VOLUME LXXIX.-NO. 155.
CHAMBERLAN TO
FACE A CRISIS
Receives a Knockout Blow
From President Paul
Kruger.
BEATEN IN DIPLOMACY
He May Be Compelled to Cease
Shielding the Acts of
Cecil Rhodes.
OTHER TROUBLES ARE AHEAD
Russia and Great Britain May Be at
a Deadlock Before the Year
::'■■■: , v • " ': Is Out.
I Copyright, .1896. by th* New York Time*.]
. : LONDON, Eng., May 2.— True popular
impression is that President Kruger has
knocked Mr. Secretary Chamberlain
literally over the ropes. I choose this
image because, in the public imagination
here the whole South African business has
come down to a personal contest of nerve
and science between these two champions.
It is not a very- intelligent way of regard
ing the thing, perhaps, but you cannot
long keep people interested in abstractions
of principle and statecraft. They want to
. see men or watch them fighting, and their
furiny press for months back has summed
up the Transvaal affair in a mental picture
of the Boer heavy-weight and the Birming
ham lightning artist stripped in the
ring. As has been snid, there are no two
opinions that Oom Paul has scored a gen^
nine knockout. Chamberlain seems to
have no illusions on that point, for he dis
appeared from London yesterday leaving
no one to answer the questions which the
House of Commons is bursting with im
patience to p-ut on the subject. The ex
planation is that he had a speech to de
liver on the education bill in Birmingham,
but this is too iuin, because he could have
met Parliament and reached Birmingham
in plenty of time afterward.
That he should want time for reflecting
is only natural, though, for on Monday he
has to meet a crisis of the first -magnitude.
It will be put to him squarely whether he
intends further to shield tne Chartered
Company from the consequence of its
crimes or not, and on his answer depends
his career and perhaps that of the Minis
try he represents.
I understand that these disclosures of
. the complicity of Cecil Rhodes and other
Chartered officialsat the Cape in the plot
a jrainst the Transvaal form only a part of
wliat is to come. What for the moment is
more interesting, however, is that these
revelations are novel only to the general
public. Chamberlain and others in author
ity have known these facts and more for
months. Chamberlain.'s original impulse
ferns to act on them, but the pressure of in
terested influence stretching all the way
from the royal palaces down to the city
bucket-shops was too powerful for him to
withstand, and he yielded to the temp
tation to try to pull the Chartered Com
pany out of the pit that it bad dug for
; another. If he does not make a stand
now on the very brink be will tumble
. him^lf.
Kruprer> plan wastodeal most leniently
with all his prisoners at Pretoria. Those
nho were sentenced to death he intended
to mnke an example of to the extent of
heavy fines and banishment; others were
to pet off with almost nominal fines, with
perhaps here and there the penalty of
iianishment as well. He had no idea of
crippling the business of the Rand or of
destroying the vast interests built up on
its cold fields. This I know at second
hand from nis lips, but it is very possible
that Chamberlain's insolent publication
of a practically threatening telegram in
Parliament before it could have reached
Pretoria, totret er with the surrounding
incident^ in London, may have altered the
Boer President's plan*. It will be neces
sary to show, jhim now at once that Eng
land means to play fair, or he will pass the
word around South Africa that the Dutch
are being insulled and defrauded, and the
Knplish will find themselves immediately,
face to face with a hostile combination of
all four Parliaments of those of their own
Natal and Cape colonies, as well as those
of the Orange and Transvaal republics.
This is what the situation suddenly has
come to, and it is not a nice one.
So preoccupied with ii .and its dangers'
are Englishmen in genera* that the murder
of the Shah gets treated like a common
place event. It is remarked, indeed, that
this will inevitably throw Persia' into
Russia's arms and thus double England's
difficulties and perils in Asia, which are
already "sufficiently great. At another
time such an outlook would stir these
islands to excitement, but n6w there is
such a surfeit' of apprehensions in oth» r
quarters that there is no room for new
fears. Men of affairs agree that few things
artf more probable than that Russia and
England will be at a deadlock before the
year is out.
Meline is certain of bis premiership for
four weeks at least, but only because the
Chamber has adjourned till May 28. Mean
while the municipal elections throughout
Franco begin to-morrow, and their results
will throw a gooa deal of light on what is
likely to happen in June. The Radicals
are entering the contest on a scale never
attempted before, placarding the whole
country with denunciations of the present
Ministry as a creature of reactionary
combinations, which could not survive a
day without the votes and support of the
right, and Bourgeois, Goblet, Lockroy and
the rest of the Radical leaders are to make
speaking tours of the provinces as if a
Parliamentary canvass were on hand. The
socialists, though allied with them in the
Chamber, will conduct a campaign of their
own on similar lines.
Only a few years ago the approach of
May was viewed with terror by every big
city on the Continent, and there seemed
to be a danger that England wai des
The San Francisco Call.
MISS LILLIAN REA, QUEEN OF THE SAN JOSE CARNIVAL OF ROSES, AND SOME OF THE
FAIR LADIES OF HER SUITE.
tined to become a festival of disorder and
anarchical violence, but now people are
taking heart- again and recognizing that
the apprehensions were baseless. From
all quarters the reports of yesterday's la
bor processions and demonstrations show
almost unbroken quiet and civic decorum.
The exceptions are a sharp scuffle in one
of those villages in the Belgian mining
district where something like a state of
civil war always exists between employers
and employed, and a disturbance in
Vienna. Some correspondents there de
scribe it as arising out of the q uarrel be
tween the Bohemian?. Others ascribe the
trouble directiy to the socialists. What is
certain is that the troops and police han
dled the crowd without gloves, sending
some hundred of them to the hospital
with wounds, and that the military had
to occupy the Prater through the night.
Vienna has, however, been drifting
toward, chaos, from the municipal point
of view, for a long time, and so much bad
blood has been engendered between the
local authorities and the populace of late
that the only wonder is there is not more
fighting. No one would have been sur
prised, considering the exceptional politi
cal excitement of the moment, if the
Parisian hoi polloi had seized the occa
sion to make a disturbance, and special
military precautions were indeed taken to
guard against an unexpected turbulence,
but positively nothing happened. There
are the usual rumors that the Faubourgs
are savine themselves for to-morrow, and
intend mischief then, but there is probably
nothing in it.
In Great Britain, of course, all notions
of public disorder on Mayday seem as far
out of date now as tremors about Char
tist violence. There were many proces
sions and speeches, but they were all as
innocuous as the Salvation Army parades.
It was, however, not without significance
that Aberdeen had its by-election on that
date and came within a paltry 400 votes of
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY MORNING, MAY 3, 1896-THIRTY-TWO PAGES.
electing to Parliament Tom Mann, who is i
as advanced a Socialist as the English I
labor movement has produced.
lie stood alone against the regular Lib
eral nominee, and, by the rules, should
have been beaten by 4000. His immense
poll in one of the most clannish of the
Scotch constituencies has thrown the Lib
eral leaders into a panic of bewildered
consternation. They fear that it means
that the Liberal party will have to come to
terms with the labor party at once, or be
destroyed by it, and some of them are
actually advocating this course. But they
are euch shallow persons that if at the
next election somewhere a labor candidate
runs behind his expected poll they will
veer round and conclude that all danger
from the third party is at an end.
The story of the Cologne Gazette, that
ex- King Milan of Servia is going to Amer
ica for the purpose of finding a million
aire bride for his son, seems more like a
guess founded on knowledge of Milan's
character than a statement based on fact.
This ex-King would be delighted to pocket
any number of commissions on negotia
tions of this nature, and would not be
troubled by any scruples about promises
or even written pledges, but he would do
all this with bin tongue in bis cheek.
Both he and his son understand per
fectly that an American marriage would
be an utter impossibility. If the young
Alexander is to remain on the throne and
establish a dynasty, be must marry within
Europe's royal circles. He will not be 20
years old till August, but for three years
vain efforts have been made in numerous
directions to find for him a bride. Consid
ering that he has a real crown tooffer.it
speaks rather well for the girls of the
various shabby genteel dynastic families
that they have all refused him. Princess
Sibly of Hesse-Cassel, came nearest to
being entangled in an engagement, but es
caped at the last moment. Three or four
other German princesses and two daught
ers of Nicholas of Montenegro, were laid
siege to, but resisted successfully. A fort
night ago Alexander suddenly started on a
visit to Greece, and the official papers at
his capital were indiscreet enough to men
tion that he would probably find a wife at
Athens.
This was telegraphed to Athens and the
King of the Hellenes hastened to an
nounce the betrothal of his only daughter
to her cousin, Grand Duke George
Michaelovitch, before the Servian suitor
could arrive. The reasons for this univer
sal shrinkage are well enough understood
in the courts of Europe, but not so easily
explained. Alexander is a terribly pre
cocious creature, who was a bearded man
at 15, and already was the subject of whis
pered stories which recalled Carlyle's an
ecdotes of Peter the Great. Since then he
has grown immensely in brain and will
powers, but the savage physical side of him
has kept pace with his mental progression,
until at 20 he is a sort of sinister prodigy,
who is very litely destined for great
things, but at whom people shudder none
the less.
Lord Lonsdale is in Berlin trying to
induce Kaiser Wiihelm to change his
mind and say that he wili come to Cowes
with his yacht this summer, and the idea
seems to pievail here that he will succeed;
but this is based on the theory of
English public opinion that the Emperor
is afraid, and that all that he needs is to
be reassured by Lonsdale that nothing un
pleasant will happen.
I fane/ it is much nearer the troth that
the Emperor is deterred from coming by
the strength and volume of the German
protests ngjiinst such a step. The Ger
mans have never liked his penchant for
the English family, and after last winter's
savage wrangle between Berlin and Lon
don, they like it so much less than ever
that they are afraid to speak their minds.
The Times this morning says that it is
not pleasing to the national vanity to have
to record that two of the cleverest things
in the Royal Academy this year are by
Americans. I am not so sure that Sar
gent's work this time quite puts him in
the category, but there is no doubt that
Abbey's "Lady Anne and Gloster" is the
triumph of the year. It is magnificent
alike in conception and composition.
It forces people to say that if he con
tinues to progress it will leave himself
without any rivals at all in England.
Sargent's portraits.which with Princes and
Mr. Chamberlain are most talked of, areas
remarkable as ever.
The unfinished "Clytie" left by Lord
Leighton shows what was always sus
pected, and what was equally true of
Albert Moore — that he weakened and
emasculated his work by over finishing.
"Clytie" is much stronger as it is, and
better than it would have been if he had
lived to polish it into inanity. MiFlias,
Watts and DicKsee are ridiculous this year,
and Herkomer and Fildes are not much
better.
Since silk made of wood pulp has been
tried in America, long accounts are given
of a process invented three years ago at
Besancon, and apparently confined there,
which is now to be tried on a larger scale
in Lancashire. Concessions have been
obtained from the French patentees, along
with pledges of no competition in the
English market, ana it is confidentially
believed that the introduction of this new
industry will revolutionize the economic
conditions of Lancashire, which suffered
aadiy of late from the decline in the cotton
monopoly. Harold Frederic.
Rhode*' Cohitnn Attacked.
CAPE TOWN, South Africa, May 2.—
News has reached this place that a body
of Matabeles, numbering fully 1000, at
tacked the relief column under Cecil
Rhodes, en route from Salisbury for Bulu
wayo, on the 30th ult., near Makalaka,
and that the natives were repulsed |with
the loss of thirty killed. The relief col*
umn sustained no loss, and is expected to
arrive at Gwelo on the sth inst.
ASSASSINATION OF THE SHAH.
It Is Established That the Murderer Be
longed to a Secret Society of
Fanatics.
TEHERAN, Persia, May 2.— The fol
lowing details of the assassination of the
Shah yesterday were obtained through,
official sources this morning:
The Shah, accompanied by the Grand
Vizier and a number of attendants, paid a
visit to the shrine of Shah Abdul Azim.
His Majesty traversed the outer court,
where he stopped and gave a bank note to
an Arab and spoke a few kind words to a
water-carrier.
Two chains barred the way to the inner
court of the shrine. The Shah had just
passed the first chain when the assassin
approached him and, when within a few
feet, fired a revolver, the bullet from which
struck the Shah near the heart. His Maj
esty fell forward upon his knees, but rose,
walked a few paces and then fell again,
dying almost at once. The assassin was
immediately seized and hurried away.
LONDON, E.vg., May 2.— The Queen,
through Premier Salisbury, has sent a dis
patch to Muzafer-ed-Din, the new Shah of
Persia, expressing profound sympathy at
the tragic death of his father, the late
Shah.
The Persian Legation here announces
that it is now definitely established that
the assassin of the late Shah was a mem
ber of a secret society known as the Babi,
composed of religious fanatics, and which
organization the Shah tried to suppress.
Beatrice Made a Governor.
LONDON, Eng., May 2. — Princess
Beatrice (Princess Henry of Battenburg),
daughter of the Queen, has been appointed
Governor of the Isle of Wight.
PRICE FIVE CENTS
FAIR SAN JOSE'S
FESTAL SEASON
The Garden City Decorated
for Queen Lillian's
Reception.
TONS OF FLOWERS USED.
A Populace Living in Dwellings
Hidden Beneath Blooms
and Evergreens.
WEDNESDAY THE OPENING DAT
Historic Floats and Gorgeous Equip*
ages to Form a Pageant Two
Miles Long.
SAN JOSE, Cal., May 2.— The Carnival
of Roses which opens in this city next
Wednesday will be the greatest flower
show on earth. This is verified by the
large number of magnificent floats in con
struction for the floral pageant and the.
number of beautiful booths that will be
maintained in the carnival pavilion.. The
many acres of sweet peas, marigolds and
roses that were planted for carnival pur
poses are all in full bloom, and there will
be an abundance of "flowers.
The decorating of the streets is going
rapidly forward. Lines of flags and ban
ners have been strung every few yards
across Market and First streets, and at the
principal crossings streamers of ever
greens cross each other and from
the center wreaths are suspended.
Every telegraph - pole- and sign - post
is decorated with a redwood tree,
The town has begun to assume a gala
day attire, and by Saturday night the dec
oration of the city will have been com
plete.
The great dome of th"c Courthouse
has been decorated with red, white and
blue ribbons, the whole surmounted by an
immense wreath of evergreens. The front
of the building will be trimmed with bunt
ing, and a reviewing stand will be erected
for the judges on the street*. The front of
the Hall of Records will be similarly deco
rated.
The floral parade of Wednesday, the
opening day of the carnival, will be over
two miles in .length. There will d«j over
seventy-five floats and decorated rit" in
line. Thousands of school children and
most of the fraternal societies will join in
the parade.
The Queen's chariot is of Egyptian de
sign, and will be a thing of beauty almost
beyond comparison. Miss Rea, the Queen,
will occupy the throne seat upon the high
est platform in the rear. Besides her regal
gowns a very costly robe made of cloth of
gold will hang over her throne chair. Be
side her will be .the Prime Minister, repre
sented by ex-Mayor Austin. On the next
step beneath the throne two page* —
Ernest Kcenig and Charles Hower Jr.— will
be seated, and upon the platform still
lower down tho two maids of honor will
occupy positions. Still further in the
front there will be three' attendants on
either side with four ttower-girls in a cen
tral group between them. The throne will
be covered with a scroll canopy, and from
it to the foremost part of the float garlands
of flowers wil! be supported on tall pillars
and spears. Surrounding the whole palm
leaves are arranged, and the rest of the
work.is left to the deft fingers that will do
(he floral work on the float.
The float of the Santa Clara County
Floral Society will be raairn,' '.ent and
novel in design. Thousands. of! roses will
NEW TO-DAY. " .
For Children's Skin
scalp, and hair, nothing in the whole world la to
cleansing, purifying, and beautifying as
CUTICURA
\ SOAP
prrest and sweetest for toilet, bath, and nursery. ,
. For distressing facial eruption*, irritations of
the scalp, dry, thin, and f.-.lling hair, red, rough
hands, chafings, inflammations, and simple baby
rashes and ■ blemishes, it is wonderful. .
Sold throughout the w.irld. Palo greater thin the com-
bined sales of all other "kin maps. I'ottib Übdo ani>
Chim.Cokp.. Sole Props.. Hofton. V. B. A. ""'*»(»*?
B3r" How to Purify and beautify Baby's Skin," free. "
____ i __ L__ _ ; y
lit 1 1 Mttnlltftf
&co'§
- ' ■ . . ' - . f ■
COPPER: RIVETED
avfuAtk
UfEMbb)
AND
ffKDK BOTTOH
PANTS.
EVERY PA! GUARANTEED;
•OR SALE EVERYWHERE,2
be used in its construction and it bids fair
to be the finest ever seen on the coast. It
•will represent Aurora riding in a golden
chariot over a mass of clouds, the chariot
beins drawn over its misty course by half
a dozen butterflies gaudily dressed in na
ture's robes. The huge golden chariot
will contain Mrs. Ed Goodrich, who will
represent Flora and guide the course over
a perfect sea of clouds. Astride of the
three wheels will ride three pretty little
fairy girls— Louise Goodrich and* Mabel
and Grace Madsen. The picture is most
realistic and no expense is being spared to
n.ake it all that the conception requires.
Some idea of its proportions may be gath
ered when it is estimated that 40,000 roses
will be required to decorate the chariot
alone.
One of the most historic floats is the one
that is to represent the St. Joseph's Col
lege. In the foreground a sandy desert
with one or two Indians and a lone cactus
bush are represented. Back of that is a
perfect reproduction of the front of the
Santa Clara Mission, erected in 1797. The
structure is by degrees transformed
through decay into a very modern struct
ure with mighty columns supporting the
tile roof and beneath is represented
Eureka.
The Santa Clara College will make an
excellent showing of a modern art build
ing, open on all sides, in which the various
sciences are represented in groups, while
in the rear Flora will preside on a richly
constructed throne. The predominating
colors in these two floats will Due red and
white. , :
The Willow Glen School will make a
showing second to no school in the parade.
Upon the bed of the float an immense
scroll is laid, and upon this music is to be
portrayed with a of six young peo
ple'and a lyre. The sides of the float will
have a few measures of music worked in
. flowers., in which the notes of the staff will
spell out "Willow Glen."
Probably the most interesting float that
has.yet been exposed to view is that of tue
convent, of" Notre Dame. The several
groupings will- be of the Egyptian Older
and white and gold will be the only colors
on the-.float. Atthe rear two massive gold
columns of Corinthian pattern will occupy
the corners." Beneath them a magnificent
palm will occupy a place and above it a
perfect representation ol the rising sun will
be depicted. Directly in front of them will
be the pnaracter of Liberty leaning over a
cross arid protecting .Faith. Very fittingly
the gates aj ax are disclosed in front of this
Striking group, and immediately ahead
will be- a' representation of Justice crowp
iug Virtue. The horn of plenty will also
find resting-place at the foot of these char
acters.on the rigbt. Music and painting
■will be'- couspicuosly and accurately per
sonified, the narp with the strings of gold
and an easel performing their parts. Edu
cation and various sciences will be Dor
tra'yedby numerous other characters in
the foreground, and off the very foremost
pert of. the float a scroll will contain the
name, "Convent of Notre Dame," worked
in flowers. . Around the entire float an
abundance of sruilax will drop and trail.
The University of the Pacific will make
a striking appearance by an exact repro
duction of the ruins of the Parthenon
Temple in miniature. In the rear and on
an elevation will be a representation in
•life of Raphael's great painting of Apollo
and the nine mutts. Th-e colors predom
inating in the decorations will be orange,
the college coior.
The Queen will have four magnificent
gowns. These are as follows :
Coronation gown — Cream-white bro
caded satin, en train; trimming, gold em
broidery and jewels; Medici collar, em
broidered with jewels; robe| purple plush,
trimmed with ermine and gold, light helio
trope brocaded silk lining; crown with
diamond ornaments.
. Everting concert dress— Cream embroid
ered chiffon over cream satin with garni
ture of cream satin ribbons; ornaments,
pearls } cut square in neck; elbow sleeves.
. Costume for the polo game and outside
exercises-*Yellow silk crepon, high bod
ice, elbow sleeves, trimmed in yellow
pearls; parasol and gloves to match.
. .Ball dress— Brocaaed satin with Wat
teau irain, duchess lace flounces, bodice
cutdecoiiete., elbow puff with nonnces of
Ducliess lace, diamond necklace and hair
• ornaments and large ostricn fan.
' The dresses of the maids of boi;or will
be as follows: White organdie over white
Bilk, trimmed in Valenciennes lace, elbow .
■sleeves, white shpes and gloves to match,
Gainesborough Uats; ornaments, bride
rose. buds.
Miss Lillian Rea, Queen of the rose
carniyal; has experienced some delay in
selecting her mauls of honor, owing to the
short time remaining between t!»e choos
ing of Queen and the opening ofthe carni
val. • Ail .the dressmaking-shops -are work
ing night and day,' and it .Wus owing to a
lack of' time fcr prepare their wardrobes
that- several of the ladies declined the
honor.
The following was given out as the com
plete list this afternoon, and no more
change^ will be made : Mrs. H. L. Part
ridge,. Miss Florence Gordon, M;ss Sibyl
Morehouse, Miss Cassie Welch, Miss Be's
bie Henry, Miss Maud Green, Miss Lillian
Jury, Miss Lulu Schemmel and Miss
Charity- Crossen of. San Jose; Miss Nettie
Wbitehurst and Miss Hankenson of Gilroy.
Colonel Whitton to-day received word
from Colonel Forsyth of. tne Presidio that
four companies of United States cavalry
would be here during the carnival. They
will take part in the parade. The great
Chinese dragon, over three blocks long,
which wus such an attractive feature at
the Los Angeles fiesta, has been secured.
Going to San Jose's Fete.
BAHTA BARBARA, Cal., May 2.— Dixie W.
Thinipson left to-day on the steamer Santa
Rosa for San Francisco. He takes ■with him
his famous thoroughbred saddle horse and the
S=4ooo silver-mounted saddle and bridle which
were exhibited at the Columbia Exposition.
• Jt is Mr. Thompson's infection to appear in
' the flower-festival parade at San Jose next
weak. This is the first time that this beautiful
horse' and its magnificent equipment have
ever visited Northern California.
RED WOOD CITY AWARDS.
Prizewinners at the San Mateo County
Carnival.
REDWOOD CITY, Cal., May 2.— The
San Mateo County floral fair closed to
night. Germania Hall was crowded.
Fully $1000 has been netted for.the kinder
garten, which will be sufficient to main
tain itfor more than a year. Annual flower
shows are fixtures for the future. The
committee on awards announced the fol
lowing winners.
I |Roses, largest and Dest variety, Mrs. Aaron
Doud, Menlo Park.
Roses second largest and best variety, Mrs.
James Robinson, Redwood City.
Best.collection of cut flowers, Mrs. George C.
Rugs, Belmont.
Sweet peas, largest and best variety, Mrs. J.
B. Sohroeder, Redwood City.
Ferns, largest and best collection— Mrs. Gus
tave Thiel, Redwood City.
Best single specimen fern— Mrs. A. M. De
. xnirfmonteg, Redwood City.
School children's best collection of wild flow
ers and ferns— Lee Ross, Helmont.
Second best wild flowers and ferns — Josie
Miner, South San Fraucisco.
Tne following collection of wild flowers
and ferns are entitled to special mention
in the order named:
Austin Rlx— Fifty varieties.
Josie Di<-lm*n— Thirty varieties.
Albert Mansfield— Twenty varieties.
Roy Currau— Twelve varieties.
E idle Gtnochio — Two bouquets.
— Alice Holden— Two bouquets.
MODESTO`S MATDAE CARNIVAL
. Four Thousand People See Militia Com
panies in. a Sham Battle.
.MODESTO, Cal., May A large crowd
assembled yesterday to witness a sham
battle between Company H of Merced,
companies A and B of Stockton and Com
pany D of Modesto and to participate in
the Mayday picnic of the Young Men's
Social Club of this place. Between three
and four thousand people were on j the
grounds. Business houses were closed
from 11 to 3 flock. The big day of the
year here concluded with dances at two
halls to-nignt. * . .-
While in the procession to the picnic
grove in the morning an accident occurred
to Major F. S. Rice of Baktrsfield :of Gen
' eral Muller'a staff, resulting in concussion
of the brain. He was riding a horse which
threw him and he was struck by a buggy.
The major fell on the back of his head.
FIGOROCY DIPLOMACY.
How the State Department Tlucked a
Peacock feather.
WASHINGTON, D. C, May 2.— Most of
the space devoted to China in the forth
coming volume of "Foreign Relations for
1895," part of which was made public to
day, shows that vigorous measures were
tdreatened by the United States if China
would not take proper measures for the
investigation of the assault on American
and other missionaries at Chengtn and
Kutien and the punishment of the of
fenders.
Second Assistant Secretary of State
Adee, who was acting Secretary during
the progress of most of the correspond
ence, sent some sharp dispatches on the
eubject. When it was reported that Liv,
the Viceroy of Szechuan, who was charged
with instigating the riots, had been ap
pointed a commissioner to investigate
them, Mr. Adee wired Minister Denby:
"Such a choice is highly objectionable;
his report would not inspire confidence,"
and in a letter on the subject he told the
Minister, "You can hardly have failed to
have at once remonstrated against the
offensive indecency of appointing such a
man."
It turned out that Liv had not been se :
lected. The Chinese Government, how
ever, refused to degrade and punish the
Viceroy and this Government decided to
make an investigation independent of the
British and French commission. The
Chinese authorities vigorously opposed the
appointment of this commission, but
finally agreed to allow it to proceed, be
ginning, however, to put impediments in
the way of sending it to the scene of the
outrages. This caused Secretary Olney to
wire Mr. Denby: "If there is any further
delay or hesitation in complying with our
just demand, report immediately."
There was no further trouble and the
Chinese Government soon issued a decree
depriving Viceroy Liv of office.
THE LAST RESTING-PLACE
Remains of the Late becretary Oresham
Quietly Buried.
WASHINGTON, D. C, May 2. — The
burial of the remains of the late Secretary
Gresham this afternoon was devoid of any
display whatsoever. The funeral party
reached Washington by a train on the
Chesapeake and Ohio Railroad at 4 p. m.
Mrs. Gresham and her son and daughter
entered the carriage and followed the
hoarse to the Arlington. Cemetery.
The President, Secretary Olney, Secre
tary Carlisle, Secretary Herbert and Gen
eral. Miles were waiting at the cemetery.
Without ceremony, except the sounding
of "taps" by a bugler, the body was low
ered into its last resting-place and the
party returned to the city. There was no
miliuiry display.
Treasury Gold Reserve.
WASHINGTON. D. C, May 2.— The
treasury gold reserve at the close of busi
ness to-day stood at $123,836,913. The
withdrawals for the day were $145,900.
THE WOMEN SURE TO WIN
Exciting Sessions of the M. E.
Church Conference at
Cleveland.
Efforts of Leading Ministers to Keep
Out Female Delegates Will
Prove Fruitless.
CLEVELAND, Ohio, May 2.— The four
women elected delegates to the general
conference of the Methodist Episcopal
Church have gained a sub tantial victory.
The indications now are that at the. con
ference on Monday the women will win.
The committee will. make a majority and
a minority report on Monday, when the
mosi exciting session of the conference
will be held. All other questions have
been lost sight of, and the business of the
conference will be unimportant until the
woman question is settled.
Bishop Foster of Boston called the con
ference to- order this morning. It was
ordered that the Epworth League com
mittee consist of one delegate from each
annual conference, and that the judiciary
committee be chosen by the Bishops.
Bishop Henry W. Warren of Denver
read the episcopal address. It contained
many recommendations. The address
congratulated the church upon its ad
vancement, but said that there was much
work yet to be done. The growth of the
church during tie past four years has
been 386,000 souls, and the Methodist
church is now the greatest in number in
the world save the Baptist and Catholic
churches.
The Sunday-schools have gained during
four years past 280,858. Ihe Woman's
Fbreign Society and the Woman's Home
Missionary Society are very prosperous.
The Bishops did not recommend any
material change in the time limit or in the
mode of making appointments, but sug
gested that wisdom might provide some
method by which, under ample safeguards,
the pastoral term might be extended to
meet very rare cases of emergency.
This was a direct blow at those who are
laboring to extend the pastoral term, and
it was greeted with wild cheering by the
delegates.
On the amusement question the address
said the church was opposed to all
pleasures that are dissipating rather than
recreative. "Churches are perished by in
dulgence in what beemed at first to be in
nocent delights."
The report says tne church is opposed to
intoxicants, and urges the United States
Government to so adjust its laws as not to
seem to legalize the liquor tratnc in States
where there is prohibition. -
The subjects of arbitration and capital
and labor were treated in a skillful manner.
Downtown churches were commended,
and the report said that Methodists should
be slow to abandon them.
The report closed by saying that from
all the world came signs of encouragement
and that it was surely marching on to
ultimate victory.
The conference accepted the report.
At 4 p. m. the committee on eligibility,
which has before it the question of ad
mittins women to the conference, met
behind closed doors in the First Methodist
Church and had a very stormy session.
They adjourned for supper and went at
it again to-night. It is understood that a
compromise has been practically agreed
upon, by means of which women who had
been elected to sit as delegates will be
allowed to vote and lake part in the pro
ceedings without admitting the constitu
tionality of the question, which is to be
referred again to the conference.
The conference claimants' anniversary
meeting in favor of increasing the sup
port given to retired ministers was held
to-night. Rev. Dr. J. Benson Hamil
ton of Syracuse, K. V.. Dr. J. M. King of
New York and Dr. W. H. W. Rees of Dcs
Moines, lowa, were among the speakers.
The object of the meeting was a discus
sion of the system by which superan
nuated ministers draw from the fund.
Qf course the argument was all one way.
The committee on eligibility of women
held a protracted and heated discussion
to-night lasting nntil 11 o'clock. Dr.
Buckley of New York, it will be remem
bered, had challenged the right of women
to hold seats, and the committee decided
by a vote of 20 to 11 not to sustain Dr.
Buckley's challenge. The lay delegates
also had a session to-night to discujs the
propriety and advisability of asking equal
representation with ministerial delegates
at the conferences. This was carried by a
vote of (57 to 15, and the fight will be car
net to the convention hall probably on
Monday.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY 3, 1896.
TWO BATTLESHIPS
INSTEAD OF FOUR
Senate and House Disagree
on the Naval Appropri
ation Bill.
GOES TO CONFERENCE.
Chandler's Torpedo-Boat Amend
ment Stirs Up a Lively
Discussion.
WOLCOTT'S FIERCE OPPOSITION
Declares That Every Addition to the
Navy Instills a Desire in the
People for War.
WASHINGTON, D. C, May 2.— The
naval appropriation bill, which has been
under consideration in the Senate during
the entire week, was passed to-day, and
now it will be for a conference committee
to reconcile the disagreements between
the two houses. The chief of these is the
reduction of the number of battle-ships
provided for. The House fixes the num
at four, the Senate at two. The ships are
each to cost $3,750,000, exclusive of arma
ment.
After routine morning business the bill
was taken up by the Senate, the pending
question being on Chandler's amendment
appropriating $4,000,000 for twenty tor
pedo-boats and torpedo-boat destroyers.
Gorman (D.) of Maryland argued
against it.
Chandler (R.) of New Hampshire advo
cated the amendment and said the net
saving effected by it, in view of striking
out two battle-ships and some torpedo
boats, would be $8,285,000.
In the course of the discussion some
complimentary things were said of the
Secretary of the Navy, and this led Wol
cott (R.) of Colorado to make the com
mentary that, with the indorsement of the
Secretary of the Navy and of the Secre
tary of the Treasury by Republican Sena
tors, every gentleman of the existing Cabi
net would be indorsed by the Republican
side and not by the Senators on the
Democratic side. He went on to say with
great spirit and impetuosity:
"If it is true that the Government has
run behind in its expenditures; if it is
true (and no Senator has ventured to dis
pute it) that this country is marching on
to the issue of additional bonds, and that
no power under heaven can stop it, then I
ask, in the name of what patriotism are
we putting on the necks of the people
interest-bearing securities In order that we
may build twenty additional torpedo-boats
to cruise around our harbors? If these
bonds are to be issued year after year,
what need will we have for torpedo-boats?
Our country will present no glittering at
tractiveness for other countries.
'•We will have enough to sustain the j
life of. the people, overtaxed and over
burdened, who live within our borders,
but the love of display and the love of
competition will not justify these expendi
tures for which the people must pay in
added burdens year after year.
"If any Senator will tall me that addi
tional bonds are not sure to come, that
every dollar put into new ships does Dot
mean an absolute necessity for new bonds
to be saddled on the people of the United
States, I will be glad to sink my individ
ual judgment and vote for additional
boats. But if that be a fact, then I say
that every instinct of patriotism as well
as every duty of statesmanship requires
us to forego something of our National
vanity, and let our ships, already credit
able, stand as a sufficient navy until the
Government is put back on a paying
basis— where its receipts equal its expendi
tures."
Wolcott declared that "every additional
warship, every additional cruiser, every
additional battleship but inspires the nat
ural and inevitable competition in the
minds of a free and progressive people,
and is sure to instill the desire that we en
gage in some war of conquest, or otner
wise, in order that we may show that our
ships are as strong and as able and our,
seamen as brave as those of any other na
tions whose ships sail the seas."
Hawley (R.) of Connecticut replied to
Wolcott and supported Chandler's amend
ment. He thought there was no danger
of the Nation embarking in a co.icy of ag
gression and conquest. Long before these
torpedo-boats would have to be paid for
he hoped that the treasury would be on a
paying basis. It was absolutely ludicrous
to talk of the United States undertaking a
war of aggression.
Lodge (R.) of Massachusetts also spoke
in favor of the Chandler amendment. He
sneered at the "explosion of economy"
coming against the nayy — against the de
fenses of the country.
Gorman (D.) of Maryland spoke in a
tone of ridicule of the patriotic speeches
of the Senators from Connecticut and
Massachusetts and said, as a matter of
course, appropriations were always behind
the wave of the flag on sue i occasions.
At 2 o'clock the consideration of the bill
under the five-minute rule was begun.
Short speeches were made by Senators
Chandler (R.)of New Hampshire, Call (D.)
of Florida, Peffer (Pop.) of Kansas and
Sherman (R.) of Ohio.
Sherman advocated the limitation of
appropriations to an amount not in excess
of the current revenues. He did not fear
war, but he did believe In the moderate
strengthening of the navy as a means of
defanse.
The discussion was continued by Hale
and Vilas, the latter protesting against an
extension of the navy to such an extent
that it would want to go "a-jingoing and
become a National swashbuckler."
The amendment of Chandler sought to
change the three torpedo-boats at not less
than thirty knots, and not to exceed ten
torpedo-boats, to have the highest prac
ticable speed, as reported by the commit
tee to the Senate, so as to provide for tor
pedo gunboats and torpedo-boat destroy
ers, with a minimum speed of thirty
knots, and torpedo-boats with a minimum
speed of twenty-six knots, twenty in num
ber, to cost in all, exclusive of armament,
not exceeding t4.000,000.
When the vote was taken the amend
ment was defeated by a vote of 39 to 23.
The vote was as follows:
Ayes— Bacon, Brown, Call, Cannon, Carter,
Chandler, Davis, Dubois, Frye, Gallinger, Gib
son, Gordon, Hale, Hawley, Lodge, McMillan,
Mantle, Mitchell of Oregon, Morrill, Perkins.
PUtt, Proctor, Squire— 23.
Noes— Allen, Allison, Baker, Bate, Berry,
Blackburn, Blanch&rd, Butler, Caffrey, Clark,
CockreU. Daniel, Gear, Got man, Hansbrough,
Harris, Hill, Kyle, Martin, Mitchell of Wis
consin, Kelson, Palmer. Pasco, Peffer, Petti
grew, Pritchard, Pugh, Roach, Snerman,
Bhoup, Stewart, Teller, Turpie, Vest. Vilas,
Walthtll, Warren, White, Wolcott— 39.
The further amendments made by the
committee to the provisions for the in
crease of the navy were agreed to. The
Hou3e provision for five torpedo-boats at
a maximum speed of not less than twenty
six knots is changed to three torpedo
boats at a maximum speed of not less than
thirty knots, and the total coat reduced
from $875,000 to $800,000. The House pro
vision for ten or more torpedo-boats, to
cost in all not exceeding $800,000, to have
the highest practicable speed, was also
changed to not exceed ten torpedo-boats
of this class, to cost in all not exceeding
$500,000.
An amendment was agreed to providing
that three ol the torpedo-boats, instead of
one, shall be huiit on the Pacific Coast.
On motion of Allen (Pop.) of Nebraska
one torpedo-boat was ordered to be built
on the upper Missouri River, White (D.)
of California suggesting humorously, in
connection with it, that he would like to
have one built in the Colorado Canyon.
The next committee amendment was to
insert an item for two submarine torpedo
boats of the Holland type not to cost over
$175,000 each. It was agreed to without
challenge.
The next committee amendment to be
acted upon provided to strike out of the
bill various paragraphs providing for an
increase in the marine corps by S"X) men.
The amendments were opposed by
Hawley, Chandler and Lodge, and were
explained and defended by Hale (in
charge of the bill) and Gorman.
The amendments were not agreed to,
and the items remain in the bill.
Bacon (D.) of Georgia offered an amend
ment, which was agreed to, providing that
bids for armor or vessels shall not be re
ceived if they exceed $350 a ton.
Hill (D.) of New York offered an amend
ment, which was agreed to, empowering
the Secretary of the Treasury to detail
revenue cutters to enforce order at regattas
on navigable waters.
Gorman moved to reduce the number of
additional seamen authorized to be enlisted
from 1000 to 500. Disagreed to— ayes 23,
noes 27.
The bill was reported from the commit
tee of the whole to the Senate, where all
the amendments were agreed to in bulk,
except those especially reserved.
Chandler called Gorman's attention to
an item of appropriation in the bill for
paving streets in Annapolis, where the
Naval Academy is, and asked that Senator
to explain why, when there was a want of
money in the treasury and in the country,
this appropriation should be made. He
added that there would be a want of
money until the' Republican party is
firmly seated in power, both in the United
States and in the State of Maryland.
Gorman replied in the tame strain and
said that he did not wonder that the Sen
ator from New Hampshire favored in
creased appropriations, as a part of the
increase would be required to Keep his
Republican party in power in Maryland
In the near future.
Hale offered an amendment, which was
aureed to, directing the Secretary of the
Navy to examine claims against the
Government for damages sustained
by contractors in building warships. since
January 1, 1891, on account of de
lays tnat were not the fault of the
contractors, but were due 10 the action of
the Government, and to report at the next
session of Congress.
in commenting on this amendment
(which, however, he did not oppose) Al
len (Pop.) of Nebraska said the bill had
been loaded down, and that if it did not
smell now it would after a time. It reeked
with favoritism and jobbery from top to
bottom and in the center, from core to
cuticle and from cuticle to core.
The bill was then passed without a di
vision, Gorman stating that the amend
ment which he intended to offer to the
bill, authorizing the Secretary of the
Treasury to issue certificates of indebted
ness in denominations of $50, $100 and
$1000, he had not been able to do owing to
the unanimous consent to have the bill
acted on to-day. He would, however, offer
it to the fortification bill.
At 5:58 o'clock the Senate adjourned un
til Monday.
SYMPATHY FOR HAMMOND
Mission of the Jewells to the
Capital of the Transvaal
Republic.
Will Present to President Kruger
the Petition for Leniency to
the Engineer.
WASHINGTON, D. C, May 2.— Senatoi
White to-day escorted to the White House
and presented to the President Mr. and
Mrs. Jewell, who are en route to Johannes.
burg, Transvaal, to present the petition
signed by many prominent people of tin
United States, asking clemency for Johr
Hays Hammond.
The President seemed to take an unu
sual interest in the case. Mrs. Jewell's
sympathies were wholly with President
Kruger and the Boers in their conflict
with Dr. Jameson's raiders and the Uit
landers' demonstration. They regard
Mr. Hammond as a victim of circum
stances. His connection with the uprising
of the enemies of the Boer Government,
they allege, was brought about by Farrar,
Rhodes, Phillips and Leonard, the leaders
of the Uitlanders. Mr. Jewell Bays that
the real objects of the movement were pur
posely kept s-cret from Hammond. Mr.
and Mrs. Jewell are warm admirers of
President Kruger, and say the people of
this country seem to have a very wrong
impression of the character of the Boer
President.
He is not an ignorant ruler of an igno
rant people in little sympathy with the
spirit of the times, but, they »ay, one of
the foremost statesmen of the day, liberal,
patriotic, public-spirited and in keen sym
pathy with every movement looking to the
advancement and elevation of his people.
He has a proper appreciation of the dig
nity of his office. Mr. and Mrs. Jewell say
that the Boers never again will submit to
British encroar hments, and, if necessary,
will fight to the last aitch.
Mr. Jewell came to this country on
private business, but on his arrival he
learned of the sentence imposed upon his
friend Hammond, and he at once set to
work to render him, if possible, some as
sistance. He and Mrs. Jewell sail next
Tuesday for the Transvaal.' \
The Recreate In 31 one v Circulation.
Washington, d. c, May 2. — The
Treasury statement to-day gives all the
kinds of money in circulation at $1,540,
-007,082, or $30,000,000 less than on May 1,
1895. The per capita circulation based on
a population of 71,136,000 is stated at
$21 65. The increase in money in circula
tion during April is plaoeu at $11,377,619.
and the decrease of money in the treasury
during the mouth is stated at $6,572,676.
HELPS OUT THE
CREDIT SYSTEM.
Passage in the House of
the Bill Regulating
Bankruptcy.
DEBATED FOR FIVE DAYS
Amendments Made to the Meas
ure Before Being Put to
a Vote.
HEPBURN IS OPPOSED TO IT.
Declared to Be the Means of Giving
Creditors Another Grip on
All Debtors.
WASHINGTON, D. C, May 2.-The
House, alter the reading of the journal,
proceeded, in committee of the whole, to
the final consideration of the bankruptcy
bill. An amendment, proposed by Spald
ing (R.) of Michigan, was agreed to, strik
ing out of the bill the clause describing as
an act of bankruptcy the failure of a
debtor to take up, while insolvent, com
mercial paper to the amount of $500 for a
period of thirty days after date of pay
ment and until a petition is filed.
Hepburn (R.) of lowa made a vigorous
attack upon the bill. ll *s first point was
that politically it would be a bad thing for
the Republican party for the House to
pass the bill. His second point was di
rected against the bill itself, which, he
said, was a fiaud upon its face and in its
provisions.- As a matter of fact, Hepburn
said toe bill was intended to give the cred
itor another grip upon .bis debtor, which
he did not have when the debt was con
tracted—a debt-collecting measure, and
nothing else. The third point was that
there was no general demand for the
passage of the bill.
Grosvenor (R.) of Ohio, responding in
part to Hepburn's remarks, advocated the
passage of the bill as tending to restore
credit, which restoration was essential to
general prosperity.
The consideration of the bill was in
terrupted to permit Hitt (R.) of Illinois,
chairman of the Committee on Foreign
Affairs, to call up and have passed tha bill
passed in the Senate yesterday appropri
ating $75,000 to provide for the fulfillment
of the stipulations of the treaty between
the United States and Great Britain, dated
February 8, 1396, regarding the settlement
of the Bering Sea claims. The commis
sion authorized by the bill is to sit at Ban
Francisco, and its processes to compel the
attendance of witnesses shall be executed
by the Circuit Court for the Ninth Dia
trict.
The discussion on the bankruptcy bill
was continued for an hour or more, Ding
ley (R.) of Maine being the last speaker.
He urged the passage of the bill on the
ground that the country needed and de
manded a uniform bankrupt law in the
interest of creditor and debtor alike.
An amendment offered by Mahon (R. )
of Pennsylvania was agreed to, 78 to 49,
requiring the creditor to give bonds to
cover damages and costs occasioned by his
action before beginning proceedings
against a debtor to force him into bank
ruptcy.
Broaericlc'B amendment substituting for
the nine causes of involuntary bank
ruptcy three of a fraudulent and criminal
nature only was defeated— 92 to 73. So
also was the amendment offered by W. A.
Stone (R.) of. Pennsylvania to wipe out
altogether the involuntary features of the
bill— lo2 to 72.
Various efforts were then made.to strike
out separate causes of bankruptcy, but all
met with rejection.
At 4 o'clock the bill and amendments
were reported to the House. Bailey (D.)
of Texas proposed his bill providing for
voluntary bankruptcy only as a substitute
for the pending measure. Rejected.
Broderick (R.) of Kansas proposed as a
substitute ior what is known as the George
€■•■•■•■• ■•■• ■•■• ■•■••■•■•
I == $sO =S= §
■ FOR A HIGH-GRADE ■
S NEW '96 BICYCLE! I
m ; m
g Yes !as you predicted they've dropped. |f
■"" This is the first time a really good up-to-date 5
• Bicycle has been offered to the public at $50 cash 2
■.(no installments). Our factory has just wired us 5-
this permission. We've been dickering for it since ||
■ December. No philanthropy about it. It's business. 1?
0 Read their letter to us : "Boston. April 24, '96.--There are now so many ®
__ low-priced bicycles of an inferior grade on the Market, yet having the ap- HI
■1 pearance, of good wheels, that purchasers, not well posted regarding the ~"
a selling points, are inclined to favor these machines, thus placing the agents A
*» for hr.-t-clasa wheels at a disadvantage. "V: °
SB? ."We are anxious you should be in a position to meet this competition S9
©and still supply a wheel which you can guarantee and feel sure will give -^
W satisfaction to your trade. ♦ • * • Price applies only to Models A and B ©
ma Slb- 8 , and nts 28-inch), regularly equipped and with Diamond or ag
g ke?.n?gnf d rTo^^^
i n^'.t« re i Üb?> detach ? ble sprockets, round cranks ti^-iuch. 5-lnch tread, hard- ■
A f.2 e^ 8 8t^ t^ aln -? n }P r "ved combination pedals, T seat. ¥ost Oarford saddle, gear A
™ B *'* >8 .;.' 2 - 76, weight 24 lbs, tools and repair outfit. Model B, ladies: Same with W
__ gracefully dropped frame, 20, 22 or 24 inch, and concealed brake »
131 Liberal factory guarantee covers it. .. ..,
• We carry parts and replace free upon demand $
■ under the guarantee, thus no delay or loss. Send M
0 for the beautiful art catalogue of the line. Last $
■ year's Lovells (highest grade) at sacrifice prices, m
0 all sizes and styles. a
HI r 2 Second-hand Tandems, nearly new, $60 each, gg
9 _ Bicycle Clothing Suits, Sweaters, Caps and @
gg Shoes at cut rates. A full line of Sundries. Re- m
0 pairing skillfully done. ; ja
RB ■ /*"* A -~"v I-I lis what brings ;V, " : —.. ' . _-.
% %CA'hrlißsfflU'Sffl QMITH <*' («»«;! S
bill, a bill reported by the Senate commit
tee with certain amendments proposed by
members of the House. It was also a
measure providing for voluntary bank
ruptcy, with limited involuntary features.
Rejected.
W. A. Stone (R.) of Pennsylvania moved
to recommit the bill with instructions to
report it to the House with the Involun
tary feature eliminated, save with respect
to cases of actual fraud. Lost— Bß 10 116.
The vote then recurred on the passage
of the bill, and it was passed— ayes 157,
noes 81. The announcement of the vote
was received with applause, accompanied
by a few scattering hisses.
General Walker (R.) of Virginia called
up the unanimous report in the election
case of Tborpe (R.) vs. McKinney (D.)
from the Fourth Virginia District, recom
mending the adoption of a resolution that
Thorpe and not McKinney was entitled to
the seat. The report was agreed to, ana
Thorpe was sworn in by the Speaker.
At 5:15 o'clock the House adjourned.
FRIENDLY RELATIONS RESUMED.
The Costa Rica-Nicaragua Boundary Dis-
pute h Left to Uncle Sam
for Settlement.
WASHINGTON, D. C, May 2.— Another
compliment to the impartiality of the
United States has been paid by the Gov
ernments of Costa Rica and Nicaragua in
a convention for the demarcation of. the
boundary line between those republics,
which has been negotiated through the
mediation of the President of Salvador.
The first article binds each of the two re
publics to appoint an engineering com
mission to mark the boundary in accord
ance with the treaty of 1858, as interpreted
by President Cleveland as arbitrator, and
provides that the President of the United
States shall be requested to appoint an
engineer to accompany the survey, whose
decision shall be final in any dispute that
may arise between the two co-operating
commissions. • . ■
As soon as the convention is faiified by
the Legislatures of the countries who shall
share expenses and salary of the American
engineer, the work of marking the line
from the Atlantic to the Pacific is to com
mence, and be completed within twenty
months. . Although the line is fully de
scribed by President Cleveland's arbitra
tion, the relations Detwe,en Costa Rica and
Nicaragua have for a long time, been
strained by ihe failure to agree upon its
exact location at certain points. The two
Governments, however, now believe they
have found an easy solution of their differ
ences by defernnz to the judgment of an
appointee of the "President of the United
States, and friendly relations have been
resumed. . :
This question, once settled, will have an
important bearing on the prop-sed Nica
ragua Canal by fixing the undisputed own
ership of the territory through ; which it
must be constructed.
JEx-Senntor Wallace Dying.
WASHINGTON, D. C, May 2.—Ex-Sen
ator Wallace of Pennsylvania, who has
been ill for the past few days, was reporteti
by his physician at a late hour to-night to
be slowly sinking.
BELTS Make your own choice,,
nri -rQ You can do so". at Joy's.
D=: L- 1 O Fully ten of the chief man "
BELTS of Electric Belts,
CELTS includin S the French, Ger-
nri «t«q man and Spanish, sell us
DHL 1 o beltB regularly. We have
BELTS belts for men and belts .for
BELTS women * We nave - belt
nri "T*Q that are guaranteed to cure
DrTTO Seminal Weakness or the
BELTS manufacturer returns the
BELTS i money 5 and we have belts
DC I "T*C* * or Rheumatism and
£ ' chronic complaints. We
BELTS give you the manufac-
BELTS turer's written agreement,
nri TQ when you call. Select for
DE.L 1 p yourself.
If your doctor prescribes JOY'S
some drug not frequently '. i/""v\a»q
used bring the prescription J w I w
to Joy's and you will be sure JOY'S
to have it filled properly. JOY'S
Our storerooms are the i/-\\/jq
largest in the City and we JiJ I O
keep all drugs obtainable in JOY'S
the world's market. Just re- I("YY
member "what you get at i/^kW'C
Joy's is good." . JvJY O
— • JOY'S
JOY'S JOY'S
BALDWIN PHARMACY, JOY'S
Under Baldwin Hotel, , I O V *
Powell and Market Sts. |OY 5^
SEND MAIL ORDERS. JOY'S
NEW TO-DAY. • \ '■'
Shopping
Wailf
Jt valuable book is now in th 9 ■
hands of our printers and will 69
shortly ready for. distribution*
• ft is valuable to our out-of-
town patrons for the simple rea-
son that it contains a thorough
listing of our very newest goods
at our very - best i price efforts, " ,
and: not the general rehash like
most catalogues are that- 'have ,
done time. prior to and since
9/oah came out of the ark. • • •'
* ZThis book gives you an insight . -.
to the Sftig Store's methods of ' ;
doing business; gives you all. the *■ ,
latest fashions in juvenile i^fp- .•
petrel, 2/bung 9?Jen's J^pparel, '••:
97fen's f; jfpparel, furnishings
for S&oy and an, JPats for
3&oy and 9tyan, and deals in •
generalities upon the very new- ■;
est things. ° . 'X'\":,. ■"■'
XJhis book you will find dif- '■' •
ferent from the usual run of
catalogues issued by most houses. ■- {.
We're an up-to-date house ".
we keep ourselves up *° to date
even in our catalogue. % •J' • ._; . '
Si's a book you should have ;
you'il find it interesting in many
ways. ft will place you' who
are living far distant from the
&ig Store on equal footing with
those right in town, both as to
style and price, and our prices
in this book are built on the
ground floor, with but one in-
tent and purpose and that's to '
get your business.
just send us your name
* and address and we' ll mail
the book to you without any
charge.
Raphael's
(incorporated),
Uhe Frisco JJoys.
9, IJ, 13 and 15 \
Jfearny Street. *
upotaijr; /^\
Chinese Tea and Herb LE J
Sanitarian, SHy-s '■<> 
No. 727 Washington St., >* }.
I San Francisco, Cal. V*£ V
! Cor. Brenhiua Plao* »Do»« • x ffffj ■- A^
Office Honn: 9to 1», (jH^*
Office Hours: 9to 13,
1 to 4 and 5 to 7. Sun- ' m^fff*-
day, 9 A. 11. to 12 M.
• l.i Po Tal Jr., son of the famous LI Pa
Tal, ban taken Ills father's business,'
and Is, after eleven years* study la
China, fully prepared to locate aaA
treat all diseases. c
IS THE VEKV BKS'I ONE TO KXAMINB
X your eyes and tit tnem to spectacles and Eye-
(lasses with . merits of bis own Invention,
whose superiority bos not been equal* J. My slid*
1 cess has been due to the merits of myVorlc. . '■
Ofllcß Hours— l 2 to 4 mi.
COAL! COAL!
Wellington.. .........$lOOO
t-outhfletd .: 60 ....
Genuine Coos 8ay..... 6 Half ton. 350
Seattle :...: ...... 8 00— Halt ton. 400
Bryant 7 00-Half ton. 400
Telephone— Black— 3s.
KNICKERBOCKER COAL CO.,
583 Howard Street* >'e»r Ftrst.
DDII6UFO FOR BARBERS, BAK-
OII11«3 if 1 1% l ' bootblacks. bath- .
•* ■■ Ws* Hi %m\S houses. billiard - m,
brewers,^ bookbinders,' candy .makers, canner*.
dyers, flourmUla, foundries, laundries, paper-
hangers, printers, painters, shoe factories, •taois-
m*n. tar-roofers, tanners, uilors, etc
«- -».»» BCCHANAN BROS., *
Brush Manufacturer*. 60S Sacramento***
4REFORM OF THE
MILITARY LAWS
Demanded by Statesmen of
Germany From the
Kaiser.
CRISIS IN THE CABINET.
Ministers Threaten to Resign if
the Proposed Measures Are
Not Sanctioned.
THE EMPEKOR FORCED TO YIELD
Honors Bestowed Upon the Widow of
Embassador Runyon While
Departing,
BERLIN, GKRsrAjnr. May 2.— ln the ear
lier part of the week there was a minis
terial crisis over the question of reform in
the laws of military procedure in the trial
.of militaries for criminal offenses, which,
it was generally believed, had reached an
acute stage, but it has since been denied,
upon semi-official' authority, that such a
state of things ever existed. As was an
nounced in these dispatches last week, the
whole of the Emperor's Military Cabinet,
of which General yon Hahnke is the
head, was strongly opposed to the reform
proposed, or, in fact, to any reform at all,
and as Chancellor yon Hohenlohe and
General Bronsart yon Scbellendorf, Min
ister of War, are known to have advised
the Kaiser that reforms in the military
code of procedure were imperative, and
that the authorities of the sovereign Fed
eral States held the same views on the sub
ject, it was expected that the opponents of
reform, the chief of whom is General yon
Hahnke, would not long be able to resist
the demands of the Ministers.
The question assumed a serious aspect
when inspired articles simultaneously ap
peared in the. Cologne Gazette and the
Hamburg Correspondenz, purporting to
disclose the attitude of the Ministry upon
the question at issue. The o^fcial head of
the press department of the Foreign Office
is accredited with having animated both
articles, which, ventured to refer to the
proceedings of th« Cabinet sitting in
council, which have hitherto been held
strictly secret. It was stated in these
: articles that General Bronsart yon Schellen
dorf would immediately resign his office if
the Emperor retarded; the reforms which
were advocated by the Chancellor and
. himself, on the grounds furnished by
■ General Hahnke's adverse reports, and it
. was also asserted that not only Prince yon
Hohenlohe, but the whole Ministry, in
cluding Dr. Miquel, Prussian Minister of
Finance, coincided with General yon
Scheliendorf and would resign also. These
statements created a great sensation
throughout the country and gave rise to
.an excited press- campaign in which the
Emperor and Ganera] yon Hahnke were
. severely commented upon.
Atter the Emperor's conference with the
Chancellor and other members of the Min
istry immediately upon his return to
Berlin on Wednesday an official announce
ment was made to. the effect that the Em
peror had not refused to sanction the
reforms proposed, and also that the retire
ment of General yon Spitz was due to his
extreme age and not . to any difference
with the Emperor's Military Cabinet.
The inner track of the whole matter is
Relieved to be a plan laid by a certain
official to oust General Bronsart yon
. Fchellendorf from the office of Minister of
"War, ana the articles published in the
Hamburg Correspondenz and the Cologne
Gazette, -which were designed to convey to
the Emperor the impression that General
, Bronsart yon Scheliendorf intended to en
force tb> reforms through the medium of
the press were exactly calculated to cause
a man of the Emperor's temperament to
dismiss so presumptuous a Minister. It
is taken for granted that Prince Hohen
lohe disclaimed to the Emperor all respon
sibility for the statements made in the
Gazette and its Hamburg contemporary.
The Berlin Neuste Nachricnten, which
draws its inspiration from the Chancel
lerie, characterizes t!>e articles as contain
ing the issnes of fact interwoven with fic
tion, originating with persons who are
interested in fostering Ministerial dissen
sions. The Deutsche Zeitune, in an article
on the subject, demands the public expos
ure of the guilty intriguers who are using
the press as a vehicle to convey their
malice. The sum total of the present effect
of the press campaign is that it will tend
to keep the Chancellor in office.
The North German Gazette declares that
the Chancellor's health has been re-estab
lished, but this assertion does not check
the continuance, of surmises as to his
probable successor, and Couht Philip yon
Eulenburg, the present German Embassa
dor to Austria, is regarded as haying the
best chance. .
It was the intention of the majority of
the Berlin employers = to close their places
of busines-s yesterday in order to allow
their workmen to attend the opening of
the Industrial Exposition, but these plans
were altered in consequence of the issu
ance of a manifesto by the Trades Union
committee appealing to the workingmen
to stay away from* the openinc ceremonies
of the exhibition and not allow themselves
to be used as ornamental supernumeraries.
In the face of this appeal of the Trades
Union workingmen themselves a great
many of the employers decided not to
close their workshops, but rather to en
force the ordinary regulations against the
men who were absent without leave.
The departure from Berlin of Mrs. Run
yon, widow of ths late United States Em
bassador, Hon. Theodore Runyon, and her
daughter, Miss Julia Runyon, who sailed
from Bremen for New York on board the
steamer Lahn to-day, was accompanied by
marked demonstrations of sympathy and
respect.
The railway authorities assigned to
them the use of a special waiting-room at
the station, which is reserved for court
officials, and a number of persons high in
official and social circles presented them
with flowers." Mrs. J. B. Jackson and Mrs.
H. G. = Squires, respectively the wives of
first and second secretaries of the United
States embassy, and many other members
of the American cotony, also sent floral
pieces in sucn profusion as to almost com
completely fill the c.ompartment of the
railway carriage theyiwere placed in.
United State? Cbnsul-General Charles de
Kay and the entire 'American embassy,
with the exception of Embassador Uhl. bade
Mrs. ana Miss Runyon farewell at the sta
tion. Mr. Uhl did not go to the station,
as he had bidden the ladies adieu at the
Runyon residence last evening.
The Emperor will receive Embassador
Uhl at 3 o'clock to-morrow afternoon at
the Schloss. Three imperial carriages will
convey Mr. Uhl and the Btaff of the em
bassy from the residence ot the Embassa
dor to the Schloss. The first carriage will
convey J. B. Jackson, first secretary of the
embassy, who will be the bearer of Mr.
Unl's credentials. Court Chamberlain
Usedom. who will introduce Mr. Uhl to
the Emperor, will occupy the second car
riage, and the third will convey Mr. Uhl
and the remainder of the staff of the em
bassy. The Empress will receive Mr. Uhl
directly after his audience with the Em
peror.
CLEVER WIRE-TAPPEKS
They Clean X'p Ketween $800 and $1000
on the Lexington liticet.
NEW YORK, N. V., May 2.—Wire-tap
pers got the better of several poolrooms in
Long Island City yesterday to the tune of
about $1000. Notwithstanding that the
Grand Jury is in session, several rooms
are running under cover in the Hunters
Point district. Owing to the restraint
under wnich the rooms are run they are
at a disadvantage in receiving their news.
It is said the returns are received in a
roundabout way, which causes consider
able delay. This situation was taken ad
vantage of by a squad of unknown man
ipulators.
It is said they got in on both the third
and fourth Lexington races, and it is esti
mated that ti.ey cleared between $800 and
jIOOO on early "news of tne results. The
bookmakers were wary on the other races
that followed, and took but little money.
Colonel Fred' Grant's Srttppointment.
NEW YORK, N. V., May 2.— Colonel
Fred Grant, who was appointed Police
Commissioner by Mayor Strong in May,
1895, has been reappointed Police Com
missioner for . the full term of six years.
He was sworn into office by the Mayor
this morning.
HUNGARY'S MILLENNIUM
Inaugural Celebration Ceremonies
Conducted at Buda-Pesth
by the King.
Many Notables Present— Festivities
and Exhibition to Bs Continued
Until the End of October.
BUDAPEST, HrsGABY, May 2.— The
inaugural ceremonies of the celebration
of the national millennium of Hungary
were opened to-day. ( The skies were
clouded in the forenoon, but the weather
was otherwise pleasant.
Emperor Francis Joseph, as King of
Hungary, wearing the uniform of a gen
eral and looking remarkably healthy and
vigorous, was received with great en
thusiasm as he arrived upon the scene of
the ceremonies. His Majesty was accom
panied by the Empress Elizabeth, Queen
of Hungary.
The exercises were very successfully
carried out. The Austro-Hungarian Par
liament and the Austrian and Hungarian
Ministers, together with a large number of
delegates from various Hungarian towns
and notables from all parts, were present.
The ceremonies inaugurated to-day will
last until October 31. The Millennial Ex
hibition, which will be continued until
the close 01 tne celebration at the end of
October, was formally opened by the
King, who delivered an addres3.
To-morrow there will be a thanksgiving
service in the Church of Mathias in the
presence of the King, and from May 3
until May 15 public meetings of general
and municipal councils and representative
institutions and associations of the entire
country will be held and gala representa
tions will be eiven in theaters.
CANNOT BE PROSECUTED.
Many of the Violators of the Interstate
Commerce Law Hare Cone
Into Retirement.
CHICAGO. 111., May 2.— The prospect
is not bright for a successful investigation
of the alleged beef trust and violations of
the interstate commerce law by railroad
men before the Federal Grand Jury, which
assembles in this city next Monday.
It is Known that only three men for
whom subpenas have been issued for
weeks have been served. They are A. R.
Fay, freight manager for the packing firm
of Swift & Co. ; C. L. Thomas, freight
soliciting agent for the Chicago and Erie;
C. £. Davis, a confidential man with
Nelson Morris <fc Co., the packers.
Private detectives have been assisting
the Deputy United States Marshals in his
still hunt for the freight agents of the
railroads and shippers, but they were
quick to scent trouble ahead for them
selves and higher officials. All but the
unfortunate three went into hiding, being
given unlimited vacations on salary. Some
went to Europe and others to various parts
of the country.
A few are in Canada for their health. It
is common talk that substitutes are at
work for many employes of Armour,
Swift, Morris, Fowler Bros, and other
packers at their stockyard offices and
downtown, while many new faces are seen
in the city freight offices of the railroads.
Under these circumstances there is likely
to be a mistrial.
ROCK ISLAND ROAD
Its April Earnings on the Bight Bide.
Western Managers to Meet.
CHICAGO, 111., May 2.— The estimated
gross earnings of the Chicago,. Rock Island
and Pacific System for April are $1,101,052,
an increase of $23,147, as conmared with
the estimated gross earnings of April, 1895.
A call was issued this afternoon for a
meeting of the executive officers of the
Western roads next Tuesday in this city
for the purpose of receiving the report of
the committee which has been working on
the details of the new mileage ticket agree
ment and also to consider the party-rate
question east of the Missouri River. It is
understood that the vice-presidents will
vote to give reduced rates to legitimately
organized parties, to conform with the
trans-Missouri agreement, as the commit
tee which was appointed to get the best
lawyers will report in favor of its legality.
Haeing at Newmarket.
LONDON, Eng , May 2.— At Newmarket
yesterday the May plate of 300 sovereigns
for two-year-olds, five furlongs, was won by
Leopold de Rothschild's Golatta. P. Loril
lard's Lame Rock started, but was not
placed. The 1000 guineas stakes, Rowley
mild, was won by the Prince of Wales'
Tliaia.
The Brinkley plate of 200 sovereigns, for
three-year-olds, one mile, was won by T.
Jennings' Glow. P. Lorillard's Dakota 111
started, but was not placed.
The Brentby plate (handicap) of 200
sovereigns, six furlongs, was won by T.
Cannon's Ilfracombe. E. Wishard's
American horse Ramapo started, but was
not placed.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAT 3, 1896.
ORNAMENT WINS
THE FUTURITY
Kentucky's Great Stake Is
Captured by the
Favorite.
"BOOKIES" HIT HARD.
Some Rich Purses Hung Out
in the Events at Ben
nings.
LAFAYETTE GETS A LONG RACE
Successful Opening of the Fifteen
Days' Spring Meeting at the
SheJfield Track.
LEXINGTON, Ky., May 2,— The great
Futurity, the richest stake that the Ken
tucky Association offers, was run to-day.
The stake was worth $5200 to the winner,
and was won easily by Ornament. He was
an odds-on favorite, and the bookies quit
big losers on the race.
Six furlongs, Stratbreel won, Annie M sec
ond, Anna Lyle third. Time, I:l6^£.
One mile, Ace won, Moylan second, Sunburst
third. Time, 1:43.
Futurity, five furlongs. Ornament won,
Goshen second, Meadow Thorpe third.. Time,
1 :0235.
Nine-sixteenths of a mile, Lady Rover won.
Margaret Koth second, Cappy third. Time,
:57J4.
Five furlongs, Treopia won, Cherry Leaf sec
ond. Fugareo third. Time, I :o4>^.
WASHINGTON, D. C, May 2.-There
were two stake events at Bennings to-day,
the Washington handicap, one mile and a
sixteenth, furnishing a $1200 purse, and
the Sheridan steeplechase, a three-mile
entertainment, with a $1000 purse.
Five furlongs, Lizzie B won, Bicycle Girl
second, Wandering Willie third. Time, 1:04.
Six turlongs, Septour won, Prig second, Han
well third. Time, 1:55 3-5.
One mile and a sixteenth, Roundsman won,
Tinge second, Sir Dixon Jr. tnird. Time,
1:50 3-5.
Six furlongs, Intermission won, Silk second,
Lodi third. Time, 1 :16 4-5.
Handicap steeplechase, three miles, Lafar
ette won, The Peer second, Woodford third.
Time, 6:31.
CHICAGO, 111., May 2.— The fifteen
days' spring meeting began at Sheffield
to-day with an attendance of 6000. Seven
teen books were in line. The feature of
the seven races carded was the May han
dicap, in which Redskin, with 126 pounds
up, was made favorite at odds of 1 to 2.
Lillian E, carrying 91 pounds and quoted
at 15 to 1, won the event. Sullross was
second and Redskin third, all beads apart.
Dominico, Anna Mays and Dick Behan
were the winning favorites.
Five furlongs, Woodlake won, Jim Head sec
ond, George B. Swift third. Time, I :O4Ji.
Heven furlongs, Constant won, Pat >!• loy
Jr. second. Royal Prince third. Time, liS'J l^.
Half a mile, Belle of Niles won, 1 nonius
Payne second, Provident third. Time, :51J£.
Five furlongs, Bominico won, Denver second,
Buck Knight third. Time, 1:03^.
One mile (May handicap), Lillian E won,
Sullross second, Redskin third. Time, 1 :44^.
Five furlongs, Anna Mays won, Nellie Smith
second, Bridget third. Time, 1:02^.
iieven furlongs, Dick BeLan won, Evsnatus
second, Jonn Hickey third. Time, I :3OJ£.
ON THE RALL FIRED
Cleveland and Cincinnati flayed the
Opening Game.
CLEVELAND, Ohio, May 2.— Cleveland
and Cincinnati played the opening game
on the home grounds to-day after two
postponements on account of rain. About
6000 people attended the game. It was a
pitchers' contest, in which the honors
were nearly even. Score:
Cleveland!). ..1 0010 00 0 •— 2 4 8
Cincinnatis. 100U 00 0 O o— l 6 1
Batteries— Young and Zimmer; Bhlnea and
Vaughan. Umpire — Sherer.
PHILADELPHIA, Pa.. May 2.— New
York won from Philadelphia to-day by
superior stick work. Weather cool and
threatening. Attendance 8000. Score:
New Yorks. 010 060 4 2 2— 15 17 3
Phtladelphias 501200200-10 15 2
Butteries— Doheny and Farrell; Taylor, Carsejr
and Grady. Umpire— Henderson.
LOUISVILLE. Ky., May 2.— Pittsburp
won to-day by knocking Weyhing all over
the lot, while Louisville could do nothing
with Killen's delivery. Score:
Louisville* ....00 00000 00— 0 6 7
I'itlßbur«s 033 10 020 5—14 18 2
Batteries— Weyhing and Miller; Killen and
hugden. Umpire— Emslie.
BROOKLYN, N. V.. May 2.-There was
every indication of another victory for the
Brooklyns today until McAuley sent the
ball to the ropes in deep left Held in the
sixth inning, which scored Cartwrigbt and
allowed the batter to make the circuit of
the bases. Attendance 5000. Score:
Washlnsrtoas 00000 2 11 0-4 10 0
Brooklyns 020010000-3 6 3
Batteries— Mercer and McAuley: Kennedy and
Burrell. Umpire— Lynch.
CHICAGO, 111., May 2.— A triple play
was the remarkable feature of a remarka
ble game to-day between the locals and St.
Louis. It happened in the fifth inning.
After Cross and Parrott nad scratched out
two safe flies, Coolcy batted a hot liner
toward Reilly, who caught it on the jump.
Crass and Purrott had started to steal as
the ball was pitched and were retired on
throws to Truby and Docker. Breiten
stein started to pitch for St. Louis, but
was knocked out of the box in the fourth
inning and Parrott took his place. An
son's muff of a high fly in the seventh
inning allowed four runs "to cross the plate
Attendance 10,000. Score:
Chlcagos. 20250600*— 15 17 4
8U Louis 000001610—8 10 7
Batteries— Thornton andKittredge: Breltensteln
Parrott and McFarland. Umpire— Weidman. '
BOSTON. Mass., May 2.— Bostons beat
out the Baltimores in a very exciting ten
inning game at the South End this after
noon. Tne Bostons tied the score in the
ninth. A ttiree-bagger by Stockdale and
a low throw by Long gave the visitors a
run in the tenth. An error by Jennings,
a base on balls to Hamilton and a scratch
hit by Love filled tne bases for Boston
with two out. Duffy followed with a
grounder to Jennings, who became rattled
by Hamilton on the base line and not
only fumbled the ball, but threw high to
Doyle, so that two came home with the
runs needed to win. Attendance 7000.
Score:
Bostons. 1100 3100 2 2—lo 11 4
Balltmores 00 2 2000 13 I—9 12 4
Batteries — stivetts, Tenny and Ryan; Hoffer
Stockdale and Clarke. Umpire— Hurst.
NORTHEEN PACIFIC COLLISION
Engineer Killed and Fireman, Itrake
man and Mail Clerk Injured.
LIVINGSTON, Mont., May 2.— A bad
wreck happened on the Yellowstone di
vision of tiie Northern Pacific Railway,
near Mission, last night. A stock train of
thirteen cars was running on the time of
the fast mail when it collided with the lat
ter. The mail car was telescoped and the
engines collided with such force as to drive
both smokestacks together. Three cars of
stocK were thrown onto the other engine,
many cattle being slaughtered.
James Fanning, engineer of the freight
train was killed, having his skull crushed
and shoulder broken. The injured are:
Fireman McLeliand, seriously, will live;
Brakeman Downie, badly scalded; Joseph
Scwalen, mail clerk, ribs broken.
Jetoll^'.-JmM^ mTrTOflfir^'% 0"0~0" 7/one of us are burdened with more of it than j^^^^Sf^^fegi n l^^^^^^^i
g^^;^-4Jr?^^^^^?*^^^^^^^| O"O"O tue need. 2ve want to exchange a 6ig lot of
'£&. |*vv^f£^ffifw 0-O~0" Choice Spring Suits, in our 77Jen J s Suit fte- m
ftySpMßlffilfflk "O~O~O" partment, next week for little coin. 77fere | fidp^jrAj
ySg&BZr*fr_ JBfiy trifling sums for excellent garments. Silver or \\&nr
' • So Id en opportunities (as you may term it) for W^^
fashionable dressers to take advantage of.
pnnnnnnnnnrß oo o a oTTo-fl-a-a . 0 0 6" 0 6 rranrcnnnroTTo-TT^^
Lfl Swapping \ ■■ <j> 00' 0 0 ' E Com' s Wonderful T
L^7/ aOo liars. 3 $ $ i i I jo Slower, \
JUULJLSULJIPJLJLPJUIJULJL^^ . A A A• A A CJL£JUUUL)LRJL2JL2JLPJ^^ QQP 0 0 P ,o"
Commencing 9/fonc/ay i/forning
Some right cleverly tailored / x^**\ «■ f~
Trousers for Men, Blue and Jj^L V- — '*yR\
Black Worsteds, neat stripes for l|r^"fS fe??^! •' ' ° IL^ *?
dress-up wear, at \«^W \^* w) jr
Saturday we sold 1500 pairs WA \ °^k .^P Wtt I \ Vf 1 fi| "'^Ny / ' \
of Men's Trousers, so you can I "*^ <> ft yw i*m "'» \°l\ r XfM j ° \
see what the people think of «jv Izi . \ ijlt\ \A fflHf A' \ r fWi x' I /
fll I Sirighl and Sarlu \f§ \ > \\\
*\\ f. • 71/ondai/ 7?fornin£f We have gone I through our 0- . 1^ ° t£) ="
■iik.# . AND ASTOW Ac big stock of Men Suits and *£r?r^
AJNU Ab LiUlNtj Ab _ Haven't ace enough to tell you what
! — : ■■" : '•- . . rpTTPVJT T TTnT n mTrr Selected Some 800 SUlts, all we have done for $10. This you can safely
iJlJiil LiLi HOLD OUT, j rely upon: There are suits that we nave
■ a nnnn vr > a-± 1.1 pretty Spring garments, Tweeds, ejected for this $10 ranse that are sold by .
Somft of our vptv flwpiip^t Some 2000 Men 8 Suits, blue " / fi-P9 ' V ' other stores in this town at $18 and $20 ; .
borne 01 our very swellest ..,,.•, I Scotches and those firm Rl»a events for dress-up occasions, for busi' .
English Cheviots, all wool fab- and black Cheviots, correctly ocolcnes > ana inose nne Blue ness wear; garments that win rank in the
.°;~'i. ■, ■ -i * i ■> ■ . «^/I T3I««V e~ o«, • , front place of high art tailoring, in fine
rics, in light and dark stripes: tailored garments: nothing is ana ■ black berge Cneviots ;! Blue and Black Worsted Series, exqui-
-11 c •  & ' & . i sitely tailored, One imported Bradford
ail new bpring patterns ; some Dre ttier for SDrinc wear than a clever garments, in either sin- ciay Worsteds, Cutaways, Single and
of thp «nmp fiViripq in mo lini F 1 ' 311^ 1 IVI w P Iu fa »>cui vuuu ** Double Breasted Sacks, full weight goods,
OI me Same laOriCS in medium blae or Wa< * Cheviot - g ' 6 or foible breasted Backs ' handsomely lined and trimmed, tailored
and dark shades. Trousers that b Cheviot. gie or aouDie Dreastea sacks, i n 8n up-to-date manner, pretty scotches,
are worth $5 of any one's Your choice from Single and also cutaways. ' y^ShtonSSiS^Sfcr^meniTuSti
t» ' • -»ri , n i i « i-ir^i . t» • • ■»«• i ' • your tailor wouldn't think of matting a •
money. Beginning Monday at Double Breasted Sacks at Beginning Monday at • suit like them under $40. a world of
§&M " pretty Suits Monday at
~~52.50~~ ~~55.00~~ -~57. 00~~ .:~*>s/0.00"
mi^^ • V\^f '} we merely mention a few items, but we've „ '
SBISIMSSi^* £}OUQ 9 one ro "y^ tne c "* tre house and have done
some pretty heavy cutting. *^j?
tobF "^ figP Jmwm Ohe •rrtsco C/Joys ml F^^T
Q 3 ]J /J ana 15 carny Street w *^^3sa^
WILL GAIN TEN HOURS.
Missouri Pacific to Kill Time
Between St. Louis and
San Francisco.
Western Railroad Managers to Meet
at Chicago and Consider Reduced
Rates for Parties.
ST. LOUIB, Mo., May 2.— ln order to
expedite the passenger business between
St. Louis, Southwestern Missouri, South
ern Kansas, Northern Kansas and
Nebraska points, a radical change in time
will take effect on the Missouri Pacific
Railway May 10. when two additional
trains will be operated between St. Louis
and Kansas City. The train now known
as the "Kansas and Nebraska limited"
will leave St. Louis at 8:10 p. m., arriving
at Kansas City at 4:10 a. m., and reaching
Omaha at 11:55 a. m., connecting with the
Union Pacific westbound train leaving
Omaha at 3 :30 P. M. for Denver and San
Francisco, reaching Pacific Coast points
ten hours quicker than by the present
time via Pueblo. A number of important
changes in east and west bound schedules
is made.
RAINED LAW WORKS WELL.
Aeu> Jork City Setted $1,000,000 the
Firat l>ay of Its OprratioiF!
NEW YORK, N. V., May 2.— The first
day's operation of the Raines law in the
city of New York netted a revenue of $1,
-000,000 from the liquor traffic. Of this
amount one-third must be turned into the
treasury of the State and two-thirds re
mains for tne city. Under tha former law
the receipts from licenses for a whole year
were only $1,71*0,000. The first week un
der the new law will bring receipts to ex
ceed that amount. All day there was a
line of applicants waiting an opportunity
to pay $800 for the privilege of doing busi
ness under the new law.
The Brooklyn excise office receipts for
Thursday and Friday reached $435,000.
It was predicted that the Raines law
would reduce the number of saloons in
Brooklyn from 4500 to 2500. As a matter
of * ct over 1400 out of the 1700 whose li
censes expired Thursday niftM have ap
plied for renewals. It is calculated that
the number of saloon-keepers who will not
remain in the business will be about 800.
STOOD OFF THE WHITECAPS.
Jay Hitt Held the Fort Temporarily, but
His House Was Riddled With
Bullets.
MIDDLETOWN, N. V., May 2.— Jay
Hitt of Russellbrook has incurred the en
mity of whitecaps in that vicinity by liv
ing with a woman not his wife. They
called on him on Saturday night and put
a notice on his door reading: "You must
leave this vicinity bj Tuesday night, or
you will have trouble."
Hitt did not prepare to leave, but went
to Cook's Falls and purchased a rifle.
Tuesday night the wbitecaps went to his
place armed. They gathered about the
i ouse and demanded that he come out.
Hitt replied by raising a window in the
second story and appeared with the rifle.
He fired one shot in the air and ordered
them to go away.
The disguised young men fled in all
directions and took refupe behind trees
and fences. Hitt espied one more reckless
than the others creeping toward the house
and'fired. His bullet went wild, but it was
a signal for a fusillade of shots from the
whitecaps. One hundred shots were fired
in the next half hour. The whitecaps
finally exhausted their ammunition and
withdrew. No one was injured, but every
window in the house was broken and the
siding was full of holes. Hitt and the
woman fled yesterday.
A BUCKET-SHOP VICTORY.
Declared by a Chicago Judge to
Be as Legitimate as
Boards of Trade.
The Grand Jury Ignores the Decision
and Issues Another Batch
of Indictments.
CHICAGO, 111., May 2.— Judge Horton
to-day decided that bucket-shops are as
legitimate as the Board of Trade, and
quashed the eleven indictments against
William Skakel and ten others, charged
with being proprietors or employes in
bucket-shops.
"The Board of Trade does a wholesale
business in wheat dealing." said Judge
Horton, "and what are called the bucket
shops do a retail trade. There is absolutely
no difference in the method of operating,
and the statute which makes the Board of
Trade business legitimate does the same
for all dealers who conduct the same line
■of trade. While I believe personally that
it is all nothing but gambling, the law
allows it, and the courts are powrless."*
The remaining 400 cases against people
who have been indicted for the same
offense will be called up on Monday and
will be thrown out of court in the same
way.
The Grand Jury this afternoon Ignored
Judge horton's decis : on and issued 149
more indictments against proprietors of
bucket-shops.
Bricklayers' and Mason*' Strike.
PITTBFIELD, Mass.. May 2.— A1l the
local masons and bricklayers struck this
morning, demanding ten hour*' pay for a
nine-hour day.
dr. peers*
<iJiir^&s^t« »> TWO CURED WITH*
«^^^ ONE BELT.
ftj^—^' ;^ l^f^>^3 'SEATTLE, \\'A«!n.,
KPtSt^r^-w^^Jrt-fa October lit. 18!' S.
"^FT^^^^^hwN* Some time aso I Bought
•nW'-" /a\_/.>s one of your l.lectric Belts'
{- <Ca 1 " ' f " r Lame Hack, caused by .
J&r,£ trouble with my kidneys,'
f-v an.l in thr««<> days' time
the pain disappeared and has no: troubled ma
since. Your Bel» almost performed a miracle In
co rinse my 'complaint, for it was so bad before • I
wore the Belt thai I was laid up In the hospital
and could not wok.
After your Belt cored me I lent It to a friend.
anil tho Mama* H.-lt th.-it cured me cured .
him Him. 'I have recommended your Belt to
every one i could hear of who was sick, and shall
continue to do so her— for it is certainly a
great invention. Yours truly.
mAKCiS VICTOR WILBEIt.
JB9~For price list and fall particulars of dr.
PIKRCE'S wondi-hul Bells, call or write for free
•TamDhlot No. 2."
Addn?ss— Dil. PIKKCK * SOX, 704 Sac-
ramento street (cor. Kearoy), 2d, 3d and 4t&
floors, B AX i'UAM I>CO.
MEdanAGES
jJ^^^^^^^. Quickly, Thoronshly,
Jr d£sf Foreyer Cured.
j JS(>v Four out of five who •
M t \ \ suffer nervousness,
X M ?sjpt a 11 mental worry, attacks
I U^Sfe* «of " the bines," are tut
\ fMnY^isk l< P&rlng the penalty of ,
\^J\J^^J£S>V early o excesses. Vio-
_^r tims, reclaim year,
~^^ manhood, regain y ur .
vigor. Don't despair. Send for book v. Ith.-
-explanation and proofs, Mailed (sealed) f ee.
ERIE MEDICAL CO., Buffalo, N.Y.
34
FIERCE BATTLES
WITH SPANIARDS
Cuban Insurgents Often
Placed Upon Their
Mettle.
STUBBORN RESISTANCE.
Combined Artillery Firing and
Bayonet Charges Used to
Dislodge Them.
HEAVY REBEL LOSS REPORTED.
missionary Diaz Tells of Butcheries
Committed by Order of
Weyler.
HAVANA, Cuba, May 2.— lntelligence
has reached here of a fierce engagement
between six columns of Spanish troops
under General Suarez Inclan and the in
surgents under General Maceo near Cara
jicaras, south of Bahia Honda. The rebels
wer» well entrenched and had erected a
number of long forts, from behind which
they made a stubborn resistance.
General Inclan brought his artillery to
bear on the enemy, but notwithstanding
. this repeated bayonet charges were neces
sary to entirely dislodge the enemy. The
rebel Iqss is estimated at over 200. The
loss on the Spanish side was two lieuten
ants and fourteen soldiers killed and one
lieutenaiit-colone), two captains, one
major, two other officers and sixty soldiers
wounded!
The Spanish troops tinder Colonel Molina
had a desperate encounter with a force of
1500 rebels under Lacret, near Ceja de
Paolo, in the province of Santa Clara.
The fighting lasted two hours, at the end
of which the Spaniards succeeded in
capturiag the rebel camp. The loss on
the Spanish side consisted of one lieuten
ant and two soldiers killed and. four
soldiers wounded. The rebels are said to
have suffered a severe loss, asd it W3s
reported the rebel leadeis, Lacret, Vasquez,
Pancho and Perez were among the
wounded.
Gomez was last reported near Bolondron,
and is now a-ud to be japproaching the line
of Havana province.
The Bermuda is said to have landed
near Maya=L
JACKSONVILLE, Fla., May 2.— Rev.
Alberto Diaz, Southern Baptist missionary,
expelled from Cuba by Weyler, in a long
interview tells appalling stories of atroci
ties being committed by Spaniards. In
the last "two weeks in the rural districts of
. Sgh Miguel del Padron and Minas, Mr.
Diaz say-s Colonel Fondeville has had
more than 100 persons butchered and then
reported them to the outside world as hav
inc been killed in battle. Among those
killed were children 12 and 14 years of j
age. The victims were compelled to dig
their own graves before being shot.
Colonel Fondeville is one ol Weyler's
favorites and is acting under the captain
general's orders.
KEY WEST, Fla., May 2.— Passengers
by the steamer Mascotte to-night state
that it is officially reported in Havana
that only five prisoners were captured on
tbe schooner Competitor, Laborde, Dr.
Uedia : the correspondent of El Mosquito,
and two others who refuse to divulge:
their names. It is said the schooner had
made a landing and Laborde, who is sub-;
ject to epileptic fits, was overcome, and;
the gunboat coming upon them Dr. Bedia,
the correspondent, and the two others
stood by Laborde. Six men who were to
bring the schooner to this port jumped
overboard and were reported killed. The
reported killing of the six, however, is not
believed in Havana for the reason that no
dead bodies were brought to that port.
The troops captured only one wagonload
of ammunition.
The report of the explosion of dynamite
at the palace is confirmed by passengers
to-night. They state the shock was felt
all over the city and did considerable dam
age. It it reported that the explosive was
placed .in the palace by a Cuban and that
the officials . know him, but no arrests
have been made.
El Diado Ue Marina, organ of the Lib
eral party in Cuba, is reported to be in
trouble and threatened with suspension.
They have cabled the Liberal party in
Spain for protection. This trouble was
brought abont by publishing the true state
of affairs ae> they really exist in Cuba
to-day. '
MUNITIONS SAFELY LANDED
JVete* of the Success of the Bermuda's
': Expedition.
NEW YORK, N. V., May 2,-The Cuban
delegation to this city received a dispatch
this evening saying that the steamship
Bermuda, which left Jacksonville last
Monday, has landed a large quantity of
arms and ammunition and about ninety
men in Mulatto Bay, on the north coast of
the island in the province of Pinar del Rio.
The disiJatch says that the landing was
made on Thursday without difficulty. The
expedition was under command of Briga
dier-General Layto Vidal, a veteran of the
ten years', war. General Antonio Maceo's
men were expecting the Bermuda and
picked troops patrolled the coast to drive
off the Spaniards in case they should at
tempt to prevent the landing. Colonel
Eraelio Nunez superintended the loading
of the Bermuda and accompanied her to
Cuba.
It is said the Bermuda carried 1000 rifles,
500,000 cartridges, two Gatling guns, many
machetes and 1000 pounds of dynamite,
besides uniforms, rubber coats and medi
cines.
' A laree body of Maceo's men greeted
the expedition in Mulatto Bay and as
sisted in landing the munitions.
BERLIN'S ART CELEBRATION.
JTtnperor William Makes a Speech and
Heitotct Itecaration*.
BERLIN, Germany. May 2.— The bien
nial celebration of the Berlin Academy of
Arts was, held to-day in the. museum and
rotunda of tho Academy building. The
grand staircase leading from the Lust
garten was lined with banners, and this,
together with tbe other decorations and
the large and distinguished gathering,
made the scene very impressive. The
students were attired in their brightest
costumes,, and the senators ol the academy
in claret-colored velvet robes.
All of tbe Ministers and foreign diplo
mats were present. Trince' Leopold of
Hohenzollern led the Empress into the
rotunda, followed by the Emperor, who
read a speech, in which he said that his
heart rejoiced to celebrate the anniversary
of the founding of the academy. He was
deeply thankful that the academy had
been founded by his ancestor, and would
always nurse the sacred flame of high
idealism. "My mother," he said, "charged
me to thank you." '
A number "of persons were decorated
upon the occasion, including Herr Jo
achim, the German violinist, and Charles
Werner, the painter.
CAPTAIN LOTHAIR ACQUITTED.
Justified in the Execution of Stoke*, the
English Trader.
BRUSSELS, Belgium, May 2.— lt is
officially announced that Captain Lothair,
who has been on trial in Eoma for having
executed the English ttader, Btokes, be
cause of his intimacy with the natives, to
whom he was alleged to have sold arms,
ammunition, etc., has been acquitted.
Captain Lothair's defense was that
Stokes was allied with Cnief Kibonghi,
who was warring against the Congo State,
and he was therefore tried and executed
in accordance with the law for provoking
civil war. Witnesses for Captain Lothair
testified that Stokes' party plundered
wherever they went. Upon the con
clusion of the defending counsel's speech
the Public Prosecutor withdrew irotn the
prosecution, whereupon Captain Lothair
was immediately set at liberty.
The Czarotritz Rapidly Sinking.
LONDON, Eko., May 2.— News from
Russia shows that there is no hope of the
recovery of the Czarowitz, brother of the
Czar, who is suffering from consumption.
As his death may occur before the corona
nation of the Czar, his Majesty has di
rected that the arrangements for the cere
mony at Moscow be limited to the reli
gious service. If the imperial family is
compelled to go into mourninc before tbe
coronation, all the fetes and most of the
public programme will be canceled.
Monterey's First Husinea* Failure.
MONTEREY, Mex., May 2.— The first
business failure in the history of this city
lias just been officially announced, the
firm being C. B. Woods <fe Co., the largest
.flour-millers in Mexico. The liabilities
are $105,000 and the assets, consisting of
the mill and a large stock of wheat and
corn, amount to $90,000. A number of
grain men in the United States are amonc
the creditors. The business will probably
be conducted by the Mexican creditors.
SCOTT JACKSON'S TRIAL.
Evidence Introduced for the Defense of
the Alleged Murderer.
CINCINNATI, Ohio, May 2.— David R.
Locke resumed the stand in the Jackson
trial this morning and testified further as
to the blood on the farm of his brother,
where the headless .body of Pearl Bryan
was found. Under cross-examination he
said two or three persons could have gone
to the place without leaving any tracks
at all.
Attorneys Andrews and Sheppard of
Hamilton, Ohio, testified that Allen John
son, the colored porter at Wallingford's
saloon, said to tnem that he did not know
what evening it was that Jackson and
Walling were in the saloon with ■ Pearl
Bryan and that he did not see them go
iout as he was in the front room at the
jtime.
i Several depositions reflecting on the
reputation of George H. Jackson, the
icolored coachman, were read.
: Mrs. Edwin Post, the sister of Scott
Jackson, testified to the effect that the
firisoner's reputation in Greencastle, prior
o his arrest, was good.
•Miss Ruth Gottlieb, a newspaper re
porter, described the scene where the body
was found. The witness said she wore
new rubbers.
Miss McNevin of the Ninth-street house
where Jackson and Walling roomed Baid
Jackson was in his room Friday nieht, at
least until 12 or 12:30, as she did not retire
until that time.
There was a livery tilt between counsel
at trie afternoon session. Colonel Nelson,
the Prosecuting Attorney made a remark
reflecting on Colonel Crawford, who said:
"I want 10 know what the gentleman
means, for I intend to hold him person
ally responsible before he leaves this court
room." For this threat ho was fined $25
for contempt.
Miss Rose McNevin was cross-examined
by Colonel Nelson, but she stuck to her
story that Scott Jackson was positively in
his room as late as 12:30 o'clock Friday
ninht. Depositions were read from John
H. Morrison, dentist; Alva P. Brockway ;
Thomas E. Darnell, Deputy County Clerk;
and J. \V. Groom, all ot Greenca?tle, Ind.,
to the effect that Jackson had a good repu
tation in that place.
Court then adjourned until Monday.
PARADED AND TALKED.
Mayday Demonstration of the Socialist
Labor Party.
NEW YORK, N. V., May 2.— The So
cialist Labor party followers in this city,
to the number of about 10,000, made their
annual Mayday demonstration in Union
square this evening. All the associations
connected with the Central Labor Fed
eration met at Labor Lyceum, on East
Fourth screet, about 7 o'clock, and
marched with bands, red flags, torches
and transparencies through several East
Side streets and Second avenue to Union
square.
Among the paraders were several hun
dred women, who were cheered along the
route Only three or four American flags
appeared in the parade and at some points
were hissed.
The speaking began soon after 9 o'clock.
A central stand and four trucks served as
platforms. Patrick J. Murphy of the
Central Labor Union presided at the
central stand, where speeches were made
by Charles Wilson, Lucien Semal, Abra
ham Cahn, Isaac Bennett, Miss Marie
Brickman and Howard Balcom.
All the speakers urged Socialists all over
the world to stand together until the red
flag should wave over every capital in the
world. Resolutions embodying that idea
were adopted with a hurrah. From the
trucks speeches were made by several men
to Germans, Hebrews, nnd Italians.
COLLAPSE OF THE CLUB
Close of the 3lost Famous Mecca for
Pug* in th« Country.
NEW ORLEANS, La., May 2. — The
Olympic Club, which was at one time the
greatest athletic and pugilistic organiza
tion In the country, will soon be a thing of
the past. It has been unable to stand the
tide of adversity. Tbe club's furniture,
arena and all of Us belongings will be sold
at Sheriff's sale in a week or so.
In the Olympic arena Bob f itzsimmons
got his first start by defeating Jack Demp
sey, the "Nonpareil," for the middle
weight championship in thirteen rounds.
It was in the Olympic's arena that the
great champiou, John L. Sullivan, was
laid low by James J. Corbett. In its arena
also occurred the longest fight on record.
It lasted 110 rounds and ended in a draw.
The contestants were Andy Bowen and
Jack burke.
The law against prize-fighting first
started the club on its downward course.
It went from bad to worse and finally was«
knocked out by inability to pay its debts.
Cleveland's Electric Streetcar Strike.
CLEVELAND, Ohio, May 2.— The strike
among the employes of the Cleveland
electric street railroad, which threatens
to cover the entire line, was precipimted
by the refusal of tbe company to allow the
firemen to work on the eight-hour plan.
Since tbe strike began all lines have been
run irregularly, but the traffic has not
been stopped. Twelve detectives guard
the power-house.
Coutmauder Tucl:er Coming.
NEW YORK, N. V., May 2.— This even
ing Commander Booth-Tucke of the Salva
tion Array left for California. He goes
there for his wife, who will return to New
York with him.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY 3, 1896.
BERKELEY'S TEAM
BEATS STANFORD
Blue and Gold Victorious in
the Second Game of
Baseball.
WINS FROM THE START.
Palo Altoans Throw Wildly and
Let In Many Unearned
Runs.
SCORE THIRTEEN TO THREE.
Good Team Work and Heavy Batting
Tell in California's
Favor.
Berkeley!. O 14 0 0 4 3 1 o—l3
Stanford! 1 O 0 O O O 2 O 0— 3
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Cal., May
2.— Stanford met with a most decisive de
feat in the second intercollegiate baseball
game with Berkeley thia afternoon. The
cardinal wearers were Bimply outplayed,
and Berkeley's nine established the fact
that Stanford will have to wake up or she
is bound to lose the championship this
year, for the first time in her history.
Captain McLaine pitched a weak game for
Stanford, and was easily found by the
Berkeley batters, who hit him hard and
often. Heretofore McLaine has been con
sidered invincible when in form, but if
such is actually the case he must have
been out of condition to-day.
On the other hand Morden pitched a
strong game for Berkeley. He was effect
ive at critical stages of ttie game and
played good ball from the beginning to
the end. Some of the over-anxious Stan
ford "rooters" carried their "joshing" to
an unnecessary degree in the hope of
rattling the Berkeley nine, but thn visitors
stood it without murmuring. This at
tempt to rattle Berkeley players on the
part of some Stanford supporters was un
sportsmanlike andis regretted by a major
ity of the students. At one period of the
game it looked as though the jeering was
to result in stopping the play, but a better
humor soon prevailed and the game pro
ceeded.
Berkeley certainly has a strong aggrega
tion of players and the final game which
is to decide the championship should be a
most interesting match. It is to be
played at San Jose on Stanford day— May
B— during the rose carnival.
A large crowd of students wera on hand
to see the game— probably not less than
500. The chief features of the play were
the excellent fielding of Berkeley and the
heavy hitting of Hoag and Era*. For
Stanford, Jeffs catching and Sharp's all
round work were the noticeable incidents
of the contest.
Berkeley was first at bat, but failed to
jret a man as far as third, though three
men eot as far as second. In her half
Stanford put one man across the plate.
Taylor got first on balls, stole second ana
third on wild throws and came in on
Harris 1 safety. Harris was caught out on
second and Young suffered a like fate.
Berkeley succeeded in getting her first
man across the plate in the second. Stan
ford (ailed to make connections in her
half, and then the fireworks began. Berke
ley enjoyed the same fortune that Stan
ford did last Saturday— she played a team
which was "rattled" and threw wildly.
Three long safe hits were made in succes
sion and Krug, on a hit which would have
ordinarily meant but one bag, brought in
three men and came in himself before the
wild throwing: of the Stanford players
ceased.
Stanford and Berkeley then kept each
other down until the sixth inning, when
Berkeley's luck returned, netting her four
more runs and Stanford began to get dis
couraged. Good playing and a streak of
long hits were responsible for the score in
this innins, though both Young and
Sharp for Stanford by their wild throws
augmented the total. Wheeler, Hennes
sey and Krug were the Berkeley batters in
this inning, and the score stood 9 to 1 in
favor of the visitors.
Stanford stock rose a little in the last
half of the seventh. McLaine took his base
on balls, stole second, and came in on
Taylor's hit; while Taylor scored on Har
ris' two-bagger. Young and Sharp both
flew out. »
• It was just a question now of how many
runs Berkeley would pile up. Three more
tallies were credited to her in the seventh,
while Stanford could do nothing ap^
parently to turn the tide.
Berkeley scored again, and for the last
time in the eighth, and Stanford was un
able to score at all in her remaining in
nings. The score ended 13 to Bin favor of
Berkeley. _.'.";.
Following Is the score:
T, CALIFORNIA!. A.B. H. B.H. S.B. P.O. A. K.
Bach elder, r. 1 6 10 0 0 0 0
Wheeler.c 6 2 3 2 4 3 0
Ilenpssey, lb 5 2 2 0 13 1 o
Klston,2b 6 13 1 2 6 0
McLaren, a. a. 3 10 0 2 i 0
Krug,3b » a S '• 0 i ]
Hong, 1. f- 4 2 112 0 0
Proctor, cf.. ...... 6 12 0 4 0 0
Morten, p 3 100030
Totals 42 13 14 4 27 15 0
STANFOBDB. A.B. B. B.H. 8.8. P.O. A. K.
Taylor, s.! 3 3 112 11
Jeffs, c 3 0 0 0 6 0 2
If arris, 2b....; 4 0 10 4 3 2
Young, lb 4 0 1 0 8 O
Sharp. 3b 4 0 10 2 3 0
Thompson, r. t 3 0 0 0 10 0
Stanbury, !. f 2 0 0 12 0 0
Freeman, c. f 8 0 0 0 10 0
McLaine, p 2 10 114 0
Totals 28 3 4 3 27 11 8
Earned runs-University of California 8, Stan
fortis 'Z. Base ou balls— Off Morden 4, off McLaine
4. Two-base hits— Henessey, Froctor. Three-base
hit— Krug. Passed ball— Wheeler 1. Strucit out—
By Morden 4, by McLaine 4. Left on basrs— I'nl
versity ot California 7, Stanford* 2. Umpire-
Charles Uagus.
Itnseball at Jttdxrood City.
REDWOOD CITY, Cal., May 2.— The
baseball game to-day between the Menlo
Park and Redwood City teams resulted in
a tie— score 9to 9. The question of supe
riority will probably be settled by another
gßme.
RAWEAD RIVER WATER SUITS
Contempt Proceedings Against Twenty'
, J-'ive Persons .. Dismissed.
VIBALIA, Cal., May 2.— ln the con
tempt proceeding growing out of the case
of the Farmers' Ditch Company against the
Eaweah and Mill Creek Water Company
et al., in which about twenty-five persons
were cited on the affidavit of George D.
Bliss and others to appear and show cause
why they shonld not oe punished for con
tempt for violating the injunction of the
court against putting in a dam across the
head of Deer Creek, the Superior Court
has been nearing evidence since last Tues
day. To-day at the conclusion of the
hearing all the persons who were cited to
appear were discharged by Judge Cross, as
all the complainants failed to establish
their charges.
TACOMA WARFARE.
Poticamen Place Commissioner Doherty in
Office in Defiance of the Sheriffs
Force.
TACOMA, Wash., May 2.— Mayor Paw
cett's new appointee, Thomas Doherty,
Board of Public Works Commissioner,
who has been denied his right of posses
sion through an injunction secured in
Judge Btallcup's court, got possession of
his office to-day after a conflict between
the Sheriff's forces and the police.
Mullen, the Republican occupant, last
evening requested Bherlff Parker to
deputize a few men to protect his office,
which request was granted. This morn
ing the Chiff of Police apDeared and in
formed Sheriff Parker that if the latter
would ieave the room and take his men
with him he would clear the room of
stragglers and leave the office just as it
was found. This the Sheriff agreed to and
withdrew his men.
He bad no sooner disappeared than the
Chief of Police and his officers rushed in
and forcibly eiected Mullen. Sheriff Parker,
hearing of this, returned with his men,
and a pitched battle seemed imminent,
but the Sheriffs deputies were hustled out
of the hall and Doherty took the office for
which he has been fightine for thirty days.
Shortly afterward the Chief of Police was
arrested and charged with assault.
PUGET SOUND QOARANTINE
Officials Guarding Against an Invasion
of the Black Plague.
PORT TOWNSEND, Wash., May 2.—
Dr. W. G. Btiinpson, United States Quar
antine Officer for this district, to-day re
ceived instructions from Washington to
fumigate all baggage brought to Puget
Sound hereafter on vessels coming from
China.
This is because of tbe spread of the black
plague throxiKhout Chinese provinces.
Tramp vesseis from China will be taken to
the Diamond point quarantine station, but
regular steamers will be detained only
long enough to have their baggage trans
ferred to the station for fumigation.
THE NEWS OF SAN JOSE
Expert Halsey's Charges Against
Four County Supervisors
Dismissed.
Scored by the Court for Filing Accu
sations Maliciously— Burglars
Loot a Residence.
BAN JOBE, Cal., May 2.— Judges Rey
nolds and Lorigan, sitting in bane to-day,
dismissed the accusations filed against
Supervisors A. Greeninger, 8. F. Ayer,
George E. Rea and John Roll by Edward
Halsey.
Halsey was employed as expert by the
last Grand Jnry, and, it is claimed by the
accused, that because the board refused to
allow a bill for work other than that of
expert, he sought to have the defendants
removed from office for neglect of duties
and fined $500 each, which, he claimed,
should go to the informer. Supervisor
Selby, who had moved that Halsey's claim
be paid, was not mentioned in the com
plaint.
The court upheld the Supervisors in all
the acts mentioned in the complaint, and
ordered the charges dismissed for lack of
grounds. Halsey was also scored at length
for making such charges through malice.
Oliver Iteauliru Dead.
SAN JOSE, Cal., May 2.— Oliver Beau
lieu, an old resident of this valley, died at
his home on Lincoln avenue in the Wil
lows to-day. He was a native of Canada
and 86 years of age. Several grown chil
dren survive him.
Looted by Burglars,
SAN JOSE, Cal., May 2.— The residence
of Louis Lumbardo in the Willows was
looted by burglars last night. A gold
watch, a shotgun and $24 in coin were
taken.
THE PORTLAND SMUGGLERS.
Fraudulent Certificates Sent to China and
Sold to Coolies Desiring to Enter
This Country.
PORTLAND, Or., May 2.— "lt's the old
story of the pitcher going to the well once
too often," said a prominent customs
official to-day when questioned as to the
arrest of Swope, Dement and Dolan, the
men charged with conspiracy against the
United States in having aided in the illegal
landing of Chinese in this country.
"Swope I have considerable sympathy
for," he continued, "but as to tue other
two men the Government proposes to
rigidly prosecute both, it possessing evi
dence in abundance to show their guilt—
particularly so with Dolan. It can be
proved that since arriving in Portland he
lias had no really legitimate employment
aside from some Front-street commission
transactions, and has existed by just such
methods as contained in the °*orking
through the Custom-house of these
Cnihese.
"Dement has a sort of position as an
Oriental poll-tax collector and occasion
ally serves as Japanese interpreter, but
the affidavits of the witnesses employed
by the combine show him to be equally
guilty with Dolan. Swope has acted more
as a go-between than anything else, his
connection with the Custom-house having
given him a large acquaintance with the
Chinese merchants of this city, which was
of value in locating the agents of the ap
plicants for landing.
"The scheme worked is exactly the
same as in the case in which Nat Blum
turned State's evidence and testified
against Mulkey, Dunbar, Lotan and others
two years ago. The fraudulent certificates
were made out here, taken to China and
there sold, with the understanding and
guarantee that on the arrival of the pur
chaser in Portland the coolie would be
supplied with witnesses to identify him
and also be coached as to what statements
and answers he should make in the ex-
B?ack atl ° n before c °l lector ol Customs
*'V.V. Hitter, the advertising solicitor
who has been actin X as a witness in these
illegal landing cases, will likely prove n c
moat important for the Government's evi
dence, as I understand he has made a
clean breast of the entire business to
Ireasury Agent Chappelle, who, with
Marshal Grady and Assistant Attorney
Schnabel. worked up the case. Lindsley,
the other man, who was accustomed to
depend on tbe arrival of the steamer
bignal with her load of Chinese to make
money with which to pay his board bill,
i.t a Government witness.
"These men have preserved and turned
over to the Government the slips of pacer,
which, when hurriedly called on to testify
in identification of some Chinaman at the
Custom-house and knowing nothing of
the man, they were accustomed to paste
in their hats, thus giving them a full his
tory ready at hand of the person seeking
landing.' r b
fire «( Jiedurood City.
REDWOOD CITY, Cal., itay 2.— The
residence of L. 8. Twombly on Btambaußfa
street was destroyed by tire at 3 o'clock
this morning. Little furniture was saved.
PROBING THE LOS
ANGELES FRAUDS
New Evidence of Crime in
Aid of the Southern
Pacific.
THREE LATE AFFIDAVITS
A Trio of Morris' Agents Swear
That They Forged Names
to Petitions.
SANTA MONICA'S BOGUS BOOM.
Testimony of the Forgers Dispatched
to Washington in Charge of
T. E. Gibbon.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., May 2.— The more
the frauds in gathering names for the
Santa Monica petitions are probed the
more offensive is the odor they give forth.
As the matter stands now, there will not
be one name in a dozen that will prove to
be the signature of any one but mythical
personages, existing only in the imagina
tions of the unscrupulous men who did
the work.
This morning the Free Harbor League
agents secured three more affidavits from
men who aided in the fraud. F. McGov
ern, a waiter, swears that at the request of
E. D. Morris he signed nine names to the
Southern Pacific petition. W. P. Parker,
a painter, makes affidavit that he wrote
twenty of the fraudulent signatures. A.
Mcßain swears that he wrote fifteen of
them. ■
These forged signatures have been used
by Collis P. Huntington and his agents in
an Attempt to make Congress believe that
they represented the wishes of the people
of Los Angeles.
Hon. T. E. Gibbon, vice-president of the
Los Angeles Terminal Railway and a
member of the Free Harbor League, left
here for Washington this morning with
his pockets bulging with documentary evi
dence calculated to convict the Santa
Monica boomers of this villainy. It is ex
pected that he will reach Washington be
fore the final consideration of the harbor
question.
LA FORTON`S BIG FIELDS
A. Mine ■ if tar Xuma Which CaiUaitkm
Million* in free Goldl
LOS ANQELEB, Cal., May 2.— A. M.
Brunswick and F. M. Weaver have re
turned from a trip to the Colorado River
country. During their absence they vis
ited La Fortuna mine of free gold, recently
discovered.
This wonderful claim is located twenty
eight miles east of Yuma, and though all
the mines in the district are refractory it
is a remarkable body of free gold quartz.
It is the property ol Charles Lane of San
Francisco.
The mine is now being equipped with a
twenty-stamp mill, which willbe running
in a few days. The works will be supplied
with water from a 300-foot well, the water
to be piped sixteen miles at an expense of
$60,000. Nearly 100 men are employed. At
200 feet there is a six-foot ledge yieldinc
$150 to the ton. The whole averages $75.
The owners claim to have $2,000,000 worth
of ore in sight and that $1,000,000 will be
turned oul monthly after the mill is run
ning. Little work is being done in the
neighborhood now, but the shipments
from La Fortuna will probably cause a
rush that way.
BIS HONOR WAS SHOCKED.
Ordered a Work of A.rt Removed From
the Courtroom.
LOS ANGELE3, Cal., May 2.— "Take
the things oat of here !" exclaimed Judge
Shaw thia morning, and oteying this direc
tion two deputies lagged away a big oil
paintine, which the papers in the case of
Nellie Cummings vs. Constable Yonkin
described as being "a study in nude '
The figure was that of a reclining woman
young and pretty, but clad in the garb of
Eve.
Some time ago James E. Wool procured
a judgment against Miss Cammings for
$33- Pursuant to an exeoution Constable
Yonkin levied upon this picture. Miss
Cummings filed notice with him that the
painting was by her own hand, for her own
use, and not intended to sell. As such it
was claimed to be exempt from execution.
The picture was found hanging on the
wall of a saloon, which appears to have
been the use to which Miss Cummingr put
it. Miss Cummings claimed that the value
of the painting was $400, and, with a cruel
thrust at all artistic instinct, the attorney
on the other side appraised it at $10.
Whether or not the picture is exempt is
a point which Judge Shaw is holding un
der advisement.
PATRIOTIC ALASKA REDS
Metlakatla Indians Petition for
the Establishment of a
Postoffice.
Live in a Village That Has Water
works and an Electric-Light
System.
SEATTLE, Wash., May 2.— Patriotic
Indians living in the extreme southern
part of Alaska have made an application
to Postmaster Meen of this city for a
branch postotuce. The application is in
the form of a letter from Joseph Hamblet
of the Metlakatla tribe, who wrote to his
sister, Miss Alice Bell Hamblet of this city,
asking her to see Postmaster Meen. Miss
Hamblet is a teacher of elocution at the
Acme Business College. While her father
is of the Caucasian race her mother is a
full-blooded Metlakatla and the queen of
that tribe, and she believes in educating
her people.
The letter received by Miss Hamblet
breathes a poetic fervor strange to the
people to which Joseph Hamblet belongs,
and gives some interesting information
about them. He says the town they live
in has 800 inhabitants. They have just
completed Dlanking the sidewalks and
water works and electric-light works will
soon be finished. A new church is also
nearly completed.
"We have left British rule," he says,
"as our forefathers have done before us,
and settled here on the American side, in
that great, broad-minded land of freedom,
education, personal liberties and social
equality."
The writer states that liquor is prohibi
ted by the tribe; that lighting and cruelties
are things of the past, and that all they
desire to make them feel that they are
full-fledged American citizens of the
United States Is a postoffice. Miss Ham
blet expects to have her people sign a
petition, which will be forwarded to Sena
tor Squires.
ARRAIGNED AT SO NOR A.
J. T. Newcomer Held for the Killing of
Colonel Dorsey, His Mining
Partner.
80N0RA, Cal., May 2.— The preliminary
examination of J. T. Newcomer for the
killing of Caleb T. Dorsey near Columbia
two weeks ago, was held before Justice W.
S. Cooper to-day. Judee James L. Robin
son and J. B. Curtin Esq., appeared for
Newcomer and District Attorney F. P. Otis
and F. W. Street for the people.
The testimony was substantially the
same as given before the Coroner's jury.
"Witness S. E. Bateman when cross
examined by Judge Robinson became very
absent-minded as to his past history.
Nothing of special note was brought out.
Newcomer, under instructions of hie
counsel, declined to testify. He was held
to appear before the Superior Court on a
charge of murder.
REMHOLDT COUNTY`S TRADE.
San Francisco Wholesalers Can Cut Out
the Portland Jobbers.
ARCATA, Cal., May 2.— An effort is
being made throughout Rumboldt County
by prominent citizens to secure the co
operation of the San Francisco merchants
and business organizations to accomplish
the connection of Eureka with San Fran
cisco by long-distance telephone. The ne
cessity lor this is imperative, if San Fran
cisco merchants wish to hold Eureka and
other towns' in this county against the in
roads of Portland jobbers. Hundreds of
tons of merchandise are constantly arriv
ing from Portland. The cap to be closed
does not exceed ninety miles, and a long
distance line would bring into direct com
munication with San Francisco 300 tele
phones in Humholdt county alone, besides
many in Mendocino.
Suicide at Phoenix.
PHCENIX, Ariz., May 2.— L. J. Wood,
City Assessor and a prominent Republi
can politician, committed suicide at 6
o'clock thia evening by firing a bullet
through his .brain. The deed was com
mitted in his residence. No reason for the
act can be ascertained, but his accounts
with the city will be examined. He leaves
a widow and one child.
a ant a Barbara Mourns.
SANTA BARBARA, Cal., May 2.— Miss
Teresa Dibblee, the eldest daughter of the
ltxte Thomas Bloodgood Dibblee, died in
this city of consumption this morning.
Miss Dibblee was one of the three charm
ing Dibblee sisters, .who were almost as
well known in San Francisco society as in
Santa Barbara. She was a h'phly cul
tured and accomplished young lady.
CONVICTED AT CARSON.
John T. Jones Found Guilty of
Stealing Bullion From
the Mint.
Almost Collapses When the Verdict
Sending Him to the Peniten
tiary Is Read.
CARSON, Nev., May 2.— John T. Jones,
charged with stealing bullion from the
United States Mint in this city, stands
convicted. When Foreman Williams arose
and handed in the verdict at 4 o'clock this
afternoon a deathly pallor came over the
face of Jones. He had pinned his faitii on
several young men on the jury who he
thought would be for him. When the
word was pronounced that settled his fate
his head dropped, but he soon braced up
and started with the Marshal to the jail.
As Jones passed along the street crowds
gathered, full of curiosity. As he met ac
quaintances he nodded, but tears were in
his eyes and his face was grave. Inside
the jail Marshal Humphrey searched him
for weapons or poison, as he had said that
if convicted he would commit suicide.
It is considered almost certain that ar
rests will follow this week of persons in
volved by James Heney's confession.
WILLIAM DEVENY,
31 Nortu Fourth Street, Portland, Or.
PORTLAND, OR., FEBRUARY 15.—
•*■ The word genial must have been dis-
covered after men had traveled much, seen
the world, looked over the various frailties
of human kind and touched the philoso-
pher's stone. Take William Devsny as an
example. I spent fully two hours with that
genial gentleman, and scarce knew the
time had flown so swiftly. He told me of
his travels, his hardships, the bright, the
dark side, and then he interested me most
when he spoke about California. "By the
way," said he, "California is just now
coming in for a great deal of praise, and I
must confess lam heartily triad to be able
to ©raise California also. You see, the
great Californian remedy, Joy's Vegetable
Sarsaparilla, has been introduced in Fort-
laud lately and many of our best families
are now using it. I used Joys' Vegetable
Sarsaparilla myself. I found it pleasing to
the taste and effective — yes, very effective.
I was not in a dying condition, of co urse
not, but I felt mean, all run down; or, to
use the proper word, I felt jaded. After
using one bottle of Joy's Vegetable Sarsa-
parilla I felt so much better that I ordered
another bottle, and the result is entirely
satisfactory. Ladies and gentlemen are
now using Joy's Vegetable Sarsaparilla,
and all that I know praise it It is a great
remedy. It works like a charm and does
not gripe. It cleanses the blood and yet
brings out no pimples. Certainly Joy's
Vegetable Sarsaparilla is a very agreeable
family remedy."
After leaving Mr. Deveny 1 talked with
several well-known ladies, and they all
agreed Joy's Vegetable Sarsaparilla was a
fine remedy. As I have before remarked,
one does not meet the substitute here.
There are no mean people here who wish
to offer something just as cood for the
home remedy— Joy's Vegetable Sarsapa-
rilla. HENRY TILL MAX.
NOTARY PUBLIC.
pHAKLES H- PHILLIPS, ATTORN EY-AT-
\J law and Notary Public, 638 Market at., oppo- '
pile Palace Hotel. Telephone 670. .Residence 1620 i
Fell sl Telephone. "Pine " 2591.
kevt to»pat: . _
dlctorjweany
No physician In the United States is so
thoroughly equipped and well prepared to
treat the sick and afflicted as this world-
renowned specialist, who is permanently
located at 737 Market street, San Francisco.
With a thorough literary and professional
education, and with extensive experience
in the practice of Nervous, Chronic and
Private diseases of both sexes, he cures
every curable case in the catalogue of
human ills. He addresses himself in par-
ticular to case 3 that have baffled the skill
and science of other doctors. His patients
are among the most intelligent citizens of
every trade and profession, including mer-
chant.:, manufacturers, mechanics, miners,
farmers, laborers, literary and professional
gentlemen, many of whom have exhausted
the skill of their family Dhysicians with-
out obtaining reli«f. .His name is a suffi-
cient guarantee of a perfect cure of every
case be undertakes. Consult Mm, either
in person or by letter, this day. A confi-
dential chat may save you much mental
and physical suffering and add golden
years to your life..
fl nIT \3 A l l Subject to fainting
ft ill" ft I spells, dizziness,
HllL I noises in the head,
""** * w ** palpitation of the
heart, heat flashes, numbness of the hands
or feet, or any other symptom indicating
a diseased heart or paralysis of the Brain?
■It fl" UAH Nervous and run
fl|iL YE I down, with thin
HllL II bloocl - palelips, drag-
""" ■ w^y ging pains about toe
loins, loss of your natural cheerfulness, aad
with melancholy thoughts and inclinations
to get up and run away ?
■ft f" l/AII Constipated and dys-
lIJL Wfl I peptic with headache,
Hli C J coated tongue, bad
""*" * ** w breath, pimples on
your face and back, and with a dull, languid
feeling in every part of your body?
ft n F %# Z\ 1 1 ' rhe victim of some
lUL fl I loathsome disease
H li L II which causes you to
"'"" ' w ** blush with shame
should your mother or your sister know
of it?
■n V" If Al l Troubled with a bad
nUL V I I blood disease which
H 11 l" I evprv now and then
■ ■«■»■ ■w w brea^ s out on differ .
ent parts of your body and makes your life
a perfect hell?
iflP If A l l The offspring of con-
liLJIb V 9 I sumptive parents,
H IB L J and is the fatal gift
'"" *ww left to you as a legacy?
■nr if All Troubled with pain
fIUL Yl l ]I in the back, night
Hrir Iy II losses, sediment in
■— — 2{- your urine, weakness
of your bladder or kidneys?
fl nr If Al | losing your mem-
1 1# b y | I orv and do y° u toss
rl 1 1 _ IU LI around in your bed
1 "* • * w ** and get up tired and
despondent and unrefreahed?
An r if m i Afflicted with a pre-
ft |k* &■ i ■ Sly mature 0 ? 9 of your
■ali L I H.-IU youthful vigor, weak-
..■ii. ' i n in ness of sexual organ?,
and are you a victim of the evil effects of
youthful follies and marital excesses? "•• •
■ lIP If Al l Happily married, or
II Ilk ■■ ¥ I lis there .some slight
f| li L lUU defect which tends
""" * ** Tto separate husband
and wife? . ""•!
a nP If HI! Afflicted with - dis-
II Mla Wai eas ed eyes, such as
HiESL 9 ILI inflammation of the
■ ■!■■■ Bwwy , ids or globes> d m .
ness of vision or blindness of one or both
eyes, ulceration, abscesses, tumors of. lid
or globe, cancer of lid or eyeball, paralysis
of nerves of eye, closing of .the eye duct,
squinting, cross eyes, sore eyes, feeling of
sand in the eyes, or pain on exposure •to
light? . ' ' - " ;:
mr M All Afflicted :' with ear
I! XI" I Bill troubles, such as in-
HII L 161 U nomination of the
<——m—mmmmmm— ears, Ukeration Or
catarrh, deafness or paralysis, singine or
roaring noises, thickened drum or • puru-
lent discharging from the «ye?
linr ii If A l l Afflicted with ; any
UKF" ¥ISB I chronic disease of the
Hill- lUU bead > heart ' throat,
■■— — — m^—m — ■ lungs, stomach, liver
or bowels? , •
flflP If All Afflicted with \ any
fl RI" WPili ease of the kid-
fllll> SOy neys or bladder, rup-
-■— —^— ture, piles, hemor-
rhoids, fistula, varicocele, hydrocele, swell-
ing or tenderness of glands?
If you are troubled with any of the above
symptoms, then, reader,
TARE TIME BY THE FORELOCK. <
Never put off a duty you owe to voursell
or another. Half the evils of life come
from things deferred. The time to see the
doctor is when you realize that you have
violated the laws of Nature. " Don't wait
lor the penalty to manifest itself. A little'
medicine now will do more than a whole
drugstore by and by. So come to Dr.
Sweany. at once, and in -sacred confidence
tell him all. , . . c,.
He will do more than help you keep your
secret. He will help you forget it.
Diseases fully cured soon cease to be even
matters of memory. •''■■■<: ■ ;*.„
• Don't confess to your family. It "will p.
only cause them shame and grief. / ?,
Don't tell your closest friend. Friend- '■
ships are not always lasting, and the
temptation to gossip is great.
'If you cannot come to San Francisco
write' Dr. Sweany fully and freely, with the
assurance' that your letter will be kept J
carefully concealed from curious eyes. . v o
Office hours— 9 A. M. to 12 M., 2to 5 and
7 to 8 P. M.
Address F. L. SWEANY, M.D., . ; .
737 Market Street, San Francisco, Cal.
THE ADMINISTRATOR'S SALE •
OF IHK
BREEDER AND SPORTSMAN
A ND all THE PROPERTY, CONSISTING OF
J\. Equipment, Good-will, Book Accounts, eta.,
connected with same, also the Stallion Memo, one
Bay Mare by Memo, one Chestnut Geldln? by Sid"
tinufdto 00 " HUth - wheel Sulkey, has be^n con-
WEDNESDAY, BAY 6, AT 1 O'CLOCK P. M.
JAMES ffKzltß^SMSlf* 10 ' °" h> "" t ' ° f
COSMOFOHTA3VT, '
Opposite; U.S. Mint, ■ 100 . and 103 Fifth st. San
Sfe r t C^ Co '** l^' 1 * 0 most select famuy hotel
the city. Board ana room, $1, $1 25 and fl 50 par
?fS' 7^?° v I ? ln «totooin.ftMeai3 26c. : KconVSoa "
?^> • ,^* y ' Frw » coacU w * n « Tom tbehoteu
Look for the coach bearing the name of the Co*
i mopoiuan Hotel. wi£ FAHEY. ProprietorSANTA ROSA'S .
FETE IS ENDED
Queen Laura's Reign Closes
With a Pyrotechnic
Display.
CIVIC RULE RESTORED.
Gallant Knights Participate in a
Tilting Tournament as a
Farewell Coup.
HER MAJESTY SEES THE RACES.
Wheelmen Spurred to Greater Efforts
by the Bravos From the
Hoyal Suite.
: SANTA ROSA, Cal., May 2.— The car
nival closed in a veritable blaze of glory
to-night. Teh thousand people gathered
around the courthouse square to witness
the fireworks display. The usual chorus
■ of "ahs" and. long drawn put expressions
of delight were not missing, for tbe exhi
bition was a creditable one and the spec
tators returned to their homes well pleased
with their evening's entertainment. There
were many .handsome and striking set
pieces, including a profile oif Queer. Laura,
an immense jumping Jack, a beautiful set
of revolving stars and many minor de
eigns. The exhibition lasted about an
hour and ended with tne usual letters of
fire bidding the audience good-night — and
Santa Rosa's carnival of 1596 was at an
end.
The clerk of the weather has been kind
to the end of the rose carnival. All day
it has been ideal May weather, with bright
sunshine and a warm breeze that was
scarcely strong enough to ruffle the leaves
of the roses.
Early in the morning people began pour-
Ing in front all parts of the country, as
well as from Napa County, ana the stream
of visitors continued for the greater part
of the day. ■ Many of these came from
Healdsburz, Cloverdale, Geyserville, Guer
neville, Sonoma, Forestville, Occidental,
Petal uma and other towns, which were
well represented by carriages, carts, bicycles
and even milk-wagons, while there were
numbers of bicyclists and horseback- riders.
The trains brou ght crowds of other people,
but Santa Rosa has been a city of vehicles
t6-day; the traffic on Fourth Btreet was
. continuous, and during the afternoon
when the buggies were thickest there was
one jam, in which a carriage containing
two ladies and several children narrowly
escaped being wrecked. Fortunately ah
accident was avoided by the prompt action
of the bystanders.
During tbe afternoon there was a sort of
unannounced dress-parade. Ladies of
Santa Rosa . with their friends and
visitors appeared on Fourth street arrayed
in all the gloty of crisp muslins, organdies
and silss. In. some cases the gowns worn
were almost as elegant as dinner dresses,
and the streets had dried up so well that a
few young ladies ventured out in white
and iigtu-tirued shoes to match their cos
tumes.
There was a certain amount of uncer
tainty about' the morning's proceedings.
A bicycie parade had been announced
around the courthouse, and a grand tourna
ment was to take place close at hand, on
Mendoono street. A large crowd assem bled
in the expectation of seeing both events
simultaneously, and the courthouse steps
and dome were thronged with people, who
rejoiced in having secured such a good
vantage ground. Pack's band, at the top
of the steps, played on, however, and in
the distance the Alesander Valley knights.,
in suit! of armor, could be seen moving
about on prancing steeds, bat the bi
cyclists tarried.
Just before noon there was a cry, "They
come," and all eyes were strained down
Fourth street, in the expectation of seeing
a long line of wheels gay with flowers and
carnival colors.
What people saw was from forty to fifty
wheelmen, without any attempt at deco
ration, so much as by a flower. In the
whole proces«ion there were three bicycles
which had been decorated and the only
one that elicited much admiring com
ments was that of a little boy.
It is understood that the putting off of
the bicycle parade until to-day on account
of the rain was the cause of the non ap
pearance of a procession of decorated
wheels.
The bicycle parade having proved some
thing of a disappointment the crowd
turned for comfort to the grand tourna
ment and found the balm it sought in ad
miring the dashing horsemanship of the
knights.
If the afternoon crowd had assembled
all at one point there would probably
have been a great jam, but the people di
vided themselves between the bicycle
races, the balloon ascension and the prom
enade on Fourth street, where they ad
mired the toilettes and the stores.
The bicycle races drew a large number of
spectators, but there were also about 2000
people assembled near tbe sr.hoolhouse" to
see the balloon ascend. At 3 o'clock the
balloon was loosed and sailed strai"ht
upward for about 600 feet, when it veered
east toward the mountains. At the height
of about 2000 feet tbe parachute descent
was made, fhe aeronaut sailing slowly
and safely to terra firrna amid loud ap
plause. After the descent the crowd dis
persed," and either joined the promenade
or went to the bicycle races.
AT THE CYCLING TRACK.
Exciting Race* Viewed .by 'Queen Laura
and Her Suit*.
SANTA ROSA, Cal., May 2.— The bicy
cle races attracted an immense crowd to
the new cycle track this afternoon.
Thursday's races were not . very well at
tended and on Friday the cycle events had
to be postponed on- account of the rain.
This being the last day and the i fact that
the Queen and her suite attended com
bined- with the bright sunny afternoon to
make the bicycle races a great drawing
card.
The track was not all that could be de
sired. It is a dirt track, three laps to the
mile, we'l constructed and properly
banked, but the late rains made the sur
face soft, and the heavy riders found it
hard goin<*. 81ow time was the rule in all
the races, and though the referee put easy
time limits on the scratch events, they
were often exceeded. The finishes,
though, were all fast and excitinp, due as
much aa anything to the high class of the
raciner men. Many of the crack riders of
the United States" had been attracted to
the meet by the valuable prizes offered
and the fact that it was a National circuit
event.
The management of the bicycle races
was in the hands of the Santa Rosa
Wheelmen, and they did their part well,
everything passine* off smoothly. The
officials were nearly all from San Fran
cisco clubs, and with such men as Referee
rlummer. Starter Lennie and Announcer
Knapp, there was never a slip or a hitch.
The day's racing opened with a two
thirds mile scratch, professional, divided
into four heats and a final. Referee
Plummer placed a time limit on the race
of 1:50.
The heats were won as follows: First,
J. M.Campbell, Spokane, time 1:48 3-5;
second, W. F. Foster, Olympic, 1:52 2-5;
third, R. L. Long, Bay City, won but the
heat was declared no race, being outside
the time limit; fourth, Eli Winsett of
Oiympia, Wash., time l:5o. The third
heat was run over, resulting in Long again
winning in 1:57, which was again decided
"no race" and »he men were declared out.
This leit Campbell, Davis. Foster and
Winsett for the final heat. The time limit
was placed at 1 :5.">.
They loafed their first lap, but enlivened
the pace on the second and sprinted for
home on the last half, Campbell winning
easily from Winsett, Foster being third.
The time was 1:56 45, and the referee
again declared it was "no race," and that
the men would thsrefore not receive their
prizes. This decision had the effect of
making the riders do their bwst in the other
races, and the desired end of preventing
loafing races was reached.
The two-thirds mile scratch, amateur,
was divided into four trial heats and a
final. The riders who qualified in their
heats for the final were: Fuller (Olympic),
Bates and Mott (Reliance), and Downing
(Garden City).
They made it a pretty race and finish,
and it looked like Fuller's race on the back
stretch, but Downing had him well in
hand, and would have won had his feet
not slipped from the pedals near the tape.
Mott came fast on the inside, and won in
1:454-5; Bates second.
The one-mile scratch, professional, was
run in four heats ana a final. W. J. Evans
of Lansing, Mich., won handily the first
in 2:56 4-5; Parker of Detroit second. The
nt*xt heat went to Wilbur Edwards of San
Jose in 2:53 3-5. W. A. Terrill of the Bay
City Club was second. The third heat was
run by W. F. Foster, Olympic Wheelmen,
and Oscar Osen, Olympic Cyclers,
They finished close in the order named
in 2:45, much to the joy of the wheelmen
and the corresponding depression of the
Cyclers. Long (Bay City). Stayer (Port
land), Jones and Edwards (Olympic) rode
the lourth heat. Jones won in 3:05, but it
was declared no race, being too slow.
This brought Evans. Edwards, Foster and
Osen into the nnal. This was one of the
prettiest races of the day. Tbe men came
down the stretch at a tiying rate of speed,
Edwards winning; in 2:52 3-5, Foster sec
ond, Evans third.
The result of this race was somewhat of
a surprise to the Olympians, who have al
ways felt that Walter Foster was a faster
man than Wilbur Edwards. The latter is
in splendid form now, however, and can
hold his own with any of them.
The one mile handicap, amateur, was
run in three heats and a nnal, ten in each
heat. The first heat was a series of acci
dents. Mott and Carroll fell on the first
lap, but remounted and Mott caught the
bunch again. Raynaud fell on the turn
into the homestretch, but was unhurt.
Noonan, Bates and Cook finished in the
order named; time 2:53 4-5. George Fuller,
Olympic, won the second heat from 35
yards in 2:49 3-5; Delmas second, Ham
mond third.
The third beat went to George Felix,
Santa Rosa; H. Noonan, Santa Rosa, and
J. A. Code, Olympic, in that order. Felix's
time was 2:422-5 from 45 yards. In the
final the starters were Bates, Fuller, Ham
mond, Ben Noonan, Cook, Felix, Code and
H. Noonan. Code had 200 yards handicap
and was never headed, winning in 2:44 2-5,
Delmas, Garden City, second, Bates, Re
liance, third.
The one-mile Sonoma County champion
ship was a pretty race and the Nounan
brothers of Santa Rosa finished almost a
tie. Chester Armstrong was third. Time,
3:03.
There were fourteen starters in the one
mile handicap, professional, and they
comprised as fast a set of riders as coald
be found anywhere. The men were sepa
rated between the scratch mark and 110
yards, and when they became bunched on
the second lap it was a very pretty sight.
Winsett and Picsard fell on the second
lap but were unhurt. Parker of Detroit
won from 70 yards in 2:34, barely beating
Edwards and Jones, both Olympics.
The referee decided to allow the two
thirds mile professional final heat to be
run over, the starters being Campbell,
Davis, Foster and Winsett. Allan Jones
was put in as a pacemaker, the under
standing being that he was to pace the en
tire distance and be given a prize if be
finished first, second or third, as provided
in the new league racing rules. Jones
seemed to like his position, for h« set a
hot pace from the start. In the sprint for
home Foster won by inches from Camp
bell. Davis was third. Time, 1 :46 2-5.
Following is the summary :
Two-thirds mile scratch, professional: First
heat— J. M. Campbell, Spokane, first; C. ' L.
Davis, Olympic, second. Time, 1:48 U-5.
Second heat— W. F. Foster, Olympic, first;
F. >1. Byrne, Imperial, second. Time, I :SU '2-0.
Third heat— R. L. Long, Bay City, first;
W. A. Terrill, Bay City, becond. (No heat.
Outside time limit).
Fourth heat— Eh Winsett, Olympia, Wajh.,
first; Allan Jones, Olympic, second. Time,
1 !65>
Final heat— W. F. Foster, Olympic, first;
J. M. Campbell, Spokane, second; C. L. Davis,
Olympic, third. Time, 1:56 2-5.
Two-thirds of a mile scratch, amateur:
First heat— G. P. Fuller. Olympic, nrst; C. D.
Bates Jr., Reliance, second. Time, 1 :53.
Second heat— Percy Mott, Reliance, first;
Henry Nooaan, Santa Rosa, second. Time,
1:53 3-5.
• Third heat— M. M. Cook, Imperial, first; Wil
liam Yeoman, Reliance, second. No race, over
time limit.
Fourth heat— H. Downing, Garden City! first;
Tony Delmaa, Garden City, second. Time,
1 :53 2-5.
Final— P. R. Mott. Reliance, first; C. D. Bates
Jr., Reliance, second. Time, 1:54 4-5.
One mile scratch, professional: First heat—
\V. J. Evans, Lauslng. first; Bert Parker, De
troit, second. Time, 2:56 4-5.
Second heat— W. J. Edwards, Garden City,
first; W. A. Terrill, Bay City, second. Time,
2:53 2-5.
Third heat— W. F. Foster, Olympic Wheel
men, first; Oscar Osen, OlymDic Cyclers, sec
ond. Time, 2:45.
Fourth heat— No race; over time limit.
Final— W. J. Edwards, Garden City, first.
Time, 2:52 3-5. Foster, Olympic, second;
Evuns, Michigan, third.
One mile handicap, amateur: First heat—
Ben Noonan, Santa Rosa, first, 50 yards? C. D.
Bates Jr., Reliance, second, 20; M. M. Cook,
Imperial, third, 50. Time, 2:53 4-5.
Second heat— George Fuller, Olympic, first,
35 yards. Time, 2:49 3-5. T. Delmas, Garden
City, second; W. H. Hammond, unattached,
third.
Third heat— George Felix, Santa Rosa, first,
40 yards. Time, 2:42 2-5. H. Noonan. Santa
Rosa, second; J. A. Code, Olympic, third.
1 • inal heat— J. A. Code, Olympic, first, 200
vault.. Time. '2:44 2-5. Tony Delmu.,, Garden
City, second; C. T). Bates Jr", Reliance, third.
One mile, county— H. Noonan, Santa Rosa,
hrst; Benjamin Noonan, Santa Rosa, second.
One-mile handicap, professional— Bert Par
ker, Detroit, first, 70 yards. Time, 2:34. J.
*.. fcd wards, Olympic, second; Allan Jones,
Olympic, thira.
♦
THE TILTING TOURNAMENT.
Alexander F alley Knight* Defeat the
Healdtburg _ Lancer*. ,
SANTA ROSA, Cal., May Tbe tilt
ing tournament for a cash prize of $75 was
a feature of to-day's programme. Ten
brave knights with Mexican saddles; big
"topederos" and other accoutrements not
mentioned in the tales of Mystic Camelot,
rode the merry tilt, not at each other as
the sportive men of King Arthur's table
round were wont to do, bat with modern
lances leveled only at the elusive iron rings
suspended over the course. »
, Those who entered the lists were Earl
McPherson, Elvip Young, William Pat
terson and Wesley Bid well of . the invin
cible Alexander Valley team and a
.Vpickea-up" quintet from Healdsburg and
vicinity, 7 consisting of George Sea well.
William Hopper, V. Simmond, Albert
Pitts and Fred St. Clair.
The Alexander Valley warriors proved
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY 3, 1896.
easy winners by a score of 66 out of a pos
sible 75, the Healdsburg team scoring
only 40.
Earl McPherson missed his first ring,
but otherwise made a perfect score.
William Patterson rode exceptionally
well, and for a time seemed likely to make
a clean record. A 6light swerve of his
mettlesome barb in the fourth run caused
his only "fluke," and prompted many
witty allusions to the ancient query,
"Who struck Billy Patterson?"
George Seawell, the well-known fenight
errant from Healdsburg, rode his big
brown mount like a Centaur, but soon
found that want of practice had devel
oped a "bad eye" for distance, which
moved him to remark that he could hardly
say that he was "satisfied" to catch only
sunbeams upon his lance.
He also said that if the course had not
been so slippery, he would have put the
entire field to sleep like Cceur de Lion of
old.
TULARE'S FLOWER FESTIVAL.
j*uetn Eva Abdicate a After a Stoat Aus-
jiiclous JKciatn
TULARE, Cal., May 2.— Tulare's flower
festival closed to-night. Queen Eva, who
reigned so graciously and with such emi
nent satisfaction to all her loyal subjects,
has abdicated.
Tulareans are happy over the. success of
this floral display. Such a variety and
profusion of beautiful flowers was never
seen in this city before, nor could it be
excelled in any interior city in the State.
The favorite flower of Tulare is the rose,
and hundreds of varieties are here pro
duced. Sweet peas and pansies come next,
and with these were stately cacti, modest
daisies and countless varieties of blooms.
The prizes awarded for the best display of
roses was given to Mrs. B. A. Hoyt.
The prize for the best collection of sweet
peas was unanimously awarded to Mrs. J.
Touhy, while Mrs. J. A. Allen was given
the first prize for a display of pansies.
The feature. of the programme to-night
was the reception and presentation of
Queen Eva, her people covering her patu
wav with flowers.
The garden scene, conducted by Mrs.
Gorham and assisted by 120 children
dressed to represent all manner of flies,
beetles and butterflies and some clad in
the costumes of fairies, was magnificent
and showed the effect of wonderful tact
and patience in the training of the little
ones.
The success of tbe fiesta was due to the
businesslike management of tbe Ladies'
Auxiliary, assisted by Tulare's Silver
Band.
CHICO`S QUEER CONCERT
Indians Give an Exhibition of
Their Aboriginal Rites
and Orgies.
War Dances Are Executed and a
Mecbcopda Band Plays
Modern Music.
CHICO, Cal., May 2.— An interesting
entertainment was that given under the
auspices of an Indian club from Rancbo
Chico at the opera-house to-night. This
was the first opportunity that even the old
residents have had of seeing the aborigines
in their ancient rites and fetes, and a
packed house manifested its thorough ap
preciation. This race is rapidly passing
away and by another generation will have
gone.
Fifty or more Indians, who have been
living on the Rancho Chico for the last
half century, showed their wonderful
advancement from primitive ways to their
present civilization. The brass band of
twenty pieces is one of tbe pleasant
features of the Indian village, to which
the red men have given much attention.
Its music, most of which is modern, is
well rendered, and the band would do
credit to any community. The Indians'
songs in their native tongue were quaint
and strange. The ancient war dance was
accurately executed.
C!ad in barbaric splendors of furs,
feathers and beads, they danced their wild
orgies exactly as they did fifty years ago
when preparing for battle with their
enemy. The effect was so real that the
mingling of war chants and war cries and
the thrum of the tom-tom startled some of
the younger members of the audi
ence who had never before seen a similar
gathering.
An afternoon exhibition was given by
the redmen, at which were shown many
Indian relics seen by but few white men
living to-day. Much of this display was
valuable, some of. the exhibits having been
in the possession of the chiefs of this tribe
and their ancestors for generations.
There were beautiful specimens of In
dian handicraft, consisting of blankets,
baskets, belts, beads, pipes and all sorts of
primitive clothing, embellished with rat
tlesnake-skins, bata 1 wings and beautiful
plumaged birds, many of which are now
extinct.
The chief of the tribe described in cood
English all that pertained to the exhibits,
showing how the red man of the great
Sacramento Valley long before the pale
faces' advent among them built their lire,
cooked their food, doctored their sick,
trapped their game and taught their chil
dren around the mystic oala the virtues
of truth and honesty.
The Rancho Chico Indians are called
Mechoopdas. The term "Digger" has
been applied to all California Indians, in
cluding the Mechoopdas, a name odious to
the Indians and senseless and used by
white men in the early days to show thefr
contempt for California Indians. When
General Bidwell surveyed his Chico ranch,
the Indians that gave the peformance
to-day were almost as wild as deer. When
a death occurred or was expected, the
wailing was terrific, continuing from the
time of the death until the burial, rising
and falling as the exhausted oues withdrew
and new voices were added. No change
was made in the monrners' toilet until
after the dead had been buried, when tbe
hair, which in case of the women, had
been filled with ashes during the mourn
ing, was cut short and they went into
retirement to mourn until us usual linKth
was restored.
OREGON CROPS BLASTED.
Growing Fruit Damaged by a Two Day*'
Downpour of Rain.
PORTLAND, Ob., May 2.-The excess
ive rainfall of the past forty-eight hours,
which is general over the State, is proving
disastrous to fruit. Peaches are practic
ally destroyed and the prune yield is esti
mated at a one-fourth crop. The full ex
tent of tbe damage to other fruits cannot
be told yet. The Weather Bureau to
night reports a snowfall at Baker City and
over Baker County. Gales, accompanied
by ram. prevail along the coast. Frosts
are predicted all over the greater portion
of the Northwest Pacific Monday morning
if the storm cleat s by Sunday afternoon
Mare Inland Fatality.
VALLEJO, Cal., May 2.— James McClus
key, a boiler-maker on the receiving-ship
Independence, fell while going down a lad
der this morning, striking his head on the
hatch-combing. Death resulted soon after
McCluskey had been in the service for
some years, but bad reshipped only a few
months ago and was awaiting a transfer to
the Oregon.
READ BARRY'S "STAR."
Yesterday's issue contains: Political Tricks
of the A. P. A.; Cleveland-Carlisle Conspiracy
Objections to the New Charter; Senator
Mahoney, Arch-criminal; Rev. Col bum's San
Diego Record; Burke on Assessor Siebe and
Corporations. All the live topics of the day
discussed. «
THE CONVENTION
AT SACRAMENTO.
Ample Accommodations for
the Delegates and Press
Representatives.
TO DECIDE CONTESTS.
The Skirmish Will Open at the
Central Committee Meeting
Monday Night.
MAJORITY WANTB NO PLEDGES.
Strong Opposition to Ironclad Instruc
tions Shown by a Careful
Canvass.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., May 2.—Mem
bers of the Republican State Central Com
mittee who voted to hold the State Con
vention in this city will not regre 1 . having
cast that vote when they view the arrange
ments made for their -reception and com
fort. The expectation is that an immense
crowd will assemble in this city as early
as Monday night, and will probably re
main at least two days; and no matter
how much this numbor may exceed the
predictions of the accommodation com
mittee, whose headquarters are at 717 K.
street, all who come will be cared for.
The chairmen of the various committees
met to-night and reported that all details
were complete.
The canvass of the city for funds has
been remarkably successful, and sufficient
money has been secured to defray all the
expenses of the H&publican, Democratic
and' Populist conventions. The chairmen
of the various committees are as follows:
T. H. Wallace, hall; C. T. Jones, printing;
A. L. Johnson, badges; William McLaugb
lin, transportation; E. B. "Willis, press;
R. D. Stevens, accommodation, and W. W.
Douglas music.
In the pavilion the rotunda has been
inclosed with canvas to a height of fifty
two feet with a Turkish red border tw«lve
feet wide at the top. These canvas walls
are lined with flags, banners and the em
blems of the various States of the Union,
and toppine all is an immense center
piece, 142 feet in breadth, from which hun
dreds of vari-colored streamers run to the
outer edire of the inclosure.
The platform for the chairman and
clerks is forty-eight by fourteen feet in
dimensions, and the press platform is
eighty feet.long, with accommodations for
thirty press representatives. In addition
to this Secretary of State Brown has placed
the Afsembly and Senate chambers and
the two Supreme Courtrooms at the dis
posal of the convention to be used as dele
gation anil committee rooms, and head
quarters rooms have been secured in
abundance. While arrangements have
been made in the pavilion for' the seating
of over 2000 persons, J. A. Steppacher, as
sistant secretary of the State Central Com
mittee, will meet with T. H. Wallace of
the hall committee to-morrow and ar
range for the location of the seats of the
delegations.
There will be a very Important meeting
of the State Central Committee in this
city on Monday night, presumably to de
cide ufion what delegations will be recog
nized, those elected at the primaries or j
those appointed by County Central Com
mittees, and it is rumored that the session
will be extremely "warm."
The delegates and press representatives
will be furnished with badges, and the lat
ter will be given city transportation facili
ties, such as hacks and streetcar tickets, j
E. B. Willis, chairman ot the press com
mittee, has made complete arrangements
for the accommodation of all representa
tives.
Tbe Republican headquarters will be
located at the Golden Eaule Hotel.
In this county there will be two delega
tions to struggle for recognition in the
convention — those appointed by the
County Central Committee and those
elected at the primaries. It is claimed
that the former delegates are McKinley j
men. The delegation elected at the pri
maries is compared of anti-McKinley men.
In an interview with one of the most
prominent men of this faction he said:
"Our belief is that free silver is a far
more important issue to California than
the election of William McKinley. We
are hopeful of getting at least a half vote
in the coming convention, and we have
reason to believe that our delegation will
be seated in place of that appointed by
the County Central Committee.
"We have made a careful canvass of the
various delegations and find that many
counties have held primaries and sent un
instructed delegates. To my' positive
knowledge there is not one instructed dele
gate south of Tehachapi. Butter, Nevada,
San Joaquln and Yolo counties will send
divided delegations and they will doubt
less be unpledged. Our opinion is that an
unpledged delegation from California will
hold the balance of power in the National
Convention and will be in such request as
will enable it to demand the insertion of
a free silver plank in the National plat
form. On the same basis, if seated, our
delegation may hold the balance in the
coming State Convention."
The convention will be opened at 2 p. m.
on Tuesday, and the first day's contest
will be over the election of a temporary
chairman and the selection of the commit
tee on credentials. Already the skirmish
line has begun the battle, and by Wednes
day the entire city will be in a political
turmoil.
EL DORADO REPUBLICANS.
They Send "Unpledged Delegates and
Score Congressman Johnson.
PLACERVILLE, Cal., May 2.— The El
Dorado County Republican delegates
gathered this afternoon and elected six
delegates to the State Convention as fol
lows: E. W. Witmer, W. Veadon, F.
Nichols, J. T. Davjs, J. M. Cope and J. 8.
Larue. They go unpledged. Tbe follow
ing resolutions were adopted :
To the Republican County Convention: Your
committee on platform and resolutions re
spectfully report as follow*:
Rctolved, That this convention reaffirms the
Republican policy of the most complete pro
tection to American industry and that we
favor the continuance of that policy as the
essential feature of the campaign of 1896.
Whereas, We believe that the mining in
terests of El Dorado County will be more nearly
represented in the National Conventicn by
mining men than by those who are not di
rectly interested in mines; therefore, be it
Resolved, That the Republican party of El
Dorado County, in coDventiou assembled,
hereby recommend the Hon. J. H. N'eff of Pla
cer County and the Hon. E. C. Vorhies of Ama
dor County as delegates to the National Con
vention to be held in St. Louis ou June 16.
1896.
Resolved. That it is the sense of this conven
tion that tho iunding bill of the indebtedness
of the Pucific railroads, now favorably reported
in Congress, is inimical to the interests of the
people, and that the delegates from this con
vention be instructed not.to support the aspi
rations of anr candidate for delegate to the
National Convention who has supported or
who (I. it's support such funding bill or bills.
Whereas, Our present representative in
Congress, Grove L. Johnson, has supported and
is support; .ig the proposition to refund the
indebtedness of the Pacific railroads after hav
ing pledged his opposition to such measures as
embodied in the Keilly funding bill; be it
Kesoivcd, That it ia the sense of this meeting
that said representative. Grove L. Johnson,
should, at his earliest opportunity, otter to the
I>eoj>ie of this Second Congressional District a
full explanation of his action and state the
reasons why he is not apparently fulfilling his
promises to the people, and why he supports
measures which they oppose.
Resolved, That the delegates to the State con
vention selected at this convention shall either
attend the State convention in person or give
their proxies to delegates actually elected by
this convention.
SITTH DISTRICT REPUBLICANS.
Delegates to the Sacramento Convention
Chosen.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., May 2.— The
assembly district conventions, working
under the "new system," to select dele
gates to tbe Republican State Convention
at Sacramento were held throughout the
Sixth Congressional District to-day. The
delegates elected will nominate a candi
date for Congress to succeed James Me-
Lacblan of Pasadena, select one district
delegate and assist in naming the delegate
at-large to the St. Louis convention. Los
Angeles County has six assembly districts,
three of which are in this city.
In the Seventy-second Assembly District
convention, which met at Compton, reso
lutions of confidence in McLachlan and in
structions to work and vote for his renom
ination to Congress were adopted as were
resolutions in favor o* San Pedro harbor.
The following delegates were elected: W.
H. Palmer, University; Beujarain S. Wes
ton, Wilmington; M. S. Cuinminga. Rose
dale; C. H. Tnornberg, Cerntos; W. H.
Carpenter, Compton; W. J. Hess, Redon
db; J. C. Rives, Downey, and W. H. Kelso,
Inglewood.
The Seventy-first District convention
was held in Monrovia. Resolutions were
passed indorsing McLachlan and McKin
ley. The delegates are: J. B. Payne, W.
R. Thompson, D. C. Warner, H. J. Cox, L.
D. Elliott, John T. Reed, R. B. Ownes and
W. M. Winters.
The Seventieth District is composed of
that .part of Loa Anteles county lying
north of the city, including Santa Mon
ica Soldiers' Home, San Fernando Valley,
Newhall and Antelope Valley. Though
this is an extended territory, the delegates
were out in full force. Of i.31 delegates to
which this convention was entitled 125
were present. McLachlan was indorsed.
The Seventy-third, Seventy-fourth and
Seventy-fifth District conventions were
held in this city. In the Seventy-third
and Seventy-fourth resolutions favorable
to McLachlan were passed amid great en
thusiasm. ,
In the Seventy-fourth a resolution favor
ing instruction for McMinlry at Sacra
mtjnto was defeated. McKinley's candi
dacy was indorsed in the Seventy-third and
Seventy-filth.
The following were the cloice of the
Seventy-third District Convention for
delegates: J. M. Meredith, George Rhein
chiid, George McClure, John Kingley, E.
Munsey, Nathan Cole, F. P. Flint, R. A.
Ling and William Llewellyn.
lii the Seventy-fourth" District these
were chosen: H. Z. Osborne, delegate-at
large and R. A. Bird. J. S. Pitman, A. W.
Francisco, J. C. Ciiue, F. G. Teed, J. A.
Pirtle. J. B. Calhoun, G. L. Kiefer, Dr. W.
Dodge, M. Z. Starin, S. C. Dodge, N. W.
Walker.
In the Seventy-fifth District delegates
were selected as follows: George P. Mc-
Lain, L. V. Youn«worth, Sutherland Hut
ton, .1. B. Liversidce, W. A. Cheney, J. W.
Long, Colonel H. Glaze, I). W. Field, D.
H. Cook and Charles Elberson.
KING COUNT AIN FIGHT.
' Receiver Burleigh Defeat* Senator Squire
in the i'rttnarieti.
SEATTLE, Wafii., May 2.— lncomplete
returns from the Republiban primaries
held throughout King County to-day in
dicate that Andrew F. Burleigh, receiver
of the Northern Pacific Railroad, was
elected by a bie majority oveT United
States Senator Watson C. Squire as this
county's representative in the State delega
tion to the National Republican Conven
tion at St. Louis. The contest was one of
the most bitter and hardest fought in the
history of the party in this State, and is in
regardee as a preliminary between Sena
tor Squire and Governor MeGraw, the lat
ter of whom backed Burleigh for United
States Senator.
Santa, Jtnrbara Convention.
SANTA BARBARA, Cal., May 2.— The
Republican County Convention met here
this afternoon and elected the following
delegates: El wood Cooper, H. L. Williams.
Walter Elliot, H. A. Averill, W. L. Talbot,
John Wickenden, Dr. Winchester, J. W.
Taggart and J. N. Squier. They were in
structed to vote for McKinley delegates to
the National Convention. A resolution
was adopted commending Representative
McLachlan's course in Congress.
Maripona'a Delegates.
COULTERVILLE, Cal., May 2.— The
Republican delegates from Mariposa
County to tne State convention at Sacra
mento are Captain A. H. Ward of the
Pinon Blanco mine and J. W. Snyder of
Jerseydale. Mariposa is entitled to two
and a half votes, sharing the one delegat.e
at-large with the adjoining county of
Tuolumne. It is probable that the joint
delegate for the two counties will be G. A.
Kirk of Coultervilie.
itantn Clara Popullats.
SAN JOSE, C\l., May 2.— The county
convention of the People's party to-day
elected the following delegates to tbe £ ate
convention at Sacramento on May 12: E.
E. Cothran, J. R. Welch, M. W. Wilkins,
San Jose; R. Hatt, Saratoea; Dr. J. J.
Shainer, LosGatos; GL W. James, San Jose;
Hon. Massey Thomas, Gilroy, and J. \V.
Hhves, College Park. H. A. Mason of this
city was elected State Central Committee
man.
I'opulittt at Merced.
MERCED, Cal., May 2.— The Populist
party of this connty held a mass conven
tion to-day and selected the following
delegates to tbe State Convention: J. J.
Peck, W. J. Stockton, J. S. Swan and F.
W. Yoakum. C. H. Castle was named as
the State Committeeman. The resolu
tions indorsed the Omaha platlorm and
opposed fusion with either" of the old
parties.
Hutnboldt iJetnocrat*.
ARC ATA, OAU, May 2.— The Demo
cratic County Central Committee has se
lected the following delegates to the State
Convention: J. F. Coonan, I. P. Haynes
S. I. Allard., J. K. Dollison, A. F. Nelson,
H. L. Ford, Thomas Bair and J. Mc-
Connghy. The delegaies are supposed to
be favorable to the indorsement of Gover
nor Budd.
Chosen at Santa Cruz.
SANTA CRUZ, Cal., May 2.— The Santa
Cruz County Republican Convention to
day elected nine delegates to the State and
Sixth Congressional conventions at Sacra
mento, May 5, as follows: L. J.Dake, A G
Lay, E. V. Cowell, P. R. Hinds, J. L. Ros
ter. George Radcliff, J. H. Tuttle, \V R
Porter, Joseph Aram.
Tuolumne Prohibitionist*.
SOULSBYVILLE, Cal., May 2.— At the
prohibition convention held at Sonora the
following •were elected delegates to the
State Convention: James May, Sonora-
W. H. Barron and Thomas Crocker, Souls
byville; John D. Williams, Jacksonville,
and J. F. Bluett. Jacksonville.
NEW PONKERS RELIEVED.
Regard the Republican Presidential
Nomination a* Practically Settled.
NEW YORK, N. V., May 2.— lt is now
generally conceded that McKinley will be
the nest President of the United States;
that the astion of the Illinois Convention
has settled it,
A feeling of relief was noticeable among
all classes yesterday because of the con
viction that the race was as good as over,
and that all hands could now settle down'
to business. To the convention, which
will meet in St. Louis on June IC, nothing
seems to be left but to register the will of
the people.
Gloom pervaded the Morton headquar
ters. In spite of tne positive assertions of
Platt, Senator Quay and Manley that they
have no idea of giving up the fight and that
McKinley is still actually a long way from
having delegates enough to nominate him,
the rank and file of the Morton following
were feeling very blue indeed. That Gen
eral Harrison's influence will be exerted to
prevent the Indiana Convention from in
structing for McKinley is about the only
hope they have left.
Platt still claims to be confident that
McKinley will be defeated, but he refused
to go into details in regard to the manner
of the defeat.
More Money Is Needed.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., May 2.— Unless citi
zens put up additional funds there will be
a shortage of money with which U> pay
the expenses of the Republican National
Convention to be held in this city in June.
It will require at least $20,000 more than
there is in sisht, even if all those who
subscribed to the fund pay up their sub
scriptions. S. M. Kennard, chairman of
the citizens' committee, is authority for
this statement. It is understood, how
ever, that prominent local Republican pol
iticians have guaranteed the payment of
all bills and the promises of the commit
tee will be made good. In the meantime
an effort is being made to raise the addi
tional amount of money by popular sub
scription.
A Prayer Mi* Platform.
BT. LOUIS, Mo., May 2.— YV. C. Bohan
non of this city, a telegraph operator by
occupation, announces htmself as a candi
date for President of the United States*
His platform will be the Lord's Prayer.
In a speech from the Courthouse steps to
day he asked the people "who have been
voting for sheol and praying for heaven"
to get ready to vote as they pray. Bohan
non ban quite a local reputation as a politi
cal orator.
St. Louis Republicans.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., May 2.— The Republi
can City Convention to-day instructed its
108 delegates to the State Convention,
wiiich meets at St. Joseph, May 12, to vote
for Hon. Chauncev I. Filley and ex-Con
gressman F. G. Niedringhaus for deleeates
at large and passed a strong McKinley in
dorsement. /
Of Interest to, the Pacific Coast.
WASHINGTGN, D. C, May 2.— The
following thira lieutenants in the revenue
cutter service are assigned to duty on the
Pacific Coast: R. M. Sturtevant, H. Q.
Hamlet, B. H. Chandler, F. C. Dillard, B.
Chissel. B. Goodrich and R. Ridgley Jr.
They will join Captaiu Hooper's fleet,
leaving May 10.
Pensions have been granted as follows:
California: Original — Thomas Folks,
Soldiers' Home, Los Angeles; James Ad
derly, San Francisco; James Mathawson,
Veterans' Home, Napa.
Restoration and additional— Charles L.
Jones (deceased), Livermore. Increase —
Alfred S. Isaacs, San Franci«co. Original
widow — Susan Jones, Livermore.
Death of a Xapa Pioneer.
NAPA, Cal., May 2.-8. W. Gilder
sleeve, who came around tbe Horn in 1849,
died here last night. He was a native of
New York, and was born in 1826. In the
early gold excitement he mined for a time,
but soon v^ent to farming. For five years
he hasiived a retired life here.
Rail Accident nt Bigg*.
CHICO. Cal., May 2.— Whiie switching a
train at Biggs yesterday Charles Black
lost his right lee below the knee. Tue un
fortunate man was climbing- between the
two cars, when the end doo* fell from one
of them and knocked him down. The
train passed over his leg.
»tr Japanete Mini*t*r Coming.
WASHINGTON. D. C, May 2.-The
Japanese Minister in Washington, Mr.
Kurino, has received notice from his
Government .thai he will be transferred to
the Italian mission. His successor will be
Mr. Tori, a distinguished Japanese^ and
formerly President of the Lower House of
the Japanese Diet.
Receiver* for Twn National Bank*.
WASHINGTON. D. C, May 2.-Comp
troller Eckels says he thinks it will be
necessary to put the recently failed Amer
can National Bank of Denver, Colo., and
the Grand Foiks National Bank of Grand
Forks, N. D., into the hands of receivers.
Sicaraaua'a Rebellion Ends.
WASHINGTON, D. C, May 2.— A spe
cial cablegram received here from Muna
gua announces that the rebels of Nicara
gua have surrendered and that the rebel
lion in that republic has ended.
♦ —
General Lee Getting Instruction*.
WASHINGTON, D. C. May 2.— General
Fitzhugh Lee, the new Consul-General to
Havana, called at the State Department
this morning and baa a conference with
Secretary Olney. The Cuban situation
was discussed.
For Free Toll Road*.
WASHINGTON, D. C, May 2.— The
Senate Committee on Forest Reservations
to-day agreed to report favorably the bill
providing for the purchase and making
free of the four toll roads passine over the
Yoseniite National Park.
NEW TO-DAY.
fyl&w nn vnn
Jib WANT A
tmMk REST?
Then buy a Jjo.
and Rest while
you ride.
55 FIRST PAYMENT Sg PER WEEK
This ofTer applies only to residents of San Francisco,
O»U»nd, Berkeley and Altmeda — - — •
OAKLAND (SINCt, 301 SAN PABLO AVCNUC
Catalog and Application Blank Fobs
inuunabloygleoo.
i. S. CONWELL,
18 i 20 McAllister SI., SAN FRANCISCO.
-^■B^DEWEY&CO^,
X> PATENTS! I)
%ra r r
X&^SQ MARKET Sl.SS^uSf
_^ HEW TO-PAT.
"At
Sloane's"
BIGELOW
BODY
BRUSSELS
Immense Line of Patterns,
$1 > 1 2£ per yard Sewed, \
Laid and Lined. V
SMYRNA
RUGS "T. "
1000 Full Sized, 30 Inches
by 60 Inches, at $2.00 Each. .
W. & J. Sloane o & Co., °
641-647 Market Street,
SAN FRANCISCO. •
Tf 1 win
HIGHNT^f |1|
GRADE * \ Limj-
TAN
SHOES •' • Wjg
AT tXTREJIELY LOW PRICES. We are
now offering an elegant" line of LADIES'
, TAN BUTTON OR LACii BOOTS, strictly
up to date, needle or narrow square toe, all
sizes am! widths, at %\l 50' a pair. Cannot be
duplicated is this city.
7Sp~fl7
i UU I S 1
- Children's and Misses' Russet Spring Heels, nar-
row square toe, V-shaped tip, straight foxed.
' Sizes 5 to 8 75c
Sizes toll ....SI 00. o
Sizes lli/i to 2 $1 Jo
Tlip Secret of These Low Prices Lies
In the fact that we own our building and are satis-
fled to si ye the public in bargains the enormous
rent other shoehouses are paying.'
1346 and 1348 Market Street. "
Opposite Odd Follows' Building.
Country orders receive prompt attention. 3
photo mm AND CARD M'F'G. CO. .
Dealers in Cardboard.
MANUFACTURERS OF
I PHOTO MOUNTS
CARDS OF ALL DESCRIPTIONS.
EMBOSSING.
RAGGED. EDGING, ETC.....!....
ARTISTIC SOUVrfNIRS...
PROGRAnnES, nENU5 . .........
LABELS, SHOW CARDS, ETC..
I>'W. COR. OF CLAY ASP SAME STS.
Bicycles.
Bicycles.
Bicycles.
We have on hand a large
quantity of New and Second-
hand Safeties For Sale at mar-
v^lously low prices for spot
cash.
Also Sundries very cheap.
; Specially low prices to Coun-
try Agents and others taking ■':
quantities.
Come and see them or write
for particulars.
WM. NORMAN,
ROVER CYCLE DEPOT
326 and 328 McAllister Street,
SAN FRANCISCO.
— ; — ,,. . ' — - — ■ -;.
WAGOI&. CARRIAGES AS» HARNESS.
'_ irinVrXTiAt : -Fifty per cent saved!
Factory prices— Send x
\" NX /ftv /I * * or catalogue.
\ rVJiiCJ ~ Cart 5: ...... .-.815 to $3*
J\J2&£sS' liu=^ik>s $75t051-.'5
Jfc*^^Mß>v Carriages..^ 100 to $20D
/^^KTIJ^SS^MNyA Wagons.... ssl) to *100
.Cjt^^^S^^S^^J Hnrr.css *StoS'Js
l-^|^^^^^7^^Sr~7 '-We ship everywhere.
: VWvi9vyC/%3oWV/ .Callforola . Wagon and
Xjlfcg^C X*fo Carriage Co.. • 36 Vi to
"*** = "^ -, -....** 4 i y% Fremont St., \b. F.
GREAT FALLS, MONTANA
SPEAKS FOR i ITSELF. A YOUNG CITY,
with greater water-power than all the great
water-powers In I the United states combined, and
ruining 80 per cent of the coal of the State. For '
information call upon or write A. T. KYLE, 14
HcKnight block.
56
SMASHED FIELD RECORDS
Coast Athletes Compete for
Hours in Innumerable
Contests.
HIGH VAULTING AND JUMPING.
Cyclers Spin Around an Arena in
Which Men Are Struggling for
Victory.
An ideal afternoon, 2000 spectators, fonr
and a half hours of athletic con tests, partici
pated in by the largest number of athletes
ever yet assembled for a field day on the
Pacific Coast, such were the most notable
features of the meet held at Central Park
yesterday for the financial benefit of the
University of California team that pur
poses to make another tour of the East to
try its prowess.
Incidentally it was also the coast cham
pionship meet, although the track was
such that the hi^h hurdles had to be
omitted, and no great speed could be made
on it, notwithstanding its sloue. The 100
-yard straightaway was down grade, but
the soft earth partly offset the advantage
that resulted to the sprinter.
From the table of clubs entering the
track and held contests it may De seen that
Berkeley was out in force, while even the
best of her rivals were represented by only
a few individuals.
The time made in the track events was
uniformly poor;the fault being partly with
the track.
In the field event?, however, some sur
prises were recorded. Dole of Stanford
proved that his disappointing vaulting in
the intercollegiate meet was due to an in
jury, for yesterday he smashed the coa-»t
record with ease, clearing the bar at 10
feet 10 1-3 inches. Lioyd of the State Uni
versity also beat the old record with a
vault of 10 feet 9V£ inches, and Chick of
Berkeley and Hoffman of the Oakland
High School did record work by going
over the height of 10 feet 5 inches.
Another surpri3e was Patterson's won-
Mefful performance in the running high
jump. Without any training and relying
solely upon his natural aptitude aa a
jumper he raised the coast record to 5 feet
11 2-5 inches, proving his right to the title
of coast champion, an honor he won a year
ago.
In A. M. Walsh, one of this City's high
Bchool boys, the coast possibly has its fu
ture champion walker. His brilliant ex- i
hibition against the veteran Mer- j
win of the university team was one of the
prettiest of the whole list of spectacular
track events. With a long even stride
well and rapidly placed he combines al
most perfect body movement that makes j
his style more nearly like such men as I
Horace Coffin and Henry Timm than any !
of the men who have attempted tnis try
ing event in latter years.
Another High School boy, whose ability
promises better things, is young Drum,
the all-round athlete of this City.
But the greatest triumph of the A. A. L.
was Cheek's shotput; an Oakland High
School boy, and a coast record maker with
the heavyweight. He beat Edgren and
Lloyd of Berkeley and smashed the record
with a put of 41 feet B}i inches.
Edgren was not able to do his best with
either the shot or the ham mer. Tne latter
he hurled 136 feet 11 ]4 inches.
His trainer. Thomas Carroll, holder of
five world's records as a professional ham
mer-thrower, gave an exhibition of his
own peculiar style and at the same time
went in to raise the record with a 14-pound
hammer. Well, he did it, an increase of a
little matter of about 20 feet. Carroll's
new world's record is now 171 feet 9 inchea
for the 14-pound hammer.
As a whole, the athletic programme \
was promptly carried along, but there was j
too much for the money. 1 Innumerable j
bicycle races on a sensational looking, six- j
lap, high-graded track would in them
selves have constituted a big day's sport,
but when all the track and field events
were combined with these it became tire
some after about four hours.
The great majority of the spectators
took a personal interest in the enterprise,
for it meant dollars aud cents to their
team, and they were eager to the last, par
ticularly aflera telegram had come from
Palo Alto announcing that the Berkeley
team had actually beaten the Stanford
men at baseball.
That announcement blared out through
the big speaking-funnel created more wild
hilarity than any of the events on the pro
gramme.
If similar enthusiasm in track and field
athletics can be aroused ior next year's
championship games a great step will be
made in developing the possibilities that
must eventually bring credit to the coast.
Following is a complete list of all the
events with the actual competitors in each,
Suggestions From the Great Athletic Gathering Yesterday at Central Park, Where for Over Four Hours Innumerable Athletes Competed
in the Benefit Field Day and Coast Championship Meet.
the figures being placed after the winner's
MM; •
I
I
.... lx
:
.........
Ifl 9
d
r.
El
o
p.
It
i
'•V
3
uo.w mnio,:
•fiH.Tir)
d d
vi
S
CO
)d
100-yard dash: First heat— Dickie (V. C.)
10% sec, Wood (R. A. C.) second, Morse (U. C),
Wand (O. A. C), Lif>pman (A. A. L.).
Second heat— Esplin (O. A. C) 10 4-5 sec,
Jenks (A. A. L.) second. Butts (O. A. CL), Jelin-
I in*ky (S. F. A. C), Schroeder :S. F. Y. M. C. A.).
Third neat— Drum (A. A. IO 10 4-5 sec,
Chick (U. C.) second, Cochran'(S. F. A. C),
LeilicK (3. F. Y. M. C. A.).
Fuurth heat— West fO. Y. M. C. A.) 11^ sec,
' White (S. F. Y. M. C. A.) second, Hupp (.U. C),
Ste\> art (S. F. Y. M. C. A.).
Semi-final first heat— Dickie (U. C.) by 2 feet
in 10 3-5 sec, Esplin (O. A. CJ.
second heat— Drum (A. A. L.) by 1
! yard, in 10 3-5 sec. Chick (U. C).
Final heut— W. P. Drum (A. A. L.) by 15
j inches in a pretty finish, in 10 3-5 sec, W. M.
i Dickie (U. C.) second, A. Esplin (O. A. C), but
Chick wa calieU to late to enter.
220-ya-d dasti— W. P. Drum (A. A. L.) by 2
feet in 25 stc, R. Chick (U. C ) second, W. M.
Dickie (U. C.) third, O. Wood (K. A. C).
440-yard run— X. J. Woolsey (A. A. L.) by 2
yards, in 57 sec, A. Drennan (IJ. C.) second,
F. E. McGee (U. C.) third. R. Chesmut (U. C),
W. M. Dickie (U. C.),W. Ji. West (O. Y. M. C. A.),
B. Coffin (O. A. C).
Half-mile run-R. I. Carroll HJ. CO by 4
yards with place men close up, in 2 mm. 18 4-5
sec, G. y. Thompson. (8. F. Y. M. C. A.) set oud.
E. Steele, (A. A. L.) third, F. fcmith (A. A. L)
J. Doyle (A. A. C), G. T. Shaw Jr. (A. A. L), D.
Suliivan (S. F; A. C), T. Careek, (S. A. A.),
<J:. Kiarmene, !(S. F. Y. M. C. A.), B. Coffin,
tO. A. C), J. Gish, (U. C), O. C. Reeve (U. C), E.
H. Ziska (S. F. Y. M. A.), H. Eddy (S. F. Y. M.
C. A.), P. Bolk. (O. Y. M. C. A.).
Mile run— R. J. Carroll (U. C.) by 6 inches
anil third man close up, a :beautiful, exciting
finish, in 5 mm, 15 3-5 sec. ; E. J. Brown (U.
C.) second, W. B. Jackßon (U. C.) third. E. H.
Zisua (S. F. Y. IC. C. A.). R. Steßdman (U. C),
O. C. Reeve (U. C), E. Higuefa (S. A. A.). J. Mc-
Carthy (S. F. A. C), D. Sullivan (S. F. A. C), O.
Jeliosky (S. F. A. C), J. Doyle (A. A. C), b\
CosUy (O. A. C.)
Mile walk— L. T. Merwin (U. C.) by 9 yards
' after a 100-yard final spurt, in 8 mm. 10 sec. ;
I A. M. Walsh (A. A. L.), a young San Francisco
Hiph School boy, with perfect action, second;
V. Holton 07. C.) third, E. F. Leilich (S.F. Y.
M. C. A.).
220-yard hurdle: First heat— Warnick (A. A.
L.), by 2 feet, ftgift from Torrey in an easy rin
isb, fa 29 4-5 sec. ; Torrey (U. C.) second, R. B.
Mitchell (O. Y. M. C. A.), F. Mafston (U. C.)
Second heat— Reynolds (L. S. J. U), by 4
yards, loafing, in 31 sec. ; Cochran ;S. F. A. C).
Third heat— Badewell (U. C.) by a yard after
a hard finish, Wood (R. A. C.)
Semi-final first neat— Reynolds (L. 6. J. U.)
by 2 feet, easily, in 29 2 5 stjc, Warnick (A. A.
L.) second, Cochran (s. K. A: C).
Semi-final sr-cond heat— Bakewell (U. C.j by
1 ioot, after falling down aud spurting out the
fintsh, in 30 4-5 sec; Wood (R. A. C).
Final heat— H. B, Reynolds (L. S. J. U.) by
10 yards, easily,' in 28 --5 sec; B. Bakewell
(U. C).
Running broad jump— George Toombs (L. S.
J. U.), 21 feet I^£ inches; IV. Torrey [O. C), 20
feet 61/,6 1 /, iaches; F. Koch (I". C.),' 20 feet; A. L.
DornfU. C), 19 feet 8 inches; F. Bulk (0. Y.
M. g. A.), R. Dresser (U. C.),A. EspUn (O. A. <L),
J. Butz (O. A. C), R. E. Cochran (S. J. A. C.),
A.. Cheek (A. A. L.). C. H. Parker (A. A. L.).
Running high jump— W..C. Patterson (O. A.
C.), 5 feet 11 2-5 inches, breaking hiß own
coast record aud without a day of training;
C. S. Dole (L. S. J. U.J. 5 feet 9\< incaes; t\
Koch (U. C), 5 feet 7^ inchea; D. J. Grant
(A. A. L), L. Miller (U. C), B. Bodewell (U. C),
A. Chick (A. A. L.), J. D. Hoffiinau (A. A. L.).
Pole vault— C. S. Dole (i.. 8. J. U.), 10 feet
101-3 inches, smashing the coast record by
nearly 6 inches; R. B. Lloyd (U. C), 10 feet
9' 2 - inches; J. D. Hoffman (A. A. L.). 10 fee:. 5
inches; A. Chick (U. C), 10 feet 5 inches; F.
L. Mumma (U. C).
Putting 16-pound shot: A. <hick (A. A. L.)—
an Oakland High School boy— 4l ft. BJ^ in.,
breaking the coast record; R. Edgren (U. C.) 40
ft. 11 in, R. B. Lloyd. (U. C.) 39 ft. 10 in., F.
Koch (U. C.) J. Carkeek (Sac)
Throwing 16rpound hammer— R. Edgren (U.
C.) 136 ft. llj^ in., A. L. Dorn (D".C.) 126 ft 10
in., B. Hooper (U. C.) 99 ft. 5 in.
100-yard run for novicss: First heat— Lip man
(Hoytt's School) by 5 feet easily in 11 sec,
Ward (o. F. Y. M. C. A.) second, Mitchell (O. Y.
M. C.A.), Kelly (S. Y. M. C. A.), Stewart (8. J.
Y. M. C. A.), Ma-ison (S. F. A. CJ
Second heat— Osborne (A. A. L.) by 2 yards
in 11 1-5 se<\, Whfte, (O. Y. M. C. A.) second,
Muller (O. Y. 1L C. A.), Brignol (S. M. C. A. C),
Lloyd (U. C.)
Taird heat— Endstruni (TJ. C.) 11 2-5 sec,
Cummings (C. C.) Becond, Ziska (S. F. Y. M. C.
A.), Grant (A. A. L.), Drennan (U. C.)
Fourth heat— Weod (R. A. C.) by 3 yards
easily in 11 4-5 sec, Eddy. (S. F. Y. M. C. A.)
second. Balk O. Y. M. C. A".), Warnick (A. A.
L.), Leilk-1 (S. F. Y. M. C. A.), Gulttard (8. F. Y.
M. C. A.), ColemanJS. F. A. C.)
1 itial— Lipman fHoytt's School) by 4 yarde
with ease in 104-5 sec, Wood (R. A. C.) second,
Eodstrum (U. C), Osborne (A. A. L.)
Tug-of-war— San Francisco Athletic Club
team, consisting of Henry Sullivan, Arthur
Dolan. Thomas Brown, John Wersh, John Mo
Cafferty und George Bates, won from the
Olympic Athletic Club team, consisting of D.
E. Jackson, D. Mahoney, W. H. Bmlth, A. L.
Buckley, E. V. Kingston and E. McDaniel, after
a lug on the cleats for five minutes, during the
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY 3, 1896.
last few seconds of which Jackson, the Olympic
anchor, collapsed and gave the others an ad
vantage. „, .. . .
One-mile handicap bicycle race: First he»t—
Kenna (Acme). *r° m 20 yards, first, by 2 ieet,
in 1 mm. 7 1-5 sec. ; Tantan (O. C. W.). scratcb.
second ; Gooch (R. C. W.), 35 yards, third.
Second lieut-Custaing (U. C.), from scratch,
first by 4 yards after a splendid spurt, In 1
mln. 7 2-5 sec. ; Curtis (R. C. W.) second, Jacts
Third heat— Craft (U. C), from scratch, first
by 3 feet in exciting finish, in 1 mln. 7 a-o
seca.; Airnew (Acme), from 20 yards, second;
EUord (R. C. W.), from 45 yard*.
Fourth heat-Hamlin (S. F. R. G.) from
scratch, first by 18 inches (a bunched finish),
in 1 mm. 8 sec., Deacon (U. C. W.) from 30
yards, second. Waterman (J. W.) from 40
yards, Coulter (C. C. C.) from 50 yards.
Fifth heat— Pelo (S. F. R. C.) from 50 yards,
first by 1 yard in 1 ra'iu. 14 sec, after a loafing
race, Boyden (R. A. C), Kurtz (O. Y. M. C. A.)
from 55 yards.
Sixth heat— Schmitz (unattached) from 5O
yards. flr*t by 8 yards, in 1 mm. 15J.>J sec,
Buartou (R. C. W.) from 60 yard?, second.
Seventh heat— Alborell* (I. C. C.) from 20
yards, first by 5 yards, in 1 mm. 10 1-5 sec,
Leayitt (S. F. R. C.) from 15 yards, second.
Kitchen (A. A. L.) from 30 yards, Olson (C. C.
C.) from 45 yards.
Semi-finar first heat— Cushing (U. C.) from
scratch, first by a foot, with all three bunched,
in 1 mm. 10 4-5 sec. Pels (S. F. R. C.) from 50
yards, second. Kenna (Acme) from 20 yards.
feemi-tinal second heat— Craft (U. C.) irom
scratch by 3 yard§, In 1 mln. 8 3-5 sec. Al
borelle (I. C. C.) from 20 yards, H&mlin (8. F.
R. C.) from scratch, Schmiu (unattached) from
50 yards.
. Final heat— Kenna (Acme) from 20 yards,
first, in 1 mm. 9 2-5 sec, with all three well
bunched, Craft (U. C.) from scratch, second,
Alborelle (I. C. C.) from 20 yards, third.
One mile scratch for amateurs:
First heat— Cufchin<(U.C. ), first by 3 yards
after a bad finish, in 2 mm. 43 sec; Jack* (I.
C. C.) second, Elford (R. C. W.), Joosi(C.C. C),
Uoodwin (S. F. K. (\).
Second hfat— Craft (U. C.) first by 6 yards, in
2 mm. 36 3-6 sec, Curtis (R. C. W.) second.
Third heat— Tain an (O. A. C.) first by 2 feet
after a pretty finish, in 2 mm. 39 sec, Gooch
(B. C. \V.) second, Olson (C. C. C).
Fourth heat— Agnew (Acme) first by 12
yards in 2 mm. 3 sec, Robinson tS. F. R. C.)
second. Coulter fC. C. C), Ward (T. \V.).
Fifth heat— Pels (S. F. R. C.) nr>t by t> yards
ir. '2. mln. 50 2-5 sec, Lefavre second, Kiichen
(A. A. T.).
sixth heat— Kenna (Acme) first by 10 yards
in 2 uiin. 37V 3 sec, Deacon (R. A. C.) second,
Thomas (C. U. C.) second, Kurtz (O. Y. M. C. A -
Seventh heat— Freeman (B. C. W.) first by 20
yards in 2 ml:>. 31 1-5 sec, Alborelle (I. C. C.)
second, Svhmttz (unattarhed).
Semi-final firm heat— Freeman (B. C. W.) first
by a yard in a close-bunched finish in 2 mm.
3tf 3-5 sec, Cushing (U. C.) second, Pels (S. P.
R. C), Agnew (Acme).
Seml-nnal second heat— Craft (TJ. C.) first by
a few inches, only live laDs covered by mis
take, Albor»Ue (J. C. C.) second.
F;nal heat— Craft (U. C.) first by a foot, and
all bunched after a beautiful last lap, In 2
mm. 31 1-5 sec, Freeman (B. C. W.) second,
Cushiug (U. C.) third, Alborelle (I. C. C).
ABE LOYAL TO THE FLAG
Directors of the French Benevo
lent Society Write in Self-
Defense.
Ex-President Weill Says He Retired
on a Basis of Principle and
Courtesy.
The directors of the French Benevolent
Society repudiate the published s-tories re
flecting on their Americanism. It was
stated that the failure to raise the Ameri
can flag along with the colors of France at
the hospital on Washington's birthday
was the origin of the pending misunder
standing. Syivain Weill, the retiring presi
dent, also states that this incident was
simply an oversight. He added that bis
retirement was on the basis of principle
and courtesy. The following communica
tion is self-explanatory.
San Francisco, May 2, 1896.
To the Editor of the San /*ranci>)cn Call— Sib:
In justice to the French Benevolent Society
and its 4000 members and in line with the
policy of fairness and impartiality pursued by
The Call, we, the undersigned directors of
ttie French Benevolent Society, request you,
in our names, to emphatically deny the state
ment published in this day's issue of The Call
that Drs. Brighasi and Boyd's defeat as candi
dates to the medical staff of the French Hospi
tal was In any way due or is in anywise attrib-
uiablc to any national considerations. We are
all American citizens and have as much re
spect for the American flag as for the flag of our
mother country, our institution at the pres
ent time is conducted on a strictly American
basis.
All doctors, irrespective of nationality, are
admitted to the hospital on the same footing
of equality. The principal reason why we pre
ferred Dr. de Mu'ville, Dr. Xewmark and Dr.
Mayer, only one of whom ls French, is that we
are convinced their selection will be more
profitable to the hospital than would have
been that of Drs. Brigham and Boyd, and their
election will vouchsafe us not only the sym
"----^^^^—^^^^^^ NEW TO-DAT— DRY GOODS.
% Silk Striped Zephyrs ppmmrmn^^ , Ladies' Silk Waists it
*At 25c Yard. | ARE YOU READY IPDIME Illtsf.WEw*. '
* Twenty new patterns in th.d.in '» "■■■ l " lUU 8 1 E» ft U I Iffß Uf% if IL| 3 The greatest bargain in the list,
tfc tiest coling P h aslQki „ g For the bright, warm springtime? It is here at last. : True, 3 2S r e SS n ! ™vS?i-SJ e two f ais? "■"■»♦»
*$? fey striped 'Si" lit ud by 6 we have had a goodly share of rainy weather, but it couldn't 3 Made of P fancy - novelty silt in 22
4, fhimmering silk bars and cords. £ last forever. It has kept you from donning your pretty new 3 ""ped, checked, figured and plaid W
M g rai^nts, and to a great extent has kept jus from selling as | SFKevet? BSJ&&O3Z f
f. 50c yard - alar price £ many of them as we had reckoned upon. It has its bright 5 ! them. Enough is said when we tell &
f ' — .. g side, however. Our buyers have kept the bundles coming to § ' f^n^^VbadSw^cSS'eariv &
fs? . . , - £us just the same, ♦♦rain or shine," and the rainy spell has 3 ! *<» choice. Only one of a kind and A-
-1$? Ladies' Tail Jackets 6 piled us up with grand a*sortments of new things in every 3 about tifty kinds _^ told v y
4* U*l a -Art l B ; department. So much the better for you. Greater varieties 3 iVftrpHr firm ftnfwfa • •
XAt $12.50 Each. " C and lower prices on that account. Many things have been 3 ilOVeiiy Vim IuOOQS v 4?
2- Made of imported Kersey Cloth, Ejjjtinprjce to move them quickly-you know how it is in 3 it 75C Yard. .. tb
W new English boscoac style, with full G the Dry Goods lines— good S mustn't be allowed to accumulate. 3 A grand collection of silk and wool ft*
I fIP plaited back . and large sleeves. g If one price don't sell them another must. It's MUST with «s and all wool imported Novelty Dress > "I"
».U ■ £ - lgh s handsome buttons on front. :C v . nnw fl < rhi> arlvntitnirp i« vnnrc °S Good 3- Every color and combina- ***
!5P Lined. throughout with fancy Per- C US nOW « as tne advantage IS yours. lion of colors imaginable. Lovely JL
* ffirti I tapi2 Ue ° f thU Bea3oU>S ZjLSLSIISLSULSULJISIXJUL^^ KffibeSi;rii t ew l iiS B SdifSl? X
* .— Fancy Silks, Tailor-Made Suits, nVa'/ard! 11 be priced ' from ?1 to £
tb I A' » lir lit j . At 9UOO a Yard. • At $12. 50 Each. „ .. _ T _ 'L
fif LaflieS llOOriifldCrVeSlS Notold styles, marked down to pet rid The grandest collection, the prettiest iflUSllll I'flflerWear ' •
T M_^ of them, but the latest, choicest and most .styles and the handsomest materials to De  rA „ -v.- - •i " - «f
W it 7^/» P«il»h beautiful Dresdens, Persians. Pompadours found in the city, even at several dollars \l iu|(» Karh JL
J- illi fUC EiiiGll. and other Printed Warp Effects, every more a suit. Navy and Black Serges, ** " VU litllU . t - ■,' : ;-: fj?
W n« • - .. • J .'--'! imaginable hue, color and tint. Our Silks Scotch Cheviot Mixtures in li«nt, dark and Chemise, Drawers, Night Robes Ju
•it . Pennine imported garments, direct at a dollar a yard have been our special medium effects, and new Spring Boucles and Corset Covers, all at the ; same ***
x> rOm . k- 1 niakera m Switzerland. pride all season. The latest additions to in five different shades. The new open P rice - They ate made of extra +U
tfo a, g , neck and lons sleeves the assortment have been pronounced Blazer Jackets, with soft roll fronts; the quality fine bleached muslin, neatly *
-• ana low 'neck without sleeves. Col- handsomer and better value than those square shape large Kevers Blazer, and the j trimmed, in various styles and fj*
t*? ors white, black, pink and light blue, shown around tne city at $1 50 and $1 25 a new English Box-coat Jackets, all with shapes. • % -.* ,-- ; - T
*U »,i n f' zes VI each kind Such gar- yard. Don't take our word for it. If there very full sleeves and ripple backs, some t*7
*T "J^f f s th , e are always sold at is the slightest doubtin your mind make a ji»ed with silks, others witu soft perca- Mkcjacj' \Aralfv Tomato *!*
mU $1 A) apiece, for under ordinary cix- short tour of the shopping districts and lines. The skirts are all cut in the new JttlooCa HOVeily JHIK.IIS . '* ? -
* SJnLI 1 a « nceS no all ' wo l . undervest of come to us last We know where you'll do flaring shapes and lined throughout with |i <MOKA TA 1. C>
* X a 'fo?r cie ie 8 8 , finish could be your silk-buying. rustle percaline: We are positively head- The new style one button cutaway 9
sold for any less.. • quarters for Tailor-made Suits. . The new style one-button cutaway. 9
jL '<'"■• . ' : > -. ~. 1,. v»: " front, with those large, handsome' Q
V I qHipc l QnHn(r rnnpc LadieS Shoes, earl buttons. They are made of I
Xiv 1 i...,, • Ladies ring Capes, _ _ '"X .» imported fancy wool mixtures, piped V
9 DrftSflPn Rihh.-n« At $12 5O Each At SO CentS and $1.50 a Palr> • on front and collar with fancy cord A
I IUCMICII .IUUUUUs, At 912.50 Each. Last week but one of our Shoe Stock, and pleated back studded with pearl 9
V Or- a Voi.il ' nrVt of ■ Tan » 11 Nav J,?! ae and Black Any of our $2 60 and * 2 shoes at 50° a pair, buttons; facings of fancy Dresden O
O <-wC A iarO. Cloth, cut .very lull and falling in graceful Any of our $5 to $3 50 shoes at $1 50. We silk; sizes, 12 to 18 years. The larger X
T • ::;../■ ripples all around, four rows of fancy have only sizes 2 to 4in widths of B to ones will fit ladies. ' ** .
O Only about 25 pieces of them. The strap-work on front and around bottom, AAA. If you can wear these sizes don't — — '
X favorite Gros de Londrps weave in and fancy notched collar inserted all lose the chance of getting shoes at less than T,<i#»a flirt 'line? ' ' P»*
V lovely floral designs. They are fully around with Persian velvet. All sizes in a third of their value. . ,^ LdCC : ■ VlirWlllS V*>
jjfo- * A inches wide and worth 50c a each color. . ■. *| r/v - p . . .rg
X yard. Children's Nazareth At * L&0 a rair. 4*
*♦* ' " • • • W/«: 4- Nottingham Lace in| the newest
id* I J' • m. i ir • i Novelty W««h Cinr\Ac. WaiStS, , "up-to-date" patterns, white or '*
T LadieS Shirt HaiStS rWVeiiy Wasn UOOaS, 25 CentB Eaoh< ecru, full three and a half yards Oi
UUUIC3 WUlll liaiSlS At 12V4 Cents a Yard. Thelate-t health-eivineUndPrwai.t. fnr long, varying in width from 60 to 48 A
*it 75C Each n , NeW Di - m i tie 9« New Fi^ red Batistes, th. liSl^lSa^raS^r™^ inChe3 ' - The regular $2.50 pairs. £fc:
V ■«« I^OLU. Clear India Linens, New Corded Mulls and price. They are strongly-knit garments InJ« nn » Cli IT" 4*
** New arrivals «rt^A, in f«nrv Fine Frencn-style On-andies. each in the having more elasticity than the old kinds a ie . s ™ Hose, 'Jk
•*• .+iJ«l^i tl^ J*ew styles in fancy most winsome patterns and most charm- made of rapiers or jeans, have a pleni- «, « V . ,•- *^~ ", ' ' -'- *|*
* Ci irwirh d &ti5 IBSSl B SS i" color combination, . i^SjhSrJssSS^^S SPairs for $1.00. ; ■■s
i a S e a f nd collars and CUlfS ' All medical fraternity as being the best waists An extra value. Fast black plaited &
i*j colors and sizes. .-?, made for growing children. silk, full finished high-spliced heels *V
• .-■--.: v ... , ,- ■ , . . and double soles and toes. This M*
if* — fr-V nemstitcned I owels, Black Dress Goods means just $2.25 worth of hose to- z±
At n in... . At 25 Cents Each. At 5O Cents a Yard. ' morrow for $L __ S"; I":.; V T
jr. iieW DOCK MUUIIJTS Fifty dozen of Pure Silver Bleached Bel- New things in Brocaded Alpacas, Fig- I APCC AWn TDIMMIUnC
***._. it , ° fast Linen .Huckabtick Towels, with col- ured Mohairs, Fancy Jacquards, Crushed LHUtO AStU THI IVI 171 ill U 9 tib
4& At, I "of, Yarfl or - or plain white borders and wide hem- Crepons and Novelty. Wool Effects. A Everything that's new, elegant •
V an l-jvi -IOIU. stitched edges. They are a magnificent most wonderful assortment at the price and stylish, and at prices that will £ *
*t* * hnnrlred r,i op« Ati+hA-n»» quality, suitable for splashers and bureau To be without a black dress in your ward- enable the large majority to wear'!.
rtt ertniVe effect^ Naw nd hfrrt runners, as well as the toilet. Worth at robe is like steering a ship without aiud- them. Exclusive things; ' but not *t*
f e^whiS y .n"d d colowd taMt|4ad °« en " • • d er-if 8 a necessity.' : exclusion prices
i><i dots, stripes and figures and every . - - , ! Jlliii L.\lfc\ in DDtter and 1111811 j*.
,-ir. other new thing produced in these ™.i_ 4 . , fftlurs -"' ' - ■"■'- ■
* favorite materials for outing dre S se, „ Zl\ZTyX^% e £^ o %^^ SEW TRIMMCS. in jet & Spangled. *
2* — upon request. If you haven't received one .end us your name.. JSEW COLLARS, ill OStrWh, ClllffOll 4*
4 Embroidered Handkerchiefs, /&?/*} /9 ' A& ms embroideries, in cotton 4
6 for 5 Cents. £Tv^ /^/T TYI nil 7^/¥/^7^//^) U^ NECKWEAR, in silks, batistes :*|
<f Emb7ofder C ed'Kerchi°e^s.' e N§t S rn^re V Sri^T M. M/l M WWF M&k wi&A LWF § ™ oSiIfIITS. is*
au than six nor less than six to any one A ™ £BT &* m Jtow S&. J M'W KVWt'iVh ITFTV1 T FTV -I-
y and see what half adol lar will *A f^QpES 6.^xo g^ |/l QjXe^^ »a; V 1 * Mlltj » Hl»- isi
| «-«— . . asi -^ 40 'Prop® o* Sffo Kojxec^^ »SSSf'" |
ioryou.  .^.« . ,^ J«*^x -^ V«fV« SQ^AaW* •..-'...» parme nt,at RIGHT PRICES. '
pathyof the medical fraternity of San Fran*
Cisco, but also their patronage.
Most respectfully yours, P. Games, E. A. Le
moine, I. A. uergerot Sr., L. Canaine, Frank
Fagothey, S. Cheeyree, M. Borgez, O. Bozio.
Ktymologitally speaking, the word
horse-chestnut bns nothing whatever to do
with borses. A Frenchman, however, has
made the discovery that horse-chestnuts
are an undoubted cure for broken-winded
animals.
Cartbage is the highest town in Kansas,
5090 feet.
TRANSFERS NOW A DRUG
Newsboys Doing a Larger Busi
ness in Them Than
Ever Before.
PUBLIC SYMPATHY WITH THEM
Boys Now Cry Their Transfers In
stead of the Papers They Have
For Sale.
Newsboys had transfers and transfer
checks to throw to the dogs yesterday, and
so far as stopping the traffic in these paste
boards, the ingenuity of the railway com
pany has been wasted.
The operation of the new system was
much smoother, however, than on the day
before, and the needs of the publio re
ceived prompter attention than on Fri
day, thus preventing the unseemly inci
dents of the day when the checks were
first used at Powell and Market streets.
There was no demolition of feminine
finery, mussed bangs, crushed sleeves,
rumpled skirts, etc., and the volume of
masculine profanity was largely dimin
ished.
This was due as much to the fact that
the transfer agents had become more ex
pert in their duties as that the patrons of
the various lines which transfer at this
point had been impressively educated as
to what part the railway company ex
pected them to play in the puss-in-the
corner-like proceedings.
The same number of transfer men were
on hand yesterday, re-enforced as before
by spotters and policemen.
In view of the fact that ail this disturb
ance has been created for the sole purpose
of outwitting the bojswho sell newspa
pers with a transfer as a premium, the
effect on the lads is a matter of interest.
This is how one of them reviewed the sit
uation from the standpoint of himself and
comrades:
"Why, say, we're just in it, and we only
hopes it's come to stay. Der ain't one o'
de kids, I guess, dat hasn't made more
dough yesterday and to-day den for many
a day. Why dem agents is chumps, ana
so i*de company. £>ey ain't sot time to
look into der books to see when a check
bes been piven to a passenger, and we
used cnecks that we got at 9 o'clock in de
mornin' at 5 o'clock at night, see! and
dats why we can make more money. We
don't haf to tro' any transfers away like
we used to do when dey only was good fer
twenty minutes, and den we gets
our checks fer nothin' now where
we had to give some gents a
paper for one before. You see we get free
papers for a nickel, so we still made a
nickle on free papers. Now we make a
dime on dem. See? Bo take it altogether
and we don't care how long dey keep it
up, only de cops, especially Officer Morri
sey hes been trying to do us up by chasing
us away from de corners. We aon't see
why dey want to nelD de company when
dey don't gpt umthin' extra."
"Yes," chimed in a little 4-foot chap,
"you jest oug^nt to roast Morrisey good.
He took a whip away from one of the kids
and started to slash us wid it."
"Say, don't you know de people are all
wid us?" continued the first lad. who then
went on with much unction and to the de
light of the crowd of youthful auditors
which had meanwhile gathered about him
to demonstrate his claim.
"Dis afternoon a rich bloke, all rigged
up in fine new clothes, and who, I guess,
owns some stock in de company, stood on
de corner over der (pointing to the north
west corner of Powell and "Eddy streets)
ana looked as if he wanted ter buy a paper.
When a boy passed him one wid a transfer
he took dem, tore up de transfer and
handed back de paper. He did dis several
times. Den a friend come along. He
was a rich bloke, too, and a
great swell, with a big overcoat,
you know, and a sporty tie, and dey got
talking and the last bloke lie began to
Jautrh and I heard him say 'I'm de friend
of de newsboys in dis fight.' Den he called
a boy and bought a paper and a check.
De first bloke told him ef he tried to
change de check for a transfer he would
squeel on him. De man dat said he was
our friend den walked over to de agent
across de street and asked for a transfer.
His friend told de agent not to change it
as he bought it from a newsboy. Den de
udder feller he said if he didn't change it,
and pretty quick, he'd lose his job
and de company would get de worse of it.
Dat settled it; he got hia transfer and dcii
laughed at his friend saying: 'These lads
are trying to make a little money, while
your company's got money to burn". Dats
de way wid most of de people. Dey ain't
got no use for tne company and its mean
tricks to try to do us up."
Where before the newsboys found it
difficult to secure enough transfers to give
one with each paper, all yesterday showed
a superfluity of them, and some were sell
ing transfers alone— sometimes for 5
cents each and sometimes two for 5 cent 9
and the cry now heard from the
newsboys at this point ia not the
names of the paper they have for
sale, but the kinds of transfers they can
supply. "Powell, Market and Eddy
streets is the common cry, showing that
the full variety of transfers is plentiful
with ail.
Orchestral Concert.
Next Thursday evening the first concert un
der the auspices of the recently-organized Or
chestral Society will take place at the Young
Men's Christian Association Auditorium, Ma
son and Ellis streets", at 8 o'clock. Miss Millie
Flynn, soprano, and Mr. Waldemar Lind, vio
lin soloist will participate. Mr Alexander T
Sh'STof 8 t d h reCt r ° the «>Clety r and c d have
char(?e of the programme. Forty of our first
amateur players will take part. • v
The next London show sensation is to
be the entombment of a man for six days
under six feet of earth. They expect 'to
dig him up alive. F
NEW, TO-DAY.
RAMBLER OFFERS
no 101 o N ? - 10 ' ls ' l2^ 13, 14 and IS.
minute Souvenirs: 1 * -° UVenlr for the rider lift vlug the greatest number of Rambltr Two-
Tw^mliiQte S ouvc™hs. SOUVenir f ° r the G - * J Tiro rider having the greatest number of G. & jr. Tire
G. ■« I J?T?rei"in : «ride t r wtVSf 25 " Competition Road Record is broken on a Rambler, fitted with
«. » j. * ires, me rider will be presented with a valuable special Bouv«nir.
or farther '^ _\ Tliog. H. B. VARNEY,
Particulars .•_____ ; /\ : : ." , <J^\ • / _; ■ ___--- • jfan.l,l »i
Of the.c and V/j F§W&l "**""* TeDth Md
thftn r ?fti^Ki Ev l r^ U OO6 the 2 0-nille Road Record is broken In competition, on any machfna nth«f
NO n?* b K l ? tted wltb G - *J - liK>8 ' ft valuable special souvenir will be presented -
fitted withirl 0 ! holder of lhe mIlt " Road Reconl °" December 1. 1596, I* Sa aKamVer Blovcle
fitted with G. &J. Tires, we will prf«ant a Grunrt Souvenir va'uc<l at 8150? - Kambler Bicycle,
hi* -i "• 15— Provided the 25-mile Road Record on December 1, 1896. is held ov th« ,m», «__
G^^r^^^r^ fiued witb G - * J - Tires ' we wp^&xzgsss&si
f , T _ v ■ -' iSTJOGSSTXOKTS. ; :--.-.' •■■ ■-
t ? ■ it v vi v R 22 Bter your milt at the "BJclorama" once a week, Monday nrof«r«wi
- ll'i. » iKY ItIDEBS- Kegister yonr inileace as above with Rambler • A»n?«. P !? ™; '_.
■lgned by 8 riders or the Rambler Agent.direct to 1 HOS. H. B. VARNBY, cor affc?^?^ *1 *a Tl
CIUBS-Report mileage of each rider, also total club mileage, each week m abov • Tenth, ***
NO LIMIT TO THE NU3IBEE Off SOUVISNIRB.
LOOKING FOR A CRANK
A. W. Bowman, a Writer ot
Visiting Cards, in Great
Demand.
Wanted by the Pcstoffice Authorities
for Sending Obscene Matter
Through the Mails.
m Charles A. Anderson, 927J4 Folsom
street, applied to Judge Low yesterday
morning for a warrant for the arrest of A.
W. Bowman on the charge of criminal
libel.
Anderson produced a letter he had re
ceived signed "A. W. Bowman" which
was full of obscene and scurrilous matter.
Judge Low had a consultation with Cap
tain Lees, and the captain showed him
several letters of a similar nature that had
been sent by Bowman to other prominent
citizens, including himself and Chief
Crowley, and Rev. C. Anderson of the
Swedish Church on Jessie street between
Sixth and, Seventh.
As it was not deemed possible for a case
of criminal libel to stand Anderson was
advist-d to lay the matter before Postofflce
In spector Erwin so that the Inspector
could take action against Bowman for
sending obscene matter through the mails.
Anderson at once waited upon Inspector
Erwin who said he would take prompt
steps to have Bowman arrested.
Anderson is a writer of visiting cards and
usually took up a position on the corner of
Jones and Market streets.
He is looked upon by the police as a
"crank." Ever since the murders in the
Emmanuel Baptist Church he has been
pestering Captain Lees with, letters in
sisting that the walls of the church should
be pulled down as he knew there was the
cody of another young woman buried in
the walls.
He has had a mania for writing all sorts
of letters to people and one man at least
was threatened with death.
Bowman was not seen around his usual
haunts yesterday and it is thought that he
has left the City to escape arrest.
Harvard is the highest land in Colorado,
14,452 feet.SUNDAY MAY 3. 1896
I AMUSEMENTS. '
Baldww Tkatkr — "The Strange Adventures
m Miss Brown," fo-morrow night.
California Theater— "The Politician."
Columbia Theater— Love for Love."
Morosco's OPKRA-HorsE— -'Lady Ml."
2 ivox-i Opkba-HouBk.-"B1u« Beard."
Orpixkcii— High-Class Vaudeville.
GBovKß'e Ak:a7.ar.— -My Son- in -Law."
The Auditobitoi— Corner of Jones and Eddy,
itreets— Prof. D. M. BrUtoll's Eqaes-Currlculum.
Y.M. C. A. Auditorium, corner .Mason and Ellis
Bts.— Benefit •Concert in aid of the Newsboys'
Home, Tuesday evening. May 6. .
Mark Hopkins* Institute or Abt.— Spring
exhibition of Paintings. -
.Sutxo Const Island— and Perform-
ances. - , . - ■
• ■ Shoot tkk Chutes— Dally at Height street, one
Mock east of the Park. - ' • "~ i -
v ' Pacific Jockky Club.— Races to-morrow.
'•". ''" PICNICS AND EXCURSIONS.
-Ho! For thk Santa Cruz Mountains.— The
• First Anniversary 1 ursion and Family Picnic
•• of the Union Printers' Mutual Aid Society will be
1 held on Thursday, May 21, at Glenwood Pane
Ei, Cam PC— Music, Dancing,. Boating, Fishing,
' .'every Sunday. " '."
. . • Hatwakds.Park— Haywards— -Musical
• Programme, every Sunday. . 4-> r ;-i
" -I" ' -'.': AUCTION SALES.
"•■'- B> F. T. • KJCKtEß— Monday, May 4. Rare
Oriental Curios at t 419 Kearny street, at 11 a. m.,
' 2 and 7p. M."
By L. H. Bubd— Monday. May 4, Japanese Fur-
■■ niture and Crockery at 211 Larkin street. at 11
• o'clock. . • .
• By J. C. Mctheb— Monday. May 4, Restaurant,
• at 733 Market street, at 11 o'clock.
-. • ; By W. P. McLkod— May 5, at Twelfth
and Market streets. : •,-;
• . 'By William J. Pingkb— Saturday, May 16,'
•.. Real Estate, near Dvwebt Way and Telegraph
• ■"avenue. Berkeley /at 2 o'clock.
V y.\ Shainwald. BrcKBKE <fc Co.— Wednesday,
v May '27, Real Estate, at salesroom, 218 Mont-
• •. eomery street, at 12 o'clock.
'1 " By A. M. spkck <fc Co.- Wednesday, May 6,
Beal Estate, at salesroom, 602 Market street, at
'•-' 12 o'clock. ■ . ■ -
CITY NEWS IN BRIEF.
" ■ Eli Shepard is suing to be made a party in
■■ : some of Nobby Clarke's suits.
• The Socialist Labor party will soon establish
■ headquarters on Market street.
• '..- The weather prophet has provided a fair
• Sunday with light westerly winds.
6 Owing to Dr. Brown's indisposition the First
Congregational Church will be closed to-day.
A devil-fish weighing nearly 100 pounds was
caught in the bay of San Francisco yesterday.
The Supreme Court has rendered an interest-
In c decision regarding the Corte Madera grant
■ ■. titles,
" The two divisions of the naval battalion
. of this City have taken new alters on the
. ■ water front.
I: ' : The San Francisco Yacht Club will open Its
■. . Kaon with a cruise from Sausalito this after
' ' .noon at 1 o'clock.
• ' -. The winners at Inglcside yesterday were
• ;' IxiV.elight, All Over, Don Caesar, Montalvo,
• "• Commission and Goodwin 11.
[jS3£ Fire destroyed the lead reduction works of
W. P. Fuller & Co. yesterday morning. The
. less is placed at about ¥250,000.
• The regular Fifth Congressional District
committee yesterday decided in favor of seat
. ing the delegates on the regular ticket.
Frederick Burns, a laborer, was arrested here
. yesterday on the chaige of committing a burg
lary in Selma, Fresno County, on April 26.
. Gustave.Bresse has applied for letters of ad
• .: ministration on the estate .of his brother,
Louis C. Bres'se: . The estate is valued at
$•20,000.
The detectives -in the employ of the Pacific
Surely Company have so far tailed to find any
trace* of Ryan, the defaulting treasurer of
Acme Court. . , ;
Newsb.vs had transfers "to burn yesterday as
the result of Manager Vining's new check
transfer system, and did a more thriving busi
ness than ever.
A bitter freight rate war is on between the
Southern Pacific Company and the combined
forces of the Union Pacific and the Kio Grande
Western for Utah business. ;/vt.'v.
Kate ttachman is suing: the Market-street
Railway Company.for $10,000 for injuries, re
ceived by being thrown from a McAllister
street car on March 30. 1895."
Mrs. Susan B. Martin, who is now in the
Branch County Jail, was 'booked «t the City
Prison on the charge of murder following the
indictment by the Grand Jury.
• • ■' The cottage, 1058 McAllister street, occupied
' br Policeman \V>iliam Callinan, was almost
• totally wrecked yesterday morning by a. gas
. explosion and he was badly- burned.
. •• F. W. Dohrmana, president, and J.Richard
> reud, secretary, of the Merchants' Association
■ .- -addressed a large meeeting last night in the
Mission on the proposed new charter.
The four troops the Fourth United States
.Cavalry, now stationed at the Presidio, will
■•", " leave this morning for patrol duty, at the Gov
ernment parks, Yosemite and Sequoia.
:=* On - application of District Attorney Barnes
: • *- the Stanford collateral heirs have been ordered
:'.'• to turn in the amount of (heir inheritance tax
at once. The tax amounts to $275,350.
Committees from the local Butchers' Board
. of Trade are going to interior towns to invite
■ those interested in the trade to be present at
..' • the third annual celebration on May 20. -
-- : Judge Morrow says .the act of Congress
authorizing the- establishing of a training
fenool on Goat island is the most important
-. concession ever granted to the Pacific Coast.
] The; residents of the Fairmount district are
eager to have better protection . for their
■ homes against fire. They want an engine and
■. ' hoseeart located in the center of the district.
. Ellen Larkin is .suing the Market-street Rail
. ;-' way Company f or's2s,ooo damages for injuries
■ received in .defendant's cars. She was injured
• by the premature start of an Eddy-street elec
: trie-car on May 15, 1895.
..•". The Manufacturers' and Producers' Associa
;•. tion have begun a movement comparable in
-. importance to their stand against the intro
.' duction of Japanese manufactures; this is to
..-prohibit tne transmittance of the products of
;-• .. convict labor from one State to another.
'. . - In order to provide work for many of its un
•;.•„ employed members the building trades unions
. • will endeavor to secure a half-holiday on
Saturdays. This in the long run would be
equivalent to each working man sharing half
." a day's -work and; half a day's pay with those
■who at present suffer in idleness.
FESTIVE HUNGARIANS.
. Their Country One Thousand Tear* Old
«•■>.•* r ": ;. and Hundreds In ThltClty
°" - s *. Observe the Day.
, •• '/ Hungary was 1000 years old yesterday,
and the fact was duly celebrated last nignt
at Saratoga Hall, where several hundred
Hungarians, comprising the local colony,
* gathered and listened to a programme es
. pecially appropriate to the occasion. -
■'- -In their native land the day was one of
. particular rejoicing ; and ceremony by the
Hungarian people.
A millennial exhibition inaugurated by
Francis Joseph 1 marked .the royal recog
o nition of the great event. All the nobility
of the land, the legations from foreign
countries and the most representative sci
" entific and literary , persons " in the king
dom witnessed the ceremony, with which
the exposition was opened. 1
A, large banquet' was given by the local
Hungarians -last night after the follow-
I literary and musical programme had
been rendered
Overture. Rosner's Hungarian Orchestra;
opening speech (Hungarian) by the president
of the society, J. Fried: tableau, Arpad, the
founder of Hungary— Erdely, Fots, Hvizdos,
Gerendap, Kazinzlcy. Szejredy, Wieser and Mrs.
Fried, Mrs. M. E. Rosner, Mrs. Rosner and Mrs.
Btelner; orator of the evening. Arpad Harasz
thy; Kossuth march, orchestra; Hungarian
song, Mrs. Arpad Bauer; Hungarian na
tional dance -* Misses Barbette Ciine, Marie
try, Gertie Friedlander. Edna and Margaret
, Honn, Jessie Horn, Tillie Imhoi, Irma Roth;
bzozat and Kossuth song, by the 1. H. a S. F.;
Hungarian speech, Lajos Steiner; "Star
spangled Banner," orchestra; solo on cimbal.
Miss Rosa Fully; Hungarian national hymn,
r y thel. H. S. S - X.; "America," the audience
is kindly requested to join in • the chorus;
csardas; waltz; Bouper march, Ralcoczi.
Willis Goes to Mare Inland.
United States Minister Willis was so much
recovered from his illness yesterday that he
was able to leave the Occidental, where he has
been stopping and go to Mare Island to visit
friends. Mrs. W illis and their young son went
with him. He may stay two or three days.
GOAT ISLAND'S
TRAINING SCHOOL
Judge Morrow Talks En
thusiastically About
the Project.
BIG DEMAND FOB PLAGES
Young Sons of the Rich and
Poor Already Seeking
Information.
IMPORTANT TO SAN FRANCISCO.
The Government Will Soon Appoint
a Commission to Divide tbe
Now Desert Island.
It is less than ten days since the Presi
dent signed the bill providing for a naval
training school on Goat Island, yet since
this action scores of mothers and fathers
with sons within the required age have
called on the Federal officers, anxious to
know when the station would be formally
opened.
It is generally conceded that a naval
training station at San Francisco will be of
vast benefit to the Pacific Coast in general
and this City in particular. Judge Mor
row, who really fathered the scheme, is
greatly enthused over the school, and de
clares with much earnestness that it is the
most important recognition yet accorded
to California.
"To Senator Perkins and Congressman
Hilborn must be given the credit for the
training station," he said yesterday. "The
Senator has been indefatigable in his ef
forts to secure the passage of the bill. He
also worked very hard to secure an appro
priation of 1100,000 with which to begin
worK on the buildings, but Senator Gor
man, who. as is well known, 'killed' two
battleships, opposed the proposition and
so the appropriation was temporarily de
feated. There is no question in my mind,
however, but that the next Congress will
authorize the construction of suitable
buildings.
"Durine my term in Congress I made an
effort to establish such a school, but ves
sel-building was thought to be more im
portant at that time, so this matter was
placed in the background. Since the
President signed the bill authorizing the
training school scores of people — the very
best in the City — have made inquiries of
me as to when the station would be
opened. The lack of manufactories in
this City makes an institution of the kind
authorized by Congress particularly de
sirable. The coys will be well educated
and, what ia nearly as important, trained
in such a way as to develop the physical
man.
"It may not be generally known, but
there is only one training school in Amer
ica and that is in Newport. I refer, of
course, to sailors and boys. Annapolis is
reserved exclusively for" the training of
otticers. Heretofore the number of boys
allowed in the navy has been 750 — men
and t>oys» 8000. Owing to the demand for
sailor" the attendance at Newport is only
about 300 or 400 a year. The full limit of
750 will soon be reached, -however, and it
is proposed that half be stationed here and
the balance at Newport. It is not impos
sible that in time the limit will be raised
to 1500. This will, of course, greatly in
crease the importance of the Goat Island
station.
"The department will, I suppose, in a
few days appoint a board to select the site
on Goat Island for the training station.
This board will consist of one army officer
and two naval officers. When this is done,
some of the ships composing the Pacific
squadron will be set aside as a training
ship, ready to receive such boys as care to
enlist. Of course, when the buildings are
erected, proper exercise grounds will also
be constructed.
. "Boys between the ages of 14 and 17 will
be allowed to enlist, and must serve until
tb<?y arrive at the age of 21. The wages
paid range from $9 to $21. In every par
ticular the training-ship becomes a man
of-war, and is officered by commissioned
and petty officers of the regular service.
"In due time the public generally will be
informed of all the conditions incident to
enlistment, and I believe that the present
year will witness more demands tor places
than the station can accommodate, until
the buildings are erected. For all this we
have to thank Senator Perkins and Con
gressman Hilborn."
The establishing of a training-school on
Goat Island forever does away with the
aspirations of the Southern Pacific to se
cure a lease on this valuable property.
They have made all sorts of propositions
to the Government with a view of securine
a foothold on the island and some years
ago came very near succeeding.
LOUIS BRESSE'S ESTATE.
His Brother Bag Applied for Letters
of Administration.
The estate of Louis C. Bresse, late ad
ministrator of the estate of James G.
Fair, has entered the Probate Court on a
petition for letters of administration filed
by Gustave G. Bresse, a brother of the
deceased.
The estate is valued at $20,000, and con
sists of real estate worth $5000 and per
sonal property valued at $ID,OOO. The
heirs are the widow, Emilia A. de Bresse,
aged 25, and the two children, Louis G.
Bresse and Marie Emilie Bresse, aged 5
and 2 years.
American Investor.
The April issue of The Investor is oat.
This magazine, by the Finance Publishing
Company, Mills building, San Francisco,
should receive the careful attention of
those interested in the progress of the
State, the work it is doing along this line
being of particular value. It places the
investment resources of the coast before
the public at home and abroad and advo
cates a number of measures, the execution
of which will be of vast advantage to the
development of California. It is edited by
Mr. Ambrose Harris, a financial writer of
recognized ability, who, as associate editor
of the National Underwriter and contribu
tor to various Eastern perodicals and
magazines, has made a national reputa
tion for clearness and originality of
thought.
The business men of San Francisco and
the interior towns should lend their cor
dial support to the enterprise.
Park Music To-Day.
The Golden Gate Park Band, weather permit
ting, will render the following programme to
day at the park, commencing at 2 p. m.:
"Bersagllert March" Eilenberg
Overture, "Raymond" A.Thomas
Fantasia, "Robert le Diable" g. Meyerbeer
Gavotte Saint Naens
Kpisodes in a Soldier's Life Kaprx>y
Overture, "Jolly KobtwiV Suunc
Piccolo solo, "Xlnloch of Klnloch" j. occa
(Mr. A. Loffttr.)
Introduction and Siciliana— -Cavaleria Rusti
cana" Maicagnl
(Horn obligato by Mr. E. Schlott.)
"Espana," val tz Walatenf el
"Le Pboceen," march Kakusy
Flynn's Financial Facts in The Populist.
50 cents per year. 17 Third street. •
THESAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY 3, 1896.
The Work of Raising the Sunken Ship Blairmore Was Begun Yesterday. The Wrecking Steamer
Whitelaw Was Towed Out to the Spot and Divers at Once Began Dismantling the Hull.
[Sketched by a "Call" artUL]
RAISING THE BLAIRMORE
Work on the Wreck Was Begun
by the Underwriters
Yesterday.
WILL FIRST BE DISMANTLED.
The Hull Will Then Be Floated hy
Means of Pontoons and
Pumped Out.
The work of raising the sunken British
ship Blairmore has at last begun. The
wrecking steamer Whitelaw was towed
out to the scene of the disaster yesterday
by the tug Sea Queen. Four sets of moor
ing lines were put out, and the Whitelaw's
crew is now hard at work.
When the divers were sent down they
found that it was impossible to work
among the wreckage. The rigging of the
sunken vessel has broken adrift and be
come twisted up into all kinds of snarls.
In consequence the men could not move
about, and the work of building three
floats was at once begun. On these the
men who handle the diving lines will be
able to move around as the divers move
from point to point of the ship.
Very little work was done yesterday,
but this morning everybody will be fully
engaged. The topmasts of the fore and
main have snapped off, and these will be
first removed. Then the standing rigging
will be cut away and sent up to the
wrecker. Next the yards will be cut away,
and lastly the masts will be taken out.
Captain Whitelaw thinks that this work
will take up about ten days, and then the
real task will begin. Pontoons will be
used and the same procedure will be fol
lowed as was used in the case of the City
of New York. The latter, however, was
hard and fast on the rocks, while the
Blairmore is only fast in the mud, and
the wreckers expect to have no ditiicultv
in raising her.
"The tide here runs like a millrace,"
said Captain Burns, the representative of
the English underwriters, yesterday. "In
consequence the divers wifl be restricted
to so many hours a day in which they can
work.
"Their heaviest task will be in cutting
away the standing rigging and removing
the masts. Then they will fasten the
lines around the hull and their work will
be done. The underwriters are taking all
the risks in the work of raising the Blair
more and I think we will make a success
of it."
The supposition is that when the Blair
more is placed on an even keel the ballast
in her hold will shift back to its original
position, and the bodies of the drowned
sailors will thus be released and will float
to the surface. A sharp lookout will be
kept for the remains, and every precaution
will be taken to keep them from drifting
away.
ALONG THE FRONT.
Narrow Escape of Chief Engineer
Thompson of the South
Coast.
Charley Thompson, the well-known and
popular engineer of the steam schooner
South Coast, had a narrow escipe yester
day. The vessel is on tne drydocfc for an
overhauling, and Thompson was under
the engines looking after some neces3ary
repairs. He got jammed in some manner,
and in his efforts to escape upset a can of
oil. His lamp also fell, and in a moment
there was a blaze. Thompson was bad ly
singed, but one of his tiremen saved him.
While the rescue work was going on the
woodwork took nre and it looked for a few
minutes as though the steamer would go.
One of the lire-engine houses was notified
and the hreboat was called out, but before
either of them arrived on the scene all
danger was over.
Captain George Harvey, the efficient and
popular master of one of the Shipowners'
and Merchants' Towboat Company's boats
was a proud and happy man yesterday.
It was he who managed the docking and
undocking of the battleship Oregon, and
the Union Iron Works sent him the follow
ine letter accompanied by a substantial
check.
Our board thoroughly appreciating the good
manner In which you handled the Oregon
and also the straightforwardness and ability
that you have shown in all cases in handling
ships at our works, beg to hand you herewith
a slight token of their regard.
Wishing you good health and future happi
ness, we remain, The Union Iron Works,
By H. T. Scott.
The new cannery steamer Kodiak got
away for Karluk last Friday night witn
passengers and supplies. She is the last
of the fleet and the salmon men will now
have a rest until the season is over. The
expectations are that the catch will be a
big one. _^____^____^_
MR. BUNNER'S ILLNESS.
His Wife Writes Here Giving All the
Details of Hi* Remarkable
Case.
Mrs. Bunner, wife of the editor of Puck,
has written from their home at Nuttin"*
N. J.. to Dr. G. E. Sussdorff, telling him
in detail of the condition of Mr. Bunner.
She says he stood the journey from San
Francisco well. He was very bright on
his arrival at first, and managed to get
downstairs two or three times, but the
exertion caused a slight collapse. She
employed Dr. Stillwell, and wauld have
got Dr. Edson and his consumption rem
edy, but was afraid that would alarm Mr.
Bunner. Dr. Stillwell made a careful ex
amination of his lungs and confirmed Dr.
Sussdorff's diagnosis in all particulars.
"The lesion is not very great." said Mrs.
Bunner, "but the tuberculosis is general.
and has been going on for some years, and
nothing can be done, or in Dr. Stillwell' s
opinion could ever have been done, to
avert the ultimate end.
"They do not think he will ever rally
enough to get np again. The cough has
almost entirely ceased, and he sleeps well,
but the pulse is very rapid. He is still
bright and hopeful, but we have increased
anxiety ourselves owine to the serious ill
iisss of his mother in New York, who is so
ill that we fear every moment may bring
us news of her death. Mr. Bunner doe&
not know of this."
Mrs. Banner adds that Dr. Stillwell con
siders it wonderful that Mr. Bunner was
able to get home at all, and she and Dr.
Stillwell are thankful for the care that was
given him in San Francisco. It is a very
pretfv letter which Mrs. Bunner writes.
The ailing editor was at the Occidental
here, as will be remembered.
PACIFIC YACHT CLUB.
It Will Open the Season Next Saturday
nt Sausallto.
The Pacific Yacht Clnb will have its
opening on the 9th inst., and it is ex
pected that many of the members and
their friends will go over to the beautiful
grounds of the club in the afternoon.
Upon the arrival of the party at the club
house dancing will commence. Visiting
the yachts and rowing will occupy the
afternoon. In the evening a large party
will ro over on a special tug, so that an
010-fashioned time at the Pacific Yacht
Club is in store.
The club is also procuring a number of
mooring? adjacent to the club wharf, so
that yachts and launches, and also small
boats", willji aye a good safe place to tie up
at any time.
There is more harmony among the yacht
clubs this season than ever, and they are
all assisting each other in reviving the
spirit of yachting and boating.
FAIRMOUNT FEARS FIRE
Residents of the District Will
Ask Supervisors for
Protection.
Streets That Are Badly in Need of
Improvement Aftrr the
Winter's Rains.
The Fairmount section of the Mission is
making slow progress in the line of its im
provements. An occasional new house is
seen goirg up; but like other localities
the streets are in sad need of repairs.
Market-street extension, alter years of
neglect, is now getting a share of public
attention by having two blocks, from
Fifteenth street to Seventeenth, paved
with bitumen.
Seventeenth street, for two blocks east
and west of Market street, is receiving
similar treatment.
Sixteenth street, from Market for two
blocks on the north side, is about to be
paved with bitumen, with granite curbing
for the sidewalk.
Similar improvement is promised for
Nineteenth street, as the curbing is being
hauled for that street east of Castro. From
that point out to Army street, the end of
Castro, the street is in a deplorable con
dition. On both sides of the car'tracks the
late heavy rains carried away the greater
portion of the street, leaving the tracks
high in the center.
People conductine business at the end of
Castro street are complaining of lack of
patronage since the electric-cars com
menced to run into the valley by Eigh
teenth street. The Twenty - second,
Twenty-fourth and the Twenty-niuth
street cars go past the doors and the
valley storekeepers feel the loss of trade.
Hopes are entertained, however, that
before long the Market-street Company
will extend the Castro-street line from its
junction with Army, along that street to
Diamond and then continue on that street
over Castro Heights to Mission street.
From Army it is said that the line will
be electric instead of cable. This will be
the means of opening up a new residence
section, the equal of which cannot be sur
passed within the limits of the City and
County for climate and scenery.
One of the many things for which the
Fairmount Improvement Club has been
asking is a fire engine for the valley.
There is no engine nearer than Douglas
and Twenty-first streets and Duncan be
tween Sanchez and Church streets. These,
it is claimed, are too far away from the
southern end of the Fairraouut district, as
was proved a few months ago when a
house was burned to the ground on
Chenery street before an engine or hose
cart arrived upon the scene. To remedy
this drawback the Supervisors will be
asked to make provision in the next year's
levy for the construction of a house and
the equipment of a company, to be located
on the rise of the hill about Thirtieth
street, so as to be near the Mission road
ana College Hill district.
WANTED IN SELMA.
Frederick_Burng_Arreated on a Charge
of Burglary,
Frederick Burns, a laborer, was booked
at the City Prison yesterday "burglary,
en route to Selma, Fresno County."
On April 26 the residence of Dr. Giereath,
Selma, was broken into and a quantity of
valuable jewelry, silk, ties and other ar
ticles stolen.
Constable R. E. Zimmerman of Selma
sent a description to Cuief Crowley of a
man suspected of the burglary, and yester
day Detective Gus Harper and Policeman
T. if. Bean saw a man answerinz the de
scription going into a pawnshop on Clay
street. They followed him and found
most of the stolen articles in his posses
sion.
Seizetl Diseased Beef.
Veterinary Surgeon Creely of the Board of
Health made an important seizure of diseased
beef in Butchertown yesterday. For some
time reports have been coming in that cattle
afflicted with "big jaw," a cancerous disease,
were being slaughtered and the meat sold to
butchers in this City, and Dr. Creely was in
structed to look out for them. Yesterday two
carcasses were found and condemned. 'Regu
lar inspections will be made in the future to
detect the meat of cattle suffering from this
cause.
• ♦ — »
Fourteen Yearn in Prisou.
Bernard Saville, who was convicted of forg
ing the name of Miss Teresa Bell to a i^JoO
check, was sentenced to fourteen years in the
State prison by Judge Belcher yesterday.
CORTE MADERA TITLES.
An Interesting Decision Regard
ing Them Just Ren
dered.
MILL VALLEY LAND AFFECTED
Nearing the End of a Lor. .-.i?
Property Adjoining a ' txicaa
Grant.
A decision of the keenest i to the
pcoDle of Mill Valley has :nded
down by the Supreme Cour Tlw cicci
sion was rendered in a ca ."ing
titles to land in the Ranc N '"-to de
Madera del Presidio.
The land in question was si .osed to b«
included in a grant from the A,'- Kioaa
ernmcnt in 1834 to Juan Reed, i patent
for the grant was issued to I o tain of
Reed in 1885. Before the gra:
surveyed and determined, thw unes from
whom the defendant, Gardner, and others
purchased secured a tract of land from
the Reed heirs which was supposed to be
in the grant. The survey upon which the
patent was issued was made in 1874 and
by it the lands purchased were excluded
from the grant.
In the meantime the plaintiff had filed
a homestead entry on the land in dispute,
ami when one of the holders under pur
chase from the Reed heirs made applica
tion for purchase from the United States,
undei an act which allows such a purchase
by persons buying in good faith land not
really but supposed to be included in a
grant, the plaintiff successfully opposed
the application for purchase. Then the
plaintiff applied for a patent under his
homestead entry and the Government
granted it.
Suit for possession was brought by
"Wormouth, and after one trial and an ap
peal tlie defendants filed an answer and
cross-complaint in which the court was
asked to declare that the plaintiff held
the land in trust for them. The plaintiff
demurred, and the demurrer was sus
tained, but the Supreme Court has re
versed this decision and has ordered that
the demurrer be overruled with permis
sion to the plaintiff to answer the cross
complaint if he saw fit.
In rendering its decision the Supreme
Court says it is an established rule that
whenever any patent is granted to a man
under misapprehension by the United
States, a court can, upon a hearing of the
facts, decree that the land is held in trust
for those to whom it rightfully belongs.
Continuing, the opinion says that the law
provides that when persons in good faith
purchase land of Mexican grants, which
grants have subsequently been rejected, or
when the lands purchased are excluded
from the survey, and when the lands have
been used and improved and continued in
actual possession, and where no adverse
title but that of the United States exists,
then tney have the right to purchase the
lands from the Government at the mini
mum price.
Continuing the opinion says it is evi
dent that F. Throckmorton, the appellant,
was wiihin the intention of this statute,
for he had purchased the land in good
faith, had improved it, and was therefore
entitled to avail himself of the statute.
This decision is of the greatest interest
to many of the residents of Mill Valley,
for much of the rland in litigation lies in
the most available portion of the valley.
The decision just rendered points to a
settlement of tne case in favor of the pur
chasers from the Reid heirs.
Church Election.
St. Paul's Episcopal church has elected the
following named officers: John I. Sabin, senior
warden; Harry Elver, junior warden; George
Andross, clerk; A. S. Hubbard, assistant clerk;
James H. Wallace, treasurer; M. B. Kellogg,
A. E. Selfridge Sr., A. S. Hubbard, C. D. Wheat
and E. L. Levy, delegates to the forty-sixth an
nual diocesian convention. The State Conven
tion will be held in Grace Church on Tuesday
next, commencing at 10 o'clock in the fore
noon.
YEW TO-PAT.
¥h¥owl
DRUG CO.,
CUT-RATE
JMGGISTS.
Don't Be Swindled. *
Save Your Dimes.
Come Direct to
The Owl
For your Prescriptions. You
always Ret what you order and
you save 4O to 6O per cent.
Lydta Pinkham's Compound ($1 size) .....75c
Paine's Celery Compound ($1 sire) :............ ei)c
Hood's or Joy's Sarsapanlla ($1 size) 65c
Carlsbad Salts' ($1 5ize).."...:...;..-. .....:;. 65c
Pond's Extract or syrup of Figs (60c size) 35c
Woodbury's 50c Size
Facial 25c per Cake
Soap 3 Cakes for 50c
CfIEWISG Gin, ALL P,!i.l.ms.:i FOR 10c.
Country Orders filled at our regu-
lar Cut Prices.
Goods delivered free to Oakland,
Alameda and Berkeley.
1128 JVE.^JEt.KXra 1 ST.,
BAN FRANCISCO.
Corner Tenth St. and Broadway, Oakland,
CONVICT LABOR
UNDER THE BAN
Prison Goods Should Not
Be Sent From State
to State.
HURT KOME INDUSTRY.
Manufacturers Take the First
Step of an Important
Movement.
FREE LABOR CANNOT COMPETE.
Julian Sonotag Has Been Chosen to
Lay tbe Matter Before Governor
Budd.
The Manufacturers' and Producers' As
sociation, in forwarding a letter yesterday
to the Board of State Prison Directors ask
ing that the tobacco manufactured by con
vict labor in the Eastern and Southern
States be not furnished to tbe prisoners in
the State prisons, is the incipient step of a
movement comparable in importance to
the determined stand taken by that body
a few months hence regarding the influx
oi Japanese manufactures.
In tbeir letter they stated that in Cali- j
fornia there were runny tobacco manufac
turers who import the lte.l tobacco from I
the South and make it into plug and cct
tobacco, thereby giving employment to a J
I great number of people, and also tzzs boxe?. '
; labels, etc, made l»y California aecuenics.
' They further sUte that free labor cannot '•
j compete with convict labor, and that in j
giving orders for tobacco frerc Southern
1 or Eastern prisons citizens of Ibis State
are deprived of employment »nd our!
manufacturers of business that xfcey are j
entitled to receive from Btat» institutions. !
. f'Tbe adorers' and Producers'
i AiVjdathm is aware that ruany reputab!« i
;>rmsoi th« City also buy their poods ri:- i
tect from these orisons.''
It is the intention of [the aFsoc.'dtfon jl>
bring about tbe insertion of a claxiie in the
law regulating tne commerce between
States, making it unlawful to import the
result of convict labor from one Stato into
another, and to tins end a specially ap
pointed committee is quietly gathering
data on the subject which will be used in
their endeavor to cause this prohibiting
. clause inserted during the next session of
the Legislature. To further Insure the
success of their plans they have asked
Julian Sonntag, their former active mem
ber, that he lay the matter before the Gov
i ernor with a view to ascertaining what
measures should be taken to counteract
this evil.
Mr. Sonntag said yesterday: "The Man
ufacturers and Producers know that to
bacco from the penitentiaries of Southern
! States has been furnished to our State in
stitution; and not only this they also
know that carloads of furniture and har
ness have been received from these places
by large firms of this City, in fact, the
articles that are dumped into this State
from Eastern and Southern prisons are al
most too numerous to mention.
"The framing of a law prohibiting such
-l^-,.-,. '-**? W TO ' P A ~ PR T GOODS. o -
107-108 post STREET,
1820-1222-1224 3Vr^3k.jFL ISLET STREET. °-,
HpLJIQ A Wash Fabric selling—
I 1110 some of the prettiest
cloths ever made — both
II7CEI/1C stores. *|-
WEEK'S Some Warp Prim Silks,
all that was left of a man-
rvmr^sw a w facturer's stock bought,
>PFrl A I and to be sold accordingly.
±->* L^\^lr\L^ Introduction of a won-
derful Dollar Glove, our
OO I INQS. More Dress Goods Price-
LI VJ I I IvJ O« More Dres s Goods Price-
cutting at our Market-
street store, just to keep
up with the times.
A Cushion Sale.
A Warp Print Ribbon
event.
*~ -*
WASH FABRICS. LAUNDERED SHIRT WAISTS.
■More than 180 styles and color effects.' &&n* Perfectly laundered
Dresden and Persian patterns are most in de- frV*?4 that ie nn« of their mm!
mand this season. We. have them In almost vOmEksLV Hint one features in If
mand this season. We have them In almost W7? admirable features
every fabric. We show stripes, checks, floral T&J they are "done ud" rizht
designs. linen colors, anything, everything: *T*JBgm the «r*t time they a"-
new and desirable in the Wash Fabric World. | .^^SKlP^jft, lays "do Tp'' ri^h? -
7 |!fflWEw^>i and then the 200 differ-
FANCY DIMITY-Warranted fast CO.- llPif^^ showi^" ir^cuT .'n'S
ors-many designs exclusive with us 1 QIC VSNttft W&Bs£tt : madias they should be
• . «Vv^*>'ifi the yoke in back matched
IMPORTED SCOTCH DIMITIKSi— So £v3ss^/»!% and* the colors war-
«hwr as to tie almost transparent— ' QCC rsG^#////''»y\ ranted perspiration
stylish, serviceable— colors porsplra- £O '////?/Ui nroof
tlonproof Yard "^8? Jwo7. yr««».
__.„ ,_»-__ . 1 "~ ";, , FIRST-CLASS PERCALE WAISTS—
GRASS ON EN-In natural linen colors "I CC Perhaps 60 patterns and colors to CAO
\ ; —the popular wash fabric of the sea- ±O choose from— cut and made just as «»U
son. Our price Yard well us tlie more expensive ones m Each
LAPPET LACK- All [Openwork material ' I? en P a n r> A D niITT WAI BTS-SonM
—new Honlton lace daintily wlth white collars, some with detach- '
tinted backgrounds— a novelty -first- OAC able collars, some Dresden, Persian. Ori 1 .50
shown about ten days ago— should De £.\J ental patterns-striped linen color ef-«J)JL
26c Yard . feets — very new and desirable quality • Each
FRENCH FAILLE— handsome ribbed TRAY CLOTHS 15C.
cotton 1 fabricresembilng faille silk- STAMPED MOMIE LINEN TRAY
soft finish -Oriental. Persian and Ores- - CLOTHS- 20 by 30 incnes-sewed
den designs— all the new colorings. OAC . fringe all around and stamped In the IXC
Instead of 25c 4d\J . latest artistic deslgns-a quality nsu- ID
- ' '. ■ ■ • - -'• - ally sold at Use .....'..■... Each
WHITE DOTTED BWISB-Not flat dots, OAC . -_. . .n."r"«.
but raised embroidered dots. Excel- ZXJ .COLUMBIA GLOVES.
len k«gyd t ce 8 ll 3Bc .-35cand4r>c-yan,. +*?™J^™ZS££FSJ£2 '
^,-r. nT -.«r» nn .„ . „ ,'- ;' '2_' ' t ; the color lines include black, cham-
GOLF SUITINGS - Soft-finish duck, P pagne, tans, reds, grays, green and
■ small checks and pepper and salt ef- "I OIC i navy— they were made at our special
fects-lißbt, medium or dark colors— X— 3 . order In France, and we feel confident
just the thing for outing costumes — Yard that they are the best 91 glove ever
"• ' — : "..■..' shown Id this city— fit and Kuaran- C»1 ,00
BEST FRENCH PERCALE— B patterns, tee them— some $1 BO gloves are really «JpX —
■ In pretty patterns and new colorings— "I OIC no better..:...;....;. .-...;.;.:....... Pair
will wash well and outwear the orJi- J.ZI2 . »».,^^' •"
nary percales-regular price 15c. Now Yard RIBBON CHANCE.
, WARP PRINTED RrßßONS— Every
— ~~ _ ; thread. silk— widths 3. 3% -and 4
_--___ »_,_ — «.._ ._ inches— the most beautiful of this sea-
' WHITE APRONS 15C. son's designs and - colorings— at the
first of the season we sold these quali-
FULL-SIZED WHITE APRONS— Made ties and widths at 50c, 60c and 75c—
of fancy nainsook with striped bor- "I CC this is the list of a maker's stock OAC
ders— wide strings— usually 25c bpe- . -1 O which \re bought so low that we can- OU ■
-dal this week at .....;..... ....„:-.... '-Each : . sell at.'............... Yard?
ffrPWTtfhiTrt-TnTHTt'ir^J^-^ii-i-fr r»-1-ir— ir i*«n>Mfi¥ii ■ " - - . . .- . .... .... . . •.-
traffic will prove a wonderful factor in the
improvement of California industry. It is
right in the line of the Manufacturers'
and Producers' work, and you may bo
sure they will push it to the bitter end.
'The association has asked me to take
the matter before the Governor. I have
consented to do this and will do my ut
most toward accomplishing their wish be
cause I consider it an exceedingly serious
matter.
'j ßefore I resigned from their body I
had looked inio this matter considerably
and convinced myself that Japanese com
petition cannot equal it as a menace to our
State a prosperity.
"I will explaint he matter to the Gover
nor and show hi nithe unjustness of com
pelling Cahfo rnia industry to compete
with the penal labor of other States. No
man wno pays his employes for their hire
can ever hove to compete with prison
labor. To abolish the traffic would be to
put our manufacturers on their proper
level.
"Anybody can see what the outcome of
such a movement as this will be. Its re
sults for good will b<> incalculable.
•'I have been told by bidders for prison
goods that it ; has been the policy of the
directors to consider price first rather than
quality. The sample-room idea has been
entirely eliminated. This was the prac
tice that brought about the introduction
of inferior and convict-made goods within
the State institution.
il The magnitude of this question, al
though perhaps not generally known at
present, will be fully demonstrated before
the Manufacturers and Producers hays
finished their efforts."
ADULTERATED JELLIES.
Professor Wenzell of the Board of
Health Renders a Partial Report
on the Subject.
Professor Wenzell, the chemist of the
Board of Health, has rendered a partial
report of his investigations into the East- -
em jellies and fruits that are sold in the
Californian market at such prices as to
render competition by local canners im
possible.
He has discovered that adulterants are
used to a large extent, and that in some
cjises tise particular form arflftf ix'uUA -'■
jsiir is called has no part in its coiar^J«-^?-i
tion. The gist of bis report is as loY'.'V&i
! The investigation v,hlch 1* Vs^aa I will be
I unatle to complete within a raonth, so is to
I make out a coinpl.-.te and ssslstacwry report,
i bntlviishto report to your bonorilile JtiXl?
i that an hs as I h&vo gone ta* jfldi.y -. -
pure ;siTawkvTrT^i\V-Qf Ea^fftcttsnu^ft-;;:
I tnre,dc«3not contain anTXriwiwrry at cJW
i but is a substitute, evidently of a -A-ortbleiA
j nature, aui is, in my opinion, unfit to bo use 4 •
II for Auman food, it "being i alter « ted to an ■.'
alerialog eit-nt. • . .
My außlyslE. when c3mplFte.'l h will : chow its
! «rj.«cv cuaipcsmou, ir;d w «~ .-« prova it . ■
J to be a moit vV.i nvi'l unr* a^lewiue eompciind.\ : ;
818 1 Professor "Wendell also state." that h« h%9-
J bren fnformccl that- zna'hy carloads of
{ Adulterated .-Eastern frn'i jolly has been,
»" annual!/ brought int>- this market and
j cola us tug pare lornia product.
WANTS CLARKE'S JUDGMENTS.
The Assignee of the Insolvent Sue* to
•Join in Actions.
Eli T. Shepard, assignee of the insol
vent Alfred Clarke, is suing in the Su
perior Court to have himself made plain
tiff in the suits of Alfred Clarke against
the Occidental Loan Association and the
Orecron Improvement Company.
li is alleged in the complaint that for
the purpose of defrauding his creditors
Clarke allowed a dismissal, and now
Shepard wants that dismissal set aside or
that a judgment be given to him as as
signee for tbe full amount of the promis
sory notes which Clarke was suing for.
He Beat His Wife.
E. R. McManus, a purser on one of the coast
steamers, was sent to the County Jail by Judge
Joachimsen yesterday for beating his wife a
lew days ago. There is a suit for divorce pend
ing between them and McManus while drunk
went to where his wife was stopping and beat
her with his fists. Mrs. McManus has the -cus
tody of their thTee young children.
78
DISASTROUS FIRE
ON BATTLE STREET
Lead Reduction Works of
Fuller & Co. De
stroyed.
LOSS PROBABLY $150,000.
There Is Considerable Mystery
Surrounding the Origin of
the Fire.
MANY RESIDENCES DESTROYED
Nearly a Score of Poor People Are
Left Home ess— Fireman and
Policeman Injured.
". The most disastrous fire seen in San
Francisco since the Brannan-street con
flagration nearly a c year ago occurred yes
.: terday morning when tne reduction works
" of W. P. Fuller & Co. on Fremont and
Beale streets, between Howard and Fol- s
gorn, were totally destroyed. In addition
: to this the machine shop of Murray Bros."
and some half a dr.zeu residences in the
--• "tame block were also burned.
; ". Toe buildings named were completely
gutted, the loss being variously estimated
■ at from $130,000 to $200,000. ..
.. . The cause and origin of the. fire is at
unknown. At 3:40 o'^idck an
■• early petteslrian, passfife "along Folsom
'•. 'detected an intense glare. Whew he
reached Beale street the flames were to be
'•}'. seen issuing from the shop of Murray
.. Bros., 252 Beale street. Back.of.this estab
• lishment Jay the .reduction works »nd
.'.there' the flames were burning briskly. An
. alarm. was turned in from box 51 at 1:52
a.m. and. minutes later a second call
•. was sounded... At 4:13 Chief Sullivan or
dered a general alarm, fifteen engines, re
'•sponding; to the call. . :; ■: ;
..To conquer' the flame*,. in view of the
: - start and ..the combustible material on
- .which they ted, was a physical pm
: -..possibiliiy.;- So the firemen directed their
'.'energies. -toward keeping the fire within
the block bounded by Folsom, Howard,
. Beale and Fremont streets. • It was a hard,
long drawn out. battle, but the firemen
. .finally won. ' ,
•" •. The reduction works of W. P. Fuller &
Co. -extended fiom Beale to Fremont
streets. It was a large, three-story frame
• structure, with about 100 feet frontage and
,-. filled from garret to cellar with combusti
. ble materials, oils forming a large part of
• the.stock.on hand. \An effort was made to
..prevent the tire from extending to the
• vats, but the result showed it was so much
lime wasted.. In less than fifteen minutes
• : the. entire building was a seething mass'
, of ' flames, various arms of which. shot
•'skyward some fifty feet or more.
"■ ■:. Ad joining- tho reduction works to the
'■ •north was the big . four-story brick build
. ing .used by. Fuller & Co.. as a paint and
oil factory. This also extends through to
Fremont street. After a time the heat
• .-grew so intense that the big iron shutters
on the south side became warped-, and in
two 'or three instances actually melted.
•Xn a few. nipments the second story caught
firo." near the center, and with astonishing
'.rapidity soon .gutted the' building for a
' distance of 125 feet toward Fremont street.
Every tffort was made, to save the con
" tents, but the heat was so intense as to
prevent the firemen from approaching
near enough to do any actual good. Their
efforts therefore were directed toward the
o 'front. of. th« "building, which escat>ed any
. serion? damage. Much of the costly
.machinery -.however, was confined in the
Fremont end of the building, and it went
* tumbling to the basement a mass of ruins.
OnFolsota street, between Beale and
Fremont,' were a number of one and two
story frame dwellings,* abutting in many
.instances the reduction works. When the
..fire was- first discovered, the occupants
were.- asleep,- but -when they were finally
aroused, not. many stood on the order of
their going. ,. Gathering such wearing ap
parel as was within easy reach, the occu
pants fled hastily to the street, satisfied to
escape with their lives. In many instances
men, women and children reached the
street in scanty, shivering attire. A few
hazardous spirits succeeded in rescuing
EXTERIOR AND INTERIOR VIEWS OF THE BURNED BUILDINGS ON BEALE STREET.
ISketckml by a "Call " artiiL]
some furniture and wearing apparel, but in
the main the household goods were totally
destroyed.
The two-story frame building in the rear
of 320 Folsom street, owned by P. Reilly
and occupied by Mrs. McKenna and Mrs.
Johnson as a residence, was almost en
tirely destroyed, as was the furniture. A
two-story frame dwelling adjoining, occu
pied by J. Bplane, C. Bpanier, Mrs. Marks
and P. Hallinan and owned by Joe Lainey,
was burned to the ground, as was the frame
buildings at 1, 2 and 3 Lincoln place, occu
pied by T. T. Bryant, Joseph McCarthy
and Mrs. Keating and owned by Mrs. Mary
D. Enright. The wind then swept the
flames over to Fremont street, where two
two-story frame buildings, owned by Mary
D. En right, were destroyed.
Superintendent Comstock of the Fire
Patrol in his report fixes the buildings de
stroyed and the actual loss as follows:
One-story frame, bulkheads and vats, on
Fremont, through to Beale, between Howard
and Folsom ; owned by W. P. Fuller & Co. ; oc
cupied, by same as le»d reduction works; esti
ranted loss, bulkheads and vata, $5000; con
tents, $3000. Extended to four-story and
basement brick, 228-230 Beale and 229-'2:U
Fremont; owned by ft. P. Fuller; occupied by
same as paint factory, oils and looking-glasses;
estimated loss on building, $15,000; contents,
$100,000. Extended to two-story frame, 252
Beale; owned by Cavanaugh; occupied by
Murray Bros, as machine-shop; estimated lo»s
on building, $1000; contents, $2000. Ex
tended to two-story frame. 2s4 Beale; owned
by Crocker estate; occupied by Murray Bros,
as office and machine works; estimated
loss on building, $600; contents same as above.
Two-story frame rear, private place, off Fol
som, between Fremont and Beale sue is;
owned by P. Riley; occupied by Mrs. McKenna
and Mrs. Johnson as dwellings; estimated oss
on building, $500; ccntents. $300. Next <ast,
private place, two-story frame, owned by La
mey; occupied by J. Splane, C. Spanier, Mrs.
Marks and P. Hannhan as dwellinzs; esti
mated loss on buKdins;, $<500; contents, $400.
Two-story frames 1, 2 and 3 Lincoln place;
owned by Mary D. fcnright; occupied byT. T.
Bryant, McCarthy and Mrs. Keating as dwel
lings; estimated loss on buildinjr, £300; ton
tents, $100. Two-storjr frame 241 Frem-mt
street, owned by Mary D. Enright; occup ed
by J. Garvin as dwelling; estimated loss on
building, $500; contents, $200. Two-st >ry
frame 243 Fremont street; owned by Mary I>.
Enright; occupied by Mrs. Fitzgibbons, M.
Ironed, H. Mayer ns dwellings; estimated losa
on building, $300; contents, $200.
There are some who think that the fire
originated in thst portion of the Reduction
Works wlier* red lead was burned. There
is always more or less heat in the cor
roding-bins, and the temperature is n^ver
less than 80 deg. Samuel P. Smiley, one
of the employes of Fuller & Co., said the
firm took every precaution toward guard
ing against fire, and in his opinion the
fire started in the rear of Murray & Co.'s
machine-shop. Stnilev was positive that
no T'd lead was burned Friday night.
Officer William Callahan, while assisting
at tne fire, was caught by some tailing
debris, suffering painful but serious burns
about the face", neck and arms. George
Thomas was also injured by a failing shut
ter, being badly cut about the head and
shoulders. Thomas ana Callahan had
their injuries dressed at the Receiving
Hospital and later were removed to their
respective homes.
Fuller & Co. yesterday afternoon issued
a statement placing the damage to their
business at a quarter of a million dollars.
The statement is as. follows:
The fire is supposed to have originated in
the rear of a machine shop on the northwest
corner of Folsom and Beale streets, about 200
feet south of the corroding plant of W. P. Ful
ler & Co. The damage caused by the nre will
exceed $500,000. Fuller & Co.'s corroding
plant is a total loss. Their brick factory build
ing, adjoining on the north and its contents
are badly damaged. The excellent construc
tion of the factory building prevented its en
tire destruction, as it is separated by fire divis
ion walls into four compartments, the open
ing being protected by double Standard fire
doors.
The loss to Fuller & Co. is very heavy. They
are unable at present to estimate it, but in all
probability it will exceed $300,000, covered by
partial insurance.
The Fire Department did excellent work
and by its efforts the total destruction of the
Fuller premises was prevented.
As the result of the fire 250 men will be
thrown out of employment.
George Thomas, living at 22 Verona
street, and John Leahy, 1210 Kearny
street, both lirpmen, were injured at the
fire and were attended to at the Receivinp
Hospital. Thomas in running fell and
sprained his shoulder, while Leahv was
struck on the right .shoulder by a fallinp
iron door and had it dislocated. If he had
not jumped back it would have struck him
on the head and probably killed him.
After the Interpreter.
Around the Custom-house it is currently re
ported that Quong Ah Him, the Chinese inter
preter, is soon to lose his official head. Quong
Ah Him is tne recently appointed successor of
Louie Quong, on whose shoulder* the mantle
of Williams fell when that gentleman was sus
pended. The enemies ot the present inter
preter allege that he Is a highbinder and that
his record in Los Angeles is anything but a
clean one.
•—• — • — •
A Sailors' Fight.
John Hansen, a sailor, was attacked b7 an
other sailor named Charles Peterson in the
Sailors' Home. Hansen was struck over the
head with a broom-handle and then Peterson
iabbed him under the left shoulder with a
knif?. Hansen was taken to the Receiving
Hospital and Peterson was arrested and taken
to the Harbor Station, where he was booked
for assault with a deadly weapon.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY 3, 1896.
FOLLOW MILES TO
THE ARMY'S HEAD
Ambitious Soldier Boys
Who Are Fired by
• His Success.
PROGRESS BY MERIT.
The New Road to Promotion
Recently Opened Out to
Enlisted Men.
LATE EXAMINATION IN POINT.
Some Fortunate Candidates Who Have
Risen From the Ranks and
Their Records.
The recent promotion of General Nelson
A. Miles to the office of major-eeneral
commanding the United States army and
the favorable action taken by the House of
Representatives towavd making him lieu
tenant-general emphasizes the fact that
ihe first step leading to that exalted posi
tion does not have to be carpeted with a
West Point diploma.
The way may be made more or less diffi
cult by the prejudices of a century's growth
against innovations on the time-honored
traditions of the regular army. Backed
by the law and the precedent set in
General Miles' case the ambitious private
soldier, when qualified to pass the pre
scribed tests of mental, moral and physi
cal development, may by persistence,
patience and good conduct overcome the
difficulties which may hinder his way and
in time wear the insignia of rank and
draw the generous pay of the commanding
general of the armies of the United States.
How this may be is shown further on:
but let no one be deluded with the idea
that this road to the desired promotion is
a whit easier than the one which begins
Corporal W, S, Sample.
with the entrance examination at West
Point— far from it. It has one great ad
vantage, however, and that is the start
may be made without having any political
"pull" or oacking and the would-be
general is no longer dependent on the
favor of the Congressman from his dis
trict or the agreement of his political com
plexion with that of the party in power for
the opportunity to enter the lists on the
held of honor.
In 1892 the act of 1878, providing for the
promotion of meritorious non-commis
fcioned officers was repealed. There were
very many objections to it, not the least of
which was the opportunity for favoritism
at the hands of the officers making the re
quired recommendations. Unless a man
stood well with his immediate superiors
his chances for a commission were next to
nothing. The following explains the
present method:
General orders No. 79.
Headquarters of the Army, >
Adjittant-generai/b Ofpice,>
Washington, November 2(3, 1892. )
By the direction of the Secretary of War the
following law, and the regulations estab
lished ty the President to carry the same
Into effect, are published for the informa
tion and guidance of all concerned :
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of
Representatives of the United Btatesof Amer
ica in Congress assembled, That the President
be, and Is hereby, authorized to perscribe a
system of examinations of enlisted men
in the army, by such boards as may be
established by him, to determine their
fitness for promotion to the grade of second
lieutenant. Provided, that' all unmarried
soldiers under the age of 30 years who are
citizens of the United States, are physically
sound, who have served honorably not less
than two years in the army, and who have
borne a pood moral character before and after
enlistment, may compete for promotion under
any system authorized by this act.
Sec 2. That the members and records of
such boards as may be established by the
President under the provisions of the preced
ing section shall be sworn in every case to
perform their duties honestly, faithfully
etc., etc.
Sec. 3. That the vacancies in the grade of
second lieutenant heretofore filled by promo
tions of meritorious non-commissioned offi
cers of the army, etc., etc., shall be filled by
competitors favorably recommended under
this act In the order of merit established by
the final examination, etc., etc. *
Y "der this act a system of examinations,
both physical and intellectual, has been
provided by the President and published
by the War Department, by which any
enlisted man may have the requisite pre
liminary examination at such place as
may be designated by the commander of
the department to which he belongs, and
having passed the same successfully, go
to a final and general examination heid in
September o f each year at Fort Leaven
worth, Kans. Passing this, he will re
ceive a certificate attestinj: the same, and
will be known on the army records as a
"candidate" for promotion, and will have
the title of "candidate" prefixed to that of
his rank on all rolls, returns, orders and
official correspondence. His name is placed
on, the relative merit roll of successful
competitors, and he receives appointment
in his turn to nil any vacancy that may
occur in the grade of second lieutenant
In accordance with the above provisions
of the law, the annual examination for
enlisted men in the Department of Cali
fornia for promotion to the grade of second
lieutenant was held in the Phelan build
ing, in this City, beginning March 28, and
ending April 2."
The othcers composing the examining
board were: Deputy surgeon - General
Middleton, Captain Buck, Colonel Gueu
ther, Captain Starr and Lieutenant Green,
chief signal officer.
The results of tbe examination and the
recommendations of the board have been
forwarded to Washington, and in due time
the young candidates will receive orders to
report at Fort Leavenworth for the final
examination. It is learned from the de
partment headquarters that all the candi
dates passed very creditably and that they
were the brightest set of young men who
have ever appeared before this board for
examination.
They were: Sergeant-Major Robert Mc-
Clure, Battery A, Firat Infantry, Angel
Island; Corporal Preston Brown, Battery
A, Fifth Artillery, Presidio, and Corporal
Warren 8. Sample, Company V, First In
fantry, Angel Island.
Sergeant McClure is a son of Captain
McClure, United States army, and is a
graduate ot the University of California.
Corporal Brown is the son of the late
Colonel John Mason Brown, a leading
lawyer of the Kentucky bar, and a gallant
Federal officer durine the late war. He is
a grandson of General William C. Preston,
who was Minister to Spain under Mr.
Buchanan, and a major-general in the
Confederate army.
Corporal Brown is a graduate of Yale
College.
Corporal Sample is a member of a well
known Kentucky family, and earned
his appointment to West Point on a com
petitive examination open to all comers in
his Congressional district. He took high
rank in his classes, but was compelled to
resign at the end of his third year on
account of his eyes, which gave way under
the hard work which he had undertaken.
Upon the advice of Mr. Elkins, the then
Secretary of "War, he enlisted in the regu
lar army, with tbe purpose of recruiting
his strength and availing himself of the
opportunity as above provided of getting
a pair of epaulettes without a West Point
diploma.
The results of this examination, it is
Sergeant McClnrc
understood, have started a number of
other enlisted men to work preparing for
the next one.
TROOPERS ON THE MARCH
The Four Cavalry Companies at
the Presidio to Start
South.
They Will Leave This Morning for
Patrol Duty at the Govern
ment Parks.
The four troops of cavalry at the Presidio
will start this morning for the National
parks, the \osemite and the Sequoia.
Every spring for the past four years
some troops from the Fourth Cavalry, sta
tioned at the Presidio, have been ordered
to the parks on police duty. At first one
troop went to each park, but since then
the force has been increased every year
until to-day the largest body of men yet
sent out will start south.
Troops B, C, I and X are the troops sta
tioned at the Presidio. They are all full
troops and all have had experience in po
licing the t>arks. The march down will
take several days, but horses and men
will start with an imposing wagon train
and the roadside camps will have nearly
all the comforts of bomt.
The duties of the troops at the parks
make life there anything but easy. Bands
of cattle and sheep turned out on the hills
to shift for themselves will, as soon as the
snow melts, make a line for the parks,
where, as no cattle are allowed to stay
there, the grass is always long and juicy.
Not only do the herds find their own way
to the parks, but scheming drovers some
times nelp them along, and unless dis
turbed by the soldiers allow them to grow
fat within the precincts of the Govern
ment's gardens. Before it became the cus
tom to police the parks the land was over
run with cattle. The grass was eaten
almost as soon as it shot upward, and
thousands upon thousands of cattle and
sheep remained permanently in the pre
serves.
Now, however, it is different. Cattle
that are caught are driven out at once,
sometimes where they came in, sometimes
on the opposite side of the preserve. If
the herder is there with them, he is put
out on one side and his herd on the other.
At first the uproar among the herders was
tremendous, but now they have learned to
keep their cattle and sheep oft the for
bidden ground, and there is less trouble.
The boundaries^ re patrolled by squads
of three or four troopers, under a non
commissioned officer, which keep moving
from station to station until, having made
the circuit, they find themselves back at
the camp again. Other troopers are en
gaged in striking out new trails and
blazing old ones, and altogether the troops
are kept busy.
The troops will remain at the parks
about seven months. They go as soon as
the snow is just melting and they will re
main until the winter snows drive them
home again.
Lecture to Art Student*.
The lecture delivered a few evenings ago
by J. H. E. Partington at his studio on
Pine street, preparatory to the organiza
tion of a class to study nude art, has eli
cited considerable comment.
Like the Greeks, he recommends study
ing the form undraped, instead of gaining
that knowledge from the dissecting-table,
because the student has the advantage of
seeing the muscles in action, as well as in
repose.
One cubic foot of pure gold weighs 1203
pounds.
REVOLUTIONIZES MINING
Plant Erected for the Perfect
Reduction of Low-Grade
Ores.
MILLIONS IN THE PATENT.
The New Morosco Fusion Process for
Extraction of Precious Metals
a Complete Success.
Very few people are aware that in the
little mining town of Amador City there
has been erected within the past year a
plant for the working of base ore destined
to revolutionize the mining industry of
THE NEW CONCENTRATOR.
[From a photograph,]
the world. The treatment is known as
tho Morosco fusion process and the patents
covering the same are owned by the
Morosco, Shields & Bishop Fusion
Company.
The subjection of calcined ore to a
molten lead ■ bath and extraction of the
precious metals by so doing is not an idea
of recent date. To devise practical
machinery for feeding the ore continu
ously into the lead, to then handle the
same in its passage through the molten
metal so as to bring every particle of ore
in contact with the lead for a sufficient
length of time, to insure perfect extrac
tion of the precious metals, to discharge
the tailings from the apparatus without
any loss of lead, to combine all these
points successfully has required much
thought, labor and capital.
Many ineffectual attempts have been
made to accomplish this, and the United
States Patent Office and other records
show numerous failures by those attempt
ing to produce a mechanism that would
enable the ore to have all the conditions
necessary for amalgamation while im
mersed in the lead, and at the same time
secure a steady and automatic discharge
after treatment.
Eminent authorities have conceded that
such a process would be a success, and in
certain branches revolutionize ore treat
ment, providing the mechanical effects
could be so constructed as to insure steady
introduction and perfect segregation of the
ore while in the lead, automatically dis
charging same, all these features to com
bine regularity and durability.
Last June the erection of a plant was
commenced in Amador County at the
Bunker Hill, and operations were at once
begun to demonstrate and work the pro
cess on a practical scale. This process
now completed, is offered to the mining
public for their investigation. The num
berless failures of the past will cause many
men to doubt if a success is really at hand.
The photographs here shown will give an
adequate insight into the works, showing
a plant capable of treating between ten
and twenty tons per day, which has been
running successfully on ore since April 3,
1896. ■ :;'■-■.
The treatment of ore in detail is briefly
as follows: The ore being first reduced to
thirty or forty mesh according, to its char
acter, is then given a dead roast to free it
from all volatile bases, such as sulphur,
arsenic, {antimony, etc., which if allowed
to remain would prevent the ore and lead
coming together. The roasted ore is at
once fed to the bath machine while still at
a high heat, as the introduced ore must
necessarily be considerably above the
melting point of lead (640 F.), in order
that there may be no chilling effect upon
the bath and thereby reduce the amalga
mating heat.
The roasted ore is fed in a steady stream,
automatically, to the bottom of the bath
well, which is a very heavy iron . casting,
thirty inches in diameter and six feet deep.
The ore on reaching the bottom of this
casting is freed, and at once attempts to
rise by its own gravity through the bath of
molten lead, of which • there are over five
tons. In this chamber are circular per
forated plates with reversed stir-arms be
tween, and the ore is caught by the first
stirrers and seggregated, passing through
the tirst plate and on to the second set of
stirrers, continuing this operation five
times, until it arrives on the surface of the
lead, where it is discharged automatically
by a rapidly revolving disk ; then to a trap
box of running water which immediately
chills the ore and thence passes on to the
After the ore passes through the bath it
carries no cold or silver, as the precious
metals have become fused witti the lead
and left behind in the well, while the ore
is discharged into the water-box, carrying
with it about 44 per cent of lead, which is
all recovered on the concentrators, re
melted and refined and is used again in
the bath.
The bath furnace takes one-quarter of a
cord of wood in twenty-four hours to keep
a proper heat. Twelve horsepower is re
quired for running machinery.
Providing the capacity of the present
machine is only ten tons per day, the cost
of work ins per ton is $2 02 on chlorination
tailings that have lain idle for want of
some means to extract their remaining
value.
Gold-bearing sulphates and base ores can
be worked by the Morosco Fusion process
for from $3 to $1 per ton and yield over 90
per cent extraction.
The vast bodies of pay ore now lying idle
for want of successful' treatment will no
doubt prove a bonanza to the owners of
the Morosco Fusion process.
A TRAINER UNDER ARREST.
"Red Jim" Phillips Charged With
'•I>oplng" the Gray Mare Grade S.
The officials of the California Jockey
Club think they have struck a lead that
will eventually land in prison the mis
creants who plugged the nostrils of the
race mares Decision and Marjorie with
sponges.
James Phillips, familiarly known as
"Red Jim," was arrested Friday upon a
complaint sworn out by "Roxey" Tor
rence charging that he, together with
"Hank" Covington, doped the mare Gracie
8. who was heavily backed to win a race
at the Bay District track a few days back.
The accused horseman is in the employ
of "Wright Brothers of Bakerafield. He
claims that his arrest is the result of
petty jealousy on the part of envious
trainers. He emphatically denxed that he
had any connection whatever with the
queer run of Gracie S.
"Roxey" Torrence, who swore to the
complaint, wus formeily valet for Felix
Carr. the jockey, and has been a long time
on the turf. In speaking of tbe matter,
the stable boys look wise and say if
"Roxey" opened his moutn he must
"*now somethin'. "
WITH GLOVE AND ROD.
Hawkins Will Box Green Ten Rounds—
Fly-Casters Practice.
The Ziegler and Green fight Is still
talked of in sporting circles. A majority
of the people who witnessed the mill
thought the referee should have declared
it a draw, but the agreement entered into
between the contestants called for a de
cision and Referee King decided in favor
of Green, because he forced the fighting
after the second round. Ziegler is broke
and is looking forward to another contest
with Green.
At the finish of their ten-round setto
Ziegler was certainly the freshest man and
stood an excellent chance of whipping his
opponent if there were two more rounds to
be fought. Hawkins' stock has gone up
considerably since Friday night.
The easy and masterly \rayr be brought
McGinley to terms stamps him as being a
first-rater. His friends think that he is
thoroughly competent to give Green a
good race for the long end of a purse, and
when the Olympic laa heard of the Haw
kins boom ha immediately offered to stop
the conqueror of McGinley in ten rounds.
In all probability a match will be made,
as some of Hawkins' supporters have de
posited money to bind a match of this
kind.
The National Athletic Club is looking
for talent. It will give a series of boxing
bouts in. some hail in this City next
month. The boxers who took part in Fri
day night's entertainment are now full
fledged professionals, having competed
with professionals.
Tne Fly Casting Club met at Btow Lake
yesterday afternoon and enjoyed a very
pleasant afternoon's sport. In long dis
tance casting S. Smyth scored 74 feet, A.
Haight scored 69 feet, Skinner 68 feet,
Bozard 69 feet, Mansfield 71 feet. Colonel
Young, Crowell, lker Carroll and Dunn
accomplished some very nice casting.
The club will meet again next Saturday at
the samepiiVce.
The last of a series of footraces which
have been held at the Olympic grounds
will be decided this afternoon. The ath
lete who will win the most points will re
ceive a handsome gold medal.
Annoyed by Boys.
Mrs. McDonald, a music-teacher at 2a Falcon
avenue, Bernal Heights, swore out a warrant
yesterday for the arrest of B. C. Joost, 14 years
of age, son of Ben rend Joost, ex-president of
the San Mateo Electric Toad, on the charge of
battery. Mrs. McDonald is a widow with six
children, whom she supports by teaching
music, the said she was annoyed by boys
making a disturbance while she was teaching
her pupils, and on Friday young Joost struck
her witb a stilt.
A Minister's Anniversary.
The Rev. J. Cumming Smith will open his
eighth anniversary in the pastorate of Trinity
Presbyterian Churcu this morning. Special
services will be held in honor of the occasion
A few days ago a Moosnp (Conn.) man
while tearing down an old house in that
town, found two silver pieces of money
bearing the dates of 1781 and 1782.
SEW TO-SAT.
SWAGGER
OUTER
GARMENTS.
(^ Im A. |\ Nowhere else
•^jj $ in town such
■ l(t styles and quali-
- ' ties as these, at
_ such low prices.
Test the truth of our statement
by a personal inspection. A
quick mail order department at
your service.
JACKETS— $8.50 and $9.00.
ETS-biik-iined aU through-novel-
ty pearl buttons— box fronts— th«
npto42-n S aally 8 15. BpecUlprts2 • $B#i28 # i2-
ALL-WOOIi HIGHLY FlNWmrn
newest cus-b^st tailor m Tke-no^l
S9 .oo
TAILOR-MADE FROCKS.
TRIM REEFER OUTING DRESSES
-Extra wide skirts with rustling
ing-blg sleeve— box front iaeki*
SEPARATE SKIRTS.
SILK WAISTS— S6V
PRINT SILK
KELLY a 7 LIEBES,
120 KEARNY STREET.
:•' :■ ' .-- . ■-.. ■. ■ " ■ - ::•■"■'"• /
"THF RRFAT "
I ilia Ullkfl I I
IRE YOU NERVOUS?
Do you jump when you hear a sound behind
you? Feel continually "on pins and needles"?
See little specks like dust or small ink spots be-
fore your very eye*? ; Notice sediment some*
time-tin your urine? and feel "waak and
weary"-«peciaUy .in the morning?? If so,
your system is weak and becoming daily
weaker. You are Buffering: from nervous de-
bility — possibly with some complication,
"HUDYAN" is a specific for your condition,
and it willfully euro you. Write and explain
your case to the specialists of the .
Hudson Medical :
Institute,
Stockton, Market and Ellis Streets, San -
Francisco.
From there, and there only, can you get
HUDYAN!
CANT YOU SLEEP?
Your skin itches, you have pimples, copper,
colored spots, bad digestion, irritated throat;
yon hawk and spit up mucous all the time,
and you feel down and "blue." Your blood is
impure, caused perhaps Dy some old disease
showing its after effects, of which you have
not been perfectly cured. Don't go on wearing
out the system by neglecting these things, for
they mean continual misery. for yon if ne-
glected long:. One thing will cure you. That
is "HUDYAN." .It Is prescribed by and can to
had only from the physicians of the - < ■■ :
Hudson Medical .
Institute,
Stockton, Market and Kills Streets, Sac
T'V-p?' Francisco- ' "I.".'**
From them, and them only, can you get
HUDYAN!
SIGHTLY LOSSES.
These are the most weakening drains in the
world. They affect the nerve centers, the
heart and the brain. If you are a sufferer you
must put a stop to It Immediately, for these
emissions are tapping the very wellepring of
your existence. .Don't trifle a moment longer.
"HUDYAN" will put you on your feet rapidly
and effectively. It is entirely vegetable and "
perfectly harmless, yet strong, swift and cer-
tain in Its action. And remember, too. that .
I'ou can only get it by applying to the skilled
doctors of the grand old
Hudson Medical
institute.
Stockton, Market and Kilts Streets,
BAN FRANCISCO. • *
From there and there only can yon get
HUDYAN.
Write and you will get free : vr;Vr? •
"Blood Book." -
, "All About the Liver"
And
"A Knowledge of the Kidneys."
And you can also nave for the asking circu- '
lars and testimonials of .
"THE GREAT"
"UP-TO-DATE" : ;
BICYCLES!
Crawford
"Unsurpassed." *
$40, $55, $65, $80.
Phcenix
'Stands the Racket. I
A FEW
'95 MODELS
CHEAP FOR CASH. "
13T The guarantee on the
Crawford equal to that given ' ;,
with $100 wheels i ".[
Write for Catalogue and *
further particulars '%%
EDWIN MOHRIG, :
1510 MARKET ST.,
SAN FRANCISCO, CAL.
THESUCCESS OF THE SEASON
11111 LAM GRILL ROOM
—OF THE-
PALACE HOTEL
DIRECT ENTRANCE FROM HARKS! ST.
OPES UKTII. MIDNIGHT. *
J%WBgS*!^&i* WT BJ B JS is a non-poi«onoos
4^j^aa*^^a remedy for Gonorrhoea.
Gleet, Spermatorrhcea
Whites, unnatural di*-
JEw n «?S? I ISi te * d ■ Rr «es, or any inflanima-
IJJJ "•» v . ''"""■ tion, irritation or ulcera-
g— JPrtTeau oonwgicn. tion of mucous mem-
g*«V HEEYAMS CHtMICuCq kranea. . Non-astringent.
l^^cmCiNNATi.O 831 Sold by Drncstat*, **
U. 8. X. 3^a or sent in plain wrapper,
'^■t^^^^^^vW "7 express, prepaid, for •
Ti^KBBBaCTKs ■ 1 .- 00 or 3 bottles, p."!\
m Circular sent on rREGULARS WERE
DULY ELECTED
Result of the Contest in the
Fifth Congressional
. . District. .
DEFAULT OF DENNERY.
He Never Appeared to Make
Good His Charges of Fraud
. at the Primaries.
DONNELLY WAS DISAPPOINTED
He Must Continue on His Ninety-Day
Pilgrimage Where No Political
... Peddlers Are Wanted.
Edward Donnelly's white vest shone
dazzlingly in J. E. .Richards' office in the
. Crocker building yesterday morning. Its
splendor was matched only by the aristo
cratic gloss on Judge Waldheimer's silk
tile and by the brilliant political light in
Major Bartlett's eyes."
But it ;vas not a day for brilliancy.
Utility, not beauty; logic, not eloquence,
were in the ascendant, and the hopes of
the coruscating trio, if hopes they had
any, .criim bled to the ground like the
petals of the last rose of summer left
bloomii g alone.
The regular Republican Fifth District
Congressional Committee went into execu
tive session at 11 a. m. What, a word of
victory is that name "regular"'!
;'. All its opponents are "irregular," there
fore illo.gical, illegal,. inconsistent and im
moral. Consequently, the committee, be
. ing regular, could not do anything irregu
lar, and, therefore, decided that the regu
lar ticket at the recent primaries from
that district had won, and that its dele
gates should be seated.
.■ . When this information was conveyed to
Mr. Donnelly the diamond in his shirt
bosom paled and became for the first time
of a cheap straw color; but it rallied when
: it pot out into the sunshine and turned
info a gem of the' first water, as did its
-wearer.
. "Ah, v sighed Mr. .Donnelly, as he went
down in the elevator, "there's nothing
like pure politics."
.Judge Waldheimer's silk tile grew a
.shade more somber and Jess, glossy. He
• ' is a man of buoyant- spirits and • disguised
. his disappointment by making a classical
speech \ to his colleagues. Burke, Pitt.
Fox, Grattan, Curran, Webster, lngersoll
.and Wendell Phillips were left at the foot
of the class when the Judge turned loose.
But it was all in 'good nature, and the
■"•"merry twinkle in the Judge's eyes proved
that he didn't mean what he said and was
only practicing.
. The committee drafted the following re
; port .to the press' for publication :
Report and Certificate of ITu Republican Con*
greanonql ComrniitiC of. the Fifth Congressional
. L strict of the State of ' California, to the Ktpubti
■ can State and District Convention*: We, the
- undersigned members of the regular Repub.i
can Congressional Committee of the Fifth Con
gressional District of .the. State* of California,
■cohstituting.a majority of 'said committee, do
. hereby transmit & report of the proceedings of
'said committee, had in pursuance of the reso
lution of the Republican State Central Com
•. raittee, duly and reiri iarly adopted on the 29th
day of February, 1596, and do hereby particu
larly transmit all matters' relating to such con.
tests, as have come before said committee,
■ 'in. pursuance of-said resolution, together with
. said committee's determination thereof , and
. we do-hereby certify' that in accordance with
. the iiforesaid resolution of the State Central
. Committee, and on -the 7th' day of March.
' TB9tf,- at a meeting b( the members of the said
■ State Central Committee irom the Fifth Con
. gressional .District held in the city of Red
wood, county of San Mateo, and by resolution
then and there duly 'and regularly adopted,
the follow ing-named' persons were duly and
regularly constituted. memt>er3 of this Con
gressional Committee of the Fifth Congres
sional District, to Wit : Robert L. Toplitz, John
. R, Richards, A. L. Stetson. ('. L. Laumelster,
AY. B. Lawrence, James W. Rea and William
Moir.- That- thereafter and on the 17th day of
March, 1896, -the said persons duly met in the
:city.6f San Francisco "and duly and regularly
organized as such committee by the election of
James W. Rea as chairman and of John E.
Richards as secretary thereof.
That said comoiittee thereupon duly passed
a'resolution providing for me election or ap
polntment of delegates' to the Republican Staty
Convention and to the Rexjiiblifan District
'.Convention of and for ttie Putb Congressional
■TJistrict, to be held in-Sacrameute on Mat 6,
1896., and also, by resolution duly passed, dele
.. gated to the regular Republican County com
mittees for the counties of Santa Clara, San
Mateo and for that portion of the City and
County of Ban Francisco within said district,
: the details of tne selection of said delegates
for- their respective .counties and portions
thereof, under the supervision and control of
■this committee.
That thereafter, and on the 2oth day of April,
1896, at a regular meeting of the Republican
County' Central Committee of the county of
Santa. Clara, the ftillowing-nauied persons
were duly and regularly selected and reported
to this committee as. delegates to said conven
tions, to wit: JameS W. Rea, S. F. Ayer, Fred
Ellis, J. A. Sargent, R. R. Bulmore, Fen Massol,
A. McDonald, A. S. Mangrum, P. K. Dow.G. W.
6cott, Philo Hersey, J. R. Norton, F. C. Franck,
Miles Hollnster, S. L. Close, John Britton, M.
Am-erich, J. R. Johns, A. Lake, H. V. More
house, S. G. Toropkins, E. P. Main, George
Taylor, Frank Covey, L. Bare.
■ That no contest or opposition of any kind
has been filed with this committee with refer
ence to the selection of said delegates, and this
committee hereby reports the said delegates
from the County Qf Santa Clara, State of Cali
fornia, and from the Assembly districts
thereof, 'and certifies that said delegates are
the duly and regularly selected and qualified
delegates from said portion of the Fifth Con
gressional District to said State and district
conventions.
That on the 25th day of April, 1896, the Re
publican County Central Committee of the
county of San Ma tea, at a regular meeting
thereof, duly and regularly selected the follow
ing-named persons to act as delegates to saii
District and State Conventions fjrom the said
coantyof Ban Mateo and from the Assembly
Districts thereof, to wit ; George C. Ross, \V. 'J.
Martin, S. G. Goodhue, E. F. Preston. Joseph J.
Bullock, William Nelson and B. V. Weeks.
That no contest or opposition of any kind to
the said delegates or the selection thereof has
been filed with this committee, and it hereby
certifies that the said persons are the duly and
regularly selected and qualified delegates to
Mii'l convention from -.said portion of the said
j Congressional district.
That in purs iance.or the aforesaid resolution
oi this committee and ai. a regular meeting of
the Republican County Committeemen of that
portion of the City and County of San Fran
cisco embraced within- the said Fifth Congres
sional District, duly and regularly held on the
4th day of April, 1896, a primary election was
duly and regularly called to be held on the
15th day of April, 18JW5. in said portion of the
said City and County oi San Francisco.
That in pursuance of said call the said pri
mary election was neld on said day in each of
the Assembly districts within said portion of
the City and County of San Francisco 'em
braced "Within -said Fifth Congressional
District.
That thereafter and on the 20th day of
April. 1896, the said County Committeemen,
constituting that portion of the said County
Committee from the Assembly districts of said
City and County of San Krancisc-o within said
Fifth Congressional District, duly certified to
this committee the returns from said election,
together with the names of all of the persons
voted thereat as delegates to said conventions,
with the votes rect-ived by each. That no con
tests have been filed with this committee V ith
reference to the delegates so certified U> by
said County Committeemen as elected in and
from the following Assembly districts, to wit:
The Thirty-fourth, Thiriy-fifth, Thirty-sixth,
Thirty-eighth and Forty-first Assembly diM
triets, and this committee therefore hereby
certifies that the following-named person* are
the duly and regularly elected delegates to
said conventions from the said Assembly dis
tric'.s, to wit:
Thirty-fourth District— J. K. C. Hobbs, S. L.
Lent, Cord H. Wetjen, George W. Elder, E. B.
Smith, Henry Beasley, E. W. Eustace, Henry
Bettner.
Thirty-fifth District— John D. Spreckels. John
D. Daly, D. 1. New kirk, C. M. Depew, D. F. Mul
ville. E. N. Torrello.
Thirty-sixth District— W. H. Chapman, W. 8.
Tlmrgood, H. Bmith, W. Linden, j; McCarthy,
Charles Lempe, Henry E. Holmes.
Thirty-eighth District— S. L. Koster, W. 8.
Ray, Andrew McElroy, E. P. Barrett, Gustave
l'oiilman, E. H. Aigeltinger, Richard o'Don
uell, W. A. Ualstead.
Forty-first District— O. B. Baldwin. Wallace
Bradford, J. D. Boyer, I. F. Kidd, Edward Fox,
Charles Wilkinson, George T. Phelps, R. A.
Grier, Charles Burdett.
That on the 20th day of April, 1896, there
was filled before this committee a contest re
lating to the election of delegates in and for
the Thirty-seventh Assembly District; that on
the 23d day of April, 1896, there was filed be
fore this committee a contest relating to the
election ol delegates from the Fortieth Assem
bly District; that upon the filing of said con
test this committee took cognizance of the
same and at a regular meeting thereof ap
pointed Wednesday, April 29, T896, as the day
for the hearing upon said contest; that on
said last-named date the said hearing upon
saia contest for the said Thirty-seventh and
Fortieth Assembly districts was had before
this committee, which then and there pro
ceeded with the hearing thereon and received
testimony and evidence, oral and documen
tary, with relation thereto; that by mu
tual consent of tne respective contest
ants the hearing of the contest over
the primary election in the Fortieth
District was first heard by this committee.
That at the hearing of said contest in said
Fortieth Assembly District this committee
gave the fullest opportunity to the contestants
therein to establish any fact tending to prove
theillegality of said election, or the right of
said contestants to seats in said conventions,
as the legally elected delegates thereto. That
UDon such bearing it clearly appeared to this
committee that for the regular ticket at said
primary election there was polled for each of
the delegates thereon 935 votes. That the op
position ticket, upon which were the names
of said contestants, received thereat seveuty
flve votes. It furtner appeared to said com
mittee that the election officers conducting the
same endeavored iv good faith to hold and
conduct a legal election and to prevent fraudu
lent voting thereat. It was conceded at said
hearing and by said contestants that whatever
irregularities might have occurred during said
election would not change tbe result thereof,
and that the said regular ticket received a large
majority of the bona fide votes cast at said
election in said district. It is further admitted
by said contestants that the count of the votes
cast at said election in said district was hon
estly and fairly conducted, and that all of the
ballots cast In favor of said contestants were
properly counted. In view of these admission*
on the part of said contestants this committee
has found and now reports that the foliowine
named persons are the duly elected and quali
fied delegates from the Fortieth Assembly Dis
trict to said State and District conventions,
and as such are entitled to seats therein : Max
Brooks, William Wilkinson, W. L. Cole, B. D.
Pike. John C. NoDmann, H. W. Miller, Bert F.
Miller, John B. Carsou and Thomas Eager.
The committee further reports that after
the hearing of the said contest in the said
Fortieth Assembly District It proceeded with
the hearing of the contest in the said Thirty
seventh Assembly District; that at said hear
ing and in support of said contest there ap
peared certain gentlemen, residents of said
district, among whom were E. T. Donnelly, J.
E. Field and M. J. Waldheimer; that In oppo
sitiou of paid contest and in support ofthe
regular ticket at said primary election ap
peared also several gentlemen, residents of
said district, among whom were J. Alva Watt
and the candidates npon said regular ticket;
that all of these gentlemen, representing said
contest and the opposition thereto, appeared
to said committee to be Republicans of stand
ing, prominence and respectability in said dis
trict and to be of that class of citizens who
would not willfully conduct a fraudulent or il
legal primary election or countenance the
commission of frhud and illegal voting thereat;
that every facility was accorded to both
sides in said contest to present to this
committee all of the evidence which
they possessed in support of and in opposition
to said contest, and a full hearing was had by
said committee of such evidence. From mid
evidence and from the admissions of both
sides to said contest it appeared to this com
mittee that there had been certain irregulari
ties in the conduct of said election on the part
of the adherents of both tickets voting thereat;
that there had been illegal votes cast thereat;
but to whet extent or for which of the tickets
this committee was unable, irom the evidence
Dresented before it, to determine. That it did
not appenr to this committee, from the evi
dence adduced before ft, that there was suffi
cient illegal voting at said election to change
the result thereof, as certified to this committee
by the said county committeeman conducting
said election.
That the returns and certificate of eaid
County Committeemen show that the regular
ticket at said election in said Thirty-seventh
Assembly District received 1232 votes', and
that the opposition ticket received 135 votes.
That this committee therefore reports and cer
tifies that the toregoing named persons are the
duly and regularly elected delegates to said
district and .Stale conventions frum the saiU
Thirty-seventh Assembly District, and as such
are entitled to seats in said conventions,
namely: C. O. Burton, G. A. Wentworth, John
II llegler, John H. Gray, A. J. Raiscb, James
Alva Watt, Fred Eggers and John Gallagher.
it further appeared to this committee that
the contestants in said district had not. prior
to said hearing upon such contest, had ac< eat
to the poll-lists and tftlly-sheets of the precinct
officers conducting said election, and that
prior to said hearing they had not demanded
the same. That this committee has placed at
the disposal of said contestants the said poll
lists and tally-sheets showing the number of
votes cast thereat and the names and residence!
of each and every voter who is claimed to
have voted at said election.
That with such facilities the said contestants
have the means of determining who were in
fact the bona fide voters at said election, and
whether there were sufficient illegal votes cant |
thereat to change the result as certified to this
committee, and also whether there had been
an illegal count of the rotes cast at said elec
tion in it vor of said contestants, and whether
all of the votes which were cast in favor of
the ticket of said contestants had been fsirly
a.nd honestiy ounted, and this showing has
not been made before this committee by said
contestants.
This committee further reports that on the
20th day of April, 1896, there was filed wilh
this committee certain reported credentials
signed by one Leon Dennery relating to a pri
mary election purporting to have been con
ducted by said Dennery in tho Forty-first
Assembly District; that on the day set for
hearing of all contests and other matters re
lating to !-al<i primary election, nor at any
other time, did said Dennery or any one in
his behalf appear in supDorl of said creden
tials or mate any showing before this com
mittee that said alleged primary election con
ducted by said Dennery was a legal primary
election, or that said Dennery had any right
to conduct the tame or that delegates were
entitled or the delegates purported to have
been elected thereat, were entitled to teats in
said conventions.
Your committee, therefore, find that the
sAid delegates named in the credentials of said
Dennery have no rights whatever as delegates
to said conventions, or either of them, and are
not entitled to seats therein.
Witness our hands this 2d day of May, A. D.
1896. James W. Rex,
Chairman.
John E. Richabds,
Secretary.
Albert L. Stetson,
Robert L. Toplitz,
W. B. Lawrence,
William Moir.
SOCIALISTS ARE ACTIVE.
Instructions From the East— New Head
quarters on Market Street.
The recently selected State executive
committee of the Socialists' L.abor party
Las sent to the national body at New YorK
a notification that it has been established.
Being the first of its kind on the Pacific
coast the executive committee asked for
instructions as to the methods of proced
ure in ways political under the regulations
and plans of the national organization,
the headquarters of which are located at
64 East Fourth street, New York.
Under the Socialist Labor party the meth
ods of procedure differ materially from
those of the other political parties. It is
believed that these instructions will reach
San Francisco within ten days. Then the
work of organizing in the Assembly dis
tricts of the city and forming sections and
branches throughout the State will be
begun.
At the last meeting of the executive
committee E. T. Kingsley was elected as
State organizer and bis election will, no
doubt, be confirmed by the local branches,
as he was the only nominee in the field.
Kingßley and (Jostley were appointed as
a committee to select new headquarters
for the State executive committee and the
county committees. The State organizer
and county organizer, S. Seiler, will have
their in the new quarters. In
all probability quarters will be selected
on Market street between Fifth and Ninth.
Besides the offices and committee-rooms
there will be a free reading room, where
books and papers on political economy and
socialism will be kept for members.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY 3, 1896.
SWEETS TO THE SWEET
The Rose Show at the Palace
Drew Many Flower
Lovers.
WHO SECURED THE PRIZES.
Full List of Awards— A Large Num
ber of Choice Varieties
Developed.
Tbat tbe Floral Fair was an artistic,
financial and social success as well was
more than proven by the multitude that
crowded Marble and Maple hails of the
Palace Hotel yesterday.
Five hundred tickets were presented at
the door during the afternoon and in the
evening, the reception rooms adjoining the
halls in which the display was held had to
be pressed into service.
Exclamations of praise for the varied
flowers were heard on all sides and every
variety of bloom found its knot of en
thnsiastic admirers. The amatenr display
was especially fine and excited unlimited
interest.
The opinion of the judges and public
as well is that this year's display is quite
the finest ever made by tbe Floral So
ciety. Previous exhibitions may have
shown larger quantities, but all agree that
for variety and quality tbe iair of '96 has
never been excelled.
Certain it is that this exhibit ha* done
much to arouse interest in the California
State Floral Society, and that for tbe past
few days applications for membership
have been pouring in.
The feature of yesterday's exhibit was
the display of California wildflowers,
and to Mrs. W. 3. Chandler, a prominent
member of the Floral Society, belongs
much of the honor. This lady displayed
200 varieties of the native flora, many of
which were for the first time classified and
exhibited.
In the collection were such rare species
as the Clintonia, the Calachoetus Alta,
three different varieties of water violets
1 and some exquisite specimens of Nemo
phile, commonly known as baby-blue
eyes.
Mr. W. H. Weister made a magnificent
display of California poppies. These flow
ers were unusually large — measuring five
inches in diameter.
Another object of interest to the flower
lovers was the new ros* displayed by C. J.
bhattonof Petal urua. The blossom shown
was of a delicate white, with just the faint
est flush dyeing the tips of the delicate
petals. The new rose partakes something
of the nature of the tea and is still un
named.
Inmates of tbe Lick Old Ladies' Home
and 150 little folks from the Ladies' Pr
otection and Relief Society were the guests
of the association during the day, and
went away with their hands full of bright
flowers.
The following prizes have bees awarded
by the judges to the satisfaction of exhib
itors and public alike:
._ > AMATEURS.
Roses— Largest and best varieties, John
Henderson of BerKeley; best 25 varieties,
Mr*-. 8. Stevenson of Alameda; best 12 varie
ties, Charles J. Ahlborn of Alameda; hybrid
perpetual*, including tea roses, Mrs. N. 11.
myth of Berkeley. '
Carnations — Largest , and best varieties,
Charles J. Ahlborn of Alamcda; best twelve
varieties— Charles J. Ahlborn of Alamedo. -.- ;
Best collection cut flowers— Mrs. E. Lllewel
ling of San Lorenzo.
Clematis— Mrs. £. Lllewelling of Ban Lor*
enro. . -.; ■' ■ '■-'■■'.' ■'-■■' ' - "-■ ■•
Pansles— L. F. Fen ton of San Francisco.
Pelargonium cut flowers— Charles J. Ahl
born of Aldmeda.
Pelargonium plants— J. Ahlborn of
Alumeda. . .• ■ ■ .; ;..••• ;■
L. J. Fenton, prize pelargonium; Mr«. Crane
of San Lorenzo, honorable mention for man
tel decoration. . '.. — .■■■..":
PROFESSIONALS. ■
[ Boses— Largest and best varieties, F. Lade
JAMES W. REA.
[Sketched from life by a "Call" artist.]
man of San Francisco; best twenty-five vari
eties, E. Gill of Oakland; hybrid perpetual,
including hybrid teas, E. Gill of Oakland;
best specimens (new) rose, E. Gill of Oakland.
Clematis— California Nursery Company of
Nile.o.
Pelargoniums, cut flowers, largest and best
collection— John H. Sievers of Pan Francisco.
Best collection folla«a and decorative
plants— John H. Sievers of San Francisco.
Carnations— Largest and best collection,
John H. Sievers ol San Francisco; best twelve
varieties, John n Rievers of Snn Francisco.
Pansies— P. W. A. Grellert of Colma; best col
lection of cut flowers, P. \V. A. Grellert of
Colma; largest and best collection of pelargo
nium iilauts, P. Vv. A. Grellert of Colma; sec
ond largest and best collection of foliage and
decorative plants, Charles Alrahann of San
Krancisco; rhododendrons, F. Ludeman of S*n
Francisco; deciduous flowering shrubbery,
California Nursery Company of Nile* (special
line).
Held Four Inqaegtg.
Coroner Hawkins held lDquestn yesterday
morning on the bodies of J. C. H. G. Pattberg,
K. H. Daley, Henry Hoben and James Riley.
Pattberg fell into the hold of the British ship
Brabloch on the 29th ult., receiving injuries
whicii resulted in his death the next day. A
verdict of accident wns returned. In the case
of Daley, who was found dead in his room, 703
btii'.ktou street, on the 27th ult., a verdict of
suicide was rendered. Verdicts of accidents
were returned in the cas«s of Hoben and
Riley. Hobec died at the Prescott House from
asphyxiation by gas, and Riley fell into the
bay from the Brannan street wharf.
CONVENTION WILL COME
The Great Christian Endeavor
Conference to Be Held
Here.
First Step to Raise Funds— A Lecture
at the Third Congregational
Church.
That the great International Christian
Endeavor Convention will be held in Ban
Francisco in 1897 is now an assured fact,
and steps are being rapidly taken by
the various societies in this City to raise
the necessary funds to take care of this
great convention.
The first society in this City to take ag
gressive steps is the Third Congregational
Society on Fifteenth street, Rev. William
Rader pastor, which is arranging for a
finely illustrated lecture to be given by
Professor G. Wharton James. It is en
titled "Into the Grand Canyon of the
Colorado River, Arizona."
If this lecture were to be given in any
lartre Eastern city, it would need no com
ment from the press, for it is considered
by many to excel any of Stodd aril's lect
ures, whose fame is so well known in the
lecture world. Professor James has taken
sixteen different trips into various parts
of the canyon, and the illustrations shown
will be from photographs mainly from his
own camera.
Professor James will doubtless have a
large audience to greet him upon his first
appearance in this City for nine years on
Tuesday evening, May 5, when he will
give his famous lecture at the Third' Con
gregational Church. The price of admis
sion being only 25 cents— no reserved
Beats — the large auditorium, it is thought,
should be well filled, not only with En
deavorers, but all those who are interested
to hear of this wonderland, about which
so little is now known.
StoU'ii Harness.
Charles E. Newman, a teamster, swore out a
warrant in Judge Joachimsen's court yester
day for the arrest of Matthew Gibson, another
teamster, on tne charge of burglary. New.
man's stable, on Eleventh and Folsom streets,
was entered by burglars on September 10 last
and about $300 worth of harness stolen. A
few days ago he claims thet be saw a set of the
stolen harness on a horse driven by Carl Van
Tiodemann. After diligent inquiry he said he
found that Van Tiedeinann had bought the
harness from Gibson. Hence the warrant.
All classes and conditions of society will be
gratified to Learn that Futzman <fc Schnrman
have the exclusive coast agency of the famous
"Golden Gate" brand ol Kentucky whisky.
Their Prussian Stomach Bitters cure all stom
ach and nervous troubles. 341 Pine, corner
Montgomery, telephone, red, 391. •
SATURDAY HALF HOLIDAYS
Another Reform Movement by
the Affiliated Building
Trades.
TO GIVE MORE MEN TORK.
This Important Subject Will Be Dis.
cussed at a Big Mass-Meeting
To-Day.
The preliminary work of the grievance
committee and the business agents of the
Building Trades Council toward inforcing
a strict observance of the working card,
union rules, a standard rate of wages and
the eight-hour work day, still goes on and
there may be lively times to-morrow when
the first blow is struck. There are non
union and mixed jobs in the building
trades line all over the City, and a large
number of union workingmen at the same
time idle. The latter will be used as a bat
tering-ram to force the former into line.
Yesterday morning the seventeen com
mittees of the unemployed, selected at the
meeting at 115 Turk street the day before,
held a meeting and received final instruc
tions as to their duties. The committees,
under the direction of their chairmen,
were sent out to their respective districts
to canvass every job, so that the heads of
the movement may know exactly what
jobs to strike and which ones, those union
ized, to let alone.
In order that ihe masses affiliated with
the council may understand fully the
nature of proceedings an order has been
issued for every member of Carpenters'
Union 22, Carpenters' Union 304. Carpen
ters' Union 483, the Amalgamated Carpen
ters' Union, Painters'- Plasterers', Lath
era', Glaziers', Laborers' and Amalgamated
Wood-workers' Unions to assemble at 115
Turk street, at 2:30 o'clock to-day. The
call is issued to the employed as well as to
the unemployed, as matters of importance
are to be discussed. In the first place the
aims and objects of the movement will be
fully explained and the union men will be
instructed as to how they shall act to
morrow when the strike committees arrive
upon the jobs. One imperative order will
be impressed upon the minds of the union
meu, and that is that they must obey at
once an order by the committees to strike
and leave a job, and to report the fact to
the chairman of the committee, so that
the record of proceedings may be kept at
headquarters.
Another important matter will come up
for consideration in view of the oversup
plied condition of the labor market. It
will be in the shape of a demand on the
part of the unions for a half holiday on
Saturday for all men at work. As has
been stated the number of union working
men in the City at the present time by far
exceeds the demand of the labor market.
The serious question of what shall be done
to alleviate the distress among the unem
ployed, nearly all of whom are first-class
workmen in their crafts, now confronts
the affiliated unions of the Building
trades. There is no doubt but that a per
capita tax will be levied upon all members
who have employment, but the fund thus
created will be taxed for the purpose for
which it is to be created — namely, assisting
those who will be made helpless by reason
of being called out on strike.
This tax and fund cannot and should
reach further, so ways and means must be
devised for finding employment for those
first mentioned. It is believed that by
cutting off half a day from each week the
natural consequence will be that those
men will find work in the long run, thus
relieving much distress. In nearly all of
the European cities the half holiday on
Saturday has been observed for a long
time and this custom was originated to
meet just such an emergency as now con
fronts the laboring classes of this City.
Not only will the subject be discussed at
the mass-meeting to-day, but it will be car
ried into every union in the building
trades.
In order that all its members, employed
or unemployed, may be provided with a
working card Carpenters' Union 22 has de
cided that all its members not in arrears
in their dues can have cards. These will
be given out at the union's bureau at 23
Ninth street.
Last evening a number of the chairmen
of the committees were at headquarters
and the general tone of their reports were
encouraging. That is they were well re
ceived by the builuing contractors on the
buildings, who received them kindly and
spoke enconragtngly and promised sup
port. A number of mixed jobs were found
where the non-union men promised to join
the unions. All of these men who send
in their applications accompanied by their
initiation fees will be furnished with per
mits to continue work until the next meet
ing of the union of their choice.
There are several jobs that will have to
be struck early to-morrow morning. For
instance, the union men will be called off
a building on Twenty-ninth and Mission
streets, where non-union tinners are doing
metal roofers' work. Another is on Twen
ty-fourth and Howard streets, where a few
non-union carpenters are employed.
On McAllister and Lyon streets there is
a job where there will be trouble over the
wages. According to the Carpenters'
Union rules the minimum is $3 for eight
hours' work, but the contractor last night
would only pay his men $2 75. Several
contractors who pay less than the standard
wages have the trick of giving each man a
sealed envelope containing his wages. To
prevent some of the men from accepting
less than others fie council will insist that
the union men open these envelopes in the
presence of the others to show that the
standard wages are paid, and a refusal to
do so will be taken as an evidence of guilt,
and the party refusing will be disciplined
by his union.
The heaviest work of the committees
will be on Ashbury Heights, the Western
Addition and the Richmond districts, as
there is more new buildings being con
structed there than in any other sections of
the City.
RARE OLD CLOCK.
Graduation Gift at Mills College From
the Clasa of 1896.
It has become the custom for each gradu
ating class at Mills College to leave some
distinctive souvenir as a parting gift to
the college. The members of the '96 senior
class have been so fortunate as to secure a
a fine, ancient, standing clock, bearing the
imprint of old Plymouth, and made before
the American revolution. Having ticked
away during the entire life of tbe Ameri
can Nation to this day, its Jong slow-swing
ing pendulum, unhurried and never weary,
has now begun to tick off in second-beats
the life at Mills College. It speaks of
times past unto times to come, and the
class presents it to the college, where it
may be seen and heard at its measured
task in the corner of the entrance hail. At
its base is an old footstove such as the
grand dames of New England used to carry
to a cold church,tillin<r it with coals from the
hearthstone of the nearest neighbor, who
made a special big fire on Sundays for that
purpose.
The Bogsrt Concert.
The announcement of Andrew Bogart's de
parture at an early date for Europe is heard
with general regret.
His rich barytone voice is so well controlled,
yet without apparent effort or disagreeably ob
trusive art, so tresh, so elastic, warm and vig
orous he captivated many audiences in San
Francisco. Previous to his departure a last
opportunity will be given of hearing him. A
benefit concert will be given him, on May 14
at Metropolitan Temple, at which many well
known musical people will assist.
Bitten by a Hog.
Michael V. Burns, a boy living at 476 Jessie
street, was severely bitten on the right arm by
a dog yesterday afternoon. The dog was at
tarhed to a chain and was being led along Mis
sion street by a man. The dog while passing
the boy sprang upon him, and before it was
pulled away had bitten him four times on the
arm. The boy wns taken to the Receiving
Hospital, where his aria was attended to
NEW io-DAr.
TulPlEYy
No. . 1 Cures Fever.
No. 2 " Worms.
No. 3 " l Infants' Disease*.
No.' 4- " Diarrhoea.
No. 7 " Coughs.
No. 8 Cures Neuralgia.
No. 9 " Headache. .
No. 1O '• Dyspepsia."'
No. II " Delayed Periods.
No. 12 " Leucorrhoea. »
No. 13 Cures Croup.
No. 14 •' Skin Diseases.
No, 15 " Rheumatism.
No. 16 '• Malaria.
No. 19 " Catarrh.
No. 2O Cures Whooping Cough.
No. 21 " Asthma.
No. 24 " General Debility.
No. 26 " Sea-Sickness,
No. 27 " Kidney Diseases.
No. 28 Cures Nervous Debility.
! No. 30 " ; ■ Urinary Diseases.
No. 32 - • Heart Disease.
No. 34 " Sore Throat.
No. 77 " :*" Colds and Grip, j f
Dr. Humphreys' Homeopathic Manual
of Diseases Mailed Free. .... . . '
Small bottles 'of pleasant pellets— fit the rest
pocket; sold by drugginie or sent prepaid upon
receipt of price. 5J5c, except Nog. 28 and 32 are
made 1.00 size only. ■ Humphreys' Medicine Co
111 William street, New York-
• ■ ■ ■■'■'; :" h. i •'■ '
THROWING UP THE SPONGE!
Competition stands dismayed as It
views with alarm our enormous
growth. Our crusade against high-
priced tailoring goes grandly on. The
big-profit concerns are beside them-,
•elves, but we go right along making
suits to order for , - -
SO MORE. \ JUj NO LESS.
Thousands of patterns to select
from, In all the most fashionable
cloths of the day.
UNION CLDTHiNG %
Uiiluii uLUininu uUt)
WHOLESALE TAILORS,
112, 114 and 116 KEARNY STREET,
Bet. Post and S utter.
_____ MEW; TO-PAT. _ _
Don't Be
Fat
And Sick
This Summer I
You Can Get Thinner and More Comely
and Cure Your Chronic Diseases if °
You Use Dr. Edison's Obesity Pill*,
Salt and Bands— Only Obesity Kerne*
dies Admitted at the World's Fair.
rjIHE PORTRAIT ABOVE IS THAT OF MRS.
-I- Louise Montgomery Say re, Eaneau street, Ban
Francisco, who writes: "I was long a sufferer
from obesity and weakness peculiar to women and
common to fleshy women. A friend recommended
Dr. Edison's Obesity fills and Salt.. I took: them.
with the result that In seven weeks I was reduced
from 161 to 1.24, my old weight, and cured radi-
cally and permanently of the trouble mentioned." '-
Mrs. Honoria Jameson Trent, Mount Vernon
avenue, writes: "Four weeks' use of Dr. Edison's
Obesity Fills and Salt cured me of dyspepsia and
liver trouble, and relieved me of '29 pounls of bur-
densome flesh, greatly to the improvement of my
form."
Writing from Oakland, Rev. Beth Blsbee says:
"Seven weeks' use of Dr. Edison's Obesity Band
reduced my abdominal measurement six inches."
Dr. Edison's Obesity and Supporting
Sand.
NO "SARSAPARILLAS," "NERVINES,"
"TONICS" OR OTHER SPUING OR SUMMER
MEDICINES NECESSARY WHEN THESIS
REMEDIES ARE UsKD. They cure chronio
diseases of tne heart, liver, kidneys and stomach,
and TAKE THE PLACE OF ALL FEMALB
REMEDIES AND REGULATORS, i , •
i Dr. Edison's Obesity Pills, Salt and Bands
quickly and safely give you good form and health.
No Rigid Dieting. .No Purging. So Inconveni-
ence. No Danger. No Loss of Time. Perfectly
Harmless. Obesity Fruit Salt, $1 a bottle; Obesity
Pills, $150 a botf.e; Obesity Bands, 92 50 and up.
Measure as indicated by figures on cut. »
"How to Cure Obesity" sent free to any address ■
on application. Good reading for fat folks. Loring
& Co.'s CHICAGO MEDICAL DEPARTMENT
will advise you about you obesity or any, other
disease without charge. .
GENERAL AGENTS:
OWL DRUG CO.,
, Sau Francisco and Los Angeles', '*.
Lorjng & Co., Proprietors, Dept. 39, No. 115 State
street, Chicago.
PHILADELPHIA SHOE Cl
8 STAMPED ON A SHOE
i ' MEANS STANDARD OP MERIT.
DO YOU WEAK RUSSETS?
We have the finest assortment of Russets In this
city, and our prices are the lowest. We nave itus-
sets for men, women and children. We have all
th« latest styles, and' at popular prices. Yon can
save money by buying from us. This week we are
making a specialty of Ladies' Tan Colored South-
ern Ties, with fine brown cloth tops and very
pointed toes and tips. ■We will offer them at > '
- k■- " 81.75 . . . '- . :
per pair, and to see them Is to their .
worth. The stock is the. best, the soles are hand-
turned, and th«y sell regularly for f 2 50.
We never forget the little ones at home.
Infants' Tan Kid Button, cloth or kid tops,
sizes 1 t05%..\» $075
Children's Tan Kid Button, spring heels, sizes
• sto 8...:.:...r..-.:.;.v .• 076
Children's Tan Kid Button, cloth tops, spring
heels, sizes 5 to 8 .'...... 1 00
Children's Tan Goat Button, spring heels,
Sizes 7 to 10%... 100
Misses' Tan Goat Button, spring heels, sizes '-,
11 to 2.:.. •.......: 126
Ladles' Tan Goat 'Button, spring . heels, sizes
2%t00^.....\. 160 i
Iff Country orders solicited.
j)9~ Send for New Illustrated Catalogue* ._
Address,, • : - - .
8./KATCHINSKI, • .
PHILADELPHIA SHOE CO.,
.'■ 10 Third Street, San Francisco.
ALL LATHE WORK^^i^^^FOß TWO YEARS. .
A.L.BANCROFT &C6T324- POST ST.S.F.
DR;WOIWOOi
Chinese Drug* $£'^^*£*$3L
and Tea < and Herb £r T&g
< Sanitarium, ■ ; cV ' ~\-A
776 CLAY STKEET, FjL jS*
Bet. Kearny and Dupont, , EWi gg^ C?
ban Francisco. SV/ *<s^ ' : /%
I, the undersign^, have ¥ / . ■ Wf
been cured from kidney lLjj|i»\ •*»' n
trouble, from which I k- BH • » p* A
■ uiTered for over 10 years. F V^fiSP^A J n *
by Dr. Wong Woo. K=-^t^ «wl rf&S
Nov. 20, 1895. W£*s*JB&Z
Office hotirs: 9:30 to 11 H W&&fiai'Fk.
A.U.-, it03,7t09F.K. ■HiwnßTKgaiaap
f ' i.jimi Dr. -Hall's Reinvigorator
jtops all losses in '-'4 hours. Restores
jESk Ib£h Manhood, Enlarges Small organs,
i. ,!j » ■ ;J- I cures Emissions, Impotency, Varico-
r^Zi . W"Sf cele, Gleet. ■ Fits, Strictures and all
I mS Hyffl wasting effects of Self-Abuse or Ex-
' i!ik till cesses. Sent a paled, $2 per bottle.
SK| ■ 31 THREE BOTTLES, $5; guaranteed
WkasSßH'o cure any case.
I DR. H ALL'S MiSDICAL INSTITUTE,
855 Broadway, Oakland, Cal.
All private diseases quietly cured. Send for booki -
k^ These tiny Capsules are superfof
?V^i to Balsam "of Copaiba, /^*\
■\v rCubebsorlnjectionsandfMJll
0} CURE IN 48 HOURS VIV
|w J ' the " same diseases without
inconvenience.
• ■■': f ' *■.• Sold by all druggists.
Weak Men and Women v
SHOULD USE DAHIANA BITTEBS, TflS
O great Mexican Remedy; gives HealUk aiU
fatOM^iji to me Sexual Org»n»MMßjn«|
910
WRECKED BY
GAS EXPLOSIONS
Policeman William Calli
nan's Cottage Almost
in Ruins.
IS PARTLY BLOWN AWAY
Miraculous Escape From Death
of Callinan and His
Wife.
HE IS VEEY BADLY BUKNED.
The Force of the Explosions Was Felt
by Residents of the Entire
Block.
It was almost by a miracle that a
racancy was not caused on the police force
yesterday morning by one of the worst ex
plosions of gas that have occurred in a pri
vate house in the City.
Policeman William Callinan lives at 105S
McAllister, street, in one of a row of one
.BtoTy frame cottages from Webster street
east. The cottages stand back from the
street and in front of each is a small flower
earden.
There are five rooms in the cottage. En
. tering from the street, there is a broad
■ hallway, with the parlor to the right. At
. theend of the hallway is the dining-room,
with a bedroom leading off it to the right,
the wipdow of the bedroom facing into
the real 1 porch. The kitchen leads off the
sitting-room and there is a small bedroom
in the rear of the kitchen. The door of
the kitchen opens onto the rear porch,
from which about a dozen steps lead to
the yard. "•
Callinan and bis wife, were the only oc
cupants of the cottage, their son being in
Germany finishing n is musical education.
They slept in the bedroom off the dining
room. It was their custom to leave the
doors of all the rooms open, which was a
fortunate circumstance.
Shortly before 5 o'clock Callinan got out
of bed, as he wanted a drink of water. He
went into the kitchen and was surprised to
find a strong smell of gas in the room.
.'-Thinking it might come from the pickle
factory in the' rear, he opened the kitchen
door. and stood for a minute on the porch.
Feeling satisfied that the smell did not
come from. the pickle factory, he went into
. the kitchen and lit a match. It was blowu
out and he Ut another, and with his face
to the kitchen door he held the lighted
match close to the gas jet to test if the gas
was escaping by its not being properly
turned off there.
There was a sizzling noise, followed by a
terrific, explosion. Callinan did not lose
hie presence of mind. He yelled to his
wife and ran toward the ltitchen door.
Just then there was another explosion and
Callinan staggered down the steps to the
yard. . ■ \.'
The men of engine 14, which is almost
directly opposite Callinan's house, were
DO NOT BE DECEIVED!
By the representation of a daily newspaper of San Francisco that a "High Art" Bicycle can be bought
for $47.50. The fact is that the keenest competition exists between the great multitude of bicycle ■
. factories in this country. This competition is so keen that all wheels are sold on a small margin of ;
..•-•■ •••■ profit. $47.50 wheels are not $65 wheels, $65 wheels are not $85 nor $100 wheels. Each priced ,
... .;, wheel represents a well defined grade. Hence the claim made by the peddlers of the $47.50 "High
•• .. "..;.. Art" wheel that "it is so cheap for a first-class bicycle that it startles a person who has paid $105 for a
. . . : similar one," is wholly unwarranted. Local agents are selling the advertised wheel for $35, without
: : coupons, and say that it is a "Crescent" wheel of 1895 pattern, manufactured by the Western Wheel
:. Co. of Chicago and sold last year under a GUARANTEE for $50.
.v- : ;; / The Following Wheels Are Cheerfully Recommended to The Gall Readers: f : :
ADLAKE .... $100 Jf^vS^ STERLING - - - $100
\ ™j{ " " " 22 ""*«[ ™. iKI PROMPT SERVICE. WBTOI i- ■ ■ $100
viiiif UJUitiiir - - - epXvv «^««««------»-«. «»..«««. --.-««™. M uXnnr^ f^-^ 5 v^>^f^^^n *°-m unrcpeateomessage ?"""*^7^." o^*" <^ Ii!i!!Ill\r Sslf ill
I Hi\ II V . <t'lAft —«-0~0 ...,«. .o. gc-.....:-.;,.. w Cow. m^ m<nmo^ V^C^^^fyTS^tS-^ i / T-««-upBCPe*TEO*15S9A0t.«a •«-«••«• I^ll^l^/111 A IAA °° I' „
mil ill - - - - -" — - — 0.^.. - » — *. -~~ ~ -"" ~ ••* """ '^ •- c °" a "~ > """ **" PIFR^F Hsiftft
ffIOMRIH -- - - $85 — - --^— . TFmrrp d;|M
MAiril>f(ll AIAA Received at/Sarv F?anciaco, Cal 4
MOMRIfI $100 co.P-Y. Reoeived at San Franoisoo , Cal ., - piKESIX $100
.' ■ COLUMBIA ■ ■ ■ $100 s - F - i- *. Agi 24 Paid . 9: a.m. CLIPPER $100
■ ' •, dayto .... $100 Leavitt & BlU> — ' — ' m - ist - • i 89 - CLUm ; ; ; ; ; $85
I SMA ™ $W0 San Francisco:- SYRACUSE .... $100
LU-M-MM ■• - $100 T eels sold Chronicle are for premiums - only not: to be sold, riii/miT * m
.'• it* r Investigate and wire fully at our expense if wheels are offered f ilLt'VJ . • • • • ?HVV
RAMBLER - ■ - $100 «* «i.. BMR $85
WIVPRIY HV\ Western Wheel Works.
' ' ' WJ (The Western Wheel Works manufacture nothing but Crescent Wheels.) FOWLER $100
standing outside the engine-house and felt
the shock of the explosions. Leo Castillo,
who lives at 1062, saw a piece of window
curtain and some pieces of glass blown
across the street, and surmising that some
thin^ was wrong in Caliinan's house he
and the other men ran across the street
They saw a scene that appalled them.
The building looked as if it had been
struck by a cyclone. Mrs. Callinan was al
most in hysterics, and in a bewildered
state was groping about and crying out for
her husband. A long stream of gas flame
was pouring from the broken pipe in the
kitchen and had set fire to towels and
other articles in the room.
While some one went to turn off the gas
at the meter Castillo went in search of
Callinan. He found him on bis knees in
the yard, where he had fallen after stag
gering around like a drunken man. His
skin was blackened and he was suffering
intensely. Round his body was the frame
of the kitchen window, which had been
blown on top of him as be staggered down
the rear steps after the second explosion.
After the gas had been turned off and
the incipient fires distinguished, Callinan
was taken to the Receiving Hospital. No
part of his body escaped. He was covered
with burns from the soles of his feet to the
top of his head, but fortunately his eyes had
escaped. Everything was done to allevi
ate his pain. Although badly burned, it
is thought he will soon recover.
From the force of the explosion it is
miraculous that Callinan escaped with his
life. The entire west wall of the kitchen
was blown out and hung ia places from
the fastenings at the roof. Crockery on
the kitchen table was blown through the
window clear across a hi<rh fence into the
yard of the next house. The kitchen win-
Policeman Callinan.
[From c photograph.}
dow was blown out, sash and all, and the
window in the adjoining house directly
opposite was shattered in pieces.
Several of Mrs. CalJinan's dresses, which
were hanging in the bedroom of the
kitchen, «ere blown through the window
into the yard, and her shoes, which she
had left in the kitchen, were found torn
in pieces in the yard.
The alarm-clock, which was placed on a
small table close to the window, had been
lifted up, and was fo^nd several hours
later by Mrs. Casti'lo hanging to the win
dow curtain roller above, and ticking away
as if nothing had happened.
The glass in the two front windows was
blown into the street with a portion of the
window-curtains. A large portion of the
plastering in the ceiling had fallen and
destroyed some fancy articles, while others
had been thrown to the floor and broken
in pieces. Only one picture had fallen
from the walls in the parlor.
The shock was felt throughout the entire
block. Mrs. Castillo, who lives in 10fj_',
was thrown out of her bed and her baby
was pitched from the head to the foot of
the bed. No. IWO is empty, but in 1056 on
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY 3, l»ye.
How the Kitchen of Policeman Callinan's Cottage Appeared After Being Shattered by the Explosions.
[Sketched by a "Call" artist.\
the east side the occupants thought an
earthquake had come again, the building
shook so much.
"I feel all right," said Callinan in the
hospital yesterday afternoon, "but I can
see 1 had a narrow escape. I suffer most
pain in my left hand. I suppose I threw
ii upward when I heard the sizzling
noise.
"I didn't lose consciousness at all. I
knew what was coming and yelled to my
wife. The first explosion was much loudeV
than the second and it was not till the sec
ond that I knew I had been burned, as I
felt the flame burning me. I instinctively
made for the kitchen door, as I wanted
air, and it was fortunate 1 happened to be
facing it.
"I don't know where the leak could have
come from. It could not have been from
the gas jet, a* 1 am very particular with
it, but as the pipes are old I suppose there
must have been a leak in them some
where."
Callinan Is in the hospital and his wife
has fouDd temporary quarters with her
neighbor, Mrs. Castillo. She is not suffer
ing from any ill effects from the shock.
Reading In the Public Schools.
The California Association of Elocutionists
held a regular monthly meeting at Shiels'
building yesterday afternoon.
The chief event of the session was the pro
duction of a paper by Miss Emily Curlis. The
paper was eutitlea "Reading in the PtiDlic
Schools." The intelligent and instructive
style in which Miss Curtis handled the sub
ject called lorth animated discussion. Edna
Snell Poulson, Louise Humpnrey Smith and
Professor Ross spoke on the topic of the ses
sion. It was made clear to the minds of all
present that a radical chance should be made
in the existing method of teaching the art of
reading in the common schools.
At Grace Church.
A special musical service will be given to
night at Grace Kpiscopal Church under the
direction of William H. Holt, organist.
Messrs. Homer Heniey, Frank Coffin and
other well-known vocalists will participate.
SLUSHED RATES TO UTAH
Bitter War Between the Southern
Pacific and Competing
Eastern Lines.
IN CALIFORNIA'S INTEREST.
Discrimination Charged on the Part of
the Union Pacific and Rio
Grande Western.
It is now a battle between the Southern
Pacific Company and combined power of
the Union Pacific and Rio Grande Western
roads, the prize being the freight business
into Utah. The trouble has been impend
ing for some time and W. B. Curtis, the
alert traffic manager of the Traffic Asso
ciation of California, has the credit of in
stigating the war which is beinc; waged to
give California manufacturers and pro
ducers an equal chance with eastern com
petitors, so far as freight rates are con
cerned, for doiue business in Utah.
Several months ago there was a confer
ence of the roads interested in Utah busi
ness held in Salt Lake City for the pur-
POM of considering the situation. The i
Southern Pacific at this meeting contended
that the rates from California points to
Utah common points should be based on
the rates in operation between Chicago
and Utah common points — that is, should
be the same rate per mile per ton from Cal
ifornia as from Chicago. This the roads en
tering Utah from the east refused to con
cede. They were apparently in a posi
tion to control the situation, as the South
ern Pacific could only land California
freight at Ogden, whence it must be dis
tributed to the other Utah points over the
lines of the Union Pacific and the Rio
Grande Western. Thus, if the two latter
refused to make a combination rate with
the Southern Pacific Company to Utah
common points the comparatively hijjh
local rates out of Ogden would seemingly
bar the entrance of California products
into Utah.
There is a big object in this move to
shut out California freight from Utah on
the part of the two roads named. Every
pound of merchandise moved into Utah
from California means virtually that
much less for the roads entering that sec
tion from the East, as the haul from the
coast is almost entirely over the Central
Pacific railroad, with only the short hauls
out of Ogden to the distributing points in
Utah for the Union Pacific and the Rio
Grande Western, while freight from Chi
cago gives these roads a long haul.
As soon as the Southern Pacific repre
sentatives returned they, on the request of
different manufacturers and producers,
quoted especially low rates on certain
commodities to Ogden, endeavoring to
overcome the inequalities and discrimina
tions against California which the rival
roads refused to remove.
Additions were made to these "cut"
rates from time to time, and last month
they were all embodied in a new schedule
known as "Special Freight Tariff No.
26 — U," which was put out to go into ef
fect on April 15. This gives the rates
from Califoruia common points on the
Central Pacific road to Ogden, and from
Oitden to San Francisco. It is expressly
stated that "the rates shown herein are
not regarded as fair compensation for ser
vice, but are forced by excessive competi
tion of other carriers."
This tariff only recently attracted the
attention ol the Eastern competing roads.
They soon found that it gave San Fran
cisco a greater advantage for Utah busi
ness. In conseauence the Eastern lines
sought means to counteract the effect of
the tariff, and the method they adopted
was to cancel the distributing rates that
heretofore prevailed from Ogden ; that in,
they make merchants pay the full local
tariff rates on everything distributed.
Another move that they have made is to
exact the full local rate between Ogden
and Salt Lake for freight south ■ of Lehi I
Junction. All freight for this extensive
mining section previously carried the same
rate from either Ouden or Salt Lake, and
all freight from Ogden must necessarily
pass through Salt Lake.
This makes a considerable difference to
the jobbers at Ogden, who are handi
capped as against the Salt Lake jobbers
for this business to the extent of the rates
between Ogden and Salt Lake, which are
as follows per 100 pounds: First class, 30
cents; second class, 25 cents; third class, j
20 cents; fourth class, 15}^ cents; fifth
class and class A, 15 cents; cluss B, 13V«
cents; class C, 11 cents; classes D and E.
8 cents. As most of the freight for the
region mentioned is fourth and fifth class
this means a difference of at lea3t $3 a tou
to the purchaser.
The result of this action on the pa.rt of.
the roads east of Ogden has been to arouse
general and intense indignation among
the merchants of Gvden, who claim that
they are being discriminated against in
favor of Salt Sake. That the sentiment is ■
strong is shown by the following excerpt i
from a circular letter of John Crowe-,
croft & Sons Company, one of the largest ;
O^den mercantile firms, sent to all their
customers in Utah:
The Union Pacific and RloJ Grande Western •
railroads have issued a tariff by which Ogden
jobbers, when selling goods south of Salt Lake
City, are compelled to pay freight charges
from Ogden to Salt Lake, thus giving Salt Lake
jobbers an advantage over Ogden jobbers of
from 15% to 30 cents per hundred, but when
Salt Lake jobbers sell goods north of Ogden
they have uo freight to pay between Salt Lake
and Qgden, thus placing them exactly on the
same base as the Ogden jobbers in the north.
How's that for fair play? Giving the other fel
low the biggest club and the best place in the
ring every time. Of course there are some
residents in a certain city who think there is
nothing in Utah outside of that city bat "cow
counties," the inhabitants of which should
not expect any privileges commercially or even
politically, except paying taxes-, that their
great city enjoys.
However, the object of this circular Is to.
notify our customers to send us orders from
our lists as usual, figure with our traveling
men, and When your goods arrive send us your
expense bills and we will refund to you every
cent that your freight: would have cost you
j more from Ogden than It would have done
from Salt Lake.
This feeling has also manifested itself
through tne newspapers of the new State.
One of these, the Ogden Standard, in its
editorial columns stated that the farmers
and merchants in the territory thus dis
criminated against were rendy to grade the
thirty-six miles between Ogden and Salt
Lake if the Southern Pacific Company
would undertake to build the road, accept
ing stock in the road as payment.
OLYMPIC CYCLERS.
Handicaps for Their Five-Mile Road
Race at San Carlos
Tor Day.
The handicaps for the Olympic Cyclers'
five-mile road race at San Carlos to-day
are as follows: Roy Barney, James W.
Coffroth and Fred R. Butz, scratch; Frank
Rodolph and Howard Smith, 20 seconds;
Arthur Pollexfen, George James, Max
Rosenfeld and Charles KreHng, 30 sec
onds; Rnssell Eaton and Thomas Mulvey,
50 seconds; J. D. Saxe, S. I- Blake, P. A.
Breen, Ed M. Stack, Rudolph Schleuter,
Fred Carter and G. J. Fitzgibbon, 1 min
ute; C. B. Sloan, Paul Dunphy, J. P.
Jackson, Otto Eichholz, Milton P. Hayes,
Thomas B. McGiuness, 1:10; Stewart Car
ter, S. B. Pauson, 1:20; Charles F. Morel,
1:45; George S. McComb, 2:15.
BREWERY UNION FIGHT.
While Asking for Peace the
Men Are Preparing for
a Battle.
HELP COMES FROM ABROAD.
The Plan by Which the Union Brew
ery Workingmen Hope to Win
a Victory.
An interesting meeting of the Brewery
"Workmen's Union was held last evening
relative to the impending war with the
bosses c-f the association. The decision
arrived at was that one more effort will be
made to effect an amicable settlement
with the bosses and obtain a recognition
of the union ; also, that pending a settle
ment the preparations for a long, bitter
fight shall proceed. If it is possible to
arrange matters peaceably the union de
sires .to do so, but even if it has to be a
fight the union has everything to gain and
nothing to lose.
The preparation for the fight has pro
gressed further than many suppose. In
the first place the union has received the
indorsement of the .Building Trades'
Council, representing several thousand
men, and of the San Francisco Labor
Council, also representing a large force of
laboring men. At the meeting of the
latter organization Friday evening Secre
tary Joseph Walters asked that the execu
tive committee of the council meet the
executive committee of the union and
decide upon the brewery to be boycotted.
The union's committeewill decide upoii
the brewery at a very early date, when the
i delegates from Sacramento, Seattle,
San Jose and Stockton arrive.
• The plan outlined last evening shows
considerable shrewdness. To open up the
batteries of a general boycott against the
beer of all the breweries in the Brewers'
Protective Association would be futile.
To select a brewery whose patrons are the
"high-toned" saloons would be equally
useless. The plan is to select the brewery
•that sells the most to the corner groceries
and saloons in the districts inhabited
principally by the working people, the
element whose support has been promised
by the two big central labor organizations.
Additional strength has been acquired
.by a union brewer in a city not far away
volunteering to send all the beer wanted to
take the place of the boycotted brand.
This . brewer's product, both steam and
lager, is considered to be first-class. The
man himself has long been sharpening his
knife to stick into the association. As the
latter body is co-operative, on the principle
of protection, it will be obliged to go to the
assistance of the boycotted brewery. Tivsre
is but one way to meet the outside brewer
who helps the union in its fight — cut the
prici of beer to toe lowest notch. This
course is just what the association wishes
to avoid, because a cut-rate beer war is
disastrous to all concerned.
In the scramble for the patronage it is
feared, and no doubt with good reason,
that some of the wea-k need in the asso
ciation will surely fall down and unionize
their breweries for th sake of the work
in gmen's patronage. This is what is
wanted, for in the wreck the union calcu
lates on obtaining some of the spoils. But,
as stated, while these preparations are be
ing made for a long, bitter fight, the olive
branch is still extended by the union to the
brewers.WILLIAM CASHiTAN. JOHN FALCONER. JOHN HENDERSO.
PROMINENT MEMBERS OF THE ANCIENT ORDER OF FORESTERS.
FORESTERS UP AT UKIAH
Annual Meeting of the Subsidiary
High Court, A. 0. F.,
Then;.
LEGISLATION THAT IS PBOPOSED
Standing of the Order at This Time
on the Pacific Coast— Three De
gree Ritual Asked For.
The seventh annual session of the Sub
sidiary High Court of the Ancient Order
of Foresters of the Pacific Coast will con
vene in Ukiah, Mendocino County, on
Tuesday, the 12th inst., at 9:30 o'clock in
the forenoon.
Arrangements have been made for a
great reduction in railroad fares to dele
pates and to their friends who may wish
to attend the session. It is expected that
all delegates will reach this, City not later
than bunday preceding the session. A re
ception committee, consisting of J. H
Mannon, T. A- Templeton, J. H. Smith
George A. Sturtevant, W. P. McFaul O*
Cleveland, E. E. Holbrook and H. L. Her
zinger, will be at headquarters, at 102
O'Farrell street, on Saturday and Sunday
to receive the delegates and impart all in
formation. The delegates and those who
may wish to accompany them will leave
by the early morning train on Monday.
The reports up to. December 30, 1895;
COCBTS - Delegates . Alternates.
Coubts.
Alternates.
}
'I
■
i
■ Robin Hood, 5931-....; / Alex Nicholson Thomas Watson
; -Eureka.6l46(2>.. ./. £ I fJtf^^MMFM McL»nnan
eureka. b146 (21 Joseph Cane.. ......... .'.....'.'.'.".' W. H. Williams
Occidental 6676..... : : f Job "P'' Mosrrop ..."'. W. C-& Wilkina
: i D. K. Besecleer 'William Ring
._,. ._ " '• •• >J. H. Horwood James Reade
• FrldeofGrass Valley, 6803..... ' W. J. Movie.... ■■■■ Josiah Gla«son
. -. ' '.' • • ' * James Bovey ! William Trathen
.. • '- "•• . •• I P. J. Cole- s. Pay well I.
•~ Ftar Of the West, 6956.. .'...:.... ■{ Joseph H*?an ; ... T. Pemberthy
•.."•"./• •;. • .- .•- }W. .1. Thorpe ; .'.". C. M. Rice
-• Prido m the Sierras, 7X06.- .l. l j William L9aeh J. Na^el
Pride ot the Sierras, 7106. | H . H PeTymtin "" ".i a. .1. Friotaa
' Etarof the Mlsalnn rl(uir l( ui • f i George J. Hanson .' H. Phillpson
.. Star of the Mission, ,19?... J jßtnegT.j RtnegT . OoItOD ..... Charles F. Frye
H' 'oTfnia.- -oria '■" ' .'*■ Charles Sutherland > I Henry Downie :-%'»
VH^^V.^n^'-^'V' --Robert O'Ro -rfce : T. Regan
• Pride of Plum as, /351-... j. W. Powning .„
' ' Advocate, 7378 "..../ (Sam Ferris . . . ...I. ;;.-...v!".\\'" J. Mcfrneken
: German America, 747?..... WflriatnCUuu &:AV.V.7.\Y''.'.V.'. Paul'Goe^sel*
Amador, 7505 •; ! x . Leaves ....'_' .*..' James Blaney
Twin Peaks, 7556 ........ /J. R - Wlnijate John I>nllrs
„..„,„,._ " : <■ P. Koppen..... R. X. Mc[#nnan
Alca.raz. (749. X. Nathan (3) , Henry miner
: Garden City, 7752........ .4. !M! M - T p rrv - • F. X. Hernandez
.*-• ; „ . . . li FrankHocan H.Kelly
:■; rt} 1 %%'Z "ly ''" W. P. BBaiiah*n , H. Benjamin
• t n jtv 779& iV ; w. j. E. Boflrtell • WllUsm Trennery
■ an Joaquin. 7798 George Slebert ; Charles Ball
Pan Dieco. 7799.. „...„. „.... John .T. sehlelmer (2) .. F. X. Winter
' *P"atalr i_r Uy, 7900-....: .F.J. Loeemarsino....' .". D. O. Bambauer
I.lherty,7Bol .-.. Leonard Haas P.J.Rappa
• 7^"" '-' -? I- Welch Oeoree J. P Benter
" SSSSS'tein.-n— Fftl&ggp* WilUam M - cannon
.-. Onward, 7POS :.' a. I*rsen.\. VZ'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.V. AStpwiVt"*
■•; vlreuw 7«nV * S j. sb?ne:::::::::::::::v.:-:-;.::: W. o. Macdouml
vrJk I t '\£7a' •—•"'■ • OeprgeW. r un Charles a. Taylor
Piedmont. 7808.. : George A. Scott B. L.Davenport
Maz.^ni. 7 0 i fl i,- '•••• C " A: Sfnirliitra (2) L. Guanrimll
•.. >remont;7Blo. .• ..;•.....,.... w;H..Prlne • j H ici-hni«
-. Vlctolre, 7*11....:. .•....,,■....!.... J, JMbS^WA^^^l J - H - * ' _
h, U » «i*n mISTm IS T VSVi 'A. K.-Tarw»t«. ;":EE Charles Johnson
• "SIiJ SJ Sfl >r«U k" •?!?-•" G ,fO"?eW.Pi mDB on J.
•t, ,? -^ • 781 " W. F.Taylor Henrr Ravenherr
Kp'nijnVtn^ ?*uii H.L. Hayes George K. Cannell
■ -Kenslntrton. 7«0«... », W.J.Locke k. E. Aubrey
. Kntcrprls^. 7905 W. H. Eaßtman. . F.J.Haley
; K5tre11a.7906..-. : n. W. Often R. Scott
• Ath n enl 7077 07 W ' F - I™**- ■■■■■ ''■'•'-■■-■•'■■-'■ ft backer
Athens. 7910... :......... i\ F. Tanner |r. Bradley
■• • Kpdwood, (911.-........:.: j. m. Mannon. !e. K. Hoi brook
Mar of Redwood 7912 W.H.Thompson...... . H. F. Butts
j-shlneton. 7913 —•*• * « eo ? re . T. Brown O.H. Smith
railfornla, 7914, Fred Zimmerman T. Bealy
•; University. 7915 , a. C. Brown A. Alhurtis
• America. 791B; ... , WUH-m Hnnck. ....;... J. F. Kelly
Pride of Potrero. 7918. H. Nevlnj.. M.D H. Crepo
. ronrt Minerva. .7919.. Thomas F. Hatton A. A. Purand
Sherwood Tore«. 7920 G. B. Graham •. P. Clark
1 riar Tuck, 7921 C. McCntchln a Tnscber
Peq00ia,8016... : .'...^.......l C. G. McKeehan.. A. Jonlahl
■" ,■•• .. __• • I A. A. Killen H. Way
•■ Columbia, 8017 John Davis
Knlmia. 8018 .': ..... " ■ " ***
. Menlo Park, SO2O * J. K. McCrystle '...'.'.'!'.'..".'."."." D.O'HeHri '-' •*"'**•
tt * I L°t. <Bo - 1 Niels Anderson : Charles Brunone
Kcrbol.Bo22 W. W. Lovel A. Son brack
I < nh°nifar. *-023
Prideof Brron. 8024 «xi- Thomu iiosie ...«.....!.. thomasCariton *
Pride of S«n Mateo. 502.5. .;....:. William C. A1t.... W. K. Mead
l-010 Alto. 8026..- •. ?... A T. Gallaither J. L. Greer
£uniet, 8027....... T. J.Noonan.... .' C. L. Bell
P< rseverar.ee, W»2B. F. Y. Ma<Jeley Alex Gibson
Mount Diablo, 8029 Is. E. Erauw
. Capital. 80S0.. I w. F. F055........ ..;....... | jio.'iinnso'n"
: Todos Santos. 8031 : S. Farjeon John J. Burke
Pioneer. 8083 -. J. Bell J. C. Braoeham
• Kver?reen. 8034 , John H. Hnliivan Oeor?e Curtis
Camoes, 8110.... *. John F. Eckardt A.V.Peters
For: Brae«. B y,Hv: v - C. A. Henninarsen-. J. E. Weiler
':•'• Walla Wall*. 8114: J.D.Barnes . S. F. A. Shaw
■. Hat >f!«ruel,Blls .., F. C BlackleKe
• Paradise, 81 18.. George H. P. Shaw W. W. Green """""" '"'" """
- Gem of the Mountains, 8121 .
• Hpragne, 8123.  . .........
• • Commercial, 8124. J. I* Elarson." W.H'.BlVhop
Pride of Colombia, 8125 Hugh Tobln P. J. Glanz
Pomerov 8126....% H. C. Krouse J. R. Stevenson y
•. ri.iori.BlSo W. J. Woodhead A. A. Noon
7 Del MOnte, 8181.. ::::::>•::: A. B. Mcom - M ?EE J. J. McMahon
White Mountain. 8133 . .
• oak rove « 134 .......'.. H. DamVroeger/k.D JairieiTil'Ward '
Starb-JCk, 8J3»....... ...-/. C. L. M<-Co.r J. G. Woodrnd
Southern California, 8186 Georjr* S. Hoblnson H.J.Jones
rintf, 8137..... .....: H.s.Cole, W. F. nicklnson
Columbus, 8138 R. Waters R.H. Wa-ers
San Fernando. 8140 M. R. 10dk....: J. T. Wilson
Colorado 8341 D. B. McKr nzle , G«orc« L. Csmnbell
Cwpa?'Bil7 ' H.F. Crasser..... -....-.. E. B. M»sterson
* uPni, BZI/ . . . ...... ,*, * " V
o Laßunlta B25o."";;; ;;."•.■.■ ."""■.■.".:.■ H. W. Hhmier:.".v.:;.'.".".'.'".v.v.v Thoni'ns*G.'dook "■"
Ban Hedrln, 8221.....; H. W. Shn'ler.... John Gavin
Gat-.Citv 8223 "... J. H. smith, M. D J. A. WeJdman
Laurel, 8224 ...../ G. A. Cor.'ey.... J. B. Barker
•••Greenwood, 8225 , P. W. Messlnger Frank O'Brien
• Manzanita. 8 .'26 ..:...."......... James A. CottreU M. V. JlcAnlnch
Mer.drcina, 8227  Robert Mr- * rthor :. . >-^cAnincn
Ivanro . 82U8..., X. Robert Cannell. 8. j'.AVher*
Mcnnt non, 8230............'.. Frank Hauck.... H. W. Moitaena
Usai. 8231........: Oscar Day  m. L. BHtencourt
• ..Vigilant, 8232 .\ Paul J. Hyae :.". S. P. Carter
■Eclipse. 8235....*- .'...;..........;.. ;.......
Hcoiia. 8236 f*. H. Fry.... E. L. Ric'<art
Kuclfhorn. 8258.... H. H. Carle...; .......;.7.... T. B. McCarthy '
Mount Jefferson, 8239. H. M. Stanley M. Phelan
Prldeof Stanislaus, 8240.' J.A.Burns..... C. E. Cbauncey
• Albion, 8241 K. 8. John on.-. J. H. Dart '.
Ara'ta,B242» C. L. Me Craven, M. D C. F. Wdson
Taffi;::;::z::;:;;:; Myer !!::;:.-;":::;:::::::::::: MaxCo;in
Tnurapti, 8»60..: . .-
Court Mokelumne. 8351 M. D. L. Wlckham. W. .¥. BInKle""* ""
.. Court hotter, 8353 V. D. Colwlll V. W. Norton
Mount Rose, 8354 '. Dr. R. P. Chandler... R. C. Beeper
Violet, 8356 rt W. C. Ellis... ..:......:........
' Banner, 8355... Thomas H. Carr.. James M. Foley " """
Hydraulic, 8367 F. L. Arlo«ast K. Montelth .
Magnolia, 8358 W. G. Th0mp50n..... ...... .;...... L. T. Hayman
Ka(r1e,8359.... T.R. Holer. J. Poujad*
Barnsdale, 8380 ;.. J. a. Conboie J. Barclay
Lakeport. 8361 W. O.Moore A. H. Spur
• Escondldo, 8362 .■ Owen Taylor... B. F.Griffln
„ Castle Rock, 8364. v . . . ....
Castle P»ak.8366 :......... C. i ; .'aic>»iashan.' Joseph Marion '""
>lftnposa.Bßti7 R. A. Prouty J. A. Adair
Trinity. b308.. D Uangen...;. W. W. Young
Pride of Mountains, 8369..... Charles 6. Plumb :...
Madrone, 83.0. John W. Khuf0rd.;.......... ......................................
Mount Shasta. 8371 S. Campbell .
Duncans Peak, 8373 Sam Duncan..........:..:......... L. F. Long
?. ln * 8374 -•••• George L. H ngerford .'.:. ;.......
° Mount Konoctj, 8375...., William Johnston W. H. Fulty
Elk Mountain, 8376... Charles F. Clark. M. D.... ........: ;.........
Moss ilr^e. 8377........... W. D. Nunamakcr.. ............... ." ;
g Grant,. 8378. ....'. U ii D. Kahrs... Charles D. McLellan
Webster, 831 4.... '••' ...... c. Put5ch......... ;............ D. W. Fraser
Olive, 8516 ...:........ T.8.Wi150n..... G. W. Hoyle
.Tomales, 8516... :......... M . l. Murphy..;...... .....::..:;.. W.H. Evans
A strange bird captured on the River
Tyne, forty years ago, baffled taxidermists
until recently, when it was discovered to
be the barred hsematoris, a native ol the
Himalaya Mountains.
show that during the term there were in
stituted twenty courtß and one was rein
stated. Fifteen courts were suspended for
various causes, showing a net gain of six
courts. On the 31st of March, 1895, tne
membership was 7617, and on the 30th of
December it was 7822, showing a net gain
of 205. During that same period the net
gain in funds was $4528 57.
A great number of amendments to the
constitution will be offered at the session.
The more important of these are the fol
lowing: Tnat no member of the order
shall at any time hold more than one re
munerative position within the order; to
change the title of permanent secretary to
grand secretary ; to change the time of
meeting of the Subsidiary High Court from
annual to biennial ; for the publication of
a daily journal of the acts of the Subsid
iary High Court until the publication of
the official record in the quarterly reports;
to provide for the sub high chief ranger to
preside and have the powers of the high
chief ranger during the absence of that
official; to elect the secretary annually ; to
have the high chief ranger decide all ques
tions of law during a trial by the final ar
bitrators \ to declare "guilty of conduct
unbecoming a Forester" any member of
the order who shall violate any
laws of the State or county of
his residence or any of the rules of
reputable society and* provide for the pun
ishment of such offending member; to
provide for the punishment of any mem
ber who shall defraud any court of the
order or publicly attack or scandalize any
member thereof as such ; toprovide that no
member of the order receiving any subsidy
from the Subsidiary High Court shall be
entitled to a seat in the executive council
or act as a member of the auditing com
mittee of the Subsidiary High Court; to
provide for graduated initiation fees in
the endowment fund; to provide for
graded assessments; to create a general
relief fund ; to permit amendments to be
offered on the floor at the session of the
Subsidiary High Court; to provide for the
adoption of the three degree ritual as in
use on the Atlantic Coast; to reduce the
per capita tax from 80 to 70 cents.
The following is the list of delegates to
the Subsidiary High Court :
According to the annual report of the
Cremation Society of England last year
there were only 208 cremations carried" out
in the United Kingdom— lso at Woking
and 68 at Manchester.
THE SAN FKANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY 3, 1896.
A NUMBER OF SURPRISES
All Over's Win of the Handicap
Was a Startling
Reversal.
FOUR FAVORITES WERE BEATEN
Walter Hobart's Lovelight in Front.
La Mascota Dumped the
Talent Hard.
Finally a spark of warm spring weather
dawning drew a largely increased attend
ance to tne races. The management at
Ingleside had taken pains to furnish an
especially fine programme for the Satur
day crowd, and some rare good sport was
witnessed. A startling reversal of fona
and one or two neglect«d or overlooked
ones in the betting slipping in, served to
lend additional spice to the game.
The betting was livelier than for some
weeks past, all of the bookies getting a big
play. As four of the six favorites were
beaten, the members of tne ring undoubt
edly quit well ahead on the day. The
talent was fairly slaughtered over the re
sult of the last race on the card, wuen
La Mascota, who was plunged on for a
"lead pipe," failed to finish among the
first three.
The seven-furlong handicap developed
most unlooced-for result!;, furnishing tne
big surprise of the afternoon's racing. Sam
Hiidreth's All Over, who on Wednesday,
the opening day of the meeting, ran like a
"dog ' of the cheapest type, came out and
won like a real stake horse.
On that occasion he opened at short odds
and receded in the betting. Yesterday
coupled with his stable companion, St.
Lee, the ring took all sorts of liberties with
the pair, finally laying 10 to 1 against
them coupled, which price was later
played down a few points. Getting away
from the post a couple of lengths behind the
2 to 1 favorite, Olive, he rau the Corrigan
entry's head off the lirst half of the trip,
and in a drive with Chartreuse the final
furlong, beat her to tne wire by half a
length in I:29>£. The race caused a deal
of unfavorable comment on the running of
this stable's horses.
Millionaire Walter Hobart's crimson
colors were carried to victory in the open
ing half-mile dash for maiden fillies by
Lovelight, the daughter of Racine, defeat
ing her field of fourteen most impreasivoly,
starting a slight favorite at 2% to 1 over
Shasta Water. She was in front almost
from the tirst jump, and passed the stand
eased up a length in advance of the 60 to
1 chance Jerilderio in 49^ seconds.
For the rail and a funong, decided un
der selling conditions, Walt Vivell's entry
Articus looked the best of the eight start
ers, and held sway in the betting around
post time at odds of 8 to 5. He was not
ridden to the best advantage by Piggott
and finished third. As the stretch was
reached, the second choice, Don Caesar,
pulled away from All Smoke, and in a
mild sort of drive beat her by half a length,
with the favorite at the mare's saddle
skirts, third.
Ezell & Cochran's big jumper, Montalvo,
captured the mile and a sixteenth hurdle
event without much effort. He started a
7 to 10 choice over the other four starters
and won hands down from Silverado.
Colonel Weightman, weakly ridden by
Clancy, was a good third.
After a prolonged rest, White <fc Clarke's
Commission made his reappearance and
celebrated the occasion by taking the fifth
event on the card, a six-furlong selling
affair, in a drive with Abi P. Opening in
the betting at 5 to 1, he was played down
to 3>£. The winner showed in the lead
soon after the start and, ridden out, passed
the judges half a length ahead of AW P,
who was heavily backed. The 2to 1 ra
vorite, Jennie W, was away poorly and
ran unplaced.
One day a crackajack the next a rank
dog applies correctly to Jack Follansbee's
La Mascota. The big filly was considered
the one big "cinch" of the day, and when
the betting on the last race began, a six
furlong spin, the 7 to 6 that was chalked
against her was vapidly pounded down to
tto 10. Ridden in a rank manner by H
Martin fourth place was the best she could
get. Heading Encino and Heartease less
than a furlong from home Snider on Good
win II pulled in and taking the rail won
by half a length. Encino at odds of 60 to
1 downed Hearteaee a length for the place.
TRACK AND PADDOCK ITEMS
Trainer "Jimmy" McCormick was bid
ding his friends adieu at the conclusion ol
the racing. He leaves to-day for the East
with the Burns & Waterhouse string.
Secretary Sam Leake's electric annun
ciator for flashing the numbers of the first
three horses past the wire works to perfec
tion and is a great improvement over the
old long drawn out method.
Midas, entered in the name of J. H.
Tarn, was not allowed to start in tne flfth
race. The mare formerly carried tha col
ors of Dow Williams, who was ruled off
the Bay District track for complicity in
the Little .Pete scandal. The question of
ownership is still in doubt, and until the
officials of tne old track definitely decide
that the colored owner no longer owns any
interest in the racer her entry will be re
jected at Ingleside.
The management at Bay District track
have concluded to adopt the Abrahams-
Morris-Wildermuth staitine gate. It dif
fers from the other gates, irom the fact
that it is not used at Inpleside.
Owner Charles Boots has turned out of
training the best horses of his string, in
cluding Vinctor and Installaior.
The Corrinan entry, Can't Dance, who
was heavily backed to get the place in the
last race, balked when the barrier was
raised and was left at the post.
It was fortunate for the backers of Com
mission that Snider had the mount on
Abi P. With a less reposeful rider than
Mr. Snider, one that would keep her up in
the good position the chestnut mare held
down the backstretch, instead of letting
ber fall back. Commission would have had
a merry time of it at the end. The betting
was also just a trifle peculiar. Opening at
3 to 1, the mare was backed down to 13 to
5, but as post time drew nigh the accom
modating bookie laid 6 to 1.
Jack Follansbee would certainly have
been proud of his fast filly La Mascotta
could he have seen her perform yesterday
Martin, who had the mount, clung to the
rail down the stretch as a drowning man
does to a life-preserver, and this wheu it
was dollars to doughnuts he could not get
through on the inside. This same filly
was once before mixed up in an unsavory
race at the Bay District, which called forth
a searching examination from the judges.
When Encino can beat the first daughter
cf San Simeon she must be greatly on the
down grarte or else Encino is making rapid
strides toward the stake class.
Settling Lawyers' Fees.
Judge Seawell heard fee matters from coun
sel for the San Francisco aud San Mateo Rail
road yesterday. Mr. Bennett, the receiver,
wanted $15,000 for two years' work and J. C.
Campbell as much more lor legal services.
"THE CALL" RACING CHART.
Pacific Coast Jockey Club'« Winter fleeting. Ingleside Track. Seventy fitfh day, Saturday,
Hay 2,1896. Weather fine. Track good.
111 ft • fciKHl itACJs.— Four fnrlonijs; maiden two-year-old fillies; allowances; purse $400.
Index.
Horse, weight.
St.
V*
1
%
% Btr. Fin. i Jockeys. ' | op* tUn *i.
14 13 13 Pryce:.. ......'...' i 5-2 13-5
84 24 2tt hhepard 10 30
7V% 6J* 3 1 H. Martin....... 3 3
•2% 31 41 C0ady.. ......... 10 20
J»i 7 1 6 1 Carbt-rry ...... jlO ....
BVi 4 2 6Vi Bergen... ...... JO 8
tb 5h 7h : Peoples 5 : 10
9- ■• ,8% BMI J0hn50n. ........ 20 20
6h 9 9 1 Hig*ott 5 8
11 10 10 2 Cochran 6 10
10 11 1110 ißeaucharup ]U 50
12 ; 12 124 Rowan... 30 40
13 13 13 JlcCiain ...... 15 40
........ 5nider........... 4 10
Flu.
Jockeys.
I Betting.
j Op. cl.
950 Lovellght 103 1 I
1081 Jerilderia... 103 2 '.".'.'
887 Shasta Witter 110 7
1093 ISharon Lass 105 6
1101 Lady Hurst 103 8
lOiSißebekah 110 6
1060 Dmblita 110 8 ."
1051 MUs Glencola 103 12
Bohemian Lass. ..llo 4
iKachatl 110 11 '.'....'.'.
Maraquita HOi 10
1109 Rosa Mauenta.... 10:1 9
1089 ClaudiaT 103| 13
Destia HOjleft
Starting-gate used. Won easily. Winner, W. S. Hobart's b. f., by ttaclne-imp. Flirt. Time, :49Vi.
■J 1 -j Q SECOND RACE— Seven furlongs; three-year-olds and up; handicap; parse $400.
Index. Horse, age, weight. St. y^ I i£. s^ I Btr. :
1108 All Over, 4 110 2 22. 2£4 Tv, Iy. ~
(1091) Chartreuse 11, 6.. 102 3 HI 4 3 4 B 'l
1108 Olive. 4 ...^IOO 1 lv l n 31 2Ve
1004 Peter 11. 4 94 tf 64 6U. 5 6
1083 (Sweet Fvrdale, 3. 97 4 44 31 21 4
1103 St. Lee. 3..- 96 5 | 51 7 7 7
1016 Sam Leake, 3.... 95 7 | 7. 6 3 6 '6
Tin. Jockeys. L^ ettl
IVa Shields "5
2 3 i-nider. 4
3 2 Cochran 2
41^ Butler. 20
5 4 Martin 4
6 5 Mclmyre.. •
7 Plggott 7-2
Fin.
Jockeys.
I Beam?.
Op. : U.
.in?.
U.
8
5
2
50
3
*
7-2
Starting-gate nsed. Won driving. Winner, a C. HUdreth's b. c.,ty Hanover- Deceit Time, 1:29 V».
♦Coupled with All Over. '■
11 90 THIRu RACE— One mile and an eighth; selling: four-year-olds and upward: conditions;
il-u. purse $400. \
Index. Home, age, weight St. Std. jl4 Va % I Str. Fin. m Jockeys. oßet'o Bet '
1086 Don C;esar. 4 104 2il IV^il a 11 2 1 2 3 Hi I W.F1ynn.... ...... ~
1065 All smoke, 4 96 4 llttUl 2h lh la 2i; [Rowan 6
1103 ArtiCDS,5 105 B 3y 2 •* h 41 42 4 i/i 3 2V. : VigßOtt 6-5
1065 lrßeel.a. 105 65b 5S 5 3 58 51 4 I%* 8ergen....... 8-
-1072 Wawoua,s 110 12 V, 2% 314 314 3% 5 4 Shields:. ;". 6
1065 Trix, 6 102 36^ 74 610 tf^ 6™ 620 H. Martin.. 10
1088 yanitcdene, 6 100 7,8 8 8 8 7 7-4 Johnson BO
Sylvester, 4. 101 8 71 6% 73 7 . 8 8 McClaln 12
Jockeys.
Betting.
Op. CL
ttlng.
CL
11-5
15
8-5
10
5
12
200
25
Starting-gate used.
Won driving. Winner, Klmwooa stock farm's b. c, by imp. Brutus-Bessie.
1 I*7l FOi'RTH RACE— One mile and v sixteenth; over four hurdles; four-year-olds and upward;
XIJdL. purse $400. *
Index. Horse, age, weight. St. | s-td. 14 y, % I str. Fin. I Jockeys. LEeUlnftL EeUln ft
_ jvp. L/l.
(1110) ilontolvo. 6 350 2ln 21 2% 11 IS II H/ 2 Cochran... "l £lO
1110 Silverado, a....... 139 1 2h 13 lb 31 2y, 2 B^* T. Murphy. ........ 4 5
(1082) Col.\Velghtman,4lSß 56 6 3^ 2^ 8 8 33 C1ancy......:.;/..;: 2 8
1088 Ravine. 5 129 834 34 4iT 42 4it 46 bwift "... 15 30
1062 Kaperance, 6 130! 4 4% |4^ 5 6 5 6 J.Owens..... 4 8
Starting-gate used. Won easily. Winner, Esell & Cochran'sb. h., by Sid-May TJelle. Tli
Time, 1:59%
I "]«}•") FIFTH RACE— Six furlongs; three-year-olds and upward; conditions ; purse $400.
Index. Horse, age, weight. St. Vi V* 84 str. Fin. Jockeys. lo? 6 "'"?!
Commission, 5. ..11 l 2 11 lh lh lh Piggott 5 18^6
1020 AbiP, a. 109 1 31,4 5 1 52 22 snider . 6-2 11-2
1107 Warrago,s 109 3 21 2h 83 3% Narva'-n 8 9
1108 Yucatan 11. ... 95 4 41% 33 2y, 41 Fmwley "i 60 10
98fl|Podiga,6 11l 6 76 . 64 43 64 Rowan 100 60
49* Jennie \V, 5 109 7 5h 71 « 62 Coadv ... . 6-2 2
1086 .Sleepini? Child, 4.109 6 6% 4^ 7 7 1 McCUlo 20 12
71» Orbii, 6 11l 8 84 810 8 10 ; Johnson 100 100
719 I Imp. Candid, a,. .109 9 9 9 9 9 Macklin j 3 7-2
Starting-gate used. Won driving. Winner, White A Clark's b. g., by Saxon-Louise T. Time, 1 :17.
■j "1 90 SIXTH RACE— Six furlongs; selling; three-year-olds and upward: penalties; purse $400
Index. Horw. age. weight. St. 14 % % st r . Fin. I Jockeys. oßeUlncio BeUln ci
(1105) Goodwin 11, 4. ...112J 5 4b 4h 32 !lb |fcnider. ] 513 4
lIIOT. Encin0.3... ...... 03 S Iv^ 1y 3 lh 31 Johnson ." 40 60
(1097) Heartsease, 3.... 95, 4 3h 21 22 32 Pigcott . . 7 7
(1049) La Maacota, 3. ...103: 1 2h 63 43 41 Alarcin.. . 1 7-1(1
(1019) Alvero, 3 95| 6 6 6 6 5 3 Mclntyre ....... 12 20
1U99 Idij bauer. 4 1051 2 61 ah 5 6 Beauchamp 200 300
439 .Can't Dancp, 3...102'1eft! iCochran.... | 4 6
StartinK-gat« used. Won driving. Winner, Burns <fc Waterhouse's eh. c, by Imp. The 111-used-
Little Hopes. Time, 1 :16.
Fin. I
Jockeys.
Beulnir.
Op. Cl.
Men Who Are Weak and Who Have
Tried All Other Remedies With-
out Success Can Be Restored
to Manhood By
_
VARICOCELL il'^r NERVOUS DEBILITY.
**1 bad . Varlcocelc and the "^"M^^^-- **' was suffering from
accompanying weakness and "^TsFifks^^ general nervous debility in
was coins; into general Ncr« ""i^ :^zz its worst form, with all Its
vous Debility when I got the -3? g^^-%325 symptoms, when I got your
- Dr. Sanden Belt. In a week .. cj^ 4^ ~^~i^z2=^ Belt. It cured me perms-
the varicocele began to dis» •^'^^- 3"?%^S: nently In 30 days and I
appear, all pains left me and §J>^ <?« iSr know it is a certain cure for
to-day lamas well as any '^5-^^'^^^nN. all troubles of that kind."
man of mv age 0 )", says says THOMAS RAY, Amer-.
L. L. JOU A D, s>»n Lean- /,W»vfiV> lean Exchange Hotel, San '
dro, Alameda Co., Cal. v/ir.UV Francisco. .' .
IN APPEAL TO WEAK MEN. •
We positively guarantee it to cure all forms of Nervous Debility, Sper-
matorrhea. Shrunken Parts, Nervousness, Forgetfulness, Confusion ot
Ideas, Languor, Dyspepsia, Lame Back, Rheumatism, Kidney and Bladder
Complaint, and the many evils resulting from secret habits in youth or
excesses in maturer years ; we wish to say that the marvelous invention
of Dr. Sanden Is an absolutely positive cure. It has cured thousands every
year after all known medicines and other treatments have failed. The fact
Is that MEDICINES NEVER HAVE NOR NEVER WILL cure these troubles,
as you well know if you are a sufferer and have tried them. ELECTRIC-
ITY— which is nerve force— is the element < which was drained from the
system, and to cure IT MUST BE REPLACED. We guarantee our Patent
Improved Electric Suspensory to ENLARGE SHRUMKbN OR UNDEVEL-
OPED ORQANS, lor no pay. We faithfully promise to give every buy er the
crowning triumph In medico-electrical science, and have placed the price
within the means of every sufferer. A pocket edition of ; Dr. Sanden's cel-
ebrated medical work, "Three Classes of Men," illustrated, is sent free,
sealed, by mall, upon application. Every young, middle-aged or old man
suffering the slightest weakness should read It. It will point out an
easy; SURE and SPEEDY way TO regain strength AND HEALTH
WHEN EVERYTHING ELSE HAS FAILED. Call or address
sandbkt. xiijEctrzo ocx.,
630 MARKET ST., OPPOSITE ■PALACE HOTEL, SAN FRANCISCO.
Office Houru-8 A. M. .to 8:30 P. M.; Sundays, 10 to 1.
— OPFIOBS AT— ' .
£. NQ v. « ES \ CAU I PORTLAND/08.
y *04 fcouth Broadway. | 258 WasUlagtoa street.
. . ■"■:'■---- V ; -- -■■..'....'■ . \ ' - • -
Bennett pat his work in evidence. He said he
liad been compelled to hire an assistant at a
ealarv of $175 a month, which he paid him
self. Campbell s-aiU he settled sixty claims
for damages and had defended Nix actions dur
ing his term. It was suggested that $11,000
would be sufficient for the receiver, but Judge
Seawell reserved his decision until to-morrow.
More Lathers Arrested.
Besides the four lathers arrested on Friday
on Superior Court warrant* charging them
with murder in connection witu the death of
C. F. Jlaar, Daniel Dunn and William Starr
were arrested yesterday. The six— Dunn.
Starr, Waltz, Holmes, Meßae and Collins— were
also booked on the charge of assault to do
bodily harm upon Peter Trade.
NEW TO-DAY.
?"^p^^j4^^^^^^^^^®^^'
THE BARTLETT
SPRINGS
TTAVE ; THE MERITED REPUTATION OF
- 1 - being one of the wosdebs of the world, and
seekers of pleasure and lovers of sightseeing, as
well as those in search of health, will ■be well
paid by visiting them.
The Finest Summer Climate In Cali-
fornia. ■ \
LARGE NEW SWIMMING TANK.
A Positive Cure for Rheumatism, Liver,
Kidney and Stomach Troubles.
TERMS 810 TO 815 PER WEEK.
Two Routes to the Springs, S. P. Co. and
S. V. and N. P. Railway-
Address all correspondence to BARTLETT
SPRINGS COMPANY, 22 Fourth street, S. F.
PACIFIC COMESS SPKIS6S.
THE LEADING SUMMER and WINTER
BESORT IN CALIFORNIA.
OCATED IN A CANYON OF THE SANTA
■i-J Cruz Mountains, convenient to San Jose, amid
most enchanting scenery, about 1000 feet above
sea level. No fog. no mosquitoes; all sunny rooms,
with a frontage of 450 feet south.
Large Double Rooms, With Private
Bathroom ■
PURE SPRING of the celebrated CONGRESS"
SPRINGS MINERAL WATKK of the alkalo-
chalybeate class: valuable for table use and dys-
pepsia. liver and kidney troubles, rheumatism,
gout and cutaneous affections.
HOTEL. COTTAGES, NEW NATATORIUM-
ALL lighted with electricity; electric bells, tele-
grnpli and telephone: good stables.
RATES, $10 to $15 per week: only 2% hours
from San Francisco. via S. P. Write for particulars
• ■ ■•• J. F. PF..TCH. Saratoga, Cal.
lAPA SODA SPRINGS,
California's Famous Mountain Spa!
Have You Bkkk There Lately?
1000 feet above Napa Valley. Climate unsur-
passed. Views magnificent. Table supplied from
orchard and ocean, field and farm. Hot and cold
Napa Soda water baths. Telephone and Poatoflice.
Burros to ride. Bowline alleys,- tennis, croquet,
swings and hammocks. New improvements every
year. Gas and running water in every room. Re-
lief for asthmatics. WARM WATER SWIM-
MING TANK. An Ideal summer resort. Chil-
dren's paradise: mothers' delight; husbands' rest.
Address AN DRE JACKSON, Napa Soda Springs
/ — >f *%j!r~\ The Beantifnl
Illiiiiiill HOTEL
■SBil^ VENDOME
SAN JOSE, CALIFORNIA.
Never did this popular resort look more Inviting
than now. Newly painted inside and out. In the
center of its lovely grounds. Conspicuous for its
unexcelled table, service and general appoint-
ments, it is enjoying deserved patronage and
prosperity.
QEO. P. SNELL, Manager. •
TWO HOTELS AND COTTAGES.
Under the Old Management
riN AUSTIN CREEK, IN THE SONOMA
\J Redwoods, N. P. C. R. R., via Sausalito ferry.
Train leaves at 1:4 •>. Ho.el Cnzadero rates. FlO
to $14 per week; Elim Grove Hotel rates, »6 to $8
per week; tents, $3 to $5 per week. bend for cir-
cular.
C. F. BURNS, Proprietor,
' ■ "■ : • Cazadero, Cal.
JOHANNISBERQ
In the midst of the Napa Redwoods, including the
GREAT WING CANYON.
Iron Springs, Lakes, Bowling Alley. Splendid
place for Hunting, Boating and Fishing.
Elevation nearly 1200 feet. Best
Climate for Asthma.
ACCOMMODATIONS FOR CAMPERS. Convey-
ances every Wednesday and Saturday from Napa.
after the arrival of the morning train. TERMS
REASONABLE. Make your encasements before-
hand. For particulars address WALTER ME rz
Napa City, Cal. '
fi 17 Ifl fl HOT spring Sonoma
V ■ II I" I■ V ■ County, only 4% hours from
11* U ITIT \ Ban Francisco; but 9 miles
11 IV 11 11 UII staging: new road through
** ** *■"■ **• *"* ** canyon; new stages; sanitary
plumbing; natural temperature of water 130°Fahr.
of wonderful curative properties ; no fogs or disa-
greeable winds: mosqnltos and other annoying
insects unknown. Take Tiburon terry at $:30
a. I*. or S:SO p. K. Round-trip ticket only $5.50.
Telephone and telegraph, daily mall and express.
Rates $12 a week ; baths free.
- J. F. MULGREW, Proprietor.
CAMP TAYLOR, HOTEL AZALEA,
Toccloma, Bertrand's Hotel, Harm Co., Cal.
FIRST - CLASS ACCOMMODATIONS; DE-
lightful climate for camping; dancing pavilion,
croquet and lawn tennis: fine trout fishing, bath-
ing and swimming; splendid drives to Bear Val-
ley: postofUce, express, telegraph and livery at
both hotels: terms $8 and $1* per week. "
VICTOR W. KItAUSS, Manager.
JOh. F. BE XT RAND. Proprietor.
City office, 112 Taylor St., Fridays, 2 to 4 p. v.
LYTTON SPRINGS,
SONOMA COUNTY.
AN IDEAL PLACK FOR HEALTH. REST
AND PLEASURE: no staging; i/ a -mile from
station. The only genuine Seltzer Springs in the
United States an.l the celebrated Lytton Geyser
Poda springs. Wonderful curative properties
Table nrst-ciass. Send for circulars.
CALIFORNIA HOTEL,
Broadgange Depot,
SS-A.3XT 3El..A.3E*^a.BXj.
Summer Resort for Stan Francisco.
Rates (6 to $10. A. BERG, Manager.
OLD REOINGTON PLACE,
"DURLINGAMB, SAN MATEO COUNTY (OC-
1* cupied by Hoitt's School for Boys), for June
and July.
Address.. ...IRA O. HOITT.
THE JORDAI HOUSE, SAN RAFAEL, CAL.
First- Class Family Boarding- House.
MRS. j. F. JORDAN, Proprietress.
Beautiful View. Sixth Street, •
Flue Grounds. Head of R.
EL BONITO HOTEL
NOW OPEN TO TOURISTS FOX THB
season: salt and fresh water bathing, hunting,
fishing and . boating; : redwood grove, etc.: terms
reasonable. G. W. MORGAN,
• Duncans Mills. Sonoma Co.,CaL
FOR A SUMMER OUTING.
FOR RENT FROM JUNE I— NEW COTTAGE,
5 rooms | and bath; furnished ; - beautiful - loca-
tion; 2 miles from Glen Ellen; $40. Apply to
vy; OKO. G. CLARK,.
Office Welis, Fargo & Co., City.
T WOODS, IDEAL SUMMER RESORT;
X-i send for illustrated pamphlet and terms. Ad-
dress Lougwoods, Napa, Cal. -.■ ■ . .
HIGHLAND SPRINGS,
On the Border of Clear Lake, ; .
LAKE COUNTY,
DO YOU ENJOY A SUPERB CLIMATE,
dancing, lawn tennis, croquet, billiards? Do
yon like fine bathing, boating, hunting and fishing?
Do you need recuperation and rest afforded by over
thirty kinds of mineral springs? Shortest stage
route into Lake County. * .~ • v «
All this and more can be had at Highland
Springs. /
New hoteL Finest dlninc-room north of Sao
Francisco. -- • . c
From San Francisco it costs only $3 for the
round trip, and the hotel rates are 81 50 to 33 50
per day or $10 to $16 per week. Take the S. F.
and N. P. Hallway via Pieta, thence by a short de-
lightful stage ride. J. CRAIG, Manager. °
ban Franciaco office, 816 Montgomery st. v
YOUR VACATION!
Where Shall You Spend It ? o
Go where- monotony c is impossible,
where you may mingle with the light-
hearted social thro"n#, or bask in the sun-
shine by the surging sea, or stroll under
the shade of the majestic redwoods! 2 o
THE SEA BEACH HOTEL,
SANTA CRUZ, Cal., °
Now under the proprietorship of MR.
JOHN -11. CHACE, offers all these oppor-
tunities, , It is the ideal health and pleas-
ure resort, nestling in a very bower of
loveliness. Tor further information ad-
dress J. R. CHACE, " „
. ' Proprietor Sea Beach Hotel. ;
SANTA CATALHA ISLASB.
Augmented Attractions for Season 1396.
TTNEXCELLED FISHING, DELIGHTFUL
*J coast e.xcurs.ons, tally-ho staging, wild goat
hunting, bathing, boating, horseback riding, dan-
cing, pyrotechnic displays, water carnivals, grand
concerts every day after June 6. Popular. Hotel
Sletropoie now open, Island Villa In July.- w/--
For full information, Illustrated pamphlets and
rates, apply. to , . ■> „
I WILMINGTON TRANSPORTATION CO., .
222 South Spring st., Los Angeles, Cat
SODA BAY HOTEL. °
SODA BAY, SITUATE!) ON" CLEAR LAKK,
Is most Dicturesque. Soda Spring Is famous tor
the vast volume of delicious soda water which
it throws out daily, amounting to over 1,000,000
gallons. Hunting, fishing, boating and swimming
are unsurpassed anywhere. A fine bar has just
been opened. The table is supplied with the very
best the market affords, and the comfort and wel-
fare of all guests carefully looked after. Krea
camping grounds. A coach will connect with the
daily stage from Pieia and Highland Springs,
Adams, beigler, Blue Lakes and Saratoga. Fare
from San Francisco, $5 50; rouni trip, $10. Spe-
cial rates for families. G. B. WYATT, proprietor.
Soda Bay. Keisey vlUe, Lake County, Cal. ;
DUNCAN SPRINGS HOTEL;
Hopland, Blendocino County, Cat;, '
WIIiIj 03E»3E3r0- 3VE-ia.-5r,X
mHIS NEW 3-STOBY, HARD- FINISHED HO-
X tel is located 2 miles from Hopland station, on
the line of S. F. &N.P.R. R. The hotel is built
on a knoll, 250 feet above the vallny and 1000 feet
above sea-level. There are several furnished cot-
tages; also fine Electric and Magnesia Baths. * „ ;
Amusements: Billiards, Lawn-Tennis, Croquet,
BhuiHe-Soards. Fine walks to Duncan Peak, 2200
feet. Beautiful view.
O. HOWELL, Proprietor. "■
Board, *1O to 812 Per Week. Free Bat.
KLAMATH HOT SPRIHPS,
BESWICK, SISKIYOU COUNTY, CAL., A
noted fishing and health resort. Hot mud and
sulphur baths. > ; .-.•
EDSOJf BROS., Proprietors. **■
SEIGLER SPRINGS', /
X, iKK COUNTS'.
POPULAR HEALTH RESORT. OPEN THE
year round. Telephone connections. Round-
trip tickets at Southern Pacific ollices, $10: special
conveyance dally. For information address JOHN
SPAULDING, Selgler springs, County, Cal.
INWOOD FARM.
AN IDEAL SUMMER HOME.
For particulars and terms address • < »
FRED N. SHELDEN,
• Sebastopol, Sonoma County.
HOTEL DE THORNTON,
POTTER VALLEY.
FIRST-CLASS IN EVERY RESPECT.
■ R. E. RADER, PROPRIETOR.
Rates, $7 per week. Bath i'nd all modern con-
veniences in connection wltn Hotel.
A. 33. 3VEcTWC <a.1 l I3:'JS.
IF YOU WANT TO HAVE A GOOD TIMB
hunting and fishing where game of all kinds la
plentiful, take the S. F. and N. P. R. R. to Ukiah,
Berry hill stage to Potter Valley, McMath's stage
to Hullville. P. O. address, Hullville, Lake Co. Cat.
GLENBROOK
IS ONE OF THE MOST CHARMING RE-
sorts in the State. Fine scenery, hunting and
lfishing; excellent table. For circulars and further
nformation address O. W. R. THE I 'WAY,
Proprietor. Glenbrook, Lake County, Cal.
IVERSIDE RANCH— ON THE banks OF
Eel River. 6 miles from Potter Valley, Men-
docino County: round trip, $9 75 from San Fran-
cisco; fish in?, hunting, bathing and boating un-
surpassed. Terms, $7 per week. Excellent table;
milk, fruit, vegetables raised on the ranch. T. J.
GILLESPIE, Potter Valley, Mendocino County.
"TDEAL" FRUIT RANCH, TRENTON, SO-
J. coma Furnishea cottages; cheap; free
fruit; tables. ..■'.... • . .
OARD ON A RANCH 2000 FEET ELEVA-
Iio.i: food room* and first-class board; terms
ft) per week. Address Redwood Grove, Occidental,
Sonoma County. . ■ ..,■
HUTEL~DEL M.AX— THE SEASHORE; 20
mi Dies' ride from Santa Cruz; climate per-
fect; table unexcelled; surf bathing; sailing, row-
ing, fishing: buse* me?: all trains; children, $2
to $5 per week: adults. $9 per week: special rates
to societies and families. Address MANAGER
HOTEL DEL MAR, Santa Cruz, Cal., or room 29,
Maze building, S. F. ..-..-
T?OR THE SUMMER, OR 1, 2 OR 3 YEARS—
X I Furnished house of 13 rooms; bath; 5 minutes'
walk from Berkeley station. Apply on premises,
2316 Al ston way, cor. Chapel si., opposite Univer-
sity grounds. ' , ■
AUREL DELL HOTEL, ON LAUREL DELL
Lake (formerly Lower Blue Lake)— This pop-
ular resort opens to the public for the coming sea-
son with many improved facilities for entertaining
pleasare-scekers;- boating and bathing free; no
pains will be spared to provide a good table; terms
58 to $12 per week: route Si F. and N. P. Railway;
through fare $5: round trip $9 60. Address H.
W AMBOLD. Prop., Bertha P. 0., Lake County ,CaL
OLID COMFORT HOME RESORT— II MILES
from Napa City, on Mount Veder; elevation
1500 feet; mountain spring water: fine scenery;
healthiest climate: positive cure for asthma; good
board and room $8 per week; open to Ist of Janu-
ary ; fare from Napa City $1 50 via Phoenix Livery
Stable, Address MRS. A. F. ALLEN, Napa City.
SARATOGA SPRINGS. LAX.X COUNTY, CAL.
—The most beautiful summer resort in the
Slate: 8 different springs: sulphur, soda, iron,
magnesia, seltzer, etc. ; good fishing and hunting;
accommodations first-class: rates flO per week
and upward: table unexcelled; hard-finished
rooms en suite , and cottages Address J. MAR-
TENS, Bachelor PO3 office. Lake County, Cal.
BLUE LAKES PLEASURE RESORT— NEW
hotel, now open; many new Improvements for
the entertainment of the guests: the pavilion built
over the water; a naphtha launch, etc. • good fishing
and hunting. Address CARL MEYER, Bertha
P. P., Lake Co. Do not address Blue Lakes.
AT • BELMONT, SAN~MATEO COUNTY,
board for summer months: private family;
beautiful grounds: large rooms: 3 minutes from
station; 1 hour fm city. MRS. HANSEN.BeImon t
BROOKSIDE FRUIT FARM; FINE SHADE:
plenty ■. milk, cream, chickens . and frni:; good
accommodations. Address Broofcslde, Napa.
1112
SAN FRANCISCO "CALL."
BUSINESS OFFICE of the Pan Francisco Cat.i~
710 Market street, open until 12 o'clock everj
oight In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES-530 Montgomery street
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
339 Hayes street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
. 71 3 Larkin street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
SW. corner Sixteenth and Mission streets, opal
until 9-o'clock.
2818 Mission street, open until 9 o'clock.
118 Ninth »treet, open until 9:30 o'clock.
CHURCH NOTICES.
i^^p^^nis^cmnu^H^F^c^RTs^scjiJN^
«*~-*^ t'st— Services at 11 a. m. in Beethoven Hall,
336 Post 'st., cor. Powell. Christian Science Bible
Lessons, 'International Series. Subject: "The
• Healing Faith." •' Science . and Health " study
Thursday.- 7:45 p. m., in Golden West Hail,
320.P05t street. All are welcome. ■___
. EfcSSp- TRINITY' CHURCH, COR. BUSH AND
i*-^ Gough Bts.— Rev. Georsre Edward walk,
' rector. Sunday-school at 9:30 a. m. Morning
prayer - and . sermon at 11 o'clock. Evening
•prayer and sermon at 7:45. Holy com-
munion on the first and third Sundays of the
month', and on holy days at. 11 a.m. All wel-
come. The Kastor music will be repeated to-day.
gr-S 3 " CALVARY PRESBYTERIANCHURCH.
• »<6'. coriler of Powell and Geary sts.— Rev.
John Heruphill. D.D.. will preach at 11 a. m. and
. 7:45 p.m. Topic, evening:" 1 Well-Tested Founda-
■ •? tion." Morning muse. 1 1 1 Denin in B flat (Steams),
■. offertory, soprano solo, Mrs. Pri«-st Fine. Evening
music: "Bonum list," In <» (J. 8. Camp): offer-
, tory; '-Sun of Mv soul"; bass solo and quartet ■by
Gould.- All are invited. ■ '•* '.*•■ ■
" ■SS= First CONGREGATIONAL church.
• *B^cs' _ owing to the illness of Dr. Brown there
will be! no services at this church to-day. Sunday-
. school and Christian Endeavor services will aiso
• •be omitted. Regular Wednesday evening meeting
•" as usual. . ■ I. H. MORSE, Senior Deacon.
• W&S* THIRD CONGREGATIONAL CHURCH,
m*£? .Fifteenth St.. near Mission— Rev. William
'•. : Ruder, pastor. Services at 11 a.m. Subject,- "The
'• liivine Original." Services at 7:30 p. M.; subject,
'■The Religious Thought of Whittier." Music by
chorus choir under direction of William C. Stadt-
■ '.'feld: • "Hallelujah Chdrus" (Handel);, ••Damascus
March" iCosta):" "tit" (Costa), soprano solo;
• " "Sweet .Ps Tby Mercy" (Barnby): "The Lord Is
. . My Shepherd" (McFarren). Ail aie cordially in-
• • vited. ". • • - •
' n^S" FJP.ST KAPriSl' CHURCH. EDDY ST..
'.-• f+^& near Jones— R{>v. M. 'P. Boynton. pas-
tor. Services Sunday. May 3. 1896. Preaching by
.' the pastor- at 11 a. m.: subject. "The Church. to
• ' Be" (communion after sermon) ; and at 7:30 Pi m.,
" -topic. "The Granite of Belief." Baptism at the
evening service, Sunday-school at 12:30 p. m. Y.
' --P. S. .of.c.- E. at 6:30 p. m. Pray meeting
'.Wednesday', evening ;at 7:45. Christlan-cuiture
■i ■ -class each- Friday evening at 8 o'clock. All these
• ires. are open to the public Strangers are
. 'welcome. •_
.-. "Epsi5 => -FIRST UNITARIAN 1:11,1x11, COll-
tt-^ ncr 'Geary, and Franklin sts.— Rev. Horatio
stebbins, D.D., minister; William <;. , Eliot Jr.,
'-. ■ associate.- at ■ the church Mondays from 10 to 12.
:.';. Sunday-school at 9:45 a.m. vices at 11 a.m.
,• and 7:SOp. 11. Bible-class at 9:45 a. m., led by
...-'Rev. Samuel Slocombe. "Forward Movement"
. " sermons,- -morning and evening. Morning, Dr.
siebbins:- evening, Rev. E. M. Wilbur of Portland.
. All are cordially invited. •
" ■ JCg^. SECOND UNITARIAN CHURCH. COR-
mS? ner- of ■ Twentieth and Capii sts.— A. J.
; Wells, pastor. ' Services at 11a. M and 7:45 p. m.
■ ' '. conducted by Rev. E. B. Payne of Berkeley. Ser-
1. mon on "The Forward , Movement." In tlle'even-
• Ing the pastor will* speak on."The Deeper Meaning
•Religion Mqst Have To-day." Pastor's Bible class
' ..'*t 7 p.' M.:- Sunday-school at 9:45 a.m. All'seats
. are iree.. Pastor's residence, 20 Liberty st.
' fejS* WEST SIDE CHRISTIAN CHURCH,
..*"^ Bush st., near Devisadero— Preaching by the
.." pastor, ' Rev. W. A. Gardner. .-To-day is the fourth
• . 'anniversary -of the beginning, Of this churcb, and
.• ; the sermorj at 11 a, m. will be a review of its
... : work.' Topic. '-Why We Are What We Are."
- . .Sermon -at -7. p. m.. "A Reasonable Religion.'*
. . Sunday-s<?.hool. 10 a. M. Y. P.>>. C, E., 6-:45 p. M. •
! ft^S* THIRD LECTURE ON "PROPHECY,"
.....Us*- by Dr. Morgan, at Scottish Hal, Lar.tln st.,
v ai 3P. H Topic. '.'The Apocalyptic Seals." R. E.
I ' Church services, 320 Post st., at 11 and 7:45 p. m.
■fTx&» MORMONS AT 909 MARKET ST. : SER-
• .' &*&. vices at 2 and 7:45 p.m. President Taffner of
. California mission speaks 'at evening service.
• Subject, "The I^ord as an Organizer/ He. will
. show the order of the spiritual and natural creation
and the unanimity of all of God's creations. : All
.- are welcome./ - . . . • • ' • •
:. ■ R^S=* THEOSOPHICAL .SOCIETY — FREE
-.. I»~-* p public lectuie every Sunday evening at 320
; Post st.. 7:45 o'clock. To-night. "The Test of ■
- Gratitude;" by Mrs: M. M. Thirds."
'•■ ' ~ • -.- SUNDAY MEETINGS. ~ .
■ 2PS=-.THE SOCIETY OE PROGRESSIVE
•- .Be*-*' Spiritualists will meet in Golden Gat& Hall,
.' on Sutter St., between Mason and Taylor, on Sun-
'• day. .May 3 at Bp. m. speaker. J. Cleirg Wright.
Subject, selected, by trie audience last Sunday,
. '.'What. Shall IDo to Be Saved." Music by the
•: Misses Lillian and -Emily Colt-man. Admission
'.-. iree. ':.'. ' ' . » -." •-. . . - ' . .
.'VtZS' LIBERALS AND , TRUTHS EEKERS—
■' l i? Dr. J. L. York, the distinguished orator,
' . speaks at Scottish Hall, 105 Larkin su, this even-
■ -.Ing at 8 sharp on ♦•Scletice and Theolojry." with
.-.; prelude 00 Rome's hand in the imprisonment of
- the editor of the "A. P. A." Magazine. P. S.— No
. ■ more draughts in Scottish 'Hall.' Admission free.
: ■£""■»■■ AT 99 7 MARKET ST..FIRST PRCQRES-
. l»-^ sive .Spiritual Church— ll a. M.,test develop-
'• ing 'circle:;.. 2 p. M.. tests, Mrs. Ituuham, Ewer, -Mr. I
' ■ Hans-en: 8 P. it., flowers, articles' psychometrized, i
Mrs.. Warren, Robinson, Aitkvn, Ewer: Monday,
' .May 4,'jß entertainment, supper, dance, 25c.
. Cp^= DR. HOBBINS. LECTURES T(>NjGHT'
•. -!*>*< -on '.'lf Spiritualism Is True Why Don't the
. Spirits'. Appear to You?" Convincing tests; the
■.sick -healed^ mediums developed :. written . ques-
t ions answered. Washington-Hall, 351/2 Eddy. St., I
.'• 8 p. m.: circle tickets,- magnetized paper and ad- !
'= mission free. " .
' " K^=: -SIME. - MONTAGUE WILL LECTURE
.. •~-^ before the Psychical Society of Oakland at
Fraternal Hall, Washington su, at 8 p. m. Sub-
- ject:. "Government." ! ■>.•.,-•(
•- WSg*' JOHN SLATER.- THE GREATEST
v**pr platform test medium. —Grand test' seance,
" .with' full names of spirit and living friends, to-night
. at -sharp. Metropolitan Ttjmpie, Fifth,. "below
• 'Market. -Investigators in spirit and occult phe-
, ' n'omena:welcome. Admission 10c. •
■' B^nS" DR. RIN-ES SPIRITUAL MEETING.
B*"-^ 809 -»li;rket su. 2 and 8 p.m. Circle and
, platform tests. Mines. Dunham, Truce, Fix; R.
" H. strtts Song, .Mrs. Minna Woodward. Office
• 13i^> Sixth St.: hours 10 to 5 p. m. o
■ ppS=» GOOD CITIZENSHIP MEETING.
■ U-x/' Metropolitan Temple. Sunday, May 3, 3
• p. m. address b> Dr. George H. Derrick of Oakland.
Subject, "Home's Subterfuge." Admission free.
• TO-NIGHT AND NEXT SUNDAY
• : "*"■*' nicnt: Mrs. Colby's last circles before leav-
, " .Ing for summer vacation, at 1221/2 Oak st. . : . * •
1 ftps?* "RAND spiritual test MEETING,
fc>-=^ 909 .Marlcej, St., at 2 ana BP. M. Mrs. Hen-
derson, Mrs. Butler and R. A. Btltu
*J3= 'JOHN SLATER ASSISTS CHILDREN'S
. ■*-»" Lyteuin in flower festivities to-day at 909
. . Market sk;' 10:30 to 12.. ■'
' flfcSS* ADDIE SWAIN RETURNED— WILL
> . u^-*^ see natrons to-day, 10 a. m. to Bp. it. 1065
. Market st" . . . •
■SJfp« A TEST CIRCLE TO-NIGHT. IOe^AIMEi
0 c^^. YOUNG, 605 McAllister: le.t<e orchestra.
. BtgS» C. V. MILLER, ETUEKEALIZING, SlA-
****' terializing seance to-night, 8, 635 Poat: 50c.
Its' MRS FULTON, MATERIALIZING
"^ at*&- seance to-night; 50c; sittings dally. 31 Fell.
. «tgS= MRS* SHKINER. TEST CIRCLE TO-'
* *^^ nlgbt; 10c. Sittings daily. .-ll Van Ness aye.
:• ■■♦ -.?_._• NOTICE (tl JIEETINGS. T~T
\ Vgg^ ; GRAND CONSIKTORYOF ' "'■'""■
»-^ Cairfomia-Orßcers and mem- l"|Uff]
hers are requested to meet at then IH I ' ' n !
Temple on SUNDAY AFTER- K^^H^dl i
, NOON. May 3, at 1 o'clock, to attend 1 * Wm
« the funeral 01 Brother GUSTAVUS l!l — 'HBi \m
L. SPEAR. .. • 'H 1 "- 1 I
. a -.. GEO.'J. HOBE. Gr. Registrar. fMfcl
' BsS''' GODFREY DE ST. OMAK i-ii-i
«^-^ No. 1. Knights Kodosh— Offl- |Ht
■ •cers and, members pre requested m Jgjl _T5l
■ 10 mccl at the Temple on su.VDaV iKrsiSs?r--rS
AFTERNOON. May 3, at 1 o'clock |pii^lp33(!
to attend the funeral of Mr Knight £i~~lBSi IS
'GU6TAVUBL. SPKAR. By order JBL
: of the Grand Commander. . l****"*l
. .' '■ • ■<>• GEORGE J. HOBE.-Recoraerl
IflS» yURBA BI'E.VA CHAP- T~~;
E* 37 ter No. 1, Knights Rose Crolx— pi
= Officers and members are requested . I |
• to meet at the Temple on SUNDAY ' — i* — I
" AFTERNOON. Muy 3, at 1 o'clock, — ' r TV — '
to attend the funeral of Sir Knight, RJ
. GUSTAVUS JL SPEAK. By order M
' QftheW.-M.: . . . • M
. GEORGE J. HOBE, Secretary. LJ
' •"fc^S* YERBA BUE X A LODGE OF "
S»-*^ fection No. I— Officers 1 and members •&•
are requested to meet "at the Temple on A
. SUNDAY AFTERNOON, . . May j 3,- at 1 fA
oclock, to attend the funeral of Brother*^?
GUSTAVUS SPEAR. By order of the V. isT"^
' J GEO. J. HOBE. Secretary.
' "IKS' CALIFORNIA LODGE NO. I.F. «
- +-& and A.M.— Fnneral Notice. Theoffi- A
cers and members of the above-named lodge VfaT
are hereby not! lied to attend the funeral /VA
£ D °. r J ate brother . GUSTAVUS LANGFORD
SPEAR. in King Solomon's Hall, Masonic Tem-
ple, on JsLN DAY, May 3, at 1:30 o'clock P. m.
blaster Masons and friends of the deceased are in-
vited. By order of the Master.
' ,- FRANKLIN 11. DAY. Secretary. ..
H^S= DON'T FAIL TO ATTEND THE 'i~
l*-^ twenty-seventh ■ grand annual Irish
National ■ reunion and excursion of 1 the feY/4
Knights of the Red Branch at Shell Mound *£t?
Park TO-DAY (Sunday), May 3. There .will be a
large number of valuable cash gate : and , name
prises to be, contested for, including running
jumping, weight-throwing, hurdle-racing and jig
and reel dancing; $.0 in gold coin-first gate prize
. -open to all -* There will be two nrst-clal fiddler!
on the grounds for i B*ndreel'dancin(;. Music for
dancing in the pavilion will be furnished by
%£&"? " Mi » 3' Band. Boats leave foot of
Market st..^ever>- half hour lor the park. *. -.-. ..- -
Kg?'- AN.nUAL MKETINtJ-THK REGULAR
IFf? annual .nei tin? of the stockholder* of the
Christy Mining Company will be held at the office
of the company. .-fit) Pine L, room 28, 'an- Fran-
cljco. Cal., on MONDAY, the 18th .lay or -May,
1890. at Hip. hour of 1 o'clock p. m.. for the pur-
pose of electing a board of directors to serve for
th« ensuing year. • and the transaction 'of such
other business as may ' come before . the meeting
Transfer books will close on Friday. May 15 1896
at 3 o'cock p. m. • GKO. K. SPIXNBY,' Sec. '
;•. Office— 3lo Pine st., room 28, San Francisco Cal.
MEETING yOTICES-Continued.
ES> "FOR AULD LANG SYNE."— v <7>t.
»•& Thirty-third grand annual excur-3V, fJkvJI.
Bion, picnic and games of Si. Andrew's
society at El Campo SATURDAY, May '*^£J%
16,1896. Boats leave Tlburon ferry" at 9 a. m.
and 1:30 p. m. ANDREW WILKIE, President.
William C Cook. Secretary. ■ • . !
|T^B»"~CLaN~FR AS XXK X NO. 78. C. S. . «■
"»-*^ C— A musical and dramatic en-3V.^^»LS7
tertainment and historical klnderspeil *k*£v£ I
entitled "The Happy Family," with a '* fc -39<fc \
grand chorus of fifty Scotch children, Instructed 1
and led by Chief Rattary of Clan Macdonaid, Oak- I
! laud, will be held in Scottish Hall, li.-5 LarKin St., I
on FRIDAY EVENING, May 8. at 8 o'clock. I
- This is something new. Come and bring your i
- bairns. Admission 25c.
■.-.-•-: EDWARD KERR, Chief.
! Wm. Coritack, Secy.
' (Fgp THE ANNUAL GATHERING v C? >,
l!*^ s^ and games of the Caledonian Club jV. (Jtii/1 !
1 SATURDAY, May 30, at Shell Mound ■*B*JL&£
■ Park. D. K. McNEILL, Chief.
1 James H. Duncan, Secretary. - ;
• BS 1 ANN UAL MEETING.— THE REGULAR
■ tSr-c annual meeting of- stockholders of the
! HUTCHINSON SUGAR PLANTATION COM-
-1 PANY will beheld at the office of the company,
. 327 Market St., San Francisco. CaL, on TUESDAY,
the 12th day of May, 1896, at the hour of 11 a. m..
• for the purpose of electing a Board of Directors to
■ serve for the ensuing year, and the transaction of
such other business as may come before the meet- '
Ing. Transfer-books will close on Friday, May 1, I
at 3 P.M. . E. 11. SHELDON, Secretary.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
eTeCtl£D~FOk' s47
, m*sr. collections made, city 'or country. Pacific
Collection Co.. 415 Montgy su, 'room 6. Tel. 6580.
SITUATIONS WASTED-FEMALE.
C~< OOD AMERICAN COOKS, CITY OR
X county, $30 and $25; German cook, $30; up-
stairs girls, $15 to $20; general housework girls
city or country, $1 5 to $25; await positions. MISS
; HICKEY. 1033 Post St.
pOMPETENT WOMAN WANTS A POSITION
\J as cook In an Institution, city or country: first-
class reference. Call or address MISS HICKEY',
1033 Post St.
OMPETENT SWEDISH WOMAN WANTS
work by day washing or housekeeping. Ad-
dress M. M., box 30, Call Office.
y-OUNG WOMAN OF GOOD FAMILY, EX-
X perlenced milliner and dressmaker (educated), j
desires occupation with llrst-ciass family 10 ao I
, light work through the house same as at home; |
would core lor children; must not sew too ruuch; i
change required by physician. Address C. It., box
91. Call Office ' ■ . .
p~ERMAN W O M \ N WANTS POSITION AS !
VX working housekeeper or as tirst-class cook |
in German family. Call 663 Jessie st.
OEFINED EDUCATED YOUNG LADY
j Xt would like the charge of 1 or 2 well-behaved
children. Address W. 8., box 101, Call.
LADY- CAN CONFIDENTLY RECOMMEND
middle-aged Swedish girl to take entire charge
of children or nurse to invalid lady. Address C. C,
box 76, Call. . ..
INTELLIGENT MIDDLE-AGED LADY
X wishes a position in wholesale or manufacturing
business. Please address-L., box 137, Call Office.'
I) B IN ED YOUNG LADY' ll ' i-Isl TtES TO !
Xt travel with lady as maid or nurse for expenses
to New York: good references. B. »., 2106 Dela-
ware St., Berkeley.
WANTED— SITUATION. BY A FRENCH 1
" lady as cook In a private family for 1 or 2 1
persons. 1717Va Bush sU
\\f ANTED— POSITION AS COMPANION BY
tt a re tilled, well-educated young lady; cheerful
disposition; accomplished pianist (competent to j
teach); experienced hair-dresser and manicure;
good reader and excellent correspondent; no objec- I
lion to travel, or country. Address J. M., box 19, I
Call Office.
YOUNG WOMEN WANT WORK BY THE j
X day: . Monday, Wednesday, Thursday; good
' willing workers; references. 324 V2 Fifth st.
I7»IK ST : CLAaS MILLINER WOULD LIKE EN-
X casements by the aay in private families. Ad- i
dress M., box 16, Call Office.
VV A.Slt.i) —SITUATION TO DO GENERAL
M housework in small family by neat, active,
elderly woman; gook cook: cltv or country; good
recommendations. Address a. T. It., box »2. this
office.
OMAN WOULD LIKE SOME WORK BY
•"the day. Apply 1429 Pacific au •
OUNG GERMAN OIKL WANTS SITUA-
J- tion to do light housework; wages- $12. Call '
. 716 Vallejo sU
EFINED GERMAN LADY DESIRES POSl-
tion as companion or attend invalid; good
• reader: about 10 years' experience; will also go as i
maid and seamstress: good sewer in all branches;
city or country, call or address 806 Union su
Vf fDDLE-AUE D GERMAN WIDOW WISHES
.LTX a position as housekeeper for elderly people.
A,ddreas 18 Stockton place. *
' I LLING WOMAN WANTS WORK BY THE
I? day washing or housecleaulng; $1 60 and car
fare. 17 Howard st. ■ '
YOUNG STRONG WOMAN WANTS ANY
x kind of work by the day; housework and wash- ;
ing; .7 c per day; half a day 60c. Call or address
1014 Pacific su, Deu Taylor and Mason.
OTHER AND DAUGHTER WANT WORK
in same house; will take less wages to be to-
gether. Address M. C, box 97, Call Offiie.
DRESSMAK ER-GOOD CUTTER AND FIT-
XJ ter; fit guaranteed; wishes engagements;
SI 50; cuts by tailor system. Address 1703 I
Jessie St., near Eighteenth.
] DRESSMAKER WOULD LIKE ENGAGE-
XJ ments; graduating dresses a specialty: $1 26
per day. Address Work, box 96, Call Office.'
\\roULD LIKE FEW MORE ENGAGEMENTS
J :»» in families for milli::ery and dressmaking- am '
quite skillful in making over millinery. M A I
box 32, Call Office. ''
\\/' IDOW LADY WANTS POSITION AS |
» » housekeeper ■or for room- work, . sewing or
mending. Call 821 Mission st., room 3, nrst door.
\\r AN . El> —BY RESPECTABLE MIUDjTe"- ;
tt aged woman situation to do cbamberworK or I
cook lor party of men. Address T. T., box 76, can. :
pOMPKTENT WOMAN DESIRES SEWING '
■ V^ by the day in families: first-class skirt maker-
children's clothes a specialty. Call or address
MRS. D., 8 Essex su, off Folsom, near Second.
YOUNG WOMAN WOULD LIKE TO TAKE
J. care of children and make herself generally
useful with party coin? East; best of references.
Address W. W.. box 78, tall.
BY FIRST-CLASS NURSE TO CARE FOR IN- I
XJ valid or small family: good cook and house-
keeper; best of .references; American woman
Call 214 Fourth St. |
GIRL, AUK 15, WISHES SITUATION TAKE
VT cure of baby: prefers to sleep at home. Please
call 355 Jessie st. • . .
I•" M A N DESIRES SITUATION TO DO
,1  r R . eneral housework; city or country. Address
15(t8Vg Sacramento st.
I ).. t ..-s...Ah;t.l WANTS WORK; GO OUT
XJ by the day; also make children's clothes;
terms $1 50. -Address by letter.MlSS MOORE
804 Larkin su
RKSSMAKER AND SEAMSTRESS; GOOD i
litter and draper; terms 50 cents a day. E. F I
box 80. Call. . '
WIDOW, WITH 2 LITTLE GIRLS, AGED 9 i
»» aua 12, wi ntsa position in a widower's fam- !
ily as working housekeeper; a good home more de-
sirable than wages; country preferred. Call at
1522 Turk st.
RESPECTABLE WOMAN WANTS WORK '
by the day; housecleanlng: washing; local I
references. Call after 2, S. H., 222 Willow aye '
bet. Van Ness and Franklin sc.
GERMAN WOMAN WISHES PLACE: COOK- i
VJ ing and washing; sleeD home; $3 per week '
Address 2"09 Mission su !
I AMERICAN WIDOW WISHES GOOD !
I ■"■ steady place as housekeeper: no 'triflers. Ad-
dress.MßS. L. HENRY, 337 Seventeenth sU, bet.
!.• 'ssion »nd Valencia. .
1 , .
Ci.CO.vl) u/DK, WITH GOOD REFERENCES, i
O wishes a situation in hotel or restaurant; will
do any kind of kitchen work. Call or address 448 I
Tehama su
I DOW WITH A CHILD WISHES POSI-
" tion as housekeeper. Call from 11 to 4 m., |
1142 Howard St.; no trlllera need apply.
piRST-CLASS GERMAN . NURSERY GOV-
x: erne^s desires re-engagement; . qualified to take
entire responsibility; willing to take- other duties
if desired: teaches elementary branches, also mu-
sic; excellent testimonials of former prominent
New York patrons. Ploase call at present em-
ployer, 2312 Howard sU . ,•>.
SITUATION WANTED (AMERICAN girl)
O to do general housework in American family
wages $20 to $26. Address American, box 29,
Call Offlce.
V* IDHLE-AGED LADY WISHES SITUATION
-I.TX as housekeeper, for widower with children pre-
ferred ; city or short distance in the country. Call
at 240 Shotwell B t.
POSITION • WANTED AS HOUSEKEEPER-
•- family of 2 preferred. Address P. W.,'box 29
Call office. • ■-'■.
VI JDDLE-AGED WOMAN WISHES SITUA-
itj. tion to ao- general l housework ■ and cooklnc.
Address B. H., box 10, Call Office. . .
"yOUNG MARRIED SWEDISH WOMAN
x wants work by the day washing, houseclean-
ing or any kind of hard work; $1 60 a day. Please
address MRS. ERLANDSO.V, 1029 De Haro st.
YOUNG LADY DESIRES POSITION AM COM-
x panion to lady while attending business col-
lege. Address G. 8.. box 89. Call Office. '
MIDDLE-AGED WOMAN WANTS A SITUA*
J.U. tion as ladles' nurse, or would take care or an
Infant: terms very -reasonable; city or ; country.
Address 866 Mission su -
COMPETENT REFINED WOMAN, IS GOOD
yj : nurse or housekeeper, could ■ take fall care of
infant or Invalid ; would be - willing to make her-
self useful; best of references; wages reasonable.
Box 43, 839 Hayes st. - - . - >■• - .-.-«.. .-•
W OMAN, WITH A CHILD =5 YEARS, GOOD
'» sewer, neat housekeeper, I plain cook, wants
work in city or country; good home . more an 00-
-ject than wages. Address O. H., box 7, Call Office.
V* OMAN. WITH ,GIRL .11 EARS OLD!
:" wants situation In- hotel- or lodging-house to i
do chamborwork. or ; would '- take charge of the '
same. : Call or address 306^ Sixth st. >..
YOUNG LADY WANTS .^A~ SITUATION AS
X housekeeper; city preferred. Apply 1201*
Ueary su. room 10. -. ■'.-■. .-.-. •>.-, Z 73
\*TANTED-BY A LADY, A POSITION AS
" seamstress ln private family, Call or address
H. E. J.. 411 Brannan su
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY 3, 1896.
SITUATIONS i WANTED-Contlnued.
YOUNG LADY WISHES A SITUATION AS
1 nurseglrl or upstairs work in private family.
Apply 431 Pine si. ' ■- ■ ' - ' ■-
WEDISH GIRL WISHES SITUATION TO
do general housework. . Please call 436 Page st.
SITUATION WANTED BY' A
O American young woman as nursegirl or assist
in light housework in small family : will go for
$10 per month with mother's room and board:
references: car fare to be paid. MISS C. MOSS,
310_Turk_sU_ •■- ■ ■ :_
Bookkeeper- wanted BY A THOR-
XJ oughly competent young lady with 8 years' ex-
perience position as bookkeeper and stenographer;
best of references. Address Reliable, 1153 Wash-
ington St., Oakland. . ' ' ' -
WINCHESTER HOUSE. 44 THIRD ST., NR.
' » Market; 200 rooms: 25c to $1 50 per night;
$1 50 to .f 6 per week: convenient and respectable;
free bus to and from the ferry. ■ '.
SITUATIONS ._ WANTiiJU-MALK.
HUNTER & CO., CHIN'EB^^«^"JAPXN^
ese , employment office, 17 - Webb St., below
Kearny, bet. California and Sacramento, tel. 231.
/Chinese AND" JAPANESE RELIABLE
"Whelp; tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY&CO.. 640 Clay.
PC O. COOK'S SOU SUPPLIES COOKS: ALL
♦ branches '.short notice. 14 Gearr. tel. Grant 46.
JAPANESE AND CHINESE EMPLOYMENT
O office; best help. 3148 Sutler: tel. Grant 30.
/"CHINESE AND JAPANESE EMPIX>YMENT
\J office; best help. 414y 2 O'Farrell; ML E. 426.
<Si^(\ TO ANY ONE OBTAINING FOR ME A
<pUU position as porter, barkeeper or driver of
delivery wagon. Address Porter, box 25, Call.
<£»?"./") YOUNG MABBIED MAN WANTS
tjpOU. position in wholesale-house or office; ex-
perience; references and bonds; will pay $50 to
one securing. Address B. S., box 68, Call Office.
ARDENER WISHES PLACE WITH PRI-
vate family: middle-aged: single. Address J.
O. C, box 163, Call Office.
C ITUATION WANTED BY A YOUNG, SOBER.
O steady confectioner; best references. Address
C 8.. 123-129 Eddy st. ___^
SITUATION WANTED TO GO EAST, BY
yoang man of 28, in return for services. It. M.
A., general delivery. - -.->:- - .-
/> ARDENEK; FLORIST; GERMAN ; SINGLE;
yy 29; expert greenhouse worker: 'long experi-
ence; well recommended, wishes situation. Ad-
dress D., box 135, Call Office.
C 1 OMPETENT HOUSE- PAINTER. WITH
yj tools, wants work by the day or piecework;
city or country. Painter, 23 Pleasant st.
MA AND WIFE (GERMAN). WITHOUT
children, wish a situation in the city or
country, man thoroughly understands the making
»nd keeping of wines and is <• good farmer; wife a
good cook and housekeeper; best of reterences.
Address O. 1... 519 Sacramento st., city.
GARDENER— A FIRST-CLASS GAKDENER
vJ wishes it steady situation; eood references.
Address Gardener, box 15, Call Office. .
WANTED-AMAN WITH A FAIR EDUCA-
" lion, speaks the Scandinavian and English
languages, accustomed to speak ln public, desires
situation where he can be of service: no objection
to traveling: best of references. Address CM..
box 19. Call Ofliee. - - " ■^
ANDY YOUNG MAN WANTS WORK OF
any kind: handy. with tools: little experience
in plumbing. Apply at MR. HANSON'S, 1149
Mission st.
T76T OF 13 WISHES WORK ON RANCH.
if Call or address 817 Jessie St., off Ninth.
"Y"OUNG GERMAN CARPENTER AND CABI-
X net-maker, with tools, wants situation; is will-
ing to do any kind of work. Please call or address
120 Valley St., bet. Twenty-eighth and Twenty-
ninth.
J>IRST-CLASS FRENCH CHEF. RECENTLY
from the East, with best references, wishes
situation in large hotel or restaurant, or In good
family. Address LKON ANDRE, 315 Stockton.
y OUNG MAN SEEKS EMPLOYMENT AT
X anything not laborious: age 20 years: apply at
once. DANIEL DEFOE, ship Bass Rock. Harri-
son-street wharf.
SITUATION WANTED BY SINGLE MID-
O die-aged man in private place; understands
care of garden, horses, cows, poultry and orchard
reference; wages $16 per month. Address D. R..
box 110. Call Office. .. ;;-,,^ .-
S" TEADY, RELIABLE MAN WANTS WORK
kJ> of any kind; city or country: good reference.
Address J. X., box 86, Call Office,
ANTED-SITUAIION AROUND PLACE
" by middle-aged man; understands care of
horses, milking and good flower-gardener; good
reference. Please address A. A., box 1, Call.
WAN TED-BY MAN AND WIFE A STEADY
tt place on ranch: man is firs -class blacksmith
and horseshoer, good woodworker; also can run en-
gine and do general farming: wife is good and sav-
ing cook: capable of taking entire charge of ranch.
Address G. C. L. T., box 101, Call Office.
YOUNG MAN WILL WORK FOR BOOM
-•■ and board, window cleaning, janitor's work or
waiting; references. Address K. A., box 71, Call
office.
\\r ANTED— SITUATION AROUND A PLACE;
tt middle-aged man: can milk; good horseman ;
garden; good references; wages $10 per month
and found. Address A. P., box 19, Call.
OY, 17 YEARS OLD, RESIDES WITH PA-
-rents, desires a position as office-boy; good
references. Address W. X., Call Branch, 2518
Mission st.
SITUATION WANTED— FIRST-CLASS PR AC-
O tlcal circular sawyer or baud; can file own cir-
cular saws: best of references; also good mill
carpenter. Address Sawyer, box 106, Call Office.
BARBERS— GOOD BAHBEKESS \VITHES~A
a situation In good barber-shop. Address S. A_
box 74, this office.
OLD GENTLEMAN WOULD LIKE POSITION
of any kind; light work: can handle horses-
careful driver; care for cows: very handy with
tools; would make a useful man around gentle-
man's place: wages not so much of an object, de-
slres a good home. Address G. 8., box 37, Call.
MAN AND WIFE, WITH 1 CHILD, DESIRE
situations on ranch; man handy at farm work' I
wife good cook; wages reasonable. Address J. M.'
box 43, Haywards. j
■\\T ANTED-SITUATION AS cashier OR I
» » assistant bookkeeper; the applicant la moral
and strictly attentive to business; best of refer-
ences. Address X., 2310 Steiner st.. S. F.
PAINTER, TINTER AND PAPER-HANGER !
wonts work by the dny, roil or contracu Ad- '
dress Paper-hanger, box 48, Call Office.
RELIABLE YOUNG MAN WISHES TO
learn brick-laying. Call . or address . 1032
Hampshire.
EXPERIENCED BUTCHER WISHES POSU
tion: no objection to country. Address T D
MORGAN, 646 Taylor aye., Alameda. "
JAPANESE, COMPETENT MAN, WANTS
steady place to do laundry work or general
good help. Address A. M., 639 Stevenson st.
THIRST-CLASH COOK WANTS PLACE; GOOD I
X references. H. KOIIINSON, 1426 Mason St.
MAN AND WIFE, NEW ENGLAND PEOPLE i
I^l. private place; man understands care horses'
cattle and grounds, general work; wife excellent
cook and housekeeper; reference. Address M.W.,
bOZ 154, this Office.
"EDUCATED YOUNG MAN OF GOOD AP-
XJ pearance, speaks English. Spanish, Chinese
and German; Is well acquainted In ab6ve countries-
wishes position as traveling companion or valet!
Address G. E.. box .74, this office.
VI AN AND WIFE, INDUSTRIOUS, COMPE- I
-L'-L tent, German-Swiss couple, wish place for '
cooking and general housework or ■on ranch: city
or country. . Address 321 Green st.
E-NGINEER; THOROUGHLY . UNDER.
stands dynamos, compound, condensing 'or
non-condensing engines; wants position: refer-
ences given. Address N. C box 16, Call Office.
ANTED— SITUATION BY SINGLE YOUNG
" man to cook for few men and do chores on
ranch or work around private place. , Address R.
8..b0x 78, Call Office.
RELIABLIS YOUNG . MAN . WISHES TO
X\> learn a trade. Call or address 821 Bush st.
V" O U NG ENGLISHMAN (23), WITH' GOOD*
J- education and . references of character; can
drive: wishes situation. Address Y. M., box 67
Call Offle. '
YOUNG MAN (SWEDE) WISHES SITU A-
J- tion; city or country: can drive, attend to
horses, milk and do gardening work: best of ref-
erences. Address G. C, box 42. this office. '
T UNCH COOK (GERMAN), STEADY, SOBER,
xj wishes position. Address Saloon or Lunch-
house, box 57. Call Office.
STEADY YOUNG GERMAN, 22, WISHES A
situation; has experience in the grocery busi-
ness. Address T. PETERSEN, 821 Hampshire st
city.
YOUNG MAN WOULD LIKE' POSITION IN
X grocery business: has experience and good ref-
erences. H. WILLIAMS. 417 Mason st.
FEMALE HELP WANTED.
pboK,VMALL^AMERICAN FAMILY. COUN-
\J try, $20: German chambermaid, $20: second
girl, $20; waitress, country. $20: mlddle-a~ed
woman, $15, and others. MURRAY & READY,
634 Clay St. '.'-.,7 .
"ANTED-10 SMART LADIES OF GOOD
'» appearance to canvass in the city for salary.
Apply at once to U. S. Industrial Agency, room
167, Crocker bnlldlnc. "
G*IRL TO. ASSIST WITH CHILDREN AND
VJ light housework. W. 8., box 53, • San Mateo
Cal.-. , - .-...,.-,..■
\TOVSQ GIRL TO ASSIST: ALL FAMILY;'
. can go to school or take music.,- 1118 a Twenty-
third, near Noe. . ;
UPILS IN MILL'NERY CLASSES, DAY
and evening; elegant. poods to work with: satis-
faction guaranteed. 1104 Market st., room 32.
IRL TO ASSIST LIGHT HOUSEWORK;
r care of baby; $8. 1508 Fulton su  ,• ; • ■■■
ANTED — LADY TYPEWRITER, WITH
" her own machine. - 873 Market st. "
A T SAN RAFAEL, STRONG GIRL, $15 PER
month. Apply 915' ' z Filbert St., this city. -
G"i IRL ,TO WORK •IN RESTAUB ANT. 410
T- Kearny 5t. .... . : .
YOCXG GIBL TO ASSIST IN STORK; MUST
X understand paper work. ; 713 Lurk In st. ■;■.-
\\r ANTED — PUPILS FOR - MILLINERY
' * school; course thorough, prisct cal; satisfaction
guaranteed; reasonable. . 410 Leavenwortb st. .
\\' ANTED — YOUNG AMERICAN OIRL, i
<• with some knowledge of music, to assist, in j
housework in a family of * 3 grown pertons; an in- ;
teilljtent > young.', lady will find a pleasant home- 1
wages $10; references, - Send proper name and ad- '
dress to A. 8.. box 10, this office.
j HELP WANTED— Continued.
LADY CANVASSERS,: WITH SALARY AND
commission: very attractive situations. Ap-
ply to U. S. Industrial Agency, room 167, Crocker
building.: . < ■-,-■ .- * ■■ •{ »'
STHMA CUKE GUARANTEED: DR. GOB-
dln's Chocolate Emulsion. 221 Davis, nr. Clay.
AIRDRES.>INO. 25c AND 35«: MORNING
and eve dosses; 10 lessons,sl 60. 1248 Mission.
G'J. IRL TAKE CARE OF CHILD AND ASSIST
; light housework; sleep: home. 916 Twenty-
third. .
BIGHT YOUNG GIRLS TO LEARN DRESS-
making; paid while learning. BOWHAY, 504
Sntter su . • '
A PPRENTICES "TO LEARN DRESS : CUT-
-d. tlngand making. 14 McAllister. rms 67 and 68.
OST CONVENIENT AND RESPECTABLE;
Winchester House, 44 Third St.. near Market:
I 200 rooms; 26c to $1 60 per night; $1 50 to $6 per
week;. free 'bus to and from ferry. : r, .
•pvKESSMAKING, CUTTING AND FITTING
XJ taught; new styles: perfect fitting patterns
25c up. McDOWELL Academy, 213 Powell st.
"U r INCHESTER HOUSii .44 THIRD, NEAR
tt Market— Electric lights in very room: 200
rooms: 26c to $1 60 per night; $1 60 10 46 per
week: f^H) bug to »ml from lii- ferry.
." ' ' MALE HELP WAN TED. ■
C GOLOBXI) KXTKA W AITBBS FO B '"'o&VK-
*J try hotel; free fare both ways: call Monday
] morning at 7 o'clock ready to start. C. It. 11A.N-
SEN «fc CO., 110 Geary st.
1) ARBER FOB A COUNTRY" HOTEL AND
*-» resort; free shop and freeboard; keep a 1 he
makes; a middle-aged man who wants an easy
place preferred. C. R. HaNSEN & CO., 110 Geary.
■meat AND PASTRY COOK, COUNTRY
« restaurant, $50;. second cook, country hotel,
$35; English waiter for country hotel: washer for
country hotel, $26. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 110
Geary st.
T)LACKSMITH FQR CAMP, $50 AND FOUND;
L* lunch-counter cook, $8 week; waiters, country
hotels, $25 and $.80: lardener for private family,
choreboy for ranch, dishwashers, etc. MURRAY
<te READY, 634 and 636 Clay st. . . : - ; ;
A LL AROUND BAKER; SMALL SHOP; NEAR
■**• city; 10 week. MURRAY & READY. 634
Clay st.
WANTED— 10 GENTLEMANLY appear-
* ' Ing men as canvassers on a selling article for
salary. Apply at once to U. S. Industrial Agency,
room 167, Crocker building.
PARTY WITH $200 TO LOAN CAN SECURE
X good situation. P., box 18, CalL ■
0 good SOLICITORS- BIG PAY to right
*i parties: well advertised btislne^s. Co-crperalive
Tailors, 659 Market sU
UO Y WANTED-CALL AT 9 A. U. MONDAY
-IJ Bombay Tea Co., 241 Sanchez sU
BOY WANTEDTHAT can set up type
for business cards. Apply 335 Montgomery st.
PARTNER WITH $300 TO $600 IN A BUST
x. ness that will bear investigation. Address It.
T., box 94. Call Office.
T?RRAND BOY, WELL RECOMMENDED. 621
XJ\ Valencia st. ' . .
1 A MEN TO COMPLETE MINING PARTY
X\J for Alaska; must have $300 each; rich gold
Ifd?e all ready to work on located: four months'
trip. Apply Monday forenoon, May 4, to J. ROSS,
8 .-tPtiart si. . - • • -
SHOEMAKERS ON MKN'S NAILED AND
repairing. 959 Howard st. . ■ ,
IT 1 ST- CL A TAILOR: GOOD WAGES. 834
X Howard st.
ANTS AND VEsT MAKER WANTED. 697
Mission st., second floor.
IX FIRST CLASS CARPENTERS, $6 50 A
0 da? ; inquire 115 Turk St.. F. H. QUALMAN.
W ANTED— YOUNG MAN TO TRAVEL;
tt salary and expenses : must have $150. ad-
dress C. G., box 89, this office. ■_
WAITER WANTED, INOLESIDE TKACK,
Linneil's Kitchen. 7 10 8 a. m.
A 1 ASKA GOLD FIELDS; A FAST SAILING
-i*. vessel will be dispatched by the Sa> Francisco
and Alaska Gold Mining Co. on or about Wednes-
day May 20. for Cooks Inlet direct: will carry
freight and a limited number of passengers; faie
$30, including board and 200 pounds baggage,
For further particulars apply to FRED HOLMES,
606 Battery si., S. F.
ANTED — STOCK BRICK MOLDEKS. IN-
quire at 803 Folsom st., in shoe store.
6;k'> PINE-FINE LODGINGS If ALL
1 '*■' prices by day, week or month.
ARTNER FOR WORKING PROPOSITION
with $75. P., box 18, Call Office.
<IM PLA A MONTH; YOU CAN MAKE It
*lDX.fj\J easy; 6 hours a day: our agents don't
j complain of hard limes, but are making big money
selling National Dish Washer: built on scientific
principles; guaranteed; everybody wants one-
-1.000.000 to be sold; price low. Apply at once
World Mfg. Co., W6, Columbus. Ohio.
j WANTED— AND WOMEN TO WORK
tt at home: I pay $8 to $16 per week for making
crayon portraits; new patented method: any one
who can read or write can do the work at home In
spare time day or evening: send for particulars
and begin work at once. Address H. A. ORIPP.
German artist, Tyrone, Pa. ... j .. . . '
IMRST-CLABS CUTTKK AND SALESMAN
X. is wanted by a tailoring establishment, out of
town position; a porter for a first-class business-
house in city. Apply to U. S. Industrial Agency,
room 167, Crocker building.
AN TO ACT AS BARKEEPER IN A BUSl-
ness bouse: must understand mixing of drinks,
give reference of last employer, and be an honest
and sober nun : middle-aged, married, able to
speak German preferred. Address G., box 91, Call.
OIRAVELING MEN TO SELL CALIFORNIA-
-1- made gloves on commission: references re-
qulred. Answer R. M., box 10, Call Office.
\\r ANTED— SHOKMAKERTO BUY' OUT THE
tt oldest stand in Vallejo at cost of tools. F. J.
I.INKLETTKK. Vallejo.
AGENTS WANTED FOR DYEING AND
cleaning: references required. Hanson's Dye-
ing Works, 315 liuerrero St.
pENTLEMAN WELL: ACQUAINTED IN
* J city can find profitable employment by ad-
dressmz G., box 95, this oiuce. |
LOR SALE— $W); GOOD PAYING 2-CHAIK
x barber-shop. JONES <fc O'FAKRELL.
vtkw Waldo HOUSE. 763 MISSION. BKT.
X' 3d and 4th— single furnished rooms, night 15c
to 50c; week $1 to $2 60; clean/qulet reading-room;
strictest attention to morning calls; open all night.
1j"OR SALE— BEST-PAYING 3 CHAIR 15c
-1- barber-shop; cigar-stand; laundry. Address
ASA BF.RDKOW, san Jose.
GENTLEMAN OF FIRST-CLASS ADDRESS,
who Is a man from the word go, to represent a
well known and introduced article on this coast; a
bond or deposit required for guarantee of good
faith. Call at once on U. 8. Industrial Agency,
room 167, Crocker Building. . ,■- • . /■'_
T? S. REMOVED 609 TO 643 CLAY ST.; UOT-
X-i. tie wine or beer hot lunch 5 cents.
ROOMS 15c TO 75c PER NIGHT: 60c TO »1 50
per week. Oriental, 225 Drum in
\\T ANTED-AT ROOM 317, 328 MONTGOM-
" cry St.. clerks and laborers to call If they do
not receive their just dues: no' charge unless suc-
cessfu]; suits: Superior and Justice Courts.
WANTED- MEN '.TO I,'AKN BARBER
' » trade; only 8 weeks required; tools given and
catalogne sent. S. F. Barber School, 1616 Howard.
CLE XK K 1 AND LABORERS' CLAIMS B'GHT;
1 ac ts adjusted. RATTO'S, 612 My, tel. m. 353.
k' 1 KU U I N'S CAL' A ASTHMATIC PAPER.
XJ Instant relief. For sale by all druggists or Cen-
Iral Pharmacy, SW. cor. Grant aye. and Sutter st.
C~}ALF SHOES MADE TO ORDER FOR $2 50;
1 half-solelng 25c up. 969 Howard su. nr. sixth.
ANTED— AN IDEA: WHO CAN THINK OF
- » • some simple thing to patent? Protect your
w£?JrA. b £ y may brtn 8 OU wealth. Write JOHN
WF.DDERBURN A CO.. Kept. L, Patent Attor-
neys, Washington, D. C, for their $1800 prize offer
and list of 200 inventions wanted. , •
T)EST IN CITY— SING • E ROOMS. 15, 2C AND
n •« c ? nts per "'«"': :»i. $1 26. «1 60 per week.
Pacific House. Commercial and Leldesdorff sts.
VV ANTED.TO COLLECT WAGES DUE LABOR
-» ' ers<tclerks. KNOX Collection Agcy, 110 Sutler
A RISERS— EMPLOYMENT CALL SEC-
XJ retarv Barbers' Aeso.. 826 Grant aye. 8. FUCHS.
IJARBKRif PROTECTIVE UNION KM PLOY-
J-> tnent secretary. CONBAD TROELL. 637 Clay.
IJAKBEKS' ASSOCIATION OF UAL. EMPLOY-
J^ment. Secy, p. c. Hamann, 238% O'Forrell:
1 ( DE V L ""HOURE.~SIXTH AND HOWARD
-M sts.; single furnished rms 75c week, 15c night.
J T « OPE^ : CONTINENTAL HOUSE, 621
lOr iR?n 8t " . c ' 0W Ke « rn >-: lodging half price. 6c.
lOC, 16c pr night ;c;eanbeOs.suiiuv rooms.no bunks
TUE ,o BKST ASD CLEANEST 10-CENT
j^ m a j_»*r_l3'^ Grant aye.; coffee a specialty. ■
■U-ANTKD-L.ABORERS AND MECHANICS
til ?.n D ° W lb ? 1 Ed Ro "* in . Keno H' aw proprle-
l£i£™ run »- IJ enver House, 217 Third su; 150
large rooms: 25c per right; $1 to $3 per week. ;
WsL*Vy,y, HKKK Housl!: .°2l* SACRAMENTO
20 nd!>R,V 0 "? >mB: . b^ l!t lD the clt -""- sinc.e rooms
M and 2Bc a night. SI a week: meals 10c.
■Al-'i^t? % "' SOUN(I 60c: LADIES' 40c; DONK
MX whi.e you walL 638 Market, opp. Palac^. Hotel.
l(K)fl^nl IU JAKE LODGING AT 10c. 15c
624 w. B hin;M * *; lßht ' Includl "5 coffee and rolls?
p^« Washington sU. near Kearny.
VV von^otrt *f"Ofc DOCTORS; WE REPAIR
«nd i^h « Bho<!S and mßke tnem as sood as new,
2?«i£!h^ r K new m » ch^"B we can do your work
Bfil Mission St. between first and Second nts.
662 Mission su. betweeu First and Second Bts.- ' •
M T E^° -Manha"ttaa stoulTfoodT
* TJ - all grocers keep iv
M^lrt »ECOND-HAND . SHOES. ROME
-L'J- nearly new, aac to $1 25. 562 Mission. ;
K 1^ 0 52 O S^ 808^ ' MARKET \ST.-
Rooms 20c, 35c. to 60c. night; $1 to $S week.
W NC , HES TlfiK HOUSE, 44 THIRD ST.. NX AR
"Market; 200 rooms, 25 cents a night: readlos-
room: free bus to an.l from the ferry. . < v 7
TT R , KE *>EER-TWO SCHOONERS FOR 6c;
x »Ino a bottl tof lager, 6c. ot 637 Cray st.
Tf" V £ Ll> , ib - HOU&K. }*i>7 MAT. ST., BIS-
x low tsixth. for room: 2 .-1 night; $1 a week. ...
Ay AN £ -SI KG . ROOMS, 15c A DAY; $1
» a?'"* ' rooms for two, 25c a day, $1 50 a week;
- reading-room: dally papers.— .^6 Clay St. > . .
. MOUSES t WASTED. . '
TV^ANTED-^-IN ROSS. VALLEY. FOR JUNE
•if and July, a well-furnished bouse of 10 or 12
rooms. Address, with price and particulars, 1368
•£ OSt Hi*
V AGENTS WANTED.
j T A TEST THING OUT! NEW SAFETY GAS
lj maker and burner: no chimney; no wick-
: burners; no grease: no dirt; cannot explode: al-
most equal to electric light: bp:t>r than some of
I them; selling rapidly everywhere; - nice agency for
j ladies or men: act quick. Apply to Manufacturers'
i Agency. Oakland, Cal. '-■ - . -
I \\r ANTED — LADY AGENTS IN EVERY
: *'*» town in the. State: large profits: steady em-
! ployment; splendid side line lor those handling
. Indies' wear. Call or address MRS. F. ST. ROSE,
j 621 Turk St., San Francisco. - .--.:■■-.-■
AGENTS— IF~YO U WANT MONEY HANDLE
aluminum novelties: no hard times -with our
agents; quick sales and big profits. , ALUMINUM
NOVELTY COMPANY. 110 Sutter st.
WE- WANT AGENTS FOB LEATHER SUS-
»» penders: good terms. 1332 Sacramento st.,S.F.
j GENTS WANTED: ■- LIBEKA L COMM IS-
-rt. sion: must give reference. . F. BRILLIANT,
410 Post st. ■.;-,-,-•■■'
GOOD ARTICLE FOB A LIVE , AGENT.
Address WIKSTKR A CO., San Francisco.
: WANTED— MISCELLANEOUS.
j ELL r-y OUR BO^K^^LOTHTNITANDTrEw'
: C 1 elrf to A. KLKIN. 109 Sixth St.: Bend postaL
_;_/_'■__-_ CLAIRVOYANTS. •
_ zir: a
50 els and $I—oo cts and $I—so cts and $1.
j ' THE WONDERS OF THE CENTURY.
j PROFS. EUGENE AND VAN DE VERE,
1728 MARKET ST., I
• ' Have consolidated their Interests In order to bet-
ter handle their constantly increasing business.
The professors during their long residence in San
Francisco have met with .unprecedented success,
They could refer you to people all over the world for
testimonials as to their worth, but it is not neces-
J sary to search - the| extremities of the earth
1 when they can refer yon to thousands in your midst
who have been made prosperous and happy
through their wise advice: ask your prosperous
neighbor who started him aright. Investigate and
you will find that your business rival is one of their
many patrons.
••Nothing succeeds like success." and If you
would be successful call on them without delay : It
costs practically nothing: 60c and $1. 50 c and $1.
60c- and $1.. 60c and $1, 50c and $1 is their price
at present.no more than you would pay an un-
known clairvoyant or a partially developed
medium. . . .
Their readings astonish the most skeptical. • All
are satisfied. The professors give -advice on all
matters that arc of interest to humanity. Busi-
ness, speculation, investments, insurance, love,'
courtship, marriage and divorce; settle lovers'
quarrels and causes speedy and happy marriages.
'1 hey locate mines and burled treasures, find lost
or stolen property. Interpret dreams, cure bad
habits and destroy evil Influenced in half the
time required by the best- of the other mediums.
Remember, there are but few mediums in the
world that can work these wonders, and none out-
side of the eminent professors in San Francisco.
Remember the professors' communications come
direct from the Spirit World, hence their inabil-
ity to be mistaken in any matter. ■
Remember also that the professors are perma-
nently located in San Francisco: they are here to
stay; Hours 10 a. m. to 8 p. m. Sundays 2 to 6 p. m.
Letters containing stamps answer*- -.
PROFS. EUGENE & VAN DE VERE, ;
, 1728 Market at.
M^ ME. STEWERT,
SEVENTH DAUGHTER
OF TH . ,
. SEVENTH DAUGHTER.
Hundreds of visitors daily bespeak her popular-
ity and superiority as the most reliable exponent
of the occult science on this ccast. This marvel-
ous woman possesses the most wonderful rla'rvov-
ant powers, pronounced by our leading men to be
the strongest exemplification of the occult "science
on the Pacific const. - ...
She tells life from cradle to grave; reveals every
hidden mystery; gives advice on love, marriage
> and all affairs; she has no equal; before going on a
j journey or Into business call on the gifted lady;
I locaf mines and burled treasure: removes evil
influences: satisfaction guaranteed to nil. Ladies
and gents 50c. Offices 3 and 4, 917 Market st.
ADVICE and I ~ r ~~~. 7~~" ~
■ . assistance to all.
When you wlsa to consult a true disciple of
clairvoyancy see and prove for you rue If that
PROFESSOR M. L. CARNEI-LE I? the greatest
living exponent of the true science of clairvov-
ancy. You will find him a wonderful beini:. He
■ has mßrt,e thousands of families happy and sue-
I cessful by his aid and advice. The professor pos-
-1 sesses wonderful powers. He gives infallible and
I correct advice on all business matters, aids you
I in love, brings about happy marriage and success
jin life. He reveals to you jus: what you want to
know.- Others may have ■ failed you; Professor '
Carnelle never does, but -has always given the '
most complete satisfaction. All business strictly
confidential. Letters with stamp answered.
i Hours. 9 to 9 daily and Sunday. Parlors, 220
. Eddy st. . - . . •
j KnC AND $1. 60c AND $1. !
t)U • PROF. C. LEON. 1007- Market, near Sixth. 1
Wonderful power; advice on business, love, m ar- j
i riage, divorce, etc; tells' of friends and enemies; i
; letters with stamp answered; 9 to 8, also Sunday. |
INN IK ADAMS - TALENTED PALMIST
and life-reader. 43 Minna st: ' .*;■■'
SIX. LENEMAB — FORTUNES. TOLD BY
■ planets: predicted in '74 passengers of over-
I due steamer on island. 11 1 Taylor St., room 10
i corner Turk. . . , .......
ME.. PORTER, card- keadkr; TELL 3
past, present, future: ladles 50c. gents $1-
! palmistry, clalrvoyauu sittings $1 60. 126 Turk si.
MISS MELVINA, CLAIRVOYANT: PICTURE
of future husband or wife. 766 Howard st.
ME. LEUETTE: PRESENT, PAST AND FU-
ture, 26c 311 Tehama, upstairs, near Fourth.
MM K. STEWART; WKKATKSI' CARD BEAD-
erand clairvoyant lii world: seventh daughter:
read cards since 11 years of age: mining, lawsuits
man-lace: ladles or gents 50c. 917 Market, 3 and 4.
meT exodics. clairvoyant, re- i
moved to 1003 Mission m.. nr. Sixth ; fee 50c. I
pYPSY LIFE-READER; LADIKS, -25r;
VJ gents, 50c; readings daily except sun. ■ 5 7th. !
A UNT MARY; CLAIRVOYANi AND PALM- i
-TV Ist; consultations daily; 60c and $1. 1031 J
Market. - ■
MM K. MOREAU. BEST MEDIUM: REVEALS |
pasUpresent and future: 23c up. 764 Howard st.
ME. RAVENNA READS LIFE FLUENTLY:
tips 011 races: names given; 25c up. 6 Fourth.
ME. SYBILLE TICLLS FROM CRADLE TO
the grave: fee -.-S cents. ' 914 O'Farrell gt.
ETURNED, WORLD-RENOWN ED MME.
J-V SCHMIDT, from the principal cities; tells past.
present and future: prices moderate. 866 Mission.
MBS. li. BAUMAN. THE "RENOWNED ME-
dlum and card-reader. ,132 Turk St.
"\ J ME. ARKDT, BEST FORTUNE TELLER IN
J-'J- the world: 50c and $1, shows you (he picture of
your luture husband or wife. 4 Twelfth. cor.Market
"\j>lE. DR. i THOMAS. SCIENTIFIC REVEAL-
i-Ti er by eggs and cards; tells entire Ufa, pa3t,
present, future; consultations on all affairs; noth-
ing exceptpd, names given; good advice: sure
help: restores lost love by sympathy: mistake !m- '
■ possible lee .*! ; letter >2. 929 Post su. iir. Lai-kin. :
SPIRITUALISM.
YOUR PAST. PRESENT AND FUTURE ATA
X glance (ladles only); 25c. 2S) Clara, nr. Fifth.
\f RS. J. J. WHITNEY. CLAIHVOYANT"
iTI !r:i nee medium: sluing? $1. VIS Stockton su
' ■ ' " * , MEDICAL.
MR& G. wood, m II) W I IK, CURKS all til*.
j'i eases of the womb, paralysis rheumatism,
; dropsy, liver and kidney troubles, cancers and tv- i
mors; cure guaranteed. 230 Clara st., near Fifth. !
ALL CASES OF IRREGULARITIES RE- j
■£"!■ stored in a few hours: safe and sure relief \
guaranteed; travelers helped without delay: pri-
j vate home in confinement:, regular graduate
I physician: 30 years' successful practice; MEDI- '
] CAL, ELECTRICITY, used; ladies, consult the
j doctor before going elsewhere; 'you will sava time ,
1 and expense: consultation free ami confidential.
. MRS. DR. WYETH. 916 Post St., near Larkin. I
A BLESSING TO LADIES SUFFERING
from irregularities and diseases peculiar ' to
their sex: latest improved method of treatment: |
neTer tails: perfectly harmless; free from any bad j
i effects; never makes them sick to make them i
; well: travelers helped immediately : prices to suit I
I the times; home in confinement. DR. it MRS. j
j UAViEU, 14 McAllister st., next, Hlbernla Bank;
I consult free. French regulating pink pills, $2. .
1' ADIE»— CHICHESTER'S :ENULISH PEN- I
, XJ nyroyal Pills (Diamond Brand) are the best; ;
I safe, reliable; take no other; send 4c. stamps for j
■ particulars. '-Relief for Ladies," in letter by return !
I mall;, at druggists Cinciieaiei- Chemical Com- j
pany. Philadelphia Pa. .
ANEW PROCESS— NO MEDICINE, INSTRTJ-
ment or worthless pills used; every woman her
own physician for all. female troubles.no matter
from what cause ;■ restores always: in one day;
i helped at once: can be sent and used at home: all
I cases guaranteed. DR. POPPER, 318 Kearny st,
D" £& , GOODWIN MAKES A SPECIALTY ;
diseases of women and restores all j cases of Ir- :
regularity ln one day; cure or no churge: separate
, home tor patients: best skill: medical attend- :
I nee: low Ices; regulator. $2. , 1370 Market su
ADIES— DA~UDKT T o~FEMALIi; KEGULA-
-i ting plils;- strongest, safest, best: never fail;
$1 per box. WIDBER'S drugstore, 14 Ellis st.,
formerly cor. Market and Third st 3.. sole agents.
QUKECUKE FOR ALL PfcMALK DISPOSES,
0 from whatever cause; a home in confinement
with every ■ comfort; ' satisfaction guaranteed, by
MKti. DR. GWYKK, 226 TurkJ^ ' : -
MR!?. DR. WEGENER. PRIVATE home IN
confinement; . irregularities ■' cured "in a few ;
hours without operation; pills $2. 419 Eddy su ?
rP7RKEoTrLAR"6"R"ANY FEMALE DISEASE, I
I X don't tail to see MRS. DR. PUETZ, 254^ 4th. |
'■ TV ADIES — GEKMACIDE l CAPSULES . PRE- ]
I Xj vents, safe, sure: ' pills no longer required; j
' $1 60 per box. G. S. P. Co.. 1031 Market su. S. F. ,
j LADIES. CONSULT FREE MKS. DR. SCOTT, |
1 XJ 216 Powell st.; only qualified, specialist; $500 i
i for case I fall to cure; diseases of the eyes treated,
it, HALL. 14 MCALLISTER NEAR
*JonPß.i.i Diseases of women and children. v
A HOME. A FRIEND AND MOTHER'S CARE.
MRS. DX.FUNK'S. 1416 Eighth BU.Alamoda.
ALPtAU'S v FRENCH PILLS— A BOON TO
ladies troubled with 'irregularities; no danger;
safe and sure; $-j 50 express C. O. D. ; don't delay
until too late.,. USUUOD BROS.. Oakland. . Cat. v>,? :
(CHEAPEST AND BEST IN AMERICA— THB
i y WEEKLY . CALL, sent to any address In the
L nlted States or .Canada one year for $1 60, post-
[ axe free. ■ ■ •■•'.'■ r..- 1 ■ ,- -r^/Ty::,
BUSINESS CHANCES. _„_
TF YOU WANT To"'sklX~Oß?'bUY' A BUSI.
i- ness quick Bee T. LUBELSKrf 7 City. Hall aye-
SKI PyOn KISE NF.WSPAPEK ROUTE OF
*3>X%J\J\J. all the newspapers of San Francisco
and also news-stand tnd magazine depot paying
at present above all expenses $120 per month, in
! the finest northern town In the State. T. LUBEL-
j SKI, 7 City Hall aye. . -
I (&97C BARBER-SHOP, LAUNDRY OFFICE
I •IP^J I kJ. and cigar-store with 2 fine living-rooms
; aud yard: cheap . em, good locality and doing well:
i must, sell on account of HI health: full investiga-
tlon. T. LUBELSKI, 7 City Hall aye.
©"19^ -NICK.. RESTAURANT; GOOD LO-
*pi.-.U. cal It cheap rent; must sell at once: a
bargain. . T. LUBELSKI, 7 City Hall aye. • ,
■ <2J] 000 v ' ONE ' oF -' T H neatest
J. \j\j\j. new and second-hand businesses
In the city; elegant stock; cheap rent: fine local-
ity and rare bargain if taken soon: object of seli-
ing, sickness. T. LUBELSKI, 7 City Hall aye.
© 1 S\f\ NICE RESTAURANT IN FINE
XfJXJ. locality; cheap rent and doing a good
business: the only reason for selling must go East
on account of sickness In family; see this snap at
once. T. LUBELSKI, 7 City Hall aye.
<£9f\fl LAUNDRY ROUTE; HORSE, WAG-
! »D— '»J''. on and harness; route is paying from
I 910 to $15 a week; the fullest investigation given;
the wagon is new and worth nearly the amount
asked. T. LUBELSKI, 7 City Hall aye.
<fl*l /W|A PA RTN R LKG I ESS ;
0 J-V/l'vf . object of partner to enlarge business;
full Investigation. T. LUBELSKL 7 City Hall aye.
(Jji rAA HALF-INTERKST IN NEW PAT'-
«IpIU"JU. ent nlckel-in-slnt machine; superior
to all others: field to place hundreds: rare chance
for right party to devote bis entire time and make
big money; investigate this chance and see ma-
chine. T. LUBELSKI, 7 City Hall aye.
CjQfinfk FINE GROCERY BUSINESS; 2
tJpOUVJ>\/. horses and wagons; doing $75 per day
business; paying well; flue locality; only object
for selling going back to Europe; investigate this
line place. T. LUBELSKI, 7 City Hall aye.
STATE BIGHTS FOB SALE ON PATENT
sewing machine attachment; thousands In de-
mand: rare chance to make big money and resell
county rights; investigate and see patent T. LU-
BELISKI, 7 City Hall aye. . ...--.;.•
PARTNER WANTED— S2OOO WILL PUR-
X chase an interest in a business enterprise that
advertiser will guarantee and prove will clear from
$45,000 to $55,000 In the next 18 months: this Is
no fake, but a strictly legitimate business proposi-
tion, that we solicit the most rigid investigation;
best •of ■ city references exchanged ; don't answer
unless you have the money. . Address P. W., box
70, Call Office. .
<2tA£.(\ SALOON WITH 4 ROOMS; RENT
«3Pt:«J'J. $30; good business location; kept by
owner last if years; good chance for man and wife.
WILKE & WOLF. 531 California.
13BANCHBAKEBY AND DELICACY STORE;
J-> very cheap; bargain. HEG ARTY, 1004 Market.
BARGAIN, GROCERY AND BAH, CREAM
trade; rent 815; Al location; good reasons for
selling. LYNCH & GERRY, 935 Market st.
<BH OHO BHOESTOBE FOR SALE; A WELL
(JIIUUU. established trade, with c clean, good
stork: a fine opportunity for live shoe man: ill
health of owner the cause of gelling; parties mean-
ing business offered extra inducements. J. B.
MIH AN, 609 Kearny st.
©CCA CORNER GROCERY AND BAR
iJTUUv/. with living-rooms: full value in stock;
Western Addition; partners don't agree: bargain.
WILKE & WOLF, 531 California st. ■
TRONG MAN. WILLING TO WORK IN
k? placer mine, can secure a fifth Interest for
$250: only $125 now; mine rich: fire climate;
miner preferred. Address Miner, box 47, Call.
mo LEASE IN MAYFIELD, SANTA CLARA
x County, Occidental Hotel aid bar; rent $26.
I Apply C. DUCKEB or F. PRirCHARD, 12 Mar-
| ket st. , -
WANTED— PAYING GROCERY AND BAR;
»' reasonable; or suitable store with rooms: will
I wait if building: no agents. C. H., 1818 Polk st.
] ffijOAA DELICACY AND DAIRY STORE,
1 \J\J. with living-rooms: In Mission; lowrenu
j WILKIE & WOLF. 531 California st.
CHANCE OF A NO. 1 HORSESHOER TO ES-
\J tablish himself; little capital required. 1825
Powell su
I^ORSALE— A FIRST-CLASS PAYING SHOE-
' store in one of the best interior towns. Address
Business, box 13. Call Office.
ANTED— TO LEASE PAPER ROUTE
" that will pay from $16 to s2o a week. Address
C. M., box 19, this office. .
fflj€»**.A PARTNER IN WELL-ESTABLISH-
<g)«JOU. Ed business; rare chance. Box 5, Call.
OllO^n RESTAURANT doing LARGE
<fl> M.4i*J\J. business; good prices: near three
theaters; actual value $2000; family affairs reason
Of selling. WILKE & WOLF. 531 California st.
{•OA TO $100 INVESTED BY OUR METHOD
•4T^>" of Turf Speculation will yield you an Income
of $25 weekly; have never lost a dollar for a client,
Our book on ••Successful Turf Speculation"
mailed free. MORRIS & CO., 112 Dearborn St.,
Chicago. ■
I>lj MEN, WOMEN AND CHILDREN AF-
fected with hernia (rupture) may receive val-
uable In forma: ion free by sending name, age and
address to M, W., box 112, this office.
TIT ANTED— A LADY OF SOME MEANS AS j
'» partner in an honorable, legitimate and tucra- |
tlve business. Address *». M., box 88, Call office. i
GOOD CHANCE FOR WOODWORKER TO
enter business on small capital. Address G. 11.,
box 75, call office. .
"ttTOn CORNER BARROOM ON WAT>R
«IT I yjyJ. front; 1 block from Market St.; good
paying place; owner must leave for East. WILKE
& WOLF, 531 California st.
TL^OR SALE— HOUSE OF 30 FURNISHED
-T rooms with bar: everything complete; cause of
sale, leaving the city; no agents. Address L. H.,
box 32, Call office.
<& 1 lU\ BRANCH BAKERY AND CONFKC-
<pJ.UU. tionery, 3312 Mission St., opposite car-
house. •
I VINE PAYING SALOON AND LUNCH
1 X house in wholesale district; fixtures, large stock,
I etc.; will .sacrifice; make offer. 26% Kearny st.
at 1 r.nn SAMPLE-ROOM IN VERY choic-
•FlOVlf. est location: first-class trade; rent
$60: owner has to leave at once for Dakota. Call
WILKR A WOLF. 631 California st. .
VINE OPENING FOR A YOUNG MAN TO
1 s:urt in business: half interest in an old estab-
lished real estate and house brokerage business
Address C. P., box 85, Call Office.
ffijl inn COFFEE AND OYSTEK HOUSE;
(sIP-Lll/l/. near Baldwin. DECKER, 10.0 Mar-
ket st.
7 OOD COFFEE AND lunch PLACE FOR
VJ sale; cheap; long lease. C. H., box 29, Call.
AN AND wife want A business!
state particulars. Address A. P.. box 120, Call.
<3jl AHA CASH WILL BUY HALF INTER-
»jpII/UU est in profitable general merchandise
business: all cash trade: clearing over $300 per
month; stock will inventory over $3600; trial al-
lowed; experience not necessary; sober man only
need npply. Pox 255, Lodi. Cal.
pK.-STAUKANT: CHEAP: CASH TRADE;
Xt selling on account sickness. Inquire 1136 or
3281 Mission. »
<E?T£n A~SNAP: MUST BE SOLD; BRANCH
«i? XOK/. bakery, notions, candles; good trade;
fine location; good living-rooms. Apply 110 Sixth.
SNAP— A BUSINESS WORTH. $3000 CAN
be bought for $180J, on account of sickness.
I; quire. 11-' Third st.
T A ITU • JC.H \ N tW.-i STORE— BEST LOCA-
lion: rent *14, sales $250 monthly; old estab-
I lished: bargain: $700. S. N., box 105, this office.
OLD MINES OR INTERESTS IN GOOD
paying gold properties. Consult or address
CHAb. F. BLACKBURN, mining geologist, Inter-
national Hotel, City. •
(3«1 7?*. LADY DESIRES PARTNER IN
<PJ. • *'• money making business. Address L.,
box 24, this office. ' ' 1
BEAMING BUSINESS FOX SALE; 10 HORSES ]
1 and 5 lumber wagons with good trade: will be
sold cheap; part cash. McEWJSN BROS., 118 1
Montgomery st.
OR SALE —FIRST-CLASS DELICACIES,
butter, eggs and dairy produce store on one of
the principal business streets of the city: good 1
business and location unsurpassed: 2 living-rooms; |
horse and wagon; owner must sell at a sacrifice;
elegant place r'or man and w fe; , investigate this. :
Apply 2312 Fiiimore st.. near Clay. . . .
FOX DRUGSTORE, NEW ORLEANS
tirst-class trade: no cutting; average sales $11,
000. Write R. N. GIRLING. New Orleans. • ;
(Jfcf-- BRANCH BAKERY. AND VARIETY
ijpW. store, a bargain. .569 Folsom. nr. Fifth. I
"\ LBANY CASINO SALOON, 133 FOURTH I
-ix NE. cor. Everett st., for sale. ~
f ADY DESIRES GENTLEMAN PARTNER i
XJ with $25; paying proposition. Room 2, 12 i
Mason st. : - .....
MARTINEZ HOTEL TO RENT; TERMS i
reasonable; sb rooms; in ' good order. D J '
WEST, Martlnez,Cal. * '
*%! 500 WOR _ TH $2000; GOOD BLACK! i
<tg)X.a\J\J. smith business in a thriving town;
goo.l shop; 2 forges: work for 5 men during sura-
mer: cottage: stable; chicken-yard; half acre irood
land. Address B. 8.. box 9. Call office. .^
■pOR SALE - NEAR OAKLAND. HORSE,
J. wegon. harness, nine dozen chickens; also
growing crop and fruit of 15 acres; all for $250
cash. C. A. A. ; Call Office, Oakland. "♦*"*."
SMALL .neat shoeshop for SALE
kJ cheap. 20* Leaven worth st., near Turk.
rpiiE BEST-PAYING DAIRY AND DELI- i
X cades business: in good location: must bo sold ;
at sacrifice. ; Apply MRS. KUHN, 1406 Polk aU
'ARTNER WANTED ON. PL \CE OF 6 I
acres in full bearing orchard: stocked with hogs
and poultry; near Oakland; low rent. E. HILL,
34 Donohoe building. •■ . — •
ONE OF THE OLDEST ESTABLISHED RES-
laurauts In the city ; kept by present owner 17 i
years. R. E., box '.', Call Office. . I
A LOON ON ACCOUNT OF SICKNESS ; NO :
,O reasonable offer refused. : 639 Merchant st.
For SALE OR 'TRADE-SALOON on. city I
front; doing fine business; bargain. Room 88, |
Chronicle building. . I
yon SALE— BUSINESS' ESTABLISHED 25 '
-L years for sale: account 111 health. 316 Gram ava. '
p KOCERYVWITH & ■ LIVING BOOMS; CENr
V3\ trally located: rent $11 50. Inquire this office.
DAIRY, DOING (GOOD BUSINESS,- FOB
sale: make offer. JOSEPH. ,7O7 Market st. ,
GOOD CIGARETTE AND TOBACCO ROUTE
for sale, including 2 horses and fine cigar
wagon ; bargain for young man. 1400 Church st.
BUSINESS CHAN Continued .
TVTOTICE— PARTIES WISH ING TO BU V, SELL ,
-LN or exchange lodging-houses, or any oiher burn- '
ness, try JOHNSON <fc CO.. 2tsy Kearny st. ' '
L-«INE-PAYI:nG CIGAR-STORE ; MARKET
-T St.; value in sight: clearing *4 dally over ox-
peuses: make offer. JOHNSTON, 26 V 2 Kearny.
<n»Q en PARTNER; LIGHT MANUFACTUR-
j tJ)Ot)v/. ing business: full value in sight; good
reasons for selling; established trade. 26i,' 2 Kearny. '
/"I ROCKRY AND BAR: TRANSFER C O B N ;
VjT no agents. Apply this office. . »
I TTentleman INTENDING TO PURCHASE
U established cyciery wishes to secure the ser-
I vices of a party posted in : the business able to in
vest $500 cash for half interest. Address (.'y.-
clery, box 48, this office. . - *. °
'. Ij^Oß LKASE— SMALL ROUTE ON TH-IS~P A -
I ■X per. Apply 1116% Broadway. ;
i pOFFEE AND LUNCH COUNTER; VERY
i \J .cheap; owner is sick. Ca 1 308 Fourth at. •- .; '
"HEAP; A GOOD-PAYING SALOON; OWNER"
\J leaving city. Apply 624 Sacramento st. .i\
/CARRIAGE AND WAGON SHOP; GOOD
v.' business; 17 years in same block. ,. Apply this
olßce. -■■ . :■'.' . • - v' ■ ' '•
©irrA SALOON; KEPT BY PRESENT
•"7 L I O\J. owner 7 years: rent $60; mint, for
the right man. B. L.. box 49. Call Office. .. _•■
li'Oß SALE — GROCERY- AND BAR CHEAP.
i J Apply 721 Polk st. __^
BUSINESS CHANGES. .;
AVING BJ2SIGNEDTHE AGENCY OFTJ3K
Hambiirs-Auierican line 'on the Ist inst.. I
1 have this day sold my office at 401 California st:
All unfinished business .will be auemled toby my
successors, or at my office, 14, 2d floor, Mills |blde;
accon nts and bills due me axe payable to me only,
' and all amou nts owing by me will be paid on ore-'
sentation of claim. A.W. M VKR. S.F. April 2','.'H*.
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.. ."-
-<£»l CrtA OB LESS — 25-ROOM CORNER
10-room house, worth »1000: price #400
40 rooms; fine for trauscient t , <?()()
20 rooms on Fourth St., 0n1y..... goo
IHroomsou Taylor st ". 750
! 45 rooms on Market st 250J
H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market St., opposite Fifth.
1?OR SALE— LODGING-HOUSE: 40 ROOMS";
4701/2 Seventh st. and : 858 Washington st.
' Apply on premises, next to depot. •
30 ROOMS WELL FURNISHED, COR-
ner of Fourth and Howard (No. 145 "and
776) streets. inquire of the landlady. • • .
; tflf'^^n LdDGING-HOUSE • CLEARING " $38
*S)£jk)\J, a month; good furniture: on account
leaving city. Address D., box 36. Call Othce. X
OO ROOMS: WELL FURNISHED; GOOD lXh
I £iO cation: rhesp rent. Grocery.-40 Sixth st.
FUKNITUKE fok salk.
XnJR^OTUKE^OF^ 3" rooms foH^sXTjS
J? cheap: parties going East. Address C. B. box
74, this office. . '"-'.'■
"Furniture } of *-room flat- a bar
-T gain. 34b Silver st. . : '.-..
FURNITURE FOR SALE— 4-ROOM FLAT;
T complete housekeeping; very cheap-; no dealers.'
348 Silver st. . .. . ' » ■.•.-■•..■
"L"il RE SALE : ! ' " ". ..'. , •
i X Prices stand till Roods are completely/dis-
posed of. ■„••••'
■ Oak bed sets ;; »-.^.."«lH.',:Ji:
I Bed lounges ';,... •.. 8 00'
1 Stoves .%....»..•.". '.-7 5U[
j Carpets, per yard •....'" .'"55.'
I Linoleum, per yard !.*.".-.. ' : • s'y
j Matting, peryard ..........-..:.' -. .10
Till our new building Is erected these prices will'
stana. Till such time we are conducting ■business-:
in SE. corner ' Seventh and - Mission sts.'- -~J.
I NOONAN. ' ••-.--•;• .•"" •'
G. KRASKY. FURNITURE AND BK-D-
-• ding; new fold Ing- 3,' 99 and up: step-tad-.'
I ders, 20c per step: furniture exchged. 773 Mission. .
A(\(\ CARPETS; chamber BETS, .$14;:
ttU\J stoves. $5: parlor sets, $20:' foldtng-JbeUs. ■
$10; bed-lounges, $7. T. D. MCCARTHY 11».4thy '
A ROOMS FURNITURE, NEW ...,-.. ...S7S
j- ±tedlounges trimmed with plush v $5 59.'
Brussels Carpet, laid ./ 45c up'
English Linoleum, laid '....1. ...... 40o up .
Window shades In 6 colors ..:.*. .-250 up "
SHIREK & SJiIRKK. 747 Market .su,- opposite
Grant avenue: no branch stores. '■•••. •'..*•*
FURNITURE WANTED. ,-. ' .
WfANTED i — SECOND^H ANE •'" FUrtNITUdRE
i »' for country: pay good price. 7 City Hall aye.
IF YOU WANT GOOD PRICES FOR FURNI*'
ture and merchandise see KURD, 211 Larkin.
KFOBE SELLING YOUR FURNITURE
send for Simmons Auction Co., 1057 Market.
BASCH. 321. BUTTER, WANTS FURNI-.
• ture, saloons and merchandise; highest price.
MAYER BUYS YOUR FURNITURE,'
• carpets, piano. 1135 Market; teL Jessie 781. '
ALL ON J. C. MUTHER, 521 KEARNY,~IF
you want highest cash price for your furniture, .
' carpets, pianos, or merchandise of any kind. '• ■'
M ALONE PAYS 20 . PER CENT MOBE
than elsewhere for furniture to fill country'
I orders. . Leave orders at KING'S. 3 Fourth mt. t '■ ■ '
CARPET CLEANING. , ' '.
7 :^ART&fs^LE" J I^EDr3c~A~Y^SDTTAID^3a'
\J Tel. Jessie 944. . STRATTON, 19 Eighth ■*£ ■■
1 WHEN YOU BECOME DISGUSTED WITH
; « » poor work send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Car- :
; pet Beating Works, 353-5*7 Tehama sU; tel. 50.40." '
j pONKLIN'S CARPET EEATING WORKS. 333. .
I \J Golden Gate aye.; telephone east 126. ' -
ONES CO. CARPET - CLEANING AND.
renovating works. Main office 35 and 27 Hih.
/"1 REAT EASTERN STEAM CARPET CLEAN--
VT ing Works. Tel. So. 676; 14 Bth st. B. Oba'xt..'
CITY STEAM CARPET CLEA NING.RENOVA- .
ting, 38 Bth. STEVENS, mgr. TeL South 250.
I p REAT WESTERN STEAM CARPET-BE AT 7
' vJ" Ing works; latest Improved machinery; 3c yard. '
I O. GEORGE.office 11 Eighth St.; phone Jessie 253.'
pARPKTS CLEANED AND RENOVATED
yj like new. FERGUSON & CO M 23 Tenth;. teL i
South 36. D. MACKINTOSH <fc CO., successors. '
E. MITCHELL CARPET CLEAN ING CO., ;!48 •
.14th st. ; cleaning 3c a yard. Tel. Mission. 74.
MCQUEEN'S CARPET BEATING AND REN-
. orating works. 453 Stevenson: t«l. south 223.
HORSES. .. '
o^d^or^eT^uttablle^fo^^eddler^
cheap. 1110 Bryant. .
JA HORSES FOR SALE; ALSO WAGONS,
*i" buggies, carts, harness; Grand Arcade Horse
Market, 327 Sixth sU; auction sales every Wednes-
day. SULLIVAN & DOYLE, Auctioneers.
Till I SETS SECOND-HAND HARNESS; ALL.
I "" ' kinds; second-band wagons, buggy, carts;
also 20 cheaD horses. Fifteenth and Valencia sts. .
HORSES PASTURED"; SEND FOR CIRCU- '
lar. The Hyde Ranch, 630 Commercial su. • •
I TF YOU WANT TO BUY, ' SELL OR -EX-
I J. change horses, buggies, wagons or harness you
will find it to your advantage to call at Derby Sale '
Stable, cor. Geary and Leavenworth sts. ; auction •
sales every Tuesday at 11 o'clock. C. R. MARTIN, .
proprietor. S. WATKINS, auctioneer. '-• *
1 C (\ SETS NEW AND SECOND-HAND HAK-
-IO\J ness: all kinds; wagons, buggies, horses ana '
scrapers- sand-wagons. 1128 Mission st.
T\R. C. H. W ESTPH AL, VETERINARY SUB-
U geon for 8. F. Police Department, Office and
hospital. 121 City Hall aye.: telephone* south 401.
WAGONS AND CARRIAGES. ." '{•'
F~OR SALE— FINE^TOP^ROCKAA^Y AM
bargain. Apply New York Stables, 507 Jessie •
St.; above Sixth. -"■'-■■, * •• "
Tj^INE TRAP; 11 LOW PHAETONS: 3 OPEN •
T surreys; 3 canopy-top surreys: 2 extension top '
rocknways; 2 dogcarts; 1 carryfour. Fifteenth
and Valencia sts. ■ - - - '■ ' ' " ■'
FOR SALE MISCELLANEOUS. : ..= .
TMPROVED HIGH- ARM SINGER: OAK AT-
X tachments; $16. ' 2437 Mission st., near Twen-
ty-tirst. . , . __,
TO BE REMOVED, A WELL-BU.ILT HOUSE; !
2225 California st. Inquire W. B. HUFF, 24OB
California st. •,...■» ■■ - ■■ ■ «.- ._
I TIiORsEPOWER GAS OR GASOLINE BN-
-1 T. glne; nearly new. DR. C. E. FARNUM, 661
I Market st. : ' . - ' . •*•« .o c
ETALUMA INCUBATOR AND BROODER.
1& Whitney St., off 3Oth, near Sanchez. - -.?
I 4 BOUT 100 GOOD"l>^Y r BOARDS, MOSTLY ,
] -A- planed, 8 to 11 feet long and 8 and 12 inches a
wide, l-Vbcm-r foot: seil any. quantity: maps ;3aii
Francisco 1849-1594 1 »c. JON 88, 647 Mission. St. o
1 I~r<BE.SII FAMILY DURHAM COW; MILKS..3O
I -T quarts rick milk. 1313 Folsom st. " ♦- , n
! GOOD SCREW-CUTTING LATHE FOB SALE;
'VI bargain: 2 lie tandems; almost new; great o
bargains. 326 McAUlstersU -■■.-. .-? - . ■
I?RESH MILCH COW FOR SALE. APPLY
X 213 Vicksburg st^ ■ bet. Twenty-third and 
Twenty-fourth, ■ .-- • • ■• • ___^___
OR SALE-ONE BICYCLE," TWO TRUNKS
and stove; cheap. .605 Third st.
IGH GRADE '95 BICYCLES; SO .TO $60.
Hamilton Cyciery, Baker and Hayes st. »
i (nn7f\(\ KN ABE piano will BE j SOLD
' «m 4UU for $195. Apply immediately, UNCLE
j HARRIS, 16 Grant aye. <*
OLTB, RKMINGTON, PARKER ANO 2 FIN H .
bammerless shoteuns for one-third their value
nt UN' LX HARRIS. IS Gran', aye. » .
T7UKK-PHOOF . SAFE WITH BURGLAR
J? chest: cheap.. D. N. HAW LEY,' 318 Market.
L>OILERS,ENGINE.S,2D-HANDMACHINER,Y, '
Jj.waterpipes- Mclntosh & Wolpman, 137 Beale.
BABY CARRIAGES AND. RATTAN FURNl-
ture bought at the factory saves retailer's pro-
: lit. California Rattan Co., 61 First St., nr. Mission
i |>UILDINGS BOUGHT; LUMBER, SASHES
1) doors, mantels, etc.. for sale. 1166 Mission. I*.1 *.
NE, SMALL MEDIUM AND .LARGE SIZB
fire and bursar proof safe.. 109. 111 Market St.
I7HRE, AND BURGLAR safe. LETTBR-
X press, platform scales and dcsk:cheap. 102 Clay.
•JvTEW RANGES CHEAPER THAN. SECOND*
X\ hand. W. 8. RAY Mfg Co.. 12 California st. ■
CIOUNT.BKS, SHELVING, - SHOWCASES
J boDcbt and «old 1121 Vi Market beu 7th andJjca
A A' Eb;K ; S NEWS FOB 3 CENTS— TUB
! -■joL WEEKLY CALL. In wrapper, for mailing. .-:•;CITY- REAL ESTATE.
■/.' p• H. UMBsEN A CO. / "~~ ! ."'■~ UI ~'" :
v* ::.'•; •• REAL ESTATE AGE|NTS.
':':!■• : - . ' 14 Montgomery St., near Market.
i IMPROVED PROPERTIES JTJS.T RECEIVED.' ■
/I GREENWICH.ST., ; NEAR MASOBT. ..'..-.
" < S^4'SAA 2 FLATS' OF 4 AND 6 ROOMB
.. is)'±O\JV. each; bay-windows, brick founda- !
. tlons, etc. ; rent $36 per month. ]
; CHEAP HOME ON GREENWICH ST
' AAO a - S ORY HOUSE OF 7 ROOMS IN
•■ Of>UUU. good order; through, to small street
.. lv the rear. " ■ * '
■[ BUSH-ST. RESIDENCE; CENTRAL LOCA-
•'•" •"■• " •' . * TION.
$8000 HOUSE OF 1 ROOMS
;<iS>Kjyjyj\J. and bath;-27:6x100.
. CLAY-STREET P.RoipERTY. '
"•■•■^T-^nn ■•H. BAY -Window houses on
" *** I \i I clßy Btreet : choice location: 8 rooms
and bath; bay-windows: brick foundation; rent
. $63 per morini; 37:6 feet frontage; must be sold; I
..make an offer. . .
PACIFIC .HEIGHTS COTTAGE. * ;
C^fSftGO NICS COTTAGE OF 6 ROOMS
cklon.' . and. bath/; lot ' 30x112:6; choicest lo-
cation. • . :
PIEHCE-STREET PROPERTY
S'|'¥|ft a TENEMENTS ON PIERCE ST.,
.HJW/. near. Eddy; 25x90; must be sold;
make an offer. .
PAGE-STREET FLATS; ''■ '■.• V '. ; v
$7000 8 * IC " E FLATS OF. 5, 6 AND 6
iS ■ V * ro °niB and bath each; bay-windows;
_ brick foundation; $65 per .month. '
ECOTT-STREET INVESTMENT.
AAA 2 -TWO-STORY houses OF . 7
• •52 •Wv« rooms and bath; choice location;
.- brick foundation, etc.; renting low at $600 per an-
.' Sum..'. .'.-..■ : '-.-.' : •
-•' TENEMENTS -.NR; 6TH AND HARRISON.
." .^RPinn SUBSTANTIAL IMPROVEMENTS;
. tIPUOVJU. street work all done; rent $70 per
month. •_.."•■ -. ..• '.
;■ • CORNER RESIDENCE IN THE WARM BELT
. . •-■'' -• •■•■ ' .OF THE MISSION.- ■ -
• C iAA CONTAINS 9 ROOMS.AND BATH;
•'. «.■• .OV/VJ. brick 'foundation; fine 'view; bay-
.• window;. 60x95; this. is an excellent bargain.
.'".BUSINESS CORNER. ' •. " '
■" • <fe AH NICK CORNER IN THE MISSION;
° «v ooyj-yj. 35x75, with Improvements: renting
.- low at $300 per month-, building can be converted
• Into store, and . Is admirably located for a grocery,
■ ■ butcher-shop, bakery, etc
"iiURK-STREET INVESTMENT.. :. -\ : ''i
<2»Q^ AAA CORNER. ON TURK ST.; 50-
-. *}P<JtJ. \J\J\J. vara.. and Improvements- rent
$167 50 net; • , . . •' ...
.-• KiN : coN.iiifi.L."" " '.""" ' ;;•
•■'■■-QQJ.9"n, CHOICE INVESTMENT OF 3 1
• *3 0140. flats of 3 rooms each; renting low <
• ;■-. at $30 per mont ; 25x70.; • . ." I
'• : RICHMOND LOT. '" • •
'•'.§. 9^o^l2xioof v ___ NEAR LAKE BT - :
• . ji'AT OM A-ST . FLATS. - • '
■ I^AO ' NATOMA ST., NEAR 11TH; 2
• J^-V " flats of 5 ana 4 rooms and bath each- I
-.. lav-window*: brick foundation; atone walk's-
■•' ftreet>ccepted; rent $38 per month; mortgage of
.- . ■ $ JooO;can'remaln.'. ....
■•. .WALLER- ST.. NEAR FILLMORE
.;■ TOT 52x87:6; BARGAIN, :.
;• -Xj- •'.; ;.-• .;.■•..., -\ .; • . -
-.'. OWNER GOING. EAST. . • . . '
: ij9(^|| .BARGAIN: .2 BAY-WINDOW
: • ' 0 — ■' ' • ; flats of 6 and 4 rooms and hath each ■
... rent $23 ; 25x11:4 ; part . cash; sunny line of Cll>
■ .. per at. ' • .... -.'• ■ . = .•.-.- • . • .- • I
'. -■ SACRAMENTO-ST. Ldi. ' ' • '
' • • <St V DEVISADERO ST.; 26x132;
'• ■ «JP.V?WU-U.. street work all aone; cable-can pass j
> QIJUU. street work all done; cable-cars pass
. the property. ..-/-. •'___. ■ • r— » j
••■;misslon LOTS. •. " ~~~
. .m\venty-first. St., NEAR SANCHEZ; 3
. , 1 lots 25x114 each ; $860 per lot. - '
' INVESTMENT ON NATOMA STREET
: .©o9^o RE>"TS6Q PER MONTH; 3 SUB- !
. -.-• tg!oA*jyj. Bt»n.tlal 2 -story houses; lot 60x75.
■ PARK LOT. ' -•"•■■ ' • . •• ~ •.-■•"
• $$'2750 PAGE ST.; 25x100: CHEAP.
BARGAIN ON FILLSIORESTREET.
<£ff\Ann : 2-STORY . HOUSE AND 2 OOT- i
■ *?, UUU * tageg; rent $44 60 per month; 48 I
Xbl:6. '-.. •-. ./; * - - • .
' '.SAN JOSE-AYE. FLATS. ■ !.'.';'■'•-'
#4500 : 8 Ti* ATS OI "B. 5 AND 6 rooms I
.. TOUU. and bath each; bay-windows; brick
• foundation ; stone walks; rent $45 per month.
•' . .Call and obtain one of our -Heal Estate Records."
•• i . which . contains a list of properties for sale in all
■ i arts of the city./ . :". i
-' . • .. •.O. H. UMBSEjn:& CO.. 14 Montgomery st.
O'FARHELL A COy, ' '■ ; ' ~
REAL ESTATE HOUSE BROK-
. ■.- ERS AND AUCTIONEERS, '
• • . . ; -'.11 MONTGOMERY STREET.
' fKfi^ifin FOCR NEARLY NEW FLATS ON
. CUtivu. Fiilmore st. through to small street- '
.two fronts; rents $80; a fine investment.
' BRODERICK-ST. FLATS; 6 AND
• . <3>tt^vUi4 room* ami bath: rents -$35 per
month; always occupied. ;•:.-,.■.■'--■
••^lo^o ALABAMA' ST., NEAR. 25TH:
*H)±yJuyji level lot ready for building; short
•■ walk from cable cars. 1
' iR^AA MAKE AN OFFER: BRODERICK I
• .^pUO\J\J. su, near Hayes: two flats of 5 and 4 j
rooms and bath; lot 25x112:6; street accepted.
A.BARGAIN; CORNER IN PARK i
• *®f±O\J\J.. pan&andie; 31:5x100: this is tbe !
. cheapest lot in the Western Addition; an ideal site
for an elegant residence.
...
" ' <»>7AAA THREE FLATS A SHORT DIS- !
•gj I \jyj\J. tance from Golden Gate Park, new
rented $65 60 per .month; fine view and sunny! j
' Ql 1 AAA SCOTT ST., -NEAR HEIGHT; I
• C?ll. UUU.. 3 flats of 6, 6 and 5 rooms and
• t>ath; street accepted;' rents for $77 60 per month ■
• ••hi ways- rented. ; .-. : . '
.CQOKnj ' corrAtJE k)N second aye
, »3O_«JU«- COTTAGE ON SECOND AYE • j
<O^O\J. near California; 5 rooms and bath : '
• cheap at $4000. . * '
• -^f>9^6 WASHINGTON ST., NEAR
■ •_ U-UU. Scott; Trooms and bath; 27:6 feet
front. ■' . '• • .
•' #3000 *ATOMA ST.,. NEAR 7TH; 2- !
. . .«£ Kjyjyjyj. story house of 7 rooms; lot 25x75. I
•• &4000 ■ , ID . I E - » ST NEAR 14TH; A
. . *£>rxyJ\J\J . short walk from -Market at.; cot-
. : tage of 6 rooms and bath ; a big bargain.
-. : ; -' •": ' 6'FAKRELL A CO., 1 1 Montgomery st.
• ..pENTER A SPADER, "
■'\-:\>.-y • REAL ESTATE AGENTS,
'..-..■ ", .':••' 30 Montgomery at.'
.. : /^.HOICE RESIDENCE LOT ON OCTAVIA ST..
: :\J nearSacramenw; 75x137:6: as a whole or In
, t . subdivisions. •■■■•• ■•_
' S^R^OO 2-STGRY BAY-WINDOW RESl-
*pyjOyj\J. dence on O'Farrell at., near Stelner:
■■• .8 " rooms; bath and basement; $5000 mor tease
•; : can remain. • . . .
':: sft 5000 AXE OFFER FOR COTTAGE OF
' -Jri; yU ' 6 room * and bath on Post st., near
' r> v ro . : P«rtcasb; balance on mortgage; lot
■ MUST BK SOLD IMMEDIATELY;
• store and tiat'bf 6 rooms and bath on
- biftter St., near Sc6tt; $2500 cash, balance on time •
.. sake offer. . . • '
' Qfi^firt" NE W BAY-WINDOW FLATS ON
-.- ftQOVV, Fell at., near- Flllmore, containing 6
.: and 7 rooms and batba; all latest modern Improve-
ments; Income $660 .per annum; lot 25x100. 1
OlQTPwrt SNAP: 4 FLATS ON 25TH ST
; <Z)*JtO\J. near Church; income $40 per month'
•' $2300 can remain on mortgage; lot 60x114. '
3 000 HOTKL CONTAINING FORTY
. - «Jp lO.U>IU. rooms; Howard at., near Ist; rent-
ing for $l 16 per month underlease; tenant nan
f- water and repairs; lot 25x85. ««»« pays
>" QQ^On ITEHAIIA ST.. NR.IBT^2 HOUSES
V i£)OO\J\J. or 7 and rooms, renting for MO ncr
.. month; lot 25x85. ♦*« per
• e»"I 9AA CHOICE BUILDINO LOT; COR-
U/i._uv/. ner on a3d at., near Church; 27x90.
V- 1 AA EACH—BARGAIN LOTS ON UTAH
- . (pluU at., near 19th; $25 cash; balance on
V: I me: "..'sxloo each. ' •
• <5i 90 0 EACH— BARGAIN LOTS; 25x100
• »3— UU each; on Nebraska st.: $76 cash; balance
■ • on time; we nave only "8 of tbe above lota left: get
• one before they are all' gone.
' ■ .- •' . CENTER _ SPADER, 30 Montgomery st,
'. McAtEE BROTHERS, . ■
 <MX ' , REAL ESTATE BROKERS
; ; ; " •. ANDFINANCIAL AGENTS,
- ' ••'.•. 108 MONTGOMERY ST.
• 059^00 SOUTH.; BRODERICK ST.; LOT
*^T v"• 25x 100, with neat 4-room cottage; a
good, cheap home on easy terms.
$5000 BRrj *)ERICK ST., NR. WASHING-
c^,h Y,W,I tO , <JOlt: and basement; 6 rooms,
o?-^;. !£»• ,Ti i" l d ' P"Pered and put in first-class
aotdVlo^Sx^ft L blenom e In- choice nelghbor-
s67so °«£ S I : XR " FIERCE: A PRETTY
dltlon aid all rnn°v^ oine of 9 room »: brtck foun-
dation ana au convemencea: ace this property.
$9000. co*Vr~ lER CEXT l-ER MONTH:
nTi»rtmpni«- ~£Jt *£ BU> nr - Kearny; atore and
fine investment. ■ <=""""»• rems weu, a
$27 000. den^°wuh DESrBABI ' RESt "
change for bnSSew [orvaSmt roper"l ""^ "*
, McAFEE Mont r SRB>
I *^ 8 Montgomery st.
Cj*9fjnn KliW •6-room; and BATH COT.
. ©_DUU. tage on 3d aye., near Clement- also
house on 4th aye., near Lake si.; very chean-' off
I 2£o »T* Msr - terfn "' B ' J * T - Y *£r. C Bll§-PoTS
— v CITY REAL ESTATE. •
ADIBON A - BURKE, REAL ESTATE
Agents; established 1858: 626 Market st.
ftl R 12 0*10S, ' WITH IMPROVE-
JPIU.iJUU. menu; SE. corner Bush and
Broderick. .
©19 AAA MAGNIFICENT BUSINESS
vPi-^a.yjyjyj. corner on Fillmore st., 29:6x100,
entirely covered with, substantial improvements;
large store; first-class location for grocery.
19 Oof! PACIFIC, NEAR FILLMORE;
jPIi.UUU. modern flats; rents $100; 10t26x
VAN NESS AVENUE, CLOSE TO MARKET
street; an elegant business corner; paying a
large income. " •- ;
%310.fi 80x72; CORNER POLK AND LOM-
«_>OJUU. bard; reduced from $5000. MADI-
SON & BURKE.
ft'^AAA 2 FLATS; SANCHEZ, NR.24TH;
WOyJyJyJ. lot 25x101. MADISON & BURKE
PARK RESIDENCE; FELL ST., NR. LOTT ;
9 rooms and bath; all modern conveniences;
25x137:6: only $7250. MADISON A BURKE.
QAf\fifi WASHINGTON, NEAR DEVlSA-
fipyjoyjyi. dero— 7 rooms and bath: conserva-
tory; lot 25x127:8. MADISON A BURKE.
Cfil A AAA STORES AND ROOMS: WELL
i.yj .yjyjyj . rented; Pacific, near bansome:
30*68:9.
Pvfifi EVERETT, BET. 3D AND 4TH;
(JpttOUU. 4 nice flats; rents $56; lot 37:6x80.
ft f\d ftfi BAKER, NEAR SUTTER; 2
iJpOUUU. flats; rents $38; lot 25x72:6.
<3i£fififi PAGE, NEAR BRODERIOK: RESl-
tjyjyjyjyj. dence of 7 rooms and bath: lot 25x
87:6. MADISON & BURKE.
ffiKflAft 4 FLATS: STEVENSON ST., NEAR
«H)OUUU. Ridley; rents $44; lot 26x77
street accepted. MADISON A BURKE.
"VTEW COTTAGE; NOE ST., NEAR 25TH; 6
-l-> rooms; bath; basement; modern in every re-
spect; $1000. balance $20 Installments; no inter-
est; lot 25x85. I . . • •
ft 7 Afl A RUBS, NEAR FOLSOM; 2 HOUSES,
<JP I UUU. 60x100: well rented for $68 per
month ; part of lot still vacant.
Q1 ftfifi HILL, NEAR CHURCH; NICE
«iPJ-pUU. home; 25x114; cottage, 4 rooms,
ft9P\An LARGE INCOME; SHIPLEY, NR.
«Ip_OUU. 6th; 2 flats; lot 25x75.
UNIMPROVED PROPERTY.
$16.000— and 19th; corner: 125x122:6.
190; Waller, near Scott; 2 frontages: will sell
in subdivisions.
$4500— 24th, NE. cor. Vlcksburg; 50x114.
»400O— :6: SE. cor. Sanchez and 23d.
$2700— Broderick. near Busti; E. side: 30x103,
wit4i tank and stable.
$3500— Stelner, near Pine: 25x103.
$3500- Baker, near Jackson; 27:8x110.
$2700— Broderick. near Bush: 30x103.
.. $24(H>— Castro, cor. Elizabeth: 26:6x105.
$2*2oo— Lyon. near Grove; 25x100.
$2050— Ridley, near Scott; 25x117:6.
$2000 each— 2 lota on Bush, near Broderick ; re-
duced from $3000.
$1800— Noe. near 18th: 25x110.
$2100— Mission st. .opposite Cortland ay.; 26x84.
$1350 — nr. Hermann: 25x77:6; part cash.
$1300-19lh, near Sanchez: 25x114.
$1000— Hancock, near Sanchez: 26x114.
MADISON A BURKE. 626 Market st.
A. H. Lissak. O. F. Yon Khun.
OF. YON RHEIN A CO., REAL ESTATE
• Agents, Auctioneers and House Brokers, 613
California street.
$10,000— Larkin. near California: 40:6x87:6; 3
story bay-window house, containing basement
stores and flats, with rear houses; rents $139.
$15,0C0-McAllister, near Buchanan; 53:9 x
137:6: 2 flats, store and coal yard; rents $105.
2,ooo— Page, near Gough, to Rose aye.; 27:6 x
120: 2 flats in front and 2 In rear: rents $76.
$5000— Leavenworth and Lombard; 40x97:6;
new bay-window cottage, 8 rooms and bath ; cash
$1000: balance at purchaser's convenience.
$10,500— Francisco.near Stockton: 45 :10x137:6;
4 houses and 2 rear houses; 24 rooms: rents $82.
$11,000— Page, near Octavia; 27x120 to Lily
aye.; 2-story flats; 15 rooms and 2 baths: rents
$60.
$10,000— Pine and Pierce; 24:6x87:6; fine resi-
dence, 12 rooms and bath.
$9000— 1st, near Harrison; 68:9x137:6; resi-
dence in front: 3 cottages in rear: rents $72.
$8000— Howard, near 23d; 62:4x122:0; 2-story
residence, 8 rooms and bath.
?booo— Folsom, near 16th; 60x101; 3-story
house; 20 rooms; rents $55.
$4000— Antonio, near Jones; rear to above lot;
22x68:9: 2 flats: 10 rooms'; rents $30.
$7000— Jessie, near 4th: 26x70; 2-story house,
saloon, etc.
$7000— Chestnut, near Dupont; 40x122:6 to
Pfi iffer; double 2-story house on each frontage;
rents *61; will sell either frontage.
$7200— Lacuna, near California; 30x110; cot-
tage, 7 rooms and bath.
$7000— Oak. near Laguna: 27:6x120 to rear
street: 2-etory house, 7 rooms and bath; rents
$32 50.
$6500— Mason, near Post ; 18x55; 2-story house:
7 rooms and bath: rents $31 50.
Mission, mar 24th; 21:6x117:6 to an
alley: store and flat above.
*600U— Va.Jejo, mar Sansome; 36x67:6; 4-story
tenements; rent! $57. ' '". , • ~• •
*560O— Powell, near Fella place ; 22x65; 2-story
house: 18 rooms.
$5200— near Leavenworth: 43:9x137:6:
two iront and one rear house; 16 rooms ana oath;
rents $16.
$46W)-Broderick and Clay; 27:6x100; 2-story
house; 6 rooms and bath.
$4200— Guerrero, near 21st; 28x92:6; cottage, 5
rooms and bath.
Bartlelt, near 26th; 25x75; 2-story
house, 7 rooms and bath.
$3800— Vail ejo, nearKearny; 20x60 through to
Hinckley alley; 2 flats on Vallejo st., 3 flats on
Hinckley alley: total rent $44.
■$3&OQ-Gough and Lombard; 68x84; private
residence.
$3350— Vallejo and San Antonio, near Kearny;
19:6x57:6: 3-story flats: rents $25.
$3300— Larkin. bet. Filbert and Greenwich; 2-
story house: 7 rooms and bath; rent $-7 50; easy
terms: 2a:8x99.
Cottage— Larkin. near Chestnut; unobstructed
marine view; $1200 casn, balance same as rent:
27:6x110.
*3Ooo— near Hyde; 20x73; 2 flats; rents
$28.
$2600— Le Roy place, near Sacramento St.; 22:4
x.'>B:9: 2-story bouse, 2 flats, 10 rooms; rents $20.
Fairmount Tract; Arlington, near Mi-
guel: 28x108; $250 cash, balance to suit pur-
chaser; cottage, 4 rooms.
— Moulton, near Montgomery and Green;
2'J:6x62:6: 2-story house; 2 flats; rents $18.
400 — Telegraph place, near Kearny; 17:2x46;
2-story brick bulldli g; 7 rooms: rent $16.
$1350— Lincoln, near Jones; 22x70: cottage, 6
rooms. . .
Greenwich, near Montgomery: 43:2 x
76; one 2-story and 2 cottages.'
UNIMPROVED.
$7500— McAllister, near Flllmore; 40x137:6.
Valencia, near 25th-st. railroad station; 61 x
117:6 to an alley.
Dolores, from 27th to Army: 3 lots on 27th and
6 lots on Dolores.
$1U75-23dand Kansas: 25x100.
$3200— Dolores, near 29th: 60x75.
$2250— Clay, near Baker: 26x105.
$2000— Florida and 23d: 25x104.
$1900— 25 th, near Noe; 60x114; will subdivide.
$1600— Stanyan, near Grattan; 26x80, increas-
ing to 110 depth.
$1200— Cor. B and 25tn aye.: 60x188.
$1000— Homestead, near 25th; 60x260 through
to Ellen.
$1000— Edith or Church place, near Dupont St.;
20x65 to rear street.
1 900— Hancock, bet. Sanchez and Noe: 26x114.
$800— Park Lane Tract; 2 lots, block B, Serpen-
tine road.
$500— Excelsior Homestead; London, near Rus-
sia: 60x100: will subdivide.
REAL ESTATE FOR SALE BY
C. H. REYNOLDS & CO.,
323 MONTGOMERY ST.
RICHMOND DISTRICT BAROAIN&
Point Lobos, Cliff House and 41st aye. ; choice
lots on electric-car Hue; grand view.
Point Lobos, Cliff House, 42d and 43d ayes.; fine
gore lot; 650 feet main frontages and unsurpassed
view: bircain. -. • : : . 
$5000— D St.: business corner: nr. cars and ocean.
20x120 lots, near electric-cars; from Ist to 43d
ayes. ; ready for improving. . - .
Bernal Heights: Gift Map lots, near Cortland
aye.: school and cars; on Wayne st. ; bargain.
Siegel st. and Powhattan aye.; choice, cheap
Bernal Heights building lota.
San Bruno road and Crescent aye.; choice Ber-
nal Heights lots; cheap.
ftoxnn kueron st., nr. market AND
♦IP^«JV/U. 15th; good house and stable for 6or
8 head of horses: l»rge lot.
$650— Cheapest lot of its kind south of park- lot
graded and street work done; lot 25x120. J. W.
WRIGHT A CO., 628 Market st.
0* A £>AA ' WASHINGTON . AND SPRUCE
<Jpj:Oyjyj. sts.: fine corner: 37:6x100; elegant
view and a bargain.
$2000— Washington at.; adjoining above corner :
26x10U: very cheap.
$1800— Spruce st., near Washington; 25x112-6-
-offered at a sacrifice for quick sale. .
$3000— Ist-ave. boulevard, cor. Clay st. ; large
lot, 28:4x102; tine corner and at greatly reduced
price. -
$3750— Golden Gate aye., nr. lst-ave. boulevard-
large lot. 50x137:6, with cottage 6 rooms and bath
and unfinished basement; make offer. .ROBERT
J. MERCER A SON, 410 Pine st.
OT3. •-,-■-' ~ LOTS. — ~ LOTS.
$2250— Castro ahd Jersey sts.; 30x70.
$850— Mission st., near Brazil; 25x83:6.
$800— 30 th st., near Sanchez; 35x126.
• 25:h, near Dolores: 60x114.
$300— Bosworth, near Mission road: 25x60.
f 300— Laidley, near Roanoke; 25x100.
Cor. 20th and Diamond: 110x125. .
Cheap lots in all the homesteads.
W. H. CRIM A CO., 11M Montgomery st.
<_»>7K AND $725: 2 LOTS ON LOMBARD
(JpOlw and 27th ats.; terms easy. 1128 Vallejo.
" cnnA ASKED; OFFER WANTED FOR 50
tJpOUUU x 125 on Church St., near Market. -.._
»r7CA GOOD: HOUSE ON GREEN ST..
♦iP«J I t/U. near Laguna; you can have a bargain
on this piece, as we are ordered to sell it; lar^e
lot. •• - --•■•-' ■ . ■ •'-'-■
McEWEN 8R03., 118 Montgomery st.
L.MNJS BLOCK S. OF GOLDEN GATE PARK
X to exchange for Western Addition residence.
Address C. It., box 7, Call Office. ■■-;.■■; .-.:-,
<oi9'-*fifi 60-FOOT FRONT iN WESTERN
•uS—OUU. Addition: Improved; rent* $24 per
month. ASHTON _ GARDNER, 411 Montgom-
ery SU
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY 3, 1896.
-1... CITY REAL ESTATE.
pAYS OVErTper CENT. . ■
-*■ Geary-street Investment.
fl^7 GEARY ST., NR. LEAVEN-
<_3O I .UUU. worth — Splendid Improvements;
stores and flats: extra large lot.
A Forced Sale. ,
__,_ Submit an Offer.
ft 79^ A DEVIBADERO ST., NR. PAGE—
«D t^Oyj. Modern flats (cost $6250 to build);
contain 6 and 7 rooms, baths, etc.; lot 25:6x100.
Pays 10 per cent.
■ _ ' No Reasonable Offer Refused.
fIU 4. AAA SPLENDID FLATS ON Me-
■<DJ-**.UUV. Alllsterat.. near Pierce; always
rented; lot 50x100,
A Great Sacrifice.
Handsome Flats.
Qfi^Ofi SEVENTEENTH ST.. CLOSE TO
tIPUUUf . Market and Castro-Elegant flats;
cost over $6000 to build; an immense lot; must be
seen to be appreciated. .
Very Choice. .
©OQAA NI CK BAY-WINDOW COTTAGE;
<D~O\J\J. Jersey st., near Diamond; half block
from 2 car Hues: only a small amount down; bal-
ance same as rent.
Fine flats. ~
419 AAA GOLDEN GATE AYE.; FLATS;
<pXp.V\J\J. not far from Devtaadero at.; 4
fino flats; rented for $100 a month; lot 60x100.
©19 Onn PINE ST., NEAR LAGUNA;
fIO.WU. 3-story bay-window building con-
taining 3 flats of 5, 6 and 6 rooms and bath each;
reniSlos; extra large lot.
<2»97 Odd OUTAVIA-ST. CORNER; 3-
<£>_ • .\J\J\J. story bay-window bull ling con-
taining store and 4 rooms and bath on corner, and
5 flats of 6 and 7 rooms und bath each ; lot 60x76 ;
$195.
<3>Qf?AA QOUGH, NOT FAR FROM MAR-
t&\J\J\JVJ. ket; double house; 6 and ? rooms:
rented low at $45 ; lot Sox9o; this is a good loca-
tion for stores.
Obi (A Fidd A DESIRABLE INVESTMENT
© -L U.UUU. on Webster St., near Ellis; 3 mod-
ern dwellings containing 8 rooms and bath each;
rent $137 60; lot 50x90.
Flats.
QOQnn PARKIN ST., BET. WASHING-
«2SOOUU. ton and Jackson; 3 flats of 4, 5 and
6 rooms and bath: rent $66.
Easy terms.
OfcOOflA FOURTH AYE., BET. POINT LO-
tdOytyj . bos aye. and Clement at.; cottage; 5
rooms and bath.
Stores and Flats.
©97 ddf) SPENDID INVESTMENT On
<C— • .VUI». Castro St., near 4 23 d; lot 228x80;
part of the lot is improved with 7 stores; also 3
flats; 5, 5 and 4 rooms; rent $235; balance of lot
vacant. ..-■...•■.:. i:
Qfcfififi FELL ST., BET. SCOTT AND DE-
(JUUUU. visadero: 52:6x190; with improve-
ments; rented for $36 per month.
C£l dr\d * 50 CASH, BALANCE MONTHLY,
«JP-LV/c»V». 4th aye., between Lake and Califor-
nia; 8 lots each 25x120; cable cars on Lake si.
Bargains In
Lots.
©OH^fi LYON ST., BETWEEN FULTON
— yjoyj. and Grove; 25x100; street bitumln-
ized.
%1 AA PER FRONT FOOT- FULTON, NEAR
«35-»-UU Flllmore; 62:6x137:6: will subdivide;
select neighborhood, close to town.
<K9£AA BUSINESS CORNER, WALLER
«JJ)_UUU. and Shrader; 25x100.
QiA7P\fi ANOTHER CHEAP BUSINESS;
tjptt I O\J. Hayes and Fillmore; 25x106:3,
Q99XA KACH-McALLISTER, BETWEEN
<j>_— UU Baker and Lyon; 4 lots, each 25x
Cgi QAA, EACH LOTT BT..NEAR HAIGHT;
«DJLt7UU 3 lots, each 26x106:3.
ffl»Q9^A CENTRAL AYE., NEAR JACK-
«J>OiSUI/. son; 26x120; superb marine view.
©1 n^Ol SECOND AYE. NEAR CLEMENT;
«]pXUUU. 26x120; fine neighborhood.
©I ,10 A POINT LOBOS AYE., NEAR
«3)-LtiUU. Ninth aye.; 25x100.
ft 1Q AA POINT LOBOS AYE., NEAR
tip 1 oyjyj. Seventh aye.: 26:8x100.
BALDWIN A HAMMOND. *
10 Montgomeryjat.
UILDING — "
lo rsw-
s3so TO $400.
$5 CASH.
$5 MONTHLY.
STREET WORK
DONE.
All ready for building purposes. Streets are
all trad, d, sewered and macadamized, and
water pipes laid. Many of the lots require no
grading. If you are looking for a building
lot, see those we are offering in the Castro
• street Addition. Take the Guerrero Street
Electric Road (Mlsslou or Valencia transfer
at Fourteenth at.) and ride to Chenery and
. ■ Castro sis., and see the agent in our brunch
office there.
~^'-J : , BALDWIN A nAMMOND,
10 Montgomery at.
THE FEW ~~ " ~
_ ... REMAINING LOTS
WILL BE SOLD.
There are only a very few lota left on 25th and
Point Lobos avenues and Clement St., and we de-
sire to sell them at once. To close them out we
will make the terms
ONLY $25 CASH,
$10 MONTHLY.
The prices are $375 and upwards. The Botro
electric cars pass the property. See them to-day
BALDWIN A HAMMOND,
10 Montgomery st.
rriHE FEW • ~" " —
X REMAINING LOTS
WILL BE SOLD.
There are only a very few lots left on 25th and
Point Lobos avenues and Clement street, and we
desire to sell them at once. To close them out we
will make the terms
onlx $25 CASH,
$30 MONTHLY.
The prices are $376 and upwards. The Sutro
electric cars pass the property. See them to-day
■ ; BALDWIN A HAMMOND,
10 Montgomery st.
rnHiNK IT over. ; : : ; —
J. Su ppose you go out to-day and see the lots on
Eleventh and Twelfth av«-s., bet. Lake and
California s:s., that we are selling very fast
for $700 on terms of $50 cash and $10
monthly installments. You will find the lots
perfectly level, all the street work done, in-
cluding grading, sewering and macadamiz-
ing. \V ater pipes laid. After seeing the prop-
erty it might be well to compare our prices
with those of other property In the neighbor-
hood and think over the advisability of buy-
ing. Don't think 100 long, as the lots are co-
ing at the rate of one a day. Only 17 left.
BALDWIN A Hammond,
• ; ■ ' ----- 10 Montgomery st.
BURNHAM A MARSH COMPANY..
628 MARKET ST.,
OPPOSITE PALACE HOTEL.
$31 OHO RENT $225; ELEGANT NEW
fITOI .UUU. business corner; O'Farrell st., nr
Taylor; leased. ' . . '
ffil 7 4f|(| RENT $130: BEAUTIFUL NEW
«3>_ I .^tUU. Western Addition business cor-
ner; leased: very choice.
ftR^OO RENT $61: CENTRALLY LO-
«3)UUUU. cated flat; prominent street: never
vacant; offer wanted.
$i.(\~\ £\O FORCED SALE; FINE WESTERN
£?«800o! offer d ; l .°uter^ nCe: ° PP ° 3lte Bquarc:
<RBAAA Sr E % $55: FILLMORE AND
«BSOUUU. Washington sts.; choice piece of
property. *
<ftfi 1 RENT $33; MCALLISTER ST..NR.
«JP \) xO\J . Van ess a ye. ; store and flat.
$8000. s^J. 1 1 6TH ANDMINVA
BURNHAM & MARSH COMPANY
628 Market at., opp. Palace Hotel.
A GRAND OFFERING.
We will for the next 60 days sell a few choice
lots in the '
HEYMAN TRACT
On terms of $60 down and $10 a month.
Don't miss this opportunity to secure a fine bnlld-
lug lot, size 25x114: all street work done- 2 car
lines to the property: take Castro-st. car to 23d
St., or Mission- 1. car, transferring to 22.1 st • our
resident agent, Mr. Jai. E. Cotter, will show' 'you
around. JACOB HEYMAN,
Room 5, Crocker Building.
©1 NKW PRETTY 4-ROOM RAY-
UUU. window: cottage: bath, pantry and
basement: brick foundation; 1 minute from Mis-
sion-st. cars; small caih payment, balance same
as rent. * \fl~r r W"ilTiirriTTiili< ifiUHiWICT I'll) ■*»"<=
Lots $4UO and up.
■ $10 per month : no Interest.
Houses built from $500 up.
House and lot from $1000. '
Sold on monthly payments.
.4 houses now bein ■ built.
Lota 100; best for the price In the city.
Come to 3900 Mission si., opp. St. Mary's College.
Gf(*9r:A TERMS TO SUIT; NEW AND
«ipU_iJV/. handsomely decorated 10 room resi-
dence; marine and park view th« choicest of any
cannot be obstructed: near panhandle; substan-
tially built and finished by day work; every known
convenience. Apply on premises, 2203 Fulton st.
Take 1 Jay cs-st. .iars to the park or McAll'ster-st.
cars, which pass the houses.- , ■• ~ ■ * *
TAGE, 7 ROOMS; BATH: -JUST BUILT"
/ plastered basement; concrete walks in front
and rear: decorated throughout and superior to any
before built in the. Mission; for sale on easy pay-
ments and very cheap; on 24tb-st. electric line
4^4'.). near Douglass. J. ANDERSON, builder. • '
PACIFIC HEIGHTS-THREE NEW 12-ROOJI
J houses. 2847, 2819 and. 2851 Flllmore at., s of
Green: ail modern Improvements: reception-hall
parlors.' dining, chamber and billiard-rooms, tinted'
and decorated; furnace heat: all rooms and closets
lighted by electricity or gas; unobstructed marine
view; good investment. ;:■,- ■ '• ; ....,
TL>OR SALE — ELEGANT 12-ROOM HOUSE"
-C just completed, opp. Park; modern. .1917 oak!
. CITY REAL ESTATE.
ASTON, ELDRIDGE A CO.,- ; ~ T^T
ASTON, ELDRIDGE A CO..
638 MARKET ST.
638 MARKET ST.
AN ELEGANT HOME. V " :"
NEW AND MODERN.
OVERLOOKING THE PARK PANHANDLE.
4&QAnn a HANDSOME residence of
«!_jOUUU. 14 spacious rooms: bath, attic and
basement; . house only 1 year old;- beautifully
decorated and finished; exceedingly well built: lot
25x96 fee; ; sickness In owner's family causes the
sacrifice of this choice property.
$8000. "
FINE PROPERTY.
CALIFORNIA ST., NEAR JONE3.
HOUSE 14 ROOMS AND BATH
AND REAR COTI'AGE.
LOT 28x117:6 FEET.
A CHOICE OFFER.
ELEGANT FLATS.
• - '•-- v FACING PARK PANHANDLE.
%in (K)ll THREE MODERN FLATS,
«U> IU.UUW. nearly new, well and substantially i
built; on the north side of Fell st., near Lott; pays
10 per cent: lot 25x137:6 feet; this is e!lt-ed,'e
property and has a great future.
$6000.
BUSINESS PROPERTY.
NORTH SIDE HOWARD ST.
EAST OF 9TH ST. •
LOT 25X90 FEE IV j
ONLY $500 CASH. >"-
just RICHMOND HOME.
JUST FINISHED. ""St~T
<D»QAfIA A HANDSOME COTTAGE OF 6
tJpOUUU. rooms, bath, attic and basement, on
Second aye., near California st.; modern, complete
and well built; everything In first-class condition-
lot 26x120 feet: a chance to get a home on easy
monthly payments.
Flats: FLATS!
FLATS 1 FLATS!
fflS.dn.fin 2 FIXE FLATS OF 4 AND 5 ROOMS
tHSu:UI/U. each; near Fourteenth and Valencia
sts.: suDUantlaily built: brick foundation; pays
$420 per annum ; always rented.
$3250. ~~
TWO MODERN FLATS
IN RICHMOND;
PAYS $400 PER ANNUM;
LOT 25X120 FEET. _
fIfcOXAA 2 FLATS OF 4 BOOMS EACH ; ON
tE£O\jyj. Glover st., near Jones; in good con-
dition; always ranted; pays $360 per annum.
$3000.
CLARA ST., NEAR FIFTH.
6 TENEMENTS.
RENTS FOR 940 PER MONTH.
A FEW
A m lot P :CIAI ' baboains
©1 OAA CASH BUYS 2 CHOICE LOTS ON
«JP±_UU pr?sldlo Heights; . 25x127:8 each;
ready for building; $2400 mortgage inthelllber-
nia Bank can remain; this is a bargain; lately re-
duced from $40UO.
$4200— Sutter st.. near Devisadero; 80:6x164 ft.
$2200— Walnut, near Clay; 25x112:8 ft.
$3.. 0!)— Washington, nr. Devisadero; 30x127 :8ft.
$45UO— A beautiful residence site on Pacific aye.,
nr. Broderick; 27:6x127 :8Vi-
52-250— Ashbury, nr. Fell; 25x106:3.
*2Joo— Clayton, nr. Page; -6x106:3.
$1550— 21st, nr. Church: 50:11x114.
$1600— nr. Cole: 25x137:6.
WE HAVE
ALL KINDS OF LOTS
IN
ALL PARTS 6*' THE CITY
AND
ALL AT BARGAIN PRICES.
Make known your wants and we will send yon a
list.
EABTO.V, ELDRIDGE A CO. -* "';-'
ASTON, ELDRIDGE A CO.
./ 638 Market at.
[ 638 Market at.
All HOBIGER. LOUIS A. SOUC.
"I A. BOUO A CO.,
J.
REAL ESTATE AND INSURANCE BROKERS-
HOUSES RENTED. RENTS COLLECTED.
465 AND 467 VALENCIA ST., NEAR 16TH.
As we make a specialty of Mission property and
are right on the spot, we can save you time and
money by calling on us at once.
Cfi 9Q AAO ONE OF TUB BEST BUSINESS
CD_O-UUU. corners In the Mission; lot 65x
100: 2-story buildln? containing 3 stores and 4
rooms: 3 flats, 5 rooms and bath each; 2 bay-
window cottages. 5 rooms and bath; all in Al or-
der: renting for $2880 per annum.
C_"l O fifth COR. GUERRERO AND2OTH—
Cl-i.vUu. Lot 76:6x105: elegant bay-window
house; 8 rooms, bath; salon parlors; large grounds
and stables. Look at this and make
AN OFFER, AS IT MUST GO— —
»KKft|| 25x114; TWENTIETH ST., NKaR
%?'JOyf\'. Valencia; bay-window house; B rooms
and bath; $3500 can remain on mortgage.
<2*t[t |AA «0xll4: LIBERTY ST.. Nit. GUER-
tjpyjyjyjyr. rero: nay-window house; 8 rooms:
bath; laundry; Nob Hill Of the Mission: grand
view. ■ i-»'-.-. ->
i^/'AAA 25x90: WEST SIDE* MISSION.
•IPUUUU. near 20th; bay-window house 8
rooms and bath: basement; could at small cost be
converted Into Al business property: this is a
splendid buy.
S*i"\AAA 25x114; 19TH, NEAR GUER-
<3>O\J\jyj. rero; modern . bay-window flats; 6
and 7 rooms and bath: laundry; basement; Al
order: good value for $6000. ... >
Q9O^n 26x125: DIAMOND ST., NR. 20TH;
— Otjyj. modern bay-window cottage, 4 rooms;
bath: laundry; part of basement finished; cheap.
<K9^AA 2B *114: FORD ST., NX. CHURCH;
iff^iOyfyj. bay-window cottage; 5 rooms; bath;
large basement and yard.
©9ftfin 26x1125 : CHATTANOOGA ST., KB.
tJS^U\JV/. 22d; cozy cottage 6 rooms; bath;
perfect order; fine garden. - . •
< v> AAAi SAN CARLOS AYE., NR. 19TH-
•4P«J\Jl/l/I 2-story bouse 6 rooms, bath; street
work ail done and accepted.
Q9£fifl "*80: LEXINGTON a VE., NEAR
«ID— OUU. l9th-2 flats, 4 and 5 rooms; rent
$28: street work all done and accepted.
A FEW VACANT LOTS THAT MUST GO..
60x125— Diamond St.. near 20th: $1400.
25x114— 18th St., near Church: $1000.
27x88-Church st., near 17th; $1300.
26x90— 23d st., near Sanchez: $950.
26x100-Chenery St.. near 30th; $650.
HO:»xll7:<i-.Misslon St., near 21th: $4100.
25x114— 27tb St., near Guerrero; 81000.
25x100; Noe st., near Twenty-fourth; $1000.
26x178; Mission, through to Kan Jose: $3200.
- Our list comprises some of the best property In
the Mission. Lots of all sizes in any of the home-
steads; a so good business corners in any part of
the Mission; call and get a list and prices.
If you want your vacant houses rented place
them with us.
L. A. SOUC A CO., 466 and 467 Valencia st.,
pear sixteenth.
OHN P*ORR, 3*o MONTGOMERY HT., OPP.
•J S-afo Deposit, offers for sale: ••■•-.-.-
-s7ooo— Ucnt;*6o: Folsom at. boulevard; 8-story
house, store and 2 flats; lot 28x100 feet. .
$7.oo— McAllister St., near Flllrnore; double
flat: 6 and 7 rooms and bath: rent $47 60
$2000— Ken s $6'»: Folaom-st. boulevard; 3-story
bouse, store aud 2 fiats; let '.Bxloo.
$20,000— Oeary-st. corner: 2 stores and flats np-
BUlra; lot 28x62; rent $140.
$4000— Minna St., near New Montgomery: will
be a business place; house 8 rooms; lot 30x65. .
$3000— Natoma St.; 2 story; 8 rooms; lot 26x70
rent $30.
$28,500— A snap; the NW. corner of Mission
and 17th sts.: a block of 2-story bay-window
houses; 3 stores and 3 flats of 5 and 6 rooms and
bath each; also 2 6-room cottages on 17th sU; lot
65x100; rent $2280 per annum. . - . 
. »1 3,000— Howard St., near 4th; 3-story house;
2stores«nd 10 rooms upstair : lot 30x80; rents 77.
$37,000— Splendid paying property on one of the
business streets leading to the Park; paying $300
per month, and will greatly Improve In value.
Reduced to $1 1,600 from $14,000— Valencia at.,
S. of 10th; 2-story bay-window house, store and flat
7 rooms and bath upstairs; lot 30x88 feet; always
rented: make offer.
$3000— 7 th at., near Brannan; lot 25x76, with
Improvements; renting at $30. . ■•-..'.
$2000—5 rooms and bath; house, corner 26th st.,
near Valencia. -
$6800— Rent $85: lot 46:6x62:6: Jackson at.,
nearMaaon. with 2 houses of 11 rooms each; al-
ways rented.
UNIMPROVED. .
$3200— Halght St., near Baker; 25 or 50 by 110.
$3100— Corner on FiUmore st. ; 24x82.
$1250—25x80: 24th at., near Dolores.
$800— Noe st., near 30th ; lot 36:6x75.
! $3600— Lot 76x100 feet; cor. 19th and Eare«
: su. : make offer. '■
JACOB HERMAN ~
OFFERS BIG BARGAINS IN LOTS ON $5 AND
$iO MONTHLY PAYMENTS.
Fine level building lots from $90 up; close to
Mlsslon-st. car line: park lots from $50 up; Rich-
mond lots from $300; $500— level building lo;.s
near Concert and Olympic Club ground*; other
lots at big bargains; call at office for full list; no
; trouble to show lots.
JACOB HEYMAN, Owner. '
; . Room 5. Crocker building.
C£Q7K CASH, BALANCE EASY PAYMENTS^
<_) V I new bay-window cottage, modern Im-
provements: lot 25x11)0, South Broderick, near
HalgUU Apply 1330 Mission ' ■ ' ,
ffl> ]AZf\ RARE CHANCE FOR A KOMK;
%T ltfcOU. new 2-story cottage 7 rooms, cor. lot,
60*50, Holly Park; small payments same as rent.
CADENA-SO A CO., 612 Montgomery at. -.
W. COR. FOLSO3I AND 21fST- STS.; 95x90
_ ft.; will subdivide; cheap for cash; alsoSW.
20th and Treat ay. : 25x110 ft.- lnq. 1205 Market.
"* I AKKET-STREET PROPERTY. : ' .
READY FOR BUILDING.
CORNER 75x80.
j .- V -:.-: ' ' NKAK VALENCIA.
', . Rare chance for Investors to buy below the mar-
ket value. Save, commission and time. Address
1010 leaven worth at. . .-. . '.;_.-- .<_•_.
T?OB SALE— ELEGANT IS- ROOM HOUBE,
X 1 done by day's work; salon parlors: reception
and billiard rooms; furnace heat; beautiful garden;
stone walks: view Golden • Gate Park. 1917 Oak.
T?OR KALE. CHEAP— STORY AND HALF
; X house: 7 rooms and bain, with ■ finished base-
ment; lot 25x167: part cash; south of park. Ad-
dress L. H., box ■ ) 5- ■ Call Ofllce.
tf» 1 A Odd MORTGAGE OF $5000 CAN
«IDiV/.UUv/. remain; bouse and lot, 30x68:9;
403 and 408 Pacific at. Apply to MADISON _
BUKKIi, : . . ' -■- .
*- ■; . •.■-.;
■ CITY. REAL ESTATE.
SHAINWALD, BUCKBEE* CO- — 2SA— ES-
-0 TATE AGENTS,
218-220 MONTGOMERY BT., MILLS 7
. • BUILDING.
HOUSES RENTED.
♦2800— New modern cottage on Clement st., on
the sutro road, near 2d aye.: 5 rooms and bath:
lot 25x100; terms $600 cash, balance in monthly
Install men ... \ •
$3200— Offer wanted: Yerba Buena at., bet. Clay
and Sacramento; 2-story house of 7. rooms; rent
$30: lot 23x80.,
$7500— Bush at., N. side, near Jones; 2-story
co tagc of 7 rooms and bah; cheap; lot 27:6 x
100. . ■. ■•;. ..; .\' ....
$2300— Richmond cottage: W. line of Bth aye.,
near California at. ; almost new; 4 rooms and bath ;
7-foot basement; lot 25x120.
. • $1750— Northwest corner on Clement at. {Sutro
electric road): biggest bargain out there; 57:6.x
100 : offer wanted. ..
. $7000— Another bargain In the Marine View dis-
trict: southwest corner Broadway and Scott sts. ;
38:214x120; ten than $200 a front foot; fine
marine view; surrounded by beautiful residences;
terms $2500 cash, $4500 on bank mortgage.
$15,000— Price reduced; sunny side Clay at., nr.
Buchanan; one of the best residence blocks in the
city; 2-story basement house of 12 rooms and
bath : salon parlors; modern In every respect. -
-slo.6oo —Page st., close to Market: good Im-
provements; rents $840 per annum; lot 27 :6x120:
2 frontages: must oe sold.
$12,000— NE. corner on Webster St.; substantial
improvements; rents $1150 per annum; lot 37:6
xB2. . .' . . ' .
$5000— Handsome modern cottage on Broderick
St., near Washington; contains B rooms and bath;
lot 25x87:8 feet.
• $1750— Stevenson St., near 14th; 25x80 feet;
street sewered and macadamized.
$13,000— Cost over $17,000 ; rents $1440 per an-
num; 3 of the handsomest flats In San Francisco;
contain 7 rooms and bath ; mortgage of $7600 can
remain.
$2400— side of Clay St., near Lyon; 25:6 x
90. or 2 lots at the same rate.
$5500— Price reduced from $6150; rents per an-
num, $684; will pay 9 per cent net; front and rear
house ; Russ st., near Howard. ■
$16,000— St., west line, near Pacific;
beautiful modern 2-story basement and attic resi-
dence: decorated and frescoed: lot 38:6x120.
$40,000— .-^utter-st. investment; north side,
downtown; substantial Improvements; rented to
one tenant for $3000 per annum, net; mortgage,
$12,000 at 6V9 per cent; can remain if desired.
$18,000 — Northeast corner residence on Devisa-
dero st.: in Pacific Heights region: over 60 ft.
front; contains salon parlors in white and gold ;
dining-room inoaic; breakfast-room; large kitchen;
square hall; decorated and frescoed; stained-glass
windows; contains 6 bedrooms and baths; every
room sunny; billiard aud furnace room in base-
ment. — . ■ • .;.....
I Is32so— Worth $5000; good substantial bay-win-
dow cottage of 6 large rooms and oath; tank
clos-t in bathroom ; double parlors; closet In every
room: cement sidewalk: note the size of lot, 29
xIOO ft.; Bush st., near Broderick.
$9000— Jackson st., N. side, near Steinor: sub-
stantial modern bar-window residence of 9 rooms,
bath and basement; furnace: bitumen street; stone
sidewalk; lot 25x117:8Vi: the best residence sec-
tion in San Francisco.
$7500— Scott uu, near Pacific; price reduced; lot
40x112.
$3500— Seymour aye., between Scott and Devisa-
dero and Turk and Golden <<ate aye.; substantial
2-story house of 6 rooms and bath street bitu-
men; sidewalk stone: lot 25x90; $1000 cash, bal-
ance In monthly payments of $20 if desired.
$2000 — Leroy place, between Sacramento and
Clay and Jones and Leavenwor h; 2 flats of 4
rooms each: rents $20: lot 2*2:6x60.
i 5500 reduced: Webster St., near Wash-
ington : very good 2-story house of 8 rooms and
bath; street accepted; mortgage $3000 at 6*A per
cent canremaln; lot 25x97:6 feet.
$4250— Jessie St., near 14th; new flats of 4 and 5
rooms and bath; rents 837 50; look at these.
The above is only a partial list. We will be glad
to furnish a complete list on application.
SHAIN WALD, BUCKBEE A CO.,
218-220 Montgomery St.. Mills building.
A LMOST COMPLETED: THE FINEST COT-
aV. tage that I have yet offered for sale; contains
6 large rooms on first floor; stairs to attic In front
hall; 2 large rooms In attic; porcelain tub in bath-
room: flue mantel; elegant aid board; rooms fine-
ly frescoed: finished basement; easy terms given;
Castro St., bet. 23d and Alvaradosts. S. A. BORN,
owner and builder, 4079 24th st.
SOL GETZ A BRO.,
REAL-ESTATE OWNERS)
ROOM A. FIRST FLOOR CROCKER BUILDING
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS.
"VfEW BLOCKS, NEW LOTS.
Xi for homes or Investments at great bargains.
Come and see. We buy for cash and get choice
bargains.
Sl-7- TO $200— LOTS NEAR PARK; GRAND
tO boulevard; $10 down, $5 monthly. SOL
GETZ <fc BRO. I '
ffIfQAA $400, $450, $500 TO $1100-
-«Jp«_HJV/. Choicest lots In Richmond; near Sutro
electric-car line and near new concert grounds,
Affiliated Colleges; on the south of park; ready to
i build on; terms to suit purchasers. SOL GETZ &
BRO. .-.. s
Ql 00 To $250— BUILDING LOTS, NEAR !
<IP L\jyj Mission-st. and electric-car lines; only
$10 down. $5 monthly. SQL GETZ A BRO.
CALL FOR MAPS AND DIAGRAMS.
SOL GETZ A BRO.. OWNERS, •"; "' :
ROOM A, FIRST FLOOR CROCKER BUILDING.
MONEY
LOANED ON REAL ESTATE
AT LOWEST MARKET
RATES.
.BORROWERS ACCOMMODATED AT
SHORT NOTICE BY THE
CALIFORNIA
TITLE INSURANCE COMPANY,
OFFICE. MILLS BUILDING,
L. R. ELLEBT, Vice-Presldent.
C.-1 PER WEEK: FRUITVALE TERMINAL
<a?l tract: lots $100. McCART CO., 646 Mkt.
C. BEMIS, "" ~
• real estate AND land agent,
324 montgomery ST.
FOR SALE.
$3600— E. side of stanyan St., bet. Carl and
Frederick; 25x100 feeu ■
$450— san Carlos Villa lot; 100x160 feet.
$6700— 50x127:6 feet on Jackson st., overlook-
ing the Presidio and bay.
$6000—2 modern houses of 8 rooms each, at
park: '.'5x137:6 feet; electric road passes houses;
make otter.
$2500— 2-story 8-roomed house on Harrison at,
bet. First ana Fremont.
$8500- Elegant NW. corner of Cole and Carl sts. j
$300— Choice building lots north of park.
In Oakland— l4ox3so. SW. cor. 19th aye. and '
25th st.: elegant lawn, shrubbery, flowers and :
fruit trees: good bouse of 9 rooms; stable and car- •
riage-house; all in good condition: must be sold;
make offer. ' -:-r.---.r-?;
<2» fohn COTTAGE; 3 ROOMS; LOT 60x135 :
'iP-LOUU. in Berkeley, near station: payments
easy.
Cottage; 3 rooms: lot 75x125.
81000— Handsome corner; 100x100; $15
monthly. • ■ .. -
if 2oo- Lot 25x135: $10 down: $5 monthly.
CHAS. A. BAILEY, 80 Montgomery st.
GjOA PER LOT, 25x100; SAN BRUNO ROAD:
«iT —yr 6V2 miles from Palace Hotel: patent title;
b. P. R. H. shore line will cross tract, make It bust-
ness property; 15 minutes distant; some day
worth $1000 a lot ; deed, map and abstract $L A.
WHEELER, 331 Montgomery St.. room 10. ■ • ■
MODERN 2-STORY DWELLING, 7 ROOMS,
bath, basement and attic, built for $2600:
flats and ages built at most reasonable rates.
Call and nee plans. J. McCONAHEY, 1149 Mission
• ' <•
PROPERTY TO EXCHANGE.
""
CAA L6TS^ r ßßM^s"6~^"s2oiooO ~
Oyjyj 20 houses and lots, from $1250 t0.. 510,000
60 ranches, all sizes, from $100 tt> 30.000
20 houses, Oakland and Alameda, slooo to 8,000
100 business places, all kinds, from $50 to. 4,000 i
25 lodging-houses and hotels, from $200 to 3,000 i
Millinery-store In country town.. 18,000
4 flats, lot 50x114...... 5,000
1 good lot lv city.. 150
2 lots. Ocean View, 60x125................. 600
WHAT HAVE YOl' TO OFFER? :
I SELL AND EXCHANGE . —
All kinds of property —
H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market St., opposite Fifth .
OWNERS WILL PAY CASH DIFFERENCE
to exchange for city or Oakland property.-
-$2500—80 acres near Newcastle: fine fruit land.
$5500—54 acres near <-»stroville: 18 acres fruit,
15 hay- ; plenty wood and water, house, barn, etc
$15000—240 acres level grain land; Sacramento
Valley ; house, barn, etc. L SCHARFF, 18
Post st. ■ .
OR SALE OR hXCHANGE; LAND IN NAPA
County, Contra Costa, Tulare and Sacramento
County, from $2000 to $16,000. LYNCH A
GERRY, 935 Market st. . . ■
17>OR EXCHANGE— BLOCK IN C LO-
. r»do, value $35,000, rental $3000, for Califor-
nia city or country property, or for a wholesale
grocery, liquor or stationery business |ln a good
town. - Address B. H., box 3, Call Office. ; .
CITY LOTS FOB LODGINU-UOUSE bOUTH
of Market st. Apply 136 First si.
AN RAFAEL RESIDENCE: 8 ROOMS, ETC.;
'accepted street: value $4000: will exchange
for city residence. J. R. ROCK, San Rafael. . .
OT IN SOUTH SAN FRANCISCO IN.EX-
change for horse and delivery wagon. .'707
Clementina st. ~ ■ . .'
O EXCHANGE FOR GOOD CITY PROP-
erty— 3o acres at Vaoavllle: all bearing In the
oest kinds of fruit; rents for $1500 per annum.
Address T. F.. 434 Tenth St., city. ■■■■.? .■;'■■
TTIuR SALE OR EXCHANGE FOR OAKLAND,
J 1 Alameda or San Francisco Improved prop-
erty—Finely equipped fruit. and alfalfa ranch at
Tulare City: with stock, large house, barn, etc
For particulars address Owner, box 632, San Jose.
p ROCIiRY-STOIIE FOX SALE OR EX-
IX change for city property. -' Apply 499 Halght.
1 ()O|l ACRES TIMBER LAND, KERN CO.;
I£O\J water; line for cattle- raising. N..bx.16,Ca1l
•■■': : .'.E^^l,'!l!!?^-^:,. nn '. ; *'
proof building; advances made. 211 Larkln.
proof building; advances made. 211 Larkin.
T OWES!' RATISS— FURNITURE, % PIANOS,
XJ household goods, etc. J. M. I'ierco, 735 Market.
11. P.OONEY. 722 MISSION— STORAGE AT
. redeced rates: basement storage, sl 50 per load
. B. SMITH FURNITURE CO.. 132 ELLIS;
. low rates: proof building; Eastern: plan.
A PPLY FOR RATES FOR STORING FURNI-
iI lure, etc. ■ SHIBEJC _ SHIREK, 747 Market.
COUNTRY REAL ESTATE.
~~~
/VFAISKELL A CO.,
david BUSH, COUNTRY DEPARTMENT,
11 montgomery ST. v
for sale ON EASY TERMS, OR WILL ex-
change for San Francisco. Oakland, Alameda
or Berkeley property, 100 acres ricli loam
soil, 4 miles from Capitola, Santa Crux Coun-
ty; 15 acres in Zinfaniel wine grapes: 8
acres in orchard; balance good hay and pas-
. - ture land; plenty of wood and water; Hdo
improvements, with all necessary farming
• Implements: $7000. ,
ALSO -480 ACRES NEAR CLAYTON ON
county road; partly. level, rolling and hill
land: well fenced and plenty of wood and
water; good improvements: $6500; mort-
gage of 84000.
ALSO 107 ACRES AT FORESTVILLE, SO-
•£»- noma County: 27 acres in wine grapes; 60
acres in grain; 8 acres in nursery; family
orchard: balanco grain and pasture land: fine
improvements; price $12,000: mortgage
$4300. . ..... w v ■
ALSO 119 ACRES, 1 MILE WEST OF NAPA,
on the road to Brown's Valley; . 30 acres cul-
tivated; balance good pasture land hand-
somely wooded, with plenty of water; good
modern Improvements; an elegant place;
$12,000; no mortgage.
ALSO 135 ACRES ON HOWELL MOUNTAIN,
Nepa County; about 80 acres in bearing resist-
ant vineyard : 10 acres In prunes: balance pas-
ture and timber; fine Improvements; stock
and tools go with the place; $SOO0; no mort-
gage.
ALSO 12 ACRES AT COLFAX, PLACER
-£X County: 15 acres in full-bearing orchard; ttVfc
acres in lokay an 1 muscat grapes; all shipped
Kail; tine bouse and improvements, $6000;
mortgage ?10;>().
ALSO 51 ACRES, 2 miles from santa
Rosa: about 10 acres in wine grapes ana or-
. chord, balance all level farming land; good
house and improvements; value $7600, '
mortsrage $3000.
ALSO 20 ACRES AT CORONA STATION, 2
-<-*• miles north of Petaluma; good house, barn
and chicken-bouse; land suitable for any-
thing; price $3000: no mortgage.
ALSO 36 ACRES. 2 MILKS WEST OF PETA-
X— luma; 11 acres in vineyard and orchard bear-
ing; balance In grain: good house, barn and
Improvements; price $5000; mortgage $1500.
ALSO 30 ACRES, I V2 MILKS FROM SEBAS-
topol, Sonoma County; all out In orchard and
vineyard: fine improvements; all stock and
tools; $6000; mortgage *2.00.
A LSO 80 ACRES: 1 iUi.E FROM RAILROAD
A depot; Anderson, Shasta County ; 60 acres in
full-bearing orchard ; balance hay and alfalfa
land, with fine improvements; place cost
$12,000; sell for $7500: mortgagee $4000:
also 200 acres; 8 miles from Mountain View,
- Santa Clara County; 30 acres cultivated; 6%
acres in wine grapes; orchard of olives and
apples In full bi-aring: fair Improvements:
$3500; no mortgage.
17OR RENT, A PICTURESQUE FURNISHED
J- cottage of 7 rooms; nice oat buildings with 3
' acres of orchard and meadow land at Cap-
. itola, Santa Cruz County; rent $35 per month
for 6 months or a year. ■ .
ALSO. NICE FURNISHED HOUSE 10 ROOMS;
modern improvements, with 7 acres all out
in orchard: '.ij miles from San Mateo; rent
$35 a month fur d months or a year.
ALSO, NICE FURNISHED HOUSE OF 10
rooms with outbuildings at Kanta Cruz over-
looking town and beach: rent $35 a month;
photograph at office. ■" ■,
% ACRES OF CHOICE LAND, HIGHLY IM-
— vf proved, Sonoma County," for ■ sale or ex-
change; $6000.
94A A CRES OF VALLEY AND HILL LAND;
-J" large house and barn; sale or exchange;
$4000. '
1 Art ACRES FINE FRUIT LAND IN ONE OF
J.UU the best fruit counties In the State; sale or
exchange; $6000.
ar\(\ ACRES FINE STOCK LAND, ALL
yjyjyj fenced; sale or exchange; $12,000.
A A ACRES HIGHLY IMPROVED OLIVE
ttU ranch in Placer County; see olives and oil at
office ; great bargain; $6000.
ALSO MANY OTHER CHOICE PIECES:
call or send for description.
FINE DAIRY. RANCH FOR RENT; STOCK
1 for sale. _____
EDWIN K. ALSIP A CO.,
Room 29, second floor. Mills building, 8. F.
MODERN RESIDENCE
IN OAKLAND.
FOR SALE OR LEASE.
HARRISON ST., NEAR 14TH.
Modern house, 10 rooms, bath, basement, laun-
dry, • furnace-room, etc.; lot 50x100 ft.; elegant
surroundings: three minutes' walk from narrow-
gauge depot; cost nearly $12,000; for sate for
$90lK) on easy terms, or will lease for one or two
years; exchange for city property will be consid-
ered. Further particulars cail on
'V E ASTON, ELDRIDOE A CO..
' ■ ' .' 638 Market st.
AN CH OF HB7 ACRES; MODERN HOUSE
-I »' of 8 rooms, barns and otner buildings; 16 acres
in Bartlett pears bearing; no injury from frost;
rest In grain and potatoes; 24 miles from San
Francisco; 1/2 mile from depot: will sell 234 acres;
plenty water; 4 horses and tools; 100 chickens.
Apply ASTON, ELDKIDGE A CO.
A GOOD HOME 40 MILES OUT; 1623^
acres; $10 per acrr- cash ; 60 acres corn land:
perpetual stream; 3% acres fruit and vines; no
frost, no fogs, no winds.
1 On ACRES; NAPA COUNTY: 24 ACRES
-I*-"-' fruit and vines; free from frost : crop this
year good for $1400; all stock and tools; only
$3000. ,
A SUBDIVISION OF THE BEAUTIFUL
X— Falrview Villa, Santa P.osa, 1 mile from Court-
house; 3 acres to 20 acres at your own price and
terms. • ■■-..• ■ .
HUGH SHIELS, 602 Market St., Crocker bldg.
ffi>f«7K 10 ACRES SANDY LOAM SOIL A LI,
»CSUIO. planted to trees; 2 and 8 year old al-
monds of the best variety in the eastern fruit belt.
Contra Costa County; terms easy. Apply ■to
FRANK M. WILLS, Antloch, Cal.
"I AA ACRES OR ANY PORTION: 2 HOURS'
yjyj drive from city: suitable for raising vege-
tables, chickens or flowers; plenty of water at a
depth of 7 feet: price $100 per acre. ASHTON A
GARDINER, 411 Montgomery St..
ESTABLISHED 16 YEARS
N. D. SICKELS——
. THE
LAND AGENT.
SALE AND EXCHANGE of country property a
strict specialty (3000 propositions): most reliable,
largest and
Best systematized LAND OFFICE In America,
620 Market st.. opp. Palace Hotel, San Francisco.
O ACHES GARDEN LAND IN ROSS VALLEY,
orchard and running stream -old improvements-
s3ooo. Address J. TUN.STEAD. San Rafael.
R*\NGK LANDS. ~ ~
RANGE LANDa .--■-•>
BARGAIN PRICES. r\~
BARGAIN PRICES.
$70 PER ACRE.
SIX ANNUAL PAYMENTS.
ORANGE-BLOSSOM COLONY.
ORANGE-BLOSSOM COLONY.
OAKDALE, STANISLAUS CO., CAL..
A 10-acre orange grove makes a nice home and
at the same time a good Investment: it will cost
you unimproved $700, planted and cultivated
$1750; about $300 cash, balance In five annual
payments: no interest; the trees planted on this
property will begin bearing in about 3 years, and
the fourth and fifth years will be paying large re-
turns. .
We have an experienced horticulturist In charge
of the colony who will care for non-resident own-
ers' properties very reasonably. . .
For further particulars, maps and circulars ap-
ply to EASTON, ELDRIDGE A CO.,
638 Market st., San Francisco,
Or F. T. KNOWING, our representative, Oakdale,
Cal.
WHY PAY PROFITS OUT FOR RENT
»» when you can get a good business and a home'
on these terms: $500 cash down, balance $10 per
month, interest 6 per cent; secures perfect title to
7 acres fruit, vegetable and strawberry land; a
good 4-rootu house, furnished; a well, force-pump,
tank and horsepower; 4 acres fenced hog-tight and
barley growing: 1 acre planted to corn and veg-
etables; 1 milch cow, 1 horse and 1 spring wagon ;
175 laying hens: 150 assorted fruit trees; '28 hoes,
all sizes, and a garbage route furnished; cheap
feed: only 10 minutes' drive to center of live town
of 2000 inhabitants on S. P. R. R. : price only
$2200. Address Manager, box 172, Gllroy. Santa
Clara County, Cal. ."
ILL RANCH FOR SALE OR JSXtHA.vijt:
cheap; complete with tools, stock, chickens;
207 acres: 6 miles from St. Helena: 18 acres
bearing vineyard: good hay crop; fine pasture;
1500 cords oak; sj>ring piped to house and barn;
living stream crosses pasture. Call or add res 70 On
Guerrero st., S. F. :
Oil P»nA * 500 »OWN; 100- ACRE RANCH:
ispX*J\J\J. well fenced; farmhouse, barn and
orchard. W9»WSgSSsis«G~ftSi*y.. > . -
$1660— 60- acre ranch in Scotts Valley, Lake
County; 30 acres In alfalfa; house and running
water.
$650—160 acres; 100 level: house, barn and run-
ntug water. . : CHAS. COLTON, 906 Market st.
HEAP— ACRE LAND, HOUSE AND IM-
\J provements. . Inquire at 427 Hayes st. •
SEND FOR OUR LIST OK ORCHARD HOMEd
for sale. ; WOOSTER A WIHTTON. San Josa.
<E>Q AN ACRE; 320 ACRES, HOUSE. FENCES
«IDCJ fertile soil, living water, plenty of wood:
crops never fail; good for stock, grain, fruit, poul-
try, etc: terms easy: no snow; no chill*. M. A
GRIFFIN, real estate agent, Cottonwood, Shasta
County. Cal. r ..-'■. -v . : .  .
ARIN COUNTY-5000 ACRES 28 MILES
lrom San Francisco.
- . Rancho de Novato.
Tracts cut any else desired; fruit, Brain ana
vegetable land, no irrigation; both rail and water
transportation; $40 to $75 ocx acre; terms mad«
10 suit; send for circular.
Improved dairy farms for sale with cows. - -•' i
SYNDICATE ,IN VESI__NT COMPANY, 61
and 65 Chronicle building. : ..
ITTLE HOMES CLOSE TO TOWN: IJl-
proved; easy terms; . also 4, 6 and 12 acre
pieces on 8 and 10 years' credit; 3 partly Unproved,
with small house, etc D. H. TWIN G, tsonoma
City. Inquiry 632 Market st. 8. F. - •
_ • " : ""' '■; :'• 1 LOST. :"■;.:''
LOST— PASS BOoITwiTH , HIBERNIA SAN-
XJ ing and Loan Society of San Francisco, in name
of MARY McGUIRE, No, 1801514. Flnderplease
•vttirn to bank. .. . .. • ...; . • . .
\j ULL TERRIER DOG; EAKS COT; NAMED
l> Duke; $5 reward at 805 York st. J. SPAR-
ROW. ' • ,
MAY - 1, STRAYED FROM CITY FRONT
stables, 20 Clay st., black greyhound bitch;
return and receive suitable reward.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— 908 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
C A ACRES > ADJOINING TOWN OF SANTA
cv Rosa, 20 acres in orchard, new house and
barn, price $7000, will trade for Oakland or city
property; a!so cottage of 6 rooms, all modern, lot
«oxlBo, an Fri:itvale aye., price $4500, will ex-
change for small ranch: also 63 acres in San Jose,
all in full bearing orchard, clear, price $20,000,
will trade for Oakland or city property: also cot-
tage of 6 rooms, price $3000, mortgage $1500,
Id a splendid location; also other property for ex-
change. Address P. KELLY, Real Estate Ex-
change, 459 Ninth st,, Oakland. . ' .■-
-fljfij WHAT IT WILL DO. '• '•
«3)±. We are offering a few lots at 'Half their
value in order to close out partnership affairs in
several tracts on terms of $1 cash., balance $1
weekly; this is beyond any question the-greatest
offer ever made in Oatcland for desirable residence
property: electric cars, street graded, city water
i and surrounded by handsome improvements; call
! at once and investigate for yourself; 20 lots sold
last week. LAYMANCE, 466 Eighth St., Oakland.
rE HAVE $1200 AND UPWARD TO LOAN
»» on Oakland improved real estate at 8 per cent
interest; smaller amounts at higher rates: reason-
able current expenses. HUGH 21. CAMERON,
broker, 479 Ninth St., Oakland. ■ ■ 1 ; .
ODERN COTTAGE IN FRUITVALE; 6
rooms complete; every convenience; barn ; lot
50x280: for sale, or rent furnished or unfur-
nished : terms reasonable. Address MRS. A. W.
JASPER, Fremont aye.. Fruttvale. .'-•»•
Of! ACRES JUST ABOVE PIEDMONT; ALL
• >«-> cultivated; 8-room house; $7000. C. K.
KING, 902 Broadway. Oakland. " ' o
990 ACRE 3; 6 MILES FROM OAKLAND;
— — O elegant house; splendid situation; $35,000.
C. K. KING, 902 Broadway, Oakland.
63 ACRES; LAFAYETTE, CONTRA COSTA
4 County; 2 hours from Oakland: tine buildings;
$3000; cash, balance $15 a month. CX.
KING, 902 Broadway. Oakland.
T OOK! $100! LOTS ON INSTALLMENTS:
-IJ no Interest; near local trains and electric cars.
H. B. PINNEY, 902 Broadway. Oakland.
<2;90 AAA EXCHANGE —WE have
.V/W. houses and lots to exchange for
land or other property. Apply ALDEN & KROX-
ENBERG, 002 Broadway, Oakland. , .
$7 X A GOOD COTTAGE AND LOT 60x100:
«jp • Oyj. worth $1500; well located. Apply AL-
DEN A KRONENBERG, 902 Broadway, Oak-
land. . . . , . r . ■ .
A TTENTION BUILDERS — PARTIES DE-
-i»- siring to build homes or houses to rent will find
it to their advantage to call on us at once: special
attention given to alteration* or repairs; plans aud
specifications furnished free of charge. 'A. H
BLOW. 1010 Broadway. . .
OUSE AND BUILDING LOTS ON INSTALL-
ments equal to rent; close to Fruitvale sta-
tion; 45 minutes to San Francisco; 13 minutes to
Broadway, Oakland: street work all done; sewers,
gas and water In. Apply to Syndicate Investment
Company, EDWARD DICK, -agent, Frultvale sta-
tion. . . t
_ OAKLAND HOUSES TO LET. ~~
rpEN ANT WANTED: 6-ROOM FLAT; FUR-
J-nlsbed; rent $20. Address E. M. S., Oakland
Office Call. .
OAKLAND ROOMS TO LET. ~~
"nURNISHEITROOM^FoS GENTLEMAN^ OR
X 1 lady in pr vate bouse on heights of Oakland;
fine raw; good air: references. Address S., box 2,
Call Office, Oakland.
rjTuREE, 4, 5, 6, 7 ROOMED HOUSES; $6 TO
1$12; modern. CAPT. BADGER, 953 Seventh
aye.. Clinton station.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— I43S PARK STREET. *
KKAL ESTATE.
"POR SALE. . -^— ~ j^uwutv.wj-.tjj-.-.
A BEAUTIFUL RESIDENCE.
Two-story house: modern in every respect; 9
rooms and bath ; between broad and narrow gauge
stations; neighborhood best in Alameda; for sal*
at bargain; terms easy; also new cottages on In-
stallments in desirable locations
W. H. HOOPER, real estate, 1329 Park st.
I^OR SALE— A BEAUTIFUL RESIDENCE: 2-
story house— modern In every respect— of 9
rooms and bath; between broad and narrow gauge
stations; neighborhood best In Alameda; for sale
at a bargain; terms easy. Also new cottages on
installments in desirable locations. W. H.
HOOPER, Real Estate, 1329 Park st. '
UILT FOR COMFORT AND CONVENI.
ence; 6 large room cottage; cement basement;
big lawn; windmill; electric and steam cars one
block. Inquire of E. B. CHANN ELL, owner, tor
one week, on premises, one block west of Ashby
station, Berkeley.. .
OR SALE— A BEAUTIFUL 3%- ACRE FRUIT
L and poultry ranch, with complete 'stock; close
to Oakland; $2500; part cash. E. HILL. 34 Dono-
hoe bulidintr, San Francisco.
ARE CHANCE; FOB SALE; 6- ROOM COT-
tage in Alameda: nearly. new: nicely located ;
gas and water. For Information call on or address
J. H. JOHNSTON, 702 Market St., S. F.
"J^OR SALE. : ~'
' «22t'0-ssocash; $22 50 monthly; 0 rooms and
bath : new colonial cottage.
$2800— No cash: $25 monthly; 35x100; corner
house; 6 rooms and bat
$3000— 550 cash; $30 monthly: 33:4x100; 6
rooms and bath: handsome new cottage.
$3600-*s2oo cash: $30 monthly; 33x160: 8
rooms and bath; elegant cottage on principal
driveway. ■
$3500-$ lOO cash: $35 monthly; 33x100; 7
rooms and bath; handsome colonial cottage.
HOUSES TO LET— FROM $10 UP.
All the above houses are situated on Improved
streets, near schools and stations; gas, sewer and
- water connections periect.
TO LET.
Elegant, sunny and perfectly new stores, with
rooms in rear and flats above if desired; rent rea-
sonable; location central; at stations and on prin-
cipal streets.
OPEN SUNDAYS AND HOLIDAYS.
MARCUSE <& REMMEL, Bar-st station, Ala-
meda, and 628 Market St., S. F. .
TiOR SALE- ~ " ' : ~
X House 8 rooms and bath, Central are.; house 4
rooms. I. rand st. ; cottage 6 rooms, Everett St.;
on long time and easy lirmu, or will exchange for
Kan Francisco or country property. Apply
EASTON, ELDRIDGE A CO.,
638 Market St.,
: . • San Francisco, Cal.
OOK-$350 FOR LOTb HALF A BLOCK
from Park St., Alameda, on installments: Qnu
location. H.B. PINNEY, 902 Broadway. Oakland.
Gil 7^ft MODERN COTTAGE: 5 ROOMS
<rpi I O\J. and bath; $100 cash, $20 per month.
No. 736. • , . .
$3600— NE. cor.: new; rooms »nd bath: open
plumbing, etc. : $260 cash, $30 a month. No. 738.
$3100— $100 cash, $25 a month; tine 6-room cot-
I tage; lot 40x125; nice grounds. No. 606.
I . $6000 — Elegant new house: 8 rooms:- must be
sold: $500 cash, $40 per month. No. 671.
$2800— snap: $150 cash, 925 per month: new
modern cottage: 6 rooms: lot 40x100. No. 762.
$3500— New modern 2-story: 7 rooms and bath;
$250 cash, $30 per month. No. 662. -
Houses to let in all parts of Alameda.
. H. P. MOREAL <fe CO., 1432" Park St., Alameda.
"VTEW COLONIAL HOUSE OF 7 LAROK
xi rooms, lust completed, on Central aye., 1 blociC
west from Park st.; lot 86x140: rooms on lower
floor beautifully tinted and frescoed: parlor enam-
eled in old ivory, mantel white and gold; burl pan-
els in doors; plate glass throughout: beautiful
. brick mr.:itel In dining-room: plumbing all open
work, and nickel-plated cement basement; elec-
tric appliance. Call and see this house, as I am
sure if you wish to buy it will suit you. GEORUE
a. M. GRAY, 463 Ninth St., Oakland. ,
RARE CHANCE TO SECURE A HOME ON
t easy terms; 4, 5, 6 and 7 room cottages and 2-
story dwellings on easy terms: from $2000 up;
$i5O cash; balance on easy monthly payments to
suit. ' Address A. R. DKNKE, real estate, archi-
tect and builder, 1503 Seventh st.. Alameda.
4it 1 AA TO 260 DOWN, 525 MONTHLY ; NKW
«P 1 yjyj 5 and 6 room cottages with every modern
. convenience; near station, school, etc : with larg<»
I 10t;. 52400 to $3000: send for Illustrated book of
Alameda, free. Alameda Land Company, 1600
Pur!; st- Alamcdn. - .
ALAMEDA HOUSES TO LET.
?po RENT OR" LEASE ~FCR^N^sIsED^LARGK
X modern house, grounds and stables; garden
kept in order by owner; terms moderate. Apply
1433 High st., corner Santa Clara aye., Ht^h-s'.
station, N. G.
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
ICE COTTAGK-LOT 100x130, WITH 100
chickens; reasonable; easy terms. 210 Vi
Eleventh St., S. F.
p OOD HOMES FOR RENT OR FOR SALE
VX on easy terms. O. G. MAY A CO., real estate
. and bulldlcg, 2123 Center St., Berkeley.
JOS. J. MASON, REAL ESTATE AND IN-
sn ranee agent, Berkeley station.
Berkeley houses.
I~^olTrlsnt^an elegant residence^}?
, -T 12 rooms, Dwight way, Berkeley; beautiful
grounds: profusion: of flowers, fruit and shrub*
bery: carriage-house, barn, etc. M. L. WURTS,
Dwlght-way station. - • • ■ -
SANTA CLARA COUNTY.
UEAL ESTATE. ; -
valTvalle yT2o^Tiles a oFsan "joseC
1 4 miles west of Morgunhill; -60 acres or more;
large furnished house with concert grand piano;
beautiful grounds, Interspersed with oak trees; . a
; cottages: pavilion 60x80 feet; bored well, wind-
mill, horsepower, 2 6000-gallon tanks: water piped
to house: stable: horses, cows, pigs, chickens and
implements for working the place; Improvements
: cos', over $12,000: will take part cash, the re-
mainder in city property. For particulars apply to
E. McCURRIE, Lloyd Tevls' office. Mills bids, S. F
TO LEASE.
TO LEASE— HOUSE, WITH 3 ACRES OK
land,- young orchard, berries, vines, outhouses,
etc. For terms apply MRS. E. MAGEE, Millbrae,
San Mateo County. - .  •
1314
:;":;:. - houses TO -let. .
TVqt^iTerrero— neat, comfortable
J. J O I dwelling of 8 rooms, bath,' front and rear
'garden, etc., $17: cor. Kearny ' I Chestnut, un-
.rrupten marine view, large pounds, 8 rooms,
rent $16. W. H..CRIM «fc CO., 118 Montgomery.
Q9 1a TWENTY-SECOND, NR. DOLORES— S
t/-l J nice sunny rooms, bath:. very cheap; $12 50.
i)(\ MABV, NEAR FIFTH AND MISSION— 4
4M nic'e,svnny rooms; vj-ry cheat); $14.
RQOMS AND BATH, CHEAP; WITH ROOM
fb'r stable. Cor. Twenty-second and Harrison.
OUSE: 9 ROOMS; SUITABLE FOR BUSl-
npss: cheap. 421 Powell street. . :
OUSE 7 ROOMS; MODERN IMPJIOVE-
-ments. 1210 Treat aye., opp. Gnriield square.
Cflf SKOTWELL, COR. TWENTY-FIRST— IO-
-4UI rooms, bath, $80; 28 Hill. 7 rooms, ■bath,
$30: 1139 Valencia, 8 rooms, bath, $26: 920Vfc
Natoma, C rooms, $16; 105 Diamond, cottage, 6
rooms, hatl:, $16. W. H..CKIM& CO., 118 Mont-
gomery st. ■ . ' i . ■ ■
CV"I (\ -HOUSE OF THREE "SUNNY ROOMS
«IPIV/. and finished basement.' 534 Ivyave.-
TO LET— A THOROUGHLY RENOVATED 9-
room house: modern plumbing: porcelain bath-
tub: tiled, sink. Apply at premises, 2620 Sacra-
mento St., between 8 a. m! and 5 r. M.
A PPRECIATED IF SEEN-829V2 SUTTER,
ii near Jones: choice for doctor or dressmaker.
HOUSE— NINE ROOMS; BATH: IN GOOD
orde^. 1427 Post Bt.;nearGough.
©111 ©!?¥> TREAT NEAR twenty-
<3plU'. second; house CTOoms; large yard.
OUSIj— 7 ROOMS; MODERN IMPROVE-
meuts; garden; 730 Gapp; also neat hall to
■rent. !?feiner aud Herman. __^
On HOUSE 8 ROOMS, BATH; MODERN.
Oy .- 1723 Clay at., near Van Ness aye. •
•fi_/(F: 1731 BROADWAY, NR. GOUGH. ST.—
■O •"•House ;B. rooms, -.with every convenience
In hot air furnace and imir'iuo view. •
rpo let-as ELEGANT NEW modern '
1 house: 9 rooms, bath >md Hnished -basement;
8419 Jackson st. marine: view: rent reasonable.
WILL" E. Fl sl l kI ; '. CO.,' 1 4 Post st.
•"UfE RENT MANY HOUSES BECAUSE WE
>> treat people- right. ' BALDWIN 4.HAM-
MOXI)'I(( Montgomery sf.
■:"'■■•. V FCRMSHED HOUSES. ! ~
HANDSOMELY - ANdVcOMPLEPELY ifUß-
rilshed; 8 rooms and bath: marine view: sun
ou three 'sides;- piano and machine left" if desired;
rent $35. "-2705'Laguna st., near Vallejo'. V -*
"Vr-ICELY-jeTRNISHEi) 6-ROOM FLAT TO
:J-* let 1 'reasonable.. ..1037a Dolores st.
I^T-l-r E.DDY— FURNISHED FLAT 6 ROOMS,
.1' 4 JO bath and large ya.rd; rent $25.
Eot, ELEGANTLY : FURNISHED CO T-
«T*~ O. tase;:-"6 lari;e room's, hath: every im-
provement:, basement; fine garden, large chick-en I
yard. H. L.- LSD ALE, . Prince St., near Dfakin, :
AshbV-a-<:e. Station. Berkeley. " v
0 ' .KiiNT— FOR 3 OR 0 MONTHS," NICKLY
furnwhed 8-rpom cottage on Pacific Heights.
CaU'4l2,Mpntgomery st. . . ■ .
T> QO M ISCMI FOB- BALE CHEAP— IB
: X\- well- furnished' rooms; 4 housekeeping apart-
'mpnts; rent $40: all full.- 3.14; Sixth st.
A-NDSOMB-LY FURNISHED house OF
. lOrooins: renticheap. J 8 McAllist'T.
:'.'. '.'■': ■■■'■.'■■ ' /.KUKXISHED I FLATS;
S~ iTaKdso^;LVix rnTshed^'loor
•O.of 4. rooms', bath, etc-, snitabie for. family or
physician: reasonable. " 9.13 'Polk, near Geary.
ajicely- furnished- flat for house-
xt 'ke'epip«:.rent reasonable. 1047 Mission st.
-'- ' " •.-.•■••tJfOTXAGES TO " LET.
Icri''X ■CC^AG^Er^ r R^M^Tc^irLAB?"AND
<T 1 ~i . water. Call 325 Fifth St.
711 EAR COTTAGE 4 rooms. 643 FIRST aye.,
IV Richmond District. . - ' ; -.. -
QUNN.V .COTTAGES; 4 AND 5 ROOMS: BATH;
large basement; yard. Cor. Dolores and 15th.
<EJ'7' CQTTAGK.INTHE MISSION: -4 ROOMS;
(UP.! .'. 2 blocks from cars. • 360 Jessie st.
non'AGp,SROOMS; BATH: WITH STABLE.
V .272" Folsom. near Twenty-third. '. •-'..;*
pOTTAGE .WITH "sl-A^BL— — 9 ROOMS AND
■V bath;- rent $20. 629 Noe st.
• A "WEEK'S- NEWS FOR 5 CENTS — THB
"-£*- '»VKJ..ivLY CALL, in wrapper, for mailing.
;.; .-• . •• -J I ATS TO LKT. ". •
Ql 99 V— Si INGTON— LOW-B 7 ° BOOM&
.OXOA bath. $32 60; 2518 Mission, upper 6
fotfms, bath, ?22 SO; 5825 Howard, lower 5 rooms, 1
bath, $20; 207 Second, Upper 7 rooms. $18: 1211
'Guerrero, upper 5 rooms; bath. ?17: 11% McLea
court, upper 5 rooms', bath, $16: 116 Dorland, up-
per 5 rooms. *1 4 :' 2416 Mission, "upper 4 rooms,
bath, $14:--1307Minna, upper 5 rooms, $14.- W.
H. CKI.U A CO.. lIS Montgomery st.
ELEGANT FLAT OF 1 ROOMS AND BATH.
Twenty;flrst St., near Valencia.
1 RH7 STEIXER. NEAR SUTTER— LOWER
lOvf-.l flat; 6 modern large sunny rooms; bath.
ELEGANT FLATS: 6 AND 7 ROOMS; $20' TO
$-27. 60: water free. 1315 Stelncr. near Ellis.
OF 3 ROOMS; YARD; WATER FREE;
i J rent $10. 356 Third st. . ■ .
-9 FLATS: 4 A.-*D 5 ROOMS; BATH: MOD-
— .em. 217 - and 219% Twenty-third st.
Q9O .-MODERN UPPER FLAT OF 8 ROOMS
— \J. arid bath. 711 Fifteenth St.. or; Market.
I Q97 : RA 1609 CLAY— FIRST-CLASS FLAT
V—l ..01/. of 7 rooms and bath; completely
renovated: new improvements; rent 'reduced.
Apply daily from 1 to 4 p. it
~Cj9(\ - 1425 a SACRAMENTO, NEAR HYDE—
*JT— < y . Upper flat of 6 sunny room« and bath.
."q 1 C:' NEW SUNNY FLAT OF 4 ROOMS AND
«]plU; ba:th. 1228b Union St.; very cheap.
Hi >! -BUCHANAN — ELEGANT BAY - WIN-
; OLrt do.w flat, 4 rooms; bath; cheap, good tenant.
If LAT; 4- SUNNY ROOMS; $12. 610 Natoma
X st,, near Seventh. .
•T. OWER FLAT; IN PANHANDLE OF PARK;
XJ firo.oni'sand bath: 815. 1310y g Page st.
till -FRANKLIN, BET. MCALLISTER AI«D
Ol X% Fulton— Flat 3 rooms; cheap rent.
SUNNY BAY-WINDOW FLATS; 4 AND 6
room's; bath. Cor. Polk and Jackson sts.
. Cj 1 9 TO LET-NEW LOWE"R~FL"AT OF 6
•ji< I— 1 » rooms and bath, yard and basement.
.Twenty- fourth st,, near Sanchez; electric-cars pass
the door. .;
Yew corner BAY-WINDOW flat OK 6
i.l rooms and bath; sun all day; SW. cor. Mission
nnd Thirteenth sts.; rent $25.
QQ UPPER FLAT, 3 ROOMS; ALSO LOWER
,O«-'. flat, 3 rooms and bath ' 418 Fulton st.
"ITIIXE- SUNNY FLATS OF 3 ROOMS; 24
X! Freeion st..'nr. Fourth; rent low.
1,91 "LIBERTY ST. (NOB HILL OF THE
XZiX Mission)— New flat, 6 rooms, bath; all
modern Improvements; rent 827 51).
• <J_l & FLAT, 6 ROOMS; BATH AND YARD:
. »ip.LU. 1318 Florida st., bet. Twenty-fifth and
Twenty-.si.xth.
If LAT. OF 4 ROOMS: NEWLY PAPERED,
. '•etc;.cTreap; $10. 1233 Union St., cor. Larkln.
©1 Q 3' LARGE ROOMS; YARD. 409TH1R-
, m «iplO. teentb st., above Valencia.
OOERN FLATS 4.6, 9 ROOMS: BATH;
I'l near park; rents $8 and upward. Apply 1909
McAllister St.. or 1718 Waller, near Stanyan.
(£• 1 A ■ NEW SUNNY BAY-WINDOW FLAT, 4
tjp It. rooms; bath and yard. 417 Twenty -sec-
ond st., .near Howard. 1
499 PAGE— LOWER FLAT, 6 FINE SUNNY
1-— .£. roopis; yard; modern Improvements: fur-
nished or unfurnished.
1190 HOWARD— nice sunny 4-room
.1 XOO flat; large yard;cheap rent.
PPER-FLAT, 5 ROOMS AND BATH. 16251 A
J Pine sf., above Van Ness aye. *
"\IODKRN FLAT: 7 SUNNY ROOMS; BATH;
±>L $23 -50; 9 i 1 Harrison. .
O?l Q TO NT- UPPER FLAT; 8 ROOMS.
tJplO. 565 Mission st.
fOUR KOOMS AND BATH, NEWLY PAPER-
X'-edaud painted throughout: on third floor: at-
tractive house and neighborhood; low rent-
sl2 56< only quiet -family without children!
DEMPSTER. 36 Glen Park aye., off Twelfth sU
•£• 1 A *"I«AT; 3 NICE LARGE ROOMS; SUN-
fS>X"X. Ny: yard. 4 Slarye terrace, off Turk st.,
bet. Hyde and Larkin.
I"~5 LAT 6 ROOMS: BATH. LAUNDRY. 6 MET-
\ calf Place, off Geary, near Mason.
71. octavia ST— LOWER flat 5 rooms,
4 XO bath, gas, basement; rent cheap.
SUNNY , UPPER FLAT: 4 ROOMB. 13
Hampton place, off Folsom St., near Third.
ffl»9A EACH; 3 SUNNY FLATS: 3 ROOMS;
• TjpZAJ' yard; basement. 810-812 Ellis st.
•"qUNNY^LATS: 8 AND 4 ' ROOMS:" BATH •
O garden^ $13 and $16. 1706 Post.
WILLI A _— FLAT OF 5 ROOMS. BATH,
to let: furniture for sale. ' .
fIjTQ" SUNNY UPPER FLAT; 6 ROOMS. 412
«™O. Eureka* st., between Twenty -first and
Twenty-second.
V I at7~« ROOMS, $14: ALSO COTTAGE. 4
A-rotm ls, yard, cellar, $11. 629 Second St., near
Brannan. ••
Qt> A UPPER FLAT, 8 LARGE SUNNY
<pOU. rooms and bath/ 625% Larkin st.
, A AND 5 ROOMS: BATH; $11. »12. $13; ELEC-
tT trie lines. 4585 a. 4587, 4691 a Eighteenth.
0 HOWARD COURT, NR. FOURTH—
*~> floor 6 sunny rooms, $14: lower 4 rooms, $13.
I OWKR FEaTOFI LARGE ROOMS; SUNNY
XJ side of street; rent $9 a month. 416 Ringold
St., bet. Eighth and Ninth, Harrison and Folsom.
79ftl" MCALLISTER - FLAT; , 6 . ROOMS;
"____J__ modern improvements: rent reduced.
M «£ER£ SUNNY upper 4-koom FLAT
1694 Page st., cor. Clayton, Golden Gate Park.
"VV A NTED — GOOD TENANTS FOR NEW
60 ' M a t r'ke B tT ** termB: **° vp ' .%? ECK & CO.,
WE KENT MANY FLATS BECAUSE WE
.'iff 8 ' Jgon^ t su BALDWIN & HAM-
MOND, It) .Montgomery st.
ELEGANT NEW FLATS, SEVENTH ST BE-
low Bryant. 6 and 6 rooms, bath; $8 to $16.
F.APEST AND BEST IN AMERICA— THE
\J WEEKLY. CALL, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for $1 60 post-
%r<* free. • ./ ■ : . ■ , i*^ l "
HOUSEKEEPING BOOHS. .
' ' Baker Street. 1 ;■
A] QUAKER, BET. HAVES AND GBOVE—
tIJ/ 2 neatly furnished rooms for housekeeping
or single; private family; bath; reasonable,
Bush Street.
"I _-| O BUSH-LARGE ALCOVE: PLEASANT
Illy home; private family: reasonable; refnes.
■ Bryant Street. -
_|QA BRYANT— 2 OR 3 SUNNY ROOMS;
"Ov furnished for housekeeping. '
■ '. 1 ddy Street. "
(* Q9 EDDY — SUNNY PARLORS; HOUSE-
OO_ keeping and other rooms: cheap.
Ellis .street.
CQ9 ELLIS — 4 SUNNY UNFURNISHED
OO _ rooms with bath. . ' ■
/*QQ ELLIS, COR. LARKIN— SUNNY FUR-
\JOU nished housekeeping: bath; kitchen.
Fifth Street.
Q9X FIFTH — FURNISHED . HOUSEKEEP-
O£o ing, 3 rooms, $13 a month: single, $6.
Fillmore Street.
d_-|A, 2 SUNNY FURNISHED HOUSEKEEP-
»J>IU. ing rooms. 2208 Vi Flllmore st., nr. Clay. '
Folioni Street.
1 Orl"! FOLSOM, COR. NINTH — SUNNY
x£iXX front bay-window rooms, complete; $8 up.
1 All FOLSOM— ELEGANTLY FURNISHED
ItII floor; 3or 4 rooms; complete for house-
keeping.
Franklin Street.
499 FRANKLIN— 2 SUNNY NICELY FUR-
't — _ nished rooms for housekeeping. -v>.~- C
Fulton Street.
m FULTON— 2 LA ROE ROOMS COMPLETE
• -Li-D for housekeeping: large yard; $10.
Geary St.ccc.
91 71 GEARY — LARGE FURNIBHED
-jl I 2 housekeeping room; rent $7; key at 217.
1/197 GEARY — SECOND STORY; FRONT
l'T—l and back parlor; unfurnished; kitchen;
gas; range; references. .-• .'■• ■■-••
Harriet Street.
3 HARRIET, OFF HOWARD, NEAR SIXTH—
2 sunny furnished housekeeping rooms; $9.
9Q HARRIET — FURNISHED ROOMS FOR
ZiV housekeeping. ;
Harrison Street.
9£97 HARRISON— 2 ROOMS, $6: 4 BOOMS,
_ O— I $8; furnished or unfurnished for house-
keeping.
' Hayes Street.
QAQHAYES— 2 UNFURNISHED BUNNY
Ol'C housekeeping rooms: 3 closets and bath.
Hickory Avenue
1 C\Q HICKORY AYE., COR. FRANKLIN-3
IUU sunny furnished rooms for housekpng; $16.
Howard Street.
£Q7 HOWARD— LARGE FRONT ROOM FOR
UO I' light housekeeping; also others.
7fil 1" HOWARD — NICELY FURNISHED
I U 1 •£ bay-window suite with kitchen; others rea-
sonable.
QQkI HOWARD — NICELY FURNISHED
OOOz housekeeping rooms: rent reasonable.
H»7O HOWARD— 2 NEATLY FURNISHED
1" I U rooms for housekeeping; bath: $9. . .
1 HOWARD— 2 FRONT BAY-WINDOW
1 UUP rooms, complete for housekeepg: cheap.
3OR 4 ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING;
cheap. 1806 Howard st. . : . :■
Jessie Street.
0 E A JEBSIE-3 NICE ROOMS; LARGE YARD
\jo\J and cellar; $12; unfurnished.
Larkin Street.
A QQ LARKIN— NEATLY FURNISHED BAY-
ttOO window housekeeping rooms: rent reason-
able.
1 f\f\U LARKIN — LARGE. SUNNY FUR-
JLUU.U nished back parlor; lor 2: $10; gas: bath.
"I LARKIN — SUNNY FURNISHED
1 X\J\J I front rooms with kitchen for house-
! keeping.
Market Street.
1 £9_ MARKET, NEAR VAN NESS— I OR 2
lO_i~± sunny housekeeping rooms; gas stove;
folding bed.
McAllister Street.
A(\ MCALLISTER — front sunny and
"V/ housekeeping rooms: reasonable.
rOQ MCALLISTER— SUNNY PARLOR AND
000 upper floor; nicely furnished, complete for
housekeeping; reasonable.
Minna Street.
9AQ MINNA— 2 FURNISHED ROOMS FOR
— 'Ui7 housekeeping.
£._£* MINNA — FURNISHED ROOMS FOR
I O^U housekeeping: large yard. ' .
C7C MINNA— 2 SUNNY FRONT ROOMS,
010 complete for housekeeping.
.Mi-, mi Street.
/^Q9 MISSION— FURNISHED HOU9EKEEP-
\JO£i ing rooms; also other rooms.
Ql 7 MISSION— 2 NICE ROOMS; BATH AND
01 I all conveniences.
i 000 MISSION — LARGE SUNNY BASE-
I 000 ment, $9; also well- furnished housekeep-
ing rooms, -ft--.
1 fl9_[ M l SI ° N— ROOMS FOR LIGHT
Iv/_il housekeeping; one or more; no children;
reasonable.
1 9^l MISSION, COtf. NINTH — 3 FUR-
XAOX nished housekeeping rooms; $12.
Moss Street.
1 q MOSS, off HOWARD. near SEVENTH—
.1O 2 or 3 furnished rooms for housekeeping.
> at «in a Street.
PL^7 NATOMA, COR SEVENTH — HOUSE-
OU I keeping rooms furnished or unfurnished;
rent cheap.
TiAZ. NATOMA — 2 LARGE SUNNY ROOMS,
yJ'iO furnished complete for housekeeping; $11.
Bew Montgomery Street..
1 AC NEW MONTGOMERY (FARGO HOUSE).
X\JO 2 furnished housekeeping rooms com-
plete; $1 76 per ween and upward.
. Ninth Street.
91 NINTH— NICELY FURNISHED ROOMS
— '1 for housekeeping; also single.
Octavia Street.
1 40Q OCTAVIA ST., COR. GEARY-SUNNY
X.t.yfO housekeeping rooms; furnished or un-
furnished.
Perry Street.
m PERRY -2 UNFURNISHED HOUSE-
keeping rooms; bath; hot and cold water.
Point Lobos Avenue.
91 90 POINT LOBOS AYE.-3 SUNNY FUR-
*'■!-*'« nished rooms, housekeeping; bath; ■ all
conveniences; $12; no children.
Seventh Street.
"I A 9 SEVENTH-SUNNY FRONT SUITES;
XrxA also single and housekeeping rooms; cheap.
Mxth > reet.
m SIXTH-CHEAPEST IN THE ClTY-
cozy housekeeping and other rooms.
Silver Street. ""
1 f»C SILVER, NEAR FOURTH— 2 FUR-
X\JO nlshed sunny rooms for housekeeping.
South Park.
1£ SOUTH PARK-2 TO 4 FURNISHED
XV housekeeping rooms, $7 to $14; 4 unfur-
nished, *10. .
9O SOUTH PARK— KINE SUNNY/HOUSE-
-00 keeping rooms; quiet neighborhood.
JO SOUTH PARK-PARLOR FLOOR; 2 OR 3
T:U rooms: rent $20: light housekeeping.
Stevenson Street.
4flO STEVENSON, COR. FIFTH-UNFUR-
nvo nlshed rooms for housekeeping.
. Sutter >ireet.
7q9 SUTTER-2 OR 3 FURNISHED ROOMS
I OA for housekeeping; rent $16.
. Tenth street.
1 94 TENTH-ELEGANT HOUSEKEEPING-
f-our^Sus, family. 0 suitable for physician or
four adults, family.
Ihird Street.
C] Q THIRD, COR. SOUTH PARK-SUNNY
OXO rooms for housekeeping.
Twelfth Street.
14-^ TWELFTH, COX. HOWARD-NICELY
xj:o furnished rooms for housekeeping; reason-
able.
Valencia Street.
20R y ALE , CIA 2 BAY-WINDOW ROOMS
_<V/U furnished for housekeeping; water; bath;
Van >ess Avenne.
1 40R '\ A^^ESS — ELEGANTLY FUR-
X~X\JV nlshed parlor floor; complete for house-
keeplng: piano.. J — "«u«r-
'■;.;T' KOO3IS .TO , LET. , ':
Anthony Street.
BANTHON\, OFF MISSION, NR. SECOND—
Sunny furnished rooms; 75c per week.
-- Brannan Street.
499 BRANNAX — FURNISHED ROOM
tr__i with use of stove. $1 per week.
79" BRANNAN, ABOVE SIXTH-SUNNY
I *JO kitchen and bedroom, furnished; $7.
••- '- ■-:■'-:' '-■
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY 3, 1896.
. . ROOMS TO ■ LET-Conttnaed.
Bush Street.
£»9C BUSH— 2 NICELY Ft RNIHUED ROOMS
D— D for housekpg; also 1 room for 2 gentlemen.
797 BUSH— NICELY .FURNISHED ROOMS,
1 — I double and single; light housekeeping.
-j Q-l 9 BUSH— ELEGANTLY FURNISHED
xOXZi suite of rooms; private family; also
others; with or without board. / '
Eddy Street.
QQ7" EDDY— 2 SUNNY UNFURNISHED
00 I rooms: suitable for housekeeping: $12.
: tieiit h snuet. ' .
SHERMAN APARTMENT HOUbE, 28 BTH
at., near Market; furnished and unfurnished. ,
Ellis Street.
mHE RAMONA, 130 ELLIS: MRS. KATE 8.
1 MART, manager— A quiet house; centrally lo-
cated; newly furnished; elevator; hot cold water.
Everett Street.
a c EVERETT-FURNISHED rooms $3, $4
t:i> and $8 per month. • '■>
Folsom Street.
7QC FOLSOM-$6 MONTH; SINGLE SUN NY
I OO furnished front room. ■ •
QOX FuLSOM — LARGE SUNNY FRONT
000 room; newly furnished: use of bath; $8.
1 ZfiOl FOLSOM— 2 FURNISHKD UK UN-
XOXJ^.'S furnished; suitable for housekeeping.
Garden Street.
91 1 GARDEN— 3 ROOMS TO LET CHEAP.
/ilg J. DESMOND.
Geary Street. ;..'.;,;
91 Q QEARY— LARGE, FRONT ROOM, SUIT-
tiXO able for business. Key 217.
791 GEARY— LARGE HANDSOMELY FUR-
• — X nisbed alcove room; suitable for gentleman;
reaso able. . ■
HE MARTINET HAS CHANGED HANDS;
X handsomely furnished suites, single rooms, $10
per mo. up. 1101 Geary. SW. cor. Van Ness aye.
Golden tiate Avenue.
QOn GOLDEN GATE AYE.— LARGE SUNNY
O^l/alcove;2 guts orcouple;s2o;also slngle,sBnp
• •oujfii street.
91/1 GOUGH — 2 UNFURNISHED SUNNY
rooms.
Harrison Street.
£9Q HARRISON - NICE SUNNY ROOM;
U-JO good location.
Howard Street.
f»KA HOWARD — NICE, SUNNY, SINGLE
\JO\J room: suitable for gentleman.
7/1 7 HOWARD— SUNNY FRONT DOUBLE
111 an single room? : also light housekeeping.
0901 HOWARD. NEAR FJ FTH-UNFUR-
V*—O% nished alcove room ; bay-window; grate;
large closet; running water; cheap.
I (\CiQ HOWARD - HOUSEKEEPING AND
IUUO sin«le rooms.
"1 HOWARD — LARGE SUNNY. BAY.
X _i>l window room suitable for one or two;
also small front room, $5; every convenience.
Hubbard Street. .
9AI HUBBARD, BET. FOLSOM AND HOW-
<iv3 ard. Second and Third— Nicely furnished
front room, with bath, $6 month.
Hyde Street.
70QB HYDE, NR. POST — NICELY FUR-
I \J U nished sunny room: use bath: private fam.
.'ones ntreet.
m JONES— NICELY FURNISHED LARGE
sunny room: private; $12.
907 JONES- THE VAN WINKLE: NEW
«-v7 I manacement: elegant sunny suites and
■Ingle; newly furnished : bath, etc; $10 to»3U.
earn jr Street.
A BIJROTOS HOUSE, 127 KEARNY— PLEAS* '
A aiit sunny rooms, en suite and single; first class
in tvery respect; terms reasonable. .
Larkln Street.
OOC LARKIN — 3 CONNECTING ROOMS,
O_»LI furnished complete for hoasekpg; central.
Ql Ql LARKIN — ALCOVE SUITE; SUIT-
UXt'a able for 2 gentlemen or man and wife;
light bouse-< eplng ; $12.
Linden Avenue.
O"! LINDEN AYE. — FURNISHED FRONT
OX room.
Market Street.
YOSEMITE HOUSE. 1045 MARKET— PER
X night, 36c to $1 ; week. $1 50 to $5: families.
Martha Place.
6 MARTHA PLACE. OFF GEARY ST., ABOVE
Mason— Sunny room; or 2: $8.
.McAllister Street.
_f|Q MCALLISTER ST.-3 ROOMS, BATH,
ttvO large yard; rent $10.
.Mum:, Mrcut.
"I 79 MINNA — NEAT L V FURNISHED
X I _. rooms; 75c and $1 per week.
norj MINNA. CORNER EIGHTH— NEWLY
\J\J I furnished bay-window rooms; $1 a week.
3i 1 ssion_t. reei.
O-\ O MISSION — NICELY FURNISHED
vHiMvoms; 15c to 60c per night: $ltos2 week.
<"«Q7 MISSION-FURNISHED OR UNFUR-
UO I nlshed rooms: cheap.
7f«Q MISSION - A FINE SUNNY ROOM
I \tO with stove and double bed, .
I 1 Q7 mission— 2 bay-window SUITS;"
J-JLOI sunny; nicely furnished; alsoblngle: rea-
sonable.
UKOPE HOUSE. 1169 MISSION-NICELY
furnished rooms, single or en suite: transients.
Ninth Street.
mNINTH-LARGESUNNYFRONTROOM;
L Jt « well furnished ; reasonable.
Oak Street.
"1 _ OAK-LARGE FURNISHED ROOM, SUIT-
XT: able for 2 gentlemen.
O' barrel I street.
199 O'FARRELL — NICELY FURNISHED
I __ room for a gentleman; all rconveniences-
central ; $7. r. ,;
Ol}\ O'FARRELL— ELEGANTLY. FUR-
VJ+j L niched suits and single rooms in handsome
private residence.
Olive Avenue.
QftfU OLIVE AYE.. NR. ELLIS AND FlLL-
\J\J\)'i more sts. — Large front room suitable for 2.
. Pine Street.
£91 PINE-ROOMS IN SUITE OR SINGLE:
U—.JL $6 up: grate: gas: running water.
Polk Street.
1 7 POLK— FRONT BAY-WINDOW ROOMS
X I or single, $5 up; also housekeeping.
11QQ POLK. COR. SUTTER, ST. HELEN'S
-1 XOO building— Furnished and unfurnished
sunny front rooms: reasonable.
1 -Oft 1 POLK — NICELY FURNISHED
.LtV/Ojj sunny front suite; gentlemen or couple.
; Post Street.
CAQ POST— NICELY FURNISHED SUNNY
O\JO parlors, lower floor; also single rooms cheap.
■ Scott Street.
17111 SCOTT. BET. UTTER AND BUSH—
1 I 11? Furnished sunny front alcove room;
with gas: suitable for 1 01 2 gentlemen.
-,\'~.\ Sixths, reet.
901 SIXTH— FRONT PARLORS
— 'Oa nicely furnished. : ■ .
1 09 1 SIXTH— FURNISHED ROOMS SUIT-
X\JA% able for gentlemen. MRS. L. DEAN.
9_9 SIXTH— DOUBLE ROOM, BUIT-
Zi'-Xi. able for 2 gentlemen; $6 per month.
AH !\ SIXTH — SUNNY DOUBLE ROOMS;
rt\JO running water; bath; large garden.
Stevenson Street.'.
_l 9C STEVENSON, NR, FIFTH— ELEGANT
rr£.O large rooms; yard; basement; first floor.
'' Stockton •street.
_l"l 7 STOCKTON— SINGLE FRONT ROOMS
tt X I $6 or $6; also housekeeping..
1 9.1 A STOCKTON—SUNNY FRONT ROOMS;
lull single: en sulie: also doctor's office; cheap.
•-. Milter Street.
r AO SUTTER— FURNISH ED RUNNY FRONT
O\JJj room, suitable for offices. .
70/« SUTTER-3 SUNNY FRONT ROOMS; 6
I-U minutes' walk from Kearny; furnished to
suit tenants; gentlemen only; references; private
family..' . . . • •
1 I 1 "I T T R —NICELY FURNISHED
111 rooms; single or en suite; : terms reason-
able. -- . - -. - . ■ .. ■ ■■ -
■ Taylor Street.
1 fiQ TAYLOR— SUNNY AND LARGE QUIET
X\JU rooms: closet, water, etc.; $2 a week. .
Tehaina Street.
mTEHAMA-FRONT ROOM FURNISHED
Oil for 1 or 2: some cooking; rent $6. • -
A A Q~TEHAMA — LARGE SUNNY front
a"I O room, well ' furnished; every convenience.
Tenth Street..
m TENTH ST., NEAR MARKET— LARGE
sunny rooms, housekeeping or board. : , •
,'. liiird Street. •
WINCHESTER HOUSE-44 THIRD, NEAR
Market: most convenient and respectable- 200
rooms 26c to $1 60 par night: *1 60 to $6 per week;
electric lights m every room: reading I'm : free bus.
Turk Street.
1 IC* TURK-BEAUTIFUL SUNNY SUITE:
X X\J newly : furnished; . single; with convenien-
ces; board optional, . ■ .
ROOMS , TO LET— Continued. .
Twelfth Street.
A TWELFTH, CORNER" MARKET— NICELY
j: furnished front room; $5 a month. "■■•-■-' ■'
Van Ness' ATenue.
OA9 VAN NESS "AYE. — NICELY FUR
ova nished sunny room: closet, etc.
£.1 O VAN NESS A VE.-ELEG ANT SUNNY
ux*j parlor floor, complete for housekeeping: 2
other rooms. • :
9f\9JV VAN NESS AYE.-LOWER PART OF
■L.U4jtJ house. 4 furnished rooms, bath and laun-
dry; hot and cold water; two entrances. -.-
Miscellaneous.
TO LET-A HANDSOMELY FURNISHED
alcove-room In private family, best part of
western Addition: references exchanged. Address
J. L., box 7. Call Office. ____I__.
SAUSALITO — LARGE GROUNDS; GOOD
view; single or more; whole floor if desired.
BUTLER. >hiloh, Saonalito.
/^ -BOARDING AND KOOMS.
TARGE SUNNY FRONT ROOM, WITH
-i dressing-room, for 1 or 2 gentlemen, in a re-
fined private family; breakfast served if desired;
convenient to all cars; 10 minutes' walk to town;
references exchanged. 815 Eddy st. .
WO NICE |SUNNY FRONT ROOMS, WITH
Aor without board; Also single rooms. 508 Va
Jessie st., near Sixth. '
oof: post, NR. HYDE-NICELY FURNISHD
VOO large front room: . good board; 1 or 2 gents.
09 x MISSION-GOOD BOARD, with OR
KJim\J without room, reasonable.
fO|\ - LA~ROE FRONT KOOM AND BOARD;
qp.^l/. private family. 217 Fifteenth au
lAI 9 HYDE - SUNNY SUITE, WITH
X^XX-j board for 3, 38; single. $18. - .'
COO TURK— SUNNY AND NICELY FUK-
O&tO nlshed rooms, with or without board.
q9?:hyde— quiet AND homelike SUN-
O±.*J ny suites with first-class board. MRS. T.
W. BROTH ERTON.
719 POST- PLEASANT ROOM, WITH GOOD
• X4d home cooking, for 2 young men, ?20; boara
without room, $16.
1 401 VAN NESS AYE.-A sunny suite;
J-j-UX single rooms, with good board.
1 71 A CLAY-SUNN Y~KUITE OF ROOMS,
X I X a: newly furnished, with board.
"VTICELY FURNISHED ROOMS; UNBUR-
xI passed for neatness and comfort; 50c, 75c and
£1 per day; *2, $2 80, $3 per week and up; $8 to
*30 mo. Hackmeler's Hotel. GEO.GRUENIG, Pr.
BEST TABLE BOARD IN THE CITY; $4 50
week. $16 a month, at Hackmeler's Hotel.
HAC KM HOTEL. 123-129 EDDY ST.;
new manacement: GEORGE ORUENIG, pro-
prietor: board and room $5 and $6 a week and up.
HOTEL BERTLING. 714 BL'SU-A FAMILY
hotel: references given and required; all mod-
em conveniences.
A WEEK'S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS — THI»
\v EEKLY CALL, in wrapper, for mailing.
CHILDREN BOARDED.
X\T A^NTErnTo^?E~^R^\v"o~CHI LDRK N TO
" board: good home. 1043 / i Valencia st.
ll r ANTED-LITTLE CURL TO BOARD: RE-
*' spectable family; sunny home. Address W.,
box 162. CallOffl c. '
HOTEL TO LET.
HOTEL TO LET-THE WILHELM TELL
House. 317-319 Bush st.; this well-known ho-
tel Ik thoroughly renovated, considerably un-
proved and compares with the best second-class
hotel in this town. MADISON A Bt'HKE.
_^^^JTOKES TO LET.
TO-LET — NEW -STORE, WITH LIVING-
room and bath; also new upper fiat ot 7 rooms
and bath; Market St.. bet. Noe and Sanchez: rent
reasonable. WILL E. FISHER & CO., 14 Post st.
Olji C LARGE STOBeTaND 4 ROOMS. AP-
tZZ)XO. ply 1433 Valencia st.
pOTTAGE OR BRANCH BAKERY TO LET;
V / cheap; $11. Twentieth st., near Castro.
OFFICES TO LET.
DESK ROOM IN A PLEASANT SUNNY OF-
(ice in the Crocker building, with services of a
competent stenographer. Address Business, box
78. Call Office. ,
CALIFORNIA SAFE DEPOSIT BUILDING—
\J Offices $10 and upward, including janitor's ser-
vices, heat, electric and gas lights. Apply at room
622 to A. E. BUCK I A M.
OPRKCKELS BUILDING, 927 MARKET—
O Elegant sunny offices. $12 50 up; electric-light;
heating and janitor service free. Apply at building
or G. H. 1 MKSK.N & CO.. 14 Montcomery st.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
LADY HERE FROM LOS ANGELES AND
going East in a few days. in need of funds,
must sell her beautiful. Hurdman upright; has
magnificent tone like a grand piano: beautiful
case: perfect condition: a rare chance for any one
appreciating a very superior instrument. Room
10, Flood building. Fourth aud Market sts.
900 NEW FIRST-CLASS UPRIGHT FOR
«Jp— \J\J. sale on $5 Installments. 221 Leaven-
worth st.
A NNUAL MAY CLEARANCE SALE OF
-l\- pianos and musical goods; everything »old
cheap this month. MAUVAIS', 769 Market st.
MAGNIFICENT STKCK PIANO, FINE CON-
■i-'X dition, will be sacrificed at once. Room 21,
809 Market st. : ■ ,
CHOICE STEINWAY; MUST BE DISPOSED
\J of at once. Room 10. 809 Market su : ; :--..:
T^INE UPRIGHT PIANO FOR SALE CHEAP;
» ' first class; Eastern manufactured; can be seen
at 801 leaven worth St., cor. Sutter; no reasonable
cash offer refused.
SHERMAN, CLAY & CO,, STEINWAY REP-
-0 resent atives, show the largest assortment of
pianos and organs in the West: all grades and
prices; easy monthly payments: everything guar-
anteed as represented. Kearny and Sutter.
EFORE BUYING SEE HAINEBROS.', bush
JJ it Gerts' and Knabe pianos; at wholesale
prices. A. L. BANCROFT <& CO., 324 Post St.
BIGGEST BARGAIN EVER OFFERED FOR
Stein way upright; perfect. 1359 Folsom st.
SHAW, $575; BTEINWAY. $216; SQUARE,
*-5; rented $2 up. HEINE, 136 Ellis st.
1 KCKER BROS.. BTEINWA V, FISCHER ANO
XJ other -class makes of pianos; little used:
cheap for cash or on easy terms. K.OHLKR a
CHASE. 28 and 30 O'Farrell st.
Easy Terms; LOW i- kicks, KOULER &
J CHASE. ,
ffl» 1 Or; EASTERN UPRIGHT 3-STRINGED
XO<). Weber; $350. BRUEN'N. 228 Post st.
ftl')K UPRIGHT PIANO: GOOD CONDI-
<D i — «-». lion; cash or installments. 106 Mc-
A Ulster st. ■,
fife OX PIANO; GOOD CONDITION. SCHMITZ,
'WOO* 16 McAllister st.. next Hlbernla Bank.
LL YOU WANT IS VALUE FOR YOUR
money; Investigate these prices and be con-
vinced; the new seven-bar autoharp $«: the five-
bar autoharp $4; a seventeen inlaid rosewood
ribbed, mandolin #6 25; the urize-wlnner guitar
$3 25; solid walnut and oak organs, new, $47 50;
elegant new upright pianos in any style case, wal-
nut, mahogany, oak, $187: one trial will convince
you. J. HARRY SCOTT, 929 Market st., Spreck-
el's building.
A RRIVED— LOT OF. CELEBRATED HIGH-
-*»- grade T. L. Neumann pianos: price* and terms
moderate. H. LUEDERS. 82 Ninth st.
\k- M. G. BADGER. 26 O'FARRELL. ROOM 1.
*» first floor: sole agents ll allot A- Davis pianos;
pianos, organs sold for cash or Installments.
C ONOVKtt PIANO: AS »ToO D AS NKW-
great sacrifice. Th» *•. W. SI'KNCKH COM-
PANY, 338 Post sL
/ 1 1 1 ' X R I NO, KNABK. BTECK.VOBE. STER.
V ling pianos; see our new piano lor $187 ; pianos
:or renL BENJ. CURTAZ <fc SON. 16O'Farr«li.
<Bi I 7*^ CASH OR INSTALLMENTS: WEBER
jP i- 10. upright; perfect order. 1019 Van Ness.
YRON MAUZY, 308 POST ST.— SOHMER,
XJ J»ewby & Evans, Hiigga and other .pianos. . ■'-
QUPERIOR VIOLINM. ZITHERS. OLD* NKW
O H. MOLLER. maker, repairer. '.' Latham place.
nH'EAPEST AND BERT IN AMERICA— THB
11 V*'*' K L> CALL, sent to any address in the
«re free tCS or Canada one . year for 9 1 C 0» P oBl '
EDUCATIONAL.
m** MSH. F KENCH, OEKM AN ; MODERATE.
OAlelsterschaft School Languages. 122 O'FarreU st
ISAAC PITMAN SCHOOL OF SHORTHAND:
X Individual instruction. MISS 11. HARPER,
room 10, fourth floor. Mills building. ■ .■
* ANO LESSONS, ' 260 AN HOUR. M., BOX
to, Call Office. -./.' ■'■:? • :
AIRS. MKLVILLE SNYDER. BTUDIO 514
x»-i hutter; teacher vocal music, piano, elocution;
dramatic elocution a specialty vocal Shakspearean
classes; skirt-dancing, minuet, gavotte, etc.' Vocal
classes resumed Monday at 8 p. m.; $1 per month.
"\roiCE-BUILDIMJT~PANTOMIME AND ACT-
> Ing. LEO COOPER, 814 Geary st.
pROFESSOR G. MANSFIELD, TEACHER OF
J- violin, guitar, mandoline, banjo. 1707 Market.
A YRES', THE LEADING SHORTHAND COL-
-c^. lego, 325 Montgomery sl; Individual Instruc-
tion m shorthand, typing, bookkeeping, etc.; life
scholarship $50; low rates per week and month.
h < i oK ib ' 0 ' WRUNG, ARITHMTC, RAM R.
IJ day Anight; no classes; $5 month. 826 Mission.
c uitar mandolinTTpiXno and vocjal
VJ lessons: $3 mo. MARY WESTH AUS, 39 Fifth.
S PAN i SH ' FRENCH ACADEMY. CASTILIAN
___and^ Parisian. 3 lessons w. ; $3 m. Maze bid, r.37.
•DOOKKEEPINO TAUGHT PRACTICALLY,
XJ better than in any college on earth; 6 wks: no
one teaches my rapid calculations. T ARR.659 Mkt.
H 00 *? LYCEUM SCHOOL OF ACTING—
n^«tn2r al l. i. eatricalB arranged; pupils rehearsed
on stage. R. 6 and 12. 1.0.0.1? block. 7th and MkL
QCHOOL ELECTRICAL, CIVIL, MINING, MB-
kJ chanlcat engineering, surveying, architecture
assay; estab. _ 64. VAN DER NAILLEN, T»»acS
H AL B * »ihbBk COLLEGE, 24 POST ST.
i^in 1 c i ln buslneis practice, shorthand,
typing, electrical engineer: telegraphy, inodsra
lancuagea rapidly taught. ■ Write tor catalogue.
JV'I«iMTtH;UOOL;UEALDaBUB.COLLKUB:24
Xi Post: commercial, shorthand. English : low r»'<n
"I^IOLIN. MANDOLIN, CELLO, BANJO: REA-
V sonable. PROF. FRANCIS. 1046% Valencia.
PERSONALS.
C A^LL T^l^^T^E^JTlb^olFTH PERSON
X that is interfering In the pursuits of life that I
chose to follow that they had better attend to their
own business and let other people's business alone.
ROBEKT LOURIE. ..
VOUNOWOMAS WISHES THE ACQUAINT-
| X ance of gentleman for financial assistance, with
good security and Interest; no tritiers need apply.
Address M., 106 Taylor st. ■ . ' ; --..-'. .- • ■
MAMMA — I AM SICK; PLEASE COME
home. MIDGE, 422.
I. DECSI ..'..- ;"
• (Late of Paris and London).
DESIGNER OF STANDARD SYSTEM
» ■ ■■ ■ ■ IN
LADIES' GARMENTS, CAPES, ETC..
Will teach above method at customer's domicile
if required.
For Information and prices inquire at 1714 Post
street. ■■ : -. .. •■-.,» ■
Patterns of any design promptly executed.
H, DON'T YOU REMEM BER SWEET ALICE,
Ben — how nicely her hair was always
dressed? They say it as done at LEDERER'S,
. 11l Stockton St., and cost only 25 cents.- ■ ■
Si F. GARRISSERE, LADIES' HAlR-
dressing parlors, 761 Sutter St., near Jones.
EMOVED — MRS. R. 1 J. STACY, DRESS-
maker. 411 Post st. to 108 Stockton st.
/CHIROMANCY (PALMISTRY) TAUGHT
V; and the hang read; from 50c. 1422 Hyde st.
ANCING— BALLROOM OR STAGETAUGHT.
IRVINE'S, 927 Mission St., opp. U. S. Mint.
T>AG CARPETS WOVE TO ORDER, SALE;
-IV also chenille-wove rugs, silk-rag portieres : deal-
er In carpet twine in hank or chain at lowest rales.
GEO. MATTHEW. 709 Fifth st. Oakland, Cal.
SKTKOZYNSKI, THE LEADING LADIES'
. hair-dresser, removed to 24 Geary st. Popu-
lar prices. _l___i
ILL JAMES Rl WELSH, RAILROAD
»» brakeman, formerly of Columbus, Ohio, and
St. Paul, Minn., communicate with the under-
signed at once. C. K. BRAY, General Agent Chi-
cago <fc western Railway, 2 New Mont-
gomery st., .San Francisco.
R. DUCKETT, 1703 POST ST.. NEAR BU-
cjoitnan; gas given; crown and bridge work.
DVICK FREE; DIVORCE LAWS A B l'K-
clalty; private: no charge unless successful; all
law suits, claims, collections, wills, de»ds, etc, at-
tended to. G.W. HOWE.atty-at-law. 850 Market st
•rpHE" ONLY SUPERIOR WHITE-ENAMEL
1 letters and house umbers; wholesale and re-
tail. 307 O'Farrell St.. 6. F.
ttal r DRESSED, WAVED, face MADE UP,
XX 25c; shampoo, 25c; manicure, 25c: lessons
given; face preparations. MRS. 15 111. 1 31 Post.
T OW PRICE — 25c FOR HAIRDKi-..*--! N< :
XJ does not mean inferior work in my case; I
have the very best artists in the city in my em.
ploy ana 1 give the most satisfactory and up-to-
date service. G. LEDERER, 111 Stockton st.
Fry OF Paris LAUNDRY, FORMERLY 132
Geary, removed from Larkln st. to 119 Stock-
ton nrst-class laundry. MRS. JAUSSAUD.
C» I A KOOM: CAKPKTS CLEANED ON THIS
«gji- floor. '-'OB Leavenworth su
TJIG OUTDOOR STEREO PT ICON SHOW EVE-
XJ 17 night cor. Market and Sixth sts. : artistic ad-
vertisements in living light; promoters of busl-
ness. Consult OWL ADV. CO.. 1140 Market st.
MAUD— COMMERCIAL " TRANSFER
Company will move your trunk for 25 cents.
Office 43 Sutter St., phone main 49. SAM.
DR. FRANK CORNWALL. REMOVED FROM
227 Geary to V.M.C.A. bldg.r. 2,tfel.maln 5477.
ELECTRIC LIGHTS IN EVERY ROOM— WIN-
Xj chester House, 44 Third St., near Market; 200
rooms, 25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to $6 per
week; free bus to and from the ferry. ■■ . ■ ■
ASK YOUR DRUGGIST FOR VERMONT
Hair Wash: cures scalp diseases: take no other.
/CHEAPEST AND BEST; GET OUR FIGURES
V for paper-hanging and painting. Co-operative
PaDer-hanglng Company, 635 McAllister st.
LD GOLD. SILVER, GENTS' AND LADIES'
clothing bought. COLMAN. 41 3a. cor. Jessie.
T>ARTINIiTON'S SCHOOL OF MAGAZINE
X and Newspaper Illustration; day and evening
classes; instructors, J. It. E. Partington. Gertrude
l'artington.K.L. Partington. Particulars 424 Pine st
HE ECONOMY" MILLINERY. RED FRONT.
J. 40, 46 Sixth; children's school hats 6c.; dyed,
pressed 25c; hats trimmed 25c; feathers curled 5c
"1 linfl CARDS, *1 60: SHOW CARDS, -15c:
1 \ >\J\J teL Black 141. HILL. 22 Geary St.. r. 39.
T IBERAL ADVANCES ON DIAMONDS, JEW-
XJ elry, etc : lowest rates. 948 Market st.
riLOAKS, CAPES ANI* SUITS RETAILED AT
\J mfrs' rout. " Factor^. 'JO San«om<» nr. unstalr*
DKESSMARKKS.
DRESSES $2 UP; WRAPPEKS 35 CENTS UP:
lawn $1 up. 505^4 Naioma St.. above sixth.
ATTOKNEYB-AT-LAW. ~~
I~~' ETplnLTlpSruTsrXN i 1 1 .VI E COURTS'
J. damage suits; law of probate and divorce:
charges moderate. OlUccs, 508 California st.
ADVICE FREE— DIVORCE LAWS A SPECI-
-ML ally; private: no charge unless .successful; all
law suits, claims, collections, wills, deeds, etc., at-
tended to. G. W. HUWE. att'y-at-law. 850 Market.
MJ. NOLEN,' ATTORNEY-AT-LaW. 719
. Market st. ; vice free.
J. MURRAY, ATT 1 V AND COUNSELOR AT
. law, advice free. 14 Sixth St.. rooms 14, 15.
\\T W. DAVIDSON, ATTORNEY-AT-LAW, 42O
*' . California su. rooms 14 and 15: advice free.
PH KBUUANK ~
pEMOVBD— DR. C. C. O'DONNELL TO 1206
JL V Market st. ; diseases of woman a specialty.
ON'T FAIL. CONSULT DR. JORDAN AT
his museum, 1051 Market st. ; his 30 years'
successful practice is a guarantee of fair treatment;
the worst cases treated satisfactorily by mull.
SEWING MACHINE^
<B{C UPWARD; RENT $1 60 TO $1 75
1 *i?O monthly; repairing 25c; bought and ex-
changed; needles for all machines. 145 Sixth st.
A LL KINDS BOUGHT. SOLD. EXCHANGED^
A rented, repaired ; lowest rates. 205 Fourth st.
LEGAL notices.
"j>T^icE"~OF~ASsIoNEE ; S^ sale^under
xi and by virtue of an order of sale made by the
Superior Court of Sonoma County, California, on
April 25, 1896. in the matter of O. M. CAMP- i
BELL, an insolvent debtor, I. as the assignee of
1 the estate of said insolvent, will sell at private
sale for cash to the highest bidder, subject to con- I
' firmation by the said court, at
12 O'CLOCK MERIDIAN ON MAY 9. 1896.
At the »tore .no. 859 Main street. In Petaluma,
California, where the salrl goods, wares and mer-
chandise are, all the stock of goods, wares and
i merchandise of the said insolvent estate, con- j
] sistlng of clocks, watches, jewelry, gold and
silverware and the like: bids to be scaled and be
accompanied by 10 per . cent of the bid In cash
or good chock certified by a local bank. The same
will be sold all in one lot, if sufficient bid be
made for same, and -I reserve the right to reject
any mid all bids. If the whole of said stock be not
then sold in one parcel I will at once proceed to 1
sell the same at private sale in lots for fash to the I
] bluest bidder, with right to reject any and all
; bids.
Fr.itn'and after 12 o'clock meridian on said May
| 9, 1H96. I will sell at private salt- forcasn. In pieces,
nil the fixtures, showcases, safe and furniture be-
longing to said estate, and tit the same time and
Place I will sell all In one lot anil at private sale
fMrr.ish, subject to confirmation by said court, all
the outstanding accoun:s. bills and 'book accounts
I belong! nt to said estate. . - - '
The proper y to be sold can be seen by applying
j to me at 1064 Sixth street, in the town of Peta-
-1 luma. California.
This April 25, 1896. - -
11. F. SMITH, AssUnee.
JAKES W. OATES. Attorney for Assignee. An
inventory of the stock can be seen at me office of
W. RIG BY. attorney, ISO gaaaoa c street.
DE PA RTM ENT NO. 9, PROBATE— IN THE
Superior Court in and for the city and County
of "an Francisco, State of California.
In the matt, of the estate of JKAN LACOSTE,
i deceased. No. 17.239.
Notice is hereby given that FRIDAY, the 16th
day or May, A. D. 1896. at 10 o'clock a. M. of said
day, and the courtroom of Department No. 9 of
said court, at the New. City Hall, In the City and
County of San Francisco, state of California, have
j been appointed as the time and place for. proving
the will of said JKAN LACOSTE, deceased, and
: for hearing the application of JEAN PIERRE
j THEoFUILE LACOSTK, for the issuance to him
1 of letters testamentary thereon. !
Dated April 30. A. D . 1896.
■ [seal] CHARLES F. CURRY, Clerk.
■ By V. F. Nobthhop, Deputy Clerk.
P. A LEX AND RE BBBOKROT, attorney for
petitioner, rooms 142-143, Crocker building, San
Francisco. -
A SSIGNEE'S SALE OF PERSONAL PROP-
-fi- erty.
AT AUCTION. .
I will sell at auction on Wednesday, th« 6th day
of May, 1896, at 11 o'clock a. m., at the pottery of
A. STEIGER SONS in insolvency, at South San
Francisco, San Mateo County, < alirornla, all sewer-
plpe. 'terra cotta, material, drainpipe, firebrick,
common brick, horses, wagons, carts, one 42-foot
piledriver. etc., etc .' I will also sell at auction on
May 11, 1896, at 2p. m., at Ihe corner of Eighth
and Market streets, ban Francisco, Cal., terra-
cotta ware of said insolvents consisting of chimney-
tops, vas caps, etc. For further information see
list on bulletin board at the office of the S. F. Board
of Trade, 202 Market st. '
J. H. LYNDON, Assignee of A. STEIGER
SON'S in Insolvency. '
/_ PROPOSALS. . . ; 1 1
V>ROPOSALJ* FOR RAISING^ AND '^KN-
X Urging a . school building, . for heating and
ventilating a school building, for building- a
concrete bulkhead : and ■ for constructing water
closets. — Sealed proposals will be received by the
I Superintendent of Common Schools, in open ses-
sion ot the 1 Board of Education, new City Hall,
San Francisco, on WEDNESDAY, May 13, 1896,
at 8:30 o'clock i; x., tor railing and enlarging tbe
Bt-rnal Heights Primary School building, for beat-
ing and ventilating said building: j for reconstruct-
ing a concrete bulkhead at tbe North Cosmopoli-
tan-Grammar School,' and constructing water
closets at the Columb a Grammar and Harrison
Primary schools, in accordance with . plans and
specifications (and conditions named therein) at
the office of. CHARLES I. HAVKNS, architect of
the board, room 65, Flood building, corner Fourth
and Market streets. The boanl reserves the right
j to reject any or all bids as the public good may re-
qulre.- -• HE ■RHKIi A.NSTON. Secretary. «-
.- BICYCLES.
DARK CYCLERY— NEW WH EELS TO _J3t7
X best accommodations. Terminus Geary, Mc-
Allister and Powell st. car lines. ' - '
MONEY TO - LOAN.
CC. HICKOK &■ CO., 873% MARKET ST.,
• loans money at lowest rates. • - - -
~\M OKTGAGES, LOANS ON COLLATERAI S;
i.>± low rates. Sylvaln Saloman «fc C 0.,328 Montgy
DIRECT ON YOUR FURNITURE OR PIANO:
no removal: no delays; no commissions:' low
interest. Km. 68, Douohue bldg, 1170 Market st.
OAKLAND LOANS ON ' FIRST MORTGAGES
\J on improved real' estate can be received on
short notice *t current rates of interest. Apply to
HUGH M. CAMERON, 479 Ninthst., Oakland. :
©innfiTO $3000 TO LOAN ON REAL
tip lvUl/ estate on installments. Address Prin-
cipal, box 74, Call Office. ■ .
C»IAA (\f\(\ TO LOAN on LIFE INSUR-
1 UU.UUU ance policies. JOSEPH B. TOP-
LITZ, 330 Pine. ■ - '
BIG CAPITAL IN TRUST AT 6 PERCENT;
the same rate on a 2"d mortgage or any other
security, or across the bay. Coin, box 19, Ca1l Office.
T OANH ON FURNITURE, PIANOS AND
-Li diamonds: confidential. Room 107, 6 Eddy st
IST* 2D~MORTGAOES; INTERESTS IN EB-
--Lutes;lowest rates :no delay .MURPHY, 62B MrkU
A DVANCESONDIAMONDS.JEWELHY. ETC
J\ Columbia Loan A 1 .'oil at era! Office. 9 Gram aye.
ANY AMOUNT: IST, 2D or 3D MORTGAGES:
jCX estates, undivided Interests, real estate in pro-
bate. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, rooms 2-3.
. , u.Nr. » LOAMS.D US JEWELRY AND
lVi other valuables at the Security Loan Office,
32O6Marketst..nr. Mason: private *ntran<*H 7 Turk.
_~ fAAVXItKOKEUS.
T 128 KEARNY ST.. ROOM 9— MONBY
loaned, watches, diamonds, etc.; low rates: pit-
vale rooms: elevator: pledges for sal 1 cheap.
' money wasted.
\\T ANTED— TO borrow $1500, secured
ft by a mortgage on $7000 - first-class furniture.
Address Cabot, box 79, Call Office. ______'
Q?O(\t\f\ mortgage FOR sale: OREGON
»35OUUU farm: 10 jer cent Interest. HEN-
MXii, 835 enpp a:.
DENTISTS.
R^L. T^RAN^— EXTRACTION PAINLESS,
crown work, bridge work and teeth without
plates a specialty. 103 Geary St., cor. Grant aye.
pBOOME DENTAL ASSOCIATION. 769 MA
\J ket, bet. 3d and 4th. gas specialists: only reli-
able agent for painless extraction; artificial teeth
inn $5; fillings frm $1; extracting 60c, with gas $1.
in A -IT FOR TEETH: WARRANTED A3
0 I good as can be made: filling $1. Dr. SIMMS,
dentlsi. 930 Market st.. next Baldwin Theater.
R. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 MARKET ST.,
near Eleventh: no charge for extracting when
plates are made: old plates made over like new;
teeth from $8 per set; extracting 50c; gas given.
HONEST WORK: VERY LOWEST PRICES.
DR. 11ARDCASTLE, 628 Montgomery, nn. L
ULL SET OF TEETH, $7; WARRANTED
live years. DR. V. CAVaLSKY. 24 Sixth st.
SET OF TEETH WITHOUT A PLATE. DR. H.
O. YOUNG. 1841 Polk St.
1 \R. GEORGE W. LEEK. THIS GENUINE
XJ Leek dentist, discoverer of painless extraction
and patentee of improved bridge work or teetn
without any plate, moved from 6 to 20 O'Farrell St.
T>AIKLmaB KXTRACTION. 60c; CROWN
X bridge work a specialty; plates, $5 up; 13 years'
experience. R. L. WALSH. D.D.S.. 815^4 Geary.
11K.H. H. SHAW, 224 KEARNY — BRIDUB-
XJ work a specialty; open evenings 7:30 to 9.
/ IOLTON DENTAL ASSOCIATION. 80tf MAR-
X ~J ket st. DX. CHARLES W. DECKER.
R. J. J. LEEK, 1206 MARKET, COR. GOLDEN
Gate aye.— Open evenings: Sundays till noon.
IM WORK REASONABLE AND WAS-
ranted. DR. J W. KEY. 1122 Market st.
HOTEL ARRIVALS
GRAND HOTEL
W L Pickard Jr, Sit Lake R P Probosco, Chicago
Miss Mabel Bnicp. lowa Miss L Bruce, lowa
W t: Henry, Pruder, \ eb H S Cutter * w, Sit Lake
A T Harrington, Stnrord W Anderson, w, Wis
W Purdy & w, Ukiah A Pennlnjrton, Ukiah
R R Flint, Sacto 8 Strozinsky, Saeto
X A Crinior, sacto A Bennlnpton, Sacto
Dr A T Hudson. Stocktn F A Konttidee <fe w, Or
T M Church, Amador O s X Davis, Plymouth
R Jl Bagley, lone J S O'Rourke, Amador
F H Boi;ks, Sau Rafael J Dustin <fe w, Palo Alto
E E Rowe, w, Stockton P A Huell. Stockton
G Pacheco & w, Ignuclo S D Ballow, S Ls Obispo
R I' Stephen-), Holllster J B Treadwell, Sacto
J I Alienbach, Pac Grove J H Maggard <fe f, lowa
F L Caogbey, rkiah J P >arsjent. Stockton
Thoa Cacknk, Stockton Geo F Mcßride, Siskiyou
A <; Case. lowa Mrs F E Barney A c, Mich
W B "i armU, l'lula J 11 Bcnham, Los Ang
M Paaco, Los.-Nnzeles J Hemingway. Chicago
W L Crooks. Bcnictii H B Nichols, Selby
Dr A S Wilcox A w, s-lbv E J Wilbur & w, Chicago
C C Crystal, VaeaVUla W H Buckley <t — , Cal
A N Rarron, Boston C M Z.'itt'-r, Saclo
Q II Flett. sisson J Cerf. Ventura
E Dlnkelspiel, Suisun T W Dibble, Sta Barbara
L Adlers&w, South Benu Mrs C Adlerch So Bend
I' A LACE HOTEL.
S Leon, New Yor.; C Yosnldu, Japan
G Okusoda. Japan L H Clagett, Philadelphia
Rev R L Cuntin <fe w.Cal J A Gurlsou, New Voric
J W Kunsome «fe w, N V W T Richards, San Joae
P Baird, Si Louis WH Wyman, Coronado
W T Parker it w.LoaAn ,T Green, I'ortland
Dr X Morrison «fe s.Prtld B B Hosiner <$r w, Boston
Miss M C Donayan.Bstu F H Hurlt en, Chicago
>IrsC A Hill. N V City Miss L E Jordan, s Clara
L C Oilman. Seattte J L Templin. Seattle
W G HlaU, Detroit, Mich H C Glover, New York
T Manlle & w, I'ortland Mrs G Fritch, Denver
Miss Fritch. Denver Mrs M W Gnil i c, Deny
<■ I Niscon. Nevada G W Jamt-s. Pasadena
C D stuarns. ÜB.N \V s iltiKhes, U S N
W s Joues, l'ortlund A G Stein, New Yorlc
J E steams, Idaho TM Jones Jr, Plttsburg
Mrs T M Jones, I'ittsbrg Mrs M Heath, Chicago
Mrs X Cole. Chicaao Mrs J Wood, Chicago
Mrs E liurand, Chicugo Mrs Leach, Oakland
W J SplcerA w, Detroit Miss Spicer, Detroit
C L Cullen, Ne.v York J N Burk, Han Jose
L Moore, Cincinnati J B Farish, Denqer
LICK HOUSE.
D F Douglas. Snn Jose W E Johnston, SnLsObisp
Jas Lawrence, Modesto Lee Fairchlld, St Helena
Henry spring, San Jose S Tompkins, San Jose
Wm C Brown, Martinez C A tiaight, Alameda
W H Clary sr, Stockton FOWashburn.SuAndreas
B t. Sargent, Salinas J L Hudner. Hollister
MrsJ MtTcliant.WallaW W J Merchant.WallaWal
D A Francis, Ferndale W H Kline <fe f, Detroit
J D Barai'tt, Sauta Hosa (i \S' Strohl. Napa
D Douglas. Nevada City E Johnson, Nevada City
(■. o 1' White. Sacto Mrs J Finnell dtf.Tehama
G M Met arthvA f, Chlco E P Farreii. Port Townsd
lly Roberts, Merced (i E : obtTis. .Merced
Don I' Avers. NY I) Carleton & f, Chicago
Miss W Aytrs. NY J A Fulda, Omaha
1" Hovey, Amador W Hooker <fc d. Muninez
Oscar Ltwis, N V (; P Farnsworth & f, N V
Miss J Lewis, N V Miss P E Lewis, N V
O 1' Myrtle <£ f, Chicago
BALDWIN HOTEL.
F C Allen, Sarrainento C T Sivalls, Chicago
C 8 Tilden, Chicago J J Grossman, Chicago
J L Btarr, Chicago O Hogl, Salt Lake
L S Carodbro, San Jose J T Marines, Sausalito
l)r B n «.'ase, Ckiah W Douglass, St Louis
Jir Beady, l-os Angeles E Alex, Boston
X 1 larding, Baltimore W Edmunds, Louisville
II L Sed^ley. Oakland A C: Jamar, Ohio
i> A Carrol, lowa Mrsde tiiitlerres. Sn Jose
Miss January, San Jose Miss M Myer, N V
G Blair, Chicago H Moser, Chicago
T li Bryant, ISA C F Giles, london
M st.in, Stockton 11 Buleizen, N V
C E Mitzgcr, N E Barackman, S Monica
E J Cardwell. Salt Lake J T Ryan, Vallejo
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
B L Fisher A w, Alamda C G Bennett, Portland
W H Bryson, San Jose G Samuel, Hoop«rsville
C It Bubb, Mount n View J 1, Lewis 4 w, Modesto
J L Roe, Union F C Dugan, Ottawa
Mack Brown, N V
LATEST SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE
Sailed.
SATURDAY, May 2.
Cleone, Miller .Crescent City.
-Domestic I'orts.
IVERSENS LANDING— SaiIed May 2 — Schr
Arthur I, Tor San Francisco. '
GREENWOOD-Salled Mag 2 — Stmr Whltes
boro, for .San Francisco.
Movements of Trans- Atlantic Steamers.
NEW YORK— May 2-Stmr Amain, fm
Hamburg and Havre: stmr La Bourgogne, from
Havre,
Sailed— Stmr La Bretagne, for Havre: stmr
Maasdnm, for Rotterdam: stmr Massachusetts, for
London; stmr Umbria. for Liverpool: stmr Ems,
for Genoa: stmr Parana, for Hamburg; stmr Ethi
opia, for Glasgow. .
sol THAMPTON— SaiIed May 2-Stmr Paris
for New York. •..-..
HAVRE— Sailed May 2-Stmr La Touralne, for
New York. '
GLASGOW-Salled May I— Stmr State of Cali
fornia, for New York.
M Ai.i;i.\(,i UVKHHBB.
The following marriage licenses were issued by
the County Clerk's oflice yesterday :
John J. Kane and Lizzie White, 27—27.
O. ,\. Hnnnian and Josephine Glascock, 29—28.
John c. McDonald and Edith Ruprt,24— 18
mVOKCK FKOCEEDINGS.
Complaints filed:
Ruby McGuire against William J. McGutre.
Ann Tracy against William Tiacv.
Mary Haggen against Charles Haggen.
Divorce granted :
Emily Goldsmith from Berthold Goldsmith." for
extreme cruelty: Dy Judge Hebbard.
MUMS— — OEAIiIN.
[Birth, marriage and death notices sent by mail
will not be Inserted. They must be banded In at
either of the publication offices and be Indorsed
with tbe name and residence of persons authorized
to have the sumo published.]
BORN.
BUCKNER— In this city, April 30, 1896, to the
wile of Charles Buckner, a son.
CORBETT— In this city, 31 ay 2, 1896, to the wife
of J. C F. Corbett, a son.
DOWLING-In this city, April 26, 1898, to the
wife of W. B. DowllnK, a dauehter.
EISFELDT-In Alameda, March 30. 1896, to the
wife of Theo. A. KufelUt, a daughter.
GRIMES— In this city. April 28, 1896, to the wife
of Frank Grimes, a daughter.
JENSEN— In this city, April 25, 1896, to the wife
of Charles 11. Jensen, a son.
JOHNSON-In this city. April 30. 1896, to the
wife of Edward J. Jonnson, a daughter.
POWLESON-In this city, April 30, 1896, totha
wife of George L. Powleson, a daughter.
SCULLY— ApriI 9. 1896, to the wife of Thomas E.
Scully, a daughter.
WHEARTY— In this city, ADril 26, 1898, toth«
wife of James M. Whearty. a son.
MAKKIEI).
DE3PRES- SAMUEL— In this city, April 30
1896, by the Rev. Dr. J. Nleto, Isaac Desprmof
Chicago and Hattie Sam..el of Sun Franclsro.
MOGK— NAGEL— In Oakland. April 30, IKM b -
the Rev. J. W. Theiss, nt Zion's German Evan-
gelical Lutheran Church, John Charles Moßk of
Col usa and Uelene Nasel of Oakland.
PERRY— CASANOVA — March 14. 1896, Hebrv
J. Perry and Mrs. Caroline Casanova, both of
San Francisco.
ROSF.NTHAL-LANG— In this city, April- 19
1896, by the Rev. Dr. J. Nleto, Slgi3m und ROseu.
th&l and Idella Long.
BEVERIN— ALBERGER— In this Cltv, Aprtf 27
1898. -by the Rev. Hobart Chetwood, F. Anton
Severin and Ida Alherger.
SPAULDING — FREIKRMUTH — In this city,
Aunl 27, 1896. at. St. Stephen's Church, by xv»
Rev. E. J. Lion, Herbert B. BlMMldlOf antl
Eltr.abeth M. Freierm ulh, both of San Francis a
STONE— MORRISON— At Yokohama, Av-r
1898. Walter S. Stone of Yokohama and Mr»]
AdeleC. MorrNon of Chicago.
IMJfiD.
Claressy, William Monaghan, Thomas it
Ecknrdt, Frederick C. Ott, Alphonse
Font. John Poland, Annie
Harmon. A. K. P. Rendahl, Erick
Holcomb. William A. Reinstein, Hitnon
Lanßenberßcr, Albert Ppenr, (iustavus L.
Ix>max, James D. Trixler, Joseph
Muhoney, Jeremiah Waterbury, Frank H.
CLARESSY— In Sa» Andreas, April 30, lHflfl
William Claressy, a native of St. John, N. Jl .,'
aged 74 years.
O^Frlen-ls and acquaintances are resneci.
fully Invited to attend the funeral TOMORROW
(Monday), at 2 o'clock p. m.. from tbe pai*
lors Of N. W. Leltcb A Oft, 878 Broadway, Oak-
land. Interment Mountain View Cemetery.
ECKARDT— In this city. Frederick C. Kckardt,
a native of Hamburg, Germany, aged 88 years.
KW Friends ana acquaintances are r— toot
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Sunday), et 2 o'clock p. m.. from the ;<**•
lors of the Golden Of.'c Undertaking Co., 24J9
Mission street, near Twenty-first. Interment
I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
FORD— In this city, May 1. 1808. John Ford
■ a native of Ireland, aged 70 years.
HARMON— In Oakland, April 30, 1898, A. K. P.
Harmon, a na lye of ficarboro. Me., aged 74
years 9 months and 17 days.
49~Fnends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock P. : v., from his late resi-
dence, 1568 Webster stree:, Oakland. Interment
private.
HOLCOMB ■»■ In Oakland, Cal.. April SO. 189 6.
William A. Holcomb, a native of Vermont, aßp<l
63 years nnd 4 days.
49* Friends ana acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock p. it., from the First
Presbyterian Church, corner .fourteenth and
Franklin streets, Oakland. Interment private.
Friends comlne from San Francisco will take
the 12-.4S o'clock p. m. narrow-gauge boat.
LANC.ENBEKfJER— In Jhlscity. April 80, 1896,
Albert.beloved husband of Allle E. Langenbergpr,
and father of K4na Langenberger, a native of
California, aged 32 years.
49~Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock p. it., from the par-
lors of H. OL Porter & Co., 122 Eddy street.
Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
LOMAX— In this city, April 30, 1896, James D.,
beloved husband of Mary E. Lomax, father of
Mary M. Lomax. and stepfather of .T. H., S. P.
and J. T. carter and Mrs. B. F. Steacy,
a native of Ohio, aged 76 yean. . [Ohio, Illinois,
Ogden aud Salt Lake papers please copy.]
jfctT Friends And acquaintances and members of
the Bar and J. O. U. A. M. are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Monday), at 2 o'clock p. m., from the residence
of Mrs. B. F. steacy, 1319 Twenty-fifth, street.
Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
MAHONEY— A month's mind solemn requiem
mass will be celebrated at St. Mary's Cathedral,
corner Van Ness avenue and O'r'arrell street,
TUESDAY, May 5, at 9 o'clock a. v.. for the
repose of the soul of the late Jeremiah Mahoney.
Friends and acquaintances are respectfully in-
vited to attend.
MONAGHA N— ln this city. April 30, 1896, Thomas
Henry, beloved husband of Mag?te Monashnn
(neeCheney), brother of Frank and Charles Mo-i-
-aghan. and nephew of William H. Blakely, a na-
tive of New York. a;ed 60 years. [Los Angeles
(Cal.) papera please copy.]
tCW Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock p.m., from his late
residence, 143-1 California street, lntermuu;
Laurel Hill Cemetery.
A. O. U. W.— Yerba Buena Lodge No. 14, A. O.
U. W.: Members are notified and directed to
attend at the hall of tbe lodge. Alcazar building,
THIS DAY (Sunday), at 12 o'clock v.. to at-
tend the funeral of our late brother,!'. Monag-
han. A. WIG MORK, Master Workman.
Fbed B. Wood, Recorder.
OTT— In this city, April SO. 1896. Alphonse, be-
loved son of Fred ana Carolina Ott, and brotner
of Fred, Emll, Lina, Bertha, Clara and Frida
Ott, a native of Han Francisco, aged 18 years 1
month and 21 days.
47"Friend.i and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Sunday), at 12:30o'cIock p. v. . from the resi-
dence of his parents. .5529 (old \o. 731) Twenty-
fourth street, near Guerrero, thence to St. Jame*
Church, corner Twenty-third and Guerrero
stree s. at 1 o'clocK p. v. interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
POLAND-In this city, April 30, 1896, Annie, be-
loved daughter of Mrs. C. and the late James Po-
land, and sister of Charles. Mlnne, Cassis and
Ruby Poland, a native of San Francisco, aged 18
years and 10 months. [Belfast (Ireland) and
New York City papers please copy.]
JJ3~Frieuds and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Sunday), at 9:30 o'clock a.m., from her late
residence, 253 Clara street, thence to St. Pat-
rick's Church, where services will be held for
the repose of her soul, commencing at 10
o'clock a. m. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
REINoTEIN— In this city. May 1, 1896. Simon,
beloved husband of Lydla Reinstein, and father
of Mrs. M. Hart. Mrs. H. !S. Reinstein, Mrs. H.
Bernhard and Esther, Samuel, Henry, Sarah
and Kate Reinsffn, a native of Prussia, aged 76
years 8 months and 9 days.
K9~Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Sunday) at 10:30 o'clocK a. m., from his late
residence. 408 Eddy street. Interment Hills
of Eternity Cemetery by 11:46 o'clock a.m.
train from Third and Townsend street. Please
omit Mowers.
RENDAHL— In this city, May 2, 1896. Erick
Rendahl, beloved brother of John E. Renuahl,
a native of Sweden, aged 3b years. A member
of the Scandinavian Society.
tST Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Monday), at 2 o'clock p. w.. from the par-
lors of the San Francisco Undertaking Com-
pany, 1235 Market street, near Ninth. Interment
Laurel Hill Cemetery.
SPEAR— In Santa Rosa, April 30, 1896, Gustavus ■
L. Spear, a native of Boston, Mass.,' aged 47
years. ... % . - "-,
Friends and ; acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY .
(Sunday), at 1 :30 o'clock p. m., from Masonio
Temple, corner Post and Montgomery streets.. _
TKIXLER— In this city. May 2. 1896, 'Joseph
TrlxleT, a native of Worgle, Tyrol, Switzerland,
aged 42 years and 15 days. • *** .
J¥3~Friends - and acquaintances are respect- .
fully invited to attend the funeral TOMORROW
(Monday), at 2 o'clock P. m., from the par-.
lors of H. F. Suhr <fc Co.. 1209 Mission street,
near Eighth. Interment 1. O. O. F. Cemetery.
WaTERBURY— At Ussher Town. South Africa,"
January 7. 1896, Frank H., brother of George
A. Waterbury, a native of Liverpool, England,
aged 36 years 1 month and 1 5 days. ■ .* •"
I UNITED UNDERTAKERS' 1
EMBALMING PARLORS.
Everything Requisite for First-class Funeral*
at Reasonable Rates.
Telephone South 167. ■ 27 and 29 Fifth st. }
McAVOY A CALLACHER, L«
FUNERAL DIRECTORS 4 EMBALMEBS, ,
SO Fifth St., Opp. Lincoln School. '
- Telephone 3080. -
Ua«. HCHE SOmtY. CHA9. Mc.Msnomxv.
JAMES McMENOMEV A SON. '
TODKKTAKEKS AND EMBAXMEBS.
1007 SUasion Street, Near Seventh.
- , .-. , Telephone No. 8364. __j^
JAS. ENGLISH. T. R. CAREW
CARE W & ENGLISH, J
UNDERTAKERS AND EMBALMERS. ;
FUNKKAL DIRECTOKS. •
19 V»a Ness aye., near Market St., San Francis**
Telephone so^__s_________ > __ >i ____, —^— — — «^_J^
Old and New Heroines.
The novelist may not rank as a scienti-
fic authority in comparison with tables of
vital statistics, but there is a curious and
auecestive contrast ■ between the - maiden
up to date and the heroine of the old
novelists, which in some ways, as far as
physical health and nervous stability go,
1* in favor of the former, although , Sophia'
Western would never have sunk, to the
moral level of Gallia or Mildred Lawsoa.
The • bicycling," golfing, tennis-playing:
young woman of the day seldom* com-
plains of the vapors and megrims of which
we heard a good deal in the last century. ,
I once tried to keep a record of the number
of times that Miss , Clarissa ; Harlowe
swooned in her sad career, but ■ the task
was too great. One thing is certain, thai 0
the modern girl does not swoon, either in or-
dinary life or in novels. Does she still, even
when she meets unexpectedly, a long absent
lover, "utter a fearful shriek,- ana faint in
tbe arms of her companion," like Narcissa?
All these differences indicate that the girl
of to-day has greater control over her emo-
tions, which is one indication of ! a more
stable nervous system.— Phillip Knapp,
in May Century. ■ ,
A part of New Orleans is b»low the level
S of the river.IS ANXIOUS TO
FIND HIS BRIDE
George Tate Got a Marriage
License and Then
Disappeared.
FOUND IN A HOSPITAL.
As He Had Proved Unworthy
the Lady Went Into
■ Seclusion.
HEE LOVER FELL FROM GRACE
A Shining Twenty Proved to Be
Stronger Than Love and
Religious Devotion.
• Oakland Office Sax. Francisco Call,>
.; 90S Broadway.. May 2. \
Mrs. Foulkes n"iay become Mrs. Tate —
and ;ehe may n6t. A week ago Mrs.
Foulkes was more than willing to become
• Mrs, Tate. Now 'Mr. Tate is anxious to
become tbe husband of Mrs. Foulkes, but
■the lady is considering the matter.
• -Religion and romance seem to be con
jiectfcd in this city, .ana in this story the
'• general assumption certainly holds good.
. Mrs.. Foulkes is a widow. Many years
nave passed away/since her first husband
• left this wprfd ofbroken hearts and prom
ises. . Although very near the human
-" .limit of three score and ten years the lady
".Mother Foulkes." Who Should Have
Been Married, but Is Still a Widow.
[Drawil/rom a photograph.] '
decided to try the uncertain came of
marriage just once niore. Now she is
sincerely wishing that she had been con
tent with her first venture.
Mrs. Foulkes is a rather comely old lady.
• She has a benevolent expression that, his
tory saitb, agrees with her actions. She
has great reverence for religion and could
always be found, till a week ago, in mis
sion and Salvation Army barracks. After
a long experience she decided that the
Salvation Army was her proper place and
6he at once obeyed the dictates of her
conscience arid bloomed forth as a
hallelujah lassie and .was sworn in as a
soldier.
Many conquests have been made by the
sweet-faced lassies on army platforms, but
as a rule the elderly ladies are at a dis
count, except at srocials and "big goes,"
where their standing is due to their ability
to make cakes for the banquet.
Mrs. Foulkes, however, broke all piece
dent. Her motherly appearance and reli
gious zeal attracted the attention, and
later the heart, of George Tate.
Tate was a loquacious frequenter of the
meetings, and, in . Salvationist parlance,
was too "long-winded." He is also very
excitable and his testimonies were bo
lengthy, and in many cases bo far from
the poinl and so contrary to army and all
other common doctrine that the officers
had to "sing him down" to insure the
closing of the meeting the same day it be
gan. Tate took offense at this and de
cided to transfer his allegiance to tne re
ligious organization across the entrance to
the citadel. This, is the church of Dr.
Truesdell, whose teachings are an original
adaptation of anatomy, physiology and
ecripture. Tate • soon became well
known at the new . church, because he is
given to argument and is not easily con
vinced.
Mrs. Fouikes who. after she entered the
army was known as "Mother Foulkes,"
soon found a reason- to sever her allegiance
to the militant religionists and was seen
not long afterward without her uniform.
Her friends, of coarse, said that the meet
ings lacked interest for her after the
■exodus of Mr. Tate, but Mrs. Foulkes mr
r cignantly denied this, and so it is not
known whether her reason for deserting
the ranks was due to the dictates of her
heart or her soul.
Although Tate .was a young generation
more juvenile than' Mother Fouifces he
was recognized as her "steady company"
and the date for the wedding was ulti
mately announced. George was fund
less, but the widow was not, and although
Tale's exchequer wpuld not permit of his
purchasing the necessary license to author
ize their union the small matter was not
permitted to interfere with the pro
gramme.
Mrs. Foulkes had. decided on matrimony
and it was with great satisfaction that she
drew $20 from her little bank account and
sent her admirer to the County Clerk's
office.
The record shows that the license was
issued, but after then there is a blank in
the narrative.
The remaining $18 proved too big a temp
tation to Mr. Tate, and just what followed
is not known. Three days ago George re
covered his memory in the Receiving Hos
pital. But he did not recover the balance
of the twenty. He did tina in his inside
pocket the marriage . license that should
nave made him a benedict two days pre
viously. Then, little by little, tlie* truth
dawned on him, and with the help of the
hospital steward he recollected it all.
The temptation to- see vis friends and
"smile" with them had been stronger than
the combined forces of love and religion
and— George had yielded. When taken
to the hospital he was attempting to
choie of! imaginary creeping aerial things
tbat otiiers could not s^e
It was report d .to the widow that
George had disappeared, and she did not
* expect to see him a^ain. Now he has re
turned,, but he kept out of liis fiancee's
way for a few days, and when she learned
the truth she went across the bay.
Mr. Tate is in a - ailemcia. He is anx
ious to find Mrs. Foulkes, but cannot. The
lady does not care 10 meet him, and has
changed her lodgings, and her lover is
enlisting the sympath es of all his friends
in his trouble. Tate is a blacksmith and
can earn good wages. He is very anxious
for a reconciliation, and wedding bells
may yet peal if — he can only find Mrs.
Foulkes.
HEAVY FAILURE.
Contractor Hans en File* a Petition In
Insolvency.
OAKLAND, Cal., May 2.— S. L. Hansen,
the contractor and builder of ibis city, has
filed a petition in insolvency. He did the
wood work on the new High School build
ing here, and has been engaged for some
time on a big Government contract at the
San Francisco Presidio. He owes $17,002 50.
The largest creditors are the Golden <Gate
Lumber Company of San Franci?co, to
whom he owes $6922 22, and the Fordera
Cornice Works $2720.
His Oakland creditors are: Bunham
Stanford, $1850; Pugel Sound Lumber,
$1150; P. N. Kuss, $800, and the Pierce
Hunlware Company, $380.
Hansen claims his only assets are seven
lots in Oakland and 120 acres of timber in
Lessen County, whicn is all under attach
ment by his creditors. He has no home
stead, and claims personal property
amounting to $645 as exempt. All credi
tors, except the Puget Sound Lumber
Company, claim recourse against his
bondsmen, as tne material he owes or
was used at the Presidio.
Horses .Mu-t lie Hitched.
OAKLAND, Cal., May 2.— Chief of
Police Lloyd has given public notice that
he will proceed to enforce the ordinance
which makes it a misdemeanor to leave
horses standing in the street unhitched
and providing for a $100 line or fifty days
imprisonment for its violation. He says
he has had many complaints of the dan
gerous practice of leaving teams to run
away aud kill innocent people.
At the Macdonough.
OAKLAND, Cal., May 2.— The popular
comedian, Roland Reed, in his new play,
"The Politician," will appear at the Mac
donough next Monday for one night only.
The Zanzics will occupy the remainder
of the week with their mysterious and
interesting performances, an<l Ma 3' 11
and 12 Richard Mansfield will present
"Beau Brummel" and "'Dr. Jeckyll and
Mr. Hyde."
NEW CHURCH BUILDING.
Berkeley Presbyterians to Dedi
cate Their New Place of
Worship To-Day.
New Courses at the State Univer
sity— '98's Blue and Gold
Editors.
BERKELEY, Cal., May 2.-The new
First Presbyterian Church, at the corner
of Allston way and Atherton street, erected
at a coat of $20,000, will be dedicated to
morrow. An elaborate programme of ex
ercises has been arranged for services in
the morning, afternoon and evening.
The dedicatory sermon will be preached
at the morning service by the Rev. It. F.
Coyle, D.D., of Oakland, after a dedicatory
prayer by tne Rev. H. H. Dobbins of
Berkeley. There will be Scripture reading
by the Rev. J. M. Thompson, D.D., and
Bpecial music, vocal and instrumental.
A praise service will be held in the after
noon, wheu addresses will be delivered by
the Rev. S. S. Palmer and the Rev. E. 8.
Chapman. D.D. The Rev. George B.
Hatch of the First Congregational cnurch
of Berkeley and the Rev. J. Clark Robbins
of ihe North Berkeley Congregational
church will also take part in the services.
The musical programme for the after
noon includes solos by Miss Alice Ray
mond, Fred H. Clark and William N.
Harris and a duet by Miss Edith Russell
and William N. Harris, as well aa organ
and violin music.
In the evening services the Revs. J. B.
Warren, A. M. Elston, James Hunter and
H. C. Minton, D.D., will participate, the
latter preaching the sermon.
The new church is one of the most pre
tentious edifices in Berkeley, and its in
terior finishings are artistic and comforta
ble for occupants of pews. There are in
the church eighty-six pews, affording seats
for about 500 people. The "pew rental"
system will probably be established by the
board of trustees of "the church in the near
future, fifty or more of the pews being re
served for members of the cnurch and the
rest remaining open to visitors.
The building committee of the church,
und*»r whose management the new place
of worship wss contracted for, consists of
G. G. Wickson, Robert Stewart, William
H. Hathaway and Daniel Fairbanks. In
order to build the church it has been
necessary to borrow the sum of $6.t00, all
expenses beyond that sum having been
met by the church. The Sunday-school
raised and gave into the bands of the
building committee the sum of $1000 for
the new building and has already raised
$471 34 toward another $1000 for the same
purpose.
The pastor of the church is the Rev. H.
A. Ketchum, D.D., who has been pastor
since June, 1891. The elders of tne church
are Walter E. Sill, C. K. Clark. C. P.
Hoag, J. 8. Eastman, M.D., J. W. Rich
ards and Alexander Ross. J. M. Whit
worth is president of the board of trustees,
C. K. Clark is treasurer, Charles P. Hoag
is secretary, and the other members are
J. K. Stewart, Daniel Fairbanks and Pro
fessor E. J. Wickson.
In honor of the occasion a special num
ber of the Berkeley Presbyterian, a Sun
day school paper published by the church,
was issued, containing pictures of the new
building and of the pastor. A souvenir
programme of the dedication exercises
has also been printed and will be distrib
uted among those who attend the services.
Editors Are Named.
BERKELEY, Cal., May 2.— Editor-in-
Chief G. J. Rector of 98's Blue and Gold
has selected his assistants for next year's
annual. They will have the publication
ready for the public about April 1, 1897.
Following will be the complete editorial
staff: G. J. Rector (editor-in-chief), Miss
Mary McCleave, Miss Marion Whipple.
Miss Amy L. Phelan. Miss Centennia
Barto, Miss Emily O. Rosenstirn, George
Clark, E. T. Stadtmuller, Allan Chicker
ing, Charles Osborne, E. L. Su>ele (art),
James Hopper (athletics), Philip Thayer
(camera). Steeie will be assisted by other
artists who have not yet been named.
New University Course*.
BERKELEY, Cal., May 2.— Dr. John
Fryer, the new member of the faculty of
the State University, who has accepted
the chair of Oriental languuges and litera
ture, has issued notices of the courses to
be followed in his department iv the next
academic year. There will be three
courses as follows: 1. The spoken lan
guages of China; 2. The written lan
guages of China; 3. The religions and
philosophi.es of China.
Dr. Watson's Addresnen.
BERKELEY, Cal., May 2.— Four public
lectures will be delivered by Dr. John
Watson next >vcek. The rirst two will be
in the First Presbyterian Church on Mon
day and Tuesday evenings, the subjects
being "Philosophy from Descartes to Lieb
nitz" and "Kant and Absolute Idealism."
On Wednesday and Thursday evenings
Dr. Watson will speak in Stiies Hall on
'•A Defense of Intellectual Development."
The Flag for Company I>.
BERKELEY, Cal., May 2.— lnspector-
General Burton, U. 8. A., of the Depart
ment of California, has announced that thp
honor flag will be conceded to Company D
of the university battalion in consequence
of the excellent showing they made in the
annual inspection at Berkeley last Wednes
day.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY 3, 1896.
ALAMEDA COUNTY CROPS
Growers Are Doubtful About
Receiving High Prices Be
cause of a Scarcity.
PEA MAKKET WELL SUPPLIED
Bayers for Cherries Are on the Ground
Anxious to Purchase What Few
There Will Be.
Oakland Office San Fbancisco Call,)
908 Broadway, May 2. J
The latest advices regarding the fruit
crop are that it will be about a third of
what an average crop should be. The
cherry crop will be very light, aud it is
estimated that retail prices will not be
less than 8 cents a pound. This is higher
than for many years.
Regarding other fruit than cherries the
smaliness of the crop would lead growers
to believe that good prices would make up
for the reduced quantity, but this seems
doubtful. In other parts of the State
damage has been done, but it appears that
it is not so great as has been reported.
The prospects are therefore that prices
will be no higher except in a few isolated
cases than they were last year.
UThe general fruit outlook has not been
improved by the weather of the past week.
Cherries have fallen away considerably.
Currants promise well in some localities.
Prunes in some places will amount to one
half to three-quarters of a crop.
Cherry-buyers made their appearance at
Haywards during the week. The wet
weather has been bad for volunteer and
clover hay, as it is nearly ready to cut in
some places, and any more rain will per
manently spoil the quality.
The wet weather has delayed the work
on the big warehouse and cannery near
San Leandro to some extent, but a small
force of men is at work on it and it will
soon be finished. The machinery is being
placed and everything is very thoroughly
prepared for the fruit season. Iv addition
to the ordinary fruits a large quantity of
tomatoes will be handled this year.
Last week peas were in demand and
brought good prices. In" many sections
the crop has been a failure, while in this
vicinity it has been very good. Conse
quently there was a great 'scramble among
the commission men of San Francisco to
secure the peas from this section. There
were about a dozen of them in town the
latter part of tne week, and in their eager
desire to purchase offered $3 a sack cash
as they were brought into town, or about
5 cents a pound. These were fancy prices,
and growers were jubilant.
This week there is a different story. On
Monday fifteen tons of peas were shipped
and since then prices have been considera
bly reduced. Under the heavy shipments
from here and elsewhere prices broke and
sales were made by the sack, ranging from
$1 to $2. Had the market not been glutted
the price would have remained at from 3
to 5 cents per pound and the shippers
would have been the gainers to the extent
of the difference.
STUDENTS AS EXHORTERS
They Will Make Their Debut
in a Tent in North
Oaklaod.
The Evangelist Who Told of Dr.
Brown's Relationship With Miss
Overman Interested.
Oakland Office Saw Francisco Call,)
HOB Broadway, May 2. j
A great evangelical campaign is to be
undertaken against the residents of North
Oakland and Berkeley. The prime mov
ers in the new spiritual warfare are Mr.
and Mrs. C. E. Thurston and Captain
Frank Wood.
Mrs. Thurston is well known in religions
circles and will be remembered as the lady
The New Mission Tent at Which Converted Students Will Do Some Practical
Evangelical Work.
who first gave out the true story^off the
relationship that existed between *Dr. C.
O. Brown and Miss Mattie Overman.
Mrs. Thurston has decided not to affiliate
with any more churches, but to strike out
on an independent course, and will spend
the summer making a tonr with a large
tent, in connection with her husband and
Captain Wooas.
The large tent has been set up on a va
cant lot loaned by F. K. Shattuck and the
Berkeley opening will be peculiarly inter
esting, as it will be partly conducted by a
party of about a dozen students who were
recentiy converted. They have not yet
been able to find an opportunity to enter
into evangelical work and have decided to
join the tent brigade and work in har
mony while the evangelists are at Berke
ley.
Captain Wood is an old soldier and is
very enthusiastic over the prospects of the
new venture. The large tent will hold
about 800 people. An able choir has vol
unteered its services.
MONEY FOR FABIOLA
The Bad Weather Proved Disastrous
to the Fete.
OAKLAND, Cal., May 2.-The receipts
for admission at the Fabiola Floral Fete
yesterday were about half of those of last
year. The paid admissions last year were
18,500, while it is figured that this year it
ran about 6575, the exact figures not yet
having been ascertained.
H. O. Trowbridge, the treasurer of the
executive committee, from cash in hand
and reports made to him, estimates as fol
lows: Advanc* sale of admissions at 50
cents, $500; gate receipts, $2560; reserved
seats, $1200, making a total of about $4250,
to which is to be addea the net proceeds
from the programmes, which will be about
$600, or a grand total of $4850. The ex
penses will be above $3500, which will
leave something over $1000 for the fabiola
Hospital Association.
MARTINELL HELD.
The Messenger Boy Bridegroom Must
Stand Trial for Perjury.
OAKLAND, Cau. May 2.— Eugene Mar
tinell, the messenger boy groom, was held
for trial in the Superior Court by Judge
Wood of the Police Court to-day, and in
default of $500 bail he will have to remain
in jail.
The only evidence against him was given
by Helena Brenner, the bride's sister aud
complaining witness, who testified that
Martineil knew the girl waa only 16 as the
matter had been discussed by him in her
hearing.
J. Cal Ewing, who administered the
oath which it i 3 claimed was perjured,tes
tified that when he asked defendant the
a^e of the bru'.e she spoke up and said she
was past 18. Martinet's brother and his
wife who were present corroborated this
testimony. __^_________ ___ —
READY FOR THE COUNCIL
The Young Men's Institute Del
egates Socn to Meet in
Haywards.
Arrangements for the Convention
Completed by the Executive
Committee.
HAYWARDS, Cal., May 2. -Two weeks
from Monday the Grand Council of the
Young Men's Institute will open. A Dana
will play all day while the reception com
mittee is receiving and caring for the
delegates.
Tuesday, May 19, the grand officers,
delegates and members of the order will
meet at N. S. G. W. Hall at 9 a. m., and,
after forming, will march in line to the
Catholic Church, escorted by a fully uni
formed band. The line of march will be
from the hall down D street to Castro,
thence up Castro to B, up B to Second and
up Second to St. Joseph's Church, where
high mass will be celebrated. Rev. Peter
C. Yorke. who is a delegate to the Grand
Council, will deliver the sermon.
Tuesday afternoon the Grand Council
will be called to order and bold a business
session. In the evening the grand ball
will take place at Native Sons' Hall. Three
thousand invitations will be issued and a
superb band will supply the music.
Wednesday at 11 a m. there will be the
grand parade. In the afternoon an open
dance at the hall and Cnstro-street Theater.
In the evening the high jinks will be held,
and promises to be one of the greatest
events in the history of the order. Talent
has been eecured from all parts of the
State and every number on the programme
will be a feature.
Thursday will be given over to business.
There will be an open-air concert in the
afternoon and a concert in the Villa Hotel
at night.
Friday will be devoted to business and
there will be a social dance in the evening.
Haywards Council will enter the parade
with "white straw hats, white gloves and
Japanese parasols.
Board of Health.
ALAMEDA, Cal., May 2.— The Board of
Health held its stated meeting after con
siderable time had elapsed waiting for a
quorum.
Sanitary Inspector Mailott reported he
had inspected eighteen new houses during
the month and collected $67 ih fees.
Several persons had received orders to
abate nui«ances and one residence had
been fumigated.
Veterinary Inspector Carpenter's report
showed he had inspected all dairies sup
plying milk to the c:ty and had examined
fifty-four cows. Among these two cases
of tuberculosis had been found and the
animals were killed. The average of but
ter fats was 4 per cent, cream 10.5 per cent.
All the produce and butcher-shops had
been inspected and in the latter twenty
hve pounds of mutton seized as being un
fit for comsurnption.
Dr. C. H. Lubbock, health officer during
Dr. J. T. McLean's absence, reported for
the month an follows:
Number of contagious diseases — Measles
1, cbickenpox3, whooping cough 8, typhoid
fever 1, tuberculosis 2. Deaths 11, births 10.
The City Trustees notified the board that
$500 had been transferred from the general
to the health fund. The health officer was
granted a further leave of absence of thirty
days.
HISTORY OF A DAY.
Alaiuefla County Happenings Told In
Brief Chapters.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call, »
908 Broadway, May 2. {
Charles A. Conger of 203 Perry street, an in
ventor, was arrested last evening on complaint
of B. B. Hoilingsworth of San Krancisco, with
whom he has had some business dealings in
connection with his patent.
The nail works are now running at full blast
at the Judson Iron Works, and the rolling
works will be started up the first of the com
ineweek. The recent fire did but slight dam
age, as It destroyed only a portion of the roof
of the building.
Sam McLeod,,a shipwright in the yards of
Hay <& Wright at Alameda Point, was struck
ou the arm this morning by a maul which got
loose irom the handle, inflicting a painful
bruise. His injuries were attended at the Re
ceiving Hospital.
Frank Joseph Fitzgerald, a young man who
had a habit of coming In through the window
instead of the door and other eccentricities,
was examined to-day and discharged as not
insane. Some of his relatives appeared to be
anxious to have him sent to an asylum.
Argument was made to-day before Judge
Greene upon a motion for a new trial of the
case of R. P. Jansen aeainst the Southern Pa
cific Railroad Company, in which a verdict
was awarded oi $10,000 damages. General W.
H. Barnes appeared for the railroad company
and D. M. Deimas for Jansen.
FREUD ELOQUENT
FOR THE CHARTER.
Makes a Stirring Appeal
Before the Mission
Defense Union.
DOHRMANN ALSO SPEAKS
A Large Number of Missionites
Attend the Meeting Last
Night.
APPLAUD A SPEAKERS' WORDS.
Sixty G:oi and Conclusive Results
Statei to Accrue on the Charter's
Adoption.
The hall of the Mission Defense Union
at the corner of Twentieth and Guerrero
streets was crowded last night, the oc
casion being the exposition by D. W.
Dohrmann, president, and J. Richard
Freud, secretary, of the Merchants' Asso
ciation of the beneficial results that wili
accrue on the adoption of the proposed
new City charter.
John H. Grady, president of the Mii
sion Improvement Union, opened the
meeting and stated that all the regular
business would be suspended in order that
full attention might be given to the
charter.
F. W. Dohrmann said :
"I am glad to meet men who are willing
to lay a*ide business affairs and to interest
themselves in matters concerning the
community at large.
"We have a great deal to complain of in
the conducting of our municipal affairs,
and the principal thing is the indifference
exhibited by the individual citizen. To
remedy these things we ourselves must
take action. We alone are responsible,
and, if we would improve on this present
system, then let us take the steps proper
to change it for the better. It is bad, now.
Whose fault is it but our own ?"
Mr. Freud said, introducing his sixty
results which will accrue on the adoption
of the proposed charter: "There is one
question before the people, -Is the pro
posed charter a better organic law than
the one already dominant?' "
He then explained that the present
charter for San Francisco bore the same
relation to the City tbat a suit of clothes
made for a 10-year-old boy would bear to a
man's wearing.
"This question relating to organic laws,"
said he, "is not a question of politics. It is
not a personal question, nor is it a ques
tion of officials. It is a question of sys
tem. It is a change from one system to
another. From a system now known to be
defective and productive of corruption to
a system that bears on its face a perfec
tion as near as possible for man to formu
late."
Mr. Freud then read the following re
sults, fully explaining each one in passing:
CIVIL SERVICE— EIGHT RESULTS.
1. As soon as the charter goes into effect
there will result a strictly non-partisan civil
service corumitsion, and the government of
San Francisco will be conducted on business
principles.
2. All clerks, employes and laborers in the
service of the City will be governed by civil
service rules and regulations. Their salaries
will be no higher than are paid for similar
services in business houses.
3. Free, public, competitive examinations, of
a practical nature, must be taken by all appli
cants, and every applicant must be a citizen of
the United Stales.
4. Examinations will include physical tests
and manual skill wherever required; no ques
tion shall relate to politics or religion.
5. Appointment and promotion in the
classified offices of the City will depend upon
ability, merit and length of service, and never
upon politics. Sex will not be a bar to any
tuitable office.
b". No employe of the City will be discharged
on any political grounds; the only reasons al
lowed are dishonesty, inefficiency, insubordi
nation or habitual discourtesy, proven after a
fair and impartial trial before the Commis
sioners.
7. Any officer or employe of the City, who
promises or pays anything for his nomination
election or appointment forfeits his position
and in permanently disqualified from holding
any municipal office.
8. Any person in the City government who
violates any provision of the civil service regu
lations will be guilty of a misdemeanor, and
be ineligible to any municipal office for live
years.
SUPERVISORS— FIVE RESVLTB.
9. The present unequal representation of
Supervisors by antiquated ward lines will be
abolished; the people will elect their Super
visors from any part of the City and County.
10. No person will be eligible to become »
Supervisor who has ever been convicted of
any crime or misdeed in public or private life,
or who has not been an elector of the City over
five years, or who is interested in any City
contract or franchise.
11. Supervisors will not be permitted to
recommend or solicit the appointment of any
person, outside of those positions that may by
law be filled by the board.
12. Every six months all financial acts and
transactions of City officials will be rigidly ex
amined and experted by the Finance Commit
tee of the Board of Supervisors.
13- Violation by a Supervisor of any pro
vision in the charter will result in the for
feiture Of his office and his permanent dis
qualification from holding any future munici
pal position.
THE MAYOR— FOUR RESULTS.
14. The Mayor will be the chief executive
officer of San Francisco. He will no longer be
a mere figure-head, but will be vested with ex
ecutive power and official responsibility.
15. His duties, as prescribed in the charter,
will be to vigilair.ly observe the conduct of all
public officers, and see that all departments of
the City government are administered
honestly, economically aud without super
fluous employes. '
16. The Mayor will have to see that all the
ordinances of the City and county are observed
and enforced, and appoint experts who must
at least every six months examine thoroughly
the books and accounts of all City officials.
17. He will have to see that all city fran
chises granted, to any person or corporation,
are not violated or disregarded; and snail
prosecute all persons or corporations failing to
fulfill their agreements or contracts with the
City.
POLICE DEPARTMENT— THREE RESULTS.
18. The present life tenure of the three
Police Commissioners will be abolished. A
board of four commissioners will be appointed
by the Mayor, and their term of office will be
limited to four years, one goiug out of office
each year.
19. Politics will have no place in the Police
Department. The Police Commission will al
ways have to be strictly non-partlsau; not
more than two Commissioners oi the same po
litical party. No person in the Police Depart
ment will be permitted to take part in politics
or in any political convention: nor will any
political assessments be allowed.
20. Policemen must be citizens of the United
States, of good character, five years residents
of the City and able to read and write English-
They wili retain their p. si ions during good
behavior. In case of disability, old age and
long service a relief fund is provided, and a
pension fund for the families of those officers
killed in the service.
FIRE DEPARTMENT— TWO P.ESULTB.
21. The present mixed Board of Fire Com
missioners, composed of five persons ap
pointed partly by the old county courts, partly
by the Board of Supervisors and partly by tne
Governor, will be. abolished. A board of four
Commissioners will be appointed ly the Mayor
for the term of four years, one going out of
office each year. The board must always be
strictly non-partisan; not more than two Com
missioners of the same political party. No
political assessments will be permuted; nor
will any person in the Fire Department be al
lowed to take part iv politics or in any polit
ical convention.
'22. There will be a fully paid and fully
equipped Fire Department. Firemen must be
citisens of good character, residents of the
Auction S&lcs
. - " ■ - - - • ■ -• . -
J. C. HITHER. AUCTIONEER,
WILL SELL TO-MORROW,
Monday... .........;May 4, 1896,
Commencing at 11 a. m. sharp,
At 733 Market St., near Third,
A FIRST-CLASS RESTAURANT
Completely Tarnished, on account of departure,
including about 100 Bevel-plate Mirrors: 200
yards of ] nlald Uno'.eu is ; 140 fine Dale I Vienna
Chairs; 30 elegant Oak Tables; fine Fire-proof
s-afe; Crockery and Glassware; Cutlery ani
Linen: 2 Fine French Ranges: 1 Heater and 1
Bakers' Oven, etc
This place will first be ottered as a whole, and if
a satisfactory bid Is not obtained It will be sold In
lots to suit purchasers. Everything most be sold
without limit, or reserve.
■ ' J. C.MUTHEn, Auctioneer.
L. H. BIRD, AUCTIONEER,
Office and Warehouse, 211 Larkin St.,
' r " TO-MORROW,
Monday ...May 4,
At 11 A. it., .
$5000 Worth of Japanese Furniture and
i • *• Crockery.
If you want elegant goods, attend this sale.
■*:'-" ; L-- : ■ L. H. BURD. Auctioneer.
City three years and able to rend Rnd write
English. All firemen will hold their positions
during good behavior. A relief fund will be
provided for those Jiremen who become dis
abled and a pension lund for the families of
those firemen killed in service.
ELECTION DEPARTMENT— THREE RESULTS.
23. The present defective and unsatisfactory
system of creating the Election Commission
ers, all of whom may be of the same political
party, will be abolished. Four Election Com
missioners, not more than two of the same po
litical party, will be appointed by the Mayor
for four years, one going out of office each
year.
24. The commissioners must be electors and
residents of tr,e City over five years; take no
part in politics or yi any political convention.
They appoint the Registrar, who is also secre
tary of the board.
25. Strict provisions are made in the charter
for the honest and correct registration of
voters and for the safe and accurate canvass
of votes. All citizens regularly Appointed
must serve as election officers or 'forfeit f 100
to the City.
HEALTH PEPARTMEAT— TWO RESULTS.
26. The present partisan method of appoint
ing four members of the Board of Health by
the Governor for five years will be abolished.
The board will be composed of three regular
physicians, residents of the City over eight
years, and appointed by the Mayor tor tne
term of two years.
27. No politics will enter the Health Depart
ment; for all appointments will depend upon
free, public, competitive examinations. Plumb
ins and draining in all buildings of the City
will have to be done according to plans ap
proved in writing by the Board of Health.
FINANCE AND REVENUE— BLX RESULTS.
28. The present lax method of collecting and
expending the public funds will be supplanted
by a rigid system of finance aud revenue. The
annual couniy tax levy will be limited tosl 07
on the $100 of taxable property in the City
and connty
-29. The general fund will be abolished.
Twenty-four specific funds will be provided.
All revenue will be kept in separate funds and
will not be transierable. Any surplus at the '
end of the fiscal year must be carried forward
to the same fund in the ensuing year.
30. Each expenditure must be provided for
in its proper specific fund. No money can.be
drawn out of any fund except for the exact
purpose for which it is raised.
31. No fees will be allowed to any salaried
officer; all fees must be paid directly into the
treasury. The License Collector's office will be
abolished; the Tax Collector will coilect such
licenses only as are provided in the charter.
32. No liability can be incurred in any fiscal
year exceeding the revenue of that year, nor
from any fund In any one month exceeding
one-twelfth of the income of that fund during
the fiscal year in which drawn.
33. Before any appropriation is paid it will
have to bear the Auditor's certificate that it
violates no provision of the charter. Any
amount that may be owing to the City must
fir^t be deducted before the payment of any
demand by the City. No salary will be paid to
any official neglecting or refusing to discharge
his duties in accordance with the laws govern
ing his office. •;
PUBI.IC FRANCHISES — TWO RESULTS.
34. Within one year after the charter takes
effect every public franchise not in actual use
will be forfeited to the City. Every public
franchise hereafter granted must be in opera
tion within six months of its creation.
35. No exclusive privilege or monopoly will
be granted In any franchise for water, gas,
electric light, telegraph, telephone or steam
power. One year will be the limit upon any I
City contract for gas or electric light, and the
price shall never exceed the lowest charge to
any consumer.
RAILWAY FRANCHISES— THREE RESULTS.
36. Btreet railway franchises will be sold to
the highest bidder, and at least 2 per cent of
the gross receipts will go to the City, tjpop
the expiration of street railway franchises
their road tracks and roadbeds revert to the
City.
37. The new charter will empower the Board i
of Supervisors "lo fix, establish and reduce the
rates of fare upon all street railroads in the
City and County."
38. All transcontinental or nil other railroad I
companies having fifty miles of road con- I
structed will have free entry into the City aud
County of San Francisco.
PUBLIC IMPROVEMENTS— NIKE RESULTS.
39. The charter will abolish the City Hall
Commission and the offices of Superintendent
of streets and City and County Surveyor.
Three. Commissioners of Public Works will be
appointed by the Mayor for a term of four
years, who will manage and conduct all public
works, repairs and improvements.
40. It will be unlawful for any person in the
Department of Public Works to be interested
in any City contract for work, labor or ma
terial. Any City contract la which any person
in the Department of Public Works'is inter- I
ested shall be void.
41. At least six grand boulevards, per
manently dedicated to the City, will be as
sured, via., Golden Gate, Van Ness and First
1 avenues, Fulton, Lombard and Steiner streets.
42. It will not be possible to levy assess
ments upon any property aggregating over 50
per cent of its assessed valuation. Contrac
tors will not be Rllowed to accept from any
person a less rate of assessment than the con
tract price paid by others.
43. Railroad Corporations will have to pave
and keep in repair the street between their
rails and between their tracks and for at least
two feet outside of the same.
44. Work necessary upon accepted streets
will be wholly paid for by the City. No streets
will be torn up by private parties. All exca
vations and repairs in the streets will only be
done by the proper City authorities upon pay
ment of the expense incurred.
45. A thorough, systematic and effectual
system of drainage throughout the entire City
will be adopted. All public and Drivate sewers
and drains will be subjected to strict rules and
regulations.
40. The public streets will be uniformly and
systematically swept, cleaned and sprinkled
by the City, giving preference to hand labor
and to permanent residents of San Francisco.
47. Bonding of the City and County for
necessary permanent public improvements on
a large scale will be valid, safe, certain aud
practicable.
MUNICIPAL OWNERSHIP— THRKE REBULTS.
48. The charter provides for the permanent
acquisition and municipal ownership by pur
chase, condemnation or construction of "water
works, gas works, electric-light works, steam,
water or electric power works, telephone lines
and street railroads.
49. Ninety days before each election the
Board of Public Works must estimate the true
value of street railroads and water works, tele
phone, gas and electric light plants and all
public franchises. These exact estimates will
be submitted to the people at the ensuing elec
tion by resolution of nine Supervisors.
50. Municipal ownership of any public util
ity will be acquired by a two-thirds vote of. the
people at the estimate established by the
Board of Public Works. Public utilities thus
acquired by the City will be managed aud
operated by the Board of Public Works for the
benefit of the entire public.
PUBLIC SCHOOLS— FIVE RESULTS.
51. There will be five School Directors, resi
dents of the City over five years, appointed by
the Mayor without regard to politics or sex,
for the term of four years, one goiug out of
office every year.
52. The Superintendent of Schools will be
el-cted by the people and hold office four
years. He is also a member of the Board of
Education. One of bis special duties will be
to cause instruction in the public schools to be
practical, so as to enable pupils to earn a
living, and respect truth, labor ».nd industry. ]
53. No book or teaching for or against the j
doctrines of any sect or religion will be per
mitted In the public schools; and no sectarian
school of any denomination shall receive any
of the school funds.
54. It will not be lawful to change textbooks
in tho public schools within four years after
their introduction. Adults will be admitted
free to evening schools, and kindergarten
schools will be established for young children.
Teachers in the primary and grammar classes
will be educated in the public school system
of California.
55. Any member, officer or employee of the
Board of Eduoation accepting any money or
donation from any teacher or applicant will
JAPANESE & CUIAESEAUCTIOiV SALE
419 Kearny Street. v^
"• • » TO-MORROW,
Monday, .-,,-- - May 4, 1896
At 11 A. M.; 2 and 7 P. M.
REMOVED FROM CHINATOWN
For convenience of sale, the stock of a
CHINESE MERCHANT, WHO IS
RETURNING TO CHINA.
RARE ORIENTAL CURIOS.
! buuuiua, Cloisonne, Awata, Vaga, ToKonabe '
Bishu, Kochl. ■ etc. •»
Antique Bronzes, Carvings, , Silk Goods,
- >Junbroidevi«B, etc. Japanese - *
. Rugs Alt Size*.
Without Reserve or Limit. , Chairs for Ladles.
F. T. KEEL Alt, Auctioneer.
AUCTION! AUCTION! .
40 Weil-Bred, Mostly Gentle Horses
Must be gold without reserve,
TUESDAY MAY 6,
At International Horse Market, Twelfth
■ .• and Harrison sts.
\\\ P. McC'OBD. Auctioneer.
be guilty of a misdemeanor and shall be re
moved from office.
FIVE GEXEEAL RESULTS.
SG. Municipalsovereignty, independence and
borne rule Will result from the new charter.
57. Honesty, economy and efficiency in pub
lic office will foliow the introduction of the
civil service system.
58. Political patronage in city affairs will be
destroyed and political bosses will be annihi
lated.
59. Every municipal department will be gov
ernod by officials with fixed and responsible
duties and accountable authority.
UO. Great pub.ie improvements in the
streets, roads and pavements of the City, to
getner with a perfect sewer system, will
surely result from the new charter.
At the conclusion of Mr. Freud's address
Secretary Van Dnzer stated that there
were several gentlemen present who had
views on the charter which the- audience
would like to hear. Dennis Kearney then
arose aud said he had some \*cry strong
objections to make in regard" to the
charter's adoption, but the expression of
his views was not encouraged by the mem
bers present.
It was resolved that ex-Auditor Smiley
and John M. Reynolds be requested to ad
dress the union jtwo weeks from last night
on the charter. ■
A communication was received from the
Point Lobos Improvement Club asking
that it might joitt issue with the Mission
Improvement Club and foria a branch of
that organization. A committee of three
was appointed to confer with that club,
consisting of John Bulger, John D. Byrne
and George Walcom.
A committee consisting of A. P. Van
Duzar, John O. Daly, D. Kelly, William
Metzner and Judge F. W. Keynegom
was also appointed to meet tiie Point
Lodos Improvement Club relative to the
meeting at B'nai B'rith Hall May '26 for
the purpose of effecting a federation of all
improvement clubs.
BROWN WILL NOT PREACH
Doors of the First Congregational
Church Will Be Closed
To-Day.
Its Late Pastor Declared Himself Too
Much Distraught to Fill the
Pulpit.
Dr. C. O. Brown will not preach
in the First Congregational Church
to-day, and as a consequence that edifice
will be closed all day aud evening for the
first time in a long period.
The late psstor of this congregation an
nounced to Chairman I. H. Morse of the
supply committee yesterday morning that
he was suffering too greatly from the men
tal and physical wear and tear of the con
test which resulted in his resignation
last Wednesday night to permit him to
appear in the pulpit. He was further
physically incapacitated by straining his
back while helping to lift a case in which
were packed some of bis household effects.
Although Dr. Brown has been making
preparations for the past few days to give
up his present residence, and in fact to
leave town, lie is still at his oUI domicile
at 1703 Geary street. It is understood,
however, that a? soon as he has all his ef
fects ready for shipment ub will take up
his abod» with friends and later leave the
City, but whither is a rnntter tuat neither
the doctor nor his close friends care at
this time to divulge.
There is to be an important meeting of
the qfheers of the church early this week,
probably on Tuesday, when the matter of
selecting a successor to Dr. Brown wiil be
discussed. In view of tho uninviting field
tbat the Pacific Coast is Mid by church
people to offer to Eastern ministers, and
the further disadvantage arisiujj from a
house divided against itself, it is acknowl
edged that it will be a matter oi" no little
difficulty to satisfactorily fail the vacant
pulpit of this church.
READY FOR WORK
The Appointed Deleijaies to Sacramento
"Will Present a Solid Front.
OAKLAND, Cal., May 2.— The dele
gates appointed to the State Republican
Convention at Sacramento will leave for
that city on the late trains to-morrow and
the fir?t trains Monday. They .will have
headquarters at the Golden Eagle Hotel
and their committee-rooms in the Supreme
Court room in the Capitol building. A
general conference committee, consisting
of Charles Mantaien of Oakland, W. H.
Harris of Pleasanton and C. B. Long of
Haywards, has been selected. M. C.
Chapman and E. K. Taylor are delegated
to look after the interests of the delega
tion in the contest that the primary dele
gation lias presented.
The following members have been de
cided upon to be proposed for appoiot
ment on the various committees necessary
for the organization of the State conven
tion : W. H. Church, committee on cre
dentials; W. F. Pierce, committee on
permanent organization and order of busi
ness; W. H. Fallon, committee on plat
form and resolutions.
Republicans Organize.
BEREKELEY, Cal., May I.— The Re
publican Club of West Berkeley met last
night in the rooms oi the West Berkeley
Progressive Club and organized for the
coming campaign, electing officers as fol
lows:
President, Walter H. Heywood; vice-presi
dent, S. A. Penwell; secretary, Thomas Dowd;
treasurer, S. i H. Borkheim;'aergeant-at-arms,
J. F. Teague.
President Heywood appointed commit
tees of the club as follows:
Executive comm.ttee — Georxe Phillips,
George Scnmidt, M. J. Acton, James Hamilton,
Charles Hatton.
Finance Committee— C. Ensebretsen, T. Mo-
Namara, C. 11. Burr.
Committee ou by-laws — Charles H. Spear.
Thomas Wilson.
Ways aud means committee— Charles Wulf
endingea, (ieorge Schmidt, J. F. Teague.
The club will open a membership roll
for signatures Thursday evening at 8
o'clock, when the next meeting will be
held.
Salvation Aruay.
ALAMEDA, Cal., May 2.-A farewell
meeting will be held by the Salvation Army
to-night, for the benefit or Captain Burke
and Lieutenant Rowland, the former go
ing to Arcata and the latter to Los An
feles. Their successors, Adams and Barn
ardt, are from the training school, San
Francisco.
1516
"THE CALL" DECLARES FOR WOMAN SUFFRAGE
Miss Susan B. Anthony
Dances in Her De
light.
WISE WORDS OF THE
LADIES.
Women Overjoyed at Having
the Great Daily for an
Advocate.
A GLAD CHOETJS OF TRIUMPH
IS HEARD.
Prominent Suffragists Express Their
-Gratification on Hearing the
. j ; • Good News.
1 .
THE CALX' to-day declare! for
woman suffrage. The great dally,
which speaks for all, cannot ignore that
portion of humanity which seems to
have more, than half the goodness,
wit, '■wisdom- and beauty of the world.
Hence THE CALL, in accord with its
own principle, is constrained to recog
. nize the noble endeavor which woman
is making to secure her right.
In" many a boudoir and over more than
one- tea-table exultant voices musically
chant- in jocund measure:
"The Call has come out in favor of
• woman' suffrage.
And it is true. Some of the ladies who
have given the best years of their lives to
•' the advancement of the great movement,
and suffered many cruel disenchantments
on its- account, hardly dared to believe
their ears when the news reached them
' -that The Call was about to take up their
• battle. •
"Are you sure there is no mistake?"
anxiously queried Susan B. Anthony.
"Sure," was the laconic answer of the
little bird who carried her the news.
For a moment the veteran suffragist
• seemed to be makings silent act of thanks
- giving. She remained seated in her chair,
the tears rolling over her wrinkled cheeks,
. for a good three minutes. Then, without
a note of warning, she jumped from her
. seat and seizing her hostess, Mrs. A. A.
Sargent, about the waist, executed x a tri
umphal waltz with her through the spa
cious parlors, to that lady's great wonder
ment.
"Never mind," gasped Mrs. Sargent,
| panting breathlessly after the mad dance
was over. "I'm as glad as she is, or nearly
so at any rate. She has worked over half
a century, so I suppose the victory means
even more to her than it does to me."
Mrs. . Sargent, president of the State
Woman Suffrage Association, whose hus
' band was the first California champion
' of woman's cause in Congress, was over
■• joyed at the news.
! "I most certainly and. emphatically in
' .• dorse all Miss Anthony's words," she said,
. 'and I am. more than happy for myself
and the thousands of readers of The Call,
"' whose Dulses, I know, will thrill with joy
•. when they hear of the progressive attitude
it has taken.
"I do not believe there is a truly patriotic
citizen in this or any other State of this
Union; who will regret the steps taken by
.. : The Call.
':. : "I am proud— prouder than words can
express — my State has the honor of
," . producing the first great daily newspaper
to come out actively for the cause of
.. woman' amid the fire and smoke of battle.
"This is only what might justly be ex
■•; pected ef the Golden State, where men are
• '.so minded and where every truly
..-ttoble movement is championed in its very
. .' inception."
•■• "I am delighted, though not astonished,
to' learn that The Call has taken this
V stand."
: So said Mrs. Ada Van Pelt, lady editor
•• of the : Pacific Ensign, president of the
': Woman's Press Association and vice-pres
■ • ident of the Woman's Congress.
; ( . "There is, to my mind, nothing surpris
. •'.•ing in this new move of The Call," she
\ continued. "That paper has .treated the
matter of woman suffrage with unfailing
'. respect whenever it had to be mentioned,
• and now, when the movement is most in
. t need of able support, in view of the coming
' battle. The Call takes up the sword to aid
: * woman in her fight for equal rights. There
. . is nothing strange in this, but It is grand
and noble, none the less.
"In' ray opinion, .the liberal, generous
spirit displayed by papers like The Call —
if there, be another like augurs well for
oar cause. Especially on the Pacific Coast
is this liberality most noticeable. In no
other State has woman suffrage met with
' so little opposition as in California. This
speaks volumes in favor of the chivalry
. ■ and fair-mindedness of the men — partic
ularly the newspaper men of the Golden
West.".
Mrs. John F. Swift, one of the auditors
of. the State Woman's Suffrage Associa
tion, was very enthusiastic over the news.
» "Why," she exclaimed, "this is wonder
• ful, but really it is no more than was to be
expected of The Call. •
"I believe with ail my heart and soul
that this means a victory for those who
"have worked so long and faithfully for the
emancipation of woman.
"The Call has taken a step that will be
-an honor to it forever. This one act alone |
• would make it the greatest newspaper of
the State, if it were not so already. Long
live The Call!"
; "How many, many friends The Call is
going to make, merely by championing a
just cause!" • exclaimed Mrs. Sarah B.
Cooper. "During the last Woman's Con
gress there were "women -, in the country
.'districts who were unable, by reason of
their poverty, to come to the city, and who,
rather than be deprived of all share in it,
rode as much as twenty miles to get copies
• of The Call in order to read its long and
faithful reports of each day's session.
' "Alter all, the whole argument for
woman suffrage is based on a simple prin
ciple of justice. ; Think of the good teach
ers in our local kindergartens, over seventy :
in number, divided among forty schools.
These women form children into little
• ladies and gentlemen before they are old
enough to enter the public schools. And
yet these women, these cultured, devoted
ladies, have no voice in public measures
which vitally affect the little, ones whom
they have trained. " No amount of reason
ins? can convince me that such a thing is
just ;■ and it looks as ; though The Call
•#• # had reached the same conclusion."
. Mrs. Aylett R. 7 Cotton, wife of Judge
' Cotton, who has for a quarter of a century
been an ardent supporter of the equal suf
frage proposition, when told of the action
The Cam- had taken, went into ecstasies.
•'f must tell my husband at once," she
exclaimed, retiring in high glee. In a
minute or two she reappeared with the
Judge in tow.
"You may say for me," said Mrs. Cotton,
"that The Call's taking our side will cause
mothers and wives to be looked upon in
their true light. A mother will no longer
be lauphed to scorn for being her soh's po
litical tutor, and The Call deserves all the
praise.
"This is going to De the greatest draw
ing card in circulation The Call ever is
sued. Why shouldn't it? It has shown
the genuine chivalric spirit, and has her
alded the victory of woman in her strug
gles for recognition."
Mrs. Lovell White, whose name has been
long and intimately connected with the
struggle for political equality, was per
haps the happiest woman seen, with the
single exception of Miss Anthony. When
she had subsided sufficiently to look upon
the matter calmly, she said :
"To all true friends of equal rights it is
gratify mc to learn that Thk Call will take
a decided stand in faVor of woman suf
frage.
"While unbounded thanks are due from
the Woman Suffrage Association, it will
be observed that nothing else was to be
expected from the most progressive news
paper of the State— a paper that always
keeps abreast of the times."
GIVE WOMAN THE BALLOT.
Cogent Reasons Advanced by One
of the Officers of the State
Suffrage Association.
Woman suffrage is not a new or an nn
tried experiment. Women have some
form of suffrage in most of tbe civilized
countries. Women vote in a more or less
limited way in every English colony. In
England women have the full municipal,
county and district suffrage, and lack only
the power to vote for members of Parlia
ment, and tiieir political prestige is tar in
advance of that of the women of the
United States. The single women and
widows of Canada have municipal suffrage.
In New Zealand and South Australia
women have the fall parliamentary suf
frage on exactly the same terms as men.
The unvarying testimony of trustworthy
persons from every one of these countries
is strongly in favor of equal suffrage.
There is not a particle of evidence- to prove
the existence of any of the evils that are
so freely prophesied by its opponent?. In
MISS SUSAN B. ANTHONY ON "THE CALL`S" ATTITUDE TOWARD
WOMAN SUFFRAGE
I am perfectly delighted. The very fact that " The Call " has dared to come out in favor
of woman shows that it is the greatest, most independent and most progressive journal on the
Pacific Coast.
I have been in twelve woman-suffrage amendment campaigns, and this is the first in which
any of the great dailies has exhibited sufficient public spirit to come out boldly in favor of the
cause.
It is now twenty-nine years since the State of Kansas submitted the proposition to amend
the constitution to the Legislature, and it is positively the first time that any great political paper
has made the announcement that it intended to advocate the cause of the weaker sex. Some
have had faint editorials, and have spoken out when the fight was not raging, but " The Call '
alone can claim the honor of coming out during the campaign.
I believe this action on the part of " The Call " will so educate the voters that they will
surely cast their ballots for the amendment, and I can't help feeling that this is really the firing
of the first gun proclaiming victory for the California amendment.
We shall get "Calls" and send marked copies to every president of every woman-suffrage
club in this State and to all our Eastern friends. I prophesy that, as a mere stroke of policy
"The Call " will find this the best move it ever made.
The press of the State cannot help following in its footsteps. Whenever any great political
organ takes any stand so noble as this it is only a question of time until the others are forced to
fail in line and tag along behind. SUSAN B. ANTHONY.
each country it wag tried in a restricted
form and gradually extended as experi
ence showed its desirability.
As spa.cc is limited, we will consider in
this article only the status of the question
in the United Males. At the present time
women have the school suffrage in twenty
three States and a vote on local questions,
such as the issuing of bonds, etc., in four
States. Kansas was the first State to give
school suffrage, which it did in 1861. The
remaining States gradually fell in line.
This suffrage was conferred by the Legis
latures, which could at any session recall
it; but it has not been done in a single
instance. The women have exercised the
school suffrage in as large nnmbers, proba
bly, as men would do if they had to comply
with all the necessary requirements and
then were permitted "simply to vote for
School Trustees.
In Kansas women have municipal suf
frage; in Wyoming, Colorado and Utan
they have the full Presidential suffrage,
voting for all elective officers on precisely
the same terms as men. The situation in
these four States ought to eive us a basis
on which to form an intelligent opinion.
After eighteen years' experience ot
school suffrage. Kansas, by act of the
Legislature, conferred municipal suffrage
upon women in 1887. If the terrible re
sults followed which are so eloquently pic
tured by the opponents — deserted homes,
neglected families, unsexed women —
the Legislature could at any time have
repealed the bill, but, although it has been
in the hands of Republicans, Democrats
and Populists, during this time, there
never has been a movement in this direc
tion. The Chief Justice and the Associate
Justices of Kansas have submitted
a written opinion that "woman
suffrage has given a purer and better
municipal government." Hon. F. G.
Adams, secretary State Historical So
ciety, says that "the vote of the
women is unexpectedly large; they have
a healthy influence in banishing riot and
disorder from the polls; all parties
vie in extern! ing courtesies to them;'
they vote with good judgment, for the
common welfare, for the home and fire
side, for the freeing of the community
from demoralizing influences; there is no
longer a question whether women want to
vote." The testimony of public officials
would fill several columns. At the elec
tions last year, when there was no vital
issue, 85 per cent of all the women who
were registered, voted, a larger per cent
than of the men. The Kansas City Daily
Journal says :
The recent elections in Kansas have demon
strated one fact, that the voting of women has
not changed the natural order of things or
affected the wheat en p in any respect; but it
has done one thing— it has shown to old fogy
people that the world can move without a
catastrophe.
We have no doubt a candid admission of
facts would demonstrate that as a rule the
women voted freer from prejudice and party
heat than the men did.
As far as we have been able to analyze the
vote tne women seem to have discriminated to
a degree that evidences critical examination
and selection ol candidates. There appears to
be none of that stultifying: drivel of the aver
age voter— "without a scratch." in other
words, they have shown themselves to be dis
creet and intelligent citizens.
It is the first indication we have seen of re
lief from the nightmare of corruption in elites.
In our sister city over the line they say it was
THE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, 3IAY 3, 1896.
the quietest, most orderly and cleanest elec
tion ever held since it was a city.
There is only one way out of this terrible
orgy of corruption and crime that the signs of
the time afford, and that is through the votes
of women.
The New York Sun, an opponent of woman
suff rage, says: "The great lact demonstrated
in Kansas on Tuesday is that the women there
want to vote; that thVy are willing to beer the
burden of exercising the privilege of the
suffrage whenever it is granted them. They
manifested a very keen interest in the elec
tion, and were Near to ro to the polls."
The appearance of women at the polls in as
sociation with men would not provoke re
mark on the ground that such publicity is un
feminiue. In these days women are entering
into so many employments, side by side with
men, that they are encountered In all the
busy parts of the town, in the streets, and in
offices and countlnjr-rooms. Their presence no
lontrer attracts particular observation, so fre
quent is it. It is taken as a matter of course;
and if they were admitted to the suffrage they
would be as free from annoyance at the polls.
These clippings are selected from a
large number equally as strong from va
rious newspapers. The woman's vote has
steadily increased during the past nine
years; the elections are orderly; the hack
neyed objections to woman suffrage are no
longer made and it is accepted as a natu
ral and desirable thing.
The Territorial Legislature of Wyoming
extended full suffrage to women in 1869.
Twenty years later, when a State constitu
tion was adopted, it was unanimonsly de
cided to incorporate an equal suffrage
plank. An attempt was made in Congress
to prevent its admission as a State unless
the woman suffrage clause was stricken
out, bat the members from Wyoming
stood by it and the battle was fought for a
number of days. Finally a telegram was
sent to the Legislature of yVyoming, then
in session, that its admission was im
periled. The answer came back, "We will
remain a Territory a hundred years
rather than go in without woman suf
frage." The fight at last was won and
Wyoming women have full suffrage.
Every Governor from 1869 down to the
present time has declared in the strongest
terms in favor of it. The Chief Justices,
the State officials, the members of Con
gress, without a single exception, have
given the strongest possible testimony in
its favor, on the platform and through the
press. United States Senator Carey of
Wyoming wrote to Chief Justice Horton
of Kansas in 1894:
Wyoming has now been a State for four
years and woman suffrage has shown all the
advantages that were claimed for it by its most
earnest advocates. All the opposition to
woman suffrage iv this State is raised by per
sons outside of the Mate. What stronger ar
gument can I make when I state from careful
observation for a period of twenty-five years
that woman has exercised the elective frau
chise with wise discretion; that she performs
the duties entailed thereby with as. high a de
gree of intelligence as the best of the male sex.
It has not dethroned or degenerated her, nor
has it brought discord into the home. I hope
tbe movement of this great reform will be
rapid, us it will result in untold benefit to our
country.
The Wyoming House of Representa
tives, in 1893, passed by unanimous vote
the following concurrent resolution:
Be it resolved by the Second Legitlature of the.
State of Wyoming, That the possession and ex
ercise of suffrage by the women In Wyoming
for the past quarter of a century has wrought
no harm and has done great good in many
ways; that it has largely aided in banishing
crime, pauperism and vice from this State ana
that without any violent or oppressive legisla
tion ; that it has secured peaceful and orderly
elections, good government, and a remarkable
degree of civilization and public order; and
we point with pride to the facts that after
nearly twenty-five years of woman suffrage
not one county in Wyoming has a poorhouse,
that our jails are almost empty, and crime,
except that committed by strangers in the
State, almost unknown; and as the result of
experience we urge every civilized commun
ity on earth to enfranchise its women without
delay.
Jicsolved, That an authenticated copy ot
these resolutions be forwarded by the Gover
nor of the State to the Legislature of every
Stute and Territory of this country, and to
every legislative body in the world; and that
we request the press throughout the civilized
world to call the attention of their readers to
these resolutions.
Colorado gave school suffrage to women
in 187 G. After an experience in Its practi
cal workings for seventeen years its Legis
lature submitted a constitutional amend
ment to the voters. The bill was passed
by a Populist Senate and a Republican
House of Representatives. It was indorsed
by all political parties and supported by
the press. The amendment was carried
by a majority of between six and seven
thousand, and Colorado women have now
the full suffrage for all elective officers.
They have voted for two years, and Gov
ernor Mclntyre writes: "Woman suffrage
is a decided success in every respect. The
women have voted in as large a proportion
as the men. The chief benefit has been in
forcing the nomination of the best men
available for office. It is the estimate of
women upon tne candidates that the
•bosses' have most to fear." The leading
newspapers in Colorado speak in the
highest terms of the enfranchisement of
women. All political parties extend a
cordial recognition. The large number of
women who vote has been a great sur
prise. The Denver Republican says :
One of the strongest stock arguments against
woman suffrage is that participation in politics
would be left to bad and ignorant women,
'] while good and intelligent women would refuse
I to have anything to do with public affairs,
being unwilling to enter the filthy pool of
political contention and strife. The conclusion
would be unavoidable if tbe premises were
true. But the premises are not true, and so
the conclusion is false and without foundation.
It has been shown that the most intelligent
and cultured women are taking an active part
in political matters, and thai they have not
shrunk trom the discharge of the new duties
that have been conferred upon them. This Is
tru' 1 ol the women of all political parties.
Women voted in Utah for seventeen
years, but were disfranchised by the Ed
munds-Tucker act m 1887. In 1895, when
Utah was preparing to come in as a State,
all political parties indorsed woman suf
frage, it was incorporated in the State con
stitution and carried by an overwhelming
majority. As showing the progress ol
public opinion in this direction may be
cited the fact that, while six yeurs before
the admission of Wyoming "with woman
suffrage had been bitterly opposed in Con
gress, there was no objection whatever in
the case of Utah. Her women have now
the full Presidential suffrage. Under date
of February 15, 1896, Governor Heber M.
Wells writes:
My position on the suffrage question is that
man has no business to restrict woman in her
rights. There is no justice or reason in the
common plea that woman should not be al
lowed to vote because she is going out of her
sphere. She can stay right in her sphere au<l
vote too. She is equally interested with man
in all the qnestions that concern the public
welfare. She is not denied the freedom of
speech, then why deny her the freedom of the
ballot? She may discuss public men and
measures in the home circle, express her pref
erence for this or that man for Mayor or Con
gressman, but if she desires to go once a year
to the polls to manifest her preference in a
way that will count, some burly man will tell
her to go home and mind her business and
tne children. If woman wishes to vote and hold
office there is no justice in preventing her
by man-made law. Utah has taken advanced
ground on this proposition. Its constitution
declares that the right of the citizens of the
State to vote and hold office shall not be de
nied or abridged on account of sex; that both
male and female citizens shall enjoy equally
all civil, political and religious rights and
privileges. The effect of this provision will
not be to degrade lovely woman and drag her
from the precincts of her hallowed home down
into the filthy pool of politics. She can stay at
home and mend stockings just as well now as
she ever could. But if, after the stockings are
all mended and the babies are all tended, she
wants to go uround the corner and vote against
a bad man who is running for office she has a
perfect right to do it in Utah. There is no
tenable ground for refusing woman the fran
chise. 1 think all the arguments against it
ever conceived were adduced at the public de
bate here last spring. But the cause had as
many winning ways as woman and it won.
Senator Cannon says: "Utah would
have wandered in the wilderness another
forty-nine years before coming into the
Union without her women. Utah gave
woman suffrage while still a Territory.
Congress took it away after the women
had exercised it intelligently for years,
but tbe tirst chance tbe men of Utah had
they gave it back."
It seems that testimony could not be
any stronger and more conclusive than
this which has been given. The opponents
of woman suffrage can meet it with noth
ing but speculation and theory. All sorts
of dreadiul things might happen if the
women of California are enfranchised.
But they have not happened in other
States where women have had the ballot
for years. Are the women of California
less intelligent, less capable, less trust
worthy than those of other States? Such
an insinuation is an insult. These old,
worn-out objections belong to a past gen
eration. The men of this State are alert,
progressive, up-to-date. Woman suffrage
is a large, progressive movement in tbe di
rection of social and political reform and
should be heartily supported by every
man who desires what is best for his State
and his country. Ida A. Habper,
Chairman State Press Committee.
OPPOSED BY THE OSOPHISTS
Woman's Ethical Nature Liable to
Give Way Before the Onslaught
of Practical Politics.
It is no reflection upon women who
advocate political equality for the sexes
to say that tbe enfranchisement of woman
would in a most insinuating way encour
age tbe adoption of a less exacting code of
ethics to guide and warn womankind. It
la claimed, how ever, and no doubt sin
cerely believed by practically all suf
fragists, that the cause for which they are
laboring is necessarily ethical because of
their identification with it, but ethicists
generally dispute that, and for abundant
reason. It is a fact that humanity does
not advance wholly upon ethical lines,
and hence the public work devolving upon
the enfranchised man or woman could not
be altogether ethicized. It is the fact, too,
that civilization is urged forward by two
more or less antagonistic force 3, one of
which is ethical in some degree, whiie the
other is not at all so. The non-ethical
force is blind desire to secure political
privileges for the one purpose of remov
ing obstructions that lie between purpose
and accomplishment. This would be un
bridleu license to give full play to un
ethical desires. The ethical, or rather the
partially ethical, force would use political
privileges with discriminating judgment,
first for a purely selfish purpose— to ac
cumulate property holdings and social po
sition for personal advantage— and, sec
ond, for the altruistic purpose of perpetu
ating the privileges for the eood ot poster
ity. This is as near an ethical basis for
political privileges as can be reached until
man himself adopts a very much higher
code of ethics than now prevails in the
world for his conduct of inner and out
ward life.
Yet, while realizing that the substruc
ture of political privileges must be some
wtat ethical in character, neitner one of
these forces would admit, nor would the
philosophical woman suffragist admit that
the superstructure could be ethicized, ex
cept by the Blow process of that moral
unfoldment which is the privilege of the
experience gathered from the field of the
ego s planting ana harvesting during
many well-spent lives upon this earth. It
follows, therefore, that the political en
tranchisement of woman would not only
not ethicize the Nation's economic or so
cial influence, but it would seriously en
danger her own progress and be almost
sure to make bad Karma for the Nation,
lor the community, for the family and for
the individual.
The ultimate evolution of personal cre
ation is into impersonal Brahm, but re
taining individuality. The dewdrop that
returns to the sea is still an individual
dewdrop. The frog could not be a frog
without first acquiring all the experience
of tadpole life, nor could the butterlly
poise in midair and flash its many colors
until it bad gathered to itself the personal
experience of caterpillar life.
lhe evolution of the ego is a process or
method of universal life, which is force
and intelligence, to carry the individual
SDirit from experience to experience, and
t never permits the ego to omit, pass by
or forget a sinele phase of existence. In
each incarnation the ego must ascend into
all the heights and traverse all the deptas
within the ranee of its environment and
opportunity. Destiny surveys ana marks
out the way and assigns to duty the eeo
in the held of each incarnation, and Karma
keeps note of things done and undone,
lo journey upon a path or highway other
!1 j one upou wnicQ " es t°e then
needed experience is not only to sow and
reap tares and poison-weed one's own self,
but it is to scatter seed of tares and poison
weed for another to harvest. When dwell
ing in a house ot flesh and representing
the female principle of universal lite, the
ego has a distinctive duty to perform and
distinctive experiences to acquire, and so
it has when representing the male princi
ple. There is nothing inharmonious
naturally between these two paths of ex
perience acquiring, because every ego must
travel both to the very end— now a man,
now a woman — but to essay to cross and
recrpss from path to path until the harvest
for that incarnation is gathered is to defy
the law of God.
The ego when loyally fulfilling the
divine mission of womanhood is upon the
plane of wisdom and spirituality, while
the ego, as mac, is generally upon the
plane of love and materiality. Love is not
an attribute of deity, because ii is uncer
tain, changeable and influenced by cir
cumstances. Wisdom is the incentive to a
life of godliness in spirit and in truth, and
love is the incentive to a life of sense
pleasure. Wisdom seeks for fresh experi
ence in the realm of righteousness, and
love seeks for gratification in the realm of
satisfaction, or in what is misnamed hap
piness. The Over Soul comes in touch
with humanity by wisdom leading
humanity upward, but loves kindness by
tarrying to toy with briar and thistle, thus
deceiving itself and humanity. The ego
when clothed in wisdom, or the female
principle of universal life, is lofty of pur
pose and sincere in endeavor. It comes a
woman that when it comes again a man,
it may be more able to sow purity and
gather godliness.
But why, then, do some women aspire
to the plane of love rather than to tbe
realm of wisdom? Because in a previous
incarnation the love principle so predomi
nated, through failure to cultivate its op
posite, that Karmic law consigns them in
this incarnation to dwell upon the outer
edge of the material and spiritual restless
ness of man's self-made sphere. Not that
they are not good and true women, but
rather that they must learn tbe lesson
they neglected to learn before — that uni
versal fife places the burden of carrying
humanity forward upon the shoulders of
woman because her way is the way of
spiritual wisdom. But if she fails to em
ploy wisdom's influence for humanity's
spiritual good the fault is hers and she
must atone for duty neglected.
The world's great arid holy teachers of
truth have always been men in whom the
gentleness of woman and the wisdom of
God predominated ia the immediately
preceding incarnation. Therefore, for a
woman to engage in political strife is to
show that in her latest previous life she
held to a life of agitation and to acts ma
terial in conception and in execution.
The cause of manly women and womemy
men appearing upon the world's stage is
distinctly seen in the operation of Karma.
There are other reasons why woman
suffrage is not in accord with the philos
ophy of theosophy. The right to vote
carries with it the right to hold office, and
tbe spirit which makes a woman long for
political equality would make very many
women lone for not only office but the
spoils of office, and if her ethical nature
should eive way before the onslaught of
practical politics upon her morals, she
would be stranded. Still she would re
main a woman, and tbe monad seeking an
opportunity to again take up its round of
experience would recite in the story of its
environment the ethical effect of such an
avenue of rebirth. Aside from a repre
sentation of the wisdom of universal
life in its work of advancing humanity
Godward, woman is commissioned by
nature to afford the reincarnating monad
tbe highest, the purest and the most en
couraging conditions under which to re
sume Its pilgrimage. For that, if for no
other reason, she should keep herself un
fettered from politics.
Political equality makes a common meet
ing ground for all kinds of men and all
kinds of women. If in its practical opera
tion man should prove to be the stronper
his methods and standard of conduct would
prevail and tbe woman would have to con
form thereto or abandon the field alto
gether. If the woman should prevail she
would also govern, but in any event pos
terity would suffer. The ethical influence
of the good woman which, by common
consent, places her in advance of man in
civilization's onward march would be lost
to those now upon the earth and to those
who must come again. It is a most serious
thing to retard soul growth, but it is an
even more|seriouß thing to|thrustja reincar
nating ego amid environment that is the
product of willful degeneracy. Because of
the relation she holds to those already
here and to those awaiting opportunity to
again begin work upon the fabric of their
existence, theosophy protests that woman
is bound by the ties of the brotherhood of
man and of the glory that awaits the earn
ing of it for every age in the flesh or out of
it, to keep herself the embodiment of the
wisdom of God and the fit vehicle for
awaiting souls to employ to fetch them to
tne field of their life's labor that they may
work out their redemption. Armoxd.
THE WOMAN'S CONGRESS.
Indications That Its Third Annual
Meeting Will Be Replete With
Interesting Features.
Women throughout the State are pre
paring to attend the annual meeting of
the Woman's Congress which will open
to-morrow in Native Sons' Hall.
Two years ago the iirst convention was
held in Golden Gate Hall and was so in
teresting and so largely attended as to
command the attention of even the bitter
est opponents of all that savors of woman
suffrage.
The next convention met last year in
Golden Gate Hall— that is it tried to, but
there was so much crowding and discom
fort owing to the large number of partiei- i
pants, many of whom bad come from dis- I
tant parts of the State, and so large a pro
portion of the delegates were unable even ■
to effect an entrance into the hall, that
the congress made arrangements to hold
its sessions in the First Congregational
Church, which was barely large enough
to accommodate the thousands who at
tended.
This, the third annual meeting, prom
ises to be more important than either of
its predecessors. The topic to be discussed,
"W oman and Government," and its vital
bearing upou the present movement in
favor of woman suffrage, gives it a peculiar
interest. The prospectus issued by the
congress refers to the subject in the fol
lowing terms:
California will presently be called upon to
decide whether she will give to her women
their share in the rights and duties, the privi
leges and obligations of government, ana the
decision should rest upon & clear and full
knowledge of the matter in hand.
With this iv view the congress will give this
year's session to a most careful exposition of
government and woman's relation to it.
The best minds ou this coast, as well as
trained thinkers and speakers from other
States, will be called upon to assist in the
work, and the pnolic will have full opportunity
not only to become acquainted with the newest
and bent thoughts, but to take part in the dis
cussions of this great question.
The treatment of the subject planned is ex
haustive and thorough. Beginning with an
analysis of Government as a social function it
is our plan to trace its birth, growth und latest
development, and to indicate the trend of Gov
ernment to-day. The principles of American
Government, as distinctive of our people, will
be carefully explained.
Among the speakers will be some of the
most cultured ladies of the State. Nor
will man be ignored, since each day one
or two of his kind will have a chance to
say his little say before an audience far
more critical than those found at most
political conventions. No paper is to
exceed twenty minntes in delivery, and
wUI be followed by a discussion lasting ten
minutes. The first day's programme will
be as follows:
Morning session, 10:30 o'clock— Address of
welcome, Mrs. Sarah B. Cooper, president ot"
Ibe congress; response. Miss !?usan B. Anthony
of Rochester, N. V., and Mrs. Henrotin of Chi
cago, 111.; introduction of speakers; opening
address by the president.
Afternoon session. 2:30 o'clock— "The Be
ginning* of Government" (ft paper), Mrs. Char
lotte Perkins Stetson, Chicago, 111.; "Func
tions of Government," President Kellogg, Uni
versity ol California.
Evening session, 8 o'clock — "The Evolution
of Government," President Jordan, Leland
Stanford Jr. University; "The Trend of Gov
ernment To-Day," Key. Anna H. Shaw.
By a short passage of 148 miles the
Languedoc ship canal, in France, saves a
sea voyage of nearly 2000 miles by the
Straits of Gibraltar.
_^raW TO-DAY— DRY GOODS. ' ' - . ' °
Three *
Special
Bargains
IN
»•• ooicn :.'■'.-/• " i: -
Woolen
Dress Fabrics!
ILOOYartT
50-INCH SATIN FINISH
FRENCH COVERT CLOTH
for Tailor and Outing Suits, ■ ! • •' ■ •■•-.■ ••"-•■ ■•■■."•■ •"•.•■
9 different colorings.
75c Yard.
; 40-INCH FRENCH NOVEL- > :
TV PLAIDS, pure silk and
wool, latest styles and
colorings.
I : 50c Tart. : • \ ■.•■■■ . . i>MMM^m
42-INCH INDIGO STORM W&££ssM{£ll(&£j- : :
CHEVIOT (French manu- : '
facture), warranted fast ... • . ; U:k": ; r V
colors.
Write for Samples of Above Goods; "
T:HXjEi»^o*a":Es iVE.^Lxxti' 5777.
ill, 113, 115, 117. 119. 121 POST STREET.
Mr auction
WEDNESDAY, MAY 6, AT 12 M.
—OF-
fi^ 9 Real Estate.
Income tenement property, No. 108 Langton
■ street, rents $41.
11-room nice home, No. 1526 Clay street, will
: rent $50.
Business property, corner Sixteenth and Guer-
rero streets, three frontages, rents $160.
Downtown, No. 129 Third street, near Mission,
rents $128.
Store and flats, No. 823 Howard street, near
Fourth, rents $130.
Cottage home, No. 432 Twenty-eighth street,
near Noe. rents $15.
Business corner, SE. corner Twenty-third and
' Hampshire streets, rents $32. . -
Richmond home, No. 219 Sixth avenue, near
California street, rents $20.
Three flats, No. 209 Fourteenth street, near
. Howard, rents $47.
Mission home, NE. corner Jersey and Vicks-
burg streets, rents $25. .■■ . » /
Building lots, SE. corner of Noe and Ridley
streets. ' . ■- v .
Business lot, Twenty-fourth street, near San-
chez. , ;
French flats, No. 1231 Union street, near Lar-
kin, rents $47.
AT SALESROOM, 602 MARKET.
roR
m Fine Tailoring
%£T ■ Perfect Fit. Best of Workmanship at
jgSrgQ^ Moderate Prices, go to
tFine Tailoring
Perfect Fit. Best of Workmanship at
Moderate Prices, go to
JOE POHEIM
THE. TAILOR.
Be PANTS made to order from $4.00
|| j| SUITS made to order from $!5.00
I J X MY $17.50 and $35 SUITS
>#^L 201 and 203 Montgomery St., cor. Bush
724 Market St. 1110 & 1112 Market St.
SAN FRANCISCO.
NEURALGIA,
SORE THROAT,
SORE EYES,
SPRAINS AND BRUISES
QUICKLY RELIEVED AND CURED BY
MITCHELL'S MAGIC LOTION. *
It Sever fails to Relieve. Can't Hurt a Child. Costa 2.1 Cents to Try IU
Any Druggist fFill Vet It for You. Study the Directions.
LAST ; WEEK
.^:;.'.;'/ .. ' OF THfi— — - -■-■-'.■■-
: GRAND SPECIAL SALE!
A RARE BARGAIN
CHANCE. DON'T
MISS IT. J^^X^W
VV^ojjjJ^^To Be Sold at
50c on the Dpllar. .
CONSISTING Ot"— -\ '•'-/.- •
Toys, Fancy Goods, Notions,
Toilet Articles, i
Stationery, Fans, Albums, *" '-: '- : .
Purses, Bags, Soaps, Perfumery,!
Plated ware, Clocks, Jewelry, * 
Watches, Handkerchiefs; ■ .
Hosiery, Gloves,
Mousefurnishing Goods, ■,? ';.' ?'"-'/■'/.; '.-
Men's Furnishings, Mats, b .
Trunks, Valises, Dolls, '
Baby Carriages, Vases, _ '. ..
Flower Pots, Etc. ;":■.:
j __
NEW WESTERN HOTEL. / ',
KEAKXY AND WASHINGTON BTS.— RB-
modeled and renovated. KING, WARD CO. •• "
i European plan. Kooms 60c to Cl 50 per day, .JJ
■ to ?8 per week. «8 to Sift) per montn: free battis:
i hot and cold water every room: lire grates iv '
every room; elevator runs all night,f>>^^:E6R(JB,.FIiINCISf > >^^:E6R(JB,.FIiINCIS TRAIN has
' f §■'■■'■■ -t^-.-^ n.- treated -still again by an
, tl : I 1 ".''Eastern magazine under the title
:. >^^J\;Of "The Most, Eccentric Man in
■•'•'.• ■ • : • the :Wori.d.:'
" ; The author is not to be found fault with
; Shaving 1 missed his estimate of Train.
"Two. generations have tried to guess out
'the mystery -of this man. The superficial
"'.view- has always .made of him "the most
. .eccentric; man the world." To me, who
. claini. to." know him better than .does any
•body, he.' is the most picturesque character |
•of the ti.ni.ej - 1 have had opportunity and |
' interest to study him as no other man has i
had, and I 'look 'forward, riot with confi
• dence but with .certainty, that some morn
ing. I" shall-- draw 1 back my blinds to dis
cover myself : famous, having the night
•'bdfore.wrltteft the simple story-of his life
-.as" I know it; ! ■ .
• W-ben I. talk of certainty it is qualified,
'of course;, : by the -'exactions of. the news
paper-grind' and the also certain onset of
its incidental- paresis, which in my case j
■. must" be sufficiently postponed beyond that
.vague-day "when. I shall have time."
: - Nor .while' setting this intention of mine
ouf.in'. the light am I forgetting that the
• aislesare crowded with eager writing t>eo- '
pie seekin-g themes. For no other man
can. gain the end with this one. To all oth
ers i.t is threadbare; They will all end with J
• the shallow reiteration ■"Th.c most eccen
. trii? man in- the world." . ■ '
• • -For s'iity.-seven days I was the constant
companion 'of-. Train in his tour of the
. world. ..against tinje— the swiftest tour of
the world.. "To-be sure, one-other man lias
had that experience since then, but he is
■ already in an "insane asylum. For the
time being, I Lave him at a disadvantage.
-.' Besides, he had only opportunity — neither
' interest-, application or talent. .
Away back somewhere i n the fog, George
Francis Train knocked one day . at the
■door of the editor's room of the .Louisville. !
...Cburier-Jounial, and was admitted by
. Will Visscher, who has since .developed
• into • one of the' best story-tellers and
': sweetest singers of ' the South.- Visscber
. was .then: secretary, to George D. Prentice,
■ and the story of that meeting between the
• handsomest and best-dressed young man
° he had •ey.er seen. and the most slipshod
•and' ilLJooknig-^-the"latter being Prentice—
.' isoiie of the best -that he tells. After an
•interview of twenty minutes between the
-. two, .Tf-ajn, with. manners of a courtier,
. bowed Vhimself out, abd Prentice, begin
.'ning'to-.pace..the• floor in his torn old
.dressing-i-Qfw-n. ami slippers, dictated to
. her /-that; . Q.escription "of Train that
. has. •'taken .a-perTßanent place in literature
..and. has .stood Jpr all other descriptions
: ' 'a -paragraph without punctuation,
.-•aK ; e.ngirie turp'ecl upside down, its cow
•' catcher, struck in a. stump, its wheels turn
. ..i.hg a '.thousand revolutions a minute; the
••brains of twenty men all pulling in differ
..••-entdifections," etc. .- .*
':* -. SoTrairn's crime' of eccentricity is not
,- new toiim.-. ; And out of.its reiteration he
'. invented ' this word "crank" many years
".'ago. : - For a crank is crank without
.[ its' ec-centric, you know. : - 1 remember his
telling about it at a banquet he gave at
FRANCISC TRAIN
_s - •.""•-- r -^ o-^. r ' ' _ ♦
Singapore the one night we stopped there.
At Singapore one can throw stones on the
Equator.' so the table was placed outdoors
on the balcony and under the electric
lights of the Hotel de l'Europe.
There were twenty people at the table —
government officials and newspapermen
— and I imagine, though tiger-nan ting
anil such things are common diversions
down there, they have not often had such
an entertainment as they had that night.
Train sat at tnf head of t he table and lit
tle was expected of the others but to listen.
"I have been fooling the world for thirty
I years with this word 'crank,'" he said.
| "Do you not know that it is a crank that
moves the world? It is by a crank that
j flour is ground and engines are run, and
light and water are furnished. Everything
worth speaking about is done with a
crank. . They have been calling me ec
centric. I turned the joke on them with
this word, the real meaning of which they
<!o not stop to think of. lam the chief
and prince of cranks — they have been say
ing so for years."
Now this is really the cue to Train, and
answers 10,000 questions. He is impatient
iof the people. His so-called eccentricities
grow out of his contempt for the crowd.
Starting in with "the brains of twenty
men," and knowing that most others have
barely enough for one. he expected "recog
nition" — is still expecting it. His brains
[ taught him the value of clothes and
courtesy. With a fascinating per
sonality, applauded on every hand, a long
series of big things done standing to his
"ONLY THE CHILDREN UNDERSTAND 3IE — I AM MYSELF A CHILD."
"I AM THE CHIEF."
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY 3, 1896.
credit at a time of life when most men are
coming, callow, out of college, he became
"the people's" candidate for the Presi
dency by his own motion. Proclaiming
himself "citizen," the only citizen in the
country, there was yet always that within
him that taught him his right to nom
inate himself— to place the crown upon
his own head.
He traveled over the country making
his own canvass. Tumult followed him
everywhere. There was iiq doubt about
it — he was the one man of the people, he
was the citizen born to lead. The evidences
lay 3pread out in the daylieht and cried
everywhere in the night. If he entered a
theater to witness the play, he became the
j play. The audience rose up and would
I not be satisfied until he had spoken to
i them. It was so in the North and South,
in the big cities of the East and the min
intr camps of the West.
But when the voles were counted they
were nearly all for Grant. A few of them
were for Greeley.
For fourteen years after that George
Francis Train refused to speak to a man
■or woman. Even his own family came
i under the proscription — save one daughter
j whom he especially loves. Ah I believe
, me, it is a great story and I alone in the
'; world understand it.
He sat down one day on a bench in
j Madison square, New York, and with a
slight interruption, which I will tell you
: about, he has been sitting there ever since,
weather permitting. He is waiting for
j that crowd that he so much despises to
I come back and get down on irs knees and
■ beg him to lead them out of their difficulty,
rie knows their difficulty. He knows tne
way out. He knows that nobody else does
j know. And so he sits in confidence wait*
[ ing, perfectly happy, playing with the
i children, throwing crumbsto the birds.
Some day it will come to them with the
swiftness of inspiration, and he will be
j made dictator. He is absolutely certain
of it. The presidency he would not have.
i The president is a servant of the people.
| Train would serve but y iily. The defiant
"chief," he commands himself, and all
philosophers agree that that is the first
step toward dictating to nations.
"I went through Ireland during the
period of the Fenian agitation, and the
people crowded about me and offered to
make me their king," he said to me once.
"But I would not have it. I told them
that a No. 6 crown could not be made to
fit a No. 9 head. No, it is the dictatorship
or nothing. I will have nothing of king
ships or presidencies. And the applause
of the crowd; oh, I am sick of it."
Thus- the very gentlest of men. Con
stantly surrounded by children who r-hiini
him as their friend and companion, divid
ing among them his everlasting package
of peanuts or bunch of bananas, teaching
them his own consideration for the birds
that perch upon his shoulder— those who
view him in this, his customary attitude,
and co away with the notion that he is a
senile old man, a mere eccentric, make the
common mistake. He is virility itself.
He likes the word "vril." This long holi
day, this wide blue sky that gives no sign
of an active volcano — it is only because a
long training has taught the monster to
rumble softly and amuse the children.
Some day he will lift the lid from the
crater and say, "Now vomit; I must be
busy."
This laughing, gentle old man with the
big bonbonniere, swinging a jumping-rope
for a 6-y ear-old, is he letting the world
slide? He has a string on it — Me is watch
in? it very closely. If you can catch him
some time when he is not too busy teach
ing a little girl to ride a bicycle or win
ning points at mumble-peg from her
brother, just say to him "the tariff," or
"silver," or "this new policy in Borneo,"
or "the Transvaal," or "the expected baby
in the reigning family," or any other
question that the world, near or remote,
may be thinking of and then tell me if the
indications are not all there yet of the
brains of twenty men. let them be pulling
as they may. Ah, there is so much em
barrassing method in his madness. It
keeps the groundlings guessing and that
amuses him. These eccentricities they
talk about: I have said they are
born of his contempt for the people.
"I am a chief!" he says. "I was
born on the mountain. Is it my
fault that I alone see the valleys on
the other side? See, here is the multi
tude — the bankers, the common men of
Wai! street, for instance. There was one
man climbed so that he died somewhat
up the heights overlooking them, say
about half way. Here, on the summit, I
was born. So it is not strange they do not
understand me. Only I and a few others
understand Emerson."
So if he capers like an ape it is with the
thought that "they will understand this,
pchaps."
He will not shake hands with any adult,
nor allow any adult to touch him. He
has not done so for more than twenty
years. It is because he wishes to bold fast
hia vitality. He is a reservoir of electricity,
and contact with negative bodies taps
him. He will not allow any but children
to even sit upon the same bench with him
in the park, nor place a foot upon the
rung of his chair. Even the steady gaze
of the gaping idlers offends him lor this
same reason, and he usually holds an um
brella in reserve to lift and intervene. He
intends to live 200 years, ami to that end
must save his force. He has plenty of
time, therefore, and he is waiting toward
a great end.
Is this insanity? Train has been saying
this a great many years, and just now we
hear the lir*t low wash of the scientific
wave repeating the same thing — that by
living thus and so eating and refusing to
eat such and such, life may be extended
indefinitely. While proclaiming his in
tention — or rather not proclaiming it, but
simply answering the question when put.
to him— Train has also been living the life
that the scientists haw discovered to be
necessary to this end. He eats fruits and
nuts, very little of vegetable, no " dead
animals." And is not handshaking, kiss
ing and the liko also tabooed by tne
scientists? If alt this b.e true then Train
is eccentric because all the rest of us are
wrong.
Then again he wears a white suit of
Train as Equipped for His Sixty-Day Tour of the World.
clothes in summer and a large boutonniere
summer and winter and writes with a red
and blue pencil, and at times vigorously
denounces people and doctrines that he
don't like. These things also go for
eccentricity.
On the other hand, he is one of the most
geiiial, fascinating and altogether mag
netic of nun. His vit llasi es like the
sun on a lake, bright and kindly and con
slant. He enjoys his own jokes and those
of other people as well. A laugh gurgles
in his throat over the telling of h good
story, if it be for the hundredth time. He
is a philosopher. The tire within liim
does not consume. The dictatorship is sp
certain that he need only wait — not worry.
"Everything is worth having. Nothing is
worth worrying about. Relinquishment is
possession." That is his philosophy. And
in the meantime, as a mere private citizen,
his big personality maintain s him in the
public eye. So it cannot be said truth
fully, as it is nevertheless so often said,
that he is "growing more and more eccen
tric." For it is not many years since he
sat in the park, persistently sheltered by
his umbrella and refusing to speak to any
man. Now he talks incessantly, and no
man can now understand by what power
he maintained that tremendous silence.
Ah, it is a great story !
In the very prime of life, at the moment
I of his highest fame, he stepped out of it,
! closed his lips and sat in a quiet nook of a
j big city and watched the hurly burly go
j by. At that time and for years before he
l was one of the central figures of his time.
His opinion of values was quoted on
, Change. His mere presence in Wall street
cave brokers a palpitation of the heart.
Why, a short time ago I walked with him
into the balcony of the Stock Exchange
and was myself a witness that it stopped
that headlong rush of business at its merkl
i ian for five minutes. Some broker looked
I uu and said. "There is Train," and the
maniac yell of quotations died down as
though Sunday had come. It was his first
visit to the place for more than a quarter
of a century. He had been out of it all
that time and he is not in it again, but
j those brokers have memories. They re
i membered the time that he stood at the
) head as the organizer of the Credit Mobi
lier.
But from that height— to him the
heights are in the future— ■suddenly, and
in the full gaze of the people he" disap
peared, so to speak. For the bench that
became to him what the tub was to Diog
enes, was in the very path of Broadway.
No, his disappearance was not sudden,
only his subsidence lrom activity. For he
became a great card for newspapers for a
time. But as years ran on he even ceased
to be interesting in this regard and then
he faded out of view— the world forgot
George Francis Train. Fourteen years he
cemained tn this siience. watching the
panorama of the world through the news
papers with undiminished but speechless
interest.
Then with the same suddenuess with
which he left it he stepped back into the
woTld again. So far as the world was con
cerned it was the Kip Van Winkle story in
real life. A new generation had grown
up that only knew George Francis Train
through their fireside tales. The old men
refused to believe for a long time. But no
cold potatoes were offered him. He had
not been asleep. He csme back the same
dominating personality that had passed
out.
The Chicago anarchists had sent him a
round robin just prior to the date of their
iianging, begging him to come to their as
sistance. He answered them that he
would upon one condition: that if he
should fail they must go upon the scaffold
as brave men, singing the "Marseillaise."
They promised. It was a dramatic con
cepiion, the climax of which must be the
dictatorship. He would go to Chicago
and defy the authorities, overawe, if possi
ble, and himself get into jail, possibly.
The condemned Jmen would go to their
death singing revolution ia the "Marseil
laise. Perhaps— perhaps there would be
enough who would respond, and the dream
of these years would be realized.
It would not be a new experience. He
had been in jails in every part of the world
for "speaking his mind, as he put it.
Once, during the Fenian uprising, he was
lodged in jail in London and a communi
cation had reached him to the effect that,
if he would-give the word of assent, the
place would be stormed that night. He
said, "No, but as an evidence of your dis
pleasure tear down Hyde Park fence."
Thut night it was torn down.
But the world had grown older. He had
been watching the linesdeepen in her face
I while he himself stood by, smiling, and
| treasured up his youth. Within the week,
i now, he might suveauod that would shake
the world.
He did not say good-by. The children
and the birds came to the bench in the
j park in the morning and waited and
waited. Some of them fell asleep there.
i What had become of their playmate?
He had received the pledge of the an
! archists in the morning's mail and was al
! ready on the train going away to overturn
the Government. He wore his white
j duck suit, and the famous boutonniere
and the red fez of Mnrat. He was back
iin the world again. He did not have to
: take new lessons of its ways. He was at
j once the tiger of old, the courtier of old,
the prince of the present. There was the
tall, erect figure, the broad shoulders,
that carriage of the head, that quick, con
j lident stride, that placing of the foot that
, was p. sign of his born right to be dictator.
He did come very near getting into jail
jin Chicago. He held public meetings and
the police formed a large part of the audi
ence. After fourteen years of silence he
was on the platform again. Had he for
eotten the nrt of the orator? The police
men did not think so. He arraigned the
courts for passing judgment of death upon
mon for exercising the right of free speech.
He dehed the policemen to arrest him and
they were sorely tempted.
You have never heard Train? Then for
me you are impossible. The Southern Pa
cific transcontinental rates are high, to be
sure, but go and hear him.
He visited the Mayor and the Chief of
Police and challenged them to do to him
what they had done to the anarchists, for
be, too, was expressing his mind. But
they would not. The anarchists were
hanged. They sang the "Marseillaise."
A few other anarchists gathered in the
streets and muttered. Other men jostled
each other in the street, sold wheat, ran
for streetcars, forgot to order the coal,
were late for dinner, played with their b.i
bies — very lite any other Friday in Chi
cago. The sun went down. Tue great
coup did not so much as deserve a line in
the eager evening newspapers.
For this the silence of fourteen years
had been broken. Train, out of the dis
gust that he felt for it, went out of the
country— went to Canada. He quickly
tired of that, however, and returned to
Boston. There he did succeed in getting
into jail for something or other, and they
had quite a time getting him out, for he
was well pleased in his grim-gay way and
bought a suit of striped clothes to further
signify what the groundlings may do un
wittingly to their chief. But they expelled
him from jail on a habeas corpus or some
thing, and then he was at a loss again
what to 00.
He had returned to the world; he did
not think of going back to silence; the
Government as yet seemed secure on its
footing, and so, with his activities all
awake again, it became a question of how
he could be kept busy enough to employ
them. It was then he undertook to ac
complish a tour of the world in sixty days,
and I was sent with him, representing a
newspaper.
Can you imagine a prettier bit of dra
matic action than that of a public man
who has sat in silence for such a time that
the world has forgotten him, rising
! up from his seat to make a tour of the
world against time? Train had been over
i this track no less than three times before
! and in every port lonnu some old-time
! friends. He was in his element and en
joyed all that he saw with the pleasure of
a child. The constant change and excite
ment fitted into his temper for the time.
The only anxiety he ever expressed to me
was. "What shall Ido when the journey
is over? It is necessary to me that I
I shall be kept very busy now; otherwise I
I must return to silence and my children in
Madison Square."
I answered, "Why not keep moving;
; keop traveling round" the world? You have
been playing the hermit in New York. Go
to the other extreme; become the wander
ing American. It would be a great play."
"You have answered my question, " he
said. .
He has made one tour of the world since
then. He has traveled over a great part
of the United States. He was the dis
tinguished guest of the World's Fair at
Chicago, and many who were there during
the lonesome months of the opening and
who saw the rapid increase of attendance
after his arrival and the exercise of his
tremendous advertising powers gave him
credit for having practically "saved the
fair." He is in New York again with the
children in the park, but keeping busy
with his red and blue pencil while waiting
to be discovered for what he is.
Such is Train of to-day. He lives in a
little garret room in the Continental Ho
tel at Broadway and Twentieth street.
The room is piled up with books and i
paper*, most of which are valued because
they have reference to him. He has a j
small income and lives within it. He has
a wonderful system of economy. He has '
all the newspapers sent to liim every;
morning and rushes through them, ab- '
sorbing the news of the whole world in
rapid fashion. He breakfasts on a cup of
coffee, a few crackers and fruit, and j
straightway goes to his bench in the park |
and remains until the evening papers are i
out. He is in frequent demand at certain j
functions, for he is even a more entertain
ing after-dinner talker than Chauncey De
pew himself and his genial personality
makes him everywhere sought after.
George Francis Train was born near Bos- i
ton about 60 years asro. As a baby his
parents took him to New Orleans. There :
they died of yellow fever during a visita
tion of that plague that nearly depopu
lated the place. He remembers how the
carts drove through the deserted streets at
night, the drivers crying, "Bring out your
deadl" A Mississippi steamer was to
come up the river and some one put a tag
upon him by which the child was passed
along to Boston. He went to Harvard only j
as a grocer's boy, having business with the
kitchen. The head of the firm of Enoch
Train & Co. was his uncle. They were 1
merchants owning a line of sailing Vessels 1
and doing business with the whole earth, j
As a young man George Francis Train was
sent to take charge of the firm's interests !
in Liverpool. He developed rapidly.
Before his majority his salary was equal
to that of the President of "the United
States at that time. In London he became
a fad. When members of Congress -went
FAMOUS INDIAN RUNNERS.
Natives of the Colorado Valley Who Make iForty Miles in
Dr. Marc Levingston of this City has had
some curious experiences on the Western
border. Tliis is not generally known, for
the doctor during the last few years has
been so prominently before the people,
first as Coroner and afterward in politics,
and again in connection with one of the
famous Fair wills, that it has not been
known that he ever had anything to do
with the frontier.
However, he has been interested in min
ing both, in the northern and southern
portions of the State. He owns the old
Campbell mine, now better known as the
San Felipe mine, up the Colorado River
some distance from Yunia. He has been
interested in th<? mine six or seven years,
and at different periods has spent two or
three months there.
"I think the most remarkable thing in
my experience down there," said the doc
tor yesterday, "was the extraordinary en
durance which I witnessed of Un>><.' In
dians along the river. I refer to the Yu
nms. We used to employ them in the
mine.
"Why, I have seen those great, strap
ping barbarians take their shovels and
press them down into the rock with just
their hands — never using their feet at all —
and they would keep it up, go right along
that way. The strangest thing about it
was the rock was so hard, too. They
might have done it in sand easy enough.
Anybody could do that very readily, but
to work that way right in the hard rock
was something to me entirely novel and
in the nature of a revelation.
"There is another thing that those In
dians used to do that i never saw equaled,
or heard of its being equaled. They used
to, when we wanted to send any of them
down the river for the mail to'Yuma, go
right out to the river and jump in; pome
times there would be twenty or thirty of
them, and they just jumped in and floated
down. Didn't seem to bother them at all.
They didn't swim— seemed to stay rii;ht
in the current and float, while it bobbed
them along.
"They made the whole trip down, a dis
tance of twenty miles, in about three
quarters of an hour. Then they'd start
with the letters and come back up and
make the round trip inside of two hours,
the whole forty miles.
"The Colorado River at the San Felipe
mine is about as wide as the Sacramento
is at Sacramento. It is a big sweeping
stream with a swift rushing current. How
the Indians kept t! emselves up I don't
know, but they did it. That is their way
of going down to Yuma. Of a- Saturday
when they would quit work every Indian
we had would jump in the river and float
to Ynraa.
"The trip back is no easy trip, either. A
good deal of it is up very rugged heights.
They are not 5O high, though, as they are
difficult of access. The Indians ure ex
tremeiy useful in carrying ore. They
thought nothing of putting up on their
shoulders, without any help, a 200-pound
sack of ore. They did the work of horses
and mules and could pack like mules.
"But those Cocopah Indians, down on
ON A LO>G JOURNEY.
there they sought Train if they wanted an
introduction to some member of Parlia
ment. He was on easy footing with thft
government. He had a reserved seat on
the floor of Parliament. Against the bit
ter opposition of the cabmen— one of the
greatest of London monopolies — he secured
a franchise for laying a street railway in
London, the first street railway. The
track was laid and operated, but was after
waid torn up in a riot precipitated by the
cabmen. From Liverpool Train was sent
by his company to Australia, where he
immediately became the same potent fac
tor in affairs. He established stage lines
which for the first time regularly con
.nected the widely separated settlements.
At the breaking out of the war in this
country Train was sent to England, where
his speeches did much to check the stam
pede of public sympathy in favor of the
South and kept him in constant hot water
with the British authorities. His speeches
were reprinted in this country by the Gov
ernment and scattered throughout the
army as an : agent to quicken patriotism.
He organized tho Credit Mobilier, made
the speech at Omaha at the turning of
ground for the first Pacific railroad, and
was charged with insanity in the Chinese
Mail of Hongkong, because, in that speech
35 years ago, he predicted a time when
Paris to Peking would mean fifteen days.
In a tour of the world a few years after
he heard, while at Singapore, of the fall of
Napoleon, and went steamer haste to Paris,
made a speech in French in the Paris
Opera-house, at the end of which he was
picked up and carried through the streets
by the excited people. Gambetta had him
Kidnaped and carried by special steamer
across the Atlantic. Then he ran for
President. Tne rest has been told. He is
wailing for the {tricking of the conscience
of the crowd that turned from him.
B. W. Wai l.
Two Hours.
the south near the gulf, so far as speed is
I concerned, don't take a second pluce with
I anything there is on the Upper Colorado.
In L 894 Senator Fair was down there. He
was interested in a lot of land — about 1,000,
-000 acres, and he went down to sea it and
get braced up, his health not being good.
That is a very hot, dry climate, which
makes it one of the best places lor
the cure of consumption that I
know of. Well, he used to utilize
the Indians to bring up our mail
from Yuma and such other things as he
stood in need of from time to time. The
Cocopahs are all giants. There are none
of them that are not six feet high, and
there are lots of them that are more than
I that— great big fellows. The first time
Senator Fair saw these Indians running
he was struck with surprise. 'Why, look
at them,' he said. 'Did you ever see any
thing like them?' They went with a
; swinging run and kept it up all day in the
; terribly dry heat.
"The distance down to Yuraa from our
.■ place was called a hundred miles in round
: figures, but it was about ninety-five. The
; Indians would go down one day and come
; back the ?iext, and come back in cood
! shape, too, and running right along.
I Didn't seem a bit tired. Why, you talk ot
, men of the .Stygian Alps and the runners
jin other parts of the world. I never saw
I mountaineers or plainsmen that could be-
I gin to approach these people.
"The Government sends these Indians
long distances over the desert with the
I mails. When running, the Indians are
entirely naked, with the exception of a
breech-cloth. They carry only a canteen
of water and a bit of food. One of the
| famous runners of the desert is Indian
jiln."
t General Guilliamo Andrade, now a resi
dent of this City, who owns the large area
of la:ul near the Gulf of the Colorado in
Lower California, said of. the Cocopah
runners' and the tribes to which they
belong:
"These Indians are of two kinds, tho
valley Indians and the mountain Indians.
The valley Indians are very tame, kind
and gentle, while the mountain Cocopahs
are comparatively wild. These two kinds
of Indians hate each other. They are
well formed, bic and strong,
"After Thomas Blythe died, Philip A.
Roach, his administrator, Mr. Warner ar.d
I and one or two others went, down to
look over his great estate lying on tha
Colorado. We were at the Colorado col
ony, sixty-five miles from Yuma, ana one
evening, expecting to be there five or *;x
dins yet, we concluded to send an Indian
up to Yuma for our mail. The Indian
was called up and he started out at sunset.
'Alter he had gone we concluded, after
all, we wouldn't stay, and that we would
pack up and gb ourselves to Yuma. It
took us a little while to do this, but we
finally got off. W r e expected to meet the
Indians away up near Yuma somewhere,
but we had barely got started when the
Indian arrived with the answer.
"He had traveled 130 miles in thirty-five
hours, not counting the time he had to
sleep or get anything to eat.
"Their runners beat all the runners of
the earth of which I have ever heard.
Their muscles seem to be of steel, and
their lungs ure so good that they are sus
tained in their remarkable trips in a way
that lays it over all the horses we have."
1718
:.-• . [Dr. iEntrefort was greatly startled when I
RsU.ed hiija this .question: '-Is it not possible
that- a person, -nlay conceive a purpose so
absorbing .; and . overmastering and so deeply
. .grounded in a vipient passion that it will per
.Bist-for an .appreciable time even after the
. supervention af: death? 1 ' "Why do you ask
'.-.. that?'-? he exclaimed, excitedly. Then I told
him of a singular occurrence which had fallen
'■ .under my observation. . In brief it was that of
a.man who, after his aorta:had been severed
by a knife in the. hands of an enemy, pursued
his adversary.. for a third of a mile and then
fell dead. At the autopsy, which I attended,
the surgeon remarked: "This man had been
dead some time before' he fell, and while he
v. as still, pursuing 1 .his assailant." "What he
reajly meant," '. said Entrefort thoughtfully,
"was that. the. man had been virtually, not
really, dead: but foe had uttered a remarkable
truth unwittingly. Have you ifot observe.!
the wonderful power of the will over the body?
Have you riot seen death held at bay for hours
by sheer will force and witnessed its unneces
sary advene by a succumbing of the will?
The subject .is exceedingly complex' and
mysterious, as I any. able- to- show you by nar
rating a. strange occurrence.'' Ue thereupon
toid me the subjoined story.]
PRINCESS EOLIE, in whose
father's palace 1 was for a time
court physician, had a morbid pas
sion for music. It should be! ex
plained that she was very young,
being in that unformed condition peculiar
to many girls who have passed childhood
and are not yet complete women. Her
case was the strangest I had ever seen.
Her intellect -was of surpassing brilliancy
and her nervous condition that of pro
longed ecstacy. All the hysterical tenden
cies peculiar to one of her lawless tem
perament were centered in music of the
grotesque and outlandish order. She
reveled ifi the weird Hungarian creations
of -L.ifzt, -'maintained a Chinese orchestra
and lived in the queer mysticism of Grieg.
For the profundity and majesty of Beetho
ven, the dreamy beauties, of Mendelssohn
and the brilliancy of Chopin, ?he could
cultivate no regard. Only wiid departures
from the average claimed her attention,
and her- passion for these was as uncon
trollable as it was dangerous.
With this she had an uncommonly
• Bweet and affect ion aie disposition and was
exceedingly eraceful and pretty. It was
cLearto.jne that this odd muiical taste
was merely an indication of a profound
.psychological condition that at any time
■ might turn to some other manifestation.
That she had not yet fallen rashly and
violently in love I was sa.tislied was due to
the' fact that all the superlative qualities
.;•■ of her nature Kad found vent thus far in a
fondness for weird music. I dreaded the
time when her .morbidness might make a
' startling- departure. '.
One of the ladies of the court had a =on
who, after a long stay abroad in college,
. returned and renewed his childhood ac
quaintance with Enlie. He was as strange
in his way as she in hers. He was about
21 years old, and though possessed of a
tine mind had barely escaped a disgrace
ful failure to complete his education. . His
bent was for music, but his mother, re
garding that as an ignoble profession,
albeit a graceful accomplishment, did all
in her power to .suppress the tendency and
force him into one of the learned profes
sions. As a result he returned to the
world sadiy crippled in mind, unhappy in
. spirit and with a wasted body and a singu
larly pathetic expression of "face. He was
slight and deiicate and his gentle beauty
was more like that of a girl than a nian.
It seemed so me then that he and the
•' -Princess,".' widly separated as they were
by social barriers, were destined to suffer
each on the other's account.
As their renewed acquaintance grew
closer each became aware of an intangible
. barrier reared between them, but they were
ignorant of its character. The truth was
■ that .she; was vastly hi 3 intellectual su
perior, warped and twis.ted though she
•;• was at that time. It was impossible for
.him to imagine the profounder depths of
her character, her infinite capacity for
love, the passionate protest of her whole
nature against the conventions which
restricted her freedom and which as yet
she sought to violate oniy by indulging
a morbid taste for lawless music. All that
he could see was that she loved music of
that kind. This was so contrary to his
own conception of the beauties residing in
that exquisite art that he was thrown into
despair, nnd tortured himself with pitying
that in her which be could not under
stand. That she exercised an indesenb
able fascination over him was manifest.
He felt it indefinably, but as it brought
pain instead of pleasure he couid do no
more than nurse his wretchedness and
persuade himself that it was impossible
for them to love each other.
Not far from the summer palace of
Eohe s father was a grand cathedral :with
wonderful chimes and a noble organ. • The
bellringer was a man with a singularly ill
favored and sinister face. He had been a
servant of ihe king's household from birth
and had always been a devoted slave to
the beautiful Jittle girl Eolie. It was
never suspected, now that she was enter
ing upon womanhood, that this strange
creature had ever cherished for her any
feeling other than that of a slave. He had
encouraged every whim and vagary that
seized her, and when her odd musical
taste became dominant he had mastered
by dint of stealthy and indefatigable labor
so much of fhe principles of harmony as
enabled him to produce weird and gro
tesque effects on the cathedral organ.
Thus it had come about that many a time
he had induced her to visit the cathedral
by stealth, where be would play for her
the fantastic creations of his own brain.
It was doubtless by design that this fel
low had- studiously kept himself from my
observation. When it was too late I real
ized the savage character of his heart and
tinderstood the fearful malady which made
him the. central figure of. one of the
etran ..est tragedies that the world has
seen. Eolie's knowledge that she was so
unlike other girls naturally made her se
cretive and at the same time developed a
very strong self-reliance within her. For
all her sweetness, unselfishness and affec
tion she had a will, which, being master
ful anJ as yet uncultured, took the form
of a "-desperate stubbornness that nothing
could check. In order for it not to be
visible she resorted to secretiveness.
It never occurred to her innocent nature
that the.strange, savage bellringer cared
for her other than as a faithful slave. In
need, his striking dissimilarity to other
men was one of the main bonds that
(•ound'her to him. He had coarse, rebel
lious hail- tinged with gray. His sunken
torehead.was deeply creased with a hori
WHEN-LOVE-IS-OMNIPOTENT-
I«Pl riopß°w
zontal furrow in the. skuil. His eyebrows I
were stiff bristles, iong and shaggy, and
underneath them his small and exceed
ingly sharp gray eyes burned and blazed
with a shifting luster. His heavy jaw and
coarse lips were partly hidden by a ragged
growth of hair. Altogether, his aspect was
ferocious and forbidding, and a student of
morbid conditions would at once have rec
ognized the terrible things that lay hidden
and suppressed in his nature, to break
forthon sufficient provocation with a ter
rible force that no human agency could re
strain.
This uncouth, slouching, night-haunting
figure exercised an influence ovrr this
young girl that no one suspected, so care
fully laid were his plans, so clear his under
standing of her character and so sly the
method of his procedure. It is not difli
cult to imagine that when the childhood
companion of the beautiful girl reappeared
on the scene the suspicion, cunning and
ferocity of the bellringer were roused to
renewed vigor and activity.
As for the young m;t;;, whose name was
Charles, he nursed his aching heart, mi
taking for mutual antinathy a mere lack
of undeveloped sympathy. When ho hod
thoroughly come to understand ihe strange
current in which Eolie's musical
taste flowed be unconsciously turned
his own attention thitherward, with
no intelligent purpose in the act.
He studied Wagner, Liszt and
Grieg, and forced an unnatural belief in
his mind that they really opened up a
wonderful vista in musical concept ion.
He could not realize that tlieir productions
were utterly and irreconcilably antagon- i
istic to everything in his nature, and yet, i
like one who in grief or despair turns j
to hashish for relief, he saw in the music
of those masters, not the true pnilosophy
which inspired it, but a confusion of fan
tastic, unwholesome and intoxicating pic
tures. It was upon this intoxication that
his nature, urged by something which be
could not define, fed gingerly at first and
then ravenously.
The result was that he eventually pro
duced a composition of his own, which, in
his opinion, contained the essence of all
the element! that had fascinated Eolie.
He practiced it unceasingly on the cathe- j
dral organ, never suspecting that two
burning gray eyes watched his every
movement and expression with unflagging
patience, haired and vindictiveness. What
thoughts may have forced themselves
through the dark and deformed mind of j
. the bellringer will never be known to mor- J
tal man. We can infer nothing except i
what was indicated by the fearful denoue- j
ment.
Charles' mother was aware of her son's
actions, for it was necessary to his weak
nature that he should have a confidant,
and that the keeper of his trust should be a
woman. She was strong, able and diplo
matic. Why should not her son aspire to
become the husband of a Princess? True,
from her point of view Eolie was merely a
willful, selfish creature, lacking in the
wholesome graces of womanhood, and alto
gether unworthy of the respect of well
regulated persons; but it is something to
be mother-in-law to a Princess and in time
mother to a Prince Consort, with the reins
of a great Government held securely in
hand. As for Eolie'a vagaries, the severe
discipline of a mother-in-law would be
sufficient to clip their wings and prevent
their soaring.
This able woman knew that her son was i
in lova with the Princess, that he was un
aware of the fact, that he had turned his i
attention to strange music for the uncon
scious purpose of winning her affections
and that he hoped by his production and
execution of this composition to accom- j
plish that end. With all tact she encour
aged her son, getting closer and closer into
his confidence. With infinite skill she let
Eolie into the secret by degrees without
the Knowledge of her son. At last, after
tedious intriguing too wearisome for the
teliing, she arranged with Eolie to visit
the cathedral with her on a certain night
when Charles, who had now mastered the
difficult technique of his com position, would
be able to play it successfully, and so, un
wittingly, make the finishing stroke.
All unconscious of the innocent plot
which his mother had laid, the young
man entered the cathedral. He was ig
norant alike of the two women who stood
with beating hearts behind the portiere
leading to the vestry and of an equally
silent and stealthy auditor who crouched
near him behind a bench against the organ
rail, where, fingering the keen edge of an
ancient sword which he bad taken from
the King's armory and sharpened for this
night's work, he held a handkerchief to
his mouth to smother the rasping breath
that whistled in his windpipe.
The two women had quietiy let them
selves into the cathedral through a private
entrance and had mac'.e no sound that dis
turbed the throbbing ears of the bell
ringer, and he was as ignorant of their
presence in the vestry lobby as were they
of his in the organ loft. The young man
was accompanied only by a faithful ser
vant who came to pump the organ. The
night was moonless, but the stars shone
with a line brilliancy, and their light,
sifted through the high stained windows,
filled the vast and solemn chamber with
a radiance so gentle that the definition of
all objects was vague and uncertain.
Eolie bad embarked in the adventure
partly through lack of fear long banished
by similar escapades in the past with the
bellringer, partly through idle curiosity
and partly in hope that herod friend was
really a genius of the order she loved.
Hence her anticipations were keen and
anxious. Every nerve in her exquisite
organization was eager and alert. Her
lips dumbly framed a fervent prayer for
the fulfillment of her hopes. As thus shs
stood absorbed and waiting, the hard,
shrewd woman who accompanied her ac
knowledged to herself that she had never
seen a picture so radiant and beautiful, so
full of grace and sweetness.
The first note stole softly through the
edifice. Others followed; the great un
conscious struggle with fate had begun.
The strain upon the anxious mother was
severe. Though herself having neither ear
nor soul lor music, she had believed her
son when he had told her that he had
composed a masterpiece that would send
his fame ringing throughout the earth.
A' he progressed steadily into the heart of
his composition shs stood with bated
breath anxiously watching the dimly
seen face of tne radiant maiden beside her.
To her unspeakable dismay Eolie, at
first eacrer and tran.-tixed, soon began to
relax and shrink within herself. A moan
of disappointment escaped from her lips.
She was listening merely to a wretched
jumble of incongruous commonplaces, in
which outlandish harmonies were mis-
EOLIE STOOD LISTENING TO THE UNEARTHLY MUSIC
[Sketched by a "Call" artist.]
taken for the expression of wild emotion?
and furious passages resembled the bur
lesque ravings of "a clown. The mother's
heart sank witnin her.
All at once, however, a wonderful
change came over the playing. It was like j
Eassing instantly from a ballroom into a •
attle. The inane echoes of the common- i
places to which they had been listening
we;e smothered in the remoter angles of
the cath'dral by a grand outburst of pas
sionate music such as no ear had ever !
heard before. Memories of Liszt and Grieg
were crowded out by the less sane but
immeasurably more appealing strains that
now sprang full-armed and terrible from
the bowels of the organ.
Eolie's attitude was now that of un
speakable rapture. This music was the
quintessence of all for which her soul had
yearned— was the full, rich meat that fed
her spirit so unstintingly where Liszt and
Grieg had only tantalized it with morsels i
that did not satisfy.
Thus she listened for an indefinite time
to this wonderful rhapsody, laving and
gorging her soul in its rich, unearthly
harmonies. Her b' auty assumed the
character of her inspiration; it was inde
scribably radiant and uplifted. While the
mother was regarding her with triumph
ant satisfaction a stealthy figure slipped
through the portiere and brushed her
skirts in passing. It was that of a man
with rebellious hair, shaggy brows and
gleaming eyes. In one band he bore a
sword, in the other an unnamable thing
that transformed the mother into ice. It
was no larger than a man's head, and
though the light was dim, its resemblance j
to that object and to a particular one most j
precious in all the world to her made the
mother sink senseless to the floor as the
crouching figure disappeared into the
deeper rear recesses of the church.
Still Eolie stood listening to the un- i
earthly music, which now was growing '
wilder, less coherent and fainter. From!
tho creation her spirit turned to the crea- :
tor. Unconscious of the inert form ly
ing shapeless on the floor beside her, she
pushed her way past the portiere and in a
trance sought the organ loft. Up in that
dark retrea* was all that her nature loved
and loi.gc(l for, sitting concrete and em
bodied ur. pouring out to her the wild
raptures ...» "that love for which her nature
had so bi'ndlv yearned. Blessing God for
the unspeakable happiness which he had
ut into her imperfect and starving
.tie, she ascended the steps to the loft,
hardly Ijreathing, pressing a hand upon
her stifling heart and constantly whisper
ing thanks and nraises to Almighty God.
She approached the organ seat. Her
lover's forn. — her own lover's, now and
forever — was faintly discernible as she
neared it. It was swaying unsteadily just
as the music was becoming disorganized
and unintelligible and soulless. With no
thought of tho maidenly modesty that
was so strong a part of her, she threw her
arms about the player in a transport of
love at the moment when he was toppling
THE SAX FRAXCISCO CALL, SUXDAY, MAY 3, 1596.
from the stool and they rolled together to
the floor. She whi.<i>ered her love, but
there was neither voice nor pressure in re
sponse. She sought the handsonie face
that she might rouse it to consciousness
and recognition with her kisses. A warm,
sickening fluid covered her lips. . . She
found that her lover's head had been sev
ered and was gone. After that tbe doors
of an asylum for the insane closed upon
the history of the beautiful Eolie.
CHILDREN OF PRESIDENTS.
A Daughter of. Andrew Johnson Still
Living in Tennessee.
. The living representative of the blood of
President Taylor is the daughter of Jeffer
son Davis, although Miss Winnie Davis'
main source of pride is in her title of
"Daughter of the Confederacy" more than
in the fact that her grandfather was in the
White House. Report says that the
breaking of the engagement between Miss
Davis and a prosperous business man in
Central New York was brought about by
her fiance's objection to the publicity
which goes with such popularity as the
handsome and attractive Southern woman
enjoys. Mrs. Davis, who is her constant
companion, is her stepmother. Mrs. Davis
was the rich New Orleans woman, owner
of "Bevoir," a fine estate in Mississippi.
She was a fervent admirer of Jefferson
Davis, and made a will leaving her large
property to him. He decided to occupy
the estate before the death of the widow,
and so he married a second time. Mrs.
Davis has written a biography of her hus
band, but on account of the failure of the
publishers, Belford, Clarke & Co., the en
terprise was a very costly one for her.
Robert T. Lincoln is the only surviving
child of his great father. He was married
soon after the assassination of President
Lincoln to Miss Mary Harlan, the daugh
ter of Senator Harlan of lowa. Harlan
was Secretary of the Interior under Lin
coln.
Robert Lincoln has been successful. In
i his position as Secretary of War during
he administrations of Garfield and Ar
hur, and as Minister to England, under
Harrison, he has been greatly aided by the
social talents and popularity of his charm
ing wife. The sad death of his promising
son, Abraham, has cut off his branch of
the family from a continuation of the
family name.
The two daughters of the family are in
teresting women. Mary, who is the wife
of Charles Isham of New York, has a tine
boy 3 years old, who bears the name of
Robert Lincoln Isham, and who is as full
of promise as may be in one of his tender
years. , •
Jessie Lincoln, the other daughter, is 19.
very attractive, very intelligent and a
good musician. Robert Lincoln is a Har-
yard man and a successful lawyer in Chi
cago,
The name of Johnson gained no luster
through the male descendants of President
Andrew Johnson. His three sons — Charles,
Robert and Andrew — never took life in a
serious way, and their lives were short
and of little significance outside of a very
narrow sphere.
The prominent figure among the John
son children was Martha. She was mar
ried in 1857, at the age of 20, to Judge D.
T. Patterson, a man much older than her
self, who was prominent in the politics of
the time and who was sent to the Senate
from Tennessee. Mrs. Patterson was lady
of the White House during the adminis
tration of President Johnson, and was a
graceful and popular hostess. Her father
left her by will a large estate near Green
ville, Tennessee. Her husband retired
from politics and spent his last day on the
farm which has since been the home of bis
widow. Mrs. Patterson's chief delight
and care is in the little grandchild, whom
she has had with her since the death of
the child's mother— her daughter Belle.
Mrs. Patterson's son, Andrew Johnson
Patterson, holds a " consulateship at De
merara, British Guiana. He is of an esti
mable character, but is lacking in am
bition and individuality.
Mrs. Patterson has always exerted the
influence of a strong and beautiful charac
ter. Her father found in her the attrac
tive feminine qualities that he appreciated
in the daughter, and she took the place
that his sons should have taken in the.
serious affairs of the family. She inherited
President Johnson's brilliancy in conver
sation, and e?en now, while she leads an
almost excluded life, and is a rheumatic
invalid, she is by no means lacking in in
fluence. She has outlived her sister Mary,
who was three times married. Her first
husbaud was Daniel Stover, a rich and
prominent man. After his death she mar
ried W. R. Bacon. Her son, Andrew John
son Stover, 1 ives in Carter, Term., and is a
helpless invalid.— Chicago Record.
— »' ♦ ,
ater in the Dcs Moines River at Dcs
Moines is higher than for three years past,
and millions of fish have come up the
stream, having been able for the first time
in several . years to pass the dams below
the city. The big dam here effectually
barred their further progress, and ereat
shoals of small ana large fish swarmed be
low the dam. A large number of sports
men went to the dam with seines and nets,
and even buckets, and tossed thousands of
the fish over the dam into the calm waters
above. It is estimated that 1,000,000 fish,
mostly small, were helped over the dam in
the last two days. It is the first time that
any considerable number of fish have been
placed in the waters above that city.— St.
Louis Globe-Democrat.
* ♦ •
The crocodile bears remarkably well and
has the rudiment of an outer ear.
Helped the Fish Over a Dam.
PICTURES
THAT NEVER
GROW OLD
ABOUT sixty years ago various
processes of copying pictures
were brought to practical perfec
tion. These consisted of steel,
copper and wood engraving and
lithography. Since then nearly every pic
ture that was ever painted has been repro
duced and scattered all over the world.
Aside from religious and patriotic subjects,
which nave certain interests for certain
people regardless of pictorial merit, it is
not hard to conclude which pictures have
been most popular with Americans. Not
the esthetically cultivated Americans, but
the people who make up the bulk of popu
lation of our land.
Most of the originals of the pictures that
can be found in three-fourths of the Amer
ican homes to-day were painted between
forty and fifty years ago. They are all
pictures with a powerful sentiment and
the demand for reproductions of them is
greater to-day than ever.
These are not pictures that our artists
rave over for their technique. There are
no "Nocturnes," "Crepescules' 1 or "Sym
phonies" among them. Nor are there any
examples of the impressionist school. But
the pictures the American people have
taken into their homes will live when all
the others sre forgotten. Why? Princi
pally because they tell some sort of a story.
There is something in them that appeals
to the people and puts them in sympathy
with the picture. There are nearly thirty
of these pictures that can be bought at al
most any art store in the land, and the
demand for them shows no signs of abat
ing, now many pictures painted these
days will be ever known, except to con
noisseurs, fifty years hence?
The pictures that have been popular in
America for the last half century cer
tainly show us as a highly moral Nation
in artistic taste, at least, for most of them
are as pure as snow, and those that may
depart from this bigii standard are either
conflicts between animals or some joily
carousal of good-natured fellows. There
never has been a vicious or pernicious pic
ture popular in the U nited States, although
plenty of them have been offered for sale,
and there were no laws against them until
late years. This is in strong contrast to
France, where the most popular picture is
"Leda and the Swan."
Only a brief mention can be made in this
article of the pictures that have held the
hearts of the American peopie for over
forty years, and a glance over them will
recall to mind many old friends.
The most popular picture in America to
day, if not in the world, is Sir Edwin
Landseer's "Midnight Call," but ail of
Landseer's pictures have been popular ever
since the first engravings of them were
brought to this country about sixty years
ago. Landseer's work is masterful in
drawing and color and as full of senti
ment as anything of the old masters.
What human being could loofc upon even
an engraving of the "Midnight Call" and
not be impressed. As a landscape alone
it would be immortal. What beauty there
is in the solemn glory of the silent winter
night. The distant ice-covered mountains
stand sharp against the deep, cold sky
filled with glittering stars, and the inky
depths of the lake send off clouds of mys
terious mist. In the foreground the sur
face of the snow glistens in the pale moon
light and throws the powerful, di nified
form of the elk into strong relief. At least
ten of Landseer's pictures are popular with
all classes in this country. "There Is Life
in the Old Dog Yet" is a tragic incident of
the hunting field filled with a sentiment
that appeals to everybody. "The Monarch
of the Glen" has a constant sale as well as
ail of the others that are so well Known
that no mention of them is necessary here.
Marine pictures have beeu surprisingly
popular in this country. Those by Turner
nave held the palm for the Jast haif cen
tury, "The Canal In Venice" beiug the
most in demand. Thousands of copies of
this picture are still sold annually.
In the same class are Stanfield's pic
tures. They were painted about 1850 and
have had tlieir share of public favor. His
beautiful picture of "Lake Como" has
been a source of constant pleasure to mil
lions of people. His "Portsmouth Harbor"
and "Making Port" are also still in great
demand.
Who has not seen and admired Sir
Joshua Reynold's "Age of Innocence?"
It ha* been painted about 120 years and is
constantly growing in popularity.
The picture of "Mme. Leßrun and Her
Daughter" has always been a favorite with
tne American people. It is certainly a
magnificent piece of painting and the
sentiment of the work is tender and pure.
The picture of Countess Patocha,
painted by an unknown artist, has been a
public favorite ever since it was** put on
the market. It is known to be about 150
years old and it is held in favor simnly by
the sweet expression of tho face.
About the year 1834 "The Truant" was
painted by J. Webster. It was not en
graved for many years, but has held the
"THE MIDNIGHT CALL," BY SIR EDWIN LANDSEER.
The Most Popular Picture in the World.
favor of the public ever since it was put on
the market. "The Woodland Gate,'' by J.
Collins, ha 3 also been a favorite that con
stantly grows in popularity.
"The Wolf and the Lamb" was painted
by W. Mulready in 1848 and was followed
by many others that have never been lost
sight of. Constable produced his "Valley
Farm" in 1849, and although it was typi
cally English in character it has always
been a favorite in American homes. It is
acknowledged to be one of the finest land
scapes ever painted.
In the year 1830 three pictures were pro
dnced that at once became famous and
have never lost favor. The best known is,
pernaps, " Blindman's Buff." by Sir
David Wilkic. "Lady Godiva," by S.
Jones, and "The Tired Soldier," by Good
all, are both still in great demand."
The "Dead Robin," by H. Thompson,
painted in 1852, is a picture that has been
imitated by dozens of artists, but the
original still holds the place of honor.
"The Broken Window." by W. H. Knight,
and "Stepping-stones," by Wethenngton,
are pictures that for many yours were used
In the public-school books. Engravings of
them are still in demand, but not as much
as formerly.
The most popular picture ever painted
by a woman, and also one of the first to oe
engraved, is "God's Acre." by Miss Os
born. She painted it in Germany in the
latter part of the '50's and it sprang into
favor in this country just after the war.
It is distinctively a German subject, but
the sentiment in it appeals to all. No
knowledge of art i? neces-ary to make the
beholder sympathize with the two little
girls who are braving the blizzard to lay
flowers on tho grave of some departed
loved one. This appears to have been
Miss Osborn's most important picture, as
further trace of her cannot be found in art
history. It may be that she married and
painted under her new name, although
such is not customary.
The "Children in the Wood" is the title
of a painting by John Thomas Peeie,
painted in England about 1860, that has
never lost favor. The sentiment of the
work is most pleasing, although the exe
cution is not what it might be. Peele was
born in England in 1522, but came to
"GOD'S ACRE." BY MISS E. OSBORN.
The Most Fopular Picture Painted by a Woman.
America when quite young and got most
of his art eaucation in tho wilderness on
the shores of Lake Erie. He spent the
i last years of his life in London.
The great portrait-painter. Gainsbor
: ough, has produced two pictures that live
in the hearts of the American people, al
i though the subjects are distinctively un
| American. "Cottage Children" depicts
I two little tots in rags, but they have sweet
I faces that lose none of their charm in the
j reproduction. It is somewhat difficult to
] conceive why the American people should
buy portraits of the '"Duchess of Devon
shire." To be sure it is a picture of a
beautiful woman with a kindly face, but
that hardly seems to be reason enough for
the sale of thousands of copies annually
for a period of forty years.
The list of popular pictures might be
continued, but those mentioned are enough
to give an idea of the taste of our people.
It will be seen from these that the most
popular pictures in this country have been
painted by English artists, who seem to
have the ability to paint simple subjects so
that they can be appreciated by the people
of every nation on the face of the globe.
It may be that the most of those who
bought these pictures did not know that
they were the works of English artists.
Most likely they did not care who painted
them. They bought them because there
was something that pleased them. They
j could see more in "The Soldier's Dream"
and "News From Home" than in a fine
piece of technique. All of which goes to
prove that "art has no country."
There is no disputing the fact that the
American people want the pictures of the
English school. And yet American paint-
ers as a rule condemn British pictures as
"bad art." These men copy the tricks
and fripperies of the French school and
wonder why they cannot sell their pic
tures, while the American people are
spending millions of dollars annually for
reproductions of the works of English
painters.
Nor does the American taste show any
disposition to change, for the most popu
lar modern picture in this country to-day
is "Wedded," by the late Sir Frederick
Leighton. It has been painted about ten
years and engravers and publishers still
have all they can do to supply the de
mand. "Wedded" is similar toother pic
tures that have held the public taste. It
is a picture with a classic background, but
With a sentiment that is always modern.
In this case the sentiment is presented in
a pure and beautiful manner and the
painting is perfect in execution. The
other British painters also have the great
est hold on the American taste, and more
of the reproductions of their Work's are
sold in this country than those of all the
other nations put together.
With the exception of a few patriotio
pictures American artists have done very
little in the way of catering to the tastes
of the people. Very few of their works' '
have ever been popular, and to-day there 1
is no demand for any except corn para- .
lively new pictures. The artist Inman
once painted a picture called "Mumble
the Peg that can still be seen in many.'
homes, although it might be difficult now
to find a copy on sale. There is not much
sentiment in this work, but the two boys
at play make a pleasing picture. "The
Old Oaken Bucket" held the public taste
for awhile, but is mighty scarce now.
The reproductions of the works of
French, German, Spanish and Italian
painters have been almost entirely sold to
people who are highly educated on art
matters.
PRESERVING BRADDOCK`S ROCK.
Where the British General First Landed
in America.
A movement has been started in Wash
ington by the Sons of the American
Revolution for the preservation of
Braddock's rock on the Potomac, where
the British first landed in the district.
The historic spot is in imminent danger of
being covered by the dumping of Tefuse.
Braddock's rock is upon the site occu
pied by the British and provincial troops.
in April, 1755. The British troops landed
there from their transports, the Sea Horse
and the Nightingale, and 'there pitched
their tents on April 14, 1755. It is a matter
of tradition that Washington, then an
officer of Virginia colonial troops and later
aid-de-cump to Braddock, was camped
also on this very hill, and was so im.».
pressed with the beauty of the site and of
the surrounding country that he was sub-
sequently led to choose it for the location
of the National capital. This is the very
spot which he, in 1796, designated as the
location for the University of the United
States.
Braddock's rock has been known by this
name ever since the time of Braddock'a
departure, and is still so known by old in
habitants of the vicinity, among whom
I are several who remember when it was
touched by the waters of the Potomac,
since diverted further southward. In the
report of the Washington Astronomical
Observatory for 1871, appendix No. 4, ia a
reference to Braddock's rock under this
name, and to the fact that it was from
this point that Braddock marched toward
Fort Duquesne. It is also recorded here
that Colonel Peter Force, the well-known
antiquary, during his lifetime, repeatedly
pointed out this as the rock on which
Braddock's landing was made. Further
authentication can be found in Braddock's
journal of this expedition.— Buffalo Com
mercial.
Jenny Lind Sang for Him.
Edward y. Eccles, the veteran musi
cian, who died within the past week at his
home on North Thirteenth street, was
fond of telling this anecdote of his youth :
"It was about the beginning of the war,"
he invariably began. "I was then a clerk
in a large music-pnblishing house on
Chestnut street. One day a well-dressed,
quiet little woman entered the store and
asked me to show her some music of a
classical nature. Wo struck up quite ; a
conversation, in the course of which I
asked her if she had heard the great
Jenny Lind, who was then the talk of the
town. She laughed and said, 'Oh, yes I
have heard her. Have you?' I told her
that I hadn't had that pleasure, and that
I had very little prospect of hearing her,
the price of admission was so high. She
laughed again, and then she handed me a
song she had picked out, and asked me to
play the accompaniment for her while she
tried it. She sang so beautifully that I
played like one in a dream. When she
had finished she thanked me, and with a
rare smile, she said, 'You cannot say now
t hat you have never heard Jenny Lind !'
She thanked me again and left me dum
founded."—The Philadelphia\Record.
In the American civil war one out of
every sixty-live men was killed, an.l one ,
in each ten wounded. In Napoleon's M
early wars one out of each twenty-eieht -
was killed, and in the early British con
flicts as high an average as one death to
each nineteen engaged is reported.THE question as to whether the
lower animals have immortal
souls has no interest for those
who do not believe in the immor
tality of the human soul. But for
those who do admit the existence and
immortality of souls in men the- question
as it refers to the inferior animal? becomes
one of the most; complex and bewildering
that it is possible for a conservative thinKer
to conceive,, involving, ethical considera
tions of the • profoundest importance.
Some Oriental religionists are vegetarians
because they believe that animals have
souls, and that to kill them. for food is to
check .that soiil-development \jrhich an
embodied existence assures. But how can
the lower, animals be admitted to have
souls; with -the ; necessary coroljary that
their souls are inferior in organization- or
development, io. ours, without pursuing
the proposition to its logical conclusion
aii(i assuming tnat organic life inferior to
that of the lower animals is itself similarly
endowed £ And if this reason ing be ac
cepted; wherein is. it a smaller sin to eat
veiietabi.es than meat?
This is- only the beginning of the in
quiry. Inorganic life is unmistakably
invested with wonderful and incompre
hensible forces. ! What is more marvelous
or more indicative of superior^ inherent
iivteUigence than the phenomenon of
crystallization?- Read Ruskin's "Ethics
of the Dust" apd discover how the dry
fattaof. science -iti the matter of crystal- j
iization are illuTninated with the brilliant
teuch of a speculative genius. Turn then
to. Flani morion's "Flowers of the Sky"
and- find .a similar light thrown on the
marv^is of the heavens. At the extreme
i-e end" of- tire scale dig " into the
jig revelations, marie by that great
Jesuit priest; father Baynia, in his "Ele
ments of Mglepular Mechanics 1 ' and find
therefrom the surging, intelligent and in
t activities animating the conduct of
a molecule. :
For that matter the air, food and water'
wliicb; sustain' our lives are swarming i
with minute : living creatures, each pro-!
during its kind with strict integrity, and ]
these lives are sacrificed in countless
millions every hour to our voracity. To
bring the subject nearer home, we can
not think or. tooye the smallest muscle
without destroying the lives of many of
the living • .'cells, each with its own
order of intelligence, constituting our or
{raivi.-tn. The argument leads ns into a
bottomless, m.orass.
.It-was for the. purpose of presenting the
opinion's' of some able thinkers hereabout
on th-is'sub-ject that The Call secured the
subjoined essa\*s. They will' be found to j
differ as widely as the divergent training I
and temperaments of the contributors ]
could permit, a-nd they are all the more
interesting for that. In papers so short a
full presentation of individual views was
impossible,-t>ut running through them all
is d line reverence that ennobles the treat
ment. It is. a. pity that the theosophical
contributor could hot expand the enticing
theory, of bis cult and .show that all indi
vidual manifestations of life or force are
but fragments of one grand comprehensive
soul which ye may conveniently call God,
these working through evolution to per
fection and final re-entry to the parent
spirit. It is -delicious to ste Mr. Harrison
digging up -Wesley's forestalling of Dar^
win ism and-^presenting the ripe con
clusions of Lorn broso, the great alienist,
on. conscience in the lower animals. All
the other contributors have things of
special interest to tay; but they can speak
for themselves.
One .contrib.utor, Professor George H.
Howison,. presents the most advanced posi
tion taken by those able modern thinkers
Who . are deeply learned in materiali-m
aiid- who employ its discoveries to illumi
nate the unknowable.' Hence his paper
hat a unique interest. His logic is harder
than that of .flit; tbeosophists, though the
two methods touch at visible points — par
ticularly that i-n which the mind or soul
or life-principle is regarded as a controlling
force instead qf an incident of life.
The eubject'.is by no means one for idle
speculation alone, for an intelligent re
spect for it reaches to the development of
human character itself.' Just as a concep
tion of an immortal spirit within us has
a wholesome effect in teaching us right
conduct towarid ourselves and to all those
whom Jesus denned as our neighbors, so
thereeognitidn of a similar principle in
the organization of inferior creatures serv
ing us or existing at our mercy produces
both direct and reacting effects which
make us finer and better. Here science
and metaphysics join -hands and teach us
the blood apd -spiritual relationship of all
living things: The direct kinship be
tween us and the lower animals which
Darwin failed, to discover, though half
believing it to exist, was not a more
wortny conception than that of the hu
mane German,- Henry Berg, who founded
in America tne great movement for the
•prevention .of cruelty to animals. The
cultivation of pity and mercy for the weak
of all kinds, whether human or brute, is a
refining and- building up of character on
the part of those who cherish the senti
ment. In a desire to turn attention into a
wholesome channel this symposium is
presented.
A LAYMAN'S OPINION.
It Is That Dumb Animals, Like
Man, Possess a Moral
: * Motor.
William Greer Harrison. believes that each
animal has a soul, modified as to its potency
by the conditions of the organization on the
body. He quotes no less a religious authority
than John Wesley, founder of Methodism, with
reierence to the theory of evolution. Mr. Har
rison illustrates his views by an example in the
shape of a dog of- remarkable intelligence
which be owns. From personal observation
Mr. Harrison h* s satisned himself that horses
faf e a^ S coVc n iuae c ? I<OriglDate ' rcaßOn - «*«•
Have Dumb Animals Souls?
This is an awkward question because it
involves the putting :of two other ques
tions, nanifly, are animals dumb and what
is a soul ? I presume what is meant would
be express*! by asking the question, Are
all the animals inferior tc man possessed
Have
of what we credit man with— souls? As
this is intended to be a popular discussion
and not an academic essay on souls, I will
assume that the propounder of the ques
tion regards the soul in the popular sense
as being the moral motor of man, pos
sessed of the capacity to feel, to think, to
direct, to suffer, but not to die. Popularly
regarded the soul is immortal.
Plato gives a soul to the universe. Fol
lowing the Platonic line of reasoning there
is a soul in everything, but what we are
called upon to consider is not so much the
universality of soul as the soul ego in the
individual.
To those who follow Darwin there should
not be any difficulty in believing that in
ferior animals possess, equally with man,
that something which we call soul. Nor
should the Darwinian hesitate about de
claring his belief in the evolution of the
soul. Accepting the Darwinian theory of
evolution of the body as including the
soul, there can be but one answer to the
question as to whether or not dumb
animals possess souls. Logically the an
swer is in the affirmative. In this connec
tion, I would refer to an authority rarely
quoted with reference to the theory of
evolution. I refer to John Wesley. In his
"Compendium of Natural Philosophy"
Mr. Wesley practically accepts what, mahy
years later* Darwin projected as the doc
trine of evolution. He goes somewhat
beyond Darwin in his analysis of the soul,
and differs from Darwin in regarding the
soul as a separate entity, beinc of the body
but superior to it. Mr. "Wesley is, however,
mci. with the very same problem which is
now presented, and, with a frankness and
breadth of view remarkable in a church
man of his days, he admits the difficulty
and deals with it. He begins by setting
forth that every form in matter is linked
to every other form, and that from
the marine worm to man there is a com
plete chain of connection. He sets forth
the Darwinian theory in the transforma
tion of the reptile to the bird, of the bird
to the quadruped, and of the quadruped to
man. lie then asks the question sugges
tively: Are the souls of inferior animals
subject to the process of evolution, which
he adm'ts culminates in man? He does
not dogmatize on this point, but suggests
that tnere may be a soul primarily of the
same nature in all animals, but that the
soul in each animal maybe subject to con
ditions peculiar to itself. But a close read
ing of Mr. Wesley's thoughts in this con
nection indicates that he believed that all
animals have souls. When he reaches the
question as to the immortality of souls he
is disposed to conrine himself to a positive
assertion as to the immortality of the soul
of man without absolutely rejecting the
theory that the souls of all animals are
alike immortal.
When Mr. Wesley considered the sub
ject many eminent men were of the opin
ion that brutes were mere machines. This
Mr. Wesley indignantly denied, claiming
that as brutes gave clear indication of the i
possession of reason, and that as they have
a perception of both pleasure and pain,
they are not mere animated mechanisms,
but are possessed of something imma
terial, and therefore of the nature of a
MraL
Permit me to quote one or two para
graphs from Mr. Wesley. After giving
his theory of evolution as" already referred
to he says: "Between the lowest and high
est degree of corporeal and spiritual per
fection there is an almost infinite number
of intermediate degrees; the result of
these degrees composes the universal
| chaiD. Tnis unites all being*, Connects all
worlds, comprehends all the spheres."
He tnen adds: "The polypus links the
vegetable to the animal; the tlying-squir
rel u -.sites the birds to the quadVuped; the
| ape bears affinity to the quadruped and
I the man." Then reasoning in reference
jto the brute creation, he asks the
I question, "Do they reason or do
j they not? Whence arise the differ
ent qualities and tempers, not
only in different kinds and species,
but even in the individuals of one species,
as in does, cats and horses? Are they
mere machines? If we assert they are, it
I inevitably follows that they neither see
nor hear, nor smell, nor feel, for of this
! mere machines are utterly incapable.
I Much less can they know or remember
! anything or move any otherwise than
j they are impelled. But all this, as num
j berless experiments show, is quite con-
I trary to matter of fact. On tne other
[hand, if they are not mere machines, if
j they have either sensation, or knowledge,
or memory, or a principle of self-motion,
then they are not mere matter; they have
jin them an immaterial principle. But, of
i what kind? Will it die with the body or
not? la it mortal or immortal? litre,
again, we are got into an unknown patn.
We cannot order our speech by reason of
darkness." Mr. Wesley then devoted a
chapter to the question, "What is the
soul? "and he honestly and candidly ad
mits that he doesn't know.
Again— and you will notice that Mr.
Wesley was very fond of asking questions
he asks, "Has God created as many spe
' This is a question of philosophy, not of theology," says Father Wyman.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY 3, 1896.
cies of souls as of animal?, or is there only
one species of soul in animals, differently
modified according to the diversity of or
ganization?" And. like the wise man that
he was, he says, "This question is abso
lutely impenetrable by us," and con
tinues, "AH we can say concerning it is
this: if God, who has always acted by the
most simple means, has thought proper
to vary the spiritual perfection of animals,
merely by organization, his wisaom has
so ordained it." Mr. Wesley evidently
concluded that there is nothing in science,
nothing in reason, nothing in religion that
forbids a belief that a hor&e, or a dog, or
any other animal is possessed of a soul.
Reviewing the question, from personal
observation, I commit myself to a belief
that there is an individual soul in each
form of animated nature. I have satis
fied myself that the horse and the aog
think, feel, originate, reason, calculate
and conclude. I see, therefore, no reason
for denying to them what the magnificent
egotist, man, claims for himself— the pos
session of a moral motor. The great Ital
ian scientist, Lombroso, asserts that
animals not only sin, but are conscious of
the sin, and that they have, therefore, a
moral nature; that they are virtuous and
that they lack virtue, that they are con
scious of a law governing their acts, and
that they know that any violation of that
law is a crime, and, therefore, they have a
conscience. Now, if animals have a
knowledge of right and wrong, if obe
dient to that knowledge they livo
righteously, or if in defiance of
that knowledge they commit crime, are
they not possessed of a force that is not
material ? Is not that directing force a
soul? The great distinction made be
tween man and the inferior animals is in
the recognition by man of God and in
man's possession of the art of speech.
How do we know that animals do not
recognize God, and is it demonstrated that
they have not the power to communicate
their thoughts? Being a lover of animals
and a student of their ways I have satisfied
myself that, while we do* not understand
them, they understand us. lam also sat
isfied that animals do communicate
thoughts. It is true that we are not yet
in possession of all the means which ani
mals employ to communicate their ideas,
but any observant person can determine
for himself the fact that ideas are commu
nicated by the lower animals to each
other. Are not love, affection and grati
tude the highest qualities in man, and
do they not proceed from the highest na
ture in man, namely, the soul? Are we
prepared to deny that the dog and the
horse and many other animals exhibit
love, affection, gratitude? lam not pre
pared to doubt what my constant observa
tion confirms. Perhaps one of the noblest
qualities in man is the sense of duty, and
I claim that that sense is not wanting in
tne horse and the dog. It may be urged
that domesticated animals imitate in
some respect the qualities of their owners,
" Each animal has a sonl modified as to its potency by the conditions of the
organization of the body." says Mr. Harrison.
but there is no evidence to confirm this
suggestion. On the contrary, I think the
domestication is the result of a sense of
affinity betwen the animals and their
owners. I think the dog recognizes in the
man a soul having in it the nature of his
own, and that the sympathy which un
doubtedly exists between man and his
domestic animals is a spirit or soul
affinity. To attribute to instinct all the
acts performed by the lo%yer animals is
simply to exhibit our own ignorance, our
assumption of superiority and our splendid
egotism. I have in my possession a fox
terrier. She has been with us some seven
years and she exhibits all the qualities
which indicate the possession of reason
and reflection. She has a complete indi
viduality of her own, and has very little
in common with her species. lam sat
isfied that she knows right from wronc;
that she understands the mood of every
person in the family; that she does not
take the family as a whole, but separates
it and distinguishes it. With some mem
bers she is most intimate and exhibits a
tenderness and affection for them that is
thoroughly human. With other members
she is polite but distant. I have never
known her to make a mistake with visit
ors. She invariably attaches herself to
those who are fond of dogs and she avoids
those who are not. She has a way of
making known her every want and is
very persistent in having that want sup
plied. What has attracted my observa
tion must have attracted thousands of
other observers, and were it not for the
weak but common pride of humanity I
think all who have carefully studied the
inferior animals will admit that they have,
subject to modifications, all that we claim
for ourselves. What I mean by this is
that each animal has a soul modified as to
its potency by the conditions of the organ
ization of the body.
FROM A PAULIST FATHER.
Science Warrants Belief In the
Immortality of All Animal
Souls.
Rev. H. H. Wyman, the head of the Paulist
" Why may vrc not suppose that animals arc immortal 7" asks Professor Howison.
order in this City, while conceding that the
belief In the immortality of all animated
creatures Is warranted by science, takes occa
sion to observe that the opinions of eminent
psychologists that the animal soul is Immortal
furnishes, by way of analogy, a strong argu
ment for the immortality of the rational soul,
besides removing the strongest grounds upon
which materialism rests. Father Wyman
maintains that the question of immortal souls
does not belong to the domain of theology, but
of philosophy.
Have the Lower Animals Immortal
Souls?
This is a question of philosophy— not of
theology. The Christian revelation does
not touch it, therefore liberty of opinion
concerning it is allowed without prejudice
to faith. The older metaphysicians, as
for instance St. Thomas of Aquin, held
that the substantiality or the existence of
the soul when separated from the body
was true'of the soul of man only — not of
that of the lower animal, because man
alone has intellector reason and the moral
faculty, whicb, alone, as they assumed,
necessitated an immaterial or spiritual
nature. They considered that a soul
which has only the sentient faculty or re
ceives impressions from and acts only
through physical organs and cannot form
an abstract judgment and choice, is a
mere principle of operation of ajnaterial
nature, and, therefore, cannot subsist by
itself.
Nothing is so difficult in science, it seems
to me, aa the discovery of what the inner
consciousness of an animal is. But re
cently the stuly of comparative psychol
ogy has brought out £o many facts con
cerning the power of the higher animal
instinct that many eminent psychologists
are now inclined to think that the animal
soul is, to say the least, immaterial, and
consequently immortal. This opinion, by
"Yes; animals have souls," says Dr. Allen Griffiths.
way of analogy, certainly furnishes a
strong argument for the immortality of the
rational soul, and, besides, removes the
strongest ground upon which materialism
rests. On the other hand, 1 think there is
no danger that tnis theory will l<?ad to a
misunderstanding of the infinite difference
between the simplest act of human Teason
and the highest form of anima 1 . intelli
gence.
Every one can see that the animals do
not reason, talk, inventor progress as have
all races of men, and that they have not
the moral notions of right, wrong, justice,
injustice, etc., which faculties, if they
could belong to the mere animal natur",
would be plainly manifested in each indi
vidual of the genus. While it is true that
animals do sometimes exhibit such ex
traordinary intelligence that v is difficult
to distinguish some of their acts from
those which are purely rational, still we
are not forced, on this account, to ascribe
reason to them as belonging to their na
ture any more than we are compelled to
conclude that all men have hypnotic
power because a few have it. Magicians,
mediums and witches also sometimes do
wonders that are beyond the powers of
the natural man, and demonolosy shows
that animals, even swine, have in some
instances been subject to spiritual powers
which ;ire above their nature.
It is not my intention, however, to dis
cuss the nature of these o cult influences.
so I will proceed with the philosophical
argument in favor of the immortality of
the souls of all animated creatures.
Philosophers and physicists have, gen
erally speaking, held that living organic
matter is essentially different from that
which is lifeless and inorganic. The
"principle of life." as it is called, is what
distinguishes the nature of organic mat
ter eenerically from that which is inor
ganic. This vital principle if it has
departed from an organism cannot by any
natural process, as far as we know, be
reproduced, nor can it be originated from
inorganic matter by any known chemical
action.
Now, since God has created this principle
of life it is only reasonable to suppose that
he preserves it forever, and it would be
absurd to think that he annihilates it
when the or«anism dies. Natural science
teaches that nothing is annihilated.
The belief in the immortality of animal
souls enhances the value of their lives in
our estimation, and so prevents cruelty to
them and the wanton and useless killing
of them. Thus from a mere speculative
i theory it becomes a practical belief regu
! lating our conduct toward them. It should
not, however, prevent us from slaughter
ing them for food or destroying them
when they are peats. Physiology .eacb.es
the necessity of some animal food ior man,
and there are lower animals that are by
nature wholly carnivorous. One might as
well argue that the belief in the im
mortality of the human soul would make
capital punishment and ail wars unjustifi
able as to maintain that animals may not
be killed for the sustenance of "man
and the preservation of other animals
which are more useful but defenseless, and
1 for the saving of the valuable products of
the soil. The universal practice of the
human race, with the exception of the de
cenerate Buddhists who are burdened
with the irrational superstition that the
souls of men live again after death in ani
-11 als, has sanctioned the sacrifice of ani
mal life for the benefit of man.
We may conclude, then, I think, that
the belief in the immortality of the souls
of all animated creatures is warranted by
science, and is favorable to the doctrine of
man's immortality.
WHY NOT IMMORTAL?
The Advanced Ground Taken by
Professor George H. How
ison.
The position taken oy George H. Howison,
LL. D., professor of intellectual and moral phil
osophy and civil polity at the University of Cal
ifornia, Is quite an advanced one. The wide
reputation of the writer as a thinker and a
leader of thoucht will command for his views a
careful consideration. Why may we not sup
pose that animals are immortal? he asks.
"Will men be less so, if they are ?"
The Soul in Dumb Animals.
In the few paragraphs at my disposal it
is, of course, impossible to do any suffi
cient justice to such a question as that of
a soul in dumb animals. Nothing finally
convincing could be said about it except
by arguing at such length and with such
subtle refinements as would be foreign to
the whole aim and spirt of the daily
newspaper. But the readers of such con
tributions as this, I suppose, care more to
know what the writer's opinions on the
question are than what are the arguments
by which he supports them.
I am accordingly ready to say that I
have long been convinced that all animals
have a principle at the root of their being
which cannot justly be called anything
but a soul or a mind. For that matter I
think the same is true of all living beings
of every sort, plants as well as animal?. In
short, the truth is that life in every form,
and in all its degrees, is consequent upon
mind, and comes from it and by help of it,
instead of mind's coming from life, and
being fed from life and sustained by life.
The profoundest and most coherent phil
osophy, the exactest and most compre
hensive science, alike point to this as the
truib, and tend alike to reverse the more
obvious and superficial judgment which
makes mind dependent upon life and
life dependent upon matter and mo
tion, in opposition to this material
istic and mechanical explanation of
life and mind Dr. Le Conte rightly
argues that nothing but a mind, and a
mind resident in the living being, can ex
plain the subtle, the complex, the incon
ceivably intricate, the incessantly develop
ing processes of life. He conceives of this
resident mind as the one and only cosmic
mind, or God. But I would go on from this
and say that, while I can attach no really
intelligible meaning to the residence of
the divine or cosmic intelligence in each
separate living being, I can readily under
stand the need of each being's own mind,
resident in it in the sense of being its own
ana its own exclusively, in order to its
living, its acting and its growing.
This general philosophical tenet of the
primacy of the miiuiove.lite and matter—
s tenet for the proofs of which, remote as
they are, the present is no place — is the
chief and, to my mind, the sufficient basis
for a belief that mind is co-extensive with
life, and that, therefore, every animal has
a soul. There are, indeed, manifold cor
roborative proofs of this to be drawn from
the study and analysis of the endless de
tails in animal life and habit ana bena
vior. It would be idle here to attempt to
go into these. But it may be pertinent to
say that if one demanded a summary
statement of the reason why animals
should be credited with a mental being
and a real self the answer might well be:
The same reason, in general, that leads us
to believe in the personal mind, the real
self, of our fellow-Vnen. As we only judge
that we have fellow-men and that they
are real personal minds from the nature of
the movements which they make and the
perceptible actions they perform, all with
an apparently intelligent purpose, so in the
dumb creation our notice of movements
and actions that serve ends analogous
to those which the purposeful acts of men
secure leads us to infer a like mental re
ality for them.
I know the round of objections to this,
but they do not seem to me conclusive,
nor even well-founded. It is easy to lay
down a distinction between consciousness
and self-consciousness, to say that nothing
but the self-conscious being should be
called a soul and to maintain that no brute
gives any evidence of self-consciousness.
But I much doubt if consciousness does
not necessarily involve self-consciousness :
I insist that the general fact of self-con
sciousness is the vital matter, and that its
degree is a minor consideration, and that
a deficient degree of self-consciousness is
therefore no proof that a soul does not ex
ist. The argument, were it valid, would
prove the soullessness of every infant, of
every child suffering from arrested devel
opment, and of everybody but the one
possessing the maximum possible self-con
sciousness. In brief, it would permit no
soul but God, or else would tench that the
soul is only gradually acquired, and that,
too, by but few. But I wonder how many
of these objectors have ever thought it out
to the bottom — how a soul, once wholly
unpossessed and non-existent, could ever
get to be.
I know, too, it is said that speech is the
test of mind, and that, therefore, tne very
dumbness of the brutes is their damnation.
He who speaks not has no general ideas,
it is claimed; and general ideas are the life
of thinking, of purpone, of ideals, of spirit,
of soul. But the possession of general
ideas in the sense of mere generalizations
from things perceived, is proof of nothing
more than a certain degree attained in the
use of self-consciousness. The heart of
the matter is not reached till we
ask what are the clews to possible
self consciousness of this sort— a compara
tively poor sort — and thus what are the
truly general ideas, primary, undenied,
generic and engendering. Tnen we see
that these are such thoughts as time,
space, canse, the trne, the beautiful, the
good. And I ask, Do not all living crea
tures that perceive at all prove oy their
perceptions and by their actions suited to
their aims that they have every one of
these thoughts? It seems to me undeni
able that whatever perceives, even in the
least degree, anu acts upon that perceiv
ing, proves thereby that'it is a complex of
all the a priori thoughts, be the develop
ment of its victorious career in apply
ing those thoughts to the canceling bf
their limitation as low as it may.
All this development i 3 a question
merely of degree; it is the question
of kind that tells: and this is settled by
the plainly inferable fact that the animal
is in manifest possession of the elementary
constituents in the system of thought,
namely, time, space, number, cause and
all the forms of the ideal. The doctrine of
psychologists, Jike Wundt and those who
follow him, to the effect that the apparent
reasonings of animals are only apparent
and are the mere results of association,
seems to me to be a ca;-e of cart before the
horse. Association itself needs explan
tion and cannot really be explained except
as founded on reasoning. Dumb araimaia
may indeed be unable in their present
state of existence to reflect on thefir rea
soning and analyze it ns logic-making
human beings do, but this, again, is only
a matter of degree in thoir development.
They.actually and instinctively do reason
in spite of that, and one nwv'widy aver
that they can be seen in the vary act of
reasoning.
•In their present state of existence!''
some one may echo. 'And are we, then,
to suppose that animals are immortal in
stead of being the beasts that perish?"
Well, why not? Will men be less so if
they are? Why should we grudge to the
silent makers and interpreters of signs the
chance for a larger being which we so
much value for ourselves? They surely
need it at least as much as we, "and will
their bliss in it in the least diminish ours?
A THEOSOPHICAL VIEW.
Dr. Allen Griffiths Avers That« Da
rwin Guessed but Half the
Truth.
Dr. Allen Griffiths, one of the leading Theoso
phists of this City, furnishes some interesting
views and arguments on the subject of soul
ovolution. He is an evolutionist of an extreme
type, and believes that the souls of plants,
animals and men are necessarily immortal,
each rising through cycles of evolution, from
plane to plane, in its progress (no matter from
how low a state) to divinity.
As Theosojihists View It.
Yes; animals have souls.
This is on the authority of Theoscphy,
the wisdom religion, which in turn rests
upon no narrower basis than justice, com
mon-sense and logic. Theosophy gives to
every animate creature a soul— and even
to every iimnirnate object, lvut the soul
of an animal is not the same as that im
prisoned in the human; nor that of the
stone like that of the plant. The smallest
atom in the universe is the pri.son-hou3«
of a eerni that will, in the ages to come,
evolve into a god — or else this is a disor
derly universe, and life and justice itself i«i
a farce.
Having said so much, and having no
wish to be dogmatic, it is only fair to the
wisdom religion, Mr. Editor, that I should
be permitted at least a- very brief argu
ment to sustain these statements.
Why do animals have souls? Because
all nature with its innumerable universes
I exists but for the evolution of the soul.
I What is the soul ? A ray of divinity and
I one of its expressions. How does it
evolve? In great cycles from the highest to
the lowest and back again to the hia;he>-t.
The cycles proceed In ascending spirals
from plane to plane, and each plane is a.
degree higher than its predecessor. This
is the divine law. It is manifested so
clearly in ail things that all deep thinkers
! have recognized it. Even Spencer cx
i pounds it when his philosophy is sifted to
the core. Sweeping throughout cosmos
I this universal and undeviatim; law of
periodicity operates as terms of activity
and inactivity, motion and rest. Day and
night, the seasons of the year, the ebb and
Hood of restless tides, the circulation of
the blood, growth and decay, youth ana
old age — everywhere and in all things is
this law manifested. And these periods
mark the ebb and now of that evolutionary
wave of divinity which bears the visible
and invisible- contents of cosnios upon its
bosom toward the goal of a higher life.
What has all this to do with the soul of
|an animal? Everything. It is a necessary
I step in a rational explanation of evolution
itself. Bear with me a moment longer.
At the beginning of a great period of
j evolution — not the beginning of infinite
duration, for that has no beginning and
I no end — Deity rises upon the plane of oD
i jective manifestation and emanates count
less rays. Is this mystical languaee? Does
j it convey no meaning to your mind? fie
i member that an explanation of the sim
! plest laws of electricity would be even more
j mystical to the Digger Indian. Remem
! ber, too, that my own powers of clarity are
j but human, and seek the truth for your
self. But possibly you catch a glimpse of
it now. Well, then, each of these rays of
Divinity manifesting itself upon this ob
i jective plane is the vesture of an immortal
soul destined to career through infinity as
a Pilgrim of Eternity, as a tireless traveler
! of the cycles of necessity. It is constituted
j of the essence, quality, potentiality and
infinite duration of its source, Deity.
Upon our earth the soul — whether that
of the mineral, vegetable, animal or hu
man — began its evolution in the lowest
elemental kingdom, which is below even
! the mineral, and began its tasK of evolving,
j expanding, growing to that stage where
i its outer garb was the stone or the metal.
In each kingdom there are vast experiences
to be obtained, and each new experience
is a step forward in its progress toward
divinity. And when the soul in the peb
ble exhausted the possibilities for develop
ment in that kingdom, it passed on up to the
vegetable kingdom. The stone becomes a
plant, the plant becomes a beast, the beast
oecomes a man, and the man becomes a
god. Do not mistake. It was not the soul
that was a plant or a stone or a beast. It
was and is the soul that was and is im
prisoned in these varying outer garbs and
each kingdom is but one of the innumer
able links in its endless chain of evolution.
In each- new and higher garb come greater
| possibilities for expansion. The stone can-,
| not feel, but the plants can; the plant can
not suffer, but the beast can ; the beast can
not will, but man can. Does evolution cease
with man ? Is it seventy years of life and
an eternity of bliss or misery? No; this
I .
Continued on Twentieth Page.
NEW TO-DAY.
For 16 Years Compelled to Eat a
Pound of Poison Weekly.
Saved at Last by a Wonderful Antl-
dote.-An AlmostlncredlbleStory of
Suffering Told by a Louisianlan.
It is wonderful what a human being will en-
dure. Just look' around and see the people
day after day toying recklessly with life and
hetilth, the most precious things we have.
Nature will not be imposed upon. She is
bound to get even —to square accounts. So
man starts a habit, but nature continues it,
and, for punishment, he can't quit. Take the
case ot George Rat a ban. For sixteen years he
had to fill his system with poison to keep from
going insane, and he would still be in the rack
of torture had not No-To-Bac cured him —cured
the habit of sixteen years in sixteen days.
Read his letter:
Bokita, La., August 18, 1895.
Gentlemen: I have been completely cured of the
tobacco liabit by using No-'lo-Bac. I used to-
bacco over seventeen years, four pounds a month,
aii'l I believe No-To-Bac will cure any one that
will take half a box. I took six tablets one day.
three the next, three the next, and one the next
day, and 1 was completely cured. After that I
hud to take eight more tablets to cure me of nerv-
ousness. Twenty-one tablets, you see, made a
final cure, and all in sixteen "days. I can very
highly recommend No-To-Bac to all who are
cursed with the tobacco habit and want to get, ri<i
of it. One dox wi'l cure the worst case I ever saw.
Very truly yours, OEO. RATHBA X.
Now, dear reader, tobacco-user for a little or
a long time, don't say "leant be cured." No-
To-Bac makes it so easy to quit, and will do
you so much good for your nerves, blood and
manhood. You dint have to take our word
for it. Buy it from your own druggist under
absolute guarantee of cure. <!et our booklet
"Don't Tobacco Spit and Smoke Your Life
Away." Written guarantee and free samples
mailed for the asking. Address The Sterling
Remedy Co., Chicago or New York.
1920
SOCIETY
note of departure has been
>.'.'* • I sounded, tn spite of the rain and
: •.' .11' disagreeable wenther generally the
-.•■JJL spirit of spring has taken possev
• • "sion of society — tired and well
worn by the arduous duties of an-unflag
ging- season — and t-he summer's exodus is
•fairly ort a way to begin.
..' With- the majority it has gone no further
: than the preparatory preliminaries. The
summer wardrobe at present is the all
■•absdrbing"topic of interest, second only to
.' .the'-ever-frhitfui query;. "Where do you
• • expegt.to pass the summer?"
' .- A very, few, who. have country houses at
' Menlo^.San Mateo and even Sausalito, are
'•already- enjoying the limited rustic <ie
•. lights of the parly season. Burlinßarne is
still quiet, duil, and, figuratively speaking
of .course,, asleep. But the awakening
• comes .toith Saturday., May' 9, and ail the
cottagers will be ready to receive and en
tertain on lhat auspicious day, and in
honor.pf that auspicious event — the polo
• match between the Riverside and Burlin
game teams.
Not to be interested in polo is. to be
hopelje'ssry out of the swim, and conne-
quently it is most safe to predict a large
and ultra-fashionable attendance. It is
also now announced that a dance will take
place after the match.
Certain it is that the management is do
ing everything for the comfort of the vis
itors. Trains will leave Third and Town
send Btreets at 1:45, returning at 5:30. The
fields at the ciub grounds are in superb con
dition and a very close game is expected.
Horace Fletcher of New Orleans is
passing a brief period in San Francisco as
the guest of Mr. and Mrs. Julius Krntt
schnitt. Mr. Fletcher was formerly a well
known resident of San Francisco. He was
one of the most successful presidents of
the Olympic Club, and was also a leading
- member of the Bohemian Club. Mr.
. Fletcher left here some ten years ago, hay
.' ing acquired by inheritance interests in
Louisiana, and has since made his home
in New -Orleans. There tie has become a
prominent citizen.
Old member? of the Bohemian Club re
member well his enthusiasm in the affairs
•of that club, and particularly in the"Mid-
Bummer Jinks' in the redwood groves.
Mr. Fletcher has been' cordially wel
comed on every hand in San Francisco.
Although he is in business in Louisiana,
. having large interests there, he has not
lost his old love for art and letters. He re
cently published a book, called "Menti
culture," which is a philosophical work on
the power of the human mind to repress
the evil passions.
Ex-Juuge R. Rising of Nevada and his
daughter, Mrs.. Susie Vail, were among
the passengers that sailed Thursday on
the s.teamer Mariposa for the Australian
colonies. At Sydney they will take
passage for Cape Town, South Africa,
their ultimate destination being Johannes
burg.
Mrs. Vail goes to South Africa to wed.
The happy man is Charles Stringer, who
was for many years in the insurance
business in this City. A little more than
6ix months ago he determined to try his
fortunes in South Africa, where so many
Californians have made their mark. His
efforts have been crowned with the great
est success and he is now one of the promi
nent men of that Bection.
Mrs. Vail is well .known in San Fran
cisco and as Miss Susie Rising was one
of tke City's acknowledged belles. Since
the demise of her late husband she had
been living here with her two children.
. Judge Rising's stay will depend on cir
cumstances. If he finds a good opening
he will settle there, but if not he will re
turn to San Francisco soon after the wed
ding of his daughter.
Horace Q. Platt. president of the Bohe
mian Club, was called East suddenly last
week, owing. to the death from pneumonia
©f U\a brother-in-law,' Andrew Wesley
Kent of New York City. Mr. Piatt's sister,
Mrs. Nina Kent, is well known in this City.
They both have the sympathy of a host of
friends here in this their hour of bereave
ment.' Mr. Kent was but 45 years of age,
but was recognized as one of the leading
attorheys-at-law of New York. In 1881 he
incorporated the Chicago and Atlantic
Railway Company and was one of its
directors. He held the same position in
the Chicago and Erie Railroad Company,
which succeeded it. He incorporated the
Postal Telegraph Cable Company in 1886,
and was a director in- the company for sev
eral years. He leaves a son, Platt Kent.
The fashionable world found much to
interest it in the recently announced en
gagement of Miss Sadie Hecht and Wil
liam Gerstle. While none were altogether
surprised many were unprepared for so
early an announcement. Miss Hecht, as
might have been expected, received many
elegant presents, prominent amone them
being several yards of costly old lace
from Mrs. Gerstle, the mother of her happy
nance.
Certainly the most elaborate event of the
past week «ras> the luncheon given by Mrs.
Whittell at her handsome residence on
California street. This was the very first
entertainment given in that sumptuous
new house. Much originality was mani
fested in the arrangement of the table,
which was shaped like a Maltese cross and
decorated with quantities of roses shaded
from delicate pink to deep crimson.
There are many moist eyes and heavy
hearts at the Presidio to-day. At 9 o'clock
this morning all the .cavalry, Colonel
Young in command, will bravely march
out from the Presidio on their way to Yo
senute, where they go in camp for six
months.
They expect to reach San Jose on the
sth, where they will remain in camp two
or three days and participate in the floral
fete and attending festivities. Unfortu-
nately for tlie picturesqueness of the scene
■ they carry no full-dress uniforms among
their baagage, and all are attired in cam
paign uniform. Last evening the final
hop of the season — a sort of au rcvoir to
the departing companies— was held la the
assembly hall at the Presidio, and in spite
of heavy hearts a most delightful time was
spent by all.
. On Sunday night Mrs. Darling, v/ife of
- Major Darling, gave a delightful little
dinner at her charming Presidio home.
The guests of the evening were General
Forsyth, Colonel Young and the Misses
Young. The table was decorated in yel
low and red. complimentary to the artil
lery and cavalry. Wit and repartee flowed
around the table. General Forsyth and the
clever hostess fairly covering themselves
witb glory by well-told stories and merry
badinage
It has been some time pince the Cosmos
Club lias exerted itseif in the entertain
ment line, but inactivity does not neces
sarily mean inanition, and it is h ighly
probable that the dinner to be given on
Saturday next, in honor of John Cun
ningham, will be one of the most brilliant
events the. popular Cosmos has ever pre
sided at. Mr. Cunningham, accompanied
by his wife and family, leaves on the 20th
for an extended Eastern visit, and the
Cosmos dinner is a sort of au revoir to one
of its most prominent, certainly one of its
most popular, members.
Thursday evening, in Chicago, Miss
Florence Pullman and Frank Lowden
were married at the residence of the bride.
The wedding was a very smart affair,
.more than 500 people being present. Mr.
Lowcien is a bright young lawyer of Chi
cago, and Miss Pullman is a daughter of
the millionaire car manufacturer of that
city and a sister of Mrs. Frank Carolan of
this City. Mrs. Carolan was the bride's
attendant, and the best man was Henry
Dawes of Pittsfield. Mass.
WEDDINGS.
Several Interesting Ceremonies of the Fast
Week.
Lieutenant Charles J. Hogan, Company M,
First Infantry, ft. G. C. and Miss Bertha Four
cade were united in marriage on the 28th
inst. at St. Joseph's Church by the Rev. Father
McDonald. After the ceremony the happy
couple were driven to their future residence,
2316 Bryant avenue, where a splendid wed
ding repast was prepared for them. Among
the guests were:
Mr. and Mrs. Cook, the bride's parents. Cap
tain A. <;. Johnson and wife, Mrs. S. Lynch.
Mrs. T. Sullivan, Mrs. Edward Cummin^s. Mi*s
Ctirrie Purcell, the bridesmaid, and Captain T.
F. O'Xeil, tne best man.
The young couple were the recipients of ;
many and handsome presents from their nu- i
merous frien<l«, who wish them prosperity in I
their future life.
An extremely interesting though quiet i
little family wedding was that of Miss
Aimee Woodworth and Louis W. Lovey
solemnized on Wednesday evening by the
Her. Dr. Stebbins at the residence of the bride's
mother, Madßm Rose Woodworth, on L&rkln j
street. The parlors, hall and dining-room were
beautifully decorated with roses, snowballs :
and other flowers by that skillful artist, Miss
Mary Bates ana her corps of efficient assist- j
ants. The bride looked lovely in her costume
of white cordcdhsilk, trimmed with lace and |
orange-blossoms. She was given away by her !
brother, Marshall B. Woodworth. Her younger '
Bister, MissLita Woodworth, was maid of honor, j
and Clarence Musto acted as best man. During ■
the ceremony Gounod's "Aye Mariu" was softiy
and sweetly played. After congratulations the j
party repaired to the dining-room and par- |
toot of a sumptuous repast while the musicians ;
discoursed some delightful strains. Mr. and :
Mrs. Lovey have gone to the southern part of .
the State on their wedding trip and wiil be away
two or three weeks. When they return they;
will make their home in Alaineda. They re
ceived many and elegant presents.
The Church of Notre Dame dcs Victoires was
the scene of a very pretty wedding last
Wednesday, -when Marie Louise Schweitzer,
daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Joseph Schweitzer,
and Frank S. Kelly were united in marriage.
The ceremony was performed by Rev. Father
Doran, a former classmate of the groom.
The beautiful bride was elegantly attired in
a white brocaded silK. The bodice was high
and trimmed with rare old lace. A diamond
star, the gift of the bride's mother, clasped the
long veil to the coiffure. She carried a large
bouquet of Bride's roses and carnations, and
was attended by her sister, Miss Albertine, the
best man being Thomas Kelly, the groom's
brother.
The bridesmaid wore a gown of pale Nile
green silk covered with mousseline de sole. A
bunch of red roses completed this most becom
ing toilette. The flower girl, Miss Clara
Schweitzer, was daintily dressed in white
dotted swies and pink ribbons.
After the ceremony the guests were driven
to the home of the orlde's parents, where an
elaborate wedding breakfast was served.
The happy couple were the recipients of
many beautiful and valuable present*.
An extended Eastern trip will complete the
bridal tour, which began by a visit to San Jose,
Santa Cruz and Del Monte.
The marriage ot Miss Hannah R. Ososke of
this City to J. I. Cohn of Yerington, Nev., was
solemnized at the residence of the bride's
parents, on Tuesday, April 14. Rev. M. Ek Levy
officiating. The ceremony was witnessed by
the relatives of the contracting couple only,
after which a dinner was served. Mr. and
Mrs. J. I. Cohn left on Monday, April 27, for
their future home in Nevada.
Miss Louise Collins, the granddaughter of
John Risdon, the capitalist, and John Caxton
Klein of the editorial staff of the New York I
World were married in the Colonial Hotel,
corner of Pine and Jones streets, at 3 o'clock
Thursday afternoon. The Rev. Horatio Steb
bins, rector of the First Unitarian Church,
performed the ceremony.
The rooms in which the ceremony took
place were decorated with roses and ribbons of
white.
Mr. Klein came to California from New York
on a vacation trip last month. He first met
Miss Collins about two weeks ago, and the
friends say that the meeting was a case of
"love at first sight." Mr. and Mrs. Klein will
pass their honeymoon at Coronado, aud will
then leave for New York City, where they will
reside permanently.
Mr. Klein gained distinction in the jonrnal
istic field -when he went to the Samoan Islands
in 1890 during the time of the war there
between the Germans and the natives, when
he acted as correspondent for the New York
Herald and the Examiner.
Miss Collins, who iR a bright and charming
young lady, is a cousin of Mrs. L. R. Mead of
Byron Springs. She has many friends here
and is well known in society circles.
HOME GATHERINGS.
The Leap Tear and Birthday Anniversary
Pleasantly Celebrated.
An enjoyable evening: was spent Wednesday,
April 22, nl asocial gathering given In honor
ol Miss Ida Malinoff by the Misses G. and H.
Harttnan, at their residence, 15).<{ Harriet
street. Singing, dancing, game», etc., were the
features of the evening, were fur
nished by the Gladiator Mandolin Club and
Master Simon Hartman. The following guests
were in attendance: Miss ida Malinoff. Miss
Lena Becker, Miss Annie Becker, Miss Flora
Malinoff, Kahn Williams, Abe llccker, Paul
Goldstein, Ed Goldstein and ma.iv others.
On Tuesdiiy evening last Miss Lillian Oakes
was the recipient of a birthday party tendered
her by her sister, Mrs. C. J. Harrigan, at their
residence on Folsom street.
Tho house was tastefully decorated with
ferns and flowers.
The young folks danced and made merry
until midnight, when they all sat down to par
take of excellent refreshments, after which
(lancing was resumed.
Frank P. Scully entertained the company
throughout the evening with his comical song*
and witty sayings.
Those who participated in the enjoyable
afl'ttir were as follows:
Miss Lillian OaKi-s, Mis? Josie Oakes, Mi»s
Lottie Kasten, Miss Olia Green*. Miss Muriihv
Miss Kitty Faire, Miss E;hel Burnette, Miss
Mageie Raabe, Milt Nellie Norton, Miss Frankie
Callahan, Miss Saydee taliahan. Mis Hnzel
Callahan, Mihs Edna Cailanan, Mist Kdvthe
Patch, Mifs May Kessler, Miss L. Berry, Mly-
A.Joost, Miss G. HiUop; Mr. and Mrs. c. J.
Harrigan. Mr. and Mrs. Frank Callahan, Miss
R. McOonnell of Brooklyn. N. T.j James t.'on
noley, William F. Britt, James £. Britt
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY 3, 1896.
I Jr., H. Gardner of New York City,
F. T. Sculley, Harry Maisou, W. O. Patch,
Charles Negener, Daniel McLaughlln, Charles
Matthews, D. D. Perkins. A. W. Perry, E. R.
I Burnette, J. L. Gaffney, Joseph Clifford , Thomas
' Oakes. W. D. Ryder, L. F. Hirsch, J. F. Kelley,
I C. Murphy, M. Jones, C. Mtilloy, Joseph Has
kins, Bert Collins, Mr. Winkler, Mr.Shorthall,
! J. Garrison, Gus Muldoon.
The Misses Withrow gave a delightful "at
! home" on Wednesday evening at their pretty
and artistic residence on Jones street. Taesc
i "at-homes" are always charming affairs, at
which the favored guests are sure to find con
genial company and delightful music.
On Wednesday evening an unusual surprise
awaited the guests. Herr Anton Schott, the
court slnjrer of the Emperor of Germany, was
present and rendered several vocal selections
that won for him enthusiastic applause.
Mr. Fickensher, the pianist, was also present
and played several WajinerJan selections in a
mo-it artistic manner.
A very pleasant leap year party was given
last Tuesday evening to Miss M. F. Nelson, at
hot residence, So3»£ Treat avenue; by N. F.
Witzemann in memory of old friendships and
good times. The evening was pleasantly passed
in music, dancing, singing and games suitable
to leap year. Thomas Bell added much to the
amusement of the company by his comic
songs, accompanied on the banjo. J. Robert
son's concertina solos were much appreciated.
After a bountiful supper dancing was re
sumed until the early hours of the morn.
Mr. King made an able after dinner speech,
which was responded to by N. F. Witzomann.
Among those present were: Miss M. F. Nel
son, Miss E. Dudy, Miss K. Herting, Miss L.
Pickelt. Miss E. Nelson, Mis* N. Hubley, Miss
H. Desmond, Miss A. Bell, Miss G. Bell. Miss L.
I Hatkins, Miss J. McCaiin, Miss G. Fuller. Miss
L. McCann, Miss A. Faller, Miss J. Faller, Miss
G. Grady, Miss M. Devlin. Miss K. Baman, Miss
L. Wedel, Miss A. Olsen, Mrs. William J. Hoi
; gersen, Mrs. Captain H. Nelson, and
! little Ethel Holgerson and Henriette Nelson.
, Messrs. N. F. Witzemann, William Holgersen,
, J. Hurley, William Miller, James King, Dr. J.
; Snow, J. Dresser, Captain James Johnson, D.
Bell, J. Roberson. T. Bell, Captain M. King, R.
McCain, J. McCain, William Jenkins, J. Mc-
Cann, William Roberson, P. Bannon, William
Triton, Captain J. Brown, William Stiles,
William Kaiser, J. Jesty, Captain William
i Anderson.
j A very enjoyable party was given at the
I Clifton, corner of Powell and Butler street*.
i on Wednesday evening, April 28, In honor of
I the eighteenth birthday of Miss Jannette
: Mathewson. daughter of Mrs. C. C. Mathewson
! and niece of General Joseph Mathewson. Tne
rooms were beautifully decorated with flowers
and ferns. The patriotic spirit of the young
lady was shown in the decoration of the largo
; dining-room, which was hung in the National
colors, garlanded with flowers, and, true to
! State as well as Nation, theeschscholtzia was to
■ be seen amid the roses. The young debutante
1 looked charming gowned in soft white muslin
' trimmed with white satin ribbon and lace.
I She received many beautiful and costly pres
! ents. During the evening Miss Queen Mont
j gomery sang a solo, and toe Misses Grindley of
; Berkeley rendered a duet. Refreshments
; were then served, after which the room was
cleared for dancing, which was kept up till the
: wee sma' hours. About seventy-five relatives
and friends were present, among them being:
Mm. C. C. Math'.'wson, General Joseph Mathew
. Ron, Henry G. Mathewson. Donald Mathewson,
Professor and Mrs. Bonelli, Mr. and Mr*. G. W.
■ Shrlner, Mr. and Mrs. Fells. Mrs. A. S. Mont
j gomery, Mrs. L. T. Russell; Mrs. H. D. Daunt,
Tulare: Mrs. E. J. Hess, Lyons, Iowa; Mrs.
i Charles Rosenburg, Mrs. N. D. Hensley, Miss
' Queen Montgomery, Miss Edna Montgomery,
Miss Meda Collins, Miss Alice McKenzie; Miss
! Doris Frost, Sun Jose; Miss Jennie Grindley,
! Berkeley; Miss Maud Grindley, Berke
! ley; Mrs. D. McCarty, Miss Genevieve
Mccarty, Miss Gertrude McCartv, Miss
i Mollie Perkins, Miss Anna Raggett,
K. W. Russell, O. Kliser, L. Talbot Clifton, D.
; McCarty. William Stevenson, Robert Mitchell,
i George Appellate, Frank Owen, Charles
i Heath, Rutherford Beaton, P. Beaton, David
j Monroe, Alex McKay, M. Figin, W. 8. Mc-
Cormack.
Colonel and Mrs. C. Mason Kinne entertained
at luncheon on Saturday last at the Occidental
Hotel General Ivan N. Walker, commnnder-iu
chief of the Grand Army of the Republic, Mrs.
Walker, Colonel Dietrich (chief of Ftaff),
Mrs. Dietrich, Miss Dietrich, Major W. B.
Hooper, commander of the Loyal Legion; T. C.
Masteller, commander of the G. A. R., and past
commander Charles E. Wilson. Trie private
dining-room was beautifully decorated for the
occasion with flags and bunting and the table
adorned with roses and ferns. Two hours were
most delightfully spent, and a delicious menu
was agreeably spiced with reminiscences of
j days gone by. General Walker and party left
for the East Saturday evening.
other attractions Major
Joseph Knowlton made the Mayday hop at the
St. Nicholas Hotel bo attractive that a large
number attended. It was an exceedingly fash
ionable affair. Dancing was continued until a
late hour.
Mr. and Mrs. Eager celebrated the twenty
fifin anniversary of their wedding Thursday
evening, April 23, at their home, 329 Union
street. About sixty guests assembled and en
joyed a most delightful evening. Mr. and
Mrs. Eager received many costly and beautiful
presents.
CLUB GATHERINGS.
The Aqua Para Sooial Clnb and the Swedish
Ladies Entertain.
Aqua Pura Social Club gave a very success
ful fancy dress party last Wednesday evening,
Aj>ril 20, at Pythian Castle. Tho floor was un
der the direction of A. E. Ogg : who was as
sisted by Miss Hattle KnoKer, Harry Simard,
Miss Sadie Burke, Charles Groat, and Miss Julia
> Benfield. The arrangement* were completed
'. by Miss E. D. Davis, Gerard Wlls and Miss
i Mollie Jewell. Among the many present in
fancy dress were noticed Miss May DuplUsea.
"Star-spangled Banner"; Miss Kva Davis,
princess; Miss Sadie Burke, gypsy queen; Miss
Hattie Krieser, Aqua Pura; Miss Julia Bon
fteld, tailor lassie; Miss Daisy White, Southern
California; Misc Bertio Wallace, sunshine; Miss
Isabel Lewis, spring; Miss Eva Peck, roses.
The next novelty party by this popular club
will be a match social ou Wednesday evening.
May 27. 8>
A select Swedish leap-year party was given
Sunday evening, April 27, at Social Hall, Alca
zar building, by the Lndiei' Leap-Year Club,
in honor of their gentlemen friends. The
music was well selected for the occasion, and
dmicing wan one of the principal features of
the evening. The march was formed at IU
o'clock to the banquet-room, which was Illum
inated brilliantly and decorated with lilies,
roses and ferns. Those present were:
Oscar Olsen, Mr. Btarke, J. G. Satnlberg, Er
nest Bkarstedt, Albert Weil, D. Molander, L. p.
Sodermann, Q\m Larsen, Oscar E. Berg, Charles
Wedholm. 8. M. Olofsen, L. R. Andrews Mr.
Pierson, Fritz Sullivan, Louis Sanders, A. New
berg, O. A. Strombcrg. Uua Anderson, John
Johanson, Charles Rnmbcrg, L. Unramar, Ed
win Anderson. Albert Schnall, Mr. Pierton,
A. E. Carlsen, Misses Til.la Munson, Albertlna
Larson, Hclmen Garden, Emily is wanson, Louise
Benson, Hilma Carlson, Gertie Pearson, Mary
Anderberg, Annette Johnson, Miss Mauchelf,
Amanda Magnerson, Oda Johnson, Ellen John
son, Augusta Lundin, Augusta Olson, Anna,
Salomonson. Anna Johnson. Miss Plerson.
Many were the dancers who graced the ball
room floor at Mission Opera Hall last Wednes
day evening in response to the invitations is
sued by the Wednesday Night Cotillon Ciub.
The grand march was led by Miss J. Sweds.m
and P. Haly and was made up of some pretty
and intricate figures. The principal feature of
the affair was that, It being a leap-year party,
the ladies present did the honors of the even
ing, every tning being left exclusively to thtir
charge, with the most successful results. The
hali was handsomely decorated with flowers
aii'l bwiititiß of while and yellow, the c'.ub col
ors. The floor was under "the management of
Wai .1. Swcdson, assisted by Miss F. swedson
and Miss A. Mnyberry. Thefloorcommitleecou
siite«l oi the following: Miss N. Beanu-n, Mrs.
X. . 1. Wilitamn and the Misses Brady and <. au
dnge; reception committee— Miss V. Harres
sion, Miss A. Harression and Miss J. linrres
sion.
The California Cotillon Club celebrated its
regular monthly recrption and ball on last
Monday evening, April !i7, at California Hall.
The celebration took the form of a flower party.
The hall was elegantly decorated with stream
ers of various-i.olored bunting, flowers, ft- mi
and evergreens, all artistically intermingled.
The stage was tastefully arranged. Potted
palms and other plants "were used to screen
the orchestra from the view of the dancers.
Tae grand march moved promptly at 9
o'clock under the leadership of Miss Laura
Welker end Walter G. O'Brien. Dancing con
tinued until 10 o'clock when the souvenir
flower march was inaugurated, led by Thomas
ilic-ks accompanied by Miss Winnie Milledge.
Corsages and boutonnieres were in profusion,
and each guest was presented with a fraerant
memento. The success of the affair reflected
credit upon the following ladies who made up
the various committees: Miss Myra Soeßr,
Miss Meta Simon, Miss Lena Welker. Miss
Pauline Davis, Miss Emma Hicks and Miss
Milledge.
The next party of the club will take place
on Monday evening. May 25.
FOE CHABITY.
Delightful Concert in Aid of the San Fran-
Cisco Girls' Union.
Many prominent people were Interested in
the concert given for the benefit of the San
Francisco Girls' Union at Golden Gate Hall,
Wednesday evening, April 29.
The programme for the concert contained
the well-known names of R. A. Lucchesi,
pianist; Louis yon der Mehden, cellittt; J.
Josephs, violinist; Miss Lotta Musto, mezio
soprano; Miss Marie Ireland, left-handed
piauist; Mtse Eveline Cahill, mezzo soprano,
who made her debut on this occasion;
Miss Susie Hoburt, reader; Frank Coffin and
J. McAuliffe.
The Girls' Union is a society which is doing
much for the self-supporting young women of
this City, and it is most gratifying to record
that the concert was a financial as well as a
social success.
SURPRISE PARTIES.
The Young Folkg Attend and Make Merra
the Honrs.
The residence of Mrs. Anna Mclntyre, 10
Bartlett street, presented a scene of revelry
last Monday week, the occasion being a de
lightful surprise party tendered to her daugh
ter, Miss Jeannette Partridge, and her friend,
Miss Mona Taubman, the birthdays of both
young lailies occurring on the same date. The
house was beautifully decorated. Hnd the spa
cious parlors were filled to overflowing. Bap
pet was served at 12. The musical programme
was as follows:
Duet, mandolin and guitar, Messrs. Clay and
AreiUinos; vocal solo, "He Was a Prince,"
Miss Florence Raymond; "Love's Sorrow,"
Prank Houpt; duet, "Two Maidens Fair," Miss
Nettie Partridge and Miss Jennie Williams;
vocal solo, "The Holy City," Mark Bradley.
Amone those present were Misses Lillie and
Mabel Euiiijf, Florence Raymond, Jennie
Williams, Fannie Sanborn, Carrie Belton,
Haisy I^ee, Vera Pedlar, Sallie Goss. Jeanette
and Alice Partridge, May Schrade. May Cook
son. Mona an<i Kate Taubmau. Maud Her
strike, and Messrs. Allan Ormnna. Frank Cook
son, William Conlon, Harry < oilic, Fred
Bullin. Frank Houpt, Leslie Collom, George
Kails, Ed Folks, Ray Irving, S. Scott, Ed Clay,
William Areillinos, John Squire, Arthur
Raymond, Irving Sanborn. Andrew Turpin,
Mark Bradley and Dr. Flood.
A surprise party was given to Miss Ida
Brock owsky at herresidencp. 32 Natoma street,
Tuesday evening, April 28. Among those
pre&entwere: Mins M. Rasmufsen, Misses Ag
gie and Minnie Dwyer, Miss Rosle Murray,
Miss Eva Llnd, Miss Lillie Brockowsky, A.
Rasmussen, Peter Hergoti, Louis Strakcy, J.
Breithoutt, Miss Bertha Laf key, Richard Gog
gel, Herman Brockowsky, F. "Brockowsky, T.
Brockowsky.
A very enjoyable surprise party was ten
dered Robert Jordan at his residence, lti'2-4
San Carlos avenue, on the evening of April 23,
by his many friends. The evening was passed
pleasantly with music, singing, dancing and
games. Some thirty-five young people were
present, and the gathering" did not brenk up
Until the wee sma" hours of the morning.
IN THE FUTURE-
Announcement Made of Entertainments for
the Coming Week.
The Californias will give their second party
Thursday evening, May 7, at California Hall.
Precita Parlor No. 187. N. S. G. W., will give
a social Tuesday evening, May ">. at Maenner
bund Hall, corner Twenty-fourth street and
Potrero avenue.
The Mystics have Issued invitations for their
nineteenth party, which will bs held at the
Native Sons' Hall on Tuesday evening. May 12.
As usual this will be strictly an evening dress
affair.
The P. D. C. will give its fifty-seventh party
at Odd Fellows' Hall on Tuesday evening,
May 5.
Social Council No. 46, Order of Chosen
Friends, will give an entertainment and
social Thursday evening, May 14, at Red Men's
building, 320 Poststreet.
Court Seal Rock, Foresters of America, will
give an excursion to Glenwood Park, Santa
Cruz Mountains, to-day, Sunday, May 3.
The beueßt derived from the outtn* will be
used to assist fellow clnb members who are in
distress.
PER3ONAL NOTES.
Mrs. James Dunn and the Misses Dunn left
yesterday for an extended Eastern and
European visit.
The Misses Marie Wone and Pearl Elklns will
leave for Europe in several weeks. Mrs. M. H.
Moore will chaperon them. The young ladle*
will be present at the gun-shoots in France
and England.
Mr. and Mr*. H. G. W. Dinkelspiel have gone
south to be gone a short time.
Mrs. M. X. Hindi will be pleased to see her
friends on the first and second Tuesdays In
May at !M8 Van Ness avenue.
Mr. and Mrs. 1. 11. Jacobs and Miss Carrie
Jacobs are at the California Hotel.
Mrs. M. Frieflotithal, accompanied by her
daughter, of l'ortland, Or., is visiting her
parents, Mr. and Mrs. Korn, at 1121 Scott
street.
Mis* Hftttie Korn, who hag been visiting
relatives in Portland, returned to her home
Thursday.
H. Kennedy and Joseph J. Matthews left on
Thursday last fora trin to Oregon.
Mrs. Mortou L. cook, accompanied by her
Children, Morton Jr. and Violet, left their
Aiameda home on the 27th last, to attend the
Santa Rosa. Carnival, alter which they will
remain at Petaluma, to be gone about four
weeks.
Prince Poniatowski has arrived in London as
a representative of a mining company formed
In this City.
Miss Virginia Fair is visiting the young
Duchess of Marlborough, at Blenheim, and
both Miss Fair and the Duchess are having
Miniatures done by a talented young woman
oi New YorK.
Whitelaw Keid is in town, the guest of D. O.
Mills.
Miss Ella V. McCloskey, who was for many
years the popular contralto of Calvary Church,
bas been given Mrs. Birmingham's position as
contralto oi the First Unitarian Church choir.
Miss MeCloskey has just returned from an ex
tended visit to the Eastern States.
HugoToland is in town from his home in
Hew York and will probably remain here
during the summer months.
Mrs. Philip C»duc has returned to the City
and is residinß at 1001 Pine street.
Mrs. W. C. Kalston left on Tuesday last for a
trip to Honolulu.
Senator and Mrs. A. P. Williams have left for
a six month*' Eastern visit.
Mrs. Lelftnd Stanford left for Washington,
D. C, last Wednesday in her private car.
Mr. and Mr«. Robert Oxnard sailed from New
lork last Saturday for Liverpool.
Julius Platshek accompanied by his son.M.
J. Platehek, will start for Europe on May 5.
HAVE DUMB
ANIMALS SOULS?
Continued from yi.nftr.enth Page.
is neUher rational nor just. Evolution goes
on, aiways on and on. There are no lapses,
no sudden changes. Everything is gradual
and orderly. Man does not jump from the
human to the divine. There are steps be
fore as well as behind the human soul—re
births, reincarnations. Beyond man are
the adepts, masters; beyond them still
higher, grander souls— souls that love more
and know not hate— and still the cnain
is incomplete, the cycle unending. Yes;
truly do animals have souls, and Darwin
guessed but half the truth.
A STANFORD PROFESSOR.
Immortality of the Animal Soul
Not a Question of
Science.
Professor F. Angell of the department of
psychology at Stanford University discusses
the problem from the standpoint of purely
scientific evidence. He concludes that, in the
sense that the mental processes of man and
animals are alike la kind, though differing in
degree. It may be said that animals have souls,
but he contends that the immortality o( these
souls is a question of religious faith and not of
science.
Have Animals Souls?
The circulation of the blood, respiration
and the other processes of the negative sys
tem go on in the bodies of animals, in
cluding man, automatically — that is, they
aie carried out according to mechanical
Jaws and without the intervention of con
sciousness.
Moreover, processes which are at first
voluntary become through practice au
tomatic; we shut our eyes involuntarily
when a list is darted toward them, and we
involuntarily stretch out a hand to save
ourselves from falling. Reflecting on these
facts and filled, through the discoveries of
Galileo and Harvey, with the conception of
the mechanical nature of all the processes
of the universe. Rene Descartes, the father
of modern philosophy, asserted that the
actions of all animals below man were
automatic, that man's actions, so far as he
was an animal, were likewise automatic,
bnt that man differed from the other ani
mals in possessing a rational soul which
directed his actions as the engineer
directed the engine. Descartes' disciple,
Malebranche, stated very clearly what was
meant by the automatism of animals. "In
dogs, in "cats and in other animals," he
says, "there is neither intelligence nor
spiritual soul as we understand it. They
eat without pleasure, they cry without
pain; they desire nothing, tney are aware
of nothing."
The common-sense of mankind at large
prevented any very wide acceptance of
Malebranche's deductions from Descartes*
doctrine, though the Port Royalists, who
adopted these views, are said to have
treated domestic animals with cruelty and
neglect. But Descartes' philosophical doc
trine, backed by scriptural authority in re
gard to the "beast that perisheth," be
came, with more or less modification, the
popular view, in succeeding centuries, of
the difference between men and other ani
mals. Thus it was and is commonly held
that man possesses some mental or spirit
ual attributes the very rudiments of which
are wanting in the mental make-up of
animals. This attribute is sometimes
called the rational soul, sometimes reason,
sometimes (-imply soul, and the corre
sponding difference in conduct is indicated
by the common remark that animals act
through instinct and man through reason.
The tendency, however, of the doctrine
of evolution is to submerge this barrier I
erected by an early philosophy and shored
up by theology. Step oy step, from the
lower animais up to man, we find the ex
tent and complexity of mental action par
alleled by the extent and complication of
the brain, and step by step we hnd all the
earlier forms of growth of the human ani
mal repeated in the development of the
animals below man. Consequently we
should expect to find no greater break in
the continuity of the mental series than of
the physical series; in other words, we
should expect to find in the minds of ani- j
mals the rudiments, at least, of all that we
find in the mind of man.
And, indeed, the numerous careful in
vestigations into child and animal
psychology of the past few years indicate
that sne is the case. Darwin, Romanes
and other trained observers have shown
that animals display almost all the emo
tions which are felt by the human being,
among them sympathy, remorse, deceit,
the ludicrous, cruelty "and benevolence.
Romanes even speaks of an "indefinite
morality," the raw material of con
science, which exists among dogs. The
monkey and elephant have been known
to use tools to serve their own purposes,
and Darwin speaks ot reason in au annual
as low as the crab.
Whether the numerous well-authenti
cated stories of the sagacity of animals,
particularly of dogs, indicate the use of
reason as v.c understand it in men, it is
difficult to say; it certainly seems hard to
avoid the inference that monkeys, ele
phants and dogs often reason out their
methods of action. But it is still a mooted
question among psychologists whether
or not animals form abstract ideas. If
they do not, it is hard to see how they can
reason, in our sense of the word; and in
this case we should be driven to explain
ing their apparently rational acts through
the logical association of ideas.
The artist Hamerton, a most careful ob
server of animals, speaks of a posthorse
which fell on a hard road and broke a lure i
leg bo that the broKen ends of the bone
portruded through the skin. The horse j
was turned out into an adjoining pasture, i
and the next morning was found content
edly nibbling the grass, while the turf all :
around was dented with holes punched by
tht leg bone of the horse during its noc- !
turnal grazing. The moral of this is that I
the conditions of pain in the horse must be i
very different from what they are in the \
human being. And many other instances j
could be given to show the danger of ex
plaining the actions of animals on the
basis of human thoughts and feelings.
But granting this argument its full
weight, it is still highly probable that in
tellectual processes of many animal 3, set
ting aside the question of instinct, are be
yond the powers of the human infant's
mind. In other words, that the mental i
processes of the developed animal and I
undeveloped human beim' overlap.
In this sense, then, that the mental pro
cesses of man and animals are alike in
kind, though differing in degree, it may
be said that animals have souls. Whether,
however, these soul 9 are immortal is a
question not of science, but of religious
faith.
WHAT PROF. LE CONTE SAYS
Spirit Individuality Not Possessed
by the Dumb Ani
mal.
Being interviewed on the question of
souls in animal?, Professor Joseph Le
Conte of the University of California said :
"I have treated that subject at length In
my published works, and therein I have
declared that self-consciousness especially
seems to me the simplest sign of separate
entity or spirit individuality, and its ap
pearance among psychical phenomena
•the very act of spirit birth.' We may
imagine man to have emerged ever so
gradually from animals. In this gradual
development the moment he became con
scious of self, the moment hs turned his
thoughts inwar.l in wonder upon himself
and on the mystery of his existence as
separate from nature, that moment marks
the birth of humanity out of animalitv.
All else characteristic, of man followed as |
a necessary consequence. I am quite sure
that if any animal, say a dog or a monkey,
could be educated up to the point of self
consciousness (which, however, 1 am sure
is impossible), that moment 'he' (no
longer 'it') would become a responsible
moral being, and all else characteristic of
moral beings would follow. At that mo
ment would come personality, immortal
ity, capacity of voluntary progress, and
science, philosophy, religion would quickly
follow.
"We have emphasized self-oonscious
ness as the most fundamental sign of
spirit individuality, buc a difference of
exactly the same kind is found running
through the whole gamut of human facul
ties as compared with corresponding facul
ties in animals. As animal consciousness
is related to human self-consciousness, so
exactly is animal will to human free will,
animal intelligence to human reason,
animal sign-language to rational gram
matical speech of man. constructive art of
animals to true rational progressive art of
man. In every one of these the resem
blance is great; but the difference is im
mense, and not only in degreo but also in
kind. In every case it is like shadow and
substance, promise and fulfil lm u ntj or,
still better, it is l>ke embryo and child.
The change from one ;o the other is like
to a birth into a higher sphere, the begin
ning of another cycle of evolution."
Rev. George Ross wrote over the name
Of "Arthur Stetchley." An Eastern mag
azine says that it was the name of a school
boy friend.
WAR IN GRAIN INSURANCE
Local Managers Cannot Agree
on Rates for Growing
Crops.
FAEMERS TO GET THE BENEFIT
New Phase of the Fire Underwriters'
Bitter Fight— The Patrol Not
in Danger.
There is going to be a free-for-all conflict
among fire insurance companies over in
suring growing grain this season through
j out the State. This news will no doubt be
| pleasing to farmers, who have not been
I getting all their share out of the wheat
j crops. It may mean that a man with 1000
i acres of growing grain can insure his crop
; against fire for a paltry figure in compari
son with rates of former years; and also
that every field of wheat and other grain
will be covered by policies.
The prospect of a war in this branch of
fire insurance business became a certainty
yesterday, when the local companies failed
to agree on a standard rate.
A petition had been circulated among
the thirty-rive companies dealing in grain
insurance, asking the general managers of
the respective agencies to sien it in favor
of a certain rate. A. E. Magill of the
Fhrenix and Home, who has persist
ently objected to the formation of a com
pact, refused to sign. Two other managers
hearing of thii? decided to withhold their
signatures. As it was evident that the
petition had fallen through a meeting of
the managers was called. They assembled
yesterday at California and Battery streets
in the Underwriters' rooms and made an
abortive attempt to combine on a stand
ard rate for insurance of growing grain
from risk by tire. Thirty-five companies
were represented. Magill refused to join
hands with his rivals, and so the plan was
abandoned as a failure.
And now the old standard exists no
more for the farmer. A little dickering on
his part, by putting one company against
another, will in all probability rosultin an
offer for business at his own terms.
''The result will be a go-as-you-please
policy, a leading manager remarked.
"Cut your neighbor's throat and be
done with it. Anything to get business,"
It is possible that the assessment on fire
insurance companies for support of the
Fire Patrol will be increased this quarter,
since the old l\i per centum of premium
income is not sufficient for that purpose
any longer. The patrol, however, will
not be curtailed further. Salaries of
men in the patrol have been reduced, ex
penses cut down wherever it was possible
to retrench, the outside station on Eddy
street abolished and the premises rented,
and in addition to all this the public
spirited secretary and treasurer, Rudolph
Herrold, relinquished his salary and acts
for the institution without remuneration.
The service of the patrol, however, is now
restricted to the territory within the fire
limits.
Thomas E. Pope, assistant general agent
of the iEtna. has retired and accepted the
agency of the Pennsylvania Company of
Pniladelphia, which was withdrawn from
the office of Brown, Craig & Co.
FORMIDABLE ENGINES OF WAR
The French Army Not So Great » Bar
den to the Nation as Imagined.
One cannot speak or think of the French
army without at once comparing it with
the German. If we strip off the coverings
and come to the naked fact the two armies
exist for the purpose of fighting each
other, and, therefore, the prime question
is, "Which will win, which will be the
best able to stand the strain of war?" No
doubt the fact that the French army is
popular is a great gain in peace, and, to a
ertain extent, a gain in war. The light
hearted, enthusiastic soldier will do won
ders when he is on the rising wave. If,
however, the popularity of the army has
been bought by a sacrifice of the essentials
ofdiscipline.it has been bought far too
dearly. When once nations are at war the
popularity or unpopularity of military
service matters in truth very little. All
that the soldier thinks of is winning, for
he knows that in the long run winning is
the road of safety and of life, and soldiers,
like otherinen, think of their lives.
The giievancea of the barracks are ail
sunk in the instant need for standing
shoulder to shoulder, and if these griev
ances were only the phenomena of rigid
discipline men'in the field might easily
come to regai d them as a source of safety.
Ihe unhappy conscript, if his unhappiness
be due not to a weak soirit, but to the iron
strictness of the discipline under which he
is drilled, may fight quite as well, nay
better, than he whose barrack life has been
so pleasant that it has failed to make him
feel the awful seriousness of war. The
men who set their teeth and tire in dour,
stubborn, gloomy earnestness are often
better soldiers than those to whom a cam
paign seems a kind of picnic. At the
same time it must not be forgotten that
the martinet* style of discipline may con
ceivably be carried too far and may result
in breaking the sDirit of the soldier and in
turning him into a mere machine. What
is wanted is a discipline which produces
perfect loyalty to the officer and perfect
obedience, but which at the same Urn*
leaves the soldier his independence and
his power of initiative when initiative is
required.
The soldiers of Grant and Sherman to
ward the end of the war had these quali
ties to perfection, and if I mistake not our
own soldiers at the present day have them
as largely developed as they can be devel
oped in time of peace. Possibly the French
private has them, too. But be that as it
THATKASBQN
1 YOUR FACE,
Arms or Neck can be removed permanently
only by the Electric Needle. When you have
tried in vain powders or lotions, mating the
growth thicker than ever, you will come to me
and say, ■•.'•rot* told th* truth!" Performed
by me, hair is removed perfectly, painlessly
and permanently. >o other one eun. .
tTH AT i
J7 GRAY
_ HAIR
''**"• does not become yon, but
makes you look older than you should. It can
be easily , restored to original color at my par-
lors, or you can buy my
4-OW HAIR RESTORER, &£!» bottle
TIM I 11 I 111 IIJi.M vltfjll, Casy to use.
Not sticky or greasy. Best on earth.
PERFECT COMPLEXIONS
can be kept so only.by the use of a good Skin
food to keep the sKin healthy, clear and
smooth, My v
LOLA MONTEZ CREME
is the best; 75c a jar. Lasts three months.
Only way you can keep from getting tan,
freckles or t sunburn is by using thiscreme.
Good for burns and insect bites.
TRIII, RAY Ladies but of city sending this
1 lu.ili DVA. ad with 10c in stamps will re-
ceive a book of instructions and a box of
LOLA MONTEZ CREME
And Face Powder free. -
MRS. NETTIE HARRISON', Dermatologist,
40-42 Geary street, San Francisco.,
may, the French army is one of the most
formidaole engines of war* that the wafld
has ever seen, and is far less of a national
burden tb-an misrht have been imagined.
It is, morally as well as physically, the na
tion in arms, and exactly reflects the char
acteristicts of xhe French people.— The
Spectator.
VERTEBRA OF
A WHALE
Now Used as Sign for a Corset
Factory on Sutter Street! . "
Several years' growth of grass and weeds
were cut out of the front yard of one" of
the old resiliences on Sutter street, aboVe
Powell, a few.days ago and brought into
plain view a most curious sign. It is a ver
tebra of a whale, and it is indicated that
there is a corset factory ir the house,
where whalebone is used.-
This old sign was at one time one of the
sights of that portion of town, although
Vertebra of a Whale Used as a Slgi
pebple soon got used to it and it attracted
only a passing glance. It was first placed
in front of a small house on the south side
of Sutter street in 1876, where it remained
until moved to its present position about
four years ago. In its old place it was on
a wooden platform and always in plain
sight. Since it has been moved, however,
it is scarcely noticeable and thousands, of
people pass daily within a few feet of it
and never know it is there.
The whale that once was the owner of
the vertebra must have been a monster,
although at the time he was killed there
were very likely a good many just like
him. The bone is about six feet across at
the widest point from sido to side and four
feet the other way.
" At one time the bone had a sign painted
on it, but that has been almost obliter
ated by the action of the elements. In
fact the bone itself shows signs of decay.
It is bleached almost white and is cracked
in a dozen places. Judging from its pres
ent appearance it won't belong before it
crumbles to pieces.
Cost of a Coronation.
Asked to a monster picnic to-morrow at
Prince Youssoupcff's place, twenty-two
versts from here, I wonder that there are
enough people left for it; for the last few
days Moscow has been emptying itself
fast into foreign waterinc-places, or the
"terres" that everybody possesses in
Russia; and with the Emperor and Em
press's departure on Saturday night the
coronation was over even for the jaded
officials. Poor creatures! Even its recol
lections seem to weigh upon them; but
they always add apologetically, "C'etait
tres beau. 1 Now for the cuuntry to re
cover; somebody said that would take
twenty years. The coronation is gener
ally reported to have cost it 40,000,000
rubies — exactly £4,000,000.— The Century.
There are forty-seven Chinese temples in
America.
iV^j NEW TO-DAY. ! 'V--1- ...
ciifirag
WASHGOODS
DEPARTMENT! ;
THE LATEST
PRODUCTIONS.
CHOICE DIMITIES AND LAWNS, *
12^c, 15c, 20c and 25c per Yd.
FAST COLORED BATISTES, 38 ;
inches wide—
15c per Yard.
GRASS LAWNS, colored stripes— ,*:
: _ 15c per Yard/
FRENCH PIQUES, dotted, figured,
striped and all plain colors— * ".
__ 40c par Yard.
A large and and select variety of FRENCH
ORGANDIES. MARSEILLES.;' A- '
TISTES, NAINSOOKS AND LAWN
TISSUES.
Also, an assortment of. DOTTED SWISS
with plain and colored dots, all bein*
sold at POPULAR PRICES. ;■ • ■ *
ELEGANT WASH WAISTS,
Made of the most delicate and up-to-date
materials, from « .
60c, 75c, 85c, $1.00 Upward.
SEHABtAESPANOt ■«*■•
G. VERDIER &i CO., .
SE. Cor. Geary and Gram Aye.
VILLE DE PARIS.
BRANCH HOUSE.
LOS ANGELES.WEAKENING ON SILVER
Ex-Governor • Colcord of Nevada
Thinks White Metaliists Are
 ;-..' Scarcer.
HE AGREES WITH WOLCOTT.
His Interests Story of the Political
..and Mining Development on
. . .' " : . ' the Plateau.
Ex-Governor .R. K. Colcord of Nevada
. waa among the arrivals nt the Palace yes
. terday. He has:been examining a minine
• property about, .'fifteen miles from Mari
posa,- in Mariposa County. Others are
. associated with liim, and the mine may be
. bought, but-it is Hot certain yet.
.-' The -ex-Governor says that Nevada is,
■ after all, ac prosperous as some parts of
.California. He has extended his trip as
'. far. south as Sajv Bernardino. Mariposa,
■ he says, is' prosperous. "I refer to the
• town;"- he said. • "It looks clean and pro
gressive.' I found the mines there looking
; pretty well. .. I was there thirty-six years
ago, and had never- been, back till this
;; trip."' . ' . : •
He is the owner of mining property at
■••■•■ Silver. City, on-t.he extension of the Bruns
■. . widlr lode,' and this he is now developing,
with., good results. The Governor thinks
, • thc.Br'unswick lode ought to turn out well,
■as the Comstock. people have outlined
'.■•." .jean's to -develop) it. .
"We have now turned our attention
almost solely to gold mining," continued
he; "as silvern-o longer pays. Our people
were forced to ' do this. The result has
been that a great many little gold mines
have been developed.
- : ■. "As to politics in Nevada.it is all one
• way there;for - . almost every one is pro
nounced for sjlver. Nevertheless, a Re
. publican delegation will be sent to St.
Louis. ■ . ■
"Our convention will meet May 9. We
areentitled to srx delegates to the National
' . Convention. I suppose our people will be
lor McKinley.; I am not going to St.
'. Louis as. a dei-egate myself. I told our
people I didn't care to go.
..'-.. "I am not the uncompromising silver
advoca.tethat many of our people are. I
agree .with Senator Wolcott that probably
the best thing- that can be done is to stay
inside the -Republican party and work as
persistehtlyas we can there. I am satis*
.. fied that even California is split up on that
': question. . [
. .-.- "I.believe not over haif the people here
•. ; ' are. for. silver/and as for the strength of
the Silver party-over country I think
it is falling awsfy and getting weaker rather
than increasing. .It looks to me so, there
• fore I think it.wiseforus to pursue the best
course we caii,. recognizing the situation."
: The ex-Govefnor is vice-chairman of the
. Bepublican State Central Committee of
Nevada. : He has had more or less to do
with politics there for many years. He
will probably leave for his home in Carson
tp'-n'it:ht.
AN ARTISTIC
STONE WALL
I r Belongs to an Old Residence
- '.on Pine Street.
In no city "in the United States have so
. many beautiful stone walls been built as
in: San Francisco. This has, of course,
■ been, due to. the fact that many of the
streets-are hiljy. Most of the architects
of the prjeseht day lay out gardens in hilly
, places in the form of terraces, as in the
Tqwhe residence on California street, but
. the men who did the work here twenty
. :•_ - five or thirty years, ago were given to the
One of the Finest and Most Artistic
Garden Walls in the United States.
•...■.■.' [From a sketch.]
. Italian style of. "banging gardens." Some
of this work is really beautiful, although
the greater portion of it has been neglected
and allowed to go to ruin.
The most artistic of these old walls is so
located as to be almost concealed from
view. It belongs to the Wilson residence
on the corner of Stockton and Pine streets,
although it qannot be seen from the front
of the house. To get a good view of it it is
necessary to go to the corner of Bush and
Monroe streets and look up toward Pine.
The wall is on the right hand side, and the
portion shown in the accompanying pict
ure is Certainly the most beautiful garden
wall in the country.
It rises about thirty feet from the side
walk and the toy> is surmounted by a rail
ing in tbe Italian style of architecture.
Planted just behind the railing, so that its
branches hang over, is a hed^e of cypress.
The whole lemrth of the railing is "twined
with ivy that hangs down over the wall in
tbe most graceful manner.
Tbe eeneral effect of this combination of
beautiful forms and color? is most pleas
ing. The dark cypress stands out in bold
reljef a,gaint>t tbe sky. When the sun
strikes the waU the effect produced makes
the place look like some famous spots on
the shores of the Mediterranean.
Of course^ the immediate surroundings
are not what .they might be. The old
buildings near by are ugly in the extreme,
but if one can manage to foreet them the
wall is well worth looking at.
A BLOODLESS BATTLE.
How the Federal* Were Deceived by a
Trio of Confederate*.
I wiJl give you an account of a battle
which historians and bookmakers have
not noticed, said Judge Reagan of Texas
In a recent lecture. On one occasion a
detachment of the Federal army, under
the command of Colonel Grierson, unex
pectedly approached Richmond from the
northwest and opened fire on the city.
The shell only reached the Government
stables on Bacon quarter ranch and
did little damage. On hearing the guns
ond knowinc we had no troops in
that quarter, Mr. Mallory. the Secretary
ot the Navy, and myself, mounted our
horses and galloped out to learn what it
meant. The residence of Colonel .Tumes
Lyons, one of the most prominent citizens
and lawyers of Richmond, wan in the sub
urbs of the city 111 that direction. We had
a line of earthworks, which lay between
the Federals and Ins residence, which
were not manned. When we got insight
of these eartiiworks we saw Colonel
Lyons riding up and down tlie line. Gal
loping up to him we inquired what he was
doing.
He answered, "Commanding the forces,"
and said, '"Reagan, you command the
rieht ana I will command the center."
We rode along the earthworks, pointing
and gesticulating for some time, as though
giving directions to our forces. The firing
finally ceased and the Federals drew off
through fear that we had a force concealed
waiting for them. If they had known it
there was noth'ng to prevent them from
marching into the city. Though this was
a bloodless battle it was an important vic
tory for the capital of the Contederacy.
THE EMPTY NEST.
Blue, blue the sky, and glad birds sing:
80 clear is Nature's whispering
That my soul cau hoar the lily-bells ring.
The blades of Rnen and virgin grass
Caress my footsteps as they pass;
Bo: my sad soul chanls a Requiem Mass.
Sweetly fresh the soft wind blows
■\Vltli perfumed message to buddlug rose
Making its petals soft unclose.
To-day there is no grief or gloom
In Nature's voice, nor sound of doom|
But oh ! but oh ! that little tomb.
It stands between me and the light:
'Tis all my dreaming in the night;
It shuts God's sunshine from my sight.
I know lie doeth what is best,
And angels lull my own to rest,
But oh ! the little empty nest.
Mbs. C W. Ksox.
San Jose, April 30, 1896.
CURIOUS FUNERALS.
; A Corpse Escorted by Hundreds of
Chimney Sweepers.
The most amusing request ever made by
j a dying man was probably that of a very
i jovial Irishman. Having a glorious recol
lection of the fun he had enjoyed at wakes
and funerals he was very anxious that his
I friends should make tli^ most of the op
portunity In his case. Hence he specially
: requested that a certain sum of money
1 should be spent in entertainiiiß the mourn
! ers and regaling them with the good
I things of this world, especially of a liquid
charac.ei.
This was promised, and the question
was asked, should the money be spent on
the way to the cemetery or on tne return ?
Pat regarded the inquiry as distinctly su
perfluous, and replied, with some degree
I of irritation:
"Why, goin' out, sure. I'll b? wid you
I then, but I won't be wid ye coming back."
The good man's peculiar ideas as to the
connection between the mortal and spirit
ual in mankind were duly respected, and j
the boys had an elegant time botn before :
the procession started an<J while it was en :
route for the scene of his last resting- [
! place.
Ciegg, one of the oldest conjurors of I
whom we know any details, was equal^ I
solicitous for his friends' creature com- !
forts. He expressed a desire to be buried \
{ in a peculiar fashion, and his request was
J complied with. Of his very scanty savings
' quite a large percentage was set aside for <
j the entertainment of sixty of his bosom
friends, who acted as chief mourners.
They arrived early in the day, took a
i last look at the remains of him with whom I
they had enjoyed so many hours of bois- :
terous mirth, "and then sat down to a fu
neral feast, consisting of spiced cakes and
j an unlimited supply of home-brewed ale.
j Each wore, as per directions, little wreaths |
of holly, gorse and rosemary, anil a small i
band of tiddlers scraped out bright melo
dies while the baked meats were being de
j voured and the ale disposed of.
By the time the funeral profession
! started most of the sixty were slightly in
■ ebriaied, and the march to the graveyard |
I was far from dignified. The tiddlers led !
the way, followed by the sixty mourners, i
I -with another chief mourner bringing up \
the rear on a more or less lineal descend- ;
! ant of the animal which delivered the his
torical rebuke to Balaam of old.
A quarter of a century ago an old lady j
! who was an inveterate snuff-taker made it j
I imperative upon her heirs to recognize
i her habit at her funeral. For years her
j friends had tried to persuade her to aban
j don a habit which had become part of her
nature, and was a source of annoyance to 1
all her friends.
She was obstinate as well as wealthy,
ana not only kept up the habit to the last,
but in her will caLed for a snuff funeral.
Her direct heirs were in favor of innoring
the instructions as evidently the work of a
mind diseased, and allowing the estate to
be distributed by the public administrator.
The other legatees, however, were loud
in their protests, and they finally prevailed.
Snuff was scattered over her body and
along the line of the procession, while the
pallbearers were such inveterate snuff
takers that they readily fulfilled their part
of the not very select arrangement. It is
even Ptated that the minister, in order to
earn an exceptionally large fee, took snuff
throughout the entire c> -reiuony.
A very interesting account was published
in a London newspaper more than forty
years ago of the funeral of George Wil
liams, described as the king of the chi m
ney-sweepers. He died just before the
great exhibition was opened, and his
funeral was attended by several hundred
chimnev-dear.ers, including an immense
number of little boys, who earned a few
pence a day by climbing up flues and re
moving soot and obstructions.
As a tribute of respect to a profession
which, in the days of large open grates
and historical chimney corners, was a very
I important one, and partly because of WiF
-1 lianas' dying request, these little sweepers
'' worked as u?unl during the early daylight
hours, and appeared at the funeral with
faces, hands and clothing covered with
! soot. As banners they carried the brushes
I used in their hazardous and lung-destroy
j ing work, and the parade was one of the I
i most grotesque on record.
The proceedings were calculated to an
noy people of reiined sentiment, for the
trade obsequies were continued up to
J the grave itself, and the utensils used by
the chimney-cleaner were, like we are told
is the. good a man does, buried with him.
But the results of the funeral were em
inently satisfactory. It had not been gen
erally recognized that boys of six and
eight summers were employed to climb up
flues and knock out obstructions, but the
number of the diminutive specimens of
humanity called attention to the acts of
cruelty which were perpetrated in the
small hours of the morning before or
dinary mortals were astir.
Inquiries were made, and it was ascer
tained that the boys were frequently
whipped into obedience, and forced into
chimneys which were sometimes hot
enough to blister their little hands and
feet. Thus it was that this peculiar funeral
resulted in an agitation which finally
liberated at least a thousand boys from
tyranny and slavery.
•—• — ♦ — •
Vesuvius, the famous Italian volcano, is
3932 feet.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,, SUNDAY, MAY 3, 1896.
A MONSTER OF THE DEEP
Capture of a Huge Devil-Fish
in the Bay of San
Francisco.
CAUGHT AMONG THE ROCKS.
The Great Fish Was Hooked by a
Fisherman and Landed After a
Hard Struggle.
A monster of the deep was exhibited at
the Clay-street market yesterday. It was
caught in the bay of San Francisco by a
fisherman. The monster was a devil fish—
the octopus caugut in the waters of the
Pacific.
The fish weighed in the neighborhood of
100 pounds, and was of a brown-gray color.
It had long fangs and the venomous
teeth that characterize the monsters of
the sea. Passers-by tarried to inquire as
I to its history, how it was caught and the
I danger attending such a feat.
The devilfish is quite numerous in Mon
! tcrey Bay, but they are not often landed
i in the bay of San Francisco. They are
j usually found among the rocks on the
j coast and generally where the rock-fish are
: caught. A strong line, with nuip^rous
j hooks attached, is cast among the rocks
along the sea coast, and in this way the
I devilfish is bated and caught.
"It would be the end of a man once
; caught in the tentacles of the devii-fish,"
1 said an oldtime fisherman yesterday, "as
I he is a dangerous enemy to encounter
| among the rocks. This fellow having been
hooked was landed after a hard struggle.
The devilfish usually fights while there is
life in him.
"The:e is quite a demand for the devil
fish as an article of food," continued the
, fisherman, "but the meat is very tough
and n^juires to be boiled in water a long
time beiore serving."
SOME FAMOUS TUNNELS.
Triumph* of Modern Engineering in
Europe and America.
One of the most famous tunnels outside
of the United Kingdom is that of the
Mont de Cenis or Col de Frejus, which has
a length of seven and a half miles (actually
58,840 feet) through Mount Cenis, and
which connects the provinces of Savoy
and Piedmont. This wonderful under
taking was proposed by M. Mcdail, and
plans for its construction were drawn
in 1*48; but it was not until far into
the fifties that the plans were approved
and the undertaKing decided on. The late
King Victor Emmanuel of Italy initiated
the work of excavation by setting the bor
ine machinery in motion on August 31,
1857.
At first the ordinary method of piercing
by manual labor was adopted, steam be
ing adopted in 18HU, and compressed air
afterward to the finish, the borini? being
completed in December, 1870. The en
gineers engaged on this gigantic operation
were AIM. Grattoni, Grandis and Sonn
veillier, and the total cost of the work was
£2,600,000. The first experimental irial
trip was made on September 13 and occu
pied forty minutes, and the tunnel was
formally inaugurated by the passage
through of a train of twenty-two carriages
in twenty minutes on September 17, 1871,
the regular service commencing on Octo
ber 11, 1871. In the Arlberg tunnel the
work was commenced in 1830 and com
pleted in a little over three years, the dis
tance being 6 1-5 miles and the cost £108
per yard.
Another famous tunnel is that which
passes through the Mont St. Gothard,
which is the longest in the world, being
48,480 feet in length. It traverses the cen
ter of Switzerland at a height of from 8000
to 12,000 feet above the s»;a. It was com
menced in 1872, and was opened in 1882,
ten years having been occupied in its con
struction. It has had a very important
effect upon the commerce between Italy,
Switzerland and Germany. This tunnel
was bored out by means of mechanical
drills, the progress made being thirteen
feet per day.
One of the most famous instances of sub
aqueous tunneling in the United Kingdom
was that of the Severn tunnel, which runs
for a length of four and one-third miles,
was commenced in 1873 and completed in
188*5, Messrs. Hawkshaw, Son, Hayterand
Richardson being the engineer*. The bed
of the Severn is formed principally of
marls, sandstones and conglomerates, over
lying highly inclined coal measures, slates
and sandstones, which are also exposed to
the bed of the river. The tunnefis made
almost wholly in the lias and coal measure
formations, except at its eastern end, where
its passes through gravel. Much waterwas
met with throughout , andin 1879 the work
ings were flooded for some months through
a large land spring on the Welsh side, and
which water hau to be diverted. At an
other time the workings were flooded by
water which burst through a hole in the
river-bed, and this hole 16 feet by 10 feet,
had to be filled up with clay, and the
works completed Deneath it. The greatest
amount excavated in any one week was
6000 cubic yards. Another tunnel, though
it be only one mile in length, is that known
as the Mersey, the whole of-the excavation
in which, amounting to 320,000 cubic yards,
was got out by band laDor, as to have used
heavy blasting would have shaken the
rock. The work took six years to carry
out, beiug opened in 1886, and Messrs.
Brunlees and Fox were the engineers, and
the total cost, including approaches, was
£1,250,000.
A word may be here given to the now
neglected and abandoned projected chan
nel tunnel to connect England and France
— a proposal which had its rise at the be
ginning of this century, but in which
nothing was done until 1881, though bor
ings have since been carried on for a dis
tance of 2000 yards beneath the sea from
the Folkestone side, the usual rate of
progress being fifteen lineal yards a day.
Beneath the Hudson River at New York
a partially constructed subaqueous tunnel
now lies drowned, an attempt having been
made to drive a double tunnel through tie
mud and silt forming the river bed, but in
1880, when about 100 yards had been com
pleted, the water burst in, and twenty men
were drowned, and though the works
were afterward resumed, considerations
of a financial character compelled their
abandonment. Had it been finished
the tunnel would have been a mile
in length. Another abandoned tun
nel is that commenced in 1872 by Chese
borough, when hebeean tunneling"b«neath
the Detroit River, between Canada and
Michigan, but which had to be abandoned
owing to continued eruptions of water
after some 600 yards of headings had been
driven. Other famous tunnels are the new
Croton aqueduct tunnel, which is 13 feet
7 inches in width and height, from the Cro
ton dam to the reservoir in New York,
which is 33 X 4 miles in length, and was
carried out at the rate of one and a quarter
miles per month, all through rock; the
Hoosac, 25,080 feet in length: the Nochis
tongo. 21,659 feet in length; the Sutro,
21, 120 feet long; the Riquivel, 18,623 feet in
length; the Nerthe, 15.153 feet in extent;
the Blaizy, 13,455 feet long, and the
Thames and Medway, which runs for a
length of 1I,»8O feet. The carrying out of
the above tunnels has been among the
grandest engineering triumphs of the
world, of which those of the nineteenth
century have more than passing reason to
be proud. — London Standard.
STORIES ABOUT SNAKES.
How a Naturalist Captured a Giant
Python.
"Sit down and sharpen your pencil while
I overhaul my mental shelves," remarked
Mr. Thompson, curator of tbe zoological
collection in the park, in answer to a re
quest for some snake stories.
"Many years aao I visited the Capon
Springs, Hampshire County, W. Va.
While there I often amused myself squir
rel-hunting. The landlord owned a small
terrier, which had been taught to hunt
and tree them, and an old-fashioned Ken
tucky rifle. I frequently borrowed both
dog and gun, and with their assistance
managed to Dave fair sport. One after
noon 1 was making my way through the
undergrowth, attracted by the barking of
the dog, when just in front of me 1 saw a
blacksnake, with his head well aloft, in
tently looking over an old rotten log. 1
reniuined still and awaited developments,
and in a few seconds he darted over the
log, and there was a fearful rustling
among the dry leaves, On advancing so
there was a clear view beyond the log, I
saw that he had seized a rattlesnake just
back of the head and was killing it by con
striction. Just then the dog began to bark
with increased vehemence, anl fear
ing that the squirrel would be
come so frightened as to commence
jumping from tree to free, I has
tend away to secure my game. On my
return I found the rattler dead and the
blacksnake gone. The conclusion I drew
from this incident was that Constrictor
barcanion and Crotalus durissus were not
loving neighbors.
"Now 1 bhall have to take you out to
South Africa. I lived in Durban, Natal,
which is about 1000 miles around the Cape
of Good Hope, up toward Madagascar.
One morning 1 received a note from the
port captain, asking roe to come down to
the harbor with all possible dispatch, as a
python had taken possession ol a German
brig, and I was wanted to capture it. Tak
ing one of my keepers with me, I hurried
down, and found quite a crowd on the
jetty, among whom were the crew of the
brig. On inquiry I learned that there had
been a shower during the night, and in
the morning the mate had ordered one of
the men to go aloft and shake out the sails,
in order to dry them. He started up, and
on reaching the maintop turned, and came
down on the clean run. The mate wanted
to know what he meant by such actions.
Whereupon he was informed that if he
wished the sails loosened he waa at per
fect liberty to Uo the job himself; and,
moreover, if such a trick was ever at
tempted on him again he would take his
discharge. The mutinous tar was in
stantly ordered to hades, and numerous
other places, while the valiant mate
started aloft to attend to matters on his
own hook. No sooner did his head get on
a level with the top than he came down
with a gait which far excelled that of the
disobedient sailor. He instantly raised
the alarm, and the entire crew lost no
time in getting on shore and spreading
the report that the rigging was full of the
biggest kind of snakes.
"With the assistance of the port cap
tain's binoculars I had no difficulty in
making a critical examination of the' en
tire upper works of the vessel, which was
anchored about 100 yards from the shore.
The result was one large python, coiled
around the Japs of the main and top mast.
Boirowinga sack, I managed, after much
{icrsuasioii. to get two of the crew to pull
myself and keeper off to the brig, where
they left us and turned back to the jetty.
1 uurove the llag halyard*, made a noose
in one end of them, and hunted around
until I found a stout piece of reed some
bix or eight feet in length. Climbing uo
the shrouds, I made my attack through
the lubbershoie by punching his snakeship
with the reed, to the end of which 1 had
tied the noose. He put his head down
through the hole for the purpose of fight
ing me, when he was instantly noosed
around the neck and the halyards made
fast to the ratlines. In nis violent
efforts to effect a release he drew back
with such force as rapidly to choke him
self into insensibility. Calling to the
keeper to hold the mouth of the sack
open. I watched until I thought he was
nearly at his last gasp, when 1 squirmed
up on the top, loosened his coils around
the masts, lowered him into the sack,
when the keeper immediately cut the
noose. By the time that 1 reached the
deck he had nearly recovered from his
severe wind stoppage. 1 gently opened
the mouth of the sack to have a good
look at him, and discovered from his
bloated appearance that he had recently
partaken oi a hearty meal. On the arri
val of the crew on board it was discov
ered that the captain's fox-terrier was
missing. I therefore concluded that the
python, in swimming across the harbor,
had struck the vessel's hawser, up which
he had crawled to the deck, swallowed
the dog and gone aloft to digest the
meal." — Buffalo Commercial.
Meaning of State Names.
Alabama is believed to mean "the land
of rest," though one authority claims the
name means a glade or thicket of trees.
Illinois took its name from the Illinois
tribe of Indians, wno in turn were really
the Illini or Uliniwok, "the men."
Kentucky is a native name and means
bloody ground. Many conflicts took place
there in early days.
Oklahoma means "the beautiful land,"
strange to say. It consists of prairie.
The name Oregon is derived from the
Spanish oregano, "wild marjoram" or
"wood sage," which grows abundantly in
that State.
Rhode Island may have taken its name
from the ancient island of Rhodes, or
from the name of an early settler, but it is
probable the name came about because of
the fine anchoraee or roadstead between
the island and the mainland.
Wisconsin takes its name from the Wis
consin River, which was derived from
Wiskonsing, "wild running channel," be
stowed on it by Johet.
Montana means land of mountains.
Maryland was named in honor of Queen
Henrietta Maria, being called Terra Marise
in the charter first given.
Italy exports 480,000,000 dozens of eggs
each year.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS
Jules Verne— Certes, Halfmoon Bay, San
Mateo County, Cal. Jules Verne is still living.
The JBibliophile— J. W., City. The Baron A.
de Rothschild, the noted bibliophile, resides
in the city of London, England.
John Brown Jr.— D. R., City. John Brown
Jr., son of John Brown of Harper's Ferry fame,
died In Sandusky May 2, 1995.
Four- Dollar Pieces— G. A., City. The mints
of the United States never Issued for circula
tion any coin of the denomination of $4.
The Cuban War— Reader of The Call, San
Jose, Cal. There is no place in San Francisco
where a person may enlist as a volunteer to
tight for Cuba.
The Grand army— W. a. S., Fresno, Cal. The
annual session of the Grand Army of the Re
public that was held in San Francisco was held
in August, 1886.
A Tex Dollar Gold Piece— E. A., City. There
is no otter of a premium for a $10 gold piece
of 1843. Dealers in old coins offer them for
from #13 50 to $15.
Ashurst Colony— J. G., City. You can ob
tain all the information you desire about the
Ashurst Colony by writing to the secretary at
Kirkwood, Tehama County.
Greenbacks — J. M., Dlmond, Alameda
County, Cal. At no time during the war and
up to the time that specie payment was re
sumed did greenbacks keep up their face value.
Pensions— E. W., City. An old soldier of the
army of the United States, who is a resident of
a foreign country, can draw his pension the
same as if he was a resident of the United
States.
Protestants— W. C. A., City. The term Prot
estant at this time is generally applied to those
Christian bodies which ure descended from
the .Reformation of the sixteenth century and
opposed to tbe Roman Catholic and Greek
churches.
Srß-TREAsrRY Checks —J. A. H., Vallejo,
Cal. Checks drawn on the United States Sub
treasury at San Francisco must be cashed there,
as they will not be honored at any of the other
sub-treasuries.
A French Coin— J. P. J. A dix centimes
piece coined in 1853, during the reign ot
Napoleon 111, has no special value except such
as a person would be willing to pay for it as a
curiosity. The coin is not quoted by dealers.
Mrsr Have a License— A. C. A., Kelseyville,
Lake County, Cal. In San Francisco, and. in
fact, in all parts of the State of California, a
person must have a license to peddle anything
that he manufactures. This department can
not advertise places in this City that sell tin
foil.
Numeration— A. M., Agnews.Cal. According
to the custom prevailing in tne United States
and in France 1,500,000,000 reads one billion
five hundred millions; according to English
numeration it reads one thousand live hun
dreds of millions.
Serpent's Teeth— J. W., City. Serpents have
sharp-pointed teeth, smooth and arched
toward the throat. Most of the venomous
ones have, however, in place of teeth in the
upper jaw, two fangs, through which the
poison is injected in a wound after a bite.
Not Exempt— U. S. D., Selby, Cal. Personß
in the employ of the United States Government
are not by reason of such employment ex
empted from the payment of poll tux in this
State. The only ones exempted are paupers,
insane people, idiots aud California Indians
not taxed.
Is a Lottery— Subscriber, City. Any club
thac la organized for the purpose of paying so
much a week or month and tjen draws num
bers for the purpose of determining who shall
have certain merchandise, comes within the
law that declares it is unlawful to dispose of
property by chance.
Premium on a Dime— Subscriber, City. There
is no premium on dimes coined in the United
States during the year 1894. except those
coined in the mint of San Francisco, and none
of those are in circulation, so <lo not waste
your time looking lor a dime of 1894 that was
minted in Sau Francisco, you will not find one.
Palisades— G. H. T., City. The Palisades is
the name given to a long blufl or precipice
which extends along the west shore of the
Hudson River in Hockland County, New York,
and Bergen and Hudson counties, New Jersey.
It is formed of basalt or trap rock, is nearly
straight, eighteen miles long and in some
places 4SO feet high.
Foreign Parentage— Mrs. T., City. If a child
is born of foreign parents in the United States
that child is an American by birth. If within
a year that child should be taken to a foreign
country and be brought up there it would, on
arriving at majority, have to decide which
citizenship it would adopt, that of the father
or that of the land of birth.
BFlags— J. X., City. The law of this State in
regard to flags applies only to military com
panies, which are not permitted to parade
with any flag except that of the United States
or that of the State of California. Tnere is no
law that requires a society having a flag of its
own to designate it to fly over that flag either
an American flag or an American streamer.
Population— A Subscriber, City. According
to the State enumeration in 1892 the popula
tion of the City of New YorK was 1,801,730;
that of Chicago, according to the school census
of 1894, taken in April, was 1,567,727; that of
London on the 25th of September, 1895, wns
4.392,346, and that of Paris in 1891 wa52.447,
-957. These are the latest figures obtainable.
Di'rrant's Trials— Correspondent, Sulphur
Bank, Lake County, Cal. Durrant having been
convicted of the murder of Blanche Lamont
and having taken an appeal, no further steps
will be taken in his case until the Supreme
Court decides thatappeal. He is charged with
the murder of Minnie Williams, but whether
he is to be tried for that crime will depend on
the result of the appeal.
The Czar of Russia— F. A., City. The Czar
of Russia is Nicholas 11, born May 18, 1868.
He is the eldest son of the late Alexander 111.
He ascended the throne on the death of his
father, November 1, 1894. He married Prin
cess Alexander Alix, daughter of Ludwig IV,
Grand Duke of Hesse. The offspring of this
union is a daughter, Olga, born November 15,
1895. The dates given are according to the
new style. The Russian dates are according to
the old style, twelve days earlier than those
given.
Escape From Prison— A. O. S., City. If a
prisoner escapes from a county jail while
awaiting trial for an offense less than a felony
or while serving out a term for a crime under
the grade of felony he commits a misdemeanor
for which he can be punished. If he is not ar
rested within a year after the escape the stat
ute of limitation runs against a prosecution,
unless in the meantime a warrant was issued
against the escape. In that case he may be ar
rested at any time, tried and punished "for the
escape.
The Macauster Tartan— J.A., Concord, B.
Cal. The answer given a few days since about
tbe colors of the tartan of the Macalisters of
Scotland was based on information obtained
from "Mclan's Costumes of Scotland," con
sidered the very best authority on the subject.
P. S. R. of Milton, Calaveras County, a friend
of this department, takes exception to this au
thority and sends a letter in which he writes,
"The Macalister tartan contains fire colors —
red, navy blue, green, eky blue and white" —
but P. S.R. does not state upon what he bases
the assertion that the colors he gives are those
of the Macalisterg.
A Creole— J. A. F., City. Creole is from the
Spanish, criollo, & Creole, properly, nursed,
grown up— from criar, I breed. In Louisiana,
Spanish Amejica, the West Indies and Mauri
tius, Creole denotes in its widest sense any one
born in the country, but of a race not native
to it. It is usually applied, however, to per
sons born in the colony or country,
of pure European blood,' a* distin
guished both from immigrant Europeans
and from the offspring of mixed blood. In
Brazil it is applied to a native, but of African
parents. It is also applied to persons born in
Mexico, and as the people are of a very mixed
race the word there signifies one between a
white and a negro, ifi the Gulf States the
term Creole is applied to descendants of French
and Spanish settlers in distinction from
French and Spanish immigrants and mulattoes
or half-breeds.
The Maxim Gun— F. A., City. Tbe Maxim
self-acting gun was invented by Henry 8.
Maxim of England. Every round after the
first is fired by the recoil of the previous ex
plosion; the cartridges are picked out of the
cartridge belt, one end of which is placed in
the gun's mechanism at one side by tne auto
matic action of the gun, and the belt ard car
tridge shells are ejected after firing. Every re
coil of the gun brings the next cartridge into
position, forces it into the barrel, cocks the
hammer, pulls the trigger, extracts the empty
shell and ejects it from the gun, all the pro
cesses going on with such marvelous rapidity
_. : : _ NEW TO-DAY— DRY GOODS. .
SPECIAL PURCHASE
2000 PAIRS WHITE AND ECRU -. ■!•'.
NOTTINGHAM =:= CURTAINS!
BEST VALUES AND LATEST STYLES.
!___! — ' v ;v;\" '■ ' 1
NOTTINGHAM CURTAINS, 3 yards long, 36 inches wide 65c a pair
NOTTINGHAM CURTAINS, 3 yards long, 40 inches wide ....;... „. 85c a pair *
NOTTINGHAM CURTAINS, AX ; yards long, 40 inches wide SI.OO a palp
NOTTINGHAM CURTAINS, 3% yards long, 46 inches wide $1.25 a pair
NOTTINGHAM CURTAINS, 3.. yards 10ne,54 inches wide :.si.sO a pair
NOTTINGHAM CURTAINS, 3% yards long, 60 inches wide : $1.65 a pair
NOTTINGHAM CURTAINS, 4 yards long, 60 inches wide..:. .' $2.00 a pair
NOTTINGHAM CURTAINS, Guipure effects $2.00 a pair
NOTTINGHAM CURTAINS, Fine Fish-Net effects $3.75 a pair
NOTTINGHAM CURTAINS, Brussels effects $2.25 a pair
NOTTINGHAM CURTAINS ...$2.50, $3.00, $3.50 to $7.50 a pair
IRISH POINT CURTAINS in all grades and styles.
OTHER SPECIALS
GOOD, STYLISH PORTIERES, in chenille, with double fringe) *<) A A _ _ •♦ '
and dadoes .f $4.VU II Dull
HEAVY BLEACHED IRISH LINEN TABLE DAMASK, 62) ICT. „ _ „_
inches wide ; ; :...£ 4:dC o jalll -
5-4 BLEACHED PILLOW MUSLIN, fair quality, fully 45 inches) '' '' Oil' „ ..J
wide ........;,..{■ ;:,.03C.fl jaill
36-INCH WIDE "WHITE ROCK" BLEACHED MUSLIN, soft) • fj a „ _ rtM J •,
finish, best standard ; ....■...:. ......):■ ' «C E yBfu • •
4 cases FINE WHITE BLANKETS, best Australian wool, slightly) '* I A A i 1 --«i:° 1 . •
imperfect, worth sBso, on sate at ° ...:j "**»"v'tt-.pair '
100 dozen BLEACHED HUCK TOWELS, neat border, Irish man-) AA 4 „ J-, Am "-
ufacture .:...^.......f: yvCcl (10ZCI1
"WASH GKDOJDS^-
NEW AND STYLISH. ■ j' (:.
FANCY LINEN EFFECT STRIPED GRASS CLOTH, worth 15c, ) 1A A .;' 'i'
onsaleat .:........ .............If IUC ft yRFd
300 pieces HIGH-GRADE DRESS STYLE GINGHAMS and SEER-> 01- „ „„„! :
SUCKERS, that were 12^c, on sale at.... ..,....,...'.j O3C ft JftFU
300 pieces FINE DIMITIES, ORGANDIES, etc., etc., on sale at) 1 {)1- „ ..„ r A
150 pieces DOUBLE-FOLD SCOTCH PLAID SUITINGS, value 15c,) 01 A a , TrtM
onsaieat '} O3C ft WO
NOTE. — Samples of above not given, as their sale will be rapid.
XT OUR NEW SPRING CATALOGUE is now ready for distribution to our
COUNTRY PATRON'S ONLY, to whom it will be mailed free on receipt of address.
/gDjE^^ MURPHY BUILDING-, > / - :
(/(/ Hutu Street, corner ol Jones, / ]:M.
that (>OO rounds are fired per minute. The gun
can be turned in any direction by means of a
crank and the rate of discbarge is controlled
by a chamber, ingeniously contrived so that
the gun may be fired rapidly or slowly as de
sired. The recoil drives the barrel bacic three
quarters of an inch, and it Is this reooil that
controls the mechanism of the gun and makes
the discharge continuous.
To Preserve Colors— Mrs. A. R., City. It is
said that the following method will preserve
the colors of merinos, mousselines de lame,
gingham, chintz and printed lawns: Before
washing any colored fabrics it is recommended
to soak them for some time in water, to every
gallon of which there has been added a tea
spoonful of ox-gall. A teacupful of lye in a
Eailful of water is said to improve the color of
lack goods when it is necessary to wash them.
A strong clet»n tea of common hay will pre
serve the color of French linens. Vinegar in
the rinsing water will preserve the color of
pink and green goods and heighten these
colors, and soda answers the same purpose for
both purple and blue, The colors of these
fabrics may be preserved by using a strorjg
milk warm lather of white soap and putting
the dress into it instead of rubbing it on the
material and stirring into the first and second
tubof water a large tablespoonful of ox-gall.
It is said ttiat the color of calico can be pre
served as follows: Dissolve threo gills of salt
in four quarts of water; put the calico in while
hot and leave it till cold, and in this way the
colors are rendered permanent and will not
fade by subsequent washing.
POPULAR NEGRO MELODIES.
V Sudden Partiality for Ethiopian
Themes With "Honey" in Them.
Th 9 vagaries of public taste are almost
inexplicable and theatrical managers of
judgment long ago abandoned the effort to
keep track with the popular fancy where
songs or stage characterizations are con
cerned, says the New York Sun. For
many years May Irwin, when on the spe
cialty stage, the late Annie Pixley and
Maud Huth, a Georgia girl now well
known in the continuous performances in
an act with her husband, Billy Clifford,
called "The Chappie's Visit," sang planta
tion songs with considerable success, diver
sifying the musical features with the pecu
liar stride which colored women regard a3
one of the distinguished beauties of a cake
walk. Theater-eoers accepted such spe
cialties asan unimportant feature of lively
performances, but recently there has been
a decided craze for them and no farce
comedy or '"comic opera" is now thought
to be complete without them.
May Irwin, now appearing in "The
Widow Jones" and the pioneer in many
similar stage crazes (she was the first
singer to make "After the Ball" popular
in I>lew York City), started the ball in
motion with "Mamie, Come Kiss Your
Honey Boy," sung in "The Country
Sport." Later Fay Templeton in "Excel
sior Jr." sang and made popular "I Want
Yer, Ma Hotiey." Then Flora Irwin,
May's sister, in "Gentleman Joe," sang
"Honey, Does Yer Love Your M an ?" One
of the features of "A Black Sheep" at
Hoyt's Theater is the singing of the plan
tation song by Jeannette St. Henry in the
third act, "Love Me, Honey, Do."
Though tbis requirement is not essential
plantation songs with a cake walk chorus
nowadays to be entirely successful should
include in some part of the title, and cer
tainly in the chorus, the word "honey,"
and to that word in part as well as to the
cnarm of the music i 3 due the popularity
of the song rendered by George Evans and
by Willis P. Sweatnam. "I'll Be True to
My Honey Boy." Some ingenious indi
viduals have claimed to trace the present
craze for popular songs of the plantation
variety to a precursor, "Honey O!" but
there is no sufficient corroboration of tbis
view to make it generally accept
ed. Others find the start" of the
craze in Percy Gaunt's song, "Push
Dem Clouds Away," which was sung with
considerable success in "A Trip to Ciiina
town" by Anna Boyd and her associates.
The chorus of this song was accompanied
with a cake-walK movement which helped
to make it very popular, and the music
was quite catchy. This season May Irwin
das been singing two negro plantation
songs without "honey" in either, "The New
Bully" and "The Hoodoo." Peter F.
Dailey and Jennie Yeamans introduced a
cake-walk song at the end of tbe first act
of "The Night Clerk" at the Bijou re
cently, and Maud Huth has been singing
at the continuou3-performanc>i houses the
song "I Cares for Nobody," the chorus of
which has helped to mike It very popular.
The old-fashioned negro melodies were
generally of a plaintive character, based
on such pathetic episodes in the home life
of the Sunny South as the "Slave's
Dream" or "Liza Harris' Escape." Col
ored men and colored women were repre
sented as sitting in or about the cabin or
the lowlands of the plantation, either be
moaning their fate or smothering their
regrets in music. Afterward, when the
song-and-d*nce men began, as an out
growth from the minstrels, to appear on
the variety stage with black faces, the ne
gro music with which the New York pub
lic became familiar was of the "Big Sun
flower" or "Shoo Fly" variety. But since
the close of the war and the permanent
establishment in Northern cities of
the colored population, not as fugitives
or transients, the intricacies and the at
tractions of the cake walk have come to
be understood by white patrons at
theatrical entertainments, and a cake walk,
nowadays, draws usually a big crowd.
From the cake walk, has come, logically,
the music of the cake walk, with a peculiar
type of song which has "honey" or some-
Lning similar as its melodic trademark.
At the present time the supply of such
songs by no means keeps pace* with the
demand.
While it has generally been thought
necessary on the stage for men to blacken
their countenances with burnt cork and
grease paint in order to maintain the illu
sion of negro character delineation, it has
never been thought necessary or even de
sirable for actresses playing similar char
acter parts to do likewise, except, of course,
in such plays as "Uncle Tom's Cabin,'*
wherein a negro character is presented in
its entirety and not in a fragmentary way.
THE ONE DESIRE
Of all the threads of rhyme which I have spun,
I shall be glad if Time save only one.
Aud I would have each word to joy belong —
A ljric like a bird whose soul is song.
There is enough of grief to mar the years;
Be mine a sunny leaf, untouched by tears.
To bring nnto the heart delight, and make
All sorrows to depart, and joy to wake.
No sermon mine to preach, save happiness;
No lesson mine to teach, save joy 10 bliss.
Joy— 'tis the one best thing below, above —
The lute's divinesi string, whose not« is love.
— Century.
GIBRALTAR A STRATEGIC POINT.
It la of the Utmost Importance to the
English.
Gibraltar (about 1000 miles from Eng
land) is of immense importance as being
the great watch , tower from which the
movements of warships can be observed
and telegraphed as they pass into and out
of the Mediterranean Sea. Moreover,
situated as it is near the flank of our
trade routes both ! to the Cape and to the
West Indies and South America, it is the
point at which vessels would naturally call
for news, orders, coal and protection during
the continuance of a war. When you con
sider that in every second of time twenty
tons of shipping go out or, come into our
home ports, and that, as a matter of fact,
the stream is continuous and never ceases,
and that the value of the sea-borne trade
of the British empire is calculated at
£930,000,000, of which about £250.000,000
neither comes to nor goes from the United
Kingdom, it seems -difficult to exaggerate
•the value of the fortress of Gibraltar or to
realize the congestion of ■ British shipping
which might seek its protection in war.
It has at present no dry dock. Its garrison
consists of seven companies of artillery,
four companies of engineers, and three
batteries of infantry. It is the meeting:
place of our Channel and Mediterranean
squadrons. The roads do not afford safe
anchorage in all winds, and an enemy
could conceivably -shell them if be
mounted heavy guns on Spanish soil.-*
National Review. -
♦ • •
In the ant hills of South Africa have
been found suspension bridges, passing:
from one gallery to another, and spaa.
ning a gulf more than six inches wide. *
2122
. . CHARLES M. StiOKTRIDOE,
Editor and Proprietor. \ ■
. ' SUBSCRIPTION RATES-Postage Free:
Dally and Sunday Cam., one week, by carrier.. fO. IB
Dally and Sunday Cam., one year, by ma 11 . . .. 6.00
. Daily and Sunday Call, m.x months, by mall.. 3.00
Dally and Sunday Cai,,.. three months by mntl 1.60
Dally, and Sunday Call, one -mouth, by mull.. .66
Buud»y Call, one year, by mall 1.50
.Wkkkisy Call, uue year, by.mail 1-50
THE SUMMER MONTHS.
Ar* you golug to the country on a vacation ? If
io. It In no trouble fur a* to forward Til X CALL to
pour addres*. Do not- let it miss you for you will
tolas it. Orders given to the carrier or left at
business Ofllco will receive prompt attention.
HO EXTRA CHAKOK.
• • BUSINESS OFFICE
7 IO Market Street,
/ '.Ban Francisco, California.
Telephone Main-1868
 • EDITORIAL ROOMS:
•=• .-•-■-• 617 Clay Street.
'. |>Itr>none Maln-1874
. • BRANCH OFFICES:
' - . ISO Montgomery street, corner Clay: open until
' 1:30 o'clock.
• SSB Haven street : open until 9:»0 o'clock.
' : 713 Larkia street : open until 9:30 o'clock.
* CW. corner Sixteenth and Mission streets; ope»
"• int.il 9 o'clock. l^?0B
' . 26-18 Mission street: open until 9 o'clock.
- -. 116 fwmb street; open until 9 o'clock.
..'•" ' OAKLAND OFFICE :
■: ' V- . 80S Broadway.
" ' ' . : EASTERN OFFICE:
- •coins 31 and 82, 34 Park Bow. New York City.
' •• . DAVID M. FOLTZ, Special AKfnu
SUNDAY...,.; ." MAY 3,1898
-'.;■ •' • THE CALL SPEAKS FOR ALL.
> :"■ Stand firm for free silver.
;- Woman's suffrage is the coming issue.
• Sacramento will soon.be the storm
center-.
-' The*. Sacramento platform should be a
: stem-winder.
" .' Now- is the time for Republicans to look
.. before they leap. ■
\' Free silver coinage rrieifns freedom from
; ' financial paralysis. \
•' This week the Republican State Conven
■ tion is the big thing.
. Hill, and Tillman would be as good a
, Democratic ticket as any.
• The liberal. man deviseth liberal things
' for women as wejl as for men.
. . • • . -v
•."• Woman's suffrage makes a good leap
year issue and deserves support.
• This, week San Jose leads the festal
." dance and" keeps up the merriment.
California's interests are the things to
' which Californians should be pledged. .
• •
Republican victory in California this
. year has a special promise for the ladies.
. Never think yon know all about a situa
tion until you have studied it on the spot.
•'• The proper place to do National Conven
tion ■ tion politics is in the National Convention.
..' « Hill 'sneered at the Tillman pitchfork,
but all the same the pitchfork reached
. \hi.m: ' ■'". • .^^
..*'."'; Read The Cam. and keep posted on the
■•; propfess of the woman's suffrage cam
.. paign-.. . •
. ■• The Garden City will spread itself this
•. . week ana. wear the title, "the Garden of,
1 V.Eden City." • : :- . ;
■ • '-".Among Democrats even a one-idea man
V. would be king if they : could' find him in
:•- their- ran «. " • -
"- it';. .is among extremists only that
. ; erithiisiasm is counted for more than
..".common-sense.. ;
'•:; • . The. more festivals we have the more we
" 'feel like frolicking and the more fun we
■•.. get out of them.
.-.' With an unpledged, delegation we may
; --.get in the Cabinet; with a pledged one we
:.'.. are liable to get in the tureen.
;.""■ - It is worth remembering at this time
: ." '.that 'no candidate was ever elected Presi
•■ dent. on a gold standard platform.
'• Once more Senator Hill has informed
• 'the country that he is no friend of Cleve
• land. The thing is getting monotonous.
".•■ Uijder the gold standard the bond
•. holders have al6to 1 advantage over the
'. .'.people, but with free silver coinage things
• .will; be equal. " V: "--I
• The Republican party should give a
: helping hand to the woman's suffrage
movement and turn the campaign into a
festival procession.
Unless they proceed to organize them
selves and get into better shape, the Dem
ocrats won't even be entitled to belligerent
rights in this campaign.
California Republicans must commit no
blunder at this juncture. The common
" sense of the situation calls for an un
pledged delegation at St. Louis.
\ Los Angeles may have another fiesta,
•"•but she will not wind up with a "Fool's
.• night," like the last one, unless she is a
bigger fool than she thinks herself.
" # The brightest, freest and fullest social
wave of the coming week will be that
"' which flows triumphantly along in the
San Jose swim as lovely as a notion of de
light. r ___/___ •' :
• Until it is known whether a. gold or a
1 silver candidate will be nominated at Chi
cago it cannot be safely asserted that the
Democrats will carry even so much as
„, Mississippi.
There has been no kick about the
weather at Redwood or Santa Rosa.
Their festivals seem to have been bright
enough to clear the clouds away and dec
orate the skies.
The Call is the only morning paper in
San Francisco that receives United Press
dispatches, and even if yon take another
paper you must take The Call also to get
• the correct news.
Under the double standard of gold and
silver one metal serves as a check upon
the other, preventing any violent fluctua
. tions in values and "maintaining the
equilibrium of prices. _^.-
The Sacramento Bee, with an unerring
instinct, got at the honey in the wilderness
of the situation when it urged that Cali
fornia should send to St. Louis a delega
tion pledged to free silver.
California should not pledge her delega
tion to any candidate at St. Louis until it
V\ts' certain that he will stand for free silver
coinage, shipping interests, irrigation and
other measures in which Pacific Coast in
terests aro concerned.
THE SITUATION.
There has never been a time when the
policy to be pursued at a National conven
tion required more earnest and thought
ful study on the part of California Kepuo
licansthan at present. There never has
been before a political situation at. all
similar to that which now prevails. It is
I situation offering unparalleled oppor
tunities to tbe State, but also one of great
complexities, and it is the relation of these
to one another that makes a careful study
necessary before a policy is decisively
adopted.
On the one hand we see already entered
for the high Presidential prise the greatest
galaxy of illustrious statesmen that ever
contended for tbe leadership of a single
party in the history of America. Taking
them in alphabetical order, for they are
too equal in merit to be ranged otherwise,
we have in the forefront of the contest
Allison, the stainless statesman, whose
high character and large accomplishments
make him the ideal American Senator;
McKinley, the knight-errant of protection,
whose devotion to American work and
wages has made his name a household
word in every home in the Union ; Morton,
the high-souled gentleman and noble Gov
ernor, whose honorable and tirm adminis
tration in New York has given him rank
among the great executives of the Nation ;
Wuay, the superb leader of men, the or
ganizer of victory, the soldier boy who rose
from the ranks to distinguished honor
among the defenders of the Union; and
last, but by no means least, stalwart Tom
Heed, whose masterful mind changed the
lower house of Congress from a wrangling
debating society into a well-ordered legis
lative body, and made the McKinley tariff
a possibility.
Not inferior to those either in service to
the country or in honor among the people
stand Alger, the heroic soldier and broad
minded supporter of the Nation on the
field of battle and in the council chamber;
Bradley, the dashing and brilliant cavalier
of politics, who redeemed Kentucky from
Bourbon rule; Cullom, the representative
of the plain people of Illinois, showing his
wisdom, fidelity and patriotism In a
thousand services to his countrymen; and
Harrison, the great, far-seeing soldier,
statesman and President, under whose
vigorous administration the Republic
reached the highest prosperity at home
and prestige abroad it has yet attained.
All of these men have been tried by long
service and in many emergencies and are
known to be loyal to every American
interest and earnest champions of all the
great principles of the Republican party.
Each of them, all of them, would
worthily fill the high office of President of
the United States. How to choose the
one among them who is best fitted to
meet the difficulties of to-day and ad
minister National affairs under conditions
that exist at present is the question that
confronts Republicans. It is a question in
which many issues are involved, and it
cannot be wisely answered unless studied
impartially and considered with a due re
gard to measures a.s well as to men.
Some of the great measures more or less
involved in the choice of the candidate for
President are of peculiar interest to Cali
fornia and the Greater West. Among
these are the restoration of silver to its
rightful place as a money metal, the irri
gation of arid lands and the construction
of the Nicaragua canal. The vote of
California at St. Louis should be given to
the candidate who is known to oe most
favorable to these great interests. It
should not be pledged blindly, given in
the dark, thrown away. Out of the com
plexities of the situation come great oppor
tunities for California aud the West.
Let us send to St. Louis a delegation
capable of making the most of them.
AN INTELLIGENT REPORT
It is pleasant to compare Chauncey M.
Depewu estimate of California with the
supercilious and querulous attitude of nu
merous transient visitors to the State.
Although Mr. Depew's inspection was nec
essarily unsystematic, hasty and superfi
cial, Le saw some things which to his alert
appreciation of what are the most valu
able contributors to happiness pre
sented an exceedingly alluring picture.
At l2m recent banquet given at Brooklyn,
N. V., in honor of his birthday, he indi
cated one of the most important and as
yet unconsidered functions of the Govern
ment, namely, a wise adjustment of the
incomparable resources of the country to
the needs of the people. He showed how
millions of inhabitants are suffering hard
ships and poverty through lack of intelli
gence in their distribution and in the em
ployment of their energies. Then he
turned to a contemplation of the oppor
tunities offered by California for assuring
the prosperity, comfort and content of a
population whose extent he would not
dare to estimate. He said :
"We know so little of the magDificent
scenery, the unique succession of fertile
valleys and the climatic and product
ive possibilities of California because na
ture, always jealous of her treasures, has
placed the Pacific Ocean on one side of tbe
goldeu coast and a thousand miles of
desert on the other. The heat in that des
est was 107 in the car in March and Yuma
is saia to be the hottest place in the
world. • * * After twelve hours of in
tolerable heat and suffocating dust the
traveler comes almost instantaneously
into a garden of roses, fields of evergreen,
alfalfa grass and groves of orange,
lemon, peach and other trees filling the
air with the perfume of their blossoms or
laden with golden fruit. The desert ends
and paradise begins where irrigation has
redeemed the sand and made it a fruitful
land of annual wealth. ♦ ♦ •
''The lesson of California is the marvelous
difference between the profit pro rata of
large and small farms. We rode for
thirty-live miles through one farm of 100,
-000 acies and through others of 40,000 and
50,000 acres. The large farmers as a rule
were complaining of the low price of wheat,
tbe comparative worthlessness of stock
and the diseases in the vines of their
vineyards. But every roan we met who
was growing oranges, lemons, apricots,
prunes or olives upon ten or twenty acres
and giving to the culture a personal,
trained, educated and scientific attention
was averaging $300 an acre from orchards
which were five years old. Upon these
figures the mind is taxed to determine the
number of families which could live in
unaccustomed comfort and in unequaled
climatic conditions in California. I could
not help contrasting my father's old farm
up in Peekskill in the early days, with its
annual crop of stones and taxes, with that
of the gentleman whom I visited, whose
cor.y cottage was a home of comfort and
culture, and who»e ten acres, with enough
labor only to keep him healthy, yielded
him $3«X»0 a year. He pressed the button,
and then irrigation, eood soil and the
most heavenly of climates did the rest. We
are naturally a boastful people, and yet
the better I know our country the more I
am convinced of our boundless basis for
bragging."
This refers only to the material aspect
of the case, and that alone is of great im
portance. But the distinguished speaker
further declared that the largest and
finest Duilding in every town in California
was the public schoolhouse. Thus be set
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY 3, 1896.
forth the two essentials entering into the
life peculiar to California. It is not diffi
cult to imagine that small farms, scientific
cultivation, tbe compactness of the rural
population, generous profits and a pleas
ant climate which makes no drain upon
vital forces must produce distinctive quali
ties in tha population. There must be
great sociability, mental attraction, sound
health and incitement to improvement in
all ways. There must be public halls for
social gatherings, and public libraries and
schools of the highest order must follow.
With theso must come churches, clubs,
benevolent societies and other elevating
and refining co-operative agencies. Out
of all these influences mnst issue a popu
lation of superior intelligence, morality
and patriotism.
CALIFORNIA'S OPPORTUNITY.
It is Dot pleasant to think about, but it
is nevertheless true that Liverpool is the
distributing point for California canned
floods that are destined for consumption
in China, Japan, India, Egypt, and, in
fact, throughout the entire Orient. The
absurdity of such an intercountry trade
route is apparent, if for no reason other
than the additional cost that the increase
in distance over what a direct route places
npon shipments. And it must be remem
bered that the difference between the cost
of transportation by the present round
about way and wtiat the cost by a com
mon-sense across-lots route, so to speak,
would be is borne by the fruit and vegeta
ble growers of California.
California should point her finger west
ward, and say with Thomas U. Benton,
"There is the East; there is India." To
reach the markets of the far East Califor
nia's products should travel westward and
not eastward; Bnd, moreover.it is an ex
hibition of commercial weakness to till
ordt-rs from Asia and Africa for our pro
duce by goin>: directly eastward 6000 miles
to find men and ships to take our goods to
the points of destination; nevertheless,
that is exactly the way California's canned
goods are Deing handled, and by adhering
to this trade contradiction we not only act
very unwisely, but we pay dearly for the
privilege of acting stupidly.
Now what is wanted is incessant agita
tion of the question of a subsidized mer
chant marine until a line of ships is per
manently established between San Fran
cisco and the far East, via the west.
There is no sense at all in California look
ing to Liverpool or to any other com
mercial center for facilities to reach her
customers in tbe Orient. As a business
proposition the far East should be reached
from Caliiornia by ships sailing to tbe
west. But it is not reasonable to suppose
that a direct line of ships conld, without
substantial encouragement from the Gov
ernment, successfully compete with Liver
pool subsidized ocean craft, and hence it is
that every Califoruian should make it bis
business to keep the question of a subsi
dized merchant marine prominently to
the front.
There is abundance of capital standing
ready to employ itself in shipbuilding the
moment the General Government agrees
to do its part. With a strong merchant
marine San Francisco would soon become
to the Orient what Liverpool now is. This
is California's opportunity.
THE PEOPLE VS. WALL STREET.
Advocates of gold monometallism assert
that tbe remonetization of silver would
establish a double standard of redemption
money, but their logic is as weak and
faulty as are their premises. There could
no more be a double standard of money
by which to measure values than, there
could be a double standard yardstick or
bushel basket to measure quantities. Like
the yardstick and tbe bushel basket, re
demption money has clearly defined and
amply authorized functions, which stand
immovable until changed by the authority
that created them.
To say that pold is the only metal that
can be used for redemption money is to
say that an inanimate lump of yellow
metal possesses inherent qualities that
enable it to override the wisdom of man
and the demands of commerce. Gold
standard advocates forget that the reason
why '2os grains of gold of a certain fineness
are a legal tender when converted into a
round and milled coin and stamped "ten
dollars" by the machinery of the Mint is
because the fiat of the Government makes
them so. and not at all so because they pos
sess an authority by and of themselves
that is superior to the Government.
Money is not a thing, but a function
that is conferred upon something by gov
ernmental authority. This goldites ad
mitted when they demonetized silver.
The mere act of demonetizing it was an
admission that its function as money had
been conferred upon it. Had silver an in
herent and personal value superior to the
conspirators, they could not have demon
etized it; but it has not— neither has gold
—hence it was deprived of the function of
redemption money by precisely the same
governmenal authority that previously
monetized it, and the same economic and
monetary principle applies to gold money.
The whole question at issue i?, there
fore, shall the function or redemption
money be again conferred upon silver and
the condition of the great body of the citi
zens of the United States be improved and
strengthened, and the avenues of advance
ment be made wider and deeper, or shall
the influence of the money syndicates of
America and Europe prevail, and the
noses of 93 per cent of the people be kept
on the grindstone-of much labor and small
compensation? With silver remonetized
at the old true, tried and altogether satis
fying ratio of 10 to 1, the overwhelming
advantage which Wall street and its
greedy and selfish allies are now using to
pile up riches at the expense of the masses
would be broken, and untrammeled oppor
tunity to freely Darticipate in the currents
of money-making would be open to all.
There is no middle ground in this matter.
It is the people's welfare and the remone
tization of silver, or goldbug plutocracy.
In short, it is the People vs. Wall street.
EIGHTS OF WOMEN.
It is particularly gratifying to observe
that local bodies of Republicans are rec
ognizing the right of women to share po
litical privileges and responsibilities with
men. It is eminently fitting that the
party which represents the spirit of prog
ress moving tne American people should
incline an attentive ear to this great
political problem, and show a readi
ness to break away from the practices
which perpetuate memories of a time
when women were the slaves or servants
of men.
It is eminently to the credit of the
Republican party ot" California that in
£tate Convention it adopted on June 20,
1594, a resolution in its platform declaring:
"Believinjj that taxation without repre
sentation is against the principles of the
Government, we favor tbe extension of the
right of suffrage to all citizens of tbe
United States, both men and women."
Back of that, and equally praiseworthy,
was this declaration by the California
Stati) Republican Convention of 1872:
"Among the many practical and sub
stantial triumphs of the principles
achieved by the Republican party during
the past twelve years, we may enumerate
with pridb and pleasure the prohibiting of
any State from abridging the privileges of
any citizen of the Republic, the declaring
of the civil and political equality of every
citizen, and the establishing of all these
principles in the Federal Constitution by
amendments thereto as the permanent
law."
Later than all this is the resolution
adopted by the San Diego County Republi
can Convention on April 13, 1896: "Re
solved, That this convention cordially
favors the proposed amendment to the
Constitution of California, whereby it is
sought to extend the elective franchise to
all citizens, otherwise qualified, with
out distinction of sex, and we
hereby pledge to it our support
at the polls in the November general
election." Several other Republican
County conventions have passed similar
resolutions.
In pursuance of this well-defined policy,
The Call earnestly recommends the fol
lowing for adoption at the coming Repub
lican State Convention at Sacramento:
"Resolved, That this convention heartily
indorses the proposed eleventh amend
ment to the State Constitution of Cali
fornia to extend the suffrage to women on
equal terms with men."
That is to say. The Call, desiring to
represent the progressive spirit of the age,
and believing it to be the duty and oppor
tunity of the Republican party to assume
this position of advanced enlightenment,
urges that the value of women in politics
be recognized as equal to that which they
exercise in all the other affairs of com
munity life, and, to this end, that they be
given a suffrage equal to that enjoyed by
men. In order that the readers of this
paper may have an opportunity to study
an intelligent exposition of the women's
cause — which is tbe cause of all — the ser
vices of Miss Ida Harper, whose able
communication appeared in last Sunday's
issue, have been enlisted, and communica
tions from her will appear from time to
time hereafter. The efforts of The Call
will not stop there. It will unreservedly
advocate the movement and promote by
every mesns in its power the early success
of this great reform, which has been
already too long delayed in so progressive
a State as California.
IN LESS SERIOUS MOOD.
BY CHABLSS D. SOCTH.
Hero is a story which will surprise some and
amuse others among the friends and the crit
ics of the pictorial press. During tne late war
between China and Japan, Frederick Vllliers,
representing the London Standard and Black
and White, was early at the seat of conflict.
The London Graphic, suddenly awakening to
the fact that enterprising contemporaries had
given it a back-view study in a matter of great
importance, immediately sought to discover
an artist already in the far East. At the Korean
capital was found a man widely known for the
cleverness of his sketches— his name, Bigot
The Graphic wired to learn Bigot's terms for a
three months' engagement in the field.
"Will go to front at two hundred and fifty
per month," was the answer.
Bigot's demand was deemed exorbitant by
the Graphic management, which vainly en
deavored to secure figures more favorable to
the journal, and wound up by making a con
tract on Bigot's own terms. Bigot was a suc
cess of the first water and the Graphic won enco
miums everywhere for the brilliancy of its war
sketches. But let us shift the scene.
'I followed the march of war," said Mr.
Villiers, in a conversation at Victoria,, upon
his return from Asia, "and prided myself on
the fact that my sketches were accurate. Im
agine my astonishment when I received from
Black and White a rather pointed communica
tion to the effect that the illustrations In the
Graphic were more spirited than mine and
weie attracting wide; attention for their
apparent fidelity to details. Why, there
was even a strong hint in the letters that
1 was not at the front at all; in fact, that I was
playing the part of a faker. 1 shall not attempt
to describe my feelings. Suffice it to say that,
when the war ceased and I reached Chemulpo
I received a most cheerful greeting at the
hands of Artist Bigot, who introduced himself
as the representative of the Graphic
"'Hat' I cried, 'and where have you kept
1 yourself that I have not run across you?' j
" 'Right here,' was his honest reply.
" 'But how on earth did you make such fine
sketches?'
" -Easily told,' he frankly replied. 'I ob
tained both Chinese and Japanese regulation
army uniforms, and employed at times a
dozen cool to put them on. By posing the*
coolie warriors in various striking positions I
obtained excellent effects. When cattle news
came in I hastened to obtain the names to tit
to my sketches for speedy transmission to Lou
don.'
" 'And so yon were the faker, and I the
artist of fact,' I mused. 'I wish you could ex
onerate me by open confession.'
" 'I'll do it,' said Bigot, without a second's
hesitation.
" 'Do you actually mean to say that you will
arm me with a letter to the Graphic, declaring,
over your own signature, that your work was
entirely Imaginative, while mine was genuine
and done on the field?'
" 'Certainly My contract's up! The wars
over, and I'm going to remain here. I'm
nappy to say that I satisfied the Graphic peo
ple, and I don't mind telling them how I did
it. They paid me enough for that considera
tion. My terms, you see, were 250 yen, and I
didn't know why the Graphic thought that
amount preposterous until I received my check
for £250 at the end of the first month. They
evidently thought I meant pounds instead of
yens. Well, I just let it go at that, and a check
of the same size has come three times—
then, my expenses have amounted to a snug
figure, for, mentally, I have done a whole lot of
traveling."'
Bigot wrote the desired letter and Villiers
had it in his pocket on his way back to Eng
land. And the man who received, by long
odds, the biggest salary among all the artists
who were employed to illustrate the China-
Japan war— the man, too, who made the most
brilliant and spirited sketches— was a man
who never saw so much as the distant smoke
of any one of the battles. •
As It was with Samson's muscle, can It be with
I tuber's mind
That the powers of the Cabbala are chiefly la his
tresses?
Could a little pair of scissors make the eye
prophetic blind
If they cat the Imber crop that courts the care
less wind's caresses?
Comes the valiant -'white Mabatma" from the
Himalayan steepa,
Wielding all the juggling science of the fakirs of
Rangoon,
With his knowledge of the Yogi, Gurus, Brahmin
treasure heaps—
Comes, and epithets at Imber hurls of "harmless
crank" and "loon."
Is there ting-blood in Imber "of the chosen
thirty-six?"
Will be paralyze the Hindoo by a slap with all he
; knows?
Or astound Professor Dantzic with his Cabbalas tic
tricks
Which the secrets of the present, past and future
may disclose?
Here's a pointer for the Juggler: Tackle Imber by
his hair.
Tbe loes of it will lose him his extraordinary
feature.
The powers of the Cabbala most be concentered
there.
Minus curls, farewell to Imber— poor, unenviable
creature.
Historical relics of priceless value and heir
looms that have been treasured for genera
tions are not Infrequently sacrificed on the
altar of necessity.
It was about the full of the March moon
when John Doe Smith realized that he had
reached his last quarter. Twenty-five cents
lower and he would be upon his uppers. He
gazed at the ancient bugle, suspended by
greasy ribbons from the walL
"I must part wiih you," he said. He revealed
his condition of misery to companions who
had previously determined to risk no sever
ance of the fond relations with Smith through
disregard ol the advice that "ioaa oft lose;h
both Itself and friend." He broughtecqualnt
ances to his lodgings and preached sermons to
them on the pranks of fortune and decrees of
fate. :
"That bugle on the wall," he would say.with
feeling in his voice, "has been prized in my
family for generations. An ancestor sounded
its piercing treble in the campaigns of Fred
erick the Great Often I have said that I
would lose my right hand rather than that
little old signal horn. And yet I have reasoned
thus: A poor wretch like me has no business
with costly relics when he lacks money where
with to purchase his daily food. I have hit
upon a plan. Yes— l will raffle it away ."
The story of the famous old bugle was not
long in spreading, and 100 raffle-tickets at a
dollar apiece were not long in being sold.
Strange to relate, the descendant of the bugler
to Frederick the Great seemed light-hearted
on the night of the raffle. The dice - box
whirled out the winning number to the name
of a newspaper man.
"Newspaper men," remarked one of the un
lucky ninety-and-nine, "always fall in for
snaps 1"
Days flew by. The winner of the prize, hav
ing played the races and dallied unluckily
at roulette, was reduced to grievous straits.
Already were his large Alaska diamonds stand
ing sponsor for a loan.
. "What shall I do?" he queried to himself.
And then his eye flashed on the ancient bugle.
■ "It is hard, old relic," he exclaimed, "but it
seems at last that yon are doomed to the pawn
shop." ■ And secreting the curio under his coat
he sped out toward the sign of the three-balls.
"It is a valuable historical relic," he ex
plained to his "uncle." "It was used in the
campaigns of Frederick the Great, and its esti
mated value is $200. It will be redeemed
without a shadow of doubt."
The pawnbroker hastily fingered the instru
ment; then hastily handed it back.
"Bake id avayl" laughed the monarch of
percentages. "Don'd vant id, mem vrendtl
Dot pugle vas in dot vindow dree mondsl
Schmidt, dot ravvle-sharper, . dook id— yon
toller 1 Dake id avay 1" . ■
"O, God, I would sacrifice ail of my lands,
And all of my gold," cried the millionaire,
"For the use or my palsied feet and hands.
To move and toil like the peasant there."
"I would give ten thousand ten times told,"
Cried a sightless rich man, "only to see
For the length of a minute, the child that I hold—
My prattling boy on his father's knee!"
A nd the toller strong, as he watches the play
Of his babe, while tne rood wife spreads his fare.
Is heard to murmur, "We'd all be gay, -
Could I only change lots with a millionaire."
A descendant of Napoleon's "bravest of the
brave" has just dragged an honored name into
opprobrium by necessitating its insertion in
the police record for inebriates. It was the
misfortune of the degenerate owner of the
name that he had never learned to say "Nay."
"Step up, gentlemen " cried the auctioneer
"what am I bid for first chance? What! No
body to start it? Was that your voice, David?"
"Not bidding, thank you. I took the chance
for Governor of New York. Now let Grover
take this!" "But Grover Isn't bidding 1"
"Neither was I! Fire it at him, and watch the
people do the rest."
Flowers, how sweet you are:
What rainbow colors I see
Here, there, everywhere,
Blended In harmony.
Land by a sea submerged— T "• d\
Sea in whose wave array
Are snowball, lily and pint and ros»
To be tossed by the prow of May.
But, flowers, bright as you are,
Though ever so sweet you be,
Your glories wane when comet li the queen
Who ruleth the floral sea.
When the Market-street Railway Company
awakens to the fact that, in spite of the delays
and annoyances caused to the general public
by the transfer-check nuisance, the newsboys
are still trafficking in occasional transfers and
transfer-checks, it will undoubtedly feel im
pelled to hire an army of Pinkertons whose
duty it shall be to shadow transferring passen
gers from car to car. The newsboys then will
have so much fun at the expense of the detec
tives that the company will be satisfied to drop
a remedy that is incomparably worse than the
disease. A stop can be put to the traffic in
transfers, however, by taking the newsboys
intu the corporation. In this latter event, the
newsboys could be counted on to introduce a
whole lot of genuine smartness, and, better
still, they would naturally exert a purifying
influence.
Magianis, the life of the alley is lie, !
The spryest of wits and the greatest:
The boys get together In all sorts of weather
Whenever he's telling "his latest.'
Maginnis' wit Isn't studied a whit—
It's a spring flowing freshly forever:
At a picnic or ball he's the kingpin of all
With "his latest" that's bound to be clever. :^ 1 -
Maginnis can't open his mouth lor a word
■ But the boys on his speech are welling; •
Wherever the place Is, there's smile-lighted faces,
Whatever Maginnis is telling.
For a fortnight the boys have been lost It'd seem
- No more as of old they be shouting;
The wit of the alley holds nevar a rally
As if the old custom he's flouting.
•'Do yon know but he's dead?" old O'Shannessey
said; i j ■
"Of the loss of us all 'twould be greatest."
So I rushed to find out. Said the nurse with a
shout:
"Bed hair has Maglnnis' latest."
Secretary Morton, in his Agricultural Year
Book, opines that because Americans do not
eat a sufficient amount of "greens" they are
becoming a bilious race. The Secretary would
be serving his country to equal advantage if,
instead of discussing the National tendency to
biliousness, he would write a few chapters on
the desirability of some kind of National
policy that will not be the means of depriving
a vast number of the American people of op
portunities to get the "wherewithal" to pro
cure the edibles that make those "greens"
necessary. But. of course, this would be run
ning the thing into politics. And, by the way,
there are fewer "greens" in politics than there
were four years ago.
Now comes the "ideal mistress." She is de
scribed as one who lets the housemaid run the
house. Here, at last, is the solution of a prob
lem that has long vexed society. When ideal
mistresses are common, the position of house
maid will be an enviable one. When the ser
vant-girl can entertain her beau in the parlor,
while the mistress is arbitrarily relegated to a
back room, there will be no trouble in secur
ing domestic help. The supply will far exceed
the demand.
PERSONAL.
Dr. A. T. Hudson of Stockton is here.
The Her. R. A. Canton of San Jose is in the
City.
Dr. W. J. Woodruff of New York is at the Oc
cidental.
L. R. Tatro, a Seattle hotel man, is at the
Cosmopolitan.
Dr. R. F. Davidson and wife are staying at
the Cosmopolitan.
C. L. Atwood of Starksboro, Vt., is registered
at the Cosmopolitan. |&s&|
Dr. William Ireland of the United States
army is at the Occidental.
J . S. Templin, the mining man of Nevada, is
among recent arrivals here.
George W. Bond and family of Warren, Ohio,
are staying at the Cosmopolitan.
F. H. Houlbert, a business man of Chicago,
is among the arrivals at the Palace.
W. 11. Clay," a merchant of Stockton, who is
interested in mining, is at the Grand.
R. V. Sargent, the pioneer and big landowner
of Salinas, is among the arrivals at the Lick.
L. C. Gilman, a leading attorney of Seattle,
arrived here yesterday. He is at the Palace.
Thomas Kirkpatrick of Moore, Hunt & Co.,
has gone to Louisville, Ky., for about two
weeks.
Sheriff S. D. Ballou of San Luis Obispo came
up from the south yesterday and is at the
Grand.
G. Pacheco, a general store proprietor of Ig
nacio, is at the Grand, accompanied by Mrs.
Facheco.
James F. Farraher, for some time District At
torney at Yretaand previous to his election for
several years a practicing attorney there, is In
town.
George S. Nixon of Nevada, cashier of the
Bank of Winnemucca and owner of the Winne
xaucca Silver State, arrived here yesterday and
is at the Palace.
AROUND THE CORRIDORS.
Joseph R. Walker of Walker Brothers, Salt
Lake, probably the best-known man between
San Francisco and the eastern base of the
Rocky Mountains, is at the Occidental.
He Is worth many millions and hns been
called the Jay Gould of Utah.
His life is a strange story. In 1851 his father
ana two Jsisters died at St. Louis, then the
home of the family. Four young boys and
their mother were left. The boys a year later,
in their exuberance of spirits and full of youth
ful enthusiasm, persuaded their mother to go
to the West, which then as now was full of at
tractions for those of adventurous disposi
tions.
They set out in a wagon drawn by two yoke
of cattle, and were six months in getting to
Salt Lake. Their oxen gave out ana they had
to rest them and get along as best they could.
They made the long trip from Green River to
Joseph R. Walker, the Jay Gonld of Utah, Whose Life Is a Strange Story.
[Sketched from life by a "Call" artist.]
Salt Lake through a savage Indian country
absolutely alone. There was not even another
wagon with them. They camped wherever
they could find a patch of green grass for the
oxen.
At old Jim Bridger's they were out of sugar,
coffee and some other supplies, though they
yet had flour. They laid in a little stock and
resumed their tireless journey. Reaching the
valley of Salt Lake at last, they located there.
Four years later, cr in 1856, Joseph It.
Walker went over into the Carson Valley and
started a small store in Gold Canyon. This
was before the discovery of the Comstock. He
flourished, and he established a packtrain
from Placerville, Cal., to Genoa, He also ren
the first wagon train from Murphys, in Cula
veras County, to Genoa.
He made such a stake therein two years that
he went back to Salt Lake. In 1559 he and his
brothers, under the firm name of Walker
Brothers, started on their business career to
gether by taking a stock of goods over to old
Camp Floyd, where Johnson's army had their
headquarters. This was seven miles from the
present big mining camp of Mercur.
By the early sixties the firm had made so
much money tnat they opened a bank at Salt
Lake, under the name of Walker Brothers, and
the bank, with its accumulated wealth, exists
now and is known, probably, "wherever the
English language is spoken," as the saying
has it.
The brothers began mining in IS7O. InIST'J
they built their first quartz mill in Utah. They
now own a vast number of mines and mills.
One of their biggest properties is the Alice, a
huge silver mine at Butte, Mont., on which an
80-stamp mill has long been running. They
also own five other mines at Butte or Walker
ville, near there, a town named for them.
They also own a number of mines in Utah,
large areas of land and extensive property of
varied kinds in Salt Lake, including the
Walker House.
"Salt Lake is quite prosperous now," said
Mr.Walker yesterday. 'We have about 65,000
people there. Business is good in the city and
the farmers about there are comfortable and
independent. They are well-to-do and happy.
Salt Lake is very beautiful now with its hand
some new blocks. It is really the gem of the
mountains.
"Utah is in better shape than it has been for
a long time. We are a State now and have ad
vantages we never had before. I think some
thing ought to be done by Congress for
silver, because we have as a nation never had
such prosperity as when there was plenty of
silver in circulation.
"The new gold camp of Mercur, fifty milc3
from Salt Lake, is attracting great interest.
There are about 2000 people in the district,
and a number of mines have been discovered'
two of them very big. We have two trains a
day there from Salt Lake, and hundreds of
our people go out there each morning and back
at night."
Mr. Walker is accompanied by his wife and
wn, and he wUI probably stay in California
several weeks.
HUMOR OF THE HOUR.
Jack-I asked the old man for a raise of my
salary yesterday, and referred to the fact that
my hair had turned gray while I have been
working for him. ■
Tom— And what did he say?
Jack— He gave me a bottle of his own hair
tonic.— Judge.
"Harold, dear, why were you so very noisy
this morning? You waked me with shoutinc
I don't like to be roused so. I wish to sleep
until I wake naturally." v
I "Yes, but, mamma, isn't it natural to wake
up when you hear a noise?"— Life.
Boswlck-I think m have to leave mv wife
Baxter-Dear me 1 Why so? y e>
Boswick-I went home to-day to find the
door locked in my face and all my clothes and
nn d BlnS " "* ° Ut ° a the Sidewalk - -XctTyok
by«ander OUfaU *"? "*"* toe Waning
The man in the dress suit, who had tnat >.«„
hauled, dripping with slime, on o i the iC y
■lnsn of the Chicago River, looked at h !f Lf *
U ?£ e h r wlt S * »«lonic gleam?n his eve qUes "
■Oh, no," he said, his teeth chattering. . »l
limb!! Sf ™ . * SUre "** fOr " aiaS '" the back ' side, chest, or
Allcock's SSS
ta^asKa; tii "" >st of countofcits •** tniu -
b-b-b-b- went in ch-ch-ch-ch-ch-ch-ch on .pnr
pose! I wanted j-j-j-j-j a bath, you f-f-f-i
-durned fool.." — Chicago Tribune. • ;.
PARAGRAPHS ABOUT PEOPLE.
Mr. Kurim, the Japanese Minister in Wash
ington, expects to spend the surnnrec at one of
the resorts on the Eastern, coast,, .. -
Nansen is described as a type of ;the ideal
Norseman— a fine, stalwart fellow, with rudely
face, fair hair and the limbs of a giant..
Gray of Delaware" and Wolcott of Colorado
are said to bo the finest whist players in the
Senate. They are frequently on opposing sides
in the same game. • ,
Salviui, who has been in retirement for sev
eral years, recently made a reappearance on
theetageof the Teatro Vallo, at Rome, at a
benefit for dramatic artists. The play was
"Othello," the great tragedian, who seemed to
hp.ve lost none of his power, acting the part of
the Moor to the lago of Ermete Novell i.;
.The death of George Davis, who was Attor
ney-General of the Confederate States.leaves
only on? memlKr of President Davis* Cabinet
alive, and that is John 11. Reagan. .'.. ■ :..' >■
In reference to a dispute over the way in
which .president Kruger's name shorild. be
pronounced, the London Daily News says . that
"Oom Paul" diplomatically writes it l£r-4cer.
A DAINTY DRESSING SACOUE
A delightfully comfortable garment is shown
here. It is cut without a lining, the fullness
being gathered into the collar band, arid fini
ished with a draw-string at the waist line, in
the back. Ii is unconfined in frout, except' by
a ribbon. . .
Made of pink and white striped lawn, with
ruffles of very finely embroiderd white lawn
and ribbons of pink, it is ; a dream otvdahiti
ness. ' * .."i • ," : ; ■ •
• A white Japanese silk, with ruffles c* whit*
lace, and Dresden ribbon is charming and ser
viceable, as the silk launders as well as white
lawn. . ■-, - -
A sprigged dimity of white background had
yellow ribbons to match the figure with white
Valenciennes lace trimming?. ••- •--"* «,-.
CrejKra in delicate shades are much used for
these jackets. One of rink and ruffles of black
chiffon on collar and sleeves. A pink and
black striped ribbon was worn at the waist.
A yellow nun's veiling had ruffles- of black
lace. c » ' o °
Albatross of a creamy white had frills of pale
blue chiffon and blue ribbon trimmings. -
A white lawn with a blue spot had collar
and ruffles of blue lawn to match. .- ° c . a ;"
E,-H. Black, painter, 120 Eddy street. V
: •—• — • — « „ „ c o c
Towksexd's CaL glace fruits, "our make,"
50c lb. in Japanese baskets. 627 Market st. *
• • >
Special information daily to manufacturers,
business houses and public men by the Press
Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Montgomery. °?
«■ ♦ — • ■
"Spo that old guy* across the road]?" said
Wheeler to Scorcher. *-Tfte meanest man ir
town." "What did he did?" asked Seorchei
with much wit. "He's got, his clothes linec
with tacks — ' sticking oujt,- you know
Isn't a man in town dares to run over him."-
Indianapolis Journal. i . « ..,--, - •«> :'.
Important Changs of TIKE.— 12th lnst
the Northern Pacific Kail road inaugurated a doubli
dally passenger service between Portland and St
Paul, making a saving of ten hours between Port
land and Chicago. These are the fastest and line*
equipped trains that ever were run out 01, the Pa
cine Northwest. The superior accommodations it
our passenger equipment recommend our line tc
j all. Ours is the only line tUat runs dining-cars on:
of - Portland. T. K. STATELEU, general agent
. 68S Market street San Francisco., A': -. -
De. Siegert's Angostura Bitters, the most effl
caclous stimulant to excite the appetite, keeps th<
digestive organs In order. "t
If afflicted with sore eyes use Dr. Isaac Thorn?
son's Eye Water. Imigglsts sell It at 25 cents.HE Brooklyn Ethical Associa
tion has issued another of its in-
I .teresting and helpful volumes.
J| This is called "Life and the Coudi
. . . Upjis of Survival." It contains a
mimtfer «f popular and yet learned lec
turas germane to tbe title that have from
time, to time been delivered before the
society. '.-•••
.'.'"•' There are .fourteen of these lectures in
the book, as follojws: By Dr. Lewis G.
: "- Janesj.on "Cosmic Evolution as Related to
; Ethics"'.; by A. Emerson Palmer, on "Solar
Enerey" ; by Dr. Robert G. Eccles, "The
Atmosphere of Life": Rossiter W. Ray
mond, Ph.l>., "Water"; Professor W. O.
Atwater, "Food as Related to Life and Sur
viv-aj"; Professor Edward D. Cope, Ph.D.,
' ; The Origin of Structural Variation^"; Dr-
Martin L. Holbrook, "Locomotion and Its
.. ..Kelati'on to Survival;" Dr. David Allyn
Goiton, "Labor as- a Factor in Evolution' 1 ;
Mrs. Lizzie Cheney -Ward, "Protective
• . -C6veni.g"; Z. Sidney Sampson, "Shelter
.. as Related to the Evolution of Life": Rev.
•."■.; John White Chadwick, "Habit"; Rev.
■ ".' John C. Kirn balr, "From Natural to
Christian Selection"; James A very Skil
' ; /'ton, "Sanitation"; Rev.' Edward P.
• • Powell, "Religion" as a Factor in Social
• .Evolution."
. This. is not a "dry, learned book, 1 ' but
. one that is full of information of the use- I
ful sort in everyday nineteenth century
Jife, and it is couched, too, in language
that the noh-speciaiist readiiy grasps and
; comprehends. While the lectures are all j
by specialists they have evidently been i
written for those who are not spe- !
cialists- in these, lines. The publications
.. of the Brooklyn. Ethical Association
. .' -have a peculiar value to students:
• in- almost all departments, since they give |
in a large measure the results of a broad j
... arid very effective' ethical work that rests '
upon science as a -basis, is philanthropic in
character, and alhiost entirely gratuitous
'-;. outside of the supporting members of the
.association, whose motto is: "The Truth
Shall Make You Free. 1 ' "Life and the
. . Conditions of Survival" ia for sale at the
• .bookstores' or at the association's head
quarters, Brooklyn, N. Y.
. SCRIPTURE READER OF ST. MARKS.
Despite certain small crudities of com
position, and abrupt piecing together of
situations this. is a well-written novel with
. strong human interests.
- • • Micbael Angelo Lee is a poverty-stricken
. . ' Scripture reader, whose sole ambition is to !
ease the life of the poor members of his j
. parish. Returning home one Christmas
;• eve he stumbles .against a female in a i
dark court. The woman has been rendered j
desperate by ill treatment and is intent
... upon suicide. She is dissuaded from her
. purpose by Lee, who conducts her to his
. -. ."rooms. •■ .
The woman proves to be possessed of
great personal' cliarms, but totally illiter
ate. Lee asks her to become his wife.
This she- refuses to do, but is willing to
act in/that capacity if the Scripture
reader /.wiLl consent to dispense with
■'.. ecclesiastical or legal formalities. The
struggle between his better self and his
...'■ merely animal-. nature is well pictured,
. • and in; a weak ■'moment he consents.
Twerve months afterward a child is born
to the couple, and the woman becomes his
' • •• wife./
Some time afterward Lee accompanies a
.. poor man — Charles Cunliffe byname — to
:.. the hospital. Cunliffe has been run over
; .. by a wagon in the- street, and, seeing the
, friendly interest taken in his welfare by
. •the Scripture reader, the two become
friends. The sick man confides to Lee the
fact that he has a "beastly temper," an ex
hibition of which he has already given by
unmercifully, beating a dog. Tbe animal
■ -is placed in Lee's" care, and ie regarded
: with extraordinary, interest by his wife.
Upon Cunliffe's release from the hospi
tal he claims his dog at the Scripture
reader's house. Here he finds the woman
: .' for whom he'had long been searching, in
the person of Mrs. Lee. It is now made
apparent that she had run away from !
Cunliffe by reason of his ill treatment of \
her, and has willfully contracted a bigam- j
o-us marriage with Lee. The pair leave'
for Australia with a few lines of farewell
addressed to the lady's second "husband."
The last part of the story is probably the
most unreal, and here occur the portions
. . that appear stilted and jerky. Never
theless, tbe author of "Tbe Scripture
Reader of St. Marks," K. Douglas King,
may be congratulated unon having written
. an interesting story of life in London,
which in places is quite powerfully told.
{The Merriam Company, New York;
price 60 cents. For sale at all booksellers'.]
OUT OF TOWN.
// A bright, sketchy volume, without any
pretense of depth, has been issued under
this title by Messrs. Harper <fc Bros., New
York. It is one of those delightfully
ephemeral pieces ot literature which is best
.. read on a summer day, on vacation or dur
ing picnic time. No name appears on the
title page to father this series of sketches,
though the illustrations are done by Ro
sina Emmett Sherwood in a highly credi
table-manner. Indeed, they are the better
portion of the book.
"Out of Town" records the adventures
of William Harford, a gay young bachelor
with a fondness for athletics and a marked
distaste for suburban residences. His
tastes and conversations run in the direc
tion of Jife in clubland. Numerous ex
traneous personages are introduced
throughout the book, who, by .judicious
blundering, help to keep Harford away
from the object of his affections, Miss Mary
Burnbarn. For the rest, it can be said
mat William Harford isintroduced to Miss
Burnham in sketch 1, and is married to
her in the final sketch 10.
A pretty conceit is introduced on the
contents page, wherein Harford is pictured
its talking to his iady friend, the before
mentioned extraneous personates being
shown as "on the line" to the end that
conversation between them Is interrupted.
[N»w York: Harper & Bros. For sale by
A. M. Robertson; price $1 25.]
THE WOMAN'S BIBLE.
The first part of the much discussed and
criticized Woman's Bible has reached us.
Its professed object is "to revise those
texts, and chapters directly referring to
. \ women, and those also in which women
are made prominent by exclusion." The
. movement can be termed a diYect offshoot
■V from that of emancipation of women, and,
. '; as nan undoubtedly been the case with
BOOKS
that scheme, has developed a vast amount
of adverse comment directed against the
powers that were and are.
The introduction to the "ultra-revised"
version of the Pentateuch, which forms
Part I, is written by Mrs. Elizabeth Cady
Stanton. The venerable advocate of
woman's suffrage finds much at which to I
cavil in the ordinary revised or King
James* edition of the Scriptures. She de
fends the position of the board of editors
I from the attacks of those who have urged
I the uselessness of such a work as the
| present in this wise: "Why is it more
j ridiculous for, women. to protest against
her present status in the Old and New
Testament, in the ordinance and discipline
of the church, than in the statutes and
constitution of the State?" Much of the
present portion of the Woman's Bible is
. done over Mrs. Stanton'sinitials. |
A curious fact in connection with the
work is that Mrs. Robert G. Ingersoll ap
pears on the title page as one of the mem
bers of the Revising Committee. This is
certainly peculiar, viewing the attitude
adopted by this lady's husband toward
matters biblical and religious. Mrs. Inger
soll could hardly be called an unpreju
diced critic, and there is, by the introduc
tion of her name, a loophole of adverse
criticism left unguarded. The opponents
j of the movement among women them
selves will no doubt have something to say
regarding this in the near future. And it
will be worth hearing. [New York: Euro
pean Publishing Co., 35 Wall street. Price
! 50 cents.] ____£iils v
THE BLUE-GKASS NOVELIST.
James Lane Allen, who is distinctively
I a "blue-grass novelist," recently submitted
; to an interview in which he gave the in
formation that he outlines an entire
volume before beginning work upon the
j manuscript. The mood which he finds
! conducive, and even necessary, to satis
j factory literary labor, comes by fits and
starts. Mr. Allen came into prominence
in 1892, as the author of a series of maga
zine articles descriptive of the Kentucky
blue-grass region, and the works by which
he has attained wider distinction are:
"John Gray," "A Kentucky Cardinal" and
a seauel to the latter. "Aftermath." The
last-named novel is one of the notable late
successes. Mr. Allen expresses the opinion
that American literature is on the verge
of a new movement; that realism and
commonplace have seen their day;
and in the tendency of the move
ment toward the themes of Ameri
can history he sees cause • for confi
i dence in the revival of interest in George
; Washington and the period of the Ameri
i can Revolution. lie looks for a very gen
j eral incorporation of the people and inci
dents of the latter part of the last century
i into the fiction of the future, and for a
| fresh valuation of the extraordinary in all
| classes of books. Mr. Allen is a middle
aged man of healthful principles and high
| ideals. He taught school for some years
following his majority, but laid away the
ferule as soon as he discovered that there
was more profit for him in the pen of the
author. He now resides , in New York.
His mornings he devotes to literary work,
and his afternoons to athletic exercise,
especially on the wheel. His favorite
writers are Thackeray and Eliot, and the
works which he- declares gave him the
greatest pleasure are "Vanity Fair." "The
Newcomes," "Adam Bede" and "The Mill
on the Floss." He believes that the epoch
of short stories is ebbing rapidly, and in
tends devoting himself almost exclusively
to novels. He has two or three now in
hand, as well a3 a volume of Kentucky
traditions. ' n ,.,'::lJ'l^. " .
JOAQUIN MILLER'S NEW VOLUME.
The Whitaker & Kay Company of
this City, and George Routledge &
Sons, London, have issued Joaquin Millers
new book of poems, "Songs of the Soul."
This volume is the result of the poet's ten
years' hermit-like meditation on the
Heights. The cover is from a design sue
gested by the poet himself — the Sierra
snow-plant on a dove-colored background.
| In the preface Joaquin Miller says: "It
! may be a bold thing to sing by our own
! great sea bank instead of abroad, as be-
I fore, but I have faith in my own people,
and believe the time has come to keep our
work at home." The volume contains,'
besides a large number of poems that have
appeared in the public prints, though
never before in book form, many new pro
ductions of the poet's genius, notably
"Sappho and Phaon," embracing "The
Songs of the Soul." The poet dedicates
the work "To Mother," and the prelude is
in the following beautiful strain :
Long years, lorn years apart, alone,
Despite man's rage or woman's ruth,
• I kept my cloud-capped heights of stone
To watch lor light, to toil tor truth.
And ob, the voices I have heard !
Such visions when the morn Ing grows—
A brother's soul In some sweet bird,
A sister's spirit in a rose.
And oh, the beauty I have found !
Such beauty, beauty everywhere; • -
The beauty creeping on the ground,
The beauty singing In the air.
The love In all, the good in all,
The God In all, in all that is; '
But oh. I stumble to my fall, '■■• *
To try to tell a tithe of this!
Poor lalt'ring tongue ! Each rambling tale,
Save here and there a ray of light,
Beads as some tavern of the vale.
Instead of God's bouse on some height.
But take these flowers: tears and toil
Have meshed them in most sad array;
* Vet if some weed, some wood, some soil ..
. A tear may wash the moil away.
• HOW SOME AUTHORS WORK.
G. B. Burgin in the April Idler (Lon
don) tells how some of the popular Eng
lish authors work. Dr. Conan Doyle, line
Sir Walter Besant, . scorns the use of the
typewriter, and writes his own copy. His
day's work varies from 1000 to 2500 .words.
If he is writing about any epoch he begins
by reading every book that bears upon St.
This he usually does while writing another
| book. "He takes copious notes, and then
rearranges them in long lists. under the
heading of different characters, getting,
for example, everything about archery
under the heading of 'Archer,' ' and every
thing about a knk'ht or monk under these
headings." Dr. Doyle, believes the most
permanent fiction to .be that which is
based or leans most upon fact, as, for in
stance, Defoe does in "Robinson Crusoe,"
or Reade in all his great novels.
. Unlike Dr. Doyle and Mr. Besant Rider
Haggard dictates his story, to a secretary.
He likes to work five hours; a day. He is
supposed to begin at 10:30 every morning
and he dictates till lunch time. Then
be breaks off for a brief interval and works
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY 3, 1896.
again for two and a half hours after lunch.
When he is regularly at work on a book
he resumes for a hour after dinner that is
to say, if he has not made up his five
hours. "He works very quietly and once
he has a plot in his head goes straight on
and makes few alterations."
Stanley Weyman, we are told, writes
very slowly and corrects much. "He will '
begin with a rough copy of a page or two,
seldem more; then he makes a fair copy of
this, and so on to the next paragraph. He
never does more and sometimes less than
a thousand words a day. It is a common
experience with him to find that the story
leaves the lines on which he has placed it
a minor character sometimes has an un-
I pleasant knack of forcing himself into
I prominence,' while the unfortunate "lead
ing gentleman' is left behind in the back
ground." He believes that the morning
hour has gold in its mouth and he writes
j between 5 and 7, but he "seldom sits down
to work without a groan."
More than half of what George Gissing
writes eoes into the fire. The first volume
of one of his earlier works was, Mr. Bur
gin says, written seven times. On the
other hand, "N^ew Greek Street" was
schemed and written in exactly eight
weeks. Mr. Gissing used to write at night;
now his hours are morning and late after
noon, and he only feels comfortable at the
desk when the whole of the day lies be
fore him, without a fear of interruption.
Grant Allen works regularly every day
from 9 o'clock until 11:30 or 12, and from
4r.m. to 6:30 or 7. He writes after great
deliberation, and takes infinite pains.
WEALTH AGAINST COMMON
WEALTH.
"As much of an epoch-making book as
Uncle Tom's Cabin" is the way Edward
E. Hale refers to Henry Demarest Lloyd's
"Wealth Against Commonwealth," a
cheap edition of which has just been
issued. It is certainly one of the remark
able books of the time, as far as the con
sideration of economical and industrial
problems are concerned, and not only is it
replete with facts that are strong argu
ments in themselves, but the style is
attractive, and the book should be widely
read and studied. A good insight into the
work is given in the paragraph with which
the volume concludes:
It is not a verbal accident that science is the
substance of the word conscience. We must
know the right before we can do the right.
j When it comes to know the facts the human
heart can no more endure monopoly than
"HOW DO YOU LIKE THE CENTER-STKEET WHELLMEN ? "
[Reproduced from Out of Town.]
American slavery or Roman empire. The first
step to a remedy is that the people care. If
they know, they will care. To help them to
know and care; to stimulate new hatred of
evil, new love of the good, new sympathy for
the victims of power, and, by enlarging its
scienf-e, to quicken the old into a new con
science.
This compilation of fact has been made.
Democracy is not a lie. There live in the body
of the commonalty the unexhausted virtue
and the ever-refreshed strength which can rise
equal to any problems of progress. In ibe
hope of tapping some reserve of their power*
of self-help, this story is told to the people.
The Utopia painted by Mr. Lloyd may
not be reached, but it is to be hoped that
vast improvements may be effected in gov
ernmental, social and industrial conditions
through the removal of at least some of
tbe causes which now, to the greater part
of the human race, obstruct the path to
contentment. [New York: Harper A
Brothers, publishers. For sale by A. M.
Robertson; price $I.]
DESPERATE REMEDIES.
Thomas Hardy's "Teas of the D'Urber
villes" has been followed by the republica
tion of his earlier works, one by one, until
now his very first novel, written twenty
six years ago, has been run through a
fresh «ditjon. "Desperate Remedies" was
produced at a time when the author was
"feeling his way to a method." He ad
mits that the principles observed in its
composition are, no doubt, too exclusively
those in which mystery, entanglement,
surprise and moral obliquity are depended
on for exciting interest, but thinks some
of the scenes and "at least one of the char
acters" worthy of a little longer preserva
tion. Mr. Hardy has recently been hauled
over the coals for the moral shortcomings
of his novels. In a prefatory note to the
new edition in question the author takes
occasion to advertise the very things for
which he has been widely denounced, for
he says: "As it happened that certain
characteristics which provoked most dis
cussion in my latest story were present in
this, my first— published in 1871, when
there was no French name for them — it
has seemed best to let them stand un
altered." This is disgusting; and it is de
plorable that a man of Hardy's ability
should be founrt, with evident pride, up
holding the "smut" school in literature.
[New York: Harper & Brothers. For
sale by A. M. Robertson ; price $1 50.]
A ROMAN KINOKR.
- This popular novel, one of the earlier
works of F. Marion Crawford, first pub
lished, in -1883, and 1 which has passed
through a number of editions in the more
expensive forms, has just been issued in
the Novelists'; Library,' as volume 2, num
ber 1. . These comparatively cheap edi
tions, well printed on good paper, place
the works of the better class of authors
within easy .reach of all. ' [New York :
Macmiilan & Co.-, publishers. For sale by
William Doxey; paper covers, price 50
cents.] '_____
••ME AN' METHUSELAB."
Harriet Ford's j neat little volume, "Me
an' Methuselar, and Other Episodes," con
tains a series of . readings which will serve'
admirably for juvenile stage or parlor en
tertairiment, or afford. pleasure in leisure
perusal.. Humor and pathos mingle in
the episodes— laughter ana tears— and "A
Fragment," which closes the volume, has
a dramatic coloring which fis excellent.
"At the . Photographer's" pictures with
naturalness some of the amusing incidents
which occur in i the average photograph
gallery. "Dr. Bean, Dentist," will recall
to the reader his last sitting in the chair of
torture, with. the. difference .that a smile
will accompany the recollection. [Buffalo :
The Peter Paul Book Company, pub
lishers.] ;•• ■ .
STEVENSON DEFINES "GOOD LIT
ERATURE."
In "Vailima Table-talk" • in the May
Scribner's Isobel Strong furnishes this in
teresting diary entry :
May 31, 1893.
"I asked Louis this evening how you
could tell good literature when you saw it.
" 'It is capable of explanation, I think,'
he said; 'when you see words used to the
best purpose— no waste, going tight around
a subject. Also they must be true.: My
stories are not the truth, but I try to make
my characters act as they would act in
life. No detail is too small to study for
truth. Lloyd and I spent five days weigh
ing money and making calculations for
the treasure found in 'The Wrecker.' " -
A GENTLEMAN'S GENTLEMAN.
The volume which goes under the above
title is more • particularly described as
"certain pages from the life and strange
adventures of Sir Nicolas Steele, Bart.; as
related by his valet, Hildebrand Bigg."
Sir Nicolas, while belonging to a good fam
ily and technically .a "gentleman" by
birth, is an adventurer of the basest sort,
utterly devoid of honor, truth and shame.
The story, which is written by Max Jfem
berton, has no great literary value as a
whole, but there are some scenes which
are quite strong and effective, notably that
of the Russian duel, near the end, which
is thrilling and dramatic. [New York:
Harper & Brothers, publishers. For sale by
A. M. Robertson. Price $1 25. ]
ADVERTISERS' GUIDE FOR 1896.
The Lyman D. Morse Advertising
Agency of New York City, whose reputa
tion among advertisers and publishers is
world wide, has just issued the twelfth
annual edition of its "Advertisers'. Han
dy Guide" (size 4x6J£, over an inch in
thickness and contains 777 pages; price
$2).. It contains in condensed form all the
information considered essential by an ad
vertiser.
SOME 31 A V MAGAZINES.
THE CENTURY.
Topics of the present time fill a large
part of the May Century. As the cere
monies of the approaching coronation in
Russia will be substantially similar to
those ol Alexander 111, the reader will
gain a good idea of their character from a
journal of the latter event contributed by
Miss Mary Grace Thornton, daughter of
Sir Edward Thornton, who at the time
was British Embassador to Russia. The
first of Professor Bryce's papers on South
Africa is printed in this number, and
deals with the external and geographical
features of the country to which the eyes
of all the world have been directed by re
cent events. Apropos of the Roentgen
rays a number of short papers are con
tributed under the title of "Photograph
ing the Unseen," by T. C. Martin. B. W.
Wool, Elihu Thomson, Silvanus Thomp
son, .1. C. McLennan, Dr. William J. Mor
ton and Thomas A. Edison.
An account by William R. Thayer of
"The Election of a Poj>e" describes the
scenes in the Sacreil College which follow
upon the death of a pontiff. The first ball
of a two-part story of Western life, "The
Hare haw Bride," by Mary Hallock Foote,
is printed, and Mrs. Humphry Ward's
"Sir George Tressady 1 ' develops dramatic
intensity. A paper on the artist Diaz, by
Royal Cortissoz, is accompanied by three
full-page encravings, and there is'aview
of the' group for the John Boyle O'Reilly
memorial, soon to be erected in Boston,
the .york of D. C. French, the American
sculptor. Two other humorous stories
are "Cinderella up to Date"; "A Romance
of Etna," the principal characters being
an American girl and "Prince Michael of
Polkayia," and a rollicking story of
(Jeortiia by H. S. Edwards, entitled "Mas'
Craffud's Freedom." "The Protege," by
Annie Steger Winston, printed in the
Lighter Vein Department, is a humorous
character sketch of Virginia.
harper's.
The current number of Harper's is fully
up to the standard of that excellent maga
zine, and among its features of special im
portance may be mentioned: "Mark
Twain" (seven illustrations), by Joseph
H. Twichell; "Through Inland Waters,"
a journey by canal-boat up the Hudson
to Lake Cbamplain, with sixteen illustra
tions by the author, Howard .Pyle; "Eng
land and America in 1863," a chapter in
the life of Cyrus W. Field; "The Dashur
Explorations," by Jacques do Morgan;
"The German Struggle for Liberty" — XI,
by Poultney Bigelow; "At Home in Vir
ginia," showing Washington as the young
head of a household and man of affairs,
by Woodrow Wilson; "The English
Crisis," by an Eastern diplomatist. "Lit
tle Fairy's Constancy," by Julian Ralph,
gives an insight into the courtship and
marriage customs of China. Other short
stories in the number are "The Bringing
of the Rose," by Harriet Lewis Bradley,
with a page illustration by Albert E.
Sterner, and "Three Old Sisters and the
Old Beau," by Mary E. Wilkins. Mr.
Black's novel, "Briseis," is completed in
the number, and there are poems by Dora
Keade Goodale, Z. D. Underbill. Louise
Imogen Guiney, Mary Allen and Lu'ah
Ragsdale. The Editor's Study and Edi
tor's Drawer contain a variety of timely
comment by Charles Dudley Warner, ana
original humor by well-known writers.
THE FORCM.
The May Forum contains an analysis of
"The Political Situation," by E. L. God
kin, the editor of the New York Evening
Post. Mr. Godkin declares that the two
problems which at present constitute the
sum total of our politics are tne tariff
question and the currency question. With
regard to the latter he thinks that what
the champions of the gold standard really
demand "is not so much the gold stand
ard as assimilation in currency matters to
the other great commercial nations, and
i .the absolute abandonment of the currency
question as a political issue." Among
other good articles are: ''Is the Power of
JAMES LANE ALLEN, THE BLUE GRASS NOVELIST.
[From a photograph.]
Christianity Wanine? No!" by Dr. H. K.
Carrol!, who had charge of the religious
census, and "Modern Norwegian Litera
ture," by Bjornstjerne Bjornson, the dis
tinguished Norwegian poet, novelist and
dramatist. Senator Henry Cabot Lodge
has written a stirring article entitled "Our
Duty to Cuba."
REVIEW OF REVIEWS.
In the May number of this unique peri
odical forty pages are still devoted to a
thorough and varied digest of the most
significant articles in the newest issues of
the principal American, English and Con
tinental periodicals. The most important
oripinal feature in this number is entitled
"The Great Occasions of 1896." In a rapid
narrative fashion, with due regard to dates
and precise facts, the reader is apprised of
all tne great gatherings and conventions
of a political, religious, or educational
character, foreign expositions, and note
worthy events in general that the coming
*ix months will afford to American and
European travelers. W. T. Stead furnishes
a character sketch of that ever interesting
personality, M. de Blowitz of Paris, the
cosmopolitan journalist who represents !
the London Times. Charles D. Lhnier
writes with sympathy and discernment
concernine; the lite and literary work of
the late Judge Thomas Hughes, author of
that most famous of all boys' books,
"Tom Brown at Rugby."
The editor's department, entitled "The
Progress of the World," covers as usual
the tieid of American and European poli
tics, and of general social progress, while
tbe department of "Current History in
Caricature," with about thirty reproduc
tions from the work of American and
foreign cartoonists, throws many a keen
and pertiuent sidelight upon the course of
events.
THE PALL MALL.
The Pall Mall Magazine for May is richly
entertaining. The frontispiece is a beauti
ful etching, "On the Arno" (Florence), by
Fred tJ. Burndge. The number opens
with a poem, "The Old Spinet," a happy
conceit by James Mew. Among other
numerous features may be mentioned W.
L. Aldeu's interesting experiences with
the "Practical Mahatnia;" Sheila E.
Braine's contribution, "The Blue Stockings
of the Eighteenth Century"; Alice
Mackuy's love-poem, "Anthony to Cleo
patra," and not the least important and
attractive feature, I. Zangwill's literary
department, "Without Prejudice." The
short stories are exceptionally clever, as a
rule, and the Pall Mail's illustrations are
superb.
LITERARY NOTES.
Dr. David Starr Jordan, president of Le
land Stanford Jr. University, has prepared
for publication a series of chapters on the
"Care and Culture of Men." This book is
now in cress and will shortly be issued
by the Whitaker & Ray Company. This
is the first book that the distinguished
educator has published on this const.
A revolution has taken place in tbe firm
of Stone & Kimball, Chicago. The name,
business and good-will of the corporation
have been purchased by the junior partner,
who will transfer its activities to New
York. The arrangement is an amicable
one, though it is the result of some differ
ences of opinion on matters of policy be
tween the two men. The Chap Book, pub
lished by the firm, nov- goes to New York.
Messrs. Harper & Brothers published on
May 1 "Personal Recollections of Joan of
Arc," by Mark Twain; "Madelon," a
novel by Mary E. Wilkins; and "For King
or Country, 1 ' a story of the American
Revolution, by James Barnes. These will
be followed on May 8 by Mark Twain's
"Huckleberry Finn" (new edition); "The
Cavaliers," by S. R. Keightly, and "Mark
Heffron," a novel by Alice Ward Bailey.
A valuable article in the current Har
per's Round Table is the first of a series
of five on "Practical Golf," by W. G. Van
Tassel Sutphen. These articles describe
tbe came and tell in a semi-instructive
way many points not generally known. In
the same number there is a hunting story,
entitled "An Adventure on Tamarack
Lake," by Francis Sterne Palmer, and "A
Mayday Play" (a lawn entertainment in
which the time-honored May-pole plays a
prominent part), by Caroline A. Creevey
and Margaret E. Sangster.
"His Heart's Queer." is the latest story
from the pea of Mrs. Geor-ie Sheldon. It
is a romance of the life trials and love
affair^ of a beautiful young girl. Street &
Smitn, New York, are the publishers.
A short treatise on "The Education of
Children at Rome," by Georce Clarke, Ph.
D., principal of Jarvis Hall Academy,
Montclair. Colo., is soon to be published
by Macmiilan & Co. The object of Dr.
Clarke in his little book has been to place
within the reach of teachers and others in
terested in education a clear, and, so far
as the limited sources of information al
low, a full account of tbe methods used in
the moral and intellectual training of chil
dren at Rome in classical times.
The Outlook Company has engaeed Jus
tin McCarthy to write a popular life of Mr.
Gladstone, which wiil be published in the
Outlook's magazine numbers during 1897.
It will be profusely illustrated and the
personal and social sides of Mr. Glad
stone's life will be brought out in strong
relief.
"Clara Hopgood," Mark Rutherford's
latest story, is said to bo full of pictures
of the spiritual and common life of the
English middle class of half a century ago.
Tbe scenery is similar to that in "Cathe
rine Furze," and the heroine is the daugh
ter of a bank manager.
Messrs. A. D. F. Randolph & Co. (New
York) are issuing "White batin and Home
spun," a short novel by Katrina Trask,
whose poem, "Under Kinc Constantine,"
is now in its fourth edition. With the ex
ception of stories which have appeared in
magazines, this is Mrs. Trask's first prose
work. "It touches tne trua phases of life
represented by white satin and homespun,
but its motif is not the sociological ques
tion of the present day, as its title might
imply, but the more universal one of the
lecreating power of love."
Messrs. Little, Brown & Co. (New York)
will begin this month, in co-operation
with Messrs. J. M. Dent <fe Co. of London,
the publication of a new, uniform edition
of the novels of Captain Marryat. to be
completed in twenty-two vo umes. R. B.
Johnson, the editorof the Dent edition of
Jane Austen, will contribute a full critical
introduction to the set and a series of prefa
tory bibliographical notes. Each volume
will contain three etchings.
Messrs. Macrail'.an & Co. will publish
shortly <- The Daughter of a Stoic," by
Cornelia Atwood Pratt. Mr. Howells has
already discussed the general principles
governing those young people in fiction
who find themselves engaged to the wrong
individuals, but this author deals with the
subject from a fresh point of view.
It is reported from Constantinople that
an ancient and beautiful manuscript copy
of the Gospels, dating back to the sixth
century, has recently been found in Asia
Minor. It is written on the finest and
thinnest of vellum, which is dyed purple,
and the letters are in silver, except the
abbreviations and sacred names, which are
in gold. Representatives of English and
American universities have unsuccessfully
sought to obtain possession of the find,
which has been secured by Russia.
Says the "Lounger" in the New York
Critic: "It may be some gratification to
Professor Brander Matthews to know that
the London Queen has just completed a
serial novel by E. Marion Crawford, an
American, and that the Illustrated London
News, having recently finished one by \V.
D. Howells, an American, has just begun
another by Frank R. Stockton, also an
American. If Professor Matthews objects
that Mr. Crawl nl is half an Italian, he
must admit that Mr. Stockton and Mr.
Howeils aYe good enough Americans to
make up for the deficiencies of the other
in that respect. It must also be put to
the credit of England that Clement Shor
ter was one of the very first editors, either
at home or abroad, to publish the stories
of Stephen Crane. So, little by little, Eng
land is coming to acknowledge that there
is something in the way of literature in
America that is worthy* the attention of
her editors."
J. B. Lippincott Co. announce a great
reduction in the price of "Lippincott's
Gazetteer" and "Lippincott's Pronouncing
Biographical Dictionary." They have in
preparation, also, a new edition of "Cham
bers's Encyclopaedia," at "a remarkably
low figure." All of these are standard
works.
The Messrs. Harper will issue shortly
"Cyrus W. Field, His Life and Work,
1819-1892," edited by Isabella Field Jud
son, with photogravure portrait and other
illustrations.
In November, 1895, when Professor Ront
gen was perfecting his discovery, but be
fore the results were made known, there
was published "Stella" by Charles S. Hin
ton, a romance, the plot of which was
based on the fact of the permeability of
the human body to rays of light. Some
months later the condition stated in the
book, seemingly so far beyond any likeli
hood of conjecture, became a scientific and
demonstrable piece of knowledge.
Edward Arnold will publish a new novel
by Sicphen Crane called "Dan Emmons."
The May number of the San Francisco
Traveler is unusually interesting and
abounds in a profusion of eiegant half
tone engravings as well as a great variety
of reading matter. Among the many en
tertaining articles for May, all illustrated,
are: "Water Front Sketches" by E. K.
Rountree, depicting quaint characters on
the wharves; a chapter on "Basketry" by
J. Torry Connor, giving an insight into the
construction of the exquisite specimens in
this line; "Tehipite Valley" by Theodore
S. Solomons, containing ah account of the
new Yosemite, which is said to equal, if
: iDfcfitr -
A smart Broadway, New
/ V York, druggist: has
this sign hanging outside
his store; it marks the
new era of drug selling.
Is it any wonder ; that he
has to enlarge his quar- •
ters, that his clerks are
busy, and that his store is
one of the most popular
along the leading thor-
oughfare ?
You can afford to trade
with a druggist that has
such a motto as that
not surpass, the grandeur of that famous
gorge; "The Fair Sex in Egypt," by Ar
thur Inkersley, 13 a crisp review of the
habits and costumes of the ladies of the
harem: "Picturesque Humboldt County"
by D. G. Waldron affords an entertaining
sketch of that wonderfully scenic section ;
"The Great Rabbit Drive at Fresno," by
Hu. Maxwell, aptly illustrated, is unique
and delightful; "Ostrich Farming," "A
Bit of Natural History," and other regular
departments comprise in all one of the best
numbers ever issued.
Alice B. Stockham, M.D., author of
"Tokology," "Health Germs," etc., has
written a new work, entitled, "Karezza,
or the Ethics of Marriase." She takes for
her text the words of Farnham, that
"Honor to womanhood and reverence for
maternity are conditions of permanency
in any people, nation or race." The work
is a sequel to "Tokology," and the ex
pressed aim of the author is "to lead in
dividuals to 3eek a higher development of
themselves through most sacred rela
tions." [Chicago: Alice B. Stockham
Company publishers.]
Dr. A. Conan :Doyle has been writing
letters to the Westminster Gazette from
Cairo on the British campaign in Egypt.
Here is a description of one of the parting
scenes as the troops board the train for
Dongola: "A crown of red-fezzed Egyp
tians and sun-helmeted Europeans are
looking silently on without much sign of
sympathy. A .'long-legfied, red-coated
dragoon wanders through the riiiius look
ing for a pal. He finds him at last, just in
front of me — a stocky little infantryman,
all hat and knapsack. 'Bye, Bill !' says
the dragoon. 'Eye!' says the other,
hardly glancing at him. Two Frenchmen,
would, have been in each other's arms.
Yet it cannot b« want of feelini.', or why
should the dragoon wander about in that
blazing Cairo Bt>n looking for his pal?"
Messrs. Chj.oman & Hall of London
say that they 'will shortly publish a wont
entitled 'The Veil Lifted :*A New Light on
the World's History,' which is calculated
to make a considerable stir." It contends
that the three races of Shem, Hani and
Japheth have dominated Europe, Asia and
Northern Africa since the first dawn of
history, and that the Hanutesand Semites
were the Hebrews and Israelites of the Old
Testament, and as they worshiped their
Great Kings as divine incarnations none
other pods did they serve. The Israelite-
Great King God married the Hebrew Great
Queen Goddes3, and;their son, Phraataces,
the Christ, as the legitimate heir to both
imperial thrones, became the Great King
God of the Catholic or unionist party.
There is a famous story about Newton
and his cat. According to a writer in the
Ladies' Kennel Journal there is also a cat
story connected with the name of Mr.
Stanley. When the African traveler was
writing his "Through the Dark Continent"
in Sackville street he used often, from
want of a flat surface, to spread his maps
and charts upon the tioor, and one day the
cat of the house, which had taken an ex
traordinary liking for the great explorer
and passed most of her time in his rooms,
went to sleep on a chart that was spread
out on the hearthrug. By and by the
chart was wanted and one of Stanley's
assistants was going to turn puss off it.
when * : the man who found Livingstone
stopped him. "Don't disturb the cat," he
said ; "we can get on without the chart till
she wakes up. If you only knew how good
the sight of that English cat, cozily curled
up in iront of that fire, is to me you would
never let her move from where she is."
He had just come back from a weary and
trying time among uncivilized tribes, and
the sleeping cat was to him the symbol of
comfortable security, peace and of home.
Developing a Cathodograph.
In developing a cathodograph picture it
is noticeable that the development goes on
all through the film, back as well as front.
This is not the case with ordinary camera
exposures, which develop from the front
toward the back of the plate. The be
havior noted is, with the cathodograph,
an indication of the fact that the sensitive
film itself is largely transparent to the
cathode rays and therefore lets them,
through without fully utilizing them. If
they could all be absorbed and made to do
chemical work our time for making an im
pression would be much abbreviated. —
May Century.
i^rl^- ■■---.-.- MEW TO-PAY.
SOLE AGENTS FOR THE
MAGQIOMI KID GLOVES.
The Greatest
Of AH ||i
NO SUCH SILKS,
NO SUCH VALUES,
NO SUCH PRICES
Were Ever Before Offered *in
This City.
SILKS
ALMOST GIVEN AWAY.
TAFFETA SILKS
In Choicest Designs, . •
Most Desirable Colorings,. <
And Magnificent Qualities
' —AT—'
7^ A
■ UU : ' YARD.
Regular Price $125 and $150 a yard.
These are new goods just placed on our
counters, and •' consist of : Beautiful Bro-
cade, Pompadour, Dresden' and- Persian
Effects, the very latest novelties.
CALL EARLY
Is the advice we give to our regu-
lar patrons, for at the price these
silks will sell fast. ,
0 Til D TER° UR RIBBON COUN-
oty r D I Js W O I . LLPAYYOUT °
MAILORDERS PROMPTLY FILLED
NEWMAN &LEISI
125, 127, 139, 131 Keurny Street.
BRANCH STORE— 743, and 741 Market
Street.
2324
AT THE THEATRES
a TTRACTIONS have not been
/\ lacking in the City's places of
/-—\ amusement during the week just
\\. past. To be sure, some of the
"attractions" have been such
"in tarn? only"; but others have been
rightfully accorded the distinction.
For instance Rivarde's concerts have
been truly enjoyable. The Spanish violin
virtuoso is not a genius, nor a sublime
freak, nor a world-startling phenomenon ;
but he must figure in the first rank among
able, conscientious musicians, and his
playing has proved a treat.
Another great attraction, though not,
surely, in the dramatic line, is the wonder
ful horse show at the Auditorium.
In the way of drama, Richard Mansfield
In "Beau Brummeli" and "A Parisian Ro
mance" has filled the Baldwin, but the
woman with the squeaky voice ought to
be got out of the company at all haz
ards. At the Grand Opera-house they
have had a strong play on the boards, but
the methods of some people in the cast
seemed queer and uncanny.
However, the week has not been a bad
one altogether, and the managers, with
one voice, are acknowledging and bewail
ing their past misdemeanors and promis
ing speedy amendment in the immediate
future. A day or two will show awaiting
public whether these fair resolves are
genuine pr not.
At the Baldwin.
Richard Mansfield always pleases his
audiences, arid .his work last week at the
Baldwin was worthy of all praise. His
company aided him in captivating the
public, and Ms season, though brief, has
proved wonderfully successful.
Tbe next attraction will be "The Strange
Adventures of Miss Brown," with a cast
headed by Eddie Foy. ..There is a continu
ous, lively and consistent story of adven
ture Tunning through the play, which is
the«xception rather than the rule in "Eng
lish farces. The ludicrous incidents in
the story come about naturally through the
embarrassment of a cavalry officer who
has been forced -to don feminine attire.
Captain; Goyr.fcenay elopes with pretty
Angela iJrightwell, a ward in chancery.
She has escaped the watchful eyes of the
preceptress at the Cicero Academy and
fled to meet her lover, the captain.
While they are at the altar the school
mistress appear? at the house of Mrs. O'Gal
lagber, Vli e captain's friend, and through
a solicitor, who accompanies her, informs
Mrs. O'Gallagher that the captain is lia
ble to imprisonment for marrying a chan
cery ward without consent of court. A
warrant is out for his arrest, and he only
escapes by dodging into a room where he
dons feminine attire. He is found by the
officer, but Mrs. O'Gallacher and her offi
cer, the major, explain that the uncouth
young lady rs "Miss Brown of Ports
mouth," a long lost niece.
Pretty Angela is carted away to school
again and the following day the captain,
still dressed as "Miss Brown," is installed
as a pupil in the same academy by his
stanch friend, the major. His scheme is,
of course, to escape with his wife in the
night and flee to France. : "When the girls
discover him the fun begins in earnest.
Mishap follows mishap until, in the dead
•of the night, just as Angela and the cap
tain are stealing out through the conser
vatory door, a detective appears. The of
ficer is re-enforceJ by a German music
teacher, but neither nor both together are
a match. for the muscular "Miss Brown"
and they are soon vanquished.
-Ada Kenan is coming to the scene of
several former triumphs, and will appear
with Atigustln Daly's company at the
Baldwin.- commencing on the 18th icst.
As thus far arranged the repertory for the
t!:ree "weeks' engagement is as follows:
:tirst week— Monday, Tuesday, Wednes
day and Saturday matinee, "The Countess
Gucke" ;. Thursday and Friday evenings,
the intest suctess, "The Two Esciitch
•e(ins"; Saturday night. "School for Scan
. d 41."
Second week— First five nights and Satur
day matinee, the magnificei.t spectacular
revival of "A Midsummer Night's Dream";
Saturday night, "The Last Word." Third
week — Monday, Tuesday and Wednes
day matinee, "Twelfth Night": Wednes
day evening, "The Hunchback"; Thurs
day, thedouble bill, "Belle's Stratagem"
and "The Honeymoon" ; Friday, Satur
day matinee and Saturday night, "Tam
ing of the Shrew."
At the California.
Woman suffrage and the female voter
received some rather deep thrusts and a
fevr—iL very few— love-pats in "The Poli
tician." The play is a roost absoroing
one andy. though the motive throughout is
very conspicuous, it is by no means devoid
of merit as a literary composition.
Mr. Reed's actingis singular. He seems
to bow to none of the established canons
of the stage, but rather to net as pleases
himself; and, what is more, his methods,
capricious though they be, please the
public and disarm the critics. What
better success can an actor desire?
Xo-raorrow evening a reign of burnt
cork will be inaugurated. Primrose &
West's minstrels will hold the boards,
arrtl they promise to do themselves proud.
The troupe consists ot seventy first-class
singers, thirty of whom are colored by
nature and not by art. Tv« African ele
ment of the company is utilized chiefly in
the musical portion of the entertainment,
—
to which their uniquely resonant voices
give a strange, weird beauty.
Every act on the programme is new and
original. The first part will bring out an
unusually fine array of musical talent, all
heard to the very best advantage in care
fully selected numbers. Some of the songs
that will bo hpard are: "Guess Again,"
"Plain Little Everyday Girl," "Just Tell
Them That You Saw Me," "It Don't Seem
Like the Same Old Smile," "The Limekiln
Club," "The English Swell," and others.
William H. Windom, the great alto, will
no doubt create a profound impression, as
will also the wonderful colored boy so
prano, Master Eddie.
The company promises to show an act
on its appearance here next Monday that
will take the lead of anything of its kind
ever attempted. It is called "The Vanish
ing Grenadiers," and is the production of
W. H. West. The act calls for seventeen
artists, who go through some wonderfully
intricate evolutions, which, combined with
the many effects produced by vari-colored
lights, is beautiful beyond description.
The four Sbrodes will be another feature
that will attract unusual attention, as will
also the Millar brothers' famous "Diorama"
with its many scenic marvels. Three
brass bands accompany the organization,
and will be heard in the monster street
parade to-morrow afternoon.
The Colnmbia.
Kivarde has pleased his audiences.
; Though not quite up to Wilhelmj and some
! others who have baen heard in San Fran
cisco, his playing is at least equal in merit
to that of Marsick, who shone principally
by the reflected radiance of Paderewski's
halo. In the graceful handling of his in
strumentand in the peculiarly rich sing
ing tones which he calls forth from it the
gifted Spaniard reminds one forcibly of
Camilla Urso.
The violinist is ably supported by
Messrs. Keith and Laehaume and a fine
picked orchestra of forty pieces under the
direction of H. J. Stewart, rendering tne
programmes as varied as they are pleas
.ing. At the matinee yesterday the follow
ing bill was rendered:
Overture, "Merry Wives of \Vlndsor" Xlcolal
Orchestra.
Third ballade Chopin
M. Alme i.achaiuiH-.
Aria, "Xl Guarany" Gomez
William H. Keith.
Concerto (V major, op. 81) Beethoven
(Cadenzas by M. Kivarde.)
(a) Allegro ma non troppo
(6) Laxgheuo
(c) Rondo
M. Achllle Kivarde.
Valse Lente and Pizzicato, "Sylvia" Dellbet
Orchestra.
eleventh Rbapsodie Uszt
M. Alme i achaume.
Marine L, a lo
William H. Keith.
Fantasia for violin Vleuxtemps
M. Achille Rlvarde.
La Fete, "Scenes Napolitaines" Massenet
Orchestra.
This evening another concert will be
given. The programme as arranged is as
follows, though one or two additions are
hinted at:
Overture, '•M.lgoon" Thomas
Orchestra.
Fantaisie ballet Pierne
M. Aime Laehaume.
Easter Eve Gounod
William H. Keith.
Concerto No. 2 (In D minor) Max Bruch
in 1 Ail.iglo ma nou troppo.
(6)' Recitative
(c) Finale, Allegro molto.
M. Achille Kivarde.
Adagletto et Scene Champetre (L'Arleslennei
Bizet
Orchestra.
(fit "Au Solr" Schumann
(6) Waltz CM. Widor
M. Alme Laehaume.
"Sanaa Maria" Faure
William H. Keith.
"Concerts! uclc Salnt-Paens
M. Achille Rlvarde.
"Tarantella" (All Nations) Moszkowslcl
Orchestra.
To-morrow night Morrison's famous
production of "Faust" will bs given. The
presentation is remarkable for its employ
ment of novel stage effects. Electricity
comes into play throughout the produc
tion. A cross starting into light by the
church wall daunts the fiend amidst his
loudest boastings. Flowers leap into glow
ing blossoms in the scene where Marguer
ite acknowledges her love.
Bat it is in the Brocken scene that the '
light effects appear to most advantage.
Fierce dragons pass through the air,
leaving a train of sparks behind, and a
veritable cataract of name descends at the
close between the uncanny people of the
"witches' Sabbath" and their fiery chief
on the mountain peak above. Mr. Bayle
Bernard of London, who dramatized the
piece, follows the original more closely
than many others.
One of the most notable effects is at the
; end of the first act, where Mephisto ex
ults over the capture of the soul of Faust,
when midst darkness and tbunder-bursts
1 the blazing cross appears over the cathe
dral doors. In the garden scene again,
where the flowers burst into bloom by
electricity, and the duel scene when Me
pliisto comes to the aid of Faust and the
flashing steel produces a pale-blue flame,
the effects are said to be startling in their
wild vividness.
At the Alcazar.
"Our Boys," Byron's great comedy, will
be the bill at Grover's Alcazar to-morrow
evening. The piece enjoys the record of a
four years' run in London, and there are
few celebrities on the dramatic stage who
havn not played in it.
The cast at the Alcazar will be good.
Miss May Noble will appear as the En
glish slavey; Mrs. Auzerais Hoyte will
have a part that will test her
capabilities, and Fanny Young will play
Mrs. Champneys. Carl Smith will make
his first appearance in the house as Sir
Geoffrey Champneys, Clyde Hess will be 1
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY 3, 1896.
Charles Midctlewick, and Leonard Grover
Jr. in another leading part should make
an exceptionally strong performance of
the principal comedy part of the butter
man.
-Mrs. Auzerais Hoyte's season has*
proved a brilliant success.
Matinees at the Alcazar are on Wednes
day, Saturday and Sunday, and popular
prices prevail.
Grand Opers-Honte.
A very elaborate production of "Vir
ginius' 1 is announced for the coming at
traction at this house, with the well-known
tragedian Edmund Collier in the title role.
Of Collier's personation a critic of the
day remarks: "It is a noble and com
plete piece of acting— full of high passion,
deep and delicate pathos, intense energy
both of conception and execution, and the
whole rounded off by a finished taste and
discrimination." The play follows closely
the history, except as to the manner of
Appius' death.
In brief follows the main incidents of
the play: Virginia, a free-born Roman
maiden and daughter of Virginius, has
been seen by Appius during her father's
absence at the camp, lieing seized with a
passion' for her, he unfolds his plans. to
Claudius, who seizes her in the street
and claims her as his slave. Icilius,
the betrothed - husband of Virginia, de
mands time, that he may inform her
father. Appius, thinking it impossible for
Virginius to return before the time set,
grants a limited time. Virginius arrives
at the last moment, and, with his daugh
ter, appears at the Forum. Through false
swearing Virginia is declared the slave of
Claudius. Virainlus, seeing that be is
powerless to save his child, and rather than
nave her fall into the hands of Appius and
to save her honor, seizes a knife and kills
her. He destroys Appius in a tit of tem
porary insanity and gives the catastrophe
the air of a visitation of Providence.
Bush-Street Theater.
The dear old Bush-street is going to
open its doors once more, and to nothing
less than grand opera. "Ernani" is to be
given by the ZLliani Operatic Club on the
14th inst., with a powerful cast and a cho
rus of forty voices. The prima donna so
prano—Mrs. Mauri— promises to be a sur
prise. She possesses a rare voice, silvery,
compact, full and well modulated. She
sings with pathos, reaches the highest
notes with ease and descends to the low
est register with equal facility.
The barytone and the basso, Messrs. A.
A. Corlim and P. Lafrancb, are pupils of
Ziliani. Borlini will portray Charles V
and Lafranch's powerful basso is already
known and appreciated. Dr. , Hodghead,
as Ernani, sings his part well ; the second
ary parts are excellent and the chorus
strikingly effective.
Next month, at the Bush-street Theater,
Miss May Keune will play "Camille," with
Mr. Dudlelgh Stanhope as Arrnand, sun
ported by an excellent company. Mr. K.
Levy ' and Mr. Kilgo and Miss Cummings
are in the cast, and rehearsals have been
going on for the last month.
At the Tlvoli.
"The Chimes of Normandy," which
have rung before from the Tivoli'a wings,
will sound again during the present week.
The piece is being very carefully prepared
and indications point to a successful sea
son.
1 "Bluebeard's" success was phenomenal
and there is talk of its being put on again.
An operatic ; version of "Uncle Tom's
Cabin is in preparation, which promises
to score a great hit.
The cast for the "Chimes" will be as
follows: .. , .
Germain, the lost Marchioness Carrie Roma
Berpoletie, the good lor nothing Kate March!
Gertrude "1 • . . ( .Anna bebnabel
Madeline..'...::. I™,,- Maids-;' "J - Stocki«eyer
Busanne..V. :.... j- Village Maias-j ... V era We rrten
Jeanne...... .... J • ► . 1.... ..1rene Mull
Henri. Marquis of Corneville John J. HaiTael
Jean orenlcbeux, fisherman Martin I'ache
(Jaspard, mi5er;:..:;....;..;.. IV rrls Hartman
8a11Me.. ....;...............;....... William H. West
Notary Fred Kavanagh
At the Orpheum. .'
The managers have a new company for
this afternoon's matinee. John W. Ran
sone, Charlotte Parry, the three Nightons,
Carr and Jordan, Morton' and Mack and
the Mimic Four are the most important of
the new people.
Ransone is already known "as a favorite
topical comedian : in - New' York, his
make-up and burlesque ' characterization
of Richard - Crokar, . the ■ Tammany
leader, having made him famous
there. ~ Miss -Parry comes heralded
as a worthy, compeer of Yvette Guilbert.
The Niehtons are , ring-performers and
aerial athletes ; Carr and Jordan have joined
laurels as singing comedians and dancers;
Morton and Mack are said to present Irish
comedy and vocal selections of the genuine
Erse type; and the Mimic Four are bur
lesquers and singers.
 Other strong features are promised, and
patrons of the big music hall may expect
a well-varied and 1 excellent bill. The
Hopkins' • Trans-oceanic Company leaves
for Los Angeles to-day. ■•'.
;V The Blind Prima Donna.
: Signonna . trela Belinfante's ■ concert
last night was a veritable treat Her voice
charms all who hear her. As will be no
ticed by the subjoined programme the
numbers were varied and exacting. In
each instance the "blind prima donna"
called forth salvos of applause. The gen
tlemen who took part did much to add
variety and interest to the entertainment.
The bill was as follows:
"lUlbro Santo" C. Plnsutt
...  . . SlgnorinaE. Beiinfante,
\ iclln obligato (by request)
,_.,,. B. Mollenhauer.
"Plaisir d' Amour" . . Martini
. . „ I* Y. Crcpaux.
Aria, "I*on Cognosclil Bel Sol" A. Thomas
„ „ Plßnortna K. Beiinfante.
JSapoli c Venezla, "Gondollera Tarantella".. .Liszt
Recitative and aria, "Cerco "il Mlo Ben Cosl '."
("Orfeo") Gluck
.. Slenorina E. Beiinfante.
"Nous Nous Almerons" Ch. L. Hess
,„ . _, L. Y. Crepaux.
"?fel Cor Pio" (duet for one violin) Paganlnl
..«.. ... B- Mollenhauer.
"Ob, Mlo Fernando" ("*avorlta") Donizetti
"lguorfna !•:. Beiinfante.
CORING CLUB CONCERT.
Celebration of Nineteen Tears of Active
Mn«lcal Work.
The Loring Club will complete it§ nine
teenth year of active musical work on the
evening of Monday, May 4, at the fourth
concert of the present season la Odd Fel
lows' Hall.
A particularly attractive programme has
been arranged for this concert. Among
the principal numbers is Dudley Buck's
"Chorus of Spirits and Hours" for tenor
solo and male voice chorus with accompa
niment of a quintet of strings, flute, piano
and organ.
By request the club will repeat Brewer's
beautiful setting of tbe'words, "Sing, sing,
music was given," for barytone solo, male
voice chorus and piano accompaniment
with obligati of violin and violoncello,
which was sung by them at the first con
cert of the present season. The pro
eramme also includes one of the double
choruses from Mendelssohn's "(Edipus at
Colonos" (which has not been heard in
San Francisco for five years), the cele
brated "Chorus of Dervishes," from
Beethoven's "Ruins of Athens." Franz
Abt's "Aye Maria" and other numbers.
The club wili have the assistance of
Mme. Seminario, soprano, and Bernat
Jaulus, who will play Joachim's two
Hebrew melodies for solo viola and piano
accompaniment. Mrs. Carmichael * Carr
will be the pianist and accompanist of the
evening, and the concert will be under the
direction of D. P. Hughes.
A Piano Recital.
Next Thursday evening Misses Hilda
Newman and Evelyn Henry will give a
piano duo recital in the Century Club
Auditorium. 1215 Sutter street. A pro
gramme of rare excellence is promised and
a treat anticipated. The affair is in charge
of Mrs. Selden J. Wright, Miss Geraldine
Bonner, Mrs. C. Elwood Brown. Mrs. W.
H. Mills, Mrs. Sig Greenbaum, Mrs. Alex
Outer, Mrs. Marian Norri?, Mrs. Louise
Humphrey-Smitn and Mrs. G. Law Smith.
Mrs. Carr's Concert.
There was a large eathering of musical
people in Golden Gate Hall last Thursday
night at the testimonial concert tendered
Mrs. Carmichael-Carr. The affair was
very pleasant, some of the numbers being
particularly good.
The Horse Show.
Crowds are filling the horse show, where
Professor Bristol's horses, mules and po
nies are performing. There are thirty
well-train d animals, whose feats are most
interesting. The entertainment will con
tinue during the week.
Local Dramutlc Notes.
There is to be a ble three division parade
by Primrose & West's Minstrels to-mor
row afternoon.
The sale of seats for Ada Rehan's en
gagement at the Baldwin will commence
Tuesday, May 12.
Hoyt's big company in "A Trip to Chi
natown" will follow Primrose & West at
the California Theater.
"A Trip to Chinatown" will be pr€sented
at the California Theater by the strongest
company ever put in one farce by Charles
Hoyt.
The singing of the church choir of Nu
rnmberg, as heard in the Morrison pro
duction of "Faust," is said to be a most
attractive and interesting feature.
In Morrison's "Faust" company William
D. Roberts plays Mephisto, Miss Olive
Martin plays Marguerite, Miss Annie
Lewis Sycorax and Mrs E. J. Vandenhoff
plays Zendoe.
William 11. Windom, with Primrose <£
West's Minstrels, Is one of th« great
est living altos. He has selected some of
his best numbers for rendition during his
stay in this City.
An early attraction of the Columbia
Theater will be the first performance here
of Amy Leeand Frank Doane in their new
comedy, written expressly by E. J. Swartz,
entileu "Miss Harum Scaruni."
The Rebekahs of the City have arranged
with the management of the Columbia
Theater for an entertainment, which is to
be given on Thursday evening, May 14,
the proceeds of which are to go to the I. 0.
O. F. Orphans' Home.
For the appearance of his company and
Ada Kehan at the Baldwin Theater
Augu'stln Daly will transport his complete
scenic outfit and accessories lor his remark
able repertoire, and the productions here j
will be identical with those given by Mr.
Daly at his theaters in New York and
London.
If negotiations do not fail, and from
present indications they will not, San
Francisco will very soon have the pleas
ure of seeing Loie Fuller in her entirely
new creation. The artist is arranging for
a tour of Australia and expects to appear
in this City before taking the steamer for
the Antipodes.
Theatrical Brevities.
"The Prisoner of Zenda" has proved one
of the most successful romantic plays pre
sented in America 'or some years past.
Chauncey Olcott, who is playing in Bos
ton to crowdbd houses, closes his season
May 23. His next tour begins August 2,
in San Francisco.
A company of fifty-three Australian
blacK? is touring Queensland under the
management of a Maori and giving a
profitable tent show.
Duse's entire American tour has been
postponed, owing to tue great actress'
severe illness. She intends sailing for
Italy as soon as her health will permit.
Manager Pitou closes the tour of his
"Mme. Sans Gene" company May 2. The \
next season of this organization, which
will include Kathryn Kidder and Augus
tus Cook, begins August 81, in San Fran
cisco.
Alexander Salvini is playing his annual
engsgement in Chicago at the Schiller
Theater. Next week he is to make known
hia long-talked-of production of "Othello,"
in which he will be seen for the first time
as the Moor.
Mr?. Henry Vandenhoff, whose portrayal
of the nurse in "Romeo and Juliet" at the
Grand Opera-house in 1890 is still remem
bered by San Franciscans, writes Thk Call
a pleasant letter from Portland, where she
is at present staying.
Aubrey Boucicault is probably one of the
most talented, as well as versatile, young
men on the stage to-day. Drama, tcomedy,
tragedy, comic opera and even burlesque
seem to fit him, and he certainly has a
very great future before him.
Sadie Martinot first played Moya in
"The Shaughraun" with Dion Boucicautt
in Dublin ten years ago. The audience
I did not take kindly to it at first, but after
several performances the theater was not
large enough to hold the people who
crowded to see the play.
Fay lempleton tells a story about E. E.
Rice, thoroughly characteristic of the
man. When "1492" was at the height of
its success. Rice took it for a week's tour
in New England. He divided his time be
tween a lot of small towns where he had
spent much time as a poor boy. "Was
the trip a success?" aaked Miss Temple
ton, when he returned to New York. "Oh,
yes," replied Rice, "I lost |3000 on the
week, but I got every cent they had. I'm
satisfied."
Deyo, the sprightly dancer of "Excel
sior Jr.," says that the best daucers are
those who have been well trained, no mat
ter where they come from. "Thought,
study, brain, sentiment, good health —
there you have a dancer," she added. "In
America everything ia lor one season. In
Europe you are in one place for many
years, and you have time to study and
perfect yourself. America is a great conn
try, but for the fine art of dancing it moves
too quickly to be thorough."
WAS LINCOLN'S FRIEND.
James D. Lomax, a Founder of
the Republican Party in Ohio,
Dies in This City.
He Went to Montana With the Vir
ginia City Rush and Afterward
Settled at Salt Lake.
James D. Lomax, aged 76 years, a native
of Ohio and one of the founders of the
Republican party in that State, a personal
friend of Abraham Lincoln and other
leading statesmen of that time, and a
Veteran of the Mexican War, who died at
131y Twenty-fifth street on Thursday, will
be buried at Laurel Hill Cemetery to
morrow.
The deceased came here from Salt Lake
City in 1890 and has since lived with his
daughter, Mrs. B. F. Steacy. He is the
stepfather of S. P. Carter. Besides three
stepsons and a daughter he leaves a widow
to mourn nis loss.
Mr. Lomax was a pioneer of Montana.
He went to that State long before it hart a
Territorial government. This was after
he had lost a fortune which he had ac
quired :n Ohio and Illinois. He was at
Virginia City. Mont., at the time when it
was a flourishing mining camp; one of the
great mining camps in the history of the
West. He served on the bench in the
turbulent days of Mcntana and always
upheld law and order with a firm hand.
"In 1869 Mr. Lomax removed to Salt Lftke
City, where he practiced law up to the
time of his coming to this City in IS9O.
The owl's eyes have no muscles by which
they can be moved. This deficiency is
atoned for by extraordinary flexibility in
the muscles of the neck, by which the owl
can move his head with incredible rapidity
in any direction.
The mammalia are the oniy inferior
animals which possess an external ear.
NEW TO-LAt- AMUSEMENTS.
Columbia"
THEATER.
: Fkixivlandeb, Gottlob&Co., Lassees&Managers
COMMENCING MONDAY
■ iJll -',; MAY : 4,.. : ,'; \i-^u
MATINEE SATURDAY.
MORRISON'S A
FAMOUS • >SL
SCENIC /Wk^K
DRAMATIC li^^^^^,
production Jbi^jgMESr
FAUST m
with its I«a1 | Mb
WONDERFUL 11 liljL i |H 3v
SCENIC, ELECTRIC P f|,|^ 'X SI J I
CALCIUM EFFECTS itil /SLfilO
■■■ ■ A/" v^a^-^'^ t-&
THE MARVELOUS " BROCKET " SCME
WITH GENUINE
FLASHES OF LIGHTNING
AND THE MAGIC RAIN OF FIRE,
PRODUCED HERE In ITS ENTIRETY
RESERVED SEATS
25C, SOC and 75 c.
rnitOLAfIOtR.«)TTLOD«» &■ u»MA.notwiAe«»--
grand iTfl-NlfiHTi
concert j;.u niun I !
A Magnificent Programme.
' The Great Spanish Violinist,
JC%.JL \s -£A.Jb~<- JL—^ Jf i
LACHAUME, Pianist.
KEITH, Barytone.
SPLENDJP ORCHESTRA OF 40 MEN.
H. J. STEWART, Couduo.or.
RESERVED SEATS— 2Sc, 50c, ?sc, 91.
To-morrow Night— Morrison's "FAUST." .
IT ~f~\' t /-FOR THETv
, MO! SANTA
jffi y : Th« nr»nrtest : Anil "W
yiJ : Picnic : |:H||/
M 11, :of the Season : ifllUd
fl : MOUNTAINS
.J. V THE FIRST ANNIVERSARY
and Family Picnic®
OF THE— > .
UNION PRINTERS'
MUTUAL AID SOCIETY
WILL BE HELD OX
THURSDAY .:..... MAY 21, 1896
At GCENWOOD PARK
- "i .: Santa Cms Mountains.
Tickets for the round trip (Including Park). SI. OO
Children (between 6 and 12 years) 50c
Tickets can be procured of : any member of the
Society, or at 606 Montgomery st., Boom 16, or at
the wharf on the morning of the Excursion. A
line Band of Music will accompany the Excursion.
The train will be made up 01' First-clasis Passen-
ger Coaches. Prizes for adults aud children. I
• ■ Boat leaves Oakland Kerry (narrow gntig»), foot
of Market St., at 8: 15 A. m. sharp. Returning,
train leaves Glen wood at 8:30 r. M. . ....
; THE AUDITORIUM.
Friedla'nder, Ootllob «t Co, Lessees and Managers
EVERY EVENING INCLUDING SUNDAY
MATINEES 3
. , Thursday, Saturday,. Sunday.
BRISTOL'S HORSE SHOVVI
The Finest School of Educated Horses In the '
. ■- ■ ■ ;:.,,:_ ■: . : . , World. ; :■ . ; . •.
; . .Seats— -15c, 35c and 50c. '
.' CHILDREN AT MATINEES 10c
NEW TO-DAY— AMUSEMENTS. . . .^ j;_^^_^ ;. ..^.J,, -!-^J^.
""aThayman ¥co7s theaters.
affiSnil MONDAY EVENING, MAY 4, i \
.. ll^l-. Every Night, including Sunday. Matinee on Saturday.
comedian. The Strange
Oonncclisin* . . ■ ; -85 :• ..
EDDIE Adventures of
FOY. Miss Brown.
MANAGEMENT OF WM. A. BRADY. ' *.- ■"
ABSOLUTELY THE FUNNIEST PLAY OF THE CENTURY. '1
h.atth*,. TOUfIIT! ROLAND in "THE
I CALIFORNIA J Last Time! REED m POLITICIAN!"
TO-MORROW (MONDAY) NIGHT, •
PRIMROSE
S and WEST'S
Big Minstrels.
40 Whites-3O Blacks in All.
3 BIG BRASS BANDS.
LOOK OUT FOR THE BIG STREET PARADE MONDAY. . • '
O'Farrell Street, bet. Stockton and Powell. '■.
CtIIHCDK AT TODAY'S (801111) MITISEE, MAY 3.
Debut of a Magnificent and Entire NEW COMPANY.'
SO — OelelDir^vted Artists! — 2O
FAMOUS EUROPEAN AND EASTERN ATTRACTIONS!
JOHN W. RANSONE,
"The Kulerof New York," the World's Greatest Topical Comedian.
CHARLOTTE PARRY, i
' The American Yvt-tte Guilbert, In Imitations of All the Famous Actresses and Actors of the Day.
The 3 NIGHTONS-3
Sensational European Aeriallsts.
CARR and JORDAN,
Brilliant Farce Comedy Sketchlsts.
MORTON and MACK,
Irish Comedians. Bagpipe Players and Dancers.
THE MIMIC FOUR,
.. Burlesque Musical and Singing Comedians. *• .
AND A GREAT VAUDEVILLE COMBINATION.
MATINEE PRICES ; ... I EVENING PRICES ;--
Parquet, any seat, i!sc; Balcony, any seat, 10c: I Reserved Seats, 25e; Balcony, 10c: Opera Chain "
Children, 10c. any part. ''•■■ ""' — ■••- -■»••» 1 | and Box Scats, 50c. ,' -;>«■..-•' .'-.>
MOROSCO'S GRAND OPERA-HOUSE. :
The Handsomest Family Theater in America.
WALTER MOKOSCO Sola Lessee and Manager
TO-MORROW EVENING ------ - - MONDAY, MAY 4.
ANNOUNCEMENT EXTRAORDINARY! I
,■;■:'." AMERICA'S LEADING TRAGEDIAN, . • • .-.
EID^IXJ3SriD KZ. COLLIER, •
Supported by a select Cast from our own Company, -.. -
— IN" A. r»H!K,P'E3OT PRODUCTION OF— - : _?'
VIRGINIUS!
PRESENTED WITHOUT REGARD TO COST..
OUR USUAL POPULAR PRICES. ki V; : P\ . -
A
JSOZ// ALCAZAR
MATISEE To-Day— Prices : 25c, 15c, 10c.
"MY SON^l[N-LAWr
■ TO-MORROW—
Byron's Record-breaker, ;
BOYS!
An Admirable Cast. ..
Best Seats 50c, 85c, 250, 15c and 10c.
| Matinees— Wed., Saturday, Sunday. .25c, ISc, 10c.
I ' — " ~
SHOOT THE CHUTES |
AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
? Open To-Day from 10 AJ. to
11 P. M.
THIS AFTERNOON!
Daring: Balloon Ascension and Para-
chute Drop by
UEIIjA. ADAIR !—-
The highest-salaried aeronaut in the world.
ADMISSION (Adults) 10 CENTS. :
CHIXDRFN-ADMISSION, Be: CHUTES, sc.
Ladles— Weekday Afternoons. 6&
BENEFIT CONCERT
1 ; IN AID OF THE
NEWSBOYS' HOME.
TUESDAY EVENING, MAY 5, 1896,
Y. M. C. A. AUDITORIUM.
SAX FRANCISCO MIXED QUARTET—
i Miss Millie Klynn, Miss Lena Carol Nicholson,
Mr. Willis E. Bacheller, Mr. Thomas Rlckard.
- Constance Jordan. Accompanist.
MR. V. A. H. HOFFMEYER... .Pianist
MH. LOUIS FINISHER, ..Humorist
MISS PEARL N08LE.................. ...Cornet
MISS MAUD N08LE........;...; ... . Trombone
MISS LILLIAN. FEATUERJSTON
".'.-"... '..■...: — .:..". Accompanist
TICKETS-50C, 75c and 81. 00,
For sale at Sherman & Clay's and at T. M. C.
.Association Building. -■
MACDONOUGH THEATER
(OAKLAND).
. One Night Only— To-morrow (Monday),
ROLAND ..EKIj
Ana Company In the Satirical Comedy, •
••THE ro^iTiCl Nl". -
Secure seats now. ." : Prices 25c to 91.
MACDONOUGH THEATER
•-■ ;. (OAKLAND).
Bix Nights ........ Begin nine NEXT TUESDAY,
THE GREAT ZANZICS!
Thk White Mahatmas. .
Reserved seats— 2sc, 35c and , 50c. No higher.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE
Mas. UuxuxT is 11 Kbklinq, Proprietor & Maaasar
TO-NIGHT " '- : '. --
LAST ITXOHHCT' OX»
The Brilliant Spectacular Extravaganza,"'-
-" B L U E JB E A R D I"
TO-MOKROW EVENING ..•
Sosnic Revival of : : •
"THE CHIMES OP SOKIUDT."
SKATS NOW ON SALE. t;
LOOK OUT FOR
"UNCLE TOM'S CABIN!" "'•
The Favorite Story In an Operatic Setting. '.'
Popular Prices— 2sc and sOc. •
TAKE A SWIM! >
sutroTbathsi
OUR SEASIDE RESORT. : '
SATURDAY AND SUNDAY. ; -
EXCITING SWIMMING RACES I
JAPANESE TROUPE- !-' *
WATER CLOWN! -* '■* v-
DOUBLE CONTORTIONIST!
Military.Concert byj-irst Regiment Band.
General Admission, Adults 25c." *'
Children sc. 't.
After 6 P. M. Daily-General Admission
- •Including: Bathing Tickets *'
Adults, ggc. Children. 15c. *
PACIFIC COAST V .
JOCKEY CLUB
(Ingleside Track). j*'
FIVE OR MORE RACES DAILY.
(RAIN OR SHINE.) '
FIRST' RACE AT 2:00 P. H. : r
. ADMISSION 91.00.
Take Southern PaclHc trains at Third and Town- '
send streets Depot, leaving at i«: 40 and 115 r m
Fare for round trip, Including admission io grand
stand. «x. lake Miaslon-atreot electric lino dlroo*
to track.
A. B. BPRKCKELSI W l , akp
1-resident. ___ »££&»
: PICNICS AND EXCURSIONS. I
EL CAMPO, ' *
■ THE POPULAR BAY RESORT.
Now Open Every Sunday During the Season.
nt^r Bl^ I*1 '*" 0 ' 11 * 1 Bow »nB. BoaUng, fishing and
Fare ro^nrt c , n , lle nt. t »g»shme«s at city prioes.
wn. , Tl * E STEA URIAH ,*
•/ Jin ! a J c J Ub A lron F *"y x " :S 0 a. *.. 1SS:1O p. *
i^l. P 3andsP. U i ninS lMV ° El mp ° IUX *"'■'■■:]' y ■•Greeting}- '•'.'• . Vr-1 '»
-.'. I-.-' ■ ; ;1> ' Be 'merry to-day—
.'• •:. •'.- ". '. . :'.• 's May i 'Tls May !
■ - ■.■_-' . Frolic and play:
■ ". ■' "■ :.- -'Be glad, be gay.
•.: .- ■••-; ■• The brook; bubbles with glee
;•• ■ • .. •" As he laughs on his way;
•■ ' • The dear-little birds, '
.•.-.'-■.;. -.So happy; so free,
. .'■: " : '•••;. ■ "*■ Trill.a" joyous roundel ay.
,•.;.■ •Tis May. 'Tis May! " ' .
- . . ■ . "■ : As the flowers Deep forth
■'■•'-•■ The'r see^ri"'to say :
. ■ : . ;'■.•. "Rejoice, be happy, •
...-■';••' "'• Be triad ■to-day.
' "■:.■- '■■'■ .'■ ■'. 'Tis Mayl .'Tis May'"
• The origin of htxe name of this, the fifth
.month of the year, is wrapped in mystery.
: /as are so many other things we should like
■ to.feel sure abont.
;. '.••One "vrr.iter suggests that the name was
' taken from the names of a certain two of I
the old Roman paters or fathers, or from j
the name of the 1 mother ot the god Mer
cury, "Maia," as on the first day of this
: ."month * the Romans were in the habit of
■ sacrificing to this goddess.
' : In the ' Roman Catholic church the
month of May is sacred to Mary, the
• .mother of Jesus. '£•'.
■'■ ■ The blossom o.f the hawthorn tree, whose
'-/ sentiment is hope, is the flower for May,
.arid its delicate beauty and fragrance have
' many times been the theme of sons and
• story.. •• -.":'■".';.•'
■ With a sweet consistency, in order to
'• preserve perfect happiness during her
brief reign, '"May" has chosen for her
jewel the "brilliant green emerald.
Just think! .Almost 100 stories about
• Vthelittle girl and her dog." All so good,
.. so weir written and original in plot, that
.it was extremely difficult to select any
best ones, but at last eighteen were chosen.
Then 'two of • these, one by Arthur Suy
■ den and one by Ethel . Ferguson, were
written on both sides of the paper, so, of
course, these cannot be published just
;. now, as 1 have, hot time to rewrite them.
The others will be published, as there is
• room. ■.'■■'- :..•
-. • .Tne' children of the St. Elmo School,
. 'San Bernardino, and of the Primary School
■in- Columbia, wrote very pretty little
.-■; stories for- such young children.
■••.; " ■ . ' Xaughty Max. - ■
.. Little Ethel had a dog whom she called I
Max. Mai was a fox-terrier, and Ethel
'.thought a great deal of him. One Christ
. mas" -Uncle. Fred gave Ethel a beautiful
•doll, whom she named Frederica for the
•'giver.- Frederica had long golden hair
that hung in curls to her waist, and blue
' eyesthat would close when Ethel wished
• her.to sleep/ Ethel's' mamma told her
that she must; .keep .this doll a long time.
Ethel .promised, and for many nights
Fred'erica was put to bed and taken up,
dressed and carried down to the breakfast
.table in the morning. Ethel never went
• to a party that. she did not take Frederica.
Thus she kept her six months, and the j
. doll was as good as new.
•" One "time Ethel was invited out in the
. evening to a "party. Thinking: it not
•' proper that' ope so young as Frederica
. WHAT J LORI SAW WHEN IN SEARCH OF THE FAIRIES.
CHILHOOD`S REALM
| should go out at night she kissed her and
put her to bed. She usually looked to see
that Max was put out before she put
Fredorica to bed, for there was nothing
better in the opinion of this young puppy
than to hide and tear up things. It hap
pened that to-night, being a little excited,
Ethel did not make tiie usual search to
make sure that Max was not in, and as it
happened that he was in, under the sofa,
and saw tbe doll put to bed, so that Ethel
left her doll, Fraderica, in much peril.
After his mistress had left the room Max
crawled from under the sofa, and not very
gently lifted the much beloved doll out of
the cradle and carried it from tbe room.
j Ethel went to the party and enjoyed
I herself, and being tired when she came
j home she did not go to see how Frederica
was. The next morning wben she went to
dress Frederica the doll was nowhere to
be found. She at first thought that per
haps in her excitement on the previous
evening she had neglected to put ber to |
bed, and yet she was quite sure she had.
Anyhow, she would look and see where
her doll was. But after she had searched i
tho whole house she began to feel afraid
that doliie was lost, for no Frederica could
she find. Bnt where was she lost? No I
one would have taken her. Ethel went to I
the breakiast table with a Bad face. After i
breakfast mamma searched and still no
doll could be found.
APPEARANCES ARE OFTEN DECEITFUL.
All this time Ethel noticed that Max
looked rather sheepish. Could he have
torn Frederica up? The thought made
her almost cry. At last she gave way to
her tears. She cried and cried, and
mamma said that if Frederica was not
found in a week she would buy her
another doll just the same. This com
forted the little girl a little, but "no other
doll could be to her what Frederica had
been," she told ber mamma.
As three days passed and still Frederica
could not be found Ethel almost gave up
every thought of ever seeing her doll
again. If Max had torn the dear doll up
there would be some indication of it. They
would rind the hair or the bits of her gown
and body. But none of these did they
lind.
The week passed away and still no doll.
It was Saturday afternoon, and mamma
and Ethel were going downtown to buy
the promised doll to take tbe place of
Frederica. Ethel went into the closet to
get her street dress. It was not hanging
up. There was the dress she had worn to
the party on the evening ehe lost
Frederica. but -her street dress was not
there. "Oh! there it is on the floor," she
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY 3, 1896.
' t4itf <i by DAitwljjcffiUJi
said to herself. It had fallen off tbe hooks,
so she picked it up, and under it what did
she see? Why her own Frederica. Bbc
lifted her up with a squeak of joy.
Yes, it was Fredeiica, somewhat worse
i for beinc in Max's care, but smiling as
j sweetly as when Ethel last saw her. She
I carried the recovered doll to her mother
j and told her how she had found it.
"It must have been Max," said mamma.
"It must have been," rejoined Ethel.
She scolded Max severely, end he looked
very much ashamed, and I don't doubt
that he was. But one thine is certain
he never touched Ethel's dolls again.
Mamma had the hairdresser curl Fred
, erica's hair, and she is now as pretty as
ever. Minnie W. Cclvee.
Age 12 years.
Naughty Max.
It was little Annie who laid her doll
carelessly on the floor when her mother
called ber to take the milk. Aunie took
the milk and started to run, but she
i stumbled over the doorsill, the pitcher
broke and the milk ran all over the floor.
Annie rose slowly to her feet, then ran to
j her mother and told her of the sad mis-
I hap. Her mother said, "she ought t^
have been more careful." Annie dried
her tears and ran to play with her doll
again, but what did she find? Little
| pieces of ber doll's clothes scattered all
over the room! "Naughty Max." said
Annie, bursting into tears, as she saw
guilty Max standing beside her and pre
tending not to see her. He anew he was
guilty, and that evening Annie did not
play with him as usual for a punishment.
Roy E. Thompson, 9 years.
Benicia, Cal., April 15, 1896.
"Naughty Max."
Ellen was busy dressing her doll when
her mother told ber to get a pail of
water. "I don't want to," said Ellen
crossly; but her mother was busy se wing
and she bad to obey. "Well, I suppose I
must go." and Bhe threw ncr doll on tbe
floor, rushed oat of the room, slamming
the door behind her.
All this time Ellen's little dog, Max. was
lying under the table, and when he saw
Ellen throw her doll on the floor he thought
it would be a fine plaything. He shook
the doll until her eyes dropped out and
her dress was in rags. When bethought
he bad had enough fun he crept under the
table and went to sleep. Soon Ellen came
in and saw her doll. "You naughty dog,"
she cried, 'you shan't have any dinner Tor
doinp this," and after shutting him ud in
the closet ran off to tell her raotner.
"It served you right, for if you had been
a good girl it could not have happened,"
said her mother. "I do not think Max
was so niucii to blame as you were."
Eva Kennedy,
Goodyear's Bar, Sierra County, Cal.
Naughty Max.
Palo Alto, Cal., April 16, 1896.
When I was a very young puppy
and my little mistress was a few years
younger than she is now, her Aunt
Helen Bent her a nice new doll and
she was careless and left her doll on the
floor, and I came and took it in my
mouth. I got hair tangled around mv
teeth, I got sawdnst up my nose, and I
swallowed a foot. Oh, how 1 sneezed and
choked, and my little mistress gave me a
whipping.
Verdell E. Jones, age 7 years.
Dolly and I>ai»v.
Daisy is the name of a lovely dear doggie
whom I know. One Sunday she had five
pretty little puppies, and oh! how she just
loved them. All day long she patted and
talked to them, and made a nice soft bed
for them to sleep in. One afternoon when
her little mistress came home from school
Daisy ran to meet her and cried as if her
heart would break. On going to her bed
tbe little girl saw there were no pretty
puppies there, instead everything was
thrown around, and tbe poor mother
looked up at her as much as to say, "Where
are they?" The little eirl went to ncr
mother and said:
"Mamma, the puppies are all gone. And
Daisy is crying for them. Do yon. know
where they are?"
••Well, dear, maybe the butcher took
them wben he came this morning."
Now what did the butcher want with
little doggies? Can you tell what be did
with them?
Poor Daisy did not eat anything for a
whole week, only sat and cried and cried
and cried, and Emily, her little mistress,
cried with her. But the puppies never
came back and every one had given up
looking for them. Mamma said, "They
must nave gone to Bologna." Where is
that, I wonder?
One day Emily missed her doll, and her
mamma said, "Perhaps she has gone after
the puppies." She looked every place,
but no doll could be found. Neither could
we find Daisy, so we started out to search
for tnem.
" Dolly and Daisy, Daisy — Daisy —
Daisy," we called and all of a sudden up
came the dog wagging her tail and bark
ing with joy, as much as to say, " I have
it." We lollowed her to her bed. and
there was the doll, bnt what a state she
was in ! There were five pieces instead of
one! arms off, legs off, and the paint gone
from her face by Daisy licking it, and the
dog would not let us touch her, but just
Jay down and put her paw over the broken
doll. I wonder can dogs count? and if not,
why did she make five pieces of the doll?
Mamma said if the butcher comes again he
will think there are more puppies and will
take them to Frankfurt. I have looked
in my geography and cannot find either
Bologna or Frankfurt, yet they cannot
be far away, because the butcher comes
from there every morning.
Makie Chesworth.
Dear Editor: I send this in answer to
picture in Sunday's Call and hope it will
be published. My mamma has been tak
ing your faper since lone befure I was
born. I like your children's page very
much. Your little reader,
Marie Chesworth, 11 years old.
What Flora Saw When In Search of
the Fairies.
[Continued from last Keek,]
The next morning Flora was again
ready to go in search of the fairies. She
told her mother that she felt quite sure
that the birds could have enlightened her,
as they traveled a great deal, and, if they
but used a little observation, ought to
know considerable about the world. "But,
mamma, i have been reading up the sub
ject again, and I find that flowers are a
favorite haunt of these dainty creatures.
My story-book tells how the queen of the
fairies dances on the flower-tops, without
injuring them in the least, and frequently
we read of their sleeping in gently waving
fragrant blossoms, and many other pretty
tales in which fairies and flowers are asso
ciated."
Her mother approved the plan of search
ing among flowers for the illusive crea
tures, so Carlo and she again started forth,
this time taking the hillside as the scene
of her search.
"Here are bright yellow poppies," she
exclaimed. "Surely their golden cups are
fit abodes for queens."
Flora approached with considerable
awe, co sure was she that she had found
her desire at this first step. Bowing be
fore this gem of flowers she whispered,
"Oh. beautiful escnscholtzia. can you tell
me where dwells the queen of fairies?"
She listened long for an answer, but tbe
only sound she heard W3s the throbbing; of
her own little heart. Carlo's low whine
finally caused her ta arise. Giving him a
hug for his sympathy they again resumed
their search.
"I see the purple Larkspur. Maybe tho
fairies come hither to secure dye for their
royal robes. We can but fail, so I shall
again try my luck.
"Then I shall seek yonder sweet pea,
whose clinging tendrils would so beauti
fully deck their summer bowers.' :
Flora was obln-ed to turn away from
both of these unsatislied, but just then she
thought of a little flower, a veritable fairy
itself, ana a happy smile lighted her sweet
face.
Trudging along, she soon espied it, hid
den among the grass, the dear little yellow
and black blossom. "Ah, here you are,
my 'Johnny .lump-Up.'
"Can yon tell me anything concerning
the whereabouts of the fairy folk?"
In vain she waited for an answer, but
none came.
"Carlo, even ray dearest little wood
friend has failed me," she said, with a
sigh, as she turned away.
"Well, let us rest awhile under this
spreading buckeye before we proceed fur
ther up the hill, and while we do so we
may hear or see something of importance.
Why, this may be the very spot where they
holii high carnival, so let us search for
footprints.
•*I have a new scheme. Carlo, suppose
you try your luck. Ask that beautiful
wild rose to tell us of the midnight festivi
ties here held forth. Ah, there now. I
have crushed that dainty little sisyrin
cluim and it might have told me much."
Carlo begged to be excused, with plead
ing look and a low bark, as much as to say
"1 came only as protector, not as spokes
man."
After a few moments' rest the little girl
felt impatient to be off, and as she and
Carlo ascended the hill they came to a bed
of pretty creamcni>s. So delighted was
Flora with their delicate beauty that for
an instant she forgot al) about fairies and
their abode, but only for a moment. Lean
ing over the dainty flowers she begged
them to tell her 'f they were not cup-bear
ers to the elves and fays.
As the gentle wind went floating by
they nodded their heads in assent, but no
further information could the child ob
tain. "1 shall try Just once more," and
she started in search of a little sylvan
friend which she knew was likely to be
found in the shade of the majestic oak on
the brow of the hill. "There you are, my
sweet, sweet baby- blue-eyes! Surely you
will not disappoint me."
Then kneeling confidingly beside them
she asked ber oft-repeated question in
caressing tones. But, alas, even the
Nemophila seemed in league with the
fairies to keep their secrets from this earn
est child.
"Come, Carlo, it is perfectly useless for
us to spend more time to-day. I think
tbe flowers might really give us some in
formation, yet I must say I respect them
for their fidelity. To-morrow we shall try
again to ascertain the whereabouts of
these little elves." Alice Sill.
(Concluded next Sunday.)
A Jolly Sunbeam.
A slender sunbeam lost his way
Upon tbe nursery floor.
He fell into corners and slipped Into nooki,
Had mishaps by the score.
Yet somehow or other, all the time
He was merry as a grig,
For little Ted, wlili a bit of glass,
Was making him dance a jig.
O. H. h., in Youth's Companion.
Tbe boy stood in the cable-car,
He scorned to hold a strap,
The car went round a curve, and ho
.-at in somebody's lap.
DONALITSEBIES.
Donald's mamma had undressed her lit
tle son, and as she was going out of the
room to get a fre3h sweet nightie to pat on
the dainty form, before it was placed in
among soft pillows, she said, "While mam
ma is gone, dear, eather np your clothes,
shake them and place them neatly on the
rack."
"Yes, mamma," answered the child,
without a thought of what she had said.
On mamma's return what did she see?
Instead of clothes neatly folded across a
rack to air she saw shoes, stockings, blouse
and trousers scattered pellmell over the
room, Donald in the midst in the act of
throwing his necktie under the bed at an
imaginary foe.
"Why, Donald, what are you doing?"
"Havfhg a war with the "Indians, mam
ma."
"Bnt, Donald, didn't 1 tell you to do
something for me?" asked mamma, in a
very sad way.
"Oh, mamma, I forgot," pleaded the boy,
with arms thrown around her neck.
"My darling, that is not a good excuse."
"Well, mamma," quickly answered
Donald, "do not blame me; blame God,
he made my forget."
PUZZLES
puzzues
■ ' I. Five hundred becins It,' •
.Five hundred ends It,
The firs; of all letters,
■I'll" first ot all figures! . . : ,
Take up their station between. '
My whole was a King
Of very great fame. -
- - »■ Would you Know whom?
You here have his name. "
Contributed by Jeanie Cohen.
11. I am a word of letters five, and mean a
"fixed look." Transpose my letters, and I be
come a "flower." Transpose" again, and I be
come "weeds." Once more, and lam a sign of
sorrow.
111. lam a word of two parts— My first Is al
ways honest and steadfast to friend and foe
the same; my second is busy and wise; his ex
amples you should follow. Yet, strange to
say, my whole runs away from school.
Pi.
IV. Goolldinceku ssyararoomll
w e ddd 11 her am raws y e oous an hd 11 f h
pscrpi ci ea co el c h al ob if ob Id wcsr f 1 c d
resrisetreeif hhc nad 1 a d hold.
Popular Melody.
Correct answers for April 26: .
I. (a) Under a spreading chestnut-tree
The village smithy stands: ■
The smith, a mighty man Is be, •
With large and sinewy bands;
And the muscles of his brawny arms
Are strong as Iron bands.
(b) Longfellow Is the author.
11. May.
111. (a) Auburn, . (b) When he is a plague,
(c) Because it is Sun-day, (d) When it is plaited
(pleated).
IV. Inch-chin. .
V. Mayday and Decoration day. .
Correct answers to all or a majority of the
puzzles for April 19— Received from Irene A.
Moore, Herman Borchers and Jeanie Cohen.
For April 26— Jean S. Johnston, Alice Bell,
Hilda Lippi, Mabel Chestnut, Julia Derby,
Walter Richards, Laura A. and Kate Sabbats-
Chan and Franklin Murray.
Your editor is always pleased to receive con
tributions of riddles, puzzles, stories and
poems from the little readers of Childhood's
Realm. ;•■,</■.•> • . , ■■. •.
Fire Fancies.
When the flames are running riot,
Pictures come before our eyes; .
Never steady, never quiet,
Magic palaces arise; * "'
. Now a goblin, now a fairy,
Here an elf and there a gnome;
Then a dream-boat, white and airy.
Drifting on a sea of foam. • • ■ <• *>
All the tales that one remembers—
Dragons, witches, captive dames-
Gleam together In the embers
And the flashing of the flames.
Bits of sunny summer playtime.
While enchantments of the snow.
Memories of night and daytime,
Lightly come and swiftly go.
Last a train of cars, full freighted
With departing fairy souls.
Cracks and roars as if belated.
Hushing o'er a bridge of coals.
Then the gold light turns to umber,
And with soft and stealthy tread
Comes the Sandman, bringing slumber,
.Now it's time to go to bed !
—St. Nicholas. ] |
San Francisco, April 10, 1896.
Dear Editor: My papa takes The luii.y Call,
and every Sunday I have the children's page,
which 1 enjoy very much. I am a native
daughter, and was born in this rity eleven
years ago. I hope my answers to your puzzles
are right. Hoping to see this in next Sunday's
papt-r, I remain, yours truly, Hazel Bell.
3608 Sixteenth street.
Dear Editor: Papa has taken The Cam. for
many years, and since you commenced the
Children's Kea'.m I have taken pleasure in
reading it. What a variety of opinions among
us children ! I am a little girl, It) years old, and
1 livf on .-tHiiyan street. 1 enjoy gathering
wildflowers. 1 am a California girl, and of course
my favorite wildfiower Is the poppy. I have
gathered a great many popples, arid I will
send you a few of what I have pressed in this
letter. And you can get beautitul poppies out
by the park; they are of different colors— some
are of an orange color, and some are a butter
color. So I will close my little letter. Your
little friend, Lydia Walkvp.
San Rakakl, April 19, 1896.
Dear Editor: We take The Call and J am
much pleased with the children's page. This
is my first letter to you.
I hope all tho stories about "Naughty Max"
will be in the paper next Sunday. And I
should be pleased if you would be kind
enough to put my story in the paper if you
have room. Your little friend,
May Isabell Gobs, age 13 years.
April 21, 1896.
Dear Editor: My papa has just started into
take The Weekly Call. Mamma showed me
the "Childhood's Realm." I seen tho other
little girls and boys writing stories and I
thought I would write about the little girl and
her doggie Max. Also lam going to try some
of the puzzles. I must close my short letter.
I remain your little friend,
I am 10 years old. Irene a. Moore.
San Francisco, April 19, 1896.
Dear Editor: My papa tnltes The Call. lam
so glad, for I like to read the pretty stories,
puzzles and letters. I cannot wait until the
Sunday's paper comes to see the new puzzles.
We have taken The Call steady for twenty
four years- If lam not successful with this
letter I will try again, but hoping I shall see
my little letter published In next Sunday's
paper, your little friend,
Laura 13 years.
San Francisco, April 19.
Dear Editor: My mamma takes The Call,
and I enjoy reading "Childhood's Realm"
very much.
This is the first letter I have written and I
hope it will be published.
For my pets I have a dog, a cat and two ca
naries which sing very sweetly.
I am in the fifth grade of the Broadway Gram
mar School.
I am very glad you are publishing "Donald
Series" again, because I like to read them very
much. The story of Donald's china doll in
The Call to-day is very amusing. This is all I
shall write. From your loving friend,
Lillie A. Maskow, age 9 years.
Soith San Francisco, April 26, 1896.
Dear Editor: I am a little boy 11 years old.
Thin is my first letter to The Call. Every
Sunday morning as soon as I am dressed I run
for the Childhood's Realm. Sometimes my
mamma hides it so I cannot find it. I have
never tried any puzzles yet. I go to the South
San Francisco School. I am iv the fourth
trraile. My teacher's name is Mis 9 Morrison.
I think 1 will close now, hoping to see my
letter iv next Sunday's Call. From your little
friend, John Dirks.
West Berkeley. Cal., April 20, 1896.
Dear Editor: I am a little gin 7 years old.
My papa is the proprietor of the American
Brewery. He takes The Call and I like to read
the chiUren's page every Sunday. Igo to the
Columbia School. lam in the fourth grade,
and my teacher's name is Miss Hastense. I
have no brother or sister, but I have three
little cousins in San Francisco and they come
to see me very often, so I am not lonesome.
They stay with me in vacation, and we go out
picking wildflowers and catching frogs and
fishes in the creek. Josephine Raspiller.
Berkeley. Cal., April 21, 1896.
Dear Editor: We have been working out the
puzzles in Sunday's Call and I hope the an
swers I send arc right. I am a Berkeley boy
and atteu i the Le Conte School. My teacher
is Miss Gompertz. The boys asked the prin
cipal if we could have a half holiday to see the
baseball match between Berkeley IT. C. and
Stanford. I hope Berkeley will win. My
brother and I sing in the St. Mark's choir.
Yours truly, Clayton Pauli.
San Francisco, April 15, 1896.
Dear Editor: My mother and father take The
Call and I keep waiting all the week for Sun
day to come, as I like to read all the letters
and work the different puzzles. I remain,
AUGUSiA Williams.
Ban Francisco, Cal., April 20, 1896.
Dear Editor: My papa has taken The Call for
six years, and I enjoy very much reading the
children's page on Sundays. lam 12 years old
and have three brothers and three sisters. I
hope I will see ray letter In next Sunday's
Call. Yours trnly, jennktte Robep.tson.
San Francisco, Cal., April 12, 1896.
Dear Editor: You were very kind to put my
letter in The Cau. to-day. The first thing I
did when 1 got up was to bring in the paper
and look for my letter. I was so afraid It was
not there, but at last I found it. Igototbe
Edison School, and I am in the fourth grade. I
have to study real bard so as to get promoted.
I have three cats, and one of them has a little
kitten. The other day my auntie was
going to fix a nice bed for it and let it out for a
"sun bath." But the mother thought my
auntie was going to drown it, so she took it
under the house and did not bring it out yet. I
was very angry, too. But I could not bear to
whip her. She is a very gentle little cat, and I
"DO YOU LOVE BUTTER?"
call her Nip. She Is only three years old and
never scratches iinybodv. 1 hay* another cat,
and he does nothing but eat and sli-cti. 1 <l"
not care much for him. His name is Tom. This
is a long letter, so I must stop. Hoping to see
my letter iv The Call next Sunday, I am yours
truly, Mabel F. Twat.
Pan Fraxosto, April 21, 1896.
Dear Editor: I now take the time in sending
you these few lines. As I am a little boy of
1 2*-j years old, I am In the fifth grade at the
Edison School. I read everything in the "Child
hood's Realm" from the top of the page to the
bottom of the page and try to find out what tin
answers lo the puzzles are. 1 am at one now
and I think I will have it ready for noxt .Sun
day's paper. I like the "Childhood's Realm. ''
and there are some very nice stories in that |
page. The children of the Hdison School havf '
a j>aper called The Children's News. It is made i
up of a few small parts. I hope that all tin
little children who read my little letter will
aak their teacher if they can have a paper like j
our little Children's News. As my Iftter is
growing long, I will close. Hoping to Bee my
letter in print in next Sunday's paper, I am
yours truly, Thomas Vavgha.n.
1118 Twenty-third street.
The Kinerald.
This beautiful stone is of a brilliant green,
being inferior in value only to the diamond
and ruby. It is classed with the beryl and is
transparent or translucent.
The very finest emeralds are found in South
America, Siberia and India.
This stone wbs very highly prized by the an
cients and was supposed to possess' certain
virtues, such as being good for ihe eyes and to
drive away evil spirits. if. \V. R.
The Wonder* of Transposition.
The word "time"' admits of a very pecu
liar arrangement of its letters. The four j
letters of the word, transposed and read
backward and forward and up and down,
give us four perfect English and Latin
words. It is said to be the only word in
oar language that will admit of so many
transpositions and arrangements. Note
the oddity in the square below:
T I M 1 :
ITEM
,ME T I
EMIT
The above words, in English, as well as
in Latin, are all complete, and the curious
part of it is, that reading them backward
and forward and up and down gives the
same result that transposing the letters in
the original word does. Their significance
as Latin words is as follows: Tiaie. fear
tbou ; item, likewise; meti, to be meas
ured ; emit, he buys.— St. Louis Republic.
Circumstance* Alter Cases.
The late Judge Snell was verjj fond of
croquet-playing, ana when not busy with
his official duties, could almost always be
found with mallet in hand, engaged in his
favorite game. One morning, while pre
siding over the Police Court, a young boy
was brought before him charged with
playing ball in the street. The policeman i
who arrested the boy swore he had caught j
him in the act.
"Fine the boy $5," said the Judge. I
"This ball-playing on the street must be !
stopped."
The boy's father was present, and sug
gested to the Judge that he would like to
question the policeman a little before the
fine was imposed, so Judge Snell ordered
the policeman into the witness-box again.
After a little close questioning, the officer
FLOWERS OF MAY.
[Reproduced from the Yoxith'a Companion.]
finally admitted that the boys were play
ing ball on a vacant lot, and this boy had
knocked the ball out into the street.
"MaKe that Hue $2, Mr. Clerk," said
Judge Snell; "the case is not -quite so bad
as I thought it was."
"But, your Honor," said the boy's
father," a game of croquet in which a high
court official was engaged, and I saw that
official spitefully, knock his opponent's
ball clear across the street, and "
"lake off that other $3, Mr. Clerk. I
don't believe that this boy was doing
wronp, after all." And the Judire lav
back in his chair and laughed heurtil3' aa
he remembered what a whack he gave nis
opponents hall in the game referred to. —
Washington Star.
Toddle and the Mosquitoes. ~
The otherevening Toddlotums called his
papa to tell him that he couldn't get to
sleep for the mosquitoes.
"Xever mind, Toddle; jast put your
head under the clothes where they can't
get at you."
Toddletums did so, but in a little while
he peered from under the clothing. A fire
fly happened along at the moment and set
him yelling:
"It's no use, papa. I hid under the
clothes and now they've gone off and got
lanterns to find me with.'— Harper'i
Round Table.
A Boy's Funny Heroism.
It is recorden of a little Sydney boy that
he had allowed his mother's" birthday to
dawn without having anything to give
her. This was to him a terrible state of
things, and seemed to call for a desperate
remedy. He began by offering her, one
after another, every toy he owned, but she
was too good-natured to take them. At
last, after carefully considering the whole
matter, he said, with a degree of earnest
ness which showed how much he felt the
sacrifice he was about to propose: 11 1
know what I'll do; I'll take a dose of
castor oil for you !"— New York Recorder.
Pat's Retort.
Pat has turned up again in a collection
of anecdotes. Here is a specimen of ilia
wit lately come to Land :
A one-legged Yankee orator, who had
been very successful ly chaffing an Irish
man, was finally asked:
"Oi say, soor, how did yez lose your
leg?"
"Well,'' replied the Yankee, "I found,
when I came to look up my ancestry, that
I had a little Irish blood in my veins, and
becoming convinced that it had all settled
in my left leg I had it cut off at once."
"Be jabers," cried Pat, "phot a pity it
hadn't settled in your head !"
"Dickie, what do you want for your
birthday present?"
"Oh, papa, get nic a savings-bank that
ma can't get nickels out of with a hair
pin."
It is said in Indianapolis ihat General
Harrison has been invited to contribute a
series of articles to one of the leading Lon
don magazines, with permission to choose
his own subject and name his own pr«*»
for the wortc.
2526
TRAINING CRUISER CREWS
The Naval Station to Be Estab
lished en Yerba Buena
." . ". Island.
CONDITIONS OF ADMISSION.
Drills That Go On Always— How Uncle
Sam Teaches and Toughens
His Sailors.
A training station on Yerba Buena Isl
and, one of the naval probabilities of the
near future, will be an auxiliary to the
cruiser-building of the Pacilic Coast.
While Mare Island and the Union Iron
Works mjike the ships Yerba Buena will
make. the sailors to man them.
Goat Island, the "fair Capri" of San Fran
cisco Bay, has been jealously guarded by its
owner, the Federal Goverment, from pio
neer days. Various plans have been floated
to grab the bit of bay-girt land that orna
ments the eastern part of the harbor.
Even the "great Southern Pacific has men
- aced those precious acres; " but Uncle Sam
has declined any more donations in that
quarter, and Yerba Buenais still a portion
of the United States.
•"• The island was for a long time occupied
\by a troop of the National forces, but sev
eral years ago the post was removed. The
barracks and other buildings were located
on a small, almost level piece of plain on
. the narrow neck between the eastern and
western' headlands. Now a few shade
trees, planted long ago by the soldiers,
grow on the hillsides, and the grass springs
thick and green over the old parade
ground."
This little plateau lies between the light
bouse supply depot and the torpedo sta
tion, a couple of hundred yards from each,
and a better place could hardly be found
for the proposed training school. While
sheltered from the winds by highlands on
the west, it affords an unobstructed view
of the northern and southern portions of
the harbor. The Alameda shore, stretch
ing far along the east, and the peerless
Golden Gate to the west, opens broad to
the spectator. Fronting the Oakland pier
is a pretty cove of a quarter-circle sweep,
with a sandy, sloping beach. In this basin
may lie moored the training sqiadron of
the station,- and on its still waters the
youne sailors may handle their oars in
Doat 3rill.
When the Congressional appropriation
makes the Yerba Buena training school
ready for the wort of building crews for
the Pacific cruisers, it will be a naval post
with barrack for the sailor apprentices
and marine guard, dwelling houses for the
VIEW OF YERBA BUENA ISLAND. ALCATRAZ IS SEEN TO THE RIGHT AND IN THE DISTANCE THE GOLDEN GATE.
[From a photograph taken for " The Call."]
officers, and the ' necessary equipment of
vessels and boats.
Warrant' and petty officers from the
naVy will instruct the younesters in sea
manship both on shore and aboard of the
practice vessels. They will also be drilled
aloft among the sails. Notwithstanding
the new man-of-war is a steamer and not
a sailer Uncle Sam manes his young tars
get out on the yards and wrestle with the
canvas the same as when Old Ironsides
spread her white pinions on tbe sea. On
shore they will be instructed in "book
learning"' by schoolmasters, who are chief
petty officers in the regular service.
The bpy must be enlisted between the
ages of 14 and J. 7by his parents or guardian
to serve tifl he is 21 years old. "He must
pass a medical examination so rigid that
only a small percentage of the applicants
ever "weather the. doctor." Then he is
given the -following' outfit:
One mattress and two mattress covers; one
pair large white blankets; two pairs cloth
trousers; two- blue flannel overshirts;
two blue 'flannel undershirts and drawers;
two pairs .shoes; one blue cap; two knit
watch caps and two white canvas hats;
one cap-iibbon with name of ship or station;
one overcoat; three working suits; one pair
rubber boots; one .rubber blanket; two pair
■woolen socks; one knife lanyard; two silk
neckerchiefs; one pair leggins.
Of small stores he is given two bars of
soap, one scrubbing and one blacking
brush, one box of blacking, one whisk
broom, one pair of scissors, one thimble
and needles and thread.
The boyis then rated a third-clasß naval
apprentice and receives $9 per month and
a ration. His uniform is the same as that
of auy enlisted man, except that he wears
a figure-of-eight knot in white cord sewed
on the front of his shirt His outfit is
presented to him, but should he leave the
service before the expiration of his term
of enlistment its value, $45, will be de
ducted from his pay. He is required to
keep his person, beading and clothing per
fectly clean, and punishment swiftly fol
lows any neglect of this very wholesome
duty. He Is under strict military discip
line and unquestioning obedience to every
order from a superior is a law that must
not be broken.
Then come the drills, and they go on
and on until his tweDty-first birthday cuts
them short. Besides the lessons in bis
textbooks he is instructed in practice with
great.guns, the manual of arms, sword and
pistol drill, gymnastics, calisthenics and
swimming. The boys are encouraged to
form themselves into baseball and foot
ball teams, and many hardly contested
games have been won by Uncle Sam's
naval apprentices of the training stations.
It is not the desire of the Government to
coddle its future sailors, but to make them
strong and athletic and fit for the hardy
life before them. If a boy develops "a
physical weakness during his term of ser
vice he is surveyed by a medical board and
discharged. If injured in the line of duty
he is given a pension.
Aboard the practice ship he is taught to
bend sail, loose, furl and reef and send up
and down masts and yards. He must
learn to atrip and rig hi's ship, knot, and
splice, steer, handle a boat undei^sail and
oars and hundreds of other tasks pertain
' ing to the life of a sailor. He "clears ship
. for action," mans his guns and goes
through the pretence of a battle. In the
night he is suddenly aroused from his
slumbers by the violent ringing of the bell
. and takes his station at "fire quarters."
Occasionally he will hear the loud call
of "All hands abandon ship." He does
not rush frantically for a boat, but goes
quietly to his station with food, water,
arras or whatever nrticle he has been told
off to provide, and awaits the order to
leave the ship. Nothing is ever done at
haphazard on boara of a man-of-war.
When the apprentice has acquired the
necessary proficiency he is rated second
class, with pay at $15, or first-class nt $21
per month. He may be appointed an act
ing petty officer with the increased
myithly pay of that rating, which may
reTch as high as $50.
The naval apprentice is eligible to the
position of warrant officer, such as
boatswain, gunner, sailmaker or carpen
ter, though the latter are generally ap
pointed from the ranks of those who have
served their time in ship-carpentry.
These officers receive from $1200 to $1800
per year. The higher petty officers, such
as writers at $35. chief gunners and
boatswains' mates at $50, yeomen at $<»0
and master-at-arms at $t*s per month, are
given to ex-apprentice boys in preference
to other enlisted men when possible.
The Bureau of Navigation publishes the
following notice to parents and guardians
of candidates for enlistment in the navy:
Any of the following conditions will be suffi
cient to cause the rejection of an applicant:
Greatly retarded development; feeble con
stitution, inherited or acquired; permanently
Impaired general health; decided cachexia,
<H« thesis or predisposition; chronic disease or
results of injuries sufficient to permanently
impair efficiency, such as weak or disordered
intellect, epilepsy or other convulsions within
im> years; impaired vision or chronic disease
of the organs of vision ; great dullness of hear
ing or chronic disease of the ears; chronic na
sal catarrh; ozaena polypi or great enlarge
ment of the tonrils; marked impediment of
the speech; decided indications of liability
jto pulmonary disease; chronic cardiac
! affection; hernia or retention of testes in in
guinal cavity; cirsocele, hydrocele, stricture,
fistula or hemorrhoids; large varicose veins
of lower limbs, scrotum or cord; chronic
ulcers, cutaneous and communicable diseases;
unnatural curvature of the spine, torticellis or
other deformity; permanent disability of
citiier of the extremities or articulations from
I any cause; defective teeth, the loss or exten-
The Cove Where the Young Sailors Will Practice Boat Drill.
[From a photograph taken for "The Call."]
View Taken From the Platean Where tho Old Barracks Stood.
[From a photograph taken for "The "CalL"]
sive caries of four molar teeth, will cause the
rejection of the candidate.
A 14-year-old candidate must be not less
than 4 feet 9 inches in height, weigh not
less than 70 pounds and have not less
than 26 inches chest measurement; at 15
he must be 4 feet 11 inches high, weigh
80 pounds and have 27 inches of chest; at
16 years he must be 5 feet 1 inch high,
weigh 90 pounds and measure 28 inches I
around the chest.
L-annes' Dyiug Rebuke to Napoleon.
On the 23d Napoleon again visited
Lannes, who was now fully conscious and
aware that he was doomed. He was as
fearless as ever, and with tne stern candor
of an old Republican poured out to the
Emperor all that he felt. The army, he
sai;i. was weary of bloodshed, the nation
of its sense of exhaustion ; for both were
alike aware that they suffered and bled no
longer for a principle, but for the bound
less ambition of one man. The veteran
marshal refused all sympathy or consola
tion, and turned his face to the wall.
Both Marbot and Pelet declare that this
story of Cadet de Gassicourt is an inven
tion; if so, it is a clever one, for we know
from other sources that as far as the army
was concerned, the statement attributed
to Lannes was correct. As there was lit
tle chance for booty in such rapid march
ing and constant fighting, the youth and
the poor were disheartened. The great
fortunes won by the officers were of little
use while peace was denied for their en
joyment; the millions of Massena did not '
save him from the exposures and hard
ships of the battle-field, and he confessed
that he loved luxury and immoral self
indulgence. Such voices had created an
undercurrent of discontent.— Sloane*s Life
of Napoleon in May Century.
Hopkins County, Ky., is experiencing a
notable religious revival under tbe preach
ing of a woman evangelist, Mra. Munn, of
Madisonville- In a five weeks' tour of the
county Mrs. Munn preached 60 sermons
with 119 conversions.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY 3, 1896.
♦m.
One of tbe hardest things to contend
with in a game of whist is playing with a
beginner who has got far enough advanced
to know the "call for trumps." When
i they have this much knowledge, which,
unfortunately, they often get a year or
two before they acquire a knowledge of
the leads, and how to make it, they sel
i dom, if ever, let an opportunity slip with
' out "calling" with or without reason, and
| instantly tbe hand is played they invari
| ably ask, "Did you see my call?" or
"Why didn't yon answer my call?" The
interest In the whole deal to them was the
fact they "called for trumps," regardless
of the number they held or tricks they
won or lost I have known this class of
players to call for trumps without one in
their hand, and offer as an excuse, they
"thought it would be a good idea to 'call,'
and have partner get out two for one.'
The above is almost a daily occurrence
among a certain class of whist players.
Our advice would be to beginners— seldom
if ever call for trumps. A great many ad
vanced in the knowledge of the game
make the same mistake. We will give a
few situations when a player would be
justified in asking for trumps.
When tbe original leader picks up his
hand and finds he has one strong, plain
suit, and is also strong in trumps, if an
honor is turned to hi? right, and he can
prevent that honor from making a trick,
he is justified in "calling" on his original
lead, as previously explained in these
columns. When he is not tbe original
leader, it is seldom if ever good whist to
call or start a "call" on a card led proclaim
ing five cards in suit. If you stop to think
a minute, the suit the leader opens can
never be brought in as long as there is
trump strength against him. If you are
strong enough to say, "I don't care how
strong you are in the suit you open, if I
can get a trump lead from my partner, I
will take the responsibility of this hand
and promise him a good score" — then
"call" fearlessly. If you have six or seven
trumps you must be weak in some other
suit, then you can, after a little, trump in,
and lead a trump, but don't "call." If we
have any students of the game among our
whist readers we ask them to try our sug
gestions; it will be trick-winning to them
if we can induce them to do so.
When a "call" is made or a trump is led
the partner of the caller should as quickly
as possible tell how many trumps he holds
or did hold originally. You can readily
see tie importance of this, and you should
never lose sight of it.
We will give you a few simple methods
of telling or giving this information : A
"call" is made, you are the partner; before
you can get in you are obliged to trump,
and hold four small, trump in with third
best and lead smallest. If you hold the
ace and three small, trump in with third
best, lead the ace, then smallest. Your
partner should read you for one more at
leapt. If you held four small and was
obliged to trump a trick before your part
ner "called," trump with the smallest.
When the "call" is made, in this case when
you get the lead, the proper card to play
or lead is the smallest remaining; when
another trump falls from your hand higher
than the one led — you are marked with
still one more at least. This is one of the
plays not generally known or ever heard
of among many wbisters.
We giye below a concise table showing
what card to lead to partner's call and
what card to play to partner's lead, hold
ing three or four. Our little whist queen.
Miss Kate Wheelock, has used this table
for several years in her whist lessons, and
has kindly given us permission to pub
lish it:
Ace, King.oo Ace
Ace, Klnjf. 0 King
Ace, 0 00 Ace
Ace, 0 0 Ace
King, Queen, 0 0 King
Kluk. (jii--<'7i. o Queen
King, 0 00 King
Kldk.O 0 King
Queen, Jack, 0 0 Quuen
Queen, Jack, 0 {Jack
TBUMF Hi. I. [UNO.
Low Card Led- Play to
Partner's Lead.
King
Ace
Lowest
left
Queen
King
Lowest
left
Jack
Queen
I
King
Ace
Ace
Ace
Queen
King-
liowest
Klnjf
Lowest '■■ 2
King
Ace
Ace
Ace
Queen
Kins
Lowest
Kin;.'
Lowest
On. ■•■M
Lead to Partner's
Call.
Highest left"
Ace
King
lowest
left
King
Queen
CD
a
ANSWER TO QUERIES.
You can get full particulars of the ar
rangements for those wishing to attend
the Brooklyn Whist Congress by applying
to the whist editor of The Call.
The "paragon trays" are without doubt
the best and cheapest in the market, they
have been in use since the starting of the
Trist Duplicate Whist Club. It is~ impos
sible for the cards to get out when once
put in.
The penalty for a revoke is the transfer
of two tricks from the revoking side to
their adversaries.
No. There is no such thing as "points"
in duplicate whist. You should say the
game was won by a gain of seven tricks.
The whist committee in the Trist Dupli
cate think that colored score cards are the
best. North and south all one color, east
and west another. '-Chips" are not used
for counters any more.
When a card is played out of turn it
should be taken back "into the hand and
not left on the table, it is not "a card lia
ble to be called."
"Humbug whist" i» a two-handed game,
the alternate hands being discarded.
French humbug is an improvement on tae
former came, each player having the op
tion of exchanging one of tbe alternate
hands for his own, which cannot after
ward be looked at.
No. An exclusively ladies' whist club
cannot join the Ameiican Whist League.
They must have at least twenty male
members.
'•Should you lead from a tenace?"
George L. Bunn, captain of the St. Paul
Whist Team and one of the few great
players living, says: No player ought to
be considered in the first rank who refuses
to lead from ace, queen and others when
it is the only good suit he has.
We have quite a number of good players
in San Francisco. No doubt Herbert P.
Tyson heads the list.
Q.— lf nine is led originally and part
ner holds king, jack and one small, what
card should he play? The proper or cor
rect play would be the small one. On the
next round he should play the king. His
partner marks :.im with jack alone.
WHISTLETS.
In the Ladies' Trophy Tournament in
Philadelphia Mrs. Hastings' team, after
seven straight victories, dropped the eighth
to Mrs. Stroud's team. Both teams were
pupils of Miss Wheelock.
The Linda Vista Club is a little slow
about coming forward to play lor the
Rideout trophy. Don't be afraid, boys.
The St. Paul Club will have the honor of
surrendering the American Whist League
Trophy to the Brooklyn Congress. They
held it against all comers. Play ended
Thursday last.
The first round for the ladies' trophy,
presented by President George E. Bates,
was played Saturday afternoon, April 25,
in the rooms of the San Francisco Whist
Club. The score of the tnree leading teams
is as follows. Question arises, who is the
winner? The team composed of Mrs. J.
Curtis, Mrs. Bates, Mrs. Bell and Miss
Jenkins are the winnners under the rules
of the Howell system. The score should
be recorded as follows :„
Mrs. Harenuni's team— Mtch.Tr
+1 +1 — i +2 +I+3-3+2 6 3
Mrs. Curtis' team—
M T^ 6 ~} +1 +1 +* + 0 + 0 +2 6 13
Mrs. Hawes* team—
+2 +3 +0 +1 +0 +O +3+o 6 9
(0) Zero entitles the team to half a match,
but sot half a trick.
A team from the New York Whist Club
(a new club just formed) are going to the
Brooklyn Congress to capture the Hamil
ton trophy. They have a new scheme, or
new system, which they intend to "wors,"
called the "Long and Short Tenace Ruf
fing High-card Strategic Game," with a
lot of new-fangled ideas on the side. The
Minneapolis Whist Congress had just such
an experierice— they lasted almost one
round.
The Philadelphia Evening Telegraph of
April 18, under the head-lines, "Whißt
Lectures From the Pacific Coast," pays
our whist editor a flattering compliment
by republishing one of our entire articles.
The president of the Pacific Coast Whist
Association has received a challenge for
the Rideont trophy from tbe Valleio Whist
Club, now held by the San Francisco
Whist Cluo, and have named Saturday,
May 9, as the date of the match.
Rules for scoring under the Howell-
Mitchell system:
A matcn and trick score Is kept of each team.
The team making the highest match score Is
declared the winner, each match won count
ing one and each match tied counting one-hall
on such score. (No half tricks are counted.)
In case of a tie in the match score, the trick
score of the teams tying will determine.
If a team plays eight matches, wins four,
and four are tied, their total score is six
matches won— they lose four half matches as
well as winning four. If another team wins
seven matches and loses one, they rank first,
of course.
So far out of nineteen replies we have
received no correct solution of problem 4,
so give it.
George L. Bonn says at trick 6: This
situation is a very delicate and interesting
one from East's point of view. He can
practically absolutely place the number of
cards of each suit that each player now
holds. South has three clubs left, and so
has North, as West can have no more;
South has not four trumps or he would
have ventured a trump lead at trick five;
he ba3 not more than one spade left,
for he did not make the unblocking play;
he has not more than one diamond or he
woula not have played king second hand;
he has, therefore, one spade, one diamond
an d three trumps; West must have two
spade?, as North had but five and South
but three originally, and three diamonds
in all probability, as the deuce did not fall
at trick 4, and "three trumps; North has
three spades, three clubs and probably two
trumps; East cannot tell the size of the
trumps in the different hands, but unless
Souths trumps are such that he will be
able to win the second round and have the
commanding trump left to draw a third
round a lead of trumps will do no harm
and may work very well ; the fact that
West must have three trumps is the con
trolling factor, for it will prevent the ad
versaries from making their suit unless
South has the winning trump and is in
the lead after two rounds. East, reason
ing this out, ventures a trump lead from
three remaining.
We give the following answer to our
query of April 6, What should South play
on trick 5? which we think tne best out of
twenty-three:
Whist Editor— Dear Sir: In answer to ques
tion in issue of April 6 of your esteemed paper
my opinion of Souths play on fifth trick is
to play 4C and take chances on N. taking
the trick. My reason is that you do not neces
sarily lose alfchauces of making your X of C
Rood. It seems evident that E. is not strong
in the club suit or olubs would have beeu led
instead of diamonds on the fifth hand. Yours
most truly, K. L. R.
The following is a remarkable whist sit
uation :
Clubs trumps.
South to lead and holds:
Spades— Ace king queen.
Hearts — Ace king queen jack.
Clubs— King jack nine seven.
Diamonds— Ace king.
This hand was dealt in a game of whist
some years ago. South opened with a
trump and never took a trick.
MOTHER AND DAUGHTER.
An unpublished poem by Robert Louis Stevenson
H 1-,-h as my hear! ! the quip be mine
That draw* their stature to a line.
My pair of fairies •■lump and dark,
The dryads of my cattle park.
Here by my window close I sit.
And watch (and my heim laughs at it)
How these my dragon-lilies are
Alike and yet dissimilar.
From European womankind
They are divide'! and defined
By the free limb and He plain mind,
The nobler gait, the naked foot,
The Inrtiscrpeter petticoat:
And show, by earh endearing cause,
More like what Eve in Eden was—
Buxom and free, flowing and flue,
In evpry limb, in every line.
Inimitably feminine.
Like ripe fruit on the espaliers
Their sun-bepain led hue appears.
And tbe white lace (when lace they wear)
Shows on their golden breast more fair.
So far the same they seem, and yet
One apes the shrew, one the coauette —
A sybil or a truant child
One runs— with a crop halo — wild:
And one more sedulous to please.
Her long <!ark hair, deep us ber knees.
And thrni with living silver, sees.
What need have 1 of wealth or fame,
A cluo, an often-printed name?
It more contents my heart to know
Them going simply to and fro:
To see the ihar pair paase and pass
Girded, among the drenching grass,
In the resplendent sun, or hear.
When the huge moon delays to appear,
Their kindred voices sounding near
In the veranda twilight. So
Sound ever; so, forever co
And comenpon your Kirong brown i'eet
Twin honors to my country seat,
And itn too happy mister lent:
My solace ana its ornament.
Isohei. strong in the May Scrtbner's.
LEFT EVERYTHING
Strange Story of an Abandoned
Garden on Belvedere
Peninsula.
For many yeaTs past an old German,
named Rupert, had a nursery near the
northern end of Belvedere Peninsula. He
was very industrious, and although his
tract of rented land was small, he man
aged to grow an enormous quantity of
flowers, that he disposed of in many dif
ferent ways. None of his neighbors, how
ever, got very well acquainted with him,
and he never spoke of his business except
to mention hard times. Some say that he
made piles of money, and others believe
that be was telling the truth when he said
he never made a cent. At any rate, he
always lived like a very poor man.
One day, some time during last Febru
ary, he was seen at work in his garden.
He was also seen in Tiburon and attended
to bis usual business. The next day none
of his neighbors saw him until about noon,
when he appeared in an elegant Prince
Albert suit and a silk hat and told them
he came to say good-by, as he was going
away and would never come back. He
seemed to be in the best of spirits.
Some thought he was joking, but others
asked him where be was going. ''Oh, I
am going to make a change," was all the
answer they got. It was naturally thought
that he would take away his things and
sell his plants before going, but he was
seen wandering around" his garden that
evening and none of his neighbors have
seen him since, \vhen he left or how is a
mystery.
Visitors to his house the next morning
Portion of Old Rupert's Garden.
[From a sketch.)
found doors and windows wide open and
his few Household utensils scattered about
the floor. It is not known that he took a
single thing with him." --,""■
: There was considerable speculation as to
what became of the old man. although no
body felt the least alarm, He must have
had plenty of money or he would not have
left everything behind him/ because he
could nave sold his tools and plants for
quite a sum.' "* The general belief of those
who knew him best is that he went back
to ■ Germany. Some believe he is in San
Francisco, but cannot imagine why he left
so suddenly. He is not known to have
owed anybody a cent. ;
'. Since old.- Rupert's departure the bouse
has been going to ruin, and the furniture
and tools have all been carried off by peo
ple who thought they might ; as ; well use
them as allow them to go to decay. But
the garden ' still continues to grow, and at
present is ? a mass of ? flowers, in spite of
neglect." Grass and weeds have grown I all
over the place, but roses by " the thousands
are blooming on all sides. All of the flow
ers common to this locality are there in
profusion. 1 '
« ♦ — •
V : The serous membrane of the interior ear
secretes a fluid known as the perilymph.
BISHOP JOHNSON'S VISIT
He Will Arrive in a Few Days
and Preach at St.
Luke's.
EPWOBTH LEAGUE OFFICERS.
The Archbishop's Itinerary of Confirm
ation Services— Dr. Dille's Tour
of the Islands.
The»Rt. Rev. Dr. Johnson, first Episco
pal Bishop of Los Angeles, is expected in
San Francisco some time this week. He
may arrive in time to attend the reception
to Bishop and Mrs. Nichols at the Occi
dental Hotel on Weanesday evening next.
Anyway, he will be here by May 8, when
he will preach the sermon at the annual
meeting of tbe California Branch of the
Women's Auxiliary In St. Luke's Church.
The services will commence at 11 a. m.
The visit of the new bishop will be neces
sarily brief, as the pressing duties of his
diocese demand his presence at Los An
geles.
The officers of the Epworth League of
the Methodist church for the ensuing year
are as follows: President, W. G. Poage,
Ukiah; first vice-president, E. M. Kimball,
Downey; second vice-president, Henry
Atkinson, Santa Rosa; third vice-presi
dent. Miss Esteila Duke, Linden; secre
tary, C. W. Clough, Chico; corresponding
secretary, Miss Hattie Glover, Salinas;
treasurer, Miss Hamilton; superintendent
junior work, Mrs. Richardson, Woodland.
The Venerable Archdeacon Webber of
the Diocese of Milwaukee has consented
to come to the coast to conduct parochial
missions in California during next fall,
winter and spring.
The First Hebrew Congregation of Oak
land has asked permission of court to sell
its old synagogue property for $27,000 to
Hugo Abrahamson. It proposes to pur
chase a new site at Twelfth and Castro
streets for $11,000.
In the last five years 13,905 Bibles, cost
ing nearly $4000, have been given by the
Bible Society to the Congregational
Church Sunday-schools of this State.
A branch of the League of the Cross has
been established at St. Joseph's Church,
Berkeley.
Confirmation will be administered by
Archbishop Riordan during the com
ing week as follows: Sunday, May 3,
St. Helena; Wednesday afternoon. May 6,
Lakeport; Wednesday morning, St. Turi
bius, Lake County; Thursday, May 7,
Hopland; Sunday, May 10, St. Mary's
Churcb, Sausalito.
Rev. Dr. Hirst's residence at Chicago
was burglarized and $700 in personal
effects stolen.
The trustees of the Pacific Methodist
College will meet in annual session at the
Santa Rosa College on May 10.
The Pacific annual conference of the
Methodist church will be held this year at
Oakland.
The new Congreeational Church at Mill
Valley is two-thirds completed.
The California Sabbath Association will
meet in annual convention in the audi
torium of the Y. M. C. A. building in this
City on May 14.
The Congregational ministers and
churches of ban Bernardino and Riverside
will meet at Mentone on May 5.
Rev. F. F. Pearse has resigned the pas
torate of the Third Congregational Church
of Los Angeles to go to Nordhoff, where
he will have charee of a church.
The receiptsof the Congregational Home
Missionary Society from Southern Cali
fornia for the year were $5615 50.
Rev. P. C. Yorke will lecture at Metro
politan Hall on Tuesday evening.
The rally of the fourth district of the
League of the Cross will take place at Na
tive Sons' Hall at 2 o'clock to-day.
A class of forty boys and girls will re
ceive first communion at St. Teresa's
Church to-day.
Rev. Dr. Dille will deliver several lec
tures while in Honolulu.
Bishop Joyce of the Methodist Church
of Vancouver, B. C, will sail for Japan on
June 22.
PARK FUNDS EXHAUSTED
Over Eighty Laborers Laid Off
in the Big Pleasure
Ground.
The Appropriation Not Sufficient to
Meet the Needed Expen
diture.
The lack of funds to retain the necessary
nelp in Golden Gate Park caused the
discharge of eighty laboring men on the
last day of April. This shortage of funds
not only acts as a drawback to work that
is a necessity, but it prevents the Park
Commissioners from improving Point
Lobos road, a thoroughfare sadly in need
of repairs.
Since the Sutro electric line of cars com
menced to run through the Richmond dis
trict several houses have been built on the
line of Clement street out as far as Tenth
avenue, where streets are laid out, graded
and macadamized. Yet Point Lobos road
is neglected and permitted to remain year
after year in its almost impassable condi
tion, because it is under the supervision of
the Park Commissioners from Central
avenue to the Cliff House.
The Point Lobos and Richmond im
provement clubs have repeatedly tried to
have this road attended to, but so far the
attempt has been futile, while the avennes
intersecting it have been put in tolerably
good condition by the property -owners.
First avenue alone has been left in its
normal condition by reason of a protest
by a majority of the property-owners, who
are opposed to its pavement on the line
and terms which it was sought to have it
paved with bitumen. This protest has the
effect of staying the wort for a period of
six months from the time of its present
ment to the Supervisors. What action
will be taken when the six months expire
remains to be seen.
■» ♦ — «
The Golden Age a Superstition.
I have compared only a few of the con
ditions of life at the present day with,
those of the past. The task would be too
great, even if mv knowledge were suf
ficient, to strike the balance between all
those conditions and to determine which
were the most detrimental. Some con
ditions are undoubtedly better and others
worse than they were five, or two, or one
century ago. Many of us, especially here
in America, as is apparent to the most
superficial observer, live in too much of a
hurry and under too great a strain. We
should undoubtedly be better off if we
led quieter lives, if we relaxed the tension
under whicu we work, and if we went
more slowly and took life more easily and
comfortably. Our life to-day is certain.lv
more complex, but there is no reason for
condemning it wholly in comparison with
the past. The golden age is, after all, a
mere superstition, and there is good reason
for asking whether on the whole, our
social conditions are not to-day more
favorable for mental and nervous health
tb&n they have ever been before.— Dr.
Philip C. Knapp, in the May Century.
•—• — • — •
♦k tympanum of a whale's ear lies at
the end ot a long, narrow, bony tube,
lhe hearing of this animal is almost pre
ternaturally acute.
NEW TO * PA T'^*____ J-J :■- '
ITE| NOLAN BROS.
I % | SHOE CO. •■'- '"' ■'
\f£-.- «#" '^a onUt UUi*. .'? ..•
LATEST STYLE
FUSTE
TAN ullvJju*
We Arc the Only House That Has
All the Very Latest Tan Shoes. J
NO OLD STYLES iD OUR STORE;-:
Nothing but the very latest and all .
right, up to the minute. So when, •'
you want* TAN SHOES come or send •'•'.:
direct to our store and buy them. - ; v
AT WHOLESALE PRICES,
We Are Making a . Specialty .'/'
of Tan Shoes and Can .. '•
Suit Everyone. / s- ;••;•
All Styles That Are Made in
Black Shoes We Have in : Tan; • - :
WE SELL: -
Ladies' Finest Quality Tan Chrome Kid Button, ' - ■'
hand-turn soles, pointed toes and tips, at.. -•'-.
92 00 per pair •
Ladles' Fine Tan Oxfords, French heels, band. •■ . "••
turn soles, pointed toes and tips, at. 92 per pair
Ladies' Fine Tan Kid, Brown Cloth Top Ox- :•'
fords, or Southern Ties, band-turn soles, .- "
pointed or square toes, at $1 50 per pair
Ladies' Fine Russet Oxford Ties, turn soles, . -
pointed or square toes, at $1 per pair
Ladles' White Canvas Oxford Ties, turn soles, : . '
pointed toes, at SI 60 per pair '
Children's and Misses* Tan Button Shoes.
Spring heel, square toe and tip. -
Sizes sto 8 .- 900
Sizes 8% to 11 $1 00
Sizes 11% to 2.. $1 25
Men's Tan Shoes
From $2.00 Up. -
We have all the Very Latest Styles
and Shades in MEN'S TAN SHOES,
GIVEN AWAY!
A Rubber Ball or Base Ball
With Every Purchase.
Send ns your address and we will mall yon m
Catalogue. . ;„-, ■*
WE HAVE NO BRANCH STORE ON
MARKET STREET.
Mall orders receive prompt attention.
NOLAN BROS.
SHOE CO. |
812-814 MARKET STREEt
9 and 11 O'Farrell St., ;•
FHEIAN BUILDING. •""„•.•.•
Long Distance Telephone 5537. *'.'.**"
AIEAL
ALLIGATOR
Leather-lined ' Club Bag, 19 ' ** •
inch.. :;.'.:.;.......:...53,S5 I .
The same iv the 15-inch size...^£s gQ
DRESS SUIT CASES. .}
Full stock leather, 18 inch 55.75 ,
Full stock leather, 20 inch $4,85 *
lAUNfc\ - , t !:
Full-grain leather, in mauve : .
or tan, 2O inch... $5,0©
Imitation alligator, 20 inch....eg£3 85 '
ALL-LEATHER BOSTON BAGS.
Baoh 500, QOo, $1.00. 3,
Chamois Money 8e1t5....... 800
Traveling Rolls, Including brush,
comb, tooth and nail brush. ...SsO
Unfitted Traveling Rolls, mackin- •• *.
tosh, leather tr1mmed..,.,,.,;,,<75{j •
118-820 MARKET ST
§J WW PRIVATE DISPENSARY. ■ ,
SPECIALTY- DISEASES OF MEN, rSCLUD- 1 ' r
ing all forms of Blood, Skin and Nervous Dis-
eases. - Over 20 years' experience. Book sent free«.
Patients cured at Home. Terms reasonable. Office
Hours. 9to 3 dally: 6:30 to 8:30 evenings. Sundays, •
10 to 12. Consultation free and sacredly confiden-
tial. Call, or address • .«.
p. bosi'of. ncsmiiTT.'n.i).,' ' *•« -
2654 Keiirnj- Street. San Franilneo, Cal.
iron beds; .:" -
t~j ,■1 *■ BRASS BEDS, i '
K : {~ / FOLDING BEDS 1 ." "
Wire and Hair Mat- :
tresses, Rocllnln?^'
. <t ,.,,, Chairs, Wheel Chain, .„
T ;.....ja *-°nimodes, Back Rests
jllll j V ftjttjj W " A - SCHROC^,..
t_'.' 4 " JL 21
■•SS^E ™_^ ~. ■*■ '. .New Montgomery J
W •*•! W«l St., under Grand -
'-^^ .: Hotel. S. F. : . ■* "-
The most certain and safe Pain Remedy. Instantly
relieves and soon cures all Colds, Hoarseness, Sort
i Throat, Bronchitis, Congestions and Inflamm»-
-i Uaa* 50c per botua yoUi by DruggistsLINCOLNS VINDICATION OF COLONEL ED PAKER
INTEREST in the life and works of
Abraham Lincoln is so general
and so strong throughout the Na
tion to-day that the magazines and
press at large have been retelling
his glorious history; and every newiy
discovered incident relating to that
immortal leader is snatched up with such
avidity that an "entirely, fresh contribu
tion from a 'source not hitherto sounded
will be gratefully received by the people.
At the last, soc'al meeting in this City of
ihe Legion of Honor, of which he is a"
valued member., p. J. Staples, .the well
- known California, pioneer, was prevailed
. upon to speak of Lincoln, as the latter was
known to the Californian. After referring
. to his own part in the Fremont campaign
of 1856, Mr. Stapres proceeded to impart
. thefollowing.valuable Lincolnian reminis
cences :
"In IS6O I had an ambition to go East
and attend the National Convention of the
Republican party and assist in the nomi
nation of the person whom I believed was
to succeed James. Buchanan in the Presi
dential-chair. . I.n.our State Convention of
that year, held in Sacramento, the senti
ment was largely, and strongly in favor of
William- H. Seward as the Presidential
: nominee of the Republicans. It was un
■derstood that t-hose who claimed to be
■ most prominent and influential in our
party in this State at that time had deter
mined that no man should go from here i
to our National . Convention unless he
; agreed to vote for William H. Seward first,
last -and all the time for the Republican
.; nomination for President.
:. • ; "Coming from a rural district I took the
. ■ position at our State Convention that our
. /delegates should go untrammeled by any
. pledges. I did not profess to be so wise as
many of. the members from the metropolis
: arid our capital city, but I thought I
. knew what, was the common-sense of the
:': situation.
. "We were a long way off from the great
centers of political thought ana action in
." this country and we had no telegraph or
; niilread' then across the continent. We
' . did hot know and could not fairly antici
pate what was or what would be the con
' diti.cn of rpoUtical. affairs when ourdelega-.
.tion reached the . National Convention.
'And I- insisted that we should be at least
■. '• independent in our views on the candi
dacy... and I argued that all ought to be
free to judge and" determine and act when
.the time for nominating a President
".■ arrived. That was the position I took, and
1 pot others to agree with me, snd we went
i?ito our convention to make that fieht. I
Fliai-1 .not impose -upon you with details of
that matter. I will state that under a
; motion ',- to suspend the rules, which pre
vailed, I was elected unanimously. I
.went' to' that National Convention. I "took
. the old Butterworth route through Arizona
and.across Mexico — twenty-one days and
nights to Jefferson City. From thereon
to Washington and Chicago was a com
paratively easy journey. I.'1 .'
. . In his narration of convention scenes
Mr. Staples said:
."No man that saw those 10,000 upturned
■ face's, '.no man .who witnessed the en
thusiasm :of that convention when Lin
coln, was declared the nominee, can forget
the. occasion' if he were to live a thousand
■ . yeaf.v' ■ . * *
* ;.' 'The delegates from this State numbered
eight.; '.' they ate all gone now — all gone
.except myself/ Of that eight there were
five .of. us who were for Lincoln. But from
. <iur great respect t.o the men of our conven
. . tipn who entertained the belief that
Seward was the beet man and the only
man who could- be successful, we con
cluded to vote for Seward on the first
. ballot.
"I occupied a .rather peculiar position
ox rather we did— being the farthest off of
.any. ". There was no. communication then
: except by the way of the isthmus or
.. 'round the Horn, or by slow team across
'.the plains. We -were given a place along
side the speaker,. to the right hand. And
Oregon— very far-off Oregon — had the great
.good sense to select as their representative
and give their proxies to vote to Horace
Greeley. He sat to my right.
."I: shall never forget when on the sec
ond ballot— it might have been the third.
I am not certain as to that — how anxious
we were to cast oar five votes for Lincoln.
But our spokesman was too slow. He wa3
not quick enough for the emergency.
Before he could get on his feet and obtain
the recognition -of the chair for the pur
pose an Ohio man jumped up and in a
stentorian voice roared out, 'Mr. Chair
man, Ohio changes five votes from Seward
to Lincoln.' . And .California lost the
golden opportunity of first casting those
five votes and turning the scale for Lin
coln."
After the Chicago convention Mr.
Staples returned to California and took
part in the political campaign. His nar
rative of the victory and of his visit to
Washington to see Mr. Lincoln inaugu
rated was graphic and dramatically in
teresting.
"Well! the election took place," con
tinued Mr. Staples, "and we were vic
torious, and i became anxious to see our
President, Abraham Lincoln* inaugurated
chief magistrate of the Nation. So I
made the second- pilgrimage through Ari
zona and Texas. You may know that
about that time it was the beginning of an
Indian war in Arizona. I was detained on I
that account seven days; I could not get I
through. I don't know a3 I could express
to you the peculiar kind of satisfaction —
and 1 hope it was not inhuman — a sort of
justifiable and comforting gratification it
eeemod to me — with which I saw six of
these Apaches hanging on a tree.
"General Twiggs was in command in
the lower portion of the country. He
ordered the soldiers there to go to the Rio
Grande. We had the humiliation of wit
nessing, us we went along, soldiers of our
American Republic ordered out of the
country by rebels across the Rio Grande,
to get away from there as best tbey could.
The stage was Irequently stopped along
that route, and the driver or ?ome other
person addressed by a regular officer of
the army, with the inquiry as to whether
there wero any Bjack Republicans on
board, and that if so 'one was wanted
fgr breakfast.'
"When we Teamed Fort Smith, Ark., I
telegraphed on that we were seven days i
behind. We saw men in the uniform of
ti;e country pouring in all night long, :
under the command of a man who used to ;
be Sheriff of Sacramento County— Ben
McCullough.
"Well, 1 got to Washington ten days
•nfter the inauguration. I found that the
representatives from California who were i
there clamoring for office were split up 1
into two distinct hostile factions. Of
course Colonel Baker was there. I had
known Colonel Baker for many years. I '
often listened with tears in my ores and
thrills of emotion in my heart when he
was addressing audiences in early days m
California. He had left California" ana
gone to Oregon, where they had the good
sense to elect Him United " States Senator.
When I got to Washington the warmest
grasp of the hand that I received I got
from him. I was invited to his house and
into his circle of friends.
"Aiter I had been there a few days
Baker said to me, 'I must introduce you
to President Lincoln.' Of course, that
was what 1 wanted above all things just at
that time, and I didn't want and couldn't
have had better auspices. So he gathered
up a party of a half-dozen men whom he
desired to introduce and we went up by
appointment to the White House. It wa's
long ago— thirty-five years ago— and yet in
tne vividness of my recollection it some
times seems as if it were but yesterday. I
didn't have the impudence to think that I
was going to have a talk with the Presi
dent about the affairs of state or about
politics generally, but I did long to see the
man whom for some years I had admired,
and I may say almost venerated. I had
watched his contest with Douglass, read
his speeches and closely observed his pub
lic action afterward.
"It was the fulfillment of a great ex
pectation; it was an inspiration to see him
face to fnce. When we went into his
private office and stood there in his pres
ence civ gratilication was very great. I
"This paper," said Mr. Lincoln, "I will burn in the presence of the man who wrote it."
shall never forget his appearance and the
impression he made upon me as he slowly
rose from his chair. I thought I was
pretty tall— over 6 feet high— but when
standing close beside him I had to literally
look up to him, look up to see him ! And
I did look at him, and he did seem to
tower above me and above all others in the
room.
"Baker introduced this and that gentle
man to Mr. Lincoln, and at last came to
me. I remember his words, 'This is Mr.
Staplee of California.' And then he went
on to say that I was so-and-so, using some
nattering terms wnich, of course, I am
too modest to repeat. Perhaps they were
not altogether true. But certainly he
introduced me in a very handsome way —
as Baker could do. Lincoln grasped my
hand cordially when he heard my name-
Staples— and repeated it with words of
welcome, and, while holding my hand,
turned to Baker and said:
" Baker, do you remember our old
friend Stapleton out in Illinois?' 'Oh,
yes,' replied Baker; 'but this is Mr.
Staples, not Stapleton.' 'Yes, yes, I un
derstand that ' retorted Lincoln"; 'but you
I knew Htap.'eton?' '1 remember him well,'
said Baker. 'Well.' responded Lincoln,'
'the old man hung himself.' And then we
passed on.
"I had a chance," resumed the narrator,
"to see Mr. Lincoln closely again under
very different circumstances, such as were
calculated I think to bring out some of
his characteristics one stormy day.
There are persons in this City, perhaps in
this room, who will know whether I am
telling of the sceae exactly as it occurred.
So far as I describe it you will believe that
I do so as correctly as my memory enables
me.
"There had been such a bitter conten
tion between the two factions of Califor
nians in Washington that season, led by
Simonton on one side and some of Bakers'
friends on the other, relative to the distri
bution of offices on this coast, that Lincoln
declared that he was puzzled or confused
about the matter. He desired that the
Californians, or a deputation from each
side of the controversy, should come to tne
White House at 9 o clock on a certain
morning and make their respective views
and wants known in person.
"So it was agree* that on a certain
morning tnere should be an appearance
there at the Whito House of those who
wanted to represent how the controversy
arose and existed and what the desires of
the respective representatives were. I say
t was something of a sad condition of
affairs, for there were certainly good men
>on both sides of the fence. {Stanford waa
THE SAX FR AX CISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY 3, 1896.
■ there, but he did not take an active part
in the controversy. He was then a can
didate for Governor, and deemed it pru
j dent to hold aloof from the factional dis
j putes.
"Colonel Baker had been invited to take
| breakfast with President Lincoln that
I morning. He came into the room with
i Lincoln. There was a long table there,
i and on the left was an old-fashioned desk.
I such as none of u^ would have in his office
in this City if he could help it! The first
| man who spoke up was a Mr. Nttnes.
Maybe some of you remember him. Well,
he was a pretty stirring lellow, and for
aught I know a pretty good man. He
went on with the reading of a paper. It so
happened that I got pushed up to the
front so I could see and hear distinctly.
Simonton stood near my right and Baker
sat at the table with Lincoln opposite.
! Well, Nunes began reading his paper.
j The substance of it was that
if the President would appoint to office in
California and on the Pacific Coast such
men as he and his associates, or those for
j whom he spoke and recommended, they
! would guarantee that the State of Califor
nia and the Pacific Coast would be and re
runin Republican.
"After he concluded, the paper was
handed over and laid on the table within
j reach of Mr. Lincoln.
"Then Mr. Simonton spoke up. He
■ read a paper in which he abused Colonel
i Baker, the Senator from Oregon, and a
long-time friend of Lincoln, in the most
violent and vituperative niauner. I won't
attempt to repeat all be said in this
diatribe. You can judge of it bj a few in
dications. He said that Baker was an as
sociate of gamblers and all that class of
persons. Baker sat there listening to it
all. I thought I could see a dark frown
gathering on Lincoln's brow as the read
ing went on. Well, Lincoln heard it all
without interruption; but as I said, it
seemed to me as if I could read a growing
storm prophesied by his countenance.
"When Simonton got through he gave
the names of those vrbo indorsed his posi
i t ion, and the names of those men whom he
j insisted should be put in office. And
when he came down to one name Lincoln
turned to Baker and exclaimed, "Why,
: Baker, that is one of your friends.' When
j Simonton finaliy finished the paper was
laid on the table.
"Mr. Lincoln then said, 'Is this paper
for me?' Mr. oimonton replied, 'Yes. itis
for you, Mr. President, but I may want to
make some emendations.' Mr." Lincoln
replied, -'Ii it is for me, let me have it
now,' and it was handed to him.
"Then Lincoln tooK up Mr. Nunes' paper
and said: 'This paper seems to be re
spectful in tone, and I will keep it for
further reference, but this one (taking up
SSimonton's paper) I will burn in the pres-
I ence of the man who wrote it.' And he
| at once stepped over to the fireplace and
| reaching forth his arm stuck tne paper in
the fire.
"You can imagine more about that scene
from what I have told you than I could
undertake to sketch or state to you in de
tail. The President of the United States,
insulted by the wanton abuse of his old
time friend — the eloquent and gallant
Baker — resented it as a personal affair.
"Baker sat at my left, and he leaned
over and whispered: 'Staples, can't you
say something in reply?'
"I immediately spoke up. ■ Mr. Presi
dent' — but Lincoln put up his hand and
exclaimed :
"'Not a word; not a word. I don't
want to hear a word. I have known
Colonel Baker twenty-five years. 1 h«ve
known him better than any of you know
him, and I don't want any defense of him
from any one.
"' Now,' Mr. Lincoln went on to say, 'if
any of you CaliJornians other than those
who have spoken want to make any re
quest of me, I want to hear it now.' But
no one said a word, so far as I can recol
lect. After a pause, the President said:
11 'Now I have a request to make of you.
I want you to go home. You will be
needed in California— far, more needed
there than here,' and then we filed out of
the room.
"I have given you an outline of this in
cident," continued Mr. Staples, "because
: I thought it strongly illustrative of t:e
character of President Lincoln. I could
tell you of others, as I saw the President
! often during my stay at the Capitol that
season. But nothing so deeply impressed
me with a sense of his discrimination and
dignity and justice and courage as this
scene. He was surrounded by 10,000
ollice-seekers who had been kept out of
official positions for years by the Demo
cratic party and who were most anxious
to get into Federal berths. He had most
vexatious trials of his patience and good
nature.
"While there we were asked if we were
willing to join an organization to defend
the public buildings and property of the
Government. So 1 went up an 1 joined the
Cassius M. Clay Battalion. There were
about 300 of us. James W. Nye. afterward
Governor and Senator from Nevada, was
there. Young Suniner, who contributed
so much on this coast to saving this por
tion of the country to the Union, was our
orderly sergeant. I saw the Massachu
setts Sixth when it came into Washington,
and I was one of those who were ordered
out to receive it. I was almost convinced
that it was my duty to enroll myself i
I among the military defenders of * the ;
i Republic when 1 decided to consult i
i Colonel Baker. I said to him: 'Baker,
I want to stay here— on this side;
but I want your advice about the matter'
Among other things, I showed him one or
more letters, which he read. Afterreflect
ing a little while be said, ' Staples, go Home ;
that is the place for you.' That decided
me. That prevented me from entering
uron a military career, whatever it might
have been. I have no doubt that it was
sincere advice and very likely the best of
I counsel. So it was not my fate or fortune
■ to be numbered araon? the number of
I those who composed the great army of the
Union in the field under military com
i manders, but as a civilian I did what I
could to sustain the great cause for which
you fought and in which you triumphed."
Mr. Staples, in recalling incidents of the
dramatic scene at the W T hite House when
President Lincoln burned the Simonton
paper, said that among the Californians
present were Ira P. Raukinand Willard B.
F:irwell. George Butler of San Francisco, a
brother of Ben Butler, was mentioned by
Simonton as a gambler. Baker was cen-
I sured for associating with Butler. One of
1 Butler's sons was so indignant that he
i sought Simonton to settle the affair jier
| sonally. When the Californians left the
White House after the memorable scene
the personal feeling and bitterness weie so
, strong that bloodshed seemed inevitable,
but it was averted.
Horace Gn-eley and Mr. Staples were fast
I friends. The friendship began when the
editor visited California before the war.
H r. Staples was one of the committee that
went to Folsom to meet him. In New
York, after Lincoln's nomination, they
met. and at that time Vanderbitt bad
thrown up his contract to carry the mails,
so Gr. eley was in great distress, because
the Tribune could not be delivered to
readers in California. Mr. Staples, to the
;:reat relief of Greeley, packed three extra
trunk 3 with copies of the Tribune and
brought the papers via the isthmus to San
Francisco. _________^__
WHY HE WAS PARDONED
The Story Told by tho President's In
dorsement.
One of those peculiar cases, possible only
in the South, where the President was
obliged to come to the relief of a man who
tried, and for a time in vain, to get into
jail to serve his sentence, came to light in
the routine presentation of pardon cases
to-day.
J. Keuben Phillips is the man, and for
"working in a distillery without, any sign"
lie was arrested by revenue agents and
sentenced by the court in South Carolina
to three months in jail. That was at the
September term of court last year, and for
some reason, nia^be to permit the man to
harvest his little crops, the Judge in his
sentence provided that th« term of his im
prisonment should not begin until ihe
Ist of January of this year. The rest of
the story is told in the President's indorse
ment upon the case, as follows:
"Granted. This prisoner was sentenced
to three months' imprisonment, to begin
January 1, 1896. At that day he reported
at the jail for the purpose of entering upon
his term, and was refused admittance be
cause his commitment papers had not ar
rived. For this reason he did not begin
his term until February 19, 1896. If he
had been admitted on the day his sen
tence required his term would have ex
pired before the present time. In view of
this fact, and the pitiable condition of his
family, and upon the recommendation of
the Judge and District Attorney, this
pardon is granted."— Washington Star.
•— ♦ — • .
The earrings worn by Italian women in
dicate the part of Italy the wearer be
longs to; the longer the earrings the
farther south the women come from. In
the extreme south most of the earrings
I hang close to the shoulders; in the iar
j north they are quite short.
The earrings worn by Italian women in
dicate the part of Italy the wearer be
longs to; the longer the earrings the
farther south the women come from. In
the extreme south most of the earrings
hang close to the shoulders; in the far
north they are quite short.
THE FIRST SALOON IN
MINERAL KING
THERE is still standing in the old
Mineral King Mining District in
the southeast portion of Tulare
County the remains of the first and
only saloon ever opened in that
section during the great gold excitement
of about 1855. The ruins are unlike any
others in existence. From a distance they
look like the crumbling columns of an
ancient temple, but a close inspection
shows that the structure was originally a
sort of combination of Missouri log cabin
and California miner's shanty of shakes.
The ruin itself is not of the greatest in
terest, but its history makes one of the
bloodiest pages in the annals of the gold
fever.
It seems that the Mineral King discov
ery was made just at the time when the
small "pockets" in the Sacramento and
American River districts had been worked
until there were very few nuggets left and
it was no longer possible to pick up hun
dreds of dollars' worth of the yellow metal
in a few hours. As a consequence tnere
was a large army of a certain class, too
lazy to do any hard work.who were always
waiting to hear some wondrous tale of
"new diggings," and spent their time in
going from camp to camp in search of ex
citement.
The Mineral King discovery came like
lightning from a clear sky. There were
said to be quarts of gold nuggets as big as
hickory nuts lying in beds of sand filled
with silver. It took hard work to make
anything in the old mines, so the lazy
men all nocked to the Mineral King. It
was in the summer and the warm weather
of the locality made even a tent unneces
sary, so that the miners swarmed over the
mountains like ants and dug wherever
there was a sandy place in the river bed.
Among the crowd was a man known as
"Bluff" Wilson. He had been to a great
many "discoveries" and felt pretty sure
| that 'this one would turn out like the oth-
era. He was "down to cases" in his
finances, and, when he reached Visalia,
concluded to recoup his fallen fortunes by
starting a saloon in the thick of the min
ing district.
Wilson's otock in trade was a barrel of
whisky, half a dozen bottles and a few
thick glasses. He managed to get these to
a place near a canyon, where there were
nearly 200 men at work and the road con
tinued on toextensive workings farther up.
All trade had to pass the place he picked
out tor his saloon. It took him a whole
day to set ready for business.
Two redwood trees of the right size grew
in a convenient spot, and Wilson chopped
them off about seven feet from the ground.
The upper portions he cut into logs that
he used for a frame work by placing one
end on top the stumps, and letting the
other end rest on the biil at the back.
They were joined in the regulation style
and bolted together. There were plenty
of shakes to be obtained, and with these
Wilson constructed a bar and shelving and
put sides and a roof on his saloon. The
structure was not wortli more than $10,
even in those days.
The next day "Wilson opened for busi
ness by filling his bottles ifom the whisky
barrel, putting his glasses in convenient
places, sharpening his bowie-knife and
seeing that his revolver wan properly
loaded and primed with fresh caps.
The first cay's business was enormous,
and Wilson had to hire an assistant bar
keeper to serve whisky at one dollar a
smail glass. But as it happened the very
worst characters in all California had con
gregated in the Mineral King District, and
before night there had been several fatal
fights in front of the saloon. The bar
keeper took a number of drinks during
the day and then came to the
conclusion that he had as much
right to the bar as his employer
and, instead of accepting a day's pay for
his work, insisted Gn a "divvy" of the
profits. Argument followed, then pro
fanity, that was cut short by a series of re
ports of revolvers. The saloon had
changed hands, and Wilson was dragged
to the roadside after the new proprietor
had emptied bis pockets of the proceeds of
the day's business.
During the few weeks following the sa
loon haa a new proprietor every few days,
and each change, with one exception, was
the result of a killing. The man who killed
W r ilson was lynched by the miners the
next evening, and while the stringing-up
process was going on a short distance
away two otuer men had attempted
to take possession of the saloon.
One of them was killed and the other
assumed charge behind the bar after his
scalp had been grazed by a bullet and an
other had disabled his left arm. He was
ready for the lynching party, however,
and opened fire on them as soon as they
came in sight, but in a few seconds fell
back on the whisky barrel fairly riddled
with bullets.
For about ten minutes the saloon was
without an owner and the air was filled
with pistoi shots, while the lynching party
settled the matter among themselves. The
new proprietor was a yotmjc man about IS
years old, who had jumped behind the bar
almost as soon as the fight commenced
and aid his shooting with one of the cor
ner posts between him and the rest of the
combatants. Thie man's name was Car
rol, and he is now a part owner in
Present Appearance of the First Saloon in the Mineral King Mining District.
a prosperous ranch in Kern County.
The fighting he did that day really
gave him hia start in life. He had earned
the respect of the miners and remained in
possession of the saloon for three days, by
which time he had sold out what was left
of the barrel of whisky and departed from
the diggings with over $1000 in his pocket.
By this time every miner in the locality
had become covetous of the saloon, and
trouble commenced as soon as Carrol left.
It had been proved that the saloon was
more profitable than mining, and several
men at once started to Visalia for a supply
of whisky. One, a little cleverer than
A GIANT AT NINETEEN
John W. Church of Spanishtown Measures 7 Feet 4 Inches
Seven feet four inches is the height of
John W. Church, a 19-year-old boy who
is engaged in the merry-go-round business
in connection with F. A. Smack at Her
mann and Valencia streets in this City.
He was born at Spanishtown, San Mateo
County. His father was a prominent
physician of Halfmoon Bay.
His mother is yet alive, and he is the
youngest of four children, two girls and
two boys. His sisters are dead. His
brother, who is six feet four inches tall, is
engaged in the timber business about Red
wood City. His father was quite a large
man, but his mother is not above the
average size of women. At his birth the
boy was not a very large child. He did
not show signs of becoming a giant until
13 years of age, when he began to sprout
out and grow at the rate of an inch a
month, and although he has now reached
a height that a six-foot man can easily
walk under his outstretched arm, he is
still growing and expects to reach a height
of eight feet.
One might suppose that his rapid growth
has materially lessened his strength, but
such is not the case, for the boy is a young
giant, and with the exception of a some
what rounded pair of shoulders, caused,
he says, from always stooping over to lis
ten to a conversation, he is a well-devel
oped lad. He weighs 215 pounds and has
the strength of a Hercules. He can lift a
300-pound weight with the greatest ease.
Possessed of rather boyish features, he
is nevertheless a shrewd and quick-witted
young fellew. His high standing in the
community is one of nature's own endow
ments.
Wnen asked if his enormous size gave
THE GIANT OF SPAMSHTOWN STANDING BESIDE A MAN 6 FEET TALL,
ISkelched by a "Call" artist.}
the others, however, stopped at a
camp much nearer and obtained a
large deraijohnful and had the sa
loon in good running order with the
old bottles and glasses before the others
got back. It seems strange that the new
arrival did not start a place of his own
near by instead of fighting. But he didn't.
He at once flew into a rage and took a shot
at the man in possession, which missed its
mark. Several shots were then exchanged,
but the man in possession held the fort
and added a barrel of whisky to his stock
in trade. But there was plenty of whisky
on tne way to Mineral King, and all the
owners of the different barrels wanted the
original saloon. Every mail that owned
it after that was killed, so that there was
soon a prosperous graveyard in a gravel
bed in the river bottom near by.
The last proprietor remained in posses
sion a week, but so much whisky had been
brought to the camp that a couple
of barrels had to be left on a hillside where
the miners came and filled all manner of
receptacles with the fiery fluid and had no
need to pay a dollar a glass. This angered
the proprietor and he went on a gunning
expedition that ended in his being lynched
and the miners dividing his stock among
them.
This ended the bloody history of the
first saloon in Mineral King. The miners
soon left the locality, but the saloon had
been so strongly built that the frame re
mains standing to mark one of the blood
iest spots in the West. Nearly forty men
met their deaths through the desire
to own the saloon, and all were dragged
to the river bottom below and buried in
the sand. It may be that some of the
bones are there yet, but the chances are
that all were washed out in the first
freshet. There is nothing about the lo
cality to indicate the awful tragedies that
have taken place near by. Even the old
road that passed close to the saloon has
been almost obliterated. In the summer
; the ruin itself becomes overgrown with
! creeping plants. The hillsides are a mass
| of flowers and birds sing joyously in the
1 trees near by.
him any annoyance he. answered in the
negative and said he was proud of his
height, as no matter where he went every
body had to looK up to him.
"I went to the Orpheum the other
night," he continued, "and when one of
the little pigmies who are performing
there saw me he got upon a chair to shake
hands. The audience noticed the occur
rence and all interest in the show was lost
for the time being, and we had to escape
to the lobby oi the theater to allow the
show to go on.
"The little dwarfs wanted me to double
up with them and act as referee during
their boxing bout on the stage, and every
time I think of it I have to laugh— l, 7 feet
4 inches tall, acting as referee over two lit
tle fellows scarcely 2% feet high. It would
De quite a contrast in height, wouldn't it,
although we are all of the same age?"
False Tails for Horses.
Miss Mary Grace Thornton, daughter of
Sir Edward Thornton, British Embassa
dor, describes the "Crowning of a Czar" in
the May Century. She- writes: "We are
deep in preparations (dresses first— l feel
quite ready now to crown the Emperor),
and hears nothing but discussions about
horses, carriages, house arrangements, ser
vants, etc. The Embassadors are exer
cised about horses for tfi« state carriages,
the Russian horse with all his 'points' De
ing too smail. Besides, if they are too
short their tails are too long. The Aus
trians are having a stable from Vienna;
but the French are boldly taking the Rus
sian horses and getting over the tail diffi
culty by tying up these long natural tails
and fastening on short false ones. They've
had a dress rehearsal, and say the effect is
excellent. What it is to be smart !"
2728
THE YOUNG ATHLETE
t-yr AVING undertaken to write a
— ' I 'series of articles on athletics, I
I 'have concluded that it would be
part of wisdom to lead off by
a few reflections on athletic
honor." A serious question this, for it
deals with the moral and the ethical side
of the subject.
The first thing the young athlete should
decide tor himself is: "What am I doing
this for-rfor money or for pleasure? Be
cause I desire to add to my income or
because I wish to develop my frame?"
Now, if the young man feels that for
reasons of poverty or for choice he must
earn all he possibly can, I am sure no
sensible person will regard him with
■scorn, provided he acquits himself honor
ably in ijis career. But lam not address
ing myself to gymnasium instructors,
bqxing. teachers, stage gymnasts and
others who strive to earn an honest livinc
by. their strength and skill. My audience
at present includes the boys, and even the
girls, who are engaged with their lessons
or in business, and whose experience is
naturally limited.
Our schools, offices and shops are filled
with young men who read daily of tne do
ings ofgreat runners and jumpers with
intense>and ambitious interest, wondering
if it would be possible for them ever to be
come so renowned. In answer to such a
question I would unhesitatinsly answer,
yes. Ido not mean that everybody can
become a great athlete, but I do say that I
have seen wonderful runners, walkers and
jumpers developed from very unpromis
ing material, because the aspirants were
determined to succee.i, and not be
thwarted by a few obstacles.
No man should guard his honor more
jealously than the amateur. He cannot
alford to take any risks on the subject ol
his standing. I "cannot stop to explain
just what it is to be an amateur; if there
should be sufficient inquiries concernine
this subject I mifht take it up at another
time, but this 1 can say in a few words:
-Consider that a medal won on a techni
cality is better refused. Prizes should be
regarded only as trophies of honorably
won competitions and not as so much
• plunder. When a man displays a medal to
a friend the latter takes it for granted that
the prize was fairly earned and not by a
"fluke," as a technicality is termed among
racing.men, or, still worse, a bit of under
handed business.
Many years atro I attended a meeting of
the New York Caledonian Club, and dur
ing the exercises became quite interested
in one competitor in the Highland
fling, though the young man was quite
unconscious of the impression he had
made upon me.
He advanced to the spot assigned, bowed
pravely to the judges, and began to dance,
if'or some minutes he moved gracefully
through the motions, and I became quite
absorbed in his skill, when suddenly he
stopped, and walked abruptly away. As
tonished, I turned to my companion and
inquired, "Why did he stop?" "Ob, he
touched one of the swords,' : was the re
sponse. "Did you see him do it?" I asked,
for I could not see that the judges had ob
served It. "Oh, no; he knew lie touched
the sword*. A point of honor, you see,"
Teplied my friend.
I have never forgotten that young man.
He has been to ke for years a type of
honor in athletics; competing for the
pleasure derived from the competition
and health gained from the exercise.
Understand, the amateur has a right to
expect a handsome medal or cup as a
prize in a successful race. But he must
regard-it as a certificate of an honorably
won contest, something tangible to show
for his exertions, a reward of merit— but
not as so much pay.
Some people argot that it is necessary
to offer young men a:i inducement to ex
ercise.: I doubt this, as I have been an
enthusiastic athlete myself, and mingled
with .thousands of the devotees of the
gymnasium and the cinder path. More
over, if what has been asserted is so there
must be something radically wrong in the
! training of our boys at home if they mnst
be bribed to strengthen their bodies and
develop thpir muscles.
Those who are not familiar with the sub
ject <lo not know the intense pleasure to
be derived from the consciousness of per-
I Bona] strength or skill in gymnastics, of
| speed in walking, running or bicycling, or
' the exultant thrill of excelling in competi
; tion. Just here I cannot understand how
a man can have the assurance to display a
medal won, or rather acquired, by taking
advantage of the misfortun • of some one,
or their innocrnce; and yet 1 have known
such thing* to he done among amateurs.
. Unfortunately there is too much of this.
There have been many books, pam-
I phlets and articles written on the subject
' of "Training," so I will not weary the
! reader with vain repetitions, but confine
j myself to hints and ideas that may prove
I useful and not threadbare.
First and most important, every young
| man who plans to enter athletic competi
tions should submit to examination by a
competent physician. In doing so he will
deal justly with himself. It is not uncom
mon to hear people say, "I did not dare to
| go to a physician for fear he would tell me
j I must not race (or dance, according to
i the gender of the patient). This is not
just to one's self, for Shakespeare says,
"To thine own self be true." Of what gen
uine benefit will the winning (or losing) of
a race be if you must carry about an intir
mity as a life atonement for a willful
wrong?
Having begun exercising, a very impor
tant problem must be solved. Rubbing
j dowu is a matter that bothers about every
' young at hlete that enters the arena of
THE YOUNG ATHLETE'S DREAM.
[ work. Can a man become successful
without being systematically rubbed
down? Yes, be can; true, he may not
.have quite the advantage of one who is
groomed daily by a strong man ; but then he
candoaprentdeal toward rubbing himself.
For instance, after the exercise and bath
let him wipe himself until the water is
about disappeared; then let him take the
coarse towel, and, grasping it by the cor
ners, proceed to "saw himself" by polish
ing the limbs and back violently. I knew
a man who won two championsnips of
America and was never systematically
rubbea down. However, if possible it
should be practiced.
The above remarks, however, suggest
another question, viz.: Are cold baths
healthy? Tnai is a question of tempera
ment and habit, as they are called. I once
knew a young man who had left a sick
bed but a few months before, where he had
been confined with typhoid fever, and at
the time of which I speak was not entirely
well. He could plunge into the cold bath
and enjoy it while I stood shivering on the
brink unable to muster iip courage to take
I the plunge. Moreover, experience taught
I me that it would have been unwise to have
attempted it. The facts of the case were
that he was of full habit— that is. his
muscles and bones were covered with a
substantial layer of fat. which acted as a
warm blanket. In ray case, however,
there was precious little fat to protect the
vital*, and the sensitive organs received
the fall effect of the cold shock.
I am aware that some people, well mean
ing, too, insist that this shrinking can be
overcome. Moreover some plucky young
fellows who see their companions'dive in
I the cold water with impunity resolve to do
the same and suffer for it rather than be
the subject of a sneer.
Now, in response to these matters, I
would say that a person who would insist
on all healthy oeople taking a cold plunge
is sadly deficient In the knowledge that is
acquired by observation and study. Fur
thermore, that he is exceedingly narrow in
his views. He should know what is meant
for one may be poison for another. We
are not all constituted alike and tolerance
is one of the great virtues of this age. As
for cold sponge baths I would recommend
them to all but the sickly, followed by a
vigorous rubbing.
Training for the cinder path should be
accompanied by a vigorous use of the
dumbbells on rising in the morning.
However, it is not imperative that the
exercise should be taken at the beginning
of the day, although it is generally con
ceded that the best results are obtained at
that time. The motions sl/ould be varied
•Bd designed to stretch and invigorate all
the muscles of the arms, wrist, chest
stomach and back. The weight of the
bells should not exceed live pounds for a
person weighing 125 pounds, but much
less for lighter people. It is a great mis
take to use heavy dumbbells for daily
exercise. Pulley weights and 'ndian clubs
tin be substituted for dumbbells if de-
I H.red.
• Let me mention a point that is not gen
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY 3, 1896.
erally known, certainly not often utilized.
In training for any violent performance a
great d^al of walking should be taken. It
13 a fact that walking is one of the very
best forms of physical exercise; for it puts '
oxygen in large quantities into the lungs,
strengthens the muscles and improves the
appetite, but particularly the digestion.
Understand, I am not referring to "heel
and toe" walking, for that class of ath
letics I long since learned to frown upon.
(Just why I will postpone for another
time.) I refer simply to walking on the
roads, in the fields and over the hills. At
first the speed should be only three and a
half miles an hour; this in time may be
increased to four miles, and at the end of
six months the young athlete will be able
to reel off five miles an hour. This he will
tind wonderfully invigoiating. — GeoegeD.
Baird.
A CHANCE FOR A NAME
We Are on the Edge of Greater
Discoveries Than Roent
gen's.
What Dr. Jones Says Could Be Done
Here If $10,000 Were Given
for a Laboratory.
Dr. Philip Mills Jones, whose experi
ments in photographing through human
flesh and other objects by the X ray has
attracted such unusual attention, says:
"\Ve are right on the verge of other discov
eries, greater even than those that have
been made."
He says that if some rich man, or two
or three of them, would contribute
only $5000 or $10,000 for proper apparatus
the results, in his judgment, if intel
ligent experiments were made, would be
THE SUBBING DOWK PROCESS.
SHIVERING UNDER THE SHOWER.
wonderful. The appropriation, with its
consequent phrapahemalia, might be util
ized in connection with Berkeley or some
other institution or put in private hands.
The doctor said yesterday, when asked
what was going on in connection with
Roentgen's discovery:
"Well, there is considerable work going
on in this part of the world. At Berkeley
they have a pretty good plant, but unfor
tunately the professors have not a great I
deal of time to devote to this one question. ,'
I am working along doing the best I can, j
with limited means, and have obtained j
some very good results. I could get very
much better results, both useful and scien
tific, however, if I had more money to
ppend on it. You see it lakes money to
do anything.
"But you have your own apparatus,
have you not?"
"Oh, yes; but, you see, in all lines of re
search one is constantly in need of little
things. One comes to the point, in any
given line of work, where he must have
something more or for lack of it stop.
And by the way, do you know this would
be just the chance for some of our million
aires to make a name for them«elves and
do a great work for science, and also make
a name for San Francisco."
"I mean that if any one of a dozen or
more of our wealthy people would put up
say $10,000 to fit up a laboratory for this
work it would be commendable in the ex
treme. Here is a question that has startled
the whole world. It involves a great many
fine scientific problems that must be worked
out, and there is no reason why San Fran
cisco should not be at the head of the
procession.
"What is the real nature of these rays?
What i 9 their rate of propagation? Why
is it that only certain conditions seem to
produce them? Why may they not be
produced in other ways? What will they
do? Can they not be made to show the
condition of the organs as well as of the
bones of the body? How do they affect
chemicals, plant and animal hie ? Do they
have any effect on germs of disease,
in or out of the body? These are only a
few of the questions that are to be an
swered, and will be solved, sooner or later,
and there is no reason why San Francisco
should not do some of thisgood work.
"No, there is nothing original with me
in the idea of having some wealth}' man
furnish the money to equip a laboratory,
there are several such in the country now,
and very "many abroad. The good that
they do is marvelous.
"And then, think of the value such an
institution would be to the City and vici
nity. With more room, more apparatus and
more time to devote to it I could very soon
be able to examine the entire skeleton of a
man and locate exactly any foreign body
and any trouble with the bones. It would
be of great value to the people and to the
surgeons."
"Do you think the sum you mentioned
($10,000) would be enough to equip a labor
atory capable of doing such work as Tesla
and Edison are doing in New York?"
"I have not a doubt of it. With that
amount of money at my disposal I could,
in a very short time, have in opera
tion a plant that would be as satis
factory as any in the country, and I
i think I could demonstrate some very
valuable problems. You see lam my own
electrician, and most of the work of that
| kind that I need I do myself, which is
I economical and also insures things being
done the way I want them. I think my
work speaks for itself. No letter re
sults than mine, so far as they co,
have been achieved anywhere. To be
sure more extensive apparatus is being
used in several laboratories, and conse
quently more powerful rays are obtainel
and thicker structures penetrated and
made visible, but within the range of my i
A HORSE STANDING ON OUR STEEP GRADES.
[Sketched by a "Call" artist.]
apparatus no better results have been ob
tained anywhere. That is the reason why
I am confident that with enough
money to furnish the necessaries,
and the 'incidentals' that pile up
and worry one, I could obtain results
equal to those achieved anywhere."
"Do you think, doctor, that such a
laboratory would pay?"
"It would not be money-making, if that
is what you mean, but I think that it
would very scon be self - support
ing. There are a great many peo
ple who desire to have a view of
their broken or diseased bones, or
to have pins, needles or bullets located,
and in a short time the majority of sur
geons would consider it a necessity to take
a look at the condition of every fracture or
dislocation — to see just how the bones are
placed and their condition. Proper
fees could be charged for doing this
work in such cases as could afford to
pay, and in that way the laboratory would
soon be self-supporting. No, there is no
reason why California should not be at
the head of the procession. We have a
man here in the City — Mr. Lament — who
makes as good vacuum tubes as those
made anywhere in the world. I have
personally used a great many tubes
manufactured in this country and
abroad, and there is not one of them that
will compare with a tube made for me by
Mr. Lamont, after my own design. So
you see the work would all be home
product, by home talent. There certainly
can be no better way of soending money
than in doing something that is of
interest to every one, and of great value
to humanity and to science. Probably no
money that Colonel Crocker has ever
spent will bring him in so much gratifica
tion as his donation of sufficient funds to
send the astronomers to Japan to observe
the coming solar eclipse. And here is a
chance for spending a little money
and obtaining results that would be
of very much greater value to the com
munity. For one person who will profit
by the observation of the eclipse, a thou
sand would be benefited by the presence
of such a laboratory as I speak of here in
San Franciico."
"Well, doctor, it is to be hoped that
some one will aid you with funds to do
this work."
"Oh, I'm not out on a begging expedi
tion ! lam doing what work I can and
making all the research I can within my
means. The work is extremely interest
ing and I only wish I could do more of it.
Perhaps The Call will awaken some one
to a realization of the opportunity he is
missing."
A Woodchuck'i Big Leap.
One day last week Fred Acomb and an
other man happened to be crossing the
railroad bridge at Stony .Brook Glen at the
same time in opposite directions, and as
each stepped upon the end of the bridge a
woodchuck was seen in the middle of the
bridge. It was badly frightened, and after
running back and forth a few times it gave
a leap and went down, down to the bans
below at the water's edge, a distance of at
least 180 feet. In an instant it sprang up,
and with only a slightly labored attempt
it crawled up the bank into the woods and
out of sight. In his best days Sam Patch
couldn't have made such a successful leap.
— Danaville Express.
EQUINE AILMENTS.
MISS RUSSELL HAS SOMETHING TO SAY ABOUT THE CARE OF
HORSES' FEET.
In a single block, on Sansome street, a
few days ago, I noticed no less than four
cases of sore heels among the horses pass
ing along the pavement. Of the afflicted
animals three were heavy drafthorses, of
the kind affected by San Francisco dray
men, presumably because no other variety
of animal save an elephant could drag the
horse-kilJing monstrosities here used for
transporting merchandise. In one case
the "feather" of hair on the massive fet
lock joint was cut away, and the trouble
was evidently undergoing treatment. The
hair on the heels of the other two was
matted and foul with exudation from the
wounds, so that it was difficult to deter
mine whether they were being treated.
The fourth victim was a lively little brown
mare, hitched to a light delivery wagon,
and driven by a boy.
If I were of a malignant disposition I
could wish my worst enemy no worse fate
than to be a San Francisco horse, attached
to the average delivery wagon and driven
by the average delivery boy. The latter is
always in a hurry, his industry, when
urging his steed up our steep, cobble
paved hills, being equaled only by the
calm deliberation of his movements when,
having stopped his horse and left it just
where it blocks the way of a cable-car, he
saunters, at the gripman's call, to remove
the obstruction. With admirable moder
ation he approaches the vehicle, medi
tatively he mounts the wheel, takes his
seat cautiously and leisurely gathers up
the reins, turns to smile at the exasper
ated carmen and then brings his whip
suddenly and unexpectedly upon his
horse'sback. The startled animal plunges
and starts at a gallop, only to be pulled up
with a jerk half a dozen paces further on.
Apparently the boy who drives a delivery
wagon has no notion of any other method
of starting a horse than this, or of any
other method of stopping than to throw
his weight upon the reins and pull the
animal back upon ijis haunches. Any
idea of gentleness, or responsibility
toward the dumb creature in his control,
seems entirely foreign to him and quite
unworthy of consideration.
Notice one of these unfortunate horses
standing beside the curb, on one of our
steep grades, and you will readily under
stand one cause of sore heels. The animal
is usually headed un the hill, his hind legs
strained backward as he braces his weight
against the collar to hold up the wagon.
In this position the tendons are stretched,
the ankles rendered tender and weak; even
the skin is sometimes stretched and made
oversensitive. Careless cleaning some
times at the hands of the careless driver
and or hurried and careless grooms adds
to the evil. The ankles are left in a fever
ish condition, the oily matter that lubri
cates the heel becomes scanty, the heels
get dry and sensitive; finally the skin
cracks, and we have an advanced casp of
"grease," or "cracked heels," a very com
mon ill among San Francisco horses, par
ticularly in wet weather, and one which is
really never the result of anything besides
carelessness and neglect.
A horse, to be kept healthy, should al
ways be kept clean, but nowhere should
more scrupulous nicety be observed than
in the care of his feet and ankles. Yet the
latter, in particular, are points more fre
quently neglected than almost any other.
When, as in the case of most' of our
heavy drafthorses, the animals have
thick, long fetlocks extending well up the
leg. it is of imperative importance that
thi3 hair should be kept scrupulously
clean. .For this purpose it should be re
ligiously brushed at least once a day, but
unless it is afterward thoroughly dried it
should never be wet. Tais is a truth
known presumably to every groom, yet in
many a livery stable I have seen these
horses brought in on a muddy day, their
feet and ankles washed off with a hose
stream and the animals then sent with
dripping fetlocks to their stalls. There,
well littered down, they are left until
morning. Their ankles get very warm iv
the thick bedding, and the "process of
steamin- is inevitable and effectual. Under
such treatment there is small wonder that
the pasterns become sore and the horse
goes lame.
It is not a difficult matter to dry a
horse's feet. A little rubbing after wetting
with clean, dry straw, and afterward with
a bit of sacking is enough, although, if the
fetlocks ate kept trimmed, as 1 is usually
the case with liirht driving animals, band
aging for a short time is almost necessary.
The practice of clipping the fetlocks pre
disposes to cracked heels, as the pasterns
are then more exposed to wet and the ac
cumulation of dirt, but a long fetlock is
an ungainly looking decoration for the
ankles of a carriage- horse. When the
ankles are dry they can easily be cleaned
with a brush, and in muddy weather it is
always best to let the fetlocks dry and
then brush them, but under no circum
stances should the brushing be neglected
It is also well in wet weather to keep the
pasterns anointed with vaseline or zinc
ointment.
Dirty stalls and foul litter are prolific
sources of grease which, it is well to note
are far more apt to occur in the hind than
in the fore feet. One of the first indica
tions of the trouble is a slight scurviness
of the stin. It scales off and shows on
the hair like dandruff. This appearance
always calls for an investigation of the
heels, lhe best treatment is to clip the
hair, apDly hot fomentations and bathe
with calendula lotion or, better vet apply
calendulated vaseline, which any druggist
will prepare for you. I have found no
remedy, not even zinc ointment, so effect
ive as calendula iv cases of dry cracking
and of suppurative wounds in horses In
the latter the lotion should be used If
there is a good deal of inflammation it is
well to give the tincture of aconite inter-
nally, say, ten drops thrice daily. Flem
ing, "who is usually good authority, recom
mends carboiized sweet oil in grease —
evidently under the impression that the
mixture has some antiseptic properties, an
idea long since exploded, but still inhering
in a good many minds.
Cracked heeis is really a mild form of
grease, but usually with less inflammation-."
The cracks, however, in many cases, show
a tendency to become chronic, and it j 8
sometimes necessary to touch them with
undiluted carbolic acid, after which zinc
ointment should be well rubbed into the
pastern and coronet. In miid cases thor
ough cleansing and plentiful application
of the ointment will be found sufficient to
effect a cure.
A somewhat similar affection of the
heels of horses is known as mud fev^f.
It is due to similar causes, but the in
flammation is usually greater and often ex- •
temls up the leg and alontr the belly.
There may even be considerable swelling
of the legs, and the lameness is more
marked than in the other cases. In treat
inc, the calendulated vaseline will be
found most effective, or a mixture of one
part of olive oil to fear of glycerine. The
fetlocks of a horse that has had mud
fever should always afterward be kept
long and dirt should never be allowed to
remain in them. If washing becomes
necessary the skin should be thoroughly
dried and the ankles bandaged in flannel,
indeed, flannel bandages at niebt during
wet or cold weather will be found to be
almost necessary and pertinent. If there
is much fever during the activity of the
disease the aconite treatment may be of
value.
I ara well aware that all this care of the
ankles sounds troublesome, and yet its
neglect is a frequent cause of still more
troubles. The horse is more peculiarly
heir to disease than any other of the do
mesticated animals, probably because tiria
condition, under domestication, is more
radically different than is that of the
others, from his environment in the natu
ral stall. But he is man's most faithful
servant and, as such, is entitled to the
best care and most skillful attention that
man can give him. The particular evil
which I saw among the horses on Sansome
street that day is one of the commonest
that attends them, and, it might be said,
almost the only one that is, pure and
simple, the result of careles3 or ignorant
neglect. Miss Russell.
A Biblical Coincidence.
When Jarvis C. Perry looked into the
ruins of the Perry Brothers' block at Rock-
land after the late fire he saw what
seemed to be the blackened and crum
bling remains of a large book. He inves
tigated further and found it had been an
old family Bible belonging to his grand
father and grandmother. Hoping to save
at least the family record, he Carefully
picked it up. bat that had cone with the
rest. Only one page had escaped destruc
tion, and pulling that out to save as a
relic he was surprised on glancing at it to
see these words: "This shall be thine of
the most holy things, reserved from the
fire." — Lewiston Journal.
•—• — ♦ — . •
Each British soldier costs his country
$200 every year.
NEW TO-DAT. ° c ° "o
tjra A J From U.S.Joumal of MaXlHi* 0 °
I T A _^ Prof. W. H. Peeke, who .
H "% r/^ makes a specialty of
Mil Bk Epilepsy, has without ■
■f^^ 3 a -^k doubt treated and cur- 0
19 ' S ed more cases than any °
\ '-. tS i^ living Physician his ° '"
5 p Iky success is astonishing. °
A JBL y(*^a^ %c have heard of cases o ° <-;
Cof 30 years' standing V ,
«gS cured by ( j4
_^ 1H him. Ho
tie of his absolute cure, free to any sufferers -
who may send their P. O. and Express address, r .
£L. c aoyise any one wishing: a cure to address c '
*rof.W. H. Pg£KE, F. D.> 4 Cedar St., NewYor* c
THE ,
PIERCE
TRIED AND TRUE :-{>
PIERCE MODEL 10. . ■„ ■''
Honor- Bright Value
Stylish and Reliable I ; : °'c
$75 AND $100 ° °
>
HOLBROOK, MERRILL & STETSOJ,
SAN FRANCISCO, - SACRAMENTO
Market & Beale. 223 J Street.NOVELTIES IN THE REALMS
OF
SCIENCE, LITERATURE
AND
ART.
THE latest in the way of submarine
architecture is the invention of
Simon Lake of Atlantic Highlands,
N. J. It is called a submarine
locomotive or wrecking-car. In
general shape the device is an elongated
cylinder pointed at both ends. It is in
tended to travel above and below water
and is fitted with steam engines and elec
tric storage batteries. When moving about
from place to place above water tne steam
engine is used and the vessel driven by a
propeller w-heel. There is also an above
. water pilot-bouse located in the center of
the vessel.
The vessel is sunk beneath the- surface
by a detachable keel of great oweignt that
1
is connected to the inside wiin wire ropes j
passing over windlasses bo that the vessel
ran be raised or lowered in a certain spot j
at will.
It is intended that the vessel shall [
travel along the bottom of the body of ,
water in which it is at work. For this j
:■■ purpose the propelling power is a pair of
.traction wheels, one on each side of the
boat, that are geared to an electric motor ,
operated by the storfcge battery. The |
vessel is steerci beneath the surface by a j
■wheel that is fitted into the rudder, but j
operated from a pilot-house in the prow.
In the forward portion of the vessel \
there is a diviner compartment with a bot- j
torn door through which the diver can j
come and go. It is supplied with air
pumps operated by electricity that caji j
ker;. the pressure the same as tbe water J
anil also prevent tlie water from rushing!
in. There are cranks and derricks of dif
ferent kinds in the diving compartment
that arc expected to aid the diver in his
worK.
All of^t.he latest safety contrivances are
made use of in this vessel. It is impossi
ble for water to get throueh ary of the
Openings, as t.h.ey-are supplied with valves
thai close automatically by the pressure
of the water on the outside. All of the
engines are made, to run forward and bnck
wnrd and every part of the craft is sup
plied with electric-lights. There is one in
the diving compartment that the diver can '■
take with him .when he goes to inspect a ;
wreck. The vessel is also supplied with i
pumps for emptying; the hulls of wrecks. !
Fresh air for the men is carried in a tank i
8t the stern of the vessel and Irom there it |
is piped to different places. By this !
means the men get it as fresh as possible, j
A Sanitary Envelope*
Many persons object to running thoir
tongue along the inucilaged flap of an en
velope and a ''sanitary envelope" has j
been devised by Thomas T. Handly of
Pittsburg, by the invention of a process by
which the mucilage is put on the back of
the envelope ratber than the flap. The
flap is moistened and then laid over the
gummed section of the back.
Opened Without a Corkscrew.
If the invention of Thomas If. Dilling
bam of New York proves to be all that he
claims for it picnickers who have a habitof
forgetting their corkscrews will have a
great deal to thank him for. The inven-
tinn is a bottle that can be easily opened
without the use of any instrument.
There is practically no difference in the
appearance of the bottle from those in
general use. But the neck, instead of
bping * £olid, has a groove around it in
about the position where the center of the
qork would he. Thjs is, of course, the v eak>
est part of the bottle, and when the end
of the neck is struck against any substance
it will break at ju-t that point, leaving
enough of the cork to be takeu hold of
and pulled out.
Pneumatic Hubs.
The pneumatic tire's wonderful success
has led to the application of several other
pneumatic features to the bicycle. Tbe
pneumatic saddle has been on ti e market
v>me time, and now a wheel is constructed
with a "pneumatic hub." The principle
involved is in the application of an air
chamber of rubber between the wheel of
the machine and the frame. The air
chamber is provided with a valve stem
and valve. A well-known rubber com
pany manufactures the chamber, ana it
is claimed that 13r per cent of pure .fara
pum enters into its makeup. This, with
the i'ubrtc, gives » receptacle which will
I resist, a pressure of 600 pounds to the
square inch.
It is claimed that a hub of this character
I will render the movements of the wheel
.smoother and give a freer movement to
] the pedals, thus insuring greater speed
: witii less exertion on the part of the rider.
i The weight of a wheel fitted with one of
; these hubs is not increased a particle.
New Departure in Plow-Making.
All wealth originally comes from the
! soil, and he who, by inventive skill, im
! pioves the methods of tillage is "greater
than he who taketi» a city." A new and
! striking principle in plows is presented in
the invention of William H. Bradshaw of
i Orange, N. J., and for which the patent
i was granted on January 14. The machine
SUBMARINE LOCOMOTIVE.
at first sight resembles a mowing machine,
! with the cutter bar in the rear, but where
the cutter bar would be is a series of plow
j blades running on an endless chum, which
■ is geared to the main or driving wheel by
a traveling rod. The oddity Is that the
furrow, or series of successive furrows, are
; cut at right angles to the line of travel,
1 thus plowing at each successive "round"
a strip as wide as the machine, which
| would be about the width of four ordinaiy
; furrows.— From New Ideas.
Kdiaon'a >*ew Phonograph.
The new Edison phonograph conforms
I in a general way to the older type, but it
i has two decided elements of noveJty. One
: is that it is operated by a spring motor,
The New Phonograph.
and the other that it is to be sold for about ■
| $40, thus placing the instrument within j
| the reach of everybody, as a very formid
i able rival to the limited musical box. Mr.
; Edison has found that many people are ''
I still unable to avail themselves of street
! current for the dearer phonograph run by
j electric motor, or else are very aver«e to
bothering with primary batteries, which
few of them understand. Hence he has
deemed it advisable to build this new
phonograph, which is driven by a single
double-spring clockwork mechanism
packed away snugly under the lid of the
box.
A Quaen's Scientific Experiment.
The King of Portugal and his entire
court are rejoicing over the zeal and in
dustry with which Queen Amelie is devot
ing herself to the study of the Roentgen
light. Her Majesty puts in all ncr time
now in photograDhing King Carlos and
the ladies and gentlemen of tbe court, in
order to discover what their skeletons are
like. For several years the Queen has been
a rapt student of medicine, and in her en
thusiastic pursuit of medical science and
by her experiments has reduced some of
her ladles-in-waiting almost to death's
door. Now that the Queen has a new
hobby the Portuguese court rejoices,
especially the King, as the Queen was
always insisting upon his trying new
methods, discovered by herself, for reduc
ing his growing corpulency. It is even
said that in consequence of the King's
gratitude to Roentgen the professor is to
be invited to the court at Lisbon and will
receive a high decoration from his
Majesty.— Washington Times.
First Map of America.
It was an Italian who discovered the
New World. It was a second Italian who,
wresting from the first the eponymic glory
which was his right, gave his own name to
the newly discovered lands. What should
have been Columbia became America, be
SUPPOSED TO BE TUE FIRST MAP OF AMERICA.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY 3, 1896.
cause it was falsely believed that the main- |
land had been reached by Amerigo Ves
pucci among all modern explorers.
It is therefore fitting that an Italian
publisher, U. Hoepli of Milan, is bringing
out fac-similes of sundry works of gieat
interest and rarity which bear upon the
question of the naming of our country.
Most important of these is a little'trea
tise entitled "Globus Mundi," which was
published anonymously between 1605 and
1510. Its authorship is'attributed, though
on insufficient authority, to Henricus Lo
vitus Glarcanus, a gt-ographer and map
maker of the early sixteenth century. It
is memorable as the first book in which
the name America is formally given to
the new continent. The suggestion of this
name had, indeed, been made in 1507 by
Hylacomylus, in his "Co*raographiie In
troductio," published in Die, in a passing
allusion to "a fourth part of the world,
which, since Amerigo found it, we may
call Amerieo or America." Bat it was the
"Globus Mundi" that first adopted the
suggestion.
Another feature of great interest in the
Globus is a map of the eastern hemisphere,
containing in the left-hand corner a small
fragment of the newly discovered conti
nent, which juts out at about the same
longitude as the Cape of Good Hope. This
is labeled not America, but Nium Welt, or
New World. The map is especially inter
esting as being, with tbe possible" excep
tion of the Ptolomseus edition of 1508, the
first that contains America.— New York
Herald.
An Ingenious Beehive.
All beekeepers will be interested in the
invention of Cyrus C. Aldrich of Morris
town, Minn. It is a beehive with the re
movable comb-frames so arranged that
they swing free from the sides and as a
consequence do not become glued by pro-
| polis which is such a trouble in the ordi
i nary style of hive.
This is secured in the simplest manner.
One side of the hive is made so that it can
be taken off. Half the roof, or honey
board, can also be removed and thereby
expose an overhead support with a series
of hook-seats. These are really only a
row of holes Dored into the center of the
support with grooves cut from the opening
of each to the bottom edge of the sup
port.
The comb-frames are of the ordinary
pattern. In the center of the top piece of
each a hook is inserted of such a shape
that it will fit into any one of the honk
seats when the frame is inserted into the
'■ hive. The replacing of the roof locks
', them into position. There are small
cleats on the side-walls of the hive that
engage the frames and prevent them from
swinging against one another.
In this hive the arrangement of the
\ overhead support-bar makes it possible to
I remove a single frame if so desired. The
space can be left open or a fresh frame can
be inserted at once. Or, by remoyine both
i sides of the roof, the support bar itself can
be lifted out with all the comb-frames
banging to it.
Paper Matches.
The time-honored scheme of rolling up
j a piece of paper and using it for a lighter
has been utilized by an inventor in the
manutacture of matches. The invention
promises to revolutionize European match
manufacturing and is particularly timely
because the wood for this purpose is con
stantly growing scarcer and more costly.
The new matches are considerably
ci.caper than wooden matches and weigh
much les>s, a fact which counts for much
in the exportation. The sticks of these
matches consist of paper rolled together
on the bias. The paper is rather strong
and porous, and when immersed in a so
lution of wax, stearine and similar sub
stances will easily stick together and burn
with a bright, smokeless and odorless
flame. Strips of half an inco in width are
first drawn through the combustible mass
spoken of above, and then turned by ma
chinery into lone thin tubes, pieces of tlie
ordinary lencth of wood or wax matches
being cut off automatically by the ma
chine. When the sticks are cut to size
they are dipped into the phosphorous
mass, also by the machine, apd the dry
head easily ignites by friction on any sur
face.
New Things In Bicycles.
Strenuous efforts are being made to
manufacture a bicycle-boat that in time
will come into use. Another of this type
of machine, whose construction is very in
teresting, was patented last week. It con
sists of a bicycle-like frame and a pair of
boats supporting and pivoted to the frame.
Oue or more paddle-wheels are also carried
by the frame and operated by the peilals
in the same manner as tbe bicycle. :-teer
ing-<:earand rudders are also provided and
are operated by the handle bar on the
frame. Such a device would hardly do for
rough water, however. It is possible,
though, that we may soon see a bicycle
boat sailing on one of our smooth water
streams.
For individuals wishing to ride in pairs
without a "bicycle built for two" a simple
coupling device has been placed on sale.
It consists of a frame composed of trans
verse brace bars secured at the ends of the
bicycle frames by means of clamps. It
can be easily adjusted or removed and is
a welcome device for persons wishing to
ride side by side.
One of the many inventions for support
ing a rider in the saddle consists of an ad
justable belt to surround the wheelman's
waist, straps connected to the belt and
Adjustable Drace and Support.
adapted to be connected to the ends of the
handle bar and an adjustable strap con
necting the rear under side of the belt and
the bicycle seat. This device gives rest to
the rider's back and permits him to ride
with hands off the handle bar when he so
desires.
How Cold* Are Taken.
A person in good health, with fair play.
Bays the Lancet, easily resists cold. But
when the health flags a little, and liber
ties are taken with the stomach, or the
nervous eystem, a chill is easily taken,
and according to the weak spot of the in
dividual, assumes the form of a cold or
pneumonia, or, it may be, jaundice.
Of all the causes of "cold" probably fa
tigue is one of the most efficient. A jaded
man coming home at night from a long
day's work, a growing youth losing two
hours' sleep over evening parties two or
three times a week, or a young lady heav
ily "doing the season." young children
overfed and with a short allowance of
sleep, are common instances of the vic
tims of "cold." Luxury is favorable to
chill-taking; very hot rooms, feather beds,
soft chairs, create a sensitiveness that leads
to catarrhs.
It is not, after all, the "cold" that is so
much to be feared as the antecedent con
ditions that give the attack a chance of
doing harm. Some of the worst "colds"
happen to those who do not leave their
house or even their beds, and those who
ar« most invulnerable are often those who
are most exposed to changes of tempera
ture, and who by good sleep, cold baih
ing and regular habits preserve
the tone of their nervous sys
tem and circulation. Probably many
chills are contracted at night or at the iag
end of the day, when tired people get the
equilibrium of thfiir circulation disturbed
by either overheated sitting-rooms or un
derheated bedrooms and beds. This is
specially the ca»e with elderly people. In
such cases the mischief is not always done
instantaneously, or in a single night. It
often takes place insidiously, extending
over days or even weeks.
Various Notes,
The Engineering News remarks concern
ing »he new electric locomotive that carries
its own boiler and engine that "the plan
of combining in a single machine a boiler,
engine, dynamo, storage battery and
electric motor with, the numerous'
operating and controlling devices wnich
each require, and all for the purpose
of proDelling a car alont: a railway track,
is one which harmonizes much bett»r with
the French mechanic's pencnant for com
plication than the American practice for
choosing the simplest And most direct
means of reaching a desired end. • * •
No matter how fast the locomotive may
rnn or how skilfully its promoters may
present their estimates, t c fact will re
niuin that it is a mechanical absurdity to
develop mechanical poweron a locomotive
and then proceed tirst to convert it into
eleciric current and next to convert that
current bnck into mechanical power in
order to apply it to the driving-wheels."
The possibility within the near futur*
of maintaining speeds of 100 miles an hour
on electrically equipped tu.nlc Jin s nnd
operating them with financial success whs
admitted in a recent address by l". \\\
Webb, the chief engineer of the London
and Northwestern Railway Bngiaiid. Mr.
Webb is perhaps the letdi authority in
that country on question* affecting the
steam locomotive; »nd his three-cylin
dered compound will In* remembered by
vif-itors to the Cnirano Excosition.
A mastodon's skull in & tine state of
preservation was dug up at tfuchanan,
Mich., near the Indiana boundary, a few
days ago. It measures 2}4 feet in wklt i
and has four perfect teeth. The teeth
measure about 4 inches by 6l£ inches.
A watch with the bands moving from
right to left is being made by Swiss watch
makers. It is designed for the markets of
Turkey, Japan and other Oriental coun
tries where the natives read all writing in
the reverse direction from that common
among Western uations. There is said to
; be a demand for such watches and the
; European maker sets a good example to
! many of our own manufacturers by meet
ing this demand and adapting its product
to the customs of tne native consumer.
A new glass globe called the Holophane,
I for diffusing the rays from intense light?,
is being introduced in England. It is in
tended particularly for use with arc lamps
and incandescent gaslights as a substitute
j for around glass and opal glass, which are
i used at present. The giobe is made of per
fectly clear glass and it has two series of
1 ridges on its surface, one set vertical round
| the inside nnd the other set horizontal
i round the outside. The orb of light thus
I produced is yen pleasant io tne eye, while
the amount of illumination is undirain
: ished.
Some of the medical journals report a
new affection of the eyes, caused, it is said,
by the prevailing method of seating in
streetcars. The effort to fix the gaze upon
passing objects causes an annoying strain
anil twitching in the external muscles of
the globe*.
Ati Englisli photographer, says the
Medical News, who sent out a picture of a
foot showing an embedded needle, re
i ceived a telegram from a customer saying:
■ "Photograma received, very tame. "Send
| more sensational ones, such as interior of
! belly, backbone, brains, liver, kidneys,
! heart, lungs, etc."
A Vienna professor says the writers
I have hitherto occupied themselves mainly
I with speculations on the circumstances
BICYCLE BOAT.
j which have led to man becoming denuded
iof his hairy covering. The hairs, how
j.ever, are not only degenerated organs, but
huve also to fulfill some functions. There
is a group, such as the eyelashes
and eyebrows, for instance, which
. are sensorial organs, possessing tac
| tile functions, and moreover serve as a
I protection to the eyes. In places where
j two integumentary surfaces are in contact
they act as rollers and facilitate the gliding
of the integumentary surfaces on each
other. A third function of the haire con
sists in the equalization of surface tem
perature. There is no doubt that the hair
of the scalp protects the head against
external cold and also prevents the loss
of heat through the very low thermal
conductivity of the hair-cylinders and of
the cushion of air intermingled with them.
Some idea of the vast extent of the sur
face of the earth may oe obtained when it
is noted that if a lofty church steeple is
i ascended, and the landscape visible from
it looked at, 900,000 such landscapes must
! be viewed in order that the whole earth
' may be seen.
The speed with which sound waves are
transmitted through the atmosphere de
pends on several conditions. When the
temperature is at 32 degrees Fahrenheit,
! sounds move with a. speed of 1090 feet per
! second, the velocity increasing with the
J temperature at the rate of about one foot
of *peed per second for each degree above
the treezing point. Then, again, in damp
air sound moves with a greater velocity
than it does in dry air, no odds if the dry
air be warm and the damp cold. In water
sound moves more than four times as fast
as it does in air, or say at about the rate of
47<X) feet per second.
The English Royal Naval architect says
that a "perfect" modern man-of-war
should weigh not less than 25,000 tons and
cost at least £2,000,000, or 510,000,000.
The pavement in front of the William
H. Vanderb;lt residence in New York City
cost over $40,000. The single stone lyintj
directly in front is the largest known pav
ing stone, and cost, transportation and all,
I $9000.
The primary, secondary, tertiary and
j quaternary colors are often mentioned in
embroidery. The primary colors are blue,
yellow and red. The secondary colors
■ are orange, composed of yellow and
red; purp c, composed of red and blue:
and green, composed of yellow and
blue. The tertianes are caitine, yellow
predominating; russet, red predoininat
, ing, and gray, with blue predominating.
! Besides these tertiary there are buff, tawny,
j dun chestnut, maroon and chocolate. The
quaternaries are auburn, orange predomi
nating; brown, in deeper tone; puce, a
purple brown, and lavender and violet —
various adniixtures of red, blue and white.
The division of time into hours was
known to the Babylonians since the re
motest times of antiquity.
The disposition of the typical young
lady to have "a jjoocl cry" seems to have
j been found physiologically proper. Medi
cal authorities assert that crying is the
best exercise for young children. One hos
pital superintendent 9ays that a healthy
baby should cry three or four times a day
at jeast, and from ten to fifteen minutes at
a time.— Science News.
A DIMINUTIVE HOUSE.
Occupied by
Henry Colvaa on the
.Shores of San Antonio Creek.
San Antonio Creek, that divides Marin
and Sonoma counties, has a perfect colony
of odd characters living along its banks.
Some of these are men who earn their liv
ing by fishing, some are tramps and the
rest might be called cranks. In tbe last
class Henry Colvas must be counted, for,
according to his own story, he lives there
only because he wants to.
Colvas' aim in life is, as he says, "to live
close to nature." To accomplish his pur-
Henry Colvas Explains the Advantage of
II s Ucsidencc*
[From a sketch.)
pose he has constructed the most original
sort of house, and it is also the smallest
residence in the State, beyond doubt. In
fact it is so small it is little more than a
box. It is about nine feet long and tbe
end is three feet square, which would give
about eighty-one cubic feet on the inside.
It is over a year since Colvas took up his
straime abode, and he says lie likes it
more and more every day. He says that
he has no need to live there, as he has
plenty of money in a bank in San Fran
cisco. By the use of a very little of this
he obtains ail of the comforts of life and
wonders why all the re«t of the people in
tbe world don't follow his example.
"I could live in a house on Nob Hill if I
wished," he said, "but I don't want to,
and wouldn't traoe this little home for the
best of them. Out here lam as Iree as tue
birds, as my Creator intended me to be.
I have all I want to eat, and don't have to
work myself into an early grave to keep
up tne dictates of fashion/
•'Civilization is all a hollow raockerv,"
Oolvas concluded, "and cannot exist with
freedom. No man can be free and Jive in
a civilized community, as the obligations
of that condition are "sure to make a slave
of him."
It is plain that Colvas is an anarchist,
although he says he is only a freeman.
He says tie was born in France and lived
in slavery forty years before taking up his
present mode of life. He certainly has
little to worry him. He cooks his meals
on a camprire that he builds amons; a pile
of stones, and the rest of the day he
spends in the contemplation of nature. At
night he crawls, ieet first, into his box,
pulls bis blankets around him and is at
peace with nature.
The location of his residence is only a
few feet above the marsh and it really looks
like a ducktiouse.
HER REPENTANCE.
I know I'm called a queer old maid
And folk laugh at my plain black dress;
It Isn't lust the highest grade _ .
Of fashionable clothes, 1 guess. ■
But thirty years ago 1 wore
The gayest costume of the gay,
Although it wasn't long before
• I cast the sinful snare away.
I wore • bright green bombazine.
With ruffles four deep on the skirt,
White hose and gaiter-tops of green -
And sachet- of motherwon.
1 had a necklace made of jet,
And wore a breastpin cameo
Three times as large as those you get
These wicked days of carnal show.
I had cock feathers in my hat
And wore a white silk India shawl,
Jet bracelets, and it strikes me that
1 had a yellow parasol.
I shudder as I think of when
I wore those sinful carnal clothes
In sadness I repented— then
Clave all the things to Sister Rose.
' f? .f- V —Chicago Record.
QUEER INVENTIONS PATENTED.
Curbstone Cycle Rack and Ts'on-Explod
able Kerosene Lamp.
A number of patents for queer inven
tions were issued during the past week,
say* a Washiugton dispatch to the Globe-
Democrat.
Jennie Reid of Pond Creek station, I. T.,
NEW TO-DAY.
An absolutely safe dentifrice, popular with refined people for over
half a century. - • • - All Druggists.
TTeethi&Breath*
A sample of liquid Bozodont by mall, provided you mention this publication and send three cents for
postage. Address the Proprietors of Souodont, Halt, <fe Rrc«t, Wholesale Druggists, New York City.
. lUILHOAP TRAVEI2 /
BIG REDUCTION IN RATES BY RAIL
....T0....
:F»o:n. i x i ijA.3xr:D. on.
5UNDAY"......... .....MAY 3,
And Every Fifth Day Thereafter.
Leave from S. P. Co.'s Ferry landing, foot
of Market st.. at a p. m.
$r A A— lncluding Berth in Pullman Tour-
OOiUU Ist Sleeper.
...ALSO....
First-class tickets, including berth In Oi A-OO
Pullman Standard Sleeper. Oil/
SPECIAL NOTICE.
. This train will not stop to deliver or take on pas-
sengers at Intermediate stations, nor will tickets be
sold or baggage checked to such points.
CW" Through Tickets for Fagot Sound
point-* on Sale at Reduced Kates.
for further information apply at
613 MARKET STREET (Grand Hotel
Ticket omce), San Francisco.
RICHARD GRAY. T. H. GOODMAN,
Gen. Traffic Mgr. Gen. Pass. Agt. .
ROI'THKBH PACIFIC CO3IPAKI.
(pacific SYSTEM.)
Tralni leave »■■■! nr« due to nrrlve at
01 SAM IKAMI.MO. > a '
LEavk — Fkom March 28, 1806. — Anitiva
~~7iOOa Atlantic Kiprcss, Ogdeu and Mast.. 8:43p
7:OOa. Benida, Vacarille, Kurssey. Sacra- •
mento, and Redding via Davis.... ■ 7slsp
7:O<>.\ Martinez, San Ramon, Kapa, Calls-
toga and Santa Rosa 6:15p
S>nOA Kilts, .San Jose, Stockton, lone,
Sacramento, Marysvillo, Red lUnd -
and Sundays excepted Oroville ... « : 1 .1 p
•«:80.\ Peters ami Milton '7:15p
O:«m»a Los Angeles Ex prcsit, Fresno, Santa
Barbara and Los Angeles <:45p
O:OOa Martinez and Stockton 10:13 a
»:OO\ VaHijo 6:15p
l:OOp Rflsa, San Joso and Liverraore »:-13a
•I:OOp Sacramento Kiver Stcrvnu'is ««:OOp
1 1 :30p Port Costa and Way Stations »7:43p
4:OOi' Martinez, San Ramon, Vnllejo,
Napa. Oalintog*. El Verauo and
Huuta Rom »:11Vj
«iOOp Benida, Esparto, < Woodland
Knights Lauding, Marys wile
Oroville and Sacramento 10:i3a
4:80r San Jose, Livermore and
Stockton. 7tl3p
4:30p Merced, Berenda, Raymond (for
emlte) and Fresno 11* M*
B:0Op New Orleans l^pruea.lTresno.Bakers.
field, .Santa lUrbar:i.T.f>s Aliecles,
i'■ '■' '••:'- Iteming, El Paso, New Orleans and
Ea5t........ lOiIBa
S:00p SauU Fo Route, Atlautio Express
for Mojavo aud Last 10:15 a
• BiOOpVallejO Hi43a
6tOOi> r.uropeaii Mail, Osilcn and l^ist.... 0: 15a
OtOOp U»ywaitU, Niivsund Ban Jose 7:4,tA
J7:«Oi- Vallejo t7:43p
7:OOp Oregon Sacramento, Marys-
ville, Reiiaiiiff, Portland, Pugefc
Sound ami Kast J0:45.\
•II 0:03p "Sunset limited," Fresno, Los
Ange'.es, £1 Paso, New Orleans
andEatt t»g=-*sp
SANTA CUI'Z IUVIsIQN (Narrow Uange). ~
17:43~A~Sauta Cruz Excursion, Santa Cruz
and Principal Way SUtlons ' JB:o3p
BilSa Newark, lose. Fclton,
I'.ouUlcr Creek, San ta Cruz and Way
Stations SjSOp
•»ilsp Ken-ark, Centerville, San Jose, New -
Almailen, Felton, I'.ouldcr Creek,
Santa Cruz and Principal Way
Stations..... Ml :2Oa
4 iirSr Newark. San .Tone and I.os «.:Uo* 9:30 a
I. OAST »I VISION ( I litni .V Townscinl Ms.) -
«1:43 a ban Jose and Way Stations (New
Almaden Wednesdays only) li43p.
SslSa San Joso, Tres I'inos, .Santa Cruz, - -
Pacilio Grove. Paso Rubles, San ■..,'..■
Luis Oliispo, Guadalupe ami Prin-
cipal Wny Buttons .............. 7iO3i>
IOtIOA San Joea ami Wny Stations S:OOr
11:45 a Palo Alto niul Way Stations . 3:30r
•2:a«r S.m Jose, Gilroy, Tres Pirn*, F ta
Cruz, SallnaS,Moutercy and Pacflic
tirovo *IO:*Oa
*3:: top San Joso and Principal Way Stations »:47a
•1:3Oi» San Joso ami Way .Stations *M:OUa
3:30r San Jose ami Way Stations Bt4SA
6:3Oi> San Jose ami Wnyfitations 6::i.V\
tll:l5i- San Jose nml War Stations t":4.~>t
' SAN Lfc.AMJItOA.MJ IIAVWAItUs LOi.Ali.
<Mi:OUA 1 r ~ ~~' ( 7:13*
»:OOa rUfl.->
iS«2a Seminary Park, |Jimsa
a l£& Fitchbarg,S a uL«ndr«> »**£
S3? Md 3357
S, ! SSp Hazards. «:.»g;
7:(»O 1 . *:45P
S-OOp » Runs through to Niles. : ] 0,50 '
Itllil3pj '« From Kites. ■•■ [ ftlgiOOr
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
rromSAS FrUKCISCO— Foot of Market Street i Slip 8)—
•7:15 ' 9:00 11:00 a.m. Jl:flO "2:00 t3:CO
•4:CO . . 15:00 , *6:00P.U.-:
Prom O:.KUSD— Foot of Broidway.— " . *6:00 8:00
' 10:00 a.m. tl2:00 •1:00. t2:03 *3:CO JI:CS
*S:CQp.m. . :• ■••■--■ '
A for Mom P for Afternoon.
•SuularseTcepteil. ( Satnnlays only
v t Bundaya only. HTnesd»y3 only. ,":-•■-"•
ft Monday, Thursday sod siti:r<lav nights only. - 1
Ifhgb MANHOOD RESTOREDSS
W *&* Pf tT>» .*£? fit «on oi a famous French physician, will quickly cure you of
V\\ W lI AT " U ■ vous or dispases of the generative or«raii« suph «i TmtWMh«Si
*&/ V -^" Insomnia, In the Back , Seminal K&ZZ*. "er^u^ebU^ 1
I rn^L I Im* Pimples, rnfatness to Marry, EjtUaustiust Drains Varieoreie and
\fV> V Constipation. It stops ail losses by Sir or nisrht Pi p\ ™ tsonirk
;X *-/ \a-*/ ness oHlscbarEe, which if not checked feada tS Sperajatorrhrea
BEFORE and AFTER li^^rhS^o^^^^ I^^
(TPIBEXE strengthens and restores small weak organs. ■■..
■ The reason sufferer; are not cured by Doctors is because ninety per cent are troubled with
- Pro«ta(HU. crri DEN EU the only known remedy to cure without un opt-ration. 50C0t«timont
■I*. A written (roarßntPPirlrenajifl money returned If six boxes does not effect a permanent cur*
LOO a box, six fur $100. by mail. Send for fbke circular and testimonials, i«iiu«ui:u(,Bui»
' Address DAVOL MEDICINE CO., 1170 Market street, San Francisco, Cal. For sale by
1 :•'■::■:■ BROOKS' PHAKJJAUy, 119 Powell sueeu
believes that more females would become
bicyclists bu> for their modesty. She has
j therefore patented a canopy for bicycles
which will protect the rider from the glare
of the sun and downpour of rain as well
as (he curious eazu of the public, by means
of curtains, which may be 'iung from the
etk'e of the canopy to the heels of the
rider, completely screening her and
matting the wheel as much a place of re
tirement as the interior of a family coupe.
Another odd bicycle patent is that of Os
car N. Shannon of Riverside, IU. His
scheme is to have frames erected along the
curbstones of various streets, to be pro
vide 1 with hooks and catchlocks. Each
hook is to contain a groove to engage the
forewheel of a bicycle and the lock to se
curely holct the same.
August Kiesow, of London, England,
came to the rescue of careless housewives
and servant girls by securing from Uncle
Sam a patent for hiß non-explosive kero
sene lamp. He prevents explosions by
making it impossible when the lamp is at
an anjrle for the Hanie to communicate
with the oil reservoir. This is accom
plished by a peculiarly shaped tube valve,
through "which the wick passes. In case
the lump containing this tube overturns
the valve automatically closes tightly the
oil exit.
Fun Over the Bread.
We had the gauntlet yet to run, as the
firing of the Communists was still heavy
in the neighborhood. The bullets were
whistling so angrily down one of the
streets which cut the Rue de la Bienfai
sance at right angles, that a number of
servant girls who wished to go to a baker
shop on" the other side were afraid to yen
ture over. The difficxilty was turned in
this way: Tnere were "soldiers on one
side of the dangerous crossing and maid
servants on the other. The maid-servants
threw their money to the soldiers, and the
soldiers purchased the bread and flung it
across to the maids.
This maneuver excited a good deal of
merriment in spite of the danger with
which it was attended. At times a girl
would throw a piece of money short, and a
soldier would have to fish for it with his
bayonet, and even, amid peals of laughter,
venture out to pick it up. To see the men
and women engaged in this occupation
one might easily have thought they were
indulging in some harmless pastime like
hunt 'the slipper. — "Recollections of
Paris."
'ilV : S;"-- RAILROAD TRAVEL!
SAIV FRANCISCO &
CIFIC RAILWAY CO.
Tiburon Ferry— Foot of Market St.
San Francisco to San Rafael.
WEEK DAYS— 7:3O. 9:00. 11:00 a.m.- 12-39
3:30, 5A 10 ' 6:30 p. if. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. it. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:60
and 11:30 p. k. '
BUKDAY6-7:30, 9:30, 11:00 A.U.; 1:30, 3:30,
5:00, 6:20 P. v.
San Kafael to San Francisco.
WEEK DAYS— 6:IS, 7:50, 9:10. 11:10 a. *.•
i; 2 i 4 : 5 55 3 p. 4^ 6 an Id°1 d°6 l ;^P^ tUrdayS - EXtn ' t^
SUNDAYS-; -. 35, 9:3& ' 11:10 a. m.; 1:40, 3:40,
Between San Jb'rancisco and Schnetzen Park sam*
schedule as above. - . . -
San Francisco. .jj«W San Frl'Jcisco. '
■%3£\2£; «£. |W«
7:30 ak 7:30 am Novato, 10:40 am 1 8:40 am
3:30 9:80 am Petalnma, 6:05 pm 10-10 am
6:10 5:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:30 pm ' 6:15 pk
- ' Fulton, ""
7:30 am . Windsor, 10:10 AM
Healdsburg,
Geyservllle,
3:30 pm 7:30 am Cloverdale. 7:30 pm 6:10 pm
1 Pieta, ~|
7:30 am Hopland & 10:10 am
3:3opm | 7:3oam Uklah. ■ 7:30 pm! 6:15 pm
7:30 "am j 10*10 am
7:30 am Gnernevllle. 7:30 pm
S.SOtu (■ 6:15 pm
7:Poam 7:30 am Sonoma 10:40 am 8:40 am
6:10 pm 5:00 pm and 6:05 pm 6:15 pm
I Glen Ellen. » «
7 3^px| 7 5J^pm| | ™ ; o g ak| 10;10 am
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Marie West
Sprinifs; at Geyserville for Ska<?gs Springs- at
Cloverdale for the Geysers; at Pieta for Highland
Springs, Kelseyville, Soda Bay and i-akeport : at
Hopland for Lakeport and Bartiett Springs: at
Uklah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga Springs, Blue
Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake, Upper LaKe, Porno, Potter
alley. John Day's. Llerley r g, Bucknell'd, Sanned-
tln Heights, Gravelly Valley, Boonevllle. Green*
wood, (Jit's Hot Springs. Mendocino City, Fort
Bragg, Westport, Usal, Wlllets, Cahto, covelo,
LaytonvlHe, Harris, Scotia and Eureka. *""""''
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at reduced
On Sundays round-trio tickets to all points be-
yond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices, 650 Market st., Chronicle bullrtlni.
H. & WHITING, r.x. RYAN,
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent.
Atlantic *^§|PiD
Pacific j||||^
KAILEOAD W^^^^^^
Trains leave from and arrive tfj^BSSyßt IF,
at Market-Street Ferry. £&&%&'*(&&%
SANTA FE EXPRESS
To Chicago via A. & P. Dlrec L.V
Leaves every day at 5 *. M.. carrying P 0 ","!!*"
Palace Sleepers and Tourist Sleepers to t-&lcag»
via Kansas City without change. Annex. cars tot
Denver and St. Louis. ._.-.,>.
CHICAGO LIMITED,
From Los Angeles to Chicago.
Bolld Vestibule Train Dally, with Dining-cars,
■nder Harveys management. Connecting trains
leave San Francisco at 9 a. m. and 6 p. m. dally.
The best railway from California to the Kin
New rails, new ties: no dust: interesting scenery]
and good meals in Harvey's dining-room or dials*
Ticket Offic«-644 Market Street,
Cliimiicie Suii'liuf •
KORTn PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD
(Via Sausallto Ferry),
from San Francisco, ■. onun n ing March 39, 1896.
WEEKDAYS.
For Mill Valley ami San Rafael — 7 :00, «Boo
•9:15 10:16, 11:45, a. M.; <l:l5, 3:.0, 4:15,
6:16. *.i:OC. :M p. M.
Extra trips for San Rafael on Mondays, WidM»
days and Saturdays at -.30 P. m.
SUNDAYS.
for Mill Valley and San Rafael— *B:oo, *9:00.
•10:0O, 11:3Ja. M.;**ik,3 '. »l:30, •2:16, *4:oa
5:30,6:46.8:30 p.m. Extra trip to Sauialltoat
11 :00 a." m.
Trains marked • run to San Quentln. ••13iS#
p. m. does not run to Mill Valley.
THROUGH TRAINS.
1:45 p. m. weekdays— Cazadero and way station*.
8:00 a. M. Sundays— CazaJero «nd way stations,
»:00 a. U. Sundays— Point Reyes ana Way stations,
2930
THE LATEST FASHION GOSSIP
A T the Presidio hop were many of
;'■•'••; /\\ our very prettiest girls, and as
t—^\ usual they thoroughly enjoyed
A )V every moment of the time. One
of the most delightful luncheons
of the season was given during the week at
the hostess' new home. Now there are
rumors that there is to be a very large and
swell reception before we all leave for the
summer, and house parties will be more
numerous than ever before this season.
The young people had a very pretty tea on
Tuesday. I hope our bench show may be
a success. In Baltimore great interest is
manifested in tbese shows.
I am glad to see that Miss Neircomb, on
the occasion of he marriage to Assistant
Attorney-General Whitney, had the good
sense to make a departure from convention
al mode in the arrangement of her wedding
veil of point Jace. As a result, it was beau
tiful and most becoming, and says one of
the guests: "It was arranged in a style
niggestive of some of the old European
pictures." Many are the brides who make
perfoct gays of themselves by the clumsy,
. hideous arrangement of their veils. One
: of. the most successfully draped veils I
have ever seen was worn by a friend of
mine,. -so I asked the fair wearer about it,
. ■; 'and she '.explained that several days before
the weiiding she had had her hairdresser
experiraeti.t with the veil; as a result, it
was delightfully becoming. This is a good J
idea and worth remembering, and apropos \
of. weddings, I have always supposed'
that . the bride selected as her j
maids: her sisters, her dearest friends or
cousin*.' However, I find I am behind the I
times, for, says a gentlewoman who is
thoroughly au fait and worldly wise: "In
selecting bridesmaids t is npt beauty that
.counts so much as sts'le and carriage. In
particular you wait girls who walk well.
The slow march down the aiaie is the best
. tes^of gait I know. ♦ * • It should be
.a glide— tiien the slowness is stately. The
bride herself is helped by her long train,
her drooping head, and the leaning on her
father's arm before and her husband's
after the ceremony. A bridesmaid has but
her own grace to depend on. The girl
who walks-well, whose bead is well set on
her shoulders, and whose hair arranges
well, makes a good appearance, even if
she lacks extraordinary beauty." Well,
these nrats are valuable if, as I say
worldly. : 3
I do wish all our girls walked and held
themselves properly, for even the prettiest
lose so much by a careless, ungainly way
'.of throwing themselves around, and it
should be impressed on buds the fact that
once out they will be severely criticized.
Their schpoldays over, Madam Grundy is
ever onthe outlook and will be merciless
in her. remarks, so the wise maiden fur
nishes her with no food for remark or
.. gossp.
.Many dresses for the coronation have
been aesigned and made in Paris. The
trains are the first consideration.
One was made of Lyons velvet. It
is rounded at the bottom, four yards in
length and of a rarely beautiful shade of
..pink. All along the edge of this train is
': a drapery of black tulle, which, at regular
intervals, forms a bow in the center; in
. ■ the center of each is a small bunch of black
-roses. At the lower corners are twolarge
bunches of black feathers. This train is
lined with- pink satin and a ruche of the
same assisted in supporting the train.
The skirt which will be worn with this
is of white duchesse satin, quaintly em
brokiered-in aluminum spaneles, mixed
with cabochons of paste diamonds. Tnese
tafee : the form of arabesques. The low
bodice is q"f. pink velvet, and has a plastron
of wnite satin bordered like the skirt; very
- ■: small, puff S; of slashed velvet and satin
form the sleeves, which are in the Gabri
; elle d'Estree style. Pink tulle and rose
leaves, powdered with diamonds, form a
ruche around the neck, and on the left
shoulder is a bunch of black ostrich
feathers. ■
So great is to be the splendor of gowns
which will be seen shortly in St. Peters
burg that all fashion papers will have ac
■counts ot '..gorgeous robes, and this great
event will have much to do with setting
the fashions for another year. All good
• descriptions of gowns from noted houses
; abound in valuable suggestions for those
• -who can read between the lines.
I quote a description of two more coro
nation gowns: "The train of the first was
of vert d' : eau brocade striped with silver,
a style ot- the Louis XIII period and also
.Russian. The round train was bordered
with white feathers powdered with diamond
dust, and. a iarge panache or feathers at
the c/irner; the lining was white satin,
and a ruche went round underneath like
the -one described above. The white satin
was- richly embroidered with an arabesque
pattern- carried out with silver, seed pearls
aiid paste,- most brilliant in effect; from
the bust to the foot of the skirt was a
•narrow band with very large buttons of
real diamonds. The bodice of green bro
.: '.cade w-as -slightly pointed,' and the white
.. satin front embroidered like the skirt, the
green brocade open With small revels,
ed»ed -with white feather trimming, and
.thus continuing the trimming of the
train round the shoulders; on the
left side a large white panache of feathers.
The brocade sleeves were the Russian
shape, open on the arm, and falling
-..'.. straight li^lf-way down the skirt, showing
tne bare arm; this sleeve is mounted on a
fl.at. band -placed on the shoulder. The
.third seemed still handsomer; it was
"•white silk damas, with large golden flow
ers-, arranged in an elegant light design ;
: the train -^vas bordered with gold-colored
.: -feathers* and lined with yellow satin a:id
niches. The skirt is white satin richly
.-.embroidered with gold spangles and paste
cabocbrons,. falling like a shower from the
flips fo the foot of skirt. The low bodice,
■ : pointed Loiiis XV, wasembroideied like the
. skirt. Thfe sleeves were a puff of brocade,
trom which fell the long open Russian
sleeve- ot white tulle, embroidered with
gold and cabochons. The last two trains
were about four yards and a half long.
We cannot give too much attention to
the becoming arrangement of our necks,
for no matter how perfect a dress if the
cellar, or what is substituted for it, is not
perfect "the whole effect is lost, and no
matter what style may be proclaimed de
rigueur by fashion the wise woman studies
her individual outlines, making fashion
subservient tobecomingness. Most women
can wear the turn-down white linen collar,
which is now correct for morning wear.
They can be obtained in various widths
lixed on to straight bands, which makes
them easy to fasten, and all the newest of
the plain silk blouses have turn-down
linen cufis. Such blouses are made on ex
actly the same principle as the colored
linen shirt, fastening down the center ol
the front with studs or buttons, and they
look remarkably well with these linen ad
, ditions. A black tie usually fastens the
collar at the neck. The silk generally
used In the composition of these bodices
is handkerchief silk, either bordered or
covered with a pattern.
One described as very ciic was bright
red and luid a broad conventional bonier
in I. lack and while. A bliru woman was
the wearer, ami with the addition of a
linen turndown collar and cuffs to match
and a black necktie she was delightfully
stylis ». Oriental tones frequently pre
dominate in such boaices and are very
successful; which is mure than can be
s-a;d of India silks, of which one quickly
wearies. However, with a biack alnaca
coat and skirt plain shirts are advocated
toy fashionable votaries, and reseda green
and violet are favorite colors. But to re
turn tb my subject, the proper adornment
and treatment of our necks, no longer are
we to tie bows at the back, so Paris says—
they are to appear under our chins. How
ever, this decree has not been received
with enthusiasm, even by those who have
long, slender throats. Perhaps the reason
is that such bows are difficult to arrange,
but a broad ribbon edged with good but
very narrow lace will, if properly handled,
be very fetching.
Ruches, huge affairs of chiffon, tulle,
net or lace, are being persisted in, despite
the fact that they are so generally disfig
uring; indeed, it seems to be the idea to
have our necks rival in circumference our
waists. The result is neither beautiful
nor graceful. Ruffles of flowers are s*en
and among the posies protrude colored
tabs; or they may appear over the top of
the ruffles. Some women look decidedly
their best without Rny neckbands. Their
bouse dresses should a ways be cut
slightly low and outlined witn embroidery
of lace.
Tulle has taken the place of moupseline
de soie lor ruches around the throat in a
great measure. It is used in ail shades
and colors, the black mousseline de soie
ruche being decidedly old-fashioned.
Plain or spotted white tulle is principally
used. A great bow of white tulle softens
the hardest face and makes ordinary
people look almost pretty, as it has a de
lightful effect on the complexion, and of
course when veils are worn they match I
the tulle ruche or cravat.
Grebe is going to be a favorite trimming '
] ere long, as it is most becoming, so next ',
I winter we will find it in great demand.
One of the loveliest fichus designed for '
a lons time is of a silk irauze sprayed with j
daffodils. It has a knife-pleated ruflie |
surrounding it and balls of daffodils finish j
the long ends.
Almost all bodices in light fabrics have
: their fronts entirely covered with lace, i
sometimes appearing above a broad em- ,
nire band of black satin. For young giris ;
many bodices are made to lace up the
back.
For the summer Doucet will dress his i
patronesses according to accepted models \
of the eighteenth century. However, he j
does not intend to confine himself to the !
French styles of that era, as many of his
! most exquisite mode? recall the gowns !
i worn by the English beauties who reigned ,
lat this period, and were painted by I
Gainsborough and Reynolds. He will ,
use great quantities of lace and the most
] fashionable silks employed by this artist
\ are of faded hues, as for the moment he
| delights in pale mauve, soft yellow, gray j
I and -vhite. From this establishment the !
! skirts are all flat and plain in front, and i
I on the hips; at the back are godet pleats, !
: and the bodices are full, soft and in
definite; however, the waists composed
of light fabrics sharply outline the waist. \
I His tailor gowns are close-fitting; sleeves
; for all gowns are moderate and most of ;
I the necks are finished with ruffs, i ravats |
j or ruches, composed of tulle, gau>.e or j
! luce, or of a combination of lace and I
eauze or lace and tulle. Doucet is usin" I
immense quantities of taffetas, moi:es
and shining mohairs, and his favorite
trimming* are Jace, and the most beauti- i
fill and fantastic buttons of all size« i
shapes and substances.
Paquin is equally determined that the :
styles of Louis XVI should remain in
vogue, but he also shows a likinir of the
modes which existed between 1820 and i
1840. However, these were not pretty nor j
generally becoming, so his customers pre- '
ter his Louis XVI ideas. Skirts seen at
this establishment have scarcely varied at
all, being plain and close-fitting over the
uipa for the daytime, but luller for the
evening. He has diminished the size of
all of the sleeves recently made.
In Paris the materials most in demand
are shot taffetas, flowered silks, crepe de
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SmSTPAY, MAY 3, 1896.
! chine, bengaline moire (a decided novelty)
I and many mixtures of silk and wool
elaces. Mohair dresses are being trimmed
with lace and embroidery on the bodice.
Shirt waists hold their own so success
fully that novelties are befng eagerly
; sought in this department.
A very stylish waist will shortly be worn
by one of the prettiest girls here. It is of
a fine batiste, canary yellow in color,
trimmed with a fine black embroidery. It
; has a detachable collar, and any one who
has once worn this style will decline in
future to wear any "other. The same
maiden has a shirt also of turquoise blue
batiste; narrow black laces edge its frills
and tucks. These smart shirts look ex
ceedingly well when worn with a coat and
skirt of blacfc face cloth.
A fashionable matron in this City has a
shirt of oriental pique which has both
j standup and turndown collars, and a
creamy-tinted batiste one with a front
pleat, tucks and collar and cuffs of pale
blue. This is very dainty, but none are so
chic or quite such novelties as those of the
; finest French muslin with exquisitely em
broidered bands and fine linen collar and
: cuffs. In Paris even tbese cost nearly $3.
Some fetching toilets will shortly be
' seen composed of chamoise cloth* and
linen. The skirts are absolutely plain,
| only the bodices affording the dressmaker
I an opportunity of displaying some origin-
A SPRING COSTUME.
ality. The collars are made of a wide
plain or chine ribbon passed round the
throat, and from each side extend two
pointed win<rs of Jace finished off with a
tiny frill of Valenciennes. These are some
times wired with a thread-like wire so as
to make them stay in position.
A confection of diagonal mohair, in the
new shade called "Cinderella." is worthy
of admiration, as silvery light glints to and
fro among the folds of the ample skirt.
It has a Louie Quinze jacket, with large
revers of white poult de soie, opening
over a waistcoat of this same silk, which
is encrusted with rows of very narrow
Valenciennes. These rows are sewn next
to one another and the waist is but
toned with turquoise buttons, mounted in
gold, having round them pink enamel.
A dark blue canvas dress, having a nar
row front of blue and white silk, is a sen
sible costume. The foundation should be
distinct from the canvas and must be of a
good silk— shot silk is the proper kind to
use. A vest of ecru, not figured, is more
generally becoming. It should be almost
covered with gathered tucks.
An Easter bride will be quite lovely in a
Paris gown of fine twill cloth of palest
fawn. It has a beautiful vest and wrinkled
sleeves in olive brocade, patterned with an
umber- green satin stripe and covered with
pink rosebuds and their leaves. Cascades
of soft filmy Limerick lace falls between
the cloth and brocade. Small tabs over
lap the vest and are finished with enatn
eled buttons, having a green ground on
which is a tiny but perfect rosebud.
I have had depicted an unusually hand
some toilette, composed entirely of black
and while silk. The zouave jacket effect
is carried out in black velvet, and the vest,
cravat, eDaulets and sleeve rnffs are of fine
lace. The zouave is outlined in ore-inch
wide white ribbon, daintily embroidered.
The arrangement of creamy lace over the
shoulders is especially gooth
The earl} 1 spring costume is a reproduc
tion from a French model, and consists of
"a close-fitting jncKet bodice in plum
ootored veivet, extending at the back as a
shawl-shaped basque, enhanced with gold
and spangied embroidery; waistcoat with
turned-down collar in biscuit-colored c.'oth
outlined with a braiding pattern in two
shades; fan-shaped jabot in cream-pleated
lace; skirt in P?king peau-de-soie, crossed
down the front tablier breadth with robing
of plum velvet; Directoire hat in jetted
net. trimmed with shot ribbon and clusters
of cream ostrich tips." This design is es
pecially good for the matron of 30 and up
ward.
You would all enjoy seeing a dressing
pown worn by a very youthful mother.
It is of the palest blue cashmere, with a
very lartje collar, cut into points of white
s:lk, striped with lace insertion and edged
with a lace frill. The neck is cat slightly
V, the lar^e collar folding over the hgnre
and fastening at one side just oeiow the
waist, with a Parisian diamond button;
tne gown is gathered in at the waist and
the sleeves are of the monk order.
Tne lining is of white silfc, and with it is
worn an under-pt>tticoat of white accor
dion silk. An extravagant but lovely
garment.
Numerous are the morning gowns made
a 1 .Empire, with a lace yoke and a long,
wide sash tied under the arms in a bow;
in the front fine cashmere in pale tints is
very generally used for such purpose.
The sleeves have high puffs, otherwise
they lit snu^iy; sometimes they fall over
the hands. The sash, if it does not match
tne gown, should be black, but I like it to
match, but, of course, one can have a belt
in the front beneath the arm or passed
round the waist at the back through the
side seams to the front. It snould be re
membered that :n the union the becoming
ness of colors must be carefully studied.
Pink in delicate tones suits most blonds
and demi- blonds, but pale blue crimson is
usually best for the real brunettes.
That the bicycie and appropriate cos
tumes to wear when on it are keenly in
teresting topics cannot be doubted, so the
success of "The Gay Parisienne" was as
sured before its production in London,
when it became noised abroad that fetch
ing bicyclette and climbing costumes were
to be worn. The costume for the wheel is
only fit for the stage, so I omit a descrip
tion, as none of us would care to appear
in knickerbockers of pure surah shot with
navy blue. They are accordion pleated,
however. The mountaineering costumes
are better, being made with short skirt? of
fancy tweed checked with bluish gray,
which allow a view now and then of suede
colored gaiters. The waistcoats are belted
with leather beneath forest-green coats,
and the costume is completed with a green
Tyrolean hat.
Riding-habits should never be made
with bouffant sleeves; indeed, no first
class tailor would think of making them,
and now only an inferior seamstress or a
third-rate habit-maker would cut sucii
sleeves. But, of course, we do occasionally
see absurdities.
Speaking of shirt waists reminds me
that stocks may be made of the same ma
terial as the waist, "or of white cheviot
with black satin tie or of the regulation
black satin stocks and tie under a tiny
linen or cheviot turned-over edge. A de
cided novelty is the stock of heavily
corded white silk, with tie of black satin
crossing high in a point at the back and
narrowing to the usual width in the bow."
Collars and cuffs are made in a dozen dif
ferent styles by the smartest shirtmakers,
so no one fashion can be said to be "the
thing."
Chic results are being produced by the
use of laco beadinga. They are applied
with great success to ruchings, plastrons
and black veils. On black Backgrounds
are used white and yeliow beading and on
white appear black ones. Tulle veils are
in jireat demand, those of white or creamy
white being most becoming to freshen
young faces or to those who still retain
youthful coloring, but persons who rouge
are candidly advised to avoid them, as 1
have observed they have a faculty of
drawing attention to such artificial
touches in an oddly emphatic way.
In New York tte swellest calling gowns
have short basque bodices of velvet. They
are seen in browns, grays, a few shades of
blue and green, etc.; but for elaborate
affairs white velvet is seen most artistic
ally embroidered in gold or silver and
jewels. One can imagine the delightful
results, but such 3tyles are only of interest
to those who have their own carriages;
for others who dress well I recommend the
beautiful face cloths, in exquisite light
shades. But perhaps one of the best pur
chases that can be made is one of the
beautiful new poplins, but no second-rate
woman must touch either of these fabrics.
They require the hand of an artist. Use
always cheaper goods for the cheap dress
maker to experiment with.
Any number of fashionable girls are
having made skirts of white pique
with which will be round bodices of pique,
which can be had in the most delicate of
shades of blue, rose pink and buff. Tney
usually are worn with a wide sash of black
or white sjitin ribbon. Some prefer alpaca
skirts instead of pique, but the latter have
this advantage: they return in perfect con
dition afier being washed, and only too
frequently the afpaca ones are not sent
home in such cood shape alter passing
through the cleaner's hands. The success
ful summer girl is not, of necessity, th«
one who has a dozen trunks full of Paris
confections. Her well-groomed sister, with
an abundance of dainty, fresh and pretty
irocke, with becoming and suitable hats,
will be just :is fftching and attractive. Ke
membT one thing: oe always sweet and
fre»h looking, never don a rumpled or a
slightly soiled gown, stay in your room all
day rather than look like a frump, and
be sure, even for your bedroom, to have
pretty dressing gowns, for if you becouie
accustomed to surrounding yourself with
lovely things the effect will "be extremely
beneficial.
The new opera-gla9ses fold perfectly flat
into a flat leather pocket, the size of a card
case.
An appropriate gift for a bicycle enthu
siast consists of "a bicycle bag." It has
straps to insten to the handle-bar of the
machine, and contains a watch, a looking
class, a card oase and a handkerchief
pocket. There is also room for the little
tools required for tire-repairing. Every
thing is so compact that the so-called bag
is a small affai^
Bicycle gloves made of white doeskin,
with tan or white leather palms, are much
liked, and can be had "en mousquetaire" to
go over the cuff, or with a patent-button
fastening, and this reminds me that in
Europe pearl stud buttons have been very
successfully adapted to gloves and are
very stylish and especially pretty on
white gloves, and are said to be a grsat ad
vance over buttons, as they do not tear the
buttonholes.
Open work stockings having a crepon
like desien are quoted as desirable novel
ties, and come in black and tan, in lisle
thread and silk. Marcella.
FOR MEN.
Bicycling and golf are in great vogue
East and quite excellent are the golf
stockings now to be had here. Shades of
brown are most popular. It is said in New
York that one out of every fifteen men
who wear golf costumes .knows the game.
The assortment of lies « *ood, as far as
it goes, at our leading stores, but the
variety is not extensive, one window be
ing decorated with any number of ties and
scarfs in blue, green and crimson, all of
which have a wh:te geometrical figure up
on them. The Scotch green will be much
seen all summer, but not the bright glar
ing shade. The club ties so popular last
season will bo rven more so this, but they
are to be a trifle narrower and will be
striped, for striped are also to be the
smartest shirts. White Ascots will be
much worn anr* "Him" writes: "One of
the novelties will be Khaki cloth. lam
only informed of this and it does not come
from the very best of sources. This is a
species of cotton, out of which the uni
forms of Tommy Atkins for hot climates
is manufactured. It is proposed to have
knickers and sack coats made of these.
The material is almost buff in color and it
resembles brown holland, which was very
successfully employed in golf clothes last
summer."
The newest silk hats from London show
a tendency toward the revival of the chim
ney pot and have a gentle curve. Our
liats are said to be unusually good in
quality and shape, and it is asserted that
they are lighter and more durable than
the English ones. If they hold their color
equally well imported ones will no longer
be in demand.
A writer in Vanity makes a good remark
when be says that "There are some good
tailors in London, who fit and cut well,
but the majority do not, and especially
the most famous, who are never patronized
by the 'smart' set, but by foreigners at
A TOILET OF BLACK AND WHITE SILK.
tracted by their reputation, it is true a
few years ago our smart men got their
clothes from London, and some, from
force of habit, like Hamilton Cary, con
tinue to do so, but the bon ton of the
jeunesse doree, who devote study to the
subject, now find the American tailor
better in every respect than his London
rival. There is no disputing this state
ment. All the best turned-out men on
the avenue are the products of American
tailors."
Pajamas made of Chinese or Japanese
silks are more comfortable than those of
flannel or linen for both summer and win- j
ter wear, besides they stand rough hand- j
ling from the laundrymen very success
fully.
Hemstitched handkerchiefs with very
narrow borders are much liked. It is a
positive fact that in the provinces iv Eng
land scarlet evening coats are being worn
to informal little dances and dinners. At
times it looks as though conservative Eng
land would be the lirst to champion a
change in evening dress.
There is a move being made to banish
brown kid walking boots, and doubtless
with this end in view a London boot
maker, recognizing also the craze for green,
is trying "to rush," dark-green kid-laced
walking boots.
A firm of three popular lawyers in New
York recently «uve an afternoon "tea" in
their spacious apartments, which proved
to be a tremendous success. The itiea is an
excellent one from one point of view.
C. C.
BAB RAILS AT THE HEAT
She Says No Woman Can
Reconcile Pleasure With
Perspiration.
How Ladies and Babies Should Be
Dressed to Insure Warm Weather
Comfort.
NEW YORK, N. V., April 27.— 0n very
cold days in winter we sing a hymn de
scribing the joys ol heaven as consisting
principally of never-ending music and
summer weather. The writer of that hymn
never liv^d in N T ew York. Summer weather i
in New York means sun on both sides of
the street; it means absolutely no getting i
away from the rays, and it means general |
depravity. The only reason why every ;
one of us doesn't kill his neighbor during ■
the hot days is because some exertion i
would be required, and then, too, the j
blood would look hot. That is the only j
why-for. When the thermometer is at ;
ninety-five in the shade every man is> every '
man's enemy, and every woman hates I
every woman with an intensity that can
only be appreciated by Satan.
The messenger- boy who answers your '
call has his cap cocked on the back of his
head, and exudes heat. He quarrels with
you about the tariff, and presents of .
oranges or apples have no effect on him. ]
The book may say one thing, but he says
another; and he is grumpy and disagree- ,
%ble, doubts your being a perfect lady, ,
and fully believes that the place of pun- j
ishment intended for people who want er
rands run is Hot, spelled with a capital H. i
The elderly lady who walks Broadway. !
with a tiny black silk parasol between her |
and the sunshine, wonders that she feels i
so wicked. Her broad back is covered
with black a'.oaca; and all black ma- '.
terials absolutely seduce sun rays to come |
and rest upon them. She wears mitts,
and going into the big shops, retires to the i
ladies' parlor, so that she may have an '
opportunity to use her starch bag.
She does not believe in "bougnten pow- \
der." Her mode of preparing the cooling ]
stuff is to bang the starch with a polato
masher until it is a tine powder, and pour j
Florida water over it, and then when it is i
dry put it in a flannel bag. This is her
refuge in trouble. When the perspiration
streams down her face she stoD* the liquid
warmth by dabs with the starch bag, and
she looks, after she has used the starch
bag without a mirror, like a study in red j
and white, the red underlying the white,
while the white rapidly becomes lumpy.
She would lose her complexion altogether,
but when ?he gets home limp, and with no
faith in anything, with a doubt even as to
the truth of the Westminster Catechism,
she takes a cup of hot tea to brace her up;
this brings übout a profuse perspiration, j
a perspiration which amounts to a rain
storm, and the dear old soul is saved men
tally and morally while she drips.
AN eather affects the temper of the ele
vator-boy. Yesterday he was deeply in
terested in a novel called "The Queen of
Rubies, or Who Was She?" But to-day
he does not care a continental dam (1
spell it without the n, he spellß it with)
whether she was a typewriter or a mani
cure, but he knows he hates everybody.
H« wonders if there is a hereafter. He
thinks he is getting his taste of it now,
riding up and down in a hall room by the
power of steam. Civility and he are un
known quantities. He wonders why he
was ever born, and why, if he had to be
born, he was fool enough to be born in a
couDtxy where the weather man gives you
August heat in April and March winds in
July. You can't tin him into pleasant
ness. The heat has affected him so that
all be hopes for is a sudden disappearance
of himself into the poetical wave that
washes the shores and makes one ac
quainted with the dirt that comes from
New York to Coney Island.
He despises the «irl that went up In the
elevator a little while ago. She looked
cool. He heard her telling her sister her
method for keeping cool, and he wondered
how it would work if she had to wear
heavy blue cloth clothes with gold braid
and gold buttons on them. She said: "I
tirst take a very hot bath, and then, after
the usual drying process, I powder myself
well with the very best French powder.
No, no starch ior me. Then I put on the
lightest of underwear, a silk skirt and a
shirt waist. lam wise enough to have a
sensible waist measurement; it is twenty
four, by the by. and so I am not drawing a
belt in and making: my lace as red as pos
sible. It always amuses me to think about
the women who lace; the judgment is so
certain and so sure. They not only get
red faces, but they get red noses, and the
red of their nose is the kind that comes to
stay. Oh, anybody can be cool if they
want to." It was only the electrocution,
that beastly effect, that prevented the
elevator-boy from Rilling her outright, for
everybody cannot be cool.
Talk about women being slaves of fash
ion — that's nonsense. Poor, benighted
man doesn't dare put on a straw hat, no
matter how hot the weather is, until a
certain date has come about, and the con
sequence is that poor, benighted man is
hot. Hot with a vengeance. Hot as the
honest worker in a melodrama. Hot in
such a way that he makes everybody in
his home more nncomfortable. The family
wonder what is the matter with father.
This is the matter: As father is a fool,
like most other men, he does not suit his
clothes to tl>e t'.iermometer, and he is
wearing a stiff shirt, a heavy waistcoat,
equally heavy trousers, an ordinary win
ter coat and a high silk hat. And that he
doesn't turn into a grease spot is only be-
•-.'.1/:-;-';-' -'- '- NEW TO-DAT.
I 22 Geary St., Near Kearny.
I Crepon Sonveante, $1.25 and $1.40 j
I Crepon Xouveante, $1.75 arid $2.25 \
I Crepon Souveante, $3.00 and $3.50
1 Crepon Konreante. $4.ooand $5.00
I Grenadine Faconne, $3 and $3.50
I -Grenadine Faconne, $4 and $5.00
I Etaraine Novelty, $2.50 and $3.50
I iiengaline Faconne; $3 and $3.50
I The above goods com-
| prise the most recent pro-
E ductions in black ma-
B terials.
Q GOODS SENT C. O. D.
H . SAMPLES FORWARDED.
I % T. KENNEDY COMPANY.
/PERMANENTLY REMOVES SUPERFLUOUS
•A hair by electricity at $1 a sitting; first sitting
tree; no scars left; moles, warts, etc., also re-
moved. . .
cause the gentleman who reigns in the
regions down below has other little terrors
waiting for him. k
The woman of fashion doesn't have an
easy time when the hot dnys come. Sho
must Jive up to her reputation for tine
dressing, and it doesn't please her when-.,
she realizes that drops of water, those lit
tle drops so aff ctionatelv sang about, are
slowly but surely traveling over her
cheeks, and making rather a confused
mess of the ron^e and the powder and the
blue lines that she ha* BO carefully ar
ranged. She doesn't look well unless si:©"
has a few soft curls on her forehead, and
no matter now closely they are curled,
this peculiar weather (decency compels me
to call it by no stronger name) knocks out
all cuHs except those that nature has ar-..
ranged.
I wiJl tell you who are to be pitied these
hot days— the babies. 'ft c poor little
mites are swathed in flannel and folded in,
huge cioaks, not allowed to hear because
of thick silk caps, and not allowed to
breathe because of thick lace veils. Those
baby lips would fo like a sip of water, and
they cannot ask for il. If they cry, nine
times out of ten they are banged on the.
back and jolted up and down until they
are almost ready tor infantine insane
asylums. If they fairly yell in their de-.
sire for a cooling drink, nine more times
out of the proverbial ten the end of a
long black tube is poked in their mouths,
and they suck up a liquid that is half
warm and half sour, and bound to bring
pains where pains are most unpleasant to
a baby.
Nobody ever thinks a baby is thirsty
except for food ; nobody ever thinks that,
when the thermometer "is at 90, three flan
nel petticoats are too much for even a
baby. Do you suppose that a baby likest
to have its lower flannel petticoat lapped
over and buttoned so that it doesn't con-,
trol its legs? I wish a society for the
proper dressing of babies in warm weather
could be started ; such a society would be
of a great deal more importance than one.
that lends pictures or gives flowers to the
dwellers in tenement-houses.
Who invented thermometers? Satan, I
am sure. Nobody would have had the art
when you feel uncomfortable, mussy,
warm, cross, and certain that it is a hun
dred and two, to have that horrid thing
mark it only eighty-seven. It is hard to
pray in sunimer time, but here is a fervent
prayer: "From too much heat and all its
attendant evils, good Lord, deliver
' Bab."
LEAF YEAR.
Now they can leap, • ,'V
The maidens dear, -
And ao it with
out any fear. -> • '
For is it not . . ' ,\
The great good year -,l, l
That most all girls
Now bold so dear?
And those who are
Of proper age
Should now embrace *. — •
Their privilege. 4 •
For dear leap year * •*,..
Will not come mot*
s Till in your date . •
™^i..-»i.- ". You see a four. -.
So, Amazons,
Here is .a chance—
Do not retreat, • :.*;:",•
But all advance. —Peck's Saa* •-
«—»« — » ♦
J Dr. John A. Miller, author of "Femina," a
book for home treatment for women, gives free
consultations to women and children from 12
to 4 P. M. at his Polyclinic Pharmacy, 1018 .Va
lencia street, corner Hill. Agents wanted- for
"Femina." . . ; • •»*'"
.^_^^SEV TO-DAY. ■ : :':■
*¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥'* /•■
I ♦ v
J Special Saving Sale 5
I* — '■ *
I Haviland |
I China : |
♦ X^ With *
♦ f*ZZ\ Beautiful *f
♦ (fP v^V Hand- <#•
' tr painted "<K
| ♦ '/^SV r^ ' Decora- " 0- ■ ..."
■ ♦ / 'I^ S^Ti * tions. 0
!*l/J^\)H >" 'These *-
♦«P 7 7?£<»? > U/ * % prices— ■"if . •
! £■ i^Cr»U ?aß*Vday,Tues- * :
£ xrtKR- >M^^Sra&' da y and • * ■ ■
! ♦ F^s_£M||gP^i-^:Wednes- .*- V: .-
-♦ A *c^ * '& ay only 0 .' •■
* £ V |\~***~**« V -- ii^" i--^ . — «re one- '0
£1 M \ I** ' thi ? d lesa '*
♦ V \ than reg- 0
: * Vj \ ' ■ nlar val- ♦
! T LsM «es. Tea ♦
♦ **^ Cups and ♦
; * Saucers, 25c; Coffee Cups and Sane- ♦ ' •".
* era, 35c; After-dinner Coffee, 20c; 0 •:"
* Dessert Plates, 20c ; Large Plates, 25c. 0. ■'
j♦ : See them in the window. •; •;* i*-
Jthat china store- $/ •
♦.. A Quarter of a Block Below Shrive' i. ' '*'.. '
I S> WAU GENHEIM, STERNHEIM & CO., $ :
| £ 528 and 530 Market St., J •'.
!% 27 and 29 Sutter St., ''• *
♦ .BELOW MONTGOMERY. "6' : •
WRINKLEINE PASTE,
A SCIENTIFIC SKIN FOOD. j .*••«..
jdy *%^-1 ' The latest and most won*
denul scientific discovery
SKAMp for removing and prevent-
CjfjEESS CPWfr iuz wrinkles- This now
fsj^Smr treatment stimulates the •
JJHggEE- w? capillary circuiatio 1. con-
! SLx*ijs^^' *—■ i Btantly supplying new tls-
fl||'^V "<f\ sue and carrying off all
ns^a<L. O waste and foreign matcpr
-2T from the face and neck,, »
.*/ . . f^~*s ma ' i ing them loot fresh.*
£_/ -/ -^k and youthful. * , .
*U "Vr Why shoifld the face look
• * ' //I old alitl wrinkled while ' ttie
•>^»»^ - ' t\ body still lerains its youth"
. A y/»*. • and Plumpness? It « has
\ <f v \^. , taken the place of cold.
cream and c.rate* formerly . ..
used for sore lips, chafing and by troubles. n • ,
Price, «1.00 Each.
! This is to certify that I have anaiyzed th« Aii-  «
toinette Preparations called Wrinktelne Faite and,
Wnnkleine Cream. and find them to be excellent
preparations for the skin, that they are free from '•
j all deleterious substances and well adapted for tha ,
1 purposes for which they Are designated. . ■ • •,■ "
W. T. WiiNZELL, Analytical Chemist.
MME. MARCHAND, ££
.28 GEARY STREET, '•* ■,..'•
Hair and Complexion Specialist. •**
! FREDD^ORSETIODSi
SPECIAL BALEJJF CORSETS
200 Dozen Ladies'
Black and Drab Corsets,
Reduced From $1.75 to $1.00. ; * .
wmMKNM i-'j/
►Ha, tilS • **sij£ wflmjr
sto 3 rt?lur ) rn™;? avlnj! no ■■•■«•■ or branch '■.
SrS'lsulne^" 015 CaD be Phased only at our
Illustrated Catalogue mailed free. ..'>:>•■"'
} MAKE NO MISTAKE IN OUR ADDRESS
. M. ij"±i.E"CriD tte SON"
I 742-744 narket St. and 10-12 Grant Ay«.
' .*• wfWMßHTOWfWTlTPWiliii'WiiMrfMi'iiiN fc TiiirnTHE COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMARY OF THK MAi.KETS.
Produce Exchange adjourned. •
Increased Customs Collections.
_\ Mlver unchanged.
. Bank Clearings gain 4.6 per cent.
Coal strike in Australia.
Potatoes, and Onions unchanged. -V
2 -Bu - ter as before. Cheese and Eggs w.eak.
. Tomatoes glut the market. '
Poultry nominal. ' .
:. Strawberries higher. Cherries unchanged.
Mexican Limes lower.
Dried Fruits continue dull.
Hams firm but unchanged.
Hide's. Wool and ijops duller.
.Activity in Mining Stocks.
. Decreased Coinage at the Mint,
",';.■■'.' BANK CLEAIUNGS.
Local bfmk clearlngslast week were 024 027,
against $14,332,313 for the same week in 1895,
V a gain of 4.6%.
' ' .. • WHEAT EXPORTS.
Exports of Wheat from this' port in April were
■ 6«0.945c115, valued at $605,679. making a total
lor the first 10 months of tlu crop year 01 9,279,
-295 ctls, valued at 99.609,266. ■
CUSTOMS COLLECTIONS.
■ . Customs collections in this district in April were
'• *423,889, against- If S6aßoo in April, 1895. For
the first four months of the year they were 91.8-2.-
U3l, against *1,833.100 for the same time in 1b93.
GROCERY IMPORTS.
• Imports of staple Groceries at this port for the
first quarter of It>96 were as follows, compared
with the same quarter In 1893: Sugar, 103.680,300
•lbs. against 95.22T.200 lbs: Coffee. 7.141,200 lbs.
neainst 8.678,160 16s: Rice. 'JO. 637,600 lbs. aeaii.st
. 25.915,670 lbs; Tea, 579,700 lbs, against 335,100
- lbs. . ; '
COrKAGE OF THE MINT. .
.^ The local Mint coined in April $1,810,000,000,
. as.follows; Doable/ Eagles,- $1,500,000; Standard
Jf 250,000: Half Dollars, $60,000. For the
• .' first four mbnths.of, 1*96 the coinaqo was $6,835,
-.• 600. as foilaws: -Double Eagles. (6.100,000; Half
Eagles, $2*^5,600: Standard i ollars. $450,000;
Half Dollars. Jfotl.OOO. The coinage for the same
• time' last year was $8,602,500.
- THE ; .COAL TRADE.
The private circular of 1. Steuart gives the re
. ceipts of* coal thus. far this year at 451, v00 tons,
against 465,100 tons during the same time last
year, and says: ••-The Coal market Is unsettled at
. present in consequence of a strike now in force
• nmongine Australian Coal miners, the full extent
• ;of wJiich Is not yet known here. It is known posi
.- tively that one or two pits have ceased operations,
... and the rumor prevails here that all the miners
. will stop work unless an amicable settlement Is
•. ■ very shortly concluded between colliery proprie
.. tors and the working miners. Prices of Coal have
... tiol as yet been aTTected here, but should the strUe
..assume larger proportions and be of any duration
prices here c»nno» fail to be affected. English An
.. thracite Coal continues to be offered at any reason
■. able rates."
.-•:.• .' "" . • .'Explanation.
• . The arrow- flieg.wlth the wind. The top figure*
••'■•t station indicate maximum temperature for the
.; flays; those underneath it. If any, the amount ol
. rainfall,. of melted snow in inches and buudredtbs,
during the padc -twelve hours. Isobars, or solid
lines, connrc: points 'of equal air pressure; iso
therms. or dot-ted" lines, equal temperature. The
• word "hieh'-' means high barometric pressure and
••la usually accompanied by fair weather: "low"
refers to low pressure, and is usually preceded
and accompanied by elendy weather and rains.
■ "Lows" 'usually first appear on the Washington
•.coast. Wh.n the pressure is high in- the inienoi
"and low along the coast, and the isobars extend
■ north and south along the c;>a--t. rain is probable;
- but when the "low" Is inclosed with isobars of
marked curvature, rain M>;it!i of Oregon is improb
able. With a -hiffli" In lite vicinity of Idaho, mid
.-.the pressure falling to theta'.lforiila coast, warmer
.; weather may be expected .n summer and copier
■ weather in winter. The rev< we of these condition*
. will produce as opposite result.
.'■ IVKATHi-.K BUKKAU REPORT.
•United States Department or Agricci/
. ' tube, WEATttgS bureau, HAK Francisco,
• May- 2, 1896, 5 P. Weather conditions and
. •general forecast:' ' ■ .
-' Tne -following are the seasonal rainfalls to date
•1 a* compared with those of the same date last sea
son: Eureka 4.6.81, last, season 40.89: lied Bluff
30.23, last season 29.16; San Francisco 20:53,
:\ last season 25.37: Fresno 8.16, last season 14.67;
- Ban Lai* Obispo 17.62, lait season 25.93; Los An
'■'■ geles 9.06, last, season 15.06; San Diego 5.90, last
•season; 12.16: Yuina.St). last season 3.01.
-. Tie following maximum temperatures are re
:-. pomd -from stations in California during the past
'. twenty-four hours: Eureka SO, Red Bluff 60, San
Francisco 61. J-'Eesno 70. San Luis Oblsi>» 6:2, Los
'■ Angeles (58, Han Diego 66, Ynina 93. . *
: ban Francisco Maximum temperature 61 ,
minimum 51. mean 56.
- The following falls have been reported dur
. Ing the past twenty- four hours: Eureka .40, Ked
"•.Bluff a trace. - .
. An area of low pressure overlies the States of
.Oregon and Washington. There is a secondary of
'• low pressure central over the Upper Missouri
..-Valley. The pressure has risen during the past
.-twenty-four hours over Northern 'Ulan, Wyoming
■ and Western Montana. It has remained nearly
i stationary over California and Nevada. The ter
n• perature has remained about stationary over the
; entire country- west of the Kock>' Mountains,
-■P.ain has fallen in the past twelve hoars over the
' entire Ktates of Washington and Oregon and over
■ the northern portion of California.' Conditions are
; favorable - for showers Sunday in th« extreme
northern part of the state, A. maximum tempera
ture of over 90 degrees occurred at Yuma.
Forecast, made at tan Francisco for thirty hours
ending midnight, ."Si ay S. Ih9t>:
.. ; -Northern California— Fair -Sanday, except in
- extreme northern portion, where showers are
■ likely; fresh southeasterly winds in" northern por
tion ; westerly winds in, southern portion.
i soutnern California— Fair; li-;ht westerly winds.
' • Nevada— in portion to-night and sun
■ day. - ■ :
• Utah — Increasing cloudiness and probably
' showers Sunday:
", -Arizona— Fair Sunday.
. . San . Francisco Mid vicinity— Fair Sunday; light
westerly winds.
Pa. G. McAdie, Local Forecast Official.
HBW YORK' MARKETS.
' Financial.
NEW YORK, K. V., May The only feature
at the Stock Exchange to-day was the break In
American Tobacco. The stock fell from 69 to
-■66«£, rallied to 68%. fl nJ closed at 67%. a loss of
IVi per cent for the day. Sugar on the other hand
.displayed better strength, and on . buying by brok
ers .-who have been arrayed on .the bull Bide for
months rose to 1'J5@123»4. The greatest advance,
'however, was ma4e by Kay State 'Gas. This stock
moved up rapidly from 23 to 28 # on purchases of
less than 4000 shares. The general list opened
■tea/iy and declined in sympathy with the breaK in
. -Tobacco. .Near the close when SO gar advanced
the whole market improved and left off firm. The
variations In prices, however, call for jio special
comment. Net changes for the day show gains of
Vs®! Per cent. Total sales were only 60,000
suarts. '. . ;
• Boa is were quint and'easler In tone. The sales
footed np 9622,000. Baltimore and Ohio south
western consol fonr and a halts fell 2 to 79;.
Kansas Pac He Consul sixes certificates, 1 to 75V 2 :
Northern Pacitio thirds, 3% to 73%: Plttsbiiie
and Western lours, - 1 to : Ti Vs : St. i»uU and ban
t ran clsco conxol fours rose Ito 33. i ' ■•■. :
, In Government bonds $10,000 coupon four* of
1925 sold at 117%; $5000 do registered at 117%:
f 00<#0 coupon fours of 907 at 110
• - Grain. '
 FLOUR— Unchanged, dull, steady. Southern flour
unchanged, easy. Bye flour quiet, steady.
.Buckwheat flour, buckwheat, cornmeal, rye, barley
. and barley mall unchanged. ■ . ■ . >
WllKAT— ljull at s^c decline. :o:iowinr options,"
closing firm: f. o. b., 73V 8 c: ungradea red, 70K>
tiOc: No. 1 Northern, 71»4f«7]Wjc. .
Options were, fairly active.i and closed weak
• ' . *.
%(as/tc decline, following, the West and on
easier cables, foreign selling aud local realizing.
July and l Mny most ac:ive. No. 2 red. May and
June. 08 July, 69c: September, 69y*c; Octo
ber. 70c; December. 70% c.
U c^? R:s Dull: firm - So 2 . S^,c elevator;
3b*/s<" afloat. ■■ . .
Options were quiet unchanged to i/fee decline on
L trade May, ?5 %c;. July, v S>6c; Septem
oer. Ail/go. to- - ■
OATS-Dull, firmer.
Options-Doll, easier: May, 233,4 c: July. 23T'«a
Spot prices: No. 2. 24 Vic; No. 2 white, 2614 c;
2.. 2 Vi ulcago - 26 % c: tor No. 3. 23% c: No. 3
white, 24c: mixed Western, 24%@25%c; white
do and white State. 26@28%c.
FEKD BRAN-56V.rf1,62V 2c2 c
MIDDLINGS— 67W565C.
RYE— Feed, G7%©dOc.
Provision*.
BEEF— Beef hams, tierced beef and cut meats
quiet and unchanged.
LAKD— Quiet, steady: 'Western steam. $5 05;
city. §4 60: May. $5 05; Refined, dull; continent,
?5 35: bomb American. S3 75: compound, 4 Vic.
PORK— DuII, unchanged.
nUTTEIt— Firm; light receipts: State dairy, 8
®15c; do creamery. 10@16c: Western dairy,
7@llc; do creamery, ll@18c: do held. B@llc,
do factory, 7®loc, Ulßins, 15%©16 c; Imitation
creamery, 9V6@i2c. ...
CHEJ2SR— Quiet, unchanged.
BQ(M — Quiet, weak: State and Pennsylvania,
11V«sC: Southern, 9c; Western fresn, 9@loi-jc. I
TALLOW— Easy; city. 3 5-16 c; country, 3V*O
83/gc.
COTTONSEED Quiet: crude. 21Vfec: yel
low, prime. 25V4@26%c; do off grade, 25®25^c,
RESlX— Quiet, firm; strained, common to good, j
TIKPENTINK-DuH; 28%®29c
POTATOES— Quiet; unchanged.
RlCfc. — Unchanged.
* MOLAS-ES— Unchanged.
COFFEE -Steady, s©lo points up. June, $12 70:
August, $12 05; September. *11 60: December,
$10 9'J: March, $10 75. bpot Rio dull, steady. So.
7, 1»%@14c. ,
M'l-AK- Raw, dull, firm: fair refinlnir, 83,4 c: cpn
trifiicrAi3.9o lest, 4Vic: reflnea, steady, quiet, un
changed.
Fruit and Produce.
CALIFORNIA FRUITS—
ALMONDS— NominaI.
WALNUTS— NominaI; .Standard, 6V2@"c; do
soft-shell. gy ra,loe. .
RAISINS— London layers, 90c@?l; do 3-crown
muscatel, 334 @4c. ■'-...-_;■.
PRUNES— our sizes. sc.
PEACHES— Peeled, it 11>, 10@12c; do nnpeelod,
6@hi^c.
A PKICOTR— Bacs. BV2@l2c - - '* ' .■
HOPS— Quiet, unchanged; common to choice,
2'/ rdßc: Pacific Coast, 2V&@7e.
WOOL— unchanged: domestic fleece, 15
@21c; pulled, 15@3Sc: Texas, 7@7Vic.
Merchandise.
PIG I Moderately active: firm.
tCirPER-Quiet: Lake, $10 75.
LEAD— Quiet: domestic. «3 05.
TIN-Dull; straits, *13 30©13 40; plates, fair
demnnd.
SPELTEE-Qulet; domestic. 81 05@l 10.
CHICAGO MARKKTS.
CHICAGO, Jix., May 2.-Weakness and de
pression of a very pronounced character prevailed
In wheat to-day. Apparently the only baying was
by fortune shorts and even they displayed bat an
indifferent inclination to purcnaie. Improved
seeding conditions in the Northwest was, no
doubt, one of the most Important reasons why
selling was in greater favor than buying. Next in
point of consequence was the small shipments
from both coasts lor the week, 1.260.000 bushels,
which were less even than the light ones of last
week. Liverpool cables w re lower.
Receipts in the Northwest were 301 cars, against
805 last Saturday and 322 a year azo. Chicago
received 13 cars and snspected out 66.400 bushels-
Closing continental cables were Irregular. Argen
tine shipments last week were 696,000 biishels.
The Daily Trade Bulletin had 169 replies on win
ter wheat, embracing all the different sections de
voted to wheat. Improvement was reported by
141 of them and none by the other 20. Export
clearances were light at 141,000 bushels, julyj uly
wheat opened from 62V4@t!2V B e. sold between
625/ g and 6184 c closing at 61%(at62c, »4®t/ s C un
der yesterday. Estimated receipts for Monday 14
CORN— acquiesced in the weakness of
wheat. Traders could present no argument mo
mentous enough 'to overcome the depression con
veyed by the tone of the leading market. Busi
ness was largely in the way of selling out by hold
ers of July, who had changed from May yesterday
or very recently. Liverpool cab!«» were very weak
and ii 4 @.i/ 2d2 d lower. Receipts were 326 cars and
149,80s bushels were withdrawn from store. Kx
port clearances aggregated 206,000 bushels. July
corn opened at 2953 c, sold between 295,4@29v£c
and 29^@295/ B e. Closing at 2«% c. yy B@i,4C8 @i,4C under
yesterday. Estimated receipts for Monday 350
cant.
. 0.-»TS— little interest attached to this mar
ket and price changes were slow. There was a
steadier tone, however, than in either wheat or
corn, buying by shorts, being the supporting factor.
Receipts were 225 cars. There were no with
drawals from store. July oats closed V s c higher
than yesterday. Estimated receipts for Monday,
210 cars. "
FLAX— steady. Cash, 00V 3 c; May, fi6V,c-
July 89i£c; September, 91c Receipt* were' *3
cars.
PROVISIONS— Proauct was evidently influ
enced more br grain than by the hog market this
morning. The latter was reported steady to firm,
yet provisions opened easy, but with only a mod
erate business. The speculative weakness of the
grain markets had an ill effect and prices were
weak. July pork cloned 7i,ac<£]oc lower; July
lard a shade lower and July rifts -'%c lower.
BCTTER— Was fairly active and firm to-day.
Creameries— Extras, 15c; firsts, 14®14iAc: sec
onds. ll@13c: Imitations, fancy, 10@llc. Dairies
—Extras, lac; firsts, ll@12c: seconds. 9c. Ladles
— Extras, 9@10o; firsts, B@BVic: packing stock 7c.
EGGS— Were dull and easy. The demand was
■light. Fresh stock quotable at BV^@9Vac.
MONEY— Was 6% on call and V(4i% on time
loans. New York exchange sola at 70c premium.
< losing Prices.
WHEAT— May. 60c; July, 61%®62c; Septem
ber, 62-"ic.
COKN— May, 28Vic; July, 29% c; September,
3(»V h (§>3lc.
OAib— May. lT^c; July, ltt*A@lßy c; Sep
tember, IS)3/ ' /B *^
FORK— May, *7 92V4: July, $8 02V»: Septem
ber, $8 20.
j.akJj— $4 77%: July, *4 87V»: Septem
ber, «5 o'-'%.
i.n.--.Miiy. $4 07%; July, $i 20: Septem
ber, $4 3!>.^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^m
Livestock.
UNION STOCKY Ili., May 2.-The
arrivals of cattle to-day were light, the market
was dull in consequence and prices held steady.
There was a fair run of nous. The demand was
active and prices displayed firmness and in some
Instances were a trifle higher. Sheep were in
good demand and firm.
CATTLK — Receipts. 600. Fancy beeves.
$4 45@4 50: choice to prime. 1300 to 1700 pound
steers. $4 20 (a. v 4 5: good to choice steers, 1200
to 1600 pounds. $4 00(24 15: medium steers. 1000
to 1400 pounds, f 6 80'g.3 95: common to fair steers.
950 to 1400 pounds. $3 4i (2,3 75: choice feeders.
900 to 1180 pounds. 93 60@)3 95; common to good
stockers. $3 25@3 75: bulls and slags, choice to
extra. $2 85@3 60: bulls, poor to choice, 92 26<g)
2 S5; cows and heifer*, extra.s3 60@4 00; cows, fair
to choice, SSI 40&3 60: cows, 'common to fair,
$1 *i():a»2 25: calves, good to choice, 94 25
(oil 76: calves, common to good. $3&4 20: Texas
grass steers. $2 65(g>i! 90: 'l>xas steers, poor to
choice. S3 25(53 95: milkers and springers, per
head, £20@40.
HOUB— Receipt*, 18.000. Hf»Tr packing ana
shipping lots. S3 25%t3 45: common to choice
mixed. S3 26;a3 60: choice assorted. S3 50®
3 60: light, S3 35&3 60; pigs, 92 76@3 65-
BHEKP — Receipts. 4500. Inferior to choice,
92&0&3 75; iambs, 93 25i£5.
KKW VOKK STOCKS.
Bonds, Exchange, Money and Railroad.
Shares.
Maney on call was 2V'2%- Prime mercantile pa
per, sVa3*>-*- Bar silver, tßc Mexican dollars. 6.1%
(,3,55c. biernntc exchange steady, with actual busl
uess in banters' bills at 94 87>4@4 88 tor sixty
days and 94 SB%@4 89 for demand. Posted rat**.
94 88y 2 80. Commercial bills. 94 87 1/4. Uovern
ment bonds steady; Slate bonds steady; railroad
bonds easier. silver at the board was neglected.
CLOSING STOCKS.
Am Tel* Cable-.. 84 .Norfolk <fc Ww.... %
Atcnlson- .......... 16 Preferred. 6v«i
Preferred.... 24% Northern Pact He,. li/ 2
Adams Express.. .l&o Preferred. l'*V*
Alton.Terreliaute. 6s western.. . 106
American Express.llß Preferred 148
American Tobacco. 67% N. Y. Central 98
Preferred 97 N.Y. Chtca(o<ftd.&' 1*
Bay btateUM 25 /» Ist preferred..... 79
lialtlmore.<KOUlo.. 17V« Sd preferred. 33
Brunswick Lands- V 8V 8 N- "V. AN. H... «169 V«
Buffalo, Roch «S i*. 16 IN. V.diKew Eng. 40
Canada Pacific.... 60 14 N. V. butq* W.« 9
Canada Boathern,. f>oy 2 i Preferred. „ 34%
Canton Land o<) 8 0ntari0........ 14 .
Central Pacific.... 15 Ontario & Western. 16X4
Che*. * Ohio. 17»4j Oregon lmprovnu. ; 1
Chicago Alton 151 Preferred..... —
Preterrea ...... 170 Oregon Navigation. IS
Chicago. a. A — fco^i cireeon bhon Una. 7V 3
Chicago* Jfi. i 11... 41 raclfloMau 271/2
Preferred.. 100 1 eona. D.<t Evans. . 2u,
Cblcagouas. B'lVg Pittsburgh W pld. 16
Cleve* Pittsbnm.l6o Pnllman Palace...
Consolidation Com. 31 quicksilver- 1
Consolidated Oa».. lo.ii 0 PreferreO......^. 15
C. CC.«t bu Louii, Br>3 /4 Reaamg 12%
Preferr<Hi ....... til RloUrandedtWeua 18
Colo. Fuel dt lrou^ »0 Preferred. _ 43
Preferred......... 100 Rock Islana 71%
Cotton Oil Cert.... 13"* Rome Wat AOgdenl.l4
Commercial Cable. I6HV2 fct. L. iS: a. Vv ....... 4%
Lei. Hudson.. 127 Preferred......... 11
Uel.Lack«feV»'esternl yi /4 fct. Paul — 78 3 /4
Denver <EK. U-.... 1,-j Preferred......... lJhV*
Preferred.. ...... 4*% Bt. Paul* Duiaia. 24
Distiller* — )9S,' 8 ! Preferred......... .7
titruerai Jb-Hcirlc... 8 fct. Paul AOmalia, 4iV 8
trie .......~. 14%' Preferred 123
Preferred »8% Bt. P. M. <ft M. HO
Fort Wayne 160 Sliver Certmcaies.. 68'/i
Greatisorthernsra.lii} boututrn Paclna.. -.■()
Oreentsay % toumern it. il... — 934
ilariem 295 , Preferred. .SieZ
UockinsCoal .'• 2i /1 fentrar Refinery.. 124
Hocking Valley... 1/ (Preferred......... 10 3
'UomestaJce.. SO . jTenn. coal A Iron. 30V4
11. Texas CenU. ■<«%■' Preferrnd 100
Illinois Central.... 96Vi Texas Pacific ..... Hi/.
lowa Central....... Pi /a 1 ol.A.A.it N.Mica,— —
Preferred. 86 'i 01. & Ohio C0n.... 3*
Kansas & Texas. — .'la , Preferred 77.
Preferred 27% 'lol.bt.Loulaifei£.a oVj
. Kingston <t Pern... 3 1 Preferred.. .10
Lake & We«a lv ' j Union Paelflo ay.
Preferred ....... 7oia L' P_ Den. & Uull. xxl
L»*e Shore 100 I .8. cordate....,., 6
National Lead-.,.. 2ji/ ' Preferred „ , ioi/
"■*- »>.•■ . •-• -'■-■- - ■- * -
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY 3, 1896.
Preferred Sly, Guaranteed...... 20V*
Long Island SO 1. fc>. Express. -41
Lomsvilie A Nasn. SI*AU. B. Leather...... B*A
Louisville Nad: Ch. 8% Preferred. „ 62Va
Preferred .'1 L'.KRuober - 26
Manhattan Consoi. /4 Preferred. 84%
MempmsdtCnarls. 15 jUtica&B. River.. 150
Mexican Central... ,1 I VVab. «*. L. & Pao.. 714
li Ichican Central.. £7 I Preferred. „ lris/ 8
ilinn<t».jL iWells-Fawro. 98 '
Preferred.....;...— {Western Union.... BS^i
Minn. A St. L com. 19% Wis Central 2%
• Ist preferred 7y ' ■, Wheeling &L. JS.. 10 Vs
Sdpreferrea 52Vt Preferred. 36%
Jllssourl Pacific.... 2-ii Am Cotton OU pfa. 58
Mobile* Ohio 22 W V Bee* 7»/i
Nashville Chau.... 68 Ann Arbor 9
National Linseed.. 17% Preferred 26%
K. J. Central. ...... 106' vg 1 Brooklyn Traction. 24
North American... !>'•'■»
CLOSING BONDS.
VF^.rn ....... .IO9I4IUKT 2ds 69%
80, 4s conpor:... i 2 Do, 4s. 86
V 4snewreg 117^4 Mntoal Union As... 114
Do, 4s coupon. .. 11 7. -. N J Cent Gen 65...119Vs
Da Sis 9 H,;. Northern Pao lau.ll>''.
Do. 6s 113" Do, 2da 1143;
L'o. b* coutx>n....llß I Do. Sot 73V*
Cherokee 4s. 189b. 100 i onnwest Consols. I■* '• a
■ Do, 1897- 100 I Do, deb 6s. 109
.E0.1898- 100 OR&Nlsts.. 110
Do. ]t9l>.. 100 BtLttlronSltGenas
Pacific 6a 0f '95.... ,btL«t SFGen 63. Uu%
D. C. 8-6 6s lOOV4 ft Paul Consols ...129V
Ala Class A 4.. 106 | bt. P. C. *Pa 113
Do. Class 84. ss. 106 , Da Pac Col '«s.. 1 10
LaCoiigol4s. 98% Fouthern R. B. »j. 83
illFsouri funding..— Texas PaclOc find 90
X Carolina con 6«» 124 ■ 'Texas Pac seconds. «2%
•Do, 4s ......104 .1 1 nionPac Istor9&lo6
Fo Carolina 4%5... 106 I West Shore 4s 1055, i
Itnnnewai 87 I Mobile A Ohio 45.. 87'
funding deDt... 62 | R UranaeWeat 76
}°. »♦« Ches«tO6s 108%
fa deterred 6s. _ 6 Atchlson 4a 80
Da trust rents st 7 Da2dsA.._ 25%
Canada South 205.. 104 OH&8A 6s 105
Cen Paclstsot'Bs 102«4 Do. 2d 7s. . . .. 10214
Lcn&RG Ist lIOVa.H & Tex Centos.. 109 v *
- Do -« 91% Do.con6s 102%
£rie2da 67 Reading 4a 80V«
Kauaas Pa Consols 751 A Missouri ti* 100
fc.» P» lots lien dlvlll%
FOREIGN MARKETS.
WHEAT IX LIVEBPOOt.
LIVERPOOL, Em, May 2.— The spot market
is dull at 5s 6d@ss 7d- Cargoes dull at 26* 9d,
January.
: . , ' ■'.'■■ -; FUTCBKB.
The Prodnce Exchange cable gives the following
Liverpool quotations for No. 2 Red Winter: May
5s 3i 2 June. 5s 3%'1; July, 5s 3».id; August, 5s
4d; ember, 63 41 a.
SECURITIES.
LONDON, Ejso.. May 2.— Consols. 11l 1-16:
silver 31 1-16J: French Rentes. 102t 12% c Bul
lion Into Bank of England. £L95,00a
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
.'.--■* *- ■ -:':?■'*■:.'■■■-•
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — $4 RBV4
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4s<ii l
Sterling Cables ....$4 893/4 490 '
New York Exchange, sight — 07%
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 10
Fine Sliver. '$ ounce '. — 68
Mexican Dollars 63% 54
PRODUCE MARKET
Note— The Produce Exchange having adjourned
from Friday to Monday, quotations for Cereals,
MillstuiTs, etc., arc consequently omitted.
POTATOES, ONIONS, VEGETABLES.
POTATOES— New Potatoes were steady at 65@
90c: River Burbanks, 40@50c; Oregon Burbanlcs,
50a,70c; Oregon Garnet Chiles, 75c; Early Rose.
65f4>'0c; Petalnm* and Tomales, 45@503 & ctl;
Humboldt Burbanks. 60@70c ft cti.
ONlO^S— Unchanged at $1 76@2. New Unions
$l(a.l 25 1« cti.
VEGETABLES— ArrivaIs were 490 boxes As
paragus, 434 boxes Rhubarb, 439 sacks Peas aud
18 sacks Beans.
Tomatoes glut the market. Supplies of Peas and
Beans continue abundant-
Summer Squash, 10c %> tb: Egg Plant, 15c 'P tb:
Los Anceles Tomatoes, $l;al 26 ft box: Mexi
can Tomatoes, 91 l?j'n.l 60 box: Cucumbers, 76c
@$1 "¥< doz: Asparagus, 91 26@2 25 'f, box for ordi
nary and 52 50&2 75 for extra: Rhubarb. 25@75c;
Dried Peppers, 7@9c: rSreen Peppers. 12%@15c:
Green Peas, 76c@91 %4 naek for common and
51 25©l 50 for Sweet; string Beans, 4@7c f» tb;
lior.il- Beans, »s@:>oc ft sack: Dried Okra. 12% c;
new Cabbage, 60c %* cti; Uarllc. 4%@5c ti Ib.
miTTJEK*, CHEESE AND EGGS.
BUTTER— The demand and supply about bal
ance, hence quotations show no change.
CUiUBT — Fancy, 14c-; seconds, 13@13%c
IT",
Dairy— Fancy. 12%@13':; good to choice, 12c;.
lower grades, ll@ll%c. ■■ ■•■».-.
East UN — Nominal.
CflUKSK— Quotations are still lower. Fancy
mild new, 7%c 9 Ib: common to good, 6%@7c;
Cream Cheddar, lO&llc ft Ib: Young America, 8
@9c "0 tt<: Western. lO^ailc: Eastern, 12@13%c
EOijS-Arc very weak. Dealers are shading the
quotations and lower prices are not improbable.
Oregon Eggs, 12@12%0 9 doz; Eastern Eg»s, Vi
@13c; store Kggs, 12ta>l'2%c: rancU Ebbs, 18®14c;
iJuck Eggs, 14^16c V dozen. .
rODtTRY AND GAME. '
POULTRY— Was nominal yesterday. Dressed
Turkeys brought 15@17c Ib; Live Turkeys,
16@17c ■& Ib for Gobblers, 15@H'c ft Si for Hens:
Geese, ft pair. 91 25@1 75: Goslings, 91 50®
2 25; Ducks. 94@5 t>. dozen for old and 96<4
8 ft dozen for young: Hens, $S6o@o; Roosters,
young, 97 60<§>9 %4 dot; do. old, 94<54 50; Fryers,
96^6 60; Broilers. 95 &O@6 for large and «.(jv4
for small: Plceons, Si 50t^l 75 for youu* and
»1 50®l 76 for old.
GAME— Is dull and weak. Hare. 50c@ $1; Rab
bits, 91 25 tor Cottontails and 91@1 10 «t uoz for
small. . "
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
ORCHARD FRUITS— Apples, 91 2303 ft box.
Arrivals of Cherries were 424 boxes, selling at 30
@75c for' White, «O@7sc for Red and 91 26(31 75
V box for Black.
BERRIES— Receipts of Strawberries were 406
chests, selling at 97@10 ft chest for Longworths
and $3 60@6 for large berries.
berries. 30©40 c y drawer and S®3iAc ¥1 Ib
In sacks, ~ w " •"" *
No Raspberries arrived.
CITRUS FRUITS-Are quiet, with lower prices
for Mexican Limns. Oranges, 75c@»l 60forS«?ed
linKS, $1 60@3 50 for Navels. $1 76@2 75 for Malta
Bloods anil $1 60(g;2 for Mediterranean Sweets;
Lemons, 75c^l 50 lor common and 92@2 50 for
good to choice; Mexican Limes, 95 60; Califor
nia Limes. $1: Bananas, 91(92 f) bunch; Pineap
ples, 93@6 li« dozen. . r
DRIED FRUITS, RAISINS, NUTS, ETC.
The trade expect some Improvement, owing to
the destruction by the frosts, but thus far their ex
pectations have not been realized.
DRIED FRUITS-The following prices rule on
the Fruit Exchange:
Carload Lots— Apples, l%@2c ft Ib for quar
tered, 2c for sliced and 4@4Vio for evaporated;
Peaches. 28 / 4@40 and 6c for fancy; Apricots, 6%®
8c for prime to choice, 9c for fancy and 10@llc 9
Ib for fancy Moorpark: Figs, black. 2 Vic for on
pressed; White Figs, 4c in sacks: Pears, 7c ft
tb for evnro-n'M halves. 3%@6c ■?, a. for quarters:
Prunes, K(ai^lio. Plums, 3y 2 c fl Ib for pitted «nd
I%©2c for imputed; Nectarines, 3%(£5c ft Ib for
prime to choice and 5%c for fancy. '
Jobbing PBICKS-Evaporated Apples. 4@4%0
iB Ib; sun-dried. i%@2c: Peaches. H@4c and is@ac
for fancy, peeled In boxes, 11@12%c; Prunes.
for four sizes, 6@6%c for 40<a50'» and 4%@5c
for sO@6o's; Apricots. BVi@9o7or Prime to choice
10@llc for fancy Moorpark: Figs, black, 3V c-
White Figs, 3@sc: Pears, 8c ft tb for evapot
atedl halved and 4@7%0 for quarters; Plums
3%@4c for pitted and l@l%o for nnpitted; Nes
tar. lies. 4(a6c ft Ib for prime to choice."
RAISINS AND DRIED GRAPES- Prices are as
follows, carload lots, f. o. b. San Franrlsco- Four
crown, loose, 3%c %4 Ib: 3-crown. loose, 2 Vic- 2
crown. 2c; seeaiess Sultanas. 3%/-«3S4c; needless
Muscatels, 2%@js / 4c; three-crown London layers,
70c ft box: clusters, 91 3a<ttl 60; Debesa clusters
92 10@2 25; imperial clusters, 92 «o@2 76; Dried
Grapes, ft lb.
Jobbing Prices— Four-«rown loose, 3V»c- 3
crown, 2%@3c; 2-crown. 2H@2%c Seedless Sul
tanas, 4c ft Ib; Seedless Muscatels, tea 3-crown
London layers, 75@90c: clusters, 91 60@l 75-
Dehesa clusters, 92 60; Imperial clusters, 92 76-'
Dried Grapes, .
NUTS— Walnuts are- quotable at 9@llc «* lb
for No. 1 hard and ll@l3c ft Ib for paper-shell, job
bing lots; Almonds, fl®7%c ft tb for LangueUoc
and B%ftSloc for paper-shell, Jobbing; Peanuts, 5%
@7c for Eastern and 4%@5%c for California: Hick
ory Nuts, s@6c: Pecans, Co for rough and 8c for
polished: Filberts. B®9c: Brazil Nuts. 9®loc a
ft,: Cocoanuts, 94 60@5 100. »
HONEY— Comb is quotable at 10@12c ft tb for
bright and Bf<j)9c ft n> for lower grades; water
white extracted, 6@5%c ft Ib: light amber ex
tracted, 4i>4@4%C! dark arub?r, 4c; dark, 2®3c,
BEEsi\VAX-56@27%c ft Ib. w
i
PROVISIONS.
Kama are firm, - bat . buyers can supply their
wants at unchanged prices.
CUBED MEATS— 6c fl lb for heavy. 7c
for light medium. 9c $ tb for light, 10c for extra
light and 12c %* lb for sugar-cured: Eastern Sugar
cared Hams, 11 '/be: California Hams. 10c ft tb;
Mess Beef. $8 %* bbi; extra mess do, $850: fam
ily do, 810: extra prime Pork, $9 %» bbl: extra
clear, ¥14 i) bbl; mess, *13 %* bbl; Smoked Beef.
10c tp tb.
J..AKD— Knsiern, tierces is quoted at 6140 9 m
for pound and 6%c for pure; pails, ?V&c: Cali
fornia tierces, 6Vb c ' or compound and by 8 c for
tv-re: half-bbls, Tc; 10-tt» tins, 7%c; do 6-n>, 8c
V Ih.
COTTOLKNE— 6%c in tierces and 7%c * lb in
10-Tb tint.
HIDES, TALIOIT, WOOL AND HOPS.
HIDES AND SKlNS— Heavy salted steers are
quotable at 6>/j@7c f» Or, culls and brands, 5V 2
©60 ft S>: medium, 5%@6c; culls and brands, 4i/ 3
@sc: light, 6c; culls and brands, 4c; Cowhides, 60
Ib: culls and brands, 4c; salted Kip, 4c 9 &>;
salted Calf. 6@7c; salted Veal, 6c: dry Hides, 0
6dloc; culls and brands ,7Vac: dry Kip and Veal,
7~@Sc; culls. 6@60; dry Calf, 15c; culls, 10c; Goat
skins. 206636 c each; Kids. sc; Deerskins, good
snmmer,2s@3oc: medium, 15@20c: winter. 9(g;luc;
ishf-*pskln», shearlings, 10(&15c each; short wool,
203350 each; medium, 40@50c each; long wools,
86c each. Culls of all kinds about ' «<• less.
TALLOW— No. 1, rendered, 3Vi@sVc: No. 2, Sc
refined. 6J£@5S/ic: Grease. 2%c%Ttt>r
< ; WOOL— we quote Spring Nevada, 6@9c : Stn Joa
quia and . Southern Coast, six months, 4@6c %> B>;
San Joaquln, foothill, good to choice, '/©Be; San
Joaquln, year's fleece, 4V«@o%c
HOPS— Nominal quotations are 2@4c Ji Ib.
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
BAGS - Calcutta; Grain Bags, spot. $4 10®
4 15; June-July delivery, 84 25: ban Quentin,
94 'JO: Wool Bags. 21%@26%e.
COAL— Wellington. $8 V ton: New Wellington,
$8 ? ton;' Soutnfleld Wellln?ton, 17 50? ton;
Seattle. 85(35 50; Bryant, 46 60; Coos Bay, 94 50:
Wallaend, 96 60; Scotch, 97 60: Brymbo *7 60:
Cumberland, $13 60 in bulk and' $15 in sks-
Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, 813; Welsh An
thracite Egg, :. Cannel, 98: Rock Springs,
Castle Gate and Pleasant Valley. 97 60; Coke,
910 f.O in hulk and 912 50 V ton In sacks.
CANNED SALMON — The Alaska Packers'
Association quotes Red Salmon as follows: In lots
of 25,000 cases. 95c; 60,000 cases, 92% c; 75,000
cases, 90': ft dozen, net cash f. o. b. ex-ship.
ML' A II— The Western Sugar Refinery Company
quotes, terms net cash: Cube, Crushed, Powdered
and Fine Crushed, all 6%c: Dry Granulated, o Vsc;
Confectloneis' A, 5%c; Magnolia A, sVic: Extra
C. 6VBc: Golden C, 6c: ■ half-barrels, 1/4 C more
than 'barrels, and bases %c more.
SYRUP— uoiden, in bbls, 15c; Black Strap. 10c
%»gaL
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
Wholesale rates for dressed stock from slaugh
terers are as follows:
BKEF— First quality, s@6i>4c; second do, 4V 2 @
4 c; third do. 3%®4c ft lb. TZ^
VEAL— Large. 6(a.6c; small. 6@7c ft Ib.
MUTTON— Wethers, 6@5%c; Ewes. 4i:>@Sc
* Ib.
LAMB— Spring Lamb. 6<£6i2C ft tb.
PORK— Live Hogs, 3051/40 f» it, for large and
s»ic for small and medium: dressed do, 4%@&%c
Vib. '
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
FOB 24 HOURS.
nonr. or. ek5....-15.853 Cheese, cils. 43
Wheat, ctls 10,360 Errs, doz 19,020
Barley, ct15. ....... 2,6lo. Hides, no .*.. 196
Oats. ctls. 360 Telts.Ddls._ a^O
Beans, sks. 160 Wool bis 609
Potatoes, ska.. 2.057 Leather, r0115...... 110
Onions, ska 229 Wine, gals 34,900
Br»n, vies „ l;-0 L;me. bbls .^ 40
Middling!, iks. Klo Tallow, ctls .«0
Butter, ctls 269 Raisins, bxs 660
THE STOCK MARKET
Comstock shares closed the week lively and
higher. Choliar advanced to 91 05, under the re
port of the striking of two feet of ore assaying 9130
per ton in gold In the Choliar incline shaft out on
the Brunswick lode, some 1200 feet nortii of
where the recent improvement on the 750- foot
level of the Occidental Consolidated occurred.
Sales were heavy, running well up into the thou
sands of Bliarcs. A week aso this stock was worth
only 38c, and it did no- b»pin to rise until Wednes
day, Potosl was a stroi g sympathizer, of course,
an 1 advanced to 47c, uguinit 34c on Friday's best
figure. Best & Belcher advanced to 66c, Hale &
Noicross to *1 36, Gould A Curry to &2c. Con.
Cat. A Va. to $1 80, and so on, sales of all stocks
showing a large increase.
The active stock on the B nd Exchange was
Hutclilnson Sugar Plantation, which sold at $2334
(a -'4. 820 snares selling. The other securities were
quiet.
The Pacific Lighting Company will pay the
usual dividend of 30c per share on the sth.
The output of ore from the on. Cal. it Va. mine
during the past week amounted to 150 ton««. and
the average assay value of the same was 962 55
per ton, against an output of 153 tons, of the aver
age value of $47 32, for the previous week.
The Crown Point. Occidental and Utah assess
ments fall delinquent in the board to-morrow, and
the Bodie Con. and Seg. Belcher delinquent sales
take place also.
Mining assessments falling delinquent in May
amount to $1< 2.810, of which 15,000 Is for Cali
fornia and $87,810 for Nevada mines. .
The Virginia Chronicle says of the Choliar ore
strike: "The strike was made Wednesday in
Choliar ground and had the effect of sending Chol
lar stock up to-day in a; spirited manner. A de
posit of rich on- was discovered in the sooth drift
from No. 1 incline shaft on the 200 level. The
drift is making toward the Occidental and the
strike occurred in the face. Assays of the ore go
as high as 80 per ton In gold and 950 in silver,
and some tine-looking samples have been taken
from the ledge." -
The same paper says: "The appearance of the
new ore body In the Occidental Is till encourag
ing, and the new find In the Brunswick, being in
the same locality, is cheering to both companies."
Following Are the Highest Prices During
the Fast Week.
Alpha
Alia -..
Andes ......
Belcher
Best <fc lSelcher..
Bodie
Bullion »....
Bnlwer...-.
Caledonia
Challenge
Choliar
Con. Cal. & Va. .
Confidence. „. ...
Crown Point
Gould <fc Curry.
Hale A Norcrosj
Mexican...... ..
Mono.
Opbir ;....
Overman
Occidental..
Pot osi
favage
Beg. Belcher....
SierrA Nevada..
Union.
Utah..
Yellow Jacket..
Htock.
Moo. Tues-i
10 10
07 08
26 26
47 47
62 61
49 49
12 13
30 30
04 OH
32 36
38 39
1.70 1.70
75 83
32 34
37 3,
i 1.20 1.20
32 31
14 "14
1.--" 1.20
13 13
1.30 1.35
22 n
28 28
16 17
6S« 69
51 6)
04 OH
-33 36
[Wed.jThrs.j *TL i Bat.
12 IS 14 14
07 07 0« (19
27 28 28 Si
-is "0 5-.- 65
55 64 65 66
60 60 65 65
15 IS 15 17
30 31 83 33
04 05 06 13
36 88 3» 50
43 68 ' »0 1.05
1.75 1.76 1.70 1.80
M> 80 85 84
33 45 . 36 87
40 44 47 52
1.25 1.25 1.20 1.36
.33 85 36 37
16 16 15
1.26 1.25 1.20 1.25
12 14 12 13
I.SO 1.35 1.20 1.20
23 35 34 47
28 32 SO 85
IB 17 18 17
to 63 62 66
63 66 66 66
03 OS 04 05
35 37 87 40
BOARD SALKS.
Following were the *>*.** in ths .Han Fnndss*
Btocic Board yesterday:
KK.ri.AK UORNINO SBWIOS rojm KNCINH 9:30.
«00 Aloha 14|3500 Chollar..9o 300 . . 37
200 Andes — 29 60 CC&V.. 1.75 800 . '"»8
200 30 200 Crwn Pt.. 3sl2loo 39
200 Beicner...sSloo . 34|aoosavage'.L".3O
1200 B A ii... 57 400 H*N...1.a0 100 29
100 Bodle 550000ccd11..1.15 100 Sen 8ei!.".17
100 8u11i0n.. .16 120 -....1.20 SOO M Nev.. 64
1000 Bnlwer..32'lOOOuhir...i.V:s2oo V Jack't.' 40
200ChaUge.:.37i100P0t051....35l J » c ' tl -«'
following were tne wiics in the Paoltto Stook
liura yesterday :
BBGITLAR BKS.IIOX— IO:3UL
200 Alpha 1-J2OO Ch011ar. ..90i2700 Occid..l.l&
600 18500 ....; 95 9U00ph1r...1.i!0
400 Alt. 08 400 96 400..;.. 1.25
300 Andes. ...3o 1900 99 1000 . "l 27W,
300 8e1cher.. .522700 1.00:400 ...'".. '.1 30
1600 03 950CCfeV...1.70 4OoOvrmn' 13
400 900 a 1000Poto*l.'.*32
900 BAB 68 700.. ..184 700 .......... S3
800 66300 Court S3 600 ...... 86
'-'00 60 ltoou linp...o^«oo .. ."""'ss
200 — ...61 *00 Crwn Pt...34 1200 . *" 37
400 63|1200 35300 ..........".«•
*00 641200 38 1200 L"..^~~.51
400 ..66 300 Kxctiqr... os 400 . '40
1000 87500U «Sc C... 461200 '"\>j
200 Bodle 53 900 47 1000 '. 44
8u11i0n.. 16 500 50500 . . 46
V008u1wer...32 lUOO 61400 _ ""4H
10U0Ca!eda...;iSOO :. .621400 47
100 Cua1ina.. . 36,500 Hit X... 1.15300 si'riun "9
400 38300 1.17V 3 8Oo!;. " 30
4IM) Ch01iar... 74J200 1.22*4 400 ... ."35
2000 75 400 1.2;> 1000 Scorpiono4
1000 76400 ...1.3U40U 58& M..7.18
800 r.77300 Julia 08900 9 tier . .63
400 78 400 Justice. ..05ilOOO H11H11.. 32
200 7i> ;> »00 Kentuck..O4!«Oo Union C 53
500 .801300 1. Wash... os 800 .. .. .66
300 „ Mexican 3s SOU Utan". " OS
1500 H6600 34 1400 YJKJCM4O
1500 86 1800 36800 41
400 87y 2 300M0n0 l&l
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
SATURDAY, May 2 -12 m.
Eiti.A'hrtl. . Bld.Atk*&
Alpha Con 13 14 Jackson.. . . 40 1 -
Aim 08 09 Julia. ... OK 09
Anon - 32 38! Justice. 05 06
Belcher 64 66|h>ntucK. — ci
Best <fc BeicDee. 65 68; Lady Waaii"" — vb
Bodie „ 6j 63 Mexican "**" •■>; ■<••
Bullion _. 17 18 Mono ** _ ?I
Bulwer _ 83 35 Nevada — 06
Caledonia. ...» 11 12 Occidental... 1.16 120
foliar „.. 95 87 Uphir.. 1.-25 180
Challenge uon. 37 40 Overman is 14
Con. Cat. d. Va. 1.75 1.80 I'oioa.. ""*** 43 lv
Coo. Imperial. 01 02 bav# ire "" ki Zk
Confidence 84 - i-e|t. Belcher"* 17 18
ton.New Yort - 04 tlerra NevaiU, 65 67
Crown Point... 35 37 Scorpion 02 —
Ea«taierraliie» '.— - 04 Silver Hill" 01 02
Exchequer..... — 05 Syndicate. .*._. 02 OS
Kurekacoo.... — 25 Union Coa..~ 66 67
Uould&Curry. 62 63 Utah. 01 al
Uale Adorers. 1.30 1.35 VeUow'j'aokVb 40 41
GOLD MINING EXCHANGE.
300 165 800 '.". %a
Bid c . ba . m .f.? a . :::::: 20 00 Bld .^«-« :;::: 6
6A6 A o 9 o k Sran,-.:::::.v::: slo % 7 oo° E™sE 1?
2600 251000 .V.V.V" 1-2
B,d. K .! D .^::::::io6o^r ::::: •»
Asked 12 60 1300 '.".V.'.vV.V.V."'.".' 52
Keystone. °
Bid 66 00
STOCK AND BOND EXCHAXOK.
BATCRi>A , May 2 -10:30 a. m.
i-nit b aT4T« A.i.sai.
JHit. A iked, . m , L a • <-. (
KSfitiSfc - ° *«<**■•• ™*«»
MiKCKLUVKor-, novni
Cal-«tCblesii. — 113 no. 2d Its B*. ' — —
CalEleoL6s. - ; 11.2% t vu Ky 105 120
CntraOW6s. 95 97% P&Ch Rv si - 107%
Dpnt-st 77 «5 Pwl-»t.RR6i. — ii«t2
Ed«nL&P 8».12O — Reno, WL&L - 105
F&CHRRBa.IOS%!O7%RiverWCo«U - 100
Uearv-stRSs. 10)*/ 4 105 McioP Al, "- itwii/«
LosAn«L6i. - 103 «F4NPRBiiIO2 Z7*
Do.Unted.6s. - 103 bPRRArIxBi 95 97
Mkt-stCble6iia3 . - bPRKCaIe*. 1081*111
Doß.vConss..lo6 106HjSPxlUCalSZ _** 111
NevCNgRT*. 96 105 Hi'BrßCaidj. 98i/i -
NPCRU6S.IO4 - SVWatera*^ll9 : llOJyt
NRy Cal 6s. lOl^lOSVilbVWaterit: _ 99$
N liy Lai ;,s. — - |Ktktnti&E«» — 101
Oak Gas 55.. 100 104% BunstT<tT6a.lOo —
Do. 2d Isa ss. 103 — 6utter-stßSs.lU?l.h —
pa D cito"mi£: v - vv * 1! !2 :-. VUsiUWCtt* •-*?. w '■"
NVATfR stock*.
Contra Costa 37 — i&an J055..... 75 100 *
MartnCo.... - 51%) Spring Valley 100 100%
« /. ' MIICKn " . ■
Capital....... — 40 'Pacific Light. 46% 46%
Central...... es •— Sanirancsco 928.'. 92%
Oak v Lit H. 62% 63 btOCktoo. .... — 21 Vs
PacUaaioip. 85% 87 ;
INbUBA.NCKKTOCCL
FiremansFd.l7o — ■ |Sun.. 11 — . '
COMUKBCIAt- BANK STTICI.
Amerß&TG. — — LondonP<&A.l2S 180
Anglo-Cal... 61 .68 ! London&SJf. — ( 27%
Bank of Ca1.. 239% — Merch Ex... I*4 —
CaIHD<STCo_ 54 56 . Nevada...... — —
FlrstNatlonl.l7B 182 feather B Co- - —
Grangers...., — — I' :
' HAVIXQS BANK RT.TTKV.
GerS<&LCo..)4ls — |Pav*Loaa-. - 101
HumbSAL.llOO 1450 Security... ... — 260
Mutual 37% 40 Union Trust. — «IO
bi'&avUnion — 485
STRKKT KAILRDADKTOCKI
California.... — 110 jOak.SL&Har - 100
Ueary-st 60 7' Ms Presidio 7% BVi
Market-*:..- 46 Vs 46%Sutter-5u.... - -
> WIV I-r-.t STOCK
Atlantic D... 16 — iJudsoa « — —
Eastern D... 80 90 lUlanu SAM 24%
California.... Vi) — >Vicont. 85c 1
MISCIXT.AN>-01-% «STT*^t.
Alaska Plm. — 96%iOc«anlcS3Co 28V a —
BlkDCoalCa. — 10 FacAuxFA.. 1 —
CaICotMUU.. — — Pac Borax... 9* 100
CalDrvDoclc — — Pacl&NCa — 80
HgQt 13 614116% Roll MIU - —
GasConAssa. — — ParfPalntCo. 6% 7%
Ocr Lead Co. 85 — iPacTranaUo. - 24
HawCASCa. 19% 20 |PacT*TO?» 65 70
HntchSPCtx. 23% 23% SunaetTAr.. 41 —r-
JndaonMftG. — — lUuiiedUOo.. — 25
MerKxAssnlOO 110 I
SAi.KS — m.Kvi.v-j srsst.v.-
Board—
55 Edison Light A Power Co 116 25
60 do do 116 37%
60 Hawaiian Commercial 19 87%
20 Uutchlnson S P Co. 23 87%
730 do do 23 75
50 Murket-st Railway 46 00
60 do do 46 12%
60 Oakland Gas 62 76
25 Pacific Lighting 46 75
26 S Uastiebt 92 00
10 do do 92 60
Street—
70 Hutchinson 3 P Co. 24 00
» — »
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS
William C Spencer to W. A. J. Edlnger, lot on
S line of Vallejo street, 137:6 E of Buchanan, E
27:6 by H 137 :«, subject to mortgage; $20.
Robert A. and Alice McLean to Thomas Macee,
lot on N line of Broadway, 177:11% W of Devlsa
dero. W 16:0%, N 137:6, E 26:7, 6 4 deg. 61 mln.,
E 137:10%: aiso all Interest In lot adjoining on
the east: 910.
Julius Schroth to Minna Sehrotu, lot on N line of
Fell street, 175 E of Baker, E 26 by N 137:8 ; gift.
Andrew B. McCreery to Cnarlea M. My rick, lot
on E line of Lyon street, 100 >' of McAllister, N
26 by 100:91775.
Same to Patrick M. and Margaret Sullivan. lot
on N line of McAllister street, 14d:10% W of
Baker, W 25 by N 137:6; 8*275.
Same to Jeremiah Watts, lot on W line of Baker
street, 112:6 N of McAllister, N 25 by W
121:10%: 92850.
Same 10 Maurice A. Reardon, lot on N line of
Me Ulster street, 10 E of Lyon, E2sby N 100;
$19*5.
Joseph and Caroline F. Nash to James Monroe
Allen, lot on N W corner of Washington and Wal
nut street*, W 78 by N 102:81.4: $5000.
Emma J. While to lernnn.lo Nelson, lot on E
line of street, 46 8 of Clipper, S 22 by E 80;
810. *-»-»..
M. Morganlhau Company (a corporation) to
Henry Felge Jr., lot on E line of Hampshire
street, 222:6 8 of Twenty-second street, S 26 by E
100; $10.
F. H. and Minna M. Martens to Theo and Sophie
Binner, lot on W line of Diamond street, 173:8 IS
of Eighteenth, S 24:8 by W 125; 810.
William and Elizabeth Nicol to Ana L. and Wil
helmlna L. Selfert, lot on S line of Twenty-seventh
street, 254:6 Wof Douglass, W 26 by » 114: 810.
A. and Lu-;y A. Martin to .William Nichol, lot on
5 line of Twenty-seventh street, 279:6 W of Doug
lass, W 25 by S 114; 810.
Abraham Rosencrantz to Esther Rosencrantz,
1 483 d. 109, lot on E line of Kearny street. 65 s of
Post, 8 20 by E 100; also lot on NE line of Sixth
street, 75 NW of Bryant, N W 76 by Nls 160: also
lot on N line of Randolph street, 25 E of Ford. W
26, N 100, E 25, 8 100; 810.
Thomas I), Riordan to Susie H. Bernal, lot on
N W line of Minna street, 321 NE of Third, NE 26
by NW 70; 810.
Edward Qulgley Jr. to Sadie Qulgley. lot on a
line of 1 street, 67:6 W of Tuirty-tlnrd avenue, W
2.1 by S 100; also lot on N line of J street, 57 -.6 E
of 1 hirty-Jourth avenue, E 23 byN 100; also lot
32, block 5, syndics First Addition: gift.
P. J. and Margaret A. Martin to Margaret A.
Schmidt, lot on E line of Twenty-first avenue, 100
6 of L street, S 50 by E 120: 810.
Sol and Dora Uetz to Henry A. Dllling, lot on W
line of Nineteenth avenue. 300 of Point Lobos
avenue, 8 25 by W 120; 910.
M. B. Kellogg (trustee for Herman and Henri
etta Levison) to Walter A. Weber, lot on 8 corner
of S street and Seventh avenue south, SE 600 by
SW2OO, O'.n. and H. 135; $10. - «
Edward Burden to William I.add, lot on W line
of Ocean House road; 300:2 S of Pearl avenue, X
77 deg. 45 ruin , W 165, N 25:3, S 77 deg. 40 mm ,
E 161 :6%, « 24 :10%, being 8 half of lot 7. block
22, Market-street Homestead Association; 810. '
Emily i- Gllmore to Helen A. Winchester, lot
on W line of Gould street, 75 NotN ot Salinas avennc,
N 25 by W 100, block 3, Garden Tract Home
stead; girt ' ■ :•>« •■-
Same to Birdie F. Wells,. lot on W line of Clin
ton avenue, 125 8 of Berkshire. 8 26 by W 100.
block 5, Mission and Thirtieth : gift. .
Same to Emily M. Welts, lot on W line of Clin
ton avenue, 160 Bof Berkshire, S 25 by W 100,
block 6, same; gift. ■ - ■
Miguel, Vincent anl Catalina Noe and Catalina
Spllvalo to Charles Carr, undivided half of all fol
lowing; Lot on N E corner of Lobos and Orizaba
streets, E 90 by N 126; also lot on N line of Lobos
street. 140 E of Orizaba. E 60 by N 1. 6; also lot
on S line of Minerva street, 340 E of Orizaba. E 60
by 8 126: also lot on 8 line of Minerva street. 190
E of Orizaba, E 25 by 8 125, Railroad Homestead
Association; also lot 25, block 50, City Laud Asso
ciation; also lots 6. 6. 8 and 14. block , Hall
road Homestead Association No. 2: also lot 8, block
T, Railroad Homestead Association No. 2; 810.
ALAKEDA COCNTY.
t'nion Savings Bank to Alice S. Bennetts, lot 25,
Map of the PaclHc Theological Seminary Tract.
Oakland; $10.
W. \\ . Mart In to Frank A. Pratt, lot on S line of
Eighth street, 100 ft et Wof Madison, W 25 by S
100. being lot 13, block 82, Oakland: 910.
Frank A. 1 ratt to Ernest Lamp, same, subject to
a mortgage for S3. 00; s»10O.
Luida M. Adams toll.. Maxwell, lot on SE line
of Twenty-first avenue. 117:6 feet NE of East
Twenty-first street, NE 86 by SB 100, block 67,
Northern Addition to Brooklyn, Ea%t Oakland*
810
Mountain View Cemetery Association to Mary
Johnston, the W half of lot 188, in plat 12. Moun
tain View Cemetery, Oakland Township; 829.
Lester O. and Mary I. Burpee to James Maclise,
undivided Interest in lot on .V line of Forty-fifth
street. 590 E of Grove, E 80 by N 100. lot 32,
olock 2110. Alden Tract, Oakland Township: 810.
Edward J. Dodge to Elizabeth 8.. Mildred,
Charles S. and Anna M. Dodge, undivided one
tblrd interest in lot on NE corner of Chestnut and
Alameda avenues, E 200, X 150. W 200 S to be
ginning, being lots 1 to 4. block A, lands adjacent
to Encmal, Alamvda; 810.
\v arner Land and Improvement Company (cor
poration) to D. B. Kichards, lot 21, block A, Fitch
Tract, Alameda; also lots 1 and 2, block; F, Re
vised Map Prospect Hill Tract, Brooklyn Town
ship: also lot 40, Electric Heights Tract, Brooklyn
Township; 810.
» Daniel J. and Annie Ahem to IdaF. Earll (wife
of F. A.) and Mary L. Putnam (wife of R. W.), lot
4, block 16, Daley's Scenic Park, Berkeley: 810.
Johann Doerner to G. L. H. Klauenberg, lot on
W line of Bruce street, 100 N of Bancroft way, N
40 by W 120, being lot 16, block H, Bryant Tract
(subject to a mortgage for #500), Berkeley; 810.
Harry H. Seawell to Marta H. Weldon, lo: 19,
block D, revised map Prospect Hill Tract; also
lot on SW line of East Twenty-second street, 100
SE of Tenth avenue, SE 60 by SW 150, being lota
13 and 14, block B-ISI, map of Brennan estate
£roperty, subject to mortgage to Union Savings
ank for 8950, Brooklyn Township, East Oak
land; 810.
W. H. Ccrnell to Henry Mobr, lots 19 to 22,
block 631, Adeline-street lots. Oakland; 810.
Thomas Jarvls (by Commissioner) to John and
Mnrguret McOllllvray, lot on SE corner of Henry
and West Fifth streets, S 113 by E 60, lots 22 and
23. block F. Bay View Homestead, Oakland; 8—
William Cornell to Henry Mohr, lot on E line of
Myrtle street, 60 S of Eighteenth, b 20 by E 100.
block 693. Market-street Tract, Oakland; 'f 10.
Wells, Fargo <fe Co. to William and Ida Moun
tain, lot on s line of Knox avenue, 752.29 W of
Telegraph, 8 175.80, W 40, N 183, E 40.68 to be
ginning, portion of Knox Park, Oakland; 810.
L. M. acd Mary A. Peacock to Nathan Douglas,
lot onlW line of Chestnut street, 337:6 8 of Thirty
second. S 37:6 by W 132. block C, Peralta Home
stead Association, Oakland; 85.
L. G. Harvey to Adelheid 1 obbernboske, lot on
B\V corner of Eighteenth and Chestnut streets, S
61:8 by W 120, block 697, Oakland, quitclaim
deed; 810.
Peter Jorgensen to Elizabeth Jorgenson, the SW
quarter of section 10 and N half of NE quarter ot
section 16, Township 3S, range 1 W, Eden Town
ship: gift.
Manuel M. Aya'.a (executor Of estate of E. O. de
Ayala) to W. H. Cornell. lots 2 ana 3, block A.
Vircnte Peralta Reservation Tract, Oakland
Township; 8750.
W. W. and Genevleve R. Sargent to Frederick H.
Sears.lot 2, block 4, Corrected Map Daley's Scenic
Park Tract, Berkeley ; flO.
Builders' Contracts,
Edward Philips with John Wlkman, all work
except painting for a frame buildinc on N line of
Clement street, 67:6 W- of Thlrty-flrst avenue;
81500. Contractor architect.
Clans Spreckels with San Francisco Furniture
Manufacturing Company, woodwork for Interior
of building on SW corner of Van Ness avenue and
Clay street: 85945. Reid Brothers architect.
Jacob J. Jackson with James McConahey, all
work fora two-story frame residence on W line of
Dolores street. 82 feet N of Twenty-seventh
slßso. No architect.
.—«. — «. — »
THE CALL CALENDAR.
May, 1896.
3
;—
,0
Bu.
|Mo.jTu.
4 6
11 12
18 19
25 28
[W.
•
—
18
TU.
7
!
i
14
Fr.
1
'
8
15
tia ~\ Moon's Phases.
2
:■ " '
<flh Moon.
16 SB/ May J2.
QLMQutt^
—
—
17
30
21
H
28 /-^Flrst Quarter
-May 19.
SO ~ .- , . .'.. -
(G\ FaU Moon.
YE/ May 26.
1
24
27
28
m
1
n
OCEAN STEAMERS
>ates of Departure From San Francisco
STKAMKR
IDBSTINATIOX. |
SAILS.
| PIKS.
State o: Cai I Portland... 'May 3.loam' fior
Eur»*a.... NetTDon ...... May 3, Yam Pier 11
City Pueblo Vie & Pet Snci May 4. 9am Pier 9
Pomona HnrohoMt May 5 Vfm ' Pier 9
A Blanchani: Oregon ports.. May 5. Bpm Pier 13
fcantaltosuL. ~>an D1etr0. . . . . May 5.11 am Plfrll
City Peking. China Japan ' May 5. Urn fMSS
Orizaba. Mexico May 5.10 am Pier 11
Aram.. row war May 5.10 am Pier 1 i
Fiiraiion.... :^ aoulna Ba^r.. May 6. 9am Pier 2
Wecott Kel Kiver May B, »am Pier 13
•'• , " 01 I N#wnort ...... May 7. Ham Pierll
Columbia... Portland May B,loam Plp r 24
Colon : Panama May 8. 12 m PMSS
Corona. San Uiearo. . May 9.11 am Pierll
Walla Wall* Vie * Pjft Bnd May 9. oam Pier 9
Coogßay .. Mexico .... iMavlO.ntAM Plrrll
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE
STKAMEB I i'BDM I DDK
Colen ...... I Panama. May a
Aliceßlancnaru , Portland May I
BaniaHosa..... . san l)ieeo_ May 3
Weeott. ;EeiKiver May a
Ara»o ! coos Bay May 4
Pomona. Humboide Bar May 4
Farallon Vaauina iJay May 4
Homer Coos iiar May 4
Wellington...... Departure Bay : May 4
Willamette I Departure Bay May 4
Queen ; Portland May C
I'ruckee Ttllamoofc May a
Colombia. I'auarua May 6
Paul ; Newport. May 8
Walla Walla — | Victoria A Puce: sound ..May B
Cr«M«nt cur... Crescent Otr_ May 6
North F0rt..... Humboldt Bay May €
Loos Bay Mexico May 6
Corona San Diego. „ May 7
M0n0w01.. ...... Sydney May 7
Mackinaw T*c0m»....;,,.... May 1
EureKa «.. Newport May £
Del >'ort« GraysHaroor May S
Empire ; Portland May 1C
BtateotCal ; Portland May 1C
In; at ilia ' v"ic:ori(V & I'ueot Souno ! ..May II
Sunol !()rnv« Harnor .. . '..Mav't
SUN, MOON AND TIDE
V. P. Coast and Gxodjctig Skrvky Tids")
Buliktin Published BY OFFICIAL V
AUTHORITY OF THK SCPKBIXTKXDBXT. )
buiidav. M;iy 3.
Sunrises 5.09! Moon rises 0.3-1 am
Sonseis 7.04 Moon sets
Slay-1896.
>|Tlme Fee Ti->H Feel | 11^1 | Feet j Time Fe«
Xi H W I L W I |11 w I |L W
3 3.221 5.0 10.41 — 0.8 6.351 3.8 11.31 1 3.2
4 4.45 4.5 11.36 -0.3 7.18 4.0
L W I Feet II \V Feet I, W Foet H W ! Feet
6 0.65 3.0 6.11 4.3.12.:8, 0.0 7.52 4.3
6 2.00 2.0 7.8* 4.3 1.20 0.4 824 4.&
7 2.46 2.0 5.3-, 4.1 2.04 : 0.8 8.51 i 4.7
X 3.18 1.5 9.28 4.0 2.40 1.0 9.15 47
9 3.401 1.2 10.20 4.0 3.10 1.3 ! 9.35 4.9
note— ln the above exposition of the tides th«
•arly morning tides art. given in the left band
column, aud the successive tides of the day In the
order of occurrence as to time. The second tlm*
column gives the second tMe of the day, the third
time column the third tide, and the last or righ'.
hand column gives the last tide of the day, except
when there are bnt three tides, as so'metlmes
occurs. The heights given are additions to the
soundings on th« United States Coast Survey
charts, except when a minus sign (— ) precedes the
height, and then the. number given Is nubtractive
from the depth given by tns rbart*
HYDROGRAPHIC BULLETIN.
Branch n ydrooraphic Office. U. S. N. ■»
Merchants' Exchavor. J-
San Francisco. Jjay 2. 189 X )
The time ball on Telegrapn Kill was dronne.l
exactly at noon to-day— l. c., at noon of the lviOth
meridian, or exactly at 8 p. v.. Greenwich tlma.
A. F. Fkckteleh.
I.lentenant U. S. N.. tn -■hitrt'*.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
Arrived.
SATURDAY. May 2.
Stmr Washtenaw, Croscup, 90 hours from
TuLoma: .loUO tons coal, to 8 P Co. Oakland
direct. — ' _ .
Stmr Alcatraz, Fiicerlund, 63 hours from He
don to-, ballast, to I. E White Lumber Co.
Schr. Ivy, Banks. 7 days liom Coos Bay:
183 M ft lumber, :o Mrapson Lumber Co.
Clexretl.
* /" . SATURDAY, May 2.
Stmr City of Puebla, Debney, Victoria and Port
Townsend: Uoodall, Perkins & Co.
Mnir Knreka, Jepaen, Wan Pedro; Goodall, Per
kins A Co.
Rtmr State of California, Ackley, Astoria: Good
all. Perkins A Co.
Stmr Arcata, Cousins. Eureka and Portland;.
Oregon Railway and Navigation Co.
Bark Forest Queen, Rice, Seattle; Kruse A Madi
son. -
, Sailed.
SATURDAY, May 2.
. Ftmr Empire, Anderson, Astoria.
Stmr Kodlalc, Nielsen. Kodlaic.
, Stmr Xavatro, Hard wick.
' Stmr Boni/a, Downing. Port Harford. etc'
Ktilp Paslnnz Wave. Morehouse, Tacoma,
Bark Mercury, Colby. Port Blakeley.
Br bars Inveresk. I>aaeford. briibane.
Bark Annie Johnson. Matron, Hilo.
Bktn Northwest, Lund. Seattle.
Schr Dora Bluhm, Laraen. Grays Harbor.
Sent Fannie Adele. Murchison. Tncoma.
' &chr Archie and Font: ■ Colstrup, Stewarts Point.
Telegraphic.
POINT I>OBOS. May 2-10 p. — Wca:n:r
cloudy, wind £; velocity la miles.
Charters.
The Br ship Rdenballymore loads wheat for
South Africa ac 233 6d, if to two ports •Jos.
Spoken.
No date— Lat 33 S. long 49 \V, Br suip Wnsdale
from Shields, for ban Francisco.
Mar 9— Lat 16 S, long 34 W, Br ship Drumcralg,
from Barry, for Vancouver.
•Domestic Forts.
EUREKA— Arrived May I— Stmr North Fork
hence Apr 30: stmr Pomona, hence May I.
PORT ASGELES-In bay May 3— Ship John C
Potter, from Santa Rosalia, for Puget Hound; hark
Guardian, hence Apr 12. for l'li^et .Sound.
PORT GAMBLE— Arrived May a— Sclir Comet,
from San Pedro.
VENTURA— Arrived May 2— Stmr GeoLoomis,
for San Francisco.
NEW WH ATCOM-Arrtved May 2-«chr Jos
Rubs, from San Diego.
GREENWOOD— Arrived May 2-Stmr Alcazar,
hence May 1.
COOSBAY— Sailed May 2—^tmrs Arago and '>
Alice Blanchard, for San Francisco.
ALBlON— sailed May '£— Schr Bessie K. for San
Francisco. '
HEARNS LANDlNG— Arrived May 3— Schr
Cor ntnian. hence Apr 30
■ TATOOSH— Passed May 2-Strar Mackinaw.
hence Apr -29. for Tacoma: stmr Excelsior, hence
Apr 29, for Nanalmo; stmr City of Everett, hence
April '29. for Nanalmo; ship Spartan, hence Apr
26. for Seattle. • v
FORT BRAGG— Arrived May 2— Stmr Protec
tion, hence May 1.
Sailed May 2— Strar Noyo, for San Kranelsco.
PORT BLAKELEY— Arrived May 2— Haw ship
Hawaiian Isles, hence Apr 18:schrBpulah, hence
Apr 9: schr o W Watson, from Newport.
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived May 2— Stmr Del
None, hence Apr 29.
SAN DlEGO— Sailed May 2— Stm yacht Lucero.
Eastern Ports.
NEW YORK— Arrived May I— Stmr Finance
from Colon. -
Foreign Ports.
CHEMAINUS— Arrived May 2— Schr Carrier
Dove, hence April 24.
CARDlFF— Arrived Apr SO— Br ship Crown of
Scotland, from Oregon.
GLOUCESTER— Arrived Apr 29-Br ship Car
nedd Llewellyn, hence Dec 24.
HULL— Arrived Apr 30— ship. Albert Rick
mers.'from Oregon.
t SYDNEY— SaiIed May I— Br stmr Warrlmoo,
for Vancouver.
N A IMO— Sailed May 2-Shlp El well, for San
Francisco.
SHANGHAI— SaiIed Apr 2— Ship Banjamin
Sewell, for Poget Sound.
SYDNEY— Arrived Apr 18— Ship Bohemia, hnc
Jan 29. , ..i \
for Late Shipping Intelligence .See Fourteenth Page.
ocsAir steamships:
lETHERLASDS AMERICA STEAI IITI-
GATIOS COAPiir..-
New York to Boulogne (Paris), Rot-
terdam and Amsterdam,
Sailing from New York EVERY SATURDAY at
I 8 A. M.
Cheapest rontc to Europe. First cabin 945 ana
upward. Second cabin $36. Round-trip tickets at
reduced rates. , Lowes: steerage rates to all points.
For passage apply to local ticket agent or
THOMAS COOK <t SON, Pacific Coast passenger
agents, 621 Market St.. S. F. 8
ROYAL MAIL STEASJACRET CO3IPAW.
STEAMERS LEAVE ASPIWWALIi /&**-
fortnightly for the West Indies and <*B&*M
Southampton, calling en rente at cerbourght
France, and Plymouth to land passengers. - .
Through bills of lading, in connection with th»
Pacific Mall S. 8. Co., Issued for freight and treat-
■re to direct ports in England and Germany. -
Through tickets from San Francisco to Plymouth.
Cherbourg, Southampton. First class, 919B: thlH
OUaa. 997 Ml For further particulars apply to
PARUOTT A CO., Agent*
' *- ■ SO6 California at.
VALLEJO, MARE ISLAND, *BEXICIA, PORT
COSTA ASD CROCKETT.
STK. MONTICELLO,
Daily, except Saturday and Sunday— lo:3o a. U.
- and 4 p. m. ; Saturday, 10:80 a. m., 8:80 p. x;
- . Sunday— B p. X.
•4 p. v. only. . _ «•; . : ... . ... .
Landing, Mission 1, Pier 3.
OCEAN STEAMSHIPS.
PACIFIC coast STEAMSHIP COMPACT
CUT RATES
VICTORIA, B. C, and '
PUGET SOUND.
3Plx*s»t Class ..38.00
Second Claas....feO.OO
Meals and berth included. »
Ticket Office— 4 Sew Montgomery Street.
• GOODALL, PERKINS & CO..
__ : »■»•»•> rrttl .Agents. * o
O. R..^c«3 IST. -
ASTORIA AIPORTLANft
$2.50 Second Class, $5 First Class.
MEALS AND BERTHS INCLUDED.
Btate of California 5ai15....... May 3 and IS
Columbia 5ati5......... May 8 and 18
Prom Spear-st. Wharf (Pier 24) at 10 a. X. ".
SOODALL. PERKINS"* CO.. Oonl. Snpts.
if. V. CONNOR, General Agent.
, 630 Market street.
PACIFIC COAST STEAMSfIIP COIPMY ]
STEAMER-S WILL SAIL FROM JS-sS^
Broadway wharf, San Francisco, ua *?sss&
follows:
For iMary Island. Lorin?. Wrangel. Juneau. Kil-
lis,".oo ana Sltka (Alaska), at a a. m., Alay 11,
■29. .iu:\> It, 13. .8, vH. • .-:."..
For Victoria and Vancouver (B. C), Port Town-
send. Seattle. Tacoma, Everett, Anacortes and New
Whatcom (Belllngham Bay, Wash.). 9 A. M.
Hay 4. P. n, iv, 21. ;.*». and every nftli
day thereafter, connecting at Vancouver wita
the C. P. R. R., a. Tacoma with N. P. R. R., ■
at Seattle with G. N. Ry., at Port Townsend with
Alaska steamers.
For Eureka. Arcata Bad. Fields Landing (Hatn-
boldt Bay) str. Pomona, a p. m., .May 1. 5. 9.
13. 17. 21. 23. 29. and every fourth day thereafter.
For Santa Cruz, Monterey, Sari Simeon, Cayucoi,
Port Harrord (ban l.vis Obispo), Gavlola. San.* "
Barbara. Ventura. Hueneme. Shti Pedro. Ease -San
Pedro (Los Angeies) ana Newport, at 9 a. m... M.»y
8, 7. 11. 1., 19,23,27, 31 and every lourth day
thereafter.
. For San Dteso. stopping only at Pot Har!orl
(San I.vi* Obispoi. Sana Barbara, Port Lai
Aceeles, Redouuo (Los Ai^selfs) and Newport. 11
a. v.. ftiav 1. .>. ii. 18, If, ai,-] -J5. 29 ao4
every fourth day thereafter.
For Knspuada, San Jose del Cabo, Mazatlan, U%
Paz. Altata and Guaymas (Mexico), sir. Orl2 ib», '
10 a. if.. M-v 5:. «tr. i.oo* Bay. 10 a. m.. .May '10.
Ticßet office. Palace llotel, 4 New Montgomery
street. ■ •
UOODALL, PERKIXS A CO., GenT Agent* '
10 Marivet st. San Francisco.
COSPAGISIE GENERAL TRASS ATI
Frenoii Line to Havre.
COMPANY'S PIER <NEW).4S» NORTH e.^f\
\J River, foot of Morton at. Travelers by sw^fß
this line avoid both transit oy English railway ana
the discomfort of crossing the channel in a small
boat. New Yonc to Alexandria, Egyp:, via i'-»r:j,
lirst-clan«i $160: st cornl-claas. $ Ho. •
LA GASCOGNE. Capt. Baudelon ~
..jd*Y ft 8:0(1 a. if
LA BRETAGNE. Capt. Rupe
...a It", 4t.il
LA TOURAi.NK, c:»pt. >antelll
May 2?, B*. «
LA NOKMAA'ItiK, Capt. De10nc.0...:
M.w SO. 4a. M. -
43" For further particulars anplv to - •
A. FORUKT. A?ent.
No. 3 Bow]j Qreen, New Yorle. J
J. F. FCGAZI & CO., Agents, 5 Montgomery i
avenue, San Francisco.
OCEANIC S.S. CO. g% . days to
HAWAII, SAMOA, £{«,. HONOLULU'
NEW ZEALAND, BTh ' by
AUSTRAUfA. \# S.S. AUSTRALIA.
S. 8. AUSTRALIA for HONOLULU only, Satur-
day, May "23, at 10 a. m. Special party rates.
S. S. M NOW A I sails via HONOLULU and .
AUCKLAND for SYDNEY, Thursday, May 28,
• LinetoCOOLOARDIE, Aust., and CAPETOWN, -
S. Afr. J. V BPRECKKLS A BROS. CO., Agts..
114 Montgomery sL
Freight Office. 327 Market St.. San Francisco.
WHITE STAR USE.
United States and Royal Mall Steameri
BETWEEN
New York, Queenstown & Liverpool,
SAlLiKii IVKKV WUBK.
CABIN. $60 AND UPWARD. ACCORD- /m
luff to steamer and accommodations wSnES •
selecte.l; seconcj cibin, $35 and «40: Ma|»,c mul
Teutonic. Steerage Tickets from England, -Ire-
land, Scotland. .Sweden, Norway «nd Denmark
through to San Francisco at lowest rates. Tickets.
tailing dates and cabin plans may be procured
from W. H. AVERY, Pacific Mall Dock, or at th«
General Office of the Company, 613 Market street,
under Cinnd Hotel. v. W. FLETCHER,
General Agent lor Pacific Coast.
STOdTOS STEAMERS,
Leave Pier No. 3, Washington St..
At 5 I*. M-. Unily.
Steamer from liach Kml Sunday*.
UTS' Accommodations Reserved by Telephone.
STKASIKKs:
T. C. Walker, J. D. Peter*.
Mary Garratt, City of Stockton.
1 elf phono Main 80S. <gi >ay. ard Impf. Co
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
SOUTH IiIiN PAt:iric <ojipaxt.
(PACIFIC KVSTKM.I
'lia!a» leave nail nn< <Iti«i In arrive nt
MAN rilANt l.Sl'O.
leave — FnoM May 3, 1596. — Aititiva
•6:00 a Nilcs. San Joes and Way Stations. . . 8:4»X
7:OOa Atlantic Kipresii, Ogili-u and Hast.. 8:15*
4 :00a Uci'lcia, Vaca»il!o. Cunsscy. Sacra-
mento, and (.tiding via David . . . . 0:15 p
7:00 a Martinez, San Ramon,- Napa, Calli.
toga ana Santa llosz 6:1."p
»:3OAl*ilcB. San Jos?, Ktochtou, lore. '
Sacramento, Maryßvill», Kcil liluU
mi-.) Sundays Oiiitillc.... 4tlsp
•SsSOa Peters an-l Milton..-. »7:l.jp«
U:«».\ LO3 Angeles Express. Trerno, Santa ■
Barbara and l.on Augolvs 4:4.1p
• 0:00 a Martinez aud Stockton S»:l3a.
OtOOAVallejo :O:13p
1 :OOi» Niloa, Ban .Jose cc<l I.ivcniiorc fc:Jr»A
•J:OOr Sacramento Ui7er 6te:iuicr« «8:O«r-
-|1 Port and Wry Stations 17:45r
4:OOr Martinez, Han ltamo'i. ■ Vnllcj...
Nap.i, Calisloga, 101 Vcrauo and
•Santa Itosa , »: 1 5 A
4:«orDcnicia, VacaTille, Woodland,
JCnlgl.ts Landing, Marysrillo, *
Orovillo ami fiac:an:cnlo 10:43*
4i3«pNlles. San Joso, Livcncoro and
. -«_ Stockton 7i15»
4:30p Merced, llerenda-. Bsymocd (for
_^ Vof cniite) amd Fresno". 11:15 a
• O:0*p Sow Orleans Hxiiroe3,l rcsiio,l)a!ier3-' • »•
Held, SanU i:.tib;ii'3,),n.i Augolt-n,
>' j- .:. Dcniin?, El Pt«o,2iew Oi lcans and *
East 10:15 a
3:00? Hauls. Fu Koutp, AtlaiiUo i"l|jlM>
for Mojavo uud Kast 10:13 a
j s:OOpVsllcjo 11:43 a
O:OOr llurciwan Mnil, <>g<lun and lUist.... 9:I»a
0:«0p Haywaviis. Hilcouiiil Kan J05e...... 7: 15 a
:7:<)of V.illeJ( .• t7:l3p .
7i(Mlr Orcßon ]vxi>rciis,SaoTatneiito, Marys,
ville, r.-.'.liliii;,', Poitlan.l, I*i.Qt;L
Sound Kist ;.....• 10. IT A
KAMA i\U'/, UIVI>K»N (Narrow t-aage). '
J7:43a Santa Cruz Excursion, r-anta Cruz
and Prfncipil V.'ay Stations :esp
■ :15a Nev7a.rk.Ceiilertillc,Sttii.loBo,Fcltoii,
I'.onlder Creel:, SanU Cruz and Way .
Stations '. Cis«r N -
•»:15p Nowarlc. Centcr»Ule, San Jose, Now
Almadcn, Fclton, l'onlilcr Creek, .
Mauta Cmz and Principal Way - -
Btitiora «II:aOA
<t!sp ypw-r!: San .long nnd I.oh IMxm 9:.TOA
(QAM I>l VISION (lliir.l & Toitiiscihl Stx.) "
•6:43 a Han Jose nml Way buttons (New
' Almoden Wednesdays 0n1y)....... *l:-iSp
JT;ls<Vi Sunday Excursion for San Jose 1 .
8-»nta Cruz, Pacifio Grore, and
Principal Way Station* }B:3Sr
8:13 a San .lose, Treii Pinos, Huuta Cms,
Pacific OroTe. Paso Knblcs, .Sau '
J.nia i3i><>, Goadalupo And Prlu-
clnal Way •Stntious 7:03p
'19:47 a Palo Altoa=d Way Stations tl:4op
I«:1Oa Han Jose and Way 5tati0n5......... 5:OOp
11:13 a Palo Alto and Way Stations 3:30p
•2:3»rSiiu .1030, Gllrny, Ires Tihos, Santa
Cm/, Salinas, Monterey and Tacilic
CJroro *10:I0a
•3:aopSan.7oso and Principal Way Stations »:47a.
*4:30p San Jose anil Way Stations ....... *S:OOa.
5:30p Sau Jose and Way Stations *8:48 a
0:.10p San Jose and Wny .Stations.... 0:".5 a
t11:45i« San Josonnd Way Stations. ......... ■»7:-l.">p
' SAX LKAS.MttiI AAli HW'WAKUs LUI'AL. '"
t*S:OOA "1 ~~ " (■ 7:13 a
8:0Oa rO:43A
,£s* Melrw.e, Seminary Park, \° t^
"Hoop Fltehbnr ,Sa Leaudro
•.?:§g P l » d • . til?
7:00p " ' 8:45p
o!oop {Rum throng to lffle«.* lollop
ftlliiap J tFromNiles. • ( ttieloop
-Vi CREEK ROUTE FERRY. v
from SiH Fit Mi CISCO— Foot of Mirket Street (Slip 8)—
•7:15 0.-CO. 11:00 a.m. tl:00 »2:00 43:00
•4:00 J5:03 «6:Cor.ii.
rromOlIUKD— of BroidwiT.— . *6:00 BM
Jo;OOa.m. U2:00 . U:00 J2:00 . *3:00 «:00
A for Morning. ./ for Afternoon. ;....' -,
• Sundays excepted. ' v f Saturdays only. ,
. .■ - : t Sundays only, '. ■ -■ »
i tt Monday. Thursday ami Saturday nights only. : _
3132
WARRED WITH SAURIANS
Story of the Count d'Oriole's
Battles on the Brah
mapootra.
HE KILLED MANY OF THEM.
The Count Is Deeply Interested in
Science^Will Soon Re-Enter the
Diplomatic Service.
The Count d'Oriole of Germany, who
has been on a tour of Portugal, Egypt,
India a-nd other countries for the past
year, arrived here yesterday.
The Count has been Charge d' Affaires at
Luxembourg and Brussels for the last few
years.. He is a good deal interested in
science, and, needing a rest, ho got a leave
of absence, from the German diplomatic
service for a time and set out.
He is about 35 years old and has bushy
brown whiskers, dark eyes and hair, and
arrays himself in a brown suit and black
soft hat. By this garb does he show his
easy-going cosmopolitanism.
With the Count is his friend Arno Hoff
mann of Neugersdorf, Germany. He will
stay here for a day or two and then go to
Monterey, after which he will visit the
Yosemite.
The Count during his trip abroad has
not only been studying " things in a
scientific way, but he has also been in
dulging in'killing crocodiles. He says he
is not going to do »s many foreigners
have done, namelj", write a book, but that
J.e will leave that toothers.
"But if you want to know about my ali
gator hunting," said he, "1 will cheerfully
tell you wliat I can about it. I hunted
the animals on the Brahmapootra River
while en route to Assam.
"The alligators in this river are of enor
mous size.. They are as big as this room
here at the Palace, or m other words, as
much as twejHy feet long and even more.
It is extraordinary the size they get to be.
"Myself and party hunted them some
distance up the river. There the monster
saurians were so plentiful that they
swarmed upon the banks like cattle. The
river is quite shallow there and they come
up to sleep and sun themselves. They al
ways, have their mouths open.
'•There is a large traffic in the skins of
the alligators in most parts of the world.
There are some in different parts of India,
but there are so many alligators in the Brah
• mapootra that they threaten to affect the
- • market. I. easily shot all I wanted. 1
found out that if I shot them on the bank |
I could almost always secure them, but if
shot in the water they were almost cer
tain to escape.
"Down near the mouth of the river are
. .enormous numbers of man-eating alliga
tors. Their mouths are sharper than
those of the up-river saurians and are set
with frightf.uliy sharp teeth."
SUING FOR A LEGACY.
Coleridge Russell Has a Peculiar
Claim Against the Mac
donough Estate.
He Wants an Inheritance That Should
Have Stood for a Busi
ness Interest.
A suit for a legacy which did not ma
terialize when the will was read was filed
by Coleridge Russell Friday.
Russell is suing John G. Agar, executor
of the estate of Joseph Macdonough, for
$12,0u0. Russell was for some years before
his death in the employ of Macdonough
and for a time practically conducted the
coal business, in which Macdonough was
saentensively engaged. He says that un
der his management the business grew so
rapidly as to bring his efforts to the atten
tion of a rival firm.. This rival firm offered
him a fifth interest in its business as an
inducement, and Russell says he decided
to take the offer.
When Macdonough heard of the offer,
the complaint says, be advised Russell not
to accept it. He told Russell to remain
with him, and be would go the rival firm's
offer one better by leaving his employe a
legacy which would fully recompense him
for any loss a refusal of the offer mUht
entail. Russell refused the offer and
waited.
• In June, 1895, Macdonough died. The
will was read, but there was no legaoy for
Russell. He submitted a claim against
the estate, in which he set forth all the
facts, and the claim was rejected. Now he
says the business he was offered an inter
est in is worth $60,000, and he is suing the
McDonough estate for the $12,000 wfcich he
says, he has-iost.
The Shinglei*' Union.
On Thursday night tie Building Trades
Council decided not to admit the Shinglers'
Union into the /ouncK, the principal reason
feeing that their trade conflicts in many re*
spects with the carpenters. Last evening the
sninglerft decided not to pay «ny further atten
tion to the council, but to issue to all shinglers
a working card of the Shinglers' t'nion. These
cards will be distributed on Monday evening
at 115 Turk street.
ASSAILED BY BURGLARS.
Seven Chinese Thieves Armed With Big
-*<i i \ ci Attempt Kobbery.
Seven' Chinese burglars, armed with big
knives, attempted a raid on Lee Doon's
merchandise store, 417 Commercial street,
at 12:35 o'clock yesterday morning.
A pistol report rang out clearly on the
still nieht air and there was an immediate
rush of men from all directions to the seat
of trouble.
On the sidewalk near the corner of
Sansome and Clay streets was a China
man whining piteously and grasping his
side, while he stammered that he was shot.
Moving along in the shadow on the op
posite side of Clay street was another
Chinaman headed toward Chinatown. He
did not halt when commanded, but was
overtaken and pinioned before he had
reached Montgomery street.
Both men were searched, but no weapon
was found on either, nor were any signs of
a wound evident about the first capture.
Under his clothing was found a small
canvas sack, such as is used for carrying
coin, but he lied deliberately in regard to
its possession. He said that several Chi
nese had shot at him on Commercial
street, but that he was too scared to see
COUNT D'ORIOLE.
how many there were or where they werst.
The officers started on an investigating
tour in that direction, taking the prisoners
with them.
Alone near the buildings on the north
j side of Commercial street, just below
Montgomery, were found a villainous
looking short sword aboat 16 inches
long, made something like a cleaver,
further on a scabbard made of two bits of
j laths bound with cloth, and a sheathed
double-edged dagger about a foot Jong.
All the proprietor of the store could tell,
as he nursed a bruised forehead and a
lacerated chin, was that he had heard a
noise at the door, and when he opened it
and demanded, "What you come for?" he
had been severely attacked, throttled and
knocked backward down the basement
stairs. He saw seven men, but had no
chance to recognize any one.
A later search resulted in the find of a
large navy revolver, an English bulldog
and another knife near the crossing of
Commercial and Sansome streets.
The prisoners were taken to the Califor
nia-street police station.
THE OLD
RAZOR-GRINDER
Story of One of San Francisco's
Oldest Characters.
A sketch was found among a lot of dis
carded drawings at the Art Institute a few
days ago that is perhaps the only picture
in existence of one of the oddest characters
that ever lived in San Francisco. The
sketch is unsigned, but everybody that
ever passed the corner of Kearny and Pine
streets before ISBS will recognize it as the
old razor-grinder.
This man was one of the features of that
locality almost from the time the streets
Old Peabody, the Razor- Grinder.
[From the original sketch.
were laid out, although it was never pos
sible to find out very much about him. He
always made an effort to be comical and
preferred cracking jokes to talking about
himself.
It is known that the old fellow's name
was Peabody and that he was an English
man who arrived in this section of the
world on the tidal wave of 1849. What he
did on his arrival is not known. At any
rate he had a good business head, for he
recognized the fact that 50 cents was a
good deal to pay for a shave and that a
great many men would shave themselves
if they could have their razors kept in or
der.
Every evening just after dark old Pea
body located on the corner of Pine and
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, 31 AY 3, 1896.
\-^ r^-^j^ r^ r^^^_ rv^^ r^^^^^^^^^^ . . -. . ■ NEW. TO-DAT. ■, : «
i ! IJj W^^^JWry^^ I SEE SHOW WINDOW. SEE SHOW WINDOW. I SEE SHOW WINDOW. j/K
I "- i * : ** :^i( / rtl ki Wjr SHEETS S- Special Sale of Sheets CLOAKS : Noah Webster says UATIAIIA % is? No- I■*
f ir-'■■ir r*\\l\3L*Zilfa SHEETS I f,-i p hffi^.;» CLOAKS 1 "a'peemSt" "goo"" NOTIONS 1 glhS would be ifte ] :
'"MF'fJJfE'J WJ£P P*^b^§HH AMI! lof ho r e , ssw:n S witn - ARjn IWe an * *» make°an AMfl 1 wltho'li^thf^'hf 11 ;•
t.s \ JS-Vg^O^. <i^ l ; t7?ry > r>\^?»» > Mill <2 out havin * a ™ ne HrSLI § agreement with you. Ural i Always thcHrstlm- i
N *^— -.^O 1 -*^^^ ■ — "^ fl>»i# -g loss. Muslin of ac- »"■■«■• ® It's this : You Rive us ' flllO © porters of first • ,
if ANNIVERSARY specials. OASES. 1 1|&1I| SUITSjjC^^ WAISTS. IgfiSli
1 i ... ■ (s!®S®®€®(S>S)®®® wrinkle and will be I ®®®®®®®®®®®® business. Then, be- ®®®®®®«XiXiy'iyS)(SVsyS they were ail born *-^
ilb These are "once a year" offerings, when economy gets in its fine work. You perfectly straight when I sides. Its Birthday ! *« ) waXSXS>^«)®«Xs) they were all bora il
if 9 pay little and save much. * washed. We have every size you would make week, and your help is wanted to celebrate. w 96- u P- to - date 44
' "~~ j BIKIHDAY-BPECIU^ Tc if you wanted some now. __ for new women. .H r ,
(i • PIC™" bo^^pec^p'rice 8 ' dOuble latcd - 200 ° »» » . • : — 200 LADIES' WRAPPERS, In .trip- JET AND COLORED SPANGLE " 11 •
I 9 • — — — — """I— no*. BLEACHED PILLOWCASES, torn 45x and fancy calicos, Watteau pleat la YOKES, shimmering, sparkling "like it
,„„„.,„ I „ . _ « * l >--** Sl't«:iAL. AC 36 inches, deep hem. good qnality. 110 back, very full skirt,, sizes 32 to 44: a sunbeam from the golden West," If L
' iwV . Real Torchon 8 Inches wide. «sood qnal- I- Birthday special, each ■11 a decided bargain at 85c On sale CAC the summer girl of '96 can find no ] '
,fc | LAtbl I"?' For I'illowcaxe Edging. Special price Yard. . Monday only. Birthday special, each OU collection so new as ours, Spangled
IC 8 ._ VIICTIII>AY SrKCIAI.. BLEACHED PILLOWCASES, torn 54x from $10 to 83 50. Je: from ?9 50 7^C, £ •*.
«.RNT!»' j , Gents' Linen Collars in till the latest styles. iaC 42% lnche? long, best quality muslin. IRC ao«nto : It) |a
COLLARS. Warranted 4-ply and -'100 linen. Regular 3 for lU— Birthday special, each -L«J 60 LADIES' VELVET CAPES, collar . I •■
16 |?0< kind, Special price „. | Kach. *- trimmed with ribbon and points of jet, BELT BUCKLES, sterling silver, the "
(9 • r.IKTIIDVV SPECIAL TTvr HEMSTITCHED PILLOWCASES, torn braid around shoulders, all lined with small kind for the new belts, 1 inch Qf^O ■
I SI'KOIAL ' Fancy mesh. plain and dotted. All colors 14 ID- 43x39 Inches, soft-finished muslin. 1 7IC fancy figured silk. 18 indies long; * lde - price 1. OO a
VKJI,IN<i. inches wide. Value 25c. Special price Yard Birthday special, each Xl» elegant value at 10. Our Birthday C» rr.oo —
li j mTtTTIT>\Y si'KCi vi : , _.--,* • offering for Monday only «J) 4 A NECKWEAR OCCASION-Onr win- I:
If FKATHEB Size 14 to 18 inches. Value from «c to IV 10 BLEACHED HEMMED SHEETS, torn dow Is full of the daintiest of Neck- ' fit"
™ liUSrKlfs bJUrbtlydJunai^A^^^cTo^ont^aSeeii?i»S Ka.-h I»ix2\4 yards ions, heavy thread, no OCC .wear. Look at the display. 'Tls an * ; - •••-
: L - 2 - ,'"'•' '- closed out, special pnee <l^ dressing. Birthday special, each.... oQ LADIES' VELVET CAPES, silk ruchlng artistic treat. Prices P from *4 60 7^o V f
,i, rw.i-.j-.M- ISIKIIIUAY M'hCIAL. <- around collar voice trimmed with rib- 1 down to A It)
§ xTV in datP T Ml% k^ le - S A Ve " l* PeS 'xJ'ir rfeCtlj ' I , <p ore BLEACHED HEMMED SHEETS, torn bon, lined throughout with fancy silk, © Q. 50 I • 4 I
'V Tit-,. to date. , 6 "° kind. Any , colors. When you're ZO- -•. , vi ;i ■ yards lon*. See window. 4CC elegant value. Our price ?...... $)O— - MOMIE LINEN BUREAU SCARFS, a ||
P">'"ggpioiie. \ err special Kach. Birthday special, each "ttO v new lne at right prices. They run OKC
i, M BIRTHDAY SPECIAL.. ";' from 85c to ZiD
!"2 liADIBS' I Ladies' Hob Hoy Plaid Waists, lull cut. Big .- ,- C BLEACHED HEMMED SHEETS, torn LADIES' REKFKRS. All-Wool Covert ill
y «%AIBTS. lsl-.v,.5. Laundered collar and cuffs, a dollar I •>- - 1 2*'-' 1 :: yards long. This is the Cloth, fancy collar," mandoline sleeves TAPESTRIES— We have a full line of mj '
C| : shirt Waist. Tills week special | Kach. largest sheet made. Birthday special, AQC four white pearl buttons -'li fancy co.ors and designs. Will cut, any A ,
It BIRTHDAY sI'ICIAi eM5h • "** silk lined, pleated buck, double- length to suit. Prices from 75c to, Af\C C .
€f NIGHT Ladles' Muslin Gowns. Tucked and embroidery CAC whit-it rammnn RKnsPRPATVS stitched all around, tan only. 23 Inches ©7-00 yard •""—••« uv *Mi
X GOWNS. 1 rim me. I yoke. Neck, front and cuffs milled. The OU— ttJIITF^ ( Rc>< HKT BKDSPRKADS, long, sizes 32 to 3b. , Our price tJJ) I - %9
4$ 75.- kind.' Special prie ....:. ;.;.....„ Kach. sl 9 72 ? 81 inches. Ado tar would be «-^n BOYS' BLOUSE WAISTS, good heavy it
V ..,.■.-,,, .i .^, , '": B * CBl » bargain price, brut this is our birth- /TCC Percale, large sailor collar, ruffled edge /I JTC . A
6 FATS-CY All ItIItTUI>AY SPKCIAIj. and . 25! day. so Brthday special, each I 0 LADIEB . BLACK CUEvroT srlTB< and front Our price .? 40 V
Cy FANCY All wool. 351 nch wide. Fancy checks and Z0- LADIES' BLACK CHEVIOT SUITS. Urprlce U jfc
JC SUITINGS. diagonals. Worth 40c. Special prioe this week... Yard. double-breasted loose front, skirt 5 unvs- Brnnts?!- wi re « ™i »,-> ™. V
X "tT^ktT —^ 7 SIiTTHi»AY M'KCIAL. W : — WASH GOODS caTnVX^W w o 1«« h rSS!. per -$7-~ B °soltln L E pe^l?kVe^ilSr ea c^: X
/%. TAFFETA The 7Sc kind. Black Brocaded Taffeta. 21 OVJ- WnOll VJwvJLIO. uuuie.unjojww. uur price *v. l»r, 2 rows knife pleating down' front. ££C jf
%^ SILK. inches wide. All new good*, Special this week... Yard. Our price x . DO #K.
I -ware A reguh.VV'oT^'.l-V^ri'^v.'oV'Ae .nches jg~ BA t. fi ( E r k ea^vv h ,i^i-l n 11 li^^giii BOYS- "MOTHER'S I-rY^ND" WAISTS, ■ X
O Srlll *°-- wlde " Alll1 '" ! U v <- i »' ••X* ""* BS^fcSSf eft^ts! "our 1 9 1C » •*•'» brnfon* sizes 32 to <m -, fl.oo £K^^^ b w^adta«e? X
X WtftSß I IMI ' , ll{ ' 1 U ' *Y*l-l-:rn 1.. price.yard 1 1* 38, very stylish. Our price $lU_ which makes it impossible to tear the A^O
W\ All-Silk, i;ihck Satin and Gros Uraln Ribbon. buttons off. Our price 40 ATK
Jf No. 60 30c yard I No. 16 15c yard DRAPE BAld AND JAVANAISE. v 'J ■ €»
O EvraoYft lx-°"t» Vsc yard I No. 12 12% c yard BLACK a light sheer ground daintily sprinkled LADIES' SEPARATE SKIRTS, blacK BOYS' "MOTHERS FRIEND" W\l<*TS. it
V RIBBO.s. I No. 30 20c yard No. 9 lucyard KIIiKON. with Persian and Dresden effects. in figured Alpaca. 5 yards wide lined fine laundered laree'^a lot • collar '* %9
€% l°-f. l«%cy«nl|sn. 7 7.,-ya.i all the daintiest thing on our shelves. 1- C . thro^hout'andWnu.Ut/ velvet all ©Q-00 Jleated^k and HTt, li|ht°and dark* QCcX
7/ • SOD ocyard Our price, per yard 1O around bottom. Our price. <JJ)O percales. Our price...... ■ VO %M
sb»3<>oOOOOO^:sl^l«£^3«^«^«^e^«^ *»i> *n m^ -^^ — if> <im«h it> m -^. .**. ,*l. .^
Kearny streets with a sort of stand. In
one corner of this lie fastened a torch that
dared wi'dly and gave a sickly light and
also produced plenty of smoke. On top of
his stand lie had a figure of a jumping
jtick dancing over a grindstone that he kept
in motion by a treaole worked by his foot.
He always brought a carnpstool with
him and seating himself commenced to
sing "Get your razors ground," so ar
ranging the accents and inflections of the
[ words as to make them tit into the tune of
all of the popular songs of the day. Pea
body's makeup was a most peculiar and
incongruous one. No matter what the
weather, he was always dressed as if on a
trip to the North Pole. He bad the ap
pearance of an Esquimau with his head
covered with a pointed fur cap and an
overcoat heavy enough to withstand the
lowest temperature on record. He was
always in a good humor and never failed
to make a witty remark to anybody who
stopped to look at his outfit.
Peabody never did any worK on the
streets. He simply took 'the razors from
his customers and sharpened them at his
shop the next day. They were always
ready the next evening, and Peabody used
to say they were "ju3t as good for lighting
as for shaving." At first he did a good
business, and, it is said, made plenty of
money, but as the prices . for barbers'
! work were gradually reduced he made less
! and less, and toward the last did very
I poorly.
Just what became of the old man is not
known. The last time he was .at his
stand, about ten years ago, he was as
happy as ever. One night he failed to put
in an appearance and has not been seen
there since^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
NEW SOCIETY INAUGURATED.
Sons and Daughters of the Society of
Old I rii-iifl-* lianqueted.
Accompanied by the merry ring of clink
ing wine-glasses, music and laughter, a
new order, known as the Sons and Daugh
ters of the Society of Old Friends, was ush
ered into the fraternal world Friday even
ing In the banquet-room of the Commer
cial Hotel. The new order is an offspring
of the Society of Old Friends, and true to
its name none but the sons and daughters
of the old society are members.
Dr. F. F. Lord, who is president of the
fraternity, is its originator, and although
he has bt en working for its interests but a
short time he has organized a society of
which he feels justly proud. There are
already 100 members, and many others
have signilied thair intentions of joining.
The inaugural banquet was indeed a
success. The long hall, having seating
capacity for 150 persons, was decorated
with bunting and flowers.
The following gentlemen responded to
toasts: Robert Ferral, A. Craijr, Dr. F. F.
Lord, Thomas Sawyer. M. ('. Bridget, R.
H. Tayior, Governor Jarnc= A. Johnson,
Judire George H. Bahr*, fatotTf Niemati,
P. Harter, J. de LmomMj John Deemar,
Colonel James, B. Shnkey, « liarles B. Mitz
ler, Frank McMano*, John l^erake, Dr.
James McDonald and Arthur McGurren.
Dr. Jacob Voorhanger will deliver a lecture
for the benefit of the exempt firemen on Mon
day evening, May 4, at«the Metropolitan Tem
ple, the proceeds of which are to be applied
solely toward keeping the last resting-place
of the old firemen preen and in order. Sub
ject: "Lifting the Veil Frrm Forgotten Centu
ries." Doors open at 7:30 o'clock. Lecture at
8. Tickets 50 cents. *
There were recently shipped from New
Haven, Conn., tifteen typeset'.inj' ma
chines for the St. James Gazette of Lon
don, notwithstanding the fact that there
are numerous typesetting manufactories
in Great Britain."
The manufacture of silken eowns was
brought to perfection in J-ondon in 1688
through the efforts of a colony of French
Protestants who bad fled from "their native
land to a void persecution.
Wild horses have increased to such an
extent in Queensland that the animals are
being shot with a view to reduce the
numbers. Buffaloes are also being slain
for the same reason.
SNAKE TITLE AT STAKE
Peculiar Controversy Between
G. Leipnitz & Co. and a
Rival Drugstore.
Each C aims the Right to the Use of
a Certain Appellation— An In
junction Asked For.
Incidents of more than ordinary interest
have developed from the recent removal
of the drug business of G. Lelpnitz from
236 Sutter street to the corner of Sutterand
Grant avenue, a few doors above.
No sooner was fh<» business opened in
the new quarters than the od sAori bios*
BomeU out with every appearance and pe
culiarity of the rirst establishment repro
duced, and with the title of "The Old
Snake Drugstore" emblazoned on its
windows.
As a result the linn of G. Letpnitz ft Co.
began a suit in the Superior Court, to en
join the newcomers from the use of the
| title mentioned or any similar one, it be
ing claimed that this* name, by right of
lone usage, belonged to the plaintiffs.
Friday affidavits were filed by Wil
liam Kichter, one of the partners in the
drugstore at the old Leipnitz location, and
Dr. F. P. Lord filed affidavits in the case,
nllejdns that the place had never been
officially known as "the Snake Drugstore,"
and that the original proprietor, G. Leip
nitz, now deceased, has always objected to
the appellation when applied to kis place
of business.
This case comes up for hearing before
Judge Sanderson, in Department 7, on
Friday next, and promises to be produc
tive of some very interesting points and
incidents.
Adolph Boyken is the administrator of
the Leipnitz estate, and is also me sole
proprietor of the business bearing the
title of G. Leipnitz & Co. He was for nine
years a partner of Leipnitz, and first
entered his employ about twenty years
ago.
Norwegian Codfish Are Scarce Xow.
Lovers of codliver oil will be sorry to
learn that we are within measurable dis
tance of a partial if not complete failure
of the supplies usually sent from Nor ray,
which has hitherto 'provided us with a
goodly quality of the useful ana healing
extract. Not alone do the codfish refuse
to patronize the baits of the Norweg.an
fishermen as of yore, but those that are
caught are found to be degenerate cod,
whose livers only yield arl inferior quality
of oil which is neither delicate nor nour
ishing. That the Scandinavian supply is
diminishing rapidly is made evident by
the following figures, which represent the
yield for the last three years: In 1893 it
| amounted to 26,813 barrels, in the follow
ing year it dropped to 18,500, and fast year
it declined to 12,680, with every prospect
of smaller harvests in the future. This is
much to be regretted, for the oil is an
ameliorative agent of great efficacy, and
the enhanced price which much inevitably
follow this scarcity cannot fail to be a
source of inconvenience to many people.
Substitutes in plenty will, of course, make
their appearance, but the genuine article
from "Norroway ov/er the faem," though
not without its drawbacks, possesses vir
tues which nothing made in Germany or
elsewhere could supply. — Tall Mall
Gazette.
Carries Hia Coffin With Him.
One of the most conspicuous articles car
ried by Li Hung Chang on his journey to
St. Petersburg is the splendid carlcet in
which he expects to be buried. Where
ever the great Chinaman goes he totes the
casket ulong, and he is saiJ to take more
care of it than of any personal possession.
In his hours of joy it reminds him that
even pleasure has an end; when be is
gloomy or despondent be caa fix
his eyes upon it and speedily
be cheered up. We suppose, such
in his affection /or it, that were he to be
come hard pressed for a place to sleep he
would stretcn out in the casket and dream
that the peacock featliers he lost during
the recent war have been restored to him,
and of rice, yellow jackets, the 'sacred
queue and other things Celestial. What a
nice thing it must be, too, to contemplate
iust before breakfast in tne morning! Li
lung is a statesman of ability and re
nown, but his amusement'! are a little too
gruesome. — Philadelphia Inquirer.
A NOVEL GARDEN
The Practical Use to Which an
Old Skiff Has Been
Put.
The people who live in the arks on the
shores of the lagoon hack of Tiburon are
certainly ingenious. Tneir domiciles, of
course, have no back yards, and as they
must have gardens of some sort they have
to have them on their porches.
Some enterprising housekeepers use
boxe3 of different sizes that they nail to
the sides of the house. These answer well
enough for flowers, but are generally too
small for veeetables, and as a consequence
the family has to pay a big price for those
articles of diet One inventive lady over
there, nowever, has solved the problem
with satisfaction to herself and produced
a most picturesque effect at the same time.
Her scheme was to make use of an old
Old. Skiff Doing Duty as a Vegetable
Garden.
[From a sketch.]
skiff that could hardly be used for any
thing else. It was leaky and rotten, and
it would have been almost suicide to have
ventured on the water in it. But after it
was hauled to the porch on the south side
of the ark, firmly blocked so that it would
not roll over and filled with earth, it made
a capital vegetable garden.
In the stern of the old craft she planted
peas and in the bow lettuce. A bed of green
onions and radishes was laid out amid
ships and all have done well. The more
the contrivance is examined the more
adapted it seems for its purpose, and
some new advantaee can be discovered
each day. The holes that were in the bot
tom of ihe boat have pro-ved to be just the
things for air vents. By' the top of the
boat being raised three feet above the
porch it makes the garden very handy to
attend to. There is no back- breaking
stooping over to pull weeds. This feature
also makes it easy to see insect pests and
end their careers on the spot. In fact the
garden is an ideal one.
In general appearance the garden is of
the quaintest description. It looks a little
bit unnatural to be aure, but for ail that it
is hichrj picturesque, and taken alto
gether it is as pleasing to look at as prac
tical.
Hydro-Klectric Power.
There are many instances from which
reliable data of actual working can be had.
Geneva, with bat an eighth of the popula
tion of London, has a system which gives
her hydraulic power and electric light at a
small proportion of the price in London.
It can be had for a third the London price
at pomtsclose to falls, and is far cheaper
ttian gas. But, alas ! we have not the
Swiss mountains, with their many gorges,
at ourdoors, and if we seek the distant
sources the problems of transmisfaion
come in.
As to capital cost, water-power plant of
modern design and suitable for quite small
falls may be constructed at £19 to £20 per
horsepower: for large installations the
capital cost is but £10 or so. The steam
engine on a similar basis would cost £20 to
£25, and Dowson's gas-engine system about
£17. At moderate efficiency the water
power will involve working expenditure of
about £3 to £i per horsepower per annum,
the steam engine of £8, and the Dowson
gas engine of £6 10s., assuming the
engine to be worked 3000 hours in the year..
In working an electric-light station the
efficiency or the steam eneine is low, for
reasons which need not be discussed here,
so that it is apparent that, given a fall,
power can easily be got for the same capi
tal outlay as for other motors, in some
cases for much less, while the working cost
is only one-half.— Good News.
THE GREAT UNNAMED
They have no place in stoned page,
No rest in marble shrine;
They are past and gone with a perished age —
They died, and "made no sipn."
Bui work that shall rind its wages yet,
And di-eds that their God did not forget,
Done for the love divine—
These were the mourners, and these shall be
The crowns of their iir mortality.
Oh ! seek them liot where sleep the dead,
Ye shall noi find their truce;
No graven stone Is at their head,
No jireen grusa hides th.-ir tace;
But sad and unseen in their silent grave-
It may be the sand or the deep-sea wave,
Or a lonely desert place;
For they need no prayers, and no mourning bell—
They were tombed in true hearts that knew them
wall.
They healed sick hearts till theirs were broken,
And dried sad eyes till theirs lost light;
We shall know at last by a certain token
How they fought, and fell in the tight. .
Salt tears of sorrow unbeheJd,
Passionate cries unchronioled,
And silent strifes for the right-
Angels shall count them, and earth shall sleh
That she left her best children to battle ana die.
Mb Kdwin Arnold.
JUSTICE HAWKINS' DOG.
He Had a Fox Terrier to Which He
Was Greatly Attached.
Not long ago Justice Hawkins had a fox
terrier named Jock. Once at Warwick
Jack and his master were caught ratting
on the banks of the Avon. His Lordship,
nowise disconcerted, tendered a sovereign
to cover the trespass, which the farmer,
affronted by such a cool proceeding, re
fused with indignation.
"You had better take it," said the Judge,
"it's a reasonable offer." Then the farmer
got so angry that Sir Henry announced
himself. "And what is more, sir," said
he, "you shall go with me to the Warwick
Arms and crack a bottle of champagne
with that sovereign immediately " The
story goes that there was !ree ratting for
Jack on that bit of land as long ss he lived
.. f here are other stories about Jack, and
it is said that when sitting on the bench
with his master he once ventured to ex
press his opinion on the matters before
him in a singularly loud tone. The tale
goes that Sir Henry, with the greatest
promptitude, directed the ushers to "turn
that dog out of the gallery." The ushers,
of course did not find a dog in the gallery
and nobody ventured to look under the
bench.
-*?o »8O» 8O I eran occa s i °ns Jack was always
attached to the Judge's wrist by a long
blue ribbon, and many a junior has be
fu Uec L tne tedium of a case by watching
the ribbon gradually unroli as Jack par
sued his investigations, while Sir Henry
ever ,y,, n °w and then "hauled in the
alack. '—Pearson's Weekly.
The biggest edible oysters in the world
are found at Port Lincoln, in South Au
stralia. They measure sometimes more
than a foot across the sasll, and are said
to be of the finest flavor.
MAYOR SUTRO IS SUED
Result of an Accident at the
Baths Due to a Misleading
Sign.
Frank Bowers Male a Dive and Found
the Bottom Quicker Than
He Expected.
The first suit against the Sutro batha
for injuries sustained by a bather was filed
in the Justices' Court Friday by At
torney James P. Sweeny for Frank Bowers
The complaint alleges that Bowers is au
"experienced swimmer, diver and all
around nquatic expert," and that by the
carelessness and neglieence of Adoiph
Sutro, the owner of the baths, he was seri
ously injurea by coming into contact with
the bottom of the swimming tanK while
engaged in natatorial pursuits.
Bowers' story is that on April 3 last he
went to the Sutro baths, and after paying
for a suit went to the tank for a swim.
Being an expert diver he mounted one of
the platforms where a sign indicated the
water was six feet deep, and he plunged
off. He came into violent contact with,
the bottom of the tank, and was so seri
ously bruised about his head and
shouldc-s that he v,as compelled to seek
the services of a physician.
He states that immediately after leaving
the water he measured the depth of the
same at the point where he plunged off,
and found that instead of six feet the
water was only four and a half feet deep,
and that his injuries were due to the neg
ligence of the management in not having
the proper depth stated on the sign
boards.
He asks for $299 damages and costs of
suit.
Date vineear, which is now being put on
the British market, is regarded as some
thing quite novel, and superior to malt
vinegar. It is notea that the Arabs and
Asiatics have prepared vinegar from dates
for ages past. :■->
•—»• — » •
_ In 1872 the Japanese consumed four
times as much of brown sugar as of white;
now they use far more of white than of
brown sugar. Japan will not continue long
dependent on other countries for her sup
ply of so necessary a staple.
Chink Dollars wa's the name given by a
prisoner in the Paducah (Ky.) Police Court
a few days ago, and, so far as could by
learned, it was the man's actual and onle
name. '■-.*'.•..•• :
OTSW TO-DAT.
Tailor=made
SUITS
SPECIAL VALUES 1
in Navy Blue and
Black Jackets, Box
Front, lined with _ _ _
Serge, at— V 1 0,5 0
No other house in S. P. W I fc
can give you such value,
tit and style, as we are
offering at $12.
Tan Jackets
ARMAND CAILLEAU
46-48 Geary Street,
Corner Grant Avenue.