OLU3IE LXXIX.-NO. 124.
TREACHERY ON
THE BERMUDA
The Filibustering Steamer
Seized at Puerto . . ■■
Cortez.
BETRAYED #TO WEYLER.
■ <
Spanish Gunboats Prevent the
Landing of the Munitions
of War.
-—-■"  / .
THE CARGO IS CONDEMNED.
■ . ■ ' .' . . . i
— — — .— ■ i - . •
Honduras Authorities Hold the Ves
sel for Spain — Garcia Believed
to Have Reached Crsa. -
PHILADL J J£HIA, Pa., April 1.-A pri
vate cablegram re<a»yed here to-day states
that the filibustering \*eamer Bermuda
has been seized at Puerto Cortez by the
Honduras Government win all the muni
tions of war aboard with •hich she sailed
from New York for Cubt The vessel is
being closely guarded, awaiting the arrival
of Spanish agents, who bave been sent to
Honduras with evidence to have the
steamer and her cargo condemned.as con
traband of war. Baffiel
Captain O'Brien and the crew of the
vessel are known to b«. aboard, but the i
whereabouts of General Calixto Garcia
and the 170 men who went out on the
steamer i? in doubt. It is said that there
has been treachery somewhere, and the
exact destination of . the vessel off
the Cuban coast wa« known to the
Spanish officials in this country, and
Captain-General Weyler was fully in
formed of the place where an attempt
would be made to land the cargo of the
vessel. At any rate the:, attempt to land
was a failure. ./ j£|^R ftfflß
The attempt was made at night, near
Cape C< rrenies. The Bermuda was show
ing no lights. Suddenly several Spanish
gunboats were sighted, bearing down upon
the Bermuda. They also. had concealed
their h>ht< and were dose at hand when
seen: The Bermuda male all steam and
. escaped. . ' • .
Garcia and his men may have landed at
this time before any attempt was made to
land war material, and again they may be j
etill board the vessel.
-•Tfaij Cubans in city say that Maximo
Gomez, *.he Cuban cpmmander-in-chiei, is !
• now on his way t-:- Philadelphia to receive j
medical treatment. Thismay be true, but
from report's here the contention of the
Spanish that Gomez is -id is not improb
able. The < wound in Gomez's leg has
. Defer healed and has become an ulcerated ;
running sore. The wound in his arm has
al.-o given him much trouble and he has
been practically unfit to remain in the
Held for fully three months past,' and it is
sad that for the past four months he has
•te.inquished the command of the Cuban
a: -.v. '. • .
j. WASHINGTON, D. C, April I.— The
Spanish Minister is in receipt of a mes
sage announcing the seizure at San -Jose,
Costa Rica, by the Honduras authorities ■
of the steamer Bermuda with all her con
'• tra- land of war.
NEW YORK, N. : V., April 1.-Editor
E. Trujillo of El Pbrvifo, who is
one of the most active leaders here
Of the Cubans, this evening denounced
as false the report that • the steamer
Bermuda, which carried" a -filibustering
expedition under General Garcia from this
port, had been seized with its cargo of
arms and ammunition at Puerto Cortez,
Honduras. In an interview with a repre
sentative of the United Press he said :
"The fact that the Bermuda was at
Puerto Cortez is not news. We have
known it several days. She landed her
men and cargo in Cuba safely. She then
proceeded to Puerto Cortez and took a
:>argo of bananas. She is. now on her way
home. She will stop a: Philadelphia and
discharge her cargo and then she will
• come to Nsw York."
ItTGART IS ItOOMED.
'Spaniard* Poness Evidence That- Be
Warn About to Heroine a liebtl.
HAVANA, Cuba, April 1 (via Key
"Weft, Fla., April I.)— Government is
extremely reticent about .the whereabouts
of Maceo. Reports from other source? in
dicate that he ha? entered Havana
province, crossing the new trocha along i
the Pinar del Rio line between Marie and j
Majana. The authorities declared the line
impregnable. Earthworks have been
bnilt, extending almost continuously |
across the isiand.- Weyler is absolutely :
certain that .Maceo is . penned up in the
west. The Spaniards are confident that he
is doomed at last. . '" •.
. Thirty thousand troops stationed
along the trocha. Aroleus i3:in command.
The columns of Linares., Inclan and a half
dozen; others have been pursuing Maceo
since tbejlandinp of Calixt>> (iarc.i, but no
serious engagement has been fought.
The Government urged the • corres
pondents 5 yesterday to circulate the rumor
of Gomez' death, which no one here be
lieved.
The Latest exploit oi t be = rebel com
m3nder-in-chief was to enter the capital
of Santa Clara province. His forces
swarmed into the city, filling the plaza.
Mounted guards. .patrolled the streets from
midnight till morning and secured shoes,
clothing and considerable ammunition.
General Bazan, surprised with a few troops
in the cit\ , rushed about dressed in under
clothing only. He select*- 1 the roof of
the theater as a safe place from which to
direct operations. The insurgents de
parted at dawn, with a loss of two men.
General Paudo has been ordered .back to
Spain for permitting Gomez to enter Santa
Clara province without a battle. '.
' V\ niter Dyjiart, the American prisoner
, about whom the Senate information
and atcul whom the State |Depaiiment
wired peremptorily to Corral - General
: Williams, is now doomed. While his
'present whereabouts is '; still ta T m'yetery,
Consul- General; Williams received a
The San Francisco Call.
, —
letter written by Dygart while in :
Guinea jail. The letter con
tained remarks which were con
strued into an admission of
an intention to join the insurgents. Wil- .
liams furnished a copy of the letter to the
only American correspondent here having
close relations with Weyler. Before the
letter reached tiie palace the officials said
Djgart would probably be released, owing
to lack of evidence. They now declare the
chain of evidence is compete. Dygart will
be treated as a prisoner of war. The Gov
ernment claims a gun was found ten feet
away when Dycart was arrested. He de
nies this.
Three prisoners of war were sho in the
Cabanas prison last weeH. One had his
arm in a sling, as tne result of a wound,
when captured. Nine political prisoners
were deported during last month. What
becomes of all the prisoners of war and
suspects arrested it is impossible to learn.
The recent affair at Bainoa. which Gen
eral Melonizo reports as a brilliant victory,
resulting in the insurgents losing eignteen
men, is now said to have been similar to
the Delgado affair, in which Melquizo also
figured. The only one of the eighteen who
fought was a negro, who, though shot in
the head, seized a machete, nearly killed
the Spanish captain and wounded three
others before oeing finished.
J. Frank Clark.
COlO.V£i JAREZ DJE.S.
Wound Received While Escaping From \
a Prison Prom Fatal. •
ST. LOUIS, Mo., April ' I.— Colonel i
Placca Jarez.who was a few months as:o i
in command of a Cuban regiment, died at j
the city hospital here last night from !
blood-poisoning brought about by a bullet
wound received is escaping from a Spanish
prison.
Jarez was a sugar planter in the province
of Pinar del Rio,*and with his son en- ;
listed in the Cuban army at the first out- ;
break of the war. The father was given
command of a regiment, and the son, j
Gonzales, was placed over a company in ;
Maceo's command, where he still remain?, j
On November 21 Colonel Jarez and seven
of his men were captured by the Spanish \
and sent to jail at Pinar del Rio. On Feb
ruary 26 the prisoners attacked the guards j
and escaped. .
Colonel Jarez, badly wounded in the
right leg, made his way to the south coast
and embarked in a small boat. He was
picked up in an exhausted condition by
the American schooner Annie M, bound
from Aspinwall for New Orleans, and
eventually made his way to this city. He
was sent to a city hospital on Thursday
last, blood poisoning having resulted from
lack of proper tereatment of his wound.
Colonel Jarez' last words to those at
his bedside were, "Send word to my son
to fight till the end for the cause."
The deceased was 61 years old and was
born in Mexico. Twenty years ago he
lived in Arizona and did valuable service
in aiding the Government troops to fight
the Apaches.
EQVIPPIXG J.V EXPEDITION.
Amis and Ammunition Dispatched from
Key ITeat.
: KEY "WEST," Pla., April I.— The largest ;
expedition that has ever been equipped for
the insurgents is now being silently ar
ranged in this vicinity. Angel Figuerdo,
general manager for the insurgents, sta
tioned at this port, has made several
trips up the coast during the past few
! weeks and returned this morning from Bis
cayne Bay.
Large quantities of arms and munitions
of war have been smuggled out of the city
on the schooners Deliie and Pearl. Last
night the schooner Martha, owned by J.
E. Horr, ex-collector of customs, left for
Biscayne with a full cargo of arms and
ammunition, which are intended to be
transferred to some steamer.
Gomez It One* More Killed.
MADRID. Spain. April I.— A dispatch to
the Imparcial from Havana says that Cap
tain-General Weyler has been privately in
formed that the rebel leader, Maximo
Gomez is dead, and has Deen buried on a
plantation in the province of Matanzas.
FRANCE GAINS SUPPORT.
One Member of the Dreibund
Said to Oppose England
in Egypt.
Three Warships Are Lying at Tou
lon in Constant Readiness
to Sail. .
PAKI?, Fraxce, April I.— The Matin
Hja it is stated in ministerial circles that
one of the powers composing the Dreibund
has modified its original attitude upon
the Egyptian question, a. erring ihat if.
out of friendship for Italy, it felt com
pelled to authorize, the use of the
Egyptian reserve fund toward the
paying of the expenses of
the Dongola expedition this does not im
ply any intention on its :>art to assist in
the completion of Great Britain's domina
tion in Egypt; but on the. contrary it
would concur with France in reminding
Great Britain oi her repeated promises in
regard to Egypt. The exchange of
views which has taken pla^e upon this
subject between France ar.d the power
mentionea has hitherto been v^rbal, but,
it is stated, a di-natch of the foregoing
tenor is expected in time for Premier Bour
geois to use it in the Chamber of Deputies
to-morrow. »
Three warships are lying at Toulon in
constant readiness to sail.
LONDON, E-vg.. April I.— Advices from
Assouan say that the trai.sportation of
the Nile expedition is proceeding
smoothly. A rich local rrerchant, the
advices state, has been condemned to ten
! years' imprisonment and tc pay a line of
j £1000 for having furnished Dowder to the
i Dervishe?. Osman Di^na has turned from
j his line of march to the southward toward
Sinkat.
MO SEPARATE SCHOOLS.
lietult of the Conference Held at Winni
peg, Manitoba.
WINNIPEG, Manitoba, April I.— The
schools conference is over aud Manitoba
has refused tore-establisu separate schools.
The Attorne}-General made this announce
ment to-night, but said tne transactions of
the conference would not be made public
until the arrival of the Dominion Com
missioners at Ottawa. He s; id that Mani
toba had been made an orer for settle
ment, the text of which might be given to
the press to-morrow.
SAN FRANCISCO, THURSDAY MORNING, APRIL 2, 1896.
THOSE HEAVENLY TWINS.
TRAIN HELD UP
AND DYNAMITED
Three Masked Men Loot an
Express Car in
Missouri.
HOW THE JOB WAS DONE.
They Brutally Clubbed the Mes
senger and Then Blew
Open the Safe.
GOT AWAY WITH ABOUT $30,000
Terrified the Passengers for an Hour
and Finally Ran Off With
the Engine.
ST. LOL IS, Mo., April I.— The St. Louis
and San Francisco fast express from the
West was held up at 3 o'clock thig morning
near Richland by three masted men. Just
as the train was approaching Richland the
engineer saw a bright red light on the
tracK. He reversed the engine and stopped
the train.
As the train slowed up a man sprang
into the cab with a Winchester rifle in his
hand and ordered the engineer and fire
man to hold up their hands, an order that
was promptly obeyed.
The robber then made the eneineer
mount the platform of the express-car and
tell the messenger to open the door.
Two more robbers, both masked, had
made their appearance beside the track as
soon as the train stopped. When the mes
senger refused to open the door of the ex
press car they beean to fire through it and
to threaten to blow up the car with dyna
mite. Then the messenger weakened and
opened the door.
The rohbers entered the car, but found
the safa locked. The messenger -was or
dered to open it, but said he could not. as
he did not know the combination. The
robbers evidently did not believe him, for
they tried to force him to do so, striking
him over the head with the butt end of a
gun and seriously injuring him.
Finally they went to work on the safe
themselves and succeeded in blowing it
open with dynamite. It took them nearly
an hour to do this, and all the time some
one of them kept firing their guns to
frighten the passengers.
When the safe was opened at last they
stcured its contents, mounted the engine,
which they cut loose from the train, and
started down the track in it. About one
eighth of a mile east of the train they left
the engine, mounted horses tied near by
and galloped off into the darfcness.
The amount they secured is variously
stated at anywhere between $10,000 and"
$100,000. A conservative estimate is
$30,000. In their flight they dropped a
bag containing $1700.
As soon as tne news could be sent of the
robbery a posse started out from Lebanon
in pursuit of the thieves. As the train
men were able to give a good description
of them, it is probable that they will be
caught.
A. POSSE IX PURSUIT.
Some of the Plunaer Picked Up — Descrip
tion of the Mem.
LEBANON, Mo., April I.— An hour
after tne robbery was reported here a
posse made up of 100 citizens started in
pursuit of the robbers. About 11 o'clock
| a member of the posse returned. He says
i they found in the 5 woods west of wnera
the robbery took place two checks, one for
$4400 and one for $15, and also an envelope
containing ass bill. Hence it is supposed
that the cutting loose of the engine was
merely a -blind and- that the robbers
jumped off within a few hundred yards of
the train and took : horses and came wen
across the country. At least this is the
, theory the officers are proceeding on. : ;
Wells, Fargo & Co. have issued a circu
' ar offering $300 reward for the arrest of
the bandits. -; ■ ; ,■ : :; ;■:-■
Thf- description T»iHhe rocbire^cbiair^d
fr<MH the passengers, is as follows: ' : '
.First— Large; well . built; f sandy 1 mus
tache; black overcoat and black slouch
hat, and r belt with pistols. ' ' --V
' Second— man; smooth face; dark
hair; black overcoat and slouch hat.
Third — Medium height; daik complex
; ioned; heavy few weeks' growth of beard;
; dark I and - stubby mustache j oroad band
black slouch hat; no overcoat, and brown
sack cutaway coat. - ; -V. -' >
TRAIS ROBBEKS FOILED.
Three Captured, On*. Mortally Wounded,
and lu-o Escape. *r\ *■':.:.'
BREMEN, Ind., April L— Five men at
tempt to hold up the westbound Baltimore
and Ohio limited express at 4:30 o'clock
this morning. The gang of * robbers
boarded the train. at Garrett, and when
this side of this city a few miles, robbed a
passenger, Theodore Beilstein of Chicago,
of his gold watch and money, and then
threw him from the train. It was the
gang's intention to hold up the train some
where between Walkerton, and Bremen,
as a large marsh west of Bremen affords
them a good opportunity. Bellstein re
covered sufficiently to walk to Garrett and
notify the officials, who wired the . opera
tor here and the night police, with several
: men.went to .the depot armed, and when
the train arrived a desperate battle took
place. Three of the robbers were arrested
and placed in : , the Bremen, jail. One of
them is mortally .wounded. . A posse of
men is now searching; the country for the
two highwaymen who escaped.
OPPOSED BY MRS. M'KEE
General Harrison's Daughter
Will Not Be Present at
His Wedding.
Does Not Wish to See Mrs. Dimmick
Take the Place of Her
Mother.
CINCINNATI, Ohio, April I.— A special
to the Tribune from Indianapolis says: It
has been definitely decided that Mrs. Mc-
Kee will not attend the -wedding of ex-
President Harrison and Mrs. Dimmick in !
New York on Monday next. Friends
volunteer the information that she had ;
been exposed to the measles since she came
to this city, and the physicians advised
against her going to New York.
While this is offered as an excuse for her ■
absence, her friends no longer attempt to
conceal the fact that sne is very much dis- j
appointed in her father's marriage. It is j
not that she is opposed to Mrs. Dimmick,
but because she doeß not want any one to
take the place of her mother in the home. !
She will leave here next Tuesday for Bos
ton, and will not come in contact with her j
stepmother at all.
A lady friend of Mrs. McKee said to
night that she would not return here to
visit unless she were called home by such j
an exigency as the sickness of her father, i
While h«r relations are pleasant with him, >
she could not reconcile herself to his mar- )
riage.
Not over twenty-five invitations to the i
wedding have been issued. These went to \
relatives of the ex-President and Mrs. Dim- !
mick and to former members of ex-Presi- !
dent Harrison's Cabinet. After the wed- j
ding General Harrison and his bride will <
leave for Indianapolis. They will return
East in a short time and pass the summer
in the Adirondacks. j
NEITHER TO GET
A DEEP HARBOR
Santa Monica and San
Pedro Appropriations
Defeated.
LOST TO CALIFORNIA.
Huntington's Scheme Fails, but
He Thwarts the People
as Well.
M'LACHLAN'S FRENZIED RAGE.
Scores His Colleagues for Opposing
the Southern Pacific — Frye
Shows His Hand.
WASHINGTON, D. C, April I.— "There
is the devil to pay in the California delega
tion." This was the expressive though
inelegant declaration made by a California
Congressman to a Call correspondent to
day.
"What is the matter?"
"Follow me," said ne, leading the way
to the Rivers and fiarbors Committee
■ room. A watchman was stationed on the
I outside, but within loud voices were heard.
They were considering the San Pedro and I
i Santa Monica harbor appropriations, and j
| were having a veritable "monkey and par
rot time." The matter was iinally settled
by striking out the appropriations for botn
places. Thus Southern California lost
$400,000.
To those who are nnfamiliar with tne
Southern California deep-harbor project,
I it may be well to explain that the Southern
I Pacific tracks in Southern California
I terminate at Santa Monica, where the
railroad has built wharves at a cost of
$1,500,000. Therefore, C. P. Huntington,
through a corps of lobbyists in Washing
ton, is striving to secure from Congress an
appropriation of $3,000,000 to deepen and
otherwise improve the harbor. Senator
Jones of Nevada, who is financially inter
'; ested in the development of Santa Monica.
: is working hand in hand with him toward
' this accomplishment. They have enlisted
the active support of Senator Frye of
\ Maine, president pro tempore of the
Senate, chairman of the Commerce Com
| mittee (which has charge of river and
1 harbor mattsrs), and altogether a power
in the upper branch of Congress.
Two different boards of War Department
engineers have reported that, as between
the two rival sites. San Pedro, twenty
i miles southwest of Los Angeles, is much
i better adapted for a deep harbor than is
Santa Monica, which is eighteen miles
: west of that city and twelve miles distant
i from -San Pedro. Their recommendations
were, in effect, that natural conditions
were against the selection of Santa Monica,
and at the same time made San Pedro
peculiarly adapted for a deep harbor.
Huntington endeavored to counteract the
I effect of these official reports by having
j Southern Pacific Engineers Hood and
I Corthell submit expert testimony directly
I to the contrary.
For the past five or six years Hunting
| ton has tried to induce Congress to make
ian appropriation for improvements at
Santa Monica which by the "continuous
contract" system would ultimately ap-
S proximate $3,000,000. But inasmuch as
! the California Senators and Representa
tives, supported by the almost unanimous
expressions of Southern California peo
| pie, persistently opposed Santa Monica
and stronely favored San Pedro, no appro
priation has been made by Congress for
either place. These were the "outer"'
harbor projects, but the plan for improve
ment of the "inner" harbor at San Pedro,
to cost $392,000, as recommended by the
board of Government Engineers, was not a
subject of controversy, ana it was under
stood that this improvement was desired
by all Southern California people and all
the railroads terminating at LO3 Aneeles.
Senator White, who addressed the Rivers
and Harbors Committee several weeks ago.
with Colonel H. G. Otis and others, who
were here to urge the improvement, made
this statement, and Huntington, who was
present, did not contradict it.
It was generally understood that the
! SoutherD Pacific would not oppose "inner
j harbor" improvements at San Pedro;
I neither would it urge its Santa Monica
project. Representative McLachlan of
Los Angeles, by his energy and influence
with the memoers of the Rivers and Har
bors Committee, succeeded in securing
from them a promise to insert an appro
priation of $3!»2,000 for improvements on
the inner harbor at San Pedro. This was
done and McLachlan was greatly elated
and received the congratulations of his
friends and colleagues: but, to his amaze
ment and the astonishment of the entire
California delegation, it was discovered
that Huntington and his asents had been
at work, and the Committee on Rivers and
Harbors had appropriated $100,000 to com
mence a deep-harbor project at Santa
Monica, which would have ultimately cost
$3,000,000.
Huntington's work had bsen done so
quietly that no one nad any idea of what
Ihe wan about. His agent. John Boyd, had
approached the members of the committee
and reported to them that tbe California
delegation as well as almost the unani
mous sentiment of Southern California
people favored this Santa Monica improve
ment. The combine friendly to Hunt
ington was not hard to influence and the
item was inserted.
McLachlan was afraid to antagonize it,
for fear that it might defeat his appro
priation for the "inner" harbor im
provements at San Pedro. He endeav
ored to induce his colleagues from Cali
fornia not to antagonize the Santa
Monica appropriation; but Bowers, Ma
guire and Barham did not heed his wishes.
The former went before the committee
and protested strongly against any money
beinsr appropriated for Huntington's har
bor, declaring that the boards of engineers i
had reported adversely to it, and Southern
California people were almost unanimously
oppo:<ed to it, and were in favor of San
Pedro. Judge Maguire and Representa
tive Barham also talked with individual
members of the committee.
Representative McLachlan was in a
frenzy of rage to-day, and was very bitter
in his denunciation of Bower 3 and Bar
bara. He declared that Barham had no
business to interfere with Southern Cali- i
forma affairs. He indulged in some very j
intemperate language when he referred to j
the "work of Barham. The latter said to !
The Call correspondent to-day :
"Last May I visited both San Pedro and j
Sanva Monica for the express purpose of
informing myself as to the relative merits
of these rival sites, and from personal ob- :
servation concluded that there was no j
comparison between them ; that San i
Pedro was, by all odds, the best place for ;
the deep harbor. I attended a meeting at
L(M Angeles at wnich Senator White and i
Representative McLachlan were present; i
and when, in answering to the toast 'Cali- !
fornia.' I mentioned that I would favor ;
San Pedro for a harbor, there was enthu- j
siastic applause from nearly 2000 citizens,
who were at that meeting. This convinced ;
me that the sentiment was for San Pedro.
"Several days ago members of the
Rivers and Harbors Committee said to me
that Huntington's agents had approaches
them and represented that the California
delegation and California people generally
favored Santa Monica. I told them the
truth as I understood it and have no
reason to regret it. But I did not appear
before the committee, for I have 400 miles
of coastline in my own districts, besides
several rivers, to look after, and did not
seek to interfere with Southern California
affairs. Mr. McLachlan seems to hold me
partly responsible for to-day's result, and j
although he admits that I correctly stated
the attitude of our California people he
blames me in part for defeating San
Pedro's appropriation."
Senator White said to The Call corre
spondent to-night: '"I was very much sur
prised to learn that San Pedro's appropri
ation had been stricken out, merely be
cause an objection was made to the Santa
Monica appropriation. The Government
engineers, California's Representatives
and botu Senators favoring San Pedro and
opposing Santa Monica would seem to j
leave an impartial committee but oiie
course to pursue.' '
Another member of the California dele
gation said : "The River and Harbor Com
mittee seems to be completely subservient
to Huntington's wishes. The fact that
ne or two members of the California
delegation (or tne entire delegation,
for ' that matter) remonstrated against
any appropriation being made for
Santa Monica was no reason for striking
out the provision for the inner harbor
project at San Pedro. They were separate
and distinct propositions and were in no
way related. It merely shows that Hunt
ington is a power, and dominates more
than one committee of Congress. I had
believed until to-day that the Southern
Pacific was not opposed to the San Pedro
inner harbor project, but now am of the
opinion that Huntington had his $3,000,000
Santa Monica item inserted merely to kill
the San Pedro appropriation. It is possi
ble tnat Huntington will attempt to have
his Santa Monica item incorporated when
the bill reaches the Senate. Frye, the
chairman, is Lis friend, and can do about
as be pleases, but in conference committee
it will be expunged again."
The Call correspondent learns to-night
that tne river and harbor bill wiir appro
priate the $250,000 for restraining works at
Daguerre Point on Yuba River. It may
also include $50,000 for dredging San
Pedro. The ieport printed in California
to the effect that the Oakland harbor
would be placed under the continuous
contract system is erroneous.
LOS i A X G £LE&' ', S TA. XX>.
Keaffirms the Poiitlon Heretofore Taken
in San Pedro' t Favor.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., April I.— The
directors of the Chamber of Commerce
this afternoon indulged in a heated discus
sion of ttie harbor question, the result of
which was the adoption of a resolution re
affirming the position heretofore taken by
Continued on Second Page,
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
PERISHED IN A
CARSON BLAZE.
Horrible Death of John P.
Sweeney, the Noted
Turfman.
PENNED IN BY FLAMES.
Escape Cut Off After He Had
Thrown His Valuables From
a Window.
FIREMEN ARRIVE TOO LATE.
The First Alarm Regarded as a First*
of-April Joke— Rumors of Foul
Play Discredited.
CARSON, Nev.. April I.— The people of
Carson were horrified this morning to
learn that during the night John P.
Sweeney's house had been destroyed by
fire and that the occupant had been
roasted to death. About 10 o'clock last
ni^ht a fire was noticed in the direction of
Sweeney's ranch, but little attention was
paid to it. as it was supposed to be sage
brush, ourning. It was nearly midnight
before the fire bell? sounded an alarm, and
even that excited but little interest, as it
was regarded by many as an "April-fool"
joke. The persons who Brat sounded the
alarm were told that they had been duped
and tapped the signal to return. Shortly
afterward word was received that Swee
ney's residence was burning, and the fire
companies hurried to the ranch, two miles
from town, and found the house nearly de
stroyed.
The firemen knew that Sweeney had
been taken home early in the evening and
must be in the burning building, but the
flames bad made such progress that it
was too late to rescue the uniortunate
man. Soon after the engine arrived tha
wall of the southeast corner of the house
burned away and exposed the room In
which Sweeney had perished. As the
smoke was blown back by the breeze his
'body, wrapDed in the flames, could be
■ plainly seen. The beat was so intense
' that an approach nearer than fifty feet
I was impossible, and the firemen were ob
liged to stand idly by as the body was
I slowly consumed, and finally, as the floor
! gave way beneath, they saw the charred
1 corpse roll into the cellar.
Some hours afterward the remains were
recovered. Nothing was left but the trunk.
j The rest of the body was burned to a crisp
I and the bones fell apart as they were
, moved. The charred remains were brought
| to town and an inouest was held, a verdic
; of accidental death being rendered.
Sweeney had a racetrack on his prop
' erty and a long line of training stables for
I fast horses. As the house could not be
i saved, the firemen turned their attention
!to the stables. Alphus, the famou' •.-ot
' ting stallion, was liberated, but he be
came so crazed that it required hard work
to keep him from running into the fire.
Hundreds of chickens, which were liber
ated from their houses, flew into the flames
and were burned.
Sweeney was drinking heavily yesterday
and about 6 o'clock some of his friends
took him home and put him to bed. It is
supposed that later in the evening he
lighted a lamp and this being overturned
started the fire. The evidence at the in
quest proved that he was aT>le to get about
the house when the fire broke out, and
j that he attempted to save his valuables.
He had tnrown some of his wife's jewelry
out of a window and a Paris mutual pool
box was clutched in his arms. He went
to bed in the northwest corner of the
house, but died in the southeast room.
Sweeney's wife was in San Francisco,
and a telegram containing the awful news
was sent to ber at once.
John P. Sweeney was a native of Ireland,
and came to this State from Detroit, Mich.
He lias lived in Carson nearly twenty
years. He was a public-spirited man. and
: hi* purse was always ready in any enter
; prise that helped, the town. He erected
the Ozark saloon building and also the
brick building occupied by Cagwin &
Noteware. He brought the horse Gibral
tar to this State to improve the breed of
trotting horses at a time when Gibraltar
held the world's trotting record — 2:22''i.
He then purchased the place known as
the Swift ranch— the scene of the fire— and
began breeding fast horses and thorough
bred riolstein cattle. Senator Leland
Stanford offered Sweeney $7000 for Gibral
tar, which was refused. He raised some
fine horses, but met with bad luck on the
turf, and tha slump in the bor«e market
was very disastrous. He was once worth
?25,000 or $30,000, but he met with many
j reverses, and finally began drinking
heavily.
Rumors were afloat this evening to the
I effect that he bad been followed home,
j killed, robbed and his dwelling fired. This
idea is credited by no one who knew any
thing regarding the circumstances sur
■ rounding the case. The Coroner's jury,
I however, did not finish its labors and will
| further investigate to-morrow.
CARSOS'S POSTMJSTjER OUSTED.
Government Agents Are Investigating «
Reported Shortage.
CARSON, N'ey.. April I.— A shortage ig
reported in the Car?on Postofiice. To-day
Inspector Thrall removed Postmaster Bell
and called a meeting of his bondsmen.
They are John Rosser, L. H. BeJl, Jacob
Klein and Edward Burlington. Edmund
James was placed in the office until a new
appointment can be made. Expert Mc-
Laughlin was sent for to chanpe the com
bination of the safe. The amount of the
shortage cannot be learned. Bell, th«
Postmaster, has been drinking heavily for
over a year, and is now in a Keeley insti
tute in'this city.
James, in an interview this evening,
stated that Bell's accounts had been in
every way settled, un-1 the inspector was
perfectly satisfied, but owing to Bell's
mental condition and to avoid further
trouble he was removed. There would be
no further action taken in the matter.2
TEN LIVES LOST
WHILE SLEEPING
Frightful Holocaust in a
Brooklyn Tenement
House.
ONLY SEVEN ESCAPED.
Every Member of Two Italian
Families Perishes in the
Flames.
EVIDENCE CF INCENDIARISM.
The Fire Burned So Fiercely That It
Was Difficult to Save Adjoining
Buildings.
BROOKLYN, N. V., April I.— The four
story brick tenement house at 36 Union
street was burned at 3:30 o'clock this
morning, and ten persons lost their lives.
There were seventeen persons in tbe house
at the time of the tire, seven of whom es
caped.
The following are the names of the
dead: Nicollo Traglia, 50 years of age;
Lina Traglia, 44 years of age; Domino
Traglia, 4 years old; Traglia, 17 days
old; Carnelia Caino, 25 years old; Au«
gustin Buone, 44 years old ; Maria Buone,
35 years old; Sandy Buone, 5 years old;
Johanna Buone. IS months old; Lina
Calabria, 18 years old.
The grouud floor was occupied as a fruit
store by Joseph Esposito, who with his
family lived on the second floor. T c
third floor was occupied by the Traglia
family and the fourth floor by the Buones.
John Calabria, who married Lina Buone
less than a year ago, also lived with the
Buones.
The fire was discovered by a man named
Hoist, who gave the alarm and tried to
arouse the tenants. He kicked in the
street door, but the flames burst out into
bis face, and he had to abandon further
efforts. The hallways and stairs were
then a seething mass of flames. So rapid
ly did the fire spread from a place imme
diately behind the street door, where it
undoubtedly originated, that Hoist saw
there was dancer to the inhabitants of the
adjoining houses, and with the aid of the
police got the tenants into the streets.
In the mean time the occupants of the
burning building were awake and trying
to make theirescape. The Esposito family
made their way to the front windows and
by means of the cornice over tbe front
crossed to tbe building at No. 38 and thence
to the street. The Traglias and the
woman who lived with them on the third
floor apparently did not awaken, and were
burned to death wlthont making any sign
to the watchers in the street.
John Calabria, who married the eldest
daughter of the Buone family, is the only
one of the family alive to tell the tale. He
said he tried to carry bis wife to the win
dow, but could not, and hurt his hands in
K <* l l i : i ir out. He had called for help, but
none came.
The Espositos were aroused by the calls
of "Fire!" and said this morning that five
minutes later they could not have got out
of the building.
The firemen drowned the fire out in a
short time and without damage to the ad
joining buildings.
The bodies were removed by an under
taker at 10 o'clock this morning. They
•were badly burned, but not beyond recog
nition.
Tne loss is about $4000 to the building
and its contents. The fire marshal will
make an investigation.
Later in the day Fire Chief Dale said
that John Calabria, whose wife lost her
Jife in the lire, was fully dressed when
seen on the street, and no other occupant
had time to dress. He told two different
stories of nis escape from the house, which
are not considered satisfactory, and he is
under police surveillance until further in
vestigation is made.
BOWERS' KEEN SARCASM
The California Congressman In
troduces Mock Resolutions in
the House.
Says He Is Tired of All This Talk
About Silver Cranks and
Sound Money.
WASHINGTON, D. C. April 1.-The
House, in committee of the whole, to-day
completed consideration of the sundry
civil bill, with the exception of the pro
vision for the Bureau of Engraving and
Printing, which Bingham (R.) of
Pennsylvania desires to amend. Before
the bill shall be reported to the House
there will be a general debate, at the sug
gestion of Hainer (JL\ of Nebraska, upon
the amendment making the provision for
Howard University. Bo it is among the
strong possibilities that the bill will not
be finally disposed of until late to-morrow
afternoon.
The only material amendment made to
the bill to-day aside from the one relating
to the Howard University was the one di
recting the Secretary of War to expend
$75,000 on the new military post estab
lished at Spokane, Wash.
The discussion of the bill was inter
rupted several times by political inter
jections.
Grosvenor (R.) of Ohio charged the Wil
eon tariff law with being responsible for
the condition of the treasury, which for
bade many necessary appropriations from
being made.
Patterson (D.) of Tennessee replied,
charging the onus of the present condi
tion upon the Republican party and the
gentleman's particular champion, Wil
liam McKinley. In this matter Patterson
■aid, in answer to a question, that he ap
peared as the representative of the admin
tration of Grover Cleveland. This in
spired Bowers of California to indite the
following set of mock resolutions:
Resolved, That in the judgment of this House
the so-culled tilver members of this body are
dangerous cranks, threatening prosperity and
perpetuity of the business interests of the
Ration, and therefore ought to be expelled.
Cries of "\ T ote!" "Vote!"
Bowers — We will vote on the resolu
tions together. The next is:
Resolved, That in the judgment of this House
bo member can be a good Republican or good
Democrat who does not get into the platform
and stsyon the platform inrepted, constructed
and patented by Grover Cleveland and in
which it appears the Republican party has
secured a reversionary interest.
[Laughter.]
Resolved, That, while we consider sliver
members, owners or representatives of silver
mines who come among us seeking to benefit
their mining industry through legislation as
dangerous and a menace to the country, we at
the game time welcome the residents, direct
ors, stockholders and representatives of Na
tional banks who come here as members to
protect and benefit their business; and we
pledge them our earnest support in their ef
forts to establish an elastic currency which
may be increased or diminished in amount as
the interests of bankers may seem to require,
and also in their efforts to be authorized to
issue more currency and less security, to the
end that a system of "sound money" may be
established, every dollar of which shall be re
deemed in gold purchased by sale of United
States bonds, in accordance with the new
system of "sound finance."
Barham— Mr. Chairman, I join my col
league in askinpr unanimous consent for
present consideration of those resolutions.
Bowers— The resolutions are before the
House.
Grosvenor — The gentleman from Cali
fornia had better look out or he may be
taken in earnest. He may have some con
stituents who will not understand the sar
casm of those resolutions. [Laughter.]
Bowers— Well, Mr. Chairman, I will
take chances with my constituents. My
constituents understand that the miner
and silver member have as good a right
to come here and work for the interest of
men who dig the gold and silver out of
the hills as the banker has to come here
and work to protect his banking interest.
There are two sides to this question, and
I have got a little tired of this talk about
"silver cranks" as men who threaten the
interests of the country. You have not got
any business interests. They went to the
devil long ago under your "sound money"
system. [Laughter.]
SEX ATE PROCEEOIXGS.
Call's Cuban Resolution— Perkins Talks
for American Shipping.
WASHINGTON, D. C, April I.— ln the
Senate to-day Call (D.) of Florida intro
duced a joint resolution reciting the con
tinual violations of the usages and rules of
war in Cuba, the inhuman and brutal out
rages on men, women and childen and
directing that an adequate naval force of
the United States shall be immediately sent
to Cuba as shall be sufficient to protect
(by force if necessary) citizens of
the United States in Cuba from
wrong and from the violation of the
treaty obligations; also requesting the
President to communicate this resolution
to the Government of Spain and to inform
that Government that the United States
will forcibly intervene to protect the
rights of American citizens and in the in
terest of civilization if there shall be a re
currence of murder and outrage or of the
shooting or putting to death of prisoners
of war. It was laid on the table.
Morgan (D.) of Alabama gave notice i
that he would next Tuesday call up the \
resolution offered by him on the 9tjj of
Marcb instructing the Committee on Pa- j
cific Railroads to report back the bill m- i
troduced by him and referred to the com
mittee, giving to the Court of Appeals of
the District of Columbia jurisdiction over
suits upon the liens of railway corpora
tions.
The postoffice appropriation bill was i
taken up, the question being on the
amendment reported by the Appropriation
Committee allowing * $80,000 additional
compensation to the Oceanic Steamship
Company for carrying the mails from San
Francisco to New Zealand and New South
Wales. Vilas (D.) of Wisconsin argued
against the amendment.
In the course of a colloquy as to the
subsidies paid by England to mail steam
ship companies," Perkins (R.) of California
declared that as an American citizen he
favored the fostering of American ship
ping as against English shipping. Eng- j
land, France and Russia had last year, he I
said, given $18,000,000 in postal subsidies,
but his friend from Wisconsin (Vilas)
would not give a dollar to American ship
ping excepting the postage.
At the suggestion of Allison (R.) of
lowa, chairman of the Committee on Ap
propriations, the amendment was aiiowtd
to go over without action until to-morrow.
THE NICARAGUAN TROUBLE
Critical Point of the Revolution
Thought to Have Been
Reached.
The Ultimatum of the Liberals Is That
President Zelaya Must Leave
the Country.
WASHINGTON, D. C, April I.— Central
Americans in Washington think that the
critical point of the Nicaraguan revolution
has been reached and the next move will
either involve Honduras and Salvador in
the dispute or settle the matter in favor of
the revolters against the assumption of
dictatorship of President Zelaya.
This belief is founded on the very pe
culiar political conditions resulting from
Zelaya's abandonment of the Liberal party
which elected him to the Presidency, the
strong sentiment against dictatorships in
all the republics and the weakness of the
clerical or church party in the more popu
lous sections of Nicaragua.
It is predicted that the Clericals will
not make any great sacrifices in support of
Zelaya's dictatorship,. as he is one of their
bitterest enemies, and it is said has only
sought their support for his personal
aggrandizement.
The ultimatum of the Liberals is that
Zelaya shall leave the country, turning
over the executive department to Vice-
President Boca and the old Cabinet until
the next legal election can take place, and
unless this is shortly agreed to it is the
impression that opponents of the Clericals
in Honduras and Salvador may join the
Liberals inj their effort to uphold the
Nu-araguan constitution.
It is said that Zelaya has been offered
the vacant post of Minister to Washing
ton, provided hepromptly accepts the ulti
matum. On the other hand, Zelaya de
mands the surrender of Vice-President
Boca and all the Liberal leaders and their
trial before a military tribunal, and this
extreme demand arouses the Liberal sym
pathy of the other two republics that were
parties to the recent alliance of Amapala.
It is said that there is no possible contin
gency under which Guatemala and costa
Rica can be drawn into tbe controversy.
PACIFIC CABLE RIVALRY.
Charter and Subsidy Seeking Companies
Defeat Each Other and Delay
the Project.
WASHINGTON, D. C, April I.— The
rivalry between the two companies seek
ing a charter and a subsidy for the con
struction of a Pacific cable has resulted for
the time being at least in the failure of
eiiher company to secure the prize.
The sub-committee of the Senate Com
mittee on Foreign Relations reported to
the full committee a bill along the lines of
that proposed by the Scrymser Company
of New \ork, but left the name blank so
that the full committee could act thereon.
This bill was considered the best proposi
tion because for the same bonus larger ad
van taces were offered to the Government.
When the proposition came up in the
committee this morning the Spalding ad
vocates found ready allies in ihe four
Democratic members of the committee
who were opposed to subsidies of any sort,
and their votes were sufficient to "defeat
the proposition to favorably report the
Scrvmser bill. The opponents of the
Spalding measure were equally stubborn,
and likewise voted witli the Democrats to
refuse to support the other measures. Be
tween the committee factions in the Re
publican ranks tne proposed cable fell
through.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, APRIL 2, 1896.
CHANDLER MAKES
AN EXPLANATION
He Tells of His Connection
With an Incongruous
Resolution.
AN AWKWARD DILEMMA
Why New Hampshire Republi
cans Indorsed Both Reed
and McKinley.
TO KEEP PEACE IN THE FAMILY
The Senator Denounces Political Cow
ardice and Insists on Honest,
Manly Warfare.
CONCORD, N. H., April I.— Senator
Chandler's paper, the Evening Monitor,
publishes a letter to-night which the Sen
ator sent to Senator Lodge last evening.
in it he says:
"The ludicrous incongruity between the
delegates-elect and the last resolution of
the series adopted by to-day's convention
needs an explanation from me. A short
time ago a McKinley movement was or
ganized in Manchester under the lead
of Henry M. Putney of the Mirror news
paper. The pretext for the out
break was my denunciation of the cam
paign methods of Messrs. Osborne and
Hanna, which the Mirror represented as
an assault upon Mr. McKinley personally.
The argument seemed to be because Mr.
Chandler had injudiciously told the truth
about Osborne and Hanna, therefore New
Hampshire ought to abandon Mr. Reed
and support Mr. McKinley. An assumed
virtuous indignation was to change men's
deliberately formed opinions. The move
ment did not seem to threaten anything
serious. Public opinion settled upon eight
persons for delegates known to be favor
able to Mr. Reed.
'•Yesterday Mr. Putney came to Concord
as the advance guard of the Manchester
delegates. He had been designated by
the State Committee with two other gen
tlemen as an advisory committee on plat
form. He called on me for ruy views. 1
began by saying that 1 assumed that no
resolution concerning Presidential candi
dates would be proposed, as we had not
done that even during the exciting days
of the Blame canvass. He said that if
resolutions instructing lor Reed were pro
posed tbe Manchester delegates would op
pose them. I replied that no such resolu
tions were desired ; that delegates ought to
be uninstructed and free and uncontrolled
by resolutions of any kind, as they always
had been. I asked him to assent to this
plan.
"Just before starting for the convention
I heard accidentally that the committee
on lesolutions, the night before, had de
cided to add to the platform, wnich had
been shown to me, a resolution declaring
that Mr. Reed was noble and illustrious
and that McKinley was pure and able;
that New Hampshire could be happy with
either and preferred one or the other. I
also learned that it had been arranged to
keep this information from me until as late
a moment as possible.
"I immediately asked the committee to
my room, also such candidates for dele
gates as could be found and a few
other friends, and we consulted hastily.
The candidates said that they had
all been known for week 3as un
reservedly for Reed ; that they were sure of
an election by acclamation ; that a disturb
ance in the convention was undesirable,
and that it was possible, although not
probable, that of the 700 delegates then
pouring into town from the cars, a majority
might be found against us if we bad an
acrimonious debate on an attempt to de
feat a resolution, and that they thought
we had better let the whole platform pass
without a quarrel.
"As I was embarrassed by the fact .that
I was to preside at the convention and bad
no time to arrange the programme
of a fight, I reluctantly yielded to
their opinion and we went to tne
hall. We nominated the delegates by ac
clamation and adopted the platform as a
whole unanimously. A motion was made
by a Boston broker to substitute for the
currency plank the single gold standard
resolution of the Massachusetts conven- ,
tion, which was opposed by Senator Gal
linger and others, and only received one
vote, that of the broker himself. It was
unsuited to the opinion of New Hamp
shire and to the candidacy of Mr. Reed,
who is a bimetallist. The convention
ended before 1 o'clock, joyous and enthu
siastic over the prospect an overwhelming
victory in State and Nation. This expla
nation may not be satisfactory, but it ia all
I can make.
"I confess I was unprepared at the mo
ment of entering the convention for the
device which was the ultimate develop
ment of the Osborne-Hanna movement in
New Hampshire. Our self-restraint -was
cowardly. It was the opinion of good
judges, and it was clear to me after all the
delegates had assembled in the hall and
cheered, first the name of Reed and later
the name of McKinley, that the conven
tion was for Reed two or three to one. I
have acquiesced, in such an act of cow
ardice once before, when we allowed to pass
the resolution of the New Hampshire con
vention in 1877 that the Hayes administra
tion was good and pure rather than have a
bitter controversy over the question
whether its conduct bad been honorable in
surrendering to Democratic usurpers the
lawful Governments of Louisiana and
South Carolina, whose title was as good as
that of Mr. Hayes.
"I once denounced another such act of
cowardice when, on a foolish pretext that
it was necessary to count In Mr. Hayes, it
was agreed by Ohio statesmen to make the
aforesaid surrender of two lawful Southern
governments. Hayes and Packard and
Chamberlain and Republican honor might
all have been saved if the Republicans had
shown the courage of their convictions.
So the mongrel xesoiution of to-day mi;ht
have been easily defeated if men had not
cried peace when honest manly warfare
was required. But the delegates are all
for Reed and I do not think Hanna can
capture any one of them at any stage of
the contest. William E. Chandler."
Zither Reed or MeKinley.
MANCHESTER, N. H., April 1.-At the
Republican District Convention held here
to-day delegates were chosen to represent
the district at the National Convention in
St. Louis. The convention adopted reso
lutions favoring either Reed or McKinley.
PREPARING iOR WORK.
American Republican College League
Opens Headquarters at Chicago.
CHICAGO, 111., April I.— Headquarters
for the American Republican College
League, which begins its annual conven
tion Friday, were opened to-day at the-
Auditorium Hotel, where the banquet will
be held that evening. The delegates will
be here by to-morrow night. wn.en a recep
tion will be tendered by the Marquette
Club at their clubhouse. Addresses will
be delivered in the convention by three
ex-presidents of the league, James F.
Burke of Michigan, Delmer E. HawKinsof
Syracuse, N. V., and Theodore Cox of the
City of New York University. The other
speakers will be J. Howard Fry of Prince
ton, James Jay Sheridan of Yale and
James P. Whyte of the University of Chi
cago.
Among the orators at the banquet will
be Senator Thurston, Governor Bradley,
Robert T. Lincoln, Congressman Mc-
Cleary of Minnesota and General E. A.
McAlpin, president of the National Re
publican League.
James Martin Perkins of Harvard,
Stephen D. Demmon of the Northwestern
Law School (formerly of Harvard), E. C.
Lindley of the University of Michigan and
E. J. Henning of the Columbian Law
School are candidates for the presidency.
RHODE IS I, Ay It ELECTIOX.
Republicans Make the Customary Clean
Sweep of the State.
PROVIDENCE, R. 1.. April I.— Returns
from the elections at midnight indicate
that Lippitt. Republican for Governor, is
elected by almost 10,000 plurality. The
city returns are delayed on account of a
heavy license vote. The entire Republi
can ticket is elected by slightly reduced
pluralities. The campaign was apathetic
in the extreme and disorganized, the
Democracy made practically no tight
There will be but six Democrats in the
Legislature against eight last year. There
was something of a tight against license
in this city, but the no-license movement
was defeated two to one. The entire Re
publican city Assembly ticket was elected
by over 2000 plurality. The city went
Democratic last fail.
MURDERED HIS EMPLOYES
Ghastly Find of Laborers While
Digging on a Farm iri
Illinois.
One of Many Crimes Laid at the Door
of a Man Who Committed
Suicide.
ROCK ISLAND, 111., April I.— Sheriff
Heminway took possession of the farm of
the late Henry F. Bastian in Black Hawk
township, near here, to-day, and a force of
laborers began to dig it up. Bastian com
mitted suicide on March 13, after having
been accused of the murder of his hired
man, Fred Kuschman. whose body was
found on the highway the day before Bas
tain killed himself, but the Coroner's jury
declared Kuschman came to his death in
some unknown manner.
To-day a body identified as that of John
Lauderbach, another hired man of Bas
tian's, wns found buried on the farm and
the latter will be dug up for the purpose of
discovering, '.if r>ossifcfe( ( the bodies of Mar
shall, Lewis an i Franz Kiernzen, who dis
appeared in 1894, while employed by
Bastian.
It developed shortly after Bastain's
deatli that he had forged his mother's
name and succeeded in borrowing $1300 on
a piece of property, the principal of the
loan being due at the present time. Sus
picion also attached to him of having
known something about the burn-ng of a
barn belonging to a neighbor named Mc-
Laughhn. An attempt was made to rob
McLaughlin's house while the barn was
burning, but the identity of the thief was
not disclosed.
NEITHER TO GET
A DEEP HARBOR,
f Continued from First Page.]
the chamber in favor of San Pedro. A
large part of the time was taken up with
discussions of the meaning and intent
of Congressman Hermann's letter to
President Paterson, in which he
pointed with pride to the fact that tbe
Committee on Rivers and Harbors had
been persuaded to recommend an appro
priation for Santa Monica aB well as San
Pedro, and that under this arrangement
Santa Monica would get the larger appro
priation. It was this portion of Her
mann's letter that worried most of the
directors' minds. They did not relish the
idea of seeing the Southern Pacific Com
pany get away with the lion's share of
the spoils after the people here had begun
to consider the prize practically won for
San PedrO.
Some of the directors while professing to
stand firm for San Pedro were nevertheless
of the opinion that it would be unwise to
oppose the proposed appropriation for
Santa Monica, as doing so might defeat
both appropriations. Others argued that
it were better to defeat both, and wait a
year or two than to permit the Govern
ment to become committed to the expendi
ture of a large sum at Santa Monica, which
would surely mean death to the deep-water
project at San Pedro,
Director J. O. Koepfii introduced some
peppery resolutions, drawn up by Colonel
H. C. Otis, who, as chairman of the Free
Harbor League Committee that went to
Washington to lobby- for San Pedro, is
leading the opposition against Santa
Monica. The Otis resolutions were deemed
too sweeping by some of the more con
servatives, and finally the whole question
was disposed of by the adoption of the fol
lowing brief substitute, in which all refer
ence to Santa Monica is left out:
Resolved, That the directors of the Los An
geles Chamber of Commerce hereby declare
their steadfast adherence to San Pedro as the
true and proper site— as the people's as well as
the Government's— for further harbor improve
ments.
AX OTHER trtJAK UIVJJfJB.
Bit Affections Alienated, by One of the
Congregation.
PERRY, 0. T., April I.— ln the District
Court, Rev. V J. :M. Talbee, a . Covington
(Ky.) '"■ Methodist ; preacher, was yesterday
assessed $1000 alimony for the benefit of
his wife. Talbee is nearly 50 years of age,
and married a 15-year-old girl eight years
ago at jf Barbourville. Ky. "? A, young : lady,
member lof Mr. Talbee's church began to
visit ; the ■; Talbees' home, ; and r soon ' the
preacher and | his : young , wife separated.
Talbee came here and sued for a divorce.
His wife, by attorney, asked | for alimony.
Talbee will dismiss his suit for divorce. ■ ;
BIRTHDAY OF THE
IRON CHANCELLOR
Boundless Enthusiasm of the
Multitudes at Fried
richsruhe.
GENERAL CELEBRATION.
Carloads of Valuable Presents
From Every Part of
the Empire.
THE PRINCE MAKES A SPEECH.
Women Sob and Men Cheer Themselves
Hoarse — A Gift From the
Emperor.
FRIEDRICHSRUHE, Germany, April I
I.— The eighty-first anniversary of the |
birth of Prince Bismarct was celebrated !
to-day with great enthusiasm. The i
weather is clear and cold. From the rail
way station to the postoffice the castle
gates and buildings generally naps are fly
ing in profusion. By noon there were evi
dences of a general celebration. Crowds I
of villagers ana strangers assembled at the
entrances to the castle park, which were
guarded by gendarmes, who rigorously ex
cluded the public- Cartloads of flowers ar
rived at the castle, together with a great
number of presents for the ex-Chancellor.
The mail brought a package from Na
ples containing a present from the Em
peror.
Prince Bismarck was out of bed at 11
o'clock as usual. After breakfast the
Prince was congratulated by Count Yon
Waldersee and a delegation of three ofii
cers of the Halberstadt Cuirassiers and
Eatzeburg Chasseurs. Presents arrived
throughout the day from all parts of the
empire. They were costly and varied, and
comprised many samples of special indus
tries.
Tne usual pilgrimage to the House
Under the Elms at Friedrichsuhe is going
on to-day, the delegations coming from
this city as well as from Hamburg, Bonn,
Leipsic, Munich, Frankfort-on-the-Main,
Nuremberg, Bremen, Stuttgart, Chemnitz
and other places. The "Iron Chancellor"
received in the large hall of his residence a
delegation from each of the deputations,
with him being Count Herbert Bismarck
and wife and his son-in-law, Count yon j
Rantzau, and wife, and afterwiird wit- |
nessed from tiie balcony a procession of
the delegations.
Three special trains which reached here
this afternoon brought about 2000 persons
to take part in the torchlight procession j
which was held this evening in honor of |
the ex-Chancellor. The paraders, with
bands playing, marched to the castle and
halted in front of the terrace. At abouc 8
o'clock Prince Bismarck, attired in the
uniform of a cuirassier, over which he
wore a gray cloaK, appeared upon the ter
race and was greeted with enthusiastic
cheers by the thousands who had assem
bled to do him honor. Tne bands played
a thanksgiving hymn, after which Herr
Staelin, a merchant of Hamburg, deliv
ered an address, thanking the Prince for
what he had done for Germany, which,
he declared, would ever be faithfully re
membered.
Prince Bismarck returned thanks in a
brief address, in which he quoted the
words of Martin Luther, that "the good- j
will of one's neighbors is a necessity for a ;
German Christian." He rejoiced, he said, i
that his Hamburg neighbors had preserved j
for him their goodwill and grace, although
he had lost the goodwill of the people in
many places. He was glad, too, that they j
were not ashamed to display their kind ■
feeling for him, and saw in that expres- !
sion an acknowledgment of his former '
deeds. He rejoiced that Hamburg had j
nourished, finding In its progress a proof i
that its hinterland was in a good state, i
No maritime emporium, he declared, i
could prosper without a prosperous hin- I
terland.
The ex-Chancellor dwelt upon the inter
ests of the professional, mercantile and
agrarian classes, whictLhe said were inter
mdependent and all worked in the com
mon cause. If one declined the others
would not prosper. He hoped that Ham
burg would continue to prosper, for the
sake of his own interest as a farmer, even
though he was not a passionate agrarian.
Hearty laughter greeted this remark, and
wben this had subsided Prince Bismarck j
called for cheers for Hamburg, which were
heart'ly given.
The procession then resumed its march,
each division as it passed cheering enthu
siastically for the Prince, who remained
standing, supporting himself by a table.
The ladies, a large number of whom were
present, threw flowers to tbe ex-Chancel
lor and expressed a desire to shake his
hand, but were prevented from doing so
by Dr. Schweninger, his physician. Be
fore retiring from the terrace, Prince Bis
marck, uncovering his head, said- "My
body is unable to stand long fatigues,"
and added, in faltering tones, "My heart
goes out with you."
At this the women sobbed and the men
cheered and shouted "Wiedersehen, Wied*
ersehen," and the cries were continued
until the last of the crowd had taken their
departure.
the present of Emperor William, which
was forwarded by mail from Naples, con
sisted of a small photograph of the Em
peror and his family, upon which was
inscribed in pencil: "First of April, 1896,
Wilhelm, Imperator Re,x."
IS THE CALOJtIMETEB.
A. 31. \ Smith Completes the Eighth Day
of Hit .Experiments. .
HARTFORD, Conn, ; April I.— A. M.
Smith yesterday completed his eighth day
in the calorimeter at Wesleyan University
invMiddleton. Part vof ■ the time he has
spent in hard muscular labor . and ■ part in
Btudy ; and reading. Yesterday . morning
he was well and hearty and expressed his
determination to stay in this box ' until
Saturday. ;
He was engaged yesterday in filing a
hard ; piece ; of iron, and as a < result v the
record , of ; his temperature showed \ a de
cided rise, and the heat • generated :by his
exertions caused a moisture to collect on
the copper sides of his apartments. :
The calorimeter iis f lined on the ; inside
with copper, next '% to a lining of zinc, and :
the outside is finely matched yellow, pine.
Th« air is sent in through a freezer, which
removes V all . the h moisture. } The % air is
warmed later by an electric light. All ; the
air that is expelled is drawn out of the
cage through pipes, in which are chemi
cals which collect the carbonic acid gas
and other ingredients. Over 300 sheets of
foolscap paper have been used so far in
recording the results of the experiments.
JrOMEX CAUSE A SEXSATIOX.
They Under tooh to Hun a Village, and
They're Itoing It.
KALAMAZOO, Mich., April I.—Marcel
lus, the little village in Cass County.which
is run almost entirely by women, is greatly
excited over the action of the School
Board, which is also composed of women,
in removing Principal Schelzam of the
Union School. The malo portion of the
population held an indignation meeting,
at which the husbands of the offending
trustees were present and took an active
part. The female members of the board
promised a sensation as soon as they got
in power, and the male population, with
whom Professor Schelzam is very popular,
thinks it has been sprung.
A DESPERATE THIEF.
Pursued and Cornered by a Crowd of
Angry Citizens He Deliberately Cuts
His Throat.
CHICAGO, 111., April 1. — Hezekiah
Jones, colored, a desperate thief, fleeing
from a crowd of angry citizens, deliber
ately cut his throat before the eyes of his
horriiied pursuers aim expired almost in
their arms shortly after 7 o'clock last
night at the entrance to an alley leading
off from Fifty-first street in Lexington
avenue.
A few moments before he had snatched
a pur«e from the hands of Mrs. Lillian
Brown at Rosalie court and Fifty-seventh
street, who was riding in the seat imme
diately behind him on an east-bound Cot
taee Grove avenue gripcar. Her screams
had aroused the passengers and attracted
the attention of wayfarers, and. headed by
Conductor J. A. Joyce, an excited crowd
of men had given chase to th? robber.
Jones leaped from the car when his vic
tim cried out, ana darted toward the
friendly alley opening. A glance, how
ever, snowed him his escape was hopeless,
and taking a razor from his pocket he
coolly faced his pursuers and drew the
keen blade twice across his throat. Reel
ing for an instant he sank to the ground,
and died almost instantly. Jones was 55
years old.
DIAZ ON THE DOCTRINE.
Mexico's President Favors the
Ultimatum of James
Monroe.
Believes It Should Be Defended by
All of the American
Republics.
CITY OP MEXICO, Mkxico, April I.—
Congress was opened to-night. President
Diaz in his message said :
Among the events relative to that great
republic which since my last message have
attracted most attention and roused the
interest of the American nations, there is
one respecting which national motives of
decorum and propriety oblige me to say
some words.
Owing to an ancient dispute over the
boundary between Venezuela and the ter
ritory callad British Guiana— a dispute
exasperated recently by causes which
need not be considered — the President of
the United States of America sent a mes
sage to the Congress of that country, re*
calling as applicable to said contention
the famous opinion of the doctrine whicu,
in a similar document, President Monroe
expounded, and which since 1823 has had
such acceptance among the people.
Very naturally, recurrence to the doctrine
which condemned every attempt at European
usurpation, and every monarchical tendency
tochunge republican institutions in the new
world, created intense enthusiasm In the free
uutious oi this continent, caubing demon
strations of sympathy from tho people
and even from governments them,
selves of the American countries. The
Mexican Government was not lacking
in invitations of an international
character to at once give its opinion on so
grave a measure, but the executive believed
that it ought not be in a hurry to give its
opinion in a matter which at the time involved
not only the Monroe doctrine, but wan extended
to the application of its principles to the
case of Great Britain in her question
with Venezuela. . Not as fully under
standing this question as it was
perhaps understood iv the United States,
which had received special information from
Venezuela, we were not in a position to pre
sume that the claims of England constituted
an attempt at usurpation. Moreover, w« could
not believe that the very boundary question in
its essence, and even treating oi controversial
points, should be a ea*e lor the application of
that wise doctrine.
On the other hand the simple fact that Eng
land should refuse to submit to arbitration her
rights to one part of the disputed territory,
taking it for granted that she admitted to ar
bitrate for the remainder, could not be in our
judgment sufficient reason for an unfavorable
presumption since the Mexican Government
itselt had decided more thanonce that it would
not admit arbitration for certain territorial
questions which, in our opiniou, involved the
honor of the country. Thus it was that I
declined to make any manifestation through
the press respecting a matter which affected
the interest or th« must delicate sentiments ofr
three nations equally deserving our esteem,
but conliued myseli" to the reply that, nat
urally, I was a partisan of the principles of the
Monroe doctrine, properly understood, but I
could not say whether it was applicable to the
present case or not.
_Nowthat happily and as was to have been
expected the crisis is passed that threatened
war between the two great nations in which
the Anglo-Saxon race is divided; now that our
sister republic of Venezuela is proceeding at
Washington in peaceful negotiations with her
powerful adversary, it does not seem inoppor
tune to accede to the desires of those who re
quested that the Mexican Government should
give its opinion respecting the Mo iroe doc
trine.
Without entering into an examination of the
origin and history of the occasion which gave
rise to its promulgation; without descending
to particulars as to the just limitations which
its author himself would have fixed, and which
with so much prudence President Clevelant
stated, the Government of Mexico cannot do
less than show itself a partisan of the doctrine
which condems us aggressive any invasion
by monarchiftl Europe of the republics of
America— independent nations to-day ruled
by a popular Government. Our history in
general and signally the struggle of our
people to throw off the yoke of an exotic
empire of European origin, form and elements
and the torrents of blood shed in that severe
contest give testimony before the world of our
Is the time when nearly every one needs to take
a good blood purifier. The system has become
run down and debilitated, coughs and colds are
frequent and are easily contracted, indigestion
and bilious attacks are common, and all be-
cause the blood has become impoverished and
impure. The best spring medicine is Hood's
Sarsaparilla, which acts directly upon the
blood, purifying, vitalizing and enriching it,
and thus ensuring good health to the whole
system.
Hood's
Sarsaparilla
Is the One True Blood Purifier. All druggists. $1
Be sure to get Hood'a and only HOOD'S.
HnnH'c Dilfc are the best after-dinner
lIUUU S> flll£> piiia, aid digestion. 26c
worship of independence and our abhorrence
of ail ioreign intervention it to be efficient
But we do not understand it to DC ;"":*■ n i y
for the object to which we aspire, '-ha t oniy
upon the i'nited. B:ates in s|..to °« theirim
mense resources, is the ?blm'auon im,um
to aid the other republu-s o ■ thw nei
this can >» attacks of r l op V'nt that
if tins can be considered possible but Uikl
each one of said ., republics by n en n«
foreign power to reduce the *f J'vStuttons of a
dependence, or to change the '^"^"ghoi'lil
single one of the American republic^, snou.i
be considered as a PC" 00 " 1 IJ?fh«at of this
public sustaining can attack or ° r y l " b a
nature should appeal '<»r aid. - In this ««y jo
doctrine tevday- called the Monroe d °^ ll «
would be the American doctrine , in e tne i * m^
Fense, and although-it .origlnatca in
tional rights of all American*. l »» t I_na1 _ nay tb l^
opportune to treat in this message.
SOVTH AJTMMCAM XOTES.
Cecil JUiodct' Movement *-Th* Effort to
Suppress the Math beles.
CAPE TOWN, /South Africa, April I.—
Cecil Rhodes, ex-Premier of the Cape
Colon., who is on his way. from Beira to
Buluwayo, has arrived at Fort Salisbury in
safety.
Advices received • here state that the
Mafeking coach lias reached Bulnwayo
with a quantity of arms and ammunition.
Sir Hercules Robinson, Governor of Cape
Colony, lias authorized the raising of a
force of 500 men in Mafeking for service in
suppressing the revolt in Matabeleland.
The report current at Pretoria that the
Government of the Transvaal will offer to
Sir Hercules Robinson, Governor of Cape
Colony, the assistance of the burgher force
against the Matabeles has been officially
confirmed. The assistance offered will ex
tend to the protection of the women ana
children in Matabeleland.
X . .- ♦ •
7 Hnyti'a Sew President.
NEW YORK, N. V., April I.— The
Haytian legation has received a cablegram
announcing the election of General
Tiresias fcimon Sam (Minister of war
under Hiwpolyte) as President oi ilayti.
ThecountrV imperfectly quieu
. . NEW TO-DAY.
if
Our advice is "'Don't !
Don't juggle your money — don't let it
slip through your ringers by purchasing
something worth less than your money.
Opportunities, too, are money— but they
are like eels: good, but slippery. Here are
some: '.
Get a pood grip,
• ■ • Don't let them slip.
Men's All-Wool Suits,, spring tailoring $ 7 00
(As good elsewnerc at 910.)
Men!s AM- Wool Punts, latest shades :.. IN
Nobby Form- Kitting Topcoats .' 10 CO
Boys' Reefer Suits., all shades, large sailor
collar, HerCules bj-ald ...... .. , 250
Boys' Long-Trousered Suits, ages 11 to 19,
i first-class styles,..-... '. .' 4 50
Odd Knee P.ant5.. '.:... ....-.'.. ;.■. 25c
. All- Wool Sailor Suits, drab and gray, hand-
■■ someiy embroidered.....'. ' 100
■.--_*';' Holiday Neckwear Fineries.
■ - ' 0^
z i\-tt-ZsS7'ftDfftU\( "siw
• . We ABE the Mail-order House.
j , ; | | j" 1 I
White Figs, #
3cts v a Pound. '.<*ss\
•'■'; L_J ( , y~±*is
i — \
• Above "Special" this week only. trW
' . "Smith's Weekly." tells all about wj
the Specials. ■ .; , ,
Kenioval Sale now In progress. '
* reight prepaid 100 miles and over.
bmltn's .Monthly Catalogue free for postal.
• • Smiths 1 Cash Store,
41 4, 41 6, 41 8 Front St., S. F. 1 1
Largest Departm't Store west of Chicago.
FAILING MANHOOD
General and Nervous Debility.
/75-t#v ■ Weakness of Body and
//froN-- Mind, Effects of Errors
•': - i .' ■■.• Y^Ji^^V or Excesses in Old or
9p Young. Robust, Noble
fF%£j&X^ Manhood fully Restored,
S& vr ' How to Enlarge and
' JPjft VL>^iiY Strengthen Weak, Un-
L«irm*\lvL*!3u(Jsa developed Portions of
i»»Jn\yr/ :i^A Bod Absolutely nn- •
FYSg/i M^<Vi 1M failing Home Treatment.
'}WJM\FvMm —Benefits in a day.
Men testify from 50 States and Fortify
Countries. Send for Descriptive Book, ex- ■
planation and proofs, mailed (sealed) free.
ERIE MEDICAL CO., Buffalo, N.Y.
DR. PIERCES
ELECTRIC
fiis^Lsv^^ia DEI T
l^Stwt BELT
; IS THE BEST. .
'" <iy^ 1 " • We Have Them
""^ * m $5 to $25,
%tfjJ>ttta ■'■>'' And Guarantee
§lliiSls BELT
P&^lnSa^rP'r 1° b Superior to
■VpßiyaKfc^fr?' Any Oher Eleo-
(?*4§j^«'v World*" 1 In the
■^^ All the Latest
■-^iL^toAtMj ,»^ Improvements.
r* 3 ", 0 * 11 or write for
ittSft&SS^flßVm Frfe"Pamuhi(»t No 2"
EPy^ ' '^-Tr^-jW _ isuj- no Belt till you B ee
K^ts^ii^-'^rT^fM " J)r- rierc "' s -" Addre:<«
Si^^^S? DR3. PIERCI &SON.
jfr^lilv^'^ "°* Sacramento St.
" ■(• ' <Xjf; ** (cor. Kearny V 2d. 3d
""tilt BAN VIl a A floors,
W SAN FKANCISCO
SJ W PRIVATE DISPENSARY.
SPECIALTY- DISEASES OF MEN, INCLrB.
ing all forma of Blood,' Skin and Nervous Ms.
eases. Over 20 years' experience. : Book sent free
. Patients cured at Home.- Terms reasonable. Office
Hours, 9to 3 dally: 6:30 to 8:30 evenings. Sundays
10 to 12. Consultation free und sacredly coufldtn.
Uul. Call, or address > ■■•* r* u *°"
= p. iioscox: Mc3rtn.TT. W. 8., '
26.' i Kearn? Street, San Francinco, Cal.
NOTARY PUBLIC;
PHABLES H. PHILLIPS, ATTORNET.»m
A-/ law and Notary Public, 638 Market st odd.
sice Palace Hotel. „ Residence, 1620 Tt\\ at -i jil
phono MO. SmM«bm taiephont. "Pine aoii."THE WIZARD IS
BEATEN BY IVES.
Third Game of the Billiard
Tournament at New
York.
PHENOMENAL PLAYING.
\An Exciting : Contest gaK First,
but Sehaefer Finally Drops
Behind. \- : .; ' '\
BRILLIANT EFFORTS \ CHEERED.
The Young Napoleon Scores 600 Points
to Scaaefer's 394 in the Nine- :
-■ '-; teenth Inning. '.- -. t . •
NEW YORK, V Y., April I.— The third
game of the New York series of the
Garnier-Sehaefer-lves 13-inch,: balk-line'
billiard tournament was decided to- light
at Madison - square Garden. Frank C.
Ives and Jacob Scnaefer.; were the con
testants. ,';.•;• •". .-•„■. ;■',-■„:•*• '/["'■ ' .'•'
Vacant seats" in the hall were at a
premium wlifcn the game, commenced.
The cracKs put in an : appearance ;at 8:30.
\ Both received .an enthusiastic reception. ' : .
On the 'first attempt at the bank both
were even to /a hair, so Referee Poggen
burg ordered another trial. Ives won on
; the second /attempt but failed to /score. The
Wizard only registered-two before he broke
down on a cushion shot* . ■ .: ,*.
Ives contributed a run of thirty-nine, dUr
insr the /ranking.of which he made some
brilliant plays. ; Schaefer hardly found
his true form until ".the fourth inning.
One aitd a zero rewarded his efforts in the
second .and third innings., lyes did not do
much better in the third arid fourth,
scoririe 0110 and three respectively.
In. bis fourth : "; journey to the green
Sch.aefer gave an exhibition of his true
form before he broke down on an attempt
at a. jump : shot. His youthful opponent
retired on his fifth inning" without increas
ing his soore, and the cards read : Ives 43,
Eobaefer 38. - '■■■- - i-^y.' '•- ••: ;. . • v .'. n .
Sbhaeie'r'in the next inning showed mar
velous skill:, "Nursing,"' open play and
fancy shots followed each other . with a
science; and delicacy of touch that fre
quently, aroused : the enthusiasm of the
spectators.' ■ ••*!:'• ° :
■ Scbaef^r continued to score until he had
made- 115, When he went out on a difficult
two cushion-." snot. Ives .then scored 73
poiiits before a difficult bank shot caused
his aoWnfal.K- Sc-haefer responded with a
cluster of CtG, ■ and • the score card read:
Sixth inning, Ives 116, Schaefer 219. '■■;. -':,
- " T « n se veil from Iv-es and four from
his rival were: the contributions to the
seventh inning.  Ives- seemed nervous as
lie started his eighth, and scored but three
poirs+s. •• -r foll'V^d with a *ero.
Iv*>s opened, the ninth with a miscue
and Schaefef broke down after mating 4.
On his next try Ives gathered in 70 before
.a bad position compelled him to leave the i
lowtjr rail and go for a two-cushion shot, j
which "was fatal.' In the ; next inning j
Schaefer failed to iucrease. his score. At !
the end of the tenth inning the score read:
'ives iJIT, Schaefer ■ • .
' The boyi3h looking champion lost no'
time in taking the lead once more, and
Schaefer's admirers "Were dampened a good
deal. Getting/t he sphtTes in position
along the top rail, juggled with the
anchor nurse and sent' the red ana white
balls in turn, journeying down the table
only to bring them back to his command
again. • . . .
A generous burst of applause greeted the
call of 116, which was the highest run so j
far. Three more were called for Ives be- I
fore a single cushion-carora let Schaefer in.
He piled up 29 before, the balls were frozen
and the bank failed to come off. Ive3 336, |
Schaefer 256. .' : -. -. _ >• .. j
Twenty-one was. lyes' next tally. .The
ivories broke badly for Schaefer, but he
ccor***d thirty-one by magnificent open
pijf before he retired. Ives passed his
fourth, hundred at 10:25 o'clock with the
aid of " a neatly executed 45. Schaefer
scored 27, and on Ives' claim the referee
. decided that Schaefer had missed his
twenty-eighth shot, a difficult masse.
The fourteenth and fifteenth innings
were not productive of much result to
either. Three and ..one were Ives' dona
tion, while Schaefer failed to score in the
fourteenth and only contributed seven in
the fifteenth.
{ Both failed to score in the seventeenth,
falling down on a long single-cushion
shot. Sixty-four from lyes and seventy
from Schaefer made the score in the
eighteenth inning read: Ives 527,
.-■fer 394.
j In the next inning Ives ran out the 600
points with a break of 103. The score: •
Ives-0. 39. 1, 3. 0. 73, 27, 3, 0, 70, 119, 21, 45,
3,1,27,0.64,103-600.
. Srtaefer— '_'. 1, 0, 35, 115, 66, 4, 0, 4, 0, 29, 31,
27. 0,7, 3, «, 70-394. :
Highest run!*— 119, Schaefer 115. •
Average— lyes 31 11-19. hcUaeler.'Jl 16-18.
Itefere<-— Mr. I'oggenburg. • ■ ■. i
Scorer-- G. W. Foster.
Winners at Little Rock.
LITTLE ROCK, Ark., April 1.-Results: Half
mile, Suisun' won, Albion second, Jolly Son
third. Time, :51| 4 . ' •/ '■ {
Seven-eighths of a mile, Joe O'Sot won, Up
man second, Kirk third. Time, 1:34.
One mile, Sidkel .won,. Crevasse second, Fay
ette Hello third. .Time, 1:43%. '<
Half mile, Chappie won, Goose Liver second,
Sea obbet third. Time, :41& -, - "-
Five-eighths of a mile, Nut P won, Maggie
Gray second, Ham) Belle third. Time, l:03y 2 .
Turner Defeat* .Clark.
MEMPHIS, Tens., April I.— Following
a couple of brief preliminary bouts Charles
Turner of California and Jesse Clark fought
seventeen rounds here to-night at 155
pounds. The match was for twenty-five
rounds, but ClarK was so far gone in the
seventeenth round that his seconds threw
up; the sponge.
VtSAH A COXSI'IJtACI.
The Sheriff of Memphis Called Upon to
Protect n Oredr/er.
NEW YORK, N. V., April I.— A special
from Memphis, Term., says: Captains I
Fitch and Rees, Unite 1 States army, who I
are in charge of the engineering operations I
of the big dredge-boat P>etta that is now |
working at the head of President's Island, I
have recently OtwerVed indications of a !
possiblfi conspiracy. among the hundreds
of men employed upon the Government
fleet that worKs in connection with the j
dredge boat.
The men are for the most part lawless'
characters, brought together from all parts
of the United States. They are mostly
armed. Upon the bout are kept valuable j
and unique instruments that are worth
$200,000, which it is believed is the aim of
the men to destroy.
Application was made to Sheriff Me-
Carver to send a posse to the scene yester
day and a squad went forward, headed by
the Sheriff.
KING MENELEK'S RETREAT.
He Will Spend the Abyssinian Easter at
Magdala and Pass the Rainy
Season at Shoa.
ROME, Italy, April I.— The report re
ceived here to-day that King Menelek and
all but one of his chiefs had retreated from
Adowa is confirmed by later advices,
which add thai Menelek will spend the
Abyssinian Easter at Magdala and will
thence proceed to Shoa, where he will pass
the rainy season.
All of his troops will rest until October.
The rains have already begun upon the
high plateaus, and it is expected that com
munication with the Tigre province will
soon be interrupted.
It is believed that all of the Italian
troops will withdraw to Massowah. Two
thousand Italians who were captured
by Menelek's forces have been taken
to Shoa where Major Salza, the
Italian olucer who was sent to deal with
the Abyssinian King, and Menelek will
continue the negotiations for peace and
the ransom of the prisoners.
Great feastings have been ordered in
Shoa in view of the return of Menelek.
who is expected to arrive there by Whit-
suntide.
DREADFUL DISASTER.
Eight of the Crew of the Monitor Huascar
Killed by the Bursting of Her
Steam- Pipe.
NEW I'ORK, N. V., April I.— A special
dispatch to the Herald from Valparaiso
says: The monitor Huascar, fresh from
the New York dry dock, 'arrived here yes-
terday afternoon. Scarcely had she cast
anchor when a dreadful disaster occurred
on board.
Without warning, the main steam-pipe
of the vessel burst, killing eight of the
men and probably fatally injuring four
others. No further details can be ob
tained, as no one is permitted on board.
MRS. MA lii KICK'S CASE.
The Unfortunate Mo/nan Denied a Par
don by the Home Secretary.
LONDON, Exg., April I.— The release
committee has communicated to Lord
Russell, the Lord Chief Justice, the refusal
of the Home Secretary, Sir Matthew Rid
ley, to release Mrs. Maybrjck, who is now
serving ' a life sentence for poisoning her
husband. ■„ -. . T-'. ,*• i _ ,'- ;:
Lord Russell replied that he was greatly
disappointed at the result of the effort to
secure Mrs. Maybrick's freedom, adding
that he himself had communicated to the
Home Secretary a strong opinion that the
prisoner ought to be released.
SPIRITVALJSIS CELEBRATE.
A Massachusetts Lady Advocates Their
Representation in Congress.
BOSTON, Mass., April 1. —In Horti
cultural Hall yesterday the Massachusetts
State Association of Spiritualists cele
brated the anniversary of the association,
the meeting being for the first time open
to the public.
Mrs. N. J. Willis, one of the speakers,
advocated sending only Spiritualists to
Congress. She said: *"I blush for the
men who have voted to place legislative
restrictions in»nn Spiritualism. Spiritual
ism cannot get its full growth while it is
hemmed in by the ties of political party
lines. Let us remain true to the divinity
of our gospel, and they may place who
ever they will in the halls of Congress."
The speaker made an earnest appeal
against voting for any candidate who was
opposed to the principles of spiritualism,
for when spiritualists stand up maTifully
for their rights no commonwealth will be
able to refuse them justice.
THE GOSPEL, JT-Y MANUSCRIPT.
An Ancient and Heautiful Copy Found
in Asia Minor.
LONDON, Eng., April I.— The Daily-
News will to-morrow publish a dis
patch from Constantinople saying
that an ancient and . beautiful manu
script copy of the gospel, dating
back to the sixth century, was re
cently found in Asia Minor. It is written
on the finest and thinnest of veltum,
which is dyed purple. The letters are sil
ver, except for the abbreviations and
sacred names, which are in gold.
Representatives of English and Ameri
can universities have unsuccessfully sought
to obtain possession of the precious manu
script, it having been secured by Russia.
Approved by the I'reaident.
WASHINGTON, D. C, April I.— The
President has approved the bill to repeal
certain provisions of the Revised Statutes
relating to appointment of officers in the
army and navy of the United States. This
is the measure removing the disabilities of
United States army and navy officers who
served under the Confederate Govern*
ment. Also the bill providing for the dis
posal of lands lying within the Fort
Klamath hay reservation, not included in
the Klamath Indian reservation in Oregon.
A private bill for the relief of Michael Ray
has become a law without the President's
signature.
Speculating on Adjournment.
WASHINGTON, D. C, April I.—Repre
sentative Dingley of Maine, chairman of
the Committee on Ways and Means, stated
yesterday that from present appearances
Congress could adjourn by the 15th of
May. He was not prepared to say that an
adjournment would be reached" at that
early date, owing to possible"contingencies,
but he saw no reason why an adjournment
should be delayed after June 1.
Special Commission on Highways.
WASHINGTON, D. C, April I.— The
House Committee on Agriculture to-day
ordered a favorable report on the bill
creating a special commission on high
ways, to consist of the chief engineers of
the army, the directors of the geological
survey and the chief of road inquiry of the
Department of Agriculture. The measure
has been earnestly advocated by the
League of Ameiican Wheelmen.
California Postmasters.
WASHINGTON, D. C, April I.— The
President to-day sent to the Senate the
following nominations: Postmasters —
Alaska Territory, R. P. Nelson, Juneau.
California: I. B. Barnes, Ferndale; Mary
Hansbrough, University.
Tlie Oregon's Official Trial.
WASHINGTON, D. C, April I.— The
Navy Department has set the 10th of May
an the date for the official trial of the bat
tleship Oregon, built by the Union Iron
Works of San Francisco. The trial will
take place in the Santa Barbara Channel.
Condition of the Treasury.
WASHINGTON, IX C. April I.— The
debt statement issued to-day shows a net
increase in the public debt less cash in the
treasury during March of $.V_'74,7kO. The
total cash in the treasury is fiTJ ,968,947.
To Improve lluniboldt Harbor.
WASHINGTON, D. C, April I.— The
sundry civil appropriation bill considered
in committee of the whole House to-day
appropriates $159,000 for Humboldt har
bor.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, APRIL 2, 1896.
LOS ANGELES'
BIG VICTORY
Wins the Suit to Secure a
Permanent Supply
of Water.
BITTER CONTEST ENDED.
Acquires for $25,000 a Tract for
Which the Owners Asked
$1,500,000.
PECULIAR POINT INVOLVED.
Possession of Water-Bearing Strata
Beneath the Surface is
Decided.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., April I.— The suit
of the city of Los Angeles against A. E.
Pomeroy and J. D. Hooker, for the con
demnation of water-bearing lands for the
headworks of the city water supply, was
decided to-day by a jury in the Superior
Court, after being on trial for several
weeks. The case is a victory for the city,
and secures for it for $25,000 privileges that
would otherwise have cost it $1,500,000.
The land condemned embraces 313 acres
at the entrance to the San Fernando Val
ley. It is only a small portion of a very
large tract owned by Pomeroy & Hooker,
but it is practically all of the tract that is
underlaid by water-bearing strata. The
contention of the city was that the over
flow was in reality part of the wafers of
the Los Angeles River, which belonged to
the city. The city, therefore, claimed the
light to all the water developed or under
lying the land, and was willing to pay for
the land only, which was worth without
water, at the lowest estimate put on it by
the city, $5000.
Pomeroy <fc Hooker contended that the
subterranean waters were no part of the
river, but belonged to the land and made
it of great value. They estimated the
value of the tract, with the water they
could develop thereon, at $1,500,000, and !
asked for that sum in case the land was
condemned for the city's use. They con
tended that the loss of the water under
this tract would render their adjacent land
almost worthless.
The case was stubbornly fought, eminent
counsel being employed on both sides.
More expert testimony was taken than in
any other case ever tried in the State,
nearly every prominent civil, mining and
hydraulic engineer in Southern California
being examined, as well as many experts
in real estate values. Judge Lucien Shaw's
charge to the jury was elaborate and com
prehensive.
The jury, after deliberating several
hours, returned a verdict awarding the
defendants $23,000 for the property con
demned nnci $2000 damages. Many people
would have considered it a victory for the
city if $50,000 had been awarded the de
fendants. It is probable the case wiil be
appealed. The new acquisition assures
the city a sufficient and permanent water
supply.
COLUSA QUARRY INSPECTED.
Harbor Commissioners Selecting Stone for
the San Francisco Ferry
Depot.
COLTJSA, Cal., April I.— Harbor Com
missioners E. L. Colnon, Daniel P. Cole |
and J. S. Chadbourne arrived from San
Francisco to-day on a tour of inspection to I
tlie Sites sandstone quarry. They were
accompanied by E. R.. Swain, the archi- '
tect; Howard C. Holmes, Chief State En- j
gineer; itichard Gorrel, president of the !
Pacific Bridge Company, the contractors I
for the stone work on the San Francisco !
ferry building; and Assistant Superin- \
tendent of the Southern Pacific T. R.
Jones of Sacramento. The party was met
at Colusa junction by a special train,
under the superintendency ol E. A. Har
rington, having on board several of
Colusa's leading citizens and their wives.
Among the latter were: Colonel John T.
Harrington and wife; J. Grover and wife;
Mrs. E. A. Harrington, Colonel Hager,
Jewell Roggs, Assemblyman William Ash,
J. B. Cooke and others. A collation was
served on the train, of which the party
partook on arriving at the quarry.
The day was a perfect one in the valley,
and every opportunity was civen the party
to thoroughly inspect the stone which lies
there in unlimited quantities. It was the
expressed opinion of all the committee
that no finer building stone could be found
in the country. Tne architect and chief
engineer' were especially pleased with the
character of the stone, and are of the
opinion that it will bear the severest tests,
and that no better could be had <tor the
ferry building.
Alter spending several hours pleasantly
in and around the quarry the party
boarded the train and returned to Colusa,
where they will remain over night, and re
turn to San Francisco to-morrow. They
were all very much pleased with their trip.
SANTA MOyiCA HEJOICEB.
formal Opening of the Pasadena and
Pacific Jtaihcay.
SANTA MONICA, Cal., April 1.-Santa
Monicans have been bubbling over with
enthusiasm to-day, and the town has
been in carnival attire. The new
Pasadena and Pacific Electric Rail
road, connecting Los Angeles with
Santa Monica, was formally opened
this morning, and over 500 gueßts of the
officials came from Los Angeles in live of
the superb coaches of the company. The
first car, No. 65. with Peter Reel at the
motor, left at 1 o'clock with the members
of the Board of Supervisors and other
county officials on board.
It was nearly 3 o T clock before the last
car left, the delay being occasioned by the
desire to brine Mayor Robert Pratt and
the city officials of Minneapolis, Minn.,
who arrived in Los Angeles on the 1:30
o'clock train from San Francisco.
Upon the arrival of the coaches the citi
zens of Santa Monica entertained the vis
itors royally, decorating the coaches and
banqueting them in the Town Hall, where
speeches were made by Mayor Carrilloand
many of the invited guests.
WALLA W A 1.7. I SEXBATIOX,
3feat- Market Proprietor* Arraigned as
Cattle Thieves.
WALLA WALLA, Wash., April l.—Gus
Harris, Reintiold Harras and Otto Eichler
were examined in the Justice's Court to
day on a charge of cattle-stealing. They
are prominent meat-market proprietors.
All were held to the Grand Jury.
Silas Evans and Jack Flynn, two con
victs serving sentences in the penitentiary,
testified that last summer they were em
ployed by the Harras brothers to steal cat
t!e, and when they delivered them to the
corral they were given an order by Eichler
which Harras Bros. paid. Flynn swore
that he stole Cornwall cattle on instruc
tions of the Harras Bros. He then went
to Columbia County to engage in the same
business, where he was arrested with sev
eral head of cattle which he was driving
to the Harrases 1 corral.
BAR AGAINST COAST CATTLE.
Secretary Morton Called Upon to Give
Information as to Disinfected
Districts.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., April 1. — Dr.
Lame, secretary of the State Board
of Health, to-day telegraphed to
Secretary Morton of the Department
of Agriculture, asking for specific
information as to the localities
in which he was informed Texas or splenic
fever existed among cattle, on which in
formation he had put this whole State in
quarantine. The following dispatches
passed between them :
Washington, D. C, April 1, 1896.
J. It. Lame, Secretary State Board of Health:
Texas or splenic fever exists in a large sec
tion south of Sau Fjanciseo Bay and extending
to the Mexican boundary. My authorities are
reports of the department inspectors showing
disease exists in sections mentioned, and has
been carried t<> other States. Special investi
gations were made in 1894 and 1895. Am sur
prised at your statement to Senator White con
veying the impression that the disease does
not exist and asking him to bear down hard on
the Agricultural department.
J. Sterling Morton, Secretary.
Dr. Lame responded as follows:
J. Sterling Morton, United States Department
Agriculture, Washington, D. C: No such infor
mation has ever been received by us from your
department inspectors, so please give specific
locutions. Snn Francisco Bay to Mexican bor
der is (several hundred miles.
J. R. Lame,
Secretary State Board of Health.
SAN JOSE'S BOY THIEF
August Radtke, a Youth Nine
teen Years Old, Charged
With Burglary.
Stole a Watch From a Moorpark-
Avenue Dwelling and Sold It
for a Trifle.
SAN JOSE, Cal., April I.— August
Radtke, a 19-year-old boy, is under arrest
on the charge of robbing the residence of
A. W« Elliot on Moorpark avenue on
March 20. The house was entered during
the absence of the family and a lady's gold
watch and other jewelry taken.
Chief Kidward yesterday received infor
mation that the watch stolen from Elliot's
residence had been sold to Steve Price of
College Park for $4. Price said he pur
chased* the watch from James Dowling,
and Dowling and Radtke were subse
quently arrested. Dowling was afterward
discharged, as Radtke admitted giving him
the watch to sell. A charge of burglary
has been placed against Radtke.
SUES A BROTHER- IJS-L AW.
A Woman Retorts to Law to Enforce
' l'aytnent of a Debt.
SAN JOSE, Cal., April L— Mrs, Mary
A. Gilbert has commenced suit in the
Superior Court against Peter Gilbert to
recover $719 due on a promissory, note and
$100 alleged to be due for board ; and lodg
ing, and the Great Boston Teastore con
ducted by the defendant at Santa Clara
has b-u atta^L.J. > ; . .■ :^* .».;;." ;■
The parties to the action are residents
of Santa Clara and are related by mar
riage. About a year ago Mrs. Gilbert ad
vanced her brother-in-law $719 with which
to engage in the tea business. A few days
ago Mrs. Gilbert heard j that Gilbert was
about to ; dispose of | the store \ and \ leave
without settling his''- accounts, 'so she com
menced suit and attached the stock.
FOJt A Aid OPERA-HOUSE.
Organization of a Company With a Capi
tal Stock of $100,000.
SAN JOSE, Cal., April I.— The San Jose
Opera-house Company with a capital
stock of $100,000 baa been organized for the
purpose of erecting a first-class theater on
South Second street. The stock of the
company is divided into 5000 shares of the
value of $20 each and it is said that about
$40,000 has already been subscribed.
The following directors have been
elected: George B. McKee, A. Friant,
Mrs. S. L. Knox-Goodrich, F. E. Coyken
dall, L. M. Hale, T. S. Montgomery. The
temporary officers are: George B. McKee,
chairman; E. P. Casterhne, secretary; A.
Friant, treasurer, and H. V. Morehouse,
attorney.
Mountain View Cyclers Organi*e.
SAN JOSE, Cal., April I.— Articles in
corporating the Mountain* View Cyclers
were filed in the County Clerk's office to
day. The objects of the corporation is to
promote the interests of cycling and to
purchase real estate and erect a club house
at Mountain View. The capital stock is
placed at $10,000, divided into 2000 shares.
The corporation is to exist for fifty years.
The loHowing are named as directors:
P. W. Clark, P. H. Millberry, S. E. VVeil
heimer, Raymond Bubb, VV. 0, Mason, F.
L. Emerson" and F. E. Goodrich, all of
Mountain View.
The Itarron Litigation.
SAN JOSE, Cal., April L— Mary F. Bar
ron, executrix of the estate of William R.
Barron, deceased, to-day filed an answer
to the amended complaint of Edward An
drew Barron, the mulatto claimant to the
Edward Barron millions, in which she de
nies that Edward Barron ever recognized
the contestant as his own child or that he
ever provided fur him during his lifetime.
Odd Fellows Choose Iteleijates.
SAN JOSE, Cal., April I.— San Jose
Lodge No. 34, I. O. O. P., has elected
Thomas W. Carroll an.d A. Phillips dele
gates to the Grand Lodge, which meets in
San Francisco in May.
COW EKE A.T SACRAIUEXTO.
Gathering of Sunday-School Scholar*
Jh'rotn Over the State.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., April I.— The
State Sunday-school Convention com
menced its session here to-night, over 1000
persons being present. Delegates from all
over the State have been arriving all
day, ami the arrangements for their cx>m
fort and accommodation have been excel
lent. Ira Sankey, the celebrated evangel
ist, is here, and led the meeting. Mr. and
Mrs. George C. Ktebbins, the well-known
sweet singers, pave the convention a taste
of their musical ability.
Addresses of welcome were delivered by
Mrs. J. A. Mclntyre and the Rev. H. N.
Hoyt of this city and responded to by the
Rev. W. A. Gardner of San Francisco and
the Rev. John Hannon of Ukiah. Rev.
R. S. Cantine of San Jose delivered an ad
dress on "Why Hold Tnis Convention?"
Railroad Sale at /Seattle.
SEATTLE, Wash., April I.— The Seattle,
Lake Shore and Eastern Railroad will be
sold under foreclosure proceedings on
May 26. The sale, which is to be con
ducted by Chancellor Eben Smith, will
take place on the company's property in
this city. There is an indebtedness of
about $6,000,000 against the road, whicn is
227 miles in length. It is reported that
both the Canadian Pacific and the North
ern Pacific are after the property, but that
the bondholders may buy it for the pur
pose of better protecting their investment.
MILLIONS IN
A SITKA LAKE
JJntold Wealth Believed to
Be Hidden by the
Water.
HAS A GOLDEN BOTTOM.
Drainage Tunnel to Be Built
and the Yellow Sediment
Uncovered.
NATIVES WATCH FOR ANDREE
Will Aid the Aerial Navigator in His
Search for the Pole— The Rush
to the Yukon.
SEATTLE, Wash., April I.— Alaska ad
vices received by the steamer Willapa
which arrived in port from the north to
day say that enterprising Sitkans intend
to drain a laKe back of that staid old town
and gather by the wagon-load gold bullion
and dust that for centuries has been
brought down and accumulated in the
bed of the lake by glaciers. The project is
a grand one and commendatory of the
worthy spirits behind it. The outside
world will watch with as much interest
their progress as some Christian folk nave
done for the c^a of the world. The tun
nel will not be an extraordinarily long
one — only about 1000 feet — and it will run
water from the laKe, whose bottom is be
lieved to be paved with gold to a great
depth. The feeders for the lake are be
lieved to have been ancient glaciers which,
in their slow process of travel, have ground
up the mountains into debris and depos
ited precious metal along with sediment
in the lake bottom. Claims have already
been taken up and preparations for un
locking the secrets of glacier and lake are
to be pushed forward.
Another bit of sensational news from
Alaska is that the great ice-bound region
is being made aware of Professor Andrie's
proposed aerial trip to the North Pole, and
that the natives from Point Barrow to
Greenland, are looking forward with keen
interest to his appearance. The Pacific
Geographical Society has in hand the dis
semminating of the news, and letters have
been sent out by the commercial compa
nies doing business in Arctic Alaska, with
the request that the information be im
parted to all accessible natives, in order
that they may render assistance when
Professor Andrie and his balloon comes
their way.
Andrie, according to this society, which
claims to have been so notified by the
Minister from Norway and Sweden at
Washington City, will start from Spitz
bergen some time in July. This news will
be spread broadcast at Wrangel Land, off
the coast of Siberia, among the Tehutchis
tribe, which wbb so liberally rewarded
some years ago by this Government for as
sistance to American shipwrecked sailors,
by the steam whaler Orca, Captain Mc-
Gregor. The Orca, which is now en route,
will also go far east in the Arctic.
There is no abatement in the rush to
Alaska; on the contrary, the exodus is on
the increase, and by Saturday no less than
fifteen vessels, big and. little, with a pas
senger list of fully 1000 men and freight
and supplies in proportion will have sailed
from this port for the golden field to the
north.
The Indian mail-carrier, "Jimmy" Jack
son, who left Seattle early in the winter
with mail for the Yukon, has, it is re
ported by Robert Insle3 ? , who has just
made his way out of that country, proba
bly met the fate of the two newspaper
men — Hodge and McNelis — whom he de
serted and left to perish. When last seen
he v/as off the trail, and cold and hunger
had apparently unbalanced his mind. His
two Indian companions he had also left
behind, and he had thrown away much
mail matter.
A disease similar to hydrophobia is rap
idly carrying off the dogs taKen to Alaska.
Many canines have been shot and the loss
falls heavily upon their owners, owing to
the ditiiculty in replacing them.
BRUCE GOVERNS ARIZONA.
Hughes Surrenders His Office
to the Secretary of the
Territory.
Appointees of the Late Executive
Likely to Be Ousted by
Franklin.
PHOENIX, Ariz., April I.— Secretary
C. M. Bruce is acting Governor of Arizona
to-night. A telegram from J. M. Reynolds,
acting Secretary of the Interior, to Gov
ernor Huirhes, came this evening, direct
ing him to vacate the office and turn it
over to Secretary Bruce.
This Hughes did at 4:30 o'clock, stating
that he would consider himself Governor
until official notification of his removal
came from the President, who had com
missioned him ; but to avoid an unseemly
wrangie he would turn the office over to
Secretary Bruce. His friends prevailed
upon him to abandon his determination
to tight his removal before the Senate.
It is not believed that Governor Bruce
will make any radical changes amon><
office-holders, as his tenure of office will
only last until Governor Franklin is con-
Jinned by the Senate. When Governor
Franklin is installed a prettir fight is an
ticipated, as it is expected that he will
make a clean sweep ol Hughes' appointees,
and leading officers here say the Governor
has no right to remove an officer except
for cause.
WASHINGTON, D. C, April I.— lhe
Interior Department authorities, upon re
ceipt of a telegram from Territorial Secre
tary Bruce of Arizona that Governor
Hughes refused to vacate his office, to-day
sent the following to both gentlemen:
Louis C. Hughes, Phanix, Ariz.: You have
been removed from the office of Governor of
Arizona. The President directs that you turn
over the office to the Secretary at once.
Charles M. Bruce, Secretary of Arizona, Phoenix,
Ariz: Mr. Hughes lias been removed as Gover
nor. The President directs that you take pos
session of the office as acting Governor uuder
the law.
MeXntnara J-ound Guilty.
CARSON, Nev., April I.— William Mc-
Namara, alias "Buttermilk Jake." for
merly Superintendent of Public Instruc
tion in San Francisco, was to-day con
victed by a jury in the United States
court of selling liquor to Indians.
NEW TO-DAY. '.J:...,..^
(I I^^S hi
It's an awfully email price to quote, ain't
it, for lirst-class merchandise ? But we're
tirrn believers in advertising something ex- i
traordinarily special or keep our mouths
shut; when we crow we have something to
crow about or we don't crow at all.
Thursday, Friday and Saturday are the
only three days upon which these Suits
will be sold; don't like to do business
longer at that rate.
You that know how we conduct our sales
will naturally know in an instant what we
mean when we say that we're going to sell
on three days these 750 Suits, all brand
new styles, Suits that you cannot duplicate
in any other house in town under $12. We
3 ay
~57.00-
For pick, but for Thursday, Friday and
Saturday only.
There's a whirlwind of fun in this sale
for you. You'll appreciate the high-class
fabrics and the low price.
fc v^fc '•■^SL t r r ~~* ■ , *^= ■— ■ i - **^-**' g^-^ Svirf jß^ff tiP^tSPw r ' L
l^^^^L -'■ T 1 I ■* ■■ — s^^ it" SRfIK S^^sDwa^Bf »-.- m * V^ ~»
RAPHAEL'S
' (INCORPORATED). v
. . : & frisco boys,
9, 11, 13 and 15 Kearny Street.
A little joker which we held tip our
sleeve in reserve, as sort of an Easter sur-
prise for our competitors who thought,
when our $9.50 sale was at an end, that we
were not going to hold any more special
sales; they were congratulating them-
selves until this morning, whenjwe spring
this sort of an Easter surprise upon 'em.
How they relish it you will notice in
their advertisements to-morrow, as they
tumble over each other in their vain at-
tempts to imitate your big and popular
store.
The part of the surprise for them and
the part that you'll enjoy is that we have
taken some 500 pretty Suits, all brand new
Spring styles, in bright Spring colorings,
also about 2"-0 of those very choice Blue
Twill Cheviots, also in b.'ack, in Single and
Double Breasted Sacks and in Cutaways,
carefully tailored trarments, dressy gar-
ments, suitable for Easter wear and for all
dress occasions, earments as high in char-
acter a« any first-class tailor in the United
Stales can make, and say for pick,
34
STOCKTON MAN'S
FIGHT FOR LIFE
Andrea Vacaressa's . Futile j
Struggle Against an .
Assassin.
SLAIN IN HIS DWELLING
The Victim's Wife Under Arrest
. for Complicity in the
Killing.'
MURDER FOLLOWS A QUARREL.
Intimate Friend of the Woman Believed
to Have Assisted in the
Homicide.
STOCKTON, Cai,. April 1. — Andrea
Vacaressa, a bootblack who formerly kept
a stand in front of Eshbach's saloon, was
murdered last night. His wife is now in
jail on suspicion of having been implicated
in the homicide. The officers are confi
dent that Vacaressa was killed by her or by
her paramour and are now looking for the
latter. •
: Shortly after 1 o'clock this morning,
Mrs Vacaressa tushed from her house,
which is located on Washington street
two blocks east of East street, and ran to
the house of Manuel Silva. She awakened
Silva and told him that burglars had en
tered their home and were trying to kill
her husband. Silva did not feel like ven
turing alone into the place, so he sought
the aid of a neighbor, Antonio Kovetta.
With this neighbor and Mrs. Vacaressa he
went to the latter's home, but all three
were afraid to enter without further as
sistance. They. went to Constable Howe's
place, not far away, and aroused him.
Howe hurriedly dressed, but by this time
nearly a half hour had elapsed.
When the "Constable reached the place
he found the front door open and Vaca
ressa's body lying in the doorway. About I
. the man's neck was a small clothesline !
drawn tightly arid, tied to the knob of the
door. Blood was gushing from his nose,
mouth and ears, and he had been dead but
a few minutes.
There was every Indication that there
had been a desperate struggle, and the
house was in a state of disorder. The
drawers of the bureau had been aaken out j
and the contents strewn about. Several |
trunks had been ransacked, as though the j
work had been done by burglars. There i
■was no great amount of money in. the j
house, and Vacaressa possessed no valua
bles that would iempt thieves. ' ' ■
Howe ' notified the Sheriff office, and |
several deputies- hastened to the scene of i
the murder. Investigation led to the be- !
lief that death had not resulted from stran
gulation, but that the dead man had been
struck over the head with, some blunt in
strument and killed, that way. The rone
was not drawn tightly enough about the
neck to cause death, and the opinion of the
officers was that it was merely put there
to mislead them. There was blood on the
foot of the bed and blotches of blood on
the floor in the two rooms, indicating that
Vacaressa had been killed in the bedroom
" and the body dragged to the front door.
. The Sheriff's deputies soon learned that
the bootblack had a violent quarrel with
his wife earlier in the night and that they
were fighting, when a young man named
Hall, who lives in the neighborhood,
passed by the house. So violent' was the
quarrel that a pane of glass was broken.
It was also learned from Italians who j
knew the couple well. that the wife was !
enamored of another Italian, and that this
was the cause of much trouble between
her and her husband. '}■'..;'.
According to the story told the officers
by Mrs. Vacaressa, her . husband came
home intoxicated and went to .bed with
bis clothes on. This led to a quarrel be
tween them, but she claimed that their
troubles had ended and that he. was lying
on the bed when the burglars entered.
She at once/flew out of the house and
sought assistance. The officers doubted
her story and concluded to take her to
jail. Investigation to-day confirms the be
lief that the woman knows who killed her
husband: "*MjWßjWtjjjl^«<ffi
. District Attorney Nutter interviewed
Mrs. Vacaressa at the jail through an in
terpreter and had, her answers taken down
by a stenographer.
■ "I do not know, what time it was," said
the woman, "but it must have been after
1 o'clock, when a man came into the room
where I was lying in bed. He was tall
and wore a mask. He asked me for money,
" placing his fingers on my throat. I told
him I did not have any, except $2 or $3
which I had in .my dress lying near the
bed. I gave him, and then he de
manded more. I then told him that per
haps my husband had more money, but
that I had not. . My husband woke up
while we were talking and the man went
around the bed to where he was. - He then
attacked my husband and I ran out of the
room, taking the. children with me and
their clothes and mine. I put my dress
on outside of the house and went over to
Mr. Silva's place.. • There 1 asked for
shelter and told what had happened."
• ••Did the man speak to you in English
or Italian?" was asked.
- "He spoke in English," ■ replied Mrs.
Vacaressa. "There was only one burglar,
Be had on dark " : clothes, but I could not
tell anything else as to how he looked, for
I was so frightened. I. ran out of the house
;, as soon as he attacked my husband."
"Did the man have anything in his
hand?" asked the District Attorney. .
"Yes; he had .something that looked
like a round ball; in one hand, but I do
not know what it was. They were strug
gling when I left the house."
Mrs. Yacaressa said that she did not
scream or make any outcry to alarm the
neighbors after leaving the house, as she
was afraid the man would follow her ana
harm the children or herself. '
The investigation made by the District
Attorney and the deputy sheriffs this morn
ing early si. owed that the rope that was
tied about the murdered man's neck had
been cut from a clothesline in the back
yard,, the cut being a fresh one. The ,
watchdog that -is. usually tied in the yard
was missing, and- his collar was hanging
from the chain, where it had been cut
from him. The woman claimed to know
nothing- about the dog's disappearance,
but admitted he had been let loose by some
one earlier in the day and tied up again
toward night. - ■ '•-».'
The ■ lioi.t ;• door, near which the -. mur
. : ■ ■■-.:'
dered Vacaressa was found, had been
pried open with a chisel. The officers are
inclined to the belief that this was done as
a blind, as the woman was not asleep at
the time and claims to have heard no
noise until the man stood beside her by
the bed and spoKe to her.
The inquest to-night developed the fact
thai the murder must have been com
mitted by Mrs. Vacaressa herself, but the
Coroner's jury rendered a verdict of death
by strangulation at the hands of some
person or persons unknown. The District
Attorney will probably enter a formal
charge of murder against the woman to
morrow.
Combine of- linkers.
STOCKTON, Cal., April I.— The princi
pal baker? of this city have combined and
the result of their combine went into effect
to-day. They have been contemplating
the move for some time, but it was not un
til last night that the matter was trot into
definite shape. The bakers say that the
Combine is not for the purpose of getting a
"curner"' on bread, but simply to decide
upon a uniform price. Their action is di
rected at the restaurants and hotels partic
ularly and the restaurateurs and the
hotel men are wroth and threaten to refuse
to buy bread from any in the combine.
It has been the custom here for some
time for the suppliers of bread to the pub
lic eating-places to also furnish a boarder
or two to the "hotel or restaurant patroniz
ing them. Sometimes an employe of the
bakery would board at the hotel or res
taurant and he would get special rates,
while the bakery would be charged thu
regular price for his fare. Thus at the end
of each month the baker's bill would be
in part offset by the account of the res
taurant or hotei man. The bakers decided
to do away with that, so they fixed a
wholesale rate for bread to be furnished to
the restaurants and hotels for cash. A fine
of $100 was agreed upon as a penalty for
each violation of the compact.
Brewery for Stockton.
STOCKTON, Cal., April I.— Samuel
Henery, formerly Chief of Police of this
city, has returned from San Diego and
brings the news that Stockton has a good
chance to secure another big industry. A
number of Minneapolis men, he says, are
anxious to start a brewery in this "State,
and they are said to have expressed a
preference for Stockton. They will locate
the plant here, provided they can secure a
suitable site. A $75,000 brewery is now
being built in San Diego by Minneapolis
men, and one of the members of the com
pany told Mr. Henery that another com
pany would soon be organized in that city,
and would establish a brewing business in
this State and Stockton stood an excellent
chance of securing the plant. Mr. Hen-ary
will bring the matter to the attention of
the Commercial Association.
Woodbridye Canal Claims.
STOCKTON, Cal., April I.— An effort is
being made by the creditors of the Wood
bridge Canal Company to organize for the
purpose of bidding in the property of the
company to satisfy their claims. The
movement is headed by J. C. Thompson,
a capitalist of this city, and a number of
the other large creditors are also interested
in the movement. At present the system
is not paying, and is in the hands ot' E. C.
Chapman as receiver. Ever since its start
the concern has gone behind, and the men
who built the caual have not received the
money for their work. Altogether, ac
cording to Mr. Thompson, the company
owes something like $150,000.
Would Forgive His Wife.
STOCKTON-, Cal., April 1. — Hawky
Nelson, whose wife eloped from Temple
ton with Charles Paulson and was arrested
with the latter here yesterday, arrived
here to-night. He says that if his wife
will return home to her children he will
forgive her, but if not be will prosecute
her and Paulson. A constable will be heie
to-morrow night with warrants for their
arrest.
GUESTS OF SANTA
The Vanderbilt-Depew Party Shown the
Sights of the Pretty Town by
the Sea.
SANTA CRUZ, Cal., April I.— The Van
dorbilt-Depew party was entertained by
John R. Chace of the Sea Beach Hotel here
this afternoon. Upon the arrival of the
special train Mr. Chace, through Division
Superintendent Frasier of the Southern
Pacific, presented Mayor Effev, Liutenant-
Governor Jeter, Judge Logan of the Supe
rior Court and Richard Thompson of the
"\Vells-Fargo Express Company, and the
visitors, including their guests — George
R. Fearinc of Newport, John Hone of New
Jersey and C. F. Crocker of San Francisco,
were "taken by Mr. Chace for a drive over
the clifi road, returning to the Sea Beach
Hotel. They vis. ted several points of in
terest, passing Lighthouse point and
stopping at the residence of Judge
Logan, situated on an elevation
of. nearly 300 feet, from which
they gained a fine view of the surrounding
country and the Bea. Mr. Depew de
clared "this the grandest natural promi
nence that he bad seen in California, and
said the half hour spent there among the
flowers and trees would furnish the locals
for several after-dinner stories that would
be no discredit to California. Mr. Van
derbilt was far more free and expressive
than he is accredited with beine.
When they returned, the Santa Cruz
gentlemen spent a pleasant quarter ot an
hour in the cars, which, Mr. Vanderbilt
said, would have carried them 8000 miles
when they returned to New York.
"And out of twenty-two nights," he
added, speaking with some diffidence,
"we have spent eighteen in the cars. We
have every accommodation, every con
venience—and he Jooked with a show of
pride at the magnificent caparisoning— all
that one could ask traveling about the
country behind a locomotive."
"Except a telephone," remarked Mr.
Dejiew, dryly, without looking up from a
telegram he was writing.
"But we can tap the wires," rejoined
Mr, Vanderbilt, -with a si ight blush.
UKIAH SPORTSMEN ACT
Fish Commissioner Hollingsworth
Accused of Violating the
Game Laws.
Warrant for His Arrest Is Sworn Out
and He Will Be Vigorously
Prosecuted.
UKIAH, Cal., April I.— A warrant was
sworn out this afternoon charging J. D.
Hollingsworth, resident Fish Commis-:
sioner, with a misdemeanor in having
caught trout during the closed season. On
Monday evening a meeting of the Sports
men's Club wa.s held, at which a letter was
read charging Hollingsworth with having
committed this offense. The Commis
sioner was surprised at the accusation, but
finally acknowledged having been fishing
during February.
Hollingsworth had been particularly
active in the pursuit of illegal deer-hunters
and illicit trout-fishers, and only last week
had arrested a man from San Francisco
and succeeded in having him fined for |
trout-catching. The culprit was made to
pay $50, and Hoilincswood had gone to
the meeting of the Sportsmen's Club in
the expectation of receiving ttie informer's
portion of the reward, when the surprise
was sprung on him. The warrant was
sworn to by J. C. Ruddock, on behalf of
the club, and the offender will be severely
punished, it is said, in cuse he is con
victed.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, APRIL g, 1896.
MISS EUGENIE TURNER. .V/.<?.S ELLA TURNER. MIS? SALLIE NELSON.
ASPIRANTS FOR REDWOOD CITY'S CARNIVAL THRONE.
REDWOOD CITY'S
ROSE CARNIVAL
San Mateo Citizens Absorbed in
the Choosing of a
Queen.
FOUR NEW BOOTHS OPENED.
Three Pretty Misses Who Find Many
Admirers— Opera by Local
Talent.
REDWOOD CITY. Cal., April I.— The
carnival ball has just received a large j
! share of attention at a meeting of the rose
i carnival dir ctors. County Treasurer P.
| P. Chamberlain and ex-County Assessor
George W. Lovie will act with the directors \
• in making this function the success oF the >
i season. It will take place at the Alhambra
I Theater on Wednesday evening, April 29.
An important change was made by de
| ciding to hold the flower show at Germania
j HaU instead of at the Gymnasium. A high
; standard of merit will be aimed at in the
i floral exhibits, and a most interesting dis
| play of roses, foliage and decorative plants ;
: is assured. The great nurseries at Menlo
< Park will be represented, and one new ex
j hibitor will, among other things, show
; eighty varieties of sweet peas alone.
Renewed interest is being shown in the i
| voting for carnival queen, and to-day four
I new booths were opened in Redwood City, j
where ballots may be deposited. Miss j
Alta Turner, Miss Eugenia Turner and ;
I Miss Sallie Nelson are three charming
I young ladies who have been nominated,
and who will also take an active part in the
rose carnival.
] The conoert and operatic performance to
: be given at the Alhambra Theater on ;
Wednesday evening, April 8, for the bene- ;
fit of the fund for rose carnival floral :
[ awards, will include the second act of i
; "Martha," in costume; recitative and i
jewel song from "Faust," in costume, by i
Miss Florence Doyan, soprano; solo from
1 "Carmen," in costume, by Miss Daisy
\ May Cressy, the talented young contralto,
! and a full concert programme by dis
| tinguished artists.
SAXTA ROSA'S RIVALS.
Mrs. Burris Again. Wrests the Lead
From Miss Hnll.
SANTA ROSA, Cal., April I.— The re
sult of the voting for a carnival Queen to
day shows that there will be only two
belles in the race, out of the forty starters.
They are Mrs. L. W. Burris and Miss Sara
Hall. The bulk of the votes cast to-day
were for these two, as it has been thought
for several days that the honor would Tall
to one of them.
The large vote to-day resulted in placing
Mrs. Burris once more in the lead, by
something over a hundred votes. The
lead has alternated between Mrs. Burris
and Miss Hall for more than a week, re
sulting in a friendly rivalry that has en
rolled the whole town on one or the other
side. Either of the candidates would fill
the queenly office with a grace and dig
nity that would reflect credit upon the fes
tival. The voting will close on the even
ing of April 11.
SOLANO COUNTY PRESERVES.
Cordelia Shooting Club Will Make Another
Effort to Monopolize Hunting
Privileges.
BUISUN, Cal., April I.— A motion will
be made in the Superior Court of Solano
County to obtain a new trial in the case of
C. W. Kelloug, trustee of the Cordelia
Shooting Club, vs. William King et al.
An action was brought by this club last
November to restrain the defendants from
hunting on the Chamberlain tract, on the
ground that irreparable injury was done to
the hunting privileges of the m-mbers.
The case occupied the attention of
the court for some time, and much interest
was taken iii the proceedings. The de
fendants maintained that the club had no
legal existence and had a license only for
forty members to shoot over the grounds
in question.
The decipion of Judge Buckles Was
lengthy and covered every point advanced
by the respective counsel. The Judge was
opposed to the establishment of preserves
on the Suisun marshes, which he stated
savored strongly of English landlordism.
He denied the injunction asked for and
gave judgment for the defendants. Judge
Buckles maintained that the lease gave the
members of the Corrieiia Club a license,
for only forty members to shoot over the
ground, and they had no right to prevent
other people from going on the marshes to
hunt it they did not molest the lights of
others.
If the motion for a new trial is refused
an appeal will be made in the Supreme
Court.
PORTZAAD DAMAGE SVIT.
Cath Demanded for the Alienating of a
Hife'a Affi-rtiotiK.
PORTLAND. Or., April I.— Twenty-five
thousand dollars is the sum that Fred
Mossman demands from Captain Charles
Hill of the steamer Governor Newell, a
truding boat. Mossman claims that Cap
tain Hill alienated his wife's affections.
Hill is Mossman's brother-in-law and the
plaintiff was formerly employed by the de
lenJant on the boa. The case is "on trial
in the Circuit Court here.
D. L. Purcell, the mother of Mrs. Moss
man, testified that Mossman bore a good
reputation. He described a visit of his
son-in-law made to his house shortly after
he was informed by his wife that she had
been wronged by Hill against her will.
Mossman was greatly agitated. To Purcell
the man seemed to be in a desperate frame
of mind.
This afternoon, during the introduction
of testimony, the plaintiff offered the
deposition of""Captain" Minnie Hall, wile
of the defendant, who is now in Fran
cisco. Mrs. Hill states her knowledge of
*he occurrences set up as a basis for the
complaint for damages.
Captain Hill and his lawyers claim the
suit is an attempt to blackmail him, and
they will show in defense that it is partly
the result of a family row.
SANTA ROSA'S ELECT/ON.
Democrats Believed to Have Seated Their
Mayoralty Candidate After a Lively
Campaign.
SANTA ROSA, Cal., April I.— The live
liest city election for many years was held
here to-day. Nearly 1400 votes were cast,
being the most in the history of the city.
Tnere were three regular tickets in the
field— Democratic, ReDublican and Popu
j list— with independent candidates for
many offices. The offices of mayor, mar
shal, clerk, treasurer, city attorney, re- :
corder, assessor and street" commissioner
( were to be filled, and three councilmen
1 and five library trustees chosen.
The main fight was over the mayoralty
and the offices of Street Commissioner and
City Marshal. Over 450 votes were polled
in Precinct 2, which makes it impossible
to finish the count before morning.
From present indications the offices will
be evenly divided between the two old
, parties and the following gentlemen will
undoubtedly be selected:
Mayor, Dr. J. W. Jesse (D.); Marshal,
W. J. Steadman (R.); Clerk, C. W. Mob
ley (D.); Attorney, O. O. Webber (R.);
! Street Commissioner, John McMinn Sr.
; (D.); Assessor, EL L. Johnson (R.); Re
i corder, W. K. McCorkle (D.).
For Councilmen it is believed the Demo
crats will elect M. J. Bower and J. M. Car
ter, and W. B. Simpson, the Republican
\ candidate, will be the third. For library
■ trustees the result is still in doubt.
The official returns will not be given out
until a late ftbur in the morning, but un
less unlooked-for changes occur at the last
moment, the complete ticket will be a«
1 stated.
STANFORD GIRLS TRAINING
Captain McCray of the Basket-
Bali Team Regrets Lack
of Enthusiasm.
Fair Athletes Demand a Grant
Varsity Sweaters — Condition of
the Trackmen.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Cal.,
April 1. — The basket-ball girl* are meeting
with some of the discouragements which
overtake the other branches of athletics
here. First, there is the trouble of secur
ing Varsity sweaters for the members of
the team, and — worse still — the team
doesn't turn out enough players to permit
of a real game. Last evening there were
but eight Stanford girls on hand to meet !
the Castilleja team; but they managed to
win the game by a score of 4to 1. Captain
McCray can't understand why her players
do not enter with the required amount of
enthusiasm into the practice, when the
match with the Berkeley girls is to come
off so soon. Were it not for the Castilleja
girls, who volunteered to practice with
the Stanford team, the latter would be in
poor condition for actual work with its j
Berkeley rivals.
The trackmen are to have a training
table from now until the field day with
Berkeley. Most of the athletes are getting
back to work after the vacation. . The
track is in very poor condition, but will!'
probably be remedied before long. Most
of the runners are in fair condition now ;
and will merely have to maintain their
present state.
The glee ana mandolin chibs returned
from their southern tour last evening fa
tigued, but with pleasant recollections of
their trip. Treasurer Hinsdill, who ac
companied the clubs, states that they
came out loser to the extent of $200 or $30U,
but plans were under way for making up i
this deficit. Before the executive commit
tee permitted the clubs to make this trip
It required v cuarantee of $400, which was
given. In this manner the student body '
was protected against any loss. The gen- j
eral feeling here is that the clubs did ex
ceedingly well, considering that it was !
their first tour.
To-morrow atternoon Chauncey M. De
pew is to address the students in the f
chapel and everybody is planning to hear
the brilliant New Yorker.
Portland Druggists Fail.
PORTLAND, Or., April L — United
States District Judge Bellinger to-day in
chambers appointed F. K. Arnold re
ceiver for the wholesale drug firm of Snell,
Heitshu & Woodward, with bonds fixed at
$5000. This action was precipitated by
Munvon's Homeopathic Home Remedy
Company of Philadelphia, which las r t
week entered suit in attachment against
the drughouse for $2450 58. Tue London
and San Franrisco Bank is the heaviest
cieditor, and a trust deed covering the
drug firm's property, amounting to $60,
--000, was filed to-day conveying the prop
erty to the bank.
Suicide at Xouales.
NOGALES, Akiz., April I.— W. Webb
Sr., the father of Samuel F. Webb, Col
lector of Customs for the District of Ari
zona, committed suicide this afternoon by
shooting himself in the temple with a re
volver. Tue old gentleman had been ill
for six weeks, beinc delirious most of the
time. This afternoon tie eluded hia nurse,
secured a pistol, and walking about 100
yards away irom the house shot himself
through the brain, dying instantly.
SAN BERNARDINO'S
VOLCANIC CAVE
Discovery of the Probable Source
of the Arrowhead Hot
Springs.
FLAMES FROM A DEEP CAVERN.
Lake of Lava Uncovered by the Blast
of a Heavy Charge of
Dynamite.
SAN BERNARDINO, Cal., April I.—
A wonderful and interesting discovery has
been made near Arrowhead Sprincs by
Thomas Hatten, a pioneer resident of San
Bernardino, and tbe owner of a big ranch
near the foothills. He ha 3 found the proba
ble source of the warm water in and about
Arrowhead Springs.
Hatten on Tuesday started in quest of
sheep that were missing. Following an
old trail over Waterman Canyon, he came
upon p natural basin formed by rocks.
While gazing about the littievalley he saw
at a distance of about 350 yards a thin
white column of smoke issuing from be
hind a boulder. Believing it was a camp
fire, he went toward it to ascertain if the
campers hads-een his sheep. When Hatten
reached the rock he found no sign of life
and the smoke had disappeared.
Hatten determined to investigate. The
big bowider was in the way, and he went
to a quarry some distance away and pro
cured dynamite. One of the quarrymen,
named Burke, accompanied him back.
They put a big charge or dynamite under
the rock, and it was blown to atoms.
From the spot where the bowlder stood
issued a sheet of flames, throwing out in
tense heat. After the flames subsided the
men approached the spot and discovered a
cave of some depth, at the bottom of which
there appeared to be flowing lava. It will
probably be some time before the cavern
can be fully explored, owing to the intense
beat issuing from its mouth.
In various parts of the mountains in the
vicinity of this discovery are lava forma
tions. Scientists have been trying for
some time to fathom the origin of the
many warm springs in and about Arrow
head, but the honor of the discovery has
fallen to Hatten.
BUNKER HILL'S HOT SPRING.
Boiling Water With Medicinal Properties
From the Pipes of an Artesian
We/1.
SAN BERNARDINO, Cal., April I.—
An artesian well of hot water has been
struck at Bunker Hill, jnst south of this
city, on the Southern California motor
road.
When work was commenced on the well
the persons boring it had no idea of what
was in store for them. For nearly three
months past a steam well-borer has been
sinking a 7-inch pipe. After boring down
a few feet trouble commenced and more or
BIGGER I HYAMS, PAUSON & CO., I
•— — — S. E. Cor. Kearny and Post Sts. 1
BARGAINS r-— \ I
UnllUnlllU JMEN'SSUITSU I
— — — — — ©^|St3.so> Reduced to £jL H
MJfTU'W $8-50 HI
111 lO W BoyV Knee Suits '\1 J
—— — IB $5.00 Reduce.: to ■ a* H
turn/ WLfs9.obr $2.65 |jp 1
-±t DISSOLUTION SALE C I
— NOW'S S
want ( new a — • U I
TO goods! 11^ " I
SAVE V-—^ PONT 11
MONEY? WAIT. \\ I
=1 I (j
HYAMS. PAUSON 4 CO. -^r™~
Wholesale Manufacturers of F : Catling fIASUFACTURERS* H
:■'-■; felling Dree to >h ; rnblie, Eg
S. E. Corner Kearny ami fost Sts. I G QS T » 3
less difficulty was encountered until two
weeks ago, when the big pipe was lost and
broken. •
After several attempts to pull up the
pipe it was decided to run down a smaller
one. A five-inch pipe was placed inside of
the larger one and the work renewed.
When the iron tube was down 500 feet the
workmen met a peculiar obstruction in the
shape of an outburst of sand, steam and
hot water.
In a short time the lowlands were cov
ered with boiling water. The water rises
in a stream five inches in diameter to a
heig tof several inches above the mouth
of the pipe, and retains a temperature of
I<lß degrees. It is strongly impregnated
with sulphur and other chemical proper
ties, which fill the air with an unpleasant
odor.
Civil engineers in this city are of the
opinion that the water comes from the
same strata that furnishes the lamoiis
Arrowhead Hoi springs, to the nortli of
San Bernardino. Hundreds of people have
visited the w 11, and one person who
claims to be suffering from acute rheuma
tism says tluu he bat ed his arms in the
wuters and feit immediate relief.
BRIDGING THE MERCED
Satisfactory Progress Made by
the San Joaquin Valley
Road Constructors.
Grant Brothers Will Soon Move Their
Camp to the Chowchilla
River.
FRESNO, Cal., April I.— Assistant En
gineer Edes of the Valley Railroad was in
Fresno to-day. He reports very satisfac
tory progress in the work of construction
all along the line. The bridge now build
ing over the Tuolumne River will soon De
completed and the piling for the Merced
River bridge is nearly done. It is ex
pected that the bridge being built across
the Merced River will be completed son.c
time about the last of this month. The
work of laying the track between the
bridge and the town of Merced will require
but a few days time. Grant Brothers,
who have done most of the grading, will
do the grading through Madera County,
it is expected that they will move their
camp to the Chowchilla River within the
next ten days.
Work will be commenced on the San
Joaquin River bridge some time during
the latter part of April. The plans have
been completed and accepted, but ina
bility to secure the required timber for the
superstructure has necessarily delayed the
commencement of the work.
The committee of ten here has about
concluded its labors in securing rights-of
way through Fresno County. There are I
few small strips which have not yet been
purchased owine to the iailure of owners
to agree upon terms. As a rinal resort
these pieces of property will be made sub
ject to condemnation suits, which will be
instituted by the company in a few days.
tTO-ET-V SOX'S VLAIST DENIED.
Answer of Fretno Citizens to the Evan
gelist's Charges.
FRESNO, Ual., April I.— Evangelist
Johnson's complaint against five promi
nent, citizens of this city who were alleged
to have forced him to retract a statement
reflecting on the chastity of Fresno girls
was met by a prompt denial and answer
to-day as follows:
Now come the defendants named and, an
swering to the complaint of plaintiff herein,
allege and deny as follows, to wit:
That they have no information or belief
upon ttai- subject sufficient to enable them to
answer the lirst allegation contained in said
complai- 1, and placing their denial upon tiiat
ground, deny that the plaintiff la now, or at
any time hns been, a regularly, or in any man
ner, ordained minister of any church, or has
during any period of time, or is now, engaged
in any work of any church. Said defendants
deny that at any time or place these defend
ants, oreither of them, unlawfully, wrongfully,
or without right or authority, in any manner,
or against the will of the plaintiff," or other
wise, or by any force or threats whatever, or
otherwise, or in any manner oausng plaintiff
to fear any violence whatever, com
pelled .plaintiff to go to any office or
place whatever, or then or. there, or at any
time these defendants or either of them, in any
manner did unlawfully or wrongfully, or with
out right or authority, or otherwise, "or against
the will of said plaintiff, or otherwise, in any
manner detain plaintiff of his liberty for any
space of time whatever, or that the plaintiff
suffered any anguisli whatever, or was injured
in his fei-lings or otherwise, or reputation or
calling, or in any manner, to his damage in any
sum whatever. Wherefore said defendant's
pray that plaintiff take nothing against the de
fendants, and that they have judgment for the
costs of suit.
L. L. Cory, Horace Hawes and George A.
Nourse have been retained as defendant's
attorneys in the rase. They will go into
court to-morrow and ask that the case be
at once set for trial.
Stricken in a Woodland Court.
WOODLAND, Cal., April I.— Benjamin
F. Harlin. a pioneer resident of this county,
was stricken by paralysis his forenoon
while sitting as a juror in the Superior
Court. Mr. Harlin was granted permis
sion to leave the jury-box, saying that he
felt ill, but he could not rise from his
chair. He was removed to his home, where
he lies in an extremely critical condition.
I MAKE MAN.
Hutivan is Ktv'V^^^Wi Hiidyan cures
PremSiireS 8 HHUHs
. quickly. Over 2000 private endorsements.
Prematureness means impotency In the first (
stage. It is a symptom of seminal weakness
and barrenness. It can be stopped in 20 days
, by the use of Iludyan.
The new discovery was made by the Special-
ists of the old famous Hudson Medical Insti-
tute. It is the strongest vitalizer made. It is
very powerful, but harmless. Learn the grand
truth of health, make yourself a man again by
! using the Californian remedy. Voa can only
get it from the Hudson Medical Institute.
Write for free circulars. Send for testimonial*
; J and circulars free. ■
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
Stockton, Market and Ellis Sta. ""•
SAN FRANCISCO, CAL.
Lincrusta
WUJBaB— F
To meet the growing demand
. for " LINCRUSTA," a sweep-
ing reduction in price has been
made, and a large number of
. • new designs added to our
stock. . Call and examine.
Wall Paper and Decorating
in all its branches.
Q. W. CLARK & CO.
653 Market Street.
DA£AAI\
BABY
Carriages!
All onr Carriages have varnished bodies, elthei
Steel or Wood Wheels and Patent Brakes.
Canopy top, roll shape body, upholstered In
! Fabrlque de Luxe ..«g 50
Hood lop. rattan body, upholstered in Milan- (
alse or Bedford Cord : $g 73
Hood top, rattan body, fancy design, uphols-
tered in Milanaiseor Bedford Cord, - w th
'■: Plush R011............ ....$7 75 and $9 50
Canopy top, rattan body, scroll design $9 5J
Parasol top, rattan body, upholstered in All- A
- lunaise. Plush r011,....' ...; $10 00
; Hood top, Close woven body, upholstered in I
Bedford Cord. Plush roll ......?10 50
In addition we have a lart;eline of Parasol, Hoock
! and Canopy Top Carriages, in newest designs, bol-
j ies and upholstery, at lowest prices. \
We make a Specialty of Repairing Carriages. "
"GOLDEN RULE" {-
SEWING MACHINES
AT HALF THEIR VALUE. '
Special Until April 1, 1896.
i With 3 drawer 5.....'....;........ 817 M;
: With 6 Drawer 5 .............. '.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.!'.'.... 1 9' 35
GUARANTEED FOR FIVK YEARS.
INSTRUCTION FREE.
FOR SALE.
A GREAT BARGAIN
; THE HALE RANCH, MOUNTAIN \tf-\v
' Santa Clara County, two miles from Mountain
Mew Mat. on, five, miles from the- Stanford Ilni"
versfty, P.xlo Alto, ana ten miles from the oty of
ofin J 036. *
j 1700 Acres of the Choicest Land in the
Santa Clara Valley.
! OtTp.^a?^ SaCnHCe toc '«etheest.f
Large Vineyard, : Three Prune Orchards Fruit
Trees of all kinds and abundance of Water from m
• livin,- creek and numerous sprinsrs.
■ Large House of \ eleven :. rooms' Barns, sr »hina
• -^-.»
PRICE $85,000-OEY $50 PER ACRE.
The cheapest land ever offered In California. '
For all particulars apply to MoGLY.VN & MEN-
TON, Keai Estate Agents, . Room 22. Chronlcl*
Building, where photographs of the property c*» 'THE THREE DEUSS BABIES
They Will Be Buried in a
Trio of Little Snow-White
Coffins.
WITH MAMMA TO THE GRAVE
The Victims of the Recent Domestic
Tragedy Are Viewed by Thou
sands of People.
Dressed in. their everyday clothes, such
as they have been wearing at the kinder
garten, the three linle babies of Mrs. Olga.
l>euss lay, exposed to the public craze,
yesterday ana last evening in the Suhr
undertaking parlors on Mission street.
Gretchen, tbe eldest of the eirls, whose
eighth birthday and !u-r burial are to be
on the «ame day, was placed to her dead
mother's immediate ritrht, while little
Fredda and Carl, the still younger child,
were comfortably held on a narrow couch,
which would have been too small for v
grown person.
The Dack room of the undertaking estab-
The Throng of Sympathizers Viewing the Remains of Mrs. Olga Deuss and Her Three Babies in the
Undertaking Parlors on Mission Street.
li.-hment in which were laid the four vic
tims of the recent sad tragedy was turned
into a bower of plants ami flowers, and,
but for the hard lines of the mother's face
and her dark clothing, very little stretch
of imagination would have been necessary
to regard the babies as in life bur simulat
ing sleep. Their short ginsrnam dresses
reaching as low as the knees disclosed
plump little legs in black stockings and
ie<-t correctly encased in buttoned gaiters.
It was all -o different from the usual in
such cases. There was nothing aside from
the^ profusion of flowers that suggested
Vain. Tiie children looked as if they
were simply sleeping— posing, in fact, to
look their prettiest.
But there was no mistaking the
nature of the occasion. The &tory of
the dreadful tragedy which, in a night,
deprived • Ji. O. Deuss of his
loving wife and prattling babies
has become widely known. Mothers,
fathers, brothers and sisters throughout
this City who read of the triple murder
end suicide, and whose feelings were
touched even to tears, sought out the
temporary haven where the mother and
children were sheltered. They went there
to mingle their tears with those of a
heart-broken husband and fataer, and
Beltisbly seek in another's sorrow a grati
fication for the insignificance of their own.
Thorsands of men, women and children
■ l the bodies. A continual stream of
.: humanity poured in during theday
and night, elbowing and quarreling for
points of vantage and passing out on the
crow ded sidewalk to discuss with strangers
all the minute details of the tragedy.
Mr. Buhr found it absolutely imperative
to prol.ilii: some <5f the old crones from
going into the mortuary apartments, and
others he quietly showed to the door.
The funeral wili.- iake place this after
noon. Mrs. Deuss will be conveyed to the I
Odd Fellows 1 Cemetery in a hearse by her- !
self. Following will be the three little
children in their tiny white coffins all in j
one hearse.
The bodies will be placed in the public
vault awaiting the arrival ol Mrs. Deuss'
ter and sisters from Chicago and
Washington on Saturday next, when ar
rangements will be made to have them cre
mated, according to the last wish of the
mother.
As the debased lady belonged to no
church in particular Emil Liess of the Ger
man paper, Tageblatt, ■ free-thinker, will
deliver the funeral oration. Eight little
boyi from the Mission Turn Verein and a
like number of men will act as pall
bearers.
SANG FOR THE PAINTERS
A Number of Performers Aided
the Strikers' Entertain
ment.
The President Was Presented With a
Rose Palette and a White
Badge.
A thoroutrhlv successful entertainment
was at the Bush-street Theater last
nignt for the benelit of the striking paint
ers. The house- had been almost sold out
before the opening of the doors, and
though all the seat-holders were not pres
ent there was a large audience, which
joined in the choruses of a number of the
songs and cheered the performers on their
way with plenty of applause.
One of the most interesting features of
the entertainment was a presentation to
the president of the Painters' and Decora
tors' Union, J. W. Rose. This gentleman,
who was blandly unconscious of the honors
in store for him, had been decoyed into a
box close to the stage and persuaded to
remain there against his will till about
the midale of the performance, when he
was mysteriously requested to step on
the stage.
Fiskey Barnett, the stage manager, was
already waiting for Mr. Rose before the
footlights. As soon as that gentleman ap
peared he said, ''The first thing I will do
is to place this emblem on your breast,
and you well deserve it,' 1 and with these
I words Mr. Barnett {tinned a white badge
attached to a gilt star on the president's
coat. "There it is. Rose," added the stage
I manager, and he presented Mr. Rose with
j a large palette, composed of white roses,
| on which the word "Rose" was written in
! re»i rlowers.
j|Tlie president took the gift anirt great
! applause, and was about to retire when he
', was vociferously requested to make a
j speech. "I did not come here to make a
I speech, ladies and jientlenien," he replied.
''This is as much of a surprise to me as it
is to any one here," and then the presi
dent of the Painters' Union went on to
speak of the strike. "It is not alone the
; right of the painters," he said. "We feel
! that it is also a ticht for every man in the
: country who earns his living honestly by
work."
The entertainment was a long and varied
one and there were enough encores to
j more than treble the bill. The Swedish
| Singing ; Society, consisting of eighteen
1 male voices, opened the performance by
j singing Abt's "Morning Song'" in excel
lent style. Mr. yon Orr won much ap
piause for a violin solo and Gilbert and
j Goldie's specialties might possibly have
been going on still if the comedians had
; responded to all the encores that were de
| manded. Mme. Ellen Coursen Roeckel sang
"The Eagle and the Bear" in a spirited
manner, and Billie Morris, with cork
j blacked face, male jokes which caused the
; house to resound with laughter.
Miss Monterey sang several ditties in
j the choruses of some of which the audi
i ence joined; Bree gave some good banjo
; selections and a spirited song composed
j especially for the Painters' Union; Ida
Clayton's songs were joined in by the au
dience, the songs and dances of the Burtis
sisters were warmly applauded. Spick
ett's Irish specialties were amusing, Miss
Brightling and Ja petite Rosa performed
cleverly on the banjo, Silver and Wyatt
gave some good songs and dances, Joseph
ine Qaasmsn warbled some of her favorite
"itties and A. J. Holten and Miss Kittle
Bi'lyer appeared in specialties.
W. Danielsen was chairman of the enter
tainment committee. Its other members
were: W. .1. Moloney, Robert Barbee, Al
Feline and L. Tavlo'r.
Forget the Violets.
Among other characteristics of Walter
Savage Candor, the famous author, werd
Ins absent-mindedness and his passionate
love for animals and the vegetable world.
On one occasion, having suffered not long
before from leaving the key of his port
manteau behind him, he took special pre
cautions before starting on a journey to
see that his keys were in his Docket. When,
however, he produced them in triumph at
his journey's end, he found that he had
left the portmanteau behind! Landor,
though he often handled his fellow-men
somewhat roughly, hated to see an old
me felled, and even shrank from plucking
a rose. One morning he collared his man
cook and Hung him out of the window.
Then, ( suddenly remembering on what
"bed" in the garden the man would fall,
the flower-loving Landor exclaimed, "Good
heavens! I forgot the poor violets!"
An Idle Heaven ger.
* The bowels act the part of a scavenger, inasmuch
as i they remove i much of • the debris, the '.waste
effete matter of the system. ..When they grow idle
neglectful of duty, It is ' of . the utmost j Importance
that ■ they should j be ; impelled to ;' activity. ' Hos
tetter's Stomach Bitters effects this desirable ob
ject without griping them like a drastic purgative.
The Bitters is also efficacious lor. malaria, bilious,
dyspeptic and kidney trouble.' -  -. - -
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, APRIL 2, 1896.
IS HE THE STRANGLER?
Julius Festner of Omaha in a
Padded Cell in the Hos
pital.
HE INSULTS A YOUNG LADY.
His Description Tallies With That
Given by Irene Phillips and
Laura Petit.
A man who answers in every particular
the one who attempted to strangle Irene
Phillips at 304 Sutter street and Laura
Petit at 212 Ellis street, within the past
few days, is now in a padded cell in the
Receiving Hospital.
Last night between 10 and 11 o'clock a
young lady named Miss Fennell was walk
ing along Pine street, near Leavenworth,
on her way home, when a man accosted
her, making an insulting proposal. She
quickened her pace and he followed her;
then she broke into a run till she reached
her own house on Pine street, near Hyde.
She quickly opened the front door with
j the latch-key, and as she hastily shut the
! door the man was in front of it.
He tried to break open the door and the
noice attracted the attention of Policeman
John McLaughlin, who ran up and arrested
him. The man fought desperately and
, McLaughlin had a terrible struggle with
! him before he overpowered him and got
j the handcuffs on him.
The young lady told McLaughlin what.
I the man had done, and as he appeared to
be insane McLaughlin had him taken in
i the patrol wagon from the California
street station to the hospital, where he
was placed in a padded cell. It took five
men to pet him out of the wagon and into
the cell.
From papers and newspaper clippings
found in iris pocket he is Julius Festner,
son of G. C. Lestner, a prominent printer
of Omaha, Neb., and part proprietor of a
German newspaper there. He is a mar
ried man and was divorced from his wife
in 188H for attempting to choke her while
in a crazy mood, but they were remarried
in l^*y. She lives at 1355 South Seven
teenth street, Omaha. He is a n'usician
and took part in amateur entertainments.
A postal card in his pocket from a
friend in San Miguel was addressed to the
Golden West Hotel. Inquiry there elicited
the information that Festner registered
there from Omaha on March 22, but as he
conducted himself in a crazy manner he
L»ot his quietus on Monday last. It is not
known where he has been'living since.
Festner is a man about .HO years of age,
5 feet 9 inches tall, blonde mustache
curled at the ends, large blue eyes, light
long hair and dressed in a dark suit, light
overcoat and soft gray felt hat. This de
scription tallies exactly with that given
to the police by the Phillips and Petit
women.
These women will be asked by the police
to-day to have a look at him at the hos
pital to see if they can identify him.
Pie could not have been the man who
strangled Mamie McDermott and Bertha
Farad in, as he was apparently not in the
City then, but it is just possible he may
have told the Golden West people that he
had just arrived from Omaha when he
registered on March 22. but had been liv
ing somewhere else in the City before that
date.
Jteadlij Itoiler Jixpioaion.
CINCINNATI. Ohio, April I.— The
boiler of a portable sawmill exploded on
the Woodville Pike, four miles north of
Milford, this morning. Two men were
killed. Three men were injured, one
fatally and the others seriously. The
bodies of the two - men killed were torn
into fragments and the flesh was strewn
over a distance of 1000 feet. Legs, arms
and other portions of the bodies were
found hanging in the tree tops.
SERIOUS THAIS WRECK.
Two Cars Oo Over an Embankment-* A
Passenger Will /».>.
TARENTUM. Pa., April 1.--A wreck oc
curred this morning on the West Pennsyl
vania Railroad on the Butler branch. A
train struck a broken rail on a heavy
curve. The engine and front car passed
over in safety, but the two rear car 9 rolled
down a high embankment, and then
caught fire and were burned.
One man, a passeneer named McKelvy
of Butler, was so badly hurt that he will
probably die.
W. H\ Walker of Butler, C. J. McCaf
fertv of Sarversville, William Murphy,
William Gray, the brakeman, Conductor
DeWolfe and the baggage-master were
badly burned. The injured were removed
to the hotels.
THEATER MANAGER ROBBED.
A Dinner That Cost Him $5000 in
Money and Jewelry.
NEW YORK, N. V ., April The
Tribune this morning says: William Har
ris, the manager of the Garrick Theater,
went to Boston on a ; visit : last week and
was robbed of $5000. His home is in Bos
ton, and on the night that he was there ho
and his wife went out to dinner/When
they got home they found that the house
had been entered and robbed of money,
jewels and other valuables to the amount
named. : ■ ' '
No trace of the thief could be found, but
the next day a pocket-book containing
some of Mr. Harris' papers, which were of
value only to himself, was picked up on
the track of the Boston and Albany Kail
road. j ■■"- -•■-'.' ■- :-"■■' " ~ • •.■
INVOLUNTARY CONVERTS
Thousands of Christians Forced
to Embrace Mohammedan
ism or Death.
Moslem Fanaticism at Its Height in
Turkey, and a Reign of Terror
Exists.
BOSTON, Mass., April I.— Letters re
ceived in Boston from Turkey show that
the Moslem crusade continues. One cor
respondent says that there have been thou
sands of forced conversions, so called.
The central government and the local
government say that such conversions are
not genuine and cannot be accepted. The
pressure has been growing lighter, al
though where there is a mixed population
there is no Christian public worship. The
people are afraid to meet together, and
with good reason.
Where the churches and chapels have
not been destroyed they are daily detiled.
I know of five or six priests from different
parishes, and they tell the same story.
The priest of the village of Hoghi says
that he returned to his village a few days
ago, that his house was mobbed at night,
that he is in hiding among his parishion
ers and that he began to resume relieious
services in a private house because his
church had been defiled by the Turks.
But the Turks forbade this service, and it
has been given up. The Protestant pastor
has not ventured to return.
The Turkish fast of Damazar began a
week ago. Moslem fanaticism is mani
fested more during these fasts than at
other times. Just about us we hare seen
no special display of it, but in distant Vil
lages a reign of terror has begun. The
Armenians who professed Mohammed
anism to save their lives are told that un
less they keep the fast they will be treated
as renegades, and the fate of renegades is
death. In other places, without anything
being said abovit the fast, they are told:
"We know that your profession is a farce,
but having made it, you are renegades,
and it is our duty to treat you as such."
Several persons who have fled from their
villages have asked what they can do. For
three months past we have made con
tinual representations through the proper
channels for information of the representa
tives of the Christian powers in Constanti
nople, as well as the local authorities, but
it has produced no visible effect.
A CONDITIONAL PARDON
Preacher - Swindler Howard's
Accomplices Are Released
From State Prison.
But They Must Keep Themselves
Within Reach of the Government
for Emergencies.
COLUMBUS, Ohio, April I.— Warden
James of the State prison here, where C l .
B. F. Howard, the notorious preacher
swindler, and his associates are confined,
received a telegram from the Department
of Justice at "Washington to-day announc
ing that pardon papers for William G.
Gleeson, George H. Heatley and E. H.
Brockaway, the associates of Howard, have
been mailed to them.
Four persons were convicted with How
ard, one of whom, Edgar Smith, recently
died. They always claimed that they were
duped into the work by Howard, and the
Government evidently believes the story.
Howard's scheme was to defraud persons,
to whom he represented that there were
large fortunes waiting for them in Eng
land. Twenty-one indictments were found
against him. His conviction is said to
have cost the Government $75,000.
The pardons are granted upon the con
dition that these persons shall report their
place of residence to the United States
District Attorney for the Eastern District
of Tennessee and keep him informed of
any change of residence. They are to hold
themselves in readiness to appear at any
time as witnesses against Howard, who is
trying to get his liberty, and whom the
Government is anxious to convict on other
charges.
Bluejay Conspirator* Punished.
DENVER. Colo., April I.— The board of
directors of the Colorado Mining Ex
change to-day expelled John H. Boyer,
suspended A. W. King and fined C. W.
Randall $200 and F. R. Snuff $100 for con
spiracy in ihu recent Bluejay corner.
King is to be expelled at the end of sixty
days, unless he consents to testify as to
the manipulations of the Bluejay deal.
Disappearance of an Embezzler.
LINCOLN, Nebr., April I.— Great anx
iety is being felt by the friends and rela
tives over the disapperaance of Maxey
Cobb, County Treasurer of Lancaster
County, whose shortage of |35,000 was re
cently discovered. Cobb has not been seen
for three days past. Fears are expressed
that he has taken his life while in a tit of
despondency.
: Journals, ledgers, cash and • record ; books,
typewriter • papers, ; billheads, letter-heads,
statements—in fact all blank books and print
ing for office purposes. ; Sanborn, Vail & Co.,
741 Market street, v . -•,
TO INGLESIDE AGAIN
Eight Events Decided the Clos
ing Day at the Bay
District.
FAVORITES BACK IN THE RUCK
Libertine Beaten by Bellicoso in the
Handicap— Crescendo Downed
George Miller.
The California Jockey Club closed its
two weeks' meeting at the Bay District
track yesterday with a very lengthy and
"THE CALL" RACING CHART.
porty-eisjhth day of the California Jockey Club's Winter fleeting, iß9s-96. Bay District
'Track. Wednesday. April i, 18v6. Weather fine. Track good.
942 • FIRBT -KACE— Five furlongs; selling; four-year-olds and upward; conditions;, purse $300.
Horse, age, weight.
Fin.
Betting.
Op. Cl.
928
928
928
850
932
902
928
407
753
928
876
"'Bl s'
Johnny ( 'apron. 4 1
Yreka, 4 1
Arno, 4 1;
Oeo 1 •iclcensoii. a.l
IJoe Hill, a l;
Judge Tarn, 4 1
Harry Lewis, 5.. .1
Wag, 5 l:
Bert, 5 1:
Jim Corbett, 6 l:
Manford, 5 1
Red Wing, 5 1
Hal Fisher, a 1
2
I .5
4
1
< «
11
! 10
a
i . 9
: s
I 13
7
12
31
4V 2
6u
1 h
73
j 10 1
' 12 1
Las
9 3
8h
11 1
5 h
13
1 h
31
S3*
5
7
10
' 6 .
11
9
12
8
13
! ; -
12
2 h
3 h
44
5 2
6 2
7 1
81
9y a
10 i
11 B
12 3
13
W. Clancy..
iHennessy
5hie1d5...;......
lot
Shaw
Snider
Capps
Ames
I Bozeman
Swift
Wilkins
D. Murphy
Merritt
6
6
2
6
16
15
■10
16
30
leo
15
!60
I IB
10
7
3
10
7
15
8
15
200
300
12
200
8
|(ilover
Starting-gate used.
Won handily. Winner, C. 1. Thacker's b. g., by Bid-Mollie Capron. Time, 1 :04
Q4O SECOND KACF-Seven furlongs:
*J ttO.ances; purse $400.
; allow-
Horse, age, weight.
St.
[ Betting.
jOp. Cl.
931
(919)
937
919
896
(918),
907 ■■
Unity, 3 101 4
Ike L, 4 .109 1
iTonino, 3 9f> 2
I Decision, 3 93 3
IHyDy.a. 109 7
Perhaps, 3 96 6
AsnlndKclijisclKir, 5
33*
1 h
2 5
7
*Vk
6 2
64
3 U/a
1 h
7
4h
6 2
4 1
33
2 4*
7
5 2
65
4 a
8 8
lh
2 2
7
6 8
6 2
1 2
2 3
3 h
44
5 Va
66
7
Cochran
Hennossy
E. Jones
Garner
Piggott
J. Johnson
Shaw
2 13-10
6 8
5 6
5 8
10 30
4 3
100 80
Btarting-gate used. Won eaßlly. Winner, L. Ezell's eh. g., by imp, Rosslngton-Unlte. Time, 1:331/4-
Q44 THIRD RACE— Five furlongs; selling; four-year-olds and upward; conditions: purse $300.
Horse, age, weight.
260 Elmer F, 6 137 i
930 America, 4.. 132
932 Huntsman, 6 137
740 jClare N, 5 137
928 1 Raphael, 5 137
824 I Telia 3, a 136
928 Rocket, & 137
869 i.Mlddleton, 6 137
918 iSoledad, a. 137
918 Mt. Roy, 5 137
909 ! Crackajack, a 137
90S I AddieChipman, 6.135
1 7
i 2
1
i <*
i 8
I 12
! 11
i 5
I 3
i 9
' 4
10
I
8 Va
3 1
5 h .
1 3
94
11 3
10 3
61
2 h
u>
12
::::::::
1
h
1
9
1 4
2 1
Sh
4h
61
6 1
71
8 Va
94
10 4
11 10
12
Shields
Hennessey
W. Clancy
Deming
C. Slaughter
Ames
Snider
Beauchamp
Capps
W. Hill
Swift
Shaver
5
8
1
100
20
20
20
25
15
40
40
I
1
h
Starting-gate used. Won easily. Winner, F. Phillips' blk. g., by Portland-Fantasia. Time, 1:023/4.
945 FOURTH
The April special; purse, $700.
Index.
933
(933)
(920)
924
939
Horse, age, weight. | dt. \+
Bellicose 4 1061-4 24
Libertine, 5 123 3 3Va
I Sallle Clicquot, 8. 92 1 lh
i^ervlce, 6 112 2 6
! Flashlight. 4 85 5 1< 2
13
31
2 4
4 1
5
1 3
33
22
4 5
6
Str. j Fin. j Jockeys.
13 18 jr. Sloan
3Va 2h Macklin
2 3 3 2V 2 K. Jones
4 6 4 6 Shields
6 5 Frawley
Betting.
Op. Cl.
4 3
4-5 6-5
2 11-5
20 50
SO 200
Starting-gate used. Won easily. Winner, Pueblo stable's b. h. by Peel-imp. Janet X. Time,
1:27.
946. FIFTH
six hurdles; handicap; purse $400.
Index. I Horse, age, weight. St. Std. >i
(925) Sir Reel, 6 142 ?!l4 16
911 iArundel, 6 128 8 5b 4 4
876 April, a 135 2|3 1 2h
921 (Esporance, 6 128 3|B 3 7Va
886 jTom Clarke, 4. ...137 8|72 810
911 JOC. 4 132 9!9 9
169 j Loch invar. 6 125 614h 61
911 ITheLnrk. 5 148 416 1 3h
869 Imp. Empire, a. ..120 1 |2 Vs l« Va
% % str. I Fin.
1414 16 13
2 2 2 4 2 5 2V a
31 36: 34 32
6 1 15 5 4V 2 4 h
5 1 43 56 15 15
9 310 7 6 6
7 2 7 3 .8 7 1
4 1 6Va 6 850
8 4 9 9.9
Spencer
Hennessv
W., Clancy
Galindo.
Betting.
Op. CL
2-0
5
4
20
5
25
5
10
7-5
7
30
8
10
200
5
40
Peters
Swift
Freeman
Allmark
Ambrose
947. SIXTU
Index.
Horse, age, weight.
Jockeys.
805
930
923
930
653
912
628
766
936
930
I Road Wanner, 8.. !
I. n«'- Chance, 8....1
! Seruphln, 4 1'
! Banjo. 5 1
i Una Que A mo, 3..
Myron, 4 1 1
IVallente, 3
I Marionette, 3
iMt. Air. 4 1
'King Craft, 5......1
2
4
5
1
9
' 8
10
7
6
8
•■•■••••
1 4
74
2 Va
41/ a
8 2
31
10
91
5 11
62
1 3
5 1 a
2 h
61
7 Va
3 2
10
84
4 h
9 2
1 5
43
2 1
5 3
i y *
8
6
9
13 C. Slaughter. . . .
2 4 H. Martin ......
3 1 £. Jones
4 3 Shaw ........
6 2 Garner ..
6 2 A me?
7 3 Mclntyre......:.
8 1 /] Cochran.. .'.
"9 10 Bozeman.
10 :■;-,■ |l>owell ..;
6
12
6-5
12
7
40
30
6
12
30
7
7
7-5
10
8
100
160
10
8
40
I
j
Starting-gate used. Won easily. Winner, B. Kdsall's b. g., by Frank Rhoades-Belle.
1:011/2-
Time,
Q/l Q SKVENTH RACE— Six
y^O. $400.
upward;
; purse
Index.
' Crescendo, 3 '.
[George Miller, 6..
|Rlcardo, 5
Horse, age, weight.
3
'1
1
2 4
o
»i Str. Fin.
~2~6 310 11
13 13 2 IB
I 3 3 3
T. Sloan
E. Jones
Fitzgerald
JocWeys.
1-4
4
50
7-20
11-5
300
.*-**-
Starting-gate used.
l:l3Va-
easily.
by Flambeau-imp. Janet F. Time,
•■.■•". . ■ • ■ :
QAQ EIGHTH
Index.
Horse, age, we!ght.
%
Betting.
>p. Cl.
*<t. Lee, 8
I Scimitar, 3
Rosebud, 4
! Peter 11, 4 :
•2
4
1
3
2 Va
lh
3 IV.
2 IVa
4
1 h
3b
52*
1 1
4V-V-
-23
33
1 h
4
34
4
Garner
Pigirott
E. Jones
Cochran
3
8'
1-2
10
8
4
2-5
20
used. Won cleverly. Winner, S. C. Hildreth'a b. c, by imp. St. George-Leve*. Time,
"THE CALL" RACING GUIDE.
To-day's Entries at Ingleaide Track.
. In races where, the tones have no record M the distance to be run the records at the next nearest
tflßtance are given. . •
Abbreviations— F., fast; Fa., fair: H., heavy; m., mile; 1, furlong; •. about.
FIRST RACE— HaIf
Best
record.
Owner.
«
Index.
Name.
917
842
903
if-9
929
877
952
938
|I)uro II
!Bister Adelle...l'
Karly No 1ce...il
St. Dunstan ...II
|Tortoise | !
Knielia S 1
Ilohenzlolern... li
[L0ve11uht. ...... '
Ist. Kilrta 1
'Scarborough 1
jWallabn 1
;(.'harlemanee. . . H
110
108
98
110
113
110
108
— v.v;
::::::::
....
....
Lone stable
E. corripan
Burns,! Waterhouse
D. A. llonig
K. Powe
P. Mitchell
Elmwood s"k farm.
Del Mi'iite stable. ..
] Three Cheers-Mollie 8
' Ri ley-Sisterly
Take Notice-Early Rose
■ St. Carlo-Manlee
IBrowu Fox-Turnuolse
iTake Notice-Whisb»n
ilmp. Bnitus-Brown Maria
|Kacine-inip. Flirt
Xl Rio Rey-Fonsetta
illyder Ali-Walnut
St. Carlo-Muta
890
862
778
Atkln <fe Lottridnce..
iC. E. Hutchinson ..
W. OH. Macdonoßh
1........
BKCOND RACK-six furlongs: selling.
i Item
Name. Lbs 'record.
Kowalsky 96: 1:15
Tim Murphy ... 107 j 1:14
My Sweetheart. 1 102 1 I :O5Vi
Wm. Pinkerton 97|1:16Vi
Gallant 107i1:32i/a
Ida Saver 102 1:10
Pelxotto 9311:03
Toano 107 1:14%
6f
6f
5 f
! 6f
7f
*6f
5 f
6f
1 Tk.
, F..
F..
■!H..
:F..
iEm
1 H..
:|H..
IF..
E. Corrlgan
White & Clarke....
W.H. .Schooler
S. C. Hildreth
A. B. Spreckels
G. L. Bill
K. W. Roborts
jWm. Bloombaugn. .
Imp. Kyrle
Major Ban-]
Shannon-Fannie Lewis
Felloweharm-Jnie Relshaw
Joe Hooker-AddieO'Nell
jimp Brntus-by Kelpie
I Longfellow-Salara
RACE—
Bent
record.
Owner.
Name.
Lbsj
Lbt Tk.
i
Pedigree.
911
884
939
924
931
; My Luck 103
I Fred Gardner. . . 105
Oakland JlO2
[Pepper 98
iFllrtilla I 93
2:36
2:09V 2
3:591.4!
3:osV*i
I^B m
2V* m
;1% m
l
"W F...
110 F...
100 Fa.
100 F...
S. C. Hildreth
F. M. Taylor
Oakland stable
• Dick Whittngtn-LucSnow
Luke Black burn-Ennlade
Joftn A-Alameda
H i ndoo- Franceses
! Pcel-Faustine
IP. Di
|O. A|
P. Dunne
O. Appleby
Index.
iFortuna |:
Trix
'Bellringer.
ilke L I
AclolphSprcckis
Jo« Terry i
j Foremost '.
i Clara Johnson..
i Uncle Giles . ... '.
Italic Murphy.. l
Best
Record
1:55 '
1:55
1:16V4
1:34^
l:OBV«i
1:17
l:49»/i
1:07 V*
1:54
1:42%
iy 8 m
IVsm
17 f
if
6f
i 1 l-16m
51
lVsm
1 m
I
Lbs Tfc.
951F..
105JF..
106 F..
119 F..
114 U.!
107!H..
9'2jFa.
99 H..1
104 F..1
97 F..
'Encino stable Imp. Brutus-Viola Rea
T. Sloan I Freeman-Annie L
F. M. Taylor iTroubador-Bosque Bell*
Garden City stable. .Major Kan-Misi Flush
E. (orritan Isaac Murphy-Jennie Tracy
ißurn»4\Vnterhouse Flambeau-Imp. Teardrop
lA. B. Spreckels....! Flood-Imp. Queen Bess
iM. Johnson IXI Rio Rev- Valeric
Nevada stable El uio Rey-HettleHumphry
!!*■ Ezell Ellas Lawrence-PnncsGlen
Owner.
(H»9)
941
931
926
864
888
898
Magnet
Logan. :..'... .rr.
Governor Bu d.
Name.
I Best
{ Lbs record. Dlst.
116 1 :28Va 7f
119 l:4o<j, lm
Hfi l:01V 3 5f
90 1:»3Vi17 f
105. 1:29% |7 f
97 1:20 y 3 6MI t
IO61 1:29 Va'7f
I Fa
|F..
F..
!h..
|F..
F..
F..
D. A. I lonia
A. Shields
Woodlawn stable.. .
G. B. Morns <fcCo..
A. B. SprecKels
W. B. Sink
H. T. Griffin
Imp. St. Blaise-Magnetic
Voltteeur-Pert
Fresno-Ko?a G
Imp. Sir Modred-Playthlng
Im p. Dnrebin-Carrte C
lm p. Wood airnls S!s:.-r
Sir Dlxon-Vassar
Sir Play
sir
Sam Leake
Sister Mary. ....
Sir Vassar
'Sir
;; hurdle.
I Beat
Lba record.
Jtdmc.
892
946
94 5
865
926
865
(946),
more.. ..
2:22
> 2:46
Brenock
T. Clifton
. Daly
. Corrigan
. F. Johnson
. O. Blakely.
IffiOM stable.
Jin Ochlltree-!i<adte E
ildidle-by Monday
lester-Qii een of t be Nation
utberford-Josie C
d-by Reveille
rk
plre
10........
o
liarDuzy Blond*
varied programme. The eight different
events decided gave both the "dogs" and
the stake horses an opportunity of win
ning a purse, the first named being greatly
in the majority. The sport was good and
the attendance above the average.
Eddie Jones had many followers, but
experienced a run of ill luck, failing to
land a winner.
The followers of the favorites were also
badly routed, for but three managed to
reach the wire in front. Thirteen book
makers had their shingles up in the ring
and nearly all added to their "bank rolls."
It is very seldom that the conditions of
the races will allow the owner of Libertine
to start the big sprinter. When he does
get an opportunity ana manages to annex
a purse the next time he is entered the
handicapper feels it his autv to weight
him with a seven-story brick building and
a few tons of pig-iron. In the seven-fur
lonjfhandicap he was asked to pick up 123
pounds against the coast record-holder
Bellicoso, with 10t> pounds up. He was
made a 6 to 5 favorite, with Sallie Clicquot
ruling a strong second rhoice at 11 to 5,
around post time. Sallie went out to
make the running, but was deliberatelr
cut off by Sloan on Bellicoso at the four
and a half furlong pole. The latter then
had things all his own way, winning by a
length and a half in 1:27. The favorite
finished gamely, snatching the place from
Sallie Clicquot by a head.
Thirteen platers went to the post in the
opening event, a five-furlong scramble.
Arno was made a 3 to 1 favorite, but fin
ished third. Johnny Capron, a 15 to 1
shot, with W. Clancy up, took the lead in
the stretch and won easily from Yreka.
A favorite finally captured a race run
over the inside course. The distance was
seven furlones and Louis Ezell's Unity
was hammered down from twos to 13 to 10.
After looking to be out of it, he came with a
fine burst of speed at the end, passing the
wire a long length before Ike L.
The third race, another j^ieap five-fur
long dash, was taken very nandily by El
mer F. ridden by Shields, with post odds
of 5 to 1 against him. America, 8 long
priced outsider, was second, with the 7 to
5 favorite, Huntsman, in the show.
The mile and a half hurdle handicap
proved a go^d thing for Sir Reel, played
down from twos to 3 to 2. Spence sent
him out in front after taking the first
jump and, never headed, won easily by
three lengths. Arundul received the place
in a drive from April.
The race following tUc "leppers" was a
five-furlong tour for horses that through
various causes, acrobatic and otherwise,
had failed to gather in a purse since the
beginning of the present year. Seraphin
was a hot 7 to 5 choice in the betting, but
Road Warmer, who has been "just the
thing" on several occasions during the
past, led from the jump and won easily by
three lengths. Last Chance came fast
through the stretch, easily downing the
favorite for the place.
The owner of Ricardo probably consid
ered it quite an honor to start against such
a duo of sprinters as Crescendo and George
Miller and sent the chestnut out to get a
fleeting glimpse of the pair. The distance
was six furlongs and the great California
colt was a 7 to 20 favorite. He indulged
Miller with the lead until well on toward
the wire, when he headed him and won
comfortably by a Jength in 1:13)£.
The Burns 6c Waterhouse entry, Rose
bud, dumped the lovers of short-priced
horses hard in the last race, a mile run.
The mare was a 2 to 5 choice in the ring
and after running under a pull well into
the stretch was passed by both St. Lee and
Scimetar, the former winning by a length
in 1-Al%. The winner was quoted at 4 to 1
in the betting.
Traok and Paddock Notes.
Following the usual custom, this will bo
"Ladies' day" at Ingleside track.
Insrleside track will reopen to-day with
the Crocker staKe at two and a half miles
as the great attraction. All of the other
events are also well filled.
A. D. Carson will take the place of B. F.
Fly as patrol judge, the first-named turf
man now taking the place of clerk of the
scales.
The contract has been let for the mac
nificent new clubhouse. The building
will be finished by October 1 and will cost
the club $20,000.
Interruption by the Court.
Lord Chief Justice Erie was prone to ln
terruDt counsel when it was found that
the Judges had already made up their
minds against him. On one occasion Mr.
Bovill, Q. C, soon afterward made a Judge,
was stopped with: "Here we stand, we
four men, and we have all firmly (empha
sizing the adverb) made up our miudsthat
there must be a new trial ; but if you think
it worth your while going on after that
(playfully), why of course we'll keep on
hearing you." Whereupon the Q. C.
laughingly sat down.
On another occasion he again inter
rupted with, "I beg to inform the counsel
there is a time in the mind of every man
at which he lets down the floodgates of hi 3
understanding, and allows not one more
drop to enter, and that time in my mind
has fully arrived."
• — ♦ — • .
It is the habit of & well-known English
statesman when traveling abroad alone to
fasten above his bed each night a slip of
paper on which is written instructions as
to what should be done in the event of hit
dying suddenly.
TOY'S VEGETABLE SARSAPARILLA
r 1 will brine to your cheek the pink 01
health, the roses of life.
</ors
TOY'S VEGETABLE SARSAPARILLA
" takes away the surplus bile and leaves
the liver in perfect order. It is a truelivtx
regulator. . . .. •.. •. .
*£&*£»
TOY'S VEGETABLE SARSAPARILLA.
V acts on the \ bowels gently. There are
no griping pains,' no ■ nauseating feelings.
Women who wish to be regular should usa
Joy's Vegetable Sarsaparilla. It is a boweJ
regulator. . .
pATARRH FOLLOWS IN THE WAKE
of a cold in the head. When you suffer
from Catarrh put your system in good
condition, and this you can do with -Joy's
Vegetable Sarsaparilla. ' •
\/0y&
: TOY'S VEGETABLE SARSAPARILLA
can be used by old or younar. Take it
moderately. Remember that \ moderation
• ;
56
©» €ran . afall
CHARLES M. SHORTRIDOE,
.-.. Editor and Proprietor- '  '
SUBSCRIPTION RATRS-Poslace Free:
Tilly and Sunday Cam., one week, by carrier.. 50.15;
Dbilr and Sunday Call, one year, by mall ... 6.00
Dally and Sunday Call. nix months, by mall.. 8.00
Dally and Sunday Cai.j., three months by mall 1.80
Daily and Sunday Call, one month, by mail.. .65
Sunday Call, one year, by mail .. 1-60
Weekly Call, one year, by mall 1.60
BUSINESS OFFICE:
710 Market Street,
- -San Francisco, California.
ftlepbone .....; Main—
EDITORIAL ROOMS:
517 Clay Street.
felephone - Main—
BRANCH OFFICES":
6.80 Montgomery street, corner Clay, open until
1:30 o'clock. • '
839 Hayes street: open until fl:30 o'clock.
. 713 LarKi? Bfreet: open until 9:80 o'clock.
fcW. corner fcixteentb. and Mission streets; open
. entil 9 o'clock. ■
2518 Mission street: open until 9 o'cloclC
116 Mum street; open until 9 o'clock.
OAKLAND OFFICE :
BUS Broadway.
EASTERN OFFICE*.
Rooms SI and 82, 34 Park Row, New York City.
DAVID M. FOLTZ, Special Agent.
THURSDAY. I... APRIL 2, 1890
THE CALL SPEAKS FOR ALL.
The cry of the people : "Kill the funding
bill."
Foreclosure is the law; funding is a
dodge.
The war rumor* in Europe sound more
and n;ore like a roar.
There were :ots of fools iv. the world yes
tenlay and just about as many to-day.
California counts on all her delegates to
*?ht the monopoly from start to finish.
, The protest., of the people against the'
funding bill grows louder as the final fight
draws nearer. BrBSESS
According to the official showing Uncle
Sam's National banks are rich enough to
buy us all a farm.
The best we can do for our Minneapolis
visitors is to give them a lot of sunshine to
take home with them*
Free coinage and protection are dis
tinct issues^ of course, but they have suffi
cient affinity to mix well.
Tlie bond issues must be investigated.
The syndicate got the money and the
people-must have the facts.
To the German suarar-growert the Cuban
war is a providential dispensation, and
they are praying for a continuance.
This is not a yellow-dos year, for the
very sufficing reason that there are no
Boeb animals in the Republican ranks.
The Interstate Commerce Commission
always has it-; hands tall, but seems to lack
sufficient power to handle all it catches.
For all refunding schemes each house
of Congress should resolve itself into a
slanghtrr-house and get ready for work.
F.nin, hail, sleet, snrov, thunder, light
ning and wind is the kind of weather
Minneapolis gets when the Mayor is away.
As Weyler demands more troops from
Spain, the -Cubans will soon be culling for
a census to show the increase of popula
tion.
As Max O'Rell has announced his retire
ment from the lecture stage we may ex
pect him next year on his first farewell
tour.
New Hampshire Kepublicans declare for
a Presidential candidate who will be "a
platform in himself," and so say we all
of us.
The European situation is made more
interesting by the fact that France has be
pun to talk of peace and get her navy
ready.
Having stirred up wars in Abyssinia, the
Soudan and Matabeleland, Europe still in
sists she is keeping the peace and civilizing
Africa.
It is not certain yet whether the British
are really enforcing a vigorous foreign
policy or only going through a series of
spasms.
In abstaining from coming forward as
Presidential candidates Democratic lead
ers have the good excuse that no one has
called for them.
The recent statement that the blizzards
in the East -were over was slightly mis
leading. It should have been that they
were over the whole country.
The City of Paris, like the St, Paul,
has escaped from the mud flats uninjured,
and it seems it doesn't hurt any kind of a
ship to run over New Jersey.
In their present situation the Demo
crats are exactly in the mood of the farmer
who upset his apple cart and had no lan
euage to do justice to the occasion.
As the treasury deficit for March is less
than that of the previous months of the
fiscal year, we may expect to see the Dem
ocrats trying to figure it out as a surplus.
There are signs that Hoke Smith in
tends to set up as a humorist, for in his
debate with ex-Speaker Crisp he said he
• was in favor cf silver but opposed to coin
ing it.
Even if there were nothing wrong in the
bond deals there is certainly something
wrong in tryinc to conceal the means by
which such important public business was
carried out.
President Kruger is willing that British
residents in the Transvaal should be re
rruited to make war against the Mata
bi'lt-s. Anything goes with liim that gets
the British to go. .
The i-'rench Ministry has assured the
Chamber of Deputies that France and
Russia are co-operating in regard to Egypt,
and perhaps we shall hear the buzzsaw
running before long.
A London paper says the Democrats
may win this year if they are wisely led,
and the saying is true enough provided a
sufficient emphasis is put on the if to do
justice to the subject.
The friends of Senator Davis of Minne
f«ota will now call attention to the fact
that the nipping of his Presidential boom
was followed by one of the biggest snow-
storms th;tt ever struck the State.
It is said the action of the Turkish Gov
ernor at Bitiis,' in arresting two American
missionaries, a-as intended only to test the
American pulse. It ia scarcely necessary
to .'ay that he found it at a lighting heat.
ENFOBOE THE LAW.
ft is reported from Washington that
Eastern people are asking what policy
Californians favor in regard to the
settlement of the debts of the Pa
cific roaas. If this be true it would
seem that our campaign of education
against the funding scheme has been
wajred alhiost in vain. Over and over
again has it been declared that at this
juncture tne people of California have no
other policy than that of enforcing the ex
isting law. No other policy is needed.
The issue is a plain matter of business.
The debtor refuses to pay and the Gov
ernment should proceed in the regular
order of established law to foreclose the
! mortgage, take the property and get a de-
I iiciency judgment for the balance due.
There is no reason why the people of
California should undertake to formulate
any policy different from that pursued up
to this time. There are people in this
j State who favor the possession and cpera-
I tion of the roads by the Government it
self, and there are people who are opposed
to that plan. There are some who would
like to see the roads sold to a strong com
pany that would give us a competitive
transcontinental system, and there are
others who have objections to that. Ail
are agreed, however, that almost any plan
is better than that of refunding tne debt
and that the law should be enforced and
the mortgage foreclosed.
Any refunding measure whether for a
hundred years or forty years, whether for
2 per cent or for 3 per cent, would involve
many things of evil import to California.
It would continue the power of the monop
oly and leave us exposed as now to exac
tions that hamper ever}' industry, check
every form of development and restrict all
our energies. It would prolong that con
test between the people and th c monopoly
which has been so fruitful a source of po
litical evils and kept the State incessantly
disturbed by antagonisms and distrust. It
would surrender the dignity of law by
conceding favors to the demands of a rich
corporation that would not be granted to
the pleadings of the needy. It would be in
fact a concession to corruption and a
measure of measureless evils.
The policy of the people of California is
the fulfillment of the law as it stands. Not
long ago a single message from the Presi
dent was shown to be all that was sufficient
to enforce the Monroe doctrine against the
antagonism of England in the face of an
unwilling world. A single declaration from
Congress in favor of a resolute enforcement
of the law will bring the monopoly to
terms. A nation that can stand against
the world can certainly stand against a
defaulting corporation, and should not be
alarmed by any threat that the corporation
won't pay.
Enforce the law.
THE TAEIPF REVIEWED.
One of the ablest, fairest and most
searching inquiries into the Tariff question
that has yet been made has been written
by T. B. Walker of Minneapolis. It? key
note is expressed in the following postu-
Jaies:
'A nation dependent upon agriculture
only may possess a large population and
produce a superabundant food supply, but
will always be loaded with foreign debt
and subject to panic and hard times.
"Where manafactures, commerce and
mining are abundantly encouraged and
protected the nation may, with a limited
ability to compete in Bgriculture, stand in
the front rank.
"This Nation, with its incomparable ad
vantages, can lead all others in wealth,
power, independence and continuous
prosperity, if its labor and capital are suf
ficiently encouraged and protected."
There are some nations in a position to
profit by a high tariff and others that
would suffer by the adoption of such a pol
icy. Thus England would only further
impoverish its millions of laborers by im
posing a tariff on provisions, and a pro
tective tariff on manufactured goods
would be idle in view of the fact that Eng
land not only supplies her own needs in
that regard, but secures much of her pros
perity by exporting them in large quanti
ties. Hence, as the author says, "A tariff
on imported manufactured goods would
produce no revenues and a tariff on pro
visions would destroy their supremacy."
In the United States we find an exactly
opposite condition of things. While the
necessary policy of England in extending
her commerce requireo low wages, America
has unlimited resources sufficient for the
people and capable of producing high
wages if they are intelligently fostered
and a wholly unnecessary competition
with the industrial conditions of Europe
prevented. A low tariff manifestly tends
to create such a competition and thus re
duce the ptate of our people to that of the
poverty-stricken hordes of the Old World.
Not only is this the tendency, but it
must be expected that a low tariff will
tend to bring on panics by inducing large
importations of foreign goods, a heavy
drain on the gold of the country, depres
sion of manufactures and a consequent
demand for settlements that cannot be
met. The contention of Mr. Carlisle and
his followers that these results of the
Democratic tariff are chargeable to the
National monetary system cannot be
maintained in view of the plain proposi
tion that heavy imports mean a large out
flow of gold, and that it means just the
same to the country whether the gold is
sent to Europe by an importer or is re
moved directly from the National treasury
for export in the settlement of trade bal
ances.
Discontent, with resulting strikes, ap
pears among the laboring classes only
when times are hajd and poverty pinches.
Such movements as these are a natural
and inevitable protest against a tendency
to fall into the poverty, hopelessness and
helplessness so conspicuous among the
laborers of Europe.
THE GROWING DEHOIT.
As was foreseen and predicted the treas
ury statements for March show expendi
tures in excess of revenues for that month,
and the total deficit for the nine months
that have elapsed of the current fiscal year
is now about $19,000,000. During 'this
month there are large amounts of interest
to be paid, and as there is little hope of
increased revenues the monthly shortcom
ing will be much greater than that for
March, so that all hope of keeping the de
ficit for the year below $25,000,000 must
now be abandoned even by that sanguine
estimator Mr. Carlisle himself.
Ever since the income tax was declared
unconstitutional it has been known to
statesmen and Btudents of our financial
system that under the existing laws the
revenues would not equal the necessary
expenditures of the country. Even with
the income that might hare been derived
THE SAN FRAjSCISUU CALL., THURSDAY, APRIL 2, 1896.
from that tax there would have been little
to spare as the customs duties under the
Wilson tariff had been cut down to 9uit
the policy of parsimony which Democrats
call economy. Under the circumstances,
therefore, had there been any sagacious
leaders in the Democratic party they
would have co-operatea with Republicans
of Congress to pass any kind of emergency
bill to obtain the needed revenues. They
preferred, however, to obstruct every bill
of the kind, and as a consequence they
have now to meet the people as the advo
cates of a revenue system which is running
the country into debt every month.
The man mainly responsible for this
blunder of the Democratic party is Secre
tary Carlisle. He has been their evil
counselor at every step in the fatuous
policy they have pursued on this subject.
He has again and again prepared estimates
for them, showing that there would be a
surplus revenue "next month." With
each succeeding month there has been a
new boom estimate sent out for the use of
the administration speakers in the House
and the Senate. At first they were em
ployed with great courage and confidence,
and it was clear that some of tne orators
at any rate sincerely believed in them.
Now, however, they are used no more.
Successive disappointments have chilled
the faith, even of the cuckoos, and Car
lisle is left to defend his position for him
self by juggling figures as best he can.
It is not wholly bad for the country that
this silly policy of bluster and folly has
been pursued. It is just as well that the
people should see the results of the Demo
cratic tariff workea out to the full. The
deficit stands there for all to see, and it
will increase with the months until the
fools have been turned out of office and
statesmen returned to power.
PAEMING IN CITIES.
The New York Association for Improv
ing the Condition of the Poor has been in
spired by the remarkable success of Mayor
Pingree of Detroit, the originator of the
pian for farming vacant lots in cities. Al
though the Pingree idea was put in opera
tion as late as 1804 and had only two yearß
of demonstration, it has proved successful
beyond all calculation and may be re
garded as the most promising of modern
philanthropic movements. It might seem
strange that a great and crowded city like
New York, with its uncounted thousands
of suffering poor, could produce a sufficient
number ot accessible vacant lots with
which to try the Detroit experiment in the
hope of ameliorating the suffering* of an
appreciable number of poor people, but
the association has gone earnestly to work
and has already made some important dis
coveries. It has issued a report showing
that there are 17,329 vacant lots (more than
1400 acres) in the city below West One
Hundred and Forty-fifth street and the
Harlem, and announces that if the vacant
land be within three miles of the homes of
the poor they will use it. If the land is
sterile it can be enriched from excavations
and street refuse. It is confidently ex
pected that New York will make the ven
ture successful. If it be true of that city,
where the obstacles are greater than in
any other, every city in the country will
have any easy task. New \ork is not
nlone in adopting the Detroit plan. Buf
falo, Omaha and Seattle have assailed the
problem of relieving the unemployed by
the same means.
The lessons already learned are these:
1. A large number of the destitute are
■willing to work if they have the oppor
tunity.
2. A very small piece of ground will fur
nish a family sufficient food.
3. "The needy are thereby assisted with
out creating the demoralization in the
habits of the people that gratuitous help
always entails.''
As much of the future greatness of Cali
fornia will come from a more thorough de
velopment of its agricultural resources, the
subject has a peculiar interest for the
cities of this State. The immediate relief
which it brings to th« poor is by no means
the sum of its benefit.-*. Beyond that con
sideration lie others of lasting value. This
is indicated in the following report by F.
B. Dickerson, superintendent of poor of
Detroit: ''The poor, hard-working people
see that upon a little patch of half an acre
they can produce enough to half support
themselves, and it sets them to thinking.
They reason thus, 'If I can almost live
on half an acre I could make a comfortable
living on a few acres,' and they begin to
lisnire on getting into the country. In
answer to a qnestion asked me, I asserted
that at least 100 families had sought and
found homes in the country as a direct re
sult of their experience of last year. I fell
far short of the mark, however, for one
gentleman, the Hon. Joseph Waltz of
Waltz, Mich, (a small village in this coun
ty), writes: 'I see in the papers what you
say about city farming, and think you are
right in the matter, ay twenty-five families
from the city have located hereabouts. If
twenty-five families have located in the
vicinity of one little village, the number
of families who have located in other sec-
tions of the State must far exceed 100."
CURRENT HUMOR.
Bhe fell.
Love of finery turned her head.
Her head was turned to enable her to see the
other girl's finery, and she did not observe the
coal scuttle somebody had left upon the side
walk.—Detroit Tribune.
They pressed forward and closely examined
the Roentgen photograph.
"His liver," they said, "is the image of his
father's, but he gets his lungs from his mother's
folks."— Detroit Tribune.
Shakespeare— lf I nad it all to do again I'd
try my hand at comic opera.
Ben Jonson— Don't pet a big head, William.
You had a great run of luck as it was, but you
were never cut out to write topical songs.—
Puck.
He— Oh, dear! I wish 1 could get hold of
some good biscuits like mother used to bake
for me.
She— And I wish I could get some good
clothes like father used to buy for me.—lndian
apolis Journal.
"Blykinsis doing some good dialect work."
"Blykins? I didn't know he wrote. I thought
h e wns an artist."
"So he 10, but lie is making a specialty of
dialect work— he draws posters."— Washington
Times.
PARAGRAPHS ABOUT PEOPLE.
Elnathan Corrington Gavitt, who died the
other day in Toledo, Ohio, at the age of 88
years, was a noted pioneer of Methodism in
Ohio, and the author of "Crumba From My
Saddle-bag," a book that had a wide popu
larity some years ago.
William K. Gladstone recently remarked
that he was proud of the fact that he had never
been addicted to tobacco, wine or any other
stimulant. He acknowledged, however, that'he
had been, tinder stress of work, sometimes
tempted to give nature an artificial ally.
"Senator Cannon of Utah," says the Wash
ington Times, "is by all odds the handsomest
man in the Upper House. That is not all. He
is the youngest man in that body and one of
its cleverest and ablest debaters. Modesty is
one of his chief characteristics."
Mme. Modjeska is an admirer of a London
fog, and the first time she happened to see one
sho ordered her carriage and went for a drive
in the park, that she might have the pleasure
of seeing the weird eftect of people and ve
hicles emerging from the mist which en-
, shrouded them.
AROUND THE CORRIDORS.
Andrew Young, chairman of the Board of
Supervisors of Story County, Nevada, and
acting Mayor of Virginia City, is at the Russ.
Since the famous camp of the Comstock lode
disincorporated no Mayor has been elected,
aud the duties requisite in such cases have
devolved on the chairman of the Supervisors.
Mr. Young is one of the best-known men In
that part of the country. He has lived for
thirty-seven years at Virginia and worked, as
he expresses jt, "for fifteen years under
ground," for he is a practical miner and
knows all the ins and outs of a miner's life.
He was for several years secretary and for
several years more treasurer of the Miners'
Union, one of the largest organizations in the
country.
He believes that the troubles of Tangerman
with the miners will soon oe adjusted by the
CHAIRMAN ANDREW YOUNG OF THE VIRGINIA CITY SUPERVISORS.
[From a sketch made by a "Call" artist.]
officials here of the Hale <fc Norcross mine
coming to understand that Tangerman is not
the right man under the circumstances for
superintendent. What has offended the
miners is that Tangerman took two positions
for less than the previous pay of one of them.
There are, Mr. Young states, between 400
and 500 members of the union in Virginia
City, not to speak of Gold Hill. They have a
large hall and also a library of some 4000 vol
umes. In tiie library are tho current muga
zines and daily papers, so that in many re
spects the headquarters of the union is like a
club. It has been of much value to the min
ers. The initiation is but $5 and the
dues but 50 cents a month, but there have
been at times thousands of dollars on hand to
relieve sick or injured members, or to pay ex
penses of burial.
"I never saw in all the time I have resided
at Virginia," said Mr. Young, "such freedom
from snow as during this winter. There is no
snow whatever at Virginia. The day before I
left it rained all day. The streets have been so
clear for the winter that instead of rive or six
feet of snow, the customary thing, we have bi
cyclists going to and fro. Oftentimes you may
look down the street and see as many *s ten or
fifteen persons on bicycles."
The gentleman is here partly for business
and partly for pleasure. He is a brother of
Colonel Young, proprietor of the Russ House,
who was Mayor of Virginia City in the old
flnsh days.
A REIGN OF TERROR.
There is horror too prolific in the jargon scientific
which disturbs the mood pacific
Of the ordinary man:
In these awful tales that thrill us of a bugaboo ba
cillus that is hiding near to kill us
li Uy any chance It can.
Not a single chance It misses; it is lurking In our
blisses: it is even in tin- kisses .
That delight a leap-year dream; '
In the air are microbes floating; in the water they
are gloating, fiendish vigilance devoting
To their weird, malicious scheme.
Oh, ye philosophic sages, we were huppy all these
ages, while these animals outrngeous
I'nsuspecifd flourished hen;
And although, just for the present, we withstand
their siege Incessant, we run other tlsks un
pleasant,
For we're almost dead with fear.
—Washington Star.
A DUCK'S STRANGE FREAK.
One of the oldest ducks in Sun Francisco is
named Tom, and he belongs to Charles Young,
who lives in the Potrero, about two blocks
back from the shores of the bay. Tom is nearly
six years old and up 1o a few months ago was
always dignified and as correct in his demeanor
as the ordinary duck. About that time, how
ever, he became possessed of a strange desire to
accumulate all the old shoes on the water front.
Early every morning he sturts out by himself
and is often gone for several hours. When he
returns he is sure to bring an old shoe and
store it away in the poultry-house. As soon as
Tom Bringing Home One of His Trcas.
ures.
[From a ttetch.]
he feels satisfied that nobody will interfere
with it, he starts out again and soon returns
with another. He will keep this up nil day
and if shoes are plentiful will have several
dozens in places stored away by nightfall.
Tom had been at this peculiar business for
several days before he wus discovered, and
when his owner went to the poultry-house and
saw the piles of old footwear, he thought that
he was being made the victim of a practical
joke. lie dumped the old shoes oat and whs
more than surprised to see Tom deliberutely
Btnrt to carry them back again. Young carried
the shoes us far away as he could, but in a few
hours the duck had them where he wanted
them and started out for more.
Since Tom has been in the shoe business he
lias forsaken the other ducks altogether and
reems to have but the one desire in life.
People who have seen him think that it is a
cose of the duck going crazy.
Mr. Young has given Tom his own way the
last six months and made it a business to
throw the shoes out every few days, so as to
give him a chance to carry them back again.
But ho says It is getting monotonous and that
il Tom don't get over his foolishness soon be
will be forced to try a remedy that will surely
cure him, although he hates this, because Tom
is too old and tough to make good eating.
LETTERS FROM THE PEOPLE.
THE TUOLUMNE RIVER.
PROJECT TO HAVE IT DECLAKED A PUBLIC
HIGHWAY.
To the Editor of the San Francisco Call— Sir:
My attention was this day called to an edito
rial in your issue of March 24 on the subject
of the Supervisors of Tuolumne County declar
ing that portion of Tuolumne River now un
navigable a public highway. As my interests
are probably greater than those of any one
individual I desire to make some explanation
concerning the facts in the case. In the first
place there is no lumber company or Eastern
parties interested in or connected with it at
all. I made the application over a year ago.
I know of no company or individual who ha 3
immediate interest in the petition or applica
tion except my two associates who reside in
Sonora, Tuolumne County, and myself. I live
in can Francisco aud intend to reside here the
remainder of my days. I have timber interests
on the Tuolumne River and have made the
proposition to clear out the obstructions of
the unnavigafole portions of the middle and
south forks of the Tuolumne, without
expense to the county, and make it
navigable for logs and' lumber, if the
Supervisors will give me the protection which
they alone have the power to grant. I have no
desite to control the water and would only
wish to drive logs from four to six weeks in the
spring when the water is at its height, nnd ten
times more water than the miners and farmers
can use. I should not in any way divert the
water from the stream or interfere with irriga
tion facilities or the generation of electrical
energy for industrial uses. On the contrary,
the more dams bmlt on the streams the better
I shall be pleased. What opposition I have
met with has come principally from people
who have no interest in Tuohimne or anyother
county, but delight in oppoHing everything in
the line of progression. A petition recently
circulated in favor of my proposition hus met
with t lie approval and signature of most of the
reliable and tax-paying residents of the county,
imd I earnestly hope that the Supervisors will
see their way cleur to comply with my request,
as it seems to me an opportunity to have their
river improved, which the county cannot af
ford to lose. C. Elwood Brown.
Han Francisco, April 1, 1990.
PERSONAL.
Dr. J. Manson of Lincoln is at the Palace.
Dr. W. D. Rogers of Watsonville is in town.
Dr. John C. Outhet of Chicago has arrived
here.
Dr. F. Walton Wood ol Stockton arrived here
yesterday.
Alva E. Snow of Fresno is among recent vis
lstors here.
T. B. Miller, a business man of Helena, Mont.,
is in the City.
11. B. Smith, a merchant of Redondo Beach,
is at the Grand.
W. A. Holabird, the real-estate dealer of Los
Angeles, is in town.
F. 11. Buck, the fruit-grower of Vacaville, is
among the guests at the Lick.
George 11. Day, a wealthy manufacturer of
Hartford, Conn., is in the City.
Dr. W. M. Airich of Philadelphia Is in the
City, accompanied by several friends.
William M. Gillcspie and wife of Lincoln,
Nebr., are stopping at the Cosmopolitan.
Joseph T. Wadaell, the passenger conductor
of Tucson, Ariz., is a guest at the Cosmopoli
tan.
H. MoMurtrie f>f Syracuse, N. V., one of the
crack rifle shots of the United States, is in the
City.
Francis A. Cundill, a business man of Yoko
hama, arrived here yesterday. He is at the
Palace.
Dr. Charles T. Poore, one of the leading phy.
sieians connected with Bellevue Hospital, New
York, is at the Palace.
Colonel M. D. Bristol of the United States
army, New York, is at the Occidental, accom
panied by a parly of friends.
T>. E. Knight, the wealthy pioneer of Marys
viile, owner of the woolen-mills there and
heavily interested in other enterprises, is on a
visit here.
W. Bayard Cutting, the New York business
man, who is several times a millionaire, is at
the Palace, accompanied by his son.W. Bayard
Cutting Jr.
General A. L. Hart of Sacramento, who was
Attorney-General during Governor Perkins'
administration, arrived here yesterday and is
at the Grand.
J. C. Shaw, a prominent newspaper man ot
Ottawa, Canada, is on a visit to San Francisco.
He will probably b« here and at other points
in the State for several weeks.
Field Marshal and Marquis Yamagata, the
hero of the Japan-China war, was taken in
charge by General Forayth yesterday and
shown some of our defenses. The Marquis and
his friends were out some hours with the gen
eral.
J. B. Edward, editor and proprietor of the
Mount Vernon Post of Mount Vernon, Wash
ington, is stopping at the Cosmopolitan. Mr.
Edward has just returned from a trip through
Arizona, Mexico and New Mexico and is now
on his way home.
James O'Neill, the tragedian, on his west
ward trip to this City, played every night in
some town or other after he left Denver.
It was the first time it has ever beeu done and
Mr. O'Neill feels himself a pathfinder in thi«
regard. Mr. O'Noill played in Leadvllle, Aspen
and other camps in Colorado and did not for
get to buy a mine in Cripple Creek as he came
along in order that he might catch on in the
boom. He says Loadville, Aspen and other old
camps are quite dull, owing to so many of the
people having left for the new gold fields.
Smiles Are Cheap.
Escondido Times.
It isn't every one tbat can always wear a
new coat, but everybody, with a little effort,
may wear a smile every day in the week, Sun
day included.
MUSIC AND MUSICIANS.
Ever since the production of "Cavalleria
Rusticana," which occurred nearly six years
ago, Mascagni has continued to complete new
operas, not one of which has met with the
startling success of the prize work from which
little or nothing was expected. p "L'Amico
Fritz" scarcely met with a success of esteem;
"Ratcliffe" was lauded to the skies by the
Italian press, and then it dropped almost out
of sight. As for "Silvano," even Mascagni's
warmest friends owned that it was nothing but
a pendant to "La Cavalleria Rusticana." If it
were not for the "Cavalleria" we should not be
able to hum a bar of Mascaerni's music to-day
in America. The young composer has just pro
duced another work, however, which seems
likely to eclipse his first opera in popularity.
It is called "Zanetto," and has just been pro
duced at Pessaro, where Mascagni is director
of the Musical Lyceum. The first performance
of "Zanetto" was awaited with great impa
tience all over Italy, and all the large towns
sent special correspondents to telegraph de
tailed accounts of the work. Mascagni's native
city of Florence was represented by a large
delegation of friends and admirers. Every one
is unanimous in stating that the success of
"Cavalleria Rusticana" is more than repeated
in "Zanetto." The opera plays for scarcely an
hour and the traditional intermezzo is con
spicuous by its absence. There is also no over
ture and the work begins with an invisible
chorus, sung Dehind the scenes. The music of
this chorus so delighted the public that it was
found to be useless to raise the curtain and
proceed with the performance till it had been
repeated. One enthusiastic critic says that
"Zanetto" gives a complete idea of the renais
sance of Italian operatic art.
In spite of the great success of "Zanetto,"
Mascagni is being a good deal gibed at by the
European press. It was in connection with
the celebration of Rossini's centenary at Pesaro
that "Zanetto" was produced, and many news
papers are remarking that under such circum
stances ho would have shown better taste by
completely effacing his own personality before
that of the illustrious master vr\ am the cen
tenary was to glorify. These papi •: s recall the
fact that a few years ago, when Ver<ii directed
the orchestra for some fetes at Milan In Ros
sini's honor, he carefully abstained from ac
cepting any applause on his own account and
"forgot his own personality to honor that of
the great Rossini." This was certainly an
exquisite proof of Verdi's tact, and one In
which Mascagni has shown himself to be lack
ing. His Rossini centenary at Pesaro be
gan with a concert, the programme of which
was somewhat strange, as a tribute to the
"Swan of Pesaro." It began with two over
tures by Rossini, that of "William Tell" and
"La Cambiale di Matrimonio." Beethoven's
"Eroica" symphony and the largo by Handel fol
lowed. Then came excerpts from "Lohengrin"
and '•Tannhauser." The coupling of Rossini's
name with that of Wagner at a Rossini festival
is considered by many critics to have been an
almost grotesque bit of comedy on Mascagni's
part.
It is evident, however, that Mascagni has set
tled down seriously to work since accepting
the musical directorship of Pesaro. For a time
after the success of "Cavalleria Rusticana" the
young composer posed as a man about town,
frequented the races and was noted for the
large sums he lost at the gambling-tables.
Celebrations of composers' centenariei are
becoming as popular in Europe as fiestas are
in California and unhappy indeed is the city
that cannot boast of having given birth to at
least one writer on music who came on the
scene of life about a century ago. The town of
Pescia, in Italy, which is an enterprining little
community, wanted to have its centenary
along with the rest, but the dusty city regis
ters were searched in vain for indications that
a musician of note had had the good taste to
be born in Pescia during the year of grace
1796. At last some genius recalled the fact
that G'oranni Pacini, Rossini's old friend, had
Mascagni as a Sport.
died at Pescia, and that it was just a century
since he had first seen the light of day at
Cataneo. A committee was at once formed to
celebrate Pacini's centenary, and neither
money nor pains are being ypared for a grand
celebration on the 12th of this month, which
would be Pucini's hundredth birthday if he
was still alive. Rival cities are asking indig
nantly what right Pescia has to celebrate the
centenary of a composer who showed his con
tempt for the town by dying there, but the
people of Pescia say they took the initiative,
and they would like to see Cataneo, or any
other city, that could rob them oi their cen
tenary. Pacini was certainly a monumental
enough composer to arouse local pride. When
he was only 17 his first opera was presented at
Milan, and during the half-century of his
working life he wrote and caused to be pro
duced no less than seventy-one operas. At his
death Pacini left sixteen more partly written
operas, which he had not time to complete.
"The Grand Duke," Gilbert and Sullivan's
new opera, is giving great satisfaction to the
Londoners, though the general verdict seems
to be that age has robbed Gilbert of some of his
wit as a librettist, while it has mellowed Sulli
van's powers as a composer. It would be inter
esting to know the particular Grand Duke that
Gilbert had in mind when he devised the lead
ing character in his new opera, for one thing
that has made this librettist's wit lose its flavor
in crossing the Atlantic is that most of his
leading roles are satires on well-known and
prominent people in Great Britain. It is pos
sible that the Grand Duke is a combination of
many characters, though it would be easy to
point to the hero of the lines:
By a poshing young monarch, of turn energetic,
A very great deal may be done in a day.
Gilbert calls nis potentate the Grand Duke of
Pfenning-Halbpfenning; he is supposed to
have flourished in the last century, and Pass
more, who plays the role, depicts him as a cow
ardly fellow, wearing a dusty coat covered
with orders, and alternating. between ridicu
lously assumed dignity and amusing low buf
foonery. The extraordinary melange of theat
rical and court life is no doubt intended for
foreign circulation. Mme. yon Palmay, as the
' Grand Duchess, is the "hit" of the whole per
formance.
Albert Kauders' opera, "Walther yon der Vo
gelweide," which has already been played with
success at the German Theater of Prague, has
just met with an enthusiastic reception at the
Imperial Opera of Vienna. The celebrated
minnesinger, Walther yon der Vogelweide,
plays a role in the oj>era that i£ more remark
able for its romantic development than for its
fidelity to history.
An enterprising Milanese editor, Curio Ali
prandi, has done his best to canonize Giuseppe
Verdi. On Giuseppe's dny (St. Joseph's Day) he
published a special edition of his paper, La
Farfulla, in honor of Giuseppe Verdi. Com
posers, singers, poets, dramatic authors, etc.,
were all specially invited to collaborate in the
St. Joseph's day edition.
The San Carlos Theater, Lisbon, has just pro
duced "Irene," the opera by the Portuguese
composer, Alfred Keil, which was played for
the first time some years ago at the Royal The
ater, Turin. The Lisbon public received their
compatriot's work with enthusiasm, and he
was called before the curtain twenty times.
A new opera by the Czech composer, Zdenko
Fiebich, has been played with success at
Prague. The subject is drawn from Byron's
"Don Juan," and, like Auber's work, is en
titled "Haydee." The second act and the bal
let of the last act were especially applauded.
On St. Agnes' day a new solemn mass was
produced at the cathedral of Cataneo, Italy,
which is spoken of in terms of the highest
praise. The mass is by Domenico Cambria, a
young maestro who has only just reached his
eighteenth year.
To-day and on Friday the Paris Grand Opera
will give what are known as its two "spiritual
concerts." The chief feature this year will be
Alfred Bruncau's new requiem.
The dean of Belgian musicians, Jules Au«
guste - William Busschop, has just died at
Bruges, aged 76 years.
A POPULAR SKIRT.
The skirt shown here is a modification of the
Marie Antoinette skirt, which is so much worn
at present at Paris. Tiie front gore, over which
the side gores are laid to form a pleat in sem
blance to a skirt laid over it. is usually made
of a contrasting fabric.
A figured white crepe de chine.with the front
of white plain satin and trimmed with clot««
set rows of yellow lace, is worn with a fichn of
the same, the rest of the waist being of the
figured goods.
A skirt of gray crepon with the front of a
handsome brocade with gray ground and
bright flounces and hems is exquisite.
Brown mohair, with white mohair for the
front breadth and trimming for the waist, is
extremely stylish.
Of course the skirt may be made of one fabric,
the lapping sides may be fastened down with
three large buttons on each side, set to reach
half way down. The introduction of two fab
rics is a step in the direction of a seriout
change in skirts which have been severely
plain and without trimming for so long.
Panorama epgs very cheap. Townsend's. •
Chocolate cream eggs, 2 for sc. Townsend's*
Candy bacon and eggs, 10c, Towngend's. •
Indications of Yearning.
fort Jones Reporter.
Mr. Cleveland has given several indications
of late of still hankering after the third-term
nomination, as well as ducks.
Easter cream candies, 25c lb. Townsend't.*
Vegetable colors only used at Townsend'i. •
California glace i-uits, 50c lb. Townsend's.*
Liberal discount on eatable Easter eggs to
Sunday-schools. Townsend's. •
Glace pineapple California cherriei and
fruits, 50c pound. Townsend's. •
Favoring Home Products.
Voice ol Labor.
The Spreckelses still continue to invest thei»
money where they made it— at home.
Ornamented chocolate and cream Eastet
eggs, sc ; worth 10c. Townsend's. •
Fphctal Information daily to manufacture:".
business houses and public men by the Pr«\*
Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Montgomery. ■.*:
California Psychical Society.
Rev. Dr. Jacob Voorsanger will lecture at
Golden Gate Hall, Sutter street, this (Thursday)
evening, at 8 o'clock. Subject, "The Rise of
Man." Tickets 25 cents. •
Not Any Too Soon.
Benicia News.
The press of the State is commencing a cru«
sade against the poll tax, and to us it would
seem that it is not auy too soon.
The impurities which have accumulated in th«
body during the winter must be expelled. Every
one needs a good spriDg medicine like Mood'a Sar
saparilla, the one true blood purifier.
"Bbowx'9 Bronchial Troches" are an effect
ual remedy for all Bronchial Affections.
Ai-l persons afllicted with dyspepsia win fin 4
immediate relief and sure cure by using Dr.
Siegert's Angostura Bitters.
Keep Up With the Procession.
Benicia New Era.
If you cannot do anything get out of th«
way and let other people rustle. Don't be «
stumbling block.
NEW TO-DAY.
'■■'~^~'-^[-'~ x -[''-'*'"'— '—•—-->■'**' •*-~^ ---.■—^-^-^^ - - . .^^
icsfoftßelub
— - — _.
Compare STANDARD Shirts
with any other brand after
wash When the " tore
gloss" is off you can see where
the merit is.
ALL DEALERS. LOOK FOR TRADE-MARK
' Ttradbl*
N.B.
I MARK I1 UIIiSDAY APRIL 2, 1896
AMUSEMENTS.
BftUiwm Theater.— "Monte Crisao."
California Thkater— "Friends."
(ou'hbu Theater— "Sinbad."
lioaoaceto Omcra-House- -The Red Pocket-
book.
1 ivoii OrEBA-HoisK. — -Said Pasha."
' nrnKiM.— High-Class \ Ri-.rt-vl'.ie.
■ K.iVKii's Aw-a.ai.. -The Homestead."
1 in aiimtorivm— Corner of Jones and Eddy
■Lreeta— Tbe is-'oreiu. Mlnatrelß.
- :SfAccoNouuH Thkateb (Oakland)— Anna Eva
Fay •' . ■
Siitbo ""Conky Island— Grand Athletic Exhibi-
tion and. Concert. ■
I- hoot Tim- CHrTKS- Dally at Halght street,
(Li -block >ast -iof the Pnrk.
Coast Jockky CLrB.- Races.
. ''■'■. :. AUCTION SALUS.
bV-Gko.T. ' I AMs..N._ This day (Thursday),
Furniture, at 323 Nineteenth street, at 11 o clock.
By S. BasCH— This day (Thursday), Furni-
ture, etc, at 319 Suiter street, at 10:30 o'clock.
; By M. .1. Simmons aivtkin Co.— This day
(Thursday), furniture, at 1067 Market street, at
11 o'clock. . '
BY Frank W. Bcttkrfield— This day (Thurs-
day), Variety store, at 1304 Valencia st., nt 11
oclock. and Furniture, at 34 Kighth st. at -J o'clock
CITY NEWS IN BRIEF.
Tbe derrick-workers will probably form a
labor union soon.
The Plumbers' Union will probably send
de-legates to the Buildi::g Trades council.
The weather predictions for to-day are:
Fair; brisk westerly winds in the afternoon.
Lisle Leigh, the new leading lady at the
Grand, went on the stage when four years old.
An entertainment was given last night at
the. Bush-street Theater to aid. the striking
painters. . sf!B
Policemen Gilheanev and Fanning were last
night dismissed from the force by the Police
Commissioners. .
.Several hundred young men were made the
r victims of an April-fool joke at the Athenian
Club last night. • . y.£3 >j -.I C-;
. The settlmi: of the estate of Denis Gore before
Judee Slack has unearthed some queer matri
monial tangles.
. A benefit will be given at the Y. M. C. A. Hall
on the -Ist tost tor the Newsboys' Home at
112 Powell street.
. A mob of curious people viewed the remains
of Mrs. Olga Deuss and her three babies at the
undertaker's parlors. .
•The twenty-third annual meeting of ' the
■\V6inari's Occidental Board took, place yester
day at 920 Sacramento street. . '
Secretary Holbrook of the Society for the
Prevention of Cruelty to Animals, says sports
men have no use for coursing.
"Johnny. Capron, Unity, Elmer . F, Bellicoso,
Sir Reel, Road Warmer, Crescendo and St. Lee
were the winners at the Bay District. ■
. The Point Lobos-avenne Improvement Club
.■scored Superintendent Vining of the Market
street Railway at last night's meeting. . .
The. Building Trades working-card system
• went into effect yesterday. So far the con
tractors have manifested no opposition.
i Professor Harry Huntington Powers of Stan- '
ford lectured -last' night at the Academy of
Sclenceson "The. Evolution of Happiness.'* . • '
■Att'orney-Gerieral"Fitzgerald, in answer to a \
dispatch from' Sacramento, outlines his official
policy regarding the invesimentof State funds. '•
The : bride of Captain Harry Johnson of the
• bark Enoch Talbot attempted to commit sui- j
cide on Tuesday night through disappoint- j
ment'. • ' • "
.A '■ musfcale.will.be given at the Occidental
" on the evening of the 13th inst. tor the benefit I
of . the San Francisco Training School for
■Nurses. '■ ■
■ Mrs,' Susan Martin had a bad spell in the City i
. Prison yesterday from, neart failure, and the i
condition of her husband was much improved
last night. ••...'.
It. P. E. Wolff, now' here from Fiji, reports
the finding, by him of a temple centuries old in
the mountains of the largest island, used by- a
native secret society. •.."
. Mr.-. M. A. Stockton was excommunicated
last night by. Dr. Brown's congregation. Thir
teen new applications for membership were re
ceived, all irom abroad.
- Dr, Ellinwood- has recently performed .a
surgical operation on a patient in the City and I
County Hospital which is almost without a i
parallel in. medical science.
The depositors of the People* Home Savings
Bank will hold a mass-meeting Friday night to
protest against the removal of John Flournoy
at. attorney of the directors.
Ricnard Cody, a boilermaker, was arrested
yesterday afternoon for stealing a horse and
buggy, which he tried to sell to the gypsies at
Fifteenth and Folsom streets. .
Dr. W. F. Parke of Oak and Franklin s treet
was yesterday convicted by Judge Joachimsen
of practicing medicine without c. certificate
ann will be sentenced on Saturday.
The directors of the Merchants' Association
have been invited to confer with the City Hall
Commsssioners regarding the placing" of a
floor directory in the new City Hall. "
M. K. Jaffa, assistant professor of chemistry
at Berkeley; showed the Microscopical Society
last evening how adulterants of paris green
can be detected through the microscope.
Professor Cory of the University of California
has made a statement to The" Call setting
forth the result of his experiments which have
proven the source of the Roentgen rays. ■
Great interest is being taken in the forth
coming debate between the Lowell High School
of this City and the Oakland High Schooi.
The debaters are not definitely selected.
. AVttlegirl in St. Francis' Girls' Directory
Orphan Asylum, named Angy Angeloponte,
aged 14 years, has a bad cold and ; is very ill.
The Sisters request her parents togo to see her.
-Frank Healy, son of Captain Healy, left on
the Tropic Bird yesterday for Tahiti. He mar
ried Miss Lucretia M. Carpenter last Saturday,
and wearied of her in four days. She remains
here. .'' '£ -IX ;' • ;•-• * k .| '-:„.„•<'
Henry Lull of Berkeley, who forged the name
of the executor of his father's estate to several
checks, was. yesterday, held by Judge Conlan
to answer before the Superior Court in $3000
bonds. . ■ ■
It was stated last night at the meeting of the
executive committee of the Folsom-street Im
provement Club that bids would be advertised
In July for bituminizing Folsom street to the
water front.' ■."••• ■ ;
The Merchants' Association has issued a call
for a meeting to be held at 2:30 o'clock this
• afternoon in the Mills- building, tor the pur
pose of bringing about a reform in the street
sprinkling service.
The yacht Coronet, owned by Millionaire A.
Curtis James, arrived, from New York yester
day. She will take a party of scientists to
Japan to observe the eclipse of the sun that
occurs next August. -
A jury to try Nicholas Claussen was secured
yesterday before Judge Wallace. Claussen is
charged with murder for the cold-blooded kill
ing of his wife. -The crime was committed in a
house on Everett and Third streets.
James Johnson, an, ex-convict, died at the
Receiving Hospital yesterday morning from a
fractured skull, and Hugh Smith, a teamster,
living at 21 Hunt street, was arrested on the
charge of manslaughter in causing his death.
A special agent of the Treasury Department
quietly slipped into town a few weeks ago and,
after securing information regarding the Cus-
: torn-house scandal*, he disappeared as quietly
as he jcame. • Collector Wise and Major Moore
did not know .he was in town.
• Nonsuit was allowed by Judge Hunt yester
day morning in the case of Gardner L'andon
again s the Tallant .Banking Company to re
cover damages for alleged malicious persecu
tion. The motion, was made by the attorneys
for the bank. lmmediately upon "the close of the
plaintiff's case. ; '
Attorney-Gonem! Fitzgerald yesterday in his
argument before United States Circuit Judge
...McKenna showed that the report of the rail
road company for 1894 .had. been doctored to
make it appear th;t : t the company was : doing
business nt a loss, and that the value of the
roads as equal to the - bonded indebtedness.
He showed that the indebtedness exceeded the
value of the properly.' and that the California
roads had netted a profl t of more than $2,000.
--000 during the strike year of lbl>4.
Tonional Artists Organize.
The Boss Barbers' Protective Association was
organized at 102 O'Farrell street last night
and eieo-.cd the following officers: President,
8. Taasaig; rice-president, G. Yager; secretary
J. Kchmnlturesisureri 1'; U. Hirtn: sergeant-a't
anr.s, B. Martin ; conductor, H. Bernard :e.\ecu
•lnmittec—B. Fuchs, P. H. Brown and M. F
Miver. One hundred and forty-three members
signed tlie roll. Resolutions were adopted de
nouncing tho Barbers-C ollege and the reduc
tion in ]. nees.
The paper mills soon to bet established
at Wnycross. 1 Ga., will utilize the palmetto
plant; which grows.? in profusion in that
section. WPfff&Sl
J'rr.cs. burns an<i ninny similar miseries
qqfckly relieved by Mitchell's Magic Lotion. •
CAPTAIN MORTON
IS UNDER FIRE
Golden Gate Life-Saving
Station to Be Investi
gated.
INCOMPETENCE CHARGED
Washington Authorities Order a
Rigid Inquiry Which
Begins To-Day.
THE BOAT WAS OVERTURNED.
The Present Keeper Charged With
Being Responsible for the Ac
cident.
The United States life-saving service
will begin to-day an investigation of
Go lden Gate station — the station on the
Ocean Beach on which vessels in distress
in the neighborhood of the Golden Gate
depend for succor in time of neeci.
Captain Harry Morton is in command
of the station, and it is his acts that are
under inquiry by the department.
Several months ago he displaced Captain
Henry Smith, who had been in charge for
a considerable period. The old crew re
mained after Captain Smith's departure,
but it was not long before murmurs of dis
satisfaction arose and the men declined to
serve under the new commander of the
boat, on the ground that he was incom
petent and that their lives were in danger.
Their places were soon filled by new men
more congenial to Captain Morton.
The old crew were not satisfied with re
signing their positions, but tiled charges
against Captain Morton, alleeing many
things to prove his incompetence and ask
ing that for the safety not only of the crew
but for that of shipwrecked sailors who
might be ariven on the coast he be re
moved.
The matter was taken up by the local
office of the service, of which Major BlaKe
ney is the head, and an investigation held.
The men were on hand to give their testi
mony, and a mass of evidence was
taken and considered by the office. The
findings were far from satisfactory to the
complaining witnesses, and they at once
appealed the matter to Washington, al
leging many acts of Captain Morton that
were not brought out at the original in
vestigation. Nothing was heard from the
department until a few days ago. when
orders were received from Washington to
have the entire matter reopened and a
strict investigation held.
Stranee to say the local office was not
consulted in the matter, and the whole
inquiry was placed in the hands of a naval
officer who will take the evidence and
transmit the same to headquarters at
Washington. This action of the National
authorities is regarded as somewhat in the
light of a rebuff to Major Blakeuey, in the
light of the refusal of the authorities to
accept his findings as final.
The main incident on which the old
crew bases the charges of incompetence
happened on November 13 last and nar
rowly escaped causing the death of a num
ber of the crew, among them Captain
Morton.
The small surfboat was ordered out with
the intention of taking her around into the
bay, either by orders of the service authori
ties or for her regular practice. In the face
of breakers that were rolling in with about
their usual force the pretty craft was
shoved into the water and the crew clam
bered in.
Before she had gone more than a few
feet from the beach something went wrong
and in a twinkling she was upside down
in the treacherous waves with a portion of
the crew underneath. The unde"rtow at
the point where the launch was attempted
is at all times dangerous even to men un
incumbered with clothing, and those who
had witnessed the accident from the snore
soon saw that some of the men were in
serious difficulties and in danger of their
lives and rushed to the rescue.
Three of the crew, including Captain
Morton, had become entangled in the
ropes and tackle of the boat, and were in
great danger when the rescuers reached
the beach.
Tne first man to reach the scene was the
barkeeper ot a neighboring resort, who
with the instinct of his caljing had seized
a bottle of whisky as he rushed from the
house, to be handy in case of need.
A short, stout man was the first to
emerge from the breakers, and to him the
bottle was offered, but the sailor remarked
that he was already too full of salt water
to hold any more liquid, and dashed back
into the water to rescue his comrades.
The whisky came in handy when the half
drowned men were dragged ashore.
The members of the old crew claim that
Captain Morton's lack of proper manage
ment caused the accident, and point to
the fact that a few years ago several men
were hurt and one killed at the Point
Reyes station through a similar upset.
All of the members of the old crew now
in this City will be present to-day when
the investigation is opened.
Captain Coulson, the Assistant Inspec
tor of the United States Life-saving Ser
vice stationed in this City, was reticent
about the matter, when asked regarding
(he nature of the investigation last even
ing, but admitted that an inquiry would
be held to-day in regard to certain charges
made against Captain Morton.
The names of the members of the old
crew— the complainants against Captain
Morton— with their boat numbers, are as
follows:
No. 1, Samue! Anderson; No. 2, William
Schuler; No. 3, Jonas Robinson; No. 4,
Henry Bell; No. 5, James Swan: No. 6,
William Cunningham; No. 7, James ßaslt;
No. 8, John Connelly.
Captain Morton claims that the over
turning of the boat was the result of a
conspiracy, the tackle having been pur
posely disabled the night before, the men
hoping to have him ousted, on charges
based on the incident.
I'm ili <■ Kennel Club.
Although matters of considerable import
ance concerning the bench show, which will
be held at the Pavilion in May, should have
been discussed last evening before the Pacific
Kennel Club at its monthly meeting, for some
unexplained reason oniy six members put in
an appearance, and, as seven were necessary
to form a quorum, the meeting fell through.
Those present were: H. Orear, secretary; H.
Bier, president; Dr. D. Evylnn, H. H. Canton,
T. J. Watson ana J. B. Barker. The club
opened an oflice yesterday at 628 Market
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, APRIL 2, 1896.
street, where entries for the show will be re
ceived.
The Interstate Coursing Club will meet on
Tuesday evening next.
AN EXPRESS COMBINE.
Several Companies That Do Business
Here Are Preparing to
Unite.
A combination of several of the ex
press and baggage companies doing
business in San Francisco, Oakland,
Alameda and Berkeley is being formed,
and the result will be a powerful com
pany or corporation that will enter
into competition with the Pacific Trans
fer Company, Morton's Special Delivery
Company and others.
The concerns that are expected to go
into the combination are the "Whitney
Transfer Company, the People's Express,
Anderson's Oakland Express Company,
Sharpe's Alameda Transfer Company
and the Patterson Express of Berkeley.
The Greeley Company, carrying express
between this City and" Alameda, is not go-
The British Ships Cromdale and Arctic Stream Under Lower Topsails and Reefed Foresails Starting
on Their Eight Thousand Mile Race to Sydney, N. S. W.
ing into the combine, a representative of
that company says, and there will proba
bly be a lively fight for the Alameda ex
press business in consequence if the ex
pected combination is effected.
Most of the companies mentioned have
heretofore kept out of the San Francisco
field, except to carry express and baggage
between this City and the cities on the
other tide of the bay, but expressmen who
are not in the combine assert that a gen
eral San Francisco business is intended.
It is anticipated that a cut in the rates
acros? the bay will be made in order to
drive the small rivals out of the field.
FOR NARROW SIDEWALKS
The Proposition of Widening
Folsom Street Almost
Assured.
Bids to Be Advertised in July for
Bituminiziug the Thorough
fare to the Bay.
The executive committee of the Folsom
ftreet Improvement Club held a sptcial
meeting last night at the office of A. P.
McDonald to receive the reports of the
sub-committees appointed to interview
property-owners along Folsom street in
regard to the widening of the street and
the narrowing of the sidewalks from Ninth
street to Third.
The reports were so favorable that the
proposition of narrowing the walks seems
an assured thing; of the entire number of
property-owners approached by the com
mittees only two have expressed them
selves as against it.
P. Heyfron reported that he was sure of
1000 feet of the 1600 between Third and
Fourth. John Hannan and J. M. Strauss
said that more than two-thirds of the
people between Fourth and Fifth streets
were favorably inclined. Miss Borden re
ported the block between Fifth and Sixth
favorable. Mr. Meeks failed to send a re
port from between Bixth and Seventh
streets. Captain George Raabe reported
the majority of property-owners between
Seventh and Eighth were highly in favor
of the proposition, and George Catz said a
large number were for it between Eighth I
and Ninth, but as yet he could not guaran
tee a majority.
On motion of A. B. Maguire the invita
tion from the committee of arrangements
for the mass-meeting to be held at Mission
Turn Verein Hall, April 4, was received
and accepted.
It was stated that the Supervisors had
signified their intention to the people
along Folsom street that next July bids
would be advertised for the bituminizing
of that thoroughfare from Third street to
the wharf.
A vote of thanks was tendered P. Hey
fron for his services in the matter of the
sidewalKs.
A committee of five was appointed, the
members to be named tmbsequently by
the chair, to interview the Market-street
Railroad officials next Friday and ask
them why the work on the Folsom-street
car line had not been begun as agreed.
The time of meeting the railroad people
wa3 afterward postponed until Monday.
Republican Club Elect* Office™.
At the reorganization of the Austrian-Slavo
nian-American Republican Club last evening
the following officers were elected: B. M.
Burin, president; George Burich, first vice
president; M. Sabaiin, second vice-president;
T. C. Medovich, recording secretary; John
Raidly, treasurer: endowment committee— M.
Perich, .John liussell. M. Claich, A. Gagre, M.
Radulovich, V. Zupar, Joseph Priess and P.
Bucariza; executive committee— T. C. Medo
vich, M. riabadln, John Raidly, Joseph Priess
and M. Claich. This club has already 150
members on the roll Rnd last election had 427
members and seven delegates to the Republi
can executive council.
In Jail for Pocket-Picking.
Jnmes Bowler, a florist, was arrested last
evening by Officer T. J. Conuell at the instance
of Mrs. Pauline Spuhr and detained at the
California-street police station on a charge of
grand larceny. Mrs. Spuhr alleges thut while
walking along O'Farrell street Monday after
noon a young man who, if not the prisoner,
greatly resembles him, took a purse from her
pocket which contained $(>7. Bowler denies
that he robbed the woman, and says that it is
a case of mistaken identity on her part.
He Will Return and Explain.
F. L. Hansen, the contractor of the Presidio
barracks, who was supposed to have left the
City to avoid his creditors, was heard from yes
terday afternoon by P. M. Kuss of 422 Sutter
street by telephone. He was very much sur
prised to see his name and picture in the morn
ing papers, and says he expects to return to
the City by Friday, when he will be able to
straighten out matters in general.
Mass-meeting of People's Home Savings
BanK depositors at 102 O'Farrell street, Fri
day, 3rd inst., Bp. m. T. S. Williams Jb. , Sec. •.
ALONG THE WATER FRONT
A Most Exciting Ocean Race
Over an Eight Thousand
Mile Course.
FINISHED TWO HOUBS APAET.
The Two Vessels Started From
London Within Five Minutes
of Each Other.
One of the most exciting and closest
ocean races ever engaged in was that be-
tween the British ships Arctic Stream and
Cromdale, now in port. They left the
starting-point within five minutes of each
other and, after battling against contrary
winds over an eight thousand mile course,
there was only a difference of two hours
between them at the finish. Although a
much smaller vessel, the Arctic Stream
held her own throughout, and on a ton
nage allowance would have won hands
down. Captain Bowen is. well satisfied
with the showinj; made by his vessel and
is of the opinion tLat if the race was run
over it would be his vessel that would be
two hours ahead at the end of the voyage.
The Cromdale and Arc'io Stream left Lon
don on August 1 iast. Down thechannel the
vessels scudded along tinder lower topsails
and reefed loresaii. As they disappeared
from view there was not a hundred yards
between them, and the tugboat caotains
remarked to each other that it was going
to be a close race. Both vessels were bound
for Sydney, N. S. W., and Captain Andrew
and Captain Bowen sighted each other
three times during the race. After getting
ciear of the channel they ran across each
other again when fourteen days out. Then
they lost sight of each other for a month
and a half and then on the third occasion
when they were both making their easting
from Tristan u'Acunha.
During the entire run of 8403 miles the
vessels were nearly all the time under two
or three topsails and reefed foresail, yet,
nevertheless, the average was 240 miles a
day. The Cromdale and Arctic Stream
both came here from Sydney, N. S. W.,
the former with 3111 tons of coal and the
latter with 2312 tons. On this occasion
the Cromdale won easily, as she made the
run in seventy-four days, while the Arctic
Stream tooK eighty days to cover the dis
tance. This was not a test of the sailing
qualities of the two ships, however, as
light and burning winds prevailed nearly
all the way from Australia to San Fran
cisco. The}' are not likely to meet again
for some time, as the Arctic Stream is go
ing back to .Sydney, N. S. W., with a load
of wheat anil the Cromdale is not yet
chartered.
The Pacific Mail Company's Central
American steamers will continue to use
Lombard - street wharf for incoming
freight until the busy season is over. The
Acapulco will dock there on her arrival
from Panama and after discharging will
go to the Mail dock to load. Lombard
street wharf is now being put in thorough
repair and if the fruitmen can come to an
understanding it will be turned over to
them as soon as the exchange is estab
lished.
During the busiest hour of the day a
flashlight picture of the scene on the floor
of the Merchants' Exchange was taken
yesterday. The photograpner secured a
good negative and some of the most promi
nent men '"on 'Change" show up well.
Captain Hawley, superintendent of the
Spreckels Towboat Company and Captain
Gray of the Shipowners and Merchants'
Towboat Company appear in one cor
ner discussing the ups and downs
in the life of a towboat cap
tain. Pilot Freeman of the Bonita,
Captain C. Miner Goodall and Captain
Houdlette of the Australia made up an
other group, but the most interesting trio
will be "Big" Jordan, "Little" Jordan
and "Medium" Jordan. The first two
stand in the front rank of skillful pilots
and the third is a well-known water
front reporter for the Examiner. They
make an imposing combination. Perhaps
one of the best groups of all will be that
of J. Daly, A. Marks and W. Downs, the
courteous and obliginn clerks of the ex
change.
The steam schooner Newsboy broke her
shaft during the run to San Francisco and
had to reach oort under sail. She will
discharge and dock for repairs.
During the past month .the following
have graduated from Taylor's navigating
school and have received their certificates
from the Inspectors of Hulls and Boilers:
E. 0. Smith, mate of ocean steamer; I.
Hogan, master of 1500-ton steamers and
pilct for San Francisco, Humboldt, San
Pedro and San Diego; Antlion Walwick,
P. Carlson and J. G. Mojler, mates of
ocean steamers. The latter is also licensed
as a pilot in Alaskan waters. Arnt An
derson and W. C. Sorenson, mates of Pa
cific Coast steamers; George Wright,
master of Pacific Ocean steamers and pilot
for San Francisco to sea and return ; M.
Sneidom, mate and pilot in Alaskan
waters.
Some facetious individual, in order to
celebrate "April Fools'" day, nailed a
nickel on the sidewalk at the corner of
Market and Sacramento streets yesterday.
Every boatload of people who "came over
Jrom Oakland produced irom 50 to 100 peo
ple who ai tempted to pick up thats-cent
piece, and it was ludicrous to see the men
straighten themselves up and try to appear
unconcerned in spite of the laughter of the
newsboys who were on to the joke. During
the rooming hours fully a thousand men,
women and children attempted to pick
up that nickel and got laughed at for their
pains. Finally when the scramble for it
began to obstruct the traffic, Officer Charles
Callaghan removed the offending coin.
COURTESY TO YAMAGATA
The Marshal of Japan Received a Sa
lute of Seventeen Guns at the
Presidio.
Marquis Yamagata, marshal of Japan,
and suite had a trip around the bay on the
tug Fearless yesterday. The marshal was
accompanied by General Forsyth and
staff and General Giaham, U. S. A. ; Chief
Engineer Fletcher A. Wileon, U.S. N. ;
Irving M. Scott, Henry T. Scott, Henry J.
Crocker and others.
The ship-building plant of the Union
Iron Works was inspected, and then the
distinguished visitors went aboard the bat
tle-ship Oreyon.
The tug returning steamed around Alca
traz and pointed for the Presidio, reaching
the wharf of the reservation at 2 o'clock in
the afternoon.
The arrival of the field marshal at the
Presidio was announced by a salute of
seventeen guns, fired by Battery L. Fifth
Artillery. The 8-inch pieces near the bay
gave tone and volume to the salute.
Marshal Yamagata and suite stepped
ashore at the Presidio, but did not leave
the dock, hence there was no parade of the
troops of the garrison. The Fifih Artil
lery band was at the landing and played
the Japanese Nations! air, a!«o the
"Star-Snanpled Banner," "America" and
several other pieces. In honor of the event
the new j^m^on flaz at the Presidio floated
from the flagpole at headquarters.
MIDWEEK THEATER NOTES
James O'Neill Again Appears in
" Monte Crista" at the
Baldwin.
Last Days of "Sinbad" at the Co
lumbia — Crowds Attend the
Orpheom-
James O'Neill will repeat "Monte Cristo"
at the Baldwin to-night, as well as on Sat
urday and Sunday nights. On Friday he
will give his tirst presentation of the mel
ancholy Dane, Hamlet, and it is ex
pected that he will arouse considerable in
terest in that role. The bill for the Satur
day matinee is "Virginius."
Richard Mansfield wiJl appear at the
Baldwin Theater on the loth inst. One of
the earliest pieces to be presented is his
new success, "The Story of Kadion, the
Student."
THte Milton Royle Company, which has
had a very successful engagement at the
California Theater, ends its engagement
with this week. On Monday Peter Uailey
and his company will present "The Night
Clerk," for the rirst time in this City.
There is little or no diminution in the
popularity of "Sinbad," at the Columbia
Theater. On Monday Frank Mayo and
his company will give Mark Twain's
"Pud I'nhead Wilson," its first presenta
tion in this City. The entire original com
pany comes direct from the Herald-square
Theater, New York.
Audiences at the Grand are reveling in
the usual amount of gorgeous scenic effects,
as "The Red Pocket-book" gives the ex
pected amount of scope in that direction.
Miss Lisle Leigh, the new leading lady at
the Grand, is busy rehearsing her role in
"Irene" for next Monday.
"Said Pasha" will continue to be the at
traction at the Tivoli Opera-house till the
end of the week. On Monday the spec
tacular extravaganza "Blue Beard" will
be presented.
Tbe "continuous show" is still the order
of the day, or rather of the night, at
Grover's Alcazar. A fairly good variety
bill is being presented.
The variety stars at the Orpheum con
tinue to pack that popular home of vaude
ville. Segommer, the ventriloquist, is the
cleverest performer, but a number of the
"turns" are above the average.
The Georgia Minstrels at the Auditorium
are attracting large and amused audiences,
The People's Party.
Saturday evening, March 28, the People's
party organizing committee met at Mozart
Hall, 1358 Maruet street and organized the
Twenty-ninth Assembly District Club. T.
H. Porter was unanimously chosen president
and E. S. Barney secretary of the club. H. J.
Tobias, E. S. Barney, W. J. Greer and T. H.
Porter were elected delegates to the County
Convention. T. H. Porter presented the fol
lowing resolutions, which were unanimously
adopted:
Kf.n ilvrd. That we, the members of theTwpnty
nisith .Assembly District Club, do hereby pledge
our determined and unalterable allegiance io the
People's party. National, State and municipal
principles of government.
And whereas we believe the only way to build
op a strong National party Is by laying the foun
dation in county and municipal politics within
party lines; therefore be ie
Kesolvrd, That as members of the People's party
in the City and Couoty or San Francisco we are
opposed to any form of fusion with either of the
old political parties or to any alliance with any
so-called .Noa -Partisan uarty or organization.
The Big Gun Will ISooin.
The twelve-inch rifle will be fired at the
Presidio Friday morning and the large mor
tars will be fired in the afternoon of the same
day. The Presidio band will play concert
music also from 2:30 until 4 r. m.
Visiting cards, invitations, fine writing
papers, gold and fountain pens, inks, pencils,
pocket-knives, scissors, cribbage-boards, poker
chips, game-counters, playing cards, chess,
checkers, score cards, etc., all at reasonable
price?. Sanborn, Vail & Co., 741 Mtrket street.* ,
NEW TO-DAY.
CA '« Pure and Sure."
6V6I2kHCi S
* Baking Powder.
is uniform and reliable
A PIONEER'S SUDDEN END
Charles J. Spaulding Dies on the
Street of Paralysis of
the Brain.
He Came to California in Forty-Nine
With His Parents and Was a
Well-Known Boniface.
Charles J. Spaulding died suddenly at
2 :40 o'clock yesterday afternoon at the cor
ner of Golden Gate avenue and Larkin
street. He had been ailing for some time
from paralysis of the brain and the im
mediate cause of death is attributed to this
affliction.
Mr. Spaulding was a hotel man. He had
been in the hotel business all his life and
was well known in this community. He
was 59 years of age and leaves a widow and
ssven children, four boys and turee girls,
to mourn his cml. He was formerly pro
prietor of the Lick House bar.
The deceased was a life member of the
Society of California Pioneers and also an
exempt fireman. He came to tins State
from New York with his father, who was
a gunsmith and carried on business for
years in this City, in 1849, and resided
here permanently since that time.
The deceased had not been actively en
gaged in business of late. He arose yes
terday morning feeling as well as usual,
and at noon went downtown and called at
the office of the Pioneer Society. It was
while returning home that he fell ex
hausted on the sidewalk and died almost
immediately. He died within a block of
his home.
SEEN IN THE GLASS.
The Microscope Exposes Adulterated
Paris Green Frauds On Ungui
pecting Orchardl9ts.
At the meeting of the San Francisco
Microscopical Society at Montgomery and
Sacramento streets last evening, M. E.
Jaffa, assistant professor of chemistry at
the University of California, gave a dem
onstration oi tests for the purity of paris
green.
Since the ingredient began to be used
extensively for killing the codlin-moth in
orchards, it has been shamefully adulter
ated by wholesale chemists and dealers
with the result that its efficacy was im
paired.
Professor Jaffa conducted a series of ex
periments, under the direction of Pro
fessor Hilpard, at the university agricul
tural station and obtained satisfactory
results. These he demonstrated last even
ing hefore the microseopists.
Me showed that the grosser adulterants
■with certain affinities tor paris green are
easy of detection, since their greater spe
cific gravity caused them to be precipi
tated when the adulterated paris green of
commerce was mixed with water.
Glauber salts was tried by the dealers,
and it united perfectly with the paint
powder. It also melted" free'y in water,
and so the farmer was baffled. Under the
microscope this adulterant was visible,
however.* Mr. Jaffa showed that paris
green under the microscope had the ap
pearance of a collection of minute globules
when pure. When mixed with salts, how
ever, the adulterant was discernable in
crystals among the globules. A plain in
strument with a power as low as 75
diameter would detect the so It crystals.
Bepublicun Lady Delegates.
The executive committee of the Woman's
State Central Republican Club will recommend
that Mrs. Addie L. Ballou, Mrs. Nellie Hol
brook Bl'.nn and Mrs. Dr. Xoble represent their
club as delegates to the Republican State Con
vention. The report will be acted upon at the
meetintr ©f the club on Wednesday evening,
the 15th inst., at the Baldwin Hotel.
Iturned by a Fuse.
John Carbley, employed in the California
electrical works at 35 Market street, was in
jured by a burning electric fuse yesterday
afternoon. The dynamo burned out and a
small blaze was sterted in the premises. An
alarm was turned in from bnx 32, but the ser
vices of the iiremen were not needed.
The Bicycle Thief.
H. M. Hafford, ex-letter-cnrrier, who was nr
rested lnst week for stealing five bicycles from
different cycleries, was yesterdny held by Judge
Jonchimseh to tinswer before" the Superior
Court on two charges of grand larceny in $2000
bonds on each charge. The three other charges
are yet to be disposed of.
tSppill^fl
A smart Broadway, New
/ V York, druggist has
this sign hanging outside
his store; it marks the
new era of drug selling.
Is it any wonder that he
has to enlarge his quar»
ters, that his clerks are
busy, and that his store is
one of the most popular
along the leading thor-'
oughf are ?
You can afford to trade
with a druggist that has
6uch a motto as that.
NEW TO-DAT-AMUSEMENTS.
MACDONOUGH THEATER
(OAKLAND).
To-night, and . ri. , Mil and Sun. J£vgg.
Crowded. House*!
"The Fair ■Mahatma," ANN.-i EVA FAY.
Secure Seats— Prices, 'Jsc, 35c, 50c— No higher.
SHOOT THE CHUTES
Afternoon and Evening;.
ADMISSION (Adults) 1O CENTS.
CHILDREN- ADMISSION, sc: CHUTES, 5c
Ladies— Chutes, Week-Day Afternoous. 6c.
TO-DAY— AMUSEMENTS.
TTMEATRS PRoP^-
TO-NIGHT The Always Welcome
— anb— Comedy Drama,
ALL
this 0 "FRIENDS"
WEEK. By Edwin Milton Royle.
MA-TINEE Management of
SATURDAY. Arthur C. Alston.
r^uEssi ro I'm"!
j ?MI? S j MONDAY! i IviSi i
The Creative Comedian,
P "- DAI LEY
; In "THE NIGHT CLERK."
SEATS READY TO-DAY. ;
. TO-NIGHT!- — ■TO-NIGHT! -i——
r esO'NEILL
"monte cristo!"
Friday .7... ..-....;.. HAMLET
Saturday Matinee.... :..-.., •.'..... VI KGINIUS
Saturday and Sunday Nights
.............MONTE CRISTO
EXTRA— NOW SEMI i
NEXT -WEEK— Second and. Last Week of
jy- .■ .MR. O'NEILL;. •.
Monday and Friday .'. . '. . VIRGINIUS
Tuesday and Sunday COURIER OF LYONS
Wednesday and Saturday. ...-."...MONTK CRISTO
Thursday.... :..V...... ........... ...HAMLET
Saturday matinee, only time ...;. RICHELIEU
. rniCDLAfIDtR.OQTTLDb « <y- ujiCaAnDnAnAeUi— •
ARE AWARE
YOU THAT
THERE WILL BE BUT — —
- 5— MORE PEuFoRM- -5—
.  ANCES OF ' ' "-- '< '
SINBAD
And That Most Complete of All Theat-
rical Organizations,
The American Extravaganza Company!
123 PX3OZ>IjX3!
DAVID HENDERSON. Manager. ,
• LAST MATIN EK ON . SATURDAY.
LAST PEKF«>i:3iANCE NEXT SUNDAY
EVENING, APRIL 5.
Next Monday— FßANK MAYO in Mark
Twain's "I'UDD'NHEAD WILSON."
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE
Mrs. £.b>'estink Krf.i.ino, Proprietor & Manager
EVERY EVENING THIS
UT . : WEEK! t»
,- ■ Richard Stahl's Romantic Opera. .
f ? "SAID PASHA!" *
? "SAID PASHA!" ?
MIRTH AND MELODY.
■ ■■>:- NEXT MONDAY EVENING -
ir:? \z: The Spectacular Easter Burlesque, -
"BXjTTB XSS^XIZD:**
• -': ■ "An Old Friend in a New, Dress."
All the Latest Novelties in Song, Danes
and Humor. ,, »_- • :
. Popular Prices— 2sc and sOc.
MOROSCO'S
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
' The Handsomest Family Theater in America.
WALTER MOROSCO, , Sole Lessee and Manaja;
- THIS EVENING AT EIGHT,
1 . The Romantic French Melodrama, '
♦•THE RED POCKETBOOK
• ■ Adapted from the French by Louis Imhaus.
A Magnificent Production! New Mechanical Ef-
facts! Sixty People on the Stage!
' Svkxino'l'rickj— 2sc 'aad r>3a
family Circle and Gallery. 10s.
Unual Matinees Saturday ana Sunday. •
ORPHEUM.
O'Farrell Street," Between Stoccton anl Po r jIU
1 TO-NIGHT AND DURING THE WEES
An Unparalleled List of Notables!
THE 3 MARVELLES,
SEQOMMER,
THE NAWNS,
BRUET AND RIVIERE
AND
A SUPERB VAUDEVILLE COMPANY!
.Reserved seats, 26c;. Balcony, 10c; Opera aaalri
and Box seats. 80c. ■ . -
THE AUDITORIUM.
Corner of Jones and' Eddy Streets.
Friedlunder, Gottlob & Co., Lessees end .Managers
Every Evening & Saturday and Sunday Matinees,
KICHAKD & Pit N(il,K'S
FAMOUS (.1 (>K(.I MINSTRELS! .
. . Headed by the Great BILLY KEKSANDS.'
Watch for the Baud Parade at 1 l:3O A. St.
• FRKK CONCKK'I at 7:15 P. M. infrontoftht
Theater by one of the finest Rands traveling.
: PRICES 15c, :85c and sOc.
PACIFIC COAST
JOCKEY CLUB
(Ingleside Track).
.:'-■ FIVE OR MORE RACES DAILY."
(RAIN OR; SHINE.) •
FIRST RACE AT 2:00 P. n. :
} : . :: \i{: '['■■■ ADMISSION $1.00.
. Take Southern Facitic trains at Third and Town*
send streets Depot, leaving at. 1:2:40 and 1:15 p. s& ■
Fare , for ; round trip, including admission to grand
stand, $1. Take Mission-street electric line direct •
to track.
A. B. SPRECKELS, ' W. S. LBAKE.
■ President. . ■ •: ' . • Secretary
SUTRO BATHS
AND —
PLEASURE GROUNDS I
THE MAMMOTH FIRTH WHEEL
. , ALWAYS KUNNING. '{
FREE SWING FOB CHILDREN.
HAUNTED SWING, MYSTIC MAZE • ,:
; and PUNCH AND JUDY Constantly '
Operation on MERKY WAT.
: — s^jribceii— ;
I Open from 1 A. 11. Until 11 P. M. Dally,
78
TO UNITE TWO
SISTER CITIES
A Great Terminal Company
to Be Formed for
That End.
THE BAY TO BE SPANNED
Cantilever Bridge on a Grand
Scale to Be Constructed
for Traffic.
NO ENGINEEEING OBSTACLES.
There Might Be Some Dslay in Finan
ciering the Project— An Opinion •
of an Authority.
The project of connecting San Francisco
and Oakland by means of a bridge is
peculiarly fascinating. Commercially as
•well as socially it appeals to the popular ,
LINE OF PROPOSED GIGANTIC SUSPENSION BRIDGE TO CONNECT SAN FRANCISCO AND OAKLAND. THE MAP SHOWS THE ROUTE AT PRESENT PROJECTED.
[From the design of Lyman Bridges, C. E.]
heart and little doubt exists that time will
see the project an accomplished fact.
Speaking of this matter yesterday Lyman j
Bridges, a civii engineer of note, in this !
locality, said:
•'A double track steel cantilever railway ;
bridge for standard and narrow gauge j
tracks between tlieeitiesof San Francisco ;
and Oakland and Alameda is practicable i
beyond question, and the benefits accruing j
therefrom between these, terminal cities in i
time saved for passengers and freight can !
hardly be overestimated.
"The profile of the ground line of San j
Francisco Bay from Folsom street, San i
Francisco (south of all the ferries), to tht*
nearest paint in Alameda south of the
narrow--gauge pier and mole, is entirely
practicable. The bridge will have eieven j
spans of 1000 feet, two spans of 700 feet,
ten spans of 500 feet and two draw or turn
bridges 250 feet each, with a center pier of
50 feet in width, giving a clear space of 100 i
feet on either side of the center pier and a !
mole two miles in length on the Alameda
side having. a width of 40 feet and 32 feet
in the clear on the grade line.
•'The mole will be level with the tQpof the
road -way of the bridge. The length of the '■
bridge will be three and a third miles and
the mole two miles in length. The bridge !
wi.i be of sufficient height to allow tug- ;
boats to pas 3 under arches between piers, j
The piers for the bridge will be white metal,
iron or steel cylinders twenty feet in
diameter, eight feet long, with cast flanges |
at either end. and bolted together after i
*ach section j.s tilled with concrete. Six
of thes» cylinders will be p:aced at each <
pier and well braced and bonded together
at each section while in the caissons. At ■
the roadway at each pier strong steel cross j
beams will be bolted to the cylinders, and
Steel stringers upon which ties, rails and j
guard rails will be placed. ' •
•At the center pier> at the draw or turn !
bridges additional cylinders will be vlaced
for support and guards when the draws '
are opened.
••These draw- bridges will have steam
engines on the top for openine and closing ;
rapidly, andjeiectric signals as well as flag
signals. It is estimated that they can be!
opened or cjosed in one minute.
•At New York the Kill yon Kull draw- j
bridge between Staten Island and New j
Jersey is 250 feet ;span with a 50-foot cen- j
ter pier, and the largest ships successfully j
pass witboutcompiaint from anybody. In ;
Chicago over 20,000 vessels annually pass '
in and out through a dozen draw or swing !
bridges, and commerce is benefited thereby \
because rail and sail are brought more I
closely toeether. For traffic over the great
railway bridge between Omaha and Coun
cil Bluffs they have a vestibule train with
open ends of cars, with four to ten cars in
a train: they drive teams or stocs
into one end of the train, and when a car I
is full of teams or stock close the doors, and '
at the destination at either side of the
Missouri River open, and drive out upon a
platform and inciin-e safely und quickly.
"At Ban Francisco an elevated road, , !
twenty-four feet above and across East ;
street, will bring the railway north along
the three blocks between Kast and Steuart
street? to Market street, simiiar to that of ■
the Pennsylvania Central Railway in the j
city of Philadelphia, at their city* passen- ;
ger ftation, and eventually connect with !
i-.a elevated railway up Market street. Also j
from Folsom and tast streets an elevated
road will swing to the south toward Harri- :
son and Spear or Bralo streets, and con- j
tinue to ttie Third* and Townsend-street j
station and China Basin und Illinois street,
thus connecting with all present lines of •
railways and the present licit Line Kail- ;
May in San Francisco.
••This plan can be extended further by
securing- three or four blocks west of Steu
art and south of Market streets, if a con
centration of railways and fast freight and
fruit business couid be induced to have a
grand central station near the foot of
.Market street and principal ferries.
"At the Oakland' and Alameda end the
lines from the south end of the mole at
tlie juuttion with tne narrow-gauge rail
way can be built to a connection with
Railroad avenue and Prospect street for I
Alameda, and for Oakland from the south
end of the mole to and across Alice-street
railway bridge, which, with a curve from
the bridge to Madison street, in addition
to the present curve into First street,
would make a direct route for passenger
or freight traffic. In addition to the
above. For soutbern, through and subur
ban trains, local trains by First and
Seventh streets, and Port Costa and
Berkeley trains, can curve into and follow
Peralia street, across the estuary with a
drawbridge to the proposed mole, and all
train,- on either side of the bay of San
Francisco cross this much-needed bridge.
Think of crossing ihe bay and going to
Oakland in ten minutes, travelers and
tourists; of getting into your Puiiman
cars in San Francisco.
"Now is the time to act and plan for the
future, as well as for the preseut. The
San Francisco Terminal Company should
have this bridge built witnin the next rive
years."
DEPOSITORS AROUSED.
Victims of the People's Home Bank
Suspicious Over Attorney John
Flonrnoy's Removal.
The executive committee of the People's
Home Savings Bank depositors held a
meeting at 111 Sutter street last night.
The committee was thoroughly aroused
over the action of the board of directors of
the People's Home Bank in removing
John Flournoy as attorney. It decided to
call a mass-meetiug of the depositors at
Foresters Hall, 102 O'Farreli street, for
Friday evening.
At the close of the meeting T. S. Wil
liams Jr., secretary of the committee, said:
•Matters that seriously concern the de
positors will be discussed. A lively meet
ing is expected. Resolutions will be passed
expressing the opinions of the committee
and the depositors, and possibly some
other line of action may be mapped out.
Every depositor is invited to he present.
"M. H. Sherman and the stockholders'
interests are controlling the board of di
rectors. Mr. Flournoy commenced suits
of foreclosure against Sherman in Phoenix,
Axis., and also against the stockholders,
calling in the unpaid capital stock. These
interests removed him from the position !
of attorney so as to relieve them of his ,
asgressive" action. They could not use
Flournoy. 1 '
"And that is the reason why we are sus
spicious," added J. McCarthy, one of the
committea. "We are aroused. So long
as Mr. Flournov was there we knew they
could do no harm; but now that he is out,
we are suspicious, for we have no security
for our rights.
"The depositors' committee is going to
lay the matter before the Bank Commis
sioners, and, if need be, go to the Gov
ernor himself, though we are satisfied the
Commissioners will do their duty."
SHE HAS HEART FAILURE.
Mrs. Susan Martin Had a Faint-
ing Fit in the City Prison
Yesterday.
The Condition of Her Husband, John
F. Martin, Showed Much Im-
provement Last Night.
Mrs. Susan Martin, who shot her hus
band, John F. Martin, deputy County
Clerk, in the corridor of the City Hall
Monday morning, had a bad spell yester
day morning. She has been in a hysteri
cal state ever since her arrest, and yester
day morning she fainted. Dr. Bunnell,
assistant police surgeon, was sent for, and
Ned Foster, her orother-m-law, summoned
Dr. C. W. Card, the family physician, by
telephone.
The physician pronounced it a case of
heart failure, and it was some hours before
she rallied. Her sister, Mrs. Foster, who
has been constantly in attendance on her,
said last night that she was very much im
proved. She is constantly worrying her
self about her husband's condition and
anxiously inquires from her visitors as to
how he is. Mrs. Foster added that ever
since she began to worry about her hus
band's cruelty and neglect she has been
subject to these iainting spells.
Dr. Card said last night that Mrs. Mar
tin was simply suffering from an excess of
worry and excitement and there was noth
ing dangerous in her condition.
John F. Martin was slightly improved
last nieht. His temperature had decreased
from 102}^ Tuesday night to 100 last night,
and no unfavorable symptoms had pre
sented themselves. Peritonitis had not set
in, which Dr. Fitzgibbon said last night was
a hopeful sign. The doctor does not de
spair of pulling him through yet. Martin
expressed to the doctor a strong desire for
a big glass of steam beer, as he thought it
would do him good.
THE OREGON'S TRIAL TRIP.
Superintendent Scott Thinks It Likely
She Will Exceed Fifteen Kaola.
Superintendent John T. Scott of the
Union Iron Works when seen with regard
to the launching of the battle-ship Oregon
at the company's office near the works
yesterday afternoon made the following
statements:
"We intend to put the vessel on the dry
dock the latter part of this month, and it
will be from three to six weeks before she
is ready for sea. It is hard to tell the
exact time in a matter of this kind. We
don't know ourselves.
"As regards the speed of the vessel, she
will be required to make fifteen knots. I
am satisfied there will be no trouble on
this score."
"vVhat is your premium for a faster
rate?"
"Twenty-five thousand dollars for every
quarter of a knot."
"Do you expect to make a premium?"
"Weil, I don't know," was the cautious
reply. "Such a thing is possible- Yes, I
might as well say I am confident she will
exceed this rate, though how much I do
not care to say.
"The trial trip will be in Santa Barbara
Channel, where our preceding five trial
trips have taken place."
For sore or weak eyes use Mitchell's Magic
Lotion. Gives quick relief and strength. *
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, APRIL 2, 1896.
FOUND A SECRET SHRINE
; Dr. Wolff's Remarkable Discov
ery in the Lofty Mountains
of Fiji.
, A TEMPLE CENTURIES OLD.
Meeting Place of a Mysterious Society
of Natives Inimical to the
Government.
Professor P. E. Wolff, the anthropologist,
of Berlin, who arrived here a day or two
j ago, says he has found in the mountains
j of Fiji a strange stone temple, the place
of meeting of an old secret society, cvi
: dently of native Masons.
As many as 70U natives have been able
; to meet there at a time, so large is the old
; temple.
It is a queer place in the mountain
! heights where the ancient temple was
built, and it shows, curiously enougi. as
i Dr. Wolff has learned, that centuries ago
i the people long known to us as bar
barians belonged to the secret order and j
I held their meetincs there. What is more, i
j the mountain Fijians who are members J
I yet hold their meetings there, and are very j
tenacious of the secrets of the order.
Dr. Wolff heard of the ancient temple
in a strange way through the Rev. Lori- I
mer Fison.whohad been a long time in
Fiji. The anthropologist, who had started
out on a tour of investigation in various
Pacific islands for the governments of
Germany, France and Spain, as well as the
Smithsonian Institution, determined he
would find out all about it if it took him
weeks and endangered his life.
He was pleased beyond measure that he
was at last able to locate the temple and
secure a large amount of accurate informa
tion regarding the wonderful and highly
mysterious societies.
"The secret shrine is in the heart of
Fiji," said Dr. "Wolff, "in what is known
Dr. P. E. Wolff, Who Found the Tem
ple, Centuries Old, of the Native
Masons in Interior Fiji.
[Sketched from life by a ''Call" artist.]
as Viti-Levu, or Big Fiji. It is a sacred
stone inclosure in the open air in the form
of a parallelogram, and with the walls
standing to a height of from four to five
feet. Surrounding the sacred temple are
a number of trees, which cast their re
freshing shadows over it.
"It was only after a great deal of effort
that I managed to get up into the moun
tains where it was; but I finally succeed
ed, and saw it with my own eyes. It took
me seven days to go twenty -six miles. I
The Remains of the Ancient Temple in the Mountains of Fiji, Where Members of
the Strange Native Secret Society Have Met for Ages.
[From a sketch by Dr. Wolff.]
had seven men with me in all, and all
being natives who were acquainted some
what witn the country.
'•I started from the town of Dute-Walu
and paddled up the Navna River till we
got to a point nearly opposite the secret
shrine, and then we started across the
mountains. It was a slow and very diffi
cult task making our way through the
busb, and only by strong effort amid dis
couragements was the expedition able to
get throueh.
"I investigated the founding of the tem
ple, and from the best information I could
get 1 found that the secret society was
very old, as old as the Masons, and, as I
had every reason to believe, it was that
order itself. Probably the society was
founded during the trip of the Spanish
navigator Mendana, three centuries ago.
when he went from Pern. There is a
manuscript in Spain which tends to cor
roborate this. Mendana was a Mason.
Galego, the pilot of the fleet, tells that the
natives &hot at them with silver-tipped
arrows. The finding of the manuscript
was kept quiet for a long time.
"The natives of Fiji belonging to this
ancient order are inimical to the Govern
ment, and John Thurston, the Governor
of Fiji, has, as a matter of precaution, es
tablished a garrison in the district.
"The ancient temple, which is in the
form of a parallelogram, is divided into
three parts. The entrance Is for the first
degree members, or novitiates, and they
can get no further for four years. Then,
if they are deemed admissible they can go
a step further and take a second degree,
going into the second part. After four
years, il after the tests they are considered
sufficiently worthy, they are admitted into
the holy manga, which is a sacred inclos
ure entirely of stone, whose secrets can
only be known to those who have reached
the high conditions required."
Dr. Wolff considers the discovery of the
temple of signal importance in a scientific
way. He will deliver lectures about it at
Stanford and Berkeley universities. He
says t here are other places where members
of this strange native order have long
met, but none of them are so important as
this. In fact, the old temple is the only
structure of the kind vet discovered.
The discoverer will speak before the
Science Association of Berkeley University
on Thursday evening, April 9. The date
of the Stanford lecture is yet to be fixed.
T0 AID THE NEWSBOYS.
A Benefit to Be Given for the Powell-
Street Home.
A monster benefit will be given at the
Young Men's Christian Association on
Tuesday evening, the 21st inst., for the
benefit of the recently established News
boys' Home at 112 Powell street.
The home is making highly satisfactory
progress as far as the active interest of the
boys is concerned. The room where the
boys pat'her daily for their wholesome 5 or
10 cent meals is crowded by the young
caper venders and yesterday afternoon
eighteen of them enjoyed the bathing
privileges for the first time furnished by
the home.
Singing classes and classes for evening
study will be organized shortly and some
benevolent ladies are arranging to provide
cots and bedclothing for the boys who
want a clean but cheap lodging.
An organization of the boys under 15
years of age has been formed for the pur
suit of profitable and pleasing exercises,
among the most popular being a military
drill. The officers are: John McKeever,
president; Thomas Smith, vice-presi
dent; Abe Harris. vice-president;
John Williams, secretary; Charles
Nelsun, assistant secretary; James Kel
lece, sergeant-at-arms; Tn'omas Kennedy,
assistant sergeant-at-arms. The club
meets every Saturday evening. The older
boys, whose organization has not yet been
perfected, hold their weekly meetings on
Thursday evening.
A restaurant for the public, distinct
from the newsboys' dining-room, has been
onened, in the hope that it may serve to
at least partially support the institution.
THE POLICE TRIBUNAL.
Two Patrolmen Dltmliied From the
Force and Two Fined.
The Police Commissioners were occupied
several hours last night in hearing the evi
dence on charges against four patrolmen,
and two of them were dismissed from the
force.
William Qilheany, who conducted him
self in a peculiar manner by scaring the
women on Berry street, was one of the
two dismissed, and John Fanning was the
other. Fanning, who is an old officer, had
two charges against him, one of being in
toxicated when he should have been on
duty and the other not reporting for doty.
John Kenville for slapping a boy in the
Mission on the face was fined $50, and
John W. Durkiti for not patrolling his
beat was fined $25.
The Evolution of Happlnens.
Professor Henry Huntington Powers de
livered a lecture last evening at the Academy
of Sciences on "The Evolution of Happiness."
His lecture was the second of the present series
of discourses given unde* the auspices of the
Stanford University Extension Ciub of this
City.
Professor Powers held that when man had
learned the art of changing "things into
goods"— dislributing wealth and acquiring
property, works of art, etc.— he had not learned
happiness. This was only the beginning of
the proces.9 of evolution of happiness. The
error of the whole human race was mat man
could not get some good— some satisfact.on
from goods. The full measure of happiness
was obtainable only through a collective or co
ordinate enjoyment. Tne sounds of nature
were dreary and monotonous. Even the most
melodious sounds — the songs of birds — were
exceedingly simple. They don't give per
manent satisfaction. Primitive man used his
ears to detect sounds of nature; civilized man
wants variety and haa developed music, with
possibilities of pleasure measured only by the
power to comprehend.
BOSS PAINTERS
DECIDE TO FIGHT
Masters' Association Will
Bitterly Combat the
Union's Card.
THEIR CASTIRON FLEDGE
To Issue a List of Those Who
Refuse to Unionize Their
Shops.
THE WORKING CARD IN FORCE.
It Was Favorably Accepted Yesterday
by Contractors All Over the
City.
The Master Painters' Association held
an important meeting last night and de
cided to fight the Building Trades Coun
cil's working-card system so far as it
applies to the Painters' and Decorators'
Union. About forty new members joined
the association and accepted the pledge
to fight the union jonrneymen to the bitter
end.
The Painters' Union is rejoicing over
the fact that St. Denis <fc Co. have union
ized their shop. Work will be begun by
this rirrn on the Parrott building very
soon.
The working card of the Allied Building
Trades went into effect yesterday, and re
ports were made that it was well received
by the contractors. No walkouts were
ordered under the new system, but in sev
eral instances non-union men were com
pelled to quit work.
BOSSES WILL FIGHT.
The Master Painters Are Pledged
to Resist the Union
Card System.
From the developments at the meeting
of the Master Painters' and Decorators' |
Association last night at the Builders' j
Exchange there is to be a most determined !
and aggressive stand taken by the mem- '■
bers of that association against the card '
system, put into practice yesterday by the
painters and the other affiliated unions of
the Building Trades Council.
It was learned for the first time yester
day that about a month ago a resolution
was adopted pledging every member of
the association to resist individually and
jointly the introduction of the card
system.
At the meeting last night among tne !
subjects discussed was the reported j
recalcitrancy of some of the mem- I
bers of the association, and at the
conclusion of the session, which lasted for
nearly four hours and was not over until
near midnight, it was announced that not
a single member had agreed to concede to j
the demands of the striking painters.
When the instance of St. Dems & Co.,
who are painting in the Parrott building,
was cited as a case wherein the painters I
had won a victory, it was stated that this
arm's adhesion to the card system was
but temporary in all probability and in
: duced simply by the fear that the present
! profitable job on the Parrott buiJding
might r.ot be lost. No member of the firm
was present at the meeting, so the state
ments made in explanation of the action
of tne firm were really based on surmises
only.
It was claimed by the painters yesterday
that M. J. Donovan had agreed to recog
nize the card system, but at the meeting he
denied that he had made such a conces
sion.
Forty-two new members were added to
the association list, nearly doubling the
membership, which is now close to 100.
Those who joined last night had been sent
special letters of invitation to do so. In
furtherance of the policy to further con
solidate the bosses it was decided to retain
the reduced initiation fee of $2 50 for sixty
days in order to encourage new applica
tions for membership. At the end of this
period the iniation will be advanced to $25.
So strongly wrought up were the mem
bers by the reports that the pledee against
the card system had been violated by
various firms that it was decided to put
every member on record on this subject by
i having the firm or individual sign the
pledge. Copies of this will then be
published.
ST. DENIS* POSITION.
The Union Painters Do Not Believe
He Wiil Betray Their Con
fidence.
The position taken by J. St. Denis and
bis partner, Mr. Macauley, in settling their
differences with the Painters' Union, was
assailed yesterday by several of the em
ploying painters. Tf*yr said that St. Denis
& Co. only made terms with the union
painters in order to complete several big
time contract jobs they have on hand and
that the firm will break its compact with
the union as soon as the urgent work on
hand is finished. They contended that
pressure was brought to bear on St. Denis
& Co. by the Parrott estate, and that the
contractors were obliged to get men on
any terms.
These remarks were repeated to several
prominent members of the Building Trades
and Painters' Union, whereupon one made
the following answer:
Ido not believe it. St. Denis <fc Co. came out
openly and fought the union like men. They
met the arbitration committee like men and
made an agreement like men . It is not at all
likely that they will act in any but a manly
manner in keeping their word "of honor, and
the person who fights you like a man will never
stab you in the back: like a savage after pro
claiming peace.
FAVOR ARBITRATION.
The Building Trades Council's Rep-
resentatlves Will Call Upon
P. N. Kuss To-Day.
The building trade 3 people are well
satisfied so far as can be learned with th«
success of its grievance or arbitration com
mittee in securing for the striking painters
a settlement with J. St. Denis & Co.. so
that the latter's shop is now unionized.
The work in this line will not stop.
It is the belief that nearly every
employing painter in the City can be in
duced to make terms with the Painters'
Union, so that further trouble may be
avoided. If so, they reason that such a
course is far better than prolonging or in
creasing the present difficulties.
This morning H. It. Saundera and J.
McCartney of the Buildine Trades Coun
cil will call upon P. N. Kuss, the painter
who has held out so firmly against the
Painters' Union. Tnev wi!l do all in their
power to induce him to settle the present
trouble by arbitration, the same as St.
Denis & Co. They claim that the mission
of the council is to settle differences peac
abiy instead of by radical measures. Other
employing painters will be called upon as
soon as possible.
NO MEN CALLED OUT.
The Walking Delegates of the Build
ing Trades Council Met With
No Opposition.
According to ample notice previously
given by all the unions affiliated with the
Building Trades Council the card system
went into effect yesterday. This signified
that contractors for all kinds of buildings
and for all work done by the craftsmen of
unions affiliated with the Building Trades
Council were to employ no man except
such as could show a properly certified
card from his union declaring him to be in
good standing. Failure to restrict the
torce of men employed to the holders of
union cards is to be met with the calling
out of all union men employed on the
same building or job.
So far as calling out men or precipitat
ing a strike is concerned, the work of H.
M. Saunders and R. T. Mclvor, the walk
ing delegates appointed by the Building
Trades Council to bring about the exclu
sive employment of union men on all jobs
now in progress in the City, was barren of
results. But the intelligent and conserva
tive course of these two men yesterday
undoubtedly strengthened the cause of the
union men directly interested in this con
test, as well as labor unionism generally.
They found non-union men, it is true,
working in some cases with union men,
but where the bosses promised future com
pliance with the demands of the unions —
the recognition of the card Bystem—con
cessions were made and work was allowed
to continue uninterruptedly.
Both Mclvor and Saunders started out
early in the morning to investigate all re
; ported cases where non-union men were
j employed with union men. On the build
' ing in course of alteration at the corner of
First and Market streets, it was reported
that several non-union lathers were being
em ployed by Chris Morehouse. A visit to
the place snowed , however, that the non
| union men had been laid off, owine to the
refusal of the union carpenters and union
plasterers to work with them. The latter
assured Saunders that if any attempt was
i made to put on any non-union men they
j would all walk out "without further notice.
A three-story bay-window house is in
j course of erection on Post street, just east
I of Larkin, under a contract witn James
I Logan. Here fifteen non-union lathers
I were at work, as the result of the recent
) lathers' striKe. Mr. Logan has always
j shown a most friendly spirit toward the
unions, and his representation that the
lathers would complete their task by
night and his promise that in all future
jobs be would recognize the card system,
j Fiis force— union and non-union men— was
left undisturbed.
At Fourth and Welsh streets it was
| found that all the employes were union
: men, though it had been reported other
j wise.
At tne Parrott building the men had
! the most difficult problem to solve.
i As already announced in The Call, Si.
I Denis <fc Co. had agreed to recognize
I the card system and unionize their whole
force. This they did. The committee
found, however, three non-union men do
ing some polishing work for P. V. Kuss,
one of the boas painters arrayed against
, the card system. This was at first consid
i ered sutlicient cause to call off the several '
j hundred union men employed on the I
I building.
But a further investigation of the mai-
I ter showed that this work was not being ,
! done on the building proper nor under
| contract with the Parrott estate. It was
finishing work on some fixtures for one of
the intending tenants, who had contracted i
for it. Kuss refused to discharge and re- j
place them with union men, and thus the j
matter stands.
This action of the committee was at
NEW TO-DAT.
jln Spring Time
itake that which will
build up the tissues and
supply force to the|
! muscular, digestive and
| nervous systems* If I
jyou are thin, without!
| appetite, pale because!
of thin blood, or easily!
exhausted, why further \
jweaken the body byj
using tonics? Scott's!
Emulsion of Cod-liver j
Oil with Hypophos-
; phites is what you need*
I Cod-liver Oil is a food.
It produces force and
builds up the system in
a substantial way*
The Hypophosphites
give strength to the
j nerves* Better appe-
tite, richer blood and
healthy flesh come to
stay.
first considered to be showing too great
leniency to the Parrott building contract
ors, but when it became known that the
Kuss job was entirely apart from the woik
on the building, the good sense and care
full judgment of the committee wai gen
erally approved.
Mrs. Blakeney. the lady who has been a
year engaged in raisiDg her house at 322
Ellis street and adding a basement to it,
was found to be employing non-union
help, but it was found impossible by either
member of the committee to get within
arguing distance of the lady-afraid-01-con
tractors-and-unions.
Several other places were visited, but
for various reasons it was oleeided to defer
definite action for a day or two. The work
of "unionizing" all building jobs will be
continued tonlay.
PLUMBERS IN LINE.
They Pass Resolutions of Sympathy
and Decide to Affiliate With
the Council.
Significant and important action was
taken at the meeting of the Journeymen
Plumbers' ana Gastitters' Union last night
at the Alcazar building. Resolutions of
sympathy with the striking painters were
passed and the hope was expressed that
the card-system would win, as the
plumbers of this City had been most suc
cessfully working under that system for
the past fourteen years.
Their expression of sympathy was fol
lowed by something more suDstantial.
however. A committee of three was an.
pointed to arrange for ti:e affiliation of the
union with the Building Trades Council.
The import of this may be gathered from
the fact that the plumbers constitute one
of the most influential unions in the City,
and have never had occasion to come to
an ovort issue with employers or contract
ors. Ihe amalgamation of this union,
which is a branch of the United Associa
tion of Plumbers and Gasfitters of the
United State* and Canada, with the Build
ing Trades Council will give hoth added
strength and prestige to the council.
THE DISTRICT COUNCIL.
The Bulldlnar Trades' Working-Card
System Reported to Bo Well
Received by Contractors.
A short session of the District Council
of Carpenters and Joiners was held last
evening. Business Agent H. M. Saun
ders made a long report upon the recep
tion of the working card. He said that
none of the building contractors manifest
any opposition to the card. In several in
stances the non-union men left the jobs or
were ordered by the bosses to quit work.
Several mixed jobs were found, but they
will be at once straightened out without
the necessity of a strike or a call-out ot
the union workmen. His discretion in
these matter received the approval of the
delegates.
THE DERRICK WORKERS.
The spirit of organization among the.
laboring men seems to be spreading. The
derrick workers will soon form a union,
and the character of their work will per
mit them sending delegates to the Build
ing Trades Council. In this City there
are upward of a hundred men who make
a living by derrick work, and their pres
ence is always observed around the *iew
stone and iron buildings. The handling
of bi£ slabs of stone and iron girders and
beams is a trade by itself and ordinary
laborers are unable to perform this char
acter of work.
Mr. McCartney, a delegate to the Build
ing Trades Council, has been among the
derrick workers recently with a view of
organizing the men of that craft. A num
ber have promised to call a meeting at an
early date, and if a sutlicient number can
be obtained, form a union. Among the
first efforts such a union would put forth
would be the regulation of hours of labor,
a minimum wage and a demand for the
recognition of their union.
■ , NEW TO.DAT. . ;; - . ; y . ': '■ :.'
SOLE AGENTS FOR THE ..". ; :
MAQQIONI KID GLOVES.
THIS^^EK
Easter '
| Opening.
SUPERB DISPLAY
OF 1
SPRING STYLES,
Novelties and Exclusive Designs Id
I Easter Gloves, Neckwear. Par-
asols, Silk Waists, Fans. Laces.
S li. k^' ■-Tr. l mln * s> Handker-
chiefs, Ribbons, Hosiery, Un-
derwear, Corsets, Leather
Goods and Sterling Silver-
"Weir"©* * ■ 'V.Vv. ' ' '• ,
EASTER SPECIALS.
25 Entirely New and Choice De- 'j% ■■
" signs in Figured Taffeta Silks, PLa
which we have marked at.-the nil
extraordinary low price; of WWU
• These good? eclipse any previous offer and
are well worth S?L per yard. " - :
OUR $1.00 KID GLOVES.
< 120 dozen more of those Ladies' 4 Button
Ulacn Gloves, with lance buttons and em-
. hroMcred backs, in. white, creamy yellow
pearl, tan, red. mode, brown, slate and black.' .
■ Our word for it, the Best Dollar Gloves that
money can boy. ; - "™
AYe lit and guarantee every pair. *
JUST OPENED,
>ew Linen Batistes in stripes, plaidrind
embroidered effects from 5Oc Wo »1 per Yard.
Kew Ltne of Dimities, In wash colors, at 1&
» ■ & y &tq. '■' ■ .* ■ m a ,»; ■■■■-..-
-v These goods are beautiful patterns and immense
ap W^nKtl XPeCUtIOM - Our woM for it -
NEWMAN & LEVINSON,
125, 127, 129, 131 KearnySt.
[ Bran Store 743 and 744 Market St.SCIENCE TRIUMPHS
OVER DISEASE
Dr. Ellinwood Performs a
Wonderful Surgical
Operation.
WITHOUT A PARALLEL.
Cancerous Growth Successfully
Removed by Clever
Means.
MURPHY BUTTON IS LOST.
The Cathode Ray Will Probably Be
Employed to Locate the Missing
Article.
The medical world of San Francisco is
directing its attention toward a surgical
operation recently performed by Dr. Ellin
wood at the City and County Hospital.
In many respects it is the most remarK
able of modern surgical accomplishments,
and with perhaps half a dozen exceptions
i- without a parallel in the history of med
ical science.
On January 14 last Mrs. Lizzie Tschech,
the wife of a laborer living at 444 Union
street, was carried to the County Hospital.
The nature of her ailment was unknown
at that time, but it was plainly evident
that she was a very sick woman— ?ick unto
death in fact, unless speedily afforded re
lief. She was pale, emaciated and utterly
unable to retain any food on her stomach.
It was only a matter of days when the
woman would die of starvation if the un
known disease did not lirst rinish its
deadly work.
Dr. Ellinwood was finally asked to diag
nose the case, and to him the woman is
indebted for her earthly existence to-day.
Carefully and with that leisure incident to
the profession when doubt exists the phy
sician made his examination. At the end
of the pbdomen he discovered a hard,
lumpy substance — carcinoma is the medi
cal t«rm, and means a cancerous tumor.
Mrs. Tschech and her husband were in
formed that unless an operation were per
formed her life must soon pay the forfeit
demanded by the insidious disease. Even
should the knife be resorted to there was
no guarantee of success — first, because the
disease had been allowed to run a long
timd and cures of this particular
nnd peculiarly located trouble were ex
ceedingly rare.
The wife and husband consulted long
and earnestly together. There was one
chance for life in tiie operation proposed, j
If it failed then it would only hasten the
relief from the living death the woman
-was then suffering. Mrs. Tsoheoh would
trasp the hope held out by Dr. Ellinwood,
because anything was better than her con
dition at that time.
On January 30 the woman, pale, emaci
ated and scarcely able to raise her head,
was laid on the operating table in ward G
»»f the County Hospital. Dr. Ellinwood,
;i misled by Drs. Rixford and Stillman, ap
plied themselves willingly but by no
means fearlessly to the task.
An incision wa3 made at a point just
above where the tumor lay. The foreign
growth, with its insidious arms and
prong*, was found.
To remove the growth was a matter of
easy moment, but how to repair the gap
of three or four inches was altogether an
other matter. What is know as the
"Murphy button" — an ingenious surgical
device used with success in the Paris hos
pitals—offered the only possible way out
of the difficulty, and the operating sur
geons took advantage of the chance.
The operation was performed. For
hours the woman lay in a semi-conscious
condition, and then she began to improve
rapidly. During the first four or five days
what nourishment she received was ob- |
tamed by absorption. After that time she I
found ;* easy to take milk and light dift
in the natural way, and for the last four
weeks has been eating all kinds of solids.
To-day Mrs. Tschech is able to walk any
reasonable distance, and the only thing
preventing her discharge from the hospi
tal is the Murphy button which saved her
life.
This little scientific device is so arranged
as to cut itself loose from its environments
at the end of a week or ten days. It is now
two months since the button was put in
:he anatomy of Mrs. Tschech to do its
work, and in spite of all precedent it per
sists in remaining there. It is this fact
which now troubles Dr. Ellinwood and his
assistants.
There is no doubt about the success of
the operation, the woman's condition
to-day showing that she-is aa healthy and
sound as ever.
Dr. Ellinwood has about determined
that there is only one thing to do, and
that is to turn on the cathode ray. Unless
the button manifests its whereabouts dur
ing the next week ho will employ the new
discovery in the hope ot learning its pres
ent abiding place.
SING FOR THE NURSES.
Muslcale in] Aid of the City Training
". • '_ . School for Nurse*.
■ A, musicale for the benefit of the San
Francisco School for Nurses will be given
at the Occidental ' Hotel on Monday even
ing, the 13th inst. •
■ The programme, which is under the di
rection of Mrs. George H. Powers, will in
clude vocal solos by Mrs. Hochstadter
(nee Newman) and ■W. T. Andrews, a
pianoforte- io!o"by Miss Marie Wilson and
a violin solo by Miss Bfckhuson. W. T.
Sabin, organist of St. Luke's, will be the
accompanist. The evening's entertain
ment will be concluded by dancing.
The tickets,, the price of which is $1 each,
can he obtained from Miss Mary Patton,
the superintendent of the school, and from
the patronesses. •.
•The institution, which is located at the
City ana County Hospital, has made re
markable progress, both as to thorough
ness of instruction and attendance, under
the present management.
• The patronesses are: Mrs. George H.
' Powers, Mrs. Selden S. Wright. Mrs. C N.
Kllinwood, Mrs. Gibbons Jr., Mrs. G. A
Crux, Mrs H. K. Huntincton, Mrs. Sanaa
I-orman, Mrs. C. Kl wood Brown, Mrs. 8.
Ella Long, Mrs. Major Joseph L. Moody
Mrs. 8. W. Holladay, Mrs. Darling, Mrs!
Washington -Dodge, Mrs. E. P. Cole. Mrs
W. B. Brown, Mrs. L. L. Baker Mrs
.Thomas Cole Mrs. Van Brunt of Ala
nirda, Airs. John Knell, Mrs. I'Hote of
Stanford University, Mrs. Joseph P. Black
and Miss Evelyn Moss.
U«ed a Potato-Masher.
John Ivanvich, waiter in a restaurant at 507
Clay street, was arrested at 1 o'clock yesterday
afternoon for assaulting B. McCullough wiih a
potato-masher. He preferred a counter charge
of assault against MeCullough, who had been
ejected from the restaurant for using abusive
language and refusing to pay for his meal. He
returned to the place and was met by Ivanvich
at the door, and the restaurater hit him on the
head with the masher. Again MeCullough re
turned and proceeded to throw dishes at Iyan
vich, striking him In the head and back. When
Ivanvich got through using the masher MeCul
lough was a fit subject for the Receiving Hos
pital.
CITY HALL DIRECTORY.
Peace Between the Merchants and the
City Hall Commissioners.
Peace now reigns between the City Hall
Commissioners and the Merchants' Asso
ciation. The vexed question of a floor
directory for the new City Hall, which has
latterly evoked some spirited corre
spondence between the two bodies of
gentlemen, seems now in a fair way
to be set at rest. Assistant Secretary
Keckeit of the City Hall Commission
waited upon the Merchants' Association
yesterday with a special message from the
Commissioners, to the effect that they
would be glad to meet the directors of the
association for the purpose of arranging a
satisfactory solution of the directory
matter. The conference will take place
next Tuesday morning at the regular
meeting of the Commissioners, and it be
gins to look as though visitors to the new
City Hall would soon cease to feel like
babes in the wood when they visit that
labyrinthine structure.
Feralta-Reavis Case.
United Ptatcs Commissioner Heacock yes
terday held Sandoval and Valencia, charged
with conspiracy in connection with the
Peralta-Keavis land swindles iv Arizona and
New Mexico.
THE FOUR PUPILS WHO WILL REPRESENT THE SAN FRANCISCO SCHOOLS IN THE DEBATE.
HIS SKULL FRACTURED
James Johnson, an Ex-Convict,
Dies at the Receiving
Hospital.
Hugh Smith, a Young Teamster, Is
Arrested and Charged With
Manslaughter.
James Johnson, an ex-convict 35 years
of age, died at the Receiving Hospital yes
terday morning, and his body was taken
to the Morgue where an inquest will be
held. In connection witli his death, Hugh
Smith, a teamster living at 21 Hunt street,
was arrested yesterday by Po;icemen T. L.
Ryan and Tuite, and was booked at the
City Prison on a charge of manslaughter.
Johnson and a woman named Lizzie
Johnson, with whom he had been living
at 31 Hunt street, were arrested on Sun
aay morning on suspicion of having stolen
a gold watch from John Smith in the Oak
land House on Third and Howard streets.
Johnson seemed to be very drunk at the
time of his arrest, and as he had a wound
in his scalp he was taken to the Receiving
Hospital, where his wound was dressed
iby Dr. Rinne. He was then taken to the
| t'itv Prison.
On Tuesday morning he appeared to be
suffering from delirium tremens, and he
was sent back to the hospital where he
died yesterday morning. Then it was dis
covered that his skull had been fractured,
and Policemen Ryan and Tuite were de
tailed to make an investigation as to how
Johnson sustained the fracture of the
skull.
The officers went to Hunt street, and the
first one they a?ked was Hugh Smith, the
young teamster. Smith at once admitted
that he had a fight with a man answering
jonnson's description on Sunday morn
ing, and when taken to the Morgue he at
once identified Johnson as the man.
"My attention was called to two men
fighting on the corner of Third and Hunt
streets," said Smith, "by my mother's
screams. I saw a big man beating an old
man, and Ir an up to them and told the
big man he ought to be ashamed of him
self lor beating such an old man. The big
man made a swipe at me and I struck him
twice in the face., knocking him against the
wall. He fell to the ground, his head
striking hard on the pavement. I thought
nothing more about it and went back
home."
The police are searching for the old man
Johnson was beating. They have learned
that he was urging Johnson to return the
watch to John Smith, who had been
robbed in the Oakland House, when John
son struck him.
Hugh Smith is a respectable young man
and was married a few months ago. John
son got twelve years for burglary in 1885,
and two months ago he was arrested for
vagrancy and having burglars' tools in his
possession.
AMATEUR SWIMMERS.
An Interesting Tournament To-Night
at the sutro Baths.
The Alumni Swimmers will give their
third tournament this evening at the Sutro
baths. The events and some of the en
tries are as follows:
First race, 50 yards— P. Ameo, J. E.
O'Connor, Charles Turner.
Second race, quarter mile— Open to all
amateurs under 16 years.
The tiiird and fourth events will com
prise high and fancy diving.
The hith number will be a special con
test betwjen Louis Hassbagen and C. J.
Waters at 75 yards. Hasshagen of the
Alumnis holds a record for this distance,
while Water was champion of the Impe
rials back East. Great interest is Seine
taken in this event in amateur swimming
circles.
Warren E. Price on Trial.
The trial of Warren E. Price, charged with
circulating ob.scene literature through the
United States mails, was begun in the United
States District Court yesterday.
We have just received twenty-lour entirely
new and beautiful patterns in moldings for
picture- frames. If you want any framing done
come where you can get the newest things at
reasonable prices, banborn, Vail <fc Co., 741
Market street. •
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, APRIL 2, 1896.
WHICH CITY CAN TALK?
Great Inter-High School Debate
to Take Place This
Month.
SAN FRANCISCO VS. OAKLAND.
Lowell and Oakland High Schools to
Be Pitted Against Each Other
in Oratory.
An event which is attracting great in
terest in Sau Francisco and Oakland edu
cational and social circles ia the inter
high school debate which is to take place
in Oakland on the 24th inst. The Lowell
High School of this City and the Oakland
High School are to be pitted against each
other in an oratorical controversy.
Never before in the history of these
schools has such a contest taken place.
They have always been rivals for athletic
honors, but this will be a new departure.
The subject to be discussed is: "Re
solved, That the substitution of a re
sponsible Ministry for the President's
Cabinet would be beneficial to the United
States Government."
Oakland is to espouse the affirmative
side, while San Francisco will argue for .
the negative.
The Lowell High School Debating So
ciety has chosen its speakers. Its cham- ;
pions are J. C. Colman, Aaron H. Brown
and J. Frank English. Otto H. Hahn is
the substitute, and has been giving the
young men very valuable assistance in
their preparations. Mr. Clark, head of the j
history department at the Lowell High !
School, has taken a great interest in this
contest, rendering the chosen speakers
invaluable aid. Mr. Morton, principal,
and Mr. Kellogg, head of the English de- i
partuent, are also striving to bring the ,
honors of victory to San Francisco.
The Lowell High School Debatiner So
ciety has been in existence for a little over
a year, and it can well be proud of its rec
ord. It is the most sucoesßful of all the i
movements that have been taken at this ;
school to band the students in closer re
lationship to one another. The Oakland
High School will choose its debaters from i
the following list: Bertram Reynolds, '
Archie J. Cloud, Harry F. Keeler, Fred G. j
Dorety and Charles Inagle.
The date of this lirst inter-high school '
debate is awaited with great interest by j
the students and faculty of the schools.
CUSTOM-HOUSE BATTLE
A Special Agent Was in the
City Unknown to Moore
and Wise.
Came to Gather Information About
the Scandals in the Collector's
Office.
A special agent of the treasury from
Washington has been in this City, making
a secret investigation of the Wise-Moore
controversy.
There are all sorts of rumors flying about
the Custom-house in regard to the battle
between Collector of the Port Wise and
Special Agent Moore of the Treasury De
partment. One day the Collector seems to
j have won a significant victory and the
i next the special agent apparently has a
| slight advantage. This panorama of events,
! these stereopticon views of official life in
the Government Bervice, has furnished
plenty of entertainment for those whose
duties call them daily to the big brown
buildinz on Battery street.
To those acquainted with the situation
and who are particularly interested in the
outcome the antagonism between the two
j officials of the Government is one of more
than paseing concern. It means the dis
missal of certain subordinates under the
Collector of the Port or the removal of
Major Moore from the San Francisco
agency. Moore has been sixteen years in
the service and he has always stood well
I with the department in whose immediate
charge he is. But his enemies want to see
him go down before tbe onslaught that
Wise is making uoon him. Complaints
have been maae against him to the Wash-
I ington authorities, strong pressure has
been brought against him by the political
colleagues of Wise, and even the Chinese
witnesses, whose evidence he mostly relied
upon, have become unknown quantities.
Officers have been seeking them every
where, but they cannot be found. Moore
eharees his enemies with influencing their
absence.
Secretary Carlisle is evidently at a loss
how to deal with Ihe Wise-Moore affair.
He has had a special agent Here for several
weeks studying the situation. Upon his
report the final decision will depend. This
officer quietly dropped into town some
three weeks ago. He gathered all the in
formation he coula on the issue and dis
appeared as quietly as he came. He has
returned direct to Washington and will
place his report in the hands of the Secre
tary of the Treasury. What this report
contains no person knows but the Secre
tary and the agent himself. Neither
Major Moore nor Collector Wise was con
sulted by the airent, ana it is a question if
they even knew of his presence in the
City.
STREET SPRINKLING.
A Conference This Afternoon in the
Mills Building.
This afternoon at 2:30 o'clock a public
meeting under the auspices of the Mer
chants' Association will be held in the
assembly-room of the Mills building, when
the matter of street sprinkling will come
up for discussion. Members of the asso
ciation have for some time displayed
their zeal in their efforts to secure a re
form in this department.
Under the present regime a number of
private individuals seem to control the
street sweeping and sprinkling work.
These men have been invited to the meet
ing, and it is hoped that by conferring
with the directors tney may be induced to
act in harmony with them for the realiza
tion of the schemes of reform advocated
by the association.
JUMBLED HISTORY.
Denis Gore's Estate Unearths Some
Matrimonial Tangles.
The settling of the estate of Denis Gore
before Judge Slack has so far developed
a peculiar matrimonial tangle. Gore's
heirs are rather uncertain, and for that
reason the children of his sister, a Mrs.
McLaughlin, may have some trouble in
securing the estate to which they have
laid claim.
Gore was married in Ireland. He lived
with bis wife but a short time, and then
left suddenly for America. Soon after his
departure two children were born to bis
wife.
It was found after the investigation was
a snort time in progress that not only bad
Gore left a wife and family in Ireland, but
that Mrs. Gore had come to America after
despairing of her husband's return, and
had married again in this City. Gore and
his wife had actually lived in San Fran
cisco, and neither knew of the existence of
the other. Gore's children in Ireland are
claiming the estate, which is worth about
$7500.
HIS MARRIAGE A FAILURE
Frank Healy Sails for Tahiti
After a Four Days'
Honeymoon.
His Bride Was Left Behind and May
Never Again See Her Young
Groom.
The honeymoon of Frank Healy and his
bride was cut short yesterday in the most
unexpected manner possible when the
barkentine Tropic Bird sailed out of port
for the South Seas.
Young Kealy was a passenger on the
Tropic Bird, and the few friends who saw
him off wondered why he went away
alone. It was quite apparent that the
youthful wife had been deserted, but what
became of her was another story.
A laconic conversation with one of
Healy 'm companions threw some iight on
the latest develypn °nt of the little ro
mance of a few days' duration.
"I've bought my ticket, and I've $2 50
left," the youth remarked with an air of
bravado, though it might be noticed that
his voice was linged with regret. We was
not like himself as he stood there ready to
leave his home behind. His marriage was
held to have been a folly, an escapade, and
upon recovering sober second thoughts he
was oppressed with an overpowering sense
of error.
"And where are you going?"
"Tahiti."
"Going to take your wife along?"
"Not by a sight."
"Why uid you marry her, then?"
"1 was drunk."
The young man upon whom life became
a burden after four days shook hands with
his chum.
"Tell all the boys good-by, and — so long,
old man," were his last words as he fled.
Healy is a son of Captain M. A. Healv
of the revenue cutter Bear, and a lawyer
by profesHon in the office of Henley &
Costello on Sansome Btreet.
Saturday last he went to the City Hall
and procured a marriage license to weti
Miss Lucretia M. Carpenter. He gave the
age of himself as 25 and that of his bride as
21 years. His friends say he was on a
spree at the time, and both the bride and
groom were denied admittance to the
apartments of nis family in the Occidental
Hotel.
"What will he do in Tahiti?" his com
panion was asked.
"Own the town, I guess."
ELOCUTIONISTS CONTEST
A Good Audience and a Well-Rendered
Programme.
OAKLAND, Cal., March 31.— The an
nual elocutionary contest by the members
of the class in elocution in Jhe Young
Men's Christian Association was held in
the auditorium of their building to-night.
A very large and enthusiastic audience
greeted the speakers, whose themes
were as follows: "No Sects in Heaven"
(Cleveland), F. L. Butterfield; "The
American Flag" (Beecher), W. F. Klar;
"The .Execution of Montrose 1 ' (Aytoun),
C. M. Blair; "The Declaration of Inde
pendence" (abridged), W. C. Wilcox; "The
Church at Kehoes Bar" (Bennet), Herman
Christiansen; "Pyramus and Thisbe"
(Saxe), George Swasey; "Spartacus to the
Gladiators" (Kellogg), Howard Atwater.
The selections were interspersed with mu
sical numbers by the Hus Family orches
tra and Mrs. Edward Weihe.
The judges, Rev. Alfred Kummer, D.
Edward Collins and Professor W. E. Gib
son, awarded the first prize to Howard At
water. It consisted of a full membership
ticket valued at $7 50. The second priz«
went to George Hwasey and consisted of
|5 credited on a full membership ticket.
W. C Wilcox was awarded a full member
ship ticket for being the Best among thoie
io the class for one year's work.
Uncle Hiram Lester of Henry County
Ga., is said to be now in his one hundred
and twentieth year. He was in good
health until within the past week, when
he became very ill end had to be removed
to the hospital. His record is a tnfle hazy,
but his neighbors willingly concede that
he long ago passed the century mark.
WATCHING DIPHTHERIA.
The Board of Health Will Check
the Spread of the
Disease.
DE. SPENCER'S PROPOSITION.
Hog Ranches May Be Moved in Sixty
Days if There Is No Legal
Obstacle.
The increasing number of cases of diph
theria that are reported from day to day
has warned the Board of Health that the
season for the dread disease is approach
ing, and action was taken at yesterday's
special meeting looking to an effectual
check to its spread.
Dr. Spencer, the City bacteriologist,
stated that it would be an easy matter to
diagnose suspected cases and determine
whether or not it is genuine diphtheria by
rubbing a wad of cotton across the mouth
of the patient, and then subjecting the
cotton to heat, to see whether colonies of
the diphtheria bacilli would grow. He
proposed that physicians be required to
notify him of suspected cases, so that he
could investigate. He thought that by
this means the spead of the disease could
be checked and at the same time much
anxiety and expense saved to the parents
of those children who proved to be free
from the disease. Drs. Morse and Wil
liamson were appointed a committee to
investigate the preposition and report at
the next meeting of the board.
A number of communications relative to
the prevalence of diphtheria in certain
sections of the City were received and
placed on file, pending the report of the
committee.
The board decided that in case its legal
adviser would declare its action to be
legal it would take immediate steps to re
move the hog ranches, of which the resi
dents of the Bay View, Excelsior and
Spring Valley homesteads have been com
plaining.
Health Officer Lovelace made a formal
report setting forth that the Board of
Supervisors had failed to act on the re
quest of the health authorities to have the
hog limits extended, in soite of the fact
that they had been shown that the ranches
were a menace to the public health.
Dr. Morse expressed the opinion that
the board had a perfect right to remove
the ranches, by condemning them, and
moved that they be declared nuisances
and ordered closed within Bixty days,
formal notice to be served forthwith on "all
of the owners.
Mayor Sutro counseled caution, saying
that the board should be certain of its
legal rights and should not do anything
appearing to be in defiance to the Board
of Supervisors without being sure of its
ground.
It was determined to postpone action
for one week and to instruct the legal ad
viser of the board, Denis Spencer, to pre
pare an opinion on the matter in the
'. meantime and present it at the next meet;
-; ing of the board.
Frederic Leighton's peerage was the
shortest lived in the history of England.
He died on the day following that upon
which the patent of nobility was issued,
and as he left no heir the title died with
him.
Base-coiners are dealt with very severely
in Japan. Some time ago a man named
Takujaro, living at Tokio, was sentenced
to six years' hard labor for uttering a
false coin.
: HEW TO- DAT.
MONEY
SAVING
PRICES
Money-Saving Dishes.
5c MONEY SAVERS.
Lunch Buckets, Coffee Pots. Cream Pitchers.
. Oatmeal : Bowls, Custaru Cups, Spoooers,
Plates. Dairy Pan?, Hand Basins, 5c each
or 6 lor 25c.
100 MONEY SAVERS.
Berry Dishes, Milk Pails, Meat Dish, Dish Pans,
Mustard Pots, Vegetable Dish, Salad Disti,
10c each or 8 for 25c.
TEA SETS.
44 Pieces complete for 12 Persons
** Pure White, Delicate Blue. Brown and
Rich Gold Spray Decorations.
Money-Saving Prices, per set
2-25, 2 °. : 2 >85 3: 00 3- 75 - 4 15
DINNER SETS.
A A
VV Pieces complete for 6 Persons
Pure White, Delicate Blue, Brown and
Rich Gold Spray Decorations.
Money-Saving Prices/ per set
3 .65, 4.25, 4 .85, 5 .00, 5 .85, .50
DINNER SETS.
100 Pieces complete for 12 Persons
Pure White, Delicate Blue, Brown and
Rich Gold Spray Decorations.
Money-Saving Prices, per set
5 .50, £.50, .25, g.OO, p. 50. 1 Q. 50
Great American ImportinE Tea Co. 's
' -^ 1344 Market St., S. F.
agmn p =f'jT~- 965 Market st., S. P.
fgl^BMSt 140 sixth st.. s. P.
'HI Wp 017 Kearny St.. 5. P.
KS^^^ 1419 Polk st., S. F.
! 521 Montgomery aye., S. P.
UnUPU 333 Hayes St., 5. F.
MONEY' 1 14 ° Ninth st s - F -
m 1 ■ 218 Third st • 5. P.
A aifllin 2008 Fillmore St., 5. P.
SAVING 25i0 Mission St.. 5. F.
WflW HIM 3006 Sixteenth st( S. F.
OTAnro 104 Second St., 5. P.
STORES ! 3250 .Mission St., S. P.
v i uiikw ■ 52 Market st., S. F.
j--fc .>. "g»-— _■ 917 Broadway,' Oakland. '
WMLdMMSh 1053 Washington st, Oak' d.
■■ Wff 131 San Pablo aye., Oakl'd
WK^^^ 6»<> E. Twelfth st., Oakland.
1355 Park st., Alameda.
TRY OUR
Money-Saving Prices) *AA r i_
AT OUR [ I (ML l \.
Money-Savins Stores) * v " Operation
MONEY SAVED EVERY DAY.
NO SPECIAL DAY.
NEW TO-DAT-DRT GOODS.
EIGHT GBEATLEADERS
IN
PARASOLS, RIBBONS,
GLOVES, HANDKERCHIEFS § BELTS!
For the purpose of attracting the attention of every lady in the
city to OUR PEERLESS DISPLAY OF NEW SPRING STYLES AND
NOVELTIES we offer the following seasonable lines
At Special Prices To=day !
CARRIAGE PARASOLS!
-A.* Si.oo. . .
BLACK CARRIAGE PARASOLS, in gloria silk, lined, value $1 50, will be offered at $1.
At 51.50.
BLACK CARRIAGE PARASOLa, in gloria silk, 2 and 3 ruffles, value $2, will be ot-
; tered at $1 50. .... . , .
DRESDEN RIBBONS I
-A-t 28 Cents.
IS o. 22 ALL-SILK DRESDEN RIBBON, in assorted colors, will be offered at 25c a yard.
LADIES' KID GLOVES!
wA.t 75 Cexxts.
300 pairs BLACK AND COLORED KID GLOVES, five hooks, every pair guaranteed
regular value $1 25, will be offered at 7oc a pair.
At 9O Cexxts.
250 pairs MOUSQUETAIRE KID GLOVES, every pair guaranteed, regular value
|1 50, will be offered at 90c a pair.
LADIES' HANDKERCHIEFS!
•A-t IO Cexxts Each.
200 dozen LADIES' SHEER WHITE SCALLOPED EMBROIDERED LAWN HAND-
KERCHIEFS, regular value $2 50 a dozen, will be offered at 10c each.
LADIES' BELTS!
■A.~t 28 Cents.
LADIES' SILK BELTS, Silvered Buckles, in black and navy bine, extra value. ■■ .
At 75 Cents. ' . • .. • '■:■■';'
LADIES' SPANGLE BELTS, on elastic web foundation, 8-row spangles, extra value.
..-"■. • . _ • . -
f B/M****^ MURPHY BUILDING, /
(/(/ Intit Street comer oi Jones, /
»-AJXr FH.ANOXSCO. : . 't-SB
RAILROAD TRAVEK
BIG REDUOTIOJI I RATES BY RAIL
....t0.;.. .
POnTIj IAJKT3P, , 03F1..
FR1DAY.............. APRIL 3,
And Every Fifth bay Thereafter.
Leave from S. P. Co.'s Ferry landing, foot
of Market St., at 8:00 p. m.
*f f|f|— Including Berth la Pullmaa Tourist •
0■ U U sl eepw. . : 
....ALSO....
First-class tickets, including berth In Q»lfi.oo
Pullman Standard Sleeper, O iu — .
SPECIAL NOTICE.
This train will not stop to deliver or take on pa».
senders at Intermediate stations, nor wIU Uclceu >*
sold or baggage checked to such points.
Throusih Tickets for P.uget Sound
points on Sale at Reduced Kates.
For further information apply at
613 MARKET STREET (Grand Hotel
Ticket Office), San Francisco.
oICHARD GRAY, T. H. GOODMAIT,
Uen. Trallio Mgr. Gen. Pass. Agt
BOrTHKRN I'ACIFIC COMPAJIIt.
(PACIFIC HYSTEU.)
fiHln* len%«* nnil are ilnv t«> nrrlTe h(
: KAN |iIAK(|MVO;
LEAVE — MAKCII 28, 1896. — AKKIVB
7:WOa Atlantic Express, Ogilcn and Kast.. 8:43p
7:00 a Benlcia, VacaTiUe. Ruir.sey. .Sacra-
mento, and Redding via Davis.... 7:15p
7iooa Martinez, San Ramon, Xapa, Calis-
toga and Santa Ross 6:15p
8:'IOa Nilcs, Hau -'Jose, Stockton, lone,
Sacramento, M;irys»ille, lteil lilult :
ami Sundays cxceptedOrovllle.... tsllii-
■"9:3oa Peters ami Mi1t0n.................. "7:lBr
«i«oa Los Angeles Express. Fresno, Santa
Barbara and i.cis Angeles... 4:45p
9:0»A Martinez and Stockton IO: I a
9:00AVaHej0............. O:13t
l:OOp Nil.'n, San Jose and Livermore . . . . ; 8:43 a
•l:OOp Sacramento Kiver Steuiu. m *U:O«i'
1 1 ::{»!■ Port Costa and Way Stations »7:'«sr
4:0« i- Martinez. Hau ' llaiuon, Vallcjo,
Napa, (.'alUtoga, 101 Verauo and
■'. Santa llosa 9:1»>
4:OOp Benicia, . Esparto, Woodland
Knights Landing, Maryaville --■
Orovillo and Sacramento - *0:43 a
4:30t- Nlle.i, San Jose, Livermoro and
Stockton ......................... 7:15p
4:30p Morced, lierenda, Raymond (for
Yo*emite) and Fresno 11 «***
5:OOp New Orleans Kxnrccs, Fresno, Baki-rs-
lioltl. Sj,iiU l!»i'bsra,l.os Augolcs,
• Dci:.ii 'g, El l'aso, New Orleans anil
- ' East .:... lOiISa
BtOOp Santa l''u ltoute, Atlantic Impress ■
for Mojave atul East. ...10:13a
S:0Op Vallejo 1 1 :45a
0:OOi> European Mall, Ogilcn and Kast.... 11:43 a
O:OOpTluynardH, Nil^aaud San J05e...... 7:45 ■
17:00p Vallejo ...V. t7:43p
7: OOp Oregon Sacramento, Marys-
ville, Reildlng, Portland, Puget
Sound and i:ast Jo:4sa
•TI0:03p " Sunset Limited," Fresno, Los ,
• Ange'.es, El Paso, New Orleans •
. anc1Eat*........:... t 12:45p
SANTA CIUIZ lUVISION (iN'itrrbw «aupre>.
17»43a Santo Crux Exnirsion, Santa Cruz ■■ -■ - _
and Prindpsl Way Stations JB:o3p
Bil3a Newar!t,Ceuterville,Naii.Tose,Fcltou, .' '
1 ;. r Creelc, Santa Cruz and Way
Station*.... sis«p
•2:l»p Newark, Cenf.erville, San Jose. New • \ '
Almaden, Ftlton, Boulder Creek,
Sauta Oral and ' Principal Way
• 5tati0n5..........'...:........;...-. Ml:2oa
«tl»r Newark, San Jose end l.o< C.'atos.... «:30a
COAST lU VISION (i lilnl » 'iownscinl Ms.',
6:43 a San Jose anil Way Stations (Now • • • ■ -
Almailen Wednesdays only) 1»43p
9:1.1 a Sau Joso, Tre.i I'inus, Santa Cruz, ■
. Paciiic Grove. Paso Itobles, San ; .
" Luis Obispo, Gu&dalupe ami Prin- - • • •
■ . cipal Wuy Stations , 7:Osi>
10:40 a San Jose anil Wny Stations » S:OOp
11:45* Palo Alto niul Way Stations 3:UOp
•2:3»i- San .lose, Gllroy, Tres Piuos. ff ta 
Cruz, Salinaa.Mouteny and Pacflio
 . Gr0ve............................. «I0:40a
•5I::10p SknJusc anil Principal Way Stations »:47a
•4:30i- San Jose uml Way 5tati0n5......... *8:O«a
S:3Op San Jose ami Way Stations V. .•8:48a
6::iOi> San Jose ami Way Stations . ....... 0:33 a
t11:45i- San Josoan.l Way 5tati0n5......... +7:4Sr
1 SAM LKAfIUKO AMI IUVWAKUS Lm,AL7~"
«*«:OOa 1 ' .'-" . ,■'. ■ f 7:15 A
H:OUa tB:43A'
: S2a MelroM,ScmlßsryPtrk, VtWli
'";S2p FitcHbur ,Ssnl>sndro "efflgj
3:00p I snd 4:-13P
4tOOp f * 5:43P
siOop HAvwurili 0:1 3P
5«80p . nsrwsrai. ,. 43p
7:« Op ?J 8:43P
8:OOp • Runs through to Niles. , 10.30P
ttll:15p < >: tFromNUe3 '; itigsOQp
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
From SIS FRAKCISCO— Foot of Market Street (Slip —
•7:15 ' 9:00 11:00 a.M. $1:00 *2:00 13:00
: *4:00: > tS:CO *8:00 p.m.
rrom 04KUHD— Foot or Broadway.— *6KW 8:00
10:OOA.K. J12:00 •1:00 " *3:00 •3:00 *4:00
;: *B:OOf.M.: .•: ■- .■...<■■,■..:._■ ~ _:.-. ;:, ■:
■ A for Morning. ' P for Afternoon. •'
• Sundays excelled. ; ■ • - ■ -'-■. t Haturdaya only.
; { Sundays only. r only, f.
i ■ tt Mondiy. Thursday and Saturday nights only. - ■
_____ RAILROAD TRAVEU
SA» FR4SCISCO & NORTHPA^
CIFIC RAILWAY CO. ■ \
Tibnron Ferry— Foot of -Market St.".- ' •
San Francisco to San Rafael. *•
WEEK DAYS— 7:3O, 9:00, 11:00 a.m.: 12-35.
3:30, 5:10, 6:30 p. M.- Thursdays— Extra trip
ml) :30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:50
and 11:30 p. x.
SUNDAYS— 7:3O, 9:30, 11:00 A.M.; 1:30, 3:30,
6:00,6:20 p.m. . . • .;. . . •
San ICafael to San Francisco.
WEEK DAYS— 6:IS, 7:50, 9:10, 11:10 a. it •
12:45. 3 : 10, 6:10 p. m. Saturdays—Extra trips'
at 1:55 P. m. and 6:35 P. m. '• . - •
SUNDAYS— 7:3S, 9:36, 11:10 A. m.; 1:40, 3:4 a
6:00,6:25 p.m. - 0
Between San Francisco and Schnetzen Park same
schedule as above.
I>eave ! j Tnß#ro ■•• Arrive T ~
Kan Francisco. ! A rii 2. San Fran clsco.
■SVkek I Sc>-- De^uation ' Sdn- I Wekk
Days. | days. | " e 3»"a"on. | da .y 3 . | D AY a.
7:30 am 7-.:>o am Novato, 10:40 am 8:40 am
3:30 9:30 am Tetaluma,- I 6:05 pm 10:10
5:10 I'M 5:00 pm Santa Kosa. 7:30 pm 6:15 pm ■
Fulton, I ' ~
7:30 am I Windsor, 10:10 am
.. Healdsburg,
Geyserville,
3:30 pm 7:30 am i Cloverdale. 7:30 pm 6:15 pm
Jc'ieca, .
Hopland A • '
7:30 am; 7:3oam Tkiah. 7:30 pm 6:15
7:30 am '■ ' 10:10 AM
7:30 am Guerneville. 7:30 pm
3:30 pm » j |_ 6:16 pm
7:30 am 7:30 am Sonoma 10:40 am 8:40 am
5:10 1-m 5:00 pm i and 6:05 pm 6:15 pm
i I Glen- Ellen. I . | .
7:80 am 7:30 am g ebaBtODOl 110:40 AM 10:10 am
3:30 pm 5:00 pm| " tDttst opoi. | 6:05 pmJ 6:15 pit
Stages connect at Cloverdale for the Geysers.
Stapes connect at Pieta for Highland Spring*
Keiseyville, Lakeport.
stages connect at X T klah for Vichy Springs, Bins
lakes, Laurel Dell. Upper Lake, Booneville, Green-
wood, Mendocino City. Fort Bragg, Usai, Westport,
canto. Wllletts, Calpella, Porno, Potter Valley, Jotm
Day's, Lively'Si Uravelly Valley, Harris, Scotia
and Eureka. .
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at reduced
rates. ■ ■ ' - ' ■ . .
■ On Sundays round-trip tickets to all points be-
yond San Rafael »t half rates. ■
Ticket Offices. 650 Market St., Chronicle building.
H. C. WHITING, • R. X. RYAX, • *
Uen. Manager. , Gen. Pass. Agent.
Atlantic *^§BJt
Trains leave from and arrive fc^3ffi^sT"F^Jflft
»i Market-Street Ferry. i^J^SS^oUTEI
SANTA FE EXPRESS
To Chicago via A. & P. Direct Line
Leaves every day at 5 P. M-, carrying Piillma*
Palace Sleepers and Tourist Sleepers to Chtcaga
via Kansas City without change. Annex cars i»r
Denver and St. Louis.. • ••-■ •
CHICAGO LIMITED,
From Los Angeles to Chicago.; '
Solid Vestibule Train Daily, with Dining-cars,
tinder Harvey's management. Connecting trains
leave San Francisco at 9 a. m. and 5 p. m. daily.
The best railway from California to the East.
New rails, new ties: no dust: Interesting scenery:
and good meals in Harvey's dlning-ro«m or dlaing-
cars. :■■'-..■ • - ■ ■ -- :.; ...■..:..
Ticket Offlce-644 Market Street,
' - ---•;■ -■■' •" Chrvxijciv Build;ug. .
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD
[ (Via Sausalito Ferry).
From San Francisco, Commencing March 29, 1898.
WEEKDAYS. .- .
For Mill Valley and San Rafael — 7:00, *8!00
•9:15 10:16, 11:45, a. M.: -1:45, 3:20. 4:15,
5:16, *c:00, J:3sp. M.
Extra trips for San Rafael on Mondays, Wednes- '
days and Saturdays at 11:30 p. m. - . ,
. SUNDAYS.
For Mill Valley and San Rafael-*8:00, *9:00,
•10:00, 11:3Ua. m. ;»*I:4:S'J. «1 :30, *2:15, *4:00,
5:30, 6:45, p.m. Extra trip to Sauialitoat
11:00 a: m. v . .
Trains marked • run to San Quentin. •♦12:30
' p. m. does not run to Mill Valley. .
THROUGH TRAINS.,
1 :45 p. m. weekdays— Cazadero and way stations.
[ 8:00 a. M. Sundays— Cazadero and way stations. ■
9;00 a. M. Sunday*— Point Reyes »na way atwloas.
910
WILL LANIGAN
BECOME A BOSS?
The Junta Anti-Raineyites
Take Him Up to
Make Him.
A CHANCE TO BEAT SAM.
McNab Works a Combination to
Defeat Rainey and Boost
Lanigan.
WELBURN IS IN THE DEAL. ,
The New Boss Is Given Practical Con
trol of the Junta and New
Hopes Run High.
There Is a new Democratic boss in town.
At least they are making nim— Gavin Mc-
Nab and the rest of the anti-Rainey Junta
of the anti-Buckley Junta.
It's Kd Linigan. There has just been i
completed an elaborate compact and plan I
EDWARD IAMGAN, WHO li CUT OIT FOR THE NEW BOS.-, OI THE JUNTA
which is to bring into play in the local I
Democratic field of practical politics a
new and (jilite interesting force, and Ed
Lanigan is to play it as it ought to be
played.
The idea. is to boost Mr. Lanigan into the
position of "the" Democratic boss of San
Francisco, which position is to be attained j
when the "decent eiernent" of the Junta j
has driven Chris Buckley und Sam Rainey ;
into the last sewer, destroyed "bossism" 1
and thoroughly disinfected the iiartv. If
the Junta wins Lanig«n 13 to be hailed as
king. .
Of course this merely describes the pres
ent good intentions" of certain people.)
Political schemes, bin and little, are
mightily uncertain, ana we'll havf- to wait
to see whether this BCJieme will end like a
tizz, or whether there- comes a Laaiean, a
liriL'ht star of a new Democratic destiny,
who is to wind up the nistoric careers -of i
Chris Buckley ami Sam Rainey as Buck- :
ley. rising a? Lanigan now rises, chased
Mannix and Bnwly into oblivion.
This brilliant scheme is the last resort of
the anti-Rainey portion of the Junta, and
by it they figure on snatching the organ
ization from Rainey 's very claws and on;
giving him the iickirit: that he was going |
to give theni. As Kainey lias the organ- :
izatiun within his grasp something Na
poleonic was necessary- Now there will
be a hot fight between the Raineyites and I
the Laniganese. and one of tbe sides will j
capture the works. Gavin McNab pre
dicts that in a lew weeks all the Demo-
Crafts in San Francisco will be thronging
the local dancing academies in their j
eagerness to be "learning a step for Lanl- j
gan's ball.'.'
Tbe recoliection of a little recent history !
is necessary to ' understand the situation, i
Early last October Gavin McNab saw some j
moccasin tracks around town. He recog- I
nized tnem.as he used to walk in the same ■
kind, and he knew that Chris Buckjey was |
quietly gathering in the old Democratic I
general committee of 4.VJ, which was
elected in 1390 by the anti-3uckley re
organizers. McNab managed to hustle to- I
gether some forces before Buckley was
through, and Buckley was beaten by the |
elecriori of A.. A. "Watkina to the vacant I
chairmanship by a vote of 184 to 154. |
Buckley didn't. quit, and at the next meet- j
ing, a short time afterward, Buckley had
a small majority. It was at that exciting
liieeting that the defeated McNab element
turtifd out the iras, made, off with the roll
and tried to effect an adjournment sine
die by trickery. They withdrew and left!
Buckley in possession of the. majority. In j
the meantime a new general committee |
had been. aptrointed by that committee of j
liity, and this new committee, arbitrarily j
ruled by McNab and \\\ P. Sullivan, be"-'
canie an independent organization.
The force-ithat McNab was able to get
and hold topether through these events
were, first, Rainey and the Fire Depart
ment; teoQnd, Daggett. who was politi
cally .associated with Rainey; third, Col
lector of Internal' Revenue Weibarn, and i
fourth, scattering anti-B::ckleyites, inclua- !
ing Max Popner. Sam . Braunnart, et al. I
McNab was personally and politically
friendly and influential with these forces, j
Lanigan was included in Welburn'a i
strength, as he is a deputy in that office, j
These three men-^-Daggett. Rainey and
Welourn — wielded their power, of course,
through patronage. It was the force of
jobs held by members of the committee or
their friends that gave effect to the orders
to stand against Buckley.
The combination from the start was a
heterogeneous and discordant one. The
movement was declared to be one to down
Bockleyism, bossism and corruption in
the party and in favor of "decency and
parity." Yet they pressed Sam Rainey to
their bosoms. The inconsistency was ex
plained by sayincr, "Oh, we are using
Rainey for a purpose, and when the time
comes we'll dump him," and there were
many in the Junta really as hostile to
Rainey as to Buckley. Daggett was doing
bosa politics through Mint politics, if bo«s
politics were ever done, and the organiza
j tion, like tlie whole party, was full of bit
i ter enemies of John Daggett. There were
otiicr political enmities of all sorts.
Then from the start there has been
trouble about the apportionment of power
i among the big forces, and in the recent
past Lanigan has had some heavy kicks.
A few week 3 ago there came the outward
semblance of a primary for the election of
a new general committee, and then began
the war with Rainey. The time had come
I to "dump" Rainey ,'but Rainey would not
play that. He had closely combined his
interests with Daggett, and the Fire De
partment and the Mint made every effort
to increase their strength in the Junta
general committee. Especial efforts have
been made since the organization got the
prestige of recognition by the State Cen
tral Committee, and Mint jobs have been
given right and left to people of influence
in the committee, Jiut the organization
has been officered and committeed by anti-
Raineyites, and the "inside" is hard to
beat.
At the alleged primary but one ticket
was allowed in a district. These tickets
were arbitrarily made up at headquarters,
and the number of delegates allowed to
Rainey and Daggett people were carefully
dealt " out according to "expediency."
Rainey and Daggett would have got an
overwhelming majority at a fair, open
primary, but they were firmly repressed
amid constant rowing.
Two weeks ago it became evident that
Rainey and Daggett bad practical control
of the committee, as far as votes went,
though they were handicapped by the "in
side" having the "works." Within a short
time after the primary Rainey had taken
into camp many members, -who had been
allowed to go oh the ticket on the supposi
tion that they were safely anti-Rainey, and
the Rainey-Daggett workers are hard at it j
yet with every pull that can be brought to ;
bear.
Rainev's strength (including Daggett's)
is now 170 at a conservative estimate, with
a possible 190 votes. As these delegates
would all be at a meeting, while a lot of j
0 hers wouldn't. Kainey could likely run
any meeting of the general committee and
carry through a programme. So the anti-
Raineyites have seen Rairiey on the verge
o: ruie, while his strength was growing,
and a few days ago it was an uncertain tug
o:\var, with the chances largely in favor of
tiie heavy-weight stableman, and a big
storm brewing.
Now, for two or three months one Ed
ward Lanigan has Kept still and watched
the mess. He was neither Kainey nor
anti-Rainey, as far as anybody could find
out. Like Brer Fox, he "jis lay low and
say nuffiQ," He started out with the anti-
EuctcJeyites, through the influence of Wel
burn and McNab, with a good deal of
strength, and when the committee of
fifty appointed ti hew general com
mittee, and when the present one
was appointed by the "inside" through a
primary, he forced large concessions. He
shrewdly nursed his votes in the general
committee and his outside influence, and
wailed to see how things would turn out.
He has been holding sixty votes solidly
apart from the Rainey aild anti-Rainey
tight. These are votes that he can control
on any proposition, and with other dele
gates friendly to him he would be worth
ninety votes on some propositions.
Ten days ago Gavin McNab and Chair
man Sullivan themselves did not know
how Lanigan would go. It was conceded
by everybody that if Lanigan went with
l Rainey and Daggett the "'decent" element
i would be nowhere. With Lanigan they
might win by a smail majority. Lanigan
; knew that he held the balance of power
: and that he was about to be badly needed.
j He waited for his quotations to go up.
The inevitable has happened. He has
, been taken into the anti-Rainey camp
! upon his own terms. He has had no par
ticular enemies in the organization and so
i starts on his new career without that
i handicap in the faction, and he has long
I been personally friendly with McNab, who
; is mainly responsible for the new scheme
! that has just been evolved from the tangle.
Lanigan is to be the chief political
j manipulator of what is now expected to
I be the dominant faction in the Junta, and
j all the anti-Rainey and aiiti-Daggett
| forces are to get behind him and give nim
I a boost. The Junta's programme pre
i supposes, of course, winning at Sacramento
the battle against the Buckleyites, and
then later on for the control of local
Democratic poiiticf. Mr. Lanigan is to
lead the Junta to the pinnacle of success
if it can get there.
The other day, shortly after the new
I plan was effected. Chairman Sullivan ap
pointed a committee of eighteen to pre
j pare a constitution and by-laws, and a
| study of it shows the concessions to Ed
| Lanigan. He will run that committee.
j'lhe committee met last Monday niehi
and appointed a. sub-committee of five,
which, with the chairman and secretary,
are to draft the instrument. Four of tlie
live are Lanigan men. There is E. P.
Mogan, prosecuting attorney in Judge
Conlan'd Police Court, by the grace of
1 Lanigan's supervision. There is Dr. W.
J. Gavigan, who wants to be superintend-
I ent of the new Home for Inebriates', who
worked hard to get the appropriation
i through the Board of Supsrvisors, who
, had to ko to Lanigan for three votes, and i
j who is a friend of Ed's, appointed by him
to the general committee. Paul B. Hay !
and \V. A. Asmussen are the other two
friends of Lanigan. Frank McElrath is
j Eddie Graney's man, and his appointment
is a concession to Rainey. Chairman Sul
iivan and .Secretary McGovern will un
doubtedly work harmoniously wfth Lani
gan.
80 Lanigan, with the no-operation of
McNab and Sullivan, will prepare the con
stitution. It will to a large extent be
adapted to present exigencies. It is to be
arranged so that if Rainey is beaten he
can be kept beaten. There will be some
sort of an executive committee named by
Lanigan and appointed by Sullivan that
will mainly run things, and Kainey will
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, APRIL 2, 1896.
never get that executive committee. The
constitution will be adopted by a majority
| vote, and it is planned that it will provide
that a two-thirds vote shall be required to
amend it.
If, then, with Lanigan's help the next
I meeting of the general committee can be
j saved from Rainey, things will be cinched
and a new programme started. The first
j thing to do will be to control the delega
tion to the State convention. The propo
sition to appoint delegates is still un
settled, but much in favor. Laniean and
McNab can have a delegation exactly to
order that way and Rainey and Daggett
; will take what they get. A primary would
| be a terrible risk, even with Lanigan in
j spectors.
Of course Rainey'a interests are local,
! and he is helping Daggett to get the mint
power for himself later in reciprocity.
Daggett wants the delegation to Sacra
mento badly as does Welburn. A Rainey
triumph would mean that Daggett would
hog things. The "inside" is not fighting
Daggett particularly. It is willing to let
Daggett get a fair show at Sacramento,
but it wants the Rainey-Daggett business
to end at Sacramento, and to keep munici
pal politics for its own and not for Sam
Rainey.
So the new combination expects to say to j
the mint superintendent, "Mr. Daggett, I
you are welcome to a good deal of what you
want at Sacramento, but it would be bet
ter for us to have tne delegates and use
them in your interest."
The triumph of the Lanijran combina
tion in the Junta would also be Welburn's
triumph at Sacramento. Lanigan and
McNab would give Welburn as much a 9 it
would give Daggett, and Daggett wouldn't.
Welburn is supposed to be in this deal by
promising Lanigan his support in local
matters in return for favors. Welburn
will now see that Jack Welch and Thomas
P. Cusick of the Twenty -eighth and other
deputies of district influence behave them
selves properly in politics.
Welburn's hold on Lanigan is small, by
the way. Lanigan is too strong to be
bossed much by Welburn on the strength
of his little deputyship, and it is, rather,
a deal between them. Lanigan has long
aspired to political power, and has slowly j
increased it. He Has dispensed much of ;
the patronage of the present Board of Su
pervisors, has many friends among the
boys, and is a handsome, shrewd and
quite popular fellow. He has suddenly
struck a tide in his affairs that promises to
lead to political fortune Of course.there are
the battles with Rainey here and the battles
with the Buckleyites at Sacramento and at
home in the way of the new Laniean
dynasty, but they are different stories.
Lanigan wants local political power, and
the Junta is going to try to give it to him.
FAR EAST AND FAR WEST
Twenty-Third Annual Meeting of
the Woman's Occidental
Board.
Chinese Girls Entertain the Visitors.
Miss Hamlin Tells of the
Sarabjis.
There was the usual picturesque ming
ling of the Far West and the Far East at |
the twenty -third annual meeting of the \
Woman's Occidental Board, which took j
place yesterday at the Chinese Mission {
Home. The thre« days' session opened {
with an informal reception to Miss Warn
bold, the board's outgoing missionary to
Korea, and to the delegates from the vari- j
OUfl cities of California. The majority of !
the visitors were Americans, but the Chi- !
nese and Japanese girls were quite a fea- !
ture in the Oriental-looking rooms, and
the consul-general and his suite were pres
ent in gorgeous colors which Solomon in
all his glory might have courted.
The reception v.as distinctly informal.
There were enough visitors and delegates j
to comfortably rill the large board
rooms and leave enough people to spare to
circulate about the house and admire the
i quarters where the little rescued Chinese j
j girls live. Miss Wain bold, who is going to J
i labor among the Koreans, was shaken
j hands with and wished godspeeu by
every one present. Stie is a pleasant,
genial young woman, who does not seem >
10 feel any trepidation at the prospect of I
devoting the next few years of her life to
laboring in the Hermit Kingdom.
The real heroine of the occasion was
Miss Maria Culberison, who for so many
years has made a record as the zealous
matron of the home. For nearly a year
Miss Culbertson has been away on "sick
leave, and at one time il was feared that
she would never be able to tate up her i
work again. Yesterday, however, she was
back at her post and congratulations were
showered upon the matron at her recov
ery. Very early in the reception the Chi- '■
' nese showed by their suppressed excite- !
I meat that some scheme w.as on foot. At '■
i last one small maiden in blue, who speaks
! especially good English, darted out of the !
i room and returned laden with a huge '■
; basket of pink and red roses, which she
presented to the matron with the follow
ing carefully conned speech:
"My Dear Miss Culbertson, our mother:
We bring to you these few flowers, only to
show how we love you and how glad we
are to have you back once more. The
flowers will wither, but our love will never
die. Your Chinese Girls."
After the informal reception the exer
cises were opened with kindergarten songs
cleverly given by the Chinese children or
the home. Miss Sarah Hamlin then told
informally of the Sorabji family of India,
and most of her hearers listened with sur
prise and interest to what seemed like a
fairy tale of all that had been achieved by
a poor and low-caste woman. The central
idea of Miss Hamlin's lecture was the mar
velous intellectual possibilities of the
women of India. Mrs. Sorabji when a
child was picked almost out of the streets
and educated in the family of an English
missionary. Arrived at woman's estate
she was married to a high-caste Parsee
named Sorabji, who for embracing Chris- i
tianity had become an outcast from his
family.
The Sorabjis had eleven children, seven
of them daughters, and, not having the !
means to educate them, set to work to ;
educate themselves in order to instruct '
their offspring. So marvelous was their
success that Mrs. Sorabji is now principal
of the largest school in Poonah, where
white people come to learn from her. and
the fourth daughter, Cornelia, after being '
the first woman to go through the law ;
course at the University of Oxlord, is now
one of the most successful lawyers in
India and is generally considered to be
the most learned woman in the world.
The exercises ended with the close of
Miss Hamlin's lecture. To-day there will
j be an all-day session of the Occidental •
Board; Miss P. D. Brown, the president
! will again direct the exercises. The follow- i
ing ladies are the vice-presidents: Mrs !
George Barstow, Mrs. J. G. Chown Mrs'
E. V. Robbins, Mrs. E. Y. Garrette, Mrs'
J. Q. Adams, Mrs. S. Minor, Mrs. W S i
Bartlett.
Sued for Malicious Arrest.
Edward Blaser has sued Henry Meyer in the
Justice's Court for $299, of which $274 is de
manded for damages for malicious arrest.
Blaser was arrested early in last month on a
charge of obtaining property by false pre
tenses, sworn out by Meyer. The case was tried
before Judge Campbell and dismissed The
plaintiff claims that the defendant acted ma
liciously and without probable cause, and that
in defending himself and procuring an acquit
tal he was put to an expense of .f 25. He asks
the full amount over which ihe Justice's Court
has jurisdiction.
Burned to Death.
Fung Chunp, a Chinese cook, was burned to
death m the fire that destroyed the lodging
house at 834 Washington street at an early
hour yester.lay morning. The Chinaman was
asleep in his bunk at the time of the fire. The
body was removed to the Morgue.
Ira bicycler falls, und has Mitchell's Magic
Lotion, he can ride his bike home. •
DISAPPOINTED IN LOVE
A Sailor's Bride Who Married
From Pique Tries to End
Her Life.
SWALLOWS A DOSE OF OPIUM.
Romantic Career of the Wife of Cap
tain Harry Johnson of the
Bark Enoch Talbot.
Anna Johnson, the handsome young
bride of Captain Harry Johnson of the
bark Enoch Taibot now lying in the bay
off the Arctic Oil Works at the Potrero,
attempted to commit suicide on board the
ship Tuesday night and nearly succeeded.
There is an air of mystery and romance !
about the affair, but from all that could be j
learned the young bride made the attempt ■
in a fit of despondency resulting from dis
appointment in her marriage.
She was married to Captain Johnson
about four weeks ago in Los Angeles after
an acquaintance of three months, and
they spent their honeymoon on the trip
from San Pedro to this port.
The vessel arrived here a week ago last
Tuesday, after a tedious voyage. Mrs.
Johnson was almost a stranger to the
City, and iast Friday the captain went
ashore, taking her with him. As he had
business with the owners he put her on a
car for Golden Gate Park, arranging to
meet her later. When she returned from
the park she failed to meet her husband
and wandered around the business portion
of the City looking for him till darkness
set in. She did not know how to find the
vessel, but by chance she met an old
friend, Elizabeth Emmet, who lives near i
the Hayes-street entrance to the park, and j
accepted her invitation to accompany her
home.
She was taken sick there and remained
in her friend's care till Tuesday night.
when she returned to the vessel,
haying learned its location. Meantime
Captain Johnson, alarmed at his wife's j
unexplained absence, had been scouring j
the City for her and had emoloyed pri- !
vate detectives to find her if possible.
When Mrs. Johnson reached the vessel
she was dismayed to learn from Mate j
Norby tnat her husband was not on board
and it was not known when he would re- j
turn.
She went into her cabin and after awhile
she began to think that her husband had
deliberately cast her adrift. Then the
idea of suicide occurred to her and she i
went to where the ship's drugs were kept |
and took a bottle of opium. She swallowed
a dose and calmly lay down in her bunk
to await death.
About 1 o'clock yesterday morning
Captain Johnson returned to the ship from j
his fruitless search. He found his wife I
un'.onscious, and the bottle of opium by i
her side told him the story. He aroused I
the mate, who hurriedly Pressed himself ■
and hunted up Dr. De Witt. The doctor l
did all he couid with the appliances at j
hand for the an conscious woman and then
notified Lieutenant Bennett of the Potrero
police station, who had her removed to
the Receiving Hospital in the patrol
wagon.
They reached the hospital about 4 '
o'clock, and Dr. Bunnell promptly took
effective measures to restore her to life.
He gave her an antidote, and for three or
four hours she was kept walking round
and round the courtyard in front of the
hospital till she gradually revived. Yes
terday afternoon she had sufficiently re
covered to be taken io a friend's house.
She was at first disinclined to talk, and
made some rambling statements of a sen
sational nature, which she afterward de
j nied making, saying she was so weak and
excited that she did not know what she
was talking about.
Finally she consented to tell the romance
of her life. "I am an English girl," she
said, "but my parents emigrated to the
United States when I was a mere child.
After toy father's death my mother put
me on the stage, and as I gave promise of
having a contralto voice of more than
ordinary power a bright future was pre
dicted for me.
"While still a young girl 1 joined the
Enima Abbott Company, and remained
with them for a number of years. My j
stage name was Beatrice Lee, and under
th«it name I sang at the Grpiieum in this
City seven years ago. My stage career
was cut short by the loss of my voice, !
which had been injured by the hard train- {
ing 1 got while little more than a child.
"With the loss of my voice came a stroke '
of fortune in the marriage of my mother j
to Thomas Hughes, a retired and wealthy
lumber merchant of Los Angeles. I went
to live with my mother after her marriage
and remained with them till two years j
ago. when I had a quarrel with my step
father. After that I went to the home of
some friends in Los Angeles, and it was
there I met Captain Johnson.
"He offered to marry me and give me a j
home, and as I thought I loved him 1 con
' NEW TO-DAT.
,d S§spf|F p^ SANDEN
!§ ' T>T7 T T* S&?
! « * ? S Vr ny iWco " P
§ Ars \t ©sic* m
.;^ A § gf^Hg WEAKNESS, OR loss OF E^
t5 TS H manly vigor, in men is a subject £7
i $~> H ' ivoTtiiff of deep consideration. The 5~
(^5 £^ knowledge that you are not equal
JD& k^^"ll T*tf^ S ** the d«ruauds of nature In your vital {££
. \JC K_/ :W. J. ; ; g powers— that yoor physical manhood is x~7
i ■is • ! " :;^— J ' ; ; '.waning-— is a knowledge that should arg* >". ra-
i&D m ||it/\ you to prompt action; it should force you . £^;
I'o \M.Ji V? n to adopt the only scientific means of rs> *E
: i^ covering your strength; your manhood.
'X : ■■■•' M.l ■■' :■■ /^ S This meaaa is throosli the daily applies^ S
J^ 11 Al* X on of Dr. Sa:id«in's Electric Belt. It , in- .. Jfe
1^ "*■ : V.^- .■■•_...■•_■- tases the natural basis of all animal lif«— j*s
'^ "VT* SfecCricity — into yourimpoTorished nerves, fe3
' ¥^l vV /\ii f> and in a '" w months restores complete
\/"i ■ \J \JLm manhood.
ffp • :<■(/..,-■... rlfe> . Dr. •Bah'd«n's' celebrated book, "Three £$ '
g r«^v^\ Er Ola»se» of Mej>," fhould be In the hands ol gz
;^ -^L^3iAv 5^ evory man who is nat perfect in manhood. sg
j^ Vfljfflirti^ » It glvea reasons for your weakness, an 4 *&
■ S j|™W © explains to you a quick and poaitiT* cure* §■
v£/^^^ *a ** ** * ree " n^ for it. ■
; § >^^^£/^ So ;• "■ ' HAXDKN • t.KCTKIC CO.V--- i!; . * : .•' K+
fyZ tsbk^' . |5 * 638 Market Street. Ban Francisco, fc
K2b ■ ■ 3< -•" Opposite Palace ; Hotel. Otlloe hours i 8 ,\. M - to f^
jv3 ,^^^__^___^^^^^^^^^ «v 8:30 p. m. - Bundnyß, 10 to 1, • jfc
| ,RsOT<roffiTOM^3HffS« ; LOS ■ ANaBIiKS. O AL.. I H PORTLAND, OR., . g :
: l^^gg^^^^^^Kfl^, : 204 south Brond ay,-|i2s» Washington ( street W g .
sented. We were married four weeks ago.
I was sick and tired of being dependent
upon my friends, and I was happy after
my marriage."
Captain Johnson was asked as to the
motive that prompted his wife to attempt
to commit suicide and he replied that he
! did not know. "She complained of head
aches," he said, "and I suppose she had
taken the opium to ease the pain. That is
the only way I can account for ii. :>
Mate Norby was asked the same ques
tion and he reluctantly said, "disappoint
ment." When asked in what respect he
remained silent.
From other sources it was learned that
Mrs. Johnson quarreled with her lover in
Los Angeles, and in a fit of pique con
sented to marry Captain Johnson. She is
a handsome, refined woman, 26 years of
age, with dark hair, large dark-blue eyes
and beautiful nands. Her underclothing
astonished Matron Keane of the Receiv
ing Hospital, as it was of tbe finest im
ported quality. Her husband is a bluff
sailor, without any of the graces and ac
complishments that would find favor with
such a woman.
The cabin in which she spent her honey
moon could not be more barely furnished
and the smell of oil that pervades the at
mosphere is enough to drive a refined
woman crazy.
FITZGERALD TO THE "BEE"
The Attorney- General Outlines
His Position on the Bond
Issue.
He Believes State Moneys Should Be
Invested Only in Bonds Above
Reproach.
In one of yesterday evening's papers
the following telegram was published:
SACRAMENTO, April I.— The Bee to-night
will publish a story to the effect that, not
withstanding the fact that the law provides
that whenever there shall be $10,000 in the
j State-school land fund the same shall be in
vested, there is at present nearly $300,000 iv
the fund.
The Bee will also say that this is due to the
fact that Attorney-General Fitzgerald has
placed his stamp of disapproval upon the
bonds of various counties, many of the issues
of which have already been tnken up by some
of the leading banks in the state. •
The paper will further affirm that the State
i is believed to be the holder of many bonds
which, if the Attorney-General is correct, are
absolutely valueless and that, although he did
not consider these county bonds a safe invest
j ment, he refused to give his sanction to an in-
I vestment of $200,000 in the late National bond
j issue, and that by this means many thousands
of dollars of interest have been "lost to the
schools of the State.
Mr. Fitzgerald's attention being called
j to the dispatch he displayed no particular
I concern.
"An attack of this character," he re
, marked, "is really not worth noticing. A
man in a public position must expect to
b.e a target for abuse from certain quar
ters, and I cannot hope to be the solitary
i exception to the rule. So far as lam per
j sonally concerned I do not consider'the
i dispatch deserving of any attention what
i ever, and what is more I can see no rea
! son for noticing it officially. Still, since
; the matter of county bonds has been thus
j strangely misrepresented it may not be
j out of place for me to briefly outline my
official policy recarding them.
"In rejecting the county bonds in ques
i tion I did so because, in my opinion, the
j proceedings under which they were issued
■ were defective. I consider that the State
■ should purchase no bonds which are not
I absolutely above suspicion or reproach in
i every particular. If ttie State has in the
! past purchased bonds not altogether un
! impeachable, that fact, if indeed it be a
■ fact at all, does not iv any way influence
I me in passing upon the validity of the
; proceedings for the issuance of any bonds
which may be submitted to the State
Board of Examiners witn a view to their
i being purchased by the State.
"I have not advocated, nor do I advo-
I cate, the investment of State money in
i bonds of the United States, because I be-
I lieve it to be the duty of the State to
j invest the said money in bonds of the State
; or of the various counties in the State,
I rather than in United States bonds.
"Owing to the fact that the proceedings
I for the issuance of State and County
! bonds have been in m:;ny cases most un
satisfactory in the past, I have personally
undertaken to examine all future proceed
ings before the bonds are issued, in order
to insure legality in their issuance, and
I with the object of rendering such bonds
acceptable to the State as a safe and relia
ble investment.
"I consider that if I were to advise the
board to purchase bonds, the title to
[ which was not absolutely perfect in every
I respect. I would be guilty of a flagrant
j violation of my bounden "duty as aii offi
cer of the State. And what is'more. I fur
| ther consider that by taking the precau
: tions outlined in order to secure the
issuance of valid bonds, I am doing all
I that can be expected of me, and even
j more, in the faithful discharge of my
duties as Attorney-General."
There is nothing that astonishes a
stranger visiting Australia for the first
time so much as the variety and beauty of
its flowers.
_ : hew to»pat: ■ • •
MUNYON'S
RHEUMATISM
CURE
Munyon's Rheumatism Cure is guaran-
teed to be absolutely harmless and a strong,
tonic in building up the weak and de-
bilitated. It cures, acute or muscular
rheumatism in from one to five days.
Sharp, shooting pains in any part of the
body stopped iby a few doses. A prompt,
complete and permanent cure for lame-
ness, soreness, stiff back and all pains in hips
ana Joins. Chronic rheumatism; sciatica
lumbago or pain in the back are speedily
cured. It seldom fails to give relief from
one or two doses, and , almost invariably
cures before one bottle has been used
Price 25c.
Munyon's Dyspepsia Cure is guaranteed
to cure all forms of indigestion and stom-
ach troubles. Price 25c.
Munyon's Kidney Cure speedily cures
pains in the back, loins or groins and all
forms of kidney disease.
Munyon's Vitalizer restores lost powers
to weak men. Price, $1.
Ask your druc^ist for free copy of Mun-
yon's Guide to Health, and treat yourself
at home with harmless remedies that con-
tain positive cures for all diseases. Sold
by all druggists, mostly at 25c a bottle.
Personal letters to Prof. Munyon, 1505
Arch street, Philadelphia, Pa., answered
with free medical advice for any disease.
QROSECAMieLS
— AND A—
A VENETIAN WATER
R CARNIVAL
will swell the great tide of merry-
making to sweep over the State this
season. ■>■•-.
N SANTA ROSA CARNIVAL
Is Programmed for
April 30, May 1 and 2.
': The charming City of Roses is very
I much at home with this favored
flower, and her pride in its exhibi-
tion is surpassed only by her
amazing wealth of roses. "
VSANMATEO COUNTY'S
ROSECARNIVAL
VROSE CARNIVAL
is to be held at Redwood City on the
DATES NAMED ABOVE, and it will
be abundantly proven that San Mateo
knows all about roses.
A SANTA CRUZ VENETIAN
WATER CARNIVAL
is announced for June 17 to 20, in-
L elusive. Mere mention brings vivid i
recollections of last season's brilliant i
event, to be completely eclipsed this
year, it is said. - Thousands will won-
. der how.
S REDUCED RATES *'»&*
the Southern Pacific Company lor all
these brilliant events. Arrange your
vacation programmes accordingly
• and call on the agents for particulars.
DOCTOR SWEANY,
San Francisco* Leading Specialist,
SUCCESSFULLY TREAT 3 ALL CHRON'tO
diseases of the head, throat, lungs, heart, stom-
ach, liver and bowels: kidney troubles, disorder! ■
of the bladder and urinary organs, rupture, piles,
varicocele, hydrocele and swelling of the glands.
Loss or partial loss of sexual power in either men
or women, emissions, sleeplessness, mental worry,
bashfulness. falling memory and all the distress-
Ing ills resulting from nervous debility positively
an 1 permanently cured. Gonorrhcea. Gleet. Stric-
ture and that terrible and loathsome disease. Syph-
ilis, thoroughly and forever cured.
WRITE your troubles if living away from ta»
city and advice will be given you free or charge.
Address F. L. W.KAN Y, M.D.,
737 Market St. (opposite Examiner Office),
■ San Francisco, CaL
FOR THE
Mendocino Asylum
AT UKIAH,
Commencing May 1, 1896, and End-
ing October 31, 1896.
Notice Is hereby given that sealed Droposals will
be received at the office of the Secretary of the
Board of Directors of the Mendocino Asylum, at
Vkiah, up to 3 o'clock p. m. of MONDAY, April 6,
1896 (Asylum time), for furnishing supplies for
said asylum for the six months commencing May
1,1896, ami ending October 31, 1 896, said pro-
posals consisting of the following schedule, aud to
be delivered as ordered:
Groceries.
600 pounds apples, dried, sliced, No. 1.
4 dozen bath brick.
100 pound* baking powder, Golden Gate, 6-
pound cnns.
3000 pounds beans, small white. No. 1, last crop.
10 ens' scanned corn.
10 cas''s string beans.
24 pounds chocolate. Eagle, No. 1 papers.
30 gallons coal oil. Elain*', 5-gallon cans.
160 pounds Cheese, California, fresh.
400 pounds codfish, No. 100 cases, last catch.
600 pounds crackers. Extra Sodas, American
Biscuit Company.
ICO pounds corn starch, Niagara, 1-pound pack-
ages.
60 pounds currants. Zante, No. 1.
100 pounds mush meal, Breakfast Delight or
Twin brothers.
19 cross matches, safety, Swift A Courteney's,
3 noes.
10 boxes macaroni, No. 1, California, 15-pound
boxes.
100 gallons pickles, No. 1, mixed, in barrels.
1200 pounds prunes, California. French, 60's to
70s.
6 boxes raisins. London Layers, 3 Crown.
I'JOO pounds rice. Sandwich Island, No. 1.
10 gallons olive oil, Durund, 5-^allon cans.
6 cases oysters, Farren's. No. 2. 12-oz. oysters.
2 barrels salmon, Columbia River, large red.
2500 pounds salt, dairy.
60 pounds soda bi-carbonate, 1-lb papers.
2000 pounds sugar, dry granulated, extra fine.
6000 pounds sugar, uolden C.
600 gaHOM syrup, golden, 32 gal. in barrel.
50 gallons syrup, Pacific Ccast Syrup Co.'s
Standard, in barrels.
100 pounds tapioca, flake.
10 boxes vermicelli, No. 1, white, California, 15-
-oound boxes.
6 tfoscn Worcestershire sauce. Lea & Perrin's.
6 dozen pepper sauce.
6 dozen tomato catsup.
110 gallons vinegar wine, 40 grains.
Coffee, Toas and Spices.
360 pounds tea, Japan, Cncolored, A. Schilling &
Co.'s Arano, No. 25.
800 pounds coffee. Old Gov't Java creeu, No, 1.
400 pounds coffee, Guatemala, green, No. I.
600 pounds chicory.
1 dozen extract lemon. 16-oz. No. 1, Standard.
1 dozen extract of vanilla, 16 oz. bottles, No. 1,
standard.
20 pounds cinnamon, ground, 6-pound cans, A.
Schilling <t Co.'s beat.
40 pounds elneer, ground, 5-pound cans, A.
Schilling * Co.'s best.
60 pounds mustard, ground. 5-pound cans, A.
Schilling & Co.'s be9t.
100 pounds pppp»r, black, ground, 5-pouod cans.
A. Schilling <fc Co.'s beau
; PROPOSALS— ;
: Flour, Feed, and Meal*
2000 pounds bran.
260 barrels flour. Baker's Extra. . .
300 pounds hominy, large white.
60 pounds pearl barley.
6000 pounds rolled barley.' ■
j 3000 pounds rolled oats. < I
-- 3000 pounds rolled wheat.
60 pounds split peas.
300 pounds ground malt.
15 barrels graham flour. -
300 pounds cornmeal, white.
Canned Fruit, Etc.
15 cases canned fruit, assorted, standard table,
l-gallon cans. HEU'LTHS
' 10 cases tomatoes, canned, l-gallon cans.
1 case jellies, assorted. ■
Soap, Lye and Soda.
12 boxes soap, Savon, Ist quality, full weight,
. 100 bars in box.
16 boxes soap. Star of the Kitchen, full weight,
100 burs in box.
6 boxes soap, White Satin Borax, New England
Soap Co., 100-bars box. ■■■.■•»
60 cans concentrated lye, American, 1-pound
cans.
300 pounds sal soda.
Brooms and Brashes.
16 dozen corn brooms, Ind. Home of Mechanical
. Trades for Adult Blind manufacture.
3 dozen brushes, hair floor, No. 12. --"
3 dozen brushes, counter, No. 4, extra, all
bristles.
3 dozen mop handles, combination.
2 dozen brushes, shoe. No. 16.
5 dozen brushes, scrub, No. 4.
6 dozen brushes, pot.
.Smoking Tobacco and Pipes.
300 pounds tobacco, smoking, granulated, Bohls.
& Co. 's Buffalo, Ist quality, 1-pound packages. •;-
-6 gross clay-pipes, T. D. - -
Chewing Tobacco.
600 pounds tobacco, chewing, Leggltt <S Myers*
Star, .
Hams, Bacon and Lard. ' :
200 pounds ■ bacon, breakfast, medium light,
clear. • - .:- : ••■
200 pounds hams, bidders to state brands, qual-
ity equal to A. it C.
200 pounds lard, A No. 1, 10 pounds In can.
Batter.
1450 pounds butter, No. 1, fresh dairy. (Must be
fresh and sweet.)
2600 pounds butter, No. 1, pickle roll.
• Fresh Fish. ',-;.•;
6000 pounds fresh iish, delivered at asylum, on
Ice, No. 1.
, Fresh Beef, Mutton and Veal..
30,000 pounds, No. 1, fresh beef, delivered In
sides.
2000 pounds. No. 1, fresh mutton, delivered
whole.
1000 pounds, No. 1, fresh veal, delivered whole.
Eggs.
1000 dozen eggs, fresh, California.
Potatoes.
25,000 pounds potatoes. No. 1.
Wood.
600 cords red fir, cut from sound and standing
trees.
350 cords black oak, cut from sound trees, and
no small limbs.
Oils and Paints.
60 gallons boiled oil, Unseed, In bbls.
10 gallons turpentine, 5-gal. cans.
150 pounds white lead.
30 gallons oil, engine, in bbl., Ist quality.
20 gallons oil, cylinder, 5-gal. cans, Ist quality.
10 gallons oil, pure • sperm, for lantern use, 5-gal-
lon cans.
25 pounds engineer's waste, '.or cleaning engine.
. Laundry Supplies.
300 pounds caustic soda, Green banks', 98 per
cent. , . .-.'■ .-- . -. '.
3 pounds analine blue, Troy Laundry Company's
special.
150 pounds starch, Duryeas'.
150 pounds starch, corn.
100 pounds starch, spear.
15 pounds wax, Japan.
50 pounds chloride of lime.
Clothing. r".'..'
4 dozen coats, cottonade, unlined, 37 to 44.
4 dozen pants, cottonade, unlined, leg 30 to 34,
waist 32 to 44. .
2 dozen vests, cottonade, 37 to 44.
6 dozen overalls, unlin-d, brown, medium weight.
10 dozen hickory shirts, neck 15 to 17, 27 inches
wide by 33 inches long.
Dry Goods.
200 yards bedticking.^Amoskeag, A. C. A., 36
] inches wide. .
2 gross buttons, coat and vest, horn.
ID gross buttons, pants.
10 gross buttons, agate, dress and shirt, Nos. 30,
40 and 50.
2 dozen brushes, hair, for toilet.
6 dozen combs, dress. .
2 dozen comts. fine.
50 dozen cotton thread, C ark's O. N. T., assorted ;
numbers and colors.
500 yards canton flannel, XXX unbleached,
I Nashua.
150 yards Caledonia check. No. 1 medium check,
34 in. wide. .
300 yards prints, standard, medium colors.
100 yards cheese cloth, first quality.
200 yards gingham, dress, small check.
300 yards crash; linen, 18 in. wide. J . ;v .' ' •
50 yards denims, .Pearl Kiver. indigo blue, 28 In.
wide.
300 yards sheeting, Utica, unbleached, 58 In.'
wide.  ) ; --.-:.-...^ ■ .^. -.-  ... -..,...
100 yards sheeting, bleached. 81 in. wide.
100 yaid3 she* ting, unbleached, 4-4, Indian
Head.
100 yards long cloth.
50 yards table linen, bleached, 72 In. wide. ' • ■
50 yards elastic, garter, black and white.
50 yards sheeting, unbleached. 5-4.
2 dozen bedspreads, white, 4-4. v -M' :
4 dozen bedspreads, white, 3-4.
10 dozen ladies' bo.se. No. 200, cotton.
15 dozen cotton socks, men's assorted sizes. ' '
5 dozen handkerchiefs, ladies'.
10 dozen handkerchiefs, men's, Turkey red, 24
inches. J
5 dozen hairpins, K. & 8.. assorted, No. 100.
200 yards muslin, bleached. Fruit of the Loom.
1000 needles, M [ward's, assorted sizes. • ■
1 gross safety pins, assorted sizes. - f
1 gross pins, Wallace & Sons', F. S. C. No. 3^4. ,
3 dozen darning cotton, white and black.' -•
3 dozen linen thread, Barbour's, Nos. 40 and 60,
white and black. • . .
1 dozen dress stays, horn, 1 dozen in bunch. *--6
-6 dozen bunches shoestrings. »* ■• v,->^i
1 dozen papers machine needles, assorted Singer
sewing-machine. i .'
10 dozen towels, toilet, buck, half bleached. .- .
.' ;.C^ Shoes and Slippers.
3 dozen pairs men's Drogans, sizes 6to 13. •
2 dozen pairs ladles' buskins, sizes 3to 8. '
• Respectfully submitted, •
E. W. KINO,. '
Medical Superintendent. •
The above-named articles are all to be of the best •
dualities, subject to the approval of the Medical
Superintendent, and 10 be delivered at the asylum
at such times and in such quantities as neViay de-
sire. Aud it is expressly understood • that If * a '
greater or less quantity of any article above men-
tioned shall be required by the Medical Superin-
tendent, the same shall be furnished by the con-
tractor at the contract price.
The contracts will be awarded to the lowest re-
sponsible bidder, and no bid will be received or
considered unless accompanied by a certified check
In an amount equal to 10 per cent of the bid or bids
presented, which amount shall be forfeited to the
people of the State of California as settled, fixed
ana liquidated damages in case the bidder to whom
the award of contracts is made shall fail or refuse
to enter into such contract- and furnish such bonds
for the faithful performance of the same as the-
Board of Directors may require within five days
after such award. Separate bids will be received for
GROCERIES,
COFFEE, TEA AND SPICES. •
FLOUR, FEED AND MEAL,
CANNED FRUITS, ETC.,"
SOAP, LYE AND SODA, -
BROOMS AND BRUSHES,
SMOKING TOBACCO AND PIPES,
CHEWING TOBACCO,
HAMS. BACON AND LARD, •
BUTTER,
FRESH FISH,
FRESH BEEF, MUTTON AND VEAL*
EGOS,
POTATOES,
WOOD,
OILS AND PAINTS, .
LAUNDRY SUPPLIES, , ', . - ,
CLOTHING,
DRY OOODS,
SHOES AND SLIPPERS. -
The Board reserves the right of rejecting any or
all bids. Payments to be made • monthly In cash
when there is money in . the treasury for such pay- '
ments, and when I there ! is < no money in the treas-
ury, payment to be made out of the first money In
th« treasury applicable for such purpose. . . • ■
Bids to be addressed to W. W. CUNNINGHAM,
Secretary of the Board of Directors of the Mendo-
cino Asylum, at Ukiab, Cal., and indorsed on tho
envelope "Proposals for Furnishing Supplies."
Samples of articles showing the character and
quality thereof required, except such as are perish-
able, may be seen at the storeroom of the asylum.
• The attention of bidders is called to the follow-
ing section from the Political Code of this State:
Section 3235. "No supplies of any kind or char-
acter for the benefit of the State, or to be paid by
any moneys appropriated or to be appropriated by
the State, manufactured or grown In this State
which are in whole or in part the product of ' Mo-
ngolian labor, shall be purchased by the officials of "
this State having control of any public Institution
under the control of the state or of any count*" a
city and county, city or town thereof." ' -
In order to preserve uniformity and facilitate the
award it has been ! resolved to receive no bids un- 1
less made upon blank forms furnished by the seo-
retary. < . ; .- s - -- ■ ■ .
;• Parties will please carry out the sum total for '
each article and add up the same, so that the cross '
amount may be s?en at a glance; otherwise bid
will not be considered. -:■■  ; . , . .."*
_ By order of the Board ;of Directors of the Men-
docino Asylum at I'kiah. : ' £ * r
Dated Ukiah, March 6, 1896. .
Attest • J *. H. A WELL - President.
W. W. Ccsmshkak, Secretary. • '
cosivcor»oijiTA.]>r
Opposite U. . 8. Mint, 100 and 102 Fifthst.
irauclsco, Cal.-The most select family hotel la
the city. Board an! room. $1. $1 25 and $I SUpac
day,^according to room. Meals 25c. KoJmTSoo
and 750 a day. Free coach to and from the hotel!
Look for the coach bearing the name of the Co*
mopolltaa Hotel. • waf. FAHEY. i>roprielot "
TANStmp/LLSNET PROFITS
OF THE ROADS.
Much Larger Than Had
Been Admitted by the
Companies
A HEAVY BONDED DEBT.
The Attorney-General Says That
It Exceeds the Value of
the Property.
CAUSING EXORBITANT RATES.
Remarkable Showing Made in the
United States Circuit Court in
the Railroad Case.
Attorney-General Fitzgerald spoke all
day yesterday in Judjre McKenna's court
and bandied a mass of figures and statis
tics that would have distracted an ordi
nary layman. The figures were those of
the railroad company, and were quoted to
phow that the business was yielding large
profisa ami that the bonded indebtedness
of the roads was greater than their value.
In the morning he resumed his showing
::,;a*nsi the railroad company on its report
for 18M4. He argued ;hat the report had
been doctored to show a deficiency -%-hen
in fact the net profile of t'je entire Pacific
system amounted to $384,000 in 1804, and
on tbe California sy.-iein to $350.00(1, mak
ing a total net profit from all sources of
: ore than one million dollars.
He argued also from the Company's own
report that the railroad company had used
The cost of the betterments for the pur
pose ot showing a deficit, ana also for
showing an added cost of construction
over an^ above the actual cost. The at
torneys for the company had riled the re
port as part of the evidence, only for which
(Sot he would not have been allowed to
use it in his argument.
The Attorney-General spent considerable
time in replying to Mr. Herrin's argument
that the cost of the ro&B exceeded their
bonded indebtedness. Mr. Herrin, he
said, had stated that there were additions
and bettefinents not being in the nature of
repairs or mere operating expenses from
1870 to 1874 amounting to 18,908,518 L&
Included in the bill of the complainant as
operating expenses are these items, based
ur><m the estimate? of Engineer Stevens:
Southern Pacific of Arizona — Cost of
construction, 17,003,86009; additions, bet
terments and improvements, $3,020.0-. JO ;
total cost. 110,023,860; bonded indebted
ness, $1' •/.»'■ •.. 0 '.
Southern Pacific of New Mexico— Cost of
construction. $.i.«'>4»,572 20: betterments,
etc.. $560,378 36; a total of $4,213,950 46.
Northern Railway— Cose, 49,419,903 02;
betterments, etc., $f,003.000 10; total, $10,
--454.903 12.
The Attorney-General asked the court to
•carefully consider this question of better
ments and additions. He contended that
tne plaintiff operated the Northern Cali
fornia "Railway Company as though it
We're its own property lor the term of forty
years at a nominal rental of $1 per year";
therefore, the impiovements and better
hientsmust.be treated as an addition to
the value of its own property.
The plaintiff has availed* itself of these
expenditures for additions, improvements
and betterments for the purpose of show
ing an apparent increase in the cost of
construction, and it could not again avail
itself of them for the purpose of increasing
the operating expenses so as to create an
alleged deficit.
The speaker next proceeded to show the
values of the roads, as sworn to by the
proper railway officials under oath in "mak
ing their returns to the Assessors, and the
value of the steamboats, etc., as made by
the Assessors.
Central Pacific Railroad — Franchise,
roadbed, etc., $8,702,671; Assessor's valua
tion on ateamboats, etc., $5,516,895; total,
$14,219,569.
Southern Pacific Railroad Company of
California — Franchise, etc.. $11,106,369;
Assessors valuation, $5,012,973; total, $16,
--119 32.
California Pacific Railroad Company-
Franchise, etc., $1,350,000; Assessor's
valuation, $54,935; total, $1,404,935.
Northern Railway C0mpany— 53,445,542;
-or's valuation, $175,110; total,
13,620,952:
The total valuation of all the roads was
given by the speaker at $47,695,728 and the
bonded indebtedness at $102,386,900, so
that the value of the property, according
to Mr. Towne's sworn statement to the
Assessor, was less than one-half of the
bonded indebtedness. Then the following
statements were read:
Central Pacific (in California)— Bonded
indebtedness. $35,420,000; excess of bonded
indebtedness over value, $15,691,533; actual
value, $19,000,000, the bonded indebtedness
being more than two-thirds greater than
the value.
Southern Pacific Railroad Company—
"Bonded indebtedness, $43,652,400 ; actual
va1ue... 521,132,205; excess, $22,520,195. Here
the indebtedness is more than rwice the
value of tbe road.
California Pacific Railroad Company—
Indebtedness more than four and a half
times the. value of the road.
The excess of the bonded indebtedness
over the actual value of the Northern Rail
way Company was $SBB,7rto.
"Those are the valuations of the Asses
sor," suggested Judge Garber.
"They are the valuations as furnished
by you to tbe Assessor; as furnished by
Mr. Towne under oath," replied the Attor
ney-General.
The excess of the bonded indebtedness
of the Southern Pacific Railroad Company
over the value was $4,127,048, continued
the speaker. The aggregate bonded in
debtedness of the roads in California was
$102,380/ tOO and their actual value only
$47;69%7€6. The bonded indebtedness of
the roads to the Government was not in
cluded in the foregoing, and the annual
interest of $5,505,753 is nearly 12 per cent
oi the actual value or the roads.
"The corn.plair.ant asks," continued the
Epeaker, "that the shippers of California
should be burdened with exorbitant rates
in order that theymay make, a profit upon
this enormously disproportionate bonded
indebtedness. They .-ay to the Assessor
under oath that this "property is worth
$47,000,000 and to the court in this case
they say it is worth more than $10^,000,000.
They are acting in bad faith in this case,
and .t bey are not entitled to anything iii
equity.
•\\ hile the valuation, as shown by the
Assessor, is not evidence of its value in
other cases, in this case the comp'ainant
Las furnished the court with a definite
standard by which the real value of tile
properly may bo arrived at. It has shown
that it is the custom of Assessors to assess
property at oC dct cent of its commercial
value. Therefore the valuation doubled
may be taken as the actual commercial
value of the property assessed."
Ti.e- Attorney-Genera! argued that Mr.
Herrin had omitted from his statement
|27,000,000 of bonded indebtedness of the
Central Pacific Railroad Company to the
Government and $18,000,000 of interest,
which made the total bonded indebted
ness $102,024,000, or $29,000,000 more than
Mr. Herrin's estimate. He added that it
was manifest that the road was saddled
with an indebtedness many millions of
dollars in excess of its value to-day.
The statement of Senator Stanford
was quoted to the effect that the entire
cost of the road should not have been
more than 70 per cent of what it actually
did cost, by reason of its construction be
ing pushed forward in inordinate haste.
Engineer Hcod's report to Senator Stan
ford was also quoted, in which Mr. Hood
said that if more time had been taken in
the buiiding of the road, the entire road
could have been built for 75 per cent less
than its actual cost.
The Southern Pacific of New Mexico ex
pend. -d $567,387 26 for additions and bet
terments, and but for those additions the
cost of the road would have fallen below
its bonded indebtedness.
With reference to the sub ect of the net
profits of the roads in California for the
ye«r 1894 the Attorney-General said that
that year, by reason of the great railroad
strike and the tieup of tne road for several
weeks in the busiest part of the green
deciduous fruit season, was far below the
average in business depression. He
showed that notwithstanding the strike
the California roads realized a net profit of
$2,38-3,183.
The hour of 4 o'clock having arrived,
the court took a recess until 11 o'clock this
morning. Attorney-General Fitzgerald re
marked that he expected to conclude his
argument this morning.
The Mormon Tabernacle Choir.
The California tour of the Mormon Taber
nacle choir will cost that body the snug little
sum of $15,000. It has a treasury in excellent
shape, however, its pro ills arising out of the
prizes it has won in the big contests in which
it has taken part and the concerts it gives in
the mammoth Tabernacle at Salt Lake.
The choir will give five frand concerts at
Metropolitan Temple, April 15 to 19. Season
tickets will be on sale on and after April ti at
Sherman, Clay ci'Co.'s.
The Schooner Coronet of the New York Yacht Club That Will Take a Party of Scientists to Japan to
Observe the Eclipse of the I" v i I h:it Occurs Next August.
VINING GETS A SCORING
The Superintendent Hauled Over
the Coals With No Gen
tle Hand.
Lively Resolutions at the Meeting of
the Point Lobos Avenue Im
provement Club.
.Enthusiasm was by no means lacking at
last night's meeting of the Point Lobos
avenue Improvement Club. Crossthwaite's
Hall on Fifth avenue was the scene of the
gathering, which was presided over by
George R. Fletcher, president of the club.
Announcement was made that the
Superintendent of Streets had issued a
call for bids on the contract for clearing
Twenty-fourth avenue of drifting sand in
which it is at present submerged; also
that the grade of First avenue in the sec
tion now being paved would beredeced to
8 per cent in order to render the ascent of
vehicles less difficult. The committee on
the First avenue boulevard having lost one
of its members through the resignation of
G. Frohman the vacautplace was supplied
by the election of P. Filippini, the other
two members of tbe committee being Luke
Battles and F. T. Newberry.
The streetcar service in Richmond dis
trict was severely criticized.
R. M. Wood said he had seen rriotormen
on the Sutro line allow cars to attain a
speed of fully twenty miles an hour, and
yet omit to ring the bell at the street
crossings.
"Eight miles, I believe," remarked Mr.
Fletcher, "is the legal maximum of speed,
but sometimes it looks as though the gait
were nearer eignty. I suppose the thing
will be regulated after a lew women and.
children shall have Dcen killed."
Daniel P. Fenton opined that it would
be better to say nothing on tbe subject for
the present as some o; the offending nio
tormen had been discharged and others
warned that they would lose their posi
tions if they did not use some degree of
care and prndence in running the cars.
Tne club then proceeded to- pay its com
pliments to Mr. Vining of the Market
street Railway Company by adopting reso
lutions that were prefaced by a very sar
castic preamble in which Mr. Vining and
his ''peculiar transfer system" were
handled without gloves albeit with a gooa
deal of biting humor and satire. The res
olutions themselves were as follows:
fttsolved. That this club and the people of the
Richmond District pledge themselves to use
their best endeavors to have inserted in the
platforms of the political parties a plank I
pledging the candidates to the Senate and A-
■embiy to introduce and carry through the
I'omiug Legislature a bill that no streetcar
shall carry more passengers than there are seats
lor iv the car, and that the price of a single
fare on any street railroad shall not exceed '.i
cents, or shall be two fares for 5 cents; and be
ft further
Jicsolrtd, That the secretary be instructed to
forward a copy of this preamble and resolution
to every improvement club In this City and
also to the Merchants' Aswociation, and that
5000 copies be printed for distribution asking
the clubs and the public to co-operate with
tnis club to brine this important public ques
tion to a successful issue.
Mr. Fenton called attention to the con
dition of the sidewalk in front of tke
Sutro Primary School, on Twelfth avenue,
the boards of which were in so rotten a j
state that in his opinion there was great |
danger of children tripping and foiling.
The executive committee was ordered to
investigate the matter and report UDon it
to the Board of Education.
"It's the most villainous piece of busi
ness I ever saw," added Mr. Fenton by
way of a commentary.
Residents were reported as not being
desirous of going about with lanterns by
night, as many of them are said to have
been doing hitherto. A petition is to be
prepared calling the attention of the Bu
| penutendent of Streets to the matter.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, APRIL 2, 1896.
NO T ON PLEASURE BENT.
The Yacht Coronet Here to
Take a Party of Scientists
to Japan.
BHE CAME AROUND THE HORN.
Her Millionaire Owner and His Guests
Expected Here in a Couple
of Days.
The American yacht Coronet arrived
from New York yesterday after a fair
passage of 118 days. Captain C. S. Crosby
brought her around the Horn and is dis
appointed that he did not make the run in
"at least three weeks' better time. Arthur
Curtis James, her millionaire owner, made
a better guess than the man who has
handled the handsome schooner from the
day she was launched. Mr. James cave
the yacht 120 days in which to reach San
Francisco and laid his plans accordingly.
Inside of forty-eight hours he and the
party that is accompanying him may be
expected here. In consequence tbe Coro
net's anchor was barely down before the
crew was hard at work getting thing 3
shipshape in expectation of the owner's
arrival.
The Coronet is 152 tons register, 134 feet
over all and 128 feet on the water line. She j
is 27 feet broad and 12 feet 6 inches deep.
Her main boom is 75 feet long and her
main gaff 45 feet. Her foreboom is 37 fct \
and foregaff'3s feet and her jibboom 20;
feet. She carries besides her mainsails a I
jib, riving jib, jib-topsail nnd fore-topsail.
She was built in 18:<5, and is now as stanch
as the day she was launched. There is
nothing alow or aloft that is not in per
fect proportion, and the Coronet can be
put down as one of the prettiest yachts
that has been seen in the bay for a long
time.
Captain C. S. Crosby's chief officer is M.
C. Gilbert, and under him there is a sec
ond mate, eight sailors, a cook and stew
ard. In speaking about the trip the
skipper said : "The Coronet belongs to the
New York Yacht Club, and our run oi 118
days was a long one, I think. We had
heau winds in the North Atlantic nnd no
trades in the South Atlantic. In rounding
the Horn we were only fifteen days in get
ting from 53 to ;">3, and off the cape we did
not have aa heavy weather aa we had a
few days ago off the coast of California.
The Coronet is a fast boat, but the ele
ments were against us. The year after
she was built she raced the yacht Daunt
less from New York to Southampton and
beat her thirty hours. Since that time she
has made four trips to Europe and been
once around the world. In 1888 she was
in San Diego, and on that occasion John
D. Spreckels paid us a visit. Rufu? Wood
was then owner of the yacht, and when he
died Mr. James purchased her.
"The Coronet is here to take a party of
scientists to Japan to make observations
of the eclipse of the sun which takes place
in August. The party will be headed by
Professor Todd of Amherst College, and,
including Mr. James and his wife, there
will be fifteen all told. We have all the
instruments provided by the college on
the yacht, so as soon as Mr. James ar
rives we will be ready for a start."
The Coronet has six large staterooms all
magnificently furnished, a dining-room
ana smoking-room, so the party of fifteen
may have no fear of being crowded. At her
fore she flies the colors of Amherst Col
lege—a star and crescent on a green
ground. On her aftermast she flies the
colors of the New York Yacht Club. After
their observations are completed the yacht
will return to San Francisco and the party
will go home overland.
MRS. STOCKTON CAST OUT
Unanimously Excommunicated
From Dr. Brown's Fold of
the Church.
Communion Postponed Until the First
Sunday in May— Proceedings at
the Prayer-Meeting.
Mrs. Stockton's name no longer adorns
the roll of membership of the First Con
gregational Church of this City. She was
excommunicated last ni^ht and cast into
outer darkness, where there ia weepini?
and wailing and gnashing of teeth. And
when the church passes her by in the
street the cbureh will gather its skirts
close lest they should brush those of the
ex-member whom the pastor last night
called a person.
When the business part of the prayer
meeting arrived Brother Christianson of
the standing committee read a brief re
port indefinitely announcing that charges
had been preferred against Mrs. M. A.
Stockton, that she had been cited to ap
pear before the committee, that she has
failed to appear and that the committee
recommended that she be excommunicated
from the church.
Dr. Brown, as calmly as though he were
announcing a text, asked what should be
done with the report. Some one in the
audience, between Deacon Morse, who sat
in front, and Brother Nagle. who modestly
occupied a chair in the rear, moved that
the committee's recommendation be
adopted.
"You have heard the motion duly made
and supported," said Dr. Brown. "All
you who are in favor hold up the hand."
The hands went up.
"Contrary-minded, if any?"
There being no contrary minds, the pas
tor added : "It is so ordered. The clerk
will so inform the person named of the
action of this congregation."
And thus the name of the fair kisser or
kiseee, as the case might be, was stricken
from the roll of membership.
Letters were received irom other churches
requesting that the following-named per
sons be received into membership in the
First Congregational church: Mr. and
Mrs. F. E. Adams, from the Grand-avenue
Congregational Church of Milwaukee;
Mrs. A. F. Jordan, from the church in
National City, Cal., and Charles W. Heath
of Spokane, Wash.
The following applications for member
ship on profession of faith were referred to
the standing committee: Mrs. L. V. Bux
ton, Mrs. F. Idenmuller, Miss B. Jacques,
i Tt omas Jacques, Master Thomas Jacques,
Master F. H. Idenmuller, Master William
C. Idenmuller, Mrs. M. F. Clayton and
Mrs. I. T. McL,eary.
The lesson of the evening was on the
humility of Paul and the humility of
Christ. Deacon Dexter, in his prayer,
asked a blessing on the absent ones who
had been accustomed to meet there and
who were now elsewhere. Deacon Vascon
sellos prayed "that we may learn from day
to day and from sad experience of things
that have been to draw nearer to Thee."
Rev. Dr. Kimball made some comments
on the lesson. He believed that there
was in the churches and the Christians to
day a pood deal of the humility of St.
Paul and the Savior, but that more was
needed. Those who wished to exemplify
the true Christian spirit should give up
big ambitions, h« said, and be filled with
the wonderful simplicity, unselfishness
and humility.
Rev. A. R. Sherriff, R. S. Szanik and
Mry. C. H. Williams were granted letters
of withdrawal.
Announcement was made that the Eas
ter communion had been postponed until
the first Sunday in May.
The attendance last night was large,
about two hundred people being present.
When Dr. Brown was asked after the
meeting whether there was any truth in
the report that he was going to" resign he
pointed to his audience and asked. "Does
that look as if I was going to resign ?" He
added that he had never said to any one
that he intended offering his resignation.
MATCHING BOXERS.
Tommy Ryan Will Not Meet George
Green — Corrigan and Van
Buskirk.
A young man named Corrigan visited
Billy Kennedy, the superintendent of the
Olympic Club, last evening and asked to
be matched against Van Buskirk, the
champion heavyweight boxer of the club.
Neithtr Johnson, the boxing instructor
of the Sacramento Athletic Club, nor
"Soldier" Walker, also of Sacramento, will
consent to a meeting with the Olympic
champion.
Johnson excuses himself by asking the
club to hang up a purse which he is well
aware will not be given. This is a pleas
ant way some pugilists have of avoiding a
good whipping.
Corrigan is said to be a hard puncher.
He came to this country from Australia
with George Dawson, and is very anxious
that Superintendent Kennedy pick out
some good man from among the middle or
heavy weight pugilists so that he (Corri
gan) may have an opportunity of proving
to the amateur boxing-match maker that
he can go a good race against the best tal
ent now procurable.
Kennedy will give him a "try-out" anil
if Corrigan proves worthy of recognition
he will be matched against Van Buskirk
for six rounds, the contest to take place at
the Pavilion in May. McGinley, the clever
Australian light-weight boxer, will be
asked for his opinion of Corrigan to-day.
Tommy Ryan of Chicago telegraphed
Kennedy last evening that it would be
impossible for him to meet George Green
in May &z he is under the doctor's care
and will not be physically able to.settle
down to a course of training for some
months. Ryan received a severe beating
from McCoy in their last engagement.
Kennedy telegraphed Jack Everhardt,
Billy Myers, Jack McAuliffe and George
Dawson last night that if either of the
quartet would consent to a ten-round con
test with George Green, the winner would
receive $1000 and the loser $250. Kennedy
says that the first, man to answer in the
affirmative will be matched. He expects
an answer to some of the dispatches to«
day.
It is said that the National Athletic
Club wjll matcn Joe McAuliffe to box
twenty rounds against Armstrong, a pro
tege of "Parson" Davies, the mill to come
off at Colnia in June.
The .Name Ought to Be Known.
An old colored man who wheels rubbish
out of alleys in a Southside residence dis
trict, according to the Chicago News, con
siders hirftself pretty well known among
the people away from whose back doors he
pushes ashes. Yesterday morning one of
the gentlemen who employs the African
walked out in his back yard* and spoke fa
miliarly to the ashwheeler.
"What is your name?" he asked, in ad
dressing the colored man.
"George Washington," was the reply.
"Washington — Washington," repeated
the gentleman. "It seems to me I have
heard that name before."
"Guess you have," replied the African.
"I have been wheeling ashes out of these
alleys for 'bout ten years."
Pictures, frames, mirrors, clocks, onyx
tables, parlor easels, piano and banquet lamps,
silk and paper shades. All the newest things
at bottom prices. Sanborn, Vail dt Co. *
TO SPEED THE PARTING
Dinner and Reception in Honor
of Departing Local Mu
sicians.
THE COLLINS RECEPTION.
Fashionable Wedding Tc-Day — Society
Prepares for the Outing
Season. •
Mrs. Birmingham, who leaves shortly
for England, where she will complete her
musical studies, was the guest of honor at
a delightful dinner given by Mrs. Mar
riner-Campbeli at her artistic home on
Turk street on Sunday last.
The dinner was served in the afternoon,
between church hours, the guests being
all members of fashionable church choirs.
The menu was delicious and the decora
tions artistic and elaborate. Seated at
table were Mr. and Mrs. Birmingham,
Miss Birmingham, Miss Jeanette Wilcox,
Mr. Perrier, Charles Hamilton Howe and
Mr. and Mrs. Campbell.
On Monday evening Mr. A. F. Schleicher
gave a reception in honor of William
Simonson, the popular local tenor, who
leaves shortly to continue his musical
studies with his sister, Mine. Saville, in
Paris.
Fruit blossoms and shaded silk stream
ers made a most effective decoration. The
guests, about thirty-five in number, were
all musical people and a most delightful
evening was spent. Frank Coffin, Miss
Van Black, Mrs. Alvina Heuer Willson.
Dr. Seiberst and Professor Dellepiane con
tributed vocal selections to the evening's
enjoyment.
At midnight an elaborate supper was
served and many a bumper of champagne
was drunk to the health and success of the
departing guest.
On Saturday evening Mr. and Mrs. D.
Collins gave a delightful reception at their
home, 1910 Leavemvorth street, compliment
ary to their son, Loring Alexander Collins.
Games and dancing made the evening pass
pleasantly, and all too quickly, till midnight,
when an elaborate and delicious supper was
served. The guests, all young people, num
bered about thirty-five.
The wedaing of Miss Millie Viola Greene
baurn, daughter of Mr. and Mrs. J. Greene
banm, and lJr. Herbert Hatch, will be married
this afternoon at 4 o'clock at the residence of
the bride's parents on Van Ness avenue. Rob
ert Morrow will be best man. There are to be
na bridesmaids nor maid of honor. A sin ail
reception will follow the ceremony.
Mr. and Mrs. Lloyd Tevis and Miss Florence
Hreckenridge leave the 18th of June for a two
months' stay at Santa Monica.
Mrs. Monroe Salisbury has left for a short
visit to New York.
Mr. and Mrs. Julius Kruttschnitt and family
will spend the summer season at Clear Lake.
Mrs Laurence Pool Is located at the Rlche
iieu prior to leaving for Castle Crag, where she
will pass the summer.
Frank McCoppin is spending two weeks at
Paso KoDles.
Mrs. Edward Stanley and Miss Garber leave
en the Ist oi May for Napa Soda Springs for an
oxteuded visit.
Mrs. Low and Miss Flora Low were in Paris
at last accounts, but. are expected home early
in July.
Mr. and Mrs. A. Ciirrigan have returned irom
their visit to Keswick.
Frederick E. Wilson, construction engineer
of the Mountain Mineß Limited, has returned
to Iron Mountain after a short visit here.
Mr. and Mrs A. H. Merrill and family have
taken cottage "Castle Crest" at Belvedere for
the summer.
Miss Rose Murdock has returned from a fort
night's outing iv the Santr Cruz Mountains.
Mr. and Mrs. Edward Head are occupying
their new home, 120t> Masonic avenue.
Mrs. M. B. Bianchard, cousin of Mrs. H. G.
Seiberst, after an extensive tour through the
South and California, has returned to Newaru,
X. J.
Mrs. Nathan Levy will be pleased to see her
friends at her residence, 1814 Post street, on
Tuesday, April 7, prior to her departure for the
East.
Mr. and Mrs. Jul ius P. Morris have moved in
their own home at U l4 Second avenue, Rich
mond district.
The engagement is announced of Mißs Alice
E. Blake, daughter of the late Dr. James W.
Blake of this City, to John W. McAlpin of
South Kensington, London, Eng., at present
living on his farm iv San Luis Ooispo County,
Cal. The marriage will take place at the home
of the bride about the middle of April.
The Mispah Charity Club, through the gen
erosity of Major Hooper, will receive their
friends at the Occidental Hotel Saturday even
ing, April 11, from 8 to 11 o'clock. A musical
and literary programme will be the feature of
the evening, with promenade music inter
spersed between the numbers by the Colum
bicu Stringed Quartet. The names on the pro
gramme are Mrs. Alista Shedd Langstrotn,
Mrs. Olive Reed, Miss. Carolyn Boyan, John
Housman, Dr. D. A. Hodgheati, Messrs. baucho
and Lombardero and the Figaro Club. Tlcsets
have been placed at 50 cents and are procur
able of Mispah members or at the door.
The first yacht ride of the Marine Yacht
Club took place Sunday, November 29. The
party landed on Anerel" Island, where lunch
was served. After a delightful repast dancing
was in order. At 2 o'clock the club sailed past
the Union Iron Works and then set sail for
home. The party landed at 7 o'clock. Among
those present were: Miss Ilerber, Miss Gud
manson, Miss Moyce, Miss Williams, Miss Mc-
Crosson, Miss Sheehan, Misa Garden, Miss
White, Mrs. Morse, Mrs. Moyce, Mrs. Petty,
Mrs. D. D. Lowney, Mrs. Waldo; Murray
Messrs. Brooks, Petty, l'less, Morris, Lowney,
Morse, Moyce, McCrosson, Williams, Seydeh,
Peirson, Retehless, Phillips, Buscelle, Gud
mauson, Sheehan and Terkelson.
Large School Attendance.
BERKELEY, Cal., April L— A meet
ing of the Board of Education was held
last evening. The chief business trans
acted was the passage of salary warrants
and other monthly bills.
Principal Waterman's report of attend
ance at the P^ast Berkeley schools showed
the following numbers of pupils at
the various schools: Kellogg School-
Enrollment 350, average attendance
332; Le Conte School — Enrollment
305. attendance 282; Whittier School, en
rolled 278, attendance 267; Rose-street
School, enrolled 278, attendance 267; Lorin
School, enrolled 286, attendance 277: High
School, enrolled 275, attendance 2GB; total
enrollment, 1599; total average attend
ance, 150(3.
Principal Warneck of the West Berke
ley schools presented a report which
showed thut the number of pupils en
rolled during the month of March was
474 and the average daily attendance 400.
Love for Love.
BERKELEY, Cal., April I.— The stu
dents of the university who will present
the travesty on Congreve's "Love for
Love" at Shattuek Hall early in April, for
the benefit of the Eastern athletic team
and the English department library, are
practicing daily for the event. The train
ing of the actor 3is under the care of L. D.
Syle of the English department. A large
number of tickets for the affair have
already been sold.
A Short Sujipi y of Ink.
At a banquet in Cleveland last week
Billy Kountz told the following story, in
his quick, characteristic way. He said:
"Arriving in Pittsburg the other night on
a late train, I dropped into Newell's for a
bite to eat. While waiting for my order,
I heard two waiters conversing in barely
audible undertones. The first speaker
said: "Sandowcame in last night after the
theater and had some blue points and a
bottle of Bass. On getting his check he
laid a $100 bill on the table, took out a
stylograph ic pen and wrote Sandow across
the face of the note. I asked, 'Why did
you do that, Mr. Sandow?' 'Oh,' replied
the strong man, 'I always write my name
on every $100 bill I break.' Then up spoke
the other waiter, who hadn't said a word
yet, 'Do you know, i used to do that, too;
but I rau out of ink.' "— Pittsburg Dis
patch.
Joseph Winkelmaier, an Austrian who
was burn in 1805 and died in 1887, reached
the reputed height of 8 feet 9 inches. In
bis case, at least, there is no question that
the measurements were properly authen
ticated.
gT$ **^ . >rf^""^ <r^- >
mpa soda mim,
California's ranmiu 3loui>tain Spa!'
Have You Bkkv There Latki.y?
1000 feet above Napa Valley. Climate unsur-
passed. Views magnificent. Tubie supplied from
orchard and ocean, field and farm. Hot and cold
Napa Soda water baths. Telephone and Postottlrc. i
Burros to ride. Howling alleys, tennis, croquet,
swings and hammocks. New improvements every
year. Gas and running water in every room. Re-
lief for asthmatics. WARM WATER SWIM-
MING TANK. An Ideal summer resort. Chil-
dren's paradise: mothers' delight: husbands' rest.
Address AN DREW JACKSON, Napa Soda Springs
Pacific Congress Springs Hotel.
One of the Finest Hotels in California.
lOCATED IN THE C A N YON OF THE SANTA
■I Cruz Mountains, a mile above Saratoga, amid
enchanting- scenery. HOO feet above the sea level,
with a frontage of 460 l'eet south.
Large Double Rooms, With Private
Bathrooms.
PURE SPRING of the famed CONGRESS
SPRINGS MINERAL WATEU Of the aikalo-
chnlybente class: valuable for table use and dys-
pepsia, liver and kidney troubles, rheumatism,
gout and cutaneous affections.
HOTEL and COTTAGES.
NEW NATATORICM.
ALL lighted with electricity: elactric bells, tele-
grnph and telephone: good stables.
RATES VERY RKASONABLE: only 2%
hours' from San Francisco, via S. P. to Snn
Jose, and to Congress Springs via electric-cars.
Write for particulars.
«T. f. PFETCH, Proprietor.
TAVERN OF CASTLE CRAG!
Queen of AH Mountain Resorts.
The Tavern of Castle Crag, tho most
beautiful, attractive and accessible of
all mountain resorts, -will open for the
reception of guests June Ist. and close
October Ist, 1696.
GEORGE SCMONEWALD, Manager,
Room 59, Union Trust Building-,
San Francisco.
— — ,
Will HOT SULPHUR SPRIXGS.
Lake County, Cai.
THE FAVORITE SUMMER AND WIN-
TER RESORT.
HANDSOME NEW HOTEL; LARGE ANl>
commodious rooms; large new dining-room;
everything newly furnished throughout the hotel
and coitagOß.
.Stage daily from Culistoza to springs: round-trip
tirkei at Southern Pacific office, $8. Fine listiing
aad hunting. Address J. A. HAYS, Proprietor.
EL BONITO HOTEL
■VTOW OPEN TO TOURISTS FOR THE
ii season; salt and freshwater bathing, huntini:,
fishing and boating: redwood grove, etr.: terms
reasonable. U. W. MUBGAHT,
Duncans Mills, bonomu Uo.,CaL
The largest piece of
Good tobacco
e/er sold for 10 cents
DO YOU KNOW THAT THERE IS SCIENCE
IN NEATNESS? BE WISE AND USE
SAPOLIO
DR. LEPPER'S
ELECTRIC LIFE!
Cures Rheumatism, . Neuralgia, • Bruises,
Sprains, Stiff Joints and Swellings.
IT STOPS AM. PAIN. '
', ALL " DBUGGISTS '." BELL, IT. :
SO CENTS AND «1 A BOTTI.K.
HIGHLAND SPRINGS,
On the Border of Clear Lake,
LAKE COUNTY, CAL.
DO YOU- ENJOY A SUPERB CLIMATE,
dancing, lawn tennis, croquet, billiards? Do
j you like fine bathing, boating, hunting and fishing?
Do you need recuperation and rest afforded by over
I thirty kinds of mineral springs? shortest stage
j route into Lake County.
I All this and more can be had at Highland
Springs.
New hotel. Finest, dining-room north of £a«
Francisco.
From San Francisco it costs only $8 for the
! round trip, and the hotel rates are 81 50 to $2 50
per day or $10 to $13 per week. Take the S. F.
: and N. P. Railway via Pieta, thence by a short d*>
lightful stage ride. J. CRAIG, Manager. .
San Francisco office. 31 Montgomery st.
YOUR VACATION!
Where Shall You Spend It ?
,Go "where monotony is impossible,
I where you may mingle with the light-
' hearted social throng, or bask in the sun«
shine by the surging sea, or stroll uncle?
, the shade of the majestic redwoods!
THE SEA BEACH HOTEL,
SANTA CRUZ, Cal.,
i Now under the proprietorship of MR,
! JOHN K. CIIACE, offers ail these oppor-
| tunities. It is the ideal health and pleas- '
I ure resort, nestling in a very bower of
loveliness. For further information ad-
dress J. R. CHACE, .
Proprietor Sea Beach Hotel.
DUNCAN SPRINGS HOTEL, .
Unpland , Alcndoclno County," < a!., ".
"\7K7"IXjIj OE*JE2TSr T\/£ A.-5"" 1
i rpillS NEW 3-STOKY, HARD- FINISHED HO-
I A tel is located 2 miles from Hopland station, on
the line of S. F. &N.P. R. R. The hotel is built
on a knoll, 250 feet above the vallay and 1000 feet
above sea-level. . There are several furnished cot-
i tages; also fine Electric and .Magnesia Baths.
Amusements: Billiards, LaVvn-Teunis, Croquet,
Phufllp-Bourds. Fine walks to Duncan Peak, 220U
1 feet. Beautiful view. -
O. HOWELL, Proprietor.
i Board, SIO to SI 2 Per Week. Free Bui.
j : .
SODA BAY HOTEL;
SODA BAY, SITUATED ON CLEAR LAKE,
is most picturesque. Soda Spring is famous for *
j the vast volume of delicious soda water which,'
j it throws out daily, amounting to over 1,000,000
! gallons. Hunting, tishlng, boatinz and. swimming -
are unsurpassed anywhere. A fine bar has just
; been opened. The table is supplied with tho very
i best the market affords, and the comfort and wel-
fare of ell ■ guests carefully looked • after. ■ Free
: camping grounds. ? A coach will connect with the-
daily stage from Pieta and Highland Springs,' ■
! Adams, Seigler, Blue Lakes and Saratoga. Fare ■
; from San Francisco, $5 50; roun! trip. $10. Spe-.
! cial rates for families. G. B. WYATT, proprietor,
! Soda Bay. K»-:seyvllle, Lake County, Cal.' . ' ' .
McNATH'S. . ' '■
IF YOU WANT TO HAVE A GOOD TIME
X the Coast Range Mountains hunting and fishing
visit A. B. 31cNath's. & F. and N. P. H. R. to
Ukiah, Bess vliill stage to Potter and McNath's
i stage to Hullville. Round trip ticket, . $1275.
; Glides and horses furnished campers. Thirty-five
I miles of fishing. P. 0.. nullville. Lake County, Cal*
Baja California
Damiana Bitters
Is a powerful aphrodisiac and specific tonic for ta«
sexual and urinary ; organs of both • sexes, and »
great, remedy for diseases of the kidneys and blad-
der. A great Restorative, Invlgoratorand Nervln*
Bells on - its own Merits— no lons-winded tB»U-
-monlals necessary. ~ ■-■■•' ■ ■'. ■: ,
NABJiR. AJLFS * BRINK, Agents, '
323 Alarket St., S. i'.-c-end for Circaiarj
1112
THE COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
" Sugar advanced.
Silver lower.
• Wheat dull but steady.
Barley futures firmer.
More demand for Oats.
Corn and Rye very dull.
Sharp fluctuations in Beans.
Hay steady.
' .Potatoes dull and weak. Onions lowt*
Butter weak. Cheese weaker.
>.:>;s sell well.
Vegetables steady.
• Poultry market in good shape.
• Lighter receipts of Strawberries.
■■ Provisions unchanged.
. "(Xial rather weak.
Canned salmon quiet. : "
Rnlslns c!e:ininc un.
explanation.
Th* arrow flies with the wind. The top flgnrat !
St station indicate maximum temperature for the
days; those underneath it, if any, the amount of i
rainfall, of melted snow in inches and hundredths. I
during the past twelve hours. Isobars, or solid !
lines, corner' points of equal air pressure; iso
therma, or .lotrei lines, equal temperature. The
w«r.! ■•hiKn " m"ans hich barometric pressure and
Is. usually accompanied by fair weather; "low"
rejers to low pressure, and is usually preceded and
accompanied by cloudy weather and rains. "Lows"
usually first appear on the Washington coast,
■ W ben the pressure is hiph in the interior and low
siong the coast, and the isobars extend north and
south alone; the coast, rain is probable: but when
the -low ;s inc:osedwuh isobars of marked curva
turf ruin s> uth of Oregon is improbable. With r.
nity of Idaho, and the pressure
falling to the' 'ulifornla coast, warmer weather may
bo expected in summer and colder weather in win
ter. The reverse of tnese conditions will product
au epiosite result.
AY i:\THKH 1U KKAU REPORT.
United States Department of Aqricui.-
TCRK, Weather Bureau, Sas Francisco,
April 1. :»:<(>. 5 p. m. Weather conditions and
- feeneral forecast :
Th>-. following lire the seasonal rainfalls to date
- as compared with those of the same date last
• season : Kureka 35.97. last MMM 38.09; Red
Blurt 16.59. last season 27.72: San Francisco
16.87, last season 23.*6; Fresno 5.37, last season
13.16; San Luis Obispo 15.41, las: season 24.90;
L<r* Angeles B B8 last season 15.45; San Diego
5.68, .last season 11.90; Yuma 0.88, last season
.301. •
The following maximum temperatures are re
ported from stations in California to-day: Kureka
64, Bed BluiT7o. San Francisco 66, Fresno 70,
Sun Luis Obispo 78,' Los Angeles 76, San Diego
74. 'Yuma 7:!.
.-an Francisco data— Maximum temperature 66,
minimum 48, mean 57.
:T-h.ere was no rainfall reported from stations in
• California to-day.
■ . The pressure is highest this evening over Mon
tana and is lowest in Southern California. It has
fallen considerably throughout Nevada, Idaho and
• Montana, but has commenced to rise slightly along
.the Oregon and Washington coast. The tempera
ture has risen from 10 to 15 degrees throughout
Nevada and Utah. 1: has remained near.y sta
tionary in California, and conditions are not fav
orable for any. marked changes In the immediate
I future. .
. Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty hours
ending midnight. April 2, 1886: -
Northern California— Fair Thursday: lieht. cen
trally northerly winds In the interior: brisk to
high northwesterly winds Thursday afternoon on
the northern coast. .< :., ■.•>.• •-..
.southern "California— Fair Thursday; fresh
northerly winds. : - ;
■■ ' Nevada— Fair Thursday.
Utah— Fair; warmer Thursday.
A rizona— Fair Thursday.
. San Francisco and vicinity— Fair Thursday;
brisk westerly winds in the afternoon.
W. H. HaMMon-,
.'•_ Local Forecast Official.
..-.„"'.. NKW YORK MARKETS,
Financial.
••NEW" YORK, N. V., April 1.-Operators at
the^tqc.k'Exchange were wafting all day for the
.action ol the directors of the American Tobacco
•Company on the dividend matter. For days it
..has been generally understood that the company
Intended 40 resume the payment of cash divi
dends. Kemeinlx'ring the star-chamber proceed
..inrgs of.the management last December, when the
.' fir-:t knowledge of the fact that the company had
passed from the divideiid-payin? list was received
..iJirouK-h. an obscure advertises! Nt, the street was
■tnclinedto hold off. It will His >be called to mind
thai the officials of the company were brought be
fore vhe governing committee of the Stock Ex
change, and it was a question for a time whether
Hue stock of the company would be permitted to
remain on the list.
"• Naturally pending an official statement, opera-'
tors were disposed to go slow. it was no; until the
.adjournment of the board that the street had any
lrt-a of the action of the directors. Shortly after 3
O'clock it was officially announced that the direc
tors had declared a dividend of 2 per cent cash on
the preferred, and '_' per cent cash and 20 In scrip
en the common. At the close the common was bid
for at 9.5 against 83%, the final transaction at the
Mock Exchange. It was figured that at Hie clos
ing price the stock with the new privilege is worth
. 1.10 on paper. The other industrials were strong
i'ir Sugar, Distillers, Leather preferred, General
■ ■Electric and Consolidated Gas. The railways were
• nlao strong, and better figures were recorded for
V) .<• Grangers, Louisville A Nashville and Manhat
" fan. • " • ' '
-- The -talk of gold exports was ignored, notwith
; standing ments that a commission-house in
l.«oaed forwarding $1,000,000 by .Saturday's
Steamers. The market at the Stock Exchange
closed quiet in tone. On the curb, however, there
was lively -trading in tobacco for fully two hours
•after the < lose of the. exchange. Net changes show
losses of V 8 to y g p«r cent for the railway list. The
Industrials, however, gained i /g to 1 per cent.
.. Total sales fooled up 114,390 shares.
• Jionds were active and strong. sales footed up
$1,994,000. Atchlson adjustment fours rose v a to
48S/«:' Kansas I'aciSc consolidated sixes, 2t074-
Kansas and Texaa seconds, 2 to 59 14; Northern
Pacific consols fives. 1 to4S: do certificates 1
to 48: St. Joseph End Grand Island sixes cert'ifi
• \cates. 1 to 47.
■ In Government bonds. $75,000 coupon fours of
.•1925 brought 116%. -
': ' Orain.
. FLOUR— DuII, barely steady. Winter wheat, low
grades, »2.i!5(&.2 85; do. fair to fancy, $2 Hitai'i 90
--«o, patent)), £3 9004 26; Minnesota clear, *•-' 70®
S7O:-do, straits. $3@3 60: patents, f3 85@4 20
--low extras, S2 25<£2 86: city < mills, *4 15®4 I>s
-do,-patent*, *4 i>o@4 45: rye mixtures, %'l 50®
3;iO: suj>er:ine, $'.'©2 50; line, * fl(a£. 30. South-
I •m flour, anl«it: common to fair extra. $2 40(qi3 >
good to choice. ff3(§,3 30. Itye flour, quiet, *265'
(S'~ it:,-, buckwheat flour, $1 zO@l 25 ■
• BUCKWHKAT—
- COKNM.EAL— Steady; yellow Western, *2 20
<&£ 25 1 Brandy wine, $2 20.
■- JiYK— Nominal: Western, 40 Vic.
•. j;-Ai:i.KV- Urm: ungraded Western, 39ffi45c
■ HAKLKY lIAI,T-Quiet; Western. 60r*5?c.
 WHKAT- null; firm with options. No. 2 red
-store ana elevator, 79 V4C: afloat, 80% c; f. o b.
- BU> 1 14 c ; ungraded red. 64 2 c. ' * *
• '■: tions .were dull, firm at i/t^Vgc advance fol-
Jowing the' West and on local covering, with only
•'a moderate scalping trade. May and July most
active. No. 2 red: April,- 70 1/2 C; May , " 703/,, c •
■ J-u-ne, July and September, 70c: August. 89% c*
. .December, 72c ■ ■ ° '
•_ « (.(H.n - Scarce, firm, dull. No. 2, -elevator
• 3HV2C afloat. ■ - .... '
• Options were firm and dull, at Vi»@ l advance
. .xyltnout feature.'- .May only traded in. Annl
35% c: May, 35W,c; July. 365/ B e.
VAT- — Stronger.
(Jptions— Dull, firmer. May, 24% c. Spot prices:
• No. 2," -i : : 4 c; No. Si white, 26c: No. -2 Chicago
20 : ! + c: No. 3, '^6c: No. 3 white, 26c: mixed
Western, 23<&2(5c; white do and white State,'
26(&>28c.
J-KKD-Bran. 6Ofai62i4«c
,* MIDDLINGS— «S'@7(>C.
. KYK- tied, 621 2 (g,65c. .
I'rovisious. .
 BEEF— SIow; unchanged. Beef hams inactive
-914.50(^15. Tierced beef, quiet; city extra
llidla racss.sls(als 50. Cut meats, slow, steady;
jiickled bellies; 12 pounds y 434 c: do shoulders'
a c: do hams, 8i/ 2 (S;t>c.
I.AIIU — Quiet, firmer. Western steam, C 5 35
(d.b.W: city. $4 95; May, $5 40. Reflned. quiet;
continent, *5 65; south American. *6 00; com
' l>ouud. •l. - i ,(a.4»4,c. ' . .
•iconic— steady, moderate demand; , mess, 88 75
@9CO. ■ . . '.-«'-' ■ ... ,
BUTTER— Moderate demand ::'Btate dairy, fl@
20c': do creamery, held. 13@18c; Western dairy, 10
-<gl4c; do creamery, 13®21c; do held, Ji!<&l8c; do
factory. S@lsc: Eljdns, 21c; Imitation creamery
UfgilXc: rolls. 10@12c. .
' C'HEESK— Fair jobbing demand,. State, large,
6(d310J.4c; do fancy, 10@10i.4c: do small, 6©10:»4c;
part skims, B@sc; full skims, 2@2%c.
EGGS — Fairly active. State and Penn
sylvania, Southern, 10y»@llc: Western, fresn,
liy 2 c; duck. 2f>@29c; goose, 90c.
TALLOW— Quiet: barely steady. City. 35fe@
3 11-16 c: country. 35/B@3S/4c.
I COTTONSEED OlL— Dull, weak. Crude. 21c bid:
yellow prime, 25% c: do off grades. 25y4@26%c.
RESIN— Firm, quiet. Strained common to good,
$1 75(i£177Us.
TURPENTINE— Firm; 28%@29c.
POTATOES— Easy. Sweets, SI 60@4 50.
RlCE— Fair demand: firm. Domestic, fair
to extra. 3(£s3ic: Japan, 4@4i4c.
■ MOLASSES— Firm." New Orleans open kettle,
good to choice, 27@87a
COFFEE— Steady: 5 to 2o points up. May. $12 60
@12 70: June, $12 15: July. $11 660] l TO; Aug
ust, $11 35; September, $10 95@11'05; Novem
ber, Slu 55; December. $10 4')@lO 50: January,
910 35: March, $10 3©@lo 35. Spot Rio, dull,
steady; No. 7, 133,4 c.
SUGAR— Raw, firm and quiet: fair refining:.
8% 4 c; centrifugals 96 test, 4 3-16 c. Refined, quiet
and firm; No. 6. 4 916 c; No. 7, 4»/ c:
No. 8, 4 7-16 c: No. 9. 4 5-1 6 c; No. 10, 4 5-16 c:
No. 11. 414 c: No. 12, 4 3-16 c: No. 13. 4l/ 8 c; oft
A, 45/ B @4 13-160: mold A. 5 7-i6e; standard A,
5 3-lbc: confectioners' A, 5 1-16 c: cut loaf and
crushed, 5 l."»-16c: powdered, 6 7-16 c; granulated,
5 3-lGc: cubes, 5 7-16:-.
I'ruit ami Produce.
CALIFORNIA FRUITS— Almonds — Soft-shell,
7iv>(p.g(-; do paper-shell. ll(8)12c.
APKICOTS— Bass, 8@12%a
PEACHES— PeeIed, 13y 2 ;£lsc; unpeeled, 4@
6V»c. ' " •:=■;:;.:•;■:
PRUNES— Four sires. 6@sy c.
RAlSlNS— Clusters. $1 25(&1 40: do London
layers, 75@85c: do three-crown . loose Muscatel,
33' B @3%c: do tour-crown, 4@6c.
WALNUTS— Standard, 2 @7c; do soft-shell,
6%@10c.
HOPS— Quiet. State common to choice, 2%<a
8c: Pacific Coast, 2 1 / 2 (3.8&'
WOOL— Firm; moderate demand; domestic
fleece, lt)@2i!c; pulled, 15@33c; Texas, 9@l2c.
'. Merchandiae.
PIO IRON— Steady, quiet; American, $11
@11 50. ..
COPPER— DuII. Lake. ,FlO 62" 2 ©lo 75.
LEAD— Quiet; domestic, $3 10.
TlN— Steady; straits, $13 35@13 46: plates
dull. .
BPELTEK-Quiet: domestic. S4 10@4 15.
CHICAGO MARKETS.
CHICAGO, 111., April I.— Wheat took on a little
more strength this morning than it possessed at
the close yesterday. In explanation of the better
feeling, firmer Liverpool cables, light Northwest
ern receipts, 257 cars, against 52- last week, 190 a
year ago, and some dry weather reports from Kan
sas were cited. There was moderately good selling
right at the opening and the full advance was not
retained permanently. Another rally took place,
however, when the New York clearances. 368.
--155 bushels, were posted. Outside business was
notable for its scarcity, while the volume of local
tracing was decidedly ordinary. Receipts at Chi
cago were 10 cars and 284.000 bushels were with
drawn from store. Total Atlantic seaboard clear
ances an ousted to 335.348 buslvels. The only
change in quotations in Continental markets was a
decline of % mark at Berlin. | May wheat opened
from tio. r \y(a6.V : c. sold between 633/gc and 63"
closing at D3-'i(a6S';/gc, spc higher than yesterday.
Estimated receipts lor to-morrow 12 cars.
CORN— Was a Dene fie of the merit of wheat
and prices under the influence of sympathy with
the finer grain, displayed a fair proportion of firm
ness. Business was. however, at a standstill, no
incident or event of unusual interest being noted.
Liverpool cables were quiet and firm. Receipts i
were 134 cars, 1:6 less than estimated. There i
were no withdrawals from store. Export clear- |
ances were 152,526 bushels. May corn opened at
29 % c, advanced to 2P."- g ! ; 4 c. where it closed,
14c higher than yesterday. Estimated receipts
for to-morrow 150 cars.
OATS— Had a quiet session, with prices ruling
steady to firm most of the time. The influence for
strength came ;rom the leadine train markets.
Receipts were 117 cars and 122,150 bushels were
withdrawn from store. May oats closed 3 8 c higher
than yesterday. Estimated receipts for to-morrow
100 cars.
LAX— Was easy. Cash, 88@88'4c: May. 86Ha
(&S7Vic: June, 87 Vic bid; September, 90@91Vic
Receipts were 12 cars.
• PROVISIONS— The tone of product was firmer
this morning, shorts covering a considerable
amount of the property sold yesterday. The
strength exhibited by grain was an inducement to
buyers. The hog market was lower, but that had I
little if any effect on product. May pork closed 25 !
@'i 7y 3 c higher, May lard 7%c higher and May
ribs io higher.
Closing Prices.
WHEAT— ApriI, 63c; May. 633,4@63%c; July,
64®G4i. B e.
CORN— April, 283i@2Sy c: May, 29%@2984c; i
July, 303ic
OATS— May, 19%@1984c; July, 20c: September,
201/4 C.
PORK— May. $8 60: July, $8 77l- 2 .
LARD— May, $5 12%: July, $5 27%.
RIBS— May, $4 67%; July, $4 771/2.
Livestock.
UNION STOCKYARDS, iLt., April I.— The run
of cattle to-day was light and prices recovered 10c
of the recent loss. The demand for choice stock
was good. Receipts of hogs were moderate and
prices held steady. The inquiry was good. Sheep
were steady with a moderate supply and a good
demand.
CATTLE — Receipts, 6500: fancy beeves.
$4 -Jo@+ 30: choice to prime, 1300 to 1700
pound steers. $4@v 15: good to choice steers,
1200 to 1600 pounds. $3 70@3 95; medium steers,
1000 to 1300 pounds. $3 56(0.3 65: common steers,
950 to 1300 pounds. $3 -_'5(a3 50; choice stockers
and feeders. $3 60@3 85: common to good
stockers. $2 75@3 40: bulls, choice to extra. 82 75®
3 25: bulls, poor to good, $2@2 70: cows and
heifers, extra. $3 50(^3 75; cows, fair to Choice,
$2 40@3 40: cows, poor to good canners. $1 50<S>
2 8.">: veal calves, good to choice, $4 25rai5 10;
calves, common to good, $3®4: Texas fed
steers. $2 85@3 75; Texas bulls, oxen and cows,
$2 25(0,3; milkers and springers, per head, $20
(6,40.
HOGS— Receipts, 23,000. ! Heavy packing ana
shipping lots. $3 65@3 75: common to choice
mixed. $3 65(0i3 90: choice assorted, $4(g,i 15;
light, $3 75^64; pigs, $3@4.
SHEEP— Receipts. 9000. Inferior to choice,
$2 75(^3 80; lambs, $3 H0f1,4 75.
..-;-;;.".,'■ ■. .
NEW YORK STOCKS.
Bonds, Exchange, Money and Railroad
Shares.
Money on call has been firm at 3@4y a y, last loan
at 31/3%, and closing offered at 3y 3 <. crime mer
cantile paper, 6^136%. Bar silver, 68i/ 8 c Mexi
can dollars. 54VSjc. Sterling exchange barely
steady, with actual business in banicem' bills at
$4 87'3/4@-i 88 for sixty days end $4 883/i(g,4 89
for demand. Posted rat»«, 54 Xi a, 1 90. Commer
cial bills, C 4 Somite* 87%. Government bonds
firm; State bonds dull; railroad oouaa strong. Sil
ver at the board was easier.
, ' OrOanM STOCK*. '
Am Tel <fc Cable.... 92 Norfolk A Wes-... 1%
Atchlson_ 15 7 Preferred......... 6s/ 8
Preferred 2 4 : '*| Northern Paclflo.. l 3/ 8
Adams Express.. .l 47 1 j Preferred.; 11: V 2
A lion, Haute. 54 Norm western. 10 8
American Express-llO'/i Preferred.. .......145y 2
American Tobacco. 8 9 ;< /* N. Y. Central 853.4
Preferred 102 N. Y. ChicagoAStL 13
Bay Stale Ga5...... 150 Vi . let preferred..... 76
'■ Baltimore & Ohio.. 17 '/v lid preferred. 31
Bninswicic Lands.. V 2 N. Y. A N. H. ....... 177
Buffalo, Roch <fc P. I^> N. V. & New Ens. 40
Canada Pacific... 541/2 N. Y. Susq & W... 8
O.nada Southern.. 4 8 =54) Preferred 2314
Canton Land Bo%ontarlo. 14
Central Pacific... 145/» Ontario & Western. l4i/ 8
Che*, A Ohio — l (i Oregon Improvmu 1
Chicago Alton 155 I Preferred. #>- . # —
Preierrea... 170 Oregon Navigation. 20
Chicago, B. & Q. ... 7 ' 6 /8 Orecon Short Lin*. 3%
Chicago dfcE. 111... IVi 1 Pacific Mall 2714
Preferred «7 (Peona, D.& Evans. 2y 2
Cbic*KOuas ....... 67i/ 3 Pittsburgh W pfd. 16
Cleve Pitts burn. | Pullman Palace... 153
Consolidation Coai. -*-0 quicksilver _ 2i/ 2
Consolidated Gas.. iy<-*A< Preferred. _ 15
C. C. U. & Su Louis. 361/4 Reading 1 1 1/ 8
Preferreu ..... Hi KioGraude 1(*
Colo. Fuel & Iron.. 18% ■• Preferred. 45
Preferred ..... 96 Rock Island .;.... 71%
Cotton Oil Cert 15 jitomeWat&Ogdenll4%
Commercial Cable. 155 St. L. &S. W 4 -v t
Del. Hudson .126y 2 Preferred.... ■ ll'
Del.Lack<tWesternl6oy 2 8t.Pau1...... ...... 75 ■
Denver &H. U^.... 12', 4 Preferred.... 125%
Preferred. , 4tt 3 /* Bt. Paul A; Duluto. 26
DlßtUiers 181/8 Preferred......... >-9
General Electric... 37 Vx St. Paul <& Omaha. 3.v/ H
Erie.'..;.. .......... 141/2 Preferred... .122%
Preferred 3-<V 4 St. p. ju. & M. 109
Fort Wayne....... 160 Silver Ceruncates.. 68*4
G reat Northern of d. 108 > Southern Pacific. 19
Green 8ay... ....... -%bomnern A. H..... 914
Har1em....... ...... 290 ) Preferred ....... 291/4
Hockine C0a1...... '-% bugar Refinery. ... ll7'/2
Hocking Valley... l'H* Preferred 100-i/*
Homestalce: 30 Term. Coal & Iron. 2«
11. & Texas Cent.. '■£'/» Preferred...-. 100
Illinois Central.... 9> iTexaa Pacific "3/s
low* Central. 91,41T01.A.A.AN.M.ic1i.-^
Preferred »7 1 01. & Ohio Cen.... 30
Kansas & Texas.— ■ 11%' Preferred......... 70
Preferred......... 26 jiol.St.Loula&K.a 5
Kingston & Pern... 3 I Preferred 10
Lake Erie & Wesin 17 V, Union Pacific...... 71/2
Preferred 69% L P.. Den. & Unit. 3y 3
Lace 5h0re.. ...... 146 0 .S. Cordage 5' .
National Lead 2:?i,4' Preferred......... 93,4
Preferred 861^ Guaranteed —19
Long Island 81 U. S. Express.. .... 43 '
Louisville A Nash. 60 ! U.S. Leather. ..... 9
Louisville NaA Cn. 884! Preferred 61 »4
Preferred......... 20 U. S. Ruober.. 26y a
Manhattan Consoi.lOSiA Preferred....;..;. ■": 85
UempmsACbarU. 15 - L'tlca AB. River.. 150
Mexican Central... IQKU Wab. S. L. & Pao.. 6%
Michigan Central.. 93 *| Preferred 17%
Minn A 5.1.......; • ;\v'ells-Far»to. .-.;.... 100 '
Preferred. Western Union.... 84%
Minn. A St. 1. com. 19% ! W15 Centra1. ....... 2%
lit preferred 79 V* Wheeling & L. £!..' 9%
preferred 52 , Preferred. ........ 32
Missouri Pacific.. 24 ; Am Cotton Oil Dfd. 6'JV2
Mobile* 0hi0..... '22 ,W U 8eef..... 73 /4
Nashville Chatt.... 68 Ann Arb0r......... 934
National Linseed.. 18 Preferred......... 264
N.J. Central. ...... 104 '• Brooklyn Traction. 20%
North American... sVii
. CT-OMKU BOND*. .
V 6 4s. reeJ..... ...1U85/ B 'M X T Ms. . 0914
Do, c0up0n.. .109%! Do, ..;."..;. .85i/~
V B new reg lie ' Mutual Union da... 113: ',
Do, 4« coupon... lltfv»N J Cent Gen 6s. IIS
Da 25............ 95 ,Nortberu Pac lats.lls-'U
Do, 65...; ...ll3Vgl Do. 2d»... ........ lUi>&£
Do. bs couoon.... llsi-J Do. »fls. — • ■ 78 i'Z
Cherokee 4s. 1896. 1U0 Norm west" Conso'lc 1381/1
Do. 1897 .....100 ' Do, deb 6b...... 108
Do. 1898-....;... 100 OR A N l/u 110
I*>. 1899....... 100 BlLAlroaMtQtnai 77%
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, APRIL 2, 18U6.
Pacific fla 0f '95.... — - 6t L & 8 F a«n c«. 106
D. C. 8-8 5a 109^4* Bt Paul Consols .. .1381,4
Ala Class A 4 107 St. P. C. APa JsW.ll&y 4
Do, Claas 84, ss. 107 ] Do, Pac Cal ista-110 ,
La C0n50i45.. ......; 97 Southern K. H. ss. 91s/ 8
Missouri funding. .—— | Texan Pacific flrata HBs/«
X Carolina con 65.. 11 9y a Texas Pac seconds. 39*2
■Do, «a ..V...103. iniouPac lstof'9tf. 103»<-«
Po Carolina 4%5...106 - West Shore 4«.....105i/ 2
lennnew »s.. 85 Mobile A Ohio 4a.. 65i
>« funding deot... 61 r GranaeWest Ist* 75
Do. rtg..r. — ; Ches* O 6a.. 108
A>o. deferred 6«... 6 JAtchison 4a.. 79
■Uo. trust rcDta at « f Do, 2ds A.._ 26%
Canada South aos.. iO4y 2 OHAB A6a . 105
Cen Pac lstaof '9s 102 I Do. 2d 7s. 100
DenAßoiat 114 jH&Tex Cent 108
T %°-* • ■■88 Do.con6a 107%
£>"le2d« i— ; 65 Vfc; Reading 4a 78
Kansas i Pa Consols 74 Missouri ....... 100 ■
*«• ±*» lav ben divlO9 I
FOREIGN MARKETS.
WHEAT IN LIVKRPOOL.
LIVERPOOL, Esq., April The spot market
Is steady at 6s 6d. Cargoes dull at 27s 6d ar
rived.
FUTURES.
* The Produce Exchange cable Rives the following
Liverpool quotations for No. 2 Red Winter: April.
es sd; May. 5s 6%d; June, 6s 63, id; July, 6b 5S/ 4 d;
August, 6s 6d.
SECURITIES.
LONDON, Eng.. April I.— Consols, 109 13-16;
silver, 81% d; French Rentes, lOlf 40c.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — f 4 88
Sterling Exchange, sight.... — 4 Bt»% |
sterling Cables ;... ... _. 4 90'
New York Exchange, sight...... — 05
New York Exchange, telegraphic — ' 07y 3
tine Silver, $ ounce — ti&vi
Mexican Dollars 55% , 66
CUSTOMS COLLECTIONS.
Custom-house collections in March were $457,
--750, against $ 593,600 In March, 1895. For the first
three months of the year they were $1,458,142,
against $1,461,200 for.the same time in 1895.
STOCKS OF GRAIN.
Produce Exchange Grain Inspector Abel reports
stocks of Grain In Call Board warehouses April
1 .is follows, In tons: '■ ■ : ■ ■ »
-WHEAT —
I Port Costa. I Stockton. I City.
March 1.. 60.637 I 41,720 2,425 '
April 1 49,626 | 34,197 2,148
j Barley. ■ Oats. 1 Corn. I Bran.
March 1 3.255 6,696 1,4H7 118
April 1 2,977 4,863 1,828 49
The receipts in March were 10,413 tons Barley,
1278 do Oats, 1395 do Corn and 2606 do Bran.
CANNED AND DRIED FRUITS AND
SALMON.
The Cutting Packing; Company's circular says:
SALMON— Transactions in spot goods are of ex
tremely meager character; considerable doing in
futures of Alaska • and some small booking of
Columbia River at a shade less for the latter than
last year's prices on account of an anticipated
lower price for raw fish, as the packers are making
a stand to resist the extreme demands of the
I fishermen, claiming that they cannot pack to any
profit at the high prices of last year and compete
with the lower-priced fish of British Columbia ami
Alaska. The result of these efforts is not yet
known. The Alaska Packers' Association has not
yet given any intimation of what prices it will put j
upon the various grades. From the preparations
being made In all directions it is' safe to predict a
large pack, especially In low-grade fish, which finds I
I favor on account of its cheapness in the United j
States trade, particularly in the Southern and 1
Southwestern States.
CANNED FRUITS— After discounting all re
ports from the sections affected by frost early in
j March we find that the almond crop as a whole,
apricots and peaches partially, and cherries in a
still less degree, arc-severely Injured north of the
latitude of Maryaville and in a few localities south
of that line. Otherwise the crop throughout the
Stale of all varieties is one of the largest and best
quality ever known. ■ This is very satisfactory and
gratifying after the great scare naturally following !
the heavy frost and unusual snow. The weather !
during the post two weeks has been exceptionally j
warm, and there is still a chance for more frost,
which would do even more damage than thai oc
curring before, on account of the trees being in a
still more forward condition. This, however, Is |
hardly probable. There is absolutely no trade ex- |
I cept a light jobbing one from the Territories. | Now
I and then inquiries are made for a car. but usually |
1 for a much smaller quantity. So far no values or
prices apparently have been made or even consid
ered by grower or packer.
There Is a species of fight going on in future of
peas and tomatoes, but little if any actual trade is '
resulting therefrom. Spot tomatoes are still dull 1
at 70<a.7Ui 2 e for 2% lbs. and $1 90 for gallons.
! Quotations are out for future asparagus, which is
about two weeks earlier than usual.
DRIED FRUITS— is but little change in
the situation since our last circular: the demand
has been light on all varieties, and such sales as
have ■ been made have been In hand to mouth
quantities.
Prunes— Are firm, yet there is little demand,
no Interest is manifest in a carload way, and the 4
sizes quotable at 3%c go a-begging.
Peaches— Of choice and prime quality are in
good supply, but fancy stock Is scarce. The princi
pal inquiry comes for raisins. Stocks on the coast
are fast being cleaned up, and there is now every
indication of an advance in values.
PEODUOE MAEKET.
"WHEAT AND OIHEE GRAINS.
WHEAT— The Seafarer takes for Cork 76,769
ctls, valued at 982,500.
. Exports from this port In March were 616,905
ctls, valued at $591,077, making total exports thus
far this crop year of 8,738,352 ctls, valued at
$9,003,677.
The market is steadier, but dull. No. 1, $1 07^;
choice, $1 OBS4@l 10: lower grades, $l@l 06; ex
tra choice for milling, 91 16@1 20.
CALL 11OAKII BALKS.
Informal Session — 10 o'clock — December— 6oo
tons. ?1 07V4: 100, $1 07V 8 .
Keofi.ar Morning Session— December—
tons, $1 071/j: 200, $1 075/ 8 ; 1500, $1 O7»4; 1000,
Si 07%; 300, SI 08. May— '2oo, $1 07y 8 ; 700,
si 07i/ 2 : 100, *i 07%. /». w,
Afternoon BxasiOM — December— 3oo tons.
$1 08i/ : 1300. $1 08V*- May- 100, $1 0734.
BARLEY— Futures were firmer, but spot prices
showed no change. Feed, 67y»@70c ft ctl; choice,
7114 c #ctl; Brewing, 80@85c.
CALL HOARD SAI.K3.
' Informal Session— lo o'clock— December— 100
tons, 71c: 100, 71y
Keoi'i.ar Morning Skssion— December— 200
tons, 7iy 2 c; 100, 71% c; '200, 7 184 c; 100, 71% c.
Afternoon Session — December — 300 tons.
72c; 200, 71% c. " •
■ OATS— The demand seems to be improving, but
the market is not active. Milling are quotable at
75@82y 4 c ■ ft ctl; fancy Feed, 82Vi@85c: good
to choice, 75@80c; common to fair, 67Vb(gt72V2C;
Gray. 71Vg@80c: Red, nominal; Black, nominal-
Surprise, 90(g.«5c ft ctl.
CO — Large Yellow, 90c; Small Round do, $1-
White. 80@86c ft ctl. * '
RYE-77y @80c 1* ctl. "
BUCKWHEAT— BS@96c ft ctl.
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFS.
FLOUR— N«>t cash prices are as follows: Family
extras, *3 76@3 86: Bakers' extras,' $3 55@3 65;
superfine, $2 75 (g>3 ft bbl.
(HKNMEAI,, ETC. — Feed Corn, $20@20 60;
Cracked Corn, $21 %* ton.
■ M I LLXTUFFS— Prices In 10-lb sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham Flour
2«iC; -Kye Flour, 3i/4c; Rice Flour, 7 Vic; Corn
-1:1' ill. 2^4@3c; extra cream do, 3Vac: Oatmeal,
3S4 C : Oat (iroats, 4Vic; Hominy, 4(6i4Vjc; Buck
wheat Flour, 4c; Cracked Wheat, SVac; Farina,
41 2 c; whole Wheat Flour, 3c: itollea Oats, 4y 3 c : '
Peart Barley, 4y a c; Split Peas, i s Ac; Green do,
sVic ii Ib. . . , /;
HAY AND FEEDSTUFFS.
BRAN-sl2 60@13 ?» ton.
, MIDDLINGS— *I6@I7 '# ton for lower grades
ana $17 60@18 60 $ ton for the best.
FEEDSTUFFS — Rolled Barley, $16@16 50-
Oilcake Meal at the mill, $21 ton: jobbing,'
$21 60; Cottonseed Oilcake, nominal— none h-re.
5 HAY— Is steady, owing to the recent dry north
winds. Wheat, ?B@ll 50: Oat, $B@9: Wheat and
Oat.88@ll; Barley, «7@9: Alfalfa. 87@9: Clover
? 6(g)8 60; Compressed, *7<g>lo 60; Stock, $6@7 a
ton.
1 STRAW— 3S@SSc f> bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
BEANS— Prices show considerable change. Col
ored are much lower. Butters are higher. Whites
also show some fluctuations. - Bavos, $l@i 12Vfe Vi
ctl: •small: Whites, $1 26®1 46 * ctl; Pea. »i 30
@1 60 ctl: Large Whites, $101 10 $ ctl: Pink.
90c@*l 12^: Reds. $1 26; Blackeye, nominal-
Red Kidney, $1 76; Llmas, $2 46@2 60; Butters'
$1 li<)rn 1 70. ' : .
• SEE"DS— Brown Mustard Is quotable at 81 60®
9 '26 %*ctl: Trieste. «2®2 60; Yellow Mustard,
$1 40(101 50; Flax, $1 70^1 80; Canary, 'HA ft ft'-
Alfalfa. 7y a @9y a c . * Rape, 2i/ a c V lb; tlempi
tjyjc %* n>.
.-■ DRIED PEAS-SI 25@1 40 » ctl for NUes
and $1 26@1 45 for Green. .
POTATOES, ONIONS, VEGETABLES.
POTATOES— New Potatoes, l@2c 1R Ib; Merced
Sweets, $2 76* ctl; River Burbanks. 30®>40c « sk-
Oregon Burbanks. 2R@6oc: Oregon Garnet Chiles'
60@75c; Early Rose, 3O@tOc; Petalumas and
Toniales, 80@45c ft sack. : , .
:. ONIONS— Have apain declined.' Good to choice
60@65c ft ctl; Cut Onions, 25@40c; Oregon. 60®
tsc r* Ctl. v. • ■ ■ .:.-•.- . •
. 'VEGETABLES— Arrivals were 658 boxes As
paragus ana 705 boxes Rhubarb and 435 sacKs
Peas. ' * :■•■ • -i ■: -.■ -<
""Prices showed little change. -•-'.■! : ■■
- Egg ; Plant from : Los Angeles 15c » Ib; Mexi
can Tomatoes, $1 60@l 75 V box; Los Angeles
Tomatoes, $1 60@2 ft box; Cucumbers, 60cffi$l
£doz: Asparagus, $I@2 ft box for ordinary and
92 25@2 DO for, extra: Rhubarb. 40@85c; Mush
rooms, Jo@l 5c ft f Ib; Dried Peppers, 10@12V»c-
Green Peas, 1 1/,@2 V-tc ft tb: String Beans, {J@?3c i
Dried Okra, Vi*fyc; Cabbage. :-s(a>4oc ft ctl; Garlic,
I 4@6c t 11-: Marrowfat Squash, $80 ft ton.
POULTRY AND GAME.
POULTRY— A car of Eastern sold ' at 17c for
Turkeys, *5 60 for Ducks, *1 60 ' or Geese, $6®
6 60 for Hens, . $B@9 for young Roosters, »6 for
old Roosten and SO for Broilers, i- -
- Local receipts are ' moderate : and ' the market la
firm. Young stock is scarce and still higher. 'No
; more dressed Turkeys coming in. '■■ • - '
_ Live Turkeys are quotable at, 16@17c * Ib for
Gobblers. 16®17c ■& ft, for Hens; Geese, V
; pair. $1 60@2; Ducks, $4 50® 5 50 for old and
i ! 87 50@8 60 foryoung; Hens, $4 50@5 60: Roosters
young, $7 50@8 50; do. old. $4 60@5: Fryers. $« 80
: ft* 1 : Broilers, $5 60@6 for large and $3@4 60 for
small; Pigeons, $1 75@2 for young and 81 23®
, 175 for old. . : >;:> . <■. ■■ •-.'. ■■-.-"
GAME-Hare, 75c@$l doz; Rabbits, $1 25 for
Cottontails and $1 %i doz lor small. .
BUTTER, CHEESE AND EGOS.
BUTTER— Continues weak and In heavy sup
ply. - :. r ',\~'n .
Creamery — Fancy, 1 Be: seconds, 2 @i6c
V> E>. -..>.. . . ' ■ ■ ■ -.*-,- '- ■
. Dairy— Fancy, 14c 'g Ib: good to choice, 13®
18Vi;c; lower grades, 12@12%c.
. v : Eastkrn— Nominal. • ■
CHEESE— Receipts are larger and the market Is
rather lower. Fancy mild new. 10@10%c * lb;
common to g00d,9%c; Cream Cheddar, 12@12y 2 c:
Young America, lie; Western, 12@12y s c; Eastf
ern,l3@l4c - .
m EGGS— The demand is good and prices are rather
firm than otherwise. Store Eggß, 10y 3 @llc; ranch
■Kggs, ll@l2y a c; Duck Eggs, 15c «* dozen.
DECIDUOUS AM) CITRUS FRUITS.
APPLES— SI@I 25 box for good to choice, 60
@85c for common to fair, and $1 50@2 for fancy.
BERRIES — Receipts; of Strawberries were 9
chests," selling at 76@90c 1* drawer for Ixtnsworths j
and 15@50c for large berries. The latter continue j
| sandy and dirty and do not find favor. . ,
CITRUS FRGITS — Oranges are quotable"- at ;
i $I@l 50 f^ box for Seedlings, $1 60(^2 75 for |
Navels and $1 60@2 50 for Malta Bloods; Lemons,
$ 1 iVjil ; 50 i for common • and $'J@2 60 for good 'to
choice; Mexican Limes. $5 50(a6 $ box: Bananas,
$1 25@2 50 %> bunch; Pineapples. $2©6 %5 dozen.
DRIED FRUITS, RAISINS, NUTS.ETC.
DRIED FRUITS— The following nominal prices
rule on the Fruit Exchange: '■■<... ':','.'
- Carload Lots— Apples, 1%@2%c1S ft for quar
tered, 2@3c ?* lb for sliced and 4i/ 4 c i* Ib for
evaporated: Peaches, 3%@4c tjfi lb and 6%@6c for
fancy; ueeled in boxes, 12c; Apricots 7%@sy 3 c
for Drime to choice. 9V ? c for fancy and 10(^llc
V tt> for fancy Moorpark; Figs, black. 2%c for un
pressed; White Figs, 4@sc in sacks: Pears. 7c •?»
lb for evaporated halves, 4@6y 2 c ii lb for quarters:
Prunes. 33 /4 @4c: Plums, 4c %4 lb for pitted and
!%@2%cfor unpitted; Nectarines, 6@6c %»• lb for
prime to choice and 6V'>c for fancy.
Jobbing Pricks— Evaporated Apples,. 4@4y 2 c
Ib; sun-dried, li/ 2 (*2c %1 lb: Peaches, 3@4c
¥ n. and 6c * Ib for fancy; peeled In boxes. 10
@12y 2 c: Prunes, 4c for the four sizes, 6c for 40@50's
and 6c for 50®60's: Apricots, 6@9%c for prime to
choice, 10@llc for fancy Moorpark: Figs, black,
2i/i@23 c: White Figs. S@sc : Pears, 6y 2 c for
evaporated halves and 3@5%c lor quarters;
Plums. 3y a @4c for pitted and l<§Uy 2 c for unpit
ted ; Nectarines. 4@sc ~j> Ib for prime to choice.
RAISINS AND DRIED GRAPES— Prices are
as lows, carload lots. f. o. b. San Francisco:
London layers, 85(a>90c $ box; four-crown, loose,
S3,ic iS Ib; three-crown, loose, 214 c Ib; two
crown, 2c; seedless Sultanas, 33 / 4@4c: seedless I
Muscatels. 2y 2 @2»yic; three-crown London layers. !
75@90c; clusters, $1 35@1 60: Dehesa clusters, i
$2 10ra2 25; Imperial clusters, *2 60@2 75; Dried
I Grapes, 2 Vie lb.
Jobbinr Prices — Four-crown loose, 3c; 3-
I < own, 2i, 4 4 / 4 J c: 2-erown, \»/ Cat'2c- Seedless
1 tanns, 334^40; Seedless Muscatels, 2 c; 3-crown
London layers, 76@P0c: clusters, «1 40@l 50:
j Deh<sa clusters, $2 25; Imperial clusters, $2 76;
I Dried Grapes, 2c.
NUTS— Chestnuts are quotable at 6@Bc lb;
j Walnuts. B®loc for No. 1 hard and 10(a)12cfor pa-
I per. ioDbine lots; Almonds, 6@"i/jjc for'Languedoc ;
and /2 @loc for paper-shell, jobbing; Peanuts, 5@ ;
6c for Eastern and 3%®4%c for California: HiciT
ory Nuta,6@6c ; Pecans, 6c lor rough and 8; for pol- '■
ished; F,lberts. B@9c; Brazil Nuts, 7y 2 @Bc^lb: I
Cocoanuts. $4 50@5 ji 100.
HONEY— Comb is quotable at 10@12c fl lb for j
I bright and B@9c ib for lower grades; water- i
white extracted, 6@5%c "^ lb; light amber ex
- tracted, 4i,ito43 ic;dark amber, 4c; dark, 2@Bc.
BEESWAX- V, lb.
PROVISIONS.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, 6c i* Ib for heavy, 7c I
%» tt. for light medium, 9c ?! Ib for light, 10c for j
extra light and 12c $ tt> for aiT^ar-cured ; Eastern i
Sugar-cured Hams, liy 2 c; California ; Hams.
} 10c « tb: Mess Boef, $8 f* bbl: extra mess do,
! $8 50; family do. $10; extra prime Pork, $9^ bbl: i
I extra clear, *14 ft bbl: mesa, $13 %* bbl; Smoked '<
I Beef. 10c $» to- .
LARD— Eastern, tierces, is quotable at I 6%c *gl ■
1 Ib for compound and 8c for pure; palls, B%c; Call- j
fornia tierces. 6c for compound and 6VOC for pure;
half-bbls, 714 c; 10-lb tins, 8c; do 5-tb, B"i.4c "# lb.
COTTOLENE— 8 c In tierces and 73yic '# tt> in 1
I 10- tins.
HIDES, TALLOW, WOOL, AND HOPS, i
HIDKS AND SKlNS— Heavy salted steers, 7c; *
culls and brands. 6c: medium. 5i/ 2 ,'a)6c: culls and j
j brands, 4y a @sc; light, sc: culls and brands. 4c; I
Cowhides. 5c "t* It,: culls and brands, 4c; salted
Kip. sc^ib: salted Calf, 8c %> tb: salted Veal,
«c; dry Hides, jO<S>llc; culls and brands 7Vic;
ary Kin ana Veal, 9c: culls. 6 1 A(ffl7c; dry Calf, '.
lbc; culls, 10c; Goatskins, ?O(S35c each: Kids, sc; I
Deerskins, good summer. 26(g,30c; medium, 15® \
26c; winter, 10c; sheepskins, shearlings, 10®
15c each; short wool, 20@36c each; medium, 40 ,
@50c each : long wool, 65c each. Culls of all kinds
about %c less.
TALLOW— No. 1, rendered, By><»4o-, No. 2, 3c;
refined, 6y @53 / ic: Grease. 2%c '? ft.
We quote Fall as follows: Eastern Oregon, 9@
lie 1* lb; San Joaquin and Southern, 3(g.6c; Ne
vada. 9c. . ■
Nominal quotations are 2^.4c f. lb.
GENERAL. MERCHANDISE.
Calcutta Grain Bags, June-July delivery,
$4 25; San Quentin. $4 20: Wool Bags, 24@2Ha
COAL — A circular for Australia says: "There
will be fully due to arrive here prior to June 1
about 3H.000 tons Australian, and there is in all
about 100,000 tons Coal capacity chartered for
here, of which over; one-half will be loaded in the
next three months. Values have declined fully 6%
j during March and several cargoes have changed i
i hands, and for late loading there are more offerings i
1 than can find buyers. . There is now a very small |
j quantity of Wallsend on hand, hence this grade Is j
In demand at full figures. Recent cables from
Newcastle. N. 8. 1 W., report every Indication of a
general strike among the Coal miners in that sec
tion.. If the colliery proprietors do not accede to
the miners' demands within a few days there will
he a general -tie-up' this mouth. The operatives
have selected a most opportune time to carry their
point, as Newcastle harbor Is full of vessels seek- j
Ing cargoes and delay will prove very costly to j
1 j shipowners." Wellington, $8 %4 ton: New Welling
! ton. $8 ■£ ton; Southfleld Wellington, $7 50 "*
1 ton; Seattle, $5@5 50: Brvant. *5 50: Coos Bay i
1 *4 50; Wallsend, $6 50: Scotch. $7 50: Brymbo,
$7 50; Cumberland, $13 50 in bulk and $15 In sks;
Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $13: Welsh An- '
I thracite Egg, . ; Cannel, $8: Rock Springs, 1
Castle Gate and Pleasant Valley, $7 60; Coke, j
1 $30 50 in bulk and 812 60 H ton in sacks. ,
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refinery Company j
has advanced its prices and now quotes. as fol- j
lows, terms net cash: Cube, Crushed, Powdered
and Fine Crushed, all 6V4c; Dry Granulated, 56/ 8 c;
, Confectioners' A, 5%c; Magnolia A, sc; Extra
C, 4%c: Golden C, 434 c: half-barrels, %c more
than barrels, and boxes i- 2 c more. - ■ : .
SYRUP-Goiaen, In bbls, 15c; Black Strap, 10c
* gal. ■;;;„'.;■ . _ •,. ;~; "\V ■■ ■•
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
Wholesale rates for dressed stock from slaugh
terers are as follows:
BEEF— First quality, 6V 2 o; second quality,
4V 2 (g.5c: third do, 3y 2 @4c # Ib.
VKAL— Large, s@6c; small, 6@7c $ Ib. .
MUTTON— Wethers, 6@6%c; Ewes, Be $ ft.
LAMB— Spring Lamb, 7@7%c %* lb.
PORK— Live Hogs, 3i/2(e64c H* Ib for large and
4 Vic for small; dressed do. 434@6%c * lb.
RECEIPTS OF INTERIOR PRODUCE
; • FOR 24 hours.
Floor, qr. 8k5...... ' 2,97B! Butter, ctls 484
Wheat, etls... 67,693iCheese. Ctls.. 320
■ Barley, ctls 360|Eggs. d0z.......... 18,330
Oats. Or, ct15...... ■■: 255 Quicksilver, flaset 29)S
Beans, 5k5......... 1,000 Leather. rolls.. .... 88
C0rn, ct15.......... I,l lsl Hides, n0.... 1,239
Potatoes. «1c»....... 712 Pelts, Ddls.._ - T :- 90
Onions. ek». ....... 34 Wool, bis.. 391
Hay, tons. 429 Wine, gals... 20,500
Straw, tons 16 Brandy, ga15....... 700
Br»n. «*« .......^ 3,74o ! Raisins. bxa.. 78>)
Middlings, 51c5..... 605 ; Lime, bbls.. ;.' 120
THE STOCK MARKET.
Whatever changes there were yesterday were
toward better prices, though the advance was very
small. There was some activity In Unjon, which
sold up to 66c' '
Caledonia is assessed Be", il ■'■: v v
The Spring Valley Water Company, San ; Jose
Water Company, and. Pacific Gas 'Improvement
Company will ail pay monthly dividends -of 60c
per share on April 10. ■■''- . .
The Napa Con., Quicksilver Mining Company
paid a quarterly dividend of lOctper share, or
$ 10,000. yesterday.  s: ; ,
The sales on regular call at the :. San Francisco
Stock Board for the first three months of the year
were 726,310 shares, against 737,546 during the
same time in 1895. ■ • - • • ■.. -■■ ■■ ■
BOARD SALES. I '.
Follow! were the sales ' in th« San ' Francisco
Biock Board yesterday. •■'. " 1 : :. '. . " , '
BK<SITI,AR MORNING SESSION COKMENCINO 9:30.
600 Alta. 16 500 . .1.60*00 Occidtl 85
•200 8e1cher... 22 900 Crwn Pt. .42 200 .. . 84
7?0 B <fc 8.... 63 860 KurekaD.6o 100 Savage. ".V. 8 3
1100 Bullion. . 06)200 G<fcC...:..28 100 84
100 Ca10da....06 100 ....1.20 300 S NevV. .'.66
300 Chollar....4s|3ooOvrmn... .13100 Uni0n. ...82
AFTKRN'OON SESSION— 2:3O.: .-. ' ' , '
200 AlDha -- 09 100 Cha11ng... 27.300 Occid .. 87
i°" Alta :..1H 650 CC&V.. 1.661200 0phir...1.20
6008e1cner...22 20 '......^..1.00 100 Savage 35
200 B A js. ... 65 ! 200 C Point... 431100 S Nev . 67
Jnn o ,^" 011 " 06 ' 200 °* C 28,400 Union, .'.'.be
500Ca1eda.....05i200 Mexican.. 66,3oo .....;.;:. 66
Following were me sales in the Partita atook
Board yesterday:. : . : .
KKiiii.Aß session— 10:30. ' .'■;,
300 Alpha.... 08*200 Iszcnqr:.. o4.2oo 0vrmn....13
300 A1ta....... 15400 G & C.. 28 600 ....... 7. 14
4U " Andes 33 150 HAN 1.17%'»00 Potosl 40
jiO Belcher... 22 500 Julia.... 06 600 Savage.. 34
2°.°, ••••• 23:30 ° Justice.. ..o9.looo ScorplonO4
MOO 8&8.......64J-200 Kentuck..()s 300 B<t M. 07
4 °W ......tiftlsOO L\Vash.:.os!4Uo S N«v.. - 6B
250 Ca1eda.... 08 ! 300 Mexicau..s2 900 ::..;.....- .67
200 Lhallt) ...29J00 ....:. 53 100 r » .. ' 6S
200Ch0nar....45 600 ...... 600 Union (5"
••■•••; 46 2000cc1d.....84 800 ■;;........ ; 65
"PC, C S 300 ...87800 ..:..: H .66
2fln^° n f" :: "S? 800 ;..... ....r.BB 1200 Utah. ...08
600 Cro !n°PT43 4 °° ° Plllr 1 *. 17 > 40 ° V J|W * " 3B
' - •'; * ' AFTERNOON, BKSSIOIT— 2:3O.
200 Alpha;..'.. 500 CC<fcV...1.%1200 Occd 89
HOO Alta 15 2450 ....... 1.65 400. ........ 90
200 Andes S3 200 O Imp ...01 800 0pb.ir1.17%
100 :...........32a00C P01nt....4i5100 ..'. 1.20
, 900 8e1cher.... 23 600 G& C .29 200 Potosi. . 40
400 22*100 1.17%!300 Savage... .34
.860 B& 8...:.«5450...........1,20|1200 B & 51.07
200 ."7. ..J..:....64 200 Justice... .o9:l2oo H Nev...67
10080d1e.....27 300 Kentck....Os 1400l 400 ...........66
100 8u1wer..:.44 300 Mexican.. s3 Boo Union ....66.
800 Ctt1ed..... .061200 .:....... 64600 64
SOO ChallnKe..29 200 ............52 800 ...63
200 Ch011ar....46100 Mono. ll;ll>00 Utah. ...08
160 Conn .....96 300 Ovrmn.... 14400 V Jacket. .3B
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
WEDNESDAY, April 1-4 P. v .
■ •■•..• ■-. • " .-. £,e.Alkt(l.\ : Bid.Aiked.
Alpha C0n..... 08 09 Jack50n... ..... 40 —
Alt*.;;.; . • 15 16Jnlia . 06 07
Andes 32 33 Justice .... — 10
Belcher 21 23 KentucK. ...... — 05
Best A Belcher. 63 64! Lady Wash.... — 05
Bodle ....... 25 27 Mencui 64 55
8u11i0n.. .«..«. 05 07 Mono ...... 10 —
Bulwer „ — 43 Nevada Uneeo. — 05
Caledonia...... — 06 Occidental 87 88
Challenge Con. 27 28!Ophir... i. 15 1.20
Chollar ....... 46 47 i Overman ....„ 13 14
Con. Cal. Va. 1.60 1.65 Voiosv ......... 39 40
Con. imperial. 01 02 tavrre ........ 34 35
Confidence... „■ 88 90 6**. Belcher... 06 07 I
Con.N«w Yore %08 04' Sierra Nevada. 64 66 I
Crown Point... 42 43 5c0rpi0n....... 03 05 '
: KnstSierra>ie» — 04 Silver Hill .. 01 02 I
| Exchequer..... 04 05'6yudicaie...... — :02 !
i Eureka C0n.... — 26;UnionCon 63 64
, Uould 4 Curry. 27 28 Utah..... 08 09
bale dc^iorcrj. 1.16 1.20; Yellow Jaclcat. 37 38
. GOLD MINING EXCHANGE.
200 Amalle 2 10 Kennedy
200 2 05 Bid.. 13 00
700  2 00 Asked ....15 00
Champion Providence
8id.......... 14 00 8id...... 55 00
300 Grant ....... 33 Asked.. ......75 00
1200 ;...".:. ......... 300 Savannah 32
400....... 35 300 Thorpe 85
• 11000 87
■ LOCAL SECURITIES.
Bid 50 Hawaiian Commercial...:. 19 50
Bid 190 San Francisco Gas. B.' oo '
Asked 10 Spring Valley Water. 100 25
Bid 100 Oceanic Steamship 18 00
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
■ "' ' V WEDNESDAY, April 1-2 P. it. '
;':..- «•»;'£ tKITKDSTATKS BON" OS.
Bid. Asked. Bid. Aifced.
V 8 coup. .loßl i• — U 8«s reg...lOßiA —
Do. new 15... 116-^llß
• JIIKCKI.IAXKOIfS BOXDI
Cal-«tCble6s. — 113 !Do. 2d Iss 6s. — ' —
CalElec.L6s.lll — |P&0Ry63.105 120
| CmraCWfis. — 95% P&Ch Xv 6s. - 10«
| Dpnt-st ex-op 77 95 Pwl-st.RU&i. — 116 i/ 2
1 tdenL<tl J 6s.Hl — Reno. WL&Ij — 105 I
| F&CUP.R6S. — 1051 A KiverW Co6s - i 100
Gearv-BtR6». 100 y»106 S-BctoP & L .100 102-"»4
i Lo»AnicL,6s. - 101 .tSF<tNPRRSiiOIB/ 8 )013.
: Do.Unted.es. - 104 BPRKArIz6s — 94
j sdkt-stCble6sl23 - BPKRCaI6»-108 —
DoKyConss..lO« 107 BPiiKCalOi. 941/4100
NevCNgß7s. 9914 99% Si'BrßCalß*. — 100
N PCKK6B.IO3V* - HVWater6».. — 120
IN* Ry Cat 6s. — 106 i«VWater4s._ — 100
NRy Cal 6s. ■'— ■ — BtkinU&Eßj — 108
Oak Uas 55.. 100 1041/2 SunstT&T6«. 100 —
Do. 2d 183 ss. 10 — Sutter-stßss.llOi/i —•;
Omnibus 120 — Yisuiia — S°i
PacKollM6».. — — ■
- . .' Water stock*.
Contra Costa .37 *5 | San Jose 75 100
Matin C 0.... 49 - JBprlngValley 1003,4,101
. •'.:. / . .■'' . STOCKS.
Capital — 40 ! Pacific Light. 42 45 '
Central ...... P5 — ban Jrrancsco 84 861/ i
|OakGL&H. 511/ a - Stockton..... - aii^
! racUaslmp. 813/ i. 82 V4,
' :,'■ ". 1 N>. I' K\X OK STOCKS.
Flr»mansFd.l67Valßo \ |Sun : 4'j —
• /<■ COMMKBCIAI, BANK RTOCJC^.
AmerBATC. — ■ ■ — |LondonP&A. 128 132*/>
Anglo-Cal ... —;. 60 . I London ASF. — 27Va
1 Bank Of Cal.. — • 240 ,MercU Ex.... 13 , —
CaISD&TCo.. 57Vi — Nevada. ... — —
I l'irstNationi.l7B , 182% Bather B Co- — —
Grangers.... — — \
-. i ■ -. BAVIJfOB BANK STOCK*.
GerS&liCo.. 1 — 1440 Bav&Loan.. — 102%
Humbß<fcL.lloO 1450 ! Security....^ — 260
Mutual 37!/2 — Union Trust. — 826
' bFbjivUnlon ■ — 485
STRKKT KAll.Sd* STOCK*. t■ , .
California.... 107 8 — Oak.SLKfeHay — 100
Oeary-st 60 ",'■ V 2 1-resldio 8 9
; Market-at..- 473^.4814 Sutter-5u.... — —
X I'll W .M X HTKCKi.
' Atlantic D... 15% 163/ B 'Judson..... M — — V'
California.... — 98 iVlgonu — A 1 :
! Ulanu 18 19 '
UHCELUSMWI STOCK*
I Alaska Pkrs. 91 92y 2 iOceanicSSCo 18 20
I BlkDCoalCo. — 10 PacAuxFA.. 1 -
CalCotMllls.. -— — |Pac Borax. „ 98 100
CalDrvDoclt. — — IPacI&NCo. — 30
Edison Light. 105 10M PacRoUMIU 29 42%
; Gascon Assn. — — ParfPalntCo. 68/ 8 7% |
j Ger Lead Co. 82% — IPacTransOo. — 24
HawC&SCo. - 20% racT*TOo PO —
HntchSPCa. 188/s 19 KunsetT&T.. 41 —
JudEonMfgO. — — UnitedUUo.. — 25
; MerKxAssalOO 110
' __ - , . UOHVISI SKMIOV.
Board— 2o Hawaiian Commercial, 20; 10 Pacific
Gas Imp, 82%; 25 Presidio R R, 9; 100 8 V
Water, 100""4.
■ . AFTERNOON RKSSIOX.
Board— so Contra Costa Water. 37; 25 Hawaiian
Commercial, 20: 10 SV- Water, 101.
Street-60 -Market-st Railway. 48.
KEAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
' J. J. and Julia Bauer to Sadie L. Garratt, lot on j
S line of Broadway, 60 E of .Lacuna, E 27:6 by 8
112:6; $10,
- Henry Mayer to same, same: $5. >
George F. Aubertme, Josephine Glller, Charles
J. and Jennie Siebett, Peter and Frank Brand,
i Judab Boas, Wallace A. Wise and Thomas R.
llobson (by A. S. Baldwin, referee) to Henry
Wise, lot 'on N line of - Fulton street, 110 Eof
Lacuna, £ 27:6 by X 120: $2900.
i Charles S. Carr to George D. Toy, lot on N line of
Golden Gate avenue, 137:6 E of Webster street,
E 106:4 by N 137:6; $10.
• F. A. Haber and Edear P. Flgel to Michael Hart
man, lot on X line of Post street, 142:6 E of Scott.
£25 by >" 137:6; $1.
■ Wilton T. Vandersllce to Delpha Vandersllce, lot
j on X lit)* of Page street, 30 E of .Lou, E 25 by X
100; gift. :.,/-
Guy M. and Sarah J. Wood to Andrew G. Fors
berg, lot of W line of Wood street, 121:8 X of
Geary, X 26 by W 120; $10. .
William H. and Deborah H. Rush to E. Comuth
lot on W line of Cherry street, 82:2 S of Jackson.
866:1. W 62:10, X 66:101/2. 62:9: $10.
M. Morgenthau Company to Ellen Albin. lot on
N line of Twenty-second street, 75 E of Hamp
shire, E 26 by N 97:6; $10 ,■
.Cornelius P.Williams to Rosanna L. Williams,
undivided third of lot on SE corner of Twenty-sec
ond and York streets, 8 100 by E 50; $800.
11. M. and Mollie Hershberg to Marriam Lewis,
lot on N line of Valley, street, 203:7 W of Dia
mond, W 101:10 by N 114; $10.
James McDevitt to Roger O'Donnell. lot on XE
corner of Dupont and Vallejo ' streets, X 150:3 hi
fi 83:9; $32,000.
Palace Bathing Company to Joseph Cuneo, lot on
line of Filbert street, 137:6 E of Mason, S 137:6.
E 137:6, N 137:6, W 2 feet, S 79, W 45, X 79, W
90:6, also 'fixtures, tanks,' pipes, etc., of Palace
Baths; $5000. . . . .
Lina, Joe and Arnold Kappeler to Moses Ellis,
all interest and improvements In lot on 8W cor
ner of Post and .Mason streets, W 87:6, S 87 W
60.8 60:6, E 137:6, X 137:6: $10.
. James 1 8. Jameson, Alvlnza and Charity Hay
ward, George. Brown (by Thomas Magee, referee)
16 George Brown, estate for ninety-nine years
rroru March 26, 1851 (State title), lot on HE . cor
ner of Leaven worth »nd Beach streets, E 412:6 by
S 137:6; $6000. ■ *
diaries M. Solms (by W. B. Benchley. guardian),
Henry A., Frederick G. and Joseph F. Renner, ml
' nors (by C. F. Renner, guardian), Kate Croney, Ira
; G. Leek ana A. E. Buck man (by W. C. Dunlap,
referee) to James Fltzslmmons, lot on XW line of
: Hunt street, 120 NE of Third, XW 65 by NE 20
--; ffl4Co. - .
■ . Dnuiel Ryan to James and Kate Kennedy, lot on
.-Kline of N atom a street, 334 SW of Sixth. SW
25 by 8E65; 810. . ' .
» Louis Sf.chse to Anna Waller, lot on SE line of
Silver street, 95 XE of Fourth, NE 20 by SE 80 •
$8500. .':-.
■ E. .1. iiua Delia R. Mize to Sophus and Mary A
Jensen, lot 79, Gift Map 3: $300. .
Samuel and Charlotte Drew to C. H. Hobson,
lot ■ on ■ NW corner of Porter and Benton avenues.
It 76 by * W 70; also lots 46. 48 and 50, Holiday
Map A; $10. ■ '
George and Stella M. vision to Edmund I).
Thomas, lot on \V line of Josephine street, 150
Oilman, 8 50, W 139, N 90. E to beginning, being
10t 26. block B,Levls:on Tract, Berkeley; $5; :; ■
G. A. 'Swasey to same, lots 1, 2 and fractional
lota 3, 17 to 24, block 74. same: $10. ...
U. C. and Knunu 11. Bragonier, nee Hlgglns, to
Clara J. Hlggins, lot on Nt corner of Corbett and
Diamond streets, X 45 deR. 41 niin.. E 35:6, 8 66
deg. 15'inin., E 150, s3l d«-g. 49 mln., W 35, N
65'deg. 15 mm., W 150. Market-street Home
stead; $1.
.', .•'•;' \V , AI.AMKHA 1 cows-it.
; Daniel and Emily Culp to Mary- A. Herrmann,
lot on W corner of First and H streets, X W lie
by SW 100, Hay wards, Eden Township, subject to
a mortgage for $1600; $10. .
John R. and Mary W. Glasscock to A. T. Ayers,
lot on W line of Jackson street, 75 s of Seventh,
S 26 by W 75, being lot 18, block 62, Oakland; $10.
:. Sarah ' A. McKee (by attorney) ■to O. B. and
Augusta M. Caldwell. lot 4, block 6, McKee Tract.
Oakland Township; $10.
A. A. and Amm It. Wood to A. H. Breed, lot 24,
Batchelder Tract. Oakland Township: $10. ■
Daniel Stuart to Annie A. Collins (wife of S. C),
all interest in lot 20, block D, Gasklll Tract, Oak
land Township; -$lO. . . -.'fi -
Alfred A. and Catherine Demars to same, all in
terest Id same, Oakland Township; $6. ■
Julia M. Pence (wife of O. >».) to same, ail in
terest In same, Oakland Township ; $5.
- 8. and Annie Samuels to George Samuels, lots 7,
, 9to 12, block 4, Beaudry and Peladeau property,
Oakland Township; $5. . . - -
■■" Delo.s and Harriet A. Pratt to : Mathias ■ Gesler,
• lot 2in subdivision F, Frultvale Terminal Tract,
Brooklyn Township; $10. ;: - -^ '- .• ...
- Helnrich and Johanne Opi t to Ernest Oels, com
mencing at a point on ..W line of • county road No.
1854 at XE corner of land described in contract of
sale by John I and I Jane Johnson to E. P. McCord
and ; recorded in 480 d. 8, thence • N 53 . feet W to
E line of lands of E. S. Dedgley, thence 8 to a point
60 S from land, of X. Hopkins,-. E to beginning,
together with five shares i of : capital stock or Cos-
I mopolitan ; M. 1!. and L. Association (subject to
! mortgage for $1000), Brooklyn Township; $10.
■- . ", Builder*' Contracts. . . ,f . ■
. Claus Spreckels with Pacific Rolling Mill Com
pany, all steel, wrought = ana cast iron work for
new Call building on SW corner of Third and
- Market streets, 8118,792; ■ Reid Bros., architects.
THE CAI.I, CALEXSAB.
April, 1896.
W.
[Fr.
I
3
, / 7*V Last Quarter.
April 4.
U
4J& New Moon.
w April 12
14
17
21
!
24
/-ft First (
23
25
I
i 30
;^\ full Mot
\ss April
01/JiAN STKA-U.iSi4.-s.
o^ Departure * rom San Vv\nri-co.
BTEAKBR. | ItKKTI.VATIO.V |
SAIM.
| PIER.
Alumeda Sydney
5un01........ Grays Harbor.
Homer..;... Coos -8ay......
State of Ca; Portland
Banta Kom.. Ban Dieeo.....
ABlancbaru Portland
P0m0na..... Hutnboliltßav j
Del None.. Grays HarDor. i
CltyPuebla_ ; Vie <fc Put snd (
*5t Pau1...... ! Newport ..
Orizaba...... ; Mexico.. ..
Faral i 0n . . . . V annum Bay.. '■
Corona San Dieeo.....
Australia.... Honolulu •
Queen 1'0rt1ana....... '
Coptic China & Japan
Weeott Kel Kiver ;
Knrelca NewDOK
Walla Walla Vie 4 Pet Snd
Apr '2. Bpm Oceanic
Apr '2. . 4pm j Pier ii
Apr, 3. (spm | Oceania
Apr 3.10 am Pier 21
Apr 3.11 am Pier 11
Apr 3. 5 I'm Pier 13
Apr 3. Vpu Pier 9
Apr 4. 4pm 1 .
I Apr 4. 9am Pier 9
Apr 5. 9am Pier II
Apr 5. 10am Pier 11
Apr 6, 9am Pier 2
Apr 7.11 am Pier 11
Apr 7.10 am Oceanic
Apr B.loam Pier 34
Apr 8. 3pm I'MSS
Apr. 8. 'Jam Pier 13
Apr 9. 9am Pier 11
Apr 9. -9 am Pier 9
STKAMERS TO AItRIVK.
«i:k {
x-lUKreHSI.SI !
Homer I
Pomona....
8tPaui. ......... |
Wellington
Del Norte
Farallon
i ......... 4
Queen ]
Corona •
Walla Wa11a.... |
North Foric
Wcoott ;
Coos uav
flumboidt Bay.
Newport
Departure Bay
Grays HarDor
'Yamuna .Bay
Portland.. .
San Diego.....
I Victoria & Pujret wound
! Humboldtßay
■ Eel River
lucoma. 
Coos Hay ..„.•...-... r..".
Crescent City-
| Newport..
Mexico .......
Portland
China and Japan
Man i)!ci;o..
! t'anama
..Apr 2
..Apr 2
..Apr 'i
..Apr a
..Apr 3
..Apr S
..Apr 4
..Apr 5
..Apr 6
..Apr 5
..Apr 6
..Apr 6
..Apr 6
..Apr 6
..Apr 6
..Apr 7
..Apr 7
..Apr 7
..Apr 8
..Apr 9
..ADr 9
Mackinaw '
Arcata '
Crescent City... i
Eureka !
Coos Hay._.... !
Kmpire.
Riode Janeiro..
Santa Kosa.
Arapnlco I
MnrlnOM»
Jianposa ....... |
SIS, MOON ASI) TlliK.
U. 8. COART AND OEODKTIC SURVEY TIDIO
8171,1,KT1N PITBI.ISHKD BY OFKICIAT, V
AtITHOBITY OF THE SfPERINTKNDK>"T. J
Thursday, April Si,
Snn rlsei 5.52' Moon rises Aif
Snn sets 6.36.M00n 5et5.......
April-1596.
; Time I
' Feet !
Tini.-
-i Feet
i Time Feet Tlme Feet
;H wj |L \v
2 1.54 1 5.2 i H.OS —0.41
8 2.431 6.0 10.1 _> -0.4
4] 3.47! 4.7 11.21 -OH
51 5.06! 5.0 12.29-0.6
! L w! Feet HWi Feet!
6 1.00 3.0; 630 4.9 :
7 2.14 2.7! 7.41 4.91
H 3.04 2.4 8.48 4.91
4.42 1 3.8 8.381 2.2
6.06 i 3.6 9.48 2.7
7.151 3.7 11.20 2.8
8.08 1 3.6!
L. W FeetlH W Feet
; 1.28-0.5 8.50 3.8
I 2.18—0.4 i 9.24 4.0
' 3.02 — 0.2 ! 9.50 4.3
Note— Tn the aDove exposition of the tides th«
•arly morning tides are given in the left hand
column, and the successive tides of the day in the
order of occurrence ai to time. The second time
column gives the second tide or the day, the third
time column the third tide, and the last or right
hand column gives the last tide of the day, except
when there are but three ildes, as sometimes
occurs. The heights given are additions to the
soundings on the United States Coast Survey
charts, except when a minus sign (— ) precedes the
height, and then the number given Is nubtractlve
from the depth given by th« charts
UYUItOGKAPHIC BULLETIN.
Bbanch Hydrooraphic Offick, U. 3. N. 1
Merchants' Exchan^r i
Pan Francisco. April 1. 189 d )
The time ball on Telegrapn liili was aropp<yl
exactly at noon to-< Jay —i. c., at noon of the lJOth
meridian, or exactly at 8 p. m., Greenwich time.
A. F. Fkchtki.kk,
Lieutenant U. S. N.. in tliar^a.
SfcHPl'l.Nli UiTELLKJEJiCi;.
Arrlvert.
WEDNESDAY, April 1.
Stmr Santa Rosa, Alexander, 61 3 /i hours fm San
Diego, etc; pass and mdse, to Goodall, Perkins <fc
! Co.
[ Stmr Alice Blanchard, Dunham, 9H hours from j
Portland, via Astoria 70 hours; pass and mdse,
to North Pacific Steamship Co.
Stmr San Benito, Smith, SO hours fromTacoma;
4500 tons coal, to S Co. Oakland direct.
Schr yacht Coronet, Crosby, 118 days from .New
York: ballast, to A C James. • -
| Schr Spokane,. Jamieson, 514 days from Port
Gamble; lumber and piles, to Pope <& Talbot.
Schr Chetco, Ostlin, 6 days from Nehalem River;
lumber, to S H Harmon Lumber Co.
• Schr Etta B. Madsen, B hours from Fort Boss;
butter, etc., to Ross *. Hewlett.
■?■.>•• Clearml.
WEDNESDAY. April i.
. StmrMineoia, Pillsbury, Comox; Pacific Imp Co.
stmr City of Everett, Buckman, Nanaimo; X
Dunsmuir A Sons. ■
Nic stmr Costa Rica, Mclntyre, Nanaimo; R
Dunsmuir & Sons.
Stmr Elsie, Salvesen, Pyramid Harbor; Alaska
Packers' Association.
Br ship Roby, Oakley," Sydney via Tacoma; J D
Spreckels <Ss Bros Co.
Br ship Elginshire, Greig, Queenstown: Eppln- I
ger * Co.
Bktn Tropic Bird. Jackson. Tahiti; J Pinet & Co.
Schr Volant, Erratt, Mahukona; JDSpreckels '
& Bros Co.
Sailed.
WEDNESDAY, April 1.
Stmr Geo Loomls, Brideett. Ventura.
Stmr Arcata. Cousins. Coos Bay.
Stmr Jennie, Esser. Cooks Inlet.
Stmr Eureka, Jepsen. San Pedro. •:
Stmr Weeott, Whitney, Eel River.
Stmr Alcazar, Fagerlund.
Stmr Cleone, Miller.
Stmr City of Everett, Buckman, N&nalmo.
" Stmr Scotia, Johnson, itockport.
Ship Dirigo, Goodwin, Honolulu.
Bark Columbia, Hove. Port Blakeley.
' Bktn Tropic Bird. Jackson. Tahiti.
Schr Enterprise, Ingwersen.
Schrßosario, Coin' a, whaling voyage.
Schr Neptune, Estvold, Klawack.
Scnr Volant, Erratt, Mahukona.
<Mi»r*er*. ;
The Br ship Ardnamurchan Is chartered for
wheat to Europe, 20* 3d net.
The Ital ship E Rag«tio is rechartered for wheat <
to Europe, 21s 3d— ls 3d less direct. -
-■ Tele r»r»!tlo. •
POINT LOBOS. April 1-10 p. jc. -Weather
hazy, wind NW; velocity 8 miles. ■• ,
• . ' Spoken.
Mar s— Lat 9 S, long 29 W, Br ship St Mango,
from Swansea, for San Francisco.
Mar 6— Lat 5 S, long 29 W, Dutch ship Neder
land, from Glrgenti, for San Francisco.
Mar— Lat 8 N, long 26 W, Brship Crown of
England, hence Nov 26, for . Queenstown.
Domestic Ports.
FORT ROSS— Sailed Apr I— Schr Etta B, for
San- Francisco.
MENDOCINO— SaiIed Apr I— Stmr Point Arena,
for san Francisco.
FORT BRAGG— Sailed Apr I— Stmr Rival, for
San Francißco.
NEW WHATCOM- Arrived Mar 31-Schr Lucy
from San Pedro. '
TATOOSH— Passed Apr I— Ship Spartan, from
Seattle, for San Francisco.
PORT GAMBLE— Arrived Apr 1— Stmr Lakme, !
hence Mar 24, via Eureka: ship Cockermouth,
from lauique. *
Bailed Apr I— Stmr Lakme.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived Mar 31— Schr Comet and
baric Tidal Wave, from Tacoma.
ASTORIA— Apr I— Stmr Empire, hence
Mar 25; Br ship Inverness-shire, from Liverpool.'
EUREKA— Arrived Apr ,I— Stmr North Fork,
hence Mar '29; bktn Monitor, hence Mar 25.
■ Sailed Apr I— Stmr Farallon, fox Yaquina Bay:
st mrs Pomona, South Coast and schr John A, for
San Francisco.
Kar bound Mar 31— Stmr South Coast, from
Portland, for San Francisco.
San DlEGO— Arrived Apr I— Schr Vega, from
Coos Bay. .■-..'.' '■■>.: ■?--,.
ALBlON— Sailed Apr I— Schr Sacramento, for
Fort Los Angeles. -
■ Arrived Apr' I— Schr Bessie X, hence Mar 28:
schr Moro, hence Mar 29; stmr Protection, hence
Mar 31. :■■*-•.-- ■,-. ■.■■.■-.. : ■ . .
COOS BAY— Sailed Apr 1-Schr Corinthian; for
San Francisco: schr Western Home, for San Fran
cisco; stmr Farallon, for Yuquina Bay.
POINT ARENA— Sailed Apr 1-Stmr Whltes
boro, for San Francisco. . . . .
USAL— Arrived Apr 1-Stmr National City, hnc
Mar 31.
. Sailed Apr I— Stmr National City, for San Fran
cisco. \, L . . /
Foreign Ports. . • '
DOVER— Passed Mar 29— Ital '.'. bark Emllie
Ciampa, from Antwerp, for San Francisco
. I CAPE TOWN-Arrived Mar 29— bark Inver
garry, hence Jan 2. . ,
HAMBURG— Arrived Mar 30— «r bark Pass of
Brand from Astoria. :
MELBOURNE-Arrived Feb 18-Br ship Mar
: pesla, from Taoma: received considerable dam-'
I age to deck fittings on passage. . -
r~ DUNGENESS-Passed Mar 31-Br ship Sokoto,
from London; tor San Francisco
ISLE OF WIGHT-Passed Mar" 30-Br ship Star
of France, from London, for San Francisco. --.-,-
Movement* or .Vtlantin Steamers.
a NEW YORK-Arrived Apr 1-Stmr Majestic,
from Liverpool stmr Nordland, from Antwerp;
stmr Scotia, ; from Hamburg; atmr Edam, from
Rotterdam.:..! ■ •
v- Sailed Apr I— Stmr Paris, for Southampton: stm
Southwark, for Antwerp; stmr Britannic, for
Liverpool. - . ' ,
. SOUTHAMPTON-Arrlved out ! Apr 1-Stinrs
New York and Havel." "'
Sailed Apr I— sttar Lahn, for New York. f
COPENHAGEN — Arrived . out Apr I— Stmr
Nome. '.■- ■• .-.-••
ROTTERDAM-Salled Apr I— Stmr Amsterdam
for New York. • ■.-•.,«• .•-,••■■
ISLE OF WIGHT-Passsd Aor 1-Stmr Aachen,
from New York, for Bremen. r. . - . ...
PORTLAND BILL. ENG— Passed Apr I— Stmr
Mobile, from New York, for London.
.> PHILADELPHIA— CIeared Apr I— Stmr Nei
derland, for Antwerp. : ' •■
' QUEENSTOWN— Arrived Apr 1-Stmr • Rhyn-
Und, from FnUadelphia, for Liverpool.
Importation?.
PORTLAND- Per Alice Blancbard-1 lot lßbbls
5 kegs scrap iron, 61 pkgs mtlse, 41 bdls staves,
12 pcs heads, 4 bdls hooD iron. 42 bbls salt. 1 crate
bicycles. 79 sks bark, 9 balm logs, 1 19 sks bones.
321 bdls hidoa. 1676 sks flax. 784 sks oats, 200 qr
sks (lour, 397 sks potatoes, IS sks onions.
Astoria-bO bbls oil, 111 sks bones, 42 bdls hides,
I bdl pelts. 1 sk tails.
SAN DIEGO— Per Santa Kosa— l2o pkgs mdse,
12 sks nbalone meat, 1 cs olive oil. 10 bxs phos
phate. 11l cs mineral water, 8 tubs butter, 3 bxs
gelatine, 4 horses, 1 cs peas, 2(5 sks dried fruit, '-'li'J
bxs lemons, 750 bxs oranges, 54 bxs limes, 27
bxs oranges and lemons, 3 cs beeswax.
I IX)3 Angeles via Redondo— 4s pkgs mdse. 4 pkgs
j machinery, 6 bxs oranges, 10 cs honey, 6 bbli
I hams.
Redondo— B4o bxs oranges, 1 keg olives, 147
bxs lemons, 263 sks corn, ti pkgs mdse, 18 punch
eons wine.
Port Los Angeles— 66 bxs lemons, 598 sks corn,
65 bxs oranges. 1 cs eggs.
Santa Jiarbara— 3 bxs butter. 36 bxs lemons, 11
bxs oranges, t> pkga mdae. 7 sks crawfish.
Los Angeles via Port Los AJlgeles— 6 cs olives, 4
bbls pickles, 20 bbls starch, 1 cs crackers, 57 bdls
pelts, 27 pkes mds:', 88 bxs oranges.
Port iiarford— '2 firkins 42 tubs 187 bxs bntter. 4
pkgs castings. 7 bxs fish. 'J sks tails. 7 bills pelts, 1
Ml hides, 2 sks taiis, 20 bdls green hides. 1 coop
pigeons, 7 coops cliicltons. 39 dressed calves, id
cs eggs, 16 cs cheese, 51 pkgs mdse.
Per Alice Blanchard— Amer Cam Arid A Gas Co;
C'has Jlarley A Co: O A Hooper A Co;- 0 A .lonti
son: G FBrophy; Htrwood Bros <t Co: X Hoff
man: HSehaeht; N Ohlandt A Co; Pacific Bone
Fertilizing Co: 8 II Frank it Oo: Geo Morrow 4 < ■):
Thomas Loughran; F. It Stevens it Co: Hecht Itros
6 Co; Moore, Ferguson & Co: X EtStevena it Co:
Allen <t Lewis: F.rlanger & Galinger: II Inuard;
J Kverdingtt Co: X E Copland; M I> Conwav: A
II Jlenney : D E AHisonA Co; W B Sumner A Co;
Page & *en; G F. Gibbs.
Pit Santa Kosa— Kveleth <fc Nash : Mack 4 Co; E
\V Aknutrin; I Newman: A Jlcßean; » Jacobs; C
B Rode dt Co; pacific Transfer Co; J C Lineman;
People's Express; E Campion: J Monto: J Smith;
Dairymen's Union: D X A X Walters: Hillsßroa;
"Wellman, Peck & Co: M Beck & Co: Pacific Coast
Borax Co: Immel & Co: Wittland <fc Fredericksou;
G X Starr & Co; W Mitchell & Co; Blodgett A- Co:
Campodonico A Malcolm: Gould & Jaumn; 11 ()
Ureenhooti: Wood. Curtis dfc I'o; i. Scatenadt ( o; J
A Sanborn; Lev! Spiegel & Co; AVetmore Bros; J
W Goodwin dt Co; GarciaA Mnggini: F 8 Dow;
Gray »t Barbieri: Bell <fc Co: C E Frank & Co: J C
lowers; Page»tSon; A (Jsilli Fruit Co; Osmond.
Skine <fe Co; Tacoma Commercial Co; Southern
CaltfOrnta Fruit Kxchange; Xi-wmark & Kdwanls;
EF Griffin; American Type Foundry; 11 H Mas-
S'v; i'acillc Ammonia anl Chemical Works: J H
Cain & Co; J D Hammond: B W Lvon; Mildleton
<fc«o; D E Allison & Co; Wood, McKnight & Co:
X II '.ilman; V R I'arke; California Wine A.ssn;
J X Chapman: D Biagi <fc Co: Ed Adams: Troy
Laundry Co; J Brownstein: Sherwood it Sherwood ;
Sawyer Tanning Co: The Preservaliue Mfg Co: E
T Potter; Dodge, Sweeney & Co: F L Haim; (ieo
Beale; J Stutz; A Levy it <'o; J Ivancovich & Co;
APaladinl: American I nion Fish Co: Greenbauru
& Co: Milani & Co; ti Camilloni & Co: II Duiard;
C E Whitney & Co; Brigham, Hoppe & Co: W W
Cowles; fietz Bros & Co; Wheaton, Breon i Co: J
AI Moore: De Bernardi it Co: II Kirchmann A Co;
Witzel A Baker: S Levy A Co; Bennett it Murray :
Hilmer, Brcdboff A Schulz: Russ, Sanders A Co; S
Strauss; M T Frcitas A Co; J P Thomas; S Bruns
wick ; II Heckman A Co; W C Price A Co: George
Barrett; Boescb Lump Co: G Genarl; Steiner A
Co; C Jacobsun; L I) Stone & Co; Labor Exchange;
Jonas Erlangcr A Co: Norton, Teller A Co: J Hoff
man A Co; J J Duffy; Lemoine ACo: Reilly, Wal
ton it CO.
g^. OFFICE FURNITURE .
Bfe^«iif AND FIXTURES.
g|s|M|aC. F. V/EBER & CO.,
"q^T^^ 300 to 30R Po<t St.. cor. Stock to-»
OCEAN STEAMSHIPS.
PACIFIC COAST STEAMSHIP COMPACT
CUT RATES
— —-TO
VICTORIA, B. C- and
PUGET SOUND.
First Class 68.00
Beooud. Class S3 OO
Meals and berth Included.
Ticket Office— 4 Sew Montgomery Street
QOODALL, PERKINS* CO.,
General Agent* *
ASTORIA iiPOSTLAND.
$2.50 Second Class, $5 First Class,
MEALS AND BERTHS INCLUDED.
Ktateof California satis March 24 and April 3
Columbia sails March 29 and April 8
From Spear-st. Wharf (Pier 24) at 10 a. M.
6UUDALL, PERKI>"» & CO., Genl. Snpts.
F. F. CONNOR, General Agent,
-j_'^ ■ ■ 630 .Market street.
PACIFIC COAST STEAMSHIP' IMPAH
STEAMERS WILL SAIL FROM >E?^A_
O Uroadway wharf, Sail Francisco, as ■gafryjjfP
lollows:
For Mary Island. Lorlmc, Wrangol. Juneau, Kil-
lisnoo ana Sitka (Alaska), at 9 a. m., April 14.
29. May 14. "29.
For Victoria and Vancouver (P.. C). Port Town-
send, Seattle, Tacoma, Everett, Anacortes and New
Whatcom (Bellingham Bay, Wash.). 9 a. m.
April 4. 9. 14, 19, 24. '_'9. and every fifth
day thereafter, connecting at Vancouver with,
the C. IV R. R., at Tacoma with N. P. R. R,
at Seattle with G. N. Ry., at Port Townsend with
Alaska steamers.
For Eureka, Arcata and Fields Landing (Hum-
boldt Bay) str. Pomona, 2 p. m., April it, 7, 11,
15. 19. 23, 27, and every fourth day thereafter.
For Santa Cruz, Monterey, San Simeon, Cayucos,
Port Harford (San Luis Obispo), Gaviota, Santa
Barbara. Ventura. Hneneme. San Pedro, East San
Pedro (Los Angeles) ana Newport, at 9 a. m.. April
1. 5.9. 13, 17, 21,25, 29 and every fourth day
thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Harfor I
(San Luis Obispo), Santa Barbara, Port Loi
Angeles, Redondo (Los Angeles) and Newport, 11
a. M.. April 3. 7. 11. 15, 19, 23, 27, and
every fourth day thereafter.
For Knsenada, San Jose del Cabo, Mazatlan, La
Paz. AJtata and Onaymas (Mexico), str. Orizaba,
10 a. m.. April 5.
Ticket office, Palace Hotel, 4 New Montgomery
street.
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO., Oen'l Agents.
I ■ 10 Market st. ; San Francisco.
OCEANIC S.S. CO. g\ days to
HAWAII. SAMOA, IL^ HONOLULU
NEW ZEALAND, ff| ■ by
AUSTRALIA. V#S S. AUSTRALIA.
S. S. ALAMEDA sails via HONOLULU and
AUCKLAND for SYDNEY, Thursday, April -2,
at 2 p. m.
S. S. AUSTRALIA for HONOLULU only, Tues.,
April 7, at 10 a. m. Special party rates.
LInetoCOOLGARDIE, Aust., and CAPETOWN,
8. Air. J. D. SPRECKELS A BROS. CO.. Ajrts.,
" ■ 114 Montgomery St.
Freight Ofiice, 327 Market St., San Francisco.
CO3IPAGME GENERAL TKAXSATLASTIOIK
French Line to Havre.
/COMPANY'S PIER (NE\V),42 NORTH A*«
\J River, foot of Morton st. Travelers liv £[£St
this line avoid both transit oy English railway Sod
the discomfort of crossing the channel' In a small
boat. New YorK to Alexandria, Egypt, Via Paris,
lirst-claBssl6o: second-class, $118. .it ..- -."..
LATOURAINE, Capt. Santelli
April 9
LA GASCOGNE. Capt. Baudelon
;..... April 11, 8:00 a. m
LA BRETAGNE. Capt. Rupe .:.....
• April 18, 3 a. M
LA BOURGOGNJS, Capt. Leboeuf......
- .....April V 5, 9 a. X
MJf For further particulars apply to
- A. FORGET, Agent,
No. 3 Bowling Green, New York.
■ J. F. FUGAZI A CO., Agents, 5 Montgomery
avenue, San Francisco. ■
g?^Pn.K HAMBURG-AMERICA? LHE
S^sSjJsSr' twin-screw EXPRESS
; *&" 11 TrTfii""' ' Line from New York to
] Plymouth (London), Cherbourg, Paris & Hamburg.
jF. Bismarck... April 9 I C01umbia... .......May 7
A. Victoria April 23 ] Normannia May 14
I. Cabin, $75 and upward; 11. Cabin, $45 and $60.
PLYMOUTH 41 •. h.. free of charge
by special train; CHERBOURG-PARIS, 6V2 ''• .
For passage apply to HAMBURG-AMERICAN
LINE, 37 Broadway, N. V., or to Local Agents. ■
ROYAL MAIL STEAJMMCIET COIPAIfi
STEAMERS LEAVE ASPIIf WALL," mi
fortnlgb'.iy for the West Indira and <sfiE£B
I Southampton, calling -en route at Cerbour^h,
France, and Plymouth to land passenirerii.
Through bills of lading, in connection with th«
racine Mail S. 8. Co.. issued for freight and trea«»
ore to direct ports in England and Germany.
Through tickets from San Francisco to Plymouth,
Cherbourg, Southampton. First class, *195 : thlfi
«UM, 9Vt M. For further particulars apply to .
VABKOTT & CO., Agent*.
' '■ ' 306 Calilurula at.
STOCKTON STEAMERS"
Leave Pier No. 3. Washington St.
At 5 P. M, Dally, Except Suuduy.
93" Accommodations Reserved by Telephone
STKABIEH-:
T. C. Walker. "J.D. P«t«V
Mary Garratt, City of StoVkto*.
Telephone Main SOB. Cat. X.v. and Impt. Co.
i FALLEJO, MARK ISLAXD, # BE\ICIA, PORT
COSTA A.\I)CR(H KM T.
STR; MONTICKLLO,
Dally, except Saturday and Sunday— lo-30 a.*
and 4 f. v. ; Saturday, 12:30 nooa- .
' .4,.K.0my. Hnnday— 8 f. v.
;*4jr,m. only. • • ' . .
( L«ao ii, B , aiiailpu I, Flora*HE MAY BECOME
A MILLIONAIRE
A Story of. Wealth With
More Than Ordinary
Foundation.
KELLY HEARS OF GOLD.
The Property of His Uncle
Who Was Drowned Going
: . From Australia.
A SUSPICIOUS WILL FOUND.
News From Philadelphia That Causes
an Oaklander Great
Anxiety.
■ Oakland Office Sax Francisco Call,)
••'• •-•• 908 Broadway, April 1. j
. ' • Patrick Kelly, a real estate dealer of this
city, is in a most uneasy frame of mind.
He has the mortification of knowing that
an estate valued at 000, 000 is probably
; : distributed to a youncr lady named Miss
. Elizabeth Kelly of Philadelphia, which
.." should become the property of himself
• -and seven other heirs.
•.The claim of the reai estate man is built
. •■ on a Story he read in the newspapers some
: . .--time Since that time he has been
• corresponding with Philadelphia lawyers
: ". ana Irish relatives. The story consisted
; of a telegraphic dispatch from Philadel
: phia which reads as follows:
-PHILADELPHIA. Jan. 14.— A fortune, esti
' mated at $15,000,000, will be soon secured by
Elizabeth Kelly, as the heiress of the Aus
tralian estate of Peter Kelly, her uncle. The
Kelly family live in an unpretentious dwelling
• at TS33 Natonia street, in tins city. William
Keliy, father of the annonnced heiress, is a
gardener. Peter Kelly, it is said, left his home
in tfae county of Lancashire, England, many
years ago to svek his fortune in the gold fields
•' of Australia. He became rich, and started to
r.et.urn. to England, but the ship was wrecked,
: . and her was lost.
. It was twenty-seven years ago that William
' . Kelly Learned that a large estate had been be
queathed to his (William's) oldest child, by his
_ brother .Peter. After Peter's death it appears
■ that a will v, a* found bequeathing all nis prop
erty: to'.tjie oldest child oi his brother. William
• Keoy was a'-workinKman. His wages were suf
• . iicient for tlie moderate wants himself, his
wife and children, and he was contented with
.his : k>f. It is said. io be a fact that when Kelly
first learned of the vast estate he made no effort
to secure it.for his daughter.
Two years ago he engaged an attorney and
. „' through nil efforts the vast legacy, it is said,
will be placed at the disposal of Mr. Kelly's
"oldest child, Elizabeth Kelly. this week. A re
.; P'ortvr called on Mr. Kelly and his daughter
"■ yesterday. They were reticent, but verified
. the report that they would come into tne for
' tune. The ittiniiv' believe it will amount to
"The story told by William Kelly of
Philadelphia is acsura on the face," said
. Patrick Kelly to-night. "Is it likely that
a man. who was a poor gardener would
"., kuojrofa fortune like that and do noth
. ipg in regard to it for twenty-one years? i
. .'William Kelly is no relative of Peter
-Kelly, that was drowned. Peter was
0 my uncle and I know all his relatives,
- and I am the only one in this country. !
We all Know of old Peter's death at sea, !
but we never, dreamed that he had left a ■
fortune behind him in Australia. Had we :
known it we should have gone after it \
years ago. .The Philadelphia family has '
riorishtto.it. My idea is that William
• Kelly ha* seen the estate advertised and
entered into a scheme with some one in
Australia-, and as no other heirs appeared
they. t'aVe had everything their own way.
I have retained Attorney W. J. Donovan, i
• and he is. in correspondence with Phila
delphia and the family in Ireland, and we'
. thick that our proofs will be perfect. In a
few days we exDect to have something
. definite about bringing a suit in Philadel
. phia against the gardener's daughter."
A Cigarette Victim's Widow.
OAKLAND* CaI., April I.— Two months
• ago 'William Higgins died at the Receiving
, Hospital, a victim of the cigarette habit,
.'and to-night his wife of a year, Tillie Hig
gins, who nursed the dying man all
'.through his last illness, occupies a cell at
the City Prison charged with vagrancy.
' .'» Officer Phillips, who arrested the pretty
. little widow, who is not yet 20 years of
• .age-, says ever since the death of "her hus
band.Mrs. Higgins has been going steadily
down - bill. From drinking she drifted
gradually to evil companions and is now
the associate of the worst characters in the
city.
What makes the case of Mrs. Higgins
particularly sad is that she is a young
woman of good family and has married
sisters living in San Francisco who would
do anything in the world for her, but since
,J "' the death of her husband she has cut adrift
• all' family ties and appears anxious for
: .nothing but a rapid trip down the grade.
.". ,• , After the Grand Jury.
J ' OAKLAND. Cat., April 1. -Albert Mer
-1 zehmayeT has paid $3500 as compensation
;. to J. R. Perkins, whom he snot while
.' drunk last Christmas eve, and is now go
ing to make a strong fight to avoid going
•: to the penitentiary. Tnis morning A. A.
: Mooregave notice of his intention to ques
;'.- tion the validity of the indictment which
i : . has-been returned against his client. He
•■ bases his motion on the fact that the
Grand Jury which returned the verdict
.was not legally constituted. The alleged
, 'defect is that Justis Held committed sui
cide- while a crand juror and that there not
being nineteen jurors, as required by law,
. their -acts. are illegal. This is the same
• Doiot that. has been raised in the cases of
Myron Whidden, the County Auditor,
against whom some indictments were re
. turned..
■ _ ' . Chief Lloyd a Suffragist.
OAKLAND, Cal., April I.— Chief of
Police "Lloyd, was unable to attend the re
ception to ' Miss Susan B. Anthony last
, nit-'ht, but be tent the following. note:
• . ? "I am ah earnest supporter of woman's
right -to equality before the law, and am
identified "•with a political organization
which recognizes the mother as the peer of
the. father -at the ballot-box."
The ladies were pleased to learn that the
.Chief belreyes in iemale. suffrage, and re
ceived note with applaus?.
.Another Gold-Brick Victim.
OAKLAND, Cat,., April 1. — Stephen
Little, the banker from Dixon, was a wit
ness against the gold-brick man, Andrew
Root, to-day: . The prisoner was examined
,on the .second charge preferred by Mr.
Hofstra of ; San Jose. The same old story
.was told of confidence and fraud, and the
". prisoner was held to answer to the Supe
, rior Court.. . .
. May Sue Mrs. Crowley.
OAKLAND, CxL, April I.— A. G. Ains
t w-Qrtb. the husband of the lady named by
I Mrs. Dr. Crow ley as co-respondent in her
suit for. divorce, said to-day that he will
probably sue Mrs. Crowley for damage-,
He say* he has thoroughly investigated
the matter and is positive that his wife is
. innocent.
c . An Kiigineer Struck.
"OAKLAND, Cal., April I.— John' Gash,
. an engineer on the Berkeley local train,
•■ was struck by a tram at First and Cedar
, ..streets this evening and seriously cut about
the, head' and hands. lie was taken to
Fabiola.
g|||l| To Stay a Week.
V OAKLAND, Cal., April I.— Miss Fay's
'performances at the Macdonough have
proved so successful that she has decided
to stay the balance of the week. She is as
mysterious as ever and is drawing big
houses.
Not Tet Sentenced.
OAKLAND. Cal., April I.— Ben L. Hill,
the wife-murderer, was not sentenced to
death to-day. His attorney will make a
motion for a new trial on the 12th inst.
HISTORY OF A DAY.
Alameda County Happenings Told in
Brief Chupter.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,)
908 Broadway, April 1. j
The course for the big relay race on April 12
hab been laid out and everything is in readi
ness for the event,
A inquest was held on the body of the man
found drowned in the bay, but notning was
learned concerning his identity.
L. M. Frick. has resigned as poiice messenger,
the fees of the office having dropped off until
there was nothing to be made out of the place.
Madge Kearney, the newest of new women,
was released from the City Prison last evening
on her solemn promise never to wear male
ature again.
J. A. Wagner, who has had so much trouble
about the support of his children, wts granted
twov.tefcs more of grace by Judge Wood to
day, as he showed he was trying to provide for
them.
The Southern Pacific Railroad Company has
made a motion for a new trial of the suit in
which A. Wettstein was awarded $5000 for
being pushed off the steps of the local train
by a gate man.
John Ronndey of 503 East Fourteenth street
is making an eti'ort to be reinstated as weigher
in the United states Custom-hou9e in San
Francisco. He was removed by Collector Wise
some time ago.
The Board of Works will within a few days
appoint a landscape gardener to take charge of
the various parks oi the city. The appoint
ment, under the Council resolution, will hold
good for only a month.
I |The suit of Mrs. X. Xewland against her hus
band for support has been dropped, as it has
developed tnat he is practically incapacitated
for making a living by reason of rheumatism
and a complication of ailments.
County Tax Collector Barber will hereafter
collect county licenses, as the position of
license collector has been done away with.
The holders of licenses will now have to come
to the collector's office and settle.
I). N. Kratzer has brought suit against Ade
line E. Knaup for $794 5/ , judgmentand costs,
on a cross-complaint, in a sun brought Dy
Palmer A: Key against D. W. Kralzer and Ade
■ line Knapp over some printing material of a
paper at lrviugton.
B. F. Hudelson, State president of the
A. P. A., and George H. Derrick, M.D., district
deputy, will address the members of Council
No. 'J nest Thursday evening, April 2, at Odd
Fellows' Hall, corner of Eleventh avenue and
East Twelfth street.
MAY SHOOT ONCE MORE
Some Talk Over the Recent
Police Match Across the
Bay.
An Oakland Officer Answers Some
Charges Which Were
Made.
OAKLAND, Cal., March 31.— There is
war between the Oakland and San Fran
cisco police departments, and it is all over
a story ;hat appeared in to-day's Call.
' Several statements made by members of
the San Francisco force are denied by the
Oakland men and there is no doubt that
the butts at Shell Mound will soon witness
another match between the bobbies.
"Whoever supplied those facts across the
bay did not know what he was talking
about," said Detective Nick Williams to
night. "The trouble is all caused by the i
south-of-Market-street squad because they j
were not in the mate!). They are trying i
to ridicule Captain Wittman's team, but j
we are just as ready to meet another team
from the other division. It says that four ;
of our team were in the Carson Guards at
the time they were beaten by the old
timers, wuh whom was Captain Douglass. ';
This is false, not one of our team <
having ever been in the Carson j
Guard. Then it goes on to say that
the old-timers P. D. Linville, Charley !
Na~h. Harry Hook, > T els and Andy Field,
Bixley, George Gan, Cailleau, E. C. Wells,
! J. C. Lane, Bodwell, Hiram A. Robinson, j
| John Glanz, Bailey, Clark, Oaks Erskiue j
and the old veteran Captain Douglass '
were never beaten. This is not so. About '
thirteen years ago a team from the Pacific j
Rifle Club consisting of shots from both !
sides of the bay beat them at Shell Mound, i
Myself. Colonel McKillican and Sheldon I.
Kellogg of this City were in the Pacific
team and we beat the old-timers at 200 and :
s<jO yards, ten shots apiece. On that occa- j
sionthe boys were so badly beaten that]
Captain Douglass felt pretty bad.
"Again, they said that we are all trained
match men. With the exception of Dave
Swain and myself, not one of our team j
ever shot in a match in his life, and some
of them were five point 3 shy of what they
always accomplish at practice. We are |
certain thai the men we shot against, in- |
eluding Captain Wittman, are, every one
of them, perfect gentlemen. They took !
their defeat with the best of good feeling:, ;
and we are sure they are not doing the j
baby act now."
BEAT THE CHINESE DOG
The Animal Has Been Trained
to Annoy Queue- Wearers on
the Streets.
Officer Mcore and W. E. Logan Figure
in an Exciting Scene on
Broadway.
Oakland Office San Franxisco Call,) j
90S Broadway, March 31. f j
The Chinese dog on Broadway created » '
sensation to-day, and had it not been for j
Officer Moore there would either have ;
l>een a Chinaman in the Receiving Hos
pital or a dead dog on the sidewalk.
For a lone time there has been a vag- !
rant cur on Broadway whose special ob- j
ject in life seems to be to annoy Chinese, j
There is no doubt that the dog has been !
"sicked" on the queue-wearers by the j
street gamins for some time past, and now
the animal is pietty well trained.
On many occasions the dog ha 3 worried '
the Chinese, and the policeman on the j
beat has frequently been called upon to j
I protect the objects of the canine's wrath, i
[ This afternoon a Chinese named Ah '
! Quong was passing Ninth street when the
dog attacked him. The frightened Chi
nese uanced and tried to run, but the doe '
jumped at his shaking garments and ,
buried his teeth somewhere in the rear '
of Quong.
W. E. Los;an was passing, and the
Chinaman tried to divert the attention of i
the dog from his own make-up to that of i
i Mr. Lo.an. After two or three attempts j
the dog let uc of the Chinaman and rushed |
at Logan. Just as the latter was about to ,
pull a gun on the brute Officer Moore !
came up. and after a couple of smart j
ulows from his club the animal slunk
away toward Franklin street.
Tlie dog has been a nuisance for months ;
and is a terror to every Chinaman that he i
sees. It is bardljr likely that he will come
back to his oia haunts for a few days.
A Dundee whaler, the Active, which
caught 9 whales, yielding 4}^ tons of
boae, on the Greenland grounds, cleared >
$30,000 by the trip, which gave 360 per ;
cent dividends, the largest profit made in !
the business in Dundee in 30 years.
Whalebone is worth f 10, 000 a ton in* Eng
land.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, APRIL 2, 1896.
A WALK-OUT AT
THE Y. W. C. HOME.
Four Young Ladies Say
Their Lives Were Made
Miserable.
A SCANDAL IS BREWING
One of the Lady Directors Says
the Girls Have Acted
Rightly.
NINE BOAEDERS DISSATISFIED.
Miss Myra Mylott Was Accused of
Giving Out Information to
the Press.
Oakland Office Sa>- Francisco Cali,,^
908 Broadway, April L j
"1 have been charged openly with being
responsible for the publication of the
troubles at the Young Women's Christian
! Association Home and my life has been
Miss Myra Mylotte, Oakland's Charity Club-Swinger, Who Led Yesterday's Rebel<
lion at the Young Woman's Christian Association Home.
[From a jihotograph.]
made most miserable by those who are
supposed to be our protectors, and finally
four of us left there this morning and have
secured quarters elsewhere. "What is more
there are others there who will follow us
in a short time."
Thus spoke one of the four when seen
by a reporter to-day. She was in a highly
indignant frame of mind regarding the
way in which she had been treated.
"Tnen upon all the other things," she
continued, "it has been told about that
we were charity boarders. The idea! We
have paid our board ever since we went
there, and paid well. It is a nice place to
live, but when you pay your bills you
expect to be allowed some privileges. It
is not at jail likely I would publish any
thing about a place where I was living, "is
it? The management is such as to require
an overhauling. Our former matron had
a daughter and knew how to treat girls.
The present matron has very peculiar
views, to say the least, regarding the sub
ject."
The trouble in the home has caused a
division among the lady managers. Bald
one of them to-tlay: "The girls came be
fore us with their complaints as a sort of a
I trial court and expected to secure some
! kind of justice. Instead they were ex
; pelled without any reference to what
others had done, wliich the girls them
selves admitted was even worse. Why,
tha Fabiola nurses were even tola to leave
the room while the others were expelled,
but they left immediately after because
they were equally guilty with the others.
"That appeared to irritate certain ones,
and these last four who left to-day were
made to feel that they were not wanted.
I know life was made miserable for them,
and can only rejoice to know that they
have left there.
"The whole story has not yet been told,
and when it is there will be a scandal that
| will stir things to the very center. I fear
it would be the downfall of the home or I
would tell it now. I ara in the minority,
however, and must await developments.
There have been nine girls who have left
the home since the trouble started, and
others are to foliow. I know of four who
have refused to enter since the trouble
arose, and others will hesitate to go there
j uutil it is settled.
Mrs. Anson Barstow, treasurer of the
association, thinks the whole thing has
been given too much publicity for a sub
ject that only affects the people who board
in the home. When seen last night ahe
said :
"The whole affair makes me laugh.
Sometime ago one of the girls had some
company, and the matron, not Knowing it,
turned the gas out in the iiall at 10 o'clock,
a rule all^ boarders know 13 strictly fol
lowed. When the young man started to
leave both were surprised to find them
selves in dark halls. The directors sat one
night until 2 o'clock in the morning listen
ing to a string of such complaints, but
decided that tne boarders had nothing to
complain of.
"Jlisfl Reta Mylott left this morning,
taking a number of the girls with her. Her
s;ster went, as she deemed it necessary so
as to keep an eye on t:.e younger sister.
Miss Mylott is a young, pretty and ex
ceedingly bright girl, and has been the pet
of the Home ever since it was opened.
She says she leaves because people outside
~ay the HonjC is a charity institution, but
it is not, as all must pay their share. Like
other young people, lull of life, she wants
excitement. Her sister, on the other hand,
did not want to leave, hut was forced to
do so that her sister should be protected.
Some time ago the girls petitioned the
directors to allow them to dance and play
cards in the home occasional*}-, but it was
refused, for fear that some of the Christian
ladies who are mtrons of the home might
be offended. We will get in as many as
leave, but we are sorry to lose those we
have. Especially is this true regarding
Miss Mylott, who is a general favorite
with all, as she is a leader among the girls
in keeping things moving."
The Misses Mylott were quite indignant
to think any one should say they left for
any reason except that, with others, they
were made to feel most uncomfortable.
Miss Reta said: "I left because things
were being made very uncomfortable, and
J
I wanted to get out before anything oc
curred that would bring disgrace on any of
the girls."
Her sister said: "I am very sorry we
did not leave the home some months ago,
as I wanted to do, but now we are away
and we will stay clear of the place, and 1
hope nothing more will be said regarding
it."
Miss Williams, the matron of the home,
refused to make any statement, saying
she was merely in charge, and all matters
of government shonld come from the direc
tors and not the matron.
PRIMARIES DEMANDED.
Alameda Republicans Will Meet To
>~ight and Oppose the Appoint
ment Plan.
ALAMEDA. Cal., April I.— A President
of the United States will be elected by the
Republican Club of this city to-night.
The members of the club are so eager for a
chance to get at the polls again that they
cannot control their enthusiasm, and that
is why a mock election has been ordered.
Every man whose name is on the roll
will be permitted to cast one ballot, on
the good old straight plan that was in
vogue before the Australians landed here
witn their blanket ballot system. Me-
Kinley is apparently a favorite candidate
with the Alameda Republicans. Other
leading candidates are Senator Perkins,
Governor Morton, Reed and John Sher
man.
It is suggested that, as the club has a
large rnembersnip and is made up largely
of men having an exceptionally good
knowledge of National political affairs,
the result of tne balloting will be a strong
suggestion of the Republican sentiment of
California.
A matter to be considered by the club at
the same meeting, and which "is regarded
as of more immediate importance than the
election, is the question of holding prim
aries. Many of the Republicans are anx
ious that the primaries be held. Conier
ence committees have been appointed, and
efforts will be made to have the primaries
on Saturday of next week.
"We should by all means hold pri
maries," said Captain E. A. yon Scbmidt
to-day, "and not permit the committee to
appoint a few men to represent us. If it
is necessary we will send a contesting del
egation to Sacramento, but we will en
deavor to bring about a reconsideration of
the action in the committee."
City Attorney Taylor is a member of the
Congressional committee. He is in favor
of holding primaries, and he says that the
reason of his voting against the primary
system was that the system had no chance
of prevailing in the committee.
ALAMEDA SALVATIONISTS.
They Will Erect a Large Tent
in Which to Hold
Services.
Alameda Ladies to Endow a Bed in
the Children's Hospital of
San Francisco.
ALAMEDA, Cal., April I.— Captain
Burke of the Alamoda company of the
Salvation Army is about to receive a large
tent, which is to be erected on a lot on
Central avenue, near Park street, and will
be maintained all summer as the meeting
place of the army. The Alameda con
quests have been many and conspicuous,
and the old meeting-room has been found
to be inadequate. The first meeting in the
tent will be held on the 9th. when Briga
dier Keppel and Major Halpin of head
quarters will take part. On this occasion
a farewell will be taken of Jack Frodsham,
one of the earliest converts the army made
in Alameda, who, with his family, will re
move to Washington.
A Cage Dlfimif)*ed.
ALAMEDA, Cal., April I.— A long
pending case of larceny ngainst Joseph
Carreau was dismissed this morning after
three continuances had been granted.
Carreau had been arrested three months
ago at the instance of J. Krebs and charged
wit fa the theft oi iron rods from the nar
row-gauge railroad shops at Alameda
Point. The invariable return cf the con
stable has been that the complaining wit
ness could not be found, hence a dis
missal was necessary.
Aluminum Hats.
ALAMEDA, Cal., April I.— Some time
ago Cordes hose company ordered an out
fit of aluminum hats from Cambridge,
Mass. They are found to possess many
points of superior! iy over the old-style
hat, among which are lightness, non-com
bustibility and non-corrosiveness. Now
Sherman company has followed suit, and
it will not be a great while till the whole
department is similarly equipped.
Police Business.
ALAMEDA, Cal., April I.— The police
made 45 arrests during the month of
March, of Which 12 were for drunkenness,
10 for violation of city ordinances, 8 for
vagrancy, 2 each for insanity, felony, di-
turbing the peace and truancy, and 1 for
evading payment of railroad fare. During
the montli lodgings were furnished 10
iudigents and 57 meals were furnished
prisoners.
An Operetta.
ALAMEDA, Cal., April I.— The Ala
meda Choral Society has taken up for re
hearsal the operetta "The Rose Maiden.'
The regular rehearsal ni^ht is Tuesday,
but next week it will be Monday, owing to
the musical engagement of the leader, E.
D. Crandall. The production of the opera
is fixed to take place some time in May.
Ten years ago there were 7000 lakes and
ponds "in Minnesota. One-third of these
are now dry, and the others are la r gely
shrunken in* area.
TO MAKE HIM LOOK SMALL
Mayor Davie's Dollar-Tax Levy
Must Be Spent at All
Hazard.
A POSSIBLE SURPLUS FEARED.
His Honor Makes Some Pointed Re
marks on the Financial Ability
of His Fellow Officials.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,)
908 Broadway, April 1. j
"There is so much money in every fund
from the dollar limit that some of the city
officials are risking their necks in their
efforts to spend it and throw discredit on
my figures," said the Mayor to-day.
The cause of Mr. Davie's remark was the
opening of bids last nieht for putting a
new ventilator system in the old High
School. The bids ranged from $6526 to
$3600, and the Mayor considers it just so
much money thrown away. More than
that, he says that politics are at the bot
tom of the new ventilating scheme and
that the work is not necessary.
The city expert recently prepared a
statement of the city" finances, which
showed clearly that there is more money
left to run the city for the second half of
the fiscal year than was used in the first
six months. The figures show that $349,
--300 has been spent and $376,912 lemained.
"Now, this proves that ihe dollar limit
is enough to run tne city if a reasonable
supervision is exercised over the various
departments," said the Mayor. "Now, it
is positively funny. Of course it is not to
De thought of for a moment that a Popu
list Mayor is to be permitted by a hetero
geneous mass of politicians, most of them
incapable ofbce-bolders, to run the city on
a dollar limit without a deficit. They will
make a deficit or die in the attempt. At I
present they do not know which way to turn
to avoid a surplus. The ventilation of the
old High School is just a sample. It will
waste about $6000 that was not in the esti
mate, but of course it will go.
"Last night another absurd matter
cropped up at the board meeting that
shows how stupidly the affairs of this
city are conducted. Bids were received
for workbenches for the Manual Training
School. Now, what in the world is being
done in the present Manual Training
School? W.ould it not surely be a com
mon-sense business proposition for tha
boys to make these benches? The present
methods are childish in the extreme.
Here the Board of Works advertises for
bids for workbenches and they will cost
$24 15 each. Any person with sense would
recommend that the pupils make them.
Tnere are all the necessary tools on hand
and a few dollars' worth bf lumber is all
that is required.
"April is now here and no schools or
reading rooms have yet been closed, as
was predicted six months ago. The city
never has been so economically governed,
and there is no argument that can be
raised against the dollar limit. But there
is money on band now and of course it
must be spent. How, matters not, so
long as Davie's rinanceering is belittled."
STRIKE OF A DAY.
The Alameda County Lathers Rapidly
Win Their Fight for More
Wages.
OAKLAND, Cal., April I.— Lathers
Protective Union, No. 1 of Alameda
county, won their demand for the adoption
of a n«w wage schedule to-day without
contest, as far as can be seen. The men
did not work to-day, as it had been agreed
before hand that it should be observed as
a holiday.
The union has within its ranks every
one of the thirty-seven lathers in the
county. Of the?e, ten are tirst class,
eighteen second class and nine bosses
Some month or more ago it notified all
interested that on and after April 1 the
wafje schedule would be raised so as to be:
Boss lathers, $2 a thousand ; journeymen,
$3 a day; bunch-handler.--, $1 75 per" thou
sand. Charles van Haltren says*
"We are enjoying a hoiiday to-day, and
will return to work to-morrow at the new
wages. We have no non-union men to
contend with, so every lather in the coun
ty is a member of our union. Our new
schedule of wages raises them on this side
of the bay to an equal footing with those
in San Francisco. Prospects are pood for
lots of work this summer, and with fair
prices we will get along finely. The largest
30b on this side of the bay now is at the
racetrack, and William Watson, the con
tractor, has already agreed to our new
schedule. The Builders' Exchanges here
and in San Francisco report that more
plans are being figured on this spring than
at any other time in the pa3t three years.
The architects are all busy on plans for
proposed buildings of all kinds and sizes."
Mr. Burke of the plastering firm of
Burke & Dixon said: "The lathers have
been working for from $1 to $1 25 a 1000,
which is no price at all. Every one had
sufficient warning of the raise in prices
and figured accordingly. The lathers can
Eat on an average of 2000 a day, which will
c making $4 for the boss, of which the
workmen will get $3 under the new
schedule. It makes no difference to plas
terers, as we charge that much more ou
our bids."
The officers of the local union are as
follow?: President, William Van Haltren;
vice-president, John Johnson; secretary,
Charles Van Haltren; treasurer, John
Condon; sergeant-at-arms, C. Mack; ex
ecutive committee— Mark Curtis. J. B.
Bowen, J. P. Burke, Jess Gleeth. Charles
Fox.
BOOTH'S RESIGNATION.
Salvation . Army Auxiliary League to
.Hold an Important Meeting
Next Week.
OAKLAND, Cal., April 1. — The
Auxiliary League of the Salvation
Army . will hold its first important meet
ing; at the Y. If. C. A. Hall in San Fran
cisco next Tuesday evening. The object
of the meeting is set forth in the following
i call, which was received to day by every
auxiliary member in Alameda and San
Francisco counties.
A meeting of the Auxiliary League will be
held in the Young Men's Christian Association
Hall, corner of Ellis and Mason streets, San
Francisco, on Tuesday evening, April 7, nt 8
' o'clock. . ;
This will be the first distinctly auxiliary
meeting held here for some time, and no effort
will be < spared to make it one of unusual in
terest. Our beloved leader of the work on the
coast. Brigadier Keppei, will be' present and
speak : also the general secretary, Staff Captain
Mclntyre, and others, and will meet the
Auxiliaries as a body on that occasion for the
first time. • '■ '■ .-.; . ' . "
You have hitherto, as a defender and sup
porter of the Salvation Army, helped us inucu.
and we feel that you will be deeply interested
to hear of , the progress of the army and its
work am one: the poor and also some, particu
lars ; of : the unfortunate resignation I of Com
mander and- Mrs. Booth. Your auxiliary pass
will admit you to this meeting, to which you
are v most cordially invited. ; 'You are also at
liberty to bring with you any friends who you
think would, be interested. ; Trusting that we
mar have the pleasure of seeing, you present
on that occasion, yours faithfully.
; Isabel Wise (Captain),
Auxiliary Secretary. >
Bowls, dishes and plates are made from
the hair of rabbits and other animals in
Russia. The articles are felted and after
ward varnished. These utensils have the
appearance of papier-mache, or varnished
leather, and possess the properties of being
strong, durable and exceedingly light.
Auction lee
FRISK W. BUTTERFIELD
WILL SELL THIS DAY, AT 11 A. M.
VARIETY STORE.
1304 Valencia St., Near Twenty -fourth
Nickel Showcases, Counters,
Shelving and a General Stock of a Variety Store.
THIS AFTERNOON, AT 2 P. 31.
ELEGANT FURNITURE
34 Eighth St., Near Market.
Handsome sso Folding Bed; Beautiful Chamber
Suit; Elegant Parlor Set: Finest Bedding;
Dining-room and Kitchen Furniture.
J*3~ Remember, Variety Store on Valencia street
sells at 11 a. m.. Furniture on Eighth street at 2
F. M.
FRANK W. BUTTERFIELD, Auctioneer. -
-■ 19 Montgomery street.
PAVILION AUCTION HOUSE,
THIS DAY, Thursday... April 2, 1896,
At 10:30 a. m., at salesrooms,
319-321 Sutter Street, above Grant aye.
: ... .1 WILL SELL'THK ...
Complete Furnishings of Three Private
Houses and Numerous Other Consign-
ments of Good*.
~. . . . CONSISTING 0P....
Two Upright Grand Pianos, Parlor Upholstery of
all grades, oil Paintings and Etchings, Bedroom
•Sets in Oak, Walnut and Cherry, Chiffoniers,
.Library Tables, Desks and : Bookcases. Foldinc-
, beds, Bedlounges. Mirrors of all kir.d<, Cheval
Dressing-cases, Finest Blankets, Sheets, Pillows
and Slips, Toilet Sets, Dining-room Furniture,
five Grand Ranges with all modern improvements.
I Agateware. Crockery, etc., and numerous other
articles bun useful and ornamental.
S. BASCH, Auctioneer.
CO-EDS AT BASKET BALL
Secret Practice at Berkeley for
the Great Match on
Saturday.
Greek Letter Fraternities to Present
Plays — Paul Revere Lodge
Was Honored.
BERKELEY, Cal., April I.— The Berke
ley Co-ed basket-ball team are ready for
their battle with the Stanford nine next
I Saturday. They have gone into secret •
! practice and are devoting their time and i
i attention to signal work and to giving
their muscles the hnal course of ex
ercise before they stand up against
the wearers of the cardinal. They
are ail on the gui vive, as are
j the other women athletes of the
i university, for the contest on Saturday
will be t*e first contest they have entered
for honors. "We have the reputation and
the athletic prestige of the university to
uphold," said one of the fairest members
of the team to-day, "and we are going into
1 the struggle with* the purpose of coming
i out victors. We realize the odds we will
! have to contend against in not being in as
I good training as we might, and then the
| Stanford girls are much more experienced
: than we. At any rate we will do our best,
J since we have accepted Stanford's chal
i lenge."
Two or three of the young women have
: the appearance of being overtrained,
judging from their pallid faces and worn
expression. This may be due, however, to
; anxiety over the result of the came. Tlieir
, new costumes consist of white sweaters
and blue bloomers with gold trimmings.
University Cotillon.
BERKELEY, Cal., April 1. — Great
preparations are being made for the post
lenten party to be given in Harmon
, , gymassrom on the evening of Friday,
I April 10. A committee of five, con
i sisting of H. P. Veeder, Stewart
1 Rawlings, Fred S. Knight, Alfred
t Williams and Clinton R. Morse, have
i the success of the affair in hand. It
i j has not yet been decided whether the
, ; party will be in the form of an assembly
or a cotillon, the latter, however, being
! most highly favored. The patronesses are
; Mrs. Martin Kellogg, Mrs. Ben Morgan,
i Mrs. John R. Glascock and Mrs. W. F.
, McNutt.
Nearly all the fraternity chapter houses
I will be thrown open for the accommoda- .
! ; tion of guests.
Theatricals at Berkeley.
BERKELEY, Cal., April I.— Two plajs
will be given at Shattuck Hall in Berkeley
next week by the university students. On
Wednesday evening the Delta Kappa Epsi
i i lon fraternity will give an original farce
; comedy, written by Raymond J. Russ '9ti,
• entitled "The Argonauts," to which 1000
i ! invitations have been issued. On Saturday
, '■ evening, the 11th, a travesty on Congreve's
I "Love for Love" will ba given under
. ' the direction of Instructor L. D. Syle of
the English department, as a benefit "to the
i ■■ athletic land and the English department
, library. The play will be given on the
• • following Monday evening also, in the
i same hall. A large number of tickets to it
i > have already been sold.
University Cotillon.
BERKELEY, Cal., April I.— University
■ society is looking forward with great an
| ticipation to the post-lenten cotilion to be
' given in the gymnasium Friday evening,
i the 10th inst. Those who have the man
, agement of the affair in charge are doing
i : everything possible to make it a glow
i ; ing success. Most of the Greek let
i ter fraternities will throw open their
I chapter-houses for the accommodation
s of guests, and a large number of invita
r tions have been sent out, chietiy to mem
• bers of the swell dancing cluba in San
i Francisco and in Oakland.
The affair is being managed by Howard
P. Veeder, Stewart Rawlings, Alfred Wil
liams, Fred S. Knight and Clinton R.
Morse.
Paul Revere Lodge Honored.
BERKELEY. Cal., April I.— The State
board of officers of the California State
i Council, J. O. U. A. M.. has appointed
Paolo Salisbury, the senior past coun
cilor of Paul Revere Council, chairman of
the State council committee on laws, and
the State councilor has appointed the same
deputy State councilor for General George
• A. Custer Council No. 22 of Oakland. The
Oakland council is the largest in the State.
Paul Revere Council has amended its by
laws so as to double the insurance, making
5 ! it $500 instead of $250.
1 A social will be tiiven by the local coun
■ cil to its members and their friends on the
. evening of April 11.
fc Lust I "»•» This Season.
; BERKELEY, Cal., April I.— The ladies
of the faculty gave the last of their series
, of monthly teas to the officers and students
| of the university this afternoon at Stile 3
! Hall. A much larger crowd of university
l adherents were present than at the former
i 1 receptoin. The purpose of these informal
I I teas has been; to stimulate a closer per
i sonal acquaintance and friendship be
twieen members of the faculty and the stu
; dents.
Death of Mrs. Morris.
BERKELEY, Cal., April 1. — Mrs.
, I Emma Bolser Morris of Cedar street died
'. ; at her home last evening, after several
; months of illness.
She was a member of Rebekah Degree
I Lodge No. 16, 1. O. O. F., of •which she was
! pas f . district deputy. Appomattox Corps,
, W. R. C, ana Rathbun Sisters, K. of P.,
. : will take part in the funeral ceremonies,
i which will be held from Fraternal Hall in
i Oakland Friday afternoon at 2 o'clock.
[ Suit to Recover Debt.
BERKELEY, Cal., April I.— The case
t | of Neihaus Bros. & Co. against J. K. Del
mas, a builder, of North Berkeley, was
heard by Justice Lord yesterday and de
cided in favor of the former. Neihaus
Bros.' suit was brought to recover $45, said
1 j to be due for lumber furnished to Delmas
1 I during 1893-94, and for work declared to
' have been done for the defendant at that
; time.
, United American Mechanics.
BERKELEY, Cal., April I.— On Sat- j
(JEO. F. LAUSOI, AUCTIONEER.
Office— 4lo Kearny St. ' . ,
THIS DAY
Thursday.. April 2, 1896.
At 11 o'clock a. m., on the premises,
323 Nineteenth Street, Near Valencia,
1 WILL SELL
THE INTERESTING, ANTIQUE AND MODERN
ARTICLES OF FURNITURE
Contained in the late residence of CHARLES R.
THORN-,
....COMPBISIXO....
1 Genuine San Domlnso Mahogany Secretary and
Cabinet Writing Desk combined, also Mahogany
Card Table, each over 100 years old; Imported Ax-
minster Carpets of rare beauty: Elegant Irish Ap-
plique Curtains; Costly Ornaments; 1 Walnut
Etagere; 1 Elegant Polished Oak Hall Hat Stand:
3 Handsome Carved Oak and Eastern Ash Cham-
ber Suits: Finest White Hair Mattresses and Mis-
sion Blankets; Dining-room, furnished . in oak;
Sideboard, Chairs and Extension fable en suite;
Extra China and Cut Glass Ware: 1 Quadruple
Mlver-plated Tea Set: Fine Table Linen, Covers
and Napkins; Kitchen Utensils; Improved Range,
with a great variety of other ar.lcles. " ■
Terms— Cash.
OEO. F. LAMSOX, Auctioneer.
m. J. SIMMS WFIOKO., we,
WILL SELL THIS DAY,
THURSDAY. April 2, 1896, at 11 o'clock a. M..
at salesroom, 105 i Market St., 'i Fire and Burglar
: Proof safes; Elegant Rosewood Case Upright
Piano; 2 Handsome Oak Bookcases and Writing-
desks: Massive Hairack and Etagere: 10 Oak,
Walnut and Cherry Bedroom Sets, with Clipper
and Curled Hair Top Mattresses; -Bed ix>unge and
Couches; Odd Bed; Bureaus and Washstan**;
Cooking Range; Carpets: Fancy Odd Pieces: Par-
lor Upholstery; Oil Paintings and Engravings:
Crockery and Glassware.
11. S. KOZMIN^KY. Auctioneer.
nrday evening, April 11. Paul Revere
Council No. 28, Junior Order of United
American Mechanics of Berkeley, will
iiive an invitation social to members and
their friends in American Hall. A musi
cal and literary programme will be ren»
dered and several of the State officers will
be present.
Intercollegiate Debate Postponed.
BERKELEY, Cal., April I.— The inter
colleKiate debate between the University
of California and Stanford has been post
poned from April 18 to April 25. It will
take place in Metropolitan Temple.
Success of the Creamery.
LIVERMORE, Cal., April 1. — The
first two weeks' work of the new cream
ery makes a good showing. The amount
of milk received has reached the 3000
--pound daily mark. The growth of receipts
by days is as follows : Marcti 16, 950 pounds ;
17. 1520; 18. 1770; 19, 1938; 20. 2140; 21,
2430; 22, 2645; 23, 2699: 24, 2714; 25, 2743;
28, 2745; 27, 28C0.
The Farmers' Union of San Jose has
placed an order for 100 pounds of butter
per week, and some Southern California
people have asked for prices upon carload
lots. Now Haywards wants a creamery,
and will take action at an early date to
call a meeting for the purpose of "organiza
tion.
HOTEL ABBIVALB.
EUSS HOUSE.
S McKenzie, Benlcia E Wright, Salt Lake City
F W Bidwell. Seattle G W Home, Mill Creek
A M stoltz, Tacoma A Bennion, Vernon
A R Bruit, Seattle O W Montelth, 8n Rafael
T J Smith, N Whatcom F X Sawyer, Gait
L H Sissions, Tacoma 31 X Miller. Oakland
\V R Todd, Tacoma W Pres on, San Hafael
A I) Mason, Nevada Cy J Simpson * w. Stockton
E G McPike, Grayson Mrs B Brown, Staßrbara
Mil on Hall. Sacto X L Kimland * w, Wig
W a Waugh <fe w, lnd J H Phillips, Holliater
Mrs B McMakiu. lnd A Farrington *m, SJose
Miss L Remley, Inrl O Clark, Lincoln
Mrs Daniel Kerr, lowa P R Snunders, Chicago
A A Travis, Lundy C Goodwin, Lakeport
Mrs A C White & d, lowa D Davidson, Phila
Miss L Kerr. lowa X Kerr, lowa
W H Griffith. Sacto J W Whann. Los Ang
II StellluK & wf, Davisvl F R Jones, Los Ang
J H Martin, Woodland S KUioutt, Seattle
.L A Richards, Grayscn C W Herrinicer, Vklab
L Butcher. l~kiah H A de Wolf, Irvinetoa
O J-mith. St Helena R Rockwell, Irvtneiou
E McGettigan. Vallejo F Stauffe. Sacto
J McGhee, Ore 11 W Morrison, Sacto
W I) ( lanssen, sansalito W V .Murray, sacto
A M Westlark, Sacto J R Edwards. Chicago
E Cherry. Santa Rosa C Hallan. San Jose
B F Gldding. Cal C J Brittan, Bakersfleld
<; W Bos-cs. Hollisrer DrJF Reed, Tulare-
M R Swf itzer, Capay J C Smith, Arroyo Grnd
DM i eeter, Liverpool \V Burnow, Grass Valley
J L German, San Berdno h G Little, Dixon
J D Wadsworth. 8 Rosa C J Nead. Santa Rosa
MasterWadsworth.Sßosa J Gleason <fc d, lowa Hill
Mrs W L Sullivan, Sacto WWCaaserlydtw,N«vC"y
PALACE HOTEL.
F E Trapp. N V S Strauss, Yokohama
3 M Mapes, Yokohama W L shea, N V
Miss Flulayson. Victoria A Falcock. Cambridge
H B Bristol, N V Mrs H B Bristol. N V
J Murdock. Mass Miss Henshaw, Mass
C Clark. Aurora M Sachs Jr. Reading
F A Cundill, Yokohama T Woolensteln A w.C'bgo
Miss Woolonstein. C'hgo Dr <fc Mrs C T Poore.N V
Mrs W Carpenter, N V S Lamson <fe w, Chicago
W Holabird, Los Angeles J Roguy <fc w.Syracuse
G S Patton, Los Angeles H S Dinkelspiel, N V
T P Spitz <fe w, N V E Baruch, N V'
J F SulHvan Boston v Rubetistein, N V
G E Van Woert, Chicago W B Cntting, N V
II Veeder <fe w. Chicago W BCutting Jr, N V
G Day <£ w. Hartford J Hamilton, Ceina
W Depledge, Kngland C D Smiti, England
C W Armour. N V Mrs A W Armour, N V
Mrs J H Camps, NY E Mccord. Chicago
Miss S Mccord, Chicago J s McCora, Chicago
0 Huber A w, lowa C M Cottrell <fe w, Detroit
Mrs D L Kenyan, N V F W Kenyon. N V
L J Nathan, Wellington J H Flickinger, San Jose
E F Gobel <fe w, Chicago Miss Gobel, Chicago
Dr Outhet, Chicago G Moore & w, 111
Mrs iiurnes, Chicago Mrs Duckworth, Ohio
Miss McCord, Mo ' Mrs J A Goldsmith, N V
Mrs J H McFadden, Eng Mrs J Howard. Eng
Mrs A G Bates, N V Miss A Bates, N V
W Hecht, Chicago
OBAND HOTEL.
O Lepper, Benlcia S N LaughUn A w, Cal
C F Merinit. Yolo W H Harris.TheGeysen
J P Maleville, Graa» Val WL Lindhard, Portland
W F Williamson, Cal G Pacheco. Ignacio
J R Hebbron. Salinas E R lUnekley, Oakland
E C Wein.stock, sacto A Jackson, Cal
Miss Andrews, Oakland P D Smitn, Sacramenro
Mrs Marlin, Oakland Miss Marlln. Oakland
G A James. Ix»s Ang Mrs G A James. Los Ang
D B BatohPlder, Napa J A Eale, Chicasro
H 1> smith, Kedondo BhCB Richards, s»n Diego
B W Smith, Or G B Lewis, Seattle
A LHart, Sacramento J F Clapp. Chicago
H o Wilson it w, Helen, H McMurchy. Syracuse
Nebr F F Pogue A w, Umkilm
A A Whiting. Chicago E J Cahill, San Mateo
A T Ross. .Sacramento Mrs Parker. San Jose
H Block, New York F G Jnckson, Los Gaioa
Mrs Jackson. Los Gatos Miss Jackson. Los Gatos
T Rocklln, Salem Mrs Rocklin. salem
J O Harrower, N Aimtin M Casey Jr. N Almaden
J Masters. Oakland J Smith, Oakland
G LBelther, Sausallto Mrs Belther, Sausalito
Miss Belther, Sausalito W H Harron. Thevtey3er
.1 Q Stracy, Brookville C G S stracy. Brookville C
Mrs O H Robinson. N V Miss F X Robinson. N V
Mrs H B Irwin, West Va MUs J Mark ham, W Va
F P Willis, Chkaco W B Harrison. Stockton
KArmstrong&w.Browsv J McCallan, Eureka
MrsHeintzman, Sausalito J Woodbrom, Sausalito
T W Wilson. Sansalito
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
John SSprague.Brooklyn D E Powell. Portland '
MrsM O'Brien. Miss »' M»rkle, Spokane
Mihs M Markle, Spokane MUs P Markle, Spokane
L M Swatman & wf, B C E J Miller, Alameda
A Peterson. Stockton C J Adams, Kockport
X 3 Nelson, Martinez W G rjurmon, Wood Isld
V B Robinson, MD.sac E W Troutt. Chicago .
J L Roderick, & c.stkn J M Ferry &wf .Sun Jose
E Men, Portland T B Bowling, Cincinnati
G Burns, New York F A Stevens, Montreal
B J Leslie, New Orleans ' J Thomas, St Louis
J W O'Mara, Sioux City W P O'Brien, Merced
M T Spencer, New York A B Seaman, Kansas City
T Brown, Los Angeles F Brown, Los Angeles
Mrs J W Smith. Chicago Miss M Stewart, Phlladel
E Dillon, Port Costa
LICK HOUSE.
II Elckhoff, San X ■ fa"l JT MorganAw.NevadaCr
Mis?Morean,Neva<iitClty R E Wilholt, Stockton
FASchneider.CollegePrk E Price, East Dubuque
W H AlcMinn, San Jose C W Lawler&w, Omaha
J X Morrow, Oakland J (' Davis, Hulsunvllle
HOA Oibbs, Brooklyn « D Hurst, >' V .
J A Kdman, Meadow ValD F. Knight, Marysvllle
11 s Bird, Sacramento H J Brown. Los Angeles
W Mills, Grub Oulch A I.ewine, N V
M Marks, Omaha JSBeckman, s»n Jose .
II S Powell, Chicago C i. Adams, San Jose
J L Wrißht. Stockton WBCahoon&w, Hedßlatf
M.lThompson.santaCruzH Walton, Oakland
T J Leonard, Cal
BALDWIN HOTEL.
C n Johnson. Sn Rafael G W Phelps. Ckah
J C Lynch, Cueamonga M Metzgle. Santa Cru»
J M Burns. NashVille G J Campbell, Vallejo
II Green, Chicago Mrs B Cooke, Chicago
J Collner <fe w, Bt Ptersb G Sage <* w, V S A
J lleighton. Boston C F carrethln. 11l
11 sieber, Indianapolis Mrs H sieber, lad
Mrs G stenby, lnd 1 Metzger, lnd
W a Kerr d: w, Colo B !' Barker, Llvermore
A G Eloaner. Baicersfleld H Chopps <fe w, N V
X S Merrick. N V E( 1 raves <fe w. 3 L Oblspo
J H i)f-nny. 111 . S A Hofinun, San Joae
X Rosenbaum, NY J H Ket-s, Memphis
Hiss J Seaman, XV J P Weller, Son Mateo
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
&3G»m> ii '~\"r"~~ KfiUblished
■nVB In 1534 for the treatment of Private
' Diseases. Lost Manhood. Debility or
«|^gj^^ disease wearing on body and mind and
U| Skin Diseases lbedoctorcureswhen
»^i H others fall. Try him. ChargM low
It'nrFiKuarantfrd. Callorwrlt*.
I>r. J. F. i.LUU'JS, Box lB57.SMjBwSoot
1314
'"" RELEASED FROM PRISON.
The Young "Woman Arrested in Male
. . Attire Allowed to Go,--
OAKLAND. CAL., March 31.— The po-
lice have • discovered that the young
woman arrested on Washington street last
evening for masquerading In male attire
had secured the new parments of S. Wal-
ters, who keeps a second-hand store on
Broad way.
The young woman made the change
from skirts to men's garments on the spot
with * lightning rabidity that astonished
those in the store.
She did not explain the object of the
chance and no questions were asked of the j
couple. She and her companion now j
claim to be married and were about to I
; start on a trip upon which she desired to j
travel as a man. The police have ar- :
raneed to net her women's clothes back, |
and after the change is made they will re-
lease her.
SAN FRANCISCO "CALL."
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco Caia—
710 Market street, open until 12 o'clock every
night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— S3O Montgomery street,
corner lav : open until 9:30 o'clock.
-339 Hayes street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
. 718. Larkin street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
SW. corner Sixteenth and Mission streets, open
. entll 9 o'clock.
■ ' 2518 Mission street, open until 9 o'clock.
: * • 116 Ninth street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
. NOTICE OF HUSTINGS.
CAIXFQHKIA LODGE No. 1. F. a
IS-t' and A. M.. will meet Tills A
{THCI^DAY) EVENING. April 2. at^S^
7 :;-.O o'clock. Stated meeting. By order of '^^A
.the Master. FRANKLIN H. DAY, Secretary.
m^ae* DORIC LODGE No. 216. F. AND il • j
BV^S' A. M., 121 Eddy St.— Stated meet- ML
In-TIIIs EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. Uy V V
order of the W. M. r^\
A. KRONBERG, Secretary.
*_—&= VERB A BtTKNA. LODGE 3^^
a---*' No. 15, I. O. I). F.-InlMation^^«Bsfe.
THIS (THURSDAY) KVti.VlXli;^^^ |
also official visit of the District Deputy 'I' l *'
Grand Master. Vlsitinc brothers are cordially in- i
vited. . E. G. HARRISON. N. G.
M. s. Jekfers Jr.. Kt-c. sec.
SPECIAL NOTICES..
ltEx* " w.^^ooirvi£xjP3 r k aekwe^l£ j jlkc>
»-*»■ ture, Loring Hall. Eleventh and Clay sis.,
Oakland, Friday, 3r,M,; admission 10 cents.
TJF^~~BA"fT TENANTS EJECTED FOR Si: !
■r»^ collections made, city or country. Pacific j
Collection Co., 418 Mont;y room 6. Tel. 5580. j
atrs= windows CLEANED AND FLOORS
" > -^ tilled, rensouable rates: payment for |
('Hrnurt^ i nnrantftHi. ('. KO^SI it CO.. V4t? sutfr. I
DiviUbNu notices.
CTS= AT A REGCLAR^MEETINfr OP THE
w-^ s^ Board of Directors of the California Wine '
Association. 'dividend No. 2, of !*1 "5 per share, was '
declared payable on and after March 31: books of !
transfer close Thursday, March 26. 1896.
H. VAN HKHCEN, Secretary. '
a MUATIovs \i AXTUD— FJC3IAL.K.
9 GERMAN COOKS DESIRE PLACE IN j
— boarding-house: chambermaids, waitresses, I
laundresses, -rirls of all nations awaiting; city or I
country. MME. LEOPOLD. 'JO Stockton.
I ADIES CAN SKCURK FIRST-CLASS HELP '
J-/of all nationalities by calling, addressing or
telephoning MISS en I. EN, 333 gutter st.
COMPETENT GERMAN WOMAN WITH A
V.' child desires situation: «rood cook: country.
Miss CCLLEN. 323 Hotter st.
S*" ITUATION WANTED B^ RELIABLE |
k yoiinc German woman to do lis;ht housework
or second work; wa«esi»2o: no objection 10 chil- '•
dren, Gall or -address 1313 Nebraska it., near
Twenty-fourth.
"I ADV-WISHES POSITION WITH ELDERLY !
XJ couple, small family, or would take entire '
rharce of widower's family: best of city references. '
Address c. 11.. box 47. Call omce.
"I\ANISH WOMAN WITH DAUGHTER 10
XJ years wishes position for general housework |
or housekeeping for widower; city or country.
Call 564 East Eleventh St., East Oakland; call 2
days.
"\IIDDLE-AGED LADY WISHKS LIGHT
-'A housework in family of 2 or 3; wages 58 to 510
a month ; no washing: Add. M. A., box 104, Call.
LADY PHYSICIAN WISHES POSITION AS
nurse or to travel with invalid; references ex-
changed. Address A. 8., box 92, all Office.
BY RESPECTABLE AMERICAN WOMAN,
to do cooking or general housework; good cook
and housekeeper; city or country; best of city
references. Call or address present employer,
' 2621 Finest.
WILLING . YOUNG WOMAN wishes any
»' kind- of work by the day; washing or house-
cleaning; $1 and carfare. Call or address 1014
York st., bet. Twenty-second and Twenty-third.
GtiRMAN GIRL WISHES SITUATION To DO
cooking and downstairs work. Call 3 Folsom
aye., bet. Seventh and Eighth, upstairs."
ATION WANTED BY A GIRL
vj for gpneral housework: references. Call 1331
California st. .-.-
RESSMAKER WISHES WORK IN DRESS-
X) niakint;-shop; all-round dressmaker: or will
. work in famlHe's.- 6.3 Howard St., bet. 2d and 3d.
. COMPETENT WOMAN WANTS WORK OP
j VJ any kind by the day: washing, ironing, house-
cleaniriK. MRS. ALLEN, 3531-. Minna st», near
. Fifth, rear. _^ "
, Y OUNG, RESPECTABLE GERMAN GIRLTO
• X assist or do genpralhousework in small family;
■reference if required. 1712 Eddy, above grocery.
■\TEAT, ELDER PROTESTANT WOMAN
. x> wants housework in nice family in the city;
; cpo<l plain cook. Call or address 1231 Market st.,
. roomlA, . : "
/"l I!:: WISHES SITUATION"; HOUSEWORK'
' ' and plaip cooking. Call or write A. 8., 153 i/ 2
Fifth sr, r room 15. V*
OMAN WANTS WORK BY THE DAY AS
»' laundress or housecleaning. Apply 43 Willow
aye., corner Folk.-
G.I RL~ WA NTS PLACE to ASSIST with:
J bousewortc: wages, 510 to $12. Address L. K.
: box V.5, Call Office^ ■ • .
8~~ Y~A ■ I HI., TO DO GENERAL HOUSEWORK
in small family : plain cook. Call 267 Minna.
MIDDLE-AGED WOMAN WOULD I7kE~A
ion. as housekeeper or take care of chil-
dren I^o7 Market St., room 24..
MIDDLE-AGED LADY WOULD LIKE POSl-
tlon as companion to old lady or in linen-room
of holt) : references, -Address or call 80S Lacuna.
CTRONG YOUNG' AMERICAN WOMAN
Owa-us woshinv, cleaning, moving by the day.
24 Verona, off Tnird. .bet. Fo!som and Harrison.
English gentlewoman understand-
X-d ing control of servants and general housekeeping
desires position as companion, housekeeper to eld-
erly lad oreen'tleman- or ido ver without fam-
ily: good '■•uei s"s. f< ruler, nurse or musician
Address Mr.-. M., box 162.- Call Office.
I/: KT-rLAs-s ))i;'i -sMAKKi:. JUST re"-
J turned trom the East, \vi»h»s a few more en-
gacemeuta; work rub ranted: reasonable prices
durinu remaining se.ison. 700 Ellis st.
GEHMAN Wiin.ii LIKE TO GET CIIAROi-:
of vineyard and '.vine.-cellaT; city or country;
with or wi'houi hiswi:e: can jrive good reference.
Address M. (*.;. box 48, this offlce.
Dl;. — M aki-.K. FIRST-CLASS, WISHES EH-
ca-'f me its by the day,' with machine, or -take
work at home; terms SI 25 a day. Call or ad-
dn-ss 465 a Minna st. ' :
VJ EAT "RESPECT ABLE GIRL WOULD LIKE
:u-t a home with young married couple; will assist
with housework for same. Please call or address
MISS NELSON. 509 Gough st.
\»' INCHES-] ■'.:)'. HOUSK, 44 THIRD ST., NR.
'» Market: 200 rooms; 26c to $1 SOpernient;
$1 . r io to $0 per week: convenient and respectable;
free bus to"and -from ih<- terry.
\TOUNO WOMAN DKSIRKS SITUATION:
X general housework: cltv or country. 90514
Powell st. - • /2
EHMAN GIItL WISHES A SITUATION IN
'» private family; city references Apply 1616
Eddy sj,
A NY; KIND OF SEWING WANTKD— FINK
. JV needlework, mci.dins:, children's work. 25
Hermann st., near Valencia.
EFINEI) YOUNG LADY, SPEAKING E NG-
llsh ami German, wants situation as nieht
nurse to children in institution' or family; refer-
; ences; experience. E. It., 339 Hayes st.
VOlJ.Nfi WOMAN wants WORK BY THE
." I day washing and housecleaning; $1 a day and
carfare. Address O. 8., box 322, Call Oflice.
A'O-UNG WOMAN FROM EUROPE WOULD
J like position for general housework; can do
plain American cooking: city or country. Address
letters E. W"., box 85. Call Office.
7Ti < fHM"AN~GIRLWISII"E"S A SITUATION FOR
IT upuairs work. all at 174 Clementina at.,
near Third, top floor, bet. U m. and '2 p. m.:
"I ADY wish is POSITION AS CASHIER IN
-i J restaurant or take care of children. 1 28 Tune.
STYLISH DRESSMAKER WISHES EN-
gagpmer.ts; $1 10 per day; eood fitt r: chil-
dren's work also: city or Oakland. Address W.
A., box 3.', this office. v ,-.
CAiUM.NIIK WOULD LIKE A POSITION
VJ in country on a■■ ranch: first-class references.
• Address c. < '.. box 67. all Ollice.
USEFUL MAN; FOR PRIVATE PLACE OR
- L-eneral house or* : is sober and industrious;
rpf«>ren«-< s I.. I>ox 72. Call OfUce- - - -», .
. SITI'ATIU.N . S"i ' A fTi::l) ~ M A R.
Ml POB AIX KIRDB OF WOREi I. \<;
l'l or short job, fnrni-hed ,on short notice by C.
K. HAXhEX & CO., 110 G«ary st. 1 Phone Grant,
185.
C. G. COOK'S SOC. SUPPLIES COOKS: ALL
. branchy :shorl not Ice.] •* Gear v. .ran: 4-j. ■
UNTKR & CO.. CHJNKSE AND JAPAN- •
esc employment office, 17 Webb «l. below
tenrny, bet. California and Sacramento: ; teL 231.
AND JAPANESE EMPLOYMENT
office; best help. 414^ O'Farrell; lei. E. 426.
SITUATIONS WAN TKl>— Continued.
~fTPA N ESE~ANrT CHINESE EMPLOYMENT
O office; best help. 3148 Sutter;- tel. Grant SO.
\\r ANTED-B V INDUSTRIOUS .' AMERICAN,
• » 30 yearn; no trade; has worked mostly in ho- ;
tels, restaurants, bakeries, etc.. for 7 or 8 years,
here in city; good English people preferred. Ad-
dress O. X., box 1. this office. .
ENCH COACHMAN, UNDERSTANDING
j " the care of horses and cows and also a good gar-
I dener, desires situation in an institution or private
family: ■ has . best • of references. • Address L
PIEItRE, 861 Aiarsetst. -
VO'.'Ni; MAN, SPEAKS ENGLISH. FRENCH
' 1 and Spanish, '2 years' experience in the groc-
| cry and butter business and 1 year barkeeper busi-
■ ness desires pos iiion; references. Address P. V..
! 230 Montgomery aye.
OY WANTS PLACE WHERE HE CAN GO
to school and work for board morning and
I evenin;: can give references. Address Boy, box
j 117. Call. . . ■'-■.
SWKDE, 33, WANTS WORK AS PORTER IN
wholesale house or saloon, or any other kind of
i work : references. F. HELLS ROM, 845 Mission.
I ~IJOYri7, WANTS WORK; PRINTING OR
i> wholesale house preferred ; reference. 406 Bos-
worth st. . • . , . !
pOACHMAN — YOUNG EASTERN MAN
v^'wisaes situation, in gentleman's place: thor-
oughly understands his business; years of New
York city references. Address Coachman, 12 Sac-
ramento st., S. V.itgwfMfig&f' ■ .■■ s ■ '
' SITUATION WANTED AS ASSISTANT BOOK-
■ O keeper. collector, stock clerk or driver of deliv-
ery-wagon; long experience in this city good ref-
erences. Address G. U., box 149, Call Office.
: , -KN TLEM AX.MARR I ED~IIKQUIRES SIT-
-1 nation: long business experience and some in
educational and literary work: of good address:
writes' aud speaks well: is a total abstainer; quali-
: fied for such position as caretaker, librarian, secre-
taiy, etc, : character, habits and references satis-
factory. X. X. X., box 64, this office.
! pOACHMAN, YOUNG, SINGLE, Al REFER-
VJ euces . wishes situation: city or country. Ad-
' dress W. R., box 72j this oflice. ■ ■- ■ '
ANDY MAN WANTS WORK: UNDER-
stands the care of horses, cows and garden:
zood plain cook. Handy, 12 Latonast., South San
Francisco.
EXPERT STENOGRAPHER, TYPEWRITER
and mimeograph operator, also good teleg- .
rapher, wants position. Address P. D. Q-, box 125,
Call. ;--:-• t I ■' . ; ■■-
HOUSE-PAINTER, FIRST CLASS IN ALL
its branches, desires employment in hotel, In-
i stitution or private party: In last place 3 years,
j city hotel: willing to work cheap if steady cm-
i ployment can bo given; city <r country. Address
A. PAIN 1 Lox 126, Call Office.
youxc; Danish couple, man AND wife,
X with good reference as cook and all-around
| man. wants position on a ranch or private place. !
Address 121 l\ a Bush st.
RESPECT ABLI<; SWEDISH MAN WISHES
situation in private family as gardener; good
driver and milker. First-class references. Ad-
dress B. B. S., box 77, Call Office. ; , .;.
• yOUXU MAN WISHES SITUATION AS
! -L driver of delivery wagon: well acquainted with
; city; good' references; steady and reliable. Ad-
| dress Driver, box 101, Call.
I BK B, INDUSTRIOUS MAN WITH FIRST-
-0 class Eastern and San Francisco references
I wishes situation as coachman and gardener. Ad-
! dress c. G., box 137. Call. I
wantl;d-by'young man, POSITION AS
: m collector or driver of delivery waeon; best of
I references. Address M. L., 26 Harriet st»
j WANTED— BY A STEADY. MIDDLE-AGED .'
■ '• man, position to care for horses and garden; j
I thoroughly understands his business; can milk
and make himself useful; best of city references.
I Address A. 8.. box 52. this office. ■ : !
' SITUATION WANTED BY POOR, HONEST
i~ workingman as man about place or work by
', day: can do painting, whitening, drive, care for
horses, assist in store or shop, or any other kind
01 worK. Address K. 11.. box 84, Call Office.
SI'EAUY MAN WISHES POSITION AS POR-
t-r in store, wholesale, or factory, assist In large
grocery store, collect installments, or any work;
' some s« curity if required : wages $8 per week. Ad-
dress M. J. F., box 1 5, Call office.
ELIABLE MAN, WHO IS FIRST-CLASS
, XX driver and fair gardener, wants situation
; around private place: handy with tools and can
make himself generally useful. Address G. D.,
box 137, Call Office.
: SITUATION WANTED— GERMAN: GENER-
-1 O ally useful; good horseman; understand gar-
! den; can milk; city references; moderate wages.
I P. M., 2020 Point Lobos aye., San Francisco.
EXPERIENCED BLACKSMITH, STEADY
! Xj and industrious young man, wants a situation
i in city; is also a fiist-class driver. Apply 1318
Turk st.
: ANTED— A YOUNG STEADY GERMAN
'» man wishes a situation; understands the care
'• of horses, carriages: can milk. Apply p. WIEBE,
i care of Golden West Hotel, San Francisco.
■ yOUXG GERMAN WANTS a good POSI-
, X tion of any kind; good worker. H. T. PEN-
| NEB, Golden West Hotel. .
j T'IRST-CLASS MAN WANTS SITUATION;
i X I teaming or any other work; thoroughly under-
i stands handling and care of horses. G. 8., box 96,
, Call office. . . ■ - - ■ ■...•„>.?-:,•'
TV I AN AND WIFE WANT WORK ON RANCH:
i'l man first-class farm hand and bandy with
• tools: wife is a good cook. Address W. G., box
122. Call Office. -
' lEMAU HELP WANTED.
SCIIA>IBERMAIbsV SPRINGS AND RE-
sorts,?2o; apply early. MURRAY & READY,
! 634 Clay st.
pHAMBERMAID. ASSIST WAITING, COUN-
; -VJ try resort, $20; call early. MURRAY &
READY, 634 Clay at.
; t AUNDRESS. COUNTRY HOTEL, 520. MUR-
■ : J J KAY & READY, 634 Clay st.
pHAMBERMAIDS AND, WAITRESSES
' ; V. wanting to go to springs and summer resorts
■ call and register. M URRA V & READY, 634 Clay.
1 WAITRESS, COUNTRY HOTEL, $20, FARE
I »» advanced; ironer, hotel, $25; head waitress,
country hotel, $30: ; cook, summer resort, $35;
• waitress, resort, $-0; waitress, city, $20; German
1 infant nurse, $20; second girl, country, $25; Scan-
j dinavian and Gorman girls for housework, city
land country. $25 and 520. C. R. HANSEN &
,j CO., 110 Geary at.
IKST-CLASS STARCH IKONER FOR CITY
hotel, $25 and room; first-class waitress, city
I notel, $20; chambermaid and waitress, city hotel,
1 ' $15: arm waitress, restaurant, $3 a week: wait-
' I ress, small dinine-room, $12: first-cless waitress,
j country hotel, $20. C. R. HAN-SEN <t CO., 110
Geary st.
a GERMAN GIRLS; GENERAL HOUBE-
T' work, country, $20; German cook for country.
■ 990; 3 German girls for children's nurses, $15-
-i German and Scandinavian girls for city, $20: neat
i young girl for general housework, city. $25: Ger-
i man cook for city, $20. C. R. HANSEN & CO.,
• ; 110 Geary st.
j WANTED— WAITRESS. RESTAURANT, $6
•I »» a week: French chambermaid and seamstress.
i 1 $2."i: French and chambermaid, $25- girls
for SamaCruz and Stockton, $20; Calis O"'a call
• i early, $15; Belvedere $20; nice girls for second
J work and plain washing, $20. LEON ANDRE
315Siockton st. •
; ; \\rANTEIJ^pXSTRY^COOK, HOTEL, $25; 4
, I »" cooks In restaurant's and boiirdlng-hoiices, $25
; • $35: German or French second girl, $20; Prot-
: estant nurse and second girl. $20: ranch cook, $'.•(),
I and girls for cooking and housework, in city and
' j country. .1. F. CHOSETT & CO.. 312 Setter st.
; W ANTED— I OR SCOTCH COOK; PLAIN
»» wa«h: $30; American family. J. F. CRO-
, : SETT C >.. Suttee st. :.:
1 pOOK.'I.V.STITUTION, 830; COOK. CLUB, $35-
-. I VJ laundress, $25 10 $30: nurse,' s2o to $25; sec-
. [ ond girl, $25: seamstres", $20: chambermaid and
' 1 laundress. $25; 20 housework girls, city and coun-
' ; try. $20 and $25; 6 young girls to assist, $10 to
j $15. MISSCULLKN, 3-3 Sutter.
i pEFINED WOMAN WITH A CHILD, $15 TO
; Xi ' $-20: good place. MISs CTJLLEN, 323 Sutter.
\\ • llTB Esses.B7 A WEEK; WAITRESSES."
; '» $6 a week : waitrps«>s, $5 a week ; waitresses,
. { *4 a week; waitresses, $20 and room; waitresses.
, 1 $15 and room: cook, Angels Camp, fare paid: cook,
I small restaurant, city; cook and laundress, family
; 3. 825, city. MA I'.TlN's Emp/Agency,749 Market
. O GERMAN SECOND GIRLs7S2O: COOK, $25-
-: — 4 Swedish house clrls, $ 0 and $25; house girl,
' Oakland, $20; 4 girls, couu-to'. $20. Apply 315
. sutterst, . : .
; 'ANTED-25 GIRLS AT MME. LEOPOLD'S
i » » 20 Stockton st.
j \r ANTED-FIRBT-CLASSCOOK FOR SMALL
i »' family in country; must be young and capable
i of doi-.g general housework; required.
. I Call 2298 Sacramento St., Thursday morning be-
! fore 1 1 ; wages $25. . . :
RELIABLE LADY FOR PRINTING AND
publishing DOOM, take Orders, collect, book-
• 1 keeping, etc. ; state salary and qualifications.- P
■ ; 8., box 7. Call Office.
RESPECT A BI.E GERMAN ELDERLY LaDY
to keep house for orphans: good home and
■ | small wages- Address R. P.. box 109. Call Office.
Ur AXTKD--WOMAN TO DO LIGHT HOUSeT
work and take care of small child during l the
1 ! day only, Call at 15iy 2 Fair Oaks st. : •.
EXPERIENCED LADY PRESSER ON La"
dies' ard gents' clothing. . 11 Fair aye., Twen-
ty-eighth and Valencia sts.
' /'CHRISTIAN LADIES WANTED AT ONCE'
' "> of good sound judgment. Address C. L., box 33*
I Call Oflice. :. -.•:,: ...
|/-<IKL FOR GENERAL HOUSEWORK
j VJ plain cooking; $15. 8 Howard court, 1 to 4 p.m.
! j /IF.H M A N OR SCANDINAVIAN GIRL, GKN-
! \J eral housework, in Belvedere. 1109 Bush 9
to 12 a.m. -■.. -:,
: yOU.NG GIRL TO ASSIST AT HOUSE-
, X work ; wages 12 to $15. 607 Fell st. S- . ;
GIRL TO ASSIST AT HOUSEWORK AND
cooking: $10. 1713 Geary st. .... .
GIRL FOR HOUSEWORK: SLEEP HOME.
, Inquire, after 11 a m, 1308 Mission store.
j / j ERMAN LADY.TO TAKE~cXre OF BABY
VJ during the day. 119 Tur.: st.
OTA I loi: i -:sses~ WANTED ON CUSTOM
I — coats. 1934 MiKslonst. •
FINISHERS ■■• AND.-.-: APPRENTICES ON
J pants .1028 Market St., second floor. .V- '
) L' I UST CLASS FINISHER .ON -- PANTS 161 '
, r Tebamast. : - • ,- , • ■-- - .. , .-:-"_.:
W ANTED-GOOD TAILORESS.ON CUSTOM
II coats. ' 18 Hus3 st. - : i:
a~nte"d-good -TAILORESS and but-
ton hole- maker. : 436 Sixth r. ;
c.... . -. . -
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, APRIL 2, 1886.
'■■_ PFTJ .WAIiTED-ContlnmMt. '■
ANTED— 2 EXPERIENCED LADY CHRIS.
II tian workers. Apply J., box 134, Call Office.
W ANTED-YOUNG GERMAN GIRL FOR
II housework. 515 Ellis st.
p ERMAN OR SWEDISH GIRL; CHAMBER-
VJ work, sewing '■ and ■" waiting: must have city
references. Call 9to 12, 1238 O'Farrell. - :
GIRL ASSIST GENERAL HOUSEWORK. 20
VJ Albion aye., bet. 16-17, Valencia & Guerrero.
WANTED— SMALL GIRL": TO TAKE CARE
II of children. Apply 1835 Bush st
YOUNG GIRL TO ASSIST IN LIGHT HOUSE-
X work. 139 Fifth si.
NEAT YOUNG GIRL, GERMAN PRE-
-»-i ferred, to do light housework in family of 3.
2319 a Pine st.
HAIRDRESSINO, 25c AND 36c: MORNING
and eve classes; 101essons,$l 60. 1248 Mission.
OPERATORS :ON . OVERALLS. : LEVI
STRAUSS & CO., 32 3 Fremont st.
r \ RESSMAKJ NO, ■ cutting and - FITTING
XJ taught; new styles: perfect fitting patterns
■ 25c up. MCDOWELL Academy, 213 Powell st,
I?>IRST-OLASS SKIRTMAKERS: NONE BUT
X firstrclass need apply. 504 Sutter st.
A PPRENTICES TO LEARN DRESS CUT-
■c*. ting and making. 14 McAllister, rms 67 and 68.
WINCHESTER HOUSE. 44 THIRD, NEAR
II Market— Electric lights in very room: 200
i rooms: 25c to $1 60 per night; $1 50 to $6 per
i week: tw»e bus to and from the ferry. :■ . : »
MOST CONVENIENT AND RESPECTABLE;
Winchester Hou^e. 44 Third st., near Market:
200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 per night: $1 50 to $0 per
week: free bus to and Irona the ferry. • .-, -
]'. A WRENCE PATTERN HOUSE—
J c-utt-n? school. 1231 Market st-.oet. Htli «-n<l 9th.
jiale help WANTED.
Brick^mouTder7!»3 a^dXt' a^d^found-
-1 carriage painter, $3 a day; boy to work In ma-
chine shop; 3 wire-nail operators, $2 50 a day.
MURRAY A READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
TEAMSTER, FOR MOUNTAINS, *30 TO $40
X and found: charcoal-burner, $1 50 a day. MUR-
RAY A READY, 634 aud 636 Clay St. .
"I f\ TIE-MAKERS FOR A LARGE COMPANY,
-IV tools furnished; 4 woodehoppers; 4 shingle-
bolt makers; 4 box bolt makers, and ether places.
M'*kra V it READY, leading employment agents,
634 and 636 Clay st. -
f?X MEN CAN OBTAIN WORK TO-DAY I
yj*J from $15 to '$90 per month and found at
MURRAY & READY'S, ■ leading Employment
Agents..
x waiters for first-class hotels
*J and boarding-houses, $25 an.l $30; 3 dish-
i washers, $20. MURRAY A READY, 634 aud
| 636 Clay st. .
6 COOKS, $30, $40 AND $66; IRONER, $30; I
baker, country hotel. MURRAY & READY,
634 and 636 Clay st :
4 MILKERS, $20 AND $25: BUTTERMAKER; I
. j: cheesemaker: farmer and wife; 3 scraper-
| sters; chore-boy for rancu. MURRAY & READY,
i 634 and 636 Clay st. •
i \\~ ANTED— MACHINIST FOR COUNTRY,
i »' 45 and board ; 2 farmers and wives, $35 to
| $45; swampers. $20 and found: Swiss farmer $15
I to $20; pastry baker, $2 day, and others. Apply J.
F. CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacramento st.
0 WAITERS, SAME COUNTRY HOTEL, $30,
■£ C. R. HANSEN <fc CO., 110 Geary sU
FOREMAN FOR A BOX FACTORY, $3 SO A
X day: saw-filer, country sawmill, $70 and found,
j s?e party here. C. B. HANSEN & CO., 110 Geary.
WONTED-ENGINEER FOR FLOUR MILL
I '• in country: $2 50 per day. W. D. EWER&
j CO.. 626 Clay st. ■ ' -.
! IV ANTED— BAKER FOR COUNTRY HOTEL, j
; '» $30; also milkers, farmers, cooks, waiters
I and dishwashers. W. D. EWER & CO., 626 Clay.
lIVE SOLICITORS FOR NEW AND HIGHLY
J profitable proposition; accident, health and iife
insurance. Call bet: 3 it 5 p. m., or address Fidelity
j Mutual Aid Association, 316 California, room 18.
j BRIGHT BOY TO GO ERRANDS IN EX- I
I l-» change for thorough course of shorthand and
i typewriting: position when competent. Address
j Reporter, box 122, Call
\ W ANTED— IN a COFFEE FACTORY a boy
j »i broken in to make bags, fill and help all \
I around: state wages wanted and references. Ad-
| dress Coffee, box 109. Call Office.
jl3 ELI ABLE ADVERTISING SOLICITOR i
iAt wanted; first-class references required. Co- I
| operative Pub. Co., 12 Montgomery st., room 12.
GOOD FINISHERS ON CUSTOM PANT?;
steady work. GUS RELL, Murphy building,
j room 81.
OPERATORS AND TAILORS WANTED ON
ladies' suits and jackets; power used. KAHX
BROS., NE. Twelfth and Washington sts.,Oakland.
; fir ANTED— GERMAN OR FRENCH MAN, AS
j 'I porter; must understand to take care of horse
; and wacon; on a clean, honest man need apply.
Address A. A., box 125, Call Office.
Vy ANTED— BOOTB I . TO ACT AS POR-
I '» ter and shine shoes In shoeshop; wages $14 a
| month and board. Call bet. 9 and 12 a. m., 562
Mission st.
I pOATMAKERS WANTED. APPLY AT 11
V/ A. M. at Golden ..Gate aye. entrance to
CHARLES LYONS, London Tailor, 1212 to 1218 i
i Market st.
i Q GOOD SHOEMAKERS WANTED AT 959
| <-> Howard si.
ANTED — A GOOD DISHWASHER. 43 I
II second st.
pHOREMAN; GO' D SWEEPER. NEW
VJ Waldo House. 765 Mission st.
BO* TO I.EARN TRADKOF PANTSMAKING.
IU2B Market st., second floor.
GERMAN SH OEM A KEK WANTED ON RE-
pairing. 3423 Mission st.
COMPOSITOR THIS MORNING. R. R. PAT-
) TER-ON'. 429 Montgomery st.
i I DUCATED L A D 1 AND GENTLKMKN TO
j XJ solicit. PUTNAM Sons, 105 Murphy building.
Vf AN WHO UNDERSTANDS JOBBING, GAR-
i lli- denlng; $15 month. Flllmore mid Haight sis.
| pOOK. MAN OK \V( IMA N. CALL 407 MASON
VJ st., in rear, at 8 o'clock.
| WANTED —AN EX PERIKNCED COAT-
' | 1 1 maker. Apply 26 Seventh st.
EX P R I ENCJED KITCHENMAN WHO UN-
. Hi derstands cooking. 2013 Folsom st.
OOTBLACK WANTED AT 2 SEVENTH
street. •
GOOD BARBER: YOU Nil MAN;EXTRA AND
Saturday and Sunday. 3339 Mission, opp. 30th.
j \fff ANTED, BARBER— GOOD OPENING FOR
j ' barber-shop. 21 Ninth St., near Market.
J-OR SALE-BEST 3-CnAIR BARBER-SHOP
in city: cheap. Address A. B. C., box 85, Call.
A D- PARTNER WITH $500 AT LEAST
»» for good paying business. Inquire, Sundays
only, 29&5 Telegraph aye., Oakland.
I qt(*(\ A MONTH AND BOARD; . MAN OR
• , •JTUV/ woman as partner; 8160 required' full
! value; no trifles. 873y 2 Market st., room 2.
BARBER WANTED TO BUY ELKGANTLY
fitted up. barber-shop; best possible business
street; N. and within a few doors of Market st. M
1 LESS & CO., 7831/2 Market st.
\\r ANTED- MAN WITH $100, AS
II partner in light business; good wages made ■
. STANLEY, 21 Vi Third St.
BEST IN CITY— SINGLE ROOMS. 15, 20 A ND
25 cents per night : $1. $1 25, «1 50 per week.
; Pacific House, Commercial and Leidesnorff sts.
WANTED- LA BORERS AND MECHANICS !
II to know that Ed Rolkln, Reno House pro) rie- i
tor, still runs Denver House, 217 Third at.- 150 i
large rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $3 per week.
BARBER-SHOP FOR SALE; GOOD LOCAL-
ity for Italian or Frenchman; trial given. '525
Pacific st. ■
BA I BER-SHOI 1 FOR SALE CHEAP; SICK-
; JJ ness. DECKELMAN BROS., 106 Ellis st.
GIENTLEMAN DESIGNER AND OPERATOR
VJ on ladies' cloaks, suits and capes : must apply
at once. United States Industrial Agency, room
167, Crocker building. " \. ""
, \XTANTKD-^MAN. IN A WINEHOUSE, ACT
I II as a barkeeper and salesman: married man '■
, i with good city . references preferred; must speak i
German. Address *. G., box 125, Call Oflice. ; v >
KEI.IABLE PARTN!R WANTED, WITH '
' $500 cash; can make you $500 a month;
straight legitimate business; no scheme. Address
• W., box 16. Call Office. . :
\\T ANTED — IMMEDIATELY, , UPHOL !
■ ''sterer and carpet-layer; established business-
• small capital requIred.PROLLALLOYD.7I9 Markt ,
PARTNER " ANTE D— CITY ; ~GOO D" OPE N- I
X ing for bright man; small capital. Inquire 60 i
Third St., room 2. :
W~V YOUNG MAN TO LEARN BAR- I
, ber'a trade. 427 San Pablo aye., Oakland.
\\' ANTED - GOOD PIANO - PLAYER FOR
II Sundays. Neckhaus Garden. Fruitvale. " ;
"I A MEN TO COMPLETE PARTY GOING TO
LV Alaska gold fields: «150 capital nquired. :
Particulars at saloon N E cor. Eighth »nd.Mi»rket; '
L'IXK MONE"V*"-M A KING . OPPORTUNITY
X for live man with $60 cash. F. m., box 69, Call.
i VirHAT CHhiER HOUSE, 523 SACRAMENTO
*' St.: 200 rooms: best in the city sing rooms
20 and 25c a night, 81 a w«»ek: meals 10c. ;
\t E N ' S SOLES, 50c; HEELS. 25 C: DONE 15
lix minutes, while you wait. -. 635 Kearny st. •
} ii' A N TE D- BO Y S ~TO learn BARBER
■ II trade; only 8 weeks required; tools and posi-
-1 tions furnished; reasonable terms b- calling this '
; week catalogue mailed. San Franoisco Barber I
School, 1515 Howard st. .
1 A PPRENTICE, FROM 16 TO 20 YEARS OF
/1 age: good chance to learn candy trade. 706
, Valencia 5t. "... __.- : - , ;
SEAMEN FOR AUSTRALIA. ALASKA. !
0 Honolulu. >10 Steuar; st., upstairs. .;■ : .«
IJAHBER-CHAIRS, SECOND HAND, $10 TO
I *-» 815; send for list; 10 per cent discount on ail i
I barber-coats for a short time onIy.'DECKELMAN
• BRO!j -' Barber-supplf House, 106 Ellis st. . :^: - :
|. RING YOUR WATCH OR CLOCK I O DEUSS
I > expert watchmaker. 126 Kearny st., room 14-
-beat work at half of store charges. :'
■ALASKA GOLD FIELDS. •, ~~ [ " ~~'
■TV The fat sailing clipper schooner Sophia Suth- '
■ erland, built in 1889, will sail from San Francisco
for Cooks Inlet direct on April 15. weather permit-
■ ling, taking a limited number of passengers. For •
further particulars" apply to FRED HOLMES,
fcShipbroker and Agent, 506 Battery st. . ; ': t m\'j}
1 ( 10 ME^n Tv : TAKK LODGINti AT 10c, 15c
£»V» and 20c a nl « nt « Including I coSea I and rolls.
624 Washington at., near Kearny. : . ■■-• .•-.-'.■
•:,.■;■
1 HELP WANTED— Continued. -
"I3ARBERS* PROTECTIVE UNION^EMPLioY^
i* inent secretary. CONRAD TROELL. 657 Clay.
AKBEHfS-FOR EMPLOYMENT CALL SEC-
XJ re'arv Barbers' A bso.. 325 Grant aye, S. FUCH&
BARBERS' ASSOCIATION OF CAL. EMPLOY-
; menu Secy, P. C. Hamann, 2 38 3 O'Farrell.
BEST MEAL ON EARTH; WELL COOKED; 8
XJ courses. 10c, at Seattle Restaurant, 137 Fourth. ;
"view Waldo house. 765 mission, bet! i
Xl 3d and i— Single furnished rooms, night 15c
to 50c; woek 51 to $2 50; clean, quiet reading-room:
strictest attention to morning calls; open all night.
"I ) EST PLACE IN CITY FOR SECOND-HAND
1J shoes: great reduction on account of other busi-
ness. 129 Sixth st. - ; ;\ .';-■>/
\y ANTED— COLLECT WAGES DUE
" laborers and clerks. KNOX Collection Agency,
110 Sutler si. • : -'- 1 :r -
WK ARE SHOE DOCTORS; WE REPAIR
1 1 your old shoes and make them as good as new,
and with our new machines we can do your work
at one-half the usual price; dune while you wait.
662 Mission st., between First and Second sts.
OSEDALE HOUSE, 321 ELLIS ST. : ROOMS
20c to 50c night; $1 to $4 week: open all night.
\| EX TO FEED MANHATTAN STOCK FOOD;
■I'l all grocers keep it.
MEN'S SECOND-HAND SHOES, SOME
-ITX nearly new, 25c to $1 25. 662 Mission.
LCUO HOUSE,. BB3Va MARKET ST.—
Rooms 20c, 25c. to 50c. night; $1 to $3 week.
•\ JEN'S V2-SO LING 50c: LADIES' 40c; DONE
■nx while you wait. 638 Market, opp. Palace Hotel.
T>ATTO'S LAW AND COLLECTION AGENCY
xi/ Prompt collections: references. 512 Montg'y.
W IX CHESTER HOUSE. 44 THIRD ST.. NEAR
» 1 Market; 200 rooms, 25 cent 3 a iilglu; readin^-
room: free bus to and from the ferry.
C* 1 TO $4 PER WEEK: 200 SUNNY ROOMS;
tjpx large reading-room. New Grand, 246 Third.
\\r ANTED— MEN TO GET BOTTLE SHARP
11 steam beer. sc; bottle wine. sc. 609 Clay st. .
TjiREE BEER-TWO SCHOONERS FOll> 6c;
X also a hottl »of lager. sc. at 637 Clay st.
rruiY acme house, 9i>7 MARKET ST., be-
■l low Sixth, for a room: 25e 11 night: $1 a week.
"IV" A N I ED-SINGLE ROOMS, 15c A DAY: $1
» » week; rooms for two, 23c a day, $1 60 a week;
reading-room: daily papers.' 36 Cl'av st. - ;
m *^^— " —^*™ — »»^ — i^^— ■ «^ — —
AGENTS "WANTED.
T7"MPLOYMENT: EASY WORK: LUCRATIVE;
lady or gent: $1 60 earns $1 60dally. 206 Fifth.
(CANVASSERS, CITY AND COUNTRY; $2
J day guaranteed. ; Room 42, 14 McAllister st.
7 AI) AGENTS WANTED; GOOD PAY. AP.
1-1 ply 122 Taylor st.. room 19. from 10 to 12.
FI'KMTLKE WANTED
T^ANTEini SECONDHAND FURNITURE
'» for country; will pay good price. 7 City Hall
aye.
CALL ON J. C MUTHER, 521 KEARNY, IF
v.' you want highest cash price for your furniture
or merchandise of any kind.
AM ALO X PAYS 20 PER CENT MORE
than elsevvht-re for furniture to till country
orders. Leave orders at KING'S. 3 Fourth sU
fAsH PRICE PAID FOR FURNITURE. JA-
V ■■ COB SCHWKRDT. 821 Mission, bet. 4th .fc sth.
"' BOARDING WANTED.
yOUXG LADY STUDYING WANTS BOARD
Kin refined family; reasonable. 8.. box 8, Call.
KUii>ul;V. WAITED.
"O OOM WANTED 3 TO 4 BLOCKS FROMC ALL
JV Offlce; $4. [;., box 150. this office.
MONEY WANTED.
\\T ANTED— SISO ON CLEAR REAL ESTATE
'» security; high interest. Address box 36, Menlo
Park. ■■■-■-*-.-
WANTKD— Mis CELL ANKO US.
\\r AN f KD-^UGTiY^HORSE^FOIi 1 oFv!
*" months or more, by responsible party, for its
care. Address 512 Montgomery st.
\\' ANTED— FEED PUMP;"~~SECOND-H AND
'» tanks: state size, wood and price. HARKER,
26 Montgomery st.
LD JEWELRY, BOOKS AND CLOTHES
wanted. Address s.. box 6. Call Office.
REMINGTON WRITER WANTED. AD-
It dress T. W.. box 84, Call.
WANTED— IO,OOO TO 20,000 GALLON WA-
lt er-tank: second hand. JACOB . EYMAN,
room 6, Crocker building.
ELL YOUR BOOKS, CLOTHING AND JEW
eirv to A. KLEIN. 109 sixth St.: send postal.
CLAIKVOV ants.
A™!iAitE~or^oirrr x ity
to consult the great clairvoyant,
PROFESSOR F. EUGENE,
For 50c and $1. For 60c and $1.
Knowledge is Power.
I Remain not in darkness and Ignorance, but seek
the light of wisdom and learn what the future
holds for you. Ha Is ever ready to assist he
troubled and unfortunate, and always meets with
success. All are pleased with his readings. PRO-
FESSOR F. GENE, 1728 Market St. :
ME. STEWART; GREATEST CARD READ-
erand clairvoyant In world: seventh daughter:
read cards since 11 years of age; mining, lawsuits
marriage; ladies or gents 50c. 917 Market, 3 and 4,
XACANDSI. ~~ 50c AND $1
O\J PROF. LEON.* 533 POST ST.
■ Wonderful power; gives advice on business,-
■peculation, love, marriage, divorce, etc.; warns
you of coming dangers; business confidential; let-
ters with stamp answered: 9 to 8; also Sunday.
ROF. ZANZIC, THE WHITE MAHATMA
palmist and clairvoyant medium, 316 Ellis st.,
tells past, present and future events with utmost
truth; sittings: ladies 60c, gents 81.
MR.MOREAU. BEST MEDIUM: REVEALS
past, present and future ;25c up. 764 Howard st.
R~ KM EMBER 'I HE. SE K BBSS OF THE AGE.
Parlor 5, 116 a Grant aye. . : ■ - .. . .
ME. PORTER, CARD- READBR; TEILS
past, present, .future: ladies 50c, gents $1;
palmistry, clairvoyant, sittings $1 60. 126 Turk si.
MM K. RA VENN A READS YOUR LIFE
fluently, lips on races, names given ;. 25c up.
Removed from 828 Howard st., to 5 Fourth.
ME. ARXDT, BEST FORTUNE TELLER I.V
the world: 50c and $1, shows you the pictureof
your future husband or wife. 4 Twelfth, cor.Market
MM !■".. BYBILLE — LIFE-RKADER: past"
present, future; charms; fee 50c. 914 O'Farrell
\\ I'.s. B. BATMAN. THE RENOWNED ME-
i'X dlum;and curd-reader. 132 Turk st.
MM E. DR. THOMAS. SCIENTIFIC REVEAL-
er by eges . : and cards; tells entire life, pa3t,
present, future; consultations on all affairs; noth-
ing excepted; names given; good advice; . sure
help: restores lost love by sympathy; mistake im-
possib'e: fee- .*! : loiter it 2. t'tl'9 Postal.; nr. Ijirkin.
• ■ SriliiA'O - Al.iSjM.. .
MRS. FULTON: rsL\l ; E^wluT!NG SEANCE
to-night; sittings daily. SI Fell St.
TEST CIRCLE TO-NIGHT. 10c. M ME.YOUNG,
j X 605 McAllister st. : skeptics Invited.
YPSY MEDIUM— DAILY (SUN-
days included) ; 26c. 946 Mission: hours 10 to 9.
Mrs. J. J. WHITNE Y. CLAIRVOYANT
■j-nre nwl'"m: s'ltirv.-< $!.» 21 Stockton ai.
■ ' ■■ ■ horses. ■: : ;/r .-———•
"[■"" OR SALE— 2 SADDLE-HORSES, SINOLE-
X I footers: finest in the State; one for gentleman,
one for lady; both sound. Information at CON-
LAX's stable, 1623 California st., where they may
be seen. - ; . . .t -,--..- - - ,
Af) HORSES FOR HALE; ALSO WAGONS, j
- 1 " buggies, carts, harness; (irand Arcade Horse
Market, 327 Sixth St.; auction sales every Wednes-
■ day. SULLIVAN & DOYLE, Auctioneers.
1 0' I SECOND-HAND II ALL
I " kinds; .second-hand wagons,' buggy, carts;
also 20 cheap horses. ; Fifteenth and Valencia sts.
OR SALE CHEAP-FINE HORSE AND
! X business wagon suitable for light delivery, In-
quire Santa Clara Stables, Webb st.
"I/ 1 OR SALE —16 HEAD .YOUNG, SOUND
X workhorses; weight 1000 to 1600 pounds. Hack
and Sale Stable*. 1012 Howard st., near Sixth,
BART SULLI VaN, Proprietor.
yon sale-hOrse, wagon and h\r-
X ness; will sell single. Inquire at grocery, cor.
Ellis and Polk sts.
V (> R sale-two saddle horses. SINGLE-
X footers: finrst In the State; one for gentleman,
one for lady; both sound. information at Conlan's
stable, 1523 California st.,-,vhere they may be seen.
TF YOU WANT :TO BUY,; SELL OR EX-
x change horses, buggies, wagons or harness you
will Jind it to your advantage to call at Derby Sale
Stable, cor. Geary and Lea yen worth sts.: auction
sales every Tuesday at 11 o'clock. C. R. MARTIN,
proprietor. S. W ATKINS, auctioneer. :,
C SET HORSE MARKET, 220 VALENCIA—
kJ Horses, mules, wagoim. buggies and harness.
HORSES PASTURED: jSKND FOR CIRCU-
Iar. The Hyde Ranch, 630 Commercial st.
I SKIS NEW A.sD SECOND-HAND HAH-
J-*j\j ness: all kinds; wagons, buggies, horses ana
scrapers- snnd-wayons. 1128 Mission st.
T\R. C. H. WESTPHAL, VETERINARY SUR-
\J »;eon for H. F. Police Department. Office and
hosp'lal. 121 City Hal! aye.: 1 ,, 1 , nll ,,|, south 401.
: WAGONS AND CARRIAGES.
W AXTED-GOOD-SIZ AGOs!
"Address J.. Branch Cull OlUce. 339 Hayes st.
PASTUi.AGE.
T\ a. 1 1 4Y mcx "a rTb U TCHTRX^TTENTIONtI
x-/ Excellent pas 11 for 100 ; head of cattle for
several months; running water; fenced in 3 fields:
land level; at \Voodside, 4 miles from Redwood
< I ty. Apply to L. A . TSCHUL, 320 Clay St., or on
the prt mis, ranch to lease. . • ■■■-''■ "
"' PARTNERSHIP: NOTICES. _ .
.TU OTI CE OF. Dl SSOLUt'iON rOFTpARTNER-
x^ ship—^ot^ce is hereby given by the undersigned
mat the partnership < now existing ; between ■ the
untie a gnea under the name of the Russian and
inrtlsH Tobacco Company (HIRSCH it ROSEX-
i TC.y,?* 8 been illssolvecJ by mutii'ii: consent.
I v ,Mn TiUL nas retiredfrom lbs firm and
M. N. IIiRsCH will carry on the business 0:1 his
own account under the name c* M.N. HIIiSCH,
an . collect and pay all debts owing to and by the
nrm - M. N. HIRSCH,
F. KOSENTHAL. ,
PERSON AM.
VTOTICE— hTvINgTpURCHASED " ALL IN-
iy terer- of LOUIS SPITZ in the saloon and
restaurant business lately run by . SPITZ <& Co. at
1 128, 128y 2 and 130 Fourth st., this city, hereafter
I will collect all bills and pay all debts of the late
firm. : San Francisco, Cal., ; March 30, 1896. AL-
BERT WOLFF. , . • :
IpOR ADOPTION— ORPHAN GIRL, 13 YEARS
X of age; speaks English and German: good par-
entage: references given and required. Address
Orphan, box 89, Call. : ~ ■•.-:■
DAG CARPETS WOVE TO ORDER, FOR SALE;
JV also chenille-wove rugs, silk-rag portieres: deal-
er 111 carpet twine in hank or chain at lowest rates.
GEO. MATTHEW. 709 Fifth St.. Oakland, Cal.
REMEMBER, THAT COLONEL ANDREWS
.of the Diamond Palace is closing out his im-
mense stock of diamonds, watches and silverware
below cost. c. : --,;. -- ' ;
TWO INFANTS FOR ADOPTION; BOY,
X American; girl, Italian parents. Apply MME.
SATTLER-SIMON, 712 a Union st., near Powell.
WANTED —A , LOCATION IN COUNTRY
1 1 town for a first-class barber-shop. Address W.
C, box 137, this office.
UP-TO-DATE COIFFURES, A WOMAN'S DE-
light, 1 give for 25c, including waving and en-
ameling: 'switches for 75c and $1; polite treat-
ment and the best service in the city. G. LEDER-
ER, 111 Stockton st.
A DVICE FREE; DIVORCE LAWS A SPE-
-rV daily; private: no charge unless successful; all
law suits, claims, collections, wills, deeds, etc., at-
tended to. G.W. HOWE.atty-at-law, 850 Market st
MIDDLE-AGE D MAN, PROPRIETOR OF
fair going business, wishes companion; object
matrimony. Address J. W. \V.. box 104. Call.
rriHE ECONOMY" MILLINERY. HED FRONT.
X 40, 46 Sixth; children's school hats 5c. ; dyed,
pressed 25c; hats trimmed 25c; feathers curled sc.
ANNULMENT OF MARRIAGE AND DT
XX vorce; legal everywhere. P.O. box 2263. S. F.
ENAMELED LETTERS ARE MADE ONLY
at 210 Steiner st.; 'others are agents. Baker
Enamel and Manufacturing Company.
<g»i A ROOM; CARPETS CLEANED on THE
<P 1 floor. , 206 Leavenworth st.
t>IG OUTDOOR STKREOPTICONSHOW EVE-
XJ ry night cor. Market and Sixth sts.: artistic ad-
vertisements in living light; promoters of busi-
ness. Consult OWL ADV. CO., 1140 Market si.
ljiAA CARDS, $150; SHOW CARDS, 15c:
±\ >\J\J tel. Black 141. HILL, 22 Geary St., r. 39.
T ADIES' HAIR COLORING GUARANTEED;
Xj superfluous hair removea: bangs and switches
$1 up. MRS. E. H. HUBBARD, 923 Market st.
V OX FINE I'ol'l/ll'.V AMj GAME GO TO A.
. J BTBABSEB. 78 and 79 Center Market.
PARTINGTON'S SCHOOL OF .MAGAZINE
and Newspaper Illustration: day and evening
classes: instructors, J. H. E. Partington, Gertrude
Partlngton,R.L.Partlngton. Particulars 424 Pine st
C CHEAPEST AND BEST; GET OUR FIGURES
\J for paper-hanging and painting. Co-operative
i Paper-hanging Company, 635 McAllister st.
OURQUIN'S CAL'A ASTHMATIC PAPER;
Instant relief. For sale by all druggists or Cen-
tral Pharmacy, SW. cor. Grant, aye. and Sutler st.
LECTRIC LIGHTS IN EVERY ROOM-WIN-
Chester House, 44 Third st., near Market: 200
rooms, 25c to $1 60 per night; $1 60 to $6per
week: free bus to and from the ferry.
IBEUAL ADVANCES ON DIAMONDS, JEW-
J elry, etc.: lowest rates. 948 Market st.
CLOAKS, CAPES AN J> SUITS RETAILED AT
■*. infra' cost. Factorr. 20 Sansorne St.. upstairs
OLD GOLD. SILVER. GENTS' AN"i)"~LADIEi'
' ' clothing bonght. «'O!,MAN. 41 Third at.
DKiiSSilAKliKs.
Perfect FITTING AND STYLISH BUITB AT
X short notice. MRS. M. LYNN, rm. 35, 22 Geary.
OTYLISH SUITS $3 60 UP: FIKST-CLASS
0 fit: French tailor system t.i-.ielit. H39(;earyst.
PlASit>. utiL,i.\s, ETC.
T A dToBLIGED^TOSELL BEAUTIFUL $600
1 i Hardman upright offers it at a great sacrifice.
Room 21, 809 Market st. \
ffljO^L PIANO; GOOD CONDITION. schmitz
ijpOO. 16 McAllister St., next Hibernia Bank.
"L^INE STEINWAY SACRIFICED BY TEACH-
Xer obliged to sell. Room 10, Flood building. '<•
A LL YOU WANT IS VALUE FOR YOUR
-a»- money; investigate these prices and be. con-
vinced; the new seven-bar autoberpsa; the five-
bar autoharp $4; a - seventeen inlaid rosewood
ribbed mandolin $6 25; the Drize-winner guitar
$3 25: solid walnut and oak organs; new, $47 50;
elegant new upright pianos in any style ense, wal-
nut, mahogany, oak, $187: one trial will convince
you. J. HARRY SCOTT, 929 Market at., Spreck-
el's building.
(JVC MONTHLY INSTALLMENTS— 1 NEW
«PU Emerson rosewood upright; 3 pedals and
folding cover: price $175. 418 Ellis, room 22.
PIaNOS — $90, $100, $160: GREAT BAR-
g&lns. MAUVAIS' 769 Market st.
A SHAW. $425: 2 STEINWAYS, 5215, $195:
Sommer, 85; squares, $25, $55:' rents $2
tip, allowed on purchase. HEINE, 136 Ellis su
C CELEBRATED HAINES BROS., BUSH &
) Gerts and Knabe panos; being overstocked
wholesale prices will ruie during the next 30 days.
A. L. BANCROFT & CO., 324 Post St., 8. F.
ARRIVED— LOT OF CELEBRATED lllOH-
gradeT. L. Neumann pianos; prices and terms
moderate. H. LUEDERS, 82 Ninth st. ;.•:
<2» (|(| PIANO: FINE CONDITION. SCHMITZ,
tjPt/V/. 16 McAllister st., next Hibernia Bank.
ARE YOU DESIROUS OF OBTAINING A
good piano at a low price and upon very easy
terms? Then investigate our new rent-contract
plan. SHERMAN, CLAY <£ CO.,- Steinwuy repre-
sentatives for the Pacific Coast, SW. cor. Kearny
and Sutler sts.
\\T M. G. BADGER, 26 RRELL. ROOM 1,
;..»" first floor; sole agents Hallet A Davis pianos;
pianos, organs sold for cash or Installments.
% ( \f\( \ SHEET M USIO 1 CT. COPY. 3T AT-
4d\J.\J\J\J HAM'S Piano Store, 106 McAllister st.
TEINWAY, $165; WEBKi?T"»26d'; SMALL
upright, $80; bargains. BRUENN, 228 Post.
ONOVER PIANO; AS GOOD AS NEW-
great sacrifice. Tho F. W. SPKNCER COM-
PANY, 33« Post st.
C^HICKfJRINO, KNABE, STECK.VOSE, STER-
\J ling pianos; see our n-w piano .'or $187; pianos
:or rent. BENJ. CURTAZ <fc SON. 16 O'Karreli.
<Btl'7R CASH Oil INSTALLMENTS; WEBER
tPL tO. upright; perfect order. 1019 Van Nest.
1 \ECKER BROS., STEIN W A Y.FISCHER AND
xy Other first-class makes of pianos: little used:
cheap for cash or on easy terau. KuHLEH &
(MASK. E8 and m O'Farrell »t.
};asv terms;:low prices, koulek &
Id CHASE..
BYRON 3VIAUZY, 308 POST ST.— SOHMER,
Newby it Evnnn, Brlggs md other pianos.
SUPERIOR V LIN'S. ZITHERS. OLD ANEW
O H. MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham dace.
' A nVKcK S ' NEWS FOR 5 CENTS— THE -
-«- Vv'KKKLY CALL, in wrapper, for mailing. ;
■'.. j LUa t. . , ' ~ '
j c)s-nnio^La'TTFrGTA^T^Y7xEin^r«w
JJ stanyan St., 1 boys' \V*veny, No. 28,864;
drop : handles; rims painted pink: reward if re-
turned. .
QTOLKN-BAY MARE AND BUSINESS
0 buggy, frcm Cleveland Varnish Company, 634
Mission st.
1 BROWN .SPANIEL DOG; CORNER
Xj Eighteenth and Shotwell ; liberal reward.
BR 1 XG~~ PEA 1 1 L AND GARNET PIN TO
s oro, 1034 Folsom St.; big reward.
I <• I— A PASSBOOK WITH TUB HIBERXIA
J J Havings and Loan Society of San Francisco, In
the name of S. H. WALTER; No. 129,309. The
finder will please return to the bank.
S~~t6IEN FROM 112 NEW MONTGOMERY ST.
0 on Sunday, March 30. 1 bay horse and phaeton.
Parties having information of the same will please
notify the above number. : •
(ft OA REWARD— FROM CALIFORNIA
<IP —v/ and Lyon to Devisadero and Oak sts., go.d
watch and fob, with monogram and photo. Re-
turn to 936 Oak st.
T OST-A PASS-BOOK WITH TH H I BE N I A
d-J Savings and Loan Society of San Francisco In
the name of CATHERINE SMITH, No. 201,511.
The finder will please return to bank. ,
LOST— SUNDAY: SMALL, LIGHT-COLORED
Xj brindle female dog: return to 1150 California
St.; liberal reward. ' : .
1 OST- A PASSBOOK WITH THE HIBERNIA
XJ savings and Loan Society of >ati Francisco,
in the name of MARI ANDERSON; No. 130,026.
The finder will please return to batik.
: . ...... LI>I.C.V'kiM.SAL
L^R"EX^H,si^NlTH";ETcT?i ) 7of"D^lL7l»l'E^S
X Academy of Languages, 320 Post st:estab'd 1 871
T?RENCH, GERMAN, . SPANISH— S. E\'T
X I classes; $2 month. School, Flood .building.
JOSEPH GREVEN, VOICE IMPROVER. . 82
Ninth st. : : : , ■ ;; ..,:
P a N I SH. FRENCH, GERMAN; MODERATE.
. Meisterschaft School Languages, 122 O'Farrell st
O7CE~BUILDING. PANTOMIME AND ACT-
; V ing. LEO COOPER, 814 Geary St.
A YRES, THE LEADING SHORTHAND COL-
lege; individual Instruction; 4 months' course;
(■ay and evening 325 Montgomery st. . . ;
"PROFESSOR G. MANSFIELD. TEACHER OF
X violin, guitar, mandoline,' banjo. 1707 Market.
GUITAR. MANDOLIN. PIANO AND VOCAL
lessons; $3 mo. MARY WESTHAUS. 39 Fifth.
HA JO, PIANO AND GUITAR, 50c PER LES-
son: : music furnished.;- 125 Tenth st.
UELASCO'S LYCEUM SCHOOL OF ACTING—
\j Private theatricals arranged : pupils rehearsed
onstage.; R. 5 and 12, 1.0.0. F. block. 7th and Mkt.
CUOOL ELKi'TKICAL, CIVIL, MINING, ME-
r O chanlcal engineering, ; surveying, architecture, '
assay; esiab. '64. VAN DKP. NAILI.EN, 723Mk:. :
HF.ALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 POST ST.
Bookkeeping, basiness *; practice, ■■: shorthand,':
typing, electrical engineer, ng, telegraphy, modern
languages rapidly, taught.- Write for catalogue.
V IGH'rs>CriOOL;HEALL"'&iiUS. (.'. iLLEi.E.JI
. X\ Post:i-ommercial. shorthand. Kneiish: low ra-"ej
"\r IoLIN. MANDOLIN, CKLLO, BANJO; ■; KhA- :
> sonable. PROF. FRANCIS, 10451.4 Valencia. 2 :
/CHEMISTRY , AND ASSAYING. ■< CUNNING-
\. ; ham' i Srhoni. ror. Gearr. ani Powell »t». -■' - ; -: *
'-'.';■■: ■-':■ BICICLES. ■ ..-.•: ■.-...:
PARK CYCLERY— NEW"\\' : HEELS " TO -LET;
fol best i accommoda'ions. : Terminus ; Geary, Mc-
I Allister and Powell st. car lines. -
_^ FrPI?IK«« CHANCKH.
C&1 A A RESTAURANT. WITH 13 FUR
♦IDXOUv/. nished rooms: choice location; south
of Market: all rooms rented; large stock: fine
! ■fixtures; crowded during meal hours; more than
j value in sight: cood will alone worth $500: clear-
j ing from $160 to S2OO per month: full investiga-
> tion: satisfactory reasons for selling. STENBERG
I ■COMPANY, 632 Market st.
ANTED— RELIABLE MAX TO ATTEND
cash counter; assist generally in coffee lunca-
house; small capital required: safe Investment:
pood wages guaranteed. STENBERG COMPANY,
632 Market St. ■ .- -
<fiil Z\(U\ GROCERIES; WESTERN ADiH-
»JpXOv/'/. tion; full value in stock; daily re-
ceipts $40 to $50; horse and delivery-wagon;
i best bargain ever offered. STENBEKG COM-
I PANY, 632 Market St. ■ -".-'.:
©1 7" SALOON ON THIRD ST.: 3 LIVING-
tjpI It), rooms. Apply STENBERG & CO.. 632
Market st. ■
(£•] A A RESTAURANT AND OYSTER-
tipiuuv/. house: first-ciass running order:
daily receipts $65 to $70: full investigation solicit-
I ed; will exchange for good city real estate. STEX-
] BERG A CO.. 632 Market St. '
Cj O Xf\ KESTAUBAKT IN HEART OF
ispOO\J. city: business speaks for itself; well
worth $500: sold at sacrifice account of death.
STENBERG, 632 Market st.
<n» "1 7 X RES TAUR A X T ; GOOD SNUG
*$>■*■ I «J. place: low rent; receipts $16 a day; full
trial; see this soap. STANLEY, 2iy 3 Thlra st.
CANDY, ICE CREAM: FINE LOCATION;
good trade. STANLEY, 21 y 3 Third st.
Hit -I 1 d() GENHUAL' PROD BUSINESS;
»JT 1 XVM'. W ell established; fine location: good
profits; doing trade with best people; .satisfactory
reasons for selling. STANLEY , 2iy 2 Third st.
<3>/j?AA SALOON; GOOD STOCK WINKS,
tiD \J\J\J. liquors, etc.; receipts $15 a day; see this :
bargain. STANLEY, 21% Third st. . j
OJ.I ox BRA NCH bakery in BEST PART
VP l £>*J. of Mission : 3 nice living rooms. M.
LESS <fe CO., 7831/;; Market st.
$'JA() RESTAURANT, S. OF MARKET ST.;
<iJpO\J\J. excellent location; rent $20: living
room; good iittinps: high receipts. M. LESS &
CO., 783y Market st. '.-'.
C?Qnr> CORNER FAMILY LIQUOR STORE,
rip */Uv/. saloon and cigar-stand combined: on
choice portion of Western Addition: 4 living
rooms; large stock. M. LESS & CO., 783% Market.
<2i~\ X('\(\ RESTAURANT AND OYSTER-
'S£ J~O\f\J . house: busiest street north end
within few doors of Market; elegantly fitted up:
everything class in dining-room and kitchen:
paving place; owner sick. M. LESS CO., 783 V3
Market st.
7^A CORNER GROCER AND BAR;
«C? I i)\J. best part Western Addition; nice liv-
ing-rooms; reasonable rent; lease worth $1000;
proof; good reason for selling. M. LESS CO.,
783 2 Market.
AAA elegant saloon, north
tIPXUUU. Market, vicinity of Baldwin: 6 private
rooms; bar well fitted up; good stock with best
class customers: worth double; proof. M. LESS
CO., 783y 2 Market. -. . -■
<fi?9AAA CORNER GROCERY AND BAR;
«IP^U\JU. best part Western Addition: fine fix-
tures, handsome bar; near full value in stock
alone; monthly receipts from $800 to $1000; best
class custom: must be seen to be appreciated. M.
LESS & CO., 7831/3 Market st., near Fourth.
OjOCA SALOON: BEST BLOCK MARKET ST;
vr*JU\J. worth doblne; great bargain; don't
miss this BARRETT & SKIFF, 921 Market at.
fi> OA A A GREAT SACRIFICE: HOME
COUU, bakery cheap at $500: doing business
of $15 day: proof given: choice location: rent only
$17; trial. BARRETT & SKIFF, 9-1 Market st.
rro BUY, Sh.LL OR EXCHANGE A BUSINESS
X of any kind see STRAND & CO., 45 Third st.
$') oH WANTED TO-DAY— PARTNER IX
— O\J. commission business: will clear $75
per month each. See STRAND A; CO., 45 Third.
<S* 7 [\ A CORNER HAKERY: GOOD HORSE
'.. I O\J. and wagon; bakes 2y 2 barrels per day ;
full value. SIR AND * CO., 45 third st.
fl> 4XA FIRST-CLASS SALOON; BESTPART
<IPl |^"'.of Market St.: full value; chea 1 ) rent;
bargain this week. 'STRAND <fc CO., 45 Third st.
©97X CIGAR-STORE, LAUNDRY OFFICE;
<v — 10. full value. STRAND, 45 Third st.
I ffl»T 7 K BRANCH BAKERY; FULL VAI.TK:
tjP X I <J . offer wanted. STRAND, 45 Third St.
pORNER GROCERY ' A.> D BAR: BARGAIN
\J if sold this week. STRAND, 45 Third st. .
Q«7AA BRANCH BAKERY", STATIONERY"
'll' I "V. and notion store, opposite large public
FChool: 3 rooms: doing good business: owner same
; place 17 years: bargain. STRAND & CO., 45 Third.
! RESTAURANT^ NR. IIARKKT ST.,
tjp </Uu . doing a business of over $80 a day and
i sure to clear over $150 a month: rent only' $30;
i actually worth $1600: best reasons for selling.
; STRAND & CO.. 45 Third St. -
! 1 OfiCi CORNER GROCERY AND BAR,
; »JD 1 V/v/V/. with living-rooms: good bar trade;
. cash custom; low rent rare chance. Inquire 533
■ California st., Phcenix bar.
! (2J 1 X, AA BUYS HALF-INTEREST IX LIV- i
| ♦4P IuUU. cry and boarding stable In heart of
> city; clears $300 per month.. COLTON, 906 Mar-
ket st.
fi» 99X BRANCH BA KERY and VARIETY-'
*S>^JAJ%J, store: room furnishel; rent $15; cen-
trally located. Business Exchange, 777 Market.
WELL-ESTABLISHED STATIONERY", CAN-
'» dy, Icecream parlors: soda fountain: splendid
1 fixtures: central location; Third st., off Market-
\ make offer. PKOLL & LLOYD, 719 Market st.
j C»XAA SA LOON ; ESTABLISHED THE
i *E>O\.f\f. last 10 years; near Pine and Kearny
sts. : doing good business; must be >aeriticed : owner
I East. Inquire 533 California St.. Phoenix bar.
ffljl AAA PARTNER; HAY. GRAIN, WOOD
«JPx V'V'vf . and (Tjal business; good wagons, horses
and stock; dwelling-house, barn, stable, etc.; leased
ground: small rent. J., box 145, this office.
8~~A KKKY AND CONFECTIONERY, 526 VA-
• > lencia st., account of death; everything new;
only 15 days in business; $100 cash; 3 living-
j room .
I ffijXiwy OLD ESTABLISHED CORNER GRO-
; • •iP«J' "' . eery and bar, with living-rooms: rent
i $20: must he sold In 3 days: good paying: greatest
] bargain. Inquire 533 California St., Phienix bar.
IF SOLD AT ONCETHE "OLD NEWS-STAND."
X 129 Seventh, lor $150; notions, cigars, candies;
; living-rooms.
■ v£97X FINE OLD ESTABLISHED CORNER
tiP^ 4 «V. saloon; positive bargain. 429 Fourth.
Q» 1 C A COMPLETE RESTAURANT OUT 1
i\p 1 O\J. pood as new; bargain.. D. McRAE, 831
Mission st.
©11 AA PARTNER WANTED— LEADING
«Jp I I V'V. saloon opposite Chronicle building;
established 25 years. Call 633 California St..
Phrenlx Bar, WILKK. .
(g/TAA CORNER GROCERY AND BAR;
tip I VH'. very central: 2 living-robins; present
owner 9 years. JOHNSTON. 26% Kearny st.
■ rtt»9XA PARTNER IN LIGHT BUSINESS:
15-1)". established over 10 years; euaranteed
to clear 820 weekly to each. JOHNSTON, 26%
Kearny st.
"fflj'OX/i BUTCHER-SHOP; OLD KSTA B-
i!POi)U. lished: 2 horses; wagons: receipts $20
to $25 daily: cheap rent; a sacrifice. : JOHN-
STON. 26 V' 2 Kearny st. — : . r
mforFAA KLEUANT RESTAURANT ON
tjpOUUU. Market st., near Chronicle building:
handsomely fitted up: everything first class in j
dining room and kitchen; does a business which
cannot be excejled: dining-room taxed to . utmost
during meal hours. • M. LESS, 783y 2 Market st.
dj. /' C A CORNER S A LOON IX WESTE RN
»JpU«JU. Addition; transfer point; good paying.
I Inquire 533 California st., Phoenix bar.
ADY WANTS WORKING PANTNER: RE3-
J-j turant; small capital. . R., box 7, Call Office.'
MOST BE SOLD TO-DAY; MAKE AN OF-
fer:billiard, pool, saloon parlors at 129 O'Farrell
St.: first-class chance for 2 steady men; no agents.
S" PI X DID OPPORTUNITY ('OR KSeS"-
-k) gelic businessman, with small capital; natural
mineral waters. J. I). GILLELEN, 520 Kearny st.
HOESHOP: CHEAP; WITH OK WITHOUT
machine. 406y 2 McAllister st.
r\ OOD PAYING BUSINESS, SUITABLE LADY
. 1 VJT o genfeman- will exchange for city property;
would rent to right party: small capital reouired:
bear investigation; no agents. Room 56, Soto
House, 32 Fourth st.
VXT'RESs TEAM AND WAGON; GOOD
-Pjstand. Apply MRS.KLUF.TSCH, 431 Fifteenth.
(GENTLEMAN DESIRES AN EDUCATED
IT lady or gentleman as business partner: also
board and room In private family. Address
Amicus. box 62, Call Oflice. ■ . ..■. ■ •
pOFFEE AND . CHOP HOUSE FOR BALK—
V»' 1 block north of Market st. : cause, dissolution
of partnership. Apply Call Office.
G" OOD BUSINESS FOR LADY OR GENTLE-
men; cheap: must be sold. 504% Lark In st.
7-1 OOD PAYING CORNER SALOON AND
VT lodging-house of 11 rooms; death in family
I the reason for selling. Apply this office.
YSTER AND CHOP HOUSE AT YOUR OWN
price if sold to-day. Apply Call Office.
WRONG MAX IN THE RIGHT PLACE— AT
»» . a sacrifice, restaurant at junction and transfer
point. 628 Fourth st., upstairs. . "
¥^IAA BUTCHER-SHOP; MODERN- FlX-
rtj OUU. tures; good trade; reasons for selling
po"mg to Furor*: no agent. Get address at barber-
: thon, 10£5 MarKet st.
"(j. C A A. ; DOWNTOWN SALOON;; dTy
tJP«JV7Vr. trade: fine : location; no agents. 206
Washington st.
©qxTT^Tne frFitstore ; ROOMS; FUR-
<n«->Ol/. i ture: wagon; bargain. HEGARTY'
1004 Market st. -
B" RANCH BAKERY; LIVING - ROOMS-"
cheap rent; Baiessls. HEGARTV, 1004 Mar-
. ket st. ■ :■;■.;■■ .-, - ■ • . - • .
riNK SALOON ACROSS THE BAY: .6 FUR-
r nlshedrms.: bargain. HEGARTY.IOO4 Market,
X"i Oil SALE-CABINET-MAKER'S BENCH;
'X. tools: scroll saw; hunter's outttt. 1400 Van Ness
T.-'OR BALE— AND BAR; lI!>RSK
J. and wag.in; long lease. Apply at California
Brew, ry, Douglas at,d Diamond sts.^sggf|
ARTNER WITH ;$75-PORK-- AND DEH-
caciet store with route. . 335 Fourth st.
pIGAR^STORE FOR SALE AT 26. FIRST,
; 'Vy.city.--;r'' :-";_'.:;.■:-.-:■■ r:.-;v.- ;..:;. '.'■-■;■ '
IGAR-STORE: GOOD LQCATIOX: MUST
■' sell on account other business. Inquire 36 Kddy
* man ketTr7ns , from BUSINESS
A wants to dispose of his ' first-class saloon. ' Ad-
dress M. R., box 131, Call Office. • ■
BFSTNESS CHA>' CKS— Confirmed.
TVJOTICE —TO SELL YOUR BUSINESS
XI promptly for cash. HEALY <fc CO., 23 Kearny
$»9XA PARTNER WANTED— AI CASH
«jpZ«UU. business, clearing to each $75 per
month; no night or Sunday work; must devote 8
hours each day to business. 'HEALY, 23 Kearny a
ffifl KAA; COFFEE,. LUNCH AND ICE-;
*iplO\J\J. cream parlors: vicinity of the Park;
owns building: no rent: great bargain: on account
of sickness. Apply HEALY & CO., 23 Kearny st.
LEGANTLY FITTED-UP LIQUOR SALOON
vicinity Market and Geary: business of $20 per
day; make offer. . HEALY.*. CO.. 23 Kearny st.
(JjOXA RESTAURANT AND COFFEE SA-
?JSO«JU. loon; business $25 per dcy; vicinity
Palace Hotel ; call to-day. HEALY. 23 Kearuy st.
1\ I EAT MARKET FOR SALE; DOING A CASH
1»1 business; cheap. Inquire at 1129 Folsom st.
OR SALE— CHEAP: SALOON AND 10 NICE-
Iy furnishtd rooms. 624 Sacramento.
I^OR SALE— BRANCH BAKER AND STA-
t ionery store. Apply 326 Ninth st.
IiARGAIX; FiRST-CLASS SALOON: GOOD
1> business: account departure. Call 203 Ellis.
PLENDID BUSINESS OPPORTUNITY/ FOR
a shoemaker; a man retiring from business
wants to dispose of a repair snop. 349 Fourth st. -
RANCH BAKERY: FIXE TRADE AND LO-
X) cation. Apply Call Office. ' '
QJTAABUYS THE BEST COFFEE AND
?Jpc)"/V/ oyster parlor in city; owner must leave
in three days. Address a., box 16, Call Office.
SALOON AND BOARDING-HOUSE FOR SALE
cheap. 547 Howard st.
OR RENT OR SALE-A BLACKSMITH AND
J general jobbing shop, with tooU and every-
thing complete: also dwelling-house, barn, wind-
mill, etc., standing on about one acre of land cov-
ered with assorted fruit-trees; the shop has been
mn for over thirty years: place located in center of
the healthiest town in California: terms easy. For
further particulars . inquire Of ALEXANDER
WATSON, Gllroy. Cal.
CIHEAP FOR CASH. ACCOUNT SJCKXESS—
) New England Home Bakery. 1817 Powell.
JJOARDING-HOUSE SALE CHEAP ON
X-> the city front. 104 Jackson st.
X\r ELL ESTABLISHED WOOD, CO.A L, FEED
'* and livery stable; sickness. F., box 16. Call.
IF YOU WANT TO SELL OR BUY A BUST
J- ness quick see T. LUBELSKI, 7 City Hall aye.
OOD EVENING ROUTE FOR SALE. CALL
at 338 Green st. - ■
©Tr?x A BLACKSMITHING, HORSESHOE-
tIpXUUU. jng business; clears over $100 per
month; includes lot, shop, tools, stock; owner go-
ing East. Owner, box 4, Call Office, Oakland.
ADY, WITH $50, DESIRES GENTLEMAN
partner, country business. 12 Mason, room 2.
Fngle express rig and stand
cheap: good chance ; must sell. 626 Fourth st.
RANCH BAKERY. NOTIONS. DAIRY PRO-
due", etc.; do'.n? a good business: can be marts
to pay well; for sale cheap. Inquire at 110 Sixth.
<fI« J AAA OLD ' ESTABLISHED RETAIL
«4pJUUU. business Market St., doing business
$11,000 a year: more than price in stock; good rea-
son for selling. A. 8., box 46, Call Office.
<a»9XA A BARGAIN— OYSTER AND. CHOP
«JV/. house; worth $500: owner going to
Alaska next month. Apply this office.
C~ Cm NKR GROCERY AND BAR; CHEAP;
J owner golns away. 321 Twenty-fourth st.
NE OF THK OLDEST AND PAYING
coffee saloons, connected with a bakery and
confectionery, centrally located, 011 one of the main
thoroughfares of this city, is for sale at a reasona-
ble prfce on account' of the proprietor's withdrawal
from business. Inquire during office hours at the
law office of FRANK SCHILLING, 503 Califor-
nia st.
A PER ROUTE FOR SALE, TELEGRAPH-
Hill district, covers 18 blocks: can be bought,
cheap, and chances tor increase ure very good.
1 Apply this office, principals only.
LOUGI\ti-HO«SES fob sale,.
XT^°^^?!o^g7ng^house! : ~
/ ± c \ PRICE $700— WORTH $2000.
19-room house on Matter St.; payments $1100
12-room house on Mason st. 275
65 rooms, clearing $200. only. 2000
60 rooms nil Market St., new 4200
20 rooms on Fourth st., only 600
16 rooms 011 Taylor St.. .'.. 750
45 rooms on Marke: st 2500
H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market St., opposite Fifth.
<IL'£'AA CASH, BALANCE EASY; 30- ROOM
«JpUUU corn- bargain. HEGARTY.IOO4 Mkt.
7XA 14 ROOMS; ALL OUTSIDE AND
»]n i t)\J. fronting on O'Farrell St.; elegantly
furnishad. CIIAHLKS COLTON, 906 Market st.
\TOTICE— 100 LODGING-HOUSES FoR SALE
i> from $ 1 50 to $5000. SI 1 RAN D, 45 Third st.
ROOMING-HOUSE: 14 BOOMS; ALL OCCU-
X\/ pied; reasonable; cheap rent. 719% Howard.
IriURNTsHED HOUSE FOB SALE AT 761
' Mission st.: cheap.
UNNY BAY-WINDOW. NEWLY FURNISH-
<■<! hopse os 10 rooms and bath : selling account
I ofill-healtb. :0Ji 2 Turk st.
T ODGING-HOUSE, CLEARING $35 TO $40 A
1-J mouth; is on account of leaving city for sale;
price .$250. Address X.. box 9. Call Office.' '-
FIKNITUKK FOR SALE.
HTTFaRNT?IfRE~?n?T7^^
of 5 rooms and bath, complete; nearly new and
in Unit-class order; no dealers. Apply 626 Kearny.
i "L^URNITIirE OF 4 ROOMS AND UOU8&
X 1 hold goods. 729y 2 Minna sl.
FURNITURE OK '-' ROOMS FOR SALE AT
X? a bargain. 1205y 2 Bush st.
VUCK NEWLY FURNISHED 8-KOOMED
JA flat, bath: one block from Market st.onLarkln; -
rent $35 a month, including water; furniture coat
$450; sell for 275: rare chance: investigate. T.
SUBELSKI, 7 City Hall aye.
riSRY ANTIQIK AND ELEGANT MA-
hogany sideboard; very rich and choice.' Ap-
ply 913 oik. - . -
G. KRASKY. FURNITURE AND BisD-
• ding: new folding-beds, $9 and up: step-lad-
ders, 20c per step; furniture exchged. 779 Missio 1.
t^7r~fTsale~! '. ~~ ~ '•
X Prices stand till goods are completely dis-
I posed of. '
i Oak bed sets ......SIS 50
I Bed lounges... 8 00
[ Stoves 7 50
Carpets, peryard 55
I Linoleum, per yard 55
Matting, peryard 11)
Till our new building Is erected these prices will
stanc. Till such time we are conducting business
in SK. corner Seventh anil Mission sts. J.
NOON AN.
AAA CARPETS; CHAMBER • BETS, $17;
t:V/\" stoves, $5; parlor sets, $20: folding-beds,
$10; bed-ounges, $7. T. D. MCCARTHY, 112 4th.
■A ROOMS FURNITURE, NEW. $75
t: Bedlounges trimmed with plush .$5 sf)
I Brussels Carpet, laid .45c up
j English Linoleum, laid 4Ooup
Window shades in s colors 25c up
SHIREK & SIIIREK, 747 Market st., oppoalta
Grant avenue: no branch stores.
CHEAPEST AND BEST IN AMERICA—
v./ WEEKLY CALL, sent' to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for $1 -50, post-
Pi:e free. '
~~
CABPKT (LKM.Mi.
WHEN YOU BECOME DISGUSTED WITH
»* poorworKsendtoSPAULDlNG'SPioneerCar-
pet Beating Works, 353-57 Tehama st. ; tel. So. 40.
'( IONKLIV SCABP BEATING WORKS. 333
\J Golden Gate aye.: telephone east 126.
/"1 RI.AT EASTERN STEAM CARPET CLEAN-
V.I ing Works. Tel. So. 576: 14 Bth st. B. Grant.
JONES CO. CARPET - CLEANING AND
renovating works. Main office 25 and 27 Bth.
/ 1 REAT WESTERN STEAM CARPKT-BEAT-
VJ ing works; latest Improved machinery; 3c yard.
G. GEORGE.ofhce 11 Eighth st.; phone Jessie 253.'
/IARPKTS CLEANED. 3c PER YARD; KE-
\J laid. 5c per yard. 8. STRATTON, 19 Eighth.
ITY SIEAMCARPETCLEANIN(S,RKNOVA-
ting. 38 Bth. STKVKXS. mgr. Tel. South 250.
pARPKJS CLEANED AND RENOVATED
\J ilke new. FERGUSON & CO., 23 Tenth; teL
South 36. D. MACKINTOSH * CO.. successors.
JE. MITCHELL CARPET CLEAN ING CO., 24<J
. 14th St.; cleaning 3c a yard. Tel. Mission 74,
JMcQU EN'S CARPET BEATING AND REN-
. ovn'.itig works. 453 s-cvenson: t«»l. south 225.
FOR SAL .—MIS K1. 1. A N KOl'S,
"vfEvv^gs BuJTcLEsi"S6Or(JOOD"sECONTi
Xi hand bicycles, $40. Hamilton Cyclery, Baker
St.. cor. Hayes.
rp WO GOOD SINGER SEWING MACHINES,
Xss and $10. 1559 Market st.; day or evening.
TV A A L CASH REGISTER: COST $200-"
1> will sell for $100. R. NICHOLS, 1191 Market.
IP RESH~YOU"n"G~S OR 1 1 0 RN~COW; MI LX §
J 18 to 20 (marts; gentle. 1312 Folsom st.
TV^EW LAUNCH, 32 FEET LONG. 8 HORSE-
1> power, will be sold at half its cost price. Ap-
ply at Harbor View Park. , .
I7uNK~CART7 SUITABLE FOR NEWSPAPER'
1 carrl r. . Apply 1419 Octavia St.. bet. 12 and 1.
HOROUGHBRED~BLACK MINOCA EGGS'
1 $1 per 16; Mongolian pheasants, $15 per trio'
J. 'J. TOMPKINSON, 2029 San Antonio aye I
Alii m a. . '•
YNAMO ENGINE, BOILER AND A LOT OF
tools, cheap. 516 Mission.
ABY CARRIAGES AND RATTAN FURNl-
ture bought at the factor* save« retailer's : pro-
fit, California Rattan Co., 61 First st., nr. Mission '
S" TERi.ING BICYCLE. BUILT LIKE
O watch; terms easy. D. N. HAWLEY, 318 Mkl.
BAR OUTFIT, MIRRORS.CASH REGISTERS.
scales, etc.: cheapest. MEEK. 1118 Mission.
T[SE PRUSSIAN bTFtERsTbEST STOMACH
\J bitters in market: buy your wines. liquors, etc
at Bonanza Wine Vaults: free delivery city Oak-
land. Alameda. PUTZMAN & SCHURMANn
prop.. 341 Pine, cor. Montgomery; phone red 35»l!
UUI LDINUS BOUGHT; LUMBER, SASHES
J i ('.oors, mantels, etc. fir sale., 1166 Mission.
ONE SMALL MEDIUM AND LARGE BIZS
\J fire and bnrglr-.r proof safe. 09, 11l Market st.
LMRE, AND BURGLAR SAFE. LETTER;
X press, platform' sea: and deskicheap. 102 Clay.
XT E W RANGES CHEAPER THAN SECONIi:
IV hand. \V. B. RAY aifz Co.. 12 California
Ci i 1 UN T JBBB, SHELVING, SHOWCAHBa
V boucbt and told 1121 Market bet. 7th and**
' ... - - ... ..T^HOrSES TO t.KT.
\r 1: !ti:.\'T MANY HOUSES BECAUSE WE
»' treat ]>eople right. BALDWIN & HAM
MUND. 10 Montgomery at.
E\ N I TOR V lIOU.^E; 7 ROOMS. BASK-
i-i meat and bath: Ml modem Improvements;
:iling: elegant mantels; runt reasonable. IS3I
Ellis st, • 
f»9 JA TWENTY-SKCOND ST.. NR. DOLORES
• _ .-*- —5 nice sunny rooms and bath; 912 50.
1 09- 1 SANCHEZ st.. cot;. AlOIY"-^6~NicE
■* O-tla sunny rooms; *S; very cheap.
[oft Mary st., M:. fifth and mission—
— '•' 4 nice sunny rooms, 9:4.
Hut si- 5 ROOMS; BASEMENT; RENT flO.
.JX 16 White st., off Vallejo, near Hyde. _
■ "\! MISSION— KENT REDUCED: HOUSE
— O>t± 8 rooms; 918. Apply 2245 Mission St., or
724 Twentieth.
OTT~E 1. I. is, ''AJWVIif~VAN NESS-SUNNY
0.1 *i bouse of 7 rooms; modern improvements.
LET— AN ELEGANT NEW MODERN
house; 9 rooms, bath and finished basement:
Jackson st., bet. L lure! and Locust: marine view:
rent reasonable. will E. FISHER & CO., 14
lost su .
AY-WINDOW HOUSE OF 4 ROOMS; 210
Perry si., just 01T Fourth; rent 912 50, water
free. A ply to UMBSKN, 14 Montgomery st.
QO|) MODERN . HOUSE AT 2529 PINE,
•_ •>''. corner Scott: pi > :»n;l see it.
HI7SE 10 ROOMS AND BARN: VERY
cheap. Apply NICOL. :>.: !' ; California -t. _
I ABY HAPPY; MAMMA KATISFIED: PAPA
• > contented: house rented from BALDWIN ik
HAMMOND 10 Mon:con-.ery at.
Ml;> bKI> MUI'SKS.
E! ANtTfU RN IBH 1 D HOUSE 7 ROOMS
i-i and bath: Webster street, between Geary and
Posu Ajjply 1102 Market st.
XTEVi • AND HAXDSOnEf.Y FURNISHED
•a.* house of .10 ' rooms: very desirable location;
nil modern improvements; rent reasonable. 1417
Post su
FHISHI D HOUSE TO RENT IN A DKSIBr
X able location for .1 term of 3 to 6 months; sunny J
Jiotiseof 8 rooms, bath and large garden. For par-
ticulars aud privilege to inspect apply to W. do-
I.AN. K'O Butter si.
COTTAGES TO LKT.
C« Q- f\ COTTAGE.- 3". ROOMS; PROSPECT
COuU. aye., bet. Twenty-seventh and Twenty-
■eiilhth sts., near Miss on.
COTTAOE: ■'. ROOMS; BATH: SUNNY;
V^ erand view bay; rent 916. X Codman. place,
off Washington St., bet. Powell and Mason.
Qil. " NEW COTTAGES;' BAY-WIN HOWS: 4
♦ . 11 . rooms. Point Lobos aye, and Collins st.
>.-] 9 cottage~ofTsunny rooms: FIN^
*jl~< ished t:;-cnient; suitable for shop or
kitchen. 529 Grove st.
■ ■
IH.N [SHED FLATS.
\- ELS FURNISH] i 1 LAT; 7 ROOMS; 11-
-1> ano; fine ne'ehborhood; rent $42 50. Apply
1439 McAllister ■!.
1 K99 GEARY — SMALL SUNNY FLAT,
J«> — — nicely fnrrlshfd.
FIATS in i.X 1 .
T\- 1 RENT MANY FLATS BB< M~l WK
>» treat people right. BALDWIN & HAM-
MOND, 10 .Montgomery st.
1 1| X HYDE, AT RAILROAD CROSSING OF
i LifO California and Hyde— 3-room flat: water
free: occupied former tenant 6 years; cozy house
for man and wife; rent 912.
1 a RAUSCH. NR. HOWARD— NICK SUNNY
it) flat: 3 rooms; large yard: cheap rent. ■
SUNNY FLATS; 3 AND 4 ROOMS; BATH;
garden: 913 and $16. 1706 Post.
VICE BAY-WINDOW FLAT; CHEAP; 915;
-> 241 Ninth st., bet. Folsom and Howard.
991 LIBERTY. BET. TWENTIETH AND
— — L Twenty-first— Flat, 5 large rooms, bath:
new; gas fixtures: large basement; back and front
flower garden: all same as new; rent only $16.
i^INE FLAT. 7 ROOMS AND BATH; ALL
-T modern improvements: rent 935. 625 Golden
Gate aye., between Van — 1 and Franklin.
Am 4 NICE ROOMS: tSUNNT SIDE. 628
Cl-- Greenwich St.. near Stockton.
UNNV FLAT; 7~ROOMs : BATH: LATEST
improvements: cheap. Cor. Oak and Scott.
8' HOWARD COURT, SB. FOURTH— UPPER
0 floor, 5 rooms: rent 14; water free.
LAT~6> 4 UNFURNISHED ROOMS AND
. cellar: rent 911. Apply 529 sixth.
AY-WINDOW" FLAT, 6 LARGE SUNNY
rooms; newly painted; bath; cheap. 117
1 Ferry St., near Third.
1 CA7 STEINER. NEAR SUTTER-LOWER
IGy I flat, 5 modern lar^-e sunny rooms: bath.
Q1 (i 1717 HYDE: LOWER BAY-WINDOW
v^"- Bat, 5 rooms and bath; waterfree.
< i Q FLAT OF 5 SUNNY ROOMS: BATH.
% IP. NX. corner Polk and Jackson sts.
rpo LET— FLAT 5 SUNNY ROOMS. 133 LILY
lave: key 136 Page st.
r<OR. HYDE AND POST— 4 ROOMS; 917 50.
'Ql - LOVELY FLAT: 5 SUNNY ROOMS
' »J; XO. and bath: newly papered and painted. 814
= ; Nineteenth st-..bet. Noeand Sanchez.
9Q I SIXTH — Si'.NXY FLAT: 8 ROOMS:
— O I bath; rent $25: water free; call after 1.
~\\- E RSTER 07-209— SUNNY FLATS, 6 AND
„ '» 7 rooms;; nt ?25. $27 50.
Q] Q new" modern SUNNY upper
'jSIO. corner flat, 6 rooms, bath, stable. * 4600
Eighteenth st.
PLAT, 10" ROOMS, 920. 102 MISSION ST., NR.
X Spear: key at corner saloon.
<3jl 9 FOK~THE~BEST~S^ROOM NEW FLAT
•_ A-— ■ with bath in this city: water free: investi-
S pate tne place and save money. 529 Ivy aye.
i 1 Cl 1"i5 15I -2 MISSION stTnr. ELEVENTH
1 OLL — 5 beautiful sunny rooms; bath, laundry,
yard. .
UPPER SUNNY FLAT 7 ROOMS; RENT 915.
> Apply 438U; Sixth st.
" ToT PAGE ST., BET. GOU«H AND OCTA-
-1 —<> via;-natof4rooms: $13 50. '
I^EW STEPS FROM CITY' HALL; ELEGANT
. flat: 5 rooms and bath. 10 Grove st.
\ T EW SCNNY FLAT; ROOMS AND BATH;
-*■> was $20, rrow $13 50: Castro cable; see photo-
graph. HOVEY. 608 California su
7 • 19 HAVES, COR. BUCHANAN— 2 FLATS
Utt— 1 of 3 aud 6 sunny rooms, bath, etc.
ABY HAPPY: MAMMA SATISFIED: PAPA
contented; fiat rented from BALDWIN #.
HAMMOND. 10 Montgomery su
"L7LEGANT NEW FLATS. SEVENTH ST.. BE-
J -• low Brvant. ft and 6 rooms, baih: .?8 to >?IH.
. •HOUSKKJSKPINU KUOJIs.
Krannan Street.
79' BRANNAN. ABOVE SIXTH — SUNNY
<— 'J lichen and bedroom; furnished; cheap.
A.. ■ " j •. * - Eddy Street.
1 1 OEI4DY— 3 ' FURNISHED ROOMS FOR
■X X O housekeeping: other sanity rooms; 95 up.
.' . C » "I 0 EDDY— PARLOR FLOOR OF 4 HAND-
"-*- 1 " somely furnished rooms; piano; complete.
. . tills street.
• 330 BUjfß— PUS-NY FURNISHED ROOMS
O'J\J in rear for housekeeping; 12. -
•Fifth Street.
1 f)X FIFTH— FRONT PARLOR, WITH OR
X \JO without kitchen; other housekeeping rooms.
O 9 ' FIFTH -3 CLEAN FURNISHED HOUSE-
O—O keeping, »13; single room 95.
.19ft 1 X " ' " SUNNY BEDROOM, KITCH-
. ■1 — *-J2 en. furnished for housekeeping: water.
J'ourth 1 1 1-»-; .
Op 7 FOURTH ST.-STJNNY FURNISHED
*.\J I front rooms for housekeeping: rent cheap.
• l-'ulton .Street.
"I 1 FULTON ST.- TWO 1.AP...E SUNNY
XXU rooms, complete for housekeeping, 910.
tieary St- eet.
91 7T GEARY- THREE SUNNY UNFUR-
*■ L I •£ nished housekeeping rms. Key 217 Geary.
- " " Howard Street.
r'.l 1 HOWABD-S UNFURNISHED ROOMS
lllJl '-iur housekeeping: lirst floor; upstairs-
cheap. ■ \ '
111 QI '.HOWARD-H-OU.sk KEBMN{; ROOM
x x 1 Ox $2 50 week; other rooms $1 £0 week.
11 A ) HOWARD— a' FURMSnED HOUSE^
A-* "■ keeping rooms: range; rent 910.
'Z " . tienle Street.
.QfiJWERSrK, NEAR FIFTH-SUNNY HOUSE.
''W keeping rooms: no children.
I-aguna street.
CAO !.\(;\S.\, -Ml McALLISTER-LAROE
r^i'c fr ,,,, room «.f n ' 3 ' kitchen, furnished first
c class; sun all day; 911; large front parlor.
. • LurMin Street.
OA I PARKIN-SUNNY FURNISHED BED-
Q\t i room and kitchen, $ Q 50. •
4 Market Stree-.
. O9] MARKET-NEWLY FURNISHED ELK.
'^^1 gant. tunny front and back rooms; *6 up.
Minna 1 re©i. ~~
c2l NICELY FURNISHED ROOMS, SUITABLE
'i for housekeeping. 311 Minna at. . ■
90 1 MINNA, COR. FOURTH-HOUSEKEEP-
— < ' I ing, complete: single; rionbl^: cheap. :.
,". J Z. MINNA- 3 FRONT ROOMS FOR LIGHT
010 housekeeping; rent reasonable. • ,
*\d frMJNNA — FURNISHED: ROOMS FOR
«J*lU housekeeping; large yard.
rj.e MINNA-SUNNY FRONT ROOMS COM-
O I O plete for housekeeping.
*, . Bloss Street.
C MOBS— i> ROOMS. FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
0 Apply 1065 Howard st. -
;•.--*.;: Ninth Street.
1 9/? l NINTH - SINGLE AND DOUBLE
X**\J'Z front housekeeping rooms.
IIorsKKEEPISG ; ROOMS — Continued.
Octavia Street.
6AQ O C AVI A r- SUNNY FURNISHED
OUt/ floor: bay-window alcove room;: dining-
room ; bath: yard. v . . - "
> . j"^ Pearl: Street.:
Q PEARL ST., CORNER MARKET, OPPOSITE
0 Octavia— 2 or 3 snuny corner rooms, well fur-
nished; housekeeping: running water; sink.
l'olk Street.
■I AA9 POLK— 3 ELEGANT FRONT ROOMS,
\\J\J£ furnished for housekeeping, in modern
apartment house: no lodgers; ' fine mantels, large
closets, separate, kitchens, pas raoge and all con-
veniences: rent $«5; also line suite for 920; refer-
ences exchanged. ,
Scott Street.
IT 9 SCOTT— 2 SUNNY ROOMS FOR HOUSE-
-1 10 keeping. ■ . : ,
Sixth s-ree;.
91 ft 1 SIXTH — NICELY FURNISHED
-Iv 1 ' front room with kitchen: rent reasonable.
jno SIXTH — FURNISHED AND UNFUR-
"i\H nishPd rtorns to let: full furnished for
housekeeping; also single: prices reasonable.
South Park.
Ift SOUTII PARK— 2 FURNISHED HOT7SE-
-1 \J keeping rooms, $9; single, $5; * unfurnished,
$10.
39 SOUTH PARK— I OR 2 LARGE SUNNY
O-i rooms; furnished for housekeeping.
Stevenson Street.
iAO STEVENSON, COR. FIFTH— 2 ROOMS;
*iv"O furnished for housekeeping.
CJQ 4 ROOMS. 427 STEVENSON ST.. BE-
•3O, twten Fifth and Sixth; very convenient.
Teliaina Street^ -
IJO TKIIA3IA —3 CONNECTING ROOMS;
110 housekeeping; well furnished: complete.
Van Ness Avenue.
JA9 VAN NESS— 2 FURNISHED BOOMS
j"- for housekeeping: 1 front sunny. -
TTa7»~ VA * NESS ; AYE. — LARGE FUR-
XtiUvJ nished front room for housekeeping; 910.
Webster Street.
7-1-1 WEBSTER— 2 OR 3 LARGE HANDSOME
111 rooms; furnished or unfurmshd.
Miscellaneous.
SUITE; 3 SUNNY ROOMS; FINE VIEW;
to central; 918. J. 0., box 113. Call office.
A WEEK'S NEWS FOR 5, CENTS — THE
.v WEEKLY CALL, in wrapper, for mailing.
KOOMS TO, LEX.
Bryant street.
"~(\(* BRYANT— SMALLSUNNY FRONT BED-
I UU room, furnished; bath; rent $5.
tight h\ Street.
SHERMAN APARTMENT HOUSE, 28 BTH
> st- near Market: furnished and unfurnished.
rr. wo sunny rooms in bear of 221
1 Eighth St.; rent $5.
„ Ellis Street.
THE RAMONA. ISO ELLIS ST., SAN FRAN-
Cisco, MRS. KATE S. HART, manager-Just
opened; a newly furnished, well-appointed, quiet
house, contaiinne 150 rooms, large and small;
sunny rooms, or en suite; gas and electricity,
hot and cold running water in each room; elevator
and lire escapes:. situate convenient to the busi-
ness center of the city, principal hotels and thea-
ters; electric-cars direct ;o ferry and park pass the
door. . ■ .
79A ELLIS— V N FURNISHED SUNNY*
• —\J front and back rooms.
Fell Street.
09 FELL, NR. MARKET— LARGE, SUNNY
i*— front bay-window room and bath; also single
■ rooms; housekeeping if desired.
Fillmore Street.
U7l FILMORE-6 SUNNY ROOMS; BATH;
I 2 cheap to good tenant.
Foisorn Street.
G>(\ NICK SUNNY FURNISHED BOOM FOR
t£\J. lor 2. 735 Folsom at.
deary >treet.
91 q GEARY - GROUND. FLOOR: LARGE
—1O front room suitable for business: key 217.
FIT Q GEARY— ELEGANT FRONT SUITE,
■JIO suitable for dressmaker or doctor: others.
COQ GEARY— SNGLE SUNNY ROOM, ' $5;
GOO large front room.? 8.
. . <>>n.c. (.ate Avenue.
no-] GOLDEN GATE— LARGE FRONT ROOM
UOX for light housekeeping: other rooms 97 up:
large yaid. * : .-/;.•
Grove Street.
JAOI GROVE— 2 UNFURNISHED SUNNY
r\.\J~2 front rooms, for housekeeping; bath.
Howard Street.
£>9q HOWARD-NICELY FURNISHED SIN-
U— O gle or double rooms; gas and bath.
Hyde street.
91 A HYDE-SUNNY ROOM, REAR; FUR-'
«-XU nished: stove, water, etc.: rent $5. !
ones Street.
907 JONES— THE VAN. WINKLE: NEW
-vl management: elegant sunny suites and
single; newly furnished; batn, etc.; 810 to 930.
. . Kearny Street.
* RLINGTON HOUSE, 127 KEARNY— PLEAS-
J\ ant sunny rooms, en suite and single; first claw
in every respect : terms reasonable.
Lark in Street.
AOQ T.ARKIN — NICE L V FURNISHED
i— O suites: single: housekeeping; bath: gas. \
Xiaskle Street.
1 C LASKIE, OFF: MISSION, NR. NINTH—
it) Nicely furnished room to a gentleman; 95.
market Street.
LEG ANT OFFICES AND FURNISHED
Xli rooms at 850 Market St., corner Stockton.
"yoSKMITE HOUSE, . 1045 MARKET. BET.
-I Sixth and Seventh— Single and suites; per
night, 35c to 91 : week. 91 60 to 95: families
"1 199 MARKET — NICELY FURNISHED
1■ — — rooms, suites and single, from 92 to $5 a
week. ; ■ • ••■ .
SlcAlligter Street.
ft! 71 McALLISTER-LARGE SUNNY FUR-
UJ I 2 nished room; crate, gas, bath; rent low.
Marye Terrace.
6 MARYE TERRACE, off TURK— LARGE
sunny front room, lor 2 gentlemen; also single;
gas: bath.
31 Inn a Street.
q7"l MINNA— LARGE FURNjSrfED SUNNY
Oil basement room; stove, closets, etc.: private
family. >•-
MINNA, COR. EIGHTH— NEWLY FUR-
UU I inshfcd bay-window rooms; $1 week- tran-
sient.
Mititilon Street. . '
CCA MISSION-SINGLE ROOMS, 15c NIGHT,
OQyf 91 week; double room 25c night.
ROPE HOUSE, 1169 MISSION— NICELY
furnished rooms, single or en suite; transients.
Nineteenth Street.
Oqi NINETEFNTH, BET. VALENCIA AND
001 Mission— 2 nicely furnished rooms; refer-
ences.
• Oak Street.
KqO OAK— LARGE FRONT SUNNY
OOO cove room well furnished; rent reasonable.
71 Q OAK— LARGE ROOMTFURNISHED OR
lit/ unfurnished; cheap.
o'l-'arrell Street. '■
mO'FARRELL-SUNNY FRONT ROOM;
i-^.JU elegantly furnished ; all conveniences; cen-
tral: 914. ' '■.".'. . '■-■:
m" A O'FARRELL ST.— ELEGANTLY FUR-
-1 •>! nisbed rooms to let; $2 per week and up-
ward; transient. • ■ - • •
Aqq O'FARRELL, BET. TAYLOR AND
zzOO Jones— House 9 rooms, bath; rent reduced.
El 9 OFARRELL — SUNNY FRONT ROOM;
O±*j bath; private family; 97.
Pine Street.
ft!.! PINE, NR. STOCKTON-SINGLE AND
"11 double rooms; 95 to 910 a month; quiet
house. ,-!■• .*
L\ 9l PINE— ROOMS FOR GENTLEMEN: 96
\J£dl. up; i-unning water; gas; quiet. v
Polk Street..
PI Al POLK, NR. TURK-CHEERFUL FUR-
UXU2 nished room for gentleman: 97.
11 q Q p6lk7c6r7s"utter— 2 sunny bay-
X X OO window rooms, new building.
Post Street. -
7(19 POST, NEAR JONKS — FURNISHED
< \>£i hall bedroom: suitable for gentleman.
•■ ■■■, . owe.l Street.
99;: POWELL, COR. GEARY-WELL FUR-
a.— *_/ nished sunny corner rooms for offices. ; '■ :
second Street.
909 SECOND-NICE SUNNY SINGLE AND
X.17-. double rooms to let reasonable. '
.. tutter__treet.
309 S UTTER-FURNISUED ROOMS TO LET
O\JO for gentlemen.-; " - • :■•■■*■;-,-■
THE ALEXANDRIA,; -781- BUTTER-ELF-
x gant rooms; first-class dining-room: elevator. -/.
■ 'j.b ird.S treet. .. •;
WINCHESTER 1 HOCSE-44 THIRD. NEAR
» » Market; most convenient and respectable- 2«0
rooms 26c to #1 60 per night ; »1 60 to $« per weak;
•iectriu ll«hts in every room; rending I'm 'im bus, ,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, APRIL 2, 1896.
ROOMS TO liET— Continued.
Valencia Street
1/Yiqi VALENCIA— NEWLY FURNISHED
■XvyttOa sunny rooms: very reasonable. f ' • •
Jttigcet Inn co us.
pORNER BAY"- WIN DOW SUNNY SUITES,
Vsultable for doctors or dentists. Grand Southern,
BE. cor. Till mid Mission : elevator: moderate rat os
71 9 post — best^\a^l^~boardT'^5 v ~a-
I X— month: sunny single room with board. $20;
all the comforts of home. . -.-.
SUNNY BAY-WINDOW ROOMS; RUNNING
water; private; table board. 792 Haight st. -
mTURK— REMODELED— NEWLY. FURN-
ished suites and single; first-class table board
TV" ICEL.Y FURNISHED ROOMS; UNSUR-
-*-^ passed for neatness and comfort; 50c, 75c and
91 per day ; $2, 92 50, $3: per week ana up: $8 to
$30 mo. Hackmeler's Hotel. GEO. GRUENIG, Pr.
BEST TABLE BOARD IN THE CITY; $4 50
week. 916 a month, at . Hackmeier's Hotel.
HACKMEIER'S HOTEL, 123-129 EDDY ST.;
new management: GEORGE GR.UENIG. pro-
prietor: board and room $5 and .$6 a week and up.
HOTEL BERTLINU. 714 JiUSH-A FAMILY
hotel: references given and required : all mod-
ern conveniences. ■ '
CUILimKN BOASDKO. v • "
ONE OR MORE - CHILDREN TO BOARD;
mother's care; reasonable. 137 Collins st.
9 OR MORE CHILDREN TO BOARD; MOTH-
— er'scare. 650 Mission st.
{STORKS TO LET.
STORE AND 3 ROOMS; 26 NATOMA ST. AP-
-0 ply BALDWIN <fc HAMMOND, 10 Montgom-
ery st. . • , -, ■
AC\\ KEARNY— NEWLY PAPERED AND
rx\JO painted corner suite, suitable for office.
1 fW-t^ MISSION — FINE STORE AND eel-
S.\J\JQ lar; 104 feet long: opp. new Postofllce.
9-STORY HOUSE; 8 ROOMS; ■'NEAI~MA.IL
— dock; store fixtures. 268 Brannan st.
41 FOURTH— SMALL STORE, WITH ROOM
J^XU in rear; rent low. Apply to O. H. UMB-
SEN A CO.. 14 Montgomery st. '
iFFiI'.S TO LET.
CALIFORNIA SAFE DEPOSIT BUILDING—
\J Offices $10 and upward, including janitor's ser-
vices, heat, electric and gas lights. Apply at room
522 to A. K. BUCKINGHAM.
EASTEKBROOK BUILDING, 20 AND 24
Geary st.: very central; modern offices; ele-
vator: electric lights; cheap. Apply room 32.
. STABLES TO LET.
"OEAUTIFUL LARGE STABLE: 2414 CALI-
XJ fornia st. ; rent cheap. Apply room 26, Chrou-
lclw building. ■-- ; •
MKDICAt.- .
T ADIKS- DaUDET'S ; FEMALE REGULA-
-li ting pills; strongest, safest, best; never fail-
-91 per box. WIDBER'S drugstore, 14 Ellis St.,
formerly cor. Market and Third sts., sole agents. 1
6RE CURE FOR ALL FEMALE DISEASES,
0 from whatever cause: a home in confinement
with every comfort : satisfaction guaranteed, by
MRS. DR. GWYKIt, 226 Turk St.
MRS. DR. WEGENER, PRIVATE HOME IN
confinement; irregularities cured in a few
hours without operation; pills 82. 419 Eddy st.
NEW PROCESS— NO MEDICINE, INSTRU-
-i». ment or worthless pills used; every woman her
own physician for all female troubles.no matter
from what cause; restores always in one day:
helped at once; can be sent and used at home: all
cases guaranteed; if you wane to be treated safe
and sure call on DR. POPPER and MRS. DR.
NAIL, both specialists, 318 Kearny st.
PROF. C. A. TERRELL'S WONDERFUL -'J.
J- B. L. Cascade" treatment cures all diseases by
removing the cause. R. JACKS, agt, 214 Brannan.
ALL FEMALE IRREGULARITIES RE-
stored in a few hours; safe end sure relief at
any time; travelers helped at Once; home in con-
liiifme i: French pills guaranteed: consult free.
MRS. DR. WEVI'H, 916 Post su, near Larkln.
LADIES— CHICH ESTER'S ENGLISH PEN-
nyroyal Pills (Diamond Brand) are the best;
safe, reliable ; take no other; send 4c. stamps for
particulars, "Relief for Ladies," in letter by return
mail; at dmsrslsts Chichester Chemical Com-
> pany, Philadelphia Pa.
BLESSING TO LADIES SUFFERING
from irregularities , and diseases peculiar to
their sexi latest Improved method of treatment:
never fails: perfectly harmless; free from any bad
effects; never makes them sick to make them
well: travelers helped immediately : prices to suit
the times; home in confinement. Woman's Dis-
pensary. 14 McAllister st., next nibernia Bans;
consult free. DR. & MRS. DAVIS' French regu-
lating pills, 92 50.
T. ADIES, CONSULT FREE MRS. DR. SCOTT,
XJ 216 Powell st. ; only qualified specialist: $500
for case I fail to cure; diseases of the eyes treated.
DRS. GOODWIN MAKES A SPECIALTY OF
diseases of women and restores all cases of ir-
regularity In one day; cure or no charce; separate
home for patients: -b«st skill: medical attend-
ucu; low fees; regulator, $2. 1370 Market si.
A HO.MX.A FRIEND AND MOTHER'S CARE..
MRS. DR. FUN 1416 Eighth st.,Alamcda.
A LPEAU'S FRENCH PILLS- A BOON TO
SX. ladies troubled with irregularities: no danger;
Bate and sure; $2 50 express C. O. D.; don't delay
until too late. OSGOODBKOS.. Oakland, Cal. ■ ;
1 R. hall. 14 McAllister STREET, near
J-/. Jones, i^isensfs of women and children.
A WK KK . S >" i;\vs FOR 6 CENTS - TK3
-iV WKJ-.KLV CALL. In wrapper, for mailing.
PHYSICIANS.
REMOVED— DR. C. C. O'DONNELL TO 1206
XV. Market st. ; diseases of woman a specialty.
R.A.deLUCIS,PHYSICN-SURUEON,ROYAL
University Turin, ltaly. Nucleus hide. 66l Marlct
LitilL g*«»TiCJ£4.
OF JTTUA
-i-1 a. M. CO .LI NS, deceased. Notice Is hereby
given by the undersigned, administratrix of the es-
tate of said deceased, to the creditors of, and all per-
sons having claims against the said deceased, to ex-
hibit them with tlie necessary vouchers within four
months after the first publication of this notice to
the said administratrix, at the oflire of Page. M<-
Cutoben & Eells, room 5, ninth floor, Mills build-
ins:, the same being the place for the transaction
of the business of the said estate, in thentyand
County of San Francisco, State of California.
BERTHA L. ANDERSON, administratrix of
the estate of JULIA A. M. COLLINS, deceased.
Dated at San Francisco. April 1, 1896.
pITY AND COUNTY TR*.ASUr"y^ SAN"
V Francieco. March 21. 1896— In compliance
with the provisions of section 5 of order 1598 of
the Board of Supervisors, approved September 15
1880, there will be sold at public autlon by E. is!
Spear & Co., at their salesrooms, 31 and 3/t"sutter
street, on MONDAY, April 20, 1896, at 10 o'clock
a. m.. sundry articles of stileu, lost and unclaimed
property recovered by the police force of San
Francisco, as detailed In an inventory thereof on
file in the office of the Clerk of the Board of Super-
visors, and lonsistingof jewelry, wearing apparel
pistols, knives, etc. Open for inspection on morn-
ing of sale. A. C. WIDBER,
City and County Treasurer.
IN THE SUPERIOR COURtT)F THfTsTATE
of California in and for the City and County of
San Francisco, department No. 10.
In the matter of the application for voluntary
dissolution of ''The San Ysidro Investment Com-
pany" corporation). Notice of hearing. No.
Notice Is hereby given that The San Y'sidro In-
vestment Company, a corporation formed under
the laws of the State of California, has presented
to the Superior Court of tlie state of California in
and for the City and County of San Francisco an
application praying to be dissolved, and thai
MONDAY, the 20th day of April, 1896, at the
hour of 10 o'clock a. m. of that day, or as soon
thereafter as counsel can be heard, ana the court-
room of Department No. 10 of said Superior Court
in and for the City and County of San Francisco, at
the new City Hall, San Francisco, California, are
appointed as the time and place at which said ap-
plication will be heard.
In witness whereof I have hereunto set my hand
and affixed the seal of said Superior Court this
12th day of March, 1896.
[Seai.J C. F. CURRY, County Clerk.
By WM. R. A. JOHNSON
Deputy County Clerk and ex-oihcio Deputy Clerk
of the Superior Court.
DONALD Y. CAMPBELL, Attorney for Peti-
tioners.
I~N~THE SUPERIOR COURT OF THE STATE
of California, in and for the City and Couaty of
tjap Francisco. Department No. 10.
In the matter of the applicat'on for voluntary
dissolution or "The Dinsmoru Water Company 7 '
(a corporation). Notice of hearing. No. 13,949.
Notice is hereby given that The Dinsmore Water
Company, a corporation formed under the laws of
the State OS California, has presented to the Supe-
rior Court of the State of California in and for th<>
City and County of San Francisco an application
praying to be dissolved, and that MONDAY, the
20th day of April, 1896, at the hour of 10 o'clock
a. »f. of that day, or as soon thereafter as counsel
can be heard, and thecourtroom of »>epartment. No
10 of said Superior Court in and for the City and
County of San Francisco. In the new City Hall
Sun Francisco, Cal., are appointed as the time
and place at which said application will be heard
In witness whereof I have hereunto set my hand
and ailixed the seal of said Superior Court this
12thdiiyofMurch, 189(3.
[Seal.J C. F. CURRY, County Clerk.
By WM, R. A. JOHNSON,
Deputy County Clerk and ex-oflicio Deputy Clerk
of the superior Court.
DONALD Y\ CAMPBELL, Attorney for Peti-
tioners.
STOKAUJS '■:>;■.
A' "T^ntanTrvMKgTTin "doC lun ' bujum
. low rates; flre-proof building; Eastern | plan.
rp U. ROO-N'EY. 722 M ISSION— STOR AGE AT
1 .reduced rates: basement. storage. sl 50 per load
TORAGK OF FUKNITORK, ; PIANOS ETC
R. F. OSBORN' <fc CO.. 7ftl and 763 Market at. '
APX I.V FOR RATES FOR "STORING FURNI--
tore, etc. SHIKEK & SHIRKK, 747 Market.
TOR AGE OF FURNITURE, PIANOS, HODSE-
hold goodß, etc. J. M. PIERCE, 785 Market at. ,
EU9OK BROTHERB. 1710 : MARKET-'
- ft. Storage; -low rates; ' telephone South 762. v-v-".--
JJCILDINt; LOAM ASSOCIATION
pb^XTINENTAL
VJ sociation— Home . office, 222 Sanaome at,, 8. F.
General savings A loan business. Ed. E. Hill, Pres.:
Oliver EldriUge, V-Pr. ; W. Corbln, Sec. & Gen.Man!
■ ■;'• CITY - : IIKAL ', ESTATE.' "wl i I -,- ': '.;<
pEAL ESTATE
XV AT
. ______ AUCTION.
13 O'CLOCK NOON. AT THE SALESROOM OF
, ; O'FABRELL & CO., ,
11 MONTGOMERY ST., LICK HOUSE BLOCK,
• THURSDAY, APRIL 2, 1896.
CENTRALLY LOCATED INVESTMENT.
Turk st., S. side, 109 feet E. of Van Ness aye.;
No. 625; 2-story house of 9 rooms, used as a French
laundry; rent $45 per month; two fronts; both
streets* accepted; electric-cars pass the property;
lot 27:6x120 to Elm aye. ■ =
ELEGANT LOTS OPPOSITE ALAMO SQUARE.
Five elegant building lots, . including corner,
forming the NW. corner of drove and Scott sts. :
either as a whole or in subdivisions; both streets
, graded, sewered and macadamized ; opposite Ala-
mo square; fine view.
ELEGANT LOT NEAR MARKET STREET.
North side Pace St., 192:6 west of Laguna;
choice neighborhood: in the midst of fine resi-
dences: overlooks the whole city: only 3 blocks
from -Market st. : Hnight-st. cable-cars one block;
two fronts: street paved and accepted by the city;
size 25x120 to Lily aye.
EXECUTOR'S SALE.
Everett "st., south side. 125 feet east of Fourth:
Nos. 77. 79 and 81 Everett st. ; 3 3-story houses,
2 of 6 rooms each, one of 7 rooms; rents $58 60;
street accepted; terms cash: mortgage can be ne-
gotiated; subject to confirmation of the Superior
Court.
HOME LOT IN MISSION WARM BELT.
Sanchez St., east side. 90 feet south of 24th;
level and ready for building; electric-cars: I street
s>ewerecl and macadamized: size 24x100; terms,
cash above mortgage of $400.
GOLDEN GATE PARK RESIDENCE.
Fulton st., south side, 90 feet E. of Devisadero;
No. 1229; 2-story, 7. rooms and oath: in fine con-
dition: street and crossing paved with bitumen
and accepted by the city; lot 23x112:6 feet. ■
CHOICE SUTTER-3T. CORNER RESIDENCE.
■ Residence NW. cor. of Sutler and Baker sts.:
2600 Sutler st.: 10 rooms and bath; both streets
accepted; lot 42:3x87:6 feet.
TWO LOTS NEAR 17TH AND MARKET STS.
Two lots on Diamond St., W. side, 149 feet S. of
18th; on grade and ready for building; Castro-st.
cable and 18th-st. electric-ears: street sewered,
graded and macadamized: 2 lots, each 24:8x125!
feet; terms, cash above mortgage of $700 on each
lot. |
COZY COTTAGE HOME-CHOICE LOCATION
IN THE WESTERN ADDITION.
Sacramento st . south side (No. 2915). 165 feet
west of Devtsadero; cozy cottage of 6 rooms and
bath: street paved with bitumen and accepted by
city; cable-cars pass the property; Devlsadero-st.
electric-cars, transferring to ail parts of the city, a
few steps from the property; choice neighborhood;
terms, cash above mortgage $1200.
CHOICE BUILDING LOTS IN MISSION
WARM BELT.
Twenty-first St., south side. 200 feet west of
Church: two lots; magnificent view; street graded,
sewered and macadamized: will be sold as a whole
or in equal subdivisions; in the Mission warm
belt; cable and electric cars a short walk from lots;
each lot 25:51, 14 feet.
For further particulars apply to > ■
O'FARRELL & CO., Auctioneers.
r 11 Montgomery st.
PACIFIC HEIGHTS — 3 NEW 12-ROOM
X houses, 2847, 2849 and 2851 Fillmore st., S. of
Green; all modern Improvements: reception hall,
pnrlors, dining, chamber and billiard rooms, tinted
and decorated : furnace heat; all rooms and clos-
ets lighted by electricity or gas; unobstructed
marine view; good investment.
OR SALE OR TO LET— HOUSE OF 7 BOOKS;
X 1 (used as general store aiid residence; lot 60x
110, at San Mateo station. Inquire of RATH-
BUN, on premises !■' .
HOUSJs, r 6 ROOMS, CHEAP. 33 CLINTON
Park; call in morning.
ALHORIQKB. LOUIS A. SOUC.
r a. souc & co.,
REAL ESTATE AND INSURANCE BROKERS.
HOUSES RENTED. RENTS COLLECTED.
465 AND 467 VALENCIA ST., NEAR 16TH.
As we make a specialty of Mission property and
are ritht on the spot, we can save you time and
money by calling on us at once. ■
Qi~\ 7^\f\ 26 * 10 °: YORK ST., NEAR l!0TH ;
OX I O\J • ■ cottage 4 rooms ; stable and drive
y/.J'.t'A 26x125; DIAMONDS! I ., NR. 20TH:
%Xll£O<J\J • modern bay-window cottage, 4 rooms;
bath; laundry : part of basement finished; cheap.
ffIjOXfJII 25x114; FORD ST., NR. CHURCH;
«H'*-«JV/ I.1 '. bay-window cottage; 5 rooms; bath;
large basement and yard. .-- - ■ • \. _
QVftfWl 26x125:. CHATTANOOGA ST.. NR.
ip^\J\J\J. 22d; cozy cottage 5 rooms; bath;
perfect order; flue garden. .
vZjOOnO san carlo 3 aye., NR. 19TH-
«4pOUv\J. 2-story house; 6 rooms; bath; street
work all done and accepted. '
■QQ/inO, * 6x 00; FLORIDA ST., NR. 24TH—
<J3«J:rUI/. modern bay-window flats, 4 and 6
rooms; bath; laundry; in perfect order. -
<4>q7r;O 25 * 105 : dorland, TO rear
tipO I O\J. street: bay-window house: 7 rooms,
bath; all in perfect order: good value at $4600.
QjJ^OO 25x90;: GUERRKRO ST., NEAR
«IDjtUUv/. 19th; modern bay-window cottage; 6
rooms, bath, laundry; a cozy home.
<2»9Q fifkf\ ONE OF THE BEST BUSINESS
>3-j7.UUV. corners in the Mission; lot 65x
100: 2-story building, containing 3 stores and 4
rooms; -3 flats, 5 rooms and bath each; 2 bay-
window cottages; 5 rooms and bath: all in Al or-
der; renting for $2880 per annum. • • '
fflj'j 9 AAA COR. GUERRERO AND 20TH—
VPXA.\J\J\J. Lot 76:6x105: elegant bay-win-
dow house; 8 rooms, bath; salon parlors; large
grounds and stable: Look at this and make
AN OFFER. AS IT MUST GO—
(JX'nn 25x114; 20TH ST., NR. VALES-
t]jpOU\J\J. cia: bay-window house; 8 rooms,
bath; $3500 can remain on mortgage, i
q>lU iAA 30xll4; LIBERTY ST., GUER-
tjp\J\J\J\J. rero; bay-window house; 8 rooms,
bath, laundry; Nob, Hill of the. Mission; grand
view.
ffl?r*r.OA VALENCIA ST., NR. 20TH; LOT
ttp\JO\J\J.~ 25x90; bay-window house, 8 rooms
and bath: could at . small cost be converted ' Into
business property.
<2«XP:nn BARTLETT ST., THROUGH TO
«3>Uc>UU. alley; * 30x117:6: modern 2-story
house, 8 rooms, bath, laundry; heaters through
house: all in Al order; stable for 3 horses; a splen-
did home. • . • -
A VACANT LOTS THAT MUST GO.
50x125; Diamond St.. nr. 20th: $1400.
. 25x114; 18th st., nr. Church: $1000.
27xK8; Church s'., nr. 17th; $1300.
26x90: -J3d St., nr. Sanch«z; $950.
25x100: Chftnery st , nr. 30th; $650..
30:9x117:6; Mission, near 24th: $4100.
26x114; 27th St., near Guerrero; $1000.
25x100: Noe at., near 24th; $1000.
26x178: Mission, through to Kan Jose; $3200.
Our list comprises some of the best property In
the Mission. Lots of all sizes in any of the home-
steads; also good, business corners in any part of
the Mission; call and get a list and prices.
If you want your vacant houses rented place
them with us. » i - •
L. A. SOUC & CO., 465 and 467 Valencia st., near
Sixteenth. • . - . : - :. . : ■. .;
SOL GETZ & BRO.,
,' 'i Vl ;•;■' . ? •'. REAL-ESTATE OWNERS
BOOM A. FIRST FLOOR CROCKER BUILDING
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS.
■VTEW BLOCKS, NEW LOTS,
J-V for homes or investments at great bargains.
Come and see. We buy for cash and get choice
bargains. . ■■ ■ •■--■ . - .*-.-.*"-'- i-r'ii": >~'^ .;-:■■;»-'■•
Q7«TO $200— LOTS NEAR PARK; GRAND
«U) •*J boulevard ; $10 <lowu, $5 monthly. SOL
GETZ& BRO. J
<3> QAH $400 ' ** 50 ' $500 TO . $1100- i
tjp.OUL». Choicest lots in Richmond; near Sutro
electric-car line and near new concert grounds
Affiliated Colleges; on the, south of park; ready to
build on; terms to suit purchasers. SOL GETZ A \
BRO. ~ : /- ; .■■-'■ ..- ■...-.■■"■'- " . '■"• ' "'xi*-j ■'■
IAH To «250-BUILDINO LOTS, NEAR
<JPXvHJ Mlssion-st. - and eleciric-car lines; only
$10 down, $5 monthly. SOL GETZ & BRO. : -: *
CALL FOR MAPS AND DIAGRAMS. ,
sol getz & bro., OWNERS, .
boom A, first FLOOR CROCKER building.
CRI iir\f\ A BARGAIN IN A HOME; FOUR
*Jp IU'JU. rooms and bath; 9-foot . basement:
lot 50 feet frontage; 1 block from Mission St.; $200
down, balance $15 monthly; .can be occupied at
once. JACOB HEY MAN, room 5, Crocker build*
Ing, Post and Market sts. . ■ ■■;.,•-.*,
<S> I AA ND UPWARD-IP YOU WANT !TO
♦IPXUV/ make a i few hundred dollars in a short
time buy one of our lots in Los Angeles: I monthly
payments of $5. M. SALOMON & CO.,
-...■■■■.: ;: ?•,■ -.- ,■..-. .:; '•■ . . 821 Market St., S. F.
ft XA A POSITIVE BARGAIN; M J.OT.-J , 26x
, <H)*J\J\J. 70 each; located near Mission and
Thirtieth; actually : worth $800; will sacrifice, as
owner is leaving city. • BTRAND <fe CO.. 46 Third st.
O»1 AAA WILL SECURE ANEW ba i -win-
ijji X \J\J \J (low cottage; modern I improvements;
basement: :; lot 25x100: :;S.: BroderlcJc- St., near
Hatph.. j Apply 1380 Mission at.-.-.- . . -■•
■A MODERN 5 BOOMS AND bath cottages
t 1 must be cold this . week ; • offer wanted. ■= Apnly
JAMES B. BROOKS, 214 Pine, rooms 68 and 69.
.fiJRAir.CORNKR: 61x100: IN BERKELEY;
(ip*J\J\J. on railroad: $10 monthly.
$400— Corner; • 60x100, with creek. v '"
. - $1500— 100x100; macadamized. - •
$1000— Corner; 100x100; $15 monthly. -
$175— 26x136; «10 down: $5 monthly.
CHAS. A. BAILEY, 20 Montgomery st. '
CITY BISAL BBTATK.
ARE
you 16oklng
for a desirable
building lot at a
moderate price? If
so, take the Guerrero-street - - ..-
Eiectric road (Mission or Valencia
transfer at 14th), ride to Chenery and " T
Castro sts., and see those beautiful LOTS ■ - •' r
in the CASTKO-ST. ADDITION. PRICES
$350 to $400: TERMS $5 MONTHLY; interest
only 6 per cent; perfect title; 135 lots have
been sold in 5 months: 6 cottages are
now in course of construction; all : *.•:,::
streets- are traded, sewered and ~ - - ■■:.: ■■'-
macadamized; water pipes laid;
all ready for home builders, go
at once; cheapest lots in the
city; agent on the ground . .
daily, Sundays. .
I Included. -- '
BALDWIN & HAMMOND, 10 Montgomery st.
CIALL FOR A DIAGRAM - - '■ ~ rT T^~7
)of those lots on Twenty-fifth are,, . ,'.-■.
Point Loboa aye. and Clement st. .
Prices $375 and upward. ■
Terms $10 monthly. -■ '' ;.
Only a very few left. ' ; .
Going fast. - Sutro cars . . ..-:
pass the property.
BALDWIN & HAMMOND, 10 Montgomery st.
CHEAP LOTS •-. ON FOURTH AND FIFTH
) ayes., California and ■ Lake sts. ; street \ work
aone; $50 cash, $10 monthly; $1000 upward:
convenient to 3 car lines; perfect title; good
neighborhood. . .
BALDWIN &. HAMMOND, 10 Montgomery St.
IT'S TOO BAD ■-..- • • '.. - '- .•• ■' ■-• ■: ~
X EVERYBODY CAN'T HAVE A LOT.
Only a limited number in the block, you know,
and they are going fast. There is no other block
in Richmond where the prices are so low. Think
of it: Lots on Eleventh and Twelfth ayes.. Cali-
fornia and Lake sts.; level as a Moor. Streets
graded, sewered and macadamized.
$600 to $725. ' "
i $60 CASH. $10 MONTHLY.
INTEREST ONLY 6 PER CENT.
CaliforniA-st. cars pass the property. j Sutro care
and public school within a block. Go to-day and
seethe lots. Call on us . to-morrow. Bring $50
and start the best kind of a bank account. i
BALDWIN & HAMMOND, 10 Montgomery st.
MCAFEE BROTHERS, . ■•-. ..-. -.■■■■ ■ ■••-.
I*l REAL ESTATE BROKERS
;>,,: AND FINANCIAL AGENTS,
' 108 MONTGOMERY ST.
BARGAINS.
3i91 OO DEVTSADERO ST., NR. GOLDEN
*$±iX\3\J. Gate Park; 25x116; ready to build
on and street work done. :■ ~:«;.
<Sfi7^n DEVISADERO-ST. INVESTMENT
<TU I O\J. in the business portion; lot 27:6x100;
cottage of 7 rooms, renting for $660.
(ft! Q 000 DEVISADERO-ST. RESI-
XO .\J\J\J . dence; » \V corner, south of Jack-
son; nearly half 50 vara; with dwelling-rooms, etc. ;
fine yard; elegant view; a splendid property.
$2500 DOWNTOWN CORNER.
ftQAA EACH; 5 LOTS; RICHMOND, LAKE
tJpCjvvj st.; street graded and sewered ; desirable
site.
(JU'^OO CHEAP DOWNTOWN CORNER:
*ii)£.O\J\J . Sacramento st., near : Stockton; 30
feet front.
117" ANTED— RESIDENCE LOT IN WEST-
| •Tj crn Addition or farther out In exchange
; for Oakland business property, ■• worth «7500,
: free of mortgage; but a very short, distance
from the City Hall; some mortgage would be as-
sumed.
MCAFEE BROTHERS.
I 108 Montgomery st.
\IODKRN 2-STORY DWELLING, 7 ROOMS;
l'l bath, basement and attic, built for $2500; flats
an ! cottages built at most reasonable rates. Call and
see plans. JAS. Mcci All V. 1 149 Mission st.
COISTKY KEAL. ESTATJL. "
RANGE LANDS. ■■ " " - - - : — —
RANGE LANDS. ; -.'■ '-• r ~ - -^ : '-
-■:■ -f:-? : ; bargain prices.
BARGAIN PRICES, i
i $70 PER ACRE.
SIX ANNUAL PAYMENTS.
ORANGE-BLOSSOM COLONY,
i ORANGE-BLOSSOM COLONY.
I OAKDALE, STANISLAUS CO., CAL.
A 10-acre orange grove makes a nice home and
at the same time a good investment: it will cost
you unimproved $700, planted and cultivated
$1750; about $300 cash, balance in five annual
I payments: no interest: the trees d lan on this
! property will begin bearing in about 3 years, and
! the fourth and fifth years will be paying large re-
turns. .-.-,■;. , .
\Ve have an experienced horticulturist in charge
of the colony who will care lor non-resident own-
ers' properties very reasonably.
For further particulars, maps and circulars ap-
ply to EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO.,
„■ 638 Market St., San Francisco,
Or T. KNOWING, our representative, Oakdale.
Cal. .■";".: . i .
rpo LOCAL AND EASTERN" INVESTORS IN
X country real estate— We would call your atten-
tion to Novato; small chicken aid fruit ranches,
homes, business sites in this growing section are
; in demand and prices advancing; mention require-
ments and get list and prices. SH AND & RIB-
LET, Novato, Marin County, Cal.
THE BEAUTIFUL FAIRVIEW VILLA,
Santa Rosa, in subdivisions of 3 acres to 20
acres, with or without fruit, at your own terms. '
"I Qi)l ACRES. ONLY $10 HER ACRE; GOOD
X U*i3 land, 40 miles out; a pretty place tor sum-
mer home, fishing, hunting or poultry.
HUGH BHIELS, 602 Market St., Crocker build-
ing. ... ■ :. -' ■ -, ■ ... ■
\7-ALUABLE CONTRA • COSTA COUNTY
t lands for sale on easy terms. . - ■
£000 ACRES; BANCHO BOCA DE LA CAN-
\J\J\J\J ada del Pinole: 12 miles east of Berk eley,
near narrow-gauge railroad. \
1 300 -ACRES OF CHOICE LEVEL U.ND
±O\Jv> adjoining San Pablo railroad depot and
bordering on the bay of San Francisco
Ol i A ACRKS CHOICE ■ VINEYARD LAND
*J\i\J adjoining the famous vineyards of the
Mount Diablo and Glen Terry wine companies at
Clayton, Cal.
Also 2 tracts of 665 acres each within 8 miles of
the Pinole railroad station. Apply to the owner,
. , ■ SIMON BLUM, Martinez.
OAN RAFAEL AND RoriS~V ALLEY— .- r
0 Land for sale or exchange by J. TUNSTEAD.
San Rafael, Cal. . ■ . . .■ . ■ -.- ,-|
WANTED— TO BUY A GOOD, WELL-IM-
proved farm in one of the bay counties; value
not to exceed $7600. Address HARRY M. MORSE
906 Broadway. Oakland. : - .
MARIN COUNTY— 6OOO ACRES 26 MILES
irom San Francisco. \ v - :
. Bancho de Novato.
Tracts cut any size desired; fruit, grain and
vegetable land, no Irrigation ; both rail and water
transportation; $40 to $75 ocr acre; terms made
to suit; send for circular.
Improved dairy farms for sale with cows.
SYNDICATE INVESTMENT COMPANY, 64
and 66 Chronicle building.
T/<AKM PROPERTIES, ALL KINDS AND ALL
X sizes, improved and unimproved, for sale In the
best part of Alameda rouuty. Inquire Of B. SAL/.,
Centreville., • • •
ITTLE HOMES : CLOSE TO TOWN : IM-
XJ proved; easy terms; also 4, 6 and 12 acre
pieces on 8 and 10 years' credit; 3 partly Improved,
with small house, etc D. H. TWIN G, Sonoma
City. Inquire 632 Market St.. S. F.
SEND FOR OUR LIST OF ORCHARD HO ME*
0 for sale. WOO3TEK A WHITTON, San Joss.
"I/OR SALE— BO ACRES, PARTLY FENCED:
X 1 good water. Apply 614 Second st. . .
pANCH FOR SALE— 2OO ACRES: I% MILES
Xt from Placervllle, F.I Dorado County; 50 acres
in cultivation; good assortment fruit trees; 22 va-
rieties table gr apes, which are shipped all over the
United States and Mexico, enjoying line reputa-
tion no irrigation required ; house of 6 rooms mid
cellars; furniture; kitchen utensils; large barns
and complete outfit farming implements; terms
reasonable. Address Ranch, box 28, Placerville,
Cal. ■■ - . ■'.-■ . -,-. . ■ ■- : ■. .-;■ _- -.; -. ...
«C7^ AND UPWARD LOTS IN EAST OAK-
»ID I *J land ; easy terms.
<2»O;^ per acre; quantity to suit: fine soil; near
*JP OO I'ieasanton, Alameda Co. : terms to suit : also
a few improved cozy country homes near by; 5 to
20 acres at half former value; easy terms: will ex-
change. LEE & KISER, 306 Montgomery st.
FINE QUARTZ, GRAVEL, -MINING AND
timber property in Nevada Co. call or write H.
L. W., 719 folk St., city; call Mon., Wed., Sat. .
pHEAPEST AND BEST IN AMERICA-THE
\J WEEKLY CALL, sent to any address in the
United |States or Canada one year for $1 50, post-
age free. .■■-■■■-. • - . r
~~~ iiu>t;t To i.o.li>. ~~ •;' -
"DIG CAPITAL IN TRUST 6 PER CENT-
Xt the same rate on a ■ second mortgage or any
other security, •; or across the bay. • Coin, box 19
i Call Office. . .-;. . .. -. : ; --,-.;-■ ■■'■._"■. '
DVANCE ON LIFE INSURANCE, LEGA-
cles, pianos; lowest rates. 215 Sansome, rm 5.
MORTGAGES, LOANS ON COLLATERA
MX low rates. Sylvain Salopian & C 0. ,328 Montgy
1 ST & 2D MORTGAGES: INTERESTS IN ES-
Xtates;lowest rates :no deIay .MURPHY.62B Mrkt,
it^inii 000 oN ke * l kstatk lowest
t|pUlM> ? A.SCHULLER,6OB Montgy
A DVANCESONDIAMONDS.JEWELHV, KTC
-TV Columbia Loan & Collateral Office, 9 (iraiu »ye.
A NY AMOUNT: IST, 2D or 3D MORTGAGES;
X\. estates, undivided interests, real estate in pro-
bate. McCOLGAN, 24 Montgomery, rooms 2-3. :"
ONBY LOANED ON~JEWKLRY AND
i other valuables - at the ■ Security ■■ Loan Offlca,
: 1106 Market st.. nr. Mason; private entrance 7 Turk, j
IRECT ON YOUR FURNITURE OR PIANO;
no removal: no delays; ' no commissions- I low
interest. : Km. 68, Donohne bldg, 1170 Market st.
LOANS %ON REAL ESTATE: IST -OR 2ND
mortgages, furniture or pianos without ■ re-
moval lln I the I city and Oakland or Alameda, any
amount: lowest rates. BECKER, 328 Montgomery.
- ! , I'AWN IiKOU : :"■
T. 128 KEABnV " ST.. ROOM" 9— MONEY
loaned, watches, diamonds, etc.; low rates: pri-
: vate rooma: elevator: : pledges for sal > cheap. .-■ , ; ■..
;■,-:.-. :-•-/;■■■-. I'LNA.NCiAL, .■: ...V, >■■•■'
<J!n n?TiVrrrTo"^oX^oN'Tii^~TNiuß^
•JpXv/y .U\_F» ance policies: bankbooks bought;
a.so I Cripple : Creek mining stocks. JOSEPH B.
TOPLITZ, room 9. 330 Pine st. :".■.-,-.- ;. j
CALIFORNIA SAVING AND LOAN SOCIETY
;\J booKs bought for cash. X., box 75, Call Office.
-'. ■ '■-"•-'■■"' 'vj'. 1 * '.'•' *■-: :V?*i= v I ■-■'■•-■ ■■ . ."■■■■ ' . ■- '
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— BROADWAY.
, OAKLAM) KKAL. ESTATE.
IOOK! $100! LOTS ON INSTALLMENTS;
■I no Interest: near local trains and electric can.
H. B. PINNEV, 902 Broadway. Oakland.
OUSEti FOR SALE-MONTHLY PAY-
meats $15, 520, $25, $30: no cash down; we
have special bargains in this line.
■ Also some .very rare bargains from $500 to
$1000. less tban;iheir cash value: terms $100 or
more cash; balance to suit; see them; they are Al.
•We have a large list of suburban and country
homes, fruit and grain ranches; special agents for
that department .... .. ,
; We have the .finest and largest house-'entlng
agency in the city or' Oakland -.visiting strangers
and friends most cordially welcome. .. :
We take pleasure in showing you our city free
Of charge; carriages await your pleasure.
J. 8. MYERS, 1002 Broadway, Oakland.
HOUSE AND BUILDING LOTS ON INSTALL-
ments equal to rent; close to Fruitvale sta-
tion; 45 minutes to San Francisco; 13 minutes to
Broadway, Oakland: street work all done; sewers,
gas and water in. Apply to Syndicate Investment
Company, EDWARD DICK, agent, Fruitvale st*.
tion. .
A COZY HOME MUST BE SOLD; HALL,
XV parlors and dining-room beautifully frescoed:
four bedrooms artistically tinted: art glass win-
dows; full electric service; cement basement
floor; one of the sunniest houses to be haa; five
minutes to station; between two electric lines;
first-class neighborhood; fine lo ; offered for only
$4600; terms can be arranged: call without de-
lay; do not wait. A. H. BREED «£ CO., 460
Ninth st., Oakland.
\y ANTED— I WANT TO BUY A 6-ROOM
" house and lot in Oakland or Berkeley: state
location and bottom cash price. Address Cash,
Call Office, Oakland.
rpo EXCHANGE-6-ROOM COTTAGE HOME
-L in Oakland, $4000, clear, for small improved
ranch. J. H. EPSON, 908 Broadway, Oakland.
"I O-ROOM. HOUSE; 100-FOOT LOT; ONLY 5
x.ii blocks from Broadway ; sunny northwest cor-
ner; make me an offer. H. A., box 7, Call Office,
Oakland. .
ARGAIN ON BRUSH ST.: 9-ROOM HOUSE;
60-foot lot on corner; bath, laundry, etc.;
price $5000: worth $7000; terms satisfactory
WM. P. TODD. 1008 Broadway, Oakland.
j. est bargain in fruitvale— house 6
■•> rooms, with or without furniture; barn, two
chicken-houses, 100 chickens: artesian wen, wind-
mill and tank: fruit trees and rubbery; horse,
harness and phaeton: lot 100x210; price only
$2260 For terms see owner at Fruitvale Land
Company, Fruitvale station. .
''■ OAKLAND ROOMS TO LET. . ;
TT OUSEKE EPINxTR^Jo^I^r^^BNISHED^OR
XX unfurnished: reasonable to responsible parties.
1229 Broadway, Oakland. . ■■-
ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— I43S PARK STREET.
AUM l<TiA ' REAL I- STATE.
LOOK-$350 FOR .LOTS HALF A BLOCK
from Park St.. Alameda. on installments: fine
! location. H.B. PINNEY, 902 Broadway, Oakland.
j "POR.SALE. 1 ~"^ ! '
j $5200— 550 cash; $22 50 monthly 5 rooms and
bath: new colonial cottage.
$2800-Nocush: $26 monthly; 35x100; corner
house; 6 rooms and batn.
$3000-SSO cash; $30 monthly; 33:4x100; 5
rooms and bath: handsome new cottage. • -
*3500-S2OO cash: $30 monthly; 33x150; 6
rooms and bath; elegaut cottage on principal
driveway.
$3500-$ lOO cash: $35 monthly: 33x100; 7
rooms and bath; handsome colonial cottage. •
HOUSES TO LET— FROM $10 UP.
All the above houses are situated on Improved
streets, near schools and stations; gas, sewer and
water connections perfect.
(■ TO LET. .
Elegant, sunny and perfectly new stores, with
rooms in rear and flats above If desired; rent rea-
sonable; location central; at stations and on prin-
cipal streets. ■■ : .
OPEN SUNDAYS AND HOLIDAYS, y
MARCUSE & KEMMEL, Bav-st station, Ala-
meda, and 628 Market st., S. F. ■
i>«)nnn . 50 CASH AND $20 PER MONTH;
♦IP— iUUU, cottage 4 room s.
'- $2300— 5300 cash and $25 per month; new cot-
tage of 6 rooms.
$2750— cash and $25 per month: new cot-
tage of 5 rooms. '
$3000— 5600 cash and $30 per month; new cot-
tage of 5 rooms. .
$3000— 5200 cash and $25 per month; house of 6
rooms. -.. . . • ■ - •
$4000— $800 cash and $40 per month; house of 7
rooms. ... .
All modern houses on improved streets and near
the trains. We have also on hand a few maeniH-
cient homes, new and modern, at greatly reduced
prices and easy terms. * -
JOSEPH A. LEONARD COMPANY',
; ■'■■>. 1364 Park st.; Alameda.
Cj!9'-inn AN ELEGANT" NEW COTTAGE:
yT— O\J V. 5 rooms and bath; lot 30x203; $150
cash, $20 per month— No. 732. •
$1760— Cottage: 5 rooms and bath; $20 per
I month: a snap— No. 736. -;:-••-.: r
$2000— New cottage: 5 rooms and bath; lot 30x
127; $150 cash, $20 per month— No. 739.
$1500— Worth $2700; to close an estate: corner:
94x115; street work, sewer, etc., complete; - will
make 3 building lots.
$3000— New modern cottage: near station; no
cash down; $30 per month— 698.
$960 — acres land on Bakers aye.; worth
$1700; one-half cash.
Choice lots for sale, houses to let in all parts of
Alameda. H. P. MOREAL & CO., 1432 Park st.
•ft 100 TO * 250 DOWN, 5V5 MONTHLY; NEW
<JP -I "V/ 5 and 6 room cottages with every modern
convenience; near station, school, etc : with large
lot: $2400 to $3000: send for illustrated book of
AUmeda,- free. - Alameda Land Company, 1600
Park at., Alameda. . ■ .
JJI-JK «»>.[.!:, i U£Au ESTATE.
TO LET— $22 50 PER MONTH FOR A BEATjI
tiful bouse. of 7., large rooms; carpeted; lot
100x135 feet, with fruit trees and flowers: close to
station and cars. W. C. MORAN, Lorln Station,
Berkeley.
Til E RE IS NO PLACE LIKE HOME, IF IT 18
-Lin Berkeley . look at this— house of . 7 rooms,
concrete foundation, large lot, overlooking the bay,,
and only $2500. JAS. J. MASON. Berkeley station.
G. MAY & CO., REAL ESTATE AND
. building, 2123 Center St.. Berkeley.
PROPERTY TO EXCHANGE.
iJOTaV^^ ~
00 105 ranches, large and small —
140 vacant lots, everywhere.™
46 hotels and lodging-houses.
108 business places, all prices. — —
WHAT HAVE YOU TO OFFER .
I SELL AND EXCHANGE .
All Kinds of property. '■ — — ! . — —^~
. H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market St., opp. Fifth.
'-f^Ofl FLAT MORTGAGE OF $700;
tjr*)O\J\J . house, 10 rooms, on a main street In
Oakland: trade for San Jose property. HUGH M.
CAMERON, 479 Ninth at., Oakland.
1 VftA ACRES TIMBER LAND, KERN CO.:
J--~UVJ water: tlntforcattle-raialng. N..bx.l6.C'all
TO LEASE.
rpo LEASE-280 FEET FRONT ON BAY ST.,
-L bet,. Powell and Mason, hy average depth of 140
feet, with bulldiDgs and power if required; admir-
ably suited to cannery or other purposes. Apply
California Wire Works. 332 Bay st.. or 8 Pine st.
PKOPOSALS.
PROPOSALS FOR THE CONSTRUCTION OF
Xa sewer in Folsom street, from Fourteenth
Street to Fifteenth street.
Office of the Clerk of the Board of Supervisors of
the City and County of Sun I'rauclsco, Alarcti 31,
1896.
In accordance with Resolution No. 13,819 (Third
i Series) of tbe Board of Supervisors, SEALED
! PROPOSALS will be received in open session of
the board on MONDAY AFTERNOON. April 6,
1896, from 8 to 3:30 o'clock, for supplying all ma-
terial and constructing a 10-inch ironstone-pipe
i sewer, with two manholes aud covers, in Folaom
• street, from Fourteenth to Fifteenth, to connect
i with the sewer now in Fourteenth street, in ac-
cordance with specifications prepared by the City
; and County Surveyor, on Ule in this office.
The work to be done under the direction and
j to the satisfaction of the Superintendent of Streets
! and Street Committee of ihe Board of Supervisors,
! and to bo comple'ed within uiuety days from date
Of award of contract.
Eight hours to constitute a day's work for per-
sons employed upon the work.
NOTlCE.— Bidders will estimate and state a
price for which all material will be furnished and
the entire work performed.
The party to whom this contract is awarded will
be required, prior to or at the Mmeof the execution
of the contract, to pay the coat of advertising this
notice in three daily newspapers.
In order to prrserve uniformity and to facilitate
the award the .Hoard ha* resolved to receive no
bids unless made upon blank forms prepared by
the committee, and acertifird check for the sum of
$500 dt-poslted hy the bidder with and made paya-
ble to the Cleric of the Board, conditioned if tb.e
proposal isaccep ea and thecoutract awarded, and
if the bidder shall fail or neglect to pay the print-
ing charges, execute a written contract and give
the bond required within six days after the award
is made, then and in that case the said sum shall
be paid into the City and County Treasury by said
Clerk as liquidated damages for such failure and
neeiect.
Blanks furnished by the Clerk.
The Board reserves the right to reject all bids If
the public good 80 require.
JOHN A. RUSSELL. Clerk.
ATTOKN AT- JL AW. ■ f
"ATn^icE^RT£E^DrVoß^^£Xws~A^p^c^
XV alty; private; no chanre unless successful; all
law suits, claims, collections, wills, deeds, etc., at-
tended to. O. W. HOWK, att'y-at-law. 850 Market
WW. D AVIDSON, ATTORNK Y-A r-LAW.42O
*' /• California St., rooms 14 and 16; advice free.
MJ. SOLES, ATTORNEY- AT- I*AW. - 719
• Market st. ; advice free. ■';■;.!
J. MURRAY, ATT'Y"aND COUNSELOR AT
.law; advice free. 24 Sixth at., rooms 14, 15.
- •■ SEWING MACHINES. ■
VXIA KINDS} BOUGHT^ BOLD,"EXCHiNOED[
xi. rented, repaired; lowest rales. UO5 i'ourth sc.
DENTISTS. ' .
rTIT^TT : bTn^E^tIiACTION t PAINLEBS,
crown - work, bridge . work and teeth without
plates a specialty. 103 Geary st., cor. Grant aye.
ROOME DENTAL ASSOCIATION, 759 MAR-'
VJ ket, bet. 3d and 4tb. gas specialists: only reli-
able agent for painless extraction; artificial teeth
frm $5; fillings frm $1; extracting 50c, with gas $1.
C£7'A SET FOR TEETH: WARRANTED AS
<|P I good as can be made: filling $1." Dr. SIMMS , >
dentist. 930 Market St., next Baldwin Theater. .-.:
R. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 ; MARKET I ST.,
near Eleventh: no charge for extracting when
plates are made: old plates made over like new; .
teeth from $8 per set; extracting 50c; gas given. . .
ONEST WORK: VERY LOWEST PRICES.
DR. H ARDCASTLE, 628 Montgomery, rm. 1.
ULL SET OF TEETH, $7; WARRANTED
five years. PR. V. CAVaLSKY, 24 Sixth st.
ET OF TEETH WITHOUT A PLATE. DR. H.
OG. YOUNG, 1841 Polk st. •'■...• "
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. THiS GENUINE
Leek dentist, discoverer of painless extraction
and patentee of Improved- bridge work or teetn
without any plate, moved from 6 to 20 O'Farrell at.
PAINLESS EXTRACTION. 60c; CROWN
bridge work a specialty; plates, $5 up: 13 veara'
experience. R. L. WALSH. D.D.S.. 81534 Geary.
DR. H. H. SHAW, 224 KEARNY — BRlbGfi- ,
■ work a specialty; open evenings 7:30 to 9.
OLTON DENTAL ASSOCIATION. 806 MAR-
) ket st. DR. CHARLES W. DECKER.
DR. J. J. LEEK, 1206 MARKET, COR. GOLDEN
Gate aye. — Open evenings: Sundays till noon. j
LL WORK REASONABLE AND WAB-
ranted. DR. J. W. KEY. 1123 Market st.
MARRIAGE LICENSES,
The following marriage licenses were issued by
the County Clerk's office yesterday:
Arthur R. Ness and Tillie Krenz, 25—21.
W. F. Lamonreaux and V. B. Angles. 23 — 20.
Benno L. Melninger and Fanny Duffy, 30—22.
A. Warren Robinson and Jessie Mackay. 48— $7.
William Johnston and Ida B. Hayes, 34—27.
Complaints filed:
Emily C. Basmore against W. A. Basmore.
Bell Crow against Z. Crow.
Byron Erown against Mary A. Brown.
Jennie V. Monroe against H. F. Monroe.
Jennie C. Achorn against H. Frank Achorn.
Divorces granted :
Annie Shadborne from Leonard A. Shadborne,
for cruelty; by Judge Hunt.
Nellie A. Clarke from Charles B. Clarke, for
cruplty: by Judge Seawell.
Lolita Blackett Day from Francis Maher Day,
for neglect; by Judge Seawell.
Unie E. Antonelle from Jo-eph S. Antonelle, for
cruelty by Judge Daingerfleld. Plaintiff allowed
to r same her maiden name of Unie E. Kadderly.
BIRTHS — MARRIAGES — DEATHS.
BORN.
AHRENS— March 29, 1896, to the wife of W.
Ahrens, a daughter.
HEYDENFELDT— Tn this city, April 1,1896, to
the wife of Ine O. Heydenfeldt, a son.
OPPENHEIMER— In this city, March 29, 1896,
to the wife of Harry Oppenheimer, a daughter.
MARRIED.
ATTHOWE-BERESFORD— In this city, Man-n
28, 189«, by the Rev. George D. B. Stewart, Wil-
liam J. Atthowe and Pattie Beresford, both of
Man Francisco.
NEISH— GUNN— In this cltv, March 31, IKS 6. by
the Rev. E. B. stewart. James Glen Nebhaad
Lizzie Helen Gnnn.
hied.
Beprrnan. Abraham Morris, Emma E.
Brady, Elizabeth. A. O'Donnell. May A.
Brandon, Ann O'Keefe, Mary
Comfort. Martha Paulden. Nellie
Ficke, Minna Philiips, Oscar J.
Krager, Maria Spaulding, Charles'J.
Lancel, Esaie J*. Turner. Juanita
McCormack, Eunice Walker, Marcia A.
Mitchell, Christopher Yaretzsky, Mendel
BEERMAN— In this city, April 1, 1896. Abraham,
beloved husband of Rachel Beerman, and father
of Charles, Wilfred, Irene and Idlth Beennan.
a native of Cassell, Germany, aged 53 years 4
months and 6 days.
in>"Frlends ana acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to a'tend the funeral THIS DAY
(Thursday'), at 1:30 o'clock p. it., from his late
residence, 3217 Jackson street, thence by elec-
tric car from Eighteenth and Guerrero streets to
New Salem Cemetery.
BRADY— In this city. March 31. 1896. Elizabeth
Ann. beloved wife of Richard Brady, and mother
of Richard, Matilda, Samuel, John, Edward,
Mathewand the late George Brady, a native of
County Tyrone. Ireland.
tfir*Frlends and acquaintances arp rpsnect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Thursday^, at 9:30 o'clock a. if., from her late
residence, 905 Bryant street. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
BRANDON-In this city. April 1, 1896, Ann.
dearly beloved wife of Patrick Brandon, and
mother of Patrick H., JoseDh, Edward J., Wil-
liam, Sarah. Minnie and the late Owen Bran-
don, a native of the parish of Ahascragh,
County Galway, Ireland, aged 60 years 8 months
and 4 days.
JS-yFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Friday), at 12:30 o'clock p.m.. from her late
residence. 28 Clarence place, off Third ami 1 own-
send streets. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
COMFORT— In this city. March 31, 1896, Martha
Comfort, a native of Philadelphia.
FICKE— In this city, March 30, 1896, Minna, bo-
loved wife of Charles H. Ficke, mother of Eoimi
Ficke, and sister of Gusiav Wllker, a native oi
Pommern, Germany, aged 33 years 6 months
and 11 days.
JBGS~Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Thursday), at 10 o'clock a. St. from the par-
lors Of H. F. Suhr <fc Co., 1209 Mission street,
near Eighth. Interment Cypress Lawn Ceme-
tery.
KRAGER— In this city, April 1, 1896. Maria,
relict of the late Ferdinand Krager, and mother
of Theresa Krager, a native of Clonmany, County
Donegal, Ireland, aged 69 years.
j(PS"Friends and acquaintances arp re*o*c-
fully invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Friday), at 1 o'clock P. m.. from her late
residence, San Bruno road and Twenty-eighth
6treet, thence to St. Peter's Church for services.
Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
LANCEL— In San Rafael. April 1, 1896. Esai« J.
Lancel, a native of France, aged. 27 years 1
month and 7 days.
j(-y Notice of funeral hereafter.
McCORMACK— In this city. March 31, 18fl6,
Eunice McCormack. beloved sister of Mrs. Sarah
Burns, and beloved aunt of Mrs. J. J. Flanagan
and Mrs. E. F. Burns, a native of County Done-
gal, Ireland, aged 76 years.
£9~Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Thursday), at 2:30 o'clock p. v., from her late
residence, 643 Valencia street, thence to Mission
Dolores Church for services, commencing at 9
o'clock p. m. Interment Mount Calvary Ceme-
tery. Please omit tiowers.
MITCHELL— In Colma, April 1, 1896, Christo-
pher, youngest son of William and Elizabeth
Mitchell, a native of Colma, Cal., aged 15 years.
MORRIS— In Berkeley, Marcb 31, 1896, Emma
E.. beloved wife of Moses Morris, a native oi
New York, aged 44 years.
afiF 1 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Friday), at 2 o'clock P. m., from Loring Hall,
corner Eleventh and Clay streets, Oakland, un-
der the auspices of R ebekah Degree Lodge No.
16. Appomatox Relief Corps No. 6. Star of Truth
No. 19, O. S. 8., and Caienth* Temple No. 0,
Ratbbone Sisters.
O'DONNELL— In this city, April 1, 1896, May
Augustine, beloved daugnter of John and Annu
O'Donnell, a native oi San Franciaco, aged 4
years and 10 months.
JiS" Friends are respectfully Invited to attend
the funeral THIS DAY (Thursday), at 2:30
o'clock p. M\, from the residence of her parents,
835 Twenty -third street. Interment Mount Cal-
vary Cemetery.
O'KEEFE— In this city, April J, 1896, Mary, be-
loved wife of Patrick O'Keefe, mother of John-
nie, Joseph. Frankle, Mamie and Daniel O'Keefe.
and niece of Mrs. J.H.Leonard, a native oi
County Donegal, Ireland, aged 34 years. [Phila-
delphia papers please copy. J
<y Friends and acquaintances are resoect-
fully invited to attend the funeral TOMORROW
(Friday), at 10:30 o'clock a. m.. from her late
residence, 816 Lyon street, thenoe to Holy Cross
Church for services, Interment Holy cross
Cemetery.
PAULDEN— In this city, March 31, 1896, Nellie,
beloved wife of Charles A. Paulden, and mothei
of Harry and Alfred Paulden, a native of Lon-
don, a?ed 32 years.
ff#" Friends are respectfully invited to attend
the funeral THIS DAY (Thursday), at 1
o'clock p. M., from her late residence, 2616 How-
ard street. Please omit flowers. Intermeut pri-
vate, Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
PHILLIPS— In this city, March 31, 1896, Oscar J.
Phillips, a native of Germany.
SPAULDING— In this city. April I, 1896, Charlei
J. spuuldiug, a native of Massachusetts, aged 69
years.
TURNER— In this city, April 1, 1896, Juanita,
beloved wife of Frederick Turner, and mother oi
George F., Carrie, William and Edward Turner,
and Mrs. P. J. McMahan, a native of Peru, aged
63 years.
A9~Friends ana acquaintances are resoect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral TO MORROW
(Friday), at 2 o'clock p. k., from her late resi-
dence 1208 a Howard street, thence to St.
Joseph's Church for services. Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery.
WALKER— In this city, Marcb 31, 1896, Marcia
A. Walker, a native of lowa, aged 64 years.
YARETZSKY-In this city, March 31, 1896, Men-
del Yaretzsky, father of Mrs. B. Ring, Mrs. J
Lipsheo, Mrs. N. Conn and Ed Lewis, a native ol
Germany, aned 64 years 8 months and 16 days.
CXITKD I'JfDERTAKEKS' I
EMBALMING PARLORS.
Everything Requisite for First-class Funerals
at Reasonable Rates.
_J_TelP]Thone_goutt^l67. 27 and 29 Fifth st.
McAVOY A CALLACHER, I
FUNKRAL DIEKCTORS A EMBALMER3,
SO Fifth St., Opp. Lincoln School.
Telephone 8080.
Jas. McMenomey. Chas. AicMieNOMirrT
JAMES McMENOMEY * SOX,
UKOKBTAKEBB AND KHBALH£BB.
1069 ltisalon Street, Near Se»eutli.
Telephone N*. 3354.
1516
ORIGIN OF THE
ROENTGEN RAYS
The Statement of Professor
Clarence L. Cory of
Berkeley.
LAW OF THE SOURCE.
Many Successful Experiments at
the Electrical Engineer
ing Laboratory.
BEFEffITE RESULTS REACHED.
Science Now Looks to California to
Solve the Problem of the Great
German Discovery.
BERKELEY, Cai.., April I.— ln regard
to the recent investigations which have
been made by Professor C. L. Cory, In
structor J. N. Le Conte and R. W. Ix>h
Figure I— Showing the Tnbe and Its Arrangement for Most of the Experiments Carried On by the Professors at the Uni
versity of California in Their Great Work of Determining the Origin of the Wonderful Roentgen Rays.
[Drawn from a photograph taken at the University for "The Call."]
man of tbe department of electrical engi
neering at the State University, concerning
the true source of the Roentgen rays, the
following description of their experiments
has been prepared by them for The Call:
THE SOURCE OF THE ROENTGEN BAYS.
Ever since the discovery by Professor Roent
gen that it is possible to take radiographs by
means of a Crookes tube, excited by means of
an induction coil or static machine, experi
ments have been carried on in many places to
either repeat some of Roentgen's original ex
periments, or to investigate the true nature,
action and production of the new rays. One
of the things that has especially interested the
scientific investigator has been the divergence
of opinion among, the leading scientific men
as regards the true source of the Roentgen rays.
Professor Woodward was perhaps one of the
first to eliow tbe glass vacuum envelope is not
necessarily the only source of the Roentgen
rays. By means, of his "ray lump" the rays
were generated in the aluminum side of the
tube itself. Professor Rowland and Professor
Elrhn Thomson have each published articles the
conclusions of which are that, uith the tube*
they rued, the Roentgen rays proceeded from
the acode. Professor Macfarlane in the Elec
trical World of March 14 describes some ex
periments made with a cylindrical Crookes
tube ten inches long and one and a half
inches in diameter, the cathode being the
metal disk placed in the center and the anodes
at the two ends. The results indicated that
the 'ends of the tube were the sources of the
rays. One would conclude, however, from
Protessor Macfarlane's statement that the
floreseent glass was the source of the rays.
Dr. Phillip Mills Jones of San Francisco, wno
has made a number of extended experiments
recently, came to the conclusion that the ac
tive rays came irom the anode. Another of
his conclusions was "that the X rays do not
emanate from the glass, as advanced by Roent
gen." Such was the divergence of opinion
that we began on March 23 in the electrical en
gineering laboratory of the University of Cali
fornia extended experiments with a large num
ber of differently shaped Crookes tubes
with various positions of the cathode and
anode teimlnals, with the attempt to get the
true source of the rays.
Thin pine boards % of an inch thick and hav
ing an area3x4 inches were carefully marked off
in squares of V 2 an inch on each side. Thin
wire nails were then driven upright in the
boards at the corners of the squares. These
were used as objects as in Professor Macfar
lane's experiments. The size of the plates used
were Bxlo and 5x7, to that a large tma was in
rh:dei. With a tub? exactly similar to the one
used by Professor Macfarlane his experiments
\VT'- Jim carefully repeated with twenty min
utes'exposure. The results indicated that the
flon-scent glass around the anodes (which were
small aluminum wires extending *i of an inch
HEW TO-DAT.
Blood
Humors
TWERY humor, whether itching, bnrnlng,
Jj bleeding, ncaly, crusted, pimply, or blotchy,
. ■whether Bimple, scrofulous, or hereditary, from
Infancy to age, are now speedily cured by
(utiGura
Resolvent
ABKIN and blood purifier of incomparable
purity and curative power. , Purely vegeta-
ble, safe, Innocent,' and palatable.' It appeals to
all, 'and especially mothers, nureca,and children.
-. Bold throughout the world. . Price. Cdticcr*, .V>c.t
SOAr. 2.>.i Resolvent. .We. and fl. Pome Dkoa
AMD Car*. Corp.. Sole I'ropi., Bn»ion. - . •
I " How to Cure Blood *ad Skit Humors," Ire*.
BWiii ■ liiniriM im»iiih "n miii «i hi in —■in in * rTri
in the tube and about 1-20 of an inch in
diameter) was the source of the rays. That the
anodes themselves could not be the source of
all the rays was shown by the indistinct shad
ows of the nails, indicating that some of the
rays came from a larger area than the surfaco
of the thin wire anodes.
We next made the two end electrodes, the
cathodes and the metal disk in the center of
the anode. Radiographs were taken which
show that the source of the rays was the center
of tiie metal disk anode, the remainder of the
anode, the cathodes and the florescent glass
having no practical effect. Since the cathode
rays from the fine wire cathodes impinged on
the anode in the center and in a point, it
seemed that the mere fact of cathode rays
striking a solid made that solid a source of
Roentgen rays.
Another tube was then tried. It Is shown In
figure 1 and was used by us in connection
with E. R. Drew, instructor in the physics de
partment, in some experiments which were
carried on in our electrical engineering lab
oratory during February. The aluminum
Maltese cross is hinged so that it may be
thrown down out of the way, or made to stand
upright, so that when the small circular disk
on the small end of the tube is the cathode,
the shadow of the cross is cast on the large
end of the tube, the glass being made bril
liantly florescent except on the shaded por
tion.
In the first experiment with this tube the
aluminum cross in the center was made the
anode and the small circular disk the cathode.
The cross was made to stand in such a position
that it received directly the cathode rays. The
shadow of the cross was of course cast on the
glass end of the tube. Radiographs were then
made, plates rive by seven in size being placed
about 2>2 inches from the ends of the tube,
one plate at each end as shown in figure 1.
The result showed that the florescent glass at
the ends of the tube was a source of tho rays,
but whether the aluminum cross in the center
gave off Roentgen rays could not definitely be
decided.
We next placed an Bxlo photographic plate
under the tube, as shown in figure 1, and the
result was a very clearly defined negative. The
; distance of the plate from the axis of the tube
! was four inches and the time of exposure was
j forty minutes. Besides rhe thin boards filled
with nails, keys and coins were also placed on
the plate, with the hope that if they cast
double shadows the two sources of the rays
might be better indicated by them than the
nails.
The print clearly show.s that the aide of the
anode which was facing the cathode was the
source of the Roentgt-n rays in greatest num
ber and intensity, while the reverse side was
also the source of some of the rays, but not to
the same extent as the side facing the cathode.
The line dividing the two is blurred, as the
cross was not exactly a plane. Double shadows
of the coins and keys, as well as the nails, were
cast'from the florescent glass at the ends of the
tube, which can be seen in the negative, but
which cannot be made out from the print.
The florescent glass then was a source of the
Roentgen rays, but the number and intensity
coming therefrom are small as compared with
the metal anode. The glass, which was flores
cent, was directly in the path of the cathode
rays.
At the same time that this radiograph was
made a plate was exposed at the large end of
the tube upon which the shadow of the alumi
num cross was cast. A lead plate with a hole
three-eighths of an inch in diameter was
placed between the end of the tube and the
photographic plate, to cut off if possible any
effect trom the florescent glass. The only por
tion of the glass of the tube which could affect
the plate in the region of the hole was that
shaded by the cross. The plate indicated that
the Roentgen rays came from the reverse side
of the anode, the negative being very dark in
the center where the plate was exposed
through the hole in the lead plate. The flor
escent glass, however, which was beyond the
shading action of the aluminum cross, and,
therefore, received the cathode discharge di
rect, did have an effect on the plate, |the
shadow of thp nails near the edges of the plate
showing clearly.
Finally, to show that the anode is not neces
sarily the source of the Roentgen rays unless
it receives the cathode rays on its surface, the
experiment was tried of making the anode a
tinfoil plate pasted on the exterior of the glass
tube. Accordingly the anode was put on the
tube ordinarily shaded by the cross. The
cathode was as before the small disk electrode
in the painted end of the tube. The aluminum
cross was disconnected entirely, so that it was
neither anode nor cathode, but was placed in
such a position that it received directly
the cathode rays. Another large plate was
then exposed parallel to the axis of the
tube as in the previous exporiment when the
aluminum cross was the anode. The resulting
radiograph was a negative that shows that the
side of the aluminum cross facing the cathode
was the principal source of the rays, just as it
had been in the previous experiment. The
side of the aluminum cross facing the anode
was also a source of the rays, but the number
and intensity were less from the cathode side.
The florescent glass cast the double shadow." as
before, and perhaps to a little greater extent
than in the former care when the aluminum
cross was the anode.
A plate was then exposed to the end of the
tube, upon which had been pasted the tinfoil
on the outside, as the anode. The result indi
cates that some Roentgen rays came from the
aluminum cross, and in the central portion
passed through the tinfoil anode and the glass
of the tuoe affecting the plate.
The negative secured thus shows the radio
graph taken when the aluminum cross was
neither anode nor cathode but wcw connected
to the ground through a water pipe. The I
anode was, as before, the tinfoil plate and the j
cathode was the circular disk electrode in the
small end of the tube. The whole appearance
of the tube was changed, the shadow of the
cross on the end of the tube being much en
larged. Tno <ross was hinged on the top and
swung freely back and forth as the current was
turned on and oft. When the connection was
permanently made the cross swung over
toward the cathode a 6 if attracted toward it.
The sources of the rays when the cross was
connected to the earth seemed to "be many, al
though still the cross gave out the greater
number. The uorescent glass, however, stems
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,, THURSDAY, APRIL 2, 1896.
to have had a much more marked effect than
in any of the previous experiments.
Some of the most interesting experiments
were repeated with another tube, having a
platinum |disk in between the anode and ca
thode. The cathode slide of the platinum disk
seemed to still be the best source of the Roent
gen rays, while the reverse side gave |very
few, showing clearly that the platinum is
much more opaque than aluminum, just as
has been shown by many others in the ordi
nary way.
The result of the experiments so far seems to
indicate the following as regards the true
source of the Roentgen rays:
Cathode rays positively electrify any
solid upon which they Impinge, prob
ably by carrying electrified particles to
the solid. The source of the Roentgen
rays, then, is the solid upon which the
cathode ray first strikes and give* up
or partially gives up its negative charge.
A second solid behind the first may be
a source of Roentgen rays If the first
solid does not take up the entire nega
tive oharge from the cathode ray.
One of the old experiments with a Crookes
tubes is that if the shape of the cathode is such
that the cathode rays focus on any solid, such
as a platinum plate, the plate is made hot, and
if the side of the glass tube is thus exposed it 1b
melted. If a metal is used as the solid to
receive the cathode rays the number and
intensity of Roentgen rays emanating there
from are much greater than if that 60lid is
glass. Aluminum is particularly fitted for
such purposes, as it is very transparent to the
Roentgen rays. By focusing the cathode rays
on such an aluminum disk the maximum
effort would be produced and indicates how
best to make a Crookes tube for experiments
in Roentgen photography.
The Roentgen rays may therefore proceed
from the anode, the florescent glass, a discon
nected terminal or a grounded terminal, pro
vided the shape of the tube and the relative
positions of the electrodes be such that the
cathode rays impinge on the anode, glass, dis
connected or grounded terminal respectively.
That the anode, because it is the anode, may
be the source of the Roentgen rays is probable,
but the fact is that in almost every case when
the anode has been found to be the source of
the rays the shape of the tube has been such
that the cathode rays impinged directly upon
it. The use oT a disconnected terminal, even
connected to the earth as the source of the
rays, places the matter in a very different light.
The induction coil used was one made by
Mr. Lohman, a student in the electrical en
gineering department of this university, and
although of very small dimensions is capable
of giving a four and a half inch spark, the en
tire coil being immersed in boiled linseed oil.
The intermittent current was obtained by
mounting a brass disk three inches in diame
ter and one-fourth of an inch thick with
eight slots in its circumference filled with
vulcanite fiber, on the shaft of a small motor.
The duration of the make was about twice
that of the break. The number ef revolutions
per second of the motor was between twenty
and fifty, giving between 160 and 400 makes
and breaks per second. A rapid interruption
whs obtained by using a condenser in parallel
with the spark gap, and a large magnet was
used to blow out the spark. Mr. Lobman has
also constructed a Tesla coil, which we have
used with much succesß by connecting one
terminal of the secondary to the Crookes tube.
It should be said in conclusion that Dr.
Jones' experiments have led him to conclude
that the cathode ray impinging on a solid pro
duces the Roentgen rays, but he seems to be of
the opinion that the florescent glass can have
no effect whatever.
Our experiments are being continued with a
number of different shaped tubes. The results
so far tend to confirm the results of our earlier
work. A number of special tubes, some with
aluminum windows, are being made which,
without doubt, will make it possible to make
clear and distinct radiographs with a very
snort exposure. Clarence L. Cory,
Electrical Engineering Laboratory, Uuiversity
of California, Berkeley, Cal.
April 1, 189(5.
A aeries of experiments were made to
day by Instructor Drew of the physics
department with the Crookes tube where
the only source of the Koentgen rays was
the glass of the tube itself. A very dis
tinct radiograpii was made tending to still
further confirm the results of the experi
ments conducted in the electrical engi
neering laboratory.
COURSING TABOOED.
Secretary Holhronk Says Sportsmen
Httve No Use for It.
Secretary Holbrook of the Society for
the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals has
delegatea Officer Hooper to investigate the
rumor as to the opening of a coursing
park near the Branch County Jail.
The story that John Dalton is about to
open sucn a park has taken on the color
ing that the place is to be opened within
the ingle side track. Secretary W. S. Leake
of the Pacific Coast Jockey Club contra
dicted this story to a Call reporter yester
day. "'There has never been such an
intention," said he. "In iact, there is no
place for a park, should it be desired to
open one."
Secretary Holbrook is a strong anti
coursing man. "Coursing undoubtedly
belongs in the category of unnecessary
cruelty prohibited by law," he said.
"Men have told me that a dog never
touches a hare with its teeth: that he
kills it by striking it with his nose. I
happen to know that isn't true. More
than once I have seen dogs mutilate a
rabbit while it was still alive, and L have
known the little animlas to live twenty
minutes after being caught. Genuine
snorting men say they have no use for
coursing: that it is not legitimate sport.
If a park is opened within the county
limits I will arrest ihosu concerned in it.
Just received. Newest and latest articles
in leather, including pocket-books made of
bird skin, leopard, levant brown and black
seal, alligator in colors, purses, card-cases, va
lises, dress-suit cases, traveling cases, canvas
telescopes, Japanese baskets, etc. Best goods
and lowest prices. Banborn, Vail & Co. *
CALIFORNIANS ROASTED
Century Magazine Comments on
Yosemite Valley Mis
management.
RECESSION OF THE TRUST.
Tyranny and Greed of the Yosemite
Ring — Scandal of the
Situation.
The Century Magazine for April again
takes up the subject of Yosemite Valley
management by the State of California,
and advocates a surrender of the trust to
the General Government. The article in
the editorial department of the magazine
is under the heading, "Plain Words to
Californians." Following is a synopsis of
the plain talk : * .
It is announced that during the month of
May of the present year there will be held In
the city of New York a unique and significant
exposition, consisting entirely of the products
of the State of Caliiornia. But for the short
sighted and unpatriotic policy which has con
trolled its railway system California would
to-day be as well known in New York as any
State of the Middle West, and it is in keeping
with the commercial enterprise of its people
that in spite of such discouragements they
boldly undertake to send across a continent a
comprehensive exhibit of its imperial re
sources. It is a scheme in which Americans
may well take pride and to which
they will wish the widest publicity and the
highest success. From the days of the gold
hunters an air of romance and adventure has
been associated with this region us with no
other part of the country; and those especially
who have visited this wonderful aud beautiful
State, and whose imagination has been touched
by its possibilities of good to the race, can
never divest themselves of a personal interest
in anything that touches its honor or its pros
perity.
Among the exhibits a prominent place will
doubtless be given to photographs of the un
; rivaled scenery of the Yosemite Valley and its
environs, as well as of the scarcely less wonder
ful canyons of the lower Sierra. But it is cer
tain that one of the exhibits will not be a
comparative series of views of the floor of the
valley, showing it as it was and in its
various stages of deterioration through the
disastrous course of improvements which have
impaired its former beauty— a state of affairs
which has come about in part innocently
through a lack of knowledge of the proper
method of procedure, and in part through a
strongly intrenched system of tyranny and
greed known as the Yosemite Ring.
No traveler will consider this a matter of
merely local interest. John Muir, the Alaska
and Sierra explorer, has well called the Great
Gorge the world's Yosemite Valley, and its
degradation iv any respect is as much a mat
ter of general concern an would be the deface
ment of the pyramids. In January, 1890, the
Century called general attention to the de
structive tendencies at work— a condition of
affairs long notorious in the State.
At intervals since we have noted, the con
tinuance of the amateur system of manage
ment. That the widespread criticisms in and
out of the State have had no deterrent effect is
i evident from the observation made by Mr.
Muir during lait summer. In reading his re-
I marks it must be remembered that the valley
itsolf, which technically is held by California
in trust for public U6e, resort and recrea
tion inalienable for all time, has since
I 1890 been surrounded by a National
! park thirty-five times as largo, which has been
I under military control; and that adjoining
i this park on the south, extending along the
! range, lies the Sierra forest reserve of over
' 4,000,000 acres, which for lack of similar
I supervision is being desolated by sheep, by
i fire and by the ax, as were the environs of the
| Yosemite before the establishment of the
, National Park."
The Century then quotes the observations of
i Mr. Muir regarding the management, and
i recommending a recession of the trust. The
: magnzine, proceeding with its own comment,
Bays:
"Mr. Muir's suggestion of recession is one
that should enlist the support of every I
public - spirited Californian. It is idle
to waste time in considering the causes
of the valley's deterioration. The scandal of
of the present situation is well known. The
State accepted the trust from the Nation in
1864, but Us servants have not observed the
i fundamental condition of the ceßsion. If the
suggestion of secession is thought humiliat- I
ing, it is not half so humiliating as the
continuation of the scandal. And why
should the suggestion be humiliating ?
Continually in every State systems of admin
istration which do not work well are being
changed. The commission system has not
worked well; whereas, side by side, the system
of National control has redeemed the National
Park— the very source of the Yosemite water
falls. Why should not this treasure of nature
have the same admirable protection?"
One word in conclusion: If secession is to be
accomplished at the next meeting of the Cali
fornia Legislature its advocates must organize
and bestir themselves now. If Mr. Muir is not
cordially supported in this effort to i«deem the
valley, and remove, a blot upon the State, let
not Californians any longer boast of public
spirit or resent the charge of absorption in ma
terial progress.
John F. Sheehan, secretary of the
Yosemite Commission, was seen last even
ing and asked what he thought of the
proposition to surrender the trust to the
Nation. He said:
"Anything would be better than the nar
row and Etingy policy which the State is
now pursuing in appropriations for the
care of the valley. Barely enough money
is allowed to keep the bridges and trails
in passable condition. It might be to the
advantage of the State to give up the trust.
Under Government control liberal allow
ance of money might follow and much
good be accomplished."
When asked if the subject had been dis
cussed in the board, he said: "No, the
Commissioners have not talked over the
proposition, I saw the Governor yester
day, and he suggested that a full meeting
of the Ooard should be had before the an
nual meetine in the valley next June. We
have had no meetings this winter. Mr.
Field, chairman of the executive commit
tee, has been laid up for some time with a
broken leg, but he may be able to come to
his office."
JOHN LEE'S LECTURE.
Marriage Now and as It Will Be
When the State Is So
cialized.
The lecture delivered by John Lee un
der the auspices of the Liberty Branch of
the San Krancisco section of the Socialist
party at 115 Turk street last eveninc was
fairly well attended. The subject of the
lecture was "Marriage Now and Marriage
Under Socialism."
"When women give their hands to men
simply for a home and food," he said, "it
is a bargain pure and simole and interferes
with the law of natural selection. Under
socialism women would be as self-support
ing as men. and this would be entirely un
necessary. If there is any virtue in woman
suffrage it is because intelligent women
realize that their highest interest and wel
fare lie in being self-supporting.
"How can a woman who is a slave bring
anything into existence but a slave.? The
importance of socialisjn Jies mainly in
this, that it is a regenerator— a builder-up
as well as a tearer-down. Well-dressed
ministers of the gospel, dressed in purple
and fine linen, listen to the grand anthems
sung by full choirs, step forward and read
from pilt-edged Bibles the word of life,
and tell us how to be good. These worthy
gentlemen, however, forget that a full
stomach and a warmly clothed back are
much more conducive to righteousness
than a gnawing pain in the region of
the stomach, and a back which fails to get
into that particular current of wind re
served for the shorn lamb. They expect
us to sit on the edge of the stove that
Huntington would't steal and sing 'Praise
God from whom all blessings flow. "
Next Wednesday evening there will be a
debate between a Populist and a Socialist
on the following subject: Resolved. That
the Populist party in the United States
has the most practical platform for the
people.
The l.onn Jack Mine.
United States Judge McKenna decided in
favor of the plaintiff yesterday in the case of
w imam Megginson for possession of the Lone
Jack mine in El Dorado County.
~---~~^?5^ i LJl o js^T~ i>rt goods. -_^»
<^^M The Big Store is eloquent of the glad
7 (Ml B o F Easter season— an exposition of all that is
« wßW(§lfs@jn beautiful. Each department has tried to
I^|^^^\^ outdo the other. Result— such an out-
My spread of useful and beautiful Easter
' Novelties as seldom gathered under one
, roof East or West— and all at petit prices.
EASTER An array of all
RIBBONS, that is new and
pretty, and just as little to
pay for them as is consistent
to their worth. Yards and
yards of the beautiful Dres-
den effects, hundreds of
pieces in all the swellest and
most popular novelties.
JUST RECEIVED— A fresh Invoice of
DRESDKN KIBBONS, elegant patterns,
swell color combinations, 4% inches wide.
Price, 50c Yard
SHADED BROCADE RIBBONS, 5% inches
wide, the very latest fad, beautiful colorings,
exquisite effects.
Price, 75c Yard
EASTER All that is new
BELTS, and pretty is here
— and all that is here is new
and pretty. A most com-
plete assortment of Ladies'
Belts in all styles. Perhaps
you haven't thought of this
little necessary. It will pay
you to ask to see.
PKINCESS BELTS— The latest craze, 1 Inch
wide, very nobby, to complete your spring
suit; made in the finest leathers.
25c to 50c Kucli
MEFINE GILT BELTS, similar to above.
Prices, GOc to 75c Each
SPANGLED BELTS.
65c Each
937, 939, 941,. ■. ,y* _ , >/"*/> , 937,939,941,
MARKET C^^CLA^A^U^ZT^T^ MARKET
STREET V^^Y %^* / /^^ K^yr ■■■■€' W%r # <?TPPPT
* oiKGGi. MB ' INCORPORATED. ? "'■ '•'•:'• " ' SlKcnl.
THEY GOT_THE_ H.I HA!
Young Men Who Went to See
the Hula Hula Danced in
Artistic Style.
Decoyed by a First -Wednesday -in
April Card Announcing an
Art Exhibition.
Several hundred well-known young men
about town stealthily • wended their way
last night under the influence of stimu-
i lants to the building formerly occupied by
| the Dirigo.
These gentlemen wore their hats well
down over their eyes and their coat-collars
well over their ears and each had the fol-
lowing .card in his pocket:
SPECIAL EXHIBITION.
(For Gentlemen Only.)
WORKS OF ART IN OIL AND WATER COLORS
By Celebrated Artists. '
MODELINGS IN CLAY
By Famous Sculptors. .
At the Athenian Club, 322 Geary street.
First Weduesday Evening In April; 9 to 12,
Side Entrance on Powell Street,
Above Calvary Church.
Concluding With
GENUINE ORIENTAL DANCES.
" "TICKETS, TWO DOLLARS.
Positively not transferable, and accepted
only at the door when countersigned by Man-
ager F. K. ■ Kirkpatrick.
Admit Mr. — -
None of the art lovers had observed the
extreme delicacy with which the date was
announced and how carefully the card re-
frained from stating that the first Wednes-
day evening in April was the Ist of April,
dedicated to the cap and bells. /s*§l§Ne
When they arrived at the front gate of
the house and found/it dark within and |
heard from the blackness the horse laugh,
or the Ha!; ha! mentioned in Job, they
went sadly away and expended $2 in.
stimulants.
.For fear lest the thing might not be all
a hoax, Captain Lees detailed one of his
most expert detectives to shadow the
place. .;• The job was a sinecure.
LANDON NONSUITED.
The Case for Damages Against the Tal-
lant Banking Company Suddenly
Terminated.'
The case of Gardner Landon against the
Tallant Banking Company to recover big
damages for alleged malicious persecution
was nonsuited yesterday morning, and so
brought to an abrupt termination.
The plaintiff's case was concluded
shortly before noon by the introduction of
a number of character witnesses.
When Mr. Monteith announced that he
would : rest, W. W. Foote moved for a non-
suit, which was briefly argued by his as-
sociate, Mr. Pringle. The grounds stated
were that no malicious intent had been
shown; that the indictments by the Grand I
Jury had been socured upon advice of the
District ; Attorney, and the i testimony! of
the ':■ plaintiff ;. had shown that there was
probable cause for the indictments. .
; Mr. . Monteith ' argued ?. at ■ great ; lenpth
that no probable cause had been shown;
that '■■■ the i notes i upon ; which the indict-
ments had been secured were f mere prom-
issory notes, which : the bank itself; took
the entire responsiblity in discounting.
He laid great stress on the importance of
the suit , to J the i plaintiff, over ± whom '■ the
stigma of an indictment had been cast by
the defendant, with no r opportunity'
afforded him to clear himself.': ; . ■ :
: Upon the ,- conclusion of , the \ argument
the ; court . granted •-■ the nonsuit and the
jury was discharged. " ' ; * '.'
• — ♦ »
Ladies' Southern ties, $1 45, all shades; every
toe. Ryan & Ryan, 10 Mod gome avenue, •
VERY SPECIAL!
&® EASTER
Xl_ SPECIALS.
f\ (/^V\ 30 LADIES' TAN CO-
V JLiKi M VERT CLOTH JACK-
\ >SC.^»iF ETS. (See cut.) But-
/ yrN*^- tors on the side, hißh
* «/\ velvet collar; ripple
i^^^A silk lined, in tan only.
SB sizes 32 to 38; good
jujJ ■ value at $10.
Special Price, 86. 00
Special, $6.
40 LADIES' CAPES, tan mixtures, double-faced
goods, high collar, with straps of tan cloth
around bottom and down front, trimmed with
small pearl buttons and 3 large ones down
front; a beautiful cape at $5. Our price
Special Wednesday and Thursday, 53. 50
LADIES' SHIRT WAISTS, new styles, light col-
orings, swell patterns, laundered collars and
cuffs. • :Yr ;:■•"
Special Price, 40c Each
BOYS' PERCALE BLOUSE WAISTS, large
: ' sailor collars, ruffle front and cuffs, light and
dark patterns.
Special Price, 39c Each
APRON GINGHAMS. 27 inches wide, staple and
fancy checks, in blues and browns, limit 25
yards to a customer.
Special Price, 4J^c Yard
HAMS!
Best Brands (very mild cure) 12y«c
Very Choice Sugar-cured lOc
Best Sugar-cured Picnic Hams 7c
Best Fresh Ranch Eggs, per doz 12y s c
Sugar Corn, quality guaranteed, per can 6c
Wax Beans, best quality, per can 5c
10-tt) Bag Patent Gut Oatmeal 25c
10-lb Bag Rolled Oats '25c
3 Squares Best Creamery Butter $1 00
Very Fine, Sweet Butter, per roll 25c
RON & KNOX,
1928 and 1930 Market St.
900-906 Valencia St., Corner 20th.
f~A WHOLE~~^
CIRCUS
I '.'. for 10 CENTS.
- It makes a grand parade with elephants, cages of animals, '
' chariots, bands. Gives a full performance in a ring, with ring
. , master, clown, acrobats, bareback riders, trained dogs and ele- '
»• , : phants, winding up with the pantomime of Humpty Dumpty. ■ ■
;;... , including all the characters and scenery. ;
3 Ways to Get ( « A- jlO coupons, or
This Cirrus • 1 üBIIQ * Cou P° n and io cents, or . '
; I HIS tirCUS . (««#*»•» 14 cts. without any Coupon^
I . TO
Slackwell's Durham Tobacco Co., Durham, N. C. v
: ', and the Circus will be sent you postpaid. You will find 1 coupon\ '
inside each 2 ounce bag, and 2 coupons inside each 4 ounce bag of J
Blackwell's Genuine'
; Durham Tobacco.
: Buy a bag of this Celebrated Smoking Tobacco, and read the
LBuy a which gives of other premiums and how to get them. ;
coupon, which gives a list of other premiums and how to get them.
V ' 2 Ct NT STAMPS ACCEPTED.
'%■ ***** *«»«»« ' ' "" " "'■ ' ■ ■ 1 1, M 1 1 1 1 r 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 Mn >- r-^
PATRONIZE HOME INDUSTRY.
: BUY DIRECT FROM THE
MANUFACTURER.
REFINED BAR 1R0N. ...... ...81. 70 base !
ANGLE IRON 2.15 flat
BAND 1R0N.............. 2.00 "
Round Edge Tire Steel 2.00 flat
Toe " ......... 2.40 '•'
Plow -:-iL '••': " • • 2.25 "
German Hammered " • 3.75 base
Pick ' " 4.00 "
Machinery " 2.00 -'•-■'"•
Spring "......... 2.50 "
Cold Rolled - ;.:' "......... 3.25 "
Finished Shafting 3.25 "
Terms :— Cash. F. 0. B. Cars or Steamer.
JUDSON M'F'G. GO.
■■■--. •■'■:/ ] SAN FRANCISCO. \ ■ -; \ .
BuiVE Vnil Bore Taroat™T!mplei, Copper-f9
JflflTE lUU Colored Spots, Aches, Old Horeu.Rß
■■Ulcers In Month, Hair-Falling! Write < POKES
BHEMEPT CO., 807 Jkluaonic TempleJß
1 HJChlcaso, 111., for proofs of cures. ' Cupl-GB
■Jttkl, S&00.000. Worst cafes cured In ISIM
BJto 8& <*»yt» • 100-page book free. U
■ ■•-;■-
MILLINERY The very lat-
GOODS. est creations
in millinery art. Beautifully
spangled oak leaves, artistic
! calla lily leaves, tinsel back,
dotted with Rhinestones and
colored • shells. Exquisite
! straw wings sprayed in both
colored and plain straw span-
gles. Persian crowns, all
silk and tinsel or spangled
in irridescent effects. The
newest of the new for your
Easter bonnet.
PLEATED CHIFFON-Plain colors,
_; _ Price, laV^o Yard
DRESDEN PLEATED CHIVFON— Vale»-
ciennes lace edge.
Price, 25« Yard
PLAIN PLEATED CHIFFON, with Honi-
ton braid points.
Price, 350 Yard
PLAIN PLEATED BRUSSELS NET, Va-
lenciennes lace, Insertion edge, will fit
any size hat.
Price, 81.00 Piece
EASTER VEILINGS.
FINE LINE OF FANCY MESH VEII/.
INGS, new dots, novelty meshes.
Prices, 25c to 50c Yard
FASTFP Blossoms here and there
LlftO lc;| V from the garden o£
FI OWFP^ beauty and luxury.
rL,WVCK.O. Odorless but beautiful
Let us save you when buying for Easter from a
third to a half— judged by usual prices asked.
ROSES, VIOLETS, FORGET-ME-NOTS.
MARGUERITES, BUTTERCUPS, COW-
SLIPS — An endless variety to show you while
old Dame Nature frowns at man's Imitation.
Prices, from about lc to Dollars
EASTER
Just Received, Latest Novelties in
CAPES,
TAN JACKETS,
LOUIS X? SILK WAISTS,
TAILOR-MADE SUITS,
Best Shirt Waists in the City.
ARMAND CAILLEAU,
46-48 Geary Street,
THESICCESSOF THE SEASON
THE LADIES 1 GRILL ROOM
palace Hotel
PALACE HOTEL.
DIRECT ENTRANCE FROM MARKET ST.
OPKN UNTIL MIDNIGHT.
,TS THE . VKRV BEST ONE To FV A. MTV»
1 youreyes and tit t ntm to Spectacles and Fv2
whose superiority has not bee n °eq U »led. Mv iSS