VOLUME LXXIX.-NO. 130.
MACEO ROUTED
AT LA PALMA.
Compelled to Retreat From
the Town, Leaving the
Dead Behind.
REPORTED BY ENEMIES.
Stories of Other Victories Sent
in That Yet Lack Due
Verification.
CLEVELAND IS IN NO HURRY.
The President Not Ready to Recognize
the Struggling Cubans as
Belligerents.
HAVANA, Cuba, April 7.— An official
report issued this afternoon states that
Government troops attacked Maceo's
forces at La Palma, province of Pinar del
Rio, on March 29. The rebels were com
pelled to retreat. They left bfhind them
thirty-nine dead lying in the streets of the
town. Other dead and a number of
wounded were carried off by the insur
gents. The total losses of the rebels are
calculated to have been over ninety. The
Spanish loss is given as six volunteers
killed and seven regular troops wounded.
This is the first new* of a battle having
been fought at La Palma and it is impos
sible to verify the truth of the Govern
ment* account of the engagement.
Colonel Moncado reports that he Las de
stroyed a rebel camp at El Jobo, province
of Matanzas. The insurgents made a strong
resistance and did not retreat until four
teen of their number were Killed.
General Oliver reports the capture of
another rebel camp at Santa Rosa. The
rebel losses in the engagement were large.
The Spanish lost one lieutenant and four
soldiers killed and twenty wounded.
CLEfELASD WILL COSSIDER.
Little Likelihood of' Hit Favoring the
Cuban*.
WASHINGTON, D. C, April 7.—Sec
retary Olney called early at the "White
House and remained in close consultation
with the President for a long time. It is
believed the two were engaged in the prep
aration of the special message to Congress
relating to Cuba and an exposition of
the actual state of . affairs on the island
as revealed in the reports of United.
State? Consuls and other trusted sources
of information. There is a resolution be
fore the President, passed at the "instance
of Senator Hoar, calling for this informa
tion. It is reasoned that the President, in
transmitting the information, may feet it
his duty, in view of the overwhelming
majority by which the Cuban concurrent
resolutions passed both branches of Con
gress, to make a plain statement, showing
that, regardless of the sympathy he may
feel personally fcr the insurgents, he is
absolutely bound by the facts as he sees
them, by precedent and by the dictates of
international law, to persist in his atti
tude.
The resolution? were to-day brought to
the attention of the President by the Sec
retary of the Senate, who presented him
with an enrolled copy of the document.
Ordinarily concurrent resolutions are not
forwarded to the President as they do not
require his signature, but these resolutions
■were because they express the opinion that
he should tender the offices of the United
■ States to Spain for the recognition of
Cuban independence, and are, therefore, a
direction to him in so far as Congress can
direct the President in such a proceeding.
NEW YORK, N.Y., April 7.— The Her
ald's Washingson special says: It is re
ported to night on apparently good
authority that President Cleveland has
taken steps to inform himself as to the
exact condition of affairs in Cuba, and
has sent secret agents to the island to
ascertain 7.-hether the claims of the insur
gents as to the establishment of a govern
ment and their military progress are true.
It is said that the President desires to
supplement the consular reports by the
• reports of special agents as to certain
phases of the situation.
LONDON, E.ng., April The Madrid
. correspondent of the Standard telegraphs
1 that at a meeting of the Cabinet this even
ing Prime Minister Castillo stated that
official and private advices from Washing
ton induced ;; the belief that President
Cleveland would not put into effect the
Cuban belligerency bill. The Govern
ment, he added, would remain in an ex
pectant attitude until it was officially in
formed of the intentions of the United
States. • .-, ■■ -
REPUBLICAN'S TO PROTEST.
Spanish Groups Arrange a -Demonstra
tion Arjainst Vnele Sam.
MADRID, Spain, April 7.— A council of
the Republican groups has resolved to
organize a demonstration against the vote
of the American House of Representatives
to recognize the Cuban insurgents as bel
ligerents. The leaders of all the political
parties will be invited to take part in tbe
demonstration.
Dispatches received up to a late hour to
ninht show that there have been no dis
turbances anywhere in Spain. The pub
lic does not seem to have been affected by
the news, it having long regarded the vote
as a foregone conclusion.
KEPT QUIET IX CUBA.
Papers in Havana l>o Xot Tfare to Pub-
'nth the XeiPM.
HAVANA, Ctba, April 7. — No news of
the action of the United States House of
Kepresentatives in passing the Cuban res
olutions was published here in yes
teraay afternoon's papers or this morn
ing's papers, and the general public is not
informed as to the action taken.
The result of the vote in the House is
known, however, at the clubs and hotels,
the information having been obtained
through private messages. Sympathizers
with the Cubans who are informed as io
the action of Congress are elated over the
The San Francisco Call.
result, while the Spaniards are indignant.
Havana is quiet and there were no signs
that any demonstration of protest will be
made.
ROENTGEN RAY IN EVIDENCE.
Photographs to Figure in a Suit Against a
New York Physician for Mal
practice.
NEW YORK. N. V., April 7.— The first
instance of the Roentgen rays being put
to use in proving a point at law will take
place to-day at a trial in the Supreme
Court at Brooklyn. Photographs by the
process will be exhibited showing the con
dition of a boy's arm, which was broken
over two years ago. These pictures will
be relied on to a large degree by the plaint
iff in the action to prove his allegations.
The suit is brought on the ground of
malpractice by Daniel David of Brooklyn
against, Dr. Gumond of Bath Beach, L. I.
David sues to secure $25,000 damages,
claiming that the doctor did not set his
son's arm properly, and that in conse
quence his son has become crippled per
manently and has entirely iost the use of
his left arm and hand. Davis
says that shortly after Dr. Gumond
set the broken bone the splints were re
moved, the boy's hand began to bend
downward, and the arm shrank and
twisted out of its natural position. The
condition of the member constantly grew
worse. The ringers were drawn up and
cnnnot be straightened, the wrist bone
protrudes badly, and the hand and arm
cannot ne moved about at will.
Last Friday David engaged Professor
Peckham of the Adelphi Academy, Brook
lyn, to photograph his son's arm by the
use of the Roentgen rays. The pictures
thus secured show conclusively that the
arm was not properly set. There is a
space of half an inch between the broken
ends of the bone. This would naturally
pretlude the possibility of tbe fracture
knitting properly. Prominent lawyers are
engaged in the case.
COVST YAHAGATA'S TRIP.
General Coppinger Will Greet the Field
Marshal at Omaha.
OMAHA, Nerr., April 7.— Field Marshal
Count Yamagata of Japan will arrive in
Omaha to-morrow afternoon over the
Union Pacific at 4:45. He is accompanied
by his staff and will remain here until
Tnursday afternoon, when he will proceed
East.
General Coppinger will show him the or
dinary military courtesies, for, although his
visit ta not an official one, passing through
the United States en route to Moscow to
attend the coronation of the Czar, he has
been entertained by the people and mili
tary authorities at* San Francisco and by
the people of Salt Lake.
Count Yamagata will stop in Chicago,
Washington and New York and perhaps
one or two other cities before sailing for
Russia. He left Ogden to-day on the Union
Pacific fast train.
ÜBS ARE EXEMPT.
Not Compelled to Comply With the Raines
Excite Laic.
ALBANY. X. V.. April 7.— The Court of
Appeals handed down a decision to-day,
which holds thai clubs are not amenable
to the State excise law, and the inference
is that they cannot be required to take out
a license to sell liquor under the Raines
liquor tax law. The decision was in the
case of the people of the fctate against tbe
Adelphi Club of Albany. Judee Haight
wrote the opinion, in which all the Judges
concurred. Under these constructions of
a State excise law it is expected that the
Raines liquor tax law will be declared un
constitutional so far as it requires a club
to take out an excise license.
Three Serious Fires.
SAVANNAH, G.\., April 7.— Fire has
been burning in the Savannah Grocery
Company'B building for two hours. That
building and possibly adjoining ones will
be burned. The insurance amounts to
$100,000 and the stock is valued at $115,000.
YONKERS, N. V., April 7.— This morn
ing a fire started in the business center of
this village and before it was extinguished
many stores were burned. Loss $100 000.
DOUGLAS VI LLE, Ga., April 7.— The
Eden Park Cotton Mills were destroyed by
tire to-night. Loss $125,000.
EVACUATION OF KASSALA.
Italian Troops Withdraw From
Strongholds by Order of
Baldissera.
British Statesmen Puzz'.ed by the
Mcve and Regard It as of
Serious Import.
ROME, Italy. April 7. — A dispatch
from Massowah dated April 5 says that on
Friday last Colonel Stevani attacked the
Dervisn entrenchments in the vicinity.
He won a partial success, and proposed to
renew the attack on Saturday, but Gen
eral Baldissera, the commander-in-chief,
ordered him to make no further attack,
and instructed him to evacuate Kassala
and Adigrat. These orders have been
complied with.
LONDON, Bus., April 7.— Some of the
morning papers will remark upon the se
rious import of the evacuation of Kassala
by the Italians, and recall the statement
made in the House of Commons recently
by George N. Curzon, Parliamentary Sec
retary of the Foreign Office, to the effect
that Italy ha«l informed Great Britain that
she would not evacuate Kassala unless It
was found militarily impossible to hold
the place, and other statements of the
same import.
The Itrd front for Abyssinia.
ST. PETERSBURG, Russia, April 7.—
In response to a renewed request, the
Government has decided to send a number
of members of the Red Cross Society to
work among the Abyssinians.
A Storm of Wind and Haiti.
LINCOLN, Nkbr., April 7.— A storm of
wind and rain of unusual violence visited
Lincoln and vicinity between 5 and 6
o'clock this evening. Only minor damage
was done in the city, but reports from
country districts are that many out
houses were unroofed and windmills torn
down. No serious injury or loss of life oc
curred so far as is known. «
Met Death With a Smile.
HELENA, Moxt.. April 7.— Contrary to
all expectations William Biggerstaff, the
colored murderer of Dick Johnson, died
this morning on the gallows like a man.
He met death with a smile on his face.
Biggerstaff killed Dick Johnson, the cham
pion prize-fighter of Montana, on June 8,
1895. in a quarrel over a white woman, his
mistress. Biggerstaff always claimed the
killing was accidental.
SAN FRANCISCO, WEDNESDAY MORNING, APRIL 8, 1896.
OLYMPIC GAMES
AT FAIR ATHENS.
One Hundred Thousand Go
to Witness the Great
Events.
ROYALTY IN THE CRUSH
American Athletes Continue to
Hold Their Own and Will
Win Final Honors.
CAPTAIN GAKRETT'S VICTORY.
Easily Defeats the Greek ChampiOD.
Gouskos, in Putting the
Weight.
ATHENS, Greece, April 7.— This wag
tho second day of the Olympic games and
the interest in their revival showed no
sign of diminution. On the contrary,
there was more enthusiasm displayed than
was shown yesterday and the crowd that
witnessed the various events was enor
mous. The stadion was crowded to its ut
most capacity and the surrounding hills
were again packed with masses of human
ity desirous of seeing the tests of athletic
skill and endurance.
The King, Crown Prince and other mem
bers of the royal family were again pres
ent, as were also all the notables of Greece
and many from foreign countries. It is
estimated that to-day fully 100,000 persons
witnessed the games. The weather
was perfect and the grounds were
in far better condition than they
were yesterday. The contestants are
becoming more familiar witn their sur
roundings, aud this adds greatly to their
self-confidence. The American contest
ants who coTered themselves with glory
yesterday did well to-day, and it is the
general opinion that they will win several
of the final honors. One thing is believed
to have been established, and that is that
tne future of the Olympic games has been
decided, and that they will henceforth
take their place among the noted events in
the athletic world even though they are
not held on the classic grounds of Greece.
The first heat of the 110 meters hurdle
race was won by Goulding, an English
man, in 18 2-5 seconds. The second heat
was won by T. P. Curtis of the Boston
Athletic Association in 18 seconds. The
finals will take place Friday.
The long jump was won by Eilery H.
Clark of the Boston Athletic Association,
who covered 5.35 meters. R. T. Garrett,
captain of the Princeton team, was second,
with 6 meters to his credit, and James B.
Connolly of the Suffolk Athletic Club
third, with 5.84 meters.
The 400-meter race on the flat was won
by Thomas E. Burka of the Boston Ath
letic Association. His time was 54 1-5 sec
onds. H. B. Jamison of Princeton Uni
versity was second.
The next event on the programme was
putting the weight. Captain Garrett won,
scoring 11.22 meters. The Greek champion,
Gouskos, was second, scoring 11.03 meters.
Gonskos was the second Greek champion
who had met defeat contesting with Gar
rett.
The one-hand weight-lifiing contest was
won by Elliott, an Englishman, who raised
71 kilos.
The two-hand weieht-lifting contest was
won by Jensen, a Dane, who lifted 111^
kilos.
Flack, the Austrian, won the 1500-meter
race on the flat in 4:33.
The winners were enthusiastically ap-
:■.:'
ANOTHER HEN ON.
plauded. Even Garrett was hailed with
enthusiasm when he defeated Gonskos,
although the Greeks were surprised and
disappointed by the downfall of their
champion.
In the evening the Acropolis and city
were illuminated by myriads of electric
and other lights. The scene was beautiful
and fairylike. Everywhere there was the
greatest enthusiasm.
Won by the Britannia.
N ICE, France. ; April 7.— The yacht
race • for • the Whiteheather cup .• for large
raters, sailed \ to-day, was won by the
Prince of Wales' 3 Britau; v .' on >I time r al
lowance. : Satan'to was flvea. second place,
and Ailsa finished thira. • • ,1 JV .
Cession, of Port Arthur.
LONDON, Eng., April 7.— The Daily
News will to-morrow publish a dispatch
| from Odessa saying it is generally under
! stood in official circles that the formal ces
sion by China of Port Arthur to Russia
will be ratified during the visit of Li
• Hung Chang, who is now en route to at-
I tend the coronation of the Czar.
ifaller Coming Home.
LONDON, Exr,., April 7.— John L- Wal
ler, formerly United States Consul at
j Tamative, who has been released from
I prison at Nimes, France, is a second-cabin
i passenger on the steamer New York, due
I in New York Saturday.
tireat Jiritain Holds On.
JOHANNESBURG, South Africa. April
7. — It has been ascertained that the rumor
circulated h<;re yesterday, to the effect
that the British- Government had agreed
to cancel the convention of 1884 and recog
nize the full independence of the Trans
vaal, is without foundation in fact.
Jjftborrra for the Canal.
COLON. Colombia, April 7.— The Colom
bian brig Concordia, Captain Britton, has
arrived here from Bluefields with 100 labor
ers, who will be employed on the canal
works.
Detained at Colon.
COLON, Colombia, April 7.— The Ameri
can schooner George W. Whitford, which
was seized hy the Colombian gunboat Cor
dova, off Manzanilla, a few days ago and
brought here, is still detained.
An Outbreak in Korea.
LONDON, Exg., April 7.— The Manches
ter Guardian publishes a dispatch report
ing an outbreak in Korea, resulting in a
number of murders, including the killing
of the King's father, Tai Wen Kun.
IN JAIL AT DIARBEKIR.
Knapp the American Missionary
Treated as a Common
Malefactor.
Miss Barton, However, Reports That
Thsre Is No Interference
With Relief Work.
LONDON, Eng., April 7.— The Morning
Post will to-morrow publish a dispatch
from Constantinople saying that the Rev.
George P. Knapp, the American mission
ary who was reported to have been se
cretly expelled from Bitlis, is in jail at
Diarbekir, where he is treated as a com
mon malefactor. The dispatch adds that
he will be sent under escort to Iskande
room, at which place the American war
ships now in Turkish waters will shortly
assemble.
NEW YORK, H. V., April 7.— Spencer
Traslt, chairman of the executive com
mittee of the Armenian relief committee,
to day received the following cablegram
from Miss Clara Barton, president of the
Red Cross:
"Our corps of physicians and medical
supplies left Beirout April 3 and will reach
Ma rash the 10th. Scourge of typhoid and
and other diseases from starvation and
exposure unabated. Our expeditions are
meeting splendid success. No obstruc
tions nor Turkish supervision, as has been
wrongly reported. Our party working be
tween "Marash. Zeitoun, Malatia and Har
poot, the other between Oorfa, Diarbekir
and Harpoot. Visiting towns and villages
en route giving assistance where most
needed."
STATE STREAMS
TO BE IMPROVED
Appropriations ; for Rivers
■'•■< of California to Go
Through.
SENATE NOT OPPOSED.
Phraseology May Be Changed to
Suit Both Miners and
Valley Men. :
FAVORED BY GOVERNOR BUDD.
Has No Objection to Expending the
■:., >. Money Legally Provided for
the Work.
WASHINGTON, D. C, April 7.— Robert
T. Devlin of Sacramento carve here to op
pose the appropriation of $250,000 for re
straining works on the Yuba River, and is
now working to that end, but he is not
hopeful of success, as the bill has passed
the House, and will not be changed in the
Senate unless it is in a mere matter of
phraseology.
The "river men" at Marysville to-dny
telegraphed the California delegation, ask
ing that a change be made in this item so
as to provide thpt such a dam shall be
erected only to restrain the debris now in
the hills. It is possible that Mr. Ford,
representing the miners, and Mr. Devlin
may be able to agree upon phraseology
that will suit both miners and valley men,
though no understanding has yet been
reached. There is no doubt but that the
$250,000 appropriation will pass the Senate.
The full text of that part of the river and
harbor bill relating; to the Sacramento di
vision and tributaries is as follows:
"For improving the Sacramento and
Feather rivers and their tributaries — The
Secretary of War is hereby authorized and
directed to appoint a board, consisting of
three engineers of the United States array,
for the purpose of making surveys and ex
aminations of said rivers and submit the
most feasible plan for the improvement of
said rivers and maintenance of navigation
thereon ; sai t board may, under the direc
tion of said Secretary of War. ex Demi any
balance now remaining to the credit of
said rivers for the iraprovemant of the
same after deducting the expense of said
survey? and examinations."
The balance is $146,000. The second
paragraph runs as follows:
"For construction of restraining barriers
for the protection of the Sacramento and
Feather rivers in California, $250,000; such
restraining barriers to be constructed un
der the direction of the Secretary of War
in accordance with the recommendations
of the California Debris Commission for
the purpose set forth in sections 23, 24 and
25 of the act entitled 'An act to create the
California Debris Commission and regu
late hydraulic mining in the State
of Calfornia. approved March 1, 1893;
provided, that said sum should be
available only on condition that the Leg
islature of California should have appro
priated at least an equal sum for the pur
pose herein set forth, to be expended in
accordance with the recommendations of
engineers of the United States Govern
ment."
VAT OB ED BY THE GOTEBXOB.
Xot : Opposed to the Improvement '■ of Call
\". ' '>• " ' fornia Hirer*- '•■.■-•; . -. ■.:.•■>'
; -V Governor ■'. Budd ! was ; interviewed . yes
terday regarding } the . appropriation of
|250,000 just passed in the House for ,
building works to stop the flow of debris
from hydraulic mines to the rivers of Cali
fornia. He said:
"I am in favor of the measure and want
to correct the report which quotes me as
opposed to the expenditure of a like sum
appropriated by the Legislature of this
State in 1893. When I was in Congress I
introduced a bill to appropriate $500,000
for this purpose.
"As I understand the measure which
passed the House yesterday, the money
allowed by the Government is to be ex
pended by the United States engineers,
but our State appropriation gives the
direction of the expenditure to the Debris
Commissioners. It may be necessary to
amend in the Senate the provision which
has just received the sanction of the
House. Our State appropriation was
made with a condition that Congress
should allow an equal amount, and ii has
therefore been unavailable. Now it will
become available, if the bill in Congress
becomes a law.
"The money appropriated by this State
was collected and paid into the general
fund of the treasury in 1893, but has since
been paid out on warrants drawn on that
fund. Still that cuts no figure, as other
moneys coming into the general fuud
maybe used. The Legislature should have
provided a special fund for that particular
purpose.
"When the Legislature meets it may
become necessary to amend the law au
thorizing the State appropriation, so as to
conform to Congressional requirements.
I want it to, be made known, however,
that I am not opposed to the use of the
State money for the purpose contem
plated."
STRUCK A GLANCING BLOW.
The Steamer Bell Arden Is Crippled by a
Collision With the Fries
land.
QUARANTINE. S. 1., April 7.-The
steamer Bell Arden of the Lamport and
Holt line, while outwardbound this even
ing, collided off Owls Head buoy with the
steamer Friesland, which was just leaving
Bedloes Island. The Friesland did not
appear to be injured and proceeded to her
dock.
The Bell Arden was struck a glancing
blow on the port side abaft midships and
returned to New York. Her plates were
bent on the water line, but the hole was
below water and could not be seen. No
person on board the Bell Arden was hurt,
but the main shrouds, the davits of the
after life boat on the port side and the
stanchions of the awning deck were car
ried away.
Captain Davis of the Bell Arden says
the Friesland was not kept under control.
EMPLOXES TO COMBINE.
Federation of the A. Ji. U. With the
Street Kailteay Men.
PHILADELPHIA, Pa., April 7.— The
reported federation of the Amalgamated
Association of Street Railway Employes
and the American Railway Union was
confirmed to-day by the local leaders of
the Amalgamated Association. The fed
eration is upon an offensive and defen
fensive basis, but to just what extent the
organizations will be prepared to assist
one another cannot be learned. It is said
that the leaders of the two organizations
are now negotiating with the chiefs of the
Brotherhoods of Locomotive Engineers,
Firemen and Railway Trainmen for the
formation of one great federation of street
and steam railway employes.
Attempted, Suicide.
LANGDON. Minn-.. April 7. — Frank
Saunders, agent of the Great Northern
Railway, attempted to commit suicido to
day. The traveling auditor of the com
pany finds Mr. Saunders short $6000. It is
said he has been speculating.
Hliiiiiiirjton Has the Grip.
PITTSBURG, Pa., April 7.— Dick Whit
tington, who started from San Francisco
.some time ago to push a wheelbarrow
around the i?lobe on a $10,000 wager, is in
the West Pennsylvania Hospital here
suffering from a bad attack of the grip.
DENOUNCED BY BOWERS
Agreement on Any Funding Bill
Declared a Barefaced
Robbery.
Under the "Gag," However, the
Scheme May Be Railroaded
Through Congress,
WASHINGTON, D. C, April 7.—Rep
resentative Bowers saia to-day:
"The agreement of the Pacific Railroads
Committee on the funding bill means that
at least the Union and Central managers
(or perhaps to speak correctly, Mr. Hunt
mgton) have agreed to a bill and submitted
it to the committee. The details are a
matter of small importance; the vital part
is that the roads are to be relieved from
paying their debts. The Government is
to go on paying interest on its bonds, bor
rowing money at 4 per cent and loaning it
to these corporations for fifty or more
years at 2 per cent, and at that time this
debt will be more than doubled and no
more security thau now.
"It is the most barefaced and moustrous
scheme of robbery of the people of the
United States. There is no necessity for
Congressional legislation at this time to
preserve any of the rights or securities of
the United States in the matter. The
Thurman iaw provided for the collection
of the debt by the usual process of law and
any funding bill is solely iv the interests
and for the benefit of a few millionaires.
The report of the Secretary of the Interior
shows beyond any doubt that if the Gov
ernment proceeds as it is empowered now
to do, and commences action against these
defaulting roads and places them at oace
in the hands of a receiver, the receipts will
pay all running expenses, all interest on the
United States bonds that is now paid
yearly by the Government and leave a sur
plus of over $2,000,000 per year to apply on
the debt; that instead of being a source of
expense they -would become a source of
revenue.
"It is astounding that any such out
rageous scheme can have any standing in
the Congress of the United States. If suf
ficient lime was given the opponents of
the bill to show it up I do not think it
could pass, but the signs all portend that
an attempt will be made to railroad it
through under the 'gag,' as the river and
harbor bill was. If it is it will damn this
Congress for all time."
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
MURDERED BY
SONORA GUIDES
Treacherous Mexicans Hack
a San Jose Gambler
to Pieces.
KILLED FOR HIS GOLD.
Tragic End of the Checkered
Career of C. J. Doyle, a
Confidence Man.
WAS FLEEING FROM JUSTICE"
Men Engaged to Lead Him Out of
the Country Kill Him While
He Sleeps.
PORTLAND, Or., April 7.— A little less
than a year ago there came to Portland
from San Francisco C. J. Doyle, who coon
was discovered by the detectives *o be an
expert confidence operator, a "sure-thing'
man and a fake sprinter. He was arrested
several times on vagrancy charges to
frighten him out of town, and eventually
the police succeeded in ridding the city of
him. Doyle had a handsome and prepos
sessing countenance, but morally he was
corrupt, and now he lies in an unmarked
grave in Mexico. Detective Welsh to day
received a letter from Sonora, accompanied
by a ghastly photograph of Doyle showing
his appearance after having been treach
erously cut to death.
Two weeks ago Doyle "flimflamraed" a
Sonora Mexican out of $50 and the police
were at once placed oa nis track. The
culprit, knowing that he would receive no
mercy if appreiiended, hired two other
Mexicans to guide him out of the country.
Doyle's guides, believing that he had got
ten away with a much larger sum than he
f dually did, murdered him the first night
out while he was asleep near the Sonora
line. The photograph received here is
evidence that the treacherous guides
literally hacked their victim into pieces.
The letter adds that, while the guides
were yet engaged in their bloody work
the mounted police in pursuit of Doyle
came upon them and arrested them. They
were taken back to Sonora, where, in all
probability, they will speedily be executed.
Doyle had no reason to be a criminal, for
he was a member of a respectable family
in San Jose, Cal., which always supplied
him with ample means, and it is ?aid saved
him from going to San. Qaentin on two
occasions. But he was instinctively a
thief. When he came here he brought
with him from the bay a dashing and
seemingly refined young woman, whom
he at first passed off as nis wife. In his
Hurried departure from this city he left
her behind without a dollar. The woman
subsequently disclosed the fact that she
had not been wedded to Doyle.
CA.XHERI FOR FREny'O.
San Francisco Concern to Remove to th«
Jtaitin TMttriet.
FRESNO, Cal., April 7.— Fresno at last
is about to acquire a much-needed can
nery. This institution is to come from
San Francisco, where it has been in opera
tion for some time. The cannery will give
employment to 300 or 400 women, girls
ana boys, with a weekly payroll of about
$1500. It has an estimated capacity of 120,
000 cases for the season.
There is no doubt that the concern, as
it now exists in Ban Francisco, is to be
moved to Fresno immediately. There
will be meetings of the Hundred Thousand
Club and the Chamber of Commerce
Thursday night, and also a meeting of the
Fresno County Horticultural Society on
Saturday, when the matter will be dis
cussed and committees appointed to make
all necessary arrangements for the enter
prise.
For Interesting Pacific Coast Tele
grams See Pages 3 and 4.
Spring
Is the season for purifying, cleansing and
renewing. The accumulations of waste
everywhere are being removed. Winter's
icy grasp is broken, and on all sides are
indications of nature's returning life,
renewed force and awakening power.
Spring
fl l&^V
Is the time for purifying the blood, cleans-
ing the system and renewing the physical
powers. Owing ;to close \ confinement,
diminished perspiration and other causes,
in the winter, impurities have not
passed out of the system as they should,
I but have accumulated in . the blood*
Spring
Is therefore the best time to take Hood*
Sarsaparilla, because the system is now
most in need of medicine. That Hood's
Sarsaparilla is the best blood . purifier ' and
Spring medicine is proved by its -wonder-
ful cures. A course of Hood's Sarsaparilla
I now may prevent great suffering later on.
Hood's
Sarsaparilla
Is the One True Blood Purifier. All druggist*, 91
Prepared only by C.I. Hood & Co., Lowell, M>».
Hood's Pills cure LlvBr lUa ; ce * § to take,2
CONSOLIDATION
OF POSTOFFICES
It Is the Subject of Much
Debate in the
Senate.
TAKES A WIDE RANGE.
From Appropriations the States
men Branch Off to Civil
Service Reform.
HOKE SMITH SOUNDLY SCORED.
But the Bill Is Passed and With It
an Increased Subsidy for Carry
ing Ocean Maih.
WASHINGTON, D. C, April 7.— The
Senate ttaJ a long and important session
to-day, the Dostoffke appropriation bill
being the subject of consideration and ac
tion. There was quite an extended discus
sion over the question of the consolidation
of fourth-class postorfiees in the vicinity
of large towns and cities and the substitu
tion for them of stations, sub-stations and
branch offices. The opponents of the sys
tem were successful in having its exten
bion restricted — an amendment offered by
Wolcott of Colorado favorable to the sys
tem having been laid upon the table by a
vote of 48 to 7. That decisive vote was
followed by the adoption of an amend
ment offered by Pasco of Florida— ayes 36,
noes 2o — which restricts the consolidation
system to the limits of corporate towns
and cities.
The committee amendment appropri
ating $30,000 as additional compensation
to the Oceanic Steamship Company for
ocean mail service from San Francisco to
New Zealand and New South Wales was
agreed to — aye 3 32. noes 21.
The item of $196,614 for necessary and
special mail facilities on trunk lines from
Boston to Atlanta and New Orleans by
way of New York and Washington, was
retained in the bill, the motion by Vilas of
Wisconsin to strike it out having been
voted down, ayea 13, noes 89.
An amendment requiring the expendi
ture of $50,000 for experiments in rural
free delivery was offered by Butler of
North Carolina, and was agreed to, ayes
27, noes 25.
Teller presented resolutions from
branches of the American Federation of
Labor in various States for the free and
unlimited coinage of silver without wait
ing for the aid of any other nation, one of
them declaring that the members of the
branch would not assist any candidate
who was not in favor of free coinage, no
matter to what political party he might
belong.
The Senate bill to pay to Edward Rice of
Denver, Colo., $2700 for United States
coupon bonds lost by him in July, 1886,
was passed.
Butler (Pop.) of North Carolina intro
duced a joint resolution proposing an
amendment to the constitution of the
United States limiting the President's veto
power. It proposes that a Presidential
veto may be overcom 0 by a majority vote
(instead of a two-thirds vote) in both
Houses; also that all orders, resolutions
and votes to which a concurrence of both
Houses may be necessary, except on the
Question of adjournment, shall be pre
sented to the President, and shall be ap
proved by him before they take effect. It
was referred.
The postoffice appropriation bill was
taken up, the pending question being on
the proposition as to the compensation of
clerks at postal stations and sub-stations,
involving the matter of the consolidation
ol postoffices throughout the country.
Vilas (D.) of Wisconsin made an ex
planation of the points at issue. He said
that the proposition was a mere provision
that the postmasters who would be pay*
able out of the appropriation for post
masters' salaries might be paid out of the
appropriation for clerks when the offices
of such postmasters were discontinued and
incorporated with other offices.
Vilas said the advantages of the postal
consolidation system were so obvious that
no opposition would have been made to it
had not the Senator from Maryland
(Gorman) uncorked the bottle and let out
the genius of opposition to civil service
reform. "And," he added, "civil service
advancement in this country owes its
Buccess to the man now at the head of
this Government."
Allen (Pop.) of Nebraska challenged
Vilas to point out any benefits derited
from civil service reform.
"If nothing else had been gained," Vila»
replied, "than the decency and cleanliness
of political conduct on a change of admin
istration that would have been enough to
NEW TO-DAY.
Apollinaris
NATURAL MINERAL WATER.
MALICIOUS STATEMENTS having been disseminated
that the APOLLINARIS WATER offered for sale in San
Francisco is not the Natural product of the APOLLINARIS
SPRING in GERMANY, notice is hereby given that every
arrival of APOLLINARIS WATER is accompanied by a
CERTIFICATE from the Proprietors of the APOLLINARIS
SPRING stating that the shipment consists of Apollinaris
Natural Mineral Water, bottled at the Apollinaris Spring
near Neuenahr, Rhenish Prussia.
Such Certificates are invariably declared and sub-
scribed to by the said Proprietors in the presence of
the CONSUL of the United States of America at COLOGNE
in GERMANY, and are filed at the San Francisco Custom
House where they can at all times be inspected.
A REWARD of $1,000 will be paid for information
which will lead to the conviction of any person or
persons selling spurious Apollinaris Water.
JOHN CAFFREY, 47 First Street, San Francisco,
Representing CHARLES GRAEF & CO., New Yoik.
Sole Agents ol the AFQLLINARIS COMPANY, LIMITED, LWDOH.
make civil service reform a great triumph.
The relief that has been afforded to Sen
ators and Representatives is of itself an
item of great consequence."
Allen* pointed out the absurdities of
many of the questions that might be put
to postoftice applicants by the civil ser
vice examiners, and he asked what earthly
bearing such questions bad on the fitness
of somebody to run a little fourth-class
postofflce in a village fifteen or twenty
miles from a large town. The rank and
file of the people, many of whom had done
service for the couutry in its hour of perii,
were to be set aside, ignored and practi
cally disfranchised by the adoption of such
"silly and nonsensical rules," and by that
means the people were to be isolated, from
their own postoffices.
In the course of a colloquy between
Allen, Hoar (K.) of Massachusetts and
Vilas (D.) of Wisconsin on the subject of
civil service Hoar referred to Roosevelt as
having been a bold, courageous, intelligent
and most efficient administrator of the
civil service laws. He did noi think Mr.
Cleveland, who had done a great many
good things, deserved to be written up
very high on that score. The reform, how
ever, had come to stay. Hoar inveighed
against the Mate of things that existed be
fore civil service reform was inaugurated.
That state of things had been, he said, the
running sore of the country — the offensive
Btench in the nostrils, the disgrace, the
degradation, the snarae, the infamy of
the American people. The men who un
dertook the reform had determined to put
a stop to that evil; and if they did not get
the best possible substitute they got what
was a hundred fold, a million fold better
than that which it had displaced.
"On the whole," Hoar added, "and in
the main, President Cleveland and his
Cabinet have carried out the civil service
law, and President Harrison and bis Cabi
net, with some exceptions, carried it out.
But when the history of that great reform
comes to be written the names that shall
be written in indelible characters are the
names of D. E. Eaton, Senator Hawley
and Theodore Roosevelt."
Wolcott (R.) of Colorado made an earn
est civil service speech, in which he said
he did not agree with Senator Gorman
that the corner grocery was the corner
stone of the Republic. He did a^ree with
that Senator, however, in denouncing the
habit of Cabinet officers making speeches
all over the country. The last Cabinet
officer he had heard of doing it was "barn
stalking down in Georgia in favor of gold
monometallism." He should have called
attention to it earlier had it not been for
the faot that that official was better away
than at Washington so far as his public
duties and his performance of them were
concerned.
"Is the point you make," Hill (D.) of
New York asked, "that a Cabinet officer
has no right to make these speeches
throughout the country to the neglect of
his duties, or is it that he has no right to
make political speeches at all ?"
"I take it," Wolcott replied, "that he
has no right to make speeches to the
neglect of his duties."
Hill — That is the point of your criti
cism?
Wolcott — At this time.
Hill suggested that it had been the cus
tom heretofore for Cabinet officials to make
political speeches, and that it was also the
custom of English statesmen like Glad
stone, Salisbury and others.
Wolcott, in reply to that suggestion,
said that those statesmen were also mem
bers of the British Parliament, and there
fore were entitled to make speeches in pub
lic justifying Ifce.ir action. Therefore the
analogy did not lie. He commnnted upon
the neglect of the Secretary of the Interior
to carry out the acts of Congress in repard
to the lands of the Uncompahgre Indian
reservation in Utah and in regard to Pa»
cific railroad lands, and said that the Sec
retary might just as well be making stump
speeches in Georgia as sitting in his ex
ecutive office. But the very lack of atten
tion to public duties which mieht charac
terize these Cabinet officials was more an
additional reason why the power of mak
ing appointments should be taken from
them. Nobody knew better than the Sen
ator from Maryland (Gorman) that his
own personal wishes and the wishes of his
constituents expressed through him went
absolutely for nothing in the making of
postoffice appointments.
Gorman took exception to what he con
sidered a restraint upon him in Wolcott's
remarks, which idea, however, Wolcott en
tirely disclaimed.
Gorman declared that since he had been
a Senator (1881) there had not been a
dozen postmasters in Maryland appointed
on his recommendation. He therefore re-
sented the intimation that his opposition
to the amendment was because it would
take away patronage.
Wolcott again disclaimed having given
any such intimation, but he repeated that
it was unseemly that those appointments
of fourth-class postmasters should be based
on politics — "and ou politics of a low
sort."
Stewart (Pop.) of Nevada argued against
civil service reform as having a tendency
to replace simple democracy with a con
solidated despotism.
Allison (R.) of lowa, in charge of the
bill, after remarking that the question of
civil service reform had nothing more to
do with the pending question than it had
to do with the war in Cuba, moved to lay
Wolcott's amendment on the table. The
motion was agreed to and the amendment
was laid on the table—ayes 48, noes 7.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, APRIL 8, 1896.
Wolcott*S" amendment which was thus
defeated was a proviso that whenever a
postoffice is consolidated with another
postoftice so as to make it a station or sub
station the salary of the superintendent or
clerk may be paid out of the appropria
tions fof clerks. The result of the vote
was unfavorable to the extension of the
system of postoffice consolidation.
In the further discussion of the question
Allison suggested that the Senate might
trust, in the Postmaster-General that he
would not in the face of debate and action
of the Senate to-day attempt any exten
sion of the consolidation system, but
might even retrace his steps in some in
stances, such as that of Elliott City.
Butler (Pop.) of North Carolina offered
an amendment that $50,000 of the $12,
--128,000 appropriation for free delivery
shall be used to defray the expaases of ex
periments in rural Iree delivery. Before a
vote was taken on Butler's amendment
Perkins (R.) of California made an argu
ment in favor of the committee amend
ment appropriating $80,000 additional com
pensation for the ocean mail service be
tween San Francisco and Australia.
At 5 p. m. all debate ceased and the Sen
ate began to vote on the amendments.
The first vote was on Butler's amendment
appropriating $50,000 for experiments in
rural free delivery and it was adopted
ayes 27, noes 25.
The next vote was on the committee
appropriating $80,000 as additional com
pensation to the Oceanic Steamship Com
pany for ocean mail transportation. The
amendment was agreed to — ayes 32,
noes 21.
Vilas (D.) of Wisconsin moved to strike
out of the bili the item of |196,814 "for
necessary and special facilities on trunk
lines from Boston, Mass., by way of New
York and Washington to Atlanta and New
Orleans." The motion was rejected. .
The bill waa then passed and the Senate
at 5:50 adjourned until to-morrow.
SESSION Of THE HOUSE.
Difference of Opinion Regarding Hash.
ington'a J^ree Library.
Washington, d. c, April 7.— The
House spent the day in discussing two
measures that had not been expected to
engage its attention at this time. The
first was the bill providing for the estab
lishment of a free public library in Wash
ington. There was a difference of opinion
between the House and Senate as to the
fund against which the expenses of the
institution should be charged — the Senate
providing that they should be divided be
tween the District and General Govern
ment, and the House that they should be
paid entirely by the District. The Com
mittee on the Affairs of the District of
Columbia recommended that the House
recede from its amendment to the bill, but
after a two-hour discussion the recommen
dation of the committee was disagreed
to— ll3 to 127. The bill was then sent to
conference.
The other was the bill reported from the
Committee on Coinage, Weights and
Measures to adopt the metric system in
Government business January 1, 1898, and
to make it the legal standard of the coun
try January 1, 1901. It was supported by
C. W. Stone (R.) of Pennsylvania and op
posed by Bartlett (D.) of New York, Otey
(D.)of Virginia and Parker (R.) of New
Jersey. The House refused— 63 to 80— to
order the bill to its engrossment and third
reading, and pending ft demand for the
ayes and noes at 5:10 o'clock on motion of
Stone it adjourned until to-morrow.
A joint resolution was agreed to author
izing the printing of 10,000 extra copies of
the report of the Director of the Mint. On
the usual formal motion to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution passed and
to lay that motion on the table, an issue
of veracity was raised between Perkins
(R.) of lowa and bailey (D.) of Texas.
The latter recalled a conversation between
them in whicn he was assured by Perkins
that he should have notice when the reso
lution was called up, as he desired to call
the attention of the House to some mis
statements in the report of the Director.
Perkins admitted the fact of the conversa
tion, but said no assurance had been given
by him.
Bailey— Does the gentleman deny that
he assured me I should have ample notice
of calling up the resolution?
Perkins— l do.
Bailey— l say that you did, and put my
word against yours on that point.
He withdrew any objection to the adop
tion of the motion made "by Perkins, say
ing he would find gome other opportunity
to say what he had to pay.
GEXERAh MILES HAH JFRIEXbS.
The llouse Committee Tnror* the Vet-
eran'a Promotion.
WASHINGTON, D. C, April 7— The
joint resolution introduced by Hardy of
Indiana to promote Major-General Miles
to the rank of lieutenant-general was or
dered favorably reported on by the House
Military Affairs Committee to-day. Of
the twelve members present four — three
Democrats and one Republican — opposed
the resolution.
The eight affirmative votes were all Re
publicans, as follows: Hull, Curtis of New
York, Marsh, Griffin, Parker, Fenton,
Tracey and Catron. The negative votes were
cast by McClellan, Lockhart, Tyler and
Bishop, the last named being a Republi
can.
BEWARE OF DUTCM ESTATES.
livery Ifoilar Spent in Trying to Get
Them la Money Watted.
, WASHINGTON, D.C., April 7.— The
State Department has received a letter
from Edward Dowries, United States Con
sul at Amsterdam, asking that the public
be warned against the ; folly of r spending
time or money toward the • collection of
what are known as "old Dutch estates."
He says these estates do not exist, neither
has the "Bank of Holland," in which the
"unclaimed millions" are alleged to be
deposited, an existence. He says: t /
. "If these estates ever had a bona-nde
existence, then they came clearly within
the purview of the statutes of limitations
passed by the Dutch Parliament in 1852,
by which all unclaimed inheritances irrev
ocably escheated after a lapse of five years
to the State. Every dollar spent in refer
ence to these estates , is so much money
wasted." :,-^S^^S*fe^ :..:..:•.-. ;
Embassador Bayard has repeatedly
written in similar strain about unclaimed
estates in England and unclaimed funds in
the Bank of England.
Hawaiian CabU Bill.
WASHINGTON, D. C, April 7.-To
day's session of th« House Commerce
Committee was devoted to a consideration
of the Hawaiian cable bill. At the last
meeting of the committee it was suggested
tnat the subsidy be reduced from $100,000
to $100,000 a year for a term of twenty
years. To-day, on motion of Bennett of
New York, the author* of tne bill, a com
promise was reported, fixing the subsidy
At $130,000. The bill will ba taken up
again at the next meeting of tne com
mittee.
For Portal Saving* Bank*.
WASHINGTON, D. C, April 7.-The
House Committee on FostolUces to-day
lieard Representatire Bowers of Cali
fornia in support of the various bills be
fore it, providing for a system of posial
savings banks at the various postotiices
throughout the country. No action was
taken on the measures.
RALLY OF RIVAL
SALVATIONISTS
Ballington Booth of the
Volunteers Receives an
Ovation.
GREETED BY THOUSANDS
Fielding Given a Colonelcy to
Command in the Field in
the Northwest.
TUCKER-BOOTHS ARE ACTIVE.
An Unpleasant Interruption During
Their Rig Meeting in New
York.
CHICAGO, 111., April 7— The new
movement of the Volunteers of America
waa formally inaugurated in the Audi
torium Theater to-nieht under flattering
auspices by the founder and commander,
Ballington Booth, aided by his wife and
Edward Fielding, late brigadier in com
mand of the Northwest division of the
Salvation Army. Three thousand men,
women and children from the class which
is not usually found at Salvation Army
assemblies, cheered, waved small Ameri
can flags and handkerchiefs, and ap
plauded their sympathy whenever Com
mander or Mrs. Booth voiced the con
scientious and American sentiments which
actuatea their withdrawal from his
father's army.
When the demonstration was nearing an
end Commander Booth, on behalf of the
volunteers, announced that he gave to ex-
Brigadier Fielding the oversight of the
Northwestern volunteer movement, with
the rank of colonel. Commander Booth
reciied the circumstances of bis trouble,
which he termed a "forcible removal from
office." When he exclaimed with pas
sionate fervor ''We haven't returned to
the ranks of the Salvation Army, and it is
not our intention to return to its ranks,"
there was a sympathetic outburst of ap
plause, with drum-beating and clashing of
cymbals on the stage for emphasis. He
declared it was not the intention of the
Volunteers to take the property or mem
bers of the old army, and the principles he
had always worked for would ba main
tained. He announced that the name of
their organ to be published would be the
Volunteer Gazette.
NEW YORK. N. V., April 7.-A mon
ster welcome demonstration was given by
the Salvation Army to Commissioner
Booth-Tucker and Mrs. Booth-Tucker to
night at Carnegie Music Hall. Fully 6000
persons were present. Commissioner
Booth-Tucker announced that be had
taken out his first papers and declared his
intention of becoming an American citi
zen. Mrs. Booth-Tucker also announced
her intention of becoming, and American
citizen. Mrs. Booth-Tucker, in the course
of her address, said:
"I am here to bring about a full and
complete reconciliation, in which I am per
suaded not only the angels of heaven but
the people of America will rejoice. You
know to what I refer. I ask that you will
pray with me for the fulfillment of that
desire."
In conclusion Mrs. Booth-Tucker made
an eloquent appeal for Christianity, and
just as she said "Let us pray" some one in
the top gallery shouted "What is the
matter with Ballingtou Booth?" Several
persons shouted "He's all right."
Without noticing this interruption Mrs.
Booth-Tucker prayed aloud.
ESTHER HAS THE MEASLES
It Causes Her Papa, the Presi
dent, to Be Quarantined at
the White House.
Sickness Followed by a Scurrying to
Woodley and Postponement of tha
Cabinet Meeting.
WASHINGTON, D. C, April 7.-Presi
dent Cleveland and Secretary Thurber are
quarantined at the White House; Mrs.
Cleveland and children are quarantined
at Woodley and Mrs. Thurber and her
little ones are quarantined at their horn c
on I street. All this and a postponement
of a Cabinet meeting in addition is the re
sult of the discovery in tbe White House
nursery between 10 and 11 o'clock this
morning. Little Esther Cleveland, the
President's second caughter, who is two
and a half years of age, developed symp
toms of measles about that hour.
Immediately there was great excitement
throughout the mansion; the President
was informed, and he sent messages to all
Cabinet officers in town that there would
bejio Cabinet meeting to-day. Mrs. Bath
raann, the teacher of the White House
kindergarten, -was sent post haste to Wood
ley, the President's country place, and
hurried preparations were made for taking
Esther and her sisters there. Shortly
afterward the sick child was sent to Wood
ley in a closed carriage, accompanied in
that and another vehicle by her mother,
nurses and sisters.
Private Secretary Thurber has been liv
ing at the White House for ten days since
one of his children developed a case of
measles. This morning young Tom Thur
ber and the cook at the Thurber house
were taken with the disease. Esther
Cleveland and the Thurber children are
doing well. Little Esther's is said to be a
mild ease. It is likely that on her recov
ery the family will be joined at Woodley
by the President and will remain there
until they leave for Gray Gables at tbe
beginning of tsumnier.
Appropriation* for Agriculture.
WASHINGTON, D. C, April 7.— The
conferees on the agricultural appropria
tion for the coming fiscal year reached an
agreement to-day. As passed in the House
the bill carried $3,215,392. The Benate in
creased this amount by $118,260. The Ben
ate conferees agreed to recede from amend
ments carrying $78,120, leavinK the bill as
agreed to, appropriating $3,302,792, or
about $1000 less than the amount for the
ourreni fiscal year.
. ._■ In favor of Woodward. • ,
WASHINGTON, D. C, April 7.-The
House Committee on Elections No. 2 to
day decided the contested case of Cheat
ham against Woodward from the Second
North Carolina district in favor of Wood
ward, the sitting member, a Democrat.
Minister Arriga's Vacation.
WASHINGTON, D. C, April 7,-Min.
ister Laao Arriga, the diplomatic repre
sentative of Guatemala and Honduras for
the past three years, will leave for home
by way of panania on Thursday on leave
of absence. He will return to Washington
in July. There is said to be no political
significance in the Minister's trip, ;which.
is solely to give personal attention to his
coffee estates and other property.
Chapman's Conviction Stands.
WASHINGTON, D. C. April 7.— The.
Court of Appeals to-day affirmed the de*
cision of the lower court in the case of Eli
verton K. Chapman, the recalcitrant wit
ness before the Senate committee which,
investigated the sugar trust. The lower
court sentenced Chapman to pay $100 fine,
and serve thirty days' imprisonment. Mr.
Chapment will appeal the case.
Treaiurjf Gold Rtaerre.
WASHINGTON, D. C, April 7.— The.
treasury gold reserve at the close of busii
ness to-day stood at $125,878,760. The
withdrawals for the day were $82,100.
TAXI>JSItBIX,T AM* I>EPEW.
Preparations Made for the Party's Re
■•■' ception tit Omaha. ': ;
OMAHA, Nebe., April 7.— Chauncey M.
Depew, Cornelius Vanderbilt and their
party are expected in this city next Fri
day. General Manager Dickinson of the
Union Pacific, who has gone out to meet
them, reached Ogden to-day and the Van
derbilt party will arrive there tp-morrow.
The itinerary includes a trip to Salt Lake,
*and possibly" a detour via Colorado, before
coming to Omaha. From this city they
will go East on the Northwestern. The
train carrying the party is light, consist
ing of two Vanderbilt special cars and the
Union Pacific car, and the run across the
Rookies and the plains will doubtless show
fast time.
BACK WITH THE BRIDE
General Harrison Returns to
His Family Residence at
Indianapolis.
Given Cheers at the Depot, but No
One Receives the Couple but
the Housekeeper.
INDIANAPOLIS, I.\d., April 7.— Ex-
President Harrison and his bride arrived
from New York at 10:15 to-night. A large
crowd was at the Union station, but there
was no one of prominence to greet them.
They ali.hted from the rear coach, and
arm in arm went through the station to
the carriage in waiting.
As they passed through the gates a cheer
went up from the crowd and was taken up
and repeated again and again outside the
gates. The bridal couple moved with a
quick stop through the throng, which
parted on either side for their passage.
Mrs. Harmon kept her eyea on the
ground and she raised them but once aa
she passed through the station.
Upon entering the carriage they were
driven rapidly to their North Delaware
street home. No one was there to receive
them except the housekeeper.
SHOT DOWN BY WHITES
Negroes Fired Upon by the
Regulators While Going
to Register.
State Troops Are Required in a Louisi
ana Parisb to Prevent Further
Bloodshed.
NEW ORLEANS. La., April 7.—An
other serious riot occurred in St. Landry
to-day over the registration. Two negroes
were killed, six or seven seriously wound
ed and twenty or more were severely
whipped.
Supervisor of Registration Swords has
established his office at Opelousas. The
negroes, believing that tbe presence of
State troops in Opelousas would assure
them protection, a large number of them
started for that town to register. A de
tachment of perhaps 100 left Grand Prairie,
a large negro settlement. At their head
was a negro who was armed with a rifle to
protect himself.
When about balf-way to Opelousas tbe
negroes were halted by the regulators or
white supremacy men and ordered to go
home. They declared their intention to go
to Opelousas and register. When they at
tempted to pass by the regulators opened
fire on them, killed two negroes and
wounded six or seven others. A number
who were not wounded received fifty
lashes each, and the whole party, except
the dead, returned to Grand Prairie thor
onghly demoralised.
The story created a panic among the
negroes in Opelousas, and a large number
of them refuted to register.
The Thompson faction, whom the
negroes favor, ask that the militia be
allowed to remain at Opelousas until after
toe election, but the white surjremacy
faction is anxious to gat rid of them.
BLAZE IN A MAILCAR.
It Caused Great Excitement in
the Official Quarter of
Washington.
An Explosion, Followed by Wi d
Scenes and a Scrambla for
the Pouches.
WASHINGTON, D. C., April 7.— lntense
excitement in the official quarter of Wash
ington was caused shortly before noon to
day by an alarm of fire turned in from the
Treasury Department.
The alarm was caused by the partial de
struction of a United States Railway Mail
Service car while in transit over the Penn
sylvania-avenue cable road. This mailcar
serves the route between the navy-yard,
the Capitol, the Treasury and Georgetown.
It took fire through an explosion of a coal
oil stove while opposite the treasury and
in an instant was wrapped in flames. Be
fore the engines appeared most of the
maiibags were saved by the crowd, and
beyond the destruction of the upper part
of the car the loss was insignificant.
The fire occured at the head of a grade
and as soon as it was extinguished the
brakes were released with the intention of
coasting the car about three blocks down
to the cable-shops and the power-station.
In attempting to make a flying switch
at this point the still smoking car left the
track and plunged into a lent; line of cars
which bad accumulated, giving rise to a
renewal of the excitement, although no
one was injured,
SINGLE TAXERS
BEGIN THE FIGHT
Fire the Opening Gun of
Their Campaign in
Delaware.
MAGUIRE AND GEORGE
Noted Exponents Deliver Inter
esting Discourses at a
Big Banquet.
GREAT GROWTH OF THE PARTY
Tribute Paid to the Memory of Jeffer
sod, the Father cf the Idea
of Righteous Taxation.
WILMINGTON, Del., April 7.— The
opening gun of toe political campaign
which the Single-tax party of Delaware
will make for the control of the next Legis
lature, to he chosen in November, was fired
to-night, the event being marked by an
immense banquet, at which nearly 500
persona were present. Besides being a sig
nal of the opening of the campaign, the
banquet, which was postponed from Thurs
day night last, was in honor of the anni
versary of the birth of Thomas Jefferson.
Among the distinguished guests were
Henry George, Congressman James G.
Maguire of California, Hon. Thomas G.
Sherman of Brooklyn and Hon. Lloyd
Garrison of Boston. Hon. Thomas L.
Thompson of Ohio, who was expected to
be present and to deliver one of his famous
single-tax speeches, was delayed in Brook
lyn. His regrets, coupled with ft heartfelt
wish for the success of the single-tax
movement in Delaware, were read by Mr.
George.
Mr. George delivered an eloquent ad
dress in which he paid a glowing tribute
to the memory of Jefferson, whom he styled
the father and promotor of the idea of
equal and righteous taxation in America.
He spoke of Jefferson's visit to France and
how after observing there the evils of land
lordism he carce back to America and ex
horted his countrymen to take precautions
against their introduction here.
Mr. George also referred briefly to the
sucoess of the aingle-tax movement in
Australia after years of patient labor on
the part of th« sinsjle-tax workers, and
urged the workers in Delaware to continue
their fight until victory perched upon their
banner. His address was received with
applause and shouts for single tax and
justice.
Maguire, who is well known to all the
single-taxers of this section— in fact is a
member of the Single-tax Society here
received an ovation when he arose to
speak. He referred to th* event which the
event which the banquet commemorated
and congratulated the Single-tax Society
upon the marvelous growth of the single
tax movement in Delaware in the past
four months. The movement, he said,
has become so interesting that he pror>osed
to come to Delaware again in May and
make a series of lectures throughout the
State, as he did during the past winter.
Speeches were also mado by \V. S.
Hetzel of Philadelphia, and Hon. Thomas
G. Sherman of Brooklyn also spoke.
About 250 of the gue'stg were from Balti
more, Philadelphia and Chester.
Bobbed by Masked Men.
MONTGOMERY, Ala., April 7.— Deputy
Tax Collector Woodham of Covington
County was en route from the express
office at Searight to Andalusia, the county
scat, Saturday afternoon with $2000 of the
county money when three masked men
stepped from oeside the road, stopped the
bußgy in which Woodham and a friend
were driving, and pointing three guns at
the occupants of the vehicle made them
deliver over the money and $70 of his own
funds. The robbers are believed to be
strangers who witnessed the express agent
pay the money to the collector.
-Failure of One Strike.
BUFFALO, N. V., April 7.— The street
railway strike was a failure. An order
was issued at 5 o'clocK for a general strike,
but a large majority of the men refused to
obey. The cars are running on schedule
time.
Kruttichnitt a Director.
HOUSTON. Tex., April 7.— The annual
HEW TO-DAY.
/Cm|pP3j| j The Door of Life.
WJr)// Imr f^ no reas °n why
(Sjjt'J-TU* I***1 *** . . childbirth should be
/. v i . .' fraught , with danger
and distress. It , is a perfectly natural
function, and should be performed in a
natural way without undue suffering.
Nature never ; intended v that women
| should be tortured when doing the one
thing which makes | them . wholly wo-
manly. ; The perversion of nature's laws
has brought this ' suffering about, and a
return to right living will stop it.
Nine out of ten women are troubled
more or less by weakness and diseases
peculiar to their sex. It is so because
they do not take proper care of them-
, selves—because they neglect little ills
and little precautions, A woman in per-
fectly hearty health goes through her
time of trial with comparative ease. The
thing to do then, is to make all expec-
; tant ; mothers , healthy — to strengthen
them generally and locally. The medi-
cine and tonic to do it with , is Doctor
Pierces Favorite Prescription.
ff It is a powerful invigorant and nervine.
It soothes and strengthens the nerves and
' acts directly on the feminine organism in \
a way which fits it for the proper and
regular performance of all its functions
at all, times. •■■ - • • •-■■■
Taken during gestation it robs child-
birth of ; its dangers to both mother and
child, by preparing the system for de-
livery thereby: shortening labor, lessen-
ing pain and ; abbreviating the period of
confinement. °-; v
A Book of 168 pages on "Woman and Her
Diseases" and : telling how to cure them
with home-treatment, 10 cents (stamps) to
fart cover postage, world's Dispensary
Medical Association, Buffalo, N. Y.
meeling of the Houston and T*xas Cen
tral Railway Company was held here to
day, the foiiotvins officers being elected:
President, Thomas H. Hubhard, New
York ; vice-president. G. A. Quinlan, Hous
ton; secretary and treasurer. E. W. Cave,
Houston i assistant secretary and treas
urer, I. E. Gates, New York. J. K. Krutt
schnitt of San Francisco was elected a
director.
NEW TO-DAY.
*' _....■ $o^'
"Hurry up, Mary-let's go out of the clutches of
these cheap-John tailors before they "do" us.
Don't be a lamb! ; <;V
. Compare the all-wool Men's Suits we
offer this week at $7 with the cheap wood-
chopper tailor's $15 article. See if it isn't
made better, newer style, better shades!
§aye your fleece!
1000 Sailor Suits, all-wool, drab and light
brown — anchor neatly embroidered on col-
lar— 1; value $150.
Latest in Boys' Fauntleroy and Sailor
Blouses, 50c.
Boys' Long Pants Suits, $4 50.
Men's and Boys' Straw Hats, 50c.
150 Fedora Hats for men, 95c.
The above are mentioned as being es-
pecially strong bargains.
Bike Suits and Sweaters.
The 75c Neckwear you admire in other
windows-r-50c here.
1 Mail orders carefully filled,
BENT\\)S '
PIN .. vv/ 1
is * tmaft A,,* HikatHui* for a fish hook- V /
CALL' ON US-- I
WM SELECTION-
-omM^mo.
BI6YGLES3*
818-820 MARKET ST.
f**=| j j 1 1 r*-J
CORDON & HLWOfiTH iM
No. 1 PER OLIVES, #1\
sOc LARGE JARsV'.^%fji
— —~* — 77 —
Above "Special" this week only. ' ' gOr
■•Smith's Weekly" lulls all about W?
the Specials.
Removal Sale now In progress.
'freight prepaid 100 miles and over.
Smith's Monthly Catalogue free for postal.
& M IT M ft' CASH STORE,
OIYII I riO 414-18 Front. S. F.
Largest Departm't Store west of Chicago.
CALIFORNIA COLLEGE OP PHARMACY,
Department of Pharmacy. University of
California.
NOTICE TO STUDENTS.
rnnE ENTRANCE! EXAMINATION' AND MA-
■*■ triculaiion will take place on TUESDAY, April
14th, at 9 a. m., at the college, 113 Fulton street.
W. M. SEARBY, Dean.
Q ROSE CARNIVALS
— AND A—
A VENETIAN WATER
o CARNIVAL
m^ will swell the great tide of meiry.
JL^ making to sweep over the State this
(season.
\T SANTA ROSA CARNIVAL
N SANTA ROSA CARNIVAL
It Programmed (or
1 •^| / v April 30, May 1 and 2.
The charming City of Roses is very
I much at home with this favored
, ■ flower, and her pride / in its ezhibi-
tion is surpassed only by . her
amazing wealth of roses.
SAN MATEO COUNTY'S
V ROSE CARNIVAL
is to be held at Redwood City on tha
PATES NAMED ABOVE, and it will
be abundantly proven that San Mateo
knows all about roses.
A SANTA CRUZ VENETIAN
WATER CARNIVAL
is announced for June 17 to 20, in-
L elusive. Mere mention brings vivid
recollections of last season's brilliant
event, to be completely eclipsed thit
year, it is said. Thousands will won-
der how. ;-... .... . .
>^ Wi/CEDRAm*™^
S REDUCED RATES wi^ eb7
the Southern Pacific Company for all
:^^ these brilliant events. Arrange your
- %_ * vacation , programmes - accordingly
and call on the agents for particulars.
BRUSHES-*
assy bopkblnlira, '£&*»!£!!?'£&
ton, l«ttrmUl«, foundries laundries. pa»S
kaaccrs, prlptw, Pinters, stioe factone* sub*
■aifc uu-rooteis, tanawa. taUoratWc.
«_„ ■ M BeCHAjflalT skos..
»msh M»auf*etur«rt« ff 09 9*cr»m»nt«9»»BRAVE BATTLES
WITH BOODLERS.
An Effort Made to Oust
the Old Gang at
Chicago.
BUT SIX YET REMAIN.
Regardless of Party Citizens
Voted to Remove the Cor
rupt Crowd.
ELECTIONS IN SEVEN TOWNS.
Blood Freely Shed in Several Wards
and the Police Kept Busy With
Rioters.
CHICAGO, 111., April 7.— In the elec
tion here to-day for town officers and
Aldermen the Republicans carried all of
the seven towns by majorities ranging
from 1000 to 4000. The campaign for
Aldermen was not strictly on party lines,
being more of an effort on the part of repu
table citizens to oust the old gang which
has controlled the Council, regardless of
politics.
Of the thirty-four Aldermen elected to
day only eight are men who were opposed
by the Municipal Voters' League. The
remaining twenty-six may be said to fairly
represent the respectable element.
Of the old Council gang John Coughlin
(Bathhouse John), Charles Martin, John
Powers, Daniel Ackerraan, Robert Mai
cahy and Cyrus Howell return to the
Council. These six will still have com
pany in the Council-chamber, as out of
the thirty-four present Aldermen whose
terms do not expire until next year there
are a number ef well-known boodlers.
The election to-day will severely cripple
them and yet still leave them with a ma
jority of two or three members in the
Council. Heretofore they have had a two
thirds majority, which enabled them to
pass at will ordinances over the Mayor's
veto.
Tne People's party did not succeed in
electing a single candidate. Of the suc
cessful candidates thirteen are Democrats,
eighteen Republicans and three who ran
on an independent ticket. The most bitter
contest was in the First Ward, between
Bathhouse John and George H. Williams.
Coaghlin will have a majority of over
1200. In this ward there were six candi
dates — one Democrat, two Republicans,
one People's party and two independent.
Blood was shed in the First Ward, and
the ]olioe were called on to quell several
incipient riots at the polling-places. The
Wee section of the ward provided its usual
quota of lesser brawls, with tisls, rocks and
ciubs as weapons and whisky as the acces
sary in every case. There were disturb
ances among the Italians of the Nine
teenth Ward, where the Alderman ic con
testants strove with beer, whisky and
money t<^ influence the voting. Fist-rights
and ejections of trespassers from the poll
ing-places by the police were reported in
the Second, Eighteenth and Twenty-sec
ond wards.
The police quickly restored order when
ever an outbreak occurred, and, on the
whole, considering the bitterness of the
right against "gang" Aldermen, the election
was not a discreditable one. The open
violation of the law against saloons selling
liquor during the voting hours made most
of the trouble for tne police.
OTHER idUXICirAL ELECTION'S.
Jones, the A. V. A. Candidate, tier ted
Mayor of JCantam City.
KANSAS CITY, Mo., April 7.— Only
at>out one-half the precincts in the city
were beard from on to-day's election up to
11 o'clock to-night, but these indicate the
election of Jones for Mayor by a majority
of about 700. Jones was the A. P. A. can
didate, and the contest between that
organization and a citizens' independent
ticket was a bitter one.
ST. PAUL, Minn., April 7.— A large
number of Minnesota cities held elections
to-day. As a rule party lines were not
closely arawn. Hottest fights were usually
made on excise. As far as heard from the
pro-license men won in a majority of
cases.
MILWAUKEE, Wis., April 7.— A heavy
vote was cast at the municipal election to
day. The Republican city ticket was
elected by pluralities ranging from 1500 to
2.500. The labor vote was very large. The
balance of power in the Common Council
and Board of Supervisors will be in the
hand? of the Republicans.
OMAHA, Nebr., April 7. — Town elec
tions were held throughout the State to
day, the voting in most places being for or
against liquor license. The elections re
sulted generally in favor of license.
LINCOLN, Nebr., April 7.— ln this city
to-day the entire Republican ticket was
elected by majorities of 1000 to 2000. Re
publicans pained one Alderman. Over the
State the issue was license or no license,
and license was generally successful.
A SAN DIEGO HEROINE.
Death of the Woman Who Made the
First American Flag in
California.
SANTA MONICA, Cal., April 7.— Mrs.
Josefa Carrillo, who died at Los Angeles on
Sunday last of heart disease, had an event
ful career in this State. She was borr. in
San Diego on August 3, 1823, her maiden
name being Josefa Bandini. The Bandinis
were among, the most noted of the Span
ish families living in California. Senorita
Bandini married P. C. Carrillo on May 28,
184 L Seven children— rive daughters and
two son«, who have served their State in
many places of usefulness — were born to
them.
In I^4B, when Commodore Stockton
marched into San Diego at the head of a
victorious army, he found himself in the
predicament of not having a flag, and
called upon Senor Bandini to help him
out.* Bandini had his daughter Josefa
make one. So pleased was the Commo
dore at this act of loyalty that the flag
was sent to the Capitol at Washington,
where it remains, a memento of her loy
alty and the first American flag ever made
in the State.
GILROY MOURMS.
Jimtli of Ht.a.t Sargent, Prominent in
A tni, t\r Circle:
GILROY, Cal., Ai.nl 7.— Robs Sargent
died this morning. The young man was
but 26 years old, the second son of Hon. J.
I. Sargent of Bargents station. Less than
six months ago he was married to Miss
Belden La<M, one of the most attractive
young ladjes of the valley. For some time
he has b*en sick, and for the benefited
his healtk decided to go to Pomona. Up
to thj-ee weeks ago he was improving, but
typhoid fever and quick consumption
proved ;oo much for his delicate constitu
tion and he was brought home last even
ing to die. He lived until morning.
Sarjent was president of the Tribune
Cyclers of Gilrov and an active member of
the Oilroy Fire Department, being one of
the team that ran in the firemen's tourna
meit here last September.
XAPA. COVMI'S LOSS.
Eac- Revenue Collector W. C. H. Smith
JPaaaea Away at Xight.
NAPA, Cal., April 7.— W. C. S. Smith,
pioneer of Napa County, died of heart
disease last night at his home here. He
was at his business office yesterday as
usual and retired at the usual time.
When called this morning he was found
to be dead. He was born in Ohio in 1823,
came to California in 1849 and to Napa
tnree years later. President Lincoln ap
pointed him Collector of Internal Revenue
for the Fifth California District, and
Smith's commission was Lincoln's last
public document. It was signed on the
day of his assassination.
STOCKTOy JHASS-MEETIXG.
Citizens Will Labor to Secure the Wil-
inerding School.
STOCKTON, Cal., April 7.— The Board
of Supervisors this afternoon passed reso
lutions asking the board of regents of the
State University to select this city as the
site lor the Wilraerding School. The
resolutions called upon other boards of
Supervisors to pass similar resolutions, in
order to show to the regents that the peo
ple in the country and outside of San
Francisco preferred to send their boys to
such a school here than to San Francisco.
Mayor Baggs to-day issued a call for a
mass-meeting, to be held in the Agri
cultural Pavilion next Monday, to further
discuss means of getting the school for
this city. __________^
PACIFIC COAST FRUIT
Views of an Eastern Buyer Now
Visiting Butte County
Orchards.
He SaysCalifornians Are Not Careful
Enough in Preparing for
Shipment.
CHICO, Cal., April 7.— C. N. Holden of
42 River street, Chicasro, is in Chico. Mr.
Holden is one of the heaviest fruit-buyers
of that city. The Chico cannery has been
shipping to Mr. Holden for several years.
He is now in California to ascertain the
condition of the fruit crop. In an inter
view with a Call correspondent to-day he
said:
"A visit to the great orchards of North
ern and Central California naturally raises
the question, 'What will be the result of
these enormous crop?, and what can he
done to remedy, at least to a certain ex
tent, the present ruinously low prices?'
After some years of personal work in sell
ing to the larger trade of the East, I feel
safe in saying that much greater care and
skill must be expended upon canned and
dried fruit before the crops of each year
will be fully consumed.
"It is a fact that to-day really line canned
fruit is unobtainable at first hands, while
poorer goods are a drug. Greater care
means a smaller product, greatly increased
consumption and consequently hieher
prices. Those canners who have devoted
their attention to the production of tine
goods are prosperous as a rule, while the
failures in every instance of which I am
aware have been those who made quantity
the object and not quality. This is equally
true of dried fruit.
"California has nothing to fear from the
East on fine peaches, so far as my experi
ence goes, ironi the best authorities in
this section the peaches are certainly
badly damaged, the apricots ruined, while
the almond and cherry trees are bare. It
is conceded that the Moorpark apricots in
Santa Clara County are exceedingly light —
not, however, owinc to the frost. Reports
from Hay wards indicate a fair supply. In
the East the markets do not advance, but
rather decline, owing, perhaps, to the fact
that shipping peaches are evidently in fair
supply, and this is taken to indicate an
abundance of other varieties.
"But there certainly will be a surprise in
store for those canners who are now mak
ing prices in the East which must be
purely speculative."
SEBASTOI'OL JJV THE X,EAT>.
A Snake Story That Vittancea All Efforts
of the Pa*t.
CHICO, Cal.. April 7.— J. B. Loser,
George Calder, Asa Sullivan and Joseph
Rafael, of Sebastopol, went fishing a day
or two ago, and while on the banks of a
creek in Sonoma County witnessed one of
thoee curious exhibitions of intelligence
in lower animals which astonish the hu
man spectator. The gentlemen are pre
pared to submit to the insinuations of
their acanaintances in regard to Biiakes,
bottles and fishing paraphernalia in gen
eral, and declare this story is founded on
fact.
A large snake had seized a well-devel
oped green frog by one hind leg and was
attempting to swallow it. The snake was
on a sloping bank, head downward, and
the task before it, while pleasurable, was
difficult. There was no stump or root to
hold by, and the frog was active and not
inclined to accept passively the exchange
of this green earth and sunshine for dark
ness and repose in the snake's interior.
The snake, finding that it could not swal
low the frog by the one hind leg. finally
managea to get both hind legs into his
mouth; but during all this time it was
evidently in need of a "purchase" or hold
upon which it could coil its tall and then
devote it* entire attention to the task of
swallowing the captive.
At this juncture another snake appeared,
and crawling down the bank lay in a sort
of half coil across the back of the first
snake, which thereupon took a twist
around its friend's body, and having thus
avoided the danger of sliding down the
bank and losing the frog, proceeded to
complete the job and the frog soon disap
peared down the snake's throat. The snake
was then killed by one of the fishermen
and the frog was liberated. It was unin
jured and hopped gleefully away.
Spring Valley Mine Litigation.
CHICO, Cal., April 7.— The Spring Val
ley Gold Mining Company, defendant in
the suit brought by William Alvord et al.,
has tiled notice that it will in a short time
move for a new trial. The bond of J. B.
Wjiitcomb, who was appointed the re
ceiver to sell the mortgaged property of
the Spring Valley Gold Mining Company,
has been approved and riled.
Marine lirill at Santa Barbara.
SANTA BARBARA, Cal., April 7. —
The Philadelphia marines had a full-dress
drill on the boulevard to-day, clad in their
icecream uniforms. A large crowd wit
nessed their maneuvers to the music of
the Philadelphia's excellent marine band.
This drill, it is promised, will be repeated
every day of the flagship's anchorage in
the harbor. Admiral and Mrs. Beardslee
are quartered at the Arlington.
Crusade Againmt Spokane Gambler*.
SPOKANE, Wash., April 7.— The Min
isterial Association, backed by 1000 citi
zens, at a meeting yesterday decided to
begin a determined crusade against the
garobling-hoases of Spokane, in an effort
to olose them,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, APRIL 8, 1896.
SOLID FOR THE
WHITE METAL
Republicans of Utah Favor
the Free Coinage of
Silver.
RALLY OF THE LEADERS
Six Delegates Elected to the
National Convention at
St. Louis.
ARE AGAINST MR. M'KINLET.
______ _ _
The Impression Prevails That the Vote
of the State Will Go to
Allison.
SALT LAKE, Utah, April 7.— The Re
publican State Convention to elect six
delegates to the National Convention was
held here to-day. There were 520 dele
gates in attendance, and they disposed of
the preliminary business in a rush.
The platform adopted declares for the
free coinage of silver at 16 to 1, for protec
tion and reciprocity, closing with this
clause:
"We ask our delegates to St. Louis to do
their utmost to secure in the National Re
publican platform a full acknowledgment
of the imperative need of a return to real bi
metallism and a promise of its swift adop
tion, without regard to other nations, by
opening our mints to the free coinage of
gold and silver at a ratio of 16 to 1."
The work of electing delegates was then
proceeded with.
It was practically agreed by all factions
before the convention was held that Sen
ator Cannon should be elected, and nearly
the entire vote went to him. Interest re
ally centered in the candidacy of Colonel
Isaac Trumbo, who came so near being
elected United States Senator a short time
ago. The old clique worked desperately
against him. but he was chosen, receiving
the highest vote given any delegate out
side of Cannon.
The House went wild with enthusiasm
over Trumbo's triumph and he was loudly
cheered. The other delegates chosen were
United States Senator Brown, Congress
man Allen, Thomas Kearns and W. S.
McCormicfc. The delegates were not in
structed, but they are solid for silver and
against McKinley.
The impression prevails that the vote
will go to Allison.
WAGE WAR OX JUeKIXLET.
A. P. A. Leader* Snubbed by the Ohio
Statesman. .
ST. LOUIS, Mo., April 7.— The A. P. A.
has declared war on McKinley, and
through the chairman of the Nutional Ad
visory Board, Judge H. D. Stevens, who
established headquarters here to-day, de
clared that nothing will be left undone to
unmake the ma.n from Ohio. This was
brought out to-day by the launching of a
boom for the Presidency of Congressman
William S. Linton of Michigan, who has
been the mouthpiece and champion of the
organization in the House of Representa
tives.
It came about by a snub administered to
the National Board while it was in session
at Washington last week. The board sent
a letter to the managers of McKinley, Reed,
Morton and Allison, inviting them to ap
pear before the board and state their atti
tudes toward the organization, as it in
tended to take a hand in the National
light. All of the managers but Hanna
obeyed the summons and had long con
ferences with the members of the board.
Hanna came not. A second letter was
sent him and it brought a reply that Mc-
Kinley would recognize no faction in the
Republican party and would make no
pledges nor promises to any secret organi
zation. This settled his chances with the
organization. It was decided at once to
fight the Ohio candidate and a resolution
to that effect was passed. Then the mana
gers of the other candidates were notified
of this action and that at the proper time
the organization would act.
It became necessary to carry on the fight
to secure a candidate to throw the A. P. A.
votes to. Ostensibly Linton was selected
as the man. He was willing to take the
place. When Chairman Stevens arrived
in St. Louis Monday he set up National
headquarters and at once launched Lin
ton's boom, and hundreds of Linton but
tons are already beinc worn. In an inter
view to-night he announces that the or
ganization will defeat McKinley for the
nomination, and if nominated it would
light him at the polls. He says of the 400
delegates already chosen to the National
convention there are ninety members of
she A. P. A., and that the organization
will secure sixty more, and with the 150
votes they will be able to defeat McKinley
and nominate a man to their own liking.
CAM NOT II VI. » OFFICE.
Women Do Xot Mold an Election I'ran
ehite in Virginia.
NEW YORK, N. V., April 7.— A Journal .
special from Richmond, Va., says: No
woman can hold public office in Vireinia,
it matters not how unimportant the posi
tion may be. Superintendent of Public
Institutions J. E. Massey has just decided,
in the case of Mrs. Fanny Baggey, re
cently appointed as school trustee of West
Point, that she cannot hold the office. The
opinion is based upon articles of the con
stitution which provide that any person
shall be eligible to any State, municipal or
county office who is entitled to vote. As
there is no woman suffrage in Virginia
Superintendent Massey points out that no
member of that sex is eligible to a place of
school trustee, and consequently to any
other public office.
HARRISON OR A.LLIBOX.
Colonel Sword* Baym McKinley Can't Be
dominated.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., April 7.— Colonel H. L.
Swords, sergeant-at-arms of the Republi
can National convention, is sanguine of
McKinley's defeat at the convention, but
is not so sure of Mr. Allison's nomina
tion.
"The real fight will be between Allison
and Harrison, I think," he said. "McKin
ley will go into the convention with about
125 less than a majority, and he'll be
strongest at the start. He's a popular idol,
but popular idols seldom win. At the
Republican convention twenty years ago I
felt certain that Blame, a popular idol,
would be the nominee. lie was stronger
apparently just before the convention than
McKinley is now.
"The winner this time will be either
Harrison or Allison. Harrison made an
alliance yesterday that will naturally
strengthen his chances. He has a young,
energetic, ambitious wife, and influence of
that kind is not to be underestimated in
such a contest. Indiana will be solid for
him and be will enter the convention with
votes from a number of other States.
"Allison will start out with 100 votes.
He will get lowa's twenty -two. The rest
will come from California, the Territories,
Texas, Alabama and Georgia, South Caro
lina and a few other States. He will get
at least one New York vote. The delegate
has already been elected and has
announced his intention of supporting
Allison at the convention."
CRISP AXD UOKE SMITH.
They He new Their Joint Debate on It-
nancial Issue*.
NEWMAN, Ga., April 7.— The joint de
bate to-day between ex-Speaker Crisp and
Secretary Hoke Smith was very much in
line of the meeting at Augusta. The
crowd was large and estimated to be 10 to
1 for silver. Secretary Smith made a
vigorous speech and awakened consider
able enthusiasm toward the last.
Crisp, defending his acts as Speaker of
the House, said he had cast a deciding vote
and saved a silver bill from being tabled
while he was in the chair. He stated that
in appointing the Committee on Coinage,
Weights and Measures in 1893 he selected
a majority of free-coinage men. After
ward one of those who had spoken for and
voted for free silver and was supposed to
be strong in the faith changed his views
for some reason.
"But it is popular in some localities to
change their views on the financial ques
tion," he said. "A man may declare for
one thing in 1890, another in 1894, and in
1896 go directly contrary. Where he will
be in 1898 the Lord only knows."
Smith explained his 1894 speech from
which Crisp had quoted him assaying:
"The single gold standard will contract
the currency, check industry and turn
honest men out of employment."
"If the gentleman had read you that
speech," he said, "you would have seen
that I spoke of the single gold standard
in the common application of the word in
tne way you understand it, when only
gold is used as money."
AMAI.GAIUJ.TiyG SILVER FORCES.
Senator Tillman Preparing for the Com
ing Campaign-
NEW YORK, N. V., April 7.— A Journal
special from Columbia, 8. C, says: Sena
tor Tillman was in the city yesterday
working for an amalgamation of the silver
forces in the coming election. He believes
the silver advocates in both the Republi
can and Democratic parties will vote for
the candidate on the silver platform. His
object is to see that the South Carolina
Democratic convention leaves him free to
bolt in the National convention if elected
as a delegate. He believes that the Chicago
convention will have a majority of dele
gates favoring a silver platform, and he is
afraid that the gold minority, if it remains
in the convention, will temper the action
of the body sufficiently to get up a weak
candidate on the silver issue. He con
tends that if the Democrats nominate a
"positive" man on a free silver platform
the silver and Populist convention at St.
Louis would indorse him. The chances
are ten to one, he declares, in favor of the
nomination of McKinley, and about the
only way of defeating him is by a consoli
dation of the silver forces.
DEMOCRATS OF MISSOURI.
At All Their Conventions free Silver la
Favored.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., April 7. — Fifty-two
Democratic county conventions have been
held in Missouri up to this morning and
in every one of them resolutions were
passed favoring the free coinage of silver.
Forty-one of these instructed their dele
gates to the Sedalia convention to vote
only for delegates at large who were
pledged to free silver, and the majority
favored Governor Stone, Senators Vest
and Cockrell and ex-Congressman Bland
as delegates to the Chicago convention.
In all the primaries held for county con
ventions yet to come the sentiment for
free silver is equally pronounced.
SENATOR AZtZtleX DECLINES.
Will yot Be a Candidate for the Presi
dential domination.
LINCOLN, Nebr., April 7.— Governor
Holcomb to-day gave to the press a letter
of recent date from Senator W. V. Allen,
in which that gentleman declares he is not
a candidate for the Populist nomination
for the Presidency. The Senator says he
greatly appreciates the mention of his
name in that connection, but believes
other leaders in the Populist ranks more
deserving of the nomination than him
self, for whose success he would prefer to
work as a private. Personal and family
considerations also, he declares, compel
him to decline.
Leading Populists of this city do not deny
the keen disappointment felt over the
Senator's action.
ON STANFORD'S COURT.
Freeman Defeats Picher in the Tennis
Match and Will Meet the Berkeley
Champion.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Cat,.. April
7.— On Saturday next the first match of
the intercollegiate tournament is to take
place on the California courts, Han Fran
cisco. Stanford's representatives were de
cided upon ?ome time ago, but until this
morning it was not known which of the
best two men was champion. The ques
tion was settled when Freeman '99 de
feated Picb.er '98 by a score of 6—4, 6—o,
6 — o. The contest was a hot one, but
freeman played in fine form and won
easily. His placing, his net work and his
coolness make him a dangerous antago
nist.
These two men are both from Pasadena,
Cal., and have played in a double team for
several seasons. Last summer they won
the championship doubie of Southern Cal
ifornia and Freeman was second best man
in the singles. They will represent Stan
ford against Berkeley in both singles and
doubles and are expected to make exciting
work for Magee and Gage, their opponents.
Last year JHazzard, Stanford, was defeated
by Magee, while Gage of Berkeley was
beaten by Picher of Stanford.
The "co-eds" are interesting themselves
in tennis and have arranged for a contin
uous tournament. Tht» list of entries is
small at present, but it is expected that at
least a score of fair players will enter dur
ing the week.
The class of '08 met to-day and nomi
nated its annual classbook officers. For
editor-in-chief J. S. Orkison and F. V.
Keating were put up; for business man
ager, W. S. Harrington and C. E. Haas.
For associates a dozen or more names
were mentioned. The election will come
off in one week.
Sent to Sacramento* Jail.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., April 7.— W. C.
Hardie who enticed Aggie Casey from her
home at Suisun, was this morning con
victed of vagrancy and given a sentence of
six months in the county jail. The girl
was persuaded to return to her parents,
who are respectable, well-to-do people.
BELLICOSE SAN
JOSE POLITICIANS
Campaign Animosities End
in a Pugilistic
Affray.
REA AGAINST DITTUS.
The Alderman Attacks the Ex-
Railroad Commissioner
and Is Worsted.
DAMAGED IN THE SCIRMMAGE.
Charges of Corporation Support Cause
the Men to Come to
Blows.
SAX JOSE, Cal., April 7.— Ex-Railroad
Commissioner James W. Rea and Council
man George B. Dittus had a personal en
counter here this evening in which sev
eral blows were struck, Dittus getting
slightly damaged in the scrimmage. The
attack was made by Dittus and Rea struck
in self-defense.
The trouble is an incident of the politi
cal campaign. Dittus, who is an inde
pendent candidate for re-election, says
that Rea told P. P. Montgomery, his po
litical antagonist for Councilmanic hon
ors, that he (Dittus) received $1000 for
voting for an electric lighting contract
several years ago. Rea denied telling
Afontgomery any such story, but ac
knowledged having said that members of
the Electric Improvement Company had
twice put up money to aid Dittus when he
was running for office.
Dittus grew excited when they met to
night and struck out. After clinching,
Dittus went down underneath. He then
concluded he had enough, cried quits and
the trouble was over. Later he and Rea
were toeether, apparently on good terms.
SHIPMENTS TO THE EAST.
The Output of Dried Prunes l.nrgrr
Than in Previous Year*.
SAN JOSE, Cal., April 7.— The overland
shipments of green, canned and dried
fruits from this city from July 1, 1895, to
March 31, 1896, amount to 74,745,430
pounds, of which 16,990,910 pounds were
green fruits, 13,834,930 canned fruits and
43,745,590 dried fruits. The shipments of
canned and green fruits fall short of those
of 1893 and 1894, while those of dried
prunes are in excess of any previous year
and there is sufficient prunes remaining
on hand to swell the amount to 42,000,000
pounds.
The dried fruit shipments were: Prunes,
38,797,550 pounds; peaches. 2,211,880; apri
cots, 2,281,855; pears, 200,600; plums, 125,
--875; other dried fruits, 127,730.
Wine and seen shipments are steadily
on the increase and the prospects are good
for heavier shipments during the season of
1896. Wine shipment? during the past sea
son were 7,125,365 pounds, and tne seed
shipments amounted to 710,995 pounds.
JOIN THE VOLUNTEERS.
Han Jote Salvationiata Stand by Balling
ton Booth.
SAN JOSE. Cal., April 7.— Thirty mem
bers of the local Salvation Army corps, in
cluding eleven officers, handed in their
resignations to Captain Thompson to-day.
The reason for their action, as given by
the &eceders, is that after the treatment
accorded Ballirgton Booth, they cannot
conscientiously act with the present or
ganization. It is intended to form a
branch of God's American Volunteers, and
word has been sent to Ballington Booth
that thirty earnest soldiers await his order.
The new movement in this city is tem
porarily in charge of A. F. Reef, B. T.
Bailey and A. W. Kennedy, all ex-ser
geants of the Salvation Army. The action
taken meets the approval of the friends of
the army in this city.
BOY BURGLARS ARRESTED.
liettcted While Breaking Into a ->>»<•»
--boy's Cheat.
SAN JOSE, Cal., April 7. —John Ma
loney, aged 15 years, and John Baros, alias
"Popcorn," aged 12, have been charged
with burglary. The boys were caught in
the act of breaking open a chest belonging
to a newsboy, in a baggage-car at the
Southern Paciuc depot Sunday night. Their
examination has been set for April 9. Ma
loney was remanded to jail in default of
$1000, and "Popcorn" Baros was allowed
to ko on his own recognizance. The boys
will probably be sent to the Whittier Re
form School.
"OLD OLOR1" MISVSED.
Merehanta Arouse the Anger of Sational
iJuardatucn.
SAN JOSE, Cai... April 7.— The mem
bers of Company B, N. G. C, of this city
object to the manner in which the Amer
ican Hog is being used by merchants of
this city to decorate show windows. The
matter was the subject of much discussion
at the meeting of Company B last night
and a committee was appointed to confer
with a committee from the Q. A. R. and
draft resolutions condemning the use to
wuich the Hag is put in show windows.
Chnneit am the Official Paper.
SAN JOSE, Cai.., April 7.-The Daily
Mercury has been chosen the official paper
of Santa Clara County by the Board of
Supervisors for the year commencing
May 6.
Ehrhorn Itc- Elected.
SAN JOSE, Cal., April 7.— The Board of
Supervisors to-day re-elected E. M. Ehr
horn of Mountain View Horticultural
Commissioner for the ensuing year.
PMENIX ENCAMPMENT.
Annual Reunion of the Arizona Grand Army
Men — General Sampson Elected
Commander.
PHOENIX, Ariz., April 7.— The annual
encampment of the Grand Army of the
Republic of Arizona convened in this city
today with delegates present from the
posts in Flagstaff, Williams, Prescott,
Phoenix, Tucson, Tombstone, Tempe and
Yams. The following officers were elected
for the ensuing year: Department com
mander, General A. J. Sampson of Phoe
nix; senior vice-commander, J. L. Burrows
of Williams; junior vice-commander, W.
F. Bradley of Tombstone; chaplain. Rev.
C. P. Wilson of Tucson; medical director
and delegate to National encampment, Dr.
J. M. Evans of Phoenix; alternate dele
gates, Colonel William Christie of Phoenix ;
council of administration, George Hox
worth of Flagstaff, Jamas Finley of
Tucson, A. L. Grow of Tombstone, J. W.
Dorrington of Yuma and S. G. Reese of
Prescott.
The next encampment will be held in
Prescott in the summer, of 1887. There
are ten posts in Arizona with a member
ship of about 300. To-night the visitors
attended a war song concert in the opera
house given by the Methodist church. To
morrow they will be driven over the valley
by the local members to the orange groves,
the Arizona Canal Falls, the ostricn farm
and other points of interest.
MAYOR ROSSO S lir.Sl<}>S.
Believed to Save the Mnricopa County
Shrievalty in View.
PHCENIX, Ariz., April 7.— At a meet
ing of the City Council last night Mayor
K. L. Kosson tendered his resignation,
which was accepted. His successor will
be elected at a special meeting, to be held
on June 2, to vote on the issuing of city
bonds to take up a former issue that ma
tures this year. While Mayor Itosson
does not give a reason for his resignation
it is understood that he has not worked in
harmony with the City Council and has
opposed several measures adopted by that
body. It is hinted that he has political
aspirations for the fall campaign and will
seek the Democratic nomination for
Sheriff of Alaricopa County and does not
wish to take sides on some important
measures now pending before the council.
Rio Ynrde Canal Bonds Sold.
PHCENIX, Ariz., April 7.— A. C. Shel
don, president of the Rio Verde Canal
Company, lelt last night for Minneapolis
with bonds of the company amounting to
$2,400,000, which had been executed by the
otficers oi the company here. These bonds
have been disposed of to European capi
talists, and will be taken across the ocean
by messengers of the company. With the
money realized from the sale of the bonds
the canal, dams and reservoirs now being
constructed by the Rio Verde Canal Com
pany will be completed. A large area of
land north of Phoenix will be irrigated.
Killed by an Orange Seed.
PHCENIX, Ariz., April 7.— The eating
of an orange caused the death of William
H. Thomas here to-day. He was regaling
himself upon the fruit on Washington
street, when suddenly he began to choke,
and expired before medical aid could be
summoned. It is believed one of the seeds
was drawn into his lungs. Thon as was
for many years a prominent mining opera
tor in Central Arizona. He is survived by
a widow and several children.
VISALIA OUTLAWS' PLOT
Obie Britt Files an Affidavit
Accusing Lovren and
Ardell.
Swears That They Supplied the
Weapons Which McCall Carried
to His Death.
VISALIA, Cal., April 7.— The legal
struggle that bids fair to end in the con
viction of two accomplices of Dan McCall,
the outlaw killed while attemDting to hold
up a Southern Pacific train at Tagus sev
eral weeks ago, will begin on Thursday,
when the preliminary examinations of Si
Lovren and Charles Ardell will taice place.
The information upon which the men
were arrested was sworn to before Justice
of the Peace Holder on the 20th of March,
but was not riled until to-day. The affi
davit of Obie Britt contains the following:
"There vere a series of conversations be
tween myself and Dan McCall, and my
self and John Haynes, wnich culminated
in a plot to commit that robbery. It was
briefly as follows: Dan McCall told me
that he was to get guns, which he told me
were to be furnished by Charles Ardell
and Si Lovren, oi Yisalia, who were to be
interested with us in the way of furnish
ing the guns, and that Billy Ross was to
purchase the ammunition which was to be
used for the guns. John Haynes, in
furtherance of said plan, furnished and
delivered to said Dan McCall certain
sticks of giant powder on the lhth of
March, 189t>, with which to blow open the
safe when such robbery should be com
mitted. Dan McCall did bring to our
cabin two revolvers, one shotgun and a
rifle, which he told me came from Charles
Ardell and Si Lovren, and which were
furnished to him for the purpose of com
mitting the robDery.
"Our intention was first to rob the
northbound train, but at McCall s sugges
tion we concluded to rob the south
bound train. McCall and myself left our
cabin and walked to Goshen. There
McCall boarded the southbound train, in
Eursuance of this plot, and I assumed to
oard it, but really did not. I acted in
t!ie matter in pursuance of instructions
from Sheriff Merritt, communicating to
him the arrangements that were made
from time to time."
NEW TO-DAY.
m I \ w^ dimmer
V Shades
Hie away from the bustle of the city to
the quiet and repose of the country, but go
prepared to enjoy yourself. Give us your
measure for a Summer Suit, made to order
from your choice of our immense line of Cas-
simeres, Cheviots and Scotch Tweeds in in-
visible plaids, fancy checks and soft colors.
The best there is; best cloth, best tailors,
best of trimmings. We guarantee fit, work-
manship and finish to equal any, and to give
complete satisfaction.
COLUMBIAN WOOLEN MILLS
MARKET 541 STREET.
RFWARF of unscrupulous firms Imitating: our name and methods,
■-»*— "" fyFyjr'.' Our only Branch , In S. F. Is at 211 Montgomery street.
HE SLEEPS IN A
PORTLAND GRAVE.
The Fortune Left to Frank
Dolan Comes Too
Late.
KILLED BY MORPHINE.
Fifty Thousand Dollars Left to
a "Fiend" Who Died
Two Years Ago.
HIS DEATH WAS ACCIDENTAL.
Had Resolved to Forsake the Drug,
but an Overdose Cut Short
His Existence.
PORTLAND. Or., April 7.— Late one
afternoon during the June flood of 1394
there died at the Delavan House, in the
North End, a morphine "fiend" known to
his associates as Frank Dolan. His death
resulted from an overdose of the drug.
Dolan was not a bad fellow, not having yet
reached the lowest stratum of the mor
phine brigade, and the presumption at the
time was that he had taken the overdose
accidentally. In fact, an hour or two be
fore he was discovered in an unconscious
condition, he was conversing with a young
woman in the house, expressing a deter
mination to break away from the morphine
habit. The Delavan House was then in
habited by the lowest llreg.-i of humanity,
but on that occasion the better side of their
nature asserted itself, and they ministered
to Dolan in a peculiarly solicitous and
tender manner. But after lingering a
couple of hours, he died.
There is a sequel to this tragedy reading
more like a romance than fact. William
Vanden burgh, a hop and wool buyer for a
San Francisco house, and Dolan had been
schoolmates in Boston. He was an inti
mate friend of the Dolan family, whose
true name was Rightmire, and it was h«
who inspired the young man to make an
effort to emancipate himself for the mor
phine habit. About a month ago Mr.
Vandenburgh received a letter from Do
lan's sister in Boston, making inquiries
respecting her brother, from whom she
had not heard for three years. Vanden
burgh nays that previously he had not in
formed Dolan's family of the young man's
death, but in response to his sister's letter
he advised her of the fact, omitting, how
ever, to state the circumstances under
which he died.
Mr. Vandenburgh received another let
ter from the sister on Sunday, in which
she deplores the death of her brother and
states that three months ago $50,000 had
been bequeathed to Dolan by an uncle,
who died in Lynn, Mas-. Mr. Vanden
burgh says that he has been commissioned
to ai ranee for the transportation of Do
lan's remains to Boston.
Colvitle *' Soonert" Win.
SPOKANE, Wash., April 7.— "Sooners,"
who located mineral claims on the north
ern half of the Colville Indian Reserva
tion previous to the act of Congress of
February 20, 1896, which declared that
portion of the reserve open to mineral
locations, scored a victory to-day in a
decision given in a test case by Judge
Hanford in the United States court. It
was held that locations made before that
date would hold, as against locations made
after the act of February 20. The decision
will affect hundreds of ruining claims.
Death of a Miser*
HELENA, Mont., April 7.— Edward Jor
dan, a raiser, died to-<lay at the Sisters'
Hospital from continued exposure. He
leaves $100,000 worth of property. For
years he has refused to spend enough for
the proper nourishment of his body. His
only relative is a cousin, president of the
Garfield National Bank of Brooklyn.
34
RIVAL MEETINGS
AT LOS ANGELES
Huntington's Offset to the
Gathering of Pro-San
Pedroites.
HIS AGENTS ARE ACTIVE
Attempting to Inflate a Boom
for a Deep Harbor at
Santa Monica.
ASSEMBLING RAILROAD FORCES
Resolutions to Be Forwarded to
Washington From Southern
California Cities.
LOS ANGELES, Cat.., April 7. - The
hartior question remains uppermost in the
public mind hereabouts. If Congress were
to mtike nn appropriation proportionate
to the amount of energy expended by the
irionds of San Pedro and Santa Monica
respectively, f10.000.0C0 would be voted for
the construction of a deep-sea harbor at
either port. ".'Shall Uncle Sam's unbiased
engineers or Coilis P. Huntington decide
where the harbor shall be built?' is the
absorbing question.
The light a not confined to this city, but
has spread to the rural districts. A mass
meeting of the inhabitants of theCahuenga
Valley, lying between Lcs Angeles and
Santa Monica, was held Mjnday evening.
Ex-United States Senator Cole presided,
and resolutions favoring Santa Monica for
the harbor site were passed. Southern
Pacific agents have caused similar meet
ings to beheld at Pomona, Riverside, San
Bernardino and other points. At the
same hour to-morrow evenine that the
jree harborites, whose war cry is "San Pe
dro or nothing,' hold a mass-meeting on
the Courthouse steps the two harborites,
who want appropriations for both places,
will meet at Illinois Hall. Each faction
is striving to secure the larger attendance.
Fiery speeches will be delivered and stir
ring re-olutions passed.
L. AY. Blinn, the lumber king, who is
one of the heaviest shippers through the
port of San Pedro, resigned the presidency
of the Free Harbor League to-day because
the address issued by the league yesterday
calling a mass-meeting contained state
ments not in harmony with his views. He
retains his membership in the league,
however, and favors San Pedro for the
deep harbor site.
"yen" iroMK.\ to meet.
JffWl Suffrage Enthusiasts it ill Gather
tv Convention.
LOS ANGELES, Cal.. April B.— The first
maps-meeting of the constitutional amend
ment workers under the direction of the
State campaign committee will be held in
Los Angeles on Wednesday and Thursday.
There will be two meetings daily, one in !
the afternoon and one at night. Mrs. Man-
G. Hay, the State campaign manager, will i
make the opening address at 2:30 o'clock I
"Wednesday afternoon. She will be fol- |
lowed by Mrs. Maynard of this city on the
subject. "Enfranchisement and Charac- !
ter." The chief address of the evening
Will be by Miss Elizabeth Yates. Mi?s
Yates is said to be one of the most bril- '
Hant speakers in America. She possesses
that sense of humor which is a universally I
welcome characterL-tice of the "new 1 "'
woman.
On Thursday afternoon Dr. Kate C.
Moody, Rev. Eiiza Tupper Wilkes oi Oak
bind and Mr?. Caroline tl. Severance are
to speak. In the evening Rev. Anna Shaw
will give an address.
rBES.\O JCUJTOR SIEV.
Evangelist Johnson Demands $.',0,000
for Being Denounced.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., April 7.— The Rev.
I. T. Johnson, who has been having such a
rough experience in Fresno recently on ac
count of alleged sweeping public utter
ances reflecting upon the chastity of the
young women of Fresno, this morning
liled a $25,000 suit in the United States Cir
cuit Court against the proprietors of the
Daily Evening Expositor of Fresno.
He alleges as the basis for his suit publi
cations in the Expositor of March 20 and
March 27, in which he was raked over the
coals in vigorous English, claiming that
these details were malicious, false and de
famatory; that they injured his good name
as a minister of the gospel and as a man,
he having h=er. a regularly ordained
Methodist Episcopal minister for ten years
past in -nod standing:.
Mr. Johnson also brings a similar
shit lor $23,000 against the Fresno Repub
lican Publishing Company for similar red
hot shot fired at him for his utterances.
Manamlian Mail- llobber*.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., April 7.-United
States Marshal Covarrubias to-day arested
two Chinamen for conspiracy to rob the
mail]. One of the Mongols took a mail
sack lock to a locksmith to hare a key
fitted to it. The smith reported the maf
ter to the Marshal, who investigated and
became convinced that the Chinamen
wanted the key to unlock mailbags and
steal the content*.
WOODLAND ARSON CASE
Witnesses Testify as to the Lax
Methods of Collum &
Shepherd.
District Attorney Hopkins Endeavcrs
to Prove That They Resorted
to Fraud.
WOODLAND, Cau, April 7.— The pre
liminary c- animation of Charles A. Shep
herd and P. G. Collum, charged with hav
ing caused the fire that destroyed the
Woodhi.i Woolen-mills, of which they
were the ,'essees, was resumed before Jus
tice K. T Lam pton to-day. Owing to Su
perior Court engagements which de
manded the attention of the attorneys in
the cast; a continuation to April 14 was
taken after a sitting lasting an hour.
Miss Nora Andrews, wno was on the
stan.i Jast Friday when the hearing was
ennt:-iued, resumed her testimony to-day.
She declared that in the examination
mad a by Attorney Coocran, representing
the insurance companies. Collum testified
that the bank account of the linn was kept
-ii the name of C. A. Shepherd. The at
torneys for the defendant said that in
order to expedite bu&iness ana cave time
they would produce the book presented to
t the insurance companies, showing the
| transactions of the firm with the bank,
\ ;>nd allow it to be introduced as cvi
! dence. That line of examination was
tnen dropped, and the witness paid
Collum's replies were voluntary and
I freely made. He stated that he had con
, tributed $2500 to the firm in August,
1895, not all at one time. He could not
remember how much he contributed at
i one time. He had made other contribu
j tions; in fact, had continued them up to
i the date of the fire, but be could not re
member any particular date or amount.
j When a=ked if all his contributions had
■ been maue in coin he replied:
"Yes; all in *.ood American dollars."
To a qu«stion as to where he k*pt his
money before he went into business he re
plied :
"In my pocket. I have a neat little slug
in my pocket now. I do not believe in
! banks."
Upon further examination Collum had
j said he did not wish to be understood as
i carrying around $2500 in his pocket «ll the
time. Part of it was in his pocket, part in
the bouse, part in the safe and, no doubt,
j part of it found its way into the bank.
District Attorney Hopkins wanted to
show that Collum had stated that ho bor
rowed the money from his brother, but
pave no note or other evidence of bis in
debtedness. Attorney Clarlr objected.
Hopkins said his purpose was to Bhow that
their methods were not consistent with
those of men conducting an honest busi
ness. Clark insistea on his objection, and
was proceeding to remark that District
Attorneys generally have their own way
i in a justice court, but was stopped by the
court, and warned to confine his argu
ment to the point at issue. Ihe court
finally concluded to admit the question
for what it was worth.
The witness replied that Collum said he
he had never seen any entries in the books
showing that he had put $2500 into the
business. He t nought the inventory was
correct, with the exception of a few minor
items of no importance.
Clark moved that the testimony of Miss
Andrews be stricken out on the ground
that it failed to prove or tend to prove any
facts in the case. District Attorney Hop*
kins agreed that it might be stricken out
if he failed to establish its relevancy, and
with that understanding it was permitted
to stand.
Miss AllieWatkins was the next witness.
She was the bookkeper for the firm. She
was shown a letter written by herself for
the firm requesting The Hail Lock and
Safe Company to forward a catalogue.
Other letters asking prices, and notifying
the company that one of the linn would
call and examine safe-, were identified by
the witness. Another letter was identified
as being in the handwriting of Shepherd.
It was an order for a safe, and an offer to
pay spot cash. Another in the same writ
ing notified tbe company that the safj ar-
rived too late. These letters were marked
as exhibits and offered in evidence.
SANTA CRUZ STRIFE.
Superior Judge Logan May Order the Con
struction of a Temporary Court
house.
SANTA CRUZ, Cal., April 7.— lt is pos
sible that Judje Logan of the Superior
j Court will direct that a temporary build
ing be erected on the rear portion of tbe
Courthouse lots, to be occupied as a Court
house until the new building shall be
ready. If this is done it will be for the
■ purpose of avoiding legal complications
J that may arise from the occupancy of a
room in the unfinished building, as such
occupancy might imply an acceptance by
the county of the new building. Con
tractor McCabe declines to talk ur>on the
subject of interfering with the entrance by
Judge Logan and his court attaches into
the new buildine.
The provision of the deed from the
Cooper estate by which the county thirty
years ago obtained possession of the lots
which compose a part of the courthouse
site recites that, in case there is no build
ing or that a building is unoccupied for
the period of two years, the land shall re
vert to the grantors. But it is not clear
i that the court must occupy the particular
building that is now being occupied.
District Attorney Carl Lindsav ex
pressed the opinion to-day that, since the
original demand of the gift was complied
I with in the erection and occupancy of the
I first courthouse, the act of providence— the
{ destruction of the building by lire— and
j the present delay would not affect the title
to the properly. But, he said, it was in
tended the county should be on the safe
side and court would be held somewhere
on the premises this week.
Frcano'n Great Electric Plant.
FRESNO, Cal., April 7. — Fresno's great
electric plant, wnich is to be operated by
water power thirty-five miles away, is
now so nearly completed that currents
were last night sent to this city and elec
tric lamps lighted. The date for the formal
opening of the plant is fixed at April 15.
This plant is one of the largest in the
world, ana may be increased to GO,OOO
horsepower if the occasion ever demands.
Coolie* Going to Wntnonville.
HOLLISTER. Cal., April 7. — Eighteen
Japanese passed through Hollister this
evening, on foot, traveling from Fresno to
the beetfields of Watsonville. The fore
man stated that the party was the advance
guard of hundreds who were tired of the
raisin country. The beeth'elds in this val
ley are worked by white labor.
Silver in Seattle Harbor.
SEATTLE, Wash., April 7.— The Puget
Sound and Central American Steamship
Company's steamer Transit arrived in
port this morning from Central America,
having as part oi its cargo $80,000 in silver
bullion, which was trans-shipped at Vic
toria, consigned to Havre, France.
tsanta Clara Election Results.
BAN JOSE, Cat.., April 7.— The town
election at Santa Clara yesterday resulted
in the choice of the following: Marshal,
John Lowell; Clerk, O. A. K. Saunders;
Treasurer, R. B. Roll; Town Trustees— J
B. O'Brien, D. O. Druffel and John Roll;
Bcbool Trustees— S. Oberdeener and
George Worrall.
Zafce County Primaries Called.
LAKEPORT, Cat.., April 7.— The Re
publican County Central Committee to
day issued a call for primaries to elect
de egates to a county convention, which
will be held at Kelseyyille on April 23.
The county committee will elect delegates
to the Sacramento convention.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, APRIL 8, 1896.
CHICO MAIDENS
SEEK A CROWN
Residents of Butte County
Voting for a May
Queen.
DIFFICULT TO CHOOSE.
The Town Has Many Beauties,
and Each Deserves a
Scepter.
LIVELY CONTEST IS EXPECTED.
Three Pretty Misses Whose Friends
Are Contributing to the Ballot-
Boxes.
CHICO, Cal., April 7.— The balloting
for candidates for the Queen of May and
two maids of honor is now in progress.
Ballot-boxe3 are posted at the several con
fectionery stores. So far the vote has been
light, but during the next two or three
weeks it is expected that hundreds of bal
lots will be deposited for the favorite can
didates.
Chico boasts of a goodly number of
typical California beauties and any one of
them would make a beautiful May Queen.
Each has many admirers, and friends of '
the candidates will exert themselves to
win at the ballot-box. The first count
will be made to-morrow.
Three pretty young women are being :
■ strongly suppoit;d in their candidacy fi r
the May crown, and they represent dis
tinct types of comeliness. Miss Clara
: Cussick is a native of Chico and 17 years
of age. She is a brunette, with large
hazel eyes and dark-brqwn hair. The
young lady is the daughter of B. Cussick,
; formerly superintendent of the Sierra
| Lumber Company of Chico. Miss Maud
Abbott is a native of Chico, aged 18 years,
with dark hair and eyes and fair com
plexion. She is a stepdaughter of Mar
shal W. W. "Waite of Chico. Miss Ar
villa Bartlett is the daughter of H. \V.
Bartlett, a member of the Board of City
Trustees. She is 23 years of age and a
blond, with lieht-blue eyes and light
brown hair. Miss Bartlett is a graduate
of the Chico Normal School.
8 AyT A ROSA'S RACE.
.Visa Sara Ball I* Again Passed by Mrs-
X. W. Jinrri*.
SANTA ROSA, Cal.. April 7.— Fonr
more days ana the contest for a queen of
the carnival will be decided. It is believed
that during that time the friends of the
Santa Rosa aspirants for a crown of flow
ers will rally around the box with open
purses. It is pointed out that* last year
the excitement over the election did not
begin until a few days before the box was
closed, and on the last day, at the last
hour, gold pieces clinked merrily j n to the
box with an abandon refreshing to the
financial committee. This is offered as an
explanation by tbe knowing ones for the
coyness of the elusive nickle up to date.
As prophosied early in the fight there are
only two belles In the rnce, and as both of
them are extremely popular and either
would make a queen of whom Santa Rosa
might welt be proud, the degree of feeling
and partisanship necessary to call out
large sums of money is wholly wanting as
yet.
The count to-night' again placed Mrs.
Burris in the lead by an even 100 votes.
Miss Sara Hall received about 75 votes
during the day and Miss Jessica Kloppen
trarg. the favorite from the redwoods,
passed the 400 mark.
W. H. Grissim, a veteran fireman of this
city, has been appointed to wait upon the
Exempt Firemen's Association of San
Francisco and extend to that body a
cordial invitation to attend the carnival.
Company E, N. G. C., and other military
organizations of the State will also be
invited to participate in the parade and
the other festivities as well.
A proposition has been received from
the nortnern end of the county to have a
tilting tournament by knights arrayed in
armor as of old. Sir Galahad, Sir Ivan
hoe and all their courtly trains mounted
on fleet steeds ar«j to ride 100 yards in ten
seconds and during the run attempt to
impale upon their lances the small iron
rings made familiar to all by the merry
go-round. To the brave knight catching
the moat rings it is proposed that a prize
of ?50 be given and that he also kneel be
fore the Queen and be crowned with a
wreath of laurel. The proposition will be
taken under advisement.
The necessary funds for a big fireworks
display on Saturday night have been se
cured and it is proposed to make the last
night of the carnival a merry one. Mask
ers in fancy costumes will take possession
of the city and by pelting each other with
flowers and other harmless missiles create
diversion for the spectators, fun for them
selves and conclude the three days' sport
in a burst of hilarity seldom equaled.
Gilroy Raiting Funds.
GILROY, Cal., April 7. — The City
Council cranted $50 to the Gilroy fund for
the San Jose Carnival of Roses, providing
the citizens would raise an additional $200.
Of this amount $75 has been promised, and
it is expected that with entertainments,
donations and receipts of the queen
contest, the amount can easily be raised.
Mrs. F. C. Staniford and the young ladies
of the Gilroy booth will solicit for the
fund.
Xnspeet Sacramento Carahopt.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., April 7.— The
Vanderbilt-Depew special train left here
for Ogden and the East at 8 o'clock this
morning. The visitors were shown around
the city by the Mayor and taken through
the railroad shops by Superintendent Fill
more. Vanderbilt said in conversation
that the Sacramento shops compared fav
orably with similar establishments East,
and expressed himself well pleased with
his visit to California.
MISSING FROM KERN CITY.
Marshal Hegeman Disappears, and It Is
Claimed a Shortage in His Accounts
Has Been Found.
BAKERBFIELD, Cal., April 7.—Mar
shal Ed Hegeman of Kern City left osten
sibly for San Francisco on March 27 for a
short visit, but has not yet returned, and
now it is suggested he will not come back.
At a meeting of the City Trustees last
night a casual inspection of his accounts
showed, it is alleged, that he was about
$1000 short.
A committee was appointed to advise as
to experting all the city accounts. It was
learned to-day that $300 of the alleged
shortage was on account of poll taxes said
to have been collected by Hegeman from
railroad employes, but the money has not
yet been paid over by the railroad com
pany. In the Marshal's desk was found a
monthly statement showing the amount
that was due from him, and without any
attempt at concealment. It has been sug
gested that he may have had this money
on deposit somewhere, and that some
thing may have happened to prevent his
return. Inquiry at local banks shows that
he had no account at any of them, though
he might have deposited' his money with
gome business house.
Hegeman had many friends who are
loath to believe that he is a defaulter until
proved so beyond a doubt. The San Fran
cisco papers yesterday contained accounts
of the mysterious suicide of a man in San
Diego on Sunday. He gave his name as
U D. Mellon, but would not give his resi
dence. After he killed himself his valise
was searched and a number of letters
from which the names and addresses had
all been cut, -were found. It was believed
that he gave an assumed name. The de-
scription of the suicide tallies with that of
Ht-genian, and the Dipgo authorities
h ive been communicated with. The miss
i g man was a conductor on the Southern
Pacific Railroad until the be strike, when
he went out.
SAXTA BARBARA'S GUEST.
Kainr,,-* Presence Prevents Possible
Corruption at an £tection.
SANTA BARBARA, Cal., April 7.—
The completion of the election count to
day resulted in but one change from the
prohable result announced last evening.
N. D. Smith was re-elected Councilman
from the Second Ward.
A picturesque feature of yesterday's
election was the presence of Bam Rainey
of San Franci-co, who presented himseff
at the Third Ward polling-place and re
mained an attentive spectator of the local
methods of conducting elections, no doubt
with the purpose of checking possible cor
ruption by the influence of his presence.
To-day Mr. Rainey and his wife started for
Hot Springs for a week's stay.
MINERS GREATLY ELATED.
Attorney-General Fitzgerald Say« the
•250,000 Is Available.
Julian Bonntag, secretary of the Califor
nia Miners' Association, was in high
feather yesterday because, in the first in
stance, of the receipt of news of the pas
sage by the House of the river and harbor
bill in which provision is made for the ap
propriation of $2, r )0,000 for the impounding
of mining debris. Again he was pleased
with an opinion be had received in writing
from Attorney-General Fitzgerald con
cerning the appropriation of $250,000 for
the purposes aimed at in the bill.
The opinion is as follows:
Sax Fbancipco, April 6, 1896.
Julian Sonntag, E*q., Secretary California
Miners' Association— Dear Sir: 8o far as the
appropriation feature of the California debris
commission apt of March 24, 1893, is con
cerned. 1 am of the opinion that this feature of
the act admits of but one construction, and
that is that whenever Congress makes an ap
propriation of $250,000 for the purposes spec!
fled in section 4 thereof this appropriation of
$250,000 therein made will be immediately
available for those purposes. Respectfully,
W. F. Fitzgerald, Attorney-General.
"I have telegrams from Tirey L. Ford,
who is in Washington looking out for our
interest, announcing the passage of the
bill in the House. We have every reason
to believe or to hope that it will become a
law."
FIRE WARDENS INTERVENE.
The Southside Necktie Factory to Be
Rendered Safe for Employee.
It would appear that, powerless as the
Fire Wardens may be individually, they
can as a body do more than is generally
supposed. Monday Warden John Wells
visited the tState Bureau of Labor Statis
tics and informed the Commissioners that
the wardens had induced the proprietor
of the south-of-Market-street necktie fac
tory, mentioned in Saturday's Call, to im
prove and enlarge the exits and entrances
to the upper floor. The place was in a
very perilous condition, being devoid of
fire escapes and having one very narrow
wooden staircase for the ingress and egress
of several hundred girls. This stale of
things is beinc; remedied, and soon, thanics
to the intervention of the wardens, the
place will cease to be an abode of peril for
the workwomen there employed.
The Many Capable Ones.
A well-known writer and reader of books
for a publishing firm lately ventured on
the statement that he thought there were
probably 1000 clever young women in our
country who were quite able to turn out
the ordinary and most readable English
novel of the period, bu» as to these books
being "literature" that was a very differ
ent question. A publisher recent/v told
mo that he received so many offers of
volumes of verse and of novels from begin
ners—mostly young girls— that he would
require to keep a special "reader" if they
had al! to be examined with care. It was
only possible to grant at most of them. In
the same connection I may quote a sen
tence which Tennyson once wrote: "I re
ceive a stanza of verse sent to roe for every
five minutes of- my life, but very seldom a
volume of good wholesome prose."—Nine
teenth Century.
In the twenty-nine years during which
Dr. Barnardo has been engaged in his hn
mane labors 22,000 waifs and strays have
been rescued. Of these over 6000 nave
been sent to the colonies.
Quick Relief from Cboup sad Whooping
Cough Is afforded by Dr. D. Jayne'i Expectorant,
the old family »tand-by tor coughs and Colds, Pul
monary and Bronchial affections.
TONGUE WINS THE
ALBANY CONTEST
Nominated for Congress on
the Thirty-Fourth
Ballot.
BITTER FIGHT ENDED.
Hermann's Strength Gradually
Disappears Before the
Opposition.
CHEEBS GREET THE RESULT.
Supporters of the Yamhill Candidate
Are Jubilant Over Their
Victory.
ALBANY, Ob., April B.— F. A. Tongue
was to-night nominated for Congress by
the Republicans of the Second District
after one of the most exciting contests in
the history of Oregon politics. Thirty
four ballots were taken, the last half dozen
after midnight, before tiie contest was de
cided. The final vote was as follows:
Tongue, 83; Hermann, 31; Miller, 5; Ford,
1. Tremendous cheering greeted the result
and despite the lateness of the hour Tongue
was called upon to speak. He responded
in a happy address and for another hour
his supporters were in a juoilant uproar.
The convention met at 3 o'clock yester
day afternoon and was called to order by
Hon. T. H. Tongue, chairman of the cen
tral committee. O. H. Irvine of McMinn
ville, an anti-Hermann man, was elected
chairman by 62 votes, J. H, McClung, a
Hermann supporter of Eugene, receiving
49. E. D. Cusick of Albany was chosen
secretary. In extended and eulogistic
speeches, the names of Tilmon Ford of
Marion, Binder Hermann of Douglas, T.
H. Tongue of Yamhill, H. B. Miller of
Josephine and Warren Truitt of Polk,
were presented to the convention for nomi
nation for Congress.
On the first ballot Hermann received 55
votes. Ford 18, Tongue 28 and Truitt 11.
Hermann's vote gradually dropped to 40,
and then arose to 49. Tongue's highest
vote during the afternoon was 35. Ford's
22, Miller's 19 and Truitt's 13. At 7 :25
o'clock a motion to adjourn to 8 o'clock,
loudly opposed by the Hermann men, car
ried and the convention adjourned. A
feature of the afternoon session was the
reading of a telegram from Hermann, he
agreeing to support the financial plank of
the platform adopted at St. Louis.
When the convention reassembled after
the recess ballot after ballot was taken
without result. Hermann began to lose
his sup Dorters one by one, and In the
thirty-fourth ballot there was -a rush to
Tongue and he received a majority.
TO IMPROVE BTOCKTOX.
Voters to Decide Upon the. Question of
Issuing linnilx.
STOCKTON, Cal., April 7.— Registration
closes here to-morrow for the election to
be held here on Monday to decide whether
the city will issue bonds to the amount of
$141,800 to erect a drainage system to pro
tect the city from overflow. Great interest
is being taken in the coming election, as
the people are desirous of placing the city
out of all danger from floods in the future.
The plans have the indorsement of Major
Heuer, the engineer in charge of the Gov
ernment work in this State until recently.
CLOSE VOTE AT TACOMA.
Fawcett It Elected Mayor by a majority
of Ttco.
TACOMA, Wash.. April B.— The closest
election ever held in Tacoma occurred to
day. Orr, the present Mayor, received
2680 votes, and Fawcett, the candidate of
the Democratic-Populist combination 2682.
While the election was a quiet one, to
night there was great excitement
throughout the city. Crowds of men
representing the opposing tickets paraded
the streets, each shouting for his candidate
and claiming bis election. The contest was
chiefly on the head of the ticket. Seven
out of eight Republican candidates for the
council are elected. One Populist — Hart
man in the Fifth Ward— is elected to the
council. The Republican candidates for
all the other oflices were elected.
PLAGUE ON THE GAELIC
Local Health Authorities Have
Been Warned to Be on
Their Guard.
A CHINESE PASSENGER DIED.
He Embarked at Hong-Kong and
Went Ashore afYokobama.
Due on the 18th.
When the steamship Gaelic of the Pa
cific Mail Company arrives off this port on
her trip from Hong-Kong, via Yokohama
and Honolulu, which she should do on the
18th inst., if she is on time, she will prob
ably meet with a reception such as com
manders dread and be escorted by the
quarantine officials to the grounds off
Hunters Point, where vessels are detained
while contagious diseases exist on board.
Ever since the news reached this City
that the black plague was raging in Japan
and China the local health authorities
have been dreading a warning that San
Francisco was in danger, and yesterday
the unwelcome warning came. The fol
lowing letter was received f:om Dr.
Hosenau, the United States Marine Hos
pital Service surgeon stationed at Angel
Island:
United States Marine Hospital Service,)
Angel Island, Cal., April G, 1896. j
To the Board of Health, San Francisco, Cat.—
Sirs: lam in receipt of the following telegram
from the Surgeon-General: "Chinese pas
senger left steamer Gaelic at Yokohama and
died next day with plague. Gaelic Bailed 31st
for San Francisco via Honolulu. Inform
health authorities and Quarantine Office."
Very respectfully, M. J. Rosenatj,
P. A. Burgeon, TJ. S. K. H. 8.
Of coarse, no pains will be spared by the
Board of Health to see that all danger of
contagion is eradicated from the Gaelic
before her mails, cargo and passengers are
allowed to land in this City. Unless she
is detained at Honolulu by thi Hawaiian
authorities and thoroughly fuioijated at
the islands, she will have to ui>dersro the
regular siege in quarantine.
Already a special meeting of The Board
of HealtU has been cailed to .ake the
necessary measures. It was to htve been
held this evening, but as there is still
plenty of time to make preparation: it was
deemed advisable to defer the gathering
until the Mayor can be present. The
meeting will take place within a day or
two, however.
PIANO RECITAL.
An Andlence Entertained by Pupils of
Professor Van Bruut-
A highly entertaining piano recital by
accomplished pupils of Professor W. Van
Brunt assembled a fine audience of music
lovers at the auditorium of the Y. M. C. A.
building Monday evening. The pupils were
assisted by Mrs. Eva Wren, soprano, and
Miss Julia Sullivan, contralto.
The first number on the programme was
Spanish Dance (eight hands) on two pi
anos, by Misses Mamie McDonald, Ellie
Brune, Maria F. Meyer and Daisy M. Pol
lard.
This was followed by piano solos Kos.
2, 3 ; 4 and 5, respectively, by Miss
Maiia Marburg. Miss Eva Pollard, Miss
Silvia Scalmanine and Miss Laura M.
Switzer. No. 6, was a contralto solo, Miss
Julia Sullivan. No. 7 was an exquisitely
rendered piano solo, "Danse dcs Farfa
dets," by Miss Ethel Lowe. Nos. 8, 9
and 10 were piano solos, re ndered
respectively by Miss Annie Porta, Miss
Ada Christenson and Miss Leicester
Huber. No. 11, vocal solo, "When the
Heart Is Young," was given by Mrs. Eva
Wren. Nos. 12, 13 and 14 were piano
solos, performed in their numerical order
by Miss Mamie McDonald, Miss Ellie
Brune and Miss Maria F. Meyer. The
closing number, overture, "Zampa" (two
pianos, eight hands) was rendered by
Misses Ellie Brune, Ada Christenson,
Maria F. Meyer and Leicester Huber.
The concert was creditable to Professor
Van Brunt and his pupils.
OR. McKENZIE.
The world is on its nerve just now. Every
one is getting nervous— and individ-
uals. You see it in the "Chewing-gum Craze
and in^the Nerve Specifics." It is fortunate,
therefore, for mankind that the celebrated
Dr. McKenzie's Nerve Treatment can be had by
the rich or poor. This great Nerve Treatment
is not a simple nerve sedative or tonic, but is
really an elaborately prepared nerve treat-
ment, that will build, renew ana make over
old, worn-out nerves.
YOU CAN GET
Dr. McKenzie's Nerve Treatment at
Joy's Baldwin Pharmacy.
JOY'S Tidings of reasonable prices at
irvV'O Joy's may have reached you. If
JOY O not, .' "Know thou then that
JOY'S Joy's Baldwin Pharmacy is the
1/^-wjo reasonable price drug concern .
JOY O inthiscity." Why? Because it
JOY'S pays to sell at reasonable
,X\/»o prices. Have you read of our •
JOY O combination prices? They still !
I/^Y'Q exist - You can get them yet. i
in\/>O Wnen you want something
JOY S which no other druggist has in
| JOY'S stock, you will finditat "Joy's,"
: im/in Because our stock of drugs is
JOY S complete, and "what you get at
j/-\Y'Q Joy's is good."
JOY'S JOY'S
JOY'S BILDWIS PHARMACr,
•* /^\r 9 C» - Under Baldwin Hotel,
JOY S Powell and Market Sts.
■ ":■-■■ : • ■
It Has No Equal!
REASON. ' 4Bm%s>i LOGIC.
The man or woman 111 *^" "The sound thrift*
who buys an article to §H^l» buyer makes his pur-
restore health should do "Vs^!? chase on the established
so on the same plan that basis that a good article
he or she would buy a MfafM 2*2" is cheap at a reasonable
watch for service, not for price, while a poor one is
a to^ '^ftohU^V dear at any price."
f .n)t.\\S A.T.STEWART.
POINTS OF SUPERIORITY.
ELECTRIC POWER.
DR. SANDEN'S; ELECTRIC BELT
generates double the power of any other
Electric Belt made. The arrangement of
the metals is upon the most approved
■cientific basis; the Voltaic piles, being
quadruple, so as to bring out a steady
powerful current; perfectly insulated, bo
that, different from all other belts, the full
force of the current is conducted into the
weakened system in a continuous, life-
giving stream. .It gives tone and energy
to the nervous system and all its depend-
ent organs.. As "Electricity is life Dr
Sanden's Electric Beit la the modern life-
giver.
DURABILITY.
DR. SANDEN'S ELECTRIC BELT is
positively guaranteed for one year. Every
Belt broken or by any circumstance
whether the fault of the belt or the wearer
having lost its curative powers of elec-
tricity within one year, is replaced with a
new one at no expense to the wearer If
Dr. Sanden's Belt was twice its present
cost it would still be cheap, a 3 noother 12
phance made can be sold with tMs
guarantee. w«u vuus
CONVENIENCE.
DR. SANDEN'S ELECTRIC BELT is
applied on retiring at night and worn until
n ft
weakened organs while you sleep. Beneti-
oal are noticed fn one Tnigh? l use,
It nnte,!h P^ made 80Und and refreshing
lirt. S M ncrv «s and builds up the weak
parts in a.natural, humane manner.
,, A ■ :®AKTIiu3Nr ELEOTRIO cj«-*
630 MARKET ST.. OPPOSITE PALACE H ™ITs^RaNCISCO
Omc Hou».-8 A. M. to 8:30 P. M .; Sundays, io ta 1
KLOBAXGELES .^x: o^ lo^ 3 „. PORTLAND, OR.
204 South Broadway. J - -.PORTIiAND, 08.
* 255 Washington stre«C
THE GREAT
This extraordinary Eejuvenator li the most
wonderful discovery «f the age. It has be«q
v endorsed by the leading scientific men of Eaiop«
<a m. and America, t&ig**^.
£&8£&Mill~L ' >rfillia^ rBnesB
BZFOBS I/O Sl* AFTER
\ MANHOOD
Constipation, Dizziness, Falling Bensatlon*,"
Nervous Twitching of the eyes and other parts.
Strengthens, Invigorates and tones the entire
system. Hudyan cures Debility, . Nervousness.
and developes and restores weak
organs. Ptina In the back, losses by day oi
night are stopped quickly. Over 2,000 private
endorsement.
Prem atu re means in the first
Etage. It is a symptom of seminal weakness and
barrenness. It can be stopped in 20 days by the
use of Hudyau. ,
The new discovery was made by tho Special.
of theold famous Hudson Bledlcal Insti-
tute. It is tho strongest vitalize* mode. It to
very powerful, bat harmless.
Send for circulars and testimonials.
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
Stockton. Market and Ellis Sts.,
SAN FKANCISCO, CAL.
FOR
tFine Tailoring
Perfect Fit, Best of Workmanship at
Moderate Prices, go to
JOE POHEIM
THE TAILOR.
PANTS made to order from $4.00
SUITS made to order from $15.08
MY $17.50 and $36 SUITS
201 and 203 Montgomery St., cor. Bust
724 Market St. 1110 & 1112 Market St.
. SAN FRANCISCO.
§Jw 9 PRIVATE DISPENSARY.
SPECIALTY— DISEASES OF MEN. INCXUD-
ingall forms of Blood, Skin and Nervous Dis-
eases. Over 20 years' experience. Hook sent free.
J*atientB cured at Home. Terms reasonable. Office
Hours, 9to 3 daily: 6:30 to 8:30 evenlnp*. Sundays,
10 to 12. Consultation free mid sacredly confiden-
tial. Call, or address
I*. hovd: sl<-?fl7IiTT. 91. D..
86M Kearny Street, Son Fr»n<l»<;o, Cal.
WLWOJfiWOO j^K
Chinese Drue* Jaj£ "t^sJ^^
and Tea and Herb #Jf
776 Sanitarium, frSr
776 CLAY STKJKET, ffjjL «
Bet. Kearny and Dupout, tt*+S jjfes *?
Han Francisco. **'/ h£^ >%
I, the undersigned, have * I %W
been cured from kidney BLThajm. «6»*
trouble, from which Ifc- e^eT> >-/ 1
suffered for over 10 years. F IBB^S / 4
by Dr. Wong Woo. K. wb^ 1 jm • "3
Office ho'nrs: -9:30 to 11 IaEOT-^iSlfflii
A.K.; 1 to 3, 7to 9 p.m. w23x&E3BoViGmi£m
You Can Regulate Its Power.
DR. SAX DEN'S ELECTRIC BELT is coa.
structed with a patent regulator. No othet
Electric Belt has it. When you have placed
the Belt on the body and feel the powerful cur-
rent penetrating your system you adjust it«
strength by turning to right or left a small
screw attachment, setting the current at any
desired force, and you can then enjoy a restful-
quiet sleep without being awakened in th«
middle of the night by a sensation which
makes you imagine you are being electrocuted.
Those who have used the old-style belts know
what this is, and hundreds who have dig.
carded them and are now being peacefully re>
stored to health and strength by Dr. Sanden't
j Electric Belt are testifying to the value of the
new method. If you don't want to b* buratd
; to death in your sleep use Dr. Sanden'e.
$5000 REWARD.
DR. SANDE.VS ELECTRIC BELT gives into
the body a genuine current of electricity for
several hours at a time. $5000 reward will hi
paid for one of these Belts, which will not
generate a current which is perceptible to th«
cr n e g a to r t^^ tely alter cbar « in « * nl applj!
IT CURES. ; v
JfiffKHEtl
imamBRANDY WAS THE LEADER
The Sturdy Pony Captured the
Hurdle Race at Ingle
side Easily.
WAS RirDEN BY MR. BAGOT.
Schnitz First at 40 to I— Cabrillo and
Fortuna Have a Collision at
the Post.
What with polo-pony rncing with gentle
men riders in the saddle, a 40 to 1 shot
finishing in front and a collision at the
post there was no end of sport at Ingle
side yesterday.
Society smiles on pony-races, yet society
di'l not turn out very extensively yester
day to see the sturdy littie equines take i
the hurdles. "Lord" Talbot Clifton was, as
usual, the hero of tUe occasion. The
■wealthy young Englishman, who for a
year or more has been endeavoring to
teach the young California bloods who i
turn their trousers np at the bottom be
cause "it's so different, dou'cher know,"
wear a vacant-lot expression on their faces !
ani carry an umbrella when it doesn't look I
"THE CALL" RACING CHART.
Ciity-fifth day of the Pacific Coast Jockey Clubs Winter neeting, iB«S-96. Ingleslde
° Track. Tuesday. April 7, 18V6. Weather fine. Track good.
97- FIRST KACE-Four furlongs; two-year-olds; selling: conditions: purse $400.
Index.: Horse and weight.
I Sl -
Jockeys.
938 Torpedo 1021 2
938 ; Howards 106 1
962 George Palmer.. .101 4
917 Hoselle 102 6
Dunboy 99 7
" 862 Waliaba 102 6,
9'JQ 'Viking 107 1 3
I 23
In
i 31
i 43
7
!:::::::: Si
j 65
1 n
2 3
■M
4 3
5
6
1 a
3 5
46
53
6 10 |
Coehran
Slaughter
Macklin
IE. Jones
Sullivan
JBeaurhamp
Snider
8 8
8-5 2
1 11-10
5 7
40 150
100 300
60 80
I
I
ntarting-gate used.
driving. Winner, Pacific stable's ch. c, by Raclne-imp. Ouida. Time, -.50.
(I'JCi SECOND BACK— Five furlongs; selling; all ages; purse »400.
Index.
>dex. Horse, age, weight. st. Vi
951 W. Plnkmon, 3..108 1 ........
932 Adam Andrew, 2. S3 _'
937 Gold Bug, 6 lal 3 ........
605 Sylvia,!* 104 7 1
968 Marble Rock, a. . .121 4!
'.•36 Candor. 4 116 fti
£69 Uncle Sam, 4 121 6
957 Robin Hood I, 6.124 8'
Betting.
Op. Cl.
1 4
2 1
3%
4 i
5 1
6 1
71
8
12
2V4
61
3 4
6 2*
7 1
8
1 I
2 1
6 S
g 3
4 1
5 9
75
8
1 1
2 3
34
\*
6 1
7 10
8
Shieids I
C slaughter !
Shaw
T. Sloan
W. Cole
Snider
Bozeman
Clancy
3
16
30
10
20
100
20
1-4
5
25
40
25
30
30t>
40
Starting-gate used. Won handily. Winner, S. C. Hildreth's ch. g., by Shaanon-Fannie Lewis. Time,
1:03.
Q7 7 THIRD RACE— One mile; telling;
Index. | Horse, age. weight. j Si
961 Scbnltz, 4. 105 4
906 Collins. 4 106 3
951 Gallaui. 4 105 6
(939) strathfloner, 5... 106 2
9*9 Pcimtt.ir. 3 96 1
$139 iMonlto. 5 106 7
t>51 Ida Sauer, 4 100 5
!±
4
3 I
6
2 ;
1
5
Vi
1 3
2¥»
6 i a
53
3V 3
4%
r
I
I |
! i
i* »i I Str. Fin.
1 lii, 11 1^ i In
4 1' 4 3 3 a 2 v
2 h 2 3 21 11
6 1 6 2 5 3 4 Va '
3 h 'Ah 4 Va 5 10
7 7 7 6 10 S
5 3£ 5 Vz « I 7
Jockeys.
Betting.
Op. Cl.
i 1 3
i 2¥»
6 i a
53
7
4% ;
C. Slaughter...
Cochrun
iMackllu
■T. Sloan
PlftKOtt
j Bvrgen
H. Brown
20 40
4 7-2
8 7-2
3 18-5
! 5-2 11-5
20 20
300 eoo
Starting-gate used. Won driving. Winner, C. F. Sander's ch. c, by Panique-Ilia. Time, 1:44.
q — o FOURTH RACE— One mile; conditions; purse $400.
Ind*x. Horse, age, weight.
St.
8 /i
Jockeys.
964 Service, a 110
Figaro, 5 110
953 |Ad'h >preckelB, 3 94 ;
90" ICabrlllo, 4 106
Fortune, 5 105
1 3
■J 2 1
a 1 1
' • I 1-ert.
» Left.
I*
12
2 3
3
2 3
3
lh
11 Shields
2 2 C. Slaughter
3 K. Jones
T. Sloan
Piggott
7 10
6 7
6-5 11-10
a a
6 8
i
staninp-gate used. Won driving. Winner, S. C. Hildreth's b. h., by imp. Woodlands-Lady Maid.
Time. 1 :4;-iS 4 .
(i'-Q FIFTH RACE— One and a quarter miles: over 9ve
JniJcx.
Jndcx. i Hors». weight. I 8c. { Std. i H j Vi | % j Str. Fin. Jockey*. iopf"
MS Brandy 150 1 11 110 16 18 110 illO Mr. Bajjot 8-5
H5B iLl Hung Chang. .170 S 34 3%^ 320 21 'i'i 128 I Mr. Neave ! 2
(668-s -Ala.M!n 165 4 21 21 4 4 4 '3 10 !>Ir. Skinner 8-5
858 P.arbara 162 2 4 50 4 100 2 2 3 15 3 10 4 :>ir. McCrtary , 4
S58 JumplnK.Taclc....]93 6 5 !s 5 5 5 h |Mr. Clifton | *•
1'eacocic 155 5 4 !* \ \ | IJlr. Wright I '2
Hers*, weight.
ting
Cl.
95
6-2
■2
6
*•
10
staninc-gtte ;ised. Won easily. Winner, \V. S. Hobart's b. g.
jump. "Coupled with LI Hung Chang.
Time, 2:46Vi- *Fell at first
CiQfi SlXTU RACE— Six furlongs;
I lid CX.
Korse, weight.
j st. !
V*
Betting.
Op. Cl.
_
903 ISallieCllcqoot 103 4
968 jJ'aros 96 6
9ft8 IMontallade. 103 1
399 Kncino '. 96 5
943 ! Decision 103' 2
876 jVeragua. 97 3 !
I
!
In
6
4h
3h
2 1
54
13
5 y 2
33
6 .
2h
I 42
1 3
4 1
■
3 1
5
lh T.Sloan
2 2 C. Slaughter....
3 2 Macklin
4 1 iPigRott
5 10 ! Snider
6 JRowan
1-10
7
15
100
30
60
1-6
7
20
150
25
80
1
Start!nt;-gr.te uned. Won driving.
aftoqnot. Time, 1:15»4.
Winner, G. B. Morris <fc Co.'s b. f., by Sal vator- Widow
"THE CALL" RACING GUIDE.
To-day' 5 Entries at Ingleside Track.
]- races where to* hor-ee have no record at the distance to be run the record! at tha next Bearer.
Distance are given.
A btreviatlons— F., fast: Fa., fair: H., heavy; m., mile; f., furlong; *, about.
BP3t ] 111
lortex. ' Name. Lbs .record. ! Dlst- 'Lbs^k.l Owner. Pedlp-ee.
H55 Inrlanirualor 101 no reel 'Elm wood stk farm. limp. Brutus- Ariola
9SP Modf-Rlla 98 no rir Cambridge stable.. Prince ot Norfolk-Eda
Q'8 Lumina 108 : 491/2 V« m 108 F... Kl Primero stable., lip. Martenhurst-Wndallght
969 Par:haniax 101 no roc Burns <t Waterhouse limp. Maxim-Panhenia
(778) Cyru King Ill : 52 108 H. . ,L. Ezeli Vanquish-May I)
9^2 I olore 108' -50 'Vi™ 97, F... Pneblo stable 1 Wildldle-Ko.sette
Iwwt William. Ill norec.! i |G. E. Barron -FltzjaDies-Olive
iDrtex. '
Name.
Lbf
Tk.
fKCOSD RAC£-six Turlongs: selling.
infie.T. j
Name.
! Best 1
1 Lbs record . I Dlsu
Lbs
970 Irmu....: 104 1:11 5% f
965 iToano 109 1:14% 61
961 Tim Murphy.... 109 1:14 6f
061 Tonino 95 1:34 71 .
957 1 Meadow Lark ..106 1:16 |6f
(951) Kowalsky ■ 9S 1:14% 6f
9«1 San Marco , 98 1:15' /a
J104 H.. Countr>' Club stable; St. Saviour-Ella T
106 P.. Wn;. Iiloombaugh..|Longfpllow-Sa!ara
111 F.. White* Clarke.... Imp. jvyrle Dalv-Matrgle R
110. F.. S.C. Hildreth J. H. Fenton-Lizr.ie B
109 F.. Klmwood stk farm. Imp. P.ruius-Xabette
; 9(5 Fa E. Corrigan Isaac Murphy-Derochment
117 Fa.: P. Dunne ]lmp.St.Blalse-Round Dance
1 HIl'.D RACE— Seven furlongs: selling.
Index.
Name.
Lbs
Bent I
record. Dlst.
iTk.
957 JRlcardo 109 1-.161A 6f
980 Paros 98 1:041/4 5f
«43 Ike! 109 1:34% 7f
931! Itoad Runner... 112 1:1HV* 6f
905 Georg»«C 91 1:10 5% f
• 953 Joe Terry 98 1:17 6 1
f)!>9 PI El 106 l:28 -i 7f
704 IJIazard 10'J 1 :30 V, 7f
(043) Unity 99 1:13% *6 f
978 Perseus. 95 1:30 7f
974 Pollock 95 1:161,4 *6 f
,958 Oliye 1U4|1:28Vi 7f
939 Dchsof SIllpHas 104 l:41i 4 1 m
10.% H..S. F. (,'apps 1 Wlldldlp-Blue Bonnet
103 H.. J. Carroll jimp. Kepne-C4ray sail
119 1 F... iGarden City stable. Major Han-Miss Flush
11U H.. I Antrim stable joe Daniels-Miss Hooker
89 F...IJ. Oarxlty Bramble- Lady Lou
■107 H.. Burns<{ Waterhouse Flambeau-imp. Kalndron
I 93 F... S. D. Merrlweattler. Hidalgo- Veracitv
11(5 F-. J. (;. Brown &Co.. Strathmore-Zoo Zoo
108; F... L. Ezell imp. Kossinjrton-Unite
96 H.. Cambridze stable.. Imp. King GallopNanka
106 H. . Z. Abrahams Imp. Rosslnnton-Mariorle
98 F... K. Corrigan .Apache-VirRie
98 F... Elmwood stk farm. | Duke of Norfolk-Ledette
FOCRTH RACE-One mile: handicap.
. . !
: Uest I ~~~
ndei. . Name. Lbs|Record Dlst. LhaiTk. v Owner. redijrre*.
(941) Looeneula 114 1:41s; i m 100 F. . a. B. Morris* Co. Hudson-Zulu — —
(948) Crescendo 113 l:13i /4 6f 103 F. . ' Pueblo stable..:... Flambeau-Imp. Janet N
(»78) r nrvice 106 1:48% 1 n, !lio Fa. s. <^ HIKlreth |ip. WoodlandT-Lad". Maid
(95^> Pepper ,105 1:49 1 1-16 m : 109 F. . 1 P. Dunne Uilnuoo-Franrp«r»
978 Cabrillo 104 1:48V, 1 1-16 m 9« F. . K. Van Brunt iSt. Saviour-In LIzzieH'nton
9d3 Sir VfeHsar .1011:55 ligin ! 96. F. Jh. T. i-riiMn Isir Diion-Vassar
963 Hosebud j 98 l:<lVi 1 iu 1 105 F. . Burns <t Waterh'se Tyrant-Rosemarv
717 Cadmus t 95 3:43^ 2 m i 104 H.. ! A. B. .Spreckels... j Flood-Imp. Cornelia
Index.
Name.
FIFTH
miles: 6 hurdles; handicap.
I Best
Index. 1 Name. Lbs record.; Dist. 'Lbs',Tk.| Owner. •
"~967 IJ^llrlnger 166 '2:45% 1% m 150 F... F. M. Taylor. J
962 My Luck 148 1:57V* 1 m 1 144 .11.. 8. C. Hlldredth..... !
955 The Lark { 144 2:46% 1% m 138 F... .I.T.Clifton . . . i
(967) Contentment . 1H6 1:58V* 1 1-lbm 125<Fa. K.Corrigan... ;
967 Ksperance 1 28 •£ :49 , IV2 m 1-4 F.. .;T. A. Tobln
Best I
• Lbs record, j
Troubador-Boaque Belle
Dick Whlttinjcton-Lucknow
Wildldle-by Monday
Favor-imp. Sally 11
Alta-Mother Hubbard
>..Vii5 RACK — Five and a half furloiiBs; handicap.
I
li:dex.l
J*ame.
I Best I
Lbs 'record. Dlst.
Lbs 1
Tk.
f)48 |Georzc Miller... 119 1:08*4 5% * 111 Fa. W.L. Btanfield.... iLoftin-Fmma '
(915VBellicoso 119 1:11% *« » ! 1 IB >•'••• I Pueblo stable Peel-imD Janet V '
633 Kitmsln.. ...... ; 99 1:14% 6* | 94 *'••• X. Kail Blazes-Miss Hall .' -
(965) ill. McGregor II 99 1:07% »Vi * j ■»« Fa. Burns *Waterhouse Day Star-Miss McOreiror
(970)i.\tobalMca I 97 l:10i,J 6% f »2 H..'E. Corrijtaii .- i Ap'ache-TrickVv CGregor
«HU Miss Maxim.... S3 1:15V* 61 81 Fa. O. B. Morris A Co.. Imp. Maxim Ventura
(976) Wm. Plnkerton 84 1:15% 6 1 97 F... S. C Hildreth ...... ShannonKanriie r*wi.
927 imp.SantaBella 1U2 1:07 I 5% t 115 K... W.O'BM actlonough St. .Serf-Imp Maidan Ball*
920 Howard.. ....... 1 92 1:073/4, 6% f 106|F..; R. E. Dolan.. ....... JTvrant-May^ttc
BEVENTH RACE-Flve furlongs; selling.
iDdex.
I
;Lbs
Best
record.
Lbs Tk.j Owner. | Pedigree.
Odell stable 'Prince of Norlolk-K<Ja
C. A. Neave jimp. kelpie-Unknown
103 H.. IL. Kzell |i»oubt-Natchitoches
pE. Corngan ;L)no]idaRa-Miss Hl K bt
10H.F...|\\'oodlawn stable.. . Ben Ali-Kzza
93 F...iAlma Dal* stable.. Himvar-Macjji B
106 H..JW. B. Hinii :«ano-L!lita
103:Fa.jF. Hartman iTorso-L'ttle Flush
I jD. J. Fitzgerald — iliermese-Cnknown
I iCountry Club stable, Imp. W'acuer-Fabecia
I
. I Sailor Prince... Ill no rec. i
Our Dick Ill .... : . .
966 Doubtful 96 1:19% 6 f
956 'Lit iv anna 109
93* Koset 94 : 50 , % m
966 flyman Ill 1:08 5% f
479 Alvero ; 96 1:05U5i
947 Una Que A mo.. I 94 1:03 > 61
966 Fleet Ill ...;„..
976 Sylorla. 84 j
like rain, bow to spend their surplus cash
without boking for a double return, did
not win tae event, but he finished. There
were six starters for the run, which was a
mile and a quarter over five hurdles.
Brandy, ridden by Mr. Bagot, who went to
the post equal favorite in the betting with
Aladdin, led throughout and won eased
up ten lengths in front of Li Hung Chang,
ridden by Mr. Neave. Aladdin, piloted
by a dashing young rider with curly locks
named Mr. skinner, was third about the
same distance away. Mr. McCreery's
moant, Barbara, looked daneerous at one
tirre.but tired in the stretch. Lord Clifton,
astride Jumping Jack, was never very close
to the leaders. It was whispered "Mv
Lord" had a swell wager placed that he
would not fall off. If he did he won it easy.
The attendance was large and some fine
opportunities were offered for guessing.
William Pinkerton and Sailie Clicquot,
both at odds on, and Brandy were the win
ning favorites, the balance of the races
going to outsiders in the betting.
The win of Schnitz at odds of 40 to 1 in
the mile selling event was the big surprise
of the day's sport. Taking the lead soon
after being sent away the outsider made
the running, and in a" drive won by a bead
from Collins. The 11 to 5 favorite Scimitar
finished filth.
While the lield was at the post for the
mile purse rnce an accident deprived
the second choice, Cabrillo, and the out
sider Fortuna of all chance of winning.
As the barrier was raised Cabrillo started
to wheel round just as Fortuna broke, and
a collision was the result. Tod Sloane, the
rider of Cabrillo, was struck in the face by
Fortuna's head, dazing him, and, after his
mount ha<l run a few yards, fell off- He
quickly revived after being carried to the
judges 1 stand. This left but three to tinish
the race. The pace set was slow, and
Jones went to the front with the 6 to 5
favorite Adolph Spreckels turning into
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, APRIL 8. 1896.
the back stretch. Tne three-year-old
showed the way into the stretch for home,
when Service beaded him. Ridden out,
the old campaigner beat Figaro a length.
The favorite was a couple of lengths
farther away.
The Spreckels entry, George Palmer,
was backed for a certainty in the two
year-01.l dash that was first on the card.
The good-looking youngster went to the
post 11 to 10. but could finish no better
than third. In a hard drive the 8 to 1
chance Torpedo beat Howard S a very
short head on the wire.
A five-furlong dash that followed went
to the 1 to 4 favorite William Pinkerton,
who won ridden out a length in advance
of the two-year-old Adam Andrew.
Sallie Clicquot scared all out of the con
chiding six-furlong run but live, and ruled
alto G favorite. In a drive she won by
the narrowest of margins from the gray
I colt Paros, with Montallade a good third.
Track and Paddock Items.
This is "ladies' day" at Ineleside. The
programme is one of the best yet offered
I race-goers. Special cars will be run as
usual for the accommodation of the fair
sex.
The condition: of the "Over the Moun
tain Handicap," to be run on April 14,
have been -changed to read as follows: For
three-year-olds and upward. Those en-
I tered not to be sold to carry seven pounds
above the scale. Those entered for $2000
to carry weight for age. One pound al
lowed for each $100 less to $500. Six fur
longs. Beaten horses not liable to claim.
The four-year-oid chestnut gelding Soon
Enough, by El Rio Rey-Sooner, died of
catarrhal fever at the Bay District track
lon Sunday. He had performed with some
I success both on the flat and over the
"sticks."
Bookmaker Peter Riley and crew de
parted for Roby last evening.
Although originally containing a large
list of entries, the six-furlong handicap on
yesterday's card had to be declared off for
lack of starters.
Sebnite, the winner of the third race,
was bid up $300 over his entered selling
price of $200 Dy H. Forsland, the form
book man. His owner retained him.
AMONG THE WHEELMEN
The National Racing Circuit to
Open in Denver, and Not
Here.
The Imperial Club Nominates Offi-
cers and Names Its Relay
Team.
It has been decided not to have the Na
tional racing circuit commence in Califor
nia. This conclusion was reached yester
day by R. M. Welcn of the racing board.
He said that the demand for dates on the
circuit was not sufficient to warrant the
Eastern racing men coming here, and for
that reason it has been decided to open the
racing circuit on May 16 at Denver and
ork eastward from that point,
wlhiswill not affect the dates which have
already been arranged for next month,
however, and race meetings will be held at
Santa Rosa, Oakland, Heald&burgand San
Jose, but they will not be National circuit
meets. All the fast California riders and
such Easterners as are now here will com
pete and the events will be full of interest.
Tom Cooper, the Detroit flier, and Lee
Richardson, champion trick-rider, who
have been expected here during the past
few days, will not arrive for two weeks,
and as the circuit will start in Denver,
may not come at all. This will be quite a
disappointment to tneir many iriends
here.
The Imperial Cycling Club has adopted
a club sweater of silver gray, trirurued with
purple. They are quite handsome and all
the members will soon be wearing them.
The Bay City Wheelmen are still unde
cided as to one or two men for their relay
team and will hold another live-mile try
out at Alameda to-day to settle the matter.
Harry F. Terrill, one of the club's strong
est riders, has been ill since last Saturday
and will probably not ride, so that his
place will also have to be filled.
F. C. Chandler, manager of the Cleve
land branch house on this coast, will
shortly leave here to take charge of the
company's interests in London. His suc
cessor has not been named, though he may
be E. E. Stoddard of the Bay City Wheel
men, who represented the Western Wheel
Works of Chicago until recently, when he
left them to go with the Cleveland people.
The San Jose Road Club celebrated" its
fourth anniversary yesterday.
Maurice Stewart of the Bay City Wheel
men left yesterday for a trip through So
la no County.
The Imperial Cycling Club's relay team
will be composed of Messrs. Bozio, Ortion,
Metcalfe, Barley, Cook, Maack. Blakeslee,
Alborelle, Borre and Byrne.
At a meeting last Monday night the fol
lowing officers were nominated for the en
suing term: President, K. L. Radke; vice
presidents, H. Todd and G. Sullivan;
secretary, John S. Egan; financial secre
tary and treasurer, George J. Panario;
captains, J. F. Burns, J. L. Barrow and J.
S. Dawson.
Secretaries of clubs intending to enter
teams in the coming relay must file the
names of their men with Chairman Strat
ton of the road-racing committee of the
associated clubs not later than 'to-morrow
evening.
ALL KINDS OF SPORT.
Picnic of the Sportsmen* Protective
Association — Courting and
Rowing.
The Snorcmen's Protective Association
met last evening at 2L'O Mason street and
perfected final arrangements for its picnic
and outing which will be held on Sunday
next at Schuetzen Park, San Rafael.
A. Battu was elected treasurer of the
club in place of John Stack, who has not
attended a meeting since last October.
A letter was read from Victor Harrier,
the treasurer of the Mallard Gun Club and
organizer of the Solano County Sports
men's Club, in which it stated that neither
the writer nor members of the club he rep
resented could assist in any way to further
the interests of the association by the sale
of tickets for its annual picnic.
Ti>e association unanimously decided to
cut away from the Mallard and Solano
County clubs, the membership of which in
future will have to fight their own battles
minus the support of the Sportsmen's Pro
tective Association.
Committees were appointed for the pic
nic, which promises to be both financially
and socially a most successful affair.
The Interstate Coursing Club met last
evening and arrangements for the second
grand meeting at Newark Park on the 18th
inst. were perfected.
The drawing for the races will be held
on Thursday evening, and the secretary
hopes that all sportsmen who are inter
ested in the meeting will be present at an
early hour.
The Ariel Rowing Club gave an enter
tainment and dance last evening at Union
squan; Hall, which was largely attended.
The officers of the club are: President, G.
T. McGinness; vice-president, P. J. En
right; secretary, Eugene Flanders; treas
urer, J. F. Coughlin; captain, Robert
Ellis; lieutenant-captain, H. A. Pless.
The club will hold its annual picnic this
year in Sunset Park, Santa Cruz Alountains.
Considerable interest is being taken by
the sporting fraternity in the entertain
ment to be given by the South End Row
ing Club Thursday evening, April 16, at
Native Sons' Hall. Robert Mac Arthur
and George Green (Young Corbett) are to
appear in a scicntihe exhibition of boxing.
They are undoubtedly the cleverest wel
ter-weight boxers the city has ever pro
duced. Besides this a very neat pro
pramme has been arranged by the club's
committee, mainly consisting of singin: by
members of the Olympic Club minstrel's
and comedians from the Acme Club of
Oakland.
WEBSTER-STREET
BRIDGE PROTEST
Alameda Citizens Send Their
Memorial to Colonel
Suter.
UNCLE SAM'S POWERS.
Federal Authorities Have Noth
ing to Do With the
Matter.
CONTROLS ONLY THE ESTUARY
Government's One Duty Is to Look
Out for the Drawbridge
Constructions.
The citizens of the western portion of
Alameda have taken formal steps in pro
test against the removal of tne Webster
street bridge. City Attorney Taylor for
mulated the protest, which was adopted as
a resolution by the municipal board and
yesterday laid it before Colonel Suter, clii«f
of the engineer corps of the Pacific depart
ment, for transmission to Washington.
The protest covering the arguments al
ready presented in The Call interviews is
as follows:
Resolved, That the following statement of
facts be forwarded lo the honorable Secretary
of War as grounds for remonstrance against
changing the location of the drawbridge con
necting Alameda and Oakland known as the
Webster-street drawbridge.
First— Said bridge has been at its present lo
cation for more than a quarter of a century.
Between the bridge and the highland of Ala
meda extends a mile of roadway, constructed
at great expense over a marsh of such nature
that it took many years of settling and refill
ing before the roadway obtained its present
foundation. Any material change in the loca
tion of said bridge will require, at great ex
pense, the construction of another roadway,
which might not obtain solidity for years. The
city of Alameda has no other street or right of
way over this marsh, and a street could only
be opened at great expense and after many
legal delays.
Second— The present bridge is located at a
point which best suits the convenience of the
public traveling between Alameda and Oak
land.
Third— The direct continuation of said road
wny in the city of Alameda is known as Sev
enth street, and is a business center. There is
no other business street In said city within a
distance of two miles, and as Alameda is a resi
dence city it is not desirable to create new
business centers.
Fourth— The location of said bridge is at the
narrowest point on the estuary or harbor lying
between Alumeda and Oakland, and the con
struction of a bridge elsewhere would entail
not only great cost of erection, but additional
cost and danger in maintenance.
Fifth— The approaches and streets leading to
this bridge, on both the Alameda and Oakland
sides, have been constructed and improved so
as to render easy access to the present bridge,
and any change would seriously discommode
the traveling public and require large outlay
to construct and improve new approaches.
Sixth — The abandonment of said roadway
would divert travel and trade from its present
channels and destroy long-established real
estate values and business interests, and cause
irreparable injury to the entire city of Ala
meda.
Resolved further, Thatif the War Department
decides to construct a bridge at anew location
that said department be requested not to lo
cate the same eastward of tne railroad bridge
owned by the Southern Pacific Company, situ
ated near said tirst-mentioned drawbridge.
Notwithstanding the adoption of ;these
resolutions, the West End people declare
that they are in favor of replacing the two
old bridges with one new bridge, which
shall have Webster street as its Alameda
approach.
The Alameda Argus, in editorial refer
ence to the project, says:
Our idea of an estuary bridge is a double
decker, the upper deck to carry the wagon
traffic and to have approaches so long as to
carry it past the railway tracks and water
front hurly-burly that crowds down on the
Oakland Bhore of the estuary. It will soon be
so that the Oaklatid approach to the bridge
will be well blocked by the miscellaneous
traffic of shipping and the frequent running of
freight, local passenger and electric cars. If
the vehicles could be carried over all this and
landed to the north of First street it would
greatly encourage wagon traffic ana conduce
to the public safety.
As indicated in the protest sent to
Colonel Suter, there is a general impres
sion that the War Department is to settle
the bridge question. That is not the case
as the Government engineers explain.
The Federal authorities can only declare
whether the bridges over the estuary are
a hindrance to navigation. The Federal
Government is to look out for the rights
of the ships in Oakland harbor.
It cannot prevent the county from main
taining the old bridge at Webster street,
and neither the Federal Government nor
the county can prevent the railroad com
pany from building the Alice-street bridge
while the railroad owns the right of way
for the bridge.
All that the Federal Government can
do is to regulate the drawbridges.
The situation is this: The railroad
company has concluded to rebuild the
Alice-street bridge and run both railroad
tracks over it. It has notified the Govern
ment engineer of that. The Government
engineer demands that a drawbridge
about twice as long as the present one be
provided, and the railroad company does
not want to build so much of a draw
bridge. The authorities at Washineton
are to decide whether the railroad's new
drawbridge must have a span of 150 feet or
not.
With the railroad's new bridee in use
the county would be compelled to main
tain the old Webster-street bridge, which
is maintained in its present, rickety condi
tion by the railroad company in payment
for its use of the bridge. The bridge is
admitted to be of little value, with ap
proaches that have caused criticism for
years.
The shipping men and others assert that
this is a favorable time to supplant the
two old unsubstantial bridges with a
bridge that will be safe and commodious,
and at the same time a structure of archi
tectural merit. The railroad company has
iiot made any overtures to the county re
garding a bridge to be built at joint ex
pense, but at the meeting in Colonel
Suter's office Mr. Curtis stated, in response
to a question, that the company would be
willing to consider the proposition.
No action has been taken by the county,
however, and the railroad is going on with
its preparations to build its own bridge.
The principal advocates of a union bridge
are the shipping men, and their interest is
in having only one drawbridge at the
lower part of the estuary.
WHISTLE FOR HIS PAY.
That Seems to Be All That Is Left for
Laborer Henshaw to Do by Way
of Pastitne.
"We are constantly obliged to listen to
tales of fraud and oppression," remarked
Labor Commissioner Fitzgerald yesterday.
"One of our latest cases is that of a poor
workman named Henshaw, who asked our
aid in collecting a claim for $S 15. He went
to work under the McCoy grading contract
at the Mission, and is said to be a good,
willing and capable marfjj When McCoy
failed the contract was assigned to J.J.
Raver. who assumed the obligation of see
ing that the employes were paid. He
said he was sure there was money enough
in the contract to meet all claims out
standing.
"The work was finished, and matters
commenced to looK black for the Henshaw
household. Tht-y were six months behind
with the rent, and living, God knows how,
on nothing a week. Henshaw came to
me in great distress a few days ago, beg
ging the commission to help him collect
his little ciaim, which means so much 10
him and his family. Deputy Commis
sioner Dam wrote to Raver, ancl this is the
ancnrAr "
"The answer" consisted of Mr. Dam's
note, which had been returned, across the
back of it being scrawled the words: I
have lost $1365 on the same.
"Meanwnile," commented Mr. Fitzger
ald, "poor Henshaw may whistle for his
money."
A LAMP EXPLOSION.
It Destroys Five Hundred Dollars'
Worth of Property.
The explosion of a lamp in the residence
of George Savage, 754 Harrison street,
shortly after 11 o'clock last night t led to
the destruction of $500 worth of property.
There was no insurance.
CHEERED BY THOUSANDS
Monsignor Nugent Given a Pub
lic Reception at Metro
politan Hall.
He Tells of His Labors Among the
Poor and Destitute of Liver
pool.
A large audience gave Monsignor Nu
gent, the noted apostle of the poor of Liver
pool, a royal California welcome at Metro
politan Hall last night. The reception to
the distinguished visitor was under the
auspices of the Legion of the Cross, the
St. Vincent de Paul Society ana St.
Joseph's Union.
The preliminaries included addresses of
welcome by J. M. Burnett and Frank J.
Sullivan, selections by Blanchard's orches
tra, and the Press Club's quartet (Messrs.
Coffin, Parent, Tilton and Warde) was so
I well received that repeated encores were
j demanded and given.
In the course of his address, reviewing
: the work of Monsignor Nugent amone: the
' waifs and strays of Liverpool. Mr. Suili
| van took occasion to praise Father Crorr
| ley and the Youths' Directory in this City
and said it should appeal to the charity of
the people.
"Why can't we do in San Francisco," he
said, "what Monsignor Nugent has done in
j Liverpool? The boy of to-day is the man
! of to-morrow, and the brainsof the home
j less boy are as good as those of the rich
; man's son and his soul is just as pure."
Archbishop Riordan delivered a brief
' and eloquent address in welcoming Mou
! signor Nugent to San Francisco.
''I am delighted beyond measure," said
■ the Archbishop, "that my friend of thirty
' years has met with such a warm welcome
'; in our City. It was in Chicago, just alter
the great tire, when I first met Mgr.
Nugent, and I can never forget his svm
patby in the hour of our affliction. \Ve,
who love the cause of humanity, and the
cause of temperance, to-nieht tender him
I our warmest affection. When I was in
' Liverpool last year I went out with Mgr.
j Nugent, and everybody wanted to shake
him i>y the hand.
"Therefore I am glad to say to him pub
licly what I feel in my heart, that we
gladly welcome him to this City.
"Mgr. Nugent knows me too" well to be
lieve it necessary for me to make a public
profession of my friendship. For thirty
years we have known each other. For
thirty years we have been friends and
loved each other."
"This demonstration overwhelms me,"
I said Monsignqr Nugent, "for never in my
life have I had such a witness of any ser
vice I have done for the people. 1 appre
ciate to the lull the deep affection of your
glorious archbishop, and it is to me the
greatest honor that he should, in the
presence of this vast multitude, take me
to his arms, as it were, in deep affection.
"God in his providence cast my field of
duty among the people, and I know
the people because I sprung from them.
Having been born in the Rreat city of
Liverpool I knew something of the wants
of our people, and as a mere youth I made
resolutions that my first efforts would be
to do something in a humble way for
orphans and destitute boys on lines
similar to those I had witnessed in an in
stitution in Rome.
"In 1863 a law was passed in England
called the Prison Minister's Act, giving
power to the magistrates to appoint a
Catholic priest as prison chaplain. So I
was selected for a place, and when I en
tered the prison walls I was appalled at
the condition of the prisoners, and then I
began to inquire why it was that so many
of our people, so bright, active, so gifted
were there, and I found that it was from
drink.
"James Greenwood, author of the
'Seven Curses of London,' tells us that in
1868 there were 100,000 children knocking
about the city of London, and in Liver
pool 40,000 between the a«es of 5 and 14
were without education, and 20,000 of
these were at large upon the street. Drink
was the cause of the neglect. At that
time I had not the courage to lift up the
standard of Father Mathew. So I gathered
a few workmen about me and I made
them promise not to go into a public house
on a Saturday night to spend their money,
as it belonged to their family, and to keep
away from It on Sunday, as it was the
Lord's day, and on Monday, because they
should begin their work well. I hired an
old theater and gathered the boys of the
street, and thus began the work which I
have succeeded in carrying on."
Monsignor Nugent reviewed the rise of
the League of the Cross which he estab
lished in England, and gave graphic re
citals of the ruin and destitution that in
temperance had caused among the work
ing classes of Liverpool. He closed with
an eloquent and touching plea to his
hearers to do what they could to aid the
temperance movement.
. Among the clergy and vice-presidents
were the following prominent citizens:
His Grace the Archbishop, Very Rev. E. Al
len, S. J., Very Rev. Father Prendergast, Rev.
M. D. Connolly, Rev. Father McGinty, Rev.
Father Crowley, Rev. Henry Woods, S. J., Rev.
Father Nugent, Key. Father Cummins, Rev.
Father John Cottle, Rev. Father D. Nugent,
Rev. P. E. Mulligan, Rev. P. Lynch, Rev.
James Flood, Rev. M. O'Riordan, Father
O'Mahaney, Rev. Philip O'Ryan, Rev. JoseDh
Byrne, Rev. Brother Erminold, Rev. Brother
Lascian. Rev. James Flood, Rev. Father P.
Casey, Rev. Joseph Gleason, Rev. James Lynch,
Captuin Dunleavy, J. S. Bannerman, J. B.
buggan, J. Densy, Michael Flood, L. Kast, D.
J. Costello, Dr. J. F. Gibbon. T. J. Lynch, J. P.
McCormlck, John E. Fitzpatrick, Colonel \V.
P. Sullivan, A. B. Maguire, James O'Brien,
Rev. Father M. P. Ryan. Thomas Mullany, G.
Stanley, T. P. Riordan, Hon. Frank Mura'sky,
T. R. Bannerman, J. H. Barry, Rev. Father
Coyle, Chief Crowley, Rev. Father McGintv,
Judge Coffey, J. J. Gildea, Dr. Clinton, P.
Bolger, Colonel M. C. Maloney, Lieutenant-
Colonel P. ODea, Major Daniel J. McGlow,
Major Joseph Branchard, Captain Daniel C.
Deasy, Lieutenant Thomas F. Kyan, Lieutenant
Edward J. Dea.«y. Lieutenant Edward F. Fay,
Thomas R. Carew, Hon. James V. Coffey,
Thomas H. Fallon, John Mulhern, Chnrles
McAuiiffe. P. J. McCormick, Captain H. J.
Meagher, A. H. Loughborough. Dr. E. E. Hill,
P. |F. McCormick, Dr. C. C. Mohun, P. F. Mo
hun, James A. Barry, James. Gildea P. Molloy,
John Lynch, C. C. Curtin, P. J. Thomas, Mr.
Queen, T. R. Rattigan, M. C. Hassett, Colonel J.
C. O'Connor, Jerome Deasy, J. 11. Sullivan,
Hon. \V. Broderick, Hon. H. T. Creswell. Hon.
J. F. Sullivan, James R. Kelly, Hon. James H.
Ryan, T. P. Riordan, Jeremiah Deasy. J. J. Mc-
Dade, S. J. Cunningham, T. J. Welch, Charles J.
I. Devlin, P. F. Walsh, Samuel Haskins, John
Fitzpatrick, Colonel Thomas F. Barry, F. J.
Kierce, James D. Phelan, James English.
Stephen McNeil, Jeremiah Mahoney, John
Murphy, J.J. O'Brien.
Maher and Choynaki.
Now that the Olympic Club cannot suc
ceed in getting an opponent for George
Green Director Short telegraphed Peter
Maher last evening to know if he will
meet Choynski in a ten-round set-to. If
Maher will accept of the proposition the
contest will be held at the Pavilion on the
evening of the tournament which will be
given in May under the auspices of the
Olympic Club.
ASINGULAR RECOVERY
Mrs. Lee Walters, 828 First Street,
Los Angeles, Tells the Public
How Much Has Been
Done for Her.
SHE BELIEVES IN THE HOME REMEDY
,-•'■ * "_'" j
A Peculiar Case of Nervous Dyspepsia, In-
somnia and Impure Blood Has Just Been
Successfully Cured by the Great Home
Remedy, Joy's Vegetable Sarsapar ilia— It
Has Astonished the Doctors of Los An-
geles, Many of Whom Are Now Making
an Investigation.
A true and authentic story comes from
the city of Los Angeles which is really
marvelous. It is especially interesting to
those suffering from dyspepsia and an im-
poverished blood, for, while the individual
is now permanently cured, many doctors
are wondering how the cure ; was effected,
and it is given out that the" physicians of
Los Angeles are secretly investigating the
"formulas" of what is known as
Joy's Vegetable Sarsaparilla.
Four years ago Mrs. Lee Walters was
considered one of the handsome women of
Los Angeles. Up to that time she was in
perfect health. . All of a sudden she devel-
oped headaches— dyspepsia. Her case was
so painful that many of the best- physi-
cians were called in, but they could only
give temporary relief.
About a year ago Mrs. Lee Walters began
using Joy's Vegetable Sarsaparilla. She
has completely recovered her lost health.
All the old symptoms have disappeared.
She writes for the benefit of those who may
be similarly afflicted:
THE EDWIN W. JOY CO., 269 Stevenson st.,
San Francisco, Gkxtlemkn: From a deep
sense of gratitude I am glad to be ahle to tell you
that lam now a well ani hearty woman. All the
old symptoms have disappeared. I have no more
headaches. They are gone.
-You see. my headaches were so awful, so ex-
tremely painful, I hud to call in many doctors, but
was never relieved until I used Joy's Vegetable
Sarsaparilla. It is : such a pleasant medicine.
There is no nasty tas:e to It.
I can eat almost anything and digest well. I
steep every night. My stomach does not fill up
and bloat. iMy digestion is really perfect. I praise
the Joy's Vegetable Narsaparilla and will always
recommend it. 1 stopped using pills as soon as I
began to take Joy's Vegetable Sarsaparilla. It is a
splendid laxative. Hoping some person will read
, this who is looking for relief, 1 wish you God's
blessing. (Sisrned). MRS. LEE WALTERS,
823 E. First Street, Los Angeles. CaL
X $5 DOWN,
fftPEBWEEK,
; Do you want better evidence
of our faith in our own handi-
work?
Call or send for application
blank.
This offer applies only to residents of San Fran-
cisco, Oakland, Berkeley, Alameda, San Rafael
und Sausalito. ,*. ViC-
Oakland Agency, Seventeenth St.
and San Pablo Aye., Reliance Bids,
Indiana Bicycle Co., 18 and 20
McAllister St.
/ OPEN EVENINGS.
O6
DOCTOR SWEANY,
San Francisco's ' Leading Specialist.
SUCCESSFULLY ; TREATS > ALL : CHROKIC
O diseases of the h"»d, throat, lungs, heart stom-
ach, liver and bowels; kidney troubles, disorder!
of the bladder and urinary organs, rupture piles,
varlcocele, bydrocele and swelling -of the gland*
Loss or partial loss of sexual power in either men
or women, emissions, sleeplessness, mental worry,
bashfulnes.l. falling memory and all the distress-
Ing Ills resulting from nervous debility positively
anl permanently cured. ' Gonorrhoea, Gleet. Stric-
ture and that terrible and loathsome disease .-Syph-
is, thoroughly and forever cured. . . • *",
WRITE your troubles if living away : from tin
city and advice will be given you free of charge. •
Address > - - V. L. bWKANY, M.D.,  .•;,.:
787 Haricot St. (opposite Examiner Office), .
.-••■- .-. • - Baa i'raucisco,
NEW TO-DAT.
Y& I NOLAN BROS.
I % I SHOE CO.
MONSTER SALE
TAN SHOES!
JL JLJLJLi MJLJLV JLihJ ■
JUST RECEIVED—
FOUR CARLOADS
OF TAN SHOES.
All the Latest Up-to-Dato Styles,
Which we will throw on the Market
at Wholesale and Retail. *f.
We Can Supply the Pacific Coast
With Tan Shoes.
OUR SHOW OF TIB SHOES
Now on exhibition in our Immense' windows is
acknowledged to be the finest ever shown la th#
world. v -■-
, It' you should promenade Market street
Don MISS seem; it.
Our windows will be illuminated every evening
with extra electric lights, so you . will have no
trouble in seeing
ALL THE LATEST
189 UP-TO-DATE
TAN SHOES.
TO BE 01 STYLE
YOU SHOULD WEAR
TAN HOES.
We will sell them at the same
prices as Black Shoes.
WE HAVE JUST ISSUED
50,000 MORE CATALOGUES
Showing all the Latest Styles and Up-to-Dat«
Shoes, and all at reduced prices. Send us your
address and we will mail you a catalogue.
WE HAVE NO BRANCH STORE ON
MARKET STREET. ....
Mail orders receive prompt attention.
NOLAN BROS.
SHOE CO. ]
812-814 MARKET STREET,
9 and 11 O'Farrell St.,
PHELAS BUILDING.
long Distance Telephone 5527.
I STRENGTH £S®flK&k
j| SPEED vfl HJI
| | — do you want
< , more in a bicycle? 9
i i T more in the ' ( >
| ! Monarches. | ;
< ( ■ * models. $80 and 100. fully' <rnnr»ntenl. For i I
( | children and »■!«.■- who. want a lower pric» wh-1 ( i
( I the Defiance is made in Bmod<-l.«, {to, (50, {SO, }7i. j ,
( ) - : Send lor Monarch book. I ,
it MONARCH CYCLE MFG. CO., 3 \
O 8 and 5 Front St.. Han Franclwo. S
•••••••••••••••MM— [_
THESUCCESS OF THE SEASON
THE LADIES' GRILL ROOM
OF THE ,
PALACE HOTEL
DIRECT ENTRANCE FROM MARKET ST.
OPES UNTIL MIDNIGHT.
/ g BICYCLES Ml
VS \ 1510 market'st;" gSTf
V7^^k/^ OR&* . /
LIPOTAIJR., Y~~\
Chinese Tea . aud Herb L& j
Sanitoriam, SH^Hf
No. 727 Washington- St., \*r 3
San Franciaco, Cal. \^Z- 9
Cor. Brenhjun Place, abort frttn- A
It c plaza, -•. . ■■•■■■ L^SSy/Jja^
Office Hours: 9to 13, —^^ m /AiS^S
1 to 4 and 5 to 7. Sun- "^yp^
day, 9 A. 31. to 12 M.
LI Po Tai Jr., son of the famous LI Pa
Tai. has taken bis father's business,
and is. after eleven years' study la
China, fully prepared to locate •mi
treat all diseases.
56
CHARLES M. SHORTRIDGE,
Editor and Proprietor- ''.
SUBSCRIPTION RATES-PosUge Free :
r»lly and Sunday Call, one neck, by carrier.. $0.15
J>k!ly and Sunday Call, one year, by ma 11.... 6.00
Dally and Sunday Call, six months, by mail.. 8.00
Daily and Sunday Calx, three months by mall 1.50
Pally and Sunday Call, one month, by mall- .65
(Sunday Call,, oce year, by mail 1-60
V. i»ki.v Call, one year, by mall ••■<• 1-60
BUSINESS OFFICE:
710 Market Street,
San Francisco, California.
telephone Main— lßßß
EDITORIAL ROOMS:
617 Clay Street.
Celepnone Maln-1874
BRANCH OFFICES :
030 Montgomery street, corner Clay: open until
1:80 o'clock.
838 Hayes street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
713 I-arkin street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
bW. corner Sixteenth and Mission streets; open
antll 9 o'clock.
3518 Mission street: open until 9 o'clock.
116 Matu street; open until 9 o'clock.
OAKLAND OFFICE :
808 Broadway.
EASTERN OFFICE:
Roams SI and 32, 34 Park Row, New York City.
DAVID 21. FOLTZ, Special Agent. "' v '
WEDNESDAY APRIL 8, 1890
THE CALL SPEAKS FOR ALL.
Congress spoke loudly for Cuba, but not
forcibly.
Harrison will soon be ready to talk poli
tics again.
A 3-cent streetcar fare to the suburbs is
worth working for as a road improvement.
There can bo no doubt that Greecs is
moving. Those Olympic games are hot
stuff.
The Cuban filibusters are forcing the
fight just now, and seem to be able to land
at every lick.
In the way of legislation at present
there seem to be as many snags in the
Senate as Senators.
If the war does not go beyond resolu
tions the Spanish Cortes can show itself as
powerful as Congress.
Concurrent resolutions are a good deal
like fireworks — they make a brilliant flash,
but that is the end of them.
Grower's sole remaining defender in the
Senate is David Bennett Hill, and he is a
political hole in the ground.
If Carlisle knows what he meant by his
letter on the Presidential nomination it is
more than any one else does.
Cooks Inlet is wide open for those who
seek Alaskan gold fields, but there is no
great outlet in sight for tnem.
The best thing Congress can do with the
debts of the Pacific roads is to do nothing
and let the law take it? course.
It is not enough for the California dele
gation to keep an eye on the refunding
scheme. It should keep a foot on it.
Once more the Spaniards have been sur
prised at the telegraph wire, and the Cu
bans have got in a report of a victory.
Bradley of Kentucky is another of those
favorite sons who cannot hold their own
with both hands and a hamper-basket.
So many Democrats are retiring from
politics in these days there will soon be
more of them in the woods than in the
field.
The only way for a Democrat to get out
of faction fights this year is to set up as an
independent and then vote the Republican
ticket.
Leaving California to hunt gold in
AlasKa is another illustration of the way
some men drop the substance to grab for
the shadow.
Senator Wolcott was right in saying
civil service reform is an acquired taste,
and he might have added it is sometimes a
perverted one.
The San Pedro appropriation contest
will have to be fought out in the Senate,
and let us hope the good fight will lead to
victory as well as glory.
It is now certain that Americans will
win many of the contests at the revived
Olympic games, and can come home to
rightly claim the title of world-Deaters.
There are many instances of communi
ties losing one improvement because they
demanded two, but Los Angeles seems to
have lost two ports by demanding only one.
It is as pure as shooting that the recent
wedding was not the only occasion in
which Benjamin Harrison "has found a
happiness in the absence ol his son, Rus
sell.
Cleveland ignored the concurrent resoln
; tionß on Armenia, and it is likely he will
ignore those on Cuba. Ignoring Congress
and the country has become a fad with
him.
It was safe enough for Senator Allen
to call Cleveland a mugwump, for there
is no mugwump in the Senate to hurl
back the charge with scorn and make him
apologize.
The funding bill fight might as well be
brought off at this session as any other.
The people are ready for it and would be
glad to see the vote taken in time for them
to revise it at the fall elections.
All the votes in Congress against the
Cuban resolutions came from the original
thirteen States, and yet it is just from
those States we should have expected the
fullest sympathy with any American
country struggling for independence.
Hepburn's objection that the appropria
tion bill carries no pork for his district
was valid enough to base a kick on. but all
the same he should have made his kick be-
fore the committee when he might have
saved his bacon.
Catchings is a Democrat, but he ad
mitted that the appropriation bill of tins
Republican Congress is the most scientific
ally drawn of any bill of the kind ever
submitted to the country in his time. Hen
burn of lowa, though opposing tee bill,
also conceded its scientific character, but
he did not express it in that way. He said
"it has distributed the pork with even
ness."
The proposal to make the Southern Pa
cific Company of Kentucky responsible for
the debt of the Central Pacific under the
refunding scheme is absurd. The South
ern Pacific owns nothing except railroad
leases and could very soon juggle those
out of reach of the Government. If a
surety is required it should be demanded
from the private estates of the directors of
toe road.
LOS ANGELES BOUSED.
The resolutions adopted by the Free
Harbor League of Los Angeles denouncing
the withholding of hii appropriation for
the improvement of San Pedro harbor
make some interesting assertions. Among
them is cne to the effect that Mr. Hiint
ington owns a controlling share in the
Atlantic and Pacific road bonds, and that
this explains the failure of that line to en
ter the reorganization scheme of the Santa
Ft?. In skprt, Los Angeles now realizes
that the one railroad which made its prog
ress possible stops at the Colorado River
and that Southern California is completely
at the mercy of the Southern Pacific. The
overlooking of San Pedro harbor and the
improvement of Santa Monica would com
plete the bondage.
This puts a new light on the case. One
of the points made in the resolution?, that
the progress of Northern California has
boen checked by the oppression of the
Southern Pacific monopoly, shows the im
portance of the estimate which Los An
fjeies has placed on the competition it has
enjoyed in the past. It is a familiar fact
that much of the prosperity of the south
ern end of the State was promoted by the
Santa Fe, by reason not aione of its com
petition with the Southern Pacific, but
also of the intelligent advertising which it
did in the Atlantic States within the intiu
ence of its Eastern terminus. The settlers
who went to Southern California were
largely persons of means and refinement,
and the result of their settlement is mani
fest in the beauty and thrift and high de
velopment of the Southern section. What
Los Angeles has achieved under these cir
cumstances would have been the portion
of Northern California under similar con
ditions.
It was a great surprise to Northern Cali
fornia that the Los Anpeles Chamber of
Commerce should recently have passed
resolutions approving the funding bill.
That measure will operate just as seriously
aeainbt that section as the neglect of San
Pedro in favor of Santa Monica, and for
the same reason. It is difficult to see how
the action taken by the citizens under the
call of the Frne Harbor League can be ex
pected to prove effective in Washington so
long as the resolutions of the Chamber of
Commerce are allowed to stand. That
represents in a sense a division, and har
mony is what is needed now. Should the
funding bill not be passed and the roads
made to submit to the operation of laws
already in existence foreclosure proceed
ings will be brought and the property sold
for the debt. This would result in the loss
of the Central Pacific to the Southern
Pacific system and would compel the
Southern Pacific to make strenuous exer
tions to develop its territory in Southern
California*. Los Angeles has a very large
problem to solve, but it seems amply com
petent for the task.
KEGULATION OP PARES.
Sentimtnt is evidently growing rapidly
in favor of reduced fares and better service
on the streetcar lines of San Francisco.
The latest organization to take the matter
up is the Ash bury Heights and fetanyan
street Improvement Club, which has ap
pointed a special committee topres-nta
3-eeni fare proposition to Manager Vising
oi the Market-street Railway Company.
It is an acknowledged fact that San
Franciscans are the greatest streetcar
patrons in the country in proportion to
population. They sptrnd about $4,000,000
a year in indulging their disinclination to
walk. In otner cities where the mileage
of the respective streetcar lines is no more
than that of the lines operated in this City,
a fare lower than 5 cents has been made,
and has been found to pay. Commutation
tickets entitling to fifteen rides have been
sold for 50 cents and those entitling to
thirty-two rides for $1.
What has been done in cities where the
riding population is less in proportion
than here can certainly be done in this
City, even though one important factor to
the desired end is absent— competition.
The franchise under which the street
railways are granted the use of the most
desirable portions of the most important
thoroughfares have been given without
cost to the beneficiaries on the ground
that they are public or semi-public insti
tutions. Being thus aided by the muuici
pality they are certainly subject to regu
lation within reason and fairness. The
Board of Supervisors claim the right un
der certain limitations to fix the charge for
water to private citizens, and they should
certainly have the right, under proper re
strictions, to exercise the same power over
the street railroads. Tuere is little hope of
the railway company making any reduc
tion on the strength of arguments for
demands from private organizations. The
present agitation, to result in anything
tangible, should De directed toward se
curing the necessary legislation to compel
a reduction in rates. The returns from the
traffic will certainly permit of lower fares
without unjustly curtailing the income of
stockholders.
THE DEBRIS APPROPRIATION.
No alarm need be felt over the sugges
tion that the $260,000 appropriated by the
California legislative act of 1893 for the
construction of the debris restraining
dams in the Sacramento and Feather
rivers has already been expended, and that
hence the State cannot avail itself of the
appropriation of an equal amount by Con
gress to be added to the State appropria
tion.
Attorney-General Fitzgerald has given
the opinion that the State appropria
tion is available. The only danger,
since the House has pas.«ed the appropria
tion, is that an effort will be made to de
feat it in the Senate or to induce the Presi
dent to withhold his approval. It is evi
dent that the exhaustion of the general
fund, into which the State appropriation
was placed, could not extinguish the ap
propriation, which is still charged to the
fund and is available every time the fund
is replenished. Still, while this is a self
evident proposition here it may not be so
clearly understood at Washington. We
may be sure, however, that the friends of
the appronriation who are now at Wash
ington will see that no misconception
arises.
In fact, the assurance is given that no
hitch will occur. The appropriation means
a great deal to California. The restrain
ing dams and the general scheme of drain
age provided for should be welcomed by
the valley farmers as putting an end to
the wash which is constantly occurring
without the aid of hydraulic mining, and
which is steadily filling up the rivers, de
stroying their value for navigation and
creating the danger of annual inundations
by the raising of the rivers above the con
tiguous lands. It will ba welcomed by the
hydraulic miners as permitting the re
habilitation of their industry without
doing harm to the interests "of others.
The total State and Government appro
priation of faOO.uOO is a trifling sum in
comparison with the security assured to
farming lands and the rich output of gold
from the hydraulic mines.
As the miners will be required to
pay 3 per cent of their gross earn
ings annually for the expenses of main
taining the work», the burden will not
rest upon taxpayers at large, and as the
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, APRIL 8, 1896.
acts jtoverning the case make both the
State and the Government responsible for
the wise, fair and able management of the
matter, there need be no fear that any but
good results will ensue. Thus one of the
most important events in the history of
the State is about to be accomplished. A
vast amount of locked-up wealth is soon to
be liberated for the benefit of all.
AN IDLE MISSION.
Whaterer may have been the causes
that provoked the anti-Semitic move-
ment in Germany there is no evidence
that they exist in the United States. The
Jews of this country are an intimate part
of the body pof tic. While their religion
and the fact that most of the older He
brews speak the German language tend to
make them a class to a certain extent in
purely social matters, in business and poli
tics they stand shoulder to shoulder with
the gentile population and represent a
very important element in the strength
and prosperity of the Nation.
For this reason the mission of Herr Ahl
wardt, the anti-Semitic leader of the
German Reichstag, is regarded as an idle
escapade. He has been lecturing in this
country against the Jews, but his efforts
have fallen flat, having received no atten
tion from any source. It is, therefore, to
be regretted that some indignant Jews at
Hoboken, N. J., should have made a dem-
onstration against him the other evening
at the conclusion of his tirade abusing
them. It can be easily understood that in
this country, where they freely enjoy all
the privileges accessible to any other citi
zens, they should feel a sense of outrage
over the uncalled-for attack upon them;
but it would have been wiser had they
abided by the general sympathy which
their fellow-Americans have for them and
ignored Herr Ahhvardt altogether.
The history of Jewish oppression is one
of the darkest that civilization records.
Generally iis virulence has been in pro
portion to the despotism of the country in
which it has prospered. A remarkable
trait of the Jewish character is its ready
responsiveness to liberal conditions. Un
der the genial and free life of America it
expands in proportion to its opportunities,
and amply demonstrates the fact— which
Europe might learn to its advantage— that
oppression is the worst possible means for
making useful citizens of a race.
AN IMPORTANT MEETING.
The State convention of Supervisors to
be held at San Jose on the 11th inst. will
be the first of a series of annual meetings
from which valuable resultH should be
made to flow. The need of a uniform
policy among the minor divisions of the
State government is recognized by the
statute requiring annual conventions of
teachers in order to secure that result in
popular education, but that does not by
any means cover all the needs of the
State. State conventions of County As
sessors have already begun, but in the
practical affairs of county government
through Boards of Supervisors there has
always been an injurious divergence of
policies. It is impossible to frame a
county-government law that will operate
uniformly throughout the State.
The need ol a better understanding has
at last been recognized by the Supervisors,
and without legal requirement they are
going to make a praiseworthy effort to
correct existing inequalities. The princi
pal matters to be brought before ihe
approaching convention are those con
cerning roads and indifrents. These are
broad subjects and require wisdom in their
treatment.
The most important is that of roads.
The State Bureau of Highways is steadily
getting the matter into intelligent shape.
It ia presumed that one or more members
of the body will be present at the San Jose
convention and give their views. These
have already been expressed desultorily at
the casual meetings held throughout the
State, and tne members of the bureau
have outlined a scheme which they pro
pose to urge before the next Legislature
for systematizing the matter. This should
be presented to the assembled Supervisors
and carefully considered, as their decision
will be a necessary step toward the passage
of any law applying to the case. Good
roads is one of the njost pressing needs
of the State.
A DUIK-DRYING FACTORY.
There are very few duck-drying institjtions
in California, and those are in the swamp lands
about ihe bay. The largest is just a mile or so
beyond Pinole station, and it is owned and
operated by Henry Wilson.
About two acres of land are devoted to the
business, and a most ill-smelling one it is.
There is a shanty in the middle of the drying
yard, and Wilson lives in it and does all the
work of cleaning and preparing the ducks for
drying. During the duck season there are
thousands of birds hung on lines that are
stretched across the yard on posts about five
feet high.
AYilson established his yard last October, and
at first killed all the ducks that he dried him
seM. But hunters in the vicinity soon learned
that he would buy ducks, ana in a short time
Duck-Drying Yard on the Bay Shore
>ear Pinole,
[Sketcfud by a "Call" artiet]
he had all he could do to prepare those brought
to him. Wilson did not pay the best p,rice. but
then he was not overparticular as to how long
the birds had been killed. There is little
doubt but that many of the birds he dried last
winter were sent to him alter they had beeu
on sale r week in San Francisco. • ■
The process of drying the ducks is a simple
one. Wilson mates no secret or it and any
body is at liberty to enter his laboratory at any
time. The birds are plucked of all feathers and
cleaned, the head being left on the body. They
are then hung up to drain an hour or so and
then filled with sal; that has been heated and
made as dry as possible. This is shaken off and
the bird is hung on the line to dry. The first
few days they have to be taken in when there
is any sign of rain, but when the flesh has
commenced to harden they can be allowed to
remain outside in all kinds of weather until
wanted. In six weeks they are ready for ship
ment, and it is said they will keep an indefinite
period after that.
All of the ducks dried by WiHon are sold to
Chinese merchant-; In this City. Numbers of
them are consumed, but the larger quantity
are sent to China. TheducKs in the process of
drying at first turn brown and then gradually
become darker until they are almost as black
as a piece of co&L
AROUND THE CORRIDORS.
Among the arrivals at the Occidental yester
day was C. Barrere, of Columbus, Ohio, a
wealthy banker, who lias for most of his life
been conspicuously identified with leading
banks in Columbus, Cincinnati and other Ohio
cities. He has now retired from work in the
bunks, though he yet retains large interests.
For several years he has been traveling in
different parts of the country. Mrs. Barrere,
Misses Mary and Jean, and George N. Barrere
are with him.
He is for McKinley for President, as he says
most of the men of his State are.
"I think he will undoubtedly go into the con
vention at St. Louis with a larger vote than
anybody else," he continued, "but whether he
can hold them,* and add to them is the ques
tion.
"Grant and Blame both had the biggest vote
of anybody at the opening of the conventions,
but they failed of nomination, nevertheless.
But I am a Republican and protectionist, and
naturally I feel like doing what I can for my
Ohio friend. It looks tome as though it would
"Grant and Blame both had the biggest vote, and MeKinley's experience maybe
the same as theirs," said Banker C. Uarrcre.
be a lively convention, one that will be memor
able.
'•I find a great many people from Ohio in
California, ana many of them have residences
here. I have been for several weeks in South
ern California.
"Wilbur Parker, originally of Cleveland, and
an ex-Ohio Senator, has bought a beautiful
home in the Harper tract, 1 think on Oakland
aeuue, in Los Angeles. The Wilshi res, for
merly of Cincinnati, are in Los Angeles also,
and are going to build a fine tourists' hotel.
Mrs. Carpenter, the sister ot Mr. Wilsbire, has
a residence there. They lived here for some
years before Investing down there. Over
Southern California there are a great many
people from Ohio.
"Though I have beon here for several weeks
I shall remain several weeks longer."
L. S. Judd, a mine-owner of Mono County, in
the heights of thp Sierras, near the northeast
ern boundary of Yosernite Park, is at the &USB.
He has just returned from Chicago, where he
has bet-u conferring with his partner, E. W.
Palmer, a resident of Chicago. Mr. Judd says
he has come birk prepared to rush work on
his property. Tho first thing he will do will
be to take up a concentrator and o f her machin
ery from this City to the value of about $3000,
so he says.
"It's a concentrating proposition," he con
tinued, as ho explained the matter to a Call
representative yenerday. "We have a large
ledge of low-grade silver and gold ore. There
is a 10-stamp niiil on the property now; in
fact, we have twenty stamps there, but only
ten up.
"The mine we have got is very high in the
mountains — 9500 feet, as shown by the
aneroid, and an immense amount of snow falls
there. It Is near the edce of the Yoseinite and
fifty-four miles southwest of Bodie.
"We have a tunnel now in 374 feet to the
ledge, which is tapped at a perpendicular
depth of about 800 feet. "We will work this
year about twenty men. 1 am satisfied the
concentrating machinery I have taken up will
do great things for us. Concentrators have
done wonders for Bodie, enabling miners there
to work properties and make & profit where
formerly they could not touch them except at
a loss."
Mr. Judd will leave for Mono County about
Saturday.
DAWN.
High over down, and over town,
The great sky rests, upholding
Its dome of blue, of darken', hue,
O'er mystic depths, enfolding • •"' "
Th' unquiet sea, and quiet earth, .
Thai breathless wait the morning's birth.
See, in the far, the morning star
Shine trembling, seaward sinkiug;
Hear, on the J*-k, the aspi'ii tree
Sigh softly, mists indrinking.
The white-walled town below the hill
Sleeps, folded In nigot shadows chill.
Across the heaven a cloudlet driven
Foretells the i>tlr of dawning,
The saffron flush, the roseate blush,
Announce the wakening morniDg;
Sudden, alon* the pale sea line.
The dawnlight runs, rose-red like wine.
The sleeping hill wakes with the thrill
Of sunrise warmly treading:
The shadows gray flit fas: away
Before the gold o'erspreadlnt*.
The lifting cadence of earth's voice
Ascends, as waking hearts rejoice.
Above the town the dark has flown,
White walls, red roofs, are gleaming:
Through sun-kissed air. swift seabirds fare,
To lonely uplands streaming.
Seaward, the wavelets spring to meet
The splendor of the morning's feet.
—Full Mall Gazette.
THE AUTHORSHIP OF SONGS.
As the author of "Kathleen Mavourneen"
lies dying in Baltimore, kindly efforts are
being made to soothe his last hours, and his
immortal melody rises to all lips. Now, almost
too late, the world is recollecting Crouch; but,
though the recollection is tardy, the justice
will be done his memory by linking his name
and his melody together, lie will stand as the
author of "Kathleen Mavourneen."
Yet this acknowledgment does injustice, too,
for it forgets Annii Crawford, who wrote the
ballad over a century ago; and this gives rise
to the question, \Vho is the author of a song?
Is it the author of the words or the composer
of the music?
Of course in the ordinary case the composer
gets the credit. Or sometimes, where com
poser and pott are both well known, they will
both be remembered. Bin there are certain
widely popular songs and hymns whose author
ship seems more or less defined by circum
stances. Crouch, for instance, is the author of
"Kathleen Mnvourneeu," though Anne
Crawford wrote the words. John Howard
Paine, on the other hand, is the author of
"Home. Sweet Home," though Sir Henry Bishop
adapted the music. "Jesus, Lover of My Soul,'
is far better known as Wesley's than as Pleyel's
hymn. ''From Greenland's Icy Mountains" is
Bishop Heber's hymn; the composer is well
nigh forgotten. '"'Sweet and Low" is by Ten
nyson; but the "Last Chord" is by Sullivan.
And so we might continue.
Perhaps the only test in these cases is
whether the song owes its chief vitality to
words or music. "Kathleen Mavourueen,"
unset, would not have been thought to surpass
many other similar poems. "Home, Sweet
Home." no matter if a tune had never been
found for it, would have still remained immor
tal. Yet there are instances in which, as in
"Sweet and Low," the tune is at least equal to
the words; here the fame of the poet comes
into piay. On the other hand, there are tradi
tional folk songs superior to any words that
have been set to them. But this "is a special
case.
The best thing for a man to do who wishes to
be remembered, is to write both words and
music, like Stephen Foster. Otherwise there
cannot be any real certainty for him with pos
terity.—Philadelphia Times.
England Wheeling; Into Line.
Oakland Echoes.
Even the people of Great Britain are wheel
ing into the protection column, and many of
the prominent leadars nnd officials have dis
carded the free-trade fallacy and are strenuous
advocates of the principle of protection. Since
Japan has entered the race as a manufacturing
nation, with cheap 10-cent-per-day labor, Eng
land fears ior its own manufacturers, and seif
j.rotection b ing the first law of nature, she is
wheeling into lhe protection line.
LADY'S WAIST.
The waist with vest or blouse front that ad
mits of a combination of fabrics, and of vari
ety, because this vest is removable, is a great
favorite; and when it is combined with the
coat back like the one shown here, it possesses
another special feature of the season. The
skirt back may be made separate, sewn to a
band, which admits of more variety in the
i-ame waist, as without this it is a charming
round waist.
A black dotted green taffota had frills of
lace dowu the seams of the muslin sleeves.
The revers nre also covered with black lace.
The vest was of white satin, the stock front
and frills being of black satin. The ruche in
the back was of tlie silk, a straight stripe,
stiffly crinolined, and laid in side pleats.
A waist of brown mohair had a vest of white
chiffon with a frill of lsoe down on either side.
The rovers were of white satin covered with a
spangled net.
A waist of flux-colored batiste had a vest of
white chiffon. A stock collar of violet velvet
finished the neck. A band of the same was
worn as a belt and folds of it finished the
sleeves. The deep belc was omitted in front.
The vest extends to the waist line, so the
wide belt in not used if unbecoming.
The belt at the back may be aiso omitted
without spoiling the effect. The collar is a
plain fittci one, which may oe adorned in any
way, v plain stoc'- collar of ribbon being
chosen by most women. The sleeves are the
melon shape, cut in six sections.
PEOPLE TALKED ABOUT.
J. J. Hawes of Boston, now 88 years old,
thinks that he is the oldest active photogra
pher in the United States.
Sir Francis Scott, commander of ths Ashan
tee expedition, has taken luncheon with Queen
Victoria since his return to England, and is
now one of the lions of London.
The late Russian General Tcherevin was the
founder of the Okhrana or Czar's bodyguard,
composed of men of high rank or great wealth
who were sworn to protect the person of Alex
ander IIL
Lieutenant Andre, the Swedish officer who
is to attempt to go to the north pole In a
balloon, has received applications from more
than a score of Swedish women who wish to
join him in his perilous trip.
A French newspaper publishes the following
advertisement: "M.Emile Zola of Plambeuf,
Inventor of the spring nippers, notifies his
customers that he has nothing in common
with his namesake, Emile Zola, the writer.
When Count Herbert Bismarck telegraphed
to his father, Prince Bismarck, that his latest
baby was a girl, the Prince telegraphed back:
"Have pßtience! Marie was only a girl."
Marie was the Prince's first born, and then
came two sons.
Pope Leo XIII baa presented to the Queen Re
gent of Spaiu the Palazzo Altempo in Rome,
which he purchased recently for 1,200,000
francs. The palace was formerly a monastery,
and w&b rebuilt and decorated by Cardinal
Marco Altempo.
Speaker Keed, when he was at Bowdoin Col-
lege, was a tall, lanky boy, who worked his
wny through college by teaching school dur
ing vacations. He was one of the foremost de
baters in college, and won many victories for
the Peucinian Society, to which he belonged.
His graduation oration was on "The Fear of
Death," and it won for him the first English
prize. ________ — — .
PERSONAL.
George Pearce of Santa Rosa is in town.
Dr. A. M. Gardner of Napa is in this City.
H. S. Stepbenson of Chicago is at the Cal
ifornia.
Dr. and Mrs. Thomas Flint of San Juan are at
the Grand.
I. Horton, a ranch-owner of Livermore, is at
the Grand.
T. F. Crosby, a business man of Ogden, Utah,
is in this City.
Dr. Joseph W. Yard, of Guadaloupe y Calvo,
Mex., is at the Palace.
A. J. Dryman of Redding, Clerk of Shasta
County, Is at the Rubs.
O. A. Lowe of Woodland, cashier of the Bank
of Yolo, is at the Grand.
J. W. Wood, a merchant of Pasadena, is
among recent arrivals here.
Dr. Black of Sacramento. State Superintend
ent of Schools, is at the Lick.
Joseph D. Lynch, the journalist, of Los
Angeles, arrived here yesterday.
The Rev. Father P. J. Jeram, president of the
Eden Valley Colony, is at the Russ.
A. J. Maas, a prominent merchant of Kansas
City, is staying at the Cosmopolitan.
J. S. Sedam, a wealthy resident of Denver, is
in the City, accompanied by his wife.
H. N. Seaton, the general merchant and pol
itician, of Arbuekle, arrived here yesterdey.
Williiim M. Hamilton, representing a lead
ing house of Chicago, is at the Cosmopolitan.
Scipio Craie, editor of the Redlands Citro
graph, is in the City, accompanied by feis wife.
Among the recent arrivals here is George
Ohleyer of Yuba City, proprietor of the Sutter
County Farmer.
E. M. Young, a mining and business man of
Silver City, N. M., was among yesterday's ar
rivals at the Palace.
Captain W. A. Nevills, one of the owners of
the famous Rawhide mine near Sonom, who
has operated with remarkable success in the
mother lode, arrived in this City yesterday.
Captain C. T. Church of the sloop X Ray of
Moro Bay, San Luis Obispo County, is at the
Cosmopolitan on his way to Cooks Inlet. He
joins tue Ducy party, which sails on the
steamer Albion on the 14th.
John White of New York, a noted copper ore
buyer who trades among the mountain States
and Territories, is among the recent arrivals
here. Copper has advanced so materially
lately that a mine of it is prized as highly as a
gold mine, and the demand for copper is
heavy.
G. A. Treadwell, the superintendent of the
Red Hill gold mine, Nevada City, owned by a
company at Glasgow, .-cotlaud, is at the Occi
dental. He brought down with him a large
valise containing many magnificent speci
mens of gold nuegets, leaf gold and gold in
almost any and every conceivable shupe. The
specimens were examined last night with
much interest.
William E. Gates, proprietor of the Cleve
land (Ohio) Daily Abstract, is here en route to
Japan to investigate the economic conditions
there. He wants to find out what danger the
United States may be in, if any, from the com
petition in the manufacture of goods. His
theory is that if this country would adopt free
coinage competition would, at any rate, cease
to be dangerous.
Officers of the. State Grange held its regular
monthly meeting at the Russ yesterday and
transacted routine business. Among those
present were these: W. W. Greer of Sacra
mento, master; Don Mills of Santa Rosa, sec
retary ; George Ohleyer of Yuba City, lecturer;
and. Cyrus Jones of San Jose, B. F. Walton of
Yuba City, and George P. Loucks of Pacheco,
constituting the executive committee.
Regent I. W. Heilman of the State University,
the president of the Nevada Bank and Union
Trust Company, has gone on a six months'
trip abroad. He expucts to sail from New York
April 23. It Is his first vacation in years. It was
his intention to go to Europe last year, but his
banking interests here and at Los Angeles pre
vented. He intends to put in a good deal of
vis time traveliug in the different foreign
countries.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, N. V., April 7.— The St. Paul
takes out Maurice Casey, Mrs. Casey and in
fant ana Master Maurice. Miss Patricia H.
Cosgrove is in tbe party, also Miss Katharine
Dillon, Louis Hirsch and Frank M. Brisdle.
Among recent arrivals are: Sturtevant, C.
Abbott; Ashland, C. F. yon Bergen; Hoffman,
A. Goldberg; Warwick, J. B. Roberts, Miss L.
Royce; St. Cloud, H. S. Wood; Netherland, L.
B. A^hington. Misses Ashington; Astor, O.
Blankart, W. P. Harrold, Barrett Whepselder ;
Holland, A. B. Williamson.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
"The Kernel"— W. L., City. "The Kernel"
severed his connection with The Call in 1892.
Cannot give you hi* present address.
The Brooklyn— M. E. g.. City. The ship
Brooklyn, that was owned by Samuel Bran
nan, arrived iv this City on the 31st o: July
18-iti. •"
Qveen Victoria— W. 1.., city. The height of
Queen Victoria is about 5 feet 6 inches; the
Prince of Wales is about 5 ieet BJ^ inches in
height.
Consul to Sydney— W., City. The United
States Consul to Sydney, N. S. W., is George
W. Bell, appointed from the State of Wash
ington.
Reduction of Postage— M. M., City. The
postage wns reduced from 3 to 2 cents by an
net Dassed March 2, 1883, and which weut into
effect in October of that year.
Digestion— C. J. 8., Veterans' Home, Yount
ville, Cal. It takes two hours to digest raw
eggs, three hours when they are soft-boiled
and three hours and a half when either fried
or hard-boiled; roast or stewed oysters or
clams from three hours and a quarter to three
hours and a half.
Barber-Shop Law— Barber, City. The law
requiring bßrber-shops to close at 12 o'clock,
noon, on Sundays and holidays has been tested
in the Police Court and the case, in which the
law was upheld, is on appeal in the Superior
Court. It has never been brought before the
{supreme Court of this State.
The Naval Battalion— J. j' X. , City. The
Naval Battalion is part of the National Guard
of the State of California, and the same rules
apply to joining a battalion as those which
govern the other branches of the service The
first, requisite is that the party desiring to join
Bhall !>e a citizen of me United States and that
he is physically fitted for the service. If you
desire to join send your application to the
commander of one of the companies
An Attorney's Dutt— J. d., City. If a per
son engages an attorney, entrusts him with
his business, gives him information in regard
to a case he hns pending in court, becomes dis
satisfied with him, pays him for s-ervioes ren
dered, and then hires another attorney the
first attorney would not have the riKhttoirn
into court and divulge the information he re
ceived in a professional way, and would not
dare to do such a thing unless he wanted to be
disbarred for unprofessional conduct
Cukse op Scoiland-J., City. The nine of
diamonds is called the curse of Scotland and
there are several explanations of this. 1 The
nine of diamonds, in the game of Pope Joan is
called the the anti-Christ of the Scotch
reformers. 2. In the game of commette in
troduced by Queen Mary, the nine of diamonds
is ithe great winning card, and the game was
the curse of Scotland because it was the rufn
of many families. 3. The word curse is a cor
ruptlon of cross, and the nine of diamonds is
so arranged as to form a St. Andrew 1 * nl
but as the nine of hearts would do as well ?h^
explanation is not tenable. 4. Some say that
f limb" Jse J^ * SUfe tChc£ *" " ainS "
Allcock's S
n •■- !^"^ r^lfl-StCi* 7:
fa . . B ,? AR ■in Mind— Not one of the host of counterfeits an* in»,> « ¥
¥ tions is as good as the genuine. vuuwcrxeics and unit*- V
it was on the nine of diamonds that the
"Butcher DuKe" wrote his cruel order after tne
battle of Culloden; but the term apP eßrs ., to
have been in vogue at that period, as the ladies
nicknamed Justice Clark Ormistone "The>ine
of Diamonds" (1715). 5. It is also said that it
refer* to the detesutUm entertained in Scot
land toward John Dalrymple, first Earl of
Stair, on account of his concern in the mas
sacre of Glencoe and for which he had to re
sign office in 1695. The heraldic bearing or
this individual was, "or, on a saltire azure,
nine lozenges of the field." These lozenges
resemble the nine of diamonds, hence the pop
ular phrase, "the curse of Scotland."
HUMOR OF THE HOUR.
■ "They need more men for the American
navy," said Mr. Dukane to a man who had
told him a story of misfortune, "and I think
you ought to enlist as seaman on one of the
steel cruisers. -You are particularly adapted
for such a life." ■•
'•Why?'
"You are so accustomed _to hard ships."—
Plttsburg Chronicle Telegraph.
She— Why, Charles, how can you call Miss
Janes plain? I wish I was only half as good
looking. ■,■:■-• ■■
- Ho— You are, Hattie, and you know it.—Lon
don Tit-Bits. . ' ' - .
WitLerby— l understand that you had a
birthday party at your house the other night.
Who was there? ■■--- ' ' -" :
. Piankington— doctors and a nurse.—
New York Truth. . . . . . , ,
New Yorker— l tell you, Jones is just coining
money out in Omaha. .......
Traveling,, Englishman (overhearing and
writing in notebook)— Counterfeiting is so ex
tensively practiced in the United States that
the citizens openly speak of it on the street. —
Puck. •rX'-H-v
California glace fruits, 50c lh. Townsend'a,*
■ ■ , — • — — • -
Fpkctai, information daily to manufacture:!.
business houses and public men by th« t'r«u
Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Montgomery. *.
• * • ' —
How to Secure Protection.
San Jose Mercury. . r
The sugar-planters of the South . want pro
tection, and it remains to bo seen whether
they will vote for the party that will give it to
them. _________^__^_ T .:'i»n
"I have found Hood's Pills unaqualed. I
always keep them 'a the house and recommend
them to my friends." Mrs. Vernon Upton, 73ft
Pine st., Ban Francisco, Cal. ? >''■>'
-^— » ♦ * — . ' i ' .-
Take the Northern Pacific to all points East.
Lowest rates to Minnesota and Dakota points.
Upholstered tourist-cars, Pullman palace and din
ing cars on all trains. * Two fast through train*
daily; time to Chicago shortened six hours. For
tickets and information call on T. K. Stateler, 638
Market Street, San Francisco. ■ "£~J" ' r
"Mrs. Winglow's Soothing Syrup"
Has been used over 50 years by millions of mothers
for their children while Teething with perfect sac
cess. It soothes the child, softens the gums, allays
Pain, cures Wind Colic, regulates the Bowels and
is the best remedy for Diarrhoeas, whether arising
from teething or other causes. For sale by Drag
gists in every part of the world. Be sure and aslc
for Mrs. Wlnslow's SoOihlng Syrup. 26c a bottla.
Cobona do.— Atmosphere is perfectly dry. soft
and mild, and Is entirely free from the mists com
mon further north. Round-trip tickets, by steam
ship, including fifteen days' board at the Hotel del
Coronado, $60; longer Btay $2 50 per day. Apply
1 >ew Montgomery st., San Fra-icisoa.
He Bought the Seed.
Bakersfield Callfornlan.
His mightiness Secretary Morton has at last
been dragooned into contracting for $70,000
worth of seeds for free distribution. It is dol
lars to doughnuts, though, that he will find
some way of showing his innate meanness be
fore he gets through with the business.
NEW TODAY. f
money
SAVING
PRICES
Money-Saving Dishes.
So MONEY SAVERS.
Lunch Bucket?, Coffee Pots, Cream ' Pltohera,
, Oatmeal Bowls, Custara Cups, Spooners,
Plates, Dairy Pans, Hand Basins, 00 each
ort!ior'-sc. .•;•; : v : ".:.v'..'.«iV •,;>.- ki' •-. '■■'.
100 MONEY SAVERS.
Berry Dishes, Milk Palls, Meat Dish. Dish Pans,
Mustard Pots, Vegetable Dish, Salad Dish. -
10c each or 3 fox . 25c. *j «v- \
TEA SETS.
44 Pieces complete for 12 Persons
* * Pure White, Delicate Blue. Brown and
__ filch. Gold Spray Decorations.
Money-Saving Prices, Per » e t
2-25, 2 - 2 >Bs ' 3- 00 ' 3- 75> 4 15 .
DINNER SETS. 1
00 Pieces complete for 6 Persons
Pure White, Delicate Blue, Brown and
Rich Gold Spray Decorations.
Money-Saving Prices, per set
3.65, \ .25, 4.80, 5 .00, 5 .85, 6 .50
DINNER SETS.
100 Pieces complete for 12 Persons
Pure White, Delicate Blue, Brown aad
Rich Gold Spray Decorations.
Money-Saving Prices, per set
5.50, £.50, 7.25, g.06,:p.5Q. 1Q.50
Great American ImportinE TeaCa/s
:7Z& 1344 Market st.; S. F. '
|a>^2Mai 065 Market st., S. F. :.V;
IMUi&&S 14<) Sixth it.. S. F.
gglw^PS' 017 Kearny St.. S. F.
■» 1419 Polk st,. 5. F.
" . 521 Montgomery aye., S. P.
linUfU 333 Hayes St., 5. F.
if 1 vii a, I 218 Third St.. S.F. ,'
C All liin 2008 FiUmore st., S. P. :
oAVIMII 2510 Mission st., S.F.
¥nl "**■ 3006 Sixteenth St., S. P.%*
ATAnrA 104 Second St., S.F.
STIIRrS! 3230 Mission St., S. P.
w ■ UllkU ■ 52 Market st ., s.F.
£j*v^-**=sE=a 017 Broadway, Oakland.
B&ShmJKB&ST^ 1053 Washington St., Oak* d. •
HBHMKSk i3t San Pablo aye., Oakl'd,
|2Er*?**^ 616 E. Twelfth st, Oakland.
1355 Park St., Alaineda. •
TRY OUR
Money-Savin? Prices) ' »
'at OUR / ,'4IAAa ID
Money Saving Stores) IVY Operation
MONEY SAVED EVERY DAY.
NO SPECIAL DAY.WKDN-KSDAY APRIL 8, 1896
AMUSEMENTS.
FATri^vT>- Thfatkr.— "Monte Cristo "
(AMKiRxiA Thkatkr— "The Night Clerk."
< oi.vmma 1 mkatek— "Pudd'nhead Wilson."
<RO?ro'B OrF.BA-Horrsv- — -Doris.'
3 rvoi t Otera-llousk.— • Bin* BearJ."
CKriJF.rM.— Hlph-Class Vaudeville.
Obovkr's AI.CA7A*.- "Ranch 10."
WACrONOro«THKATER i()AKI,AND)-"SlnDad."
to-morrow nJsht.
Mvnßopoi.iTAN Tfji pi. k— Mormon Tabernacle
Choir, Wednesday, April 15.
I"* ArniToKicsi— Corner of Jones and Eddy
meets — Thursday evening:, April 9, f>i!rnorina
i-strela B-liiif.iute'.
"i tro f.'oNKY Island— Grand Athletic Kxhlbi-
tion and Concert,
f E«'j uk Chi-tfh- Dally at Hatehl street,
t-ht. tlock «est cf th.o I'ark.
) «ti»i< Coast Jockey Curs.— Bam to-day.
Coursing— At Newark Park. Sunday, April 12.
—
AUCTION SALES.
By S. BABCR— TbIa day (Wednesday), Furniture
at 730 Bush street, at 1 1 o'clock.
By Frank W. Btttkhfiki.d— This day (Wed-
nesday). Saloon, a; 411 Pacific st., at 11 o'clock.
Baldwin * Hammond.— Thursday.. April . 16,
P««! Kstate. at salesrooms, 10 Montgomery street,
at 11! o'clock.
By Bovfe, Toy A Sosntab- April 14,
Real Kutate, at salesrooms, 19 Montgomery street,
i.t 12 o'clock.
By I.aymance— Saturday, April 18, Berkeley
Heal stale at 2 P. M.
CITY NEWS IN BRIEF,
Tbe commissioners for the <'alifornia Inani
mate Target Association lmvc been appointed.
••Fair Wednesday." is the predict lon issued
la«t night by Forecast Official \V. H. Hammon.
The Kadiack. a steamer 110 feet in length,
has been constructed at Alameda Point in three
ve<-k*-.
The annual election of officers was held in
the several Episcopal churches of the City last
evening.
The funeral services at the cathedral over
the remains of George R. B. Hayes were largely
attended.
Last night's social and banquet of Xl Do
rado Parlor No. 52. N. s. G. W., was a most en
joyable affair.
The defense of Nicholas Claussen. charged
with murder, has been opened. It alleges tem
porary insanity.
Emma Mayer, who was badly burned while
lighting a tire last Friday, dud from ber in
juries yesterday.
Torpedo. William Pinkerton.Schnitz. Service.
Brandy find Bailie Clicquot were the winners at
lnglesidf yesterday.
The deposition of R. T. Hardin has been
added to the papers in the suit of Lillian Ashby
against K. J. Baldwin.
The time limit in Mayor Butro'i deed of land
for Affiliated Colleges tias expired, and regents
have ftsked for extension.
The new board of directors of the Manufac
turers' and Producer*' Association eiecied offi
cers yesterday afternoon.
Judge R. C. Harrison was unanimously
elected president of the Board of Free Public
Library Trustees last night.
The Women's Christian Temperance I'nion
has instituted a new day of observance, to be
known as "Frnnchise day."'
The case of George If. Martin against the
Southern Pacific Company was before Judge
I'singertieid all day yesterday.
Richard Williams, the Custom-house In
spector, was indicted on four counts by the
I nited Stales Grand Jury yesterday.
James 11. Wilkina has received the guberna
torial appointment to the post of State Prison
Director in plate of Robert T. Devlin.
V diffpatcfa from Jere Lynch at Virginia City
Yesterday contained the iniormation that the
Hale d: Noreioss mine would open to-day.
The Grand Lodge of the Ancient Order of
United Workmen of Cnlifornia holds its nine
tt.ntli annual session in B'nai B'rith Hall.
Profossor Naphtaly Herz Imber addressed a
larjje audience last nieht in tho lerture-room
oi the Temple Kman-El on '•The Kabbala."
The Grand Castle of the Knights of the Golden
Kng!e oi California held theirannual session in
ia Hal! yesterday morning:, afternoon and
evening.
Mrs. .^usan Martin wa« too ill to appear ia
court yesterday to be arraigned for the mnrder
of her h\i-Yiand and the case was continued
till Friday.
At a conference of the labor unions'repre
sentatives aii'l 11. E. Stanford, supeiintendent
of the Parrott building, no agreement was
reached yesterday:
Regents of the University have delayed so
long in 1-eginning work on"Affiliated Colleges
-'. ■-!-■>. (XK) of the appropriation is not avail
able under the law.
Mayor Sutro declared yesterday that he was
powerlea in the boards'of City Hall Commis
sioners nnd Health because there were majori
ties solid against him.
Labor Commissioner Fitzgerald reports that
a workman named Henshaw Is In great dis
tress by reason of the non-payment of a claim
for $8 15 due him for streetwbrk.
The local health authorities have been
warned that a Chinese passenger suffering
fmm the plague left the steamer Gaelic, now on
her way to this port, at Yokohama.
A committee from the Ashbury Heights and
Btanyan-street Improvement Club will co be
fore the Railroad Commission to-day and ask
for a 3-tent fare over the City streetcar lines.
President Lelong of the State Horticultural
Society has issuea an invitation to thesocie
tv's next meeting, which will be held on the
10th inst. in the State Capitol at Sacramento.
The Spring Valley Company has decided to
a modern seven-story building on the
fitty-vara lots corner of Stockton and <7eary
streets, now occupied by the Wigwam Theater.
.ludge Morrow yesterday granted a stay of
sentence for one week in the case of Warren E.
Price, convicted in the United States District
< v.urt of sending obscene literature through
the mails.
ludge Slack has sustained the demurrer of
Thomas Asnworth, Superintendent of Streets,
to the indictment filed by the Grand Jury
•gainst him. The case has been referred back
to the Grand Jury.
A deliberate attempt of a firebug to destroy
the •'alifornia Art Metal Works, 51 Fremont
Street, on Monday nicht, was frustrated by the
timely discovery of Engineer Hibbitsof the ad-
Joining plauing-mill.
The British ship Bradloek arrived from New
castle. N. *. \V., with her cargo of coal on fire
yesterday. She was run on the flats at Sausa
iito by the tugs Vigilant and Fearless and
pumped full of water.
John Nolan, a livery-stable man, was regis
tered at the City Prison early yesterday morn
ing for battery upon Policeman P. A. Gillin,
and Frank Sullivan, his companion, for vio
lating the hack ordinance.
K. S. Pillsbury consumed the whole of yes
terday with his argument on the Railroad Com
mission ea*e. He will conclude to-day and will
be followed by Messrs. Hayne, Garber and Dis
trict Attorney Foote in the order named.
Engineers and surveyors have been started
on the Sierra Mad re Railway from near El
Paso to Mazatlan. This road is projected
through the rich mining districts of Mexico,
a:.<l will divert an enormous trade to the Pa
cific Coast.
At a joint meeting of the directors and trus
tees of the Valley road yesterday, the best
method of raising the $0,000,000 required to
complete the road was discussed, and finally
jut m the hands of a committee of six. John
Moss was appointed traffic manager.
HEW TO- DAT.
EVERY KIND
OF
HUMOR
FROM
PIMPLES
SCROFULA
Speedily «ured by Ccticciu. Resolvent,
greatest of l'amor cures, assisted externally .
by warm baths with Coticura Soap, and
gentle applications of Coticura (ointment),
the great skhs ewe, when all else fails.
Sold throarhont the »rrld, Pric«, Ccticcb*. «oe.l
PO4l. ttc.| KEsOLTEitT, ./"<.. ir > i |i. PoTTEK Ditto
axo Cbem. Cobp., Sole Propi., Bv«t<>n, L- »■ A.
Mr" How to Cure Bnqr Uam-ji," mailed fit*.
SPEAKING FOR
THE RAILROAD
Mr. Pillsbury's Argument
Occupied the Whole
of a Day.
THE RIGHT TO LEASE.
It Was Conferred Upon the Com
pany by the Terms of
the Charter.
FULLY VESTED WITH POWEB.
Authorities Cited in Cases of Corpor
alions Operating Exclusively in
Foreign Places.
The whole of yesterday was taken up by
E. S. Pillsbury of counsel for the railroad
company in arguing on the matter of the
25 j*>r cent reduction in freights made by
the Railroad Commissioners.
The gist of his argument during the
morning session was that the Southern
Pacific Company had the same rights in
this State as though it had been created
here.
He argued that foreign corporations and
State corporations were permitted to trans
act business on an equal basis, so far as
legal rights and privileges are concerned.
Mr. Pillsbury, in the afternoon, con
tinued his argument with the statement
that the Legislature of Kentucky expressly
conferred upon the Southern Pacific Com
pany the Dower to lease raiiroads outside
of the State of Kentucky. A corporation
created in any State may exercise in any
other State the general powers as con
ferred in it? charter.
"That means valid powers," interrupted
Mr. Hayne.
"What do you mean by that?" asked
Mr. PfUsbury.
"I mean powers which the Legislature
is authorized to confer upon the corpora
tion,' was Mr. Hayne's reply.
Mr. Pillsbury cited a case wherein a cor
poration was created in PZngiand to do
the business of mining in Missouri. This
was a parallel to that of the Southern Pa
cific of Kentucky, created in Kentucky for
the purpose of doing business in States
oti.er than Kentucky. Other cases were
cited in support of the same proposition.
Mr. Hayne interrupted the counsel with
the question: "Was there a positive pro
hibition against carrying on business in
its home place?" Mr. Hayne asked this
question because the charter granted to
the Southern Pacific by the Legislature of
Kentucky prohibited* that corporation
from doing business in the State of Ken
tucky.
Mr. Pillsbury's reply was tnat in the
case of the mining company incorporated
in Great Britain the prohibition to do
Business in that country was not expressed
in the charter, but was'found in the gen
eral laws of the country. The Southern
Pacific, he argued, is controlled by the
Jaws of the several States in which ii'does
business and not by its cnarter in that
respect.
Opinions of the Supreme Court were
read to the effect that a company could be
leually incorporated in Massachusetts to
go into the business of raising cotton in
South America or cocoanuts and bananas
in the South Sea islands.
Mr, Hayne was obdurate. It was evi
dent that Mr. Pillsbury's argument had
not psychologized him, and "he broke in
again with, ''Suppose the charter pro
vided that the corporation could do no
business in its own State?"
"That is entirely irrelevant to this case,"
responded Mr. Pillsbury. with a smile.
"I have been for some years educating
you in the law, and I don't care to resume
the task just now."
"Very well," retorted the imperturbable
Hayne, "if you don't want to commit
your>elf on that point I won't press you."
Mr. Pillsbury went on with his argu
ment to the 'effect that the Southern
Pacific Company had a right to lease a
railroad in California or any other State
than Kentucky, provided that the laws of
the State of California and of other States
would permit it to do so. If the charter
authorizes a railroad corporation to build
railroads in another State it could do that
if not prohibited by the laws of that State.
Here Mr. Hayne got in another inter
ruption. He asked:
"Would that imply the power to lease?"
" The power to do a banking business,"
replied Mr. Pillsbury, "implies the power
to lease a place in which to do the busi
ness of banking."
"You don't answer my question," re
marked Mr. Hayne. frigidly.
At this point Judge McKenna inter
posed with the remark that he thought
there were too many interruptions. Mr.
Hayne would have an opportunity of re
plying in due time to the counsel's argu
ment, added the court. He misrht ask
questions, but not carry on a cross fire of
argument with the opposing counsel.
Mr. Pillsbury called attention to the
fact that the lease does not cover a con
tinuous system from San Francisco to
New Orleans or New York, because there
was a break in Texas. He denied that the
Sunset route and the Central Pacific were
not competing roads, because the latter
did not extend beyond Ogden and had no
control of the rates of freights and passage
oeyond mat point.
"Then, in order to be a competing road,
it must go clear across the continent '!"
suggested District Attorney Fitzgerald.
"A competing road is one which star's
from the sam^ terminal and ends at the
came terminal as another road," was Mr.
PiJlsbury's definition.
In response to a question by the court
Mr. PiJlsbury said that the Southern Pa
cific ol Kentucky receives from the Cen
tral Pacific all over 6 per cent on its capi
tal stock.
"Does the lessee do the carrying?" in
quired Mr. Hayne.
"Of course it does," said Mr. Plllsbfuy.
"Then, why,' asked Mr. Hayne, "should
the lessee get a share from the other?"
"If the Southern Pacific of Kentucky
sees lit to lease this read and operate it, it
has a right to take a certain percentage of
its earnings for that purpose," was Mr.
Pillsbury's explanation.
In illustrating a point in his argument
the speaker said: -'Suppose, for illustra
tion, that the San Joaquin Valley road
that is being built was completed from
Stockton to Visalia, it would be inhibited.
if a combination cr an agreement should
be made between tho.se roads by which
there should be an artificial division of
the business.
"They could not make an arrangement
that at the end of the month it should be
considered that one had carried so much
and the other to much, and that on the
basis of a tariff for that business one
should receive a proportionate amount of
the money earned. Suppose that for the
purpose of convenience the Southern Pa
cific of California desired to operate that
road as part of a through line and should
send its freight business over that road,
and that it would be allowed to get a cer
tain percentage of all the freight collected
in California, they would have a right to
do that in law if it was done for a lawful
purpose."
The speaker then went on to discuss the
bias of the Railroad Commissioners in
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY. APRIL 8, 1896.
having pledged themselves to reduce the
rates 25 per cent horizontally. He said
that that action had rendered the commis
sion powerless to act impartially between
ihe people and the railroad. The idea that
a man being pledged in advance to a cer
tain course could act fairly and do justice
as between two parties was inconsistent
and preposterous.
"What, can be said," he asked, "of the
fairness and impartiality of a Commis
sioner who has announced in advance
what his action will be? Can any one say
that the jrentletuan who had taken that
pledge could be independent and free to
act according to the dictates of his con
science? Suppose that he refused to carry
out that pledge, would he not be con
demned by the people and the press of the
State?"
On this point the speaker was reading
authorities to prove that the taking of
a pledge was fatat to the validity of the
acts of a commission when the hour of
adjournment arrived.
It i? expected that Mr. Pillsbury will
conclude his argument to-day. He will be
followed by Messrs. Hayne, Garber and
United States District Attorney Foote in
the order named.
The case will probably consume the rest
of this week.
GOLDEN EAGLE KNIGHTS
Their Grand Castle Meets and
Elects Officers for the
Year.
The Business Brought to a Close at
Night With a Banquet in
A'cazar Hall.
The Grand Castle of the Knights of the
Golden Eagle of California held its annual
session yesterday morning, afternoon and
evening in Coloma Hall, Native Sons'
building.
The morning and atternoon meetings
were business sessions at which the reports
of various officers were received.
The order was found to be in a flourish
ing condition both financially and numer
ically.
The report of the national order showed
an increase to 100,000 and that the order
Thomas A. McGowan, Newly Elected Grand Chief of the Grand Castle of Cali
fornia, K. G. K.
was still rapidly growing. The strong
holds of the organization were Philadel
phia and Baltimore. Philadelphia alone
had a membership of 45,000.
The newly elected officers are:
firand chief. T. A. McGowan; grand vice
chief, N. L. Rose; grand high priest, F. T.
Morrelle; grand master records, George B.
Hnnna; grand keeper exchequer, Daniel Nor
cross; grand sir herald, C. A. King; grand
first guardsman, A. D. Cheshire; grand sec
ond guardsman, R. L. Kohr; supreme repre
sentative, U. A. Lewir,.
For service-* rendered the organization
the honors of past chief were conferred on
J. B. Hollingsworth of No. 7. Los Anireles;
L. Wickstrom, No. 1, California; W. G.
Wright of Pacific No. 10 and T. J. Barnes
of Live Oak No. 4. The honors of past
grand chief were conferred on W. O. Mac
dougall ot California No. 1.
For district grand chiefs the following
appointments were made:
Niipa and vicinity, G. D. Secord; Angels and
vicinity, B. G. Warrington; Pomona and
vicinity, E. Henderson; Stockton and vicinity,
J. Kelly.
The grand instructors were appointed as
follows:
San Francisco and vicinity, \V. O. Mac
douEall; Los Angeles and vicinity, J. 8.
Buskirk ; Angels and vicinity, L. J. Hutehin
son; Stockton and vicinity, H. H. Bolly;
I'omona and vicinity, T. J. Barnes.
The following are the various standing
committees for the new year:
Law— W. K. Noreross, .1. W. Van Horn, H.
Atkins. R. L. Kohr, W. J. Kidd.
Finance and mileage— J. W. Gnlhraith, W. O,
Macdougall, F. E. Uathurs, W. C. Lohrneyor, L.
A. Baonden.
Printing— George B. Hanna, Samuel McCall,
H. A. Chase.
Returns and credentials— J. S. Buskirk, D. N.
Hanna, V. E. White.
Appeals — E. Henderson, D. N. Hanna, T. F.
Laird, S. H. Duncan, B. L. Palmountain.
In the evening all the officers elecied
during the afternoon were installed. The
grind body will not meet again until the
first Thursday in April. 1898.
The Pacific Castle entertained the grand
officers at the Alcazar building. Many of
the visiting delegates took their wives and
daughters with them, and a very enjoyable
time was had. Toasts were given and
speeches made.
The visitors, are being entertained by
residents of this City, and express the
highest admiration for the sights seen and
their cordial reception.
Charged With a Felony.
Harry Wilson, 23 years of age, who snys he
is a salesman, was charged at the City Prison
last night by Detectives ligan and Silvey with
obtaining goods by false pretenses. In Sep
tember last he went to the California Optical
Company, 317 Kearny street, representing that
he was in the employment of the star Jewelry
Company, and obtained $03 worth of goods,
which he sold and appropriated the proceeds
to his own uses and purposes. Yesterday he
was arresied by Policemnn Silver and Hutch
ing 1 ? for petty larceny, and when taken to the
City Prison Egan and Silvey recognized him.
Stole an Oven Door.
Ah Yong, a Chinese servant, was arrested yes
terday afternoon on Larkin street by Police
man Chase on the charge of petty larceny. He
had been employed by Mrs. Vau Dusen* Van
Ness avenue, but after four days' trial he quit
work. When he demanded his money she told
him she would see about it and he deliberately
tore off the door from the kitchen stove and
walked away with it, telling the astonished
lady that she could have it back on paying him
his wages. The oven door is heid as evidence.
■■ ' — «- ' » ' » / .. - ' '; ".
Got any ear or tooth ache in yours? Mitchell's
Magic Lotion will surprise you. •
DR. IMBER ON KABBALISM
Mystic Lore Held by Only
Thirty-Six Men in the
World.
MASTERS OF LIFE BUT HIDDEN.
Wisdom Handed Down From Adam
aud Preserved by Unselfish
Souls for Good.
Professor Naphtaly Herz Imber, one of
the thirty-SUt masters of the Kabbala,
told something about the faith that was
in him last evening in the lecture-room of
the Temple Emanu-Kl to an aDpreeiative
audience, less than one-half of which was
composed of Hebrews and the remainder
of Gentile theosophists with but few ex-
ceptions.
The professor is a slender, undersized
man with a very swartny complexion,
black eyes with fierce red blood vessels
where the whites should be. His lecture
upon the Jvahljala was of a rambling na
ture, made up chiefly of attacks upon
astrology, the Theoaophical Soriety and
spiritualism, with a eooa word for that
prince of fakirs, Count Cagliostro, physi
cian and astrologer.
But the Kabbaiist is a good-humored lit
tle man, and takes great delight in inti
mating that he is one of the mystic thirty
six to whom has been imparted the hidden
meaning of the Book of Kaballa, which
treats of the occult forces of nature and
the power of the invigorated human wilt
upon them.
Rabbi Voorsanger introduced the speaker
with a speech which for cleverness and
snap would cau?e Chauncey Depew to hide
his diminished head behind the tails of his
clawhammer coat. The rabbi announced
that the subject was one "of which you
know nothing, and I know nothing, but of
which the gentleman who is about to ad-
dress you claims to know a good deal.
This subject has never been discufsed in
San Francisco before, and it may not be
discussed hereafter."
The professor, with a foreign accent
rough enough to break up old scrap iron,
begun his lecture with the expression of
his surprise on beholding "such a noble
audience; the cream of society here." He
then proceeded to demolish astrology,
which he did to his own satisfaction very
neatly. When Napoleon Bonaparte was
born, thousands of other children came
into the world at the same moment of
time and under exactly the same planet
ary influences, yet only one of them
turned out to be a famous general, and that
was Bonaparte. Thousands of children
wen 1 born at the same moment as the Bard
of Avon, yet there lias been only one
William Shakespeare. These and other
examples, the speaker alleged, were suf
ficient to show that the claims of astrology
were impossible and nonsensical.
The professor blamed the Blavatskyan
theosophists for advocating the idea of re
incarnation. According to the professor
every human being when born is an angel,
and he becomes bad because of bis evil
environment. That being so, bow can he
become better by leaving the spiritual
world and reincarnating himself among
the same evil surroundings? The proposi
tion was absurd, he said. The Buddhists
say that once in every (5000 years a god is
reincarnated for the purpose of lifting up
humanity. That is the true theosopby.
The word Kabbala, the professor ex
plained, meant tradition received or ac
cepted. "The Book of Creation" was the
first book. It was by the Patriarch Abra
ham taught to Melchisedek, King of Salem.
It consists of a booklet of only four pag s
in the Hebrew language. The book was
an open secret, he said, the highest con
ception of wisdom. He who would under
stand it must have received the wisdom
from some one qualified to receive it and
to read between the lines. The other
books of the Kabbala were in the Chaldeau
tongue.
Tradition pays that the Kabbala was
handed down from Adam to his sons and
thence down to Abraham, Adam had no
theaters to attend, no cards to play, and
he had nothing to do but to asK, "Why
am I here?" and to think about the na
ture and the cause of his surroundings.
Among the Kabbalistic books of recent
origin, the speaker explained, was one by a
rabbi who was born in Egypt 400 years
ago. He was an ascetic, ana taught that
in order to attain spirituality it was neces
sary to subjugate the passions and the ap
petites of tlie Mesh.
The next Kabbalist was a rabbi who lived
a century ago. He did not preach nor
practice * asceticism, but said: "God
Almighty is more pleased when I smoke
my long pipe tnan he is with the prayers
of a hundred rabbis." He performed
many wonders and was persecuted by the
other rabbis. He did not write a iine, but
handed down his wisdom to Jacob Joseph.
The professor then went on to describe
the idea of the Kabbala as concentration of
mind.
•'lf I miss a square meal," he said, "I
feel a hole in my heart, but if I should re
ceive a telegram stating that 1 had won
$100,000 in a lottery I would forget to eat
or drink anything for three days. On the
other hand, if I should receive a telegram
that my father was dead I would be utterly
crushed down. Mind is everything; the
body nothing."
The professor informed his hearers that
the discovery of the Roentgen or X ray
was predicted in one of the ancient Kab
baiistic books, which announced that in
Jewish year 5556 "the new light would be
found." The date corresponds with 1896
of the Christian chronology.
The dreams of the Kabbaiist are an in
sight into the future.
"You must bear in mind," added the
professor, "that in the KabDala what will
be is already in existence. Its development
is only a matter of time.' r
He then said that he had predicted the
defeat of the Italian army in Africa and
that his prediction was published in an
African paper before the news reached the
civilized world.
The apparently wonderful things done
by the fakirs in India were due to hyp
notic power, he said, lie did not propose
to give his audience any manifestations of
his own power. He would not call in the
spirits as one would call in a dog with
"Come In Jack," and "That wiJl do now;
go away. Jack."
"If my father who loved me could come
back I assure you lie would be with me
three times a day, but the spirits have
other obligations than of this earth, other
masters and other laws to fulfill.'
He next told of the Kabbaiist masters,
who were thirty-six men in all the world
possessing the secret knowledge. They
were scattered through the haunts of men,
and when one of them was about to die he
imparted the knowledge to some disciple
worthy to receive it, anu thus there were
always thirty-six men in the world, never
more nor never less, who were masters of
the Kabbala. When one of these thirty
six becomes known to the people he must
die or disappear and go to some other
place.
When the speaker was thirteen years old
he often went to the synagogues* to pray
and meditate in solitude. There ne met a
Kabbaiist who told young Imber that he
wanted to impart to him the mystery of
the Kabbala, because he was going to die
and his place should be rilled. Alter giv
ing the boy four weeks' of instruction the
Kabbaiist died.
Young Imber went to Jerusalem, and
although be had never studied Hebrew he
wrote in that language. His explanation
of this gift of tongues was that words are
matter, and that the air of Palestine was
and had been vibrating for thousands of
years with Hebrew words. Knowing the
mystery of nature he heard these words
and wrote the language fluently. Al
though he had never been to school the
words came to him.
Rabbi Yoorsanger followed with a few
remarks to the effect that the Kabbala was
strictly speaking the metaphysics of Israel,
the gnosticism of Egypt.* He believed
that Professor lmber had misrepresented
the theosjphists.
THE FLORAL SHOW.
Editor Harrison Gray Otis on the Won-
•In b to Be Presented at Los
Angeleg.
Colonel Harrison Gray Otis, editor of
the Los Angeles Times, who is at the Oc
cidental, says that great preparations are
being made in the southern metropolis for
the forthcoming flower show. He thinks
it will surpass anything of the kind hith
erto given and thousands of people are ex
pected, not only from the different cities
in California, but iroui all over the Coast
nd the East.
The $25,000 set aside for the floral dis
play is all being used and, more than this,
large sums will be expended by private
citizens in decorating their homes, thus
adding to the display. The city, in fact,
is expected to be transformed into a beauti
ful bower of roses.
Los Angeles has many visitors there al
ready who will remain "till the great floral
display and accompanying fetes are over.
Tne other towns of Southern California
are also well liliea with peopie who intend
to be present.
Colonel Otis thinks the floral show will
be a marvelous thing in the variety of the
novelties presented. He is enthusiastic
over it. The colonel also says politics is
growing Interesting in the south. He is
for William McKinley and is of the opin
ion that he ought to be the coming man.
Editor Otis, woo came np largely to at
tend the Dopew dinner, will remain for a
day or two.
TO ELECT DIRECTORS.
An Important Meeting of the Southern
Pacific Stockholders to Be
Held To- Day.
General Hubbard of New York, who rep
resents the Hopkins-Searles interest in
the Southern Pacilic Railroad Company,
arrived here yesterday to be present at trie
stockholders' meeting of that company to
day. He came in a private car, accom
panied by William Neahl, his private sec
retary, and two friends, General Francis
Fesaenden and \V. H. Bridgeraan.
At the meeting of the Southern Pacific
Company stockholders to-day -the direct
ors for the ensuing year will be elected
and reports will be presented of the past
year's ljusiness of the corporation. It is
expected that the stringent measures for
economy adopted by the management will
show their efficacy in the dividends that
wili be declared.
Kuruora have been current that General
Huhbard will join forces with the Stan
ford interests with a view to being elected
president, but those who claim to be well
posted aver that President C. P. Hunting
ton will have no opposition for the office
he now holds, as the stockholders are well
satisfied with his management.
J. C. Stubbs, now third vice-president,
it is expected, will be elected second vice
president, the office left vacant since the
death of A. N. Towne, and the position of
third vice-president abolished. A successor
to the late Secretary Lansing will also be
appointed.
Sentence Postponed*
Warren E. Price, the bookseller, convicted of
sending obscene literature through the mails,
was not sentenced yesterday, as was expected.
On the application of his attorney, G. B.
Haskell, a stay of judgment for one week was
granted by Judge Morrow.
A Sudden Death.
Isaac Strauss, a waiter 28 years of age, died
suddenly at his residence, <>24 Post street, last
evening. Jt is presumed that death resulted
from heart disease. The body was removed to
the Morgue.
Another Fender Test.
J. E. Hall has extended an invitation to the
Supervisors to be present on Saturday morning
next at 10:H0 o'clock to witness a test of a new
fender. The trials will take place at Twenty
ninth and Mission streets.
NEW TO-DAY.
Comfort in
**= Bicycling
In every part a bicy must ■ T\ .
be adjustable so as to fit the
varying conditions of human "fc^u
anatomy. .No bicycle so "-""^ U
fully meets this requirement as the ■
STAN PUR D OF THE WORLD
4BfggygWgOa Columbia saddles are
the standard of com-
s £* s *' . ,-' fort, and the Colum-
■ bia adjustable handle- .
bar is the standard of rigid, quick-adjusting
completeness.
Columbias in construction and SI OO
to II alike
POPE IAHUFACTURIJG COMPANY,
344 POST STREET.
COLUMBIA CYCLERY,
1970 PAGE ST., NEAR STAN VAN,
CHURCH WARDENS ELECT
Annual Selection of Officers
Made by the Episco
palians.
THE OLD AND NEW VESTRYMEN
Rights of Women of the Church to
Vote and Hold Office Not
Raised.
The annual election of vestrymen and
trustees of the ten Episcoral churches of
the City was held last night.
According to church law the officers of
the church must Ufe elected on the first
Tuesday after Easter. In the East the
elections are generally held at high noon,
but the only church here which obeyed
that custom was Grace church..
All the others did their voting in the
evening, with the following result:
Grace Cathedral— Lloyd Tcvis. \V. H. Crocker,
J. C. Johnson, N. T. James, L. M. Ringwalt, G.
P. Woodward, A. B. McCreary, William Mint
zer, R. J. Wilson, Kirkhf.m Wright, Elliot Mc-
Allister, George H. Hook.
St. Luke's— Henry T. Scott, Sidney M. Smith,
Henry L. Davis, W. D. Clark. Dr G.H. Powers,
Robert B. Foreman, L. F. Montcagle, Henry B.
Bine.
St. John's— David Brown. J. A. Cameron, F.
11. Eiohbaum, Joseph L. King. B. McKinne,
James Kolph Jr., F. L. Southack, F. \V. Van
Reynegom, P. T. M. Wnte, Henry K. White Jr.,
Henry F. Williams. E. D. Milliard.
St. Peter's— H. J. Graven, Alexander Gray,
C. P. Sickman,. Samuel Drake, tieorge Cuthbert,
Frank Sellwood, William 11. Medina.
Church of the Advent— Rev. J. A. Emery,
Colonel G. H. Mendell, Ira D. Thompson,
Livingston Gilson, K. T. Morris, T. G. Pack ham,
A. 11. Waupramaii, H. L. Sloss Jr., J. W. Allaire,
William Tucker.
Trinity Church— George E. Walk, W. E.
Dean, J. F. Houghton, W. 11. Taylor, \V. Mayo
Newhall, E<hvard L. Eyre, S. L. Abbot Jr.,
Montgomery Godley, Wiliiam B. Hooper.
It vras thought the question of women
holding otfice In tho church would come
up tor discussion, but it did not.
The action of the last convocation bear
ing ou the subject matter is bar.ily rel
evant inasmuch as there were no candi
dates or the gentler sex.
The (juestion did not come up in any of
the churches, and Trinity, which is in
corporated under the iState law, providing
that only male members shall vote and
hold office, held its election first as a cor
poration and afterward as a parish.
MR. BOWERS' WORKMEN.
The Labor Bureau Appealed To by Un
paid Employes.
The American Exchange embroglio,
which has kept the State Bureau of L,abor
Statistics busy for some days, developed
few new features yesterday. Bowers, the
contractor, displays some degree of resent
ment against Commissioners Fitzgerald
and Dam, but thus f:ir has not visited the
bureau, though both commissioners say
they are ready to receive any statement he
may wish to" make to them. Yesterday
moinin« Bowers paid some of his work
men 50 cents on the dollar, and about
thirty of them appeared before the Labor
Commissioners, asking that some effort
be made to have the claims adjusted in
full. All parties are awaiting the action
of Justice Groezmger, in whose court the
cases of Tyler and MacDermott. who have
sued Bowers for wages, are being tried.
Deputy Commissioner Dam wishes to
deny in the most emphatic manner a
rumor to the effect that he is animated by
ill feelings in Bowers' regard on account
of an old personal grudge. He affirms
that he has never met Bowers personally
and has had no dealings of any kind with
him.
NEW TO-DAT.
m Trick
Pt\ At all to get
& VA good, honest,
\3L well-made, long-
Jra3 wearing Shoes ii
rw^ you Insist on
Tl having those
SS^ BUCKINGHAM
i~il| & HECHT
fe'^* stamped on the
\£ ? sole. It's a
y^ctrV. Iv^. guarantee of
/ *~\*f~"'''P\ quality and of
I >-^oSsL V Home Manufac-
\f lure> If y° ur
\ -7 ealer does not
keep them send
Kast's 738-740 Market St.
NEW TO-DAT— AMUSEMENTS.
GROVER'S ALCAZAR.
MATINEE TO-DAY-WEDNESDAY . -POP."
Very Great Success of the Favorite
"R-A.2^OH 1O."
Production Superlative!— Cast Vnequaled!
PRICES— 15c, 25c. Nlght-lOc, 15c, 25c, 35c.
Monday— "CAD THE TOMBOY."
THE AUDITORIUM.
Fbikdlanubr, Gottlob&Co.. Lelseei&ilanagers
TO-MORKOW NIOHT REMEMBER, THE
FIRST OF THE
3 GRAND CONCERTS 3
NHiXOKUI KSTREL4 BELIMWE
(Blind), Italy's Greatest Operatic Contralto.
HERR ANTON SCHOTT,
MR. ARTHUR FICKENSCHER.
Reserved seats 50c. 75c and fl, now. on sale at
Sherman.' Clay & \.o. 's Music-store.
COURSING AT NEWARK PARK.
THE INTERSTATE COURSISG CLUB
' — WILL, HOLD—
A GRAND COURSING TOURNAMENT
IN THE ABOVE PARK !■
ON SUNDAY NEXT, tHe 12th of April.
Trains for the Park leave ferries at 8:15 a.m.
Sunday and return at 6i 1 M.
" '• xt t, i- R - DIC KSOX, Secretary.
n I. H. Rossetkk, Treasurer.
SUTRO BATHS
*' PLEASURE GROUNDS.
Firth Wheel, Mirror Mare, Haunted
Swing and Punch and Judy always in
• Operation on Marry Way. Concerts
every Saturday and Sunday by
First Infantry Kegiinent, N. G. C, Band.
General Admission . '.'. ..' .. . . :...'.; . .. 10 cents
Chi1dren.......... ; fr cents
SHOOT THE CHUTES
AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
r,t£RKLSP 1O 5 (Adults) 1O CENTS.
CHILDREN-ADMISSION, 6c: CHUTES, sc.
Ladies-Chutes, Week-Day Afternoons, sc.
SEW TO-PAT.'
Dining tables galore!
89 different patterns for
you to look at now and
more coming every day.
At the top you see a table
that $8 will buy; and a right
good table, too.
Square posts, fluted : ornamental braces (help to
make the table strong, besides to look at.) An*
tique finish, polished.
: It comes in two sizes: •
6 feet long, *8.
8 feet Ions:, 810.
Carpets . Rugs . Mattings
CALIFORNIA
FURNITURE COMPANY
(N. P. Cole & Co.)
117-123 Geary Street.
NEW TO-DAY— AMUSEMENTS.
LAST PERFORMANCES OF
The Favorite Actor,-
m m r es O'ISTEIUjIj
Tonight. Friday and Saturday,
MONTE CRISTO.
Thursday...: I\ HAMLET
Sat. Mat. and Sun. night. ..COURIER OF LYONS
EXTRA.
MONDAY NEXT, APRIL 13.
RICHARD MMSFIELD
HEW YORK (URR;CX THEATER CD.
Entire Firs t Week BEAU MM KM.
Second ■) "THE STORY OF RODIAN,"
r -"PRINCE -KARL,' 1
Week ) "JEKYLL AND HYDE." •
SEATS FOR 2 FIRST WEEKS READY
TO-MORROW (THURSDAY)
AT REGULAR PRICES.
WTHEATftS, >"**-
I A I TO-NIGHT I A '
I DAILY I TO-NIGHT- — I XIOHTLYI
DAILY AND Mr.HTI.V
11111 I ALL THE WEEK. Hit! 1
" ER DAI LEY
In John J.'McN ally's Grpatest Laughing Success,
THE NIGHT CLERK.
COMPANY SUFKKB! PUODUCTIOX
. rmCDLAnOLSU-OTTLOD « o»- itau aid rurufl Wi •• •
EVERYBODY " THEIR
IS THUMB
TRYING MARKS
And Everybody Wants to see
THE GREAT PLAY OF THE CENTURY.
Mark Twain's "Pudd'n'head Wilson"
By the Eminent Actor,
FRANK MAYO
AND HIS EXCELLENT COMPANY.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE
Mrs. kstink Kremno, Proprietor it Manager
—A TRIUMPH!-
EVERY EVENING!— —
Our Easter Spectacular Extravaganza,
"BLUE BEARD!"
G-lEIIE.A.T CAST. >
BEAUTIFUL, SCENERY!
GORGEOUS COSTUMES!
ENTRANCING BALLETS!
The Latest Terpsichorean Novelty.
"RAYS OF LIGHT!"
Whole Show an Oriental Dream of Loveliness. .
Popular Prices— 2sc and sOc.
MOROSCO'S
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
The Handsomest Family Theater In America,
WALTER MOKOSCO, Sole Lessee and Manage
THIS EVENING AT EIGHT,
Robert Drouet's Masterpiece,'
"DORIS!"
First Appearance of the Great Leading Actress,
•- MISS LISLE LEIGH.
An Unparalleled Cast ! A Great Play.
Svinixo Pricej— 2sc and 513.
family Circle and Oallerv. 10a
Usual Matinees Saturday and Sunday.
ORPHEUM.
OTarrell Btrret, Between Stockton aa 1 Pn-w%\\
TO-NIGHT AND DURING THE WEEK.
A Brilliant Array of Sew People!
ELENA LEILA, ROSIE KENDEL*
LA BELLE CARMEN,
mi;^ ADONIS AMES,
SEGOMMER,
THE MARVELLES,
BRUET AND RIVIERE,
THE NAVVNS, Etc., Etc.
Reserved seats. 25c; Balcony, 10c; Opera cn»tn
and Box seats. 50c.
METROPOLITAN TEMPLE.
FIVE GRAND CHORAL CONCERTS.
[MORMON j
" TABERNACLE CHOIR.
—175 VOICES
Commencing , WEDNESDAY NIGHT,
April 15, to Sunday Night, April 19.
NO MATINEES.
Sale of Season Tickets now open at Sherman,
Clay <ft C'o.'s. Prices— Season seats. $5 and 94.
• Single reserved seat sale begins Thursday, April
9. Prices 91 50 and 1. -
PACIFIC COAST
JOCKEY CLUB
(Ingleside Track).
FIVE OR MORE RACES DAILY.
■ (RAIN OR SHINE.)
FIRST RACE AT 2:00 P. H.
ADMISSION 91.00.
Take Southern Pacific trains at Third and Tow*
send streets Depot/leaving at 12:40 and 1:15 p. K.
Fare for round trip, including admission to grand
stand, 91. Take Mission-street electric line direct :
to track.
A. B. SPRKCKELSk W. a. I.EAKE,
freiiuent. 6»cretar/.
78
BETWIXT FLAMES
AND EXPLOSIONS
Narrow Escape From De
struction of the Ship
Bradloch.
HER HATCHES BLOWN UP
The Coal Caught Fire and the
Escaping Gas Went Off
Like Cannon.
BOATS GOT EEADY TO LOWER.
Tugs Went to the Rescue and Ran
toe Vessel on the Sausalito
Mud Flats.
With smoke pourine out of her mizzen
hatch and detonations from the exploding
gas )n her held occurring at regular inter
vals the British ship Bradloch was rushed
into port yesterday afternoon by the tug
Vigilant. On one occasion a particularly
heavy explosion sent the flames shooting
up into the main rizging, and for a mo
ment it seemed as though the sails would
catch h're. They had not dried out after
Scene on the Deck of the Burning Ship When the Tugs Fearless and Vigilant Had Succeeded in Turn
ing Ten Streams of Water Into Her Main and After Holds.
the wetting they received in a gale a few
days previously, and in consequence were
slow to ignite. Before any great damage
was done the crew had rushed aloft and
extinguished tho flames.
It was a race against the flames, and as
soon as Captain Randall got within hail
ing distance of Point Lobos he set the
signal "0" in the risking, and five minutes
later the big tug Fearless was racing down
the bay to render assistance.
No. 6 is the private signal of the Spreck
els tugboat line, and it means, "I want
assistance; send the Fearless."
When the second tug arrived it was de
cided to take the burning ship to Sausa
lito. There she was run close inshore and
inside of twenty minutes the Vigilant had
two stx-inch streams and the Fearless
eight two-inch streams pouring into the
hold of the Bradloch. The big wrecking
pump on >he Fearless was not used, as it
was thought better not to till the ship up
too quickly. She gradually sank into the
soft mud and by midnight all danger was
over. This morning the work of pumping
her out began and it is expected that by
noontime she will be at anchor in the
ttream.
The Bradiocb is from Newcastle, N. S.
W., and is loaded with Cardiff Colliery
coal. She \3 the third vessel that has
come to grief owing to the same kind of
cargo, and the chances are that the Ameri
can ship C. F. Sargent, hot loading at the
game mine, will not be insured. The Hol-
Jinwood was the first to suffer. Soon after
sha sailed for San Fraucisco her coal
caught tire and she was compelled to put
into Lyttleton, New Zealand, and dis
charge a portion of the smoldering coal.
She sailed again on February 8 last and
will be anxiously looked for.
The British bark Alexandra also loaded
the same kind of conl and she was towed
into p )rt on March 23 by ttie tug Fearless
■with her cargo blazing. She was run on
the Mission mud Hats and the fire drowned
out. Now comes the Bradloch with the
same coal and tlin underwriters are dis
gusted. Captain Metcalf, who boardt-d the
vessel soon after bhe was run on the mud
flats at Sausalito, remarked : "This will
settle Cardiff Colliery coal. I think the in
surance men will "bar it in the future.
Three fires inside of three months is a lit
tle too high an average. In all three in
stances the underwriters have come off
very lucky; but of course no one can tell
when a ship and cargo will go. This coal
is from a new seam, and there is too much
sulphur in it and too much danger of spon
taneous combustion."
While the Bradloch was being towed up
the bay the crew was engaged m removing
their effects and provisions from the life
boats. Monday last they were only eighty
miles west of San Francisco, and when the
cargo caught tire and the ventilator lids
began to pop off and the decks to heave
with every explosion, they thought it was
time to prepare for emergencies. The
bouts were accordingly provisioned and
pot ready for lowering, and it was not
until the Golden Gate was entered that
the men were satisfied that all danger was
p:i«ed. Then they went quietly to the
galley and got some food, having eaten
nothing for twenty-four hours.
"Taking it nil in all," said one of the
apprentice boy*, "it has been the worst
voyage I haveVver made. We had nothing
bat contrary winds from the day we left
fcewcasue, and duriug tlie sijty-iive days
Th; Tug Vigilant, Captain Clem Randall, Hiking Up the Burning British Ship Bradlock Off the Farallon Islands.
we have been out we lost about fifty-three
sails. Nearly a sail a day, wasn't it? On
Friday latt it blew from "all points of the
compass at once, and our deck was con
stantly full of water. Had the rnizzen
hatch blown off at that time we would all
have gone to Davy Jones' locker sure pop.
"Before that, however, "Chips' had gone
below and reported that the cargo had
heated. Every precaution was taken. It
was no use, however, and Tuesday morn
ing the culmination came. All night long
we boys could not go near our room, and
when the 'old man' would call for some
body to come aft he would have to make
a rush through the smoke in order to
escape being suffocated. The smell of the
sulphurous gas was overpowering and gave
all oi us a headache. All niarht" long the
explosions kept going off like miniature
cannons and sometimes the decks would
five a heave and everybody would make a
rash for the boats. Of course it's all right
now (he was munching a big piece of hard
tack and salt beef and drinking a tin cup
ful of coffee without milk) but when that
hatch blew off and went sailing out to sea
I tell you it was no laughing matter."
It was hard work to get a word with
Captain David Kiddie, as his time was
taken up nearly all the afternoon with
Captain Metcalf of the Marine Under
writers. He was worn out, but gave the
following account of the trip:
"We sailed from Newcastle, N. S. W., ou
January 31 last, and had strong southeast
winds to latitude 30 south, longitude 170
west. We then had light variable winds
to the equator, which we crossed on
March 11. W,e then took the northeast
trades and carried them to latitude 29
north, loneitude 172 west. On April 3we
ran into a heavy south-southeast gale, and
three days later I discovered that, smoke
was coming out of the after hatch. An
hour later all the ventilator covers were
blown off. Everything was then battened
down, but on the 7th inst., at 4a. m., the
after hatches were blown off and the cover
of the lazarette went sailing through the
cabin. The hatches we lost, but the
lazarette cover was put back in place and
shored down to prevent another escapade
on its part.
"After we had covered up the after
hatch there was another explosion and
the canvas caught fire, and the flame?
shot op as high as the main yard. I
ordered the two quarterboats supplied
with provisions and water and lowered
them over the side, as there were explo
sions occuring every minute. At day
break we sighted the Farallones and then
we all began to hope. At 10 a. m. it was
almost a dead calm, and when Pilot
Freeman came on board I did not know
just what to do. At 11:30 a. m., when we
were about fiya miles inside the Farallones,
the tug Vigilant came alongside and I
quickly made a bargain with Captain Ran
dall, and here we are."
The officers of the Bradloch are: Cap
tain. David Kiddle; first mate, R. Joss;
second mate, G. Marmount; third mate,
A. Stewart. "We bad not a skulker
aboard," said Mate Joss yesterday.
'•Every man did his duty and although it
was hard work to get alt when the decks
wen heaving and the explosions were
belching out sulphur smoke, still no one
flinched and the man at the wheel was
relieved at regular intervals. Jast the
same we are all glad to be in port, even if
the vessel is partly filled with water. The
Locb. Broom, which belongs to tuc same
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, APRIL 8, 1896.
owners as the Bradloch. came into port
with us, but although Captain Radford
left a week before us he seems to have
missed most of the heavy weather and
thus escaped a conflagration."
Captain "Dan" Ilaskell of the Fearless
and Captain "Clem" Randall of the Vigi
lant arc two of the most successful tow
boat men in the bay. Captain Haskell
towtd in the Alexandra and Captain Ran
dall went to his assistance. ?*ow it is a
case of vice versa. When the Vigilant
sighted the Bradloch she was in a calm
and flying the signal letters N. M M which
means "I am ou fire." It did not take
long to reach her and then the race for the
nearest mud fiats began. The loss will be
very heavy as the entire cargo has been de
stroyed, the towboat bill will be heavy and
the chances ar« that new decks will have
to be put in. While congratulating them
selves on their lucky escapes the under
writers are nevertheless grumbling over
the heavy losses on the Alexandra and
Bradloch.
The Boss Barb9rs.
The Boss Barbers' Protective Association
met last evening and initiated forty-five
new members. The following resolution,
relative to an institution in this City
where men are taught to cut hair and
scrape faces at so much per course, was
'adopted :
We, the Boss Barbers' Protective Association
of California, do hereby pledge ourselves not
to employ any "college barbers" on account of
their being detrimental to the trade, and we
pledge ourselves to discourage the opening of
5-cent barber-shops.
The Cierar-Makers.
Cigar-makers' Union No. 228 voted on
the question of joining the new alliance,
but decided by a fair majority of votes
<;ast to remain with the old labor council.
Before voting on the matter they listened
to a delegation sent from the labor council.
A committee was appointed to interview
Jacob Brandt, 413 Battery street, with a
view to have him empioy only white
labor, as it was stated he had several
Chinamen in his employ.
Union Lathers.
A meeting of the union lathers was held
last evening and twelve new members were
initiated. After May 1 the initiation
fee will be raised to $10. The report was
made that there were very few non-union
jobs in town at present. The principal
one, on Twenty-fifth and Folsom streets,
was "struck" yesterday by the carpenters.
Just now there is only work for about half
the lathers of this City. For all that,
numbers are coming in from outside towns.
Elmhurst to Incorporate.
At a meeting of the residents and property
owners of Elmhurst Monday evening the
proposition of incorporating was discussed,
iiinl it was the sense ot the meeting that that
object should oe furthered. Another meeting
will be held to discuss the matter on Friday
evening. The boundaries of the proposed new
town will be as follows: From Stanley road to
Massachusetts avenut- and from the line of the
Southern Pacitic Railroad to the foothills.
Stricken With Paralyiii.
Mrs. Kate Ray, who was employed at the
Brooklyn Hotel, was stricken with paralysis
yesterday afternoon and 1« not expected to re
rover. She has three sisters and a son in the
City whose addresses are unknown.
AGAIN FAILED TO AGREE.
The Building Trades Strike
Has Reached a Critical
Point.
PARROTT BUILDING TANGLE.
Superintendent Stanford Has Ordered
the Contractors to Resume
Work To-Day.
The strike of the building trades, es
pecially against the Farrott building, was
about in the same condition at mdnight
last night that it was twenty-four hours
before. Representatives of the council
called upon Mr. Stanford, superintendent
of the building, and endeavored to have
the work unionized by having Bruschke's
non-union men withdrawn.
No satisfaction was obtained, Mr. Stan
ford explaining that it was out of the
power of any one to do so.
After the committee withdrew he
directed several of the contractors who
have been waiting for a settlement of the
troubles to begin operations again to-day
with any workmen who will go to work.
The woodworkers claim to have taken
several non-union men out of the building.
The new strikers joined tne union last
night.
FAILED TO AGREE.
Union Men and Superintendent
Stanford Could Not Decide
Upon a Settlement.
One of the most important conferences
held pince the strike on the Parrott build
ing besran took place yesterday. The two
business agents for the council, Saunders
and Mclvor, with J. McCartney and H.
Behrieke of the grievance committee,
called upon Mr. Stanford, the superin
tendent of the building, to declare the
ultimatum of the council. This was in
substance that the contract must either be
unionized at once or the combined labor
ing element of the community would
withdraw all patronage from all who are
in any way, now or in the future, inter
ested in the building or any institution
connected with it. The only one whom
the union people could see to be in the
way was C. J. Bruschke, who has a lot
of non-union men at work finishing some
of the departments.
Mr. Stanford on the other hand I»ad
taken the position that work must go on
at once.
Agent Mclvor stated the position of the
council, lie called attention to the situa
tion by saying that it would be to the be3t
interests of all concerned if Druschke
could be relieved of his contract, so that
the building could be unionized.
To this Mr. Stanford replied that in the
first place Bruschke's contract could not
be broken, even by the management of the
Parrott estate. He could complete his job,
and should an attempt be made to keep
him or his non-union men out of the
building he could secure from the courts
an injunction preventing any one else
from finishing the work, particularly as
the material in question now in the build
ing belongs to the contractor.
Agent baunders suggested that in or
der to get the non-union men out of the
building so the union men could enter
Bruschke might be induced to do the mill
work with his men and have union men
attend to the setting up in the building.
Mr. Stanford said that this could not be
done as the putting together is a part of
the furniture business. To this McCart
ney took issue and held that putting up
store shelving, counters and oases is the
work of the regular joiner and not of the
furniture-worker, whose business is to
construct parlor sets, bedroom sets, tables,
chairs, etc. In doing this wort with wood
and furniture workers BruschKe has en
croached upon the trade of the carpenter
and the joiner.
"Then I am to understand this to be the
situation," said Mr. Stanford. "Unless
we devise some means of getting rid of
Bruschke every effort will be made on the
part of organized labor to withhold the
public patronage from all connected with
the building V"
"That would be the last resort and we
do not care to take such a step if it can be
prevented," answered Saunders.
In a long conversation in regard to the
amount of work still to be done on the
building it was shown that Bruschke's
work will not iast much over two weeks
and that no other job stands in the way of
unionizing the building. A suggestion
was made that the last resort might be
withheld until Bruschke finished, but Mr.
Stanford said that the work on the build
ing could not be held at a standstill for
two weeks.
McCartney suggested that in all future
contracts a clause might be inserted to
employ only nnion men, but Mr. Stanford
said that was a matter over which he had
no control.
As neither party could make any head
way toward a settlement the representa
tives of the council shook hands with the
superintendent and withdrew. The latter
was told if he should have any suggestions
to make, the council, which would meet in
the evening, would be ready to listen to
him. He said that he did not think the
council need wait for him.
After the agents and delegates left Mr.
Saunders told J. St. Denis, who has a large
painting contract, to proceed with the
work in the morning. St. Denis asked for
another day's grace, as he was conducting
a union shop and had an agreement with
the union that he did not feel at liberty to
break without remark or comment.
Mr. Ke:irns, the contracting carpenter,
was also directed to begin work at once
and to ad vertise for men if he could not se
cure all he wanted.
A LITTLE EXCITEMENT.
Union Commltteemen Sent to Meet
Non-Union Men as They
Left Work.
There was considerable excitement on
Jessie street opposite the Parrott building
a little after 5 o'clock yesterday. A short
time before, one of the labor leaders in the
Temple, at 115 Turk street, called upon
all the union men in the room to assemble.
About forty members of the building
trades unions gathered around him, when
he stated that he wanted volunteers to
visit the Parrott block and meet the non
union men as they were leaving work.
Each union man was told to take a non
union man in tow and do all in his power
to induce the party to join the union.
Positive orders were "given that no violence
be used. The whole crowd volunteered in
a body and marched out.
The men were hardly on the ground be
fore Sergeant Davis and half a dozen pa
trolmen appeared. The union men were
kept moving to Fourth and Fifth streets.
There they waited until the men looked
for reached them. So far as can be learned
the meetings of the two classes of work
men was productive of no evil results.
The appearance of the union men, how
ever, led a number of timid people to ex
pect that there would be trouble.
WOODWORKERS' UNION.
Non-Unlon Men Induced to Strike
and Leave the Parrott
Building.
The Amalgamated Woodworkers' Union
No. 15 held a largely attended meeting last
night, during which the situation at the
Parrott building was fully discussed. It
was stated that the woodworkers are now
thoroughly in the fight, that several men
were taken away from the Parrott build
ing yesterday and that things looked favor
able for getting a good many more out to
day.
A committee was appointed to attend es
pecially to this building.
It was also decided to get all the infor
mation possible from Chicago bearing on
Charles J. Bru«chk«>'s record. It is the in
tention of the organization to have all the
light possible thrown on his career in that
city. The association is certain that it has
the bosses on its side.
Regarding the matter of the Labor and
Trades Alliance no definite action was
taken. The question was discussed, how
ever, at some length, but decision on it
was finally deferred until a later date.
BUILDING TRADES.
The Council Will Still Endeavor to
Unionize Work on the
Parrott Block.
The Building Trades' Council met last
evening and listened to the reports of the
business agent and others relative to the
strike. H. M. Saunders stated that the
house building job on Twenty-fifth and
Folsom streets had been "struck" by the
union men in the morning on account of
the presence of a number of non-union
lathers thereon. Only one plasterer was
left at work, and he aid not belong to the
union.
The reports of the agents and grievance
committee npon the conference with Mr.
Stanford, superintendent of the Parrott
building, were long and carefully con
sidered. The council decided to use every
means in its power to unionize this work.
The council will meet again to-night to
listen to further reports of its executive
officers.
STRIKERS IN COURT.
Preliminary Examination of J. D.
Mcßae Resumed Yesterday
Afternoon.
The preliminary examination of J. D.
Mcßae, one of the striking lathers, charged
with assaulting Peter Trade while working
in a building on Post street, near Larkin,
March 10, was resumed before Judge Low
yesterday afternoon.
Reel B. Terry was associated with
Attorney Coles, the special prosecntor,
and Attorney Walter Gallagher represented
the defendant.
Mcßae took the stand and admitted he
was present at the building on the after
noon of March 10, but denied having any
thing to do with the assault upon Trade,
nor did he see any one strike Trade. He
was only there for a few minutes.
Edward Waltz also testified that he did
not sec any one striking Trade. He did
no*t go upstairs at all, but remained below.
He saw no lathers working there.
These were the only witnesses examined,
and a continuance was granted urtil to
morrow afternoon.
Metal Roofers Organize.
About thirty metal roofers met last night
at 115 Turk street, and laid the foundations
for a union of the craft. It will amount
practically to a reorganization of the old
union, that a few years ago was a strong
organization. The new union will meet
for permanent organization next Friday
evening, at 115 Turk street, and at onct
send delegates to the Building Trades
Council.
ATTORNEY HAYES BURIED
Impressive Rites Over the
Bier of the Dead
Jurist.
THE CATHEDRAL CROWDED.
His Grace the Archbishop Pays an
Affecting Tribute to His
Friend's Memory.
A desire of paying friendship's last debt
caused a throng of well-known society
people to assemble in the Cathedral yes
terday forenoon at the funeral of George
R. B. Hayes.
The remains of the popular lawyer re
posed on a simple catafalque in front of
the high altar and the casket was con
cealed from view by the exquisite floral
tributes with which It was covered, and
surrounded by six tall torches. Near the
remains of her husband knelt Mrs. Hayes,
escorted by Judge Stanley and William
Fenn, the eldest nephew of the departed
one.
Is' ear by stood the ball-bearers, the Hon.
R. C. Harrison, Judge of the Supreme
Court; the Hon. John Hunt and the Hon.
J. F. Sullivan, Garret "VV. McEnerny,
James A. Thompson, George T. Grant,
Alexander H. Loughborougti, Nathaniel
T. James, W. M. Pearson and George VV.
Reynolds. As was fittinjr, most of the
pall-bearers were members of the legal
profession, of which the deceased nad long
been regarded a shining light. Among
those present in the Cathedral were also
noticed Judges Stoney, Levy, Murphy,
Sanderson, Sullivan and Burnett, Chief of
Police Crnwley. Donzel and Gaillard
Stoney, Harry Bradley, M. Heffler, Gen
eral Walsh, Samuel Kegensburger, F. S.
Wensinger, Thomas Magee, Daniel O'Con
nell. Dr. Jerome Hughes, Dr. Windele,
Roger Magee, F. W. Croudace and George
Sanderson.
His Grace the Archbishop was present
in the chancel, attended by his secretary
Father Mulligan, and oy the Rev. John E.
Cottle rector of St. Bridget's. Among the
other clergymen present were the very
Rev. J. J. Prendergast, Vicar-General, and
the Revs. Scanlan and Connolly.
Shortly after 10 o'clock a solemn mans
for the repose of the departed lawyer's
soul was celebrated by the Rev. Joseph
F. Byrne, assisted by the Rev. Charles
Rimm as deacon and the Rev. Joseph
Conway as sub-deacon, the Rev. John
Hannigan acting as masterof ceremonies.
During the solemn rites Wilcox'a requiem
was rendered by the Cathedral choir, the
soloists being Mrs. Noonan, soprano; Miss
Julia Sullivan, contralto; Dr. Hodghead,
tenor, and S. J. Sandy, bass; Robert Har
rison accompanying the singers on the
organ.
At the conclusion of the mass the Arch
bishop made a brief address.
"I cannot let these mortal remains go to
their last resting-place," said his Grace,
"without a slight tribute to one whom so
many loved and of whom I personally was
very fond. We are not here to praise or to
blame, hut only to pray for him, to ask
Almighty God to be merciful to him as we
expect him to be merciful to us.
"Death is too solemn to be an occasion
of mere human praise or of adulation
over one who is face to face with God, and
expects not justice but mercy. He has
gone to meet his judgment, and the
church wishes us to pray for our departed
friend, and to ask our Lord Jesus Christ in
his mercy to receive him whom we carry
in our hearts.
"Yet, we can look over hia life and
gather some consolation. "We all know
what he was, how by industry he raised
himself from a poor boy to the height of
his professional career. He did not belong
to the church in his early days; he came
into it with nothing to *;ain and with pos
sibly something to lose. He broke away
from the religious life of hia youth be
cause it was his conviction that the older
church had the truth. He was loyal to
it. He spoke well of it. He defended it.
"He had his faults; who has not? You
have, my friends, and so have I. We lay
them at the feet of an all-mejciful God,
and ask him to remember our substantial
virtues.
"He was kind, generous to a fault. He
«Hd perhaps too much for others. Busi
ness was never too pressing lor him to
help a friend in need.
•'I have trusted my business almost en
tirely to him of late years, and had come
to be very fond of him.
"Let us ask our blessed Lord to be kind
and merciful to him. Let us pray for the
resurrection. May we be as devoted to
friendship, family ties and business as he
was. And let us not forget to commend
the soul of our departed friend to the
mercy of the all-loving Father."
The Archbishop then intoned the
"Libera" and read the last absolution,
after which the remains of the eminent
jurist were borne out of the Cathedral.
The interment took place in the family
plat in Holy Cross Cemetery.
PRESIDENT CLARK.
A Railroad Heavy-Weight on a Visit
Here With Friends.
C. P. Clark of New Haven, Conn., one
of the most noted railroad men in the
country, president of the New York and
New Haven, or Consolidated Railroad, id
at the Palace.
In the consolidated roads is the old New
York and New England line, as well as
several side roads, for the New York and
New Haven combination practically does
the railroad business in Connecticut
Rhode Island and Eastern Massachusetts.
Their roads are extremely prosperous
Connecticut is opposed to big railroad
dividends, and some years ago prohibited
the lines and branches in the btate from
making over 10 per cent.
President Clark is here on a pleasure
trip. He is accompanied by a party of
friends.
NEW TO-DAY.
"Hand-made" is like
"aU wool "-it takes
pulling apart to prove
it* «£ <£ &
Have you ever dis-
sected t^ a <& "MAN-
TELL" t^ <g Havana
Cigar?
Some can tell by the way
It. smokes. -
Delicious, natural flavor.'
10c, 3 for 25c, 2 for 25c
The Wertheimer Co t Agents, S. F.
NEW TO-DAY. J .
CLOAKS !
We offer this week the fol-
lowing Jackets as a specialty.
TAN COVERT JACKETS, box front* &Z AA
and rippled back, velvet c011ar.... «Jw.vV
TAN COVERT AND
MIXED CHEVIOT
JACKETS, with box
fronts, velvet col" ,
larsand rippled and 4»7 KA om ] V<l Aft
pleated backs <pt.')\) 3110 fyV.VV
BLUE AND BLACK SEROE 1'
JACKETS, box fronts <!•- KA *IA fit)
and rippled backs...... •pI.OV, «pIV, •pi-
TAN COVERT SINGLE-BREASTED $17 AA
JACKETS, with rippled backs... $ll«VV
PLAIN TAN CLOTH SINOLE - "
BREASTED JACKETS, three- (I'IOAA
quarter, lined with silk $19.VV
GLOVES!
4-BUTTON DOGSKIN OLOVES. tf»J n/v-P-:-
-heavy embroidered -pi pi I at F
3-CLASP CHAMOIS GLOVES,
heavy embroidered (worth OS* per Pair
$125) we per rair
IE HABLA ESPASOL.
G. VERDIER & CO.,
SB. Cor. Geary and Grant Aye.
VILLE DE PARIS.
BRANCH HOUSE,
LOS ANGELES.
I 22 Geary St., Near Kearny.
■ Recognizing the merits of an end-
■ less variety of new Black Dress Fab-
■ rica, as displayed by us, the ladies
■ of San Francisco have responded to
■ our announcement and by their
I numbers confirmed our conclusions
■ that we have filled a long-felt want.
I BUCK CREPOFSUITS— $5 25
I BLACK CREPOI SUITS— $7 00
■ BLACK CREPOS SUITS- $8 75
1 BLACK CREPOJf SUITS— SIO 50
I BLACK CREPOX — $12 25
I BLACK C&EPOI SUITS— SI 4 00
I BLACK CREPOI SUITS— SIS 75
I BLACK CREPOS SUITS — $17 50
! BLACK CREPOI SUITS— 00
I BLACK CREPOI SUITS— 50
I BUCK CREPOI SUITS— 50
I BLACK CREPOI SUITS— S3S 00
a The Most Complete Assortment
ffl Ever Displayed in San Francisco.
I R. T, KENNEDY COMPANY.
FREUD'S COBSEfISi
JUST RECEIVED- A LARGE INVOICE
LonK-Waisted P. D. Shhi, Rival Corseti,
c « *,• * la "irene Corsets,
Celebrated Royal C. T. Corsets, :
Jtlegant N. T. French Corsets,
Inrvaled Werly Corsets,
Tll . •-, i_ , Bicycle Corsets.
XHe Keljtninß ranhionable I.OUIS XV
PARISIAN CORSKT and THE
. OI.UA COtSSET.
~ * 188 w^r ** to
j. _ * fll HBaßusK^ssr • tA
-_ r 1 JSHk) — y
2 W '
h
We have no branch store on Market street.
aiPy U addressl ated Cataio « M "° Ot free *•
Mail orders receive prompt attention.
""5 *° MISTAKE IN OUR ADDRESS
3VT. Jj-jbhIDE3XT3D eft» SOlff
741-744 fUrlcet St. and 10-12 Cr«nt Aye.
OQS3M[OgOT.TTivi -lyf
Opposite U. 8.- Mint, 100 and IU2 Fifth stM»™
■mi
NEW WESTERN HOTEL ;
K^?2i A . ND WASHINGTON STS -.RE
JLX modeled and renovated. KING ; w« n.n'2 oS
every room; Hevator run? aU°S.. fire gmc3 iBCHARLEY FAIR
JOINS PATERSON.
Enters the Contest of the
Will Which He
Set Up.
THUS HE MAY DISIN
HERIT HIMSELF.
He Is in Opposition Now to
Both of the Fair
Wills.
ALL IN A VERY QUEER TANGLE
The Sisters Remain Aloof and Will
Watch the Fight From Neutral
Grounds.
Charles L. Fair went into court yester
day and signified his intention to light the
Will of bis father dated *he 24th of Sep
tember, better known as the "pencil will."
By so doing he deliberately placed himself
in waiting for a total disinheritance, for
be is now in opposition to both wills and
he must lose if either of them win.
His action has created amazement all
down the line of laymen and lawyers who
learned of it, and who have kept the shift
ing situation of the Fair will contest suffi
ciently in mind to follow its import.
This move has been under consideration
by Mr. Fair and his attorneys for a few
days only. A new reading of the pencil
will, which they favored so hotly
and volubly and unanimously for
bo many months, is the cause of the re
nunciation of it, and Mr. Fair now finds
himself in a position of antagonism to
both wiils and to every other individual
and interest connected with his father's
estate and fairly in the middle of a broad
road toward disinheritance.
The action taken yesterday was no less
than a withdrawal of the application
made by Mr. Fair and his sisters for the
probate of the will of September 24 and the
tiling of a notice of contest of that will.
In other words, a complete reversal of his
attitude toward it— a blowing cold where
hot was blown.
This will of the 24th was brought for
ward by Charles L. Fair, his Bisters and
their attorneys. In presenting it to the
court with their petition for its probate
they declared their belief that it was the
last will and testament of James G. Fair;
that it was written throughout by his own
hand and signed by him. This was re
peated over and over by way of emphasis
and sworn to by all parties.
More than that, they secured the written
testimony of all the friends and intimates
of James G. Fair, over 100 in number, that
the pencil will was in his handwriting,
thus clinch iug the matter so that ihe op
position could not controvert it.
In the withdrawal and contest filed yes
terday Mr. Fair— for he acts alone, inde
pendent of his sisters— with Knight &
Heggerty for his counsel, takes all that
back. He says that when he tiled the peti
tion for probate he did believe all he then
said, but has since changed his mind, and
therefore asks leave to withdraw the peti
tion for probate and file a contest in its
Btead.
What has caused Mr. Fair to change his
mind?
Of course, it cannot be stated as an ab
solute certainty, but it is a fact that he
has, since Delmas & Shortridge began the
contest for Dr. Levingston, come to a new
understanding of the terms of the pencil
•will. Under th« trust will — with the trust
knocked out — each of the three Fair chil
dren got a third of the estate. Under the
pencil will they woula get but a fourth.
This fact seems to have remained con
cealed to Mr. Fair and bis attorneys under
the following provision in the will:
The residue of my estate, property of
every description, I give and bequeath
to my children, Theresa A. Oelrichg,
Virginia 1 air and Charles 1.. Fair,
iiharv and fthare alike, and to their
children forever.
Now it so happens that Mrs. Oelrichs
has a son and underthis provision, so the at
torneys for Dr. Levingston have estimated,
he wouM come in for on equal share, rnak-
Ibc the division into four equal parts. It
is (his discovery by Mr. Fair at this late
date that is supposed to have influenced
him to take the hazardous steps of con
testing the will which he himself set vp —
which he himself set upas a weapon with
which to contest the earlier will.
Mr. Fair's action of yesterday is eati
tuated by attorneys generally as the act of
a man who has lost bis head — who is
frightened and does not know just what to
do. and therefore does damage; goes about
breaking vases and flower-pota in his ow n
garden.
His sisters have not joined him in the
action. They have thought better of it,
and stand aloof willing to allow the others
to do the fighting.
The contest was already on, precipitated
by Van EL Paterson, representing the son
of Mrs. Oelrichs. It could have been
fought out by him as against Dr. Leving
fton, and the decision, reached without
the declared hostility of Charles Fair,
would have worked the same, and, so far
as he was concerned, without Durninz his
bridges. It is evident that the sisters in
tend to remain on this neutral ground, re
maining mere lookers-on at the fight.
Charies Fair throughout the contest has
presented a most remarkable spectacle of
changing base. In the first instance,
joined with his sisters he opposed the pio
bate of the will of September 21 and
brought forward the will of the 24th as the
real and genuine last will and testament.
Then to test the trust clause of the will of
the 21?t he brought suit under a law made
to order for the purpose for the
possession of the Lick House property.
The trust clause was decided by
the lower court to be invalid. That
removed nearly all objection to the
earlier will, and all the heirs were now
ready to accept it. When it was found
tiiat Dr. Levingston, named as an executor
of the wilt of the 24th, intended to insist
upon the probate of that will, in view of
the united indorsement by all of the chil
dren, Charles Fair withdrew his opposi-
Bition to the probate of the will of the 21st.
The last shift in to withdraw his petition
for the probate of ihe will of the 24th.
Thus he stands In opposition to both
■wills, one of which is indorsed by the trus
tees and the grandchildren and other
equally remote relative?, and the other
still stands indorsed by the daughters,
Virginia and Mrs. Oelrichs.
The situation loses none of its interest
to the disinherited, and Mr. Fair's move
lias the effect of adding still a new com
plication.
One of the oddest features which the
case presents is the fact that the contest of
the will of the 24th is being made on be
half of Mrs. Oelrichs' son, while under
this will, by the provision quoted above,
he is made an heir on equal terms with his
mother and the other Fair children.
WITHDRAW LAND CONTEST
Contents of the Two Documents
File* Yesterday.
The withdrawal and contest were filed
by Charles Heggerty yesterday afternoon.
The application for leave to withdraw is
as follows:
Now comes Charles L. Fair and respectfully
represents to the court as follows:
That on the 18th day of March, 1895, a cer
tain writing, bearing date the 24th <!ay of
September, 1894, nnd purporting to be the last
will and testament of said James Ci. Fair, de
ceased, and purporting to have been entirely
written, dated and signed by said James G.
Fair, deceased, on said 24th day of September,
1894, was filed in this court by this petitioner,
Charles L. Fair, and his sisters, Theresa A.
Oelrichs and Virginia Fair, together with
their petition, -wherein they did allege and
state that said writing was the last will and
testament of said james G. Fair, deceased, and
that it was entirely written, dated and signed
by him, and wherein they did petition and
pray said court to admit and allow said writing
to probate as the last will and testament of
saia James G. Fair, deceased, and that letters
of administration with the s-aid will annexed
be thereupon issued to them; that such pro
ceedings were thereafter and upon said peti
tion had and taken in by said Superior Court
that the said petition had been continued for
hearing from time to time and is now pending
and undetermined and 6aia alleged will has
never been admitted to probate.
That at the time of filing said writing bear
ing date the 24th day of September, 1894, and
at tho time of filing said petition for the pro
bate thereof, as the last will and testament of
the said James G. Fair, deceased, this peti
tioner then believed, as far as he had been
able to ascertain of, about and concerning,
and examining the said writing, that it was
the genuine writing of, and was entirely
written, dated and signed by said James G.
Fair, deceased, and was his last will and testa
ment; and acting upon and under such belief,
petitioner joined in and became a party to the
said petition for the probate ot the said writ
ing dated September 24, 1594.
That subsequently to the said 13th day of
March, 1895, petitioner was informed and be
came, and now is honestly and fully convinced
and satisfied, and verily believes, and upon
such information and belief petitioner here
and now alleges that said writing dated Sep
tember 24, 1894, purporting to be tho last will
and testament of said James G. Fair, deceased,
and filed by this petitioner and his sisters in
this court on March 18, 1895, together with a
petition for its probate, was not and is not the
last or any will of said James G. Fair, de
ceased, or in his handwriting, and that the
said alleged will was not and was never, either
on September 24 : 1894, or at any other time,
written or dated or signed by said James G.
Fair, deceased, or in his handwriting or by his
hand.
Wherefore said petitioner. Charles L. Fair,
does hereby and now withdraw the saia peti
tion, and withdraws his name from and his
consent to said petition so far as he is con
cerned, and requests and prays the said court
to permit and allow such withdrawal, and to
dismiss and deny the said petition, and for
such other order as may be proper in the
promises. And to refuse and deny probate of
said alleged will of September 24, i 894. Dated
April 7, 3896. Charles L. Fail, petitioner;
Knight <fc Heggerty, attorneys for petitioner.
'J tie contest to t lie will sets forth rim the
main allegations of the withdrawal ; when
the pencil will was filed, and what proceed
ings had taken place, and then follow the
allegations that the will is not in Fair's
handwriting, nor did he ever sign or date
it. The document concludes as follows:
Wherefore, this petitioner and contestant,
Charles L. Fair, prays and petitions as follows:
First— This petitioner. Charles L. Fair, doea
hereby and now withdraws nis said petition
to probate said alleged will of September 24,
1894— withdraws his consent and signature
thereto, and prays the court to allow such
withdrawal, and to dismiss and deny the said
petition in so far as he is concerned therein
and a party thereto, and to strike his name
from and out of said petition for the probate
of said alleged will.
Second— This petitioner prays that the said
alleged will, bearing date September 24, 1894,
and the whole thereof, be adjudged and de
creed not to have been written on date or
signed by the said James G. Fair, deceased, and
tnat it be denied probate as the last will, or
any will of the said James G. Pair, deceased,
and that the said petition filed by this peti
tioner and his said sisters, and the petition
filed by Marc Levingston for the probate of the
will be denied.
1 bird— For such action and further order,
judgment, process, decree and relief, both gen
eral and special, as may be necessary and
proper in the premises.
THEY ARE IN A BAD FIX
Sherrick, a Democratic War
horse of Ohio, Makes a
Confession.
The Banker, an Old Friend and Neigh
bor of McKinley, Here on
Pleasure Bent.
Johnson Bherrick of Canton, Ohio, an
intimate friend and neighbor of Governor
McKinley, and a wealthy business man
who loves politics simply because of the
fascination in it, is at the Grand with his
wife.
He is the president of the Canton First
National Bank, president and treasurer of
the Canton Hardware Company, and waa
during his most active years in the politics
of Ohio a Democratic State Senator.
"McKiuley and I started into politics
together years ago," remarked Mr. Sher
rick, '-but we took different sides, and
neither of us have ever been able to con
vert the other to his way of thinking. I
have aspired to no office, for 1 have been
in politics only for the fun of the thing. I
like to maice political speeches. Yes, I
have canvassed the northwest part of Ohio
pretty well at different times.
"McKinley -will of course carry Ohio
unanimously at the convention, and I
hope he will get the nomination, not
that I am a protectionist, for I am not — I
believe in duty for revenue only — but be
cause he is a rinb, true man.
"I am a Democrat, but I prefer not to
discuss the party situation. The truth of
the matter is, the Democrats are in a bad
fix. It it is not through their fault. The
party has been the victim of circum
stances, and has to father the blame for
things begun before Cleveland's adminis
tration.
"The panic was on when the McKinley
bill was passed. Gold was low when Har
rison went out; I know that. The Wilson
bill would bring in more re/ enue than the
McKinley bill; I know that, too. The
idea of taxing one man to protect another
is not democratic.
"Chauncey Depew does not care a cent
whether Morton is nominated or not, ac
cordine to my idea, but he is acting for
New York bankers."
Mr. Sherrick will spend this week seeing
the sights of the City. His business here
is simply for pleasure. He will then start
East by easy stages, spending a month on
the way and ending a sightseeing tour be
gun by a live weeks' visit iv the City of
Mexico.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, APRIL 8, 1896.
AN INCENDIARY AT WORK
Deliberate Attempt to Destroy
the California Art Metal
Works.
ENGINEER HIBBIT'S DISCOVERY
Fire Marshal Towe Thinks It the
Work of a Discharged Employe
or Business Rival.
A deliberate attempt to destroy by fire
the building, 51 Fremont street, occupied
by the California Art Metal Works, was
made on Monday night, and it was by the
merest accident that the whole block was
not burned to the ground.
About half-past 6 o'clock George R. Hib
bits, engineer in Thompson's planing mill,
312 Mission street, which is directly in the
rear of 51 Fremont street, was iv. the act
of closing up the mill before going home,
when he happened to stoop down and a
glimmer of light struck his eye. He was
fortunately at a spot on a direct line with
the rear door of 51 Fremont street, which
was open.
Knowing that the employes in the metal
Scene ofithe Incendiary Attempt at the California Metal Works on Fremont Street.
Marshal Towe Considers That but for Engineer Hibbits 1 Fortunate Discovery
a Disastrous Conflagration Compr ising the Entire Block Might Have Resulted.
[Sketched by a "Call" artist.]
works had all gone home he thought that
some one had carelessly left the light
burning. He went over to the works, but
saw no light in the office. This puzzled
him and on returning he looked under the
stairway and saw a lot of old overalls and
jumpers in a heap on the floor. He moved
them and to his surprise there was a
lighted candle underneath. The flamo
had not yet communicated with the heap
of clothing, and it was evident that the
Jigiited candle and the clothing had been
piaced there only a minute or so before.
Hibbits blew out the light and immedi
ately notified Policeman Rial and Special
Officer Sample. They made an examina
tion and found the clothing and candle
were so placed as to lead only to one con
clusion — that the purpose was to set lire
to the building occupied by the metal
works.
Rial notified Sergeant Donovan, who in
turn reported the case to Captain Spil
lane. The captain instructed Donovau to
telephone Jure Marshal Towe and leave
everything untouched iil he arrived.
The Fire Marshal hurried to the South
ern Police station and, accompanied by
Sergeant Donovan, went to 51 Fremont
street, where they were joined by Police
man Rial.
The Fire Marshal made a careful inves
tigation and this is his report: "I found
under the stairway leading to the second
story of 51 Fremont street a pile of work
men's overalls and jumpers, which had
been saturated with turpentine and coal
oil. Under the clothing was a piece of
candle, an inch and a half long, and along
side of the candle was a wooden box with
black varnish in it. I also found a coal-oil
lamp with the top unscrewed and the
lamp empty.
"The sides of the stairs were daubed
with black varnish and coal oil and the
candle was stuck on a piece of cardboard
on a pile of canvas, which had also black
varnish on it. Had the candle burned
down to this preparation the whole block
would have gone, as the building is an
old ramshackle one, all open above the
first floor, and the fire could not have
been seen from the street till it bad got a
good headway.
"Sergeant Donovan placed Rial to watch
the building in the hope that the man
who did it was waiting for the firebells to
ring, and I thought he might return to see
what was the cause of the failure of his
attempt, or else would come back tore
move the evidence, but he did not return.
"The owners of tlie works can give no
reason for the attempt and I am satistied
they were not concerned in it, as there is
no motive for them to do it. It is the
work of an enemy and I have the name of
a person who threatened he would get
even with them two weeks ago. The job
has the impression of one well knowing
the place and no doubt some discharged
employe did it or some rival in business.
It was a fortunate discovery, as through
the blowing out of that candle by Hibbits
a serious conflagration was averted."
The Fire Marshal thinks it is a singular
coincidence that the card on which the
candle was stuck was the same as a card
he found underneath his front door when
he returned about midnight from his in
vestigation.
"It was not there," said the Fire Mar
shal last night, "when I left the house at
9 o'clock to go to the Southern station,
but it was there when I returned three
hours later. It may not have any bearing
on the case, but it is singular."
The cards were those of the Great West
ern Boot and Shoe Repairing Company,
562 Mission street and 631^ Sacramento
street.
On October 29, 1895, there was a fire in
Thompson's planing mill, which commu
nicated with the rear of the metal works.
The loss at that time was estimated at
$40,000.
STILL AFTER THAT DICTIONARY
Genuine Success of the Supplemental
Distribution Lately Begun.
At the headquarters of the Pacific Coast
Newspaper Syndicate the cry is "Still they
come," for there are very many readers in
and out of the City who are filing their ap
plications during these few days while the
offer remains open by which they can bo
easily secure the Encyclopaedic Dictionary.
The work itself i& an entirely new idea
in reference books, beinp at once a dic
tionary and an encyclopedia, and as such
it takes the place of many other books on
special subjects put together.
Its utility has been fully demonstrated
by the 500* sets originally distributed in
the 500 cultured homes, where it has been
examined and compared with ether dic
tionaries and encyclopedias.
Many who realfy desired to get the vol
umes during the original distribution
failed to do so through hesitation or delay,
and these, now that another opportunity
i? presented, are hastening to avail them
selves of its benefits.
But it should be remembered that this
week -will see the close of this altogether
notable undertaking in the way of a book
distribution, and readers are therefore ad-
monished to act while yet there is time,
for beginning Monday the price of tne
work will be advanced to $42 per set, the
best styles of binding costing even more.
VALLEY ROAD FINANCES
Joint Meeting of the Directors
and Trustees to Discuss
Them.
This Is the Amount Necessary to
Complete the Road— John Moss
as Traffic Manager.
There is not to be a single day of un
necessary delay in completing the con
struction of and fully equipping the San
Francisco and San Joaquin Valley Rail
road from Ban Francisco to Fresno. This
was evidenced at the joint meeting of the
directors and trustees of the company held
yesterday afternoon, which was one of the
most important since the organization of
the corporation.
Two matters of great moment were up
for consideration. One was the appoint
ment of a traffic manager and the other
was the question of raising funds to com
plete the road as originally projected. The
latter consumed most ot the two-hour
session.
The capital stock of the company is
$6,0u0,000. Of this but $2,500,000 worth in
round numbers has been issued, and but
60 per cent of this has thus far been called
for. It is calculated, however, to consume
this entire sum in the construction of the
section which is now neanng completion
— that is the division between Stockton
and Fresno. Two equally important sec
tions will then have to be provided for—
those between San Francisco and Stockton
and between Fresno and Bakerslield. The
former, it is estimated, will cost about
$2,. r .00,000 and the latter about $3,500,000.
The conference between the trustees of
the stockholders and the directors was
held principally to devise ways how best
to raise this $6,000,000. Only Jamea Cross,
representing the Hobart estate, was ab
sent of the trustees. Those present were:
A. B. Spreckels, Lovell White. Daniel
Meyer, Thomas Brown, J. D. Phelan, C.
de Quigne, O. D. Baldwin and P. W. Van
Sicklen. Of the directors the following
were in attendance: Claus Spreckels, J.
D. Spreckels, Captain A. H. Payson, Rob
ert Watt, J. B. Stetson. Leon Schloss, Al
vinza Hayward and Isaac Upham.
T wo methods of financiering the project
to an early completion were discussed.
One was the sale of the additional stock
remaining unissued, and the other was to
mortgage the entire projected line from
San Francisco to Bakerslield and to bond
it for $6,000,000.
It was decided that preference should be
given to the construction of the Fresno-
Bakersfield section, as that would jtive a
road that would at once return a paying
revenue.
After the matter had been thoroughly
canvassed by All the gentlemen present it
was decided to place the whole matter in
the hands of a committee of six, composed
of three directors and three trustees. The
following named comprise this committee:
Directors Stetson, Watt and Payson and
Trustees Phelan, Van Sicklen and Bald
win. They will report at a future meeting
of the directors and trustees, to be held at
an early day.
John Moss was appointed to have charge
of all freight and passenger business, under
the title of traffic manager. He is ex
pected to assume the duties of his new
position on the Ist of May.
For many years past Mr. Moss has cred
itably rilled the position of assistant local
freight agent of the Soutcern Pacific Com
pany, with headquarters at Fourth and
Townsend streets, having a corps of more
than I*3o clerks under him. Mr. Moss was
tendered the position a few days ago, and
signified that he would accept it to the
committee that waited on him. His resig
nation is now in the hands of the Southern
Pacific Company.
Mr. Moss has a thorough acquaintance
ship with the merchants of this City, and
this, added to his technical knowledge of
the railroad business, led to his selection
for this responsible and important posi
tion.
The Valley road's traffic manager served
an apprenticeship in the London and
Northwestern Railway before coming to
this country, after which he was engaged
to go to Canada to fill a position with the
Great Western Railway, now leased to the
Grand Trunk. After four or five years in
Canada he was offered a better position in
St. Louis by the Atlantic and Pacific road.
For some time he filled the position of
joint agent of that road and the Missouri
Pacific at St. Louis. Twenty years ago he
came to San Francisco and has ever since
been in the employ of the Southern Pa
cific Company.
LASHED WITH A WHIP. '
Policeman Gillin's Experience With a
Livery-Stable Keeper.
John Nolan, a livery-stable keeper on
California street, between Polk street and
Van Ness avenue, was detained at the City
Prison at an early hour yesterday morn
ing on a charge of battery, and Frank
Sullivan, a hackdriver, was registered on
the charge of violating the hack ordi
nance. The complaining witness against
both was Policeman P. A. Gillin.
Sullivan was driving a hack along Sutter
street and Nolan was seated beside him.
Their loud talking attracted the attention
of Gillin, who was standing on the corner
of Sutter and Larkin streets. As the hack
was without lights Gillin stopped it and
ordered Sullivan to put in the lights. Sul
livan objected and told Gillin to xnind his
own business. GilJin climbed on the
wheel to put Sullivan under arrest, when
Nolan seized tha whip and laßhed the
horses. Gillin clung to the hack and was
dragged Half a block, Nolan lashing him
and the horses alternately with the wbip.till
Gillin managed to grab hold of the reins
and brought the horses to a standstill.
He then placed both men under ar rest.
The cases were called in Judge Low's
court yesterday morning and continued
till to-day.
Changes tn Bates on Wool.
As an encouragement to the wool-scouring
industry of California the Southern Pacific
Company has announced a change in the rates
on wools in grease and scoured wool, to go
into effect on the 28d inst. In carload lots of
not less than ten tons wool' in grease will be
cnrried from California terminals to Atlantic
points, when compressed in bales holding
nineteen pounds to the cubic foot, for $1 per
100 pounds. This is an increase on present
rates of 20 cents per lOOpourds. On the other
hnnd scoured wool under similar conditions
will be taken for $1 25 per 100 pounds, a
reduction of 25 cents per 100 on the prevail
ing schedule.
The earthworm bores its hole by passing
the earth through its body, and backing
out so as to leave it on the surface. This
hole goes down often six or eight feet, and
into it the worm retreats in the daytime.
new TO-DAY.
Yheowl
(A DRUG CO.,
Cut-rate
V-r^SjgflS 111 Ilillli
JS druggists!
1128 3VC3k.XI.KX3 l X* ST.,
SAN FRANCISCO.
Broadway and Tenth St., Oakland.
ALWAYS RELIABLE. NEVER FAILS.
DR. IRA BAKER'S COUGH BALSAM,
Tar and Wild Cherry,
THE IDEALCOTJGHKEMEDYforCHILDREN,
25c A BOTTLE.
SEASONABLE GOODS!
ralne's Celery Compound.... 60c
Hood's. Joy's, Ayers' Karsapanlla.... 65c
Jivdia Pinlcham's C0mp0und .......... ; 75a
Cutlcura Re501vent...... .......... 70c
Painter's Coca Wine and Celery Compound 85c
Warner's Safe Kidney «nd Liver Cure. 85c
i Baker's Kidney and Liver Cure 850
Piso Cough Cure... ...20c
I Allen's Pure Malt Whisky..... .....85c
| Canadian Club Whisky..... $101)
Stanford's Vina Brandy $1 00
Syrup .Figs.... 350
Williams' Pink Pills.. 35c
Scott's Syrup Hypophosphltes. 85c
Fellows' Syrup Hypophosphites ....$1 00
Barclay's Periodical Pi 115..:... ....92 00
Chicuester's Pennyroyal Pills fl 50
Pacific Coast Agents for Dr. Edison's
OBESITY REMEDIES,
,' Bands, Salts, Pills.
TIE TO! TIE TO!
Tan Russet Oxfords
Cloth or kid tops, latest style needle or nar-
row square toe, In all sizes and all widths,
$1 50 a pair.
We have just received a large invoice of Ladles'
Fine Dongola Kid Southern Ties, with cloth tops,
pointed toes and tips and band-turned soles, which
we will offer for 81 35. They are ueat, stylish and
good wearers. .:..._; 5 t^SfS^SI
EVERYBODY WONDERS
•- ; How we can sell so cheaply. Simple enough.
v; We own this bis building—no enormous rent
• -to pay and you share In the saving.
»#
1346 and 1348 Market Street. ~~
n Opposite Odd Fellow's' Building. '
:■■■;■ Country orders carefully filled.
■. .■:■:•.■- ~. ■ • ■■-:,■..■■./.'.- '. >. ','■:=■
NEW TO-DAY— DRY GOODS. < V,
iwll^oTs7R!B¥NXT
HOSIERY, CORSETS
UNDERWEAR
AT SPECIAL PRICES THIS WEEK
That the EXTRAORDINARY VALUES offered throughout our
mammoth new stock are concentrating the bulk of the Spring Dry
Goods and Cloak trade to our salesrooms is daily evidenced by the
THOUSANDS of delighted purchasers who take advantage of the
UNEQUALED MONEY-SAVING OPPORTUNITIES presented in
every department, and this guarantees the popularity of our THIS
WEEK'S SPECIALS, which include a variety of THE NEWEST
AND HOST FASHIONABLE PRODUCTIONS, all offered at figures
that make them
BARGAINS THAT WILL COMMAND ATTENTION!
LACE DEPARTMENT!
'^/i^i .At -a Cents a "STard..
WHITE AND BUTTER VALENCIENNES LACE, 10 different patterns, special at 4c
a yard.
At 23 Cents a "5T«z-cl.
BUTTER AND IVORY ORIENTAL LACE, 7 inches wide, regular value 60c, will be
offered at 25c a yard.
.At 35 Cents a, "STan-d.
BUTTER POINT VENISE LACE, 5}4 inches wide, regular value 90c, will be offered
, at 35c a yard.
At 7S Cents o, "ST«ix"ca..
BLACK CHAN TILLY DRAPERY NET. all silk, 45 inches wide, regular value $1 65,
will be offered at 75c a yard. ;* !
At 25 Certs a "ST«tx»c£.
BATISTE LACE INSERTIONS AND BANDS, with all-overs to match, will be of-
fered at 25c, 35c, 50c, 75c. $i up.
EMBROIDERIES!
.At 25 Cents a 'T'ard.
FINE CAMBRIC, NAINSOOK AND SWISS EMBROIDERIES, with Insertions to
match, regular price 50c, 60c and 65c, will be offered at 25c a yard.
At GO Centra a. Yard.
WHITE SWISS FLOUNCING AND DEMI-FLOUNCING, embroidered, hemstitched,
27 and 45 inches wide, regular price $1 and $1 25, will be offered at 60c a yard.
NECKWEAR! NECKWEAR!
AtBSI.OO "JElt^olCLm
BATISTE LACE COLLARS in linen shade, BUTTER POINT VENISE YOKES
trimmed with Oriental lace, regular price $ 1 75, will be offered at $1 each.
VEILING! VEILING!
At 2O Cents a Yard.
BLACK DOTTED TUXEDO VEILING, trimmed with Butter Valenciennes Lace,
regular value 35c.
CARRIAGE PARASOLS!
,:.. , J.. .:■■ !,.-- . .At 75 Conts. . •
BLACK CARRIAGE PARASOLS, in gloria silk, unlined, value $1, will be offered at
./. : 75c each. i . a '-.• : .• * y.'- *•* '-; _~
At 31.00.
BLACK CARRIAGE PARASOLS, in gloria silk, lined, value $1 50, will be offered at
' . $1 each. ' ; ; X::: y. ■■::.
\, '-:■■'-■ "■■■'.:■ -A-t 51.23.
BLACK CARRIAGE PARASOLS, in ruffle trimmed, will be offered at $1 25 each.
■ : -. At $I.SO.
BLACK CARRIAGE PARASOLS, in silk gloria, two ruffles, will be offered at $1 50
each.
.At $2.00.
BLACK CARRIAGE PARASOLS, ruffle trimmed, silk lined, will be offered at $2 each.
DRESDEN RIBBONS!
A.t 25 Cents.
No. 22 3-INCH ALL-SILK DRESDEN RIBBON, assorted colors, will be offered at 25c
a yard.
.At 35 Cents.
3-INCH ALL-SILK SHADED RIBBON, in all the latest colors, will be offered at 360
a yard.
-A_t SO Cents.
4-INCH ALL-SILK DRESDEN RIBBON, in all the new designs, will " ~" "
50c a yard.
.At 65 Cents.
5-INCH ALL-SILK DRESDEN RIBBON, in rich designs, will be offered
HOSIERY AND UNDERWE^.,
.- At 25 Cents ex Fair.
CHILDREN'S FINE RIBBED REALMACO COTTON HOSE, double knees, heels, sole
and toes, Hermsdorf dye, in black and assorted tan shades, regular value $4 20 a
dozen. ~\V.-*'
.A-t 25 Cents a, Pair.
CHILDREN'S BLACK RIBBED FRENCH LISLE-THREAD HOSE, double knees,
heels and toes, warranted fast black, regular value 50c.
At 25 Cents a, Pair.
LADIES' REAL MACO COTTON HOSE, plain and Richelieu ribbed, high-spliced
heels and toes, Hermsdorf dye, black and assorted tan shades, will be offered at
25c a pair.
At 33. Cents a Pair. '
LADIES' RICHELIEU RIBBED LISLE-THREAD HOSE, black boot and colored
top combinations, also all black, regular price 50c.
At 83 Cents a Fair.
LADIES' INGRAIN BLACK COTTON HOSE, extra heavy, unbleached feet, high
spliced heels and toes,' onyx dye, regular price 50c.
A.t 5O Cents a Fair.
LADIES' FANCY REMBRANDT AND RICHELIEU RIBBED LISLE-THREAD
HOSE, in bronze, assorted tan shades and black, also black boot and colored top
combinations, will be offered at 50c a pair.
At SO Cents* Eacli.
LADIES' JERSEY RIBBED LISLE-THREAD VESTS, high neck, short and lone
sleeves; drawers made with French band to match; ecru and white, will be offered
at 50c each.
At 75 Cents Eaoa.
LADIES' JERSEY RIBBED WOOL, VESTS, higti neck, long and short sleeves, war-
ranted non-shrinkable, white, natural and pink color, regular price $1.
CORSETS! CORSETS !
At 61.25.
LADIES' SATEEN CORSETS, extra lons waist and high bust, firmly and closely
boned, three side steels, silk flossed, perfect fit guaranteed, black and drab, regular
price 1 50. ' ;
*3- OCR NEW SPRING CATALOGUE Is now ready for distribution to oar
COUNTRY PATRONS ONLY, to whom it will be mailed free on receipt of address.
/M/B&*' MURPHY BUILDING, /
(/(/ Martot Street corner of Jones, /
sSAiPw" FRANCISCO.
910
SUDDEN ALARM
OF THE REGENTS
Time Limit of Sutro's
Deed of Land Has
Expired.
AFFILIATED COLLEGES.
First Fiscal Year's Allowance
of $125,000 Must Also
Lapse.
BOARD SURPRISED IN SESSION.
A Committee Appointed to Unravel
Complications and Reopen
Negotiations.
The repents of the State University
rubbed their eyes yesterday and drowsily
awoke to a knowledge of the fact that one
half of tho sum of |250,000 allowed for
building the Affiliated Colleges most lapse
to the State treasury, because building
operations cannot be commenced during
the present n?cal yeur.
There remains under the allowance for
the nsca! year beginning July 1, liMJ, the
remaining half ($125^000). and so the work
will go on if nothing forbids and the Leg
islature be requested to inappropriate the
sum lapsed.
When the regents thought themselves
clear of the woods in this direction and
were consoiins ihemselves with assur
ances of tbe Governor that the good Legis
lature which shaEl convene next winter
•would do the right thing it was inciden
tally discovered that the gift of land which
Mayor Sutro made to the college had also
•peed or would lapse r.ext Tuesday, be
cause a condition of the deed requiring
work of construction fo begin within six
months had not been fulfilled.
This lapse was discovered by Governor
Budd, who was colling up data and
records to ascertain what Sr.tro had really
agreed to do in the matter ol building a
great public library on land adjoining the
Affiliated Colleges, General Houghton,
Judge Wallace, J. \Ve«t Martin and Attor
ney Mhoon were explaining that Mr. Sutro
hr.il approved the contract concerning the
library, bnt had not signed it. While a
discussion was pending to have the law
committee see the Mayor and get his sig
nature before the plans, specifications and
builder's schedule were sent to Sacramento
for approval. Governor Budd, who had
been examining some papers, exclaimed:
"Gentlemen, your deed of land from
Sutro for the colleges has lapsed. The six
month-' time for beginning work has ex
pired."
A tire of questions ensued.
"When »aa the deed made? 1 '
"What i;- the date of «cknowledg
nient ?"
'What are the conditions about begin
ning work within six months?"
So much animation was manifested that
some of the resents arose to their feet to
make inquiry, and the body of learned
men. hitherto slower in movement than
the great glacier of Alaska, was in per
ceptible motion.
Secretary Borne looked the gift deed in
the face and replied that the date of the
instrument was October S, 1895, and the
date of acceptance by the board Novem
ber 12, 1896. The date of acknowledg
ment was not entered.
Tbe laymen on t he board looked at Judge
Wallace and Judge Wallace looked at the
frescoed ceiling.
The Governor, who had been reiterating
the assertion that he would not as Gov
ernor, acting with ihe Treasurer and Sec
retary of State, approve the plans while
Sutro's name was unsigned to the library
proposition, evidently perceived that
the Mayor, tinder the sudden turn of
affairs, held the position of advantage,
leaving the regents landless.
Something had to be done, so it was
resolved to direct the law committee and
attorney Mhoon to see Mayor Sutro at
once. The law committee was re-enforced
by the addition to it of Judge Slack and
J. B. Reinstein.
Judge Wallace announced that the com
mittee would meet at the Mayor's office at
1 o'clock to-day. Presumably the whole
ground will he retraced at to-day's meet
ing. The Mayor may make a new gift or
exi°nd the time on the old deed. He may
increase the acreage of the library land
from six to thirtaen acres, as he has been
talking about some enlargement of the
library donation. On the other hand he
may decide t<> wait.
Architect Krafts attended the meeting
yesterday and his estimates of the aegre- !
gate cost of constructing the college build
ings was presented by J. West Martin.
The estimates, including commissions, ad
vertising and sundries, amounted t05252,
--980, but the amount for the construction
proper is $237.5-*t.
Regents Martin. Phelps, Houghton and
Halhdie were convinced that the bids
would come under the sum.
The Governor directed that the estimates
should be reduced before they were sent
to Sacramento for approval, He could not
approve for a larger amount than $250,000
—the sum named in the law.
A long discussion ensued to discover
some way to make the allowance of $li r > 000
for the iirst fiscal year available. Supreme
Court decisions were cited, precedents
mentioned, and the advice of Attorney
Mhoon was frequently solicited.
Under the peculiar wording and restric
tions of the law the attorney couM not see
how the money could be drawn from the
treasury except on Controller's warrants
In payment for work actually dore.
All the regents were assured that the
bids would be very low if contractors
could be assured of getting their money i
without delay.
In summing up the situation Attorney
Mlwon *aid the State orlicers taking
cognizance of the situation might take !
some plans unknown to him to make the
lirst year's allowance of $125.000 available
The discussion disclosed the fact that ;
tic attorney prior to last December had j
written to Governor Budd asking for the i
withdrawal of the money from the State !
treasury, ami before Christmas the Gover- '
nor retried that it could not be done.
It was resolved alter long discussion to
approve the plans on estimates reduced to
$:-'. r >o,ooo and forward them to Sacramento
for the approval of the Governor. Secretary
and Treasurer.
As v linal effort to get this fiscal year's
allowance of $12. r >.ooo the members of the
Law Committee, re-enforced by Slack and
Reinstein and led by Judge Wallace and
Attorney Mhoon, are to see Attorney
Fitzgerald.
The Governor said if the Attorney-
General would consent to have the money
drawn from the treasury on a guarantee
of the regents that it should be used to
pay for work contracted for he would not
opi>ose the withdrawal.
About this time in the proceedings the
lapse of the Sutro deed was discovered,
and so the whole matter of conferring
with the Attorney-General is to be de
ferred until the Sutro negotiations are
again reopened and finally closed.
The regents attending the session
yesterday were: Governor Budd. Hal
lidie. Martin, Houghton, Wallace, Way
mire, Kellogg, Marye, Crocker, Phelps,
Chase, Black, Foote, Slack, Reinstein and
Denicke.
DEED STILL GOOD.
Mayor Sutro Will Give the Resents
All the Time They
Want.
Mayor Sutro was interviewed last even
iug on the subject of his deed of lund for
the Affiliated Colleges. He said: "I will
give the Regents all the time they want to
erect the buildings. It makes no differ
ence about the failure to begin work
within six months. Tlie land given to the
University for this purpose is the finest
snot on the peninsula of San Francisco. I
understand now that the appropriation of
$125,000 for the first year is lost by the de
lay. I do not believe that the college
buildings will be erected."
"What will prevent their erection?" in
quired the reporter.
"Why, the octopus," replied Mayor
Sutro. "
WILLIAMS INDICTED.
! The Chinese Inspector Fares Badly
With the Federal Grand Jury.
Out on Bonds.
As was expected, the United States
Grand Jury yesterday indicted Richard
Williams, the Custom-house inspector, on
four different counts. He at once furnished
bonds for $2000, and was released. His
bondsmen were George W. Duffield, Joseph
j Goetz and O. S. Peck.
Williams is charged with receiving $100
1 from Tons Chee on November 13, 1895, for
the landing of a Chinese woman named
Ah Moy ; $85 from Chan Ting for the land
ing of Chin See Hung on November 6,
1*95; $100 from Wong Sara for lauding
Wong Sing Choy on September 1,1875;
$!K) from Young Jim for landing Wing
Quock Floo on September 19, 1895.
Wiliiams declares that he will be able to
clear himself before a jury, ana says he is
I anxious lor a speedy trial."
NEW PRISON DIRECTOR.
James H. Wilkens Will Succeed
Robert T. Devlin on the
Board.
The News Is Not Received With
Unalloyed Delight by All Parties
Concerned.
Governor Budd has given the Board of
State Prison Directors a little surprise by
appointing James H. Wilkens a director
I in place of Robert T. Devlin, whose term
i expired last January. The appointment
was announced yesterday, and the news of
it was not received with unalloyed delight.
Mr. Devlin had been making quite a
sturdy light to keep his place, and was for
a time believed to be certain of reappoint
ment.
Warden Hale, also, is said to regard the
appointment with little favor.
lint the Governor had control, and was
evidently determined that he should show
his power. It is understood that he is far
from satisfied with the present administra
| tion at San Quentin, and that his appoint
ees are pledged to do their best to bring
about the Democratic idea of prison man
agement.
As now constituted the Board of Prison
Directors consists of Mr. Wilkens and
Robert Fitzgerald, Democrats, and E. J.
; de Pue. J. 11. Neff and D. E. Hayes. Re
! publicans. The prevailing idea is that if
i Warden Hale loses one ot the three Re
i publican voles his removal will be assured,
! in which event K. P. Hammond is named
|as his probable successor. Rumor says
that Messrs. ue Pue and Hayes have beea
, given to understand that their resigna
tions would be accepted with thanks, but
! the resignations are not forthcoming. On
1 the contrary both directors cling to their
; posts with a tenacity apparently born of
serious apprehension*.
In case one of them goes, the Governor
Is said to have announced his intention to
appoint Charles .^onntag on trie board.
So mucti mystery surrounds the entire
! matter that little "of a deh'nite character
can be affirmatively stated. All parties
concerned are very reticent, but something
is evidently brewing.
Meanwhile the board is to be congratu
lated upon the accession of Mr. Wilkens.
He is a Baltimorean, perhaps 38 year 3of
age, and bas resided at San Rafael for a
number of years. Upon his graduation
from the State University he adopted civil
, engineering as a profession, though he
I has also been editor and proprietor of the
San Rafael Tocsin. Last year he was
i elected Assemblyman from his district,
'■ while he bas already had some experience
as a State Prison Director, having been on
the board during the incumbency of Gov
ernor Waterman.
WOMEN FRANCHISE DAY
Woman's Christian Temperance Union
Institutes a New liay of . Observance
Which Is Strictly Californian.
The State Executive Board of the
| Woman's Christian ' Temperance Union
held its twenty-fourth quarterly meeting
yesterday.
Much of the time was expended undoing
the work of the last meeting, during
I which were made extensive preparations
j for the National convention, which at
i that time it was believed would be held in
this City.
The contingent of this coast regrets ex
ceedingly that a change of plan has been
! made in the matter of a convention city.
j The members feel _J without the impetus
j which they expected the convention would
j give the movement on this coast— that the
work for the , eleventh amendment . cam
paign will be far more arduous.
Preparations were made for the proper
observance of a day to occur henceforth,
on April 27, and to be known tut "Fran-
I chise Day." Public meetings will be. held
I all over the State. The programmes are
i to consist of suitable exercises, speeches
| and debates on the subject of woman's
, suffrage.
The idea originated with Miss Sarah M.
: Severance and is purely Californian. April
i 27 was chosen to honor the State Presi
! dent, Airs. Peat, who was born on that
: day.
Arrangements also were made for the
annual school of methods, to be held at
Pacific Grove next June.
It was stated during the meeting that
an ensign tea and scissors party would be
i given by the Westminster Church Union
j at 398 Oak street on Friday, April 10.
-. ' • — ♦ »
DIED FROM HER BURNS.
Emma Mayer, the Victim of an Un
fortunate Accident, Succumbs to
Her Injuries.
Emma Mayer died yesterday morning
from the effects of burns.
She was lighting a fire at her home, 708
I Lombard street, Friday last, when her
apron caught the flames, which soon en
veloped her clothing. She rushed into
her mother's bedroom in a blaze of fire.
; Her mother was in bed at the time, but
, with another daughter went to the girl's
j rescue. Before they succeeded In extin
! guishing the flames the victim of the acci
| dent was badly burned.
Even-effort was made to save her life
by Dr. Halle, but she passed away yester
; day Her limbs and arms and bodY were
I badly burned. The Coroner look charge
of the body and an inquest will be Held.
The manufacture of razors by machinery
has become an important industry in Ger
many.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, APRIL 8, 1896.
UNITED WORKMEN
IN CONVENTION
Nineteenth Session of the
Grand Lodge of Cali
fornia.
ROLL OF MEMBERSHIP.
Grand Master Toohy's Report
Replete With Interesting
Facts.
AGE LIMIT HAT BE RAISED.
Over One Hundred Delegates Receive
the Grand Lodge Degree in the
Afternoon.
The Grand Lodge of the Ancient Order
of United Workmen of California held iis
nineteenth annual session in B'nai B'rith
William Vinter, Grand Foreman A. O. I . W , Who Will Be the Next Grand
Master Workman.
[Reproduced from a photograph.]
Hall yesterday morning, afternoon and
evening.
The session was called for 10 a. m., but
long before this time delegates came pour-
Ing in as fast as Mecca pilgrims, and soon
the matn floor of the large building was
crowded to its fullest capacity.
After attending to routine business.
Grand Master Workman D. J. Toohy
presented his annual report, in which the
members of the Grand Lodge were con
gratulated on the flourishing state of the
organization. The report also dwelt at
length on the immense good that had
been accomplished in aiding the widows
and children of deceased members.
A high tribute was paid to the Degree of
Honor, or ladies' branch of tbe order.
Said the speaker:
"It is unnecessary to commend your
favorable attention to this important
factor of our order. It is worthy of all the
assistance in your power to give and every
effort, official or non-official, that will be
potent in promoting its interests ana en
larging its scope for good.
"The Degree ot Honor operates under its
own grand jurisdictional government, but
this offers no excuse for members of this
order to be slow In extending the helping
hand to our noble, self-sacrificing sisters in
their attempt to make their organization
familiar to every hearthstone in this great
country. You let a Degree of Honor lodee
gain a footing in any community, and it
won't be long before a Workman lodge
ca?ts its banner to the breeze in that same
community. Hence, we cater not only to
our chivalric sentiments but our material
interests as well when we add a timber to
the foundation of our co-ordinate branch
of tbe A. O. U. W. every opportunity that
presents itself."
The report then dwelt on the condition
of the order, it seems that there is a
slight decrease this year in membership,
but the speaker predicted that the gain ot
next year will strike the note of the "for
ward march," and in the triumphant in
crease in numbers and prosperity make all
foreet that the past ever contained any
trifling accidents.
"The great political parties have their
off years," added the speaker. "Why
shouldn't benevolent organizations?"
Judge Toohy, in his peroration, warmly
thanked the officers of the Grand Lodge
and the district deputies for the good and
timely aid given him during his term of
office.
The next report filed was that of Grand
Recorder D. S. Hirshberg. It showed that
during 1895 $550,000 had been paid in
death claims, which numbered 268. The
total expenditure for the year was $590,242,
or an average of over $49,000 per month.
For the year there were 470 initiations.
276 transfers and admissions by card and
23 reinstatements to the order. The losses
by death were 263. There were 785 suspen
sions, 277 transfers and withdrawals and 3
expulsions. The total membership De
cember 31 was 16.050 ; the membership at
the beginning of the year was 16,614; a
loss of 564.
The grand medical examiner recom
mended that the age of limit be raised to
fifty years, and said that he thought this a
better class of risks than many young men.
He also advised that some grand officer be
empowered to inquire into the intemper
ance of members, and that those who vio
late the rule of temperance should be re
jected.
The committee on financel reported un
favorably against moving from the Flood
building on the score of economy.
All the reports of the various officers
and committees having been filed, the de
gree of Past Master wasj conferred on the
150 entitled to it.
At 2 p. m. the Grand Lodge held its aft-
| ernoon session. Over one hundred dele
i gates from all parts of the State received
: tbe Grand Lodge degree.
Many new amendments had been
I drafted, and at this session were given
| into the bands of the proper committee.
! It is not expected .hat they will be ready
to report before to-morrow.
At the evening session the two degiees
of the order were conferred by what is
called the Oakland drill team" upon six
candidates. At the close a series of fancy
! evolutions were given by the team, elicit
: ing great applause. The attendance was
; larger than either of the two preceding
I sessions, rilling the hall and the galleries
to suffocation.
To-morrow afternoon at 2 o'clock sharp
the election of Grand I,odge officers for
the ensuing year will begin, and what is
called the conclave of mogullians will con
j fer that knightly degree upon a large num-
SAMUEL BOOTH.
J ber of candidates, so Mr. Barnes says, in
i the evening in the hall of Valley Lodge,
j at 32 O'Farrell street.
. The Grand Lodge of the Degree of
! ".onor, or ladies' annex of the main lodge,
will be>;in its annual session in the Masonic
department of B'nai B'rith Hall to-mor
-1 row morning.
The Kind of Governess Wanted.
A recent issue of the London Times
contains the following unique advertise
ment: "Young lady required as governess
for one little girl, aged 10. As she has un
happily lost a leg it is considered possible
that more sympathy will be shown by a
lady in a similar position; preference,
therefore, given to such."
Polk c! Mitchell's Magic Lotion after & row.
Don't go home limping and black and blue. *
NEW PUBLICATIONS. NEW PUBLICATIONS. NEW PUBLICATIONS.
]£ T"^ •> • 1 Our Great Introductory Offer gj
j L^/\C||- f % *\T C± I\T is not confined to San Francisco, but ap- 3
!^ M. \J±2 M. ife^M. T \^M.Jr ' plies to all sections reached by the great --j
!t^ ■ • •' ■- '; San Francisco dailies, it being the special =^S
17^.,^^ ¥ *-ft -4- purpose of THE_SYNDICATE in THIS 3
g- WIII I i^ 1 5-1 %^ I . supplemental distribution to place at least i^
* .".T*.* *—^**A^ I, ONE set of the volumes in EVERY com- jj
munity for comparison with other diction- — -■»
S^ I |#%f%/\|4^*||^f |*4-vr • aries and encyclopaedias, thereby securing j
IJ IJ\JJt L- U. MI.I L V widespread and favorable publicity for this |
SI A"^ Jl"^ •/ new work. To be absolutely sure of secur- ;
To secure at the little introductory price and ing one of these sets the initial payment of 3 1
on the, wonderfully easy introductory terms $1.00 should accompany your letter. If _-»
a full set of 4 SUmptUOUS volumes — over the work is not as represented it can be IS
»f 5000 pages with illustrations— Of that incom- returned within ten days and the payment
parable Reference Library, will be refunded. This gives you opportu-
™^^^_«« nity to examine the entire work. ■ • z^s
S^ JL JL JL I j i. ' — S
iFMßYPinp^nir ninmßiAßYi
I LIIU I uLUr/tUlu Ulu I lUliHu 1 1
SI! AT ONCE A DICTIONARY AND AN ENCYCLOPEDIA.'
•^~ dM 00 /~\^«lww :,-- ; Produced at a cost of over $750,000. :3 '
•^ Places you in imme- /^v^^^^^iU'fq^//i^'/^.^^t<^^/^s^jT-- -^
ance being payable ll"^--^^ 5
g- (i^YCLOP/tOICo* nic '' ! il' ■ ' '! I I'lN Mi ' ~^g
For 1 Year 1 '
You thus have the I^^^^^^^^ E *^^_ J| § ■!' "-fe^^^
. FOUR MASSIVE VOLUMES. WEIGHT ABOUT 40 POUNDS.
I SEE HOW EASY IT IS TO SECURE THIS GREAT WORK. |
Bring or send ?1 to the PACIFIC COAST NEWSPAPER SYNDICATE, 36 Montgomery street, and the entire set oi
ig- four superb volumes, bound in cloth, will b* forwar.led. The balance to bs paid at the rate of $1 25 monthly for 12 —^»
? months. The work will be supolied in HALF RUSSIA for $1 50 monthly, and in full sheep for $2 monthly for the 12 13
}y~ months. The FIRST PAYMENT in every case is only $1. At tie time of sendine your first payment please designate ~^g
the style of binding you desire (WE RECOMMEND THE HALF RUSSIA BINDING), and indicate how you wish the -•
&— volumes sent, as the charges for delivery must be paid by the purchaser. Remember, the entire set is sent you when the :^
Sr~ . first payment of $1 is received,- and you therefore have the use and benefit of the volumes during the whole year you are -^
SHI paving for them. The absolute confidence of The Syndicate that the work will be thoroughly appreciated, highly valued ~~^
'^: and cheerfully paid for is clearly shown by sending such a valuable set of books, the subscription price of winch is $42, on —^'
g- an advance payment of only $1. Every one is invited to call and inspect the work, or sample pages will be furnished on ~"?
5^ application. Address . ... . ."
| THE PACIFIC COAST NEWSPAPER SYNDICATE, 36 Montgomery Street, San Francisco. %
■ i
IE See How Easy It Is. Use This Order Blank.
|T THE PACIFIC COAST NEWSPAPER SYNDICATE; 36 Montgomery St., San Francisco. •;- ■%',
1 S^: Inclosed find One Dollar, for which please send to my address, as given below, one complete set of the r^
STZ Encyclopaedic Dictionary, bound in..'. '■... Binding. (We recommend the Half-Russia 13
Z: Binding.) I agree to pay the balance in 12 equal monthly payments.
=^
gl NAME RESIDENCE I 12
fc OCCUJfATION SHIP BY 3
J^l OPEN EVENINGS. - State here whether by express or freight, i ~*^
RELIGIOUS THOUGHT AND PROGRESS
An Epitome of Sermons of the Week
Throughout the Land.
Following is a summary of the principal
sermons recently delivered in the United
States and Canada by the leading clergy
men, priest*, prelates, religious teachers
and professors of the Christian faith. Id
every instance the full text has been care
fully read and abbreviated.
BROTHERHOOD.
True brotherhood is the cure for all evils,
both individual and national, social and po
litical.—Rev. K. C. Gift, Lutheran, Seranton, Pa.
GAMBLING.
The growing American vice is gambling. It
pervades all society. It is formed in child
hood — the boy playing marbles for keeps or
shooting craps. Nearly every tobacco, store
has some gambling device, which plainly is
prohibited by law.— Rev. C. B. Mitchell, Meth
odist, Kansas City, Mo.
R. W. EMERSON.
The first article of Emerson's religion was
the existence of mind in the universe, and his
second article was the fact of man's relation
ship to the original mind, from whom man
derives all heroisms, character, virtues, as
pirations. A more devout believer in God
never breathed. His God-consciousness was
the foundation of his faith and of his life.
—Rev. A. W. Martin, Independent, Tacoma,
Wash.
CHRISTIANITY AND WEALTH.
The atheist of to-day is indebted to Christian j
ideas for the great comforts of his home and !
children. It has been said that the difference
in value between the real estate in the heart of
Africa and the heart of America in just Chris
tianity. Christianity is preservative of the
wealth of the world, in counteracting the
forces which destroy it.— Rev. J. A. Story, Meth
odist, Springfield. Ohio.
CARE OP THE SOUL.
In the midst of our business affairs we are apt
to forget the eternal interests of the soul. We
are justified in laboriug for the body to keep it
in proper health, and we do this to accomplish
a temporal end. Why not lay aside some of
our time in putting on garments for the soul,
which is eternal and lives forever?— Rev. M. H.
Dunn, Catholic, Wilkesbarre, Pa.
REFORMS OF SLOW GROWTH.
Growth is a slow thing. Trees look the same
from day to day, almost the same from year to
year. \ou measure your child's height to
day. It is the same to-morrow. There are
only a few inches differences in twelve months.
Causes and principles grow more slowly than
trees and children. Expansion is not an in
stantaneous process. Reforms are not yet run
by electricity.— Rev. W. H. Moore, Presbyter
ian, Doylesville, Pa.
RELIGIOUS IGNORANCE.
I have no patience with the Christian igno
ramus. A man has no excuse for being ig
norant of the Bible. If he can read he can
know the Bible and not be humbugged by
every sort of silly doctrine that may be
preached. It is a shame that every doctrine
under the sun has its followers and all because
of the ignorance 01 its disciples.— Rev. Paul
Whitehead, Methodist, Richmond, Va.
AGNOSTICISM.
Agnosticism is a Greek word, meaning not
knowing, ana strictly might be applied to a
state of mind relating to all manner of sub
jects of which we are ignorant; but is used
solely with reference to objects which we call
I spiritual— God, immortality and so on. There
is very little pure agnosticism in the world.
Many who call themselves agnostics are not
properly such.— Rev. W. R. Lord, Unitarian,
St. Paul, Minn.
THE CONFESSIONAL.
Confession may be said to be the safety valve
of conscience. The priest in the confessional
can keep a secret. When any person has told
his sins to the priests those sins are as though
they had been buried iD the very depths of ihe
ocean. A priest will stand any torture before
he will reveal anything told him in the con
fessional. There is not a single authentic
instance in all the hundreds of years of the
history of the church of the violation of the
secrecy of the confessional.— Rev. Father
Power, Catholic, Montgomery, Ala. .
ST. PATRICK.
St. Patrick taught Christianity in the spirit
of love and the brotherhood of man. We
should think of him because he belongs not to
j a sect but to the people. He takes a place in
i the history of Luther and all great reformers,
' and a fitting monument to his memory is the
j thousands of Irish hearts that keep ever green
the remembrance ot his work for God and hu
manity.—Rev. Dr. Long, Congregationahst,
Waukegan, 111.
MUNICIPAL GOVERNMENT.
Every city wants good streets and good sew
erage and suitable school buildings and public
works ot various kinds. The affairs to be at
tended to in a city are not political, but finan
cial. \ A city is like a great business firm. Poli
tics ought not to have anything to do with
city elections. The very best men to manage
important public enterprises ought to be
chosen to office.— Rev. Cyrus Richardson, Con
gregationalist, Nashua, N. H.
CUBA LIBRE. .
Let us sympathize with Cuba. Let us plead
for her rights and the liberties in the name of
religion of the brotherhood of man in the i
! name of the love note that speaks so clear and '
high amid the splendor of our nineteenth
century civilization. ; If this fails then let us
wrap around Cuba the Stars and Stripes— Old
Glory— and say to Spain and all the world
"Fire if you dare."— Rev. Francis Marston,
Presbyterian, Columbus, Ohio.
EDITORS AND PREACHERS.
The fact that journalists differ among them
selves and from the preachers on religion and
social questions should not surprise anybody i
who knows how much the preachers differ I
themselves -on- the same -questions. The I
preacners seem "to want the whole earth" of !
journalism a little too soon, while the editors i
whose outlook upon the world is wider, are
obliged to be economical with their preaching I
in order that their newspapers fulfill their
great distinctive , mission — publicity.— Rev.
John Grtmths, Presbyterian, Scranton,"Pa.
HELL.
To send a sinner to endless hell is no more a
victory over sin than to corral the social evil
within certain plague spots is a victory over
that vice, or to banish all the Hawaiian lepers
to Molokai is a victory over leprosy. - The only
victory over sin, as over physical disease, is to
cure i .— not to shut it up in any kind of nether
world, there to propagate and fester and put
refy to the end of infinite: time.— Rev. C F
Henry, Universalist, Cleveland; Ohio. ...
INGERSOLI..
Colonel In person is a glorious champion of
human liberty. There is no one on the plat
form who has done as much or is doinc so
much to free the individual from kingly or
priestly tyranny. He has genius, he has a great
heart, he loves humanity. No man of this gen
eration has such power to stage his thoughts.
His audience never wearies of his word-naint
ing or fails to respond in . joyous appreciation
Ten years ago, in a public address, I thanked
God for the French Revolution and Colonel
Ingersoll I believe they are both precursors
of a better -Rev. W. B. Craig, • Christian
Church, San Antonio, Tex. g> Clmsll(ui
THEN AND NOW.
- We have no right to conclude that the ante
diluvians were worse than mankind at other
epochs of the earth's history. We do not read
that they; were guilty ot idolatry, and they
were far from being so deep ; in * the slough iof
iniquity as the Sodomites and some of our
modern Babylonians. There cannot be much
doubt that the earth was as thickly populated
then as now. The sun pursues the same path
in the heavens, and the moon; presents > the
same phases, and the - nights distill the same
rains, and the seasons come ana go, and day
and night alternate, and the winds -blow and
the zephyrs sigh, and the flowers exude their
fragrance, ana : all things are as they ever
ware-Rev. R. Duffy. Episcopalian, Laramie
»* yo. : . _ W _ . .. '
Scarcity of Corks.
"It may seem a trivial thing to you *•
said a well-known druggist, "out one of
j our greatest annoyances is about corks.
j I nave been in the drug business for nearly
j fifteen years and I feel sure that my expe-
I rience is no different from that of every
| other druggist. The trouble I complain of
j is thatof almost ninety-nine out of every 100
! persons when presenting a bottle for medi
cine will invariably retain the cork until
you have filled the bottle, put a cork in
and tied it up, when they will say: 'I
have the cork.' This may seem a trifle to
j kick about, but corks cost money, and
! then there is trouble occasionally to find
I one to fit a bottle properly. The amount
of money we lay out annually for corks
might be cut down fully 50 per cent if our
customers would only think."—Philadel
phia Record.
A Faithful Dog Postman.
He is a faithful, cautious official, the
hero of the East Sullivan dog stoiy. Don,
the dog postman, has been taught to carry
the mail daily across the field to the home
of G. E. Simpson, a distance of about one
fourth of a mile, where he makes known
the arrival of the mail by barking at the
i door, and, although not a Government
! employe, exacts his pay in the form of
something to eat, and will bark until his
demand is granted. One day last week he
carried the mail as usual, but on arriving
at the house could not gain admittance, as
Mr. and Mrs. Simpson were away andj as
it was about noon, he was anxious to de
liver the bundle of papers to get his com
mission. As the only person about the
place was a young man hauling' wood (a
| stra .ger to the clog), he would not give up
: the mail, but with a crestfallen counten
: ance brought it back to his master. The
| Bar Harbor Record thinks there are
) emptier heads than L>ons. — Lewiston
Journal.
__^_ NEW TO-DAT.
~~m ARGONAUT
mm WHISKEY
S^^^3 ti MaRTINWAS BUILT IN
THREE WEEKS
A Steamer for Alaska Is
Launched at Alameda
Point.
ALL RECORDS BROKEN.
Shipping Men Say That the
Work Is the Quickest
Known.
WILL GO NORTH THIS MONTH.
The New Craft Is the Kadiack, Euilt
far the Alaska Improvement
Ccmpany.
The steamer Kadiack, launched at Hay
A Wrighfa shipyard, Alaraeda Point, is
regarded by shipping men as a wonder, for
The Alaskan Steamer Kadiack, Which Has Been Built at Alaraeda Point in Three Weeks.
[Skeicned yesterday by a "Call" staff artist.]
the reason that she was built in twenty- j
one days.
This steamer, capable of can-ying from i
400 to 500 tons of freight, is 110 feet long,
•with 22 feet beam and 9}£ feet depth of
hold. She is to be operated by engines of !
350 horsepower, and her boiler is 8 by 16
feet. The cost of building was $20,000.
As soon as the machinery can be put in
place, which will require about ten days,
the steamer will sail for Alaska, to be used
bf the Alaska Improvement Company for
the cannery business.
Mr. Hay of the shipbuilding firm at. Ala
meda Point declares that never before on
the Pacific Coast has a vessel so large as
the Kadiack been built in so short a time, j
He thinks that witb the exception of a
Jew instances in the construction of war
vessels, the record of the world has been
broken.
Seventy-five men were engaged in the
construction of the steamer, and these
men were at the shipyard only twenty-one '
days before the steamer was launched. !
The demands of the owners of the craft ;
made rapid work necessary, but it is main- j
tamed that the vessel will be as stanch i
and strong as any in the northern seas.
Mr. Hay states that the ordinary time j
allowed for the building of such a steamer ;
would not be less than three months, i
though in this instance the time was cut
down to twenty-one working days.
The Kadiack is solidly built and has I
. only copper and galvanized fastenings.
Hhe i? to carry two masts and will be •
fchooner-rigged, with one square sail. A
steam gypsy will be used for hoisting the i
anchors.
There is nothing very graceful about the
:: lines of the steamer, but the builders say
for use in the fisheries she will not be ex- i
«elled. Quarters for the captain, the orri- |
cers and the crew are all on deck, and the
cabin is 56 feet in length.
Ten days is the time allowed for the tit
ting up of the steamer with machinery,
and then the Kadiack will be ready for
the sea — an Alaskan steamer built and j
equipped here in thirty-one days.
Hay & Wright say that there is a great
rash in ship-buildme and repairing this
season, and they have many orders now
on hand. An idea of the amoant of work
being done is indicated by the assertion
that $1500 a week is being paid in wages to
the workmen employed at the yard.
CHARGED WITH INSANITY.
Mrs. Hedwig Schutz Tells a
Story of Cruelty and
Persecution.
She Sued for a Divorce and Her Hus
band Wants Her Sent to an
Insane Asylum.
Mrs. Hedwig Schutz of 234 D street was
taken to the lteceiving Hospital yesterday
morning on a warrant sworn to by her
husband charging her with insanity.
She is a bright little woman, about 25
rears of age, and talks as sensibly as any
tane person. She claims that she is being
persecuted by her husband and her arrest
is due to his desire to evaae the resj^onsi-
billty of maintaining her and her two
.children.
"We were married about three years
ago," said Mrs. Schutz, "my husband
being at the time superintendent of the
Balein Cemetery in Ban Mateo County.
I'or the past year he has refused to sup
port me and, driven to desDeration, about
(■even months ago I applied to the trustees
of the cemetery for relief. The trustees,
Jitter hearing my story, decided to with
hold $40 a momh from my Husband's
s-alary to be paid to me. This arrange
ment did not suit Mm and he resigned his
position.
'Since then he has practically deserted
; me, and I have been earning enough by
■eying and going out to do laundry work
to keep myself and babies alive. He some
times c«me to the uouse, but it was simpJy
to abuse and Oeat me.
"A few weeks aeo I consulted Attorney
E. M. Morgan, and he advised me to file a,
suit for divorce on the grounds of deser
tion and failure to provide. As soon as he
learned that I bad applied for a divorce he
made efforts to get our little boy and girl,
and wanted Sister Julia, who kept them
for some weeks, to take them again, but I
want my children. I have supported them
for five weeks at my sister's bouse and am
able to do so longer. I suppose because he
could not got the little ones he wants me
put in an insane asylum to effect his pur
pose."
Attorney Morgan said yesterday that
Mrs. Schutz's story was true in every par
ticular. Her husband bad not done any
work since he left his position in the cem
etery, and hnd persecuted and hounded
her in a most shameful way.
The surgeons at the hospital are con
vinced that Mrs. Schutz is perfectly sane.
She will be taken before the Insanity Com
missioners to-day, but it is believed she
will be released at once.
MRS. MARTIN'S CONDITION.
She Wag Uuable to Appear in Court to
Be Arraigned.
The case of Mrs. Susan MfTrtin, charged
with the murder of her husband, John F.
Martin, was called in Judge Joachirnsen's
court yesterday morning- She did not ap
pear in court, but was represented by her
attorney, Carroll Cook.
Mr. Cook stated that Mrs. Martin was
unable to Jeave the matron's room in the
Receiving Hospital, and at his request and
owing to the fact that Detective Crockett,
the arresting officer, was on his v.ay to
Denver, the arraignment of the defendant
was continued till Friday.
Mrs. Martin is undoubtedly a very sick
woman, and Dr. Card, the family'physi*
cian, says she may suffer a complete col
lapse at any time. She refuses to talk or
10 eat any solid food and is in a very weak
and exhausted condition.
Attorney Cook says he is in possession of
sufficient "evidence to establish the tact
that Mrs. Martin's attack upon her hus
band was not premeditated. As to whether
nthe defense would be on the lines of ter-
porary insanity he declined to say, but he
was convinced that her mental condition
at the time of shooting her husband was
unnatural and rendered her irresponsible
for the act.
MAYOR SUTRO ON RINGS.
He Says There Are a Number
Working Against Him
in This City.
The Contractors for the City Hall
Dome Are Granted Another
Extension.
Mayor Sutro delivered his opinion on
rings in general before the meeting of the
City Hall Commissioners yesterday, but
his outburst of feeling failed to raise the
usual storm, and the meeting was more
peaceful on the average than those that
have taken place the past few weeks.
A number of members of the Merchants'
Association were present to urge the adop
tion of the association's pian for a direc
tory for the hall.
Both Auditor Broderick and City and
County Attorney Creswell were opposed to
taking hasty action in the matter. Both
stated that they realized the importance
of having a suitable directory, but they
desired to wait until the various depart
ments had been located permanently so
that there would be no necessity of chang
ing the corridor guides.
J. Richard Freud urged that the matter
be settled at once and the Mayor agreed
with rjim, but the other Commissioners
declared that they wanted time to look into
the matter and refused to allow the ques
tion to go to a vote.
Then the Mayor held his own little in
dignation meeting and said: "You see
there's a solid two against me here. I
know of no reason why this should be de
layed, but everywhere there is a majority
against me.
"There's a solid four in the Board of
Health and in Congress old Huntington
has a majority. So you see I'm helpless.
"That old scoundrel Huntington is at
the bottom of it ail. Ho has Cleveland,
Congress and all under his thumb. We
might as well bury the stars and stripe".
They may put me in jail, but I will tell
them what a pack of bandits tney are."
No reply was made and the commission
took up the question of allowing O'Conneli
& Lewis thirty days' extension of time to
finish the dome. The commission decided
some time ago to grant no more exten
sions, but on the showing that the com
pletion of the dome had been delayed by
the slow progress made on the statue
the contractors were allowed the time re
quested.
The question of letting the contract for
constructing the new roof to one man or
segregating it into a number of contracts
was discussed at length, a number of con
tractors being present to urge the latter
course.
Architect Shea and Auditor Brodenck
thought a single contract was the proper
thini;, as in that case the responsibility
for any damage to the hall while the new
roof was being put in could be easily
fixed. The matter was taken under ad
visement.
BUNKER HILL'S MEMORY.
Preliminary Meeting to Arrange for Its
Perpetuation.
The Blinker HHI Association held its
reguiar meeting Jast evening. William G.
Badger presiding. The principal business
of the evening was the appointment of the
executive committee, as follows: William
F. Muhler Jr., chairman; Hugh W. Clark,
A. F- Wheaton, W. H. Homer and Georce
W. Caswell.
A communication was received from the
Pacific Coast Association of the Native
Sons of Vermont, F. Dillingnam, Esq..
president, stating that they had accepted
the invitation of the Bunker Hill Associa
tion and will unite with it in com
memorating the 120 th anniversary of the
Battle of Hunker Hill by a picnic or ex
cursion to Glen .hllen, Sonoma County.
Wednesday, June 17. 180 G.
Otto Schmidt Indicted.
Otto Schmidt was yesterday indicted by the
United States Grand Jury for impersonating an
agent of the Seciet Service and collecting $25
irom John Tabler oi Oakland.
Goodness, gracious! I'm well already. How
quickly Mitchell's Magio Lotion acul *
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, APRIL 8, 1896.
STOVES MADE IN PRISON.
Large Numbers of Them Are
Said to Be on Sale in
This City.
INVESTIGATION TO BE MADE.
Meeting of the Directois of the Man
ufacturers' and Producers'
Association.
The stockholders of the Manufacturers'
and Producers' Association met yesterday
afternoon, M. J. Keller presiding, and
among those present being J. P. Currier,
A. McLaughlin, Julian Sonntag and L. R.
Mead.
The assembled stockholders confirmed
the action of the members of the associa
tion in electing a board of directors at their
recent annual meeting. However, as the
constitution requires that the directors be
elected by the stockholdara, the election
was repeated with the same result as at
the annual meeting of the members.
The stockholders' meeting then ad
journed and the directors went into ses
sion. Their first act was the election of
officers in the board, which resulted as fol
lows: President, the Hon. Horace Davis;
first vice-president, M. J. Keller; second
vice-president, F. W. Bowers; third vice
president, H. J. Crocker; secretary, L. R.
Mead; assistant secretary, Frederick H.
Dinsle; treasurer, Andrea Sbarboro; man
ager, S. H. Tacy. besides whom were pres
ent Directors J." W. Kerr, A. McLaughlin
and J. P. Currier.
Proceedings opened with the reading of
the following report from Manager Tacy:
San Francisco, Cal., April 7, 1896.
To thf Board of Directors of the Manufacturers'
and Producers' Association of California—Gen
tlemex: One of our members who manu
factures stoves and ranges has handed me the
name of a wholebale firm in this City who
has recently contracted with the North western
Stove Foundry 10 handle thejstoves and ranges
made by the latter party at the Oregou State
Prison.
This member claims that the stove manufac
turers of this State can meet in price and qual
ity the competition of the Eastern Jmunufac
turers who employ honest labor, but it is ut
terly impossible to" compete with prison-made
goods. He claims that prison-made stoves and
ranges can be sold to jobbers in this City at 2U
cents per pound, which is less than the actual
cost to the California manufacturers, and as
there is nothing to distinguish the prison-made
goods irom others, the public cannot discrim
inate in their purchases.
The sale of prison-made goods of various
kinds in this State deprives a large number of
honest mechanics of employment and the ex
tremely low price at which these stoves and
ranges can be sold will force our manufac
turers to close their shops or oblige them to
reduce wages in order to keep their works in
operation. It is therefore necessary that this
association take immediate action in the
matter.
As there is no law compelling the branding
of prison-made goods, it is evident that the
adoption of a trade-mark by this association,
to be used on all goods manufactured by our
members, would be of solne assistance to the
public desirous of patronizing home indus
tries. Respectfully bubinitted.
b. H. Tacy, Manager.
The report was accepted and filed. The
general sense of the meeting appeared to
be against the importation of such goods.
Still, as there seemed to be some slight
difference of opinion regarding the matter
it was referred for investigation to Messrs.
Kerr, McLaughlin and Currier. The same
committee was ordered to brine in a report
on the advisability of the adoption of a
trade-mark by the association.
The action of the members at their an
nual meeting in selecting Messrs. Tacy
and Sonntag as delegates to the Home
Product Club of Bakersiield was ratified
and approved.
The following report, submitted by the
committee appointed to draw up a consti
tution ana by-laws for home product
clubs in various sections of the interior,
was read and adopted:
San Francisco, Cal., April 7, 1896.
To the Board of Director* of the Manufacturers'
and Producers' Association of California—Gen
tlemen: Your special committee appointed
to pass upon a constitution and by-laws for
the government of "Home Product Clubs" beg
to report that they have completed their labors
and submit herewith a copy of same, and
would recommend tliat the formation of such
clubs throughout the State be undertaken at
once. J. P. Cubrtkb,
A. Sbarboro,
Mrs. H. O. Trowbridge,
L. R. Mead.
It was decided that Manager Tacy be
sent, as soon as convenient, to organize
home product clubs in the country towns.
The directors also decided to invite
John H. McMenomy of the Butchers'
Board of Trade to address them at his con
venience. Mr. McMeuoiuy is said to have
expressed the view that the business of
the retail butchers was imperiled by in
cursions of wholesalers into the retail
market. In order to put a speedy ter
mination to any possible misunderstand
ing the directors will glndly listen to any
explanation of the matter which he may
present. In deliberating upon the subject
all the directors evinced a desire to come
to an amicable and harmonious under
standing at the earliest date possible.
NEW COMMITTEEMEN.
The Executive Bodies of the California
Inanimate Target Aasocia- .
tion.
M. C. Allen, president of the California
Inanimate Target Association, has ap
pointed the following committees to serve
for 1896:
Tournament committee — Charles J. ITass
Stockton Athletic Association Gun Club, chair
man; A. Musto, Stockton Gun Club; Charles A.
Merrill. Waterloo Gun Club; H. C. Goleher',
Olympic Gun Club ; \V. G. Proctor, Antioch Gun
Club; E. Werner, Elkhorn Gun Club of Watson
ville; W. E. Cook, Eureka Gun Club; F. E.
Voorheis, Amador County Gun Club; J. A.
Durst, Wheatland Gun Club; S. G. Billington
Empire Gun Club; J. O.Cadman, Reliance Gun
Club; O. M. Judy, San Joaquin Valley Gun
Club; D. Daniels, Lincoln Gun Club; H. M. N.
Spring, Garden City Cyclers' Gun Club; \y.. E
Proctor, Sutter Creek Gun Club; G. E. Pierce,
Placerville Gun Club; T. R. Barney, Alameda
County Sportsmen's Association ; A. A. Martin
Mill Valley Country Club; Edgar Forster
Electric Gun Club; R. Liddle Jr., Nimrod Gun
Club; C. O. Nicolaus, Capital City Gun Club of
Sacramento.
Appeals and grievances— H. H. White (chair
man), Olympic Gun Club; H. Quinton, Lincoln
Gun Club; David Winders.Waterloo Gun Club;
Colonel S. I. Kellogg, Reliance Gun Club; Gny
Gllmer, San Joaquin Valley Gun Club of Vi-
Mlllll.
Auditing and finance— G. Ditz Jr. (chair
man), Stockton Gun Club; Frank Rushstaller,
Capital City Bluerock Club; w. F. Andrus,
Empire (Jun Club.
Membership committee— Joseph Rogs (chair
man), Antioch Gun Club; Joseph Easola, Amn
dor County Gun Club; Charles Cate, Lincoln
Gun Club; F. H. Holmes, Garden City Cyclers'
Gun Club: George B. Sperry, Stockton Athletic
Association Gun Club.
The new tournament committee will
have charge of the tournament to be held
at Stockton on May 30 and 31.
EDITOR BUNNER HOME.
The Brilliant Contributor to "Puck"
Beached Xutley, N. J.. Yesterday,
and In Very Low.
Editor H. C. Bunner of Puck reached
his country home at Nutley, N. J., yester
day in a very low state. It will be remem
bered that he left here last Thursday, after
several weeks of close confinement at the
Occidental with tuberculosis.
It was thought very doubtful if he could
reach home, but Mrs. Bunner, as well as
himself, was anxious for it. They set
out, accompanied by W. C. Bunner of this
City, his relative. Yesterday J. C. Bunner.
brother of the latter gentleman, received
this telegram :
NCTLEY, N. J. April 7, 1896.
J. C. Bunner, San Francisco: Arrived to-day.
He is very low. Will write to-morrow.
W. C. Bunnee.
It was feared that the trip over the
Sierras would be very hard on the ailing
journalist, but a letter written from Wyo
ming, which has just come to hand, stated
that he had stood the mountain altitude
well. It appears that after he got on tne
Eastern lowlands he grew worse.
BUILDING TO THE COAST
The Sierra Madre Railroad to
Mazatlan in Course of
Construction.
It Will Penetrate the Rich Mining
Districts of Mexico and Bring
Trade This Way.
A full corps of engineers and surveyors
have been put into the field al El Paso,
beyond the frontier, and they are now
heading toward the Pacific Coast. This
means that the Sierra Madre trunk line,
known as the Gulf, Rio Grande and Pacific
Railway, intends to build a transcontinen
tal line through Northern and Central
Mexico. The El Paso Telegram and Mexi
can Herald have given considerable space
to the project, holding that it is destined
to be an important factor in the develop
ment of rich mineral and timber regions
in Mexico.
The new railway also has a direct sig
nitica'ice for San Francisco, and indeed for
the whole Pacific Coast. It will open a
wonderfully ricn and fertile country now
awaiting settlement and development,
and at the same time bring that region
into communication with ban Fran<isco.
Much of the business in freighting down
there now passes down the eastern de
clivity of the Sierra Madres and is absorbed
by St. Louis and Western and Eastern
cities, the Mexican Central and Mexi
can International lines diverting the
traffic from California. With the new
► road in operation the remunerative busi
ness of the mines already in operation
and industries yet to be started will b«
done with the Pacific Coast, to the exclu
sion of Eastern competitors.
The company constructing the road has
built several hundred miles of railway on
the past side, with the intention of having
a through trunk line from Tampico to
Juarez City, just over the border from El
Paso, and thence to Mazatlan, on the Pa
cific Coast. It has command of ample
capital to carry on this work. It is under
stood that graders will fall to work imme
diately behind the engineers.
In commenting on the enterprise the
Mexican Herald remarks: '"Boss" Shep
herd said in a recent interview that the
building of such a road would put 50,000
Americ&n miners at work along the route
inside of two years— and the boss knows
something of the resources of the Sierra
Madre.
Thete miners would have to be supplied
almost wholly by California and the other
Pacific Coast mineral States, and in this
particular alone a close bond between Cali
fornia and Northwestern Mexico would
be inevitable.
The road is planned through the mining
districts of Western Chihuahua and Du
rango, almost iv a due southwesterly
course to the Taruazula pass into the State
of Sinaloa, and thence down the foothills
of the Sierra Madre to Mazatlan.
The line will pass through the Mormon
settlements on the Casas Grundes River.
"Instead of running over the parched
plains of a practically desert country, as
the Mexican Central does for 800 miies
after the first 100 miles from Juarez, the
Sierra Madre road will De everywhere
flanked by a country containing much and
extremely fertile farming land, abundantly
watered, overgrown with dense forests of
the finest construction timber and ribbed
with the richest of metalliferous veins,"
says the Mexican Herald.
This is the character of tde country to
be traversed down to the Tamazuia pass,
a distance of about 800 miles. Beyond
there, and on to Mazatlan, about 250
miles, the road will probably hug the foot
hills of thi Sierra Madre, having the great
mines of San Dimes and other famous dis
tricts tributary on the left and the richest
agricultural and fmit lands in all Mexico
on the right, with vast forests of the finest
cabinet woods and dye wooda, wild indigo
and other mordant plants, all aDout it.
With Intent to Defraud.
A warrant was sworn out in Judge Joachim
sen's court yesterday by Dutton & Co., hay and
pram merchants, for the arrest of A. J. Turner,
proprietor of the Mascot Rtables on Golden
Gate avenue, neiir Lacuna street, <m the charge
ox selling and concealing property with intent
to defraud. Turner, who Is indebted to Dutton
& Co. to the extent of $280 75, sold out his
stables on April 1 without uotifying his credi
tors ; hence the charge.
NEW TO-DAY.
Electficilts!
DON'T PAY FANCY
PRICKS FOR ELKC-
TKIC BELTS. WE
One of HAVE THE BEST
Our Customers. AT CUT PRICES.
$1.50 TO $10.¥F0R TRUSSES.
We Guarantee a Perfect Fit.;
, ALL OOODS AT CUT RATES.
Falne's Compound ......2 60
Munyon's Remedies.;.... :..:.'.-.. ..'....,...., ,15
Joy*, Hood's or Ayer's *-arsaparilla ...:..', 05
Sage's Catarrh Remedy .'. ..:.....'.; ..'. ' 40
i'lnkham's Compound. "..*:.'..••;.; -....r. 75
Elastic Stockinas"..... ..:... ..'.... 2.50
Syrup Figs and 'Pond's Kxtracs .... . .'. ."..'. . .'. . . ' 35
Galvanic and Faradlo Batteries. w..... .';.;... 4.00
Susueusory Bandages, a largo assortment:.... 25
Swift's 5pec1f1c.....:...... ...:.-.........:..... 75
NO-PERCENTAGE PHARMACY.
FREE CONSULTATION.
'. Our physician will give free consultation and
diaznosifi daily from 9 10 12 a. m. anil 7 to 10 p. m.
Patients In the Interior ' treated successfully by
writing for our Question Blanks. ■ : .'r\ •".*-•;
NO PERCENTAGE PHARMACY,
983 !VE»x-15.0t Street,
. '■ ' South aide, bet. Fifth and Sixth.,. . ..
OX*2S3NT AIjU NIGHT.
RESPITE FOR ASHWORTH
Judge Slack Sustains His De
murrer to the In
dictment.
THE DOCUMENT DEFECTIVE.
No Charges of Specific Violations of
the Law — Referred Back to
the Grand Jury.
The demurrer to the indictment against
Thomas Ashworth, which has been bang
ing fire before the Superior Court for so
long, has been sustained, and to avoid fur
ther miscarriage of justice Judge Slack
has ordered the case referred to the present
Grand Jury for further investigation.
The indictment was filed on January 24,
1895. It charged that Thomas Ashworth,
the Superintendent of Streets, "willfully
and knowingly accepted street work done
on the public streets of said City and
County, and has recommended the accept
ance of and has issued assessments for the
same, knowing the said work not to be
fully performed according to the specifica
tions for said work." Then followed de
scriptions of defective pavements on
Lacuna street, between Oak and Pell; on
the crossing of Clay and Spruce; on Lyon,
between Washington and Jackson; on
Scott, between Green and Union; Pine,
between Webster and Fillmore; and La
guna, between Sacramento and California;
a sidewalk on Valencia, between Thir
teenth and Fourteenth: and a sewer on
Chestnut, between Larkin and Polk.
The defendant demurred to the accusa
tions against him on the grounds that
there were not sufficient facts stated and
that the indictment was not direct and
certain as to the particular circumstances
of the offenses charged.
In sustaining the demurrer Judge Slack
says:
The offense for the conviction of which any
of the designated (district, county, township or
municipal) officials may be removed from
office is any willful or corrupt misconduct in
office. The misconduct may be cither willful
or corrupt. It need uot Ineeessarily be corrupt
misconduct, or, in other words, conduct
amounting to a wrongiul design to acquire or
cause some pecuniary or other advautag'j to
the officer or to some other person. If uot cor
rupt the misconduct must be willful ; but "will
ful" in this sense means not simply a purpose
or willingness to do an act which the officer
should not do, or to omit to do an act which
he should do, but a purpose on the part oi the
officer to do or omit the act from bad motives,
with a knowledge that it was hiwduty to do or
to omit it. Mere knowledge, furthermore, on
the part of the officer that requires him to do or
to omit au act does not amount to willfulness
if the act be omitted or done r>y him, for his
conduct may be wanting in wrongful purpose,
or be simply negligent.
The officer must be under an official duty to
do or to omit the act complained of in order to
be guilty of misconduct, aud this should be
disclosed by the accusation.
The accusation, if it does not charge corrupt
misconduct in oflioe must charge willful mis
conduct, in the seuse in which that term is
above interpreted. The offense constituting
the misconduct, must, besides, be stated in
ordinary and concise language, and with
directness and certainty with regard to its
particular circumstances.
In counts I and 11, however, there is no allega
tion that the defendant Accepted any street
work: in none of the counts is it alleged that
the defendant i'suod assessments for street
work, and in none of ihera is there any allega
tion that the defendant did the acts with
which he is charged "willfully" and in counts
VII and VIII he is not even charged with hay
NEW TO-DAY.
The long Winter
days are nearly over*
A succession of Golds*
Coughs or Pneumonia
has weakened the
system and strength
doesn't seem to come
back again* You re-
main pale and weak*
You have a slight
cough in the morning
and perhaps a little
fever in the afternoon*
You need A Food as
a Spring medicine* not
a mere tonic* Such a
food is Scott's Emulsion
of Cod-liver Oil with
Hypophosphites which
will heal inflamed mem-
branes* make good
blood and supply food
for sound flesh*
'*" ■'"'• ' |ria ' ' * ■
TS THE VEKV bK>i ONJB To EXAMINE
| -L your eyes and fit mem to Spectacles and Eye-
your eyes and n't tnem to Spectacles and Eye-
i glasses, with' instruments of his. own invention,
whose superiority had not been equaled. My suc-
cess has been due to the merits Of my work. -
- Office Hours— l 2 to 4p. m. -- ... . ■ -..'-.
COAL! COAL
Wellington. ......! $10 00
N>utnfield. .....:'.....;.. 950 ;...
Genuine Coos Bay. 6 Half ton. 350
Seattle...... 8 00— Half ton. 400
8ryant.....;.................. 7 00— Hull ton. .4 00
Telephone— Black— 3s. ....'..'-.'.'.->'.,
KNICKERBOCKER COAL CO.,
,622 Howard Street, Near First. •.
Baja California^ .
Damiana Bitters
[ Is a powerful aphrodisiac and specific tonic for the
! sexual and urinary : orgaa3 of both : sexes, - and a ■
I great remedy for diseases or the kidneys and blad-
i der. A great Restorative, Invigoratorand Nervina. ,
i Bells- on ; Its own .Merits— no long-winded . testi-
monials necessary. ■.-■.'■ " - ..
■---» .^AiitiK, ALPS & BKUNK, Agents.
383 Market St., S. F.-(nend lor Circular.)
NOTARY PUBLIC.
/"IHAKLES :H. - PHILLIPS, ATTORNEY-AT-
\J law and Notary Public, 638 Market st., oppo-
site Palace Hotel.' Telephone 670.' Residence 1620
Fell st. -;. Telephone- :* Pine" 2591, ...:.. . . •
ing done the acls "knowingly." There Is,
therefore, a contradiction between the general
introduction to the counts and the counts
themselves and a radical defect in each count,
considered apart from the inapplicable intro
duction, in the failure to charge "willful' 1
misconduct.
The nearest approach which the accusation
makes to a charge of a violation of official duty
is to be found in count VII. It is there alleged
that the defendant, under '■Public Contrnct
No. 2193," accepted as satisfactory certain
cement sidewalks, though the said walks did
not have tm-paper joints, as required by the
specifications.
For the foregoing reasons the demurrer to
the accusation must be sustained and allowed ;
but ns the defendant may have been guilty of
willful misconduct in office with respect to the
public contract mentioned In count VII, and
perhaps also with respect to the public con
tracts mentioned in counts I and 11, and to
avoid the possibility of the jndgment on de
murrer being a bar to ftnother accusation for
such offenses. under section 1008, Pen el Code,
as the court is. of the opinion that the objec
tions on which the demurrer herein is allowed
may be avoided in a uew accusation, the court
will direct the case in these respects to be sub
mitted to the present Grand Jury to investi
gate whether or not the defendant has been
guilty of such willful misconduct, as that term
has been defined in this opinion.
AIONG THE FRONT.
A Fleet of Vessels Arrive, One of Which
Was Quarantined.
A fleet of vessels reached port yesterday.
The Bass Rock arrived from Dunkirk, the
Holt Hill from Liverpool, the Bradloch
and Birch Broon from Newcastle, N. S.
\V., and the Leyland Brothers from Liver
pool. The Bradloch came into port on
fire and the Leyland Brothers was placed
in quarantine. Shortly before leaving
London a case of smallpox was discovered
and then yellow fever broke out. After
consulting with the Board of Health,
Quarantine Officer Chalmers allowed her
to dock, but insist ed that the men's cloth
ing should be fumigated.
The Oceanic Company's steamer Aus
tralia sailed for Honolulu yesterday with
the following passengers:
Robert Abrams, A. F. Alvarez, Dr. L. F. Al
varez, Jacob Bearwald, Mrs. Bruce Cartwright,
Rev. Dr. E. R. Dille, Kiln Margaret Fitzgerald,
Charles Webb Howard, G. D.Lunt, S. Jfagnin,
Miss Pearl Makinney, Mrs. O. 0. Swain, E. S.
Tucker and wife, Dr! Alfred C. Wall, William
Waterhouse, Mrs. W. C. Weedon, S. \V. Wileox
and w. H. Woohvorth and wife.
Dr. Dille is on a vacation, and expects to
be away about live weeks. A large num
ber of the doctor's congregation assembled
on the wharf to see him off.
The British ship Godiva was released
from her imprisonment yesterday. The
tugs Sea King, Hercules, Sea Witch and
Liberty got hold of her, and by sheer force
pulled her out of her muddy bed. The
Godiva is now on her homeward voyage.
Harbor Commissioners Cole and Chad
bourne, accompanied by Chief Engineer
Holmes and Architect " Swain, vent to
Niles yesterday to inspect the Niles stone
quarry to see if it were suitable for the
ferry building. They will return to-day,
and a decision will be reached to-morrow.
NEW TO-DAT.
An absolutely safe dentifrice, popular with refined people for over
half a century. - - - - All Druggists.
£r Tjeeth^Breath.
A sample of liquid Bozodont by mail, provided you mention this publication and send three cents f»r
postage. Address the Proprietors of Sozodont, Hall & Ruckel, Wholesale Druggists, New Yorfc City.
RAILROA3 TRAVEL
BIG REDUCTION m RATES BY RAIL
....T0....
PORTIjANT). on.
WEDNESDAY APRIL 8,
. And Every Fifth Day Thereafter.
Leave from S. P. Co.'s Ferry landing, toot - ;'>
of Market St., at 8:00 P. m. - - • ; .
At to to— Including iieri.u in Pullman Tourisi
& ■U U '-teeper.. : ; .; 'Z't* . ;
'■. :- ; ....ALSO.... i t ;\?, ?S.-.K.v
First-ciass tleketß, Including berth in 4_1A.00
Pullman Standard Sleeper, iJ)J-U .
SPECIAL NOTICE.
This train will not stop to deliver or take on pa»
eengers at Intermediate stations, nor will tickets *»
sold or baggage checked to such points.
_ffr TUroußh .Tickets for ruse* Sound
points oil Sale at Reduced Kates. '■
For further Information apply at - ■ ':'■
613 MARKET STREET (Grand Hot«t
. -■ Ticket Office), San Francisco.
RICHARD GRAY, T. H. GOODMAN,
Gen. Traffic Mgr. . ■ Gen. Pass. Agt
SOUTIIKR2V I'AI'IFIC C'OJI_»AAX. '
■ . (PACIFIC &VSTEM.) :. . ■
Train* leuve ami ar« duo to arrive at
: ■ has mwnw.
leavk • — _ From MARcri 28. 1396. — ARniVB
7:OOa AtTaiTtic Kxpress, Ug'lcn and Kast.. 57-_sp
7:OUa Benicia, VacaTille. Ruir.scy. Sacra-
mento, and Redding via Davis.... 7:1 op
7:00 a Martinez, San Rpmon, Napa, Calis- . : .
. toga and Santa Rosa . 6:13p
!»::«<> a HOes, San Joae, (Stockton, lone. •
Sacramento, Marysvillo, Bed llluff
ami Sundays executed Oroville i : 1 .1
•8: 3O a Peters mid Mi1t0n........ ""7:15p
S:«m>a Los Angeles Express. Fresno, Santa
1 Barbara and lion Augelcs ••'■_i4sp
0:00 a Martinez and Stockton 1O:15a
»:OOAVaVlejo ;.... O-.lSt
l:OOp Niles, San Jose and Liveimore , 8:43 a
•I:OOp Sacramento River Steamers *!) :00p
flsSOp Port Costa and W_y Stations t7:43p
4:UOp Martinez, baa ltamon, Vallejo,
Napa, Calistoga, .F.I Verano and
Sautaßosa.. 9:15-
-■_:OOp Benicia, Esparto,'. Woodland
Knights Landing, Marysville
- Orovillo and Sacramento «O: t .">a
4:30 - Bliss, - San Jobo, Livermore and
Stockton 7:15p
4:20p Merced, Berenda, Kiymond (for
, . Yosemitc) and FreKno Ili4il_.
BiOOp Now Orleans lixpress.-'rcsiio, Bakers-
lic-lil. Santa ii;ubnru,J,ns Aiigulcn,
. " . Deming, El Paso, New Orleans and _-•-"
; . .» Ea5t...... 10:13 a
BiOOp Santa i'o Route, Atlantic Express
forMojavo and East : 1O:13a
5:0©pVaUcj0......... 1I:»3a
6:OOi- i:nropuaii Mail, Ogdeu and Bust.... 9:1."» a
«:<»<» i" lluvwavcls, Milts ami Han Jose . ~:43 a
t7:«»(»i' Vaiiejo . .^.. t7:_sp
7>Woi> Orcj;on Kxpress, Sacramento, Marj'S- '■'-;-"
ville, 'lteildine. Portland, Piiget
Sound and liust 10:43 a
«T10:05p "Sunset Limited," Fresno, Los
Ango'.es, El Paso, New Orleans
andKaU.... y t!2:45p
SANTA «;itHZ I>IVIs»».N (Narrow tianarc,. ~
17:45 a Santa Cruz Exnirsion, Santa Cruz . _•
ru-i - and Principal tv'ay Stations ; js:o3p
8:13 a Newark, Centerville.Hiin.loßC, Felton,
lioulder Creek, Santa and Way
>.' ; 5tati0n5.......;.......... 0»5Op.
• 2:15p Newark, Ccntervllle, San Jose, Neir '
Almaden, Felton, l.outdcr Creek, •
Santa Cruz and • Principal Way
. 5UU0n5.....'........:......." .•11:80a
4:15p Newark, Sun . loan and 1 ins <!a10>.... 9:30a 1
CO AS I lU VISION (Iliinl X Tim iisi-ml Sis.)
6:45 a Kan Jose ami Way Stations (New
* ; Almadeu Wednesdays 0n1y)....... l:_3p
8:15 a San .loso, Tres l'iuos, Santa Cruz, • i .'\--
Pacilio Grove, Paso Rubles, Sau .
■ - 1 .i.is Obispo, Guadalupo and Priii- .
■ cipal Way Stations 7:05 -
IO:4Oa Ban .lose nml Way Stations...;:..;, S:O«p
11:13 a Palo Alto ami Way Stations....,-. ;• 8:U0p
, «a:3Ur Ban Jose, Giiroy, Ties Piuoa, f■ ta r ,?
Cruz, Balinas,Monterey ami Pacfllc -
<;rovc.... *IO:4O.\
■ *3t!ior Sun <1 use amlPrincipal Way Stations 0:47 a
•4:30r San Joso ami Way Stations **!i:OOA
!i:'Miv San Jose anil Wny 5tati0n5......... »8:-JSa
«::tOi> San Jose ami Way Stations. • fl:_3.\
|11«45p.8an .lost: an.l Way 5Uti0n5......... t?:4.~>
SAN Iir.A.NOUO AM) HAY \\ A UPS LOCAL.
____________ , _ _ 7:15 A
8:OOa ''.; ':.!" '...;. v; , «0:43 A
. iS.SSa"' MclroM, Seminary Part, %ss£
• a _!B«P HtchbMs, San Leaudro *fj*gj'
3:OOp ! : ■ * M • 1.-43P
. 4:00p f . * U . 5;43P
; 5:0»p ■•''■ ii.,. ,], 6:1 3r
> 5:30p , ■ *"****"-■ . . tins
i 7:«>op . »:43P
8:00p . _ '■■•■''- ;. \ ' ;*■• ' 9:151'
9:00p » Kirns tlirough to lies. , 10.50r
ttll^ap^l t From Niles. ' \ftl3:ooP
; CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
From SAS FRiHCISCO— Foot or Market Street (Slip 8)— ' ~-
j *7:15 0:00 11:00 A.M.' tl:30'*2:00 13:C0
■ •i:00 . J5:00 .. »6:00p.u. y .■
From OAiaAHD— Foot of Broadway.—' ■ *6:00 ' 8:00
10:00 a._. tl2;50':*l:00-/., 13:00 *3:03 *4:00
■ *5:00f.M.. ■-;.,.. ;-, :- ...■ .■ ... ' '. ■■ . ■ - ■ .. v
■': AforMoniing. " ; :, P for Afternoon.
• Sunday* excepted. • i Saturdays only.
' .• • X Sundays only. . : : days only. £< ■-: ■
tl Monday. Thursday and Saturday nights only. -
SHE VISITED THE MAJOR
R. T. Hardin's Story of Miss
Lillian Ashley, Who Is
Suing Baldwin.
Testimony Against the Woman's
Character Received From
Kentucky.
The deposition of R. T. Hardin of Lex
ington, Ky., has been added to the bulk of
papers in the buit of Miss Lillian Ashley
against jj. j. Baldwin. Miss Ashley ia
suing Baldwin for $75,000 damages for be
trayal.
The deposition of Hardin was made for
the defendant. In his statement Hardin
says he first met Miss Ashley in Cyntuiana,
Ky. She was then visiting some people
known to both Hardin and herself. He
met her first at a horse sule, his deposition
says, and the acquaintance grew until she
became communicative. tshe told him
how she had visited California and had
met a Mr. E. J. Baldwin there and how
nice he had been to her and how she
longed to go back again to visit him.
in the meantime something he heard
from a friend in Virginia, a Major H. C.
Chamblin, led him to make inauiries.
He found that Miss Ashley knew Chamb
lin, had gone to visit him at his ranch in
Virginia, and meeting him on the way
there she returned with him to Kicbrnond.
He saw a photograph or two and several
letters, and then he taxed Miss Ashley
with the acquaintance and told her she
must leave his friend's house or he wouid
tell the story. Bhe left the house.
Afterward Baldwin met Hardin in Lex
ington, and to him Hardin told the story
winch he repeated in his deposition.
Depositions are coming from Major
Cuamblin.
Parcel Delivery by Wire.
Frank D. Prindle and \V. J. Page of
Grand Rapids, Mich., have asked the
Council for the right to erect poles and
string wires for a parcel - carrying sys
tem to extend over the entire city. The
system is much like that now used in
stores. On the wires will run small cans
or wat«r-proof buckets, propelled by elec
tricity, and controlled from a central
station. Parcels will be received at either
the central or substations and thence dis
patched to all quarters of the city, where,
at substations, they will be recived by
station-masters and given to boys with
bicycles for further distribution to the
persons to whom they ar»j addressed. The
avstem is the result of *even years' experi
menting, and is covered by patents. —
Chicago Times-Herald.
nAiLROAP travel:
SiSFR.4i\CISCO & KORTH PA-
CIFIC RAILWAY CO.
Tiburon Ferry— Foot of Market St.
San Francisco to San Rafael.
WEEK DAYS— 7:3O, 9:00, 11:00 a. if.- 1235
3:30, 5:10, 6:30 P. K. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— trips at 1:50
and 11:30 p. it
SCNDAYS-7:30. 9:30, 11:00 a.m.; 1:30, 3:30,
6:00,6:20 p.m.
San Rafael to San Francisco.
WEEK DAYS— 6:IS, 7:50, 9:10, 11:10 a u-
-12:45, 3:40, 5:10 p. k. Saturdays-Extra trips
at 1:55 p. M. and 6:35 p. it
SU ? - 7:35 ' 9:o!> ' 11:10 '*•"*•: 1:40, 3:40,
6:00, 6:25 P. M.
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park sam«
schedule as above.
:'- lje » ve TnofPopt Arrive
San Francisco. £°™ c San Francisco.
Wekk i Sun- -negation Sun- I We.k"
Days. I pays, destination. DAYa- |. DAYa .
7:30 am 7 :^o am | Xovato, 10:40 am 8:40 AM
3:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma, I 6:06 pm 10:10 am
6:10 pm 5:00 pm Santa Rosa. ! 7:30 pm 6:15 pm
Fulton,
7:30 am Windsor, 10:10 am
Healdsburg,
I Geyserville, •
8:30 pm 1 7:30 am j Cloverdale. 7:30 pm 6:15 pm
' ■ Vieta, I ~ ■ I r i "
Hopland & . i. : . .
7:3oam 7:30 am Uklah. | 7:30 m' 6:15 m
7:aOAM! .. . I • i I 10:10 am
j 7:30 am GuernevMe. 7:30 pm
3:30 pm I | 6:15 pm
7:30 am 7:30 am Sonoma ; 10:40 am 8:40 am
6:10 I'm 6:00 pm and \ 6:05 pm 6:15 pm
i . Glen Ellen. | . (
7 :30 am ! 7 :30 am I ba/ ,, on<>l 110:40 am 1 10:10 am
3:30 5 :00 pm | S€bastop ° I - ; 6:05 pm[ 6:15 pm :
Stages connect at Cloverdale for the Geysers.
Stages connect at Fieta for Highland > s;,nn«
Kelseyville, I_ikeport.
Stages connect at TJklah for Vleny Springs, Bins
Lakes, Laurel Dell. Upper Lake, Boonpville, Green-
wood, Mendoclno City. Fort Bragg, Usal, Westport,
Cahto, Willetts, Calpella, Porno, Potter Valley, John-
Day's, Lively's, Gravelly Valley, Harris, scotia
and Eureka. • ,
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at reduced
rates. ■ . ■ : ■ ... *
On Sundays round-trip ticket* to all points b«.
: yond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices, 650 Market st., Chronicle building.
H.C. WHITING, . R.XRYAX,
• . ■ Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent.,
Atlantic
RAILROAD
Trains leave from and arrive > 3§iS?_S{fis*i
at Market-Street Ferry. 4&5&9 ii c&*&
SANTA FE EXPkt^ .;■:;_
To Chicago via A. & P. Direct Line
Leaves every ; day at ! 5 p. M., carrying Pullman.
Palace Sleepers and Tourist Sleeper to Chicago
via Kansas City without change. Annex cars lot
Denver and St. Louis. '■'■■:• __„_.
CHICAGO LIMITED, '
I From Los Angeles to Chicago. ;
" Solid Vestibule Train Daily," with Dining-cars,
under Harvey's management. Connecting trains
leave San Francisco at 9 a. m. and 6 p. m. dally.
The best railway from California to the East.-
New rails, new ties; no dust: Interesting scenery;'
and good meals in Harvey'a dining-ro»m or dlaiag*
cars. ■ ' ' :•"-.'■•■' ' - ■
Ticket Office— 644 Market Street,
CbrmUvlv Salidii(_g. . •
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD ;
(Via Sausalito Ferry).
From San Francisco, Com mm? Ing March 29, 1896.
*►; WEEKDAYS. ?.. •' r
For Mill Valley and San- Rafael — 7:00, *8:00
•9:16 10515, 11:45. a. m.: I:is, 3:-0, A:l5,
' 5:16. •6:00. ti :35 p. M. :. .
Extra trips for San . Bafael on Mondays, vVedn*»»
aays and Saturdays at 11:30 p. m. i . • • <•
- ..-.' ..-:.. .SUNDAYS. -;:■• :■■■■,■:.-■
For Mill Valley and San Rafael— »B :oo, *9:00, ■
•10:0O, 11:8Ja. m.;»»l_:3a -I :SO, *'J:l5, *4:00, >
■ 6:30, 6:45, 8:30 p. m. Extra trip to Sausalito at
• 11:00 a. M. .■'- . :\ .; ■
Trains marked * run to San Quentin. ••12»3O
' P. U. does not nin to Mill Valley.
THROUGH TRAINS. *
1 :45 p. m. weekdays— Cazadero and way station*. ■
8:00 a. if. Sundays— Cazadero and way stations. "
-.00 a. v. Sundays— Point Reyes ana way station*
1112
THE COMMERCIAL WORLD.
IDMMART or THK MARKETS.
I.:ir«e increase iv exports.
Telegraphic exch.inye higher.
Silver a fraction firmer.
Wheat freights quiet.
Wheat and Barley doing better.
Corn lower. Oats and Rye quiet.
Hay and Feedsluffs unchanged.
»ans and Seeds quiet.
No chance in Flour.
Potatoes cleaning up better.
Onions s'.eadv.
Vegetables show little change.
Butter weak. Cheese lower.
Ecks soil fairly.
YouriK Poultry firm. Hens lower.
Very few App.es here.
Oranges and Limes firm.
Dried Fruits and Raisins neglected.
Hams fairly active. Bacon and Lard dull.
Hides and Leather very quiet.
Diminished receipts of wool.
Hops still demoralized.
ColVe qi'.ic!.
Oils anchansed.
Hoes lower. Beef find mutton unchanged.
explanation.
The arrow files with the wind. The top fifrnTM
«< station indicate maximum temperature for the
days; those underneath it, If any, the amount of
rainfall, of melted snow in inches and hundredth*,
during the past twelve hours. Isobars, or solid
lines, connect points of equal air pressure; Iso
therm*, or dotted lines, equal temperature. The
word "high" means nlern barometric pressure and
Is usually accompanied by fair weather; "low"
refers to low pressure, and is usually preceded and
accompanied by cloudy weather and rains. "Lows"
usually first appear on the Washington coast,
\Vben the pressure is high In the interior and low
long the coast, and the isobars extend north and
■outti alone the coast, rain Is probable: but when
the -low" is inclosed with isobars of marked curva
ture rain south of Oregon is improbable. With it
••high" in the vicinity of Idaho, and the pressure
falling to the California coast, warmer weather may
be expected in summer and colder weather la win
ter. The reverse of these conditions will product
•c opposite result.
AVKATHER BUREAU REPORT.
I'NiTKn States Dkpartmext op Agkiccl-
TrRE, Wkatiier Bureau. Sax FRANCISCO,
April 7. 1896, 5 p. m. Weather conditions and
general forecast:
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to date
as compared with those of the same date las", sea-
eon: Eureka 37.07. last season 38.72; Red Bluff
16.!<1. last season 27.72; san Francisco 16.81. last
season 23.87: Fresno 5.37, last season 13.16: San
Luis Obispo 15.13. last season 24.90: Los Angales
B>B. last season 15.45: San Diego 6.68, last season
1 1 90: Yuma 0.88. last season 3.01.
The following maximum temperatures are re
rorted from stations in California to-day: Kureka
68, Red Bluff «6. Pan Francisco 59, Fresno 68,
San Luis Übisio 62, Los Angeles 66, San I>l<go 64,
"i limn 86.
San Francisco data— Maximum temperature 59,
minimum 60, mean 54.
The following rainfall has been reported during
the past twenty-four hours In California: Eureka,
.08. .
An area of high pressure is central this evening
on the Northern Culliornia coast, which is now
moving northward. These conditions are favor
able for fair weather in California. . A moderate
norther will probably prevail throughout Cali
fornia Wednesday. Already brisk northwest
winds are blowing throughout the southern half of
the State, but the air is not so dry as it will be
when the wind becomes more northerly in direc
tion. The conditions favor a moderate sandstorm
throughout the upper San Joaauin Valley and in
bout hern California Wednesday.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty hours
ending miduight, April 8. 1896:
Northern California— Fair Wednesday; some
what warmer in the Sacramento Valley: a mod
erate norther Wednesday, with sandstorms in the
uppi r San Joaquin Valley.
Southern California— Fail Wednesday; brisk
northerly wind and moderate sandstorms.
Nevada— Fair Wednesday.
Utah— Fair Wednesday.
Arizona— Fair Wednesday.
San Francisco and vicinity— Fair Wednesday,
brisk to high westerly winds.
W. H. H a mmox. Forecast Official.
N'KIY YORK MARKETS,
Financial.
NF.W YORK. N. V., April 7.— Tobacco loomed
Into prominence aeain to-day. The dealings in the
Stock footed up 55,700 shares in a grand total of
1 64, 00<l shares. At the opening the shares ruled
firm at 873 / 4@B8 l ie, but as the day wore along
there were liberal offerings of long stock on re
ports of the ser.ous illness of the southern direct
ors of the company. Another story was to the
effect that an injunction had beeu or would be ap
plied for to restrain the oistribution of the scrip
dividend recently declared. The weakness of this
speciality hud no Influence on the run of active
Stocks, which scored net gains on the day.
in the early trading speculation was strong,
much to the surprise of professional traders, who
were free sellers ■ of . the market yesterday on the
passage of the Cuban resolutions by the House.
1 ne impression was that the action of the House
would cause an unfavorable influence abroad, but.
as it matter of fact. London paid little attention to
the matter, and early cables showed that Ameri
can securities in Loncon were on a I purity with
our closing figures Of Monday. Local shorts then
started in to cover, and prices moved up Vi@l 3 ,i
cent all around. Sugar. Union Pacific, Chicaso
l. as, the Grangers and General Klectric were es
pecially firm. Sugar moved up to 119s Union
Pacific sold up to 9Vb on the progress making in
the refunding scheme. Louisville and Nashville.
however, was heavy on foreign sales and broke
from 49% to4B» 4 .
There was very little doing in the general list
and the market held tolerably firm. The strength
of sterling exchange was much commented u,pon
and there were rumors of achlpment of $1,000,000
KOld by Saturday's steamers. It. was announcer!
that several of the depositary banks holding Uov*
eminent funds on bond account had turned into
the sub-Treasury a part of their holdings In antici
pation of a call by the Treasury Department to
morrow. As foreign bankers are offering four
months' money at, 4 per cent, the effect or a Gov
ernment call at this time Is problematical.
Speculation closed firm in tone. .Net changes
show gains of V*<9l t>er cent. Tobacco lost 45/ a
and Manhattan I per cent. | In the • specialties
Nickel Plate first preferred rose 3 to 78, and do
seconds l fl to 325'g.
Bonds were quiet and firmer. Sales footed up
only $655,000. Central Washington sixes certifi
cates rose 1 y. 2 to 39; Hoiking Valley general
sixes, Ito 90; Pittsnuri; and Western "fours. IB.g
to 7 1 6,4 : Union Pacific sinking fund, certificates,
54 to !>>/■!• and Northern Pacific seconds i s to
111. Wisconsin Central fives certificates fell 2
to 42. .
In Government bonds $4000 coupon fours of
1925 Drouth: 116%; $1000 coupon fours of 1907
brought 109i£.
Grain.
FLOUR— Unchanged : better demand : low grades,
12 'ibiOf'i. 85: do. fair to .. fancy, $2 85@3 90:
do, patents, S3 90(d.4 26: Minnesota clear, $2 70@
32{>: do, straits. $3ra>3 60: patents, $3 35@4 -JO;
low extras, «2 25^2 85: city mills, *4 l.Vgit 25:
do. patents, *4 20(g,4 45: rye mixtures, 25®
8 3.0: superfine, $2 *5@2 50; fine, $2@2 30. south
ern flour," unchanged, quiet; common to fair ex
tra. $2 40(9.3 ; (.'coa .to choice. $3(53 30. Hye
dour, firm at $2 t>s@2 75: buckwheat flour, dull.
BUCKWIIKAT— 4O@4Ic.
COP.NMEAL— SteaIy; yellow Western, $2 20&
2 26: Brandy-.vlne. 1 2 20.
ftVK— Nominal.- Western, 47c l ■
HAKLEV- Ungraded Western, 39@41c :
liAKLEY MALT— Western. 48@55c.
• WHEAT— DuII, firm; No. \i rev. store and ele- :
vator, BS*4#BSc; afloat, 84Vi@84y.c;f.o. b.,H3»4
§85c; ungraded red. 64@S5c; .no. 2 Northern, 763 a
&77c. ■ nfo <TCimßftfl*tin.tßf UmißPWlßpiMi 1 \<_i 1.11 1 j, '
options opened active and excited and advanced
%@lV«i'- on higher cables, foreign buying and lo
cal covering, advanced Vsc on local realizing: and
closed steady at VbQ^i^ over yesterday with an
Increased business. May ;iud .July most active.
No. 2 red April, 73 7 (j< : May, 73J' s c; June, July
»nd August, 73iAc: September, 737' c; December,
75 1 . 2 c. . • . ■ ■ ■ ■■ '• :; . ..--.:, -:
CORN— firm, scarce. No. 3, 38V c elevator;
B9»/ic afloat. . ...... . ---• ... t. - . ■-,. ■■ ,
Options were moderately active ana firm at 14c
fcd.vn.ice, following wheat and. ou covering. May
1 and September most active. May. 36Vic; July,
373'gc: August. 3Sc; September, 38V2C
UATS—Firmer. ,-...■
Options dull, firm: April, 25i,4c ; May, 261^0.
Spot prices: No. 2, 25i4.rg)25Vic; No. 2 white,
261,-iC: No. 2 Chicago, 26y.»c: No. 3. 241-^c: No. 3
white, 25 Vie: mixed Western, 2sr&26V2c; do white,
2««v!BiAc; white State, 26@28Va»-"-
ED— Bran, 60@H2iv,c.
MIDDLINGS— 6O@7I>c.'
RYE— 65@70c.
'; •: v '■ Provisioiiß.
. BEEF— Steady, dull, unchanged. Beef hams,
quiet, $14 50@15. ; Tierced beef. inactive, steady;
City extra India mess, $15(£15 50. Cut meats,
steady, moderate demand; pickled bellies, 12
pounds 4%c; do shoulders, 4i^c: do hams, 8y 2
@9c. ;
LAUD— Quiet. Western steam, «5 35; city,
$4 90: May, $5 35. Refined, dull; continent.
$6 «5; South American. *6: compound. 4fi/n(3)434c.
PORK— Quint, steady; ■ mess, ■ $9@9 60; new
mess, .Tl»(i}ilO 25. ■ -.V.-". 1
KliTTEß— Liberal supply, lower: State dairy,
P@l7V 2 c; do creamery, l'J@l7c; do do factory,
S(aißV-c: Eizim. 18c.
CHEESE— FairIy active; State, large, 6@10i.4c;
do fancy, 10©14 c: do small, 6@10%c; part skims,
3<a7c: full skims, lV2@2y c.
EGGS— Firm. State and Pennsylvania, 13c:
Western fresn, 11--V 4 @l2c; duck, 20(4)23c; goose,
40®4.%c ' • ■ '
TALLOW— Steady. City, 3 11-16 c: country, 3%
@35 c.
COTTONSEED OlL— Dull. Crude. 211/^c: yel
low primp. 25 Vi|(3>2!>-'Uc: do off grades. 2fi Va'.qi'ifi^ic.
RESIN— DuII, steeds. Strained common 10 good,
$1 72V2@1 75. '
TURPENTINE— Firm, quiet; 28V'2@29c.
POTATOES— DuII. Bermuda, $4@7 50: others
unchanged.
RlCE— Firm, fairly active. Domestic fair to extra,
3fa..">s /4 c: Japan, 4(g»4ViC • :
MOLASSES — Fair demand. New Orleans
open kettle, good to choice. 27@37c.
Ci >KFEE— Steady, unchanged to 6 points up.
April, $13 -.May. $12 70; June, $12 15(ai2 20: July,
$11 fcO: August, $11 35; September, $10 96: No
vember, $10 50; December, $10 45; March,
$10 26. Spot Rio dull, steady; No. 7. 13% c
SUGAR— Raw, firm: fair refining. 3%c: cen
trifugals 96 test, 4 3-16 C . Refined, 1 1-ltSo higher,
more active.
Freights to Liverpool firm: grain by steam,
lV8 d ; cotton by steam, 1 l-16d.
Fruit and Produce.
CALIFORNIA FRUITS— Almonds — Soft-shell,
7v 3 @Bc; do paper-shell. ll®l2c.
APKICOTS— Bays. 9@l2V a C.
REACHES— reeled. 12<ai5c: unpeeled, 4@6y a c.
PRUNES— Four sizes. 4@sV*c
RAlSlNS— Clusters. $1 25@1 40: do London
layers, BC@9oc; do three-crown loose Muscatel,
3i,2@3 3 4c: do four-crown, 4@sc.
WALNUTS— 6y 2 ®7c; do soft-shell,
8V?W10c.
Hul'S- Quiet: steady. State common to choice, ,
4f2By c: Pacific Coast, . 2»*@Bc.
WOOL— Firm, quiet; domestic fleece, 26@32c;
pulled, 15©33 c: Texas, 9@l2c.
Merchandise.
PIG IRON— Active: American. $ll@lß 50.
COPPER— Lake, #10 75@11.
LEAD-Steady; domestic. S3 07^4(5)3 10.
TIN— Quie:; straits. $13 40&18 45: plates
dull.
bPELTEK-Firm: domestic, *4 10@4 16.
CHICAGO MARKETS.
CHICAGO, 111.. April 7.— There were no grain
or provision markets here to-day— election day.
Livestock.
UNION STOCKYARDS. lix.. April 7.— The
cattle market to-day was quiet, receipts were light
and a moderate demand existed. Prices ' were
steady. The arrivals of hogs were light. Prices
were firm to 5c higher. Sheep were in good de
mand and easier. Lam os were 10c lower. - : v~"'- ;
CATTLE — Receipts. 6500. tancy beeves,
$4 50@4 60; choice to prime, 1300 to 1700 pound
steers. $4 25@-l 40: good to choice steers, 1200
to 1600 pounds, $-4(J04 20; medium steers, 1000
to 1300 pounds. S3 75@>3 95: common steers. 950
to 1300 pounds, $3 40te3 70; choice stockers
and feeder*. $3 30@3 85: common to good
stockers. $2 9J<g#3 25; hulls, choice to extra. $2 7S@
3 25: "bulls, poor to good. $2 '20@2 70; cows and
heifers, extra. $3 50@3 75; cows, fair to choice.
$3 40(0.3 40: cows, poor to good canners. $1 50(<$
2 3ft: veal calves, good to choice, 34 2 .*>(<£ 5 20:
calves, common to good. $3@4: Texas fed
steers, $3 25(g»4: Texas bulls, oxen and cows,
$2 iv a.3 25; milkers and springers, per head, $20
&40.
HOGS— Receipts, 12,000. Heavy packing ana
shipping lots. $3 60@3 80: . common to choice
mixed. S3 65(&3 85: choice assorted, $3 «5®4;
light. $3 7634 ; pigs, $3@3 75.
SHEEP— Receipts. JU.^DO. Inferior to choice,
$3&4; lambs, $3 75&4 70.
NEW IOKK STOCKS.
Bonds, Exchange, Money and Railroad
Shares.
Money on call has been easy at S@3%V: last loan
at 3%. and closed offered a; 37. Prime mercantile
paper, 5^®6%. Bar silver, 681/8°- Mexican dollars,
6414 c. Mt-nine exchange firm, with actual business
in banners 1 bills at *4 fcß@4 88*4 for 60 days ana
*4 89 ' a* 89*4 for demand. Posted rate*, $4 89®
4 90. Commercial bills. S4 87@4 87» . Govern
ment bonds firmer; State bonds quiet; railroad
bonds firm. Silver at the board was firm.
UCMN« FTOCK%
Am Tel & Cable.... f3 [Norfolk <fc We«:... V 3
Atchlson IBVs I Preferred. 61,3
Preferred 25% Northern Paclflc. , l! 8
Adams Express. ..147 I Preferred 11 y a
Alton Haute. «0 Nortnwestern 31 /!
American Express.lll ! Preferred -I*6
American Tobacco. 83 /« N. Y. Central « 6
Preferred 100 IN. T. Chlcago&B.li l3Vi
BavStateGas 21 Ist preferred / 5
Baltimore & Ohio.. 18V4 2d preferred.
BrucswicK Lands.. 4«g« Y. &N. H..._176
Buffalo. Koch P. » I.VV&NewEng. 40
Canada Pacific... °<> IN. Y. Susq & W... 8
irnada Southern,. *« s /i Preferred. 2 5/
Canton i^end 60 7/ 8 Ontario Uv»
Central Pacific *■•> I Ontario & Weitero. i* 1 *
Cbe». A Ohio. ltfl /4 Oregon lmproyms. 1
Chicago Alton ISB 1 Preferreo. -—
Preierre0... ....... 170 , Oregon Navigation. 19
Chlcaro, & A Q.... 76 y8 Orecon Short Llna. 36/ 8
CblSio* K. Si... 40- /4 Pacific M»U 2»Va
Preferred I<'O Peona. U.>t Evans. 2y 3
Cblctgouu . tfS Pittsburg <£ W pfd. 16
Cleve <fc Plttaburg. l«o Pullman Palace... 156
Consolidation Coai. a 0 Quicksilver....:.;.. , IV4
Consolidated Gaa..l"'-: Preferred. 16
C. C.C. &Bt. Louis. Beading 10%
Preferreu Bt> |HioGrande&We«ia -18
Cola Fuel & Iron.. i 9 I Preferred. 45
Preferred 90 'Rock Island "1 3
Cotton Oil Cert.... 15 ! Kome\Vat <tOgdenll* '
Commercial Cable. 10l • Bu L. AB. W 4y a
Del. Hudson 128,2 Preferred... , 11
Del.L»ck<feWesternl 9 a /i'Bt.Paul;;.... ...... 755, 8
Denver li. <*-.... 12Vi • Preferred l - -i5y 2
Preterrea......... 47 3 <s St. Paul & Duluth. *^*
DiitUlers 17 3 /a Preferred ...87
General .Electric... 37 l Bt. Paul <ft Omaha. 3»Vs
Erie...... I*V» Preferred.... 121
Preferred 39 ■ ;St. P. M. & M./....110-
Fort Wayne 160 'Silver Certincat^s.. 68V4
CireaiNorthernDfOUllO Southern Pacific... i9>. v
Green Bay *h toutnern A. X... M 9 ;
Eariem..... 29» I Preferred. . .. 2pi.
Hocking Coal l feugar Hennery.... 109
Hocking Valley... lt> j Preferred......... 100
Homestake 30 Term.Coal* Iron. 3l»5 /8
H. <fc Texas Cent.. ~ .*' Preferred 100
Illinois Central.... 94y 2 |Texaa Pacific...... "•"/*.
lowa Central. » 1101.A.A.A N.Micn.— — •
Preferred......... 3 ( i/4 ! T 01. & Ohio Cen.... «2
Kansas <& Texas. H 1 /* : Preferred...; 70
Preferred.. 27 iol.Bt.Loul»4K.tt SV (
Kingston & Pern...- 3 Preferred 10
Lake Krio <t Westn 18 Union Pacific 9
Preferred 70 U P.. Den. «fc Quit. ay«
Lajte 5n0re. ....... 147 I .8. Cordaga....... ' 4",
National Lead 24 Preferred ...... 9V 2
Preferred 8«S/ 4 1 Guaranteed.....^ la
Long Island 81 L". 8. Express... ... 43
Louisville ft Nash. i9.y U. & Leather. ...„ - 9*
Louisville Na<t Ch. 8»/ 2 : erred....... — 6li/i
Preferred.. 20 U. 8. Kuober «7 '
Manhattan Consoi.JOii/ 3 Preferred 86
Mempcis & Cnarlft, 15 , Utlca <t B. River.. 150
Mexican Central... ios/ Wab. B. L. & Pac.. 6T/ 8
Michigan Central.. 93 1 Preferred .... 18y«
Minn &a. L.. ....... ■ Wells-Fargo. 100 '
' Preferred.... - — Western Union.... 8.1%
Minn. A St. Loon. 19Ml;WU Centra, ...... VJV 3
let preferred 7 9 Vi Wheeling a. L. 8.. 91/2
2d preferred.. 52 | Preferred. 32
Missouri Pacific.... 24V4'Am Cotton Oil pfO. 81
Mobile Ohio '11 W U Beef 734
Nashville C'hatt.... 68 Ann Arbor ........ (-1/2
National Linseed.. 19 ■ ! I referred ..... 25V2
.N. J. central. ...... lo\ Brooklyn Traction. 20*2
North American... 5 1 /4.
■ ' tIOMNH MKM
L" 4k. rec 108S/ X Tads.. ..69
Do, 4s coupon... l"i» Vi i - JJ °. 4s. ........ '.'. 85Vi
V S4snewreg.....llß3 /4 JMutual Union 65... 113
Do, 4s coupon... 118% IN J Cent Gen 65... 116 I
Do. 2s 95 [Northern Pac lsts.lls
fo, 65... ....113y 8 ! Do, 2d5..... 110
.Do. fas coudou.. .. ll^i-o Do. ''«. 74 4
Cherokee 4s. 1896. 100 '" Norm west' Conso'i 1 SfaiS
Do. 1897— ■..;... .100 i Do. deb 6s IOBV2
Do. 1898 100 OH4N ls« 110
Do. 1899..... 100 6iL&lronMtQens« 77%
Pacific 6a of '95.... |KtL<fe BFGenOs.ir?
D.C. 8-6 6»........109i/ 4 !et Paul Consols ...138!
Ala Claw A 4. lOti X. P.C. &Palsti.llS
Do. Class 84. ss. 100 ! Da Pac Cal ists_ 107
LnConsol4s. 97 Southern It. R. Os. 91
Mlftsourl funding..— I Texas Pacific Una *8
N Carollnacon «■.. llf % Texas Pac second*. 23
_Do, «5. ............ 105 fnlonPac lstof »S. 104 V«
Fo Carolina 4y 3 5... 100 | West Shore 4»..... 105 V,
Tennnewas 88 Mobile & Ohio 4a. 6«i l
V a funding deDt... 60 7 X UranaeWest Ism 758-f
f°. reg.. ......... Ches<feO6s... 1071%
Do. deferred 6»... 6 Atchfson 4s 77
Do. trust rcDt« st 6 Do. 2ds A. ....... : 26
Canada Bouth 2as.. 104 OH* S A 6s. 105
Cen Pac lstaot 'Bs 100% Do. 2d 7s. ""'lOO'
0 -** G Ist 114^ Do. con Ceni5;::l08
v« »!*'"'• •• 88% Do. con 65.....,;. 1i-o"
Erie 2<J«. ........... 65% Reading 4s 78%
Kansas Pa Consols 74 .Missouri bn 100
*4 Pa lfcts Den divlOß* /4 "
FOREIGN MARKETS.
WHKAT IX LIVERPOOL
LIVERPOOL, Kss., April 7.-The spot marltet
Is firm a: 6s 7d@ssßd. Cargoes firm at 27s 4Vad
December shipment.
FUTUBKS.
The Produce Kxchange cable elves the following
Liverpool quotations for No. 2 Red Winter: April
Fs KS^d: May. 5s 7Vjd; June, ss7V«d; July, 5s
73/i<l; August, 5s Bd.
LONDON, Exn.. April 7.— Consols, 110; silver
31Vs<l: French Kcntes, lOlf 32yac.
PKODUCE KXPOBTS.
Exports of produce from this port by sea in
March amounted to *2,340, 300, acains: $2,897,
--700 in March, 1895. For drst quarter of the year
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, APRIL 8, 1896.
they were , $9,049,000, against 6.638.700 for the
same time in 1895. Of ihi3 year's export Great
Britain took $3,079,600, Australia $1,246,400.
New York $736,100, the Hawaiian Islands $705,
--300, China $550,800, Japan $838,900, and Central
America $898,000. .- - ■
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, 60 day 5...... — f4 88
Sterling Exchange, 5ight......... -. 4 BiJiA
Sterling Cables ...::;..;....— ' 4 9i>
New York Exchange, sight...... — 06
New York Exchange, telegraphic — , 10
line Silver, ¥ ounce. .;■;....-...;'..'— . tjßVa
Mexican Dollars .. . 55 66
PKODUGE MARKET.
WHEAT AND OiHER GRAINS.
WHEAT FREIGHTS— Brokers quote 20s as the
prevailing rate, usual European options, with an
occasioual charter. The chartered wheat fleet in
port has a registered tonnage of 17,145 against 33,
--300 tons on the same date last year; disengaged,
&.'.900 tous. against 46,«00; on the way to this
port. 209.500 tons, against 534.900.
M HEAT— The market seems to be on the up
grade again in England aud prices here are rising
in consequence. It was a holiday at Chicago,
hence no quotations were received. "No. 1, $1 07i/i>
(3»1 O8S4: choice, $1 10@l IH/4: lower grades, *i
®1 U6l /4 : extra choice lor milling. $1 16(g)l 20.
CAI.I, BOARD BALKS.'
Informal Skssion— lo o'clock — December
-1200 tons. $1 10; 1200, $1 10i/ 8 ; 1200, $1 09%;
1000, $1 09%. IVla.v-200. $1 04»V*- i
■ KE3ULAH JIOBMKII - Skssiox— December— loo
tons, $1 09 : ; 300. 51 096/jj; 900, $1 093/ 8 ; 1700,
$1 091.3. May-100, $1 09; 2QO, SI 08» /4 : 600,
$1 08 •-'£. i^-,1. ■■,-•:.>..
Akikksook Session — December— 7oo tons,
$1 093 /8 . May— loo, $1 OS7 ; 400. $1 08%.
BAKIE Y— Both scot nnd future prices ■ are
higher. Feed, 68»/i©7iy4C ctl; choice, 72%©
73s,ic » ctl; Brewing, 80®85c.
CALL. BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— lo o'clock— December— loo
tons, 72c; 200, 7214 c: 100. 72y B e.
Rkgulah Morn-ins Session— December— loo
tons, 72Vsc: 100, 721,4 c.
a Afternoon Skssion— May— loo tons, 7iy 8 c:
300, 7iy 2 c. December— loo, 72y 4 c; 100, 72s/ 8 c;
300, 72 Vie.
OATS— SIow and unchanged. Milling, 76@82i/4c
Hi* ctl; fancy Feed, 82y a @Bsc: good to choice, 76
(giSOc; common to fair, tt7^©72i/2c: Gray. 71Vi(g»
fcOc: Red, nominal; Black, nominal; Surprise, Hi)
@95c %i ctl.
CORN— Yellows are dull, heavily offered and
lower, but White is quoted firmer. Large Yellow,
87i^.@9Oc; Small Round do, 97iAc@$l; White,
82V ? ®8b-i/*c %4 ctl.
Continues quiet at 77Vi@80c » ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— %t ctl..
KLOUK AND MILLSTUFF9.
Quotations remain undisturbed. Net
cash prices are as follows: Family extras, $3 76®
3 86: Bakers' extras, $3 66@3 65: superfine, $2 75
@3 ft bbl.
CORNMEAL, ETC. — Feed Corn, $20@20 60;
Cracked Corn, $21 "$ ton.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In 10-lb sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham Flour
2»'*c; Rye Flour, 31,4 c; Rice Flour, 7J^c; Corn
meal, 234@3c;- extra cream do, SVjc: Oatmeal,
33,jc; Oat Uroats, 4i-«c; Hominy. 4faj4i,<jc; Buck
wheat Flour, 4c; Cracked Wheat, 3"V a c; Farina,
4Vfec; whole Wheat Flour, 3c: Rolled oats, 4y 2 c;
Pearl Barley, 4y c; Split Peas, Me; Oreen do,
6V*c %i ft.
HAY AM) FEEDSTUFFS. .
BRAN-slS@l3 50 •$ ton.
; MIDDLINGS-sl6 60@17 50 $ ; ton for lower
grades and $18©19 $ ton for the best.
FEEDSTUFFS — Rolled Barley, $16@16 50;
Oilcake Meal at the mill. $20 '■&• ton: jobbing
$21; Cottonseed Oilcake. $21 '& ton.
HAY— The rain produced no effect on prices.
Wheat quotable at $B@ll 60 $ ton: Oat, $B@9:
Wheat and Oat.sß<aill: Barley, $7@9: Alfalfa. $7
@9: Clover. $6@B 50; Compressed, #7@lo 60;
Stock, $6©7 %n ion.
STRAW— 36@SSc '$ bale. .
BEANS AND SEEDS.
BEANS— The market Is quoted quiet, though the
regular local sales are being made. Bayos, $1@
1 10: Small White*, $1 12y @l 50: Pea. $1 10
@1 40IH ctl; Large Whites. $I@l 15 f* ctl: Pink.
90c(aj*l 10: ' Reels. $1 25; Ulackeye, nominal-
Ren Kidney. $1 75; Limas, $2 45@2 60; Butters
$1 60(*l 70.
BE J>II)S— Brown Mustard Is quotable at $1 50®
2 25 $ ctl : Trieste. $2(»2 60; Yellow Mustard,
$1 40@l 60; Flax, $1 70<g>l 80; Canary. 2% "# ft
Alfalfa. 7y 2 @9yiC * lb; Rape. 2i*jc * lb; liemp,
3 1 2 c ft lb. . .
DRIED PEAS— SI 25@1 40 * - ctl for Mies
and $1 25@1 46 for Green.
POTATOES, ONIONS, VEGETABLES.
POTATOES— Dealers report the market cleaning
up rather better, but prices show no Improvement.
New Potatoes, l@l»4c & lb; Merced , Sweets,
$2 50@2 76 "# ctl; River Burbanks, 20(«30c $
sacK; Oregon Burbanks. 30@60c $» ctl: Oregon
Garnet Chiles. 60@85c; Early Rose. 30@10c; Peta
lumas and Tomalea, 30@45c Back.
ONlONS— Steady. • Good to choice, 60@75c %
ctl: Cut Onions, 25@40c: Oregon. 75@90c *". ctl
VEGETABLES— Arrivals were 803 boxes As-
PRratcus and 316 boxes Rhubarb and 313 sacKs
Peas. »■>. . • ; ,
The demand and supply about balance from day
to day and fluctuations are therefore narrow. ■
En Plant, ; Summer Squash, 10@15 "9, lb:
Mexican Tomatoes, $175(312^ box: Los Augeles
Tomatoes, $1 26@1 75 box; Cucumbers, 50c@$l
doz: Asparagus, $]@1 50 & box for ordinary and
$1 76@2 25 for extra; Rhubarb. 35@75c: Mush
rooms, H .lb; Dried Peppers, lo@l2iAc:
Green Peppers, : Green, Peas, 2i/2@3V a c '■A
lb: String Beans, 8@10c: Dried Okra, I2i/ 2 c-
Cabbage. 40c $ ctl; Garlic, s@6c « lb; Marrowfat
Squash, $20 '{i ton.
POULTRY AND GAME.
POULTRY— A car of Eastern sold at ?6@6 50
for Hens, $B©B 50 for young Roosters and $5@5 60
for old Roosters.
Young Poultry of all descriptions Is firm at the
high prices. Hens are lower, dull and weak.
Live Turkeys, 14@1 5c * tb for Gobblers. 16c
"& lb for Hens; Dressed Turkeys. ; Geese **
pair. $1 50@2; Ducks, »s@tS "v doz for old and
$x@» for young; Hens, $4@5: Roosters
young, $7 50@9; do, old. $4 50@5; Fryers. 60
@7: Broilers, $5 50@6 for large and $3@4 50 for
small; Pigeons, $1 75@2 25 for young and $1 75<&
2 for old. > .
GAME— Hare. 75c 9 dozen; Rabbits, $1 25 for
Cottontails and $i %» do/, tor smali.
BITTER, CHJKESE AND EGGS.
BUTTER— Is weak and dull at the lower prices
with h;rge stocks.
Cbeamk-ry— Fancy, 15c; seconds, 14 c ? lb.
Daiky— Fancy, 13@13V 2 c 1* fb: good to choice,
12rajl2l^c; lower grades, ll@llJ^r;.
trASTKRN— Nominal.
QHKEBE — All descriptions except Kastern are
lower unuer increasing receipts, and dealers are
shadiug the quotations to «ffec sales. Kancy mild
new. 9i/a@loc: common to good, H@9c; Cream
Cheddar, l]@l2c: Young America, 10@llc- West
ern, 11® 12c; Kastern, 13@14c.
KOuss— Are steady at the prices, with ample
siocks for all current needs. Htore Eggs, IOV2®
lie "^ doz; ranch Kggs, ll@12c; Duck Ksrcs, 15c
f, dozen.
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
APPLES— BI@I 25 1* box for good to choice, 50
@85c for common to fair, and 91 60@2 for fancy.
Stocks are down to almost nothing and there will
soon be none left. \
BERRlES— Receipts of Strawberries were 19
chests, selling at 60(&90c $ drawer for Longworths
and 50c for large berries. - • ........ . ; ..
CITRUS KB OIT»— rule firm at. $125
@1 75 "$ box for Seedlings and $'_' 25@3 26 for
.Navels; Lemons. *li&l 50 for common and $2®
2 50 for good to choice; Mexican Limes. $6 %< box •
California Limes. $1: Bananas, fl®2 pi bunch -
Pineapples are nominal. .
DRIED FRUITS, RAISIN'S, NITS.ETC.
DRIED FRUITS— The markets both here ana In
the East continue very dull. The following nomi
nal prices rule on the Fruit Exchange:
Carload Lots— Apples, iy 2 @2VBC *>. Ib for quar
tered. 2@3c i? Ib for sliced and 414 cl* lb for
evaporated: Reaches, 3^@4c 9 Ib and 6V a @,tJc for
fancy: Deeled In boxes, Apricots 7y a (aßiAc
lor 01 line to cnoice. 9V 9 c for fancy and 10@llc
3* Ib lor fancy Moorpark; Figs, black. 2V«c for un
-1 reused; White Figs, 4@6c in sacks; Pears. ?c «S
Ib for evaporated halves, 4@6y c fi lb for quarters"-
Prunes. 3Vi@3Vfec: Plums, 4c $ Ib for pitted and
1V 2 @2J,<jc for unpitted- Nectarines, s<&6c V, for
prime to choice and 6y c for fancy. ■. • . • ,
Jobbing ■ I'kicks— Evaporated Apples. : 4@4y 2 c
*f tb; sun-dried, li /2 s2c %* 1b; Peaches, 3@4c
■I* In and 5c «* lb for fancy; peeled in boxes. 10
@12y 2 c; Prunes, 4c for the four sizes, 6c for4o(g,so's
and 5c for 50@6O's: Apricots. 6@9V,c for prime to
choice, 10@llc for fancy Moor part; Fjgs, black
2V4@2Bic: White Figs, ,3@sc: Pears. «i/,c for
evaporated halves and r 3@5y 2 c tor quarters-
Plums. 2 @4c for pitted and l@iy a c . for tin pit
ted ; Nectarines. 4@sc H Ib for prime to choice •
KAISIi\S:AND DRIED GKAPES— Prices are
as fo lows, carload lots, f. o. b. San Francisco:
i-onuoti layers, 85(gi90c box; four-crown, loose,
334 c 0 Ib; three-crown, loose, 21/4 C 'S, Ib; two
crown, ■ 9te; seedless Sultanas, 3%@4c: seedless
Muscatels. 2y,@23/ 4C ; three-crown London layers,
Ll"sl%] .?I us [ ers ' * l 36 ® 1 60 Dehesa clusters
$2 10(a,J 25; Imperial clusters, $2 60(<52 75; Dried
Grapes. 2y a c '$ Ib. ■ . ,■
--j Jobbing Pbicbs — Four-crown loose 3c- 3
crown, '2V*@2y 3 c: 2-crown, l» / 4@2c • Seedless Sul
tanns. d3/4®4c: Seedless Muscatels, 2 V 2 c; 1 3-crown
London layers, 75@90c: clusters. 81 40@l 50-
I)ehfsa clusters,- $2 25; Imperial clusters, »2 75 :
Dried Grapes, 2c. ' • ■; • -a ■."■,"
- K UTS— Chest are quotable at 6®Bc » ft
walnuts, B@loc for No. 1 hard and 10(a) 1 for pa
per, ioobinp lots; Almonds, 6@7y 2 c for Lantcuedoc
and 2 @loc for paper-shell. jobbing; Peanuts, 5«4
6c for Eastern and 3y 2 (i44y 2 c for California- Hick
ory >. uts, s@6c ; Pecans, 6c lor rough and 8 3 for pol
ished; Flberts. B@9c; Brazil Nuts, 2 @BcWtt>-
Cocoanuts. $4 50@5 "$ 100. '7VTZ. .,.■-" id,
HONEY— Comb is . quotable at ■ 10@12c « Ib for
bright and B@9c fb for lower grades ; water
white extracted, ¥ 5 , X/aC f, ft: light amber ex
tr*" dark amber, 4c; dark, 2@3c.
BEES\VAX-24®27c » lb. w
' PKOVISIONS.
CURED MEATS— Hams are sellin6 rather bel
ter, but Bacon and Lard , are dull and weak.
Bacon is , quotable at ttc 7f> r : lb for heavy, 7c
Ib for light medium, 9c $,lb for ; light, 10c for
extra light and 12c $ tb for ■ sugar-cured ; Eastern
Sugar-cured -Hams. iiy,c: California Hams.
10c fi Ib; Mesa Beef, «8 ft bbi; extra mess do,
$8 50; family do. $ 10; extra prime Pork, $9 & bbl:
extra clear. $14 $ bbl: mess, $13 * bbl: Smoked
Beef. 10c ft ft. :•-.., ;.-.« V
' LARD— Eastern, tierces, is quotable at.6^c
lb for compound and 8c for pure; pails, 8y 2 c; Cali- |
fornia tierces. 6c for compound and 6V2C for pure; I
half-bbls, 7i 4 c; 10- n> tins, 8c; do 5-Ib, 814 cIB tb.
COTTOLENE— 63 c in tierces and 7i» 8 c «i lb in
10- lo tins. . r -■?;; -.";:.; \V\
HIDES, TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPS.
.HIDES AND SKINS— As usual the market is
very dull. ' Heavy salted steers are Quotable at 7c;
culls and brands. 6c: medium.' 5y 3 @6c; culls and
brands, 4i.j(<£sc; light, sc; culls and brands, 4c;
Cowhides, 6c "$, tb; culls and brands, 4c; salted
Kip. 5c %* lb; salted Calf, 8c 1? tb; salted Veal,
tic; dry Hides, jO®11c; culls and brands 714 c:
ary Kid and Veal. 9c: culls. 6V ? @7c; dry Calf, |
lbc; culls, 10c; Goatskins, ?o®3sc each: Kids. sc; j
Deerskins, good summer, 25@30c; medium, 16@
26c; winter, 10c; Sheepskins, shearlings, 10(3> I
15c each;- short wool, 2O@3sceach: medium, 40
@50c each ; long wool, 66c each. Culls of all kind*
about i/ 2 c less.
■ TALLOW— No. 1, rendered, 3i/,@4c; No. 2, 3c;
refined. 6yo@s%c: Grease. 2y 2 c %4 lb.
WOOL— Fall descriptions are practically ex
hausted. The market continues depressed and
dull, and receipts are running 50% less than at this
time last year. 'We quote Spring: San Joaquin and
Southern Coast, 6 months, 4@6c %} lb: San Joa
quin. foothill, good to choice, 7@Bc; San Joaquin,
year's fleece, 4i/i.@6y 3 c. -
HOPS— Nominal quotations are 2@4c $ tb. The
brewers are well supplied, the surplus is large and
the market continues dead in the shell.
GENERAL, MERCHANDISE.
! BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags, June- July delivery,
$4 25; San Quentln. $4 20: Wool Bags, 24(226e.
COAL— Wellington, $8 # ton: New Welling
ton. $8 $ ton; Southfield Wellington, $7 60 -W
ton; Seattle, $5@5 60: Brvaut. «5 50: Coos Bay
$4 50; Wallsend, $6 60: Scotch, $7 50:.Brymbo,
$7 50; Cumberland, $13 60 in bulk and $15 in sks;
Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $13; Welsh An
thracite Egg, ■ Cannel, $8: Rock Springs,
Castle Gate and Pleasant Valley, $7 60; Coke,
$10 60 in bulk and $12 50 & ton in sacks.
CANNED FRUIT— Apricots are quotable at $1
§105* dozen: Peaches. $1 10@l 30 ;Pears,?l 25
%l 35 t* dozen: Plums. 90c@$l.
CANNED VEGETABLES — Tomatoes, 70®
72 v a c i^dozen; Peas, 95c@$l 06 f* dozen. •
COFFEE— Dealers report the market very dull.
We quote:
Costa Kica— lß34@2oc for good to prime; 18@
IBV3C for good mixed with black beans; 16y 2 (§ |
171/jC nom. for fair; lH@l6c tor common to ordi- j
nary. •
Salvador— l 7y 2 @lßy 2 c for fair to good washed: |
2 @2oc for good wasned penberry, 17@17V4c
for superior unwashed; 8 c for good green un- '
washed: lflc for good unwashed peaberry. .
Guatemala and Mexican— 2o@2oS4c ft for 1
prime to strictly prime washed: 19(5(193/4C for
good to strictly good washed: )7yo@lHy 2 c for fair
washed: 16(gil7c for medium; 14@15y c for 1
ordinary: 12@14c for inferior to common; 20@ ■
2C)3, 4 c for pood to prime washed peaberry; 19c for I
pood unwashed peaberry. .
FlSH— Pacific Cod. catch of 1895: 100-tb cases
quotable at 6c $ lb; 50- lb bundles, 5c fi lb; Silver
King Strips. 8c ty lb; Narrow-Gauge do, 7c fl lb;
Tablets, 8c %* lb: Seabright Blocks, 7i- 2 c; Pacific
Herring, 18c %* box; Dutch do. $1(31 *5 Tgi keg;
White Fish. $1 50 in half-bbls and $1 75 in kits;
Tongoes and Sounds, $14; Mackerel, bbls— No. 1,
$30; No. 2, $26; No. 3, $24: half-bbls— No. 1,
$12 50; No. 2, $11; No. 3, $10; kits, No. 1, $2;
No. 2, $1 60: No. 3. $1 50.
QUICKSILVER— Quoted for export at $36@38
3? flask. ••- - ' ■■ . ■ ■ - i
OIL- California Castor OH, cases, No. 1, 95c:
bbls, 90c %< gal (manufacturer* 1 rates): Linseed j
Oil in bbls, boiled 50c; do raw. 48c; cases, 5c '
more; Lard Oil, extra winter-strained, bbls, 61c:
No. 1, 51c; cases 5c higher; China Nut, 39®47c
gal. ■■ - . . .-...-■;..:.- -
PETROLEUM— EIaine Is quotable at 24^c « ;
gal: Eocene, 21 y 2 c %i gal: Headli-ht. 175°, cases, j
2ly a c; Star, 19i/>c; extra Star, in cases. 23i/oc; i
Astral, 19y 2 c; Pearl, 19y 2 c: Standard, 110° lire !
test, 17% c 3* gal in cases, 18c faucets and 13y a c
in bulk; Water-white, refined, in bulk, 14y 2 c; Min
eral Seal, bulk, 19c; wood bbls, 21 a c; cases, 24c :
~& gal; Mineral Sperm, bulk, 20c; wood bbls,
22y 2 c: cases, 25c %* gal.
GASOLINE AND BENZINE-86" Gasoline In
bulk, 20c; cases, 25c; Deodorized Stove (gasoline,
bulk, 15y a c; cases, 20y c: 63° Deodorized Ben- 1
zinc, bulk, 14y 2 o; cases, 19y 2 c.
WHITE LEAD— at 6i/>c V tt).
RED Quotable at 6y 2 c"?( ID.
TURPENTINE-47c* gal.
CANDLES— Granite Candles, 6s, 16 oz, 1014 c;
do. 14 oz, 9y 2 c; do. 12 oz. B%c; do, 10 oz, 8y 4 c; i
Electric Light Candles, 6s. 16 0/., B%c; do, 14 oz, !
8c; do, 12 oz, 7y 2 c; do, 10 oz, 6%c: Harafllne Wax
CandLes, white, la, 2s, 4s, 6s and 12s. 14 oz, 9 /ic; 1
assorted colors, same sizes, 101/4 C. *
LEATHER— No business worth talking about.
Extra heavy Sole is quotable at 26®28c ~$ lb:
heavy Sole. 27c for No. 1 and 25c "for No. 2: |
medium sole, 24@26c for No. 1 and 22c for No. 2 :
light sole, 2S@24c for No. 1 and-21@22 ~& ft for
No. 2; Harness, heavy. 3J@3sc: do, medium, 28c:
do. light, 24@25c; Roueh Leather. 18@20c: Kips. |
$40^45 %* doz; Calf, 70(g,90c %1 ft; Rough Splits,
4@sc
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refinery Company i
quotes, terms net cash: Cube, Crushed, Powdered 4
and Flue Crushed, all 614 c;' Dry Granulated, 56/gc; j
Confectioners' A, sy c; Magnolia A, 6c; Extra I
C, 4%c: Golden C, 4 8 / ic: half-barrels, more
than barrels, and boxes y 2 c more. •
SYRUP— Goiaen, in bbls, l&c; Black Strap, 10c
¥ gal. . '
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
Hogs have again declined. Beef and Mutton are
unchanged. Wholesale rates , for dressed stock
from slaughterers are as follows:
BEEF— First quality, 5%c; second quality,
4ii>(gisc: third do, 3i/ 2 @4c "# tt>. .
VKAL- Large. 6@6c; small, 6@7c W lb.
MCTTON— 6c; Ewes, 6y^c i» lb.
La MB— Spring Lamb. 7c 9 tb. ■
PORK-Live Hogs, S^c %1 tb for large and 4c
for small; dressed do, si/g^6i.4c %4 lb. ) .
RECEIPTS OF INTERIOR PROD UCE
FOR 24 HOURS.
Flour, or. slcs 4,838 Eggs, dos 13.410
Oregon 61:., Quicksilver, flasks 100
Wheat, ctls ..I Leather, roll* 73
Barley. ctU.. 7.190 Hides, no. 1,608
Corn. 2,650 Pelts, Ddl«.._ 640
Nebraska..:..... 400 Wool. bl» I.ltß
Potatoes, ska. 1.380 Wins, gals. 50 , 4(>o
Onions, ska 12 Brandy, gals. 2.465
Hay. tons. 260 Lime, bbls 120
Middlings, ska. . 24 6j Beans, ska, 224
Br»n, meg 2,090 Hops, bis 24
Butter, ctls 268 Raisins, bxs 2,100
Cheese, ctls. 571
TEE STOCK MAEKET.
Values were lower yesterday, the best prices be
ing from 2c to 10c under those of Monday. Busi
ness continued quiet. The close was weak.
Alpha is assessed Be.
The assessment on the Con. Cal. & Va. will be
delinquent in office to-day.
The annual meeting of the Bulwer Con. takes
place to-day.
The Chollar reports a cash balance of $1 3.570 R5.
A bar of bullion valued at $2200 has been re
ceived from the Gray Kagle, being the result of a
few days' run of the mill.
Telegrams from the Occidental slate ; that the
ground on the 750 level Is getting considerably
softer, showing that they are n Raring the ledge on
that level. They are, still crossouttlng from the
Edwards shaft and ate in gold ore assaying $6 per
ton. They have some distance further to run be
fore reaching the wall, and the management is
very hopeful of getting into an ore body within a
few days. . . . , . ......
The First National Bank of Monrovia has de
clared a dividend of $2 50 cer share on Us capital
stock, which was paid April 1.
The First National Bank of San Diego has de
clared ii dividend of 3 per cent. The surplus of
the bank is now about $'J3.0U0.
The Merchants' .Exchange Bank of this City: in
liquidation since 1875, "has declared its thirteenth
dividend of $1 per share, payable on the B'h. ,
The weekly report of the Chollar is as follows-
In the south stop*- 460 level they continue to assort
the old fill, and are preparing to raise on a streak
of fair grade ore two feet wide, exposed on the ease
side. In this slope above crosscut 2 this level
they fare working north and south on the sixth
floor in fillings and bunches of fair grade in places,
on the 550 level they have completed the renairs
on ttie north lateral drift and have put In • a " chuta
in the raise lending to the south stope on the 460
level, under which It Is proposed to prospect fur
ther. Have saved and shipped to r the Nevada
mill for reduction ■ during the week 761/4 tons of
ore, the average battery sample of which; with
that previously accumulated in the ore bins was
v£ A CO. .•.*■-'. ; ' '■-.-* -^
. Potosi— The south compartment of the raise
from the 450 level south drift has been completed
to tlie tenth floor. " It has cut bunches of fair grade
ore, which has been saved. On the 650 level they
have completed eighteen feet of the main west
a rift, making Its total length 368 feet. A consider
able portion of the week has been occupied in put
tine in a blower and air D'.pe at this point. On the
tunnel level the southeast drift has been upraised
and retlmlM-red 3HO teet from the switch, seventy
feet having been completed since lust report.' Are
repairing In the main incline, and elsewhere as is
found necessary.  v. -;-" ■ .■;.>,'s*„
It was reported yesterday that Jere Lynch, presi
dent of the Hale" & Norcross, and | James Cronin
bad arrived on the' Comstoc< and that the mine
was to be opened up at once. -*- . • ;
Assessments ■'••ml injj. : ' ; . ;■*■*<*
: Following is a list of assessments now penJln»: •
IDellnqt
No. AmtJ tnthe
I Board.
Sale Day.
,n<?it:iier
Con. Cal. & Va ;-...-..
J'.odle C0n.:..........
Sei. 8e1cher.....'....
rtnV.l.-
Ophir I
8u11i0n...., 1
Uould * Curry
Challenge I
Ca1ed0nia... . ........
Crown P0int...:....
Occidental I
Utah.: ..i. ...........
Alpha...:. ...•..,.■...
62! v
61- "
19 -.
17 •
6HJ
47
78 '.
SSI
46
67 r
22
Si •
■ 16,
2C.Apr 3 .April 28
30;. Apr 4 .April 29
16,.Apr 7 May 4
lO'.AprlOl.May 4
'25.Aprl7l.May 11
10i.Aprl8.May 14
15'.Apr26 .May 20
05.Apr27 .May 20
OV.May 2 .May 27
20. May S.May 28
10. May 3. May 28
05. 11 ay 4. May 27
05. May T...... ..
Apr
Apr
BOARD SALES.
Following were the satej In the Stan Franetsce
BtprK Board yesterday.
KKBCUR MOBNINO BKSBIOIT COMMKJfCINS 9:30.
'200 Alta l'J 100 Cb0!1ar....45!i!00 0cc1dt1....56
300 Andes 30 850 CC*V . .1.80:3110 8/
400 8e1cher... 42 100 Crwn Pt...^6300 Ophir. ..1.10
300 B & 8....55 50 361100 0vrmn....12
v! 00 8u1wer...26|400 O& C 25|7OO Savage 33
AFTKRSOON SESSION— 2 :30.
500 8e1cner... 42100 H<SN ...1.35 100 8«v»ge....54
400 Bodie 36J100 Kenick....o.")|6oo S Nev... 62
100 Ch011ar....45j200 Mexican.. 4s:loo Union 67
100 46|5000vrma....11|200 Utah 07
300 Ct&V.. 1.75 260 Potoai 37,100 V Jackt...36
100 C P0int... 361 I
following were the sales in the radio Stock
Board yesterday: ■ . ; . •' ;.
''"!••' BXOULAB RtSSION"— 10:3(1. ' • ' ' T
200 Alpha 08: 60 Contl 85200 P0t051.....38
900 07:400 Crwn ft... 35 *00 5ava«e....32
600 A1ta...... 12600 O & C 25 400 33
400 Andes 30 600 H<&.\' 1.27ya'600 S B& M...04
300 8e1cher.. .421500 Justice. ...o» S Nev ....62
800 8&8.......651800 Kentuclr..o4!2oO .......... .61
400 Bodie 36 400 Mexiqan..4s|loOo 60
500 Caleda...-.05 200 M0n0......l IJBOO Union C...57
300 Chatlntr...27 800 0ccid.... .88400V... ........ 66
700Ch0uar....46 400 .::....:. 881200 Utah .....07
300 C U*V. I.Boi9ooOphir 1V 8 600 V JacKot..36
900 ;.;.....1.77y a iloo Ovrmn 11l .
AFTERNOON SESSION— :30.
600 Aloha 03 400CCaV1.77y a 2ooOccid 87
300 AJta 12 200 ..... 1% 900 0pbir.. .1.10
200 Andes ....30 50 Confi .....B'J 150... ........ .]y 8
1500 .:. 29 200 ........ 81200 .:..... 1.07
200 8e1cher....42,200 Con V... 03 200 0vrmn....1l
300 B& 8.....55 400 C Point.... i»s 200 P0t05i.....3tJ
200 „.;.. .54 1000 Exchqr..o3;2oO Savage... .34
100 Bodie 36 100.. ....... ...0411000 «corpiono4
200 Bullion.. O6 3OOG&C .25 6400 S B & M.04
200 8u1wer.... 26200 H<feN... 1.30 200 S Nev 61
i 400 Caled 05:900 ...........1.30 300 Uni0n. ...56
lOOChallnue..27 200 1.321/2 500 .....55
1400 Ch011ar. .471800 Mexican.. 4s 200 Utah.. ...07
400 ........ ;....46 100 M6n0.....1l 300 V Jacket.. 36
400CC&V..1.80|300Occd ;..:. 86 300 ............36
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
TUESDAY, April 7-4 p. m.
Siil.AtkrdA Bid. Asked.
Alpha Con 08 07 Jackson... ...„ 40 —
A 1t«..,. 11 12 Julia . 05 06
Andes...... — 28 29 Justice ...... 07 08
8e1cher........ 41 42 KentucK. ...... 04 05
Best <fc Belcher: 53 55 ! Lady Wash.... — 05
Bodie _ 36 37 j Mexican. .....43 45
Bullion.. 05 06 Mono ... 10 —
Bnlwer _, — 30 Nevada — 06
Caledonia...... 06 06 Occidental 86 87
Challenge Con. 25 26 OpUir LO6 1.10
Ch0Uar. ..;....; 44 45 Overman .... - 12
Con-CaLA 1.75 1.80 Fotos\ ;........ 36 37
' Con. imDeruu. 01 02 Savrjte S3 34
Confidence... — 86 be*. Belcher... 04 05
Con.New Yo«. - 04 Sierra Nevada. 60 " 61
Crown Point... 34 35 (scorpion ... 03 05
EastS:erra^«» — 04 Silver Hi 11..... 01 02
Exchequer..... 03 05 Syndicate.. -01 02
Eureka Con — 26 Union C0n..... 55 66
Gould & Curry. 24 25 Utah .. 06 07
HaJedtNorcrt.l.2s 1.35| Yellow jacfcM. 34 30
. GOLD mining Exchange.
800 AmaHe 190 Keystone
300 ..-.: 1 95 Bid ...65 00
Champion Providence....
Bid 13 50 Bid 65 00
4600 Grant 37 1000 Savannah..... 32
8700 381800 S3
4000 ..„„ 36700 Thorpe 88
Kennedy 3000... 87
Bid ..................14 00
Asked lttOO
LOCAL SECURITIES.
Bid 2 Humboldt Bank 1000 00
Bid 60 Oceanic steamship 18 00
Bid '20 Hawaiian Commercial.... 19 00
Bid 50 San Francisco Ga5......... 8200
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
TUESDAY, April 7- 2 p. K.
DNITKD STATICS BONUS.
Bid. Atked. mi. Aa**d.
V R4seonp..lO««/ 8 — v 8«« reg...lOßs/ a —
Do, newts... — 117*4
UIKCKI.HNKOM BOKDI
Cal-BtCbless.lll% — ! Do. 2d las 6*. — —
talElecL6s.Ho — P4O Ry 6s. 105 120
CntraCWSs. 9'jy a 95 P&Chßv6s. — 107%
Dpnt-st 77 95 Pwl-st.Rft6s. — 116%
EdsnL&P 63.111 — Reno. WL&Lj — 105 ■
F&CHRR6*. — 105% KlverW Co6s — 100
Gearv-stßss.looV 2 — l^actoP <fc L..100 102%
LoeAn«JL.6s. - 101 |'tJF<fcNFKßssloliy s li;2
Do,Gnted.6s. - 104 bPRRArisBs — 94
Jlkt-stCble6sl23 - SPRRCaI6s..IO7% —
Doß.vConss..lO«Vilo7V 8 - -
NevCNgß7s. 99V* 99ty B !«i'BrKCal6s. 95% 98
N PCKR6S.IO3V* - ciVWater6s..ll9%l-'O
NBy gal 6s. - 105 BVWat«r4s~ 99% 99 7 /s
NRy Cal ss. — — StktnU&Ett* — lv 1
Oak Gas 55.. 100 104 Vi fcunstT<feT6a.lOo —
Do. 2d i 5565.10314 — Buuer-HCKss.lloiA —
Omnibus 65.. lIS — ViwdlaWCti* — 94
PacKollMßs.. - —
WATER STOCK*.
Contra Costa 37 — |Ban Jose 75 100 i
UarlnCa... *tf — |SprinsVaUey 100y 2 iol
PA* STOCKS
Capita!.. — 39%' Pacific Light. 44 45%
Central...... 95 — |Han*Tancso* 83% 84
OakOL<feH. 61% - , Stockton. .... — ■' . 21%
PkcUaalmp. 82. 82 V*!
-■- WiO R \ UK STOCK*. '..
FlremansFd.l69 . 176 |Sun .:....... 40 (— 'f-f
COKUEBUIAC BAVK STO"KT.
Amerß&TC. — — iLondonP&A.
/nglo-Cal... - 60 iLondon*SP. — 27V»
Bank of Cal. . 'J3« 240 Mcr.ii 1ii.... Vi —
CaISD&TCo.. 6724 R0 Nevada — —
UrstNatlonl.l7B 182% Bather B Co. - —
Grangers — — 1 ■ -
i "'■'■"'. SAVINGS BAKK STOCK*.
eerS<&LCo..!4oo 1450 ;eav&Loaa.. — 101
HumbS&L.llOO 1450 Security...... — 260
Mutual. -39 40 Union Trust. — 825
BJr" SnvUnlon — 490 :
7 ' STR^KT RAILROAD «TOCIC*. .
California.... 10814 — |Oak,SL<SH»r — 100
Geary-st 60 7^% Presidio...-. 9 — '
Market-5t.... 47 Vi 47%Sutter-5i..;... — — '
! '," ,' ': row uk 1. stock >. '
Atlantic D... 16 : 16%,Jnd50n....... — —
California.... — 98 ;Vigonu ...... 35c 76c
«»ant... — 19 I -
>V ; , ;MISCKI.LAKj:OITfI 3TOCK<t .
Alaska Pkrs. 90 94 OceanlcSSCo 18% 18%
BlkDCoalCo. — 10 PacAnxFA.. 1 — ,
ColCotMilla.. — — Pac Borax. .. 98 100
CalDrvDoclc. — — iPacl&NCo. — SO
EdlaonLightlo4%lo6V4 1 '«.■ Eoll Mill 29% Viy x
GasConAssn. — — ;ParfPaintCoi 6 - 7%
GerLeadCo. 85 — iPacTransOa — 34 '
HawC*3Co_ 19 19V3'PacT*TCa P4SA 70
HntchSPCa. l«y 8 19 ( BunseLTJtr.. 41 —
JudsonMfgC. — — United — 25-
MerKxAssalOS 110 i
,' ' ,• wiirn'ivi »r«"irn\'
Board— 23 Edison Light and Power Co, 104: 50
Pacific Gas Imp, 82: 180 Hawaiian Commercial,
19: 10 ti F Gaslight, 828/ i; 10 do, 83: 65 do, 83V4:
86 S V Water. 10034.
«tre«}t-^6OOO Cal'ifornia-st. R X Bonds. 112; 15
Oceanic 8 s Co, 18%: $10,0U0 SP4SP Railway
Bonds, 101%.
'."/>. : ' 'T AFTißNons* sKssrof.
Board— 3o Contra Costa Water, 37: 70 Hutch in*
son SP Co. 19: 38 do, 18%
--■ Street— so Market-st Railway, 47%: 25 Pacific
Gas Imp, 82; $10,000 S V 4% Bonds, 995/ -
EEAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Caroline L. Morse to Hattie M. Rehflsch, lot on
S line of California street, 112:6 E of Scott, E 25
by S 137:6: $10.
John Coop and James W. Smith to Otto S. Hil
debreeht, lot ou E line of Belvedere street, 160 X
of Frederick, N 2B by E I21:10tt: $10.
James J. Walsh to Nellie G. Walsh, lot on N line
of Twenty-second street, 345 E of Guerrero, E 43:8
by N 114: Kift-
J. J. -and Susan D. Dickinson to Jennie White,
lot on S line of Sixteenth street, 220 \V of Castro,
N 134:5, W 42, s 22 deg. 12 ruin., W 20, N 85
deg. 46 mln. E 11, S 4 deg. 15 mm. E 120:8, N
65 dec 10 mm. E 4:1, E 2b' :by->, subject to mort
gage; $10.
Margaret Donovan to Andrew J. i)onovan, lot
on N line of Duncan street, 55 X of r*oe, E 78:4
by N 114, subject to mortsapre: $10.
Thomas and Marie H. Kobinsto Henry Antony,
lot on S lin* of North Point street, 60 W of Hyde,
W 190 by rt 137:6; $10.
Owen WcArdle to Julius Pteinstein, lot on \V
line of Hyde street, 50 N of Sutter, N 27:6 by W
87:6: $10.
R. P. Hammond to Peter Swemon, lot on E line
of Rhode Island street, 100 rt of Twenty-fourth
(Sonoma), s 25 by E 100; $10.
City and County of San Francisco to estate of
Egberi Judson. lot on N\V corner of De Haroaud
Alameda streets, N 360 by W 200: $ .
Alexander Hepburn to Janet G. Hepburn, lot on
E line of Eureka street, 149 X of Nineteenth, N
25 by E 125; also lot on W line of Connecticut
Btreet, 154:4 Vi N of Solano, N 27:3ij| by \V 100;
gift.
K. R. and Annie M. Knapp to Solomon Getz, lot
on S line of California .South or Deeth street, 32:6
E of 1-ifth avenue, X 25 dv S 100; SlO.
A<!olph Sutro to Catherine Moss, lots 16 and 16,
block '_"24: 610.
>*01, Dora. Bose and Bernhard Getz to Francis
and Sarah A. Mitchell, lot on X line of Twelfth
avenue, 125 N of A street, N 25 by X l'JO; $10.
h. A. ami Leonle dv Milien to Austin Walrath,
lot on X line of Forty-eighth avenue, 175 S of P
street, S 25 by B 120: $10.
Duniel 1., and Lydia A. Steele to a. Turner, lot
o>: W line of Tniny-eighth avenue, 358:9 S of R
Btreet, X 33:9, W 120, 525.9, B 120:3; $10.
Angus D. McDonald and G. W, Hunsbrough to
Charles F. Lang, lots &74, 576, 57H, gift map 2; $1.
Charles F. Lang to Jacob llevman. same; $ 40.
Ben ngna Bauer to Kate Rudden, lot on E line
of Edinburgh street, 250 8 of China avenue, S 25
by E 100, block 47. Excelsior Homestead ; $10.
George G. aud Jane C. Webster to Ann V.. Web
ster, lot on N line of Sherman street, 50 W of
Arch. W 100 by N 100, block 22, City Land Asso
ciation; «l(iO.
Miguel, Vincent and Cntalina Noe and Catallna
Splivalo to Charles Conrad, undivided half of lot
on s line of Minerva street, 90 E of Orir.aba, it,
100 hy S 125. block O, Railroad Ilomesteud; $5.
Margaret Cuinmings to Richard F. and Aftby
Chamberlain, lot on NW corner of Williams and
Burrow streets, N 100 by W 55, block 29, Rail
road-avenue Homestead; $300.
L. G. and Maria L. Young to Frederick fischer,
lot on W line of Twin Peaks avenue, 46 N of
Twenty-seventh street, W 125.0*1, S 9 deg. 30
mm. E 47, E to Twin Peaks avenue, N 46, block
33, Stanford Heights; $lU.
AT.AMKDA COUNTY.
Frank H. Lynde to Mat tie V. Lynde, undivided
third interest in lot on N line of West Fifth street,
103:3 \V of Adeline, W 25 by N 101. being lot 5.
block 488. Uriscss Tract, Map 2, Oakland; $600.
*'. J. and J. J. Bucher to John Breen, lot on N
line of Thirtieth street, 32 \V of Linden, >* 75, W
50. N 25, E 82, S 100, W 32 to beginning, block
669, lilaseock Tract, Oakland, to correct 558 d. 93;
$10.
Mary and Oscar Mayer to P. H. Petersen, lot 6,
block G. Flint Tract, map 2. Oakland; $5.
V. P. and Maugie Mitebels to Charles Lamer. lot
30, Mackinnon and Uohrman Truct, Brooklyn
Township: also lot '2, block C, Melrose station,
Brooklyn Township; $10.
R M. and Mary R. Smith to Margaret Dunne,
lot on SE corner Beck and Church streets, E 375
by S 108.66, being lots 31 to 45, block C, Everett
Tract, Brooklyn Township: $10.
Joseph and Sarah Clifford to Manuel Maderos.
lot ou N\V corner West Third and Lewis streets,
W 25 by N 100. beiD* lot 1, block H, Bay View
Homestead, Oakland: $10.
Mary Jfl. Simpson to N. A. Ball, lot on S line of
Simpson avenue, 700.90 \V of Telegraph, W 50 by
S 1015.33, being lot 17, Simpson's Tract, Oakland
slo.
Daniel J. and Margaret Coughlin to Christina
Barclay (wife oi K. C), lot on E line of Hamilton
street. 135 N of Bristol, N 45 by X 110, being por
tion of Range 8, Hardy Tract, Berkeley: $100.
Joseph J. and Ella Rivers to Sarah E. Stevens,
lot on W line of Shattuck avenue. 2'o N of Pin<>
street, N 30 by W 185, being the N 30 feet of lot
33. block 1, Graves and Taylor Tract, Berkeley:
John A. Patton to William C. Patterson, lot on S
line of Carrison street, 258:4 E of San Pablo
ayenue, E 33:4. H 126.895, W 33:4 to a point
126:13 from point of b-giuning on a line drawn at
rght angles to Carrison street, thence N 126:13 to
beginning, block D, Carrison Tract, Berkeley: also
lot on XW corner of Bristol and California streets,
N 135 by W 100, range 30, Hardy Tract, Berkeley;
also lots 7 and 8, block B, Sunny Slope Tract, Oak
land; $5.
Builders' Contracts.
Kdward Genty with Williams A Foster, to erect
a 2-story building on the northwest corner of Fol
som and Twenty-fifth streets, Charles W. Kossen
architect; *1 1,025.
Hettie H. Kehtisch with Moore & Camerom,
all work for additions and alterations to a '2-story
frame building on S line of California street, 1126
east of Scott, J. H. Littletteld architect: $2797.
Margaret Rippon with H. P. Often and W. f»oren
sen. all work for two '2-story buildings on the
northeast corner of Frederick and Clayton Mtreets,
William Koenig architect; $5744.
Mary H. Atkinson with L. T. Fenn. to erect a I
story building on E line of Twelfth avenue 100,
south of Lake street, no architect; $1216.
THE CALI CALEXDAB.
Apkil, 1896.
W.
Vr.
i
2
3
i^\LastQuarti
April
•
te
10
11
]
Ofo. New Moon.
W April j2
15
I 16
17
|
22
3 First Qua
April
21
23
28
*» Full Mo.
Vi/ April
OCIiAN S' 'AMEKS.
Date* of Departure irom San Kranrf «co.
BTK.AM KB. | I.rSTI.VATIO.V |
MA! I.*.
| PIER.
wueen . |
Farallon.... j
Coptic ;
Weeott..... !
Arairo
Eureka ..... I
Arcata...... :
Walla Walla,
Homer :
Coos 8ay.... |
Empire I
Santa Koia,.
P0m0na..... i
State of Cai i
Bl Pau1...... i
Acapulco. ... '
rmaiilia ;
SUDOI '
Corona i
IPortlana
V aaulna Bay.,
i China <fc Japan
'■ Eel River
coos IiAV
j Newoors ......
' Coos Bay. .....
I Vie A Pet Slid
: Coos Bay
l Mexico
Portland
Ban D1e50.....
; Humboldtiiaj
i Portland „....
i Newoort
Panama
Vie A Pet Bnd
GraV3 HarDor.
Kan Diego
{Apr B.loam i Pier 24
Anr 8, 9am Pier 2
;Apr 8. tnPHSB
lApr 8. 9am 1 Pier 13
iApr 9.10 am ■ Pier IS
Apr 9. JtAMlPlerll
I Apr 9.10 am ' Pier 13
{Apr ». 9am! Pier 9
'Apr 9. spm Oceanic
iApr 10,10 am Pier 11
j Apr 11, spm I Pier la
Apr 11.11 am! Pier 11
April. •Jru,Pier9
Apr 13.10 am I Pier 24
Aorl3. 9am Pier 11
Apr 14,12 m!PMSS
Apr 14. 9am i Pier 9
Apr 16. 4pm Pier U
Ajorlß.llAM Pier 11
SXK.4MKIW TO ARKIVJi.
Stramkr I
f H"M
Arra'.a
lUodo Janeiro..
H0mer..........
Empire......;.;.
eamaKosa......
Acapulco...
Mari005a .......
City of Para
Pomona..
Truckee
Protrreso
On of Everett
L mat Ilia
State of Cat.....
etPaui......
S'JtlOl
Zealandla
Costa Rica
San Mateo
Weeott.
Corona ....
Wasntenaw.....
Crescent City...
Araco ..
KureKa;;;;;.i;;
Dpl JTorte ■■....■
[Coos Bay
China and Japan ......
Coos Bar •■.'.....
Portland.. .
San .Dieg0.... ...........
{Panama
: 5ydney............. ....v;
Panama
flamboidt Bar
Ti11am00H......
! Seattle.
Nanaimo ,
Victoria & Pucrat Sound
P0rt1and.................
Sevrvon. „
rays Harbor...;..
Panama
| Departure Bay
Com ox
I Eel River
I San Dieg0.... ............
Panama
I Crescent City.. .-..
Coos 8ay...,,
Newport
Grays Haroor...
..Apr 8
..Apr 8
..Apr 8
..Apr 9
..Apr 9
..Aiir 9
..Apr 9
..Apr 9
..Apr 10
..Apr 10
..Apr 10
..Apr 10
..Apr 10
. Apr 10
..Apr 11
..Apr 12
..Apr 13
..Apr 12
..Apr 12
..Apr IS
..Apr 13
..Apr 14
..Apr 14
..Apr 14
..Apr 15
'..Aor 16
SUN. MOON AND XII>K.
U. S. Coast and Gkodbtic Survey Tidb 1 *
Bt'LLKTIN PUBLISHKD BY OFFICIAL V
APTHORITY OF THE SIPEBISTKNDgXT. j
Wednesday, April 8.
Sunrises 5.43' M00n rises... 3 32a m
Sunsets 6.41 Moon sets '..
April-189«.
iTlme
|l w
Feet :Tlmo Fee ,
IH VV |
■™°£ - Feet
L, W |
Time
jH \V
i Feet
8 3.04 2.4 8.40 4.9 3.02 —0.2 9.50 4.3
9 3.45 2.0 9.40 , 4.8 3.40 0.1 10.16 4.5
10 4.24 1.6 10.29 4.7 4.11 0.4 10.38 4.6
11 4.54 l.a 11.10 . 4.51 4.3» 0.7 10.57 4 6
13 5.16 0.9 11.53 4.2 5.05 1.0 11.19 4.7
13 5.50 O.H 12.38 4.0 5.34 1.3 11.40 4.5
14 6.27 0.3 1.25 J. 6 1 6.01 1.5 ■ ... .. | ..
Note— in the above exposition of the tides tha
•arly morning tides are given In the left hand
column, and the successive tides of the day in the
Orcierof occurrence at to time. The second time
column gives the second tide of the day, the third
time column the third tide, and the last or right
hand column gives the last tide of the day. except
when there are but three tides, as sometimes
occurs. The heights given are additions to the
soundings on the United States Coast Survey
charts, except when a minus sign (-) precedes the
height, and then the number given Is subtract! vo
from the depth given by the chart*
niLiiKouitAi'Hic mjL.L.mux;
- Branch llydroqrafhio Office, XJ. 9. N. •»
Merchants' Exchamrr. • >
San- Francisco, April 7. 189 R. )
The time ball on Telegrapn Hill was dropped
exactly at noon to-day— i. c., at noon of the 12U(b
meridian, or exactly at a r. m., Greenwich time.
" ■ : -•' t • ' ■■••: ■' ■ A- F. Fechteler, .
Lieutenant V. S. N.. in charge. .
S±HFi»lNti INTKI>L.I«iSNCE.
Arrived.
TUESDAY. April 7.
Stmr Eureka, Jepsen, 691/2 hours from Newport
and way ports; pass and mdse, to Goodall. Perkins
«fc Co.
Stmr Mackinaw, Littlefleld, 85 brs frm Tacoma;
3500 tons coal, to S P Co. Oakland direct.
Br ship Loch Broom, lledford, 74 dayn from
Newcastle, NSW; 3883 tons coal, to JD Spreckels
& Bros Co.
3r ship Holt Hill, Williams. 160 days from Liv
erpool, via Holyliead 118 days; mdse, to J D
Spreckels & Bros Co.
Br Bhlp Brablocb, Kiddie, 67 days from Newcas
tle, NSW: 3164 tons coal, to J J Moore & Co.
Sausalito direct, with cargo on flre.
Br bark Bass Bock, Kain. 140 days from Dun
kirk; 5385 csks cement, 612,500 kilos coke, to
W R Urace& Co.
Bark Alden Besse, Potter, 24 days from Hono
lulu: 17.945 bags sugar, to J D Spreckels <Sr Bros
Co; 1576 bags sugar, to M S Grinbaum : ISOO kees
n.nils and 15 cs meatchoppers, to Baker <$: Hamil
ton.
B>rlc Heaper, Sodergren. 21 days from Kahului;
20.785 bags sugar, to Alexander &. Baldwin.
hchr Bessie K. Andprson, 23 hours from Albion:
lumber, to J S Kirn ball.
Cleared.
TUESDAY, April 7.
Stmr Australia, Houdlette, Honolulu: J D
Spreckels <fc Bros Co.
Stmr Orizaba, Yon Helms, Guaymas; Goodall
Perkins <fe Co.
stmr Corona. Hall, ban Diego; Goodall, Perkins
& Co.
Stmr Queen, Green, Astoria; Goodall, Perkins
* Co.
Stnir Pomona, Koran, Eureka: Goodall, Perkins
& Co.
Schr R W Bartlett, Ol9en, Nicolaefski: Freeman.
Smith & Co.
Sailed.
TUESDAY, April 7.
Stmr Anstralia. HoudlPtte, Honolulu.
Stmr (Orizaba, Yon Helms, Uuaymas.
Stmr Pomona, XJoran, Eureka.
.Hark Kiohnrd 111, Connor. Comox.
Whal brie; Hidaluo. Uifford. whaling.
Schr La Ninfa, Dollard. cortrtshini?.
Schr Antelope. Anderson, Coquille River.
Schr Bender Brothers. Thompson, Point Arena.
Schr 0 H Merchant, Brannan, Coos Bay.
Schr Coniianza, Weber. Siuslaw River.
Schr Moro. Jorcenson, Westport.
Schr Lilleboune, Hausen.
Tele*rr»r»hlo.
POINT LOBOS. April 7-10 p. v, -Weather
hazy, wind SW; velocity 30 miles.
<Jliar .-.0.-«.
The Br bark Don ia rechartered for wheat to
Cape Town, private.
Spoken.
Apr 1—49 . N 20 W. Br ship . Drnmbialr, from
Oregon for Queenstown. . • ■
r Mar 24-34 N 18 W, Br ship Lyderhorn, from
Cardiff for Santa Rosalia. ; • .
■ Mar 3-20 8. 125 36 W. Br ship, showing signal
letters P D H C, bound to Vancouver *
• Apr 1-10 in lies \v of Cape Lweru, stmr San
Bias, hence Mar 28 for Panama and way ports.
Domestic Port*.' : : . i- '
PORT GAMBLE-ArrJ Apr 7-Br shlD An
drina. from Port Blakeley. P An
BOWENS LANDINO-Sailed Apr 7-Sohr Mon
terey, for San Francisco. .- , " v
•-- IVEKSENS LANDING-Arrlved Apr 7 - Schr
Ocean Spray, hence Apr 3. % _■ ■■:■•
ADr COilA '~ ArrlVe(l Apr7 ~ StmrS * n Ben «<>. he
ho UR n A J S HARBOR-Arrived A pr 6-Stmr Sanol,
hence Apr 2; schr Webfoot. hence Mar 26 7-
Schr Dora Blnhm, from San Pedro - -'
ct^c*o le(1 Apr 7 ~ ScUr rdlner city, for San Fran-
CA's PAR— Sailed Apr 7— Stmr Jewel
Ml A ] 7 O f < o^a-conr <lAPr 7 ~^ P Va,.»«.. bee
'££*££&£**** Apr 7 - s^r Fannie Adele, for
fo^ a n E l?;S?o7 Sane<l APr 7 - St ™ Greenwood^
Ap?5 RT -° "~ ArrlVed Apr 7-Schr Etta B, he
'%v*2 11 " Etta B - for San Francisco,
fr^™ A . LL - ArrlvedApr7 - Nor stmr Transit,
from Vancouver. - . . ■ .
' InKMn^^? % V m Rent ">' Newport,
hence A V^ A ~ Arrlved Apr 7 ~ Stm Geo Loomis,
ASTORIA -Arrived Apr ." 7-Stmr South Coast,
hence Apr 3; , bark Aureola, hence Alar 27: schr
Enterprise, hence Apr 1. . !
• SAX PEDRO- Arrived Apr 6-Stmr Caspar, fni
Caspar. - - : . *~ :".'."."..-■? ■ *.-- -: '■ t ~
£UK£KA— Arrived Apr 7-Schr Berti* Minor
hence Mar 6 : schr Arthur I. hence Mar 5. •
,' Sailed— Stmr Westporu ,
. Foreign Forts.
HULL— Arrived Apr 4-Br ship Owenee, hence
" HONGKONG— Arrived Apr,, s— Br stmr China,
hence Mar 14. ■■- - . . Mar : 30-Stmr City of
MAZATLAN-Arrlved Mar 30-Stmr City .of
Sydney, hence Mar 25. Mar 29-Oer bark F a }'*»;
ISTAPA-Arrlved Mar I'2-Nlc bktn Wrestler.
hence Feb 11. '
Movements of Tran«- Atlantic Steamer*.
NEW YORK-Arrived Apr 7 — Stmr Kaiser
Wllhelm 11, from Genoa; stmr Fnesland, from
■Antwerp.
Salled-Stmr Spree, for Bremen. r
BOULOGNE— Arrived out Apr 7— Stmr Maas
dam.
Importation*.
NEWPORT— Per Eureka— s7 bxs oranges, .21
sks sweet potatoes. 3 pkgs mdse. . .
East San Pedrn-133 corn, 8 ska mustard
seed, 86 puncheons wine. • '
San Pedro— l bbl clams, 82 bx3 oranges, 2 bbls
wine. 23 t>xs lemons: .. r-I
Carpenteria-11 sks crawfish.
Los Angeles, via San PeJro. etc— 4l bxs oranges.
23crts bicycles, 1 bx tires, 13 cs d s backs, 9 cs
glassware, 11 pkcs p machine, etc.
Ventura— 46 sks beans, 304 bxs oranges, 8 c«
hardware, 10S bxs lemons, 3 bxs butter, 3 bxs to
bacco, 1 pkg d trees. - •■ -; ■'
Santa Barbara— so bxs lemons, 2cs hardward. 1
(?aviota— 45 sks wool.l Ml pelts,4s sks crawfish.
Port Harforrt — 12 bxs fish. 89 cs butter. 8 cs
eg-s 3 dressed calves, 35 bdls hides, 73 corn.
Cayucos— los bxs butter, 6cs cheese, 4cs eggs,
33 dressed calves. 1 bdl hides. 1 bx shoes.
>i an Simeon— l 7 tubs 107 bxs butter, 1 pkg har
ness 1 coop chickens,' Bcs eegs, 19 dressed calve,
1 pkg castings, 1 bdl hides. 2 bxs butter.
Monterey— 2 bxs butter. - •■'
ConHlsrneo*.
Per Eureka— Herman Joost: Schweitzer * Co; B
T Allen & Co: . Chas Montgomery & Co; HE Sat
tler Co: J Hoffman; Brlghftm. Hoppe * Co: A
Ingulla: H N Tilden&Co: Buss, Sanders « Co; A
Levy & Co; Holbrook, Merrill & Stetson; llilmer,
B&S- MTKreitas&Co: Wheaton, Breon & Co:
L D Stone & Co; Boss & Hewlett: O B Smith 4 Co:
Bisslnger&Co: Dodge, Sweeney A Co: H " » r "
field & Co: Dunham, Carrlgan & Co;C Carpy & Co:
Bros & Co ; C E Whitney A Co.; APaladtni:
American Union Fish Co; Dairymen s Union: C I»
Gerharu; Bissinger & Co: Hooker «fc Co: VS estern
Meat Co; Thos Dennigan & Sous: California Wine
Assn: Wood. Curtis Co Hills Bros; H Kirchroan;
G Camllloni & Co: Baker <fe Hamilton; Thos Day
<fe Co; J Ivancovlch <fc Co: Lev! Spiegel & Co: Paci
fic Coast Fish Co: F B Haiatht; D E Allison & Co:
Jones & Co;J X Armsby <fc Co: Allen A Lewis: A J
B lmmel * Co; Campodonlco & Malcolm: Good
win & Co: Hawley Bros; W B Sumner A Co: Owl
Drug Co; Newmark & Edwards: Cal Bottling Co:
L Gendottl: De Bernard! <fc Co; D Biagi & Co: J R
Gage: s Lachman; J de Martini A Co: TheCudahy
PacklngCo; Deere 1 nipt Co; E Mohring: Kmerson
& Co; S Lachman * Co; Ross, Higgins & Co; Bell
&Co.
For iM-tr, Shipping TntHli'jr.ncr S", Fifteenth Pan'-.
OCEAN STEAMSHIPS.
PACIFIC COAST STEAMSHIP WMPASI
GUT RATES
—•TO
VICTORIA, B. C, and
PUGET SOUND.
First Class 68.00
Beoond OlabSmm^S-OO
Meals and berth Included.
Ticket Office — 4 Sew Montgomery Street;
— OOODALL, PERKINS "<* CO.,
General Ageat» .
O. R. d 3 3>J-
ASTORIA ANDPORTLANDL
1 52.50 Second Class, $5 First Class.
MEALS AND BERTHS INCLUDED.
Columbia 5ai15......... April 8 and 18
State of California sails April 13 and 23
From Spear-st. Wharf (Pier '24) at. 10 a. m.
GOODALL, PERKINS * CO., Genl. Snpts.
'., ■-, v m; F. F. CONNOR, General Agent.
_ 630 Market street.
PACIFIC COAST STEAMSHIP COMPAS!
STEAMER 3 WILL SAIL FROM Jfff\
Broadway wharf, «an Francisco, as jsHk
follows:
For Mary Island. Lorln?. WrangeL Janeau, KII-
-llsnoo ana Sitka (Alaska), uDi.il, April 14
29. Mar 14. Jtt.
For Victoria and Vancouver (B. C.l, Port Town-
send, Seattle, Tacoma, Everett, Anacortos and New
Whatcom (Belllngham Bay, Wash.). 9 a. m.
April 4. 9. . 14, la, 24. 29. and every flf.h
day thereafter, connecting at Vancouver wrt>
the C. p. R. X., at Tacoma with N. P. R. R-
at Seattle with G. N. By., at Port Townsead wlui
Alaska steamers. '
- For Eureka, Arcata and- Fields Ltandloz (Haw
boldt Bay) str. Pomona, 2 p. v., April a. 7. 11.
15. 19, 2a, 27. and every fourth day thereafter.
For Santa Cruz, Monterey, San Simeon, Cayucos,
Port Harford (San Luis Obispo), Gaviota, Sama
Barbara, Ventura, Hueneme. San Pedro. East Sa«
Pedro (Los Angeles) ana Newport, at 9 a. v.. /.prt;
1, 5.9. 13, 17, 21,25, 29 and every fourth day
thereafter. - -
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Harforl
(San Luis . Obispo), Santa Barbara, Port Loj
Angeles, Redondo (Los Angeles) and Newport, 11
a. M.. April 3. 7. 11. 15, 19, 23. 27. and
every fourth day thereafter. .
■For Knseuada. San Jose • del ■ Cabo, Mazatlan. La
Paz. Altata and Guayiuas (Mexico), str. Orizaba,
10 a. April 5.
- Ticket office, Palace Hotel, 4 New Montgomery
street.
CiOODALL, PERKINS & CO., Gen'l Agent*,
■ 10 Market st. San Francisco.
OCEANIC S.S. CO.. /V days TO
HAWAII. SAMOA, L*. HONOLULU
NEW ZEALAND, ■ 1 by
AUSTRALIA. %Js.S. AUSTRALIA.
. S. S. AUSTRALIA for HONOLULU only, Tues.
April 28, at 10 a. m. Special party rates.
' .S. S. MARIPOSA sails via HONOLULU and
AUCKLAND for SYDNEY. Thursday, April 30.
at 2 p. m. • ■•■-■■■■■:•■: ■ •
Line toCOOLG Anst.. and CAPETOWN.
8. Afr. J. D. SPBECKKLS <fe BROS. CO., A^ts.,
114 Montgomery st.
Freight Office. 327 Market St., San Francisco.
COfIPAGME GENERAL fJLIMTUITH|DE
."' French Line to Havre.
COMPANY'S PIER (NE\V),42 NORTH J*r*a
\J River, foot of Morton st. Travelers by ■&&3s*
this line avoid both transit oy English railway aud
the discomfort of crossing the channel in a small
boat. ' New Yorit to Alexandria. Egypt, via Paris,
first-cfass $160: second-class, $llbT
LA GASCOGNE. Capt. Baudelon
:.. ...:.■. April 11, 8:00 "a. it
LA BRETAGNE. Capt. Rupe.
LA BbURGO'GNJE," CapL Le«>oeaf...t. P A ' *
LA NORMA NIiiE*,"CapI." iJt'lo'iic'lefiff!!.^. s .'.^.*' x
LA NORMANOIE, Capt. IK-loncle
'. May 2, ii. if.
DSS~ For further particulars apply to
„ _ „ A. FORGET, Agent, .
t ■*. t.tt« ?*r 3 Bow Green, New York.
avenge, FUGA^I * CO., Agents, 5 Montgomery
avenue, San Francisco.
WHITE USE.
United States and Royal Hail Ste'amen
BITWEE.V
New York, Queen & Liverpool.
SAILING KVEKY WJSKK. MUOI »
CABIN, $60 AND UPWARD. ACCORD-. -
lnc to Mt.>a:n-T and acromtno<latlOns 45&3&
eelectad; second Citin, «36 and *40; Majestic
Teutonic Steerage Tickets from England. Ire-
land, Scotland, Sweden, Norway and Denmark
through to San Francisco at lowest rates. Tickets.
sailing dates and cabin plans may be procured
from W.H. AVERY, Pacific Mall Docl, or at th«
General Office of the Company, 613 Market street,
under Grand Hotel. o.w. FLETCHER.
. General Agent tor Pacific Coast.
NETHERLANDS AMERICA STEAM HAVI-
GATIOI COMPASL
New York to Boulogne (Paris), Rot-
,. ;_ terdam and Amsterdam, .
Balling from New York EVERY SATURDAY at
'■',''■ 9A. M.' . '
. Cheapest route to Europe. First cabin $45 and
upward. - Second cabin $36. Bound-trip tickets ac
reduced rates. Lowes: steerage rates to all points.
For passage apply to local ticket agent or
THOMAS LOOK & SON, Pacific Coast paaiengeF
agents, 621 Market st., S. F.
ROYAL MAIL STEAM PACKET COMPASV
STEAMERS LEAVE ASPINWALIj jßitm_
fortnightly for the West Indies and <$jqg»
Southampton, calling en route at C^rbourgh,
France, and Plymouth to land passenger*.
Through bills of lading,. in connection with th*
Pacific Mail S. S. Co., issued for freight and treat-
] ■re to direct ports in England and Germany. --; -
Through tickets from San Francisco to Plymouth.
Cherbourg, Southampton. First class, $195; thirl
cUaa, #97 Ml For further particulars apply to
VARROTT & CO., AgenU,
• 206 California at.
STOCKTON STEAMERS
Leave Pier No. S. Washington at-
At 5 P. -31. l>ally, Kxcept Sundayf^
«*r Accommodations Reserved by Talephoaa.
- STKABI£R ]: .
T. C. Walker. V j. r% t>«*«»_
Mary Garratt. .. City of Sto™kto».
. : Telephone Main 808. Cm. Kav. and Impt. c"
FALLEJO, MARE ISLWD/BMICIA, PORT
COSTA ASD CROCKETT; "
■ STR; MONTICKI Tft
•*F.M.onIy. aund^-» "h. n. -••■
L. LaudiuK, Million 1, Pier 9.DR. D. O. CROWLEY
OFFERS HIS HOME
His Wife Refuses to Return
to the Scene of Alleged
Wrongs.
IS ALLOWED ALIMONY.
Attorney Foote Says the Com
plaint Is That of a Crazy
Woman.
FIRST HEARING IN COUET.
The Doctor Denies Being Nearly So
Rich as His • Wife Says
He Is.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,)
908 Broadway, April 7. j
The first inning in court of the Crowley
diTorco case was had to-day. The petition
of Mrs. Alma A. Crowley for alimony was
heard and decided. The doctor's wife,
t rough her attorneys, W. It. Davis and
Fred 1.. Button, asked for $250 a month
and |400 for counsel fees. After W. W.
Foote and R. M. Fitzgerald had concluded
their argument Judge Ogden decided that
$150 a month was enough for Mrs. Crow
ley and her two children and $250 was
enough for her attorneys.
Attorney Davis opened the proceedings
by setting forth in general terms the alle
gations in Mrs. Crowley's complaint for a
divorce. Mr. Foote protested against this.
He said that when the proper time came
they would show that the charges of adul
tery and cruelty were those of a crazy
woman.
Mr. Davis then read a lengthy affidavit
that set forth all the allegations in the
complaint. It stated that on the 24th oi
March she had left her home on Franklin
street and had gone to reside with her two
little children at the Hotel Metropole.
Mrs. Crowley is said to be destitute, and
one of her children needs a nurse and med
ical attendance. She has already run up
a bill of $oS at the hotel, and is also in
need of clothing. Dr. Crowley is said to
be in receipt of an income of $1000 a month
and to have bills outstanding to the
amount of $20,000.
Mr. Foote then stated the doctor's side
of the case. He set torth that Mrs.
Crowley, with unjust cause, had, on the
2 li h alt., left her home on Alice street and,
taking her children with her, had pone to
lire in an expensive hotel; that the de
fendant had informed her that she might
return to her home and that she would be
free from annoyance on the part of the de
fendant or any other person; that the
defendant would protect her there; that
he had repeatedly made the same offer to
her; that he now made the same offer
again and that he is willing to guarantee
l.er any protection which she may need or
demand; that he will keep her supplied
with food and clothing, care for her chil
dren, pay all her hills and surround her
With the neces-ary attendants to make
L-eriife comfortable. At the same time,
he denied that it was necessary to sup
]uy her where she is stepping at the
present time with nurses and medical
attendance for the special care of his chil
dren and he bases this denial on the fact
that he is himself a medical man. For the
tame reason he denies that it is necessary
to provide * certain amount of money with
which to pay for medicai attendance, be
cause the courtesy which exists in
the medical profession renders such an al
iowanee unnecessary. He also asserts she
was not in any manner restricted in what
she wbs to purchase for herself, her own
tense of propriety and necessity being her
governing power, and that she had always
been the sole judge of what she was to
purchase. The doctor further denies that
ne has an income of $1000 a month, or
that his income will exceed $950 a month ;
that his expenses for office, help, horses,
material" and other expenses exclusive of
those of a personal character average $500.
The doctor further denies that he has
rr.ore than $15,000 in outstanding accounts
on his books and says only 20 per cent is
good.
Mr. Fonte concluded by offering counsel
JiijO and alimony of $150 a month. He
said that Dr. Crowley would agree to leave
the home to his wife and live elsewhere,
and that she could not say she was home
lesa.
Mr. Davis said the court could not force
Mrs. Crowley to return to the theater of
her troubles. She should be made a rea
sonable allowance and be at liberty to
choose her own home.
After hearing all the evidence Judge
tvden said that Mrs. Crowley should be
able to prepare her divorce case on $250
and to live on $150 a month.
The attorneys for Dr. Crowley stated
that within ten days after the filing of the
complaint the an.«\ver would be hied and
the innocent woman whose name had
been bandied all over the State would be
exonerated entirely.
BACMGAKTEX CONVICTED.
Failed to Provide for His Wife and
Infant Child.
OAKLAND, Cal., April 7.— Solomon
Buumgarten was found guilty of neglecting
his wife and infant child, in the Police
Court to-day by Judge Wood. Several
. witnesses testified that he refused to secure
■ a physician or do anything for his wife
when she v.as ill. When one of his neigh
bors told him mat he should get food to
nourish his wife he replied that it was
holiday weeK and she could not eat any
thing but matzos and flour.
Baumgarten took the stand in his own
benalf, but insisted on keeping his nat on
while testifying. He said he was not ex
pecting an addition to his family and had
purchased twenty-five pounds of maizos,
which was enough for one person, but he
had not counted on the infant. He
claimed that a neighbor was trying to
ruin biro. He will be up for sentence to
morrow. ■
THE|POET'S TRIALS.
Called Upon by the Assessor and His
'Toll Tax Demanded.
OAKLAND, Cal., April Deputy
County Assessor Tyrrell called on Joaquin
Miller at his home :n the hills to-day to
ascertain what value he placed on ills
earthly surroundings and belongings.'and
was met with this reply:
"Well, I puess there is not any more
earth or water or sky or flowers around
here now than . there was a year ago, so I
guess you know as well S3 I do how much
. you ought U> asses? me."
A request from tho polite Assessor for
.the poet's poll tax was met with a plea for
further time, which was granted. The
deputy assessor has not yet made his re
turns to his superior.
ACTIVEX^ AT WORK.,
The Oakland Co-operative Colony at
Winter* Inland.
OAKLAND, Cal., April 7.— J. Greg ,
president of the co-operative colony which
was organized in this city last year and
secured about GOO acres of land on Winters
" Island, in Sacramento River, came down
yesterday for a visit. He says that a
great deal of farm work is being done and
that the outlook is very promising. The
membership is limited* to 100 ana the so
ciety has now eighty-seven members.
A temporary canning establishment is
to be fitted up, he says, In order to can to
matoes, corn, beans," etc.. when prices at
Sail Francisco drop down below the noint
which leaves a reasonable profit to the
grower.
Ho Will Return .
OAKLAND, Cal., April 7.- A. F. Wfl-
l ' a ?s. the daylight burglar captured by
Orncer Green, has been identified by the
police as Harry Lewis, who was released
from San Quentin last November after a
three years' sentence for burelary com
mitted in San Francjsco. He has since
served a ninety days' sentence in San
Francisco foi petty larceny, under the
name of J. T. Jones. He denies these, but
the photographs are very damaging evi
dence against him.
Before he entered Franklin's room,
where he was discovered, he had com
mitted another burglary at the Winters
Hotel. The nickel alarm clock found on
him has been identified as the property of
Albert Sanders, cook at the hotel. Two
charges of burglary will be placed against
him, and it is likely he will spend some
time behind the bars.
W. A. Uoloomb Very 111.
OAKLAND, Cal., April 7. — A. W. Hol
comb, president of the San Francisco
Produce Exchange, who has been seriously
ill for several months, was the principal in
an interesting operation to-day, which it
is hopsd will hasten his recovery. Mr.
Holcomb has been suffering from dropsy,
and at to-day's operation fifteen quarts of
water were taken from him at his resi
dence in tliis city. He is resting easy to
night, and feels confident that he will soon
be about again and be able to resume his
business. slr. Holcomb is well known
here and resides at 522 Seventeenth street,
with his wife and family.
Street Opening.
OAKLAND, Cal.. April 7.— The report
of the Board of Works as street opening
commissioners has been filed for the e.\^
tension of Brush street from First street
to deep water in t' c estuary. The total
expense figures up $2439 80, ana property
on both sides of Brush street to Twentieth
is assessed for the opening.
The property to be taken belongs to the
Central Pacific Railroad and Pacific Im
provement Company, and they are
awarded $2349 damages. Secretary Kauf
man and Engineer Wilson are allowed $125
each for their fees.
The Girl Detained.
OAKLAND, Cal., April 7.— Detective
Williams met and took into custody to
day as she alighted from the train Miss
Emma Wagner, a ltj-year-old girl from
Visalia, in response to a telegram from her
father requesting that she be held. When
questioned by Cnief Lloyd the girl said
she was a tr.iloress, and becoming dissatis
ied with her home life decided to leave.
She will be held awaiting her father's ar
rival.
Editorial Chair Vacant.
OAKLAND, Cal., April 7. — Willis
Ketcham, the high school boy suspended
by Principal McCnesney, has not re
quested to be reinstated, but, on the con
trary, has said he did not want to return.
The -Egis Publishing Company will there
fore hold a special meeting "Wednesday
week to select an editor to till the vacancy
caused by his absence.
HISTORY OF A DAY.
Alameda County Happening* Told In
Brief Chapters.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call. »
908 Broadway, April 7. j
Piedmont Parlor No. 120, N. S. G. W., will
give their seventh anniversary party at Mili
tary Hall on Wednesday evening.
The estate of Kate B. Trowbridtje has been
appraised at $7634. She owned stock in sev
eral local and San Francisco corporations.
The taxpayers are coming in with their sec
ond installments and the uepleted funds in the
City Treasurer's office are beginning to grow.
John Broadbent, the old man who was try
ing to entice little girls into a vacant house
in North Temescal, was fined $60 or thirty
days in jail.
County Tax Collector Barber has commenced
hia work in real earnest as collector of county
liquor licenses, the first work being done this
morning, four licenses being issued.
Mrs. Alice M. Stoeker, county president of
the Political Equality Club, has returned to
her home in Sunol. and is now actively carry
ing <m the political campaign in that place.
Areao Guiseppe, an old cobbler, who lives at
423 Second street, was thrown from a wagon
to-day on Twenty-second street, near Grove,
and sustained a severe concussion of tne brain.
The friends of Mrs. Louise Faessier are mak
ing another attempt to secure her release from
the Ukiah asylum. An application for a writ
of habeas corpus was reiused about six months
ago.
Charles Bain, the bicyclist from Fruitvale, is
being feted and dined in Yokohama, where he
is winning races and trophies without num
ber. He ih called the bicycle champion of
Japan.
Charles Merrill, who was arrested last night
by Officer Cooney for robbery committed on a
Chinaman in June, 1895, was not in the police
dock this morning. The Chlnarnan has not
been yet found to swear to a complaint.
The litigation over the estate of the late Dr.
Hood oi Hay.yards has come to a close. The
ostaie will now go to Mrs. Bessie Hood, who
resides in the East and who satisfactorily estab
lished the fact that she is tne widow of the de
ceased.
Professor K. 11. Griggs cf Stanford Univer
sity will address the teacher* of the Oakland
School Department and their friends at the
High School building Thursday next at 2:30
p. m. His subject will be, '-Literature and Gen
eral Culture."
The suit of A. C. Hammond Jr. against the
Trustees of San Leandro ;o restrain them from
proceeding to construct an electric-light i>lant
was set for hearing before Judge Ogdsu to-day,
but neither party appeared and the case was
dropped from the docket.
FABIOLA'S FETE.
Many People and Towns Hare Already
Accepted the Invitation to
Parade.
OAKLAND, Cal., April 7.— The ladies of
the Fabiola floral fete auxiliary met this
morning and those engaged in canvassing
for the souvenir reported that they had
met with success and that the work will
be a county programme.
The programme at the Oakland Trotting
Park will begin before noon. In the
morning the exempt lirernen will hold
their anniversary parade downtown,
assisted by the exempts of Stockton, San
Jose, San FrancUco end other towns.
After this the crowds will go to the park
and the exercises will be kept up till night.
Following is a list of those who have al
ready promised to decorate their carriages
and turn out in the parade :
Mrs. Isaac L. Itequa, Mrs. George EL Whcaton,
A. Q. Glenn, Mrs. James .Stanley, Mission San
Jose, Mrs. Archie Borland, Hrs.lL L. Ratten
berg, Mrs. James A. Kolger, Mrs. Gordon M.
fctolp, Mrs. Paul Lohsc, Mis. J. M. Driscoll, Mrs
K. M. Smith, Mrs. Hugo Abrahamson, Mrs. E.
W. Marston, Mrs. F. W. Havens, M. J. Keller
U / s - ^? stes I>ierc e. Mrs. Oscar Lunine,
Mrs. William J. Landers, Mrs. P. If. Kemfl
lard, Mr?. Alexander Mcßean, James K. Moffitt,
I. J. Kciler, Mrs. E. B. Stone, Miss Grace Gor
rflL Miss May BurnhaiD, Miss Strong, Mrs. J.
U. Merril!, Mrs. Remi Chabot, Miss Mamie Bar
ker, Mrs. Albert Brown, Mrs. Henry Wethcrbee
Mrs. A. .Schilling Mrs. Sherman, I). B.
Hinekley, Walter O.Manuel, U. B. Daniela. Hou
J. L. Davie, Mayor; the Misses Denison, Fred
Prinze, Cnptaln John Wright, Mrs. Edward
Hackett, Mrs. Robert Knight, Henry Fine, Abe
P. Leach, Miss L. E. Ward, equestrienne; Miss
Lanra Fenton, equestrienne ; Upper Fruit Vale
Improvement Club; California Mandolin Club
Upper Fruit Vale; town of Haywards, float;
Mission San Jose, float; Ladies' League of Liv
ermoie, float.
Would >ot liat tho flag.
An Englishman, in Washington, at din
ner, declined to eat an ice frozen in the
shape and colors of the American flag.
This he did because he held it to be bad
form to abeorb the National emblem. The
incident was significant as showing the
distinction and the difference between the
British idea of patriotism and our own.
Englishmen lift their hats when their flag
is carried past, and rise when the national
anthem is played in theaters and music
halls. No true Briton, in trade or out of
it, would use the flag of his country for ad
vertising purposes.— Boston (Saturday
Evening Gazette.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, APRIL 8, 1896.
DEADLY BREATH
IN TELEPHONES
Pronounced More Danger
ous to Health Than Pro
miscuous Kissing.
MUST BE DISINFECTED.
An Oakland Physician Thinks
the Board of Health Should
Investigate.
LITTLE TOWELS NOW IN USE.
An Apparently Trivial Matter That
Will Interest All Users
cf 'Phones.
Oakland Office San Fkancisco Call,[
90S Broadway, April 7. J
There is danger in the telephone. After
one of the little hello boxes have been in
general use for a few months the accumu
lation of promiscuous breaths on the inner
plate of the mouthpiece contain microbes.
Everybody who has used a telephone
much knows how offensive is the odor of
a mouthpiece of a 'phone in general use.
Men in the act of chewing tobacco will
frequently talk and breathe into the
mouthpiece, and it is very common to see
a telephone on which the hot breath has
been condensed, and presents the appear
ance of dew. Often people place their lips
inside the mouthpiece and find the ma
chine is all wet witn somebody's offensive
breath.
This fact has been recognized for a Jong
time in this city, and in many offices and
stores a neat little towel is suspended from
the mouthpiece, with which everybody
that talks is expected to wipe the 'phone.
Dr. O. L. Jones has made a careful ex
amination of the mouthpieces of various
telephones and is very pronounced in his
opinion regarding the danger that larks in
the innocent-looking machines.
"Too much care cannot be shown in the
use of the telephone." said the doctor to
day. "I have seen some of the most offen
sive matter in the mouthpiece of a public
telephone. Breath from diseased lungs is
breathed into them and in fact anything
that comes out of the mouth of men and
women. It does not need a physician to
see the wide field it affords for the dissem
ination of disease. Many times you will
see one person step up to a telephone ]ust
as soon as another has finished speaking.
After a conversation through a telephone
the mouthpiece is almost invariably "damp
and many times the condensed breath runs
out in drops.
" I have frequently unscrewed the
mouthpiece and found a vile secretion in
side that was decidedly nauseating. It is
not only objectionable, but it is dangerous
and represented probably the accumula
tion or thousands of offensive breaths.
It is strange to me that this matter has
not been taken up before, as it is of far
more importance than many matters that
have been investigated. I remember not
long ago an agitation being started about
school-children getting the wrong caps
and its attendant evils. This matter of
telephone mouthpieces is of vastly more
importance.
"It is a matter that should be takon up
by the various Boards of Health. It
would be a comparatively easy matter to
arrange a disinfectant at the mouth of a
telephone that would at once destroy any
injurious particles that might be breathed
into it. It would be a good plan for every
telephone to be supplied with a little
medicated towel, with which the mouth
piece should be wiped before beini: used.
Much has been said and written about the
dangers of promiscuous kissing, but they
are very slight compared to what lurks in
the mouthpiece of a telephone."
LIQUOR IN BERKELEY.
An Amended Ordinance That
Threatens Men With
Cellars.
University Field Day Preparations.
Foresters Mcct — The Columbia
Fire Company.
BERKELEY, Cat,., April 7.-Town At
torney Hayne has just completed the prep
aration of a number of amendments to
tbe famous ordinance regulating the sale
and stora* eof liquor within the one mile
limit of the university grounds. The pro
vision as to the storage of liquor, upon
which the recent successful attacks upon
the liquor men was principally enacted, is
retained in the proposed amendment to
the ordinance, but has a slight modifica
tion so as to correct the extreme severity
of the regulation.
The amendment referred to names a
definite amount of liquor which is to be
the limit that may be kept without a
storage license. This change, it is argued,
does away with the objection that the
ordinance prevents the keuping of liquor
for private use, as the amount allowed
will be fully adequate for such purposes.
It is assumed that parties who are ac
customed to keep more than the amount
named in the amendment are selling
liquor to others. Those who Lave been
fighting the liquor ordinance and those
whose statements had weight with Judge
Frick when he decided that the ordinance
was unconstitutional argued that the law
was tyrannical in the extreme, and that,
from the reading and sentiment of the
ordinance, no ono was allowed to keep
even a small flask of liquor for his own
private purposes.
Joseph Doran of the California Hotel
was arrested yesterday afternoon under a
clause of the ordinance that is still in
force, the charge against him being that
of maintaining an establishment in which
intoxicants were sold in violation of the
law.
Doran was arrested once before under
the unconstitutional storage clause of the
ordinance and the ca^e against him was
thrown out when tbe clause was declared
invalid in the appealed case of Strieker,
but this time be comes under the "sell
ing" clause.
A. Berg of the Acheson Hotel was ar
rested this afternoon for maintaining a
place where liquor is sold.
University Field Way.
BERKELEY, Cal., April 7.— The an
nual championship field day of the Uni
versity of California will take place next
Saturday afternoon on the Berkeley cinder
track. Captain Merwin says that there
will be more entries for this field day than
at any other in Berkeley for several' years
past. This is attributed to the fact* that
another Eastern trip of representative
university athletes has been planned for
tbi3 summer. The work of the men on
Saturday will largely determina who will
be able to make places on the Eastern
team.
Berkeley is strong this year iv the
weight and Jong-distance men, but is
somewhat weak in the sprints and middle
distances. Both Captain Merwin and
Manager Friend express hope that the
sprints may be much strengthened. Those
who are doing the most promising work in
this event at the present time are Chick,
Hupp, Dickie and Stevens. In a try-out
the other evening Hupp covered the 100
in 10 4-5 seconds. Up to the present time
Chick's events were the fifty and seventy
five yard dash. It is believed that all four
of the men mentioned 'vill make the dis
tance on Saturday in less than 10 4-5. but
what Captain Merwin is after is a 10-sec
ond man such as Scroggins.
Town Board Meets.
BERKELEY, Cal., April 7.— The Town
Board held a meeting last night.
The opening of Sixth street over its entire
length in the town limits and one-half
block east and west was decided upon, and
Engineer Huggins was instructed to pre
pare a resolution of intention to do the
work. Town Attorney Hayne reported in
the matter of the water lots offered to the
town by W. B. Heywood, that the latter
had declared himself willing to deed the
lots to the town at any time for wharf
purposes. The lots are at the foot of Dela
ware street. A deed for them will prob
ably be secured from Mr. Heywood and
placed in escrow to await Berkeley's readi
ness to build a wharf. President'llichards
announced that the water companies have
not yet jeached an agreement to divide
the town, buc that negotiations are still
pending.
No I)eci«ion Vet.
BEKKELEY, Cat-, April 7.— The Board
of Town Trustees have not yet decided
what to do with the Columbia* Fire Com
pany for their alleged violation of the
liquor law. The committee appointed to
investigate the matter asked last night at
the board meeting for further time. The
firemen, in anticipation of a possible re
port against them ard action by the board
looking to their disorganization aa a fire
company, have organized themselves into
a Columbia Social Club. The new club's
officers are Robert Steedman, president;
Connie Graham, vice-president; James
Kenn y, secretary; E. G. Axx, treasurer;
Andy Frick, master of ceremonies.
Foresters Kntertaln.
BERKELEY, Cal., April 7. —An excep
tionally fine literary and musical pro
gramme was presented last night at Odd
Fellows Hall to a crowded house by Court
University, Ancient Order of Foresters.
Following were the numbers rendered:
Instrumental quartet, North Berkeley or
chestra; jiiano solo, Miss Berntce Kelly; piano
solo. L)r. A. de Mareonnay ; overture to "Poet
and Peasant" (Suppe); address, Mr. Francis;
mandolin and piano duet, "Angels' Serenade,"
the Misses Hess; Hddress, Mr. Nulty; vocal
solo. "Ben Bolt," Miss Bornlce Kelly; overture
with chimes, Berkeley orchestra; address, Mr.
Faulkner; reading, Mr. Chr.se ; piano solo, Dr.
A. de Marconnay; humorous reading, Mr.
Chase.
Will Katlfy His Plans.
BERKELEY, Cal., April 7.— A meeting
of the associated students of the Univer
sity has been called for next Thursday
afternoon to ratify the plans of Manager
Friend for the "conduct of the Eastern
athletic tour, and to take definite measures
with regard to supportiner the bia benefit
field day which will be given on May 2 at
Central Park.
Baseball at Berkeley.
BERKELEY. Cal., April 7.— The Stan
ford Var-ity baseball nine will piay the
Reliance Club team next Saturday after
noon on the University of California dia
mond.
BOY BURGLARS ARE FREE
Now They Want to Meet the
Man Who Promised an
Excursion.
Anxious to Know if Ke Will Hold
Out on Them Because They
Were No 1 . Spank-d.
Oakland OrFirE Saw Francisco Call,)
!K>3 Broadway, April 7. f
The trio of little burglars who have bpen
in the City Prison for over two weeks was
released by Judge Wood to-day. The ac
tions of the boys were thoroughly boyish
and did not indicate any developed crim
inal traits and the Judge thought their
present experience in a prison cell was
sufficient punishment. The little fellows
gave as their reason for committing the
burglary that they wanted for once to
have all the candy they could eat, and
they also had a desire to go and see a big
city. Two of the boys had never crossed
the bay. Consequently when they saw the
means to fulfill both their desires in a
grocer's shop they threw a stone through
the window, crawled in and helped them
selves.
While in prison a very generous offer
was made by John T. Bell, who is well
known in this city. The offer will have to
be kept, as the boys have announced their
intention of taking advantage of it. Mr.
Beil published a statement in which he
said :
"I have a feeling of sympathy for those
young rascals and believe that if Chief
Lloyd, with the consent of Judge Wood,
would spank them and send them home
tne safety of society will not be jeopar
dized. Later on when they have added a
decade or two to their ages it may be neces
sary, perhaps, to round them up again and
send them to the penitentiary, but the
spanking would just about meet the needs
for this occasion. When I was a young
ster 1 had the same craving for candy
which these little fellows have (and which
was seldom gratified), and also a desire to
see a big city, and when, at the ace of 10, I
was taken to Quincy, HI., with its teeming,
swarming population of 20,000 and was
Riven a whole half-dollar with which to
buy candy there was not a happier boy in
fourteen counties than I was. Arid then,
too, L was something of a thief myself at
the same tender age.
"I hope that Judge Wood will release
these embryo malefactors this time, and
if they will hunt me up I will gladly pro
vide funds sufficient to pay their way over
to San Francisco and out to Golden Gate
Park and return, with a margin larce
enough to buy all the candy they can eat
during the day."
The boys said to-day that Mr. Bell
would certainly be hunted up, and that he
would be lucky if he kept his promise and
was not out more than $5.
"A trip to Golden Gate Park — Where's
that?" asked "Chicken" Paeheco.
"Guess he never seen me eat candy,"
said Frank Dellaroco. But Robert Ash
could not speak for a iDoment. Presently
he said:
"Didn't the man say that he'd treat if
we were let off with a spanking?"
"That's what," said two disappointed
voices. Now all three are considering if
Mr. Bell will try to save his "treat" be
cause there was no trouncing done.
ABUSED HIS WIFE.
Mary Alaineda Divorced at Twenty-
Two, After Six Years' Wedded
. .. ... Life. ■ ; ■ ■
ALAMEDA, Cal., April 7.— Mary Ala
meua was granted a divorce to-day by
Judge Frict, the custody of her little girl
and the community property, valued at
$1500. in lieu of alimony. The husband
was given the two boys. He made no
contest to the proceedings.
According to the evidence she married
Manuel P. Alame<ia about six years ago,
when she was only sixteen. He was her
senior by several years and had a place
near Mission San Jose. He promised to
make her happy, but soon after the wed
ding he became abusive, attempting to
make her a druds:c and slave. On many
occasions he struck and beat her.
England's national anthem was first
sung in public in 1740.
LIBRARY MEN TO MEET.
Convention of the Central Cali
fornia Association at
Alameda.
THE INFLUENCE OF THE BOOKS.
Debate on the Relative Value of Pul
pit, Press and Library in Ele
vating Humanity.
ALAMEDA, Cal., April 7.— The Library
Association of Central California will hold
its convention in this city on Friday even
ing. The Council chambers of the new
City Hall, on Santa Clara avenue, have
been selected as the place of meeting.
The subject for discussion is "Pulpit,
Press and Public Library as Means of In
fluencing Public Opinion and Elevatine
Humanity." The speakers are Rev.
George R. Dodson of the First Unitarian
Society; T. G. Daniells, editor of the Aja
meda Argus; D. J. Sullivan, Superinten
dent of Schools in Alameda, and Principal
Ergo Majors of the Alameda High School.
The Library Association of Central Cali
fornia was organized on February 22, 1895.
The officers are: J. C. Rowell, librarian
University of California, president; George
T. Clark, librarian, San Francisco, vice
president; A. M. Jellison, secretary Me
chanics' Library, San Francisco, secretary ;
A. J. Uleary, Odd Fellows' Library, San
Francisco, treasurer. The members are:
R. O. Craven, Miss Genevieve Green and
Miss Caroline G. Hancock of Sacramento;
E. M. Clouasley of Stockton; Miss Bertha
Kumle of Santa Rosa; Henry F.
Peterson, Miss Jennie M. Fenton and
Miss Lily C. Cole of Oakland; W.
D. Armes and J. D. Layman of the
University of California ; E. H. Woodruff
and F. J. Tejrgert of Stanford University;
John G. BricK, I. P. Allen, John Lutgen
and J. W. Harbourne of Alameda, ana H.
R. Coleman, L. B. Wetherbee, Miss Emily
J. Wade, Miss Laura E. Morton, J. H.
Wood, D. M. Murphy, Frank Morton, A.
E. Kellogg, C. 0. Young, Miss Celia A.
Haywerd, James F. Snelling, Ed Larde, L.
P. McCarty, Miss Nettie Wade, Miss Anna
L. Sawyer, Ed E. Sawyer, Will E. Fisher,
P. Rea, E. J. Casey, E. J. Dupuy, Miss
Lita McKenty, William Doxy, P. J.
Healey, A. B. Davis, Mrs. E. C. Ainsworth,
Joy Lichenstein, C. K. Rosenberg, W. P.
Kimbali, Frank Vaslit, Miss J. S. Klink
and William C. Mysell of San Francisco.
John W. Harbourne, one of the most
prominent members of the association, is
the Alameda librarian. Hia assistants
are Miss Mary C. Harbaugh and William
K. Bacon.
ANOTHER INJUNCTION.
Work on the Extension of the Electric
Light Plunt Stopped.
ALAMEDA, Cal., April 7.— Work on the
extension of the Alameda municipal elec
tric plant was stopped to-day at noon.
Last night the Board of City Trustees
managed to allow two bills of $450 and
$2.*>00 respectively on account of the con
tracts entered into for the extension be
fore a Deputy Sheriff could serve notices
of the second injunction against them.
The first injunction had been dissolved
during the day because of an informality,
but the second injunction was issued im
mediately thereafter. It was not of force,
however, until notice had been served
upon those whom it was directed against,
and there was therefore a hiatus. The
officer with the writ was in the City
Halt for some time before the board
opened its session, but was not alert
enough to perform his duty until after de
mands as above stated had been formally
passed.
The contractors did uot get their money,
however, as Treasurer Wheeler was noti
fied by the attorney who sued out the in
junction not to honor the warrants, and
abided the notification. He will pay no
money on account of this improvement
until its legal status is settled in the courts.
The Board of Municipal Trustees passed
a resolution, af ier they had been enjoined,
notifying the contractors to knock off
work. The contractors, however, were not
served with it in the morning, and went
on as usual. At noon, however, tney re
ceived notification, and all work ceased.
About $15,000 worth of work has been
contracted for, and an engine has been
ordered from the East. Electrical machin
ery has also been ordered and one side of
the old building has been torn out to re
ceive an addition, leaving the machinery
exposed. The plant is in a very bad shape,
and unless the question at issue is speedily
decided, damage is likely to result. The
matter is creating factions and is regarded
by all conservative citizens as most un
fortunate in every respect.
THE WOMEN TOTED.
An Innovation in the Election of Vestry
men at Chri«t Church.
ALAMEDA. Cal., April 7.— Women
were allowed to vote at Christ Episcopal
Church last evening. The occasion was
the annual election of vestrymen and it
was the first election at which such a
privilege has been granted to the women
of the congregation. Many well-known
ladies took advantage of the new oppor
tunity and the vote cast was exceptionally
large. The vestrymen elected are: Thomas
A. Smith, senior warden; William liigby,
junior warden; L. T. Burd, E. B. Phelps,
F. B. Graves, Edwin Booth, Frederick
Michaels, F. E. Mason and C. B. Russell.
Other elections at the church resulted as
I follows:
St. Agnes Guild— President, Mrs. J. C. Mc-
Kane; vice-president, Mrs. A. Victors; secro
tary, Mrs. A. M. Hickox, and treasurer, Miss
Alice Gibbons.
Young Ladies' Auxiliary to the League-
President, Mlfs Marie Victors; vice-president,
Miss Emily Mason; secretary, Miss Charlotte
Deas: treusurer, Miss Maud Russell; directress,
Mrs. M. R. Wiggtn.
Senior Warden Thomas A. Smith has
been a vestryman for upward of twenty
years. He stated that for that reason he
did not desire to be renomiuated, but he
was renominated and was unanimously
elected.
St. Agnes Guild received and distributed
over $1000 in charity work during the year.
The receipts and disbursements of the
church for the year ending on Monday
were about $6000. The Easter offering was
$1200.
The Boys' Brigade Hospital Corps of the
church has organized an infantr}' company
of the younger members, with Edmund
Cordes as captain.
A Reported Burglary.
ALAMEDA, Cal., April 7.— Roy Powell,
a cigar dealer, claims to have lost $45 last
night through a burglary. He lives at
2200 Central avenue. Powell sleeps on the
ground floor. The burglar is believed to
have effected an entrance through ihe
kitchen door. The money was under
Powell's pillow, and the fact that it was
taken without his knowing it indicates
that he is a very sound sleeper. The burg
lary was reported to the police, but no clew
has been obtained of the burglar.
Bids Considered.
ALAMEDA. Cal.. April 7.— Five pro
posals were received at the last meeting of
the Municipal Board to finish off rooms
and build additions to the two engine
houses of the fire department on Webster
and Sherman streets. They were as fol
lows: O. Larsen, $1255; D. Straub <fc Son,
/luction Sales
FRANK W. BUTTERFIELD
WII.I, SEtL THIS DAY, AT 11 A. SI.
FIRST-CLASS SALOON,
ill PACIFIC STREET, NEAR MONTGOMERY
5762; D. S. Brehaut. $749; James A. Col
lins, |690, and J. H. Scholten, $688. They
were all referred to the building com
mittee.
ASKED TO ASSIST.
George P. Morrow Says He Is Not
Anxious to Dictate to His
Fellow Republicaus.
OAKLAND, Cal., April 7.— The Seventh
Ward Republican Club bay been asked to
name its choice of delegate to the Sacra
mento convention. Committeeman George
P. Morrow has sent the following letter to
President Dow:
Mr. W. A. Dow, President Seventh Ward Repub
lican Clvb — Dear Sir: Pursuant to our conver
sation of even date, I beg to say again thnl as I
am unfamiliar with the names of your leading
Republicans \vhodesire;to attend the State Con
vention called for the purpose of naming dele
gates to the National Convention, and further,
having no desire whatever to dictate to my
fellow Republicans, I would request that your
club, which, I am informed, is large and thor
oughly representative, meet and select names to
serve as delegates, with this assurance, over
my signature, that they will be appointed.
I cannot at this writing inform you how
many delegates your ward is entitled to under
the State Central Committee's apportionment,
but as soon as ascertained I will communicate
with you. As the names do not have to be
handed in before April 25 ample time Is allowed
for careful selection.
Trusting this will meet with the approval
of the club, I beg to subscribe myself, very sin
cerely yours, George P. Morrow.
The Seventh Ward Club will meet to
morrow night to consider Mr. Morrow's
proposition.
THE CONTEST ENDED.
William F. Rnsiunte I« Selected as
San Leant! id's Post
master.
SAN LEANDRO, Cal., April 7.— W. F.
Rasiante received word to-day from Wash
ington, D. C, that he had been nominated
by the President as postmaster at thin
place. This ends a most bitter contest
between local factions, but leaves a breach
that it will take long to repair.
This is a Presidential office that pays
$1200 a year. Mr. Gray, the incumbent,
has not kept it up to the condition it was
when he took it. His term expired De
cember 16, 1895. The successful candidate
is a saloon-keeper and was indorsed by
John P. Irish, John Glascock and Governor
Budd.
The other candidates were Fred Meyers,
a merchant of the town, and Dan Mc-
Carty, editor of the San Leandro .Re
porter. The latter was indorsed by
Senator White and Warren B. English,
but his opponents tiled charges at Wash
ington againßt him to tbe effect that he
had voted for Blair.e in 1884. This was
strongly denied, and numerous affidavits
were presented in support of the denial,
but prejudiced the authorities against
him.
JERE LYNCH IS HAPPY.
He Telegraphs That the Hale &
Norcross Mine Will Open
To-Day.
" All Is Brilliant" en the Ccmstcck,
and Jnmes Cronan Will Be the
Superintendent.
If all goes well in Virginia City the Hale
& Norcross mine will be in full operation
within a few days and work resumed to
day. Such was the information received
at the office of the company in this City
yesterday in the following telegram :
Mine will reopen to-morrow. Everything
brilliant. Lynch.
"I would conclude from that dispatch,"
remarked the secretary, "that Mr. Lynch
has got things running his way. We ex
pected this would take place just when the
rieht time came.
"James Cronan, an old-time mining
man, has gone up there also to take charge
of the woik. We don't know, however, if
he will be the superintendent, though
that is pretty well understood at the pres
ent time."
Tangerman, who had to leave Virginia
City at the request of the miners, has evi
dently taken a back seat, and Jere bynch,
the mining reformer, was forced to respect
the wishes of the people on the ComstocK.
With James Cronan in control no com
plaint is expected from the Miners' Union,
and the Hale & Norcross mine will con
tinue operating without opposition.
Il was stated at the City office yesterday
that about 500 tons of valuable ore was on
the surface. Arrangements had been made
with Colonel Bob Logan, superintendent
of the Brunswick mill, to crush this rock.
"We ought to get $10,000 out of this
body of ore," the secretary explained,
"and that should pay all expenses for the
current month and leave a nice bonus.
The stock was run down to $1 15 and then
it went up to $1 40; it is $130 to-day and
may do better now."
BURIED DULL CARE.
£1 Dorado Parlor Celebrates the Ob-
■equies With More Than Usual
Hilarity.
"Universal Trouble" was buried deep
last night, and his interment celebrated
by a banquet at Native Sons' Hall. The
members of El Dorado Parlor No. 52 and
their guests were the merry mourners, and
the "luneral baked meats" were of the
best, while, as for the drinks, it would be
hard to say whether quality or quantity
was most to be admired.
The invitations were printed in silver on
a black, coffin-shaped card, and included
an announcement to the effect that the
moon would be half full, and mourners
were expected not to outdo the orb of
night.
During the evening a fine musical and
literary programme was rendered. Pro
fessors Burke and Emil Graeber on the
piano and Charles Graeber on the banjo
were much applauded. Jules Kahn gave
some humorous recitations, while T. Eck
ert and Ferris Hartmann's songs were
worthy of the singers. A mandolin and
guitar trio, by M. Perrin and the Dietz
brothers, was auother fine number. A.
Poole, Segommerof theOrpheura, P. Daly,
J. Sparks and other singers and special
ists also did their part to render the even
ing enjoyable.
The success of the affair was due in
great part to the painstaking endeavors of
tne committee on arrangements, Dr. W. J.
Haw Kins (chairman), L. Mayer, F. Bragg,
T. Brady, J. iMuehe and H. Schumacher.
Xl Dorado Parlor's entertainments have
the fame of bein^ "all around good times,"
but last night's social was said by many of
those present to have outshone its pre
decessors.
HOTEL AEEIVALS.
~ NEW; WESTERN : HOTEL. :
W A Bcott, Slnbad Co Chas Pick, Monterey
Cottcl, Ban Jose V\Wm Brockman, Tracy
Miss Ji Saulter, Oakland J M McKenzle. Tulara
Jas J Johnson, San Jose P S Murphy, Modesto
X M Baldrlck, Toledo ;,:■ J LLacv,Galway, Ireland
Mrs J C . Gray & son, Mrs P Bennett, Chicago
Blooruingtbn, Til ' r H James &f, Toronto
C W Rice, The Dalles Mrs Burley & child, Ogdn
Ed Casey, Portland • ~s@&gg& '"■'"'-
PAVILION AUCTION HOUSE.
319-321 Slitter Street, above Grant aye.
AUCTION SALE EXTRAORDINARY AT
780 BUSK STREET,
THIS DAY
Wednesday April 8. 1898.
At 11 o'clock a. m., I will sell
THE MAGNIFICENT FURNITURE,
OA.R.3PETS,
OIL PAINTINGS. - BRIC-A-BRAC and WORKS
OF ART contained in residence of 8 royally fur-
nished rooms, consisting of: one Grand Upright
Piano (New England Piano Co. makers) in ma-
hogany case: Odd Pieces Parlor Upholstery, grand
I des'gns; Rare Collection of Genuine Turkish
Ruks: Oil Paintings by prominent artists; Grand
Brlc-n-Brac ana Bisque Statuary ; Elegant Collec-
tion of Chinaware an Bohemian Glassware; Solid
Brass Bed, canopy top, and polished oak bureau to
match; Desks, Chiffoniers; Qutmer-siwed Gak
Chamber . Set; : Finest Cnried-hMr. Mattresses;
Eiderdown Comforts and Pillows: -New Sheets
and Mission Woolen Blankets; Magnificent Mas-
sive Quartered Oak Sideboard ; Extension Tablo
and Chairs to match: singer Sewing Machine,
good as new; Very Costly Tableware of all kinds;
Royal Prize Waterback Range; Gas Stove: Fine
Cooking Utensils and Agateware of all kinds.
8. BASCH, Auctioneer.
Intending purchasers of good furniture
will do well to attend this sale, as these goods are
the very finest and I am instructed to sell.
COSMOPOLITAN HOTEL.
J Redmond, Decatur J Mulqueeney, Livermore
J W Spellenberg.Arcata I) C Blandish, Eureka
X Aim, Cleveland Sergt Martin. Islnd
W E Gates, Cleveland D Connolly, Cleveland
w Rodgers *w, Sacto (i Case, Votta
J S Copland, Honcut J S Labelee, Alameda
Jj Miller, Sn Luis Oblspo P Kelly & w, 8 L Obispo
C T Church, Moro Bay C. Fletcher & <v, Boston
W H Hamilton &w, 111 J W Dunning* w, Del
J Greenwood&w.KasCy JC Moffett, Ottawa
F McLaughlln. Ottawa J Gallagher, San Ardo
Miss C liter, London J L Faskett, Portland
H Warren, Los Gatos
BALDWIN HOTEL.
Mrs Eaton, Sacramento J Barrett, Stockton
B Fairfleld, Alameda W E Miner, Santa Cruz
W II Noble, Dallas, Tex J J Sullivan & w, Traver
Miss i. Foray th, Traver B Cirlle, Chicago
ML WiUard * w.Hartfrd H E Delllo, Girard, Pa
A Dell:o, Girard, Pa J P Diggs, Woodland
.1 F Dennlngerdt w.VallJo O W Taylor <fe w, Portlnd
J C Ezzell, Kern C \V Jefferds, Sac
C Herrman, Los Angeles J Mahoney, V C Co
Miss Maber, Vallejo H Bullard, St Paul
C Miller, Phoenix H P Wells, Phoenix
J 8 Maude, Bureau of ,T J Cotton, N V
Highways . . H Norton, El Paso
LICK HOUSE.
Mrs R S Grant, Chicago W it Wilbur &, w, Cal
H 8 Demlng, Los Gatos M.l Gardner Aw, Cal
J F Sweeney, Chicago 8 McKenzie <fe w, L Ana
J D Howard, Sacto J X Mason, Sacramento
M S Sullivan. California I Kurth. North San Joan
A C Griffin. California G W Lane. Wrights
A J Hell man, California E D Goodrich, N V
H J Finger, S Barbara E C Apperson, » Clara
811 Upham, Martinez J D Lynch, Los Angeles
F A Fee, Madera . E T Mutton, NY
N M Markwell, N V Mrs J D Young, Stockton
R H Brown, Pescadero Chas Wood, Davlsvllle
W J Stockton, Los Banos William Sexton, San Jose
Geo Grant Jr. Saginaw Geo Grant Sr, Saginaw
URSpaldlng. Truckee L 8 Cackins, Nevada City
W A Gett, Sacramento W J Stllwell, California
H 8 Blood, Los Angeles John Warswick, Armond
G S Hinsdale, S Barbara I L Delano, Rocklln
Hy Fuhrman & w, Wash Miss Z Howard, Oakland
Ed N Buck, S Bernardino Harry Smith, Oakland
Geo Pearce, Santa Rosa Ed I" Purser, Healdsburg
Dr .1 D Young, Stockton S T Black. Sacramento
Dr A M Gardner, Napa W C Walker, San Jose
Dr E Crutcher, Montana
. GRAND HOTEL.
A R Orr, Vlsalla B Martin, Cal
J Berry man, Berkeley J T Green &w, L Angles
J W Ramaze, s Rosa C H Barden, Sonoma
I Horton, Livermore Mrs Lake, Napa
Miss Lake,. Vallejo Fran Lake, Valleio
Miss Jennie Lake, Valjo II G Owens, C&l
Miss owens, Cal J T Hook. Fresno
A X Mason, Redwood T V Morgan, Montreal
Dr F W Madison, Peorla J M Wood, Pasadena
Sarah E Brown, NY D Clock, Kockford Pa
Miss Jackson, Cal Miss Ida Jackson, Cal
Miss Ada Jackson, Cal Dr T Flint. San Juan
Mrs T flint, San Juan L Daniels, Cedar Rapids
Mrs Daniels, G Rapids P McDonald, Cal
E Harris, Oroville H A Bates, Los Angeles
Miss E Richards, NY .Mr <fe Mrs Richards. N V
F Smith & w, Cal Mrs Parker, Ban Jose
G Lissenden. Stockton C H Gay, Stockton
J B Black, Los Angeles C C Grove, Los Angeles
J C Travis. San Jose E B McNear & w, Cal
W F Stagier, Clements X H Plater &-v, San Jose
J D Tate, Sacramento J Home &w, Cal
G Don, Stockton H N Gustin. Chlco
P Kavanagh. Vallejo W Read, Cal
Miss F R Foley, Cal J H Stives, St. Helena,
i" C Swearin?er, Cal Mrs White. Cal
W H Cross, «_al W P Booth & w, S Mateo
J J C Leonard. Cal II Cobb, Gilroy
H E Adams, Stockton A Lowe, Wooland
PALACE HOTEL.
Mrs Johnson, Riverside Miss Johnson, Riverside
C Latta, Chicago a Hanell, Vlsalla
A Weel, NY HE Hirllng, Berlin
W Mlelzschke, Berlin E W Wolff, Berlin
E S Tucker, Sausalito Mrs Tucker, Sausallto
FF Crosby, Ogden Mrs Crosby, Ogden
E V Strong, Fsabylon Mrs Strong. Babylon
J Reeve, Green port " A Baruch, N V
Gen Fersenden. Portland W il Brldgemann, N V
J H Hubbard, N V Mrs Gait, Chicago
Miss Gait, Chicago S L Dows, lowa
L Daniels, lowa Mrs Daniels, lowa
M Hullo, Chicago Mrs Hulle, Chicago
H F Hahn, Chicago Mrs Hahn, Chicago
C Harris, Jamestown Mrs Harris, Jamestown
Mrs Tucker, I.ockport Miss Robinson, N V
Miss Fargo, NY F P Virgin. Boston
W McCreery.BurlinKame W H Davis. Los Angeles
Mrs Davis, Los Angeles J A Yard, Mexico
A Clemens, Texas Mrs Clemens, Texas
J R Chace, Santa Cruz A Hammond. Monterey
Mrs Hammond, Monterey E M Young.Sliver City
J B Bancroft, Hopedaie Miss Bancroft, Hopedala
L J Bancroft, Hopedaie F Knowles, Worcester
Mrs Knowles.Worcester W R Rust, Tacoma
M Siegel. LO3 Angeles Mrs Siegel, Los Angeles
G A Bigelow, Worcester ' Mr & Mrs Foote, Oakland
Miss Gordon, NY E Moller, N V
E Wilding, London J Giltnore, London
T W Stryker & w.Chicago
RUSS HOUSE. '
Dr .T 8 McQueen, Bishop C C J Vanlcek, Nebraska
W Velmers, Trln Center Mrs Cramer, Red Bluff
Philip Duffy, Reno J C Holloway.Cloverdale
J A Hays, Harbin Spngs E H Robinson, Sta Crtz
J C Vallegas.Los Angeles Don Mills, Santa Rosa
W \V Greer. Sacramento Wm Holmes, Chicago
W Richardson, Truckee G P Soucke.Contra Costa
E C Peclr. Racine L 8 Judd, Chicago
J A Van Ordel, Plttsburg Cyrus Jones, San Jose
Mrs D Perratt, Mexico J C Charters, Downlevill
W Buell, Sacramento J H Hill, Port Townsend
A H inemann, Uklah P J Jerom, Cal
Miss L Devenport. Wash G H Gordon, Phlladelpha
E Devenport, Wash, DC F H Pay w«s, Oakland
MB WauEer & w, Ind W B Webber. Oakland
L F Hastings, Visalla E M Hunsacker, Visalia
J A Gallagher, Bacto A J Drynan, Redding
P D Desmond, Virginia j;D Grant, Healdsbnrg
J Turbot, Philadelphia P H McDermottiw, N fIT
S Sileerloh. Healdsburg H Helser, Chicago
G C Gaylord, Nev City C C Hpenc, Beggs
R X Leonard, Nevada L Koster, Pescadero
O M Moody, Martinez L A Lees, Sonora
GII Davis, Pleasanton J F Castelle, Sacto
J X McClelland, Almda W H Larew. Madera .
C E Ho'.lenbeck&w.Chgo Miss Lottie Wetmur, C*l
J II Mumsen, Cal Frank Paul, Sebastonol
F B Ruff, San Diego D Z Holloway, S&cto
A R Jeffrey & w, S Jose Watson Allen, Seattle
■1 H Bokle. Napa E F Mattlsop, Rocklin
ij|[K! iiLwn|
liSpi
I loMtr
A smart Broadway, New
/ V York, druggist has
this sign hanging outside
his store; it marks the
new era of drug selling.
Is it any wonder that he
has to enlarge his quar-
ters, that his clerks are
busy, and that his store is
one of the most popular
along the leading thor-
oughfare?;
You can afford to trade
with a druggist that has
such a motto as that
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
625 KEABNY ST. Established
( In 1854 for the treatment of Private
' Diseases. Lost Manhood, t Debility or
| disease wearlngcnbodyandmlndand
I Skin Diseases. The doctor cures when
I others fail. Try him. Charges low.
|Cnre*KuaranUrd. Callorwrlta,
IMr. 4, JT. UJUsBQsT, Box 1907. Sao Franciaoo.
1314
HOW TO GROW GRASSES.
James B. Oicott of Connecticut
Talks on the Sub
ject.
He Is Laying Plans for Several Turf
Gardens to Be Planted in
California.
James B. Olcott of the Connecticut Ag
ricultural Experiment Station is at present
on a visit to California, looking into tne
possibilities of "prass" culture in this
State. He has made his headquarters at
the Russ House, and when seen by a Call
representative had a great deal to Bay on
the subject, but stated that he was not
quite ready to give any definite advice.
!» "All I have to show for 'grass,' " said Mr.
Olcott, "is a little turf garden on my own
land in Connecticut, under the patronage
of the Connecticut Agricultural Experi
ment Station. At present this by no
means qualities me for advising my own
people (who can see it and judge for them
selves), let alone the people of California.
In Connecticut grass investigations we are
going very slow, so as not to make any
mistakes.
"There is a matter, however, of which I
must speak. While the ground is warm
ing in Connecticut I have tarried here,
trying to form a Bcnema for five little turf
gardens on your own soils. Properly
wrought on the ground I bel ; ?ve these
nurseries of precious turf-makmg plants
would make fine turf as common nrnong
your people as tine nuts, fruits and vegeta
bles are now. This -cbeme is based on the
idea that the best British turf grasses and
culture have never been brought to Amer
ica in their oldest forms except by acci
dent.
"These gardens should be started from
the. proven hest thin «> in Connecticut turf
gardens and directed by myself in strict
co-operation with the Connecticut experi
mental station for a term of at least three
years, and he known as California turf
gras* Investigations. Each garden shail be
independent and seif-suprortingat a cost of
|100 ' in >tiitable payments for the three
years, which sum shall cover all expenses
in each case, excepting that of local labor.
Ail these gardens shall be under the pat
ronage and oversight of one or both of
your universities. We want records of
progress, and one of them shall be planted
at Berkeley. The three years should begin
next July 1 and the gardens be planted
early next fall."
Qualification for Conerfsf,
A Frenchman who recently visited \\ ash
in jrton gives the following concerning the
Qualification for membership of Congress,
which is, of course, swallowed whole by
the Parisians :
"What of the Deputies and the Sena
tors? A? with us they do a great deal
more talking than legislative work. They
are more free and easy, and they are not
BO r* served. However, this is quite natu
ral in a country where, in order to be
elected a Deputy, one has only to be the
father of eighteen children, all of them
born in the same district. If the same
conditions were imposed on us, we mieht
succeed in making a successful fight
against the increasing depopulation of
France. What would not one do to be
come a Deputy?"
SAN FRANCISCO "CALL,"
BUSINESS "FFICEof the San Francisco Cali^
-710 Market street, open until 12 o'clock eTery
n'ent in the year.
BRANCH OKFICES-530 Montgomery street,
cornor Clay : orx-n until 9:30 o'clock.
BS9 Hay#s street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
718 Larkin street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
SW. corner Sixteenth and Mission street*, opea
«ntll 9 o'clock.
2518 Mission street, open until 9 o'clock.
118 Ninth street, opr-n until 9:30 o'clock.
NOTICE OF MEETINGS.
Jf-S=> MISSION LODGE NO. 169, F. iT~~
I>- er a. M. — Called meeting THIS A
(WEDNESDAY) EVENING, a: 7:30^3f
o'clock. First degree. By order of the W. M. r^\
C. D. BUNKER. Secretary.
Otry^ CROCKETT LODGE NO. 139. F. m
CS-*' A A. M. — Called meetinK THIS A
WEDNESDAY at 7:30 P. M. D.I. By^TJ?
order of the W. M. r^f\
11. FORTRIEDE, Secretary. j
9^s* YERBA BU£NA LODGE v vsVSMi^> I
I>-^ No. 15, I. O. O. 1- .- Regular iSgaPSKS '
meeting on THURSDAY EVENING, -IL^^Jt^
April 9. final action will betaken "? ? '" lv^
vi on the proposition of joi'iing I. O. (). F. Library. j
As this is a question of great importance to the
lodge all members are earnestly requested to be
present. K. G. HARRISON, N. G.
■ M. s. Jkffers Jr.. Rec. Sec.
jfTS 3 FIDELITY LODGE NO. 222, < <*mw/ss,
&Z£7 I. v. o. F.-Notlce-Nembers
are requested m attend the funeral of ; 35^55?^ '
our late brother. DAVID S. THE- ~ r^r/l\vS > ~ '
VOV, P. G.. THURSDAY. April 9, 2 P. M., from
his late residence. 1019 Chester si.. Oakland. Cal.
W. s. MATTHEWS, N. G.
1. H. Vasoyboourt, Secretary.
OjL^p FL'NKKAL KSCiiRI' OF UNITY ,«¥»,
••^^ Lodge No. 27, A. O. V. \\\. are^^S^
hereby notified to a'tend the funeral offl%J&s
Brother SAMUEL MEYER from the par-Vs3^?
Lan of H. C. Porter A Co., 122 Kddy St., at 2 p m.
WEDNESDAY, April 8. The fine for non-attend-
ance will be enforced. H. GRIMSHAW, M. W.
A. Nkustadt, Recorder pro tern.
Bqg=> mass MEETING-PEOPLE'S HOME
**- c ' Savings Bank depositors at 102 O'Farrell
St., FRIDAY, 10th inst. at 8 P. M.
T. S. WILLIAMS Jr.. Secretary.
SPECIAL. NOTICES.
E£SS= BAD TENANTS ~k7ecTeS~FOR~S47
*^*^ collections made, city or country. Pacific
Collection Co., 415 Montgy st..'room 6. Tel. 5580.
Kg" WINDOWS cLlcXneu AND FLOORS
*-^ scrubbed; reasonable rates: payment for
cemageq cnaranteed. C. ROSSI 4- CO.. 242 Sutter.
SITUATIONS WANTED- FEMALE.
■vr um ilkiTof girls of all nationali-
+> ties. awaiting situations. MRS. HIRD, 721
Ellis hi.
IpOR A GOOD RANCH OR HOTEL COOK,
X chambermaids, waitresses for hotels or private
send to Milk LEOPOLD, BO Stockton st.
SUPERIOR < <><>X DESIREM SITUATION;
O hotel, restaurant or boarding-house; best refer-
ences. MISS CULLKN. 323 Sutter st.
"I A DIES CAN SECURE FIRST-CLASH HELP
JJ by calline. addressing or telephoning MISS
KKY. 1033 Post st. Telephone Sutter 52.
pOMPETENT DRESSMAKER. CUTS AND
V fits, would like a few more engagements by
the day or week; no objection to the country or
insist in 1 hamberworW or children: reference.
1906 a Mission st.
pOMPKTEiNT GERMAN GIRL WISHES SIT-
\J uation to do second work ; understands plain
sewing or do general housework. Address 3119
Mission fit.
V FIRST-CLASS NURSE AMERICAN WO-
man In conlinement or any case of sickness-
good cook and housekeeper; pood home more an
object than high wages. Apply 988 Howard, rm. 6.
yovsG SWEDISH girl wants situa-
-» tion to do general housework: wages $20. Ad-
dress 13 Oak st.
AV'ASTE D- B V AN KLDERLY WOMAN.
If work in small private family; is steady and
reliable; good housekeeper. Address or call 242
Fifth st.
j>Y 2 KEM'ECTABLK YOUNG GIRLS, TO DO
-!•> light housework, care, for crown children and
sewing. Call 2 days. 114 Natoma st., near New
Montgomery.
VFoUNG" LADY WISHES POSITION AS
X bookkeeper, typewrt er and stenographer;
salary no Object until trial is given. Please 111-
-quire at 51 ;i> a Jones St., near Geary.
ANTED— BY A YOUNG LADY, POSITION
'« to do general office work. Address B. D 40
Krie st.
/ 'IRL WANTS POSITION TO DO CHAMBER-
' » work and waiting or help with housework.
Call at 111 Austin at., bet. Bush aud Pine, nr.Polk.
COM PKTENTGIRL WISHES SITUATION TO
\J do upstairs work and wait at table and help
v wing. Please call at 118 Ninth St. .
\\r I DOW. S3 YEA RS OF AGE, WITH LITTLE
* • Kirl of 12, wishes position as housekeeper; ref-
erences^ Address 11. X., box 48, Call.
BY YOUNG GIRL TO DO LIGHT HOUSE-
J-> work. Call 500 Se l h st. . cor. Bryant.
\1' OMAN WANTS WASHING OR HOUSE- 1
' » work by the day. Please call 22 Hermann st.,
upstairs. •.-•..-■: . ;„•<' . - - .
pOMPETENT WOMAN WANTS SITUATION
\J to do general housework In small family. Call
30*y 2 Clementina st.
/">j:HMAN lilHI. wishes situation FOR
yj cooking and downstairs work. 1169 i._. Folsom.
V^OUNG SWEDISH GIRL' WANTS SITUA-
x lion to do general housework; city or count rv
city references. Call or address 766 Vi Folsom st.
IjRE^MAKKIt AND SEAMSTRESS; GOOD
XJ fitter; sews 50c a day. G. F., box 92, Call office. j
SITUATIONS \VANTEI>-Contlnued.
youxo wisiiks any light occu^
1 pation from 9 till 6 p. m. dally; can cut and fit
dresses; children's clothes made, etc Apply 706
Ellis st. ~ - - .-..-.■ '■: . '■
QiTUATION WANTED BY SWEDISH GIRL
0 to do second work. Address 227 Twenty-fourth
street.
IRL 17 YEARS WOULD LIKE TO MIND
children In a Christian family: sleep at home.
Call 431 1/2 Clementina st. ■
/Competent INFANT'S nurse desires
V^' a situation; has first-class references; city or
country. Call or address 920 Post St.
RELIABLE YOUNG WOMAN WISHES SIT-
IX uation to assist In second work and grown chil-
dren; no objection to short distance in the coun-
try. Call at 121 Fulton st.
YOUNG SWEDISH WOMAN WANTS WORK
X by the day; washing, ironing and houseclean-
ing. Call or address 319-321 Ellis St., Rosedale
House. ' ■';■■ :■-■ v -:'
IRL DESIRES SITUATION TO ASSIST IN
housework or take care of children. Apply at
433 Grove st. *
WEDISH GIRL WISHES SITUATION AS
O cook in private family. Call at 719V2 How-
ard st.
OKA X WANTS CHAMBER WORK IN
'» rooming or boarding-house: no objection to
washing. Apply 951 Folsom st.
SITUATION WANTED BY A RESPECT-
O able Swedish girl to do second work and wait-
Ing; references. Address 813 Bush st.
rpwo RESPECTABLE YOUNG OIKLSWANT
X situations at housework; wages $16 to slB. Ad-
-1 dress E. 0., box 71, Call Office.
V SCANDINAVIAN GIRL TO WORK IN
private family to do housework; sleep home;
1 Call 870 Folsom St.
Experienced" nurse wishes to TAKE
Xli entire charge of infant or children; city refer-
ence; wages $25. Please call 8 Sherwood place,
off Third st.
T^RENCH LADY WISHES A SITUATION TO
I X do sewine, etc.: good dressmaker; waiting, etc
Address LEONIE KHLY, 13 Trenton St., off Pa-
cific, bet. Stockton and Powell.
p ERMAN GIRL WISHES SITUATION TO DO
"X general housework and cooking: wages $20.
Call or address 11 Henry St., bet. Noe and Sanchez.
p ERMAN GIRL, BEST REFS.. wants
vJT place for general housework in fine family:
city or country: wages $'20-$25. Address W. P.,
box 80, Call Office.
N EASTERN GIRL WISHES SITUATION
for general housework. Call at siVa Clemen-
tina St., beL Firs', and Second.
CU)MP£TENT WOMAN WANTS HOUSE-
J work In American or Jewish family: In city or
across the bay; wages $'20 to $25. Call or address
11. L., 44U Seventeenth st.
EX It IB N LED DRESSMAKER WOULD
like a few more engagements by the day;
terras $1 50. Address 216 Leavenworth st.
GER MA N G I K LW A N SITU ATION for
vX cooking and downstairs work. AddreS3 163
Tehama st.
yOL'.VO WOMAN WISHES POSITION AS
X working housekeeper, or any position where a
reliable, practical person is required; no tiers.
Call afternoons, 122 Turk St.
\ r OUNG GIRL. 19 YEARS, WANTS GENK-
X ral housework In a private family. 711 Eliza-
beth St., near Castro.
IDOLS-AGED RELIABLE WOMAN WISH-
es to do housework by the month or day. 912
Howard St., nr. Fifh.
yOUXG WIDOW DESIRES SITUATION.
X housekeeper or general housework; city or
country. 905 Vfe Powell st. .;'-..
GIRL OF 11 WISHES HOME AND SCHOOL-
ing: is willing to tend children and do light
houstwork. Address J. O. NBECE, 136 Rose aye.
]VTURSE (HOSPITAL EXPERIENCE) WANTS
X> position to care for invalid or infant: good
j seamstress: would help with upstairs work; ref-
erence from physicians and former patients. Ad-
dress 413 Nineteenth St.
yOLNG WOMAN WANTS WORK BY THE
X day washing and cleaning oflice: $1 a day and
carfare. Address W. C, box 32, this office. -- -.' ..-•.;;-;.
ADY WANTS POSITION AS HOUSE-
-I keeper or to do plain sewing and mending.
Apply 821 Mission St., room 3.
WINCHESTER HOUSE, 44 THIRD ST., NrT
; '» Market; 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 per night :
$1 50 to $6 pf-r week: convenient and respectable;
free bus to ami from the ferry.
SITUATIONS WANTED- MALE.
U MB E R OF PIBST-CLAsa IVAITBBHSKB,
-L> cooks and wail ers now ready to engage for
summer resorts. Leave your order with J. F.
CROSETT & CO., 312 Mutter st.fj . ■ ;
PC. B. COOK'S SOC. SUPPLIES COOKS: ALL
• tranches: short notice. 14 Geary. tel.(»rant 4B.
UNTKR <t CO, CHINESE AND JAPAN-
eso employment office, 17 Webb St.. below
j Kearnv. bet. California and Sacramento: teL 231.
I pHINESE AND JAPANESE EMPLOYMENT
I V 1 office; best help. 4141.2 O'Farrell; tel. E. 426.
I JAPANESE AND CHINESE EMPLOYMENT
0 office; best help. 3148 Sutter: tel. Grant 30.
OY, LIVING AT HOME, 17 YEARS OLD,
who has had 3 years' experience In one shop in
the tin-roofing and metal-cornice work, wishes to
finish his trade or get some work where his ex-
pi nence is of value. Address G., box 32, Call
Office. a-
KRMAN MAN AND WIFE CAPABLE AND
Industrious want situation, or would take full
charge of private place or small ranch: man is a
gardener and handy man; wife a good strong
house-worker. Address M, box 3, Call Office,
Oakland.
JAPANESE FAITHFUL BOY WISHES POSl-
tlon for housework or cook; good reference. Ad-
dress S. N., 52934 Geary st.
I PAINTER AND WHITENER WANTS WORK;
I X has first-class kit: will work very cheap. Ad-
dress V. C, box 113, Call Office.
OY, BETWEEN 16 AND 17. WOULD LIKE
to get work. Address 102 Lundy lane.
■yoUNG MAN (GERMAN) WISHES A PLACE
X as barkeeper; city or country. Address WIL-
LIAM v. ELLING, care of C. HUNTEMANN &
1 P., 801 Kearny st.
C TEADY RELIABLE YOUNG GERMAN (22)
O wishes a situation. Address THEODORE
I PETERSON, 821 Hampshire sU, city.
VOUXG MAN WISHES A POSITION AS
X watchman, janitor or porter; best of reference.
Call or address 1237 Stockton sU, room 19. f- : - ■•; .
MIDDLE- AGED DANE WANTS SITUATION
in private family; Is first-class driver and
groom; understands how to keep a garden in good
order; will make himself generally useful; strictly
I temperate. Address S. 1)., box 139, Call Office.
yOUXG MAN WANTS EMPLOYMENT AT
X any terms, by day or night, as waiter, hotel
clerk, ticket-take.' or any occupation requiring in-
telligence; good character. Address M. T., box
48. Call Office.
RK L I A BLE YOUNG MAN WISHES SITUA-
XV tion in some light business; wages no object.
1 Address J. M., 54 Oak St.
\\r ANTED — SITUATION TO CARE FOR
»» horses, cows, garden; handy man with tools,
etc.; good around chickens; on a private place.
Address H. 8., box 134, Call Office.
ITUATION WANTED BY ~A LEARNED
German gardener, married, who has worked
I for over 6 years in one of the largest wine estab-
! lishments of San Francisco, and who understands
I the work thoroughly ; in city or country; good ref-
erences. Address A. X., 3161,4 Langto'n st.
C~ IOACHMAX- A YOUNG ~ EASTERN MAN
. \J wishes situation In gentleman's place: thor-
; oughly understands his business; years of New
I York City references. Address Coachman, 12 Sac-
. 1 ramento st., S. I*.
j J>ROKESSIONAL GARDENER, FIRST-CLASS
1 X horseman and driver, good milker, wants a po-
, sition; or will cook for ranch: highest city refer-
; ence. Address A. R. D., box 125, Call Office.
INGLE MAN OF 28 "wishes POSITION IN
O the count as ranch carpenter. Addiess S. M.,
' box 134, Call Office.
S~ ITUATION WANTED BY YOUNG MAN;
has had several years' experience as a drug
1 cleric in this city; good recommendations. Ad-
dress T., box 16, Call Office.
yoVXG MAN (21) WANTS SITUATION TO
! X drive milk wagon; has had experience. Ad-'
, dress E. C. box 62, this office.
I Y°. v - MAN OF 23 WOULD LIKE ANY
I X kind of employment; city or country: first-
class reference. Address C. E., 713 Minna st.
; "yOUNG MAN WOULD LIKE POSITION IN
I wholesale stoic; age 19 years; references. Ad-
; dress E. 8., box 73, C«1I Office.
SITUATION WANTED BY YOUNG GERMAN
in private place to taice care of horses, garden
. and cows; good driver: best of references. Ad.
dress J. DKSHWANDEN, Napa, Cal.
BY YOUNG MAN SITUATION AS COACH-
, man and gardener; is good milker; best refer-
j ence. Call or address T. H., 1238 Folsom st. .
Perfect" COACHMAN DESIRES SITUA-
, X tion in private family; city or country; under-
I stands his business thoroughly. Address T.,
. coachman, 861 Market st.
ASSISTANT BOOKKEEPER, COLLECTOR,
j j XX good penman; not afraid of work; wholesale
. house preferred. J., box 152. Call Office.
• j T>7Rsr-CLASs UPHOLSTKRER AND CAR-
X pet-layer will come to house and work ; send
' I postal. 11 Willow aye.
1 i 11 T GOOD GERMAN COOK FOR HOTEL, RES-
X_> taurant or boarding-bouse. Call 645. Mission.
■ C COMPETENT BOOKKEEPER, MARRIED,
\J who speiks English, French and German, with
■ best of city references and bonds, wants a situa-
t ion, or would like to keep small sets of books, at
, reasonable terms. Address .V. N., box 91. Call.
: FEMALE HELP WANTED.
COOK' FOR JEwTsH FA MILyT :"CITY".^ $25;
\J waitress for restaurant, $15: > girl for bouse-
-1 work, country, fate paid, $20; German second
girl and sewing, $20; girl for housework, city. $20:
girls for housework, city and country, $15 and
j $20; Scandinavian cook and housekeeper, three in
: family, $25; girl for small ranch, $15. C. R.
HANSEN & CO., 110 Geary st. ; -y- .
j ANNIE HILL AND MARY MCLAUGHLIN,
XX please report; waitresses for summer resorts
and country hotel ,$2O. C. R. HANSEN * CO.,
110 Geary »t. ■
j TV ANTE A I I X KSS,~ RESTAURANT. $5
, '» a week; Swedish or German laundress and
! light housework, $25: French ironer, $20: young
French p!rl,assl«t in light housework. 1 lady", $18:
German cook and laundress,' $25; -2 Spanish cham-
bermaids, hotel, $15 each. LEON ANDRE, 316
I Stockton st. ■*■::;■ :. • ■
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, APRIL 8, 1896.
HELP WA>TKI>-Continued.
URSE, COUNTRY, $25 ; COOKT^AjipLUIS
i-l Obispo,s2s; Monterey County, $20: Weaver-
vllle, $20, 2 In family, see lady here at 10:30, and
other towns; 16 housework jrirls, city, $20 and
$25; 6 young girls assist, $10 to $16. MISS
CULLEN, 323 Sutter st.
T AUNDRESS, $25 TO $30, CITY; GERMAN
XJ or SwedUh housework girl, 2 in family, $26.
MISS CULLEN, 323 Sutter st. .-
SECOND GIB, OAKLAND, $25 KACH,
£ apply early, MISS CULLEN. 323 Sntter st.
HOTEL COOK, MKNLO. 30. MISS CULLEN,
323 Sutter st. ..
COOK, HOSPITAL, $40. MISS CULLEM, 323
Sutter st. ■
ECOND GIRL, ALAMEDA, ' $20; MOTHER
and daughter, $25. country; neat' second girl,
$25. MISS CULLEN, 323 Sutter st.
(GERMAN OR FRENCH COOK; COUNTRY;
T $30. MISS CULLEN, 323 Sntter st.
LADY'S MAID; $20; SLEEP HOME. MISS
CULLEN, 323 Sutter st.
TIFFINED YOUNG NURSEGIRL; $10. MISS
XV CULLEN, 323 Slitter st. , . ■
p ERMAN OR FRENCH NURSERY GOV-
VT erness: 825 to $30. MISS CULLEN, 323 Sutter.
OMAN WITH A CHILD; $15. MISS CUL-
LEN. 323 Butter st. - ■ ■ » ■
WOMAN FOR HOUSEWORK, SUISUN, $15;
fare paid. MISS CULLEN, 323 Sutter st.
"VTEAT REFINED EASTERN SECOND
1> $30. MISS CULLEN, 323 Sutter St. '
CHAMBERMAID, COUNTRY, $16. MISS
\J CULLEN, 32« Sutter st.
ANCH COOK, $20, FARE PAID; 10 ISKAT
girls for housework, country towns, SI S to $ 20:
laundress, country hotel, $20. Girls and women
wanting work call on MURRAY & READY, 634
Clay st.
ANTED— NEAT SECOND GIRL: hEFEß-
ences: small American family; $20. MUR-
RAY A READY, 634 Clay st.
WANTED— TWO HOUSEWORK GIRLS FOR
«» good steady places, $25 each; young second
girl. Menlo Park, $20; laundress, San Rafael. $30;
4 girls for housework In country, $20. Apply
MISS PLUNKETT, 424 Sutter.
2 COOKS, $25 AND $30; CHAMBERMAID.
*J $18; waitress, $20: infant's nurse, $26: 12 girls
for housework. MRS. HIRD, 721 Ellis st.
OOK. BOARDING-HOUSE, COUNTRY, $26.
R. T. WARD <fc CO., 610 Clay St. . • ■ •-
GIRLS WITH GOOD REFERENCES WILL
find the best places at MRS. CATTKLL'S Em-
ployment Bureau, 526 Eighth St., Oakland. - ; -*"•/ -
ANTED-6 YOUNG GIRLS TO ASSIST
" hou«ework, $10 to $12; second girl, $20; cook,
$25: 4 girls housework, $20 and $25 ;gir s, country.
$20. 315 Sutter st.
EAD WAITRESS, $30; CHAMBERMAID
and waitress, $25, country hotel. HOTEL
GAZETTE, 420 Kearny st.
QHOOTING THE sIIOOTS— A FEW LADIES
0 wanted to assist in the sale. Elastic Tip Co.
46 Market St., San Francisco.
TMI'ROVER WANTED ON CLOAK-MAKING.
X 109 Turk st.
UrOMAN TO ASSIST WITH HOUSEWORK;
»» steady place for the right person; none but
Americans need apply. 310 Clipper st., near Noe.
\\T ANTEJ>-I.AI>Y SOLICITORS. APPLY 524
» » Union St., bet. 8 and 9 a. m. and 4 and 7 r. M.
WEDISH GIRL FOR GENERAL HOUSE-
kJ work; must h»' good plain cook: $'20: reference
required. Call 1421 Benton St., Alameda, Morton
station ; narrow gauge.
T»T ANTED— GOOD COOK WILLING TO DO
»' housework; reference required. Call bet. 9
and 11, 1724 Bush st. -
VTEAT COMPETENT GIRL FOR GENERAL
i-> housework; Swedish preferred; wages $20.
t Apply 210 Ninth st.
r OUNG GIRL FOR LIGHT HOUSEWORK.
X 2 South Broderick st.
XPERIKNCKD PANTS-FINISHERS WAST-
ed. 934 Howard st.
yOUSG GIRL FOR LIGHT HOUSEWORK
X and care of children. 1010 Fair Oaks sts.
A PPRKNTICE GIRL ON CUSTOM COATS.
XX 19 Harriet st.
T?XPERIENCED HANDS ON VESTS; ALSO
Xli apprentice. 641 Stevenson st.
N APPRENTICE " A TED TO LEARN
dressmaking. Call at 1631 Polk st.
OU NG LADY TO ASSIST IN LIGHT HJUSE-
X work; wages small: Western Addition. Ad-
dress W. A., box 26, Call Office.
ArOUNGGIRLTOTAKKCHARGEOFCHILD:
X w*ges $6. 417 Baker st.
IDDLE-AGEI) LADY OR GIRL TO HELP
in small housework. 607 Hayes st.
Ifi NERGETIC WOMEN CAN MAKE MONEY
■t quick and easy by writing for particulars;
something new up to date. 8., box 153, Call.
\\r ANTI-.n— young AMERICAN GIRL TO
" assist in small family: home more au object
than wages. 721 Army st.
TNTELLIGENT GIRL OVER !6 YEARS. AP-
X ply at Viavl Company, 2304 Van Ness aye.
A PPRKNTICE FOR DRESSMAKING. 756
A Howard St., bet. Third and Fourth.
yOUSG GIRL, 14, ASSIST LIGHT HOUSE-
X work; sleep home; good wages. 410 Van Ness.
■\-OUNi.i GIRL FOR LIGHT HOUSEWORK;
X small family: no washing. 1402 PaciHcnr.Hyde.
N EXPERIENCED APPRENTICE ON
custom coats. 604 O'Farrell st.
\ ' or N G GIRL Foil GENERAL HOUSE-
X work. Apply 1409 Clay st.
OBACCO STRIPPERS WANTED AT GEN-
X eral Burnside cigar factory, 316 Clay st.
\\T A NTE D - FINISHERS AND BUTTON-
»» hole-makers. I. HARRIS, 1117 Howard st.
A PPRENTICE ON CUSTOM COATS. 627 NA~-
xx torna st.
rMRST-OLASS WAISTMAKER. DANNEN-
r BAUM, MUELLER & KAHX, 723 Market St.
T/UNISHKitS AND APPRENTICES ON
X I pants. 1028 Market it., second floor.
'OUNO GERMAN GIRLFOR LIGHT house-
X work and care of 2 children. 336 Hayes St.
TMItST-CLASS TAILORESS ON PANTS. 105
X? Stockton st., room 56.
ANTED— MIDJ)LE-AOKD WOMAN TO DO
cooking and general housework on a small
ranch. Apply room 24, Brooklyn Hotel.
\\T ANTED— FIRST-CLASS OPERATOR; BUT-
'» tonhole-maker and finishers. 509 Kearny, r. 2.
A PPRENTICKS ON CUSTOM COATS; PAY
xx while learning. 410 Kearny st., room 24.
GERMAN GIRL FOR GENERAL HOUSE-
VX work and cooking. 615 McAllister st.
AIHDKESsING. 25c AND 35c: MORNING
and eve classes; 101esson3.$l 50. 1248 Mission.
DRESSMAKING, CUTTING AND FITI'ING
i-t taught: new styles: perfect fitting patterns
25c up. McDOWELL Academy, 213 Powell st.
THIRST-CLASS SKIRTMAKERS; NONE BUT
X first-class need apply. 604 Sutter st.
"m INCH ESTER HOUSE, 44 THIRD, NEAR
»» Market— Electric lights in very room: 200
rooms: 25c to $1 60 per night-, $1 50 to $3 per
week: fr»e bus to and from the ferry.
APPRENTICES TO LEARN DRESS CUT-
XX ting and making. 14 McAllister, rms 67 and 68.
Most CONVENIENT AND respectable-
Winchester House, 44 Third st.. near Market-
-200 rooms; 25c to $1 60 per night: $1 60 to $6 per
week: free bus to and from the ferry.
I A RENCE PATTERN HOUSE— DRE&S-
cutting school. 1231 Market St.. bet. Bth and 9th.
MALE HELP WANTED.
3 FIRST-CLASS BaIkEEI'ERS "FOR 10
days, extra, country hotel; pantry-boy, country
hotel, $15. C. R. HANBEN & CO.. 110 Geary st.
O BARBERS FOR COUNTRY HOTELS SEE
O proprietor at C. R. HANSEN & CO., 110 Geary.
TRONKR AND POLISHER FOR TROY MA-
X chine country laundry, «12 a week; ironer
country laundry, $30 and found. C. R. HANSEN
& CO., 110 Geary st.
0 STAFF MOLDERS NEAR CITY, $2 A
■^ day. C. R. HaNSEN & CO.. 110 Geary st.
I 0 (MM I REDWOOD TIES TO CUT. TOOLS
-LV/.W/u furnished, see boss here; 6 shingle-
bolt-makers: 2 laborers; 3 laborers for ranch; but-
ter and cheese maker, $25: broommaker; charcoal
burner; spool-ieuder forth* woods; wire-nail ope-
rators, $2 50 ocr day; sticker-hand. $3 a day;
blacksmith for country shop: blacksmith for Hono-
lulu: 2 choreboy» for ranches; 2 milkers; 5 farm-
ers; orchard and vineyard hands; 3 cooks, $25 to
$00; 3 waiters: 2 dishwashers: ironer, $30: mark-
er. $10 to $12: lunch-counter took and ninny other
pluces from $15 to $90 and found. MURRAY &
READY. Leading Employment Agents, 634-636
Clay street.
1 (1 f\(Y(\ CORDS OF 4-FOOT REDWOOD TO
XU.VWUc.ut. 70c per cord. MURRAY it
READY, 634-636 Clay street.
1 a LABORING MKN TO MAKE ROADS AND
±\t work around -sawmill and woods, $20 and
found and increase; all-sum job: steamer sails
at 9 o'clock this morning. Call early; office open
at 7a. M. R. T. WARD A CO., 608 and 610 Clay.
1 (\ TIEMAKERS 1 . TOOLS AND PROVISIONS
J-U furnished. 8, 9 and 10 cenis apiece, to go this
morning, call early; stage driver. $30; woodchop-
per ,on shares. R. T. WARD & CO., 608 and 610
Clay st. , , ■ : . :■:; - ■ ;/■ ■.; -■ ■ ... .
WANTED-A. AMES, HYDRAULIC MINE
»i superintendent.' please call: machinist • for
country, $45 and found; Italian-Swiss milker, $25:
farmer and milker, $20; laborers for country, $25
and board: liemakers; cook for country, $35, and
others. Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO., 628 Sac-
ramento st. . ._ ... .' .. \ -:;■ :
ANTED— MAN FOR WOOD-CUTTING AND
teamin?, $20 per month, etc. : 2 good solici-
tors. Portrait Co., good money; , man for chicken
ranch;- German waiter, to act as steward; Cl&us
Simmons, blacksmith, please call or send address;
laundrymen for country laundries. * MARTIN'S
Employment Agency, 749 Market st. . \ ;
ANTED-SHIRT-IRONER FOR . A LAUN-
dry in the country, $35 , and found: waiter,
plain : restaurant, $30: waiter,- coffee-house, $30;
vegetable man I and > cook, short orders. $5 a week :
good German cook, $70, etc. t LEON ANDRE, 316
Stockton st. : . , . ■ /'
JAPANESE COOK, $30, SAN MATEO; SEE
party here. MISS CULLEN, 323 Sutter st.
I»r ANTED— A NO. 1 GENTS'. FURNISHINGS
»» salesman; unquestionable reference required.
RAPHAEL'S. -, .••.:'.•.■•-.. ■-:■:-: >•<"■' >>---■-
IjMRST^CLASS TAILOR BY THE WEEK ON
X? cus.om coats. 28 Morris are., near Sixth st. ;
. HELP WANTED— Continued.
Ty"ASTED-5 FARMERS fOR ;VINEYARD,
»» first-class place, $20 a month: also, milkers,
butter-makers, -■ waiters, cooks and ' dishwashers;
man to cook for 2 men on ranch, milk 4 cows and
make butter, $20, and others. W. D. EWER
CO., 626 Clay st.
"I? XPE RIENCED DRESS, DOMESTIC AND
-LJ men's furnishing salesmen. Address. Drive,
box 33. Call Office.
ANTED— WAITER. AT BERLIN RESTAU-
" rant, 249 Fourth st. - •
WANTED— YOUNG MAN TO LEARN
»» stationery business; small wages; good op-
portunity age about . 22. Address A. A-, box 77,
Call Office.
"ANTED— GENERAL TAILOR. APPLY 24,
Sutler st. .
W ANTED— LOS ANGELES TAILOR WANTS
»» first-class cutter, one accustomed to fine trade
preferred. Address L., box 137, Call Office.
"IRISHMAN OR IRISH DECENT FOX INSTI-
-- tution; milk and care garden, $20; state age and
references. M., box 6, Call Office.
"IV" ANTED— BO OF GOOD FAMILY IS A
.»»■ first-class architect's office to learn the pro -
fessiop ; no pay. Address Boy, box 140, Call Office.
ELIABLE BOY ABOUT 16 years to
11 learn grocery business; good home. Call 1019
Pacific st.
OLISHEH — FIRST-CLASS POLJBHER
J- wanted at Golden Gate Laundry, Lombard and
Steiner sts. ■
SOBER LUNCH WAITER WANTED. 236
O Townsend st. : ."v;: :
\\r ANTED— A GOOD COATM AKER. 1910
'• Polk st.
J>APER-HANGER WaN TED; GOOD MAN.
- 1 - Call at 511 Pine st. ,_
ARBER wanted FOR Wednesday,
Saturday and Sunday. 1211 Market st.
PRACTICAL CO ATM AKER WANTED AT
J- 927 Market St., room 419; call early.
WANTED — STEADY, ACTIVE MAN FOR
'» laundry route; established 8 years: first-class
horse and wagon; guaranteed to clear $90 to 125
a month; $350 required. STENBERG & CO., 632
Market St. ■ .
ARBER fsc. SHOP FOR SALE ON AC
count of going East. 1625 Park St., Alameda.
YY ANTED-OFKICE-BOVT FOR LAW OFFICE,
» » under 15 years. Apply 431 California at.,
room 26.
Air ANTED— MAN AS PARTNER IN
'» paying wood and coal yard; must have $150
cash. JOHNSTON, 26 V 3 Kearny st.
ANTED — YOUNG MAN LEARN SIGN-
: writing; steady employment; good wages;
small capital. Address R., box 61, Call Office.
QTKADY, RELIABLE MAN with $160
0 wanted as partner In light business that will
pay good wages. STANLEY, 2iy 3 Third st.
W ANTED— HAN TO MAKE HIMSELF GEN-
'» orally useful at a lunch counter; must have
$75. 23 Keurny st., room 10.
"L^XPERIENCED BUSINESS MAN WHO IS
XJ willing to invest $200 in saloon and lunch-
house. Address box 79. Call Office. _^
Barber — partner with $200 ; ELE-
gnnty fitted-up shop; good location. STOLTZ,
630 Market st.
1 (\(\ M ' : N To EAT BEST 10-CENT MEAL IN
XUI/ town and get a first-class shave free. NEW
IDEA RESTAURANT, 639 Kearny St.
} RASTER WEEK— 2 FRESH EGGS, WITH
J coffee, tea or milk, bread, butter, etc., sc. 635
Clay St., Rig Yellow Front. vv :.-."';"■.
\TK\V WALDO HOUSE. 765 MISSION. BET.
±.1 3d and 4th— Single furnished rooms, night 15c
to 50c; week $1 to $2 50; ' clean, quiet reading-room;
Strictest attention to morning calls; open all night.
T IVE SOLICITORS FOR NEW AND HIGHLY
XJ profitable proposition; accident, health and life
Insurance. Call bet. 3 & 5 p. M., or address Fidelity
Mutual Aid Association, 316 California, room 18.
C^OATMAKERS WANTED. APPLY AT 11
\J a. m. at Golden Gate aye. entrance to
CHARLES LYONS, London Tailor, 1212 to 1218
Market st. ..-?,.
EST MEaL ON EARTH WELL COOKED: 8
courses. 10c. at Seattle Restaurant, 137 Fourth.
T?OK SALE-BEST 3-CHAIR BARBER-SHOP
X 1 in city: cheap. Address A. B. C, box 85, Call.
BEST IN CITY— SINGLE ROOMS, 15, 20 AND
25 cents per night: $1, $1 25, SI 50 per week.
Pacific house. Commercial and Leidesdorff sts.
ANTED— LABORERS AND MECHANICS
"'to know that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprie-
tor, still runs Denver House, 217 Third st.; 150
largo rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $3 per week.
\\r HAT CHEER HOUSE, 629 SACRAMENTO
«» St.: 200 rooms: best in the city sing; e rooms
20 and 25c a night, SI a week meals 10c
\,I EN'S SOLES, 50c; HEELS, 26c: DONE 16
■iM. minutes, while you wait. 635 Kearny st.
\\r ANTED- BOYS TO LEARN BARBER
'» trade; only 8 weeks required; tools and posi-
tions furnished; reasonable terms by calling this
week ;< catalogue mailed. San Francisco Barber
School, 1515 Howard st.
* LASKA GOLD FIELDS. !
-* »- The fact sailing clipper schooner Sophia Suth-
erland, built in 1889, will sail from San Francisco
for looks Inlet direct on April 15. weather permit-
ting, taking a limited number of passengers. For
further particulars apply to FRED HOLMES,
Shtpbroker and Agent. 506 Battery st.
1 MA MEN TO TAKE "LODGING AT 100, 1»C
J V'\J and 20c a night, including coffee and rolls.
624 Washington st., near Kearny.
ARBE R r PROTECTIVE UNION EMPLOY-
JJ inent secretary. CONRAD TROELL. 667 Clay.
ARBERS— FOR EMPLOYMENT CALL SEC-
retary Barbers' A sso.. 325 Grant aye. 8. FUCHS.
BARBERS' ASSOCIATION OF C A L. K M LO Y-
J-> menu Secy, P. C. Hamann, 238 i/ 2 O'Farrell.
B"" "e.-t place IN ciTY~FOR""SECO7rr>ItAND
shoes: great reduction on account of other busi-
ness. • 129 Sixth st. v:-;?v-
-\\TK ARE SHOE DOCTORS; WE REPAIR
'» your old shoes and make them as good as new,
and with our new machines we can do your work
at one-half the usual price; done while you wait.
5C2 Mission St., between First and Second sts.
13O8EDA LE" HOUSE, 321 ELLIS ST.; ROOMS
-It 20c to 50c night: »1 to »4 week: open all night.
EN TO FEED. MANHATTAN STOCK FOOD;
all grocers keep it.
EN'S SECOND-HAND shoes, SOME
XX nearly new, 25c to $1 25. 662 Mission.
LCHO HOUSE, 863 Va MARKET ST.—
Rooms 20c, 25c. to 60c night; $1 to $3 week.
MEN'S i/ 2 -SOLING 60c; LADIES' 40c; DON E
while you wait. 638 Market, opp. Palace Hotel.
RATH IS LAW AND COLLECTION AGENCY
XV Prompt collections: references. 512 Montg'y.
WINCHESTEKYIOUSE, 44 THIRD ST.. NEAR
Market; 200 rooms, 25 cents a night; reading-
room: free bus to and from the ferry.
(Jjfl TO $4 PER WEEK: 200 SUNNY ROOMS;
<IPX large reading-room. New Grand, 246 Third.
VY r ANTED-TO COLLECT WAGES DUE
»» laborers and clerks. KNOX Collection Agency,
110 Sutler st. .v. :■;.**;■■:
REE BEER— SCHOONERS FOX 6c;
X I also a bottl «of lager, sc, at 637 Clay St.
rpRY ACME HOUSE. 957 MARKET ST.. BE-
-1 low Sixth, for a room; 25c a night: $1 a week.
\\r ANTED— SINGLE ROOMS, 15c A DAY; $1
»» week; rooms for two, 25c a day, $1 60 a week;
reading-room: dally papers. 36 Clay st.
AGENTS WANTED.
EN AND "LADY AGENTS WITH $1 80 TO
sell a table article; hustler can make big
money. Call at 21 V2 Third St., room 10.
» GENTS WANTED IN EVERY CITY AND
/1. town of the Pacific coast to handle the best,
quick-selling novelty out; no humbug; write to-
day; full '.particulars with samples 10c. Address
MANUFACTURERS' AGENT, P. O. box 2068,
San Francisco, Cal. . ' • "
WANTED-MISCELLANEOCS.
pXirfTE"RS ~^CAFF6LI> XnD HOOKS",
X cheap. Painter, 13 Lewis St., near Post.
Y\T ANTED— BUGGY-HORSE FOR 1 OR 2
»» months or more, by responsible party, for its
care. Address 612 Montgomery st. .
ELL YOUR BOOKS, "CLOTHING AND JEW
elrv to A. KLEIN. 109 Sixth St.: send postal.
MEDICAL.
NEW PROCESS— NO MEDICINE, instru-
ment or worthless pills used; every woman her
own physician for all female troubles, no matter
from what cause: restores always in one day:
helped at once; can be sent and used at home: all
cases guaranteed; if you want to be treated safe
and sure call on DR. POPPER and MRS. DR.
NAIL, both specialists, 318 Kearny st.
T A DIES — DA UDET'S~FEMALE ; REGULA-
XJ ting pills; strongest, safest, best; never fail;
$1 per box. WIDBER'S drugstore, 14 Ellis St.,
formerly cor. Market and Third sts., sole agents.
OURECURE FOR ALL FEMALE DISEASES,
O from whatever | cause; a home in confinement
with every comfort; satisfaction guaranteed, by.
MRS. DR. QWYKR, 226 Turk Bt. . V
"ipts. DR. WEGENER. PRIVATE HOME IN
l»i- confinement; irregularities cured in a few
hours without operation; pills *2. : 419 Eddy st.~'.'
LL FEMALE IRREGULARITIES RE-
stored In a few hours: safe and. sure relief at
any time; travelers helped at once; home In con-
finement; French pills guaranteed: ; consult' free.
MRS. DR. WEYTH. 916 Post St., near Larkln.
A BLESSING; TO LADIES SUFFERING
from Irregularities and diseases peculiar to
their sex: latest improved method of treatment:
. neTer falls: perfectly harmless; free from any bad
effects; never makes them sick to make them
well: travelers helped immediately : prices to suit
the times; home in confinement, Woman's Dis-
pensary. 14 McAllister St., next Hibernia Bank;
consult free. DR. & MRS. DAVIS' French regu-
lating pills, $2 50." :■- . »-.■:: <"-- : v~ •:.•"■:"< ;• ■
T ADIES. CONSULT FREE MRS. DR. SCOTT,
XJ 216 Powell st. ; only qualified specialist; $500
for case I fail to cure; diseases of the eyes treated.
D~ RS. GOODWIN MAKES A SPECIALTY OP
diseases of women and restores all cases of Ir-
regularity in one day; cure or no charge: separata
home for patients: best skill; medical attend-
nce:;low fees; regulator, $2. 1370 Market st. ; : '
; \ HOME~A friend AND MOTHER'S care.
A MRS. DR. FUN K'S. 1416 Eighth st.,Alamcda.
-'.A LPEAU'S FRENCH PILLS— A BOON TO
A ladles troubled with : irregularities: no dancer;
safe and sure; ; $2 60 express CO. D. ; don't delay
until too late. OSGOOD BROS., Oakland, Cat. •.
l^R, HALL. 14 MCALLISTER STREET, NEAR
JL/; Jones, xriseases of women and children. *,■
1 ' ■ ' -. '. .
■■ ■'-'■ ' -V- ■ PERSONALS. j;--^l'li^J
OuTD^T^fE^ISTEFToFIIRSrKATE RAY,
chambermaid at the Brooklyn Hotel, call im-
mediately at hotel, RS sheisveryjll?_____^_____
SK. YOUR v DRUGGIST FOR VERMONT
Hair Wash; cures all scalp diseases: take
none other. . . . ; .  ■• ■ ■■■ - •
MASSAGE GIVEN AT HOME BY PRACTI-
caI gentleman nurse; highest references.. Ad-
dress Reasonable, room 55. Murphy building.
rriRY TUSCAN SPRING MINERAL SALT FOR
X catarrh. 132 Sixth St., room 2.
INFORMATION WANTED— THE ADDRESS
X of WILLIAM JAMES LYNCH, a barber, by
his mother. MARGARET LYNCH, 43 W. Ninety-
lir.-.t st., New York City. . -.-.^,
DV ICE FREE; DIVORCE LAWS A SPE-
clalty; private: no charge unless successful; all
law suits, claims, collections, wills, deeds, etc., at-
tended to. G.W. HOWE, atty-at-law. 850 Market st
pHEAPEST AND BEST; GET OUR FIGURES
v/for paper-banging and painting. Co-operative
Paper-hanging Company, 635 McAllister st.
I DRESS THE HAIR FOR 25c, INCLUDING
waving and enameling the face; I follow all the
latest Parisian fashions and fads, and I guarantee
the most stylish coiffures that can be made. G.
LEDERER, 111 Stockton st.
OLD GOLD, SILVER, GENTS' AND LADIES'
clothing bought. COLMAN, 41 3d, cor. Jessie.
ARLINGTON'S SCHOOL OF MAGAZINE
and Newspaper Illustration: day and evening
classes: Instructors, J. H. E. Partlngton. Gertrude
Partington.K.L. Partlngton. Particulars 424 Pine st
rTUIE ECONOMY" MILLINERY. BED FRONT,
X 40, 46 Sixth; children's school hats sc; dyed,
pressed 25c: hats trimmed 25c; feathers curled sc.
A NNULMENT OF MARRIAGE AND dT
A vorce; legal everywhere. P.O. box 2263. S. F.
NAMELED LETTERS ARE MADE ONLY
Hi at 210 Steiner St.; others are agents. Baker
Enamel and Manufacturing Company.
■ffl»l A ROOM: CARPETS CLEANED ON THE
tip X floor. 206 Leavenworth st.
"I3IG OUTDOOR STEREOPTICON SHOW EVE-
X> ry night cor. Market and Sixth sts.; artlßtic ad-
vertisements In living light; promoters of busi-
ness. Consult OWL ADV. CO., 1140 Market st.
1 I inn CARDS, $1 50: SHOW CARDS, 15c;
XUUU tel. Black 141. HILL, 22 Geary st., r. 39.
T ADIES' HAIR COLORING GUARANTEED;
-Li superfluous hair removed : bangs and switches
$1 up. MRS. E. H. KUBBARD, 923 Market St.
OURQUIN'B CAL'A . ASTHMATIC PAPER;
instant relief. For sale by all druggists or Cen-
tral Pharmacy, SW. cor. Grant aye. and Simertt.
LECTRIC LIGHTS IN EVERY ROOM— WIN-
XU Chester House, 44 Third st., near Market: 200
rooms, 25c to $1 60 per night: $1 60 to fttper
week : free bus to and from the ferry.
T IBERAL ADVANCES ON DIAMONDS, JEW-
XJ elry, etc. : lowest rates. 948 Market at.
CLO A CAPES AND SUITS RETAILED AT
mfrs' coat. Factor". 20 Ransom" nt.. nr>^ta!rv
DRESS3IAKEKS. ~
BlrXdley7~»io diste7~4 io~tay lor^eX&
aant stylish dress made, $5 up; dresses made
over.
DRESSES, $2 UP; LAWNS, $1 UP; WRAP-
pers. 35c and up. 5 05 Natomn. bet. 6th 7th.
CL i AIRY ANTsT~
A"~~RARE ; NITY~^
to consult the great clairvoyant,
PROFESSOR P. EUGENE, "
Knowledge is Power.
Remain not in darkness and Ignorance, hut seek
the light of wisdom and learn what the future holds
for you. He is ever ready to assist the troubled
and unfortunate, and always' meets with success.
All are pleased with his readings. PROFESSOR
F. EUGENE, 1728 Market st. -
pONSULT THE GREATEST SEERESS OF
v^ the century for 26c. Ilex Grant aye., room 5.
CnC AND $1. ' 50C AND $1.
O\J PROFESSOR LEON, 633 POST ST.
Wonderful power; gives advice on business,
speculation, lore, marriage, divorce, etc.; letters
with stamps answered. Hours 9 to 8; also Sunday.
ROF. ZANZIC, THE WHITE MaHATMA
palmist and clairvoyant medium, 315 Ellis St.,
tells past, present and future events with utmost
truth; sittings; ladies 50c, gents $1.
ME. ARNDT, BEST FORTUNE TELLER IN
the world; 50c and $1, shows you the picture of
your future husband or wife. 4 Twelfth, cor.Market
ME. PORTER, CARD- READER; TELLS
past, . present, future: ladles 60c. gents $1;
palmistry, clairvoyant, sittings $1 50. 126 Turk st.
REMEMBER THE GREATEST SKEKESS OF
Xt the age. Parlor 5, 116 a Grant aye.
MM ET RAVENNA READS LIFE FLUENTLY,
tips on races, names given; 25c up. ' 5 4th st.
ME. EXODUS^ CLAIRVOYANT, RE-
moved to 1003 Mission, nr. Sixth; fee 50c.
ME. STEWART'; GREATEST CARD READ-
erand clairvoyant In world: seventh daughter;
read cards since 11 years of age; mining, lawsuits
marriage; ladies or gents 50c. 917 Market, 3 and 4.
ME. MOREAU. BEST MEDIUM; REVEALS
past, present and future; '-'6c up. 764 Howard st.
ME. SYBILLE — LIFE-READER; PAST,
present, future; charms; fee 60c. 914 O'Farrell
VI ME. DR. THOMAS. SCIENTIFIC REVEAL-
JTI er by eggs and cards; tells entire life, pan,
present, future; consultations on all affairs; noth-
ing excepted: names Riven; good ndvlce; sure
help: restores lost love by sympathy; mistake ira-
possible: fee $1 1 letter VJ. 9V9 Post »t.. nr. Ijtrkin.
SPIRITUALISM.
PEOPLE'S SPIRITUAL~MEETING. 11l LAR-
X kin st.: 8 p. M -. speaking tests and music; free,
TP9Y MEDIUM SITI'INGS DAILY (SUN-
days included): Kg up. 916 Mission; hrs 10 to 9.
M~~W*. J. J. WHITNEY. CLAIRVOYANT
trance medium: sitting $1. 21 H Stockton st.
LOST.
lOST-UPPER SET FA^LS KTK ET VL. I AYE
i at 422 Stevenson st. and receive reward.
O.ST— SATURDAY EVENING, COR. JACK-
son and Fillmore. spaniel dog: license 907;
answers name of "Deacon"; red ribbon on collar.
Return 190 Noe st. and receive reward.
1 OST— SATURDAY NIGHT BLACK AND
X; tan dog; name Peter: reward. 411 Dolores.
OUT— GOLD CROSS WITH INITIALS ON
J back: liberal reward. 611 Bush st.
OST— A PASSBOOK WITH THE HIBKRNIA
Savings and Loan Society of San Francisco, in
the name of NEHKMIAII D. TIIAYER; No.
202,571. The finder will please return to the
bank.
I OST— A PASSBOOK WITH THE HIBERNIA
J Savings and Loan Society of San Francisco, in
the name of ARPOLINO BENIAMINO (No. 2,061- I
410). The finder will please return to hank.
"^ FOUND.
T?Oa : >fD^U^rTx)GT'~'^^
£ by calling at 15 Prospect aye.
FOR SALE— MISCELLANEOUS.
"OICYCLKS— IB96 MODELS, TOP-NoTcH
si $75 wheels; ladles', gents' and juveniles' at
actual cost to general agent: lots of 6 or more to
the trade only for spot cash: do you want a good
thing. F. R. ORANNIS & CO., 609 Market st.
OR $25 WILL SELL HOMESTEAD ABAN-
donment to 166 acres of good land, good cli-
mate, or will take good cow and young calf. Ad-
dress A. 8., box 94, this office.
A '9s CLIPPER, ALMOST NEW; BIG BAR-
gain. 1738 Market St., tailor-shop.
RATIONAL CASH REGISTER, NICKEL
XI plated, for sale cheap. 110 Seventh st.
T? OR SALE— SERIES-WOUND MOTOR: .- Vi
X 1 H. P.; will run an 110-volt circuit: suitable for
dentist's lathe: nearly new; price $20. Address
S. D., box 48, this office.
TMPR O V ED SMITH PREMIER TYPE-
X writer for sale: good order. 1827 Stockton st.
AYING HENS, HEALTHY, 1 TO 2 YEARS
J old, one dozen, for sale cheap. For particulars
address V. C. SMITH, 209 Sacramento st.
AA Q JESSIE— A PHOTOGRAPH APPARATUS
rt^tO in perfect condition; cheap. , .
»OC BARROOM COUNTER-BACK. SHELF
ijpJjO. aud large mirror. 254 Bran nan st. ■
UTCIIER'S REFRIGERATOR, sxlo, AT
Metropolitan Dairy Company's; very cheap.
319 Sixth st.
pRE AT DANE BITCH, 1 YEAR OLD. 1609
.vl Twenty-fourth st.
p OOD FRESH COW. 1130 TWENTY-FOURTH
VJT st., near Noe.
OR SALE CHEAP— COUNTER, SHELVING
and partitions: store to let with living-rooms;
has been dressmaking parlors and notion store.
Apply at once 205 Ninth st. ■. , ' :
mo LOVERS OF THE ANTIQUE— VERY OLD
X and elegant fernleaf mahogany sideboard: very
rich and choice. Apply 913 Polk, near Geary. . -
I" OR SALE— I 18 11. P. PORTABLE ENGINE:
1 1 10 H. P. economizing boiler. Inquire 1916
. Union st.  •■ -.:.-■- .-■:■■. ■'a -v :■ . -. .-, •%•■;-,-■.■•:
lADY'B NEW SEALSKIN FOR HA LFORIGI-
iJ nal cost at UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
EVERAL SECOND-HAND TANDEMS AND
safeties at extremely low prices. j 328 McAllis-
ter st. ■- . - - ■- ...■:. ■:.'.: :•■ ■ ' ■ V ...• ... i"i
"VTEW '95 BICYCLES, $60: GOOD SECOND-
X> hand bicycles, $40. Hamilton Cyclery, Baker
St., cor. Hayes. - /'./ . . . ■
YNAMO ENGINE, BOILER AND a LOT of
tools, cheap. 516 Mission. ", t ■
ABY CARRIAGES AND RATTAN FURNI-
X> ture bought at the factory saves retailer's pro-
fit. . California Rattan Co., 61 First st., nr. Mission
TERI.ING BICYCLE, :: BUILT LIKE: A
watch: terms easy. D. N. HAWLEY, 318 Mkt.
BAR OUTFIT. MIRRORS.CASH REGISTERS
scales, etc.: cheapest. MEEK. 1118 Mission.
SE PRUSSIAN BITTERS, BEST STOMACH
bitters in market: buy your wines, liquors, etc, :
at Bonanza Wine Vaults: free delivery city, Oak-
land. - Alameda. PUTZM AN :■ & ■ SCHURMANN,
prop., 341 Pine, cor. Montgomery; phone red 391.
IjUILDINGS BOUGHT; LUMBER, SASHES
-LI doors, mantels, etc.. for sale.'. 1166 Mission. 
NE » SMALL MEDIUM -. AND LARGE SIZE \
fire and burz!.-.r proof safe. 109, 111 Market at.
IpiRE > AND BURGLAR SAFJt^ , LETTER-
X press, platform scales and desk: cheap. 102 Clay.
VTEW RANGES CHEAPER THAN SECOND-
XI hand. W. H. RAY Mfg Co., 12 California st. .;.'
OUN T E R 5. . . SHELVING, :." SHOWCASES
bought aud sold 1121^Mark«t beL 7 Ui audit;*
BUSINESS CHANCES.
•vroTTCE —TO ■ SELL YOUR BUSINESS.
-Ll promptly for cash. HEALY A CO., 23 Kearny.
<C? 7f»fk RESTAURANT AND COFFEE SA
«jp lUU, loon: vicinity of City Hall: business
$25 per day; trial given. HEALY, 23 Kearny st.
$9?: A PARTNER ANTED- CASH
+*U\J. business, clearing to each $75 per
month; no night or Sunday work; must devote 8
hours each day to business. HEALY, 23 Kearny
LEGANTLY FITTKD-UP LIQUOR SALOON
XJ vicinity Market and Geary: business of $20 per
day; make offer. HEALY' <fc CO.. 23 Kearny St.
*R4^n BUTCHER-SHOP: pihst-class LO-
«U;T«Jv/. cation; splendidly fitted up; Al horse
and cart; most desirable class of custom: monthly
receipts from $650 to $700; proposition easily
worth double; circumstances compelling this sac-
rifice will be explained; rare opening for any one.
M. LESS & CO, 783y 3 Market st.
40ft WOOD, COAL, HAY AND GRAIN
•ipnuu. business across the bay: rent free;
horses, wagons, scales, etc.: building Included;
agency for Ice Co. M. LESS & CO., 783V 3 Market.
(ft 1 AHA CORNER SALOON AT TERM IN US
<JpJ_VWV. of two cable lines: old established;
well worth $2000 to any one; trial given: cheap
rent, long lease. M. LESS & CO., 783 i/ 2 Market st.
<2»E,£/y PLUMBING AND GASFITTING j
*IP*J*J\J. business; tood store trade: 3 living-
rooms. M. LESS & CO., 783y Market st.
fit ] £»f)A ■. CORNER" GROCERY AND BAR:
<HlWv. best location north of Market st,-. has
finest class of trade; more than value in sight;
genuine bargain. M. LESS <fc CO., 783y 8 Market.
ffl* TA A SALOON ON MARKET ST.; N IC_ L V
*JP '""• fitted up: paving business; bargain for
any one. M. LESS A CO.. 788% Market st.
fl?i;r.n fine restaurant, central,
*4pOO\J. north of Market, near Kearny: best
class custom; splendid trade. M. LESS _ CO.,
783y 2 Market St., near Fourth.
<B»1 KAA RESTAURANT AT TERMINUS OF
*IP *"""• 2 cable lines and largest carhouse in
city; established 10 years: has always made big
money; receipts $50 daily : proved by satisfactory
trial and thorough investigation allowed. M.
LESS CO., 783 i/ 3 Market st.
BA RBER-SHOP FOR SALE; ELEGANTLY
fitted ap; within few doors of Baldwin; cheap
rent; long lease. M. LESS <fe CO., 7831/2 Market.
rjiO BUY, SELL OR EXCHANGE A BUSINESS
X of any kind see STRAND ifc CO., 46 Third st.
•ft 0 0 WANTED — STEADY MAN AS
«lT«-»v/l.7. partner in cash commission Duslness:
will clear at least $75 per month to each; estab-
lished over 10 years: experience not necessary;
thorough investigation allowed: no night or Sun-
day work. STRAND A CO., 45 Third st.
CORNER GROCERY AND BAR; BARGAIN
\J If sold this week. STRAND & CO., 45 Third.
©7^o CORNER BAKERY; GOOD HORSE
<iP I W. and wagon. STRAND & CO., 45 Third.
i •ft O 7 X BRANCH BAKERY, NR. 2 SCHOOLS;
ypOl *J bargain. STRAND A CO.. 45 Third st.
SALOON — BEST PART OF MARKET ST.;
offer wanted. STRAND „ CO., 45 Third st.
©97?; CIGAR store" AND LAUNDRY
<P^i 10. office. STRAND & CO., 45 Third St.
ARDWARE-STORE, NO I LOCATION;
full value In sight. STRAND A CO., 45 Third.
<B{ 1 OCA SALOON AND RESTAURANT;
tsL^.O\J. clears $150 per month. STRAND A
CO., 45 Third st.
<sj] !\(\f\ PARTNER WANTED; LIVERY
(jpiuvw. and boarding stable; it will prove
most popular; best paying stable in city; one of
the handsomest, best appointed, and conducted In
most thorough businesslike manner; making more I
money than any other stable In the city; 27
boarders: 20 livery horses; full equipments; bug-
gies, carriages, hacks best in market: clears $300
a month; needs help. STENBERG A CO., 632 !
Market si. :■ .■
ffI»9AA LIQUOR - .STORE; THIRD ST.:
(jjOUU. transfer point. STENBERG, 632 Mkt.
©9fMin CORNER SALOON ON LARGE. I
«iD — \jyj\J. most frequented thoroughfare in the
city; first-class trade: will prove well paying:
value In sight: elegant fixtures and living-rooms 1
furnished: is an old-established place and will bear '
full investigation. STERNBERG C 0. ,632 Market. ,
\I r ANTED— RELIABLE MAN TO ATTEND I
»» cash counter; assist generally in coffee lunch- |
house; small capital required: safe investment: 1
good wages guaranteed. ■ STENBERG CO., 632 |
Market st.
CO S|\A GROCERIES; WESTERN ADDI-
<Ji>XUVJI/. tlon: full value In stock: daily re-
ceipts $40 to $50; horse and delivery-wagon; best
bargain everoffered. STENBERG CD., 632 Market
(3*l »1^ B. BAKERY: 4 FURNISHED ROOMS.
tJXZO. BARRETT-SKIFF, 921 MarKet st
ATTENTION ! PAYING AND FINELY
-TV fitted Market-st. saloon; will oe sacrificed on
account of sickness: positive proof: must sell;
make offer. BARRETT & SKIFF, 921 Market st.
WRONG MAN IN THE RIGHT PLACE- AT |
'» a sacrifice; restaurant at junction an I transfer
point. BARRETT A SKIFF, 921 Market st.
RELIABLE MAN WANTED; ESTABLISHED
cash business: will pay $70 monthly: can be
increased; $150 required. H EGA KTY, 1004 Mkt.
TO SELL YOUR BUSINESS QUICKLY FOR
forcHsh see or send to STANLEY, 21 Vi Third.
CIGAR-STORE; GOOD LOCATION;
O-wu. sto.k and fixtures; same bands 2 years;
laundry : a snap. STANLEY. 211 2 Third st.
(JJ{ 1 r.A BALOOX.WITH I LIVING ROOMS: '
l ~i*J\J. rent only *25; opp. Builders' Exchange; |
rarest chance; must be sold to-day. Inquire
WILKE, 633 California St., I'hu'tiix Bar.
*il\ PER CENT PER ANNUM GUARANTEED
— v» for Investment in well-established business.
Particulars apply to .1. 11. COULTER, 855 Broad-
way, Oakland.
1/ > ' k SALE— CIGAR-STAND and BARBER-
X I shop. 1125 Market St.; *200.
i'.l'jin route business with oro-
«JJ)OUUV/. eery-stores; clearing $200 month:
trial given. Address K. G., box 64. this office.
p ROOERY AND BAR FOR SALE; 3 LIVING.
VJT rooms: rent $20. Apply this office.
pORNKR GROCERY AND BAR: BEST LOCA-
\J tlon in the city: south of Market st.; has to sell
on account of sickness. Apply on the premises,
1128Folsom st. I
_7AA SALOON AND LUNCHHOUSE: _S-
•IT I \J\J. tHbllshed 30 years: rent $30; on Califor-
nia and Montgomery. Inquire 533 California St.,
Phcenix Bar.
\l' A NT I ' MA N TO TAKE HALF-INTER-
• ' est in a meillcineshow; small capital required;
full value in stock. Address P. D.. box 61, this
office. -".•-.•,--■•:
I>ART V. X FURNITURE AND STORAGE;
.L good business; great bargain. 414 McAllister.
OYSTER AND CHOP HOUSE CHEAP. MAKE
offer to owner, '26 Vi Kearny st., room 4. I
<•) X A RESTAURANT AND BAKERY: ;
O\J. bargain: good reason for selling. 917
Mission.
ROCERY AND SALOON; MUST BE SOLD;
VJT a bargain. Call at 332 Main st.
pHEAP— GOOD PAYING SALOON; OWNER j
\J going East. Apply 624 Sacramento st.
C» O :f) CAND V AND STATIONERY STORE.
$pOO\J. 301 Van Ness; living rms: rare bargain.
v' oTicE— 'nJEifFTN EL CAMPO, THE HOB-
J_\ by horses for the season: send bid stating the
amount you will give. - Address J. HAYDEN, 650
Market St., Chronicle building.
TOCK OF 5- ACRE POULT RANCH,
0 East Oakland, cheap. 34 Donohue building.
T HAVE THE P.KST PAYING GENERAL
X merchandise business in California; on account
of increasing business I desire 10 secure a live
energetic man to purchase half Interest: experi-
ence not necessary: must have $1000; stock
worth $3000; all cash trade; receipts over $2000 a
month. Address box 255, Lodi, Cal.
i l, IRST-CLASS CHANCE FOR PARTNER—
1 X Restaurant: small capital. F. C, box 4, Call.
7 ADY HAVING HOME WISHES TO EX-
XJ change for paying business: assume mortgage:
would rent right party; investigate. Address 1532
Polk street. , \ ' ■
GOOD-PAYING LOON WITH REST A
vJT rant and lod.ulng-house connected; in middle
of city; transfer corner: fine location and fixtures. '
Inquire 20 Lafayette St., oft' Mission, bet. Eleventh
and Twelfth. , .
EBTAURANT AND SALOON; GOOD I.OCA-
tion: a bargain. Call at premises, 3131 Mis-
sion st. . .
TfOR SALE OR LEASE: 4 SUITABLE RANCH-
X I es. for poultry, pigs or dairy. CON KLIN, Bruno
road, near six-mile House, office red flag. .
1 ■'INK CORNER GROCERY AND BAR. AP-
X ply 391/3 Turk st. -
I" OCKSMITH AND JOBBING BUSINESS FOR
XJ sale. Apply 1740 .Market st.
HOESHOP: CHEAP; WITH OH WITHOUT
machine. 406y 2 McAllister st.
XPRESS TEAM AND WAGON; GOOD
stand. Apply MRS.KLCETSCH, 431 Fifteenth.
p IVEN A WAY ; .FINK RESTAURANT: GOOD
VJ business: account departure, ('46 Howard st.
SA LOON ; LONG LEASE; LOW RENT IS
ply Anchor Brewery. 1431 Pacific st.
RANCH BAKERY: FINE. TRADE AND Ll>
cation. Apply Call Office.
ART! I V, HOTEL TO RENT; TERMS
reasonable; 5b rooms; in eooa order D* t
WEST, Martinez, Cal. uraer. v. j.
PARTNER.- IN EASY BUSINESS-
«3SOUW. $100 guaranteed. C. C. 7 KOK *
CO., 87 3y 8 Market St. . UI^ UK : _
CIHICKEN RANCH FOR RENT; 80 ACRES IV
VJ grain: $250 yearly: stock and utensils for sale
at a bargain. P. K. RYAN, 2935 WaVhi vg to n 'r*
C Th! I rd s T9ltii;iFOß CHEAP. 261
piGAR-STAND: FINE LOCATION- CHEAP
sV^ enc nd u atyj^,,^; Inquire Cor '- Cll y a * n
J^^-roo^. MATEO HOUSE AND
-I hakery; lb rooms, bakery, stable and yard;
in the town of ban Mateo. Inquire T. HIP-.
PEN, ."-an Mateo.
nV.* A^'^ OKE ' LAUNDRY OFFICE AND 3
■\J furnished rooms. 417 Hayes si. ' .
T , A P. V WANTS PARTNER WITH $50 CAPI-
XJ tal; country business. :12 Mason St., room 2. ■
ESTAURANT FOR RENT: CHEAP: FlX-
fi? 'V res an( l range, tables, etc., to start with. 900
Michigan, between Napa and Bntte sts., opposite
Union Iron Works, Potrero.
TpOR SALE— HAIR BUSINESS: NEAR BALD-
-1- win. Address H., box 105, Call Office.
ELEGANT ; $7000 HARDWARE^ STOVE,
XJ plumbing business for sale or trade. A. M.
JANES, 630 Market st.
BUSINESS CHANCES— Continued.
"2rT7T7kA~ INDUSTRIOUS MAN IN ESTAB.
,> lUUU. lisht-d cash business: paying $150
monthly: splendid investment. JOHNSTON A
CO.. 26V» Kearny st. |
__OCA PARTNER IN LIGHT BL'SINESSj
%_.OU. established over 10 years; guaranteed
to clear $20 weekly to each. 26^ Kearny st.
dtttC A BUTCHER-SHOP; OLD bSTAB-
-3t!OOU. lished: 2 horses; wagons; receipts *2«
to $25 daily: cheap rent; a sacrifice. JOHN-
STON, 26V<|* Kearny St. ■ ' •■ (
T^O^TYARPTJIaV AND GRAIN. FOR HALE;
0 horses wagons, everything In the best working
order- 20 stalls: sickness cause of selling; would
take partner 1623 Market st. -
TNTERIOR AGENCY OF THIS PAPER FOR
1 sale- nets $175 per month; good chance for
right party. Apply Call Office.
OOD BUSINESS MAN WOULD TAKE
IJT charge of business or interest of partner wish-
ing to retire, on salary or commission, or would
buy same and pay from proceeds: good references.
X, 605 Diamond sL
XRGAIN-AN OLD - ESTABLISHED PlC-
ture frame business Is ottered at a sacrafice, on
account of death of the proprietor. MRs. M. A.
BERG, 608 Thirteenth St.. Oakland.
W ELL- ESTABLISHED WOOD, COAL, FEED
W and livery stable; sickness. ¥ box 16. Call.
OfCinr FIN E old ESTA BLISHED CORNE r
»3r_<<o. saloon; positive bargain. 429 Fourth.
POOD BOARDING-HOUSE AND HOTEL;
V.T ninst be sold immediately: $200 cash neces-
sary, or will exchange for other property. Inquire
410 Kearny St., room 6. ■• .
OLD-ESTABLISHEDCOAL YARD FOR SALI3
cheap. Apply saloon. 114 O'Farrell st.
_»1 -A REST AURA -T; COMPLETE; MUST
*5)lOU. sell: owner going 606 Fourth st.
tTranch""bakery ; " good locationT
IJ leaving city. • Address N. O. P., box 62, Call.
APER ROUTE FOR SALE. TELEGRAPH-
Hill district, covers 18 blocks; can be bought,
cheap, and chances for increase are. very good. l
Apply this office, principals only. • _______
<_OF_A A BARG A IK-OYSTER AND CHOP
Jjf^OU. house; worth $500: owner going to
Alaska next month. Apply this office.
OOD PAVING CORNER SALOON AND
lodging-house of 11 rooms: death In family
the reason for selling. Apply this office. .
T7<OR RENT OR LK-A BLACKSMITH AND
X general jobbing shop, with tools and every-
thing complete: also dwelling-house, barn, wind-
mill, etc, standing on about one. acre of land cov-
ered with assorted fruit-trees; the shop has been
run for over thirty years: place located in center of
the healthiest town in California: terms easy, tot
further particulars inquire of ALL.\AM)t»
WATSON. Gilroy. Cal.
LODGING-HOUSES FOB KAI.K.
"St^TTnTwH^E^F"^^ 00 " 8 ' 1 BLOCK
«J).iUUU. from Market St.: very low rent: all
black walnut furniture; rooms always full of go™,
steady roomers: clears easily $160 per month. M.
LESS _ CO.. 7831/2 Market St. ,
A 1-KUU.M LODGING-HOUSE.— r—
44: PRICE $700— WORTH $VoOy. ■
19-room house on Sutler St.: payments *1100
12-room house on Mason st Jj'Jj
65 rooms, clearing #'200. 0n1y... 2000
60 rooms on Market St., new..... *£)!!£
'20 rooms on Fourth st., only • 600
10 rooms on Taylor st t 760
46 rooms on Market st 2500
H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market St., opposite Fifth.
(ffCA 14 ROOMS; ALL OUTSIDE AND
I «3) tO\J. fronting on O'Farmll St.; elegantly
furnished. CHARLES COLTON. 90tt Market sU
OTICE— TOO LODGING-HOUSES POR —
I 1> from $150 to $6000. STRAND, 45 Third St.
Tvjß SALE CHEAP— FURNITURE OF A 6-
X room bouse; full of roomers; 3 rooms pay rent.
Call afternoons. 3*24 Jessie st. ' :
XkT ELL-PAYING HOUSE: 12 ROOMS: A Ll*
I »» full; cheap rent; must he sold to-day; make of-
! fer. 8 Central place, off Pine, above Kearny.|
j QAO GOLDEN GATE AYE.— HOUSE; \0
Ov/O rooms; all occupied; for salecheap; 3 room*
■ pay rent.
A A I N— LODGIiNO-HOUSE OF 17 ROOMS;
cheap rent: new furniture. Apply to L.
; ANDRE. 315 Stockton st.
A«TCA MILK ROUTE AND DAIRY PRO-
O •"'''• duce store: using over 100 gallons of
milk dally. Apply at this office.
99 ROOM HOUSE; BEST SIDE STREET
— '— i south of Market: full steady roomers: same
people In the house for years; clears about $76
overrent; water free. Address C. J. N., box 140,
Call Office.
ROOMING-HOUSE:" 14 ROOMS: ALL OCCU-
XV pied; reasonable: cheap rent. 719' 2 Howard.
FUKNITUKE FOR SALE.
I""^JR?OTuICe 63^ : mjR^R^iO^lS~FbR"sALB
cheap. 27171,4s Harrison st.
j FOR SALE- COMPLETE FURNISHINGS OP
J- a 7-room flat: comparatively new; In good
: condition. Call and examine, 1360 Grove st., Oak-
land.
P FURNITURE OF TWO HOUSEKEEPING
JT rooms, cheap. 17 Luskin st. bet. Eighth and
Ninth, off Mission; please call and examine.
TU'K.MTTHK OF 2 ROOMS FOR SALK AT A
r bargain. 1205V2 Bush st.
H" G. KRASKY, Ft RN I TV h E AND BKH^
• ding: new folding-beds, $9 and up: step-lad-
i ders, 20c per step; furniture exchged. 779 Mist 10:1.
I IjMRE BALE ! *
; X Prices stand till goods , are completely dis-
I posed of.
! oak bed sets $18 50
I Bed lounges 8 00
i Stoves 7 50
\ Carpets, per yard -.' .-*-■: 65
; Linoleum, per yard 55
Matting, peryard 10
Till our new building Is erected these prices will
'■ stand. Till such time we are conducting business
' at SE. corner Seventh and Mission sis. J.
1 NOON AN.
i A(\l\ CARPETS; CHAMBER SETS, $14;
' IUU stoves, $5: parlor sets, $20: folding-beds,
$10; bed-lounges, $7. T. D. MCCARTHY, 112 4th.
ROOMS FURNITURE, NEW $75
Uedlounges trimmed with plush $5 50
I Brussels Carpet, laid .../ 45c up
English Linoleum, laid 400 up
Window shades In s colors. . . ' 25c up
SHIRKS - SHIREK. 747 Market stl." ' opposlt*
Grant avenue: no branch stores.
FURNITURE WANTED.
j TJ " MAYER BUYS YOUR FURNITUIikT
I XX . carpets, piano. 1135 Market; tel. Jessie 761.
pALL ON J. C- MUTHKR, 521 KEARNY. IF
\J you want highest cash price for your furniture
j or merchandise of any kind.
AM ALONE PAYS '20 PER CENT MORR
than elsewhere for furniture to fill country
orders. Leave orders at KING'S, 3 Fourth wt.
CARPET CLEANING.
TyHEN TOU U B-COMK DISGUfeIT-i) \v I 1 _
»» poor work send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Car-
pet Beating Works, 353-57 Tehama st. ; tel. So. 40.
pONKLIN'SCARPKT BEATING WORKS. 333
\J Golden Gate aye.; telephone east 126.
GREAT EASTERN STEAM CARPET CLEAN.
Ing Works. Tel. So. 576: 14 Bth st. B. Grant.
CITY STEAM CARPETCLEANINO.REN'OVA-
/ Ung. 38 Bth. STEVENS, mgr. Tel. South 250.
JONES CO. CARPET CLEANING AND
0 renovating works. Main office 83 and 27 8:h.
RE AT WESTERN STEAM CARPET-BE
Ing works; latest Improved machinery: 3c yard.
G. OEORGK.oiii.-,. 11 Eighth st.: phone Jessie 253.
CARPKTS CLEANED, 3c PER YARD; RE-"
\J laid. 6c per yard. S. STRATTON, IB Eighth.
CIARPETS CLKANF.D AND RENOVATED
\-> ilke new. FERGUSON _ CO., 23 Tenth- t»L
South 86. D. MACKINTOSH &CO.. successors.
JE. MITCHELL CARPET CLEAN ING CO. 24(1
. 14th st. ; cleaning 3c a yard. Tel. Mission 74.
J MCQUEEN'S CARPET BEATING AND REN-
v . ovatlng works. 453 Stevenson: ml. south '228.
HORSES. J
F^lS^T^Cl7A^S^AlnjL^^ND^X\R^
horse for sale; sound; gentle; 7 years old. Ap
ply stable, 2412 Gough St. H
ILK-WAGON. horse AND HARNESS FOR
sale: $70. 1418 Alabama st., near Army.
4fj HOUSES FOR SALE; ALSO WAGONS,
« v buggies, carts, harness; Grand Arcade Hors*
Market, 327 Sixth st.; auction sales every Wednes-
day. SULLIVAN & DoYLE, Auctioneers. |
"1 OH BjsTS SECONEkHXND~HXRNESS; ALL
■•" ' kinds; second-hand wagons, buggy, carts;
I also 20 cheap horses. Fifteenth and Valencia sts.
HORSES PASTURED: SEND FOR CIRCU-
Iar. The Hyde Ranch, 630 Commercial st. ..
T?OR SALE —16 HEAD YOUNG, SOUND
■I work horses: weight 1000 to 1600 pounds. Haclc
and Sale Stables. 1012 Howard st., near Mxth.
BART SULLIVAN. Proprietor. ... , .
IF YOU WANT -TO BUY. SELL OR EX-
change horses, buggies, wagons or harness you
will rind It to your advantage to call at Derby Sale
Stable, cor. Geary and Leavenworth sts.: auction
I sales every Tuesday at 11 o'clock. c. R. martin
I proprietor. S. W ATKINS, auctioneer. • *
.Q UNSET HORSE MARKKT, 220 VALENCIA—
0 Horses, mules, wagon*, buggies and harness. -
1 SETS NEW A '" SECOND-HAND HAR-"
XO\J ness: all kinds; wagons, buggies, horses and
scrapers- sand-wagons." 1128 Mission st. 1
R. C. H. WESTPHAL, VETERINARY SUR."
K-eon for S. F. Police Depart.ment. . Office an*
hospital, 121 City Hali aye.: telephone south 401.
WAGONS AND CARRIAGES.
i7<OR SALE — A FI KST-CLASs"~SArSnLRI
J. horse; sound and gentle; will also work in h^r.
ness. Apply Foreman at 2412 Oough st. ■ ""^
E\V LIGHT EXPRESS WAGON . ToF"pOLE"
■l> made to order. 107 New Montgomery. '
ATTORNEYS-AT-LAW. ~
'TD^7c_'FREE-DlVoTiC^_rWS~^^
XX. alty; private;: do charge unless successful- all
lawsuits, claims, collections, wills, deeds etc ' __-
tended to. G. W. HOWE, att'y-at-law. 850 Market.
m J. MURRAY. ATTY AND COUNSELOR AT
X .law; advice free. 24 Sixth St., rooms 14, 15,
"IVT W. DA VIDSON.ATTORNEY-A r^^wfTiJo
TT . California st., rooms 14 and 15: advice free.
M, J. NOLEN, ATTORNEY - AT- _A\V 7ia
. Market St.; advice free. 71 *HOUSES TO LET.
HOUSK • BOOMS A\U ha I li. lUVNV 81DK
Bush st., N't. Brcderick and Baker; rent
cheap. Apply 2712 Bush st.
<»7 ANDS6 EACH— YARD, WATER, SEPA-
VF ' • rate: Elm a»e. Apply at 1512 G. G. aye.
•li HOtTSK~6 ""ROOMS:" CLARA NEAR
<gli. Fifth and Celler. 325 Fifth.
fl«Qn 8 ROOMS: LAHtiE SUNNY YARD.
. O O\J . 2527 Pin* St.. near Scot ; see it.
TT OUSE 6 ROOMS, 242 HARRIET ST., BELOW
II Harrison, nr. Sixth.
OUSE OF 7 ROOMS, WITH ALL' MODERN
XX Improvements. 733 Turk street.
-WE RENT MANY MOUSES BECAUSE WE
»t treat people right. BALDWIN & HAM-
MOND. 10 Montgomery si.
OUS~fT 10 ROOMS. AND RARN~i V 1; H V
cheap. Apply NICOL. 6:^4V 2 California i. _
COTTAGES TO LLT. .
COTTAGE. 4 ROOMS. HATH. M BYINGTON
\J St., off Webster, nr. Ellis.
■ CO] ELLIS ST.— TWO ROOMS IN REAR
uOl bouse; rent 96.
19] EUREKA, BET. 18th AND 19th— 1 SUN-
I«.I ny rooms; hall: basement: invu:rd: rent
9XI; Castro cable or Eighteenth-st. electric-car.
QQXA COTTAGE, 3 ROOMS: PROSPECT
•jOou. aye., bet. Twenty-seventh and lwenty-
elghih sts., near Mission.
FURNISHED FLATS.
I QRABY *- -MALI SUNNY FLAT,
I <) — £ nicely fiirnisl)»-d : ¥25.
FLATS T^J^^^^^~~~~
. I.> 6.V2 JK-SIK ST. 3-80031 UPPER
SI-:. tint. JAMES B. Ii ROOKS, 214 Pine St..
rooms 5S and 59. . ■
*1 Q flat 4 rooms. 125 page st,, BET.
*J-LO. Gouyh and Octal la, ■_
1 OK. PAGE ST., BET. OOUOB AND OCTA-
-IZ.O via— Flat of 4 rooms $13 50-
nn-i six 111 -r\ ny FLAT; 8 ROOMS AND
v)J bath: water free.
MODERN SUNNY FLATS ON OAPP ST.
Dot- Mission and Howard. Twenty-second and
Twenty-third, containing 5 and 6 rooms, baths,
mantel fireplaces, with larce separata back yard,
«-tc. : rent ill suit you. Call at office, O'FARRELL
A CO.. 11 Montgomery st.
1 A ROOMS, NR- SIXTH AND HOWARD STS.;
1 U rent 928. SPF.CK * CO., 602 Market st.
1 CA7 STF'.N !:. NEAR SUTTER-LOWER
-JLCVM flat, 5 modern large sunny rooms: bath.
YEAR 'CITY HALL- 2 FLATS, 6 ROOMS
-> each, 141 Grove St., $20: 10 Grove St., $24.
<%! Q NEW BAY-WINDOW FI.AI: I'LIGHT
JlO. rms.. bath, gas, tubs. 909 Folnom, nr. sth.
I 'HO OAK-MODTRN FLAT; 8 ROOMS AN I>
OU— bath: sunny side; rent reasonable,
1011 TWENTY-THIRD ST., NEAR CAS-
J. — *1 L tro— Lovely sunny fvroom flat; every
convenience; rent 917; water free.
no PROSPER ST., OFF SIXTEENTH, BET.
— O Noe and Sanchez— Lovely tunny 5-room
flat: rent $17: water free.
V F.W. ELEGANT, UP PER SUNNY MODERN
5 -L> flat; 6 rooms and bath. 933 Golden Gate aye,
£17 7 ROOMS AND BATH; SW. CORNER
•5 1 I . Scott and Ellis sts.; upper flat.
XTPPEK'FLAT: 5 LARGE SUN~>Y ROOMS.
L J 133 Lily aye.: key 136 Page st.
U.NNY FLATS; 812 ELLIS ST., M'- POLK;
3 rooms: yard; basement; $20.
ODERN SUNNY LOWER 4-KOOM FLAT
1694 Page st., cor. Clayton. Golden Gate Park.
"\IODEftN FLAT: ~~7 ROOMS AND BATH;
i»l reasonable. 1719 Halg'it st. ■
1-M.AT OF 3 ROOMS. -'56 HARRIET ST., BE-
' low Harrison, near Sixth.
UNNY CORNER FLAT: 6 ROOMS; BATH;
basement; latest improvements. 1541 Eddy..
"firK RENT MANY FLATS BECAUSE WE
>> treat people right. BALDWIN & HAM-
MOND, 10 Montgomery st.
■VTEW FLAT OF 7 ROOMS. 554 CHURCH
i-> st., cor. Hancock, near Eighteenth.
SUNNY FLATS; 3 AND 4 ROOMS; BATH;
garden; $13 and $16. 1706 Post.
C; 1 ' LOVELY FLAT; 5' SUNNY ROOMS
C*X O. and bath: newly papered and painted. 814
Nineteenth st.. bet. Nee and Sanchez.
\\r EBSTER 207-209— SUNNY FLATS, 6 AND
' » 7 rooms; rent $25, 927 50.
CM FOR THE BEST 6- ROOM new"flat
X£t with bath in this city; water free; investi-
gate the place and save money. 529 Ivy aye.
YEW SUNNY FLAT: ROOMS AND BATH;
J.X was 920. now $13 50; Castro cable; see photo-
graph. HOVEY. 808 California ot.
C. AS) HAVES. BUCHANAN— 2 FLATS
vj- of 3 and 6 sunny rooms, bath, etc
LEGANT NEW FLATS, SEVENTH ST., BE-
u low Brvant. 5 and 6 rooms. bath: $8 to -$16.
HOUSEKEEPING KOO3IS.
__~-^-^. Broderick Street.
1 Ql 1 BBODERICK-3 ROOMS ANDBaTH;
i'Jll suitable tor light housework; no childien.
Bryant Street, j
I I AT BRYANT— SIX CORNER-ROOMS COM-
XX\JX pletely furnished lor housekping;rentlow
California Street.
"I AOA CALIFORNIA— 2 SUNNY HOUSE.
Xrtt.)rt keeping rooms, with gas, bath, stove and
running water, $12.
Eddy Street.
"I C EDDY— 3 SUITES: NICELY FURNISHED
LU for housekeeping; 912. 14 and 91 6 per mo.
1 Ofi A EDDY-NICELY FURNISH ED HOUS£>
X£.\J keeping rooms: also sunny suite.
QA EDDY — UNFURNISHED AND FUR-
*JG\J ntshed rooms, housekeeping, $10; others,
$4 and $5.
Eighth Street.
rrwo sunny rooms in rear of 221
J. Eighth St.; rent 95.
Kllig Street.
-no ELLIS— 2 CONNECTING FURNISHED
*J\J<J rooms, complete for housekeeping; large
yard.
Fourth Street.
99' FOURTH-FURNISHED ROOMS SUIT-
_~<J able for light housekeeping; also single.
Fifth Street.
991 FIFTH-NICE FURNISHED HOUSE-
•miiiX keeping and tingle rooms: cheap.
4> 1 A FIFTH— SUNNY BEDROOM AND
*-*•» * kitchen; running water; bath; private; no
children.
099 FIFTH-2 ROOMS FURNISHED FOR
•> — — housekeeping; cheap rent.
09^ FIFTH— CLEAN FURNISHED HOUSE-
•J±'*J keeping, 3 rooms, 913; single room, $5.
4 9QI FIFTH-FRONT ROOM AND KITCH-
J-—IJ2 en, furnished complete for housekeeping.
C r.9 FIFTH, NEAR HOWARD-SUITE OF
%JxJ-* rooms for housekeeping, also 2 single rooms.
Folaom street.
Q£Q FOLSOM-LAHGE SUNNY FURNISHED
.OUO bedroom and kitchen; yard; complete
housekeeping. _:....';'
1 »jTIPFOLgbM, COR. NINTH— FRONT BAY-
X^tX window rooms; kitchen; 910, 912 50:
others. -r- » -\
Harrison Street.
. COO HARRISON, NR. THIRD— FRONT AND
I OO back parlor for housekeeping: rent 914.
Hermann Street.
99 HERMANN-3 SUNNY front rooms
--— for housekeeping, 97: upstairs.
Howard Street.
HACk howard— a OR 3 SUNNY ROOMS
tiO nicely furnished for housekeeping; private
family.
q^U HOWARD- FURNISHED SUNNY
' tJitJ housekeeping rooms, single or en suite.
1 1 ft') HOWARD-1 OR » HOUSEKEEPING
1 1 v<-. rooms: pleasant place.
1 14.9 HOWARD-2 FRONT sunny BAY-
J J t_ window housekeeping rooms; range; rent
?• 1 00.
1 fifta HOWARD — 2 Oil a FURNISHED
-LVJKJU rooms, bay-window, complete for house-
keeping; gas; private family; rent reasonable.
Alitinit <»iveet.
4J7 MINNA- 2 LARGE, SUNNY. NEATLY
■ • - 1 - * furnished rooms suitable for housekeeping.
4(T MINNA — 1 SHED ROOMS FOR
*J^KJ housekeeping; large yard.
Wl^x MINNA—SUNNY FRONT ROOMS COM-
*J * *J plete for housekeeping.
• Ill 1 M'N N A - LARGE FURNISHED
- 1 - x *£ tousBk«eping bay.wludow room; cheap:
DO children.
■3QB -ilissn.il street. — — —
091 -MISSION -SUNNY HOUSEKEEPING
y~l rooais; single and unites: 95 up.
1 *21 U 11s^'on si.-fi;rnished house-
.l — 1 •' keeping rooms complc:n; no children.
1222 sf?£. lOIf - l 'QR - LARGE FTJK--
- I*"^ nlshed rooms complete for housekeeping.
Moss Scraet.
1 O MOSK, Olf HOWARD, NEAR SEVENTH
1U — Jw ° furnished rooms tor housekeeping. - - ;
>atoma Street.
605 J iA T MA - 2 I'ARGB FURNISHED
\j\j*j front rooms for housekeeping; also single.
GAPL *ATOMA— TWO SUNNY FURXJSHE'D
Uttc? rooms complete for hoiiKekeepiiiK: 9P. |
Ninth Street. ; , "• \ '-.
■ 1 9fil NI^TH- FRONT HOUSEKEKPINa
J ~\Jii and single rooms; 91 to 93 per week. •
Seventh Street.
■1 07 SEVENTH— TWO SUITES FURNISHED
X O^l housekeeping rooms: rent $8 and «10. -
- 1 SEVENTH - LARGE ROOMS FOR
lOt bousekeeplas; complete; reasonable.
HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS — Continued.
South Park. • ' t '
• ■ • ... ___^^ . ' \
09 SOUTH PARK— I OR 2 LARGE SUNNY
O£ rooms furnished for houseiceep ng-
li'U"isHii Street.
yfAQ STEVENSON ST. CORNER FIFTH— 2
ttUO rooms furnished complete for housekeeping.
:"- "i— ■ ■ v Teliama Street.
71 7 TEHAMA.BET. EIGHTH AND NINTH—
111 Two rooms for .housekeeping; rent
'Washington Street.
>%09 WASHINGTON - SUNNY UNFU R- I
O\'-~ nished housokeeplng rooms; running water. I
.'■■! I •.!■•■! l:i-.ieou».
SW. COR. HAVES AND LAGUNA-SUNNY
tT* bay-window rooms, suitable for doctor. *
ROOMS TO LET.
tight h street.
QHERMAN APARTMENT HOUSE, 28 BTH
0 si., near Market; furnished and unfurnished.
! Ins street.
THE RAMON A, 130 ELLIS ST., SAN FRAN-
-1 Cisco, MRS. KATE S. HART, manager— Just
opened; a newly furnished, well-appointed, quiet ;
house, containing 160 rooms, large and small; i
sunny rooms, single or en suite; gas and electricity,
hot and cold running water in each room; elevator
and fire escapes: situate convenient to the busi-
ness center of the city, principal hotels and thea-
ters; electric-cars direct ;o ferry and park pass the
door.
•;-■ Fifth Street.
I fjQ FIFTH— SUNNY SINGLE AND DOUBLE
±W rooms to let, from 91 60 to $3 a week.
i olsom Street,
<J>/» LARGE SUNNY FURNISHED FRONT |
<JpD. room for lor 2. 736 Folsom st. |
OQQI FOLSOM— 2 FRONT ROOMS; CHEAP.
000% a young men, or man and wife.
Cieary Street.
91 Q GEARY— LARGE FRONT ROOM SUIT-
— 1 • > able for business. Key 217.
Golden Ohio Avenue.
91 Q GOLDEN GATE AYE. — FURNISHED
— jX»7 double and single rooms; reasonable.
G OLD E N GATE A V . — NICELY FUR- !
OOU nlshed rms. ; suitable for 1 and 2; 98 and 99. j
Grant Avenue.
1 I />A GRANT AYE.-LARGE SUNNY
li-U front and back rooms, single and en j
suite: all modern 1 improvements, stationary f
stands, grates, tiling, etc. Prices, single rooms 91
a week, double rooms 91 60, front suites 92 a week.
Harrison Street. -\ : V
A-\ Q HARRISON (RINCON HILL)— LARGE
■jt.Lv Bunnyroom; bath.
CXX HARRISON-FINE FURNISHED ROOM
UOO suitable for 2 or 3: running water.
Howard Street.
719 HOWARD-SUNNY SINGLE ROOMS, 91
I o:^ a week; also double, cheap.
QQQ HOWARD (THE ORLANDO)— NICELY j
I'Ow furnished rooms, single and suites, from
91 50 to 93 50 per week; open all night: transient.
Jessie Street.
OQQ JESSIE, BET. FOURTH AND FIFTH—
DiJt' Sunny housekeeping rooms; reasonable.
Jones Street.
907 JONES — THE VAN WINKLE: NEW
—V' I management; elegant ninny suites and
single; newly furnished; bain, etc. ; SlO to *HO.
Kearny Street.
1 f\± KEARNY— FURNISHED FRONT SUITE
XU"± with use of piano 20; unfurnished $15\
A RLIJNGTON MOUSE, 127 KK AKNY-PLEA3-
A ant sunny rooms, en suits and single; first class
in every respect; terms reasonable. ..."•.
Lark in Street. ' ; >:
1717 LARKIN(FIKST FLAT)— ROOM
111 private family: 96: references exchanged.
Mark*-: -tree..
"VOSEMITE HOUSE, 1045 MARKET -PER
X night, 35c to 91; week, 91 50 to $5: families.
Martha- Place.
6 MARTHA PLACE, OFF GEARY. NR. TAT-
lor Sunny room, 8; private house.
Mason Street.
1 (\n MASON- 2 SUNNY, ELEGANTLY FUR-
-1 \J\) nlshed front rooms; also single. •
Mm mi >ireui.
/jrrr MINNA— SUNNY FURNISHED FRONT
tO i room for light housekeeping.
Mil MINNA. COR. BTH— NEWLY FURNISH-
-00 4 ed bay-window rooms: 91 week; transient.
■/;,-■'.'■;■■-;.' \. *«"V?' : ; ■: .Mission street. _ . . , r _ .■_
•I ~(\ MISSION— SINGLE ROOMS, 16c NIGHT,
*>•'*" 91 week: doable room 25c night.
EUROPE HOUSE, 1169 MISSION— NICELY
furnished rooms, single or en suite; transients.
Moss Street.
C MOSS— 4 ROOM& ,-•
0 .
Ninth Street.
9' NINTH-NICELY FURNISHED ROOMS;
— O single and suites.
lQ' NINTH - FURNISHED ROOM SUIT-
XO«J able ior2 men.
Oak Street.
A Q OAK — $5;; BUNNY ROOMS FOR RE-
jO gpectable working women; private; day
home for children.
Octavia Street.
1n O OCTAVIA, COR. WEBSTER— CLEAN,
X \J±. sunny front room.
O'Farreil street.
79Q 1 O'FARRELL— NICELY' FURNISHED
4 — < >•» rooms in private family; gents preferred.
1 a o] O'FARRELL— nicely FURNISHED
HOI front room, suitable for 1 or 2 gentlemen;
reasonable. «• «-"t, '>'"■...
Fine Street.
PINE— ROOMS FOR GENTLEMEN; 96
\j£X up; BUnny, quiet; gas; running water.
Folk Street.
Ql O POLK -ELEGANTLY FURNISHED AL-
t/lo cove sunny front room: bay-window; new
carpets, furniture; suitable for 2 young men or
couple; also handsomely furnished single- rooms;
gas, bath: running water. - ■'
1 91 A IPuLK - LARGE FURNISHED ROOM.
J- ■fa' It 2 suitable for man and wife or 2 gentlemen.
Post Street.
KflO NICELY FURNISHED SUNNY
*J\JO rooms: suites or single; very reasonable.
7AA POST- LARGE SUNNY" ( 'OR KR AL-
-1 \JVJ cove room; hot and cold water; gag;
grate; bath; for lor 2 gentlemen.
I'oivell Street!
99c POWELL, COR. OEARY— LARGE FUR-
***■" rushed sunny corner room.
sixth Street.
m SIXTH— CHEAPEST IN CITT; FUR-
nlshed single rooms.
Stockton Street.
41 7 STOCKTON-SINGLE FRONT; ROOM
ttX I 95, one at 96, sunny: week or month.
Gutter Street.
THE ALF,XANDRIA, 781 SUTTER— ELE-
gant rooms: first-class dining-room; elevator.
Tenth Street. ""
Q941 TENTH- NEATLY FURNISHED
O^tv room. ■•■■■■ '
liuKi street.
WINCHESTER HOUSE-44 THIRD. NEAR
»» Market; most convenient and respectable- 20U
rooms 26c to 91 BO per night ; «1 60 to $« per week: :
eiectnc lights Id even- room: wading r'm : irao bus.
BOARDING AND ROOMS,;
Q'Jir POST, NR. HYDE-~silrh.LV FURNISIID
*-)<JU large front room; good board lor 2 gents.
lino BUSH-WELL-FURNISHED SUNNY
xxxjo rooms, with or without board ; references.
£9] suasc-suN v FRONT sun WITH
KJAX tine board, for two 930; single, 920.
109 "b'FA It KLL - PLEASANT HOME;
I VJU first-class table: sunny suite or single.-
Ti\ 9 POST — »est~tXble^boahd, »is a
11— month: sunny single room with board, «20:
all the comforts of home. , - ■■..-.. J
MICELY " FURNISHED ROOMS: UNSOR-
Xi passed for neatness and comfort; 50c, 75c and
$1 per day; 92, $2 50, 93 per week and up; 98 to
$30 mo. Hiickmeler's Hotel. GEO. ORUENia, Pr.
BEST TABLE BOARD IN THE CITY; «4 85
week. 910 a month, at Hackmcier's Hotel.
HACK ME 1 1: R'S^aOTEL, 123-129 EDDY ST "
new management: GKOROE ORUENIG, pro^
prletor; board and room 96 and : 96 a week and up.
HOTEL BKRTLING. 714 i>USH-A FAMILY
hotel: references given and required: all mod-
ern conveniences. -;*:».•. '■•]'■,,•■• ■■_•>■:: .-. ■r-;•- ■*
.CHEAPEST AND BEST IN AMERICA-THE
17 WEEKLY CALL, sent to any address In the
United Suites or Canada one year for 51 60 post-
fZ(- free. • . ; , . vT" ;
. CHILDKEN BOAKOED,'
Vfu RSK^WANTK I N^FANTOR^OL DE iTcHILD
X\ to board; very reasonable. 2919 S-ixieenth st.
W ANTED-UHILD TO BOARD: "n7?Fun dkr
'I i years; be"»t of carp. Apply this ortict.
ANTKD— 2 OK. 3 CHILDREN ill Boa mi;
good clean home and eood care; terms reason-
able; all one family prpfered. • 1431 Sanchez st.,
near Twenty-ninth, Mfssion-su car.
ONE OK MORE CHILDREN TO BOARD-
r mother 1 care; reasonable. 134 Collins st. '
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, APRIL 8, 1896.
STORES TO LET. . ,
O~TIIET~CH^AP^sIirATLTB*ItAN / CH^^
cry, with rooms. r Twentieth, near Castro: 912.
pORNER BTORE, 421 THIRD ST.? LARGE
\J cellar; well suited for saloon or grocery-store.
STORE ABLE BUTCHER OR FRUIT-
-118 Fiilmore st. ; cheap rent. Inquire rear.
41 U FOURTH-SMALL STORE. WITH ROOM
SA&cCT Mont^n\ery^ y ** "' "'
OFFICES TO LET. —
OPRECKELS, BUILDING. 927 > MARKET—
0 Elegant sunny offices; low rent; electric-light;
beating and janitor service free. Apply at build-
ing or G. H. UMBSEN & CO., 14 Montgomery st.
(CALIFORNIA SAFE DEPOSIT BUII/prNG^
\J Offices 910 and upward, including janitor's ser-
vices, heut, electric and gas lights. Apply at room
622J0 A. K. BUCKINGHAM. ■> m
EASTERBROOK BUILDING, 20 AND 24
Geary St.; very central; modern ' offices; ele-
vator: electric lights; cheap. Apply room 32.
STABLES TO LET. ? '
QT^^E^u^~r^O^SEsTT'HEAP; 735
kJ Brannan st.
IJEAUTIFUL LARGE STABLE; 2414 CALI-
-icl e? rn i a | St ' : reDt c * eapL A PP Iy * oom a P. Chron-
HOTKL TO let.
HOTEL T<)~LET^HE~\viLir«^pTELL
L House, 317-819 Bush St.: this well-known
hotel is thoroughly renovated and considerably
improved and may compare with the best secoud-
class hotel in I his town. MADISON A BURKE."
; PIANOS, VIOLINS, ETC, :
I^XO FINE new" upkigUFTfianol
fJTXtjyj. this is a big bargain. 115 Seventh st.
<Et]9'S UPKIGHT PIANO: GOOD . CONDI.:
V,,- fu * U0 " : C * Sh Or installments. JOB Mo-
-'. Ulster si.
T ADY OBLIGED TO PART WITH HER
-»^ steinway ).iano offers it at agreat sacrifice; im-
mediate sale necessary. Room 10, 809 Market st.
QQ^v PIANO; GOOD CONDITION. SCHMITZ,
<glOtJ.lt) McAllister st., next Hlbernia Bank.
(DjXA. ELEGANT PIANO: FIRST-CLASS
*U;o\-/. make, 95 installments. 221 Le&venwoith.
A LL you; want is' value FOR YOUR
-^»- money; investigate these prices and be con-
vinced; the new seven-bar uutoharps£- the five-
.w r »- ■ 1110 ' 1 * 1 '] 1 $4 ; a seventeen inlaid rosewood
ribbed mandolin 25: the orlze-wiuner guitar
25; solid walnut and oak organs, new, 947 60;
elegant new upright pianos In any style case, wal-
nut, mahogany, oak, $187; one trial will convince
y t° u - J- HARRY SCOTT, 929 Market at., Spreck-
el's building.
oi» MONTHLY installments- 1 • NEW
KPy Emerson rosewood upright; 8 pedals and
iolding cover: price 9X76. -418 Kills, room 22.
pi-a.NOS — 590, 9100, ]^150: " GREAT BAR-
-- gains. MAUVA 157 69 Market st. : ,
A SHAW, *425: 2 STEIN WAYS, 9216, 9195:
sommer, *185; squares. $25, $55: rents $2
up, allowed on purchase. : HEINE, 386 Ellis st.
/^ELEBRATED HAINES BROS., BUSH ■16
\J Gens and Knabe p anos: being overstocked
wholesale prioes will rule during the next 30 days.
A. L, BANCROFT A Co., 88* Post St., 8. F.
j A RRIVKD— LOT OF CELEBRATED HIGH-
-f»- grade T. L. Neumann pianos; prices and terms
moderate. H. LVEDERS, 82 Ninth st.
A RE YOU.DtbIROUS OF-t)BTAINING A
-*»- good piano at a low price and upon very easy
terms? Then investigate our new rent-contract
plan. SHERMAN, CLAY a- CO., Steinway repre.
sentatlvesfor the Pacific Coast, SW. cor. liearuy
and Sutter ats. ■
\4T M. G. BADGER, 28 O'FARRKLL. ROOM 1,
•* first floor; sole agents llallet v Davis pianos;
pianos, organs sold for cash or installments.
TEINWAY. $165; WEBEit. $260: SMALL
upright, 980; bargains. BRUENN, 228 Post.
pONOVEB PIANOI A 8 GOOD AS NEW;
I V great sacrifice. Thu F. W. bPENCER COM-
! FASfY. 338 Post st. . ; . . .■:,.■
hTckeringTknabk, STECK.VOSE, STER-
\J ling pianos: see our new piano 9187; pianos
ior renL BENJ. CURTAZ & SON. 18 O'Farreli.
~<Si 1 7k 'CASH OR INSTALLMENTS: WEBER
<IP J- • «-*. upright: perfect order 1019 Van Ness.
1 \ECKER BROS., BTEINWAV.FISCHER AND
■*-' other erst -class makes of pianos: little used;
cheap for cash or on easy terms. K.OHLEK &
j CHASE. 28 and 30 O'Farreli «t. •
1? AS V TERMS;. LOW PRICES. KOHLER &
CHASE.
i TJYRON MAUZY, 308 TOST ST.-ROHMER,
I ■*-* .\ewhy <fc Evans, BriKSS and other pianos.
j CUPERIOR VIOLIN*, ZITHERIS. OLD ANEW
O H. Ml 1.1.KH. mnker. repairer. - !*:iium nlaoe.
EDUCATIONAL.
A"~^REs73^rjTo3?TG7sMEi^"^TTri^rjrvi*K
•^-v ual instruction in shorthand, typing,
bookKeeping, etc.; life scholarship 960; low rates
per ween and month. •
GUITAR MANDOLIN. PIANO AND VOCAL
lessons: 93 ma MARY' WESTHAUS, 39 Fifth.
A RS. MELVILLE SNYDER, STUDIO 614 SUT-
j >»-•-. ter; teacher vocal music,, piano, elocution:
I dramatic elocution a specialty; vocal Shakespear-
| fan classes; stago dancing; nilnuet. gavotte, etc.
I « e n ch. < i 1 (Man . SPANISH— EVENING
X classes; 92 month. School, Flood building.
SPANISH, FRENCH ACADEMY. CASTILIAN
and Parisian. 8 lessons w.; 93 m. Maze bid, r.37.
BOOKKEEPING TAUGHT PRACTICALLY,
better than In any college on earth; 6 wks: no
one teaches my rapid calculations. TARR.6S9 Mkt.
A CADEMY OF DANCING. MIBBEBHUDDY;
-^1- private and class. 6a Hyde: terms moderate.
UKENCH.SPANISH.ETC; Prof.DE PILIPPE'S
X Academy of Languages, 320 Post st lestab'd 1871
1 OBEPH GREVEN, -.VOICE -"IMPROVER.- 82
0 Ninth st. ■
V P a I SH, FRENCH, GERMAN; MODERATE.
Melsterschaft School Languages, 122 O'Farreli se
'OICE BUILDING. PANTOMIME AND ACT-
V ing. LEO COOPER, 814 Geary st.
A YRES. THE LEADING SHORTHAND COL-
-^V. lege: individual instruction; 4 months' course;
cay and evening 325 Montgomery st.
BE LA SCO'S LYCEUM SCHOOL OF ACTING—
Private theatricals arranged; pupils rehearsed
on stage. R. 5 and 12, 1.0.0. F. block, 7th and Mkt.
SCHOOL ELECTRICAL, CIVIL, MINING, ME-
O chanical engineering, surveying, architecture,
assay; estab. '64. VAN DER NAILLEN, 723 MkL
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, IMPOST ST.
Bookkeeping, buelneu practice, shorthand,
typing, electrical engineer.' ng:, telegraphy, medera
lmguagea rapidly taught. Write for catalogue.
V IGHTbCHOOL-.tIKALD'SBUS. COLLtA, ii
Xi Post: com mercinl, shorthand. English : low ra'ei
\riOLI.N, MANDOLIN, CELLO, BANJO- REA-
V sonable. PROF. FRANCIS. 1045 Vi Valencia.
/ IHEMISTRY~A~NI> ASSAYING. CUNNING-
\J barn's Schooi. .or. Onnrv aiKl l'o^v^<^l| his.
LEGAL NOTICES."
"VTOTICE TO CREDITORS— E3T AT E^oTTjULIA
-li A. M. COLLINS, deceased. Notice Is hereby
given by the undersigned, administratrix of the es-
tate of said deceased, to the creditors of, and all per-
sons having claims against the said deceased, to ex-
hibit them with the necessary vouchers within four
months after the first publication of this notice, to
the said udmlnistratrlx, at the office of Page. Mc-
Cutchen & Eells, room 5, ninth floor, Mills build-
ing, the same being the place for the transaction
of the business of the said estate, In the City and
County of San Francisco, State of California.
BERTHA L. ANDERSON, tdmiuistratrix- of
tbe estate of JULIA A. M. COLLINS, deceased.
Dated at San Francisco. April 1. 1896.
CUTY AND COUNTY TKA.AUUAY, sTjT
) Francisco. .March 21, 1896,— 1n compliance
with the provisions of section 5 of order 1698 of
the Board of Supervisors, approved September 15 -
1880, there will be sold at public autlon by K. H.
Spear & Co., at their salesrooms, 31 and 33 Sinter
street, on MONDAY, April 20, 1896, at 10 o'clock
a. m., sundry articles of stolen, lost and unclaimed
property recovered by r the police force of Wan
Francisco, as detailed in an inventory thereof on
file in the oflice of the Clerk of the Board of Super-
visors, and consisting of jewelry, wearing apparel,
pistol*, knives, etc. I Open for inspection on- morn-
ing of sale. :■■■ . . A. C. WIDBER, -
■ --.-•■- City and County Treasurer. -
IN THE SUPERIOR COURT OF THE STATS
of California in and for the City and County of
Son .Francisco. Department No. 10.
In the matter of the application for ; voluntary
dissolution of ''The San Ysldro Investment Com-
pany" (a corporation). Notice .of bearing. . No.
13,948.
. rllottce' Is hereby given that The San Ysidro In-
vestment Company, a corporation formed under
the laws of the State of California, has presented
to the Superior Court of the State of California in
and for the City and County of San Francisco an
application praying . to be * dissolved, and ■ that
MONDAY, the 20th day of April, 1898, at the
hour of 10 o'clock a. m. of that day, or as soon
thereafter as counsel can he beam, ana the court-
room of Department No. 10 of said Superior Court
in and for the City and County of San Francisco, at
the new City Hall, San Francisco, California, are
nppolnted as the time and place at which said ap-
plication will be heard. ■■:•
. In witness whereof 1 have hereunto set my hand
and affixed the seal of said Superior Court this
12th day of March, 1896. • .
[Seal.]' C. F. CURRY, County Clerk.
* - • By WM. R. A. JOHNSON,
Deputy County Cleric and ex-ofliclo Deputy Clerk
of tho Superior Court. -■■ ; .
DONALD Y. CAMPBELL, Attorney for Peti-
tioners. -■•,..•• -:•-■;■■ -:■'■■ - - . .
IN THE SUPERIOR COURT OF THE STATE
X of California, in and for the City and County of
Ban Francisco. Department No. 10. ; A, , >
in the matter of the appllcat'on for voluntary
dissolution of "The Dinsmore Water Company"
(a corporation).' ■Notice of hearing. No.' 13,949. %
. Notioe is hereby given tbMThc Dinsmore Water
Company, a corporation formed under the laws of
the State Of California, has presented to the supe-
rior Court of the State of California In - and for the
City and County of San Francisco -an application
praying to oe | dissolved, and • that | MONDAY, tIM
20th day of April, 1896, at the hour of 10 o'clock
a. M. of that day, or as soon, thereafter .'■ as counsel
can be heard, and tbecourtroom of department No
10 of said Superior Court in and for the. City and
County of i San iranciHco, : In the new y Hall,
San Francisco, - Cat,, aro appointed ■as the time
and place at which said application will be heard
1 In witness whereof I have hereunto 'set my hand
and affixed the - seal of said • Superior Court this
12th duy of March, 1896. ■ ,;, ,\\ u ~,
- [Seal.J ' C, F. CURRY, County Clerk.
% ; ;* ~ By WM.R. A.JOHNSON,
Deputy County Clerk and ■ ex-officio Dopuiy Clerk
of the superior Court. •■ - . ■ * --• ./ . .
DONALD Y. CA JiPBELU Attorney for Peti-
tioners. - • - .
, ' . CITY REAL . : ESTATE, -.^. '■ .
■]piH: UMBSEN &coT~~ r ~ rT ~': ~ V " " ■" >_ :"'■/•."^
REAL ESTATE AGENTS, RENT COLLECTORS
AND AUCTIONEERa- ." :
14 Montgomery St.. near Market.,
Call and obtain one of onr"Reai Estate Records,"
which contain a list of properties in all parts of.
the city. . ./ v , ■ .■ ,/ : .
IMPROVED PROPERTIES. ;
BARGAINS.
WESTERN- ADDITION RESIDENCE AT .
A BARGAIN. ' ' '„
flt Ql AA -MCE BAY-WINDOW COTTAGE
«IpO_UU. of 6 rooms and bay-windows; brick
foundation, stone walks, etc.; 25x90; street ac-
cepted. •
FLATS MUST BE SOLD TO CLOSE ESTATK.
BIDS WILL BE RECEIVED UP TO APRIL
10: 410-12 Pase St., nr.." Buchanan; N. side.:
flats and •_' cottages; 2 lots, 27:6x120and 26:8x60:
2 frontages. __
2-STORY HOUSE ON MCALLISTER ST.
< 1 iU\(\ ■ 2-STORY AND ATTIC; PARTLY
<pIUUU. finished house: suitable for 2 flats;
could be finished for a few hundred dollars and be
made a paying investment ; 25x137:6. . ■. • ..■
IOTRERO-5 MINUTES' WALK FROM UNION
IRON WORKS. . - '
<BI 1 1 f\f\ CHEAP; 2-STORY HOUSE OF 6
<iJP 1 IUIJ. rooms, etc.; 26x100; this Is a bar-
gain; owner desirous of going East; house only 1
year old. _____
NICE RESIDENCE ON GOLDEN GATE AVK.
<Bi-17£n 2-STORY BAY-WINDOW RKSI-
<r>T: t <JU. dence of 8 rooms and bath; brick
foundation, etc.; 30x100. -
FLATS ON PINE ST. •--■','•'
<C»Qp:nn : 2 NEARLY NEW ILATB, OF 4
'iOxfyf. and 6 rooms and bath each: brick
foundation, etc.; rent $ 32 per month;. 25x137:6.
DEVISADERO ST. INVESTMENT.
StAO^iX NEAR GEARY ST., WEST SID_;
yr"t<i-Ul'. choice business block; cottage of 4
rooms; 25x80: stores would pay well.
COTTAGE NEAR 26TH AND MISSION STB.
<_1 1 'fkfl 4 ROOMS AND FINISHED BASE-
tIpJ- J_ \J\J. meut, etc. ; chicken-house, etc. large
lot; 25x122:6. ; '-y , _
HOWARD ST. FLATS.
u2ft/\riA '& NICE NEARLY NEW BAY- i
iJPOUUU. window flats of 6 and 5 rooms and
bath each; brick foundation, etc.; stone walks;
rent $38 per mouth ; 25x75- .
LOVELY RESIDENCE IN THE MISSION
"WARM "BELT.
ffl»p;r/-krv BEAUTIFUL NEW EASTLAKE
«]PU«JUU. house of 8 rooms and bath; all mod-
ern improvements and conveniences; stable and
driveway ;. 25x 122 :6.
ELLIS ST., NEAR LARKIN.
ft:! f\ hAA - SUBSTANTIAL 2 -STORY !
tJpJLU.OUU. houses; 27:6x120; 2 frontages;
both streets accepted.
FOUR FLATS ON SACRAMENTO ST.
fl>/»1 rjfr REXT|SBPISR MONTH: 4 FLATS: '
tJrU.— I «J. 4 rooms each; brick foundation; stone
walks, eta; street acceptea; 27x100. .. : - '
G. H. UMBSEN & CO., 14 Montgomery st.
___________
OFARRELL CO., AGENTS, .■:;./
REAL ESTATE AGF.NTS,
! HOUSE-BROKERS AND AUCTIONEERS,
11 MONTGOMERY ST,
m»97rA sutter ST.. NEAR central
«JP — J I O\J . aye.; right at transfer polut; lot 35-
-foot front.
©1 C (\f\f\ TAYLOR ST.. NEAR KDDY; 2-
<4T l-O. VJV'yJ. story; 8 rooms and bath; lot
worth the money.
v />nn WEBSTER ST.; PAC. HEIGHTS:
»ir«-»Uv»V7. nearly new residence; 8 rooms and
bath; worth $8000. ■___
<EMZ(\(\(\ PI-VEST.: DOWNTOWN; 2-STORY;
*TJ)UUUv. 8 rooms and bath; 23x76; rents $40.
fflj.rXAA GHOVE ST., NEAR WEBSTER: 2-
(lPv'vvv/. story; 8 rooms and bath; 25x137:6.
m»f>7rn RENTS $60; GROVE ST.; TWO
»JpU I O\J. flats; 5 and 6 rooms and bath; 2 cot-
tages in rear; will exchange equity for unim-
proved property in city; mortgage of $2300.
HAVE YOU. SEEN THEM?
Those beautiful lots that we are selling for
$350 up.
■Every one Is level.'
The street work is done. ; - -.■.'•.
And then less than a block from Mission st. and
the electric-cars We have a full assortment of
hulMiin; lots as positive bargains for home site or
Investment. Apply either at our branch ottice,
Mission si. and China aye., or at
O'FARRELL & CO.'S,
, ; 11 Montgomery st.
Branch office open every day in the week, Sun-
day included.
C. BEMIH. ■.■ • ■ "^ i ~~
CC. HKMI-.
. REAL ESTATE AND LAND AGENT,
324 MONTGOMERY ST.
V. FOR SALE. . , : . ;
120x195— NW. cor. of A st. and 27th aye.; as a
whole or in subdivisions. • • ■•
#11,000— cor. Pacific aye. and Baker st.; 55x
137:6 feet. . ►-■:,..
$2600— E.. side of stanyan St., bet- Carl and
Frederick; 26x100 feet.
$450— San Carlo* Villa lot: 100x150 feet.
$6700— 50x127:6 feet on Jackson st., overlook'
ing the Presidio and bay. ■. ■. v
$6000—2 modern houses of 8 rooms each, at
partc; 25x137:6 feetj electrio road passes houses:
make offer. • - • , • ■ ■ ■
$2500— 2-story 8-roomed house on . Harrison st.,
bet. First ana Fremont. -
$400— Lot on Duncan St.. bet. Noo and Castro: 25
ill 4 feet. ■ -- ■ ■•■ ■
«85()0-Elegant W. comer of Cole and Carl sts.
$Wo— Choice building lots north of park. -
OUR GREAT ' ~"
CREDIT AUCTION SALE,
THURSDAY, APRIL 16, :
IN OUR SALESROOM, AT 12 O'CLOCK NOON.
ENTIRE BLOCK, BOUNDED BY BAKER,
MCALLISTER AND LYON STS. AND
GOLDEN GATE AYE.: 37 SUPERB
BUILDING LOTS. TERMS ONLY 14 CASH,
BALANCE IN 1, 2 AND 3 YEARS.
BALDWIN «fc HAMMOND, 10 Montgomery st.
W mi. BUILD HOMK.S to SUIT O.V LOTS IN
»' Lfckeview, nr. electric cars; terms about the
same as rent. THE MCCARTHY CO., 646 Mar-
ket St., San Francisco. ■•-
OR SALE— ELEGANT room HOUSE.
. done by day's work; salon parlors; reception
and billiard rooms; furnace heat; beautiful garden;
stone walks: view Golden Gate Park. 1 1917 Oak.
A f ARKET-STRBET PROPERTY. . ... ~
READY FOR BUILDING.
CORNER 75x80.
■ -NEAR VALENCIA. : v . '
Rare chance for investors to buy below the mar-
ket value. Save commission and time. Address
O. N. R.. box 9, this office. -- ; - . ,-, - :
fflji (inn WILL SECURE "a NEW BAY-WlN-
«t_l-— .y>\J \J dow cottnse; modern improvements;
basement; lot 25x100; South Brodsrlck sU, near
Haight. Apply 1330 Mission st.
<2j?fAil CORNER; 61x100: IN BERKELEY;
tjn«-»\J\J. on railroad; $10 monthly.
Corner; 60x100, with creek. I
*1 600— Corner; 100x100; macadamized.
91000— Corner; 100x100; $15 monthly.
$175— Lot 25x136; $10 down« $5 monthly.
. CHA3. A. BAILEY, 20 Montgomery st.
MODERN 2-STORY DWELLING, 7 ROOMS;
bath, basement and attic, built for $2600: flats
an ' cottages built at most reasonable rates. Call and
sec plans. Jas. McCONAHKY, 1149 Mission St.
~~~ : MONEY TO LOAN,
AKLAND LOANm'oN FIRST MORTGAGES
on Improved real estate secured on short notice
at current rates of interest. HI'UU M. CAM-
ERON, 478 Ninth St., Oakland.
MONEY LOANED ON JEW-LRY AND
other valuables ' at the Security Loan Office,
1106 Market st.. nr. Mason: private entrance 7 Turk. '
/TkIRECT ON YOUR FURNITURE OR PIANO;
"J-» no removal: no delays; no commissions: low
interest. Km. 68, Donohue bldg, 1170 Market st.
IG CAPITAL IN 1 TRUST AT 9 PEK CENT":
the same rate on a 2d mortgage or any other
security, or across the bay. Coin, box 18, Call Office.
iA'.vNCE ON LIFE INSURANCE, . LEOA-
oles, pianos; lowest rates. 215 Sansome, rm 5.
ORTG AGES, LOANS ON COLLATE A
low rates. Hylvain Haloman & C 0. ,328 Montgy
"IST&2D MORTGAGES: INTERESTS IN ES-
XtHteg;lowest rates : no del ny .MURPHY ,628 Mrku
ffljßnil 4 inn ON KEal -STATE; LOWEST
A.BCHULLER.BOB Montgy
ADVANCES ON DIAMONDS.JEU'ELKY, KTC
-fV Columbia Loan & Collateral Office. 9 Granc aye,
NY AMOUNT: IST, 2D or 3D MORTGAGE*:"
estates, undivided interests, real estate in pro.
bate.' McCOLOAN. 24 Montgomery,' room* 2-S.
— L._l I———.———————,
; PAWNBROKERS; i v.
AT 128 KEARiTy ■ ST.. ROOM 9-~MONISY
loaned, watches, diamonds, etc.; low rates: pri-
vato rooms; elevator; pledges for sal 1 cheap. -' - . '
'-: : .. •: '■:.'.. : FINANCIAL. :.:!'.' \ }"■■
<Bi 1 (\(\ TTrw an " on i life~TnBur^
•4P — u".V V/v» ance policies; bankbooks bought!
ii.so Cripple Creek mining stocks. JOSEPH B.
TOPLITZ. room 9, 330 Pine St.
MONEY ""WANTED"
!dh 7nn ! ON (NEW. • 6-ROOM HOUSE ; • LOT
»Ip IUI/. 100x166; 225 feet from Han Pablo
Interest 8 per cent. Also $3600 on improved crop-
erty, 120x250, on San Pablo aye. interest 10 per
cent, and other loans from $2CO to 9100,000. at 8
and 10 per cent on gilt-edge security; no expense
to lender. Apply to A. L. WILLED , Golden Gate,
Alumeda County, Cal, ; ; . ' .. : : ' .-, ■' '
L~OAN~— $1000, CONTRA COSTA; NO; 1 BE-
curlty. L. W.,box 48, Call. '■ ■ ■.-■■■-. '<■- •
j ■■:■ ';_ ■- physicTanS! ' ■ r7 ~~'
DON'T FAIL TO CONSULT DR.' JORDAN AT
his museum, 1051 Market st. his 30 years'
successful practice is a guarantee of fair treatment;
the worst cases treated satisfactorily by mall. •,-
REMOVED— DR. C. C. O'DONNELL TO 1208
Market si. : diseases of woman n specialty.
. ■ -.s^-.-.-BIOYCLES.c ; -- :.  ; v ..
pAKKWcZEBY^iBW-WHEELS TO _ET;
J- < best . accommodations. Terminus Ovary. - Mc-
Allister and Powell st. car lines.
.- , . : . CITY RE "■'ESTATE.. •■-,:-■;.,,•,:
"nOVEK, TOY '& SONNT.AG/ ;
REAL ESTATE AGENTS AND AUC-
TIONEER*
19 MONTGOMERY STREET, UNDER LICK
HOUSE. i -, ;.
PROBATE SALE!, ' , I ,
; Pi'.ORATK SALE! i ' «• ■; '•■'
PROBATE SALE!
AT AUCTION! "
AT AUCTION!
AT AUCTION!
TUESDAY, APRIL 14, 1*96!
TUESDAY, APRIL 14, 3836!
TUESDAY, APRIL 14, 1896!
AT 12 O'CLOCK NOON, AT SALESROOM!.-
AT 12 O'CLOCK NOON, AT SALESROOM!
AT 12 O'CLOCK NOON, AT SALESROOM'!
DOWNTOWN RESIDENCE PROPERTY.
I No. 910 Pine street, north side, west of Mason;
modern residence containing - 1Q rooms, bath and
basement; lot -25x62:6; rents $70 per month;
elegantly frescoed throughout. Estate of Isabella
T. Marclnkowski. Kale subiect to confirmation by
Probate Court. .
VALENCIA STREET PROPERTY.
Nos. 1245 and 12451 Valencia St.. east side. ad
Joining the corner of Twenty-fourth; 2 modern bay-
window fists, containing 5 and 6 rooms and bath
each; rents $40 per month: lot 25x90. Estate of
Thomas W, G. Graham, ale subject to confirma-
tion of Probate Court. >
, WESTERN ADDITION FLATS.
Nos. 2725 to 2731 Pine at., south side, west of
Devisadero: 2 houses, containing 4 separate flats
of 4 and. 5 rooms and bath: lots 25.^137:6 each;
rents $83 per month; will be sold as a whole or in
subdivisions. Estate of John .Hcnnnel, • Sale sub-
ject to confirmation of Probate Court.
INCOME PROPERTY.
Nos. 1223 to 1231 Broadway street and Nos. I
to 24 Bridge place, off south side of Broadway,
east of Hyde: 2 stores and 5 separate flats on
Broadway, and 24 tenements on Bridge place,
consisting of 8 rooms each: total rents $189 per
month: lot 81;6xi:i7t6 feet ■ with an L 25x67:6:
portion of ground vacant can be further improved.
Sale account of the Mczes estate. ■.--%•.<•
' WESTERN ADDITION BUILDING LOT. '
Page street, south side, 50 feet west of Lyon:
size 25x100; street work nil done: lot level and
ready for building. Sale account of Mezes estate.
EXCELSIOR HOMESTEAD LOT. ;"
Portion of block 23, Excelsior Homestead ; front- .
Ing Amazon avenue. Paris and Lisbon streets, be-
ing 2 corners and 6 inside lots; size 200:6x95:8.
Sale account of Mezes estate. v-yj ;; ■■■
RICHMOND LOTS.
Thirty-fourth avenue, west side, worth of B street;
6 lots, 26x120 each; to be sold as a whole.
....ALSO.... ;■
-Lot 12, block 825, South San Francisco Home-
stead and hnllroad Association: size 75x100 feet.
Lot 2, block 205, South San Francisco Homestead
and Railroad Association; size 75xi00 feet.
lots 358 and 360, Silver Terrace Association)
size 60x100. -'.....
Sale account of M»2es estate.
CHEAP MISSION FLATS. :,^;.*v"
No. 87. Powell avenue, off Mission street, near
28th St., only y« block from Mission-st. electric-
cars and Valencia cable-car^ ; 2 separate flats of 3
rooms each; lot 26x100. Sale on account of bank
foreclosure --sf.- 1 .*;?.
MoALLISTER-ST. BUSINESS PROPERTY.
Nos. 702 and 704 McAllister »t.,'N. side, W. of
and adjoining the corner of Hough; .H-story mod-
ern building, consisting of 2 stores, living-rooms
and basements each; 2 separate flats above of 8
rooms and bath each; total rents $116 per month;
lot size 34:1 nix! oo. -
MISSION RESIDENCE PROPERTY.
No. 710 Twenty-first St., N. side, near Valencia:
house contains 9 rooms ani bath; rents #35 per
month 1 lot 24x115, with L 20x50.
PACIFIC HEIGHTS PROPERTY.
SE. cor. Central iive. and Jackson st.: vacant
corner lot 95:21,4x100:11; ready for buildiuz;
commanding superb view.
- — -ALSO .:/---■•;■;
210 Central aye., udjoiniugabovc corner; 2-story
dwelling containing 9 rooms, bath, etc. ; routs $40
I per month: lot 32:6x100:11; property will be sold
as a whole or in subdivisions.
NEW WESTERN ADDITION FLATS.
1328 Hayes St., N. side, near Broderick; 3 mod- i
crn fiats containing 6 anil 7 rooms and hnth each;
total rents $74 50 per month: lot 25x137:6; cars
pass the door; street work done.
DOWNTOWN INCOME PROPERTY.
Nos. 720 to 726 Powell st., east side, b.-t. Fin*
and California sts. ; 4 modern flats, containing 7
and 8 rooms and bath each; latest Improvements
throughout: total rents $16a per month;. lot
44x112:6 feet; very central location.
BUILDING LOT.
North line of California aye., bet. : Howard and
Mission sts. ; size 25x100; street work all done; lot
level and ready for building; terms easy if de-
sired. .- -
For catalogue of sale and further particulars
Of property apply to .
/■-.. '■:/ BOVEE. TOY A SONNTAG, ,-
■';,'."■■ • ; J: 19 Montgomery st.
COUNTRY REAL ESTATE.
<DJI A f\(\r\ WILL BUY A SPLENDID BUSI-
«InIT.UUU hp»« block, which bring* 500 in-
come per year and is under a lease for six years.
W. G. HAWLEY CO.. . •
_^____ 17 South First at., San Jose, Cal. ■
OR SALE— VERY MCE FOOTHILL FRUIT
: ranch, containing 160 ucres, with 18 heua of i
cattle, small vineyard, a number of fruit trees of !
several varieties, nice house and other improve-
ments: located In a thriving mining district, where
product can be sold at eood prices; % this property
for sal* at a, bargain. Further particulars see J. F.
CROSETT „ CO.. 628 Sacramento st. -
OR SALE: SUMMER RESORT, WITH 40 OR
-T 80 acres of land: 3 miles from Santa Cruz: house
of 16 rooms, furnished; carriage, horses, cows and
farm Implements. MRS. ZILLMER, 1009 Mis-
sion St., S. F. . .
rrERMS EASY — 5 ACHES, $175; 15 ACRES
X improved, *400; 20 acres, 10 Jin grain, bouse,
etc.; cheap; 20-acre orchard, 6-room house, $2000,
will trade for Oakland property: 80 acres by town,
$12 80 an acre: several big farms.. M. GRIFFIN,
box 22, cottonwood, Shasta County, Cal. :
\ VALUABLE CONTRA COSTA COU-nTY
V lands for sole on easy terms. . . ' - •■■■•.' .
(KC\(\(\ ACRES; RANCHO BOCA DE LA CAN-
UUUV/ ada del Pinole: 12 miles east of Berk eley,
near narrow-gauge railroad. .-•.-■• • . .
1 QOn ACRES OF CHOICE LEVEL -AND
XO\J\J adjoining Sao. Pablo railroad depot and
Bordering on the bay of San Francisco.
q||() ACRES CHOICE VINEYARD LAND
: Ov'U adjoining the famous vineyunls of the
Mount Diablo and Glen Terry wine companies at
Clayton, Cal.
Also 2 tracts of 665 acres each within 3 miles of
the Pinole railroad station. Apply to the owner,
. -4 .'.' , - : SIMON BLUM, Martinez. *
AN RAFAEL AND ROSS VALLEY^- -*.--'.
I .and for sale or exchange by J. TUNSTEAD,
San Rafael, Cal. -.
AKIN COUNTY— SOOO ACRES 26 MIXES
trpsa Ban Francisco. . ' : .
I'M - Rancho de Novato.
■ Tracts cat any size desired; fruit, grain and
vegetable land, no irrigation; both rail and water
transportation; $40 to #76 we* acre; terms made
to suit ; send for circular.
Improved dairy farms for sale with cows.
I SYNDICATE INVESTMENT COMPANY, 84
1 and 66 Chronicle building. '..' -i- ' .■
t^AHM PROPERTIES, ALL KINDS AND ALL
' X sixes, improved and unimproved, for sale in the
best part of Alameda < ounty. ■ Inquire of & H ALZ, ,
Centreville . ' ' . •-
T ITTLE HOMES CLOSE TO ' TOWN: V IM-
' XJ proved; easy terms; also 4, 6 and 12 acre
pieces on 8 and 10 years' credit; B partly improved,
! with small bouse, etc D. H. TWLNG, (Sonoma
City. Inquire 632 Market st.. S. F.
END FOR OUR LIST OF ORCHARD HOMK.J
lor sale. -WOUSTER .<:- WHITTON. San Josa.
AND UPWARD LOTS IN EAST OAK-
i «ID I v land : easy terms. .-' •■ \
DOS per acre; quantity to suit: fine soil; near
tip OO Pleasunton.AlamedaCo. ; terms to suit : also
a few improved cozy country homes near by; 5 to
20 acres at half former value; easy terms; willex-
change. LEE tv KISER, »06 Montgomery, st.
I PROPERTY TO EXCHANGE.
yXrTAi3liE FB.VJT RANCH. :
"'v/ Full bearing, for good Oakland property. Apply
to DE KER, 1020 Market U. • - ; .
1 1 A ACRES SANTA CLARA COUNTY $4000
JL X 14 acres adjoining San Jose for ranch 30,000
2 stores, fi-room flat, for Los Angeles prop- • "
■' s erty ...,;.,.,..,,....,;.........:,......,,.' 6000
4 flats for lodging-house .......:; 6000
WHAT HAVE YOU TO OFFER? , -
I SELL AND EXCHANGE— ■ — — -
All kinds of property. '■ — — —
■-•■-. H. C. PEC'KKH, 1020 Market st., opp. Fifth. \r±
I OQn ACRES TIMBER LAND, KERN CO.;
1 - tQ\J water; fine for cattle-raising. N..bx.l6.Cail
;'.■'• '■ '. ' v --iv.:':.' ; : STORAGE. i ■■. ■; V .;; \:'"/^,
T~~*H7llo7rNE"Y7^7^illSs7oN— STOItXoK^AT
.reduced rales; basement storage, sl 50 per load
;B. SMITH FURNITURE CO., 132 ELLIS;
. low rates; fire-proof building; Eastern : plan. :
STORAGE OF FURNITURE, PIANOS, ETC.
R. F. OaBQRN <fc CO.. 751 and 763 Market st.
pplyVor RATES fok storing furni-
ture, etc. BHIREK & BHIREK, 747 Market. 1
CJTORAQE OF FURNITURE. PIANOS, HOUSE-
D bold goods, etc. J. M. PIERCE, 785 Market at.
ilb6"n BROTHERS,. 1710 MARKET-
»T Storage 1 low rates: ' telephone South 7C'J.-'-
- ": ' '' : SEWING "-. MACHINES. '■•■ '^?' ? : F 'P
/ A I/i KINDS BOUGHT, ; SOLD, EXCHANGE d 7
J\- reined, repaired ; lowest rates. 205 Fourth st.
REAL ESTATE^ ■- .:_■-'.
AM. SPECK & CO., .~ •
 • - ? 602 MARKET STREET. i
$ 1650— New cottage and lot 26x90; near Market St.
2000— Lot 5J6.v;120 ft. on McAllister st.
$3000— Store and I nais; rents $30: only a few
.'„ blocks from the City Halt : must soil,
2000— Elegant modern 6-room conaga; select
location: $200 down.
$3000— Business property half bloc* from Market
and Tenth. ■. •*• .■:•-,■ »-r.j
$4900- deduced from *5750; 3 fine flats; rents
$47; 3 car lines. '
$5000—2 new modern Hats near Larkln St.; rents
$50: 2 fronts; mortgage 9-3000.
5000— Elegant residence on Pine si. . ■ ■
BUoo— Klegant residence, with stable and grounds:
suitable for doctor, on Turk st.
$6000—3 flats: Bush St., ne«r Mason; rents $36.
*70U0— store and flats: lot 28x100 feet; near new
m City Hull; rents $68.
$70u0— Nice residence and large lot on Washing-
ton St., near Devisadero.
$8000— Geary st. ; stores and flats; rents $76: lot
37:6x137:6 feet; $3000 cash down.
$8000— Fine residence: mar Suiter and Hyae.
$13,000— Splendid business property; Hayes st,;
rents $123; lot 27:bxl37:ti feet..
*13,000— Magnificent building; all flats*, within 2
blocltsof city Hall: rents $100: 2 frontages.
$25,000— Business property on 3d st., near Market;
nays about o per cent, . . ■
$110,000— Business property near Call Office: un-
y -. . ■ der long lease | pays over 6 per cent not.
A. M. SPECK ok CO.. t<o2 Market St.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
GjJI O f\f\(\ DISCOUNT IF BOLD FOR CASH
«JpXO.I'UU. this month. An ideal suburban
home; 50 acres; 35 acres in assorted fruits of the
choicest varieties in full bearing; only 2Va miles
from the city of Oakland ; 10 minutes' driv •to the
electric curs: 2 blocks to public school; house 11
rooms, bath; new and modern in every detail:
good barn and' outbuildings; spring water in
abundance; scenery and • climate unexcelled.
Will accept as part payment property in Oakland,
1 Berkeley, Alameda, San Francisco or Los
Anceles. Estimated value of this year's crop
$3000 to $6000, ■ •■" - ■..•'■■. , r
For photos and full particulars address J. S.
MYERS, 1002 Broadway. Oakland.
TO EXCHANGE— C-ROOM MODERN COT-
x tage in Oakland $4000, clear, for small Im-
proved ranch. J. 11. EDSON, 908 Broadway, Oaic-
land. ■- - . . • ■•.. .
HAVE A HOME BUILT ON YOUR OWN
plans: Oakland, Berkeley or Alameda; easy
terms; want to exchange choice orange lands for
vacant lots: land free and clear: will assume some
mortgage. CHAS. P. KERN, Central Bank build-
ng, Oakland. '
V O i I SALE OR EX HANGK — OAKLAND
-1 house and lot, 37x105, on electric line, for city
property. Apply at 1431 Bush st.
"1 O-JtOOM HOUSE: 100-FOOT LOT: ONLY 5
Jt+i blocks from Broadway; sunny northwest cor-
ner; make me an offer. H. A., box 7, Call Office,
Oakland. , ...
<JPl<JUlAli BARGAINS.
MEW 7-ROOM 2-STORY 7-FOOT BASEMENT
•*■' round-front modern house: street work com-
plete with cement walks: 1 block from San Ptblo
aye., near Durant School; lot, 25x100; price
$2650; $250 cash, balance *30 per month.
9^-FOOT LOT ON K. SIDE FRANKLIN ST.,
£iO near Sixth.; 5- room cottage, rented and cheap
for $1600: half cash. ■___
SOUTHWEST COR. OF BAN PABLO AYE
and 30th st. ; 60 feet on San Pablo uve.; price
$55 per front, foot; or will trade for other tirst-
class property. '
TV^EW 7- ROOM HOUSE OS N. SIDE OF
-Li Grant aye. or 37th si., 300 feet K. of Telegraph
av<\ ; lot 37:6x115: rented for $1» per month;
$2500; one-third cash, balance flat loan at 8 per
cent.
"1 90x150:' ON W. SIDE OF SAN PABLO
X-j(j aye., near the narrow-gauge railroad cross-
ing at 39th. Bt.; with 2 5-room cottages on this
property; must be sold; make an offer at once.
CORNER LOT NEAR 21ST-ST. ELECTRIC
\J cars, East Oakland; 26x140; price $400: $300
can remain on flat loan at 8 per cent.
BEAUTIFUL HOME ON 7TH AVF-, NEAR
J-* 15th st., East Oakland; 12-room new house
and lot 75x150, in first-class shape: this property
cost $15,000; on account of owner living out of
City will sell for $10,000; $2500 cash, balance in-
stallments or flat loan at 8 per cent.
Address RALEIGH & CO., 460 Ninth St.. Oak-
land. / ■ ■ . ■ ■
Gj/l(inn *"oli EXCHANGE: GOOD Iit-
<JP*IWUU. room house and lot. 50x132: nicely
located; rental $20 per month: will take clear
land or other property. ALDEN & KRONEN-
BERG, 9t;2 Broadway, Oakland. ■ ■ ...
ffl!l QXA 2 HOUSES AND LOT, 50x101;
vy-i-OxjyJ. rental $18 per month: a cood invest-
ment. ALDEN it KRONENBEUO, 902 Broad-
way, Oakland.
Horsi: AND BUILDING lots ON INSTALL-
nienis equal to rent; close to Frultvale sta-
tion: 45 minutes to San Francisco; 13 minutes' to
Broadway, Oakland: street work all done; sewers,
Kits and water in. Apply to syndicate Investment
Company, EDWARD DICK, agent, Fruitvale sta-
tlun. * . ..
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— I43S PARK STREET.
AI.A3IEDA KEAL ESTATE.
TO LET— HANDSOME COTTAGE^ COaT
■L pletely furnished, elegant and extensive
grounds, for 1 year or more. *80 per month: also
tine 2-story house of 9 rooms, handsomely fur-
nished, for 1 year or more, $76 per month.
For sale— A fine 8-room cottace: cost of building
alone $5500. with lot 65x146; $5500 will take the
property: don't fail toseeit. THOMAS A. SMITH,
1601 Park si., Alameda (broad-gauge depot). ■ ■
liOK SALE^ — — _ __ __
House 8 rooms and bath, Central aye. ; house 4
rcoms. (irand st.; cottage 6 rooms, Everett st. ;
on long time and easy terms, or will exchange for
Sun Francisco or country property. Apply
E ASTON, KLDRIDGE & CO.,
... 638 Market St.,
. San Francisco, Cal.
TTiOlt SALE— COTTAGE. 11 ROOMS: LOT "58x
X 1 150; north Bide; street macadamized; stone
walk: lovely garden, shrubbery, etc.; must be sold.
T. F. BAIRD, 1303 Park aye. " P B "' j
<Jlj9x7vf| NEW COLONIAL COTTAGE. 6OR
tjp^uyjyj, 7 rooms, on an Improved street at
station. Apply to 1243 Park st., Alameda.
ffij I A A TO «-50 DOWN, »25 MONTHLY; NEW
«IP X \Jvr 5 and 6 room cottages with every modern
convenience; near station, bcuool, etc : with largn
lot; $2400 to $3000: send for illustrated book of
Alameda, free. Alameda Land Company, 1500
Park St., Alameda. ■ •• .-.•;•; . : .:.• - ,
AI.AMKDA ROOMS TO LET.
TV-ICELY \' : FURNISHED ROOMS WITH OR
ii without board; piano. 639 Central aye,, Dear
Webster st. • ■ .
ALAMEDA HOUSES TO LET.
PottageT^Ju "sAlT^oaE^XvTsrr^UrfNY
XJ side; 7 rooms; bath, gus, laundry, basement,
stable, lawn, shrubbery. J. 3. HANLEY, 1351
Park st. ■ ■ ■■■ :• . • - . . .'. •■-.'.
OAKLAND ROOMS TO LET.
TlOU^K^l£^p7N7r^lO^^rFDltNisl?EDnoß
XX unfurnished: reasonable to responsible parties.
1229 Broadway, Oakland. ' .
SANTA CLARA COUNTY;
,V. '. ; ."".."'".,
REAL' ESTATE. :■";•;'•■■; ' '>"
vX9^XL^EYTab^^XE¥~sTo¥^AN~JOSE^
4 miles west of Morganhill; 60 acres or more •
large lurmshed house with concert grand piano:
beautiful grounds, interspersed with oak trees; 2
cottages; pavilion 60x80 feet; bored well, wind-
mill, horsepower, 2 6000-gallon tanks: water piped
to house: stable; horses, cows, pigs, chickens and
implements for working the place; implements
cost, over $12,000 ; , will - take part cash, the re-
mainder in city property. I For particulars apply to
E. McCURRIE, Lloyd Tevls' office. Mills bldg, H.f
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
-|/<OR RENT — FURNISHED Oil UNFUr". j
X nisbed house of 13 rooms on principal street; 3
minutes' walk • from Berkeley station:, large
grounds, nicely Improved.; plenty of flowers and
shade; lawn-tennis and croquet grounds: barn
chicken-house, etc. J. J. MASON, Berkeley sta-
tion.
OS, fJ. MASON, REAL ESTATE AND IX-
| surance agent, Berkeley station.
ONLY 6 LOTS LEFT; THE BIGGEST BAR"
gain in Alameda County ; 50x141, 1 for $400;
perfectly level; above grade; near curs. JOSEPH
■T. MASON, Berkeley station. , < ;! •.-.••, ••'
1/U'K SALE— TWO MODERN, HOUSES, JUST
-L completed; 7 and 8 rooms; porcelain baths-
large lots; in choice part of town: easy terms
A few choice comer lots south of University •
cheap to close an estate. ..;< ■  ■■ .. , --
270x120: 5 blocks from the University; near
foothills; at half-price. : M. L. WURTS, opposite
Dwight-wity station, Berkeley, Cal. \ ,
pOZY -AND HOMELIKE: A . PLACE FOR
XJ comfort; must be sold: good cottage: 6 rooms
»nd bath; well.. windmill and tank; lot 60x1 22-
-nice yard; near train: $2500, including furniture,
less without. H. D. IRWIN, Lorin. , i.:.v"; '
O:*O. MAY A CO., REAL ESTATE AND
« building, 2123 Center Bt.. Berkeley. '
T Vv ; BERKELEY. rooms. '" . ,""
'T^djoTning university grounds" I
-p. Large newly furnished rooms; electric ltKbts;
first-class board: between two lines electric-cars;
private dining-room tor family If ■ desired. 2214
Union st. ,v ■'••,.:.■■" ; .:■■■• -j-/ ■- ■• ... .., - - ; . " ■■._ '-.'■■-".
BERKELEY— attractive sunny rooms
AJ with board; first and second floors; single or
en' suite ; , private; , - central . reasonable. 2324
manning way. ---'■---•■--■■. ■* ■, . .-'.- -■■■.■,-• ■.-. ■ •
BUILDING AND \ AN ASSOCIATION
pONfINENT^£~B^LWX^AIfr7LOArrAs'-
XJ soclation— Home office, 222 Kansome St., S. F.
General savings & loan business. Ed. Hill, Ires,:
' Oliver Eidridge, V-Pr. ; W. Corbin, Sec. <te Gen. Man.
DENTIISTS. . -- .
DR. T. I RANZ— EXTRACTION
crown work, bridge work and teeth with,
plates a spec ally. 103 Geary at., cor. Grant aye.
CIROOME DENTAL ASSOCIATION, 759 MAR-
\J ket, bet, 3d and 4th, gas specialists; only reli-
able agent for painless extraction; artificial teeth
frrn $5; fillipss frm $) ;extracllug 30c, with gas $1.
(B»7 A~sKT FOR TEETH: WARRANTED AS
tjp I good as can be made: inline $1. Dr. SIMMS,
dentist. 930 Market St.. next Baldwin Theater.
DR. LuDITUM~HiL.L, 1443 MARKET ST..
near Eleventh : no charge for extracting whoa
plates are made; old plates made over like new;
teeth from $8 per set; extracting 50c; gas given.
ONEST~WOR : VERY LOW KST PRICES.
DR. HARDCASTLE, 628 Montgomery, rm. 1.
I[>ULL SKT OP TEETH, $7 ; WARRANTED
1 five years. DR. V, CAVaLSKY. 24 Sixth st.
ETOFTKETH WITHOUT a PLATE. dr. H.
G. YOUNG, 1841 Polk st. - '
R. GEORGE W. LEEK, . THE GENUINE
Leek dentist, discoverer of painless extraction
and patentee, of improved . bridge work or teeta
i r bout any plate, moved from ti to 20 O'Farrell st.
PAINLESS EXTRACTION. 60cl CROWN
x bridge work a specialty; plates, $5 up: 13 years'
experience. R. L. WALBHT D.D.S.. 8158/ 4 Geary.
HR. H. H. SHAW, 224 KEARNY — BRIDU&
XJ work a specialty; open evenlnga 7:30 to 9. ■
/ OLTOX DENTAL ASSOCIATION. 806 -M Ait-
\J ket si. DR. CHARLES W. DECKER.
DR. J. J. LEEK, 120« MARKET. COR. GOLDEN
Gate aye.— Open evenings: Sundays tilt noon.
ALL WORK REASONABLE ■ AND WABj-
ranted. DR. J, W. KEY. 1123 Market st. -
A WEEK'S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS — THB
A .WEEKLY. CALL- in wrapper, for mailing.
■ ■■ -..-. :. . .... . ...■■-■■■...>-> ■_-^i.« -
DIVORCE PROCEEDINGS.
Divorce granted : - — •-- •-
John Druschel from May Druscbel, for deser-
tion; by Judge Sanderson. . . . ,
MARRIAGE LICENSES,.
The following marriage licenses were Issued by
the County Clerk's office yesterday:
0. Kalmowsky and Bertha Kluty, 36—22.
G. Marino and Marion Fumella, 22—20.
W. Sprotling and Nora McClellan, 28—29.
W. B. Nye and Edith Smith, 27—24.
•John A. 1 Lory and Emma Lory, 28—26. ■
Joseph Horn and Henrietta Feuster, 27—18, ,
' M. N. Hirsch and Caroline Schweitzer, 38— '
A. Block and Anna Dolan. 33-24. ■ '
TIRTIIS— DEATHS.
:vj-.V ■ BORN.
BARTLETT^-In this city. April 7, 1896, to the
wife of C. S. M. Hurt bit . a sou. '."• ;
ELLINGWOOD— In this city, March 17, 1896,
to the wife of A. W. EUingwood, a daughter.
GILBERT— In Oakland, April x, 1896, to the wife
of Irving 1.. Gilbert, a daughter.
ISAAC— In Oakland, April 6, 1896, to the wife Of
Alfred 1.. Isaac, a daughter. i
SCHAUFLER-In Fruiivale, April 3, 1898, to tha
wife of A. C. Schaufler, a daughter. •
MARRIED. . . ..-.- \
RAWLTNBON— KOHN —In iJiis City, April 6,
1896, by the Rev. Dr. Dille, Herbert Rawlluaoa
and Jeanette Kobu, both of San Francisco. j
WILbON— FORD— At the residence of Mr, J. M.
Tomllnson, 314 Thomas avenue, Seattle, Tues-
day, March 31, 1896, Mr. Wesley Wilson ■of
Seattle and Mrs. Fannie E. Ford, late of San
Francisco, Rev. W. A. Slianklln otliciatlng.
"~~"' died! ~~"
Boyd, Alexander P. Murquez, Gabriel
Dempsey, Annie K. Marston. Henry L.
Gluvin (nee Mcc), Mary Mayer, Emma
Hadler, Anna A. McGulre, Patrick
Handler, Mary Moorhead, Anna
Jacobs, George Myers, Samuel
Jensen, Niels P. Park. Mrs. Alma A.
Keller, Mrs. E. M. Rosovioch. Mrs.
Kingshott. Matilda ' Towniey, Lena. ■
Logan, Elizabeth Williamson, Mary
BOYD-ln nolllster. Cal.. April 5. 1896, Alexan-
der P. Boyd. a native of Orange County, Now
York, aged 70 years and 9 months.
US-Friends are respectfully invited to attend .
the funeral services THIS DAY (Wednesday),
at 3 o'clock p. m., from hi* late, residence. 1919
Devisudero street. Interment private. - -
DEMPSEV-In this city, April 7.1896. Annie EH«a-
b«h, beloved daughter of the late Daniel and
Catherine Detncsey, and sister of Thomas, Dan-
iel and Mary Agnes Detupsey, and niece of Mar-
tin T. Doyle, a native of San Francisco, aged 28
years. A member of Orlnda Parlor No. 56. N.
D. G. W.
Friends and acquaintances are regret-
fully invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Thursday), at 0:30 o'clock a. m., from her lat*
residence, 421 Eleventh street, thence to St.
Joseph's Church, where a solemn requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of her
soul, commencing ut 10 o'clock a. m. . Interment
Mount Calvary Cemetery. ■
GLAVIS . (nee Mee)-In Oakland, April 7. 1896.
Mary, beloved wife of A. (ilavin. and daughter of
3 Irs. A. Mee. and sister of Jiinms an 1 Maggi*
Mcc, a native of California, aged 28 years 6
months and 9 days. - 
43" Friends and acquaintances are resDeet-
. fr"y invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Thursday), at 9 o'clock a. m., from her late
residence. Forty-seventh street, near Shattuclc
avenue, thence to Sacred Heart Church, where a
- solemn requiem mass will be celebrated for
the repose of her soul, commencing at 9:30
o'clock a. m. lntermeus bt. Mary's Cemetery.
Oakland.
HADLER— In this city, April 6. 1898. Anna Au-
gusta, dearly beloved wire of Henry Hadler, and
mother of Henry and Emil Hadler, a native of
Hanover, Germany, aged 31 years 6 months and
20 days. -
Friends and acquaintances are resuect-
fully invited to attend iiik funeral THIS DAY
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock p. it., from the par-
lors of 11. F. Bohr <fe Co.. 1209 Mission street,
near Eighth. Interment 1. O. O. F. Cemetery.
BAUSSLER-In this city, April 6. 1896. at her
residence. 1116 Broadway, Mary, beloved wife of
the late Leonard F. jlausßler, a native of Tip-
perary, Ireland, aged b9 years and 9 months.
fDtibuque (Iowa) papers please copy.l
jgEJ" Friends are respectfully invited to attend
the funeral THIS DAY (Wednesday) from St.
Bridget's Church, - corner Broadway and Van
Ness avenue. < where a solemn requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of her
soul, commencing at 9:30 o'clock a. v,
JACOBS— In this city, February 23. 1896, George,
only son of Henry and Carrie Jacobs, a native of
" San Francisco, aged 3 years and 8 months.
JENSEN — In this city, April 6, 1896, Niels P.
- Jensen, a native of Denmark, a?e.l 60 yean.
ftn'l'ririHii and acquaintances ■ are ■ resDect-
folly invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Wednesday^, at 10 o'clock a. m.. from the par-
lors of Charles J. B. Metzter. 636 Washington
street. Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery. ■ .• .
KELLER— this city, April 6, 1896, Mrs. Eliza- •
beth M. Keller. . , -
flfig-The funeral will take place THIS DAY
(Wednesday). at 9 o'clock a. it., from her lat»
residence, 306% Hayes street, thence to St. Ig-
natius Church. Hayes street and Van Nes«
avenue, where a requiem high mas* will 'be
celebrated for the repose of her , soul, com-
mencing at 9:30 o'clock a. m. Interment Holy
. Cross Cemetery. • ,
KINGBHOTT— In this city, April 6, 1896, Matilda
Kingsbott, a native of England, aged 68 years. ■
LOGAN— In this city, April 7, 1898. Elizabeth
Logon, beloved wife of Michael Logan, and sister
of Mrs. S. Lyons, a native of Castle Blaiceiy,
County Galway, Ireland, aged 92 years.
•¥" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Thursday), at 1 o'clock p. m., from her late
residence, 16 Sumner street, off Howard, between
Seventh and Eighth. • Interment Cypress Lawn
Cemetery. ■- ■ - ■ . •■ •■ ' •
MARQUEZ— In this cltv, April 7,1896, Gabriel,
beloved nephew of Mrs. Morales, aged 15 years.
MARHTON— In Los Angele«. April 5. 1898, Henry
L. Marston, beloved brother of B. S. Marstoa of
Oakland, a native of Maine, aged 63 years.
MAYER— In this city, April 7, 1896, * : Emma
Mayer, beloved daugnter of Wanda Mayer and
the late Wendeltn Mayer, sister of Otto, Ella,
Rudolph and Albert Mayer and Mr*. Lambert
Becker, a native of San Francisco, aged 19 yean
4 months and 21 years. "-■,■- .
■ fISr Friends and acquaintances -are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock p. v., from . her late
residence, 708 Lombard street. Interment
; 1. O. O. F. Cemetery. ' • - -••
MoGUIRE— In this city, April 7, 1896, Patrick
McGulre, husband of Ann McGulre, a native of
I Ireland, aged 65 years. . ...
MOORHEAD— In this city, April A, 1896. Anna
- Moorhead. beloved mother of Jennieand the late
Robert Moorhead, a native of Ireland, aged SI
years. The funeral will" take < place. THIS DAY
aSTThe funeral will take place TIIIS DAY
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock p. m.. from the par-
lors of Carew & English, 19 Van Ness avenue,
: near Market, Interment Mount Calvary Ceme-
'.- tery. :, :• v • - ■ ■■ ■ .-•-,■. ■: ■ :
MYERS— In this cltv, April 5. 1898, . Samuel
' Myers, a native of England, aged (ii years.
%g~ Friends and acquaintances • are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock r. m.. from th* par-
lors of H. C. porter A Co.. ■ 122 Eddy street.
Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
PARK— In this city. April 7, 1836. Mrs. . Alma
Angusta Park, widow of the late Dr. F. A. Park,
a native of Massachusetts, aged 65 years. I
. US" Notice of funeral hereafter. ■ ■ • ' • . ' .
ROBOVICCH-In this city. April 6, 1 896, wife of
Pater Rosovicch, and sister of Mrs. Mullhnlland,
Mrs. Kane and Patrick Rodden, a native of ■
County Donegal/Ireland, aged 40 years.
js*~Friends ana acquaintances are • respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Wednesday), at 1 o'clock p. , m., from the
late residence, 48*4 Erie street, : thence to St.
Charles Church, Eighteenth and Shotwell streets.
Interment Italian Cemetery.
TOWNLEY— In Lincoln, Nebr., March 31, 1896,
Lesa, youngest daughter or Lieutenant it. H.
and Mrs. Townley (nea Gerke). .' ; .
WILLIAMSON— In this city, April 7, : 1896. Mra.
Mary Williamson, hclovad wifeof the late Henry
" Williamson, and. mother of John, Henry -and.
.' Joseph Williamson, a native of Ireland, aged 56
■'. years. ' ■' ■ ;,;' : -■ '" *■"- - ' •■■" ' -*■ ■"■ ■" • J
I UNITED UNDERTAKERS^^"™""
EMBALMING PARLORS. I
Everything Requisite for Fir3t-cia« Funerals
' , . .--at Reasonable Rates. > .- - '-
; Telephone South 167. - 27 and 29 Fifth st.
I McAVOY & GALLAGHER, -.-"'* I
FUNERAL DIRECTORS A EMBALJIERsi
■•0 WUth St. , Opp. Lincoln School.
; . ■ - Telephone 8080. ' '
1516
CAN MAKE A
THREE-GENT RATE.
Railroad Commission May-
Reduce Streetcar
Fares
A CONSTITUTIONAL ACT.
Some Interesting Legislative
History of Fifteen Years
Ago.
"TRANSPORTATION COMPANIES"
Ashbury Heights and Stanyan Street
Improvement Club Begins the
Nickel War.
The Ashbury Heights and Ftanyan
jFtreet Improvement Club at its meeting
!Monday evening struck the keynote of a bit
of a tune that will play around tbe ears of
• the Market-street Railway Compatiy for
-fiome time to come. It is no less than an as
.sertion that street railways are under the
.constitution of the State subject to the
-came privileges and restrictions as other
transportation companies. Consequently
Ho-day a committee from the club (E. N.
'Tritz, F. W. M. Lange and William L.
Growall) will go before the Railroad Cora
•dissioners and ask that a single passenger
•iare on the streetcar lines in San Francisco
'fee reduced to 3 cents.
The following are the resolutions passed
the club Monday evening:
Whereas, The present management of the
Railway Company have deter
.mined, in utter disregard ot the safety, con
venience and rights of the traveling public of
j*his City and County, to so conduct their sys
tem as to -wrench fro in the people all that the
..traffic will bear, and have by their manner of
restriction so surrounded the transfer system
:of their company with inconveniences and an
noyances as to render the same practically of
'little convenience; and whereas said com
>j>any has, by the abandonment of parts
of its franchises and its refusal to run
cars on mauy parts of its lines at times
suitable to the convenience of the public,
igreatly injured and decreased the value of
rreaity in this City and County; and whereas
ihe amount of revenue received from said sys
tem is much more than sufficient to furnish a
just and reasonable compensation to the own
■vrs thereof for the service rendered; and
v hereas section 22 of article XII of the consti
tution of this State, defining ihe power of Rail
road Commissioners, provides "said Commis
sioners shall have the power and it shall l»
--their duty to establish rates of charges for the
transportation of passengers and freight by
railroad orother transportation companies, and
publish th<' tame bom time to time with such
changes as they may make;' and whereas no
authority exist? in the Legislature to limit or
take from the powers conferred upon said Com
missionen by ihe organic law of the State;
therefore be it
Raotoed. That we demand of said Railroad
Coam JMlonew that they proceed at once to
establish rates of charges for the transporta
tion of passengers on the various street rail
road? of the City nnd County of San Francisco,
and that a committee of three members of this
club be appointed by the chair for the purpose
of presenting these resolutions to said Board of
Kailroai Commissioners and taking such ac
tion in the matter as they may deem expedient
and proper; au>l further be it
Rr.<oheil, That in the opinion of this club the
present rate of such charges could reasonably
be reduced to 3 cents per trip without trans
fers.
A little legislative history pertinent to
the case wiil not he amiss at this juncture.
In 1879 the New Constitutional Conven
tion was wrestling mightily with its giant
task?. The Committee on Corporations
had the Railroad Commission on its hands
and down to that part of the great battle
field came all the forces of the Southern
Pacific. The members of that committee
were: M. M. Kstee (chairman), V. E.
Howard, Charles F. Reed, J. V. Webster,
George Steele, V. A. Gregg, 11. C. Boggs,
Clitus Burbour, J. W. Winans, John P.
West, W. P, White, Pressley Dunlap,
GeDrge W. Schell, James E. Dean, Patrick
Reddy and John M. Rhodes.
For weeks every section, every para
graph, every line of the proposed act de
lining the powers of the commission was
fought over without any gain for the trans
portation companies. The laws which de
fined the powers of the old Transportation
Commission which preceded the Railroad
Commission excepted street railroads and
the Southern Pacific's minority in the
committee sought to exclude these lines
from the future attention of the commis
sion then being created.
Hut the attempt was a failure and article
XII. section 2l\ of the hew constitution of
the State of California read in defining the
powers of the commission as follows:
Said KailroaiJ Commissioners shall have the
power, and it shall be their duty, to establish
rales of charges for the transportation of pas
sengers and freight by railroad or other trans
portation companies and publish the same
from time to time, etc.
The Committee on Corporations had
ruthlessly denied the prayer of tne rail
roads; and the street railroads, for which
they had contended were apparently a
p:irt of the "other transportation com
panies" in the fundamental laws of the
fctate.
Affairs slept nntil the next Legislature
met (1880), and the question awoke to re
newed activity. The Southern Pacific was
more at home in Sacramento that season
than it had been the year before, and not
withstanding the fact 'that a constitutional
enactment cannot be modified, restricted
and invalidated by the Legislature, that
fcody decided that the Railroad Commis
sion was not in it with a streetcar line,
and in the act of 1880, section 14, said :
The term "transportation companies" shall
be deemed to mean and include: First— All
companies owning and operating railroads
other than street railroads, within this State "
The astute attorneys of the Southern
Pacific buiided well, but better than they
knew, for while they evidently looked
ahead over ten or fifteen years of coming
prosperity for the Market-^trett Railway
Company, they could not have known
then to what mighty proportions the gre«t
corporation would arise.
A. J. Clunie, attorney for the Ashburv
Improvement Club, claims that no legis
lative act can limit powers granted and
conferieu under the constitution, and con
sequently the act of 1880 could not circum
scribe the powers granted the Commis
sioners under the constitution creating it.
"in the same constitution," said Mr.
Clunie yesterday, "the power which the
Legislature may exercise is defined and
limited, and i* as follows:
The Legislature may, in addition to any pen
alties herein prescribed, enforce this article by
forfeiture of charter or otherwise and may
confer such further powers on the Commission
ers as shall be necessary to enable them to per
Highest of all in Leavening Power. — Latest U.S. Gov't Report
Dsn^tl Baking
JBL usiszssa rUffllvl
ABSOLUTELY PURE
form the duties enjoined on them in this and
the foregoing section."
It will be observed that this provision
simply authorizes the Legislature to confer
further powers on the Commissioners, and
does not authorize it in any manner to re
strict the powers conferred by the consti
tution.
The railroad company, more watchful of
its interests than the people are of theirs,
and knowing that the words used in the
constitution necessarily included street
railroads, caused the Legislature of 1880 to
pass an act entitled "An act to organize
and define the powers of the Board of
Railroad Commissioners," and in section
14 of that act to provide the term "trans
portation companies shall be deemed to
mean and include — first, all companies
owning and operating railroads (other
than street railroads) within the State,'
etc.
"The idea of the railroad was that by
this definition they could limit tbe mean
ing of the words 'other transportation
companies,' as used in the State constitu
tion. The position of the attorneys for
the club is that the act can have no effect
and that the Legislature has no power to
limit the meaning of words used in the
constitution, especially where there is no
uncertainty or ambiguity about them.
"With the constitution clearly stating
that the Legislature cannot limit the
powers of its (the constitution's) enact
ments, as the constitution is the funda
mental law of the land and cannot be
changed or invalidated at a breath, I can
not see how the street railroad can get out
of the term 'other transportion compa
nies.' The whole question was fought
over in the constitutional convention of
1879 and the section reads quite plainly.
Of course the railroad Legislature of
1880 got in its deadly work, and hence the
Jittle joker of 'other-than-street-railroads'
was run in.
"Now we will bring this before the
Railroad Commissioners, and under the
constitutional enactment denning their
duties they will take the matter up. Of
course any work at the streetcar fares will
The Wigwam Theater That Is to B^ Removed to Make Room for the Sp ring Valley Building.
bring all the ponderous legal force of the
Southern .Pacific Railroad Company to
battle, and the war will be on. Thus the
State takes up the people's cause, and the
case has a proper standing. Of course any
reduction in the fares would be a death
blow to transfers, but the ptihlic would
still be the gainer because not 50 per cent
of the passengers ever take a transfer.
And, moreover, the restrictions the trans
portation companies are putting on the
transfers is fast making them a nuisance.
After a bit you will have to stick your
photograph on them or the conductor will
throw you off.' 1
SUPERVISORS BANQUETED.
An Entertainment in Honor of
the New Ocean View
Fire Engine.
Mr. Hobbs Was the Guest of Honor.
Music, Dancing and
Spseches.
After having been fifteen years without
a fire engine to protect their homes the
residents of Ocean View, to the number of
several hundred, celebrated the recent
completion of the Ocean View engine
house and the placing of a steamer in the
new structure last evening by a banquet
and general jollification at Murphy's Hall.
The entertainment took the form of an
ovation to Supervisor Hobbs, who repre
sents the district, and his entrance into
the hall was the signal for prolonged ap
plause. The hall was handsomely decor
ated with flowers, ferns and evergreens,
and a band played during the intervals
between the speeches.
The literary exercises opened with the
election of John T. Dare as chairman, and
after a suitable speech, in which he re
lated a number of anecdotes of Ocean View
in the early da\s, he introduced Super
visor Taylor, who with Supervisors Hobbs
and Dimond occupied .seats on the plat
form.
Mr. Taylor was followed by Supervisor
Hobbs, who was as diffident as a boy dur
ing his first recitation, but pulled himself
together when a magnificent bouquet of
La France roses was handed to him by one
of the belles of Ocean View.
Supervisor Diniund, John T. Daly and
A. P. Van Duzer also made appropriate
addresses, while Jabez Swan gave a
humorous recitation and J. Prendergast
sang a humorous song. Then the floor
wns cleared of seats and the band dis
coursed dance music.
Later, the guests adjourned to the ban
quet-hall in the rear of the hall and par
took of the excellent refreshments that had
been provided.
The dance was kept up until a late hour.
THE PUBLIC LIBRARY.
Judge K. C. Harrison . Vnaniraou'gly
Klected President.
The regular meeting of the Board of
Free Public Library Trustees was held
last night. It was expected that there
would be a lively time over the appoint
ment of a secretary, but the subject was
not broached, ana Miss M. T. Tyler will
be allowed to perform the duties of the
office for another month at least.
Judee R. C. Harrison was unanimously
elected president of the board in succes
sion to George T. Shaw, whose term has
expired.
Miss Carson was appointed librarian of
branch 2. It was decided to recatalogue
the books of fiction in the circulating de
partment of the library, so as to make it
more convenient for the patrons.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, APRIL 8, 1896.
SPRING VALLEY'S
NEW BUILDING.
On the Wigwam Premises,
Corner of Geary and
Stockton.
A MODERN STRUCTURE
Historic Associations Connected
With the Republican
Wigwam.
MEMORABLE POLITICAL EVENTS
Where the San Francisco Legions of
Garfield, Harrison and Blame
Rallied.
Tht old Republican Wigwam at the
southeast corner of Geary and Stockton
streets, known during late years as the
Wigwam Theater, will shortly be demol-
ished or moved to make room for a mag
nificent modern building seven stories
high. The Wigwam can hardly be classed
as an old landmark, but it possesses a
history closely identified with many ex
citing political campaigns. From its spa
cious auditorium marched the legions of
the Garfield Invincibles in that memorable
campaign in which General Hancock car
ried California by the smallest majority
ever recorded in a Presidential election in
this State. The Morey forged letter did
the work and cheated the Republicans of
the State electoral vote for their candi
dates.
In the Wigwam rallied the foilowers of
Blame and Harrison, and there the San
Francisco Republicans shouted for Estee
wnen ne ran aeainst Stoneman, and ap
plauded Swift when he campaigned against
Bartlett.
Many orators of State and National re
nown have addressed audiences in the
historic building. Ratification meetings,
nominating conventions and informal
audiences meeting to hear and cheer elec
tion returns have assembled at the Wig
wam. Often Republicans, elated with the
news of victory, lormed in line and
marched triumphantly along the principal
streets. On other occasions they waited
until the last hope of success had van
ished and went home gloomy and dis
pirited.
The building was used as Kepublican
headquarters from the Gar Geld election of
1880 until the Markham campaign. When
MarJkham was nominated the leaders of
the party erected the Wigwam, now
known as the Auditorium, at the corner
of Eldy and Jones streets. Since then the
old Wigwam has been leased for all sorts
and varieties of public entertainment.
The present lessee keeps it closed now, so
that patrcnage may not be diverted from
the Orpheum, anotherplace of amusement
which he controls.
The 50-vara lot, on which stands the old
Wigwam, belongs to the Spring Valley
Water Company. It was purchased from
James Keene, the noted stockbroker, in
lti~>>, and is regarded as one of the choicest
pieces of real estate in San Francisco.
For years the directors of the Spring Va
lley Water Works have discussed from time
to time the proposition to erect on the big
lot a building commensurate with the ex
pansion of the City and the wealth of tne
water corporation. Conservative directors
at first glance opposed the plan, fearing
that the building enterprise would impose
additional burdens on ratepayers, but
finally their objections were overcome
when facts and figures weije submitted
showing beyond reasonable doubt that the
income from a modern edifice six or seven
stories high would justify the outlay and
return a handsome profit on the invest
ment.
In due time the well-known architect,
Clinton Day, was requested to prepare
plans in accordance with the suggestions
of the directors and submit the same to
the board. The Dlans were accordingly
drawn and have been accepted, subject to
some slight modifications.
The new building will afford ample office
accommodations for the president, engi
neers, cashier, collectors and superintend
ents of the company. As the building will
cover a Jifty-vara lot there will be many
apartments for rent, and in this location
it will not be a hard task to secure desira
ble tenants. The offices facing north and
west will command a fine view of Union
square.
SUCCESS OF THE SEALERS.
The Release or the Winchester Ends
All litigation.
The release of the schooner Winchester
in the United States District Court in this
City yesterday morning, upon the motion
of United States District Attorney Foote,
was the last step in the proceedings had at
Washington for many months t>astto save
this schooner and the Bowhead from for
feiture for alleged violation of the sealing
regulations of 1895.
The Bowliead had been released, and the
dismissals in both cases were upon specific
instructions from the Secretary of the
Treasury received a few days ago by Dis
trict Attorney Foote.
As the alleged acts of the seajerg ap
peared to be technically in violation of
the law, Attorney T. D. Riordan, repre
senting all the shareholders, appealed to
the equity of the Treasury Department for
a release of the forfeitures. The cases
were favorably considerea by the authori
ties at Washington, but it was necessary
to have an amendment ot the law under
which they claimed authority to dismiss
the proceedings. Attorney Il'iordan pro
cured this essential act of legislation by
Congress, and the release of the forfeitures
upon the order of the Secretary of the
Treasury promptly followed.
A CALL TO GROWERS.
Invited to Attend the Horticultural
Society's N#xt Meeting in the
State Capitol.
President B. M. Lelong of the State Hor
ticultural Society has issued the following
invitation for the next meeting of the so
ciety :
The State Horticultural Society at Its last ses
sion amended its by-laws providing for two
meetings monthly, one on the second Friday of
each month at Sacramento, and the other on
the last Friday In San Francisco. The first of
this series of meetings will be held in the State
Capitol on Friday. April 10, commencing at
10:30 a. m. Vessrs. B. F. Walton and H. P.
Stabler of Yuba City and R. D. Stephens of Sac
ramento were appointed a committee on pro
gramme and arrangements and a rare treat by
way of papers and discussions will await those
who may attend. Fruit-growers and others in
tcrested'are invited to these meetings and re
quested to bring any fruit samples or en
tomological specimens for determination, also
mechanical orchard appliances, etc.
It is lobe hoped that there will be a large
attendance, as matters of great importance to
the horticultural industry will come up for
discussion and action taken for future meet
ings. All will receive a cordial welcome.
B. M. Lelong, President.
E. J. W'icksok, Secretary.
San Francisco, Cal., April 7, 1896.
TWO BURGLARS ARRESTED.
Forced an Entrance Into an Unoccupied
House at South Park.
William White and Frank Dolan, the
former giving his occupation as that of a
tinsmith and the latter stating that he is a
laborer, were arrested last evening by Po
liceman J. J. Reilly and detained at the
Southern police station on a charge of
burglary.
The two men were in the act of forcing
an entrance into an unoccupied house at
45 South Park, when they were detected
by Officer Reilly. They were allowed to
continue their work, in order that in event
they gained an entrance their capture
would b^ more easily effected.
They finally forced the door and entered
the hallway, when the officers appeared at
the doorway and placed them under
arrest. When searched at the police sta
tion a revolver and burglar's jimmy were
found on White's person, and in addition
to the burglary charge he was also booked
for carrying a concealed weapon.
In the last few months a number of
vacant houses on South Park have been
entered and the gas fixtures and lead pipe
stolen. The police are confident that they
now have the men who have been com
mitting these crimes and are positive, a?
the men were caught in the act, of secur
ing their conviction.
METHODIST VS. HEBREW.
The Rev. Mr. Goodwin's Piquant
Rejoinder to Rabbi
Voorsanger.
Methodists Will Receive Converts
From the Synagogue if They
Wish to Come.
The following communication in relation
to the Rev. Dr. Voorsanger's attitude
toward the Christian-Jewish mission has
been received:
To the Editor of the San Francisco Call— Sir:
In this morning's issue of The Call my name
i« mentioned in connection with "Voorsanger's
Reproof" and the Christian-Jewish mission.
Rabbi Voorsanger appeared among the Metr.o
dist ministers yesterday morning unannounced
nnd uninvited, so far as appears, and proved
his eouruge, if not his courtesy, by making a
number of "suggestions" that proved his direct
lineal descent from those who made some
similar but more violent "suggestions" to the
converted Jews, I'aul and Silas, in Philippi
severul years ago.
That "prominent Methodist divine" who
told your reporter that "we none of us Know
how to act" was in error. If Miss Anthony
had not been promised the floor — thus pre
cluding any discussion— there would huve been
some prompt and lively action. Methodist
preachers are not noted for turning the other
cheek when slapped by a vainglorious and
self-important censor.
The fact is that there some Jews in this City
who have discarded Judaism and embraced
Christianity— though they are not many nor
wealthy— and these ask Christians of all de
nominations to encourage and strengthen
them. Some of the converted Jews are of as
good blood as the rabbi, and of as good char
acter, though not of the same social or finan
cial standing.
It is the blessed privilege and bounden duty
of Methodist preachers to aid these, and uo
suggestions from the worthy rabbi will affect
them. When a Jew comes to know that the
Jewish religion 1s merely for the Jewish race,
while Christianity is for all races, he is at lib
erty to come out of his shell into a new and
larger world.
A Jew who had not "lost his character among
his own people" — a man nearly equal to Rabbi
Voorsanger in scholarship, wealth and social
standing, and whom it did not take $30,000 to
convert — once wrote: "1 am not ashamed of
the Gospel of Christ, for it is the power of (Jod
unto salvation to every one that believeth— to
the Jew first, also to the Greek." Our bellicose
brother ought not to complain of Christianity,
since the Jew gets the first cnance at it.
That the Jews are intelligent, industrious,
shrewd in business, loyal and good citizens is
not in dispute, but that there are 2,000,000 of
Israel in the Uuited States may be questioned.
The United States census for 1890 gives 533
congregations of Orthodox and Reformed Jews
with 130,496 member?, and these statistics
were given by Philip Cowen of the American
Hebrew and are supposed to be reliable.
It is true that only the head of the family is
counted in Jewish congregations. It is hardly
thinkable, however, that each head of a family
represents fifteen persons— albeit the Jews gen
erally adhere closely to the injunction given
to Adam as to posterity.
But this bit of statistics on the part of the
rabbi cuts no figure, though th« same census
puts "all Methodists" at 4,589,284 communi
cants. We wish to assure our bold, brave and
eloquent brother that if any of his people see
the error of their ways, forsake their sins, pro
fess Christ and want to lead good lives, we, as
Methodists, will do what we can for them,
without saying to the good rabbi, "By your
leave"; and if any Methodists prefer Moses
to Christ we hope the rabbi will tenderly care
for them, and we will pray for them and for
him, and help him to start and conduct a mis
sion for "Hebraised Christians."
W. R. Goodwin,
Pastor California-street M. E. Church.
Ladies' Southern ties, $1 45, all shades, every
toe. Kyan & Ryan, 10 Mongomery avenue, •
AN OWL SERVICE
FOR RICHMOND
A Mass -Meeting in the
Western Addition for
Late Trains.
NO CAR AFTER MIDNIGHT
Sutro Electric and Sutter-Street
Cable Company -Will Be
Appealed To.
MR. SUTRO TO RUN HIS LINE.
President Morrow Says the Sutter-
Street Cable Must Stop at
i O'Clock.
The residents of the Western Addition
and Richmond District will ask the Sutro
Railway Company and the Sutter street
Railroad to give them better transfer
facilities.
To accomplish this end a mass-meeting
Will be called to-day for Saturday night.
The two improvement clubs of Richmond
will join hands on this occasion, which
insures a largeand enthusiastic gathering.
The meeting is not called for the pur
pose of protesting against any evil, Imagi
nary or otherwise, but to ask the two rail
roads to assist the people who are now
aiding them by their patronage. Rich
mond and the Western Addition people
want a late car service, an "owl system"
in other words, and they look to Sutro's
combination to give it to them.
It i? contended by those who live in the
western half of the City that their prog
ress is seriously retarded by the discrimi
nating methods adopted by Manager Vin
ing. This is particularly apparent since
the new electric line was started. Instead
of making a bid for public patronage,
according: to those who observe such
things, the Market-street Railroad has re
stricted its service and abandoned certain
lines in the district.
It is for the purpose of putting these
matters squarely before the public, and at
the same time asking additional favors of
the people's line, that the mass-meeting is
called.
"Of course everybody fully understands
and in a measure appreciates the disreput
able tactics adopted by the Market-street
Company," said T. G. Parker, tha well
known Richmond real estate agent, yes
terday. "1 use the term 'appreciate'
advisedly because the people at large
know their methods fully.
"For a long time past our people have
been aware of the indignities heaped upon
them by this corporation, but not until
Sutro built his road were they in a posi
tion to enter a protest. Even then there
were many who were not willing to cast
off the old love without another trial.
The majority accordingly fell into line and
the old railroad was asked to make certain
concessions.
"Instead of acceding to this they seem
to have done everything in their power to
make bad matters worse. For example,
some weeks ago they inaugurated a new
and most harassing schedule. Every
other car starting from the ferry — the
even nnmbers — goes only as far as Central
avenue. Passengers desiring to go to the
park must get out at this point and wait
for an odd-numbered car. To make con
fusion worse confounded this schedule is in
force from 5 o'clock in the morning until
lin the afternoon. Then for the next five
hours every car goes through to the park.
After 6 o'clock the morning schedule is
again put on. The traveling public, to use
a common phrase, 'hardly knows where it
is at.'
"Now this kind of a schedule is in direct
violation of the conditions of the franchise.
When the Sacramento line was extended,
about two years ngo, the Market-street
Company agreed to furnish the same ser
vice along the entire line. They are vio
lating this pledge day after day", yet there
seems to be no legal way of making them
live up to the original agreement.
"There is one way, however, to remedy
this, and that is for the people interested
to declare a sort of boycott. We have de
termined to do this by asking the Sutro
railroad and the Sutter-street people to
add to the excellent service now afforded
us by inaugurating the 'owl' system.
"Richmond and the Western Addition
demand a late service and we look to
Sutro to give it to us. There are hun
dreds of people who would come to Rich
mond if there was only some way of
reaching here alter 12 o'clock. This is
essentially a district for laboring man or
capitalist, but the late toiler must have a
means of getting home when his day's
work is ended. The rich man has his car
riage and is, therefore, independent of
Sutro, the Market-street Company or any
one else.
"This mass-meeting, which is called for
Saturday night, will pass resolutions ask
ing the Sutro Company to run cars half
hourly from 12 until 2:30 a. m. If they
will do this I can almost guarantee them
the entire traffic of the Richmond district.
Our people are becoming exasperated and
I know of hundreds who now walk blocks
in order to avoid paying Mr. Huntington's
corporation 5 cents.
"If the owl system is adopted by the
Sutro combination, Mr. Vining may just
as well stop all his cars at Central avenue.
Our people would not then, under any cir
cumstances, patronize the old cable line.
"Of course, we would like to get a
cheaper fare if possible — say, 3 cents — but
our present figiit will be for a late service.
Cheap transit will come in time, but an ex
tra service must be fought for. I have
reason to believe that the Sutro Company
will accede to the demands of the mass-
meeting, if only for one reason — that they
have business capacity enough to under
stand the public cannot be indiscrimi
nately and continually 'damned.' "
Editor Bond of the Richmond Banner is
strongly in favor of the owl-car system.
In fact he approves of anything that tends
to enhance the interests of Ricumond.
"The idea is a good one — excellent, in
fact," he said, "and I am sure the mass
meeting will result in much good. This
section of the City is crowing last and
solidly, and we need just something of
this kind. Everybody out here is sick of
Mr. Vining and his company, and we are
patronizing Sutro because he has so far
treated us welL There is no reason to be
lieve that the new company will fall into
the error of doinp otherwise."
Everybody in Richmond seems to be
thoroughly enthused with the idea of a
late-car service. The Call representative
talked to some twenty people of the dis
trict yesterday, all of whom thought favor
ably of the project.
The indications now point to a big dem
onstration, which will be difficult for Mr.
Sutro and the Sutter-street Railway Com
pany to overlook.
Mayor Sutro when interviewed yester
day stated that he was perfectly willing to
accommodate the people of the Western
Addition with a late train if the Sutter
street company would connect with his
cars.
"The travel will be light at that hour,"
said he, "but I will give it a trial. There
will be a late train anyhow the evening of
the Yale celebration at the beach. But of
course unless the Sutter people run their
\_^ „_■___ HEW TO-DAT-DRT GOODS. '. . „ /^--'
FRENCH
r^ tx *^ l a i
DRESS FABRICS!
Spring: 1896!
On Monday, April 6th, we will show a
most elegant collection of PARIS NOVEL-
TIES in COLORED DRESS FABRICS and
invite an early inspection of the varied
styles on exhibition. The assortment in-
cludes MOHAIR DIAGONALS, PERSIAN
NOVELTIES, BAYADERE ETA MINE, .
GLACE DIAGONALS, URSULINE MO-
HAIRS and DRESDEN NOVELTIES.
/■^-SPBOIAL!-^
2 cases 50-inch ALL-WOOL BEIGE MIXTURES, Summer
colorings - - - - - - Price, 75c per yard
*E== — SPECIAL, ! I—^*
2 cases 46-incli ALL-WOOL IMPORTED CHEVIOT SERGES
(new Spring shades) - - Price, $1.00 per yard
*£=£ — SPECIAL ! —^
1 case 47-inch ALL-WOOL FRENCH MOHAIR SDITIIGB,
solid colors, new tones ■ • Price, $1.50 per yard
Btt" Samples sent upon application.
4y Country orders receive prompt attention. '•;.'.;>
t!tf Goods delivered free In San Rafael. Sausallto, Blithe--''
dale, Mill Valley, Oakland, Alameda and Berkeley.
TEXjuraoawas 3vca.xn 5777.
111, 113. 115, 117. 119. 121 POST STREET.
line there will be no need of our cars going
over the track."
President Morrow of the Sutter-street
Railroad Company is not in favor of a
later service.
"We must stop our machinery at 1
o'clock," said he, "because we must have
four hours in which to overhaul the cable
and the large wheels or drums in the pits
at the ends of the tracks. This cannot be
done while the engines are in motion, as
several of our men have been fatally in
jured while working around the whirling
machinery. To run till 2:30, as the Rich
mond people desire us to do, is impossible
under the circumstances. And moreover,
I doubt that it would pay, as the travel is
light after midnight. Only a lew people
are downtown at that hour. I know this,
as our cars begin to run light at that
time."
A JOKE FROM THE BENCH
Judge Daingerfield Displays
Humor in the Martin
Case.
Witnesses Who Corroborate the P.ain
tiff's Story— Evidence as to
His Character.
The Martin case claimed another day in
Judge Daingerlield's court yesterday, and
its lawyers and witnesses were listened to
by the biggest crowd that h.is yet packed
itself into Judge Daingertield's new court
room.
To enliven matfers Judge Daingerfield
perpetrated a joke — the firs,, he has been
guilty of since he ascended the bench —
but it was such a surprise to the audience
that only a few of the bolder ones laughed,
and so the judicial scintillation of wit was
not accorded the applause it desei ved.
Martin himself was the first witness of
the niorninp and after some questions by
the defense he was turned over to his own
counsel again for redirect examination.
He said under Mr. Delinas' questioning
that he had been in the wine business, «nU
the resorts it was charged he had fre
quented were among his customers. He
said his habits while here were as good as
those of any one else, and that while he
had visited the Midway Plaisance a few
times still he had seen there men of rank
and station. It was in connection with
this that his Honor got off his joke.
"There were men of rank and station?"
asked Delmas.
"Yes, sir."
"Who were they?"
The Judge objected, as there was no
reason for bringing in other people, he
said.
"But there were men of high station
and rank?" asked Delmas.
'"Yes, sir."
There was a pause. His Honor waited
for a (juestion which Delmas failed to pat
Leaning forwara. he put it himself.
"And how rank were they?" his Honor
asfced. as he frowned on the witness but
the crowd tittered, the bailiff rapped for
order and the answer was lost in the con
fusion which followed. It was Judge
Daingerneld's first judicial joke.
Captain Crowell, Martin's ex-partner,
testified to the plaintiff's good character,
and Dr. Charles G. Kuhlman as to how
Martin h present ailment was the result of
cold and exposure wnile suffering from
locomotor ataxia. Homer H. Traceman
corroborated the account triven of the
episode on the train, and a Mr. Rowley as
to Martin's good character and business
capacity.
In Rowley's examination counsel for
different sides came to a clash. Barnes
asked a question which Delmas thought
unfair, and he said so, and asked the pro
tection of the court for the wftness. The
court ordered a more orderly cross-ex
amination.
Abandoned Her Babe.
Mrs. Weber, 224 Linden avenue, left Frances
Montgomery, a baby pirl about two month*
old, at the Receiving Hospital last night. She
said the baby's mother. Mrs. Montgomery, had
been boarding at her house, but she had dis
appeared without paying her board bill, leav
the child behind her. Mrs. Weber did not
want the baby, so she thought the best way was
to take it to the hospital. The child has the
appearance of not having been tenderly cared
for.
A New Reader.
To-morrow evening at 8 o'clock Greenville P.
Kleiser of New York, a reader and impersona
tor, will give one of his unique entertainments
at the Young Men's Christian Association au
ditorium. Mason and Ellis streets. By special
request he will give "Our American Cousin."
This will be Mr. Kleiser's first appearance in
San Francisco.
I NEW TO-DAT.
FURNITURE
— por
4 ROOMS
$75.
Parlor — Silk Brocatelle, 5-Pelce Suit, plash
trimmed. * ™
i Bedroom— 7-Peice Elegant Suit, bed, bureau,
washstand, two chairs, rocker and table; pii.
lows, woven wire and top mattress.
i Dinine-Koom— »-*"ooi .Extension Table, four
Solid Oak Chairs. ,
Kitchen— Kange, Patent Kitchen Table and tw«
• . Chairs. ; . . ...
.; EASY PAYMENTS.
Houses furnished complete, city or country any-
where on the Coast. Open evenings.
M. FRIEDMAN & CO.,
224 to 230 and 306 Stockton
and 237 Post Street.
_ O*Free packing and delivery across th« bay.
PATRONIZE HOME INDUSTRY.
BUY DIRECT FROM THE
MANUFACTURER.
REFINED BAR IRON SI. ban*
ANGIE IRON ; 2.15 flat
BAND 1R0N.:.............:....... 2.00 ••
Round Edge Tire Steel.. 2.10 flat
Ton •• 2.50 ••
Plow ' ■ " .........'• 2.25 '.'**
German Hammered " 3. 75 basa
Pick ** 4.00 ••
Machinery ; " ..' 2.00 •♦
Spring \ . " 2.50 ••
Cold Rolled " "... 3.25 ••
Finished Shafting. 3.35 ■««
Terms : — Cash. F. 0. B. Cars or Steamer
JUDSGN M'F'G. CO.
SAN FRANCISCO.
THE DEIMEL ~~
Linen-Mesh Underwear
Healthy. Comfortable, Cleanly, Durable.
FOR SALE AT THE STORE OF
The Deiniel Linen-Mesh System Company,
111 Montgomery St., Opp. Occidental Hotel. -
DISEASES
VI%IN SWAYNE'S
ABSOLUTELY CUBES. OINTMENT
tat rimple «ppllc»tion of "SwatWi Onmnirr- witho*
may internal medicine, will ere toy omi« of Tetter. B*l4
Bh«am.Rinr»onn.Plle«,Uch,Bor«i,rtmpl«».KrT«lt>«lM &T
B» m»««r how obftinate or lon* standing. B»H hr <lru«*Ui£
or i«il br m»U for M ct.« ■.1 Boz««. fl.» ii(£SrD£