VOLUME LXXIX.-XO. 1(50.
HOME-COMING OF THE PACEMAKER OREGON
How the Big "White Queen" of the
Navy Triumphantly Returned
With Her Great Record.
GRAND MARINE PARADE IN SAN FRANCISCO
Greeted With Honors by the Waiting Fleet— ln the Swell She
Made the Ships Bowed Proudly to Her— An
International Salute.
With brooms aloft the battle-shit) Ore
gon literally swept into port yesterday
morning the queen of her class. Very tri
umphant was her honu-cominjj, this noble
creation of steel and steam. Flags waved
around he;\>whistles screamed at her, and
the other vessels bowed to her on the
swell she made as she went by.
No such ship was ever riveted together,
for among her sisters she is the fleetest.
The Oregon, Now the "White Queen" of Battle-Ships, Returning From the Trial With Her Peerless Record and Her Long "Homeward
Bound " Pennant Flying. She Is .61 of a Knot Faster Than the Massachusetts and 1.15 Knots Ahead of the Indiana.
Her average speed of 16.79 knots beats the
Massachusetts' 16.15, beats the Indiana's
15.61. When the peerless Oregon was
laid on paper she was told to go fifteen
knots an hour. Then the Scotts ham
mered that idea into the ribs, bean:s,
plates and engine.-*. The great trial proves
that they builded letter than they knew,
andjtbe new battle-ship has outraced her
theoretical speed.
Yesterday morning the Oregon weighed
anchor at Santa Cruz, where she had*
taken a night's cool-off after she had set
the pace for the battle-ships of the world.
It was plowing across the ocean and a
heavy swell was on, but when the "big
one" got herself in motion she simply
went through the billows. Nothing in
the way of water can stop the Oregon, for
what can withstand about 10,000 tons of
metal driven by a force estimated at over
10,000 registered horsepower? At 11:30
she was sighted off the Heads and the
whole "harbor" went out to meet the
great white queen.
She slowed down to a few knots speed,
and, with her tug escort, came up the
bay. There never was such an imposing
water scene. The battle-ship moved slow
ly among the shipping lying at anchor
and the vessels screaming their steam
whistle weicomes around her. Bunting
waved from every mast on the bay and
from every staff on the docks. The ship
herself had her ribbons ou, and from the
great military mast blew outward in a
wide sweep the "homeward pennant."
This long streamer always flies in the
breeze that sends the absent cruiser home.
The battle-ship passed in close to the
wharves, tiving crowds of people thereon
an opportunity to see the new addition to
the navy. Captain Minor Goodall on the
bridge handled the ponderous mass with
extreme caution, well knowing that a
slight starboard wheel might run down
some anchored vessel or a few spokes to
port drive 10. 000 tons of steel into the
docks and possibly plo a- up the concrete
ferry foundations, which have been built
to outlive all time.
As the Oregon went by the Philadelphia
the people on the latter vessel read the
formers trial speed. and the legend, "Scott
bu the Cramps," a deplorably bad pun, if
nothing else. The men of the Cramps
cruiser cheered the que»n battle-ship in
the spirit of "brotherly love. "The Monad
nock was seen steaming down the bay
frora Vallejo, but she was too far away to
The San Francisco Call.
HARBOR YESTERDAY.
join in the reception tendered her big Pa
cihe Coast sister.
When the battle-ship steamed by the
Ccmanche that decrepit craft seemed to
draw up together and sink a little lower.
A vessel built thirty years ago is old, very
old, and must feel its age and helpless
ness. What a difference — not only of
years — between the two standing side by
side for a few instants. The Comanche
has 5 inches of armor belt and 10 inches
on her turret, while the Oregon has 18
inches armor belt and 17 on the turrets.
The Comanche has a 350-horsepower en
gine and the Oregon 0500. The Comanche
could once go six knots, while the new
battle-ship adds ten to that record.
The Oregon carries four 13-inch, eight
8-inch, four 6-inch and a secondary bat
tery, and the Comancbe carries two paro
dies. Should the Oregon's steam launch
ever take a notion to ram the Comanche,
it will indeed be "ring out the old, ring in
the new."
After passing out of toe thickest of the
moored shipping, the Oreeron let out a few
links and began to put the bay behind her,
just in practical demonstration of wuat
she had done. The waves on the ram went
ui> the incline a little higher, and the
wake astern had more foam in it.
The battle-ship was only going twelve
knots, but there is so much of her and her
motion is so apparent that she seems to
be racing away and will soon drop below
tfce horizon.
Off the Union Iron Works the Oregon
got her "home" reception, and the volume
and spirit of it was truly royal. Every
whistle shrieked to split its metal throat
a-nd every workman dropped his tools to
cheer for the great, beautiful, perfect
thing he had helped to create. They
wanted all the world to know that they
built the "White Queen," the first battle
ship of the sea*.
Presently the Zaragosa's gnna beean to
roar, and so Mexico saluted first with
powder her sister republic's latest fighter.
THE BUILDER RESTS.
Irvlnar M. Scott Returns Home,
Proud of the Completed Battle-
Ship and His Mechanics.
Irving M. Scott is justly proud of the
battle-ship Oregon, not only because of
her splendid record-breaking performance
on her trial trip, but for the remarkable
steadiness she maintained during a storm
and heavy sea encountered for twenty-four
successive hours on her trip up the coast
after leaving the Santa Barbara Channel,
where the official speed test was made.
The builder of naval prize-winners was
tired when seen last night at his home on
Rincon Hili. weary from the long nervous
tension incident to the whole experience
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY MORNING, MAY 17, 1896-THIRTY-TWO PAGES
of having the product of his skill subjected
to the most exacting tests required by the
regulations o' the United States Navy.
He was tired, but he was happy and a
smile of quiet satisfaction lighted un his
face a3 he talKed of the latest achieve
ment of the Union Iron Works and of
California.
The storm had evidently made a most
vivid impression upon his mind. At any
Ferry Passengers Rushing Forward to Catch a Glimpse of the Oregon as She Steamed Up the Bay.
rate it was the first feature of the Oregon's
whole cruise that be mentioned.
"It began blowing," said he, "at 3 o'clock
Thursday afternoon when we left Santa
Barbara, and when we rounded Concep
tion we encountered a gale and a heavy
sea.
"It had taken us from 3 o'clock until j
half-past 7 to go over the same course that i
we covered in two boon in the morning. I
We had to slow down to six knots, for the '
sea was so heavy that solid masses of !
green water broke completely over the '
turrets and reached a height of forty feet I
above the water line.
"Iron hatches that were not bolted down
were torn loose and one was washed over
board. But with all the force of the storm
and the continual breaking of mighty
seas she was so steady that at any time
her guns could have been effectively
operated. Of course she pitched in riding
the enormous swells, but she never rolled
at all.
"The storm was still raging when we
turned ii.to Monterey Bay at 4:30 p. m.
yesterday to get out of it.
"We left Santa Cruz at 7:30 this morn
ing and we came in through the heads at
li':2utliid aitcrnoun. On the way up this
forenoon we completed what was left of the
maneuvering tests required and they were
all most satisfactorily performed.
"The other tests wore made at Santa
Barbara 90011 after the trial of speed lor
that was over by 12 o'clock Thursday.
"Then for a couple of hours, while we
cooled down the machinery and let off
steam, we made such maneuvers as we
could before we anchored at Santa Bar
bara and gave the press representatives the
official results of the speed test. The
maneuvers consisted in stopping and in
reversing the engines while at full speed,
steerins with one wheel working and then
the other, with one set of steering gear
and then with the other.
"On the trial trip there was a good deal
of swell when we started, but we had al
ready waited three days for it to subside
and also for the stake boats to be anchored
in position along the course. When we
got along pretty well west, along toward
Point Conception, we met heavy seas that
came up over our turrets. Going back we
had the wind with us but the tide was
hard ajrainst us.
"The tests generally were in all respects
practically the same as those imposed
upon the cruisers and smaller naval
vessels. But the Oregon, you know, is the
third of the big battle-ships to be built in
the United States, and the tirst to be built
on the coast. As she is the finest of her
class, so she is the greatest ship that the
Union Iron Works has ever built.
"No, her speed is not due to any pe
culiar formation. She is built on the
Bame lines as the other battle-ships, the
standard design required by the Govern
ment, and she has the same water-line as
the others. Her great speed is due to
superior workmanship in her construc
tion, and the credit belongs to the me
chanics of San Francisco.
"California can surpass anything in the
rest of the world if the people will only
?tand together and quit discouraging what
they have.
"At Santa Barbara Mayor Whitney and
Admiral Harmony came aboard on a visit,
and at Santa Cruz the Mayor and the Dis
trict Attorney were among the prominent
visitors. Everywhere there seemed to be
the greatest interest and pride in the ship."
SAWED OFF THE HINGES
Prisoners Opened a Door and
Escaped From the Jail
at Newport.
Jackson and Walling Did Not Venture,
Because ol Being Afraid of
Lynching.
CINCINNATI, Ohio, May 16. — The
prisoners in the Newport, Ky., jail, sawed
the hinges off the rear door at 8 o'clock to
night, and all escaped except Jackson and
Walling, the alleged murderers of Pearl
Bryan, who refused to leave, thinking it a
plan to lynch them.
A crowd of several hundred people sur
rounded the jail when the news of the es
cape spread and a heavy patrol of police
were hurried to the scene.
As soon as the mob learned that the
alleged Pearl Bryan murderers were still
within the walls they became pacified and
were soon gotten under control. Both
Jackson and Walling had every oppor
tunity to leave with the others and when
found were in the jail corridor in a high
state of excitement.
At midnight none of the escaped prison
ers had been captured, though posses are
scouring the country in every direction.
A HEAVY SENTENCE
Omaha's Er-C\ty Treasurer Will End
Ilia !><iu» in I'rison.
OMAHA, Nebr., May 16.— Henry Bolln,
ex-City Treasurer, was this morning sen
tenced by Judge Baker of the Criminal
Court to serve a term of nineteen \ears at
hard labor in the State Penitentiary, and
in addition to pay a fine of $211,000. Bolln
was for nearly four years City Treasurer.
His peculation commenced a few months
after his election. His shortage was dis
covered last November. He was con
victed on his second trial last week, the
jury having disagreed on the first trial.
Bolin is 55 years of age, and nineteen
years practically amounts to a life sen
tence in his case.
Killed With a Hatchet.
SOUTH OMAHA, Nebr., May 17.—
Harry Oswald, a prominent young man,
was found dead at 1:30 this morning in
the rear of Pivonka's Hali. An ugly gash
in his head indicated that he had met his
death from a blow of a hatchet or some
other sharp instrument. Oswald was in
a saloon near by during the fore part of
the evening and is said to have had some
trouble there. No arrests have been made.
Itunknrtt Brethren Meet.
OTTAWA. KaKB., May lfi.— A National
convention of the Dunkard .Brethren
opened in Forest Park to-day. Delegates
from every country where the church has
an organization are expected to arrive to
morrow. The opening exercises were held
TO BATTLE FOR REPUBLICAN PRINCIPLES
in the tabernacle at 7 p. m. with a song
service, which was followed by a sermon
by Elder G. Studebaker of Shideler, Ind.
Five hundred tents have been put up on
the grounds and preparations made to
accommodate 15.000 delegates during the
meeting which continues until May 21.
GREETED BY STUDENTS
Sarah Bernhardt Wis Warmly Welcomed
at Rochester.
NEW YORK, N. V?, May 16.— A Re
corder special from Rochester, N. V., says:
Seventy-rive students of the University of
Rochester (Wednesday met Mme. Sarah
Bernhardt by appointment in her private
car that was sidetracked at Rochester.
They entered the car at one end, passing
through in hie, each one shaking hands
and speaking to her, many of the students
utilizing their smattering of French to
good advantage.
The madame asked all about the univer
sity, the duties and studies, and seemed to
be much interested in her young admirers.
As they left she instructed" her attendants
to give them some tickets for the evening
performnnce of "La Tosca."
After leaving the car the boys had a
great row over the distribution of the
pasteboards. For an hour or so they
wrangled, continuing their rumpus into
the halls of the college building and into a
room, where hostilities broke out. Chairs
and other movable objects were hurled at
those who had possession of the tickets in
the attempt to make them surrender. At
the evening performance the students oc
cupied prominent seats and made their
presence known in a demonstrative man
ner.
MIDFORD COLLEGE BURNED
Fire Started by the Overturning of a
Lamp in a Student's Room.
MEDFORD, Or., May 16.— The Medford
Business College was gutted by tire to
night. The blaze was started by the over
turning of a lamp in the room of a male
student while the young man was arrang
iiiL' the covers on his bed. The lamp ex
ploded and he had to run for his life, leav
ing all of his belongings to the flames.
About half of the furniture in the rooms
was saved. The loss exceeds $10u0, said to
be fully insured.
Fire in a l'enitentiary.
PADUCAH, Ky.. May 16.— The shoe
factory and broom factory inside the walls
of the branch penitentiary at Eddyville
was burned last night. Loss $100,000 with
light insurance. Four hundred convicts
will be idle until the shops are rebuilt.
The tire was started by convicts.
Flames Sweep a Village.
CORNING. N. V., May 16.— At 4 o'clock
this morning the village of Painted Post,
near this city, was visited by a disastrous
tire, entailing a loss of about $150,000.
Less than a year ago the village voted
against a water-works system.
flooded by a Cloudburst.
Vermii.iox, S. Dak., May 16. — Much
damage was done by a cloudburst here
this morning. Low lands were flooded
and several honseswere washed from their
foundations. Reports are received of
heavy losses to the adjacent country.
NO TIME THIS SESSION
Senators Will Not Wait to Dis
cuss the Pacific Roads
Funding Bill.
White Will See That the Patterson
Report Gets Into the
Record.
WASHINGTON, D. C, May 16.—Specu
lation is now rife as to whether there is time
enough to consider the Pacific roads fund
ing bill in the Senate at this session. Sen
ator White is of the opinion that there is
not. He said to The Call correspondent
to-nijht:
"This session will close within two or
three weeks. We will see the end of it at
least before June 16, when the Republican
convention meets. As hot weather ap
proaches and the date of the convention
draws near there is a manifest eagerness
of Senators to adjourn, and I do not be
lieve the Senate will consent to take up
the funding bill until there is time for
thorough discussion. There are several
Senators who will wish to be heard at con
siderable length. "
The Senator said, significantly: "lhave
written to Los Angeles for a copy of the
'Patterson report.' It is a voluminous
document, it is true, but it is almost out of
print, and if the bill comes up in the Sen
ate this session I shall read this report to
Senators so as to get it into the record. I
think it will nlso be listened to atten
tively. Perhaps I might reluctantly yield
a little time to Senator Allen or Senator
Morgan or some other Senator to discuss
the matter."
WEDDED AT WASHINGTON
Senator Stewart's Daughter Become* the
Bride of F. L. l'ntj.tnn Jr.
WASHINGTON, D. C, May 16.— Miss
Mabel Stewart, daughter of the Nevada
Senator, was married at 11 o'clock to-day to
Francis L. Payson Jr. of New York. The
ceremony toot place in the Stewart castle,
one of the famed residences of Washing
ton, amid remarkably elaborate floral dec
orations, and in the presence of a distin
guished company, including the Vice-
President, members of the diplomatic
corps and many national officials. After
the wedding breakfast the young couple
left for an extended tour. The bride's pres
ents were numerous, and were principally
diamonds and silver.
Baron Yon Kotze's Sentence.
BERLIN, Germany, May 16.— Baron yon
Kotze, formerly court chamberlain, was
to-day sentenced to two years' imprison
ment in a fortress for the killing of Baron
Schraeder, master of ceremonies of the
Prussian court. The duel, which grew out
of an anonymous letter scandal, which
some years ago convulsed Benin's highest
society, took place near Potsdam on the
morning of Aprii 10. Karon Schraeder was
fataliy shot In the abdomen.
To Mith/ttle the Sentences.
PRETORIA, BOOTH Africa, May 16.—
The Executive Council held a meeting
yesterday and resolved to give favorable
consideration to the petitions for mitiga
tion of the sentences imposed upon the
reform committee prisoners at an early
date.
Suicide of One Reformer.
CAPE TOWN, South Africa. May 16—
A dispatch from Pretoria says that Mr.
Gray, one of the recently sentenced mem
bers of the reform committee, became in
sane in jail and committed suicide.
PRICE FIVE CENTS
Chairman Arthur Names
the State Executive
Committee.
HIS CHOICE IS WHOLLY
UNBIASED.
Selects Leaders Who Cannot Be-
Manipulated by Faction
or Clique.
TEN CAN FRANCISCANS ARE
ON THE LIST.
An Early Meeting of the Body to Be
Held for the Purpose of
Organization.
PASADENA, Cat,., May IG.-Chnirman
Arthur of the recent Republican State
Convention to-day issued the following
announcement of the executive commit
tee of the Republican State Central Com
mittee, which he was directed to appoint
by the convention :
In accordance with the instructions of
the Republican State Convention, held at
Sacramento on the 3th and 6th days of
May, 1896, I hereby appoint the following
as the members of the executive com
mittee of the State Central Committee,
to-wit:
LEON SLOSS of San Francisco.
JOHN D. SPR ECKELS of San Fran
cisco.
W. W. SHANNON of San Francisco.
CORNELIUS O'CONNOR of San Fran
cisco.
M. R. HIGGINS of San Francisco.
A. RTJEFoi San Francisco.
HARRY N. GRAY of San Francisco.
W. A. S. NICHOLSOX of San Francisco
PABIS KILIUKN of San Francisco.
E. F. PRESTON of San Mateo.
frank Mclaughlin of Oroviiie.
A. B. LJCMMON of Santa Rosa.
JAMES W. REA of San Jose.
£. K. TaYLOR of Alameda,
M. H. WEIGHT of Pasadena.
FRANK A. MILLER of Riverside.
IRVING B. DUDLEY of San Diego.
FRANK P. FLINT of Los Angeles.
H. Z. OSBORNE of Los Angeles.
W. F. PARKER of Los Angeles.
W. P. GSQRGJS of Sacramento.
The members of said executive commit
tee are hereby requested to meet at the
rooms of the State Central Committee at
410 California street, in the City of San
Francisco, on Thursday, the 21st day of
May, 1896, at 2 o'clock p. m., for the pur
pose of organization.
W. B. Arthur, Chairman.
Pasadena, Cal., May 16, 1896.
The committee is regarded here as an
exceptionally strong and unbiased one,
and it is everywhere declared that Chair
man Arthur has fuinlled his promise that
the committee thould be selected in the
interest of the Republican party of the
whole State of California, and not be one
that could be controlled or manipulated
by any one faction or clique of the party.
"I fully realize 1 the responsibility placed
upon me by the Republican Convention,"
eaid Chairman Arthur to a Call corre
spondent, after the personnel; of the com
mittee has been made public. "To the very
close of th;it interesting and important
gathering, matters had gone very smoothly
and everything pointed to a successful
Campaign. But the real work oJ the
campaign was yet ahead of us. The
effectiveness, merit and ultimate results
oi the important worK to be done de
pended very largely upon the committee
• NEW TO-DAY.
'DISTRESSING Jjk
IRRITATIONS *gF
OF THE v^^^l
SKIN Joi|</
Instantly *&fwilfw
\ Relieved by Jlj\ IVy
((pitffißlllllMl
;To cleanse, purify, and beautify the skin,
ssnlp, and hair, to allay itching and irritation, to
heal chafing*, excoriations, and ulcerative weak-
nesses, to speedily cure the first symptoms of
torturing, • disfiguring skin and BC3lp humors,
nothing so pure, co sweet, bo wholesome, so
speedily effective as warm baths with Ccticura
Soap, and gentle applications of CUTICUBA
(ointment), the great skin cure.
Sold throughout the world. : Price, Ccticttra, lOci
Soap, 2Sc.: Kbsolybnt. «0c and »1. POTTiit Dsc«
*»d Chem. Corp., Sole Prop*., Bo.ton.
e.T" "■ How to Cure Skin Diimo," mailed free.
&co'§
COPPER RIVETED
AND
SPRING BOTTOM
PANTS.
EVERY PAIR GUARANTEES;
f OB SALE EVERYWHERE^2
to be selected by me. I believe that the
men I have chosen will perform their
duty well and faithftilly. I bave endeav
ored to select such as would be acceptable
to the party a.t lar«re, ami in whom it held
implicit confidence. We have a grand
wort before us, and every member of the
committee is fully capable of coping with
any situation that may arise."
Irrigation I'roperty Sold.
TOPEKA, Kans., May 16.— 8y a decree
of foreclosure, issued by the United States
Circuit Court, all the property of the
Western Irrigation and Land Company
was sold at public auction at the town of
La kin, in the county of Kearney, yester
day. The property consisted of 11,000
acres of land and tnirty-tive miles of irri
gation canal and laterals. The land and
improvements, including the canol and
laterals, cost the company $750,000. It
was bin in by an agent of the bondholders
for $ICK>,UOO.
J arewftl to America.
NEW YORK, N. V., May 16.— Henry
I.ving, Klltn Terry and the other mem
ber? of the London Lyceum Company said
farewell to America at Abbey's Theater
last night, and seldom Das such a scene
of enthusiasm been witnessed. Most of
the members of the company sail for Eng
land to-ilay. lrvinjr. Miss Terry aud Bram
Stoker, their representative, will sail on
Wednesday.
Failure of a Watch Company.
ROCKFORD, 111., May IG.— The Rock
ford Watch Company, 11. W. Price presi
dent, assigned this morning; capital stock,
$280,000. The la>t inventory, taken De
cember 31, showed assets of $400,000 and
liabilities of $110,000. The cause of the
assignment is depression in the watch
trade.
Wreck of a Freight Train.
GREEN HAY, Wis., May 16.— A freight
train on the Chicago, Milwaukee and St.
Paul was wrecked near here to-night.
Eniil Caspar, brakeman, John O'Connor,
the engineer and John Miller, a tramp,
were kilieci, and two injured.
BALLOTING FOR A BISHOP
No Choice Yet Made by the
General Conference of
Methodists.
Introduction of a Resolution Asking
Congress to Aid in Enforcing
Prohibition Laws.
CLEVELAND, May 16.— The result of
the third ballot for bishop was announced
at the general conference of the Methodist
Episcopal Church this morning. It
Bbowed no choice. It was as follows: C.
( . IfcGabe 282, J. W. E. Bowen (colored)
]H5, Earl Cranston I*l, J. W. Hamilton
138, H. A. Butts 153. Necessary to a choice
:: j rlo.
The fourth ballot resulted : McCa'oe 243,
Cranston 214.
The fifth ballot resulted: Butts 291,
Cranston 201, McCabe'J2S, Bowen &}, Ham
ilton 122.
In the conference this morning Rev. Mr.
Martindale of Kansas introduced a reso
lution asking Conj:Te*s to pass a l.iw pro
hibiting the issuance of licenses for the
Fale of liquor in States where there i-. a
prohibitory law. Adopted.
The discipline was so amended that per
sons baptized in infancy maybe rebap
tized if they ilosire it. It is expected that
the change will greatly help tbe church.
The announcement of the vote was joyfully
received.
.Major McKinley visited the conference
to-day and was received with great enthu
siasm. Bishop Joyce introduced him.
The conference adjourned after the
eighth ballot, late this afternoon, with ab
solutely nothing achieved in the way of
electing a Bishop. The eighth ballot re
sulted: Whole number of votes, 502;
necessary to choice, 335; C. C. McCabe
270, a gain of 30; J. W. E. Bowen (col
ored) 137, a loss of 8; Earl Cranston 263, a
loss of 5; J. W. Hamilton 100, a loss of 10;
H. A. Butts 280, a loss of 3.
The conference adjourned until Monday,
having concluded that such a course was
necesxary in order to avoid taking the
franchise away from a number of dele
gates who were going outside the city to
preach on Sunday.
Military Surgeon*' Convention.
PHILADELPHIA, Pa., May l'J.-The
sixth annual convention of the Associa
tion of Military Surgeons of the United
States which began here on Tuesday ad
journed to-day. A number of interesting
papers were read and discussed and the
following officers were elected: President,
Medical Director A. L. Gibon, U. S. N.,
now stationed in New Yors; first vice
president, Brigadier-General E. K. Foster,
Massachusetts Volunteer Militia; second
vice-y.residen;, Major John Van K. Hobb,
I . S. A., New York; secretary, Major
Hermon Burgin, Second Regiment, Penn
sylvania National Guard, Philadelphia;
treasurer. Captain James J. Erwin, O. N.
G., Cleveland. The next annual conven
tion will be held at Columbus, Ohio.
Secretary Morton's Appeal.
LINCOLN, Nedr., May IG.— J. Sterling
Mortorf, Secretary of Agriculture, is plain
tiff in an appeal suit filed to-day in the Su
preme Court, in which he seeks to restain
the issue of $40,000 bonds voted in aid of
the Missouri Pacific Railroad Company by
Otoe County, in which his home, Nebraska
City, is located, feecretary Morton con
tends in bis petition that the bonds were
illegally voted upon; that the county has
received no benefit and the only ones to
profit are private parties. In the District
Court at Nebraska City the Secretary was
beaten.
Xic Marzen Jiepriered.
SPRINGFIELD. 111., May 16.-Gover
nor Altgeld yesterday granted a reprieve to
Nic Marzen. who was convicted of mur
dering Chris Holtzeur on January 29. 1887.
Marzen was to have been hanged at Chi
cago to-day. The reprieve was granted
on the grounds that the prisoner did not
have time to take an appeal to the Su
preme Court and the finding of additional
evidence.
Execution Delayed.
KANSAS CITY, Mo., May 16.— A writ
of habeas corpus was issued yesterday by
Judge Dobson of the Circuit Court, in the
case of Poliard and Harrison, sentenced
to be hanced this* morning. It re
strains Marshal Kehler from executing
tbe death sentence. The proceeding is ex
traordinary in Missouri, as the Supreme
Court has affirmed the rinding of the lower
court.
Captain Kiltilea Acquitted.
NEW YORK. N. V., May lfi.-The jury
in the case of Police Captain Killilea, who
was tried to-day for the alleged receiving
of a j-ratuity of $100 from the managers of
the Yale-Princeton football game, played
at Manhattan Field on Thanksgiving day,
1892, brought in a verdict of not guilty.
Justice Keogh at once discharged the de
fendant.
Treasury Gold Jiescrre.
WASHINGTON, D. C, May 16.— The
treasury gold reserve at tlio close 'of busi
ness to-day stood at 1118,263^378. The
day 'a withdrawals were $51,100.
GREATER GROWS
THE DEATH ROLL.
At Least Two Hundred
Lives Lost in the Texas
Cyclone.
HORRORS ARE BEHELD.
Grewsome Task of Recovering
the Bodies and Rescuing
the Injured.
CARING FOR THE WOUNDED.
Scores of Physicians and Trained
Nurses at Work Among the
Disaster's Victims.
SHERMAN, Tex... May ML— The horror
stricken people of Grayson and Denton
counties have been engaged for the last
twenty-four hours in the grewsome work
of recovering and counting the dead vic
tims of yesterday's cyclone and allevia
ting the sufferings of the injured. The
story of the disaster to life and property
cannot be fully told to-night.
Two hundred corpses, by a conservative
estimate from all points stricken by the
fury of the elements, may cover the fatali
ties. Another hundred men, women and
children have already been reported seri
ously injured, and two score of these
sufferers are not expected to live.
The wounded in the neighborhood of
Sherman are scattered over a territory ten
miles in length, being cared for by friends
and strangers, which renders the task of
gathering names slow and difficult in the
midst of the accompanying Hood and
debris. The property loss is heavy.
The storm of wind, rain, thunder and
lightning began near Justin, in the south
east corner of Denton County, and passed
easterly and northerly through Grayson
County until the Red River on the Indian
Territory border was reached, when it di
vided into two bodies.
One passed to the east, striking the town
of Joel, Chickasaw Nation. The main fork
of the tornado continued due north some
distance above the earth, but descended at
Carpenter's Bluff, eight miles east of here,
tearing everything from its path. Houses
and barns were scattered over the prairies,
men, women and Children blown in every
direction, many being so badly injured
that fatalities may result. Stock were
Killed and the dead bodies carried lor hun
dreds of yards in midair. Large timbers
were picked up as if so much paper, twisted
and torn into splinters, and the stouter
pieces hurled through dwellings or what
may have been in the way. The cyclone
traveled 100 miles, but its width was con
tined to 150 yards.
Tfte list of dead as far as recovered and
identified is as follows: #
At Sherman, between Post Oak Creek
and Grays Hill— Mrs. L. H. Montgomery,
two children, third one missing and un
doubtedly dead; Otto Baldinger, two
children; John Ames, wife, one child;
Mrs. J . L. Burns, two children ; Elder J.
P. Shearer and wife; William Hamilton,
farmer; Mary 801 l Jenkins; Mrs. George
Anderson and infant daughter; Mrs. D<yre
Herring and two children; D. T. Pierce
and son Thomas; John Fields; T. H.
Pierce and three children; B. Herring;
Mrs. Elijah Zerns; Miss Herne and in
fant; white man and two white children
recovered this afternoon, not identified.
All the foregoing are white.
The colored dead are : Welsey Patrick's
infant child; Joseph Walker; Lucy Bal
linger and daughter Sloan : Mary, John,
Letitia and Fastus Lake; James Walker;
Nora Nickenson and two children ; Kate
King; Frank Andrews; granddaughter of
Lncy Ballinger, and an unidentified
woman.
At Denton, five killed and twenty
wounded.
At Justin, three killed.
At Howes and vicinity, twelve killed,
including Mrs. James Davis and three lit
tle girls.
Near Van Alstyne, Grayson County, Mrs.
Johnson killed.
Five miles southwest of Sherman, one
killed and five injured, one fatally.
At Gnbble Springs — Four killed, thirty
five injured.
At Mound Ridge— Six injured, one
fatally.
At Red River— John Devaut and three
member of family fatally injured.
At Joel, Chickasaw Nation — Twelve in
jured, some fatally; thirteen houses de
stroyed.
The village of Keller was destroyed and
several injured.
The following are among the seriously
injured at Sherman: Professor and Mrs*.
Kohler, J. B. Irwln's six children, Dr.
Michael, Mrs. Craigbead, Mrs. Atkins,
"Handwound" Clark, a horse-trainer;
James Herron, leg broken, head wound;
John Ames 1 two children; Jane and
Harriet Tucker, May Patty. Jim English,
Budge Patrick, wife and child; Ben
Cephalius, wife and two children; Mrs.
Chisholm, Charles Puckett, Murdy Pat
rick, Mattie Jefferson, Jane Muffing, Mrs.
John Lake, Georgie Nickerson, Tom Jen
kins, wife and rive children ; Henry Miller,
wife and two children; Granviile Jenkins,
piece of wood pierced a thigh ; Ed Halzell,
wife and son and B. F. Woodward, in the
cellar of the Halzell residence and buried
under debris; Harriet Lake (colored). Let
tie and James Burns. Jesse Brown
and wife; Ike Shearer, son of Rev.
Mr. Shearer, who was killed; Philip
Nichols, Mrs. John Irvine, four chil
dren and W. S. Boutwick, who was in
tbe Irvine residence: James, Hester and
Nanny NicKerson, of the family which was
partly killed; David Herring and Mrs. T.
H. Pierce, who alone escaped death at
their respective homes, probably fatally
hurt; Henry Patrick (colored) and three
children, Mattie Johnson (colored), fa
tally; John Newhouse, wife and four chil
dren, Harriet Henaricks (colored), legs
broken; Miss Eva Pierce, daughter of T.
H. Pierce, who was killed, leg and arm
broken ; Wrieht Clark and wife ; Mrs. Dan
Busty, cut her foot.
In the community, five miles from this
city a man named Taylor was killed, his
wife fatally injured, Buck Allsops, wife
and children badly hurt, and Mrs. Martin
was also injured.
Messrs. Dennis, Gibbons, Kiley. Brown
Howdy, Shell, Bob Martin, Corder, Dave-
Taylor, J. W. Fields, Despain and Jim
Davis had their homei swept into the air
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY 17, 1896.
and shattered to splinters in this settle
ment. Many barns were also destroyed.
The special and regular trains which
came into the gloom-enshrouded city to-
day were filled with volunteer physicians
and nurses, anxious relatives and friends
of the dead and injured.
Many parents of young ladies attending
the local colleges arrived to see that no
barm had befallen them. Searching
parties were sent out along the patn of th«
grim reaper to gather the harvest of bodies
from the flooded wreckage and relieve the
sufferings of these injured who had not
been found during the night. The women
of Sherman were as brave as the men and
much heroic work was don« for love of
humanity. The common sorrow obliter
ated the line which divides the negro from
the Southern white. Followers of the Red
Cross on the field of carnage could not
have done more than the white men and
women did to-day and last night for the
dying aud suffering survivors of the black
race, who comprised the majority of the
yctims.
The banks of Post Oak Creek, which the
cyclone made a cemetery 01, were lined all
day with hundreds of auxious and curious
visitors, watching with different feelings
the search for more bodies among the mud
and water soaked debris. Reports came
in from points down tne creek that the
loss of life outside the city limits had been
worse than feared. At the suspension
bridge dead and injured lay in every di
rection, and the few houses that had
escaped the wind were crowded with liv
ing victims. At the Houston-street bridce
corpses, dead and injured people formed. a
heart-randing spectacle.
All availaole wagons were pressed into
the services of the volunteer brigade to
remove the dead to thu morgue and the
living to the temporary hospitals. Seventy
one coffins had been sold at 2 o'clock this
afternoon, and neighboring towns were
called on to furnish more. It is known
that the death list in the outlying part of
this city will reach nearly 100.
Many persons are reported missinjr,
which is regarded as equivalent to being
numbered with the dead; in some cases
whole families not being heard from. It
is believed that many bodies of negroes
will yet be taken from Post Oak Creek.
The storm missed Denison by a gap of
two miles. The names of the victims in
other places cannot be obtained because
the telegraph and telephone wires are
down. The excitement to-night has not
abaed a bit, but the colored people have
recovered from their fright and are among
the hardest workers in the searching par
ties. Van Alystine, Howe, Bells, Denison
and Whitewright sent a score of physi
cians to help the local corps.
On Reynolds Prairie, twelve miles north
east of here, seven bouses, all occupied,
were blown down. Several occupants
were seriously hurt.
Last night the relief committee an
nounced that Grayson County would take
care of the dead and wounded without as
sistance. At that time the committee did
not know the extent of tho destruction of
property or loss of life. They made the
following announcement this afternoon:
"The loss of life and property by the
cyclone is much greater than was sup
posed last night and the number injured
is much larger. The dead and wounded
exceed 200 and the loss of property will
exceed $200,000. Sherman is taking good
care of all the wounded, but many families
have lost their all and are left destitute.
All contributions will be thankfully re
ceived, as they will help us to give to those
who must commence life anew."
OTHER SECTIONS SWIPT
Great Damage Itonc by the the Cyclone
in Southufestern Missouri.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., May 16.— Special tele
era ins from points in Southwestern Mis
souri announce that the cyclone of Friday
night did great damage in that section.
Near Golden City the north branch of
Spring River has overflowed thousands of
acres of growing grain. At Carthage a
locomotive went into a washout on tbe
St. Louis and San Francisco road. Engi
neer McDonald was scalded and Fireman
Russell's right leg was crushed. At
Neosho Scarrett College was unroofed and
a Baptist church wrecked.
JOI'LIN, Mo., May 16.— A very heavy
rain visited this city this morning, swell
ing Willow branch to a width of feet.
The stream crosses main street and many
business houses were flooded. The Pitts
burg and Gulf Railroad is washed out for
200 feet south of the depot and hundreds
of men will be thrown out of work for
some time, owing to tne Hooding of the
mines. The water rose to a height of six
feet on Main street, undermining the
foundations of three stores and Hooding
others so that the doors burst open. A
score of families were driven from their
homes. The total loss is estimated at
$40,000, the mine-owners being the heavi
est losers.
QCINCY, 111., May 16.— A rain and
wind storm that blew almost a hurricane
swept over this section this evening, doing
great damage to fruit and shade trees.
The telephone and telegraph linea are
prostrated and communication with the
surrounding country is almost entirely
cut off. The Comstock Castle Stove
Worts were unroofed and numerous other
buildings were damaged in this city.
News from Bushneli says that the storm
was equally severe there. As far as learned
there has been no loss of life.
WUliny to Jlrturn to Work.
MILWAUKEE, Wis., May 16.— A com
mittee of citizens and strikers met the rep
resentatives of the electric road yesterday
and during a conference lasting all the
afternoon the strikers declared themselves
willing to return to work at the old rate of
19 cents per hour and to drop the demand
of recognition of the union in case the
company take back the strikers in a body
and dismiss the "i-cabs" so far employed.
The company, however, refused to do the
latter, but it is hoped that it will accede to
morrow.
Judge Helton Jietiret.
DULUTH, Minx., May 16.— There was
great surprise in tbe United States Court
yesterday over the retirement of Judge
Nelson. He was in the midst of a trial
when he astonished every one by dismiss
ing the jury, adjourning court and an
nouncing his retirement to private life.
Judge Nelson is the oldest Judge in point
of service on the Federal bench, having
been appointed nearly forty years ago.
First Shot III* Wife.
CHICAGO. lil., May 16.— Robert Ed
wards, formerly an employe of the Pull
man Palace Car Company, with a home at
Pittsburj:, Pa., committed suicide in this
city to-night after first shooting his wife
in tbe temple. Mrs. Edwards may re
cover. Edwards has been out of work,
and this, together with jealousy, is sup
posed to be the cause of the BUicide and
attempted murder.
A I'ii-.iiuuk Retort Iturned.
KNOXVILLE, Term., May 16.— The
famous Montvale Springs Hotel at Mont
vale Springs, Blount County, was burned
yesterday. The place was one of the most
prominent summer resorts in the South.
The property wasowned by Robert Bonner
of New York and other Eastern capitalists,
and was valued at JoU.OOO: insurance
115.000.
ALL PLACED ON
AN EQUALITY
Action of the A. P. A. Su
preme Council on Repub
lican Candidates.
M'KINLEY BOYCOTT OFF.
Neither Is There Any Objection
to Allison, Reed, Quay or.
Others in the Race.
THE ADVISORY BOARD UPHELD
V'gorous Opposition to ths Proposed
Promotion of Colcnsl Cop
pinger.
WASHINGTON, D. C, May 16.— The
Supreme Council of the A. P. A. to-night
unanimously adopted the report of the
advisory board. This report is as follows:
Your board finds, after investigation, that
there is no reason why any of the following
named candidates for the Republican nomina
tion for President of the United States, cam
paign of 18'JC, may not be supported by tbe
members of the order: William B. Allison of
lowa, Thomas B. Reed of Maine, Matthew S.
Quay of Pennsylvania, Shelby M. Cullom of
Illinois, Governor Bradley of Kentucky, Benja
min Harrison of Indiana, Levi P. Morton of
New York and William UcKinley of Ohio.
Regarding the mutter heretofore appearing
in th» public press relative to Governor Me-
Kinley, we find that it was sustained by the
evidence In tQe possession of the executive
committee of this bourd at tbe time of publi
cation; but the subsequent statements re
ceived by thiß board from the special commit
tee sent by authority of this board to Inter
view Governor McKinley show that he denies
and explains the greater part of tbe matter
contained in said evidence, and which state
ments are accepted by this board. Said com
mittee also reported that In said interview
with Governor McKinky, be fully and une
quivocally indorsed the jrinciplesof this or
der, and in order that no Injustice be done
him we recommend that so much of this ac
tion as may be deemed \vi=e be given to the
public pre^s for publication.
No candidates of any other political party
have been investigated for the reason that
none have yet come before the public suffi
ciently prominent to demnnd an investigation
by this order.
We also recommend tlvit provision be made
to ascertain the attitude toward the principles
of this order of any and ail candidates for
plpco en .National tickets to the end that the
members of this order may be able to act and
vote intelligently.
The report is signed by B. F. Huddel
son, chairman pro te:n, and Thomas S.
King, secretary.
A resolution relative to the promotion of
Colonel Coppinger, United States Army,
to be brigadier-general, introduced by
Delegate Jerome Burke of this city, was
also adopted as follows :
Whbseas, Th'i Senate of the United States
has for more than a quarter of a century com
mitted a great injustice by promotirg succes
sively through many grades of rank in the
regular army, one Coppinger, a foreign mer
cenary, who has denied allegiance to the
United Blatei while living upon its bounty and
enjoying its emoluments and benefits; and,
whereas, the promotion of the said Coppinger
was done at the expense of gallant and mer
itorious officers of the army of American birth
and allesrmncc by jumping the rank of his
senior oftVers, while he still refused to take
the oath of allegiance to its Government
Resolved, That we hereby protest against the
recent promotion of Colonel Coppinger as an
injustice to the brave atid efficient officers of
the army who were born upon our 6oil and
educated at our National military academy
and under the influence of republican institu
tions, as being suliversive of the good of the
military service and the laws under which it
is established.
K'solved, That fie recent oath of allegiance
to the Government taken upon himself by
said Coppinrer is not proof of his allegiance to
it, but a death-bel repentance which circum
stances forced upon him as a necessity to the
accomplishment (if an unworthy purpose and
by the assent of otherß to whom he owed a
superior allegiance.
Resolved, Thai we hereby pledge ourselves to
secure the passage and observance of such
laws that the rights of American officers shall
be respected in promotions, and the spirit of
pure American patriotism be thereby enforced
and encouraßed.
The committee on the Armenian ques
tion submitted a resolution, which was
also adopted, denouncing the persecution
of the Armenians, expressing indignation ,
at the apathy of the European powers, '
"and especially at tho infamous con
nivance of the Roman institutions with
the foul savagery of the Mahoramedan
fanatics in the work of extermination."
The election of officers was proceeded
with until midnient, when, in deference
to the objections of many of the members
to transact business on Sunday, the conncii
adjourned until 9 k. m. Monday.
John W. Echols of Atlanta, Ga., was
chosen supreme president; H. S.Williams
of Boston, supreme vice-president; and
Mr. Swayn of California, supreme secre
tary of state. The remaining officers will
be chosen Monday.
Washington was selected as the per
manent headquarters of the order.
GEORGIA IS FOR SILVER
Senator Walsh Discuates the Chance* of
the Democrat*.
NEW YORK, N. V.. May 16.— Among
the prominent Democrats from other
States in town yesterday were Governor
Atkinson and Senator Patrick Walsh of
Georgia and Frank P. Arbuckle, chairman
of the Colorado State Committee.
"Georgia is for silver, and I think silver
will control the National Convention,"
said Mr. Walsh. "Personally I am for
Adiai E. Stevenson for President. He has
maile a good presiding officer in the Sen
ate. I think Cleveland will not be a can
didate for a third term."
"I don't see what the Democrats could
ask better than the nomination of Me-
Kinley by the Republicans,'' said Mr.
Arbuckle. »'lf they can't beat him they
can't beat anybody. Colorado will send
contesting delegations to the Chicago con
vention. The sound-money men will not
bolt. I think. Ido not beiiere that Cleve
land will be a candidate. Either Whitney
or Carlisle would be a good nomination."
IT MEANS A RETIREMENT
Carlisle Will yy o t Join the Sound Money
Campaign in Kentucky*
FRANKFORT, Ky., May 16.— The sound
money leaders in this State received tele
grams from Washington to-day, informing
them of Secretary Carlisle's determination
not to come to Kentucky to assist in the
sound money campaign prior to the Dem
ocratic State Convention. The announce
ment has disheartened the Secretary's
friends, as they realize that the practical
meaning of this is that Senator Blackburn
und free silver will sweep the State
Convention. Many of Mr. Carlisle's friends
think tnat it also means his retirement
from the Presidential race, as it is believed
he would not permit his name to ro before
the convention with a hostile delegation
from his own State.
HARRITY ON SOUND MONEY
Doet Ao« Think Silver Men Will Bolt the
Chicago Convention.
PHILADELPHIA, Pa., May lfi.-Chair
man W. F. Harrity of the Democratic Na
tional Committee, who has been in the
West for the past ten days, returned to
Philadelphia this afternoon. He paid :
"The name of ex-Governor Pattison of
Pennsylvania was spoken of very favor
ably by many prominent Democrats for
the Presidency and his strength and avail
ability were generally conceded. In every
place the chief inquiry is as to what the
Republican and Democratic National Con
ventions will do on the currency question.
After looking over the entire field I feel
confident that the Democratic National
Convention will declare for the soundest
kind of sound money and that, too, by a
decisive majority."
'Will the free silver people bolt the con
vention?" Mr. Harrity was asked.
"I do not think so. The will of the ma
jority ought to prevail. Those who enter
a political conference, caucus or conven
tion should be willing to abide by the de
cision of the majority, and for my part I
think the men who declare that they will
withdraw from the convention if their
views are not adopted or their candidates
not nominated, should be excluded from
tbe convention. No man should be ad
mitted as a delegate who is not prepared !
to acquiesce in the will of the majority of
the convention. This rule should apply
to sound money men and free silver men
alike."
"What about Mr. Cleveland? Is he a
candidate for the nomination?"
"I do not think so; but upon that sub
ject I have no definite or positive knowl
edge. I can only repeat what I have
above stated— that I have not yet seen or
heard anything that leads me to believe
that Mr. Cleveland either seeks or desires
to be a candidate. He is always able to
express himself in such a way as to be
easily understood.
"In the absence of an intimation from
Mr. Cleveland himself or from some of his
close friends it is generally assumed that
he is neither willing nor anxious to be
nominated at Chicago. This is only my
individual opinion. I give it for what it is
worth and I do so as a friend, admirer
and supporter of President Cleveland."
«
GOVERNOR ALTGELD SPEAKS.
Opcnt the Campaign for the Democratic
Silver i'orcet.
CHICAGO, 111., May 16.— Tne first big
demonstration of the free silver coinage
forces within the Democratic party of
this State took place to-night at the Audi
torium. Governor Alt^eld, the recognized
lea.ler and a candidate for renomination on
a platform of bimetallism, was the star at
traction and orator, creating unbounded
applause among the 4000 men and women
who listened closely to his forcible address
on the money question. The Governor's
declaration that the Federal administra
tion was in league with capitalists to per
petuate a gold standard evoked rounds of
applause. The Altgeld Legion escorted
the Governor to the theater and Judge
William Prentice introduced him to tue
audience.
Of Interest to the Coast.
WASHINGTON, D. C, May 16.— A post- j
ortice was to-day established at Gaviota,
Santa Barbara County, and A. McNealy
was appointed Postmaster.
D. H. Hurley of Riverside, Cal., is at
the Willard.
Pensions have been granted as follows:
California: Original— Henry Buchholz,
San Francisco; Amos R. McGiloray, Sol
diers' Home, Los Angeles; William S.
Dodd, Sacramento. Original widow —
Annie Lithgow, San Francisco. Mexican
War survivor — Increase, John W. Tilly,
Selma.
Washincton : Original — William Worlds,
Tacoma; August Bucli, Vancouver.
Oregon: Original widows, etc.— Bertha
Pen well, Tillamook; JLilia W. Conway,
Dallas.
ir^ _ n j ._. _^_ i _^ NEW TO-DAY. ,„__„_, -i
§)fouJk Pit InliHialni taU^b MM (I InllllKJia . -
!UCH AS K8 EltV HAS EVER @l?l?l\li
h§) IKj*l» M\\ ukw twlblni §)!bl&K!»
X*S^ STEIN-BLO.CH "•
Tylers <C^^COft
Such a Sale
We Are Holding
NOW.
QTC IK! Dl fl IP Q Clothes is never a synonym of
OlLlll'DLUUli 0 low prices—always the con-
trary. A popular "Sale" of
STEIN-BLOCH clothes was
never known.
SALE COMMENCES MONDAY MORNING AT 9,
"THE HUB"
(CHAS. KEILUS & CO.),
KEARNY AND SUTTER STREETS
GERMANY FEARS
THE COMPETITION
Afraid of the Invasion of
Products From This
Country.
FRESH ATTACK ON MEAT
Newspapers Cast Slurs Upon
Methods of Inspection in
America.
CRY AGAINST EMIGRATION.
Particular Ciotion Against the Danger
of Purchasing Land in the
United States.
BERLIN,GERMANY,May 16.— The Reichs
anzciger, the cfficial publication, prints a
warning to Germans againsl emigrating to
America, the warningi ng being especially
directed to clerks, teachers, officials, stu
dents, ollicers, governesses, nurses and
farmers, all of whom would be likely to be
possessed ol some money, and they are
particularly cautioned against the danger
oi purchasing iand in the United States.
Valueless land, or land to which titles of
possession are not in accord with the
American conditions, form the subject of
the articles in a great many German papers
at present, and the general drift of the
writings indicate tnat tnere are widespread
fears of an existing or threatened competi
tion between American and German prod
ucts.
For example, one paper in reporting the
great success of the poultry and pigeon
show held in New York in February last,
expresses apprehension that there will
soon be a great influx of American eggs
into Germany.
The most serious of tbese articles is Dr.
rielow'B virulent attack upon American
meat. The article embodies a letter writ
ten by the head of the great Armour pack
ing establishment in Kansas City in
answer to Dr. Below's request that ex
aminations be made in Armour's yards
looking to the discovery of trichinosis.
In his letter Mr. Armour contends that
the system of exercising control over
meats in operation in Berlin is incompati
ble with the greatness of the American
trade.
Dr. Below confines his attack chiefly to
the American inspectors of meats, and
complains that everything is left to their
will. "If they receive an adequate annual
stipend from the trade kings,' Dr. Below
says, "we may be sure that the inspectors
won't be too particular in endeavoring to
detect trichinosis."
Dr. yon Boetticher, vice-president of the
Council of Ministers, has informed the
Reichstag committee of seniors and lead
ers of all the parties represented in the
Chamber that the Government will insist
upon the thorough discussion and passage
of the civil code bill, and will not agree to
an adjournment of the Reichstag over
the summer, but those who are familiar
with the business of the Reic stag say
that it will be impossible to retain a quo
rum puring the montn of July.
The Hamburger Nachrichten, the organ
j of Prince Bismarck, strongly approves the
Emperor's telegram in allusion to Dr.
j Sioecker, formerly Court Chaplain, which
| was published in the Berlin Post last
week, wherein the Emperor declared that
clergymen should attend to the souls of
men and not mix in politics. The Nach
richten, in expressing approval of this
sentiment, argues that the Kaiser himself
is the summus episcopus for Prussia,
therefore clergymen are state officials and
are conseqnently forbidden to engage in
political agitation.
KE WTO-DAT.' __
EAGLESOiTS
Grand Stock
OF—
SPRING NOVELTIES!
Low Prices.
FANCY SHIRTS,
NEGLIGEE SHIRTS,
FULL DRESS SHIRTS,
NECK DRESS,
UNDERWEAR, ETC.,
LADIES' WAISTS.
748-750 MARKET ST.
242 MONTGOMERY ST.
DO YOU PAY
HIGH-RENT PRICES
FOR YOUR SHOES?
If you do and want to save money on your shon >
bills for yourself, wife and children try our Shoos. /
We curry all kiuds of Ladle*', Gents' and Children's
fine Footwear. We make a specialty of Children's
School .Shoes, Ladles' Shot's for ordinary every day
wear, ana all kinds of Men's Working shoes, m
well as the finest grades.
■ ' <*-' "" ' "* "-*■-"*:
% ' ' ! \
The above cut is an elegant French Kid Hand-
Turned Shoe for $3. soft as a glove; tits like a
glove. In ace or button, cloth or kid tops, needle
toe and V-shaped patent-leather tips, all widths
i and sizes- Sold for ss at other stores.
ONLY $3.00 HERE.
We have just received a large invoice of Ladles'
Tan Kid Oxford Ties with tan cloth tops, pointed
toes and tips, hand-turned soles, which we offer for
$ 1 50. They are neat, stylish and good wearers.
1346 and 1348 Market Street.
Opposite Odd Fellows' Building.
Country orders receive prompt attention.
DBiPIEBCE'SA
**X£lt£eli\'W l - ,t i • TWO RED WITH
Jg|Jgggj^J> ONE BELT.
Efetf?s£7t?vf??^e3 SEATTLE, Wash.,
■j^.—-. - ■ _^<3B October 19. 1895.
»Hb(sfi«&r^¥Jr **' fierce— Dear sir:
i f^^S^^Y^-~ Some time aao I bought
•nMjf* r-X^>tli/.:\Ji one of your Klectric Belt*
V -CiSf^ or I ' nme -Back, caused by
'i!^'? trouble with my kidneys,
v "'* and in three days' timn
the pain disappeared and has not troubled me
since. Your Belt almost performed a miracle In
curing my complaint, for It was so bad before I
wore the Belt that I was laid up in the hospital
and could not wok.
After your Belt cured me I lent It to a friend,
and the same Belt that cured me cured
him also. 1 have recommended your Belt to
every one 1 could hear of who was sick, and shall
continue to do so hereafter, for it is certainly a
great invention. Yours truly.
*'ItAKCIS VICTOR WILBUR.
t~B~ For price list and full particulars of DR.
PIKRCE'S wonderful Belts, call or write for free
"PamDhlet No. 2."
Address— PIERCE & SON, 704 Sac-
ramento street (cor. Kearny). 20, 3d and 4th,
floors, SAN FRANCISCO.
PHOTO MOUNT m CARD MTG. CO.
Dealers in Cardboard.
.
MANUFACTURERS OF
PHOTO M0UNT5.........
* CARDS OP ALL DESCRIPTIONS.
EMBOSSING
RAGGED EDGING, ETC
ARTISTIC SOUV MRS
PROGRAnnES. nENUS
LABELS, SHOW CARDS, ETC..
HW. COR. OF CLAY AND SASSOME STS.
LI PO TAI JR., /~^v
I Chinese Tea and Herb Ljs_J
Sanitorinm, fSrw-s
No. 727 Washington St., •*f 3
San Francisco, Cal. VC X
•■ Cor. Brenlmm Fla:e, abov* JTpi- Jk
"on^Honr*: lt.".>^K
1 to 4 and 5 to 7. Sun- ,^WP^
day, 9 A.M. to Xi M.
Id To Tai Jr.. son of the famous 1.1 Ps
Tai, has taken his father's busina**.
and 1 Is, after eleven years' study ix
China, fully prepared to locate aal
treat all diseases. . ■:-:■/
IV^wThese tiny Capsules are supenon
rV to Balsam of Copaiba, /^"^\|
i f-\l CubebsorlnjectionsandflßlDlf
Jgi I CURE IN 48 HOURS
Iw i the same diseases without
inconvenience. i
~^l| Sold by all druggists. j
BRUSHES FOR BARBERS, -- A
MHUyilhU houses, billiard -tabl-l
brewers, bookbinders, candy-makers, cannery
dyers, flourmills, foundries, laundries, Danet.
hangers, printers, painters, shoe factories. Mania,
men, tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, etc :v • '
_ .__ BUCHANAN BIIOS.,
Brush Manufacturers. 609 SacramentoSUENVIOUS EYES
UPON HUNGARY.
Barbarians Who Expect the
Czar to Wipe Out the
Nation.
AFTER THE CORONATION
Many Significant Events May
Happen in Europe As a
Result of Plotting.
TALK OF A FRENCH MONARCH'S
In England the Belief Grows That
Mr. Chamberlain Deliberately
Provokes the Roers.
[Copyright, 1896, by the New York Times.]
I.ONDOX, Eire., May 16.— Although par
liamentary reports and political meetings
give as to understand that England is
profoundly interested in the education
question. :t is really the case that the pub
lic is thinking next to nothing about it.
The momeitf you get outside the circle of
proft-ssional politicians and clergymen, es
tablished or otherwise, you do not hear
the subject mentioned anywhere. Just
now the Liberal papers are filled with hys
terical letters from nonconformist readers
solemniv washing their hands of home
rule and Irish sympathizers generally, be
cause Irish members voted on the second
reading for the Government's education
bill, the Liberal workers persuading them
selves that this betrayal by Irish allies, as
they call it, is a serious matter, but as a
matter of fact it is not.
\Y hat is serious is that the Liberal party
is in ru:na, without a leader and organiza
tion or a platform, and that even if Eng
lish public opinion was ripe for free-school
auitation the Liberals would not be iv a
position to profit by it. This l<ick of a
coherent opposition party makes itself
more and more grievously felt in a matter
about which people truly are concerned.
The Transvaal business is drifting stead
ily toward the danger point and no one
has the strength to stop it. I am told
that Mr. Chamberlain's selection of Sir
Graham Bower as the new British agent
at Pretoria will be treated as a personal
affront by Kruger and the Boer? and that
it is im: ossible to believe that it was not
deliberately intended as such.
Bower is the Cape official whom all
Afrikanders accuse of having kep: back
the Queen's proclamation against Jame
son's r«id in the interest of the raiders,
and they suspect and hate him accord
. They naturally regard hisbeingsent
to Pretoria as a direct provocation to Kru-
L-er to defy Englaad and thus precipitate a
. This feeline that Chamberlain
has surrendered to interested influences
intent on open rupture with the Transvaal
which was only a suspicion a few weeks
- rapidly becoming a settled belief.
It frightens as weil as angers the people,
but there is no one to call a halt.
Inasmuch as emperors do not write tele
grams tor publication and presidents do
not take long railroad journeys suddenly
without some distinct purpose in view, we
reed to the conclusion that the
Franco-Russian combination sees some
reason for specially asserting itself just
now. The Czar the other day seized the
on of the military railway accident
in Algiers to speak of French soldiers as
"our brave brothers in arms," and Felix
taire traveled from Paris to meet the
Czar's mother to-day, as she passed
through Loiraine at a point almost within
sight of the Gerjnan frontier. These events
are seen to be significant^ but just what
they signify is not obvious. There is, in
truth, such a delicate balance of diplo
matic entanglementsm ents and national feuds
being artificially maintained in Europe
that every movement jars the whole struc
ture.
Apparently the various feather-headed,
half-civilized populations of eastern Europe
are full of the notion that, after the Czar's
irown is really on his head thing!" are go
ing to happen. All the small and can
tankerous non-Magyar nationalities within
and about the Austrian empire are work
ing themselves into a frenzy of rage
against tlie Hungarian*, whose exhibition
ol culture and civilization at Buda-Pesth
i-! resented by these mau Slavic and hybrid
barbarian* They defile Hunearian
escutchons^and burn Hungarian flags and
the word passes among them that
presently the Czar is to wipe Hungary
from the map.
Throughout Bohemia, Bulgaria, Servia,
Crete and Macedonia firebrands are circu
lating with warnings of impending ac
tivity, and it seems clear enough that the
more responsible people in these powder
houses of the East are expectine some
thing. At all events public opinion here
and elsewhere probably does not err in
concentrating attention upon the Czar's
coronation as something more than a
mere dynastic function.
The last of those who are going to wit
ness the great ceremony at Moscow are
now on the way thither, although formal
festivities will not begin till Thursday.
It is t.-ue that the Czar and Czarina are
to arrive at the Petrovsfcy Palace on Mon
day, but tt ey do so without passing
tnrough Moscow. This Petrovsky Palace
is to Moscow about what Jones' wood used
to be to New York when I was a boy. It
has an open air theater, beer garden, con
cert pavilion and so forth, and is the best
known and most popular of Moscow's
suburban resort-. Usually visitors can
al*-o see by day the Imperial Paric and
palace, begun by Catherine and finishes!
by Paul, it is rarely used nowadays.
Here, however, the young couple are to
spend two days of solemn religious re
treat preparatory to the grand state
entry into Moscow on Thursday, when
they will tak« up their residence
in the Kremlin. Thence forward till
Tuesday, when the actual coronation will
take place, all the assembled thousands of
j.rinres, envoys, notabilities and delegates
hare more or less part in the complicated
ceremonial liy which the chief event is
inhered in, and they are all to remain
through the following twelve days of re
p< pilous, fetes and balls, which end on the
departure of the court for St. Petersburg
on .h<ne 7. There are 3l'O journalists, in
cluding Russians, who will enjoy oflicial
recognition in the work of describing the
• affair.
lue English correspondents there are
dumfounded at the extraordinary and
unexpected way in which the foreign press
is bein^ taken care of. .Splendid club
premises have been extemporized for their
use. with servants in the imperial livery
and a large force of clerks and guides, who
all speak English, French and German.
One gathers only vaguely from the reports
that refreshments are iree at this admir
able place, but explicit mention is made
of the fact that gratis tickets to the opera
and theaters are provided. Each journal
ist has a solid silver badge to wear on his
coat, and finds a bewildering number of
princes, generals and oilier exalted swells
told off to entertain him. No newspai* r
man has ever seen anything like it before.
The arrival in Moscow of young Prince
Louis, who is hereafter to be called
"General Bonaparte," is announced in the
various dispatches, although much greater
personages are reaching the city daily
without mention. This seems to indicate
the existence of a suspicion in Moscow of
what I suggested in these dispatches a
week ago — that the Russian court intends
by the expedient of paying exceptiona
attention to this youth to give the French
people a broad hint whicli side their bread
is buttered on.
It is quite intelligible that the Russians
should have grown tired ol seeing France
a republic and should welcome the notion
of supplanting it by the restoration of
some sort of monarchy, imperial for
choice. If they snould say so plainly and
should put this Bonaparte forward osten
tatiously as their favorite, it will be very
interesting to see how the French take it.
The recent municipal elections in France
snowed some slight monarchical gains,
though not enough to b^ significant in
themselves. It is important, however, to
note that in a number of districts the re
actionaries worked in an underhand alli
ance with the Socialists, just as they did
when Boulangerism was at the height of
its career.
There is an open split in the Orlean s
family over this development, about which
we shall probably hear a good deal during
the^next few weeks, but it is not unlikely
when all is said and done that the Duke of
Orleans and his mutinous cousin, Prince
Henri, will turn out to have a shell each,
and that Louis Bonaparte will be in pos
session of the oyster.
Baron Hir^ch's will, after confirming
Jewish and other philanthropic bequests
arranged in his lifetime, really leaves the
rest of his vast fortune to a natural daugh
ter of his dead son. This child, named
Lucienne, is the daughter of a French gov
erness, who is described as being a woman
of great charm, of good sense and of many
excellent qualities.
The Baron himself had a great liking
for her, and under ordinary circumstances
would have left her to brine the child up,
but this little Lucienne is to be the great
est heiress in the world, and the Baron
dreamed ot a dazzling future for her. Ac
cordingly she was taken from her mother,
who consented on the stipulation that she
should be reared a Catholic, and has been
intrusted to the charge of Baroness
Hirsch's sister, who is the ablest woman
in the remarkably cifted family of the Bel
gian Bischoffsbeims. Little Lucienne is
said to be an exquisite child, now in her
early teens, and she will be reared in Bel
gium, where she already has a quasi royal
establishment, with her own chapel and
chaplain, and all the surroundings of one
destined for a throne.
As for the Baroness Hirsch, though she
is nominally the universal legatee, it is well
understood that Lucienne is to be her
eventual heiress. It is also said that sbe
has observed a considerable number of
private instructions left by her husband,
incluaing the destruccion of proofs of in
debtedness on the part of the Prince of
Wales and other royal persona es.
Those who imagined that bicycling was
merely a temporary spasm confess them
selves bewildered at the steadily multiply
ing evidence of their error. It is beginning
to be realized that instead, we are in the
presence of a vast revolution in the man
ners, habits and economics of national life,
which must profoundly alter everything.
Already this year it is discovered that
the Thames is practically deserted.
Where a year ago every bright May Sun
day saw the river swarming with pleasure
craft for twenty miles, a spectacle quite
unique in Europe, you see now only what
seems like a week day casual gathering.
It is the dusty highway skirting the river
which is now alive with humanity flying
on wheels instead of dawdling lazily in
punts. All England is suddenly devoured
i with the notion of rushing through the
air at a breakneck speed, and it forces one
to wonder if in a generation or two this
will not auicken and key up the slow Eng
lish temperament to a quite unnatural
1 pitch.
The Daily Chronicle recognizes the revo
lution by starting a regular cyclists' de
partment in its sporting column. It says,
doubtless with truth, that bicycling has
become as important as literature or art.
I Its tirst article on the subject lays stress
on the superiority of American models
over the English ones, and warns the Brit
ish manufacturers that unless they reduce
the weight of their machines, which are
i seven pounds heavier than the best Amer
ican types, and adopt the American
saddle and other improvements, they will
I lose the home market itself in competition
I with the Americans.
One hears often of the melancholy
straits to which thousands of the lady
class in England are driven to keep body
and soul genteelly together, but rarely
does such a curious example come to the
surface as is afforded now by the decision
of the House of Commons kitchen com
mittee hereafter to have feminine waiters
on the terrace. Why, except on the dec
orative theory, this change should have
been resolved, I ,im unable to guess. The
terrace was till recently very strictly a
part of the House itself, and governed by
the same rules as the adjoining smoking
rooms.
Now ladies have taken to flocking there
in great numbers to afternoon tea. The
whole character of the place has allowed
it, so that the introduction of waitresses
will be only a minor innovation. It is
said that the committee was literally over
whelmed with applications for places as
soon as the contemplated change was an
nounced, and that a big proportion of
these came from ladies who explained that
formerly they had been independent, but
now are in reduced circumstances.
A special train brought into Paris yes
terday, wrapped in heavy felt blankets
bound with soft wood hoops, a rough
block of crystal, which is to form the mir
ror of the huge telescope at the l»00 exhi
bition. In its present state the piece of
glass weighs <1600 pounds and has already
coat $20,000. It will cost $30,000 more, and
will take thirty months of polishing by a
novel and secret mechanical process before
it is finished.
Its diameter is nearly seven feet and it
is expected to bring the moon within
thirty-eight miles of the eye, but the chief
experts of the Paris observatory say that
its images will not be so distinct as theirs
are now at ninety-four miles, which they
believe is the utmost practicable limit.
Three hitherto unknown manuscripts by
Charlotte Bronte are to be sold here at
auction next month.
They are interesting aa showing that
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY 17, 1896.
her precocity was even more amazing than
Mrs. Gaskell supposed it to be. The
earliest of the tnree manuscripts is a book
of sixteen pages 2%xl}£ inches, writ
ten in absolutely microscopical character
and purporting to be a romance of Lord
Wellesley, which she did at the age of 14.
The others are of later date, but all char
acteristic and curious to the last degree.
"When "For the Crown," which has been
doing so notably at the Lyceum comes off
Forbes Robertson will have a surprise
ready in the form of an English version of
Suderraann's "Heirnat," in which Mrs.
Patrick Campbell as Maeda will for the
tirst time challenge direct comparison
with Bernhardt and Duse in a role which
London has seen them in.
Harold Frederic.
KRUGER SAYS "THANKS."
But He Will Follow the Inquiry Promised
by Chamberlain With In
terest.
PRETORIA, South Africa, May 16,—
President Kruger has replied to the
dispatch recently sent by Mr.
Chamberlain, British Colonial Secre
tary, to Bir Hercules Robinson,
Governor of Cape Colony, and commu
nicated to Pretoria, wherein Mr. Chamber
lain promised that a full inquiry should
be made into the affairs of the British
South Africa Company and expressed
sympathy with Madame Kruger, who is
ill. In his reply President Kruger says:
"The Government of the South African
Republic is glad to receive assurance
that full inquiry will be made into the
allegations against the British South
Africa Company and its directors. The
Government will follow the inquiry with
interest. Thanks for your expressions of
sympathy for my wife, who is improving."
AFFAIRS OF HAWAII
A ><■«• Loan for Almoitt a Million Soon
to Tie Vlaced.
HONOLULU, Hawaii, May 9.— Senator
McCandless' substitute for Damon's re
funding bill was lost yesterday with all
proposed amendments. Damon's bill re
mains tabled, and is anlikely to be taken
up. The measure is new to the public,
and is thought to need longer considera
tion before consent is given for a large dis
count on bonds.
The proposed new loan for public im
provements is acceptable and will prob
ably be placed at Honolulu at 5 per cent.
Prominent Senators believe that the public
needs will justify a loan of $900,000, to be
expended in two years. Roads especially
bring large income to the treasury by re
sulting increase of taxable valuables. For
a like reason it is very seriously proposed
to proceed at once to open Pearl Bar. in
stead ol waiting for the United States to
do it. Property on the harbor will im
mediately advance immensely in value.
Rev. Dr. Dille returns to-day to San
Francisco after a most fortuna:e visit to
Mauna Loa in the prime glory of its erup
tion. Dr. Dille will give illustrated lec
tures on the great fire fountains.
Strike of J>o«k Laborer*.
ROTTERDAM, Holland, May 16.— The
dock laborers' strike in this city is rapidly
spreading, 6000 men in all having already
quit work because of a reduction of wages.
The National Guard has be«n called out
and three gunboats are lying opposite the
city in readiness for action should their
services be required to protect the ship
ping. Fifty steamers have been detained
on account of the strike.
Fugitive* From Egypt.
LONDON, E>-0., May 16.— The Chronicle
will to-morrow publish a dispatch from
Trieste saying that 134 fugitives from
Alexandria, Egypt, have arrived there on
beard the steamer Semiramis. They de
clare that cholera is severe in Alexandria.
STEEL, RAILS FOR JAPAN
They Trill Be Shipped From a. Mill in
Wisconsin.
MILWAUKEE, Wis., May 16. —The
Bayview mills of the Illinois Central Com
pany are furnishing the steel rails for a
railroad in the land of the Mikado. The
steamer P. Sawyer is loading 500 tons of
light steel rails at the rolling-mill docks,
which will be taken by lake to Buffalo and
there transhipped to New York, where
they will be loaded on a steamer for Japan.
The consignee is the China and Japan
Trading Company of Japan.
The Illinois Steel Company has shipped
several consignments of rails to Japan, but
this is the lirst shipment by lake and rail
and is in the nature of an experiment. It
was reported that the steamer would go di
rect to the East, but this is untrue.
•
Colonel Cockerill't Remain:
NEW" YORK, N. V., May 16.— The re
mains of the late Colonel Cockerill arrived
this morning on the steamer Campania
from Liverpool. The body was met at the
pier by a committee appointed by the New
York Press Club, repre-enting'the Loyal
Legion, the Elks and the Masons. After
services it will be laid in the receiving
vault of Ke.-isico Cemetery until Tuesday,
when Depew's private car will carry it to
St. Louis for interment.
fought in the Sanctum.
LEXINGTON, Kv., May 18.— Hon. Mil
ton Durham, Comptroller of the Treasury
under President Cleveland, and Hon. John
O. Hodge* had an altercation in the edi
torial rooms of the Lexington Leader this
morning, during which Durham struck
Hodges in the face, bringing blood. The
latter struck Durham several times in the
ribs. They were separated by members of
the Leader staff, and there is talk of a
duel.
YOU
NEVER
KNOW
The whole-soul blissful happinesi of
life until after you have suffered and
have been cured of nervousnes.
DR. McKENZIE'S
New
Nerve
Treatment
Will make a nerveless man, a pale, deli-
cate woman, or a fretiul, fitful creature
sound, yes, as sound as a dollar.
JOY'S
BALDWIN
PHARMACY
Is the place to eet Mr. McKenzie's
nerve treatment. Call or write
t
Joy's, Hood's or Ayers
Sarsanarilla «5 C
Paine's Compound. ..!.60c
Munyon's \^ c
PERFUMES
FROM
EVERY
MAKER.
JOY'S B.4LDWH PHARMACY
(UNDER BALDWIN HOTEL).
Powell and Market Sts.
Mall Orders PromDtly Attnedad To. 1
,_ ■ .- .- '-'•- r new: to-day-clothing. ...,-. .... ■ I? hKr^S?
j^^^A^y S^~^y V\*(\ \V. N -_JJJJg^ffflf£il TJhe ink was scarcely dry on our big announcement in this
$'$*$£^^W^^^U^^~^' It VV t^^^^^^^^^ journal Friday before a big crowd bey an to gather in front of th&
IS&SSE&mii&jp <fj«r ' W^ i^^^^^AwS^ jj2j! big store waiting for it to open. St was one of those sales of
F^l^^jSHßS.^ il^^^^ r^ =^=^'' * }§^ hS^-«^^^^^^ magnitude which only the big store indulges in. XJhe quantities
W^^mr^^^^^ m /uW : ''^ I\M ite^iaisHWwß^ were limited the styles pretty, the goods fresh and new from th»
fs^ -■;" -^ / \ WC^^^^^^J^ fashionable molds of the best tailors in the land. Suits that w»
- ffi^g*_ A J fjWy / / If Jx \ \ X^\Mt<&s2&^s^ have sold and sold in plontitude at $/5, other stores were getti ng>
BJWffli S^ ek?*—^"'"■7 ***/ ' -'' £ r ~~T~t^ 9 /f"" I ""^" l^^^*^^^^^ $20 for 'em, and when we announced in Friday's Call that the s&-
-* "*T-ii y^^^^SH^^K®* ** J St brought out a crowd, an enormous crowd, laryer than we ax»
pjep' n^"* / / sa?^^rf?i Spurred on by the success of this yroat sale, we have con-*
•*»■ I\** re (Ik g" B^tM -^ ~~~^sHRsiil^ Our big corner window speaks more eloquently in behalf or*
gS B^S^^^^^^^^^^—aj"- - \m&~~ - /^^^^^^^^ *** c va^ ' in behalf of the pretty styles, in tones more convince
Vhere's somethiny maynctic §s^lll MSr I WsS^ B"W & o worth your while to come
h / htthb' Jf t / c*~~— #B*^Switer* •J^^^r •^*^v. i' W Jim'C-^ downtown and take a look in our
U/lis $8.50 Sale IS L HUHln^^\W \W^ out under the full rays of naturat
Something SreClt. no unmistakable terms.
6 Those pretty English Home- . ranii i wmm it |)jj|n||||||||] |]]))(Ilj }|j}|||lj ||
6 6 6 spuns in light Spring colorings, | I |H| , ill Jl |i L
p O V in medium colorings, pure wool O^s^ cills BD3D Is{ j
O O O garment's ;' the very finest grades ' r-iff/^^r hth TrtWK 1 ! li
Surrounding this advertise- , this' town will. show you . a like i*f iw\ iHMIMi ■■!'= *^0^ : iltt&rjTnlH [JTjTjtMi QJt \
ment we show you some of the ? arment , tailored in a like lasti- \^^^ WrW rrsLf§s>J^ ®*Z%/P
chaste and up-to-date garments Worsteds in Frocks. Think of \\^||^^^^pr^m^
that have ever been shown in it, a Black Clay Worsted Frock, S) iW&^^^J • ■/■' '-3^l* -'"'i^^S^^^jK^SS^
this town. They're tailored in
such a fashion that leaves no itself to any one that has been W^^^^^WJ^^^^^^MW^W^^^,
fault to even he who pays $65 m tnc habit of getting his JS^|OT \jj^ f^^^xVO^ Hms&^k
Every fabric is thoroughly test- Scotches in' those pretty over- P^^^M /\ V i||f/ \\ f^^^™
it, is shrunk, so as to insure the in light colorings, in medium ''^ISSISi I '■■•■^S^-i 'E \ BRp
garment to maintain its perfect and 'dark. To appreciate the »^^^^^l | BSS3f wk \ I^^^^* ' '
These are the garments that in and°try on a few of the gar- f$ M^^M Si WSSW/^&
■ -£aS>-«O-tS3^- — —
{Raphael's ma !l^r^=| Raphael's .
(Incorporate), ' \ - *£» * ™* -Want a „„ , (Incorporated),
VnoZrUco Xoj,,, ! ■ <^° *°«r 'across. =
9, /I, 13, 15 JTearny Street . Otore ?!Ul >«. .;•;.;■,,;•.. ,-.,■.. ... '. ~~ CxclusivelytoT^ale^ppareL
34
THE WONDERS
OF ELECTRICITY.
Over Fifteen Thousand Miles
Covered in Four
Minutes.
LIGHTNING DISTANCED.
Marvelous Illustrations of Teleg
raphy at the Electrical
Exposition.
MESSAGES AROUND THE WORLD
Part of the Circuit Is Energized by
Niagara— Relics for the Smith
sonian Institution.
ELECTRICAL EXPOSITION HALL,
New York, N. Y. May 10. — Dr. Chauncey
M. )epew delivered an oration on the
"Progress and Future of Electricity" to
an audience of about 10,000 people, assem
bled in the hall of the National Electrical
Exposition, this evening. To demonstrate
the promptness of modern telegraphic
service a message written by Dr. Depew
and addressed to Edward D. Adams,
president of the Cataract General Klectric
Company, was transmitted over tui» lines
and connections of the Postal Telegraph-
Cable Company from New York, via Chi
cago, Los Angeles, Ban Francisco. Van
couver, Winnipeg and Canso to London
and back, via Boston, to New York.
Colonel Albeit B. Chandler, president
and general manager of the Postal Tele
graph-Cable Company, acted as the send
ing operator in the north balcony and
started the message on its long journey at
8:34 o'clock. Thomas A. Edison, who in
hif youneer days was also an operator, re
ceived the message in the south balcony
when it came back, handing a copy in his
own beautiful handwriting to Mr. Adams
at 8:38 o'clock, tne time occupied in carry
ing the message over 15,000 miles of part
of the Postal Company's overland and
cable system being exactly four minutes.
That portion of the circuit between New
York and Buffalo was energized by elec
tricity generated by Niagara Falls at the
plant of the Cataract General Electric
Company. Mr. Depew's message and Mr.
Adams reply were as follows:
May 16— (No. 1.) To Ed\v> .1 D. Adams. New
York, via San Francisco, Vancouver, Montreal,
Cfcnso, London, Lisbon, Bombay and Tokio:
(Jod created, nature treasures and science
utilizes electrical power for ihe grandeur of
nations and the peace of the world.
CHAf.NCEY M. DEPEW.
The reply was:
To Chauncey M. Depew, New York, via
Tukio, Bombay, Lisbon, Loudon, Causu, Mon
treal, Vancouver and Sau Francisco: Mighty
Niagara, nature's wonder, serving man through
the world's electric circuit, proclaims to hII
the peoples science triumphant ana the bene
volen; Creator. Edward D. Adams.
When the message leached London a
copy was handed to the Eastern Telegraph
Company and was forwarded by it over
various lines and cables by Lisbon, Gib
raltar, Malta, Alexandria, Suez, Aden,
Bombay, Madras, Singapore, Hongkong,
Shanghai and Nagasaki to Tokio, Japan,
returning thence via London and reach
ing the exposition hall at 9:24.
The Western Union Company and con
nections also transmitted a copy of the
message from New York through Mexico,
down the west coast and up the east coast
oi South America, thence to Spain and
back to New York, the time occupied be
ine twenty-one minutes-.
The arrangements for Mr. Depew's ora
tion and the demonstration of what is pos
sible in long-distance electrical transmis
sion were conceived and carried out by F.
W. Hawley, vice-president and general
manager of the Cataract General Electric
Company, which company furnished the
current for the initial circuit. These dem
onstrations of the annihilation of time
and space by means of modern telegraphy
are the most extensive that have ever been
undertaken. The invention of in'-tru
nitnts and the construction of the vast
system of telegraph lines and cables which
make these remarkable feats possible have
all been th« work of scarcely more than
fifty years and a large portion of it the
last dozen years.
No better illustration of the world's
progress during the latter half of the nin -
teenth century could possibly have been
devised. The very men who handled the
message in the hall are older than the
science of which they are the masters, and
there are many present to-night who re
member the occhsion of the sending of
Morse's world-:amous first message,' What
hath God wrought?" The instruments
used are of the latest Postal Telegraph pat
tern, with aluminum levers.
They are handsomely mounted on ebony
base- and will be pr<-8' nted to the Smith
sonian Institutional Wash;ngtun, together
with attested records as to the time occu
pied in transmitting the message and
copies of every newspaper in the world in
which the occasion may be noticed. These
will be carefully preserved by tbe Smith
sonian Institution as evidence to futue
generations of the advanced state of elec
trical science in this fear of IH'M.
EXPLODED IN THE GUN
Peculiar Accident During an
Experiment With a New
Shell.
But, After All, It Is Regarded as a
Victory for American
Ordnance.
NEW YORK, N. V., May 16.— A Times
special from Washington says: Startling
news came yesterday from tne naval
ordnance proving ground at Indian Head.
The facts, which will probably come out
officially in a day or two, are that a six
inch brc»!ch-Joading rifle has been injuied
by the explosion in the gun of a shell filled
with a new high explosive winch the ex
perts were trying. The sample of this ex
plosive came, it is understood, from
the Maxim Powder Company, and a six
inch projectile was fitted with it. The
gun used was a regular service weapon,
kept for just such tests and trials. The
gun was loaied with about fifty pounds &f
powder, the usual amount for discharging
a six-inch shell, in addition to the shell
filled with the explosive. The whole lot
I exploded before the shell could leave the
1 gt" 1 '
The result was a surprise to the experts,
and ttie causes of the explosion have not
been definitely determined yet. or at least
not communicated to the department. It
was expected by the officers conducting
! the test that when they emerged irom the
: bomb-proof room, from which place guns
; are fired on such risky occasions, they
would find the gnn in fragments. To
outward appearances the gun was undis
turbpd. On ciose examination, however,
the breech bad been expanded not more
than an inch. Tliat was the only serious
effect, and even tnat was within the
powers of the ordnance officers to remedy.
Remarkable to relate, the gun can be
used again, despite the fearful strain
which it had undergone. It has shown
that it possesses great strength. It sur
vived a test which exceeds any condition
of battle. There is no telling what force
was confined in the rending shell in the
six-inch gun, but it is proper to assume
that its power was a great deal more than
the muzzle energy, which, in the case of this
six-inch gun, was capable of moving a
body weighing 2773 tons the distance of
one foot. The accident is regarded as a
victory for American ordnance.
Gigantic Pool Formed.
BOSTON. Mass., May 16.— Within th«
past few days the organization of a pigan
t.c bolt and nut pool has been completed
in this city, and as a result the wholesale
and retail price of bolts and nuts has in
creased fiO per cent in the last uiontb. All
the principal bolt and nut manufacturers
in this country, with a few exceptions,
have joined the combination, and tne
firms which are on the outside are not in
olined to light the pool in the interest of
lower prices for their products. Whether
tnere will be a further advance in prices or
not cannot be told, as the prices are to be
made irotn month to month.
tfnoic Welcomed in Colorado.
DENVER, Colo., May If!.— A snowstorm
visited this city to-day, although the
weather >s not cold. The snow meited in
the city almost as fast as it fell, but it re
mained several inches deep on tne plains.
The farmers welcomed it because they
needed water for irritation.
J ' recution of a Murderer.
CHICAGO, 111., 3day 16.— Albert Fields,
colored, the murderer of Miss Ellen Ran
dolph, was hanged in tne County Jail at
noon yesterday. He slept live hours last
night and after eating heartily of break
fast spent his last hours reading the Bible.
Crazed by the Amateurs.
TOLEDO, Ohio, May 16.— John Vosburg
of Bryan, Ohio, who is widely known all
over the State as a stock-raiser, suddenly
b -came insane last night while hearing
'•Pinafore" sung by a company of ama
teurs. He was broueht to the asylum to
day.
Depositor* Will Be Protected.
WELLINGTON, Kans., May 16.— The
Sumner National Bank closed its doors
this morning. No statement of liabilities
is given out, but it is believed the de
positors will be protected.
BURNED BY INSURGENTS.
Half a Million Dollars Lost by
the Destruction of a Cuban
Estate.
In an Encounter at Cienfuegos the
Spanisli Report the Usual
V ctory.
HAVANA, Cuba, May 16.— A band of in
surgents yesterday set fire and destroyed
the whofp San Miguel estate, close to this
city. The estate is owned by the Casanova
family. The loss is estimated at $500,0C0.
T c Government has issued an order
prohibiting the export of leaf tobacco.
This action is taken at the request of local
cii:ar-factories which desire to be protected
from the effects of American competition.
Colonel Rodriguez reports from Cien
fuegos that he surprised the insurgent
forces under Gomez while the latter were
in camp at Piedra Plata, causing the ut
most confusion in the enemy's camp.
The rebels rallied, however, and attacked
the Spanish vanguard, but were quickly
repulsed under the fire of tne Spanish
artillery. The rebels had seventeen killed
and many wounded. The loss of the
Spanish was trifling, only three of their
number having been wounded.
MORGAN TALKS FOR CUBA.
Urges the Passage of Resolution Recog
nizing , Belligerency.
WASHINGTON, D. C, May 16.— Senator
Morgan of Alabama made a long speech in
the Senate to-day on the subject of the
war in Cuba, and favoring tho passage of
a joint resolution recognizing Cuban bel
ligerency, so as to give the President the
opportunity of coinciding with or vetoing
the action of Congress.
He averted that the United States had
observed faithfully the neutrality laws,
and had not in any way incited or pro
moted the insurrection, although it had
been a difficult taf-k to restrict the wrath
of the American people when they saw
this Government stand by while un-Chris
tian barbarities were being summarily
perpetrated. Every day, be said, that the
Americans suffered imprisonment at the
hands of the Spanish Government was a
day of National humiliation. In alluding
to the Queen Regent's speech to the Span
ish Corlts he characterized her as a
"cruel monarch."
At the close of the speech his resolution
of yesterday was agreed to, instructing the
Committee on Foreign Relations to in
quire into the rerent arrest and condem
nntion of citizens of the- United States
captured on board the Competitor.
No other business of interest or import
ance wax transacted, and the Senate at
3:50 p. m., after hearing eulogies by Chil
ton and Mills of Texas and Caff cry of
Louisiana on tne late Representative
Grain of Texas, adjourned until Monday
Xomination* Confirmed.
WASHINGTON, D. C, May 16.-The
Senate to-day confirmed the following
nominations: Ernest Man of St. Louis
United States Consul at Bergen, Norway;
Amos K. Jones to be Postmaster at Union,
Or. Also promotions in tue army, incli-.1
-me Captain G. J. Fieber^er to the profes
sorship of civil and military engineering
at the Military Academ,.
TAmit of the Sealing Catch.
WASHINGTON, D. C, May 16.— Mr.
Canisl6 has authorized United States
Afcent Crowley at the Seal Island to per
mit tho American Commercial Company
to take as the season's catch not to exceed
SO.OOu male seals, if In bis judgment when
the herd arrives so many can be taken
without injury to the herd. The limit of
the catch last season was 15,000.
Approved by > i, rrlanrt.
WASHINGTON, D. C, May 16.— The
President Las approved the act amending
the act granting the right of way upon
the public lands for reservoirs and canal
purposes and the act granting a pensiou
to Mary Ann Tracy.
THE SAN FKAXCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY 17, 189 H.
HANDSPRING WINS
FROM HASTINGS
Proves Himself a Worthy
Son of Famous Sire
Hanover.
BELMONT'S COLT BEATEN
Fast Youngsters Contest for the
Withers Stake at the Morris
Park Meeting.
SIMMS AGAIN RIDES IN FRONT.
It Is a Fine Race From Start to Fin
ish, Being Won by Only a
Short Head.
MOKRIS PARK RACETRACK, N. V.,
May 16.— P. J. Dwyer's colt Handspring
proved himself a worthy son of his famous
sire, Hanover, by defeating August Bel
iuonl's $37,000 colt Hastings by a short
head in the Withers stakes of one mile to
day, • " •...
The lot was dispatched to a good start.
Hastings was tne first away, but was
quickly pulled back to Handspring. Abuse
led the field at a merry clip two lengths
in advance of Hastings, while Simms kept
the favorite naif a length behind the Bel
mont colt. Just after passing the four
furlongs post Abuse dropped back beaten
and' Handspring raced up to Hastings.
From the last sixteenth to the wire it
was a desperate race. Grifh'n rode like a
demon, but could not get his horse's nose
beyond Handspring's throat latch, and
when they raced under the wire Simms
had landed his fourth winner for the
Dwyer stables within a short bead.
Simms had the mount on Royal Rose in
the Gaiety and won handily by two
lengths from Successful.
High weight, handicap, five furlongs, Juno
won, Premier second, Lancer third. Time,
1 :<)O.
One mile, Brisk won, Rosedale second, Bom
bazetta third. Time, 1:41^-
Gaiety stakes, four and a naif furlongs, Royal
Rose won, Successful second, Fireside third.
Time, :54^.
The Withers stakes, for colts, fillies and geld
ings, three-year-olds, the Withers mile, Hand
spring 122 (Simms), 4to 5, won; Hasting* 122
(Griffin) »i to 5, second; Sherlock 112 (Dogceu).
20 to 1. third. Time, 1:41. Abuse and Izmyr
also ren.
Five furlongs, Rotterdam won, Passover sec
ond. Full Sped third. Time, 1:02.
Mile and sixteenth.' Peorslayer won. Inter
mission second. W H third. Time. 1 S4m£
ST. LOUIS, Mo., May 10.— Four anil a half
furlongs, Senator Penrose won, Dawn second,
Lady Britannic third. Time, 1:01.
Six furlongs. Constantino won, Bravo sec
ond, Dr. Huger third. Time, ] l!i'..
M.leaud twjnty yards. Royal choice won,
Sunburst second, Midland third. Time, 1 :-l!",
Laurel stakes, six furlongs, Tartarian won,
George F. Smith , sexond, Forget third Time
1:19.
Five and a half furlongs, Cochina won. Flute
second, Ferris Hun man third. Time, 1:14.
Nine-sixteenths of a mile, Zamar 11 won,
Tir.rupttecoud, Russel A third. Time, :s!»' .
LOUISVILLE, KY., May 16.— Five furlongs,
Red won, Remus second, The Blossom third.
Time. 1:04.
Six furlongs, Elsie D won, Joe Clark second
Katie <; third. Time, 1:18.
Biz furlongs, M<>ylau won. Hanlon second.
Strathreel third. Time, 1.-IT,
The Schultz slake*, one mile, Ben Brush
and Lady Inez run a dead heat. Semper Ego
third. Time, I:44J£. Run off— Ben Brush
won, Lady Inez second. Time, 1:43.
Four turlong!-', Alice C won, Maze ppa second
Govinda third. Time, :5u' 2 .
ON THE BALL FIELD.
At Cincinnati the (lame Was a Pitcher's
Battle.
CINCINNATI, Ohio, May 16.— The gam c
was a pitcher's battle from the start. Ir
win's catch of a foul tly and Anderson's
batting were the features. Score:
Oincinnaiis. 00U0 11 0 0 •— 2 6 "
Brooklyns 0000000 10—1 0 i!
Uatlt-ries— KUines and Peitz: (iumberland Grim
Umpire, Hurst.
LOUISVILLE, Ky., May 16.— Game
postponed. Wet grounds.
CHICAGO, 111., May 10.— Score:
Chicago*. 200040 100—7 10 3
Baltimore*. 1 SO !V1 000 0-8 13 'J
liatt.ri 8 -Thornton, Mclarfcml, Dounhue and
Kktredge; larkson, Clarke uiid Kobinaou. Um
pire, Sheridan.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., May 16.— Score:
SL l>ouls 100000000-1 8 2
W'ushineions 10!0 10 1 0 3— 7 12 3
Batteries— Donahue ana Murphy; Maul and"ate-
Caulev. Uaipire, Kmslie.
PITTSBURG, Pa., May 16.-Score:
Pitlsburgs 000300100-4 6 3
BMtOM. 00000103i!-6 9 I
Batted '•»— Klllen and Merritt; Stiveita and
Uanzel. I uij.tr . Ki-t in.
CLEVELAND, Ohio, May 16.— Score:
Cleveland* 000600200-8 14 2
New Vorki 002000000-2 10 1
HBtterics— Cuppy and Zimmer; Mee*iu, dark
Farrell and Wilson, tnipire. l.yuch.
SNOOTING LIFE PIGEONS
Thirty Sport*m*n Participate in the
Memphis Ctub Contest.
MEMPHIS, Term., May 16.— The third
annual tournaaient of the Memphis Gun
Club closed to-day with live bird handi
caps, in which thirty-three shoottrs parti
cicipated. Twenty-five birds were liberated
for each entry.
">n . Miller of Austin, Tex., C. W. Budd of
lowa, E. D. HciKes of Dayton, Ohio, and
F. P. Poston of Hetßpb.il made straights.
The se< ond money men, wKh twenty-four
birds, were: C. Grimm of Clear "Lake,
lowa, C. Powers of Decatur 111., F. Par
melee of Omaha, Neb., C. W. Loomis of
Ohama, F. Gilbert of Spirit Lake, lowa,
and J. A. R Elliott of Kansas City.
0. W. Budd made the highest average in
the four days of inanimate target shooting
—a percentage of .940, shooting at 660 birds.
>•
SALE OF HAGGIN FEARLINGS
Likely Youngster* That Brought Some
Very Poor Prices.
MORRIS PARK RACETRACK, N. V.,
May 16.— The ninth annual sale of the
Haggiu yearlings from the Rancho del
I'aso stud of Sacramento, Cal., commenced
Friday. The sale was slow and very poor
prices were obtained. The top price was
$2600 for the chestnut colt by Salvator-
Fleurette. J. H. McCormJck purchased
the colt, who was a full brother to Silver II
and half brother to Fleur de Lis and
Fleurry. Matt Byrnes, who was buying
for Marcus Daly, purchased a good look
ing youngster in the bay colt by imp.
Maxim-Djniella for $1500. Other "horses
that brought good prices were: Bay colt,
by Salvator-Ailee, Sam Leake, $1000;
brown h!ly, by imp. Maxim-Attitude,
Matt Allen, $700: bay colt, by imp. Sir
Modred-Dixianne, J. McLaughlin, $1300;
brown colt, by imp. Sir Modred-Glorianne
Marcus Daly.'sl2so. .
TALE DEFEATS PRINCETON
Olympic Champion* Make a Poor Show-
inn—Ao Record* Broken.
NEW HAVEN, Conn., May 16.— Yale
won tne tirst annual dual track athletic
meet with Princeton here this afternoon,
leading from the first event and finally
finishing ahead, with the score of 87 to 25.
In three events Yale took every place,
scoring eight points in earn, and in four
more events Vale took first ana second,
scoring seven out of the possible eight
points in the events.
Piinceton failed to capture all the
points in any event an'i in only one did
sne take first and second— the 220-yard
dash.
Perhaps the most significant point of
the meet is the record made by the Yale
ataleies aeainst the Princeton stars, wdo
nave just returned as the Olympic cham
pions. The Princeton men took first
pl.ices at Athens, but third place was all
the Olympian champions conld secure.
No records were broken, as a strong
wind blew across the field.
HARVARD VICTORY.
Fennaylvaniana Ben ten on Their Own
Ground in Good Style.
PHILADELPHIA, Pa., May 16.—Har
vard defeated Pennsylvania this afternoon
in all athletic sanies on Franklin Field,
the athletic grounds of the University of
Pennsylvania. The visitors won by a
good margin, scoring 05 points to 47 for
the locals. The weather was clear and
pleasant and 3000 persons were in attend
ance. The track and field were in good
condition. In four events — 120-yard
hurdle, 100-yard dash, 220-yard dash and
440-yard dash— Pennsylvania did not
score, the "red and blue" representatives
faiiing to qualify for the finals in the three
former races.
Vienna Chess Tournament.
NEW YORK, N. V.. May 16.— The
Vienna chessmasters' tournament resulted
as follows: First p M. Weiss, won 12,
drew 7; second pi:. Sen led her, won
10, 11 drawn; third | . . . B. English, won
12, 6 drawn; fourth prize, G. Marco, won
11, 6 drawn; fifth prize, <i. Schwarz, won
11, 4 drawn.
SAFE AT SANTA BARBARA
The Steam Collier Czarina Puts
Into Port to Procure
Provisions.
Trouble With the M chine ry Causes
the Vessel to Make Slow
Progress.
SANTA BARBARA, Cal., May in.—
The steam collier Czarina put into port
this afternoon after a four days' run from
San Diego. The vessel is croceeding
Blowly, owing to trouble with the machin
ery. It stopped here for provisions. The
Czarina left Pensacola five months ago
with 800 tons of coal and 4i>o tons of pig
iron for ballast. It touched at several
South American ports, taking on another
100 tons of coal at Acapuieo. It Dassed up
the channel inside of tho islands yester
day and again took to deep water above
San Miguel, but when s^oine ninety miles
from here encountered such heavy weather
that it could hardly keep steerage way,
and concluded to mit back to Santa Bar
bara to avoid the gale and to forage for
supplies. The Czarina expects to go out
during the night.
The Czarina was chartered by John D.
Spfeckels last fall, and is on the way to
San Francisco to report to it.- new owner.
FINDS HEALTH IN CALIFORNIA
Professor Starbuck vf Columbia College
inn Remain in the State.
SANTA BARBARA, Cal., May 16.—
Professor Henry P. Starbuck, lats lecturer
in the Law School of Columbia College,
has been admitted to practice by the Su
preme Court of this State and will begin
practice in Santa Barbara. Professor Star
buck came here nearly two years ago on a
year's leave from his professional chair at
Columbia, being alHicted by a bronciiial
dith'cultv affecting his voice and rendering
it impossible for him to lecture. He has
recovered his Health, but his physicians
consider it inadvisable for him to again risk
the inclemency of the Eastern climate,
and with his family he will take up his
residence in Motitocito, having rented Mr.
Ude's beautiful home.
RECEPTION TO CITIZENS
One Tin usnii'l (iuiMt* Visit the yew
Manual Training School.
SANTA BARBARA, Cal., May 16.— A
large reception was to-day tendered the
citizens of Santa Barbara interested :n the
manual training school by Miss Anna S.
C. Blake, the patroness and founder of the
Floyd school. The beautiful new btiild
inir was in holiday dress, the pupils at
their benches and the sewing school in
session, so that all had an opportunity to
witness the work of the school in opera
tion. A charming collation was served by
the cooking rchool attached to the build
ing, a band of twenty-tive Goleta girls, for
whom Miss Blake each Friday sends a
bus to their homes seven miles distant,
waiting upon the guest?. E^cli was clad
in dainty blue and white gowns. About
1000 people were in attendance.
Welcomed fey Friends.
SANTA BARBARA, Cal., May 16.— A
pleasant reception was last night tendered
Loron E. Hunt and his bride at the rooms
of the Amateur Musical Club. Seventy
live puests were present, including many
of Mr. Hunt's old friends and school
mates. Mr. Hunt is the instructor in civil
engineering in the State University, and
was recently married to Miss Maud
Mosher of Niles.
LOS ANGELES DIVORCE CASE.
Aged Mrs. Ballerino Denied a Decree of
Separation.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., May 15.-One of
the most remarkable divorce suits ever
tried by a California court was brought to
a close here to-day when Judge Shaw in
Department 5 of the Superior Court de
cided the Ballerino case by ordering judg
ment for tho old man. This finally dis
poses of the ciuse celebre and is a crush
ine defeat for Mrs. Hallerino, because the
real light in the wrangle was upon the
property interests.
The aged plaintiff and her children were
endeavoring to net a division of the
$250,000 worth of property owned by the
close-listed Chilean, and the decision of
the court blocks that endeavor at this
time.
Ballerino had some varied experiences
during the proceedings, spending two
days in jail for not paving the alimony
ordered by the court. The judgment re
l ases him from further payment under
the order.
BURIED AT PONT TOWMNEND
Diver Pecarty's Body Recovered From
thf Waters of the Bay. •
PORT TOWN SEND, Wash.. May 16.—
After lying for two months at the bottom
of Port Townsend Bay the body of Diver
Peter Pecarty has been recovered and
iriven Christian burial. Pecarty wan the
unfortunate who was encaged with a
party of wrecicers on the hull of the old
Idaho, famous in its palmy days for speed
and successful smuggling operations.
Pecarty went down into the hull on the
beach near Had look and put in a large
quantity of dynamite to blow it up. Upon
, coming to the surface he at once lighted
the fuse, and despite the warnings of his
associates remained on the scow. A mo
ment later there was a terrible explosion,
and Pecarty was thrown 100 fret into the
air. A heavy diver's suit carried him
down when be struck the water.
Is marvelous. It is indeed the marvel of the nineteenth century. This wonderful rem-
edio-treatment has been indorsed by the leading scientific men of the world, and has
cured hundreds and hundreds of unfortunates who have suffered years and years. This
wonderful vegetable preparation, this remarkable remedio-treatment, this singular dis-
covery cures prematureness of discharge in twenty days. .
s~\ ¥ t f""^ y*^
>I J Hr, J"^4^
Lost Manhood — Nervous Debility — Blues — Melancholy — Constipation — Falling Sensa-
tions— Dizziness— Lack of Energy — Lack of Power — Lack of Capacity — Nervous
Twitching of the Eyes and other parts; indeed, the entire system is strengthened and
invigorated by wonderful Hudyan. Hudyan cures Nervousness, Debility and stops
emissions. Hudyan develops and restores weak organs. Pains in back, pains in loins,
heavy, dull, blue feelings are cured by the Hudyan treatment. If you are suffering
from bad dreams, if j'ou always feel blue, tired and disconsolate, if you are looking into
the depths of despair, if your eyes are bleared, your appetite gone and your ambition
lost Hudyan will cure you. Hudyan will brace you up. Hudyan will give you back
your youth. You will be enabled to work as you have worked. If you need the great
Hudyan don't allow false pride and false modesty to keep you away from it. Hudyan
cures bad blood and dries up ulcers.
You Can't Sleep,
ML
If you can't sleep, if you stay awake all night and are unable to stop thinking,
if when you get up in the morning you feel sore and emaciated, it is time for you to use
the great Hudyan. Anyway, you ought to learn something about Hudyan. Circulars
explain. Write or call for them.
i Hudyan Circular Free, j
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
Stockton, Market and Ellis Streets.
MT. TAMALPAIS
ROAD STRIKE.
Scenic Railway Employes
Again Leave Their
Positions.
CAMP NO. 3 DESERTED.
Foreman John Martin Signs His
Own Discharge and Joins
the Men.
WRETCHED FOOD THE CAUSE.
Workmen Claim They Are Given
Starvation Diet at Excessively
High Rates.
MILL VALLFA'. Cat.., May in.—Trouble
has again broken out between the Cali
fornia Construction Company, engaged in
the building of the Mill Valley and Mount
Tamalpais Scenic Railway, and the labor
ers e«nployed in the grading for the moun
tain road. This morning every man at
(.amp No. 3, situated in Blythedale
Canyon, about a mile from this place,
quit work on account of the wretched
food furnished them. In the camp were
about twenty men and a foreman, and
there is not a single one left. The fore
man, John Martin, --igned his own order
of discharge and told the superintendent
that he would never work for the com
pany again. The men were paid off to
day and most of them left for San Fran
cisco. They were bitter in their denuncia
tion of the con 1 truction company and
laid the biame on the commissary for the
poor food, for which they ware charged 75
cents a day.
John Martin, the foreman at camp 3,
was asked to state for The Call what the
trouble was about: He said:
"There isn't much to be told, but the
trouble is with the food. When I told
Superintendent Graves to-day that all of
us at the camp intended to quit, he asked
me what the matter was, and I told him !
we couldn't stand the food. Three or four j
of the men's lunches were lying near tied i
J up, and I opened them and showed him i
1 what we were given to eat at lunch time
three or four small pieces of bread and
j two nieces of meat, not the length of my j
j finger. I told him that I, who only
watchea the men work, could not get j
along with so little, and it was even harder i
on those who used the pick or shovel all !
day long. That's the whole trouble, and
you can't expect men to work and be
I treated like that, when they pay 75 cents a,
j day for board."
Yesterday ail the men employed by '
| the construction company driving the
| scrapers quit work and new men took their
i places. A young feflow named Clark wa3 i
9een and r-tated that be had worked for i
the company eighteen and three-quarter '
flays at $L 7.") a day; had been upon the i
mountain twenty-seven days and had a j
bill of $4 15 at the store of the construction
com panj-.
When ho went to receive his pay they
I deducted 10 per cent from the amount due
j him, and he received a little over $7 for
the month he was with the company.
j Ancthcr man who had worked two months
dre.\ down only $18 as wages during that
tim '.
A local paper will to-morrow call upon
j the health inspector of this district, Dr. J.
! J. Spoliswood, to examine the food called
jelly, triven the men at the camps in the
mountain. It is said that the jelly fur
i nistied ihe men is pome rank substitute,
! and a number of men who have eaten it
I have become sick. John Martin, the fore
i man, to-day, that he did not know
I what it was, but believed it was bull's
: blood.
Ihe commissary of the construction
company is a man named Crowley, and he
is thoroughly detested by the men, who i
lay the blame entirely upon him. Some
of the laborers have complained to the
Chinese cooks, but the cooks have replied
that they could not furnish good food if
they dM not ;:et it themselves.
The California Construction Company
has rented a ?ture in Mill Valley for one
year, and it is said, intends to conduct a
general merchandise business.
DROWNED AT R VENNWOOD.
George Rraceseo Lost From the Gasoline
Schooner SaHonal.
MENLO PARK, Cal., May 16.-George
Brace-co, one of the employes of the gaso
line launch National, which plies between
Ravenswood and San Francisco, was
struck by another vessel's jibboom within
a few hundred yards of Ravenswood land
ing and thrown overboard last evening.
He sank before assistance could be ren
! dered. His body was recovered from the
j hay early this morning. Bracesco was
, 18 years of age, a native of Pescadero and
' a graduate of the public school of this
place. He was regarded as an exception
ally bright young man.
———_-—____ __
j MEW TO-DAY.
THING
ojxriLrsr.
Did yon ever stop to consider the rent
question ?
liver thought it cut a figure in the
price of your shoes?
Thought mayhe yon would find It out
of the question to.obtain .Shapely Shoes
i "south of Market."
Better think this over carefully, for It
; pays,
rc^.isr&, 91.50t
In all the Newest Designs, Latest Shades
and shapes.
i*x3xr:B T^3L3Nr kid.
Houlthem Ties, up to date in every way, cho*>-
eULer M%?m n» dllOm. c br °Wn cloth to P» to mlwhj
■ ha.fj and ii h h pol-?led or Mrrow si"*™ t0«
ti iphb Til.^ ht hlu"1 -sewed turn soles.
FIFT\? c Bel at ONE DOLLAR AND
n»id»hi)i ' and they are ouly to be corn-
era »2?0 for. T°U ® be D paying other dea^
«.fj e^ d«/°. the SULLIVAN CATALOGUE, Juit
out. sent free everywhere for the asking.
SULLIVAN'S
Money - Saving: distributors of
Shoes— Tliat wear,
18-20-22 Fourth Street,
NEAR MARKET,REPUBLICANS OF
HO CONVENE,
Delare the Financial Issue
Paramount to All
Others.
DEMAND FREE COINAGE.
National Delegates Instructed to
Vote for a Friend of
Silver.
SINAT OR DUBOIS EULOGIZED
His Colleague, Shoup, Rebuked for
His Attitude on the Money
Question.
POCATELLO, Idaho, May 16.— The Re
publicans of Idaho to-day declared un
equivocally for free silver, and resolved to
vote in the National Convention for the
Preshkntial canditlat ■ who stood upon a
white metal platform. They placed tbe
financial issue paramount to all others,
even gome so far as to table a resolution
declaring that tne delegates to St. Louis
should abide by the action of that conven
tion. Senator Dubois was eulogized for
having championed silver in the upper
house of Congress, while his colleague,
Senator Shoup, came in for a stern re
buke for his adverse attitude.
The convention was called to order in
the opera-house at 11 o'clock by Chairman
Mark Patrie. The delegates were present
200 strong, and choice flowers and the
National colors were in abundance. Hon.
A. A. Crane of Kootenai County was
elected temporary chairman, and D. C.
Chase temporary secretary. Tbe chair
man appointed committees on credentials,
resolutions, permanent organization and
order of business. The convention then
took a recej-s until 2 p. m. When it re
convened. Hon. Lyttleton Price was
elected permanent chairman, and Tem
porary Secretary Chase was made perma
nent secretary. The committee on reso
lutions presented a lengthy report. The
first portion of the platform was as fol
lows:
Whereas. Tbe Republican Convention of
■dared in fnvur of gold and silver as
standard money of the United States and con
demned the action of the Democratic parly
for its efforts in attempting to demonetize
silver; and whereas, the Republican National
Convention of 1892 substantially reiterated
the declaration of 1888; and whereas, the
question of crystallizing into a law the utter
ances of the last two conventions named
and of every utterance heretofore made
by the Republican party ot this State
recent se in the United States Senate;
and whereas, Senators Henry M. Teller, Fred
T. Dni .- H. Carter, Lee Mantle and
. I'Hnnon demanded the enforcement of
utform and utterances under conditions
known to all; ihtreiore b«j it
d. Tjatwe heartily indorse the action
of Senator DuboU in joining with his associ
ined in the fearless position named in
behalf of the free coinage o! silver.
Judge Heyburn of Shoshone offered a
ute, simply declaring for free and un
limited coinage of silver at 16 to 1, without
regard to the action or policy of any other
nation on earth. The substitute was voted
down.
Stewart of Ada offered an addition to
the resolutions, approving the course of
rs .Shoup, Dubois and Representa
tive Wilson, and expressed confidence that
while they had differed as to methods
they had acted honestly and in good faith
in the interest of silver. Tnis was lost by
a large majority.
Stewart next offered a resolution declar
ing it to be the sense of the convention
that the delegates to the National Conven
tion should abide by the action of that
convention. On motion this was tabled.
The original platform was then adopted,
numerous delegates declining to vote.
At the evening session the following del
egates to the National Convention at St.
Louis were elected: Fred T. Duboia, Wil
lis Sweet, Lyttleton Price, A. B. Campbell,
Benjamin Rich and Alexander Robertson.
Senator Shoup was nominated but not
elected. »
This means that whoever is nominated
on a silver platform at the National Con
vention will receive the full support of the
Idaho delegates.
LOS ANGELES DEMOCRATS.
Boss Buckley Defeated in the County Central
Committee — A Motion to Adjourn
Goes Through.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., May 16.— Owing
to the presence in this city of Chris
Buckley of San Francisco, who, it had been
declared, had everything "'fixed" to con
trol not only the Democratic primaries in
this county, but those of all Southern Cali
fornia, great interest attached to the meet
ing of the Democratic County Central
Committee to-day.
At the forenoon session Secretary Ram
ish tendered his resignation, which was
accepted, and a recess taken until 2 p. m.
The country members were conspicuous
by their absence. The burning question
of the hour related to the forthcoming
primaries — whether they should be held
Dy wards or precincts.
General C. F. A. Last, George S. Patton.
William It. Burke, Abbott Kinney, Will
1 . ll nrris, Councilman 1L P. Snydcr, Tom
.McCaffry and other war-horses araonj the
Democracy were early in the hall and in
consultation with their associates. Buck
ley was not present in person, but some of
his frer.ds were and watched the pro
ceedings closely.
After the roil was eallsd and it was
found that sixty-five members were pres
ent in person or by proxy, George S.
Patton moved that the committee adjourn
for one week. He said he made the
motion because many members had not
Leen notified ; there was confusion about
the place of meeting and comparatively
few delegates were present from the
country.
Patton spoke of the gratuitous presence
of Buckley in the city, and intimated that
pins had been set up to prevent a free ex
pression of opinion.
McCaffry demanded a rollcall on the
motion, and a dozen members were on
their feet, all talking at once. Patton told
McCaffry, "of the Arcade depot" as he
designates him, that if the country had a
week to prepare in it would give him com
plete defeat. Several points of order were
made, and before the roll was called Pat
tot? withdrew hii motion to make un
3ther demanding that no proxies be al
lowed.
This precipitated another scene of wild
confusion, and charges of jobbery and bad
faith were exchanged. After a red-hot
difcussion the motion against proxies was
carried by a vote of 54 to 36, which left a
clear field for the country delegates, and
they easily carried the motion to adjourn
for one week.
Thus the Buckleyites were defeated at
every point. The "chief" is crestfallen
and disgruntled, and will now probably
leave for the vine-clad slopes of Liver
more.
RAILWAY SALE AT SEATTLE.
The Lake Shore Brings $1,000,000 at
Auction — Lawyers Allowed Hand
some Fees.
SEATTLE, Wash., May 16.— Local law
yers got some big fees by the sale of the
Seattle, LaKe Shore and Eastern Railroad,
which was knocked down for $1,000,000 this
afternoon to Judge H. G. Struve, who ap
peared as counsel for tne Union Trust
Company, representing Messrs. H. O. Ar
mour, J. P. Smith and Morton 8. Payton,
the New York bondholders' purchasing
committee. By the terms of the decree of
sale Struve, Allen, Hughes <fe McMicken
are to receive $40,000; Carr & Preston.
$16,000; Receivers J. H. Bryant and
Thomas R. Brown, $10,000 each, in addi
tion to $300 each per montli salary, which
they have drawn since tne beginning of
the receivership, over two years aeo, and
Master-in-chancery Eben Smith $5000 lor
conducting the sale.
EUREKA'S NEW LINE RETARDED.
Capitalist Minor Sues to Recover a Sub
scription for a Jiailway.
EUREKA, Cal., May 16.— Isaac Minor,
one of the heaviest subscribers to the
bonus offered by the people of tnis county
to the California, Oregon and Idaho Rail
way Company, has commenced suit to re
cover the money he paid in under the first
call for 5 per cent. Mr. Minor was a sub
scriber to the amount of $20,000, and under
the farst call paid in $1000. He claims that
the company has failed to fulfill its con
tract and ha's attached all the funds. The
railroaa committee, which contemplated
continuing the survey as soon as the
weather settled, will now be unable to pro
ceed until the suit is settled.
MERCED'S UNKNOWN DEAD
Proof That Officers Collins and
Dowst Shot an Innocent
Stranger.
The C'aim That They Were Fired
Upon Is Discredited by tbe
Evidence.
MFRCED, Cal., May 16.— There is no
longer much doubt that the unknown
man killed by Officers Collins and Dowst,
near Merced Monday evening, was inno
cent. He was shot and killed while seem
ingly trying to escape from the pair.
They believed him to be Burke, an escaped
Selma burglar. It is now believed that
the stranger, seeing the officers in pursuit,
mistook them for highwaymen and started
to run. They then fired upon and killed
him.
It was brought ont at the inquest to-day
that Burglar Burke, who escaped from a
Selma officer by jumping from a train, is
slightly bald, while the man lying at the
morgue has a full head of hair. The
clothes worn by tbe dead man are differ
ent in color from those of tbe escape.
Burke came to him in a field and urged
him to relieve him of his handcuff*. On
being refused he took to the brush and
disappeared.
Tbe officers are both young men. and
feel keenly the position they are in. They
have employed two attorneys to attend to
their interests at the inquest.
The testimony this evening tended to
show that the pistol alleged to have been
found beside the deceased by the accused
officers had not been iired within a month
past. They claimed on the night ol the
shooting that the fleeing burglar shot at
them once before they fired at him.
Officer Collins was called to the stand
and by the advice of nis attorney refused
to testify.
Because of the absence of an important
witness the District Attorney asked for a
continuance until next Tuesday evening
and ordered a bench warrant issued for
the defaulting witness. Pending the re
sult of the inquiry the two officers are in
iail.
SANTA ROSA`S JOFENILE FETE
Children Emulate Their Elders mth a
Flower Carnival.
SANTA ROSA, Cal., May 16.—McDon
ald avenue, which is Santa Rosa's aristo
cratic suburb, was the scene of much mer
riment to-day. A juvenile rose carnival
was the attraction, and only children par
ticipated. The parade was a brilliant
feature, only Shetland ponies, goats and
dogs being used to draw the tiny vehicles.
Having the advantages of fine weather and
plenty of flowers, the decorations rivaled
the '"grown-up" parade of a few weeks
ago.
Miss Edith Wiley was crowned queen,
the coronation taking place on the spa
cious lawn surrounding the residence of
Colonel Mark L. McDonald. To-night the
McDonald residence was given up to the
children and a grand ball was indulged in.
WOMES MEET AT CHICO.
Annual Convention of the liutte County
Temperance Convention.
CHICO, Cal., May 16.— The annual con
vention of the W. C. T. U. of Butte
County was heid to-day in the M. E.
Church, Mrs. S. M. M. Woodman presid
ing. Addresses of welcome were delevered
by Mrs. C. C. Royce on behalf of the W.
C. T. C. and by Rev. Mr. Jenness on be
half of the clergy.
Committees were appointed, every union
in the county being represented. The re
ports of officers were made, followed by
noontide devotional exercises, led by Mrs.
John Bidwell.
An address by Mrs. Jenness on "Scien
tific Temperance" this evening was fol
lowed by a general discussion.
sudden' 'Heath Srar Mittturn.
MERCED, Cal., May 16.— The body of
George A. Fayle was brought to Merced
this morning from the county line near
Miiiturn. Favle was a section boss in the
employ of the Southern Pacific. He was
found dead last night at his home. Coro
ner Clouph held an inquest to-dny, the
jury returning a verdict that death was
caused by alcoholism. A widow and
three children survive him.
Los Angelas Spirit* Err.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., May 16.— Mrs.
Charlotte Sanders, who has been controlled
by spirit guides for some time past, seems
to have been misguided when she was in
fluenced to attempt to 1 secure a divorce
from her husband, Benjamin Sanders.
Judge Shaw denies her petition.
Editor* to Mert at Chieo.
CHICO, Cal.. May 16.— The citizens of
Chico are making extensive preparations
for the meeting of the Sacramento Valley
Press Association here on Monday. Sev
eral hundred delegates, with their wives,
from all over this valley will attend.
it takes £35 to keep an English railway
carriage io order for twelve month&>
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY 17, 1896.
THE FORESTERS'
WORK AT UKIAH
Proceedings at the Session
of the Subsidiary High
Court.
ELECTION OF OFFICERS.
Dr. E. G. Case the Choice of the
Delegates for High Chief
Ranger.
COURT REDWOOD'S HOSPITALITY
Visitors to the Mendocino Town Roy
ally Entertained by the
Residents.
UKIAH, Cal., May 16.— The session of
the Subsidiary High Court, Ancient Order
of Foresters, which has just adjourned,
was one of the most important in the his
tory of the order on this coast. Delegates
were present from all the courts west of
The Delegates to the Subsidiary High Court, Ancient Order of Foresters, Whose Annual Session Has
Just Closed at Ukiah.
the Rockies. Honolulu is in the Pacific
jurisdiction, and a delegate from that
court was in attendar.ee.
The session was called to order on Tues
day last at the Christian church, "William
Cashman, high chief ranger, presiding.
The committee on credentials repotted 131
delegates entitled to seats.
The adoption of a three-degree ritual
was strongly advocated by many present,
and when the committee on written and
unwritten work reported in favor of a
mo:e elaborate ritual of initiation the
recommendation carried. In preparing
the revised ritual that now in use in the
Atlantic jurisdiction will be followed so
far as consistent with the general laws of
this juris'liction.
A resolution was presented looking
toward the subdivision of this jurisdiction
into districts, each district to be com
posed of one State or Territory, to hod
annual meetings, at which delegates to tiie
Subsidiary High Court would be selected.
In that event it was proposed to hold bi
ennial sessions of the Subsidiary High
Court. Many were in favor of this amend
ment, but as it takes a two-thirds vote to
carry such a measure, it was lost.
A proposition to reduce the per-capita
tax from 80 to 70 cents was advanced. The
finance committee in its report recom
mended that no change be made, and after
considerable discussion the report was
adopted.
An important amendment adopted by
the convention was that making it op
tional with the High Court to meet either
annually or biennially, as it saw lit.
The committee on time and place of
meeting reported that it had decided to
hold the next session of the High Court at
Oakland on tho second Tuesday in May,
1898, and consequently all officers elected
at this session hold office for two years.
Those elected were:
High chief ranger — Dr. E. G. Case of
Court Redwood, Ukiah.
High sub-chief ranger— M. Boehm, the
incumbent, re-electeil
High court secretary— Judee J. A.
Campbell, of Court Gart'reld, San Francisco.
High court treasurer— George W. Lund
of Court Excelsior.
High court senior woodward— P. J. Cole
of Court Star of the West, San Francisco.
High court junior woodward— George
H. B. Shaw of Court Paradise, San Diego.
Senior beadle— Will G. Thompson of
Napa.
Junior beadle— Charles F. Fry of San
Francisco.
Board of auditors — R. McClelland and
William Glaus, of San Francisco; M. J.
O'Garaof Oakland.
Board of trustees — D. J. Shine, Dr. J.
H. Smith, J. D. Barnes, 11. McArthur,
Peter Coppin.
Board of trial arbitrators — Joseph Hagan,
N. Nathan, W. J. Locke, George F. Brown]
O. P. Welsh, D. E. Besecker, J. D. Wia
gate.
Court Redwood of this place had ar
ranged a fine programme for the enter
tainment of the visitors and it was well
carried out. On Tuesday evening a pub
lic reception was tendered the delegates
at the Opera House by citizens. The vis
itors were given the keys to the city ny
Mayor T. L. Carothers. His address of
welcome was responded to by Past High
Chief Hanger H. Beaver on behalf of the
visiting Foresters. On Wednesday even
ing a banquet wae tendered the delegates
and toasts were the order until early
morning. M. P. Light was toastmaster of
the evening. Police Judge Campbell of
San Francisco responded to the toast
"The Ladies." A grand ball was tendered
the delegates on Thursday evening, and
oa Friday an excursion was made to Vichy
Springs and other places of interest in the
vicinity.
ACCIDENT SEIS JAMESTOWN.
Drummer Bronchi of Stockton Probably
Fntally Shot.
JAMESTOWN, Cal., May 16— T. B.Bros
chi, a drummer for the hardware and agri
cultural implement firm of H. C. Shore of
Stockton, to-day was the victim of a pain
ful and possibly fatal accident. Mr. Bros
chi was traveling in a light wagon and
while going through a mountain pass got
down from his seat to water his horses.
In doing so be accidentally caught the
trigger on a shotgun which was lying in
the wagon in the brake, causing its dis
charge, and receiving the contents in the
i ri^ht arm, near the elbow.
The wounded man was removed to Chi
nese Camp and a doctor sent for from
Stockton. The injured man is very weak
and it is not improbable that if bis arm is
amputated the operation will result
I fatally.
GRIDLET`S NEW CANNERY
Its Dedication Made the Occasion for a
Celebration.
GRIDLEY, Cal., May 16.— T0-day
marked an important epocD in the history
of Gridley, for on this date was dedicated
the magnificent fruit cannery erected at
this point, the center of the largest decid
uous district of Northern California. Tbe
dedication was made the occasion for a
celebration in which nearly the whole
county participated. Hundreds were
present.
Chief among the attractions was a base
ball tournament between the clubs of Grid
ley, Honcut, Durham and Neison. The
nrst prize was won by Hi»ncut and the sec
ond by the Nelson nine. This was followed
by a tng-of-war, which Honcut won. A
dance was in progress all the afternoon in
the cannery building and a ball was held
there to-night. Generous prizes were
awarded to contestants in races and other
athh'tic sports.
The new cannery is now ready for work.
It is admitted by experts to be one of the
most complete in the State.
FOWLER FARMERS FIGHT
Argue With Shovels Their Dif
ferences Over an Irriga
tion Ditch.
Each B dy Battered Man Procures a
Gun, bui a Woman Ends
the Strife.
FRESNO. Cal.. May I(>.— William Bu
chanan ami William Anton, farmers re
siding near Fowler, engaged in a fight yes
terday afiernoon, and Anton may die.
They have a joint irrigation ditch, and it
was the same old story — both wanted to
use the ditch at the same time.
Buchanan went to Anton's place to set
tle the dispute. He was carrying a shovel,
and after a few hot words with his neigh
bor brought the implement down edge
wise on Anton's head. Each blow cut a
deep gash.
Mrs. Anton ran out of the house and
prevented further injury to her husband,
Buchanan turned to leave when Anton,
with blood streaming down his face, seized
a shovel ar.d struck his opponent with the
broad side on the back of the head.
Buchanan ran home, got a aun and re
turned. Anton also secured a gun, but
Mr?. Anton got between them and pre
vented a shooting. Anton was taken to
Fowler, where his wounds were dressed.
They are of a serious nature.
ARRESTED BY A CITIZEN
A Chinese Loiter*/ ticket Vendor Comes
to Grief.
FRESNO, Cal., May 16.— A Chinaman
named Wong Hong was to-day arrested
by E. M. Augustine, a citizen, on a charge
of selling lottery tickets. Hong is a vendor
of Chinese lottery tickets, and his busi
ness is to sell them among white residents
oftbiscity. He had been coming around
to Augustine's place a number of times,
and this morning Augustine took him in
charge, acting upon tlie instruction of
Justice of the Peace fct. John. Hong's
bail was fixed at $2000, which he could not
furnish.
Terry Property Sold.
FRESNO, Cal., May 16.— Judge Webb
this morning confirmed the sale of twenty
acres of land near Sanger that belonged to
the estate of the late Judce David Terry.
C. G. Sayle, the administrator of the es
tate, made the sale to Miss E. K. Moble
for |5 0, the record showing that it was
made to the highest bidder. The land
lies in a swale and is prac tlcallv worth
less. This sale closed the business of the
extensive estate of Judge Terry, which
was sold under foreclosure.
Humboldt Cropa I>amaged.
EUREKA, Cal., May lfi.— The excessive
ratns have seriously affected the crops
generally in this locality. The dairying
interests, which have hitherto escaped
material injury, will suffer greatly from
this season's downpour. Fruits of all
kinds, especially cherrios, prunes and
apples, have been injuriously affected by
the continued cold rains*. An insect pest
has appeared among the oats in low-lying
districts. Garden work and planting nave
been delayed a month, and the general
backwardness of the seasonal work is un
precedented.
SAN JOSEANS
ARE HONORED
The Christian Endeavorers
Elect G. W. Campbell
President.
F. W. REID SECRETARY.
Miss Nason of San Diego Con
tinued as Superintendent
of Juniors.
WORK OF THE CONVENTION.
The Record for Numbers at a Cali
fornia State Convention
Broken.
SAN JOSE, Cal., May 16.— The session
of the Christian Endeavor convention at
the First Methodist Church this morning
was larlely attended. The meeting was
opened by devotional services by Rev. E.
S. Chapman and prayer by Rev. L.. L.
Wirt. President Kellogg announced the
following committees:
Nominatiug— Rev. E. B. Hays, Modesto; W,
K. Jenkins, Ban Jose; Miss Lorrie Cook, Santa
Ana; Rev. R. E. Hale, Auburn; Rolla V. Watt,
San Francisco; Mrs. C. C. Reynolds, Pasadena;
E. B. Ware, t?«nta Rosa.
AudUinK— E. L. Bickford, Napa, and E. C.
Gilbert. Oakland.
Key. E. S. Chapman continued his talk
on "How to Study the Bible." He also
spoke on the duty of parents toward their
children. Ho said parents thought too
much of piano practice, Delieving soul
culture came of itself.
Evangelist J. H. Elliott spoke on "The
Conditions of Prevailing Prayer. 1 ' He was
followed by Key. William Rader of San
Francisco on "The Development of a True
Missionary Spirit in the Junior Society."
Rev. A. W. Rider of Los Angeles ad
dressed the convention on "Intermediate
Work." He said:
"The Intermediate Society is the bridge
across the chasm between youth and
young manhood and between youth and
womanhood. There are three stages in a
boy's life— the boisterous, the Dashful and
the bumptious. Nothing helps some in
telligent, aspiring boy so much as giving
him a position of responsibility and an
opportunity for usefulness. The most
mischievous boy can be handled by
making him the guardian of the develop
ment and performance of worn of his fel
low."
Short talks by a number of intermedi
ates followed. Mrs. F. K. Upham, wife of
the superintendent of the Soldiers' Home
at Santa Monica, presented the greeting
of the veterans at the home to the En
deavor Society. Miss Mary A. Teets,
national evangelist of the W. C. T. XL,
spoke of the objects of that institution.
Mrs. Arnold presented greetings from the
Girls' Society at Whittier and a return
was ordered. Rev. W. Rader conducted a
question-box, and on adjournment Rev.
John 11. Elliot held an evangelistic ser
vice at the County Jail,
The afternoon session opened by a Bible
reading, "By whom the World is Crucified
Unto Me," by Rev. Alexander Patterson of
Chicago.
President Giles Kellogg, Secretary Leon
ard Merrill and Rev. William Rader were
appointed delegates to the Washington
International Convention in July, with $50
paid each toward expenses.
A. R. Waters, chairman of the creden
tials committee, reported 513 accredited
delegates, the largest ever in attendance
at a California State Convention. Over
1000 visiting Endeavorers have already
registered.
The following were elected State officers
for the ensuing year;
President— G. W. Campbell of San Jose.
First vice-president — Dr. 8..' m Rigdon of
San Francisco.
Second vice-president— Leonard Merrill
of Los Angeles.
Third vice-president— Miss Catherine
Dcnnian of Petaluma.
Secretary — Francis W. Reid of San Jose.
Treasurer— H. F. Holland of Oakland.
Slate junior superintendent — Miss Belle
P. Nason of San Diego.
Secretary of missionary work— Miss M.
L. Berry of San Francisco.
Secretary of floating societies — M. C.
Turner of San Diego.
Superintendei.t of commercial travelers'
work— E. H. Ehmann.
This eveninc the Carnival Pavilion was
packed with Endeavorersand their friends.
Tho Oakland First Congregational Church
orchestra of forty pieces furnished a spec
ial musical programme. Rev. Alexander
Patterson of Chicago delivered an address
on "Paul, Our Highest Human Example,"
and Rev. vV. T. Elsing spoke on the New
York City missions.
To-morrow there will be denominational
services at the different chu.ches, led as fol
lows: Christian, Rev. Henry Shadle;
Baptist, Rev. C. H. Hobart; Congrega
tional, Rev. James B. Orr; Presbyterian,
Theo. M. Wright; Methodist, Dr. E. E.
Kelly.
SUES FOR SUPPORT.
Lucy E. Park liemands That Her Hus
band Provide for Her Maintenance.
SAN JOSE, Cal., May 16.— Lucy E.
Park to-day began suit in tbe Superior
Court to compel her husband, Monroe C.
Park, to contribute to the support of her
self and their 10-year-old daughter, Edith
Park.
The couple were marrisd in Topeka,
Kan«., In 1S»J8. They have resided in this
county for about five years, but for the
past two years lutve lived apart. Some
time ago Park sued his wife for divorce on
the ground of insertion, but the decree
was denied. Mrs. Park alleges that for
two ye;irs prior to their separation on Octo
ber 13 iast, her husband treated her cruelly
and in an inhuman manner, and disre
garded his marriage vows. She asks that
Park be compelled to pay lier $20 per
month for the support of herseif ami child.
Thpre is community property valued at
$3000, subject to mortgages of $1200, and
she wants an equitable division.
BELIEVES HE IS AN OUTLAW.
Strange Hallucination of an Imbecile
Sent to Agnetcs Asylum.
SAN JOSE, Cal., May 16.— James Can
non, who walked into the police station a
few nights ago and introduced himself as
an outlaw and an old associate of the
James and Younger boys, was to-day com
mitted to Aanews Insane Asylum by
Judge Lorigan.
Cannon is a native of New York, 54
years of age, and a switchman by occupa
tion. At one time be was confined in the
San Bernardino Asylum. While switching
cars several years* a«o he was injured on
the head, and this and excessive drinking
are tue causes of bis insanity. While con
fined in jail he tore his shirt into strips
and attempted to hang himself. He im
agines he is a train-robber.
Struck by a Streetcar.
SAN JOSE, Cal., May 16.— John G.
Gray, a destitute gardener, aged about 55
years, w-as struck by a streetcar in this
city this evening and probably fatally in
iured. He was intoxicated at the time.
His injuries consist of a broken right
shoulder and several broken ribs, his right
side being terribly crushed.
SANTA CRUZ HOTEL SALE
Pacific Ocean House Disposed of
Under an Auctioneer's
Hammer.
The Transfer Made to Facilitate a
Settlement of the More
Estate.
SANTA CRUZ, Cal., May 15.— The Pa
cific Ocean House property to-day passed
into the possession of the II I.1 '. A. Hihn
Company, for a consideration of $30,110.
The property was owne t jointly by the F.
A. Hihn Company and the More estate,
and, with much of the balance of tbe
property of that estate, has been in litiga
tion for the past twenty-five years. The
sale to-day was by L. J. Dake, the referee
appointed by the Superior Court, and was
for the purpose of turning the real estate
into cash, that the heirs of W. H. More
may receive a proper distiibution of their
property.
f his is only a small part of the property
in this county owned by the estate, and
the price bid for it under the hammer
might be considered a fancy figure, the
hotel bringing $28,675. The balance of the
purchase price of $30,110 covered adjoining
pieces of real estate and improvements,
including Turn Verein Hall.
John R. Chace, proprietor of the hotel,
said to-day that lie believed ttie change of
ownership would not affect nis possession
as lessee.
His lease had about expired, but it
would in all probability be renewed on
satisfactory terms.
Mr. Hihn bought a half interest in this
botei in ISBI forsl3.ooo, which was regarded
as very cheap at that time. A third story
has been added since at a cost of about
$12,000 and about $2000 has been expended
on interior improvements. The whole
property has a frontage of 100 feet and
extends from Pacific avenue back to Vane
street— 3oo feet.
Santa Cruz Election Contest.
SANTA CRUZ. Cal., May 16.— The de
murrer of City Clerk Wright to the com
plaint of W. H. Miller, who is contesting
the election of \Vright. was overruled by
Judge Logan in the Superior Court to
day, and the case was continued until
Monday. Mr. Lincoln, the defeated can
didate for re-election, made no right for
himself in the matter, although he was
defeated by only one vote.
THE STREETCAR EYE.
A Nervous Affection of the Eyes Which
Is Becoming Common,
One of the commonest nervous affections
of the eye is produced by continuous rid
ing in streetcars. That is what the ocul
ists say. Some streetcars run their seats
lenethwise and therein lies the difficulty.
Some day as you are riding downtown
watch the movement of the eyes of the
man across from you. He is gazing out
of the window, possibly reading the
signs of the business houses just to kill
time. First his eyes glance ahead of the
car, fall on the sign and a« the car passes
by his eyes turn back. Then they shoot
abeail acain.
Sometimes this constant shifting of the
eye up and down the street is very rapid,
as a passenger watches the people on the
sidewalk. In half an hour's ride his eyes
will have twiched back and forth with a
continuity that brings on fatigue. But he
keeps it up to the end of the ride, and
later in the afternoon wonders why his
eyes are tired and why they water.
NEW TO-DAY.
Humphreys'
Homeopathic
Specifics
Cure
The Sick.
Ask your druggist for the
Specific you need, get well and
strong for a quarter. It is a
small investment, but means
much to you. Manual of all
Diseases mailed free.
Small bottles of pleasant pellets— fit tbe vest
pocket; sol 1 by druggists or sent prepaid npon
receipt of r rice, \ib cents. Humphreys' Medicine
Company, 111 William street, New York.
ON STANFORD'S DIAMOND.
Faculty Members Practicing for
the Baseball Game With
Seniors.
They Are Regaining Old-Time Form
and May Surprise the Younger
M n
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Cal., May
16.— Professor Nathan Abbott, head of the
law department here, was suddenly called
East yesterday to the hedside of his
mother, who is very ill. His classes have
about completed the semester's work and
will probably be dismissed. A thorough
law course is to be given here this year us
a part of summer school work. AH the
courses are much more complete for tlio
summer work this year than ever before.
The trackmen are a* work each evening
ana are all in pretty fair condition at the
present time. There is talk of holding a
field day next Saturday, though on ac
count of the faculty-senior baseball game
there may be a change.
The faculty members are practicing on
the diamond, getting into shape for the
anmial game with the senior class and
working off the stiffness induced by class
room and de«k work. Several of the
"profs." are fine players, and their work
is watched with great interest by the stu
dents. Nearly all tne members of the
faculty team have been members of col
lege teams, and haven't been off the dia
mond so long but that they can wear tbe
rust off with a few afternoons' work.
Professor Angell of the psychological
department is the crack man of the team,
but Dr. Jordan is not far behind him, and
before the doctor had to wear glasses he
could outbat any man on the team. He
has "lost his eye," as he expresses it, and
negotiates a base hit but rarely.
Proiessor Richardson of the chemistry
department is catcher and played that
position for Lehign. He ie very sure and
it is dangerous work to attempt to steal
second on him. Professors Murray,
Young, Wing, Fish and Hoskins are all
good fielders. Professor Fish is an ex-
Cornell pitcher and will fill the box Here
for the faculty.
The Giee and Mandolin clubs are to give
a concert in San Francisco during the
coming week for the benefit of the track
fund. A most enjoyable concert was
given here last evening by the clubs.
This afternoon tne Stanford diamond
was occupied by two school teams — one
from the Berkeley Primary School and the
other from the Palo Alto Primary School.
About 1000 schoolboys were on hand to
cheer their respective* representatives, and
it has been a long time since the campus
rang so loudly with the high trebles of
coming collegians. lioth nines were
heavy batters and both played good ball
for young amateurs. The Palo Alto team
won by a score of 16 to 10.
In some districts of India large tanks
are constructed by banking up the over
flow. These embankments are sometimes
miles in length, and from them during
the dry season the water can be easily
conveyed so as to overflow the 'rice fields.
Denmark's foreign egg trade has grown
to a tremendous size, mainly with Britain.
Twenty years ago the annual Danish ex
port of egss was 900,000 dozen ; now it is
reckoned at 111.000.000.
an you afford to hare
your face and hands filled with pimples
and blood blotches? If you can— if you
want boils in your hair, on your face, on
your body, all over yourself if you wish
great big sarsaparilla trademarks on your
face — use a sarsaparilla containing iodide
of potassium. If you want a clean face, a
clean stomach, a clean body, use
Testimonial.
The Edw; W. Joy Company — Sirs: '-'-I
have been a sufferer from a norrible blood
disease for the last five years. | Have suf-
fered untold misery, both bodily and men-
tally. Have used Joy's Vegetable Sarsa-
parilla continually, . and have derived
wonderful benefits from it.
I had ruined my stomach by taking
mercury and potash until I became a
chronic dyspeptic, unable to retain the
least solid* on my stomach. At the writ-
ing can eat anything and digest it thor-
oughly. without any inconvenience. When
I commenced taking Joy's "Vegetable
Sarsauarilla I weighed 125 pounds, now I
weigh 160 pounds, feel well, eat well and
believe I am well, but will continue taking
the remedy right along.
You may publish this, as I want all suf-
ferers to be benefited by my experience.
(Signed) MR. THOMAS Q. BROWN,
Mayfield, Cal.
SHUN THE SUBSTITUTE.
PHILADELPHIA SHOE Cl
I STAMPED ON A SHOE
MEANS STANDARD OP MERIT.
$2,00 JB
A SPECIAL BARGAIN.
Russet shoes are now the style, and we lead , for
nobby style* of Russets at bedrock prices. No
odds and ci d-t, but everything new and well made.
We ure still uandicapped by that fence on th« cor-
ner, and we have resolved to sell lower than ever.
We are offering special bargains this week. La-
dies' Fine Russet Kid Lace shoes, with either, kid
or brown cloth tops, and Ladies' Russet Kid But-
ton. They have very pointed toes and tips. ' Lat-
est style of Tokio lan, which we will sell for .
52.00
a pair. We defy 'competition. No store in this
city is offering Russet shoes like these under $2 SO
or 13. The Russet kid is soft and pliable and ta« :
cloth is the best grade. '
t<~B~ Country orders solicited.
49* Mend for New Illustrated Catalogs*
Address .
B. KATCHINSKI,
10 Third Street, San fraud
rifinffi pTiartliilWhUulM^BHwdllilllMiiiiaHi fc IMMWiMIhWIIHI I'm in fl i|T»
56
W. H. T. DURRANT`S
EXPENSIVE TRIAL.
It Has Cost the City, All
Told, Over Sixteen
Thousand.
THREE MONTHS' WORK.
The District Attcrcey's Figuring
en Salaries aod Ex
penses.
TWENTY -SIX MEN ENGAGED.
Their Eutire Time and Attention Was
Continually Needed for the
Case.
Now that the case of Theodore Durrant
is nearly ready for the Supreme Court
people are beginning to wonder just what
his crimes and his trial have cost the City.
The expenses of the trial and all things
connected with it are not easy to figure
out, but outside of the salaries of the
officers engaged in the case they do not
come to a very lar^e amount. It is true
the salaries of the officials would have
(/one on just the same had the tragedy in
Emmanuel Church never been committed,
but the fact remains that twtnty-six of the
City's servants did nothing else from July
22 to November 1, 1895, bui look after Dur
rant and the litigation over him.
There was Judge Murphy, who tried the
case; his salary is $333 a month; then
Di-trict Attorney Barnes at |41G a month
and Assistant District Attorney Peixotto
at $250. a stenographer at $10 a day, two
courtroom clerks drawing together $350 a
month, six bailiffs at .fl-iO a month each,
Captain Lees and" three detectives at $150
and $125 a month and ten police officers
each dra wine ij-100 a month.
All the?e were constantly engaged on
the case from the opening of the trial.
The police were always on guard in the
halls and Captain Lees and the three de
tectives spent every day in court or work
ing up evidence. Business in their sev
eral lines had to wait until Purrant's case
had been settled.
Of expenses peculiar to the trial there
was about $200U for transcribing testi
mony; $250, for an expert on handwriting;
Nl'*» for the services of Professor Price,
another expert; $23 each to Dr. Mays and
Dr. Rosenstirn, more experts; $500 for
foreign witness fees and expenses; $200 for
exhibits, and now there is nearly due $1100
for printing the transcript for the Su
"THE CALL" RACING CHART.
California Jockey Club's Spring Meeting. Bay District Track. Fifteenth day. Saturday
May 16, 1896. Weather tine. Track fast.
IQI *'IHST HACK— five and a half lurlon»s; selling; three-year-oids and up; conditions-
- 11/"±. purse $300.
Index. I
index, j Horse, age, weight. I St. I\% i \.. j3 A »tr. Fin. Jockeys. 'oßeltlDo BeltlD
1178 lo'Kleeta, 4... 109 6 1 6i'j 6 1 j2% 12 Bergen ~ 8 10
(942)1 Johunv Capron, 4109 4 2h 2 1 j 31 2% Kspinosa 00 10
1105 ,Rey Alta. 4 109 2 41 lh | Iy. 3h Bozemau.. . 8 7
1134 Joe Hill, a 112 0 5J> 4% ■ Dll" 42 | Heuuessy..."!; . 30 50
1160 Joe Cotton, a 113 8 9 8 8 -• Coadv... . 1 7-5
1192 i I'naijue A mo, 3. 95 10 8 31 •■ 4)/> 61 jpiguott 9-'» s
1164 Harry Lewis.*... 116 9 71 .9 -.■ 9 71 Anderson.!. 100 100
650 l.oreuall. 3 9." 1 3 1/ 2 61 6 % 81 Joe Weber •30 50
1189 Carroll Cook. 4. .109 7 10 10 10 9. Rowan.. 100 150
1160 Bile of Stoewil, 4 107 3 1% 7 1 7 10 shields 6 8
Starting-gate used. Won easily. Winner, J. 11. Buckley's br. g., by Barry O'Fallon-Fleeta
Time, 1:09.
I Horse, age, weight. I St. [
1 1
Vi
11 Q"\ SECOND RACE— Five and a half furlong*; selling; three-year-olds and upward; conditions-
Xl&tJ. purse $300. ■ '
Index. I Horse, age, weight. I St. «A I *£ i *;'* I atr. I Fin. I Jockeys. j Betting.
j I ! I U P- • -1-
-1100 iKicardo, 5 112 4 6 1 6 4 1 11 C. Weber.... 5~ 5
(11X1) Silver S;ate. 6....110! 1 21 lh I '<. 22 Iriggott ".5-2 4
1164 Oregon Eclipse, a.112 110 B*2 » V's 3 1 3% Hennessy i 4 3
1143 La France, 3 95 6 5 1/. s>j 6 4 3 Johnson.. 20 "ii
1085 starling, 5 110 5 7Vj 8 8 5 2 L. L10yd.... '.. '. i 6 '"0
1169 Iruia.4 107 9 81 4 h 5 1/. 61 Shields 6 -7-2
1100 : University. 4 109 2 4y 3 7 7 71/. Fell 10 4
1 106 Bird. 5 lias 3 lh 21 2% BVa It- Smith 1" 30
1177 Hanford. 4 109 8 1 !10 \ 9 9 9£> man.. ."" ; 5 15
298 xooladain, 4 103 1 7| ........ 9 10 10 10 Burns 15 • 16
Jockeys.
1 BettiDK.
i Op. LI.
Starting-gate used. Won easily. Winner, S. F. Capp's eh. g., by Vildidle-Blue Bonnet. Time,
1 lOii-Ji.
|j(i/' '1 1IIKD KACt- Five Jurlougs; selling; two-year-olds; penalties; allowances; i-uise -f;i5U.
Index, j Horse, weight. j St. [ Vi { % I % J str. I Fin. j Jockeys. ll o ßeulue .-.
1150 Dura 110 4j j2 3 11 11 In snider. " ~^i v. 5
(1174-1 The Koman 113 1 5 51 62 2K, 2 2 Coadv.. '4 5
(Ile8) Scarborough 113 1 1 3h" 3h 3i" 33 Martin.. 4 7."
1182 Howard M 106 3 lh 2h 4 2 4% HmtMny. ..'.'." 4 6-5
1182 Quantrvll 101 6! 71 62 62 6 m Peoples " 75 300
110'J Lady Hurst 98 ; 8; 8 8 7 2 616 Kowan ' SO 100
1174 I Horatio 101 2! 0% 4 l/" 61 72 Piggott... 8 20
1182 |Tne Plunger...... 100, 7| 41 72 8 8 I Beauchamp.. '..'. < 100 300
Starting-gate used. Won driving. Winner, Pueblo stable's eh. 1., by Racine-imp. Eerna. Time.
1:01 14. " . 1
ine-imp. Uprna.
Time.
1 IQ7 FOURTH RACE— one and a sixteenth miles; selling; three-year-olds and up; conditions
ilvl. allowances; purse $350.
Index.! Iior«;e, age, weight. I St.! Std. ] 1,4 I% I % Str. Fin. j Jockeys. I Betting.
1100 Uncle Giles. 4.... 2 ,4n 0 1 Ch sVi' 42 113 i Peoples" "1~6 8
1185 Little Cripple, 5.. 11 1 'hi:, 5h 5h 3h 3 J/, 2h C.Weber... ."" ' 3 , 3
1169 I.FullertnLass,D..loo 516 1 4li :3h 4h 152* !3h I Coadv ..." 8 '-10
1168 Strathtlower, 6...109; B'B 8 8 61 01 4u Martin 5 4
1171 Tar and Tartar. 6.111 0 In 22 In 9Vi !'i«. 52 !lSozemau.'. ..'""'" 8 x
1180 Warrago. 5 _100 4 5 1/2 1 Ms' 2 2 !li> In" 6 0 j HlgßOtl ... 3 7-5
1185 , Seaside. 6 107 771. 71 71 8 7 74 Snider. '...'..'. 8 15
1100 San Luis Key. 5.102; 3 2 h 3Vj|4h 71 8 8 Johnson.. *10 '/;/; ao
Starting-gate used. Won easily. Winner, Nevada stable's eh. h., by El Bio Kej'-llettle Hnmphrev
Time, 1:49%. • " ■> r *•
1 1 9ft FIFTH RACE— Onj mile; handicap; three-year-olds and upward; purse $400.
index, j Uors*, age. weight, j Bt. 14 j y2y 2 - j % j str. j Fin. I Jockeys. LL B * tllnS M
' • I ''P- ci.
1184 St. Lee, 3 100 3 41 Tl 3 I I*6 1 ~3~ i Johnson... 7. 62 7-2
1159 Yankee Doodle, 3.102 1 3 2 3 2 4% 4 2 2 2 Piggott . 3 9 5
(116-4) Peter 11. 4 90 5 5 5 ft 5 32 Butler.!.' .'"' 8 5
945 I Flashlight, 4 85 ;2 I 2 2 2 3 [ 2 1/2 3 1 4h Frawlev 12 10
(ll3l))Bellicoso. 4 110 4 1 In liv |1% a 1/2 & 'Snider.. 6-5 *•'-: 2
Starting-gate UeO. Won easily. Winner, S. C. HUdretU's b. c, by Imp. Bt. George-Levee. Time,
11 QQ SIXTH RACE— s-x lurlongs: selling; three-year-olds and upward; penalties; purse $300.
Index, norse, age, weight. St. 1/4 i/a | % Str. Fin. Jockey. Op.*' 1 ""th.
(1122) ! Commission. 5.. ..11 l C 5 1 41 A 11/- is/, Pigeott. ' ~\~i 712
(1173) Sea Spray. 4 109 3 3% 53" 3V, 2 3 Snider...".".'.*.: 44 4-6
1193 .Crawford, 6 11l 4 42 lb 21 82 M. Bergen... i2O ' * 40
1183 .Model. 4 107 f. 21 2V, 42 4 'J Uozeman ...\ 8 9-2
1163 Howard; 6 11l 1 11l 31 62 65 Howard... 10 6
1189 Jeromes, a.. Hi 3 6 6 C 0 I C. Weber. |10 26
Starting-gate used. Won handily. Winner, White i Clark's b. g., by imp. Saxon -Louise T.
Time, 1:15 V*. r: : r
Fin. j
Jockey.
I Betting.
I Op. Cl.
1 SKVKN'I H Hack— One and one-sixteenth miles; selling; ihree-year-olds and upward- con-
IZi\J\J. dltlons: allowances; purse $350.
index.! Horse, age, weight, i St. | Sttl. %I % S A Str. Fin. I Jockeys. ,-» Bettln £-
I Up. Cl
1183 Belle Boyd. 3 87 111 12 IS 12 1111 Butler. ~3~ ll.fl
(1163) Instigator, 3 106 2 2 2 h i! h X it. 2% 2h Coadv I 4 7-"
1192 Rebellion, 3 97 4 8 31 3h 2 ti~ 3 1 31 Martin".*.'.".'.".!'.'.*."." I 2 5-2
1163 Mirambo. 3 102 1 3 6 6 1 7 61 65 4h Snider.... ... 12 ; .*lfi
(1185) Long Lady, 3 96 6 4 52 61 6 2 6 2 62 ' Piggott..:. "".' \ 'i 13-R
1141 Xephew,s 112 7 7 7 61 41 4% 620 Shields 112 15
1185 Alvero, 3 93 C 6 4%4 % 7 7 ,7 Johnson j 8 10
• starting-gate used. Won driving. Winner, J. P. Atkins' eh. f., by, El Rio Key-Sylvia. Time, 1:4914.
Str.
Fin. I
Jockeys.
I Betting.
I Op. Cl
1 Ofti EIGHTH RACE— Five and ahulf furlongs; selling: three-year-olds and upward; conditions-
I ZUI . purse «300.
Index, j Horae, age, weight. St.! y* |%j %. I Str. Fin. Jockeys. o *f v
1142 ißninart. 3 108; 8 4h I2h 2y a 11 Shields 4^5
iNell Flaherty, a.. 110; 5 1y 8 j 12 la 2h Hchrough 30
1161 Tim Murphy, a.. .110| 4 | (!f | 42 3 1 3us L. Lloyd 8
1071 'Last (hacce, 5...112 II 2V4 | »h 42 4» Martin 10
1146 Oold Bug, a 112 »\ 6y 2 I 7 1 5 1 5 2 T.Williams 20
1169 1 Banjo, 5 112 6 7 6y 2 62 0h C Weber. 10
1178 ;Oov. Budd, 8 97-7 8 8 8 710 Piggott 10
! Perhaps, 3 97 2| 3 */fe 6y 3 71 8 IJohnsoa 6
Betting.
Op. CL
ling.
tl.
8-5
60
6
16
10
15
20
6
burning-gate used.
Won handily.
Winner, G, Rose br. c, by 8u Carlo-Queen Alt*. Time, 1 :0fl
preme Court. These are all estimates, but
they are about as close to the truth as it is
possible to come.
This figurine would make $4200 the trial
expenses and $11,428 as salaries. This,
with $500 allowed for Police Court and
preliminary expenses, brings the total to
$10,128. As estimated yesterday by Mr.
Barnes the following is the schedule of
expenses.
DL'BBAKT CASE FROM JULY 22, 1895 TO NOVF.M
BKR 1, 189&, OB THRKK MONTHS.
Jiulee Murpby'fi salary, $838 per month... $ 999
District Attorney's salary. $416 per mouth. I".'s*
Assistant District Attorney's salary, $250
per month 750
Courtroom clerk's salary. $175 per month. 625
Assistant courtroom clerk's salary at $75
per month - 225
Six bailiffs' salary at $ 160 each per mouth. 2700
Shorthand reporter, per dlems and tran
scribing, about 2500
Captain Lees' salary at $1 50 per month ... 450
.Detective Seymour's salary ut $125 per
month 375
Detective Bohen's salary, 8125 per month. 375
Detective Cody's salary, $125 per mouth.. K7B
Ton oOlcers' salary, $100 each per mouth .. 3000
F.xpert (handwriting) 250
Expert (Professor Price) 100
Kxpert (Drs. Mays and Kosenstirn), $25... 50
Foreign witnesses' fees, about 500
Exhibits, say 'JOO
Transcript on appeal 1100
Police Court, say 500
Total ?ItU2B
It is not possible that Durrant can be
executed, should his sentence be affirmed,
before next December. His case will come
before the Supreme Court in July at the
earliest. The Judges have ninety days to
decide it, and then the remittur must wait
thirty days anyway, if time is demanded
for a rehearing. This will bring the case
again before the Superior Court in the end
of October or the beginning* of November,
and then the court cannot set the date of
execution any less than sixty days from
the date of sentence. This will bring the
date at the earliest possible, in the end of
December. This is of course if no delays
are met with, but at ©very stage of the
case chances appear for continuances and
motions and arguments, so December
really represents only the theoretical time.
Tbe year 1397 will be well started before
the execution takes place, and if a new
trial be granted the end is not in sight at
all.
A REMARKABLE CROWING HEN.
Attends Strictly to Business, Kven if
She Does Imitate tbe Kooster.
Crowing hens may come to bad ends
eveutually, just as whistling girls are sup
| posed to do, but a London Field corre
spondent gives some facts on the subject
that seem to disprove the peculiar notion.
', The correspondent had three pullets in
lsH3 which began to lay eggs in Novem
ber. During the year ending on October
! 31, I**4, the three had laid ssO eggs in
j spite of the fart that one of them was a
crowing: hen. The next year 510 e^gs con
stituted the record. Not even severe
weather could stop them from laying.
The poultry man thought that he would
raise some chic-kens from the three hens
j and put a rooster iuto their yard.
"We now have a ridiculous concert," the
I br°eder writes. '"The cock leads off in his
: full voice, and the hen follows with a shrill
I falsetto, with variations much out of tune.
I Still she lays, and on two days last week
! the three laid six eges each day. I hope
i to set the fanciers at poultry shows to give
I prizes to crowing hens in the near future."
Various sportsmen's papers tell of drum
j ming hen partridges (ruffed grouse), horned
| does, and other male characteristics in
I various individuals of Mother" Nature's
• daughters. Some or the naturalists are
j wondering if the new women have not in
j fected their imitative sisters in the lesser
j world with their own progressive spirit.
TIIE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY 17, 1896.
FAVORITES SNOWED IN
Of Eight First Choices One Only
Reached the Wire in
Front.
DURA RAN A SMART RACE.
Ricardo Fcoled the Talent — Uncle
Giles Downed Little Cripple
Very Handily.
Bookmaker George Rose's brown colt
Ruinart, who captured the last race on tbe
card at the Bay District yesterday, start
ing an odds on choice, saved the favorites
from absolute defeat. In all of the other
seven events run the first choices failed
and the members of the pencilers' brigade
laying odds in the ring went home very
fat in purse and pocket. Many of the
winners were quoted at odds termed
juicy in turf circles, but none were backed
very extensively. The crowd was the
largest of the week and the more enthusi
astic would call the bettinjr fierce.
The weather was delightful for racing
purposes, but the track was hardly keyed
up to concert pitch, being a trifle slower
than on former occasions, when polished
up for record-breaking purposes.
Undoubtedly the best performance of tbe
day was that of Dura, a speedy chestnut
daughter of Racine from the imported
mare Berna. Picking up 110 pounds she
started a 2}Z to 1 second choice for the five
furlong dash for two-year-olds, and in a
drive beat The Roman" out a head in the
fast time of l:0P 4 . Howard S, who was
backed down from fours to 7 to 5 favorit
ism, ran well until straightened away in
the 6tietch, when he stopped as though
struck with a brick, finishing outside of the
money.
There was some great switching about
done during the betting on the mile handi
cap with a field of five starters. With top
weight up, llt> pounds, the books chaiked
Beliicoso up a 7 to 5 choice, but he went
begging and 2 to 1 was obtainable
as he went to tbe post. The
big plunge was made on Yankee
Doodle, who was sent out a yto 5 choice
backed down from threes. The third
choice, St. Le««. was destined to be the sur
prise. With Flashlight at his head, Belli
coso cut out trie running to the stretch.
Gradually Yankee Doodle slipped to the
front and appeared to have the game won,
but in the final sixteenth was easily out
footed by St. Lee, who b*at him out two
lengths in 1:42.
Old Joe Cotton held sway in the betting
oa the opening five and* a half furlong
spin, with ten facing the flag, but ex
hibited a lamentable lack of speed, never
petting near the front. Martin Bergen
astride the 10 to 1 shot, O'Fleeta, brought
his mount up nearing the end and won
easily from Johnny Capron, another out
sider.
The race that followed was over the same
distance, with another field of ten facing
the issue. Tbe closing odds showed Ore
con Eclipse at 3, a slight choice over Sil
ver State. Overlooked at Gto 1, Ricardo
passed Silver State ana Red Bird the last
furlong, passing the wire a handy winner,
with Silver State in tbe place and the fa
vorite third. •
A mile and a sixteenth run that was
fourth on the prograuirue proved a rare
betting proposition, all of the starters re
ceiving more or less nupport. When the
horses were called out 3 to 1 was laid
against both Little Cripple and Warrano,
with Strathflower next in demand. As
the stretch was reached, at whicn point
Warrago, Tar and Tartar and San Luis
P.ey were heading the van, the result was
still in doubt.
Weber, on Little Cripple, made a short
turn into the stretch and was soon in
front, but hardly had he made his first
point when Uncle Giles made a fine spurt,
and passing Cripple easily, beat him out I
at the wire by two lengths in 1^0 1 ... The
winner wentto tbe post at odds ol V to 1.
Phil Siebenthaler's Sea Spray was heav
ily played to win the six-furlong run that
followed, but slovenly ridden by Snider,
was beaten out three parts of a length by
White <fc Clarke's Commission, the 3^ to
1 seoond choice in the ring.
Another mile and a sixteenth run fol- j
lowed this sprinting affair. Once more
was Rebellion made a favorite, being sent
into the starter's hands a 2 to 1 choice,
with Long Lady and Instigator the next
most fancied. "When the barrier was
raised Tommy Butleron the 5 to 1 chance,
Belle Boyd, went out in the lead and made j
a runaway race of it, winning ridden out a
length before Instigator, w.,0 had been
running in second position. The favorite
was third, but a head further away.
The last event of the day, a five and a
half furlong sprint, was a cakewalk for the
1 to 2 favorite Ruinart, who got away last
of his field and won in a common cantor.
The 50 to 1 chance Nell Flaherty lasted
long enoueh to beat Tim Murphy a head
for the place.
TRACK AND PADDOCK ITEMS.
Ten bookmakers cut in yesterday.
Galen Brown, who handled the horses
of A. B. Spreckels with such marked suc
cess, leaves to-night for St. Louis. Galen's
cract racer. Libertine, is already on the
other side of the Rockies, but will not be
started until his arrival there.
Johnny Capron, who finished second in
the opening race, was at one time as good
as 100 to 1 in the betting. He was quite
! extensively backed for the place and show.
Young Coady must have been suffering
from that "tired feeling" yesterday. His
ride on the (J to 5 choie'e, Joe Cotton,
would not indicate that ho was in any
great hurry to get back to the wire. Old
Joe must certainly be on tbe retrograde
when he cannot get a chalk-mark among
such a field of "dogs."
Comedian Ferris Hartman looked sad
\ last evening and found it hard to raise a
smile. His filly Una Que Amo was a well
played starter in the opening scramble,
and her friends say that witn a better start
there would have been nothing to it.
There was a very hot tip out on Flash
light to win the mile handicap, and a wild
scramble was made to get aboard when 20
to 1 was marked up. He ran shod with
bar plates, and looked to have a chance to
the stretch, when the field ran over the
top of him. He is many pounds irom h'.s
three-year-old form.
Snicter suffered from a lapse of conscious
ness during his tour astride Sea Spray, the
favorite for the sixth race. When he was
finally revived Commission was in front of
him and his mount was beaten out driving.
JEFF DAVIS.
The «.:«-. it Confederate as Seen by a
Member of Ills Cabinet.
In private life and in the family and
social circle Jefferson Davis was one of the
most pleasant and genial men I ever knew.
As gentle and tender as a woman, he pos
sessed an enlarged knowledge of the sci
ences, which always made him instructive.
His state papers were characterized by
erudition. In his official capacity h9 was
guided by a strong sense of duty and he
had little toleration for that class of men
who were much given to talk, but who had
little real information to communicate.
It is likely that such is the class who
assumed that he was harsh and self-willed.
When a question came up tor considera
tion it was his habit to exhaust all avail
able sources of information, whether from
persons or from documents, and when this
had been done and a decision reached,
that was an end of the question with him.
There are some things illustrative of
the character of Mr. Davis not generally
NEW TO-DAT-DRT GOODS. ____^ ~-~^~-^
KKHKKKKH><><H><><>o<><>Oo-CK^
FANCY DRESS GOODS! |->«>-><>«-«-^ BLACK DRESS GOODS. ?
« To-morrow will be a gala day i I HliKci Hlill BAKu AIMS' I To-morrow we will place on ?
CENTS a yard will buy from us j 2 11IJLIJJ 1 VII JL/11 JLI \A 111 11 U ■ g BARGAIN inVncv Wack mate- X
almost a hundred styles of dif- £ * ?lil5 f comSrteing Plain and 9
.SI 11 r teriil !! "Vh 1 " *^ d I g Broad Wale Serges, Mohair and O
nnvTitv p ° r a M»n«« m th S im <> "When I want to get something good as a bargain I 6 I BrilliantineNovelties.Fancyßro- A
hSInIvVVSIZ !o u£id h e e o"f:S always go to The Maze" is an everyday expression. You can i\?*""*t£W£&%Ul£i' 6
a7scorsiiine. If you haven't % hear it on all sides. That statement from a woman's lips %!Ky 0 ? these «oods were $150 X
nought your summer costume 6 carries more conviction with it than newspaper advertise- $ a yard We won't miss getting V
to ct C fir, r lU ! ie Wa^ fr0 T. 25C I S ments piled mountains high. It shows the estimation in g j over adollar's worth on a yard O
io sue a yard saving to you in i i_- i_ tr «. . . *l »j • . • ... x «» «,„ n f f h»m /k
buying it from us now. 6 which an establishment is held, the confidence placed in its 9| of any of them. o
o business methods. It's what we have been striving for since 6 Q
I  !n m it j 5 our doors opened. By our just and upright principles, by our $ A
LtKIIGS SailOr HaiS. 8 courteous and unflagging attention, by our RIGHT GOODS JL «..,,„ X
r: k " V 1 .. Wi MS . ?AT PROPER PRICES, we have won public favor. By our ? LaCIIGS LlSle IIOSC. 9
Sry^lSSSS^^JJffi; ? veritable BARGAINS we are bringing them here. | "he Ltimpermi Lisle, dyed in 9
way of doiner it than by eivin 01 v unfadaDle black by the renowned O
the public a BARGAIN.' & <KKH)<>O <XX>o^o<><><>o<><XKKKX><KM>o<>o^ Louis llernisdorf of Chemnitz, I
Germany. High spliced heels, V
25 CtS. 50 CtS. 75 CtS. Silk aud Satin flonM Children^ Jackets. double soles arid toes. Tbe regu- A
_ v JO mik iiuu fcatiii tapes. tmiurens JacKcts. i ar sockmd, to besow tomor. v
SSHs* iwqW"^ SSS'n! l^i^^SisaiSiSMi SKI _ 0
each T white^ black andJavvblae Satins hned with silk, elaborately ones, we want to call particular atten- 0
v«n«r^i Fit i u y * trimmed with laces and jets; no two tion to a line of Reefers made ud of n» i n til • I X
lal°a^ain g aVrnuch eWheref or al ik , e; all ornamented at the nec £ S Cloths in^shades of T?n Remand Fiiiiired Alpaca Skirts. <>
nan again as much. lth a ruC e of net and open-work Navy Blue in the popular six-button * *5 Ui VU . l m VUJ ' JIU to. A
ribbons, finished bow and streamers. shield-front shape. They come in sizes Not the skimpy kind that spans V
£il * . f . They are very desirable for those 4t014 in each color, and would be the form like a pair of knicker- A
1 iPAlintrn l*nriflre wanting a hght-wejpht garment— one cheap at s2 50 apiece. To-morrow they bockers. but large, roomy, wide T
VIUVJJtUI U \XUI lUI ii. of our greatest bargains for $5 apiece. will be one of our bargains, at $1 50. " ones, made of brilliantly figured Q
The favorite round <hape, with Novelty Silks in Pompadour Alpaca, and falline in graceful i
lancy metal clasps and buckles, Persian and Dresden De- Beautiful colorings, novelty designs pleats all around; ]«st the Kind V
made of pretty shirred silk elas- signs, 04 inches wide, guar- and combinations of figures and stripes that always sells for $0. as they Q
tic in difierent colors. Were 75c anteed all pure Silk and KA/» on light, medium and dark colored are lined with rustle percaline. T
and $1 a pair. Now one of our worth all of 75c a yard.... OUC grounds that are seen only in fine A BARGAIN with us at $3 do . O
BARGAINS at 25c. - . " \ qualities. apiece. A
Our immense success with M 4 r?v-*"£* V
■r.j ril ' fancy Silk at this price is The assortment includes all the new „..._-, A
Kl(i (llftYfW beyond all expectations. We Dresdens, Floral designs, Persian fig- ! Vlirt L i|]|||i. !)|;V X
IUU \JUUIC>>. have filled up the gap with ures and Shadow and Glace effects in ! tjliilt riUilllUllglSi 6
Heavy grade kid, -pique, stitch- ! ome Terv , O c - ho ? c thlDgs ,S1 00 an en <*less variety of color combina- j Lovely floral designs, cmbroid- JL
ings, three-row embroidered from our $1 ~> line V I(V/U tions. red in natural colors on a sheer V
backs, two large metal clasps, Pat {'11 in aim iit . -, 1 • heni-s'.itched lawn 45 inches wide. A
colors tans, browns and ox blood Itl IUUIII ICS. lia^ll r;ihri!'< The kind that is used for summer V
reds, a perfect fac-simile of the This class of goods always sold as a »»MU 1 uwi ivoi dress skirts and infants' robes, Q
popular MONARCH glove that BARGAIN at our department, but The bright, sunny days bring this and always cost $1 and $1 50 a V
sells at $1 50 a pair. One of our to-morrow they will be special bargains. class of material into great prominence. yard. One of our BARGAINS V
great BARGAINS at 75c LA BELLE EXTRACTS— Such odors as Have you thought of your "going to-morrow at 50c a yard. 1
violet, jockey club, crab apple, wild away" costume? A splendid collec- * A
' olive, franeipani, musk and all the tion'of the regular 12V<c kinds will be V
... other 3, will be 15c an ounce. on sale to-morrow. Among them are A
WlL' IW/'Oila VlmMv ROGER & GALLET'S EXTRACTS— In Variegated Moires. Colored Figured «., llf  V
YJllh. DlUlllll" fthllld* their famous Peau d'Espagne and India Linons, Figured Masolias in \\'\ I |iKllf'<? O
The »™«nf »nn i n m » l'lris Blanr. will be 59c per ounce. white and tinted grounds, light and lU^ UlUailL/0. T
The Z. « i on wonld hi .X rt CROWN COMPANY'S EXTRACTS- dark ground ChaUies in new designs. ! For Misses and Children all Q
S>Oto*>>? »r,i PC fl f,?^ -Hownfnwn Such as their favorite matsukita and and a fine assortment of double-fold the sizes to fit any age. Made of A
¥ Meeailt Rr^-adpd Siiv , a«S - StS.' crab a P ple besoms, will be 59c an washable Scotch Plaids in the most good white cotton elastic with V
Lucl^sse in ?laW floral and hon ounce - . CT correct color combinations. They will j double straps. Sold with us at <S
?uet ile'?«rn« They are cut f nTl PINAUDS EXTRACTS in new - mown be a particular BARGAIN at 10c a 14c. a pair. One of to-morrow's V
six yards wfde apron front and ha >'- eSSen bouquet, stepfaanotis and yard. - BARGAINS at sc. 6
bix yards wide, apron front and several others will be 45c an ounce. * X
r rpling ail around; lined LAUTIER'S EXTRACTS — Jockey club, NEW SHIRRED CREPONS, not . Q
throughout with rustle percaline hu rose and Evangeline will be crinkled seersuckers, but the popular X
and finished with velveteen bind- 4 5c an ounce. French style PUSSES, in dark «■ -i, n  V
J?l^wE£iLttf! 1 ? AR " THE FAMOUS "LA CIGALE" EX- grounds, printed in handsome Dresden CllClllllC POl'tlCrCS. 6
GAINS at $12 and apiece. TRACT is and always will be 50c an and Persian designs in exquisite ! VUUIIIIIj lVlUVll;Oi V
ounce. " colors. Used to be 20c a yard. A About fifty pairs of very select Q
-. 1 _... 1 Bring your bottles and have them filled. ■ BARGAIN at 12^c. Draperies, heavy quality, with . I
111'ACnAII l:i Uinllv v. 0 " - ,:;v thick \p.lance fringe. Were good VJ
i'llMltill IUUHIUIhV ======= : -—————-————-——-- value at ?2 25 a pair, but will be A
All the bright delicate colorings • i n to-morrow's BARGAIN list at V
so popular for trimmings of all Our Spring and Summer Catalogue is to the order purchaser like ?i <o. Q
kinds, mostly four and a half a dictionary to a student. You may at times not feel certain of what X
inches wide, in charming floral you're doing ; consult it; you'll get it right every time. If you haven't ifT n '1,. 1I«,1« C< 'l~ V
designs. One of our BARGAINS one, send us your name and address. We send them FREE OF CHARGE, i l(M0]>i!lil;(l6 MlllS. 0
lit 1 'C £1 Y ill 1 .
ZZZZHmiIZZIZZZZZZZZZirr^ni^I^ZIIZZZ This is 8 special pride with us. O
BIn»i/i«.I- .«/.«.«»...? !,'„.„„ * We take as much pains with our X
Housekeepers Linens. .^* BiM!ii!-th8 iM! i i ! - th^ > i nMwith 9
1 ji^yr jif^ j^\ j4&& silk. Everything that leaves our A
Two items worthy of spending JEJ^. P^&rfsJr L^ £*** department must be a perfect fit, V
your whole morning to get — rilw C/ A kJ[a*~^^ f^ - / s~*\ entirely satisfactory, all you could Q
02-inch Silver Bleached Table [ I \.f~S{Ldi f^Mr/^f ~t^T% I^S T 1 ~fHl/^f/^ ~T~^f mO i reasonably expect, or- the return V
Damask, extra heavy quality, in IH\ \Sm A IjIM B jL /£ £j£ L I Jr^i M I & J °' - vnur nlon '"y await? you. At O
eiiiht different patterns, worth V M^^/ffl m^JLJ B S m^ am nftr 41 r*i it Bii r M £ !&& & $1250 apiece we show some ex- X
90cayard. A BARGAIN at 09c. <X S V J^r iJ&WrveAJmW&f&irW^JSk^Wvrmk &.'§#'• ceptional BARGAINS in silk-
Fringed Huck Towels, -11 by 20 JS JS^' w^ -^ ■"■% ' *$S^ fßfai. .je lined Blazer and Box Coats, with A
inches, colored unmask borders, J&S& Or 7") . <£ C\ \S \^f[ ■ JB^^W wide flaring skirts. iSeries, Chev- V
never sold under $3 a dozen. A 4&£r V t*T}f)TDJls Qr A li{7 VfLrA f*^ 0/^ %B»^ iut.< and other fancy materials. O
special BARGAIN at 21c each. A £\WJT v Vf fV I «Vv%V • I See them and be convinced. X
<KKKKK>-o<H><><>O-o<K><K>^^
known to the public. When Generrl
Grant was moving liis army down the
Mississippi below Vicksburc, Mr. Davis
was notified that his Briarfield plantation
and large property would fall into Federal
hands and was advised to send and have
the movable property moved out of
danger. To this hereplied that the Presi
dent of the Confederacy could not afford
to empioy men to take care of his private
property. When he was advised that the
Federal army was moving on Jackson,
Miss., and that his home in Hinds County
and Ins valuable library would fall into
Federal hands, he made the same reply.
As a consequence, he lost all his property
at both places, including his negroes. I
know he took this position, as I was pres
ent at both conversations, and his true
position in this matter has never been in
print.— Recollections of John H. Reagan.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
PALACE HOTEL.
.7 W Oliver, Rochester L B Hamlin *w. Elgin
J H (iiadings, Minn X Tompkina, N V
3t"II ay ward, Boston A M .Straight <& iv, Me
Miss Craig, N V .1 Marks, Ariz
Miss U Nelson, NY OB Parks <& w.Westfleld
Ada Kenan, NY J C Hancock, Pa
Augustiu Daly. NY X A C Hancock, Pa
E i < Anhalt, NY Mrs M Calahan. Pa
M 8 Porter, Stanford Miss s 11 Brewsier, Mass
G B Llbby. N V Miss J Mix, Albany
<) P Curran Jr <fe w. Pa Miss Klmberley, X V
W Garland, Los Ang G V Himonds, Mass
C A I>antz<& w. Mass A E Drake, H V
A Meyer, Guatemala L C Woods, San Jose
L L Mills «t \v. Cat I' Chase, Urbanu
0 Louderbnck, Vrbaoa Miss Chase, Urbana
G H Daniels <fe w. NY Miss Tompklns, N V
Miss Daniels, N V Miss Hamlin, N V
A M lieKiner, Pa X Salmons, Paris
M iss M Wacn»r, D C Countess Wachlmeistpr,
HLWaKner, DO London
M j Daube, Chicago Gen Barillas, Guatemala
I' Prunl <fe w. Guatemala I L Barillas, Guatemala
Bruni. Guatemala Dr Rosal. Guatemala
S Souza «v w, Guatemala E Altsctml, lrankiort
Mrs irwin.Cal L t*\vin, San Salvador
Miss Invln, Cal X Churchill it w, is'apa
G Lynch. ban Dleao C H Wilson. Boston
X Scott &w. Pittßburg W Peyton, Santa Cruz
0 Heine, Stanford J N Boric, san Jose
COSMOPOLITAN HOTKL.
J O'Keil A wf, Wyoming J Boskovlch, Wyomlne
H L) J-letcher, Wyoming £ M Bailey, Eutene City
J Helton. Kei-o, or A D Johnson, Oregon
C shayock. Spokane Miss J Pelton, Oregon
W Kelly, Portla-irt S T Wooley, Oregon
I" Qulun, Neoga. 11l Mrs C Allen, Oregon
Mrs L Hicks, Hollister 11 Moore, Tacoma
F M Dorlaud, Helena H Shannon & wf.Portlnd
E Chevriet, Boston G Hammond, Chicago
Mrs McGearv, Portland R Rotschen, Portland
Mrs B Spencer, Portland B Taylor «fe wf, Portland
J A Kane, Portland P Carroll, Portland
H Butler & fm, Portland W Gray A fm. Portland
W R Cody, Portland H A Vila. Fresno
C Gallagher & wf. Texas Mrs W Reid, Texas
W Murtugroyd, soaule O Catherman, Deliver
Xlss X Lee, Los Angeles Mrs Linaky, Los Angeles
R Kt.'pnenson, Illinota I Brown *. wf, »an Jos«
'• Hornbrook, Indiana J Cook, Fresno
•' Franks, Fresno C Covert, Merced
J Naugbton. Oakland C Andrews, Oakland
H Albert, Kyde U W Jones, Ryde
R A Cunin. Stockton A Canepar, Kureka
J Karly.i.rizrJy Biult X Weeks. Pescadero
R Kngllsh A wf, cal W Winston, Pacific Grve
J H vVarner, Spokane H Moore, Tacoma
GRAND HOTEL.
W E F.lliott, Sacto Mrs Farrington, Naoa
C W stone, Tucson X A Kramer, st Louis
J W Scott. Los Ang V B Sellers, Eureka
\* Ludstrom, Shanghai W Middlecoff, Vlsalia
II (i Grant, San Jose O B Morrison, Arbuckle
X Stege, Stege I. McCracken, Pasadeua
A S Johnson. Los Ang A X Drake, New York
O i" Youth, Fresno T Alvords, Vacavlllo
M Goldstein, Chicago N A Kelley, Seattle
S Hirst, Vallelo A A Murray, Santa Crux
U Wllley, Santa Cmz MlssLarue. Honolulu
I- C Abies, Honolulu C H Wilklns, Chicago
J 0 Tell, Chicago O S Hull, Pa
J L West. Chicago Mrs Burchard, San Jose
P P Austin, san'Jose J W Bailey, Stanford
P Schwarz, New York E C McKean, Stanford
Mrs Lconklin, Brooklyn
NEW WKSTERN HOTEL.
C B Sutton, Vallejo June C E Bylordfcw, Pt Blakely
Jno Vallade.Half M Bay George| Keller, Seattle
S s Palmer&w.Marysv B L Fisher. Ala
J M Kllworth, Ala George Jackson, Ala
Charl-s U Dontrick. Ala John J Uuigley, Seattle
Mrs D M Hardy, st Paul G M Martin, Great Falls
S B Eikon, Great Falls S EdmondsAw. Los Anir
Ii X Washer. Kureka C Dr Bergelholt, Eureka C
SB Muliobarney. San J Mrs A MillerAchild, N V
X O Thornan, Texas Geo Povey, Pumoua Cal
wm He 11 well, New York.
A "chameleon flower" has been intro
duced into Europe from the Isthmus of
Tehuantepec. The blossoms of this newly
discovered plant are white in the morning,
changing to red at noon, and again to blue
in the evening.
BREWERS' ULTIMATUM.
Its Terms to the Brewery Work
men's Union and Trades'
Council.
The Agreement Has Been Signed by
Nearly Every Member of the
Association.
As stated in yesterday's Call the Brew
ers' Protective Association, after a Ion?
meeting Thursday afternoon, decided to re
fuse to recognize the demands of the Brew
ery Workmen's Union and the San Fran
cisco Trades Council. A committee from
the two organizations presented their de
mands, which were simply that the union
be recognized. In reply to the union and
council the association send 3 the follow
ing, which is practically an agreement be
tween the members of "the association and
which that body hope 3 the union will ac
cept :
San Francisco, May 15, 1896.
T> tnt Vnitcd Brewery Workmen's Union of the
Pacific Coast— Gentlemen: In reply to the oral
proposition submitted to the Brewers' Pro
tective Association at a regular meeting held
May 8, 189<i, by the secretary of your associa
tion and Messrs. McArthur and Tburman of
the San Francisco Labor Council, we present
the following proposition which the under
signed brewers, maltsters and commission
mftltsters agree to abide by from this date.
Permit us to say iirst that we have come to
this conclusion after careful consideration and
after studying the situation at our breweries
and nuiiUiou-i's. A careful canvass among
our employes has convinced us that they are
all satisfied with their positions, wages and
hours of labor and the treatment they receive
from the proprietors, and that a very large
majority 01 them do not favor being forced to
j join any workmen's union.
We therefore propose, if it is satisfactory to
you, to cotinue to pay all our employes wages
■ as follows:
I Employes at keg-washing. $15 per week
j Kmployi'sat kettle.: 17 per week
I Kmployes iv cellars 17 per week
; Employes In fenneut-roora 17per\veek
Kmployps as maltsters lTperweelc
Kmployes as coopers 18 per week
Employes as hoop-drivers 16 per week
Employe* as stabiemen 17 per week
Employes as apprentices 9 per wee*
Any extra compensation paid to first cellar
men, first kettlemen, first fermenting-room
men, first coopers, tirst washnouse men and
first stablemen, if employed as such, shall be
agreed undn by the employer and the employed.
Nine hours to constitution regular days'* work.
Six days a week's work. Wages to be *paid
every Saturday. All Sunday and holiday work
to be abolished, except when absolutely neces
sary, and when necessary to be paid for at one
fifty-fourth (1-54) of a week's wages for each
hour employed. Xo employe shall be required
to work on Sunday, holiday or overtime for
more than three hours at any one time, and
maltstors shall not be required to work after
11 a. m. on Sundnys. We agree to furnish beer
to all employes free of charge during working
hourf. 6
We further agree not to discharge any man
for advocating union principles or for joining
any workmen's union. Our rules against boy
cotting, however, will be strictly enforced, and
I any man usiug the boycott will be discharged
from our employ.
The wages herein named are $2 per week
more than the average wages paid in other
cities of the United States, and while from ten
to twelve hours is considered a day's work in
other parts of the United States, we will not
require more than nine hours.
Signed: Hayes Valley Brewery. Milwaukee
Brewery, Union Brewery, American Brewery,
California Brewery, Anchor Brewery. St. Louis
Bn'wery, Knterprise Brewery, National Brewery,
Jackson Brewery, Bavaria Brewery, Hlbernia
Brewery. Albany Brewery, Railroad Brewery,
Broadway Brewery. American Brewery of Berke
ley, Anchor Brewery of North Temesca'l, san Fran
cisco Stock Brewery, Washington Brewery, San
Kuiael Brewery of San Rafael. San Francisco
Breweries Limited. R. Mohb, Secretary.
Secretary Mohr of the association says
that while the new Columbia Brewery is
not on the list its proprietoit are willing
to sign it. The reason for not haying done
so 13 because this brewery is not yet in fall
operation. The secretary disclaims that
boor the association is antagonistic to j
organized labor, but says there is no in- j
tention of being dictated to by any body
of employes. He says that he has no fear
that a union fight against the association
will do any harm.
Upon the matter of the price of malt
the secretary says that the subject is of 1
little consideration. The difference in j
wages paid to maltsters in the breweries
and in the commission maithouses makes
but little difference in the price of malt
— not over one or two cents on 100 pounds.
» ♦ m :
The Feast of Pentecost.
Services of the feast of Pentecost will com- !
mence at tne Temple Einanu-El as 7:45 this )
evening, and will be continued on Monday j
morning at 10 o'clock. Rabbi Voorsanger will
preside over the services, which will be par
ticularly interesting.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
, Joaiah O. Low to B. B. Low, lot on S line of Pa
cltic street, 27:6 E of Laguna, X 60, S 122-.2V2,
NW to point, N 117:975; «?ift.
James Eariey to Annie K. Eariey, lot on SE cor
ner of Greenwich and Fill more streets, £ 82:6 by
S SO; gift.
A. B. McCreery to E. H. and Madeline M. Tor
pey, lot on S line of Golden Gate avenue, 100 E of
Lyon street, X 60 Dy 8 137:6: $3800.
H. and Theresa Keenan and It. I', and Jennie
Cranston to Liilie B. JLil lent lot on h line of
Masonic avenue, 125 8 of Haight street. S 25, X
126, H 12:6, W 12:6, X 12:6, W 112:6; $10.
Alfred Jacgi to Wilhelmlne Petrowsky, lot on N
line of O'Farrell street, 63 7:6 \V of Stelner, W 22
by N 82:6, Hamilton square: $ 10.
Hans and Christina Peterseu to Catherine M.
Barr, lot on N line of Twenty-second street, 30 W
of Noe, W 25 by M 101:1%; $10.
Clinton bbace to Eva Shane, lot on \V line of
Bryant street, 140 S of Tweuty-tifth, 8 47:6 by W
100: gift.
Lizzie A. Mario (nee O'Day) to Bridget O'Day,
lot on Kline of Twenty-fifth street, 50 X of Bryant,
E 25 by 8 90; $10.
John 11. and Annie E. Dickinson to Margaret J.
Gawthorne, lot on X line of Chattanooga street,
162:6 N of Twenty-third, 2? 32:6 by X 117:6; $10.
Jacob and Liv a Heyman to Samuel W. Hovston,
lot on N line of Twenty-third street, 325 W of
Douglass, W 25 by N 114; $10.
H. and E. M. Murphy, 'lhomas and Clara L.
Gorman to Blcbard O'Connor, lot on 8 line of
Filbert street, 137:6 &of Taylor, E23 by 137:6;
$10.
Bridget O'Day to Blanche and Jennie O'Day. lot
on N \V line of Clary street, 254:6 SW of Fifth, 5\V
25 by 80; $10. . v
•-■;• AI.AMFTA COCNTT.
L. H. Sly to Union Savings Bank, the E 20 foot
lot 5 and W 7 feet lot 6, block C, Broad way and
Telegraph-avenue park, being a resubdivislon of
blocks A to E, Weston Tract, Oakland Township;
$10.
Charles H. and Zua Starkweather to Alonzp L.
Todd, lot 45, Piedmont Tract, Oakland Township;
also lot 3, block A, lands In Oakland View Home
stead Association, except that portion taken for
widening Walsworth avenue, which is beginning
at N corner of lot 3, block A, Oakland View
Homestead Association, thence BE along lino
dividing lots 2 and 3 In said block A, 15.52, thence
S\V along a curve to the left radius 492.4, 51.98 to
line dividing lots 3 and 4 in said block E, thence
NW 3.66 to SE. line of Walsworth aye., thence
XX to beginning, Oakland ; $10.
Peter L. ssaunders to Harriet Sannders, lot on W
line of Park street 95 14y* N of Buena Vista
avenue, N 00:21/4. W 137:b»i, 8 60 E, 133:4% to
beginning, being lot 13, blocK 45 ilinturu 'iruct.
Alameda; gift. '
Mary E. T. Christensen to Annie J. L. Christen
son, lot on \V line of Sherman street, 190 S Santa
Clara avenue. 8 60 by w 150, being lots 17 and 18,
block 19, Mary A. Fitch Homestead, subject to a
mortgage for *2000, Alameda: gift.
J.M. McLeodto F. L. Sangmaster, lot |7, block
16. northern addition to Uvermore, quitclaim
deed JMurray Township: #5.
Charles Bredhoff to same, lot on W corner of
: SwVSS'J? I^ 1 and Livermore avenue, X w 60 by
SW 150, being lot 7. block 16, Northern addition
to Liyermore, Murray Township; $1250. uuuuloa
I( ,''Vvf,? MM 1 11l I a P le ll ' 1 to Clarissa F. Hamilton,
lot on S\V line of Hamilton place. 465.35 NWof
Oakland avenue, S\V SO, .N\V m, NX 75, SE 35.68
Oaklailri'lO. g P ° rtiOa ° f Hftmiltun Tr »«.
Michael and Mary Hannon (by Commissioner)
iini i'?i n f WiBS Mutnal boan Association, lot on X
by X IH$ 5 n iXEE tf .i s '! " °' Twenty^.ghth, S 60
a^s. lot rw MM c a E r-o?&: 8
-°? *° urth avenue, NW 75 by 8 W 26 being the
fib? feet of lot 1, block S, Clinton. East Oakland!
««A ma , nd * C. Horton to B. J. Smith/lot on N line
W 7?' W a^ n Sf' 76 Wof Bayo Vista avenue!
Oa Ja^To^ninfp? l^ £ :^ 8t * r *™™>
«^» tHel L* l:ld M »ryKUey to Joseph K. and Pnll
omena berpa, lot 34, map of property of villa
Bon.estead Association. Berkeley; $500. ° rvm *
John Qulgley to Trustees Masonic Widows' and
Orphans' Home of California, to conduct water
pipes and water line from "Spring 3" and also
from "-print; 2," map of subdivision Hill lands of
Rnncho Arroyode la Alameda., Washington Town
ship; .$-'1)00.
A. E. Mclioujrail to a. F. Schweer, lot 2, blocr
L, J. A. .Neiil's revised plan, towu of Pleasauton,
Murphy Township: $lUO.
Ride j. I
A »■ I
Monarch I
AYD KEEP H FROH! I
Monarch Cycle Mfg. Co., I
I 3 AND 5 FRONT ST., fa
I SAN FRANCISCO. M
I CHAS. BROWN & SON, 807 Market n
Street, Agent.
I C. F. SALOMONSON & CO., Twelfth I I
I and Franklin, Oakland, Agent. 1
The PIERCE SPECIAL is
everything that the most exact-
ing rider requires. EASY-
RUNNING and STYLISH, but
above all—
RELIABLE ■ ■ ■_ • Price $100
The PIERCE at $75
Has every essential of style,
quality and finish, found only
in machines of the best type.
HOLBROOK, MERRILL & STETSOJ,
PACIFIC GOAST AGENTS,
Market & Bealo Sts., 333 J Street,
SAN FKAN CISCO. SACRAMENTO.
Alt. LATHE^omO^^^^FDR_TWO_YEARS,
A.L.BANCRQFT&CO.324- POST.ST.SJvi MAY MAY 17.189(
AMUSEMENTS.
own Ihkatkr.— 'The Strange Adventures
ot T'ii-8 Brown."
Califobnia Theates— I*rimros9 and West's
Miistrels.
Colcmbia 1 iiVATUR- "Faust."
Mokosco's Opksa-Hoim;- -The Cross Roads of
Life ■-"•;. ■■■<■
3iyo£i OPEHA-Horsr.- "Fra Mlavolo'
OitrnKi-M— nigh-ClMs Vaudeville.
Native sons' Hai.i,— Son* Keoitai, Tuesday
Evening. May 10. :
Cyclers' SocrAl, C'Lt^B, corner Ninth avenue
and li street— Kint Leap-year Bloomer Ball, Sut-
iir ay Evening, May -j;s.
.Vkmsiu-i.h • i atkh iOa nd)- Primrose
and \\ i-si Minstrels, to-morrow night.
-riK.i t ■(im.v Island— Bathing and Perform-
ances.
( vntbai. Park.— Bicycle Races.
Ki.air Park (< -Balloon Ascension
and Parachute Jump, Suuaaj-, May 17.
Mi chit inn CHUTES— DuIIy a- Ha:ght street, one
Hock east of the Park.
f-oi.MN Oatk PAKK-Golden Gate Park Band.
Bay District Track— Races to-morrow.
PICNICS AND EXCURSIONS.
Ho: For the Sant"a Cnr7. stains.- The
First Anniversary i xnrsion and Family Picnic
of the I nion Printers' Mutual Aid Society will b.
bed on Thursday, .May 21, at «*len\vood Pane.
KXCUBSIOM to Russian P.ivek— This day.
El am ro— Music, Dancing, Boating, Fishing,
every Sunday.
AUCTION <ALhS.
By F. T. KKEi.ER-Monday, May 18, Rare
Oriental Curios at 419 Kearny street, lit 2 i: m.
By H. J. Lkftholtz- Monday, May 18, Car-
per. An Goods, etc., at ',81 Market si., at 11
o'clock.
By Eabtos A M.miipoe.— May 19.
Real Estate, at 638 Market street, at 12 o'clock.
By O'Farrell <£ Pol— Monday. May 25, Heal
Estate, at 11 Montgomery st,, at 7:30 p. m.
By Sn*)NWAiB, Bpciuaci <t Co Wednesday,
May '27, Real Estate, at salesroom, 218 Mont-
ft Bar:- street, at 12 o'clock.
CITY NEWS IN BRIEF.
Tbis evening will usher in the Jewish Feast
of Weeks.
The Painters' Tnion will hold its picnic at
Sunset Park to-day.
Frank Mc^eesey is suing W. 08. McDonough
for #720, wage* due him.
The G. A. R. has nearly completed prepara
:or the observance of Memorial day.
V L. I. No. 2 give a rose party in Social Hall,
Alcazar buiMjcg, Tuesday evening, May 20.
<'ount>:>> Waehtmeister, the noted theosoph
• turer, arrived here yesterday from Hon
dulu.
Woo Chug, convicted of robbery, was sen
tenced to twenty years in Folsom prison vee
terday.
Mrs. Sarah Ann Wise, the wife of Collector
Wise, died last night after an illness of more
than two years.
The Epworth League has made the incipient
movement for a State convention to be held in
this City next fall.
Marie has begun suit against the
■ r for, Jr. 5.000 damages, alleging he per
formed an autopsy illegally.
The Brewers' Protective Association has is
sued its ultimatum to the Brewery Workmen's
Union aud the Trades Council.
eta. Ricardo, Dura, Uncle Giles, St. Lee,
mission. Belle Boyd and Reinart won
races at the Bay Pistrict yesterday.
The weather predictions for to-day are:
Cloudy, perhaps :og; northwesterly "winds,
increa-ing in force in the sfternoon.
T. J. L. Smiley and John M. Reynolds ad
: the Mission Detense Club 'last night
citlon to the adoption of the new char-
- Andrew's Society celebrated the dar set
- to the memory of its patron saint at El
Campo yesterday with a varied programme of
The n<"th annual picnic of the wholesale
merchants ■ as held yesterday at Mies Canyon.
About 1500 people attended and it was a grand
success.
The girls of the Franklin Grammar School
who •idv cooking as a part of their educa
tion have shown the school officials how well
thej- • an cook.
Mrs. Sophiu Swanson attempted to commit
sucide by drowning herself at Bay View yes
terday, but was rescued by a man who wit
nessed the deed.
Ben Harris, the messenger-boy who fell down
the elevator shaft in the Ottington House, 310
Stockton street, died at the Receiving Hospital
yesterday morning.
The battle-ship Oregon arrived from Santa
Barbara yesterday. She was decorated with
bunting and her reception on the bay was be
fitting the fastest battle-ship on the seas.
James Riley, 629 Howard street, quarreled
with an unknown young man in a saloon on
Third and silver streets early yesterday morn
ing and whs stabbed three times.
John G. Woolley wllJ deliver two lectures on
Christian Citizenship at Metropolitan Temjiie
on Monday and Tuesday evenings of this
week, tickets of admission to which will be 25
cents.
Peter Clerc, a iaborer. disappeared from his
home, 15 Pixley place, last Tuesday. He left
I've young children destitute and* starving,
and they were taken in hand by the Humane
f-ociety.
Frederick Holmes has filed a petition in in
'oivency. He owes $14,416 94 and his assets
p.re included in his office lurniture valued at
$5 Jkilines is a ship-broker, doing business
ntso6 Battery street.
At the session of the Transcontinental Pas
senger Association yesterday, action was taken
that will reduce the fare to .St. Paul from this
City by ,«2 90. Convention rates will be finally
acted upon to-morrow.
Judce Belcher has refused to set the charges
of embezzlement against John W. Flood for
trial. He says the mnn is in prison already
aud any sentence which might be passed upon
a conviction would run concurrently with the
la serving. Carroll Cook's motion to
set the case for trial was therefore denied.
TO HONOR THE DEAD.
Grand Army Veterans Are Making Ex
tensive Preparations.
The executive committee of the G. A. R.
held its seventh meeting last nijrht to
complete the arrangements for the ob
servance of Memorial day and memorial
Sunday.
The chair was occupied by W. H.Wharff,
in the absence of Chairman H. W. Mar
tins. The invitation to hold memorial
services in St. Mary's Church, corner of
Dupont and California streets, was ac
cented. Kector H. H.Wyman will be the
• :ng clergyman.
fbis is the first time in the history of
the (i. A. R. of San Francisco that me
morial Sunday rervices have beenjield in
a Catholic church.
It was resolved at last nisriit's meeting
to have the church profusely decorated
with flowers an<i to rendezvous on Union
Square, whence the veterans will inarch to
the church in ;>. body.
The following bodies have accepted in
vitatioafl to take part in the parade on
Meriiorinl Day: The Board ot Education,
- . of Supervisors, Union Veteran
Legion of Valiejo, Kreiger Verein,
First Regiment League of the Cross,
"l W. C. Mahoney; -Associated
Veterans Mexican War, Captain S. J.
Loop; regular army, battalion First In
fantry a;j<l band, battery of artillery,
.Nat. final Guards, Signal Corps, cavalry
troop, »:i\.i! battalion (invited), Boys'
Brigade (invited ).
Shooting the Chutes.
The el.ir.e- will \>r. in foil blast to-diy from
10 o'cl' ck in the morning to 11 at night, and
the e>-peeinl attraction, in addition to ihe
chutes, trolley, merry-go-round, donkey, etc.,
will he a s> Dsational balloon ascension and
p.irachute dro; by Emil Murkcber*, the daring
t.erman aeronaut. He will go up hanging by
his teeth, Riid promises some new thrills never
(■• -li before.
'Ihe improvements under usv at the
Hefght-Streel around*-- are rapidly taking
shape, ;he outlines of the 8300-foot
railway now being clearly defined. Ground
iias been broken for the big pavilion, and the
fiti t of July will see the "people's pleasure
ground" in excellent condition.
Fainter*' ami Decorator** .Picnic.
'1 he excursion end picnic of the Painters and
Decorators d California will be held to-day at
. Park. The train leaves narrow-gauge
ferry a^ *:l."j a. M. Committee of arrange-
I . a Merrill, E. H. Windser, J. Tickner,
( harlcs Doyle, J. Dennis and A. Faien; flloor
onunittee, Charles Doyle (floor manager), D.
I'-impe, H. Sullivan, B. Cooney, G. Eibejimen
*er and W. H. Murray.
DIVINITY CHAIR
FOR BERKELEY
J. M. Jefferson of Virginia
Accepts the Profes
sorship.
THE ENDOWMENT FUND.
Will Be the First Bible Sem
inary at the State Uni
versity.
TO COMMENCE NEXT AUGUST.
The Christian Church Which Opens
the Bible Semincry H s Raised
Six^y Thousand Dollars.
When the college year of the University
of California opens on the 13th of next
August there will be a chair of divinity
for the first time at Berkeley, and it will
be tilled by Professor J. M. Jefferson of
Virginia, who has just signified his will
ingness to accept the Berkeley professor
ship.
Tbe opening of a divinity school at
Berkeley will be a surprise to a great many
people, though preparation? have been go
ing on for over twenty months with tins
object in view. Several denominations
have had an eye on the State University
as an excellent place for opening a divin
ity school, the students of which would
have the privileges of university students.
Among this number was the Christian
church, and about twenty months ago
the Slate board decided to taue active
steps toward making the talked of Divinity
School an actual fact.
Funds were, of course, the first thing
needed, and the board resolved to make
an active canvass of the Christian churches
of the State. H. D. McAnenery was ap
pointed collector, and the Christian
churches from one end of California to the
other responded with a liberality which
exceeded the most sanguine expectations
of the promoters of the Divinity School
ijea.
For nineteen mont&s Mr. McAnenery
canvassed the State, and at the end of that
time there was $50, C00 in the treasury, all
collected for the Berkeley school. During
the last month money lias come in faster
than ever, and the endowment fund is now
stated to have reached tne sum of $HO,OOO.
With such a goodly amount in iiand the
Berkeley Bible Seminary committee con
sidered itself justified in completing ar
rangements for opening the school. Rev.
W. A. Gardiner, pastor of the West Side
Christian Church, is the president of the
committee, and J. M. Monroe the secre
tary. They now.announce that the Bible
Seminary will open on August 15, with
the beginning of the coJlegiate year.
Students in the seminary will have all
the advantages of the university courses,
and the new divinity school will be in a
sense affiliated with the State University.
For the present one of the university
buildings will be utilized for seminary
purposes, but later, when funds grow and
increase, it is intended to erect a suitable
and commodious edifice for the Bible Sem
inary. A large part of the $60,(XX) will be
used to endow the Bible chair, but a por
tion of it will be used for current expenses
and the costs incidental to opening the
divinity school.
Professor Jefferson is at present princi
pal of the Bible department of Bethany
College, Virginia, and he wap invited to
come here at the recommendation of lead
ing college and Bible men in the Christian
church. He is said to be not only a
divinity scholar, but an able preacher,
and he is considered to be one of the
strongest writers among the men of his de
nomination. Professor A. M. Elston, pastor
of the Berkeley Christian Church, has
been elected second profeswor in the semi
nary, and he will be expected to supple
ment Professor Jefferson's work by teach
ing the New Testament, Greek and such
other studies as may be necessary-
It is expected that this Bible professor
ship in connection with Berkeley will at
tract a number of divinity students to
Berkeley, and there is great rejoicing
among the members of the Christian
church that their denomination has been
successful in raising funds to found the
first Bible chair in connection with the
State University.
GAY SCOTS AT EL CAMPO
They Celebrated St. Andrew's
Day There With High Suc
cess Yesterday.
All Kinds of Games for Prizes, Con
cluding With Dancing— Oificers
and Committees.
The thirty- third grand annual excur
sion, family reunion and games of the St.
Andrew's Society of San Francisco were
yesterday held at El Oampo, the popular
transbay resort.
The attractive grounds were crowded
with merry-making Scots, who enjoyed to
the full the varied programme provided
by the efficient committee. There were
wild-flower exhibitions, a balloon ascen
sion and numerous athletic games, with
boat races, Hignland fling dancing, tugs
of-war and other diversions agreeably ac
companied by music on the Scottish
pipes.
The committees in charge were com
posed of:
Executive committee — Robert Sutherland
(chairman), James S. Webster. Willian: Wat
v!.. Jnmes Rnlph Jr., John McLaren, William
Nicol, James McLea, James McNab, John Reid,
James Scobie, James Kay; W. C. Cook and
Andrew McNair, secretaries; Y. C. Lawson,
tre"surer.
Reception committee— William Nicol, Thos.
Anderson, Vernon Campbell, William Dick,
Mrs. Agnes Brodie. Mrs. Jennie Segar. John F.
Kennedy, James Sullivan, David Dorward.
James f/unn, James Spiers. James P. Taylor,
John ilain, D. A. Macdonald, John Marshall,
James Aitken, William Little. George Bt. J.
Bfmner, R. D. liurness, James Menrns. George
Davidson, Hila Duncan. Colin M. Boyd, W. P.
Davidson, J. 11. Smith, Thomas Morton, J. C.
Moffat, Robert Sutherland, Jo-eih P. Coch
nine, A. Foreman Sr., Angus McLeod, James
Patterson, Stewart Menzies. J. C. Wilson,
David Kerr, James Scouler, James B. Kidd, H.
P. Christie, Richard Gratto, James C. Fyfe,
William A. Mcßae, Robert White, Alexander
Maokay.
Games committee— George Davidson, James
McLea, Thomaa Stevenson. Angus McLieod, R.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY 17, 1896.
The San Joaquin Valley Railway Bridge Across Merced River, Just Completed.
MERCEO, Cal. t May 16 — The San Joaquin Valley Railway bridge over the Merced River was completed
to-day and the rails were laid to the south bank of the stream, fourteen miles from the company's depot site in
Merced. The grading from the river to this c:ty will be cumpleted on Monday and the entire force will be moved
to a point three miles southeast of flerced. Then the grade will be pushed to the San Joaquin River. Abridge
144 feet in length across Bear Creek at the edge of the city limits is now in process of erection and will be ready
tor the tracklayers to cross by the time they get there, in about ten days. Another bridge eighty fed long at
Canal Creek, five miles north of this city, is being pushed to completion as rapidly as men and material can d<> it.
The track will be laid beyond Merced befo.re the Ist of June, at winch date work will be commenced on the depot
buildings at the site on Twenty-fourth street.
D. Colquhoun. David Kerr, William Balnaves,
James Niven. P. A. F. Keith. John P. Rubert
■on, Arthur If cLea, Peter L. Dunn, D. R. Me-
Neill. J. D. McGilvray, William Z. Nicoll. Don
ald Ross, Q. A. McFarlane. W. R. Eaton, P. D.
Miiarlnne, John M. Duncan, Richard Gratto,
Thomas. Mickel. A. C Ballingali.
Floor managers — James Rolph Jr., Joseph M.
dimming.
Floor commitree— John D. Robertson, Alex.
Ranuie, William Balnaves, P. L. Dunn, Arthur
MeLea.
Balloon committee— John L. Davidson, Rob
ert Reid, J. J. Ross.
The officers of the society are:
Andrew Wilkic, president; James P. Webster,
James Rolj'h Jr.. vice-preMdents ; Y. C. Law
son, treasurer; W. C. Cook, recording secre
tary; Alexander Kannie, assistant recording
secretary; John D. Robertson, financial secre
tary; Geor.ue A. McFarlaue, assistant financial
secretary; William Dick, librarian; trustees—
; Samuel Irving, James McLaren, Richard
Gratto, Jamt-s SooUie, James Kay; bo«rd of
relief— Jos»;ph P. C'ochrane. John M. Duncan,
Rob-.-rt Sutherland; William F. McNutt, M.D.,
physician; Rev. Donald M. Ross, chaplain;
Neil Lindsay, piper; Donald Ross, Commodore.
The races and prize-winners were as fol
lows :
Race for boys under 15 years, 100 yards,
handicap of three yurds for each year; first,
football; second, baseDall; third, knife— First,
Phvhl McCann; second, Eugene Phillips;
third, Elder Webster.
Race for girls under 15 years, 100 yards,
handicap as in No. 1; first, large box of candy ;
second, brush and comb; third, leieaoope
basket— First, Corrlne Telior: second, drnce
Webster: third, Nettle Laws.
Rate for single iaak-s OTer 15 years. 100
yards, no handicap; first, dress pattern; sec
ond, carriage parasol; third, one pair gloves.
First, May Potter; second, Elieu McCann;
third, Katie Stewart.
Race for members' sons under 15 years, 1.">0
yams' handicap as in No. 1; first," one pair
pants; second, one sweater; third, one fishing
rod— First, Vernon Campbell; second, Allister
Ross; third, James Webster.
Race for members' daughters under 15
years, 100 yards' handicap, as in No. 1 ; rir-t,
one fan; second, one large bottle perfume;
third, one pair gloves— Firsi, Aunie Ross; sec
ond. Mary Wilkie; third, Grace Webster.
Race lor members' daughters over 15 years,
100 yards, no handicap: first, silver teapot :
second, one bicycle bHt; third, half-dozen of
handkerchief.-— First, Mildred Rolph; second,
Jennie Duncan; third, Annie Reid.
Race for members' sons over 15 years, 150
yarus. no handicap; first, hat; second, one
sweater; third. one fo.ding camping mar
First, F. A. Wi.kie; second. Waller" Davidson;
thira. Andrew Wilkie Jr.
Ladies' heel-and-toe walking match, 200
yards; first, one white blanket; second, one
cantor; t!>;rd.one box tea— First, Elien McCann ;
second, Annie Simon; third, A. L. Knipe.
Best bouquet of wild flowers, made by ladies
only and picked only about the grounds; bou
quet-* which have been made by men were
be allowed to compete; first, one carved ca'rd
case; second, one carved belt; third, one box
Queen Lily soap; fourth, one pair aluminum
vrt-es — First. Mrs. James Laws; second, Mi<s
Maggip Nicol; third, Misn E. A. Fisher; fourth,
Mi-> Ltfie Nicol.
Intermission until arrival of 1:30 p.m.
boat.
Three-legged race, 150 yards; flirst $2, sec
ond ?1, third 50 cents— First, A. Tumball
and F.Lewis; second, A. Coles and N. Luut;
third, Kdward Niles ana T. Collins.
Second race, three-legged— First, A. HcGee
and George Thomson.
Sack race for men and lads over 15 years,
150 yards, no handicap; tirst, fishing-rod; sec
ond, one flybook; third, one pair suspenders —
First, Walter Davidson; second, A. <i. Scully;
third, James Webster.
Members' race, 150 yards, handicap of two
yards for each year over 45 years; fir-.t, one
pair of $10 pants; second, one pair shoes;
third, one pocket-knife; fourth, oik- St. An
drew's badgt;— First, Samuel Irving; second
James Rolph Jr.; third, J. M. Cum mine
fourth. A. McXair.
Four-o.ired boat race, (two men in boat);
first i£4. second §=2, third $I— First, McLeod
andDivid; second, Marsh and Le^'g; third,
.-■ - vnsoti brothers.
Two-oared boatrace, for ships' apprentices
(two in each boat) ; lirst $3, second $1 50, third
$I— First, ship Kllislnnd, A. Sini<= aurt A. ■
second, ship Killmancy. W. Douglas and V.
Wright; thud, ship Cawdor, 8. Hitch and W.
Lunt.
Two-oared boat race (members)— One man
with privilege of ateercr in each boat. First, 1
set . carv-Ts; second, one-tourth dozen shirts
third, one pair sleeve buttons. First, Jnmes
Roiph Jr. ; second, Y. C. Lawson: third W I
Cook.
Tut of war— Between teams of married and
single members of the society. Captains
(married), William Watson; (single) Jamos
RolpnJr. One pull to be decisive, and no one
allowed near the rope but the parties selected
for the teams. One case Zinfandel to the win
ning team. One ca«e wine to the losing team
tiv-i (married team), William Watson, cap
tain.
Highland fling for lads and lassies— First
*2 50; second, $2; third, $1. First, Corinne
Tel for; second, Lizzie Fairgreive.
Grab-bag prizes, for married ladies only
First, one load wood, delivered; second, one
case oysters; third, one case assorted fruits
fourth, one bos candles; fifth, one case break
fast delight; sixth, one ham: aeventh, one
case flavoring extracts; eighth, one box as
sorted crackers; ninth, one sack rolled oat«
tenth, one box macaroni; eleventh, two
dressed chickens; twelfth, one box aworted
crackers. First, Mrs. John Gollnn: second,
Mrs. Robert Sutherland; third, Mrs. Andrew
McNair; fourth, Mrs. Fuller; fifth, Mrs. A. J.
McAllister; sixth, Mrs. Thornton; seventh^
Mrs. bangtter; eighth, Mrs. Sievenscn; ninth'
Mr«. McCann; tenth, Mrs. James Clyde
eleventh, Mrs. S. E. Brown: twelfth, Mrs.'
William Patterson.
Grab bag for nnmarried ladles over 16
years — First, one cloak pattern; second, one
box soap; third, fif:y-pound sack flour; fourth,
one box (homes; fifth, one sack rolled oats;
sixth, one corncob ham; seventh, on* box
candy; eighth, five pounds coffee; ninth, one
box raisins; tenth, 100 visiting cards. First,
Edna Warde; second. E. Wilkie; third, Jennie'
Finnic; fourth. Alice Taylor; fifth, Nellie
Newman; sixth, unclaimed ticket 17; seventh
unclaimed ti< ket 115; eighth, M. Painn';
ninth. Jeanette Finnic; tenth, Louise Boggan.'
The society thanks the following-named
Darties for donations on account of the
prizes, etc. :
Mrs. Agnes Brcdie, Messrs. Donald Ross
Colin M. Boyd. Robert Wnite, Henry P. Chris
tie, James Scobre, John Center, John Reid
Richard Gratto, James Aitkeii, Robert Watt
Ross <t Hewlett,.). P. Cochran, McLea Bros'
Blair Bros , W. Nicol, J. F. K-nnedy, John
Bain, James McNab, Miller, Son ,1 Scott
Baker <fc Hamilton, John McLuren, George
Davidson, V. C Lawsoi,, Jnmes McLea, Roben
Sutherland, W. P. Davidson, D. R. McNeil!
Walter N. Brunt, Buchanan Bros.,S. H. Tyler &
Son, New el i it Bro., P.ater Bros. & Co., Kittle
<fe Co., American Biscuit Company, Andrew
Wilkie, Raphael \\>ill & Co.. Daniel Wilson,
W. EL K.tc n. New mil v <i: Levinson, John M*
Duncan, R P. R. Duff. Louis Sarotii A c o .
Stevenson «<c Co., Haa> Bros., L. F. Monteagle'
Pacific Fruit Packing Company, Yolo Mills'
lv.< iflo Notion Company, T. C. 81-rry, Fi-hbeck
<fe olootz, James s. Webster. I*." Beam is b
Neustadter Bros., Kagleson & Co., M Hart!
Ro«ss Bros., Arthur McL.'a, Dalion Bros'
Knenig, Phillip s. Breel. Deming-Pal-ner Mill
ing Company, Rcott <fc Gilbert, MeLsod &
Hatje, H. M. Nsgle<t Co., Cluff Bros., Dunham,
Carrigan >fc liaydcu Company, R. D. Col
quhoun. D. Roberts, H. Palmer* Co Moore
Hunt <t Co., D. Kerr, J. Rolph Jr., J. D. Robert
sou, William Watson, John D. McGilvrav
James Young. William Little, Hoibrook, Mer
rill <t Stetson, Messrs. Dalzell, L. Wagner, Cap
tain Sudden, George Haß6 & Son, Clavbrough
Golcher & Co.
AGAINST THE
NEW CHARTER.
Big Meeting of the Mission
Defense Union Last
Night.
OPPOSE CENTRALIZATION
Thomas J. L. Smiley and John M.
Reynolds Address the
Assemblage.
VARIOUS CRITICISMS MADE.
Stron? Speeches Against the Proposed
New Municipal Charter — De
fects Noted.
By special invitation of the Defense Clnb
in the Mission, Thomas J. L. Smiley and
John M. Reynolds addressed a full house
at Twentieth and Guerrero streets last
nietat.
Mr. Smiley wa« decidedly opposed to the
charter because it made no provisions for
the residence qualification of the municipal
officers provided for. To his view an alien
or non-resident of the City could tie Its
Mayor.
Again, there were no provisions made
for the election of the Mayor succeeding
the first one elected. This and other ir
regularities would prevent him from vot
ing for its adoption. Mr. Reynolds was
more exhaustive in his criticisim. He in
quired into who constituted the Mer
chants' Defense Association, which was so
earnest in advocating the adoption of ihe
proposed charter.
He thought h« saw the footprints of the
bankers, the rich corporations and
monopolies, all of whom a^e assessed for
much less than one-half of the real value
of their property.
Every section of the charter that is sus
ceptible to critici«m was handled without
gloves. Mr. Reynolds said:
The most perfect municipal governments of
the world are conducted without Mayors as
we know them. Neither Glasgow, so noted for
, Its progress, a city pointed to by the it-hole
civilized world, nor Birmingham, nor Man
chester, nor any of the Knsli:~h cities have
Mayors who can appoint and remove or exer
cise any power above that of his fellow-Coun
eilmen. Where are the exiimples of good re
sults from this dictatorial veto power soueht
; U> De inflicted upon us by the new charter?
Their points are all theories, but facts tell us
hat tne new charter's advocate! are wrong.
Why should not the scientific, political and
economic results of these admirably governed
cities be taken as a useful lesson by Ameri
icans as the valuable results in the mechanical
arts, in medicine and in law? Vt> can point to
tta ■■• prond results of municipal governments
without Mayors. Where can our oppenents
sho« equally good results by the proposed dic
tation?
We have shown that the growth of govcrn
j ment has been toward enlarging the people's
powers.
That the reasons given in favor of the new
I charter are mostly reasons in favor of our pres
i ent statutes.
That the new charter is a step toward politi
cal bOKsihm.
That the centralization of power brings best
j results where the Supervisors resolve them
; 6elves into executive committees.
That corruption is mostly a creature of the
privilege and contract system.
That the City will be released from its most
I excessive burdens when the monopolies are
owned by tne people.
That the new charter protects this sort of
corruption by uniting the people's privilege
of providing public works.
That tnc omission of specific provisions for
important offices may give the Mayor power to
appoint even the Auditor and Treasurer and
all officers now elective.
That it 1b wholly inconsistent with American
Institutions.
That the contract system is a detriment, yet
It is made mandatory by the new charter.
That its length and minuteness of detail Is a
very serious defect.
That the system of a Board of Public Works
appointed by the Mayor has been a failure in
Oakland.
That the beFt authorities on municipal gov
ernment advise trusting to the people instead
of an Irresponsible Mayor.
That the tnxation provisions are not safe
guards, nor do they promise to decrease ex
penditures.
That the proposed government is a discon
nected, irresponsible system, the powers now
residing with the Supervisors being divided
with the Mayor.
That its amendment is not an cn «y matter,
and many of its provisions of doubtful le
galiiy.
Tlit- positive programme ho recommends is
that the changes of municipal government
shall be in the direction of direct legislation,
in which the jeople themselves are able to
control their officers and their po'icy.
The tendency and drift of th<> new charter is
in the opposite direction. Let it not be said of
U in future years that wo assisted in the
attempts being now made to subvert the prin
ciple of government of the people.
The club voted thanks to the two speak
ers for the viewe expressed by them.
Organ Recital.
The following programme will be performed
this afternoon at the Art Institute by Otto
Fleissner, organist, and Miss Caroline Boyau,
vocalist; Processional in D, Dubois; song,
"The Arabian Blare," Shelly; concerto, 13ucn;
invocazione, Capocei; song, -'When you are
here, love," Vannah; overture, "Martha,"
Flotow; offertory, Salome; song, "I hold my
heart so still," Funcie; finale, Third Sym
phony, Mendelssohn.
BOGUS OPIUM SEIZED.
Deputy Surveyor Sam Ruddell Makes
an Important Seizure of a
Counterfeit Article.
Deputy Surveyor Sara Ruddell located a
gang of opium counterfeiters yesterday
noon, at 534 Washington street, and last
night be made a raid on the establish
ment. He found tX)S tins of the spurious
article ready for sale or shipment, and an
almost unlimited quantity of material for
the manufacture of the home-made arti
cle.
Just who the proprietors of the plant
are no one seems to know. Tnat large
quantities of molasses and flour have been
told in San Francisco as well as slapped
to other Dorts for opium during the fast
few months is well known, but this is the
tirst seizure. It is thought by the Customs
ofticialß that the plant is one oi ruanv scat
tered throng •: the City.
At 534 Washington street is the Occi
dental saloon owned by P. H. Hink & Co.
In the basement of this saloon the 605 tins
were found. Hink & Co. deny all knowl
edge of the plant, regardless of the fact
that there is only one entrance to the base
men*, and that is through their froat
door. In the alley leading from Washing
ton to Jackson street is a grating whicii
can be lifted by a muscular person.
I nderneatb. this is a door leading into
the basement where the bomis opium was
found, but this door is locked on the in
side.
In the basement were fouml a number of
boxes marKed lime juice, and in a separate
box hundreds of Chinese labels tuch as
are used on regular stamped opium.
COLLECTOR WISE BEREFT
His Wife Died Last Night After
an Illness of More Than
Two Years.
The Funeral Will Take Place From
the House on Monday, Rev.
Dr. Foute Officiating.
Mrs. Sarah Ann Wise (nee Merker), wife
of Collector J^hn H. Wise, died at her
home at 8:45 o'clock last night after an
illness from which she suffered for more
than two years, and which for the past
two months confined her to her bed. The
fatal malady arose from congestion of the
liver, which ultimately developed into
consumption of the bowels. She was sub
ject of late to sinking sDells, ana was at
tacked by one of these early in the even
in c yesterday. <*
This was followed by another at the
hour stated, during which she quietly and
seemingly painlessly passed away.
The only living children are" Harry E.
Wise of the firm of Christy & Wise aud
George D. Wise, a youth of 17.
Deceased was married to Collector Wise
about a third of a century a«o. She was
born in St. Louis on September 27, 1845,
and was a member of the well-known
.Merker family ot Missouri.
The funeral will take place Monday at 2
P. m. from the family's residence, 1409
Leavenworth street, and Rev. Dr. Foute of
Grace Episcopal Church will ofliciate. She
will be interred in the family vault in
Laurel Hill Cemetery, where already lies
an infant daughter buried seventeen years
ago.-'
The mother of deceased lives in this City
and her father died three years ago.
THE HORSE STILL IN IT.
Steam and Electricity Will Oi.ly Im-
prove His Qualities.
"We hear a great deal about the horse
less carnage and the advances in elec
tricity and steam, woioh it is claimed
will before long destroy the usefulness of
the horse altogether," remarked Dr. C.
Masoero, the well-knoWn veterinary sur
geon, to a reporter, who has been obtain
ing opinions of leading men of the profes
sion on this subject. These views have
appeared in Ths Call from time to time.
"People who jump to this conclusion,"
continued the doctor, "are very much mis
taken, for there ia nothing to warrant it.
"It is true that recent invention, and
especially the application of electricity to
machinery, are doing much of the work
formerly performed by common and in
ferior horses and that as a result such ani
mals have become much reduced in valne.
But the vast sum? of money still being in
vi'sfd in high-bred animals all over the
country and the cos-tly equipped infirm
aries for their treatment when diseased
show that the thoroughbred will never
lose his value or the place he occupies in
the t> flections of mankind.
"In fact," concluded Dr. Ma«oero, "the
more we advance in civilization the more
will the horse improve in the qualities of
beauty, speed and endurance."
She Attempted Suicide.
Much excitement was created on the beach
last Wednesday nfternoon, when it was seen by
some visitors that a Chinese woman had thrown
herself among the breakers about 500 yards
soutti of the < liff House. Some gentlemen
wlin happened to be standing on the beach at
the tinu 1 fished her out and convej-"d her to
the ClilF House, where she was taken care of.
and afterward sent to Chinatown in charge of
one of her countrymen, who isemploycd about
the cliff.
Tlic woman refused to give her name or the
reason why she tried to take her life.
Sunday-School Picnic.
ALAMEDA, Cal., May 16.— The com
bined iSi'.nilay-school picnic to Sunset Park
to-day was n preat success. Twenty- four
coaches left Park street this morning
loaded with the little ones and their
teachers and parents, and all returned
this evening without any mishap.
.-•■ V. . ''■'•j: : lj-\ NEW TO-DAY.
t Opens for Inspection .3
£ Saturday, flay 23, 1896. H
k Afternoon 2 to 5 o'clock. 2
£ Evening 7:30 to 11 o'clock. A
>o Concerts Afternoon and Evening by V The Emporium Or- 3
<o chestra under the Direction of Mr. John Marquardt. 3
J Opens for Business °j
£' Monday, May 25, 1896, $
*» . 8 A. M. 3
OLOJLOJLJLOJL.JLOJLJLiLLJLOJLg.JIJ
SPRING AND C^f Tl^fn
UMMER OUI I O
j. Made to order. Nobby
ilk I #dSjJU« thing for the sea=
I|£r£ildB ] form and dura~
1 bility.
Stock of goods bought at 50 Cents on the
Dollar.
Goods at half price means Suits at half
price.
Just think of it! Two Suits for what is
ordinarily paid for one.
ONION CLOTHING CO.,
112, 114 and 116 Kearny St.,
BETWEEN POST AND SUTTEE.
: • ■ •
SILVER'S ADVOCATE
Eloquent Address Delivered by
the Attorney-General of
Washington.
The following address on silver was de
livered before the Northwest Mining Asso
ciation at Spokane, Wash., February 22
iast by Attorney-General W. 0. Jones:
In many countries of the world to-day when
a peasant chances to see the moon rising over
the eastern horizon he jingles merrily the
silver coin in his poctet, if he happens to be so
fortunate as to possess any, and if he has none
he sighs to think that he has lost an oppor
tunity to invoke the blessing and secure the
favorof night's fair queen.
Just why he practices this mystic rite he
probably does not know nor care. It is enough
for him to know that his sire did it before him
aiiil liis prti:ul:>iro before his sire.
But to his? remote ancestor this was no mean
ingless form, no Idle custom. To him Luna
was the fairest and the most potent of ell ihe
deitlea tnat composed the polyiWistic god
head. She w.is the mistress of the tides: she
taught him when to sow his seed, to prune his
hedge, to plant his trees. She appoiuted the
day when the good housewife should start the
leach ami boil the mellifluous sottsoap. to set
the favorite hen or transfer the nascent cab
bage from the hotbed to the garden. She
filled with plenty tae jrrauarie-' of her devotees
and blasted with mildew the harvests of those
who remembered not her law.
In auciiiit times the moon was regarded as
the most potent of all the influences that gov
erned the de.-tinies of mankind or should
guide his labor, and to sleep in her presence
■■vas an unpardonable crime; the luckless
wight who dared thus insult her she smote
with madness.
Silver was the metal sacred to her honor,
and on him who held up to her this emblem of
her regal power she smiled benignly ; but to
him v.-ho dared despise it— and until this last
generation gave birth to a new breed of sin
ners none dared despise her — sne gave the
most dire punishment.
Our ancestors jingled their silver at the
sight of the rising moon with the same ven
eration and the same religious fervor that in
spires the devotee of the cross to-day when he
counts his beads at the 6lghi of that mystic
symbol of faitn, that promise of a better
world. But to-day we have among us a new
set of heretics, who ignore the influence and
power and beneficence of the sliver goddess of
the heavens. They are sleeping in her pres
ence, in the presence of her whose mission it
is to bring light and joy and happiness to the
dark Dlace* of the earth; but we trust that
they will soon be awakened from their sense
less stupor by the voice of reason, which will
swell from ocean to ocean, and when they
awaken and see the depth of resentment of
silver's devotees they will be mad enough.
Until recently Japan. Mexico and India were
regarded as the dark places of the earth; they
were very iar bi-bind us in the race of civiliza
tion, in the struggle for progress; but to-Jay
the silver shield has risen for them. They are
building railroads, factories and mills, and
lighting the fires in furnace and forge; they
are founding colleges and erecting palaces,
and all this progress at a rate which has no
precedence in the world* history. They are
torcir.g forward their industrial armies to the
music of a quicks ;ep.
Oh, gentlemen, they are overtaking us. Their
skirmish line ha- advanced beyond our gates,
and they are Invading our markets with the
products of their skill and enterprise.
Almost we can hear their victorious shout of
triumph as the mam army approaches our bat
tlements. But we have .sinned against the sil
ver goddess— w. have slumbered ir. her pres
ence—and for our temerity we are undergoing
the most iioicnsnt industrial suffering; the
arms 01 industry are paralyzed, the feet of
pr^ress w< ary, and the h..-ad of commercial
cuter]. rise, oh, how it aches! It will be well
for us as a people if we awaken from this sense
less stupor before the silver goddess has smit
ten us beyond re-cowry.
Only a little while ago it was common for us
of the Anglo-Saxon race, ibis great Nation
which is pointed to as the great Nation of
sound money, to point to Inuia and Mexico
and Japan as countries that were far beneath
our notice, but reports come from those coun
tr'cs that, instead of bankruptcy and ruin, in
stead of closed factories and Incendiary tires,
they lire coming forward by mighty leaps and
bouuds into prosperity. They are paving divi
dends on their railroads and "their bank stock.
Their farmers are prosperous and happy, their
laborers are getting greater wages "than ever
before.
To be sure we started their lead. They are
not of our civilization. We had tremendous
advantage over them, but while we are going
backward they are coming forward, and no
citizen of this country to-day with justice or
honesty can point the finger of scorn at tnose
nations which a little while ago were looked
upon as little above savages.
Let us pray, gentlemen, that some Moses may
come down and drive from the tabernacles of
the people the political priests and prophets
who are to-day worshiping at the shrine of
the golden calf.
May this new Moses smite the enemies of
this country— the Rothschilds, the Clevelands,
the Shermans and all the idolators who pro
fane the temples of the people while he was
communing with the Lord. It will be well for
us. gentlemen, if the remedy that is necessary
for the present condition of" affairs be not de
layed too long.
Gold is an aristocrat. It holdi its court in
the palaces of kings and dwells in the man
sions of -the millionaire, but silver Is the
faithful servant and humble friend of him
who toils to make his country greater and the
world better.
Gold is a spirit of evil that breeds folly and
vice and sin and crime, but silver is an angel
of meny that cheers the heart of the hungry
and briiißs consolation to the needy. It cheer 3
the breast of the poor plowboy as "he whistles
merrily to the jingle of a few dimes in his
breeches pot-kef, and it brings comfort to the
overworked seamstress, whose comforts in life
are measured by the swiftness of her needle.
Pure and white like Diaua, whose sacrod
emblem it is, silver is the symbol of purity
and benevolence, a minister of love, the cur
rency of honesty.
W.ii -/:iu i.tk Coming.
Hermann Warszawiak, the noted Jewish
evangelist, will arrive in this City on Tuesday
to hold a series of revival meetings in connec
tion with the Jewish-Christian mission on
Mission street. He is 29 years ot age, speaits
with considerable eloquence, and is said to
bear a strange personal likeness to Walt
Mason, the KebrasKa poet.
Dick Williams Is Here.
The sensational story published in an after
noon paper yesterday to the effect that "Dick"
Williams, the Chinese interpreter, had left the
City is utterly without foundation. Mr. Wil
liams appeared at The Call office last night
and stated that he had notonly no Intentionof
leaving the City, but was anxious for his trial
to come on, as he was sure ot acquittal.
NEW TO-DAT.
■ ' '-'■■"■ .'■•■'t ■■-:■'',
KNITiFINGCO.
120 Sutt«r St., rooms 21-24, B. F.,
: p>r,. ■ ■ , ■■if-
MANUFACTURERS A
ONLY HEADQUARTERS FOB
Bathing
Suits
ENTIRELY NEW AND
BEAUTIFUL STYLES.
SEASON 1898.
BICYCLE SUITS,
SWEATERS,
NEWEST STYLES !
MOST REASONABLE PUKES!
Send for Illustrated Catalogues,
78
THE CYCLERS AT
CENTRAL PARK
Crack Riders Compete at
the National Circuit
Meet.
WELLS DEFEATS FOSTER
The Bay City Man Wins the
Mile and Half-Mile Scratch
Races.
A LARGE CROWD ATTENDS.
Wells, Jones, Squires and Downing
the Winners in the Different
Events.
The National circuit bicyrle races drew
large crowds to Central Park yesterday
afternoon and evening. The track, a new
Hx-lap affair, built of boards, did not
THE START OF THE FINAL HEAT IN THE MILE PROFESSIONAL SCRATCH RACE.
[From a tnap-thot photograph taken for "The Cull.' 1 ]
prove particularly fast, but the races were :
clo?e and exciting, and, from a spectator's
point of view, the email track was all that ;
could be desired.
The professional events were, of course,
the best, and in the afternoon the final
heat in the one-mile scratch, in which ;
Wells, the Say City crackajack, Deat Ter
rill, Coulter and Davis, was one of the best
races ever seen on a California track. J
Wells aiso beat Walter Foster of theOlyni- I
pic <*lub in the final of the mile handicap ;
later in the day.
The evening's events were run under the '•
glare of electric lights, and a sufficient |
number of them were distributed about j
the grounds to light them almost as bright
M day. The wind which prevailed in the j
afternoon died down towards evening, aurl
the night events were, therefore, mucb !
faster than those of the day time. The !
grand stands at the park are commodious
and well protected, and the audience did
not feel the wind or cold in the evening.
Of course the "only" Wilbur Knapp was
there to announce the results of the events j
through his l 'knap*phone," and Referees
Welch and Plummer, Starters Fawcettand i
Lennie, and other League of American \
Wheelmen officials controlled the running
of the various events.
The racing in the afternoon commenced j
with a mile scratch professional event, for !
which there were a score of entrants. The <
rate was divided into four heats and a i
final. In the first heat Foster (Olympic),. ■
Stayer of Portland, Terrill (Bay City) and
Campbell of Spokane started. It was a '
pretty ride from the start. The men alter
nated in making the pace, and at the be- i
pinning of the last lap Campbell led. Ter- !
rill, who was second, fought it out with |
him and beat him half a wheel's length at
t he tape. Time, 2 :33 4-5.
In the second heat Wells (Bay City) and
Osen (Olympic Cyclers) were the only ;
starters, McFarland (San Jo?e) and Kd- |
wards (Olympic) being scratched. Osen !
Btole a march on Wells on the fifth lap i
and nearly beat him out, but the "boy i
wonder" had sufficient sprint left to pass j
him before they crossed the tape. Time,
2:36 2-5.
There was a fine field of starters in the \
tinrd heat, comprising Long (Bay City), ;
llavis and Johei (Olympic) and Byrne j
(Imperial). Long was forced to set the ]
pace for three laps, as none of the others j
would take it. Davis came up on the |
fourth, with Byrne alongside, and Jones ;
still held back. On the last lap Davis had !
the lead, and Long took second. They
finished in that order, in the rather slow i
time of 2:50 4-5. Byrne rode wild on the
last bank and nearly threw himself and
Jones, but the latter recovered sufficiently
to finish a pooa third.
Clinton Coulter, the crack Easterner,
McCrt-a of Los Angeles and Basse!] Cush
ing (Garden City) rode the fourth neat.
McCrea jumped away from the others on
the fifth Lap and gained a lead of several
yards. It looked like his heat, but he
coulu not hold the pace, and Coulter beat
him easily at the finish. Time. 2:59 4-5.
Thin brought into the final heat a quar- |
tet of the fastest riders in the country, j
Terrill and Weils representing the Bay i
City Wheelmen and Coulter and Darn the
Olympic Club Wheelmen. They lined up j
I that order on the tape, and the audieme j
■i- all excitement aa the Marter'u i istol ]
:<; out and the men shot off. Davis set
> pace for two laps, and ma ie it so hot j
it the crowd yelled its disapproval. |
en Coulter came up and made it a bit
.aster. Terrill went up on the fourth
with Wells following him, and the sprint
for home began tight then. The four men
fought it out for the remaining two laj s,
nd the riant Weils had all the best of it.
He got the lead on the last half of the
fifth and kept it to the end. winning amid
deafening applause in 2:3*4-5. Ihe other
Bay City man, Terrill, was o good second,
Coulter third. The men were cheered |
again and again as they came off the traok.
It was one of the best races ever seen on a
California tract, and the audience was de
lighted.
The one-mile handicap, amateur, had
sixty-eight entrants, one of the biggest 1
I fields ever known on a' California race- j
track. The race was divided into twelve
heats, first in each heat to qualify for two
semi-finals, and the first and second in
each semi-final, and fastest third, to qual
ify for the final. Th.-re were four starters
in the tirst heat and it was won by H. H. j
Friedlander of the San Francisco Road
! Club, from 110 yards, in 1:58 1-5.
In the secon<l heat there were six start
ers. Dehnas, the scratch man, caught the 1
limit nifn by the second lap, but collided
with Wielzen (Acme), on the fourth. Both I
fell, but neither was hurt. .1. Mack dm
nerial), won the heat from if") yards in <
I 12:322-5. Mott (Reliance), won tne third
i heat in the remarkably fast time of 2:153-5, i
from 20 yards. He was the virtual scratch
] man in a field of five starters, and rode a ,
very pretty race.
The fourth heat went to Cook of the Im
perial Club in 2:20 2-5 from SO yards. H.
B. Freeman of the Bay CitVß "was easily
the best, man in the fifth heat and won
from a tied of live in 2:19, from 25 yards. :
J. E. Wing of San Jose, who won the ;
ten-mile associated clubs' road race
last October, took the sixth heat as he
pleased in 2:191-5, from 25 yards. The,
I seventh and eighth heats were run to- ;
i aether, bringing out six starters. Borree
(Imperial), won from 105 yards in 2:1!* 3-5.
The ninth heat was a pretty ride and re
sulted in a dead heat between Kraft (Bay
' City), tio yards, and Klford (Reliance), 100 '.
! yards. Time, 2:1G4-,'>.
It toou one lar- to bunch the field tn the
I tenth heat. In the sprint for home
; Kenna of the Acme Club won by lo yards
in 2:24 3-6* H. W. Squires, who finished
the last great relay race for the Acme Club
of Oakland and participated in the cele- ,
(■rated collision with Foster, won the next '
j heat from 30 yards, in 2:26 2-5. R. M.
! Welsh of Hay wards, whom the announcer
stated was not related to the well-known !
chairman of the League of American
Wheelmen's racing board, won the last '
heat in 2:22 from 90 yards.
T c first semi-final heat brought out I
Mott, Wing, Cook and Friedlander. and '
they finished exactly in that order, his \
time being 2:20 4-5. In the second were
Eiford, Kenna, Squires and Welsh. Kenna. j
who is proving himself to be a very East
man, won easily in 2:20 3-5. Chapman, ]
Mack, Borree, . Craft, Freeman, Metcalf i
and Menne rode the third. A field of seven :
is a good many for a six-lap track, and the j
crowd was kept in a constant state of ex
citement for fear the men would collide. !
! They rndp well, however, and the whole :
! seven finished in a bunch. Borree won, •
[ Mack second. Freeman third. Time, 2:18,
I from 105 yards.
This narrowed down the original field of !
sixty-eight starters to seven, who com- '
peted in the final heat. They were Mott,
: Wine, Mack, Borree, Freeman, Kenna and
; Squires, and they made a ereat race of it :
■ from the crack oft' c pistol. The seven of ■
. them were bunched at the end of third lap,
: every man fighting for a position and riding
; as if his life depended on the result of the
I race. It looked as if Mott bad the race i
' when they rounded the last turn, but ;
| Squires came fast and passed him a few ;
feet before they reached the tape. Wine j
! was second. Squires' time was 2:19 2-5, 1
: from thirty yards.
The one-mile handicap, professional, i
, was run off in three preliminary heats J
and a final. The winners of each heat
j and seconds in the two fastest heats quali
'■ tied for the final. In the first heat alter i
1 F. Foster, the Olympic crack, started from
I scratch; R. L. Lontc, Bay City, had 45 :
yards, and J. F. Stayer of Portland 70 !
yards. It was an uninteresting ride, and !
\ Foster won as he liked in 2:38 4-5, Stayer '
j being second.
There was a fine field in the second j
i heat, comprising Wells. Bay City, scratch; !
j Osen, Olympic, 40 yards; Terrill, Bay City, I
60; Davis, Olympic, 65; and Cushing, j
Garden City, 86, It proved a very pretty !
race. Cushing, the limit man, was never [
I headed, and won by a considerable margin,
I but the liirht was for second place between |
i the other four. Davis ran off the track on i
] the last lap, and Wells forged ahead and '
| beat Terrill, who came very fast on the i
outside, by but a few inches. Gushing's
time was 2:25 4-5.
In the third heat were McCrea of Los
I Angeles, Campbell of Spokane, Jones of j
j the Olympics and Byrne of the Imperials. ■
This was a ride for blood, as the men are
| all bitter rivals. McCrea and Jones
bumped into each other on the last lap,
I out neither fell, Jones winning in 2:25 4-5 j
! lrom sixty yards; McCrea second, from .
i twenty-live yards.
This brought into the final Foster,
I Wells. Cushine, McCrea and Jones, a com
• bination that the audience was evidently i
, glad to see ride against each other, judg- j
i ing by tue applause the men received as |
I thoy came out. dialling, with eighty-five
yards handicap, and Jones with sixty,
jumped out and got such a lead that the j
others never overtook them. Wells, Me- !
Crea and Foster fought it out for third I
place and to see who could beat the other.
Jones beat Cushing by a few inches, and
then came the other three fighting it out ,
i as though first place depended on. their j
! efforts. Wells easily proved his superior- j
: | ity over the other two, taking third place, :
ifcCiea fourth and Foster a close fifth.
i Jones' time was 2:25.
. AFTERNOON SUMMARY.
One mile, scratch; professional: First heat—
! W. A. Terrill, Bay City, first; J. M. Campbell,
! Spokane, second. Time, 2:33 4-5. "
Second heat— C. 8. Wells, Bay city, first;
' Oscar Osen. Olympic, second. Time, 2:30 2-5. !
1 Third heat— C. L. Davis. Olympic, first; R.
; L. Long, Bay City, second. Time, 2:50 4-5.
Fourth heat— C. •K. Coulter, Olympic, first :
H. K. McCrea, Bay City, second. Time,
I 2:39 4-5.
Final heat— C. S. Wells, Bay City Wheelmen,
I first; W. A. Terrill, Bay City Wheelmen, Fee
ond: 0. . R. Coulter, Olympic, third. Time,
2:38 4-5.
One-mile handicap, amateur: First heat— ll.
i Frfvdlitnder, B.F. H. <.., 110 yards, 1:58 1-5.
Second Lieut— J. Mack, Imperial, 90 yards,
i 2:32 2-5.- -
Third heat— P. R. Mott, Reliance, 20 yards, i
| 2:15 3-5. ' "
Fourth heat— M. M. Cook, Imperial, 80 yards,
2:20 2-5.
■ ■
THE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY 17, 1896.
Fifth heat— H. B. Freeman, Bay City, 25
yards, 2:19.
Sixth heat— J. E. Wing, San Jose, 40 yards,
2:19 1-5.
Seventh and eighth heats run together— J. J.
Borree, Imperial, 105 yards. 2:19 3-5.
Ninth heat— G. H. Kraft, Bay City. 65 yards,
and B. H. Klford, Reliance, 100 yards, dead
hiat ; time, 2:10 4-5.
Tenth heat— J. R. Kenna, Acme, 45 yards,
2:24 3-5.
Eleventh heat— ll. W. Squires, Acme, 30
yards, 2 :2U 2-5.
Twelfth heal— R. M. Welsh, Haywards, 90
yards, 2:22. " ;•'-
First semi-final— P. R. Mott, Reliance, 20
yards, first, 2:20 4-5; J. K. Wing, San Jose, sec
ond; M. M. Cook, Imperial, third.
Second semi-final — J. K. McKenna, Acme, 45
yards, first, 2:20 3-5; 11. W. Squires, Acme,
second; B. 11. Kiford, Reliance, third.
Third semi-final— J. J. liorree, Imperial, 105
yards, first; time, 2:18. i. Muck, Imperial,
second; H. B. Freeman, Bay City, third.
Final heat— ll. W. Squires. Acme, 30 yards,
first: P. R. Mott, Reliance, second; J. E. Wing,
San Jose, third. Time. 2:19 2-5.
One mile handicap, professional : First heat —
W. . F. Foster. Olympic, scratch, first; J. F.
Stayer, Portland, 70 yards, second. Time,
2:38 4-5.
Second heat— Russell rushing, Garden City,
85 yards, first; C. S. Wells, Bay City, scratch,
second. Time, 2:25 4-5.
Third heat— Allan Jones, Olympic, 60 yards,
first; 11. K. McCrea. Bay City, 25 yards, sec
ond. Time, 2:25 4-5.
Final heat— Jones, Olympic. 60 yards,
first; Russell dishing, Garden City, 85 yards,
second ; C. S. Wells, Bay City, scratch, "third.
Time, 2:25.
Two races were rim off In the evening
and they were both very interesting in the
many preliminary heats, semi-linals and
finals. The first was a one mile scratch,
am. teur, run in eight heat?, the first in
each to qualify tor two senn-liiials. and
first ami second in each semi-tinal to ri«le
in the final. The preliminary heats were
won by Gooch, Reliance ; Freeman. Bay
City; Downing, Garden City; Lefevre,
-Acme; Craft*, Acme; Squires. Acme; El
ford, Reliance; Soiling, Bay City.
Gooch, Freeman, Downing and Lefevre
rode the first serai-final, Downing winning
in 2:47 45, Freeman second. Goorh had a
peculiar fall in this* lieat, Deing the last
man and running his front wheel against
the man in front of him. He was unhurt
by the accident gave for a few braises.
In the second semi-final were Crafts,
Squirer, Left vre and Hulling. It looked
lik« Rolling's heat until they rounded the
last turn, when Crafts came on and won.
Squires taking second. The true was
•1 :44 2-5.
This brought into the final Downing,
Freeman, Crafts and inquires. To make
the race fast, Gooch, the Reliance man,
was put in to speed them <t>n. It was a
very pretty race. Crafts took the pacing
away from Qoooh on the fourth lap and
made it faster. Round they went at break
neck pane, all within inches of each other.
Downing came fast on the inside on the
last lap, and barely won from Freeman,
with Gooch third. The time was 3:254*6.
The only professional event run in the
| evening was a half-mile scratch in
four heats and a final, first In each heat to
qualify. The heats were well contested
and excited considerable enthusiasm. The
first heat had for starters ft. E. McCrea,
Bay City, and J. M. Campbell of Spokane.
The former won in a pretty finish in
1:14 4-5. In the second heat Walter Fos
ter, Olympic, and Russell Cushinp, Gar
! den City, competed. Rus9ell tried to
; jump away from his opponent on the fifth
heat, but" the speedy Foster would not
; hsvp ir. that way ana" won a pretty race in
! i ao 2-5.
Wells (Bay City), Davis and Jones
i (Olympic vVheelmen), and Osen (Olympic
| Cyclers), rou> out the fourth heat in splen
did style. It looked ns though .lone*
• might beat Wells when they rounded the
, last turn, but the big rider still had a
• sprint left ajid won by a few inches in
11:161 1:16 4*B. The fourth beat brought out
Tcrrill (Bay City), Slaver of Portland and
: Byrne (Imperial). They did not try to
i make it very fast the first two laps, but it
i was speedy "enough to suit the most exact
i inp on the last. Terrill won in a close fin
j Ish in 1:24 3-5.
This made three out of the four prelimi
! nary heats that Bay City riders hud won,
I and their club members showed their
I jubilation by giving their club yell several
j times with a vim. When Wells, Foster,
i Terrill and McCrea lined up for the start
of the final heat they were loudly cheered.
They loafed the first lap, however, which
the crowd did not like, but the pace was
very BDeedy from then to the ena. Wells
j came fast on the outside on the second lap
; and took the lead, and try as they would
the others could not head him. Terrill
hung on to the second place with grim
I tenacity, and McCrea and Foster were
lighting it out close behind. They crossed
the tape inches apart, Wells first, Terrill
I second, McCrea third. Foster last. The
time was 1 :24 2-5. It was a great race, and
the popular winner -was cheered to the
echo as he dismounted and went to his
j training quarters.
EVFNISG STMMARY.
One mile handicap, amateur: first heat— C.
D. Good, Reliance. Time, 2:40 2-5.
Second beat— ll. B. Freeman, Bay City. Time,
1 I:'M\ 1-5.
Third heat— Hardy Downing, Garden City.
Time, 2 :•!•;.
Fourth heat— P. M. Lefevre, Acme. Time.
2:55 4-0.
Fifth heat— G. H. Crafts, Acme. Time.
j 2:3'J 4-5.
Sixth heat— H. W. Bquires, Acme. Time,
i 2:30 3-5.
Seventh heat— B. H. Elford, Reliance. Time,
2:30 --.■>.
Kighth heat— A. L. Hoillng, Bay City. Time.
2:28 1-5.
First semi-final— H. Downing, Garden City,
firei ; 11. 11. Freeman, Bay City, Becond. Time,
8:47 4-5.
Second semi-final— G. H. Crafts, Acme, first;
11. \V. Squires, Acme, second. Time, 2:45 25.
Final boat— H. Downing. Garden « ity, first;
11. B. Freeman, Boy City, second." Time,
2:25 4-5.
Ha.f a mile, professional, first heat— H. E.
McCrea, B*v City. Time, 1 :14 4-5.
Second heat— \V. F. Foster, Olympic. Time,
1:20 2-5.
Thin! heat— C. S. Wells, Bay City. Time,
1:16 4-5.
Fourth heat— W. A. Terrill, Bsy City. Time,
1 :24 3-5.
Final hent— C. S Wells, Bay City, first; W. A.
Terrill. Bay City, Becottfl; H. E.'Mc-crea, Baj
City, third. Time, 1 :24 2-">
Adcock's— Adcoclt'B stylish lace hats, $5. H
Kcarny street. •
McNAB`S ROUTE
TO THE BOSS-SHIP
His Complete Plan for Re
organizing the Local
Democracy.
MEANING OF HIS MOVES
Wants the State Central Com
mittee aod Then a New Ma
chine Through It.
DR. GAVIGAN OPENS ON M'NAB.
The New Civil War— Both Factions
of the Party Nominate Conven
tion Delegates.
Last evening both factions of the local
Democracy nominated delegates to the
State Convention, to be voted for at the
respective primaries on the 2Sth and 29th
inst. The nominations were made at
rict club meetings throughout the City.
All in harmony with the Buekleyites
and the nominations made last night will
be ratified with enthusiasm at the pri
mary.
Most of those nominated last night on
the Junta side will be State Convention
delegates too, as these nominations will
constitute the regular tickets which will
be supported by the "inside." There will
likely be several contests at the Junta pri
mary, but the contestants will not have
the election officers. The Junta clubs
nominated only the district delegates. The
hfty-thiee delegates-nt-large which Boss
McNab has arranged for will be nominated
by the executive committee next week.
But the thing of chief interest in the
Junta is the fierce war about Gavin Mc-
Nab, his domination and his programme,
which has broken out in the executive
committee and which daily increases its
terrors.
That executive committee is split wide
open. The new struggle promises to
eclipse any of the preceding ones in the
Democratic machine in bitterness.
The battle has but fairly . opened, but it
appears already certain that McNab and
his chief lieutenant, Chairman Sullivan,
are beaten out of the absolute control they
have enjoyed.
McNab and Sullivan have received a
rude shock and they have received it in
the surprisingly brief space of t me of two
weeks after they had created a email body
which they had" carefully selected, of the
control of which they were sure and to
which they had given absolute power over
the affairs of the faction.
Th« rebellion came quickly, as McNab
raised his No. 17 foot to step on the execu
tive committee to climb high to the
pedestal of the party boss. McNab
prepared to name fifty] or so of the
convention delegates himself, to have
the executive committee carry out
his individual political contracts with
Daggett and to generally run things bo
that he would be on top. A lot of the
members of the executive committee pro
posed to h;ive something to say them
selves, at least in their own districts.
Then they became Beared at McNab's
ambitious programme, which the other
leading spirits in the Junta have not been
able to fathom until within a few days.
Now the ultimate programme is known to
quite a number.
McNab proposes to control the new
State Central Committee and its executive
committee and then through it secure a
committee on the reorganization of the
local party, which would give him control
of the local machine.
His programme is to create another
Deuprey committee, which would ostensi
bly proceed to reorganize, harmonize and
unite the local Democracy, but which
would effect that operation through Mr.
McNab and. departing, leave >im the
pure and noble leader of the Democracy,
posing with one foot on Buckley's neck
and its adjoining region, while all the am
bitious Democrats of the City knelt about
suppliant for nominations.
McNab has the present great tactical ad
vantage of controlling two chairmen —
Chairman Sullivan of the Junta and Chair
man Frank Gould of the 'State Central
Committee. Chairman Gould seems likely
now to become the chairman of the con
vention and McNab will do all in his
power to elect Gould. Gould will help
McNab's programme through at the con
vention as effectively and arbitrarily as he
did at the meeting" of the State Central
Committee, when \V. W. Foote told him
that he was a disgrace to his party.
McNab's programme proposes that
Gould, as chairman of the convention,
shall name the executive committee of the
State Central Committee. Gould would
appoint the committee, but McNab would
name it.
Then the convention, or the State Cen
tral Committee, as may seem expedient,
is to adopt a resolution recognizing the
deplorable split in the local party, declar
ing that the interests of the Democracy
demand a united party in San Francisco,
the party's stronghold, and providing
that a commission of independent Demo
crats be empowered and directed to pro
ceed to create a new party organization in
this City.
McNab and the rest of the Junta leaders
declare as vigorously ac ever that there
will never be any compromise with the
Buckley;tes. Of course not. There is to
be a "reorganization," fair to see and well
spoken of, which will bar from any voice
in party control all but the "decent" peo
ple of which McNab is ready to furnfsh a
list. This would be coantrd on to take the
wind out of Buckley's sails.
But this scheme would annlhilats the
Junta organization as well, and the politi
cally ambitious ones in the Junta organi
zation who have not McNab's favor would
be out in the cold like the Buckleyites.
There are members of the executive com
mittee who see all this and more and they
are not going to hand the works over to
McNab.
In the furtherance of this great pro
gramme, by which McNab proposes to be a
Moses to the Democracy and then its king,
McNab is after State Central Committee
men. The delegates to the State Conven
tion from the various Assembly Districts
will choose their representatives in that
committee. Hence McNab's present
labors are chiefly directed to get
ting nominated and elected delegates who
will elect State Central Coramitteemen to
the liking of himself or his political part
ner Daggett.
There will be a mess of trouble over this
during the next two weeks in various direc
tions, hut the chief trouble now concern*
the Thirty - ninth District, and that
trouble is red hot with a rising tempera
ture.
This district is represented in the execu
tive committee ny Dr. J. W. Gavignn. He
is yet a young man, but has been active in
Democratic politic* since bovhoed and has
always, even in the height of Buckley's
power, opposed both Buckley and Barney.
lie was the only anti-Buckley member of
the State Central Committee in 1884, the
year of the Stockton convention, and has
never affiliated with either one of these
bosses. In the Junta General Committee
J. A. Fentbn, Daggett's lieutenant, con
trols the delegation from that district. Me-
Nab has been exceedingly anxious to have
a Da<2gett delegation elected from that dis
trict that Fenton might be re-elected to
the State Central Committee and to effect
that Droposed a few days ago that Gavi
gan be turned down arid that Fenton be
allowed to name a majority of the delega
tion.
This and some similar moves of McNftb
in the way of running tilings himself
started the anti-McNab combination in
the executive committee which was de
scribed in The Call a few days ago. The
combination was composed of members
who were ready to join in a compact that
would give district control to the indi
vidual commitieemen instead of to Mc-
Nab. The publication of the story pro
duced a good deal of excitement and
hustling. McNab and Sullivan mistakenly
charged Gavigan with giving away the
story of internal discord, and the breach
has rapidly widened until there is a bitter
personal hostility between McNab and
Sullivan on one side and Gavigan on the
other, along with the political lowover
the district. Ed Lanigan and nil his
friends are arrayed with Gavigan and
against McNab and Sullivan, and others,
who are afraid to openly do b , are secretly
waiting h sureopportunity to knife McNab.
A day or two at:o McNab cave out for
publication a story that Gavigan had on
lust Saturday, during the additional en
rollment, turned in 200 names to be placed
on the rolls which were largely those of
dead men. Republicans and Buckleyiter>.
This wan about as much as Gavigan could
s;and, and he has cleared his decks and
gone into action. He asks if it is likely
that he would hand to his enemies in the
district who were members of the can
vassing committee a list of names which
he knew to include stuffers. He declares
that the original roll in his district has
never been seen, and that, though he is a
member of the executive committee, he
has been unable to get a look at it. The
MeNab-Fenton roll ot iifJO names has been
carefully guarded, as have, in fact, all the
rolls in* all the d stricts. Gavigan has
charged, in recent meetings of the execu
tive committee, that the roll in the Thirty
ninth has been shamefully stuffed by Me-
Nabs friends.
This is what Dr. Gavigan had to sny
about the situation and about McNab
when asked about the trouble yesterday:
During the days of Buckley and Rainey's
power I was always found opposed to their
policy as a member of tbf State and County
committees. Every vote or action of mine
during a political activity dating back 10
ISBO, when 1 was elected to the Legislature,
have I opposed the policy of boss rule.
As chairman of the committee on constitu
tion 1 drafted the instrument under wiiich I
am now acting as a member of the campaign
COtnmitte*. As a member of the latter com
mittee I hare opposed Gavin McXab's policy,
because I believe that he is endeavoring to
supplant Mr. Buckley and Mr. Kainey. I have
been of this opinion since I recommended
Judge Maguire for appointment by A. A. Wnt
kins on the committee of twenty-five. Mc-
Nab had Judge Maguire. turned down for oi.c
of his henchmen, I have uinee found ( at, in or
der that lie might better intrench himself as
the com nig boss.
At ihe tirst meeting of the campaign com
mittee I introduced a resolution intended to
purge the then and now stuffed roll of Mc-
Ntib's benehmen in the Thirty ninth District.
McNiib violently opposed the resolution. At
tut- la-<t primary held for the election of com
mittee men in the 1 hirty-ninth District thirty
baHois were cast from an al.eged enrollment,
of 860 electors. I'pon information and belief;
I asserted before the campaign committee that
hilly 390 ol the 300 wereplaced upon the roll j
by McNab henchmen without the consent or
knowledge oi the parties. 1 had hoped to sup
port reputable gentlemen for delegates to the
State Convention and therefore wished the
roll purged. On Monday evening last a do- [
mttnd was made upon McNab's friends in the j
Thirty-ninth for a sight of the stuffed roll with
out success.
In view of the cinch methods of those in ;
charge of affairs in the Tbirtv-rinth District,
the opposition to McNab had their friends sign
pledge cards, of which a list was made and
handed to -me as the member of the campmtMi
commit tee. With the request that I offer it ;o '
those in charge to bo enrolled und canvassed, j
I have reason to lelieve that with possibly
a few exceptions those on the list are genuine
electors and that a cauvass of the list will
show this to be the case. Because of the latter
fact McNab saw defeat staring his friends in
the face. In this dilemma he turn* to his
favorite cry, "Buckley! Buckley 1"
In this case it won't w»rk. Tho people judge
men by their actions, not their mournings.
McNab was Buckley's nominee for Supervisor.
j 1 wa* never connected with Buckley or Kainey.
Buckley and Uaine y are angels compared to
McNnb and his Mephisto or assassin-like ways.
In Mi.Nao's Bulletin publication he refer.s to
my brother Dun being the secretary of Buck
ley's committee. The record of sixteen years
past don't show wherever I co-opersted or
voted with Buckley or Bainey. Can McNnb
say a» much? Can McNab truthfully deny
that he did not solicit and secure the A. I. A.
indorsement for his brother .Tames at the last
election? Can he truthfully deny that he
solicited and secured for J. M. Klein, his nom
inee for Supervisor of the First Ward, the in
dorsement of the A. 1". A. at the last election?
It is t he belief of many that McNab is more
Interested in the election of his brother as
Sheriff than he is In the welfare of the democ
racy. The piiHlcaiitHis referred to show Mc-
Nab to be a coward and an assus?in of chiirnc
te;. I predict that In less t. ■an four months
he will be discredited by the local Democracy.
At the next meeting of the campaign com
mittee, I will demand that a committee be
appointed to canvass the roll of McNab snif
fers in the Thirty-ninth. I have been inter
ested in clean politic?, but until this roil is
purged I will Hot suggest a name for delegate
to the S(ate Convention from the Thirty-ninth.
The pool Is too dirty in Its present state, and it
must be cleaned of McNab.
The row between McNab and Sullivan
and Gavican mid his friends in the execu
tive committee appears to have only fairly
begun.
The district meetings of the Buckleyites
in most districts drew large crowds, while
at many of the Junta district meetings not
a dozen were present. There were many
more candidates among the Buckleyites
than among their rivals. The Junta ap
portionment give:* an even six delegates to
each district, leaving lifty-three at lara;e
Tne Buckley apportionment is based on
Budd votes and gives i'rom live to nine
delegates in the districts and provides for
but one dplegate-at-large, who will be Dr.
Jumes I. Stanton, the Railroad Commis
sioner. On both sides nominees were re
j quired to put up $2 50.
When the lists of Junta nominations
came in last night it was seen that after
all Daggett and Rainey, throueh McNab's
influence, were getting all the delegates
they could ask, and the anti-Kaineyites
began kicking last night. Daggett and
McNab will apparently control the delega
tion along with San Rainey, who will stay
in the background until the convention is
over.
The Jnnta nominations reported last
night were as follows:
Twenty-eighth District— John F. McGovern,
J. Jennings, J. Murphy, E. F. Lacy, L. Hoey,
M. Kodgers D. Connolly. P. Hayes, F. Maher,
F. Stance, W. Stevens, W. Rhaniey.
Twenty-ninth District— August Tillman. John
i Allen, l'aul Struck, Henry Shcehan, J. M.
Strnuss, J. Flannipati.
Thirty-tlist District— D.J. McCarthy, Bernard
Mi'Ardlc, James Sharkey, J. B. Heri.unlle,
Chris llilliard. R. D. Sullivan, J. J. Mebegau.
Thirty-second— Tim Donovan, \V. Aitken. Q,
W. Cook, George McCall, T. Murphy, John T.
Barry. M. O'Connor, Jerry Loary.
Thirty-fourlh— J. T. Dowling. James Hanley,
John Hammond, W. J. Biggv, H. T. Hastings,
H. M. Beatty. John Ileenan, R. L. Flood, Henry
C. PDeU, r.'M. Wellin. i). L. Nesbitt.
Thirty-fifth -F. J. O'Reilly, John Masspy,
N. Scheeliae, John n. Grady, Michael Curran,
Thomas Brcnnnn.
Thirty-sixth— T. J. Lyons, B. 11. Wieners, H.
Joned, J. J. lUordau, Max Popper, James H.
Carroll.
Thirty-6eventh— Thomas J. Burke, W. J. Wff
Mams, R. J. Noonan, M. J. Hughes, Edward
D.-ady, Frank If . Hughes, Thomas J. Walnh,
James Byrne, \V. Haniey, Joseph Nougues,
Henry Campe.
Thirty-niiUh— J. 11. Doolittle, A. T. Vogel
sang, Dr J. \V. O'Rourlte, J. O. Bunnur,
Thomas P. Fenton, Jeremiah V. Coffcy.
Fortieth— M. C. Hassett, Jasper McDonald, C.
J. Sullivan, Osgood Putinan, T. C. Kiordan,
Sidney Van Wycke, P. J. White, \V. J. (Reason,
J. L. Franklin.'Emile I'erry, H. Bmndenstein.
Forty-firs!— John F. Fltzpatrick, I. \\ . Davis,
Charles E. Mooser, W. H. Levy, S. 11. Jacobs,
John N. Much.
Fort y-si-ond— John D. O'Leary, Frank Con
lin, Frank McElrath, Martin Flaherty, John
Murpliy, George Brown.
Forty-third— C. Luhn, William Abbott. M. A.
• Conrad, Samuel l'ohock, H. R. Williar, S. B.
) Carleton.
i F.my-tiJth— Gavin MeNaD, H. Sutliff, Peter
; HoMahon, Isidor Townsend, J. H. M. Spetterly,
( r. A. Finnegan.
Among the Buckleyites any one willing
f to put up |2 50 could go on the ticket and
> be voted for at the primary. The nomi
i rices were many in most districts and were
! reported last night as follows:
5 Twenty-eighth District— James C. Jordan,
- James Ryan, David McKiernau, Michael Kane,
JainesDaly, .T. J. Sweeney, A. P. Mordaunt,
Michael Bishop, Andrew J. Farren, Justus
Herbst, I. H. Goldmever, J. J. Rafferty, Thomas
Howiird. Laurence Conlon.
Twenty-ninth— Henry Btoln, P. H. Cahill, E.
T. Tenant, P. A. Dolan. Morris Kernom, Timo
thy Regan, Robert J. O'Reilly, Thomas T.
Egan, John Usher, P. H. Shandley, James
Magher. Thomas Gibaey.
Tnirtieth— John H. Miller, Dr. H. P. Mulligan,
J. B. M<Cluskey, James A. Stephens Hamilton
Platz. O. J. Meade, Bernard Conway, Patrick
Murphy, J. A. Sophia, John Doyle, Dan
O'Hurley. Henry Barley. Edward Boyd,
Tbomas'Soribner.J. F. Sweeney.
Thirty-first— James H. O'Brien, T. E. Treacy,
James Brady, tins sdnvartzman, Theodore
Milas, M. M.'RatiigHii, George Sweetzer. T. H.
Mahan, John P. Hall, D. D. Lowney, George
Adie, R. H. Burdette, 11. P. Doolan, Dan
Mortality, R. L. Barry, Peter Peterson, D. I*
Flynn, J" I. Bresnahan, 11. S. Nolan, David
Dillon, CassL<j Claire, Ed Mullaley.
Thirty-second— John Hardman, P. F. Dun
don, George Larsen, H. B. Goecken, Thomas
Bailey, James J. Rooney, John F. TwigC,
Thomas MeConnell. James McManus, James
Lucy, 11. Zimmerman, John A. Townlty,
Thomas Floyd, M. McGrath, W. H. Casey, Law
rence McMa'hon, Peter Donnelly, John Buck
ley, Richard Barry, James Mooney. John
Coughlin, Alex Dijeau, Michael Maeee, Mark
Brown, Captain Fred Siebert, R. J. McElroy.
ihirty-third — John O'Brien, Eugene J.
Crane, Thomas Go<lsil, Engene D. Sullivan, \V.
H. C. Mangles, John M. Larroche, Jeremiah
Twomey, M. P. Healey.
Thirty-fourth— Dr. W. D. McCarthy, P. F.
Ward, If. Ault, Fred Raabe, John Kreling,
John M. Sullivan, Thomas Gallagher, James K.
Kenney, M. ('. Hogan, I. Danielwite, Herman
Joost, Martin Keating, W. C. Kisslinj?, John
I)evaney. John J. Sheehan, Jame< McGinn,
James T. Flynn, William Aulman, George
Cruiphton.
Thirty-sixth— Behrend Joost, Leonard Hass,
Thomas Clark, Stephen J. Crowley, John
Burns, A. Barry, William H. Ring, Harry B.
Morey, M.S. Sears, John Grady, Arthur O'Brien,
William Brownlie, Henry l'ilster, James Mc-
Inerny, Andrew J. Cluaie, James Siattery,
Daniel Ward, Thomas Ilannon, Frank Tuites,
Thomns HcL&Ughlin, Frank Carroll, William
Murphy. John DeOthjr, Thomas Naylor.
Thirty-seventh— E. B. Young, E. T. Menehan,
Mart in' Bulger, P. T. Fiynn, John Lenchan,
Matthew 1. Nunan, C. 11. Haddox, W. M.< im k,
Frank J. Fallon, Frank T. Shea, James 0.
Nealon. C, C. Rivers, Harris M. Campe, Peter
Kelly, Henry Doscher, J. W. Fahey.
Thirty-i'ighth— Phil 9. Fay. Joseph Wannem
machef, John J. Dowllttg, M. J. Donovan, J. D.
Powers, Louis Goldstine, J. R. Tobin, Tnomas
Ashworth. John 11. MeGinney, H. Blngham,
Charles \\. Welch, F. G. Peterson, John Mc-
Carthy, John Cooney.
Thirty-ninth — John McCarthy, John A.
Bteiobmcb, Walter Gallagher, Frank Mulloye,
P. Lynch, Charles 11. Murphy, D. M. Gavigan,
William Healey, Joseph A. Baxter, Godlrey
Fisher, Georgt T. Keyes, P. M. Clorkson, D.
Becker, John O. Reis, Philip Bolger, Ed Healey,
l>r K. K. Hill.
Fortieth— Maurice Sch mitt, Joseph P. Kelly,
Nathan Crocker. T. J. Glynn. Robert Haight,
J. B. Mclntyre, Daniel L. Sheerin, Joseph
Rothschild, Charles J. Heggerty.
l^irtv -first — Dr. W. .1. Hryan, Peter F. Dunne,
Reel B. Perry, E. P. Fnrnsworih. Daniel Han
lon. M. J. Allen, Henry Ach, John M. Curtis,
I). A. McDonald, Samuel H. Regensburger. J.
A. Deneen, Thomas Keough, Tnomas A. Mc-
Gowan, Henry M. Owens, James F. Kearney.
Forty-second— Dr. Luke Robinson. Thomas
Kennedy. T. Carl Spelling. E. J. Reynolds,
John W.'Khnn, fleet V. Strother, Charles Mier,
B. T. Mills, E. H. Hanjes, William F. Humph
rey, Frank V. Brooks.
Forty -third— Joseph Clark. Eugene P. Sulli
van, Wiliam Henderson. A. J. Clunie, Hornce-
G. Plstt, A. M. Armstrong, diaries L. Acker
mnii, Samtiel Neuman. Matt O'Donnell, W. V.
Read, Nicholas Blßnken, Henry Dodge.
Forty-fourth — Henry Wreden, Charles Mc-
Carthy, John F. Winters, Dr. 11. R. Morton,
James' A. Devoid, Joseph Valenti, Charles W.
Pqp«, Dennis Sweeney.
1 orty-iifth— Joseph Castro, Peter Thornton,
John Phillips, John Connelly, Stephen San
guinetti, John D. Whaley, Martin Waters.
At the meeting of the Fortieth District
Club the following resolution, offered by
Robert Ferral, was adopted :
./.v-n'i, ./, Thai we pledge our delegates from
the Fortieth District to labor zealously in the
StMe convention to recommend the adoption
of a plank in the platform that the Democratic
party oi the State of California is emphatically
opposed to religious proscription, and as true
eltltem of the commonwealth are heartily in
favor of religious liberty.
Similar resolutions were adopted at some
other district meetings.
CONVICT-DRESSED STONE
Reports That It Is Being Sent All
Over the State.
A special committee of the Granite-cut
ters' Union met last evening to further
discuss the injustice being done to free
white labor by the State authorities turn
inc out dressed granite by the convicts at
Folsom. Several reports were made of
such business. According to the state
merHs larpe quantities of convict-dressed
stone have been and are being sent from
• Folsom to all parts o! the £tate.
For example, a contractor named John
I Spell man of Stockton shipped into Btock
-1 ton two cemetery covings for craves fin
-1 ishea by convicts. The samp contractor
' several months a*ro sent the same kind of
material to Modesto for the McCabe and
Ptitzer monuments enclosure. Another
contractor named Hcrdlan obtained a lot
! of dressed eranite from Folsoni for a
; building on J street in Sacramento.
Protests will be made to the anthorities
of the State against this unfair compe
tition with convict labor. It was reported
! that the convict dressed stone for the Mid
winter Fair monument in the park has
been completely boxed by some one to
iirevcnt it being an eyesore to the public.
Resolutions t banking the pre?s for the
stand taken against convict labor in the
stone-cutting business were passed.
LA VITA.
An Interesting: Italian Publication of
This City Praises "The Call."
That enterprising newspaper, L'ltalia,
is in the habit of presenting its subscribers
with a beautiful eight-page Sunday sup
plement every week, called La Vita.
This supplement differs from most of its
kind, as it is a magazine rather than a
newspaper.
The contents of this Italian publication
are almost entirely literary, the paper on
which it is printed is of the thick maga
zine type and the paper is adorned with
beautiful and artistic copperplate engrav
ings.
To-day's is3ue of La Vita contains,
among other good things, two fine en
gravings of the new Cam, building, one
representing the entire structure and the
other the principal entrance.
There is also a brilliantly written de
scriptive account of the building. Among
the other contents of this week's Vita are
an illustrated article on Padre Michele of
Carbonaro, an interesting account of the
clandestine press in Russia, descriptions
of a pleasure trip in America and of pic
ture galleries in London, and an article on
emancipated woman.
. — • — • .
IVulihril 4 ;..,,.,!.. >i , ;
Daniel O'Brien was arrested yesterday by
Detectives Egan and Silvey and booked at the
City Prison on the charge of grand larceny.
He and two other men are accused of gtealing
the contents of a Model laundry wagon on
Mission street on April 18. It is said he had a
WHgon in readiness and drove off with the
plunder while the lnundrymau was for a few
minutes in the house of a customer.
Burglars In Sherman School.
The library of the Sherman Primary School
On Gough street was broken into last Thursday
evening and a number of knires and khksUUidt
were stolen. The worn is thought to be the
reckless play of several young boys who live
in the neighborhood.
Hinrichs' Reiimtated.
At a meeting ot the Musicians' Union held
last Friday it was resolved that August Hin
richs, the conductor of the Baldwin Theater,
who \as recently suspended, should be rein
stated as v member in good standing to-mor
row week.
l'uxß.v Kn Route.
When the Royal B ue express train rolled
into Camden station from New York, a
few minutes before 4 o'clock yesterday
afternoon. Conductor Bennett was sur
prised to notice a feline passenger he had
put off the train at Wilmington, Del., and
which was water-soaked, slowly crawl oat
between a couple of the vestibuled car?,
shake itself and walk proudly up and
down the platform. It was a remarkably
pretty black cat, and it goi on the train at
Philadelphia. Pussy's objective point
must have been Washington, for as soon
a, the train moved out of Camden station
Officer Wingate saw the cat slyly curl
itself up under one of the trucks of a
passenger-coach and wink one eye as the •
train pulled out of the long shed.
After beine put off the train at Wilming
ton the cat crawled along the trucks to the
engine an.i found a warm place on the
tender. There is where it got its drench
ing, for all express trains on the road take
water while in motion at a point between
Wilmington and Singerly. The cat
seemed attached to the train, and it was
all the engineer could ao to put it off the
tender at Camden station.
SHOOTING A HAT.
The Cowboys Found a Man Who Knew
How to Take and Give a Joko.
As we were nearing Henrietta, Tex., the
conductor came into the smoking-car, in
which about a dozen men were seated, and
after a lOOK around he said:
"Gentlemen, we shall be pretty certain
to pick up six or eight cowboys at Hen
rietta, and they will all come in this car.
They are good fellows, as we all know, but
rather wild. For instance, should they
rind any of you wearing a plug hat they
would "very likely begin shooting at the
hat. Sorry to put you to any trouble, but
I thought I ou-iht to tell you about it."
Five of us were wearing plusis. Four of
us made haste to eet them out of sight.
The fifth was a small, quiet-looking chap
who had the appearance of aconsumptive.
He was reading a book and enjoying his
own company. He looked up, hstenea to
the conductor and then slanted his hat
over his ear and went on reading.
"I thought I'd better speak about it, you
know," said the conductor in an apologetic
way as he lingered. .
"Yes, I heard you," was the quiet reply
of the man addresse i.
"You— you will keep your hat on 7
"I shall." . .
It wasn't our funeral, and so we had
nothing to say. We all took seats on the
other side of the car, however, and as the
train pulled up seven wild cowboys on tne
platform whooped and yelled and came
rushing into the car. They took seats at
front end of the car, while tho plug-hat
man was seated at the rear. It wasn t a
minute before one of the gang shouteo :
"Look at it, will you— look at that hat!
"Shoot it!" yelled the second.
"Gimme tho lirst pop!" yelled a third.
This third man stood up in his seat,
drew his gun and tired six bullets into the
tall hat as fast as you can cotint, making
! six holos whiih were plain to view, riis
; comrades were laughing and applauding,
when the stranger put down his book, rose
up, and there was a pop! pop! pop! from
the pistol in his Land. The cowboy was
Kiill on his feet. A bullet split the lobe of
his right ear, a second the lobe of his left,
a third, fourth, tifth and sixth cut notches
in his sombrero and sent pieces of felt
i (lying in the air. After the reports had
ceased the two men faced each other for
twenty seconds without a word. Then the
plug-hat man calmly inquired :
"Is there anything more I can do for
your crowd?"
"You bet!" heartily responded the other,
Who had seemed a bit dazed. "This 'ere
crowd wants to drink with you and then
1 hey yon learn us how to shoot."
They rushed over to him and shook
hands, begged his pardon for shooting his
hat, and the man with his ears split ad
miringly exclaimed:
"Boys, he could hey put them six bullets
into mv eye, one after another, but he just
wanted to let me live to realize that I
don't know enough to hold a gun right
end fust! Sich shootin' as he did ! Yum !
Yuan ! Dnrn "toy hide, but I never ex
pected to see sich tine work, and this is
the happiest day of my life!" — Detroit
1 Free Press.
•—• — « — »
Vienna's first female physician is Miss
Georgine yon Roth, who now presides
over a high school for officers' wives.
■ 3 NEW TO-DAY.
Jackets,
n ik *wb /t V^ y™^ £T^ '
Dresses,
Wash
Waists==
Just what you're
VCj>) looking for. Our
JJjijPl* strong argument
'-^j? is that you get
.^t^-n^ them just a little
cheaper of us
psi!>-5 (^m'ua?) than elsewhere.
""^akA^^ Perfection of
\rrO style and work-
//f s=i^ I 41) manship at the
'/ . I prices of poorer
sorts.
JACKET SPECIAL.
TAX KKtI.SKY JACKETS -Fine highly
finished cloth that will not spot in
the rain— box-front reefers— pearl
buttons— stylish sleeves. Hedueed (£7.00
from Sll to '. «u> I —
READY-TO-WEAR DRESSES.
STYLISH MIXED CHKVIOTPRKSB-
KS— Tailor marie— Hy-front jackets—
wide skirts— rustle linings— at less
than material to make them would
cost you. Very special price onflj "I /"V.OO
these tip lv
HEAVY BERGK DRESSES— TaiIor- . .
mads— reefer jackets— wide s'slrts—
navy or. black— up to date in every
way— would cost $18 made by a 10.50
dressmaker. Out price «JP-L«.
SHIRT WAIST SALE.
1 The cold weather experienced so far this season
I has been actiinst shirt waist selling, therefore we
tlnd ourselves heavily overstocked. Warm
weather is coming— now is the time that you want
them. It yon need them at all you cannot afford
to over. this ottering —
FIXE SOFT - FINISH PERCALE KfkC
WAISTS—IOO patterns to choose O\J
from— bargain at 75c. Your choice Each
EXTRA FINE PERCALE 1 WAISTS— , rf^G
solid colors— tan, pink or blue, piped • <-*
with white— all sizes. Your choice.. Each
FINEST PERSIAN PATTERN PER-
CALE WAISTS — Latest style—
wblt»-«!parable collars— sold every- G>"l .28
where for $'.!. Our price this sale. <PJ- —
SEPARATE SKIRTS.
SPECIAL SEPARATE BKIRTS-K*-
tra wide— lined with stiff rustling
linings— fine figured mo-
hair*— will lit and nous perfectly— _
r.-ular at ?t>. Our special price this Q0.50
week.. .V"
KELLY & LIEBES,
? 120 KEARNY STREET.
New Cor. Building
Southeast 6th and Folsom Sts.
First-class stores suitable for
drug or French liquor store
also 2 elegant flats of 24 rooms
for lodging-house. .
, __ j .
MANLY VIGOR
c—— -jjC^TV^ r\^ CR MORE In harmony
Tl ft I 1 *£& witll the world, 2000
I liiVJv completely cured men are
I IUSRK^ A singing happy praises for
I |«* zlw, the greatest, grand-
■iALLJilj^^s^J^a , est and most sue-
r^*s ;^^U cessf ul cure for sex-
i iiil^f^^vjNKp na l weakness and
; Tj/\\ikAJN§w lostyiffor known to
) II i't^JsN^-^YvsiwVv m edical science. An
j s^flf^?i V account of this won-
JU*3 derful discovery, in
'C^^K (f/^^k.^a-^ book form, with ref-
'^^isg!jr>£y-jt^' erences and proofs,
<r^- *s^ • will be sent to suf-
fering men (sealed) free. Full manly rigoj.
permanently restored. Failure Impossible,
ERIE MEDICAL CO., BUFFALO.N.Y.WOMEN VOTERS
IN NEW ZEALAND
The Countess Wachtmeister
Talks of Their Suc
cess.
THE FIRST LADY MAYOR
She Gave Ocehunga Good Streets
and Drainage and Saved
Money.
BLAVATSKY'S LAST WISH.
The Noted Lecturer Deplores the
Rtcent Split in Tbeosoph
ical Ranks.
HCountess Wachtmeister, tbe noted theo-
lecturer who arrived here yes
terday, i? fall of enthusiasm for what she
says ure the admirable results of granting
the ballot to women in New Zealand.
"1 have just been spending a yeurlectur-
Countess Constance Wactatmeister, the Great Exponent of Theosoptay.
\Drairn from, a late photograph taken in Australia.]
ing in the Australian colonies, and during
tht.t time I virtually traveled all over Aus
tralia, New Zealand and Tasmania," she
said yesterday. "On all hands in New
Zealand I saw the benefit of women being
able to vote. One admirable result is that
highly respectable men who before held
aloof from politic? are now coming for
ward and making their power felt in pub
lic life.
"The great objection that people urged
batata women were allowed to wield the ,
ballot was that they would vote for their :
fathers, their brothers and their lovers, ,
but that has not proved to be the case in
New Zealand. On tbe contrary, they are
most conscientious in making inquiries
beforehand as to the character of the per
son for whom they are voting, and if there
is any flaw in the roan's character, such as <
drunkenness or kindred vices, they reso
lutely refuse to give him their votes.
This is naturally having the effect of send
ing highly respectable men into the polit- ,
ical arena,"
The Countees spoke thoughtfully and
earnestly, and it was evident Irom tne
readiness with which she cited facts to
6upport her statements by personal ex
periences gained in New Zealand, that she
had observed ana cross-questioned closely
during her tour, bhe is not the sort of
woman, in. any case, to launch out into
hasty enthusiasm, but quite thoughtful
and sympathetic ; her leady flow of lan
guage is the eloquence of the thinker
rather than the mere brilliancy of a clever
talker. The Countess is a genial, unaf
fected little woman and her title and
honors sit very lightly upon her.
When questioned further about women
voters in New Zealand, she said: "I had
the good fortune to be in Christ Church at
the time of an election, and made minute
inquiries, as the subject interested me
much. I discovered that the majority of
the women took an intelligent interest in
politics, but there was a minority utterly ,
indifferent — the vain and frivolous, I sup
pose.
"I was fortunate in meeting the first
lady Mayor, who acted in the capacity of
chairman at one of my lectures. Her
name was Mrs. Yates. She was Mayor of
Onrhunga.
"During her term of office, which only I
lasted a year, she saved the town £800, an j
unprecedented event in that community.
She fulfilled all her duties peafectly and i
saw that even the minutest affairs were
looked into. The people had clean streets
and good sanitary arrangements, and yet \
tbe town was able to Bave £800 under
Mrs. Yates' administration. It just shows '
what a lonian can do. She was a clever, !
agreeable woman and a thorough lady in .
every wav, not one of your 'new' women ;
of the period. She attended well to her j
home duties, too, for she was a woman I
who would do all she undertook to do
well."
The Countess says it pleased her im
mensely to see the success of women in j
New Zealand, because in the theosophical j
philosophy women play quite an equal ;
part with men. "Theo--ophv was founded
by a woman, Mme. Blavatsky," she said.
"1 was her friend and lived with her for '
cix years, and I know that in every way j
she'upheld the perfect equality of women
with men. It is witn sorrow that I j
now come to America a second time to
find that this Theosophical Society, i
founded by Mme. Biavatsky, has been
s-plit into two parts.
"On her death-bed Madame Blavatskv I
entreated me to iry to keep the society j
together — to prevent it from disintegrat
ing—and I promised her tbat I would work j
for the society, which I joined in 1881, un
til my death. Now the Americans have
split off from the old society and have
founded a new one, t«kin£ as president a
ycung Englishman of 25, and it pains me
exceedingly to see the division, as it is in
express contradiction to the wis-hes of
Madame lilavatsky. lam naturally work
ing here for the old society, which has as
its president Colonel H. S. Olcott, an
American and the president-founder of
the whole society.
"Under him there are six sections— the
Indian, European, Scandinavian, Aus
tralian, New Zealand and American. Of
this latter section Alex Fullerton, livins;
in New York, is the general secretary."
Countess Wachtmeister was tendered a
reception last night at Beetboven Hall by
a number of Tbeosophists. She will
jecture to-day in Golden Gate Hall ou
"Death and After."
WAS IT MURDER?
Body of an I'nknovn Man Found In a
Pond in Golden Gate Park.
The body of an unknown man was found
in a pond of water near the end of tbe
speedtrack la Golden Gate Park yesterday
morning. The body had evidently been
in the water some weeks and was so badly
decomposed as to render identification
practically impossible.
The Coroner is unable to determine
j whether the man came to his death by his
| own hand or was murdered. His throat
was cut from ear to ear, and in the left
hand pants pocket was found a two
bladed horn-handled Knife, a bunch of
keys and a razor, apparently new. The
; last-named instrument was in a case, but
! the blade showed streaks of coagulated
' blood. In the right hand vest pocket was
! found a card bearing the name, "H.
i Rinaldo. dears, B6B)£ Market street."
Inquiry at this place disclosed tne fact
that the stranger was not known there.
I It is possible that the unknown man cut
his own throat, put the razor in its case
and then flung himself into the pool of
water. There is a prevailing impression,
however, that murder has been committed
and that when the pool of water where the
body was found dries up another corpse
will be revealed.
FOR A SUBWAY TROLLEY.
Union Iron Works Figuring Cost
for the Market-Street
Company.
Rails That are Already Wired Can
Be Utilized Without Addi
tional Expense.
A. Rosenholz, the inventor of the new
underground trolley system which the
Market-street Railway Company has had
under consideration for some time, has
; received fresh encouragement from the
East.
Two prominent electricians, who have
been here in the interest of the company
operating 150 miles of cable roads in
j Chicago and the New York corj>oration
about to enter into a contract for putting
in the new electric system, pronounce it
• the best underground trolley Bystem
■ extant.
"In looting over the ground," said Mr.
; Poehlman yesterday, "these electricians
! volunteered the opinion that the Rosen
-1 holz patent is the only economic under
ground trolley sy&tem'to be used in this
City— in fact, in any city. They so m
, formed the Market-street Company and
the Union Iron Works, which concern is
figuring with the railway people on the
cost of converting the cable lines into the
, buried trolley sysem.
"It will be recalled that several months
ago the Market-street company went to
the expense of wiring the rails on Market
street as far up as -McAllister street. Every
, one knows the intention was to construct
an overhead trolley eyetem. But they
won't. The people wouldn't stand it, and
the company knows that is so; hence the
readiness with whim the under-ground
i system was embraced.
'The electricians have given their opin
ion that the expense of wiring the rails
will not be a loss. The same wirine can
be utilized in laying the Rosenholz trolley
without additional cost.
"When the various parties interested
get through figuring it is highly probable
the underground trolley will be put in ex
tensive operation on the streetcar lines of
the City. As a resident of San p>ancisco
i only hope- we will have it before Chicago
and New York."
Rosenholz is a San Franciscan and was
employed in the electrical department of
the Union Iron Works. He superintended
the electrical work on the Oregon, and his
work was highly commended Dy the Gov
ernment inspectors.
Xoted Temperance Orator to Speak.
The celebrated orator, John G. Woolley. who
has been lecturing very extensively all over
the United States, is to speak in the cause of
temperance to-morrow and Tuesday eren
ings at the Metropolitan Temple. He
has st>oken In many ol the largest cities of
California during the past month, and every
where crowded houses have greeted him. Mr.
Woolley is a lawyer by profession, and once
received m fee of ir's<X( for a speech occupying
about five minutes, he winning his "ease
thereby.
For Young Men
To-day at 3 o'clock C. C. Michencr of New
York, of the international force of secretaries
ol the Young Men's Christain Association,
will address yo'ing men exclusively at the
Christain Association ball, Mnson and Ellis
street*. AH young men welcome.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY 17, 1896.
RICHMOND HAS
GOOD PROSPECTS
Bay District Racing-Track
Will Close Forever
in June.
BIG JOB OF GRADING.
Two Thousand Building Lots to
Be Thrown on the Real
Estate Market.
ALL STREETS TO BE IMPROVED.
Over Three Million Dollars Will B-
Expended in Opening Streets
and Grading.
In a quiet way the Richmond District
has made steady progress during the past
few years. In proof of this, T. G. Parker,
a real-estate man on Point Lobos avenue,
points to the iact that where building lots
in his vicinity were offered for sale five
years ago at from $W0 to $- r >«), the same
property is now worth from $1000 to $IXKJ,
and, even at this advanced scale, they
would be worth considerable more if the
Park Commissioners would expend a por
tion of their appropriation in improving
that thoroughfare. As it is, Point Lobot<
avenue has the apcearance of a neglected
country road. In addition to this the
Market-street Railroad Company, with it 3
characteristic indifference to public
opinion, perm its its old rusty rails to re
main in position on the center of the road
from First to Thirty-tirst avenues, where
they had been placed years ago for the
purpose of preventing anybody else from
operatine a useful streetcar iine there.
Another case of monopoly indifference
Ea painfully manifest on Eighth avenue.
where the steamcars used to run from
Central avenue and California street to
the Park, but which have been abandoned
for over two years, yet their rails are per
mitted to remain ttiere much to the incon
venience of men who have been engaged
during the put week ou Seventh avenue
grading it Irom Point Lobos avenue to the
park entrance. The portion of the street
wiiicti is graded is monopolized by some
of Mr. Yimng's idle car-tracks, and in
order to open the street to team- grail ing
must be done on either side of tde track.
Ti;e undertaking represents considerable
work, and it will oe several weeks before it
mil be finished.
When ttm is done Richmond will then
have two t.oroujrhfares ieaaingto tto park
entrance, and will be greatly uenetited by
the imi.roveiLscnt.
Tliis district has heretofore been sadly
neglected. First avenue is in an almost
impassable condition. Home want the av
enue put m proper condition and otners
are opposed, but between the two con
tending elements and a franchise for a
steam railroad held by the Marketf-trfet
monopoly the avenue remains an eyesore
and a source of annoyance to the people
of the Ruhmond district.
In addition to all those troubles, the
contractor who laid down the three-foot
wooden stringer* through the sand has not
fully compiled with the requirements of
the contract, as can be seen by the follow
ing notification sent out from the Street
fc-uperintendeut's otiice to those affected :
Yon will kindly notify the people in your
district, through your club, not to par any
money to J. J. O'Connor for constructing
plAnk sidewalks. Those he has already down
: and is collecting for are not laid according to
specifications, Money should not be paid until
an assessment is made from this office. Several
complaints have been made here, and I there
fore make this request. Yours respectfully,
Thomas AavWOBTH,
Superintendent of Streets.
One of the obstacles against the general
welfare of the Richmond Valley was the
Bay District race grounds. This is at last
doomed, and in less than two weeks or by
the first of June the days of the old racin'u
grounds at First avenue will be over. For
more than two years Warren iV Mailey
have been under contract to grade this
' and adjacent property, but successive ex
: tensions of th 9 leape have prevented the
beginning of tie operations.
All impediments will have been removed
' by the end of this month, and on the Ist
I of June the contractors will start on one of
j the largest grading jobs they have ever
; undertaken. Their operations will cover
, an area of over2ooo lots, exclusive of streets
1 and crossings. The territory to be im
proved lies within the boundaries of First
and Fifteenth avenues and A and D streets.
The contract covers the properties of the
Crocker and Stanford estates, the W. V.
Huntington tract and the lands of the San
Francisco Land Company, besides lots be
longinp^to smaller owners.
The intention is to put the whole prop
erly into hrst-class building condition.
The streets will be graded, macadamized
and sewered. The lots will be raised or
lowered to conform with the official grade
and then clayed or manured to prevent
drifting. Fences will be built around each
' block.
The magnitude of trie enterprise can
be imagined when it is stated that a mil
lion cubic yards of sand will have to be
removed, that the work will take eighteen
months to compleie, and that the cost of
the job is estimated at $300,000.
Work will regin at the more westerly
i portion of the land to be gTaded. In order
to prevent drift from shifting sands
I through winds the contractors will take
the precaution of covering a tier of blocks
, yet further west with clay and manure,
so as to keep their own work clear and
free.
The effect of this enterprise on realty in
Richmond will be very beneficial. With a
t dozen »r more streets openeJ from Point
Lobos avenue to the park grounds, the
, beauty of the district, and its desirability
'■ for residence purposes will doubtless be
: sufficiently apparent to inaugurate a build-
I ing boom throughout the entire area, par
! ticularly wnen all the streets are graded
I and sewer facilities are provided, which
I will be within the next eighteen months.
' Then Richmond's hope for a grand future
is expected to begin.
WILL PRAY ALL NIGHT
How the Orthodox Will Observe
the Advent of the Feast
of Weeks.
Confirmation Services to Be Held at
the Various Synagogues To-
Morrow Morning.
Shevuoth, or the Feast of Weeks of the
Jewish church, will be ushered in with
sundown this evening.
This holiday takes its designation from
the fact that its date is fixed by reckon
ing a week of weeks, or forty-nine days
from the second night of the Passover or
Pesaoh.
At this time, under the ancient customs
of the people of Judea. it was customary
to bring to the temple the first measure of
barley as an offering, together with an
offering of the first ripe fruits.
This date is also the anniversary of the
giving of the ten commandments to Moses
on Mount Sinai.
On the eve of this holiday the orthodox
Jew refrains from retiring to sleep. In
stead he passes the hours between twi
light and dawn in reading portions from
the laws of Prophets, Psalms and parts of
the Zohar, one of the Cabbalistic books.
At the tirst glimmer of daylight he be
gins and NfMftta throughout tbe full
morning schedule of prayers.
Two days are observed by the orthodox
and conservative, while the reform Jew
deems one day sullicient to mark his piety
and loyalty to Judaic rites. The modern
Jew celebrates tiii- uay by decjrating the
synagogue with flowers and plants, and
connrmauon services for boys and ems
are heid in the various synagogues.
These services have now assumed a
prominent part in the observance of
Shevuoth, ana the sight of the confession
of faith by tbe young ot both sexes is bath
a pretty" and impressive one. Such ser
vices vvill be lield at all the synagogues on
Monday morning.
At Bberitb Israel's Synagogue, on Tay
lor and I'ost streets, and at the Temple
Emair.:-K!, on Sutter street, special ser
vices will be held this evening. For the
former Cantor l'avis has prepared an eiab
orate musical programme, and Rabbi
Nieto will deliver a lecture on "Religion
trie Basis of All Legislation."
FAMILY LEFT TO STARVE.
Peter Clerc, a Laborer, Deserts
His Children and Dis
appears.
Once a Soldier, at Last a Drunkard
Whose Family Were in Rags
ard Destitute.
Peter Clerc. ■ laborer at Fort Point, dis
appeared from his home at 15 Pixley ave
nue, off Filimore street, near .Filbert, last
Tuesday. He left five young children des
titute and starving, and has not been seen
or heard of since.
His daughter fears that he committed
suicide, as he bad dissipated and grown
discouraged.
Frank Kane, secretary of the Society
for the Prevention of Cruelty to Children,
discovered the abandoned children yester
day, and says that in all his experience he
never before encountered such a pathetic
case.
Hfl found Nora Clerc, a girl of 16, with
her brothers— lvlward, Peter, James and
George, age: 11. I^', in and 8 respectively—
utterly neglected, hungry, filthy and in
rairs.
The mother died three year* ago, leaving
nobody to care for them or to keep a
house over their heads. The place they
lived in, over a stable, was in a reeking
state. In the kitchen stood a dilapidated
stove, a battered old table, but no dishes,
knive*, forks, chairs or cooking ntensils.
The sitting-room had but an old, broken
down sofa, and the two bedrooms a rickety
bedframe in each with rags for bedding. "
There was not a blanket in the house.
Everything was dirty — everywhere tilth
and refuse covered the iloora and it all
gave out noisome odors.
The children themselves were no better
off, for rag? covered their bodies that pre
sented a pitiable sight.
Secretary Kane removed the boys to the
Youths' Directory and left the girl with a
neighbor until he finds a home for her
Monday.
Peter Clerc, the father, was by trade a
batcher. He joined the United States
army in 1860 and remained a soldier until
1353. rising to the rank of first sergeant of
a battery of the First Artillery. In 18S3
he was dishonorably discharged by general
court-martial at the Presidio. His papers
show that he sustained an '•excellent"
character almost to the last in the army,
but throw no light upon the cause of his
discharge.
Then he became a laborer. He worked
around the Presidio ana at odd jobs in
that vicinity.
Three weeks ago he went into town and
received money due him for work. He
got drunk and was arrested, and upon his
release returned home and told his daugh
ter about 1.8 doing?. Tuesday last, at »i
a. m., he left his house and went nobody
knows where. He owed bills everywhere
he could get credit near his house and
spent his earnings on liquor.
The children said yesterday they had
not had a meal in the house for a month.
They depended on neighbors for food. In
the morning Edward fell upon the street
from exhaustion. He wan taken up by a
kindly woman and fed. He said his broth
ers and sisters were just as sick as himself
irom starvation. - '
PLUNGED INTO THE SURF
Mrs. Swanson Makes an Unsuc
cessful Attempt to End
Her Life.
Deserted by Her Husband She Con
duied Tint Life Was Not Worth
the Living
Left penniless in a strange city, without
friends on whom she could re!}' for assist
ance, and despondent throngh ill treat
ment received at the hands of her hus
band, Mrs. Sophia Swanson yesterday aft
ernoon plunged into the surf at Bay View,
fully determined to end her unhappy ex
istence in the cold waters of the bay.
Fortunately, however, but contrary to
her wishes, John Mau, who was strolling
along the beucii, witnessed the attempt at
suicide and he immediately rushed into
the water and dragee! the drowning
woman to a place of safoty.
A patrol-wapon was then summoned
and Mrs. Swanson, who by that time had
fully recovered from the effects of fcer icy
bath, was taken to the Potrero police sta
tion. A few nours later (ieorpe Smith,
who resides at the corner of Thirty-nrst
street and Railroad avenue, although a
total stranger to ths woman, but a man of
charitable disposition, had her removed to
his home.
Mrs. Swanson will remain with her
benefactor until she either receives aid
from relatives in Germany or obtains em
ployment and is able to provide a livine
for "herself.
Up to a few months a.o Mrs. Swnnson
had been living with her relatives in
Europe and it was at her husband's bid
dine; that aha came to this City.
She was cere but a short time, however,
when she was deserted by the man who
should have been her provider and pro
tector. He went to QiJroy, and contrary
to expectations did not send for her, as he
had promised, and even failed to forward
money for the woman's support. Mrs.
Swanson then searched for employment,
but being unsuccessful determined to end
her life, but fortunately for her she failed.
Wilmerdlng School.
When the Board of Regent* meet next week
the representatives of the Merchants' Associa
tion aud Mechanics' Institute will present
the claims of San Francisco to the Wilmerding
School of Arts. Among the sites offered for
the school are three from Mayor Sutro. The
Mayor states that the best block he has to do
naie is an acre of iami between A and It streets
aud Klghth Mnd Ninth avenues. The other
two lots &re south of the park and be considers
tnem less desirable.
WAS PRESIDENT
AND DICTATOR.
Arrival of Manuel L. Baril
las, the Famous Ruler
of Guatemala.
WORTH MANY MILLIONS
His Coffee Plantations Embrace
More Than 60,000 Acres Near
Quezaltenango.
STORY OF HIS STRANGE LIFE.
The Expedition, He Says, Is to Be a
Success— ls Barrios' Friend and
Out of Politics.
Ex-President and Dictator Manuel L.
Barillas of Guatemala was among the ar
rivals here on the City of Sydney yester
day and is at the Palace. The ex-Presi
dent is accompanied by his partner and
managpr, Pedro Bruni, by Miss Hruni and
Dr. J. Kosal. Mr. Barillas besides being !
an ex-President has been Dictator of
Guatemala.
He is a distinguished-looking man of
medium height, heavy build and with i
ihick, iron-gray hair and a mustache and '
goatee slightly touched by frost.
It is the fir^t time he has ever been in
the Unite! States, and he has never been
to Europe or elsewhere. The man who
had power enough to make himself Presi
dent and Dictator of Guatemala i* a native
of yuezalteiiango, where he was born lifiy
one years ago, and this is the first time he
has ever been out of bis native land.
He is vastly rich, for he owns more than
300 cavalerias, or over (jO.OOO acres, of mag
nificent coffee lands, roost of wtich is
down in bearing coffee trees. His coffee
cron averages 2,000,000 pounds a year.
BwidM ttii-j -a-a setate, which lies 100
miles from Guatemala City and on which
i the ex-President lives in almost regal
splendor, be owns many business houses
ami residences in Guatemala City and
l^uczaltenango and elsewhere, besides
houses on California street, this City.
His property as a whole is valued at $*;,
-000.000.
The famous Central American speaks no I
Knglish, but through nis partner and |
manager, Mr. Bruni, as interpreter, he
told something of his intentions, with the
latest news of Guatemala.
•What is exciting much interest in my
country now," he said, "is the Central
American Exposition, which is to open
at Guatemala City on March 15 next and.
continue for four or five months. The ■
Government is going to spend about $10,
-000,000 in aid of it. All the buildings of
t tie Bordeaux Exposition have been
I lot 2,000,000 francs and brought
over by steamer to Guatemala City.
"Beautiful grounds have been obtained
and we are pfff ring to have a roaeniti
cen*. exposition of the varied interests of
j Central America. The United States and
other countries have been invited to
exhibit there also. From all indications
the exposition will be a great ?ucces3.
"Under the administration of President
Barrios, who is a warm personal friend of
mine, Guatemala is quite prosperous. I
loot for it to continue so.
"Kver since my ietirement from tne
office of President I have been living or.
my plantation near Quezaltenango. I oc
cupied the Presidential chair ei^ht years.
Prior to that 1 was for fourteen years com
mander-in-chief of the army and Governor
of the Department of the Occident. Hold
ing the position of commander ns long a*
1 did, I found it impossible to leave. I
could not have traveled abroad then had I
desired.
"I have retired now from all political
offices. I expect to be in Han Francisco
and other parts of California for probably
three weeks, and will then see the Eastern
cities and Europe, being gone probably six
or seven months."
Ex-President Barillas' son. T. J. Baril
la*, who is ■ student here, was the earliest
caller on the diMintrnistied man, ami h;.«
been with him ever since. The ex-Presi
dent's eight years at the head of the Gov
ernment expired in March. 1890.
Pedro Bruni, who is the manager for the
ex-President and dictator, denies that the
ex-President acquired his largo fortune in
politics. He says he owned the 60,000
acres long before he became President.
Mr. Barillas servos first for two years as
vice-President, then he was President for
live years more, and finally proclaimed
himself dictator, and served one year.
His friend says he was the' only President
who did not go out of ollic; without a
revolution.
The ex-President is a firm man. Hav
ing been so long at the head of tbe army
beiore he became President he knew how
to hold dow n his job.
A CORN STORE FOR ENGLAND.
What I« Needed to Make the Food
Supply Secure.
Strong as the Knglisb war fleet is. it is
very far from being strong enough to suc
cessfully engage a possible combination of
fleets, and at the same time protect our
sea-borne food supply. If the United
States and Russia declared war with Eng
land tliere would practically be no food
supply left to protect. They would keep
the immense supplies we now get from
them at home, and the fear of capture or
destruction would effectually prevent Ar
gentina and other neutrais from sending
food to us in any sufficient quantity.
What is wanted is that instead of only a
precarious week's supply, we snould have
stored up in this country enough corn to
last for at least twelve months. Experts in
the corn trade flgree that there would be no
insuperable difficulty in gradually accumu
lating this store of corn; it would be for
experts to advise as to the best methods
ami places of storage.
Perhaps the best plan would be to dis
tribute it over the country in magazines at
the military depots, giving the military au
thorities charge of it; but if it was in the
country and safe it would not so much
matter where ii was. Altbougn most ot
our corn is made into Hour at the great
ports, it would not be wise, seeing tbat
most of them are defenseless, to store it
there.
The entire control and management of
this great national store of corn should be
under some permanent Government de
partment. Although its existence could
not fail to have a steadying effect on the
corn market, it should be outside all
speculative influences, the price at which
it would be sold, when necessary to sell it,
being fixed by law. It would be no sacri
fice, in the long run. for the country to
provide such a reserve for food, as it would
always be worth its cost.
Other nations accumulate gold for use
in war time; we should have a war chest
of corn. If we have it what will it do?
It will give our navy time to devote itself
to the crushing of the navy or navies op
posed to us; it will give us time, with our
great resources, to augment our fighting
fleet to almost any extent, and it will give
our farmers time to grow three or four
times as much corn and breed a much
larger quantity of cattle and sheep than
they now do.— Nineteenth Century.
Some interesting discoveries have re
cently been made about animal life on the
Hawaiian Islands. It appears that all the
land and fresh-water shells are peculiar to
the locality. Fifty-seven out of the sev
enty-eight species of birds and 700 out of
the 1000 species of insects do not exist in
*ny other portion of tbe globe.
NEW TO-DAT.
Dr. Edison's
Obesity Remedies
Take Off
Fat Fast!
You Can Be Made Thinner, More Healthy j
and More Comely by the Use of Dr. ;
Edison's Obesity Pills, Fruit Salt and ,
Bands for Fat People— They Have
! Cured Thousands and Will Cure You.
j TnE ABOVE PORTRAIT REPRESENTS
I •*■ Mr«. Mollie Bensley Hayes, widow of the late
I Hon. 11. W. Hayes, who writes thus from her resi- .
; dence in this city: "I r Edison's Obesity Pills and
j Fruit Salt have In two months reduced me 41
■ pounds in flesh and weight and cured me ot |
j stomach and kidney trouble, which had assumed :
i a most, serious aspect."
Mrs. Hhoia Huntley Motley, Trinidad avenue,
writes: '-For too fat abdomen, hips and lower
Ulßba 1 took Dr. Kdis'jn's obe^ily rills and Halt. ]
In live weeks they gave metlie form I coveted,
rid me of '29 pounds surplus flesh and cleared my ;
complexion. 1 '
The Key. Stephen Crane Haysted, writing from ,
the Pastors' Club, says: "In four weeks Dr. Edl- ;
son's Obesity Band made rue live inches smaller j
I around the abdomen."
Dr. Kdison'a Obesity and Supporting
Band.
! NO ■•SAR < SAI'AIULLAS," "NERVINES,"
> •TOXICS" OR OTHER SPRING OB SUMMER
MEDICINES NKOESBARY WHEN THESE
REMEDIES ARE USED. They cure chronic
All uses of tne heart, liver, kidneys and stomach,
and TAKE THE PLACE OF ALL FEMALE
REMEDIES A.ND REGULATORS.
Dr. Edison's Pills. Salt and Bands will help
' you ice: thin and well quickly and safely. only
' Obesity Remedies admitted lit the World's Fair,
i No Rigid I>ie:inß. No PurjrinK. So Inconvenience.
NoDaneer. .No Loss of 'lime. Perfectly Harm-
less. Obesity Fruit Sail. $1 a bottle: Obesity Pills,
111 50 a bott'.e: Obesity Bauds, $2 50 and up.
i Measure as indicated by figures on cat.
'•How to Cure Obesity" sent free to fat folks
i everywhere. Lorin: * (o.'s CHICAGO MED-
! ICAL DEPARTMENT will advise you. without
: charge, about your obesity or any other disease.
I
GENERAL AGENTS:
OWL DRUG CO.,
San Francisco and Los Angeles,
j Lorlng & Co., Proprietors. Dept. 89, No. 115 State
street, Chicago.
Lone/ Neck
tS * ye&t th,n<j but a /oqj /}ee\&"
tsJbpf/er £o/7pAe* efpcf /)po/>/p
into yooc) (n/nas
Here are *fe*vyoocf /6/n&s //7
• ST&ZUWG SILVfR
\ -far/my St/*Pr So/t Spoons to*
. , Stef/,ny S/'/se/- tfaf Afar As /St
• Strr/iny S/'/yer Coffpe Spoons Bs*
Ster/ing S/'fver ? O/Tit/ea" Poctfet
; fn/ves sOt
\ : Ster/i,yq Si/of r Sen/s nn r /n,{,nl SOt
) stpf/in<f Scarf tfo/c/ers ?Q<
. Lor ye' Si z r tn</, es' Orrsunp fo/nds,
1 ?ter/,',-<f St/\npf Mount 7 S*
' Hunrfrpffs of pfbf>rlvOyf£.7/£Sftf %
'fry /«,.„ pfffS
\ _
i t trr//7(/,s}j nrtrf r<y>Oir//7y A'ttx.or-y
OnJ sAf/yrs 6 f s*'t/et/ n, vc/ian/'c $
/I Sprc/of/p '
' 818-820 MARKET ST.
CANCER CURED
Mr*. C. A. Hammers, Selma, Cal., May 2, 1896. writes as follows :
For four year* I suffered from a cancer growing on the side of my forehead. The
canrer grevrand grew so large that I thought it would surely eat into my brain and
kill me ; and 1 'was almost crazy to think 1 could not tind any relief.
I doctored for months with the bent doctor in town, and for several months for
two years 1 left my home to go to a specialist in Los Angeles. This specialist could
not do me any lasting good ; my head would heal up for a short time, but after I
cauio home the last time the cancer began to eat my face just below my eye. .
And then I was in despair, for I felt sure that nothing on earth could cure me,
and I might be blind and insane. And 1 trif-d every remedy 'any one and every one
could tell me. One day a friend told me of the wonderful cures of the RADAMS
MICROBE KILLER, and I never rested till I got some little in » bottle to take home
with me and try it. I applied It to my eye and forehead as directed and took a dose,
anil 1 can truly tell you 1 slept that night for the first time in months, without pain.
I have used the Microbe Killer faithfully for over a year now, and my forehead
and face are healed and well and there is no scar. I wish to say 1 feel so grateful for
the good it has done me.
1 hope you will publish this testimonial, and it may be read by some other suf-
fering woman and lead her to be cured.
All disease is caused by Microbes. RADAMS MICROBE-KILLER is the only
remedy yet discovered that purities the blood by killing the microbes in the human
body without injury to the system, hence it cures ALL DISEASE-). This has been
proven In the District Court of Travis County, Texas ; Supreme Court of New York
City, and Correctional Tribunal of Paris, France.
Pamphlets, Microscopical Examination and all Information at Main Office,
RADAMS MICROBE KILLER COMPANY,
1340 MARKET STREET, SAN FRANCISCO.
I^o^ MANHOOD RESTBREDS=
W<^'&\ **9\ d tionoi a famous French physician, will quickly cure v u of all ne'r-
Vl\ /(A) "\T J oua or. d *s'-asea.of the generative organs, such as Lost Manhood,
v. £SC] \r .J^\ Insomnia, Puinsin the Buck, Seminal .Emissions. Nervous Debility
I m^L T <ORk P:mp:es, Unfitnesa to Marry, Exhauetin* Drains, Varicoeele and
\^ jP V -/ Constipation. It stor>s all losses by day or night. Prevents quick
>% »»— ' nessoi discharge, which If not checked leads to SpermatorrhtEa and
BEFORE and AFTER *•■ the horrors of I mpotency. CUPID*:*!: cleanses theliver, Ul4
c»E.r unL and Mr 1 en . kidneys and the urinary organs of ttllim parities.
1 CUPIOENE strengthens and restores small weak organs.
The reason sufferer: are not cured by Doctors is because ninety per cent are troubled wttn
Pro*latlf!». CDPlDENEistheonly known remedy to cure without an operation. 5000 testimonC
•Is. A written grnarant««e (riven and money returned If six boxes does not effect a permanent cur*.
§1.00 a box, six for $5.00, by mall. B»>nd for raKE circular and testimonials. *
' Address DATOL MEDICINE CO., 1170 Market street, San Francisco. Cal. . Forsaleb*
BROOKS' fUAKMACV, 118 PoweU stre*.
- ■ ■ ' ' ■ - "-■■.■:
- _ WEW TO-PAT: • r^ ji^
\\ 1 NOLAN BROS.
I % \ SHOE CO.
NEVER BEFORE
Was there such a demand for
TAN SHOES!
STORE CROWDED ALL THE TIME!
I We have the largest stock of the very latest
Up-to-Date
IT-A-T^ SHOES
I And also Black Shoe*. Yon have no trouble to be
fitted and suited in our store, as we have
ALL STYLES I
ALL SIZES!
ALL WIDTHSI
KB AT WHOLESALE PRICES!
Call and see our latest style Tan Shoe*, They
will surprise you. If you want to be In It yon
; must wear pair of our
NEEDLE - TOE TAX SHOES!
. They Are Beauties.
LEADERS FOR THIS WEEK!
1 Ladles' Fine Tan Kid, brown cloth top or tan
kid top. button or lace nhoes, latest strl«
extremely pointed needle toes or narrow
square toes, latest style tips, flexible sewed
soles , $2 50 per pair
Same aa above in Ladles' Spring-Heel Shoes.
Ladies' Fine • Tan Oxford Ties, turn soles,
pointed or square toes #1 per pall
Ladles' Fine Tan Kid. Brown Cloth Top Ox-
ford or Southern Ties, tnrn soles, pointed
or square toes '.. $1 5U per pair
Ladles' Extra Quality Tan Kid Brown Cloth
Top Oxfords or southern Ties, turn soles,
latest style pointed needle toes, French
heels ....". 92 50 per pair
Children's and Misses' Tan Goat Button Shoes.
brown cloth top* or all tan. square toes and
tips, spring heels.
Sizes ft to 8 90e
i Sizes 8% to 11 $100
. BUM 11% to 2 $125
Same as above In Black Shoes.
j Children's Finest Quality Tan Russet Goat
Lace Shoes, pointed toe and tips, spring
heels.
Sizes 5 to 8 $1 00
Sizes si a to 11 125
Sizes Ilv3 to 1 1 BO
All the Very Latest Up-to-Date
GENTS' TAN SHOES,
GIVEN AWAY!
A Rubber Ball or Base Ball
With Every Purchase.
Rend us your address and we will mall you a
; Catalogue. _____
WE HAVE NO BRANCH STORE ON
, MARKET STREET.
i Mail orders receive prompt attention.
SHOE CO.
812-814 MARKET STREET,
9 and 11 O'Farrell St.,
PUELAN BUILDING.
Long Distance Telephone 5527.
.■■ -- -
§J W $ PRIVATE DISPENSARY.
CI'ECIAI.TY— I) IS KASES OF MEN. INCLri).
• _• all forms of Blood, Skin and Nervous Din-
easts of a private nature. Over years' experience.
; ■ Book sent fre.\ l'ati«-nts curort in Mom.-. Terms
] reasonable. Office Hours. !* to 3 daily: 6:30 to 8:30
eve nines. Rnnday*, 10 to 12. Consultation £re«aod
sacredly confidential. Caltoraddn ,■<
P. KOSCOi; JIrMITY. M. !>„
26V Kcain.v Ktrvel, .San Franciscu, Cal.
IRON BEDS,
lgj_ ■ . J» BRASS BEDS.
P^"*~ *y FOLDING BEDS'
Wire and Hair Mat-
tresacs, Kecliain<
8 Chairs, Wheel Cnair*.
"T+'" 1 Commodes, Back Res:*
I < ffHftflf W. A. SCHROCK.
UUA } | — 21 —
ifc^^. iZC^astß New Montgomery
gr a^- I~' t J St., under 4iraua
*^ Hotel, S. IT.
910
THE WOMAN-SLAYER AGAIN AT WORK
An Old Lady's Throat Cut
While Sitting in Her
Own Room.
THE CRIME WAS COOLLY
PLANNED.
The Assassin Washes His Hands
and Departs Unmo
lested.
A BOOK AGENT IS UNDER
SUSPICION.
A Young Man Named Blanther, Who
Visited Her on the Night of the
Murder, Being Looked For.
A murder having the elements of cold
premeditation and the horror of reckless
butchery was committed in the upper
front room of the elegant residence of Tst.
C. A. Kleineberg, 1225 Geary street, Fri
day night.
Mrs. Philippina Langfeldt, an old lady
who occupied the rooms as a patient of Dr.
Kleineberg, was found yesterday morning
lying face downward upon the floor, her
head almost severed from her body.
Her fingers were stripped of rings,
valued at about $300, and an uncertain sum
of money, perhaps ?50, which was known
to have been in her possession, was miss
ing.
She had been entertaining Friday even
ing a young gentleman of recent acquaint
ance named Bianther and about whom
nobody seems to know much. He was
not heard to leave the hou?e; indeed, no
sound was heard to issue from the room
during the ni^ht.
Patrolman T. H. Atchison, in his re
port, gives to the case that feature of mys
tery upon which the story of "The Mur
der ir. Rue Morgue" was built. The
reasonable avenues of escape ol the mur
derer were all cut off.
Ate hison was the first man to enter the
room, and he declares that the bolts to
both doors were slid upon the inside, the
inside shutters all closed and windows
down, save those looking out upon Geary
street. Exit from these meant climbing
down the iront doorposts.
The murder of Mr 3. Langfeldt was the
tragic ending of a remarkable career. She
was a woman of culture and considerable
means, had been three times married and
livoroed. For twenty years she was,
with her husband, a leader among the
German-American nabobs of Japan.
At <>'.* years of age, ieeble from disease,
she still craved entertainment and society,
and had a number of regular callers, who
sought her for her amiable and entertain
ing qualities.
Mrs. Langfeldt dined with the family of
Dr. Kleineberg on Friday evening, as was
her daily habit. She was assisted np the
stairs to her room by Mrs. Kleineberg
about 7 o T c!ock. Piip sai 1 she was expect
ing the young man Blanther to call upon
her that evening. Later, a little after 8
o'rlock, Blanther came and was heard to
go up and enter Mrs. Langfeldt's room.
The sleeping-room of Dr. and Mrs.
Kleineberg is just back of the two large
front rooms of Mrs. Langfeldt. They
retired about 11 o'clock. Dr. Kleineberg
remained awake, reading for some time,
and heard some one come down with
heavy tread from the room overhead. At
that lime it occurred to him that he had
heard a lighter step down the single flight
of ~tairs shortly before that, but the im
pression is vague.
Before retiring to bed, he steeped into
the hallway and listened for any sound
from Mrs. Langfeldt's room, heard none,
supposed the old lady's visitor had de
parted, and so put out the li^'ht in the hall.
At half-past 8 o'clock yesterday morn
ing Susie Miller, the serving girl, knocked
at Mrs. Langfeldt's door for the purpose of
banding in the customary morning cop of
coffee. There was no answer and she re
ported to the doctor. There are two doors
leading into Mrs. Langfeldt's rooms from
thehaliway; both of them were locked.
The girl reported to her master and Dr.
Kleineberg went up with his little son.
Opening the window at the end of the hall
the little boy stepped out on the portico
over the door from which he could lean
over and see through the window of Mrs.
Langfeldt's room. He gave but a glance
and drew back. Trembling and frightened
he was lifted into the hallway, saying:
"She is murdered; she is dead!"
A telephone message was sent to police
headquarters and a few minutes later Po
liceman Atchison responded. He climbed
into the room by the means described.
The apartments of Mrs. Langfeldt are
two large rooms with slid.ng doors be
tween, which were seldom closed. Her
body was found lying face downward in
the front room, the head toward the win
dow, the feet just across the threshold of
the back room. Her arms were stretched
apart as though flung out in her fall. She
had evidently been dead some hours.
Blood had flawed in a thick pool about her
and lay in splashes over the floor of the
inner room, where the death blow had
been struck. Blood in spots marked the
iurniture and the wails.
A busin en its stand was filled with
blood-discolored water, a towel turned
red hung in a rack beside it and a pitcher
with Dloody handle stood on the floor.
Captain Lees and the Coroner were
summoned before any part of all this was
disturbed, and the chief of detectives
made a thorough search and inspection of
the premiss.
The murderer had used a razor no doubt,
but no weapon was found. The blind
bolts on the doors were shot, as stated,
and they were touched with blood, show
ing that the murderer looked the doors
after he had kilied. There was the small
print of a shoe upon the bloody floor be-
t v veen the spot where she had been struck
and where the- body lay— whether of her
own, for it seemed to be a woman's, or the
murderer's, could not be told.
The furniture oi the room showed little
disturbance and there was no sign of a
struggle. Everything indicated t':at Mrs.
Lnngfeldt had been sitting at a small table
in the center of the back room with her
foot upon a stooi; that her murderer ap
proached from behind and struck her
throat with the razor lrom over her right
shoulder. That is the theory of the police.
The body was found four or live feet
from where the woman is supposed to
have been seated, and the conclusion is
that she sprang to one side aud toward
t: <• front window and fell.
Captain Lees is of the opinion that the
murderer cut his own hand. Tne marks
of blood on the handles and bolt latches of
both doors, several drops of blood just at
the front door and otherdrops in the vesti
bule and on the front steps of the house
give him reasons for this conclusion.
The police are looking for Blanther.
Suspicion is of course centered on him.
He seems to be a man of mystery. No
one seems to know his first name or be
quite certain whether his name is Blanther
or Blander.
He is described as a man of attractive
appearance, about 34 years of age, edu
cated and having the bearing of a gentle
man. Mrs. Kleineberg has seen him two
or three times and says she was very well
impressed with him. She describes him
minutely as about 5 feet lOJi inches in
height; weight about 190 pounds; slender,
but well built; demi-blonde mustache
slightly lighter in color than his hair;
light sallow olive complexion, as if tanned ;
broad, square chin; "lovely white teeth
and very reeular, grayish blue eyes"; in
tellectual-looking face; looks like an
American, although he spoke German flu
ently, and claimed to have studied in
Heidelberg; square-built about the chest
and rather flat; wore a dark gray suit with
bluish tint, white four-in-hand piquet
necktie and standing collar; parted his
hair in the middle ; "would not call him a
dude."
Mrs. Kleineberg began to have some
thing of a pu.^picion as to Mr. Blanther's
gentility, however, only as late as Friday,
and on that day made some inquiries
about him that developed them.
"Blanther came to the hou«e about
three months ago," said Mrs. Kleineberg.
"He brought a letter of introduction from
Captain yon Winkler, a friend of Lang
feldt's, living in Mexicp. The letter was
indeed to Blanther. and merely said that
if he wanted to enjoy the acquaintance of
a cultivated and entertaining lady to call
upon Mrs. Langfeldt. With this he came.
Mrs. Langfeldt treated him well, and
he called "again and again. Then for
two months we saw nothing of him. Then
she received a note from him saving he
had been away, and asking if he might
call again. She wrote, inviting him to
come, and he answered in person that
very evening. That was two weeks aeo,
and he ha- been here nearly every day
since, sometimes calling in the morning.
When he came in the evening he was in
the habit of leaving about 10 o'clock.
"Mrs. Langfeldt was quite old and feeble
from sickness and this was a young man,
so there could be no question of his paying
court to her or anything of that kind. 1
spoke to her about it once and she only
laughed and said: 'Oh, he likes me; he
likes my company; he is entertaining, and
1 like to be entertained.'
"£he was very vivacious, lively and
liked company. Mr. Schroeder "of the
Russ House and other gentlemen and
ladies calied frequently and played card*;
with the old lady.
"Captain yon Winkler introduced an
other gentleman, a Mr. Knhlsaat, in the
same manner as he did Blanther. Mr.
Kohlsaat is conducting some sort of a
colonization scheme in Mexico, with an
office on California street. He called but
once, however.
"Blanther made a proposition to me
thiou^'h Mrs. Lanjrfeldt to come here to
room. Mrs. Langfeldt seemed quite
pleased with tne idea. She proposed to
give up her two large rooms to him and
herself take one room.
"Afterward Mrs. Langfeldt told me that
he intended to buy her folding-bed for
$I^o. I met him aeain last Tuesday in the
evening. I stepped into the room and he
was there. He said he was waiting for the
Falkenstein people, and then he would
come. He told me that he had bought the
bed. She told me afterward that he
wanted to give her a check for the bed, but
she ilid not want to accept a check; slie
wanted money, and he said a!! right, that
he would go to the bank and get
the money. He came again Wednesday
nicht an*) met Mr. Schroeder, the news
dealer of the Russ House. Mr. Schroeder
and Mrs. LangMdt p!uy»:d cards together
and the other gentlemen simply sat in the
room. Mr. Schroeder and Mr. Blanther
went away together ab>ut 12 o'clock at
nieht. He did not say anything to Mrs.
Langfeldt about the money, as she in
formed me he did not like to as Mr.
Schroeder was there. The next time he
came Mrs. Langfeldt asked him why he
did not pay $20 on account of the bed so
she could look for another bed, and he
promised to bring her the money yester
day.
"He said he was a journalist, and that
he made $700 to |800 a month; mat lie
lived at the Palace Hotel, and that he had
friends stopping there who would also
want rooms here. I went to the Palace
Hotel while downtown Thursday morn
ing and made inquiries. I found that no
such man stopped there; that they knew
nothing of him or his alleged friends.
"The tragedy was cominitte i very
shortly after Blanther called la?r evening,
I have reason to believe," continued Mrs.
Kleineberg. "She was in the habit of
treating her visitors to a bottle of beer, say
half an hour after their arrival. Sue
would put the bottle out on tne sil! of her
back window, and I found <»ne there this
morning. She had noi opened it."
Other indications sustain Mrs. Kleine
berg's view. When found Mrs. Langfeldt
was fully dressed, and her folding-bed nad
not been iet down, showing that the raui -
der took place before her visitor of the
evening had left.
Dr. Kleineberg became acquainted with
Mrs. Langfeldt over three years ago. Re
cently she has been a constant .sufferer
and took up her home in the residence at
1225 Geary, in order to be near her physi
cian.
"Most anybody would long ago have
succumlied to the ills she had, said Mrs.
Kleineberg, "but she kept up a most
cheerful heart. She had many iriends
among the best people, among them beinj
the family of Mrs. L. Decker of Alameda,
Mrs. Carl Peterson of Alameda, Dr. Bush,
Mrs. Dr. Precht and Mrs. Turney, the
singing teacher.
The deceased has two nieces in this City,
Mrs. Adolph Rapp and Mrs. Louisa Gloss.
They are her only relatives here. They
were greatly shocked and distressed over
the tragedy.
"It ii ali becauae of those diamond
rings," s*i I Mrs. Rapp. "How often have
I told her not to wear them. But she
wouldn't listen."
Neither Mrs. Rapp nor Mrs. Gloss knew
anything about Blanther. They declared,
however, that the idea of M-s. Langfeldt
entertaining suitors was preposterous.
Among the papers found in the rooms
of the deceased, however, were a number
of small circulars, printed in German,
evMentiy intended to be inserted in news-
T apers as advert. cements. Following is a
translation of them:
A lady about 40 years of age, in possession of
an elegant l:ome and good health and humor,
high-spirited and educated, wishes the »>■
quaintanee of an educated, weil-situ..ti<i,
elderly gentleman. Only such which have the
Hboveuamed need answer. S. \V., 303, thiß
paper.
A lady about 40 years old, high-spirited and
sociable, in ihe po^s.•"ii^Jn of good h< nlth n.n<i
irunior. wishes a situation as a companion of ft
lady or elderly gentleman. The requesting
party has traveled on different occasions
around the worl i. and speaks different lan
guages, in consequence of which she would
make a splendid traveling companion.
Mrs. Langfeltit had a remarkable and
diversified life experience. Two of her
former < husbands are still living, one in
the Orient and the other in the State
prison. -
She was a native of Germany, and first
came to San Francisco about thirty years
ago. At that time she was the wife of
Peter S. Bollinger, formerly an officer in
the German army. Bollinger here became
proprietor of the Eintracht saloon on Cali
fornia street. Soon after arriving here
BolliiiL'er died, and his widow, who always
displayed taste in dress, forced to'main
tain herself, ooened a millinery store.
It was not long before she met Lang
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY 17, 1896.
Mrs. Philirpma Langfeldt, Who Was Murdered and Robbed Friday Night, Her Rooms, and the Scene
of the Tragedy at 1225 Geary Street. The Cross Marks Where the Body Was Found.
\bketched by a "Call" artitt.]
feldt, a young clerk in a wholesale house.
Their acquaintance ripened into an at
tachment that re.uilted in marriage. From
Langfeldt's marriage to the widow, who
was ten years his senior, began the young
man's successful career. He was offered
very lucrative employment in Yokohama,
Japan, and he and nis wife took up their
residence there. About twelve years aco,
while at the height of their prosperity,
they visiitd Europe.
In return for the valuable presents
Langfeldt tjok to the Duke of Mecklen
burg, he was created Consul of Commerce,
and later, for valuable services rendered
the Austrian Navy while in Japanese
waters, the Emperor of Austria also
honored him with a prominent decoration.
Soon after returning from their tour of
Europe, and after a marriage of twenty
live years, discord crept into the house
hold that had never been blessed with
children. The result was a divorce. Mrs.
Lancfeldt returned from the Orient and
took up her residence in San Francisco,
having an independent fortune at her dis
posal.
Here tUe unhappily met, married and
was divorced from an adventurer named
Snider. That was about three years ago.
Snider co: some money from her and then
deserted her. Upon inquiry she learned
that Snider had been married several times
befon*. The marriage was accordingly an
nulled and Snider was sent to San Quen
tin to serve a term for bigamy.
Langfeldt, the other divorced husband
and the one whose name she retained, is
now living in Japan, having married the
widow of "a former partner of his, a Mrs.
Nachligal.
Although Mrs. Langfeldt was at the
time of her death 69 years of age, she had
always maintained a cheerful, a lively and
almost a youthful disposition, and her un
'ini ly death will be lamented n<>t only by
a great number ol iriends but by a lodk
list of poor peonle, who always found in
her a ready hand and kind heart to assist
and advise.
BLANTHER IS KNOWN.
He Was Introduced to E. Schroe-
der by the Murdered
Woman,
Captain L/*es and his detectiVes have
scoured the City for people calculated to
know something about Mrs. Langfeldt'a
friends and visitors. From the present
outlook the chief aim is to locate the man
Blaniher, who was with the murdered
woman Friday night, and against whom
the breath of suspicion is strong.
The news agent at the Ru-s "House, E.
Schroeder, is the mo?t important in
dividual found in the way of being able to
cast some light on the mystery.
His statement made to Captain Lees is
very explicit, telling of his relations with
the murdered woman and of her introduc
tion of him to the suspect. It reads as
follows:
I have known Mrs. Langfeldt for about two
years. Have been in the habit oi visiting her
once a week, generally on a Tliun-day iilgbt.
We would chat and Diay a game of cards. On
last Wednesday night I got up thcr« at about
8:30 p. m., andafter 1 had been there a little
while she told me s>iie expected a cail fmm a
gentleman who apparently was anxious to
secure rooms In Mrs. Kl.ineberg's house, and
she, Mrs. Langfeldt, knowing him was arrnng
ing the matter for the Kleinebergs. He men
tioned to her that lie stopped at the Palace,
but that he desire. i getting a room up there.
:-he told me that he wanted a folding-bed, and
nad bought hers, or made her an offer for it,
saying he would buy :t.
After that the bell rang and this gentleman
came in und I was introduced to him u« Mr.
Bianther. Mr-. Langfeldt also told me thai
be was a journalist and worked for Harper
Bros. Ho sat down to the rljih' of mi-. \V »
started playing frwzrout and he looked on.
I a^ked him to join us, but he pretended not
tn know the game and said he enjoyed watch
ing a* play. We had a glass of Mine and we
stayed there until a little before liJ. I helped
her put away the glumes, as was my custom
before leaving her, as she suffered a liitle from
rheumatism, and Binnther and I left, walking
down Geary to Kearny and at deary ana
Eearny we parted, he presumably to go to
the Palace and J to the Ku>s House."
On our way down 1 referred to his German
conversation. Mrs. Laugfeldt asked him why
he did not talk German to me. Ho said he did
not like to speak the language because he was
afraid of making so many mi-takes. He saia
he was an American, although he had spent
sixteen year? in Germany, had been there
when he was .j years old and had spent eight
years, I believe, at Heidelberg. He spoke
better German thp.n English, and he spoke
Enelish with a foreign accent. 1 spoke to him
about lii.s name and said that it Indicated li<;
was > t German. He said then that his name
was spelled B-1-a-n-t-h-e-r and that the "th" in
the name made it German. I told iiiraldid
not oe* why it should.
He asked me where I lived and I told him at
■>. ■ Ku;-? House, and then he asked me what
time the train left for Sacramento, and I told
him 1 believed one at 7 o'clock in the morning
and one at 9, and he said, "Oh, yes, I know."
1 left him at the corner and have never seen
nor heard of him since. His description is as
follows: Age 32 to 34, height 5 feet 11, slim
build without being lean, square shoulder-,
rather fiat-chested and no stomach; good
frame, but rat'ier angular in build; no rarplua
flesh ; hair light bro« n and Btralght, mustache
light color, eyes biuMi tray, tioae medium
size, teeth good Eire ati'i very white, face
broad, slightly hoUow-cneeked, rather lung
and narrow toward tbeehiii, which ii ■lightly
■quore and retreats to neck at right angles;
skin of face is clear, with a slight yellow tinge,
no color in cheeks; dark gray mixed business
valt, probably a cutaway, "rnti.er think he
wore a **iff hai, no overcoat or gloves or cmie,
white shirt, whole suit the tame; paid but
little attention to his dress. Clatani to be an
American, but gives one the impres.-ion of
a (irrinaii student; t:.!ks Gtermaa L'ramma'i
calls h:..i English with a alight German accent;
says his name l« Blasthac
The ren=on I called last Wednesday Instead
of Thur.-duy. as had been n:y custom, was we
had nrrßiii, 1 ".! to go to the theater — Mrs.
Kleineberg, Mrs. Langn-ldt and myself. 1
cailed there and told them that there
wp.s nothing worth seeing, and ast d
him if he know of a good show. He said no,
tfiere Was none ; they were all poor. He spoke
of having teen erery show at the Tivoli, and
•poke of having seen Ulue Beard, etc. Ai-o
| laid he hnd been to the flower show at San
Jose and ulso at Healitsburg.
Be BPOKe good EiiKlisii and good German;
1n fact, he 100k.'. 1 so much like a German that
when I was introduced u> him I spoke Herman
to him. One might take him for a Scandina
vian. He lia<i no H r, was not particularly
1 voluble nor very reticent; he seemed to be h.
; strong silver man, and said he dined a' Del
monico's occasionally and that it took him
■ twenty minutes ;o go from Delmonico'a to the
Palace.
In connection with the established fact
that Blanther called on Mrs. Langfeldt Fri
day night, the testimony of Charles Schef
fer, cashier for Dalton Bros., who lives in
Dr. Kleineberg's house is very strong, it
reads:
[ I came home last nuht about 7 o'clock, and
I expected somebody to call on me. and so
when I heard the "bell ring about 8:30 I
thought it was somebody for me, and 1 na
: turally wont out to see. >irs. Ln:»f-l'lt opened
the door and some one, a gentleman I imagined
i by the voice, came in and talked pleusantlv
; and chatted with Mrs. Langfeldt and laughed
j and went to her room.
I went back to my room and at about 10:30
p. m. I neard a heavy fall and intended, to go
i downstairs, bnt Changed by mind, thinking it
i wns none of my basinets. Then [went to i>pd,
and >ii ■ i ! know of the murder until 4 ..'clock
j this afternoon.
I saw This man last Wednesday night as I
' whs going t>( my room, and Mrs". Langieldt
' railed me in hik! wanted to introduce him to
i m«. Mrs. Kl^in^bi-rg VII also there. I ex
cused invßcif, saying I wns t ired and wanted
to go t i bed. I just had a passing gla-.u-i oi
him and noticed he wore glasses or speeU'-l- ■.
I could DOt tell how tall he was as he was sit
: ting down.
REMEMBERS HER WELL.
Ex-Judge Levy at One Time Denied
Mrs. Lannfeldt a
Divorce.
Walter Levy, ex-Judge of the Superior
Court, has some recollection of Mrs. Lang
feldt. He was dis.ussing the matter last
evening at the Concordia Club.
"My recollection," he stated, "is not
very distinct as to details, but I do remem
ber the lady's case quite well from its
oddity. Whether it was under he name
of Langfeldt or some other, she was before
me when I was on the ben. h, seeking to be
divorced from her husband. My under
standing of the case was that the husband
was as anxious as she was to be divorced,
but I. saw no way by which I could ac
commodate the pair and I denied the
motion.
"The testimony resolved itself into this:
The lady married the man believing ue
was wealthy and he. believing her to be
wealthy a« well, ga-^e her his narre. In a
little while they found out their mistake
and each was anxious to be divorced from
the other. I saw no way, however, ac
cording to the law, to free them from each
other."
ON BLANTHER'S TRACK.
The Police Secure a Clew to the
Identity of the Mnn Under
Suspicion.
Late last evening the Dolice got track of
a man named Blanther, who has until
recently been living at '.'•-'_' Haight street.
He was compelled to leave the house
because of an inability to pay his rent.
His description tallies exactly with that
triven by Mrs. Kleineberg.
He has been acting as agent for some
time for an art publication of Appleton's
called Modern Art. Subscribers were few,
however, and it is known that he sold a
$4<) collection of the books some days ago
for $5 and that he has been pushed to
desperate extremities for lack of funds.
He gave his landlady a check for $30 for
back rent, but it was found to be worth*
less. Then he was ordered out and since
then has been practically homeless.
He borrowed a camera a few days ago
from Tnbbs, the artist, on a pica tliat he
was going to San Jose to secure some
illustrations for a magazine article, which
he professed to have an order for.
Tubbs meeting him subsequently on the
street asked for the return of his camera.
Excuses were offered until the artist be
came suspicious and undertook to trace
the camera on his own account and found
that Blanther did not have it. A detec
tive threaten. -d to arrest him upon this
discovery and Blr.nther drew a revolver
and declared he wouid blow out his own
brains, as he was starving.
Tubbs took the revolver away from him.
Since then Blanther is known to have
been driven to still greater extremity and
to have pawned his overcoat.
George A. Dodge, the architect, lived at
li-- Haight street, and became acquainted
with Bianther. He has befriended him
several times since he became an outcast
from the Haiglu-street house, even to sup
plying him with food.
Blanther is an Austrian, a man who has
traveled, and claims to have written for
Eastern papers and magazines. Those
who know him say he has small feet, such
aa might fit to a print of a shoe that is
marked on the floor of Mrs. Langfeldt's
room and in her blood where the murderer
dragged her body.
A PARISIAN INSTITUTION.
A Concern Thitt Owns ami Controls
Fifty Huge R<-«taurnnt<«.
In order to appreciate the fuss which the
newspapers are making here about the j
marriage of M. Alexandre Dnvai, it is |
necessary to realize the fact thaUhe bride
groom-elect is tlie director and chief pro
prietor of that Parisian institution known
as "les Bouillons Duval," which in the
last twenty years has become a striking
Feature of metropolitan life here. "Les
Bouillons Duval' 1 are a concern that owns
and controls some Gfty huire restaurants,
situated in different parts of the capital
where the best, and, above all. the cleanest
foo 1 is M-rved at the lowest prices. It is
estimated that nearly 40.0U0 people are
daily fed at these eating-houses of M.
Dnvai, ami heaven only knows how many
more of the pauper class of the population
derive their sustenance from the broken
victuals that are distributed every evening
to the poor by his orders.
What is so especially attractive about
theee "Bouillons Duval r> is the excellent I
quality of the food, the rapidity and cour- i
t' sy of the service performed by natty- i
looking "bonnes," and the exquisite clean
liness thar characterizes everything and
everybody in connection with the place.
The prices are low, and it is difficult to
understand how the Duvals — father and
son— can have realized such an enormous
fortune from the business. Thus you pay
1 cent for i napkin, 2 cents for bread, 5
cents for a bowl of most nutritious and de
lici 'Us bouillon made from lirst-classmeat;
a dish of meat garnished with vege
tables costs 10 cents; a plain but well
cooked desert 4 cents; cheese, either Brie
or .'ameinbert, 3 cents, and a pint bottle of
"yin ordinaire" 8 cents. If yon tip the
waitress her whole face lights up with
pleasure, as she is not accustomed to "pour
boires." The white marble tables on which
you are served are carefully sponged for
each new guest, tablecloths being* es
chewed, but snowy napkins are furnished
to everybody who wants them at the price
above inenfoned. And as low as these
prices are, they would be cneaper by 40 or
;"><> per cent were it not for the octroi or
municipal customs department, which
charges a heavy du.y upon everg aiticle
of lood thut enters the "enceinte" of the
city of Paris.
Another thing which is remarkable
about the "Bouillons Duval"' is the ele
gance ot the premises. I'hey are invari
ably lar«e, lofty", well lighted, well ven
lated and rendered attractive by large
mirrors, gilded cornices and beautiful mo
saic paneis, the walls and floors being
constructed almost entirely of marble in
clear, dainty colors, conveying an inde
scribable idea of freshness and cleanliness.
Indeed, these popular restaurants present
a striking contrast, to the dingy, low
ctilinged, badly lighted premises of the
Cafe Anglais, Maison Dore, the Cafe
Riche, Brebant, Voisin and other famous
temples of gastronomy.
It would be a mistake to imagine that
only people of humble means anu position
take their meals at the "Bouillons Duval.'
Women of rank and elegance may occa
sionally be seen lunching there, as well as
the banker or financier who wishes for his
bite in a hurry, the ultra-exquisite club
man who is on his way from one railway
terminus to another, the scientist who ha's
, been consulting ancient volumes and
manuscripts at the National Library, the
journalist on the gui vive for news, and
mingled among them the piano-teacher,
the daily governess, the professor with his
threadbare coat, the shopgirl, the counter
jumper and the petty Government official.
Nowhere, In fact, can one ste so many in
teresting phases of Parisian life, so many
different gradations of society, as at the
hour of noon in any of these "Bouillons
Duval."
They were founded in 1860 by the father
of the present owner, a butcher in the rue
de la Monnaie, w»o started the practice on
a small scale of selling cups of bouillon
made from the surplus meat leit over from
one day to another in his shon. The idea
took so well and proved so popular that to
day the "Bouillon Duval" concern is al
most as vast as a Government department,
employing an immense Htaff and possess
ing its own slaughter-houses, its steam
laundries, its bakeries, its farms, its mar
ket gardens and its fruit orchards. It is,
therefore, easy to understand that the mar
riage of "le patron," as M. Alexandre
Duval is called by his vast army of cus
tomers, employes and dependents, should
be treated as an occurrence of aimo&t met
ropolitan importance. — Paris correspond
ence of the New York Tribune.
GENERAL GRANT AND CUBA.
New Facts About Cuban Belligerency
in a Book Soon to Be Publisher).
Horatio S. Rubens, counsel of the Cuban
delegation in the United States, will pub
lish soon a book on "Cuban Belligerency"
for free distribution throughout the coun
try. The main object of the book is to
prove that according to international law
the Cubans are entitled to belligerent
rights, and that the resolutions of Con
gress were based on the best grounds.
"The facts which I state," said Senor
Rubens to a reporter of the Sun, "are
those which are admitted by the Spaniard is
or reported by your Consuls. The object
of the booK is to show that the action of
the Congress has ample justification, both
in law and in fact, the petition of Senor
Palma far the recognition of the Cubans
being annexed to prove that Congress
really acted alter having the facts therein
stated confirmed from other sources."
Mr. Rubens reveals in his work some
facts not generally known concerning
President Grant's oninion about Cuban
belligerency during the ten years' war in
Cuba which began in 1808. Mr. Rubens
says that General Grant's own private opin
ion about the Cuban war was exactly the
reverse of what appears to his own mes
sages to Congress in 1870 and 1874. Gen
eral Grant, Mr. Rubens says, was deeply
influenced by Mr. Fish, his" Secretary of
State.
"And do you know by what or by whom
NEW TODAY. _
DOCTORSWEANY
THAT THIS NOTED SPECIALIST STANDS PRE-EMI-
-i nently at the head of the medical profession is no longer a
question of doubt. That he has investigated farther " into the
mysteries of life, and penetrated deeper the secrets of disease,
than his quite worthy, but less successful associates, is now ac-
knowledged by all. His experience is life-long, and his record
right here in San Francisco, at 737 Market street, is simply
A SERIES OF PROFESSIONAL TRIUMPHS,
There are thousands upon thousands in this land to-day who are
praising his name, because he has made their lives happy and
brought sunshine into their homes. The following are among
the diseases he cures :
yin\rV\ Inflammation of, Brighfs disease, i \ T Ar\fl MPII If you are troubled with
lYllMiJio diabetes, congestion of the kidneys, l"lii« 111 fill, night emissions, exhausting
uraemia, gravel, stone. * I drains, pimples, bashfulness, aversion to sod-
-v- .^- ■>-_ . _ , ■ . ■ 1 ety, Btupidness, despondency, loss of energy,
Rf.mnFß Inflammation, cystitus, cyster- ambition and self-confidence, which de-
I»!> HUM, II rhea, catarrh of the bladder. ©rive you of your manhood and absolutely un-
eye &SS? - as-Asasss ssssa sSnsP™ sz'&s£r&&
vision, scrofulous eye, closing of the eyeduct, j muni i«nn un At mhit th««» ■»
• kidneys; frequent, painful urination and sedi-
FID Deafness from catarrh, singing or roar- ! ment in urine; impotency or weakness of
L.-ill- ing noises, thickened drum, inflainma- ' sexual organs, and other unmistakable signs
tion of external ear, purulent discharging from of nervous debility and premature decay,
ear, etc. Many die of this difficulty, ignorant of the
! cause, which is the second stage of seminal
UP in Neuralgia, sick, nervous or congestive weakness. The most obstinate cases of this
lll;.lir headache, dull, full feeling, loss of character treated with unfailing success,
memory, dizziness, softening of tne brain, I>OIVilT!? diseases— Gleet. Gonorrhea, In-
tumors and eczema of the scalp. I 111 Oil 1 L flammations, Discharges, Stric-
T,,,,,,,,,., r-.t.,- hoi ........ *•. J tures. Weakness of Organ-, Syphilis, Hydrocele,
THRO VT nhl ! *1 s°'e throat, acute and Varicocele and kindred troubles, onieklv cured
«n« i,id n iiat» ° h i r P J^ a J yn F ' f enl "S et U? n ; without pain and detention from business,
siis and palate,- hoarseness, loss of voice, thick in,.,.!, ■■n mri> nk ., ntP( ; Onroa i™*m
phlegm in throat. causing hawking. HiiODl) AiW SKl\ p\mTles^ScroFult
I IlVfi Consumption in the first and second : Syphilitic Taints, Tumors. Tetter, Eczema and
LUill* stages, hemorrhages and chronic bron- = other impurities of the blood thoroughly erad-
chitis, dry and loose coughs, pains in chest icalcd, leaving the system in a strong, pur«
difficulty in breathing, hepatlzations, asthma, and healthful state.
etc. . 6 l . ' IkKl'tViXfU'' U : If s" ou are suffering
HEART Valvular diseases weak .nrt fatt^ ; WWCiAaMUr » Vi'luil from any of the dis-
HI.IRI heart dronsvifnrtrhanm.ti J, y t eases peculiar to your sex, sucn as falling or dis.
heart, laueutd circiZtfon rheumatlsm of j placement of the womb. leucorrhea, suppressed
neart, languid circulation, etc.. £ palnful menstruation, inflammation or
VT(|MU'H Catarrh, ulceration and acid dvs- I ulceration, bloat headaches, spinal weak-
CMUJIAtII pepsin; indigestion, pain and full- i ness or , an disease of the genito-urinary or-
ness after eatinp. heartburn, waterbrash and I Bans, call or write to him, ar.d ne will tell you
difficulty in swallowing J ust wntu Cau be done for >' ou -
LIVER SPLEEJI AU diseases of the liver, FREE TR-BATMEST Krso^t oniVoS
|™* ™ lifXl gpieen, bowels, all nervous Fri.lav afternoons. hie if P , ° &Cc ° a
and reflex disorders, rheumatism and all skin I ■>,.,,,, -„. t „  .. .. .
diseases, eczema, salt rheum, ringworm, hip- !IT lift J. our . trou l . es if llv m« away from
joint disease, old sores, fever sores stiff joint, i " ■*■ ■- J the city. Thousands cured at home
hare lip, spinal irritation, nervous prostration. &£"£££?&?* and medicines sent secure
r I from observation. ASookoi important infor
RUPTURE c P i}irVnd U an^^lTn C cl and \ «£?? sent free to th ° ° describing their troa-
ill/ 1 llllli cele. and all swelling and ten- bles. 5
derness quickly cured without pain or deten- OFFICE HOURS- 9 till 12 a m and 1 till
tion from business. - I 5 and 7 till Bp. m. Sundays, 10 '"till 12 only.
F.L.SWEANY.M.D.,
737 Market Street. San Francisco, Cal.
OPPOSITE EXAMINER OJBVFICIC
Mr. Fish wan influenced?" the reporter
asked.
"Mr. Fish wan inflaenced." answered
Mr. Rubens, "by the knowledge that his
negotiations with Spain looking to the
liberation of the slaves in Cuba and the
peaceful settlement of the questions be
tween Cuba and Spain would be stopped
by the recognition of the Cubans as
Belligerents. The slavery question was
more interesting at that time for the
United States than anything else. Mr.
Fish preferred mediation to recognition,
altbough he admitted that to mediate
between Cubans and Spaniards was to
recognize the Cubans as belligerents.
"Bat sr« decided was General Grant for
Cuba," added Mr. Rubens, "that in 18G9
he wrote and signed a proclamation rocog
nizing Cuba's belligerency. He handed it
to Mr. Fish for publication in case the
f answer to Minister Sickles' proposals to
| mediate in Madrid was not satisfactory.
j Mr. Fish refused then to do it, and Grant
did not stick to his resolution."
In regard to the international laws,
authorities upon which General Grant's
m usages were based by Mr. Fish, Mr.
Rubens said:
"The only authority Mr. Fish used to
ilerive arguments from was 'Dana's Notes
to Wheaton,' and this book contains sub
stantial errorß on the belligerency ques
tion. I quote English, French and Ger
man opinions, and I prove why Mr. Dana
was wrong in this case."— Now York Sun.
Known by His I.unj*.
An eminent Scotch surgeon and profes
sor in the University of Edinburgh was
entirely devoted to his profession. A quaint
incident in hs practice will show this.
The poet Tennyson had at one time con
sulted nim about some affection of the
lungs. Years afterward he returned on
the same errand. On being announced he
was nettled to observe that Mr. Syme had
neither any recollection of his face nor,
still more galling, acquaintance with his
name. Tennyson thereupon mentioned
th fact of his former visit. Still Syma
failed to remember him. But when the
professor put his ear to the poet's chest
and heard the peculiar sound which the
old ailment had made chronic, he at once
exclaimed, "Ah, I remember you now! I
know you by your lung." Can you im
agine a greater humiliation for a poet than
to be known, not by his lyre, but by his
lung? — Montreal Star.
Disappointed.
Snowman: "Hi, hi! Walk up and see
the cherry-colored cat, to be seen alive,
alive! Twopence is all the charge."
Inside of Show — Voices (angrily):
"Why, that's a Diack cat."
Showman: "Well, ain't there black
cherries. This way out, please." — Spore
Moments.McCOPPIN GAINS A
BETTER SERVICE
The Department Authorizes
Street-Railway Mail-
Cars.
VINING GIVES CONSENT
The New System Will Be in
Operation in Less Than
Ninety Days.
ALL SAN FRAN CISCO BENEFITED
Special Cars Will Be Run Over
Every Electric and Cable Line
in the City.
The department at Washington Las
authorized Postmaster McCoppin to make
a contract with trie Market-street Kail
road Company for a special service over
their lines for receiving and distributing
mails. In less than ninety days, if the
programme as now scheduled is carried
out, three mail cars will be running over
the entire City, facilitating the transporta
tion and delivery of mails at least 100 per
cent.
On Wednesday Postmaster ilcCoppln
received the following telegram:
Washington. I). C, May 13. IS9G.
Frank Me.Coppi . Pottmantcr, San Francisco,
Cal: Have your telegram and have requested j
General Jones to notify you to come. Will
mall you transportation. I think your ar
rangements as laid out in your letters are all
right and would suggest your establishing the
service, or, If you would rather, after you have I
made your trip. As far as we are concerned,
if you want to establish it now I will send you ;
■written authority. You might get them to '■
construe; the cars at least and get things in
shape. C. Neilsos,
Second Assistant Postmaster-General.
Acting on this authority McCoppin ad- j
dressed a letter to Superintendent Vining, j
asking him to name a suitable time to '
canvass the situation. Yesterday the Jfost- j
master and Superintendent Flint of the
Railway Mail Service met the gentleman !
who looks after Mr. Huntingdon's interest
in the City and County of San Francisco.
Three hours or more were consumed in j
general talk, after which Mr. Vining con- ;
sented to build three cars from plans pro
vided by Mr. McCoppin. One car is to be
used on the electric line?, another exclu
sively on the Market-street system and
the third on the narrow gauge. Sacramento
and Clay-street lines. Tiiis covers the
three trunk lines in the City and means a
great saving in time and luDor of collect
ing and delivery of mails.
Postmaster McCoppin has worked very
hard to accomplish this result, and but for
the assistance of Congressman Loud it 13
que>tionable if the system now authorized
would not have been subjected to several
months of red tape.
In October of 1895 the scheme -was first
broached to the department at Washing
ton. They did not take very kindly to it,
but suggested that it would" be all right if
the Harbor Commissioners and railroad
people <••;: be , brought to terms. Ac- j
i-orJingiy, in January of the present year I
McCoppin had an interview with the Com- |
missiouers, resulting in permission being I
given to construct a building at the foot of j
Market street suitable for distributing and
receiving purposes. That building is now
being erected, and will be finished in less
than sixty days.
The most ciiincult undertaking was yet
to come, namely, gaining the consent of
the Market-street Company to run mail
cars over their system. Several interviews
followed, resulting in Mr. Vining consent
ing to anything within reason desired by
the Federal authorities. Postmaster Mc-
Coppin reported to the proper authorities
the result of his work, and on Wednesday
the telegram above quoted was received. "
When the station at the foot of Market
street is completed it will result in the
practical condemnation of the present
main office. True, the general po&totiice
order, foreign and domestic, business will
be carried on, including the general deliv
ery of letters and papers. '1 he main col
lecting and distributing, however, will be
carried on at the Market-street station.
1 his means the removal from the main
office to station D of at least 150 men.
The carriers from Station X will work
from station D. The three cars already
named will run as follows:
Out Market street via Hayes to the
park, taking in stations B and H.
Mission and South San Francisco lines,
taking in stations C, E and L.
Sacramento (narrow-gauge) line, out
Sacramento and Clay, taking in stations A
and F.
It will be neces?ary with this service to
remove stations A ana F nearer the Sacra
mento line. Negotiations are now being
made with that end in view.
One of the features of tee new system
will be the collection of mail by districts.
The City will be portioned off, so as to
•work in with the branch offices, enabling
a collector to send his mail direct to the
distributing point on the first round, and
go right over the same route, turning his
collection in at the branch station subject
to the visit of the next car. Mr. Vining
has consented to allow carriers a greatly
reduced rate, thereby giving them an in
centive to patronize his employes' lines
The compensation cf the Market-street line
has not been fixed. Mr. Vining in a letter
to Postmaster McCoppin says his company
will allow the department to fix the rate,
provided it ia maae dennite t>y January L
Ihe cars will be fitted up like regular
railway cars, enabling the clerks to do a
certain amount of distributing before the
general office is reached.
WORKING FOR A BOULEVARD.
Meeting of the Executive Committee of
the Mission Improvement Union.
A meeting of the executive committee
of the Mission Improvement Union was
held on Friday evening at the office of the
president, James I). Phelan, in the Phelan
building. There were present: J. D. Fij
ian. John H. Gradv, George Walcom,
George L. Center, F. W. Van Revnegom,
"William Metzner, A. P. Van Duzer, A. B.
Maguire and J. C. Young.
The sub-committee on boulevard re
ported that it hail prepared a petition for
the improvement of Dolores street as a
boulevard, and on two copies of the peti- \
tion names representing over four thou- |
sand feet had been signed, and that two
other copies of the petition were yet to be
heard from. The committee also'reporied
that the property-owners interested had
appealed to the Board of Supervisors to
delay action on certain proposed work by
the board for bituminizing the blocks on
Dolores street, between Fifteenth and
Nineteenth, until the plan for a boulevard
could come before the board. ?
James D. Phelan, J. C. Young, John H.
Gradv, John Bolder and D. A. llulse were
appointed delegates to the Federation of
improvement Clubs of the City, to meet at i
B'r.ai B'rith Hail next Wednesday even
ing.
John Mr.Mullen, president of the San
Francisco Bridge Company, was elected a
member of the executive committee to nil
a vacancy.
The committee on High School at the
Mission reported that a petition for the
1 school was being circulated. On motion
; of Judge Van Reynegoni this petition yra?
signed by the Mission Improvement Union
by its resident and secretary.
Tlie committee on Mission ParK re-
I ported that the officers of the Jewish
Cemetery had announced themselves
ii favor of granting the cemetery
: blocks to the City for park purposes at the
l.wfst possible li'gure, without tne inter
vention of any middlemen or acent?, so
that no person could make a side profit
j out of the transaction.
A communication from the Sanchez
i street Improvement Ciu'r>, asking the
, assistance of the Mission Improvement
rmon in procuring favorable action by the
. Supervisors on a petition for grading' Sa
n! chez street to the ollicial greJe, was laid
! over for future action. After a general
| discussion upon the features of the new
; charter, without any positive action being
; taken, the committee adjourned.
STABBED THREE TIMES.
James Riley aud an Unknown Young
Man Quarrel Over the Miaking of
Die* for Drinks.
James Riley. 629 Howard street, was in
Courtney's saloon, corner of Third ar.d
Silver streets, cany yesterday morning,
and shook dice with another man for the
drinks. They quarreled, and Riley left
the saloon.
Shortly after 5 o'clock they met again
on the corner of Third and Bryant streets,
and the quarrel was renewed, dnring
which Riley was stabbed three times. He
was taken to the Receiving Hospital by
j Policeman Chambers, and it was found
j that one wound was in his back, the knife
penetrating the lung, another was on his
neck and the third on his head, but neither
of the two latter was serious.
Special Officer Holden saw the affrny
and chased filler's assailant, but iaiied to
overtake him. Riiey said he did not know
him, and the barkeeper in Courtney's
saloon said he was a stranger to him. He
is described as a young man, 20 years of
a«_'e, 5 feet 6 inches tall, light complexion,
smooth face, and was dressed in a black
cutaway suit and black slouch hat. Police
man T. L. Ryan has been specially de
tailed on the ca?e.
LOWER PASSENGER RATES
Fares to St. Paul to Be Based
on the Present Local to
Portland.
A Reduction of $2 go Effected—Conven
tion Rates to Come Up for Final
Action To-Morrow.
Despite the fact that the Tra.-sconti- ;
nental Passencer Association was In r-es
; sion yesterday from 10 A.. M. until 6 p. m.,
, with but a single hour of intermission.
and that for lunch, but little business that
was deemed proper to be made known to !
the public was transacted.
The matter of convention rates again
came up. The report of the committee
recommending naif-rates was thoroughly
considered, and a vote of all ihe roads
represented at the meeting was taken,
with the result that not a negative vote
was cast. There were, however, three of
the roads interested which had no repre
sentatives at this meeting, and as the rate
cannot become effective without the
unanimous consent of all the roads the
matter is still left in doubt. The roads
that were absent yesterday are expected
to vote on the proposition to-morrow, an.l
it is expected that all will favor the matter
as it now stai:d~.
Another master of importance to those
who may desire to travel to St. Paul or
intermediate points came up and was dis
posed of. A peculiar situation ha- been
created ia the matter of passenger raies to
the territory specified by the rate war
between the Southern Pacific Company
and the Oregon Railroad and Navigation
Company, as by the separate purchase of
a ticket from tbis City to Portland and
another from Portland to St. Paul pas
sengers can effect a saving of $2 90 83
compared with the through rates quoted
by agreement between ail the lines.
This agreement has, however, been vio
lated on more than one occasion, and enly
recently both the Southern Pacific Com
pany and the Northern Pacific tictet
agents were convicted of having cut the
rate to St, Paul.
In the ca~e of the Northern Pacific,
Agent StateJer took an appeal, and yester
day Chairman Caid*ell reversed the deci
sion of the local Passenger Agents' Asso
ciation on the ground tnat the passenger
j had only bought the ticket from Portland
i to St. Paul in the office of the Northern
j Pacific, and had then simply been es
corted by tbe Northern Pacific's represen
i tative to the office of tne Pacific Steam
! ship Company, where he bought his ticket
from this City to Portland. Mr. Caldwell
ruled that xn\< was not a violation of the
rules of the association, nor of the agree
ment among the local passenger agents
not to take advantage of the local rate
war in making transcontinental rates.
A» the result of this ruling of Chairman
Caldwell, it is certain that all the local
agents will hereafter base St. Paul rates
and others that will thereby be reduced
on the war rate now effective between San
Prancisoo and Portland, as tbis will effect
ually put a stop to the clandestine cutting
that is said to have been going on.
•—• — * — •
Park Music To-Day.
The following attractive programme has been
pre Dared for to-day's concert at -Golden Gate
Park :
March, Military Eilenbere
Overture, "t>rpheu»" Ofienbach
Symphonic poem on Burger's ballad "Leonora"
Francfschlni
Waltz, *B«Clta Amour"' Waldtenfel
Grand potpourri from the great masters.. Lenox
Overture, "Giovanni d'Arco" .Verdi
Cornel solo, '■Fantasia on Long, Long Ago"
Variations, composed and performed by
William Forner.
Selection, ••Mefistofele" Bolto
Death of Coster, a descriptive - fantasia, com- •
- posed by J. Don I can of the Park band.
"Black America," a negro oddity..... Zicke!
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY IT, 1896.
HAMMON`S KITE
FLIES WITH WINGS
The Weather Man Invents
a Thing That Is New
and Odd.
NEW FIELD FOR SCIENCE
A Kite of the Cellular Type
That Does Wonders Up
in the Air.
KITES HAVE TAILS NO MOKE.
Another Step Is Made in the Progress
of a New Science and a
New Art.
San Frarjcisco has given a new kite to
the world, and this and some other thine«
make it possible that the pace for the
kite-flyers of the world will be set out here
! for a while. The new kito is the inven
j tion of Forecast Official W. H. Harninon.
Kite-flying is no longer to be regarded
; as a mere amusement for boy?. It has
become a science and an art to which
many learned scientists are now giving
earnest attention. Kites are needc;
days to explore the upt«er air in the study
i of its meteorology, to carry cameras on
j high and lor other possible uses that may
I be developed.
The man who started the nre«ent kite
i fly ins movement is here. It was Assist
: ant Forecast Official A. •;. McAdie of the
local weatber bureau who tir^t made an
advance in Ben Franklin's experiment
! and sent tip kites arranged to exhibit tlie
! electrical conditions of the air. Mr. Mc-
Adie's useful work during the past four or
live years while connected with ttii I . .
quarters of the weatber bureau at Wash.
McADIE'S NEW KITE.
ington is widely known. The weather
bureau is now following up McAdie's
work with a series of kite experiments at
Washington.
When McAdie was transferred *o this
station a few months ago he brought with
him his ambitious spirit of original re
search and went to making and flying
kites as time and opportunity allowed.
Mr. Hammon, who has a lively interest
in meteorological investigations himself,
joined with his associate in the kite-flying
experiments, and from that work Haai
mon's new kite has been evolved.
Kite-making and kite-flying are brand
new things from practical and scientific
standpoints. The science of the thinp i«
in its infancy. The old corfin-phaped kite
of our boyhood days, with its flat surface,
cix sticks and a tail is a crude thing thai
will stay in the air in a cood wind gen
erally with a good deal of darting about.
Up to two or three years ago nobody knew
any better kite, but now the Malay kite,
which presents a concave surface to the
wind, and so needs no tail, has revolution
ized the work. So scientifically con
structed kite has a tail. It is a useless
weight.
For practical ase kites are wanted which
will carry light weights high into the air.
The maximum of lifting power with the
minimum of strain on the string, the mini
mum of weight and bulk and the maxi
mum of steadiness are chief among the
things sought for in a kite. The number
of considerations that enter into the kite
problem is surprising.
The modern scientific kite is of what is
called the "cellular" type, it looks like a
combination of boxes. The principle is
that of superposing two or more planes,
one above the other. The idea was origi
nated in 1866 by Wenham. It was not un
til four or five years ago that the idea -was
worked out practically by Hargrave, a
well-known Australian scientist, who has
long been working at flying machine?.
Hargrave lifted a man into the air with a
lot of his kites. Hargrave's kitas were
never made much use of, bat when the
weather bureau went to kite-flying his
kites neK taken up. A Hargrave kite was
tried a few months ago.
W: en Alexander McAdie was in Wash
ington he had an assistant named S. A.
Potter and recently Potter has been cut
ting quite a figure in Uncle Sam's kite
flying. He has improved on Harerave's
kite by making a diamond-shaped kite
which sits cornerwise in the wind instead
of horizontally as did Hargrave's.
One of these winged kites achieved mar
velous results. It presented sixteen square
feet of surface and weighed thirteen and
one-quarter ounces. It flew with remark
able steadiness and with 500 feet of string
it rose to an angle of 70 deg.
The Hammon kite presents both a con
vex and concave surface to the wind. It
avoids the cross-sticks in the interior of
the Potter kite, which offer wasteful re
sistance to the wind. Then in the Potter
kite the edtes of the cloth are free and
they vibrate in the wind as any sheet will
do and thus add much waste resistance.
In Hammon's kite there is a stick along
every edge of the covering.
But one oi the most notable improve
ments is the manner of connecting kite
and string. A rigid stick projects forward
eighteen inches, an 1 to this the string is
attached. This acts as a lever, which holds
the kite steady, and it brings the point of
ANOTHER Mb\V OF Till. Kill
? :-;.ension farther in front of the center
o: resistance.
Another original peculiarity of the Ham
mon kite is that it changes shape some
what in tlie wind through the framework
being made of somewnat flexible sticks.
This is a new idea, and it may become a
great secret of the success of the scientific
ally constructed kit**? of the future. The
stronger the wind the more will the shape
become oval and the 'moie will tlie wings
bend backward, thus lessening the sur
face presented to the wind and decreasing
thetensicn on the string. To a certain
extent this kite adapts Itself to the force
of the wind.
But everyone of Hammon 1 ! kites has
n away from him, and he hasn't a
kite to his name just ■. Ele will have
some soon, and Impromnenta
on bis latest one.
EONS OF THE REVOLUTION
I'e*olution Asking for a Blilltarr Fourth
of July Celebration.
At a meeting cf the board of managers
of the California Society Sons of the
American Revolution held May 16, 189G,
the following resolutions were adopted:
Resolved, Thp.t the board of managers ol the
California Society i-ocs 01 the American Revo
lution, in regular meetiup assembled, heartily
iudor&e the proposition of making the Fourth
of July celebration partake of a military char
acter, and favor the concentration of the
United States army and naval forces and also
the National Guard of California in San Fran
cisco on the occasion as an object lesson for the
rising youth.
Jiaolvid, That his Honor the Mayor be re
quested to have the United States nag raised
on the public buildings In the City and County
of San Francisco on "Flag Day," June 14';
also, that he request the citizens to display the
flag from their offices and houses.
Have Power for a Year.
The .suit which Joseph E. Sham brought
nfteinst C. W. Heals and D. A. Curtin has been
decided by Judge Hebbard in fAvor of Curtin
6: Beals. . The suit was brought to recover
property transferred to Heals, to revoke the
power of attorney given to Curtin and for an
accounting. The court deeded that Beals
legally acquired title to the property trans
lerred to him, that there was a pood and valu
able consideration for the transfer, that the
power of attorney to Curtin is irrevocable for
a year and that chain should pay the costs of
suit.
NEW TO-DAT.
THEOWL
DRUG CO.,
(XT-RATE
, J)RI«S.
SAN FRANCISCO.
OAKLAND.
LOS ANGELES.
At* all .Tcttinp the benefit of Cut
Kate? <>.: Drags and Medicines
on account of Laving THE OWL
DRUG 00. in their midst.
FREE
DELIVERY.
We deliver poods free, in FIVE-
DOLLAR LOIS within 100 miles
of any of our stores.
WRITE FOR PRICE LIST.
Hood's Barsaparllla 63c
Joy's Sarsaparllla ..65c
raine's Celery Compound.. .„ ...60c
Pierre's Favorite Prescription ...;.7&c
sle:iins" Food (76c size] 55 C
Malted Milk (Hospital size) $3 00
Canadian Club Whisky .....fl 00
Allen's Malt Whisky 85 C
THE OWL DRUG GO.,
SAN FRANCISCO,' 7
LOS ANGELES.
OAKLAND.
CUT RATE DRUGGISTS.
8 : :-;.^. ;>': "^ - 817 ®^"- —"* P' f I
THE BARTLBTT
SPRINGS
HAVE THE MERITED REPUTATION OF I
■*-*- beinc one of the woxokes of the world, and
seekers of pleasure and lovers of sightseeing, as j
well as those in search of health, will be well
paid by visiting them.
The Finest Summer Climate in Cali-
fornia.
LARGE NEW SWIMMING TANK.
A Positive Cure for Rheumatism, Liver, ;
Kidney and Stomach Troubles.
TERMS SlO TO Sl5 PER WEEK.
Two Routes to the Springs, S. P. Co. and
S. F. and X. P. Railway.
Address all correspondence to BARTLETT
SPRINGS COMPANY, 22 Fourth street, S. F., or
Bartlett Springs, Lake County, Cat
PACIFIC COAGRESS SPRINGS;
THE LEADING SIMM and WINTER
ICK-OKT IN CALIFOiI.MA.
T OCATKD IN A CANYON OF THE SANTA
.1 j Iru7. Mountains, convenient to San Joy, amid
most enchanting scenery, about 1000 leet above ,
sea level. No :o:;. no mosquitoes; all suany rooms, :
with a frontage of ■»&(> feel south. »
Large Double Room*, With Private
Bathroom*.
SMTIF. SPRIN.Tor the celebrated CONGRESS
SPRING MINERAL WATEK of the r.!kocha!y-
beattf clas*: very 1 naMe for table us<*, uyspepsi'a, :
liver and kidney troubles, rneamaUam. coat, sk!:i
and nervous affections, indorsed and recom-
mendt-d by ail It-adinir phvsiciais.
HUTKL. COTTAGKS, NEW NATATORIUM.
ALL •:iodi-rn Injprov. : . i-tectric bell*, tele-
phone and telegraph: zoo<l f'nolos.
RATE*?, $10 10 #15 per week: only 21^ hours
from S*n F;-aocisco. via t^. P. Rniirou<i. V\ rite lor
particulars. J. V. I'Ki-.TCM. tara'oca, Ca!.
j — '1 N 7~~U The Beautiful !
1 f&£smmk HOTEL
#':. S|-VF\ftftflF
SAN JOSS, CALIFORNIA.
Never dl : this popular resort look more inviting
than now. Newly pa:nttnl inside and out. In i,,.
center of its loveJy ■ •■-: for its
unexcelled table, service nnd general appoint-
ments, it is enjoying deserved patronage ana
prosperity.
GEO. P. SNELL. Manager.
3 flj li c • (> tyjf America — For
hf'ulth.rest.pltas-
nre, climn"e, arcomno'lntlonn, sconerv, flower
beds, dfanliurjis. thh>. hot soda tub and' plunge
baths, hot .".ri,ln:r tub nd shimming tanks, mms-
Rr.ire treatment, hunting find ri>l)<rt;,'. children's
lilHrground. cro.)U«-t nnd tlance hail for families.
l'arai.«o stands unsuri-asscd in the Mate. l'!entv
enjoyment iur youoc ani old. Take train Third
and T«wnspn<l street". ?ran<?iaco, 8:16 a. M.
daily, for Scledad; RKurn-trlp ticket. »8. Seven
miles by «.tnce. Telephone and PnstoHice. For
illu'iraie.l pamphlets nnd sppcial !ti.]i:c* i ents for
1896, address R. BOBKKTdON, Manager.
i\apa soda sprkgs,
Calirornla'9 Famous fountain Spa!
Havk Too Br.Kv There Lately?
1000 feet above Napa Valley. Climate unsur-
passed. Views magnificent. Table supplied from
orchard and ocean, field and farm. Hot and cold
Napa Soda water baths. Telephone and Postofflce.
Burros to ride. Bowline alley*, tennis, croquet,
6tvings and hnmmocks. New improvements every
year. Gas and running water in every room. Re-
l'ef for asthmatic*. WARM WATER SWIM-
MING TANK. Au Ideal summer resort. Chil-
dren's paradise: mothers' dc-licnt: husbands' rest.
Address AN DREW JACKSON, Napa Soda springs
1". O.
TWO HOTELS AND COTTAGES.
Under the Old Management.
ON AUSTIN CREEK, IN THE SONOMA
Redwoods, N. P. C. P.. R.. via Sausalito ferry.
Train leave* at 1:45. Hotel Cnzadero rates. FlO
to 14 per week; Klim Grove Hotel rates, *6 to $3
per week: tents, 1 3 to $5 per week, send for cir-
cular.
C. F. BURNS, Proprietor,
Caradero. Cal.
MARK WEST SPRIGS,
The Gem of Sonoma County.
Nine miles from *-anta Rosa.
\\- !TH ITS beautiful grapevine AR-
» » bor; the place where you feel at home. Table
first Clii'-*. Croquet, Billiards, Shuffle-board,
Swings. Swimming-pool. liancir.g Pavilion, Fish-
inftand Hunting. Terms, $10 and *I'J per week.
Special rates for clubs and large families. Round
trip, $3 75. Open May 1.
? FRESE <fc JUERGENSEN.
GO to DM 1 mm,
rnWO MILES FROM HOPLAND, MKNPOCINO
1 County, for your health and pleasure. The best
medicinal mineral waters In ibe State. Fine elec-
tric »nd minimi baths; new modern hotel; 260
feet above the valley: fine view. Furnished cot-
tages to rent. Plenty of amusements. Free dus
to 7:30 train from sari Francisco, and other trains
when notified. Terms, *10 per week.
O. HO WELL, President.
Telephone at Postofllce. ' x ~
LYTTON SPRINGS,
SONOMA COUNTY.
AN IDEAL FLA FOR HEALTH. REST
AND PLEASURE: no staeln?; Wrn' le from
station. The only >renulne Seltzer Springs in the
United States anl the celebrated Lytton Geyser
Soda «prlncs. Wonderful curative properties.
Table first-class. Send for circulars.
WHITE OAK FARM,
"VTEAR CLOVERDALE-SPECIAL ATTEN-
IV tion elven to table: terms 67 per week. j- - or
particulars address W. H. HIATT, Cloverdale, Cal
HOME REST FOX THE SUMMER.
ACTIVE LOCATION ! PLEASANT
J\. rooms: fresh fruits, straw berries, cream, chick-
ens, etc., all raised on home farm. For particulars
and terms address box 85, bebastopol, Sonoma Co.
HIGHLAND SPRINGS, I
On the Border of Clear Lake.
LAKE COUNTY, CAL..
DO YOU ENJOY A SUPERB CLIMATE,
dancing, lawn tennis, croquet, billiards? Do
you like fine bathing, boating, hunting and fishins:T
Do you need recuperation and res: afforded by over
thirty kinds of mineral springs? shortest stage
route into Lake County.
All this and more can be had at Highland
Springs.
New hoteL Finest dining-room north of San
Francisco.
From San Francisco it costs only $3 for the
round trip, and the hotel rates are SI 50 to $2 50
per day or $10 to 16 per week. Take the S. F.
and N. P. Kail way via Pieta, thence by a short de-
lightful stage ride. J. CRAIG, Manager.
San Francisco office. SI 6 Montgomery st.
YOUR VACATION 1 1
Where Shall You Spend It ?
-
Go where monotony is impossible, I
where you may mingle with the light-
hearted social throng, or bask in the sun-
shine by the surging sea, or stroll under
the shade of the majestic redwoods!
THE SEA BEACH HOTEL,
SANTA CRUZ, Ca!.,
Now under the proprietorship of MR.
JOHN B. CHACE, offers all these oppor- ;
tunities. It is the ideal health and pleas-
ure resort, nestling in a very bower of
loveliness. For further information ad-
dress J. R. CHACE.
Proprietor Sea Beach Hotel.
JOHANNISBERG
In the midst of the Napa Redwoods. Including the i
GREAT WING CANYON.
Iron Springs, lAkes, P.owiing Alley. Splendid !
place for Hunting, Boating and Fishing.
Elevation nearly 1-00 feet. Best
<' [mate for Asthma.
1 ACCOMMODATIONS FUR CAMPERS. Convey- '
ances *-very WednesJay and Saturday from Napa, j
; stier the arnva! of the morning train. TERMS ;
j ■-■ 'SABLE. Make your encasements before-
j band. For particulars address WALTER METZ,
Nepa City. Cal.
SIT S f I ft fl HOT. SPRINGS. Sonoma
*/ A llj I I ' County, only 4 hours from
II 11 Sts"" B*a8 * a ••runclsco; but 9 miles
l\ l"i I 3 1t I 5 v;l - : '- : '"■"■ road through
Ai ■»••-•*'• *•• **■* canyon; new stases; sanitary
p!nrrii'.ni:naturnl temperature of water 130" Kahr.
l of wonderful curative properties: no fogs or disa-
-1 in cable Kinds: mosquito* nnd other annoying
insects unknown, lake Tiburon ferry at 7:30
a. M. or S:3O P. M. Round-trip ticket only £5.50.
Telephone and teloirrapb, daily mail and express.
Kates $12 a week; baths free.
I J. F. MULGREW, Proprietor.
SODA BAY MOTEL.
SODA BAY, SITUATED ON CLEAR LAKE,
: l>- is mo*! Picturesque. --•.:> famous for
the viisl volume of delicious soda water which
it throws oui daily, nmonnting to over 1,000.000
I gallons Jluiitliiif. fishing; boating and swimming
are unsurpassed unywhrre. A fine bar has jus:
1 been opened. The table is supplied with the very
best the market affords and the comfort and wel-
fare cf nil guests carefully looked after. Free i
rtmpiDE crounds. a coach will connect with the
dally -<t:ic>' from Pieia and Highland Bpn&cs,
Adams, ■M'isler. Blue Lakes and Saratoga. Fare
I from San Francisco, ?5 &0; rounl trip, $10. Spe- i
j cial rates for families, a. B. WYAii. proprietor.
I Soda. Kay, Kfiseyville. Lake Count}'. Cal.
CUP TAYLOR, HOTEL AZILEA.
Tocaloma, Bertrand's Hotel, Hariri Co., Cat.
FIRST - CLASS ACCOMMODATIONS: DE- |
lightftil climate for camping: danciD* pavilion,
I croquet and lawn tennis; tine trout fishing, bath- j
in? ami swimming; splendid drives to Bear Val-
ley: postofiice, express, telegraph and livery at
both hotels: terms $H and 91- per Week.
VICTOK W. KRAUaS, Manager.
; JOS. F. BE XT RAND. Proprietor.
' City office, 112 Taylor St., Fridays. Ito4r. m.
SUMMER BOARD AT EURLiNGAME.
Redington Place "A Mild Rest Cure."
Address IRA G. HOITT.
Hoitt's School reopens August 4.
KLAMATK HOT SPRINGS,
BBBWICK, bISKIYOC COUNTY, OAL., A
noted fishing and health naoxti Hot mud and
sulphur baths.
EDSON BROS., Proprietors.
HOTEL DE THORNTON,
POTTER VALLEY.
; FUIST-CI..ASS IX EVKUT KESPECT.
R. E. RADEIS. PROPRIETOK
Rates, $7 per week. Bath md all modern con-.
! veniences in connection with Ho;e).
-<a.. jB. TVIcIVtiVTII'S.
IF YOU WANT TO HAVE A GOOD TIME
hunting and fishing where frame of all ktnas is
plentiful, take the 8. F. and N. P. K. R. to Ukiah,
Berryhlll stage to Potter Valley, McMath's stage
to UullvUle. P. O. address. HuUvUle, Lake Co. Cal.
CALIFORNIA HOTEL,
Broadeaupe Depot,
Summer Resort for Families.
; Rates $6 to $10. / A. BERG, Manager.
THE JORD.W BOUSE, SAX RAFAEL, CAL.
First- Class Family Boarding- House.
MRS. J. F. JORDAN, Proprietress.
Beautiful View. Sixth Street.
Fine Grounds. Head of B.
EL BONITO HOTEL
TV"OW OPEN TO TOURISTS FOR THE
1* season: salt and fresh water bathing, huntinz.
fishing and boating: redwood grove, etc : terra*
reasonable. <;. W. MORGAN,
Duncans Mills. Sonoma Co., CaL
SEIGLER SPRINGS,
IV X-: COUNT T.
POPULAR HEALTH RESORT. OPEN" THE
X year round. Telephone connection*. Round-
trip tickets at Southern Pacific offices. f 10: special
conveyance daily. For information address JOHN
SPAULDLNO, Seigl»r Springs, Lake County, Cal.
MAGNETIC SPRINGS.
IN THE HEART OF THE SANTA CRUZ
Mountains; hot end cold magnetic baths; hunt-
ing nnd fishing: cottages for families; stase meets
morning train: terms SB up. Address JOSEPH
LINDSKY. <.. lon wood, CaL - - ■
GLENBROOK
18 ONE OF THE. MOST CHARMING RE-
sorts in the State. Fine scenery, hi'.ntinc and
irlshlnsr; excellent table. For circulars and further
nformation aJaress O. W. ii. TRKDWAY, ,
Proprietor. Glenbrook, Lake County, Cal.
T AUREL DELL HOTEL, ON LAUREL DELL
JLJ Lake (formerly Lower Blue Lake)— This pop-
ular resort opens to toe public for | the coiuiui; sea-
son with many improved facilities for entertaining
pleasure-seekers; boating and bathing free; no
pains will bs spared to provide a good table; terms
•8 to $12 per week: route S. F. and N. P. Railway;
through fare *5: round trip 99 Ml. Address H.
W AMBOLD, Prop., Bertha P. 0., Lake County ,CaL
A T ANK
Mft Of naturally warm mineral water
£9 30x75 feet— the grandest place im.
JPnR aginable to bathe. That's only one
™ ™ of the good things at
/ETNA SPRINGS
To make your summer vacation one of joy.
Climate, scenery and creature comforts—
more do you want?
' .■■•"-.I -;
Kates, $10 to $14 per week. Fare, round
trip, .*7. Write— 3lS Battery St., S. F., or W. L.
MITCHELL, Manager,
;*: j: ; : , Lidell P. 0., Kapa Co., Cal.
f'Ylfri mm I, 1— - ,--■ - -agn^m
SiSTA CATILISA ISLAND.
Augmented Attractions for Season 1896.
TTX EXCELLED FISHING, DELIGHTFTJI.
U coast excurs on?, tally-ho staging, wild goat
hunting, bathing, boating, horseback riding, dan-
cing, pyrotechnic displays, water carnivals, grand
concerts every day after June 6. Popular Hotel
Meiropoie now open, Island Villa in July.
For lull information, illustrated pamphlets and
rates, apply to
WILMIN'iTOX TRANSPORTATION CO.,
222 South Spring St., Los Angeles, CaL
MOUNTAIN HOME.
____
The Recognized Family Summer Resort
in the Santa Cruz Mountains.
Health, pleasure, swimming, fishing and hunt-
in?. .New d&ncin; pavilion. Deer park. Tabl*
excellent. Climate unsurpassed. £end for souve-
nir. Maze nt Madrone every Monday, Wednet-
day and Saturday after June 1. connecting with
train leaving the City at 8:15 a. m.
VIC POXCKLET, Llagas. CaL
■ ■ .
l^ni™ house.
18 .Tiles from Cazadero, on Stage Line. .
GOOD TROUT FISHING, PLENTY FRUIT,
cream and milk : free conveyance for parties of
two or more; grand ri-dwcoJ scenery. Address
I JOSEPH LUTI'RINGEH, !<«aview, Sonoma Co.,
! or apply KBUBE & CO., 207 Front St., San Fran-
i cisco, for particulars. '. . • , '■_■
ASTORG SPMGJiIXERAL WATER.
rpnE FOUNTAIN OF PERPETUAL YOUTH:
J. cures most any disease of long standing: cured
hundreds: recommended by thons nds in four
months in this city: no agents. A. ASTOKG. 108
Fifth st., sole proprietor: Glenbrook Hotel. Lake
County, one-quaiter mile from spring, has privilege
of the water.
SARATOGA SPRINGS,
T ARE MOST BEAUTIFUL SUMMER
J-i resort in >ta;e: 8 different springs: good fish-
ing aud hunting; accommodations first-class; rates
| $10 per week and upward: table unexcelled: hard-
finished rooms and cottages. J. M.AI4T.LNS, Bach-
elor P. 0., Lake Co., Cal.
QPEND YOUR SUMMER AT LAUREL GLEN
O Farm: line spring water: plenty- milk, cream
and fruit and all home comforts, or particulars
apply to Ml:-;. V. bTCBE.VRAUCH. .
TO LET— FURNISHED COTTAGE OF SIX
rooms and bath in Santa I'ruz Mountains;
orchaid. McEWEN BRO-.. 118 Montgomery st.
TTOTEL DEL MAX— ON THE SEASHORE; 20
XL minutes' ride from Santa Cruz: climate per-
j feet; table unexcelled: surf bathing: sailing, row-
ing, fishing: busei mees all trains; children, 92
I to 1 5 per week: adults. $9 per week; special rates
I to societies and families. Address MANAGER
j HOTEL DEL MAR, Santa Cruz, Cal., or room 29,
• Maze bonding, S. F. ■ '-'.^:i.t
IVERSIDE RANCH-ON the BANKS of
Eel River. 6 miles from Porter Valley, Men-
Cocino County: round trip, 89 75 from San Fran-
cisco; fishinz, hunting, bathing and boating no-
surpassed. Terms. $7 per week. Excellent table:
■■ milk, fruit, vegetables raised on the ranch. T. J.
I GILLEsPIE. Potter Valley, Mendocino County.
HOTEL LA HONDA— AMONG THE MANY
attractive summer resorts none offers more
' genuine pleasure than La Honda, 17 miles from
: Kedwood City, remarkable for climate, fishing and
! hunting, camping, comforts and pleasures. Tickets
| to: the round trip via s. P. R. R. and Knight's
stage line, *4. f MRS. I. J. t>EAK>, La Honda, Cal.
BLUE LAKES PLEASURE RESORT— NEW
hotel, now open: many new improvements fop
the entertainment of the guests: the pavilion built
over the water; a naphtha launch, etc. • good fishing
and hnntlnir. Address CARL MEYER, Bertha
P. 0., Lake Co. Do not address Blue Lakes.
pOTTAGE OF 6 FURNISHED ROOMS TO
\J rent for the summer: near ait Helena: plenty
of fruit. Address ROBERT WESTFIELD, 1626
Bush st. '■ ■
» T BELMONT, SAN MATEO COUNTY,
.rt. board for summer months: private family;
beautiful grounds; large rooms; 3 minutes from
station; 1 hour fm city. MRS. HANSEN.BeImont
ON- ; WOODS. IDEAL SUMMER RESORT;
send for illustrated pamphlet and terms. Ad-
dress Lougwoods, Napa, Cal.
BROOKsIDE FRUIT FARM; FINE SHADE;
plenty milk, cream, chickens and fruit: good
accommodations. Address Brookslde. Napa.
OARD ON A RANCH 2000 FEET ELEVA-
tion: good room* and first-class board; terms
53 per week. Address Redwood Grove, Occidental,
Sonoma County.
CH B APEST~AND BEST IN AMERICA—
\J WEEKLY CALL, sent to an.- address In the
United Stales or Canada one year for $1 60, post-
uk' free.
MISCELLANEOUS.
WAGOXS. CARRIAGES AS» HUBS.
Fifty per cent saved!
tfjPj»Mgggy3 Factory prices — Send
v YV /Ik /I * or catalogue.
\ [V/ / |Vj Carts .!?13t0?35
\,>fi»S£_ Buggies f75 to $125
•*; £ JSsfS^rrS\Ts. Carrias;eB..sloo to $20J
S^^^T' i '9Jc*<' K \/\ Wag0n5.... »50 to «100
/^2§SK^£sSf£^J Harness .58t0525
V- t^B!sP^^c'^£^^4oS I We sn 'P everywhere.
V\''' f V/'*A/X ? A x !*\7 California Wagon and
\J^ ±y-J<L XjvVgjjs? ''■ -"• Co., 36^i to
'*" -" "^•44 1 2 Fremont st., a. F.
B^H^g Dr. Ball's Reinvigorator
EtM*3aMH?top« all losses in 24 hours. Restores
ESS HH .Manhood. Enlarges Small organs,
□ I cures Emissions, Impo.ency, Varico-
■atf XM 01 ' 16 ' tileet. Fits, Strictures and all
Mn BBS! wasting effects of Self-Abuse or Ex-
. 11*111 ' ki!jj cesses. Sent s-aled, 53 per bottle.
fg £*! rUKEE BOTTLES, *5; guaranteed
IfiYinifimi ' ~ cure any case.
DR. HALL'S MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
855 Broadway, Oakland, Cal.
All private diseases quickly cured. Send for book.
t'^2Sß&^£*i-i!g Bls *• is a non-poi.«onoti9
<t<">?S«^^^^%fc^ r-u-:y f.-r <»-.:i,t: ijoea,
Gleet, Spermatorrhoea,
flar ialtoSdajs.^l Whites, unnatural dig-
ASfe?f Gairtateed N charges, or any inllamnia-
£»jf not to itrietare. tioa, irritation or ulcera-
P>~^PriTtni» eost»gion. tion cf mucous mem-
V y»VKEEyAHS CHEWTii.no. branes. Non-astringent.
; 'fcSS&cmctKiuTi.o JBgS Sold b ? irnetuts,
CS. A sBs or £ent ' n plain Tapper
cV^rTbo?^^^"^
■ v m Circular seat or, >■• .uoat.
1112
SAN FRANCISCO "CALL"
BUSINESS OFFICE oi th««an Francisco Cai.i^.
710 Marke: street, open until 12 o clock everj
oigh: 1:: the y< r.
BRANCH 01 PICES— S3O Montgomery street
corner (lay: open until P:3O o'clock.
r?;HS» Hayea street, open until 9 :3» o'clock.
71H 1 nrkin street, open until 9 ::.0 o'clock
sixteenth and Mission streets, opst
■ lock.
251S Mi-sio:i street, open until 9 o'clock.
116 Ninth ?:•■-(••., open until 9:30 o'clock.
CHURCH NOTICES.
l/prs=- PIP.ST CHURCH OF CHRIST, SCl£N-
t~£-' t!st— services at 11 a. v. in Beethoven Hall,
SS6 Post ht., cor. Powell. Christian Science Bible
Lessons. International Series, Subject: "Parable
of the l'ouids" "Science and Health" study
Thursday, at 7:45 p. m.. In Golden West Hail,
S2O l'osi street. All nre welcome.
» T^ TKINITY CHURCH. COR. BUSH AND
at-c^ Goußh sts.— Rev. Geonce Edward Walk,
rector Sunday school at 9:30 a. m. Morning
prayer and sermon at 11 o'clock. Evening
prayer and sermon at 7:43. Holy com-
moiiion on the finsl and third Sundays of the
month, and ..'I holy days Jat 11 a.m. All wel-
coniei Tlie Knstor music will he repeated to-day.
TJP^ MBEBS AND FRIENDS OF THE
tfcis? Fi:st Consreaatioaai lurch will nice in
the par ots ol Go'den 1 a.c Hall; 6-'.*> -inter St., on
Wednesday eveulns. M y 20. st 7:30 P. m.. for
prayer :>nil social servic - Christian Endeavor
services this s-nndaw vventarat 8:30 r. H., at the
r*"*i<:cii<-e Of D. W. Folger, 1916 Franklin st.
■*•->,- THIRD 111' IN A L CHURCH,
Es~-£? Fifteenth st., near Mission— Rev. William
Rft'ier, pastor. Services at 11 a. m. Dr. Alfred
Kummer, D.D., Of First Methodist Church of Oak-
land will preach. Services at 7:45 p. m. The pas-
tor will preach on "The Ethics of the Press." Music
by chorus choir under direction of William C.
Stadtfelrt: Honor the Lord (Stainer), "out of
the Deep" iMosart), "Sweet Hour of Prayer"
(Irwin), -Unto Thee, O Lord" (Brown), "Crossing
the Bat" (Macv), "The Heavenly Mansion"
( 5 1 acy). All are cordially invtttd.
W:yS= Firs BA P riST church, EDDY st
B»r-»' C oar Jones— Rev. M. P. Boynton, pas-
lor. Services Sunday. May 17. 1896. Preaching at
11 a. m. by Key. s. B. Morse, D.D., president of
California College (Raccalanrea'.e services'!, and
at 7:30 i". 11. by the pastor; topic, "The Marble of
Gnioe." Baptism at the evening service. .Sunday-
school a: 12:30 P. m. Y. P. B. of C. E. at 6:30 p. M.
1 -raver- meeting Wednesday evening at 7:45 o'clock.
Christian-culture class each Friday evening at 8
o'clock. All these services are open to the public.
Strangers are welcome.
tt- : yk= < 1 1 i:ai7~me'l 'iiud.m' tfiao.rAi,
Ur-& Church, Mission St., bet. Sixth and Sev-
enth— Thepa Key. Dr. E. K. Dille. having re-
turned from the H»wai'ai; Islands, will preach
morcins; and evening. Morning subject, "One
Sew Man"; evening, "God's Way in the Sea."
S!iiid:iy-sc:tool at 1 p. m. ; Young people's meet-
ings, 6:30 p. m. All are welcome.
rt^S= rIRSI UNITARIAN CHURCH, COR-
lr j? ner eary and Franklin sts.— Rev. Horatio
Stcbblns, D.1)., minister; William G. Eliot Jr.,
fibfoclaie, at the church Mondays from 10 to 12.
Ennday-school at 9:45 a.m. Services at 11 a.m.
and 7:SO 1. M. Bible-class at 9:45 a. m.. led by
Bey. Samuels tnbe. .Ml are cordially invited.
jtr^> ■ I 1 NITARI A N CHURCH, COB-
t?^&' ncr of Twentieth and Capi, s!s.— A. J.
Wells, pastor. Services at 11 A. II ana 7:45 p.m.
Mr. Wells will preach th ■ morning sermon. At
nisht he 111 jircstnt the second lecture in the
course -'Liberal Leaders Id the Modern Church."
Subject, "Churls K:i: ,s|. ■>-.'' Bible study at 7
p. M. Sunday-school at 9:45 a. m. All seats tree.
Pastor's residence, 20 Liberty st.
PSPS5 3 CALVARY PRESBYTERIANCHURCH,
lr<& corner of Powell and Geary sis.— Rev. John
Hemphill, D.D., pastor. will preach at 11 a. m. and
7-.-15 m. Sabbath-school at 12:30 p. m. Morn-
ins; music; "Te D( am" (I", minor), Dudley Buck;
offertory, "He Was Despised 1 ' (Handel), Miss
Jeannette Wllcox. Evening music: "Jubilate
Deo," X flat. No 17 (Rosen thai); offertory, buss
so ■■. "O Lord. Recall Them," by W. C. Campbell,
') epic for evening; 'Lost and Found. All are cor-
dially invited.
r_Tg=> THEOSOPHICAL SOCIETY - FREE
>^ J ' public lectuio every sun. evening at 320
Post St., 7:45 o'clock. To-night, "••Karma and Re-
incarnation," by Dr. Allen Griffiths.
ERIP >'O~RM OXS AT 909 MARKET ST. BKB-
Et-^ vices 10-day at 1 : a. m. and 7:45 P. m. Bishop
'i'liomasJ. . from Ogden. Utah, will speak
6t morning service and Elder Henry 8, Tanner at
evening service. El ler Tanner's subject, "Internal
Evidences of the Bo >k of Mormon," and will show
that new revelation Is reasonable and scriptural.
All are welcome. .No collections.
ar^*» TIIEO.->OPHICAL SOCIETY — 01 XT-
tir-JS' ess Con.stuncj Wachtmeisier, the co- worker
with Mme. Blavatsky, will deliver a "series of pub-
lic lectures, commencing to-night at 8 o'clock, at
Beethoven Hall, Hotel Savoy, corner of Post and
Powell .-•-».; subject, "Death and After." Admis-
sion free.
.SUNDAY MEETINGS.
JE^S= THE SOCIETY OF PKOOBESSIVIE
&-& Spiritualists will meet in Golden Gate Hall,
on Sutler si., between Mason arid Taylor, on sun-
day, May 17. a- B o'clock p. v.; speaker, J. Clean
Wright; subject: "The Development of the
Logas, or the Christ"; mnsiclby the Misses Liillan
and Emily i oleman; admission free.
Ep^sp tT>ni'.iii Forms IX TOTAL dabk-
Q^- £r ness, materializiitloD, sealed-letter reading
and slatt^writing eznesed by W. B. Price; tests
given; Prof. D. G. Mansfield's mandolin, banjo
and guitar club; Mrs. cook, piano. Fraternity
Hall, 909 Market St.; 8 >• m. sharp; 25 cents.
Ctrg= LIBERALS AND TRUTH-SEEKERS—
l*-z? Dr. York, the distinguished liberal orator,
speaks at Scottish Hall, ZO5 LarKln St., this even-
ing at H sharp, on "The World, the Flesh and the
Devil"; don't miss a red-hot lecture; fine music
ana song. P. S.— Preachers of the gospel especially
Invited: admission free.
F£7S> DtL" BOBBINS LECTURES TO-NIGHT
" KJJ ' on "How to Develop Into a Medium and Get
Spirit Manifestations at Home." Tesis by Mrs.
Wrenn: the sick healed, mediums developed and
written questions answered. Washington Hall
35V2 Eddy, Bp. m. Magnetized-paper circle tick-
ets and admission tree.
r_rg=« iii. SLATER, THE- inimitable
w-*" arM only platform test medium— Grand test
seance, with full names of spirit and living friends,
to-niiht at 8 sharp. Metropolitan Temple. Fifth
St., below Market. Investigators .in spirit and
occu:t phenomena welcome. .Admission 10c.
F|_^sp BENEFIT IS TO BE GIVEN by the
l»- s ' Christian Spiritual Society at Loring Hall,
Eleventh and Clay streets, Oakland, at 2:30 and
7:30 p. M., to D. <■. Clark, who was burned out Of
his home. Programme by star mediums of this
century. Admi.-sion free. Collection for the un-
fortuna;e family.
pCTS= THE "PSYCHICAL SOCIETY OF OAK-
!*>■*»' land meets at Fraternal Hall, Washington
St.. at 3 and bp. m. Mm<\ Montague will answer
questions and give readings at both m-etiugs.
Key. Joseph Adams will lecture. Mediums'
Association no longer meets at Fraternal Hall.
1£75-- ' AT *97 MARKET ST., FIRST PRO-
l^-*- gresslve Spiritual Church— ll a. m., test de-
veloping circle: 2 p. M , tests, Mr. Hansen, Mrs.
Dunham, Ewer, others: 8 F. m., flowers, articles
read. Airs. Robinson, Aitkeu, Meyers, Warren,
others; good music.
EtT^= HON. JOHN G. WOOLKISY, 1 HK MOST
tb^r dlsLii.gulshed and brilliantoratorof America,
will give two lectures on "Christian Citizenship
and Moral Keforni" at Metropolitan Temple, Fifth
St., Monday and Tuesday evenings, May 18 and
19, at 8 sharp. Admission 25 cents.
BPJS= \ !M'ir. &WAIN - LhCTURE. At BP. M.,
UNt/ this Sunday, I. olden rule Hall, Mission St.,
between Fiftn and Sixth: psychic science of the
New 1 <•> amenl ; contribution for convention fund;
co-workers and labor exchange welcome; tests.
KsjK= AT UK itTN-ESSPIK ITU A L MEETING,
&»*' 909 Market St.. 11 a. m. and 2 and 8 p. M.,
circle and form tests; Mrs. Dunham. Meyers.
Fix. J. R. Little, R. A. Stitts. OQice, 13V. Sixth
St., 10 to 5.
r^SS 3 GRAND TEST MEKTING, BE FIT
U>-i>' convention fund, to-mj-ht. Mfsdames Seal,
jJodgers, Aitken, ; Drew, Roblneon. \v"renn, Fln-
nlcan. Pl»«e. no Hayes st 10 cents.
K%?"GOPI> CITI/KNs.HIP ME E 1 IX G ,
Li-c- ropoliuin Temple. Sunday, May 17.
sp. it Address by Rev. A. M. Russell; subject,
"Where Did Romanism Come From?"
EX 1 BISHOP GARRISON WILL HOLD A
K*--^ seance to-iiiKht at 148 Sixth su, rooms 10
and 12 (Brunswick).
C_^g= C. V. Mil. l. ETHKRKALIZIXG, MA-
CSj--£^. terializiugseaiice io-ni_bt at 8. 535 Post-
60c.
t»_S= MRS. SHRINEB, TEST CIRCLE TO-
Br>^ night; 10c: sittings dally, 31 1 Van Nessave.
&-~~- Ml:- I '». .\N. SPIRITUAL MEETTng",
»<& 11 to 4. •-'') Eddy. Platform free. '
jFgp~TEsri CIRCLE TO-NIGHT: lOC. MME.
Bb--^ YOUNG, t»OS McAlllsttr: ladies' orchestra.
fr"^ MRS. COLBY'S LAST CIRCLE 'TO-
•*"- £7 nishi before summer vacation at 122% Oak.
NOTICK OF MKKTINGs.
n^s=» GOLDEN GATE LODGE NO. 30. *
lir-J-r F. anil V. M.— Officers anil members if%
are requested to meet at the lenipii-liiisVV
(SUNDAY) AFTERNOON, May 17, at 1 /%/\
O'clock to conduct me funeral of our late brother,
David M. EIE AVIS of Chico Lodge No. 111.
GEO. .1. HOBJC, Secretary.
R_sp I: HA P.i: KN A LODGENO. -jjrt^i^.
b-J^ 15, [.(1 O. F.— Members are n-<2>i*^Sfe
quested av<-tnb:e .-<t Memorial Hall
HUN DAY, May 17, at 1:30 p. 11.. for <: 7/l\\^~
theparpose of attending the funeral of our late
brother. G. G. HURLHUT.
1-;. G. HARRISON, Noble Grand.
1M.5..1 ) I I V l.s 1:.. Rec. Sec.
K_ss= THI7fiIETH~GTrAis'D AN- . VT^T
u>-»^ nual gathering and cames of thejLfljj
Caledonian Club. Shell Mound Par*, >&._*?<?
Berkeley. SATURDAY, May 30. A 5 *^ 1 * .
most interesting programme. including all ancient
Scottish feats of strength and skill and other ex-
citing n< w events. A handsome banner will be
presented to the winning team in the relay race
between the hlch school boys of san Francisco
and Oakland. Noted athletes from all parts of
Aru«>ric.i. as well as lads mid lassies, will takepart.
Coin to the amount of 3000 and other valuable
prices will be distributed to the successful com-
petitors on Dim grounds. £ Music and dancing in
two large pavilions. A Caledonian welcome to all.
Be sure and buy your t!cke:s for shell Mound
I'ark. Admission— Adults 50c, children 25c
- . I). R. McNEILL. Chief.
J. M. Df.vcAJf, Secretary.
|fr"3p PICNIC COMMITTEES OF ALL SOCIE-
"^^ ties are requested to call onj. C.HOWE,
Commercial Printer, 036 clay st., for lowest rates
on quarter cards, posters and all kinds of picnic
priming.
HKETIKG NOTlCES— Continued.
w^X* rRtBHMEN, ATiE.VTHiN:*^.
Itt^-^ The annual picnic and garni of \\M>Y
Division No. 10, A. O. H. Of a., will take >« f
place at Schnetren Park. Sun Rafael, on CC__^?
SATURDAY, May 30 (Decoration day). jr^aE
Tickets, round trio, Including admission to park,
adults 50c, children under-12 rears of age 25c.
JXO. P. O'COXXELL, President.
• J.vo. H. poi.an, Bee. Sec.
O_S=» A. O. H. B. OF THE «TH*xa
.»-»' annnal State convention of the An- \TOV^y
dent Order of Hibernians Board of Erin will i&Wjf
be held nt Irish- American Hall, MONDAY
May 18, at 12 M. sharp. A: 1 accredited* iris*"
Stale, count;- and division officers are enti.uu io
seats in the convention. A full attendance is re-
quested us new Instructions have been received
from tho Board of Erin All members of the order
are invited to attend. By order of
CHAs. il ELAN, state Delegate.
JOHN NAG LE, State Bee.
P. F. DUO AN. Slate Treas.
I!J_^> SUNSET SANTA >»«.
i*~-^ CRUZ Mountains — Come /^BH?V>
with the Sons of St. Geor c of r2SVN* t R~\.
£an Francisco and Alameda to L-tt_Vr*v sf^*
their ninth annual picnic, to be _7yMVA
held at the abovedeligtnful resort lf\ lr^JS^
on :he 80th of Mat . All kinds of B , V \Sj3' i ""**J
games. Fine music. Dancing. , ___3is?->Jb
A large number of prizes. Trains "'SpW-??
leave ihe Jerry at 7:45 and 8:45. "'llckets $1;
children 60c.
ttr^ 3 NOTICE OF STOCK HO MEET-
I*-* 7 ing— Pacific Coast Jockey Club. Notice is
hereby given that a meeting of the stockholders
of the Pacific Coast Jockey Club, a corporation,
I will be held on TUESDAY, the 2d day of June,
1896, at Hie hour of 11a. m.. at the oilice of the
company, Parlor A, I'alace Hotel, in the City and
County of San Francisco, Sta!« of California, for
the purpose of electing a board of directors for the
ensuing year and transacting such other business
as may legally come before the meeting.
A. B. SPRECKELS, President.
W. S. Lkakk, Secretary.
San Francisco. Cal., May 15. 1896.
gj_^= ANNUAL MEETING— THK REGULAR
\Jt~& annual meeting of the stockholders of the
Christy Mining Company will be held at the office
of the company, 310 Pine st., room 28, >an Fran-
cisco, Cal., on MONDAY, the 18th day of May,
1596, at the hour of 1 o'clock p. m.. for the pur-
pose of electing a board of directors to serve for
the ensuing year, and the transaction of such
other business as may come before the meeting.
Transfer books will close on Friday, May 15, 1896,
at 3 o'c ock p. M. GKO. K. SPINNEY, Sec.
Office— 3lo Pine sU, room 28, San Francisco, Cal.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
It^§p~DTv!DEND NO^TlCe'— DIVIDExi) "no"
Jr-»* 31 (twentv-flve cents per share) of the
HUTCH SUGAR PLANTATION CO. ■nil-
be payable at the office of the company. 327 Mar.
ket su, on and after Wednesday, May 20, 1896,
Transfer books will close Thursday May 14, 1 896
at 3 o'clock P. M. E. H. SHELDOX, Sec.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
C_^3= RENTS COLLECTED. ENTIRE
s*-* 7 charge of property taken. BROOKS, 214
Pine st.
BCgS* TYPEWRITING, LAW WORK, CORHE-
<Sr~&' spondence and copying; abstracts copied;
prices moderate. S73V_ Market st., room 2.
|st_3p BAD TENANTS EJECTED FOR $4;
»t-*' collections made, city or country. Pacific
Collection Co.. 415 Montgy su.'room 6. Tel. 6580.
SITUATIONS WANTED-I'EMALE.
GOOD AMERICAN AND GERMAN COOKS,
VT ?25 to $35: general housework girls. «15 to
$'J5; upstairs girls, ?15 to $20; and other first-
class help registered at Miss HICKEV'S, 1033
Post st.
1, I EIBT-CLAHB employment office, FEN-
-1 lON A CO., 112 Geary: ladies requlrln_ help
please call; country orders promptly attended to.
AN AMERICAN LADY WISHES POSITION
as nurse for invalid ; no objection to traveling.
Call or address MISS BKNTO3JT, 208 Eddy st.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICE; best
VJT htlp secured. MBS. LAMBERT, 30ti Mason.
T\RESSMAKER WISH ENGAG M EXTS
XJ by the day; good cutter and fitter; or take
work home; terms SI 50 per day. Call or address
407 Ten'h st.
ELIABLE WOMAN WISHES A SITUATION
' to do Chamberwork an.l wilting, or house-
work. Address SO silver su
V OUNG LADY WISHES A POSITION IN AN
1 ollice: typewriting, copying, etc., preferred.
Address K. 8., box 08, this office.
QTYLISHDRESJJMAK B WISHES ENGAGE-
-0 ments by the day at SI 50. Miss It. RICH-
ARDS, 1218 Mission st.
\' O U G AMERICAN LADY WOULD LIKE
■ any kind of work during day. Sundays ex-
cepted; state particulars. A. L., box 30, Call.
"V'OUNG LADY DESIRES POSITIOX AS
X traveling companion. Address T. C, box 95,
Call Office.
YOUNG LADY WISHES A POSITION FOR
1 upstairs work or help with light housework.
Address lOBV2 McAllister st., rear.
Rkm'm • 1 able woman wants any
Kind of housework by the day or week. Call
908 Powell st.
you NO LADY, 20 YEARS OF AGE, WHOSE
1 education has been ne^iecteS, wants immedi-
ately a place to do light housework lor home and I
everyday clothes, where she can attend school
after May 1. Address Y. L., box 51, Call office.
|7»BK lady speaking good English
X. in need of work wishes sewing by the day: good
seamstress: neat hand-sewer; good operator; un-
derstands mending; 60 cents a day and carfare.
MRS. HORN, 706 California st.
I>l •: - 1' ECTABIiE HOLLANDERIN WOULD
It like situation in small family to do cooking and
houseworh.: can give good references. Address a.
B , box 6 1, Call Office.
7 IRST-CLASS MILLIXER WOULD LIKE
X} more engagements by the day in private fami-
lies. M. X.. box 79, Call Office.
WOMAN* WITH SMALL CHILDREN WOULD
»' like to get sewing or mending lor hotel or pri-
vate family in exchange for what Is left after
meals. Address W. W., box 7. Call Offic.-.
WILLING WOMAN WANTS WORK BY THE
'» day washing or housecleaning; $1 a day and
car fare. 717 Howard st.
COMPETENT WOMAN WANTS WORK BY
Vj the day. Call or address 136 Seventh st.
KESSMAKER WISHES WI.IRK BY THE
day, or will take s wing home; terms, $1 and
car fare. Ap; 114 Fourth st., room 5.
DRESSMAKER, LATELY FROM THE EAST,
XJ would like a few more engagement; terms
reasonable. 916V2 Howard st.
RESSMAKING —BEAUTIFUL FITTING;
latest styles; will sew in families to get ac-
quainted: $1 per day; $5 per week. Address D.
M., box 76, Call Office.
V XPERT LADY STEXO<KAPHER WILL
-L« visit office of any firm for daily dictation or
receive work. Crocker bullying, basement.
CIO.MPETEXT LADY WITH LITTLE BOY
\J wishes position as housekeeper Id city or
country. Address A. J., Branch Call Office, 116
Ninth st.
VOUXG GERMAN WOMAN WANTS WORK
-L of any kind by the day at $1 25. Please ad-
dress 815 Laurel ay«., near Wehstcr st.
B'~Y A REFINED WJD 'W A G OD HOME,
small wages, in exchange for light services;
no trlflers. Call, after 12, 1118 Market, room 10.
THIRST-CLASS MILLINER, TRIMMe"r7*DE-
X: sires position; city preferred; good reference.
Call or address 1134 McAllister St.
/COMPETENT WOM AX DESIRES SITUATION
VJ to do general housework; city or country.
9051/2 Powell st.
RESSMAKEK WISHES A FEW MORE EX.
gagements to go out by the day. Call or ad-
dress 15_7 California st.
"yOUXG GIRL WISHES SITUATION IN
X Christian family as nurseglrl only, or as com-
panion and attendant on mv .lid lady; near park
preferred. Address H. S., 2709 McAllister at.
"yOUXG WOMAN WISHES A SITUATION
-I as housekeeper. Call or address 940 Bryant st.
\*ouNG"\voaiAN WOULD. LIKE A POSITIOX
Xas chambermaid or light work. Call 425
O'l arrell st.
OMAN WISHES WORK BY THE DAY;
" neat laundress: good housecleaning. 23 Wil-
lows aye.. off Mission su, near Eighteenth.
W IDOW OF 34, WITH 6 YEARS' EXPERI-
»» ence, desires position as manager of first-class
hotel or rooming-house: in aso first-class pastry
cook: can give best of references. Address B. 8..
box 1, Call Office.
EX II NCE~D DAY AND XIGHT NURSE
wants position: good references. Address R.
L.. box 13, this office. ;;-. \v
AXTED-BY THE END OF~MAY, SITUA-
'» tion as governess during the summer vaca- ■
t:on; experienced teacher; references given. Ad-
dress A. D., Palo Alto.
MOTHER AND SOX WISH SITUATIONS;
i»A mother Is a first-class cook; son to assist in
kitchen: 27 years of age; hotel, warding or insti-
tutions. Address 81 Naioamst., room 1.
! p"OOD GERMAN' SEAMSTRESS WISHES EX-
VJ" gagement by the day: 75c a day. Address L.
A., box 83, this office, ..
\y OMAX WISHES POSITION" AS COOK OR
»» housekeeper; country preferred. Address A.
IL, 1004 Larkin st.
•yOUNG WOMAN WANTS WORK BY THE
X day. cr to clean office. Address J. WILLIAMS,
M4l 4 Xatoma st.
T ADV WANTS SITUATION AS HOUSE-
XJ keeper; gentlrmen's washing. Apply 821 Mis- i
sion st., room 3, first floor. . " !
pOM PETE NT COO K~\VISHES SITUATION
V.' In private family: alsj competent infant's 1
nurse; no objection to the country. Call at 227 :
Hayes st. .-
DEFINED AMERICAN WIDOW, GOOD COOK,
It wishes a position as houseKeeper, or would
take charge of a lodging-house. •J. L., box 124. '
Call Office. '
LDEKLY WOMAN WISHES SITUATION t
J-' a» housekeeper. Call or address 190 tin Mission. ,
KEMJIIAKEU WISHES ENGAGEMENT BY
the day, or will take work home; uses Mc-
Dowell system; terms reasonable. Apply 653 •
Folsom st. ~ "-■•..
UEFINED YOUNG LADY WISHES POSI- .
XV tion for upstairs work in private family. Ad-
dress or call 1620 Stockton St.
BOOKKEEPER — EXPERIENCED. YOUNG I
• > lady book-keeper desires position; good refer- .
ences. Address BOOKKEEPER, box 2, Call Of- 1
lice, Oakland. '
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY 17, 1896.
SITUATIONS WAMED-Contlnued. j
VM3UXG FRENCH GIRL WISHES POSITION
-I to do ups'.airs work anJ waiting at table; city
references. Address E. C, 1014 Pacific st.
ADV OF 10 YEARS' EXPERIENCE IN
■I lodging-house Business would like position to
m;mi!g ■ a house. Address M. 0., 611 Kills st.
IRL 15. YEARS WANTS A SITUATION IX
\X family of two to do housework; references
exchanged. Call or address 5"0 Third St.
r OUNG LADY. RECENTLY FROM EUROPE,
-L wishes situation to teach children: thorough
French, German, English and music; or lady's
companion: used to traveling; best or references.
Address box 507, Santa Cruz.
\\r INC1: ! ER HOUSE. 44 THIRD ST., NR.
" Market; 200 rooms: 25c to $1 50 per night:
!?1 50 to s6 per week; convenient and respectable;
free bus and h *Pg^Fe to and from the rr\-.
SITUATIONS WASTED- 3IALE.
ANnHK's EMPLOYMENT OFFICE— PRO^
-A- prietors of summer resorts will find in this
well-known and reliable agency the best male aud
female help. 315 Stockton si., tel. 1304.
/CHINESE AND JAPANESE EMPLOYMENT
\J office; best help. 414 1 O'Farrell: tel. K. 42&
p HINESE AND JAPANESE RKLIABLK
/help; tel. Main 1997. RRADLKY&CO.. 040 Clay.
1> C. li. COOK'S SOU SUPPLIES COOKS; ALL
. branches -.short notice. i4(,<*arv. tel. Grant 49.
~f W.JIM. CHINKSE-JAPANESIi EMPLOY-
O • merit ollice. 637 Commercial. TeL Black 1261.
1 T ANE>E AND CHINESE EMPLOYMENT
O office; best help. 3148 Sutter: tel. Grant 30.
TTUXTER* CO., CHINESE" AND JAPANESE
XX employment office, 17 Webb si., below Kear-
ny, bet. California and Sacramento, tel. 231.
lA ANTED- SITUATION AS CHOREMAX;
*» middle-aged man: fully understands care of
horses; good milker or garden work; best city
reference. A. 8., box 5, Call Office. ■
p ARDENER — A FIRST-CLASS GERMAN
VJ gardener wishes po-sltlon; knows how to run
gasoline engine: first-class references. Address
Gardener, box 87, this office.
pOACHMAN— ENGLISH, 30, THOROUGHLY
\J understands care of horses and carriages : good
careful driver; generally useful. ALFRED, 511
O'Farrell st.
B" USINESS MAN WILL FIND IT AX AD-
vantage to employ advertiser: active, honest
and energetic: character can bear strictest investi-
gation; not afraid of work; raised to hardware,
mechanics' tools, etc. Address W. C, box 88, this
oilice.
HARDWARE, MECHANICS' TOOLS, ETC.—
II Young man desires position in city or country
store at once; salary no object; not afraid of work.
CAMPBELL, 1336 Bush st.
p ARDENER — FIRST-CLASS GARDENER;
'.' understands all branches of gardening; hns
goo 1 references: wishes a steady situation: sober.
Gardener, box 30, Call office.
pOMPETEXT HOUSE PAINTER WITH
VJ tools wants work by the day or piecework;
city or coun.ry; will work cheap. Painter, 23
Pleasant st.
X ACTIVE YOUNG JAPANESE WANTS A
situation to clean office or store, etc. U. M.,
709 Geary St.
OY BETWEEN 16 AND 17 YEARS OF AGE
would like to get employment. Call or address
315 Ivy aye. /■-,--> :
yOU.NO MAN WISHES SITUATION AS
-I nurse or to do conking and housework for 4
men or good family. Address A. 11., box 62, Call.
ffl»OC BON C S T< ) AN V V. INTII AT WILL
»4i— secure me steady situation of any kind;
good worker: handy with tools. Address F. C,
box 74. Call Office.
SITUATION WANTED BY A YOUNG MAN,
l 3 aged 23, as clerk In grocery or gents' furnish-
ing store; experience and reference. Address 496
Elsie St., near Twenty-ninth and Mission.
jiUTCHKR .BUSINESS; WANT TO LEARN
»> It; will work without wages.- C. D., box 68,
Call Office.
pRADUATE OF HKALD'S BUSINESS COL-
VJT lege wants position; good references; wages
no object. Address 1310 Fulton st.
HELIABLK young max wishes TO
learn bla.-ksmitb trade. Address S. A., box
6-4, this OfHce.
£ OBEB YOUNG MAN WISHES PERMA-
O neat employment: city or country; good ref-
erences. Ad. sh S. 8., box 106. Call Office.
'O ITUATION AS COOK BY GOOD AMERICAN
0 cook; sober and reliable; state wages. Address
G. W., box 90, Call Otlice.
lisi-i i,a.» MEAT AND PASTRY COOK.
1 with wife, wants situation In ho. el, camp or
sawmill; 20 years' reference. Address Cook, box
8. Call Office, Oakland.
pOACHMAX: FIRST-CLASS: SINGLE: THOR-
VJ oughly understands' the care of line horses,
carriages, and is a good, careful driver: is strictly
temperate, industrious and obliging; has long ex-
perience In the care of gentle-man's place: has best
of New V ork and Chicago references. Address E.
STACK, 321 Ellis St.
YOUNG MARRIED MAN, WRITING AND
1 speaking German, French, Spanish and English
fluently, desires a position; best city references-
Address E. X., box 31. this office.
OACHMAN, ENGLISH, AGED 28, SINGLE,
\J would like Bit tint ion in private family; town or
country: iirst-class references. Address English,
box 99, Call.
HOT BLOB RANCH M A N AGfeß— >f a (T AND
11 wife desire charge of hotel, ranch, public in-
stitution or other property In Southern California;
large experience In handling help. Manager,
P. ". box 2217. Baa Francisco.
\\r ANTED— SITUATION BY AN ELDERLY
*» experienced German gardener: handy with
tools; sober; or take care of a gentleman's place.
or any position of trust. Address C. M., box 71,
this office.
"V'bUXG MAX WANTS WORK IN PRIVATE
J. family: make himself, generally useful about
place: understands care of horses: careful driver;
best reference. ROBT. AXXKTT, 869 Market st.
V)KSPi.CTABLE POSITION WANTED BY A
J.I young man in town or country. Address D. F.,
box 137, Call Office.
pOOD STEADY uOY WISHES TO LEARN
"T a trade; machinist preferred. Address J. M.,
2115 Pacific aye., Alameda.
ST-C L ASS MACHINE-HAND (SHAPER,
•T trimmer, etc.) and cabinet- maker wants situa-
tion; city or country. Address C. H., box 64, Call.
NGINEER DESIRES SITUATION; CITY OR
-i country; first-class reference: wages reason-
able. Address H., box 81, this office.
CHESTER HOUSE, .44 THIRD, NEAR
" Market— Electric lights In every room; 200
rooms; 25c to $1 50 per night: »1 50 to $6 per
week; free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
\\T INCH ESTER USE, 44 THIRD, NEAR
»» Market— Electric lights in every room; 200
rooms: Me to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to $6 per
ufek: fre-busHnl baggage 10 and from the ferry.
FEMALE HELP WANTED.
AXTED^T F I X ST-C LA S3 COOK FOR
private family, $35; nurse for two children,
country, f'^6; nurse, San Jose, *20; chambermaid,
waitress, first-class boarding-house, f 20; Protestant
seconit girl, ? 20; nurse. $16;~2O good housework
(.iris for city and country. MISS PLUXKETT,
424 Sutler St.
WISS CHAMBERMAID. CITY, $17 50~;
IO waitress, country boarding-bouse. $15:1 girl
with references, housework, city, $20; girl for
housework, city, $17 60; girls, housework, city and
country, *20 and $26. C. R. HANSEN <t" CO,,
110 Geary st.
A" A NXIK BERGSTROM. THE CHAMBER-
-I\. niald, please reporu C. R. HANSEN * CO.,
1 10 Geary st. • ;
OOK. -EOT lON GANG. $18; WAITRESS,
/ plain place, $15, fare paid; German or Scandi-
navian second girl, 20. MURRAY it READY,
634 Clay st.
AT THE WOMEN'S EDUCATIONAL AND
-TV Industrial Union, 7 Van Ness aye., dress-
making, millinery, halrdrcsying, manicuring,
French, Gniman, Spanish, elocution and paint-
ing taught for SI 50 per month; singing and cook-
ing taught fur $1 per month; all kinds of female
help supplied.
OOK. HOUSEWORK, $20: GIRLS TO AS-
V_ sist. «12, $18. Call early Monday, German
Employment Office, £06 Mason st.
IT I*'1 *' 11GET1C LADY TO MANAGE install-
J merit club for dressmaker. Call 508 Sutter St.,
room ii.
/ UJ ' i * TAILORESS: ALSO APPRENTICE OX
VJ custom coats. 606 Pacific st.
W ANTED— GIRL TO D> COOKING AND
»T general housework; German, Swede. Ameri-
can or Scandinavian. 40 Bartlett St., from 10 to
12 a. M.
\\r ANTED— ONCE, COMPETENT LAI'S-
»T dress to help with chamber and linen-room
work for summer resort. Address with references
Resort, box V, Call Office, Oakland.
WANTED— AT ONCE A COMPETENT GEN-
»> era! cook for summer resort. Address with
references Resort, box 10, Call oflice, Oakland.
pOAT-FINISHERS AND APPRENTICES-
VJ 541 Market st.
TTHE SWEDISH AND GERMAN EM-
ploymenl Bureau, 316: butter Bt., first-class
girls await situations.
\ IT OMAN WANTED FOR PLAIN HOUSE-
"* work. 20 Teharaa st.
"\7 ERY. YOUNG GIRL OR WOMAN TO ASSIST
> housework; no wages, but. lovely country
home. Address Home, box 73, Call Office.
\\r ANTED— GERMAN GIRL ABOUT 15 TO
» I assist: good home and education; orphan pre-
ferred. 2022 Van .Ness avo. .
ANTED-PUPILS TO LEARN MILLIN-
*' cry; thorough satisfaction given; elegant
goods to work with. 1104 Market at., room 32
second floor. '
WANTED— YODNG. girl to ASSIST IX
»T care of child 9 years old; wages $8 a month.
Call at 15a Belvedere sU, opp. "Chutes" beu 10
IV ANTED-SALESLADY AT PIONEER DRY-
»' goods store, 106 Fifth st.
\\ AXT EU— GIRLS. GOOD FINISHERS ON
*' pants. Apply at once 606 Broadway, rm. 86.
DEFINED, INTELLIGENT WOMAN FOR
11 office position with a wholesale house; one
W i lU ,'.°V, , ."Perlence preferred; references. Box
71, all Office.
GIRL ABOUT 15 YEARS. TO HELP IN
I bakery sum*. Apply 40 j Devlsadero su
HKI.P WANTED— Continued. ;
Tj A ? TTPBWBITKB WISHING TO LEAKS
*. i^ " ort n " (l nnder experience.! stenographer.
Address Steno.. box 63. Call OMi-e.
rANT h:1) — PUPILS FOR millinery
■ school; course thorough, practical: satisfaction
guaranteed; reasonable. 410 Leavenworth st.
VV^- A . N C °OK FOR BUSINESS lunch.
* ' 705 Mattery s .
A gents wanted for -femina," a wo- '
nil I L s book < by Dr. John A. Miller, at his Poly- I
™' c , } sarmac5 armac 1018 Valencia si. For women
and children^ free consultations from 2 to 4.
V V A ! , E p-«IRL ABOUT 16 YEARS OLD IN
hnmi in umily: near SBn Jose:^permanent
home: will be treated, as one of thei»,l,y; work
V«»ii ww an. nt e(1 more as companion. See lady at
I*l m ?- giDg . house parlors, IB Kills St., bun-
uay, Jiay x l,«t 1 p. m.
A MEIUCAN WOMAN OR STRONG GIRL
:.,*"„ ' st - housework; care of children; home and
permanent place if satisfactory. 310 Clipper st.
M AGhj ° WOMAN CAN SECURE I
Va!efic"ast : exchan 6° "K'lt work. 1324
O^ UM , A N UIIa IN SMALL FAMILY; MUST |
__L___|n cooking. 462Xatomast.
VRK . KItIKH AND CREAM Be; ICE-
Fourth™. " Cake 6c - Seattle Restaurant, 137 |
H C « M^ OJTERED TO AN HONEST GIRL i
2 For . nBßtion housekeeping for '
- lor Particulars write T. M. I. UK Vl, 1:, Alviso.
G l in;iVV N " IKi:: GENERAL HOUSEWORK
VJ_and plain cooking. _.76 Fifteenth st.,nr. Noe.
F^O^uu^. «™akers7-Buwhay;
M°\vT n rh N V K ; N " '* : * T AND RESPECTABLE:
"00 room^ 5? House ' « Third si., near Market
per week ? i r j£ '° 9l B0 ver nlghl < * J so lo $*
per week, free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
Handi'v^V* 51 0 - <25c AND 35 « : MORNING
■A-I. and eve classes; 10les8ons,»l 50. 1248 Mission.
A I t'in HK: !!. nCES TO LEARN • DP.ESS CUT-
-n ting and making. 14 McAllister. rms67 and 68.
D^oifi^'^ I^ l^"' CUTTING AND FITTING
»6ci D B^t?, e H^ tyleB: perfect nttln X Patterns
-&c up. McDOWKLL Academy. 21H Powell st.
MALE HELP WANTED.
lV; AoKyMlri1 ' * l 75 DAY AND FOUND,
*;. Co J"l lry 8hop; 3 cherry-pickers, *15; 3 milk-
J^fl v,"£',7 a \ 3 vineyard-hands: farmer and
vsif& MURRAY & READY, 634 Clay st.
rj°s K AND WIFE, SMALL HOTEL NEVR
Wcity: 3 cooks, $30 to 565: 2 waiters, $30- 2
waiter-boys; baker for country. *40: porter, coun-
try hotel. RUAi.A READY. 634 Clay st.
90 TIEMAKKRS.BC AND 10c EACH; GAR-
***-' dener. private family . if JO; boy for garden;
M l rT I i» m t l l. fO .J' 110161 *1 5 ' a "" 1 ' man other Places
MURRAY A READY. 634 lav st.
lir ANTED— MEN TO DO COMMON WORK
•» outside a mine, $42 per month, steady place;
also farmers, milkers, cooks, waiters and dish-
washers. W. D. KWKR £ CO., 626 Clay st.
-) FIRST-CLASS HOTEL WAITERS, $30-
-- broiler, hotel, $40; cook and wife, small couu-
try restaurant, «30. C. It. H.VNSEN & CO.. 110
Geary st.
~A D. RICHMOND AND WIFE PLEASE
£*-• call or send address. R. T. WARD & CO..
608 and 810 Clay st.
\\ r ANTED— MANAGER THOROUGHLY CON-
'» versant with newspaper method of gelling sub-
scription books. W. E. BENJAMIN, publisher,
10 West Twenty-second st., N. Y.
\\ r ANTED— YOUNG" MAN WHO UNDER-
'» stands nursery work: wages *16. 512 Halghl.
*^ TAILORS WAXTED. 541 MARKET ST.
/>OOK WANTED. 131 THIRD ST. ~
IMMEDIATELY: TEAMSTERS AND RANCH
j_hands. 921 Broadway, room 10, Oakland.
■yOUNG MAN TO ASSIST IN BOOKKEEP-
•- Ing; must write good hand and come well
recommended: wages small to begin and no smok-
ing. Address B. X., box 101, Call I Ml.,
VI' ANTED — AN IXPEKIENCED SHOE
'» salesman for a store in the country. Apply 19
Battery Bt.. first floor.
ftOATO ?40 A WEKK TO TAKE ORDERS
'« —\J for new family fireproof deposit case, tele-
phones and other, electric goods; aluminum photo-
graph cases for monuments; aluminum sign letters
and numbers lor stores, houses, hotels and Ve-
hicles; collar and cuff polishers and mail}- special-
ties. Write World Manufacturing Company, W7.
Columbus. Ohio.
AN 1 ID-PARTNER WITH MODERATE
' ' means as partner in hardware and new tool-
work, electric work; ato -I show for man to build
up a new business. Address Partner, box 62, Call.
\\T ORKkTg~~PAKTNER WITH $25: GOOD
'' proposition. M., box 64, :hU office.
GENTLEMEN J OTA Xl SUNNY FURNISH-
ed rooms; $1 up. 545 Mission st.
YOUNG MAN; GOOD PAIXTER FOR IX-
X side hotel work out of town; $25 a month and
found. Address A. H., box 30, Call Office.
LOR SALE— BARBERSHOP. AT. BARGAIN;
X 3 chair-; short hours; trial before purchasing:
best of trade. Particulars address US., box 105
Call otlice.
\y ANTED— AND WOMEN TO WORK
"at home; I pay $8 to $16 per week for making
crayon portraits: new patented method; anyone
who can read or write can do the work at home in
spare time day or evening: send for particulars
and begin work at once. Address H. A. GRIPP,
German artist, Tyrone, Pa.
ARN ESS-MAKER; FAIR WAGES; MUST
have $100; good security, with Interest. Ap-
ply J. P. JOHNSTON &CO, 872 Broadway, Oak-
land. •
MAN, ABLE TO SPEAK GERMAN, IN A
wholesale and retail liquor-house, as bar-
keeper; must understand mixing drinks; only one
with best references from last employer of re-
spectable business-house need apply. T. 8., box
tßjvJ.-ffk ELEGANT TWO-CHAIR BaRBKR-
%)^nJ\J . shop; across bay; Improved revolving
chairs: all other furniture oak: cheap rent; 3
baths; 5 living rooms: can show to purchaser well-
paylug, elegant shop; fullest investigation. . T.
i.UBKLsKI, 7 City Hall avenue.
WANTED— ESTIMATES OX well-bor"
*T lug. BURWICK »fc SPINK, SO4 Sutter st.
\STHMA CURE GUARANTEED; DR. GOR-
x*- din's Chocolate Emulsion. 221 Davis, nr. Clay.
Strawberries and cream, 5 cents;
0 Icecream aud cake, 5 cents. Seattle Ke.itau-
rant, 137 Fourth su
Spew WALDO HOUSE, 765 MISSION, BET.
XI 3d and 4th— Single furnished rooms, night lac
to sOc:«veek,9l to $2 50; reading-room at-
tention to mornlngralls;clean;quiet: open ail night
JAPANESE INTELLIGENCE OFFICE. 413
Stevenson st., bet. Fifth and Sixth.
A FRESH EGGS, COFFEE, ETC, 10c: 3 EGGS,
jl chops, steak or ham, 10c. 635 Clay st.
"PEOPLE WISHING TO MAKE MONEY EAS-
X. lly apply to 1516 Stockton st.
\ \T I N C I I X RHoI S X, 44TUIRDST..NEAR
'» Market; 200 rooms. 25 cents a night; reading-
room: free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
ES. REMOVED 609 TO 643 CL A Y ST. jiOT-
-i. tie wine or beer hot lunch 5 cents.
ROOMS ISO TO 75c PER NIGHT: 50c TO *1 50
per week. Oriental, 225 Drumm su
\ RANTED- AT ROOM 317, 328 MONTGOM-
»' cry sU. clerks ana laborers to call It they do
not receive their just dues; no charge unless suc-
cessful: suits: Superior and Justice Courts.
\\r ANTED — MEN TO Li- ARS BARBER
" trade; only 8 weeks required: tools given and
catalogue sent. S. F. Barber School, 1516 Howard.
LE RK S 1 A D LABORERS' CLAIMS B'GHT;
\J ac'ta adjusted. RATTO'S, &12 My, tel. m. 353.
ivOURQUINS CALA ASTHMATIC PAPER
if Instant relief. For sale by all druggists or Ceo-
tral Pharmacy. SW. cor. Grnnt aye. and Sutler
\Y ANTED— AN IDEA: WHO CAN THINK OF
'' some simple thing to patent? Protect your
Ijfr o^?', \ hey may bri " X > ou wealth. Write JOHN
WEDDERBURX _ fO., Dept. L, Patent Attor-
neys, \V ashlncton, D. c, for their $1800 prize offer
and list of 200 inventions wanted.
BEST IN CITY-SING « E ROOMS, 15, 20 AND
25 cents per night. fi. $1 25. XI 60 per week.
Pacific house. Commercial and Leidesdorff sts.
\\ r ANTED.TO COLLECT WAGES DUE LABOR
'' enntclerKa. KNOX Collection Agcy, 110 Sutter
I>ARBERS— FOR EMPLOYMENT CALL SEC-
XJ re'.arv Barbers' Amp.. 325 Grant aye. S. FUCH3. '
jJARBERS' PROTKCTIVK UNION EMPLOY-'
J > ment secretary. CONRAD TROKLL. 657 Clay.
a rb sits 1 ASSOCIATION OF CAL. kmploy-
JJ menu Secy, p. C. Hamann, 2381 _ O'Farrell.
I IM'KLI. BOUSB. SIXTH AND » HOWARD
' -i sts.; single furnished ran 75c week, 15c night.
.TH hr « Ut ' . : t-'ONTIXEXTAL HOUSE, 521
0 Pacific si., below Kearny; lodging half price. sc.
10c, 15c pr night ;clean beds ; Bunny rooms.no bunks
VVT ANTED- LABORERS AND MECHANICS
" to know that Ed Rolkin, Reno House propri"
tor, still runs Denver House, 217 Third su- 160
large rooms; 26c per night; $1 to $3 per week!
VV^ A T,,i! Ht;KK KOTOS, an SACRAMENTO
si, «t-: 200 rooms; best In the city slng.e rooms
20 and 25c a night. »1 a week: meals 10c.
VI EN'S %-SOLING 60o; LADIEV 4(Jc- DONE
1U while yon wait. 038 Market, opp. Palac^ HoieL
l(lO M^-^_' 1 TAKE LODGING AT lOc. 15c
Da u'm 20c a nl « bt ' '"Eluding coSee and roll*
624 Washington st.. near Kearny. -
\\rK ARK SHOK DOCTORS; WE REPAIR
,,1 SK Old Bhoes an<l nlake them »« goort a* «e w .
and with our t, C w machines we can do your work
Sm : Rlf the H? "* 1 l>rice '> done wnlle you wait.
662 Mission sU, between First and Second sts.
M EN TO FEED MANHATTAN STOCK FOOD;
■I* all grocers keep lv - i
VI EN'S . SECOND-HAND SHOES. SOMK
f"- nearly new. 25c to $1 25. 662 Mission. V - :
ELCHO HOUSE. 863V4 MARKET ST.-
Rooms 20c. 25c. to 60c. night; $1 to t5 week.
Ti^REE BEER-TWo SCHOONERS FOli Sc;
X also a bottl eof lager. 6c. at 637 Clay st. -
'pY ACME HOLiSK, ti.>7 MAKKET ST., BE-
-1 low Sixth." for room: 2fto a night: fl a week.. '
\i[ ANTED— SINGLE - ROOMS, 150 A DAY; SI
"' v"ek; rooms for two, 26c a day. 91 60 a week; .
reading-room; daily pawent. 36 <'la>- nU •
BOOMS WANTED,
rpHREE.OR 4 FURNISHED ROOMS: PRI-
X vat« or upper flat; housokeeplog; references.
W. A., box 83, this office.
: ___V;'* •':''''^ L --j^- PERSONALS. ■' ; j
AT RS. DAVID A. DA V I sTJaTIIM M EDI AT E-
■"•*■ at 1715 Mason st.: impor.ant busiress.
U'l)R FATHER.
TTIGIIL-V : RESPECTABLE WIDOW 36,
11 stranger, wishes the acquaintance of gentle-
man; same qualifications; 40 to 45; object friend-
snip. G. 8.. box 71. Call Offlce.
rj T L M AN, SOBER AXD INDUSTRIOUS,
\* with good habits, wants to meet respectable
lady; object matrimony. .- ddress M., box 62, Call.
VV M. SANDERSON, PLEASE CAUL AT 415%
'' . Montgomery st.
OCIETY LADIES NOT WANTING THE RE-
-0 sponsibilty of their babes can find a mother's
care for them in Ali.meda; reference. Address H. I
w.. general delivery, Alameda. Cal.
ADVICE FREE; DIVORCE LAWS A SPE- !
cialty; private: no charge unless successful; all
law suits, claim*, collections wills, fields etc., a;- 1
tended to. G.W. HOWE,atty-at-law, 850 Market st
rpHERE ARE OTHER HAIRDRESSERS AXD
L other hairdressins parlor, on my street and on
my block, but they are not G. i.EDKRER'S; my
number is 111 Stockton st.; loook for it: price for
dressing the hair 25c.
CHIROMANCY (PALMISTRY) TAUGHT
\J and tin- hand read; from 50c. 1422 Hyde st.
PARISIAN MILLINERY BCHO L; A FULL
-»- course taught In six weeks: competent gradu-
ates guaranteed positions. 8 Go.den Gate aye.
GI. DECSI
• (Late of Pnns and London).
DESIGNER OF STANDARD SYSTEM
IN
LADIES' GARMENTS, CAPES, ETC..
Will teach above method at customer's domicile
if required.
For information and prices inquire at 1714 Post
Street. ■
Patterns of any design promptly executed.
DANCING— BA LLROOMC-R STAGE TAUGHT.
IRVINE'S, 927 Mission St., opp. U. S. Mint.
T> AG CARPETS WOVE TO ORDER, FOR SaTeT
J \> also chenille-wove rugs, silk-rag portieres: deal-
er in carpet twine in hank or chain at lowest rates.
GEO. MATTHEW. 709 Fifth St.. Oakland, Cal.
GENTLEMAN WISHES FEW PRACTICAL
VJ lessons in Spanish pronunciation; Mexican or
South American preferred; state terms. S. P..
box 30, Call Ofllce.
VOX ADOPTION-HEALTHY BOY BaBY; 2
X years of age: 82000 cash goes with the boy. Ad-
dress 11., box 285. Call Ollice.
\f- LEIXSKY. THE UPHOLSTERER. HAS
-"A. removed from 1618 Stockton st. to 229
Seventh.
HAIR DRESSED ANY STYLE, 25c: SHAM-
■n^rS^T, 25c: manicure, 25c; lessons. MRS.
BUTLER, 131 Post St., room 20.
rriO LET— LOUGHKAD HALL, COR. OF SAC-
I. ramento and Polk sts.: newly furnished and
decorated: suitable for lectures, dancing or lodges.
THE' ECONOMY" MILLINERY, RED FRONT
X 40, 46 Mxth st; children's school hats sc; dyed,
pressed 25c.; hats trimmed 25c; feathers curled 5c
]Vf ISFIT PARLORS. 310 3D ST., SELLS AND
ux buys fashionable ladles' clothing; refitting free.
LIBERAL, AD VAN Olid O-S DIAMONDS, JliNV-
elry, etc: lowest rates. 94S Market st,
OPECIAL-SOL. SHIPPER* CO., MERCHANT
Tailors. Spreckels building, 927 Market, rm. 317.
Gentlemen furnishing cloth can have suits or over-
coats made from $9 up: trousers *2 up; workman-
ship and trimmings guaranteed ; self -measurement
cards sent free; country trade solicited.
oTTsMILLKkT'I 111. accordian-maker,
removed to 706 Mission St., near Third.
TRUN MOVED, 25 CENTS, COMMERCIAL
J-Trunsfer company. 43 Sutter st.; telephone
main 49; keep your checks lor us.
NUMBER OF THAT BIG HAIRDRESS-
i- ing establishment on Stockton street that
dresses hair m any style for 25 cents is 111, and
the name Is G. LKDERER. Don't make a mistake. i
REWARD-THE M e"r~Pa INTERS' AS-
sociatlon offer a reward of $20 for Information
leading to the arrest and conviction of any one
stealing tools or material from any of the places
where work Is being done.
1 tif Wl CARDS, fl 60: SHOW CARDS, 15c;
J.UUU tel. Black 141. HILL. 22 Geary St.. r. 39.
ASK YOUR DRUGGIST FOR VERMONT
Hair Wash; cures scalp diseases: take no other.
AZOR EXCHANGE, 630 MARKET ST.:
Xt fine edge pat on razor for 25 cent*.
A TTHE VERY LOWEST EASY TERMS YOU
Sl can buy furniture, carpets, blankets, etc. : also
dress goods, cloaks, jewelry, at M. ROTHS-
< HII.DS, 213-215 Mason St. ; Open evenlnga.
ELECTRIC LIGHTS IN EVERY ROOM I
Winchester House, 44 Third St., near Market;
200 rooms, 25c to $1 50 per night: $1 50 to $6 per
week; free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
SOT V NskT, LEADING LADIES' HAIR-
• dresser, removed 10 24 Geary. Popular prices.
PARTIXGTOX'S school OF MAGAZINE
and Newspaper Illustration: day and evenln?
classes: instructors. J. H. K. Partlngton, Gertrude
Panlngton.K.L Pariington. Particulars 424 Pins st
DR. DUCKETT, 1703 POsT ST.. NEAR BU-
cnanan; gas given; crown and bridge work.
CITY OF PARIS LAUNDRY. FORMERLY 132
/ Geary, rvicc ve<i from Larkln st. to 119 stock-
ton ; first-class laundry. MRS. JA USSa I'D.
ffi{ 1 A KOUM: CAKPKTS CLEANED ON TUB
tip L floor. 206 Leavenworth st. ■
BIG OUTDOOR STKREOPTICOX SHOW EVE-
XJ ry night cor. Market and Sixth sts.; artistic ad-
vertisements In living light; promoters of busi-
ness. • Consult OWL ADV. CO., 1140 Market st,
LrD GOLD. silver, GENTS' and LADIES 1
clothing bought. COLMAN, 41 So. cor. Jessie.
i~UX>AKS. CAPES ANI» SUITS RETAILED AT
VJ rofrs' cost. Paotorr, -JO Sr,n»oni» s'... np*talri.
DKKSSHAhKKS.
STYLISH stars, S3 UP; "SKIRTS. 75c UP;
fit guaranteed. 659 Stevenson st., nr.Seventh.
REUSES UP: WRAPPERS 35 CENTS UP:
lawn $1 up. 5055, i Natoma st.. above Sixth.
LOST. ~~~
I OST— CERTIFICATE OF DEPOSIT "fOR
• on the Security Savings and Trust Company,
Portland, Or., dated October 11, payable to H. M.
JON ES. Finder return to 10 Day st. : reward.
LOST— A PASSBOOK WITH THE HI ER NIA
Savings and Loan Society of San Francisco, in
Ihenameof AGNES PRESTON or JOHN PRES-
TON: No. 96.17 L The finder will please return
to bank.
MALL BLACK SKYE-TERRIER DOG. re-
turn to 365 Minna and receive $2 50 reward.
1 OST— A PASSBOOK WITH THE EfIBEKNIA
JJ savings and Loan society of San Francisco, in
the name of ELLA W. caktnkv: No. 184,836.
Th» finder will please return to bank.
■ "FOUND.
I?OUXD— F<>X TERRIER BITCH. APPLY
: W. cor. Twenty-third and Florida sis.
" AGENTS WANTED. —
SOLICITOR WAXTED IN EVERY COUXTY
k~ on Pacific Coast to sell "Lightning ScUsors-
Sharpeuer"; send 25c for sample and terms. E.
OVBTQWE, box &41, san Jose, • a:. • •
f ' AXV A s s EBSFOBST A P LE A RTICLESPAT-
V :ng 1 opercent;0 percent; men or women. 1155 Mission.
\ GENTS — MALE OB FEMALE; cTty"sr
-tv country; cull or send 10c for sample and
terms. Pacific Chemical and Manufacturing Com-
puny. 826 Twenty-first st., Oakland, Cal.
A GENTS' EXPERIENCE HAS PROVEN
-.1- that we have the only and best selling lino of
novelties for hard times. ALUMINUM NOVELTY
CO., 110 suiter st.
KUKXITUKK WANTED.
A MA LONE PAYS 'JO PER CENT MORE
-A than elsewhere for furniture to fill country
orders. Leave orders at KING'S, 3 Fourth ot.
"IF YOU WANT GOOD PRICES FOR FLRNI-
X Hire and merchandise see BURP, -ill Larkin.
KI'ORE SELLING YOUR FURNITURE
send for Simmons Auction Co.. 1057 Market.
O BA~SCH. 321 SUTTER, WANTS FURNI-
O» ture, saloons and merchandise: highest price.
, MAYER BUYS your furniture,
. carpets, piano. 1135 Market; tei. Jessie 761.
GALL ON J. C MUTUER, 521 KEAKNY. IF
V.' you want highest cash price for your furniture,
carpets, pianos, or merchandise of any kind.
HOUSES ANTED.
\\r A XTE D- A MODE ; RX S IU^nVI^LAT^H^S
" or 4 rooms and bath. Address, statins full
particulars. W. C, box 88, Call Office.
\\T A -'FURNISHED FLAT FOR 3,
»' north of Market, east of Franklin. Address
with terms, W. R., box 63, Call Office.
ANTED TO RENT BY JUNK I— COMFORT-
abIe modern 10-room dwelling, north or west
side of street; Western Addition; for small family.
Address terms, Postofiice box 2651.
ROOMS AND BOARDING WANTED.
O^^?^^WOULD~L7kE ROOM AN D BOARD
in faml'y: $15. A., box 4. Call.
WANTED -MISCELLANEOUS.
tSm?<TIN^^uWITT B7n7GTIT^AI?D^oTD^
HILL, 221,;. Geary st. Tel. black 141.
V\T anTED— ESTIMATES OX WELL-BORING.
»V Address BURWICK & SPINK, 504 Suiter st.
SAFE WANTED— MUST BE IN GOOD COX-
ditlon. Address, with price, etc., J. X., box 84,
this offlce. •■ ■
ANTED— NATIONAL CASH REGISTER;
»" must be a total-adder and in good condition.
Address W.X., box 06, this office.
"ANTED — SECOND - HAND NATIONAL
cash register; give style, price and number
Address Cash, box 108. this oflice.
HIGHr-.BT PRICE PA D FOR CAST-OFF
. clothing and jewelry. A., box 2, Call.
OELL YOUR BOOKS. CLOTHING AND JEW
O elrv to A. KLEIN. 109 Sixth st. : Bend postal.
SEWING MACHINES. — —
ijft*>A""NEW. ; HOME "SEWING -MACHINE^
«2)^il/. cost $70. 2437 Mission St., near Twenty.
first. .' . , \ •;-*.;.
(ljjC UPWARD; KB NT $1 50 TO *1 75
<tPO monthly;., repairing 26c; bought and ex-
changed; needles for all machines. 145 Sixth au
A LL KINDS BOUGHT, SOLD, EXCHANGED.
H- rented, repaired; lowest rate, SOS Fourth st.
COUNTRY lt£AL ESTATE.
O'FA KRELL it CO^ ' ~~~~
DAVID BUSH. COUNTRY" DEPARTMENT,
11 MONTGOMERY ST. !
<5»1 9Hn FOR I«0 ACRES ON THE ROAD
— VJKf from New Almaden to Giiroyonthe
■ Uvas Creek, Sa>ua Clara County; good vine-
yard or orchard land if cleared, plenty of
water and a good cabin on the place: a beau-
tiful and romantic spot.
Q9^fMl 127 ACRES ON HOWECLMOUX-
<?— <J\J\J. tain, ;>apa County, n ar Angwin's
Hotel: 20 acres In fnll-bearinc wine grapes.
1 I A TO 50 ACRES OF THE BEST VINEYARD
. X\J and orchard land in Santa Clara Valley: only
IVi miles from Mountain View station: at
$125 per acre, worth $250.
| fl;97^n FOR 31 ACRES- ALL OUT IN
! <jp-J I O\.l grain; iy 2 acres in alfalfa; with 2
acres of garden land; younc orchard; near
school; with a nicely fi r.iished bouse of 5
rooms: barn; all the StOCK and tools; only
5750 cash required, balance 8 to 5 years at 7
percent; 2 5 4 in la* from depot and steamer
landing at Martinez, Contra Cos' a County.
QJ.-M PER ACRE; 132 ACRES; 1 MILK
r^O\J from Pinole railroad station, Contra Costa
County: li miles from Oakland: on county
road: 10 acres of 7-year-old French prunes; 2
acres In family orchard*, with 15 oranges and
60 olives; new 5-room cottage; barn; fine
spring with windmill and tank-, this is a bar-
gain; reduced from $75 per acre.
©17 Kfl AN ACRE— ACRES 8 MILES
<£)J- I • ♦'" from Mountain View, near Cuper-
tino; adjoins th,- celebrated vineyards of Mr.
P. Klein and John T. Doyle: aeon! 30 acres
cleared capable- or cultivation; 8% acres in
Xiniaiidel wine grapes; about 100 olives and
apples in bearing; water from springs; hand-
somely wooded: small 2-room house: no
barn; could be made an ideal place and is
very chi ap.
QtA~\ "\l\ PER ACHE— FOR 145% ACRES, 3
\p^iX..iJ\.r miles from depot and steamer land-
ing at Martinez. Contra, Costa County: about
25 acres in bearing wine crapes untouched by
frost: 10 acres in pea*s and prunes, etc., with
heavy crop: about 15 acres in grain, balance
rolling and hill vineyard, grain and pasture
land, well wooded; house, barn and outbuild-
ings: windmill and tank: nicely fenced and
cross-fenced; easy terms II desired; a great
bargain. ■•:.-•
FOR EXCHANGE FOR SAN FRANCISCO
property, improved or unimproved, iiii..
acres 1 mile from Sunol, Alameda County;
all out in apricots, prunes and peaches: nice
hard-finished house of 5 rooms: well and
pump; water pipea to house and barn; flow-
ers and shruDb ry; lovely profitable suburban
home; price $.500. 00
ALSO, FOR SALE OR EXCHANGE — liy
-T\- acres rich loam soil, on well-watered coun m
road. 8 miles from Santa Cruz and 4 miles fro
Capitola: 15 acres in Zlnfandel wine grapes;
8 acres in orchard in Dealing, balance hay
and pasture land, we 1 wooded: springs and
trout stream: good house, with hot and cold
water;, burn and outbuildings: all necessary
funning implements: price $7000.
FOR RENT— FIXE FURNISHED HOUSE
of 10 rooms, overlooking the town and bay at
Santa Cruz; rent $420 per annum or for the
season; also a nice furnished cottage of 7
rooms, with 3 acres'of orchard and meadow
land with fine improvements: fine view of
mountains and Monterey Bay; rent *35 a
month: not less than 0 months.
V\riNE GRAPES— I AM READY TO COX-
" tract from 200 to 300 tons of win» grapes,
raised on rolling and hill land untouched by
frost, about four-fifths of which are red wine
grapes, within 1 mile of depot or steamer
landing: price on application.
VERY CHEAP PLACE.
Said to be the best place in Tuolumne
County for general farming, and is known as the
Cloudman ranch: contains 1273 acres of land; 400
acres of tine, level land, will grow grain or fruit:
the balance good pasture land, suitable for cattle,
hogs or sheep. It is located on the main road,
and the central point between Oakdale, Bonora,
Chinese Camp and Knights Ferry. Ii is a stopping
place for the traveling public, being on the road
Ito Yosemite Valley. Postollice, telephone office,
hotel and feedvurd, blacksmith-shop all on the
place and are paying good rents. A lot of per-
sonal property will go with the place if desired.
Pasture will carry from 300 to 500 head of caitle.
If sold within 30 days will take 1,000: part cash,
balance 4 years at 6 per cent interest per annum.
\\ w k HAVE for SALE a HOTEL and 3
»» acres of ground in a good railroad town:
hotel well patronized; 26 b.drooms, together with
Office, dining-room, barroom, etc, eta; all fur-
nished complete; a very tine piano in parlor: burn,
outhouses, horses, milch cows, hogs, etc.; fine
water piped to the house and barn.
For sale or exchange —
A GENTLEMAN'S HOME.
SITUATED 2y MILKS WEST OF CALIS-
-0 toga on the far-famed Geyser road, Xapa
County, Cal.; the property consists of 200 acres of
land, about 40 acres in orchard, consisting of |
French prunes, pears, lemons, oranges, peaches
ai pies. figs and walnuts, 117 acre-, of fine meadow
and timber land; balance In bearing vineyard,
planted to claret and sauterne grapes.
LUXE MODERN HOUSE. QUEEX ANNE
I style, situated on a most picturesque wooded
knoll aid commanding an elegant view of sur-
rounding country: surrounding the house are well-
kept lawns and beds of beautiful flowers, rare
trees and plauts: two cottages for employes; stone
dairy ami spring bouse; commodious barns and
other outbuildings.
This place is especially adapted for a gentle-
man's country home: will sell the same for cash
or exchange for property in this State or in the
East.
Inquire Country Department. BOVEE, TOY A
SOXXTAG, 19 Montgomery st. . ,
<^1 I 900 "20 ACRES; DIVIDED INTO 5
0I 1 .—\J\J. stock ranches; improvei and
clear; at $10 per acre or exchange for San Fran-
cisco income property.
$0000— 19 acres; ranch with first-class improve-
ments: 1 mile from ;-onoma: will exchange for
clear city property worth $5000: clear.
$160 1 — 161 2-a-r" ranch: 1% miles from St.
Helo-ia: 14 acres choice wine grapes: house, barn
and family orchard.
$1000— 20-acre chicken ranch near Santa Rosa-
6-ioom house, barn; fruit trees and vines: if you
mean business see me. CIiAS. COLTON," 906
Market st. *
pALO ALTO PALO ALTO.
Palo Alto, the coming town in Santa Clara Val-
ley. £4500 will buy a 2-story building; first floar
stores; second floor nice sunny fiat of 7 rooms and
bath; will pay 13 percent net on the Investment.
THE RICHMOND HOUSE— well-known
property In Palo Alto, containing 15 rooms and
bath, is now being offered for sale lit a great bar-
gain if applied for wi;hlu 30 days. Terms
. $500 cash: kalance $50 per month; interest 0
per cent on defer* d payment.
_!S•.." SO;) — New, modern cottage; 6 rooms and bath:
inclu ing furniture; choice corner: one of the oest
locations in town: owner compelled to leave on ac-
count of sickness. For particulars apply to J. J
MORRIS, Palo Alto, Cal., or 630 Market st., S. F.
ALA.MI PA COUNTY FRUIT LAND, ?35 PER
xi- acre; 37 miles irom San Cisco: farmers
especially invited to investigate. Alameda Land
Co., 57 Chronicle building.
VOX SALE— COZY HOME, FIVE ROOMS; 4
X" lots (ha'f acre): fine place for Bowers or
poultry; *1800, half cash. W. LAMBERT.Milibrae
San Mateo County.
0" RANGE LANDS. ' ' ~
.RANGE LANDS.
BARGAIN PRICEa
BARGAIN PRICES.
$70 PER ACRE.
SIX ANNUAL PAYMENTS.
ORANGE-BLOSSOM COLONY.
ORANGE-BLOSSOM COLONY:
OAK DA STANISLAUS CO., CAL.
A 10-acre orange grove makes a nice home and
at the same time a good Investment: it will cost
yon unimproved $700, planted and cultivated
$1750; about $300 cash, balance In five annual
payments; no interest; the trees planted on this
property will begin bearing In about 3 years, and
the fourth and fifth years will be paying large re-
turns.
We have an experienced horticulturist in charge
of the colony who will care for non-resident own-
ers' properties very reasonably.
For further particulars, maps and circulars ap-
ply to ASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO.,
638 Market St., San Francisco.
OrF. T. KNOWING, our representative, Oakdale,
Cal.
LEGANTLY FURNISHED SUMMER VILLA
and ranch at Los Gatos for sale: furnishings
insured for $5000; property of H. H. DAVIS.
CHAItLi-.S COLTOX, 906 Market st.
1 UC\ ACRES; RANCH IN NAPA VALLEY
J.\J\J for sale on easy terms or exchange for city,
Oakland, Alameda or Berkeley property. Address
410 Kearny st., room 10. '
IGGEST BARGAIN YET! READ THIS—
175 acres fine land, beautifully situated, close
to railroad town, Alameda County: several trains
daily; this land is practically Wei, and well situ-
ated for subdivision in 5 and 10-acre homes- has
abundance of water; $35 per acre buys it; don't
miss this opportunity: as an investment you can
double c . your , money in a short time. H. h.
CRANE. 410 Montgomery st.
JR9OOO FO R I M M E I ) IA I E SALE, BLOCK
E^UUU. of land containing 3 .lots. 65x210
each, in town Alameda County, and embracing 3
cottages, always rented; fruits, flowers: nice home-
f. 0 ! 0 '!^!?' 10 , 01 : . I' erf «' climates cheap. H. h'
CR AN 410 Montgomery st.
OTOCK-RANCH TntTgENERAL FARM, AL C
0 meda County: 330 acres No. 1 grass land •
abundance water; fenced and improvements l
s ock. implements, hay, etc: orice reduced to $-0
per acre, including lease 320 a. res adjoining all
under gooq fence. 11. H. CR A NE.410 Montgomery.
9 s, CR | :S> a 6 MI^ I:TKS> WALK FROM DEPOT:
ii.^Vi' !j am t >d ?v-^ ounty: hollse - barn, etc.;
$1250. H. H. CRANE, 410 Montgomery R. '
A GOOD, OLD-FASHIONED NEW ENGLAND
XV farm: 390 acres richest river bottom laud-
under cultivation; 300 acres In wheat; "crop goes
with sale; -rood house, 7 rooms, cellar- it ilk*
orS b r S: Chicken-house; windmUl' 'fan Iy
orchard: ornamental .trees; beautiful grounds:
sock, tools wagons go with place; price $40 per
""»»* worth today $75: best value in State.
JOHN T. HALL. Alameda, Cal.
yOVH, CHOICE ' UNIftfPRoVKD FKUIT AM.
1 chicken ranches, 8, 9. 10 and 10 acres each: on
££««,« * lerms - * end for our list of improved
property for sale and exchange.
BHA ND & R I BLET. Novato, Marln County.
8. 1-. office, room a. 2d floor, Mills Building.
Pi J l A COSTA COUNTY LAND FOR SALE;
\J send for list. _ D. J. WEST, Martinez, Cal.
MA»IX COUNTY— SOOO ACRES lit} MILES
■"X. from San Francisco.
_ ■ -Rancho de Novato.
Tracts cut any size desired: fruit, grain and
vegetable land: no irrigation; both rait and water
transportation: $40 to 875 per acre; terms made
to suit: sonrt for circular.
Improved dairy farms for sale with cows.
SYNDICATE IX VESTMENT COMPANY, 64
and 65 Chronicle building.
<2* QAN ACRE: 320 ACRES, HOUSE,
vpyJ feuces, fertile soil, living water, plenty of
wood; crops never fall; good- for stock, grain,
i™ l '. • poultry, etc.: terms easy; ..'no-snow; -no
chills. M. A. GRIFFIN, real estate agent, Cot-
touwood, Shasta County, Cal.
COUNTRY BEAL ESTATK— Continued.
"7~ITATtG"A7NT~oTnSN~Ir'&^^ DAYS ONLY;
i\ 160 acres in Sonoma County for $1000, with
20 acres cleared ; 4 acres in orchard and vineyard
for home use: living stream of water: a fine placo
for a chicken or stock ranch; terms, half cash aud
balance on time ;
CM O/"\n 175 ACRES IX ONE OF THE
fJ)±ZV/U. northern counties, with small house
01 4 rooms; 100 acres valley land; balance pasture
and timber; located on main con my road, with
living stream of water through the properly.
(L'QQ^H A NICK LITTLE PLACE OF 10
JITOOUU. acres: all set out to fruit in full bear-
inc ; en line Of railroad from Sun Francisco to San
Jose: house of -i rooms and bath: barn and tank-
house; chicken-houses to accommodate 2000
chickens; $850 cash, balance on long time.
KDWIN K. ALSIP ifc CO.,
Room '.'9, second floor, Mills building, S. F.
(B. 1 a nan 400 ACBJCB, very CHOICE
iJIW.UUI'. improved land, Including a fine
crop: 114 miles river frontage; 100 acres bottom,
extra fertile and worth the money alone: Si miles
from llourl thing railway town: climate excellent:
near famous springs and grea: health resort Ps o
Kobies: this is a rare bargain but must be sold in
whole or par;: terms to suit purchase! : would ac-
cept $5000 resilience in this city. .See or address
owner, 20 O'iarreil St., rooms 2 and -I. 9 to 12 a m.
CjXftfin :< -" ACRES, CONTROLLING UN-
«4P«JvUU. limited ran c: fine water and climate;
aoundant feed and acorns; adapted 10 grain, unit
and stock, especially bogs; 6 miles from flourisii-
Imc railway town; good road: here is tii ■ chance of
a lltetiuie to gel a large, profitable stock ranch,
beau ifully located, for half value and easy terms:
will exchange for city or Oakland property, see
or address owner, -0 O'Farrell St., rooms 2 and 4,
9t012a. m. - -
-in-ACRE TRACT iy 2 MILES FROM LOS
■"±U i. atos: finest fruit land in the State; $17 50
an acre; $350 cash, balance to suit; 8 per cent. .
AN IDEAL SUMMER HOME.
1 /^Ol ACRES 2>4 MILES FROM YOUXT-
J_U— 2 ville: will grow anything: no better land
out of doors; perpetual stream spring water, 40
cubic feet a second; 3 rooms; common shanty ;
largo cnlcken-house; 3% acres iruii and vines;
only $10 per acre, cash.
HUGH Sill ELS. 602 Market St., Crocker build-
Ing-
SPECIAL BARGAIN— CHEAPEST AND
>~ best land ever offered: 200 acres; near Hay-
wards: 150 in hay ; fare 35c; wood: water; etc.;
price $30 per acre; one-third cash. I. SCHAKf'F,
la Post st. _J
END FOR OUR list OF ORCHARD HOMJbS
lor sale. POSTER A WHITTOX. baa Joae.
JITTLJS HOMES CLOSE TO TOWN:. 1 M-
J proved; easy terms; als3 4, 6 «nd 12 acre
pieces on 8 and 10 years' credit; 3 partly Improved,
with small bouse, etc. 1). 11. TNVLNU, buuouia
City. Inquire 632 Market St.. 8 F. - .y.V. ■:-••
1.1)1 CATION AL.
R"^Xpid shjns^^vs! A~nTnTl?vrATioxS^
Hecht's Ten-Letter Shorthand is the lates: and
best system: no positions, no .shading, no substi-
tute signs; five times more rapid than common
writing (upttrokes representing vowels); Hecht's
School of Shorthand and Typowr.tlne (2 months*
course $25), r. 706 Spreckels P.lilus. 927 Market.
RS. MELVILLE SNYDEtt, STUDIO 514
sutler; vocal music, piano, elocution: dra-
matic elocution: skirt-dancing, minuet, gavotte,
etc. Vocal classes Monday at 8 p. M-; $1 per
month. .
T>IANO taught IN 6 MONTHS: ihakax-
JL teed; $2 50 per mo.; new method. 913 Mission.
JOSEPH GREVEN, voice-improver, 8U
Ninth st. _^__
pOOKKPXG, WRITXG, ARITHMTC, GRAM II
JL> day* ni.-ht: nocla«ses:)fs month. ISO 5M i ion
OuKKEKPi -11-SCUOOL-PE X MAX SH|I P
arithmetic, taught In 6 weeks. 5 Stockton, rm. 2,
E FOREST— STAGE, ELOCUTION, VOlCE-
building. 14 McAllister, r. 44: 10:30 to 4:30.
/GUITAR MANDOLIN". PIANO AND VOCAL
VJ lessons: $3 mo. MARY WEST II AUS. 39 Fifth.
PAXISH, FRENCH ACADEMY. CASTILIAN
and Parisian, 3 lessons w.; $3 m. Maze b1d,,r.37.
VJ PaNIsH, FRENCH, GERMAN; MODERATE.
OMeisterschaft School Languages, 122 O'Farrell s5
■\roiCE-BUILDINO, PANTOMIME AND ACT-
> ing. LEO COOPER, 814 Geary st.
1) ROFESSOK G. MANSFIELD, TEACHER OF
■ violin, guitar, mandoline, banjo. 1707 Market,
AY RES', THE LEADING SHORTHAND col-
lege, 325 Montgomery St.; Individual instruc-
tion in shorthand, typing, bookkeeping, etc.: life
scholarship $50; low rates per week and month.
ELA SCO'S LYCEUM SCHOOL OF ACTING—
XJ Private theatricals arranged: pupils rehearsed
on stage. R. 5 and 12, 1.0.0. F. block. 7th and Mku
OCHOOL ELECTRICAL, CIVIL. MININU, ME-
-0 chanical engineering, surveying, architecture,
assay; eslab. 64. VAN DEB XAILLEX, 723 Mkt.
HEALD'S BUSIKESH COLLEGE, 24 POST ST.
Bookkeeping, business practice, shorthand,
typing, electrical engineer: ng, telegraphy, modern
languages rapidly taught. Write lor catalogue.
V IUH'I'&CIIOO_;UIiALE SKI ». Ci>JL,LKLE:_I
-l> Post: commercial, shorthand. English : low ra«i
■\7"IOLIX. MANDOLIN, CELLO. BANJO. KKA-
> sonable. PROF. FRANCIS. 10461^ Vaienci v
MEDICAL.
ANEW PROCESS— NO MEDICINE. INSTRU~-
ment or worthless pills used; every woman her
own physician lor all female troubles, no matter
from what cause: restores always In one day:
helped at once: can be sent and used at home: all
cases guaranteed. DR. POPPER, 318 Kearny st.
MKS. WOOD, MIDWIFE, CUBES DC?
■iM. eases of womb, paralysis, rheumatism, dropsy,
liver and kidney troubles, cancers and tumors;
cure guaranteed; consultation free. 230 Clara st.
\irATSOX, MAGNETIC HEALER, 6 TURK
'» St.; rheumatic and nervous diseases success-
fully treated; investigation invited.
DR. JO-si; ■, THE GREAT SPECIALIST,
has removed to 1206 Market St., near Sixth.
A LL CASES OF IRREGULARITIES RE-
--». stored in a few hours: safe and sure relief
guaranteed; travelers helped without delay, pri-
vate home in confinement: regular graduate
physician: 30 years' successful practice; MEDI-
CAL ELECTRICITY used; ladies, consult the
doctor before going elsewhere: you will save timo
and expense: consultation free and confidential.
MRS. DR. WYETH. 916 Post st., near Larkin.
/ t RADUATED MIDWIFE TAKES LADIES IN
VT confinement: very good care; In city or out.
Address 416 Sixth St.. S. F.
J A DIES— CHICHKSTER'S EXGLISH I'EN-
Xj oyroyal Pills (Diamoua Brand) are the best-
safe, reliable; lake no other; send 4c. stamps foe
particulars. "Relief lor Ladies." in letter by return
mall; at druggists Chichester Chemical Com-
pany, Philadelphia Pa.
A BLESSING TO LADIES SUFFERING
from irregularities and diseases peculiar to
their sex: latest Improved method of treatment;
never mils: perfectly harmless; free from any bad
effects; never makes them sick to make them
well: travelers helped immediately: prices to suit
the times; home in confinement. DR. «£ MKs.
DA Y IKS, 14 McAllister St., next nibernla Bans;
consult free, French regulating pink pills, $2. •
LADIES, CONSULT FREE MRS. DR. SCOTT.
216 Powell st.; only qualified specialist; $500
for case I fail to cure: diseases of the eyes treated.
RB. GOODWIN MAKES A SPECIALTY OP
diseases of women and restores all cases of Ir-
regularity in one day; cure or no chiirge; separate
home for patients; best skill: medical attend-
nee: low lees; regulator. $_, 1370 Market si.
CURE CURE~FOR ALL FEMALE DISEASES,"
0 from whatever cause; a home in confinement
with every comfort; satisfaction guaranteed, by
MKS. DR. GWYER. 226 Turk st.
IF IRREGULAR OR ANY FEMALE DISEASE,"
X don't mil to see MRS. DR. PUETZ, 254% 4th.
DR. HALL, 14 MCALLISTER STREET, -Mi Ait
.Jones, diseases of women and children.
HOME, A FRIEND AND MOTHER'S CARE.'
MRS. DR. FUNK'S. 1416 Eighth st.,Alamcda,
A LPEAU'S FRENCH PILLS-A BOON TO
■i\- ladies troubled wi' irregularities: no danger;
safe and sure; $2 50 .xpres- C. 0. D.: don't delay
cntil too late. OSGOOD BROS.. Oakland, Cal.
HFAPEST AXD BEST IN AMERICA— THE
„ WEEKLY CALL, sent to any address in the
United .States or Canada one year for $1 50, post-
age free. :
-
DENTISTS.
FIRST-CLASS DBNTISTBY: fTrst^CLASS
prices: lirst-dass results: painless extraction
and painless implantation of teeth. W.C. HaK-
DING, CM., M.D., 500 Sutter st., corner .Powell.
R.L. T. i RANZ-EXIKACTION P A I .S L X
crown work, bridge work and teeth without
plates a specialty. 103 Geary st., cor. Grant aye.
ROOMS DENTAL ASSOCIATION, 759 MarT
VJ ket, bet. 3d and 4th, gas specialists: only reli-
able agent for painless extraction; artificial teeth
Jrm ¥5; fillings frm $1 : extracting soc, withgasgl.
Aff A SKT FOR TEETH: WARRANTED A3
<JP I good as can be made: filling .$l. Dr. SIMMS,
dentlsi. 930 Market St.. next Baldwin Theater.
DR. LLIiLIM HILL, 1443 MARKET, ST.;
XJ near Eleventh: no charge for extracting when
plates are made: old plates made over like new;
teeth from $8 per get; extracting 50c: gas given.
ONEST WORK: VERY LOWEST PRICES.'
DR. HAUIi'. Asll.i., 628 Montgomery, rm. L
■T-'ULL set OF IKK 111, $7: WARRANTED
T five years. DR. V. CAVaLSKY. 24 sixth st.
5r- 1 OF TKBT | WITHOUT A PLATJK. ISTZ
• »R. (iEOKUE lk k h . THK GKNUINK
XJ Leek dentist, discoverer of rminlej^ extraction
snd patentee of improved bruit;* work or tee:a
without any plate, moved from 6 to 'JO O' Farrell su
PAINLESS i MI; a CTION. Mot CROWN
X bridge work a specialty; plates, $5 up: 13 year*
experience. R. L. WALsH. D. U.S.. h15% Geary.
|\R. M. a SHAW, 884 KEARNY — ISKtlHii>
XJ work a specialty; opg_ evenings 7:30 to 9.
i 'i.i.ni.v DENTAL ASSOCIATION. SW6 MAK-
VJ ket DR. CHARLES W. DECKKR.
DR. J. J. LEEK,~I2OO M A R K ET7cb R7gOLDE~
Gate aye.— Open evenings: Sundays till noun.
ALL WORK REASONABLE AND W All-
ranted. PIC J W. KKY. 11__ Markets, ■
PAXTMKBBHJF NOTICKS.
SAN FRANCISCO, MAY 15. 1896^X(yriCE 13
Xl hereby given that M. LEVY and L. J. PARK-
ER, of the firm of LEW & PARKER, have by
mutual a reement this day dissolved partnership
M. LEVY assumes all liabilities and collecimidl
money due the flrra. i. J. PARK Kit.CITY REAL ESTATE.
O H.IMH'tNSCO.
REAL ESTATE AGENTS.
C flice anl salesrooms. 14 Montgomery St., near
Marie
at AUCTION.
AT AUCTIUK.
We will »t>U at and on, by order of executors, on
Monday, ay 25. l»;-<>. at 12 o'clock m , at our
si!->r om< buid.nc at 080 Bryant at., I*:. 4:h and
6tti. ami ie <senold. whtch has bout 9 years yet to
run. Further particulars at office.
PROPERTIES JUST RECEIVED AT PRI-
VATE SALE.
COZY PACIFIC HEIGHTS lIOMF.
< I'lHO IACKS iX ST. —Mi BAY-WIN-
._ t ••"''*. dow cottaijf oJ 7 rooms and bath;
brick fou;d<ition: none walks, etc.: street ac-
cepted; lanje lot, 27:6x127:8Vi-
CHURCH ST.: BUSINESS LOCATION*.
< -M'lHrt -. IRE, BUILDING AND LAIUiE
>. nun. lot. 331U'5.
GRAND FAYING INVESTMENT.
< I ?\ flllfk RENT ?! 46 PER MONTH; 4
0 I'l.Wu. urn 2-story a. • window houses
01 2 fiats ea h: modern thrniphoui : rick founda-
tion, etr.: fla.s cost ♦ 14.000 to hulld four years
ago: must be su <:: S2:tixl 10; Western Addition,
A FINK HOME: VKi.V CHEAP
<'.ij-A AX elegvnt nearly NEW
.^, ).l, )\l. bay-window res dene* of 9 rooms and
ha:h: all la est "conveniences; *J6xfci-':6; nice loca-
tion in the Western Addition.
INVESTMENT ON SCOTT STREET.
< ■||l|j| >ear ELLIS st. -' hopsks OF
O • VJUU. 7 rooms and bath each: brick founda-
tion, etc.: 50x9'.' :6; rent *6U'J per annum.
ELITE LOCATSDK.
C* onnn ■*■ grand corner RESTDENCE;
«"* OUUU. cor. Guerrero and Liberty st«.: a fine
g star/ and basement residence of 12 moms and
ba:h;"e:egant lawn and jranien: lot 50x92:6; this
is one of the sunniest and choicest corners in the
city.
GOOD WESTERN ADDITION INVESTMENT.
,57Q'n 2-N EARLY SB*" 2-STORY BAY.
»_ ' V<J\J. window houses of 7 rooms and bath
each: brick foundation: stone walks; always
rented: paying good interest; 3'.':6x82:8. -=>-« •
LIBERTY HEIGHTS RESIDENCE.
C*\il'l\f\ SI AB CASTBOST. CABLE ROAD:
(jODUU.a 2-story ..«;lakp resident of 7
rooms and bath: brfck foundation; stone walks,
etc.; comparatively new; JsxlJs.
BOOTH SAN FRANCISCO.
..,-. LOT '-'SxlOO; NR. ELECTRIC-CAK3
._«-«)l'. and Railroal aye.; this is a cheap lot.
RICHMOND BUSINESS CORNER.
r.n-'(i CORNER ON CALIFORNIA ST.:
«^_ i OU. store building with 3 living-rooms;
82:6x100.
A GOOD INVESTMENT ON CLAY ST.
<~(iil TWO STORY HOUSE!*: SUB-
•_ I O\J\J. «:an:ial: rent (60 per month above
water: 37:6x71.
NO REASONABLE OFFER REFUSED.
••i.ii.i NICE HOME NrAK DOLORES
OOUVJU. and Market sts.; bay-window cottage
of 5 rooms &nd bath: brick foundation, etc ; Bbx
137:8.
CHOICE RESIDENCE LOTS.
f.QA PER FOOT; BAKTLETT ST.: LOTS
•_•"'•. siie: 120 feet deep; on the grade;
street accepted; i.ice location.
ELEGANT MANSION.
<*>fl f\i\(i ONE OF THE CHOICEST COR-
i*)~\J .\J\jy> , cers in the city: troctmz on 3
streets: facing one of the loveliest parks In the
ctty: fine views: honse contains 12- rjoms and
bath: bil.iard-room, conservatory, wineroom, etc.;
4tixiJo.
BUSINESS CORNER ON CASTRO ST.
< -.'I II 111 *'° ' ftoxB9 FEET: STABLE;
COUW. greater or:. on of lot vacant.
BIX FLATS ON GILBERT ST.
Q.l 7 ~\l \ RENT *36 KB MONTH : 6 FLATS
«„ _ I ij\J . of 3 rooms each: street accepted.
NKAR CASTRO AND 16TH STS.
Qr<-n LARGE GORE LOT; BARGAIN;
<"^"J«JU. must be sold.
2 FLATS ON POST ST.
t'J-n/) NX. HAMILTON-SQUARE PARK:
')O\J\J. •_» flats ar.l lot.
- \!)ERO-ST. LOT.
<. nnn A substantial bay-window
•_ ''WUW, cottace of 7 ro 'mi and *>a:h: brick
foindation. etc.; business location: could be raised
and s:ore put underneath to coo-l advantage;
2i7:6x100; mortgage of 4000 can remain.
WESTERN ADDITION CO ITAGE.
.•»l nn A LOVELY BAY-WINDOW COT-
'^O L\J\J . taj;e of 6 rooms and bath: finished
basement, brick foundatl ;n. etc.; laundry; stone
watks: s'.reet accepted: 25x90.
McALLISTER-ST. FLATS.
Q-Q'.O - I lAN. NEW FLATS OF 7
■ •„ ili'iH', and H rooms and bath each: all mod-
ern improvements «i d conveniences; 25x137:9;
ih<-#t- flats must be seen 10 be appreciated.
COZY HOJSE IN RICHMOND.
••;,-ii,, al' WE.; EASY TERMS; 5 ROOMS
r-UuU. and bath: brick foundation, etc.; 26x
: 120.
ANOTHER BARGAIN.
C.O .. NKAIiIY NEW EASTLAKE COT
v 't/ 'v/« taze ot 4 rooms and bath: brick
foundation, etc; 26:1x114; sunny line of Clippei
si.; near several lines of streetcars; will be so.c
on easy terms.
Call and obtnin one of our "Real Estate Records.'
wsich contains a list of properties for sale in al
parts of ;!.c- city.
G. H. MMIB A CO., 14 Montgomery it.
___________ _
CA I E E B&OTJ LESS,
REAL ESTATE BROKERS
AND FINANCIAL AGENT"?.
108 MONTGOMERY ST
V 1 ".Tin FOR HOFFMAN-AVF- LOT. NR
> I .)IMI Twenty-fifth st.; 80x125; big lot fo
ice coney; make offer.
£Q£fin TWENTY-FIFTH ST., NW. COR
>.(,)< Mi. ner . 50x75; level and ready to bull (
on: fine for a grocery or other store; tenant read)
to take It: street ii acadamlzed and sewered
wooden sidewalk: no mor:*a:«; owner would ex
cbanee for Western Addition dwelling or fiats, am
pay some difference.
C!i QflH FAIR OAKS ST.. XR. TWENTY
-.1 "". fifth; 25*125: street work done; go«x
neighborhood, and well built up.
r.--A (l FAIR OAKS ST., NR. TWENTY
•_ I uUU, first: one of the choicest buildlm
sites and nelebborhoods in the Mission: selecte<
for owner's own v c, but prevented from occupy
in* It: lot 5«:9x89: street macadamized, sewer«
and er&dtrd; cement sidewalk.
CM f\l\f\ ONLY— ARMY ST., XR. MISSION
• 1 u'JU 30x115; street work done.
MCAFEE BROTHERS,
108 Montgomery st.
•\fARINE-VIEW RESIDENCES.
Elite portion of Pacific Heights district: or
Rightly elevaron: commanding superb marine
view; latest desien of architecture, both exterior
and interior: houses con«;ruct*>d npoo plai.s U
combine convenience, comfort and beau y throuch
out; natural-wood finish in balle, vestibule ant
dinine-ro'tn: mi a.ly tinted: prices reason
able; liberal turns if desired; location, Webstei
St.; sunny exposure: between Vail«»3o and Green
sts.: houses open for Inspection. For further par*
tlcular» apply to owner on the preiises or to
BOVEE, TOY <fc SOU* TAG. Apents,
19 Montgomery st.
AfV TERMS: A MODERN COTTAGE LOcated
-< cated on east side Castro st., near T-wp.-ty-thlrd
k) _fiT!O5. rontains? rooms: porcelain bath: fine
mantel side-board; tiled sink and ....... stairs
In front hail to attic; the design is'rniirely different
from toy other rotiarws offrred for s<le by build
ers; 1 will bnlld to suit joj on any of the followlnc
lot«, north side Twenty-fourth St., near Castro
bitumtnircd south side <iolcien Gate aye., near
J!aker, <>• 25_137:8; street near, Eighteenth, lo!
24:8x125; lots; «mall amount down; < x". an
examine mv pans. B G. BORN, own?r en<
builder, 4079 Twenty-fonrtn st. '^
,,,11,1 }■■■ ' HANAN--TUK.KT BUSINESS
'^'j\JyJ\J. property, near McAllister; see this
nrd make offer; most be sold; lot 60xd7:G; run
$so \><-t oath.
#-.00. ; — Miotwel! i' . near 24th; 3 flats. 5 year
o'.d; bitumislzed; large lot; pay VI percen
ou lnvfstraeiu: no;hin«: better in this section o
the city. J. W. WRIGHT — CO., '■-- Marget 8^ <
C» I Ql\f\ f4Ot) CA-H: 4-ROOM COTTAGE
f^ioUU. all rnoitrn; 119 Clipper St.; 30x114
Apply 117 Clipper ru
Q j 'All DOUG LA SI.. NEAR 17TH
•. 1 •"'''. bay-wlndo-v flats, 5 and 6 rooms an
bnih; rnoncai^e of ?2400 can remain: lot 25x148
17 Doup n-- st.
PoooTsF^ TO Vi SEAR BAK ™
$3250— C0r. Frederick ft Trrnont ay*., 31:3x103
<?82VO-Cor. California and Third ar?., 57:6x99
»1 50— Helvi-tier*. near Waller. 25x95.
9100O^-Cer. Clement and Meluecnth aye.. 28x120.
$8000—1 on Laiunn, 137:Gxli.'O.
i-.Nti) ' A M.iltßlasEY. ■:.!* Market st.
VtW AM HANDSOMELY DECORATED
X> residence n«ar panhandle; strictly modern:
ever room sunny; marine and parkview: the
choicest O! acy; terms to suit. Apply on preni-ps,
11 *i.-> Fr.lton st. '1 ake Hayes or McAllister street
cars to the park.
. A>~UAE AKL LOT— WORTH $3000 FOR
» fi6oo: 7bx130; accepied street; nicest lot In
hi—: ■■>< -A J. n. ■' « UK, an Rafael.
,> j 7~ ...i.. HE 7 ROOMS AND BATH:
• _ >jI *J\J . jus. built: plastered basement: con-
crete walks In f <>:i; ami r-tr: decorated through
nut anJ -ii,.":;iir to any before bulk in tv Mission:
• ..".(i . j»«!i and *o0 per month.; on 2-ith-si electric
line. 4249, near Douglass. J. ANDERSON,
builder.
_")MfWl NEW 6- O M HOUSE: BATH:
C — \)\> • '. laundry: ?500 down, balance 15 pei
month. i.'3O Su nsirleave. .
rjiiiii CHOICE LEVEL LOT. 25x100, AI
Cl -V/W. Inirleside Racetrack. Address R., box
114, Call Office.
CITY REAL ESTATE.
ADISON & BUKKE, BEAb ESTATE
Agents: established 1858: 626 Market st.
Ql 9 OHO MAGNIFICENT business
$!L6.Wl\t. corner on FUlmore st.. 29:6x100,
entirely covered with substantial Improvements;
large store; first-class location for grocery.
CHOICE CALIFOKM ,-ST. HOME, SUNNY
V side, near Steiner: 2 frontages: term* easy;
will take lot In part payment: owner leaving city.
VAS NESS A VENUE, CLOSE TO MARKET
> street: an elegant business corner; paying a
large income.
(s ( J|()|| 80x72; CORNER POLK AND LOM-
**?■**£"• bar d; reduced from f SvOO. MADI-
SON & BIISKE.
Ql "S 000 WASHINGTON". Bit CORNER
•_ lU.yifU. Maple; 9Jxii4:9: store and I-
story building; grand view.
PARK RESIDENCE: FELL ST.. NR. LOTT;
-I V rooms and bath: all modern conveniences:
25x137:6: only $7250. MADISON 4 BURKE.
Qfi^OH WASHINGTON. NEAR DEVIPA-
* U V '. df-ro— rooms and bath: conserva-
tor}"; 10t25x127:h. MADISON & BURKE.
*«•? 1 VlO EVERETT, BET. 3D AND 4TH :
•„ it»W. 4 nice flats: rents $56; lot 37:6x80.
£50(10 BAKER - NEAR SITTER: 2
•_ D" V. Cats; rents $38: lot 25x72:6.
<(t(MlO PAGE . NEAR BRODERICK: HE«I-
%ii,\j\j\j\j, den of 7 rooms and bath: lot 25x
b7:6. MADISON & BURKE.
5* "^OOO 4 FLA STEVENSON ST., NEAR
I «M7UU. Ridley; rents $44; lot 26x77:6.
street accepted. MADISON & BURKE.
Qfi^OO CLEMENT, NR. 3D AYE.; DOC-
y?yJU\J\J. ble cottage an-1 2-story house, pro-
ducing large income: lot 50x100.
Q*7o( 10 iUs< - NEAR FOLSOM; 2 HOUSES,
•_ I vwir. 50x100; well rented for $68 per
month; part of lot still vacant.
«SlQnn HILL - NEAR CHURCH; NICE
'— -L^V/V/. home; 25x111; cottage, 4 rooms.
<«)"Af) LARGE INCOME; SHIPLEY, NR.
O -tIUU. sth; 2 flats: lot i.'5x75.
UNIMPROVED PROPERTY.
$15.000— and 19th; corner: 125x122:6.
60x190: Waller, near Scott; 2 frontages: will sell
In subdivisions.
$4500— 24 th, NE. cor. Vicksbur*; 50x114.
4000— 65x117:6: SE. cor. Sancher and 23d.
?-'7OO-Bn>iT:c«c." near Busn; E. side: 30x103,
with tank .--.nd stable.
$3900— Baker, near Jackson: 27:8x110.
(2400— Castro, cor. Elizabeth: 26:6x105.
$2200— Lyon. near Grove; 'J 100.
S-Joso— Ridley, near .Scott ■ '25x117:6.
Oeac.i — 2 lo s on Bush, near Broderlc-k: re-
dnc. d from $3000.
$1W) — Noe. near 18th: 25x110.
$2100— Mission *•. .opposite Corrland ay.; 26x84.
$ 1350— Jessie, nr. Hermann: 25x77:6: pan cash,
$1300-19tb, near Sanchez: 1:5x114.
1000— Hancock, near >atichet: 25x114.
MADISON & BURKE. 626 Market st.
A. H. Li«sak. O. F. Yon Kheix.
f) F. YON RHEIN A CO.. REAL ESTATE
\J . Acents, Auctioneer! and House Brokers, 513
California street.
$16,000— Larkin. near California: 40:6x87:6; 3
stcry bay-window house, containing basement
storos and flats, with rear houses; rents $139.
•?15,0C0— McAllister, near Buchanan; 53:9 x
137:6: 2 Hats, store and coal yard: rents $105.
$I '-'.ooo— Page, near Gough, to Rose are.: 27:6 x
l'Jti; 2 flats in front and 2 in rear: rents $76.
$5000— Leaven worth and Lombard; 40x97:6;
new bay-window con age. 8 rooms and bath; cash
$1000: balance at purchaser's convenience.
£11.000— Page, near Octavla: 27x120 to Lily
ay?.; 2-story fiats; 15 rooms and 2 baths: rents
$60.
*10.000-Pine and Pierce; 24:6x87:6; fine resi-
dence. 12 rooms and bath.
18000 Ja«' t, near (ireenwlch: 40x137:6: 4 new
bar-* indow flats of 5 and 6 rooms and bam each;
re ; ■ ?S>s.
S9oUo— lst. near Harrison; 69:9x137:6; resi-
dent in front: 3 c^ttaees in rear: rents $72.
Howard, near 2Sd: 62:4x122:6: 2-story
residence, S rooms and bath. "
$booo— Kolsom, near 16th; 60x101; 3-story
house; 20 rooms; ren:s $55.
£4000— Antonio, near Jones; rear to above lot ;
22x8"*:9; I flats! 10 rooms; rents $30.
$7000— Je»«:e, near 4th; 25x70; 2-story houie,
saloon, etc.
57OOO— Chfstnut, near Dupont: 40x122:6 to
PI. iiT'-r: double 2-story house on each frontage;
rents ?6i; will Ml] either frontage.
$7000— Oak. near Lacuna: 27:6x120 to rear
street: 2-story nouse, 7 rooms and bath; rents
$32 50.
56500— Mason, near Post: 18x55: 2-story house:
7 rooms and bath: rents $31 50.
$6500— Mission, n«-ar 24th: 21:6x117:6 to an
alley: store and flat above,
6000— Va lejo, near >au*ome; 36x67:6; 4-story
tenements; rents $57.
$5500— EJis, r,ar Buchanan: 23:9x60: brand
new ct.ttare; all modern improvements; 6 rooms
and bath.
$5200— Va!lp;o. near Learenwonh: 43:9x137:6:
two ;r and one rear house; 1b rooms ana oath;
rent* $46.
t:0 >•-.— > an Jose aye., near 2-lth st. ; 27x175; 8
rooms and bath: fine ground*.
*5000-J<>!ie*. near Greenwich; 22:8x337:6: 3-
- 8;., residence: 10 rooms.
$4500— Broderick and Clay; 27:6x100; 2-story !
bouse: 6 rooms and batb.
Guerrero, near 21st; 28x82:6; cottage, 5
rooms and bath.
?350O— Bartlett, near 26th: 25x75; 2-story
house, 7 rooms and bath.
$3500— Gough and Lombard; 58x84; private
residence.
$3350— Vallejo and San Antonio, near Kearny ;
19:6x57:6: 3-story Bats: rents $25.
$3300— Larkin." bet. Filbert and Greenwich: 2-
story house: 7 rooms and bath; rent $27 50; easy
terms: 2i':BxP9.
*3000— Paclnc, near Hyde: 20x73; 2 flats; rents
$26.
$-500— 1.c Roy place, near Sacramento St.: 22:4
x' 8:9: 2-story house, 2 flat-), 10 rooms: rents ?."0.
$2400 — Kennebec, near J«-?«rson; 50x70; "ift
Man No. 2: 2 cottae-'s: 9 rooms and bath? rent 2.
$1760 — Fairniouot Tract; Arlington. near M;-
cuel: 28x108; $250 cast), balance to suit pur-
chaser; cottaee, 4 rooms.
s I i'— Moulton. near Montgomery and Green;
22:6xti2:tt: 2-story house; 2 flats: rents $18.
Telegraph place, near Ke»rny: 17:2x46:
2-story brick tunic: g : 7 rooms: real $16.
$1350— Lincoln, near Jones; 22x70: cottage, 5
rooms.
$1300— Greenwich, near Montgomery: 43:2 x
75; one 2-story and 2 cottages.
UNIMPROVED.
$7500— McAllir.er. near Flllmore; 40x137:6.
Valencia, near 25th-st. railroad station; 61x
117:6 to an alley.
I)oIor<-«, from 27th to Arm" ; 3 lots on 27tb and
5 lots on Dolores.
$]«'. — 23.1 and Kansas: 35x100.
, 53200— Dolores, near 29th; 50x75.
$2260-« lay, near Baker: -sx;o^
$190U— 25tn. near Noe: 50x114; will subdivide.
$1600— Stanyan, near G rattan; 26x80, Increas-
ing to 110 depth.
$1200— Cor. B and 25tn are.: 60x188.
$1000— Homestead, near 25th: 60x250 through
to >:ilen.
*1000— Edith or Church place, near Dnpont st. :
20xt>5 to rear street.
*»OO— Hancock, bet. Sanchez and Noe: 25x114.
«*At"— Park Lan% Tract; 2 lots, block R, Serpen-
tine road.
•000— Excelsior Homestead; London, near Rus-
sia: .'0x100: will subdivide.
* BARGAIN!
MUST BE SOLD!
DIAMOND ST,nrlB;h: only a few steps from
the corner of Market an! 17th st«.: level building
lot: 24:3x125 feet: street graded, sewered and
n-.aca amir.cd: owner must. sell, am reason-
able offer will be accepted. O'FARRELL & CO..
11 Montgomery it.
PACIFIC HEIGHTS. RESIDENCE.
At a b'4 sacrifice: originally cost $8000; can be
boorht for £5000. ma -be less; fine marine view;
one bio from the cable and electric cars: con-
tan* 8 rooms »ni bath. O*FAP.RELL & CO., 11
Montgomery si. . •;■ _•; s
< "x^fin MAKE AN OFFER; BRODERICK-
i)<J\JV . St. flats conti.'iiiin.' 4 and 5 room)
and bath; a few steps from the cnble-cars; ilwtrn
rented: sunny and in fine condn'on. OUR
RBI I- & CO.. 11 Montgomery st. .- '^v ;
( | \f\f\ RENTS $60 A MONTH: F.LJ^
>JUuv/U. more it., near Halght; 2 frontak^-..
4 flats in floe condition. O'FARRELL <fe CO., 11
Montgomery st.
<< II l(i MAKE AN OFK:-.R: DEVIBA-
dero st, near Butter: more and flat;
well rented: street paved and accepted. O'FAU-
KELL& CO.. 11 Mooigomery st.
'_»^7|l i FINE COTTAGE ; 21 ST ST.. A
•_ • 't^W. few steps from the Folsom-st. boule-
vard, In the Mission warm b^lt; contains 6 rooms
and oat n. O'FARRELL 4 CO., 11 Montgomery.
IT THE SAi.hi- >;i)UM OF~O'KA RKELI. &
-V Co.. 11 Montcomery nu,
Mori lay evening. May 25, at 7:30 o'clock, we will
BWI a auction a . st of beautiful lots. ■
100 OF THEM-25x100 EACH.
All level and ready to build on: but 28 minutes'
ride from the City Hall; without doubt the finest
low-priced lots on tne market: m to price, we
leave that to you— 'You make the j..ri a." Terms—
$10 on the fall of tb« hammer, balance $lv a
month.
It will cost you but 5c to visit this superb offer-
Ing, and If you want a lot for home site or Invest-
ment yon will look no farther: no sand; no moun-
tains: no rocks: no swamps.
To visit this property take Mission-*:, electric
cats, ask the conductor to ston a: Francis St.: you
■*1 1 there find our branch » (fire »nd representa-
tive, GEORGK A. TURNER, who will show you
over the property an'i furnish any further inior-
mation. O'FARRKLL & CO., Auctioneers.
IF YOU ■•..,,-.-•
1 HAVE NEVER VISITED THE
HEYMA.N TRACT,
You don't want to delay any longer: the lots
are tx>lng offered at big bargains: terms. $b(,' down
and $10 monthly: all lots ready to build on: it
takes but 15 minutes' ride: stree: work done;
Spring Valley wa'erand ?.£.<•; 150 os sold: go out
and select a lot: you will never regret it: aet-n:s on
the tract to show you around; take Castro-street
car to '/3d St., or on-strict car, transferring at
•Ji.i st. . J.v COB HEYMAN,
Room 5, Crocker building, Post and Market Ms.
®\7^7l NEW 3 -ROOM COITAGE, WITH
• _•'.><'. level lot. near Mission an i »Otn eu ;
bard finished: Urce basement; all modern;
terms. *100 down, 915 monthly.
JA>. OB HEYMAN. room 6. Crocker building.
KOUKKB AND LARGK STABLE FOR
*- sale, with leas*. - 231 Ash are., u«ar Franklin.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY 17, 1896.
CITY REAL ESIATE.
\\r ELI^IMPKOV'KD
>l WESTERN ADDITION property.
CHOICE LOCATION.
Q1 O ",n(» 3 FINK FLATS OF 5. 5 AND
O lO.<Ju' '. tf rooms and hath on Grove St.,
near Franklin: also, 4 French flit's in the rear; io.
27:6x120 feet to Ivvave.: pays 10 ocr cent per
annum; always rented: must be sold.
EASTON, KLURIIHiE * CO..
633 Market street.
WESTERN ADDITION RESIDENCE.
" FINE PROPERTY.
ELEGANT LOCATION.
Q.l H C\f\(\ A HANHSOME RESIDENCE
•_ lA'.l'Vfl l. of 10 rooms, bath and conser-
vatory; California st.. near Van Ness aye.; lot 26
x 137:6 feet; rccentlr reduced from f 12,000.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE _ CO.,
• '.-** Market street-
IG VALUE.
HANDSOME HOME.
IN THE WESTERN ADD I I lON.
QTnnn A modern two-story resi-
-0 I UUU. deuce of 8 rooms and bath. substan-
tially built* brick foundation: on north side of
Page st., near I. more; lance 10., 3t~137:0 feet:
this properly coal over $10,000.
fcASTo.N, ELDRIDOE <* CO..
638 Market st.
/CHOICE FLAT&
V/ MUSTEK SOLD.
LOT CAN BE FURTHER IMPROVED.
4cfW^n TWO FLATS ON NORTH MDE OF
■ O~t)\J 14th di., bet. Church *nd Sanchez,
half a bock north of Market; lot s'x 100 feet, with-
out improvements: is a bin barcain a: the asking
price. KAbTON. ELDRIDCJK& CO.,
638 Market st.
SACRIFICE. ~~
HANDSOME MISSION HOME.
FOR HALF VALUE.
Q9-AA A MODKKN RESIDENCE OF 8
»j7«i«)Uv/. rooms and bath on auih St., near Cas-
tro: substantially built, only 4 years old; the im-
provements cost over S4-50 and lot 515U0: ill
health the cause of owner sacrincins; lot 25x97:6
feet. ASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO.
63» Market st.
_____________
GOOD INVESTMENT.
WELL-BUILT FLATS.
AT A BARGAIN.
<2 i P^fiM * FLATS OF 6, 5. 5 AND 4 ROOMS
•,7*T«_)UU. and ba h. on a corner on Lacuna St.;
rents for $45 per month; lot 31:3x100 feet.
EASTON. ELJDKIDUE 4 CO.,
638 Market st.
_______
~\ COZY HOME.
A MUST BE SOLD.
LOT WORTH THE ASKING PRICE.
CM -Ail A SUBSTANTIAL COTTAGE OF 6
i, 1 I UvJ. rooms and bath on Precita aye., near
Coso st. ; 1 Mock from Mission, Valencia or FoUom
su cars; lot 40x140.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE A CO.
638 Market at
HO ICE LOTS.
\J ALL BARGAIN-
FOR SPECULATION.
FOP. BUILDING.
&1 QAACASH BUYS 2 CHOJCK LOTS ON
sMZtfUpi ; Heiehts: 21x127:6 each;
ready for building: $J4l>o mortsraee In Uibernla
Bank can remain; thU la a bargain; lately re-
duced from #4000.
C? lOnn SUTTER ST.. NEAR DEVIbA-
O^— 'UU. dero. 30:6x164.
Ifinn NW. CORNER OF CHURCH AND
C"ivJUU. Army BBzBa
OQXnn WASHINGTON ST., NEAR DE-
gOOUu. vlsadero; Joxl27:Hi-
C'OH/in BAKER ST.. NR. OAK: 25x96:10
«?OUUU. feet.
C.OO'A A^HBURY ST., NR. FELL; 25x
»_ — — O\J. 106:3 feet.
C'O'lflfl WALNUT ST.. NR. CLAY: 25x
C— — "v. 112:6 feet.
C:O1 (\f\ CLAYTON ST., NR. PAGE: 25x
>— IUU. 106:3 feet.
Ci^nn CORNER I ST., NR. 17TH AYE.;
>T)iOUU. 67:6x100 feet.
r.IO-A SACRIFICE. THIS WEEK: N.
\ O-L — «Jv/» side Carl St., nr. Cole; 25x137:6 feet.
Oil OAA CHENF.I'.Y ST., KB. MATED; 50x
>1 -UU. 100 feet. _
r.i-IAA LAKE ST., NB. CALIFORNIA;
CIIVU. 'JsxlO2:6feeU
r.l A -A 2D AYE., NX. CALIFORNIA ST.,
! O±"0U. 25xl'J0 feet.
OO AH MISSISSIPPI ST., NR. YOLO; 106 X
«>SJUU. 100 feet.
©nnn I ST., NE. 12TH AYE.; 25x100
$OUU. fee:.
d if\C\ 25TH AYE.. NR. POINT LOBO3: 25
O"1UU. xUR ?evt.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE A CO.,
. ": .-'.:,-.- 633 MarKet st.
/CENTER & SPADER,
\J 30 MONTGOMERY ST.
Choice residence lot on Octavia s:., near Sacra-
mento; 75x157:(5; as a whole or in subdivisions.
C; I -fi(\ CASH — 2-STORY BAY-WINDOW
•j* i •)'"» residence on O' Parrel; a-, near Stelner:
8 rooms; bath: basement; balance on mortgage.
©*£onfl 3 NEW FLATS ON FREDERICK
U«)U\7. St., near Aslibury, contamiot; 5 and 6
modern rooms: bath, basement, etc. renting Ist
*55: lot 25x116:0.
ELEGANT RESIDENCE ON ASHBURY, NR.
\J Frederick containing 9 larce room : bath;
butler's and nervarits* rooms: laundry; large base-
ment: all of tbe latent improvements: extra large
lot. 50 xli>6:3: we will take a small cash payment
' down, balance same as rent.
ftn-fiA BAY - WINDOW COTTAGE ON
• " — >)\J\f. V!S:h s;.. n"arNoe; 5 rooms and bath;
stable; part cash; 28x114.
&O'A|| NEW COTTAGE ON SANCHEZ,
C— OU". r.r. 26:h: 5 rooms and bath; fSOO
cash, balance monthly.
ftlQ f\f\(\ MUST BE BOLD: MAKE US
V 1 1 O.v'U'". offer: 3-storr baildin? on Howard
St., near First, containing 40 rooms and store;
renting for $115 per month; under lease; tenant
pays water and repairs.
SNAP-TEnAMA ST.. R.. I I TIST: HOUSES
O of 7an 9 rooms, renting for **0 per month;
price $3500: submit offer: lot 25x85.
C; 1 Odd CHOICELOT; CORNER ON TWEN-
»_ L±**J\J. ty-third St.. near Church; 27x90.
O FLATS OF FOCK ROOMS EACH; CORNER
— on Green St., near Hyde; lot 10x120.
on-nn army-st. cottage: 5 rooms
Oi.JUU. and bath; 25x75; part cash, balance
monthly.
CENTER 4 SPADER, 30 alontßomeryst.
URN HAM * MARSH COMPANY,
628 MARKET STREET,
OPPOSITE PALACE HOTEL.
SI QT^ RENTS $105.
•? I'J.O tO. Business corner; beautiful new
building: 1 block from Market st. and City Hall.
49" af\f\ RENT-* $182 50.
O — O.DvU. Howard-it, corner; 60x125.
CA^nn RK^'TS **7 50.
iJpUt/vV/. Flats; Buchanan and Golden Gate aye.
CjQAAA RENTS $89 50.
OOVJUU. Minna St., near Sixth.
sacrifice:
2RI r o KLEOANT residence. 8 ROOMS
OUl'IVy. and bath; near .-cott ami Jackson:
1 lot worth the money; offer wanted.
« i^nn RKNTS *45.
•T "i»'''vf. Flue nats, near Baker a:, and Golden
Gate Park; sacrifice to close estate.
CjQQXn RENTS KOI'. ?37 50.
(JOOJu. Fine 2 story )iou-e of 9 rooms and
bath; near Bush and Lazuria sts.; terms to suit.
SUBURBAN HOMES.
MtSKt/i PARK-BEAUTIFUL RESIDENCE
and '.'0 acres Close to station; will subdivide.
SANTA CLARA-30 ACMES; BEAUTIFUL
home rancn; will »ul>divl'!e: a positive bargain.
BURN AM A MARSH CO.. 628 Market st.
C; 1 Zif\f\ Washington and SP l-t-K
iJinUUu. Bts.: fine corner: 37:6rlOO: elegant
view and a bnr^aln.
.*-.'oUo— Wa.ihlnpton st. ; adjoining above corner ;
".'5x100: very cheap.
$1800— .-*pnice it., near Washinsrton; 25x112:6;
offered at a sacrifice for quick ■«!«.
$3000— lt:-ave. boulevard, cor. Clay st.; larje
lot, 25:4x102; fine corner and at greatly reduced
price.
Lots north and south of the Park, In larce and
small divisions, at tne lowesi pricej and easy
terms. ROBERT J. MERCER & .50.V,410 Pine -:.
_ 1 »>^i I 2M)x200 FE~:T; 2 FRONTS: WEST
t7l^.t>U. side Ka!*ton St., 300 feet north from
(>ftrHe!d: block 1-'; <'!!•■ I>and Association; ad-
Joininj; new lncleslde racetrack.
$15C0— 6-1x200: 3 fronts: 2 corners: 2 pretty
cottages: NE. corner Brazil aye. and Edinburgh
tt.: Kxcctslor Ho ne»iea<l Association.
$650 will boy 68x150: SE. corner Japan aye.
and Munich st. and 68x150 feet SW. corner In-
dia and La Grande ayes. ; Excelsior Homestead; As-
sociation.
$475—100x125- north side Thrift st.. 100 feet
east of Plymouth: Railroad Homestead Associa-
tion. Ocean View.
CHAS, C. FISHER, 607 California st.
A RMY. NKAK CHURCH— OVE OF THE3E
A lots mast be sold at once; make an offer.
YEKY CHRAP HOME ON 25TH ST.. NEAR
\ Folsom boulevard; 7 rooms and bath: 2800.
-f\(\ A CHEAP PLACE ON A GOOD
JllUv. street: Or^en. near Hyde.
" McEWEN BROS.. 118 Montgomery st.
G!')i'f\ti NKW 5-HOOM COTTAGE; ALL
i^-OUVi modern Improvements; une-thlrd
block to Sutros:r-et cars; 235 Third aye.; also,
lot on Fourth aye., near Lake-street cars; very
, cheap. B. L TJ.YLOU, 3116 Point Lobos aye.
— inn PARK LOTS; WITHOUT INTER-
♦JIv/U. *»t. $5 mont Mr. J mil HF.YMAN,
room 5, Crocker building. Post and Market s's.
/ OME TtTWOXTMIaSIO-N STREET, OPPO->I T_
\ ■ St. Mary's College: lots $400 and upward; $10
; per men no Interest, on Instilments; bouses
' built to order to suit buyer: money advanced by
Bnilding and Loan Assotilation tor constructing
houses on monthly Installments, same as rent tut
. you get your own home; In the warm belt; near
. the Mlsslon-fIU cars.
CITY REAL ESTATE.
[JALDWI.N <S HAMMOND, "~
L) Real Estate Agents and Auctioneers.
10 ..-ornery street.
njnO.^n JACKSON NEAR POWELL; 3
fVAvU. flats of 7. 7 and 8 room and bath
ach: rent $80: bargain.
iilP-^nn 17Tn ST..NR.DOUGLA*; 2-STORY
?UOUU. building, containing 2 nice Hats.6
nd 7 rooms, bath, etc.: cost $8250 to build: rent
4i; large lot.
«2f*n (ifin hype ST.. not FAR KP.OM
3UU."UU. gutter: entire 60-vara lot, covered
ilth fine Improvements; renting for $43tf: make
M offer.
11 A (\f\f\ HANDSOME 2-STORY AND
~±V.UUU. basement residence on E'.Jls st.:
>■■:. Pierce and ~cot:: 10 rooms: all modern con-
veniences: laundrr. etc.: fine stable; extra large
ot; a reasonable offer will be considered.
£91 ftft I^ TH ST ' BET CHURCH AND
~_IUU. anchor: cottage, 4 room-.; bat n and
lasement: lot '.'51100; very cheap place.
21 fi aaa POST ST., BET. van NESS
*"> 1 U.IMM I. liV . . and Balk sr.: 2-story resi-
lience of 10 rooais and bath; l<jt 27:6x120.
2QO:n 19 LOTS ON J ST., BET. ISTH AND
3O£o\J. 19tn ares: '£ corners; big bars In.
i; 1 1 r\f\C\ r IFIC AVK - - R.FILLMORE
5* I I .UUU. St.: 2-story bay-window residence
if 10 rooms and bath: lot 35x128.
£r">^ HAH HANDSOME CORNER KESI-
•*)~U.\J\J\J. dence: Washington st., nr. L*.
:nna: contains 15 room* and all modern lmproTe-
nenis; extra large sunny lot.
C» IGAfI BIG BAROAIN IN MODERN
©TtJt/V. flats. 5 and 6 rooms and bath each:
Pulton st., nr. l.yoa; rent $516 per annum; lot
'5x137:6.
WESTERN AUDITION LOT?.
C!Q Z.f\CI California st., between
QOOUU. r.uk r and Lyon; 25x137:6.
C'TQfifi LOMBARD ST.. SK. VAN NESS
$JLoUU. ave.:2sxl37:S.
eOlPfk ' "'•• MCALLISTER AND WIL-
qZIOU. lard: 50x100.
r-OXnft BACH— 6 LOTS, EACH 77:6x137:6.
C — iJ\J\J on Union st.. bet. Stelner and Pierce.
CJI Q^vfi DE I-" Nr; AYE., NR. FREDERICK
<£O(»fifi WALLER ST., BET. MASONIC
C— ' yjV. are. and Lott s:.: 25x149.
r. l -f\(\ LV ON ST.. NH. FILBERT, FACING
iji \.O\J\J. the Presidio reservation; lot 27:6 x
114.
r.970- WEST CENTRAL AYE., BET.
C— • — «-'• Jackson and Pacific; 26xl'J0; superb
marine view.
BALDWIN * HAMMOND,
10 Montgomery street.
OTS 8350. "
$3 CASH, S3 MONTHLY.
STREET WORK DONE.
We can sell you i"': c In the Casiro-st. Addition at
price and terms as above: electric-can past the
property; a the streets are ended, sewered and
macadamized: rater pipes laid: title rwrf.-ct: so
out to-day and see them: take the Ouerrpro-gi.
electric cars (31 193 on or Valencia, transfer at I4ih
st.) and ride to C Bi -;•• and Castro sis.; branch
ofnee there: call for particulars.
BALDWIN A HAMMOND,
10 Montgomery st.
1 RICHMOND I.' JAINS- ~~
l\i The few ren.a::i lots on 25th avenue, be-
tween Pt. Lobo« avenue and Clement street,
will be sold for *J5 cash and *10 monthly.
Prices 5375 and upward.
FOURTH A.ND FIFTH A VENUES.
Choice bulldinciots on 4lh and sth avenues.
Lake and California streets; 81000. etc;
sewered, macadamired, etc Terms $50 cash.
$10 monthly.
BALDWIN * HAMMOND,
10 Montgomery st.
OING! GOING! ~ ~~ '■
AND NEARLY ALL GONE
Thirty-five lots already sold In that beautiful
block bounded by California and Lake siretts, 11th
and 12Ul avenues.
PRICE $700 ONLY.
«M) CASH. $10 MONTHLY.
AH street work don*. School distant one-half
block, sutro electric cars one block away.
BALDWIN <fc HAMMOND,
10 Montg mery st,
AKOAINS. _ _ " ~~~
SPLENDID INVESTMENTS.
LOTS FACING THE PARK.
Go out to-day and see the bock we have just
subdivided.
lots ON Bth A\T.
LOTS on 10th aye.
lots on H st.
LOTS OH I st.
The block has Just been graded, sidewalks have
been laid In front of every I"t. Wa-'er and gas
piped to the property, The prices arc only
«750 TO JllOO.
$50 (ASH. $10 MONTHLY.
These lots will prove splendid Investments and
we advise you to 6ee them at once and secure
your choice. BALDWIN i HAMMOND,
10 Montgomery st.
OVEE, TOY * SON NT A .
REAL ESTATE AGKNTS AND
Alt TIOXKI -
19 MONTGOMERY ST., UNDER LICK HOUSE.
C^fillfi FLORIDA' ST., NEAR 24TH; 4
O«JvJ ll U. flats: rents $43.
C--".An BEAVER r-T.. NEAR 16TH; 2
C ( W"" • flats; rents $43; will exchange equity
for lot.
QOOAn YORK ST.: COTTAGE OF S ROOMS
4 ~- 'JVJyj. and bath; high basement: easy terms.
• QCA EACH; LOTS 25x100: READY FOR
i?O%J\J bui'.dinj: near car; easy terms.
©1 A f\f\C\ BUTT li-ST. INVESTMENT:
C I l.v/UV. stores and flats; rents *1080 per
annum,
©O'Arv NEAR HOWARD AND 7TH STB.;
O — O\J\J. -2 collages of 4 rooms each; rents $25.
Ccft^flfi NEAR PINK AND STEII^ER
•rOOIIU, S ts.; •_' flats: rents $5150; street
work done.
(-.Qfififi -MUST BE i^OLD: MAKE OFFER:
O O\J \J\J. house of 11 room*; lot 35x90; Mis-
sion st.
QOrvAfk rents «m; YORK ST.; 2 FLATS
.)\l\J\.t. of 6 rooms ana oath each.
OlfifiA NF. COI{ - LAKK ST - AND 13TU
»3» 1 UUVJ. aye. : lot size 40X71 feet.
£7Mfifi 14TH ST.. NEAR VALENCIA:
C ' "vv. large lot, 41:6x98; cottage 6 rooms.
Lath, etc
»Qi?Af| RENTS *37 PER MONTH; 2
OOUUU. flats and rear cottage; 6th are.
QO .i(\(\ GUERRERO ST., NEAR 16Tn;
•7. \jy '. rents *300 per rear; 2-story bouse of
8 rooms and bath.
tin Z.(}(\ GROVE ST.. NR. OCTAVIA:
> 1 U.«JUvJ. 30x70; 2 houses; rents $75;
terms hair cash. _^
£> in f\(-\f\ RENTS $4800 PER ANNUM: 2
•J s »' r -'"'" corners; well improved; short dis-
tance from Market st.
C A (\C\(\ POST ST.:SrNNY RESIDENCE; 7
O"UUU. rooms and bath, etc.
ftKf!l\/l McALLISTKR ST. -2 FLATS
\SO\JU\J. sunny side; S2xlOO;rentsssl6ayear.
<T..)p/\A RKNTS $40 PER MONTH; 4
C— Uv/V/. flats near lsi and Brannun sts.
C 1 (\f\Ci COTTAGE 5 ROOMS: RENTS $10;
1 UUU. near Va'.lejo or. 1 Jones sts; splendid
view.
r.Q')nn Mf DEP.N 2-STORY HOUSE, 7
■ . >(")uu. rooms, bath, etc.; bay view; near
cable. _
For further particulars apply to
BOVEK, ft 4 sonntao,
19 Montcotn- ry st.
C!l fif\f\ •HAL.KCASU;V4OxIOO;INCLUDK.'i
.7IUUU. 3 frontages: University Homestead;
shor: distance from - i.v- aye. and Cambridge st.:
suitable for miik mncji: men be sold at o!kv.
Apply to BOVEE, TOY * SUNNTAG, 19 Me l
goroerj' st.
\ M. SPECK & CO., 602 MARKET ST.:
iA.. choice Investments: choice investments.
fj():A LOT 25x114 FT.. ON 1:7 111 ST.;
>-.)U. worth $500
tt I IkA *-° T 25x120 FT., RICHMOND: ON
•Tr'iv/U. terms.
Ol^^H NEAT MODERN COTTAGE;
OIOOU. near Market.
ii i J{\C\{\ K. AT- AND REAR COTTAGE;
•jZUUU. near Leavenwortn ot.
%i')t\f\r\ LOT 25x100 FT., ON OAK; PAN-
•_ -IUUU. handle.
<*!')' A, i 2 GOOD FLATS. NEAR 7TH AND
C — '-'U p . Foisom.
i!9flJifi 4 NICE FLATS: RENTS $33;
>.)UUU. near 12ihani -Market.
-" A A CORNER; 2 H USES ON LE AV-
> • MUU. nworth; lot 50x9() ft.
I-7'lwi 6 FLATS: RENTS *72; WITHIN
dB % OUv. eight of Hlbernla Bank.
&in (inn coit. stoke- and flats;
> lU.nilU. lot 40x80; rents $76; a grand buy.
c-iynnn corner (IJKW), 6 flats;
CIZ.UUU. rents *116: all rent d.
C- 1 ') nr\ri flatm: loi 4Ox«5O; WUHIN
> 1 — .UUU. block of Orpheum.
<i i f\f\f\ BUSIWBSa PHOPERTY; LOT
O It. UUU. 50.r«0 ft.: pood Improvement;
within a block of Taylor and Market: rents 100.
;.• I,* "I HI BUS INKS- CORNER OX
C J D.«J''V/. Geary St., near Wigwam.
i: 1 V r A|i EINK CORNER BUSINESS
• 7 lO. tJUl'. property; rents $125: an offtr
wanted for Markei-st. property, near Call Office.
A. M. BPKCK & CO.. 602 Market^
f E A L'iiST ATE FOR l*ALi; B"i . "~~ ~
IV C. H. REYNOLDS * CO.,
323 MONTGOMERY ST.
RICHMOND DISTRICT BARGALNS.
Point Lobes, Cliff House and 41st are.: choice
lots on electric-car line: erand vi-w.
i.UKKLUT: 550 leet main fronuges and nnsur-
oassed view; Point Lobos. Cliff House, 42d and 43d
avenues. ■
$jOOO— D St.: business corner: nr. cars and ocean.
«600 lot*. 3'Jd axe. at Butro's c:r.c car bouse
s: at. on.
Bern<»l Hel-hts. Gift Map lot, choice.
Building lot bargains on Blegel. Wayne, Butler
and Banks sis.
Cortland, crescent, San Bruno and Powhatta
■vennea. _____^ • -■
I.OR SALE- ELEGANT l'J-ROOM HOUBK,
X 1 Just completed, opp. Park; modern. 1817 Oak.
city REAL ESTATE.
SHAi.NWAi,D. «UCKBEK A CO.. HEAL, £--
1 ATE AGBNTB.
218-220 MONTGOMERY ST., MILLS
BUILDING.
HOUSES r.KNTED.
$3500— Florida si.- price reduced: 2 modern
fiats or 5 rooms »!.d bath: terms $1150 cash, bal-
ance on mortage at 7 per cent: lot 26x10t». ■•• '
f»BO»— Rents $17; his always rented for $20
per month: 2 cood flats of 4 rooms each: lot 22:6 x
60: 4 Le Hoy place, off Sacramento St., between
Jones and I^eavenworih: thin property nius: be
so d within the rex: few day* regardless of price.
' ■810— Iwentv-firsl St., north line, near Hamp- ■
shire. Mission warm belt; lots 25x34Vi-
*7M0-Tweutv-tirst •'.., near Hampshire: lot
25x70.
$1400— Lott su. near Golden Gate aye.; '.'5x100:
cheap.
*600-Rlchmo-:d lot«: easy ter • s; $50 cash. $10
monthly: Twentieth aye., near Clement; 'JDxl'-O
feet each.
f.i.'. I— Tolnt Lobos lot 25x10J.
$1250— Mevenson » .. near 14ib, sewered and
macadamized: 25x65 ft
$7500— J net son ne-r Buchanan: residence of 8 .
rooms and bath: lot 30x . 17 to rearfsu ;;the owner
of this property is very anxious to pet an offer as ,
the house most be sold within the nex. 90 >iays-
if 2: OU— Itrin* *-0 per mo. ; Bruce Piace oil liar- .
rison, bet 7. a and Mb sts.
S6XO-SW. cor. on Webster St.; two story and
basement of 8 rooms: bath: stable, etc; lot 24x
93:6: rentssiO.
920.000— W. cor. Brvar.t and Kitch sis.; store
and 2 dwellings; rents *1 IS: lot 50x75.
5.v.00- Haight St.. near Broderick; 2-story and
basement hou->e of 9 rooms and bain; tnis Is a bar-
gain.
57500— O'Farrell st., near Jones, close to transfer :
point; 2-story house of 7 rooms bath; rents
$35: lot 231:6x88.
$2600— Richmond cottage: W. line of Bth aye ,
near Ca'.ltornfast.: almost new. 4 rooms and bath;
7-foot basement; lot 25x120.
$10.600— Page St.. close to Market: pood Im-
provements: rents $*40 per annum; lot 27:6x120:
2 frontages: must be sold.
$ 1 2,OOO— X E. corner on Webster St.; substantial
Improvements; rents 31150 per annum; !o: 37:6
ZWL
5000— Handsome modern cottage on Broderick
St., near Washington; contains 6 rooms and bath;'
lot •..'5x57:6 feel.
ti7sO- Stevenson St., near 14'.h; 25x80 feet;
street sewered and macadamized.
$13,000— Cost over $17,000: rents $1440 per in-
nnm: 3 of the handsomest flats in San Francisco:
contain 7 rooms and bath; mortgage of (7500 can ,
remain.
52400— Sunny side of Clay St., near I.yon; 23:5 x
90. or 2 log at the same rate.
$5300— Price reduced irom $6150; rents per an-
num, $694; v. ili pay 9 per cent net; front and rear
bouse: Hiss *:.. near Howard.
$40,000— -utter-st. investment; north side, :
downtown: substantial improvements: rented to '
one tenant for 93000 per annum, net: mortgage, j
$12,000 at 6% p<*r cent: can remain If desired.
$3jKo— Worth $5000: good substantial bay-win- i
dow co:taee of 6 large rooms and oath; tank
closet in bathroom: double parlors: clo«et In every i
room: cement sidewalk: not*- the sire of lot, 33
x 100 it. : Hush s-_. near flrodertck.
$ 3500— Seymourave., between Scott and Devisa-
dero and Turk and Golden ■ ale aye.; substantial ■
2-story house of 6 rooms and batn: street bitu-
men; I 'iewHlk sit one; lot -Jsxi>o: $1000 cash, bal-
ance In monthly payments 0: $20 If desired.
A FEW BARGAINS IN WKSTErtN ADDITION
LOTS.
$2500 eacn— 3 lots on Sacramento, near Lyont ,
street work all done and accepted by the city: lots i
Mill -2.
$2250— Lyon, near Clay: lot 25x112:5.
91126 — Five 10-s on Vjlbert, near Baker, one-
half lOC* from the Union streetcars: terms 9125 '
ca«h; lots 25x137:6 each.
$1000— Fora Western Addition 50-vara (137 :6x
137:6) :-E. corner on Lyon.
Tbe above is only a partial list. We will be {lad
to iurnisb. a complete list on application.'
SHAINWALD, BUCKBEE * CO.,
218-220 Montgomery st.. Mills building.
iqA?j7j FOR SALE ON ACCOUNT OF
OOUuU. departure of owner— Fins residence of
1-; rooms: all modern improvements: in the most
beautifal part of Berkeley: noar the university;
w:ili 1 acre of Improved grounds; superb view.
Inquire -410 Kearny st., room 10. ■: -
PACIFIC nuiOUTS-THREE NEW l a- ROOM
1 houses. 2*47, 2849 and 2*51 Ftllmore st. «*. of
Green: ail modern improvements; reception-hall,
parlors, dinln?, chamber and billiard-rooms, tinted
and decorated: furnace beat: all rooms and closets
liclitid by electricity or gas; unobstructed marine ;
view: good investment.
- ■
COL GETZ & ERO., ~~
O REAL-ESTATE OWXERS,
ROOM A. FIRST FLOOR CROCKER BUILDING
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS.
VET BLOCKS, NEW LOTS. ' •• i
X> for homes or Investments at great bargains.
Come and see. We buy for cash and get choice
bargains. ■■.■ ■ 
Q7- TO f2OO— LOTB NEAR PARK; GRAND
*_ • «-' bou>varJ; $10 down, $5 monthly. SOL
GETZ A BBC
4<jnn *400, *450. $500 TO 11100-
-<3OVJyJ. Choicest lots In Hlcbmond: near t<utro
electric-car line and near new concert grounds.
Affiliated Collects; on the south of park; rvadv to
build on; terms to suit puicnasers. SOL GKTZ <&
BRO.
< I fin TO »25O— BUILDING LOTS, NEAR
•JllfW M!sslon-st. and electric-car lines: only
$10 down. #5 monthly. >OL GETZ A BRO.
CALL FOR MAPS AND DIAGRAMS.
POL OETZ * BRO., OWNER*,
ROOM A, FIRST .FLOOR CROCKER BUILDING.
■TOR A HOME OR INVESTMENT.
The finest and most complete pair of flats for the
money; ]ast beinc finished; marble steps and all
the latest Improvements: put up by days' labor:
north sivle of Fell st., near St o;t. Call on premises
or office of Owner and builder, DAN EINsTEIN,
630 Market •:.
r\ cTbem i S]
V. REAL ESTATE AND LAND AGENT,
324 MONTGOMERY ST.
FOR SALE.
»2600— E. side of stanyan st., bet. Cart and
Frederick: 25x100 feet.
$450 — 'in Carlos Villa lot: 100x150 feet.
56700— 50x127:6 feet on Jackson St., overlook-
ing the Presidio and bay.
f 6000— - modern houses of 8 rooms each, at
pars: 25x137:0 Jeet; electric road parses house*;
make off- r.
#-^s«>o— 2-story S-roomed house on Harrison it..
bet. Firs: ana Fremont.
BBsoo— Klpgant N VV. corner of Col* and Carl sts.
$300— ( ho. re building lots north of park.
In Oakland— l 4. x 350. »W. cor. 19th aye. and
251h st. en-Kant lawn, shrabbery, flowers and
fruit trees: good house of 9 rooms: stable and car-
riage-bouse: ail in good condUlon; must be sold;
makeover. „=•- . v-"^.;.- ; » ■■• > 1; '.■>,-.-
L' ( ' X SALK— LOT-> HAVING A FRONTAGE
X of 3VB feet on th«« southeasterly side of Mission
St., from l*recita aye. to Serpentine aye.. and also
having a frontage of I*3 feet on Irecita are. Also
lot ou so I,]1 ,] h line of Washington St.. 25 feet 10
lncn«>s east of Dupont, 16x40 feet with 2-story
brick building thereon, renting for S3 per month:
go-xl tenant.
Bids will be received for the entire properly or
for any portion of the same up to June 1, 1896. by
WALTER II GK at 18 Post St., San Francisco,
care of JOHN H. GRADY.
Mission nt. accepted and sidewalk in front of the
property laid witn bitumen and granite curb.
HAHRfHOBI -1 . NEAR TWENTY-THIRD;
rents for $20: good house. B rooms, basement :
convenient for 1 or 'l families: driveway oatside:
stable in rear: lot2(ixllO: $2500. 2627 i arisou.
OW. COR. FOL>OM AND 21*T t*TS ; 95x90
Oft.; will subdiviJe: cheap for cash: also >W.
20th and Treat »v.; 25x110 ft. Ing. 1205 Market.
1?OR SALE. CHEAP— 1 WO 2-STORY HOUSES:
1 lot 27:6xb6; 7 rooms: bath; finished ba*e-
mi'iit; rooms decorated; electric wire: speaking
tabes: s:one walks. On Waller st., near titanyan,
half block from Golden Gate Parti.
ATA SACRIFICE-MODERN RESIDENCE
- V and 3C-fnot lot, cost $14,t0U; smalt cash pay-
ment: rest monthly. Apply 2710 Dt-visadero.
CrOnn nkat cottage and lot; I
t&V\J\J. rooms: hard-finished. 210 Andover
aye., bet. > scent st. and East aye., Holly Park
Tract.
L'OK SALK-1011 CAPP ST., y ear twenty-
-T fifth: sunny, 5-room. bay-wtndow. modern cot-
tage; lot through to r*»r»t.; bargain; easy rrns
<r.T < -(\ RARE CHANCE FOR A HOME;
J_l»)U. new 2-e.ory cottas;<« 7 rooms: corner
lot, 60x50. Holly Park: small payments, same as
rent. C \DENA>s«' & CO.. 512 Montgomery st.
FOR SALE-ai'2sJ: NEW, MODERN 5-RO >M
cott^.re Highland aye.. Holly Park, 200 feet
•■ast of Mission st.: terms easy. Owner on prem-
ises every afternoon.
5 I -- l\ COTTAGE OF 4 ROOMS IN EAST
V s 1 i O\J. Berkeley: near station: south front-
ac«: street graded, "sewered and macadamized;
Cower garden: terms easy.
$400— Lot 40x120: $10 down: $7 60 monthly.
8175— Lot 25x135: ?sdown: $3 monthly.
CM as. A. BAILEY, 20 Montgomery st.
PROPERTY TO EXCfIAKGE.
iSV\"HOUSEsXIx)Ts". fro>i si-jso fd-fio.'nbo
— ''50 ranches, all sires, from $100 to 30.000
20 houses, • aklaml and Aiameda. $1000 to 8.000
100 business places, all kinds, from $50 10. 4,000
25 loddng-houxes and hotel*, from « iOO to 3.000
4 flat-., lot 60x114 6.«OO
1 good lot In city..... 150
2 los. Ocean View. 50x125 600
1 sores; M room«: ren. $lt'O 25.000
1 -KLL AND EXCHANGE — ■
All kind* of prop.-r y.—-
H. C. Hr.CXX.i. 1020 Market st,. opposite Fifth
L'OR~EXC!rANGE— WE HAVE AT RED-
P wood a . rautiful suburban home with 55acrs
of ground; also the most e.ecant home on Asb-
burv Heights, tins city (tie Hooper place); will
trade either one for nice home on JacKson or Pa-
cific Bt«.. not u:r;:ier out than Devinadcro. Conntry
Department, BOVEE, TOY it BORKTAG, 19
MontFOmery at. '
FLATS, 5 ROOMS EACH: ON CAR LINE;
worth $5000; price f3."?00; payments; lot 25x
114. DECKER, 1020 Market st. v';---,,--.r
r.-nAn KLKGANT TWO-STORY 9-ROOM
OUUV/. house with all modern Improvements,
on fine corner lot: choice part of Oakland; easy
terms or exchange equity for farm or stock of
goods. Address X., box 114. Call Office.
pEMEST, CONCRETE OR PLASTERING
\J work In exchange for good building lot. Ad-
dress C. C. box 99. Call. . ■■•-"-'.• - :
lOUfl ACRES* TIMBER LAND, KERN CO.;
IJ.O\J water; fine for cattle-raising. X.,bx.l6,CaU
CITY REAL ESTATE.
I At. HOBIOKR. I>OUI9 A. SOCC.
T A. bOUC * CO.,
REAL ESTATE AND INSURANCE BROKERS.
HOUSES RENTED. RENTS COLLECTED.
465 AND 467 VALENCIA ST., NEAR 16TH
As we ;nak« a specialty of Mission property and ,
arerLrhton the spot. we can save you time and '■
money by calling on us at once.
Q 1700 o*l**:0 * 1 **: HERE is A CHANCE TO
•i i i v." '. secure an elegant home in the warm
belt of the Mission o-i easy terms: $2000 cash, bal-
ance can remain: bay-window house of 8 rooms,
bath, laundry; all in Al order; street bituminiiea:
v.oriu $6<H»O.
Q^T^n **X«Os MISSION ST.. NR. 20TH..
«J I *J\J . house m rooms and bath could at
small cost be converted into Al business property
the lot Is worth more money.
i;J7nn 25x114: 19THVT..NR. VALENCIA: :
t^TiUV.the cheapest fiats in the Mission:
modern bay-window flats of 6 «nd 7 rooms and
bath; Laundry and has.-m nt: street work Ml done.
Q^Xf|A2sxll4:.2olH ST.. VEAK VALEN-
%. UUUV'cia: bay-window ions": 8 rooms and
bath: $3500 can remain on mortgage.
<r,(in<» 80x114; LIBERTY ST.. NR.GUER- ;
\J\.r\J\J* rero: bay-window house: 8 room*: '
bath; laundry; Nob Hill of the Mission; grand
view.
<X VlO VALENCIA. NR. 20TH: LOT 29x
'.UuuU, 90: bay-window house; 8 rooms and
biiii: could at small coat De converted into busi- !
ness property.
<*->r»H(l 2G * 125 : CHATTANOOGA ST.. NR.
•- — '-» 11 22d; cozy cottage of 5 rooms and
bath: in pt-rft-ct order: fine garden.
<V>|||l|j SAN CARLOS AYE.. NR. 19TH—
«^,tJV7wU. 2-story house of 5 rooms and bath;
street work all done and accepted.
<•>><( 111 2SxSO: LEXINuTON AYE., NEAR
». — CUV.'. lP:n— 2 flat(«, 4 and 5 rooms; rent 1
$28: street work all done »nd accepted.
Our list comprise- some of the best property in
the Mission. Lot* of all sizes In any of the home-
steads: also good business corners in any part of '
the Mission: call and get a list a;,.! prices.
If you want your vacant houses rented place
them with us.
I. A. suit A CO., 465 and 467 Valencia St.,
near 16th.
ODKRN 2-STORY DWELLING. 7 ROOMS,
bath, basement and attic, built for $2500: i
flats acd cot tacts built at most reasonable rates. :
Call a?, ! see plans. J.MciONAHEY. 1 149 Mission
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
pIIOICE ARRAY OF GREAT BARGAINS
\J this week: lurse, magnificent Hardman, a very
choice instrument, offered at half its value, party
go n? , ast and obliged to sell it at once: a nice
Stelnway at a sacrifice price; a new Chase Bros^ ■
case slig:uly damaged in shipment, very low; a
ritieu riKht. nice case, good toae, $235: another
up.'ght, good for practice, $75; square, $40. THE
.T. DEWING i Pa NY. second floor, Flood
Wii--., Fourth and Market sis. t
C'LU>IM.. OUT A COMPLETE LINE OF
\J small good* at prices less than poods cost
h-:;'el In New York; just the chance to buy a fine
in-rtrurnent fur your summer outing at small out-
lay: violins, «1 M: mandolin*. $3 35; guitars. $3;
antoharps, 31: accordiOLS. flutes, banjos, piccolos,
cases for Instrument*, violin outfits, etc; new
p>anos torrent and sale. J. HARRY (SOOTT, 929
Market .-:.. SpreckeU building.
OHMER. » "k. ST 1 1 N \V AY.ST A THAM j
0 second-hand uprights cheap. 103 McAllister. j
IpOR - a I . ! - - UPRIGHT PIANO. NEARLY AS I
a Looi as Dew: also lady's bicycle. Call at 1023 j
Linden si.. Oakland. j
<< I A A MARSHALL UPRIGHT: SHERWOOD [
O IUU. upright, $150. BRUENN'S, 228 post.
<l")- FINE WHEELOCK UPRIGHT.
Cl-". SCHMITZ, 16 McAllister St., next lli-
bernia Bank. ; ; '■ : ■•■ ■
< * >l W I NEW FIRST-CLASS UPRIGHT ON
0— ' '"• $5 installments. 221 Leavenworth st.
* NNUAL MA V CLKA RANCE SALE OF
-TV piano* and musical goods; everything sold
cheap this month. MAUVAIs', 769 Market st.
OH KB M A N7CLAY & CO.. STEINWAY REP-
O - :itatives. show the largest assortment of
pianos an . organs in the West: all grades and
prices; easy monthly payments: everything guar- '
anteed as represented. Kcarny and Sutter.
> FORE BUYING SEE HAINEBROS.'. BUSH '
<£ Gerts' and Knabe pianos; at wholesale
prices. A. L. BANCROFT & CO.. 324 Post st.
T" SHAW, $575: STEINWA Y.">-'IS":~SQUA RE,
-TV $J5; rented $2 up. HEINE, 136 Ellis St. ,
* RRIVKD— LOT OF CELEBRATED HIOH-
A trade T. L. Neumann pianos: prices and terms
moderate. H. LUEDERS. 82 Ninth st.
ONOVKR PIANO: AS UOOD AS NEW;
\J treat sacrifice. Tn* i. W. faPKNCKR COM-
PANY. :<3« Post st.
pHICKEKING. KNABE. STECK.VOSE. STER-
\J ling pianos: see our new piano for $187: pianos !
:or rent. BENJ. CURTAZ £ SON. 16 rarreii.
BYRON M.M'ZY, 308 POST ST.— SOHMEH, >
Newby « Evans. Hriggs and other pianos.
QUPERIOR VIOLINS, ZITHERS, OLOANEW
0 H. ML LLEK. maker, repairer. I Latham place.
A WEEK'S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS — TJUI
A WEEKLY CALL, In wrapper, for rr.aning.
_____
HOKStS.
I 'OR SALE— A TEAM OF YOUNG MULES,
harness an 1 wacon; good roads Apply 1913
Magnolia mv. Oakland.
Ijj HORSES Fort SALE; ALSO WAGONS,
1" bugsies, carts, harness: Grand Arcade Horse
Market, 327 sixth s". ; auction sales every Wednes-
day. SULLIVAN <fc DOYLE, Auctioneers. '. . -r;>
1 A. , Sf.TS SECOND-HAND HARNESS; ALL
11' ' kinds; second-hand wagons, buggy, carts;
also 20 Cheat) horses. Fifteenth and Valencia sts.
HOR~Es PASTURED; BEND FOR CIRCU-
Iar. The Hyde Ranch, 630 Commercial st.
| Tt|| ,-t.TS NEW A -L- SECOND-HAND UAR-
J. \)\J ness- all kinds: wagons, buggies, horses aal
'• scrapers: sand-wagons. 1123 Mission st.
R. C H. WtSTPHAL, VETERINARY SUR-
(.eoa for S. F. Police Depart menu office anl
riuspil— l. 121 < - itv Hal! aye.: t»lw I on* aamfa 401.
"WAGONS AND CARRIAGES.
OK BAI E— HANDSOME "» OUN G BLACK
17-hand team: excellent drivers: very attract-
ive. Particulars at 20 O'Farrell st , rooms 2 and 4.
OOD GENTLE HORSE FOR SALE CHEAP.
SPECK Jk. CO.. 60- Market St.
; rpEAMIN(i BUSINESS FOR SALE CHEAP:
1 part cash: 10 horses, 5 wagons. McEWEN
BROS., 118 Montgomery st.
LIGHTLY SOILED DRIVTNG LOVES;
| O samples. H. M. HEINEMAN, 109 Sansonie su
Vr_\V AND SKCON AND BAKERS', LA UN-
XN dry. milk and grocery wagons: also rockaway
and 2 line titin.-ie*. «■> Harrison >:.
FOR SALE— MISCELLANEOUS.
i DtI('OXHIIA.M) 'WINDMILL AND TANK IN
1 O good condition: will sell cheap. Apply (.'HAS.
B< ni.KINKK. 22 Clara aye., be;. Sixteenth and
Seventeenth its.
YEW DOUBLE-END CABIN SLOOP; 25:6 x
-Li b:6. Apnly 31 Julian aye.
QINOER SEWING MACHINE. $10: DO^
i 0 mostlc. $15; all attachments. 1559 Market st.
| IMK SALE-FRESH COW AND CALF.
■ X Twenty-sixth anil Sanchez sts.
4 '96 RAMBLER BICYCLE IN FIRST-CLASS
■ -" V condition at a bargain. Address Bike, box 30,
Call rtice.
"J7LOUR--<ACKS FOR SALE: NICE CLEAN,
X and! 1 good order: always plenty on hand. J. 8.,
■ 829 I'rtcUio -t., basement.
i LOR SALK — 2 STKARNS SPECIAL Bl-
i X cycles; in good order; cheap. 55 First st.
! T"OR SALK— '96 FOWLER BICYCLE, NEW;
X $83 cash. Address H.. box 6. Call Office.
GAS ENGINE. BRASIBM, PORTABLE
forge, etc.: for sale cheap. 1402 Devisaderost
ECOND-HAND TENT, 10x12; CHKAP. 740
Broadway, third floor.
SALK— COMPLETE SET OF BUTCHER-
X shop fixture- : cheap. Northwest corner Twen-
ty-ninth and . olorea.
ICYCLES; 2 NEW and 1 SECOND-HAND
wl *c: at a bargain. 113 Bcttery su
1 (DAMPING WAGON. D-ÜBLK HARNESS,
- \J etc: mosico.np'ete outfit; just the thing for
; Yost-mile trip. 415 Washington st.
i rpiIOROI<GUBRKi> BLA> X MINORCA EGGS.
Isl per 15; alto Belgian I aros. Address 2029
San Antonio aye., Alameda, Cal.
T/OR~SALK— UNION TOTAL-ADDING CASH
J. register; price $25. J. L.. box 64. Call Office.
i OR SALE-SUN CASH REGISTER; USED
I X 10 days; price $25. S. C, box 65, Call Office.
1.-IRST-CLASS SECOND-HANO WASHING-
| X ton hand press; alsoeighth medium Universal:
; thoroughly overhauled; cheap. Address C. A.,
; box 100, this office.
I ECOND-HAND GAS OR ASO LINE en-
i >O pint*: various sizes: 'guaranteed perfect order ;
! bargain. G. E.. box 100. call.
ARGAIN* TYPEWRITERS: ALL MAKES;
write for prices. Typewriter Ex., 310 California.
} tBB-PBOOV >AFE WITH BURGLAR
" chest; cheap. D. N. HAW, 318 Market.
' i OILKRS.ENGINES.2D-UAND MACHINERY,
< I'• waterpipes Mclntosh & Wolptnan, 137 Beale.
ABY CARUIAGKS AND RATTAN FURNI.
tnre bought at the factory saves retailer's pro-
fit. California Rattan Co.. 61 First St., nr. Mission
UILDINGM BuUGHT: LUMBER, SASHES
rj - doors, mantels, etc. for sale. llt>6 Mission.
j 1 \N"k .-MALL .MMU.IM AND LARGE SIZ3
! \J fire and burglar proof sAfe. 5 09. 11l Market %:.
1 MIRE AND BURGLAR >AF. . LETTER-
X press, platform *ca:es and desk;cheap. 10J Clay.
\"Kw range* cheaper than SECONO-
| 1> hand. <N. a RAY Mfz Co.. 12 California at.
CO UN T Ra, EHELVLNG. hHO WCASBa
- Oouiat and sold ll^l^Market beu7taandB;>
~" ! PROPOSALS.
PROPOSALS FOR HARDWARE. PLUMBERS'
X materials, stoves, lumber, paints, furniture.
fuel, stationery, printing, etc.— Sealed proposals
will be received by the Superintendent of Com-
! mon schoois, it) open session of the Board of Edu-
\ cation, on Wednesday. May 27. 1 t-9t>, «-l B. SO
i o'clock p. x . for furnishing' tne School Depart-
ment of the City and County of mih Francisco
I during the fiscal year 1*96-?7 with hardware,
plumbers' materials, stoves, lumber, paints, oils.
furniture, fuel, stationery, etc., and for doing the
j printing required during the same time, in accord-
ance with specifications at the office of the Board
ct Education, new City Hall.
I GEORGE BEANSTON. Secretary.
31 ONEY TO LOAN.
DIRECT ON YOUR FURNITURE OR PIANO:
}J no removal: no delays: no commissions: low
interest. Km. t>S Donohue b!dg. 1170 Market gl
<l DO TO $50001 LOAN ON GOOD SECUR.
.iriUV.' ity by private pony. A. L» D.. box 79,
Call.
JOS. B. rOrLITZ HAS $100,000 TO LOAN ON
life insurance policies, 33 1 Pine st.
L OANS ON FURNITURE, PIANOS ANO
JJ diamonds: confidential. Room 107, 6 Eddy st
■J ST A- 2U MOKTUAOK3I INTBRKSTS IN B*
AlMMzloweia rates: do delay .Ml V 62H Mm .
DIG CAPITAL IN TRUST AT 6 PEI'. CENT;
1 > the same rate on a M mortftace or life insur-
ance, or across the bay. Coin, box 19, Call Office.
ADVANCES OX 1)1 AMI } ; .HV. KTO
+ \ ColOi) Loan it Coll»t»r*l office. 9 Grant ava.
mo LOAN BY PRIVATE PARTY; FROM $20
-I to 55000 on Rood security. I box 444. Oakland
An V AMOUNT: IST. -1' or 3D MORTGAGE*:
-*v ui»um, undivided interests, real estate in pro-
bale. McCOLGAN. 24 Montcomerc. room* 2-3.
\l ONEY LOANED ON JEWbLRY AND
-i'» other valuables at the Security Loan Office,
Market sc.nr. Mason: private entrance 7 Turn.
ORTGAGES. LOANS ON COLLATE RA 9;
low rates, **vlvnin faloman A Cq.H'JS Montgr
PAWNBROKERS.
AT 138 KEARNY ST.. ROOM "9— MONEY
loaned, watches, diamonds, etc.; low rates: pri-
vate rooms: elevator: pleclr«*s for sal ■ cheap.
PHYSICIANS.
TTeMO vXd^Tsr~C?'c7 6 DON >TkLl" TO^T2O6
XV Market st. : disease* of woman a specialty.
ON'T FAIL TO CONSULT DR. JORDAN AT
his museum. 1051 Market st. : his 30 year*
successful practice is a guarantee ot fair treatment;
the worst cases treated satisfactorily by mall.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— oOB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND .REAL ESTATE.
C(j ACRES GUARANTEED LAND; CLEAR;
<J" Tehama County: for team of horses, wagon
and little cash, say *200. Apply to C. K. KING,
902 Broadway, Oakland.
C: 2-sTORY HOUSE: STA-
V 7 ble; windmill: Filbert si.. Oakland; lot 45x
135; to trade for husinens or <ell very low on In-
stallments. C. K. KING, 902 Broadway. Oakland.
63 ACRES: CHICHKN RANCH; CONTRA
4 Costra County: tine house: 2 barns: 20 chich-
en-housf»; erti»: sacrifice: $:k>00: $500 down and
$15 per month. C. K. KING, 902 Broadwcy, Oak-
land.
Q7: PER LOT. REDUCED FROM $150: 100
0 I •-' per lot. reduced from $200: 6 lots that
must b- sold' within the next 5 days: only half
cash and half their value: a Me bargain: inquire
at once. LAYMANCE, 466 Eighth St., Oakland.
OST $4000; MORTGAGE $2000; CAN BE
boucht for $2500: corner lot 10'JxlOO; on a
main street; convenient to business; street mac-
adamized: sewer, stone walks, water, gas, etc;
mode n flee 6-room cottasre. with bath; positively
1 500 discount if sold a- once; terms $500 cash,
balance mortirace: first come first served. J. S.
MYERS, 1002 Broadway, Oakland.
,17 C LAROK DOUBLE LOT; HALF AN
Oil •)• acre; 2 blo?k,s from Telegraph aye..
North Okland. Address P... box 114. Call Office.
TOOK! $100! LOTS ON INSTALLMENTS;
XJ no Interest; rear local trains and electric cars,
H. B. PINNEY, 902 Broadway, Oakland.
T~ O EXCHANGE —GOOD - RENTING OAK-
land property for ranches and wild land also
fruit, poultry and stock ranches for city property;
write me for what you want. J. H. KDSON, Beat
Estate Exchange, 908 Broadway. Oakland.
~C»J_."\A FOR BEAUTIFUL LOTS IN MEAD
'_ "TtJIF. Park, which faces San Pablo aye.. Mar-
ket and Twenty-fiith St., in the center of Oakland;
terms, one-fourth cash. A. H. Br<-ed <X Co., 460
Ninth St., Oakland, or DAVIDSON & LEIGH, 137
Montgomery St., Sau Francisco.
4 TTENTION BUILDEKS — PARTIES dl£
-TV siring to build homes or houses to rent will find
it to their advantage to call on us at once; special
attention given to alterations or repairs; plans and
specifications furnished free of charge. A. H
BLOW; 1010 Broadway.
HOUSE AND BUILDING LOTS ON INSTALL-
ments equal to rent: close to Fruitvale sta-
tion: 45 minutes to San Francisco: 13 minutes to
Broadway. Oakland: street wort all done; sewers,
gas and water in. Apply to Syndicate Investment
Company, WARD DICK, agent, Fruitvale sta-
tion.
OAKLAND HOUSES TO LET.
T^OR RENT— FINE FURNISHED HOUSE OF 9
• X rooms, ba h and billiard-room: larse grounds.
Apply MRS. BASCOM, Posen station. West Berke-
ley.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALB.
"c^qpC ku^nTtu^^TTko^jmX~^kTsTiieli^
■jCO. HAAS'. 40S Eleventh it, Oakland.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— I43S PARK STREET.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
*T~^N^rp^F^fO^^ r Al?r T?^E^rp^ETT : x'
J V house look at the one just finished on Central
aye., between Oak and Walnut sts., Alameda; I
', am sure if you wished to buy it will suit you, as it
is for sale: 7 large rooms very finely frescoed and
finished: open most every afternoon. GEO. B.
M. GRAY. 453 Ninth St., Oakland.
I OOK— s3so FOR LOTs HALF A BLOCK
XJ from Park St., Alameda. on installments; One
location. H. B. PINNEY. 902 Broadway, Oakland.
\4ARCUSE <fe REMMEL, CONTRACTORS
-'I and builders, Bay-street station, Alameda,
' Ca!., telephone 2.
t.-2'f —s.i cash, $20 monthly: 37:6 frontage;
i handsome new colonial cottage: 5 rooms and balh.
, $2450— $25 cash, 22 &0 monthly: 58X117; cot-
-1 tage of 5 rooms and bath.
; $2600— N0 cash, $25 monthly; 33x100; innny
corner house; 7 rooms and bath.
i $3000— No cash: $25 monthly; 37:6x100; SW.
corner: cotiace: 5 rooms.
$3250— 6 rooms and bath, to be built to order, la
elegant location.
Several special bargains in lots.
I Houses and stores to let from $10 up.
I Open Sundays and holidays.
J-'OR SALE—
House '- rooms and bath, Central aye.; house 4
rooms, '.rand st.; cottage 8 rooms, Everett st.:
! on Ion; time and easy terms, or will exchange for
1 ban Francisco or country property. Apply
EASTON, tLDRIDGE & CO..
638 Market St..
San Francisco, CaL
O-STORY HOUSE: CENTRAL AYE. : MODERN
••improvements; lot 60x148; fine well; $3650;
1 good terms.
$7500. redncea to $5500— Beautiful home: nearly
new; 10 rooms: lot 50x141; 80-foot avenue; street
work complete.
$1950— large 5- room cottage; Alameda aye.,
near Park st.
$750-Lot 50x200: well located.
$650— L0 50x180: well located.
E. D. JUDD. 1424 Park St., Alameda.
OTTAGE, 4 ROOMS AND BATH, LARGE
lot. $1800, $200 cash, balance easy terms:
cottage, 4 rooms, larse lot, $1000 cash. THOS.
, F. BAIRD. 1303 Park st. .
! L"OR SALE OR WILL EXCHANGE FOR
j X large or small lot fn Alameda, a new colonial
: cottage of 6 rooms; street work and sidewalk.
J. H. YOUNG, 12-13 Park st. ■
«i 1 "" r \f\ MODERN COTTAGE; 5 ROOMS
•7 L I O\J. and bath: $100 cash, $20 per month.
No. 736.
$3600— cor.: new: rooms «nd bath: open
1 plumbing, etc.; $250 cash. 330 a month. No. 78*.
$3100— $100 cash, $25 a month: fine 6-room cot-
taee; lot 40x125; nice grounds. No. 606.
$5000— Elegant new house: 8 rooms; moat be
sold: $500 cash. $40 per month. No. 671.
I $2800— Snap: $150 cash, $25 per month: new
; modern cottage; 6 rooms: lot 40x101). No. 752.
$3500— New modern 2-story: 7 rooms and bath;
$250 casi. $30 per month. No. 662.
Houses to let in all pans of Alarueds.
H. P. MORE A L <fc CO., 1432 Park si., Alameda.
VIEW COLONIAL HOUSE OF 7 LA RUB
i-> rooms, lust completed, on Central aye.. 1 block
west from Park St.: lot 140: rooms on lower
: floor beautifully tinted and frescoed: pa lor enam-
eled In old ivory, mantel white and gold; burl pan-
els in doors; plate glass throughout: beautiful
: brick mantel In dining-room: plumbing all open
work, and nickel-plated cement basement; elec-
-1 trie appliance. Call and see this house, as lam
sure if you wish to buy it will suit you. GEORGK
H. M. GRAY. 463 Ninth st^ Oakland.
ALAMEDA HOUSES TO LET.
on?ENT^O?KW^uI'rAGE^
modern improvements: lawn: flowers: rent
$20: water free. 1434 Ninth it., bet. Mastlck and
Knclnal station. Aiameda.
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
\ LTA PUNTA TRACT, THE GEM OF THR
j\. bay region, 908 acres subdivided: 3 miles
j north of Berkeley, 8 from Oakland; 47 minutes
; from San Francisco: lots 50x200 leet, from $81) to
I $.00: small deposit; easy Installments; Send for
beautiful map with prices and terms. GEOROB
W. HAiGHI*, 220 Sansome St., San Francisco, Cal.
G- OOD HOMES FOR RENT OR FOR SALE
on easy terms. O. G. MAY A CO., real estate
end building. 2123 Center St.. Berkley.
BERKELEY HOUSES.
Fr hnTshed* HOUSE to'^let^~for a
X months; 9 rooms and bath; beautiful view.
JOS. J. MASON, Dwlehfrway station.
LOR RENT, IN BERKELEY— A MODERN
i honse of 10 rooms, bath and laundry; large
yard, stable and chicken-house; cheap to responsi-
ble and permanent tenant ; 3 blocks from station;
convenient to University. Address Berk, box 10,
; Call office.
I T^OR RENT— AN ELEGANT RESIDENCE OF
J 1 12 rooms, Dwlght way, Berkeley; beautiful
grounds: profusion of flowers, frait and shrub-
bery: carriage-house, barn, etc. M. L. WURT3,
Dwlght-way station.
BERKELEY ROOMS.
{ V'ICEXY^X^NI^H^D^^O^r^ANrr^OOD
I Xi board, corner of Bancroft way and Telegraph
aye.; convenient to cars; 1 block to university
J Berkeley "
1314
I
HOUSES TO LET. I
<7A fIU MISSION, 9 rooms, bath. $34:
Z.'l\ M) shntwell. 9 rooms, bath, $30; 701 Shot-
well, cor. Twenty-llrst, 10 rooms, bath, $30; 1139
Valencia. 8 rooms, hath. $26; 9"-:9i^ Natoma, 6
rooms, $16; 105 Diamond, <-otfee. 5 rooms, bath,
$15. W. H. CKIM 4 CO., 118 Montgomery su
TO LET — HOUSE OF 8 BOOMS. BATH
airfl storeroom: stable. 2 stalls and box-stall: :
na.o.i and chiciceu-house; lot 75x100: Fifteenth 1
aye.. south San Francisco; half block from elec- ,
trie cars: all in iirst-class order: will be rented low
to a careful tenant: key at grocery, corner Fif-
teenth and Railroad eves. Call at O'FAKRELL
6 CO. or at 516 Buttery st.
(My CALIFORNIA AVK.. NEAR MISSION— ,
'J •'" 5 rooms and bath; rent very cheap. Apply
MADISON & B>. RKE, 626 Market St. I
rTTj-f SUNN V RESIDENCE; SOUTHEAST
t^^iO. cor. Taylor end Broadway; 10 rooms anJ
bath; fine vlow. Apply 929 I roalway.
VKW SMALL HOUSE OF 6 BOOMS: BATH:
J-> newly papered; sunny. 3320 Sacramento su
♦ PPKKCTaTED IF SEEN— -■_".-■_• S UTTER.
-rv near Jones;- choice for doctor or drcsemaiter.
II OUSh. 9 LARGE SUNNY ROOMS, BATH,
Xl laundry; can be used for 2 families: beautiful
garden. 06 Elgin park, near Ridley, above Va-
lencia. '
"OUSE OK 5 ROOMS: SUNNY YARD; RENT
low. 27 Clementina sU
HOUSE OF 9 ROOMS AND BATH: RENT
$40; newly painted. 433 O'Farrell st.
RMING COTTAGE-HOUSE: 7 NICELY
" decorated rooms, porcelain bath, pantry, laun-
dry, etc.; sunny: near the park panhandle. 415
Clayton St.. between oak and Page.
A PPRECIATED IF SEEN— SO MORRIS AVK.,
-."V off Harrison st., near fixth; sunny house of 6
rooms: good order; $13; water free; yard; cellar.
I CAT JONES, NEAR BROADWAY— HOUSE
1 I U i of 4 rooms: gun front and back; $14.
Q/ if* AND 810 LEAVEN WORTH ST., 10 AND
O''O 1 1 rooms and baths: sun all day; splendid
location for room-renting; Urge yards.
fr 1 n NEW HOUSE WITH 7 ROOMS AND
«T5 iD . bath: corner Twenty-sixth and Castro.
4 a TWENTY-SECOND. Ni:. DOLORES-5
O^Li'x nice sunny rooms, bath: very cheap: $12 50.
MARY, NEAR FIFTH AND MISSION— 4
<— U nice sunny rooms: very cheap; $14.
6Ts"h 9 KOOMS; HOT AND COLD WATER;
cheap to t;ood tenant. 4^l Powell st.
HOUSE 9 BOOMS AND BATH: IN GOOD
order; reasonable rent. 1427 Post St., near
GQUKh.
7 ROOMS, BATH AND LAUNDRY- FRONT
• and rear yarns; on » pretty street, fronting pri- j
we park: newly painted, clean and attractive; ;
$30. DEMPSTER, .-6 Glen Park aye.
• LKT— HOUSE OF 7 ROOMS AND BATH:
TLI r— HOUSE OF 7 BOOMS AND BATH:
fine basement; rent $25. Apply 353 Grove st-,
bet Fra klin and Gougb.
OUSE 7 I : < K>MS; MODERN IMPROVE-
ments. 1216 Treat aye.. opp. Garlield square.
r. Ii- HOUSE 5 SUNNY ROOMS AND
V LO. bath. 624 Locust aye., off Lacuna st.
T ook A 1 8-ROOM HOUSE COR. PINE AND
XJ Scott, $£ii; 9- room house, 16 Franklin, near
>larK-et, i-3b; reduced $12 each.
£.•_><» HOUSE 8 ROOMS, BATH; MODERN.
C"' "• 1723 Clay st., near Van Ness aye.
"VV E RENT MANY HOUSES BECAUSE WE
'» treat people risrhu BALDWIN & HAM-
?!UND 1 ' lilontgomery st.
FURNISHED HOUSES.
QVT^ ''"iT RNTTT''RE~OF~9~ROOMS FOR
*i5l to. sale: rent low. 216 Seventh st.
I" N~~BELVEDERE: FURNISHED HOUSE OF
6 rooms. Apply Belvedere Laud Office.
«•) [On HOV.ARD— 4 OK 5 SUNNY BAY-
_ l_ "' window housekeeping rooms; 527.
COTTAGES TO LET.
To LET-44S CHURCH ST., COTTAGK, 4
rooms, large ard and stable; rent $16. L. A.
Sui'C & CO., 46."> Valentia St.
/■'OTTAGE FOUR LARGE ROOMS: LARGE
V yard: rent cheap: key corner Twenty-flfth
and Florida sis., also 418 St-vensou.
OTA "AND ~UP— XICE CLEAN (SOME NEW)
qpJLU cottages. SPECK .'.- CO., 602 Market st.
C COTTAGE: :: BOOMS: BASEMENT; LARGE
\J yard; $10. 26 - -7 ilanlson, near Twenty-third.
r."I A COTTAGE BROOMS; WATER AND
Ql i. cellar. Call 325 Fifth.
CO I T AGES. '. AND 5 ROOMS; BATH;
— cheap. Apply 2643 Bryant St., nr Twenty-fifth.
~V"iCE COTTAGE; 6 KOOMS, BATH AND ALL '
-i-N modern improvements: rent 532 50. 1016
Brodcrick St., near Turk.
Ql ( • COTTAGE; 6 ROOMS; BATH; CEL-
•_ ' ''• lar. 421 1 edar aye., off Geary, nr. Lacuna.
<J»Q COTTAGE; FLAT, $12; BOTH LARGE,
•_ •-'. separate yards. 1123 Vallejo sU
<Q 3-ROOM .SUNNY COTTAGE; LARGE
O'-'* yard. Jersey and Sanchez sts.
"»3j->X COTTAGE OF 5 ROOMS AND BATH;
•.—••'• yard: stable: 627 Guerrero St.. bet. Eight-
eenth and Nineteenth. Apply D. B. BOW LEY,
2136 llowarl st., near EiKtittenth.
£. 1 A NEaT COTTAGE OF i •KOOMS AND
C I -£• bath. IMI Union, near Lacuna.
"o-r ~7\ COTTAGE OF 3 ROOMS; GOOD OR- 1
•TT • .O\J. der: water free. Apply premises 945
Bryant St.. near Eighth, or room 79, 628 Mont-
gomery.
I^UNNV COTTAGES: 4 AND 5 ROOMS: BATH;
k^ large basement: yard. Cor. Dolores nnd 15th.
FUKNISIiED ILATS.
\!< ELY Ft" ;^N !-I[Kl>~frß7SsTr~FTA^fTs2oi
-L\ to responsible party. 1037 a Dolores st.
pOM IE FURNISHED: 8 ROOMS;
" bath: sun on three sides: marine view; piano 1
ati(3 machine, ii desired: *;-(.". 2705 Lacuna st. j
FLATS TO LET.
31 09 WASHINGTON— LOWER 7 ; ROOMS,
1 •)— bath, $3*2 50: 2518 Mission, upper 6
rooms, butb,?2J 50: 2825 Howard, lower 5 rooms,
bt-tt:, -■_•>: -.07 Second, upper 7 rooms. $18; 524
Filbert, middle 5 rooms, bath, marine view, ?18:
1-11 Guerrero, upper 5 rcotns, bath, $17; 11%
McLea court, upper 5 room-,. batn. $16; 1 Kondeli
•place, nenr i-ixt- entli aDd Valencia, upper 4
ri-oms, l>R:h. $16; 526 Filbert, ur>per 5 room-.. $16 :
116 Dorlaud, upper *> rooms. *14: 421'/. Missis-
sippi, lower 4 rooms, bath, *14 : 1307 Minna, upper 5
rooms, 514. « . H.t KIM iV CO., 118 Montgomery.
© I o only— fine modern flat: six
•_* LO rooms, bath, large basement and yard:
every convenience: 719 Fourteenth st~, near Mar-
ket. BALDWIN & HAMMOND, 10 Montgom-
er> st.
1 KOOMS ON FIRST FLOOR; CLEAN AND
" a- tractive: front and rear yards; unSnished
basi-ment; on charming private street fronting
pr.rk; to quiet family: $10. D.-.MP.VTKR. 36 Glen
ParK aye . oft" Twelfth st.
TJODERN SUNNY UPPER CORNER FLAT,
■i" 6 rooms: bath: stable. southwest corner
H:rt,p and Merritt, bet. Seventeenth and Eigbt-
• entb -is.
>"p\VO SUNNY FLATS, 5 AND 6 BOOMS;
J bath; $13 and $22 SO. Apply 513 Oak.
Cil9 LOWKR4 ROOMS; CONSERVATORY
V and bath: $8. 4 rooms. 142 Collingwood
Cj 1 T FLA"TOF4 515 THIRTJSENTH
'.11, St.. bet. Market and Guerrero.
499 PAGfc— MIDDLE FLAT 6 1 L<-GANT
— — sunny rooms with bath; modern improve-
ments.
■790-* GUOVE-LOWER FLAT; 4 ROOMS,
'-'"'at: light sunny yard.
i?LAT, 5 LaI'.UE SUNNY ROOMS, 1120 HAR-
I rlson st., nr. Seventh.
VTICE iJiiNEK FLAT OF 3 ROOMS, RENT
1^ *10. near -. P. It; H. depot, 2 Zoe at. : also nice
flat of 5 rooms and bath, and separate yard; rea-
sunable; key on premises.
it 1 A AND 518-120 NOE, NEAR MARKET;
♦U 1 a -T elegant sunny flats: 5 rooms; all improve-
ments. *
ON RINCON HILL-FLAT, 3 LARGE ROOMS:
Vf 5 v a-.- : ,r piace, off Harrison, near Second.
ftl 0 L i" W Kin r I.AT, 3 BOO ; YARD;
»PXV/. celiar. 1008 Katoma. near Eleventh.
-IJfKNT REDUCED-TWO SUNNY NOB HILL
-"'flats, .opi«j:te Stantord'a: 7 and 8 rooms and
hath ; r- :■■-•■ >nd $42 50. 726 Powell st.
<•'(> f*° w EK KLAT: 6 ROOMS; BATH;
<&-. *j • large basement; sunny yard. 137 Page.
V l r h \ '' '''■ '• PLATS, BOOMS AND~KATH.
Xi 521 I'm e'i st.
lj'-LAT b SUNNY KOOM«:Y A RD; BASEMENT.
X 11-.-i san Jnseave., near Twenty-third.
<Ii; Nhw ;,, HA~sT7s 'ME, SUNNY 6-KOOM
tlTiiU. flau rwenty-third sU, near Harrison.
<tQ SPiER5 Pi'ER as D :.6welTFlats: 4 rooms
v >'. »-ac-h. W37 Twen ,-jittii s:., beu Church
and Dolores.
( . RO.1M8; iiATTiT"sr:rijT:ii: cheap, COR.
V l'wi'ii-;y-second and Harr^an sts.
Tl>> £ ,', 1 AVI: . N1! - MCALLISTER, ABOVE
JXO Polk; -.;,-. Hat; modern; $15.
'_> SUNNY. BAY-WINDOW . ROOMS' BATH;
0 basement: key at 19 Hampton plact, off Fol-
som. near Third. •....."■_„."*
TOWER IkLAT:1 k LAT: 1 R..OMS; YAI'.D: BASE-
A ment; stable if re., aired. 36 West Mission.
I'll 0 / MISSION, NKAR KLKVKNTU::"S
J.OJ _) beautiful |..u.,r.-.! ro..:ns: haffi: laumTry.
Q 1 -j 3 LAKGK ROOMS"; YARD. 409 THIl:"
»jp iO. teentti, above Valencia. .
-1 ■ k 97 '" ' ■'•' ''< 1 1 . NITTI O\V A R D-2 NEW
■I-"" 1 flats of 4 and 5 rooms and bath: $18.;
• II ANDsio: NIAVJ^I a ii. :,.!, .^UnTTy
V 1 Jt flats 4 and 5 rooms. 262 and 2G'»iyi clara
Bt-, near Bfacth. . /"r™."
jr> 1~,"7\ Tl ROO M 8: BENT $11. 812""JESSI£ ST '
X I near Ninth; key at -roc. rv . . :
t" TPPER I'ART or Hul'-K 4 ROOM'S; BATH-
J closet; sink; $11. 222 1 Mission sU
■VTJ4W i BC N N Y i- UPPER FLAT 7 ROOMS;
i.X bath; reasonaole. 128 Fair Oaks, near Twenty-
third. : ■
. AbTUKK-2 SUNNY FLATS; 4 ROOMS
i" in rear.
otwtl LANG rON ST.— FOUR KOOMB, AND
_ \'-£ Htable suitable for 2 horses and 1 wagon:
rent cheap.
Q~U-\ NY LOWER FLAT, 5 BOOMS; BATH;
O large basement: rent reasonable. 1724 Eddy:
\K\V CORNER SUNNY tt-ROOMKD FLAT;
i-N marine view.' 110(3 Green su
FLATS TO LET— Contlnned. ■
a AND 5 ROOMS; BATH; $11.512 i siS: ELEC-
*-|-trii -lines. 45H5 Eighteenth sU
O^OO POST — ELEGANT NEW FLAT, 6
JS)J-'> sunny rooms and bath; rent reasonable.
nOR.VKIfKLAT.BUS IN EVERY KOOM; 6
\J rooms: latest improvements. ■ 1541 Eddy St.
m. . HOWARD ST.— NICE SUNNY 4-ROOM
J.XOO flat; large yard: cheap rent. ; •
C.l i FLAT 5 ROOMS AND BATH. 489
>ri. Sanchez st., corner Eighteenth.
1-iq FULTON— FINE MIDDLE FLAT OF 7
XJ O room sand bath: $28.
I»PER FLAT: 4 SUNNY ROOM'S; RENT
$10 to a small family. 311 Harriet st., bet.
Sixth and Seventh, near Bryant^ ■**■;:
7 TPPER FLAT: 5~~ SUNNY ROOMS. 608
U Stevenson st., near sixth; rent $18.
8 ROOMS: WATER FREE. "585 MISSION ST.;
rent #16.
SINNY FLATS: 3 AND 4 ROOMS; BATH;
garden; $13 and $16. 1706 Post st.
C.~t (1 UPPER FLAT 5 ROOMS; BATH.
K^X'J. 1025% Pine st.. above Van Ness aye.
Cj -1 ?. "' 133 ASH AVE., OFF VAN NESS, near
•Jslt). McAllister: flat 5 rooins'and bath.
1 9OQ GOUGH-ELEGANT UPPER FLAT; 7
!_'/.) rooms anil bath.
QO7 CLEMENTINA— 4 ROOMS: $14: GOOD
O— I order.
780Va Harrison — 5 rooms and bath; $20; good
oraer.
355 Fourth— Upper flat; 6 rooms and bath; $18;
good order.
(T.IQ CONVENIENT 6-RoOM FLAT; SUN-
<£)XO. ny. Cor. Nineteenth and Hartford sts.,
near Castro. : .
\TICE MIDDLE FLAT: 8 ROOMS: BATH: $30.
1> Third st. near Harrison ; key a: 417^ Third.
UWKH FLAT OF 4 LARGE ROOMS; SUNNY
J side of street; rent $9 a month. 416 Rlngold
si., bet. Eighth and Ninth, Harrison and Folsom.
79£1 MCALLISTER — FLAT; 6 ROOMS;
I ZAj'i modern improvements: rent reduced.
E KENT MANY FLATS BECAUSE WE
treat people right. BALDWIN «fc HAM-
MOND, 10 Montgomery st.
LKIiANT NEW FLATS, SEVENTH ST., BE-
X\l low Brraat, 5 and 6 rooms, bath; $8 to $16.
* WEEK'S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS — TOT
■A WEEKLY CALL, in wrapper, for mailing.
HOUSEKEEPING KOOMS.
Bryant Street.
•r-l 1 BRYANT— NICE SUNNY SUITE, CON-
t)il uected; $-2 75 per week.
California Street.
9frqi CALIFORNIA— 3 ELEGANTLY FUR
— •JO I nished rooms and batn for housekeeping;
cheap.
Clay Street.
1 -i'7o CLAY —FURNISHED PARLOR
X"i— \J floor; light housekeeping: sunny: marine
view; pleasant borne for small faml!>.
Eddy Street.
I 9AA NICELY FURNISHED HOUSE-
I — ' 1 keeping rooms: also sunny rooms.
(II 7 EDDY— NI«. ELY FURNISHED FRONT
Oil housekeeping rooms; splendid location;
private family.
Eighth. Street.
"I no EIGHTH - SUNNY HOUSEKEEPING
XUO rooms; $2 a week up.
Kills street.
'A< ELLIS- FURNISHED FRONT ROOM,
OUt light housekeeping; also room with stove.
r;q9 ELLlS— four SUNNY UNFURNISHED
OOJ. rooms, with bath.
Elizabeth Street.
~A r ELIZABETH, COR. CASTRO, TWENTY-
OtrO third and Twenty-fourth — Three sunny
rooms; furnished or unfurnisued.
Fell Street.
II A 1 FELL « R - OCTAVIA— SUNNY ROOM.
"tl i 2 furnished or unfurnished, vrith use of
kitchen, inquire at place.
1 nt li Street.
QQ SUNNY BEDROOM; KITCHEN: BATH;
tj!O. water; no children: private. 314 Fiftn.
oV) - FIFTH— 3 FURNISHED HOUSEKEEP-
O+-O ing rooms. $13: also single rooms.
I- lllmore Street.
1 1 FILLMORE-TII REE furnished
luUlg large sunny corner rooms for house-
keeping: bath, gas and grates: $18 or $7 each.
t ol.iini Street.
QQX FOLSOM— 2 LARGE SUNNY ROOMS;
000 yard and use of bath ; furnished for house-
keeping; rent $9.
1 Oil^ A v "LSOM— >UNN*Y ROOMS, KL'R-
X yj-±O nished for housekeeping; $10 aud $11.
Fourth • treet.
99' FOURTH— FURNISHED ROOMS FOR
£t£iO light housekeeping: also single.
oeary Si tee..
91 71 GEARY— 3 SUNNY HOUSEKEEPING
— X I 2 rooms. Key 217.
£•90 LOR, BEDROOM, DINING-ROOM,
»Ji —O. sewing-room, bath, kitchen: all neces-
saries. 1917 Geary St.
Hayes Street.
IAI Q 1 HAVES— ROOMS; USE OF
x Tii/2 kitchen: hot and cold water; single
room. $5.
Hermann Street.
9' HERMANN. NEAR VALENCIA— I OR 2
•'J rooms: nicely furnished with or without
kitchen; gas and bath.
Hickory Avenue
1 Oft niCKORY AYE., COR. FRANKLIN— 3
lvU sunny furnished rms for housekeeping: $16.
i:o\vard Street..
-9- HOWARD— TWO ROOMS, FURNISHED
0~0 complete for housekeeping: reasonable.
9'_) l HOWARD, NR. FIFTH— UN
•-'— »'! i furnished alcove room, bay-window, grate,
large closet, running water; only $8.
"1 IJ 9 HOWARD— 2 FRONT SUNNY BAY-
XXtfc.- window housekeeping rooms: water;
range; $12 50.
1 9 A X HOWARD— 3 OR 3 ROOMS, FUR-
XZ.\JO nished complete for housekeeping; cheap.
Jessie >treet.
AJJD JESSIE— TWO ROOMS NICELY FUR-
-1 * \J iiished for housekeeping.
Kearny Street.
1 C\A KEARNY— S UNFURNISHED ROOMS;
XV/Tt board taken for rent if desired.
. Jueavenworth street."
1 f\(\ LEAVEN WORTH. COR. O. G. AYE.-
XUV/ Nicely furnished sunny front room suit-
able for 2 gentlemen, $2 ; er week.
Linden Avenue.
9Q LINDEN. AVK., OFF* VAN NESS, NEAR
*-»7 Hayes— Large unfurnished room: stove.
McAllister Street.
£.91 MCALLISTER — 2 LARGE SONNY
] O&x rooms furnished: carpets, curtains, bed
lounge, wooden mantel, oilcloth and stove in
kitchen; gas; $13. _^
31iimu street.
•r 7 r MINNA — 2 SUNNY FRONT ROOMS,
010 complete for housekeeping.
3nst> 01. Mreei.
Q9OI MISSION — COMPLETELY FUR-
fJ&OTI nished sunny kitchen and bedroom;
porch.
QJ7 MISSION— 2 BASEMENT ROOMS: COM-
t/*T I plete for housekeeping.
Oh*_> MISSION— 2 SUNNY FRONT ROOMS
000 for housekeeping; private family.
191 Q MISSION — FURNISHED HOUSE-
-1 — I «/ keeptac rooms: gas; bath: no children.
19"\1 MISSION, co 1 ;. NINTH — 2 COZY
XAiOx housekeeping rooms: $10.
New Montpomery Street.
"I nr NEW MONTGOMERY— FARGO HOUSE;
XUO furnished bonsekeeplng rooms in suites of
2; $1 75 i» r week and upward.
Ninth Street.
91 NINTH— NICELY FURNISHED ROOMS
— 1 for light housekeeping: also others.
Oak Street.
JO OAK— SUNNY ROOMS FOR RESPECT-
n:<^ able wording women: private day home for
children; large playgro.ind.l; $5.
Page Street.
mPAGE — FURNISHED FRONT BAY-
window housekeeping rooms: conveniences;
reasonable.
Pine Street. ..
rr/\ A PINE-SUNNY SUITE, FURNISHED
• vXor unfurnished, for housekeeping: also
single. .. .--;■■
I'olk Street.
01 Q POLK — ELEGANTLY FURNISHED
0i O sunny parlor: bay-window alcove, with
kitchen for housekeeping comulete; new carpets
and furniibre: gas stove: bath; also tinted single.
"l Af'9 POLK— ELEGANT. SUITE OF TWO
1 uUi. ba'-.< rooms in modern apartment • ouse-
separate kitchen, sink, etc.: large crosets, all con-
veniences; no lodgers: rent *12 60: references
exchanged. ■
Silver Street.
10~ SILVER. NEAR FOURTH— 2 SUNNY
X KJ'J furnished rooms tor housekeeping.
sixth > reet.
901 SIXTH— NICE SUNNY HOUSEKEEP-
•-O2 ing nd single rooms.
I£ A 1 1 sixth— a SUKST bay- window
I oy/XM rooms; furnished for housekeeping; $10.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY 17, 1896.
HOPSEKEEriNG ROOMS I- Continued.
Second Street. ,
rn-l SECOND— TWO sUNNY ROOMS, FDR.
■JDI nlshed for housekeeping.
Seventh Street.
•1 r 7 SEVENTH-LARGE, NEAT ROOMS FOR
XU I housekeeping: $8 up.
>imii ParK.
"I r» SOUTH PARK— a TO 4 FURNISHED
1U housekeeping, $7 to $14: 4 unfurnished, $10;
single, $5.
QQ SOUTH PARK— 2 SUITES, FURNISHED
HO completely for housekeeping.
tevennon Street. :
C£>l STEVENSON— ONE OR TWO SUNNY
«Jl)l furnished rooms for housekeeping.
697 STEVENSON— SMALL NICE SUNNY
*- I room: elderly lady preferred cheap. .
I' i -> STEVENSON ST.. BET. SEVENTH AND
v» i — Eighth— 2 furnished housekeeping rooms,
bath; central. -_•.'■ . . .
Stockton Street.
9A91 STOCK TO N-PLE ASA NT SUNNY
~\)-*'Z suites; algo housekeei iug rooms.
Til STOCKTON— NICE FURNISHED
ill rooms for housekeeping; $10 and $12 per
month.
1 70*-l STOCKTON— 2 SUNNY ROQMS, FUR-
X 4 \JO nlshed complete for hkpg. ; cheap rent.
Tenth Street.
<O1 TENTH-FLAT OF TWO LARGE SUN-
-101 ny rooms with closets.
Turk street.
1 t)(\ TURK— 3 ROOMS AND BATH; FUR-
X — - \J nished for housekeeping. ■
Twenty-sixth. Street.
ml TWENTY-SIXTH, NEAR MISSION—
XlUg Large sunny housekeeping suites, nicely
.fnrnlshed; $9 to sl2. ■
Van Ness Avenue.
*>9A VAN NESS— FURNISHED ROOMS FOR
O~" housekeeping; corner bouse.
Washington street.
CAO WASHINGTON— SUNNY UNFURNISH-
O\J—d ed housekeeping rooms; running water.
1 fU Xl WASHINGTON — 5 FURNISHED
XUV'*/ housekeeping rooms; rent reasonable to
responsible parties.
Miscellaneous.
3 NICE ROOMS: HOUSEKEEPING FOR 2
ladles or man and wife: pleasant part of Mar-
ket st.: rent $11. G. 1... box (5, Call • lllt-e.
KOOMS TO LET.
It oil rlti 11 Place.
8 BOURBIN I'LACE, BET. STEINKR AND
0 Pierce Hts., off Eddy— and double sunny
front rooms; bath: $5 and $8.
I 1-1. Street.
1 1 OQ BUSH— SUNNY FURNISHED ROOMS
llUt7 with board; references.
h-ddy Place.
QA7 EDDY — FRONT ROOM; GAS; BATH;
O\J I private; low rent.
* .Klitfl Street.
SHERMAN APARTMENT HOUSE. 28 BTH
St., near Market: furnished and unfurnished.
I-.lliH Street.
THK RAMONA, 130 ELLIS: MRS. KATE 8.
1 MART, menager— A quiet bouse; centrally lo-
cated; rewly turnished: elevator; hot cold water.
>} I - K1.1.1s -T.-R> OMS vi AND UP: also
Ox O rooms for housekeeping: 3 basement rooms,
partially furnished, only $8.
EOSEDALE HOUSE, 321 ELLIS— IOO ROOMS
at reduced rent; satisfy yourself: open all night.
Eleventh Street.
m ELEVENTH— LARGE FRONT ROOM;
also small room; furnished or unfurnished.
Fell .Street.
Q1 Aa FELL QUIET ROOM FOR QUIET
OIU gentleman in quiet house; breakfast If de-
sired.
Fifth Street.
QQ FIFTH— BAY-WINDOW SINGLE
Oo and double rooms; $5 up.
1 <>.«,, Street. O;..''_
QOX FOLSOM — LARGE SUNNY FRONT
VOO room, newly furbished; use of bath; rent $7.
i.nr» M»eu..
91 Q GEARY— SINGLE FURNISHED ROOM;
—.lO rent $6 50.
71 ft GREEN— FURNISHED ROOM $6 PER
I XU month.
OAI GEARY. COR. . HYDE— 2 ELEGANT
OU 1 sunny bay-window rooms, furnished or un-
furnished; mantel, closets; handsome new corner
flat.
QOO GEARY— SUNNY FRONT SUITE FOR
OOP family; excellent board: reasonable.
riIHE MARTINET HAS CHANGED HANDS;
X handsomely furnished suites, single rooms, $10
per mo. up. 1101 Geary. SW. cor. V;ir. Ness aye.
I AC\(\ tiKARY . NEAR COR. OFOCTAVIA— 3
J.TTVU elegant fnrota ied rooms for gentlemen;
everything new; all modern conveniences.' |
. .<il.i<i, < ... Avenue.
OOA GOLDEN GATE AYE.— SUNNY FHONT
OOU bay window room ; also single rooms. 96:
references.
OOf- GOLDEN GATE, COR. LARKIN— 2
»>•>'» large sunny rooms, 1 front: light house-
keeping If desired; $10 per mouth.
Grant Avenue.
1 01 * GRANT AYE.— FURNISHED ROOMS;
-lUla day, week or month; transient.
9OT GOLDEN OATS | — SUNNY FUR-
<— O I nlshed rooms; "ingle and double; rein low.
Grove Street.
9-1 9 GROVE, NEAR VAN NESS AYE.—
-I- nicely furnished front sunny rooms, in pri-
vate family: rent $6 and $10.
Harrison Street.
7791 HARRISON, NR. FOURTH- FINELY
I I £<2 furnished sunny rooms; bath; yard; closet;
$1 a week.
Hayes Street.
II 1 HAVES-ONE NICE SUNNY ROOM.
Hermann Street.
9;: HERMANN ST., • NEAR VALENCIA— 1
*->O or two rooms; nicely furnished; with or
without kitchen; gas and bath. ■
Howard Street.
£9Q HOWARD — NICE SUNNY ROOMS;
\J*LiO also front rooms.
HLt\ 1 HOWARD — NICELY FURNISHED
I UJ-2 bay-window suite, with kitchen; others;
reasonable.
QJA HOWARD- LARGE SUNNY ROOM,
VrxO furnished, suitable for two, with bath.
». yrte Street.
7AOB HYDE— NICELY FURNISHED SUN-
-4 VJO ny room; use of bath.
Jackson Street.
1 1^ JACKSON, BET. LaRKIN AND POLK
IOUO —A nicely furnished room.
Je».Ri« street.
Ql 9 JESSIE, BET. NINTH AND TENTH—
OxZi furnished room, with or without kitchen.
•tones m ri'oi.
m JONES— NICELY FURNISHED LARGE
sunny room; private: $11.
907 .'< 'N KS -1H h. VAN WINKLK. NEW
Z.V/ I mannEement: elrcant sonny snites and
single: newly turnlsbed; bin, etc.; SIO to *.:n
« «artn Mrea..
* BI.INOTON HOUPE, 127 KEARNY— FLEA*-
-**V ant sunny rooms, to suite and single; tlmdau
■: «v«Ty respect: terms rritnonable.
2OA KEARNY — HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS;
OU gas or coal stove: also other rooms.
Luskin Street.
91 LASKIE, OFF MlvslON'. IfKAB NINTH —
2 furnished sunny rooms; $4, $5 and $8.
Lurk In ro«t.
ft9Cl LARKIN— FKuii ITO 4 FURNISHED
U^Oa or unfurnished sunny rooms: upper flat;
no children. ■ .
Of\A LARKIN ST.— LARGE SUNNY FRONT
Ovi nicely furnished: housekeepieg, if desired:
$9 : - ■■■ -
Linden venue.
9Q>I LINDEN AVK., NEAR GOUGH— 3 SUN-
— Gtfc ny rooms; planked yard: water; rent cheap.
Locust Avenue. .
VTICE UNFURNISHED ROOM, WITH PLACE
-Li for stove, 128 Locust aye.
.».i.rlt«-- -co..
11 1 Q MARKET-SINGLE ROOMS. $1 25;
1 110 larger, 92 to $.»; suites, $5 up: transient-
VO^KMITK HOUSE. 1045 MARKET — PER
1 night, 35c to $1 : week, $1 50 to $5: families.
I..rvQ MAIInKT — NICELY FURNISHED
X -vO sunny rooms; $6 upward.
jt.JSSion ' • - <-..
/'"I O MISSION — N'ICKLY FURNISHED
V) lO rooms, 15 cents to 50 cents per night; $1 to
$2 per week. *
riIHE WILSON HOUSE, 775 MISSION. NEAR
X fourth— New fireproof building: 90 elegantly
furnished rooms: all modern improvements; ele-
vator: single or en suite; 25c to SI 50 a day.
UKOI'B HOUSE, llt)J MISSION— NICELY
furnished rooms, sinide or en suite: translents.'
"1 Tvi A MISSION— 3 OR 4 SUNNY ROOMS
X O J.-J furuisbed or unfurnished, or will sell fur-
niture cheap.
__K^° MS TO LET-Contlnned.
Mason Street.
990 MASON-NICELY FURNISHED SUN-
~±.%J ny bay-window rooms: reasonable.
Minna nee .
fiR7 MIN " "A, COR. EIGHTH— NEWLY FUR-
uw I nlshed bay-window rooms; $1 a week. .
Oak Street.
1] Q OAK— A LARGE SUNNY BURNISHED
■i. ' fJ room for one or two persons: also hall
room: moderate.
74( OAK — ELEGANTLY FURNISHED SUN-
-- 1 ny alcove room for gentleman; private
family.
O'Farrel.l Street.
< Jfc9 r \ ROOM FOR $15, FIRST FLOOR. ELE-
*&"~* J vator, gas and electric light, slo reduction,
d.v inquiring at room 2, same floor, 20 O'Farrell st.
Polk Street.
1 7 £°, IjK — FRONT BAY-WINDOW ROOMS;
-«- « 810 and $12; aing.e and housekeeping.
Post Street.
907 P , ST-CLEAN, SUNNY ROMS; DOU-
s\J I ble and single; reasonable ;_see them.
f SO'3 POST- NICE -^ SUNNY. FURNISHED
V\r*J rooms^rent by week $2 upward.
01 7 POST- VKRY . LARGE, NICELY FUR*-
v ' • Ushea alcove room, gas, bath, lar?e closet,
grate; terms very reasonable; housekeeping.
2R33 *'" --: FRONT ROOMS; USE OF
-»°° kitchen; near Sutro cars.
Sacramento Street.
1 41 4 BA^RAMKNTO-PLEABANT SUNNY
-*- x -*• "nmlshed rooms; private family; for two
gentlemen or husband and wife; bath and running
water; convenient to cable cars.
San Carlos Avenue.
1 71 7 SAN CARLOS AYE., NEAR ElGH-
room- eh a* st ~ Sunny . burnished single front
Seventh. Street.
1 SEVENTH— NICELY FURNISHED SIN-
XOU ie rooms; $3 and $4 month.
Sixth Si reel.
TIG SIXTH (SARATOGA)— NEWLY FUR-
X.XKJ nisfaed single rooms, $160 to $6 a week.
1 9"i SIXTH-CHEAPEST in CITY; nicely
X-^-X. furnished double and single rooms.
Stevenson Street.
Stockton .Street.
1 ] 7 STOCKTON-TWO LIGHT HOUSEKEEP-
j:X 1 ing rooms, $12: single room. $5 or 86.
1 m 4 STOCKTON— UN NY FRONT ROOMS:
- 1 - tJ - L x single; en sulle; also doctor's office ; cheap.
Miner Mreet,
p;aa sutter. CORNER weII— SUNNY
*J\J\J front suite, furnished or unfurnished: other
rooms.
7 O(« SUTTER-3 SUNNY FRONT ROOMS;
I 4J\J private; gentlemen; reference if required.
Taylor Street.
11-: TAYLOR-LARGE HANDSOME SUITE,
X X V $20; also single rooms.
t\~\ (» TAYLOR — SUNNY PARLORS; GOOD
OXKJ home cooking; suitable for 2; $20 each.
Turk street.
994 TURK— FRONT AND BACK PARLORS
-j.£.:r furnished; with or without board.
RO4I TURK — LARGE SUNNY FRONT
- > ~'J4*room suitable for one or two-gentlemen.
Valencia street
1 AjOl VALENCIA— SUNNY SUITE, $16;
1 yfxO'i also single rooms cheap.
Van Ness Avouue.
710 VAN NESS— ELEGANTLY FURNISH'D
4 I front parlor, with kitchen, cheap; also sin-
gle rooms.
Miftcellnneous.
SM.V.L ROOM. WITH USE OF SITTING-
-0 room, only $3 a month. Apply by letter to G.
I). HCltDO.v, 514 Minna St. '
HOARDING AND ItOOMS.
ToToTm^"— 1 lTr!3e~~sun'ny room?
IQI-^ nicely furnished.
'FARRELL, BETrGOUGH AND LAOUNA—
2 newly furnished rooms, with or without first-
class board: new flat; references. Address a. S.
F., box 62, this office.
/^ OOD BOARD CAN BE OBTAINED IN PRI-
-" X vate family at desirable place In Berkeley. In-
quire at office.
L) OARD A N D ROOMS: PRIVATE FAMILY
i • In Alameda; nice home surrounded by a beau-
tiful garden; French cooking. Address J. B. S.,
Alameda Postofllcr.
1 t|AO WEBSTER— UNFURNISHED SUN-
XO\)O ny alcove room; furnished single room;
good board; private: German family; references. .
AHA LOTT. 2 BLOCKS FROM BAKER— SUnT
"V/ 1 ny rooms with board; private family. Q
OTKL BEKTLING. 714 iiUSH— A FAMILY
hotel: references given and required: all mod-
»r'i citivenli-neps •
CHILDREN hoarded.
U'ANT 1 : 1)-THK cXke" of TTJr T^hil^
«» dren: 1:00 I treatment guaranteed: healtl y lo-
cation; rtference given. For particulars address
box 958, San Rafael, Cat
"PARTIES DESIROUS OF SENDING THEIR
X children to the mountains with chaperon ad-
diess C. 8., box 95, Call. Best references.
\\r ANTED— I OR 2 CHILDREN TO BOARD;
'» good home. 1043^ Valencia st. '.<■,:..,
\\r ANTED— I OR •-' CHILDREN TO BOARD:
' * room for parent if desired. 123 Gcrmania st.,
near Fill more.
ADY WOULD LIKE A CHILD (OVER 3)
to board; mother's care.. 1042 Church st.
\ \ ' I DOW WANTS 2 CHILDREN TO BOARD";
*• furnished room lor parent. 1016 Jackson,
near Mason.
1 ADY WISHES 2 CHILDREN TO BOARD;
XJ kindest care given. 322 Seventh st.
f>9l PINK— INFANT OR CHILDREN TO
I.'— I board: *>■ -.1 of care: refined home.
. STORKS TO LET.
'TA^^OLTr^^ETuJA^ESSEIv STORE~TO
4 \JtJ let; tenant just moved out; rent $18; busi-
ness established;, rooms in rear: line chance for
somebody.
STORE— SUITABLE FOR ANY KIND OF
business. 77S Harrison at. _^
PART OF SHOP AND 2 ROOMsTcHEAP. 411
X Powell st.
ELEGANT STORE AND BASEMENT ON
Market St., opp. main entrance to City Hall;
rent reasonable. Apply stationery-store, 18 First.
l> A RBER-SHOP JUST VACANT AND »
X> rooms: rent cheap. 315 Point Lobos aye.
"L'OK RENT— JN MA "i I LI). SANTA CLARA
i C0.. Ca1., a brick store 30x60, including counters,
and shelving. Inquire C. PUCKER. Mayliel.l. *
OFFICES TO LKT.
STORE AND 3 ROOMS; RENT CHEAP. 328
Seven st.
( »'.>'_> MARKET, OPP. MASON— LOFTS OF
OttO various sires; new, modern building. In-
quire on premises.
/ ■ A 1.1 FORM I A SAFE DEPOSIT BUILDING—
\J Oflices $10 and upward, including janitor's ser-
vices, heat, electric and gas lights. Apply at room
622 to a. E. BUCKINGHAM.
OPKECKELS BUILDING. 927 MARKET—
1 J Elegant «nnnv offices. $12 50 up: electric-light;
heating and janitor service free. Apply at building
f>r».. H. IMHSKN A: CO.. 14 Montgomery st.
STAIJLES TO LET.
c a TTFinrixnTrfr^T^ifLEr^iTi^cT lt.
XJ fornla st. : rent cheap. Apply room 26, Chroni-
cle bulldlnif. ■
STORAGE.
"U 1 DKNITURE. PI AH OS, » TRUNKS? AD-
-*_vances, shipping. CHAS. L. TAYLOR.2O4 Post.
T AKGE AIRY .sTCRAGK-KOOAl; FIRE-
XJ proof building; cheap. 320 Sutler st. ■-
r r 11. ROUNEY. 722 MISSION— STORAGE AT
X -redi ced rates: basement storas!e,sl 50 per load
OTORAGE— CHEAPEST IN THE CITY; KIRE-
-0 proof building; advances made. 211 L.trkin.
1 OWES! 1 KATES— FURNITURE. PIANOS.
XJ household goods, etc. J. M. Tierce, 735 Market.
Al'.. SMITH FURNITURE CO., 132 ELLIS;
. low rates; fire-proof building; Eastern, plan.
A PPLY FOR RATES i-OK STOKING FURNI-
■ft- lure, pi... sin XXX A SHI XXX. 717 Market.
carpet cleaning.
p RKATTfAsTERN^TEAM ' cXrPEtXxEAN^
VJ" Ing Works. Tel. so. 576; 14 Bth st. B. Grant.
ONES CO CARPj-.r - CLEANING AND
renovating works. Main office 35 and 27 Bth.
pX"RpETS CLEANED, Sc A YARD; LAJD 3&
V Tel. Jessie 944. STRATTON, 19 Eighth st.
\UHES YOU BECOME DISGUSTED WITH
* ' poor worK »end to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Car-
pet Beating Works, 353-57 Tebama st. : tel. So. 40.
C~ ONKLIN'S CARPET KEATING WORKS. 33J
\J Golden Gate aye.: tefcphone east 126.
CUTY STEAM CAKPETCLEA NING.RENOVA-
' ting. 38 Bth. STEVENS, mcr. TeL south 250.
j JRE AT WESTERN STEAM CARPKT-BEAT-
"•» Inir works; latest Improved machinery; So yard.
G. GEOIUJE.otncB 11 hlgoth St.; phone Jessie 25:»
AKPKJ3 CLH.ANKD AND RENOVATED
like new. FERGUSON * CO.. 23 Tenth: UL
bouth an. p. mackintosh <tco., successor*
I . E. MITCHELL CARPET CLEAN ING CO.. 240
*> • 14th St.; cleaning 3c a yard. Tel. Mission 74.
J.M < -uTk CA RPET BEAT AND REN-
• ovating worka. 4fi:< Mpvi-nion: tel. south '-'2H.
_ BICYCLES.
DARK CYCLER Y— NE W~WHE ELS TO IJ3T;
X best • accommodations. Terminus . Geary, Me-
I Allister and Powell st. car lines.
•
, BUSINESS CHANCES.
TP, BBUi - your BUSINESS place OR
x lodging-house come see me, us I have customers
on hand. T. LUBELSKI, 7 City Hall avenue.
TF YOU WANT TO SKIZ~bR~BUY A UWI-
x ness quick see T. LUBELSKI, 7 City Hall aye.
OECOND-HAND FURNITURE WANTED TO»
f r', I ,J.? ountr - v orders; I will pay good prices. T.
LUBELSKI. 7 City Hall aye.
Q9OO, FIXE COFFEE- AND LUNCH
•j- vu * place: all in running order: the rent
only $10 a month; taking in $8 to $20 per day;
•y 0 ",.l vl " never get a chance like this again. T.
LLBELSKI, 7 City Hall aye.
<&»>( )()() 44 ROOMS elegantly fur-
. -"''". Dialled; location Al: paying well:
don t fail to Investigate this chance of a lifetime to
pet an elegant rooming-house. T. LUBELSKI. 7
City Hall aye. i
STATE AND COUNTY RIGHT FOR PATENT
U sewing-machine attachment: thousands can be
sold; Investigate this rare chance and see patent if
you want a money making business: for country
or city; investigate at once this rare, chance. T.
LUBKLSKI, 7 City Hall nve. •
] ( \f\ RESTAURANT: 6 TABLES; NICE
-' '"• range; livine rooms; cheap rent; paid
to June 1. T. LUBELSKI. 7 City Hall avenue.
t£{9~ A BAKERY: PORTABLE OVEN: FINE
♦-» — iJ\J. fixtures; srood locality: cheap rent: 4
living rooms, bath; best bargain offered this
month ; object for selling, sickness in family. T.
LUBELSKI, 7 City Hall aye.
Q!9()|]|) FINE GROCERY BUSINESS: 2
<g)'J\J\'\.>. horses and wagons; doing ,$75 per
day business: paying well; fine location: ouly
reason for selling;, going bark to Europe: investi-
gate this fine place. T. LUBELSKI, 7 City Hall
aye.
V) RANCH BAKERY, CONEECTIONERY AND
-U notions, with laundry office; fine location: op-
posit carhouse: rent cheap; good business; don't
fall to gee this rare chance. 7 City Hall aye.
PARTNER WANTED, WITH $700, TO TAKE
half Interest in the manufacture of a patent for
removing wagon tires without injuring the felloe;
or will trade for small ranch; Investigate and see
patent. T. LUBKLSKI, 7 City Hall aye.
© 9^AA~GROCER AND bar, doing
w— nJ\J\J, good business, cheap rent, fine corner
stand, elegant stock, will bear fullest investiga-
tion ; only object for selling, other business; see
this tine buy. T. LUBKLSKI, 7 City hall aye.
HAVE PURCHASERS FOR ALL KINDS OF
business places. T. LUBELSKI, 7 City Hall aye.
Ctl 1 !^n GROCERY AND BAR: FINE
*$)■*■ J-OV/. stock; elegant fixtures; doing good
business: in fine locality; will stand the fullest
Investigation, and the place Is actually worth twice
amount asked; see this elegant business at once:
cheap rent. T. LUBELSKI, 7 City Hall aye.
I 000 BARGAINS SEE LIST.
IVJKjyj Candy store for sale.... .....$ 400
Saloon, good, for sale 350
Grocery store for sale 40i>0
Meat market for s«le ; 350
Coffee saloon for sale 1000
Res: nil rant for sale 660
Coalyard forsale 275
Shoe store, country town, for sale
Apply to H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market, opp. 6th.
l(;9Xl| BAKERY AN DELICACIES STORE
O«JV/. furnished living rooms, worth $500;
positive bargain. LYNCH <fc SERRY, 935 Market.
ft 7^o WILL BUY CIGAR, STATIONERY
«jp I u\J and notion business: positively clearing
over $100 per month; building included; ground
rent small: . great bargain. BARRETT & SKIFF,
921 Market st.
C?99^ GOOD PAYING CORNER SALOON:
-i&O. a bargain. HEP ARTY, 1004 Market.
fi{ -j 7?: GOOD PAYING RESTAURANT AND
«JP • lU. bakery; good location. HEGARTY,
1004 Market st.
\|UST BE SOLD BY JUNE I— WELL-PA Y-
-*»1 liiir, long-esii'blished business; cheap rent;
ma«e offer. Apply 106 Turk st. .
TO COUNTRY HOTEL WITH BAR; 25
rooms: unfurnished. Address A. W.. box 87.
tills office.
mo LET - COUNTRY STORE IN SANTA
i. Clara County; no opposition. Address A. W.,
box 78, this office.
HOG RANCH FOR SALE— 36 HEAD HOGS,
some breeding sows, horse, wagon, swill route,
pood house, rent $9; lar«e lot; -outside city; all for
8/50. Apply 72434 .Nuiomast.
i-ry CHEAP -» NEW ENGLAND HOME
» bakery; good cliauce for right man. 1817
Powell s-.
«yA TO $100 INVESTED BY OUR METHOD
*-v/ of turf speculation yields weekly Income
of $25; book, ".Successful Turf Speculation,"
mailed free. MORRIS <& CO., 112 Dearborn st.,
Chicago.
T^OR SALE— AN old-established SHOK-
X store in interior city; will net $3000 a year
profit on small capital. Address Shoes, box 11,
Call Office.
\| ' H PAY PROFITS OUT FOR RENT
'» when you can get a good business and a home
on these terms: $600 cash, balance $10 a month,
interest 7 per cent? Perfect title to 7 acres fruit.
vegetable and strawberry land: 150 fruit trees,
well, force pump, tank and horsepower: con-,
horse, wagon. 170 laying hens, 26 pits and guro-
iige route for feed: 4-room house, furnl-hed: pr.ee
$-'JOO. Address Manager, box 172, Gilroy, Santa
Clara County, cal. . j
~\ l-$lO TO $20,000 WANTED IN AN EX-
-TV terprise producing ana manufacturing a
staple artir o of daily consumption having a steady
sale all over the Pacific Coast: Investment will
yield a handsome profit and at least 6 per cent,
payah monthly, wouUl be guaractet d if the in-
vestor cannot give his active services at a fair
compensation at one of the principal cities of the
coast. Address J. REIMEIt, 509 Montgomery st.,
San KranclS"o. . .
PLENDID OPPORTUNITY TO OPEN BAK-
ery and delicacy store In connection with moil-
ern apartment l.ouse; trade from building alone
should pay all expenses: speaking tubes through- |
out the house; rent very low to desirable party; ;
owner will take pi«rt rent In trade. Apply J6
O'Farrell su, room 16.
HANC!'. FOR FIRST-CLASS SHOEMAKER
\J In good country town. Call or address 1). Ho
ORAUUH, Rio Vista, Cal.
DO YOU WANT A CHANCE TO MAKE
money? First-class saloon: must be sold.
Address Chance, box 135, Call office.
RESTAUHANT AND LIVING - ROOMS .
it everything complete; no reasonable offer re-
fused. 210Townsend sU
\\r ANTED— BitANCH BAKERY. CIGARS
'* and tobacco, etc.; must be cheap anu low
rent: no agents. Address N. N., box 4. Call Office.
1/>OR SALE— BRANCH BAKERY AND LUNCH
r house: good location: everything complete.with
furniture of -j. rooms: must sell; price $60. Inquire
Palace Bakery, 1523 Mission st.
ARGAIN — OLD-ESTABLISHED CIGAR,
candy and notion store, opposite university
gate, Berkeley junction; Telegraph-aye. electric- '
road: cars stop in front of store. Apply premises.
p ROCERY AND BAR; TRANSFER CORNER.
VJ NX. cor. Tiv nty -sixth and Mission: no agents.
Apply this office. ■ •
<8t 1 F^A PARTNER wante D— S T AD V
Ko> L«J". man; No. 1 cash business: $65 month! v
each: can be Increased: capital required, $150.
JOHNSTON, 26',a Kearny st.
AKERS -ATTENTION— A RARE CHANCE
it for a first-class bakery in a growing neighbor-
hood with all utensils complete; rent reasonable.
Inquire 1602 Webster si.. Alameda.
LM)R SALE OR RENT OR EXCHANGE tfOR
X other good property— A factory at West
Berkeley containing SO-horsepower boiler and 15-
-horse-power enclne, newly erected and hut little
used- plenty of sHaftin-,-. belting and. pulleys;
main building is 28x57 feet: there Is also an
annex to it: water-tank and never-failing well and
pump: situate upon a corner lot 98x100 feet: lo-
cated convenient to railroad depot and to wnarf
with ferry service to San Francisco; freights very
low; abundance of cheap labor to be had in imme-
diate neighborhood; suitable for manufacturing
business. Address T. W., P. O. box 811, Berkeley,
U' ILL GIVE UP MY 2 GOOD-PAYING RE?
»» taurants Monday. May 18. as I am eotos; :o
take possession of my new hotel in Fruit vale: will be
sold cheap: half cash: balance taken out in board
Particulars 614 clay st.
<ev>7"; COAL AND WOOD YARD; GOOD
<iP«J I %J. business: must sell at once; encine and
boiler worth the money; trial given. Call 810 Sixth.
T7IOR SALE — NEAR OAKLAND: HOISK
I wagon, harness; 9 dozen chicken-?, 100 small
ciilck.-iis; growing crop; fruit of 15 acres- all
$250 cash. C. A. AN'l HON V, 1-Tultval.:, Cat.
s: 7 ( \i\ fok"salk this week ; HOTELOF
«4P I \J\J. 22 rooms: saloon and larwe dance ball;
can be made the finest roadhouse in the country'
Address A. 8.. box 160. (.all office, >-"-7-*
T?OR SALE— BRANCH BA KERY, NOTIONS
I I clears, laundry; 4 rooms. 842 Railroad aye'
Al&meda. . __• .'.
yiAN WITH $5000 to $10,000 CAN INVEST
am it to earn 100 per cent easily. Business, box
61, ( nil. ■ ■ „ . .
( 'E.NTLEMAN PARTNER WANTED BY
\i lady of means, with $33 capital. 12 Mason
SC.f Till. 12* •
pENTRAL HOTEL IN SAN RAFAEL;
v.- lease, good will, stock And fixtures for sale at a
bargain. Apply at hotel. 1
AT A REASONABLE PRICE: A GOOD- PA Y-
ing cyclery; well situated and stocked with 21
high-grade bicycles in No. 1 condition. Address
A. P., box 118. Call Office.
UORSESHOE BUSINESS, stock AND
II tools cheap. Inquire Call Branch, Sixteenth
and Mission sts.
PARTNER FOR BEEK-BOTTLINO BUSI-
X ness. Call Bto 10 o'clock Sunday. 712 14th st.
p ROCERY, WITH FINE L"IVING-ROOMS ;
VJ rent $11 50. Apply this office.
ALBANY CASINO SALOON, 133 FOURTH
-TV Mi cor. Everett st., for sale.
U>OR SALE — STATIONERY^ BOOK AND
1 news store. Apply 3»1 Bush st.
RUG-STORE; 81600: OPENING FOR REGU-
Iar physician. Address M. W. 8.. box 30, Call.
Any stock of merchandise" BOUGHT
for cash ; city or country. M., box 2, Call.
I-OK SALE-CHEAP; THE BEST ADAPTED
J butcher shop in the city; other business cause
of selling: no agents. Geary and Hyde st.
UST BK SOLD AT ONCE-VKRY CHEAP
dairy produce delicacies business: best loca-
tion; fine trade. Inquire 1404 Polk st.
GROCERY AND BAR; . LONG-ESTABLISH-
Vj ed; doing good business; death cause of sale.
Apply this otlice. .> ■ ■
*% 1 AA ; FHUITSTORE; BEST LOCATION IN
*<pIU\J. the city. for. the right man. Apply 16
City Hall Bauara. , 7f. .
BUSINESS CHAN Continued.
CU7AA Al PAYING CORNER SALOON:
»lr I \J\f. don't miss this. MEEKS <ft CO., 865%
Market st. . . .
©97X RESTAURANT; GOOD LOCATION;
«3p.£ •O. sp endid trade: receipts $25 daily.
MEEKS <fc (.p., 865y Market st. - ■■£■>:■■-::
J>t>AA PRODUCE AND DELICACY STORE;
(F OvU. cash trade: good place for man and
wife. MEEKS & CO. 865 v 2 Market st.
Cj I AAA NEW AND SECOND-HAND
tPIUvU. store: a chance rarely offered; see
this at once. MEEKS & CO., 86.*>i 2 Market st.
\V ANTED— 3 I » A^ S' NOTICE TO SELL YOUR
>• business; to buy a business ■ come at once.
LYNI H & SERRY, 935 Market st. ' ' < -.':
fl>l n^(\ r.LACKsairi'iiiNG and H ■•rse-
ia>-L\JtJ\-'. shoeing business-, clearing $125 a
month; corner . lot; shop, tools, slock : bargain;
going fast. Owner, box 5, Call office, Oakland.
L/OR .-.ALfc— .PINh BILLIARD BUSIVKSS":
-T 7 tables: «lso cigar-stand; location central. For
further cartlcuiars apply to CHARLES P.
KKRNS, Berkeley. ■
FOX SALE — -TELESCOPE HOTEL. SAN
-T Jose, broad-gauge depot. E. K. SIMI SON, prop.
ELICACIES STORE; WELL STOCK
good location. Apply 836 Valencia St., Rutz's
bakery.
1 IJIAMBKA MINERAL SPRINGS TO
-i"v rent, cheap— lo9 acres of land: 17 rooms, un-
furnished; bains; beautiful location; 5 miles from
Martinez. D. J. WEST, Martinez, Cal.
"T""OR SALE— ONE OF THE BEST DRUG-
I ores in town; half or whole. Address Drugs,
box 4, this office. ■ -
01 BEAT BARGAIN: MUST BE SOLD A.SOWN-
VT er is going north; branch bakery, notions, can-
dy, milk, butter, eggs, etc.: fine place for icecream
or rotfte-par:or; sunny living-rooms. Apply 110
Sixth St., upstairs. -
TJESTAURANT AND OYSTKR-HOUSE FOR
XV gale cheap; account of sickness. 107 Sixth st.
/CARRIAGE AND WAGON SHOP; GOOD
\J business; 17 years same block. Apply this office.
OR RENT. UNFURNISHED— -GRAN-
ite House," Folsom, Cal., a 2-story frame hotel,
containing parlor, dining-room, barroom, kitchen
and 22 bedrooms: in cood repair and tine location;
a splendid opportunity for any person desirous of
going into the hotel business: extra inducements
offered. Address LOUIS KLUMPP. Folsom, Cal.
pHANCE FOR WOODWORKER fTO ENTER
\J business; small capital. O. H-, box 75, Call.
rpo HORSESHOERS— THE BEST HORSE-
JL shoeing business In San Francisco for sale. Ap-
ply to F. BKUsE, 1061 Golden Gate aye.
.UTCUER-SHOP TO LET,, WITH OR WITH-
> • out fixtures; cheap. 18'J6 Howard st.
Kirs TING PLANT: RARE OPPORTUNITY
for beginner with cash capital: complete out-
fit-, must sell at once. Address Printer, box 73,
Cal! Otlice. .
1. OR SALE— THE MUSICAL SHOOTING GAL-
-1 lery located 1187 Market St. (Central Park),
consisting of musical and automatic targets, air-
guns, rifles, etc. : all complete; will be sold at a
bargain.
OR SALE-GROCERY AND BAR, $300;
cheap. 721 Polk st.
OR SALE— 2 GOOD EVENING ROUTES.
Ipoß sale— 2 good evening routes.
Call at 623 Sacramento St., 11 to 12 a m.
pOOD PAYING CYCLERY; GOOD WHEELS;
VJ best location. W. CKANE, 324 Post st.
SALOON FOR SALE OR TRADE: CITY
ij front; on account of sickness; line business.
Room 88, Chronicle building.
REAT BARGAIN; ONE OF BEST RES-
vJ tauranu in city; daily from $15 to $20. Apply
Call Office. ,
4 vVEuiK'S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS— THK
WEEKLY CALL. In wrapper, for mailing.
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
8 ROOMS; FINE FLAT; NK wTrr7Tr]7r?~i»7oO
15 rooms; fine corner ] 50
10-room house, worth $1000; price 400
40 rooms: fine for transient. 700
■JO rooms on Fourth st., only 600
Ibroomsou Taylor st ." 750
45 rooms on Market st . . 350
H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market St., opposite Fifth.
TAJ HOWARD, COR. THIRD -■- CORNER
•"1 lodging-house; 32 rooms; well furnished:
good opportunity: owner called • East. Apply
DECKER, 1020 Market St., or 704 Howard st.
IF YOU WANT TO BUY OR SELL A LODG-
X ing-house. See T. LUBELSKI, 7clty Hall aye.
T ODG ING-HOUSE; 11 ROOMS: CHEAP
Xi rent: clrars B*o per month: will be so.d at a
sacrifice on account of othr business: see in s at
once. 1019 .Market street, in rear, above Sixth.
H~Ol SE, 6 NICELY FURNISHED ROOMS;
cheap 620 Larkin st.
I O NICELY FURNISHED ROOMS: ALWAYS
xO rented; cheap on account of departure. 628
Pine st.
IUKMTUISE . fok SALE.
r [^K2irfvv^^£¥v^A(pfTvE^M : v : ri geT"6
£ roon.s; central; near Market; 3 rooms rented.
Call Office.
L' <1 K SALE— PARLOR BET, HATRACK,
crockery and linen table-cloths. 2205^ Ma«on.
TJ^URNITURE OF A FLAT OF 4 ROOMS AND
X bath. Apply 37y a Perry st.
1 AROE MIKKOK, FINE DKSK: ALSO
XJ Singer Tavlor machine. 7 City Hall aye.
AT L. J. NEUMANN'S. 117 SIXTH, FOR
J~\ lowest prices on household cools, new or good
as new; cash or time: open evenings.
T7IJKE SALE ! ~
IP Prices stand till goods are completely dl*.
I'rices stand till goods are completely dLt-
posed of.
oak bed sets ........fIS 51
Bed lounges 8 00
Stoves  750
Carpets, peryard „ 55
Linoleum, per yard 55
Matting, peryard 10
Till our new building Is erected these prices will
Ftana. Till such time we are conducting busiDesi
iv BK. corner Seventh and Mission sts. i.
NOON AN.
U. KRASKY FURNITURE AND BiiD-
. ding; new folding-beds, $9 and up: step-lad-
ders, 20c per step; furniture exchged. 77 3 Misa:o 1.
Ai\C\ CARPETS; CHAMBER BETS, $14;
T:W/ stoves. $5: parlor sets, $20: folding-bed*
$10; bed- ounges. $7. T. D. MCCARTHY 113 4th.
I ROOMS FURNITURE. NEW $7j
"i ounces trimmed with plash.... .'ss
Brussels Carpet, laid ....45c up
Knclish Linoleum, laid 400 up
Window shades in s colors.. ... 230 up
SHIRKK & SHIREK. 747 Market su. "opposite
Cram avenue: no branch stores.
riHEAPEST AND BEST IN AMERICA—
\J WEEKLY CALL, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for $1 50, post-
ftg free. .. : .■^- ■ ,
: •; -CLAIRVOYANTS.
X\TH^N^iX7]iTH J E r RirF^TL^TO~ '
*» ASSIST --.:.
OR convince YOU after YOU HAVE
SPENT ENOUGH MONEY EXPERIMENT-
ING, THEN CALL AND CONSULT
THE ACKNOWLEDGED PRINCE OF
CLAIRVOYANTS.
PROF. M. L. CARNELLE,
BUSINESS MEDIUM,
(LATE OF THE EAST).
SEEING IS BELIEVING. •
He gives
1 Correct Advice
' On Business,
Love, Marriage, Speculation, Changes, Losses. Di-
vorce, Missing Friends, Separations, Sickness,
Wills, Pensions, etc.; unites those separated,
causes a speedy and happy marriage with the one
you love, causes good luck in all things by proper
advice.
HE CHALLENGES THE WORLD.
It Is well known throughout the world that
PROF. M. L. CARXELLE
Is one of Nature's reliable mediums ana positively
no impos tlon. He reveals everything you wish to
know concerning the future. Those looking for
truth consult Prof. Carnelle and you will leave his
presence thoroughly satisfied that he has given
yon advice that will ultimately lead you to suc-
cess and happiness. Those who have been de-
ceived by so-called clairvoyants before giving up
In despair all on PPOK. >i. L. CARNELLE, 220
Eddy st. Letters with stamp answered. Hours
9 to 9 daily and Sundays.
EfTc-rsII -50 cis — 50 CTS.
«JU MMX. STEWART, -«,-.'■
MOST MARVELOUS OF MEDIUMS.
While common fortune-tellers and undeveloped
mediums inflict themselves upon the people, the
only woman, who by birth has had marvelous
powers transmitted to her through the advent of
adouole veil.
This and this alone Js nature's insignia of second
sight; and it stamps its possessor with the occult
power, and enables her to see the future of others
spread out panorama-like before them.
A! ME. STEWART c.in cive you an accurate
description of your lost relatives and permanently
locae them for you.
She irives you advice upon the most intricate
and delicate subjects, business investments, min-
ing speculations aud winning numbers in the lot-
tery.
Remember, MME. STEWART'S long residence
and, established reputation testify volumes in her
behalf. The only authentic seventh daughter of
the seventh daughter on iho western half of the
American continent.
Ladies and gents, 50 cents. Panors 3 and 4,
917 Market st. '
AN EXTRAORDINARY DUO OF SPIRIT
£\- UALISTIC EXCELLENCE!
THE CONSUMMATION OF EVERY HIDDEN
•" TRUTH!
PROFESSOR AND MME. HALE, PARLORS,
- ; - 315 ELLIS STREET.
Without trnmi.ets to herald their approach,
these eminent occult scientists are prepared to
unravel the bidden mysteries of life. Your oast,
present and future is to them an open book, and
your confidence will be treated with sanctity: let
none mislead you. PROFESSOR AND MMX.
HALE are pre-eminent.
TM ME. O. SHONE. 136 SIXTH ST.: WONDER-
-l»A fill Clairvoyant; can tell tie recovery of any-
thlng lost or stolen and ail affairs through life.
ME. PORTER. WONDERFUL CLAIRVOY-
ant, curd- reader, born wi.h a douole veil and
second sight; ladles ; o<\ gents $1; palmistry and
clairvoyant sittings 81 50. 126 Turk st., nr. Jones.
A I ME. LEUETTE; I'KKSi oTi'TpAST AND FU-
xix ture. 25c .311 Tehama, upstairs, near Fourth.
ISSMELVINA, CLAIRVOYANT: PICTURE
xi l of future husband or wife. 766 Howard st.
ME MOREAU, BEST MEDIUM: REVEALS
past, present, fnture; 25c up. ,764 Howard st.
VI ME. ARNDT,~BKST FORTUNE TELLER IN
AM. the world: 60c nnd $1, shows you the plctureof
your future husband or wife. 4 Twelfth, cor.Market
•
CLAIKVOYANTS-Continued.
A AAAAAAAAAAAAA
PROFS. EUGENE AND VAN DBVERE
1728 MARKET STREET.
THE WONDERS OK THE CENTURY
50c AND $1. 50c AND $1.
The mosi remarkable Clairvoyants in the West-
Have consolidated in order to better handle their
tremendous business.
Meritorious am! conscientious work speaks .or
itself. They are indorsed by thousands of mends
and patrons all over this broad land.
They are th»; only ' mediums in the world who
perform all the wonders they advertise. Their
works are considered y all to be truly miraculous.
No mutter uii,-i.,r you are prince or pauper,
whether your life is ail sunshine or all shadow,
whether you are living in squalor or are sur-
rounded by princely magnificence, they desire to
help you. If you are unsuccessful or unfortunate
they "will cause you to succeed. If you are success-
ful ami fortunate In most ways they will help you
to attain creator success. How well we all Know
that whatever onr conditions or surroundings may
be there always remains some unsatisfied desire.
Therefore secure their wonderful services.
"For the cause that need? assistance, \ - ...
! . For the wrings that ne<d resistance.
For the future In the distance,
- And the cood that they can do."
No one is better suited to the position of coun-
selor and friend than they who know the future
as thoroughly as most men do the affairs of yester-
day.
they give advice on all matters of interest to
the human race— business. Investments, insur-
ance, love, co rtship, marriage and divorce, set-
tle lovers' quarrels, reunite the separated and
cause a speedy and happy marriage with the one
of your choice. They have been unusually suc-
cessful In locating mines and buried treasures,
finding lost deeds and mortgages. They are in
constant communication with the brightest mining
operators in the Transvaal, Cripple Creek and
local parties on the mother lode. Mmmc m»n. in-
vestigate! 'i ou may find a wonderful ore deposit
by drifting through a few fe« t of barren ground.
The X ray Is a wonderful discovery in a material
wr.y, l.ut how much greater is spiritual vision, that
fathoms all things, however remote ? The profes-
sors, being possessed of this wonderful power, can
tell at a glance not only the secrets of your life,
but of your friends' and enemies'; what their feel-
ings are toward you,, whether your love*
is true or false, whether your - partner
or business associates are all that they should be.
If you are constantly pursued by ill luck and dis-
appointments In all your undertakings, be It love.
matrimony or business, there is a cause for it, and
you- should lose no time in consulting them, as
they will surely start you aright- The professors
destroy evil Influences as if by magic and In one-
half the time required by the best of the other
mediums. Many successful business- men in the
city owe their present success to the wise advice of
these eminent men. They do not care to refer you
to work* they have performed in distant lands, but
will refer you to the people of San i rant ibco and
vicinity, who well know their north. No doubt
your successful neighbor has consulted them. i»
may be that your business rival is at present work-
ing under their directions. Do likewise if you
would care to be successful.
Remember that the professors are charging bnl
a trifle for a consultation.
60c and $I— 6oc and $I— 6oc and $I— soc and 91.
Unheard-of prices when you consider that they
are the leaders of their profession, and are not
only great mediums, but gentlemen of standing,
whom none need fear to consult. Therefore, do
not throw your money away by consulting un-
known clairvoyants or partially developed me-
diums when this great chance is offered you.
■ While not post. as great physicians, they have
effected some strange and wonderful cures. Dis-
eases ttiat have long baffled the skill of the. great-
est specialists yield readily to their treatment.
Quite frequently they have cured cases of chronic
I rbeur.ia'ism and kindred diseases by merely
touching- the affected parts. Not only do they
cure diseases, but all forms of bad habits. If you
are devoid of magnetism and cannot attract or in-
fluence those whom you love, procure one of their
magnetic belts. It will work wonders. It is rec-
ommended by hundreds who are now using them.
Remember, the professors are permanently lo-
cated in San Francisco. They are here 10 stay.
One glance at their crowded parlors will tell you
the reason why. All are invited to call. Kemem-
ber, they perform all the wonders they advertise.
Office and residence, 1728 Market st. Hours, 10
a. if. to 8 p.m.; Sundays, 2 to 6p.m. Letters
containing stamp- answered. - -
50c AND $L 50c AND $1.
PRuFS. KUGENE AND VAN DE VKRE,
1728 Market street.
ME. STKWAUi ; tiKEATESi' CARD READ-
erand clairvoyant In world; seventh daughter;
read cards since 11 years of age; mining, lawsuits
marriage; ladies or gents 50c. 917 Market, 3 and 4.
ME. SYBILLE FROM CRADLE TO
the grave: fee Mb cents. 914 O'Farrell at.
KTLKNKH, WORLD-RENOWNED MME.
XX SCHMIDT, from the principal cities: tells past,
present and future; prices moderate. 856 Mission.
MX. RAVEN A READS LIFE FLUENTLY;
' tips on races; names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth.
GYPSY LIl-E-RKADER; LADIES, 25c:
gents, 50c; readings daily except Sun. 5 7th.
VI ME. DR. THOMAS. SCIENTIFIC REVEAL-
-I*l er by eggs and cards; telU entire life, past,
present, future; consultations on all affairs; noth-
ing exceptetf, names Riven; good advice: sure
help: restores lost love by sympathy; mistake im-
posslbie: 1-e if 1 : letter ; J. 9--'9'l'oit'at.. nr. Larkin.
SPIKIXUALISM.
MRS. KATE HOSKINS, TRANCE MEDIUM;
I*l sittings $1: circles Tuesday night 25c. 138
Oak st. . ......
r OCR PAST, PRESENT AND FUTURE AT A
JL glance (ladies only): 25c. 230 Clara, nr. Fifth.
pLAIRVOY ANT-LADIES ONLY; 25c. *T
\J Minna St.: basement.
MRS. J. J. WHITNF/V, CLAIRVOYANT
trance medium:- sittings $1. 218 Stockton st.
ATTOK> AT -LAW.
A DVICE FREE^DTv7)R^^lXws~A^sp^Cl^
xl. alty; private: do charge unless successful; all
lawsuits, claims, collections, wills, deeds etc.. at-
tended to. G. W. UuWK, att'y-at-law. 850 Marlceu
LE. PHILLIPS— U.S. AND STATE COURTS-"
. R. E. titles and wills; money to loan on es-
tatea: charges moderate. offices 508 California st,
\? J. NOLEN, ATTOKNEY-AT-LaW. 719
iTA. Market st. ; advice free.
rp J. MURRAY, ATT'Y AND COUNSELOR AT
X . law: advice free. 24 Sixth si., rooms 14, 16.
\\T •W. DA ATTORNEY- A l-LAW, 420
'» . California st.. rooms 14 and 15; advice frea.
LATJES JL SUIFPING LNTKLLIIiK.\UK.
• Domestic Ports.
EUREKA— SaiIed May 18-Schr John A, for
San Francisco.
MENDOCINO— Sailed May 16— Scar Nettie
Sundbersr, for San Francisco.
PORT LEV -Sailed May 16-Sohr OB
Holmes, for San Pedro.
UoTeinont* of Trail*. Atlantle ttesmsri,
NEW YORK— Arrived May 16— Stmr Venetia
from Stettin: s.mr Burgundla, from Naples. Rel
ported arrival early this morning of stmr Prussia
was erroneous.
Sailed May 16— S'mr La Touralne, for Havre*
stmr Spaarndam, for Rotterdam; stmr Patria, for
Hamburg: stmr Etrurla, for Liverpool; stmr
Saale, for Bremen; stmr Mississippi, for London*
stnir Kaiser Wilhelm 11, for Naples; stmr Fumes'
sin. for Glasgow.
HAMBURG- Arrived out May 15— Stmr Co-
lumbia.
DEPTFORD— Arrived out May Stmr Zaan-
dam.
SOUTHAMPTON— SaiIed May 16-Stmr • New
York, for New York. ;>s.
HAVRE— Sailed May 16— Stmr La Bretaene for
New York.
GLASGOW— sailed May 16-Stmr State of N©.
brasKa, for New York.
LlZARD— Passed May 16— Stmr La Botircoene.
from Now York for Havre.
ISLE OF WIGHT - Passed May 16-atmr
Brenierhaven, from Antwerp tor New York. ■
SClLLV— Passed May 16— Stmr Southward, frm
New York for Antwerp.
DUNGEN ESS— Passed May 16— Stmr Stuttgart,
from Bremen, for New Yors.
.DIVUKVK PROCEEDINGS.
Complaint filed: '.;*■ '--.
Amelia Rodgers against James L. Rodgers.
biiU'ito— iUAKlilAii^— iiMi
[Birth, marriage and death notices sent by m%Il
will not be inserted. They must be handed in at
either of the publication oilicos and bo indorsed
! with the name and residence of person* authorised
to uuve iiio sunitj published.]
BOBS.
BOODT— In Alameda, May 11, 1396, to the wife ot
Jacob Boodt, a sou.
CLAYTON — In his city, April 3, 1896, to Ihe
wife of Ernest Clayton, a sun.
FENNEMA — In "Elm hurst, May 4, 1896, to th«
wife of Charles Fen ma. a son.
GEIB— In this city. May 4, 1596, to the wife ot
Ed H. Ueib, a son.
HAN JES— In this city. May 15, 1896, to the wife
of E. 1L Hanjeti, a daughter.
IRWIN — In this city, May 3,1896, to the wife of
■ Henry Irwin, a son.'
LUTTKIN'iKR- In this city. May 8, 1896, to the
wife of U. J. Luttringer, a daughter.
McGONIGLE— In this city. May 11,1896, to the
wife of Hugh McGonigle.'ason.
MANSINI— In this city, May 9, 1893, to the wlf«
of '•■ Matjsini, a so a.
MARTIN— In this city, May 14, 1896, to the wife
of T. P. Martin, a daughter.
BOGKRS-In this city. May 9, 1893, to the wife of
Joseph Rogers, a daughter.
SCHULZ— In this city, April 21. l*-96, to the wife
of A. F. Scnulz, a daughter.
SMITH— In this etty. May 12, 1896, to the wife of
William Smith, a son.
TURNER-In this city. May 1, 1896, to the wife of
W. J. Turner, a daughter.
wo £ 7, In this cily, May 6 « 1896, to the wife
of Robert M. oolley, a son.
MARRIISD.
BROWN— DALLAM-In this city, May 12. 1898,
by the Rev. Rooett Mackenzie, D.D., Will C.
Brown of Santa Kosa and Annie Bell Da:lam of
San Francisco. ; . .
CASSIDY-O'KEILLY-In this city. May 2, 1898.
. at St. Roses-C hurch, by the Rev. D. Nugent,
- Andrew Cassidy and Kate O'Reilly. .
HOFMANN— BOHN— In Oakland, May 14. 1896.
by the Rev. J. H. Tbelss. Frank A'lb-.-rt Hofi
mann and Catherine Bohn.
ZUST-BAUMANN-ln Oakland, May 9, 18»by the Rev. J. H. Theiss, Emll Zust and He!ene
Hanmnnn.
OIKIJ.
An;elo. .\n*ic> K<''len"r. John W
A twoo.l. Dr. Isaac Larson. Clara C.
lieach. '■' ""-•■ H. Len^feldt. Mrs. p
Bernard. Michasl D. Mc.\tiihon, Mat hias
Davis, 1 v -' Meyers. Rebecca C.
I erha-ii, 1 hen-sa Mono Joseph
Diumer, 1-riedericke Bin 1 r. Dora \.
Donovan, Nellie Reavis. David 'M.
Duney. Kugpno Reber. Elizabeth M.
i-anhitz. Uiliiam Kodenberg. Henry
(,endo .ti.Mar^UHrlte A. Room ex. Kmllie
t.il>so:i, Marvin P. Russell. II rman
Grim -v. Mary Shan-. Clinton
Harrl ig:on, Timothy Sullivan, ' Mary
■Harris, Ben Weiss, Isln? '
HurlOert, Gustavus G. Whiting, Hannah
Wise. Sarah A.
AXGEIO- In the City and County Hospital, May
16, iv) 1. Anple Angel O, a«ed 15 years.
A I WOOD— In uaJcland. May 14, i 898, Dr. Isaac
At wood, husband of Mrs. i^riema At wood, and
father of Mrs. Clara Kent of Ca.upbells Station,
it native of Massachusetts, aged 83 years and 8
months.
BEACH— Near st. Helena, Cal.. May 16, L3SB
George H. Beach, a native of New London,
Conn., aged 74 years and 7 months.
BKKN Mil)— In this city. May 15. 1898, Michael
D., beloved busbai I of .Maisfaret Bernard, father
of M. !>.. Flora ■... .1. c., J. K. Bernard and Mrs.
I>. Murray, a native St. Thomas. Quebec, a-ed
75 ynurs and 8 days.
43~Fri«»niU and acquaintances nr.» r<M-if»<«.
fuily invited to attend the. iuneral TO-MORROW
(Monday), at 8:80 o'clock a.m., from bis late
rt-sidenee. . J_"i Hampshire street, thence to Bl
Peter's Church, Twenty-fourth and Alabama
streets, where a requiem blgh mas* will
be celebrated (or the repose of his soal, co.n-
mencin< at 9 o'clocu: a. 11. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
DAVIS— In this city, Hay 14, 1896, Eva, beloved
dn-.ißhter of Isidor and £sther i':ivis. and sister
of IxmU, lieali-y, Alfred and Aaron Davis. .Mrs.
sol Jacob*, Mrs. Dave Levy and Florence Davis
v na-i ye ot San Francisco, aged 20 years
ttSTThe funeral will take place THIS D\Y
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock. p. m.. trom the resi-
dence of her Dareuts. 1506 Paciiic avenue
thence to Hills of Eternity Cemetery by carriages'
DKKUAM-In this city. May 16. 1896, at her
residence, 2034 Pine street, Theresa, wife of the
late Birthoiomew Durham, a native of Ireland
asei 61 yearn. ,
$3"The itineral will take place TO-MORROW
(Monday).' from St. Mary's Cathedral, Van Ness
avenue, where a solemn requiem mass will be
celebrated for the pose of her soul, comment
ins at 9 o'clock a. m. Interment urivate omit
flowers.
DITTMER-In this city, May if,, 1596. Frieder-
lcke. beloved wife of FrieJerich Dittmer. a na-
tive ot Br^mpn, Germany, ag d '« years 10
months and 28 days, [New York and Philadel-
phia papers ease copy.]
Car-lriends and acquaint are ' respect-
fully invite.! lo attend the funeral THIS 11 VY
(Suu.'.ay). :.: '-• " lock v. \i.. from her lato resi-
dence. UK Fourteenth street, near Howard.
Iniernieiit 1. O. O. F. Cemetery,
DONOVAN- In the City and County Hospital,
May lt>. 189'j, Nellie Donovan, aged 35 years.
DUFFBY— In this city. May 15, 1898, Ku?ene
boiov.-d fa berol George F., E. J. and C. K.
Duffey, a native of Ireland, a*ed 89 yean.
jjirluterment private. Omit Bowers.
BATZ— In this city. May 15. 1H93, William
uaubatz beloved husband of Fried* Gaubati
r.nd fatnerof Charles (Jan bats, an ' brother of
■lr<. Herman Toepfer and Charles ttaabats and
er-in-lawof Mrs. George Gaubatz, i native
• I»»rinstadt, Germany, asei 26" years 9 months
and "_'S days.
#*"Frieuds ana acquaint ar* respect-
fnlly invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(^•jnday), at 2 o'clock p. m.. from .San Francisco
1 lrn Ha.i, 323 Turk street. mains at the par-
Mrs of Gantner >fc Guntz, 8 and 10 City Hall
square. Intermeu:. Cypresi Lawn Cemetery by
ric-car from Thirtieth stree: and San Jose
avenue.
UENDOTTI— In this city. May is. 1896. Marcufr-
Jte A., beloved daughter of Clement and Santina
••endotti. and sister of Clementine, Theresa and
I/"u:s liendottt, a native of Paris, France, a id
l'J years 7 months and 9 days.
43"Fnen<i3 ana aeqaaintancei are respes--
fully invited to attend the funeral Tills D VY
(Sunday); at 10:30 o'clock a. m.. from the resi-
lience of her parents, 449 ivy avenue, corner Oc-
lavia street, thence to Sacred Heart Ciurch.
Fillmore street, between fell an I Oak, where a
solemn requiem mass will be celebrated for the
repnso of her soul, commencing at li o'clock a.m.
rment Holy Cro-s Cemetery.
GIBSON— In Santa 1.1 m, .May 15. 1896, Marvin
P. Gibso:i. beloved husband of Dora T. Gibson,
lather of Dolores, and : rather of Ralph H. Gib-
son, Lged SL' years and -4 months.
Friends are respectfully invited to a'tenl
the nineralTu-MOni:ow. (Monday), at 1 o'clock
p. m.. iro:n his lale residence in" Santa e;ara.
Friend < from -an Francisco take 10:40 o'clock
a. m. train, Third and Toivnsend streets.
GRIMLKY— this city. May 15, 1898, Mary.
beloved wite of Francis Qrlmley, an! mother of
Mamie and Frankie Grimley, a native oj nan.
Francisco, nsed 42 years.
KiT Friends an! acquaintance? are re3n»c"--
fully Invited to attend tne funeral THIS DAY
(Sunday), at S:is O'clock a. M.. from her late
reaidunce. 915 Broadway. Uience to st. Francis
Church; whore a solemn requiem mas, will be
celebrated for the repose of her soul, commenc-
ing at 8:45 o'clock a. at. Interment lioly
Crois Cem.'terr.
HARRIHGTON— In this city. May 16. IH9?
Timoihy Harrincton, beiovu i brother of Mrs >
Thomas Matin ni of >a:i I ruticisco ar.d yr<
Christopher Kn...- of Ouiclaud, a native of Ire-
lan n\s<:i 3S years.
Iff Remains at the parlors of J. C. O'Connor
Co., 767 Mission street.
HARRIS— In this city. May 16. 189 ; Ben, beloved
son of Pincus and Lena Harris, and brother of
Harry. Isador, Ray and Rosie Harris, a native of
San Francisco, aged 17 year* and 5 months.
HURLBEBT— In this city, May 15. :•" :. Gus-
tavus <;., beloved husband of Friederlcka t
Hnrlbert, and father of Mrs. McGi:vcry, Lvdii
F., Wiliiam ('.. Lottie M. anl Sophia K. Hiirl-
bert.a native of Nautucket, Mass., aged :><i years
- mouths aud 15 days, | Nantucket papers please
copy. .:
«S"The funeral wnl take place THIS DAY
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock p. m.. from 1. O. O. F.
Hall, Seventh and Market streets. Incermeat
I. O. O. F. GemeMrr.
KELLEHKR-In this city. May 16. 1895, John
W.. beloved son of Timothy and Rose KelMn-r,
and brother of Thomas. Katie ani Agnes Ke::e-
her, Mrs. E. Daanai and the late Jeremiah Keile-
her, a native of san Francisco, aged 27 years ?
months and 7 days.
JKB~Frlend3 ana acquaintances arc r<»?oeet-
fully invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Monday), at 8:30 o'clock a. m., from the resi-
dence of his parents, 18 bumner street, off How-
ard, between Seventh and Eighth, thence to St
Joseph's Church, where a requiem hli?h ma«s
will be celebrated for the rettosi-of his soul, com-
mencinK at 9 a. m. Interment Mount Calvary
Cemetery.
LAR-ON-In this City, May 14. 1896. Clara C,
B beloved wife of Charles J. Larson, and mother of
John Anderson, a native of Varmland, Sweden,
aged 60 years 10 months and 21 days.
'Frienaa and acquaintances ar> resnect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Sunaay), at 2 o'clock p. m.. from her late resi-
dence. 1801 Taylor street, corner Green, where
services will be heid. Interment I. O. O. F.
Cemetery.
LKNGFELDT- In this city, May 15, 1896, Mrs.
Philippine Lenjfe'dt, beloved aunt of Mrs.
Adolph Rapt) and Mrs. Andrew Glos. a native of
ahem. Rheinpfals, Germany, aged 64 years.
lOij-Frlenda and acquaintances ar^ resoecv'
tally Invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Monday), at '_' o'clock p. M.. from the par-
lors of T^poilor Dlerks, 957 Mission street, be-
tween Fifth aad Sixth. Internien: 1. v. U. F.
Cemetery.
I HUN- In tnls city. May 15. 1896. Ma (bias,
bi-loved son of Mary and the late Matthias Mc-
Mahon, a native of oan Francisco, a -el 17 years
and 8 months.
6«»"Fri>-n'ls and acquaintances are resneo
fully Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Sunday) at 1:30 o'clock p. m., from his late
residence, 9 Bernard street, thence to St. Fran-
cis Church, where services will be celebrated
for the repose of hia soul. Interment Mount Cal-
vary Cemetery.
MEYERS— In this city. May 16, 1896, Rebecca C.
Meyers, beloved mother of Esther, Harry L. and
I Dr. R. C. Meyers, a native of .-sarDter, Prussia.
*S"The funeral will take place iii.-» DAY
Sunday), at 10 o'clock a. if., from her late
'•sWence, 72GVfe Union street. Interment Hills
' ■ mity Cemetery, by 11:46 o'clock a.m.
rain from Third and Towns street. Pleasw
mit Dowen.
>Ha.\— In the City ana County Hospital, May
«i. 1896, Joseph Moran, aged 65 years.
;i-LKR— In this city. May 15. 1896, Dora.be-
ivf-d wife of Henry, and mother of Kthel and
rancoi Muller. daughter of Axel and Kmma
InrcKow, and sister of Anna find Mela liarc-
ow, a native or Denmark, aged 22 wars ii
months and 14 days.
J£B~Frlen(l3 and acquaintance* are respem.
Jlly invi.eJ to attend iii« funeral THIS DAY
lay), at 2 o'clock p. m.. irom the par-
- of Haisted & Co., 946 Mission street,
Interment 1 O. O. i-". Cemetery,
I'.kavis- In this city. David Morton, beloved
husband of Ann K. iteavi.s, arm father of James
J.. Wil.tam A.. David M. Keavis Jr. and Mrs. if.
S. Holt, a native of Missouri, a^e I 65 years 6
montrs and 19 days.
67»~Frlend3 and ncquaintance* are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funt>ral THIS DAY
(Sunaay), at 1:80 o'ciocic p. m., from Masonic
•Jeiui.le. corner i'o<. and Montgomery streets
under the auspices of Golden Gate LofJ^e so.
30, V. aril A. M. iiui-r;ii.-ii: Masonic Cemetery
RKi;KR— lnthlscitv-, May 14, li.ij. KUzabeth
M.. beloved wife of Ueorg Johann Reb«r, a na-
tive of Germany, aged 4ti year* 6 months and 7
day •<.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to a <■•> l mo funeral THIS ni'
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock p.m.. from her late
rehidenc*. 320 Laldley street, between Mlgnel
and Malta thence to St. John's German Luth-
eran Church, Twenty-second ■ ree between
Lapp and Howard, win-r the services will be
held at 1 o'clock p. m. Interment Cypress Lawn
Ceinitery.
KODiJNHKRi;— in this city. Mar 16. 1816 Henry
P.oi! berg, beloved husband of the late (i sine
Rodenberg. and father of Mrs. A. B. Broyer and
the late Mrs. Henry Piister. a native of ilanover
Germany, aged 82 years and 9 days.'
*iriue funeral will take place 1 0-MORROW
(Monday), at 2 O'clock p. M.. from ins late resi-
dence. 'ZH'IH Foisom street. Initrm«n: I. v. O. F.
Cemi tery.
ROKMEII-In Los Gatos, Emllle Roamer, mother
of Cur: Roemer and the late Eugene Roemer
and Mrs. Helen A.rems. aged 81 years and 2
months. -
03"The funeral will take place TO-MORROW
(Monday), at 10 o'ciocic a.m.. from the par-
lors of Tlieodor Dlerks, 957 Mission street,
between Fifth and Sixth. Interment, i. o. o. F.
Cemetery.
itL'Ssi.l.L-ln Dixon. CaL, May 14. 1836, Her-
man Russell, a native of Germany, «?eJ 53 years.
A memb rof San Francisco Baker Vert-In.
£9~Frie.nds and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock p. m.. from the par-
lors of H. F. Bohr it Co.. 1203 Mission street,
near Klghth. Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
SHANE— In this city. May 16, 1593. Clinton,
dearly beloved husband of Eva Shane, father of
Georue Shane, brother of Mrs. Hom-baugh.
Homer. Kphralm and the late Jeremiah Shane,
a native of Branch County, Michigan, »K»d 68
years 2 months and 10 d"ays. rßurr «>ak (St.
JOs<^i> i County, Micnlgan) papers please copy.J
88-Funeral MONDAY, M*y 18. Further no-
tic ■ in Monday's papers.
si. [VAX— In this city. May 15, 1896. Mary,
beioved wife of John H., and mother of William,
John and Mary Sullivan, a native of County
Louth, Ireland, aged 57 fears.
< *3"Krlenat am acquaintance? »r? resoeot-
ftiilv invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Sunday), at 12:80 o'clock p. m.. from her late
residence. Army street and San Bruno road,
thence to St. Peter's cnurch for services. Inter,
men; Holy Cross Cemetery.
WEISS— [„ Martinez. May 15. 1896, Islntr Weiss,
a native of \V>s:p<iolia. Germany, a?ed 65 years
1 inin;li and 15 days. [Brooklyn (N. V.) papers
please copy.]
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Sunday), at 12:30 o'clock p. m.. from Masonic
it all .Martinez. Interment Alhambra Cemetery,
Martinez. •
WHITINO— In this city. May 16. 183«. Hannah
>» hlung, .mother of Dave, John, Harry and
Joseph Whiting, a native of County Cork, Iro-
lan I, a?ed 47 years.
WISE— In this City, May 16, 1896, Sarah A., wife
of John H. Wise, a native of St. Louis, Mo., aged
60 years 8 months and 19 da s.
Sir Funeral services TO-MORROW (Monday),
at 2 o'clock p. m.. at the residence, 1403 Leaven-
worth street. Interment private.
I'MTKI) UNDERTAKERS' I
EMBALMING PARLORS.
Everything Requisite for Flrst-cluM Funerals
at Reasonable Rates.
Telephone south 167. 27 and "JO Fifth st.
~ "wicAVOY & CALLACHER, I
FUNKKAL DIRVCTORS & EMBALM
80 fifth St., Opp. Lincoln School.
Telephone 8080.
JXS. MCMINOHET. Chas. McMk sou sir'
JAMES McMKNOMKY X- SON,
UNDERTAKERS A>l> EJIBALMEUS,
: 1057 Mission Street. Near Seventh.
T«l«phone J»*o. 3554.
JAS. ENGLISH. T. R. CAREW
CAREW & ENGLISH,
UNDERTAKERS AND EMBALMERS,
FUNERAL DIRECTORS,.
19 Van Ness aw., near Market st., San Francisco
Telephone >o. 156. •■■,-■■-,.-.,■.-.
TO UNIONIZE THE CITY.
Efforts of the Building Trades
Council Meeting With
Success.
The Organize j Musicians Obj ct to
the. Presidio Band — Contract
ors Acquiesce.
The efforts of the Building Trades Coun
cil to unionize the town are meeting with
success. The contractors and non-union
men manifest less opposition to t!.; de
mands of organized labor, and many who
never before would have anything to do
with labor unions are sending in their ap
plications for membership.
The committee of the council
has met with so much success that it has
c alied in the strike committee that for
the X'ast two weeks has worked the City in
squads of from two to a dozen. At present
the two business agents. Mclver and
Pchadt, are attending to all the council's
business.
The Musicians' Mutual Protective l'< io l
of this City is displeased t.'sa; tbe Grand
Lodge of the Knights of Pythias should
have employed the Presidio band to play
at the reception and ball to be riven :-oon.
The union has sent out the following cir
cular:
Pax Francisco. May 16. 199«.
To all Trailc*. Labor and Other Organization* —
GENTLEMEX:-The Grand Lodge of the Knights
of '■_•.;. will hold a grand reception and
ball at me Mechanics' Pavilion next Thursday
night. May '2l. The music will be furnished
by a Government band— a band fed, ciotned,
lodged and paid by the United States Govern
ment, and placed here in competition with
citizen musicians, who are tryiujr to earn from
sued engagements a living for themselves and
their families.
Were the Government to place its soldiers in
competition with the people who have hired
this band they would undoubtedly howl with
indignation at the '"injustice" of competition
with Government soldiers. We admit we are
powerless to compel** with this element. We
request your body to pass and publish such
resolutions as you fee nt in this matter. We
feel that all of the members of the Order of the
Knights of Pythias do not sanction such a pro
ceeding, and its condemnation by all citizens
would be eminently proper at this time. Fra
ternally, Musicians' Union
S. Davis, Secretary.
At an early hour this niorninc the nar
row-^au^e train for Sunset Park will carry
out a merry load of picnickers. Tbe
Painter-.' and Decorators' Union has long
prepared for the event and everything
promises to pass off »rnoothly. The hold
ers of lucky tickets will be" additionally
rewarded by prizes, for 103 merchandise
frate prizes will be distributed. The tug
o:-war promises to be a feature.
The contestants will be teams of eight
men from the Painters' Union and from
Carpenters' Union 22. The committee of
arrangements consists of C. S. Merrill, E.
H. Windsor, J. Tickner, Charles Doyle, J.
Dennis, A. Falen. Floor Committee —
U.iarles Doyle, floor manager; a q sistants,
D. Ratnpe, H. Sullivan, B. Cooney, G.
Eisenmenger, W. H. Morrow.
Robert Stephensoji Injured.
AT.AMEDA, Cal., May 36. — Robert
Btepbenson, the father of ex-City Trus
tee Htanley Stephenson. was thrown out
of his wagon on Hijjh street this morning
and seriously injured. It appears he was
allowing bis horse to feed along the road
side when the bit came out of the animal's
mouth and he bolted and threw Mr.
Stephenson out over an embankment.
Dr. E M. Keyes, who was. returning
from Elmhnrst, saw the mishap and car
ried the unfortunate man into his home,
where on a partial examinatioa he was
found to be bruised all over, one of his
ankles sprained and the little finger of the
right hand almost torn off. As he is well
along in years the results are liKely to be
serious.
Cleaning Gloves With GaHoline.
ALAMEDA, Cal., May 16.— Yesterday
was evidently the unlucky day i the
Hchreibf-r fami'y, who reside at 1415 Mor
ton street. The brother was thrown out
of a runaway cart in the afternoon and in
the evening his sister was encaged in
cleaning her g oves with gasoline. She
turned from her work to turn down the
burner of a pas stove tbat was near her
and before she knew it, her hands, encased
in the gasoline-soaked gloves, were on tire.
In an instant she was enveloped in flames
and screamed for help. Her fattier rushed
from an adjoining room and quickly pro
curing a "blanket extinguished the flames.
J ir. (j. I. Reynolds was called in and
found her hands and arms w re severely
burned, though the doctor has hopes she
will not lo c the use of them.
I : i -t CruUe of tbe Kncinal Club.]
ALAMEDA, Cal., May 16 -The Encinal
Yacht Club started for Han Mateo this
afternoon with a spanking brepze to carry
them on their first cruise. The attend
ance was very slim, as out of a fleet ot
twenty- five only four weighed anchor,
viz.: Commodore Leonard's El Sueno, E.
K. Taylor's Emerald, .lames Tyson s
Fa.vn aixl George H. Tyson's Thetis.
They took about sixty passengers with
them, mostly of the sterner sex.
licivs* Brigade Installation.
ALAMEDA. Cal., May 16.— The officers
of Company E and the Hospital Corps of
the Boys' Brigade, both connected with
Christ Church, will be installed to-morrow
by Brigadier-General Russell. The officers
elect are: Capiaii. Bird, Lieutenants
Mitchell and Elliot of the Hospital Corps
and Captain Cordes of the Infantry Com
pany.
The most expensive Legislature in the
world i« t- at of France, which costs annu
ally £720,000. The Italian X'arliament
costs £By,ooo a year.
THE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY 17, 1896.
A HOME WRECKED
BY FANATICISM.
Lieutenant Lasher's Wife
a Victim to Religious
Mania.
BAPTIZED IN A BATH.
Led by the Lord to Drives Her
Mother and Sister From
Home.
INDIGNATION OF NEIGHBORS.
Wherever Youna; Has Eeen He Has
Been Requested to Move
Away.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,)
106 Broadway. May 16. j
A sequel to the remarkable religious
doings of F. F. Young, "the terrorist,"
whose story was published in The Call a
few months ago, was made public to-day.
It is the story of a once lovely home
wrecked by fanaticism.
F. F. Youne, who Biyied himself
"reverend" and who sail he was the Mes
siah's agent, opened a place of worship, and
one of his earliest converts was Mra. Nellie
Lasher, wife of Lieutenant Lasher of tbe
Mrs. Nellie I ashcr, Wife of I ieutcnant lasher of the U. S. S. Adams, Who Is
Said by Her -Mother to He Entirely Under the Jnllucncc of Ycung.
[Si'tched /nun life.]
! C. S. S. Adams. According to the story
' of Young's" son Mrs. Lasher was baptized
; into the new faith in a bathtub, and from
! that time the seemed to be completely in
the power of Young. The preacher only
escaped arrest a short time afterward for
beating his son, because the Humane
Society's jurisdiction did not extend to
lads of his age.
Young opened a general home on Pan
Pablo avenue, and about six months ago
so unpleasant did his colony bee me that
he was persuaded to leave. He went with
his converts to East Oakland.
When Lieutenant Lasher heard of his
wife's infatauation he decided to buy a
I orhe ard selected a place near Fruitvale.
Mrs. Lasher and her three little children,
her mother, Mrs. Fleming, and her sister
Lily all went into the new house, and
Lieutenant Lasher sailed away on the
Adams.
Not long after Young and his family
were also made welcome at the Lasher
F. F. Young, Wno-c Preaching Is Said to
Have Uriven Mrv Lasher Insane.
home, and the "whole gospel museum"
and "school of Christ" were located there.
! In order to make room for the mission
I Mrs. Lasher and her children moved to
the Gaiindo Hotel.
boon cares and worry, together with her
religion, were noticed to be- dragging the
once handsome woman down, and in the
interests of her daughter's welfare Mrs.
Fleming wrote to the naval offic r, statinc
that eomo immediate measures mmt be
taken or his wife's mind would soon be
entirely unbalanced.
Lasher wrote to hi- mother-in-law, tell
ing her to sell the house and place his
wife where she could have proper care un
til the mania had parsed off.
Mrs. Lash'-r somehow cot hold of the
letter, and as a result Mrs. Lasher ordered
her sister and mother out of the house.
In justification of her actions in turning !
the aged mother out into the bleak in_-hi
Mrs. Lasher explaided that the Lord had
inspired her to do so, and when the Lord
willed her to do anything she was bound
to do it.
To neighbors she said: "You know 1
am not of this world. I loved my mother
belore when I was in the world, but now
I am consecrated out of it I cannot."
Mrs. Fleming d >es not know just what
to do as yet, but it is probable that she
will carry out her instructions from the
lieutenant.
This docs not bother her religious daugh
ter at all, for she believes that her heav
enly ties are of far more importance than
mere earthly ones. Neighbors state that
she has said to them that her murriaee
was not of the Lord's design, and it is in
timated that she will sue for a divorce.
Mrs. Fleming, while grieving for her
afflicted daughter, nevertheless feels sorely
injured and may bring the matter to the
attention of the authorities. ForYoUQJE
she cherishes undisguised hatred and
blames him so'e!y for the untortunate con
dition of affairs. With regard to her
daughter, slie tfiinks she is mentally un
balanced, while in this she has the'sup
port of every neighbor in the entire por
tion of the city in which she resides who
arc acquainted with the facts.
Young receives severe criticism on all
hands, and to-day. when spoken to, one of
his neighbors said he ought to be tarred
and feathered. For Mrs. Lasher sym
pathy is expressed, and all unite in saying
she is a thoroughly pure woman and a de
voted mother.
One of the neighbors spoke very forcibly
this afternoon. Ite said:
"Without doubt, in my mind, Mrs.
Lasher is mentuily unbalanced. She is
as sweet as she is pretty, but that demon.
Young, has complete control of her and
she bows to his beck and call. Her mother
is a noble lady and is trying to do what
is best for her daughter. Oh. this is all so
dreadful I can Hardly realize it.
"Yuung has been carrying en his work
for some time and does not merit the re
spect of a single neighbor. I lirmly be
lieve he has hypnotized Mrs. Lasher, as it
is said he has done others. One lady who
went to his meetings said she would not
sit for half an hour under his influence
again for $100. He is keeping all his
family there for nothing and is responsi
ble for all this trouble. Oh, there is noth
ing bad enough in this world for him, the
demon."
"I have nothing to say at all," said Mrs.
Lasher this ait moon. My actions rest
with Christ. My mother and I have no
communication at all, but the fact that
my religious beliefs had much to do with
it, I don't believe. lam very devout and
am doing as the Lord wiils. My personal
affairs are nothing to the public. Earl and
I are still a loving couple and I am not
going to sue for a divorce. I should like
to W6 any one sell my house. This is mine
and is consecrated io the Lord.
"That young scapegrace ot a son of Dr.
Young's, Claude, will wind up with a
noose about his necK some day on the gal
lows. He circulated the stories about rue
and now he poses as a good Christian Bap
tist. If you want tnk;iow anything about
my affairs, you had better go and see my
mother. lam sate with the Lord, that is
all."
Mrs. Lasher was an actress prior to her
tunrriage and is a remarkably handsome
woman.
Companion!! of i In- Forest.
OAKLAND, Cm,., May HJ.-The tenth
annual session of the Supreme Circle.
; C. O. P., will convene in Ukiah on Mon
i day. May 18. It is expected that many
I changes for the good of the order will be
made in the, law. A change will also be
made in the oilier of supreme secretary.
The friends of M--. K. M. llynn, the
; junior past supreme C. G., have requested
:h r to become a randi late.
Mr.-. J-'iynn has served the orderir; many
capacities, having been its supreme pre
siding officer for a long period. 6he has
I also been a contributor for several years to
: tue official organ of the A. O. F., and has
j written several articles of literary merit on
I the work of fraternity.
At l In- Mariloiiough.
OAKLAND, Cal., May 10. — Primrose &
West's colossal minstrel company will
play to packed houses at the Macdonougli
next Monday ana Tuesday evenings. The
advance saie is immense, and the grand
prize Cakewalk announced for Tuesday
evening is proving a Bpecial attraction
The organization is undoubtedly the
largest and finest ever seen In America
and is now turning away hundreds of
people at the California Theater.
Shut H«t Out.
OAKLAND, Cal.. May 16.— Mrs. Anna
Klinker reported to the police to-day that
the family of James de Pass had turned
her out of the house. The De Puss s say
that the old woman is insane, hut s c says
that slio gave them a big s:.m of money to
keep her to the end of her days and that
they have tired of their contract. An in
vestigation will be made of the old lady's
mind and story.
Gold- Brick Alan Free.
OAKLAND, Cal., May 16. — Andrew
Root, the gold-brick man who has been
held to answer to tbe Superior Court, was
admitted to bail this afternoon by Judge
Ogd->n in the sum of $5000. The sureties
are Mrs. Behan and H. C. Babcock, who
qualified in the sum of $23,000.
HISTORY OF A DAY.
Alanieda County Happenings Told in
;;." Brief Chapters.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,?
908 Broadway, May 17. ]
Joseph O'Connor of 757 Jefferson street was
precipitated through a window by a step-lad
der slipping while he was hanging a picture.
He was considerably lacerated, and had the
tendon of his right wrist severed by broken
glass.
Mrs. L. R. Griffin, for fifteen rears a popular
teacher in the Oakland High School, and more
recently of the tan Francisco School Depart
ment, has been removed to the Woman's
Hospital to prepare for an operation for cancer.
The result is regarded as problematical.
A horse belonging to John Roberts was found
by City Veterinarian Pierce to be suffering
from the glanders to-day, and the latter
ordered the animal killed. The owner rendliy
consented, ami Officer Morrison shot the horse
in the corporation jrard,
Uev. Dr Co. le bus b.?en invited by Dr. J. M.
Patterson of Detroit, who is o'.il- of the ofliciais
of the grout Christian Endeavor Convention
which assembles iv Washington, D. C, the sth
of July, to address the PrcsbytL-riiin denomi
nation ruliy. It. Coyl* «od Mrs. Coyle expect
to strirt East about tne 15th of June.
Thomas Ward of Sunol Glen, who shot, a Chi
naman w hile bombarding a wash-house, was
found guilty of assault with a deadly weapon
t>> a jury in Judge Greene's court yesterday.
He wlli be sentenced next Wednesday.
A. Hilson, a clerk, has filed a petition In in
solvency. He owus Rose VVeinberg of Angels
Camp $518 80, on which suit has been com
menced, lli-. assets amount to $118 30.
Dr. Isaac Atwood of 1912 Myrtle street died
yesit- rday at the age of 83. The funeral takes
place at £ p. m. to-morrow.
<.i .-« Works Closed.
BERKELEY, Cal., May 16.— The "West
Berkeley ass works, which have been
in operation for only a short time, closed
down yesterday temporarily on account
of defective melting kettles. "
» ♦ — •
One of the difficulties in keeping the
Pope in good health conies from his habit
of sometimes rising in the night, when,
for instance, a Latin couplet comes to him
which be wishes to record.
PARTY HARMONY
IS PROMISED.
W. R. Davis Says There
Will Be but One
Primary.
A PRIVATE CONFERENCE
Entire Change in the Republi
can Complexion in the
County.
HAS BEEN NO COMPROMISE.
Next Tv slay's Meeting Will Un
doubtedly Ec Productive of
Surprise.
Oakland Office, San Francisco Call.)
'JOB Broadway, May Ui. \
The close of the week witnesses a marked
difference in the general aspect of Repub
lican politics. Last week the cry was for
war even to the total disruption of the
party in this county. Now the controlling
spirits of the old and new organizations
are crying for peace and evincing a desire
for harmony.
For the past two da.vs representatives of
the party from the Third Congressional
District have been holding daily confer
ences, and the olive brancn has been freely
offered and accepted. A. Hoctcheimer of
Colusa County, Senator Parker and others
have met in W. R. Davis' office, and to a
great extent personal differences have been
thrown aside and everything possible
done to restore united action in the party.
It is now regarded as certain that there
will be but one primary for the election of
delegates to the district convention that
will nominate a Congressman, though it is
not yet known positively by whom it will
be called.
Next Tuesday evening the now reorgan
ized body will meet and will decide on
what shall be done. That overtures have
been made by both the old and new or
ganizations is certain, though just what
has been agreed upon, if anything, is a
matter of doubt. It is impossible for both
organizations to continue in power, and it
is not likely that the new body headed by
W. R. Davis and ex-Mayor Paniee will
recognize the Mautalen County Commit
tee. It is more than probable that the
terms oi whatever compromise nsay be
made are yet in abeyance and that the de
sire lor harmony is all that has yet been
manifested.
W. It. Davis, who really won the fight of
the primary delegation at Sacramento and
who is the best qualified to speak for the
party in this county, said to a Call man
to-day:
"In the first place i may say that the
Republican party will be in harmony
again before many days. I betievo there
will be but one primary and that will be
a dignified, honorable primary worthy
of the party. During the pa&t few days
the most representative Republicans in
this district have been in conference, and
there is a desire on all sides for harmony.
We realize that the Republican party is
not a toy to be played with or broken at
will. It stands for principles that are
much dearer to us than personalities.
When both organizations are anxious to
promote the general welfare of the party
it should not— and I believe will not— be
difficult to adjust the existing differences.
"Let me say, however, that we have not
lixed up any programme for next Tuesday
night and it will be a deliberative meet ing
ratlier than active one. At this time mere
is need of some calm thinking. There has
been altogether too much talking a nd this
has caused an impression that the differ
ences between the old and new organiza
tion are greater than they really are. If
the precinct politicians would cease think
ing with their mouths and would act de
cently there would be much better results.
"As between the old and new organiza
tions, it is not possible at this time to say
who will call the primaries. It lias not
been decided upon. This is not a compro
mise, because when all concerned are anx
ious for but one result It is easy to reach a
mutual agreement. At this virue no good
purpose can be subserved by unseemly
bickering. This difference is not as great
as it has been made to appear by the pre
cinct orators who have tried to earn a lit
tle free irlorv. The moeting next Tuesday
night is not to be a conference between
the two organizations by any means. It
has been called by our new organization,
and it is very possible that something de
cisive may be done."
ARMENIA'S TROUBLES.
Ex-Consul Sweeney Speaks of His Ex
perience in the Land of the
Turk.
OAKLAND, Cal., May 16.— Rev. Z. T.
Sweeney, ex-U nited States Consul-General
to Turkey, arrived in Oakland to-day and is
the guest of Rev. James Small. In speaking
of the Armenian difficulties Mr. Sweeney
sum:
It is a question of religion that causes the
trouble. The Turk, as a Mohammedan has no
sympathy with an unbeliever.. The Turk per-
Bonally is very tender-hearted, much more so
than many other nations, but his religion
makes him a fanatic. -
Tne Turk who is religious is dangerous. All
who will not accept the faith of the Mussul
man will be exterminated by him. It is a re
ligious work with him, a question of Mussul
man and Christian faith. He has begun with
tne Armenian and he will next attack the
Greek.
The trouble will end with either the com
plete extermination of the Greek and Arme
nian races or an acceptance by then of the
faith of the Turk, unk-.'s the great powers in
tervene. lam a patriotic believt r in the Mon
roe doctrine, but 1 think the United States as
a moral duty snouU send a few gunboats over
to protect the Christian*. .;•
The Sultan Is at the head of the troubles.
lie is a deeply religious man and considers it
a duty to spread the Mohtmuiedan belief.
Any one who stands in the way will be wiped
off the face of the earth. '1 he Sultan hits made
Turkey a stro ger empire than before, and is,
lrom tne Turkish standpoint, a good and wise
ruler. In personal appearance tne Sultan is
about 53 years old, and resembles a He Drew.
He has good intentions and kind instincts/
He is egotistical, as any man in his position
who has traveled very little and read little
would be. lie has an idea he is the great and
mighty potentate of the world. As an ardent
believer he desires to ex'end his religion as
much as possible. He is following out the pre
cepts ,of his religion conscientiously. . He is
not only temporal but spiritual ruierof his
domain. In temporal matters his hands are
tied by the great powers, and so he endeavors
to carry out bis ideas through his spiritual
power. He is the ruler and he makes his
power felt In every part of the empire.
The missionaries in Turkey are not making
much progress. They are harassed by a hun
dred petty restrictions of the law. They can
not move even a box without a special dis
pensation from Constantinople. They make
very lew converts among the Turks, and those
■who are converted are spinted away. The
missionaries ere met everywhere by great out
ward suavity, but an internal moral resistance
that Is impossible to overcome.
The country i- Infested with brigands, and it
is mis.ife to too even two miles from the capital.
Nobody is safe from depredations, and no oi.e
can travel Without a bodygtmri of soldiers.
The brigand* are prinotp«U« Greeks, who as a
race are bold, brave and dashing.
The life of au auactie 01 a foreign legation
in Constantinople is a very pl?a-ant one. The
life is brilliant and gay, and follows the life of
a European court. The dii.lomats consider
Turitnytni! univ. rsity of diplomacy, and cer
tainly it requires diplomatic skill to iucows
fully represent a country that is so full r.f t.lots
and intrigues as Turkey. Tiere is not a diulo
mat in Constantinople who knows what the
situation will be mx months from now. No
one can tell, and each is jealonsof the other.
My idea would be to esablish a Byzantine Re
public with the Bosphorous and "Dardanelles
open to ail.
COUNTY DELEGATES.
Alameda Democrats Select Thirty-five
Delegates to the Sacramento
Convention.
OAKLAND, Cal., May 16. — A meeting
of the Alanieda County Democratic Cen
tral Committee wa-» held last night in
Germania Hall. The meeting was pre
sided over by M. J. Lay man cc. J. T.
Fleraming of Alameda acted as vice-presi
dent, C. \V. Heyer of Hay wards as secre
tary, and A. M. Ii -It of East Oakland as
assistant secretary.
The purpose of the meeting was to make
arrangements for the selection of tbe
thirty-live delegates to the Democratic
State Convention, to be held in Sacra
mento on June Hi. A very lar^e number
of proxies were present.
After the rollcali H. 0. McPike read a
set of resolutions calling for primaries
and their method of repula! ion. The day
set lor tbe election in the resolutions was
June 5. One delegate was to be allowed in
each ward and township for every 200
votes cast for James Budd, making in all
thirty-four delegates and one delegateat
large to be chosen by the County Central
Committee.
Robert Fitzgerald offered a substitute
in which he provided that the delegate-at
large be elected by the people of the
county and that the election be held on
May '23.
Many speeches followed the reading of
the resolutions discussing the merits and
demerit of the differing points. Mr. Fitz
ueralds res. lutions were lost by a vote of
52 to 46.
H. C. McPike's plan was next voted on
and was carriea by a vote of 63 to 45.
Frank Mom'tt next nominated Hon. W.
W.Foote as delegate-at-large and Con liros
nahan placed in nomination Robert M.
Fitzgerald. Mr. Fitzgerald declined the
nomination and Mr. Foote was elected
delegate-at-large. The meeting then ad
journed,
STUDENTS ON THE STAGE
"Skull and Keys" Society at
Berkeley Successfully Pre
sent a Farce- Comedy.
Prospective Fresbnrn Are in a Quan
dary Over What They Sball
Call Their Class.
BERKELEY, Cal., May I&— Th« Skull
and Keys Literary and Social Club of ihe
State University, composed of juniors and
seniors selected from the various fniterni
t es, gave its annual theatricals to-night at
Shattuck Hall. The building wascrowded
to the door?, 500 invitations bavins been
sent out, and the :iff:iir was voted a de
cided success. Society leaders from both
sides of the bay turned out in full force,
and assisted to make t c evening the
social event of the spring season in Berke
ley. The play wa« a farce-comedy in three
acts and was entitled "Uncle." The cast
of characters was as follows:
Uncle Bootle, J. P. Hutrhins; Paul Beau
mont. Edward U'.ake; l'eter Fletcher, Alex
Baldwin; Puffin, Brockway Metea f; Mrs.
Beaumont, Fletcher McNutt ;F.mi!y Montrose,
H. U. Roeding; Sarah Jane, J. R." Hamilton.
On H.ccount of the sudden illness of Edward
B ake the part of Beaumont was taken by C. S.
Ba tf s.
The entire performance was under the
personal direction of Leo Cooper.
The farce throuehout was glowing with
humor and tilled with amusing and pecu
liar complications. Paul Beaumont,
nephew to Ur.ole Bootle, marries un
beknown and contrary to the wishes of
his uncle, who is supporting him on the
condition that he should remain forever
unmarried.
Peter Fletcher visits Beaumont and
flirts with Mr?. Beaumont. Complications
arise upon the unexpected arrival of Uncle
Bootle. Mrs. Beaumont is introduced as
the wife of Fletcher to avoid the detection
of Beaumont's marriage. The woman to
whom Fletcher is encaged also appears
and upon discovering that Mrs. Beaumont
and h« apt as husband and wife further
complications are precipitated. Matters
are finally cleared up by the betrayal of
the scheme by the servant. Uncle Bootle
becomes reconciled to the marriage and all
ends well.
The setting was extraordinarily good,
the make-ups were excellent and the per
formers acquitted themselves more after
the manner of professionals tlmn student
amateurs.
Freshman "Exes" Over.
BERKELEY, Cal., May 16.— The three
days of freshman examinations closed this
afternoon. The 175 "preps" who went
through the ordeal will now be in anxious
waiting until th»y receive cards from the
recorder announcing whether they are to
be admitted to courses in the university.
Talcing the examinations as a whole they
were considerably harder than those of
last year.
One question which appears to be worry
ing the embryo freshies excessively is
what they shall call their class. Their
class, to be sure, will be the class of 1900,
but custom has established the use of the
two last h'gur s of the year number to
designate the class.
For the coming freshmen to use the two
last fimireu of liJOO would only be to give
them "(«)." They are noc satisfied with
this and in consequence are debating on
whether they shall call themselves "Two
Zeros," "Cipher Two" or "Naughty
Naughts." A sophomore, their natural
enemy, suggested to-day that they duo
themseives "Nit." Many of tbe class
seem convinced that they should i r o under
the plain number of "Nineteen Hundred"
to the sacrifice of brevity and the destruc
tion of precedent.
I>eath of Ed ward F. Bntkpiu-Mgo.
BERKELEY, Cal., May 16.— News has
reached Berkeley of the death in New Or
leans of Edward F. Brakenridge, a promi
nent lumber dealer of that city and a son
of E. A. Brakenridge of HlO Louisa street.
II s family are well-known citizens of
Berkeley and were paid a visit by their
now deceased son ana his wife last year.
During his in California he acquired
many friends. He was a native of Port
Huron, Mich., w..d went «o New Orleans iv
1884. He engaged in the lumber business
nnd was among the pioneers of t c North
ern investors in the purchasing of pine
lands in Louisiana. Mr. Bratenridge leaves
a widow and young daughter.
Only Five Deaths In April.
BERKELEY, Cal., May 16.— Only five
deaths were reported in Berkeley during
the month of April. One was caused by
consumption, one by pneumonia, one by
cancer and two from other causes.
From Gutter to Pulpit.
BERKELEY, Cal., May 16.— M. W.
Pratt, a reformed drunkard and gambler,
will lecture to-morrow evening at the First
Congregational Church on the subject,
"From the Gutter to the Pulpit." Tne
speaker comes indorsed by tbe pulpit and
press.
auction Sales
GRAB AUCTION SALE
At the Eancrof: Building,
. 721 n»rket Street.
Between Third and Fourth. \
TO-MORROW.
Monday May 18, 1896,
At 11 O'ClOCk A. M.,
WE WILI, BEI.I.
2500 Yards of Carpets.
Also a macnlflcnt line of Japanese Art Goods,
the finest ever offered at auction: one lot of Genta 1
1 nrni things and a lot ol Lidies* and Children's
Underwear, Hosiery and .Notions. .No limit; uo
reserve.
INDIANA AUCTION COMPANY.
Office, ISO Sutter Street.
SBf^'H.".!. LEUTHOLTZ,Auctioneer. •
B. M. BIRDSALL, Proprietor.
ORIENTAL CURIOS.
Antique and Modern High Art.
419 KEAKXY ST.
TO-MORROW.
Monday May 18
AT 2 P. M.
More than 100 cases of new goods ex S. S. Chin*.
opened and now on sale, consisting of every kind
of Japanese and Oriental goods, including Rugs of
every «lze, Antique Kronzes. Kagu Satsuma, Awata,
Cloisonne, lilshue, Koch I. etc.. etc.
Two elegant presents given to the ladles dally
attending the sale at 2p. m. Chairs for the ladies.
F. T. KISRLAK. Auctioneer.
TRUSTED HARVEY
AS A BROTHER
C. E. Bobst's Fortune Has
Gone Down With the
Wreck.
SAVINGS OF A LIFETIME
The Realty Speculator Is Ar
rested, but at Once Released
on Bends.
MORE MORTGAGES MISSING.
The Latest Victim Relates a Story
of a flaach Tuat Was
Once His.
Oakland Office Pax Francisco Call, )
903 Broadway, May 16. J
Leroy G. Harvey, the private banker
and financial agent, who resides on Lin
den street, against whom four indictments
were found by the Grand Jury, two for
grand larceny and two for embezzlement,
was arrested yesterday morning by Police
man Walsh and booked at the City Prison.
He was immediately released on four
bonds of $2500 each, accepted by Judge
Belcher. The complaining witnesses are
Mrs. Emily A. P. Smith and her danphter.
Miss Maude A. Smith of this city.
C. E. Bobst, who at present resides at
the Albany Hotel in Oakland, is one of
the greatest sufferers by the treacherous
conduct of Leroy G. Harvey.
"I am a old man; require a nurse nipiht
and day; am almost in the grave and new
I learn that through the most infamous
treachery of Leroy Harvey I am practi
cally without funds-
"For twenty-eight years 1 have been
more than a parent to Leroy Harvey.
I have made him valuable presents, which
are now to be foabd all over his house. I
have given him money and I huve placed
implicit confidence in him. I let him do
just exactly as he pleased and invest my
money as he wished. I trusted him as a
friend and he has hundreds of times told
me that he would not, for his life, jeopardize
one cent of my money, knowing me to bo
placed as I am. The money I entrusted to
him represents the savings of many years
of my earlier life. I provided against old
a^e and Harvey knew it. Now he has
financially ruined mo.
"I do not know whether I am worth
anything or nothing. Some of the securi
ties on which he loaned my money are
worthless and others cannot be found-
Some stand in the name of Harvey and
his wife, and ihose nre entirely valueless.
"There is one incident that occurs to me
now that shows how thoroughly depraved
and devoid of anything Jike honor he was.
1 was sick in Florida, and was so near
death that I heard the doctor say that I
might not live through the night. I
owned at that time a ranch adjoining that
of a company controlled by Harvey.
""When I heard the doctor speak I took
the deed to my ranch and wrote on it: 'If
I pass away keep it and if I recover pay
me tbe interest on it so long as I shall
live. 1 I recovered and some time later
came West. I aefct^a Harvey about my
property, but be gave me no satisfaction.
"Now I find it has been traded off for
worthless stoctc. I have never been paid
the interest on it. and so far as lam con
cerned it is gone.
"That is not all. There are other securi
ties jeopardized and I am too ill and weak
at this time to investigate thoroughly, bnt
realize that I have been cruelly betrayed
and robbed by one whom I befriended and
whom I thought was a friend."
WAS MISQUOTED
Dr. Ambros»wf Misquoted in Hi* Re
marks About the Russian
Consul.
OAKLAND, Cal., May 14.— Dr. Am
brosewf, the promoter of a free clinic in
this city, is rejoicing over the prospect of
soon inheriting a large estate in Russia,
but He says that part of an interview pub
lished in The Call last Sunday does him
an injustice and casts reflections on the
Russian Consul that were undeserved. ■
"The reporter misunderstood my lan
guage," said Dr. Ambrosewf, "and I cer
tainly did not wish to convey any impres
sion that the Russian Consul had taken
money lrom tne and had not i fclped me
to recover my estate after inducing me to
think that he would do so. My remarks
in that connection did not apply to the
Russian Consul, who, I am sure, would
not do any such thing, and who. 1 be
lieve, is an honorable man in every re
sppct."
Dr. Ambrosewf is a Russian and his pro
nunciation of the English language is
somewhat difficult to understand. In the
interview quoted he said that there were
spies in this country who would not hesi
tate, for a paltry consideration, to kill
him. The reporter undoubtedly misun
derstood the doctor's remarks, and Thi
Call regrets the publication of tbe mis
quotation, as every one must be aware
who is acquainted with the nigh standing
oi tbe Russian Consul in San Francisco.
1516
MERCHANTS MAKE
MERRY AT NILES.
The Wholesale Mercantile
Community Takes a
Day Off.
NINTH ANNUAL PICNIC.
Business Men and Their Families
Meet Under the Greenwood
Tree.
THE GAMES AND AMTJSEMENTS.
Thrilling Balloon Ascension With
Exciting Incidents — A Spill in
the Lake.
The ninth annual picnic of the whole
sale merchants was held yesterday at Niles
Canyon. It proved to be a most enjoyable
outing, for the day was all that could be
desired and the country wore its fairest
Maytime garb. The various committees
of arrangement had provided amusements,
which were a continued round of pleasure
all day lone, and incidents not on the pro
gramme added zest to the mirth.
Two long trains toot as jolly a party to
the picnic grounds as ever left San Fran
cisco on pleasure bent. They carried the
officers of the picnic, friends and invited
guests, as well as musicians, who made
the hour's ride pass pleasantly.
In all there were about 1500 people, in
cluding a lar^e sprinkling of children.
For the most part it was a reunion of fam
ily parties — the merchants and employes,
with their wives and children. Repre
sentatives of the following bouses, which
closed for the day, participated in the fes
tivities:
Tillmann <t Bendol, Haas Bros., Union Fish
Company, Lynde <fc Hough Company, the Mo-
Culloni Eishinjr and Trading Company, FranK
B. Peterson, William Cluff Company, Hooper &
Jennings, Pacific Vinegar and Pickle Works,
Martin. Ftenslex <fc Co., Sherry, Avilla <fc Co-,
Twin Brothers Mush rompany. Hermann &.
Co., Flsehbeck & < . !'>>>tz, Atlantic Fish Com
pany. Healdsburg nnd Sonoin» Commercial
Company, T. P. Merchant, <>. li. Smith & Co.,
Armes .V PaUfirn, Itrigham, Soppe i <"0., L. T.
Snow, Pacific Marine Supply Company,
Sperry Flour Company, Johnson-Locke Mer
cantile Company, L. I-Vldmann »v Co.,
Stockton Milling Company, J. A. Fol-
Ktr & Co.. Del Monte Milling Company,
iloleombe Bros., Code, Elfelt A: Co.. C. B.
.1. nuings, Norton, Teller & Roden, M.
Ehrman & Cc, Welliuan, Peck &, Co., Dodge,
Sweeney A: Co., S. Foster & Co., Man, Sadler &
Co., Getz Bros. & Co., Williams, Brown & Co.,
Mansfield Lovell, l>aneri & Co., John A. Len
non, M. it ('. Mmigels, S. H. Tyler & Son, J. H.
Newbauer A- Co., McCarthy Bros., Bates & Suy
dam. Inglenook Vineyard Agency. F. H. Ames
Company, Wheaton, Breon i Co., Wieland
Bn.s-., John 11. Bpohn, Price Baking Powder
Company, T. H. Dowling & Co.. Boltz, Clymer
& Co., Levenson & Co., Our Mothers Milling
Company, Ciement, Pringle <t Co., Hoffman
Fleishman &. Co., Frank H. Foote, Pacific Fruit
Company, charle> .1. Simon, Williams- Brown
Fruit Company, Charles C. Bonner & Co.,
Coburn, Tevis .i Co., Harrold Bro«.,
Morris Newton &. Co., Braver, Grass
hoff <fc Co., A. C. Boldemann & Co.,
F. Manens & Co., Witzell & Baker, Leoee <fc
Mills. A. E. Dunham, A. J. de Lamare, Roth &
Blum, Kow&lSki ,t Co., A. C. Deitz & Co., Por
ter Bros. & Co., I»u Val & Carroll, Hughson &
Menon, W. F. Beck, Rosenberg Bros. & Co., C.
K. Bplivalo A- Co., Wi'inerdinsr-Lowe Company,
Soutti san Francisco Packing and Provision
Company, Crown Distilleries Company, liild
ebrandt, Posner & Co., J. M. Levy £ Co.
Golden Gate Champagne Company, G*. R. Hen
drickson, Hills Bros.. C. Jost A: Son," M. Walter &
Co., Western Sugar Refining Company. Win.
Woiff i Co., Naber, Alfs & Bruno, Sherwood &
Sherwood. Livingston & Co., Castle Bros.,
Henry f'anipe & Co.. Cartan McCarthy <fc Co.,
t-iebe Bros. & Plageinßnn, G. Conn Company'
Dallemand <fe Co., Sf . Erlenbacb, F. Chevalier
& Co., James G. Walker & Co., Meyerfield, Mit
chell A: Co., Weil Bros. <v Sons, tne Rosenblatt
Company, N. Van Bergen <fc Co., Sun Francisco
Typewriter Exchange, Shea. Bocqueraz A ('■>..
California Fireworks Company, Eclipse
Cracker Company, Hey, Grauerholz & Co,
Mafoudray & Co., .John A. Uoebling's Sons
Company, the John T. Cutting Company, Roth
«t Co., Bay City Match Company, Brounsch
iveiger & Co.. Kingan <t Co. (Ltd).. E.Martin
&Co., Moore, hunt & Co., Coblentz, Pike <£
Co., E. de Bernard! «fc Co.
Immediately upon arrival at the picnic
station the crowd scattered in little proups
and paid their respects to luncheon under
the liveoaks and buckeyes. Many of the
younger folks, however, entered at once
upon the pleasures of the waltz. Still i
others took to boating and the varied I
means of diversion placed at their dis
posal. .
About this time the voice of a "spieler"
could be heard in the vicinity of a large
tent. It was part of the original pro
gramme, and the voice repeated: "The
show cost us $10,000; 'tis the greatest show
on earth, ladies and gentlemen. For the
low price of one dime, the tenth part of a
dollar, it is placed at your k disposal. Step
in and see for yourselves."
This, accompanied by vigorous drum
ming on a tin pan, drew a. crowd, and
many passed inside. "We've got Dr.
O'Donnell inside; come aud see Dr. O'Don
nell. Hi, hi; now's your time; come in,
everybody."
The fun was uproarious while it lasted,
and those who had paid dimes to see the
inside of a big tent — and nothing more
laughed over the practical joke. The
"show" closed rather abruptly shortly
after the noon hour, when a respite from
merrymaking was taken for lunch and a
quiet stroll in the canyon. There was a
pretentious programme billed for the tent
vaudeville entertainment, but for some
reason it did not take place, and nothing
remained for the staff of the "Veila" to do
but enjoy themselves. They were— on the
bill —
Stage manager— Frank S. Johnson.
Assistant stage managers — Anse MeiKgg,
Leon Maison, Bob Starr.
Business manaeers— Carl Schmidt, Arthur
Mayer, by kind permission of the Turners.
Advance agent— C. B. Rode.
Assistant advance agents — Abe Mertif, Al
Eh r man.
Treasurer— J. Levy Jr.
Assistant treasurers— Carlos Young, Charles
J.Simon.
Chief of spielers— William Lieber.
Assistant spielers— W. M. Brison, Jeff Floyd
Billy Sanderson,
Grand — Morris Newton.
Assistant lecturers— Fred Van Sicklen, James
McNabb, Harry Brown.-
Ticket sellers — Fred Baumgartner, Henry
Levy, Mark Ezekiel.
Director of fireworks— M. Duperu
Chief of police— Ben Markley.
Assistants— Everett Jones, Leopold Klau
William Wellman, George Lauinger, Hermann
Levi, T. H. Dowhnp.
Sole owners and proprietors— E. Engleberg
and J. Wolfe.
A troupe of Japanese jugglers, acrobats
and magicians performed on the dance
platform and Professor Markeburg gave a
clever performance on a high wire. These
interesting events . over, dancing was re
sumed in the pavilion. Games in another
place afforded amusement for the mer
chants and their people. Fourteen events
— racing for boys, girls, < young ladies,
young men, married women, married
men and fat men and three-legged races
for boys and men, a standing jump, a
hop, step and jump and a tug-of-war —
kept up an f exciting rivalry for prizes
until everybody was! ready, to see the
balloon ascension. It so happened that a
select party" of the merchants' picnic
Bociety were pretty lively Olympic Club
men, and they .-i won cases of wine and
whisky, boxes of cigars, etc.
"Bay, that's a dead lead pipe," said a
member of the defeated tug-of-war team
to William Kennedy of the club.
"A what?"
"Lead pipe."
"And you have the swelled head, I sup
pose, for winning?"
The standing smile on the genial secre
taryS face broadened into a grin.
"'We'll have that to-morrow nijxht after
getting the prize," he replied.
So t lie eames ended.
In "firing" the balloon a can of gasoline
caught the flames and exploded A boy
was instantly covered with burning caso
line, i'hil Hastings, impresario 'of the
balloonist, leaped to the lad and with
several men forced him to the ground. A
dozen coats were off in a twinkling and
the blazes on the boy's clothing were
promptly extinguished. The little fellow
escaped, strange to say, without even a
scorch, as his clothes had not time to
catch fire. Prolessor Markeburg, who was
throwing the gasoline into the lire, was
covered with the stuff.
He leaped from the tire hole and rolled
in the soft clay, where willing hands saved
him with coats and shovels of sand. One
of his feet was burned and his face and
hands were painfully scorched.
Mile. Essie Viola went up with the
balloon. She narrowly escaped striking
the funnel by twisting round in her tra
peze. This motion coiled the cut-away
rope round the knife, and she could not
drop. She went aloft to a great height in
the blue sky and descended upon the hill
side.
Two young men, employes of Schilling
<fe Co., took two ladies for a sail on the
creek. One of the ladies was frieMened in
a rapid and jumped from the boat. The
water was about, five feet deep, but she
thought it was shallow. Her companion
was of the same opinion and jumped, too.
The young men plungpd in to save them,
as did two fellows on the bank. All got
safe ashore in moist condition.
A SI 500 r.i.i/.-.
An alarm was sounded through box 532
yesterday at 4:15 p. m. for a blaze in Kelly &
Hair's hay and grain establishment at the
Scenes in and Around Nile 9 Canyon Daring Its Occupation by the Wholesale
Merohnnts Yesterday.
corner of Fourth avenue and South M street.
About thirty tons of salt and fifty tons of hay
were consumed by the flames and the building
was also badly damaged. The lose will amount
to about $1500, part of which is covered by
insurance.
Notre Dime Orphan Picnic.
At San Jose, on May 13, the orphan girls
under the care of the Notre Dame Institute
Sisters celebrated the never-to-be-forgotten
day by a grand picnic at the noted Blackberry
farm. Tnere was singing, dancing, swinging,
romping, wild-flower Dicking and all sorts oi
innocent outdoor amusements which the
fifty girls, ranging in ages from 3to 14 years,
enjoyed immensely. The five Sisters "were
pr esent and A. J Morrell, a friend of the insti
tute, also joined the merrymakers. The
names of the children present are as follows:
Maude Rose, May Fischer, Felipa Shepherd,
Flora Vales, Alice Hoey, Lillian Maguire,
Concha Patino, Alice MacCaskie, Mary Sunny,
Clara Hassett, Louise Downing, Gertrude Wil
iiams, Rosie Lopez, Lottie R< ese, Margaret
Timm, Lizzie Hlguera, Solia Uiguera, Leta
Heudriques, Mary Wondra, Lena Dcbrume,
Mary Debrume, Mary Catherine Robb, Winnie
Wingarden, Annie Miller, Lena Miller, Cecelia
Youne, Cecelia Roete, Luoretta Pacheco,
Esther Pacheco, Louise Debrume, Mary
Kearney, Mary Pranti, Lucy l'ranti. Mary
Wisnerskl, Annie Wisnerski, Jennie Robles,
Eva Galinda, Asnes Maguire, Pearly Mh.mhiv,
Mary Shepherd, Mary Keenan, Rosie Debrume,
Mary Robles, Lillie Pranti, Isabel Pinard.
Ethel Kmith, Margaret Applesteil, Louise Ap
plesteil, Annie Kearney, Andra Miranda, Re
carda Solace.
For the Sheltering Arum.
Sister Julia of the Sheltering Arms on Harri-
Kon street states that a woman has recently
been soliciting alms and provisions for the
asylum who if not authorized to do so. Who
the woman is cannot be learned, but she is
evidently a worker, for she induced several
families to contribute money and milk for tne
Sheltering Arms. Sister Julia says that when
there is any collecting to be done she will at
tend to it and that the self-appointed solicitor
is a fraud.
•—• — • — •
Woman's Congress Association.
The annual meeting of the Woman's Con
gress Association of the Pacific Coast will be
held on Monday, May 18, at 10:30 a. m., in
Shasta Parlor, Native Sons' hall, Han Francisco.
Officers for the ensuing year will be elected.
Members please present their tickets at the
door.
Pommery Sec.
The firm of Veuve Pommery Fils * Co.
now consists of the following members:
Louis Pommery, Henry Vasnier, the ex
perienced directeur, and the Comtesse de
Polignac. It it owing to the conscientious
efforts of the management to produce a
high-crade champagne of uniform quality,
regardless of cost, that Pommery Sec oc
cupies the elevated position it now holds
among connoisseurs, prominent among
whom is the Prince of Wales.
At the recent public wine sales the fol
lowing were the prices obtained for cases
containing 12 bottles:
Pommery Sec - - 83 to 89 shillings.
Moet & Chandon - 77 to 82 shillings.
Veuve Clicquot - - 77 to 82 shillings.
G. H. Muram - - 72 to 77 shillings.
Tourists to the Continent of Europe also
observe the higher price which Pommery
invariably commands at the better hotels
aud resorts.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY 17, 1896.
MARIE SONDERUP
SUES THE CORONER
Says Her Husband's Body
Was Unlawfully
Mutilated.
WANTS BIG DAMAGES.
Dr. Kuhlmann Will Be the
Principal Witness in the
Case.
TWO DIAGNOSES THAT DIFFER
The Coroner Found Death Caused
by Tubercuosis and Not
by Injury.
Marie Sonderup has brought a peculiar
suit against Coroner Hawkins and Dr.
John T. Barrett, the autopsy pliyj-ician of
the Morgue. She wants ?25,000 damages
for the removal of the body of her hus-
band to the Morgue and performing an
autopsy upon it which is described in her
formal complaint as "a willful and wanton
hacking, cutting, hewing and mutilation
of the body."
The plaintiff further says in her com
plaint that her husband died April 23
last and that a death certificate properly
signed by the attending physician was
filed in the Health Office. In spite of this,
shf says, the Coroner's deputies called the
next day and took the body to the Morgue,
where Dr. Barrett performed the autopsy.
All this, she says, was such a shock to her
that she was damaged to the extent of
$25,000.
Dr. Kuhlmann, who was the physician
in attendance during the sickness and
death of Sonderup, said last night:
"I would rather not talk about this case
yet, as I shall be the chief witness in court.
Nevertheless, I will say that Coroner
Hawkins was guilty of a compound felony
when he had the autopsy performed on
the body and afterward made out a fraud
ulent death certificate.
"The law states that when a person dies
under suspicious circumstances the Coro
ner shall in ild an inquest and impanel a
jury.
"This case was certainly not one of sus
picious circumstance owing to the fact
that I, a reputable physician, was present
at the death nnd wrote the diagnosis of
t!ie death. When I applied at the Health
Department for a death certificate I did
not go in any underhanded way. but
simply did openly as the law demands in
suoh cases.
"I was refused a certificate and the body
was taken to the Morgue, where Dr. Haw
kins caused an autopsy to be performed
without impaneling a jury. He afterward
made out a death certificate.
"This is a Southern Pacific Railroad
case, and I believe Coroner Hawkins was
influenced by that corporation.
"Ordinarily such a case would have gone
by without so much notice, but this case
was specially watched.
"This is the first case of its kind that has
ever been tried in California, and I assure
you it will be the mo«t celebrated case that
has been tried in years.
"We have a strong case and are sure to
win. In a short time there will be a
?50,000 suit begun against the railroad for
killing the man. There was no doubt
whatever of the man's dying from wounds
received at the time of the accident. I
should know, for I attended liim during
the entire time."
J. B. Clarke, attorney for the plaintiff
said :
"Our case is not only strong; it is abso
lutely irresistible. It will only be a matter
of how large a sum the jury will allow.
"A case of this kind is very rare. There
are exceedingly few precedents in the
United States, because it is rarely that
such a flagrant breach of authority is
made. I am convinced that there
are older and wiser heads back
of the Coroner. These I believe to belong
to the Southern Pacific Railroad Company.
The law provides for the holding of an in
quest only when death is caused by vio
lence or under suspicious circumstances.
In the case of Sonderup several renula
ble physicians determined the cause of
death and made application for a death
certificate or burial permit in the usual
way. This should by law have been
granted. The body was taken from the
house, and after the autopsy what re
mained of it was returned. It was an out
rage. I would not bave undertaken the
case had I not been convinced that I was
absolutely sure of winning it."
Dr. Hawkins has given the case into the
hands of his attorneys, "Leonard and
Hawkins."
"I only did what the law requires me to
do in such cases," said he. "I received
word from the Health Department that
they had a case which needed looking into.
Accordingly I had an autopsy performed,
lhe diagnosis of Dr. Kuhlmann was
that the man came to bis death,
which was caused by a wound
from injuries. He expressed
is as "traumatic paralysis or something to
that effect which contained the word
IJMUgatic." This word is what prompted
the Health Department to notify me. I
had an autopsy performed by Dr. Barrett
and he found after examination that death
was caused by tuberculosis, in fact the en
tire body was imprecated with baccilli.
further he preserved parts of the body
which are full of the baccilli.
"Consequently, since the death was one
from natural causes, it was wholly un
necessary to impane! a jury. Therefore I
had a burial permit written. I was simply
doing my duty. It would certainly have
appeared that I was in 'cahoots' with the
railroad had I allowed the case to pass by
without notice. The Health Department
notified me and so I was compelled to
have the autopsy performed.
"It is a preposterous charge, and would
be similar to one in which the relatives of
a murdered man or woman sued me for
mutilating the remains after the autopsy
was authorized to be performed by me. *I
am informed by the undertakers that Dr
Kuhlmann stood the expense of the fu
neral. Dr. Kuhlmann told me at the time
of the man's death that the family did not
contemplate instituting a damage suit
against the railroad, but desired that the
man might be buried quietly without an
autopsy."
A BULLET THROUGH HIS NECK.
William Barry Trobably Fatally In
jured by an Angry Chinese.
William Barry, a riveter, was shot in
the back of the neck by a Chinese at the
Potrero rope walk yesterday afternoon
He was taken to the Potrero police station
and later to the Receiving Hospital, where
Drs. Fitzgibbon and Ruine probed for the
bullet, but wore unable to extract it. It
had penetrated about four inches and had
lodged in the spinal column, fhe wound
is serious and may prove fatal.
Barry said he had worked for eight years
in the Union Iron Works and then went
north. He had been working in Seattle,
Tacorna and other places on Puget Sound,
NEW TO-DAY.
f^"bTr&TrinnrraTrbTmro^^
, BRAG, BLUSTER — BLATHEBI
j DON'T MAKE A STORE.
JO Q
g '3r Men's, Boys' and Juvenile Suits at t
g /flxV\ the top notch of elegant style. We 3
g / i, 63 ' \ are proud of them; you will be too. oj
P r* 1 a I They are better suits than we have §
& A I ever sold at anything near their 3
§ \\.ST prices. : 1
i| M k \ ' ll ff To be sure, this 3
jo \\ fis\ lessens the profits 3
| £> \\ I T4\ that were only fair 3
•P v I> 1 fcl before, but we've «><
>=• £J >a [litj] before, but we ye oj
£ Men's sack suits iHV> counted the cost and 3
jo latest cut, swell \\\\ calculated the pos- 3
I 'STSKI'SJ •> li «Me results -a 1
jo the season, only ±J'^j greater clothing oj
r ' - — c. • business. The bene- 3
Jo Nobby Single-  . . 3
£ breasted Sack fit IS yours m preS- 3
B ? uit * 1 f £ r . bo -r? ent and future a
o from iz to 18 i  o
>° yr»., this week economy, and the a
g $8.50. net profits will be §
jo more to us from the ' 2]
!« larger business. oj
3
I Chicago 34 ' 36 ' 38 JSI 1
Iciothin^ and 4o 'Wr 1
ji Clothing KEAmsTi> : -*xg 1
£ Com pan v ■ c ° r - r p °"- Hit j|.
U Eton Juvenue suits, o)
jo variety of patterns, 3
f* matchless at $5. 3
V-X.»)l»iimnmimiiniD»mD«imina^ininm IM)i ]i^7
and returned to the City on Thursday.
He wa« stopping at the Union Hotel.
He had been drinking and refused to say
what led up to the shooting, but he de
clared that if he could rind the Chinese
who shot him he would kill him.
Lieutenant Bennett and a posse started
in pursuit of the Chinese.
FELL DOWN AN ELEVATOR
Ben Harris, the Messenger-Boy,
Dies at the Receiving
Hospital.
An Investigation by the Po ice Shows
That It Was the Resu.t of an
Accident.
Ben Harris, the messenger-boy, who fell
down an elevator shaft in the Ottington
House, 310 Stockton street, early ye&terday
morning, died at the Receiving Hospital
a few hours later, and his body was re
moved to the Morgue.
There was a rumor that the boy was the
victim of foal pJay, and Captain Lees de
tailed Detective Cody to make an investiga
tion. He did so, and his report is as
follows, which shows that the boy's death
was the result of an accident, due to the
carelessness of the employes of the Taylor
Furniture Company:
Mr. Bettis states that he is the landlord at
the Ottincton House, 310 Stockton street, and
that he left the house last night at 10 o'clock
and did not return until 12 o'clock, when he
learned that a boy had fallen down tne ele
vator. He went downstairs and found the boy
lying on the floor of one of the rooms and had
him removed to the Receiving Hospital. He
also stated that the Taylor Furniture Com
pany occupied the top floor, where the boy fell
from, as a wareroom, and that the janitor
sleeps there and a lady by the name of Davis
occui ies a room on that floor alongside of the
elevator.
The elevator door is on the left of Mrs. Davis'
and the janitor's door is on the right. The
three doors are only seven feet apart and there
is no light on that floor in the night time. He
further says that the boy must have made a
mistake and taken the elevator door for the
janitor's door. Finding It unlocked he opened
it and walked in and fell. The doors are not
sliding, they open west and close east and the
bar that goes across wss up instead of being
down so as to prevent any one from falling, for
Mr. Bettis examined it after the accident and
it wns up.
Mrs. Davis, the lady who sleeps next to the
elevator, heard the boy open the door of the
elevator and neard him fail against the aides
of the walls goiag down.
Charles Babcock, who rooms in the same
house and has an undertaking establishment
on Geary and Stockton streets, stutes that the
boy came to the door of the landlord and
knocked three or four times.
He told the boy the landlord was not in and
to go upstairs and find the janitor, which he
did. Mr. Babcock got up then and went to
the toilet-room, and while there he heard some
one fall down the elevator. He went and
found it was the boy. Mr. Martin, who sleeps
next to Babcock, heard the toy say he wanted
to get a key, and also heard Mr. Babcock tell
him to go and see the janitor.
Mr. Martin and Mr. Babcock then went to
gether and worked around the elevator until
they got the boy out and laid him on one of
the'room floors. They did not hear any other
person in the house but the boy at the time he
asked for the landlord. Mr. Babcook also went
with the boy to the Receiving Hospital and
went in a carriage and brought his parents to
see him. Mr. Martin and Mr. Babcock say that
it was an accident and blame the furniture
company for not having the doors leading to
the elevator locked.
George Reed, a messenger-boy, states that he
met Ben Harris last night (May 15) about
11 :30 o'clock on Surter street and Harris said :
"Wait, I am going to get a room for a fellow
and 1 will divide with you." They went to
310 Stockton street. Reed waiting outside
while Harris went in to eet the room. Reed
got tired waiting and went home. Reed says
the man Harris was to get the room for was
named Louie, and Harris told Reed he always
got his room for him.
Mr. Curtis, who works for the furniture com
pany, was unable to say whether he Dut the
crossbar on or not.
I viewed the premises upstairs and found it
is a rough place, with furniture scattered all
around and no light up there. A person could
easily by mistake take the elevator-door for
the janitor's door, for they are not far apart.
From my investigations, I am satisfied it was
an accident, and that it happened at the
Ottiugton House, not the Rossmore House.
Dropped Dead in Prison.
James Kilgore, a Chinatown roustabout,
walked into the California-street station yes
terday morning, announced that he was
drunk and desired to be locked up. His name
wns accordingly entered on the bie book and
Kilgore started on his way to cell 6. He had
proceeded but a few feet when suddenly throw
ing up his hands he dropped to the floor, and
before medical aid could be summoned died.
For nearly twenty years Kilgore has been a
frequenter of Chinatown, and incidentally is
well known to the police. How he managed to
make both ends meet is i.oi known, bat he
never appeared to be without a dollar.
Special Election Carried.
The special election to raise $22,500 by
direct taxation for school purposes held at
Berkeley yesterday was carried by a vote of
560 to '.><>. a majority was all that was
necessary to carry it.
NEW TO-DAY— DRY GOODS. .
ELEGANT
DRESS FABRICS
EXCEEDINGLY
LOW PRICES!
$5.25 Pattern.
175 FRENCH NOVELTY HO-
HAIR DRESS PATTERNS,
in all the very latest col-
orings. .
$7.00 Pattern.
150 SILK AND WOOL TWO-
TONED FRENCH DRESS
PATTERNS, all new mix-
tures, goods full 46 inches
wide.
$8.75 Pattern.
95 NOVELTY STRIPED MO-
' HAIR DRESS PATTERNS
(French manufacture), in
12 different colorings.
The above three lines of Novelty Dress Fabrics wo
have just received. They are on exhibition in our show
windows and for sale at our counters.
We have also opened 12 cases of NEW SERGES, full
45 inches in width, in all the leading shades, also black,
Price, 50c a Yard.
WRITE FOR SAMPLES OF ABOVE GOODS.
TELEPHONE 3Vt.A.13» S r 7'7 w 7 m
-^a^Sßfj^BnU^^^^^ \Sjk V • j
ill, 113, 115, 117. 119, 121 POST STREET.
A BUSINESS MAN,
Formerly a Druggist, has observed of late years
Very Remarkable Effects
jln a harmless compound of simple elements. He has never failed in quickly reliev-
ing, and generally curing, all Pain, Sore Throat. Burns, Boils, Bruises, Sprains, Piles,
Sores, Cuts, Sunburn, Insect Bites, Prickly Heat, etc., etc. Reduces the trouble from
all accidents and most Colds to a minimum. Ask for Mitchell's Magic Lotion and
study the directions. A "Lotion 1 " because soothing and healing. "Magic' because it
acts so quickly and surely.
MAGIC LOTION COMPANY, GEO. H. MITCHELL, Ph.G., Chemist and Manager.
uAZAAK ( M ...X-_^
THE HOMELIEST BABY |j """ m""" 1 1
Will look sweet In one of I -= rr? =£r * ft --—^ j $<(» _-~3^
our stylish Baby Cabs. J^=^~-> 1jS EL — Ij^f^"
THE PRETTIEST BABY nicyiun'
Will feel proud In one of Mil I V ! IS 11l II
our cheapest Carriages, lII* klblllllW
WE SHOW A CARLOAD H l ipTl fl M 0A I [
* S Assortment, not a few. AUCTION SALE
"V»iL, 100 BUILDING LOTS!
y~^\\\\"^ifTW^^^^^r ADJACENT TO THE
i^^^^^K^^ MISSION-STREET ELECTRIC ROAD,
ra|p||l||l^ MONDAY EVENING, MAY 25, 1896,
"**■* \//\ \^^lt4>,-A^^ At the Salesroom of
*^^j^r^ O'FARRELL & CO.,
All our Carriages have varnished bod- XI MONTGOMERY STREET,
lea, either wood or steel wheels, and Under Lick House.
Patent Brakes. - > * :
Canopy Top, RBttan Body 9 4 75 This property is the choicest portion of the Ex-
Ca S a x Ollßo<ly ' liPhOlSleredlnFa % 6 . 0 «™ Homestead, that beautiful and rapidly
Hood Top, Rattan Body, upholstered in iii- growing section oMlie city. It is only -J5 mln-
lanaise or Bedford lord ;.......$ 575 utes' ride from the City Hall, and a. 1 the lots are
Hood Top, Rattan . Body, fancy design, In nositivclr level and ready to build on.
Bedford Cord, Hush Roll ....$7 76 and *9 60 P° bl " vel *
Parasol or Hood lop, Rattan Boay, uphols- VAIT II IV V TUP DD I
t^red in Mllanalse or Bedford C0rd..... $10 00 1 1111 MAKE THE lIV if )v) !
Hood Top, Rattan Body, upholstered In Saline IVU UiailLJ IHU A UIVU .
A specialty iv carriage repairing. YAIMWIK P' TUT |»l>i{
Illustrated Catalogue on application. Ivt if I A IV U 1 lift 11111 L .
" ~ i The title is perfect and will bo pnaranteed by the
VI "^ . _ a* - California Title Insurance Company at the cost of
***^ $ - L mm Q -■ DO NOT FORQET THE DATE!
MONDAY EVENING. MAY 25, 1596,
\^m miih~'^» Send or call for Cata o;m>.
t • 1^ O'l'AllKKl-l, ,V CO., Auctioneer*.
M^^^ 1 1 Montgomery Street.
i^s DEWEY&co Weak Men and Women
V>9 C££UUS^LL^^G S"?e^ D Mex-Lo >A n ll ce V a NAIiITTKK? i 5» TUiS
I MARKET SJ.SI^K^ 1 Btrtn«u» to u>« b«xuai orgioa. * *""**THE KIDNAPING
MASTER JOHN LANDOR, 4
years old and every inch a man,
wore a debonair manner as he
strolled down Market street
with his nurse. He cairied his
head becomingly high, as little men
should, and despite his rather bored air,
which was perfectly in harmony with tbe
aristocratic circumstances of his domestic
and social life, tbe big brown eyes in his
head were wide open to every detail of
life in the moving street. That is why he
happened to observe that a hand-ume
young woman started in dazed surprise
when she met him, caught her breath and
with staring eyes, open mouth and a cer
tain hungry eagerness of face and attitnde
stood and gazed at him as ac passed non
chalantly on. Being a very handsome boy
and accustomed to the adulation of women,
he did not deign to look back or even to
wonder at the uncommon excitement dis
played by the beautiful stranger. As for
the nurse, she had seen nothing, possess
ing that comfortable order of dullness
tnat passes for valuable patience in the
conduct of children's nurses.
The startled woman, known in various
cities as Mile. Clarisse Chevalier, likely
A Handsome Young Woman, Showily Dressed, Started in Surprise Upon Meeting Master John.
would have fainted had not a gentleman ]
who noted her distress roused her with a
proffer of assistance.
'No!" she replied sharply and ungra- '
ciously, her whole manner instantly I
chancing to defiance and self-control and j
her brilliant black eyes flashing with im- j
patience and resentment, the strode on, I
turned to look at a shop display in a win- I
dow, cast a furtive glance in the direction I
which the boy and his nurse had taken,
and then, with a brave show of indiffer- j
ence, began to follow. It would have been j
evident to a very close observer that she!
was suffering. The drawn mouth corners, j
the dilated nostrils, the qnick breathing, !
the eager, burning eyes and a certain ir- |
regularity of step all* indicated distress.
"Why wait?" was what she whispered
to herself. "I know as much now as I .
can learn to-morrow. Tbe giri is as j
great a fool to-day as she will be next
week. Why not make the dash now? On, :
how beautiful he is! What strong little j
legs! What a manly walk! And his
wunderiul brown eyes and golden-brown
curia— l can't wait another day. They j
don't know I'm in town — or even alive. I |
don't care; I don't care what comes of it — j
I must have him now— now, this minute! j
O God, give me strength — my heart is
bursting!'
With that she gathered herself up, and j
with eyes of a wonderful luster plunged
boldly into her task. She presently over
took "the boy and his nurse, and with a
natural, easy and pleasant manner said to
the girl:
"Oh, I beg pardon! You art Mary, I
believe — the Landor3* nurse. Mrs. Lan
■i"r pantifUl me a moment ?.go lookine for
you, and when I told her I had seen you !
down the street she asked me to fetch the
little boy to her. She is waiting back
there. You know she and I are old
friends, bui I haven't seen her for a long
lime. Oh, by »j way, she said you
1 might spend the day and night with your
mother in Oakland, and she asked me to
band you this money. Come, little man,
your mamma is waiting. Good-by, Mary.'"
Her manner was so breezy, confident
, and sweeping that she carried the assault
1 without difficulty. Mary, gladdened with
rospectof a long holiday and with a
bright piece of silver in her hand, went
joyously and unsuspectingly on her way,
while little Master John, likely delighted,
after the way of his sex, with a new sen
i sation in the role of an exceptionally
pretty and dashing woman, permitte I her
hand to seize his with rather a too severe
pressure and himself to be led away in
triumph.
Perhaps he was too youthful and inex
.'■ed to observe that her elegant
clothes were too pronouncealy fashion
able that the color of her lips and cheeks
Lightly too robust, and that in her face
anner was a certain hardness quite
uncommon in the refined set to which he
was accustomed. Possibly had he noticed
things they would have made the
womae all the more attractive in his eyes.
Certainly her dash and swing were capti
vating, and the free grace of her move
ments and the hands- pine face and tall
distinguished figure might have made a
conquest of an older man than he. As
they moved rapidly along, hurrying to es
capr into a quiet street, Master Joan was
rather proud to see that the men whom
they met stared at his conductor as he had
never seen them stare at other women,
and he was pleased to note the complete
indifference whic i his companion exhib
ited for these blunt and forward attentions.
After a while she hurried up a flight of
stairs and into handsomely appointed
rooms. She instantly locked the door,
dashed off hei hat, tore her gloves to
shreds in her baste to remove them, flung
herself on her knees at Master John's feet
and clasped him to her bo--orn. She held
him thus tightly and in silence until he
began to struggle for freedom, and then
followed a remarkable scene.
"Where is mv muwer?" he demanded.
"Your mother, boy; your mother? Oh,
sho 11 be along pretty soon!"
The woman was new choking and sob
bing, and, again drawing the boy to her
and kissing him hungrily again and again
she brokenly said:
"That is all right, my boy; you'll see
her very soon. Look at me Look me
straight in the eyes . . . like that."
She held his pretty rosy cheeks between
her bands and each gazed steadily into the
eyes of the other, she through her tenrs,
he wondering and admiring, but dis
tressed.
"And yonr name is Johnny," she said,
growing calmer; "but I am going to call
you Jaclr."
"My name isunt Johnny an' it isunt
Jack," be replied with sturdy dignity ana
visible offense. "It'b John— John Edward
Liiiidor. 1 '
Her eyes twinkled and she laughed de
lightedly. Then she caught him in her
arms again and kissed him and cried until
he indignantly demanded to be freed.
Upon that she cajoled, petted and humored
him and ran and fetched some candy, and
with jests and laughter tempted him with
it, but he stoutly said :
"No, tank you; I take candy from no
body but jus' my mnvver. "
Si'ip siopped as though he had struck
her. Then she again dropped to her knees,
THE SAX FRAXCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY 17, 1896.
again took liis pretty cheeks between her I
hands and ag;iin each gazed steadily into
the eyes of the other.
"You have brown eyes, John," she said
very softly and gently and sadly, "and
your father has gray eyes, has he riot?"
"Yes."
"And your mother has blue eyes?"
"Yes, 1 fink so."
'■Do you like my black eyes, John?"
Unfortunately, at that moment her
eyes, always brilliant and sparkling, held
a certain eager lire that tilled the iad witti
uneasiness.
"No," he answered; "I like my muv
ver's eyes."
"But, John," she pleaded, clutching
him with unconscious force and devour
ing his face with her insatiable eyes, "you
could love me very much, couldn't you?
You do love me a "little now, John, don't
you?"
"No!" he exclaimed, impatiently. "I
jus' love my inuvver. Where is she? I
want her." With that he pushed her away.
She flung herself upon the doof and
wept in a transport of anguish, while he
stood looking on in surprise and alarm, ]
bis line breeding giving him nevertheless j
a cool, half-pitying, half-scornful self-pos
ses>ion.
Her agony was of short duration, and
she rose smiling and brilliant again. Her
tears and handkerchief had long ago left
her face white, even pallid; but now a
bright flush was rising and it lent a special
charm to her bold, showy beauty. She
bustled about, chatting, laughing, sing
ing— employing every artifice to hold the
boy's attention and avoiding any mention
of his mother.
Master John was too wise to fall under
these lures. He had become suspicious,
and was now obdurate and ugly.
She flew at him and caught him angrily
by the arms.
"Bah!" she cried, "that is the damned
father in you, and you have that same cold
sneering mouth of his that I hate worse
than hell!" and she flung the child from
her and stood glaring at him, trembling
an.i terrible.
But lor a moment only. She broke into
a laughter that was half sobbing and
wholly hysterical, and before his trembling
lips could open for sobs which he was try
ing so manlully to suppress she was trans
formed into a cyclone of jollity and diver
sions. He regarded her with a painful
mixture of wonder, fear and admiration as
she rattled off thrilling stories of giants
and fairies, and he relaxed when she
wheedled him to ncr side for the close in
spection of beautiful picture books, while
she petted and soothed him and stole an
arm around him and pressed him tenderly
to her breast. And the kisses that fell so
gently on his hair and forehead and cheek,
and the tender caresses of her hand as it
passed from his hair to his neck and to his
face and hands, and the overwhelming flood
of affection that was poured out upon him
from her eyes and voice and spirit, all led
him for a time away from the central
thought that lay deep "and strong within
him.
Lacking in the finer skill of the art and
being guided largely by an overmastering
affection that must develop what tact it
could and no design whatever, the
wretched woman carried her part too far.
Suddenly the former distrust and alarm
returned to Master John's face and he im
periously demanded:
"Where is my rouvver?"
Clarisse sank back in her chair and
moaned helplessly.
•'You tol' me my muwer was comin',"
said Ma-ter John imperiously.
"Yes, John, that is what she told me,
you know," she replied hurriedly. "Of
course she has been detained." The
woman turned white as she added in a
voice hardiy above a whisper: "If your
j mother doesn't come in a few minutes
: your father will be here in an hour or two.
! 1 give you my word for that."
There mu*t have boon something in the
woman's manner that touched the child's
heart, for pity came into his eyes and he
stepped close to her and for the first time
gave a demonstration of interest and sym
pathy. Her eyes glowed with ineffable
happiness as he laid his hand in hers and
I said :
"I didn't mean to hurt your feelin's.
You know, ray muwer, she's awful carc
j ful about me, an' she tol' me never to let
i any lady what I didn't know talk tc me on
street."
The look of joy faded from the woman's
face, but ali the tenderness remained.
"John," she asked, "did she warn you
again9t any particular woman?"
"1 fink," he answered, thoughtfully,
"she said I musunt speak to any lady
what was tall an' booful an' had bright
k eyes."
The boy was not looking into her face
i just then, but was regarding Her hand,
which he thouEhtfully Btroked while striv
inc to remember the warning he had re
ceived. Perhaps it was to hide her face
that Clarisse buried it in the small shoul
! der of Master John and stifled her sobs
while her teara streamed down his velvet
jacket.
While he wns in this quiet and thought
: ful mood something else came into his
mind.
"What is you' name?" he inquired. "I
never saw you at our house."
Thereupon he tried to dislodge her face
from his shoulder to maKe a deliberate in
spection of her, but she held him all the
firmer and remained concealed. She
evaded his question.
They had grown much closer in spirit
now. The woman's frenzy in its various
forms had passed and her heart had
settled down into a sweet sense of the
child's possession, tampered with vague
bitter reflections upon the past and future.
But the sweetness of the present was
siillicient, and in that her soul was bathed.
Illuminating all other feelings was her
triumphant realization that in spite of all
the wild and uncontrollable vagaries of her
conduct that day she had achieved a long
march in the conquest of the child. "I
am winning him," she said over and over
in her heart, "and he will love me, he will
love me!"
She held him there, still keeping her
face concealed, and gently leading his
mind into other ways. With infinite tact
and sweetness she coaxed him into talk
ing of his own affairs, and she held her
self under perfect control when he spoke
of his father and mother.
Presently she became aware that dark
ness was falling. She released the child,
lighted the rooms brilliantly and gave
him an abundance of good things to eat,
she joining him in the feast. Two chil
dren were never happier. The boy seemed
to have forgotten ail about his home in
the glowing life and radiance which filled
the place. Never had a companion so
sparkling and charming, so various, daz
zling and beautiful appeared to bis expe
rience. Their jests and pranks and stories
and laughter were ringing at their height
when the doorbell sounded. The woman
quailed, shrank and turned white. She
caught the child in her arms, kissed him
violently and said:
"John, your father has come."
This instantly recalled the boy from his
dre*m.
"I want him," he eagerly said.
The woman led him into the drawing
room, seated him and went out and admit
ted three men— a detective, a policeman
and Mr. John Edward, Landor, capitalist
and gentleman.
"Master John is here with me," the
woman quietly remarked, "and we have
been enjoying a very delightful visit with
each other. Will you enter, gentlemen?
I have been expecting you. ~I am very
sorry if I have caused you any inconven
ience, but I knew that as the trail which t
always leave is very broad and easily fol
lowed you would have little difficulty in
finding us. By tt c way, Mr. Lundor, that
intelligent nursegirl of yours is spending
the day with her mother." Her laugh was
hard and malicious.
"Take us to the boy, Clarisse," the detec
tive bluntly commanded.
"By all means. Enter, gentlemen."
She led iheru into the shining drawing
room, and Master John with a cry and a
bound sprang into his father's arms, where
he was held strongly and securely wjiile
Mr. Landor glared savagely at the woman
i-taiuUng so deliant and sneering before
him.
"I am greatly obliged to you, gentle
men," said he to the officers, "and will
now leave you to do your duty."
The woman pricked up her ears at that.
"Come, Clarisse," commanded the detec
tive. "Get yoiir hat and cloak."
"Why?" she exclaimed, beginning to
show a fierce aspect.
"You may need them on the way to the
pr^on."
"What am I charged with?"
"To-morrow Mr. Landor will swear to a
complaint for abduction."
The woman started.
"And that means that his money and
power will send me to the penitentiary."
"That is exactly what it means," re
marked Mr. Landor, the coldness and
hardness of hi*- sneering mouth comport
ing oddly with tbe malignant and im
placaole hatred that blazed in his gray
eyes. "You will be placed where you will
be unable to steal my son."
"Your son! O God, that is true! I did
not abduct him. l'ou dog, you coward,
you beast ! You know I am" defenseless.
You know I was only exercising a right
that la the most sacred on this earth."
"l suppose you have told him," Mr.
Landor said.
"I have told him nothing, hound 1 lam
not so low as that."
Her manner then suddenly underwent
a change. Tears sprane to her eyes and
poured down her cheeks. "Surely," she
pleaded humbly, "you will not send me
up. It was only a little prank, John. I
couldn't help it— upon my soul, I couldn't
help it. Was it not enough that you
robbed me of our baby and sent me adrift
an outcast? I will "never speak to him
again, John, but will co away to-morrow
and never come back." She came near and
laid one hand on his arm and the other on
the shoulder of Master Joun. "Pon't be
hurd on me. Remember the happy old
days, John. I meant no harm."
•'Gentlemen, do your duty." coldly said
Mr. Landor, as he contemptuously shook
the woman off and started tor the door.
She stood rigid and dozed, but a strange
incident revived her. Master John wrig
gled unexpectedly and with so much vigor
that he escaped from his father's arms and
ran to Clarisse, who instantly caught him
up. He threw his arms round her neck
and kissed her.
"You are very naughty tccall my fahver
a beast and a dog." he said, in a playfully
chiding tone, '"cause he isunt, you
know."
"Ye«, yes, John; I know," she respond
ed, returning his caress a hundredfold.
"You love me, don't you, John?" she
pleadingly asked.
"Oh, yes."
"Very much?"
"Oh. ever so many times much!"
She threw a swift iook of triumph at
Mr. I^andor.
"And you will always remember me and
love me?"
'Yes, jus' as long as I live."
The asony oi love that went into the
kisses with which she now smothered the
child may not be measured by men.
She surrendered the boy. and with a
look of infinite sweetness and sadness saw
him borne out of the room iv the arms of
his father.
"Good-by, John," she called.
"Good-bv." came back the parting word
in a childish voice whose music sang in
her soul.
Then she stood, radiant, transfixed and
beautiful, the embodiment of womanly
grace and loveliness. She was recalled to
herself by an impatient order:
"Hurry up. Clarisse."
She started, moaned and staggered into
the next room. She was heard to open a
drawer, and in another moment the two
officers were startled by a pistol shot.
They sprang to the door.
"We are too late," said the detective.
MICE THAT LIKE MUSIC.
The Little Vlnitors of a liny Fp in Har
lem Who In p< a Mn.ii- Uoz.
A small boy up in Harlem has been
amusing himself a good deal lately with
the mic3 which he finds about the cup
boards in the kitchen. Last Christmas
Santa Claua broueht him a little music
box, which played two or three tunes
when the crank was turned. The boy
played it night and day, and would have
taken it to school had his mother not for
bidden it. One evening just before bed
time, say 7:45 o'clock, he sat on the floor
cross-legged and turning the tuneful
crank. All of a sudden, his mother, who
was sitting by the table, leaped up on her
chair with a scream.
It is a curious fact that house mice de
light in mnsic boxes and other musical
things, and three of them had come out of
a hole and were running all about the boy,
who hail not noticed them, so busy was he
playing the music box. The mice scurried
away at the snriek. The next night when
tie boy played the mice soon came onto
the floor and raced back and forth. Now
the mice are very tame, and are fed occa
sionally by the boy.
A Forest and Stream writer once put an
automatic music box out on the grass, and
spent many hours watching the robins,
bluebirds and other birds gathering about
it. A lookinc-g'ass, put up where the
birds can see themselves in it, is also very
attractive, while a combination of a music
box and a loonine-glass pleasea the birds
more than anything el 3« one could put
out for their amusement.
Story OF
LEVI BURR
THE CRABMAN
THERE was a time when Levi Burr
was one ot the best-known men in
all California. But that was long,
long ago. So long ago in fact that
at the present day very few peo
ple even know of his existence. To those
who do remember him, though, the men
tion of his name will be enough to conjure
up visions of steaming plates of the most
delicious crab that was ever cooked and
served in San Francisco, and through the
mists of years they will see the iittie two
storied building on North Beach where
crowds flocked daily to do homaee to the
incomparable preparer of shellfish. Levi
is there yet, but the old crabman's place
is not what it used to be.
Levi Burr was a pioneer of '49. He
came from Connecticut, where he was
born in 1807, and as soon as he arrived
here saw that good focd was scarce and
luxuries scarcer. He had learned to cook
craD as they do "down East," and his
Yankee instinct told him that he could
get as much gold out of the shellfish as he
could out of the mountains.
It did not t.iKe long to stake out a claim
on North Beach and put up a tent. In
one end of this he had his kitchen and in
the other were tables for his customers,
where they could sit and enjoy the beauties
of the bay over a plate of crab and a bottle
of ale. Whoever tasted Levi's crab was
sure to want more. They also brought
their friends around and "the fame oJ the
place spread like wildfire.
In less than a year Levi Burr was known
far and wide as" "the crabman," and his
business thrived so that he was able to
put up a two-story building, which at the
time was considered a palace. He also
provided amusements of different kinds
and the bay shore for several hundred
feet on either side of his place became
a sort of Midway Plaisance. As the
locality was improved it gradually became
the fashionable promenade of San Fran
cisco, and the promenaders, whenever
they became tired or hungry, simply
dropped into the crabman's to refresh
themselves. On Sundays the roadway in
front of the place was almost impassable,
so dense was the crowd, and people often
waited for an hour to get a seat at a table.
In 1555 there was such a demand for
Levi's crab that he was compelled to
double the size of his building. He
cooked several hundreds of the shellfish
every day. But how? Ah, that was
something that he would tell nobody. It
was his secret and has remained his ever
since. Hundreds of epicures, men who
had traveled all over the world, have
tasted Levi's crab and declared it the
finest they had ever eaten.
As the years went by gold poured in on
Levi Burr, and he was soon a wealthy
man. He never owed anybody a dollar
and his business seemed to be constancy
on the increase in spite of the fact that
Levi Bnrr. the Old Crahman of North Beach.
[Sketched from life.]
dozens of men tried to cut into it. They
would start "crab places" within a few
hundred feet of Levi's, but none of them
ever got much custom. For a while people
would go into the places, but they soon
found that there was something lacking in
the plates of crab set before them, and
they went back to the old reliable crab
man's.
The first cat really made at Levi's busi
ness was not by his neighbors, but by the
Cliff House and Golden Gate Park, these
places got people out of the habit of going
to North Beach and a change began to
come over the locality. But it was such a
slow one that Levi could not }>cc the real
extent of it. Factories began to come out
that way and the whole aspect of that Bec
tion of town beean to take on a commer
cial tone.
Had Levi Burr's foresight been as good
LEVI BURR'S RESORT ON NORTH BEACH IN 1852.
{From a tketch made at the time by C. S. Gifford.]
l in 1879 as it was in 1849 he would have
| been a wealthy man to-day. He would
I have taken his business to some of the
! new places, and not waited for things to
| "pick up" again on North Beach. In
stead of that, he thought the change
j would be only a temporary one, and that
in time people would come bacK his way
and bring with them the golden days of old.
i So he refused many good offers for the sale
iof his property, and hung on, losing
money every day and growing oider all
I the time until his business died a natural
death for lack of customers.
It is now many years since Levi Bvrr
closed the doors of his place of business.
Present Appearance of Levi Burr's Old Saloon Where He Served Crab for Nearly
Thirty Years
[Drawn by a ''Call" arti.*t.]
But he still lives there, and except for the
accumulation of dust and natural decay
the place looks the same as it did
in the olden days. There have been
no changes made in the building since
1555, bui nobody who had seen it
then would recognize it now because the
surroundincs nave changed so. When
Levi built the house the waters of the
bay were only a few feet from his door.
Now they are several blocks off and so
concealed by buildings that they cannot
be seen. The place where the boatmen
for the Merchants' Ship Exchances used
to have their wharf and tie their boats is
now a vacant lot, overgrown with weeds
and covered with a coating of old tin cans
and rubbish. On all sides are factories,
grain warehouses and wharves.
Considering its great age the old build
i ing does not show much sign of decay, but
j everything about the place has a melan
■ choly aspect. The paint has nearly all
disappeared from the outside of the build
ing, and it presents a most desolate ap
-1 pearance. Nobody ever steps briskly
jon the porch now and enters the hos-
I pitable doorway.
The door is locked, but old Levi is
always inside thinking of byjone days.
'. He spends his time in this room with all
j of its mementos of the past.
The windows have not been cleaned for
j a decade and the sunlight strucgles
through the glass and falls feebly on the
old furnishings. The same old bar is there
that was put in nearly halt a century ago,
and on the shelf behind it the same old
bottles, empty now, with the colored crys
tal globes in the top. Scattered about the
room are the old chairs in which some of
the most famous men in the State have sat
and the old tables where Levi once served
his crab.
Levi was an admirer of pictures in his
day and the walls of his place are bung
with the productions of some of the first
artists to arrive in the State. There is a
large one over the bar from the brush of
John Rogers. It represents t.he bay of
San Francisco as it appeared in 1850,' and
is most likely the first picture ever
painted of that body of water. There are
numerous works by C. A. Gifford. and any
number of pictures that are unsigned-
All are hanging in the same places they
were first hung years and years ago. In a
corner is a copy of the Declaration of
Independence that Levi prizes very
highly. It is one of the first copies of
that important document ever made,
it having been printed in 1818. On differ
ent parts of the wall are campaign por
traits of the different candidates for the
Presidency. Every one of them has long
ago finished his "term of office in this
world.
Considering the fact that Levi Burr is
M) years old he is in a remarkabls state of
health. He can walk about wherever he
pleases assisted only by a stick. His mem
ory is very clear, and he loves to talk
about the old days.
He spends all of his time in the room
where he used to serve crab, wandering
among his old belongings. He often sits
in a chair for hours at a time, gazing in-
tently about, as if endeavoring to again
people it with the happy and contented
feasters of long, long ago.
HOMAGE TO BRAVERY
Two Good Stories of the War Times of
a Generation Ago.
The Rev. Robert W T ilson of St. Luke's
Episcopal Church says:
"In 1883 I met in Richmond a Colonel
McCoy of Pennsylvania, who had been a
gallant wearer of the blue. We got quite
chummy over a 'mixed wood' campfire,
and wishing to put him at his ease, I told
him the story of Kershaw's magnificent
reconnois3ance at Fredericksburg, which
can never be too often repeated. An
orderly Lad arrived in hot haste
with a command for General Ker
snaw to have the enemy recon
noitered at all hazards from a knoll which
was swept by the lire of the sharpshooters
of both armies. Every bush and tree
had been cut away by a storm of bullets,
and it looked like certain death to tbe
man who should attempt it. Calmly
slinging his field glass, and turning over
his command to the next officer in rank.
Joseph B. Kershaw rode slowly up to the
deathtrap into which he would not send
any other man. The sight of his heroic
action as he sat amid the whistling
minies, sweeping the opposing ranks with
his glass, was too much for the chivalry
of tbe Yankee commander, and the order
went down the Federal line, 'Cease firing
on that oiricer.' The rifles became silent,
the reconnoissance was finished, and rais
ing his cap in acknowledgment, General
Kershaw quietly rode back at a walk, un
harmed."
"It was a splendid incident," remarked
Colonel McCoy, "but I can cap it with a
personal experience of the chivalrous dis
position of your men. I was on General
Meade's staff near Richmond, and one
morning, with the general at our head,
we rode down to take a look over the
river. As we turned sharply out of
the bushes and came out on the
bank we found ourselves in point
blank range of a Confederate picket
drawn up on the otner side. A volley
would have emptied every saddle, for we
were entirely at their mercy, but it would
have been murder, for they could not
cross and capture us. Recognizing Gen
eral Meade, the commander of the detach
ment ordered his men into line, and they
presented arms. We raised our caps in
grateful acknowledgment, rode slowly
back into the bushes, and, as soon as we
were fairly out of sight, put spurs to our
horses and scudded back to the camp as if
the devil was after us." — Charleston News
and Courier.
A Waniinc to Tipplers.
Old Johnson was very much given to
"tippling," not wisely but too well, and
would spend all bis spare time at his favor
ite pub.
His house was so situated that it was
necessary for him to go through the
churchyard to reach it. One night, being
a bit fuller than usual, he managed to fall
into a newly made grave. He fell without
hurting himself, and being tired went off
to sleep. When he awoke the next morn
ing he* couldn't make out where he got to,
but after a struggle managed to reach the
top of the grave and look around.
A broad grin spread over his face as he
muttered to himself:
"Dear, dear, it's resurrection day, and
I'm up first." — Spare moments.
1718
THE SPRING
EXHIBITION OF NEW YORK
SPRING has come to New York.
Not the fresh, green, exuberant
spring of California, but a spring
that is timid and deprecating.
The trees in the park are quite
bare and black against the sky, but
as you drive or walk under them you
observe that every branch and twig boasts
April's livery of tiny green buttons. The
air is soft and warm and the streets have
■n after-Easter gayety. For the vivid,
rare brilliance of the grass after our first
rain* in California, for the gorgeous burst
of flowers, look to the bonnets of the
women. Veritable roof-gardens sway past
on the street, in carriage. I*,1 *, in the cars.
Every one is out enjoying this breath of
the phenomenal early summer. The park
is crowded wilh rider?, who come thunder
ing down the hard paths, with the silver
bicycle dashing in and ovit between them,
almost under the horses' hoofs.
The streets are alive with posters — post
ers for the opera, the theaters and con
certs; every one runs; everywhere there
is a crowd.
The picture exhibitions are the single
exceptions. Here the crowd penetrates in
straggling croups of but three or four. Of
course, the opening day is over and done
with. The fashionable world has paid its
formal call; the charming little rooms of
the Society of American Artists, the more
pretentious halls of the academy bloom in
a picturesque quiet.
The home of the society is under the
shadow of Carnegie Hall, with the sun
slanting on its gray tiled roof. It is per
haps irreverent to sneak of the society
first, when the academy is so much its su
perior in point of age. The society occu
pies the position relative to the academy
that the new salon of the Champs Ge Mars
does to the old salon of the Champs Ely
sees. Ihe academy represents the sobriety,
the convention, "sometimes the dignity,
generally the dullness of art— the society
represents the youth, the freshness, the
brilliance, as frequently the extravagance
and audacity. Tne academy is the past,
the society the future.
The exhibition of the society covers tne
walls of but three rooms; two of them con
tain pictures bung in but two lines: in the
centra! galleries are statuettes, busts and a
few miniatures! In ail there are but -46
numbers in the catalogue.
The tirst piance us we step into the first
room gives one the impression of lipht —
light— light pouring from every canvas. It
is like stepping into a room with a hun
dred windows — the frame has the same re
lation to the picture that a window-frame
has to the outside world — it concentrates,
it composes, it limits the vision.
When I close my eyes I s-e the Hopkins
hou-e in San Francisco, where the spring
exhibition must now be holding high
revel. I contrast the frescoes, the heavy
decorations, the wooden panels, the crim
son and gold and magenta, the light
streaming in from the unshaded windows,
With these quiet, cool room?, the soft,
vague absence of color on the walls, and I
pray for indulgence for the unhappy
artists condemned to exhibit under such
disadvantages. It mi;rht be as well tocon
trast also these 246 pictures with those I
have so often seen in San Francisco. At
home we are most of us experimenting,
groping in the dark — this New York exhi
bition is so choice, so delicate, «o assured.
The inevitable superficial colored canvas is
araraavis; everywhere we find the sin
cerity ot determined effort, sincerity per
haps to false ideals or temporary lights,
but always sincerity.
In the first room there are pictures by
three one-time Californians— a landscape
by Mary Brady, a portrait by Emil Carl
sen, several figure studies by' Guy Rose.
Miss Brady has achieved a distinct suc
cess. Her "Sand Dunes in California" are
unmistakably under a Monterev sky.
The iight is very sharp and keen, the
drawing in the middle distance — the edges
of tne shore, the flat smoothness of the
rocks — is remarkable, everything is at
once hard and bright; even the green of
the rough shrubs is crude but true. The
water is a littl*- indefinite, a little woolly,
but the canvas i« so vital it makes the por
traits and landscapes around it seem
washed in watercolor or painted on paper.
The portrait by Emil Carlsen is that of a
young woman in a yellowish brown waist
and a black skirt. She rests one hand on
a table with a blue cloth. An inkwell
breaks its flat surface. The other hand
hangs over the back of her chair. In the
background— that large, rlat, empty back
ground Mr. Carlsen loves to paint because
truly so few can paint it— is the drawing
of a column that is not part of a Greek
temple, but simply an accident of Mr.
Carlsen's immense, bare studio which he
has used to balance his composition.
The portrait— outside of the distinction
of color which Mr. Carlsen never fails to
render — has a di-tinction of character in !
•which he is not always successful. The |
bead is that of a clear-eyed, self-reliant,
determined American woman, drawn as
Manet would draw it — witn yerv few colors,
very flat surfaces, all the finer modeling
in the edges between the light and shadow,
the brow hard, the eyes set well in the
head, the nose and chin drawn with firm
but delicate touches.
"The Moth," by Guy Rose, represents a
little winged nude figure. She has tlown
into a dimly lighted room and lies prone
on her face, her wings broken and singed.
Ii is a very modern room into which she
has fluttered, with sofa cushions and most
ordinary chairs, and through the window
we see the trees in Washington Square.
The contrast of ideal and real is a little
harsh.
There is another canvas called "The
Annunciation," rather like a colored
Christmas card, apparently a young wo
man feeding pigeons and a dim lady in
a wedding veil superintending. Mr. Rose
is happier when be confines himself to
less ambitious subjects. The solemnity of
the subject makes the treatment trivial,
his delicate color becomes thin and inef
fective.
The most important portrait in the
exhibition is that of the little daughter of
,T. M. Sears by John S. Sargent. It
is not Sargent at his best, but it cheapens
every other portrait in the room. I must
..pologize for all the drawings, which were
mere scratches made hurriedly. Special
permission from the artist is required be
fore any reproduction of his work is al
lowed. I have attempted only the ar
rangement of the masses.
The child is 16 white, her feet are
crossed, her hand stretched forward for
the flowers. The canvas is a big sketch,
but across the room it is remarkably
decorative, and the little white figure
stands so firmly it seems absurd to remarfc
at closer range the slippery drawing in the
little silk stockinged legs, the thinness of
the brass jars which reflects like glass and
is as indefinite. As a portrait it leaves a
sli"ht feeling of dissatisfaction. The child
is a child, not the child. There is a cer
tain lack of interest— a certain weariness
about it— the artMic question was absorb
ing, t.e human child was a bore.
The brush work is always maddening in
-JS^ PICTURES AT TH E jHCrtDEPIY . "
WD THE SOCIETY OF S
AMERICAN ARTIST § '
its simplicity — a photograph could not be
more direct— here there is no mystery of
glazing, no tricks of technique. The cloud
of blonde hair, the vague blue eyes, the
loose little crimson lip?, even tiie gesture,
the reach of the small hands for the tlowers
is spiritless— but what spirit in the paint
ing of all of them — what a touch of liquid
color in the eyes, in the moist lips; what
creamy whiteness to the dress; what a sug
gestion of bis loose-leaved flowers!
There are two little pictures ot moonlight,
one by Louis Dessar, the other by Frank
Herrmann. There is the Contrast between
artificiality and truth. \V:iistler is re
sponsible for one, nature for the other.
"The E'taples Harbor," withmisty ships,
misty houses, water without surface, has
nothing to distinguish it from a thousand
fal*e "impressions"' done by a thousand
clever men and women.
The "Holland Night" by Mr. Herrmann,
with its empty, colorless sky, the Jittle
gray houses huddled together, the sug
gestion of little figures hushing by in the
deserted street, even the light of an orange
moon just rising over the housetops— how
carefully it is all painted, how simply ren
dered, -with how little regard for the ap
proval of the crowd. And then a small
and unpretentious canvas by the same
artist han^rs in the opposite corner. Two
little Dutch figures in a doorway, a boy
and a girl in grays and browns, a win low
in the background has a bright yellow
shade and the two heads are modeled
against it so simply, with so much feeling
and naivete.
Poor Theodore Robinson, who died on
the 2d of April, has five landscapes,
crowned with the laurel wreath which
tells us that he, at least, has "arrived."
To live for ten years on the verge of the
grave, to go on working to the very last—
for one canvas bears a date of this
very spring— not to show by a touch
too little the ideal of the task
to which he had set himself—
here we have the modern soldier, brave,
cheerful, genial and as indifferent to the
terrors of the transition from this world to
the next as though it meant simply a walk
acioss the street. There is not one somber
canvas, everywhere the light prevails— the
figures of the women folding the linen on
the grass, the spotted hillsides of Ver
mont, full of the human interest of log
cabins and field and path; the "Little
Mill." which has a beautiful quality of
actual technique rather d fferent from the
vivid, rather woolly use of paint Mr. Rob
inson preferred (alas, for the past tense!).
All of these are painted with the cheerful
sunlight penetrating every corner.
And as we are telling of heroes, there is
a little dark head by Thomas Hovenden.
Every one will remember the thrill of
horror arid painful admiration with which
the death of poor Tom Hovenden was
greeted. A line close to so interesting a
career! Hovenden hurled himself in front
of a train in order to save a child, and was
himself crushed to death— a more heroic
but hardly a braver end than that of poor
Robinson.
J. H. Twachtman is another hero. He
has painted a canvas of "Waterfalls,"
boldly attacking a subject worn to a
chromo in the past and sacred to cheap
gold frames and red plush bindings. The
waterfall has been resurrected. How
freshly he has painted it; with what mod
ern feeling; what a spark of beautiful
color!
Millard Metcalf is the winner of the
Webb prize. The annual Webb prize of
$300 is given for the best landscape
painted by an American artist under 40
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY 17, 1896.
y^ars of age. The prize was instituted in
1887 by Dr. Seward Webb of New York.
Mr. Metcalf is cleverness itself. He has
half a dozen small pictures— "Children on
a Ferry Landing"; a "Wild Mustard
field," with phantom sails and water and
hills over the edge of the fields; a little
"Midsummer Afternoon," with a distant
shore deaming through trees, with little
houses and blue water and -white sails; an
"Inner Harbor"— here we have great logs
floating down the smooth, oily stream.
'The Gloucester Haroor" has won the
WeDb prize— a dull sky, the inevitable
water full of the little quivering reflections
he paints so well, littie white houses on
the banks, the foreground a la Monet.
>\ hat remarkable things can be done with
fresh splashes of paint and so littie varia
tion of a general theme!
George R. Barse has a beautiful nude
figure in pastel; it is called a "Study
for Phryne"— a firm and delicate
drawing, marvelous in its solidity when
we consider the medium; the figure stands
airainst a lavender drapery, the face hid
den and the beautiful hair cou fined by the
golden bands.
Frank Benson has a decorative figure of
Summer, which has been purchased by the
Shaw fund— a yearly contribution of $1600
aeyoted to the purchase of a composition
painted in oil by an American artist, an<l
the picture becomes the property of Sam
uel T. Shaw, the donor ot the fund. The
"Summer" is a charming figure 111 white
draperies that are low in tone but luminous
a r ainst the dull blues and greens of the
background.
Tt is not possible to even touch upon
each canvas in so delightful an exhibition
—there is a Dewing retined almost out of
existence, painted in laze upon glaze; a
portrait by Frances Houston distinguished
in pose, a woman in pale green, the face
blooming against a great tapestry flower
behind her. Mrs. MacMonnies, wife of the
sculp f .or, has two decorative figures — The
Breeze and Diana. The Breeze is a draped
figure swaying against a background of
soft blue. The folds of the drapery have
a sculptured force, with a fine, free move
ment. Robert Reid has a nude all in a
shimmer of hula and a Spring all in a
rainbow of color.
Mrs. Kenyon Cox has her small son
Leonard drawn as Kenyon Cox himself
might draw it, with infinite care and
study, with great delicacy, with very little
tenderness.
"Little God Pan," by Will Sur, would
make a charming illustration; but is an
artificial study, with lalse purple shadows
which suggest the necessity of condemn
ing the "Little God Pan" to a sojourn in
the leper settlement in Molokai.
All in all it is an exhibition to be proud
of; if it recalls foreign masters it is only
imitative at a respectful distance, as all
modern work suggests the influence of the
few men who have made their impress
uoon the time — Manet dead. Whistler and
Monet living.
In the academy we breathe a little more
freely. We may descend from the heights.
Here are all the familiar faces — the thick,
oiiy, dark landscape of fifty years ago; the
mythological figure as smooth as a porce
lain painting, with immense long-lashed
eyes, a tiny mouth and a yearning ex
pression: the Spanish Beauty' or the Greek
Slave, as you will. One "or two small
sparkling landscapes hung high seem to
defy the hanging committee to do their
worst. They shine in delightful contrast
to large and heavy studies of landscapes
bun.' beneath them.
The first canvas to greet the unwary
visitor is the rather gloomy production
entitled "The Two Great Eras," by that
extremeiy clever young San Franciscan,
Eric Pape. It bears the legend: "The
people that walked in darkness have
seen a great light. They that dwell in the
land of the shadow of death," etc.
It is an enormous canvas— Night in
Egypt, the great Sphinx, pilent, gigantic
and impressive, with the pyramids in van
ishing perspective. At the foot of the
sphinx is the dark figure of a woman with
a light shining around the child hidden in
her shawl. In the distance are tents and
the suggestion of a caravan, halting for
the night. The daylight pours pitilessly
upon this great, flat, dark night, depriv
ing it of whatever depth and mystery it
may have possessed in the painter's studio.
The Era of Christianity, as represented by
the very small figure of the Virgin, is
rather overwhelmed by the savage mys
tery of the colossal Sphinx, which, even
with the disadvantage of the harsh light,
seems to be admirably painted.
There are yards and yards of paintings;
now and then the attention is attracted
and held. Carlton Chapman has a tiny
canvas painted with photographic fidelity.
"The Casino at Narragansett" gleams with
the sharp brightness of gay dresses, the
smart trappings of grooms and horses
and carts. Walter Shirlaw has the con
ventional Holland canvas, soberly painted
in dull grays and browns, a woman and
chila with the inevituble sabots like water
buckets in the foreground.
There is a remarkable battle scene called
"Into the Fight," by Thomas Trego.
It is apparently bloodless, except for the
color of the horses, these astonishing ani
mals having turned a deep crimson, with
ferocity perhaps, or the effect of reflection
from the pools of gore the artist has not
painted.
Next to it is a landscape like a Diaz, so
fresh, so vivid, painted with such force and
Tutor. It is called a "Landscape with
Cars," and the artist is Frederick B. Wil
liams. The sicy is swept with clouds, the
deep, wet, green earth has a wide shadow,
in the single gleam ot sunlight the trans
figured little train of cars flashes like a
rocket, with a puff of smoke and a burst of
sudden light and color.
Theodore Robinson's large canvas of a
woman sewing under the trees gives one a
saddened pleasure. The color is so quiet,
so calm, th 6 pleasant green trees drop
little faint shadows Ike leaves upon the
woman's drooping head and shoulders.
It is very peaceful under these sheltering
trees.
There is a "Primeval Forest, 1 ' by Ed
ward Moran. It is very jinmeval. The
only animal yet created is apparently it
very tiny bear, hung like an Examiner
badge on one of the great, smooth bowl
ders. The discovery of the bear in this
most complacent and not at all terrifying
forest gives one quite a little surprise, like
solving a picture puzzie— find the only ani
mal in this picture.
A most interesting portrait is that by
Benoni Irwin 01 tbe author James Lane
Allen — the man who ha> written so many
charming Southern stories. It is a very
viriie and dignified canvas as Mr. I. win's
portraits of men invariably are.
There is a big unfinished illustration,
"Founders of a Fute," at which poor Tom
Hovenden was at work just before his
death.
A very simple and effective canvas is
that called "Louise," by Louis Paul Des
sar. Everything is painted in a pray mon
otone very delicately — the grayish white
cap, t!ie grayish blue apron against the
faint gray of the wall?. The dress and the
■tove area little deeper pray. The whole
study, which 13 for an illustration, is al
most black and white, but its effect is dis
tinctly one of color. The picture which
has won the first Hnllgarten prize is called
•'ln a Studio," by Mary Brewster Hazel
ton.
The Julius Hallgarten prizes— s3oo, $200
and $100 — are j.'iven for the three best
pictures painted in. the United States by
American citizens under 30 years of ajre.
The Thomas B. Clarke "prizo ($300) is
given for the best tigure composition, with
out limit of age.
The Norman Dodge prize ($300) is given
for the best picture painted in the United
States by a woman, without limitation of
age. Mrs. Mary Curtis Richardson and
Miss Clara McChesney of San Francisco
have secured this prize at different ex
hibitions.
The Lotus Club fund is a fund of $1000,
subscribed annually by members of the
Lotus Club, for one or more paintings to
be purchased at the annual exhibition of
the National Academy of Design.
The winner of the first Hallparten prize,
Miss Mary Brewster liazleton, may con
gratulate herself. Her canvas is very sur
prising—very surprisingly commonplace.
There is neither vitality nor grace in the
poses. The artist is working for an audi
ence. She is looking neither at her pic
ture nor at her model; whose pose is very
much that of an antique V^nus, nor at her
guest, who is staring steadily at nothing
at all. The wall is not Hat, and the color
laoks any distinction. However, she has
won the Hallgarten prize; that is some
thing to have accomplished.
There is a portrait of Professor Theodore
Dwight of Columbia College by D. Hunt
ington which is full of character. The be
nevolent old head is painted almost with
tenderness, and is very simple and pleas
ant in color.
Next to it is a picture called "The Pri
vate Rehearsal," apparently a rehearsal of
articulated dolls with a great deal of care
expended on the painting of buttons and
embroidery.
John S. Sargent has a portrait of Gar
diner Greene Hammond Jr.. a portrait
that Franz Hals might have signed. A
head of a young man with a broad face,
small, twinkling eyes, a nose distinctly
uplifted ana very full red lips, painted
with that unhesitating brush that man
ages to retain all the fresh nes« of a sketch
with the distinctions cf color all the
rtcipes of the world will not give. In his
work you may follow every strokf , the
painter seems to say :
"Here you are; it is perfectly easy.
Liook at your model and paint him. That
is all!"
That is all— to find the points of vital in
terest in the model is to paint them.
Technique is neither modern nor old-— this
portrait is marvelous in its absolute ab
sence of any distinguishing method— it
might have been painted a year ago or in
a century to come, but it is hard to im
agine any oblivion to which the portrait
of this broad, full-blooded, smiling, gently
impertinent young man r<mi<! be con
signed. Van Dyck Uuowk.
New York, May 9, 1890.
THE MAGYARS.
A Race That la Kapidly Increasing in
Population.
In connection with the approaching Mil
lennium Exhibition Professor Vambery of
the Puda-Pesth University delivered a lec
ture here last night on the origin and de
velopment of the Magyar race, to which
he has for many years devoted special
study. The lecture-hall was densely
crowded and the keenest interest was man
ifested in the professor's discourse.
Professor Vambery began by stating that
there was a scarcity of trustworthy histori
cal evidence relative to the earliest origin
of the Hungarian nation. All that was
known on the subject has been derived
from a Byzantine and an Arab writer.
According to them, the Magyars were a
tribe of Turkish nomads, who, being
driven from their own territory by
the encroachments of their more
powerful countrymen, wandered westward
and entered Hungary by way of
the Lower Danube in response to an
invitation of King Amulph of Bavaria,
who needed their military assistance
against the Slav King of Moravia. For
nearly a century the Magyars settled in
Hungary continued their primitive mode
of life as warlike nomads, undertaking
periodical raids to all parts of Europe and
capturing numerous prisoners; these they
employed in agricultural pursnits, while
the Magyars themselves remained the
dominant race. Toward the close of
the tenth century the Magyars embraced
Christianity, and, blending in one political
body the various ethnical elements which
had become residents in Hungary, con
stituted the Hungarian nation. For
centuries the Magyar minority continued
to rule over the non-Magyar majority by
sheer force of their warlike and governing
characteristics. By the aid of their liberal
institutions and the hospitality which
they extended to foreigners they succeeded
in maintaining their supremacy through
all vicissitudes. From the Asiatic nomads
the present Hungarian nation descended.
Professor Vambery then went on to say
that Hungary had invariably formed an
insurmountable barrier against the bar
barism of the East. Had it not been for
the stubborn resistance offered by the
Christian armies of Hungary to the inroads
of Turkish . hordes, the progress and
civilization of Western and Central
Europe would have been retarded for
hundreds of years. Indeed, it could
be said that Hungary acted as the
sentinel of Western civilization, but in
consequence of its being in perpetual
readiness for war the intellectual condition
of the country bad remained behind. Dur
ing the past two centuries this had been
remedied, and in all respects the progress
and development of the nation had been
remarkable. At the beginning of the
present century the Magyar popu
lation of Hungary numbered only
about 3,000.000. To-day it exceeds
8,000,000. There is scarcely any trace
left of nia Asiatic extraction in the modern
Magyar. He still retains, however, those
liberal, generous and chivalrous traits
which assisted him in conquering the va
rious non- Magyar elements of the country,
and which have given him that extraordi
nary absorptions by means of which a
mere handful of Asiatic wanderers have
gradually grown into a powerful nation
which is about to celebrate the one thou
sandth anniversary of its existence.—Lon
don Times.
« »—•» — •
A horse can draw on the worst . kind of
earth road about four times as much as he
can carry on bis back. On a good macad
amized road he can pull ten times' as
much, on a wooden road twenty-five times
as much and on a railway fifty-eight times
as much.
■•♦ m ■
A curious borometer is used in Germany
and Switzerland. It is a jar of water with
a frog and a little steplaader in it. When
the frog comes out of the water and sits
on the steps a rainstorm will soon occu.r
THE MONARCH OF
THE PEARL-FISHERS.
J. Clark, the Queensland Gem-
Hunter, and His Story
of Fortune.
HE EMPLOYS ABCUT 1500 MEN.
Has Lately Founded a Pearl - Shell
Farm Which He Has Stocked
From Deep Sea Waters.
James Clark of Queensland, Australia,
the king of the pearl-fishers and the owner
of the only pearl-shell farm in the world,
is at the Occidental.
Mr. Clark's pearl-shell farm is stocked
with 150,000 pearl shell, which he collected
from the deep sea waters. He believes
that he can grow pearls and shells. It is
a new thing. Nobody has ever attempted
it before. Mr. Clark is on a tour of the
world to investigate the various pearl
fisheries.
He has all the facts and figures concern
ing them at his finger-tips. He is much
interested in the extensive pearl fisheries
in the Gulf of California, but, of course,
only in an abstract way, as he has no
money invested in them.
The king of pearl-fishers employs no
less than 1500 men and 250 vessels. Of the
army of 1500 men 200 are skilled divers.
The vessels used are of all sizes, the average
cost of each being about £(jOO.
"I have been fifteen years engaged in
pearl-fishing," said Mr. Clark last night.
"My fisheries are in the Torres Straits, in
the north of Queensland. I began in a
small way, and have given tbe pearl fish
eries my close attention during all these
years. My experience has led me to the
belief that with proper intelligence in the
selection of a place one can raise pearls
and pearl shells as easily as one can raise
oysters, but of course to do this you must
know how. I started a large pearl-shell
farm three years ago, and have stocked it
with shell which I obtained in many in
stances far out at ocean, in the deep water.
To grow shells successfully, according to
my experience, thus far, the water must
not be too deep.
"There is one thing I am sure of, and
that is that, no matter how many pearls
are produced, tne supply can never equal
the demand, and therefore there is no dan
ger of any combine among the pearl-fish
ers of the globe. It is for the purpose 01
finding out all I can in regard to the pearl
fisheries of the different parts of the world
that I have now set out on this trip. 1
keep pretty well informed in regard to the
pearl fisheries in all parts of the country.
Your treat fishery in the Gull of California
is the biggest one on the American conti
nent, and practically the only one, except
ing that of the Guli of Mexico, below the
gulf.
"I want to get a scientific partner in
connection with my pearl-shell farm. I
want a man who knows science, and who
also knows as much as possible about
pearls and shells. This is one of the other
purposes of my trip. With the big fish
eries on my hands and the new ferm
which I have started I have rather more
to do than I can well attend to, so I need
an associate to look after the farm where
the new pearls are growing.
"The pearls that are grown in the
Torres Straits are all of the color that you
see here. This beautiful silver pearl
which you see on my scarf is a good lllus
tration'of the kind we produce. There is
oniy one color, in fact, and it is the most
desired among purchasers. This large
oval pearl you may think something
abnormal in its way, but we get many of
them. There is no question but that the
Torres fisheries produce the finest pearls
to be had. The market shows that. They
bring the highest prices.' 1
Mr. Clark is a man of medium height
and midale age. He is said to be a multi
millionaire and to have acquired his
colossal fortune since he began pearl-fish
ing a few years ago. He has a reddish
beard, a clear gray eye and a quiet, con
fident way of talking that is very interest
ing.
"My pearl-shell farm," he continued,
"occupies a stretch of water ten miles long
and about five miles wide on the edgf of
the Torres Straits. The water is shallow,
for it is only in this kind . of water tiat
shells can be successfully matured. Any
experienced pearl-fisher can tell at a
James Clark, the Queensland Pearl-Hunter, Who Has Lately Slocked a Glgantit
Pearl- Shell Farm.
[Sketched from Ufa by a "CaU" artist.]
glance from the surrounding shores
whether or not he has the bestfisfamg
ground.
"If the shores are high and rugged it
indicates that the water is deep and cold.
The shells do not attain the greatest size
there. Besides this it is hard on the
divers in going so deeD for them.
"Where the shores are low and receding
and the water warm there are to be found
the finest shells and the biggest pearls.
'I ship my shells to London in my own
vessels. The shells are used for scores of
different purposes now and there is a
greater demand for them each year. They
go to London in my vessels by hundreds
of tons.
"The pearls are marketed in London and
Paris mainly. The catch each year runs,
roughly speaking, from $200,000 worth up
to almost five times that. There is a con
stantly growing demand for them. I have
been in the business long enough to ascer
tain that for a certainty.
"It is because of this that I am now try
ing to make pearls and shells by my farm,
which I have established and stocked by
a portion of what I have caught."
Mr. Clark will be here only for a few
days. He intends visiting the notable
fisheries of the Old World and will spend
some time in New York, London and other
cities.
THE BIG IF
If things that have not. had really
The ring of the real coin:
If potatoes, for Instance, were mealy,
And beefsteak was all tenderloin.
If goatmeat was southdown mutton.
And butchers had civilized souls,
If collars were easy to ontton
And buttons were glued in their holes.
If women's tongues were not waggy,
And sweet little babes never cried;
If trousers never cot baggy
And shoestrings would always stay tied.
If money was made by talking.
And never a man was a ro-.;ue:
If distance did not mean walking,
And carfares were not in vogue.
If cross words were not reproaches.
And kisses ne'er meant to betray:
If mosquitoes were only cockroaches,
And Jersey a fit place to stay.
If your frowns, dearest Maud, were caresses,
Kach pout but the seal of a kiss:
If you ever had quite enough dresses—
Oh, then, wouldn t living be bliss!
—New York Sun.
KICKING TREES
Lumbermen Mu-t Know Them and
How to Keep li-oni Being Kicked.
Very few who have never witnessed the
method of lumbering in our forests realize
the danger, with its accompanying fascina
tion, the hard rugged work, with its
health-giving results, or the enjoyment to
be found in camp life in the solitary
woods, miles from civilization.
The danger from flying limbs or a "kick
ing" tree as it falls, lodges or strikes upon
a stump or across a log and swings around
or flies back with terrible force is not no
ticed by the lumbermen if they are lucky
enough to dodge successfnlly. Another
danger that people little realize ia that
of the teamsters who haul the logs
from the stump to the main road. Much
' of the timber is cut up on the mountain
sides, which are so steep that a horse team
can scarcely climb up. At the top loes
measuring from thirty to fifty feet in
length are loaded upon one sled and are
dragged down tbe mountain. In places
the road, goes down so steep that
the ends of tbe logs are above the
bone 1 a hips. The logs with the sled
tip town, and away they go down the
mountain as fast as the horses can go, with
the teamster hanging to the reins and
: keeping his balance upon the logs as they
thrash and roll around beneath his feet.
Occasionally the teamster emits a ter
rific yell that would put a Co
manche Indian to shame, to warn
his brother teamsters that he is com
ing, so they can get out of the way. They
drive into a turnout, and the loaded team
1 spins past them. It is seldom that a horse
loses his footing: if he does the team is
sluiced down the mountain. Occasionally
they go against a tree, and sometimes
; both of the horses are killed, but they gen-
I erally come out all right, with a few
scratches.
With the advent of the railroad and in
j vention of wood pulp, the uses of the
\ spruce tree have been changed or enlarged,
I and so iar as .Byron, Me., is concerned the
I manner of getting it from the forest to the
I market has changed. The logs are now
i loaded onto cars in the forest and hauled
j to the very mill doers, where they are
converted into pulp and paper. During
the present winter logs have been hauled
to the Rumford Falls Paper Company's
mill, converted into paper, shipped to dis
tant cities, where it is used by some of the
leading daily papers, printed, returned
and read by the camp's crew where
the lumber was cut within a fort
night from the time the tree waa cut
in the forest. Such is the effect or
the progress of civilization upon this
branch of business. Even now in remote
1 sections where railroads have not reached,
j one year is reckoned on to get the lumber
to market, and it sometimes takes two
years to run the lumber out of the stream
I to the main river.— Rumford Falls Times.THE NIGHT SIDE
OF NAGASAKI
I SAID that by catching the North Ger
man Lloyd steamer General Werder at
Kob« Georpe Francis Train had made
certaia of breaking all records in his
tour of the world— had already, at the
beginning, maie Phiieas Fogg's eighty
days ridiculous. For the General Werder
■was billed to connect at Hongkong with
the larger and swifter vessel of the same
line, the Preussen, that was to make the
continuous run clear around into the
Mediterranean Sea. There we would
ruive choice of several routes to the
European and British port.- and it would
be stran.ee if =ome one of them did not
. reasonably prompt connection with
Atlantic liners.
Bat the Wercier had been held almost a
day ever -her sailing daie and there wa.s
-.^.e question opened as to whetlier
the Preussen would wait for her. The
Preussen sailed from Shanghai to Bremen.
She was the mam liner and al?o carried
the German mail. It was the
of the Werder to connect witn her:
not the business of the Preossen to linger
en her way waiting for Lageards.
When, therefore. Train stepped tri-
Just Ont of Hongkong tl c Fog Settled Down, and There Was Nothing to Do
but Stop and >Vhi tie and Wait.
antiy upon ::.e deck of "he Werder
c he was greeted by Captain Eicnel
with only that politeness absolutely de
manded between commander and a pas
r who had poll e:,<->nrh to stop the
ship. The vessel was underway before we
thedeck. Train paid
-re:ts ana then swept the harbor
with a glas^ He fiw an American flag.
It wi- m the man-of-war Omaha.
It was a good omen, he said; he had
himself founded the c:ty of Omaha. He
i off a note to the commander: 'Re
from George Francis Tram. sixty
days-round-world.'' etc., wrapped up in it a
of money, hailed a sam Dan that lay
in our way and threw it to the Jap at the
oars with rapid directions to carry it to
the Omaha. Then, through his glass, he
•:■ message delivered.
- way lay through the Japan Sea to
Nagasaki. It was now evening, and as
- :n went down a storm gathered that
rased ail night after a fashion that the
old pilot declared he Lad not seen in
twenty years. TVe had had nothing but
I since sailing out of Puget Sound.
The next day, however, with the wind
Bl - bl wine a gale, tile ride through the
narrow channels of the Japan .Sea was
very tine.
Shortly before midnight, with every
body on board but the officers and myseif
a-leep. we ran into the her
We were to take coal there, and through
-ig at this hour of the night the cat>
tain suffered another ioss of six hours.
A couple of customs officers came aboard
ana I persuaded them to take me ashore,
and in a rickshaw I saw the night sid- of
-aki. Taifc about the tenderloin of :
San Franc: -
Nagasaki is at the southern extremity j
▲ Rnn for the Steamer With a'Richshaw
I nil of Trinkets, at Nagasaki.
of Japan, and is still as little tainted by
the foreigner as a coast city may be.
There are practically no foreign r«sfdents
in the 100,000 population. For this it was
interesting. The officers only consented
to take me ashore after long conferences on
the side.
It was after midnight, but haif a dozen
rickshaw men were on the quay with eyes
on the vessel. I discovered that one of
them understood and talked a little hlng
lish. I told him to run me about town.
He started away at a gait that indicated
he had had little to do that day. Was the
town aii asleep? No, not ail. he said. At
a uniform, brisk trot he traveled up and
down strange and deserted streets, with
hf re and there a dim ;amp that could not
be said to illuminate; the low-roofed shops
and dwelling* -bowing no sign of life. We
- I at long intervals some solitary dig
. that I took to be a police
man. Suddenly Usfcito — that was his
name — turned abruptly off the thorough
fare and ran through an open gate under a
shed, where the night was inky black.
He dropped the shafts without a word
and I felt that wy adventure was develop
ing f-.-atures of unusual interest. I tried
to remember how long since we had passed
the last poiicei;
However, it was nothing. Ushito con
sidered that he had an all-night passen-
T:.e rickshaw in which I rode was
:n some way and he wanted to get
another, and this was the station. That '
was all. He struck a match and we were
under way again in a moment and shortly I
turned into a narrow, smoothly paved i
street where, some distance further along, I
appeared many lights and moving figures. '
It was that quarter of Nagasaki that is
to be found in every city of Japan — a quar
ter where license runs riot; that is con- j
trolled by a great corporation — a mo- j
nopoly operating throughout the empire, j
Into the hands of this company the
I parents of the very poor bind over their
young daughters for a specified number of
years and a money consideration. At the
expiration of the time these children,
grown to young womanhood, may return
: to their homes and be considered "entirely
eligible for good marriages.
Usnito said this was the oniy part of the
; city that was not asleep — all there was to
. see hy lamplight at this hour. The dis
trict was compact and well defined, cover
ing several streets. They were as well
' peopled as is Dupont street at the same
hour of the night; men and women
■ lounged along the narrow sidewalks; rick
shaws hurried here and there, with sharp
though Dot loud cries of the men in the
Policemen in blue uniforms
and with clubs at their sides
; paced up and d->wn at frequent in
tervals, torches and lanterns flared along
the curbs, while old women crouched
on the sidewalk with baskets of nuts or
the peculiar decoctions that answer for
Lnchea in Japan. Here and there oiie
i f them, her shawl drawn closely about
her, duztd under her lamp. Light strug
gled dimly through the rice-papered win
dows of the houses.
There were no doors to the houses, but
wide, square alcoves or porches from
which opened larger apartments. In this
outer alcove were gathered the women of
the house, from one to a dozen, of all
from mere childhood to the fifties,
. seated upon mats. In their midst wa?
generally one of those little charcoal fires
that is encountered everywhere in the
country, and by which they may Keep
tueir ijipes lighted.
To each of these places there is a male
attendant whose business it is to induce
i-?erby to enter. The»emen felj upon
Ushito at every step, his pass-age through
the district beine a constant quarrel.
It was alter 1 o'clock in the morning
when we pot back and over a bridge be
yond where we had started from and I
was dropped at Cook's Hotel. Ushito, as a
means of securing hi* engagement the
next day, refused to take money for nis
night's work. He was at tne hotel gate
before I was up next morning.
Train came ashore at dayiiprr. After
breakfast we visited the American Consul
in his palace on the Heights of the ci'.y, got
out a special edition ofthe little X: j
paper, the Rising Sun. mailed it to nota
bles all over the world and sailed away at
noon.
In the meantime, from 6 o'clock in the
morning tintil noon, the Werder had been
coaling up. An army of boys and girls,
standine as closely together as they could
upon inclined planks extending from the
vessel's deck to barges beside her, had
passed up, in baskets, coal sufficient for a
five days' journey. And all the time they
were jesting and laughing as though at a
picnic.
We steamed away with a fair wind and
sky for a straight run to Hongkong, a
daj and a hail behind the stearuer'3
time — an excellent reason for giving us
the speed that played to our purpo-e.
The distance i- 1087 miles from Nagasaki
to Hongkong. The Werder began burn
ing her coal hot-rally enough ana left a long
black smfke-¥treamer clear down to the
horizon behind her.
It is a foar days' ran under favorable
circumstancts, and for the rirst time at sea
the indications were excellent. The Yel
low Sea, where the typhoon tears the
weather to tatters upon occasion, spread
iway as level as a tennis court.
As we neared Hongkong, however, on
the afternoon of the fourth day a fog set
tled upon the sea that bronght us to a
standstill. The vicinity of Hongkong is
very treacherous, there being an archi
pelago of small islands along the cca^t,
md the path to tne city itself being
through a succession of narrow and de
rious channels. So there was nothing for
it but to stop and whistle and wait.
Cat>tiin Eichel began to perspire and
=wear deep German oaths in hi? anxiety.
(Occasionally the fog lifted, and we would
rush forward for a tnot or two, to be again
brought to a stop. The currents were
•trong, and the vessel would pwing round
with the fog down, ?o that when it lifted
the captain would have to fi.ure out his
reckoning.
In this alow fashion we made our way
toward the city until night came, when,
al hough the fog lifted, we were compelled
to anctior in the stream to wait for morn
ing aDd a pilot with still the question un
answered—was the Preussen waiting?
"N ith Captain Eichel it was a very serious
question.
Train strode the deck perfectly at ease
studying the phosphorescent water or the
dim outline- of the land that lay on both
sio.es, or in a little room on the lower deck
rearranged bis campaign for Hongkong.
He had telegraphed from Nagasaki that
he would lecture there this Thursday
menu And here he was out in the chan
nelperhaps twenty miles from the city.
\\ neiher an audience was gathered" in
some t beater awaiting the rise of the cur
tain to see and bear him did not worry
him in th- least. He couldn't be there
and so that was settled. He would make
some new jlans for the short stay by
which other sensations might be created'
v they also failed then, also, no matte--'
He never had a doubt that we would
catch the Preussen. If she was gone, how
ever, then something else must Ur done,
and he would attend to that when the
emergency arose.
w'itb Captain Eichel, however, it was
the missing of trie mail and his freight
bills for Bremen, ami all on account of
this provokingly polite and devil-may
care American, going around the world
for the mere fun of going around. Here
he was. lying just outside, in doubt fnr at
least nine more wasted hours.
The fog at Hung Kong has the peculiar
habit of gathering in the early morning
hours, luting just before sunrise and fall
ing again as suddenly. Preparations were
made to take advantage of this interval,
the pilot was on ooard, the anchor up and
in an hour, with the sun just coming out
of t::e sea, we ran into the noisy harbor of
Hongkong. From her berth, just across
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY 17, 1896.
the pier, rose the splendid proportions of
the Preussen. She had gotten in only the
ni.ht before, having also been delayed by
the fog. What a salute she got. Captain
Eichel, his anxiety relieved, became a
sudden enthusiast "in behalf of this Dig,
good-natured American and his tour, and,
escorting us across the pier, inducted us
into our new quarters.
From Hongkong we cabled around the
world the single word "Connected."
WORTHLESS GIFTS
Sent by Uninformed People to
the Academy of Sciences.
The greater number of rooms in the
Academy of Sciences are open to the pub
lic, but there is one that is kept tightly
closed against nearly everybody except
the janitor. It is on the third gallery, but
there is no sign on the door to tell what
might be inside. The apartment i» the re
pository of such articles as have no scien
tific, archaeological or antique value, that
have been donated by good intentioned
but uninformed people.
In this respect the room is most inter
esting because it shows just how siily
some people can make themselves. The
room is a large one and filled with glass
case*, closets and boxes of different kinds.
Everything sent to the academy n prop
er, y cared for, no matter how'worthless.
And some of it is so devoid of value that it
is reaily a waste of time to properly label,
catalogue and record it. But all dona
tions to the academy go through the same
process. The donor's name is entered on
the books of the academy, they receive a
personal cards of thanKs and at the next
business meeting the donation is an
nounced to the members.
To be convinced that some of the stuff
sent in is not worth all this trouble it is
only necessary to take a look through the
locked room on the third gallery. Here.
for instance, is a box labeled "T rkish
curios." They are only a lot of wooden
spoons and bowls, such as can be obtained
at any bazaar in town. They are decorated
in the most outlandish colors, and c> it the
donor not more th3n 2o cents. To put
such things on exhibition in the museum
would make the aiademy the laughing
stock of a'l educated people who visited it.
Another donation is a model of a machine.
It is sim] :v a tangle of springs and levers,
and to ascertain what it could be used for
would requ:re the «erv:cesof aclairvuyani.
A lar^re ; ackage is rilled with bits of broken
stone, but ol no more value in any re<=i>-c:
than the stuff our streets are paved with.
To enumerate all the worthless truck to
be found in this room would be an almost
hopelese task.
1 here are piles of books of different de
grees of uselessness.drird plants of the com
monest kinds, broken pottery, and, worst
Corner of the "Worthless Donations'*
Room at the Academy of Sciences.
[From at-
of all, several original manuscripts on cer
tain subjects written by people who had
no idea of what they were writing It
will be noticed that, while all of this trash
is valueless in a scientific way, it is aNo
valueless in a commerc al sense. I: looks
as if the donators had things they could
not sell and pent them to the academy
rather than throw them away.
Many people who donate "this undesir
able class o; rubbish are not cont
leave it at the academy, but haunt the
museum for weeks afterward in the ho-e
of seeing it on exhibition with their names
attached, some go so far as to make in
quiries at the office to know why it baa
not been placea on exhibition. They ar*>
generally told that it is still in the receiv
ing-room and cannot be placed on exhibi
tion until it has gone through a certain
process of being recorded and labeled
SPRING SONG.
About the floweriess land adreatnroa* be«a
Pickering hum: the ruois debate, divide
With many a coarse aside, - '
In solemn conclave on the budding trees,
Larks in the skies and plough boys o'er the lea*
C&ro. as if the winter ne'er had been-
The very owl comes oat to greet the sun-
Rivers high-hearted run:
And hedges mantle with a flash of green.
The curlew calls me where the salt winds brow
His troubled not* dwells mourafullv and dies'
' Then the long echo cries ' " '
Deep in my heart. Ah, surely 1 must go!
For there the tides, mo in-haunted, ebb am. flow
And there th*- seaboard murmurs resonant. '
The waves their interwoven fugue repeat
And brooding surges beat - y 1 .;
A slow, melodious, continual chant.
John Davtpsqx.
WHAT A TRANSLATOR CAN DO
!He Produces Startling I:. . ■ •-, \Tith
Heury George's Worfc§.
Henry George has suffered many things
!at the hands of translators. "Progress
and Poverty" has been translated with
. more or less success into all the im
portant European tongues, into Japanese
and in part into Chinese. "Social Prob
lems" has also been translated into several
foreign tongues, and the letter to the Pope
I on the "Condition of Labor" has b«en
*> read in like fashion. There are three
■ independent German editions of "Progress
| and Poverty," and one of these i«
i illuminated with foot note*. Theannotator
found his opportunity when became to this
sentence near the end of the book, "into
the valley of the shadow of death yet often
leads the path of duty; through the «treets
of Vanity Fair walk Christian and Faith
ful, and on Great Heart's armor ring the
! clanging blows." This passage is starred
; and the foot note informs the German
i reader that the reference is to Thackeray's
I novel of "Vanity Fair."
Mr. George's latest translator is a
teacher of political economy at the Uni
versity of Turin, and he has just expanded
"social Problems," in English, a book of
less than 250 pages, into an Italian volume
of about 425 pa^e«. Mr. George's doctrine
seems to havi.- a .:'f:r<rd littJe at the hands
of the translator, but the professor had a
hard :ime with the technical phrases of
American politics. ''On the outskirts
of the political ; arties," says the original,
"are the Greenbaekers, who. with a more or
less definite idea of what they want to do
with the currency, representing va^rue
social dissatisfaction." Tiie translation
has it that the "bankers" are on the
outskirts of the political parties, and that
they, "with an i.iea more or less precise of
their function in economy, represent the
multiform social disgust." The lower
part of Broadway is translated '-the most
nlthy quarters of Broadway."
The translator, in a note occupying more
than a full page, cites figures to prove that
the total Italian immigration to this
country has not yet greatiy exceeded half
a million person;. Hi 3 excuse for this
note is the translator's misapprehension of
the expression, "and the millions of Italy,
pressed by want as severe as that of Ireland,
began to turn to the emigrant ship, as diJ
the Irish.' "The millions of Italy" is trans
lated "millions of Italians" (miliioni di
Itaiiani). The translator not only deciines
to put Mr. George's phrase "to size the
pile'' into Italian, but entirely omits the
idea that it conveys in translating a sen
tence where it occurs. This easy way out
of difficulties is one he often takes, with
the result that his translation in many
cases, if turned back into English, would
hardly be ideiuified by Mr. George as his
own matter. — New York Sun.
A LESSON IN CHARITY
The Philanthropic Deed of a Liver
pool Man.
One of those true-hearted chaps often
read of in romances made his appearance
in Liverpool a few days ago and his sym
pathies were at once aroused by the sight
of three or four men waiting for work.
"I'll be hanged if it isn't tough," he re
plied, when they told him they hadn't
had any work fo r a month. "How would
you like some oysters?"
They smacked their lips by way of re
ply, and he gathered up a crowd of eight,
marched them to a tisbshop and ordered
oyster ste*s for each one.
'It just does my soul good to see them
eat,'' he sa;ii to the owner of the place, as
the eight got to •
"Yes, it's a beautiful sight," was the
reply.
"It makes me feel good in here," contin
ued the stranger from Manchester, laying
his hand on h.s hear:.
"A good deed brings its own reward,"
was the soft answer «.•' the shopkeeper, as
he calculated h-.r trohts.
"I can't rest here— l must d-* further
good,'' said :he b:g-hearted stranger, and
he rushed out and brought in '.hrets
negroes, a cbimnev-sweep, two boys
and a:\ old woman, and 0.-dere i more
oysters. The lif'.een pvopie went for
oyster soup in a manner to amaze, an I
the.r iui: lian I ;>er in
the ribs and said. "See the gentle i. .
Oh, that I could feed the poor of all Lanca-
"You are a good man, and heaven will
reward you,' relied the proprietor, as he
fillei the dii I -An.
The stranger said he wanted to bring in
just rive more, so as to say that he h. ;
an even score, and he rushed out after
them, whi.e the shopkeeper sent after
more oysters, ere.
T: . - - .i not return.
The : the shop licked their
plates clean an i departed in joyfui r -
cession, an I one had passed out
before the man who furnished the soup
had cox through waiting for the return of
the big-hearted stranger.
Tnere Terr oatbs and ?lang phris-es, a~d
watci
the pa ih; bat what mattered it
to the tiftce ; soup devourers. who drew
up in a line opposite, and resolve"!
them oysters just touched the spot" ?—? —
Spare Mon:..
A TENT IN A TREE.
Hew Henry Gibson Will O
c.Miz Some Object:
to Camping.
Everybody who has ever cam pea out in
Niles Canyon knows that there are a cum
! ber of things to be considered in selecting
a desirable site. If you pitch your tent
I near the water tne air is iikely to be close
j on warm days, to tay nothing of the nu
merous mo.-quitoes. On the other hand, if
j your tent is pitched on a billside it is diffi
cult to rind a level piace to taiid a fire, and
all ware.- has to be ctrrie.i up from the
stream below. Of cour-e it is more con-
I venient to De near the water, but under
ordinary circumstance* not so comfort
able as being a few feet above it.
Henry Gifcson thinks that he has
solved the pro: lera and at the same time
procur-d a number of advantages he had
not looked for. He is one of the first
campers in the canyon, and intends to re
main all s-un:ru-r: 90 that it is hkelv that
many ol the latex - mill take advan
tage of his wav . _• a tent.
Gibson's scheme consists of utilizing a
big cottonwood trse. He selected one
with spreading branches, and in the space
between tDem he constructed a plati-rm
of flooring similar to those generally used
under tents wnen :hey are placed on the
ground. One of the branches h&d to be
Henry Gibson's Tent in a Tree fn Mies
Canyon.
[From a photograph. ]
sawed off. but the platform was made to
fit in between the others as nicely aa could
be. On this platform he has pitched his
tent the same as he would on the ground.
By the use of a ladder it is easy to get up
or down. There are numerous advan
tages in pitching a tent this way, the prin
cipal one of which is that it is high and
dry. and the occupants run little danger of
taking cold. Besides this, it can be located
close to good water and near a level place
for the camprire.
Another adva-ita^e is that "grub" and
cooking utensils can be placed out of the
reach of prowline animal? by putting
them in a basket and ha:;ling them up to
the platform. At night the ladder can be
hauled up and the occupants of the tent
will be as secure from intrusion as if at
home in their bedrooms.
The tent in a tree has already Attracted
the attention of a number of prospective
campers. Gibson says it don't cost a cent
more than it does to put up a tent in the
ordinary way. | It only takes a little more
time, but when you are there you are
fixed.
INTENDS TO SHOOT
THE RAPIDS
Mellon's Plan for Navigating
the Green and Colorado
Rivers.
TO FLOAT DOWN IN DORIES
He Expects to Reach Yuma From
Green River, a Distance of 1300
Miles, in Thirteen Days.
Among the arrivals at the Lick House is
Captain J. A. Mellon, the old-time steam
boatman of the Colorado River, who i.as a
novel scheme for navigating the tributaries
of the Colorado and passing down through
the rugged Black, Marble and Grand can
yons to Yuma. The entire distance to be
traversed is no less than 1300 miles. It is
through a very wild region, perhaps not
equaled elsewhere on the continent.
Captain Mellon proposes to make the
trip with his pa rty in two dories, each 22
feet long, with breadth of beam of 6 feet 6
Captain J. A. Mellon, the Bold Navigator Who W II Attempt to Pass Through the
kapids of the Green and Colorado Kivers, Accompanied by Indian Boatmen.
[Sketched from life by a "CaW artist,]
inches. Each boat will draw about four
inches of wat »r. Being very shallow, they
are particularly well fitted for ;>as«ii»i; ovpt
rocks and rap:d3. Captain Mellon will
start from Green-river station, on the
Union Pacific Railroad in Wyoming. He
will transport his boats from here there oy
rail. Each dory is to be manned by four
stalwart Indians. In each end of the boats
rtifrht compartments for storing sup
:" all kinds, including guns and am
munition, for there is a gTeat deal of game
along the route and firearms are absolutely
indispensable.
Captain Mellon is one of the owners of
the steamers Gila, Aztec and Mojave. He
has been running on the Colorado River
thirty- two yeart, and is probably better
posted in regard to the terrible rapids of
the Colorado than almost any other man
in the world.
The strange part of Captain Mellon's
scheme is that he proposes to make the en
tire trip in no more than thirteen days.
Thi- wiil seem remarkable, in view of the
fact that J, 'W. Powell. Chief of the United
States Geological Survey, who attempted
the trip in 1?69, wa-* four months in getting
to the mout!] ol the Virgin River, which
IS 4." miles above Yuma. Besides he lost
two of his four boats, and four of his men
who were wrecked were kil.ed by the In
dian?.
V. F. Neisz, a boatbu:lder of this City,
has recently completed one dory for Cap
tain Mellon and in a little time he will fin
ish the other.
'•I am satisfied that I can make this
trip successfully," said Captain Mellon
yesterday. "It may.look like a huge under
taking and I admit that in a seise it is.
Nobody has attempted it since Eowell, and
the grim tragedy that surrounded his
efforts ha- caused such terror whenever
even the suggestion is made of trying to
ti^at aown through a wild Indian conntrv,
and worse than all through the fearful
canyons of the Colorado River, that people
generally did not care even to consider it.
But there are objects to be attained which
I believe are meritorious.
"The part of the Green River from
Green River station to the Grand is largely
unexplored. People know next to nothing
about it. They don't know whether the
soil is rich or whether there's goid or sil
ver in large quantities, orcoai orsapphires.
■'Powell didn't have time to do any in
vestigating, and as for the researches of
such iew people as have ever be^ n in that
part of the country, like the cowboys and
the straggling hunters, every one knows
how little neffs of a scientific character
they have ever gathered. In fact, nothing
has ever been heard of this pan of the
Green River.
"From the point where the Green River
enters the Grand, on down to the Mormon
settlement in the southern part of Utah,
the country is similarly wild and largely
unexplored. It is the Green and Grand
rivers which make the Colorado. The
river from this point on is large, and has
in places wide vaileys, presumably of
very fertile soil. The mountains which
flank the river, many of them snow
capped and reaching to a prodigious
height, undoubtedly contain large bodies
of rich ore.
"I know a place on the Colorado River,
lor instance, and I nave run past it on my
steamer when the water was high, where
there are mountains of pure salt. The
salt is so whit* that it is like snow and al
ni' st dazzles the eye. In some places the
salt is overlaid by a sort of caprock of
sandstone, and when this is taken off there
is your pure, white salt, fit for use. There
is a curious thing about this -alt. I found
in digging down into it some pieces of
burnt wood. They were lying right in the
middle of the bed" of salt. I could not see
how they got there, but anyhow the salt
had preserved them. I brought them up
with me to the Academy of Sciences. They
are there now and anybody can go over
and see them.
"It is to find out about the many curiou9
things whose secrets have been locked in
the mountains along the course of these
strange rivers that I intend to make the
trip. A strauge thing happened some
time ago that has not been mentioned in
the press. I had a dory made by Mr.
>eiszof the kind I have described, and
turned it over to Lieutenant Po.ter of the
United States army. It was in November
last and Lieutenant Potter thought he
would do a little exploring of soni' of the
i canyons on nis own account.
•'Pottertook the boat to Peach Springs,
on the Santa Fe Railway, 100 miles east
of The Needles. Then he took the hoat
overland to the Colorado River and
launched her at Diamond Creek. He
floated down quite a ways successfully
until he came to the rapids that Powell's
men refused to go over in 1569. The water
boiled so fearfully there and the rocks
were so formidable along the rapids that
Potter's men got afraid, t-o they all got
out, and Lieutenant Potter let the boat
go. He tnought she would come through
below and that 1 would see her and { kk
her up. But in place of that nobody ever
set eyes on her again. She must have got
all smashed up on the rocks.
"These boats I am building for this trip
have very sharp sterns and are almost flat
bottomed. lam pretty sure, from my long
experience on the Colorado River, that
they will be just the thing for this trip.
We may have to steer them pretty care
fully in going through, in fact l" don't
doubt that we shall have some narrow
chances, but using the food judgment of
river men accustomed to go over some of
the worst rapids on the continent, I think
we will get through all right.
"I believe, too, we will be able to collect
One of the Queer 22-Foot Dorics Uhich Captain Mellon W ill Use in His Attempt
to Triumph Over the tearful Rapids.
[Sketched by a "Call" artist.^
a most interesting fund of information in
regard to this enormous stretch of 1300
miles, most of which has been scarcely
viewed by white men. I have an idea
there 3 big game in there. From what I
understand there are many mountain
sheep, some grizzly bears, wild goats and
smaller animals. "Besides these, it is un
questioned that there are large bands of
elks in the mountains bordering on the
Grand, Green and Colorado rivers. Year*
ago it is known that buffalo was in the
country trenching on the Grand. There
may be some there yet, but at any rate
there is no doubt about its being full of
other game.
-Now this trip I propose can, if need be,
be made in thirteen days. 1 speak now of
the trip as it would be if we went right
along. And the reason we can accomplish
in this short time what it took Powell four
months to do. and which ha finally
failed in doing, will be • solely on
account of the superior kind of
boat; that we will use. Powell did not
have the right kind of boats. They
drew an enormous amount of water
*? 11 en he came to where the water was
shallow, or where there were rapids he
could not get along at all. The boats had
to be dragged along by hand. It is no
wonder that it took him four months, and
that he was finally wrecked, and that
through it he lost four of his bestmen.
' 1 intend to start on this trip as soon as
my bo3t« are finished and the water is
hizh enough. I cannot tell just wh**n the
rivers will be at their best, for that de
pends on the time of the melting of the
snow, but at any rate I will watch the
signs of the weather carefully and get off
as speedily as possible."
Captain Meilon is here buying supplies
of different Kinds, which he thinks he'will
need on his trip. He will be in the City
three or four days at least. He has had
the hazardous journey in view for a good
while and now believes that he can suc
cessfully carry it out. Nine men wlil ac
company him. Eight will be Indian boat
men and the other a trusted white man.
RUSSIA AND ENGLAND.
A Comparison of the <hips They Hay*
on the Asiatic Station.
In view of the recent reports regarding
the reliance of China on the protection of
Russia, increased interest may be lent to a
statement in the London Times of the
relative strength of the Russian and Brit
ish fleets in the far East, at a late date.
Great Britain has the battleship Cen
turion of 10,500 tons, 13 knots, four 10-inch,
ten 7-inch, and twenty-six auxiliary guns
and -even torpedo tubes. She ha-j three
armored cruisers, the Narcissus, Immor
talite and Undaunted, each of 5000 tons,
18}£ knots, two y.2-inch, ten 6-inch and
twenty-five auxiliary guns, with four tor
pedo tubes. She has the Edgsr, a pro
tected cruiser of 7350 tons, 20)^ inocs, two
9.2-inch, ten 6-inch and twenty-six auxili
ary guns, and four torpedo tubes.
Sue has the JSolus, Spartan. Rainbow,
Pique, protected cmisers.eacli of 3*;k«j tons,
iy^ 4 knots, two 6-inch, six 4.7-inch, and
fourteen auxiliary guns and four tubes.
She has the armored coast-defender Wi
vernof 2750 ton^, 10 kr.ots, and four 9-inch
and nine smaller guns. She has the
Archer and Porpoise, cruisers of 17!>3 tons,
17 knots, six 6-inch, eleven auxiliary guns
and three tubes. She has the dispatch
vessel Alacrity of 1700 tons, l'J knots, and
ten 6-pounder and two machine guns. She
has the sloop Daphne of 1140 tons, IV^
knots, and eight 5-inch and eight ma
chine guns. She has the jrunboats Pigmy
Redpole, Redbrea-t, R ittler, Plover and
Peacock of . + knots, and six
4-inch aud four machine juns. She has the
Swift and the L.nnt-: --els of 756
Cons, 11.8 knots, and two 7-:nch and six
BmaUergons. She has t..e gunboat Fire
brand, of 45-5 tons, 10 Knots, and two tive
incb, two four-inch and two machine
cans, and the gunboats E-k and Tweed of
363 tons, three sixty-four-pounders and
two machine guns. Finally, she has eight
torpedo-boats. %
Turning to the Russian fleet in those
waters, it is found to have been consider
ably augmented during the last few
months, and is stronj. It includes" the
batt.e~hip Emperor Nikolas I, of 5440
tons, 15.9 knots, two 12-inch, four 9-inch,
eight 5-inch, and twenty-two auxiliary
guns, and six torpedo tubes. Next come
four fine armored cruisers, in which class
the Russian fleet surpasses the Brit
ish. Among them will be recog
nized guests of oura a few years
ago .The Pamyat Azova is of
6000 tons, 17>a knots, two s-inch, fourteen
6-inch and twenty auxiliary guns, with
tr.ree torpedo tubes; the Admiral Nachi
moff. of 7782 tons, 1G.7 Knots, eight S-inch,
ten 6-inch, ten auxiliary guns and four
tuoer:; the Rurik, of 10,923 ton?, IS knots,
four S-inch, sixteen 6-inch, six 4.7-inch and
eighteen auxiliary guns, with six torpedo
tubts; the Dimitn Donifcoi, of 5893
15 knots, four 6-inch, ten
4.7-inch and thirteen auxiaary guns,
with four torpedo tubes. Then
c n:e=. the protected cruiser Admiral
Koniloff, 5000 tons, 17V; knots, two B
.nch, fourteen 6-inch, and eighteen auxili
ary i:uns ar.d six tubes. A pair of armored
iiunboats, the Greuiyastchy and Otvazny,
art- >■: 14'^-' tons each and"ls knots, carry
ing one 9-inch, one 6-inch and ten smaller
guns, with two tubes, lhe Kreuzer and
Rasboynik are corvettes of 1342 tons and
13 knots, carryin g three 6-inch and fifteen
snia'.'.cr guns. Tn^ Korreta and M machen.
j: gun vessels of 1214 tons and lo*-.; knots,
carrying two 8-inch and one 6-inch gun,
with ten smaller pieces and three tubes.
The gun vessels Sivootch and Bohr are
of 900 ton 3 and 12 ; 2 and 12 knots, carrying
one 9-inch, one 6-inch and eleven smaller
The GaiJaruak and Vsadink are
gunboats of 400 tons and 22 knots, with
three torpedo tubes each and small rapid
tire >:uns. The Aleut and Yakoot are old
merchantmen titted up with a few rapid-
' fire guns. Finally there are thirteen tor
j pedo-boats.
Taking the two lists together we find
j that it mu*t be conceded that the British
lis rather the Btrongez. The British show
I twenty-live ships, against eighteen
for the Russians, while the latter
j have thirteen torpedo boats against
i eight tor the British. England's
i total tonnage is 64,5?7 tons, against
Russia's 54.739; but her average speed, 15.1
I knots, very little exceeds Russia's 14.8
! knots. In total guns Great Britain is well
ahead, with 4-5 i against 350, and also in
torpedo tube=. with 43 against 33. Prob
j ab.y in the character of the ordnance the
British also nave the advantage.
Truth of It.
Only Son— l don't believe I'll ever
amount to much of a lawyer, father.
Father— Keep right 6n climbing the
ladder rung by rung, my son, and you'll
get to the top.
Only Son— That advice is all right
faeher, but the trouble is there are «o
many young fellows iv the profession that
I can t get within a mile of the ladder.—
Roxhury Gazette.
* ♦ — »
There is a giant crab found in Japan
which measures twelve feet between the
tips of the nippers. In the Indian Ocean
to be found a hermit crab two feet
long. COfc
1920
SOCIETY
IF it had not been for the Hobart-Wil
liams nuptials and the trio of bril
liant engagements — the Delmas-
Kenny, the McKcnna-Martin and the
Hobart-Raidwin— society would have
had a dull week of it.
As it was, a number of little dinners and
charming luncheons and an army high
tea kept those in the swim pleasantly oc
cupied and consequently in agreeable hu
mor.
In spite of the fact that so much has al
rca'ly been published relative to the wed
.■. ■ i n^r of Mr. Hobart and Miss Hannah "Wil
liams, it is nevertheless true that the so
cial record of the past week would not be
considered complete without a brief refer
ence to that all-important event.
A happy blending of elegance and sim
plicity characterized the affair in all its
details. That very lack of formality
which distinguished (be wedding proved
its greatest charm, and the only pity was
that more guests could not have enjoyed
the lavish hospitality of the Williams-
Neil cottage.
Miss Ella Hobart in announcing her en
gagement to Charles A. Baldwin suc
ceeded in astonishing her friends quite as
completely as did Miss Isabella McKenna
when lief engagement to Peter Martin
was made public
But society recovers easily from such
pleasurable shocks, and is already looking
eagerly forward to the weddings. Miss
Hobart announces that her wedding will
take place in the early summer, and as it
is more than probable that Miss McKenna
and Mr. Martin will be married within
three months society may experience that
great satisfaction of attending two fash
ionable weddings in the same month.
Preparations for the wedding of Miss
Alice Gerstle and J. B. Levinson are now
being made, and it is announced that it
will be celebrated at the lovely country
home of the Gerstles at San Rafael.
This homo has all the necessary ac
commodations for a swell June wedding —
numberless large apartments, a handsome
garden and an immense lawn — conse
quently their friends look forward to a
unique and charming affair.
Another engagement just announced is
that of Pietro Rossi, the well-known coast
representative for a prominent Venetian
bric-a-brac house, and Miss Drinkhouse,
daughter of the wholesale tobacconist, at
the corner of Battery and Sansome streets.
The Italian colony is unusually inter
ested in this engagement, Mr. Rossi being
one of tue representative Italian-Ameri
can citizens. The wedding is set for the
liOth of this month.
Prominent among the events of the past
week was the luncheon given by Mrs. Dar
ling at her lovely Presidio home, and the
high tea given the same afternoon, Tues
day, from 5 to 7, by Miss Cattierwood. com
plimentary to Mr. and Mrs. W. H. Bliss
and the Misses Barnes of New York, for
merly of St. Louis-
Like for the luncheon, which by the way
vras complimentary to Mrs. James Robin
son and Mrs. C. A. Spreckels, the deco
rations were all in pink. La France roses
predominating. The tea was almost en
tirely an army affair, and brass buttons
were plentiful. This was the first enter
tainment at which Miss Catherwood has
presided since her return from her ex
tended Southern visit, where she was the
guest of Mr. and Mrs. Henry Jerome.
For next week society has numberless
theater parties on the list and a large
luncheon to begin on Thursday, the 21st,
by Mrs. Mountford Wilson at her elegant
home, corner of Pine and Stockton ttreet3.
The advance sale of seats for the Daly
season conclusively shows that everybody
who is anybody will attend the opening
performance and the same is true for every
change ol programme.
The exoaus to Europe continues. On
Monday last Mrs. Fred Green, accompa
nied by her sister Miss Julia Crocker, left
for a several months' European visit.
Mr. and Mrs. George A. Pope and Miss
Carrie Taylor have arrived in Paris and
Mrs. Henry L. Dodge left yesterday for an
extensive Eastern visit. Mrs. Philip Lil
ienthal and family leave on Wednesday for
New York, where they will be the guests
of Mrs. LilienthaPs mother, Mrs. J. Selig
man, during the summer months.
ENGAGEMENTS ANNOUNCED.
Preparations for Several Fashionable Wed
dings.
The engagement Is announced of M. Hyman
ol this City to Miss Gussie Raphael. The* wed
ding will take place shortly.
The engagement is announced of Miss Daisy
Cardoza, daughter of John Cardoza, and Frank
V. Denis, both of this City. The wedding will
take place in August.
Joseph Levy of 1042 Golden Gate avenue
announces the engagement of his daughter
Mercedes to Arthur S. Lichtenstein of New
York City.
The engagement is announced of Frank
Busse, for a number of years connected with
the well-known wholesale winehouse of Rep-
Bold <fc Co., California street, to Meta Martens,
daughter of John Martens, proprietor of the
Saratoga Springs.
The engagement Is announced of Miss
Jenny llaruuan of Merced to Dr. Martin
Krotoscyner of San Fra:;eisco. The wedding
will take place in Merced June 2, at noon, after
which the young couple will leave for a trip to
the East and Europe, to be absent several
months.
The engagement is announced of Miss Lena
ll yams and Mr. Mose Strause, both of this
City.
The engagement is announced of Miss Edith
Osborne Cooley and Dr. Robert Willis Smith.
The wedding will take place in the fall.
The cnKaKcment is announced of Miss Daisy
Cardoza, daughter of John Cardoza, anil
Frank V. Ijcths, both of San Francisco. The
wedding will take place in August.
WEDDINGS.
Several Brilliant Marriages Celebrated
During the Paßt Week.
On Saturday afternoon, May 9, at 3 o'clock,
tlie marriiige of Mr. Cuillermo Verduo, chan
cellor of the Consulate-General of Guatemala,
and Miss Carmen Alfonso, a well-known young
laily of the colony, was celebrated at
tho Consulate of Guatemala, Central America,
'201 Front street, Mr. iliijuel Carrillo, the
Consul-General of that republic, presiding.
After the ceremony the newly married couple
and their friends went to Guadalupe Church,
whore they were united according to the rites
of the Catholic church.
A quiet and interesting wedding was that of
M. Alexander Black, of tlie firm ot Baier .t
iilack, proprietors of the Oceanic Restaurant,
an'l Mi.-s Anna Teresa Dolau, daughter of Mr.
P. fiolan, formerly of Santa liosa, and sister of
Mr«. C. \V. Talmnge of Courtlsnd, Ca)., Mrs. H.
i. Faulkner ol Va Lamar, Idaho, and Charles
i Dolan, well-known here and in Idaho, cele
brated Wednesday, May 0. at 10 a. m., at the
residence of another sister. Mrs. K. J. Baler, at
545 Jersey street, Rev. Father Connor officiat
ing. None bat the near relatives of the con
tracting parties were present. The young
couple left on the afternoon train intending to
spend a week at l'aso Kobles Springs and to
visit Mr. Black's ranch In Monterey County.
On their return they will take up their resi
dence at (540 Elizabeth street.
Last Tuesday, at '.i o'clock, at the Congrega
tional Church, Miss Jennie Ellsworth, daugh
ter of Mr. and Mrs. 11. G. Ellsworth, was united
in marriage to Robert Martin Price of San
Francisco, Rev. F. H. Marr being the officiat
ing clergyman. The young friends of the
bride had decorated the church, the work
being done uuder the direction of a brother of
j the bride. E. A. Ellsworth. Rare palms and
I potted plants filled the forward part of the
church; baskets of rare roses, begonias and
asparagus ferns were on the walls; airy fes
toons of pink and white roses— no other colors
being used in the decorations— were hung
from a point over the pulpit and ra
diated to every part of the dainty
little church. Great fragrant bunches of pink
and white sweet peas were tied with ribbons
to every pew rail; baskets of rare pink and
white flowers were suspended from the ceiling
by pink ribbons, and the graceful marriage
bell of white sweet peas was caught up
with white ribbons and hung within a silver
circle directly over the bridal couple. Promptly
at 3 o'clock the strains of the "Lohengrin'
Wedding March, rendered by the organist,
Miss Lena Miller, announced the coming of the
bridal party. The exquisite bridal chorus,
"Faithful and True." was beautifully render
ed by the following members of the University
of California Glee Club: Messrs. Bazwell, Rix
lord, Parsons, Frank and Oscar Taylor.
Following, the clergyman came the mother
of the bride, then her brothers, Oliver and E.
A. Ellsworth, the groom with hi.-, brother as
groomsman, followed by Miss Mary Olney of
Oakland and Miss Jennie Bruce of San Fran
cisco as bridesmaids and Miss Susie Ellsworth
as maid of honor. They in turn were fol
lowed by Harry Ellsworth, one of the ushers
that preceded the bride, who entered upon
the arm of her father. After the short impres
sive ceremony the guests returned to Las
Olivas, the beautiful home of the bride's pa
rents, where a reception was held.
Long tables had been laid in one of the
great grape arbors, where refreshments were
served to the guests, who were waited upon by
the young lady friends of the bride. The young
couple received the congratulations of their
friends in the parlor, which was filled with the
many costly and beautiful presents which
were received, and which proved the high es
teem in which the young couple are held.
Silverware, exquisite glassware, rare pictures,
statuary, bronzes, pieces of furniture, beauti
ful needlework, handsome lamps and orna
ments of various beautiful designs were dis
played.
The bride's gown was of heavy cream-colored
satin, trimmed with rare point lace and pearls,
and made with the utmost simplicity; the
bridal veil was fastened with a diamond and
pearl pin ; she carried a bouquet of white rose
buds and ferns. The bridesmaids and maid of
honor wore simple dresses of white mull with
sashes of pink, and small white hats with pink
roses. Fully 200 invitations were issued, and
a special car had been provided for the seventy
or more guests from the City.
Mr. and Mrs. Price left on the 6 o'clock train
for Los Angeles, driving to Decoto to take the
train. Quantities of rice and old shoes were
thrown after them by laughing guests. They
will return late in June and will then take
possession of the lovely home which is now
befog built for them near Linda Vista Heights,
in Oakland.
A very pretty home wedding was that of
Miss Viola Albert] and George O. Xicholis,
solemnized on Tuesday, April 23, at noon, at
the residence of the bride's parents, Mr. and
Mr -.(.. W. Alberti, the Rev. W. W. Case of
ficiating.
The rooms and hall were artistically deco
rated with flowers and evergreens, pink and
white being the prevailing colors. A bower of
the same blossoms was erected in the bav
window of the parlor, having for a background
! an American flag and as a centerpiece a large
floral bell. The happy couple, preceded by
two little flower girls, entered the parlor
to the strains of Mendelssohn's beautiful
Miss Isabel McKenna and Mr. Peter Donahue Martin, Whose Engagement Has
ltecn Announced.
march, and took their stand beneath the |
bell, and there made the responses and |
took the vows which united them for
life. After the ceremony and congratula- >
lions the bridal couple and tho invited
guests to the inspiring music of the "Lohen
grin" march, moved in procession tothedining- j
room, where Bn elaborate wedding breakfast '
was served.
The bride, a petite domi-brunette, was i
gowned in a dainty white swiss over white
silk, and carried pink La France roses. Th»>
two little flower girls, Miss Ida Albertj and !
Octie Stapleton, were also arrayed in white i
swiss.
The couple received many costlygifts. Those !
present were: Mr. an<! Mrs. ( W. Alberti, Mr i
and Mr?. Joe Farre!!, Mr. and Mrs. G. X \l- j
berti, Mrs. C. Dick, Mrs. S. Hamlin, Mrs. J.
Stapleton, Mrs. M. T. Sparks. Miss Mabel Far- |
reli, Miss Mac O'Connur, Miss May Kennv
Miss Sue Albert i, Charles W. Swain, Prank J.
Alberti, Lawrence B. Alberti, Frank titapleton
Kay Stauletonand Louis Irnhßus.
Benjamin G, McDouirall and Miss Frances E.
Hawkins were quietly married in the Episco
pal Church at San Haiael by the rector, Key. A.
Hartman, in thu presence of their immediate
relatives, at 1(> o'clock a. m.. Thursday, the
14th lust. Alter the ceremony the company
repaired to the residence of Captain M< Ceruie
the home of the bride's sister, where the wed
ding breakfast was served and presents and
congratulatory telegrams were received.
Th.- groom is a resident of BakersfieM and a
member of the firm of McDougall & Sons
architects of this City, and conducts the firm's
business outside the City.
After spending a lew days in San Francisco
Mr. and Mrs. McDougall will make tlu-ir home
in Bakcrslield.
There were. present Captain and Mrs. Mc-
Kenzie, Mr. Hawkins, Miss Irene Hawkins
George B. McDougall, Miss Lulu Holland and
Mr. and Mrs. C. C. McDougall.
A brilliant company garnered at tho resi
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY 17, 1896.
dence of Mr. and Mrs. H. K. Mosher, in Nilcs,
on Monday last to witness the marriage ol
their daughter Maude to Mr. I.oren Hunt ol
the State Iniversity. Over HX> invitations
had been sent out, most of the recipients being
present in person on that happy occasion.
1 he hour of the ceremony was set for 7 o'clock
Guests from San Francisco Hnd Oakland came
on the G o'clock train, and were conveyed tc
the house in carriages. The rooms of the
home had been beautifully decorated in honor
of the event, under the supervision of (;harle.«
Turuer of Union High school. Light ami
graceful branches of bamboo and palm with
sword ferns formed the background for the
beautiful blossoms with which the walls were
bong. A canopy of lish-net, lightly inter
woven with white roses, covered the bay
window and extended over the ceiling of the
room in which the bridal couple stood.
Over their heads hung a large floral horse
shoe of white roses and maidenhair fern,
Shortly before the entrance of the bridal party
Richard Hunt, a brother of the groom, sang
in fine voice, to accompaniment, "Call Me
Thine Own," aud then to Urn strains of the
wedding march came the bride'i attendants
down the bc-ribboned aisle. Ilishop Nich
ols, witt: Rev. T. 0. Crump leading, were fol
lowed by Urn groom and his best men, Mark
Btownsili <»f Santa Barbara. Next came the
father nn<l mother of the bride followed by the
bridesmaid, Miss Jessie F.asion of San
Francisco. Lastly came the bride herself, the
groom Stepping forward to meet her. The cer
emony, U'll by Key. Mr. (rump, imd completed
by t he Bishop, was most impressive. The
bride's father gave her away and the young
couple knell nt the close In receive the bless-
Ing. The company present then tendered
hearty congratulations and later all adjourned
to the large tent near the house to be seated at
the rapper tables.
The long tent had been converted into a
beautiml bovei of green upon the white back
ground, him? with lamps and Chinese lan
terns. While the company lingered at the
tables short speeches of congratulations and
good wishes fur the bride and srroom ironi a
ii umber present served to brighten the faces
with .smiles and add laughter and merriment
t> the enjoyment of the evening. At 10:30 ■
special train bore the guests from San Kran
cisco and Oakland to their bones. The bride's
costume was of cream-colored brocade satin,
trimmed with point lace. She carried a bou
quet of white roses and maiden-hair fern.
The bridesmaid's costume was of white orgau
die and Valenciennes lace over p«le blue silk.
Ornaments turquoise set in diamonds. She
carried a bouquet of La France roses.
The bride's mother wore a dress of black
penu de soie, trimmed with point lace, with
diamond ornaments. There were many beauti
ful toilets worn by other In. lies present. A
large number of costly gifts in silverware and
cutglass, etchings, engravings and dainty bric
a-brac showed the love and este.'m of a lartje
circle of friends. The groom's gift to the bride
• was a miniature pin set in dead gold. The
favor to the bridesmaid wag a clover-leaf pin
set in pearls; to the best man a sword-hilt
I scarfbin set with pearls. The l'.Uhop's gift to
the bride and groom was a dainty volume in
white and silver containing the marriage ser
vice, the marriage certilicate, and blank pages
for the names of witnesses to the ceremony.
Amon? the guests present, besides those from
Niles and vicinity, were: Kt. Key. Bishop
| Nichols. Mr. an<! Mrs. Katon, Miss Jessie Ea
ton, Mr. and Mrs. K. 1.. Hunt, Mrs. Mary F.
i Hunt, Mr*. F. Kalph, Mr.and Mrs. F.Randolph,
j ('harl^s Turner, San Francisco; Mr. ami Mr-.
\V. H. Lake, Mrs. M. Lake and family. Herbert
Gaskill, Mrs. K. Miller, the Misses Dorothy and
Rosalind Miller, Miss Edith Henry, George
I I'hljen, Oakland; the Misses Julia and Vina
; Noy, Alamtda; Mr. and Mrs. Walter Maree,
William Hupp, Mrs. D. Brownslll, the Misses
Olive and Kdith Browiißill, c. K. Jones, Mr and
Mrs. Fred (heeseborough, Berkeley; Mr. and
!f, s - / red ITlerrn»an.I T lerrn » an . San Jose, and Mark Brown
sill, Santa Barbara.
CLUB GATHEEINGB.
Elaborate Entertainments Given by the
Mystics and Mission Literary Club.
One of the largest and most pleasant gather
ings of the season was held at Native Sons'
Hall on Tuesday evening last, in response to
invitations issued by the Mystics. It wes the
occasion of their nineteenth evening-dress
party, and the words, "Mystics, Welcome "
hung over the stage in large gold letters
Will 11. Sale, president of the club, led the
march, accompanied by Miss Lilly Juniel, who
looked charming in an exquisite gown of blue
sillf, trimmed with black jet. She carried a
lsree cluster of Jacqueminot roses. Over °50
couples participated in the march. The many
handsome gowns worn by the ladies and the
exquisite decorations of the brilliHiuly lighted
ballroom made, altogether, a never-to-be-for
gotten tcene of splendor.
The music was furnished by J. D. Hynes' or
chestra. One of the features of the evening
was the twilight dance." The affair
was well managed and a pleasant time en
joyed by all. The committees were as follows:
Will W. Sale, floor director; Kenneth Mather
son, assistant; M. L. .Reynolds and H. G. Mul
ter, reception committee. Programmes were
distr buted by W. 1.. Reynolds and Miss Lucy
>r»iiU. The assisting couple in the march
W^1 X - Matl » e rson and Miss Blanche Andrews
The Mystics wish to announce that their fu
ture parties will be btrictly evening drees
The next one will take |place June 9, at Native
The Mission Literary and Social Club gave
iJ s monthly entertainment at Mission Opera
nail last Wednesday evening. There was an
excellent programme, which concluded with a
one-act druma entitled "My Partner." The
cast was an excellent one, Miss Birdie Clement
appearing as Mary and Harold Mordant as Joe
Banders. After this interesting drama danc
lnsj was commenced and continued until mid
night, when the dancers all departed, much
pleased with the night's pleasure. The club is
prospering and has a large membership, which
is rapidly increasing, nnd promises to be one
of tne best clubs of its kind in the City. Great
preparations are being made for the next ec
tertainment. The drama to be presented on
that occasion is "The Confederate Spy."
HOME GATHERINGS.
A Tin-Wedding Celebration and an Oakland
Musicale.
Mr. and Mrs. Alrert Dheilig celebrated their
tin wedding anniversary at their residence on
Taylor street on Tuesday evening, April 28,
The house was most artistically decorated with
potted palms, ferns and smilax and choice cut
flowers. A large dinner party preceded the
reception, which was held in the evening. The
large dining- table, with Its snow-white damask
and bright silver, made a very pretty picture.
In the center was a miniature lake containing
little ducks sailing around; above was a lurge
bouquet-holder containing American Beauty
roses and ferns, and arranged so as to droop
gracefully over the lake. In corners of the
rooms banquet lamps were lit. The happy
■ pair were the recipients of many handsome
i and useful presents.
A very enjoyable party was given by the M.
M. M. Orchestra on Friday evening, at the
home of Miss Florence Grant, Highland Park,
, East Oakland.
The orchestra rendered tome choice selec
! tions, after which Gordon H. Grant amused
the guests by singing several comic songs.
Dancing and other amusements were in
dulged in until 12 o'clock, when the guests
partook of c dainty ."upper, served by the
young ladles of the orchestra.
Those present were: Miss Grant, Misses
May and Bertha Stalder, Miss Thayer, Miss
.larvis, Miss Lundy, Mis- Collins. Miss Jacltson,
Miss McCorniick." Mis- Hostetter, Miss Wil
liams, Miss Follansbee, Mrs. Grant, Mr. Jarvls,
Mr. Stnldcr, Mr. Walker, Mr, Stewart, Mr.
Morehouse. Mr. Sessions, Mr. Pringle. Mr.
Kemp, Mr. Collins, Mr. Ireland and Mr. Valen
tine.
Mrs. William Willis gave a charming pink
dinner Thursday evening, complimentary to
Colonel Preston and K. A. Davis of Nevada
City. Covers were laid lor ten.
A most enjoyable evening was spent last
: Wednesday at the residence of Mr. and Mrs.
] M. J. Fontanain honor of the eighteenth birth
day of their daughter. Margaret May. A pleas
ing programme of vocal and instrumental
music was rendered and dancing indulged
until past midnight. The banquet wa« laid in
the dining and billiard rooms, which were
most artistically decorated. Eschscholtzia was
! the flower used, its color predominating
j throughout the entire decorations.
Among the invited wire: Miss Stella Petra
: ehi, Miss Ada Volkinan. Miss Kvcrding. Miss
i Hortensc Volkman. Mis* Airta Sbarboro, Miss
' AdUne, Miss Mary MaginitMiss Lillian Stewart,
'Miss Helen KlnseHTMiss Bugenla 8. -Rrizzn-
I lara, Mtas Üby] Tonlni, Miss Kiuepa Kiasell,
Mi-s Claodiae Babaldaao, Miss Lily Rocea,
j Miss Aurelia Levacgi, Iflsi I."tta Musto, Miss
I Romildit Frapoli; Messrs. Dudley Kin<ell of
I Oakland. Mr. Kitzmiller ol i'ittsburg, \V. Gaw
; nor of Oakland, Alfred and Rom<>lo Sbarboro,
Dr. G. Caglieri, Mr. Volkman, Kimball Bribe's,
Dr. J. 0. Berger, 8. Onesti, J. llaroto. James
and John Everdiug, I^onis Boersrer, clarence
Musto, Wallace Bricks, Bignor B. Grlmaldi and
Dr. Joseph Pescia, Italian ( onavL
SURPRISE PARTIES.
Anniversaries Made the Occasion of Several
Er.Joyable Gatherings,
A surprise party was given in honor of Miss
Birdie Apple ton of San Jose and Miss Goldle
Zucker at the residence of the latter, 437 Eddy
street, on Sunday evening, May 10. Dancing,
Kinging and games were kept up till midnight
Among tho*e present were: Miss Birdie Ap
pleton of San Jose, Mis* Surah Lubosch, Miss
Uoldie Zucker, Miss Bessie Borren, Claude Fan
ning, the Misses Tillie and Frances Fried
lander, M. S. Fried, Mr. Peyser, Miss Elsie
Cohn, Isaac Hassen, Mr. Rosenberg, Miss Davis,
Charlie Clausen, Miss Phoebe Lachman, Mr.
Gordon, Frank Robertson, Mr. and Mrs. Car
bonett, the Misses Sadie a:ui Mildred Biuin,
Mi-- Minerva Rogp, Mr. and Mrs. Zuckor, Mr.
Bssser, Mr. Harris, Fishel Zucker and Max
Mayer.
Master Albert Sonnenbcrg was tendered a
surprise party last Thur-iay evening at his
residence. IJO3 O'l-nrr- i street, by the To
baaon Club, of which no is a member. A
feature of the eveu'.i ■>: was the legerdemain
performance of Master Rankin. During the
evening refreshments were served and the
company broke up at a late hour.
A very pleasant surprise party was given
Arthur £. Snydcr by his bchooimates at the
residence of his mother on Seventeenth street
on May 1. it being his fifteenth birthday.
Dancing, singing and games, concluding with
refreshments, made the evening one long to
be remembered by him.
A most enjoyable surprise party was ten
dered to Ignutius Vlisaluurri at the home of
Mrs. E. Joseph, 21'J'J Bush street, last Tuesday
evening. The pariora and dining-rooms were
handsomely decorated with flags, ilowers and
ferns. Among the sports of the evening was a
very comic song by Sirs. Constant, and one of
Angcline Ralston'.- famous stump speeches by
Mr. Ralston himsHf. At midnight the grand
march was formed, led by Mr. Ylisaliturri and
Miss K. Ralston, who led the way into the
dining-room, where ah partook of an elaborate
supper.
A pleasant surprise was given in honor of
Mr. and Mrs. A. Bercovich at their residence at
Fourth and Webster streets. Tho assembled
guests came to bid the old couple farewell
prior to their departure for Hungary. The
i'vt ning was spent in siuging and making fare
well addresses. Among the guests present
were: Mr. and Mrs. A. Bercovicb, Mr. and
Mrs. L. Bercovich, Mr. and Mrs. M. Marcovitz.
Mr. and Mrs. L. N. Marcovitz, Mr. and Mrs.
Laner, Mr. Katzenwriber, Mr. and Mrs. I. Nier
man, Mr. and Mrs. P. I.efkovitz, Mr. Stein,
Harry Bercovich, Nat Sanders and others.
OUTING PARTIES.
The Pionio Season Is Brilliantly Inaugu
rated by Popular Organizations.
One of the finest private picnics of the sea
son thus far was given by the Defenders, a
prominent social club, on Sunday last at Wild
wood Glen in Sansalito. The repast was boun
tiful and heartily enjoyed by all. After lunch
eon dancing was indulged in until the first
race was called, there being prizes for buth
sexes.
Folowing is a list of the prizes competed for
and the winners thereof: First race, one box
candy. Miss B. Kranz; second, one box mixed
fruit, A. Bergh; third, fifty cents' worth of
corned boef. one head of cabbage and ten cents'
worth of potatoes, Miss L. Campidonico; fourth,
one box macaroni, Alexander Siiva; iifth,
two gallons of claret wine, S. Kramer; sixth,
one oil painting of yacht Defender, B. Valente;
seventh, one box fruit, Mrs. Valente; eighth,
three gallons c'.aret wine, H. Boell; ninth, one
month's subscription of moruinjr or evening
paper, Mrs. Campidouico; tenth, one shaving
cup with name engraved thereon, Mr. O'Mallcy •
eleventh, two boxes strawberries, Mrs. Kramer'
twelfth, one bottle hair tonic, B. Boell • thir
teenth, one silk handkerchief, Sadie Kramer
fourteenth, two dozen Eastern oysters m'
Doyle; fifteenth, one wair ladies' slippers Q*
Rosct-Ui; sixteenth, one bottle wliisny. Mr.
Kramer; seventeenth, one album, C. Piconso
eighteenth, five pounds of tomcod, J. Piconso
nineteenth, lady's purse. J. Kramer- twen
tieth, six bottles of steam beer, Tony Elmo
twenty-hrst, one bottle of cognac, Miss Dahan :
twenty-second, one meal per day for one week'
B. Valente; twenty-third, six bottles of steam
beer, Mis, Broker; twenty-fourth, one bottle
of whisky, M. Kramer; twenty-fifth, one box of
macaroni, J. Campidonico; twenty-sixth six
crabs, cooked or otherwise, Albert, (iatto
twenty-seventh, one roast of beef, H. Black :
twenty-eighth, two chickens, L. Piconso.
The racing being over dancing and romping
were next in order and were indulged in until
time for dcuarture.
A little before a p. is. all trooped over to the
ferry-boat Sausaiito, ready for embarkation,
ana on the arrival in the City all marched up
to the clubrepms. where speeches were made
by the president nnd Mr. Mallory, one of the
members.
The Jolly Sightseers' Association gave its
first outiug Saturday, May 9, to Mount Tam-
The outing was a most enjoyable affair, all
reaching thu top. on account ot the excellent
management wnich prevailed.
The party was divided into two sections, the
advance party Leing under the able manage
ment of Messrs. Peicr Luinan and John Mc-
Cauley, who, midway up tiie mouutain in a
most charming spot, formed a camp.aud when
the remainder oi the party, under the careful
and genial management ol Miss Alvma Uruuk
horst, arrived they were most agreeably sur
prised.
Messrs. Luhman and McCaulcy had not been
idle during their short sojourii at the camp,
but in a short time had it beautifully decorated
with wild flowers and nag* aua illuminated
with hundreds of fairy lanterns. When all
had arrived an excellent collation was par
taken of, when, after resting, the entire party
proceeded up the mountain, which was reached
at 4:::0 a. m. Sunday, and all witnessed thesun
rise from the summit of Mount Tamalpais.
The party w:s chaperoned !■■■ Mrs. Hall and
consisted of the following: Miss Helen Hall,
Miss Emily l'urcell, Mi.«s May In-jram. Miss
Alvina Brunkhom, Miss Lauretta Sharon.
Miss Lottie Robinson, Miss Mamie Johnson,
PICTURES OF FOUR PROMINENT PERSONAGES AT THE HOBART-WILLIAMS WEDDING
and Messrs. Peter I.uhman, John MrCauley,
Richard Hyland, Charles Still and Ed Ewald Jr.
IN THE FUTURE.
A Number of Interesting Entertainments
Annonncod for Next Week,
On Wednesday, June 3, the Western Addi
tion Literary and Social Club will give an en
tertainment and dance for the benefit of
Arthur W. Jones.
The following is the programme arranged
for the evening:
Quartet (selected), Knickerbocker Male
Quartet— D. Lawrence, first tenor; R.P. Evans,
second tenor; D. B. Crane, first bass; L. A.
Larsen, second bass. Contralto solo (selected),
Miss Daisy May Cressy (farewell appearance
prior to departure for the East).
"Confusion," a comedy in three acts-
Mortimer Muinbleford, Arthur W. Jones;
Christopher Blizzard (uncle to Rose). A. W.
Borlani; Rupert Sunberry, Charles W. Wilson;
Dr. Bartholomew Jones, WillOgilvie; James,
George B. Crandall; Muzzle, James Gilles;
Mrs. Mumbleford, Miss Rose Broderick; Miss
Lucretia Trickleby, Miss Zina M. Coonley;
Violet, Miss Virginia Cranna; Maria, Ml?s
Mable Hazletine. Act I— Room at Jersey
Lodge (morning): act ll— Same (afternoon);
act lll— Same (eveninc).
Aurora Lodge No. 202, Knights and Ladles
of Honor, will give an Aunt Lucindy's package
party on May 18, at Union-square Hall, 421
Post street.
The Western Addition Literary and Social
Club have sent out invitations for their
regular monthly entertainment and dance,
Wednesday evening, May 20, at Native Sons
Hall. The following excellent programme
has been prepared for the occasion :
Overture (selected), orchestra; whistling solo
(selected). Miss Mary E. Gray; soprano solo,
"Heart, Whence Ihy Joy and Sorrow?" (Gum
bert), Miss Carrie A. "Bering; vocal solo (se
NEW . TO-DAY. .
Better
Than
Diamonds,
II CLEAR
COMPLEXION!
And where can you get a beautiful com- j
plexion quicker and easier than by going j
to a scientific beauty doctor who under- |
stands her business? Years of experience j
and thousands of clear, smooth, velvety !
complexions testify to my skill. Freckles,
tan, sallow-ness, wrinkles, pimples, black-
heads, blotches, coarse pores, moth j
patches, discolorations, all blemishes, I
yield to the almost magic effect of my more i
than marvelous treatments. Here is the
chance of a lifetime.
rftri? Face-Massage Treatment. THIS
rlllM. WEEK 9 to 5.
Face-Steaming Teatment. THIS FID ll n
WEEK 9 to 5. rnfiD.
I?R W Application to Restore Gray ',
I ilLrj. Hair. THIS WEEK 9to 5.
MQb9| No lady in walking or
j*«^PP riding distance from San '
\^ w Francisco should fail to !
JfJ^ \f»r come to ma&e arrangements
■^fflL^Jro to obtain choice of these
uS«!l>^ wonderful treatments.
Ml DflV Ladies out of town
I HI! A. sending this coupon
L. UUAI wit i 10c in stamps
will receive a book
of instructions and a box of
LOLA HONTEZ CBEME JT, r °«««
SUPERFLUOUS HAIR. ',=,' y , il r
lessly, by the Electric Needle.
MRS. NETTIE HARRISON,
DERMATOLOGIST.- -
40-42 GEARY ST., SAN FRANCISCO I
lectrd). T. Ecrgert. "A Proposal Under Dlfflcnl
tles," a furce in one act by John Kendrick
Bangs; characters— Robert Yardsley, Jack Bar
low (suitor* for the hand of Miss" Andrew*),
Charlea \\ . Wilson, Arthur W. Jones; Dorothy
Andrews, Miss Zillah M. Coonley; Jennie (a
housemaid), Miss Mabel Hazel tine; Hicks (who
does not appear), by himself.
Daucing will conclude the evening's enter
tainment.
The confirmation of Cora Levin, daughter of
Mr. nnd Mrs. Julius Levin, will take place at
the <Jeary-street Synagogue Monday, the 18th
ins;. A reception will follow at 1805 Laguua
Btrwt bet'.veen '2 and 5 P. >i.
Rlneon Parlor No. 72, N. S. G. \Y., have issued
invitations for a social hop on Tuesday even
ing, June 2, at N. S. G. \V. Hall, 414* Mason
street.
AT THE SUMMER RE3ORTS.
The following gueEts are registered atSkaggs
Hot Springs: J. P. Thomas, M. D. Orr, E. B.
Blood, G. T. Steams, M. L. Cross, Miss Bessie
Martin, Webster Jones, W. F. Hobbs, A. E.
North, F. D. El well, Mr. and Mrs. George Fritch
Mr. and Mrs. J. L. Haskell, Mrs. M. Unger,
James P. Skelly, C. Cleve, G R. E. Maxwell,
Mrs. M. K. Maxwell, Harry McGurren, O. H.
Keyes, Mr. and Mrs. C. W. Kenitzer, Henry
Kenitzer, John D. Feldman, J. C. Bateman,
Miss Kate Bateman , Mr. and Mrs. Charles
Schroth, Mt. and Mrs. H. H. Young, Judge and
Mrs. J. C. B. Hebbard, Dr. Edward E. Shields,
W. H. Humphrey, Warren Dutton, San Fran
cisco; Mr. and Mrs. Giles H, Gray, James Pen
nycook, Oakland: Mr 3. E. Rodenbeck, Mrs. J.
F." Bond and child, Alameda; E. B. Strong, San
Rafael; M. Burke. Deming, N. M. : S. S. Swain,
J. 11. Hoffman, New York City; C. Merchant,
M. Marks, R. A. Mason, William Mason, \V.
Sargent, F. Soule. E. Seegen, Peter Rennie, F.
Steinbaeh, F. W. Wepsteln, Rev. John Meiler,
Miss Emma Meiler, T. A. Burke, E. S. Gray,
Philip Stoffel, Frank Cummings, Dr. W. D. F.
NEW TO-DAY.
| Midseason Clearance Sale Begins |
I Tomorrow at Both Stores. |
i DRESS GOODS HARVEST! 1
p ■■ .;.r"-o^O,v .■ <*
)° Reap the benefits of the special cuts in prices on these four 3
c leaders for this wet k. Good dependable dress stuffs for less money 3
G than you ever dreamed of getting: a dress for. Your gown is here. 5
g Come and let us help you select it. Many other bargains as good as 3
C these in all departments. 3
£ DIAGONALS AND BRADFORD MOHAIR SUITINGS- -Iridescent 5
L, colorings— full 38 Inches wide— dust Is remo\ed from these materials by OCC 3
C simply shaking— some of the prettiest of this season's popular priced ZD 3
(° novelties— were 50c a yard. As a leader this week. Yard 3
(° Market-street store only. "" ' 3
£> ALL-WOOL NUN'S VEILING-36 to 40 Inches wiae-in any of the latast O£C 3
6 evening shades, including nile, shrimp, apple, apricot, geranium, be- — 0 °S
>o lossa, tUleul, canary, etc—the regular 80c quality, As a leader this week Yard °{
jo Market-street store only. ot
£ EXTRA HEAVY BLOOMER SKRGE-54 inches wlde-strlcUv all wool- C/V^ 5
So in Davy blue only— the proper thine tor "bilcJos' 1 suits— $1 a yard 01/ ©<
Jo As a loader this week .„... J Yard o<
Jo Market-street store only. 3
C DERBY AND SHEPHERD CHECKS AND BROKEN PLAID EFFECTS- 3
L, A full suit pattern-light or dark colorings-cloth enough to allow lor i 3» 1 an - 3
C the prevailing style of full skirts and large sleeves. As a leader this fell— 3
I week . •.....«#... ••••• Suit, Zj
C Kohlberg^ store only. IQ7-109 I
Kohlbers' 107-109 I
t Str/1110* <* PosT Street, 1
| oirauss ec ) 1220-1224 1
Frohman, market St, 1
FOR
a Fine Tailoring
J^ Perfect Fit. Best of Workmanship at
/§&pi^ MoUerata Prices, go to
tFtoi Tailoring
Perfect Fit. Best of Workmanship at
Moderate Prices, go to
THE TAILOR.
mm PfiNTS made to order from S4.G&
pi SUITS made to order from $15.G0
§j| 1 MY $17.50 and $35 SUITS
20! and 203 Montgomery St., cor.' Bus)
/ 724 Market St. . 1110 & 111 2 Market St.
SAN FRANCISCO.
I
, Ward, Healdsburjr; John Sibbald, Walter 81b
| bald, John Ross, J. Wellington, I. Hickman, M.
Doyle, William Longmore. A. Markham, Santa
Bom.
The following are at Lytton Springs, Sonoma
County: W.Robertson, Mrs. W. H. Hopkins,
Miss M. A. George, S. C. Davison, Mrs. J F.
: Earls, Mrs. E. Nowdeska, C. B. Macdonald,
Mrs. i'etranek, C. A. Williams, Mrs. C. T.Jones,
Mrs. J. L. Bishop, J. B. Bradford, H. B. Brad
! ford, H. G. Comstock. Miss M. Patton.
PEBSONALB.
Miss Jennie Catherwood has returned from
her southern visit, and is visiting her mother,
Mrs. Dariing, at the Presidio.
Miss Marie Zane is in Southern California,
the guest of Mrs. Henry Jerome.
Mr. and Mrs. Henry Jerome, Miss Jennie
j Catherwood and Miss Marie Zane Jwill spend
July and August at Del Monte.
Mrs. K. D. Fry and family have gone to their
Napa Valley ranch, where they will remain
j during the summer months.
Mr. and Mrs. Henry Crocker and family have
;' gone to their place at Cloverdale to remain
i during the summer.
Mrs. W. P. Fuller has left for New York en
i route to Europe, where she will pass trie sum-
I mer.
Mrs. A. B. Butler has given up her Paciflc
! avenue home and gone to Berkeley to reside.
Mrs. J. Eager has removed to 2318 California
! street and will be at home tho first and last
Thursday of the month.
Mr. and Mrs. \V. H. Suydam left to-day for
; New York.
Kn. Henrietta Newman has removed from
1208 Geary street to 1413 Post street.
Captain William Kidsion of the steamer Ex
j celsior and A. A.(\Vheeler of San Francisco nave
j been visiting A. B. McMath's summer resort at
! Kuilville.
Mr. and Mrs. M.Salomon and sons have goue
i over to San Rafael to spend the summer.
THESUCCESS OF THE SEASON
THE LADIES' GRILLROOM
OK THE-
PALACE HOTEL
DIRECT ENTRANCE FROM MARKET ST.
OPKX UXTIJL MIDNIGHT.
NOTARY PUBLIC.
pHARLES 11. PHILLIPS, ATTORN EY-AT-
VJ law and Notary Public, 638 Market st., oppo-
site Palace Hot Telephone 570. Residence 1620
IfeUic. . Telephone; "Pine" 2530. caiuouco xo ™HE IS A MAN AND
YET A CHILD.
Tommy Horton's Remarkable
Case of Arrested Devel
opment.
HE NOW LIVES ON BABIES' FOOD
Although Twenty-Three Years Old
He Has the Appearance of a
Boy cf S.xtetn.
Medical annals do not furnish another
ca?e of arrested development parallel to
that of Thomas Hurton, whose home is
with his parents at 1002 Pine street, this
City. Although he is nearly 2H years old
he looks like a boy of 16, and h:s disposi
tion and tastes are those of a child. Until
within the last two weeks "Tommy." ns
he is called, spent all of his time at the
home of his parents, so that very iew peo
ple, outside of the family, knew anything
about his ca>e. Everybody who saw him
took him for a child. But he is now w.rk
ing, as errand-boy, fora well-known
in microscopical supplies, and bisbu
takes him to the Academy of r-eiences,
medical colleges and doctors' offices. His
TOMMY MORTON.
[Drauti from a photograph.]
case has attracted the attention of scien
tific men, all of whom pronounce it tbe
most remarkable on record.
The history of Tommy Horton's case
dates almost from his infancy, and the
reason he has not developed is because Lie
has never been able to assimilate food.
He says himself that he has never eaten a
meal in his life and never sits down to a
table. All the nourishment he ever got
was obtained from broths and different
food preparations, eaten at all sorts of
times. For days he has gone without an
ounce of nourishment and the wonder is
that he is now alive after all that he has
gone through.
Tommy was born a healthy baby, but
when quite young became afflicted with
suicture of the stomach. Later in life he
was ruptured, and before he was out of his
teens had a severe attack of asthma. In
addition to these troubles he had all of the
80-cal^d infantile diseases. The best phy
sicians have prescribed for him and all
that parental affection could do has been
done. He has been given all sorts of cli
matic advantages, and the father stands
ready to-day to substantially reward any
person who will restore his son to health".
Immediately after his attack of stricture
of the stomach the digestive organs seemed
to stop working. All desire for food ceased,
and it was with difficulty that the child's
etomach was made to hold even water and
milk. Never in his life has he been able
to eat a piece of solid food.
At a time when Tommy was about 18
years old it was understood that lemonade
was acceptable to bis stomach and he was
given all he wanted. By chance he swal
lowed a seed, but strange to say it did not
seem to affect him, and it was thought that
perhaps he had digested it. In a week,
however, the stomach was relieved and
the lemon seed was found to have
sprouted.
As a result of the lack of nourish
ment Mr. Horton's body has only
about half developed and his brain
has not developed at all for want
of phosphates. He is simply a child
even to a naive honesty only found in the
very young. A few weeks ago some scien
tific men made a cathode ray photograph
of bis hand and gave him 50 cents for his
trouble after the exposure was made. For
some reason the plate was a failure in the
development, and the young man wanted
to give the money back, as if he felt that
it was his fault. All of his desires are
those of a child and even a year ago he
Used to play bali on tbe streets with the
little boys.
The most remarkable thing about this
strange case ia that as yet there is no sgn
of a beard on Mr. Horton's face. It is as
smooth aB a baby's in the way of hair.
This is a phase of the case for which there
appears to be no explanation. It opens up
a held for considerable (speculation, as
heretofore it has been thought that hair
was an independent growth.
At present Tommy says that he feels
better than he has for years and he is sub
sisting entirely on a patented infants' food, j
He says that it is better than nothing and j
that he is getting stronger every day. Two |
or three times a day he mixes a quantity
of the compound fn water and drinks it
and that is all his meal amounts to. There |
is of course practically no brain nourish- ]
meat in the stuff, but there is no telling !
what it may do. It is possible that it may '
prepare his stomach for solid food and he i
may eventually develop into manhood.
Of the uozens of scientific men who have j
diagnosed this case within the last month |
none seem able to suggest a remedy.
BACK FROM SOUTH AFRICA.
C. A. Sampson on the Treatment of White
Miners at Johanne^barg.
G. A. Sampson, a miner of Colorado,
Utah and Arizona, who has been for some
months at Johannesburg, Bulawayo and
other places in South Africa, arrived here
yesterday and is at the Grand.
Mr. Sampson, after he had been for some
time in the mines of Johannesburg, went
up to Bulawayo on a prospecting trip.
As he would have to give 90 per cent,
however, of all he found to the English
Chartered Company, he soon found there
would be little comparative reward for his
efforts, and he decided to give it up.
He was not at Johannesburg af the time ]
of the Jamison raid, but heard it discussed
before he struck out from the metropolis
of the Dutch republic.
"I expected a move in that direction,"
he said, "but didn't think it would come
quite so soon. It was talked about before
1 left.
""The Americans generally were well sat
isfied with the existing laws, but the Brit
ish people were not. They wanted the right
to vote. In fact, if the foreigners at "Jo
hannesburg had had the right to vote
there would not have been a Dutchman in
oltice. They could have turned them all
out, and no doubt would, for every office
there is filled with Dutchmen.
"But the Dutchmen of the republic said,
in effect, 'lf you don't like our laws you
can go back to your own country. We
didn't ask you to come, and you can go if
you want to.'
"As a matter of fact the laws are good
there, and are administered quickly and
with a desire to accord justice everywhere,
so far as I could see. All the Americans
were of this opinion, too, except a few who
were in the employ of the big companies
having offices in London, and who thought
it waa to their advantage to always act
with them.
"Outside of this I don't believe there are
more than a dozen Americans on the
Hand. They all want to get back. Some
how money slips away there rapidly, no
matter what you get, and it's a common
thing t>> near them say there, 'Well, as
soon as I get money enough I'll go back to
God's eountrv.'
"South Africa is good enough in its
way, but when a man gets there he won
ders what brought him and why he left a
country a.s good as this to go* away off
thereto a strange land that really won't
reach his standpoint of being good* for 100
or 1000 years.
"But the Dutch are really better to the
whites than the English or American
syndicates would be if they had things
their way. The Dutch laws provide that
one white man shall be employed with
every ten natives to direct the work. Often
the white man doesn't know aa much about
the work ac the native, but he holds his
place at $5 a day. If it wasn't for this law
the syndicates would employ all native
labor, because it would be cheaper."
Mr. Sampson is en route to the Yukon
River, Alaska. From Africa to Alaska is
a pietty good jump, but Mr. Sampson
thinks he prefers Alaska to far-away Africa.
The Flrnt Kqual Kighta Club.
The First Equal Rights Club of the Thirty
ninth District held an open meeting at the
Women's Educational and Industrial Union, 7
Van Ness avenue. Judge Cooney spote on the
benetit which the community "would derive
from woman's suffrage. Mrs. Dr. Thrasher
showed -the interest women were already
taking In having the City cleaned. Mmc".
Boeckel and Mrs. Lewis sang '-The Star-span
gled Banner." Mme. Sorbier, the president of
the club, announced that the club would there-
MRS. ALLEN AND HER MONTEREY UOME,
after hold an open meeting on the 15th of
every month until the election in November.
Information can be obtained from Mrs. C. F.
Kapp at the Hotel Bt Xichoins.
In the Thirty-Third.
The Republican Club of Thirty-third District
was organized Wednesday night in South San
Francisco with the following officers: Presi
dent, William McHugh; vice-president, Jerome
Milly; receiving secretary, Kdward Turner;
financial secretary, R. Morris; treasurer, 11. K.
Rahlrnann; executive committee, J. A. C.
Darks, John Lnnkenau, Robert Turner. Ed
ward Mealy, James L. Butcher, D. Ellis, W.
Warner; enrollment commitee— John Lanke
nau, P. H. Wulff, Dr. M cl.au trlUin, Barney
Lag rave, L.: Brinig; finance committee-G.
W essell, C. Milly, l\ F. Steiner. There was an en
rollment of 118 names.
New Debating Society.
On Friday evening, the 15th inst., at the
residence of Julius H. Medau, 318 Sixth street,
the South Side Debating Society was organized
by a large number of the residents of that pros
perous and progressive portion of the City
The purpose of the society Is to hold weekfv
debates oa subjects of interest to residents and
property-owners of that district, with a view
of stimulating the efforts of Its inhabitants
toward securing many necessary public im
provements.
James Holmes, William Starr, D. Dunne, J.
D. Kcßea, Neil Collins, W. Dowling, E. G.
Wat's and W. M. McCoy, charged with the
murder of Mars, the lather, were arraigned be
fore .Midge Belcher yesterday. They ail pleaded
not euiity, and their cases were set lor trial
on May 25. Thomas pwilles, William Pattee,
Henry Rothjany, I. Rivers, J. Haley, William
Perkins and John Finn were not arraigned. ,
THE SAX FKAXCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY 17, 1896.
AN OLD HOUSE DOWN
IN MONTEREY.
The First Frame Structure
Erected in California
Still Standing.
WAS IMPORTED FROM ENGLAND
Mrs. Allen Saw It Put Together
and Has Resided in It
Ever Since.
"For forty-six years I have lived in this
hou?e," said Mrs. Bushton-AUen of Mon
terey, *'and what is more I brought it over
with me from old England.
'•That sounds strange, doesn't it? Well
it was this way. My husband, Mr. Bush
ton, was a grain merchant and lived al
most entirely upon the seas. He traveled
to many lands, and when he would come
home from a trip he a' ways brought me
some rare and curious things from the
various ports that he had visited.
"In time our collection became so large
and valuable that I decided to open a
museum. One day the American Consul
came in to see our collection, and I began
talking to him of America; he told me
wonderful stories of the gold discoveries
in California, and I was fired with ambi
tion to emigrate to the glorious Golden
West.
"When my husband returned I told him
of my desire, but be didn't favor the pro
ject, and asked me how I would like to
sleep in a barrel with my feet outside, and
he said, 'There are no houses in California.'
He knew that this would be a strong argu
ment against my going, as I had always
lived in a comfortable and luxurious house.
"I proposed, however, that we take lum
ber with us and build a bouse. This idea
struck him as a good one, but instead of
merely taking lumber he improved upon
my suggestion, and had seven houses built
for shipping. Every joist and every door
and window was carefully numbered and
marked, so that they could be put together
easily.
"We placed all of these.with our freight,
upon the Elizabeth Starbuck, with Captain
Parker in command. We were to l>e taken
direct to San Francisco, then the Mecca
to which tbe whole world was traveling.
"After we had been out to sea a few days,
the mate warned us that the captain was
a dishonest mariner; that he on several
occasions had sold cargoes and appropria
ted the money. Of course this m;id>> us
uneasy, an J never have I spent ten months
oi such anxiety as I did during tbat voy
age.
"When we reached thpCnlifornian coast
we found that the mate's warning was
only too true. The captain refused to
land us at San Francisco, lor fear of being
apprehended. He wanted to land us some
where off the southern coast, and threat
ened to sink the ship if the passengers dis
sented. We were all armed", however, and
t: ere was a mutiny on board.
"The captain was placed in irons and
the first mate took command, but, know
ing nothing of this coast, accidentally
landed us in Monterey harbor.
"Our houses were taken off the vessel,
and betore many weeks had passed we
were under the roof of the first irai.ie
house ever placed on Caiifornian soil.
"A irame house was a curiosity to the
natives, and even the soldiers stationed in
Monterey came to see the bouses and
wanted to rent rooms at any price. My
husband fixed up the other bouses, and
we rented even the smallest room lor $2C a
month.
"One of the most exciting incident- that
has occurred in my liie happened right
here in this room," continued Mrs. Allen.
as she sat in a long, low-ceiled room
facing the street. "It had been rented by
fouryoune fellows, who had a few d&Tfl
I oefore come down to the capital from the
Sutler mines. They came to my house to
board.
"I was awakened one night by the rat
tling of money in their room, and presently
heard them tiptoeing out in the little gar
den in the rear, where they buried the
money.
"This all seemed suspicion* to me, and
the next day, when it was reported that
$30,000 had been stolen from the Custom
house, it dawned upon me that this was
the money I had heard rattle in the
strangers' room.
"I informed the officers where the money
was, they promising to protect me and mv
children. 1 '
The men were captured and placed in
the little adobe prison, the ruins of which
can be seen from Mrs. Allen's window.
During the night the men escaped and
were tracked to San Francisco, where they
were lynched. The names of the most
daring of the four were Quick and
Osborhe.
Mrs. Allen has a great many old reJics,
which she brought over from England
with her, among them some rare china
pieces, for which she has been offered
fabulous prices by tourists and collectors
of old English ware.
Among her things she has a priceless
pair of shells.
"It took my husband seven years to find
the match to the one I had; he found this
in Madagascar.
"When Lady Franklin, wife of the ex- I
plorer, and a kind friend and patron of I
ours, while we had our museum, saw ihe
shells she offered me a large sum for them.
But of all my treasures, there is nothing I
value more highly than I do this little In
. NEW TO-DAT-DRY GOODS-. ***'":
GREAT PEAK I PRICES TiS WEEK !
1
• — ■ ! . . — — iH^O?H . — ., — ,
Finding ourselves HEAVILY OVERSTOCKED, owing to the backwardness of the season and
the unusually vast magnitude of our purchases, we have determined TO ACCELERATE
TRADE TO ITS UTMOST and to that end we have THOROUGHLY OVERHAULED AND
MARKED DOWN EVERYTHING to figures that buyers who study their own interests will
take immediate advantage of, for
__wn BARGAIN OPPORTUNITY HAS not BEEN PRESENTED IN years !
LACE JIPARTBNT! I PAEASOLS ! FiBASOLS ! j LADIES' m BLOW! [ ECSIERTISILpiimEAE
At 15c, 25c, 35c a Yard. At 75 Cents. At 75 Cents. At 15 Cents a Pair.
BUTTER ORIENTAL LACE. 6, 9 and 11 CARRIAGE PARASOLS, in black satin. 2000 pairs 4-BUTTON KID GLOVES, in 100 dozen BOYS' BLACK RIBBED COT-
inches wide, in a large variety of pat- lined, value $1 50, will be offered at 75c cream and white, black embroidered TON HOSE, extra heavy made spe-
terns. regular value 25c, 35c and 50c. each. back, regular value $1 25, will be offered cially for boys' wear, regular price 25c.
At 20c, 25c, 30c, 40c, 50c and 60c " 7 ° C a pair *
a Dozen. At $1.00. At 75 Cents. At 25 Cents a Pair.
WHITE and BUTTER VALENCIENNES CARRIAGE PARASOLS, in Gloria Silk, 2000 pairs 5-BUTTON KID GLOVES, in 150 dozen CHILDREN'S FINF PiUßvn
LACE, in endless variety; special this lined, will be offered at $1 each. brown and tan shades, also black, reg- °lACO conov wnsv I,,ki vSf?
week at 20c, 25c. 30c. 40c. 50c and GOc ' ular value »1 25, will be offered at 75c J l^ ° °™ 0* HO SE double knees,
per dozen yards. Also finer qualities a pair. ha le' reSa'r nS rAS^ ta "
at greatly reduced prices. 4 A t $1.00. At 75 Cents. ' gUlar pnCe 3 ° C and ° C
Ul -. oft. os c q^ c SA, _ n(1 m CARRIAGE PARASOLS, in Gros-Grain 1800 pairs 5-HOOK KID GLOVES, in
r»Ti«T'r" .\n iv^PTmvc t • P ' and Surah, with ruffle trimming, all black, regular price ?1 25, will be of- At 25 Cents a Pair.
BA E ] SS r SS&Sti silk, will be offered at n each fered at 75C a palr - 200 dozen LADIES' FINE MACO COT-
large assortment will be offered at 15c, At 80 Cents ninM. «i E ' extra high-spliced heels,
20c:25c, 35C, »c, 7,, and » per yard. 1750 irs tli!?™' DERBY KID st^a^aS, 1%&%£%%
At 20c, 25c. 30c, 40c, 50c and Up. CARRIAGE PARASOLS," in Gros-Grain RtoiSVS^broSn^Sn and ™ aY? *"" d ° Zen '
GRASS LINEN INSERTIONS. BANDS, and Surah Silk, two ruffles, value $2 50, also back regular^a ue *1 *5 wUI &
EDGINGS AND ALL-OVERS, a com! will be offered at $1 50 each. offered at 80c amY ' At <**,• fVnt- n« 1
plete assortment, will be offered at 20c. °" erea at *° C a pair> i( _ . At T ??&*? nt J* a Pair «
_5C 30c, 40c, 50c, 60c. 75c, 90c and $1 • A t *1 00 17 a? 2^ l^ l^ 4 1 "^ 11 BLACK
At $2.00. 1650 .airs 4-bASn^EDE GLOVES JK2S Sl^ouS^^le^d «[
At 10c 15c, 20c, 25c a Yard Un CARRIAGE PARASOLS, in Gros-Grain (large buttons), in tan, slate, brown Hermsdorf black, regular price 50c ' '
PAMRPI^ v\T\<?nni: Avn rwtco Silk, rufiled trimmed, silk lining, value and mode shades, also black, regular
GU I IV EMBROIDERY with In- ■ **' will be offered at * 2 each value ?1 50 will be offered at ?1 a pair.
sertions to match, latest designs, will At $1.00. At sOc » 75c » 85c » $1.25, $1.50 Each.
be offered at 10c. 16c, 20c, 25c, 35c and 1500 pairs 4-BUTTON DERBY KID j LADIES' SWISS RIBBED SILK VESTS,
ate per yard. At $2.50. GLOVES, in tan, red. brown and Eng- ' low neck and sleeveless, in cream,
CARRIAGE PARASOLS, in White Chif- Hsh red shades, extra eood value for I black, pink, sky and lavender, regular
NECKWEAR! NECKWEAR! f on with black polka dots, value $4, $1 50, will be offered at $1 a pair. price to $2 25 each.
_l_U_.n_All! i)!_uj_W_All ! At $1.25.
a* — c 4. 1000 pairs 4-BUTTON FRENCH KID At 75 Cents Each.
$1.00, $2.00, $2.50, $3.50 and Up. . AnTT: c , __ ,'„ !; c " ts : D (_. OM GLOVES (large buttons to match LADIES' JERSEY RIBBED EGYPTIAN
LATEST NOVELTIES IN LACE COL- LADIES 22-INCH /V\ HIT*. PARASOLS, gloves), in tan, mode and brown col- COTTON UNION SUITS, high neck
LARS. COLLARETTES, FRONTS suitable for seaside, will be offered at ors, also black, extra value for $1 75, long sleeves, regular _rice $1
RUFFLES, etc., the newest creations, tOC each. | will be offered at $1 25 a pair,
will be offered at $1. $2, $2 50, $3 50, $4 ZZZZZZZZZIZZZZ:
and each. SPECIAL PURCHASE!
SPECIAL PURCHASE!
EXTRA SPECIAL! ; - CORSETS. CORSETS.
Af «1 V.,-1 _ About 430 pairs FINE PURE WOOL WHITE BLANKETS (slightly imperfect),
,c« • L-M 1 1 ?! m- r. l if^noo, bousht at a nominal price, to be sold this week at far less than mill cost." They com- At $1.00.
186 pieces EMBROIDERED MOUSSE- prise cradle, crib, cot, single bed to the extra size blanket*. " T i mF c, q A TTFFVrm?<STTTQ i 1
LINE DE SOI E. black ground, elabo- LADIES SATTEEN CORSETS, extra long
rately embroidered in colors, 24 Inches ' waist, two side steels and patent loop
'- j
UJ Murphy Building, / (/(/ Murphy Building, / (/(/ Murphy Building, / ft^Murphy Building, /
Market and Jones Streets. Market and Jones Streets. Market aid Jones Streets. Market an. Jones Streets.
dian shawl, given me by Lady Franklin.' 1
Mrs. Allen is now S6 years old, bnt looks
much younger.
"1 have broiiEht'up thirty -five children
and grandchildren right here," said the
old lady with a proud look in her bright
eyes, "and they all love and respect
their old jjran'iy."
At present she keeps house for two sons,
i onoa widower with three little girls. She
does all the baking and mending for the
', family. She is remarkably wo]J preserved
i and has nearly all her "teeth, and can
; thread a needle without glasses.
MONTEREY LANDMARK.
Mexican Veterans Object to the
Proposed Sale of the Old
Custom-House.
The Eear Flag Was Raised Over It
Fifty Years Ago by Com
modore Sloat.
Oakland Office San Franttsco Call.)
90S Broadway, May 16. f
The Association of Mexican War Vet
erans is greatly opposed to the selling of
the oM Monterey Custom-house as pro
vided for in a joint resolution now before
Congress.
At a recent moetinsr the follow
ing telegram was ordored sent to the Cali
fornia delegation at Washington :
Unanimous vote Veteran* Mexican War, Pa
cific Coast, against the joint resolution Con
gress selling Monterey ( uMom-house reserva
tion, where Commodore Sloat hoisted Ameri
can flag fifty years ago. It is stored. Clear it
of trespass. Give it to Monterey for historical
purposes only. Kdwin a. Sherman,
(hhirman committee.
Major Sherman seist the dispatch this
morning, and to-night he left for Mon
terey to confer with the committee of ar
rangements of that place regarding the
coming celebration.
Preparations are advancing in a satis
factory manner for the commemoration of
the fiftieth anniversary of the raising of
the American flag at Monterey by Commo
dore Sloat.
Tbe Board of Supervisors of Solano
County has appointed a committee to se
lect a "piece of granite from that county
which is to be incorporated into the mon
ument which is to be erected at Monterey
to the memory ot Commodore Sloat. This
is the first county that has taken steps in
this direction. Other counties will follow
suit.
A general acceptance of the invitation
to be present at the exercises of the un
veiling of the monument is being experi
enced amonir people in public stations.
The Supreme Court of the State will be
present in a body. There will be a large
number of United States army officers.
The artillery will be furnished by General
Forsyth of the Department of California.
Thomas Wand and James Buchanan,
both of whom are veterans at the Soldiers'
Home at YountvilJe, and who were of the
crew of the sloop Levant at the time of
the Hag-raising, will also be present.
There are now in Napa County about
half a dozen members of the bear flag
party and they tfill take part in another
bear flag raising which will take place in
Sonoma on the proper anniversary. The
raising of the American flag will then be
repeated by the same party.
SLOAT AT MONTEREY.
Raising of tbe Flag to Be Celebrated
in July.
The semi-centennial anniversary of the
raising of the American Hag in this State
will be celebrated in Monterey on July 4,
5, 6 and 7.
The committees in charge want to make
it a State affair, and with that end in view
I AA. A __. 633 MARKET STREET 111 __. _ 7T^
At Auction * «_,__, At Auction
SAN FRANCISCO GASLIGHT COMPANY.
Fronting First, Fremont, Beale, Howard and Moma Streets.
i ~ ; ~ ~ — ■
NATOMA STREET.
L 100 '-'5 25 25 106 f * 137:8 137T6 72 £
6 15 § * »
5 6 18 17 16 14 . ~g ' - - 16 •=
S 6 18 17 16 14 • -
S 4 » x 13 g : : fl
Bs i s s — : — n — — - I s •• 3 - ' ■ g - s ____________1 2
|E i 'j 8 • » -.8 i 2 YlO » — ■
'5 3 ' X 10 o H _ • - w d
50 : 25 25 25 100 'I *jl * 15 1251 a , I " || ■
HOWARD STREET. J
, ~' " 25 25 25 25 25 S-Te! ! : : — . " ■ —
2 H - • ■
2 65_321J£ ± * fit H
* ox x- '.\ **-*^ 5
.' -1 ■■■■■" S3 * - g
Is .  I 3
v ; * \
Business and Mechanical Industries surround this property.
This property is located In the present growing business portion of our city, and certainly has the brightest
outlook for Investors of any section.
Business men, capitalists! investors and speculators should examine this property, for it certainly presents
an elegant opportunity for one and all to obtain a large percentum on the capital they may Invest.
TERMS-One-fourth cash, balance In 1, 2 and 3 years. Interest 7 per cent per annum.
N. 8.-Callfornla Title Insurance and Trust Company will issue a policy of insurance to each purchaser for
the amount of the purchase price for the sum of $25 for each 25-foot lot.
-PROBATE SB_3_.:_-,__3_
Easterly line of South Park, 143 feet southwest of Second Street. Two houses, Nos. 61 and 70, about 6
rooms each, with cottage in rear of No. 70. House and lot No. 61 Is 22 by about 130 feet. House and lot No. 7O
is 18 by about 120 feet, with cottage in rear. The property will be sold as an entirety or In the two subdivisions.
Handsome park In front of the property. TERMS-CASH. Subject to approval of Superior Court.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO., AUCTIONEERS,
638 33-I__l___;_3»r i STREET.
the Governor will be asked to proclaim
July 7 a legal holiday.
On that day in IMS Commodore Sloat
raised the American Mag at Monterey and
tormally look possession of California In
the name of the Unitea States. The bear
flag, or Hag of rebellion against tbe Mexi
can Government, was spread to the breeze
in old Sonoma on the 14th of June of the
same year, but it was nearly a month later
before the stars and stripes floated over
the Republic's new possession.
The committees in charge wish to have
the corner-stone of the monument to Com
modore Sloat and his Hag laid on July 7.
Congress has made an appropriation for
the monument, and each county in the
State has promised to furnish a stone.
The following committee has been ap
pointed to canvass for funds in this City:
J. D. Pholan, S. H. Daniels, Carroll Cook,
M. Taylor.
An 8800 Blaze.
An alarm was sounded from box 159 Fri
day at 3:15 p. m. for a tire in a tiro-story frame
dwelling-house, owued by James O'Neal and
occupied by Mrs. Lackie, at 9 Harriet street
The fire was caused by a defective chimney.
The building was damaged to the extent of
$500 and its contents $300.
2122
CHARLES M. SriORTRIDQE,
Editor and Proprietor.
SUBSCRIPTION RATES-Postage Free:
Daily and Sunday Cam., one week, by carrier..
Sally and Sunday Call, one year, by ma 11.... 6.00
Dally and Sunday Call, six months, by mall.. S.OO
Dally and Sunday Cad., three months by mail 1.9U
Daily and Sunday Cam., one month, by mall.. .86
Sunday Cam., cue year, by mall 1-50
V'KIKLY Call, one year, by mall 1-50
THE SUMMER MONTHS.
Are you polng to th« country on a vacation ? II
to, it is no trouble lor us to forward THE CALL to
your address. Do not lot It miss you for you will
miss It. Orders given to the carrier or left a:
Business Oflloo will receive prompt attention.
NO EXTRA CHARGE.
BUSINESS OFFICE:
710 Market Street,
San Francisco, California.
Tele [bone Maln-18(H:
EDITORIAL ROOMS:
017 Clay Street.
If i hone Maln-1574
BRANCH OFFICES:
680 Montgomery street, corner Clay: open until
8:30 o'clock.
339 Hayes gireet: open until 9:30 o'clock.
713 Larklr> street; open until 0:30 o'clock.
fcW. corner Sixteenth and Mission streets: open
until 9 o'clock.
2618 Mission street; open until 9 o'clock
-116 Mnth street; open until 9 o'clock.
OAKLAND OFFICE :
gob Broadway.
EASTERN OFFICE:
Teems SI and '■'-■ St lark Bow, New York CltJ
DAVIS M. FOLTZ, Special Agent.
KUNDAY.. MAY 17, 1896
1HI: CALL SPEAKS FOR ALL.
The outing season has come in.
The matrimonial season seems to be full
ot rich things.
It is about settled lhat G rover is too fat
for anuther race.
About this time half the sweet things in
lie are in shirt waists.
-^ 9 -
The Easter oontiet has begun to look
enviously at the summer hat.
We might at least be given a respite
from the transfer nu sauce on Sunday.
Some people exert themselves more to
have a re?t than they do at their work.
Why not get the merchants to run a fes
tival for us and make a wholesale thing
of it .
The Presidential campaign is like no
other, and in that respect it resembles
them ali.
Kvery time Congress gets ready to turn
loose something else conies along for it to
take hold of.
Shakespeare's remark about "the sessions
of sweet silent thought had no allusion
to the Senate.
If the Populists are able to carry Texas,
as they say, they ouzht to carry it out of
reach of another cyclone.
The amateur always has a double pleas
ure in yachting— once when he starts and
once when he gets home again.
This is a good day to try to think out a
fitting name for the gorgeous festival that
is to come in like a dream through the
Golden Gate.
During the whole of the coming cam
paien you will get the fullest and fairest
reports of the proceedings of all the par
ties in The Call.
Since Massachusetts presents Russell to
Democracy a3 a candidate with the assur
ance he is himself a platform he ought to
be accepted. It would save labor.
The invention of new guns has put
France and Germany to the expense of
equipping their ii'tnies all over a^uin and
the coming war must wait until the con
tract is finished.
It is said the Government of Saxony
h:<s realized durine the past fourteen years
over $400,000 from fruit grown on trees
planted ior shade along the public high
ways.
There is no doubt the money question is
the greatest issue in the campaign, but it
must be con si rued as including everything
from National iinaiioe to the wage? of the
people.
As it is claimed the delegates to the re
cei;t Electrical Congress and Exposition
in New York representea a capital of
$750,000,000 ii appears that money makes
the motor go as well ;>.s the mare.
Those WHO think, electricity is engaging
most of the inventive ge:iius of the world
at tins time are mistaken. The records of
the Patent. Office siiow that it is mainly
directed to improving the bicycle.
Cramp thinks the Oregon !iad a better
stretch of water for a trial trip than East
ern buiit ships huve, which is only another
way of saying the victory of California
shipbuilders is a mutter of course.
As it is es.imated by European experts
that the festivities at the coronation of
the Czar will cost about $10,000,000 there
would seem to be a good chance for lome
California festival promoter to undertake
the contract for hali the money and make
a fortune out of it.
Commissioner Roosevelt has again dis
tinguished himself nn a reformer in New
York by rebuking a police inspector for
lodging a complaint against a policeman
for having his hands in his "pants pocket
while on patrol." Roosevelt insisted he
should have said trousers pocket.
According to a Pennsylvania prophet,
who claims to know, McKinley will be
nominated at St. Louis, Cleveland at Chi
cago, the Bllver men will nominate Don
Cameron, and then State pride leads the
aforesaid Pennsylvania prophet to add
that Cameron will be elected; so there
you have it all.
Ohio has a man named Dingbatls Ter
wiliger, and what ie more, sh6 has a
woman who was willing to exchange her
name for it and it was the publication of
the marriage notice which first informed
the world of this new illustration of what
names Ohio men cau bear without re
maining singular.
Chief Justice BJeckley of Georgia, who
sometimes writes poetry, took occasion on
a recent address to exalt the Atlanta Law
School ana said:
In legal education •
We mar utilise the lesson
Of common observation—
Thai contraction Is depression
And expansion elevation.
The merit of tins poetry is that it fits
the financial question about as well as it
did that of jurisprudence, and the Chief
Justice bowled over two birds with one
rocky verse.
SPEAKING FOR ALL.
During the whole course of the campaign
now approaching it will be the aim of the
editor of this paper to keep it true and
faithful to the motto, "The Call speaks
tor all." The standard of the news service
will be one of impartiality during the con
test, as it has been before. The heat of
the conflict will not warp The Call from
ils established course of publishing the
truth, and it will give the public the fullest
and fuirest reporls of the proceedings of
all parties at every ftage of the great
canvass.
The fair, accurate and complete reports
given by us of the Populist State Conven
tion during the past wees may be taken as
an example of the method iv which we
shall treat every important feature of local
news, and the fullness with which we have
published the estimates of the friends of
all candidates ior the nomination at St.
Louis of the relative strength they will
have on tho first ballot nffords an illustra
tion of the impartial way in which we
shail record ail that happens in the East.
The readers of The Call will get the news
from both bides on every issue and will get
it as accurately as our own reporters or
the United Press can obtain it in the rush
of daily events.
In holding to this course of publishing
fairly and honestly the actions of all par
ties, The Call will not in any way depart
from its stalwart Republicanism. In its
editorial columns it will maintain with all
the force it can command those great
principles of government identilied with
tlie Republican party and those measures
of politics which for the purposes of this
campaign are summed up in the phrase,
'•patriotism, protection and prosperity."
Any party opposed to these principles and
measures will find in us an honorable but
an unceasing foe. We will not misrep
resent their conventions, their mass-meet
ings or their orators, but we shall inces
santly do all in our power to warn the
people of the lolly of supporting in this
contest any party wiio?e principles have
not beeu proven benelicial by the test of
experience and whose ieadero have not
shown thtir worthiness by the performance
of treat duties iv official administration.
The Call is a newspaper uevoted to the
Republican party. As a newspaper it will
all the neis. Democrats, Populists,
Prohibitionists and Independents as well
as Republicans will find in it their party
affairs reported with the one clear aim of
making them known to the public as com
prehensively and correctly as it is humanly
possible to do. As an advocate and cham
pion of Republicanism it will in short edi
torials comment upon all events and show
their true bearings upon the issues before
the people. In this part of its work, more
over, it will aim to convince by argument
and to convert by reason those who differ
from it, rather than to denounce them, an
t:iL'onize them or even misrepresent either
the opinions they hold as honest men or
the leaders whom they believe worthy to
represent them in office.
The Republican party has no interests
opposed to the truth or the welfare
of the people. In advocatinc it there will
be nothin to tempt us to deviate from the
great policy of honest news-gathering in
all parts of the world and its impartial
publication. In this campaign therefore
as ai all times men of ali parties may look
to us for the full truth. The Call speaks
for all.
NORWAY'S LIBERTY DAY.
Eighty-two years ago to-day the people
of Norway ratified the constitution which
was to give them a greater degee of indi
vidual liberty, than was ever before en
joyed uy their countrymen. The people
generally did not take kindly at lirst to
the idea of being an annex, so to speak, of
Sweden, and being subject lot c authority
of a Swedish King, but it was considered
such a long stride away from the rule of
Denmark, which had oppressed Norway
so Ivnz, that the more conservative of the
Norwegian political leaders advised the
ratification of the new constitution which
was to bind Norway and Sweden in one
na'ion.
Norway secured so many concessions in
the direction of personal liberty and prop
erty rights, however, that it was a great
victory after all. One of the leading if
not the most important features of the
new constitution provided that the King
should have no right to alter or prevent
t.e altering of the spiril of the compact.
No doubt Norwegian statesmen had that
provision inserted so that the people
might of themselves change the constitu
tion frum time to time as new and better
conditions were demanded. But anyway
it is very certain that but for the deter
mination of the Norwegians to resist an
nexation to Sweden, except upon terms
which guaranteed them a very much
wider range of liberty than they before
enjoyed, Sweden would have made of Nor
way little if anything more than a depen
dency.
Hence, in celebrating May 1", Norwe
gians commemorate an event in the his
tory of the land of their fathers which im
plies as deep and as positive a principle of
individual sovereignty as does our own
Fourth of July, and it may be said that
these sons of the Scandinavian peninsula
have been the leaders for more than a
thousand years of the advancing thought
of Europe toward greater freedom and
better conditions of living for the common
people, and a corresponding curtailment
of the alleged "divine right" of kings.
But the true Norwegian could not be other
than a loyal and enthusiastic friend of
human liberty. He is of the Aryan race,
and to that race civilization has always
looked for strengtn and encouragement to
reach higher and better levels.
THE LOGIC OF THE PAST.
In ratio to the increase in farm and ranch
products in the countries that are in com
petition with the United States in the
markets of Europe will Europe buy less of
us. and naturally so, for to do otherwise
would be to contradict the authority of the
unwritten law of commerce. Great Brit
ain, more especially, gave our cereals and
provisions the preference so long as we
were content to remain a strictly agricul
tural people and buy onr supplies of goods
and wares of the nianufucturers. It was a
most satisfactory arrangement for Great
Britain, for the balance of trade was con
tinually in her favor, is he could well af
ford to pay good prices for our breadstuffs
and provisions, because the power and the
commercial right remained with her to
determine whut we should pay for the prod
uct of her industries.
Before America became a country of
farms and livestock ranches Ensland had
un immense trade with other nations, hence
America only furniahed^an additional de
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY 17, 1896.
mand for P.riiish money and British mer
chandise. But it was very different with
this country. Being a producer of grains
and meats only, our people were obliged
to seek buyers in markets already estab
lished and aa a new competitor. In otntr
words, being a new country, Europe's mar
kets, particularly those of England, wcro
absolutely necessary to us, but the things
we had lo sell, and which we were obliged
to find buyers for, were not necessary to
Europe. Great Britain more than any
other country found in us a most valuable
customer, in that she had an additional
source of breadstuffs and provision sup
plies, and a demand for her own products
which left us with an annual cash balance
to pay.
These trade relations were maintained
abuut eighty-live years, and under them
the total wealth accumulation of our peo
ple reached the sum of a little over fifteen
billion dollars. About thirty-three yeara
ago our people concluded that if Europe
could grow rich by converting raw ma
terials into merchantable commodities
America could do it too. The product of
that resolve is not only seen in the tens of
thousands of industrial enterprises that
dot the whole country, out in the output
of these industries, which is competing for
supremacy in the markets of the manu
facturing centers of Europe. Meanwhile
the material wealth of our people as a
whole has increased nearly four times
over what it was when we resolved to try
the home-industry experiment.
In view of these facts— facts that are
authenticated by the census returns of the
Nation — it is hard to understand how any
sensible person would rather see the coun
try abandon the economic principle of
protection and return to a Nation of a
purely agricultural people. The logic of
past events in the country's business and
social life, the now widespread opportunity
for individual effort at home- making and
the enormous increase in the wealth of the
Nation all testify that tht doctrine of pro
tection and National piogress are synony
mous.
THE COLLEGE COMMENCEMENT.
It has been said, "A college education is
merely the index of an encyclopedia of
general knowledge," but it uhould be more
than that, it should be a stimulant to
seek knowledge in all the fields of exi>eri
ence. To the young eraduate, however,
the world beyond the campus is too apt to
appear to him as a great orchard whose
trees bear Eoiden apples in all seasons,
and that all he has to do is to hold out his
"sheepskin," shake a tree and walk away
laden with fruit to the uttermost of his
bean's desire, and it is better so, perhaps,
for it is easier to recover from the
fatigue of seeking water in a mirago in
youth than later in life, and somehow
man seems predestined to pass by the real
in a wildchase after the will-o'-the-wisp at
some period in hia earthly existence.
But the young man of to-day is far
better equipped to stem the currents of
the outer world than his forefathers were.
They were isolated from parsing events,
but the introduction of steam and elec
tricity puts the college boy these days in
touch with all the world.
His nioruing newspaper tells him of the
happenings in every land for the preced
ing twenty-four hours, while the monthly
and quarterly magazines teem with the
truest and latest information from all the
fields of science, philosophy, rtrt and litera
ture. The college boy of to-day has oppor
tunities to acquire knowledge that were
not enjoyed by the collegian in any former
a.c or time, anJ, generally speaking, he is
wiser, mentally stronger and more ?hor
ou£hly educated than boys were a century,
yes, a half or even a tiuarter of a century,
ag ».
And it may be said that boys quitting
college tnese days, our California boys cer
tainly, are better prepared every way to
enter upon the stern and exacting activi
ties of life than their fathers were. More
over they, for the most part, have higher
a~p rations and more fully realize the im
portance of the responsibilities they as
sume in the world of independent being
than the youth of a few decades ago. And
too, more clearly than in any former pe
riod, the vouiik graduate understands that
while there always is room at the top it is
reached only i>y that la>ider whose rounds
are moral worm, honesty of purpose and
business integrity.
MUNICIPAL GOVERNMENT.
We all become enthused and anxious in
Ptate and National political contests, and,
whether we are iroved by party pride or
not, good conies of it. Generally speak
ing, the people turn down the party in
power whenever it gets too far from funda
mental principles in State and National
administration, but almost always the re
verse of this is true in municipal govern
ment. And yet the government of our
cities on line* of honesty, economy and
moral strength is in some respects more
important to the social and business inter
ests of the people than good State or
National government.
The city is the objective poiut of all the
highways of travel and trade. It is the
center of accumulation and distribution of
the products of industry and it is the mar
ketplace where the goods and wares of
the territory tributary are bought and
sold. The city is a center of virtue and
vice; of intelligence and ignorance; of
honesty and dishonesty; of social splen
dor and social squalor and degradation; of
houses of God and the haunts of Satan;
of men and women of the highest and of
the lowest character: of affluence and
poverty; of pleasure and paia; of high art
and of bare pictures; of everything, in
fact, that goes to make an earthly paradise
and an earthly sheol.
Our cities supply the bench, the bar and
the pulpit with great and wis" men and
the penitentiaries with criminals. They
are the center of publication of great news
papers, magazines, books and journals for
the enlightenment of the people, and they
also harbor publishers of the vilest kind of
literature. In short, the city is at once the
keeper and defender of purity and right
eousness and the patron of everything that
is low, vile and degrading.
Now, it will not oe denied that the bet
ter element of society in all cities is in the
majority — that those who rule are weak
numerically as compared with those who
represent the business and social strength
of the community — but it is a fact that in
nearly all American cities the majority
permit the minority to rule, rob and
plunder the public. It is not an uncom
mon thing to see a hail crowded with
prominent business men to hear a noted
speaker discuss National economic prob
lems or international law, but nothing
would move them to atttnd a primary to
help overthrow the ward boss and his
following of toughs, who will, later on,
control the nominating convention. No
city government need be nor would it be
in the hands of bad and dishonest men if
the better class would do their duty.
Municipal reform is very much needed in
all American cities, but the work of
reformation must begin with the business
men and taxpayers.
Now is the time for Kepublicans to or
ganize and begin to bring iv recruits.
IN LESS SERIOUS MOOD.
BY CHARLES P. SOTTH.
Kugene T. Sawyer, author, actor, dramatist
and all-roun.l newspaper man, has written a
play which may soon appear oa the boards of
a San Francisco theater, and this piny, without
a doubt, will excel four-fifths of the alleged
dramas tnnt are annually foisted upon us from
the East. Sawyer is a genius in his way. Had
he been content to abide in the field of humor,
fame and fortune might have blessed him
years ago. As a coaitdian, too, he is said to
have been a prince of mirih-provokers. It is
told of him that a body oi Good Tempiar3 in a
country town studied up 'Solon bhingle" and
got Eugene to play the title role. The re
hearsals were carried on without the star's
presence, the local actors learning their re
spective "cues" to a nicety. The eventful
evening curne, and with it came Eugene. The
play ran along all right until Sawyer's turn
came to say something. lie said it, and kept
right on.
Eugene's previous stage experience hud been
with people who were never troubled by the
loss of a "cue," ana his fatal facility of word;>
dumfounded the Good Templars. They
waited for the "cue" that never came. Once
in a while Eugene would stop and look around,
as if to invite a word from somebody else. No
wi ril coming, he 6tarU>d in again, and acted
the whole play. He told all the funny stories
he could recall, and the play was enthusiasti
cally applauded from beginning to end. The
audience finally became so interested in Eu
gene that they stamped and called for him
whenever he wasn't on the sta^e. But the
Good Templars never again invited Eugene to
assist them. While the sun wiu> bhiniug the
stars could not be seen.
Sawyer didn't realise a snti>!""ftory income
from his humorous ske;cln-.».niid he got started
on stories of the bcnsational tyro. As Eastern
periodicals offer inducements for that sort of
literature Eugene hus been reeling off serial
after serial for the last twenty years. Hie
stories are full of action, and thrilling inci
dents abound. From Sawyer's sempbooks, by
the w«y, a very good history of California
could be compiled, for he has puslcluwny
everything he has deemed worthy of preserva
tion since his career as a writer began about
thirty years ago. Ik- i- a rapid worker, and in
the space of a couple of weeks may turnout
a tale that will bring him from $150 to $300.
Joaquin Marietta and Tiburcio Vazquez, the
bandits, were among Eugt-ne's curlier heroes,
but latterly he. has been reveling in myttery
stories, liberally besprinkled with ruddy gore.
lie is capable of better things.
But the mention of the new play recalls
Sawyer' 6 first venture in the dramatic line. It
was some fifteen or twenty years ago, when
Eugene was the shining llghtof newspaperdom
in the Garden City, that he put into effect his
idea of awar play. Jt was written from a neu
tral standpoint, being entirely devoid of sec
tional prejudices and relating ■ stotf wherein
the Northerner and the Southerner niierht lind
equal pleasure. Tho best home talent avail
able was secured. There were two heroes and
two heroines in the cost. For the Southern
hero and heroine Eugene selected John T.
Malone (who afterward playeJ with Booth and
Keene) and Miss Eleanor ( alhoun, who has
but recently made a brilliant, success on the
European stage.
The Northern hero and heroine were repre
sented, as it happened, by lesser lights among
the amateurs. This blunder laid that drama
on the shelf. The production waf under the
auspices of a Northern patriotic organization.
Despite the fact that impartial critics praised
the Dlay it was tabooed by the very people who
had been counted on to boom it— and all for
the reason that the Southerners seemed to
have too much the best of it. Had Mr. Malonc
and Miss Calhoun been cast for the other two
heroic parts the play would have' received an
ovation. But Eugene T. Sawyer may yet give
to the country a play that will win popu
lar plaudits, and it is just possible that he may
do that very thing before long.
We've got the tallest trees that grow, ,
The biggest trees in girth.
On every hand are scenes as srand
As anywhere on earth.
In vines and wines and fruits and flowers.
We're Number One in these!
'Twere partial Justice to be called
The new llesperldes.
The biggest crops— the biggest men—
We rulsi! '«■»- in the West!
The fairest women 'neatb the sun—
We've got 'em with the rest.
Here Music, Art and I'oesy
Are to the manner born.
An! Plenty always drops to ill
The best that's In her horn. • . '
And now we've built a battle-ship—
The l» -si ilia plows the main!
The worid may take its hat off now
To Western skill and brain.
•
And when the mighty Oregon
Glides up the Eastern coast.
And statesmen of h»-r matchless form
And warning eriniiie.is boast.
To keep those statesmen posted—
Don't you think it would be bcu
To hang some placards on the sides—
"This Ship Was Made Out Wen"?
She was a passenger on a Rnusalito ferry
bout. As to her further identification it can
only be opined that she wns distantly related
to the Ma'aprops. She stood on the deck in a
drizzling rain while the boat approached the
tNiu^Hlito landing. l!y chance the captain
stood at her si>le. Within speaking dlstunce
on one hand several vessels were being un
rigged. Nothing escapea the woman's obser
vation, and she seemed eager ior an oppor
tunity to display her intelligence.
"Disbanding the ships, eh?'" she said, half
interrogatively :md with a side glance toward
the captain.
Ai nobody else responded the officer bent an
obliging ear and exclaimed, "Beg pardon,
madam?"
'"Disbanding the ship?,' I remarked," the
woman explained, lv somewhat louder tones.
"Excuse me, I mistook you to say 'dismant
ling.' "
"I'm not of the blundering kind," quoth
the woman, with a smart little laugh.
"But, gracious me, just look at all those
vessels headed into port 1" she continued, as
she surveyed on the other hand a score of
deep-water ships which have been lying at
anchor in Sausnlito harbor for a twelvemonth.
"At that rate, I venture to say It's awfully
squally out at sea!"
"Madam, " sala the captain, "you would
make an excellent pilot. You grasp a situa
tion instinctively. To demonstrate your cor
rectness in this instance, let me tell you that
there ha.«n't been a squall at sea during the
last year but what those vessels have had their
heads turned In, just about us you *cc them
now."
The latest scheme of the rejected lover is to
send a letter to the Coroner, informing that
official where he may expect to find the cold,
dead body of the author of the epistle within
forty-eight hours, detailing the reasons which
impel him to suicide, and furnishing the name
and address of the girl who is the declared
cause of the desperate resolve. The girl is sup
posed to read the agonizing story In the daily
papers, and hastily relent, in order that she
may not have to answer morally for the de
struction of a human life. Under the admin
istration of a new woman Coroner the writer
of such letters will be jailed for lunacy, and
the Billy girl thus saved trom becoming the
life victim of a temporary aberration, caused
by the shuddering consideration of an im
aminary responsibility.
A warrior I. a bold brave man;
My sword is whetted sharp.
My deeds 1 plan for youth to »can,
And for the bardic harp.
Let Spain beware my wrath to dare!
For, give me once a start.
I'll Cuba free, and then, by Gee!
I'll wipe Spain off the chart.
I thirst for koto *nd fame galore!
My martial pose behold !
The land's all right while I'm in sight—
O, I'm a warrior bold !
Pale and thin was the man's face. Soiled
and rent were the veteran clothes that scant
ily defended his limbs from the assaults of the
wind. He stood at the curb with his back to
the entrance of a fashionable hotel and gazed
down at the cobbles of the street. Near the
gutter lay a bit of bread. Suddenly he cast bis
eyes about him, and evidently concluding that
he was unobserved stepped from the curb,
snatched up the morsel, moved back again to
the sidewalk and began to eat the dirty crust.
The action of the pale, thin individual was not
unseen by uu eye of pity. A well-dressed
young man, having witnessed the painiui
spectacle, was quit kly at the Bide of the as
sailant of the bread cruit.
"For God's sake, man, don't eat that," cried
the new actor in the scene. And while he
spoke he fished a half-dollar piece out of hi?
trousers, anl offering it in his extended pa'm
added: "This will buy you at least one gcod
meal."
Jo>-h Billings once said tnat "judging a man
by his looks was like judging how far a man
can walk in a day by looking at his boots."
Looks and actions in this case were deceptive
to an aniGzlng degree.
The pule, thin man pushed the last of the bit
of bread into his face, then looked straight into
the eyes of the man of charitable intent Mid
grinned, and as he grinned he hauled out oi a
pocket of his pantaloons a fistful of gold tens
and twenties.shook them In the other's face and
exclaimed in a miserable attempt to be ear
castic at a most inappropriate time and under
circumstances that should in decency have
forbidden it: "Save your bits, chappie; I've
got enough to buy you twice over." The kind-,
hearted man retreated in deep embarrassment.
The human enigma walked off laughing to
himself and chewing at his crust. Fiction
would not dare create a character like that.
It would seem too unreal. How regrettable
then that the character exists and that the
story is true.
Mis: ah Andro' Jaxin's dorter she's a duck:
My ! de »wagger dat she cuts yo* or.er see ! :
An 1 dig nlgßtth ain't ashamed tor say he's stuck
On Mess Jaxln— an' 111 bit she's stuck on ma.
Fo* I'se got an Invertashun in ma coat—
O.it makes me feel laic walkin' on de air!—
It's Mess Jaxin's sweet perfumigated note,
"Cum an' jinc de peanut social," I declare.
O, Mess Jaxin's yaller beauty strikes yo' dumb;
An' yo' nevab seen Vr peanut social's beat.
O, yo' orter hear 'er make de banjo hum—
Fo' de music's lak to hist yo' oil yo' feet.
Ti r Mess Jaxin's peanut social am I ?wine?
Is ter-morrer gwlne ter toiler on ter-uay?
O. yo' nevah seen a swaller-tall so fine
As I rented fo' de 'cation right away.
O. de peanut social beats de "possum cnew !
My, It's funersliuekln', plckin 1 by de sack!
Den yo' dump f ern in dor ■;..«,•.. candy stew,
Vet, 'er cocl, and den der nlggahs 'gin ter smack.
Kf yo' s*edis nlggah smackin' It's nice,
J>oan' yo' lay it on the peanut-candy hunks—
Fo' it means a kiss 'at m?ang a cullud splice:
Den yo' know I'se gobbiln' joy In mighty chunks.
Den yo' know de combernashun am combined—
An' Mess Jaxin's lo' pert*-c»bun dat pertects:
Yo'll be fed on peanut pudding wen <ve'se Jined
In de joyfuliest affecsiiun dat affects.
That old controversy about whether or not a
coyote "howls and howib" is recalled by a line
iti Joaquin Milier's "Sappho and Phaon." The
judgment of the poet of the Sierras may be ac
cepted as final in the matter. A coyote "wails
and howls." The "homeless, hungry, hounded
tramp" of the backwoods and de»ertahas never
been so faithfully described in words go few
and fitting as those in which occurs the lioe to
which reference is made :
A gray coyote, monkish cowled,
I'pralsed his face and walled ainl howled,
The while he made his patient round.
A bicycle decorated with gold and having
diamonds inlaid at the bandle-bar3 has re
cently been built, and there is on record an
other bicycle, of which one of the wheels Is of
gold and the other of silvar, while the handles
are studded with opals and pearls. However,
these instances of excessive luxury are not, as
some argue, an indication of the Decline and
Fall of the Bike. The case of nations ha* an
antithesis iv the case of the bicycle. Whosoever
remembers his first les.-on on the wheel will
bear witness to the fact that the fail of the
bike happens at the start.
Why shouldn't the man who invented poker
be termed tho father of the X-raiscT
TWO POPULAR SLEEVES.
The bishop sleeve is one of the most popular
for round waists, whether ot silk, velvet or
woolen fabrics. It is a distinctively new
feature of this season, an o'.d waist remodeled
by a pair of new sleeves and n. •<••).- no knowl
edge of dressmaking, thus making an oppor
tunity for any woman to have an extra waist
if a well rlttin-r bodice be left of last season's
wardrobe. A black, brown or blue, or in fact
any plain waist may be made stylish and use
ful by mukiiiK sleeves of plaid. Add a collar
n;i.t belt of the plaid and the waist is done. A
plain fold of the piaid down the cenver front
may be added, or a strip luid overeach shoulder
scam ending in a point over the sleeve.
felceves ofchin'on in a silk or satin bodice
make a dressy waist.
A handsome bodice of silk or satin may be
made to do admirable service by adding sleeves
of printed velvet, or of the checked or striped
velveteens.
The upper sleeve Is the melon sleeve. It is
principally popular for evening and house
wear. It is cut in sections and over the seams
joining these is laid a narrow jet of gimp trim
ming. A lace is used from the narrowest to
four or five Inches in width. A beautiful waist
of pink peau de soie had the seams of these
sieeves covered with sable. One of blue China
nilk had ruffles of blue, yellow ami rose chiffon,
an inch in width, and all gathtreu together
bewn in each seam.
A BIG VICTORY.
Pan Diego Sun.
The big feature of the Sacramento conven
tion was the manner in which John D.
Spreckels went to the front. He began with a
fight in Sun Francisco, and had opposition all
along the line. Even the Los Angeles Times
was against him, and went so destructively
far as to call him John "Dough" Spreckels. It
was iiiso supposed that Spreckels was against
McKinley and iv favor of Allison, which was a
handicap. But Spreck, Is went in and won
everything he appeared to want to win, and
was elected delegate at large by a vote of 504
out of a total of t>3s— lacking less than 100 of
the entire vote of the convention. That is a
big victory for a man who has been called
"Doueh." and the result of it all is to mate
John Dough the boss of the RepnDlican party
in this State. In the case of McKinley'a fina"l
success it also may mean a place in tns Cabi
net, or a United States senatorship for John
Dough.
PROGRESS OF EQUAL SUFFRAGE
Santa Barbara El Barbereno.
It must be with leelings of gratification that
the noble women, fighting so bravely lor suf
frage, view their success. True, their rights
have not yet been accorded them, but on every
hand recruits are found; ana it has remained
ior California to furnish the first great metro
politan daily paper that dares come out and
take a firm stand for equal suffrage rights for
all the people. The San Francisco Call, one
of the most influential journals of the West
has declared that woman's suffrage is the
coming Issue; and, moreover, it states the fol
lowing: "The Republican party should give a
helping hand to tho woman's suffrage move
ment.' 1
A HOUSEHOLD FAVORITE
San Francisco Pacific Ensign.
The friends of equal suffrage were rejoiced
at Sunday's Call coming out boldly and in a
masterly way declaring in favor of the pro
posed amendment. The Call is looked upon
as being the most progressive and liberal
Eaperinthe City and is a favorite In many
ousfeholds, as not so much objectionable mat
ter Is found in its columns. We congratulate
the suffragists on the acquisition of this able
champion, as their cause will be strengthened
by the great influence wielded by this Influ
ential paper.
A PARALLEL CASE.
New . Yoric World.
Tnii country caught many blockade-runners
carrying arms and ammunition to the Confed
erates during the Civil War. --But who ever
thought of putting one of them to death for
that offense? '
LETTERS FROM THE PEOPLE.
TH2 SINGLE TAX.
How to Promote the Prosperity of All
tho People.
Editor Call: The Manufacturers' and Pro
ducers' Association of California is engaged in
a laudable effort to encourage home industries
by requesting, through means of circulnrs,
local detuers to use domestic products and
thereby keep the money from going abroad.
But the folly of dealing with the effects instead
of the causes of tlnancial depression, which
have given birth to such associations, prompts
me to ask you for space in which to say some
thing upon the subject. The broad ami liberal
view of The Call upon economic Questions is
my excuse for offering you this.
It is surprising to me that the principles of
political economy, which are so essential to
tho promotion of business industry and
wealth, should be entirely overlooked by
hs.-ociations earnestly endeavoring to promote
the public welfare. There can be but one
pohl.cal science, just as there is but one
science of mathematics, one of astronomy, or
one of chemistry. That none of the Govern
ments of the world have adoped this one sys
tem, but are all governing on different lines
in conformity witn what cuntom has be*
queathed them, shows that something must be
wrong, more especially as the industrial de
pression in limited to no particular people.
Such being the emm?, it follows that it must be
a common evil that confronts us.
So long as natural opportunities were open
to the masses, and the great West was unset
tled, the tramp was unknown and the man
who was willing to work could always nnd
something to do; but the westward march of
civilization ban at last brought us face to face
with the utmost boundaries of our country, be
yond which we cannot go— we turn backward.
By natural opportunities I mean land, which
is tho .parent of ua all, and to whom we must
look as the child to its mother for sustenance;
and why in a country of such vast area and
productive qualit.es, with a population of less
than seventy millions, should there be want
and stagnation of business?
The land Is the inheritance of mankind. The
community by reason of their presence give to
land a certain value in direct ratio to the pop
ulation. What that land is worth to the one
who uses it that person should pay annually to
the community for eommunitypurpoeeß ac
cording to the location occupied. The com
munity made the value, hence they have the
right to demand of the person using It the
economic renta.l which the privilege is worth.
In no other way can man be free. Jn no
other way should thuTGovernmcnt exist. In no
other way can you prevent the making of mil
lionaires on one end of the line and paupors on
the other.
That we have been running on wrong lines
these many years is no argument we are right.
Two and two made four before the science of
mathematics wa- promulgated ; tho planets re
volved around the sun before the science of
astronomy was known, and the true science of
political economy existed before to-day.
Why wi;ste time and paper in fighting effects
such an we are now experiencing when the
parent cause is ao plainly to be seen? Why
tax production and tine "industry and build
tariff wallit to hamper trade and commerce
when the annual rental value of land is more
than enough to cover all governmental ex
penses? This Government cannot be free until
its people are iree. We cannot and must not
tolerate industrial slavery in these United
States.
For further light upon this subject I would
refir the reader xo the "Theory of Human
Progression" by Patricu Edward Dove, "Projr
rt-s- and Poverty" by Henry George and "Social
Problems" by thi tame author. Most re
spec ttully yours for reform,
Georgk W. Locke.
POPULISTS ON PROTECTION.
They Meet tne Tariff Issue In a Busi-
nesslike Manner.
Ediinr of The Call— £ir: About two months
■ince (March 201, my "letter" to The Call
bore the title "Populists and the Tariff," in
which it was said that: -'Heretofore it has
been thp policy oi the Populists as a party to
ignore the tariff i.-sue, and individuals have
had absolute liberty to hold and cherish
any views they please on the subject. There
are protectionists as strong as McKinley and
free-traders as rank as Henry tieorge in the
People's party ail over the country who work
side by Bide in tho utmost harmony; but I
think thi' conviction is general among Popu
lists that the tariff should be takcu out of poli
tics entirely and placed la the hands of a great
non-partisan National tribunal, equal to the
Supreme Court in dijrniiy and character, the
members to ba chosen by a direct vote of the
people, and each State to have at least one
member."
It was also further gald that, "as the tariff Is
a purely business matter it should be left to
business men of the highest attainments and
churaeter to fix :he schedules and ucijust the
ratas, who should hold uffire as long as do
United States Senators, if not longer; une-nnlf
of the members should by holdovers. The in
tereatl of trade and manufacture would thus
never be subject to sudden and radical changes
with (i change in the administration. Tli»>
temptation as it now exists to use the tariff
issue for partisan advantage would then cease
forever. So far as 1 Know both the protection
ist and free-tritdo Poj.ulists are now ready to
accept this disposition of the much bufl'etcd
and mischief-breeding tariff question as an
i.-.MH' In politics."
Some ten days after the publication in The
Cam. of this prospective disposition of the
tarnl' issue by the People's party, the news dis
patches contained the announcement that 200
oi the leading commercial bodies of the coun
try, Boards of Tra'le and chambers of Com
merce, had united in a call for a congress of
business men and representatives of farmers'
organizations and trades unions to be held in
Detroit, Mich., on May 20, to devise some
method by which the tariff issue can be taken
out of politics. In a word, it has become a
burden to business too grievous to be borne
with duiuD endurance through another Presi
dential campaign as a political issue. It must
be settled in some way.
In the People's party State Convention, as
sembled in Sacramento May 13, the following
declaration was adopted by an almost
unanimous vote a» a part of the party plat
form:
We reqnest our delegates to the National Con
vention to present the followiug for its considera
tion: We favor genuine protection to American
labor by the restriction of the immigration of
foreign labor, and by a true American system of
linaiu-e which will render justice to labor and in
dustry and restrain th.> evils of usury; and we
demand the creation of a National non-pan:suu
tariff tribunal of experts by Congress which shall
be subject to the control of Congress, to the end
that tariff agitation may be taken out of politic*,
and to the end thai tariff schedules shall be so ad
justvtl that tiie beiu-fii derived therefrom shall re
sult to labor and not to trusts, and we denounce
the democratic an. 1 . .Republican parses for refus
ing o properly restrict immigration ot" foreign
labor when having power to do so in Connress.
As a delegate to the National Convention of
the Peoples party, to be held in sit. Louis July
22, it is my jnirpoae to do all I can to secure the
adoption oi thiß plank. .f our State platform
with the insertion of the single word ••elect
ive" between the words "non-partisan" and
'•tanft tribunal," thus amended, as a plank in
the National platumu. Such action would
lay the foundation for a safe and well-balanced
revenue system for the People's pmtv, which
will commend it to the good judgment and
confidence of the business men of the Nation
as well as to the wsge-earners and laborers iii
every State of the Union— a most satisfactory
revenue policy as contrasted witn that of bor
rowing money on interest-bearing bonds to
meet the necessary expenditures of the Gov
ernment in a time of profound peace, which
Cleveland Democracy has adopted and which
is about to turn that rarty out of power and
re.egnte it to the outer darkness of political
hades, where there in weeping and wailing and
gnashing of teeth. Joseph asblry Johnson
11 Essex street, San KrancUco.
SANTA MONICA.
Senator Frye Says He Originated the
Idea of Making: a Harbor There.
Boston Herald.
In view of the evidence interest In the mat
ter in New England the Herald correspondent
asked Senator Frye to make a statement about
it for publication in the Herald and he con
sented to do so. "This matter has been pend
ing," he said "for about six years. There has
been a dispute as to whether the deep-water
harbor in Southern California should be at
BanPedrooratßanta Monica. We have had
exhaustive hearings before the committees of
Congress on the subject and three reports by
the army engineers and I myself have person
ally examined the two harbors. At fijst the
strongest demand was for the improvement of
San Pedro. The army engineers recommended
it, Mr. Huntington and the Southern Pacific
Railroad wanted it, because they had invested
#3,000,000 there and other influences were at
work to bring about the Belec lion ot San Pedro.
1 took occasion, when visiting California, to
examine San Pedro and also Santa Monica
hay ana was satisfied that it would never do
t?* lry to ., make a deep-water harbor at San
ledro. while Santa Monica was quite suitable
"I supposed the next board of army en
giueers which I had sent out there wou d take
the view which 1 had taken, but it reported in
favor of San Pedro, chiefly because the en
gineers were thinking more of the fortification
aiiVL 0 ha L bor lhan of its value to shipping.
All the engineers' reports have been in favor
i! n aM . Pedro for tnat reason, as General Craig
nm, the chief of engineers, admitted wheu he
was before the commerce committee reeenth
And, as a matter of iact, the reports show that
me engineers did not master tne conditions as
;hey would affect a deep-water harbor.
"After I had determined that ban Pedro
would not do. Mr. Huntington sent chief En-
KilWei Hood of the Southern Pacific railroad to
make an examination of San I'ed.-o, and be re.
ported that it would not do tor a deep water
harbor, and that, although the Southern Ft?
. itic had *3, 000,000 invested there, they Had
letter abandon tian Pedro and go elsewhere.
So upon his recommendKi.on the Southern
Pacific went to Sail ta Monica buy and built a
pier right out into the water, costing -tI.OJU,
iiOO, wnicn has been standing for tour years.
and which has not been seriously damaged
vet This shows how well sheltered the har
bor' is naturally from the prevailing winds
and storms of the coast. «. a «ri*ht
"Wishing to satisiy myself that 1 was right,
I asked E L. Ccrthell, the well-known en
cineer, who was with James B. tads and who
is, perhaps, the best expert on harbor work^
o examine Sati Pedro and Santa Monica re
cently, and he reported strongly in favor of
Sa "lt a wus D up a on such facts that the commerce
committee acted in reporting this amend
ment The opposition to it appears to come
chiefly from the opponent, ofthe Southern
Pacific Railroad, and irom the owneftofa lit
tle Terminal road at San Pedro It is difficult
to see why any objection should be made on
the ground that tne Southern Pacific has Us
terminal at Sunta Monica, for it only has a
50 foot risht of way, and any other railroad
can have' the same, and, besides, there la
an express proviso In our jimendment
that before any Part of the appro
priation is expended the Southern Pft-
Sfie Company shall rile with the Secretary of
War an agreement that any railroad company
muv share In the use of it* pier and the ap
proaches theroto, upon paying a proportionate
part of the cost of the same and of the ex
penses of maintenance. Under th is, for exam
ple, the Atchison and Santa ie, which I under
stand is near to Santa Monica Bay, can share
all the benefits of the improvements of the
""Santa Monica Bay is the right place for the
deep-water harbor oi Southern California, and
it will either be there or nowhere at all. ido
not see how it can possibly affect New England
unfavorably, nor why there should be any
opposition to it there."
PERSONAL.
A. Basore of Pans is at the Palace.
Henri Solomons of Paris hi at the Palace.
The Rev. Samuel Hirst of Vallejo is at the
Grand.
K. English and wife of Arroyo Grande are at
tho Cosmopolitan.
\V. P. Tisdale, a railroad man of New York,
Is at the Occidental.
J. H. Warren of Fort .Spokane, Wash., is reg
istered at the Cosmopolitan.
Frank J. Parkinson, a mining man of Crip
ple Creek, Colo , is at the Grand.
Ralph Tompkins, a wealthy gentleman of
Fishkill-on-the-Iludson, is in the City.
If. Moore and F. M. I>. Dorland of Helena,
Mont., are guests at the Cosmopolitan.
Clarence Louderback of Urbana, Ohio, was
among yesterday's arrivals at the Palace.
Dr. Joaquin Vela of Quczaltenango was
among yesterday's arrivals by tne Panama
steamer.
Dr. Padilla of Guatemala, medical director to
President Barrios, was among the arrivals at
the Occidental yesterday.
Evan Williams, who is largely interested in
mining and also in the Bullion Bank at Vir
ginia City, is among recent arrivals here.
A. C. Dauphiny, a leading merchant of Eu
reka, llumboldt County, who is engaged in
both the wholesale and retail business, is in
town.
George H. Daniels, general passenger agent
of the New York Central Railroad, is in the
city, accompanied by his family and several
friends.
A. M. Smith and John H. Gyselaar, business
men of Eureka, and A. C. Edson of Fortuna. all
delegates to the Grand Lodge of the Knights of
Pythias, are in town.
Samuel Merrill, the wealthy resident of Los
Angeles, formerly Governor of l~>wa, is at the
Lick, accompanied by Mrs. Merrill. The ex-
Governor was formerly heavily interested in
orange. laud 9 and irrigation enterprises at
Kialto aud Riverside.
Among the arrivals at the Cosmopolitan
Hotel are A. A. Canepa, J. M. Early and E. A.
Asrgeles of Eureka, delegates to the twelfth
Grand Council of the Y. M. 1., which convenes
at Haywards on the 19th ins t.
Dr. Luella Cool, the originator of diamonds
in front teeth, who went from here to Central
America a year ago, hag made much advance
ment. .She is dentist to General Barrillas, ci-
Pre*ldent, and a number of the best Spanish
families there. Her one object to make money
ha^ been to be able to finish the musical edu
cation of her little daughter. In a short time
Dr. Cool expects to take her to Parir The
daughter is said to show rare musical ability.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, N. V., May 10.— At the Devon
shire — M. Blanto. Holland — C. N. Felt on Jr.
Astor — G. Grecnzweig. Grand Union— D. E.
Newell. Savoy— A. C. Slewin Jr. Marlbor
ough—A. C. Baldeman. Imperial — T. J. Emery.
A GOOD CHANGE.
■ % •■- : •
■ Los Oatos Mall. •
It is charged by his enemies that J. D. Spreck
els is the new political boss of the Republican
party in San Francisco. The proof of the
charge would be very hard to produce. Mr.
Spreckels evidently has great ability as a
leader, but it is equally evident that ne'is lar
too much of a gentleman to be a success as a
political rounder, a ward politician or a boss.
But even if the charge were true, the change of
bosses from Martin Kelly, Dan Burns and
Senator Mahoney to John D. Spreckels is so
great as to leave great cause for thankfulness
and congratulation.
E. H. Black, painter, liiO Eddy street • '
——•
Cream mixed candies, 25c a lb. Townsend's.*
—* ——• .
California glace fruits. 50c lb. Townsend's.*
«■ —» m 1
Stranger (in a far Western town) —Did a trav
eling book agent pass through here, the other
day?
Native—No, sir; he tried to pass through, but
he only got half way, when the Citizens' Com
mittee disposed of him.— Philadelphia North
American. _______^______
Special information dally to manufacturers,
business houses and public men by the Press
Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Montgomery. ■
.. ■ • ■»—»» —» .. ■-■;; \.
Mark Hopkins Institute of art—Organ re
citals Sunday afternoon. . Otto Fleissner organ
ist, Miss Caroline Boyan vocalist. •
—: • —♦ ' ■». .. .
An Unkind Cut—She: "Does my new dress
give me a good fit?"
He—l think it will when you see it In the
glass. — Moments.
'/ »—» —* —
* All classes and conditions of society will be
gratified to learn that Putzman & Schnrman
have the exclusive coast agency of the famous
'•Golden Gate" .brand of Kentucky whisky.
Their Prussian Stomach Bitters cure all stom
ach and nervous troubles. 341 Pine, corner
Montgomery, telephone, red, 391. •
i » ■» . • ■ —:'.'ipi;
At the Seaside Hotel— (shyly)—l became
engaged to Mr. Atnerton last night. ■■ .
Cora—Oh, you lucky girl! You are sure to
have a perfectly lovely time this summer now.
You know I was engaged to him myself ■ last
year.—Somerville Journal. • ■
Take the Northern I'aciUc to All Points
;■- •• -■ K»at. -• • :<--;, .
If you are going East call at 638 Market street,
San Francisco, and get our figures- 'Finest service
in the Northwest. All trains Testibuled and
equipped with dining-cars, upholstered tourist car*
and elegant -.Pullman sleepers. Through steepen
once a week. T. K. Stateler, agent. > c
••—*■ » i
Dr. Siegkjit's Angostura, Bitters, a pureveg*.
tajle tonic, makes health and health makes bright,
rosy cheeks and happiness. '
If afflicted with sore eyes use Dr. Isaac Thomp
•on's Eye Water. Lrugsists sell it at 25 cent*
... ■: > »' i
"Circe," said the lectuier, "as you no doubt
remember, turned men into hogs."
"I wonder if she did it by starting a streetcar
line?" mused the woman who had hung to a
strap all the way up to the hall.—Cincinnati
Enquirer. \ .
. 0 "Wo will Leave it Entirely
jt'K J? y° nr hands." If you purchase a
Hebcules Gas or Gasoline En.
KJ^»F»«E, and If it does notclo all we say
tin your hnnds." If yon at our ex-
JiEBCULKs Gas or Oasolinb En-
oine, and If it does notdo all we say
it will, you can return It at our ex-
" 89. pense. Bend for Catalogue and Price
_ wl . List to .
if American Type Founders' Co.
400-107 Sansome Street,
Sim Francisco. Cal.BOOKS AND BOOKMAKERS
THE renaissance of romance started
by Stevenson and so tardily for
warded by some minor artists has
brought a strong pen out of "Wales
—that of Owen Rhoscomyl. Al
ready bis "The Jewel? of Ynis Galon" haa
been a worthy introduction of his strange
power. His last book, "Battlement and
Tower," will complete his position. This
remarkable story seems not yet to have
been discovered fully on this side of the
Atiantic; we may be sure that England is
reveling in L
The story is laid mainly in Conwy, on
the rugged northwest coast of Wales, and
it concerns the stirring time, some 350
years ago, when the Roundheads and Cav
aliers were reddening the soil of England
with blood — when Cromwell, able and pa
tient and implacable, was driving King
t'harels to his doom. The story depicts
the savagery of the Welsh, the fierce valor
of their men and the sweet gentleness and
courage of their women. It is a tale of
blood, battle, intrigue and lovp, as such a
tale of the war fought oy Welsh, Irish,
Enclish and French must be.
T..at a surpassing love of native soil, his
tory and story animate Rhoscomyl's hand
is evident in every line. In his preface he
says:
There may be other high-walled towns and
strong-towered castles, but there be few to sur
pass the walls and towers of the town and
castle of Abrconwy. Carnarvon's keep may be
majestic, but Conwy's is beautiful.
And yet it is a pathetic sight to see the pil
grim as he wanders in patient desire by bat
tlement and tower, looking with dumb wist
fulness at the hoar stones his long-gone father!
builded. The stately pacing centuries have
smoothed and softened them to all the loveli
■ i reverend years, till now they stand, in
stinct with the power to stir the deeps of the |
stillest-souled beholder. But the pilgrim is j
vaguely conscious of a something missing as j
betwixt himself and them, and there broods i
above his spirit the monotone of a yearning to
know and seize the subtle essence that is lack
ing.
The tale is so wild a jumble that it de- ]
peuds more for its interest on the separate
t'icrures which it paints and the exquisite
style in which it is written than on the in
telligent and exceedingly tender and
pathetic story of love that threads it. To
lovers of strength in structural design the
love-story is left for the reading; it is too
s-imple and straLhtforward for a critic's
dissection. It proceeds bravely through
wonderful adventures and disasters and
as it carries no mysteries it depends for its
intrinsic interest on the incomparable
delicacy of its treatment. A remarkable
feature of jt is the reminder which it gives
of Shakespeare. Indeed a certain lighter
quality of that master unmistakably re
-in the book. This does not refer to
the stately language of the speakers nor to
any of the other externals, but to an inner
spirit.
A better understanding of this may be
had from a few quotations. Here is a
love sce^e that for grace and delicacy
could hardly be surpassed. Two sisters,
and Barbara, are loved by two
young men, David and Howel. The latter
is but just of age, Barbara not quite 18.
The castle is being stormed by the Sieur
St. Pol, who designs to bear away Morva.
I'nvid is in love with Morva, Howel with
Barbara. David had been wounded and
riowel had rescued Barbara from the
soldiers.
"At the new grace of her manner [as Bar
"How now. young sir; what meancth this brawl in the public street?"
' Reiiroduced from, "Battlement and Tower.' 1 j
bara spoke of Morva in reply to Hovel's in
quiry! he grow inconsequentially stubborn.
'An, 1 am fain to hear of it. I have set a
puard aDout this north wing so thnt you shall
be safe for the rest of the night. Meanwhile'—
he turned doggedly upon his heel to gu— l
wish you a hearty good-night, mistress.'
" 'Sir!' cried she at once, in fine wrath.
"He was looking over his shoulder as he
went, but instantly, at her word, he turned
apain. 'Ah ! I did forget: I should have
bowed: but I am a poor unmannerly lout f-6m
the mountains, as you did say in forgiveness
the first time you saw me. "See. I make my
bow now; is it sufficiently like to be recog
nized for me?' My lord was mounted upon
his dignity.
"But Barbara was as perverse as usual. She
calmly refused to be provoked. She only
smiled in a manner so sweet as fanned his
stubbornness into a blaze, and he was witnin an
ace of stumping off upon his stilts ia dudgeon.
Within nn ace, that is. if he had been the free
aeent which he was so angrily busy in men
tally asserting himself to be. But she played
him with perfect skill. His heel wtis. Lifted to
go, as was her hand in the siight gesture that
commanded pause, while she said softly: 'And
was that nil I eaid? Did I say nothing more?
Why, sir! good !ack! 1 am so simple a maid! I
thought I had said— had said—' and she
broke off in so despairingly sweet a confusion
that the lad's heart leaped hot to his parted
lips, and he took half a step toward her, his
shield tossed hastily back and his two hands
extended to embrace the maiden he had not
seen till . -i few hours ago! Aho! wh.-n life is
youne and the pulse is fire the world wng»
bravely then.
'"But the maiden had no mind to be em
braced. Instead she drove him back— not half
a step, but a full one. 'And alter what I said,
sir, you have come np here, and, though you
saw me In deadly peril, yet you asked after this
one and that one and all the people of the
place, saving my poor self. But I forget; were
you not full angry with me this day in the
bower, in spite of my Dretty speeches "to you?'
"H<j showed his teeth in a little smile, as he
said: 'You are baiting me again; but I know
you now. Tell m<-, why should 1 ask after you?
bid I not liit you in these arms and carry you
from your bower to your chamber? Would not
my heart have known It instantly if you had
taken so much as one small scratch?'
" 'Your heart!' She drew back in bright dis
dain. 'You rarrie'l me, sir. I will box your
ears soundly for your impertinence if you aare
so much as to dream you carried me! And
"not a scratch," said you. sir ? Look at that!'—
showing a long slit in the silken texture of her
sleeve, and swiftly Loosing a handkerchief
Irorn the wounded arm beneath. 'What is
that ?' she cried in a tone of subdued tragedy,
and stamping her pretty foot softly in em
phasis as she held forth the arm and showed,
across the delicate white flesh, the red line of a
smart cut.
" 'Duw!' gasped the lad, halting in his stride
with a shudder of swift horror— thi9 wielder at
the long sword! this leader of onsets and
meeter of tall men! And straightway there,
forgetting all else but the soft flesh and the
cruel red upon it, he took the shapely arm ten
derly in his hands and kissed the wound over
and over again. Was it wonderful if she forgot
to be angry ? Was it strange if she lifted the
lamp over her head to hide the rosy confusion
that stole up to join the deepening glory of
her eyes? And yet she was the first to recover.
"'But you are really wounded! See! that
stain is fresh from your cheek upon my arm!
Let me see it at once, sir!' and she withdrew
her arm from his hold, yet gently, too, for all
that.
"'Nay, nay; it is nothing at all,' began he,
when she broke ruthlessly in upon his words.
" 'Show it at once, cousin. Let me see it.'
"If he could have denied her command he
had no- armor against her entreaty; so with a
depreciating smile he lifted the ciotted locks
matted upon his cheek and showed the jagged
furrow of a pike-thrust extending a hand's
breadth back from the tempi?. 'You see it is
but a mere scratch after al! !' quoth he.
"In the light of the lamp she held so close
the red blood as it seeped out seemed to flash
with a eleam so murderous that she volun
tarily fell back a pace, covering her eyes with
her ringers to shut it out. 'Heaven's mercy!'
she exclaimed with a shiver. 'How dreadful
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY 17, 1596.
these wars! But stay—' ana putting the lamp
into his hand she turned and darted into the
chamber. Almost immediately she returned
bearing a basin and ewer.
" 'Kneel down, Howel,' and at the name the
lad kue!t down as if he knelt in a church,'
watch in* in wonder to see her so womanly
soft for what he deemed so small a thing.
'■Then, with a world of gentleness in her
touch, she fell to bathing and laving the
wound; full of little fiiphs and sweet cinches
of distress, while he held still and wondered
what she had done and thought and said yes
terday and all the yesterdays back from that
before he came down from the mountain-- to
■cc so marvelous a thing as this.
" 'Don't; you will upset the water an' you
be not more careful !' chiOed Barbara, "What
makes you start so? — did I hurt you?'
" 'Nay, your hand ia as gentle on my head as
the touch of apple blossoms when the petals
float down to the grnss.' "
That is a sample of the tenderer and
more graceful passages, and it would be
difficult to find anything finer in fiction.
But there is very little like that. The
book is oddly jogged, boring at times with
its tedious fights and battles, again charm
ing with passages of Finished grace, and
with delicious frequency breaking into
bold, hard English that tunes up an ear
dulied by the commonplace elegance of
modern writing. Here are some strong
passages:
"Ah. so! and of a truth — did you mark it,
David; how she loves my old sword better
than these foining pinkers that the fops wear
now?"
And this:
"'His fiiiper!« touched the wind-blown
tresses of her hair Rn<! that sacrilege roused
the lord of hell in me.' "
And this:
" ' Iio! ho!' laughed Sir John in roußh glee,
'methinfcsl know thr.t voice. How doth the
world use you. Sir (iriflith ?'
•' ' But scurvily— as :he world doth ever use
a man when it comes upon him in petti
coats.' "
Ttie book is dreary in places, as the au
thor seems not yet "to have mastered the
art of balancing* situations, but the very
hor.esty of his purpose and the directness
of its execution have a charm that over
weigh the dramatic faults. It was mani
festly written with that slow and patient
toil which is so^characteristic of the Eng
lisii literary conscience and which is too
generally absent in American work. In
all the essentials it is sufficient to make
the author fpmous.
[Published by Longmans, Green & Co.,
London and New York. For sale by A. M.
Robertson, San Francisco.]
TARTAEIN OF TABASCOS.
This is a new and very handsomely
illustrated edition of Alphonse Daudet's
work. It describes the prodigious adven
tures of M. Tartarin, who, M. Daudet says,
may be described as a happy combination
of Nimrod and Solomon. From the first
part of the story, however, we would
rather prefer to ascribe to Tartarin the
virtues of Munchausen, plus those of Don
Quixote. Following the example of the
worthy Baron, Tartarin indulges in some
pretty elevated talking and some still
TARTARIN'S RECEPTION IN ALGIERS.
[Reproduced from ''Tartarin of Tarascon," by Alphonse DaudeU]
more extensive thinkine. The reader of
this new edition of Tartarin of Tarascon
will find his inclination toward hearty
laughing considerably aided and stimu
lated by the drawings by Montegut. Dp
Myrbacb, Picard and Rossi, which form no
mean part in the make-up of the book.
[New \ ork : Macmillan <fc Co. For sale by
William Doxey. Price $I.]
NOTES OF TIIK NIGHT.
Dr. Charles Conrad Abbott, who enjoys
an enviable reputation as a naturalist in
this country, has here given us a series of
very interesting essays or talks on his
favorite subject. They are delightfully
written, and the fact that some of them
have seen the light before by no means
detracts from their merit.
The first essay gives its name to the
book. Dr. Abbott, in introducing what is
probably the most interesting "talk." re
marks, concerning the peculiar phenomena
to be seen at twilight:
"Let us first ask, 'What is night?* As
treated in the following pages, it is that
portion of every twenty-four hours when
we are without direct sunlight. Its birth
is the gloaming or twilight; its maturity,
darkness; its death, the dawn.
"In the city these conditions are not so
well marked, but beyond the town's limits
nature still rules, and he who is curious in
such matters finds the twilight the begin
ning of a day of new activities in which he
may take no part, But of which he may be
a spectator."
The author of "Notes of the Night" at
tributes much of the world's superstition
to these peculiar phenomena, whose birth
is in the twilight when stationary objects
appear to move. "Oiten have i waited,"
he says, "far a small juniper or slender
cedar to come up to me; and while I
stood in this uncertain mocd, the thought
arose, 'What manner of man may this
prove to be?' — which is no pleasant train
of thought when alone in the wilder
ness."
Other essays discuss various aspects of
nature, and they prove the writer to be a
deep student of natural law. One of the
chapters is devoted to a spirited defense of
Thoreau against some of his more famous
critics. Dr. ADhott arrives at the conclu
sion that Thoreau had no predecessor and
can have no successor — which, however,
may be doubted — notwithstanding the as
sertion put forward that he was the prod
uct oi conditions that can never again
arise. [New York: The Century Com
pany ; price $1 50.]
KARTH'S ENIGMAS.
This is a volume of short stories written
by Charles G. D. Roberts. Mjst of them
have already appeared in the pages of
Harper's. Longman's, Scribner's, the Cos
mopolitan, Lippincott's, the Toronto
Globe and other publications.
The first story in the collection, which
bears the somewhat scriptural name: "Do
seek their meat from God," gives a very
fair idea of the character of the others. A
pioneer hunter and trapper is walking
home through a deep and dark ravine,
wlien he hears the sound of a child's cry.
Thinking it is the voice of ttie child of a
squatter neighbor, an idle, shiftless fellow,
he goes on ; but the cry of the child haunts
him. Turning bactc he sees a couple of
panthers making for the open door of a
hut, whence proceeds the child's cry. He
succeeded in killing the fierce beasts, only
to find, upon investigation, that the cry
which he had come so near disregarding,
was that of his own little son, who had
wandi-red into the hut in search of the
squatter's boy.
The stories contained in the work under
review include "The^ Perdu," "The
Youni; Ravens That Call Upon Him,"
"Within Sound of the Saws, ' f "The Butt
of the Camp," "In the Accident Ward,"
"The Romance of an Ox Team." "A
Tragedy of the Tides," "At the Rough and
Tumble Landing," "An Experience of
Jabez Batterpole'" "The Stone Dog,"
"The Barn on the Marsh," "Captain
Joe and Jamie," "Strayed," "The Eye of
Gluskap."
[Price $1 25. Published by Lamson,
I Wolff e <fc Co., 6 Beacon street, Boston,
i Mass. For sale by Doxey.]
A JEWISH CATECHISM.
Under the head "Judaism" Dr. B. A.
Elzas of Charleston, S. C, has published
a little work, which he terms "An Exposi
tion in Question and Answer." The book
makes no claim to be exhaustive, and the
writer notes that suggestiveness has been
aimed at rather than completeness. An
idea of the ground covered can be gathered
from the contents page: "On Religion in
General. Judaism. God. Ilevelation.
Reward and Punishment. The Mission of
Israel. The Jewish Creed."
Dr. Elza; makes no attempt to treat of
the ceremonial part of Judaism, upon
which he promises to touch in a future
volume. Apart from this fact, the work
shows considerable painstaking care in
systematization and collection, and un
doubtedly supplies a want. [Charleston,
8. C : The Daggett Printing Company.]
PACIFIC HISTORY STOKIKS.
As ttie initial voiume in ttie western
Series of Readers comes Harr Wagner's
" Pacific History Stories." arranged and
retold for use in the public schools. As
the author says in his preface, the voy
ages of discover}* and notable events of
the west coast of America have not been
readily accessible to the teacher and
pupil, and an attempt has, therefore, been
made to bring this knowledge to the
schools in the form of a historical reader.
The book is designed for the middle
grades. "Myths, legends and inaccurate
descriptions have been Sufficient
authorities and original documents have
tieen consulted, so that impartial state
ments could be made." The story of Fre
mont and the account of "Old Califor
nians," in the voiume, were written by
Joaquin Miller. Mr. Wagner's work is
commendable, and he has made a valuable
contribution to our school literature. A
cooy Of "Pacific History Stories ' should
lind a place in every household in Califor
nia. The book is a gem of Its kind. It is
appropriately illustrated. [San Fran
cisco: Whitaker & Ray Company, pub
lishers. For sale at the bookstores.]
ST. NICHOLAS FOR MAY.
"Betty, the Bound Girt,* 1 is the leading
article in the May number of St. Nicholas,
and the artist who illustrated the story
has made Betty look as handsome as a
little queen. It is a scrap of Revolutionary
War history done in v.rse, ana may be
regarded as the obverse of "Paul * Re
veres Ride," though it is more humorous
than tragic. Pacific Coast readers will be
interested in Theodore Wores' description
of "The Children of Chinatown in San
Francisco," with characteristic sketches.
The remainder of the magazine is made up
of the usual- high-class and interesting
literature that appeals alike to children
and to those of largor growth. [The Cen
tury Company, I'nion square, New York.
Three dollars a year.]
A MOUNTAIN WOMAN.
Pioneer stories of the Middle "West, writ
ten evidently by a pioneer woman who
has lived among the scenes she describes,
make up the little volume entitled "A
I Mountain Woman." The author is Mrs.
Elia W. Pcattie. in au there are eight
stories, viz.: "A Mountain Woman,"
| "Jim Lancy's Waterloo," " The Three
! Jonns," "A Resuscitation," "The Pio
! neers," "Up the Gulch," "A Michigan
Man" and "A Lady of Vest relay." They
make interesting readme for leisure mo
ments. [Chicago: Way & Williams, pub
lishers. For sale at the bookstores: pric
$1 25.]
WORKERS IN THE VINEYARD.
This is a very comprehensive review of
i the progress of spiritualism, by Julia
Schlesinger. In a preface Mrs. Schlesinger
I says that she "has endeavored in this
| volume to present a brief historical sketch
of the progress of modern spiritualism
since the raps at Hydesvillc announced
the ushering in of a new dispensation
bringing light, truth and proof of im
i mortal life to humanity."
The work contains numerous biograph
! ical sketches of prominent spiritualists
I and their work in America.
LITERARY NOTES.
Harold Frederic's new novel, "The Dam
nation of Tneron Ware," appears to have
made a great bit in England.
The original illustrated edition of Ains
worth's Novels is about to be reprinted in
sixteen monthly volumes by George Roat
ledge <fc Sons.
The Princess Laura Bonaparte, whose
novel, "The Greek E," will shortly be pub
lished by H. S. Nichols & Co., is daughter
in-law of Prince Louis-Lucien Bonaparte,
nephew of the great Napoleon. The
present novel, with its queer title, is a ldve
story written some two years ago.
With its May number the Dublin Review
celebrates its diamond jubilee. It is just
sixty years ago this month since Michael
Qain suggested to Cardinal Wiseman and
Daniel O'Conneli the idea of starting a
Catholic rival to the Edinburgh and
Quarterly.
H. C. Bunner, who for a number of
years lived at Nutley, N. J., closed his se
ries of urban and suburban stories with
"A Letter to Town" in the June Scribner's,
! which is the sentimental justification that
| a young married man gives for deserting
I the town and taking up his permanent
residence in the suburbs.
rienry Norman, tne correspondent of
the London Chronicle, whose dispatches
from Washington have had such an im
portant influence on the Venezuela ques
tion, has long been a student of inter
national politics. His book of the "Far
East" has already become an authority.
Last autumn he visited all tho countries
(and made the acquaintance of their im
portant men) which combine to form what
is called the "Eastern question." His first
! published article on this interesting trip
will appear in Scribner's for June under
the title "In the Balkans — the Chessboard
of Europe."
To the June number of the Overland W.
H. Mills will contribute an article, "The
Prospective Influence of Japan Upon the
Industries of America." Governor W. J.
McConnell of Idaho continues the silver
discussion which was commenced by
Irving M. Scott, John J. Valentine and
Colonel John P. Irish. Charles Warren
Stoddard contributes a sympathetic char
acter sketch of his friend, Joaquin Miller.
It is illustrated by J. D. Strong "A
I Pioneer Bimetallist" is a character sketch
of Judge C. C. Goodwin, editor of the Salt
Lake Tribune.
Indications are that Holland will be
come a favorite hunting ground with
novelists. Stevenson drew attention to
the country in his "Catriona," and one or
two well-known writers are already re
ported to be following in his footsieps. A
new writer, E. Sutcliffe March, has also
chosen Holland as a background for a new
novel, which Messrs. Hutcninson & Co.,
London, have in press and will shortly
publish under the tttle of "A Stumble in
Wide Shoes."
The success which has attended the pub
lication of the translation of Pastor's
"Lives of the Popes'' has determined the
Rev. Frederick Antrobus of the Brompton
Oratory to proceed with the fifth and
sixth volumes of the work.
A work entitled "Five Great Skeptical
Dramas of History" is now in preparation
by Messrs. Swan & Sonnenscheim, London.
It is by the late Rev. John Owen, who was
rector of East Anstey, Devon.
The second article on "The Trotting
Horse," by Hamilton Busbey, in the June
Scribner's, contains more remarkable illus
trations of great trotters.
Mr. Swinburne's new poem, "The Tale
of Balen," will be published in this coun
try by the Messrs. Scribner, toward the
end of the month. It is founded on Sir
Thomas Malory's story of Balen.
The Century Company has published
Dr. Charles C. Abbott's "Notes of the
Night and Other Outdoor Sketches" in the
manner of his "Naturalist's Rambles
About Home;" Henry B. Fuller's "The
Puppet Booth," a dozen one-act plays not
in the manner of his earlier publications;
"The Collected Poems of S. Weir
Mitchell," hitherto issued in various vol
umes having the imprint of other houses;
"The White Pine: A Study," by Gifford
Pinchot and Henry S. Graves", and "A
Strange Sad Comedy," an international
romance whose action passes in New
York, Newport and Virginia.
Messrs. Harper & Bros, have just pub
lished "Extraordinary Cases," by Henry
Lauren Clinton; "Cold Dishes for Hot
Weather," by Ysaguirre and La Marca;
"The Cavaliers, a novel, by S. R. Keight
ley, which deals with stirring events in
Cromwell's time, and "Mark Heffron," a
novel, by Alice Ward Bailey.
Messrs. Henry Holt & Co. announce W.
Fraser Rae's biography of "Richard Brins
ley Sheridan," in two volumes, with por
traits and lac-similes of autographs of
Sheridan and his famous contemporaries.
Houghton, Milllin & Co. have arranged
for the American publication of the hither
to unpublished letters of Victor Hugo,
arranged by his executor, M. PaulMeurice.
"Lan Maclaren" dedicates his new book,
"The Mind of the Master," to his congre
gation at Befton Park, Liverpool. This is
a work by the Rev. John Watson, the min
ister, rather than by lan Maclaren, the
novelist. There are fifteen chapters in it,
three of them being entitled "The Sov
ereignty of Character," "The Culture of
the Cross" and "The Continuity of Life."
As might be judged, Mr. Watson treats
religious subjects from a broad and com
prehensive standpoint.
Entomologists will be glad to learn that
the second volume of "Butterflies," by
W. F. Kirby, F. L.S.. forming the elemen
tary volume of "Allen's Naturalists' Li
brary," is in press. It will contain thirty
two colored plates, besides wood cuts.
The Clarendon Press, Oxford, is guided
in the production of many of its works
by a set of rules for which Dr. J. A. H.
Murray is partly responsible. Here is a
characteristic "note" by the doctor: "I
strongly protest against the vulgar and
unsc.olarly habit of omitting 'c' from
'abridgement,' 'acknowledgement,' 'judge
ment,' 'lodgement,' whicn is against all
analogy, etymology and orthoepy, since
elsewhere 'g' is hard in English when not
followed by Vor *t.' I think the Univer
sity Pre ought to set a scholarly exam
ple, instead of following the ienorant to
do ill for the sake of saving four 'e's.' The
word 'judgement' has been spelt In the
Revised Version — evidently in
fear of Divine judgement. *'
Unless provisions are made in time the
Poe cottage in Fordam, N. V., will be
torn down by the Bureau of Encum
brances in less than eighteen months.
Carl Schurz is encaged in writing
his memoirs, which will embrace his
career of forty-seven years of active ser
vice in military, political, journalistic,liter
ary, civic and social life. The manuscript
will probably not go to the printer before
next January.
"The Lounger" of The Critic notes that
a novelty in books is to be issued under
the title of the Invalids' Library. Each
volume is to be printed on a long strip of
paper-covered musun, so that a patient
can comfortably unroll it and read it in
bed. thus dispensing with t!ie attendant
fatigue of holding a heavy book.
"Et Dona Ferentes" is the title of a
new poem, by Rudyard Kipling, recently
copyrighted by D. Appleton & Co. It will
appear in his volume of poems to be pub
lished in the autumn.
"The Mercantile Agencies Against Com
merce" is the title of a volume by William
Yates Chirm, which has just been issued
by Charles 11. Kerr & Co., Chicago. The
author points out abuses that need rem
edying, and suggests some remedies as
well. Price, 25 cents.
The last two volumes issued in the Tem
ple edition of Shakespeare are "Troilus
and Cressida" and "Romeo and Juliet."
Each volume contains an appropriate en
graving as a frontispiece and an illumin
ated title page. The glossary is ample.
The convenient size and general make-up
of the Temple edition is such as to com
mend it to all lovers of the great dra
matist. For sale by William Doxey ; Drice,
45 cents per volume.
WAIL OF A READER.
Between the novels of the past,
And novels of the day,
The histories and the essays,
The drama and the play,
Biographies and letters.
The classics and the verse—
I wish 1 were an infant
A-playtng with my nurse.
Six books a day for fourteen years,
By careful calculation.
Would of the novels of the day
Make worthy devastation. - - >
Yet man's possessed to write more books
'.*■■'- ('Tis mental aberration),
I nee but one way out of it-
Suspended animation! ■.
The men that wield the pen shall be
Hypnotically placed
All comfy in a winding-sheet,
Arid boxed up in good taste.
• And grace the shelves as heretofore
Our bookshelves they have graced:
And till the time we are "read up"
Their souls sMall be effaced.
And we will celebrate the day
Id ceremonies chaste.
—From the Bookman.
league of the Cross Cadets.
Company M, League of the Cross Cadets of
St. Francis Parish, is making great prepara
tions for an entertainment and dance at Cali
fornia Hall on Tuesday evening next for the
benefitor their uniform lund. The programme.
which is entirely under the management of
Captuin Denan and Lieutenants Quirk and
Convict, promises to be one of the grandest ever
given under the auspices of the League of the
Cross. Tne admission will be -5 oents.
SCHOOLGIRLS AS COOKS
Amateurs Who Bake and Fry,
Stew and Boil, and Then
Have a Feast.
They Give a Luncheon Prepared by
Themselves to the City School
Officials.
The girls of the Franklin Grammar
School learn cooking as an essential fea
ture of their education.
Four years ago the late James G. Ken
nedy, the father of industrial education in
this City, inaugurated the idea of cooking
classes. Ana to-day the efficiency oi such
practical instruction is greatly developed
in several of the schools.
In the Franklin Grammar School there
are fourteen classes and 700 pupils. It is
the only public institution on the coast
where all the branches of manual training
are taught in one school. Sewing is taught
in all the grades. The boys in the fifth to j
ninth grades inclusive are taught mechan- ;
ical drawing and benchwork.
The girls of the seventh, eighth and i
ninth grades learn cooking. Miss K. R. j
Paxton, an experienced professional
teacher of cooking, and a graduate of the
Pennsylvania Ltate Normal School, and
also of a technical school, has charge of
the instruction. Exactitude, system, neat
ness and economy are rigidly enforced.
The girls are taught also what are the
proper foods tor different conditions of
Jife, climate and occupation. They are in
structed what to buy and what they
should pay. The educational value of such
instruction is perhaps equal to or greater
than its practical utility.
But the cooking is by no means of a
mediocre character. The young ladies
gave a luncheon at the school last Tues
day, and this is the menu they prepared :
Soup, Mock Bisque.
Fricassee of Veal. Oyster l*>af
Crab Salad.
Cheese. Wafers. Lemon Pie. Cake.
Ice Cream. Coffee. Tea.
The menu cards were also the product
of the skill of the cooks shown in another
direction. Each one was decorated with
some little floral design in pen and ink.
Those present, in addition to the princi
pal and teachers of the school, were: Su
perintendent Madison Babcock, Deputy I
Superintendent C. B. Stone, Directors
Murdock, Compte, Carew, Knox and Hen- j
derson, and Mrs. Mary W. Kincaid, Miss i
K. D. Whittaker, J. 1. Kincaid and James i
Denman.
The Board of Education provides all the
material needed in the cooking classes, ;
although ruauy articles, such as flour,
baking powder, gelatine, chocolate and
cottolene are supplied ibr advertising pur
poses by various manufacturers, thus \
minimizing the expenses of the depart
ment.
Each raontM 2SOO individual lessons are j
given, the expense for all the materials j
used being about $25. "When the food is
cooked there is never any question as to
what can be done with it. The hungry
girl cooks themselves soon dispel any
doubt on that score. And the girls really
like tie work. They all come with the
happiest faces and ttie most willing hands,
first to receive their lessons and later to
be permitted to test their knowledge.
An Oil Company Fails.
The American Oil Company has failed for
$31,032 58. The largest creditor is the
Crocker-Woohvorth Bank for $13,400. The re
maining debts are for goods purchased. The
as>tts are said to be worth $31,407 29. The
merchandise is set down for $10,000. the fix
tures lor (13,600 and various book accounts
a: ~'.i. The company's place of busi
ness was at 14 and 16 Main street.
HE RISKS HIS LIFE
TO SAVE HIS LOVED ONES. HE EXHAUSTS HIS MEN.
tal and physical strength to give them food and happiness.
No sacrifice is too great if it but adds to the pleasure of his dot-
ing wife and his beautiful cherubs. How great is the affection
of man for his own flesh.
And yet men harbor in their bodies a stealthy curse which
is eating away both physical and mental strength.
Nervous, Sexual or Physical weakness grows slowly upon
the system. It destroys the vitality, makes a man fretful, peev-
ish and irritable. It makes home unhappy, wife and children,
miserable.
Have you not seen evidence of this growing evil in your
own system ? Don't you notice your strength waning ?
, Don't you think you are missing the best part of your life
by living it in misery ? All because of some past mistake or
reckless folly. _
You can regain your vital and manly strength. Thousands,
of vigorous men to-day owe their happiness and that of their
families to Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt.
;It offers you new, fresh proof of its cures. Every day brings
new ones, and right at your doors. Would you believe it if your
closest friend told you of his cure by a certain remedy ?
Read the little book, "Three Classes of Men," which has
names and addresses of hundreds of your neighbors, cured and"
well. You can write or talk to them. They are glad to help you
to regain the strength and health which can only be found in this
simple remedy.
Dr. Sandeh's Electric Belt is now well known in San Fran-
cisco. * Call and see it if you can. Test it free, or if you live out
of town it will be sent to you for examination free of any charge.
Address
s^j^-uiEiirvr ELECTnic go.,
' 630 MARKET ST., OPPOSITE PALACE MOTEL, SAN FRANCISCO. \
Office Hours— B A. M. to 8:30 P. M.; Sundays, 10 to 1.
- .— — OFFICES -A.T
IX>9 ANGELES. CAU I PORTLAND, OR.
804 bouth Broadway. \ 253 Washington iuM
NEW TO-DAT.
That Clutching
Sensation
at the Heart
is almost instantly dispelled
by a swallow of Vino-Kolaf ra,
the African Tonic made from
Sterculia Nuts. Vino-Kolafra
governs heart action as the
fly-wheel regulates machin-
ery: it cures hysteria and
nervousness.
annihilates fatigue, . gives
strength and tone to the body,
and rapidly builds up con-
valescents after severe illness.
A glance at the names of the
endorsers of Vino - Kolaf .
will convince you that it is a
product of unusual impor-
tance.
Sold by Druggists Generally.
Brunswick Pharmacal Co.
Johnson & Johnson, Selling Agents,
ga William St., New York,
ISSUING
42MRNYSI
IS THE VERY BEST OJS'E TO EXAMINE
-L your eyes and fit tnem to Spectacles and Eye- '
glasses with instruments of bis own invention,
whose superiority has not been equaled. My auo-
cess has been due to the merits of my work.
Oflice Hours— l 2 to 4p. m.
PChtche»ter'« i.ncUnh Diamond Brand.
ENNYROYAL PILLS
-^u~~v Original ■and Only Genuine. A
r-A\ fIT,A Dragglit for 'Ctocht ttrr'i LADIES ut
|rHJ»^s*|^Km.>7iJ Brnnl in lied and <- ,ld metallic \Ujr
SV" — «I^KJ»3b«»f. «f*led with blu« ribbon. Tote VS' .
7/ S**>i vWfno other. Rrfutt dangerous mhttit**- V "
I / "~ . ifftiont and imitations. M Z>rn zgi.iti. or »end
I *•» yf in itmmpt fur particulars. i»«tii=eiilali and
\ V Ek "Belief for Ladle*," m Utu~. bj return
— *\l^_At MalL 10,000 Tmimool»l§. Sam* Paper. I
_ ..Tr"""! Chlch*»t9rCheniicalCo.,J»adl«on
told bj «il Loc»l Drucgiiu. l'U;Ud'-, fa.
COAL! COAL!
Wellington $10 00 ■ ....
Southtield 9 50
Genuine Coos Bay 6 50— Half ton. 350
Seattle 8 00— Half ton. 400
Bryant 7 00— Half ton. 400
Telephone— Black— 35.
KNICKERBOCKER COAL CO.,
52» Howard Street, Near First.
2324
THE THEATRES
THE theaters of San Francisco are
like our glorious climate in that
they have no set seasons. In
New York, for instance, the the
atrical season is over; people are
hieing them to roof gardens and open-air
resorts and a number of the winter houses
of amusement will be shrouded in gloom
liil autumn comes again. It is all different
here. We have an average of iheatrical me
diocrity all the year round, leavened at in
tervale by really good, and the
leave: 1 , comes without any reference to the
time of year. For instance, just as people j
are talking of putting up the shutters and j
going off to the country, the Daly company !
comes to gladden their hearts and keep j
them in town. Next week the Frawiey '
company will be>xin its season, but the '
• of absorbing interest thia week is
tbe reappearance ot Ada Rehan and her i
_-ues. I
.Via Rehan's press agents industriously
force upon t l ie attention of the public the
statement that she has never been inter
viewed. Can it be that the American re- !
porter is less enterprising than ' his
European colleague? or tli.it there is a less
absorbing desire on the part of the Ameri- \
can public to read Miss Rohan's utterances ;
in print than prevails on the other side to ,
hear what Elenora Duse has to say for her
self? Thf re was a time when Elenora j
Duse's press agents also Bought the bubble
reputation for trreir star by crying from
the housetops: "Dusa has not been inter- J
viewed, behold how she differs from tbe j
vulgar herd of actresses." But Duse went j
to Sweden last winter, and thereby hangs ;
a t.iie.
It fcems that i.i Sweden the "new" i
journalism has taken root, and r3porters J
are so enterprising that even their Artier- )
ican colleagues would have to get up while j
it was yet night if they wanted to get the
early worm iirst. The Stockholm report
ers re.-olved to interview Dus>e, and laid
their plans accordingly. One enterprising
journalist met her at the station, wearing j.
the picturesque but humble garb of a !
hacknian, and drove her to the hotel, j
Another reporter, disguised as a major- I
duomo, helped her t'i alight from her car
riage, a third conducted her to her room, I
while a fourth, disguised as a waiter, j
brought her coffee. The most enterpris
ing scribe of them all heard the actress j
order some new shoes, and bribed the
dealer to let him take a number of sample
pairs to the hotel and try them on. The I
day after the actress' arrival all the Stock
holm papers had interviews with Duse, a
littie fragmentary, it is true, except the
"How 1 Tried on Elcnora's ShoeB 1 article,
but still they were interviews, and the
press agents were unable to weary Stock
holm with reiterating the statement,
"Duse has never been interviewed."' it is
ail very well for an actress to hide her
head like the modest violet when she is
off the stage, but why seek to make capi
tal out of the fact?
Baldwin Theater.
The Daly season opens at the Baldwin
Theater to-morrow night, with Yon Scbon
than's new play, "The Countess Gucki,"
which was written for Ada Rehan and was
dedicated to her by the author. Dalv
translated it from the German and adapted
It to the use of his own company. It is I
only a month or two since the Daly people j
first produced "The Countess Gucki" in
New York, and Miss Rehan was consid
ered to have found a very congenial part j
in the title-role. The Countess is an Aus- j
trian society woman, who does a good deal !
of flirting, and experiences a deeper feel
ing at last.
"The Countess Gucki" will be repre
sented on Monday, Tuesday and Wednes
day nights and at the Saturday matinee.
"The Last Word" will be seen on Thurs- I
day and Friday nights, and on Saturday j
night Miss Rehan will appear in the I
role of Lady Teazle in "School for !
Scandal."
Miss Rehan is accompanied by the fol
lowing members of Mr. Daly's company:
James Lewis, Edwin Stevens, Edwin i
Varrey, Hobart Bosworth, Frederick I
Truesdell, George Clarke, Herbert
Gresham, William Sampson, Henry !
Gunson. Sidney Heroert, Charles Ricb
man, John Craig, William Hazeltine,
George Wharnock, Rob rt Shepard; Mrs.
(i. H. Gilbert, Miss Maude Winter. Miss
Sybil Carlisle, Miss Marie St. John, Miss
Helma Nelson, Miss May Young.
California Theater.
"A Trip to Chinatown" is on its way to
Australia, and it will stay over one week
at the California Theater to give San
Francisco still another bearing of the
lively little work that has done more to
establish Hoyt's reputation than all his
latter-day farce-comedies put together.
The member? of the company have all
become identified with "A Trip to. China
town" from Having played in it so long.
Harry Conor will impersonate AVell and
Strong, the man with one foot in the
grave; George Beane, recently seen here
in "A Milk White Flag," will play the
San Francisco bachelor, Ben Gay ; Geral
dine McCann will be the Btunning widow
Guyer; Frank Lawton is to appear in the
dual roles of Slavin Payne and Noah
Heep, an adroit mixer of cocKtails; Sadie
McDonald will be the pert French maid
Flirt. The rest of the dramatis persona?
include: Madeline LacK in the character
of Tony Gay; Patrice as the representative
!
young American of to-day, Willie GroY7;
J. Aldrich Libby as liashieigh (lay:
Amelia Stone a3 Isabflle Dame and Ar
thur Pacie as Norman Blood, a member of
the Bohemian Club.
"A Trip to Chinatown" opens at the
California Theater to-morrow nieht. To
night the tinal cake walk takes place, and
the winner of most points during the
week wiil be awarded a gold watch by
Primrose it West.
Columbia Theater.
"Miss Harum Scaruin," a comedy by E.
J. Swartz. will hold the stage at the
Columbia this week, beginning to-morrow
night. The plot tells the story of how
Jack Kimberiey, a scheming adventurer,
ai'ied and abetted by the hostess of an inn
and an outcast named M»onks, tries to im
pose a girl upon an old Judge as his grand
child, whom he mourns as lost. The
company which will present "Miss Hj.rum
Scarunc" is headed by Miss Amy Lee and j
Frank Doane.
The new Frawley company will bepinits '
season at the Columbia Theater on Mon
day evening, June 1. For the opening •
week William H. Crane's latest success, i
"Brother John," will be presented for the \
first time in this City.
The company this year includes Daniel ]
.Frawley, Maclyn Arbuckle, Harry Cor- j
son Clark, George W. Leslie, Wilson Enos, j
Walter Clark Bellows, George Bosworth, !
M. C. Thompson, H. S. Dullield, Thomas
Philips, Frank Worthing and Tyrone
Power, late «f the Daly Company. Among
the ladies are: Blanche L. Bates, Marga
ret' Craven, Hope Ro«s, Phosa McAllister,
Mrs. F. M. Bates, Lansing Brown. (Jer
trude Elliott and Maxime Elliott, luto of
the Daly Company. Daring the season
the following plays "Will be presented:
•'The Wife," "Charity Ball."" "A Gold
Mine," "Lord Chumley," "The Hiehest
Bidder," "Brother John," "His Wife's
Father," "The Merchant," "The Wester
ner," "On Probation," "A Social Test,"
"Geoffery Middleton," "The Lost Para
dise," "Men and Women," "The Senator"
and "The Two Escutcheons." Popular
prices will prevail.
Grand' Opera- Hou§e.
To-night sees the closing performance
of "The Cross Roads of Life" at the Grand.
It is to be followed to-morrow night by a
play which is known, by name at least, to
every one, the historical tragedy "Jack
Cade." This is a story of early English
life, in which the fierce struggle made by
Cade against the tyranny of capital forms
the main incidents.
It is thought tliat at tho present time,
when the labor question is a matter of so
much interest, the prodnction of this
play is opportune. Cade's motto, "An
injury to one is the concern of all," will
no doubt be much applauded.
(Jollier will be supported by the entire
■stock company, Mrs. Lisle Leigh playing
the role 01 Marianne. The management
states that attention will be paid to stag
ing "Jack Cade" with historical accuracy.
Tivnlf Opera-Honse.
for the first time in this City "Uncle
Tom's Cabin" will be produced in operatic
form at the Tivoli to-morrow night. It
almost goes without saying that the music
will partake of the melodious character of
the plantation melody.
The management states that the prep
aration of the scenery, effects, costumes
and lighting have been going on for some
time. A feature of the music will b« a
banjo orchestra. The auction scene on the
lovee will be made the occasion of a num
ber of specialties, participated in by Gil
bert & Goldie, Wash Norton, the old-time
minstrel, and other performers. This
scene will end with a cake-walk.
The role of Uncle Tom will be played by
William H. West, John J. Kaffael will be
the George Harris, and Ferris Hartman is
to appear as Marks. Little Mildred will
be Eva. Francis Powers bimon Legree,
Arthur Boyce George Seloy, and Gilbert &
Goldie will appear as Sambo and Qulinbo.
At the Orpheam.
Messrs. Harry Le Clair and Edward Les
lie, reputed to be leading burlesque and
comedy sketch entertainers, have been se
cured by the Orpheum managers for this
week's performances. Their mimicry,
character sketches and rapid character
changes are the features in which they are
said to excel.
They are well known in Europe, and in
a recent tour of the United Kingdom they
pained many favorable press mentions.
Harry Le Clair assumes female roles. Les
lie imitates some of the most prominent
actors of the day.
Mile. Carrie, another of the new features,
comes with an international reputation as
a musical artiste. The following people
are held over: John W. Kansone, Wood
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY 17, 1896.
<fc Shepard, the three Nightons and Fields
& Lewis.
Maedonough Theater.
To-morrow night Primrose & West's
Minstrels will open a two nights' season
at the Macdonough Theater, Oakland.
On the 125 th inst. Eddie Foy and his
company will appear in "The Strange Ad
ventures of Miss Brown."
New Auditorium.
On Friday evening, the 22d inst., at the
1 Auditorium, the Stanford University Glee
and Mandolin clubs combined will give
i their last grand concert of the season, the
proceeds of which are to be devoted to a
charitable purpose. The students have
been making great preparations for this
affair.
TianistV Club.
The members of the Pianists' Club an
nounce a lestimonial concert to their direc
tor, Robert Tolmie, on Tuesday, the 26th
inst. This gifted pianist is well known to
San Francisco audiences, and as he pro-
poses to spend the coming season in
Europe, the coming concert will afford the
only opportunity of hearing him in pub
lic before his return. The recital will take
place at the Association Auditorium.
IVestwater ltecital.
A large attendance is promised at tho
song recital to be given by Mra. Eunice
Westwater at Native Sons' Hall, on Tues
day evening, the 19th inst. The lady is
well known ana has many friends !n this
City. She will be assisted by the clever
young violinist, Miss Charlotte Gruen
bagen, and by the pianist, Sigismund
Martinez.
Singer and Violinist.
Miss Ethsl Smith, the young San Fran
cisco violinist, who has been studying
abroad several years, recently made her
debut aa a singer at a matinee given by
Mme. la Grange, the celebrated voice
trainer of Paris. Miss Smith sang the
page's aria from the "Huguenots," which
showed to good advantage her full, clear
mezzo-soprano voice. She has also re
cently appeared as a violinist at two con
certs in Paris. This versatile young lady
will most likely be heard here in concert
next winter.
A Tragedy Wat Averted.
There might have been a tragedy—sev
eral tragedies— at the Walnut-street Thea
ter iast Monday night were it not for the
fact that a cool fellow in the gallery averted
it, says the Philadelphia Footlights.
Aubrey Boucicault was playing "Con,
the Shaughran," and in the famous wake
scene two lighted candles spluttered their
grease4aden way at tho head of the sup
posed corpse". When Con bears the villains
conspiring he jumps from the boards and
confronts the plotters. Well, last Monday
young Boucicault jumped from his couch,
and in so doing bo jammed the pillow
against one of the candles. The pillow
began smoking, and a man in the gal
lery shouted, "Con, look to your candle."
Boucicault evidently did not hear — but
every one else did and there was a tense
silence. Suddenly the smoldering pillow
burst into flame. 'Con, look to youV can
dle,' again shouted the man in the gallery.
Boucicault heard this time. Quickly tafc
ing off his tattered hat he clapned it on
the name and pinched out the fire, speak
ing his lines all the while. Then he went
on with the play as if nothing of moment
had occurred. Nobody applauded — just
took it as a matter of course, you know.
But if that man in the gallery hadn't
worded his cry as he did— had he shouted,
'The pillow's afire,' or something that had
that word 'fire' in its makeup, the result
might have been different. For that word
in a crowded theater spells stampede."
He Pre-empts Titles.
There are many queer ways of earning a
livelihood.and one of the strangest of them
was discovered by an ingenious worthy of
the West. This industrious person thinks
of nothing, morning, noon and night, ex
cept the names of plays, and every week
he sends a batch of dramatic titles to
Washington, where they are copyrighted.
He never writes a play, never intends to
write a play, nor indeed has any ability to
write a play. But he is a great man for
titles, and after seve.al years of effort he
has copyrighted almost every caption that
an honest dramatist could use in the
christening of his worlr.
This plan is not so foolish as it seems to
be. For example, an author writes a fine
drama and, after much co -nation, decides
that "The Human Sacrifice" is the only
title that will fit its story. Attended by
good luck, his play is accepted by a man
ager, who is also pleased by the name.
Immediately the advertisement of the
piece is begun. Paragraphs in the news
papers, legends on dead walls, three-sheet
posters and the leading actors' photo
graphs in costume entreat all sorts and
conditions of playgoers to avoid wasting
their money on rival performances and to
wait patiently for the joy of "The Human
Sacrifice."
So far, all is well. The author is grati
fied to observe that his fellow-citizens
from Maine to California are eagerly
awaiting the production of the much her
alded play, and the manager settles his
advertising bills cheerfully. The tinal
week of rehearsals comes, and still all is
well. But this is no better than sitting on
a volcano. A few days before the night of
production a letter arrives from the West
ern worthy informing the author that tne
title of "The Human Sacrifice" has
already been copyrighted. What is to
be done in these appalling circum
stances? The printing is all out, the litho
graphs are made, and the name, having
been extensively advertised, is valuable.
It would be insanity to chance the title of
the play at that late hour. There is noth
ing to do except to make terms with the
Westerner. For a consideration he will
surrender his copvrieht, which cost him
$1. His price is heavy, but it must be paid.
It is to escape from the clutches of this
Western genius that many of our plays are
given extraordinary titles. Thus, "The
Girl I Left Behind Me," "His Wife's
Father," "His Absent Boy," "Too Much
Johnson," "The Tzigane, ' "El Capitan."
and "The Hole in the Ground." — New
York Press.
ALL, WON FAME.
Eight American Stage Reantlci Who
Ha\<- Achieved Distinction.
The New York World gives an account
of the eight actresses who won distinction
in New York last season:
"Marine Elliott, the most regally beau
tiful woman on the American stage, has
advanced in her profession with remark
able rapidity. She was born in Kockland,
Maine, and played small parts in E. S.
■ Willard'a company. Then she played in
"The Prodigal Daughter, 1 'Diplomacy' and
"A Woman of No Importance,' steadily
advancing. With Augustin Daly Miss
Elliott made phenomenal progress in her
art. She was admirably placed in 'The
Transit of Leo,' as Olivia in 'Twelfth
Night,' and Widow Stephenson in 'Two
Escutcheons.' She last appeared in 'A
House of Cards' at the Fifth-avenue Thea
ter, and now goes to San Francisco as
leading lady with the Frawley stock com
pany. Incidentally she will obtain a di
vorce from her husband.
"Mary Hampton's stage career has been
brief but brilliant. She played Ruth Clay
borne in a special matinee of 'Louisiana'
at the Madison-square Theater in 1891.
She was the ingenue in 'Merchant,' and
played in 'Jack Royal of the Ninety-sec
ond.' For two years she has been playing
Rosamund in Charles Frohrhan's 'Sowing
the Wind' company on the road, and has
! won much praise and popularity every
where. She played Barbara in" 'Marse
Van' at the Empire Theater last year, and
is considered one of the mast promising
leading ladies of the present day. Miss
Hampton's real name is Smith, and she is
a native of Louisville, Ky. She has been
j twice married, her last husband saving
been Actor E. J. Henley, from whom she
secured a divorce. Rumor has her en
paged matrimonially every few months.
Miss Hampton is tall and graceful, with
dark hair, soulful dark eves and regular
features.
"Isabel Irving, leading lady of the Ly- j
ceum Theater stock company and one of
the most photographed young actresses 01
the day, was born in Bridgeport, Conn.,
and made her debut with Rosina Yokes in
'The School Mistress' in February, 1887.
For six years she was a member of Auuus
tin Daly's company, playing with that
organization in London and Paris. Re
signing in March, 1894, Miss Irving was
promptly engaged by Daniel Frohman for
his road 'Amazons' company. When
Georgia Cayvan left the Lyceum Theater,
Miss Irving was promoted to the position
of leading lady uf the stock company. She
has appeared in the principal part in 'A
Woman's Silence,' 'The Amazons,' 'The
Case of Rebellious busan.' The Home
Secretary' and 'The Benefit of the
Doubt. 1 Her best performance is prob
ably Princess Fiavia in 'The Prisoner of
Zenda.' Miss Irving is a blonde beauty
of the fragile type, and is noted for her
gowns.
"Amy Busby, sweet and dainty, was born
in Johnstown, N. V., January 19. 1874, and
played Grace Harkaway in 'London As
surance' with Helen Barry at the acre of
15. After further schooling with Miss
Barry she joined Stuart Robson'scompany
for two seasons, and then played impor
tant parts with W. H. Crane. Following
this engagement she joined Richard Mans
field's company, and her admirable per
formance of Louka in 'Arms and the
Man' attracted the attention of Charlei
Frohman, to whom she has since been un
der contract. Miss Busby has since riven
a sympathetic performance in 'The Fatal
Card' and a new type of adventuress in the
recent production of Charles Coghlan's
'Madame.' She also appeared in 'Bur
mah' and 'Th° Law of the Land' during
the season just closing. Miss Busby was at
one time the wife of Aubrey Boucicault, but
secured a divorce a couple of years ago.
She is a very pretty girl of graceful figure,
and affects blonde wigs on the stage.
"Julia Arthur, who^went to England two
years ago because she was not appreciated
in this country, returned this Beason and
Stayed leading roles after Elien Terry t o
tenry living. It was a conspicuous and
quirk triumph. She was born May 3, 18«9,
at Hamilton, Ont., and played for several
years with Daniel E. Bandmann, who has
the faculty of discovering talented girls.
Then Miss Arthur went to Germany and
England to study. Returning, she found
an opening at the Baldwin Theater. San
Francisco, in 1887. Subsequently she be
came leading lady of Wilbur's Lyceum
Theater stock company, oft9n playing six
different roles a week. "Her first New York
success was in 'The Black Mask' at the
Union-square. A brief starring tour fol
lowed, and the promising actress became
leading lady of A. M. Palmer's company,
playing in 'Mercedes,' 'Lady Winder
mere's Fan,' etc. With Leonard Boyne
she was featured in T. Henry French's
production of 'The Prodigal Daughter."
Her last appearance before leaving for
England wasin 'Sister Mary' at the Ameri
can Theater. With Henry Irving on his
present Apierican tour Julia Arthur has
played Elaine in 'King Arthur,' Rosamond
in 'Becket,' Hero in 'Much Ado,' etc.
Miss Arthur has dark, lustrous eyes, raven
black hair and a musical voice.
"Olive Oliver was born in Carson City,
Nev., hut was brougnt up at Oakland,
Cal., where she graduated from the High
School in June, 1888. When but 18 she
made her debut as Queen Gertrude 10 the
Hamlet of Daniel E. Bandmann, with
whom she remained until May, 1890, play
ing all the heavy roles in his extensive
repertoire. Then Miss Oliver came to New
York, playing in 'Alone in London.' She
filled the heavy roles with Frederick
Warde, and created the part of Sarah
Gooch in 'House on the Marsh.' Subse
quently she appeared in 'Ye Earlio
Trouble,' 'Power of Gold,' 'Crust of So
ciety 1 and 'Lady Windermere's Fan.' Her
greatest successes have been won this sea
son with E. M. and Joseph Holland as
Zoora, the Hindoo girl, in 'A Man With a
Past," and Senora Leila Caprices in 'A
Social Highwayman.' She remains in the
same company next seasqn. Tall, grace
ful, and of uncommon brunette beauty,
Olive Oliver is an attractive woman. She
is an expert fencer and attributes her
health as well as much of her grace and
littleness to her skill with the foils.
"Katherine Grey became an actress in
Augustin Daly's company in 1883. After
one season she joiue I Charles Frohruan's
forces, playing in 'Shenandoah' and 'All
the Comforts of Home.' Then she ap
peared in 'The New South,' and for one
season played Nell Berry in 'shores
Acres' with conspicuous success. Last
season she joined Richard Mansfield's
company, where she added greatly to her
experience and her popularity. During
tne present season Miss Grey has played iii
'The Great Diamond Robbery,' aud is
now playing in 'His Absent Boy' at ihe
Garden Theater. She has ability, ambi
tion and personal charm, and excels raiher
in strong character roles. Miss Grey was
at one time the wife of Paul Arthur, but
was legally released from these murital
bonds.
"Grace Kimball is E. H. Sothern's lead
ing lady and was well lised at the begin
ning of the season for her Princess Fiavia
in 'The Prisoner of Zenda.' She has been
a member of Richard Mansfield's company
and acted with the Theater of Arts and
Letters. Her first appearance with Soth
ern was in 'Sheridan,' and she has since
played all the leading female roles of his
repertoire. As Betty i,indiey, the Maid
of Bath, in 'Sheridan,' she was a beautiful
stage picture. Her portrait in that char
acter was painted by J. Wells Champney
and Mary Cooper also modeled her bust.
Miss Kimball has undoubted histrionic
talent and convincing beauty."
Sarah's Retort Courteona.
Sarah Bernhardt and Fanny Davenport
have been indulging in a wordy war lately
through the medium of the press. It is
but just to the French woman to say that
our own Fanny seems to have begun it,
and once drawn into the fray Sarah has
proved herself more than a match for her
hated rival.
"I have seen Bernhardt," said Fanny
Davenport recently, "and I do not claim
to rival her. I have not seen Duse, and
know nothing of her methods. Of course
B°rnhardt is all fireworks. Duse must be
electric, because every one says she is so
natural in her methods, and yet she seems
to wield a great fascinating power. One
thing I do claim, and that is that 1 put
just as much study into my parts as they
do in theirs. And Ido another thing that
neither Sarah nor Duse can do — I translate
and adapt my own plays.
"My adaptation of 'Gismonda' was the
one thing which the New York papers
1 condescended to praise. They never miss
an opportunity of criticizing me and sit
ting down on me, but they did consent to
I praise my adaptation .<_>t that they
i liked the play or admitted that they did.
! When I put it on in New York the critics
said it was the worst play that had been
in New York for I don't know how long.
But now? Oh, now that Sarah is playing
it it is a 'beautiful play.'
"Sarah <s a great artist and I admire her
genius. I can't say tbit 1 have any fond
ness for her personally, however."
Bernhardt, goaded into an interview by
these and similar remarks, said: "I bear
Miss Davenport no ill will, but she must
not think she is an artist liKe me just be
cause she adulterates Sardou's plays into
English. Let me see; what can I do for
Miss Davenport to show my good nature?
Ah, yes. I have it. I have been busy to
day writing testimonials of recommenda
tion for some soap and some patent medi
cine. I will write a certificate of recom
mendation for Miss Davenport, and she
may use it in her advertisements through
out the country."
Method or Madness?
The methods adopted by some French
singing-masters have been amusingly bur
lesqued by a French writer. Take M.
Delsarte, for example, who lives on a sixth
floor at Montmartre.
When a young man goes to this pro
fessor something like the following scene
takes place:
"Have you courage?"
"Yes."
"I warn you my way is severe. But we
will try it. Kun down my six nights of
stairs as quickly a 9 possible and then run
up again, crying out 'Bonifaccio' In various
tones. Do that for eight days, an hour
and a half each day. Then we shall see
about beginning iessons."
The famous M Wartel is less severe,
though equally original. He asks a candi
date to vocalize with closed mouth, and if
a protest be entered aeainst the possibility
of such a thing, exclaims, "So much the
worse ! You must do it if lamto be your
professor."
But a well-known tenor employs a
stranger method still. A young lady goes
to him, ior example, and is met by an or
der to utretch herself at full length. She
remonstrates, but finally obeys, and then
the master piles upon her a heap of books,
surmounting the whole with a glass filled
with water.
"Now, sing," he commands.
"Sing, sir!" exclaims the victim.
"Yes, my child; in singing you must
respire as "little as possible. When you
sing thus, so as not to spill tbe water, 1
will undertake your training — not be.
fore." — Berlin Tageblatt.
Dramatic Brevities.
Ada Rehan nas played IG6 parts in vari
ous plays since 1874.
"The Squire of Dames" will be tho open
ing Dill of John Drew's coming engage
ment nere.
Miss Sadie Martinot has been engaged
as leading lady for Nat C. Goodwin's Aus
tralian tour.
"Lord and Lady Guilderoy," in which
Mr. and Mrs. Kendall have lately been
acting, is a three-act serious play of the
modern conversational type, by Hamilton
Aide.
Maxime Elliott and her youngest sister,
Gertrude, will both be members of the
Minvr-Brooks stock company, which is
booked to produce a new American play
at the Fifth-avenue Theater next fall, fol
lowing the run of "Lost, Strayed or
Stolen."
Mrs. Burnett has concluded to drama
tize her new story, "A Lady of Quality,"
and it will undoubtedly be produced on
some English or American stage within a
year or so.
There is a new chamber of horrors pre
paring for next season by Scott Marble
aud Steve Brodie in their play, which
bears the tatiug title, "Strangled on Sun
day—A Tale of the Tenenents."
Ibsen's drama, "An Enemy of the
People," has recently been performed for
the h'rst time in Spauish at Madrid. The
NEW TO-DAY— AMUSEMENTS. _______________
AL HAYMAN & CO.'S THEATERS.
BaldwiH [tSSrIow Monday, May 18,
MISS
ADA REHAN!
UNDER THE MANAGEMENT OF MR. AUGUSTIN DALY.
Mis* Rehan will appear for three weeks in her repertoire of the Heroines of Shakespeare
and Sheridan and her original creation of Contemporaneous Comedy, as given by her in
London, Paris and New York.
Miss Rehan will apnear as— _
COUNTESS utICKI Monday. Tuesday and Wednesday Evenings and Saturday Matinee In
■ - :^~" Mr.' Daly's Comedy THE COUNTESS UUCKI
VERA Thursday and Friday Evenings In Mr. Daly's Comedy
LADY TEAZLE Saturday Evening in Sheridan's Comedy.. .SCHOOL FOR SCANDAL
Second week— First five night* and (Saturday Matinee, "A Midsummer Night's Dream," "Love on
Crutches." Third week— "Twelfth Night," "The "Belle's Stratagem," ana "The Honeymoon,"
"The Taming of The Shrew.' m^^ mm^^^^ .
I calTforkia I T °- |i « M ' ™ aid West's m Bi *
VMUrUKHIM J^J JjjJlg AndGrandFinal championCakewalk.MinStrelS!
MONDAY NIGHT nil A\r .Q I
AND ALL THE WEEK, IVIAY IO !
INCLUDING SUNDAY, *»**» * RK - / •
O3>J"Xj-5r avtw^i'iixriDi: s^a.TXJ3Et.i3jSa." < sr.- —
HOVT'Q merriest HARRY
I IV^ I 1 skit, CONOR
A TRIP TO su
CHINATOWN!!!
Tour.
MOROSCO'S GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
The Handsomest Family Theater In America.
WALTER MOROSCO.... Sole Lessee and Manager
TO-MORROW EVENING - MONDAY, MAY 18.
THIRD WEEK OF AMERICA'S LEADING TRAGEDIAN,
E3D^CXJ3STID K. COLLIER,
Supported by a Select Cast from our Own Company,
IN THE GREAT HISTORICAL TRAGEDY,
JACK CADE!
THE FIRST KNIQHT OP LABOR. "
"When Adam Delved and Eve Span, Who Was Then the Gentleman?"
OUR USUAL POPULAR PRICES.
; f RICDLAnDtfIGOmOD « »• ahd rwiAOWJ- • •
S« [FAUST-
This Sunday night
MORRISON' S
Famous (scenic and Dramatic Production
! Wonderful Scenic, Electric and Calcium Effects.
I The Marvelous "Brocken" Scene.
Genuine Flashe* «»f Lightning!
M.-iui, it aI n of Fire
Reserved Seats 35c, 50c, ~sc.
| To-morrow night— AMY LEE and FRANK
: i. DOANE. .•■.•-■
BALDWIN THEATER
j AlHaysia.n & Co. (Incorporated) Proprietors
| TO-NIGHT (SUNDAY) LAST TIME
! EDDIE | The Strange Adventures
| FOY. of Miss Brown.
Monday Night. MISS ADA REHAN.
MACDONOUGH THEATER
(OAKLAND).
Two Nights Beginning To-Horrow (Monday).
Primrose & "West's Great Minstrels.
7o People. Secure Seats. Prices, 25c to $i.
SUTRO BATHS.
TO-DAY.
POSITIVELY LAST TIME.
GRAND OCEAN SCENE. .
DESTRUCTION OF SHIP- REPUBLIC
BY FIRE.
j Realistically Illustrated by
Real Shipwrecked Sailor*
Of the 111-Fated Vessel.
GRAND CONCERT.
See the Wonderful Floating Island and
* ■ Lighthouse.
DON'T MISS IT.
GENERAL ADMISSION:
! ADULTS 106. CHILDREN sc.
' '
! SHOOT THE CHUTES!
| Saturday & Sunday. Afternoons & Evenings.
DURING NEW IMPROVEMENT.
TO-DAY
SENSATIONAL
? Balloon Ascension!
E M I L MAR E B G
The Most Daring Man on Earth.
| ADMISSION ..5...... 100
CHILDREN, Including merry-go-r0nnd......5c
FIRST LEAP-YEAR BLOOMER BALL
——GIVKN BY *
CYCLERS' SOCIAL CLUB,
PARK VIEW HALL.
Corner Ninth aye. and H st., near Olympic Club
Grounds.
SATURDAY EVENING, MAY 23.
Gus Weasels as "ilcGlnty on Wheels," will lead
the grand march at 8:15 sharp.
GENTS r.Oc. LADIES FREE.
"? FINE KREE LUNCH.
MUSIC BY WALTEN ORCHESTRA.
Extra cars will leave the grounds at l-':45 a. m.
SONG RECITAL
MRS. EUNICE *^VESTWATER
MRS. EUNICE WESTWATER
(Contralto), '
Assisted by Miss CHARLOTTE GRUEN-
IIAGKN, Violinist; 810. MAKTINKZ, PlanlsU
NATIVE SONS BALL,
Mason street, between Geary and Post.
Admission, including reserved seat, 50c.
Seats now on sale at Sherman, Clay & Co.'s, Sut-
te».Bud Kearny sis.
translation by Don Juan Gonzales was
very briiliant.'still the play did not please
the Spanish public.
"The Shop Gin" is to be prodr.ced in
Pans. It has passed its five hundredth
performance in London.
The phrase sub rosa, "under the rose,"
has been said to have originated from the
many plots and conspiracies engendered
during the wars of York and Lancaster,
but it is much more probable that it arose
from a custom — now fallen into disuse, but
once very general among the nations of
the north of Europe— of suspending a rose
over the heads of the guests at feasts to
signify that whatever transpired was of a
confidential nature.
] TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE
I MBS. IiBSBiHSB Krelixu, Proprietor & Manager
TO-NIGHT L.AST TIME
OF THE BRILLIANT REVIVAL
• Of Auber's Tuneful .Romantic Opera,
"FRA DIAVOLO!"
EVERY NUMBER A GEM.
! SEATS NOW ON SALE FOR
TO-MOitKOW EVENING
First Time in Operatic Form,
"UNCLE TOM'S CABIN !"
A Great Scenic Production.
Popular Prices— 2sc and sOe.
O'Farrell Street, Between Stockton and PowelL
Matinee To-Day (Sunday), May 17.
Parquet, any seat, 125 c: Balcony, any seat, 10c;
Children, 10c. any part.
MAGNIFICENT NEW ATTRACTIONS!
A Marvelous Bill Throughout!
WOOD AND SHKFAKD. *
FIELDS AND LEWIS.
JOHN W. KANSONK
And 14 Celebrated Artists. ,
RACINGI RACING! RACING
CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB.
—WINTER MEETING ■
j Beginning: Thursday, May 14th,
BAY DISTRICT TRACK.
Racing Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday
Friday and Saturday. Kaln or Shine.
FIVE UK MOKE RACES EACH DAY.
Races start at 2:00 p. m. sharp.
McAllister and Geary street cars pass the at*
R. B. MIJLROY. THOS. li. WILLIAMS JR.,.
Secretary. • President.
PICNICS AND EXCURSIONS.
♦7'HO! SANTA
JAW : The Grandest .'Alt 11*9
f\J\ : Picnic :H X 1 1 ./
JT 18. :or the Season : U II Ufa
i l\ MOUNTAINS
.3 *► THE FIRST ANNIVERSARY
©Excursion and Family Picnic*
union^lprTnters'
UNION PRINTERS'
MUTUAL aid society
WILL BE HELD OX
THURSDAY ...MAY 31, 1896
At GLEXWOOD PAKE—
i Santa Cruz Mountains. . .
Tickets for the round trip (including Park). SI. OO
Children (between 5 and 12 years) .500
Tickets can be procured of any member of the
Society, or at 606 Montgomery st., Room 16, or at
the wharf on the morning of the Excursion. A
fine Band of Music will accompany the Excursion.
The train will he made up of Flrst-claass Passen-
ger Coaches. Prizes tor adults and children.
Boat leaves Oakland Ferry (narrow gauge), foot
Of Market St., at B:4s' a. m. sharp. Returning,
train leaves Ulenwood at 6:30 r. m.
EL CAMPO,
THE POPULAR BAY RESORT.
Now Open Every Sunday During the Season.
Music, Dancing, Bowling, Boating, Fishing and
other amusements. Refreshments at city prices.
Fare, round trip, 25c; children 10c; including ad-
mission to the grounds. ' . •
THE STEAMER UKIAH
Will leave Tlburon Ferry 10:30 a. m., 12:10 p. it,
2 and 4 p.m. Returning loavo Xl Campo 11:15
A. M.. 1, 3 and 5 p.m. _^
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
KEARNY AND WASHINGTON BT3.— RB-
modeled'and renovated. KING, WARD <£ CO.
European plan, ■ Rooms 50c to *1 50 per day, $2
to $8 per week, $8 to $30 per month: free baths;
hot and cold water every room; fire grates in
•very room; elevator run 3 alinigat. .Now the hawthorns blossom,
Now the dais!? spring. —Pop*. '
Who first beholds the light of day
In spring's sweet flowery month of May
And wears an emerald all her life
. Shall be a loved and happy wife.
WHAT a beautiful spring
time this is! How glad and '
joyous the world seems!;
Beauty and love, light and ,
song all around.
What has been the matter with my little
puzzle-solvers this week? I huve just re
ceived a single answer to last Sunday's
questions. ; You'll have to put your think
ing caps on.
Pleasant letters have been received this
■week from Louise Brower, Mary McKin
ney, Flora O'Berg, Robah Goodman. Paul
ine Winner, Kaymond Roby, Edna Mac
Osborne, Blanche Goodwin, Julia Weber,
Hazel Bell, Lorena Maclntyre, Caroline
Lee, Minnie Culver, John Dirks, Julia
Brieger, Cleva Body, Lucy Rice, Jessie
Batchelder, Carlton Panzer, Pearl Moore,
Elizabeth Holmberg, Carrie A., Rose and
Sadie Drinkwater, C. F. Kibbe and Miss
Felicia Mahoney.
A Fairy Story.
In the western part of the county of
Kilkenny, Ireland, there lived a certain
man by the name of "Paddy Murphy"
"11E HERDED CATTLE FOR A RICH FARMER."
who had at one time been a soldier in the
English arm 3*, but was now pensioned off
on account of a fall he had received while
out in Egypt. This fall had caused a large
hump to grow on his back.
Aa his pension was only about what was
equal to 25 cents per day for life, he en
deavored to better his condition by herd
ing cattle for a rich farmer who lived in
the neighborhood.
Now in many part? of Ireland, as is well
known, there are certain s^ots or "Dane's
Forts," which are supposed to be the abid
ing places of the good people commonly
called fairies, and it so happened that
there was one of the=e fort-j in the middle
of the field where Paddy herded the
catt'e.
He was in the habit of lying nnder the
blackthorns (which abound in these places)
smoking his pipe, and thinking about his
soldier life of former days.
On a bright Monday morning, while he
" PADDY DANCED FOR JOY."
■was thus taking it easy, he suddenly
heard a multitude of voices singing close
by where he lay, and the refrain of their
eonjj was "Saturday Sunday, Saturday
Sunday, Saturday Sunday." " 'Aye, and
Monday, too," sanp Paddy. He hardly
had the words out of his mouth, when a
little man, about 3 feet hi<?h, wearing a
red mantle and a golden crown on bis
head and pleasing smile on his face, ap
peared before him. asking in the most
courteous manner "who it was that had
made their song so much more beautiful
by the addition of the words 'Aye, and
Monday, too.' "
"Sure, my name is Paddy Murphy, and
it's glad I am that ye loikes me singin'."
"Mow," answered the little man, "be
RICHILDHOOD`S REALM
cause you did so well I shall make you ;
straight agftin and make you feel as youn^
as ever you did." So saying, he gave him ■
a slap on the back and disappeared.
Paddy Murphy jumped to his feet, and
was greatly surprised to find his hump
"sone intirely," and that he felt as if he
were about 1".
Dancing for joy he drove his cattle i
home, astonishing the good people as be
went at his having been changed so sud- '
denly into a tine straight young man.
Of course be had to tell over and over
ajrain the wonderful story of how it had
all happened.
Now there was a certain old miser by
the name of Jack Madden living nearby;
whom no one liked, and he had an enor
mous hump on his back, too. After he
heard of Paddy Murphy's good luck he
resolved to pay him a visit and to see for ;
himself if the wonderful news were true.
Mr. Murphy Kindly gave him all the
particulars, even to the very blackthorn
bush under which he lay.
"Well, Mr. Murphy," said he, "I'll give
ye a £5 note if yell let me be after herdin'
the cattle for a wake. Perhaps 1, too, may
be lucky."
It is needless to say that Paddy jumped
at the offer and prepared to have a "rale
good time," so dear to the heart of all oKI
English soldiers. Accordingly, bright
and early the next Monday morning Mr.
Jack Madden drove out the herd and
planted himself under the blackthorn in
dicated by Paddy.
Sure enough he had nnt been there long
when he heard voices as it were of thous-
ands, singing "Saturday Sunday, Satur
day Sunday; aye, and Monday, too.' 1
"Aye, and 'luesday, three," sang Jack.
Scarcely were the words out of his
mouth when the little man appeared
with fire in his eyes' and a terrible expres
sion of rage on his face.
His golden crown was pushed on the
hack of his head ami he was carrying a
larce bundle under hi 3 mantle.
He demanded, in a deep, stern voice,
"who it was who had spoiled our song, for
ever and ever."
"My name is Jack Madden," said the
miser. "I did not intend to spoil your
song, but to make it more beautiful."
"Jack Madden, Jack Madden." said the
little man, "your days I shall sadden!
Henceforth you shall wear two humps,
Jack Madden."
Then, taking the bundle, which proved
to b« Paddy Murphy's hump, he clapped
it quickly on Jack's back and disap]>eared.
Greatly to the amusement of the people
Jack Madden is wearing two humps to
this very day. J. C, Angel Island.
iuk Di. Am OF BAGS.
A Pathetic Story of s Warm-Hearted
"Nobody's Dog."
Rags belonged to a sawyer, who one
! day got caught in the machinery of th«
i sawmill and met his death bsfore any one
| could reach him. Rags saw the cruel
i teeth coming nearer and nearer, but could
not drag his master away, though he tried
with all his loving might.
These two had lived their simple lives
together, and when the sawyer was laid
under the churchyard daisies Rags was
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY 17, 1896.
left alone to wander back and forth be
tween the low quiet mound and the noisy
old mill.
Tiie next man at the mill dirt not care for
dogs, but he never drove the gentle crea
ture away, and if anything was left at
lunch time he seldom forgot to toss it to
Rags. But he never thought to toss a
pleasant word or a gay whistle along with
it, to cheer the dog's heart as well as his
stomach, and the hours often came to
poor Rags when his heart was even
Hungrier than his stomach.
He tried to make friends with the truant
boys that lounged about the old pond. He
guarded their clothes wbile they were
ewirnniing, fetched the sticks they tossed
upon the water, and almost every time
brought back the marked stones they had
thrown as far as they could.
And tbifl is the way they repaid such
gentie behavior.
One autumn day, whea it was so cold
that one could »)e"conifortable only in the
sunshine, the boys began throwing sticks
i into the water and sending Rags out after
them. He plunged in once, twice and
came out shivering, but glad to be of in
terest to any one. A nobody's dog is
quite conscious of the fact that he is no
body's aog. He may appear very gay
sometimes, but is only because his loving
heart is trying to coax some one to come
Into it and make it happy. A '.bird stick
and a fourth were thrown. The chilled,
reluctant creature brought them back.
15ut at t tie fifth he whined and wagged his
tail, and did hi? very dog's be«t to make
them understand how hard a thing this
war- that they were askiug of him.
Bat the sun shone warmly upon their
own shoulders. They must have sport.
The biggest bully of them all threw a stone
with .«nch perfect aim that poor Rags gave
a sharp yelp of pain and plunged again
into the chilling water. He was long in
reaching the floating stick. Even then he
passed it onee — for he appeared to be a
little dazed — and when at last he was
ready to swim ashore he seemed not to
know in which direction it lay.
One of the loungers cave a careless
laugh. Rags heard him. turned slowly,
and swam toward him for a moment, then
sank out of sight, "lie'? drowning," cried
a distressed voice, and the little daughter of
the new mill-owner came springing from
log to log until she readied the one nearest
the shore. Then she leaned far forward
to look for poor Rags.
The Joungers scrambled to their feet.
The head of Rags appeared again. The
little girl cried out encouragement. One
of the roused idlers gave a whistle to chec
him onward. But alter a faint struggle
be went down aeain with the cruel stick
Btill between his faithful teeth.
Then Turner Robbing threw off his coat
and boots, and before the others realized
what he was doing he had brought ihc
oog ashore and was kneeling beside him
upon the yellow sawdust, squeezing the
water from'his long, thick far.
The little girl knelt too. She smoothed
the poor, wet head and cried over a braise
that the heavy stone had made.
The words she murmured were so kind
that Rags opened his eyes as wide a 9 he '■
could, fie tried to prick up his ears that
had grown so heavy; and when lie saw |
the gentle face bending over him he ;
seemed really to know that the tears were
for Inm, and lifting one of his paw? a little .
he tried to reach it toward her in a friendly |
greeting. One fluttering sigh escaped
him, and the troubles of poor, gentle
hearted Rags were over.
Then the little daughter of the new mill
owner sprang to her !eet.
"You are murderers!" she cried, "every
one of you!"
And, as she turned her shining eyes
upon them, they fell backward, one by
one, and tried to get behind each other.
"Xotljin' but a dog,"' said one of them
surlily. "Tli' ain't no sense in making
such a fuss."
"God made docs just as well as he made
men,'' said the little accuser. "And I'd
rather be a dog than to be such a man as
you are going to be."
1 nrnex Bobbtns looked up Into her fare.
He was still kneeling beside poor Rags,
and he was drenched and cold. He said
something, he hardly knew what, but it
meant that he was ashamed o! his share
in the bad business, and that he intended
to be a different boy from that moment.
After that one of'them slipped away and
found a broken shovel and a grave was
made on a sunny slope behind the old
mill. But before the last pit of turf had
been relaid. each boy, in bis own 'rough,
honest fashion, had given the mill owner's
little daughter to understand that he was
sorry and ashamed, and that, with the go
ing out of the innocent life of poor Rags
there had entered into his own heart a
new feeling of mercy and kindness for
every creature that can suffer and die. —
Our Animal Friends.
The Flint, Steel and Tinder.
A Fable.
High words once occurred in the early
morning between a flint and steel. "I
can break you to pieces if I like," cried
the steel.
"Break away, then," retorted the flint;
"I can stand more than you can strike, for
your blows have no effect upon me."
"Hold on," cried the tind-r; "let me
come between you two, for I hear the mis
tress of the house coming down to make
the fire, and I want to be lighted."
So away they went, striking and bang
ing each other wit!) great force, till sparks
began to fly out, and soon the tinder was
kindled and the fire lit.
Moral— Competition is one secret of suc
cess. — Chatterbox.
The small boy had gone out with his
father for a sail, and the bounding billows
had shaken him up to the extent that he
had parted with his breakfast.
"Oh, papa," he exclaimed after the
second attack, "what makes me unswallow
that way?"
"No, Willie, dear," said mamma, "no
more cakes to-night. Don't you know
you cannot sleep on a full stomach ?"
"Weil, 1 ' replied Willie, "I car. sleep on
my back." — Harper's Round Table.
Mamma — Johr.Dy, dear, give your little
sister some of your sausage. You know, a
pleasure ' shared with others is a double
pleasure.
Johnny— mamma, I know, but a
sausage shared with another is only half a
sausage. — Fliegende Blatter.
•! Naughty Max.
Lucy. Max and Betty are three very
good friends, but first let me tell you that
Lucy is a dear little girl of six, Max her
bow-wow and Betty her new doll.
The morning after Lucy received her
new doll when she woke up it was pit-a
pat, pit-a-pat outside, and then she knew it
was raining.
Rainy days are generally very unpleas
ant ones to little people, but to Lucy this
day was not unpleasant at all. She had
just got a big new doll and she was so
busy dressing and undressing it, and the
time passed so quicKly, that when the
lunch bell rang she thought it was too soon
for it. But her mamma said Bhe would
have a long time afterward to play with
the doll. •
"Now. Max, you be a good doggie, and
take cam of Betty while I am away," Lucy
said, and she held Betty up for him to see,
and shook her ringer warningly. Then
she ran away and sat Betty on a etiair,
and then went down to lunch.
Now Max had never seen his little mis
tress have a doll as large as this before, j
and have real curly hair, so he did not !
know what to make of it. First he thought i
be would take a nap, but he could not- !
with that image before him. He lay look I
ing at Betty for a long time, but finally I
got up and barked at her, to see if she \
would move.
But Hetty did not move, so he pulled
her to the floor and shook her wratbfully,
and, sorry to say, tore a big hole in her
dress. He was joat going for her hair when
Luc> skipped into the room, holding a ;
piece of cake. *
"Why! What have you done? Oh, i
dear! "and Lucy burst into tears, running j
to mamma.
When Max had heard Lucy coming he
ran away in the corner, looking sheepish,
for he knew he had been a naughty dog.
Mamma came in and rescued Betty, say- I
ing to her little daughter, "I can lix dolly
! all right, dariinix.''
"Oh! can you? dear good mamma!
But," she said, presently, "do you think j
Max oujjht to have his cake? He has been !
awful naught y to tear Betty's dress. I j
he will be very sorry if he can't |
have it."
■Max certainly has been a very bad
: dog, but I am quite sure he would say he
! was sorry if be could talk."
Her words were true, for though Max
' could not speak, he felt sorry in his own
j dumb way, and came running into the
I room licking little Lucy's hands and face,
i just as if he was sayi:ig he was sorry and
i would never do it again.
Max did not get bis cake that time, and
i I think it taught him a lesson, for he
! never attempted to do such a thing again.
Nevertheless, Betty and her brothers
and sisters were kept out of his way after
that. Ethkl Ferguson, 12 years.
Max.
May was the only child of the Brown
family.
You might think she was lonesome, but
! she was not, for ?he had a pony, dog. cat
I and a canary bird.
Of all her pets she liked her dog the
; best. He was a large black dog, with long
! hair and white feet.
May thought a long time before she
i could get him a good name. At last she
; called him Max.
Max was given to her by a miller, who
i was a good friend of her father's. The
HET^fr COM&- TWo BOW,*
notNjy ma^t-a rvjoi^t-F"
?^V TjLl T HEr V go BY,
•\ o V\Ad "v '
.ij/ tjfjt REASONS pum.J!
1 miller said. "I have two dog rand you
may have this one." So she sbought it
! home and it soon became a great pet of
hers.
Max would get into a good deal of mis
chief, but no one would whip him for it.
One very hot day May took her favorite
| doll an J went out under the shade of au
' apple tree.
Max followed her, and when they
reached the apple tree he laid down for a
sleep.
May soon got tired of playing with her
doll and longed for an apple that hung
over her head. But she could not take
any for her mother had said they were not
! ripe yet.
Looking up she saw a large apple that
looked riper than the rest and she said to
, herself, "No one is looking, I think I will
' get that apple."
But some one was looking. Max had
his eye on her doll and he meant to get it.
So Mny let her doll drop and started up
the tree for the apple.
She was about to pluck it when she saw
Max grab her doll. She jumped from the
tree and started after him.
Round and round the garden Max ran
and May after him till at last he stopped.
May pulled her doll out of his teeth and
gave him a good whipping, the first time
Pnssy In the Hat.
May ever whipped him. When he felt the
stick he put his tail between his legs and
ran. May's doll's dress was all torn and
half of its hair was out of its head.
She went home and told her mother
about naughty Max— how he had spoiled
her doll and the whipping she had give
him. Her mother said, "I will get you
another doll, so you better make friends
with Max again." •
So May got some milk and gave it to
Max and they soon were good friends
again as though he had never touched her
doll. Will Harris.
Goodyears Bar, Sierra County, Cal.
Naughty Max.
It was the week after little Winnie's
sixth birthday and she had a present of a
set of dolls. To-day, when she got ready
for church, she did not put them away as
she ought to have done, and while she was
gone that mischievous little pup of hers
got hold of poor grandma and tugged and
pulled at her till her silvery hair was all
tangled and a large crack in her head,
i and, worst of all, he pulled one of her
arms off and her pretty dress he tore all to
tatters. When Winnie came home she
was so surprised to • find grandma torn to
pieces that she did not know what to do.
At last she saw Max— that little pup—sit
ting in one corner watching her. She
went straight up to him and scolded and
accused him of the mischief and said,
'.'Naughty Max to tear poor grandma all
to pieces.*" Max looked away and put his
tail down as much as to say, "Winnie, I
am very sorry."
Carl H. F. Sperber, age 9 years.
Hollister, Cal.
Naughty Max.
Max, Helen and Marguerite were very
good friends.
Marguerite was only a doll and Max a
; do,*, but they were Helen's only play
mates. Helen would get her doll-buggy
i and bitch Max up to it and make him
' take Miss Marguerite driving.
One day they were playing in the grass,
when Helen's mother called her. She left
Max and Marguerite in the grass; but,
i alas! when she came back they were both
J gone. She hunted for a long time, and
was just giving up when she saw the tall
grass waving. She ran .to the place and
! saw Max rolling over and over with Mar
; guerite in his mouth.
Helen rescued her doll, but poor Mar
! euerite's silk dress, just made the day
before, was alj torn. Helen scolded Max.
Ha put his head to one side and seemed to
i say, "I will never do it again." Helen
1 put her arms around Max's neck and Max
; licked her face so, you see, they are still
; friends. Alice Perry,
Delano, Cal. Age 11 years.
Naughty Max.
One day Edna Brown was playing in the
nursery with her best doll, Victoria. She
went downstairs to get Victoria's hat to
take her for a walk. Her dog, Max. hap
pened to go into the nursery while she
was away, and, on seeing Victoria, he
thought he would have a romp with her.
j He pulled her hair out, bit the top of her
j shoe off, and tore her blue silk dress.
i When Edna came upstairs what a sight
,it was. She scolded him and called him
"Naughty Max," but Max sat on the floor
with one ear up and one ear down, as much
as to say, "If you don't want me to touch
your doll you had better put it where I
won't get it." Then Edna brought the
doll to grandma, who fixed her up good as
ever. Ella May Kexeally,
From New Zealand. Aged 9 years.
THE LETTER BOX
1033 REGENT BTREET, I
Alameda, Cal., May 10, 1896. i
Dear Editor: My papa takes The Call. I read
the Childhood's Realm every Sunday.
This is the first letter I have ever written to
The Call. I hope It will be published.
I like the story of "Naughty Max, " "What
Flora Saw When in Search of the Fairies,"
••Donald" and many other stories. I think the
little girls write nice stnries.
I go to the Porter School and am in the A
Fourth (irade.
Good-by. Your little friend,
Alice M. Howe, 8 years old.
Etna Mills, Cal., May 3, 1896.
Dear Editor: My papa takes the Daily Call.
I live in the northern part of the State, near
the foot of the Salmon Mountains. There was
rive feet of new snow the first of May on the
Salmon Mountains.
This is the first letter I have written to The
Call. Our school is out now, but my grandpa
is reading the "United States History" to me.
I hope to see this letter in the SrsDAY Call.
Your friend, Alta Adams.
Oakland, May 3, 1896.
Dear Editor: I have a chum. His name is
Alfred Parson. We have fine fun. I have a
fireman's suit, a hat, a hatchet and a horn.
We play fireman and have lots of fun. We
have another friend named James Silby. He
lives right by me. We two are the horses and
Alfred is the driver. We pull him all over.
Alfred is 9, James is 7 and lam 9 years old. I
hope to see my letter in the paper. Your
lriend, Geoeue Davis.
Santa Rosa, Cai., May 10, 1896.
Dtar Editor: I have read some of the stories
in this Sunday's Call and thought I would
write one to be put in next Sunday's Call.
The story is:
SOME OF MY MISFORTTXES.
When I was a boy about seven years old my
father died. I did not feel the loss of him at
the time, but after I was old enough to work
! and mv mother had spent all but a little
I money and I had to work fora living, I felt
I tne loss of him very much. My mother did
i not like to let any one Know she was getting
poor, so she tried to keep up the fashion. It
was rather hard for her to do so when big
sleeves became the fashion, because she had to
spend so much money in buying six yards for
each sleeve, beside the other part of the
dress. After awhile she told me I would
I have to get a job where I could make more
i money, because bhe wanted to get a bicycle
GOING TO FRIGHTEN PAPA.
[Reproduced from Chatterbox. 1 ,
made for two. I was very glad when i
I heard of this because I thought she meant to
give me a ride with her sometimes. Hut I was
very sorry when she got one, because sh" had
a man on'with her. Now she wanted money ;
0 buy a pair of bloomers. I thought I would
have a }oke upon her, so I went ont int>> tiu
garden and got two blooming roses and gave
them to her. When I met htr again ihetoldl
me to hurry up and make money enough to >
get her a wedding dress. Now I know that she
was going to marry the man who had been
riding with her. When the day of the wed- |
dine came I armed myself with a pistol. Just ;
as they were making solemn vows to one an
other I shot the man. I was ha»ged the next
week for having done my mother a favor. I
Yours truly, Fred Body (Age 12 years).
Bab Francisco, May 4, 139 G.
Dear Editor: This is my first letter, and I
don't hardly know how to commence it, and
I suppose it will be twice as hard to finish it.
I am 10 years old, and go to the F.dison pri
mary school, where all of the teachers are so
kind and so good that I feel regret as well us
joy at the prospect of being promoted soon to
the Horace Mann Gratamar School. It is
hardly necessary to tell you that my fatner
takes The Call, or that if he did not 1 never
would have seen the Childhood's Realm, and
then I would not send you my first letter. I
take the page of The Call, with the Child
hood's Kealm in it, to my teacher in it every
Monday, and she reads some of the stones to
the class, and all of us (.'hilelren enjoy It almost
as much as we enioy our vacation. But I
think 1 enjoy the vacation ju.-t a little more,
as I am iv hopes that my mamma will take me
to the country. I think I have -written a great
deal for a little girl, and I am fours, vt-ry truly,
ANNIE IJRAXAGAN.
Alamkda, Cal.. May 10. 139 G.
Dtar Editor: This is my first letter to you.
1 have a big dog, his name is Mager Sport
Panzer. 1 attend the Kncinal School. My
te«clier's name is Miss Gray. My papa used to
take the Chronicle, but now be says The Call
is the best paper, so we take it. 1 love to read
the Children's Page. It is very interesting.
I came near being a valentine eight years ago.
My papa goes on a .snip r.nd I look out for
mama. Your little friend, Caeltos Panzer.
Temepcal, Cal., May 2, 1596.
Dear Editor: This is my first letter to The
Call. My father takes The Call. I read the
Children's Page. My father is a soldier. lam
10 years old. 1 go to school. Our school is a
mile and c half away.. I live on a bee ranch.
I hope this is published in Tin: Weekly Call
so I can see it. Yours, truly, George Park.
Fairpiei.d, May 5, 1?9G.
Dear Editor: I am very much interested in
the children's page, my papa takes The Call,
and I do read the stories in it, and also the
letters and Douald series. In the spring l like
to go and pick wild flowers. I have a flower
garden of my own and I hoe it mysetl and keep
tlie wcedß from growing; I have two brothers
and one sister. This is my first letter and 1
hope it will be published. Your little friend.
Ixosora I. Mag.vnim, age 11 years.
Dear Editor: I have read many of your in
teresting letters published in the tan Francisco
Call and hope that mine will be aa well
favored.
I shall now endeavor to let you have a brief
skejeh of Mazatlan. Mexico, to which place I
once made a short visit with some friends of
ours to see their home. We took the Pacific
Mail steamer and hud a most pleasant trip and
passed quite a number of interesting points.
We landed at Mazatlan on October 1 after
sev<>n days on the water. Tne climate is ex
ceedingly hoi-down there, and to a San Fran
cisco girl it is almost unbearable. So after
about two months I returned home. We had
thanksgiving on board the steamer and had a
lovely time. The houses are not built tall as
ours are. there being but very few higher- than
one story. They are made of adobe with roofs
of bars.
We subscribe for The Call and we all say ii
1b the best paper in the City. Yours truly,
M. Haetm'an'.
BoONVII.LE, Cal., May 8, 1896.
Dear Editor: I am only 5 years old, so I can'l
write, but mamma will write for me if I tell
her what to write.
I live in the country on a ranch. I wouldn' 1
lik« to live in a city 'cause you can't got anj
nice wild strawbsrries or wild flowers l^kc J
do.
I've got a spotted dog named Pnnch, and i
horse named Ginger, and a red and white com
named Susie, and I can milk her by myself.
I have got a big pijr named Ring, nnd sin
will come to me when I call her. Sometimes
ride her, but I fall otfwhen she runs fast.
If some of the little city girls will come ti
visit me I w-iil let them ride my horse am
pIR-
Mamma says you'll think I'm a Doy, but I an
not.
I would like to see my letter in The Cale i
you have room for it. Mamma reads all th
stories and letters to me on the children'
page, and they are so nice that I wish ther
were two pages. Your little friend,
Clyde Witherell, age 5 years.
PUZZLES
-1. If a hen ana a half lays an egg and a half
in a day and a half, how' many eggs will six
hens ana a half lay in six days and a half?
11. Why Is Sunday the strongest day of the
seven? Alice Bell.
111. A woman took some eggs to market. To
her first customer she sold halt of what she
had and one-half an - egg more; to the second
she sold half of the number she had . left and
half an egg more; to the third she sold half of
i what she ad left and one-hall an egg more. She
then had none left. How did she do this with
out breaking an eeg?
IV. >{ame a country in the north of Europe
whose name shows the nature of Its climate.
Lizzie Jacobs.
V. Transpose the letters in name of a boys'
famous school and obtain a sound. Again, and
have a missive.
VI. Word hunting. Make fifty words out of
the name of Gladstone. Use the letters for each
word as often as they appear in the name.
Correct answers for May 10.
I. Words lor blanks as follows: Levi, live
veil, vile, evil.
11. Because he wears a coat, and pants.
111. To-day.
IV. Bough, bOHgh, rough, cough, tough.
V. (a) Star, rat«.
. (Ij, Trap, rapt,
(c) Evil, vile.
Answers to all or a majority of puzzles re
ceived from following:
April 20— Susie Hocan.
May Casimir Etchebarne, Ethel E. C.
Wrigut, Alice Bell, Annie Branagan, Hilda
Lippi, Barry Johnston.
May 10-Hilcla Bjornstad.
m
A May Blessing.
Eight years ago to-day.
On the sixteenth day of May,
I'm sure that was the date
In eighteen ninety -eight.
There came to me complete
A little boy so sweet,
lie was Rose's babe and mamma's boy,
He was his papa's own sweet Joy.
In eighteen ninety, wasn't II strange?
On the second of March there came a change:
A little girl was left to me
To keep mat brother company.
Now don't you think I hare my share
With such a lovely little pair?
>o I'll not wish for any more
To be left out at my front door,
l"or it is all thai I can do
To bring these two up with my shoe. 8
NEW TO-DAY.
SOLE "AGENTS FOR THE
MAQQIONI KID GLOVES.
BATHING" SUIT
SALE!
LADIES', GESTS' ASD
CHILDREN'S BATHING SLITS
For less money than the cost of
manufacturing.
Following are the prices which will
govern this sale. •
LADIES' •
Woolen Bathing Suits,
worth $4.00, $5.00, I "
1 &£*** $2.50
MISSES' ■ ' .
Woolen Bathing Suits,
worth $8.00, $4.00 <N QR
and $5.00 per Suit, for M>n3u
MEN'S/ V .
Woolen Bathing Suits,
worth $1.50 per Suit, 7f|n
f0r.............. lUb
EXTRA!
100 pairs of Ladies'
All-Wool Serge Bloom-
ers, worth $3.00 per (Pi Kf|
pair, f0r......... | iPliuU
Hail Orders Promptly Filled.
HANILKON,
125, 127, 129, 131 Kearny Street. ..
BRANCH STORE— and 744 Market
Street. ,
COSMOPOIjITAN,
Opposite V. S. Mint, 100 and . 102 Firth St. &aa
lranclaco, Cal.— The most select family hotel la
the city. Board ana room, $1, $1 25 and $1 50 par
day, according to room. Meals 25c. Rcoau, 50a
and 75c a day. JTre* coach to and from the - hOt«L
.Looic lor the coacu bearing the name of the Co*.
I mopvliua Hotel. wiL I'AUJSY, froptUWJi,
2526
the YOUNG ATHLETE
fe~.g~^HE passing weeks bring me to the j
third letter in the series of articles J
* on athletics, ft is my earnest ]
II wish that much good may result j
from these writings, and that tbe
young people of both sex<s may receive an
inspiration that will stimulate a healthy |
desire to build up vigorous constitutions; ;
also that our young men may feel growing ,
within them an ambition to excel in le
gitimate and health-giving contests.
This seems an opportune moment to
ciwell on a few of the fallacies that have
hung around training for half a century.
True, most of these have been exploded, |
bat in case any of our young friends
should happen to get hold of an old book \
on the subject I will head off such mis- j
taken ideas by a few chosen remarks.
A trainer of the old school was accus- !
turned to start his man on his career of
training by a dose of medicine that would
atiout sap the vitality from him. In some t
He exclaimed, "Why, the effort has steadied yonr heart."
cases it might be a good thing,
especially if the subject is a man whose
system is out of order or whose blood is in
bad shape.
The question of whether to take mcdi- j
cine or not previous to entering into train- j
ing is one which each individual should j
decide for himself; but in any case a j
"black draught 1 ' or any other violent !
physic should be avoided. If you feel I
well and hearty no medicine is needed, I
but if somewhat uuder the weatner with- j
out being really sick take a dope ot citrate
of magnesia, or some mild but effective
pills.
Some people do not need to take any
medicine at all, and to do po would be
wrong. As for myself, I take a dose of
medicine about once in ten years. How
foolish it would be, therefore, for me to
take medicine just because old fogies
recommend it.
This suggests the very important sub
ject of reducing flesh. When a person is
fat, of course, the superfluous flesh must
come off, but how? Some people's method
is to take a heavy dose of medicine. I
cannot characterize this stronger than to
say that only an idiot or one nearly so
would do such a thing. Reducing tiesh is
a serious matter and should never be hur
ried. It is difficult to prescribe just how
long a time must elapse before the athlete
can consider that he is "Uown fine," as far
as weight is concerned. Some people
never need to use any exertions to keep
their fat down; others must watch them
selves and the scales, while a third cla^a
must be martyrs to the effort of keeping
fat from accumulating.
Reference was made two weeks ago to
rubbing down. Now there is no Houbt
that if an athlete can have a good rubbing
down after exercise it will be an excellent
thing for him. This can be accomplished
in two ways — by exchanging courtesies, or
by hiring a man to do it. I once saw two
young men tie each other in the cham
pionship of America at the high jump,
and was told that t'.iey systematically
rubbed each other down.
Rubbing down after a bath and rubbing
down before a race are two widely differ
ent things. The former should be done
with a coarse towel and it matters little
whether the muscles are rigid or other
wise. In the latter case, however, a dif/
ferent method should be pursued; the
rubbing should be done with the bare
hands — polishing, so to speak. If you
have a friend to help you stand on a chair
and tell him to polish your calves by rub
bing downward with his hands — notwork
ing both hands together, but striking the
calf in a downward direction alternately.
After doinp this for a few minutes let him
reverse the process and rub in an upward
direction.
Now let me particularly impress upon
the reader the necessity of alfowing the
muscles to be perfectly free and flexible
during the process. I am not exaggerating
when 1 say that balf of the benefit is lost
by keeping the muscles rigid during this
massage treatment.
When the calves are finished let the j
operation be continued upon all the I
muscles and limbs, keeping iv mind that'
the object of rubbing down is twofold — |
to invigorate the skin; and secondly to I
stimulate a free circulation of the blood in |
the muscles and to rub out of them any
tendency to stiffen.
Before entering upon the subject of rac
ing proper it is advisable tiiat I speak on a !
very important subject, namely: Is racing !
dangerous?
This is a subject upon which I have de- j
voted a ereat deal of thought, and I cer- ]
tainly feel qualified to speak with decision j
on many important points, as my entry i
into athletics dates back eighteen years. !
and I have numbered among my acquaint- !
ances not only some of the greatest ath- ;
letes that ever breathed, but men dis- I
tinguished as promoters and students of '
physical exercise. Those who are ac- j
quainted with athletics in New York, es- j
pecially the period dating from eight i
years back, will remember the names of
Dr. Sarjrent, William B. Curtis, George
Goldie, Professor William Wood and John
Wood. The personal acquaintance of
these gentlemen is a matter of pride with
me, and they have contributed largely to
my stock of evidence, both original and
corroborative.
To begin I have an authoritative state
ment of Dr. Silas BlaisJell, at one time
demonstrator of anatomy of the fsew York
College of Physicians aiid Surgeons, who
devoted considerable time and attention
to the subject we are considering, attend
ing athletic games, examining competing
athletes by means of instruments, etc. He
slated to* me that if there was anything
! wrong with the heart it could be detected
: if an examination were made in time to
caution against violent exercise. Every
! athlete should be examined before com
j mencing to train, and if this were done
i there would be few or no cases of heart
■ disease resulting from great exertion.
But such cases are few and far between.
If a man begins at the bottom and trains
gradually to the highest pitch he is as safe
!as imperfect mortals can be. Do not train
i hard when too young or race much or hard
! before maturity. A>:ain, do not do any
i severe racing when not perfectly trained,
nor race hard on torrid days, especially in
the sun (this last advice not being in
tended for residents of San Francisco).
Racine is not sure to bring on heart dis
ease unless a person has already a weak
heart. You can safely contradict all such
; bold and sweeping assertions. If heart
trouble could be detected at the outset the
I man could be restrained, but there is dan
j ger in all young men promiscuously rush
ing into * racing untrained or without
I knowing they are sound or not.
Now tbe above advice is gleaned largely
from the authority whom I quoted. Again
let me say that he has made a study of the
I organic troubles of athletes, attending
race-meetings of amateurs and profes
sionals, six-day races and physical sports
of all kind, keenly watching all nervous,
muscular and organic phases that present
themselves and observing the effects dur
ing and after the contests.
Perhaps I cannot furnish a better ex
ample than to state that this physician
tirst attended me on being prostrated by
the sun during a. fearful race in Brooklyn,
N. Y. The doctor was called in and
treated me with morphine to stop the
eccentric beating of my heart while I lay
in a convulsion. But I recovered, although
some of my friends had grave doubts con
cerning my future health. A few days
later I called on the doctor and was ex
amined very carefully. He ended by de
claring me perfectly sound. He mentioned
a slight peculiarity of my heart, namely,
that every twelfth beat was a little stronger
than the others, but he did not consider it
a defect — more of a curiosity than any
thing else.
The next year I called again and was a
second time examined, the result being
identical with the first. Moreover, the
Do Not Do Any Severe Racing When Not Perfectly Trained.
doctor assured me that it was bis opinion
that the peculiarity of the heart just men
tioned had its origin in the brain, or rather
the nerve centers, and was practically
harmless.
Years passed by and they were years of
exciting races and severe training— in fact,
I do not hesitate to assert that no man
ever trained harder. Seven years had come
and gone and I desired to have another
examination made. This time a physician
kindly consented to accompany me to the i
running track. Just before stepping out ,
on the course he planted the stettioscope to |
my heart and discovered the same pecu- j
liirity of which Dr. Blaisdell spoke, '
and which I purposely refrained from '
mentioning. Then I stepped upon the
track and walked three miles against time.
On this occasion 1 purposely forced myself
to my utmost speed and finished the dis
tance as exhausted as possible under the
circumstances, immediately the doctor
clapped the instrument to my chest,
and after a moment's silence (during
which I was breathing hk^ a locomotive \
on a grade) he exclaimed. "Why, the
effort has steadied your heart." He ex
pressed himself as much surprised that
such was the case, but declared tbat the
pulsations were perfect. He still assured
me that my heart was hypertrophied, but
would not admit that it meant any more
than tbat a connecting nerve between the
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY 17, 1896.
heart and brain wi»s not exact in its func
tion. He further stated that this was
more a nervous than an organic defect.
As that was five years ago, and I can
climb the steepest hills with ease and
pleasure, it seems to me that I am a living
refutation of the theory that racing is sure
to produce heart disease, and no man has
been engaged in more punishing races.
Now let us consider a minute. Does it
seem likely that nature would create ns
of such fragile material that if a boy were
to run a mile for a doctor at break-neclc
speed because his mother was critically
ill he would drop dead of heart disease,
or linger for years and be found dead in
bed by his friends? Who ever heard of an
Indian warrior with heart disease, and yet
consider the dreadful races they are forced
to run at times, pursued by a numerous
and bloodthirsty enemy?
Racing when out of training is danger
ous. When out of condition the fat natu
rally accumulates, and some of this fat
finds its way in the heart and among the
valves. Now these valves are at once
powerful ana delicate, and if there is any
fat mixed up among them it might inter
fere with the circulation of the blood and
prevent them from doing their duty. A
man must use the judgment and will that
is given him ana refuse to compete when
out of condition. Realizinc the danger of
racing on an excessively hot day in the
East I refused to compete, at one time, in
a race that was won by my bitterest rival,
and I am sure I came in for a vigorous
charge of cowardice. But I had the satis
faction of doing That I thought was
right.
My recommendation to boy 9is to begin
work in the gymnasium at 14 or 15 years of
age. If there is any track exercise taken
before that time it should be light, and
severe racing or prolonged training studi
ously avoided. From 18 to 20 training
may be commenced, but exciting contests
should not be considered. The young
athlete must remember that he has not
hilly developed, that he has plenty of
time to make his mark in the world of
sport, that in no other sense is the phrase,
"Haste makes waste," more applicable.
Previous to 20 years the frame is imma
ture and not tit to endure severe strains.
Until that time exercise should be pur
sued more for the pleasure, health and ei
perie ncethan to achieve success in com
petition. Let him continue until this age
and he will be able to stand almost any
strain he may impose upon himself. He
will rind that he can go only just so far,
and when he attempts to push himself be
yond that he simply cannot do it; he feels
tired out, exhausted, but that is all.
George D. Baird.
HOW SHE BECAME "OUR MARY."
The Famous \. i n-» Keceived the Ap
pellation in Providence.
John R. Rogers, who is the manager of
"The Strange Adventures of "Miss Brown,"
was in charge of the advance business ar
rangements for Mary Anderson, when
that fan ous actress was unknown.
"I notice," he said to a New York
Times reporter, "that in her book of mem
ories Miss Anderson does not tell one
thing that was important in her career
and that brought her so closely into the
sympathies and favor of the public ef this
country. She does not tell how she came
to be known as 'Our Mary.'
"As every one knows, when Mary An
derson first went on the state, while the
press praised her and the public admired
her, the receipts at her performances were
very small— as a general thing, paper was
greater than money.
"I was engaged by the late John W. Nor
ton to travel in advance and to make all
preliminary business arrangements. We
had a hard time of it, playing across the
country. When 1 reached" Providence, R.
1 ., there was so little money in the treasury
that it meant success right then and there
or a complete smash-up.
"This fact forced me to resort to action
suggestive of nothing so much as that of
the drowning man grasping at a straw.
Therewere few things I didn't do. I called
on the editors of the newspapers, appealed
to their generosity, and succeeded in every
case but one in securing excellent articles
booming the coming performance.
"Otis R. Pickett, then managing editor
of the Morning Herald, which has been
defunct these many years, was noted for
refusing to publish anything about any
stage person whom he had not seen. If
the press of the world said an actor was
good, it made not the slightest difference
to Pickett. I had heard of this trait of
his, and so when I called I was not snr
pnsed to be informed curtly that it was
useless for me to ask for preliminary
notices.
"I told him I did not seek advertising,
put had called for the purpose of prevent
ing him from printing a story about my
star. He asked for an explanation.
" ' There is a story going around among
gossips and scandal-mongers.' I said, ' to
ttie effect that Miss Anderson's family is
in financial distress and that she has come
to the rescue. I ask you as a favor, if any
person in Providence starts the story
around here that "Our Mary" is on the
stage play-acting to support her widowed
mother, sisters and brothers, that you
will promise me to keep it out of print, as
"Our Mary" appears at the . opera-house
next Monday night in a play entitled
"Ingomar." '
"I left, purposely not waiting for an
answer. To the surprise of everybody who
knew the policy of the Herald the whole
history of Miss Anderson and her family
was published in the paper the next morn
ing. Private matters were set forth at
length, and the paper spoke of the star as
'Our Mary,' just as I had done to the ed
itor the day before.
"It look the editor many months to
square himself with various of his breth
ren throughout the country, and with each
article of comment the words 'Our Mary'
were used in connection with Miss Ander
son. They have been her appellation ever
since, both in Europe and America.
; "We took in $5117 in our week in Provi
dence. That was the first time Miss Ander
son, as an actress, ever , made money.
From that time to , the end of her stage
career she never had a losing week."
■ « ♦ . .
_ Washington Irving's "History of New
York" was published , under the name of
"Diednch ; Knickerbocker." For years
many persons supposed that this was the
real name of the author, and even now
this mistake is occasionally made by per
sons in inquiring for the book.
NEW STAMPS OF THE
GRECIAN KINGDOM
A Special Set Issued to Mark the
Revival of the Olympian
Games.
ART AND HISTORY DEPICTED.
There Is Likely to Be an Unusual
Demand for Them on the Part
of Collectors.
revival of th(T
Olympic games Greece has issued a set of
postage-stamps that will vie in popularity
with the famous Columbian issue of the
United States.
It consists of twelve values from 1 lep
ton to 10 drachmas and embodies eight dis
tinct designs. The latter are more than
usually attractive and very .irtistic, dis
playing ancient historic and artistic scenes
and objects.
The 1-lepton and 2-lepta denominations
have Corinthian columns at the sides and
a central design showing two ancient
wrestlers.
The 5 and 10 lepta have lonic columns,
and in the center a reproduction of My
ron's famous statue, "Discobolus" (quoit
or discus thrower).
The 20 and 40 lepta are larsrer and are
twice as high as they are wide. These
show an antique Greek vase standing in a
niche of mosaic, with Corinthian columns
at the »"des and an elaborately decorated
arch above.
The 25 and GO lepta are the same size as
the last two mentioned, but the design is
placed horizontally and shows in the
center a quadriga or four-horse chariot.
The 1 drachma has m the foreground a
reconstruction of the stadium or race
course in which the ancient Olympian
games were held, and in the background a
distant view of the Acropolis as it is
to-day.
The 2 and 5 drachmas both show famous
statues in niches of mosaic. The former
portrays the Hermes or Mercury of Praxi
teles, with lonic columns at the sides, and
the latter represents the Nike or Victory
of Pseonius, with Corinthian columns.
The 10 drachmas, the highest value of
the series (equal to $2 in the money of the
United States) has another view of the
Acropolis, with female figures at the sides
supporting the arch.
When these stamps were first announced
to the philatelic public it was the im
pression that they were to be available for
postage for a brief period only, and the
antagonism of the Society for the Sup
pression of Speculative Stamps was aroused
against them, and they were placed on
the black list of that organization. It is
now stated, however, that they will take
the place o* the current issue, and will
remain in use for an indefinite time, thus
virtually becoming a regular issue, and
one that cannot be consistently ignored
by stamp collectors. This means much to
Greece in the shape of revenue, as their
coming under the category of legitimate
issues will add largely to the demand for
them.
In view of the deep interest taken in
the Olympian games by Americans, and
the victories won there by the athletes of
this country, these labels will have a
peculiar attraction for the collectors of
the United States. Considering the fact
that the sale of the United States Colum
bian stamps to collectors reached the enor
mous amount of more than $1,000,000, it is
likely that the Greek Government will
reap'a good profit from the sale of this
series.
The colors of these stamps in the order
of their value are &s follows: Ocher. rose,
lilac, slate, violet-brown, red, violet, black,
blue, bister, creen, brown.
A COUNTRY TANK
Between steep banks It winds along.
O'erhung with leafy hawthorn trees.
From which In spring the 1 thrush's song
Floats softly on the soft south breeze.
There is the earliest primrose found
And modest purple violets grow
And trembling wind-flowers star the ground
And humble ragged robins blow.
There, too. on golden summer eves.
The old folks like to stroll and tulle,
Or slowly, under whispering leaves,
The self-absorbed young lovers walk,
While, fresh as youthful hopes, unfurl
New growths about their lingering feet
And tender fronds of fern uncurl
And all the balmy air Is sweet. -V;. '
With minified scents of thyme and music
And wilding-roses, passion pale, -^
As trembles through (he dewy dusk:
The music of th' nightingale.
And, stealing from some hidden nook,
Adown the lane and o'er the lea.
By pleasant ways, a silver brook ,
Kuns singing to the silver sea.
E. Mathkson. in Chambers' Journal.
RESTRAINT ON THE VETO POWER
Why the President Sanctions Legislation
That He Disapproves Of.
Ex-President Harrison writes of the veto
and treaty making powers of the President
in May Ladies' Home Journal — "This
Country of Ours" series of articles. He
discusses the "pocket veto," and aays
concerning the restraints against the
exercise of the veto power that are
imposed upon the President: "* * *
There is another practice in legislation that
greatly restrains the freedom of the Presi
dent in using the veto power. What are
called riders are often placed in general
appropriation bills— that is, legislation of
a general character having nothing to do
with appropriations is put into an ap
propriation bill. This is equivalent to
saying to the President, 'Give your ap
proval to this general leeisiation or go
without the- appropriations necessary to
carry on the Government.' • • •
"There are other practical restraints
upon the freedom of the President in the
exercise of the veto power. Very many
laws contain more than one proposition —
some a number of such— and the Presi
dent must deal with them as thus asso
ciated. In each of the great appropriation
bills many hundreds of distinct appropria
tions are made. Some of these the Presi
dent may think to be wrong, either as a
matter of policy or of constitutional
power: but he cannot single these out; he
must take the bill as a whole. It has been
much contended that the veto was given to
enable the President to defend himself
against legislative attempts to encroach
upon his constitutional powers, or those
of the judiciary, and that he should ex
ercise it only where he finds constitu
tional objections to a bill. But the power
is not so limited, and from the beginning
has been exercised upon the ground of
the inexpediency or unwisdom of the
legislation proposed, as well as upon
constitutional grounds. Ido not suppose
that any President has ever dealt with the
bills submitted for his approval upon the
principle that he should apnroveonly such
as he would have voted for if he had been
a member of Congress. Much deference is
due to the Congress, and vetoes have cus
tomarily been used only when the fault
in the proposed legislation was serious in
itself or as a precedent."
FOUND HIS DOLLAR-BUTTON
It Mai a Needle and It Had Traveled
Three Feet Under His Skin.
Edward A. Cummings is 51 years of age,
healthy and robust, and by occupation a
stationary engineer. On the morning of
June last Mr. Cummings overslept him
self, and upon getting up noticed that he
had but a few minutes in which to get to
work. To make matters worse he dis
covered that the rear collar-button on his
shirt was gnne. He looked around and
ended a common sewing-needle, the eye
of which he had broken off in sewing on a
button a few days previous. With this
eyeless needle the shirt-ends were pulled
together, the needle doing duty as a
button.
The needle stayed in position all right
until evening without attracting attention.
In the evening, as he was about to go to
bed, Cummings reached behind his head
to remove the needle from the shirt and
was surprised to find that it was gone.
He looked carefully in the bed for it,
shook out his clothing and looked on the
floor for fear of stepping on it. He was
unable to find the needle tbat night or in
the morning.
Two days later, Mr. Cummings says, he
THE NEW GREEK STAMPS.
began to feel excruciating pains in the
right shoulder and down the right side.
These pains were so severe that on July
15, 1895, he was obliged to quit work and
consulted with Dr. Myron E. Carmer, who,
thinking that rheumatism was to blame,
prescribed the liniments and mustard plas
ters, both of which were used with good
effects; and at the end of a week Mr. Cum
mings went to worit again.
As soon as he went to work the pains
began bothering him again and seemed to
keep moving down the right side, lower
each nay. It was with great difficulty
that Mr. Cumniings was able to ke p his
position until March "28, when he resigned,
giving as a reason that he must leave the
plare, as it was damp. April 1 Mr. Cum
mings was seized with sharp pains below
the right hip, which bothered him so
much that he began an investigation,
which revealed a little bunch about the
size of a pea. The spot was very much
inflamed and applications of liniment did
not allay the pain.
At last Mr. Cummings went to Dr. M. A.
Yeeder's office and submitted to an ex
amination. After asking a number of
questions and examining the inflamed
spot. Dr. Veeder prescribed some lini
ment and hazarded the opinion that a car
buncle might be forming. The sick man
managed to walk home and got to his
room on the third story of the Republican
block, when he was seized with pain more
intense than ever before. It seemed as if his
clothing was irritating something and was
driving it into the flesh. Upon removing
his clothing Mr. Cummings discovered
the red spot and something protruding a
short distance which looked black. He
grabbed hold of the bluck object and was
surprised to pull out the headless needle,
which was discolored but not rusty. The
next morning Mr. Cummings visited Dr.
Yeeder's office and showed him the needle,
at the same time recalling the instance
when he had used the needle to do duty in
place of a button. — Rochester Democrat
and Chronicle.
CURIOUS MODE OF SHAVING.
Friendly Inland N;itiv«"» Use Shark's
Teeth Fastened in a Stick.
In an account of Captain Cook's last
voyage to the Pacific Ocean, in the New
London Magazine for September, 1785, is
recorded a very curious method of shaving
adopted by the inhabitants of the Friendly
Islands. While Captain Cook (says the
writer) was at Hapaee he observed a
woman shaving a child's head with a
shark's tooth stuck into the end of a piece
of stick. She first wet the hair with a rag
dipped in water, applying the instrument
to that part which she had previously
soaked. The operation seemed to give no
pain to the child, although the hair was
taken off as close as if one of our razors
had been employed. Captain Cook tried
one of these singular instruments upon
himself and found it to be an excellent
succedaneurn.
But the men have another contrivance
when they shave their beards. They take
two shells, one of which they place under
a small part of the beard, and with the
other, applied above, they scrape that part
off. In this manner they are able to shave
very close. The process is rather tedious,
but not painful, and there were men
among them who seemed to profess this
trade. It was as common to see the sailors
go ashore to have their beards scraped off.
after the fashion of Hapaee, as it was to
see their chiefs come on board to be shaved
by our barbers.
BICYCLE RIDES FOR BIRDS
One Woman* Way of Giving » Health.
ful Airing to Her Canary.
"No better way to give a pet canary bird
an airing has been devised," said a woman
down at Coney Island the other day when
several other women gathered around her
wheel to look at a handsome little yellow
bird in a small cage resting like a package
on the handle bars. "The poor little
dearie wasn't getting his share of atten
tion, when I happened to think of putting
it on my wheel. It was a dreadfully
frightened bird at first, but I only took it
a couple of blocks and back again. Next
time I took it further, and now you see
how sprightly he Ipoks. It's only" when I
tumble now that ft get's at all scared. I
ride over fifty miles with him some days,
and sometimes he sings if the road is
smooth, and he always answers the little
chirps of birds along the way. He's lot's
of company, too."— New York Sun.
COLONY COMPOSED
OF VETERANS
Thousands of Grand Army Men
Gathered Together Down
in Georgia.
IT IS A UNIQUE ENTERPRISE.
A Thriving Town Growing Up in the
Southern Part of the
State.
The colony city, Fitzgerald. Ga., organ
ized by veterans of the Grand Army of the
Republic, which has been growing like
magic during the pnst six months, con
tinues to occupy a peculiar place in public
interest, says the New York Herald. Six
months ago the tract it now occupies down
in Southern Georgia, half in Wilcox and
half in lrwin County, was a wilderness of
pine trees. To-day 6000 persons are there,
and the indications are that before the
year is done the census will show over ten
thousand enrolled citizens.
Colonies of sudden growth and cities of
quick development have not been infre
quent in the mining regions of the West,
but Fitzgerald stands in many respects
quite without a parallel, and the move
ment which has led to its founding points
to a possible industrial revolution in the
South and calls for a new understanding
and partnership between the South, North
and West. The Fitzgerald colony is like-
wise significant from the fact that a? the
colonists are mostly veterans of the Fed
eral army, $.50,000 "per month of pension
money wili, it is reckoned, be put in cir
culation through the South instead of
through the North and West as formerly.
The colony and city of Fitzgerald were
founded by P. H. Fitzgerald of Indianaj>o
lis, a pension attorney, who, through his
connection with the veterans of the North
west, was led to believe that it wouM be
greatly to the interest of many could they
locate in some well-conditioned Southern
section, away from the rigors of sever*
climate, where they could follow agri
cultural pursuits and live comfortably on
their pension incomes. In August, 1894,
hf. presented the subject for the consider
ation of the veterans at an annual meeting
of their society. His plan met witn their
immediate approval, and in March, 1896,
Mr. Fitzgerald, accompanied by H. P.
Manger of Michigan, Captain D. C. Walsh
Captain P. H. Fitzgerald. Founder of the Unique Colony in Georgia.
[From a photograph.]
of McPherson, Kans., Peter Dinger of
Gilman, 111., H. C. Miller of Btanton,
Nebr., Dr. J. M. Deniston of Lapaz, Ind.,
and H. H. Wenans of Michigan, visited
Georgia for the purpose of examining
lands offered them through William J.
Nortnen, twice Governor of Georgia, at
the low rate of $3 50 an acre. Although
Texas was holding out the inducement of
land at only 60 cents an acre, Mr, Fitz
gerald and his committee decided to locate
upon the Georgia tract without further
delay. By the middle of October the busi
ness arrangements had been completed,
and the survey of the land was well under
way. By November 1 it was completed
and the assignment of city lots, business
sites and farming tracts followed with a
rush.
The city of Fitzgerald and the farming
lands that compose the colony section are
comprised within 118,000 acres, and are lo
cated 117 miles south of Macon, Ga., in the
midst of the great agricultural and fruit
region. They are available for almost any
crop, whether of wheat, corn, oats, rye,
rice, millet, cotton, sugarcane, potatoes
or general truck, whiie such fruits as
peaches, pears, apricots, prunes, figs and
apples are indigenous. As to timber, the
colony section comprises vast fields of
long-leaf pine, as good as can be found in
the country. The average winter temper
ature for the last ten years has been 50
(leg., ana the summer temperature during
the same time has averaged only 80 deg.
The city of Fitzgerald is located in Irwin
County, and has the advantage of com
petitive freight rates both by land and
water, which place it within easy com
munication with the great markets of the
United States. A month ago two railroads
were under construction, but had not
reached the city. The latest news is that
there are now two railroads at Fitzgerald
and others under construction. The
Tilton and Northeastern Railroad reached
the colony last Saturday and will be caj
ried into the union station in a few days.
The Georgia and Alabama has been in
Fitzgerald almost a mon'h, and has eight
parallel tracks in its yards with 147 loaded
boxcars ahead of the freight agents. The
Plant system is trying to arrange with the
Waycross Air Line to build from Fitzger
ald to Cordele, which, if successful, will
g've this city five important roads, to
gether with the Waycross Air Line and
Empire. The city is only six miles from
the Ocmulgee River, and a canal is under
contract, which when completed will give
the colonists a waterway to the Atlantic.
On October 14 the first human habita
tion was begun in Fitzgerald. To-day the
city presents a vastly different appear
ance. It is laid out in excellent style, and
has four business streets that contain a
great variety of shops, which are furnish
ing the colonists witb all necessary sup
plies. The residence portion shows many
I well-built structures, and hundreds of
| humble homes will sooner or later be re
j placed by more comfortable dwellings.
j There are sawmills, brickyards, tour
churches, a town hail, four "blacksmith
shoos, a public school and a Masonic lodge.
Alain street is the principal business
I thoroughfare of Fitzgerald. The streets
| to the west of Main are called after Con
federate erenerals — Lee, Jackson, Long
street, Gordon, liragi? and Hill; those on
the west side after Federal commanders —
Grant, Sherman, Sheridan, Thomas and
Logan — which certainly goes to prove that
the colonists are not cherishing sectional
animosities. Another interesting fact is
that the colony lands include the historic
spot upon which JelTerson Davis was cap
tured by Wilson's cavalry in 1865.
The old veterans are well pleased with
the prospects before them, and their rank
and tile has been increased by the coming
of many who are not Grand Army of the
Republic men, but who, like themselves,
are seeking a comfortable home. These
persons are for the most part hale and
hearty farmers, used to earnest work
against far more difficult conditions than
will confront them in Georgia. They be
long to the sensible, industrious class that
has made the West the prosperous, power
ful country it is to-day, and are but little
accustomed to failure.
Such are the facts of the Fitzgerald colony
as it stands to-day. There seems to be
no reason why the enterprise should not
succeed.
FUSSY WILLOW.
I know what the fairies do with their muffs
When the winter's spent,
Ami the warm south wind with its coaxing puff*
Mates the ice relent.
They go where the pussy willow stirs
in th" wind, all bare;
And. just as your mother does with her furt,
li.in_- them out t>> air.
Lydia a. jlasbrocck, in Independent.
MILK JARS.
The Origiii of a Package that Is Now
In Common Use.
Milk jars, or bottles, now so commoniy
used, were introduced about fifteen years
ago. A gentleman farmer of Litchfield,
Conn., a man of wealth, who owned
blooded cows, finding, with the increase of
his stock, his milk supply growing beyond
his own needs, decided to sell the surplus.
j He desired to put up this milk in some
j distinctive form, and he came to New
; York to the headquarters here of a gla33
: worxs, and asked to have got up for him
i some kind of a glass package that would
| be suitable for the purpose and convenient
for shipping. A jar was produced that
was substantially similar in form to the
i one now in use. The first jars were pro
vided with glass stoppers; these were
found to break too easily, and a metal
stopper was soon substituted.
This form of package for milk at once
became popular. The owner of the farm
for which the milk jar was first made
I turned his farm over to a stock company,
which increased its production greatly. It
j still remains a large establishment* and
j one whose dairy products are well known.
Many other milk producers adopted the
i milk jar, and its general use extended
! rapidly. Probably at least 75 per cent of
the milk for family use is delivered now in
bottles. There are millions of bottles in
constant use, and the number produced
annually to make good the breakage and
to supply the increasing demand is about
20,000 gross.— New York Sun.
The annual report of the Labor Com
missioner of Ohio declares tbat State to
be the greatest clay-working State in the
I Union, Illinois. Pennsylvania, New York,
I New Jersey and Indiana coming next in
i the order named.
NEW TO-DAT.
FQ J Fromr.S.JournaTof MtSMn*
m \]a 'JL- ■•— Prof. "W. H. Peeke, who
V ■I Wi £^% makes a specialty o£
H -A ■ m t ' Epilepsy, has without
8 \ a a■ m. doubt treated and cur-
■ m M ed more cases than any
JS ■ H . living Physician his
&- M i k. 1 success is astonishing.
JB± JBBL WW^ we have heard of cases
_- ■ of 20 years' standing
cured b/
*i » mli , large bot-
tle of his absolute cure, free to any sufferers
who may send their P. O. and Express address. .
■£■£♦ Vl 4 e any one wishing a cure to address
«rof .W. H. PEEKE. F. A Cedar St., Hew Tor*-HOW MARK TWAIN
MISSED BECOMING
A POCKET MINER
f^TT"^ HE American public little know
• how near they came to losing Mark
I Twain, their greatest humorist,
JA. by his becoming a pocket-miner,
and if it had not been for a heavy
rain the probabilities are that Twain would
to-day be still panning out on Jackass
Hill. It was close r>y this famous mining
camp that the humorist got his jumping
frog story, which brought him promi
nently before the public as a writer. As the
incidents leading up to his celebrity as a
writer are extremely humorous in them
selves, and as they have never been writ
ten, I will take this occasion to set them
before the public.
Mark had been reporting on the San
Francisco Call, and becoming tired of
newspaper work he tnought he would try
the mines. Accordingly he dropped into
Jackass Hill, Tuolun.ne County, and got
acquainted with Jim Gillis, then as well as
now a leading miner. He found Gillis a
kindred spirit, and the two formed a
partnership. Gillis, who is noted as a
raconteur, never tires of telling how funny
Twain was.
He says the bnmorut was nevermore
funny than when angry. "After I had in-
Btructed Mark in the mysteries of pocket
mir.in^,' Bayi Mr. Gillis, "we went into
partnership in a claim on what is bow
known as Thompsons Hill. One cold
winter morning, when gold, grub and
everything else had run very snort, we
went to work. I had du^ out two pans of
dirt and got a very good prospect when a
heavy rain came on. To this was added a
c 0 ..1 north wind. One can never appre
ciate how cold it is panning out on a
morning like that unless he has had the
actual experience. Twain stood by squeal
ing like a stuck pig about the cold
weather. "Oh, come, Jim, let's go home;
then 's nothmc in tbe ground any
how.' I had just dug another pan of dirt
and had started to wa>h it when he began
to bellow again, and this time I threw the
dirt out on the side of the hiil and started
for home with him.
"It continued to rain for four days, and
we did not go back to the claim, taking a
to Angels Camp shortly after. At
that time a mining location was only good
for one month if it was not worked. The
pan of dirt that I threw on the hillside
was wa-hel out by the rain, and it con
tained five ounces of gold. Two Austrians
came along that way, saw it and waited a
month for our notice to run out, relocated
it and took out $10,000 in tt\ 0 days. Thus
you will see how near Mark came to pet
ii:ig a pocket and becoming a pocket-miner.
"Shortly after this we started from Mur
phy s Camp for Angela An hour after we
started it became very dark and began to
rain in torrents. We had only gone a
short way when we discovered we were on
the wrong road by running into a pile of
1 rn>ii. We retraced our steps to tbe road
we had left and there discovered two roads.
"As there were a good many brush roads
in that country at the time, we agreed to
separate, each taking a different road, and
i^Miunasone discovered his to be the
main road he was to notify the other by
hollering. In a short time I heard
Twain's voice calling me. I went back
and took bis road. When I got up to
where he was he was seated on a fence,
Burrounded by a lot ot dog--, barking and
snapping at him. Mark Bad accidentally
found an Italian vegetable garden. The
men of the ranch followed their dogs out,
but as none oi them could speak English
it did not benefit us uny. I actually think
they took us for robbers. When I asked
Twain to come on to the other road he
would not stir, but sat there and cursed
the United States Government for allow
ing anybody to come here who could not
talk the English language. Although be
sat there in a heavy rain, howling like a
oyote against the G yernment, foreigners
and everything pertaining to foreigners, I
throughly enjoyed it and even forgot the
rain. We finally found the road and got
to Angels a little before 12 o'clock, but all
efforts to divert Twain's mind from any
thing else but the Government and those
nun Enyli&h-speaKiUK' Italians were futile.
"We were nicely tucked in a warm bed
in Augels but a short time when the fire
belis bet, r an to riii;,' for New Year's day.
'Now, Bam. 1 I said, 'let's exchange keep
sakes.' 'Well, all I've got is a button,' he
said. He handed me the button ant I
gave him a dime. Many years after I re
ceived v letter from him stating that he
itill retained my keepsake; but I always
.i-ion that it went over the bar
the next morning. It was here Clemens
p>t hi< jumping-frog story, and it actually
occurred. It was in the leading hotel
there that a frog-jumping match was ar
ranged, while one of the participants
loaded his opponent's frog with shot.
"We had au eccentric character on the
hill named Jack Joyce. Jack's eccen
tricity lrequeutly crossed the border line
and finally resulted in positive insanity;
but he was regarded kindly by the litue
community of pocket-miners, and his
many escapades were only laughed at, no
one thinking that possibly he might be a
dangerous character. Jack was a firm be
liever in witches and spirits and the occult
knowledge of birds and animals, and a
hater of every man whom he thought pos
sessed more intelligence than nimself;
and one of his stereotyped remarks, made
in all earnestness, was that such and buch
a man was 'too smart to live.' Jack had a
thorough contempt for the recognized
mode of searching for pockets and placed
his dependence on the cuidance of spirits
and jaybirds and Jacobs (a little black
woodpecker who gets his name from his
peculiar cry of ' Jacob! Jacob!').
"One day Jactt notified one of his friends,
iJick Stoker, that he had received a com
bined pointer from a Jaybird and a Jacob,
and was s-ure of striking a handsome
pocket of gold. 80 he shouldered his
pick, pan and shovel and started for his
hidden treasure. An hour or two later
Jack was observed stirring up a panful of
earth and quartz in the large 'panhole'
which was the common property of the
miners on the hill. Shortly he was heard
to give a whoop and to sing oat with the
whole streugth of his lungs, 'Struck it!'
And he had, for in the bottom of his pros
pecting-pan lav three or four ounces of
shilling gold. He deposited his find in an
empty oybter-can and rushed back to his
diggings ior another pan of dirt.
"In tbe panhole a li (tie spring frog had
made his home, and as he was a very
reticent frog and a frog that minded his
own business and never interfered with
that of others he was never disturbed by
the miners, but was allowed to enjoy his
little life in peace and comfort.
"When Jack got back with his second
pan of dirt the frog was sitting on the op
posite side of tbe water-holt^ panting in
the warm sun. As Jack stooped to put his
\ an in the hole the frog, contrary to his
Usual custom of keeping his mouth shut
and attending to his own busine.-s, ejacu
lated in a loud, tsqneakv tone, 'Struck
it! struck it!" Jack looked up with great
surprise at the olhcious remaik of the froa
and contemptuously observed, 'Oh, yes,
.struck it! You are just like the balance
of the smarti-s on the Hill. You are
very wise after the event. You saw by my
first pan that I nad struck it, und now you
want to play yourself off for a prophet.'
Then Jack proceeded to finish his pan. |
As he washed the dirt lower aud lower, '
every once in a while whirling the water
round and round in his pan. an astonished
expression settled on bis face. He panned
the dirt down very line, and did not even
find a 'color.' He sat on the side of the
panhole for a short time, apparently lost
in profound meditation, and then looking
across at the frog sternly, remarked,
'You green-coated, white-bellied cuss,
if you ever interfere in my business again
I will kill you.' Jack then picked up a
rock and hurled it at the frog, who avoided
the deadly missile by divinir to the bottom
of the hole. Jack started for another pan
and when he got back the frog wns not in
sight. Jack set to work panning again
and was rewarded by finding two ounces
of gold in the pan. He then departed for
the mine in a more cheerful frame of mind
after carefully looking to see that the frog
was not in sight.
"Dick Stoker happened along and in
quired why Jack was ruining the panhole.
Jack then related the outrageous conduct
of the frog and seriously accused Dick and
the other miners of meanly, through
jealousy and envy, inciting that froe to
bewitching the gold out of his nan. Dick
could not mollify him, and Jack state<l
that he would not only kill the frog, but
all the frog's friends. Stoker told the af
fair as a good joke to the boys, but it did
not seem so funny when a day or two later
Jack made a murderous attempt on the
lives of two of his brother miner? by hurl
ing big rocks down on them at the "bottom
of a shaft. This opened the eyes of the
men as to his dangerous condition of
mind, and they had him arrested and
taken to Sonora, whence he was con
signed to the insane asylum at Stockton.
"Jack, on his examination, admitted
* There I saw Mark seated on a fence and a lot of dogs barking and snarling at him."
that he had made up his mind ?ome
weeks previously to kill all the miners on
the Hill with one exception as opportun
ity offered, and that the incident of the
frog had merely precipitated matters.
When questioned as to tbe exception he
said :
"'At first I made up my mind to kill
'em all, but after getting hotter acquainted
with that Sam Clemens 1 found out be
was such a fool that he was not worth
killing.'" J. J. McDaid.
LIVES IN A
CHICKEN-COOP
The Very Queer Habitation
That Charley George Calls
His Home,
The home of Charley George, on Broad
way, near Dupont street, is not a large
one. Neither is it very clean or well
lighted. The other inmates are not snch
as most people would deeire, and they oc
casionally make a good deal of noise. To
tell the truth Charley lives in a chicken
coop.
It is near the end of the alley that runs
Charley Always Eats Surrounded by
His Flock.
[From a ektlc?i]
back from 612 Broadway, and crowded un
der one of the oldest buildings there. A
more undesirable place of residence would
be hard to find. And yet Charley says he
is comfortably fixed and would be ssorry to
be turned out.
Tne chicKen-coop does not belong to
Cbarley, nor do the chickens, but in con
sideration for taking care of them he is
allowed to sleep in tbe same place they
do. aud is also given a certain quantity of
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY 17, 1896.
cold victuals. This is satisfactory to
Charley, and he devotes his whole time to
his flock.
There is only one way to get into Char
ley's place, and that is not very big. The
door is under a porcn, and in "front of it
are a number of boxes that Charley uses
for tables. The inside of the coop is not
more than five feet high and seven feet
equare. In one corner there is a pile of
straw and rags ti.at nerves Charley for a
bed, and the rest of the place is filled with
roosts. It is here that he spends most of
his time looking after the chickens. There
is quite a flock, and Charley feeds them
and attends to the setting bens and young
chicks. He has not much to do, and
spends the rest of his time sleeping in the
corner.
Charley has had his job for over a year,
and is proud of the fact that he has never
lost a single fowl. They are all very tame,
and will rly on the bench while he is at his
meals. If one ventures many feet away
from the door lie has only to whistle to
bring it back. As for stealing one at
nitfht, that would be absolutely impossi
ble, for Charley would be wide "awake at
the first bound.
» ♦ — •
TALE OF TEE ANIMATED JUG.
Told by Captain O'Haver, the Prince of
Wales of the Memphis Police Force.
"Several years ago," the captain began,
"Bill Pryde and I bad to go to Little Rock
to appear as witnesses in a burglary trail.
One niiJe this side of tbe town of Carlisle,
Ark., thero was a freight wreck. The cars
were torn up and the track was twisted.
There were very poor facilities for clearing
the track, and Bill and I saw it sticking
out plain that we would have to stay there
in the woods all day if we waited for the
track to be cleared. We might have stood
it all right, but we couldn't get anything
to drink. So we inquired hew far it was
to the next town. We were delighted to
find that Carlisle was only a mile farther.
That was just like having drinks sent up
to your room, and Pryde and I struck out
down the track for the town.
"We walked down tbe main street and
then up and down all the others, and
never a place did we see where a man
could get a drink. Finally we inquir. d of
a cititen if there was a drop of liquor sold
in the town. The man looked uneasy and
said : 'Not since the local option law went
into effect.' Then we tumbled. After
wulkitiK a mi le we had struck a dry town.
linr<- wa-11't even any icewater. Pryde
and I were both accustomed to looking
for blin'l places, but try as hard as we
could we couldn't find any hole that looked
like a 'ti^er.' Our mouths were as dry as I
bones. The day after lical option carried !
in Carlisle the town well went dry out of
sympathy. We were in despair wiieu we
met a friend. He opened our eyes by tell
ing us tf.al we had been recognized. The j
story had immediately gone around the |
town that some Memphis policemen bad j
been hired to come to Carlisle and run out 1
the blind tigers. Ten minutes after we
struck the town every blind tiger in the
place was closed as tight as our fist,
and the proprietors had all left the
country. Our friend said that while we
were tappine on doors and looking into
stairways some of the good citizens of tbe
town wero quaking in their shoes. How
ever, he told us that he would put us on
to something. He directed us to a little
frame house in an isolated part of the
town, and told us if we would work the
thing right we could get a drink there; in
fact several of them.
"We joyously started for the little house
and bolted in. There was only one room
so far as wn could see. In tne center wan
a table. On the table was a jug, a bowl of
sugar, a pitcher of water and several
glasses. Pryde and 1 walked right up and
were just going to pour out a few fingers
when right before our eyes that jug be
gan to soar aloft. 'Grab it!' I hollered to
Pryde, but it was too late. From the way
the juj? hung in the air, I thought it must
have a string tied to the handle. In a sec
ond it waß outof sight."
"Well," put in tbe reporter, "the pitcher
of water was still there, wasn't it?"
The captain only indulged in a pained
look and continued: "Bill and 1 wanted a
drink worse than ever then, for we had
emelt it and almost tasted it. We were
almost will when Bill was struck by a
happy thought. 'Blow your breath,
George, blow your breath !'*he exclaimed
excitedly. I found a quarter in my clothes
and laid it on the table. You may not be
lieve it, but the jug came back as'if it had
dropped from the ceiling. This time I dis
tinctly saw the string tied to the handle.
We poured out our stuff and were so
thirsty that we did not notice half how
bad it was. The rest of the story is short.
Every time we wanted some more we laid
down a quarter and hit the jug. After a
while we thought we and the jug were
good friends, and Pryde suggested that we
try and see if we couldn't work it without
putting up a quarter, just for the fim of the
thing. We voted down that scheme, bow
ever, for we were afraid the jug might get
mad next time and not come back. Well,
when we left we had few r quarters ana
the jug wasn't nearly so hard to lift by tne
strintr as it was when we came in." — Mem
phis Commercial Appeal.
Misunderstood.
"Would you litce to take a chance?"
asked the timid, rosy-cheeked maiden of
the stranser at the church fair.
"Would I?" exclaimed the stranger ra
diantly. "Well, I should say I would,
but — " his voice fel! to whisper and the
eager light in his eyes died to a faraway,
sad expression, "I am already married."—
Washington Times.
INDIANA POLITICS
AND POLITICIANS.
A State Where the Women Are
as Bitter Partisans as
the Men.
GOVEBNOR MATTHEWS' BOOM.
A Hoosier Staiesman Who Has the
President al Bee in His
Bonnet.
The esoteric meaning, as a certain cult
would say, of Governor Claude Matthews'
candidacy for the Democratic nomination
for President is that Indiana intends to
have a good deal to say in the Chicago
convention. Matthews is a man of con
siderable ability and his ambition in the
direction of political preferment reaches
to two if not three terms in the White
House. But be is too good a politician to
play a losing game. That is to say, if he
finds that a rival candidate Is pretty sure
of the nomination he would abanaon his
own place in the race and work like a
beaver for tbe other fellow, but the price
of the Indiana delegat.on and his other
following would be nothing less than a
niortga.e upon the Federal patronage in
bis State. The chief end of man, accord
ing to the Indiana Democracy's catechism,
is to hold public office, with a "pull" as
the next best thins.
The good fortune happened to me sev
eral years ago, during the Blame-Clevel
and campaign, to be assigned to Indiana
as staff correspondent of a metropolitan
daily. It was not by any means my first
experience in that kind of work, but I am
free to say one will know more about prac
tical politics after spending a month in
Indiana durine a Presidential campaign
than he would learn in any other State
"doing" a half dozen campaigns. What
at hr.»t surprised me most was the intense
and bitter partisanship of the women of
all parties. I went to a little city in the
northern part of the State one day to
report a grand rally of Republicans.
Calkin?, candidate for Governor, General
Harrison, Governor Porter and a Host of
other distinguished speakers were adver
tised to be on hand, which they were not,
but the announcement served to draw an
CLAUDE MATTHEWS, GOVERNOR OF INDIANA.
immense crowd. By evening excitement
was at a high pitch, and the lighting con
tingent of both partice was waiting impa
tiently for the ball to open.
About this time a torchlight procession,
headed by the Blame Club of the county,
turned the corner into the main street to
be reviewed by the bosses. Near me stood
a woman of fine appearance and well
dressed. Like a flash she dartea into the
street, jerked the torch from the hand of
one of the "club," a youth, and pounded
him unmercifully with the pole of his
torch. The fellow ran to the sidewalk,
evidently to escape from the enraged
woman. I was interested, of course, lor 1
had no doubt that the woman had taken
advantage of the occasion to get even with
him for reasons not at all political. I ran
a great big "buster nead" racy item in the
incident, but the woman disabused my
mind of there being a "racy item" when
she yelled loud enough to be heard a mile:
"The ungrateful wretch! To think that
a son of mine would disgrace me by
parading the streets with a Black Repub
lican club. I would thrash him if he
weie as big as a mountain."
A few days after this little affair I went
down to Shelbyville to report a Democratic
barbecue. It was advertised to be the
"biggest thing" ot the campaign — and it
was. P'ully 20.000 of the unterritied were
on hand, and Senator Voorhces, Isaac P.
Gray, candidate for Governor, "Saddle- I
Dags" McDonald, "Objector" Holman and |
other big Democratic guns were on hand
to preach the gospel of politics according
to General JacKson, lor whom not ;i few
Shelby County Democrats were still voting
for President. After some delay the pro- I
cession started for a urove a mile away to
feast upon barbecued meat and listen to
sound Democratic doctrine. The long line
of hungry patriots came to an abrupt stop
after tuurcbing a little way and there
appeared to be a commotion at the bead of
the column. I hastily moved to the front
and upon asking, "What's the trouble?"
I was informed that "A Blame banner is
stretched across the street down there, and
as it is against the principles of a Shelby
County Democrat to march under a banner
of that kind we have sent a committee to
notify tbe Republican bosses of this town
that if that banner is not down in rive
minutes we will tear it down. This is
Democratic day in Shelbyville and things
have to go our way."
Eefore the five minutes were up the
Blame banner had been hauled in, and
the line of hungry Democrats was on the
march for the barbecue pits. A newspaper
man told a joke after the crowd had
reached the grove which came very near
costing him a thrashing that he would have
remembered all the days of his life. He
said a colporteur told him a few days be
fore that he, the colporteur, was making a
tour of Shelby County, distributing re
ligious literature; that lu> accosted a farmer
in the highway and a?ke<l hun if he was
standing up for Jesus Christ. After a few
moments of anxious thought, as if trying
to recall something he had forgotten," the
old farmer said: "I believe I've hearn of
that feller afore, but I can't jest locate
him. But that aon't make no difference,
mister. If he is any kin to Tom Hendricks
and is a-mnnin' for somethin', you can bpt
that critter you're ridin' {hat I am
'standin' up' for him."
Dan Vuorhee«, hotter known *s the Tall
Sycamore of the Wabash, came home to
help entertain the rank and tile, but son.c
painful reminiscences were being hurled
at him, to which he did not venture a
reply. During the war Voorhees was
under suspicion of being one of the ring
leaders of the order of Southern sympa
thizers known as the Knights oi the
Golden Circle, and one day "Daniel
talked too much with his mouth," as an
old so;ditrexi«re«ped it lo me. Voorhees
was on a Vandalia train en route to Terre
Haute and on the same tiain were a lot of
old soldiers going home on a furlough.
When it wa* found that the Tall Syca
more was a fellow-passenger someone sug
gested tha: they hang him then and
there. Suiting the action to the word, the
bellrope of the train was quickly hauled
in ani a hangman's noose that would
about fit V'.iorhees 1 necK was made, and
but for the prompt interference of cooler
heads his political career would have been
cut off before he reached the next station.
Another thing that botherei Holman,
Voorhee." and the other "dyed-in-the-wool"
Democratic leaders was the way Isaac P.
(■ray, candidate for Governor, was draw
ing Democrats to his sid<\ ami who per
sisted in making a Democratic hero of
Hi in. Before the "Greeley movement"
Gray was known to be the most rabid Re
publican and the mo*t bitter and uncom
promising hater of Democrats in Indiana.
In a slump spe <:!i, un one occasion, he
said if he were a memlwr of the Li-gi.-ln
ture, he would Introduce a bill makintr it
a penitentiary offense for a Democrat, man
or woman, to marry one of the "emanci
pated." His purpose would be, he ?aid,
to protect ignorant and unsuspecting col
ored people aeainst such depraved inilu
ences as would naturally How upon and
about them from social contact with In
diana Democrats. But Gray was a thor
ough politician and selfish to the ends of
his fingers. He had neen in turn a Free-
Boiler, a Know-Noth'iijj, a "rebel-exter
minating" soldier Republican, a Republi
can politic an, a Greeleyite and a Bourbon
Democrat, but in and through it all he
was for I-aac P. Gray, first, last ami all the
time. He had that most desirable j.- i f t ,
which is "-uch a tower of strength in the
professional politician. He never forgot
names or faces, and he was th« best baby
kisser that ever pulled the wool over the
eyes of a Hoosicr voter.
"Hendricke is dead, McDonald is dead,
Gray is dead, Holman is completely
played out, Senator Voorhees is now
measured at his trafl worth— a ward poli
tician possess! :ig great National power.
Senator Turpie, one of the most scholarly
men in the Senate, is altogether the most
indifferent Inclianian as concerning
political preferment. Thu9 it will
be seen Claude Matthews' political
lines are cast in pleasant places for an
aspiring politician, and, as he possesses
the dignity of Hendricks. the cunning of
Gray and a good deal of the spread-eagle
oratory of Voorhees, he has reason for be
lieving that he is in a position to demand
a good deal at the hands of the Chicago
convention. Besides, the Golden Circle
charges could not be rung on him, for at
least one of the very prominent Republi
can politicians of Indiana was a member
of the order before he was converted to
Republicanism. My word for it, Indiana
politicians forget more about practical
politics every day than those of some
States ever knew or could know in a year.
Armond.
A remedy for the removal of insects
from a conservatory may oe found, with
out destroying the little intruder, by con
centrating tobacco smoke for a iew min
utes and then to open the sashes, thus
allowing them an opportunity to escape.
Whist
[All communications concerning whist, an
swers to problems, etc., should be addressed
'Whist Editor," Call, City.]
A gentleman atthe "post mortem" table
in the rooms of the Trist Duplicate Whist
Club the other evening remarked after the
play of the deal waß over: "If there is
one thing that bothers me more than an
other it is to know just the tima to stop
leading from tbe suit I originally open.
For example, I lead the ace, then king.
Now, whether to go on once more or not
with tbe same suit is where I am weak."
With all beginners at whist this is a crit
ical position. "What should you do? If
you wish to do right, as a general rule push
the suit the third time. It is a certainty
that one of the other three ca:i trump. It
is not possible for this suit to go around
more than twice without some one being
out, ace followed by king never being led
originally except from five cards in suite.
Your object in opening high cards from
a long suit 13 to take all the tricks you can
and win with the smaller ones later in the
play of the deal— after the suit is estab
lished. If the queen don't fall on your
ace and king lead your suit is blocked,
and the remaining cards in your band
cannot be brought in until this "card is out
of the way. Of course the chances are two
to one that your partner has not got it. .If
he has not he can trump if he wishes or
pass, a sure trick, which, in whist,
has a very significant meaning. In
other words, the information you
get, no matter what happens, is so
valuable that you can always consider it
good whist play to go on with the suit.
I If the leader held ace, king, queen and
j two or more, after leading the queen — the
I correct opening— he should, if he holds
■ four trumps, lead them at once; if he
; holds only three it is generally right to
lead them after leading the queen; if the |
leader only holds two trumps it is better j
I to go on with your buU for the second
'round; then "switch." When the leader
opens with a trump for the purpose of
exhausting his opponents to bring in
a long suit keep up the lead long
j enough to accomplish what you start out
! to do; if you find one of your adversaries
■ very weak, holding only one, it is not ai
ways right to go on then; or, we might
put it stronger and say it is not "gener
ally" right. If at any time during the
play of a hand you see the possibility of a ;
cross ruff get the lead at any cost and leal
a trump, no matter how many you hold.
A. great deal can be said on this subject,
and the textbooks on the game overlook
i it. The Call will be pleaded to receive a
Jew lines rrom Mr. Trist. Cavendish,
: Fisher Ames, Milton C. Work, General
[ Dravson, George L. Bunn, or our whist
i queen, Miss Kate Wheelock.
We are trying hard to point the way to
I the goal and a mite from any or all oi'the
: above great authorities will be "casting
bread upon the waters."
We give below a very interesting deal
j that came in play in a match game in the
; rooms of the Trist Club.
The Call offers a prize of a whist book
I for the best analysis of the play. No inno
; vations on the opening lead will be recog
j nized in our determination of who gives
the best analysis:
«.— A, 9.
II.— A, 9, 5,4.
C— J. 10, 8, 7.
D.— X, 8, 5.
8.-Q, J. 10. 5, 3. * R.-K, 8, 7, 6, 4, 2
' H.-K. 10, 7, 2. T V v 11.-6.
j c.-a. " • *-• c— cj, 5, 2.
D.-A.9, 3. a !>.— J, 7, 4.
<5
li.-Q. J, 8, 9.
C— A, X, 9, 4, 3. '
D.-Q, 10, 6. 2.
Queen of Diamonds trump. West to lead.
Among the many very interesting arti-
J cles in Whist for April we quote the follow
ing from a letter of Major-General A. W.
Dray son, who is recognized as one of the
1 best writers on the game now living:
In my very young days, when my partner at
I whist made a series of blunders, I attributed
■ his mistakes to inattention or to indifference
; us to whether he played well or badly. Later
i 0:1, when the same or similar errors were com
mitted, I concluded that mental laziness was
the cause, and that my partner had never
troubled himself to study the principles of
whist. Eventually I have come to the conclu
sion that just us different guns have a greater
or less range, so there are various mental or
ganizations! which differ in their range
lor capacity as much as do our can
| non. In electricity there is a quantity
and intensity, or, to put this In a more
popular form, there is brandy above and
I below proof. No amount of brandy below
proof will produce the same results as a very
small amount of brandy above proof. So with
; the mind. No amount of thought, where
i quantity «lone exists, will yield the results
which arc obtained by a small amount of
thought where intensity is present.
No amount of study of whist will make the
I man possessing only a quantity brain the equal
1 as a whist-piuyer of the man gifted with in
tensity.
The former may play a fairly good game (if
he has studied), he may not make any very
I great blunders and he "may be a factory
i partner, but he can never rise to the condi
-1 tion of play which, disregarding all rule, will
enable him to win or save a game by some
brilliant coup. Such a proceeding would be
beyond his mental range. ' ■
ANSWERS TO QUERIES.
We have received several letters of in
quiry in regard to the arrangements for
the Brooklyn Whist Congress. In answer
we will state that the congress will meet
at the Oriental Hotel, Manhattan Beach,
Brooklyn, on Monday, June 22, and con
tinue in session during the entire week.
The arrangements are in charge of the
league's tournament committee, which
consists of Robert H. Meems of Brooklyn
(chairman), E. T. Baker of Brooklyn,
Milton C. Work of Philadelphia, John T.
Mitchell of Chicago, E. Le Roy Smith of
Albany and P. J. Tormey of San Fran
cisco. No doubt there will be at least 800
players take part in the various matches.
There will be nine general contests as
follows:
Contest for the Hamilton trophy for the year
! 1896-07. - :: .
. Contest for the first possession of the Ameri
can Whiit League trophy for the year 1896-97.
Contest for the Minneapolis trophy for pairs
representing league clubs.
Contest for the Brooklyn trophy for teams
representing auxiliary associations.
Contest at progressive whist for fours, tricks
to determine". ;
Contest . at progressive whist for fours,
matches to determine.
Contest at progressive whist for pairs. I "'■
Free for all contest between the East and
West at duplicate whist.
Free for all contest at progressive straight
whist. ":..:•! ••-,•- s
With the exception of the first day there will
be matches both afternoon and evening.
Every individual whist-player that visits
Brooklyn, if he be a member of a club be
longing to. the. American Whist League,
can have all the whist play he wants. He
can enter and play in five of the above
contests by reporting to any member of
the tournament committee. It is the duty
of this committee to see that every visitor
to the congress plays all the whist he cares
to. If any one from this section wants
information in regard to cost, etc., of get
ting there, or what the entire round trip
will cost, >ur whist editor will send a cir
cular giving in detail all this information.
No. Whist playing for money in the
rooms of the Trist Club at any time or
under any circumstances subjects the
offender to immediate expulsion. The
initiation fee is $2 50. dues $1 a month, and
I all lovers of the game can join if their so
cial standing is go d.
We are asked by our correspondent in
Hollister what are considered the best and
proper leads from the following in plain
suits:
Ace, queen, jack, one or more.
King, jack, ten, one or more.
Queen, jack, ten, one or more.
Jack, ten, nine, one or more.
Our answer is, stick to the textbook.
The first, lead ace, follow with queen, iX
four in suit; but with live in suit, lead aco
and follow with jucß.
Second— Lead ten with four or live in
suit.
Third — Lead queen with four or rive in
suit.
Fourth— Lead the fourth best.
You wiJl rind among amateurs a few who
know more than the books. Our advice is
to keep in the path that you know will get
you there safe; don't go " 'cross lots." We
have tried it, and have generally fallen in
a hole.
No! No one is allowed to look at the
last trick or any one card of the last trick
after they have all been once turned and
quitted. In duplicate whist, as long as
there is one curd that is not turned the
rest can be seen by any or every one at the
table. There is a severe penalty attached
to the violation of the above, which is,
a suit may be called from the one offend
ing or his partner the lirst time it is the
turn of either of them to lead. This pen
alty can be enforced only by the adversary
on the right of the player from whom a
suit can lawfully be called. If the suit is
called by the wrong pany no penalty can
be exacted.
Yes, there are two ways of "revoking,"
one of which is not generally known. One
is not following suit when you can; the
other is not complying with the terms ot a
penalty. For example: A player looks at
the last trick— or last card if in duplicate —
and becomes liable to a penalty; a suit is
called, say hearts. If he plays anything
else and has a heart he has "revoked."
A "quint" is five cards in sequence; a
"quart" 13 four cards in sequence; a
"tierce" is three cards in sequence; a
"quint niinor" is 2, 3, 4, 5, 6; a "quint
major" is ace, king, queen, jack, ten.
"Yes. The Master "Cavendish" will be
at the Brooklyn congress. The whist ed
itor of The (all receiv d a letter from
Robert H. Weems, corresponding secre
tary of the American Whist League, say
ing: "Cavendish will arrive from England
on the 13th of June and will sail for home
acain on the 4th of July, and I will accom
pany him." N. B. Tnst, the father of
"American Leads," will also be there.
Yes. We Know of several irom this City
who will be at the Brooklyn congress. At
least four and probably live from the Trist
Ciub will be present.
WHISTLETS.
The St. Nicholas Hotel Whibt Club
meets every Friday night in the ladies'
parlor of the hotel. The whist editor of
The Call was nicely entertained there
last week. The evening's play was pro
gressive mnemonic duplicate.
Every whist-player on the Pacilic Coast
can have a sample copy of Whist for May
by sending his address to the whist editor
of this paper.
Mr. E. ('. Hill and Mr. d'Arcy acknowl
edge receipt of Call prizes.
Miss Kate Wheelock, tha whist queen,
in a letter to our whist editor says: "I ap
preciate the article on 'Fads,' for I am in a
city, as you well know, where they are
used more than any other place in the
country, and the poor beginner trying to
do wnat the experts only can."
A match game for the Rideont trophy
was played in the rooms of the San Fran
cisco Whist Club Saturday, May 9. Mr.
George A. Singer of the Trist Club acted
as referee in the absence of President P. J.
Tormej\ It was a very close game and
great credit is due to the Vallejo club for
putting up such a strong game. They
evidently got "rattled" in the last round
and only lost the match by live tricKs.
The team representing the Vallejo club
were: F. J. Walter, C. F. Colvin, D. W.
Harrier, A. Pennycook.
The San Francisco team were: George
E. Bates, H. C. Richards. D. R. Wilson, A.
D. Eyre.
The following schedule shows the full
score, divided into deals of eight :
Deals.
I 1|
-
3
41
»l
v
V
8, lOlal
San Francisco.... o! 0 l| 01
Vallejo 1| 0! 0| l|
1
0
o
1
i a
0; 0
Deals. | 9110111 19 li 14 15 16 1 Total
Knn Francisco. ... oi 0 o| li 1 Oi 0 Ol 2
Vaih-io | 1, 0 0| 0| 0| 1| Oi B| 4
Deals. 117118 19120 21 22 23 21, Total
San Francisco oojo| 21 o'i Oj ol 2' 4
Vallejo 1| 1| 01 01 0| ll 2) Oj 6
"Deals. jsfiT26 j 27 1 28 : 29 1 8(F31 32 1 Total
; i | I __^_
San Francisco 3' I 1I 1 0 Oi 1 0' o| 0 5
Vallejo 0' 0 1 1 0 1 l| «| O| 8
DJhls. n "i BB 3(5 37 38 §9 Total
Pan Francisco j 0 0| 1 O' l] 1 ()'■ 0 3
Vallejo | 0 0| 0 lj 0| Oj U| l| 2
~DealsT j4114a>48j44j45.4(ri7'-18|T0Lal
San Francisco l| ol 0; 1 'J ] 0 0
Vallejo 0 O 0 0 01 0| Oj 0 0
5
Total gaiu for San Francisco 22
Total gain for Vallejo 17
Net gain for Ban Francisco 5
Mrs. Lillian Blake, Mrs. A. H. Keeler
and Mrs. C. Bnnne of the Trixt Club have
left for the East. They will all be in at
tendance at the Brooklyn Whist Congress.
The April number of Whist gave a " Scar
borough" hand held by Mr. E. Le ltoy
Smith of Albany, N. V., as follows:
Spades— s, 3, 2.
Heart?— 6. 2.
Clubs— 6. 5. 4, 2.
Diamonds — 7, 5, 4, 3.
In a 'compass" match in the Trist Club
rooms Saturday evening. May 9, Deal No.
18, East dealt and turned up the three of
hearts.
His hand was as follows:
Spades — 7, 5, 3, 2.
Hearts — 6, 5, 3.
Clubs— 7, 6, 4.
Diamonds — 7, 4, 2.
Practical Helen.
Helen is 7 years old. The other day she
came into the house with a. thoughtful
face and the question, "Mamma, what is
Stepmother?"
After the explanation had been made
she pondered the matter for a moment,
then a light came into her eyes, and she
said with a satisfied sigh, "'We'll, mamma,
if God ever takes you to be with him, I'll
ask papa to marry Aunt Sally, and save
us children the trouble of getting ac
quainted with a stranger." — New York
World.
SEW TO-DAY.
TOBACCO CAUSED^COMMPtIoI
Used 3Va Pounds of Tobacco Weekly
for Thirty-Two Years.
Takes No-To-Fac— Gets Quick Cu re-
Gains 4214 Pounds— Consumption
Gone.
Two Rivers, Wls., May 16.— Great excitement
is being manifested over the miraculous recov-
ery of Mr. Joseph Bunker, who for several
years has been considered a hopeless consump-
tive. Investigation shows that for over thirty-
two years he used three and a half pounds of
tobacco a week. A short time ago he was in
ducod to try a tobacco habit cure called "No-
To-Bac." Talking about his cure to-day ho
said: "Yes, I used No-To-Bac and two boxes
completely ■ cured me. !I : thought, and so did
all my friends, that I had consumption. Now
they say, as you say, 'how healthy and strong
you look, Joe,' and whenever they ask me what
cured my consumption I tell them Xo-To-Bac.
The last week I used tobacco I lost four pound*.
The znorninsr I began the use of No-To-Bac I
weighed 7 126^ pounds; to-day I weigh 169, a
gain of 42';; pounds. I eat heartily and sleep
well. Before I used No-To-Bnc I was so nerv-
ous that when I went to drink I had to hold
the glass in both hands. To-day my nerves are
perfectly steady. Where did Iget"No-To-BacT
At the drugstore. It is made by the Sterling
Remedy Co., Chicago, Montreal and New York
who will mall the famous booklet 'Don't To-
bacco Spit and Smoke Your Life Away,' writ-
ten guarantee and free sample for the asking
All druggists sell Xo-To-Bac under absolute
guarantee to cure."
Th« most certain and safe Pain Remedy. Instantly
relieves and soon cures all Colds, Hoarseness, Bori
Throat, Bronchitis, Congestions and Inflamm*.
Uoo-b 60c per bottle, bold by Druggist* "*""•*
2728
SEARCHING FOR
WOOTTON'S BODY
Guided by the Spirit Control of
an Oakland Medium at
Fresno.
INSPIRED BY LITTLE KITTLE.
Mystery of the Unhallowed Grave
Still Unsolved— Uncle Billy's
Will at Visalia.
FRESNO, Cal., May 16.— The spiritual
ists have made their search; the body of
Wootton remains hidden from those not
gifted with the faculty of clairvoyance.
Very quietly and unostentatiously the
search was made. There were no blaring
trumpets. None of the detectives and
otticials previously employed on the case
knew of the search. Even the keen
scented local reporters knew nothing of
the search, who the searchers were or
when the search was made.
It is several days old now, yet this is the
first public announcement that probably
the very last search has been made for the
body of William Wootton; made and
failed.
And yet all Fre.-no, all Fresno County
and the northern half of Tulare County
have been waiting, interestedly, a fort
night or more for tnat search to De made.
They have been waiting ever since the
Oakland test medium came down here,
rented quarters in the Pleasant View
House, went into a trance and, under the
guidance of the spirit of Little Kitty, drew
a map of the Wootton ranch that aston
ished the experts for its accurateness, and
pointed out the location of the body with
a decisiveness that was indeed quite mar
velous.
No one can say that the body does not
lie at the spot indicated by the medium,
>'rs. R. Cowell. The search proved noth
ing. Four men dug for two hours at the
spot marked on the map and found noth
ing. They might have dug for a week at
the same spot and still, finding nothing,
yet be unable to swear that old Uncle
Billy Wootton's bones did not repose be
neath the soil of that patch of mud de
scribed with such particularity by the
youthful visitant from the netber world
through the accommodating mediumship
of Mrs. R. Cowell of Oakland.
For the spot described is a very large
one — when you go at it spade in hand;
and Uncl« Billy's grave may be very, very
deep. And Mrs. Cowell did not accom
pany the searchers. She might have gone
into a trance on the spot, if she had, sum
moned Little Kitty to her aid — or why not
the spirit of Uccle Biliy himself ?— and
then and there pointed cut the exact loca
tion of that unhallowed grave. But Mrs.
Cowell left Fresno ior Oakland the very
day the search was made, and could not,
therefore, accompany the searching party.
She might have delayed her return an
other day and enjoyed a pleasant drive to
the Wootton ranch. She miglit — but I
snail need all my space to tell what did
happen. It was this:
Two men rode down from Fresno one
day last week and reached the Wootton
ranch at noon. These were B. F. Kite and
A. T- Stevens. They neglected to notify
the Coroner, though they felt quite sure
that their errand would not prove fruit
less. What strengthened their faith not
a little was what happened to Mr. Kite
the eveniner before when he visited the
Oakland medium. Mrs. Cowell became
again possessed of the spirit of Little
Kitty.
"Can you tell me where I am going to
morrow?" asked Kite.
"You is going to the Wootton ranch,"
replied Little Kitty, whose grammar, it
appears, has in no wise improved during
her residence in the spirit world.
"You is going to «earch for the body of
that poor old man what was murdered,"
said Little Kitty, and then she went on aud
described the ng in which the journey
would be made, the exact number of dig
ging implements that would be carried,
namine one short and one long spade, and
describing quite accurately, as Mr. Kite
himself afterward related it, the three
other members of the searching party.
And all this time Mr. Kite himself was
ignorant of most of these particulars,
having entrusted their arrangement to his
friend, Mr. Stevens. And sure enough
when they set forth in the morning Kite
found that everything had been arranged
just as Little Kitty had predicted. Surely
here was good augury ofsuccess.
At the Wootton ranch Kite and Stevens
found Robert Simpson, proprietor of the
Reedley Hotel, and myself awaiting them,
as had been agreed upon. Is it needful to
state that both Mr. Kite and Mr. Stevens
are firm believers in the phenomenal pow
ers of Mr*. Cowell and the truthfulness of
Little Kitty? Mr. Simpson, be it re
corded, is a devout unbeliever. Hut he is
a courteous gentleman, quite willing that
others should differ with him in matters
of the other world so long as they pay
their score at Iteealey. My own faith, or
lack of it. is a matter between Little Kitty
and myself alone. But the two that rode
from Keedley had traveled over the ground
many times before in search of the same
bones — the one prompted by bis kindly
regard for the poor old man so cruelly
robbed and murdered, the other bent on
solving the last mysterious feature of the
most remarkable tragedy that bus ever
occurred in California.
One day. a few weeks ago, an old man
named Mitchell came into Fresno from
his home at Fowler. He brought a small
package with him. He took this package
to Anna R. Peckham, one of the mos^uc
cessful mediums of Fresno, and asfced her
to tell him what the package contained:
Miss Peckham went into a trance at once,
held the package to ncr brow and then
answered the question of the man from
Fowler in a way that set all Fresno
County again talking about the mystery
cf Wootton.
"That package contains the spectacles
worn by Uncle Billy Wootton," said th?
medium. And then she went on to tell
how Wootton was murdered, how he was
doubled up in his grave, and how the
grave was on the Wootton ranch, under a I
clump of oak trees, where the land was ;
marshy and had been trampled upon by i
cattle.
Of course the Fresno papers printed all
this, with possibly a reportorial embel
lishment or two, and again there was
great interest revived and much talk of
organizing searching parties to go down to
the ranch and dig up the bones, But the
ranch is more than twenty-rive miles to
the southeast of V'ootton. and the nearest
railway staiion is Reedley, rifteen miles
distant from the ranch.
Then Dr. Louis Schlessinger, the famous
t»an Francisco medium, came down to
Fresno and had a trance. He, also, saw
Wootton's body in about the same condi
tion and in the same general location as
that described by the young woman, who
could recognize Wootton's spectacles
through several thicknesses of opaque
wrapping paper. There was more talk of
more searching parties, but no search was
instituted.
Public interest was kept alive, however,
by these clairvoyant phenomena. There
are many spiritualists in Fresno County
and there are many others whose experi
ences in the world have been too broad to
enable them to scoff at even the much
deridefi and often quite fraudulent "spirit
ualistic manifestation."
So the time was ripe for the advent of
Mrs. Cowell, the Oakland test medium.
She is a generously built lady, of pleasing
face and manner. She came to Fresno to
enjoy the mild dry climate and a needed
rest. She took quarters at the Pleasant
View House, where Anna R. Peckham re
sided.
The local spiritualists visited her and
asked for seances. Circles were formed.
Many came. Little Kitty was the "con
trol." Her performances created much
interest. The fame of Mrs. Cowell spread.
One evening a young man joined the circle
who was unknown to the others present.
(Of course, I am giving all this second
hand, for I was not present, at any of the
seances. But many reputable men of
Fr'-sno pledge their word that no one in
the room knew that this stranger was
Stanton Abbott, brother of the man whose
name appeared in the forged Wootton
deeds. The Abnotts and Sanders were
very friendly, had secrets in common and
were suspected alike for a long time.)
Mrs. Cowell, in her trance state, began
to act peculiarly. She seemed to suffer
greatly. The stranger was asked to leave
the room. He departed, but still the
medium suffered. After a while she grew
calm. Then she — or rather Little Kitty,
speaking through her— told the astonished
listeners that the man who had left the
room knew a great deal about the Wootton
murder, knew where the body was buried,
had helped to bury it. Mrs. Cowell'shand
seized pencil and paper and drew a map
of the Wootton ranch. This map I have
seen. It is nearly accurate. In one place
the main road bends a little in the wrong
direction, but the location of the cabin,
the barn, the wheatfield, the corral and all
the important features of the big ranch
are marked preci-ely as they are located.
To the south and a little back of the cabin
is a small ravine or drain for a spring that
is almost extinct now. At the bead of this
ravine, ne*r the spring, is a clump of trees
and a patch of moi-t ground.
Singularly enough tins is about the only
spot on the entire ranch that was not
searched about two years ago, and what is
more singular still is the fact that this spot
could have been overlooked by the search
ers for it affords exceptional facilities for
the crime. At this spot the pencil in the
hand of the medium stopped and began to
make small circles. "Here, here," said
Little Kitty with the voice oi Mrs. Cowell.
"Here is the crave; it's been tramped,
tramped, tramped by (he cattle. The body
is doubled up.
Mr. Kite was present at this seance. He
secured the diagram and resolved to make
a search of the place indicated. A day or
two later Stanton Abbott again appeared
at a seance of Mrs. Cowell's. Again the
medium suffered. "I suffered ago
nies," she told me, "and I will never have
anything more to do with the Wootton
case. It causes me too much pain."
But it is told now how she called Ab
bott by his name and under terror of the
uncanny phenomena extracted from him
what is paid to have been an admission
that he knew the whereabouts of Woot
ton's burial, that he helped Sanders dig
the grave, thrust the body into it, and re
fill the hole. A further refuted admission
goes to the effect that Stanton Abbott
slepi in the clump of trees near the grave
two nights after the murder, either tear
ing to be seen leaving the ranch or in or
der to remain and destroy all evidences of
the ground having been freshly broken.
Some of these things found their way
into the local papers, and there was con
siderable excitement revived for the tinu
being. Still, for several days the much
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY 17, 1896.
talked about searching parties did not ma
terialize. The authorities, as well as
others, feared public ridicule in case the
body should not be found.
Finally two men, havinc the full
strength of their convictions, being bolder
thp.n the others and keeping tueir inten
tions a secret from all but those who were
to participate in the search, went forth and
dug boldly for two hours and found noth
ing.
Digging is hard work and acts as a dis
p-eller of what the world calls illusions.
The party returned to Reedley with a good
deal less enthusiasm than when it started
out. J. H. G.
VISALIA, Cai,., May 16.— 1t is not gen
erally known that William Wootton left a
will. Indeed, the fact has just been dis
covered, though months have elapsed
since the final distribution of the estate by
the Probate Court of Fresno County. In
the adjudication of the property after
Wootton was declared legally dead and
the forged deeds to Sanders annulled no
will was found and no mention was made
of a will.
Yet there was a will. Did Sander? find
it and destroy it while he had possession
of the old man's property and access to
many of his private papers? This is not
considered probable, and the whereabouts
of that will promises to become as great a
mystery as the whereabouts of the Dody of
the man whose estate it was designed to
bequeath.
The will was drawn up at Visalia, and
Tipton Lindsey and E. M. Bentiy of tiiis
city were named in it as administrators.
Julius Levy, notary public, drew up and
witnessed the will, and himself, with Max
Bravaman, all of this city, signed the doc
ument as witnesses.
All these men named were Odd Fellows
and members of the same lodge at Visalia
with William Wootton. This is known as
Visalia Lodge No. 94. Both of the admin
istrators and executors named in the will
have died since the disappearance of
Wootton, and it is thought quite likely
that the will was in the possession of one
of these. Wootton was quite an enthusi
astic Odd Fellow. He took a great inter
est in his lodge, and rarely missed any of
its meetings, though he had to travel
many miles to attend them and remain at
Visalia over night.
Wootton was well known in this city
and in Tulare County, where he had many
friends. When it was first known that he
was missing the Odd Fellows of Visalia
took the initial steps toward searching
for him, and later on it was through their
efforts a great deal that Sanders was finally
arrested and brought to trial.
Not a great deal of credence is placed in
the reported visions of the spiritualists at
I Fresno, except by those of course who
believe in what is called spiritualism. Yet
Visalia is deeply interested in the search
I and lives in the hope that one day the
great mystery will be cleared and Woot
ton's last resting place disclosed.
Julius Levy, the notary public who exe
cuted William Woo'ton's will, says he
does not know what disposition was made
of the document. Wootton took it away
with him after it had been duly attested,
and no one can be found now who knows
what was done with it.
According to Mr. Levy's best recollec
tion the will left the bulk of the estate to
the testator's brother in England. There
may have been some smaller bequests, but
there is no one living now who can re
member to whom they were made. Should
the will be discovered its presence would
probably not effect the status of the es
tate, since the owner of the property is at
present the chief legatee named in the will.
BOARD OF HEALTH.
The Graud Jury Begin* an Investiga
tion of That Department.
The Grand Jury Friday began some sort
of a Board of Health Investigation. Among
the witnesses called were Mayor Sutro, Acting
Mayor C. L. Taylor, Drs. Morse, Willinmson,
Hart and Fitzgibbon of the Board of Health,'
and Dr. Stahle superintendent, and Geonje
Robertson steward, of the City and County
Hospital.
fco much time was occupied in hearing the
first witnesses called that Prs Williamson and
Fiizgibbon were notified shortly before 7
o'clock that they would be excused for the
day. They had danced attendance for three
hours and were then sent away without a
lien ring.
Mayor Sutro was first heard, and Supervisor
Taylor came next. Then Dr. Morse was nd
mittpJ, and finally Dr. Hart, Dr. Stahle and
Mr. Roborson ffot in. Tie grand jurors them
selves were not in the best of humor when the
adjournment was reached.
The closing hours of the session were de
voted chiefly to the consideration of hospital
management. Mayor Sutro and Supervisor
Taylor expressed their opinions freely con
'•ernlug the political administration of the
Board of Health.
BUST OF THE LATE
JAMES BROWN.
The Sculptor Otto Dobbertin Has
Just Finished a Lifelike
Model.
AN IDEAL SUBJECT, HE SAYS.
Hopes to Produce one of the Fin°st
Pieces of Sculpture Ever
Seen Here.
Otto Pobbertin, the sculptor, has for
over a month past been at work on a bust
of the late James Brown, son of Cashier
Thomas Brown of the Bank of Calitornia,
and son-in-law of Irving M. Scott. Mrs.
Bronn has taken great interest in having
a bust completed that should exactly rep
resent her hutband, and ail those who
have seen the work think Mr. Dobbertin
has succeeded in a most admirable way.
The m od-1 has been completed. It is of
life size and was made from masks
taken afttr Mr. Brown's death, and by the
aid of late photographs combined witli
numerous suggestions from Mrs. Brown.
The lady as well as all the family of Mr.
Scott and of Mr. Brown's fattier are
understood to be very much pleased
with it.
Some who never knew Mr. Brown
by name, but on seeing the model remem
bered having known him by sight, com
plimented the sculptor on his work as
being signally true to life.
Mr. Dobbertin will now proceed to chisel
the bust from Carrara marble, using the
clay model as a pattern. For this purj>ose
a magnificent block of the finest Italian
marble has been obtained. It is clear
white, and from all appearances the bust
when finally completed will be one of the
finest specimens of sculpture that has ever
been se^n on the Pacific Coast.
Mr. Dobbertin is sparing no pains with
the work. He has put a great deal of
thought on it and has tried to make it as
near life-like as possible.
It will take about two months to chisel
rbe Bust of the Late Jomcs Brown, as Finished by Sculptor Otto Dobbertin.
[Sketched by a "Call" artist.]
out the bust. Mr. Brown was quick in
movement, signally kind to everybody
and liked pets like horses and dogs. His
eyes were large and from an artist's stand
point melancholy, and the shape of his
head showed great idealism. Mr. Dobber
tin is treasuring up all these traits and is
endeavoring to bring them to bear in a
lifelike way in the marble. He thinks he
never saw a finer nose, and altogether he
hopes to make of his effort a masterpiece.
The mask which he took was the fif
teenth of the kind. He has had great suc
cess with all his masks. He took this one
alone, something he never did before, and
was very successful in it.
EPWORTH LEAGUE PLANS
The Organization to Hold a Gen
eral State Convention in
the Fall.
Probably Ten Tluusand People Wil
Attenc— First Observance of Its
Kind on the Coast.
The Epworth League held a quarterly
executive meeting night before last at the
Hcme of the Deaconesses of the Methodist
Church on Castro street.
At that meeting the first step was taken
toward holdinc a grand State convention
of the organisation during the ensuing
fall in this Ciiy. It was stated that this
convention will equal in magnitude the
convention now being held by the Endeav
orers at San Jose.
There are some ten thousand odd mem
bers of the Epworth League in this State,
one thousand of whom belong to the al
liances of San Francisco.
This will be the first general State con
vention ever held by the league.
The league is officered as follows: A. C.
Stevens, president; Mrs. H. H. Benson,
O. L. Langstrum and Mrs. O. S. Davidson,
vice-presidents; Miss Mary E. Speakman,
recording secretary; H. F. Perry, finai
cial secretary ; Miss Anna Hammond, or
ganist; H. E. Snook, chairman of street
committee; and E. M. Emerson, chair
man of jail committee.
The alliance is raising funds to build a
gospel wagon, which will be constructed
on the plan of wagons of a similar kind
now being used in the East.
It will be built with side openings and a
canopy high enough to permit a person to
stand beneath it and address an audience
on the street. The wagon will be painted
in th«s colors of the league, red and white.
The proposition is to taKe the wagon
into the alleys of the City and such parts
v.here the people never think of attending
divine service. By this means the Gospel
wi'l be carried to them.
It was reported that the funds for the
wagon had already be?n raised. It was
decided to assess "their members for a
small amount each month in order to
carry on this ini.-sionary work.
The alliance has decided to give a grand j
social at Simpson Memorial Church in the i
near future, and a committee has been I
I appointed to arrange for this event.
It w;;s decided to hold the next quarterly
meeting of the alliance at the Chester
[ street Church, Oakland. The union prayer
meetings of the alliance will beheld here
after regularly on the first Monday of
each month.
B^jworth League Anniversary.
The seventh anniversary of the Ep
worth League, connected with Simpson
\ Memorial Methodist Episcopal Church of
1 this Ciiy, will be celebrated with aupro
| priate exercises in the auditorium of the
j church, corner of Hayes and Buchanan
j streets, this evening at 7:30 o'clock. Ad
] dresses will be delivered by Rev. John
Stephens, the pastor. W. H. Hammon, the
ure.-ident, and C. B. Perkins, the first
president of the league. Special music
will be rendered by the choir for the occa
sion, which promises to be of great in
terest. The public is invited to attend.
THEY WANT TIME.
J. SI. Moran & Co. Failed, but Will
Kveuttially Pay I'p.
J. M. Moran &, Co., the dry-goods mer
chants on Market street, near Sixth, have
been attached by the Board of Trade for
$6496.
Mr. Moran claims to owe $ir>.ooo, all
told, here and in the East, and he values
his stock at $i\OUO. The attorney. Mr.
Kirk, of the Board of Trade, who entered
suit, is causing an inventory of the stock
to be taken, after which it is prouablo
the firm will be given time in which to
pay up.
Old Ladies* Home.
The board of lady managers of the Protest
ant Epi.-copal Old Ladies' Home, elected at the
annual meeting, comprise the following-named
ladies: Mrs. I. J. As bury, Mrs. Astredo, Mrs.
B. E. Babeock, Mrs. A. B. Clarke, Mrs. A. G.
Deal, Mrs. Detrick, Mrs. W. A. Douglass, Mrs.
L. S. Foster, Mrs. C. E. Gihb>, Miss M. J. Jones,
Mrs. E. J. Lion, Mrs. J. J. Macmanus, Miss D.
McLeod, Mrs. R. Morrison. Mrs. J. Newlunds,
Mrs. A. M. Prindle, Mrs. A. H. Phelps, Mrs. J. J.
Hiibin, Mrs. R. B. Sanchez, Mrs. F. L. .Somhack,
:irs. L. Steller, Mrs. H. W. Thorp and Mrs. M.
I>. Wilson.
The officers chosen were : President, Mrs. R. B.
Sanchez; vice-president, Mrs. C. E. Gibbs; sec
retary, Mrs. 11. \V. Thorp; treasurer, Mrs. C. E.
Gibbs. The lady managers wish to publicly
thank ihe members of the Harmony Choral
Club for the very successful concert "given by
them on April 13, in the Y. M. C. A. Hall, for
the t/enefit of tbe home, from which the home
realized the sum of $100.
EQUINE LAMENESS
AND UNSOUNDNESS.
M/SS RUSSELL TELLS HOW TO LOCATE THE LIMP.
There are a good many ailments to
which horses are subject that, while to
the uninitiated they may appear very
serious, do not render a horse unsound.
On the other hand there are defects which
the amateur horseman often fails to de
tect which do constitute legal unsound
ness, although unscrupulous dealers will
not hesitate to guarantee the animai sub
ject to them as sound in every respect.
These the would-be purchaser of a horse
Bhould understand about, for while they
render a horse unsound they do not make
him returnable if detected after purchase.
Kicking, bitine, cribbing and running
away are difficulties that, unless the pur
chaser has been notified of them, do render
an animal legally returnable, but with the
exception of cribbing, these are vices
rather than defects in the animal. A
horse who gnaws his manger or the hitch
ing-rail where he may be tied is often
called a "cribber," but this habit, while
it may tend to produce the disease, is not
cribbing.
This is a trouble produced, usually, by
indigestion. The horse takes the edge of
the manger in his teeth, straightens his
neck, sucks wind into his stomach and
ejects gas. The trouble can be cured if
taken in time, but, neglected, usually
proves fatal. It is a trick that is usually
only detected by seeing the animal in his
stall, and no OHe should ever buy a horse
without first seeing him in the stable.
But lameness, in one or other of its
various forms, is tbe usual form of mi
soundness in a horse, and, curious as it
may seem, lameness is a .very difficult
thing for the inpxperien:ed to detect. Un
less it is so marked that no one who hoped
to find a purchaser would think of offer
ing the animal for sale, the average ob
server will usually not notice it. And if
he does he will not be able to locate it, and
can usually be misled by the solier's
assurance that it is only a touch of stiff
ness that'll pass off by the time he's
traveled a mile.
Now, despite assurance to the contrary,
a well horse ought not to be stiff on j
coming out of a stable. If he is, depend
upon it there is good reason for it, either
in past trouble or in oncoming lameness.
A horse will give evidence of lameness
in a eood many ways, and it is by a study
of these ways that we locate the trouble.
Lameness is rarely manifested in tne
walking gait, but may often be detected
when the animal is in his stall. There he
is at his ease and undisturbed and will be
sure to take the position that is most com
fortable to him. It is in the stall that tne
indication known as "pointing" — that is,
easing a foot while standing on the other
three— can best be studied. A horse in
stable will often rest one or the other hind
leg by flexing the ankle and throwing his
weight off that foot, but unless he points
» .** — — -'■■-;?;■•'
THIS DOES NOT NECESSARILY MEAN LAMENESS.
a hind foot in such a manner as to give
plain evidence of pain when his weight is
borne on it the fact has usually no signifi
cance. In like manner a very tired horse
will often rest the fore and hind feet of
the opposite sides, as the right hind foot
and the left fore foot, or vice versa, but
when he points a fore foot the circum
stance may always be regarded with sus
picion, as* he will never do this unless
there is some weakness in one or the other :
fore foot. The greater part of a horse s
weight in standing comes on the fore legs
and he always carries it equally upon the
two, unless one is weak.
As we noted last week a horse with a
contracted hoof will stand with that foot
in advance of the other, with the toe rest
ing on the ground. This relieves the heel
of pressure. If, on the contrary, be points
the foot in such away as to raise the toe
and brine the weight on the heel, you may
suspect laminitis (founder), or incipient
ringbone. In navicular disease a horse
raises the heel and points the toe. Some
times, in this disease, he will seem to stand
flrraiy upon both fore feet, but if one pas
tern is held a little straighter than the
other you may be sure he is easing that
foot of his weight. In lameness of the
hind feet the animal will often litt the af
fected foot entirely from the ground. You
can tell whether he is only resting a hind
foot, or pointing it, in earnest, by giving
him a quick push, and noticing whether
he shifts the weight on one hind foot more
quickly than on the other. The hind feet
are not often the seat of lameness. When
lameness does appear in a hind leg it is
usually about the hock, and we may look
there for spavin, thoroughpin or curb.
A horse lame behind will usually "hitch"
the quarter of the same side, so that it
conies a little higher than its fellow, as the
animal travels. Some badly gaited horses
hitch a little in traveling" fast, but the
lame horse usually "ducks" his head as
well. Thus, a horse lame in the ripht bind
leg will lower his head when IS« left fore
foot is brought to the groui.d. A horse
that is lame in one fore foot will lower the
head when stepping on the sound fore foot.
If lame in both fore feet he will probably
earn' his head as usual, but will step
short and quickly, and in standing will
keep up a constant shifting of his feet.
Such a horse should be trotted first upon
hard, then upon soft ground, and watched
for improvements in the latter case. If he
poes better in the soft ground you may be
sure he is lame in both lore feet. In shoul
der lameness the toe on the injured side
will be dragged a little in bringing tiiefoot
forward. In standing the foot will be held
Dack of its fellow, the knee bent and the
whole limb relaxed, swinging loose. When
tiie seat of trouble is the elbow the fore
nrm is extended, the knee bent and the
foot, resting upon its toe beside or a little
back of the other.
A horse with laminitis will walk on his
heels, and will go uown hiii more easily
than up. On the other hand, tne lame
ness of incipient navicular disease will be
more noticeable when the animal is going
down hill. A good deal may be learned
from a study of the way tbe shoes are
worn. In navicular disease the toe of tie
shoe wears first; in laminitis and ring
bone, the heels. This of the front feet. If
a horse is lame behind, and wears the toe
of the shoe, the cause is probably spavin.
The lameness from all these, except lami
nitis, usually disappears upon exercise.
If it persists it is probably the result of
some other cause, as sprain, corns, or in
juries to bone or ligaments. Laminitis,
or founder, is a disease of the feet, caused
by hard roads, by eating or drinking when
ai";uvu, 01 111.1111 MUiiuiii^ in a uiautui
when warm. The name founder is also
generally used to designate any rheumatic
trouble forward, whether in chest, feet or
tendons. When in the muscles of the
breast, however, it is called chest-founder.
"Wherever it is located it is incur.able and
constitutes serious unsoundness. Navi
cular disease is an ulceration of the navi
cular joint in the hoof. It is incurable,
but can be relieved by the operation of
"nerving," that is, cutting the nerve on
each side of the pastern. The disease goes
on, just the same, but the nerves being
severed the animal feels no pain and is,
therefore, not lame. A horse that has
been "nerved" is tolerably certain to be
knee-sprung in a very few years.
Ringbone is an excessive growth of bone
"just above the coronet, or on the upper
pastern joint. It is common in horses
with long, and consequently weak, past
erns and also in those with very short
pasterns, where there is always great con
cussion in traveling. There is stiffness of
the joint, the lameness is quite painful
and treatment produces only temporary
relief, the trouble appearing again almost
as soon as work is resumed. Ringbone is
more common in the hind than in the fore
feet.
"Bog," "blood" and "bone" spavins are
swellings on the inner side of the hock
joint. The first is an exudation of the
synovia! fluid from the joint. Blood
spavin is an aneurism, or sac of arterial
blood. Each of these is a result of bad
treatment, excessive work, or injury, and
is incurable. Bone spavin is a bony swell
ing more toward the front, on the inside
of the joint. It is sometimes curable, and
is the most frequent form of spavin.
Thoroughpin is a sac of syjiovial fluid
formed between the bones of the hock,
going thronsh from side to side. Curb is
a soft, painful swelling on the back of the
hind leg, below the hock.
. Our heavy horses in San Francisco are
very subject to a trouble known as "side
bones." This is an ossification of the elas
tic cartilages that form the lateral "wings"
of the bone of the foot. It is a result of
inflammation in the cartilages, causing
them to become absorbed and replaced by
bone. The result is a stiffness of step not
usually amounting to actual lameness, but
the elasticity of the tread is destroyed. In
many cases, however, the horses do go
very lame on. the hard pavements. The
trouble is easily detected by feeling the
wings of the bone of the foot. They
should be yielding and elastic, but if ossi
fication has takenplace they will be hard
and immovable. The high calks used on
the heels of the shoes these horses wear is
the most frequent cause of sidebones.
These calks prevent the heel from coming
to the ground, depriving it of motion, so
that the joints become solidified and stiff,
and also set up inflammation by undue
pressure and increased concussion at the
back of the foot.
It is possible that to the uninitiated the
foregoing may seem; perplexing and com
plicated, but a very little observation and
study of the feet and legs of a horse will
reveal the study to be a very simple one.
So simple indeed is it and so ample are
the opportunities for observation at every
curb along our streets, that it is a matter
for wonder that there should be so great
ignorance on the subject. Even our artists
do not seem able really to see a horse, as
witness the caricatures each and all who
essayed them gave us of the noble animal
at the spring exhibition. Yet, despite our
ignorance, often willful, there is scarcely
one oi us but deems himself quite compe
tent to assume control of the creatures,
when that control may mean suffering to
them and discomfort and loss to ourselves,
through our neglect to inform ourselves of
the essentials to their welfare.
Camera Club Exhibition.
The Camera Club gave its seventy-second Il
lustrated exhibition Friday night at Metropoli
tan Temple, "Childhood in Art and Literature"
being Intelligently dissected by Harr Wagner,
the lecturer of the evening. The stereoptican
views began with subjects taken from Amer
l ica, the lecturer explaining each picture with
an accurateness which evidenced thorough
knowledge of the subject. In rapid succession
followed views from France, Italy, Germany
and China, with some few illustrations from the
lesser civilized countries. Every seat m Met
ropolitan Temple was occupied, the audience
evidencing their appreciation of the subjects
j presented by frequent applause.
mSt
f\ smart Broadway, New
/ \ York, druggist has
this sign hanging outside
his store; it marks the
new era of drug selling.
Is it any wonder that he
has to enlarge his quar-
ters, that his clerks are
busy, and that his store is
one of the most popular
along the leading thor-
oughfare ? *
You can afford to trade
with a druggist that has
such a motto as that.NOVELTIES IN THE REALMS
FOR
SCIENCE, LITERATURE
AND
ART
I X J. he NEAL of Toledo, Ohio, ;
I /\ has invented a compressed air
I A-^\ bicycle, with which a mile has
JA >\. Q been made in 1 mm. 56 sec.
lis weight is about 35 pounds,
and the pressure employed furnishes one
horsepower. It makes considerable noise,
but the inventor hopes to overcome this
objection.
The National Capital Streetcar Motor
Company, Washington, D. C, is building
a streetcar motor to run by gas com
pressed in tanks, and will be manufac
turing motor-wagons by March of this
year.
Harry E. Pey of the Dey-Griswold Com
pany, 108 Fulton street. New York, in
ventor of ttie Dey electric system of pro
pelling vehicles, is at work upon an en
tirely new jas motor, to be used for charg
ing the batteries of his system at home or
taken on long journeys. He states that
his two-horse motor will wcign about
twenty pounds and will run with any hy
drocarbon oil or illuminating pas.
Barnum cfc Bailey's "Greatest Show on
Earth" is to exhibit" a Duryea motor wapon
through the country r.extseason.
James Fancher, an expressman doing
business between Bridgeport and West
port, Conn., wants to substitute a motor
wapon lor his present equipment.
George W. Miller & Co., of 1905 West
Farms road, New York City, have an order
LAND AND WATER VEIKCI.E.
for a motor delivery wagon with prospects
of farther orders, and would like to corre
spond with manufacturers of motors and
gears for transmitting power.
J. C. and Patrick Calhoun, two well
known New York capitalists who are
largely interested in the Euclid Heights
property, a fine buburbars allotment near
Cleveland. Ohio, are about to introduce a
line of motor stages to run from the center
of the city to the suburban site. The ve
hicles, which will be Bix in number, will
1 c of the Roger type, specially constructed
for the purpose, and will carry from ten to
fourteen persons each.
James A. Hockett, Sterling, Rice County,
Kans., has built a motor thrashing
machine, propelled and operated by a 16
-lsorsepower gasolene motor. This machine
is built upon much the same plan as an
ordinary steam thrashing machine. The
motor is under and between the large
drive wheels, and motion is transmitted
from a coewheel to the outsi.ie machinery
by a chain and sprocket. It does not re
quire as ruany hands to operate this
machine successfully as a steam thrasher
does, and the great saving of fuel is
another strong point in its lavor. It has
been thoroughly tested in practical opera
tions this fall, and a company has been
organized to put the "Hockett gasolene
traction engine" upon the market. — The
Horseshoe Age.
On T.uiml or Water.
Thore J. Olsen of Chicago has entered
the field of invention by producing a
vehicle adapted to both land and water
travel, says the Horseless Age. The lan
mechanism consists of three wheels, t
ranged in the usual tricycle form, slightly
modified, however, in the connection and
construction of its wheels. Suspended
from the axle of the driving wheels is a
pair of twin boats, of wnich the forward
end is carried by a yoke from the steering
post of the front wheel. These boats are
connected together rigidly, but may be
fietacbed from the tricycle in a moment
by opening ciasps which secure the boats
to the axle.
By means of the said rigid connection of
the boats great stability and thereby
safety upon the water is obtained, either
boat being large and strong enough to
require the full weight of two men to sink
it. The boats are therefore able to carry
the weight of three men with safety, and
on account of said rigid connection it is
practically impossible for the boats to be
overturned.
The steering wheel is between the bows
of the boats, and is webbed between the
spokes, thus becoming the rudder for the
water craft. The driving wheels are pro
vided with paddles, which are attached to
a hoop, so arranged that the spokes of the
wheels both aid in holding the paddles
in place and also in holding them in the
water. These attachments may also be
removed from the wheel very readily.
The wheels are driven by treadles" form
ing a chain and sprocket* wheel gearing
the same as now used on bicycles. Thus
it will be seen that this device is propelled
and managed with the same mechanism
whether it moves in one element or the
other.
In this vehicle the traveler may carry
his baggage and travel resardless of floods
of bridgeless streams, and the sportsman
may take his hunting or fishing tackle
and select his shady nooks or pools wnere
tbe wily linnies most congregate and in
vite them to his tempting bait, or the
fowler may secure his same within the
hold of his capacious boat and derive ad
vantages and pleasures which no other
single mechanism has yet offered.
The whole device "when completely
rigcevl, without load, weighs from sixty to
•ighty pounds, and is capable of consider
able reduction from this weight.
Recent changes and improvements have ]
added a gasolene motor for propulsion and
a screw propeller in place of the paddles
on the wheels, the latter also removable at
pleasure, and connected and disconnected
from the motor.
The inventor has many letters from
would-be patrons in all parts of the world.
Xcw Wave Motor.
William £. P. Ro?e of Angel Island is
the inventor of an apparatus for convert
ing the ceaseless, arbitrary movement of
the waves of the ocean into continuous ro
tary motion. The amount of power it will
produce will depend altogether on its size,
to which, apparently, there is no limit.
As in most wave motors, the power is
generated by the rise and fall of suitably
arranged floats. In the Rose machine
there are two floats, to each of which there
is a rod attached that extends upward to
a lever. There are two of these levers,
both naving the same shaft for their ful
crunis.
On ihe end of this shaft there 5s a
ratchet wheel and on each of the levers
is a pawl made to engage with it. It will
thus be evident that when one lever rises
it turns the shaft a corresponding dis
tance in a certain direction and when the
other lever falls it turns the shaft in the
same direction. As it is hardly possible
that both floats would move in the same
direction at the same time it follows that
the rotary motion must be almost con
tinuous. A heavy flywheel on the shaft
; is designed to take up any momentary in
termissions of force that may occur
through some erratic condition of'the bur-
I face of the water.
An ingenious arrangement on the float
| rods makes the machine self-adjusting to
: the changes of tide and also prevents dan
j per to the machine in case waves should
| rise to an unusual height. This is accora
j plis!;ed by a series of teeth in the end of
I the rod and a pawl that engages with
j them. When the rod reaches a certain
I height the pawl is automatically di-en
gaged. allowing the rod to sscend without
straining the machine. A similar arrange
ment, only working in an opposite direc
tion, allows the float to sink when the
tide falls and still continue to do its work
with the same length of stroke.
WAVE-POWER DEVICE.
THE SAX FJRANCISCO CALL, SUJNDAY, MAY 17, 1896.
It is intended that the machine shall be
erected witn the line of the two floats ex
ten<Ji;i!i across the breakers, 'i lie floats
will be fastened between metal columns,
which will allow free movement of the
waves and also prevent any lateral motion
of the lloats. If a series of these machines
were arranged side by side and connected
to the same shaft there is no reason why
they should not produce a continuous
rotary motion in one direction.
A Serpent That Devours Serpents.
The ophiopbagus or serpentivore of In
dia and adjacent countries— a reptile that
is especially interesting to zoologists by
reason of its great size, powerful venom,
ferocity and habit of feeding on its own
kind— is thus described in an illustrated ar
ticle in La Nature, by M. P. B. Juillerat:
The wisdom of nations, whose observa
tion nothing escapes, l.as formulated this
famous adage, "Wolves do not eat each
other,'" in the laudable intention of dem
onstrating that among animals man is the
only one who lives at the expense of his
kind. But the observation of nature has
played havoc with this adage, as with
many others, and the creature that we are
about to describe 13 one of those that cive
the rudest check to the old
formula. The savants call it ophiophagus,
other people the serpentivore; the names
are synonymous and both mean "serpent
eater. 1 '
The Ophiophagus claps or serpentivore
! is then a serpent — and a very venomous
serpent — that feeds on serpents. More than
this, its huge length, reaching four yards,
i makes it the giant of venomous serpents,
i and its venom, which is extremely
powerful, yields in nothing to that of the
1 most famous species.
It may be understood that the combina
| tion of such remarkable qualiiies has
struck with admiration the men that have
had opportunity of observing them. So it
is not surprising that the Hindoos gave it
the title of "King of Serpents." When the
Berpentiyore, they say, needs food, he be
takes himself to a clearing, raises himself
up with inflated neck, and whistles in a
peculiar fashion. Soon, from all. points of
the forest the serpents, who understand
this summons, come eliding up and range
themselves before their monarch, who
chooses the most toothsome, falls upon it
and devours it. The survivors, having
done their duty, then retire with all hu
mility, as befits submissive subjects.
Be this as it may, the Ophiophaeus claps
is one of tbe most splendid and most per
fect of venomous serpents. It is of an
olive-green hue, with white and blacic
markings of remarkable brilliancy. At
the slightest warning it raises the anterior
portion of its body, inflates its neck, and
bissea powerfully. Its huge length, its
sparkling eyes, its brilliant colors, make it
a creature of truly formidable appearance.
Add to this an extremely active venom,
whose quantity corresponds to the great
length of the creature, and the terror that
it inspires may be imagined.
Finally, and this ia the most serious fact
! of all, tne ophiophagus is not only the
most powerful of venomous serpents, it is
without doubt one of the most warliKe.
i Far from fleeing man like most reptiles, it
The Serpent- Eater.
attacks him, pursues him untiringly, and
is undeterred by any obstacle, Fince this
redoubtable monster adds to an uncom
mon decree of ability the faculty of swim
ming with great speed and of climbing in
the twinkling of an eye up the highest
treps. Cantor tells the story of an English
officer who was chased by an ophiophagus
:ind, on the point of being overtaken,
owed his safety only to a trick. He let
fall his hat and, while the snake fell with
fury on this inoffensive prey, he was en
abled to gain a safe retreat. Nicholson re
lates that he saw an elephant, bitten by
an ophiophagus, die in three hours.
Done on Bicycle*.
Last year it wns stated that a trick
bicyclist had ridden his wheel backward
from London to Brighton. He did not
turn the machine around but sat with his
face toward the reur wheel nnd the handle
bars accordingly behind him.
In IPB7 a couple of Englishmen, ani
mated by a queer mania for the odd, rodo
their wheels down to Dover and then took
a boat over to Goodwin Sands at iow tide.
They then proceeded to ride their wheels
along the sand as close to the water's edge
as possible and after thus riding on a por
tion of the earth where no one bad ridden
before, calmly went bnckand hnd tea.
In the early days of the wheel one man
made two or three trips on a 00-inch wheel.
A Coventry cyclist eclipsed that feat]
however, by appearing on a machine
about twelve feet in height. He appeared
so constantly that he grew to be no nov
elty and people soon tired of him and his
tower-like machine.
In the year IBM a trick-rider attempted
to ride down the t<teps of tho main en
trance on the east side of the Capitol,
Washington. His first essay was to at
tempt the descent upon an ordinary bicy
cle, and this was accomplished with com
parative ease. Next, he detached the
saddle, backbone and rear wheel, prepar
ing to ride down on the front wheel only.
This, however, was a trick that had been
the subject of no previous practice, and he
commenced by taking the steps in sec
tions. He had ridden down the last two
sections and was about to essay the com
plete de-cent from top to bottom when he
was stopped by the Capitol police. An
enormous crowd had assembled to watch
tliis feat, aud being disappointed, they
had nothing left bnt to howl at the police |
for having interrupted the sport. Some ',
years afterward — namely, in October, i
1891— he rode down the full length of the
same stepson a solid-tired bicycle.
Another freak was accomplished for a
small bet and micht easily have cost the
rider his life. During October, 18S7, a
member of an Amer can team of bicyclists
then making the tour of England rode the |
front wheel of his bicycle along the wall of
the north pier, Aberdeen. This wall was !
twenty-five feet In height and twenty
inches in breadth. The feat was one of
exceptional daring and skill and was cer- 1
tainly of a character to endanger the life
of the adventurous rider. There was a
boat in attendance below leady to render
any assistance in case of n«ed. Luckily, '
huwever, there was no hitch of any kind J
and the adventurous feat was accomplished 1
in a very short space of time. On ihe fol
lowing day the same rider repeated the
performance in the presence of about 300
people. Evidently he waa prepared lor
failure, because iie dressed himself in lizht 1
racing costume, which would have iu
eommoded him but little had he obtained :
an involuntary imrrersion. This daring
freak had its origin in a wager of £5.
Machine for Scrubbing.
The latest invention for lightening tbe
labors of the housewife has been patented
by Jonette Cowglll of Ottawa, Kans. The
general appearance of the machine is much
like a carpet-sweeper, and it ia intended to
be used in the same way — by being rolled
over the floor.
Mr. Cowgill's invention is a complicated
one, and the user would have to be some
thing of a mechanic to keep it in order.
The principal portion is a tank for con
taining the water or soapsuds with an
adjustable faucet to discharge them on
the floor. On the outside of this tank is a
spring mechanism that must be wound up
beforethe machine will work. It connects
with a shaft that has a cogwheel fixed to
it and is arranged to rotate a series of
brushes under the tank.
That portion of the shaft that passes
through the tank is made to move a num
ber of mops arranged on an endless
belt. They pass under the shaft and
then upward through a set of wring
ers that remove the surplus water.
From there they pass over a shaft and
down to tbe floor behind the brushes and
sop up the water they have left. The
mops then pass into the tank again, and
are rinsed then under the shaft and
through the wringers again indefinitely.
To use the machine it is only necessary to
li!l the tank, wind up the spring, open the
faucet and push it across the floor.
Ants I'Mecl by Surgeons.
In the Levant the Greek surgeons find
the ant a valuable aid in their operations,
and almost universally employ the busy
little creatures. The ant they use is a big.
Ants I'sed by Surgeons.
I strong fellow, much larger and stronger
than the ants we are accustomed to seeing
here. They have particularly Jar^e and
strong mandibles, which make them of
value to the surgeons, who use them in
holding together the sides of an incised
wound.
The Levantine surgeon never goes out to
attend an ordinary case without having
a few ants tucked away snusly in some
safe place about his per.-on. He produces
his knife and his ants at the same time,
and the patient regards the knife with
horror and the ants with satisfaction.
Having made the cut, the surgeon next
selects an ant from his collection. These
ants are vicious fellows and are fierce
fighters amon« their kind. For that reason
the surgeon handles them with a pair of
forcep?. Wiien the forceps close over the
ant he beeins to struggle at once. As he
fights with his mandibles they are thrown
wide optn. The ant will close them on
the first object with which he comes in
contnet. With his disengaged hand the
surpeon draws the edges of the wound to
gether. When they have been properly
arranged he places the ant near the cut.
The ant, eager for light, is ready to seize
anything. T.'ie surgeon holds it down
close to the edges of the wound, and the
powerful mandibles grip it on either side.
The surgeon holds the ant thus for a
couple of minutes, while the insect, hav
ing at last found something upon which to
vent his anger, gets a firmer grip. When
it lias secured a good, strong hold it gives i
up its life for science, because the surgeon j
very promptly cuts off its head. When
the head of the ant is removed the mandi
bles do not relax the grip they secured in
the edges of the wound before death.
Wounds so treated heal rapidly and with
out any further difficulty to either patient
or surgeon. — Chicago Chronicle.
To Spray Trees anil Flanta.
The invention of Joseph H. Potter of
Batavia, N. V., should prove of the great
est value to all tree and plant growers. It
is a combination machine adapted to all
kinds of work. Its construction is such
that it puts the spraying compound just
where it is wanted without wasting any.
The machine is simplicity itself.
Mounted on a two-wheel truck is a tank
for holding the sprinkling compound. In
the rear of the tank is a pump that can be
used to get up pressure aud also to force
the spray directly on the trees. In front
of the tank is a handle on the end of which
the spraying nozzles are attached. The
supply pipe runs along the top of the han
dle and is so arranged that the nozzles can
be changed and adjusted without inter
fering with it in any way.
This machine can be used to throw the
spray 011 the trees by handling like an
ordinary hose. By taking hold of the
handle the operator can direct the stream
in any direction, as the two wheels of the
truck will roll around behind him.
The machine can also be used to spray
small plants. To do this it is only neces
sary to set the end of the handle on the
ground and roll the truck between the
rows of plants. The front end of the han
dle is in toe form of a shoe that will slide
easily through the soil, and the nozzles
can be adjusted to throw the spray out
toward the sides and in any quantity de
sired.
New Marine Torpedo.
Louis F. Johnson, Walter J. Slack and
Howard Lacy, all of Kaston, Pa., are the
inventors of a novelty in the marine tor
pedo line. It is sureiy a simple contriv
ance, and would relieve the officers and
crews of warships of considerable work.
All there is to it is a combination of a
torpedo shell and an electro-magnet placed
in its prow. The idea is that when the
affair is loaded with dynamite and thrown
overboard it will at once be attracted
toward tbe nearest steel or iron vessel.
The force generated by the moving mass
will be sufficient to explode the dynamite
at the moment of contact. The excitement
of the electro-magnets is also intended to
be sullicient to work a small motor that in
turn will cause a propeller wheel to revolve
and thereby increase the speed and foice
of tbe torpedo.
Novel Centerboard Arrangement.
William King of New Orleans, La., has
patented a vessel that appears to be nearly
all centerboards. The inventor's Mea
seems to be to be able to adjust his center
boards according to the tack he is on.
There are three wells in the bottom of
the craft. One is In the center and the
others placed on the port and starboard
sides, respectively.
Within the corner well the main center
board is located. This is arranged to carry
two ether centerboards that are tongued
into it fore a:id aft. so that they can all
three be used atone time or they can be
used independently. The port and star
board centerboards are so arranged that
they can be used independently or in con
junction with the others in the center well.
There are enough ratchets, pawls, pulleys
and cranks about the contrivance to drive
even a sailor to distraction. These center
boards can be put into any form of boat
and can be steered by any sort of a rudder.
Niagara Power Knlargements.
Recently the third 5000-horsepower
generator has been erected in the central
station of the Niagara Falls Power Com
pany, making the total capacity of the
power-house at the present time about 15,
-000-liorsepower. This is to be increased
by the addition of seven more generators,
each of 0000-horsepowor capacity, which
will bring at) the total capacity to 50,000,
or one-half the total capacity of the tail
race tunnel. It is believed that means
will be adopted of placing the additional
generator? to be erected down in the big
wheel pits instead of the surface power
house, as at present. This method of
erection would save the expense of the 138
-feet shafts which now connect the turbines
with tbe generators.
To Make .Skirts Stand Out.
MaryJ. Colver of Frankfort, Indiana,
has come to the aid of her fashionable sis
ters who have trouble to make their dress
skirts stand out comrae il faut. Of course
those who can afford the fine fabrics wili
have no use for her invention, but it will
The Patent Skirt.
make the thinnest kind of goods lie in
the most perfect pleats, a feature that will
surely be appreciated by a great many.
The invention,eonsists of a skirt with a
«<ories of ribs run through it in such man
ner as to give the desired shape. It can bo
made for as many pleats as are desired,
and they can also be made in any degree
of fullness. Between each of the pleats in
the underskirt there are a series of hooks,
or other fastenings, that are made to fit
into corresponding eyelets in the dress
skirt. When the pleats are thus held in
place they will be as firm and smooth as if
lined with tin. The front portion of the
undergarment is of any desired material
and can be trimmed with ruffles to suit
the taste of the wrarer.
A Microphone to Measure the Telocity
of the Wind.
A novelty in modern scientific research,
by means of which the velocity of the
wind may be measured by the sound it
produces in a wire, has oeen called to the
attention of the National Academy of
Science by Professor liarus. lie asserts
that the whistling of the wind as it crosses
a wire varies with the velocity, and that
this can be computeu from the pitch of
the note observed for a eiven diameter of
wire and given air temperature. A micro
SPRAYING DEVICE.
phone attachment can be made to convey
the sound, isolated from other noises, to
the observer at a distance. Thus every
gust and variation of the wind can be
studied and an idea of the actual direction
of the gust can be had by means of the
sounds obtained from three wires placed
at right angles to each other.
Substitute for Horse Hair.
Of late years the dwarf palm, so abund
ant in Africa, has been profitably utilized
by French artisans, the leaves, it is stated,
furnishing 50 per cent of a fiber which is
extensively used as a cheap substitute for
horse hair, according to the following
process: The fiber is extracted either by
hand combing or by means of drums with
needles and knives worked by steam
power. The creen fiber is twisted or
cuiied in its raw state and finds
several applications. The black sort
is at first dyed in baths of sulphate
of iron and logwood, then twisted and
again dyed. This fiber, ie is alleged, pos
sesses two advantages over animal fiber,
which have led to its extensive employ
ment, it being exempt from insect destruc
tion and some 75 per cent 1. ss expensive
than horse hair. There are, it is said,
large works in Algeria, whore the leaves
arc bought in large quantities, and the
fiber cleaned on a commercial scale. In
Oran one factory prepares daily some
sixty bales of 200 pounds each. * In an
other, by a particular process, a firm pre
pares the material black and brilliant,
without smell or dust, at the rate of fifty
tons per month. As material for the
coarser descriptions of paper it has also
proved serviceable.
Various Notes.
In a London theater colored incandes
cent lights operated from the prompter's
box are used to give the signals for the
cues.
The Westminster Gazette says: Yester
day in Liverpool an inquest was held on a
laborer named Haymaa, who had been en
gaged in painting tne tanks of the steam
ship Servia with bituminous paint. The
men had to work alternately at the job in
consequence of the foul air or fumes from
the paint in the tanks. Haynian had a
naked candle, and by some means the
fumes from the paint became ignited and
he was badly burned. The foreman took
steps to rescue him, but an hour and a
half elapsed before this waa effected.
Haynian was terribly burned and delir
ious. Several men gave evidence as to the
effect of the fumes given off by the solu
tion, which made them drunk or delirious,
and unless a man was accustomed to it he
could not tolerate the fumes more than a
few minutes. The jury found that llay
rr.an died from burns accidentally re
ceived, and added that lights used in simi
lar tanks should be protected.
It is expected that Sir William Martin
Conway's expedition to Spitzbergen will
occupy altogether about three months.
The arrangements are not settled yet, but
it is probable that the party will leave
England early in Jun<\ and return at the
NEW TO-DAY.
For the Postage—A Sample of Famous
u *^ &0^ TeethuPßreath*
A sample of liquid Sozo-'.ont by mail, provided yon mention this publication and send three cent*
for postage. ■ Address the Proprietors of Sozodont, Hall <fe Ruckei, Wholesale Druggists New
York City. " '
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
BIG REDUCTIOI RITES BY RAIL
T0....
PORTLANp, OR.
MONDAY ...."..MAY 18,
And Kvcrv Fifth Dnv Thereafter.
Leave from S. P. Co.'s Ferry landing, foot
of Market St., at 8 p. m.
0 C II fl— Including Bertb. in Pullman Toar-
OUiUU Ist Sleeper.
....ALSO....
First-class tickets. Including berth in Ol A. 00
Pullman Standard Sleeper. <JDxU -
SPECIAL NOTICE.
This train will not stop to deliver or take on pas-
sengers at intermediate stations, nor will tickets be
sold or baggage checked to such points.
£^- Through Tickets for Pu^et Sound
point* on Sal« nt Kimlm.-.c] Rates,
For further Information apply at
613 MARKET STREET (Grand Hotel
Ticket Office), San Francisco.
RICH A ; . i T. H. GOODMAW,
Gen. Traffic Mgr^ Gen. Pass. Agt.
SOI'TUKRX PACIFIC COMPACT.
(PACIFIC) KVhTKM.)
Train* ir»ir !i»»i«l are 11110 to arrive al
MAN FKANCISCO:
leave — rno>r Hay 3, 1396. — ARRIVE
•G:OOa Nilcs, San Jose and Way Stations... 8:43 a
7:<>Oa Atlantic Express, «»£.leti and I'.ast.. 8:45p
7:00 a Bcnicii, Vacavilio, Rucscy. Sacra-
mento, and Redding via Davis. . . . 6:43 r
7:00 a Martinez, San Ramon, Xapa, Calls- »
tcgu, aud Santa Ilosa 6:15p
8:30 a Niks, Ban Jose, Stockton, lone.
Sacramento, Marysville, lied Ulitlt
and our: days ezceptedOroTille.... 4:15p
•9:30 \ r<.tiTs ami Milton «7:13p
9:«o v LO3 Angeles Express. Fresno, Santa
Uarbara. and l.n» Ai>2olib 4:45p
9:00.v Mar: inez and Stockton lOr 15 a
9:OOa Vallejo 0:15p
l:OOp Nile*, San Jose and Liverraore *:l.V\
•I:O»p Sacramento Itiver Steamers «!»:OOr
1 1 :3Op Port Costa and Way Stations t~:*5P
4:00p Martinez, s.-.n Uamon. Vallejo.
.-■■•'/■. Naps, Calistoga, El Verano and
Hantaßaa 9: 15 a
*:••? Bor.icia, Vaciviilo, Woodland,
Kuiphts T.ai!i'!i!)g, Marysville,
ornvillc and Sacramento 19:15 a
4:3«p Nilcs, San Jose, Liveimore and
Stockton 7:lSr
4:30* Merced, Berenda, Raymond (for
YoscraHe) and Fresno 11:43 a
5:99p Now Orleans l.xpi. n.l'resiio.Bakers-
C.olO, Santa llaibara.lxis Angeles.
• ' . • Kerning, El l'aso, NcuOileansantl
East 1O:13a
5:00p Santa I'd ttotlte, Atlantic Express
forMojate ami East 10:15 a
5:«0p Vallcjo 1I:«A
6:oot> European Mail. Ogdcn and East.... 9:45 a
6:OOrTlayn-anl2i, Niks ami Sau Jose 7:45 a
J7:o«r Vallejo 17:45p
TtMrOrecon i;.trfPS3,Sarranicnto, Marjs-
ville, Redding, l'oitlaml, P;iget '
Houmlaml East 19:45 a
SAM A <!iaiZ I>l VISION (Narrow Vans?).
}7:43 a Santa Crur. union. Hanta Cruz
and Iriccpil Wcy Stations , J9:osp
8:1 5a Mfivarl:.Oi»tcrvilio,S;in .lose, Fi'lton,
Boulder Creek, Santa Cruz and Way
Stations 3i59p
•3:13p Newark, Ccntcrville, San Jose, New
Almaden, Felton, lioulder Creek,
Hauta- Cm/, and Principal Way
Stations •11:89.<
4:15r Newark. San .I<>so and Los Uatos.... 9:59 a
COAST I>IVISU>> Ulilnl .V lomiscml Sts.)
•0:45 a Sati .lose and Way stations (New
Almaden Wednesdays only) # 1:43p
!~:<Ma. Sunday Excursion ■ for San Jos*>,
Hir.ta Cruz. I'iicifio drove, ami
Principal Way Stations 13:33 t
8: 1 If a Ran Jnsc, Ttm Itnoß, Santa Cruz,
PaciUo drove, Paso Rubles, San
' J.-.iis Oliispo, Guadah;;>o mid Prin- •
cipal \V:iy HUtioun 7:05p
:9:47a Palo Alto and Way Stations t*:4sp
IO:4O.\ San Jose and Way Stations.... .1:OOp
11:43 a Palo Alto and Way Stations 3t3op
•2:3t>r San Jose, Gilroy, Trcs Pinos, Santa
Cruz, Salinas,Montcrey and Pacific
drove •I0:4«a
•:i::»«r* San Joso ami Principal Way stations M:47a
•■ls3or San Way btati0u5......... *H:OOa
3:3oi> San .Time and Way Stations "B:4Ha
O::i»i- Jose ami Way 5tati0n5......... r»:RSA
♦ ll:4oi» San .loacand Way Stations T~:-i.~ip
' SAX LK.I?t»KO AMI HA\WAKI)S LW.'AL.
«*6:«Oa"| C 7:15 a
8:OOa ta:-ISA
iHoa Melrwe, Seminary Park, iVliiit
«*£• C hbnr ,S.HLcaadr9 "fjjg*
:t:()Or , --a J 4:15p
'1:00? *" . Ma 1 3:40p
■»:O<)r .._. , O:l«p
rS:3Op , Haywar«s. 7:15p
7:« Op • ■. R:4sp
H:00p ,_ .■'•• .: ; _, ■'■.•:-'■■■'': !,..'.
O:OOp' * Runs through to Niles. 10.50i>
tTll:lsp J < From NUca. [ t(B2:OOr
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
From SiN FRaKCIECO — Foot of Market Street (Slip —
•7:16 0:00 11:00 a.m. Jl:00 *2:00 J3:00
•4:03.. , to; 00 •C;3Or.M.
From OiKUBO— Foot of Broadway.— *6:00 8:00
10:00 a.m. HIM) *1:00 t8:00 *3:CO tl:sfl
*5:00p.v. ••-■••
- A for Morning. , • for Afternoon.' .
• Sundays cxccptcd. i Saturdays only.
~"\t Sundays only. ■ ■
1 it Monday. Thursday and Saturday nights only. ■ .
end of September. This practically im
plies the period of the year during which
Spitzbergen is open to tne sea. A good
j deal of interest attaches to the expedition,
1 for at present the interior of Spitzbergen
is not well known to us.
We hear, says Invention, that an enter
prising firm, by name Messrs. Heidsieck,
are very anxious to negotiate with some
one who can hinder champagne corks
j from absorbing the wine. Many improve
; ments, it is said, have been made in corks
during the process of champagne roanu
i facture, but we hear that the firm is so
I anxious 10 obtain the ideal article that
they offer 100,000 francs, equivalent to
i £ 40C0, for an invention of this kind, which,
! however, must be simple as well as ef
! fectnal.
It is suggested that the drying of fruit,
which requires great care and a certain
regulation of the temperature, offers a
! promising field for electric heating. Fuel
for heating by steam is often expensive,
but fruit districts usually have abundant
I water-power that could be used for driving
! dynamos. The electric current would
prove serviceable in a variety of ways, in
addition to heating.
Slight tapping of the forehead over the
; nose and eyes with a rubber hammer is
: the remedy proposed by iJr. Bchnee for in
! cipient colds, with heavier tapping in
. chronic catarrh. The first contracts the
j blood vessels, and the second dilates them
and favors a secretion of mucus.
The French, as a Ration, are in advance
of other peoples in their application of
chemistry to food. Many people cannot
j drink chocolate at a-1 but are able to eat it
; with no harmful results. The French
1 recognize that chocolate, like bread, re-
I quires for its assimilation the chemical
I action produced by mastication. The
iittle school children there may be seen
enjoying their daily lunch of bread or
rolls and a bar of plain chocolate.
Professor Hajak of Vienna has declared
that those who smoke are less liable to
diseases of the throat, such as diphtheria,
than non-smokers in the ratio of one to
twenty-eight. It is known that smoking
is positively forbidden in bacteriological
laboratories because it hinders the devel
opment of bacteria.
In horses, says Our Animal Friends, the
i pulse normally beats forty times per mm;
-; ute; in an ox from fifty to fifty-five times
I and in sheep and pics it beats seventy or
i eighty times a minute. It may be felt
■ wherever a large artery passes over a bone.
In the horse, for instance, it is usually felt
in the bony ridge above the eye, or on the
cord which passes over the bone of the
: lower jaw in front cf its curved posiiion.
1 The beating of the heart may be felt in
I cattle over the middle of thetirstrib, while
i it is ascertained in sheep by placing the
■ hand on the left side. Any appreciable
; variation from the number of beats given
above may justly be regarded as a symp
tom of disease. If the pulse is rapid, hard
: and full it is an indication of inflamma
tion or of hicih fever; if rapid, but faint
and not easily felt, loss of blood, weakness
;or low fever are indicated. If it is irregu
lar heart trouble is probably the cause,
; while brain disease is usually accompa
: nied by a slow pulse. Tbe pulse is a relia
-1 ble index of the health of an animal.
RmSOAJ TRAVEi;
SAi\FRAi\CISCO & SORTH PA-
CIFIC RAILWAY CO.
Tlburon Ferry— Foot of Market St.
San Francisco to San Rafael.
WEEK DAYS— 7:3O, 9:00, 11:00 a.m.: 13:33.
3:30, 6:10, 6:30 'p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:50
and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 7:3O, 9:30, 11:00 a. it; 1:30, 3:3 ft
6:00, 6:20 p. m.
San Rafael to San Francisco.
WEEK DAYS-6:16, 7:50, 9:10, 11:10 a. it-
-12:45, 3:40, 5:10 p. M. Saturdays— Extra trips
at 1:55 p. M. and 6:35 P. m.
8UM 7:86, 9:0.>, 11:10 a. m.; 1:40, 3:40,
6:00, 6:25 P. m.
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park same
schedule as above. •
L ' e * vo in „».„,. Arrive '
San Francisco. April 2. Ban Francisco.
Wekk i Sun- 9 a 6 t.ou. SI7J> *- i^'^"
Days. | days. " e sunatiou. PAYB- | Days>
7:30 am 7:^o am [ Novato, 10:10 am ! 8:40 ax
3:30 pm 9:31) am I'etaluir.a, 6:05 pm 10:10 ax
5:10 pm 5:00 pm Santa Rosa, 7:30 pm 6:13 pm
j Fulton,
7:30 am Windsor, . 10:10 Ail
Healdsbunr,
Geyservllle,
3:30 pm 7:30 am Cloverdale. 7:30 pm l 6:16 px
Pieta,
7:Soam Holland & . 10:10 am
3:30 pm 7.30 am Ukiah. 7:30 6:15 pm
7:30 am j 10:10 am
7:30 am Guernevllle. 7:30 pm
3:30 PM| I 6:15 pm
7:30 a m 7:30 am; Sonoma 10:40 am 8:40 am
5:3 otm 5:00 rMj and 6:05 pm 6:15 pm
i I Glen Ellen.
7. : 2°, A 7:B "* M ' SebastODol '10:40 am|10:10 am
S:3OPMIS:OOrM| 3topol. ( ti:os PM [ 6:15 ps(
Stages connect at Santa Rosa tor Mark West
Springs; at, Geysarvllle for Skaggs Springs; at
Cloverdale for the Geysers; at Pleta for Hl<nlauU
Springs, Kelseyville, Soda Bay and '.Lakeport; at
Hopland for I.akeport and Barrett Springs: at
Ukiah for Vichy Springs, Saratog 1 Springs, Blue
Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake, Upper Lsuce, Porno. Potter
Valley. John Day's. l.ierley's, Bucknell's, Sanhed-
rin Heights, Gravelly Valley. Boonevllle, Green-
wood, Orr's Hot Springs. Mendoeino City, Fort
Braes, Westport, Usal. Willets, Canto Covelo.
Laytonvllle, Harris, Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at reduoed
rates.
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all points b«.
fond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices, 650 Market st., Chronicle- bulldln*
H.C.WHITIXO. R.X. RYAN,
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent.
Atlantic "^^^>
Pacific otiS3h
BAIL.RO AD r '.- V ' "; J- -&&gsj
Trains leave from and arrive <V*?Psfp\^]£tHpfj
at Market-Street Ferry.
SANTA FE EXPRESS
To Chicago via A. & P. D ! rec **-»"?
Leaves ever? day at 5 p. m ■• ,™«/»"? o p « l "£•
Palace Sleepers and Tourist S^epew to
via Kansas City without change. . Annex cars tot
Denver and St. Louis. ... .-^r^r* • '."■
CHICAGO LIMITED,
From Los Angeles to Chicago.
Solid Vestibule Train Daily, with Dining-cars,
■Dder Harvey management. Connecting trains
leave San Francisco at 9 a. m. and 5 p. M. dally.
Th« best railway from California to the East.
Hew rails, new ties: no dost: interesting scenery
and food meals in Harvey's dining-room or dials*
****" Ticket ifice-644 Market Street,
■ Cbruuicls £u>l(UO2, .
NORTH PACIFIC (OAST RAILROAD
. (Via Saugalito Ferry).
1 from San Francisco, Commenting March 29, 189 a.
- • WEEKDAYS.
For Mill Valley and San Rafael — 7:00. »8!00
•9:16 10:16, 11:45, a., m.: »1:45, 8:20, 4:15,
5:16, •«:00. 6:35 p. M.
Extra trips for San Kafael on Mondays, Wedae»
days and Saturdays at 11 :30 p. M.
SUNDAYS. .
For Mill Valley and Han Rafael -*8:00, »9:00,
•10:00.11:30/. M.;«»1-.'.3J. '1:30, *2:15, *4:00,
6:30, 6:45. 8:oO p. m. F..\iru trip to SausalUoM
- 11:00 a. m. .
Trains marked • run to San Quentln. ••12:3*
P.M.does net run to Mill Valley. • " ,\
THROUGH TRAINS. , .
1:45 p. m. weekdays— Cazadero and way stations,
8:00 a. v. Sundays— Cazadero and way stations.
9wQ a. v. Suudnya— point Reyes ana wayatationsj
2930
P^ST* 5^ HE exodus continues and on all
sides the attractive features of our
various summer resorts are being
}\ discussed, and most of them
will be well patronized all the
coming season provided the managers re
member that people decline to live on
BCenery and fresh ;tir. On the contrary,
they expect seasonable fruits and vege
tables, game and fish to be presented to
them in an appetizing manner.
The San Rafael wedding is a thine of
the past, and how well was everything ar
ranged I The bride was lovely in her
stately gown and her maids received many
compliments on their chic frocks. All
allusions to the wedding presents, etc.,
are unnecessary, as we have heard about
i hem at considerable length.
Several very pleasant luncheons have
been given this week and two pretty din
ners. Tne San Francisco season usually
is opened by a charity ball, and I hear that
the Youns: Ladies' Orchestra, before dis
banding for a vacation, has decided to give
a concert, bo as to endow a bed in the Lit
tle Jim ward at the hospital. We may ex
pect a musical treat, and most of us will
be only too glad to contribute our mite on
the 28th inst. toward so good an object.
These voting women have frequently aided
othersin furthering cnaritable objects, so
it is to be hoped that much interest will
he manifested by every one in their truly
Christian endeavor.
i . r. i>n and white weddings are extremely
popular, the maids looking quite charm
ing in most shades of green, which act as a
foundation for fleecy mousseline de soie or
organdy, to which are tied great
bunches of roses. Long streamers of
green satin are a pretty addi
tion. It has been decided that noth
ing makes quite so smart a gown for a
garden party as embroidered canvas, and
in Paris, at the Vaudeville, Mile. Sorel
wears a costume of this embroidered in
silver poppies, and over this unusuul com
bination Parisian women are fairly ravine;.
A Russian princess, now visiting that cap
ital, was recently admired in a silky white
canvas confection, which was covered with
a quantity of wisteria worked with mar
velous skill. Her hat, of a rich golden
Straw, was trimmed with the same blos
soms, which also covered her parasol.
Mohair suits are being worn, and very
appropriately, to the races. They are in
ail cases strictly tailor made, and are
usually light in color and always perfect
in fit.
There is a feeling of deliehtful excite
ment in Paris over the creation of a new
garment by one of the principal couturiers.
It is said" to be something between the
Louis Seize and the Valois in style, and
i> tailed a "corssge-conconrs." For its
evolution either brocaded pekine or a rich
flowered satin is employed and slashed so
as to reveal an incredible quantity of
precious lace flounces, which fall in per
fumed cascades over the skirt and about
the neck and wrists. Now every woman
who considers herself fashionable is order
ins one of these expensive and chic trifles,
wnich depend for their beauty on so many
little things.
Paquin must of late have had a customer
v.itu a very beautiful classic throat, for
"the collariess gown," a decided novelty,
emanates from his establishment. The
bodice of one of these frocks is described
as beine full in front and round, belted
with white satin, a flame- red satin bow on
the left. A deep white lisse-plisse edged
with point d'Angleterre rolled over the low
neck as a finish, "leaving a plain space of
three inches in front, which was the
artistic touch not to be overlooked or
tampered with. A brooch, bow or orna
mer.t of any kind would destroy that effect
instantly."
From all the most noted Paris ateliers
are sent out very elegant gowns and coats
tiiis season which have revers of pique
or full linen.
For a youthful grandmother is recom
mended a gown of black grenadine
plaided with black satin in medium
squares. It may be made over any
brightly covered changeable taffeta, but
one changing from crimson to green gives
general satisfaction. I have just read
that one such dress had the skirt
"niched on the bottom with a narrow bias
quilling of grenadine. The bodice was
draped toward the center in front and
caught there by two handsome Strass but
tons. The back was plain and the black
grenadine corselet pointed top and bottom
gave the waist a willowy slenderness. The
sleeves were of the latest model and the
tight-fitting silk sleeve was trimmed with
drawn black chiffon, while the shoulder
puffs were of grenadine caught uoby three
Strass buttons each. Chiffon choker with
lapels of grenadine turned over showing
their gay lining."
A girlish frock is spoken of as very
fetching in "The Rogue's Comedy," and is
of the new transparent biscuit colored
canvas through which is seen the founda
tion of pale blue silk. It is richly in
crusted with lace and insertion, many rows
of the open lace being used upon the skirt.
With it is worn a picture nat covered with
blue and white tulle, the aigreite being of
flowers.
New York stores offer many such novel
ties, but in all cases a single artistic touch
must be well paid lor. Our merchants are
now showing many beautiful novelties
which in price certainly compare favorably
with tiiose East, as they do in many other
important respects.
The many maidens who are so shortly
to graduate are having prepared for them
confections of varied fabrics, but the most
charming are deliciously simple, girlish
affairs. The greater number are to be of
snowy muslin, or mousseline de soie, over
silk or satin of the same whiteness. How
ever, those who cannot afford to pay
madame's prices and have never yet iiad
a gown silk lined will be quite as sweet
and pretty, if not so stylish, in the sown
planned and made at home, for not infre
quently even better results are thus ob
tained, as what dressmaker would cheer
fully take to pieces a bodice a dozen times
to tain the desired effect, and yet a mother
will joyfully do so if another arrangement
will in any way increase I er daughter's
beauty or end some defect. One of our
most successlulbelles here (she made her
debut not so very Ion;: ago) has not a par
ticie of figure, and yet she always
lias a certain air and • style. Her
gowns lit her to absolute per
fection, and yet her parents cannot
l*y for her gowns from even a very rea
sonable woman, so her mother simply
THE LATEST FASHION
GOSSIP FOR WOMEN
AND MEN
' slaves to obtain these results, and spares
I neither time nor pains over each dainty
j garment. 1 used to think her a most un
i interesting woman. My opinions have
undergone a change since then. But to re
turn to the graduates; not all of them mi
i tend to be arrayed in vestal white, as
! many prefer the very tempting figured
organdies, and some of them are quite the
most lovely things I have seen for a long
time.
Let me describe some of the very latest
which are direct from New York and
originally from Paris that have a white
ground, over which are scattered the most
natural of bluebells, and one with an
ivory ground is covered with the tiniest
little baskets from which the dearest and
smallest roses appear to be about to
fall. Tne flowers well cover the creamy
surface, ana this fabric is to be used
in the composition of a graduation
dress for a "petite bas bleu," noted
for her tasteful wardrobe, and in her
case such a gown will be infinitely more
becoming than the regulation sort. Num- i
berless are the yards upon yards of
lace which will be consumed in the beauti
fication of this conception. But one of the
most expensive and exquisite graduation
gowns I have yet seen is a mass of drawn
work, Valenciennes, insertions and frills.
No wonder the bridesmaids who assisted
at the weddings of the week chose
organdy and lace over rose pink glace.
They knew perfectly what would be" most
becoming, and let "me advise those who
announce that they would not b<- seen in
such cheap little frocks to price the
organdy, lace, ribbons and silk that enter
into the composition of one. and they will
never again make such remarks. Many of
last winter s debutantes are taking with
them to Newport and other fashionable re
sorts dresses for informal dances of white
diamante satin ana mousseline de soie.
Flowers appear in almost all such toilettes,
and for the moment lilies of the valley are
in the greatest favor; not infrequently
are sprays of diamonds intermingled with
these simple flowers, although young
women for the most part affect pearls.
Tulle skirts now are often seen embroid
ered with tiny sprays of flowers, and Hebe
bodices are worn by all to whom the style
is becoming, and "the bntterllv sleeve is
again in favor. Accordion-pleated tulle
and mousseline are much used for all
sorts of purposes.
Belts are so extensively worn of every
description that the latest of untarnish
able gold galon, fastened with a beautirul
enameled buckle in oriental colorings
and in rococo style, will be appreciated ;
however, the rich buckles of oxidized sil
ver, representing cupids reveling among
roses, are choice and artistically admir
able. A belt of dark-green alligator skin
mounted in gold is a useful and certainly
ornamental possession, which will be ap
propriate with many gowns, as will also
be those of brown heather; and by the by,
girls, narrow belts are stylish, but not
those which are so narrow as to give the
effect of a string tied around the waist. I
saw such a one the other day.
Speaking of alligators' skin reminds me
that there was a scarcity of baby alligators
caught last year; as a result a man made
a corner in the market, so for an alligator
cardcase, which takes the entire body
covering of one of these animals, we have
to pay a decidedly steep price, but they
are very fashionable and not likely to be
come common, and besides are warranted
to wear forever, not a necessary recom
mendation when we consider that the
styles change in everything with such dis
tressing rapidity.
Scarcely can we find a single smart
dress about which there is not some em
broidery, for even the severe tailor gown
has also vest gayly worked, but naturally
the most beautiful figure on evening
dresses, and there is a new tricote material
in gold, thin and transparent, adorned with
bouquets in silk embroidery, which faith
fully reproduce nature's "tints. A straw
called Japanese straw, in black, white and
colors, is seen in both day and evening
dresses. Claw settings for rhinestones
are new, ana jet steel and iridescent
paillettes are mingled witii most sat
isfactory results, as are also pearls
and silver and steel with silver. Turqouise
blue is seen more with gold than with
silver, and the effect produced by embroid
ering a turquoise blue velvet bodice with
gold is all that can be desired. Skirts are
now, especially those intended for evening
wpar, made with richly embroidered
fronts. Some white satin skirts have just
been made (by a famous Paris bouse) with
perpendicular bands of gold galon one
inch wide and between these are truly
artistic bunches of flowers, wrought in
silk.
Numerous light satins are adorned with
clusters of flowers done in silver, and
many of the newest brocades have the ;
portion which forms the front of tne skirt
outlined with <:old thread and paillettes, j
and beautiful are the trimmings that j
adorn the bodices which complete such
skirts and "quite new is a loose, oblong
pices of thin material covered all over
with iridescent sequin embroidery, con
tinued from the siioulders to the waist,
and sufficiently transparent for the figure
to be seen through it!" It would indeed
be difficult to surpass in richness and
beauty of design the trimmings and orna
ments which figure on many of the so
railed simple trucks.
Distinct waists are in great demand and
some of the newest are of the pinafore
shape and are to be seen of ti:e finest em- i
broideries on muslin, net and mousseline '
ile soie. One especially attractive is made ;
over rose plush silk. A jabot of lace or
naments the front and at the back appears
a bow enriched with od'ily colored pail
lettes. Those of the finest black and white
striped organdy over white silk are ex
ceedingly chic. They are usually enriched
with an applique of lace, black being used
on white and white on black with almost
equally good results, and paillettes usually
appear on some part of the garment. The
queer shade of old rose colored shot silk is
quite the thing and is frequently combined
with white for very fetching dinner bod
ices. This same silk is used as a founda
tion of Arabesque embroidery in which
black velvet is applique and outlined with
gold and tiny jewels. Chintz and floral
colorings prevail and equally attractive
are tne colorings and patterns of the
renaissance period. Renaissance lace
trims many 01 the most beautiful fichus.
They are made of the sheerest and most |
expensive fabrics.
Our bodices are to be pointed and the
points are to be very long. They will not
end at the waist line, for a fold or rouleau
of tiie same material carries them slightly
over the hip aud "is continued to the
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY 17, 1896.
back, where there is often a battlemented
basque." Even our favorite full bodices
are pointed and for about two inches
above the waist line the center seam opens
and the material is let in to form sseto c t
folds, which extend to the throat. For
evening bodices the tulle or mousseline de
soie sleeve is generally used. They are
usually formed of a number of ruilles or
flounces and these give a delightful effect.
Sometimes, however, a foundation of silk
! or satin is used for the ethereal fabrics.
Louis XV bodices are beginning to come
into favor and some have and some have
not the familiar ba?que back, which is
nairow and slightly pointed in front,
having a "distinct embroidered stomacher,
always of a different color and generally
of a "different material." This style de
mands longer sleeves, so not infrequently
they extend to the elbow in tiny puffs.
Nothing is quite yo charming for the short
sleeves as real old cobwebby lace.
How frequently do we mis'* the graceful
j movement which is one of the results pro
! duced by a true artist and gives a distinc
tive air to the simplest garment.
The very stylish gown which is given
this week, of light fawn colored alpaca,
STYLISH CALLING GOWN OF ALPACA.
has pipings of green glace silk. The un- !
der sleeTes are tight titting and terminate
in Venetian cuffs. The over sleeves are of
pale green glace silk, finished with a
ruche of chiffon, edged with silk. These
sleeves are very peculiar, and start from
th»; armhole seam and not from the collar,
thus leaving the pretty outline from neck
to shoulder, and are carried round the
back un der a strap. The vest is of the 1
chiffon, further ornamented with an ap
pliaue of lace. The bodice is completed
with ornaments of buttons and jet passe
menterie, which trirumins; occurs again in
each of the front seams of the skirt.
The cape illustrated i«* of a gray glace
silk shot with pink. It has a Dorder of ex
quisitely embroidered raousseline de soie.
The embroidery is one of the latest novel
ties—silver and gold, pink and gray silken
threads being used to produce the truly
lovely result which appears again on the
cape in points. The ruche and scarf are
edged with embroidery. The lining is of
a rose pink, and the hat of transparent
black lace, with a ruche of the same. The
butterflies are of sequins, beautifully
shaded. Roses peep from under the brim,
and black ostrich tips complete it.
Thp wedding gown of the Princess Alex
andra iB given, for its perfect and elegant
simplicity makes it of Bpecial intereet. It
is of a white moire, which has a silvery
sheen, and falls like the richest velvet, so
its name of moire velours is most appro
priate. The skirt has a long rounded train,
and is embroidered all round in silk and
silver with conventional myrtle and orange
blossoms in little clusters, and the eye is
i carried from one to the other by sweeping
r.hains and pearls set on long disks of
frosted silver, which gives a sparkling
effect. The bodice is pointed and edged
with two rows of silvsr-sewn pearls. The
berthe is most effective, being of white
ailk muslin embroidered with orange blos
soms, and has dainty little sprays and
clusters of the typical flowers laid in and
falling below it so that t> c result is
uniquely beautiful and natural. The
small puff sleeves ere of the same fabric
as the ruche and some sprays of the
natural flowers fell over them. At the
left side the bride wore at the waist a
cluster of blossoms and from it fell three
trails of flowers of difierent lengths and
they extended halfway down the skirt.
In concluding the d scription, I quote
| the remarks of a correspondent who was
| present at the wedding: "From a small
j wreath of orange blossoms and myrtle on
the Princess' shapely head fell a long
transparent tulle veil in graceful folds.
| The Baoeß were white satin, embroidered
with real pearls in a thistle design, and
the petticoat worn under the dress was of
gleaming white satin, with two deep lace
flounces set on with satin bows. An ex
quisite littJe mantle made for the bride to
wear as she walked through the great
rooms and corridors on her way to and
from the chapel was made of the same
white moire velours as the gown, and
treated with pearls and silver in a similar
fashion. At the backthere was a Watteau
pleat and on either side of it pointed bands,
enriched with pearls and lrosted silver,
while the full wings that protected and
covered the arms had several wavy rows
of silver and pearls arranged horizontally.
The front very nearly corresponded with
the back. Princess Alexandra's bridal
jewels were fine pearls and diamonds.'*
It is reported that alpacas of all sorts,
both the finest and coarsest in texture,
have advanced in price, although they
have decidedly decreased in popularity. I
am delighted at this news, for one lias but
to wear an alpaca dress for say a week and
thej' will heartily wish something would
happen to it. Of course iam not alluding
to the $2 50 per yard ones; they are good.
I almost like the $3 50 ones which have
lately appeared and been placed on the
market; but I prefer the exquisitely fine
covert coatings which are to be had in
most attractive colorings and most beauti
ful in texture. I have just seen a new
weave of cloth which is admirable. The
background is of a fine texture, over which
tiny parallel lines run. The lines are of an
odd, subdued brownish hue, and the sur
face which they cover shows a mixture of
two shades of brown and a dark odd shade
of green. This cloth has all the claims of
novelty, and will make a serviceable and
handsome gown. It is $2 75 per yard.
A stylish tailor suit can be easily evolved
from a tweed in which moss green and
tan are mixed by having the jacket pro
vided with revers, cuffs and waistcoat by
a harmonious shade of brown in one of
the new cloths.
A white crepe or Panama hat is one of
the most useful the summer girl can in
vest in, as by changing its ribbons or flow
ers haif a dozen apparently entirely differ
ent hats can be evolved. Light, dark and
medium shades of green are much sought
lor in hats, and green wheat, ivy or
mignonette are seen on many an imported
chapeau. A sensible hat in wheat-green
Knclish straw has a line of black fancy
straw under the brim. It is trimmed with
a short pink ribbon and a bunch of black
quills.
I am very thankful to say that paste and
rhinestone buckles and ornaments of all
kinds are entirely out of style among fash
ionable dames; real jewels now only are
tolerated.
For a fair young girl a hat of pale green
straw having a wide brim trimmed with a
full ruche of white and green tulle and an
aigrette of white sweet peas is dainty and
becoming. For the country a <*00l and
shady hat is trimmed with a bunch of
very perfect shaded roses tied with a bow
of green satin ribbon. The bat it
self is of a creamy satin straw. Large
black hats are in great demand, and the
newest have transparent net or sequin
crowns, and frequently a ruche of chiffon
is placed round the brim.
A bright girl here has a truly dis
tractingiy lovely collection of chateaux,
all trirmned by her own deft fingers,
among which I admired a large brown one
adorned with another and a darker shade
of tulle. Violets appeared here and there,
and a bunch rested on her hair. An
aigrette of wild oats completed it. One of
her black hats has a net crown and a great
bow of pompadour ribbon in front, which
is black, with most unusual figures in
green. A cechepeigne of pink roses
gives the finishing touch. One reason this
youthful maiden makes such a success of
her headgear is becnnse she thoroughly
understands her own style, and compara
tively few women seem to comprehend
what is and what is not suitable to their
style. I have in my mind's eye at present
a sweet, meek-looking little woman, a
Quakerish bit of a mother, who seems to
fairly delight in the most aggressive and
pronounced hats, which never Jook as
though they could by any possibility be
long to her. Poor little thing, I believe
she is persuaded by unfeeling clerks to
purchase their most hideous and unsal
able monstrosities. It is well to note that
all extravagant and overloaded hats are
entirely out of style, the moet simple, if
in perfect taste, being greatly in vogue.
Not long ago I saw a young woman in a
most satisfactory tailor dress, with which
she wore a really* absurd bonnet, one only
suitable for the "theater, being a combina
tion of tulle lace and seauins with a flower
aigrette. Besides, fancy a bonnet with
a tailor dress! Why, it is just as
ridiculous almost as it would be to wear a
sailor hat when in full evening dress at
the opera. There are hats to be had for
all ages, excepting for our grandmothers,
so bonnets are less worn than ever before.
A Panama or one of the new sailors, with
a bow at one side, and some quills, are
good hats for morning wear as well as for
traveling. Little girls are fetching mor
tals in chapeaux merely adorned with
ribbon and roses, as tulle is too perishable
for such purposes.
The Vienna style of having a snow-white
harness enriched with silver has taken
immensely in Paris. As a result a young
Duchess was lately seen in the Bois driv
ing a white lacquered phaeton drawn by
two beautiful horses caparisoned with
white and silver. The fair matron was in
white from head to foot. The effective
ness of this idea can readily be imagined.
Most brides who have received much
THE BRIDAL GOWN OF PRINCESS ALEXANDRA OF COBURG.
silver on the occasion of their wedding
have also been presented with silver
chests. As a result muci attention has oT
late been given to such receptacles, and
now most elaborate and excellent chests,
costing from $200 to $2000, can be had.
One of the latest ideas carried out in sil
ver is representations, in oxidized silver,
of terrapins. These are to be had in indi
vidual dishes, and in large ones also.
The latest toilet article are of the Bur
mese finish of gold. This finish is quite
the thing, and is said to give a dull bronze
effect. Marcella.
FOR MEN.
White glov»s, stitched with black or
white, are worn at evening weddings.
Evening shirts have holes for two shirt
front buttons. A high-standing all-round
collar is worn.
There is a positive rage for green, so it
now figures in ties, shirts, hose and
tweeds; indeed, there is at least a tonch of
it in almost everything.
Brown boots are to vanish and a needle
pointed boot is not to be thought cf, the
latest being of black leather, with broad
toes.
Brown and white linen for suitings will
be much worn this summer by men con
sidered smart.
To afternoon functions in the country
men no loneer appear in frock coats and
silk hats. Tweed suits and straw hats are
worn instead, being far more comfortable
and suitable.
Yesterday I saw a man in a good brown
ish tweed suit. It was well cut, his shirt,
tie and shoes were correct; but, horrors!
the man wore a black silk hat. How long
will it take some to comprehend when to
wear and when not to wear the silk hat?
Another man I encountered must have
read that stripes were to be lashionabte,
as his lounge suit had a stripe; so had his
shirt, and his tie was likewise adorned.
His socks also matched In pattern, and
when I observed that his coat had a
striped lining I simply fled, and I firmly
expect that man will next appear in a
striped hat.
■\\ hen will men learn that a walking
stick covered with tilicree silver is an
abomination?
It is reported that the Prince of Wales I
first ordered silk waistcoats so as to help
the silkweavers, and the result is that
many, having tried this- style, have found
them very satisfactory.
Those intending to ta<e numerous little
trips this summer would do well to re
member certain truly excellent remarks
made by Him on traveling.
If one is very smart, traveling rigs and ;
suits are not in good form. Tue rule is, \
among well-dressed men, to wear on ship- !
board a suit of lounge tweeds, heavy and I
comfortable, tan sboes and a soft hat. On
the rails the costume is about the same.
Some men delight to appear in mufti on
every possible occasion— the latest English I
fad. Mufti consists of knickers and sack- !
coat, heavy woolen stockings and stronsr !
tan boots. A cap or a solt Hombourg hat
completes the costume. If a cap, one \
made of same material as the coat and
trousers. Colored shirts are invariabiy \
worn when traveling. So many of our
men are asked to spend the time inter- i
vening from Friday afternoon until Mon
day morning at one of the neighboring
smart seaside resorts that it has become !
a question as to what he should bring with j
him. He should be dressed in a sack suit '
— morning lounge. This makes a good I
general rule to follow.
He should carry on his arm his covert I
coat and bring only a large bag and per- ;
haps a shawlstrap with his walking stick
and umbrella. For the very longest jour- !
ney a man should step on a boat or a j
train as if he were only taking the cable
car or the elevat d road down to Wall '
street from his residence. His bag, of !
course, should contain his evening suit
and a dress jacket. The latter, however,
should not be worn if he is to go to a
country house where there is a hostess, i
unless on an extremely informal occasion! i
His host, of course, can wear the evening
jacket, but that does not permit him to do j
so. He should also take his golf, or his j
tennis, or his wheeline suit. All this de- \
pends, of course, upon what he is to ex- I
pect. A black vicuna frock coat and j
waistcoat and a pair of trousers to wear I
with them for formal occasions in the aft
ernoon, church on Sundays, etc.
Evening and morning shirts, white ties,
socks and shoes for all occasions, and I
driving, walking and evening gloves are \
necessary, as well as underwear, brushes j
sponges and soap, etc.. should not be for
gotten, and if a frock coat is likely to be
required the traveler must also take his j
silk hat. Now that polo, tennis and golf'
are so generally indulged in, a bachelor I
who has not a good valet must give his i
wardrobe some thought, even when his
absence from home is to be brief.
One of the bachelors most noted for his
excellent taste in this City has his writing
table ornamented with all the necessary
articles in alligator skin, mounted with a
tiny thread of gold. The effect is all that
the most fastidious could desire. C. C.
COURSING AND BOXING.
Greyhounds That Will Run at Ingle
aide— Choyi-skl off for Frenno.
Some first-class coursing will be seen to
day at Inglesirie. Twenty-four rirst-class
greyhounds will meet in the slips, and if
the weather continues fine the sport should
be excellent. Hares, aa a rule, do not give
a good account of themselves when the
weather is cold and damp, but now the*.
warm and pleasant days have arrived it is
cafe to predict that some grueling courses
will result at Ingleside to-day. John
Grace will judge and J. F. Grace Jr. will
handle the slips. The following dogs will
compete:
P. Reilly's Wee Nell vs. J. Larkey's Spina
»h\ ; V. Reilly's Jimmy Rex vs. T. J. Crnnin's
Holiance; VV. Da I ton's Napo.eon Jack vs. J.
Kra'lshaw's Tomboy: \V. Dalton's Eileen vs. T.
J. Cronins Rnsaß; M. Traynor's Valley Maid
vs. \Y. Carroll's Judge; T. J. Cronln's Skyball
v«. J. Moffit's Molly Bawn; J. Larkey's True
Blue vs. T. J. Cronin's Cousin Peggy; James
Byrnes' Joe Bowers vs. Joe Mlsner's Type
writer; J. K. Bradhhaw's Earthquake vs. James
Grace's Rollalong; M. Traynor's Flashlight vs.
8. E. Portal'i Laurel Leaf; J. A. Bradshaw's
Ironside vs. W. Perry's Coomassie; T. Tierney's
Famous vs. T. Tierney's Lightweight.
J. P. Dalton, who is better known as
"Whole-Souied Jack," will add $2=) to the
stake. The purses are $30, $20, $14 and
three $7 prizes.
E. W. Bradstreet, the champion Indian
NEW TO-DAT.
¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥
! Tumblers!
| Tumble j
i TVV7 Until Wednesday Sight J
♦ V-// our Fine, Thin $1.50
*fGvK^ Water Glasses, with *
♦ \DJf\\J etched engraving, go J
♦ Al\ at 95c PKR DOZES. ♦
I [JW Our $l--5 Etched Turn- *
{ l^v\\ biers go at 75c PER J
I V^W/DOZE! J
> JUST IN— A Jarge shipment of the <«
p, popular New Hungarian Ware — <f<
> those vases in the Old German style, <£>
> that are used so much now for din- <£>
£ ing-room ornaments. Come and see <>
». them. <«
♦— : *
* THAT BIG CHINA STORE- ♦
♦ A Quarter of a Block Below Shreva's. ♦
» WANQENHEIM, STERNHEIM & CO., <
» WANQENHEIM, STERNEEIM & CO., *
<#> * ♦
♦ 528 and 530 Market St., ♦
* 27 and 29 Sutter St. *
♦ BELOW MONTGOMERY. ♦
22 Geary St., Near Kearny.
Mourning Fabrics!
We carry a most complete stock
of Mourning Goods in silk and wool
and all-wool goods.
Silk Warp Henrietta,
Silk Warp Drap d'Alma,
Silk Warp Crape Cloth,
Silk Warp Endora Cloth,
Silk Warp JiunVYeiling, Etc.
MflllPflinn 'Upj|c— Com P J eteassort-
muuilllliy VCIId me nt in Nun's
Veiling, Crape and Grenadine.
Courtauld's cTape-Srrtom
$100 to ?6 00 a yard.
Monrning Outfits Supplied in 12 Hours.
B. T. KENNEDY COMPANY.
pI.KMANK nTI,Y KKMUVKSSII't-Kt- LlOl'S
-I hair by electricity at $1 a sitting; flrst sitting
""re; no icars left; moles, warta. eta, also ru-
, moved.
club swinger of the Pacific Coast and in
structor of the Fresno Athletic Club, will
be tendered a testimonial benefit by the
snorts of that place on Monday evening,
May 18, at the Barton Opera-house. An
excellent programme has been arranged
consisting of boxing, wrestling, club swing
ing, etc. The entertainment will conclude
with a four-round bout between Joe
Choynski and E. W. Bradstreet. Choynski
will also eive a bag-punching exhibition.
The following lettpr from J. Donovan of
the Acme Athletic Club is self-explana
tory:
Oakland, Cal., May 15, 1896.
The Acme Athletic Olub of Oakland has
about completed arrangements for its coming
boxing tournament, which will take place on
the :26th inst., consisting of the lightweight
and feather-weight championships. We ex
pect to have from eight to twelve entries in
eacn class, as most of the best men have sig
nified their intentions of entering, and it
appears that the entries shall be about equaly
divided between Oakland and ban Francisco.
The entries close on May 19.
J. Donovan, Vice-President A. A. C.
A letter from La Honda states that trout
fishing: in the streams of that place is now
first class. John E. Mills and L. R. Larze
lere caught 175 good-size fish recently in
Alpine Creek, which stream was thought
to t>e barren of fishes. A large number of
camping parties will rusticate at La Honda
this summer. The hotel at La Honda has
been renovated, and will accommodate
many pleasure-seekers during the outing
season. Those who have been enjoying
pleasant hours at La Honda recently are:
John E. Miies, L. R. Larzelere, J. N.
Creighton, T. J. Tnrnbull, W. Manning,
J. T. Bonestell, Captain R. C. Voee of this
City, and vV. D. Nichols and Tom Kemp
of Palo Alto. They all enjoyed good fish
ing.
•—• — » — >
At Sutro's Baths To-I>»r
To-day the programme at Butro's Baths will
be a very interesting one. The wrecked crew
of the burned ship Republic will appear and
re-enact the dreadful scenes through which
they passed before being saved by the Holli
wood. Cassasa's band will give the following
programme and will play from a magnificent
floating Island surmounted by a lighthouse
equiped with a high-power revolving light:
March, "Buffalo Sewn Beebe
Overture, "Last of the Hogans" Brahem
Two songs. "Only a Dream," "Happy Mo
ments" Wallace
Selection, Audran's operas Kappey
Patrol Ascner
Priests' War March Mendelssohn
"Around the City," popular songs... F. Bfyer
Waltz. "Dreams on the ocean" Guiiel
Gavotte, "Loving Hearts" Herman
Galop, "Through the Surf" Williams
NEW TO-DAT.
! BIG REDUCTIONS
;
X3XT
; COLORED
DRESS GOODS!
All New and Seasonable.
i
\ 50 pieces ALL-WOOL MIXED SUIT-
INGS, reduced from $4 to
$2.80 Full Suit
|25 pieces IRIDESCENT MOHAIRS,
all new color combinations, re-
duced from $7 to
$5.25 Full Suit '
A broken line of NOVELTY DRESS
:' PATTERNS, in All-Wool and Silk
and Wool, this season's importa-
tion, reduced from
SIO.OO 812.50 $14. 00
to $5.75, $7.50, $8.75
25 HIGH-GRADE FRENCH NOV-
: ELTY DRESS PATTERNS, ex-
V : . : elusive designs in the latest fab-
rics, worth $30 and $35, now
$17.50 and $25.00
EXTRALPECIAL !
10 nieces 58-inch ALL-WOOL CLOAK-
ING, suitable for Children's wear,
, worth $1 50.
$1.00 Per Yard
BBHABLA E9PANOL.
G. VERDIER & CO.
SE. Cor. Geary and Grant Aye.
YILLE DE PARIS.
BRANCH HOUSE.
LOS ANGELES.
l FREUD'S CORSET HOUSE.
I SPECIAL SALE OF CORSETS
200 Dozen Ladies'
Black and Drab Corsets,
Reduced From $1.75 to $1.00.
CAUTION— Having no agencies or branch
stores, our Corsets can be purchased only at our
establishment. . • . . . .* . .
. Mail orders receive prompt attention. " —
Illustrated Catalogue mailed free.
I MAKE NO MISTAKE IX OUR ADDRESS
1 2VE. FREUD efts SON,
743-744 flarket St. and 10-12 Grant Avt,THE COMMERCIAL WORLD.
MMBIAKY OF TIIK MAkKKTS.
Pank Clearings gain 4.2%.
fcilvcr a fraction weaker.
Wheat staixnaut.
barley steady. Oats firmer.
W hite Corn lower.
Rye very dull.
Hay and Beans unchanged.
New Karly Hose Potatoes arrived from tlie river.
New Onions lower.
Butter, Eggs and Cheese unchanged.
Poultry nominal.
Cherries lower. Berries firmer,
I'ried Fruit aud Raisins in good demand
Provisions unchanged. •
Nothing new in Hides.
Explanntlon.
The arrow flies with the wind. The top figure*
St station indica'e maximum tempera- for the
lays: those underneath It. if any, the amount of
rainfall, of melted snow in inches ami !n;::dredths,
during :l c past twelve hours. Isobars, or solid
lines, connect points of equal air pressure; iso
therms, or dotted lines, equal temp?ratur«. Hie
word ••hiah" means high tarometric pressure and
Is usually accomDanied by fair weather: "low" .
refers to low pressure, and is u^uullv preceded I
and accompanied by oiondy weather aud rains.
"Lows'" usually first appear on the Washington
roast. Whin the pressure is high In the iuterioi
and low along the cous..aud the isobars extend
north aud south along the coast, rain is probable;
but when '.he "low" Is inclosed with isobars of
marked curvature, rain with of Oregon Is improb
able. \\ i:h a "hUh" in •he vicinity of Idaho, anJ
the pressure falling to the California coast, warmer
weather may be expected in summer and colder
Weather in winter. The reverse of these conditions
will produce an opposite result.
WKATHKK BUREAU KEPOItT.
United States Depaetjikkt ok aoricil-
TfRK, Weather Bcreac, Sax Francisco,
May 16,1896, 5 P. m.— Weather conditioas and
general forecast:
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to date
ns compared with those of same date last season:
Eureka 50.55, las: season 41.91: Red Bluff 21 74,
i»st season 26.25; San Francisco 20.84, last season
25.41; Fresno 8.16, last season 14.67: San Luis
Ob.spo 17.64, last season 25.93: Los Angeles
9.36, last season 16.04; San Die-.o 5.92, last
season 12.16; Yurna .88, las; season 01.
>nn Francisco data— Maximum temperature 58,
minimum 47. mean 52.
The following maximum temperatures are re
ported to-day from stations In California durin?
the past twenty-four hours: Eureka 58. Red Bluff
68, "~an Francisco 58, Fresno 76. -an Lois Obisi>o
70. Los Anzeles 74. >an Diego 68, Yuma 83.
An area of low pressure covers the country west i
of the Rocky Mountains with the exception of a
small strip alone the California coast There are
two centers of low pressure on tonight's map.
■ • r Montana and t:.e country north I(1 ■ pressure
is about 29.7: over Utah the pressure is about
"-'9.8 Inches, and between these two is a ridge Of
higher pressure extending from Carson City north
eastward to Idaho and Wyoming. Alone the Pu
c.flc Coast there has been a slight rise in the
pressure during the past twelve hours. The high
est pressure reported at any station is Kureka,
80. 18.
The temperature has fallen over Oregon, Idaho
and Northern California. It has risen over Ne
vada and Southern California, and decidedly over
ah.
Rain is reported at Spokane. Rain has fallen
during the past twelve hours Generally through
out the northern half of the Pacific Slope, and In
California at Red Bluff and north.
Conditions continue unfavorable for fair and set
tled weather in the northern part of this state.
Fop i* like y to occur Sunday morning along the
California coast.
Forecas made at Han Francisco for thirty boars
ending midnight. May 17. 1896:
Northern California— Cloudy and unsettled
wea.h r Sunday morning, and possibly lleht show
en In northern portion; fair In southern portion:
warmer In the valleys Sunday and Sunday night;
fresh northwesterly win
Southern California— Generally fair Sunday; light
westerly winds. Fog on the coast in the morning.
Nevada— Cloudy and unsettled weather Sunday;
showers in the extreme northern portion; warmer
in northeastern portion.
Utah— Cloudy and unsettled weather; probably
light showers Sunday.
Arizona— Fair Sunday.
San Francisco and vicinity— Cloudy weather
Sunday morning, probably fog; northwesterly
winds, Increasing in force in the afternoon.
... ' Alexander (». Mcahik.
Local i- orecasl Official.
NEW YORK. MARKETS.
Financial.
NEW YORK. N. V.. May 16.— The dealings at
the Stock Exchange were unsteadr to-day, only
100,000 snares of htocks being dealt in. Stocks
opectd rather heavy on offerings by profef sional
operators who fear Cuban complications and a
continuation of the efflux of gold. The uncertainty
regarding the position of McKinley on the cur
rency question was also used against the market
by the bears. Notwithstanding the preponder
ance in bearish sentiment the decline in prices,
except In rare Instances, was conllned to frac
tions. Manhattan suffered the greutes- los*, fan- '
Ing from 1031/*; 10 10-1,4, and lacked support.!
Sugar was the most active stock, ami 'ruled
weaker. Leather Preferred and 'lor.a were
firm. -.' - r
Business in the standard railway is-ues was ex
tremely light. St. Paul was the most active out
side of Manhattan. Commission houses were with
out orders and London firms aid liltie or nothing.
hven the bucket-shops complained, and some of
the proprietors have decided to cut coiniu!s,loin
In order to keep the little trade tlicy now have.
,!a:ioi! closed neak for Manhattan and barely
steady tor the general i-.t.
Bonds were quiet and firm. The sales aggre-
Bate.i $500,000. Baltimore and Ohio fives rose 2
to 9SVi: Western New Vor<c and Pennsylvania
firsts V» to 100: Oregon Short Line sixes i ■ r.ili
cates Va to 112 a/ 8 , and do consolidated fives !■> to
07%.
t Grain.
FLOUR— DuII, easy: Winter wheat, low grades,
VI jijig,:; 00: do fair to fancy, 92 BBSB 85; do pat
• ntS. *S9O(cC4 20: Minnesota clears. $2 50(0.3 15: do
straights, $3 Ot'&.H £0; 00 patents. *3 -15fa.; 35;
low extra, %'i 20^0,3 00; city mills, $4 10<;4 ..'O; do
patents, $4 30@i4 50: rye mixture, 92 60@3 50
-nuperrine, f2 00@2 35: tine. 02 OOQSt 30. South
ern flour, quiet, easy; common 10 fair extra, %'l 40
@3 00; good to choice. 93 00rg;3 30. Ky» flour,
quiet, steady; $2 40652 ho. Buckwheat flour. 81 20.
liUCKU T-40ig.42c.
CORN MEAL— Quiet, e«sy; yellow Western,
f 2 05(*2 10: Brandywinr, »2 15.
RYt- Nominal; .No. 2 Western. 40<&44V.,0.
11AHLKV— Quiet; ungraded Western. b9@4lc.
BARLEY MALl— .Nominal; Western. 4i(g;s?c.
WHEAT— Dull: Ve&VtC lower; f. o. b. 76c to ar
rive: ungraded red,t>j@>77c; No. i Nortiier.i, 71»4c.
Options closed weak a! y^S/gc decline 01 easier
cables, lower West mid ;ot_-;i. realizing. July
most active. No. 2 red, May, lO^c; June and
July, e^c; September, 08i/i'V l<ec»-mber, 70V4' 1-
< -steady. No. 2, 361/4 C; elevator, btfc
atloat.
Options were doll and weak at J/h@*4c decline,
following the West and on local realizing. Sep
tember nuts July most active. May, 3514 c: July,
3684 c; September, 38% c.
i>aTO—
Options steady. May and July. 24»/ 2 c.
Spot prices: No. 2. 2i%c: No. 2 white. 2614 c:
No. «, 2384 c: No. 3whae, 26V 2 "; mixed Western,
■JSV2 r «-O' •
I£P;D JiKAN-57i,-v«i6JV-»c.
M J DDLIN OS— 6s@7oc.
11YE— teed, easier, 65c.
Provisions.
BEKF-Qulet; extra India jj7fg.H . beef hams
quiet, 914 50@15; tlcrced oc-i-f slow; extra India
mtss,*l3(itl& cut meats quiet, unchanged: bellies.
pickled 1- |»ounds, 4y 3 c; do shoulders, 4U. C ; do
hams, V(ati>\..jC
LARD— Meady; Western steam and May. $4 85;
city, 9-1 25. Refined, quiet; south American. Ro 50:
turn pound, 4V«c. ' ,
POliK— Quiet, weak; old mess, 98 75@9 25; new
niesH. $9 25.
BUTTER— Qniet: fancy, fairly active; state
dairy, BOlsi/ 2 c: do creamery. ll@16c: Western
dairy, 7&llc; do crt-emery, Il(csl3y»s: do held.
!'(a.iic; do factory, T.'c;JOc; tißius, )ay 2 c; lmita
tion creamery, 9^;@l2c. ?dßßiW<
1 lIKKSK— Quit: new, easy: State large, new
6Vfc@Bc; do new. Ui.4@sV£c: do Bmall, old, 41-2
(aloe; part skims, old," 3^4V 2 c; do, new, 2@sc;
full skims, 2<a2y,c.
KGGS— Steady; State and Pennsylvania, 10V»@
lie; Southern. Bffißi/isc: Western lresh. 9@lOV-»c;
do, per case, 91 2j(&2 10.
3iJ@3i,4 ) c! VV ~ :DUll ' CUy> 3 3 - 16 © 3 Country,
, COTTONSEED OIL-Qulel. steady: crude. 21
§2135?; yellow, prime. 25@25V4c; do off grades,
*i h o, ) ,V" II INJ"1 N J"« St<>Bdy: str »'ned, common to good,
$1 o'J(g>l 85. t >■'.*•
1 dl A lOKS — \\ eak.
'iSSsS^' Domestlc ' fairto extra - s@s34c:
MOLAS Ks— Firm; New Orleans open Kettle,
good to choice, 27@S' ( c.
i COFFEE-Steady, ;10; 10 points down: May 12 50;
July. $12 bO@l-2 65: September, ?11 30@ll 35:
December. $10 60&10 65; March, $10 45@10 60.
Spot Rio, dull; No. 7. 141 B e.
SUGAR— Raw, dull, fair refining 3.v 8 c i* Ib:
centrifugals. 96 test. 41/ic: reflnea. firm, quiet:
°. A - 4 H-16@5c: mold A. 56 8 c; standard
a, 53/sc; confectioners' A, 614 c; cut loaf. 6c:
crushed. 6c; powdered and granulated, 63/ 8 c;
cubes, 5%c.
Fruit and Produce.
CALIFORNIA FRUITS—
ALMONDS— Nominal
WALNUTS— Nominal.
APRICOTS— Bags. 2 ra)loc.
PtACHES— Peeled, %i Ib, 10@12c; do un
pe«leo. B#7c.
PRUNES— Four sizes, nominal.
— Two-crown loose muscatel. 23.(g,6c;
three-crown do, 4c: London layers, 90e@«i.
HOPS— Quiet, easy; State common to choice,
2^(3Bc: I'acinc Coast. 2Va@7c.
WOOL— Quiet: domestic fleece, 15@21c; pulled,
16@33c; Texas, 7@l2c
Merchandise.
PIG IRON— Quiet: American. $10 75313 50.
COPPER-Firm: lake. *I 1 95@11 25.
LEAD— Quiet; domestic. iii 05.
TlN— Firm: straits. $13 45@13 55; . plates,
moderately active.
fePELTtK-Quiet: domestic. *4 05@l 10.
CHICAGO MARKETS.
CHICAGO, l ix.. May 16.— The weather was
again the leading consideration In - the wheat
market. Rains thiough the West and southwest
induced selling and caused easier prices. The
Tboman report on which the late break of yester
day in price took place was made public this
morning a id showed a condition for winter wheat
of 79.6 as against 80.4 011 May 1. This estimate
was not by any means a bearish one, and why
prices should have declined on It wa» a mystery.
Juiy wheat opened from 62V'gC to 62i/i@t)"V^' g c.
sold between til %c and 62V-jC, closing at 623/
6-'i 2 e. V c higher than yesterday. Estimated re
cclpis for Monday 15 cars.
CORN— scarcely anything was done In corn,
and In that the market did not differ trom what it
has bp.M) fur many days. Receipts were 240 cars,
anil 293,367 busnels were taken from store. July
corn opened at 29 1 2 c. sold at 2S)s' e, closing at
'-9V?&" / > // 8 < "' • flbade over yesterday. Estimated
receipis 10. Monday 400 curs.
OATS— The market for oats was quiet with no
feature or incident to make n aeworthy the trade.
Estimated recepts for Monday 261 cars.
PROVISIONS— Tra3e in the provision pit was
limited to the transactions of a few commission
nouses and packers, and denoted anything but in
terest in the ftituatlno.
BUTTER— Business in the market fairly active.
Creameries— Extras, 15c; firsts, 14(S14V5|C: sec
onds. ll@13c: imi.ations. fancy, 10@llc. Dairies-
Extras, l.>c: firsts. 10 @ lie: seconds. 9c.
Ladles— Extras, 9@loc; firsts. B@BVaC; packing
stock, 7c.
EGGS— Fresh stock 7i/<j@9c "$ dozen.
MONE'i — as 6% on call and t>®7% on time
loans. New York exchange sola at t!Oc@sL pre
mium.
Closing Prices.
WHEAT— Ma\-.CIy B @6iy4C; July, 623/ 8 ©62y 2 c;
September, 6314 c. ' ~
CORN— May. -Hi 3 c; July. 2910.-o. c; Septem
ber, 303i®30y B e.
OAI-b— May, 19c; July, 193/ B i^l9i,^c: Septem
ber, 19s /4 @19v B e.
PORK— July. #7 70: September, $7 871^.
LARD— July, *4 67i/>; September, «4 Bti.
RlßS— July, $4 87i£; September, $4 421-Cj.
Livestock.
UNION BTOCKY'ARDS. 111., May 16.— Only
a few cattle were received to-day and trade was
quiet. Prices were steady and generally unchanged.
Shippers bought some hogs but paoken were not
in the market. Prices were 'JVufaoclower. The
sheep market was slow but sleepy.
CATTLE — Receipts. 300. Fancy beeves,
$4 40&4 50; choice to prime, 1300 to 1700 pound
steers, $4 -Jo(a>l 35 : good 10 choice steers, l'.'OO
to 1600 pounds, $4 00C<£4 15: medium steers. 1000
to 140U pounds. $3 80{&3 95: common to fair steers.
950 to 1400 pounds. *2 ,'i (0,3 75: choice itedert.
900 to 1150 pounds. $3 ' 0(g-4 00: common to choice
EtocKers. ¥2 85t*3 65: bu:is and Mass, choice to
extra. S3 00,1^3 4i): bulls, poor to choice. $2 00$
2 90; cows and heifers, extra. 75@4 00; cows, lair
to choice, $2 40(ai-l 70: cows, common to fair,
$1 50J82 35: calves, good to choice." ? 1 ftO
ia,i 85: calves, common to good. $:-ii£4 40; Texas
grass steers. $-' 70(0.3 30; Texas Ji-ii steers. S3 40
(*4 15: Texas cows and t.uii*. $2 40@3 40; muken
and springers, per head. --?_:•■.• ii 1 1
HUGS— Receipts. 15.000. Ueaw packing ana
shipping lots, XX Vof<x3 i'2y%\ common to choica
mixed. S3 254E3 47 ! 3: choice assorted. $3 40(g>
3 45: lifibt, )f3 -J.jy.3 60: pics, *2 25©>3 40.
S-JJKJ-. l' — Receipis. 4000. Interior 10 etiole*,
*- 50&3&0: liinjtjs, *:; -J55.5.
NEW \Oitlv STOCKS.
Bonds, 1 \ch;n:(;i-, Money and Railroad
Share*.
Money on call easy at 21-3%. Prime mercantile
paper, 6iftsV2 .- i..»r silver. t,~\ i Mexican dollars.
o3\2 c - e-:eriin; ezchanco is dull, with actual
buaiuess in canters' milt at. f i fc7y 2 @4 87*4 for
sixty a*y» *"<* * 4 »8%@4 88" 1 /* lor demand. Pontea
rat»«. 74 88'a>4 *9 V'»- Commercial bills. Sltjt.i ,
(0,4 87 Va- government bonds steady: State bond*
dull: rallroaa bonds firm. Silver at the board
steady.
CLOSIKO STOCKS.
Am Tel* Cable-.. »1 " Nnnolk & Wei ... i/ 8
Atchlsoru 15 referred. ... ... S3 g
Preierrea 2 3 Northern Pacific.. s\
Adams tipre«j...li.' ; Preferred 12 '
Alton.TcrreHaute. 55 Ncnnwestern. IW4i/ 4
American fcxpress.ll4 1 Preferred 14s
American t>5 l/ 4l /4 N. Y. Central »7
Preferred 93 N. Y. Chica«to&3.t, l.v/ 4
I'ar btateUas 298/4 let preferred..... 7tj
Baltimore « Ohl<v. IT 1 * id preferred. s 2ia
BmnswiCK l-anui.. 6/s : ' s - Z' AN. H .»-. 17 3
Buffalo, Kochdti". 24i, .N. Y.jtNew Ens. 45
Canada Pacific... . •■t<\a N. Y.busq W.^ BY,
Cenada Bout hern.. 50 Preferred. 2si 2
Canton uind. 60y B 'Ontarlo l 3y 2
Central Paclflo.... Ontario <£ Western. 1 n, 2
Cbeg.<& Ohio. Oregon improvmt. 1
Chicago Alton 157 Preferred. —
Preierrea 170 Oregon Navigation. i 4
Chicago, H.* ii.™ "9 l,r«k-on fctiori Lone. Ti.,
Chicago i£ K. 111... 41 I' acl tic Mull i!si- 4
Preferred t)«V I'eona. D.A Evan*. 2*/ 4
Cbicagouas U7Vi I'Utsburg & W pfd. 15
Clevc 4 Pittsburs:.l6i 1 ullman Palace... 137
Consolidation Coai. .0 quicksilver.. _ 1
Consolidated Gas.. 155%' Preferred. _ 15
C. C. C. & »>u Louii. 3S ReaainK *"V&
Preft-rreu Hi KioOrandedtWesta 18
Cola Fuel <t lrou.. -SV2 Preierred. 43
Preferred 92 P-ock Islana ti9i/a
Cotton Oil cert 13U JlomeWat &Oi;daall>>
Commercial Cable. 150 L. 4 S. v» iV a
Del. Hudson 12> I'referreU. 101/2
Uel.LackitWesternl ,9 H.Paui _ 77v a
Denver«&K.U_ 1< Preferred 128
Preierreu 47? 8 tt. Paul* Dulatb. 23
DistlllWß — J8 I Preferred ha
General i^lectxlc... 33% Et. Paul <& Oinana. 48
trie - 14,4 Ireferred. 124
Preferred ; hi St. P. HI. & M......11-5
Fort Wayne 160 Silver Certincatus.. 6S
real Northern pt0.115 Southern PaciUc. 19
ij rot 11 Bay Va toutnern A. R..... a-'/g
Bariem 295 1 Preferred. *<;&s/ 8
Hocking Coal -'.^t-uciir Refinery.... i 2J' ■,
Bock 1 Valley... Ib Preferred. 103V4
Uomestake 31 ' i 1 tun. Coal <fc Iron. -(i's
B. <t Texas Ceau. 21^ Preferred 100
Illinois Csntrat.... 'J .> ■ z Texas Pac1f1e...... 8y 8
lowa Central....... BV4 Tol.A.A.<SN.M.lca.—
Prelerr^a. :.....^ . 33y a 'J 01. «tOhloC«n_.. 3-'
Kansas Texas.— Hi/4: Preferred 73
Preferred 2l«/ 1 oi.Bt.Loulsi 6Vi
Kingston <c Pern... 3 ! Preferred 6
Lake Erie & Westa 17 i Union Pac1f1e...... 7%
Preferred 29% L P.. Den. A Unit 8
Lace snore ...14-t V.X Cordafs. 4"/8
National i-eaU...... 25 Preferred _„ 93,4
Preferred _ fc Vs Cnaranteod...... 19
Icnelslaoa £0 I. X KxureM...._ 42
Louisville <£ Nasa. .0' 4 U. t. Laatuer.... 9
Lc.ii.hviilo .Nat Cu. 9/2 Preferred.. _ 64%
Preferred U.KKuobec _ ' 23V4
Manhattan Consot. lO2l4 1 Preferred. voi^
kiempnia <t Cnari*. 15 Utlca &B. River.. 150
ex lean central. '134 W'ab. B. L. & P»O.. ',"■:_.
Michigan Central.. £3V^i Preferred 17'/ 2
Jd inn &s. L. — |Wells-FarKO..... M . 97'
Preferred. — I Western Union.. _ 81 '/2/ 2
Allen. A fSU L com. ]•- Wls Central 1
Ist preferred 7si/ 3 Wheeling &L. &.. 9-Vs
2dpreferred 48 ' 1 Preferred. .35-
Jllsi.ourl Facltie. ... 2 1 : ii' Am Cotton «JU Ufa. 6i^i
aJoblleifc Ohio r<y^ W V Ueef 7s,i
Nkbhville Chatt.... 18 , Ann Arbor 9-
National LltiseeJ.. Id Preferred 26
r%. j. Cen.rul IoS/a Brooklyn Traction. 23%
North American... 6V*:iirle 2d pfd 21 Va
CLOSING) BONM. "
LF4O.TPB 108% M X T 2ds f>9
Do, 4* ronron...lo9S/i Do,4s. H6Vi
I" 4s new reg 117 i Mutual Union C,%... 11 '•
Do, 4a coupon... 1 17 »' /K iX J Cent Gen 65. ..1 ■ 'J x i
Do. '. ■■ 94V., Northern Pac l.Stl.ll';' 4
Do, 6s U.i Do, 20* H3Vz
Do. Is counon.. . . 1 1 * Do. JMa 7 1 Via
Cterokee 4s. 183t>. I'JU Minun'Mt Consols, i«1
lio. 1897- 100 ' ;<o. det, 6s 108%
X 0.1898™ 100 UR£N lsta 11l
Lo. itiVO 100 6:L<tlronMt(Jen3s 7»
Faclnc 6»oJ'8B — . L«t SFGkd 6s. 1 I is %
D. C. 8-8 &■ ...109V4 f-t Paul Console ...1
Ala Class A 4 lU6 , fct. P. C& Pa 13M. 1 17%
Do. Claas 84, ss . 10 9 , Do. I'M CnJ • « v. I'o
LaC'odbol4s. 37 | Poo them K. K. 3s. 83%
Missouri lending..— — Texas Pacific firsts 01): 
X < arc! co a 6a.. IJ4 Texas Pacaecondn. al%
LXt, «a 105 I nlonPac lstof»8. 10*1*.
Pc Carolina 4 V»i... 106 West bhore 4a 106
winnow .-is B."> obllc & Ohio 4«. . 6ay 3
Vr funding debt ... 6*2 I! Ur&nd«We*t Ist* 76<4
fo, rcR...... ..... 'Cbes&Oßs ....... 107%
fo. deferred 8«. .. 5 Atctatson 4a 791^
Ijo. trust rcots st 7 I Uo. 2ds A..- ■ «V&
Canada South 20».. 106V 2 o li a h a 6a 105
C»n PaclKtaot '9s 102 Do. 2d 7s. ...... 103
icnAKGlst 110 B 4 Tex Cent 6a.. 109
S £°V« 91' ho. con Us 102..
*rle2d» , 6 r >i/a Readln? 4* 70' A
Kansa* Pa Consols 75 Missouri ...100
h* *-» lkU lien dl v 1 1 1 I
. - JrOKKIG.N MAUKKTS.
. WHEAT IN UVRBPOOTi.
MVERI'OOL, Kno.. May I«.— The spot market
Ib «l<ft<ly at 5s 4y a tl'a,s» r>i/ d. Cargoes steady at
-7i 7 -_'l sellerSt'promDt ablpment.
FOTOBES.
The Produce Kxchanice cable given the following
Liverpool quotations for No.- 'i Ked Winter: May,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY' 17, 1896
5s 3>)4d; June. 5s 3Vid: July, 5s 3»4d; August. 5s
3y 4 d; ;eptember, 6s 3 3 / id.
6KCURITIKS.
LONDON, Kun., May 16-Con-»ol«. 112 »-16
-silver, 31 l-16d; French Rentes, 102f 7V4&
KXCUANGK AND BULLION.
Pterllnc Exchans;p, 60 days — $48814
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4hoi;,
Sterling Cables j — 4 90
New York Exchange, sight — 12^<|
New York Exchange, U-legraphlc. — 16
Fine Silver. %4 ounce — t>7%
Mexican Dollars 64V4 65
BANK CLEARINGS. ! ,
Local bank clearings last week were $14, 043,394,
against $13,981,798 for the same week in 1895.
a gain of -1.2%.
m '. ■-': .
PRODUCE MARKET
WHEAT AND OTHEK GRAINS.
WHEAT— The Red Rock takes for Cape Town
63,623 ells, valued at 976.559.
Tne market is stagnant and this is all to be said
about It. No. 1, $1 06i,4@l 07Vg: choice, 91 Ot%:<i
<a,i 10: lower grades, 91ial 05; extra choice for
milling, 91 15@1 20.
c-ai.i. liOAitn BALn.
Informal Session— lo o'clock— December— Boo
tons, 91 04 1.
r.Kiu'UH morning Session— December— 2loo
tons. $1 04%.
BARLEY - steadily held. Feed. 72i<j@75c:
choice, 70y 4 fe7?y c; fcrewliifc, 80(u,bjc
CALL BOARD HALBS.
Informal Sksm.in —10 o'clock— No (tales.
J:ki;i-i.ak Morning Session — December— loo
tons, 76% c.
O.vT.s— l he market is in better shape and several
descriptions show an advance. Milling, 75@«2'^c
fancy Feed, 82i^'<?.67i / «c: good to choice. 77' ... j,
82V3C: common to fair, 7O(gi73c: Ciray, ""\2fji
82 V2C; Surprise. 90c(r,$i V c.l.
CORN— White Is lower. Yellows show no Chan ire.
.Large Yellow, Ms*.,(a,flJi 3c3 c V ell; Small Hound
do, 97y s c<a$l: White". bs(jjß7i:»c V oil.
RYK— Very dull at 76i.4ia7» ; i:« / ie t^ ctl.
flTTfTTirilli ft I fH#WTiiTI en.
FLOUR AXD MILLSTIKFS.
FLOOR— Net cash prices are: Family extras,
S3 7Ji<j.S Xs;>hbl: Bakers' extras, »d 55^,1 6j;
superUne. *2 75@3.
COR.NMKAL. ETC.- Feed Corn, $20^20 50;
Cracked Corn, $21 f* ton.
MILLSTUFFS-Pricesln 10-fb sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: (iruham Fiour,
2»/ic; Rye Flour. 3i/ 4 c: Rice Flour. 714 c: Corn
meal, 2^i@3c; extra cream do. Si'ic: Oatmeal,
B*4c; Oaciiroacs, 4V 3 c; llominv, 4:ill'jc; Buck
wheat Flour, 4c; Cracked Wheat, 2 c: Farina,
4' a c: Whole Wheat Flour, 3c; Rolled Hutu. 4i s c;
Pearl Barley, 4i /a c: split Peas, 4*Vic; Oreea do,
oVic 9 Hi.
HAY am) rsiiMivrn.
BRAN— 60@16 V> ton.
MIDDLINGS— $16®17 «* ton for lower grades
and 917 60&18 50 %* ton for the best.
FEED-iTUFFS — Rolled Bade-, 91 6 a, 16 50;
Oilcake Meal at the mill, #20 %( ton; jobbing, 921;
Cottonseed oilcake, $21 %* ton.
HAY — Nothing new. Wheat Is quotable at
$B@ll 60; Oat,;s7(a>9: Wheat and Oat, fcb&l 1 ■ Bar
ley, 97(g,8 50: Alfalfa, 97@9; Clover, 9b@7 50:
Compressed Oat. $6 50@8: Compressed Wheat, *7
©10 60; Stock. «6^7 «i ton.
STRAW— bO@SOc bale.
IJEANS AM) SEEDS.
BEANS— Continue quiet the old prices. Bayos,
90c@?l; Small Whites, $1 23@1 40; Pea. 91 25©
1 46 f> ctl; i ar*e Whites. *lfii>l 16 V oil: Plnic,
85@97^c; iteds, »1 25; HlacKeye. *1 40®l 65:
Red Kidney. SI 60; dll 63; Liinas. 9J 6Dg,2 75;
Butters, 91 40@l 60 lor small and 91 2. )(g,l 50 for
large.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard is quotable at $1 60
@2 25 •$ ctl; Trieste, 92 a.'i 60 t* «l; Yel
low Mustard, $1 40©l 50; Flax, 91 70©l 80: Ca
nary, a*4a "si Ib: Alfalfa, 7V2ia*V2^ V tt>: «ape,
2V<>c f> tt«; Hemp, Sy»c V lb.
DRIED PEAts— $1 -zb<gl 40 i* cU for Nlles and
91 -510,1 45 (Or ureen.
POTATOES, ONIONS, VEGETABLES.'
POTATOES— New Early Rose in boxes from the
River brought 91 25. Old are weaker, except Garnet
Chiles which ate scarce. New Potatoes, 75c(«,51;
River Burbanks, 50 .<i..;5 ; Oreßon Burbotiks, 60@
76c ";' o .: Oregon Garnet Chiles. 85c@if 1 "f< ctl;
Early Rose, bO@'. Oc; i'etal^nih and I omul es, 65
(£6Sc f> ctl: Hum bold t Burbanks. 1.70 c♦* ctl.
ONIONS— OId .ire nonnn..l at $1 50(gil 7.>. New
Onions are lower at 60{<£60c |l ctl.
VxCGETABLKS— ArrivaIs were 656 boxes As
paragus, 276 boxes Rhubarb and 09 • sacks Peas.
Alameds Summer Squash sold a: 92 D small
box.
Summer Squash, 91 50 1» box: En Plant,
l.*«c >* Ib: Los Angeles Tomatoes, ij-1 76(52 If* box;
Mexican Tomatoes, nominal: Cucumbers, Sue
<asl "r" dozen; Asparagus, ¥i(a2 p box for ordi
nary and fj lb&t 60 for extra: Khubarb, sUc(a>sl;
Dried Peppers, 7<290: Qreen Peppers. 15c c Ib;
Ureen Vena, :.i!,;a.9i $* »k for common and 2@i2Vic
%i it) for Garden: String Reans, bitilOi- V- % lor LO3
a 1 1 1- • -i s and 10(g,12y>c for Win: Horse iieaus,
S6^bOc r' sack; Drietl Okro. 12l/ 2 c; new Cabbuce,
40c %4 ctl; Garlic 4Vs®3c ;-. Ib.
IICTTKK, CBKKSK AND EGGS.
BUTTER— Nothing new to report.
CrkaMKHY — Fancy, 14c; seconds, 13@13l/ 2 c
lb. . -- .
Dairy— Fancy. 13-;: good to choice, 12@12iAc:
lower (Trades, li(rtlli x c.
CHEESE — Fancy- mild new, 7c: common to good!
6@t>V«c; Cream Cheddar, 10(3,5 1c %* Jb: Youni;
America, B&9c fl lb: Western, lOutllc; Kanlern,
12(§,13y 2 c.
Eggs— Previous Drices rule. Oregon Eggs, lie?
dozen; Eastern Eggs, 1 If., I J x 2x 2 -• store Eggs, ll!q)
12c: raucu Eggs, 12@lii,ic: Duck Egga, 14(ai&c
['. dozen.
I'OII.TKV AND GAME.
POULTRY— Was nominal yesterday. Live Tur
keys are quotable at 12%®16c t» 16 for Gob
blers, 12@15c "& Ib for Hens: Geese, 5* pair, fl@
1 25; Goslings, 81 25@1 76; Ducks, M#> for old
and S4«ve 50 for youn?: Hens, ?3 6Oia4 50;
Roosters, young, $# ;iii(n»7 60; do. Old, »4;a,4 50-
Fryers, *6 50(*b; BroUers. 94C«5 for large and s.-wj
3 forhniuil; Plxeoiis, -Cl 60 tor young and 91 60
for old.
GAME— Very dull and weak. Hare, 50@75c;
Rabbits, 7 oc tor Cottontails aud 50,jj75c ft uuz fur
small. : •--'.,..--.-..,..•%..
DECIDUOUS ANt> CITRUS FRUITS.
ORCHARD FRUITS— Arrivals of Cherries were
2285 boxes, selling at 30@50c tor White and Red
and 60c@?l - box for Black.
BKRRlKS— Receipts of Strawberries were 683
chests, sellinK si $7((£9 chest for Longwonhs
and v 4 v.ii for large berries. \i .-'.-.'
berries. 2£@2Oc V drawer and li/».ai2i/oc i&
E> in sacks for snm.l and 30@40c '<?, drawer ana 3dS
4c Ib in bulk for large. - :
Raspberries, 91 '«k drawer; Newcastle Bass
berries brought 91 50 %i irate.
No Blackberries from Southern California. '
Curr»nts, 75(d90c {) box.
CITRUS FRUITS-OranEes, 91 2nC«i2 for Seed
lings, 92 60@l for Navels, 91 76@2 75 for Malta
Bloods and 91 60@2 60 for Mediterranean Sweets- ■
Lemons, 75cCg;.51 25 for common and .$1 60A2 GO
for good to choice: Mexican Limes, $6 60@6: ha
nanas, 91(3»2 "$ bunch; Pineapples, 9;-!(g,6 'p dozen. !
DRIED FKUITS, RAISINS, NUTS, ETC. !
Dealers are greatly encouraged by the improved
demand, which is very good.
DRIED FRUITS-The foliowlnj prices rule on
Hip Fruit Exchange:
Carload lots— Apples, 1 V a <a2c f» ib Or quar
tered. 2c for sliced and 4(«4V 4 c for evaDorated •
reaches. 2i,4@4c and 6c for fancy; Apricots, 6V<,r<i I
8c for prime to choice. 9c for fancy and lOSfllic "A
Ibfor fancy Moorpark; Figs, black. 2i/»c for nn
pressed; While Figs. 4c In sa-ks: Pears 7c it
i tt> for evaporated halves, 3Va@tic f> lb for quarters- i
Prunes, B@3V4i: Plums, 3^c » Ib for pitted and I
iy s unpttted; Nectarines, 3y a ®6c %< lb for ;
prime to choice ami 5 V^c for fancy. '
Jobbing PnicKS— Evaporated Apples, 4(a4V,0,
■ lb; sun-arled.il/ifd.2c-. Peaches, 2i/4«iß4c and 6&6 C '
for fancy, peeled In bo&s. Ilfdll2il.c; Prunes 4c
for four sizes. 6@6Vic for 4064505 and 4iA@sc
for 60@60 1 s: Aprcota «Ms@9c for prime to choice j
)o@llc for fancy Moorpark: Figs, black. 3V«c-
lute >igs, 3@sc: Pears, 8c ft Ib tor evapot
»ted halve* and 4#7Vb« for quartern; Piuriis
3%@4eforDittedandl@iyj,c for unpltted; Ne<>
tames, 4@6c t* lb for prime to choice.
RAI^InS AND DRfED PES- Prices are as I
follows, carload- lots, f. o. b. San Francisco: Four- '
crown, loose, 3»4c > th; 3-crown. loose, tV%C- '- I
crown. 2c: seeaießS Sultanas, 3V3@3 s ,*c; 'K-edieas '
Muscatels, 2V 2 @-»/*c: three-crown London layers
70c ft box: dusters. 31 36(31 60: Dehesa clusters.
92 10@2 25; imperial clusters, 92ti0^,2 75; Dried I
Grape.M. %4 Ib. w
Jobbino Pricks— Four-crown loose. 3y 2 c- 3
crown, 2:>4@3c: 2-crown, 'Jt/ i @2y '. feedloss Sul
tanas. 4c & Ib: Peedless Muscatels. 3c: S-crown I
London layers, 76@90c: clusters, 91 60®l 75-
Dihesa clusters, 92 50: Imperial clusters, *2 75-'
Dried Grapes, - —^
NUTS— Walnuts are quoiab t- at »@llo a Ib
for No. 1 hard and ll@l3c || lb for paper-shell Job
bing lots: Almonds, 6#7V2C Ib for Lancue-Joc
and BVi»<aioc for paper-shell, jobbing: Peanuts SV,
@7c for Eii-'lern and 4y2@sVic for California: Hick- '
ory Nuts, G@6c; Pecans, tic for rough and He for '
polished-, l-ilberts, B@9c: r.razii Nuts tlttiyc > >
0,; Cocoanuts, $4 50^.5^ 100. v
HONEY— Comb is quotable at 10®12c '« Ib for
bright and >-fc>:ic V Ib tor lower erades: water
white extracted. 6tis>/jc ?. Jb; light amber ex
tracted, ■11,4'a.1-y.r; dark amber, 4c; dark, '2<e63c.
BEES WAX— 26(g,27' :c: c ? ? u .
PKOVISIOJfS.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, 6c ? Ib for heavy, 7c
for light medium, 9c lb for light.. loc for ex;ra
light and 12c V tb for sugar-cured: l-Jastern bu^ar
cured Hams. liy 3 c: California Ham«. JOe «i n<-
Mi-sr Beef. $7 60(gs; extra mess do, 98 50,U9: fam
ily do, S10: extra prime Pork, $8 .r)O(oH. r )O(oH- extra
clear, £14 V- tbl: mess, $12 %* bbl; Smoked Bear
10c %i Ib. , ' ■
LARD— Eastern, tierces is quoted at 6V4c » !b
for compound and e-'Jic for pure: pails, 7V»c:" Cali
fornia tierces, fi i .»'■ for compound and 01. ic for
pure: half-bbls, 6 Vi (ft 6 Vat--; 10- lb tins, 7i,ic; do 5-k>.
'lie V ib.
LOT TOLKNE— ti';ic in tierces and 7$ 8 c *Ib In
10-tblius.
HIDES. TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPS.
HIDES AND SKINS - Heavy salted steers,
6 J /fc@7c f Ib; culls and brands, 6V a @6c & Ib;
medium, 6 V«s 6c "p lb: culls and brands, 4J/ 2
Mci light, 6c; culls and brands. 4c; Cowhides, 5c
'? tb; culls and brands. 4c: salted Kip, 4c ft Ib;
salted Calf. 6@7c; salted Veal, 6c; dry Hides, 9
fit 10c; culls and brands, 7l-30: dry Kip and Veal,
7ic.Hc; culls. s(iioc: dry Calf, l&C; culls, 10c; Goat>
skins, 20 t 'a3!>c each; Kids. sc: Deerskins, t;ooil
Bummer,2s@3Oc; medium. ls@26c; winter. 9©loc;
sheepskins, shearlinirs. 10'< i 16c each: short wool.
20@36ceach: medium, 40@50c each; long woo.i
66c each. Culls of all kinds about %c less.
TALLOW— No. 1. rendered, 3V4@3%c; No. 2, 3c;
refined, 6%@5 ;4c; 4 c : Grease. 2y a c %* lb.
WOOL— We quote Sprlns Nevada. 6@9c: San Joa
quin and Southern Coast, six months, 4(<s6c \> Ib;
San Joaquln, foothill, good to choice. I^bc: San
Jnaquin, year's fleece, 4 %@6%c; northern free, 7
@9c: do. defective. 5@6»/«c f* lb.
IlOPs— We quote uomlu^ly 2@4c j» Ib.
GENERAL MKRCUANUISE.
BAGS - Calcutta Grain Bans, spot. $4 10®
4 15; June-July delivery, $4 30@4 25; San Quen
tin, 94 20: Wool Bass, 24%@26%c.
COAL— Wellington, $8 %>. ton: New Wellington,
$8 ?» ton: SoutntieM Wellington. $7 60 V ton;
Seattle. $535 60; Bryant, 85: Coos Bay, f 4 60;
Wallsend. *6 60: (scotch, $7 60: brymbo, »7 60:
Cumberland. *13 60 in bulk and $15 in sks:
Pennsylvania Anthracite Kgg, $11; Cannel, $8:
Hock Springs, Castle Gate and Pleasant Valley.
$7 60; Coke, «10 50 in bulk and «12 50* to!i in
sacks. . •
SUGAR— Western Sugar Refinery Company
quotes, terms net cash: Cube, Crushed, Powdered
and Fine Crushed, all 61/30: Dry Granulated, V a c;
Confectioneis' A, 6,4 c;6 ,4c; Magnolia A. 6V4C: Extra
C, 6V»c: Golden C, 6c: half-barrels, 140 more
than barrels, and boxes Vac more.
SYuUP— kioldeu, in bbU, 15c; Black* Strap. 10c
» gal. _______
SAX FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
Wholesale rates for dressed stock from slaugh
terers are as follows:
BliEF— First quality, s@sVic; second do, 4%@
4Sic; third do. SW<*4C V &■
VKAL— Large, s(aoc: small. 6@7c ? lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, 6@5%c; Ewes, 4i/2©sc
V th.
LAM Spring Lamb. 6©6%e ¥ lb.
PORK— Live Hogs, 3@3i4c P lb for large and
?s !i l ji,- for small and medium; dressed do, 4%
&»%c p ib.
ItECEIPTS OF PROKUK.
FOR M Ilnt'RS.
ricnr.ar. «*« 10.846;U1d«5. n0.... 607
Wheat, ctl rnt*. i>di»... 120
Barley, ....... 175 Wool. bis 433
Beaut, ska, 810 Leather. r0U«...._ 115
iXt»toe». ska. 1,67 l Wine. gals 63,800
Onions, ska t>s.' Quicksilver. naiici 70
Hr»i>, Klcs 1,440 l Luinber. M feel... 20
Middling*. «**■-... l.iM'i Urns, bbls i-.n
Hay. tons. 418 Tallow, ctlt If
(straw, tons 44 Raisins, bxa 1.160
Better, etts.. "Oh Chicory, bbls 20
Cheese, ctls. 1 1 0 Mustard seed, sks 513
Eggs, dos 12,150
THE STOCK MARKET
There was not nui' b change In mining stocks
yesterday, as will be seen by the list of sales.
Business was considerably quieter and there was
no excitement.
On the Bond Exchange Hawaiian Commercial
sold down i 0*..0 aud llutchlnson 10 «27.
The weekly report from the Con. Cal. <fc Va. is
M follows:
Con. Cai. a Va.— l6jO level- Are timbering
making repairs and easiui; timbers In south drift
on ninth floor, first floor above sill floor of this
level.
1750 level— From fourteenth to twentieth floor
nt norm end of H-ope.-i. in old cram d of former
work!n?6, and from northwest drift upraise on
east side of ledge, have extracted during week 163
tons of ore, average assay value of which, per
samples tuKen from curs in mine was $61 90 per
ton.
From north end of slope on the eighteenth and
nineteenth floors, on the east nice of the 01.l -ttope
timbers, th»re is 2Vg feet in width of ore, assaying
$78 34 per ton.
In working to the southwest from above men
tioned upraise, on east side, on seventh and ninth
floors above the sill floor, have followrd narrow
streaks of oie assaying from fl2 to £18 per ton.
1600 level— No work has been done on this level
durlu? the week.
100 level— West crosscut 2, started at » point in
nor.h drift 650 feet north from Con. Va. shaft
station, has been advanced .SO feet; total length
289 fee:, passing through porphyry and clay seams
and some quartz, assaying SI and $2 per ton.
Total extraction of ore lor the week amounted to
163 tons, the average assay value of which, per
samples taken from cars when raided to the sur
face was $tll 78 per ton.
Following Are (he Highest Prlceftbnrlng
tho I'ttftt Week.
Stock. Mod. [To— i Wed. Thrs. J*it I Sat.
Alpha 35 1 34 31 321 39 30
Alia _.. 18 20 VOi 20 1« 1«
Andes 50 53 55 :,;> 51 iS
Belcher 74 1.10 1.10 1.10 931 H
Rcit&Belcner.. I.KO 1.85 SJ.IS 1.95 1 80! 1.76
Bodia 7 80 hO 1.00 1.1) 1.10
bullion _.... «5 35 40 40 3b .id
Bulwer 31 4b 45! 41 4- 4t»
Caledonia I" 19 V.O 20 lti 18
ChalletiH-u 65 67 75 75 6* 64
I holiar 2.76 305 3.06 2.85 M.OO 3.00
Con. Cat A V». . 3.50 3.60 3.50 3.40 3.30 3.40
Confidence i.bO: J.»o l>o 1.80 '£ 01' l.« 0
Crown Point.... S4' 1.00 96 9.V 87 80
(Jould <t Curry. 1.60 1.60 V.OO 1»0 1.76 175
Hale & Norcrojj 1.95 2.25 2.10 2.05 2.00 1.95
Mexican 1.20 1.20 1.40 1.25 1.10 1.05
Mono. 15 i 6i 6 _ 0 20 1(; 18
t>phir 2.50 2.65 2.90 2.50 2.41/ 2 30
Overman 25 30 30 30 "7 25
Occidental 1.».% Ji.oo 2.25 2.35 2.15 190
i' otO! " 1.60 1.65 1.90 i.65 1.60 1.56
|2Wv-£ 95 ( 1 -°° 1 -" 1-20 I.KO 130
beg. Belcher.... *<l| 33 30 80 3t. 28
Werra -Nevada.. 1.35 1..'0, l.to 1.50 180 125
;" on 1-05 125 1.30 1.35 l* 1.15
C- .' '" 3 - 5 30 28 i 227
ltUow Jacket.. 76 SO 9o 88 ni\ 76
Stock.
i:oAi;i» salus.
Following w«r«» th» *aiei la tha a»a Fnno!i3»
tloric Board yesterday; • _..
RKfItTLAR MOR>IXfi PESSTOS COKKEXCISn 9:30.
500 Alpha 30, 50 CCA V .'. 3.40200 Overman.2s
10 " Alia lt>l(IOOC 1inp...05850 Potosl 140
..SO Andes ..47 ISO Conll . .1.80 300 1 45
450 Belcner.. .HO2SO Crwn Pt..80J600 Savag'eV.l.2o
800 81 100 79 250 ' 115
f?.«« B * "•■ »-70600 78 '.'OO Scorpion! 10
1000 1.85 450 U — C...1.70 400 See 6 ....J8
100 80d1e...1.05|300 ..1.75 "27
«!!!!„• 1-10150 1.65 500 S Nev!"T.JO
500 Benton ...30 100 HAN . ..1.i,0L'60 . 1 "5
400 Bullion.. 36200 Julia 20 500 rill Hill' 06
100 8u1wer... 46300 Justice. ...lS 100 SyndicateOS
,00 Ch011r..2.ft5 100 Kt-niu k. .10 500 Lulou .1 10
100 90060 Mt-xi. -n.1.05 100 .. 1 15
100 3.ol)|lUo(lCP|dtl_l.B.Y3so Utah '.'27
250 CC\feV...3.25!750 0phir...2.V5 1050 V Jckl 75
'00 8.35' 60 ..2.30|
following were tne itaiai id ma Facias Stoog
••-card j*-st«>rdavt
beoitlar sessiov— 10:3u,
200 Alpha 26200 Crwn Pt...Bi 800 Potoil 145
200 Alia 16100... M3|suO . . "160
800 Andes. ...45 BLIOO -l"47ix
250 Belcher.. .8 1 100 75 100 . '1 Tj
I' 1 " 77 100 Kxchgr.._ 15 200 Savage" l'-'O
SOU 8«8.1.7Ji' 700 131400. ... ?1 22%
"00 l» 400 O A C. 1.651600 .. 1 • i
100 ..1.70*00 1.70 200 , "] 27 1/,
•■^oo 1.65 200 1.671,300 Scorpion..
600 80d1e...1.05 100 l.^i 00 SBifcM '8
500 Bullion.. .36 150 ...I. HO 300 """a?
250 35 800 Julia. 30 300 "" •>(]
300 /..•....37'50i) Kentuck.,lo^oo .. .'. "5
250 8u1wer....45 40J M . ■*. an 1.05300 >i SeVl'lU
200Ca1eda....;61650 1.00 100 . "l">u
100 16200 l-15UOOSIlilin..O6
800 Choliar..2"'B 200 Mono IS 100 UniouC 1 15
500 650 Oecid.... 1.85 250 .. . 1 1(1
600 2.85500 l"*400 Utah"" "5
400 ;.. 2.95550 1.9 • 100 YJaCkM 74
50 3.00 250 0puir... 2.20400 75
1750 CC&V.3.26 200 2.221, t2OO .... • 7(J
500 .3.30350 2.2.. 150 77
400 8.271 100 0vrmn....24;7(.0 .. ""~78
100 3.U5 200 24 1300 72
150 C0nn. ...1.761100 23 200 73
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
SATURDAY. May 16-12 M
.... o«. . *&"%i&m± BlA.Atk*A.
A»Pn»Con 25 27 JMk50n........ 40 —
Alt* 15 17 lull* "~ 19 20
Ancles 48 60 Justice. * 17 ■ 20
Belcher 79 81 b entuox. .__ m 11
Best & BolchK. 170 1.76 Lady Wasb.. — 05
iiodi» 7 1.05 1.10 Mexican _ 1.00 105
JUentonCon..L 25 I — Mono .. , ih '10
Bullion I u-2 34 Nevada — tit
bulwer „ 45 —Occidental. Iho 190
Caledonia 17 18|0phir .7 2.20 2-5
Choliar 2.85 2.90 overman .... 24 '26
Con. CaL * Va. 3.15 3.25 I'otosi I 1.46 1.50
Chall«nK*Oon. 60 64 havre« 1.25 130
Coo. Imperial. 03 04>eg. Belcher... 23 "25
Confl<lenca..._ — 1.60 Scorpion. . . 10 '
Con.New Yore 07 10 Hlver Hlii..".^ 05 07
Crown Point... 75 78 blerra Nevada, 1.15 1.20
:-.iTr;i.Vj» _ UtiUuionCou 1.05 I*lo
Exchequer. — 10 L" tan 21 *23 1
bouid & Curry. 1.70 I.7s|Veilow .JacKM. 69 71
ii>u<.AJ>orcr«.l.e6 1.90.
GOLD TUNING EXCHANGE.
300 Amalle... 200 1600 Lock wood Con 87
Champion * Providence. .
Bid 25 00jBld. .'..'65 00
600 Kdna 60 Asked 80 00
1000 5 1500 Savannah . " 42
200(iranu .....21400 " „ 40
Kennedy 200 .. 41
ABkcd 11 00 Sebasiopol 66
Keystone.. - 400 , „ 55
Bid 6500 L
LOCAL BBCURITIKS.
Asked 100 Atlai lrou Works 1 00
Asked 60 Tuscarora Water...... 760
Bid 50 Oceanic steamship.:. ; - 2900
SlOt'K AMI BOND EXCHANGE.
SATURDAY. May 16-10:30 a. if.
' VvITI>ST»T*I —o.siti. :
■ KirK A**ed.\ ;/;,•:", BIX A--1
C P4seonp-I'-'9%11 l v 8 *« ret... 100 74 - '
Do, new Is.. 117 118 |
MIHCtCI.I. imni
Cal-elCt>less. — %*$ Do. 2<l In fii. — —
CAlElecLGs. — T22\W l'*O Ry 105 130
CntraCW6m. 96% 98. P<tChttv6». - 107 .
l»j>nt c-x-cji 77 85 I'wl-st.RRSi. — 116JA
EdsnLAPes. — 122y 2 Keno. WUtL — 105
F&CH KRB* 104% - Kfver CO6J — 100
Uearr-stRSj. 101 — 1-actoP A L.. - 102 Vi
LceAn^Las. - 103 iFANPHBSgIOa -
Do,Unted.6s. - io - bPRBArls6* — 98
iikt-slCble6sla3 - KPKKCaI6a» lOSVilll
UoßyCons».. — 108 ' £>PilKCalat_ - —
NevCN?R7s. 98 106 Sx'BrßC'aia*. 885 . —
NPCKRSs.IO4 106 BVWaterds.. l]Bv 8 1185/ i,
ity Cal Us. 102 - SVWateris.. 89 99\l
KBy Cal 6s. — 100 |StktnO&E6»- — 10 1
OakUaa ss. 100 104% SunstT«fcT6s. 100 —
Do. 1.1 lss is. 10 . — Sutter-»t.Kjj.lO7l,a —
Omnibus 63.. 1193;, _ VisaliaWCd* — 94
1-MCP.OlUltii. - _ I
WAT-"-. STOCK*,
Contra Costa 89Wj 40iAlSanJoso 75 inn
KarinCo.... 60 - |»prtngVaUa7 -99% 99%
• /* trurK-i.
Cuplfal — 34 1 Pacific Ll«ht. 465/ 8 —
Central.. .. 95 _ san ranusco 91! V 2 92 Vs
Oak li LA H. 013.4 53 btOCktou. .... — »IV*
i-acuaalaiu, b6 87 |
IX»Uk»XCK si- >cso
FlremausFd.l7oyß — |Sun . 4i -
m ...:■. :aL ha vie "-Ti^lC«
-1 Annerß*TU. — — LondonPA A.128y41V9
Anrlo-Cal ... 61 69 LcndonJtdtf. — 27%
Bank of CaL. 239 242% Merch Kx_.. l'J —
CaISDATCo. 531/ a — I Nevada — ? — ."■■-/
FlrstNaUoaLl7B 182% tjather B 00. — .;.— -.".'
Uraneers — — — . I . ♦
• Ai-IXtIS BANK ITTICI
GerSALCo..I4IS — [favA Loan.. — 100
HumbS&L.llOO 1451 Security....- - 260
Mutual — 40 Cnloa Trust. 750 805
bt £suv Union — 486 1
bTßßirr RAILROAD KTOCKI. -X' * '
California.... — 110 Oak.HL&Ua/ — 100
Geary-st 65 75 Presidio...— 7547 S 4 10
Market-st..- 45% 46 |Satier-sC — , — •;
' tiW.'^R SVOCKi.
Atlantic D... :6ii 171.4 Judson - — —
Bast rni>.,. — ' 90 lUlam. 23 24
California.... 65 — IVisonu — 95c
Hl'C'-LLAXHIVH STOf-TI.
Alaska ricn. C 614 — tOceanlcSSCa 20 26%
RlkDCoalOa. — 10 PacAuxFA.. 1 • —
L'alCotMUls.. — — lac Borax... 94 100
CalDrvDoclc. — — I'ucl&NCo. — 80
Edison Light 117 118 Pac Roll Mm — —
GasConAsin. — — Parfl'aintCo. 6% 7%
Ost Lead Co. HO — I'acT'ranaCOL — a*
llawCASCo_ IVY* 20 PacT&TUo 65 70
lluUihSPCa. 27 '-'7 1 KunaetTAT.. 41 —
JndsonMfitC — — lUmiedUOOb. — Hi
ilertx AsjulOU 110 I
BALKS— MOBS I BKH»IHV
Roard—
10 Hawaiian Commercial 20 62y.
100 do do 20 50
•if*} do do 20 25
20» do do. b i 20 00
6 llutchlnsoa > I'CO. V 7 M
70 do do 27 OU
10 Market-st Railway 45 75
Street—
200 Hawaiian Commercial '.'1 00
25 Pacific Lighting 46 71
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS
Koaiuto Yo<emite— J. •', City, m; 1 others.
In Atiswtrs to Corru»pcu«lents o»- ''»•_■ M lust,
the lift of roads to Yoft-inlle war . ...'l'hcJ.
PEi.r.r.ATn;s-AT-LARi!E— B. F. 11., . -\ Dele
gates to 11 convt-ntlon represent crrtain dis
trict!!, while delegatcit-at-iarge repreMnt the
whole State.
Two Dates— O. A. J., Fair Play, Xl Dorado
County, cal.— The 4tti of July, in."*!), fell on
Monday, ami tne yOth of October, 187-*, fell on
a Wednesday.
To Jnis the Navy— J. M., City. It you wish
to join the navy Mini your aj }>in-ati<iti to tlie
commander of the r«.-ce>viug-ship Independence
at Mare Island. \
Alabama Senatoius— J. C. R., Sutnner, Kern
County, Cal. The Senators from Alabama at
this session of Congress are John T. Morgan
and James L. Pugh.
I. n -enre is Oakland-F. D. 11., Kesvvick. Cel.
At no time has the lititior liccns!" been higher
in Oakinnd t!ian it is at present— sloo j.er
quarur, or $400 a year.
Worth Tex Cents— j. 11. M., city. A dime
of lt<!U is worth, jim 10 cents, unless it is one
01 tbOK iMoed tiiHt year from the branch
mint a: bati Francisco.
vary Opera Company— R. C. 11., City. The
Tavary <jrand Opera Company commenced its
third annual engagement at the Grand Opera
house lsst Monday (May 11) in the city of New
York. Mnie. Thea Dorre is still with the com
pany. • ■■-'■■■■-'■■;.■■■
Old Directories— C. P. M., Forest City, Cal.
Some of the libraries would possibly purchase
old directories if they did not happen to have
any such as you have on their shelves. You
can ascertain by writing to the librarian of
any of the libraries 01 the State.
Argonaut Miking Case— a. W. J., Ogden,
Utah. The case of the Argonaut Mining Com
pany against the Kennedy Killing and Mining
Company of Jackson, Airifi'lor County, is still
On the calendar of the United States Circuit
Court. It will be called on July 2 aud on that
day will Ml for trial.
Distilling— .11. D., Ukiah, Mcndocino
county, Cil. Distillation of herbs, roots and
flowers may be performed in a small way with
a glass retort and receiver, the heat applied by
a spirit lamp and the condensation effected by
placing the retort in cold water or surround
ing it with a cloth wet with cold water.
Civil Service— ll. S., City. All information
about the Civil Service Commissions and the
date of examination was published in the issue
of The Call of Monday, April 13. Further
information and examination blanks may be
had at the Postoffice, Custom-house and Ai>
praiser's building (internal revenue office).
The Utah Star— S., City. The star on the
blue field of the American flag that is to rep
resent the new State, Utah, will not be placed
there until the 4th of next July. Each addi
tional star is placed on the line on the 4th of
July following the admission of ablate. Utah
was admitted on tbe 4th of last January.
Pawnbrokers— J. B. W., City. The law of
this State says that every pawnbroker who
charges or receives interest at the rate of more
than 2 per cent per month, or who, by charg
ing commission, discount or other charges, or
by compounding increases or attempts to in
crease such interest, is guilty of. a misde
meanor.'
A Voter's Residence— Subscriber, City. The
law of tii is State says 'the place where a man's
family residts must be held to be his resi
dence," i*o if a lnHn'h family resides in Aia
ini-dn County and the business in which ho is
engaged require! hin to remain in Pan Fran
cisco he must register in Alameda County in
order to vote.
Center-boabd—S., Stockton, Cal. There ore
nearly 120 patents for center-boards, and with
out knowing under which of these patents you
wish to build your center-board it is impos
sible to tell the size board for such a vessel as
you describe. You will save time an 4 trouble
if you submit your inquiry to a competent
ship buil'ier.
A Miner's Inch— E. H. R., City. In Cali
fornia a miner' 6 inch of water is that quantity
which will pa.ss ttirough an opening one inch
square in the bottom or side of a vessel under
a pressure of four inches above the opening
during a period of twenty-four hours. Fifty
miner's inches is equivalent to the discharge
ot one cubic foot of wutor pel second.
To Yoskmite— G. E. X., City. About the most
direct route from ban Fninciseo to Yosemite
via Stockton and the Big Trees is to Stockton
by rail ninety-two miles, from Stocktou to Mil
ton nineteen mik-s, then by stage via Calm-eras
or Mariposa Grovc-s eighty-live miles. If you
start from this City intundmg to go right
straight tliruugh the principal attraction on
the way is the scenery and the various cities
and villages you will pass through until you
reach the valley. There you will see some oi
the greatest natural wonders of the world.
Bonds— R. EL, OaKiand, Cal. The call for the
latest is^e of bonds did not specify the kind
of coin in which the bonds should be paid.
The language of the call was:
The bonds will be dated on the Ist day of Feb
ruary, lH9t>, and be payable in coin thirty years
alter that date, and will bear Interest at 4 per cent
per annum, payable quarterly in coin: but all
coupons maturing on ur before the Ist day of
February, lH9ti. will be detached and the pur
chuH.rs will be required to pay in United states
gold coin or gold certificates for the bond* awarded
to them.
yTRADWAiurs— C. M., City. It is stated by those
in a position to know that there is no genu
ine Antonio Stradlvarius violin in this City.
This department has not room to explain "how
one may ba able to distinguish a genuine from
an imitatior Stmdivarius," but if you will go to
the Free Public Liorary and consult volume 3
of '-Grove's Mus.c and Musician>," to be found
in the reference room, you will iind there a
very long but Interesting article, that will tell
you all about the various violins made by
btradivarius and their peculiarities.
St. Michael's— A. R.. City. The poem en
titled "How lie Saved St. Michael's." descrip
tive of a colored slave in Charleston, S. C,
who clambered to the top of a spire to extin
guish a fire, who refused money for his ser
vices, and the closing lines of which areas
follows, was written l>y M. A P.Stansbury:
"You may keop your i;o!d ; I scorn it ! but answer
me, ye who ess.
If the deed 1 have done before you be not the
lit ■ .i of a man ?"
He stepped but a short space backward ; and from
a' l i he women :ud men
There were only sobs for answers; and the Mayor
called fora pen
And th-- gnrnf seal of the city, that he might read
who ran:
And the slave who saved Bt. Michael's went out
from its door a mini.
California Flowers— E. G. S., Livermore,
Cal. This department has not the room to pub
lish the names of all the California wild flow
ers. You may possibly obtain such a list by
communicating with the Academy of Sciences,
this City. The lollowing is a list of some of
the most beautiful and attractive wildflowers
of the State: Buttercups (Kanunculucise Cali
fornicus), evening primrose (CEnothera c'ali
fornicus), burr clover (Orthocarpus huearilo
bus), baby-blue-eyes (Xemophila menziesii),
yeilow poppy (Eschscholtzia Californica),
larkspur(delphinium Caliiornicura),wild thriit
(Me*enibryantherauni wqilserale), cluster lily
(broditea capitala), yellow violet (vi.ila pen
dunculata), wild verbena (abronia umbeila:a),
bluebells (phacelia wliitlavia) snap dragon
(nunnlaa lutt-us), shooting st.ir (dodcc.-tthooii
media) wild peony (paeonia beowniij, Chinese
cigarette b:oom (nicotiana glauca), wild helio
thrope (plincelia tanacotiioliaj, tidy lips (cail
larcaa aristata), snow plant (saroodefl urn
guinea), forgot-me-not [merteosia sibrlca)
azalea (rhododendron occidentalc), spotted lily
(lilium columbranuum), salmon lily (rubus
nulkanus) and mariposa lily (ealoclioitus).
THE CALL CALENDAR.
May, 1896.
bu.Mo.Tu.^Th.^.^. Mooa . BlWfc
1 2 ~~~"
; (J*M*st Qu»rtn>r.
3 4 5 « 7 8 T!^ *"L*-
ii ii ii ii ii ii Mp yew Mi? 0
17 18 i 19 20 |21j 22 23 j /-ft First Quarter
; -JJ May 19.
24 25 26 27 '28 29 30
j 1 ©Full Moon.
31 I <2? May 26.
OCEAN STEAMERS
Dated of Departure From San Francisco.
HTKAMKK | DESTINATION. [ SAILS. > PIKK.
Pomona. | ilomboldllSay I May 17. »v I'.r i
C0r0na...... Pan Diego M«jr 17,1 Pierll
Colombia... Panama MavlM.la M P Mss
Columbia... Portland MayIH.KUM Pier 21
CUyl'uebla. , Vie * l'« Sao May 19. Bam Pier 8
ure it » Mewooß !Mnyl9. Hah Plorll
Ara«o Coos Bar MayVO.IOAM , Tier l.«
U>pot: MM Hirer 'May 20. tun' PiPr i:<
China China Japn. May'-'O. «pm I'M 9 S
fcauUkitOM.. -an Illi^o Ma'vji.i lam Pier U
Arratn . Oregon ports.. Mayjl. ;lam Pier 2-4
ABlancnaru Otpkoii ports.. May'i'J. Bpm mr IS
iut.Mirie .. linurs llaroor ItajrSS, J
Elate or Cai Portland .. Mh.vJ;<.loam PlerJl
ft rani NevrDort May US. »am Pier II
Aii'Tal-a.... ■ Honolulu May loam Oceanic
>arauon . * nauiiitt liar., htajras, 6pm Pier —
Wb'.UW. Vie A- I'g: Wn;l Ma*y'J4. 9am Pier
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE
Si . \M i-.K | Know I I>l'<
Arcata.... r Portland K.May 17
Mackinaw litroma May 17
Inickee Tillamoolc May 17
Weeoiu Kei Kiver May 17
Kurt'Ka .... Newport ..Nay 17
Araro : uoo« cay May 18
San Mateo ComOl May IS
Willamette Portland I ..May 18
Pant* Koaa. San Oieeo- May IS*
Beißlc China and Japan May 19
North Font Hum bo id; bay May 19
Alice ßlancnani Portlana May 19
(-"'••on.- i Crescent City May 19
Walla Walla Victoria i'agei wounii ..May 'JO
BiateolCa: eortlana M»y2o
Del N0rt8. ...... jUrays Haroor Ma/ ?0
Fomnna. : HnmbotcU way ..May 20
Farallon VaaulnaUar May VI
Strain ' Newport. May 21
San Bias Panama Miiy 22
Crescent City. .. | Crescent Cur. May TA
Corona San Diego. May 23
Smiol Grays Haroor May 24
Columbia I Portland . Afar 25
Orizaba Mexico. _ May "<;.">
n-.ailiia. . . victoria .^ l*n"p; -toon ■ . . ay '.' 5
SIX, MOON AND TIDE
U. P. Coast and CiFonmrio StTRVKT TtDRI
Brl-t-KTfS- PfBLIKHED BY OKFICIAt. V
ArTHIIHITYOP THK SDPKBiyTKSDKNT. )
Sunday May 17.
Sunrises 4 561 Moon rlse3
Sunsets 7.17|M00u seta 11.43pm
Blhv — 1896.
I Tim. Fee; jTim» Feet H^ll Feet I^ p Fe«
a'Ml W I. .-. H SV L W
171 l.lal 6.2| 9.00-0.81 4.54 4.11 9.UVI 3.1
18 2.19 4.6 9.52 —0.5 S.SX 4.3 10.'24 U S
19 3.44 4.4 10.47—0.1 6.17 4.7 11.44 2.4
'-'0 5.22 4.1 11.51, OS 6.58 4.9
L W Feel HW I Feet I L \v Fee: 11 W Feet
21 j 0.57 1.7 6.50 4 0 12.46 0.8 7.34 b.O
22 1.50 1.0 j 8.10 4.2 1.38 1.2 8.10 5.8
'.':) 8.45 0.2 9.24 4.4 2.30 1.6 8.46 57
HYDROGRAPHIC BULLETIN
£11 AN' f; II nYnKOTRAFntoOFFICB, U. 3. .V. -»
JISRCHANTS' Kxchan-bv- >-
fax Francisco. May 10. 1593. )
The time ball on Telegrapn HUt was dropped
exactly at noon to-day— t c., at noon of the IJJ;;i
tuerldiau, or exactly at d m.. Greenwich tim*
A. F. Fkcbtels*.
Lieutenant C S. N.. in char? 1
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE
Arrived.
SATURDAY, May 18.
U stmr Oregon. GoodalJ, from -.rial trip In
Santa Barbara Channel via c antaCruz; 44 hours
from Sa-ita Barbara, 5 lours from Santa Cruz.
Stmr Pomona. Doran. 13*4 hours Iron) l-.uri-ka;
put and null", to Good all, Perkins A Co.
S:mr Australia. Iloudlette, 6 days aud 19i/» hrs
from Honolulu ; pass and rudse, to J D Spreckela
& Rros Co.
Stmr Scotia. Johnson, 25 hours from KureKa
-25 M ft lumber, to J R Hanify.
stinr Empire, Anderson, ntt hours from Astoria
lumber and uroduce, to North Pacific Steainshin
Co.
Ship Samaria, Reed, 135 (lavs from Baltimore
-2014 ton* co.ii. to \V G Stafford.
Bark Holliswood, Knight, 2'J days from Hono
lulu: pass and '-'9,577 bass sugar, to J D Snreck
els * Bros Co.
Bktn Uncle John. Murchison. 5 days from Grays
llarbor: lumber. 10 Simpson Lumber Co.
schr Anna, M.icdonn:d, 'J3 days irom Malm
kona:.sugar, to J D spreckels * Bros Co.
Schr Volant, Errat, 24 days from Mahukona
sugar, to j D >precfcels & Bros Co.
tJeht Kva, Kl:u»rd, J.i days from Kahului: 6345
ba<rs sncar. to Alexander A Baldwin.
Schr Melancthon, R«lls»n, 7 days from Grays
Harbor: lumber, to Simpson Lumber Co.
Schr Albion, Svenson, 6 days from Coauille
River: HO M. ft lumber, to Simpson Lumber Co.
Cleared.
SATURDAY. May 18.
Stmr Columbia, Holies, Astoria; Oregon Railway
and Xav Co. 
stmr Corona, Hall, San Diego: Uoodall, Perkins
& Co.
Ship Wachusett, Hayden, latapa: S X Slade
Lumber Co.
Hr ship Arctic Stream, Bowen, Sydney; J J
Moore A Co. -■..&•-■ >■■■
Brig Geneva, Paulsen, Unalaska; Alaska Com
mercial CO. :
Schr John G North, Raimussen, Honoipu: Wil
liams, Diinond <fc Co.
Sailed.
SATURDAY, May 16.
StmrNav&rro, Hardwlck. '
Ship Waetiusevt, Harden, ltapa.
Rrshlp Red Hick. Williams, < ape Town.
Scar Bessie K. Anderson, Albion.
Schr John (i North. Rasmussen, Honoipu.
Schr Okanogan. Moore, Por: Gamble.
Hchr Coquelle.'Pearson, Coquille River.
»chr Maxim, Olson. Caspar.
Charter*.
The ship Desdemona loads lumber at Hast
ings Mills for Valparaiso for orders. Plaagaa range.
355: schr Ethel Zane, lumber at Port Blakeley for
balinaCruz.
Telegraphic.
POINT LOBOS. May 16 -1J p. _.-Weatllef
hazy: wind NW; velocity 30 miles.
Spoken.
No date— 6N, long as W, Br ship Lord j
Cairns, from Swansea, for sun Francisco.
April*— Lat 48 S. long 64 W, Br ship Black- i
braes, from Liverpool, for San Francisco.
April -.'B— Lat 11 N, lone 27 W, ship James Nes
mlth, from New York, for Oregon.
April 21— Lat 14 S. Ions? SB \V, Br bark Lyder
born, from Cardiff, for Santa Roialia.
Domestic I'urts.
COOS BAY— Arrived May 16— Stmr Araso. hnce
May 18.
MENDOCINO-Arrlved May 16-Stmr Point
Aumi;.. hence May 14. ;
GRAYS HARBOR— Sailed Mar 15-«-"chr C A
Thuyer, schr John X Miller, for San Francisco '<
PORT HADLOCK— Arrived May 16-SchrQueen
from Red fish Lay. •
PORT GAMBLK-Salled May 16-Schr Mary B
Kus,. for San Diego.
Arrived May 16-Hchr Lucy, hence May 6.
EUREKA— Arrived May 16-Strur Farallon.hnc
May 14; srmr Weeott, hence May l»;strur Arcaia
from Portland.
saileu May IB— H.mr Fasallon, for Yaqulna Bay •
s:mr Arcata, for San Francisco.
PORT LOSANGELKS-SaUed May 16-Stmr
Alcazar, for San Francisco.
EsTPORT-smlea May 10-Stmr Protection
lor Redo rid o. . ■■.-.-.
TATOOSH-Passed May 16-Schr Joseph Rus-t
from New Wtiatrom, for San Diego.
SAN DIEUO-saile-l May 15-Stmr Newsboy,
for San Francisco: II B M stmr Icarus
PORT TOWNSEND- Arr ved May 16-Sc',r
Zampa, from (iuaymas; schr Queen, from Red fish
nay ; okln Monitor, from San Pedro ■ .
BEAR It-Sailed May 16-Stmr West
port, for Port Los Angeles.
Foreign Port*.,
HONOLULU— Arrived May 7— Stmr Marlnosa.
hence Apr 3D. " ...... . , .. . — .
Sailed May 7— Stmr Mariposa, fir Sydney; Br
bark Foxglove, for La Llbertad: brig Courtney
Ford, for San Francisco, ■ via Kahulul. May 8—
Bark Melro4e, for Royal Roads. May 9— Bark C
D Bryant, for San Francisco.
AUCKLAND— Sailed May 16-Stmr Alameda,
for Suti • ram'lsco.
HAMBURO-Salled May 12-Ger bark Henry
Clement, for Santa Rosalia.
YOKOHAMA— Sailed May 15— stmr Victoria
for Puget Sound. --
Importation*.
HONOLULU— Per Australia-10.074 bags sugar,
1650 ba«s r.Ce. IH hags coffee. 1 bag hair, 3 uxs
betel leaves, 6-i25 bchs buuaoas. 735 bxa bananas,
234 bxs pineapples, 133 bxs niangoes. 36 pkgs
fruits ati'l vegetables 88 pkg» mdse, 1 1 bdls shee;>
siclns, 333 bdls green nld«3, 670 emotr beer Icegs.
65 empty wine casks, 5 pkgs pine plants. 3 pkgs
parcels. -
KUREKA— Per Pomona- IB rolls leather, 7 hf
tubs4 tubs 1 ke-r 78 bxs butter, 66 pkgs mdse, 1
crate doer, 665 shinties. 13 dressed ciives, '£
bbls mineral water. 12 pk?s express, 1 8-: coin.
S R and E B R-10 tfU* milse. 311 Iks 53 tub?
buuer, 1 cs cigar», 1 bx furs. 5 bdls wrappers 29
doors, 1 cs hardware.
Junction— so ski peas. •
r.oliuerville— ITh Ls potatoes.
PORTLAND— Per Empire-:* c* shoes. 40 sks
flour. tj4SsK.s oats. 16 sks wheat. 60 sks middlings,
464 sks potatoes, 200 M ft lumber.
Consignees.
Per Austra'la-W L Taylor: A F Gunn: Califor
nia Wine Association;' Rlake, Moffitt & Towne: C
M Eelshaw; Chluda & Hach; Chicago Brewing
Co: Enterprise Brewery: F.veleth & Nash- Hyman
Bros; Holbrook, Merrill i Stetson: M DVa'nva!;
J Ivancovlch <fc « 0: liSemtesm & Co- Mrs S L (iu
lick: .National Brewery; L G Sresovich & Co- The
Hlcks Juiid Co: J D sprecicels & Bros Co; Welch
Co;Wetmorc Bros; Williams. Dlmond it Co: Royal
Kn,' c Distillery Co: San Francisco Breweries: M o
Grinbaum & Co and various Chinese merchants
Per Pomona— A C Nichols & Co: C H Stewart:
Brigham, HoppeA Co: Dodge, Sweeney &Co ■ JR
Hanlfy: Dairymen's Union: Foiling, Creasy & Co;
E Jlockler: tiny A Mitchell; ueorge Simpson:
Italian-Swiss Colony: Hthernia Brewery: .Jackson
Napa sod Works: Wioland Brewing Co: National
Ice Co: Standard oil Co: Wellman, Peck & Co- V
s Brewery: Wells, Fargo * Co; OB .Smith Co;
Wellmnn, Peck <te c«. : Brigham, Hoppe «t Co: Arc
tic OH Works; C F. Wliltnev <t Co; GeU Bros & Co;
Hills Bros: Dunham. Carrlgan A Co; Horn &Co;
Ross & Hewlett ; Kowalsky A Co; F1? Haight : Pao
I'oast Mill and Lumber Co: t! X Whitnev A Co:
Hills Bros: Phelan A Fish: Biisoads Saw Co; Wil
liams A Marvin; II Dutard: Wolf A Son.
P«r Empire— A L Bryan Shoe Co: Wolf A Son;
Thomas Loughran: Moore, Ferguson A Co: order;
ii Dutard; D>: Allison A Co: J Kverdlng A Co;
McDonoush & Runyon; Geo Morrow & Co.
For Late Shipping /.;.•,•, --,- Srr Foxtrlriith Paa'.
RAILROAD TRAVEL. ,
Atlantic '"^^^
Pacific 'A
Trains leave troiu .in ! arriw <tv s^-xV.^f $&,
at MarkL'i-s;rc-;-t Ferry.
»*4^<v^ jv* —^L3a3
SANTA FE EXt>Kfc»J
To,Ch«csgi) via A. & V. Direct Line
Leaves every dny at 5 p. m.. carry I Pullman
Palace Sleepers and Tourist Sleepers to ChloafO
via Kannati City without change. Annex can for
Deuver and St. Louis.
Tuu i-niu..! a.. ■ I'A FE ROUTE EXCUR-
SIONS leave every WEON'F,SI>At for IJJSTOX
with the veiy latest up-to-<li!t ■ uplioisten-d tourist
sleepers, in char; • of experleuced agents, running
tbrouch todps-inntlo'i
The best railway from California to the East.
New rails, new ties: no dust: Interesting scenery;
and good meals in Harvey's dlnlwj-rouan.
Ticket Offlce— o44 Karkei Street,
" '. lir.iiin-l'.- lilin^.
OCEAN STEAMSHIPS.'
O. Jir^.- c 53 INT.
TO
ASTORIA AND.PORTLAND.
$2.50 Second Class, $5 First Class,
! MEALS AND BERTHS INCLUDED.
; feiato of California sails May 23 and June:?
Columbia sails Kay 18 and 28
From Bpear-st. Wharf (Pier 24) at 10 a. m.
teOODAUL, JPKRKINB it CO., r.en 1 .. Snpts.
V. k\ CONNOR. General Acent,
| 630 Market s:rejt.
PACIFIC COAST STEIIfISaiP COMPACT
CUT RATES
TO — —
VICTORIA, B. C, and
PUGET SOUND.
I*lx*ot; Glass _8.00
; Second Class-^SOO
Meals and berth included.
Ticket Office- — 4 Hew Montgomery Street.
GOODALL, PKRKIXS '& CO..
I Hfieral Agents.
| PACIFIC COAST mwjw foap.ni
I STEA3IER3 WILL SAIL FROM JSt~&
; > Broadway whurf, baa Francisco, :-.i £sS3t
toll own: v;w .-':■ lnil(>
For Mary Island. Lorlns. WraiifreU Juneau, Kil-
lisnoo aua Sitki (Alaska), at, a a. it., itay 14,
•JP. Jan« 3, la, .s. vs. .
For Victoria anJ Vancouver (R. C.I, Part Town-
, send, Seattle, Tacomiv, Kverett, Ana.% r.nd Sew
I Wl.atcom (Bclllntjham Ray, \\'u«ta.), 9 a. m.
Kay 4. 9. li, ,'■, -li. 39, and every lif:h
dny thereafter, connoting at Vancouver with,
the C. ft B. i:.. a: Ta..-oma with N. P. R. R_
' lit Seattle with G. N. Ry., a. Por; Townieii'i wita
Alaska steamers.
10. Kureka, Arcata nad Fields Landing (fl!in>
boliit Bay) str. Pomona, a p. m.. .my 1. S. 9.
li». 17. 21. 25. '29. mi 1 .very fourth d«v thereafter.
For Santa Cruz, Monterey, Pan Simeon, Cayuco*
i Fort Harfor.i an Luis Obispo), Oaviota, Santa
Rarbara. Ventura. Hueneme. sp.n Pedro. Ka3t .San
Pedro (Los Anjreios) ami Newport, at 9 a. m.. May
K. 7. 11. 15, 19, 23, '27, 31 and every fourth day
thereafter. ■
For Shn Dlrro. stopping only at Port Karforl
(San 1.-.iis Obispo), Snnta r.nrbara. Port Lo»
j Angeles, Kedonilo (Los Aneeies) and Newpor:, 11
a. H.. Mar l. ... 51. 13. 1,-, 41, -J5, 28 aai
every fourth day thereafter.
1 or Knspuada, san Joso del Cabo, Mtasattan L»
Tax. Altata and Gaaymaa (Mexico), «*,r. Oriz.»b\ •
i 10 a. »i.. M.-v .>: Mr. i oo* Bay, 10 a. m.. May 18.
Ticket oOica Palace Hotel, 4 New ilomgomerj
: Mreet.
'HALL, PER KIN'S <£ CO., Gen'l AeTOtli
1 lOMnrtetHi. Hn;i ;'r!\in-isc.-v ■
CtifieillEGßllßAL TRATSATLAXTIQUS
French Lino to Han">.
/COMPANY'S PIER (NE\V).4'2 NORTH
\J River, foot of Morton st. Travelers hy ■45&91&
this line avoid both transit oy Knglisli raliwajr aa I
the discomfort of crossing the channel In a small
1 boat. New Vort: to Alexandria, B^ryp^ via Par;*
! first-class $100: second-class, $116. '
LA 1" i 1 -Ml?.- ti. NO] Klip .. .U.i, 16.4 A.M.
LA TOURAINK. ("apt. Santelli.. May 2:> Ba. m.
LA NOBMAKDIE May. 23, 8 A. M.
LA GASCOGJN'E Iv c .<•. 7A. M.
LA -Mil. .M.I nay 4. 6 a. M.
LA OASOOGXK Inly U. 11 a. h.
L.a Mill rwniM .... Ausust 1. 6 a. m.
LA BOUROOONE. ( >nt. Leh -»::f .Tine (>. 7a. m.
S3" For further particulars apply to
 „_ A.FORofer. Asren^
No. 8 Bo v i n . oreon, New Yorlc
J. F. FT'OAZI A CO., Agents, 5 .Montgomery
avenue, San Francisco.
OCEANIC S.S. CO. f\ DAYS TO
HAWAII, SAMOA, IW HONOLULU
NEW ZEALAND, BTl} by
AUSTRALIA. \J* S.S. AUSTRALIA.
S. S. AUSTRALIA for HONOLULU only, Satuf
day. liny its, at 10 a. m. Special party rates.
S. S. M'NOUAI sails via HONOLULU and
AUCKLAND ior SYDNEY. Thursday. May SI
a: " f. h.
Line toCOOLGARDIE, Aust., and CAPETOWX,
8. Arr. J. D. SPRISOKfcLS & HROS. CO., Act*,,
114 Montgomery it. I
Freight Offlce. 327 Market St., San Fr»ucl3cq
WHITE mi. USE.
United States and Royal Mail Steamers
BETWEEN?
New York, Queonstovwn & LlvarpoQi,
SAILING EVKKY AViiEK.
CABIN, $60 AND UPWARD, ACCORD- ->-«
Ins to steamer anil accommodations &__flß
•elected: second oabln, 935 and *40: Maje*.:c uml
Teutonic Steerage Tickets from England,- Ire-
land, .Scotland, Sweden, Norway »nd Denmark ■
through to San Francisco at lowest rates. Tickets,
sailing dates ami cabin. plans may be procured
from W. H. A VERY, Pacific Mall Doric, or at ih*
General Offlce of the Company, 013 Market street
under Uraud Hotel. a. W. FLETCHKR.
General Agent lor Pacific Coast.
ROYAL MAIL STEASJACEET COIPAH.
STEAMERS LEA YE ABPINWAI.L AM.
fortnightly for the West Indies and <*s3hkß
Southampton, calling en route at C'-rbourtfii, '
France, and Plymouth to land passenger*. " • '
Through bills of lading. In connection with tns
Pacific Mail 8. S. Co., issued for freight »nd trek*.
■re to direct ports in England and Germany.
Through tickets from San Francisco to Plymouth. '
Cbarbourg, Southampton. First class, $ 105: thlri
slms. »97 MX for further particulars apply to
FAHROTT <fe CO., Agents.
306 California Sb
STOCKTON STEAMERS
Leave Pier No. 3, Washington St.,
At 5 I', iv s Ujiily.
Sunday at 7 P. 31.
JB3- Accommodations .Reserved by Telephone.
STtAMEIIs:
T. C. Walker, - J. D. Peters.
Mary Garratt, City of Stockton.
Telephone Main 805." Cai. Nay. and Impt. Co.
FAIIEJO, MARE *BE«CIA, POUT
COSTA All CROCKETT.
STB. MOXTICELLO,
Dally, except Saturday and Sunday- 10:30 A. » • '
and F. M. ; Saturday, 10:30 a; m., 3:30 r. Ml
•4».M.oniy. bnnd * y - 8p ' lt
tandin C , Miasiou 1, Pier *.
3132
FOR THE SOLDIERS
AND THE SAILORS
The Salvation Army's New
Movement in Their Special
Behalf.
WAEHIORS UNDER TWO FLAGS.
Fighting Men of the World to Be Re
enlisted Under the Motto "Love
Shall Conquer."
The Naval and Military League cf the
Salvation Army is about to be inaugurated
in the United States.
It has been in operation in England
only long enough to fully demonstrate
what great results may be expected trom
it wnen it shall follow the track of ti.e
army round tne world. Major Lewis, who,
under General Booth, is the head and
front of the movement, believes that it
will be the greate.-t of all peace commis
sions. Working among the fighting men
of the world, its doctrine is peace. Carry
ing the Mac of "blood and fire," there is
written on it the motto, "Love Shall Con
quer."
"The league is immensely popular in the
army— l mean the Queen's army— and in
Major Lewi?, Who Stands at the Head of tho Salvation Army's New "Naval and
Military League" for the Salvation of Soldiers and Sailors.
the navy, and starting with a single corps
in London our soldiers and sailors have
carried and planted our banner in the
most remote quarters of the world," said
Major Lewis.
Major Lewis is that pretty, fresh-faced
young English woman vrho accompanied
the consul, Emma Booth, on her recent
visit to San Francisco.
She is to form a part of the official
family of Commander Booth-Tucker in
this country. In England she was devot
ing herself wholly to the league. She had
her own headquarters ana was in direct
communication through correspondence
with army and navy chiefs throughout the
British Empire looking to a recognition
and assistance by them of the new move
ment. She was detailed to accompany
Commissioner Eva Booth to come to
America at the first reports of the seces
sion of Ballington Bootn, and within
twenty -four hours' notice turned over the
affairs of the league to her understudy and
took ship. She expected to be back in
London with the Bailin.ton Booth affair
happily adjusted within three weeks.
That was months ago, and she is not only
still here but has been ordered to remain.
The headquarters of the league will be
shifted with her from London to New
York.
Major Lewis intended whiie here to
establish the first corps of the league in
this country, but the iliness of the consul
kept her so absorbed in other affair- that
she was prevented from taking any steps
in the matter. Upon the return of the
commander to New York she will at once
set about placing the new movement on
its feet.
"A soldier and a sailor," said Major
Lewis, in talking about the league during
her visit here, •'likes his religion hot. He
liKee action. The Saivation Army methods
answer the demand of his nature exactly.
For years General Booth has been pressed
by people interested in the welfare of the (
sailor and the soldier to - do something I
bpecially in their interest.'
"In response to that pleading he con- j
ceived the idea of the league and set me
to work to execute it. My first step was
to ask for the recognition of the Salvation
Army by the Government as a religious
organization. You know there are only
five churches officially recognized by the j
Government, the Church of England, the I
Koruan Catholic, the Methodists, Presby- :
terians and Jews. For attendance at the
services of any of these organizations the
soldier is given a money allowance in ad
dition to his pay as a soldier. We desire
that our followers shall have the same
consideration. The revenue would enable
them to sustain and push the work.
"But we are not standing still and wait
ing. Not by any means. The league is
already at work almost at every place
where England's soldiers are, or where
there is an Bngliah naval or shipping sta
tion. We have only entered upon the
work and yet I may truly say we have
done a vast deal of good. It would sur
prise you, I'm sure, to look over one day's
mail at our headquarters. Why, since
arriving here letters have been forwarded
me telling of earnest letters of inquiry by
men in San Francisco concerning our work
for the sailor. Ship-owners and agents are
giad to hilp us in the work, for they know
it wilJ upiiit the men. But it is the men
themselves who receive news of the league
as a message of glad tiding. Poor Jack,
you know, is such a segregated Deing. He
is here to-day and away, where nobody
seems to know or care, to-morrow. He
can have no ties like other people.
"The Saivation Army offers him a great
family that is waiting to receive him at
every port. As a member of the league
he will go away feeling that he has left
dear friends, but that he is going forward
to lind other dear friends of the same fam
ily. This is literally true. When the
league is established there is waiting
some of its soldiers and officers to meet
every ship that comes to port. Before the
sailors come ashore these soldiers of the
league will board tbe ship and invite
them to the league rooms, there to find
pleasant companions and reading matter
and comforts, and generally extend a wel
come and let them see that there is some
body interested in them.
"Furthermore it is a part of our work
and pleasure to look after the friends of
the sailors while away and form a con
necting link between them, visit the old
mothers or lonesome wives of the absent
*«ies, to see them safely off should they |
be required to travel and to receive them
at their journey's end. In a word, we
shall form a union of fellowship around
the world.
"You can see what a fascinating and
beautiful work this is — how it takes hoid
of the imagination and will certainly en
list the soldier and sailor before many
years almost to a man, 1 look forward to
that accomplishment. It is a vast peace
commission that will bind together in
love the peopie of every nation."
DOMICILED
IN A RUIN
A Man Who Is Contented With
His Lot and Looks Upon To
bacco as the Staff of Life.
No man ever selected a more desolate
spot for his home than (Ha Kdwin King
when he built his big house on a marsh
on the eastern shore of San Francisco
Day. near where the Alameda i'.iver comes
in, nearly thirty-rive years ago. It was
out of the world then, and it has remained
; so ever since.
Why King built this house is something
of a mystery, but the story goes that he
had Borne idea of turning the miles of
waste tide-land around it into fields of
wheat. But his plan was never carried
: out, because he and ail the members of his
family were taken sick on account of the
malarial influences of the marsh. One of
' sons died, but he did not give up his idea
for nearly ten years, until he was nearly
j bankrupt and a physical wreck. He tried
to sell his place, but nobody would even
have it as n pift.
Where Kini: and his family went is not
, known. He had no neighbors, and the
! people in Alviso with whom he was
acquainted are all dead.
The old house is still standing, but is
likely to fall to pieces any day. Duck
hunters have used a large portion of the
outside planking for firewood and left
only the framework intact. The ruin can
be seen for miles. It is in a spot only a
few inches above the tide level and diffi
cult to reach, as the road to it has almost
disappeared. When near the house one
has to feel the way among the slimy
marsh grass and jump over muddy pools.
A more desolate spot cannot be im
agined. To the west no building can be
Old Man Campbell. Who Makes His
Home in a Knincd House.
[From a sketch.]
seen as far as the eye can reach. North,
south and east one looks over miles and
mile? of tide-land waste before the eve is
relieved hy the sight of human habitation.
The ruin itself is most cheerless, and
seems to be only the abode of bats and
owls. But such is not the case, for an old
man named Campbell has lived there
alone for many years, and a most con
tented individual he is. He occupies the
only room left in tne house. It is on the
second floor, and cannot be reached except
by a ladder, as the stairs have long ago
been destroyed.
Campbell says he is there to take care of
Edwin King's Kuincd House Where
Campbell Makes His ilomc.
[From a sketch.]
the place, but who hires him is a matter
he keeps to himself. His room is com
fortable enough, but dirty in the extreme.
He lives in idleness and does very little
cooking, as he subsists on tobacco almost
entirely, which he says is the "staff of
life." All day long he smokes and chews
and rests. At night he continues the
process, with brief intermissions of sleep.
When the weather is bad he remains in
bed, smokine and chewing all the time.
He has a pipe that will hoid at least a
quarter of an ounce of tobacco, and he
keeps it alight most of tbe time.
Not only is Campbell peculiar in the
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY 17, 1896.
matter of diet, but tne clothes he wears
about the house are made of old flour
sacks cut much after the prevailing fashion
among the Chinese. When he goes to
some of the nearest towns for tobacco and
provisions he wears ordinary clothes.
Campbell is the happiest man in the
State. The only visitors he has are hunt
ers and he is always glad to see them.
He is 84 years old and strong enough to
walk twelve miles across the marsh and
back again the same day. He never was
sick a day in his life and says all his good
health is due to tobacco, which he has
used since he was a boy. Campbell's only
amusement is to walk to the bay shore
and watch the steamers go by.
SUING FOR WAGES.
Frank McGeerey Wants His Money
From Ma< donoug h.
Frank McGeerey is suing W. 08. Mac
donough and his agent, JoLn D. Sweeney,
for $720 wages, which he says are due to
him.
McGeerey says he was left an orphan
when 10 years old, and was put in the
Catholic orphan asylum in S:in Rafael.
Sweeney, he says, took him away from the
asylum and put him to work^on Macdon
ough's ranch. The agreement. McGeerey
says in his complaint, was that he was to
be well cared for, was to be educated and
that he was to receive $10 a month. He says
he never received any wages on the ranch,
nor did he receive any money when he
was transferred to Macdonough's racing
stables. He claims he was ill treated at
the stables, and that finally the trainer
drove him away with a pitchfork and told
him never to come back auain.
McGeerey is suing through his guardian
ad litem, P. S. Nagle.
LADIES` AND BABIES' TEA
Happy Entertainment at the
Little Sisters' Infant
Shelter.
A Charity That Is Crowded for Room
and Is Forced to Torn Little
Ones From Its Doors.
The little inmates of the Little Sisters'
Infant Shelter, at 512 Minna street, were
happy yesterday, because it was a holiday
at the home. The directors and officers
had decided to give a tea to the friends of
the sbeiter and prepare a small feast for
the little babies and the older children
who are under their ministering care.
(iuite a number of ladies responded to the
invitations extended, but the attendance
I was not as numerous as this charity de-
Ferved, and this is more remarkable when
it is known there was no charge and that
it was only an invitation to those who take
an interest in such work, to see what is
being done for helpless little waifs.
The little ones and all seemed to appre
ciate the visit and did what they could to
make themselves agreeable. They were
all attired in their best and looked neat
and tidy, as they always do, and under the
supervision of Miss Josie Kentley, who is
as a mother to them and whom they all
love devotedly, marched into the class
room and after saluting those present with
a curtsy formed in a circle, and for want
of room and seating accommodations
squatted on the lloor, cross-legged, like 6O
many little Turks.
After Mrs. J. M, Pierce had sung "The
Little Low-backed Car" for the children
Master Frankie Phelps, a bright lad of
about 8 years, spoke a few words of wel
come and thanked on behalf of the class
ail the pood ladies who had looked after
their welfare. He was followed by little
Miss Nettie Perkins, who sang "The Star
spangled Banner," and then another little
miss, Nellie Phelps, sang a song of child
hood. The class sang in chorus and then
tea was served.
"The trouble with our horpe, " said Mrs.
T. G. Taylor, the vice-Dresident, "is that
it is too small and it is in an out of the
way place."
"But it i 9 crowded to its capacity and we
are forced to refuse other childrenfor want
of sleeping accommodations," added Mrs. j
C. E. Cooper, the president.
"Yes,"' continued Mrs. Taylor, "we're
doing all that we can to make a pleasant
home for our little ones, and would do
more if we had but the means and the i
room. We have utilizea every, inch of'
space, and we have been forced to crowd I
the beds one against the other in the !
rooms we use for dormitories. While it is
true that the children have fairly com
fortable quarters, this place is not what it
should be to carry out the purposes of our
organisation. We have been looking for
and awaiting some kind-hearted person to
come along, as they have it in the fairy
books — one who will say, 'Here is a home
for your little ones; large and sunny,
healthy grounds, where they may play
and thrive; take it, and may God helpyou
in your work,' but we are still waiting for
that person of generous impulse. Lntil
such does come forward we wiil care for
our little ones and educate them to the
end that they, in time, shall grow up good
and useful members of society."
INDEFENDENTS FOR SPRECKELS
Strong Resolutions in Favor of Good I
Measures and Clean Men.
The Independent Political Club held Its
regular meeting Wednesday evening, when
some resolutions were adopted on the ac
tion of the late Republican convention as
to the Nicaragua canal and refunding bill
as follows:
Whebeas, The financial and industrial con
dition of tbe people of trie United States and
of the State of California has steadily Deen
growing worse and worse under Democratic
rule; therefore, be it
Resolved, That we, members of the Indepen
dent Political Club, do most honestly petition
the people of this State to put forth their ut
most endeavors to return the control of the
Government, both general and local, to the
Republican party.
Resolved, That we do individually and as
members of the Independent Political Club
oppose and condemn the bill or act looking to
the refunding of the Pacific railroads indebt
edness.
Hesolved, That the completion of the Nicar
agua canal would be a vast benefit to the peo
ple of the Pacific Coast and would lead to a
great reduction in he rates of transportation
of our products to Eastern points; we do there
lore petition our representatives in Congress i
to use their best endeavors to secure the pas- !
sage of a bill looking to the speedy completion
of such canal.
Resolved, That this club feels a special pride
in and that it does most neartily ana enthu- 1
siastically indorse the action of the lateßepubli
can convention in doubly honoring the Hon.
.1. D. Spreckels by electing him as one of the '
delegates-at-large to the Republican National j
Convention at St. Louis and in electing him <
National Committeeman from this State.
Resolved, That under his leadership the In- .
dependent Political Club freely and confi
dently believes that the Republican party will
achieve one. of the grandest victories ever I
known in California, and to this end hereby
pledges its unwavering support.
Resolved, That we, the members of the In
dependent Political Club, hereby ratify and
indorse the action of our executive committee
in favoring the adoption. of the new charter
for San Francisco.
Resolved, That we hereby tender them our ',
encouragement and support in their deter- I
mined efforts to improve the present system of j
the government of San Francisco to insure the |
ratification of the new charter by the people
at the iicxt election, and its subsequent ap- |
proval by the .Legislature of the State.
c •• — — • ■
Paterson Is Guardian.
Van R. Paterson has been appointed guar
dian art litem of Herman Oelrichs Jr. and of
the minor heirs of James G. Fair, in order to j
defend them In the suit of Charles L. Fair.
Charles Fair is suing to set aside the trust
clause in the stolen will. It has been set aside
in regard to the real propertf, but a suit is
now pending to set it aside as to the personal
property also. Answers have been filed by
the minors, whose interests are limited by the I
basis of the trust, in which they allege the I
validity of the clauses attacked.
~~-^ , .~~.~— ~^^; NEW TO-DAY. ;\';l
y&QGC*GGC*G&€*G&e^^ ~^~ "■ ~~ >^^^\^^db£i^^^^^C
Xd¥a&/fc®f i . \;rtlMW/4i>'i'/'/, ; 1
4 937-939 Market St. ' . ,v \ '^ /<&H^\ W^~^^,\ ! ' (f 9
I Under
A list of goods and prices where quality in Voltl^ \Vfisjl
I every instance is supreme. We are not selling at V\lrn^> -r^T^i "H^^ I
| less than cost nor dividing profits. Our story is \\Vf /(/'/^F^vY
stamped with truth and our statements for inte!= '^M^i/M y iM^^ ) \
ligent people. Economical business principles is v
the only true basis of consistent price. ' / fe7 i^Jpt^C> W\
. SPECIALS FOR THIS WEEK. C/^^^L A/
I>amank -Jard Aprons. bottom, size 3Bjc3G Inch.-*. I<> sJfy '/^'^'■^'SSLW V-»Nv \ /
I Unbleached. 60-inch, very /lllC . Special price | iiach Vdri//jr/o&r7' "/UrV'V \ /
I Table heavy, all linen; regular t±V l"an<~v —^T7^7hT., &?///*!'// M // JSTSS /r\W"\jC
Damask. 50c. '.special sale price Yard Fancy wld^V^arVno^ m C . . wMI ff/ffflf >//i^\wk i
Bleached, 72-lnch. all suiting. sale this week. Special 0.-{ if/ ill H I 11/f/fIU //I AJ M W^
Table linen, extra fine, satin fin- ff1.1.25 Price Yard X 'f//' ///s/tMII ////ll" 1 itV 1 * tl'Ji. vV
I Damask. ish; regular «2. Special O1 — - Wi — full width extra! ~ ' ; £/ #/ < 'fl'/A\\ //J 4\\^M\
Price Yar,l Bleached heavy, no dressing regular I7 C i J l ill>\nNM^//n'\h\lliSS&M\
Regular $150 quality, 23 Qi.lO Sheeting. l!2c. Very special this M JB/ 1 1 ' litejxm."- / J? ..'/ i/h\ /f/lflLvig^ii
lilearhed x 23 Inches, all linen. Spe- C 1 week Yard *fjkA\Et!§B&\jf // / S&M-£S&L\lBm}
Napkins, clal s:iJ ' j.ri.-. . „. ._. Dozen Manufacturer's remnants ~~ vJrJKkr^sr// /W /
Kegular *2 50 quality, % I 1 .95 Keinnants from 2to 10 yard lengths; (■(; V^aßU^U'-i^^^i \\\ H\ \vs» ■>)!
Bleached size, Ti.-rnian linen, special O-l Flannel- regular 10c kind, Special «> TSSl^S^V^^^ 'Y\ v\ AXXSTI^
Napkins. sal, price | Dozen ette. sale price Yard &ffl>P&&^^%Y V \\\h>\vM
~ Reuii::irMi:,< ; kiiHi."lttx29 <M ... «-4 si», extri. heavy, the Q'C W&ffi£tß&kkW » 'VV V\ V WVfV
Hue* inches, fringed colored bor- ('V Chenille regular $1 25 kind. special YD VtlWMsßßsa^kWß^ tt '1 \ft 11 Jl\
! Towels. ders, woven selvage. Spe- '► Covers. pr:cc vn 3 week only Kach Wf/AjS^SJnCA&S^ *? 7 f, ;// <V/^
cial ■..-lit- price Kach ich silk Ela^Tj -. fT u('(l!6SwXmWu i \T III
Regular *■-' quality, 19x39 £! . stic > Ve °. assorted colors. 1 A(J .\< M //'■/AX SflWwfilMMttei}
Hue* inches, hemmed colored 1 .:JK Web. inch wide; value 20c. I" \W M'r /Mv^BKWHaSwxWNM
Towel*. borders, coo.l absorbent. &1 s l>t .p| lt l price Yard ff/'.^//ifHBIrWKQRMIHj IP l [
special sale price Dozen The original Linsey But- /STfOVJI?Wi^% i vlmVfrsW
Regular $2 60 quality, a 1 „ ton Clasp, silk side strap. 9 AC Iffil 111 ' ' ' J ifis^t&JSS&YWltfw '
Hack linen, extra quality, fringed (J. 1 .9."> Hose n kle tipped, satin belt, _<» l^l*''//////ff/^^^^SivJf!^'
Towels. colored borders. Special «£>! — Supporter red, pink, black, li«ht blue, Each K<. '•///// /.'lf; • ls&&?3iiM MF
sale price Dozen gold; value 35c Special.. 9£*fi'j U fV Y^vwßlf'flffl
I $125 kind. Percale Wrap- ... ...  A one-pound box of extra Ttfi'l Mil X^fiL/4fil
Ladies' per, null.- over shoulder, 7-C Writing linen Stationery, and Kn- lye 7*' & itjA \V£g^J I
Wrappers big sleeves, full skirt, sizes Id Paper. velopes to match; value —.> //,//« i»"' \S»flll
32 to 44. Very special Kauh 50c. Very special Hot II 'AM iJK^I ,' Tjffli
I In black and navy blue ... , Stripes, dots, checks and " ' ¥$Ms{ ' / fKs« ' -V* :
I Ladies' Cheviot, double-breasted, C"3.()0 P'9- V . « fancy weaves in large yori- |. c U /JSIfH ilj,JYrW\\\^e
Jackets. loose from, ripple back. 2-1 O-> Suiting. ety; one of the duck fain- ill n/iBfiW« '/frVft\%\\)\ ■■
I Inches long. Monday only. Kach ily. Special Yard JifiWl /'TIB "*'s \\\
Regular 15c quality, fig- 1 f\V We place on sale 4 lines \fflulhml 7 m' '/'; V\'i\ \\ I
Dress stripes and Persian do- IV _  of our 75c Fancy silk, 19 -AC If V. - #41 » '" l\\ <' l\ UsA \
Sateens. signs. 30-inch. Very special Yard §&£«** inches w.de. this seasons Yard Will IHil V/ , fi'\ 1 !
; . — Silk. Btrle*, largo designs Very Yard lH i IB ■ i'ilv y'j \ r WA %
1 A new lot of black and 9-C special price I*!/*™ V 1V V> \ </ \ M 'AM V \',
French navy blue all- wool French •£«-> — — — -- — ■ " ;|V/bi« ''ll\<// V MvJ.7v» \
Serge. Serge, 35-inch. Special price Yard _ Al ' °* l ? lir .. <oc , Klack \\ lßtSi ' il/v vWI I'\'h It
2 ■ — ■ 2-2 ■ — — Brocaded India Silks, 21 CO.C Nt 'Jit2\ \"l\ I(I I . Vv'l \ \ • i'■
i All-silk Satin and Urt>s Special in. M. x wide, all new, all •>•' &¥lktiy\ I f\\y, ll) IW', I
Grain Hibbon, Dretty, light Silk. silk and best dye. special Yard WM/'tlX h \v/ \\\ \ Vlj I 1
shades. _ price for the week Pitt LVvi' /.1 I' % !
No. 2 No. 5 No. 7Ka 9 ~ -r— — ; \M JwL > <*p4 iii I l\K 1
• dv- "stZc sc 71X/. O1 r Laundered collar new rTKO vllJirl / \mJJ J ill ''U / J
•>i-r %\.i«c he 7iAc Z* cuffs, small checks in new 7^O if, if j f SSK/ ill / 'U /
„_,,.,.„, 2/2 3VsC SC 7/ * c 3 Sateen colorincs, full back and iO \\F(W i #r- ',1 « M "
i{"l>boii». No. 12 No. 16 No. 22 TO Waists. front. hi X sleeves. Special Each V 7/ 'W, '> / V (U
\ , T|| d/~if SfllG pTICP i~f 1 y^ 1 r * [£j
\ BV;<c 10c ' l-'c A\J " Fine lawn and Swiss Em- -| ,- C v' /^*/m*jl »\T'V""*"*V.
broidery, lace trimmed; X«J y/^ / i* 1 VA \.
No. 30 No 60 Infants* manufacturers' samples at to >)> /Sc / V (k^->^.
— — lionnets. cost of making. The lot C*Q-00 /*,// 'f\ I 4"s \\'i\^V ' (
' f 16c 20c special QO . /■ ></ jLJ I JIL \v\ |\ Vi
I DRESS GOODS BARGAINS THIS WEEK. f
y BICYCLE CLOTH, a fancy, smooth-fin- BLACK BROCADED SILK. an extra FANCY MOHAIR SUITING 38 BUCKEROCADFDGROSORAIvqniT %M
Jk ished, all-wool fabric, 60 inches wide, heavy quality on K ros-grnln inches wide, very silky finish , extra heavy quality and n°wdest-n' 3 A
\f very heavy and tough, will not show ©I .00 grounds. 22 Inches wide. A spe- Q-Ci this season's most popular fabric CAC extra fi eavy quality and new designs.
'£L dust or grease, brown and gray mix- «J)1 cial value at *?O all staple spring colorings. Our OU F '•" It) A.
1 tuns. Ourprice, Yard .'..... Yard.' price " Yard. '"'.'."'."." '.'. Yard '%}
*^>t^>H^"^s«s?-» — ■ — — '
X Cl nCr IA I IVirVPI /^C We purchased the entire stock of Cloaks, Wraps and Suits, valued at $12,000, of Charles X
X A^r^tiwl/VL I>U 1 ICC. "l By ? r , & Co " knownas the California Cloak Company, 105 [ - os street, at 10 cents on »
f> : :-- »*-.-—• t * «;w.m^«« the dollar. sale commences Monday, May 25.
I HALE BROS., Incorporated, 937-939 Market St. I
SENT BY THE MIKADO.
Arrival of an Embassy to Ex
amine Electricity and
Telephones.
Commissioner Mine's Story of the Gov
ernment's Intentions— Will Visit
Many Places.
Among the arrivals at the Occidental is
a special commission from the Mikado of
Japan to study into the workings of the
electrical power and telephone systems in
the United States.
The commission is composed of S. Mine,
R. Natayama and Y. Wadachi. They will
be about two weeks in examining into the
telephone and electrical systems of San
Francisco, Sacramento, Fresno and other
cities and will then proceed to Eastern
cities. They may also visit Europe. They
expect to be absent from Japan six
or seven months.
"All over our empire now," laid Com
missioner Mine yesterday, "there is great
interest in electrical power and in electri
cal lighting. Electricity has been intro
duced in several cities, but the Govern
ment wants it all over the country. It is
the same way with telephones. We have
seen the value of them and desire to have
them generally adopted.
"It is our intention to study into the
work ings of both systems in the United
States. We want to generate electricity
from the many powerful waterfalls in our
country and use it for electric railways,
general power and lighting. To-day we
visited W. Stewart Smith, the well-known
engineer, ard other prominent men in
terested in electricity. We have also been
examining into the different systems here.
"While here we will visit the American
Falls, which furnish electricity for Sacra
mento; the Merced Falls and other places,
and will also spend a short time at Sacra
mento, Fresno and other places. We be
| lieve that the transmission of power for
| long distances is of great importance.
'Wherever we can we intend to use elec
j tricity. It will, according to the ideas of
! our Government, be especially valuable in
i connection with our various public and
private enterprises.
"It is our desire also to utilize the long
distance telephone in Japan. Mr. Haka
yama and Mr. Wadachi, who are with me,
are experts on telephonic subjects. We
intend visiting Manager John I. Sabin of
tbe system here, and will try to gather
what we can in the way of information in
other channels.".
The Commissioners came by the steamer
| China, and have been very busy since then
in gathering facts about electricity and
telephones.
S. Mine, the Japanese at the Occidental Who Is Investigating Ilign-Powcr
Meetricity.
A Call From the West for Cats.
On the register of a prominent Chestnut
street hotel this legend was written yes
terday: "Joshua L. Drumgoole, Oregon;
here for deasure and cats." I'he clerk
was inclined to doubt tho sanity of the
guest, despite the fact that he looked very
sensible. Mr. Drumgoole, however, laugh
inely explained away the clerk's fears be
fore he went in to dinner. "I have come
East to visit some of my relatives," he
said, "and I mean to attend to another
little matter of a purely business nature
while I'm here. I have a large ranch in
Oregon, devoted principally to the grow
ing of wheat and other grain. For
several years past our crops have suffered
greatly by reason of the depredations of
great armies of gophers that infest the
country thereabouts. The nuisance ha 3
grown more and more annoying with each
succeeding year, and we have finally de
cided that a stop must be put to it. Now,
a cat is death on a but cats are not
so plentiful in the West as they are here.
So I intend to get together a couple of
hundred cats and take them with me
when I start for home. Out in my coun
try cats bring fancy prices, but from my
recollection of this locality I should be
able to get all I need for very little
money."— Philadelphia Kecord.
Half of the human race, it is asserted,
live almost entirely upon rice.
FOR THE CITY CARNIVAL.
Big Meeting of Citizens Ex
pected To-Morrow Night
at the Baldwin.
An Interesting Circular Issued
From the Headquarters of "A
Week of Festivities."
In order to insure a large attendance of
citizens and members of societies, clnba
ancl other organizations at the Baldwin
Hotel on Monday night the committee on
carnival of tbe Golden Gate have issued
the following invitation:
Headquarters, Carnival of the Golden Gate—
"A week of Festivities"— Hotel, San
Francisco, May 15, 1896.
At a meeting of the special committee of or
ganization of the Carnival of the Golden Gate,
which it is proposed to hold this year in San
Francisco on a scale of .unheard-of magnifi
■ cence, it was decided to extend a special in
vitation to all organized bodies and represen
tative citizens to attend a meeting in the
parlors of the Baldwin Hotel, first floor, on
Monday evening. May 18, at 3 o'clock. Men who
have the interests of "the City at heart are par
ticularly desired, in order that a complete
exchange of ideas may be obtained and a cele
bration arranged which will reflect credit
upon the metropolis and citizens of the Pacific
Coast. =•!-• ■ ■ • ■■ •■
It is proposed to raise by popular subscrip
tion and otherwise about $100,000, lor which
a week of festivities will be given. Judging
by the experiences of other cities, this will
return to the tradespeople and laborers at
least $1,000,000. • " ,
With the programme the temporary commit
• tee have outlined, and which can be easily car
ried out if you heartily co-operate, this esti
mate will be exceeded, for at least a quarter
of a million strangers and visitors will be in
the city during that week.
Fiestas in other places have attracted peo
ple from the Eastern States without one-half
the attractions that San Francisco can offer.
All that is needed is for each one to take off
his coat and work. We know that you will
do it. -/
Kindly attend or send a representative of
your body or firm. Much time and thought
I have been ix; e-.uled already in the matter,
which promises to be a f< aiare of future years
in this city. We remain, yours respectfully,
- R. H. Waefield,
Temporary Chairman.
HENrtY I. Fish kb,
Temporary Secretary.
A display by the bicycle clubs of the city
j one of the features determined upon by
| the committee of organization. It is the
wish of the committee that each club send
] a representative to the meeting, as it is de
| sired to put a prominent member on the
executive committee.
■ - — :—: — •• — — « —
Arkansas has 100.000 farms, which pro
duce 600,000 bales of cotton. 900,000 bushels
of sweet potatoes, 1,000,000 pounds of to
bacco, 42,000,000 bushels of corn and
2,000,000 . 0f wheat. From the Arkansas
forests are cut over $20,000 worth of lum
ber every year.