no_textVOLUME LXXX.-NO. 20.
TELLER FOR THE PRESIDENCY
Silverites Rally Around the
:r Man Who Led the
Bolt.
ADDRESS TO VOTERS OF
AMERICA.
Declare Their Independence and :
-;. : Fealty to the White Metal
Only.
READY TO AFFILIATE WITH
THE DEMOCRACY.
The Coloradan Offered as the Chicago
Sacrifice— Mantle Joins the
Seceders.
ST. LOUIS, Mo. June 19. —Several acces-
(uons to the ranks of the bolting silver men
were received this morning, the most not-
able being Senator Lee Mantle of Montana,
who had refused to leave the Convention
Hall with Senator Teller and his followers
yesterday. The bolters held a conference
late last night, and as a result an address
to the voters of America was issued, de
'daring their independence and readiness
to affiliate with any party that would go
into the campaign on a free-silver plat-
form.
The boom of Senator Teller for the
Presidency has been growing hourly.
Messages have been pouring in upon him
from white metalists— Democratic, Re-
publican and Populist — pledging support
if he were placed at the head of any party
(icket launched on a free coinage platform.
y The belief is growing that before the
Chicago conventions overtures which will
result in the choice of the Colorado states-
man as the Democratic standard-bearer
* will be made.
The address issued by the bolters fol
. lows : j
To the People ofthe United States: Obeying the
call of duty, and justified by the common citi
zenship of this Republic, we address this com-
munication to the people and forthcoming
convention of the United States. In doinv so
we claim no authority or right other than that
which belongs to every man to express per-
gonal convictions; but we respectfully solicit
"the co-operation of ail who believe that the
time has come for a return to the simpler and
more direct method of naming men for Na
tional service than has obtained in recent
years.
Political parry organisation is necessary, be-
cause without lt the individual voter is dumb,
• but the party is only the means, not the end:
it is the voice and not the sense. As the world
advances to this wonderful epoch of Intellec
tual development and physical improvement
there is a constant requirement for better
things. The individual feels that requirement
and heeds it or falls in life's endeavor. Par-
ties must also obey the same law. It follows,
therefore, that the moment a party shall
choose to stand still or retrogress it also be
; comes inefficient to achieve the end to which
; the people are necessarily destined. There is
no sanctity in mere party name, and the mark
of decay is set on individual strength in the
Nation when the absolute rule of political or-
ganization coerces man from trie truth for the
sake of expediency and establishes insincere
submission to partizan rule for the sake of
power. . '
Recognizing the value and the splendid
achievements of political parties in this coun-
try as elsewhere, we are yet constrained to be-
lieve that for more than twenty years no one
of them has been entirely sufficient for the
needs of the people. The great trend to better
things resting in the heart and purpose of all
men has been stayed during the latter part of
this generation by the failure of parties to ex-
press in their achievements the highest hope
and aspirations of the mass of the people who
constitute the parties. And there has been
growing In this country, swelling with each
recurrence of National elections, a great mass
of Independent thinkers and voters, which
failing within itself to control, has gravitated
between the two great parties.
Since 1872 (excepting possibly the election
of 1876) the pendulum has swung from side to
side with each four years. In 1872 the Repub
lican party elected the President; in 1876
the Democracy claimed the election; in 1880
the Republican party elected; in 1884 the
Democrats elected ; In 1888 the Republicans
elected; in 1892 the Democrats elected; in
1896 (until within a few weeks) it has been
conceded that the Republicans would elect.
What has been the cause of this mighty
oscillation of a mass which this year has prob
ably obtained controlling proportions? Every
man can answer to himself. If he has been
an observer, if he has had interests that were
affected; if he has felt a hope to see a greater
justice done and has seen that hope blasted;
if be knows that the general dissatisfaction
has arisen from the fact that the party
promises made were broken to the people by
party performance, he knows that as soon as
the election was over and successful candidates
installed they became the servitors of the
party and the advocates of a narrow and non
progressive policy within which alone there
seemed to be an assurance of selfish safety and
partisan approval. During all this period we
have lacked a great constructive administra
tion. No new social truth has been put for- .
ward in an effective way. While in all the de
partments of physical life there have been de
velopments and achievements of ease and
comfort to the favored of mankind, in the
still greater and more important domain of
social reform we have stood still or retro
gressed.
It is not that the people have not felt the
stirrings of determination that this Inaction
has endured, but because of the rule of party
which has largely controlled men In and out
of office. It has been a source of reproach to j
any man that he should renounce allegiance |
to organization. Men have been expected to j
submit their views to the dictation of conven
tions, although it is common knowledge that
conventions have been swayed to views and
declarations not the most approved by the
mass of people, nor conducive to their wel
fare.
We do not arrogate to ourselves one iota
more of intelligence, patriotism or courage
than is possessed by other of our fellow-citi
zens, but we feel that the time has come for
the performance of a duty to the country, and
for our part, though we shall stand alone, we
wil! make an endeavor in the direction of that
duty. Parties may outlive their usefulness,
but truth never becomes obsolete. Every gen
eration of free men has the right to affirm the
truths of past knowledge and present acquire- |
menU, and if the enforcement of these truths
shall make necessary a departure from party
organization the people have this right and
will exercise it until old parties s**hall return to
the truth or new parties shall be created to ef
fect it into law.
If the voices which have sounded to us
The San Francisco Call
from every State in this Union are an indica
tion of the real feelings this year .is the ap
pointed time for the people to assert them
selves, through such mediums as may give
best promise of the achievement of justice.
But whether we are mistaken or not concern
ing the general sentiment in the United States,
we have-not mistaken our own duty in with
drawing from the Republican Convention,
feeling that it is better to be right and with
the minority in apparent defeat than to be
wrong with the majority in apparent triumph.
We hold that in the great work of social
evolution in this country monetary reform
stands as the first requisite. No policy, how
ever promising of good results, can take Its
place. Continuation during the next four
years upon the present financial system will
bring down upon the American people that
cloud of impending evil, to avert which should
be the first thought of statesmen and the first
prayer of patriots.
Our very institutions are at stake. To-day,
with the rapidly increasing population, with
widely swelling demands, , the basis of our
money is relatively contracting, and the people
are passing into a servitude all the more
dangerous because it is not physically appar
ent. The Nation itself, as other nations, is
losing the sturdy courage which could make
it defiant in the face of injustice and internal
wrong. . • »V.i I-' j*" <;;•; I'Y'Y-rL'Xi
Prices will never cease falling under the sin
gle gold standard. The restoration of bimet
allism by this country will double the basis of
our money system. In time it will double the
stock of primary money of the world— will stop
tailing prices and steadily elevate, them until
they will regain their normal relation to the
volume of debts and credits in the world. . Bi
metallism will help to bring about the great
hope of every social reformer, every believer in
the advancement of the race who realizes that
the instability of prices has been' the deadly foe
of our toilers and the servant of the foreign in
terest-gatherers. Bimetallism will help to
bring the time when a certain expenditure of
human toil will produce a certain financial re
sult. Who among the great masses of our peo
ple in the United States but feels that his lot
would be made better, his aspiration take new
wings, if he could know in the performance of
his labor what would be the price of his prod
uct? Is not this purpose worth the attention
of the people as individuals and worth the at
tention of political conventions yet to be held
in this year 1396?
Is this not so great an end that all who be
lieve in the possibility of attaining it by the
means proposed can yield something of their
partisanship both in conventions and at the
polls? It is In the hope that the masses and
the remaining conventions will have the cour
age and the generosity to unite for this purpose
that we have dared to offer our views to the
people of the United States, and because in the
past there has lacked a rallying point for the
masses, who hold as we do to this belief, we
venture an act, trusting that it will be received
in the same spirit of conciliation, concession
and hope with which we put it forth, y '.'■:'.-.
We have endeavored in a plain way to set the
matter before the eyes of our fellow-citizens.
We invoke the union of all men and parties
who believe that the time has come for the tri
umph of justice. It is an hour when the peo
ple may speak for themselves as individuals
and through conventions yet to be held. It is
the right of every citizen to indicate his pref
erences. With this in view, we offer to the
forthcoming conventions and to the peo
ple .a name of a man for. the Presi
dency of the United States —.'whose.
life in public and private represents those
distinguished virtues which adorned the days
and the deeds of the earlier time of this Re
public, a return to which virtues are requisite
for the prosperity and contentment of the peo
ple and the perpetuity and commanding ex-
ample of these institutions. That name is
Henry M. Teller— a man of the people and for
the people. He is ot no section. His experience
and service, his devotion to the common jus-
ice and the common cause of his fellow-citizens
has been as wide as the country. We believe
that the people of the United States have him
in their hearts, as he has had their interest* in
bis purpose through all the work of an exalted
life.
It is not merely as the exponent of a mone
tary reform that we present this man to the
people. It is true that he has waged a mighty
war for the restoration of the money of the
constitution, and his name has been identified
as that of no other Jiving man with this great
cause. But had his services been less de
VENETIAN FESTIVITIES AT THE SANTA CRUZ CARNIVAL, SHOWING THE BRILLIANT ILLUMINATIONS ON THE LAGOON.
SAN FRANCISCO, SATURDAY MORNING, JUNE 20, 1896.
BATTLE BETWEEN THE MONITOR AND MER RIM AC.
This was the principal event at the Santa Cruz Venetian Water Carnival and was reproduced in a
realistic and beautiful manner. Small craft kept away from the combatants during the fight.
manded and less noticed in this direction, the ;
people -would still have recognized" in him for
other labors a statesman of the purest type.
His only poverty has been that of purse in
all things, etc.— the generosities of ...man to
man, in kindliness of deeds for his fellows
and in the study of the doings of a mighty
career he has been one of the most opulent
American citizens of any ace. In submitting
this name to the people we remind them that
just a generation ago* from the heart of the
boundless West and touched by the finger of I
God there arose an emancipator who was
powerful in work of human deliverance. By
his wisdom and courage, providentially
directed, millions were set free and the "Nation
kept in its holy union. If others shall see this
opportunity as we sec it, if our fellow-citizens
shall see this duty as we see it, that sublime
history may be repeated, and another man
clothed in the majesty of devotion to the
race— will be lifted to power where Dy his
wisdom and courage, providentially directed,
more millions may be made free from chains
as galling as those of actual slavery, and the
Nation may be preserved in the unity of its
mission to the world.
The following signatures were appended
to the address: Frederick T. Dubois, R. F.
Pettigrew, Frank J. Cannon, Charles H.
Hartman, Benjamin E. Rich, Clarence E.
Allen, A. S. Robertson, A. C. Cleveland,
Willis Sweet, Amasa B. Campbell, Archie
M. Stevenson, Enoch Strother, James Mi
Downing, Charles H. Brickenstein, C.J.
Hast, Thomas Kearns, Littleton Price,
Jacob J. Elliot, O. J. Salisbury, J. B.
Overton, Frank C. Goudy, John F. Vivian,
J. W. Rockefellow, Robert W. Bonynge,
John M. Williams, L. M. Earl.
Delegate at large Frank Goudy of Colo
rado was asked if Senator Teller would ac
cept a nomination from free-silver Demo
crat?, yHe answered: . • ■-;■•/■ - ;-*•
yy"!" cannot talk for Senator Teller, but I
believe I know him well enough and am
well j enough acquainted , with his disin
terested patriotism and deep sincerity of
purpose to believe that he will do any
thing for the good ot the people of this
country:".
Last night a committee representing
the free-silver Republicans left St. Louis
to confer with Governor Altgeld. Mes
sages were exchanged between the bolters
and prominent Republicans, Democrats
and Populists, and nearly every free-silver
Republican, including most of the bolters,
will go from St. Louis to Chicago to at
tend the Democratic convention.
, Word . was received at the Colorado
headquarters that arrangements had been
made with the railroads to bring over 1000
Colorado Republicans and Democrats to
Chicago. Already Henry M. Teller clubs
are beine organized ia the States repre
sented by the bolters.
It was said last night by one of the most;
prominent men who left the Republican;
party that in a few days Teller would be'
formally placed in. tbe- field as the man
whom the j Democrats can nominate, if
they wish to place a representative Re
publican free-silverite at the head of the
ticket. iY'*
"And," continued . the bolting delegate,'
"if the Democrats straddle or adopt a gold
•plank Teller will be nominated by the sil
ver convention, which meets in this city
next month."
The Colorado men have given out badges
on which are printed: "We are solid for
Teller as Teller is solid for silver."
Before the convention was called to order
yesterday morning the men who had de
termined to bolt gathered in the Colorado
headquarters and counted noses. The
round-up showed that there were twenty
two delegates who had stuck— all the
Colorado and Idaho delegates, three from
Utah, one from South Dakota, one from
Montana and three from Nevada. Each
man pinned a pink rosebud to his coat
and then they left for the convention
hail. " .  Yv.-*YY;ri \„:-,Y !
After the bolt Senator Teller, Cannon,
Dubois and Pettigrew, with a few of the
other bolters, drove , to, the St. Nicholas
Hotel and talked over the matter in Sena
tor Duoois' ,room. They removed their
delegate badges when they left thel hall
and carried the Colorado banner with
them. They expressed themselves as
satisfied with the treatment they had re
ceived, for most of the hostile demonstra
tions came from the . '"as*. Stab**dele
cations."" They, said' they had succeeded In
carrying out their plans to. the letter, and
felt they had made ,an impression which
would do good to the cause of silver. They
had nothing' to say regarding Senator Car
ter and Senator Mantle, but one of them
ventured the opinion that "Senator Brown
is a dead duck in Utah.''
It was well understood among the bolt
ing delegates that while only one dele
gate from Montana, Congressman Hart
man, went out on the bolt the entire dele
gation was in perfect sympathy with the
movement, including Senator Carter and
Mantle. They had differences of opinion
about the necessity of going out of the
hall, some of them taking the position
that it would be just as effective for the
delegates to remain in their seats silent
and without participating in the proceed
ings as to walk out. It is confidently ex.
pected that the entire Montana delegation
will be found working in perfect harmony
with their bolting colleagues.
• Counting Senators Carter and Mantle
and four Senators— Dubois, Cannon
and Pettigrew— who went out, there are
six "United States Senators 'who partici
pated in the protest against the gold
plank. ' They constitute almost * one
seventh of the Republican strength* in the
Senate. Their defection reduces the Re
publican representation in the Senate to
thirty-eight and- makes the Republican
vote one less than that of the Democrats.
Ail this, of course, depends upon the ex
tent to which Carter and Mantle join in
the independent movement. The silver
men regard this as one of the strongest
vantage grounds occupied by them.
O. J. Salsbury. a member of the Na
tional Committee from Utah, just re
elected, has announced that he has de
clined to serve and returned his creden
tials. He is a gold-miner and a banker,
and was one of the delegates who walked
out. '' "if -
Mr. Salsbury said he indorsed the action
of the delegates who withdrew, but he dif
fered from Senator Cannon on one point
of expediency. Mr. Salsbury thought
they should resubmit their case to the
people before proceeding further. He said:
"I believe we, as delegates, were acting
only as agents, and that we are not here
in an individual capacity to do as we
think best' after 'the withdrawal without
consulting our constituents, I don't pro
pose to support the nominee or the plat
form that the Republican party yesterday
decided on. "l? regard the financial ques
tion _| paramount to protection or any
Other issues,' and i shall support the can
didate for President who is nearest in ac
cord with my convictions on the financial
question."
♦
VIEWS OF LEADERS.
Depew, Piatt and Manley Predict
Victory Despite the Loss of
the Silver Bolters.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., June Chauncey
M. Depew said to a reporter for the United
Press to-day: "Since the time of Grant
McKinley is the first to receive the nomi
nation on a first ballot, and he received
three-quarters of the votes. This result is
at once a distinctive and phenomenal ex
pression of the popular will of the Repub
lican masses. Protection and McKinley,
America for Americans and McKinley
have become synonymous terms. He
McKINLEY AND PROSPERITY.
would" be elected by a majority in the
Electoral College without precedent ex
cept for the doubt involved in the silver
result.
- "The secession of the silver States was
dramatic, but its effect, in my judgment,
will not be such as the erring sisters be
lieve. Seventy millions of people have a con
stant interest in the financial and industrial
conditions of the country. Interest in the
production and coinage of silver is large
theoretically, but infinitesimal practically.
■Eight-tenths of * the voters believe j in the
gold standard in businsss to prevent fatal
fluctuation in currency and in labor, so
that the wages one earns may be paid in
the best money— in money which yields
the largest results when used to pay rent,
.meet interest on mortgages, or for the sup
port and education of one's family. There
fore," I believe that for every silver vote
heretofore Republican which will be lost
to McKinley by going to Democratic or
Populist ' candidates there will be three
Democratic cold standard sound-money
men who will.vote the Republican ticket."
Mr. Piatt had this to say : "Like a good
soldier and * a good Republican I accept
the situation and will support the ticket
heartily and believe it will be elected.
There has been much in the contest to
irritate and dishearten the Republicans,
who have not been in accord with the men
who have become masters of the situation.
Our friends are satisfied with the results
of their efforts in compelling the adoption
of a gold-standard- platform. ' That is of
more importance to the success of the
ticket and the ' prosperity of the Nation
than all the rest. It is conceded that the
controlling element of the New York dele
gation led the movement and was instru
mental in accomplishing this object.
"The only other thing that the control-
ling element desired, which they found
unattainable, was the naming of a candi
date from New York State for the Vice-
Presidency. They would have accom
plished that result had Governor Morton
consented to the use of his name for the
second place after the convention declined
to name him for the first place. He would
have consented to the use of his name for
the Vice-Presidency in the interest of har
mony and the success ofthe ticket, but he
learned of the factious opposition of a
small minority of the New York delega
tion and wired peremptorily declining to
permit his name to go before the conven
tion."
"Maine, of course, feels grievously dis-
apDOinted," said J. H. Manley, "that the
country did not indorse its candidate and
make Thomas B. Reed the standard-bearer
j of the Republican party; but Maine is
| used to disappointments. It has always
i been loyal to the Republican party. It
! cast its electoral vote for John C. Fremont
in 1856, and it has never failed to give its
! electoral vote to the candidates of the Re-
J publican party from that day until now.
I It will not break nor change its record in
i November next, and it will give its loyal
support to the ticket nominated yester-
day. The platform adopted by the con-'
vention will receive the cordial support of
every Republican in Maine.
"I have attended six conventions and
been intimately identified with the organ-
ization necessary to. control, and run the
convention several times. I must confess
that the administration of this convention,
which has been under the control of T. E.
Byrnes of Minneapolis, has been the most
admirable and most perfect of any conven
tion I ever attended. . It is no easy task to
take care of 14,000 peopl.; in a convention
. ! hall, and have them properly seated and
j preserve order. Mr. Byrnes has done this
i without a complaint. The testimony in
i his favor is universal. He has exhibited
Continued on Second J?age.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
To-Night's Rousing Repub
lican Ratification
Meeting.
ROCKETS AND RED FIRE.
The Street Procession and
Speech-Making to Begin
at 8 P. M.
A SPONTANEOUS JUBILATION.
Mechanics' Pavilion to Open Its Doors
to the Big Assembly—The
Programme.
The greatest case of political jubilation
that perhaps this City has ever seen will
take place to-night.
William McKinley has been nominated
for the Presidency. The name stands as
a signal for the incoming of good times.
His election will put a period to the long
era of distress that this country has strug
gled through. The people know this and
will to-day celebrate the beginning of the
new regime. The gathering in Mechanics'
Pavilion this evening, the procession of
the people on the streets, the blare of
brass bands, bonfires and the lighting of
the sky with rockets will serve as the key
note to the opening of the campaign and
indicate the jubilant temper of the people.
The rooms of the Republican County
Committee were the scene of great activity
yesterday. Everybody was busy with
preparation. Letters were being sent out
by the bushel, inviting Republicans that
could be reached in so short a time by
mail to come and lend their presence and
their voice to the great occasion. A sub
committee was busy with the preparations
for the parade.
It is arranged that the procession will
form in the side streets of lower Market
street, with the right resting in New
Montgomery street, near the Palace
Hotel. It will start promptly at 8 o'clock,
and the line of march will be out Market
street direct to the Pavilion. Along the
line of march there will be bonfires at
frequent intervals and the march itself
will be one long streak of red fire, punc
tuated with Roman candles and sky
rockets.
The speaking at the Pavilion will begin
also promptly at 8 o'clock, so that the
celebration within and without doors will
be going on at the same time. This pro
vision is made to prevent confusion and
so that the exercises within the Pavilion
may have full sweep of the evening,
giving each of the long list of speakers a
fair chance.
It is arranged that all the officers of the
County Committee shall make short ad
dresses, with a limit of about a minute
and a half. A limit of about five minutes
will be placed on allother speakers.
The members of the Republican State
Central and County committees will meet
at the rooms of the Union League Club
and proceed in a body to the Pavilion.
The Young Men's Republican League
will form at Justice Kerrigan's courtroom,
new City Hall, at 7 sharp. All young Re
publicans not affiliated with any political
organization are cordially invited to at
tend and fall in line.
- The members of the Woman's Republi
can State Central Club will assemble at
the dressing-rooms of the Mechanics'
Pavilion.
Charles Mainwaring, as chairman of the
Republican County Committee, will call
the big assembly together and in the
capacity of chairman will inaugurate the
speecnmaking and introduce Senator
Perkins, who will preside. Addresses will
be made by: J. M. Chretien, Senator
George C. Perkins, ex-Governor Pacheco,
Major C. W. Kyle, Miss Susan B. An
thony, W. S. Barnes, Colonel T. V.
Eddy, E. A. Bsrgerot. General R. A.
Friederich, E. F. Loud, John T. Dare, M.
Cooney, A. W. Branch, John L. Boone,
Julius Kahn, John H. Roberts, Frank H.
Powers, Edward M. Sweeney, James Alva
Watt and A. D. Splivalo.
• Following is the complete list of vice-
presidents who will have j seats on the
stage: Hon. A. A. Sanderson, Hon. George
H. Bahrs, Hon. Frank H. Kerrigan, Hon.
G. 0. Groezinger, Hon. A. C. Widber, C.
S. Tilton, Dr. William J. Hawkins, Hon.
William Alvord, Henry L. Dodge, Hon.
George W. F. Cook, Ed W. Williams,
Emmet P. Barrett, Charles H. Hawley,
H. C. Henderson, Andrew W. McElroy,
Charles A. Murdock, Henry T. Scott,
Thomas R. Knox, F. W. Lees, Joseph
King, C. E. Benjamin, E. C. Huehes,
Alfred Morgenstern, A. B. Spreckels,
Hon. W. H. Beatty, Hon. T. B. Mc-
Farland, Hon. Ralph C. Harrison,
Hon. C. H. Garronte, Hon. F. W. Hen
shaw, Hon. W. C. Van Flut, E. Hou<**hey,
Thomas Denny, John D. Siebe, L. R.
Ellert, Hugo Herzer, Hon. James M. Sea-
well. Hon. James M. Trout, Hon. J. C. B.
Hebbard, Hon. John Hunt, James H. Daly,
Edward Sculley,. N. H. Burnham, P.
Eegers, W. S. Russell, Thomas Bryant,
John Durnin, Chris Dunker, Thomas Gil
more, J. D. Spreckels, S. M. Shortridge,
W. W. Montague, William Cluff, Thomas
D. Riordan, D. K. McMullin, John L.
Koster, C. F. Crocker, Irving M. Scott, B.
P. Flint, Charles J. King, Harry Gray,
ex-Governor Pacheco. John . Lachman,
George H. Williams, Judge C. A. Low,
Captain J. A. Margo, Vernon Upton, FYS.
Chadbourne, J. F. Sheehan, M. M. Estee,
Cteorge T. Bromley, Hugh M. Burke,
Henry Marshall, Frank Reynolds, Robert
A. Friedrich, A. Gerberdintr, M. H. Weed,
William T. Kibbler, Amos Currier, L. C.
Louderback, George J. Strong, William R.
Jost, B. S. Hesseltine, D. B. Fleming,
H. W. Mathews, H. W. Fraser, D. C.
Smith, C. A. Fairall, J. C. Sharp,
&>1 Miller, M.S. Torres, G.S. Graham,
Francis V. Bell, Benjamin L. McKin
| ley, Cornelius O'Connor, L. Pockwitz,
N. Jessen, Frank Rooney, John H. Berg,
A. B. Treadwell, W. W. Davis, H. Kron-
berg, I. S. Cohen, Edward M. Sweeney,
Thomas C. Matter, C. W. Taber, Dr. W.
J H. McLaughlin, Frank D. Worth, W. G.2
Sharkey, S. C. Palmieri, J. E. Jewett,
Charles A. Hug', F. S. Samuel s, '""__. M.
Kuhn, H. S. Martin, C. Witzner, ! J;
Gilleran, H. Benjamin, J. Erbe, H.
Jackson, W. Snarp, Felix Dugan,
William Page, P. Doran, Dr. J.
Coleman. W. H. Powers, William Mc-
Carthy, John F. Aheam, Thomas Duffy.
Richard Spreckels, Andrew Lange, John
E. Heilman, Al H. Cook, William Ballin
ger, James Symon, Henry Lake, Jerry
Lucy, Captain H. P. Filgate, Nathan
B. Welby, James Archer, John Oullen, R.
W. Heilman, T. Pendergast, H. Wynne,
James Keller, Charles Brown, D. F. Weth
erbee, Frank Rasmussen, Frederick Roth
engauge, M. S. Harloe, Dr. Partridge,
Thomas Butterworth, John Rider, Cap
tain George Araabe, Thomas Quinn, B.
Madison, B. Hendrickson, F. Mitchell, L.
Hadden, C. B. Griffith, H. V. P. Deming,
John D. Daly, J. T. Dare, I. H. Thompson,
V. F. Northrup, C. M. Depew, R. H. Staf
ford, C. L. Hedemark. General R. H. War
field, Ambrose N. Watson, S. W. Backus,
M. J. Flynn, George H. Andrews, Louis
Muller, Charles W. Kinsman, R. W.
Roberts, S. F. Bufford, C. L. Taylor, A. S.
Halladie, L. P. McCarthy and Edward D.
Sweeney.
The Continental League will turn out its
full strength with banners and torchlights
to-night and join in the procession for the
grand ratification. All the members hare
been notified to be present at the league
headquarters, 1017 Larkin street, at 7
o'clock sharp, there to receive their
badges, torches, etc. From there, they
will march to the Palace Hotel and take
their place at the head of the column, that
place having been assigned them.
The regular meeting of the league was
held last night at the headquarters, 1017
Larkin street, President F. D. Worth in
the chair. Seventy-five applications for
membership were received and eighty
seven were admitted, making a total mem
bership of the league of 1186 up to date.
Dr. B. F. Fleming and B. L. McKinley
were appointed aids to the marshal of the
parade.
The Thirty-ninth Assembly District
Club will be on hand to-night to swell the
ranks of the enthusiastic Republicans
who will give William McKinley arousing
ratification.
The members of the club will assemble
at Saratoga Hall, 814 Geary street, at 7
o'clock, and from there march in a body to
the place designated by the grand marshal
to join the procession. Every Republican
in the district is requested to turn out and
keep up the good name of the banner
Republican district, A band of music
will lead the way for the boys.
The parade will form as follows:
\ Platoon of police.
Grand marshal, I. P. Kincaid.
Chief of staff, Opt-in J. A. Margo.
Aids— Beiijarniu 1.. McKinley, A. B. Mahoneyi
C. W. Colby, P. Gray, A. P. Wagner, Dr. T. H-
Morris. W. A. D sane, J. J. Groom, K. J. Welch,
J. C. Rivers, Lincoln Dennis, W. H. Teigler, M.
J. Mcßride, I. J. Truman, Lieutenant A. de la
Torre Jr., F. P. Bull, W. W. Wade, W. J. Lofton,
J. Curlett, W. Lindon. Emil Trittenbeck, E. M.
Buckley, P. W. Lennon, W. E. Mason, Fred Mc-
Gregor, Frank Spencer, E. F. Gill, N. H. Burn
ham, Lewis Hunt, D. C. Martin, W. L. William
son, C. M. Depew, E. 0. Tuttle, D. M. Short,
George Covey, J. C. Symon, H. A. Williams. P.
Bokariza, James Gilleran.
Bombs.
Band.
County Committee, flanked and escorted by
the Lincoln Club.
Carriages.
Continental League, Marshal Bell and aids.
Eagle Club.
Calcium lights.
SKCOND DIVISION*.
Howard Club, Marshal Fred Frey and aids,
led by band and wagon with red fire.
Thirtieth District Republican Club.
Austro-American McKinley Club.
Army anil Navy Republican League.
Thirty-fifth District Republican <Ji_b.
THIRD DIVISION.
Band.
Marshal Sylvester Shehan and aids.
Phoenix Republican Club.
Young Men's Republican League.
North Beach Republican Club.
Irish- American Republican League.
FOUETH DIVISION.
Band.
Marshal Judge A. B. Treadwell and aids.
Montezuma Republican Club.
Forty-third District Republican Club.
ItBlio-American Republican Club.
FIFTH DIVISION.
Republican Executive Council of California.
President Judge M. Cooney.
Marshal J. E. Field and aids.
Band.
Thirty-sixth District Republican Club, Mar-
shal Joseph Shearer and aids.
Forty-first District Young Men's Republican
Club, Marshal Thomas W. Rollet and aids.
Afro-American League, Marshal J. O. Coombs
and aids.
Forty-third District Republican Club, Mar-
shal L. P. McCarthy and aids.
Forty-fourth District Republican Club,
Marshal F. Hanson and aids.
SIXTH DIVISION.
Band.
Thirty-fifth District Republican Club, Mar-
shal Burna Kelley and aids.
Forty-fifth District Republican Club, Mar-
shal A. E. Florence and aids.
Thirty-ninth District Republican Club, Mar-
shal W. T. Kibler and aids.
Forty-first District Republican Club, Mar-
shal George T. Phelps and aids.
■Thirty-fourth District Republican Club,
Marshal E. B. Smith and aids.
Forty-second District Republican Club, Mar-
shal H. L. Washburn and aids.
Thirty-first District Republican Club, Mar-
shal J. F. Goodwin and aids.
Thirty-seventh District Republican Club,
Marshal J. H. Roberts and aids. -
Ladies' Republican Club will meet at the Pa-
vilion and join the parade there.
SEVENTH DIVISION.
Bear Republican Club, Marshal T. W. Col-
lins. This is a uniformed drill corps followed
by a wagon of red fire.
The aids to the grand marshal will re-
port at the cornerof New Montgomery and
MarKet streets at 7:45 p. m. sharp, and all
clubs must be in line at 8 o'clock.
The parading bodies will take their posi
tions as follows:
Platoon of police will form on east side of
New Montgomery street, right resting on
Market. Grand marshals and aids on the west
Bide of New Montgomery, right resting on
Market. YyYy
The County Committee and invited guests
will assemble at the Union League clubrooms.
Palace Hotel. The Continental League will
form on the east side of New Montgomery,
right resting on Mission. The Eagle Club on
the west side of New Montgomery, right rest-
ing on Mission.
Second division— Howard Club will form on
north side of Howard, west of New Mont-
gomery street, right resting on New Mont
gomery, Thirtieth District Club on the left of
Howard Club. Austrian-American McKinley
Club will form on scruth side of Howard street,
right resting on New Montgomery. Thirty-
fifth District Club will form on south side of
Howard, on the left of Austrian-American Mc-
Kinley Club.
Third division— Phcenix Club and Young
Men's Republican League will form on the
north side of Howard street, west of New
Montgomery, right resting on New Montgom
ery; the Young Men's Republican League on
the left of the Phoenix Club. The North
Beach Republican Club and Irish-American
Club on the south side of Howard
street, east of New Montgomery, right resting
on Second ; the Irish-American Republicans on
the left of the North Beach.
Fourth Montezuma Club on north
side of Mission street, east of New Mont
gomery. Forty-third District Club on left of
Montezuma Club. Italo-AmericanClub on south
side Mission, right resting on Second street.
Filth division— Thirty-sixth District Club,
west side of Montgomery street, right resting
on Post; Forty- on east side of Bush street,
.right resting on Montgomery; Afro-Amerioan
League, on south side of Bush street, right
resting on Montgomery; Forty-third, on north
side of Bush street, east of Montgomery, right
resting on Montgomery; Forty-fourth District,
on oouth side of Bush street, right resting on
Sansome.
Sixth Thirty-fifth District, so*tth
side Sutter, west of Montgomery, right resting
on Montgomery; Forty-fifth District, north
side of Sutter, west of Montgomery, left resting
on Montgomery; Thirty-ninth District, south
side of Sutter, east of Montgomery, left resting
on Montgomery; Forty-first District, north side
of Sutter, right resting on Montgomery; Thirty
fourth District, north side of Post, left resting
on Montgomery; Forty-second District Club,
south side of Post, right resting on Mont
gomery; Thirty-first District, north side of
Market, right resting on Montgomery; Thirty
seventh District Club, north side of Mont
gomery to left of Thirty-first District.
Seventh division— Bear Club on Mission, west
of New Montgomery, right resting on New
Montgomery.
The Mechanics' Pavilion has been splen
didly decorated with flags and bunting
and the place is one great bower of bril
liant colors. Over the speakers' stand are
two large pictures of the Republican
standard-bearers, while portraits of nota
ble men of the party adorn other points
of the hall.
In the Pavilion tbe meeting will be.
called to order by the chairman of the
Republican County Committee, Charles
W. Manwaring, who will be followed in a
short speech by John M. Chretien, chair
man of the executive committee, who will
introduce the president of the evening,
Senator George C. Perkins.
The California quartet will sing several
selections and the bands will play instru
mental melodies.
The Afro-American League and Douglass
Guards will return to their hall on Bush
street after the parade and hold a high
jinks and banquet.
The Thirty-sixth Assembly District Re
publican Club has issued a call to the
Ocean View Republicans to meet at 7
to-night at Wolf's Hall and then proceed
to the Palace Hotel, where they will fall in
line. The officers of the club are: M. F.
Taylor, president; C. V. Bobbins, first
vice-president; L. Morrison, second vice
president; L. H. Isham, secretary ; W. C.
Fisher, treasurer; James Irwin, sergeant
at-arms.
Irish Republican League.
The regular annual meeting of the Irish
Republican League was held last evening
and organized for the purpose of partici
pating in the ratification to-night. It was
resolved that all Irishmen who have
adopted the American principles be in
vited to participate in the ratification.
After speeches by John J. Coffey, James
Gilleran and Arthur McGunen it was de
cided tbat all Irishmen not affiliated with
other clubs be invited to assemble at the
Windsor Hotel and be there supplied with
banners, etc. It was also resolved that
John J. Coffey be the marshal of said club
and that Arthur McGunen be one of the
vice-presidents on the occasion. The aids
appointed were W. P. Crowley and H. P.
Filgate. The club meets every Friday
evening at 927 Mission street. All mem
bers intending to participate in the ratifi
cation are requested to be present at 8 p.m.
sharp. ■ ■
BLAND IS THEIR CHOICE.
Arkansas Democrats Express
Preference for a Silver
Candidate.
Declare for Free Coinage and Oppose
Bond Issues in Times
of Peace.
LITTLE ROCK, Ark., June 19.— The
Democratic State Convention was in ses
sion until 2:15 this morning. The greater
part of the time was taken up in a hot
fight over the question of expressing the
choice for a Presidential candidate. The
resolution instructing the National dele
gates for Bland was vigorously opposed by
Senators Jones and Berry, but finally
adopted — 420 to 327. The platform makes
no reference to the National administra
tion. The financial plank is as follows:
We favor bimetallism, and to that end we
insist upon the free and unlimited coinage of
both gold aud silver at a ratio of 16 to 1 as the
money of final redemption, with equal legal
tender powers, independent of the action of
any other nation.
We are opposed to the issue of interest-bear
ing bonds for any purpose in time of peace.
We demand that the Government shall not
surrender, but shall always exercise its lawful
option to redeem its obligations either in gold
or silver, as may be most convenient. v ■-,'; X .'..■
We demand the repeal of the present laws
discrediting the silver money of the Nation
and legalizing private contracts, payable in
gold alone. We are opposed to the National
banking system, and favor only the money of
the constitution, and we believe the power and
duty of the Government to furnish the circu
lating medium should not be delegated to any
private corporation.
The delegates to the National Conven
tion were chosen as follows: At large,
Senators Jones and Berry, Carroll, Arm
strong and J. T. W. Tillar; First District,
Charles Coffin, John B. Driver; Second
District, S. M. Taylor, J. J. Sumpter;
Third District, Paul Jones, W. Kramsay;
Fourth District, J. G. Wallace, George A.
Mansfield ; Fifth District, R. B. Davidson,
Phil D. Scott; Sixth District, J. W.
Crockett, A. S. Lay ton.
. ♦
BOTES AT CHICAGO.
lowa's Choice Confer* With the mana
gers of His Campaign.
CHICAGO, 111., June 19.— Governor
Horace Boies, who is the free-silver candi
date of the lowa Democracy for first place
on the Presidential ticket, arrived in Chi
cago this morning from his home in
Waterloo. He spent most of the day in
his room at the Palmer House.attending
to private business, and disclaimed any
political mission, buthis coming was pur
posely timed so he could bold a conference
relative to the promotion of his candidacy
from this center with Charles A. Walsh of
Ottumwa, secretary of the State Central
Committee; Judge Van Wagner, who will
be the delegate at large in place of Mr.
Boies; S. A. Brewster of Creston; J. S.
Murphy of Dubuque and S. R. Davis, who
is in charge of the Boies literary bureau of
the lowa delegation to the National Con
vention.
Secretary Walsh admitted to a United
Press reporter that the Governor came
here partly to confer with his campaign
managers and see that his literary bureau
was put in working order and arrange for
the formal opening of the lowa head
quarters at the Palmer House on the Ist
of July. Secretary Walsh said his idea
was that the convention would name a
ticKet without regard to the free-silver Re
publican bolt, and none of the delegates
would commit himself as to Teller being
on the ticket.
Whitney a Delegate.
NEW YORK, N. V., June 19.— Among
he delegates elected to the Democratic
Convention in Saratoga to-night was Wil
iam C. Whitney, who will represent the
.'-urteentk District of New York.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JUNE 20, 1896.
GREETINGS TO THE
CHIEF AT CANTON.
McKinley Overwhelmed by
Messages From Every
State.
WIRES ARE KEPT BUSY.
<
Enthusiastic Republicans Pledge
Enthusiastic Republicans Pledge
Hearty Support to the
Ticket.
SEE VICTORY IN NOVEMBER.
Telegrams Frcm Many Sections of the
Union to the Party's Standard-
Bearer.
CINCINNATI, Ohio, June 19.— Canton
was awake bright and early this morning,
notwithstanding the fact that a large pro
portion of the population did not cease cel
ebrating the nomination of McKinley till
nearly dawn. The town already takes on
the temporary commercial aspect peculiar
to the scene of larger gatherings. Fakirs
with campaign badges and fans for sale
thronged the streets, hawking their wares,
and the variety of these is simply amaz
ing.
Opposite the McKinley residence a big
tent has been erected, under which the
hungry and thirsty wayfarers may get re
freshments at the hands of scores of ladies.
The McKinley grounds presented a deso
late appearance this morning; the beauti
ful lawn, the pride and beauty of Canto
nese homes, was bare and brown as a prai
rie swept by tire. A stream of water was
played upon its surface, with the hope of
preserving or restoring it to its former
sightly appearance.
Major and Mrs. McKinley arose this
morning much refreshed by a good night _
rest and feeling none the worse for yester
day's fatiguing experience. During the
night a mass of telegrams had accumu
lated, covering a large desk and running
into the hundreds in number. Immedi
ately after breakfast the major addressed
himself to the perusal of these, and while
thus engaged received a member of the
committee in charge of the preparations
for the local demonstration on the 27th
inst. in connection with the Tippecanoe
Club of Cleveland, and which will be
really the opening of the campaign.
Among the dispatches received was the
following from the Vice - Presidential
nominee:
St. Louis, Mo., June 19.
Hon. William McKinley, Canton, Ohio: Accept
my hearty Congratulations and those of the
New Jersey delegation. V YY;
Garrett A. Hobaet.
To which the major replied :
Hon. Garrett A. Hobart, St. Louis: I send you
my cordial congratulations and wish you
might visit me on your way home. ;i?-.*:
William McK inlet.
Senator Allison telegraphed as follows:
Dubuque, lowa, June 18.
Hon. William McKinley, ; Canton, Ohio: Ac
cept my sincere and hearty congratulations
upon your nomination. W. B. Allison.
The following are sample messages:
Benjamin Hickman, M.D., Crawfordsville,
Ind.— The negroes of Indiana are well pleased.
John T. Mack, Sandusky— Your nomination
means so much for our common cause.
Senator-elect Wellington, Maryland—
land will give you eight electoral votes in .No
vember.
George Alfred Townsend, Gaplatd, Md.—
Army correspondents laid their cornerstone
on South Mountain, Maryland, while you were
being nominated. Come back here, where you
served hot toffee to your regiment, and dedi
cate our memorial as President-elect
8. A. Parkins, chairman National Committee
American Republic College: We will do every
thing_in our power to roll up a big majority
for the advocate of protection.
W. C. Brown — None can be happier and
prouder than the members of your staff.
Colonel and Mrs. Fred Grant, to McKinley—
We send you and our future President heart
felt and joyful congratulations.
Russell B. Harrison, Terre Haute— Please ac
cept my hearty congratulations on your vic
tory, which surely means success in November.
M. G. Bulkeley— Accept the hearty congratu
lations of the Connecticut delegation.
Charles W. Parrish— Oregon delegation con
gratulates the Nation on your nomination.
Charles Becham and others— Well, we'll fight
the battle now as we fought in days of yore.
We're coming, William McKinley, 30,000,000
more.
Albion Little, Portland, Me.— You are clearly
the choice of the people.
M. 11. Eustis, Minneapolis— Congratulate our
country, our party and yourself on platform
and nominees.
W. J. Wilson, New York— You have my hand,
heart and pocket-book for President.
M. B. Camplin— Wyoming is happy; the
Nation will be redeemed and workmen will
work.
Julia Dent Grant (widow of General U. 8
Grant)— Accept congratulations for yourself
and Mrs. McKinley. \ •
Morris M. Estee— will carry California.
George M. Halbrook, Burlington, Vt.— lt was
and is a cinch. y
Senator Perkins— ln behalf of the Repub
licans of California I greet you as the foremost
defender of our party principles and congratu
late our people that you will be our next
President.
Senator Hawley— Noble cause and platform.
Congratulations and support.
Senator Lodge— All I can do to secure your
triumphant election and a Republican victory
will be done. •
Chauncey M. Depew— l have attended many
National conventions, and' never left one more
perfectly satisfied with ticket and platform.
Bishop Vincent of the Methodist Episcopal
church (to Mrs. McKinley)— l appreciate as no
one else can your husband's worth, power, no
bility and tenderness.
Lucretia R. Garfield (President Garfield's
widow) to Mrs. McKinley— Our two families
join in earnest hope that the next four years
may bring to you the most of joy and the least
of sorrow, and be to the Nation years of tri
umphant prosperity.
Harriet 8. Blame—H eartiest congratulations
with many tender thoughts of the past.
Senator Thurston, chairman of the conven
tion—This is the year of the people.
John A. Logan, Copenhagen, Denmark—
Americans abroad rejoice. This one particu
larly pleased. ,
Congressman D. . B. Henderson, lowa-
Whipped, but happy— sincerely happy.
Tillie * Hanna, daughter *of M. A. Hanna,
Cleveland— Mother says it is just as it should
be. -..• . XYVyy-
RETURN OF THE CANTONESE
Major McKinley Thanks the Yoe-
men Who Bore His Banner at
St. Louis.
CANTON, Ohio, June 19.— Shortly after
noon preparations began making for the
reception of the leturning Cantonese, and
the neighboring bouses began filling up
with residents of the city. Market street,
on which the McKinley residence stands,
is the site of numerous handsome resi
dences surrounded by wide-spreading
green lawns. These, with the gay decora
tions, which were not confined to the
houses alone, but covered the. grounds as
well, made a brilliant and attractive scene,
heightened by the bright dresses of scores
of Canton's beautiful women and girls.
The McKinley house was a busy place in
a quiet way. A stream of callers, mostly
residents of the surrounding country,
manded the major's frequent presence on
the porch for a handshake. The intervals
he spent in conversation with a few trends
in the library, varied by frequent visits to
the parlor, where Mrs. McKinley and a
party of lady friends spent the day.
Incidents more cr less interesting were
not wanting, as, for instance, the arrival of
J.W.Smith, a colored man ''of Ohio,"
who insisted upon seeing the major to pre
sent in person an application for a posi
tion. . He failed to see him, however.
There was an unexpected delay in the
arrival of the train, and it was after 6
o'clock when the music of the band an
nouced the approach of the delegation.
As they came up one street a delegation
of several hundred from Trumbull and
Mahoning counties marched up a parallel
street and they simultaneously entered
the yard, front and rear, completely filling
it. At that time the adjoining streets
were jammed, fully 10,000 people being
within sight of the house.
Major McKinley received the triumph
ant pilgrims under the trees in the side
yard, and received from them such a trib
ute as seldom falls to the lot of man. It
was a memorable scene.
Standing bareheaded just at the corner
of the house, Mrs. McKinley sitting in a
SENATOR LEE MANTLE OF MONTANA, THE LATEST TO CAST HIS LOT
WITH THE SILVER BOLTERS.
window behind him, from which she
could see and hear all that occurred, was
the friend and neighbor of the excited and
enthusiastic throng, the center of interest
of a whole nation, pale but outwardly
composed, save for a glistening of the eye
that would not be repressed, listening
first to the cheers of the assembled thou
sands and then to expressions of regard,
respect, esteem and affection.
When quiet had been restored Con
gressman R. W. Taylor of the Twelfth
District addressed the major. He* said: •
"The delegation which a few days ago
left Canton with high hopes returns to
you with these hopes realized and with
the pleasing knowledge that, as you are
honored and loved here, so you are hon
ored and loved wherever the American
flag floats. We know the same devotion
and loyalty, the same courage and con
science, the same capacity and patriotism
which have distinguished you from the
beginning will characterize your labors
in the wider field to which the American
people will soon call you."
He was followed by Judge Baldwin of
Canton, and then by Judge Day, who, on
behalf of the ladies of Richmond, Ind.,
where the delegates took breakfast this
morning and held the first McKinley
meeting in that State, presented a box of
roses to the major for his wife.
As Major McKinley mounted the dry
FREDERICK T. EUdOI?, _N ACTIVE II U TENANT AMONG THE SECEDING
SILVER MEM.
goods box serving as _ rostrum it was
plainly seen that he was deeply moved,
but mastering his emotions he said:
My Fellow-Citizens: How can I make a fit
ting response to the splendid . tribute which
has been paid by three of my oldest and earli
est friends? I think I might be excused by
merely saying that I am inadequate to the
task and can only express my gratitude from a
full and overflowing heart I have had a good
many touching incidents in |my life. Yester
day, immediately after the nomination, I was
surrounded by my neighbors and . fellow-citi
zens who did not so to St. Louis, and friends
from Massillon and Alliance, and then came
more of them from the city of Akron last
night With all these tokens I was deeply and
profoundly Impressed, but somehow the words
spoken by these gentlemen, surrounded as I
am by their associates .who journeyed to St.
Louis, somehow they have touched me more
deeply and have sounded the depths of my
heart more profoundly than anything that has
gone before. -
In this audience to-day are representatives
from all of the counties which for years con
stituted my Congressional district, and with
which I have been associated all my life. A
large body, of my fellow-citizens are here from
Trumbull. County, the place of my blrih.
[Great applause]. A large number are here
from Mahoning County [cheers], the place
where I spent all of my boyhood; the county
where I received my education, and from
which I enlisted in the war for the preserva
tion of the Union away back in 1861. [Loud
cheerine]. I came to Stark nearly thirty years
ago. You have all been my friends ever
since. [Loud cheer 3].
I will only add that I thank each and every
one of you from; the bottom of my heart for
these manifestations of frie_d*<hip, your devo
tion and loyalty. Canton and Stark County
could not help but make a good impression at
St. Louis, and Mahoning County, too, so they
all sent their best men. lam surprised that
most of them snould have been honored with
any title below "Colonel. [laughter], and as
you seem to have brought back what you went
for, those whom you left behind want me to
say that they are glad to see you home again.
[Cheers]. 'XjY'XX-
While this neighborhood reception and
reunion was in progress the front yard
bad been invaded by the victorious host of
the McKinley League of New Yoric, in
cludinz the seventeen McKinley delegates
from that State. Their train was held at
the station for the call to be made, and as
time was precious, Mr. McKinley hurried
through the house and on the front porch
faced the 200 eager- faced New Yorkers, who
split the air with yells as he came through
the door.
John F. Mulholland acted as master of
ceremonies, and calling for order, said
they would be addressed by the next Gov
ernor of New York and the next President
ofthe United States. Warner Miller in
troflttced Major McKinley in a few words.
"My fellow-citizens of New York: It
gives me very great pleasure to meet and
greet you here at my home to-day," Ma
jor McKinley responded. "It was most
generous on your pait to have paused in
your journey to the East long enough to
give me the pleasure of meeting you face
to face. .What we have to Jo this year,
my fellow-citizens, is to keep close to the
people. [Loud cheering.] Hearken to
the voice of the people, have faith in the
people, and if we do that the people will
win for us a triumph for that zreat, mas
terful principle which in all the years of
the past has given us plenty and prosper
ity."
A few remarks by George E. Mathews of
of Buffalo, president of the league, closed
the speech-making, and the members
hastily took their departure and resumed
the journey homeward.
While the Major was at dinner a col
ored man from Youngstown named Cuney
sang a song, which he composed and wrote
for the campaign, to their great entertain
ment. Y.YY' y Yyyy
Among the callers this evening was
Webb C. Hayes of Fremont, son of the late
ex-President.
Hobart Hurrying Homeward.
COLUMBUS, Ohio, June Garrett A.
Hobart, the Republican candidate tor
the Vice-Presidency, passed, through the
city to-night :on his way home. He was
with a small party on a Pennsylvania
special, and did not go from here to Can
ton to call upon McKinley, as expected.
There was no demonstration at the sta
tion.
Bradley Expresses Pleasure.
FRANKFORT, Ky., June 19.— Governor
Bradley and others of the State House
contingent returned this morning from
the St. Louis convention. The Governor
says he is well pleased with the result of
the convention, as. since his withdrawal
he had been most interested in seeing the
adoption of a strong gold platform. He
thinks McKinley, Hobart and gold will
sweep the country this fall.
MR. TELLER FOR
THE PRESIDENCY.
[Continued from First Page.]
rare ability, great patience and forbear
ance, always treating every one kindly, no
matter* how worn down with work, never
neglecting a single duty."
♦
TELLER'S STRENGTH.
Skinner of North Carolina Says the
Democrats Could Win Under
His Banner.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., June 19.— bolt o
Senator Teller and his free-silver associ
ates yesterday has caused politicians all
over the country to calculate his strength
as tbe Presidential candidate of the free
silver Republicans, Democrats and Popu
lists. The conclusions differ widely, but
that of Representative Skinner, Populist
of North Carolina, is entitled to as much
serious consideration as any. Mr. Skinner
is an advocate of Mr. Teller's nomination
by the Democrats and Populists as their
candidate for the Presidency. He said :
"Mr. Teller's strength is so very great
and he is so conspicuously the man for
this emergency that it will almost amount
to a crime if the opportunity is permitted
to pass unimproved. The Democrats,
however, must take the initiative, as they
meet before the Populists, but if they will
indorse him on a free silver platform the
Populists will accept him and give him
their full support at the polls. Mr. Teller
would be a much stronger candidate than
a free silver Democrat. He could poll
the silver strength of the three parties.
and would be at least seventy electoral
votes stronger than any Democratic bi
metallist in the country. A Democratic
bimetallist could, under favorable circum
stance, hope to carry only these States:
Alabama. 11 Texas IS
Arkansas 8 i Virginia 12
Florida. 4 Montana 3
Georgia 13 Idaho 3
Kentucky.... .13 Colorado 4
Louisiana 8 .Nevada 3
Mississippi 9 Utah .- 3
North Carolina 11: Indiana IS
South Carolina 9 Missouri 17
Tennessee 12 j Illinois 24
Total 197
"Now, Mr. Teller would carry all those
States and these in addition:
California 9, Oregon 4
Kansas 10 ■ Washington 4
Nebraska 8 Wyoming 3
North Dakota 3 Michigan 14
South Dakota.... 4, Minnesota 9
Total 68
Total Teller strength In Electoral College, 265.
"I think these figures will stand the
most thorough examination, and I cannot
for my life see how the silver men in the
Democratic party, who will undoubtedly
control the Chicago convention, can fail to
give us Teller as the silver candidate."
JOINED BY MANTLE.
The Senator From Montana Leaves
the Republican Party With
the Silverites.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., June 19.— A few be
lated stragglers, feebly echoing the tumult
of the past four days, is about all that re
mains here to-night of the great conven
tion. The exodus began immediately upon
adjournment, and every out-going train
since that hour has been crowded. The
first to arrive were the legion of newspaper
correspondents, and they are the last to
leave. Most of the uniformed clubs left
this morning. All were escorted to the
Union station by local marching clubs.
There remain, however, a number of
men who added an exciting chapter to
political history. The dissenting delegates
who left the convention were as busy to
day as earnest men can be. Senator Lee
Mantle of Montana, who stayed in the
convention, but voted against the plat
form and the candidate, in a fate edition
of the Chronicle this morning casts his lot
with the bolters. His signed statement
follows:
Although not having actually withdrawn
from the late Republican convention, I am
nevertheless firmly of the opinion that in the
adoption of the single gold standard the Re
publican party has abandoned one of its
cardinal principles of faith, and I cannot sup
port it in that position.. I believ. that Henry
M. Teller represents, In the fullest and highest
sense, the true principles and purposes of the
Republican party as advocated by Lincoln,
Grant and Blame. I fully indorse the sug
gestion of his candidacy for President and do
not hesitate to say that if nominated I shall
give him my hearty support. And I urge
upon all who believe in the principles for
which he stands to do the same.
I take this position in my Individual capac
ity, and not as a delegate representing the
State of Montana. Lee Mantle.
Since the dramatic incidents of yester
day the Populists . have been active in en
deavoring to profit by the bolt. A hastily^
called conference of Populist leaders was
held at the Lindell Hotel to-day. There
were present Chairman Taubeneck of the
National Committee; A. Roselle, National
committeeman from Missouri; J. H.
Davis, National Committeeman from
Texas; Eugene Smith, National Commit
teeman from Illinois, and a large number
of local Populists.
Chairman Taubeneck would not give the
details of the conference, but said the
principal topic discussed was how to pro
ceed in tendering or accepting overtures
from all the friends of silver. *. V
" Mr. Taubeneck was anxious to know
whether the silver men would pledge their
votes and influence to the party that would
1 w.
"APE NTA"
THE BEST NATURAL APERIENT WATER,
THE BEST NATURAL APERIENT WATER.
Bottled at the UJ HUNYADI Springs, Buda Pest, Hungary,
'y Bottled; at. the UJ HUNYADI Springs, Buda Pest, Hungary,
Under the absolute control of the Royal Hungarian Chemical Institute
Under the absolute control of the Royal Hungarian Chemical Institute
(Ministry of Agriculture), Buda Pest.
"We know of no stronger or more favourably- \ _u!^*->-^-"h!«j*l#_**x
constituted Natural Aperient Water than that I Royal Councillor, M.D:, Pressor ef ■'<
yielded by the Uj Hunyadi Springs." ; ' ) &£^^?S^£_l_3
(Ministry of Agriculture), Bud* Put. '
APPROVED BY THE ACADEMIE DE MEDECINE, PARIS.
APPROVED BY THE ACADEMIE DE MEDECINE, PARIS:
Prices : 10 cents and 25 cents per bottle.
Prices: 10 cents and 25 cents per bottle.
OF ALL DRUGGISTS AND MINERAL WATER DEALERS.
Full Analysis and additional Testimony and Information supplied
Full Analysis and additional Testimony and Information supplied
by CHS. GRAEF & CO., 32, Beaver Street, ' New York, Sole Agents
of .
THE APOLLINARIS COMPANY. LIMITED.
.■.'■.■-■.■''"■■' ■ '■ ■-. ■ '■ ■■' ■--..■■ - - ■
name Y. Senator; Teller as its standard*
bearer. '• On this subject, seemed to hinge
the whole weight of the coming statement
from "the Populists.
"The Populist party is perfectly neutral
on the tariff question," said Mr. Taube-
neck. "We will accept either a high, or
low tariff, if the man or party merits our
votes on the silver question. That we con
sider the main question before the country
to-day."
Others at the conference seemed anxious
to know if the Democratic party was likely
.to take up Teller. One of the results of
this conference will be an address to the
country which will shortly appear.
DUBOIS AT THE HELM.
All Matters Relating to the Bolting
Movement Placed In His
Hands.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., Jane 19.— At a meet
ing of the withdrawing delegates held this
morning, at which the address to the
American people was agreed to and is
sued, it was ordered that until a formal
organization should be perfected all
general matters relating to this move
ment, so far as these delegates were con
cerned, should be under the direction of
Senator Fred T. Dubois of Idaho. This
was done by the unanimous vote of the
men signing the address. Senator Dubois
will remain in the East for some time,
and will doubtless be at the Chicago con
vention. The others, including Senator
Cannon of Utah, will start at once for the
West.
Senator-elect Foraker of Ohio, who is
stopping at the same hotel, dropped into
the silver headquarters this afternoon to
say good-by to the delegates, all of whom
he knew personally.
STEWART'S OPINION.
Strength Shown by the Sliver Men
at St. Louis Regarded as a
Hopeful Sign.
NEW YORK, N. V., June 19.— Senator
Stewart of Nevada, who is at the Hoffman
House, regards the action of Senator Tel
ler and the men who followed him out of
the St. Louis convention as .significant in
the highest degree.
"Senator Teller represented the real
sentiment of nine-tenths of the people
west of the Mississippi River," said he,
"and three-fourths of the people of the
United States. To me it appears a hope
ful sign and very remarkable that 105 men
could have been found in the convention
to vote as they did against the consoli
dated bank influence of Europe and
America.
"The Democratic friends of silver have
succeeded in electing a majority of the
delegates in favor of the United States and
against English rule, and are anxious to
make an honest effort to rescue the party
which Cleveland betrayed from the con
trol of Pierpont Morgan, the Belmonts
and their associates. It remains to be
seen whether politics and intrigue will de
bauch the convention at Chicago."
Galusba A. Grow, Congressman-at-large
irom Pennsylvania, says that the Repub
lican bolt will not mean a loss of more
than seventy-five votes in the electoral
college.
PACIFIC COAST SENTIMENT.
Celebrations In Several Towns In
Ratification of the Action at
St. Louis.
SAN LUIS OBISPO. Cal., June 19.— A
grand ratification meeting was held here
to-night to celebrate the nominations at
St. Louis. It was under the auspices of
the Republican club and enthusiastic Mc-
Kinley people. A large platform had been
erected on one of the main streets, where
J. D. Fowler called the meeting to order
and stated its purpose. Speeches were
made by local orators, a brass band sup
plied music, large bonfires were burning,
anvils Doomed and the street was crowded
with people. It was the opening gun of
the campaign, and everything points to a
large Republican vote in this city in the
fall'
. SANTA ROSA, Cal., June 19.— The
news of the nominations at St. Louis was
received here with profound satisfaction,
and a mass-meeting of enthusiastic Re
publicans will ratify the Presidential
ticket on Monday night, There will be a
salute of anvils, speeches by prominent
citizens and music by a brass band and
glee club.
COLUSA, Cal., June 19.— The Republi
cans of this vicinity gathered here to-night
to express their approval of the action of
the St. Louis Convention, and the nomi
nation of McKinley and Hobart. Bands
were playing and anvils booming, and
hundreds of rockets were touched off.
SAN DIEGO. Cal., June 19.— A big Re
publican rally was held on the plaza to
night to ratify the work of the St Louis
convention. Ringing speeches were made
by General Eli H. Murray, Senator
Withington, Assemblyman Guy, Irving B.
Dudley of the State Executive Committee
and others.
AUBURN, Cal., June Republicans
here will ratify the National ticket to
morrow night by organizing a McKinley
campaign club. In an interview, F. P.
Tuttle, acting chairman County Central
Committee, says: "I believe the ticket is
very satisfactory to the majority of the
Republicans here. I have always been
for McKinley and preferred Hobart to
Morton. Of course the gold plank will
put a chill on our enthusiasm in the be
ginnintr, still I believe California will vote
ior McKinley and protection."SIGHTS ON THE SAN LORENZO.
Wonderful Marine Parade
at the Santa Cruz
Carnival;
FLOWER-JECKED ROYAL
'LOATS.
Cruising Singers Shipwrecked
in Yew of Applauding
Thousands.
MIMIC SHIPS UPON A MIMIC
OCEAN.
Pyroechnic Battle of the Paint-Clad
Monitor and Lath-Ribbed
Merrimac.
SANTA CRUZ, Cal., June 19.— T0-day
the Santa Cruz Venetian Water Carnival
wes distinctively worthy of the name. j
Nothing hut the Adriatic city itself could ,
have been more Venetian. Had one of the j
Doges of old returned to earth and ap
peared in the city of the Holy Cross he j
would have felt entirely at home. Indeed, j
the blue sky and balmy air of this Cali
fornia's most beautiful seaside city, is
reminiscent of sunny Italy.
The third day of the fiesta dawned glori- ;
ously and hundreds of people were early
on the streets or promenading the beach j
watching the waves break on the gleaming !
sand. There was happiness in the air and
a great joy in the mere fact of living where
Nature is at her best.
This was in reality a "water" day. All !
of the festivities took place upon the j
Laguna de Carnival and the people who
witnessed them were numbered in the ;
thousands.
One o'clock was the hour set for the
commencement of the performance, and
by that time all the seats on the shores of
the lake were a mass of color. Bright
faces and beautiful costumes were set
amid a background of waving fans swayed
by the hands of the lovely women of Cal- \
ifornia.
A few minutes past 1 the Venetian
river fete commenced. It was a magnifi- j
cent pageant of floral floats and artistic i
novelties in watercraft. Life and beauty j
were the order of the day.
It was scheduled that Governor Budd !
and Queen Josephine would review the
procession as it passed the royal palace, j
The Governor, however, failed to arrive,
and as a consequence her Majesty was at- \
tended only by her prime minister, B.
K. Knight. They did their parr, however, !
a- well as if the Governor had been there. ;
The beautiful procession of flower-covered
Boat! passed by in perfect order, each
seeming lovelier than its predecessor. The '
audience not only had a view of each float ,
as it passed but also a duplicate of it as it i
was reflected on the clear surface of the j
water. I
The first event of the day was the libera- |
tion of a number of homing pigeons,
which were brought from San Francisco. '
The birds were not very lively when first
liberated, but they soon ascended to a \
great height, hovered in the atmosphere a t
few moments until they got their bearings,
and then started toward the north. At a
late hour to-night nothing had been heard I
from them, although it was supposed that
they would reach their destination within '
three Pours. It was beautiful to see the j
dozens of pearl-colored creatures when
they first realized the joys of liberty after
their long confinement. They seemed
surprised and uncertain as to which way |
to fly and hovered over the lake a few sec- i
onds before making their swift ascent.
The procession started with a grand
overture from "Raymonde" by the or-
chestra.
The floats came from the lower end of
the lake, passed in front of the grand-
stand and then under Queen Josephine's
throne. Bound and round they glided
again and again, and yet the audience
never tired of them.
Each float came in for its share of praise,!
but Mrs. J. R. Chace's seemed to strike
the audience as a little more original than
the others. It was California beyond a
doubt. It was called the "Poppy float"
and was occupied by Mrs. J. R. Chace,
Mrs. Jeter and a party of friends. In gen
eral shape the float resembled an ordinary
Sailboat, but the sails were made of wire
netting with countless yellow popnies
sewed upon it.
The sides were covered with California
flowers and the general effect was original
and beautiful, and called forth rounds of
applause.
All of the floats were "beautiful, but of
course some were more pleasing to the
audience than the others. The barge from
the Holy Cross School came in for a good
deal of applause. It was in white and
silver and appeared to bediawn by butter
flies. No details were neglected. Its gen
eral form was graceful and pleasing and
the color scheme beyond criticism.
Within the float a number of young ladies '
Lively Times at the Santa Cruz Agency of "The Call" After the Arrival, of the Sp-cial Train.
from the school were seated. All were at
tired in white, and with their pretty faces
formed a graceful picture.
The "White" barge belonged to the So
cial Singing Club. It was in charge of
Professor Hastings, but unfortunately met
"with misfortune. For some unknown
reason it sank. The crew were all rescued
without great difficulty, but there was no
more vocal music during the afternoon.
The incident added greatly to the amuse
ment of the audience from the fact that
at the time of the disaster the singers were
doing their best to produce the harmoni
ous notes of "One More River to Cross."
Uncle Billy Bias had a barge of his own
and of his own kind. Uncle Billy was
thoroughly at home in, it and caused con
siderable amusement.
The "Marshal Kid" was also in a class
by himself and naturally broke all rec
ords. He was funny, too, in fact a great
deal funnier than many others who tried
to be amusing.
The Queen's barge was, of course, a
thing of beauty. It was in white and yel
low and propelled by a dozen lusty oars
men, who for the time being were galley
slaves.
Hihn & Co. had a beautiful float in yel
low and white. It represented a bell and
was entirely covered with flowers.
There were numerous other floats which
covered the water so thickly as to almost
hide it from view.
All was a scintillating movement of
bright colors and graceful form.
During the afternoon Roncoiveri's band
rendered the following programme:
Grand overture, "Haymonde" Thomas
Petite vals, "Flirtation" Sleek
Excerpt om "Robin Hood" De Koven
Solos for Messrs. Kent, Mahood and Schemer.
Intermezzo, "Forget Me Not" Mac Beta
March, "I* Hesia" Roncovleri
Descriptive fantasia, -'The Midnight Patrol of
the Shrtners" Donigan
Grand overture, "Orpheus" offenbach
'•Toreador et Andalouse" from "Bai Costume"
Rubinstein
Patrol. "The Passing Reeiment" Coverley
March, "*tcosemite" Stetzel
If the scene was beautiful during the
day, when night came it was beyond de
scription. . The palace and Queen's throne
appeared in light colors against a sky of
indigo. The waters of the lagoon seemed
like ink, except where they caught the re
flection of the palace and the barges.
Over the surface of the lake countless ves
sels moved, each illuminated by dozens of
Chinese lanterns. The bulls were visible
for a moment in the glare of the electric
light then disappeared in the shadows at
the end of the lagoon.
Tne incident of the evening was the
mimic engagement between the Monitor
and Merrimac. Both vessels were made
to correspond to the shape of the originals,
but the strongest material used was lath
and muslin, painted to produce an imita
tion of the terrors of the Rebellion.
An attempt was made to carry out the
facts of the great battle in Hampton
Roads. Both vessels approached in proper
order and the firing commenced. Cannon
roared and the smoke of battle almost
concealed the duelists from view. The
ammunition used, however, was the
ephemeral ball of the Roman candle.
Yet it did good work, for the Merrimac
was conquered in proper time and disap
peared from sight. This part of the pro
gramme called forth snouts of approval
from hundreds of throats.
The "sea fight" was the only feature of
the evening, and as soon as it was over the
barges commenced to move.
An entertainment was ' given on the
stage iv front of the palace, which con
sisted of fancy dancing by Miss Nina de
St, Hubert's pupils, a fancy drill by the
Santa Cruz Young Ladies' Drill Corps,
living pictures, athletic exhibition by the
Turn Verein, singing by the Social Sing
Scene in the Pretty Breakfast-Room of the Sea Beach Hotel Half an Hour After the Arrival of
The Call's" Special Train at Santa Cruz.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JUNE 20, 1896.
John R. Chace, Proprietor of the Sea Beach Hotel, and One of the Chief Promoters of Santa Cruz's
Great Water Carnival.
[From a photograph by Marceau.]
ing Club and the Arion Singing Society,
music by Professor Hastings' young
ladies orchestra, and an exhibition drill
by the Naval Reserve.
During the evening the orchestra gave
one of. the beautiful illustrated concerts
tbat have made the carnival so interest
ing. The programme was as follows:
Grand overture, "Ma.xlmillian Robespierre"..
: I ....Litoif
Grand illustrated piece, selection from the ope-
ra of "Carmen" Bizet
American fantasle, "Memories of the War, or
a Pay In Camp in '62" Reeves
Depicting camp life from reveille to tattoo.
Illustrated sacred piece, paraphrase on "Abide
With Me" Monk
Petite waltz, "Loin dv Bai" ......Gillet
Grand Illustrated piece (descriptive), "Mill in
the Forest" v Kllenberg
Grand fantasia and paraphrase on "My old
Kentucky Home" .......... .Dal bey
Introducing solos (or all the principals of th:; band.
Grand illustrated piece (Salop do voucert), 'The j '
Infernal"...' .:. .' ...... .1 Keler-Bela
Grand illustrated piece ' (descriptive fantasia),
"A Battle Scene" Hartman
March, "Santa Cruz Carnival" Koncov teri
The fireworks were a feature .of the
evening entertainment. There was not a
moment when some mimic comet was not
cleaving the sky. This part of the pro-
gramme began with a grand salute of
meteors, which, after exploding, descended
in a shower of . golden rain. The last
piece was a pot-pouri of all sorts of explo
sives, such as shells, sky-rockets and
Roman candles. It was a striking wind
up of the third day of the Santa Cruz car
nival.
THE SANTA CRUZ SPECIAL.
Carnival Visitors Appreciate, the Enter-
prise of "lhe Call." '
SANTA CRUZ. Cal. June 19.— sec
ond specil carnival train sent out by tbe
San Francisco Call took this city by
storm. Tbe fact tnat a train would be sent
here was announced yesterday, and when "'
the •'flyer" reached the platform of the
Sea Beach Hotel this morning a crowd
was waiting eager to catch a glimpse of, the
great daily. .
The run made by this Call special was
better than yesterday's from a time stand-
point, but in a way not as good. It made
the run in fifteen minutes less time, but no
long stops were necessary. The special left
Fourth and Townsend streets at 3:45 a. m.
j and reached • this . city at 6:30. From be-
ginning to end it was a rapid run. Papers
were thrown off at ail stations along the
road and eagerly grasped by the; carriers. .
People at the Sea Beach Hotel were par
ticularly interested' in the ; arrival of tbe
train. The big bundles of » Calls had no
sooner been opened than dozens of people
crowded about to purchase them. Many
of the buyers had attended Queen Jose
phine's ball and were not a little sur
prised to see an accurate, illustrated de
scription of it published in a San Fran
cisco paper hardly three hours after the
guests had gone to their homes.
In less than an hour after the special
train's arrival the pretty breakfast-room
of the Sea Beach Hotel was filled with
Calls. There was hardly a person at the
tables who was not perusing the great
morning daily. The same thing might
have been observed in any of the other
big caravansaries of the carnival city.
The newsboys who were fortunate enough
to secure a supply soon disposed of them.
Will S. Grant, The Call agent, sold over
1500 more than his regular supply.
Mr. Grant has fixed up his place of
business in the most pronounced carnival
attire. Yellow and white predominate, of
course, but the colors are so arranged as
to produce an elegant and pleasing effect.
The Call's special trains to the carni
val city have been a great success, and the
people have appreciated the work in the
most practical way — by buying all the
papers that were for sale.
PINE RIVER DAM BREAKS
Torrents of Water Are Sweeping
Through Pelican Creek Val-
ley, Minn.
Buildings Washed From Their Founda
tions and Carried Away No Loss
of Life Reported.
ST. PAUL, Minn., June 19.— News has
been received by courier that the Pine
River Government dam has broken, and
the water is pouring in torrents through
the valley of Pelican Creek to the Missis
sippi.
The break is about four miles from the
dam proper, and was caused by the water
running over the top of the bank and
making a channel before it was discov
ered, and the water is now rushing
through a break 200 feet wide.. There was
a sixteen-foot head on the dam, which
confined the water of seventeen lakes, all
being bank full. The gates at the dam
were raised at once in order to draw tne
water into the Pine River, which is now
running full.
The water was rising this afternoon at
the rate of one foot per hour in the new
channel- and also in Pine River. The
buildings of A. T. Kimball, a hotel-keeper
at Pelican Creek, have all been moved
from their foundations and some of them
swept down the stream in the new chan
nel. -He saved his stock and furniture.
At Brainerd they are . preparing for a
five-foot rise, in the river, which will make
it two feet higher than during the recent
flood. No lives are reported lost.
INTERESTS THE COAST.
Range-finder Site at the Presidio— Pat-
. ents and Pensions.
WASHINGTON, D.C., June, 19.— 8y
direction of the Secretary of War, the fol
lowing board of officers is appointed to
meet for the purpose of selecting a site for
location of the Lewis range-finders at the
Presidio, San Francisco: Colonel William
M. Graham, Colonel Charles R. Suter,
corps of engineers; Lieutenant Ormond
M. Lissak, ordnance department.
California patents: Charles Cognaisse
and D. If. Suultz, San Francisco, auto-
matic car-fender; Austin W. Cook, Stock
ton, thill tug; Frederick A. Lund, Los
Angeles, crutch ; Charles R.Martin, Re
dondo. wave-motor; John -M.M unlock,
Oakland, curtain-hanger; " Louis Phelan,
San Francisco, shawl strap; M. H. Sin
clair, Los Angeles, lamp-stove. . y •:■'.>'- "
California pensions: Additional (spe
cial), John A. Campbell, Pasadena; res-
toration and increase (special). William B.
England, Pasadena. Mexican War widow
, Frances R. Brown, Los Angeles.;
HANNA PLACED
IN CONTROL
Chosen to Manage the Cam-
paign for McKinley and
Protection.
SUCCESSOR TO CARTER.
Authorized to Appoint an Execu
tive Committee of Nine
Members.
HE IS GIVEN FULL AUTHORITY
All but Two Vacancies Found to Ex-
ist iv the National Organization
Are Filled.
: ST. LOUIS, Mo., June 19.— Republi
can National Committee met this morn
at the Southern Hotel for the purpose of
organizing and becoming acquainted with
the new men placed upon the committee
by var?'ous delegations. Secretary Man
ley of the committee called the new one to
order, and Powell Clayton of Arkansas
presided.
On motion of Scott of West Virginia the
few vacancies found to exist in the com
mittee were filled with tne exception of
Alaska and the District of Columbia,
which, owing to the difficulty in making
selections, was left to the executive com
mittee.
The following is the list of the member
ship of the new National Committee, ex
cepting the two vacancies noted:
Alabama— William Youngblood.
Arkansas — Powell Clayton.
California— J. D. Spreckels.
Colorado— F. Sanders.
Connecticut — Samuel Fessenden.
Delaware— James H. Wilson.
Florida John G. Long.
Georgia— Jud son W. Lyons.
Idaho — F. Shoup.
Illinois — T. N. Jamieson.
Indiana— W. T. Durbin.
lowa— A. B. Cummings.
Kansas— Cyrus Leland Jr.
Kentucky — John W. Yerkes.
Louisiana — A. L. Wimberly.
Maine — Joseph H. Manley.
Maryland — George L. Wellington.
Massachusetts George H. Lyman.
Michigan— George L. Maltz.
Minnesota— L. F. Hubbard.
Mississippi — James J. Hill.
Missouri — R. C. Kerens.
Montana Charles R. Leonard.
Nebraska — John M. Thurston. *
Nevada— C. H. Sproule.
New Hampshire— Person C. Cheney,
New Jersey— Garrett A. Hobart. ~Y-\X
New York— Frederick S. Dibbs.
North Carolina— James E. Boyd.
North Dakota — H. Robinson.
Ohio— C. L. Kurtz.
Oregon— George A. Steel.
Pennsylvania— M. S. Quay.
Rhode Island — Charles R. Brayton.
South Carolina— E. A. Webster.
South Dakota— A. B. Kittredge.
Tennessee — W. P. Brownlow.
— John Grant.
♦Utah— O. J. Salsbury.
Vermont— G. T. Child's.
Virginia— George E. Bowden.
Washington— P. C. Sullivan.
West Virginia— N. B. Scott.
Wisconsin— Henry C. Payne.
Wyoming— Vandevanter.
Arizona— William Griffith.
New Mexico Solomon Luna.
Oklahoma— Henry F. Asp.
Indian Territory— Leo E. Bennett.
•.Re-elected, but refuses to serve because of the
adoption of the gold standard at St. Louis.
The committee appointed by the con
vention to notify McKinley and Hobart
of their respective nominations met this
morning. The first-named committee will
notify McKinley at Canton, 0., on June
29. The committee appointed to notify
Hobart will perform a similar service at
Hobart's home July 7. Y- y
Mark Hanna was nominated for chair
man by Payne of Wisconsin, seconded by
Pennsylvania, Ohio and Now York, and
was elected by the unanimous vote of the
committee. Hanna accepted, making a
short speech, and was received with ap
plause.
Manley was made temporary chairman,
Burke of Pittsburg temporary assistant
secretary. Colonel Swords of lowa, ser
geant-at-arms of the old committee, was
kept in that position temporarily. It was
agreed that Chairman Hanna should have
full authority to select all officers of the
committee, including the treasurer, which
office even was filled temporarily.
At the instance of Thurston, the chair
man of the committee was anthorized to
appoint an executive committee of nine
members. W. H. Andrews acted as proxy
for Senator Quay, who early this morning
started for the East. No successor has
been elected to take the place of Hobart.
Tbe committee adjourned and will meet
in New York in three weeks.
DEPEW SHUNNED HONORS.
Enthusiastic Republicans Wishes
to Present His Name for
Second Place.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., June 19.— Chauncey
M. Depew of New "York will never have a
more flattering opportunity to contest for
a Vice-Presidential nomination man * was
presented to him yesterday. It was a part
of well-founded gossip about the Southern
Hotel last night that an earnest effort was
made at one stage of yesterday's proceed
ings to : induce Mr. Depew to permit his
name to go before the convention for sec
ond honors. .'.-;-
;-,': From the moment of his arrival in the
ball until an ; adjournment was reached
ten hours later, Mr. Depew was easily, one
of the most conspicuous of the many dis
tinguished men present. His first appear
ance on the floor was the signal for a vig
orous hand clapping, both from the spec
tators in the galleries' and the nine hun
dred -and odd delegates. • These cordial
manifestations of popularity were fre
quently repeated, so frequently that it was
obvious that those present desired to ' im
prove every opportunity to ; indicate in
this manner their affection for the great
New York Republican.
> .This was conspicuously so when at the
close of the day Depew arose I for the: last
time to second the motion to make Mc-
Kinley's nomination unanimous. It was
followed by a wave of applause of greater
intensity and duration than/any which
had preceded it.
It was . these . evidences of popularity
that led some of Mr. Depew's enthusiastic
friends in certain of the delegations to re
quest permission to nominate him for the
Vice-Presidency. While he was mani
festly flattered at the sincerity of purpose
displayed by these gentlemen he does not
appear to have been at all influenced by
the suggestion. Politely but firmly he
declined any suggestion of his name in
connection with the second place, and
while discouraging all efforts in that
direction quietly used his influence with
the New York delegation to support the
Eastern candidate, Hobart of New Jersey.
MCKINLEY'S EMBLEM.
Colored Pampas Plumes Adopted
In Honor of Mrs. Strong of
California.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., June 19.— The follow
ing letter has been received by the Unite-
Press for publication:
St. Louis, Mo., June 19, 1896.
To the Republican Party of the United States:
In recognition of the courtesy of Mrs. H. W. E.
Strong of Los Angeles, Cal., in presenting to
the Republican National Convention, through
its chairman and the chairmen of each State,
the adopted Republican emblem of IS9-, made
of California pampas plumes (the only Ameri
can product cultivated for the beautiful), I do
hereby recommend to the party the use of this
emblem in red, white - and blue pampas,
mounted fan-shape on a staff for parades and
interior decorations.
j Y'Y'Y M. A. Hanna, Chairman. !
MORTON DISAPPOINTED.
Sits In Silence for a Moment After
Hearing? of McKinley's Nomin
ation at St. Louis.
ELLERSLEY, Rhinebeck-on-the-Hud
son, N. V., June 19. — When the news of
McKinley's victory in the National Repub
lican Convention at St. Louis was flashed
across the private wire in the residence of
Governor Morton last evening the Govern
or, who had been close to the instrument
all day watching the convention proceed
ings, leaned back in his chair and said:
"McKinley is nominated and the next
President has been named."
There was something of an expression of
disappointment in the Governor's face.
He sat for a moment in silence and then
turning to a representative of the United
Press he said:
"The result is no surprise to me. Since
the action of the National Committee in
regard to the contesting delegates it has
been a foregone conclusion that he would
be named for President.''
LONDON PRESS COMMENTS
Rabid Attack Upon McKinley and
Americans by the Semi-En-
lightened Standard.
LONDON, Exo., June 19.— 1n its issue
this morning the Daily News congratu
lates the Republicans of the United States
if not on their candidate at least on their
refusal to have anything to do with the
mischievous currency delusion.
The Chronicle says: Nothing has been
heard in this country of Mr. McKinley's
personal character, except that it is hon
orable. Yy ->Y
The Standard says: McKinley is neither
distinguished, learned nor wise. It is a
victory of the common-place. Senator
Teller was right when he said that the
gold standard and protection could not
exist together in the United States. If
hard and fast protectionism wins in No
vember a debased currency is almost cer
tain to follow. The foreign policy is to be
truculence and fuss. England must not
assert her rights, but must be thankful for
what the ereat Republic condescends to
give her. It is a reactionary platform in
most respects. . Tne moral level of party
politics has fallen so' low that men of the
stamp of McKinley are about the best pro
curable. They are fully as good as the
Nation deserves.
Sominated a ailverite.
BEATTYVILLE, X _ June 19.—
Democrats of the Tenth District this morn
ing nominated T. Y. Fitzpatricx, a silver
ite of Floyd County, for Congress.
It is said that jewelers are having much
trouble with artificial rubies. This stone
is Imitated so closely by the French that
it is almost impossible to detect the artifi
cial from the real stonQ
NEW TO-DAT.
An Extraordinary Announcement.
An Extraordinary Announcement.
OUTING OUTFITTERS.
OUTING OUTFITTERS.
Don't you know it's almost a business by
itself? Yy
At least if it's done here.
Any way, it's so here.
Boys' long pants suits, good styles $4 00
Combination suits, ages 8 to 15— ln-: -
eluding extra pants ana cap _ 60
. Don't pay 33 75 elsewhere. .
Boys' outing shirts, beginning at 60
Overalls, best quality. 60
. . ... The cheap quality are not here.
1 1 25 all-wool sailor suits In tan, gray
and blue 75
Boys' Hats, Caps, Sweaters cheap.
_^S_______§&?/
Unusual care with mail orders.
Unusual care with mail orders.
Warm
Weather-
Weather—
Cool
■wOOI
Shirts.
Shirts.
Keep cool and enjoy yourself in a
STANDARD Outing Shirt. All dealers.
•
*l TRADE P
r'T Trade *
J N.B.
I MARK
NEUSTADTER BROS., S. F., M'n'f'rs.
NEUSTADTEK BROS., S. F., M'n'f'rs.
34
YOSEMITE STAGE
ROBBER SUSPECTS.
Littlefield and Robinson
Tell of Their Recent
Movements.
A SPECK OF ROMANCE.
Claim They Were Principals in
a Midnight Elopement on
Horseback.
IN WHICH THE GIRL WEAKENS
District Attorney Wallace Thinks
They Might Also Have Held Up
the Stage.
RAYMOND, Cal., June 19.— 0f the
three men who were yesterday arrested on
suspicion of having robbed the Yosemite
stage it is doubtful if either is the crimi
nal. There is a strong set of circumstances
surrounding the actions of Littlefield and
Robinson. For some time past Littlefield
has been engaged to a young lady named
Miss Neva Loc_, who lives a short dis
tance from town. About a month ago the
mother and father of the young lady for
bid Littlefield coming to their house and
since that time the young . lady has not
been in the company of Littlefield.
Littlefield claims that he had a prear- I
ranged plan with Miss Neva that on the
night before the robbery she was to start
for Coulterville, under the pretext of vis
iting her sister-in-law at that place; that
he, in company with Robinson, overtook
Miss Lock, who was accompanied by Miss
Olive Whitfield, at about 1 o'clock in the
moraine between Raymond and Mari- 1
posa, the young ladies having started on j
horseback about the middle of the night ;
in order to avoid the heat of the day, and :
there Miss Lock refused to elope, stating \
that her parents had exacted a promise I
from her to refrain from naving anything I
to do with him.
When Robinson and Littlefield accom- i
panied the young ladies as far as Mariposa j
they turned back and arrived at Raymond
about two hours after the robbery, where
they were arrested.
The officers do not know how much !
credence to give this Btory, until Miss j
Lock is interviewed. The young lady,
is expected, will return from Coulterville
to-night or in the morning.
The day preceding the robbery Littlefield
wanted to change hats with the proprietor ,
of one of the hotels here, and when he was ;
refused he surreptitiously accomplished his i
object later in the day. He was also try- '■
ing to borrow a pistol, but was refused by j
every one whom he asked.
Miles Wallace, the District Attorney, ar- I
rived here to-day and has been investigat- [
ing the matter.
He says that under the facts as stated i
by Littlefield plenty of time could have
been had by the prisoners to go about
three miles out of their way, job the stage
and return to town when they did. A few
days prior to the robbery Littlefield was '■
"broke" and penniless, and when arrested !
he had several dollars, which he claims
were given to him by Robinson, who, it is ■
said, lately sold his cattle for several
hundred dollars. The preliminary ex- j
amination was set by Justice Ayer at 1 \
o'clock to-morrow, but the complaint now !
on file will probably be dismissed and a <
new one will be filed, as the proper ar-*i
rangement and procedure have been com- j
plied with in the present instance.
ASTORIA'S FISH WAR.
One Cannery Agrees to Pay Five Cents
and Others Will Follow.
• ASTORIA, 0b.,, June 19.— militia
are still here, under charge of General
Beebe, but there has been no trouble of
any kind so far and none is expected.
The proposition of a Scandinavian fac-
Tory to-day to pay 5 cents was accepted by
the fishermen and to-morrow 125 boats
will start out for it. Other canneries are
in operation on a small scale with fish re
ceived from up the rivet. While there
are fair prospects of other cannerymen
paying the fishermen the price asked,
nothing is definite.
The season is now more than half gone. !
From a business point of view the season ;
has been a financial failure on both sides, !
to an extent hard at present to estimate.
It is reported to-night that the militia '
will be recalled because the expense,
about $2000 per day, is not warranted, as
up to th-; present time only nominal occu- :
pation has been found for them. The >
militia are having a regular picnic, j
although the discipline and conduct are j
excellent. Practically no scab fishermen
have accepted the protection offered to go'
out on the river. A few young men about
town without experience made drifts, in :
the river, which has such a large run of '
salmon this year that they made good
catches.
SPOKANE'S COMPLAINT.
Makes an Effort for a Square Deal in
Freight Rates.
TACOMA, Wash., June 19.— parlors
of the Tacoma Hotel have been occupied
all day with counsel and witnesses in the
great freight rate case which the Spokane
merchants are pressing to compel' the
Northern Pacific Railway Company to
cease giving cheaper overland freight rates
to the merchants of coast cities than is
given to those of Spokane.
The question involved is whether the
Northern Pacific Railway Company has
been carrying out the order of the Inter
state Commerce Commission, which re
quires that Spokane freighters shall be
given the benefit of an 82 per cent rate be
tween terminals on perishable goods not
subject to water competition.
J. M. Hannaford of St. Paul, W. A. Un
derwood of New York, C. W. Bunn and 8.
it. Fulton are representing the Northern
pacific Raiiway, and Frank H. Graves of
Spokane the merchants of that city. The
evidence so far given is in favor of the
Spokane merchants. '
PREVENTED AN ESCAPE.
Sacramento Deputy Sheriff Takes a Shot
• at a Prisoner.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., June 19.— W. C.
Hardie, a County Jail prisoner, had the
life nearly scared out of him to-day by
Deputy Sheriff Conran. He and a man
named Roblin are serving a six months'
sentence for vagrancy. They are the pair
who were arrested last spring for bringing
a couple of girls here from Suisun and
placing them in a house of ill fame. See
ing an opportunity to dash through the
gate, of the jock yard Hardie took the
chances and was running for dear life
when Deputy Conran fired a shot at him.
Hardie dropped, and it was thought he
was shot, but he only did that to save be
ing shot at again. Conran gathered him
in and returned him to the jail. ■ ' •*>
PAS ADEN ANS FALL OUT.
Suits and Counter-Suits Brought by
Southern California***.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., June 19.— The
classic suburban town of Pasadena is con
siderably wrought up over the suit of Dr.
Denis S. Green, a prominent physician
there, against W. I. F. Randolph, his wife,
Marie Randolph, and son, T. E. Ran
dolph, for $20,000 alleged damages for
malicious and false prosecution.
. The action is brought in the Suprerior
Court of this county. Dr. Green was ar
rested at Pasadena in March last on com
plaint of the Randolphs. The complaint
charged that the doctor amused himself
one morning by beating his horse as it
stood in a stall in the stable, and that he
kept up the lashing for ten minutes.
-The prosecution alleged that by- reason
of his cruelty to the horse, he brought
himself within, range of the law with re
gard to cruelty to animals.
Green was tried before Justice Morrison
ef this City, and then brought the present
suit, including as defendants, Randolph,
his wife and son. Dr. Green alleges that
he has been a practicing physician in
Pasadena for eleven years past and has
borne a good reputation in the com
munity; that by reason of the prosecution
he has been injured in his business, and
the damage he has sustained amounts to
$20,000.
In their answer defendants allege that
they believed the charge to be true when
the complaint was sworn to and that there
was probable cause to justify them in that
belief. They deny that there was any
thing malicious in the prosecution. . Quite
a number of witnesses from Pasadena are
in attendance at the trial. The impanel
ing of the jury in the case was going on
this afternoon.
RESPITE AT SAN DIEGO.
Murderer Joe Ebanks Should
Have Been Hanged
Yesterday.
Plays the Insanity Act So Effectually
That He May Yet Cheat the
Gallows.
SAN DIEGO, Cal., June 19. — Joe
', Ebanks, the double murderer, was to have
j been hanged to-day. Like most other
i murderers, his neck is still unstretched,
| although he has confessed his crime. An
\ appeal has been taken to the Supreme
; Court, and meantime Ebanks, presumably
I on the advice of others, is playing the in
| sanity dodge, or was until to-day.
For four or five days he has acted as
j crazy as he knew how— barking, howling,
; throwing dishes and rolling on the floor.
': He butted bis head against the walls of
; his cell, but took care not to hurt himself.
I He became so troublesome that he was
| placed in shackles and straitjacket.
A day or so ago he refused to eat, but
I couldn't keep this up more than two
meals, as his gluttonous appetite was not
i to be controlled by the freaks of his mind.
i Yesterday his tobacco was taken away
from him and this seemed to have brought
■ back his sanity quicker than anything
I else.
Ebanks now denies the troth of his con
! fession and his attorney says he will
make a strenuous effort to save his neck.
i The murderer is good for some weeks yet
| pending the appeal.
TA COMA'S HUNGRY FIREMEN.
Will Leave the Department Unless they
Receive Their Pay. .
TACOMA,. Wash., June 19.— A commit
tee from the Fire Department, one mem
ber from each company, called on Mayor
Fawcett to-day and in a respectful manner
addressed him in the matter of the men of
the department being left without their
salaries and without any assurance when
they may be paid. The exact condition of
the men, who for months have not re
ceived a dollar from the city, was made
plain to the Mayor. After tbe committee
had explained their positiou tbat some
thing will have to be done, they stated
that unless prompt action was taken by
the city officials the firemen would be com
pelled to leave the department in a body.
The Police Department will make a sim
ilar appeal to-morrow.
BAKERSFIELD BUNCOMBE.
Result of the Efforts .of a Pyrotechnic
Grand Jury.
BAKERSFIELD, Cal., June 19.—
trial of ex-Deputy County Clerk H. L.
Packard on a charge of falsifying the rec
ords of the county came to an end to-day.
Packard was promptly acquitted. Pack-
ard was indicted by the famous Long
Grand Jury of 1894, which made wholesale
indictments of county officials on evidence
supplied by Expert Edgar Moore of Los
Angeles. It was alleged that he issued a
certificate to J. B. Batz, now County Treas
urer, for one scalp, but entered on the
books ten scalps, drew the money from
the State and pocketed it.
Assistant Attorney-General C. N. Post
came down from Sacramento to conduct
the case at the request of District Attor
ney Fay. Great caie was exercised . in ob-
taining a jury, which was composed of
men of standing. The evidence showed
that the entry complained of was not
made by defendant, but by another man.
The defense put Batz on' the stand and
he swore that he brought one scalp per-
sonally, but sent down nine more in the
same quarter from his home in the moun-
tains sixty miles away, by his half-brother
and received payment for same. The
messenger who brought the scalps is now
in Arkansas, but his deposition had been
taken and was to the same effect.
The defense had the canceled check by
which payment was made to Batz, but it
was not necessary to produce, it in evi
dence. This left the case without any
thing to support it and the jury promptly
found Packard not guilty.
This adds another to the list of indict
i ments found by the Grand Jury, in which
charges have been entirely disproved and
i verdicts of acquittal rendered. Every case
I so far tried has had the same outcome. .
BRITISH PROTECTIONISTS.
Opposition to the Proposed Free Trade
Celebration.
LONDON, England, June 19.— As some
thing of an offset to the tremendous re
vival of protectionism in the United
States and France, .as evidenced in the
popular support accorded to the cham
pions of that cause in those countries, viz.:
William McKinley and Premier Meline, a
grand free trade ; celebration ,is being
planned to take place before the expiration'
of the present year, which marks the
semi-centennial of the abolition of the
corn laws in this country.
There is, however, a considerable protec
tionist element in Great Britain, which
points with satisfaction to the refutation
of Cobden's prediction that England's ex
;ample would be followed by the principal
nations of the earth, in view of the fact
that not only the countries specified, but
also the English colonies without excep
tion, Germany, Italy and Russia, are still
strong in their adherence to protection.
.Many even of the firmest advocates of
free trade discountenance the idea of cele
brating the anniversary, claiming that any
agitation of the subject can but serve to
afford opportunity to their opponents for
initiating a policy of retaliation. .
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JUNE 20, 1896.
FATE OF THE
VISALIA BANDIT.
Si Lovren to Be Imprisoned
the Balance of His
Life.
VERDICT OF THE JURY.
The Leader of the Tagus Train-
Robbers Effectually Dis-
posed Of.
JURORS HEARTILY THANKED.
End of One of the Most Interesting
Criminal Trials of Tulare
County.
VISALIA, Cal., June 19.— three
months ago Si Lovren was arrested for
complicity in the Tagus attempted train
robbery. About 8:30 o'clock this morning
word was sent along the streets from the
courthouse that the Lovren jury was ready
to report its verdict.
It was not many minutes before an in
terested crowd assembled in Department 1
of the Superior Court, where the long
trial has been in progress. Lovren was
brought in by Sheriff Merritt. . He ap
peared, as usual, in his shirt sleeves, and
wore no handkerchief around his neck,
his once-gashed throat having completely
healed and only a scar remaining. After
the jury was polled they rendered thp fol
lowing verdict:
We, the jury, find the defendant, Josiah
Lovren, guilty as charged in the Information,
and recommend and direct that he be Im
prisoned in the State prison of California for
life. M. 11. Lovelace, Foreman.
Lovren's lips murmuring, "Thank God I"
was the only visible sign that the con
victed train-robber showed.
After the jury was discharged and as
they passed into the corridor many of the
spectators pressed around them to shake
their hands and congratulate them upon
their verdict.
Thus was ended one of the longest and
most interesting criminal trials ever held
in Tulare County. The trial was begun on
June 1 and 144 jurors were summoned
before the panel was* completed. Thirty
six witnesses were put on the stand by the
prosecution and twenty-six by the de
fense. There were six rebuttal witnesses.
Six attorneys were engaged in the legal
battle.
Monday, June 23, at 10 o'clock, was the
time set for pronouncing sentence.
This morning business was almost sus
pended, so eager were the people to talk
with and congratulate the jurymen on
their verdict. Maurice E. Power, who
made the closing argument yesterday!
came in for bis share of congratulations,
not only from Visalians but from citizens
in all Darts of Tulare County. YY* -YY
SONOMA REPUBLICANS
Instruct Delegates to Vote Solidly for
Congressman Barham.
SANTA ROSA, Cal., June 19.— Re
publican County Central Committee met
this afternoon at , its headquarters on Ex
change avenue, W. E. Price of Vine Hill
presiding. Nineteen delegates to the
Congressional Convention to be held in
San Francisco June 30 were selected, with
instructions to vote solidly for Congress
man J. A." Barham. Resolutions eulogiz
ing Mr. Barham were unanimously
adopted. The following are the delegates:
Sixteenth Assembly District W. J. T.
Orr. J. W. Rose, N. B. Coffman,.D. B.
Pugh, W. B. Haskell, I. T. Ward, J. H.
McNah, T. C. Putnam, H. Meacham and
W. F. Price.
Seventeenth Assembly District— E. W.
Davis, E. A. Poppe, R." M. Swain, J. W.
Ragsdale, A. G. Burnett, J. M. Striening,
W. S. Staley, G. B. Baer and J. P. Smith.
♦
BIG FIRE AT SANTA ANA.
Large Barn and Warehouses Destroyed.
Loss About $10,000.
SANTA ANA, Cal., June 19.—
large barn and warehouse of W. F. Bots
ford near Fullerton, this county, was to
tally destroyed by fire this morning shortly
after midnight. Two hundred tons of hay,
000 sacks of barley, nine horses, two mules,
a gasoline engine and a' large amount of
farm machinery was consumed. A piano
stored there was also destroyed. The
structure was 200 feet wide by 400 long.
MURDERED IN TUOLUMNE COUNTY.
The accompanying picture is from a photograph found in the possession of an
unidentified prospector, whese bullet-mutilated and charred remains were found
by stockmen on the 1 Ith inst. on the Roasco range, in the Jawbone country . It is a
good likeness. of the murdered man. One McMillan is in the Sonora Jail on sus
picion of having committed the crime, while the officers of the county, are trying
to establish the identity of the victim.
Total loss $10,000, insurance $3500. Sup
posed to be the work of an incendiary.
HARRISON GULCH BONANZA.
Immense Body of Rich Ore Found in
the Conani Mine.
REDDING, Cal., June 19.— An immense
body of rich ore has just been exposed in
the celebrated Conant mine at Harrison
Gulch. The ore averages $2000 per ton,
and there is plenty of it in sight. The
owner is sacking it up and storing it away
in his house, not being willing to run it
through the mill .he now has on the
ground. He will put in a new plant and
thoroughly develop this bonanza. It is
without a doubt one of the the richest
mines in the State.
FATHER DANIELS' FUNERAL.
A Long Cortege Follows the Remains to
the Grave From Vallejo.
VALLEJO, Cal., June 19— The funeral
of Rev. Louis Daniels, 0.P., took place to
day. The line of procession to Benicia was
the longest ever seen in Solano County,
there being nearly 200 carriages following
the hearse. The Catholic societies in
cluded the Vincentian Guards, St. Vincent
Benevolent Society and the Children of
Mary— some fifty young ladies, clad in
blue gowns, over which was a white veil
toe Young Men's Institute, Ancient Order
of Hibernians and Hartford Hose Com-
pany, of which the deceased was an honor
ary member.
Parochial and Sunday school children
followed on foot for the distance of a mile
from St. Vincent's Church, where high
mass had been said by Rev. Father Jones,
after which an eloquent memorial sermon
was preached by Most Rev. Archbishop
i Riordan of San Francisco.
Twelve Dominican fathers, in addition
j to the secretary of the Archbishop and the
I clergy from other denominations in
; Vallejo, were present and went to Benicia
|in carriages. * y
The burial services took place in the
Dominican cemetery, and though brief
were impressive.
VENTURA'S ENCAMPMENT
Southern California Veterans
Will Hold a Ten Days'
Reunion.
Elaborate Preparations for the Cele
bration—Excursions to Neigh-
boring Towns.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., June 19.—
encampment of the Southern California
Veterans begins at Ventura July 1 and
lasts ten days. Reports to Commander
Downing here indicate that the attend-
ance this year will exceed that of former
encampments. The camp is delightfully
located in a plaza near the ocean.
A literary and musical programme will
be rendered each evening in the "big
tent" and inSiddition dancing will be the
order in the pavilion tent. No charge will
be made for admission to either, thus furn
ishing two places of free entertainment
for all who desire to participate.
During the encampment there will be
three excursions — one to Hueneme on
July 2, to Santa Paula, Friday, July 3,
and to Santa Barbara on Monday, July 6.
On July 4 the people of Ventura, Santa
Barbara, Santa Paula and neighboring
towns will unite in a grand celebration,
which promises to outdo anything of the
kind ever had in Southern California. All
the bands in the counties of Ventura and
, Santa Barbara have been engaged, as well
| as the old renowned "Veteran Fife and
j Drum Corps" of this city, which has been
engaged by the association to play during
the encampmant.
A monster parade of Veterans, Son of
Veterans, Regular Army and Navy Union,
National Guard and civic societies will be
held in the morning, to conclude with a
patriotic programme.
■ — ♦
AFTER A MILLIONAIRE'S MONEY
All Contestants in the Davis Will Case
-YrY'. to Have a Chance.
BUTTE, Mont., June 19.— Judge Mc-
Hatton decided in the noted Davis will
contests that all the new contests, includ
ing those of Huldah Queen Davis, the
alleged widow of the dead millionaire,
and her two daughters in California,
Elizabeth Morrow and Laura Calhoun, be
given a standing in court, and the cases
will come on for trial on their merits.
♦— — rY~ '■■•':!
Miners Strike, at Leadvllle
LEADVILLE, Colo., June 19.— A miners'
j strike was inaugurated to-night, when 750
I men refused to go on the midnight shifts.
More will go out to-morrow. The contest
is over a demand for the recognition of
the Miners' Union and an advance of
wages from $2 50 to $3 per day.
A lawyer of Biddeford, Me., is afflicted
i with a peculiar mania for collecting lamps
;of all sorts. His house is filled with every
| kind of a lantern he has been abie to buy,
I including a full line of bicycle lamps.
He visits Boston frequently, and always
1 brings back with him a new lot of lamps.
j His craze costs him a good deal of money,
and he declares that he is aware of the
j folly of it, but is entirely unable to re
j sist it.
CAMPBELL ESTATE
IN CONTROVERSY.
The Death of James K.
Wells Causes Legal
Disputes.
MURDERED BY DUNHAM
A Question Now Arises as to His
Interest in the Will of
Mrs. McGlincy.
FINE LAW POINTS INVOLVED.
M. T. Brewer Opposes the Public Ad-
ministrator's Application for
Letters.
SAN JOSE, Cal., June 19.— appli
cation of Public Administrator J. K. Sec
ord for letters of administration upon the
estate of James K. Wells, son of Mrs. R.
P. McGlincy and one of Dunham's vic
tims, came up for hearing in Judge Rey
nolds' court this morning.
The application of Secord is contested
by M. T. Brewer, the recently appointed
guardian of Dunham's baby, who has also
applied for letters on Wells' estate.
A peculiar question has arisen in the
ca«e. Under her will Mrs. McGlincy left
the entire estate to James K. Wells, and
the question is as to whi.h of the two died
first. If Mrs. McGlincy died first then
James K. Wells inherited the property
valued at $35,000, and Percy Osborne
Brewer, as Dunham's child is now known,
is direct heir to the estate. If Mrs. Mc-
Glincy survived Wells and Mrs. Dunham,
her daughter, then her relatives are also
heirs to the property.
Mr. Brewer, who is the baby's guardian,
makes the contention that Mrs. McGlincy
died first, and by reason of his relation
ship he should have control of the child's
estate. Some little testimony as to Mrs.
McGlincy's prior death was offered and
not contradicted. If Wells died first he
would have no estate upon which to ad
minister.
Judge Reynolds, after hearing argument
in the matter, took the case under advise
ment.
FRANKLIN DIVORCE CASE.
Testimony Taken in the Suit by Com-
missioner Montgomery.
SAN JOSE, Cal., June 19.— Court Com
missioner Montgomery has filed his report
of the testimony taken in the suit of Mary
J. Franklin for a divorce from Luther T.
Franklin, on the ground of desertion. The
Franklins were married at Stockton in
June, 1892.. At that time Franklin was
engaged m the piano business. In 1894
Mrs. Franklin's health compelled her to
leave Stockton, and she came to San Jose
and made her home with her mother, Mrs.
Elizaheth Judd. .It. was understood that
her husband would dispose of his business
and. follow her . here. Instead, however,
he took another woman and went to Pasa
dena, where he was last heard of. He has
not contributed to her support since she
came home to her mother. " There is no
community property and no children to
wrangle over.
MRS. LOVETT IS FREE.
Secures a Divorce Front the Husband
\ Who Deserted Her.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Juue Francis E.
Lovett was to-day granted a divorce from
Charles E. Lovett on the ground of deser
tion. The Lovetts were married some six
years ago. At the time of her marriage
Mrs. Lovett was a widow and possessed of
some means. She set Lovett up in the sa
loon business, but he began to run around
with other women and deserted his busi
ness and was finally forced into insol
vency. About two years ago he deserted
his wife and went to Los Angeles, where
he now resides. / There are no children
and no community property.
BURGLARS PLEAD GUILTY.
Two Worthless Characters Who Will Be
Sentenced Tuesday.
SAN JOSE, Cal., June 19.— Fred Page,
who was caught in the act of robbing A.
E. Hafely's room in the Ru3s House on
May 31, to-day pleaded guilty to a charge
of burglary before Judge Lorigan. He will
be sentenced Tuesday.
Apolpnio Sanchez, who committed nu
merous burglaries in this city during car
nival weeK, was arraigned in Judge Lori
gan's court this morning on a charge of
robbing Mrs. J. R Bartrun's residence on
South Seventh street. He pleaded guilty
to burglary in the second degree. He will
be sentenced Tuesday.
TO CHECK A WILD CAREER.
, Gus Allen Prefers Charges of Insanity
Against His Daughter.
SAN JOSE, Cal., June 19.— Corinne
Allen, a pretty young woman of 22 years
of age, is confined in the County Jail on a
charge of insanity preferred by her father,
Giis Allen. The girl's parents reside in
the Willows, but about two years ago Cor
inne left her home, and since then she has
been the inmate of several questionable
MEW TO-DAY. '-.**■
You Know f
| Columbias? J
«: You think you'll save a few dollars at the start In cheaper Y3
«Zz You think you'll save a few dollars at the start In cheaper
•__" bicycle buying— perhaps you get what you pay for, but you 3
g~ don't get a hundred dollars' worth the real value is in the -^
S^ cost at the end of the year— best costs less, Lsts longer, 3
doesn't bother you while it lasts— certainly is always 3
_t: worth its price. Y3
*»- ~3
«£ COLUHBIA CATALOQUE FREE AT OUR AOENCIES.
£ . ■„ COLUnBIA CATALOOUE FREE AT OUR AGENCIES. 3
g^ BY nAIL, FOR TWO 2-CENT STAJIPS. _3S
S_y Bargains in Second-hand Bicycles.
S^ - Call or Write for information ■ __;
I Pope Manufacturing Company, 344 Post Street. 1
I Pope Manufacturing Company, 344 Post Street, f
g! Golden Gate Park Branch— Street, near Stanyan. 3
resorts. The young woman is perfectly
sane, and :it is only to check her, wild
career that her father has preferred such
a charge against her. She declares she
will not return to her home.
World's Fair School Diploma.
SAN JOSE, Cal., June 19.— City Super
intendent of Schools F. P. Russell bas re
ceived a vellum diploma from the World's
Fair Commission wbich was awarded the
San Jose schools by the judges of the
World's Columbian Exposition for' the
best display of school work. The diploma
is accompanied by a large bronze medal in
a velvet and aluminum case.
Tinner and Plumber Insolvent.
SAN JOSE, Cal., June 19.— Thomas
Kiernan. a tinner and , plumber at 216
West Santa Clara street, has filed a peti
tion in insolvency. His liabilities amount
to $1163, of which $937 is due Holbrook,
Merrill & Stetson for material. The as
sets consist of a stock of goods valued at
$500 and a lot valued at $1200. but subject
to a $300 mortgage. . « :...-'
Franklin Road Club Officers.
SAN JOSE, Cal., June 19— The Frank
lin Road Club has elected the following
officers: President, H. R. Bradford; vice
president, A. Cottle; recording secretary,
A. Veit; financial secretary, J. Rose; treas
urer, J. ' Gregg; handicapper, S. idiot
s'en; captain, A. Hebert; first lieutenant,
H. Landon; second lieutenant, E. Robin
son; bugler, W. Travis; color-bearer, F.
Brown.
BAKERSFIELD LUCK.
Wonderful Escape of a Switchman Front
a Horrible Death.
BAKERSFIELD, Cal., June; 19.—Wil
liam Miller, a Southern Pacific switcn
! man, bad a narrow escape from a horrible
! death early this morning. A switch en-
gine was coming toward him and he and
an assistant jumped at the same moment
for a step on the pilot. Miller fell square
| in the middle of the track end tbe engine
passed entirely over him. The engineer
i stopped at once, expecting Miller had been
cut to pieces, but he jumped from between
: the rails, and an examination showed that
the engine haa rolled him over and over
I and not injured him except by tearing his
1 clothes and bruising his body slightly.
[ The top of his hat was cut off by one of
the wheels, which just shaved the crown
: of bis bead.
EXECUTION OF KAUMANU
The Hawaiian Monster Hanged
for the Murder of Old
Mrs. Robinson.
One of the Most Atrocious Crimes in
California's History — A Neat
Job at Fo'som.
FOLSOM, Cal., June 19.— Paulo Kau
manu was hanged at the State prison this
morning. Kaumanu was the Kanaka who
murdered an old woman at Latrobe, El
Dorado County, kicking her to death and
robbing her house.
The Hawaiian murderer passed the
night quietly, giving no indication that
his impending fate disturbed his sleep.
He was served with a good breakfast in
his cell and ate fried chicken and other
food. He was then visited by Father
Hunt of El Dorado County and confessed
to him. He then announced himself
for executior-uj
I AtTtwenty minutes past 10 he was con
ducted from his cell to the trap. He was
calm and seemingly indifferent. The cap,
noose and straps were adjusted within
thirty seconds and the trap was sprung.
He said nothing on the trap, and hardly
moved a muscle after being dropped.
About thirty spectators were present,
among whom were Sheriff Hilbert of El
Dorado and several friends of the mur
dered woman.
Several weeks ago Governor Budd was
appealed to by representatives of the
Hawaiian Government to exercise clem
ency in the case of the condemned man,
but after an investigation into the facts of
th« case, he failed to discover any mitigat
ing circumstances and refused to interfere,
The crime -for which Paulo Kaumanu
died was of peculiar atrocity. Mrs. Ellen
Robinson, the woman whom he brutally
murdered two years ago, was old and
feeble and wholly unable to make any
effective resistance. He felled her to the
ground and tnen kicked her until she was
in a dying condition, after which he plun
dered the house and made his escape. He
has never shown any remorse for his deed,
his whole behavior since conviction being
marked by a stolid indifference, which he
maintained to the last. V V
COALINGRUS GUSHER.
Spouts Four Feet and Runs Several
Hundred Barrels a Day.
FRESNO, Cal., June 19.— Tbe report
that a gusher had been struck in the
Coalinga oil fields, in the western part of
this county, has Deen confirmed by the re
turn of several parties who went over to
the oil district to investigate. The gusher
is on Captain Frank Barrett's claim and it
spouts four feet into the air, running sev
eral hundred barrels a day.
The well was capped with great diffi
culty.- An 800-pound weight was first
placed on the cap, but the jet sent it
hurtling into the air. Then 3000 pounds
of scrapiron was used and this held the
cap dows.
The value of the well is estimated at
$25,000. Before the summer is over 100
wells will] be sunk in the district and
Fresno County will receive a great boom
in 'the oil industry.
Vallejo Will Ratify To-Night.
VALLEJO, Cal., Jnne 19.— Extensive
preparations are being made in Vallejo
for a grand Republican ratification to be
held Baturday evening.
A WANDERER.
;• \— iv
A Man Who His Been Over, the
A Man Who His Been Over the
Wide, -Aide World. YYY V;
NEARLY DIED ff AFGHANISTAN.
And - Was Serionsl; Affected in San
Fran. sco.
WAS IT TOO MICH CLIMATE
The Palace Hotel daly receives visitors
from some quarter of tfe globe.
Here are to be seen ai .times the Turk,
the Hindoo, the Egyptan, the Russian
and all the curious repreentatives of the
peculiar people living in'_sia, Africa and
the remote European ccners. Truly, it
is a cosmopolitan hotel. 1
Yesterday there was noiced a curious
figure of the human fanily. A shade
darker than brown, but black, closely
cut white hair, piercing bUck eyes with
roguish twinkle, short, *w_ll knit, be-
whiskered, he indicated the Englishman.
It was difficult to get him Stated, but be
was at last prevailed upon, aid being at
bottom an affable fellow, -joke of his
travels, his escapes, his curioui meetings,
bis love for California, etc. \
Turning from the light, any, jaunty
manner in which he had been speaking he
became serious. Said he : \
"I have been in San Francisco n»w about
ten weeks, and I have had the de-iil's. own
time of it until about a week ago.s;
"At first I saw the sights and had good,
jolly time. Never felt better. \
"But one - morning I got up with a
dizzy feeling, a pain in my back, a nerv-
ous twitching about the eyes and ether
parts of the body, and really, don't you
know, I was in a bad way, old chap. I
felt out of sorts. Took a little gin. Didn't
help me. Called in a doctor. He looked
at my tongue, felt my pulse, gave a piece
of paper and was off. Things went on
from bad to worse. I began to lose my
memory. I could -no longer concentrate
my mind. I was lost.
"I used to get up at night and trembled
all over. Couldn't sleep couldn't.
"I discovered I bad been on the go too
long.
- "Four weeks aeo, reading your paper
one day, I read about a medicine called
Hudyan. 'What was Hudyan?' said I.
Well, don't you know, I determined at
last to try it. I did so. Now, 1 tell you
what is the matter; no chaffing. This
same Hudyan is one of the most powerful
vegetable vitalizers made. It fixed me up
in no time. Look at me. Do 1 look like a
wreck? Why, lam as good as I was when
21 years old. After I took Hudyan two
weeks I had no pain in the back— bet-
ter and stronger than I bad for many a
day. It fixed me up spin and span.
•_I am liKe a new man. Yes, I will treat
the new man.'*
So ended one of the pleasantest inter-
views had for many a day. After leaving
our English friend I determined to find
out what this Hudyan is. Hudyan! It
haunted me like a specter. Did I need
Hudyan? Should I get Hudyan? What
is Hudyan? Who takes Hudyan? For
what is Hudyan used ? These and a hun-
dred other questions occurred to me. . Ob,
now I know what is Hudyan, It is a
specific remedy for nervous, exhausting
debility, nervous loss of vitality, etc. It
cures Failing Manhood; renews, gives life
to ail parts of the body.
Hudyan is the great remedio-treatment
that has been indorsed by scientific men.
No one else can administer Hudyan but
the old Hudsonian doctors. If you are in-
terested you can call or write to them for
| (CiRCULARS and TESTIMONIALS. ]
Hudson Medical Institute
Hudson Medical Institute
Stockton, Market and Ellis Sts.
Stockton, Market and Ellis Sts.
—FOB THE
GENERAL ELECTION
ALL ELECTORS DESIRING TO VOTE AT
the coming election must be registered re-
gardless of any previous registration.
Registration for the General Election to .held
November 3, 1896, commenced at the office of the
Registrar of Voters In the northeast wing of the
New City Hall on WEDNESDAY, May 27, 1896,
and will continue until
nonday, August 3, i 896, inclusive,
when Registration at the Central
Office will cease.
* On and after July 11, 1896, registration will be
open at the New City Hall on Saturday evenings
from 7 v. _. to 9 r. _.
PRECINCT REGISTRATION
Will commence in the several precincts of the
cltykra TUESDAY, August 4, '1896, and clo
on SATURDAY, August 8, 1896, when all regis-
tration will cease.
Office hours from 9 a. M. till 10 P. _.
By order of tfie Board of Election Commis-
sioners.
W. M. HINTON,
Registrar.
Redemption of Dnpont-St. Bonds.
TREASURER'S OFFICE, CITY AND COUNTY
of San Francisco, June 17, 1896.
Holders of Dupont-street bonds Issued under an
act of tbe state Legislature entitled, "An act to
authorize the widening of Dupont street, in the
City of Ban Francisco,", adopted March -3, 1876.
are htrebv notified that the undersigned "ill re-
ceive sealed proposals " for surrender of said
bonds, as provided by section 13 of said act, at
his office, in the New City Hall, San Francisco,
until 12 o'clock noon of TUESDAY, June 30,
1896.
The amount to be applied to the redemption of
said bonds is about three hundred and seventy-five
thousand dollars ($375,000). Bidders will state
at what rate they will surrender their bonds for
payment, less coupons due. No proposals above
par will be considered.
Bids to be indorsed, "Proposals for Surrender of
Dupont-street Bonds." A. <"• WIDBEK,
' ■ ■ City and County Treasurer.
Y_______3!^U_^-___.
IS THE VERY .•"BEST -ONE TO EXAMINa
-IS THE VERY B_s- OXE To EXIMISH
! J- your eyes and at tnem to Spectacles and Eya.
glasses with instruments of his own InvenUoa.
whose superiority has not been equaled, _Ly au_>
teas has been due to the merits or my wor_y
Office Hours^l- to - p. m. YJ'Tyy
/ ' i ■
PC-tch-tier. Eu_Ua_ Diamond Brand.
P Chichester'* Eu«U.h Diamond Brand.
ENNYROYAL PILLS
ENNYROYAL PILLS
-fi**V Orljtaal and Only Guanine. A
£tl n>S_ Sl"'.^'^ "•»"•. / u»oi£s uk /T\.
___Ura_&. Dni*ili' ror Chiclxtttrs gngti.k Dia/!r\S.
BT**»sT__rs^J,<m'» Brand lv Red and Chid met»llla\\^
;£_» __twffl'*le*,V e',.?',th blo« ribbon. Take Vy
. Trl •* "_J»» other. MMi_|nM ntbitif* -V
• I /_ fWtiont and imitations. At Dniwu:«, or wad <&*.
I__ _*€ ft l*lT?l_'-ft,r J""»rtl«»l»M, V-tloenUl. and
_V* IP KSUe? J™r«ta<!,«'»'" »«'"«'. brret-rn
— "V __E_ Mall. - -0,000 T«:imoni»l». Sams Paper.
K«i_fcrr/,£b,,?.hc*t?r Co-.-tfadUon Square,
WJ" V »U Local DmstiiU. -- i'hUjwl -•-. P_,
COSMOPOIjITAN',
Opposite U. a Mint, 100 and 10"2 Fifth st, Saa
i rancisco, — The most select family hotel ia
the city. Boird and room, $1, $1 .5 and $1 50 par
day, acoordiig to room. Heals -5& Rooms, "**■*"-
and 750 a day. Free coach to and from we _oc_,
-«ok for th< coacu beari ns the name ot th* Co*.
] mopoiiun Jioid. w_U _'AUii i. ProprioXMkROUTED BY THE
ARMY OF GOMEZ.
One Thmsand Spaniards
Fall in the Battle
of Najasa.
CUBA* VALOR TRIUMPHS
The /rrival of Re-enforcements
S;ves the Regulars From
Annihilation.
TVO DAYS OF HEAVY FIGHTING
retails of a "Crushing Defeat Which
General Weyler Reported as.
a Victory.
HAVANA, Cuba, June 17 (via Tampa,
FU., June 19).— Tbe event of the week has
been Gomez's splendid victory at Najasa.
Puerto Principe. The details thus far are
meager, the best report received here up
to the present time being from the cor-
respondent of La Discussion, which is re-
garded a? the best informed independent
paper in Havana.
He says Genera! Jiminiz Castellanos left
Puerto Principe on the Bth inst. with 2114
men. 342 horses and rive mounted pieces
of artillery. On the Oth they encamped at
a cattle ranch called Saratoga, where,
about 4 p. m., the attack commenced by a
charge of 1000 rebel cavalrymen with ma-
chetes. From that moment until the
morning of the 11th the insurgents con-
tinued harassing the troops, killing and
wounding many.
The story of Gerueral Castellanos, who
commanded the Spaniards, is that the
Cuban charges were repelled either by ar
tillery fire or by forming hollow squares,
, which the Spaniards consider unbreak-
able. Still Castellanos confesses that there
were moments of great danger, and only
by displaying the greatest valor could the
Spaniards succeed in repelling the attacks
of the enemy. He admits that the num
ber of wounded Spanish troops obliged
him to erect his camp hospital in the
farmhouse of the ranch, a brick structure
which was so riddled with bullets that
some of the wounded men were struck
after being placed inside.
Castellanos also acknowledges that Gen
. eral Godoy's arrival wan very opportune,
since the forty-two hours' fight had ex
hausted his treops. In view of the loss
inflicted on the forces Generals Godoy and
Castellanos decided to return to the city
without pursuing the enemy, who bad al
ready inaugurated their retreat .on Godoy's
approach.
Varela, La Discussion correspondent,
also states that the Spanish troops fired
50,000 cartridges and 30 shells and the
rebels 25,000 shots. He figures the rebel
losses from 400 to 500 and the Spaniards' ;
at &*>. of whom only 4 were killed and the
rest wounded, including two officers. He
concludes his story by simply announcing
the arrival of both columns in Puerto
Principe without stating in what condi
tion they entered thecity; whether all
their commanding officers of high or low
rank returned or who were missing. This
is the Spanish side of the fight, which is
borne out by the official report.
From ' other sources, incomplete and
lacking important details, it is snown that
• Gomez had only 1800 men. General Cas
tallanos' forces amounted to 3500 men.
Gomez, knowing of his rival's approach,
placed the men in convenient positions,
dividing his forces in small groups of 300
men each. As soon as the Spaniards were
comfortably encamped in the ranch, pre-
paring for the next day's attack on
Gomez' stronghold at Najasa, the Cuban
chief suddenly made his appearance and
attacked their positions simultaneously on
all sides.
Taken unawares and completely sur-
rounded, all they could do was to defend
themseives from the continued charges,
which, with marvelous military precision,
were kept up night and day without af-
fording the Spaniards a moment's rest.
Thanks to General Godoy's timely ar
rival with 2500 men, Castellanos was saved
from complete defeat. It is said that if
Godoy had delayed his march six hours
longer Castellanos would have surren
dered, as he was already too weak to stand
fighting much longer.
The actual losses on both sides have not
been ascertained yet. It is only known
that the Spaniards brought with them 320
wounded from the held of action, and if
any were left behind them it is not
known. Report has it that the total Span
ish loss in killed, wounded and missing
was over a thousand.
The sanitary condition of the island is
getting worse every day. Reports are
coming in from every town and city re
counting ravages of yellow fever, small-
pox and other diseases.
Advices from Manzanillo. province of
Santiago de Cuba, show that numerous
parties of rebels belonging to ihe com
mands of Rabi and Jose Maceo, are con
centrating in the vicinity of that city.
Every precaution is being taken by the
Spanish commander there to prevent or
repulse an attack on that city.
TELEGRAPHIC DECISION.
Use of Official Vocabulary for Code Men-
sages Not Compulsory.
BTDA-PESTH, Hungary, June 19— The
International Telegraph Convention sit
ting here has taken up the question of the
compulsory use of the official vocabulary
for code messages. The resolutions of the
Sew York Chamber of Commerce and
otter bodies opposing the vocabulary were
duly -.resented by the representatives of
the Commercial Cable Company, and tbe
convention this morning decided that the
vocabulary shall not be made compulsory
and all future action was indefinitely post
poned.
TENLON PALLS IN FLAMES.
The Ontario Town Is Cut Off From
Communication.
TORONTO, Ontario, June 19.— A report
reached lure late to-night that a big fire
was raging at Fenlon Falls, Ontario, north
of this city, and that assistance from Peter
borough had been .asked for. Telegraph
and telephone communication are cut off
and no detail*-, can be learned. -:.
» t
I'riyhtetietl by an JCxplosion
BARCELONA, Spain. June 19.— A 'ci
rible explosion occurred hare a* 6 o'clock
this evening, and for a tiitje there, was a
panic in the city, the people imagining
that the anarchists had resumed their ne
farious work. Quiet was . restored, how
ever, when it was learned that the explo
sion had occurred in a factory devoted to
tne manufacture of explosives. .
THAT VENEZULAN INCIDENT.
Why the British Surveyors Were Driven
Back by the Troops— There Was
No Collision.
LONDON, Eng., June 19.— Daily
News claims to have authority to state in
connection with the latest reports regard
ing the trouble anent the Venezuelan-
British Guiana boundary dispute that the
Venezuelan troops were near the junction
of the Acarabist Creek with the Cuyni
River. Tftey observed a number of Brit
ish officials engaged in surveying a route
toward Barima. Believing that the Brit
ish were encroaching on Venezuelan terri
tory, the officer in command of the troops
asked the surveyors to turn back. The
officials, acting in consonance with their.
instructions, declined to do so and pro
ceeded with their surveying. They re
ferred the matter to the British Consular
acent. The protests were peaceful and
th 're wax no collision.
WASHINGTON. D. C, June 19.—Min
ister Andrade of Venezuela and the De
partment of State are still without advices
regarding the reported entrance of Vene
zuelan troops into the disputed territory
between Venezuela and British Guiana.
The latest advices received by Minister
Andrade announced the ratification of the
amendment to the constitution providing
for the adbption of the gold standard by
Venezuela.
TEN THOUSAND DROWNED.
Frightful Effects of the Earthquakes and
Tidal Wave in Japan's Northern
Provinces.
YOKOHAMA, Japan, June Addi
tional reports as to the loss of life in the
recent earthquakes and tidal wave in the
northern provinces of Japan show that 10,-
XX) persons were drowned by the tidal
wave which swept the shores.
DROPS DEAD AT TORONTO.
Hon. John Beverly Robinson Expires at
a Political Meeting.
TORONTO, Ontario, June Hon.
John Beverly Robinson. ex-Lieutenant-
Governor of Ontario, dropped dead on the
platform at Massey Music Hall to-night
while attending a big political meeting of
Sir Charles Tupper's supporters.
THE TRANSVAAL'S DEMAND
Cecil Rhodes, Alfred Beit and
Others Must Be Brought
to Trial.
Obliged to Press This Step On Eng-
land for the Safety of the
Republic.
CAPE TOWN, South Africa, June 19.—
The Secretary of State for the Transvaal
has telegraphed the British High Com
missioner here that, having in view the
welfare and peace of South Africa, the
Transvaal Government is convinced that
proofs in its possession, which are at the
disposal of Great Britain now, completely
justify and compel the bringing to trial of
Cecil Rhodes, Alfred Beit and Dr. Harris,
all of the Eritish South Africa Company,
and connected with the raid in the Trans
vaal.
The Secretary adds that the Transvaal
Government is obliged to press this step
on Great Britain, and also urges that all
control of the British Chartered South
Africa Company be transferred to Great
Britain.
Dr. Leyds, Secretary of State for the
Transvaal, has telegraphed to the acting
Governor of Cape Colony, asking him to
transmit to London the demand of the
Government of the Transvaal that Cecil
Rhodes and Alfred Beit, directors of the
British South Africa Company, be imme
diately brought to trial on charges similar
to those against Dr. Jameson and the
other leaders of the raid into the Trans
vaal.
Dr. Leyds expresses regret for the delay
on the part of the British Government of
an inquiry into the complicity of the
British South Africa Company in the raid
and asks that the entire control of the ter
ritory of the company be removed from
the hands of the company and transferred
to the British Government.
BULUWAYO STILL IN PERIL.
A Long War Anticipated Before the
Jtataheles Are Put Down.
LONDON, Eng., June 19.— A dispatch
from Buluwayo, the principal town of
Rhodesia, which was recently besieged by
Matabeles has been received at the Lon
don office of the Chartered Gold Fields
Company stating that the position is un
satisfactory and that there is likely to be
a long war before the rising of the Mata
beles is nut down. The dispatch adds that
work in the outlying districts cannot be
resumed until next year.
The Chronicle will to-morrow publish a
dispatch from Buluwayo saying that the
Cape mounted infantry has returned to
proceed to Mashonaland and that more
imperial troops have been ordered to pro
ceed from Mafeking to operate against the
Matabeles.
TO SELL A RAILROAD.
The Chicago and Northern Pacific Will
Shortly Be Disposed Of by Order
of the Court.
of the Court.
CHICAGO, 111., June 19.— A petition
CHICAGO, 111., June 19.— A petition
for a decree ordering the sale of the Chi
cago and Northern Pacific Railroad was
presented to Judge Jenkins in the United
States court to-day by the Farmers' Loan
and Trust Company. The foreclosing trus
tee, Simon Sterne of New York, appeared
for the holders of all bonds -except 683,
whose holders could not be found. Judge
Jenkins was assured that the petition was
"not designed to freeze out the smaller
bondholders. In determining the upset
price it was stated that the stock was
valued at 45 cents on the dollar by Wall
street men; which would make the prop
erty worth $13,000,000.
The road will be sold about October 1.
and the decree will be issued in a few days,
the court desiring time to examine the pe
tition and consult with Receiver Hopkins,
The upset price to be fixed by the court
will be $10,000,000. The judicial sale will
terminate the litigation which has sur
rounded the road, which was created by
the Northern Pacific magnates only for a
Chicago terminal. It was said the pur
chaser would be the reorganization com
mittee of the bondholders, controlling 95
per cent of the bonds.
FAST FREIGHT COLLISION.
A Tramp and Eighty-Five Head of Bogs
Killed in the Wreck.
FRIEND, Nebr., June 19.— Early this
morning the fast freight on the Burling
ton collided with a boxcar which had been
blown from the sidetrack on to the main
track. Seven cars were derailed and to
tally demolished. Three tramps were
riding in an empty car and one, F. Doane
of San Jose, Cal., was instantly ' killed.
Eighty-five head of hogs were killed.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JUNE 20, 1896.
PERISHES IN THE
RAGING FLAMES.
Mrs. Henry Johnson Loses
Her Life in an Early
Fire.
GOULD NOT BE SAVED.
Valiant Attempts Made by the
Distracted Husband at
Rescue.
AN OHIO - STHEET HORROR.
It Is Also Feared That a Family,
Now Missing, Also Met a
Sad Fate.
A fatal fire occurred at. 14 Ohio street,
between Pacific and Broadway, at 1 o'clock
this morning.
The building where the fire started is a
ramshackle frame affair, characteristic of
the district.
Henry Johnson, a street-sweeper, and
his wife occupied the upper flat, and when
the former was awakened the room was
full of flames.
He tried to get bis wife out of the win
dow, but she was a large woman, and
being so overcome by the smoke, she
was unable to assist him and he had to
let her fall back into the flames in order to
save himself.
As it was he was badly burned about the
hands and face.
The buildings were occupied by M
Poscari Faleri and B. Martinelli. The
loss is estimated at $2500, covered by in
surance, j
Angelo Figoni was badly burned about
his face and hands, and the lower portion
of his body was roasted almost to a crisp.
He was taken to the Receiving Hospital,
suffering great agony. It is supposed he
was asleep when the flames broke through
into the lodeing-bouse.
A family consisting of a mother and
three children who occupied a room in
tbe. second, story were missing at a late
hour and the other roomers in the house
feared they had been burned up.
FOILED THE ROBBER.
Receiver Faxton Refused to Give
Up the Car Company's
Cash.
Many Shots Fired in the Darkness at
Many Shots Fired in the Darkness at
an Oakland Railroad
Office.
OAKLAND, Cau, June 20.— 1:15
this morning a daring attempt was made to
rob Richard Faxton, the receiver of the
Alameda Car Company. Faxton was
counting the day's receipts in the of
fice near the Webster - street bridge
when a roughly ciressed man pushed a
pistol through the window and demanded
all the cash in sight. The receiver
reached for a gun, and the robber fired at
bim. The ' bullet missed the receiver,
but struck. the gas jet, extinguishing the
light. In the darkness Faxton fired half a
dozen shots, smashing, all the windows in
the place, but the robber escaped.
EQUINE STARS WILL BATTLE.
National Derby to Be Decided at St. Louis
To-Day— Ben Brush Will
Start.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., June 19.— The premier
event of the American turf will be brought
off to-morrow at the Fair Grounds track,
when the National Derby, guaranteed to
be worth $20,000, will be raced for by a
splendid field ol track aristocrats. .
Mike Dwyer arrived this morning with
his two cracks, Ben Brush and Ben Eder,
and Byron McClelland brought in Prince
Lief and Nimrod. Ben Brush and Prince
Lief are given top weights— l 27 pounds
each— while Don Carillo and Argentina
are burdened with only 119 and 117 re
spectively. All the others are imposed
112 pounds. ,"•
According to the handicappers, every
horse seems to have a chance, and the
betting will be lively.
It is thought Don Carillo is in too speedy
company, though he is a good finisher for
distance races. Captive, Byron McClel
land, Loki and Argentina are bunched as
possibilities, and some of the knowing
ones nod when Captive is mentioned.
The track was never faster than it is to
night, and a clear sKy promises fair
weather to-morrow.
•
HACHENBERGER A WONDER.
He Easily Defeated W. W. Hamilton, a
Veteran Bicycle Racer.
DENVER, Colo., June 19.— 0. B. Hach
enberger, a comparatively green bicycle
rider, wou the 25-mile race against
W. W. Hamilton, the hero of many road
and track races, upon the one-third-mile
track of the Denver Wheel Club to-day,
with apparent ease. Time, 1:07:17.
The one-mile professional paced race
was won by C. I. Himstreet in 2:071-5.
This is the fastest time ever made on a
track, paced by a single wheel. The other
events were a one mile novice, won by J.
H. Spencer, and an amateur two-mile" in
vitation, won by R. D. Gammon in 4:47 4-5.
y — ♦ ' ~ '
AMONG THE BALL-PLAYERS.
Scores of the Games Played in Eastern
Cities.
PITTSBURG, Pa., June Pittsburg took
the second game from St. Louis to-day by hit
ting Hart hard in the sixth inning. Killen
was very effective throughout. In the fifth
McFarland had his right thumb smashed uy a
foul. Score: Pittsburgs, 6, 10, 1; St. Lou
0, 2. Batteries— Killen and Sugden; Hart
and MeFarland. Umpire— Weidman.
CLEVELAND, Ohio June 19.— Griffiths had
the Spiders at his , mercy, while Chicago
bunched their hits on Wallace and won the
game In a walk. Score: 'Jlevelnnds, 3,7,4;
Chicagos, 8, 16, 1. Batteries— ana
O'Connor; Griffith i and Kittredge. Umpire
Lynch.
. BALTIMORE, Md, June Lucid lost his
speed alter the lourth inning and the home
team batted out • a victory. ' Score: Balti
mores,9. 14, 1; Fhiladelphias, 4, 8, 4. Bat
teries—Pond and Clark Lucid and Grady.
Umpire— Hurst.
. NEW YORK, N. V., June 19.— Tho Brooklyns
won another pitcher's battle from the New
Yorks to-day in the presence of 5000 persons.
Daub was injured by a batted ball
in the fourth inning and Payne
who suecceded him was very effective
with men on bases. Score: New Yorks. '2, 7, 0;
Brooklyns, 3, 6, 0. Batteries— Sullivan and
Wilson ; Daub and Burrill. Umpire— Hender
son. - y ■...-■■.■.■■.•
BOSTON, Mass., June 19.— Maul's pitching
and the fine hitting of the Washingtons beat
the Bostons to-day. Bannon and Brown gave
a great display of outfieldlng. Score: Bostons,
4, 10, 0; Washingtons, 8, 10, 1. Batteries—
Stivetts and Ganzell ; Maul and McGuire. Um
pire— Emslie.
No game between Cincinnati and Louisville.
RACES AT PORTLAND.
A Favorite Left at the Post and a 30 to 1
Shot Wins.
PORTLAND, Or., June 19.— Results at
Irvington to-day:
2:17 trot, Caryle Came won, Phalmont
Boy second. Time, 2:20^.
Five furlongs, Hallelujah won, Miss
Heppner second. Time, I:O4J^.
Five furlongs, La France won, Hattie D
second. Time, 1:02.
Six iurlongs, Joe Cotton won, Indymion
second. Time, 1:17^- In this race the
favorite, Minnie, was left at the post, and
pools paid 30 to L
CORRETT AND FITZSIMMONS.
It Is Announced That They Will Fight
Sear Paris or Monaco.
LONDON, Eng., June 19.— Paris
correspondent of the Daily Mail telegraphs
that Corbett and Fitzsimmons will fight
near Paris or Monaco. Manager Brady is
very mysterious as to the battleground,
but says a fight is probable.
'Won by the Satanita.
QUEENSTOWN, Ireland, June 19.— 1n
the race for large raters in the Royal Cork
Yacht Club regatta to-day the Satanita
was the winner, Ailsa second and Britannia
third. "-.:-
McKINLEY MAY COME.
The Popular Republican Candi-
date May Head the Car-
nival.
Miss Little of Operatic Fame Will
Also Contribute to the Success
of the Great Event.
General Warfield, president of the ex
ecutive committee of the Carnival of the
Golden Gate, bad a telegram yesterday
afternoon from Colonel George Stone, who
was one of the delegates to the St. Louis
convention, announcing that he had a
conversation with Mark Hanna, the man
ager of McKinley's campaign, regarding a
possible visit of the Presidential candidate
to California this year.
Before Colonel Stone left, the matter of
j inviting the Presidential candidates of
| both the Republican and Democratic
j parties to this coast during October was
MISS HENRIETTA LITTLE.
considered. Many considerations were
involved, and it was finally decided tbat
an invitation should be extended. In his
telegram Colonel Stone says: "Hanna
considers proposition a good one, and will
endeavor to accept on behalf of x Mc-
Kinley."
As Colonel Stone has already left St.
Louis for home, nothing lurther as to the
details of the proposed visit will be known
until his arrival.
The committee on theatrical benefits,
consisting of Oscar Boldemann, David
Rich and I. L. Rosenthal, visited a num
ber of theatrical managers on Thursday
night and yesterday afternoon, and , re
ceived encouraging promises of assistance
from all parties. The dates for the benefits
will be announced at a meeting of the
executive committee on Monday after
noon. ,/* . .;■
Miss Henrietta Little, a young lady of
this City who recently made her debut . on
the operatic stage in Italy, has written
from New York to friends here that she
will give a concert for the benefit of the
carnival on her arrival. Miss Little is a
graduate of the Girls' High School and
also attended a number of local private
schools. She intended visiting San Fran-,
cisco for rest and recreation before engag
ing on a European grand opera tour, but
learning of the carnival while in New York
volunteered her services, which will be the
only occasion on which she will appear.
Miss Lit was a pupil of the late Karl
Formes and possesses a rich boprano voice
of great range and" compass. She created
quite a furor in Milan on the occasion of
her debut, and the Italian journals devoted
to -musical.;, affairs speak, in the highest
terms of her vocal abilities. , -.■::■ „
* Miss Louise O'Brien of Stocuton has
sent in a design for the carnival badges
and stationery. Her ideas embody a view
of; the Golden Gate and bay of Sail Fran
cisco, with vessels of all classes floating on
the waters. Over all, two figures repre
senting peace and plenty are floating in the
sky, and ' underneath the picture , Miss
O'Brien suggests the words,"Peace and
plenty reign inside the Golden Gate."
Lamed : Beaten by Mahoney.
LIVERPOOL, Eng., June 19.— the
final game of the lawn tennis tournament
to-day H. F. Mahoney of Dublin, after a
splendid contest, beat W. A. Lamed, the
American player, by a score of 3—6,2—6.
6— 8— 6-3. ';...•.
A few drops of tincture of bezoin' in a
bowl of water is an admirable tonic for the
face. The benzoin whitens the ssin and
prevents it from wrinkling.
TREY OBJECT TO
THE REAR DOOR.
The Labor Council Cen
sures the Labor
Bureau. ,
IT IS NOT DEMOCRATIC.
Bslieve the Workingmen Should
Have the Sam* Rights
as Employers.
CARPENTERS ELECT OFFICERS.
__________
Six Shinglers Are Suspended for
Six Shinglers Are Suspended for
Working for Less Than
Union Rates
At the meeting of the Labor Council
last evening a resolution was submitted
by T. F. Burns censuring the present
method in vogue at the Labor Bureau of
compelling applicants for . positions to
enter by the rear door, while employers
are permitted to go in through the front
entrance on Suiter street.. The resolution
was adopted and the secretary instructed
to forward a copy to Governor Budd to
call his attention to the matter.
Mr. Burns said : "I believe there is some
thing radically wrong in the bureau in
this regard." , XS r~;.
The resolutions state that . the council
unequivocally condemns the practice as be
ing undemocratic Yy'Yy YYY Yy-y
A communication was received from the
International Bakers' and Confectioners'
Union, Brooklyn, N. V., askine that the
"Bakers' Union No. 51, now a member of
the San Francisco Labor Council, be sus
pended from that body until "they signify
their willingness to reaffiliate with the in
ternational , organization." The letter
states that this matter was called
to their notice by. Union 24 of
this City, which had been ordered tc
join the council, but stated their inability
to do so while No. 51, already suspended
from the International Bakers, was al
lowed within the ranks of the council.
The letter referred the council to the pro
vision of the A. F. of L. prohibiting a
council from admitting local unions al
ready withdrawn from local central bodies.
This matter was referred to the execu
tive committee. YY" :\Y::
Carpenters' Union No. 22 held an elec
tion of officers last evening for the ensuing
year. The following were elected:
President, Harry M. Saunders; vice-presi-
dent, C. W. Page; recording secretary, C. An
derson; financial secretary, N. L. Warndell;
treasurer, P. Connor; conductor, IV. J. Cole
man; warden, M. 0, "VV&trousr trustee, P. M.
Leonard.
Auditors— \V. F. Baily. R. Irvine, O. E. Finck.
Peleeates to the District Council— James Cor
nell, W. F. Bally, C. \V. Page, C. Jackson. R.
Irvine, John Bcrsliaw, - W. • E. Smith, F. M.
Thompson." -,■■ V- *
• Delegates to the Building Trades Council— J.
E. McVicker, Henry Meyer, C. W. page.
Six men were suspended from the
Shinglers' Union last night, because of lay
ing shingles and doing carpentering work
at non-union rates on the Pacific- street
wharf. *..-■■ ' <
. The following, officers were elected for
the year: H. C. Thompson, president;
E.E. Anderson, vice-president; L. B.
Snow, recording secretary; George Barker,
financial secretary; E. J. Davis, treasurer;
William Garney, sergeant-at-arms.
The Central Trades ancLLabor Alliance
met at 102 O'Farrell street last evening.
P. R. Martin presided .and Theodore
Lynch officiated as secretary.. ' -
Reports of the various' unions were re
ceived and filed.'. Bakers' Union No. 24 re
ported the adoption of the constitution of
the Socialist Trades and Labor Alliance of
the United States and' Canada and its in
dorsement of the Parrott boycott.
: The Fraternity of Hotel and Restaurant
Employes reported a similar indorsement
of the constitution of the Socialist Trades
and Labor Alliance. .'■'"*"'
The following resolution of sympathy
with the strikintr Columbia River fisher
men was passed and a copy ordered sent
to the •executive board of the Astoria
Fishermen's Union: .'-
Rerolved, That we view with a feeling of In
dignation, the latest; attempt -of '. a pluto
cratic Government in the interest of
their capitalistic masters by the pres
ence and use -of State trooos to intimi
date and prevent a peaceful .'adjustment of
the just claims of the fishermen In the port of
Astoria and adjoining vicinity, and that we
deprecate such interference on the part of tne
Governor, and tender our best ' wishes and
moral sympathy to the toilers of tne sea, the
members of the -Fishermen's Union, in their
strugglo for right and justice to their industry,
and hope to see their efforts crowned with the
success they, are entitled to ; as wealth-pro
ducers and wage-earner?, ■-;,'
The Alliance will hold a special busi
ness meeting on Friday evening, June 26,
in the same hall, 102 O Farrell street.
The Liberty Branch of the Socialist La
bor party y passed :a resolution requesting
the central; committee to open a natural
ization bureau,** the opinion prevailing that
the two great parties should not assume
entire - control ;of :, the naturalization of
voters. Y. "• •' '. •"•
The Parrott boycott was : declared un
TH_! EMPORIUM.
Three Flags Up To-day That means a Concert at 8 P. M. hy
EtMPORIUM Orchestra, under the direction of Mr. J. Marqnardt.
Fine Candy in Un boxes for country shipment, just as fresh when it reaches desti-
nation as when it leaves the store. It is the 50c kind at 35c a pound. No extra
charge for boxes. Can be sent by mail or express. You pay transportation charges.
S<AN FRANCISCO, JU&CE2O, 1896.
SPECIAL SATURDAY SALES.
OPEN FOR BUSINESS TONIGHT.
Program— Saturday, June 20th, !
8 P. M.
PART I.
1. (March, "Marceau" Tlise
2. Overture, "La Muette de Tor- ■
tici" Auher
3. Walt?, " Mv Dream". ...Waldteufel
4. Polka, "Singer' Joy" Strauss
5. Tr elude, "Siciliano and Inter-
me??o," from "Cavalleria *
Rusticana" Mascagni
6. "tAn Expedition to Jifrica" ...Kling
TARTU.
7. Overture, "Mignon" Thomas
8. Walt?, "In Realm of Friend-
shipl' ...........; Faust
9. "La Tpgana'' ......Ganne
10. Selection from "Erminie"
.Jakobowsky
it. "tAround the Metropolis" .....Beyer
12. "Hungarian Dances" Brahms
Veilings, Neckwear,
Ribbons, Handkerchiefs.
Veiling at 5c a Yard.
2000 yards of All-silk Chenille Dot
Veilings, grays, tans, browns, blues,
pink, cardinal, etc. Real value 25c a
yard.
Veils 22c Each.
17 dozen Made-up Veils, Chenille
Dots with lace edge. This style of
Veil has always been 50c.
Veiling 24c a Yard.
65 Different Styles in Black Tux-
edo Chenille Dot Veiling, all the ex-
treme new styles, full 17 inches wide,
at the low price of 24c a yard.
. Novelty Veils 65c Each.
38 dozen Cream Wash Veils with
Chantilly or applique borders. Regu-
lar at $1 each.
NOTE— New arrivals every week
of the latest Parisian Novelties in
Border, Chenille Dot and Tuxedo
Veils at all prices.
Pleated Neck Ruches 98c Each.
A choice line of Chiffon and Net
Ruches with lace edges, so very
much in demand at the present time.
Our special price is 98c, $1.38 and
$1.68.
Real Ostrich Boas $3.85.
A large assortment of Real Ostrich
Feather Boas, black, pink, light blue
and cream, all lengths, prices from
53. 85 to $15 each.
Ladies' Silk Windsor Scarfs 12c.
A splendid line in all colors at half
what you have been accustomed to
paying.
Extra Silk Windsor Scarfs 24c.
A Special Quality of All-silk Wind-
sor Scarfs, extra wide, hemstitched,
plaids or plain colors.
Handkerchiefs.
85 dozen Scalloped, Embroidered
Swiss Lawn Handkerchiefs. These
are in exceedingly, pretty patterns
and would be a good value at 15c.
Our special price to-day- ioc each
45c Ribbons 18c a Yard.
Strong-priced doings at the Rib-
bon Counter to-day.
385 pieces of Wide, Fancy, All-
silk Ribbons — Dresdens, Striped,
Plaids, Checks— th« kinds you or-
dinarily pay 35c to 45c the yard for.
On sale to-day at 18c a yard
Notion Department.
Ladies' Leather Belts, brown or
black. 23:
Black Silk Belts, gilt buckles.... 23c
Good Quality White Pearl But-
tons/all sizes, the usual ioc,
3 for 25c kind 5c a doz
Beauty Pin Book, black and
white mixed 5c
Silk Embroidered Lisle Elastic
Frilling, 12 i-2c value...6c a yard
Cabinet Hairpins 4c a box
Japanese Hairpins ie a package
Stockinet Arm Shields, good
quality 5c a pair
Ever-ready Cloth Covered Cor-
set Steels 5c a pair. |
A Twentieth A _*_£___ Address ail Mail Order
.r. -__^y-wi-_V Communications " Mail
Century °rder department."
Market Street,
Market Street,
4*m^^ San Francisco, CaL
socialistic. The discussion on this head
was spirited. .
A committee was appointed to select
grounds for a picnic, to be held in about
six weeks. Lands End is the choice of the
Liberty Branch members and if arrange
ments can be made the picnic will prob
ably be held there.
LOS ANGELES TRAGEDY.
Ed White, a Railroad Man, Mysteriously
Shot and Killed.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., June 19.—
White, a railroad man, was shot to-night
by an unknown person and expired ten
minutes after tie was found.
Shortly before midnight the police were
notified that a man had been shot on
North - Alameda street close to Naud's
warehouse YY'YYY
The patrol wagon was hurried to the
scene and White was found lying un
conscious in a pool of blood. A large hole
in the leftside, just below and back of the
heart, showed where the bullet had en
tered, while on the right side was
another hole through which the ball had
escaped. , White was hurried to the Re
ceiving Hospital, but died in a short
while. ■ . -
'Neither the identity of the murderer nor
any cause for the crime can be learned
now. A. Davis says that he was passing
along Alameda street and saw a woman
Whose hair was badly disheveled being led
from the warehouse by two men. One of
the, men told her to come along, as they
did not want to get mixed up in the fight.
Whether White was killed on account of a
woman or in a fight is unknown.
EASTTERN RACE RESULTS.
List of Horses That -Earned Their Oats
yenterday. . ._
'(CINCINNATI, Ohio, June Oakley re-
suits : Four and a half furlongs, Oak Leaf won,
John McElroy second, Argonaut third. Time,
:55',. '".■•:•. ■ i • "'. . "
Six furlongs, Prince Imperial won, Cyclone
second," Judith third. Time, I:l3J_.
'■•:* Five and a naif furlongs, White Frost won,
.«Sess«i»4aiK«BHe*~Ssftipr*_-: 'as—cs*^ ?*&&i± J*ra_*_t-ojL~^-*ii_«___. * .
I THE EMPORIUM.'
Bargains for We have pre-
H____9 T^ a-.- pared for another
BOyS I O-day. stirring Saturday
in the Clothing Department We
are going to fit out a whole lot of
boys to-day in the best and lowest
priced clothing that parents have
ever been able to get for them. Bring
'em in. All of them between the
ages of 4 and 19 years.
/mt. ir\\
t'li (if J)
Don't shop around for "long pants"
Don't shop around for "long pants"
suits for boys 13 to 19 years of age.
Save time and money by coming
direct to the EMPORIUM.
Nearly 300 All-wool Tweed Suits,
single or double breasted, in black or
gray, tan and brown mixtures, reli-
able in fit, material and make, re-
duced from $7 50 for this Special
Sale to $4 95»
/"""Tv Short
« Short
Pants
jT J Suits,
\A. $3.95.
yCyJ^7\ Boys' All-
j\ y^r 1 \ wool Che-
J f f°^\ viot Combi-
/ I "A- nation Suits
— brown,
gray and
fJ^'T? and'
V l. [ D*> <*> u_T tan, colors
\ • / that don't
\■» / t 1 urn l show the
_• _ VI
IJi 1 1 I" dirt, with
[.J I A extra pants
\ j\ and cap, in
. «_J V- a" sizes
' J X] from 4to 14
/ \ ] years of age,
w V] an excep-
7 j PA tional value
\\ at $5, re-
v) duced for
this Special Sale to $3 95 a suit.
Men's Furnishing Specials.
For Three Days
Men's Outing Shirts 45 Cents.
2?o dozen Men's Fine Quality
Self-figured Flannelette and Black
Sateen Outing Shirts, carefully made
with felled seams, - pointed yoke
pocket, pearl buttons, etc.
Men's Outing Shirts $1.00.
. 125 dozen Men's Un laundered Out-
ing Shirts, imported fancy striped
Madras, Oxford Cheviot and Bed-
ford Cords, custom made, regular
value $1 25, special price for three
days $1.
Men's Nightshirts 45 Cents. .
75 dozen Men's Nightshirts, em-
broidered or plain, good quality, 52
inches long, cut full in body, regular
value 75c, special price for three
days 45c.
French Percale Shirts 65 Cents*
French Percale Shirts 65 Cents*
Special for Saturday and Monday
only, 150 dozen Men's French Per-
cale Shirts, white bodies, never sold
for less than $1, for these two days
only 65c.
Charina second, Lady Roster third. Timei
1 :08?,.
Seven furlongs, Susie B won. The Merchant
second, Lucy Lee third. Time, I :26}<_.
One mile and fifty yards, Howard Mann won,
Rey Del Mar second, Aimee Goodwin third.
Time, 1:44',.
NEW YORK, N. V., June Results at
Gravesend: Five and a half furlongs. Divide
won, King's Counsel second, Edna D third.
Time, 1:09*4. .
One and a sixteenth miles, Hamilton II won,
Volley second, Patrol third. Time, 1:51.
One mile. Patrician won, Ferrier second,
Aurelian third. Time, 1 :43
Five furlongs, Wine.-d Foot won, Euphemia
L second, Flying Squadron third. Time, 1:02%
Six furlongs, Zanonc won, The Swain second,
Buckwa third. Time. 1:14%.
One and a sixteenth miles, Roundsman won,
Rubicon second, Harmony II third. Time,
1:50 V.
CHICAGO, 111., June 19.— Results at For
syth: Six and a half furlongs, King Henry
won, Fakir second, Rachel McAllister third.
Time, 1:93&
Four and a half furlongs, Mrs. Murray won,
Brescia second, Lottie Wimmer third. Time,
:55^.
One mile, Pert won, Dr. G second, Unity
third. Time, 1:41. . .
.Six furlongs, Simmons won, Rubberneck sec
ond, imp. Full Measure third. Time, 1:14 V.
Six and a half furlongs, Bar Guard won, Alto
June second, Dr. Park third. Time, 1:24.
One mile, Revenue won. Eloroy second.
Hartford Boy third. Time, I:44J<.
ST. LOUIS. Mo., June 19.— Resuas: Six fur
longs, Woodlake won, Volma second, Bertrand
third. Time, 1:16;.**;. *
Five furlongs, Dr. Walmsley won, Aquinas
second, Horse Shoe - Tobacco third. Time.
1 :0_%. _■-.•:
Six mrlongs, Fred Foster won, Ferris Hart
man second, Utopia third. Time, 1:15.
Mile and seventy yards, Sunburst won,
Brldgeton second, Cherrystone third. Time,
1:46^. . *
Six turlongs. Sligo won, David second. Dorah
Wood third. Time, 1:14.
Seven and a half furlongs, Goodwin II won,
Braw Scot second, Clnswell third. Time, 1:35.
American Marksmen. Win Prizes.
LONDON, Eng., June 19.— A pigeon
shooting ma'ch took place under the
auspices of the London Gun Club yester
day. , Among the intending competitors
in the coming international reunion shoots
who took part were the American marks
men, George Wort and Yale Dolan, both
of whom took first prizes.
56
fsht __ <_Mi
_______ Z-
• CHARLES MY SHORTRIDGE,
CHARLES M. SMOKTRIDOE,
Editor and Proprietor.
SUBSCRIPTION RATES-Postage Free:
Dally and Sunday Ca__, one week, by carrier.. $0.15
Daily find Sunday Call, one year, by mall .... 6.00
Dally and Sunday Call, six months, by mall.. 8.00
, Dally and Sunday Cal*-, three months by mail 1.50
Dally and Sunday Call, one month, by mail.. .65
Bunriay Call, one year, by mail LEO
Viuklv Call, one year, by mall >. 1.50
THE SUMMER MONTHS.
Are you going to the country on a vacation? If
to, It Is no trouble for us to forward THE CAL- to
your address. Do not let lt miss you for you will
miss it. Order* given to the carrier or left at
Business Office will receive prompt attention.
NO EXTKA CHARGE.
BUSINESS OFFICE:
710 Market Street,
Ban Francisco, California.
T«l«pbe_e ; Maln-1868
EDITORIAL ROOMS:
EDITORIAL ROOMS:
617 Clay Street.
Telephone Main-1874
BRANCH OFFICES:
530 Montgomery btreet, corner Clay; open until
9:30 o'clock.
339 Hayes street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
713 Lark. street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
t-W . corner Sixteenth and Mission streets; open
nntil 9 o'clock.
2518 Mission street: open until 9 o'clock.
113 Moth street; open until 9 o'clock.
OAKLAND OFFICE:
908 Broadway.
EASTERN OFFICE:
Booms 31 and 82, 34 Park l;ow, New York City.
DAVID M. FOLTZ, Special Agent.
SATURDAY JUNE2O.JB96
THE CALL SPEAKS FOR ALL.
PATRIOTISM, PROTECTION
and PROSPERITY.
FOE PRESIDENT-^
WILLIAM McKINLEY, of Ohio
FOR VICE-PRESIDENT-
GARRETT A. HOBART, of New Jersey
ELECTION NOVEMBER 3, 1896.
Now for the ratification.
Everybody wants prosperity.
Attend the mass-meeting to-night.
McKinley, Hobart and prosperity is the
cry.
The St. Louis ticket is the ticket of the
The St. Louis ticket is the ticket of the
people. ■
Don't forcet to leave orders to-day for
The SrxoAY Call.
McKinley was nominated on Waterloo
day, but it was an Austerlitz for him.
Now is the time for California to pledge
herself to patriotism, protection and pros
perity.
International bimetallism will not be a
forlorn hope if this country works for it
with vim and vigor.
McKinley and protection — the man and
the measure — suit one another as well as
both suit the country. .
McKinley stands for the industries of
California, and all who would promote
those industries will stand for him.
This time we take the tariff out of poli
tics and make protection the permanently
..established policy of the American people.
If there is any trusting to signs tbe
Democratic Convention at Chicago will
be like that at Sacramento, only more so.
Join in the grand demonstration this
evening of a deathless loyalty to all that is
truly American and a patriotism eternal
as the stars.
Republican prosperity will soon be re
established and all the evils of Demo
cratic days will seem no more than a
hideous phantom and a horrid dream.
When stalwart silver men find that leav
ing the Republican party means associa
tion with Democrats or Populists they
will return to their old friends and be for
given.
Instead of trying to take the tariff out
of politics all good citizens should unite
with the Republicans to establish a pro
* tective system and then proceed to kick
the would-be tinkers out of politics.
The common-sense of the people has de
cided to settle the tariff question in this
campaign and let the financial issue wait
until industry has revived and there are
once more wages and work for all who
need them.
Remember, The Call publishes Tbe
"United Press dispatches, in which there
are no fakes. You may not read so many
sensations in The Call as in the Associ
ated Press papers, but what you read you
can count on.
One of the advantages of the Eastern
summer climate is the inducement it offers
to men to undertake Arctic explorations.
After an experience of a year with it Lieu
tenant Peary has decided to make another
trip to Greenland at once.
The Dunkards of Pennsylvania have
declared against the use of bicycles on the
ground: "That which is highly esteemed
among men is abomination in the sight
of the Lord." The text may hit the
wheel, but it spares the scorcher.
Fifteen Republican State conventions,
as well as the National Convention, de
clarged for some form of protection for
American ships engaged in the foreign
carrying trade, and it goes without saying
the next administration will provide it. *
There were many eloquent speeches at
the St. Louis convention and there will be
many more during the campaign, but
none will be more potent than that of the
workingman's wife as she urges him to
vote this time for the welfare of bis home.
Chicago is taking but little interest in
the Democratic National Convention and
seems to be devoting all her political en
ergies to the enterprise of getting the Na
tional committees of all parties to estab
blish their headquarters within her bor
ders.
The Call of yesterday contained more
political information concerning the Re-*
publican party than can be found else
where in many volumes, and all who are
interested in political history should not
only read it, but preserve it for future
reference.
• Under a Republican administration the
veteran of the war for the Union will be
honored and the widows and orphans of
his dead comrades remembered. The
party of patriotism will never be false to
the men who gave us a Republic' that
patriots can be proud of.
THE MEETINGS TO-NIGHT.
With the rallying cry of "patriotism.
protection and prosperity" the people of
California will meet to-night to ratify the
work of the St, Louis convention and ex
press with enthusiasm their approval of
the nominations of McKinley and Hobart
for President and Vice-President of the
United States. It will be in name a Re
publican rally. It will be in form the
demonstration of a political party. In
spirit and in sentiment, however, it will
be the uprising of the people, the union of
labor and capital, the combination of in
telligent men of all trades, industries, in
terests and enterprises, joining together
with one accord to pledge themselves to
the welfare of America and the welfare of
the home, and to greet with exultant ac
clamations the names of the statesmen
who stand for America against the world.
It is right and fitting that these ratifica
tion meetings throughout the State should
be attended by all business men and by all
workingmen, no matter what their former
party affiliations may have been. The
platform adopted at St. Louis calls for the
protection and promotion of the welfare of
all sections of the Union and of all the in
dustries of its people. Every man who
has felt the suffering and undergone the
losses inflicted upon the people during the
wretched years of Democratic administra
tion should unite in this manifestation of
popular rejoicing over the nomination of a
man who stands for everything opposed to
Clevelandism — in favor of everything that
is summed up in the word Americanism.
The St. Louis platform and the St. Louis
candidates, as said Senator Thurston, are
pledged to "a deathless loyalty to all that
is truly American and a patriotism as
eternal as the stars." No fair-minded
man can read the platform or study the
characters and the records of the candi
dates without feeling conscious of the
truth of that statement. The grand old
party that freed the slave, saved the
Union, established prosperity, protected
Industry, fostered enterprise, reduced the
public debt and lightened the burden of
taxation upon the people, never was more
fitly led and never more firmly and wisely
met the emergencies of the Republic than
at this time. It well deserves the honor of
every loyal citizen and the support of
every man who desires a return of pros
perity to the homes and firesides of the
people.
The ratification meetings to-night should
be great popular demonstrations. The
Republican party will extend a cordial
welcome to its ranks to all Democrats or
Populists who have profited by the dis
astrous experience of the last four years
and now see the necessity of establishing
the protective system firmly upon the
statute-books of the Nation before we un
dertake to deal with any other political
problem whatever. The home comes first
and the home is destroyed when the in
dustries and the wa^es that maintain it
are destroyed. This truth is now known
to the American people and they will be
false to themselves if they are false to it.
Come forth, therefore, men of every in
dustry and of every interest; men who
represent every form of American home
from the mansion to the cottage, come
forth and unite in the meeting which rati
fies the nomination of men whose every
political aspiration is the establishment of
prosperity in the American home. Make
the assembly a true expression of the
popular will. ' Make it a rebuke to De
mocracy and to Populism, a condemna
tion of Cleveland and free trade, an up
holding of American manhood against
pauper labor, an assertion that the Ameri
can Goverume it shall stand for American
industries, and an unmistakable proof
that the American people are united on the
broadly National platform of "patriotism,
protection and prosperity."
A PARTY WITH ONE IDEA.
While the echo of the first shouts of the
people's approval of the work of the St.
Louis convention still lingers upon the
ear the Democracy sends out its carefully
prepared counteracting war cry, but
which does not counteract — "McKinley is
a man witb but one idea; the idea of pro
tection."
In its blind stupidity the Democratic
party has coined a sentence in derision
that will be taken up by the people as the
cry to arms in defense of the very "prin
ciple to establish which there was in
augurated a war which culminated in a
declaration of American independence. It
was the "idea of protection" that kept
aglow the ikes of the spirit of right, of
justice and freedom, and which moved
the people to make July 4, 1776, the be
ginning of a new cycle in the onward and
upward advance of humanity. Washing
ton and his confraternity of human
rights defenders were inspired by but the
"one idea" of "protection" against what
ever was calculated to hold the colonies
subservient to foreign nations. What the
Democracy has invented to belittle the
Republican party's leader will return to it
as the boomerang returns to the thrower.
Just euch a campaign enthusiasm-begetter
was needed, and the Republican party
thanks the Democracy for it.
Yes, Mr. McKinley as candidate of the
Republican party for President stands but
for one idea, whichis protection or Ameri
canism. Since March, 1393, the people
have been growing in the belief that there
is too much foreignism and not enough
Americanism in the conduct of the affairs
of the Nation, and, like McKinley, they
have but one "idea" about the matter, and
that is to reverse the order of things and
have more Americanism and less— a good
deal less — foreignism. Mr. McKinley's idea
is that when our people are so deprived of
protection against the invasion of their
enemies that every present and future
prospect of advancement is in the clutches
of discouragement, the time bas come for
every true citizen of the United States to
have but one idea— the idea that all dis
couraging prospects for the American to
gather for himself thtj fruit of bis labor
should be turned into positive assurances
that what is his is his, with the further
assurance that he shall be protected in his
effort to add to that which is already his
by right of his own industry.
Not only Mr. McKinley. but every other
good Republican, has but "one idea— the
idea of protection." But the definition of
"protection," as Republicans define it. in
cludes everything that is calculated to
protect our people against whatever threat
ens to retard them in their social, political
or commercial advancement. Therefore,
when a Republican talks about "protec
tion," he means by it the adoption of any
policy and the employment of any means
that promise good to the citizen of high
and low degree. Protection does not mean
high custom-bouse charges merely, but it
means a watchful eye upon every avenue
by which harm could reach the machinery
of the individual, and the Nation's pur
pose to go from strength to strength in all
the ways to better conditions for the enjoy
ment of life, liberty and the harvest of
one's own honest effort. '
The McKinley "one idea" stands for
true Americanism in all its ramifications,
and hence it includes everything that the
spirit and letter of the Declaration of In
dependence promises to the citizen of the
United States. It would not mean more
THE SAN FRANCISCO y CA__i_, ATTJRD A ; JUNE 20, 1896.
nor less to say the "Declaration of Inde
pendence" instead of "Protection," nor is
either susceptible of being' twisted into
more than "one idea" of purpose. Pro
tection, as the Republican party under
stands the definition of the word to be,
means — first, to eive all the encourage
ment possible to every American citizen
to better his condition of living, and to do
that in the most effective way a reciprocity
of interests is established to the end that
each member of the family of American
sovereigns shall secure his just proportion
of the general "wealth increases of the
country; and second, to protect his prop
erty acquisitions against the attacks of
outsiders, who would not only deprive
him of what he has already accumulated,
but deny him the right of life, liberty and
the pursuit of happiness. The Democracy
is right. Mr. McKinley and the Repub
lican party have but "one idea — the idea
of protection" to everything that true
Americanism stands for.
LET CAPITAL GO TO WORK.
The election of Mr. McKinley is suffi
ciently assured to warrant capital in going
out into all the fields of employment.
There are hundreds of millions of dollars
that have earned no income for three
years; but there have been many good
reasons for capital to hesitate to venture
into the activities of the business world
since the control of the Government passed
to the hands of the Democracy.
There has been more or less uncertainty
all the time, besides nearly all capital that
was caught in industrial and agricultural
enterprises when the tariff act of 1890 was
repealed has fared badly. But now that
it is only a question of a few months when
an administration friendly to the indus
tries and markets of the country will direct
the affairs of the Nation, together with
the further fact that Cleveland is power
less to inflict any further damage to busi
ness enterprises, there should be no hesi
tation on the part of capital.
It is safe enough to go into the sheep
raising industry, agricultural employment
or any one of the various merchandise
manufacturing enterprises. It is true that
capital would not meet with much en
couragement or secure very satisfactory
results for a while, but it must be remem
bered that it will take a little time to
clear the highways of the debris that
the present administration has strewn
along them. We certainly shall estab
lish reciprocal relations with the
Latin American states and with other
countries, too, no doubt, and capital
would run no risk in making preparations
for that event. 'fin-plate factories will
multiply as soon as they are protected
against the Welsh intruders, but there is
no reason why capital should wait until
the actual repeal of the Wilson-Gorman
act is effected, for it will be wiped out by
the time any new establishments could be
made ready to supply the tin-plate de
mand.
A change in the policy of the Govern
ment in the interest of home industries
and home labor is as certain as could be,
and capital should anticipate coming
opportunities for profitable and safe em
ployment by taking time by the forelock,
so to speak. Right here in San Francisco
capital should be looking about to build
shipyards, for the building of a merchant
marine is sure to follow close on the heels
of Mr. McKinley's inauguration.
Investment in iron works from furnace
to mills to turn out finished products
would prove remunerative, as would
woolen and other fabric factories. In
short, there is not a line of industry that
is not now safe for capital to enter. If
there was any uncertainty as to the out
come of the present political contest there
would be reason for capital to hold back,
but there is no risk at all on that score,
unless the majority of the people of the
United States should go daft before the
ides of November.
HIGH ART.
The picture of William McKinley in yes
terday's Call is the summit of newspaper
portraiture. As a work of high art it has
never been equaled on the Pacific Coast,
and never b3en excelled anywhere; be
sides, as a likeness of the original, the pic
ture is faultless.
A member of Thb Call's art department
was dispatched to Canton, Mr. McKinley's
home, for the express purpose of obtaining
an exact' likeness of the next President,
and Mr. McKinley kindly gave a Bitting.
When tne portrait was finished, the family
and friends of Mr. McKinley pronounced
it a perfect likeness, and Mr. McKinley
indorsed their opinion by affixing his own
signature to the drawing, for it was a pen
and ink portrait from life.
The difference between a portrait
sketched from life, as this one was, and
one taken by the camera* is marked, as may
be seen by comparison. It will be seen
that The Call's portrait of Mr. McKinley
leaves the lines and facial expression as
they are naturally, thus depicting in ac
curate delineation his character, as ex
pressed in his face, to the life. The Call's
readers would do well to preserve this
most accurate likeness of the next Presi
dent.
THE SUNDAY CALL.
The California bathing girl Is the one
that really gets wet when she dons her
pretty bathing suit. In many parts of
Europe and in the Eastern States it is
fashionable to parade tbe beach in full cos
tumeor absence of it — never wetting
more than the soles of the feet, or possibly
the ankles. The California bathing girl's
costume is none the less chic and modish,
yet it is made to withstand the effects of
extreme moisture. Aside from her prone
ness to get wet, the California bathing girl
has many other distinctive qualities and
graces, some of which have been set forth
io verse by The Call's poet and beauti
fully illustrated by one of The Call's
artists. "The California Bathing Girl," as
treated in The Sunday Call, will be en
joyed as a unique and striking feature of
these latter days of journalism. And be
sides being beautiful and shapely and
fashionably attired, she is still modest.
She and her costumes are given a page in
to-morrow's issue.
There are many other pages, remember.
And every one of these additional pages
contains its own particular bright and at
tractive feature or features, many of which
are decidedly novel, and all of which are
new, entertaining and interesting to all
kinds of readers.
Never before in the history of our coun
try did the welfare of the whole people
depend so much upon a single party as at
this juncture. He who, deserts the Re
publican party now is false to the welfare
of every interest, industry and home in
the Republic.
General Maceo doesn't care so much for
American recognition as for more men
and more arms. In other words, if we
will let the filibustering ships go free ha is
willing for us to look the other way.
The Republican party has an everlasting
right to govern the country because it is
everlastingly right on every issue that con
fronts the country.
GREAT EXPECTATIONS.
My wife nnd I are looking out lor country board at
present:
We want a spacious, airy room with outlook wld c
and pleasant.
Our table must be well supplied with fresh and
varied food :
The evenings must be cool and dry and fishing
must be good. '".'■•''■
There must be no mosquitoes and we want three
meats a day: -
The beds must have the latest springs or else we
cannot stay. ",.i.,c
We'd like a horse and wagon that we ourselves
could use,
And there must be lots of lovely drives and ma_y
charming views. .;.;?* . <
The other guests must all be such as we are glad to
know. , •
We must not be too far from town and the trains
must not be >low. 'JUQWH
These are our modest wants, and in conclusion we
won d say,
That seven dollars a week is all that we expect to
pay! —New York Tribune,
LETTERS FROM THE PEOPLE.
REJOICING POPULISTS.
Re-publican Loyalty to Goto Will Help
Strengthen the Tofulists.
To the Editor of the San ■ Francisco Call— Sir:
It is no assumption to say that the stand taken
by the National Republican Convention in St.
Louis in favor of preserving the existing gold
standard and in opposing the free coinage of
silver except by international agreement with
the leading nations of the world will greatly
strengthen the Populists and help build up
the new party, for the Populists, by a per
sistent fight against obloquy, misrepresenta
tion and the formidable bulwark of ignorance
encountered in well-organized and disciplined
parties containing a large majority of the
voters, are gradually emerging from such
seemingly hopeless obscurity into the open
i day, and their principles, as they "state them,
! are beginning to be better understood. ! :'r- ..
It is true, and must be admitted, that thero
are intelligent and fair-minded men who are
still under the baneful influence of early mis-
apprehension of the principles enunciated by
the Populists, and they honestly believe that
Populists "stand for Government ownership of
every public means of conveyance and trans
portation." involving "the Immediate purchase
of all public highways of travel and shipping
by the Government, which would oblige the
creation of a new public debt of over $11,000,
- to pay for tne railways alone," while
In fact their platform simply "demands" that
"the Government should own and operate the
railroads in the interest of the people," and
their financial system provides for the pur
chase of railroads without the creation of a
debt, of any amount, and at actual value of
the property, and not the inflated value on
which the people now pay big interest and
dividends, in which case the railroads are
worth all that is to be paid for them, and will
soon pay for themselves and ever after be the
| source of revenue to the Government.
it is likewise true that honest men are still
misled, and really believe that Populists favor
"the wiping out of all banking institutions
and the unlimited issue of paper money by
the Government," when in fact their platform
on .these two points distinctly says: "We de-
mand a National currency— sound and
flexible— hsued by the General Government
only, a full legal tender for all debts, public
and private"; and "We demand that the cir
culating medium be speedily increased to not
less than $50 per capita," including of course
the gold and silver now in circulation as a
part of the $50 per capita/a less amount than
was In circulation at the close of the war.when
Secretary Windom in his report of the Treas
ury Department stated that "the people were
almost entirely out of debt" and that the busi-
ness of the country was on a cash basis, almost
exclusively and not as now almost exclusively
on ''confidence" in a very shaky financial sys
tem.
Similar misapprehensions no doubt prevail
to some extent with reference to other planks
in the Populist platform, but will soon all be
corrected and large numbers oi people, no
longer blinded by prejudice or ignorance, or
misled by false statements or deterred by ob-
loquy, will find much to their surprise that
they do not need to become Populists, for the
simple reason that they are already Populists
but did not know it. Present conditions
throughout the country stimulate a good deal
of independent thinking and serious investi
gation, producing as a natural result the inde-
pendent voter, who becomes deaf to appeals to
stay with the party another four years and try
to secure reform within the party. These in
dependent voters will not only be numerous
this year, but they will be extremely inclined
to vote for a change as the most effective way
to bring "the party" to a clear understanding
of what the country needs in 1800, not in 1900.
Senator Teller will have a following which
may become more numerous than McKinley
Bound-money Republicans can at present be-
lieve possible. It is certainly a fair statement
which was made in St. Louis two days since by
one of the ablest living Republicans, John J.
Ingalis. that "the Republican party is in a
transition period"; that "the issues on which
it came Into power have gone into history";
and that "these issues have passed from plat-
forms into precedent and are written in
statutes and constitutional amendments." In
a word, new Issues are before the country in
which the plain people feel that they have a
vital interest. li the vote on the adoption of
the platform to-day at St. Louis— Bl2}^ for it
aud 11 0>£ against it— may ba taken as a fair
indication of the free silver minority in
the Republican party, that is, about one silver
man to eight gold men, the possible loss of one
vote out of nine in several of the doubtful
States will be apt to have a cooling effect upon
the ardor of many a McKinley man. . It needs
no array of figures to uisclo.e the stubborn
fact that there is very likely to be i a shortage
of the votes necessary to elect Major Mc-
Kinley.
In conclusion, I venture to say that there is
far more genuine and heartfelt satisfaction
over the adoption of the Republican platform
among the Populists than among the Republi
cans. To the one it is a certain promise of a
large Increase in numbers and to the other a
loss of numbers which can possibly be made
good by the defection of gold Democrats and
still leave the electoral college a knotty prob
lem. No one need be surprised if some im
portant political developments are made
within a very short period.; "
_ ■ Joseph Asbdry JOHNSON.
11 Essex street, San Francisco.
BURNING COAL , CARGOES.
A Remedy Tiiat Is Believed Will Insure the
Safety of Colliers. .
To tlie Editor of the San Francisco Call—
I read to-day of another hot coal cargo in a
ship. I will suggest a remedy that is simple
and is just as good for loose grain stored in
bins as for coal. The coal vessels ; could carry
an air motor of some kind, and attached to
that a low-pressure airpump. Even a rotary
would do, as the pressure would not amount
to anything, the air to be distributed by per-
forated pipes with holes downward, to prevent
their stopping up on the bottom of the coal.
Every day air would be forced in, displacing
the foul air, which could be let out try a vent
on top of the coal, thus destroying the fire
damp. When this is done spontaneous com
| bustion will be a thing of the past in coal
j ships. The cost oi the little machinery would
amount to little. Fred Fisher,
. .r 503 Folsom street.
San Francisco, June 18, 1896.
SALUTE THE FLAG.
An Incident That Augurs Well for the
Patriotism of the Rising Generation.
. To the Editor of the San Francisco Call— Sir: I
was riding on a streetcar the other day and on
the opposite seat was a young mother, with a
curly-headed tot of lour or five. Presently
a funeral passed, a military escort at the head
bearing the American flag. The little fellow
spied the flag and, jumping from his seat,
pulled off his cap and with bare head and
flashing eyes turned to his mother, crying,
"Salute the flag, mother I Salute the nag!"
And there he stood, with bared head, until the
flag had passed out of sight. Let us have
more such mothers and our children will be
better Americans. F. A.W.
San Francisco, June 18, 1896.
WILL BE DISAPPOINTED.
Fresno Republican.
A small number of property owners whodm
agine they see .in the coming of the Valley
Road an opportunity to sell their property to
the right of way committee at a much higher
price than they could hope to get from any
one else are likely to be disappointed, if the
result of condemnation suits iv the counties
north of Fresno can be taken as an indication
of public sentiment in regard to the policy of
obstructing for profit. Two cases of this kind
were concluded in Merced yesterday in which
the property-owners demanded a total of $17,
-600 tor the.land; required by the -railroad.
They ere awarded $1827 50. The policy of
the Fresno committee has been to pay all that
the property is actually worth, required
by the owner," and - it Is not probable that a
jury of citizens will be found to do more than
that. To the contrary, those who are willing
to accept a fair offer or submit to arbitration
are likely to fare better than those who insist
upon litigation and the expenses which ac
crue under that method. - - vi -
A MISS' SHIRT WAIST.
The waist shown here Is one of the most styl
ish shapes. The yoke back is cut deep enough
at the top to extend well over the shoulder,
torming a shallow yoke in front, to which the
body is gathered.
Batiste with cuffs and collar of white linen
makes a very jaunty waist.
The new fabrics for shirt waists show some
startling combinations of color, and very
striking designs of flowers conventionalized.
These are often made up with a plain color
which harmonizes for the cuffs and collar.
Very elaborately embroidered batiste in nat
ural colors is used, and the result is very rich.
The cuffs and collar are usually of plain
batiste to match, or of white.
EFFECT OF AN ALVERSE DECISION.
Extend the Doctrine.
Halfmoon Bay Advocate.
The Monroe doctrine should be extended so
as to include the United States Treasury.
Why in Effigy?
... Santa Monica Signal. .
Indignant citizens of Long Beach hanged in
effigy a Trustee who violated his pledge made
before election. Why in effigy?
, Will .:.■ Wiser This Time.
San Jose Mercury.
Wage-earners were once fooled into voting
for free trade and no work, but this year they
Wilt vote for protection and employment.
He's All Right.
.'•,; " y Fresno Republican.
People who have been anxiously inquiring
'What is the matter with Hanna," haVe about
come to the conclusion that that party is all
right. - - * *
Utility or Hemp.
Eureka Letter.
An exchange heads an article "The Culture
of Hemp," and then goes on to tell about It. It
does? not seem to me that 'the "culture" of
hemp concerns California just now so much
as the "use" of it. V
Let No Guilty Man Escape.
Stockton Mall.
It Is all very well for Secretary Carlisle to
make a written report to the committee ap
pointed by the Senate to investigate the bond
Issues of the administration, but it is to be
hoped that he will also ; submit to an oral
examination.
Pasadena Star.
Pasadena Star.
' If Judge Ross' decision on the Wright act be
sustained, It will not, thinks the Investor,
necessarily acquit the land of the obligation of
paying lor the water. It would then stand
simply In the light of a debtor who has paid a
worthless check— it would not discharge the
obligation, and that obligation would still be
binding and collectable.
"* Consistency, Where Is Thy Jewelry ;
Holllster free Lance. y
For an organization that is so opposed to
monopolies as the Populist party it does not
seem consistent that they should nominate
for United States Senator a paid attorney of
the Southern Pacific Railroad. Thomas V.
Cator is now conducting a case for the railroad
against Sheriff White of Oakland. Cator, it
must be remembered, carries the Populist
party of California around in his hip pocket.
PERSONAL.
Dr. E. G. Case of Ukiah is registered at the
Baldwin.
Henry Barker, a cattleman of Hopland, Is
now at the Russ.
E. Dinkelspiel. a merchant of Suisun, is reg
istered at the Grand.
J. Thompson, a citizen of Watsonville, has a
room at the Baldwin.
Charles R. Gardner, a jeweler of New Jersey,
is staying at the Lick.
Dr. R. Ashby of Roseville is one of the latest
arrivals at the Grand.
Superior Judge Goodwin of Plumas County.
is an Occidental guest.
Dr.' E. B. Webster, U. S. N., is at the Occi
dental for a short visit.
Pat Kervin, a mining man of Virginia City,
has a room at the Palace.
B.N. Yaney, a mine-owner at Bishop, Cal.,
is a late arrival at the Russ.
Dr. R. Paulin, a physician of Portland, Or.,
is a recent arrival at the Palace.
W. N. Barnes, a journalist 'of Hanford, is
making a short visit at the Russ.
\_ F. W. Boggs, the grain merchant, of Tracy, is
among *^ie recent arrivals at the Russ.
Charles Eberhard, one of Santa Rosa's busi
ness men, is a late arrival at the Russ.
John R. Huberty Jr., a landowner of Jackson,
is registered at the Russ with his wife.
Samuel McMurtrie, the railroad contractor,
of Denver, arrived at the Palace last night.
R. J. R. Aden of Vallejo is a guest at the
Baldwin with Mrs. Aden and Miss T. Stahl.
R. Manet Browne and G. W. Garnett, orchard
ißts of Penryn, have rooms at the Occidental.
E. Williams, a capitalist and banker of
Empire, Nev., arrived at the Palace last night.
J. Marion Brooks, the Los Angeles attorney
and Democratic politician, ia among the Grand's
guests. -:,>..Y
Munroe Salisbury, the well-known horse
breeder and turfman of Pleasanton, is at the
Palace, y ■ .■"
J. F. Clapp, who is interested in Nevada
County mines, is at the Grand, registered from
Chicago. Y'f.Yy
A. C. Billcke, proprietor of the Hotel Hollen
beck at Los Angeles, is among the guests at
the Palace. V
William Drake and H. C. Oswald, two Lon
doners traveling in America, are guests at the
Occidental.
Charles F. Evelyn of Lelth, Scotland, was
one of last night's Overland passengers to reg
ter at the Palace.
E. D. Boyle, superintendent of the Alta and
other mines of Virginia City, is making a brief
visit at the Russ.
W. D. Keyser, owner of the stage-lines of So
noma and Humboldt counties, is at the Russ,
registered from Pieta.
Fred T. Duhring, a lawyer and banker of
Sonoma, is among those that registered at the
Occidental yesterday.
W. N. Sattley and Louis C. Tetard of Chicago
arrived from the East last night and took
partments at the Palace.
George E. Barker, a banker of Omaha, Nebr.,
and proprietor of the Barker House of that
place, arrived at the Grand last night.
Ex-Attorney-General of the State of Nevada
Robert SI. Clark is in town from Carson. He
is making the Palace his temporary home.
Sam Langabough, who has a large general
merchandis. store at Carson City, is in town
on a business trip. He has a room at the Russ.
Ex-Congressman James A. Louttit, the capi
talist who is building a railroad from Stockton
to Lodi, arrived at the Lick yesterday with his
wife. YYY
The Japanese Embassador and his diplo
matic corps left for "Washington, D. C, yester
day. In the afternoon they visited the Cliff
day. In the afternoon they visited the Cliff
House and Sutro baths.
Among those that have recently registered
at the Russ are J. M. Pleasants, a ranch-owner
of Winters. He is accompanied by Miss Laura
Pleasants and Mrs. Alice Elliner.
Among the recent arrivals at the Occidental
are two sons, a daughter and several grand
children of J. R. Walker, the Salt Lake banker.
In the party are Charles A. Walker, Albert E.
Walker, Mrs. W. J. Cheesman aud her four
children. .. .
children.
Enrich Ermeler, a young traveler from Ber
lin, Germany, is a guest at the Palace, but will
soon start fbr Honolulu and thence on around
the world in the particular direction that may
please his fancy. He is interested in tobacco
plantations in Cuba, and was recently there
inspecting the tobacco fields and factories be
fore his visit to the Continent for a similar
purpose.
purpose.
"W. W. Gibbins of Birmingham, Eng., arrived
at the California last night from Butte, Mont.,
where he has been inspecting the copper
mines. Mr. Gibbins is interested iv ma
chinery, and particularly it. smelting,
and J has visited all the copper fields in
America, including the large mines on the
shores of Lake Superior. He is now on his
way to Vancouver .to visit his brother before
returning to England.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, N. V., June 19.— At the West
minster, W. H. Thomas; Amsterdam, J. U.
Eldridee; Grand Union, L. Faircbild, W. H.
Rodgers; Astor, C. W. Scott; Metropolitan,
Mrs. McCauly; Albert, J. A. Swinarton; Murray
Hill, R. S.Alexander; Sturtevant, W. SI. Rose.
A SPLENDID ISSUE.
Oakland Enquirer, Jane 19.
To-day's San Francisco Call is a splendid
issue. In addition to other valuable matter in
connection with the St. Louis convention pro
ceedings it contains a carefully compiled his
tory of the great party which will soon resume
control of National affairs, to retain that con
trol until— to slightly transpose an application
made In Foraker's speech nominating McKin
ley—"God in h:s wisdom and mercy and good
ness shall see fit once more to chastise his peo
ple." That history of the Republican party
should be read several times over, especially
by the youth of California who have their
political ideas yet to form, and then be laid
away for future reference. The Call has ren
dered conspicuous service to the country at
this juncture by Its timely publication. This
is newspaper enterprise of the right sort.
PEOPLE OF PROMINENCE.
Senator Wolcott of is regarded as
the best amateur cyclist in Washington.
The President of the republic of Andorra, in
the Pyrenees, a salary of $15 a year.
Thomas A. Edison eats sparingly and spas
modically when at work investigating "elec
trical mysteries.
Ex-Governor Boies of lowa has a farm of
2500 acres, and makes farming pay. He ls
worth nearly $300,000.
General Joseph Shelby, United States Mar
shal for the Western District of Missouri, is
writing a book about his war-time experiences.
The Marquis de Mores, who lived In Dakota
some years ago, has started for the Egyptian
Soudan in order to lead the Arab chiefs against
the British advance. V
Miss Jane Addams, the founder of Hull
House, Chicago, who has been spending some
time studying the East End of London, gives
it as her opinion that London is more wicked
than Chicago.
Queen Amalie of Portugal has been devoting
much of her time in' the attempt to discover
an anti-fat pill in order to stay the tendency to
extreme corpulence, which has been threaten
ing to disfigure her husband. ' */■;;. -
Queen Victoria's favorite amusement these
days is playing checkers. She plays a pretty
good game and likes to win, so much so that
the lady of honor who is her opponent is care
ful not to win more than one game a day.
The Rev. Thomas Hill, who is said to be the
oldest Nonconformist mnister in England in
active service, has retire!, after a ministry of
fifty-seven years, the lasttbirty-two of whicia
were spent as pastor of the* Congregation*.!
Church of North Finchlej
Dr. Camille-SalhtSaensVecently celebrate*
the fiftieth anniversary of^is debut as a must"
cian. A special orchestra performance waft
given in his honor in P.ris, in which he
played Mozart's pianoforte oncerto in E flat—
the work in which he made his first appear
ance as a boy of 11. There ■** also performed
for the first time Saint-Saea' second violin
sonata, Sarasate playing the Volin part with
the composer at the piano. %
NEWSPAPER PLEASANTRY.
The report that Cecil Rhode and Barney
Barnato are investing in Britiih Columbian.
mines is notice to look out for a _tmeson raid
on Alaska.— Philadelphia Ledger.
"The Hopkins family has quit taling ice."
"The Hopkins family has quit taling ice."
"What's that for?"
"Couldn't agree on whose duty it was to get
up early and identify it before it melted."
Chicago Record. l
Two ladies were being shown the \vonders
of the X-ray recently by Professor Rtbinson,
and one was looking through the other with
the fluoroscope, as it was my privilege ti do in
the case of the Bowdoin senior. I
"Can you see the ribs?" asked the politt pro
fessor.
"Oh, yes, very plainly," was the answer, "but
I never knew before that they extended up *nd
down."
And then it was the duty of the scientist 'to
explain that steel corset ribs as well as human
bone ribs are disclosed by the merciless X rays.
Lewis ton Journal.
California glace fruits, 50. lb. Townsend'*."
Best peanut taffy in the world. Town-end's.*
fggtjggStf _ ♦ — •
Cream mixed candies, 25c a lb. Townsend's.*
Extra fine Cream Caramels. Townsend's.*
Special Information dally to manufacturer**.
business houses and public men by the Fran
Clipping Bureau (Alien's), 510 Montgomery. '
Campers' trains now running over the N. P.
C. R. R. via Sausaiito ferry to the great red
wood forests of Marin and Sonoma counties. *
Convicted.
Judge Wallace has been charged by Barry's ■
Star with perjury. He dismisses the charge
against Siebe because his own ox was gored .
A. P. A. Hnddelson lived upon the shame of
women will arrest the editor of The Star— if ho
dare. *
• — *— • , ; .-"•"
Slr. Tietrotter— They say that the play of
Mr. Tietrotter— They say that the play of
"Hamlet" without Hamlet is a pretty unsatis
factory thing. a
Mr. Flush— So it is.
Sir. Tietrotter (sadly)— Perhaps so. But the
same play without the ghost is still worse.
New York Herald. YY. .
599 75 to "Washington, D. C, and Re-,
tarn.
The official excursion to the fifteenth annual
convention of the Young People's Society Chris
tian Endeavor at Washington. D. C, July 7, will
leave Los Angeles Monday, June 29. at _ p. M.
and Han Francisco Tuesday, June 30, at 7 a.m.
The route will be via the Central Pacific, Union
Pacific, Chicago and Northwestern, and Baltimore
and Ohio railways, and the excursion will be made
under the personal supervision of is. W. Campbell,
pres dent of the California Christian Endeavor
Union, 18 North Second Street. San Jose, and
William <:. Alexander, ex-president of the Call
fornla Christian Endeavor Union, 21 Norm Fourth
street, San Jose. For further information and
reservation of berths apply to either of the gentle
men or to D. W. Hitchcock, 1 Montgomery street,
San Francisco; C. E. Bray, _ New Montgomery
street, San Francisco: G. F. Herr, 'i'A South Spring
street, Los Angeles, or to any ticket agent of the
Southern Pacific Company.
• — ♦ — * —
Official Route to Democratic National
Convention, Chicago.
The Central Pacific, Union Pacific and Chicago
and Northwestern line has been selected as the of
ficial route of for the California delegates to the
Democratic National Convention at Chicago, open-
In*; July 7. Special rate for the round trip, only
f72 60, California to Chicago and return. Tickets
on sale June 30 and July 1.
The only Una running Pullman drawing-room
sleepers and dining-cars San Francisco to Chicago
daily without change, and free composite buffet
smoking and library cars. Time to Chicago only
3VB days.
Ticket and sleeping-car reservations at general
ticket office, No. 1 Montgomery street. D. W.
Hitchcock, general agent, San Francisco.
Excursions to Grand Canyon of the
Colorado. YYYYY-'
Colorado.
An excellent opportunity for seeing this wonder
ful scenery at a nominal expense is afforded
through the excursions to leave San Francisco
June 20 and July 1 over the Atlantic and Pacific
Railroad. Fare includes stage trip from Flagstaff,
meals en route and hotel expenses at Canyon, $75.
For full particulars call on or address Thos.
Cook & Son, excursion agents, 621 Market street,
under Palace Hotel, or any agent Atlantic and
Pacific Railroad. H. C. Bosh, assistant general
passenger agent, 61 Chronicle building, S. F.
Northern Pacific Railroad.
Parties attending the Democratic National Con
vention at Chicago, the Christian Endeavorers at
"Washington and National Educa ional Associa
tion at Buffalo should go or return via the North
ern Pacific Railroad. For particulars inquire of
T. K. Stateler, Gen. Agt, 638 Market St., S. F.
Use Dr. Siegert's Angostura Bitters to stimulate
the appetite and keep the digestive organs In
order.
Feverishness of th? scalp soon caines bald
ness. Ayer"B Hair Vigor cools aud cleanses the
scalp and clothes It With be.mtv.
NEW TO-DAT.
REAL ESTATE
REAL ESTATE
FOR SALE BIT
FOR SALE BY
Tlios. lap & Sons,
Tlios. Majee & Sons,
REAL ESTATE AGENTS
REAL ESTATE AGENTS
And Publishers "Real Estate Circular."
4 Montgomery Street,
4 Montgomery Street,
I'llOl MUST BULDI.VG, Io!.*i__ _,____„
INVESTMtENTS.
INVESTMENTS.
$30,000— Rents $195; Polk St., near California;
60x80: fine 3-siory building; stores below and
rooming-bouse above.
Fourth-street corner, renting for 8225, $31,000.
Rents $274 50; fine corner: Ellis and Mollis sis.:
90x125: covered with 6 dwellings and 9 nearly
new flats: price asked $27,000, and offer wanted;
lt is an estate and most soon sell.
Rents $186; $-5,500: 6 well-built 2- story
houses; 7 room a and bath each; Howard St.. cor.
9:h.
Sixteenth-street business corner on best part of
the street; large lot and good 2-story building in
stores; $17,000.
BOUSES AND LOTS — REDUCED
PRICES.
$3000— Cottage and lot on Hayes at., near Fill-
more; 22:6x70. '" ... ',"■"■
Octavia St.. bet. Broadway and Vallejo: 25x
112:6 and two-story in good order; 8 rooms, bath,
etc.; flne view: $6000: easy terms. ■
Reduced to $2800— NW. cor. Fillmore and Fil-
bert: 24x100 and cottage.
$2500— Cozy cottage; flne garden; lot 25x114;
Ford St., bet. Sanchez and Noe.
2-story and basement; lot 26:4x80: house has 18
rooms: only $2300; very easy terms; Tehama st.,
bet. Ist and 2d.
$8500— Bryant st., north side, bet. 2d and 3d: 25
xBO «nd cottage of 8 rooma
Reduced to $4350— Shotwell st., W. side, near
22d. 56x96:8, and two cottages, 5 rooms and bath
each; rents $30; fine street.
LOTS REDUCED PRICES AND CHEAP.
LOTS REDUCED PRICES AND CHEAP.
Jones and Chestnut— 36xlB7:6: fine view ana
fine neighborhood; street work done: $3000; very
cheap. ;.---- -.'
Offer want ed-NE. cor. 16th and Flint sts., just
above Castro, 50x68:6, $900; or corner, 68:6x90
or 68:6x165; fine view. .. ,'
Offer wanted— Park aye. lots facing Buena \ isa
Park: 25x122:6, Sl'-OO each: 26:6x135. $1250
each: fine view; 3 b'.orks H. of Haight st.
XX. cor. Clay and Ist aye. ; 27x126: only $**000
Cheap; $2000 only each: 3 lots 27:6x1 37: on
N. side of Sacrama-to St.. bet. Spruce aud Maple:
cable-cars pass; ea*y terms. - ■'■",•
Cor. ueary and Wood sts.; 29:8x100: reduced lo
$2000; cheap. f
Klegant lot for investment : 118x126: SE. cor.
Polk and Green; both streets Border; cheap; only
$9600. I *. ".- . i .-..:■
A bargain; $5010 for 131-foot front; 50 feet on
Washington, 81 On Jackson, running through bet.
Cherry and First ayes. : : ■*
Washington st, N. side: flne marine view; near
Locust; 50xl2,:8; $6000.•B**a«*«_.
_3_ifc£y c°
-ATUKPAY... JUNE 20, 1898
"ATCKPAY JUKE 20, 1896
AMISEMENTS.
Baldwix Th_aik'*--"A Glided FooL"
California THEA"*KR--"The Home Secretary."
Columbia 1 hkaj-h— "The Charity BaU."
Moro6co'b Opkb.-Housk— "New York Day By
Day. '
Tivou Op-TBA-rorsK.— "Lorraine."
< i:PHEr-M— Hlßl-Class Vaudeville.
rover's aiozak. — -The Little Detective,"
Park Thkatjß— Grove street, between Polk
md Van >.' ess a < nut-—" Cruiskeen Lawn."
Sctro Baths- Bathing and performances.
Presidio A7HLETIC G founds— Baseball to-
ri orrow.
Might the chutes— Dally at Haight street, one
tiock east of tie Park.
PICfICS AND EXCURSIONS.
Exctjßsioi— Mt. Shasta, Saturday, June 20.
I ■'xrt-Bsio*— To Bohemia Grove, Sunday,
tune 21. ____^^________
AUCTION SALES.
By E. «*. Spear & Co.— This day (Saturday)
Furniture at SI "Sutter street, at 10 o'clock.
By L. I. Bi-bd- This day (Saturday), Furniture,
it 500 Lirkin street, at 11 o'clock.
By J. '. Muther— This day (Saturday), Grocer-
es. at corner Post and Baker streets, at 11 o'clock.
By C ias. Kastman— Monday, June 22, Japanese
aigh-/rt Goods, at 419 Kearny street, at 1:30 a.
*. aDf 2 P. m.
By Pun ivan & Doyle— June 22,
Rockaways. Buggies, etc., at 1128 Mission street.
it i: o'clock.
B»* Kastoj? * KunßinoE— Satnrdav, June 27,
I. ,1 Fttatc. at Murphy Station, ac 1 o'clock.
CITY ITEMS IN BRIEF.
"Fair, probably warmer, with light to fresh
winds" is the forecast for to-day.
The Mexico is being overhauled and praci.
cally converted into a new steamer.
I'apinta appeared at th" Orpheum last night
in a new dance requiring 500 yards of silk.
'tidpe Wallace yesterday sentenced J. Jone, a
footpad, to twenty years in the State prison.
Henry Grundel has sued Louis V. Olcese for
So*. 3d, on an assigned claim of W. and i.
-;o&ne.
Two fishermen, whose boat capsized, were
rescued in the nick of time by the crew of the
City of Para.
The graduating exercises of the Business
Evening School were held last evening in Odd
Fellows' Hall.
The public schools of San Francisco closed
yesterday afternoon for the midsummer vaca
tion of six weeks.
J. H. Morton was yesterday appointed ad
ministrator of the estate of Esther Prager.with
bonds fixed at $2000.
The body of a male baby was found yesterday
Afternoon in a vacant lot on tbe. corner of
Larkin and Francisco streets.
Th© Civic Federation has been given tbe best
box from which to witness the comping Cor
beit-Sharkey four-round contest.
Congressman James G. Magulre returned
yesterday from Washington and talked about
Democratic chances In November.
Barbara Knobloch has applied for letters of
administration on the estate of Jacob Knob
loch. The estate is valued at $2000.
Father Yorke lectured at Native Sons' Hall
on "Why Foreign Flags Should Not Be Ex
cluded From Fourth of July Parades."
Mrs. Nettie Craven recorded deeds to over a
million dollars' worth of property yesterday
which she claims was given her by James G.
Fair.
There are a number of new women dentists
in town. Five have graduated from the Col
lege o! Dentistry of the University of Cali
fornia.
The headquarters of the State Woman's Suf
frage Association will be removed from 1630
Folsom street to the Emporium building next
Tuesday.
Nat Goodwin made a speech at the profes
sional matinee at the Baldwin yesterday, in
which he denied having called San Francisco
a jay town.
At a meeting of the parade committee yes
terday it was decided to have the entire Sec
ond Division of the National Guard march on
the Fourth.
Judge Seawell yesterday ordered Henry G.
Gerdes, the Kearny-street druggist, to pay his
wiie $50 a month alimony, pending hearing
of ncr suit' for divorce.
The big ratification meeting to celebrate the
nomination of McKinley and the beginning of
the era of good times takes place this evening
at Mechanics' Pavilion.
The Labor Council censured the present
method in vogue at the State Labor Bureau of
compelling applicants for work to enter by tne
rear door, while employers go In the front en
trance.
The Pacific Coast Jockey Club will give a
stake race in April next worth $5000 to the
winner and a cup given by A. B. Spreckels will
go with the first prize. The race will be called
the "Spreckeli cup." _BP_fi
The Oakland ferry steamer broke down yes
terday and drifted around aimlessly for some
time, creating some alarm among the passen
gers. Control of the vessel was finally gained
and no los« resulted.
The State Woman's Suffrage Association will
ratify the insertion of their plank in the Re
publican, Populist and Prohibition platforms
by a mass-meeting at Metropolitan Temple
next Friday evening.
The Market-street Railway Company was
yesterday sued for $5000 by W. L. Smith for
damages sustained in being put off a Market
street car because he neglected to procure a
transfer Instead of a transfer check.
Second Mate Ford of the British ship Lynd
hurst, at Sausalito, fell into the hold yester
day. He broke his arm, dislocated. his thigh
and sustained other injuries unknown. He
will be removed to the German Hospital to
day.
An exciting bicycle race took place yesterday
at Sausalito from Waldo Point to Miller's drug
store, Sausalito. Collins was the winner, cov
ering the two and a quarter miles in 6% min
utes. The race occasioned great interest on the
water front.
W. Q. Curtis of the Southern Pacific Com
pany has received a sample box of matured
seedless grapes raised on the Arizona desert,
near Yuma. This section matures grapes a
month earlier than any other section in the
United States.
SETTLED COFFEY.
How _ Siamese Giant Deputy Quelled
an Attorney.
Justice of the Peace Kerrigan had occa
sion yesterday to call in a deputy sheriff
to prevent his court being turned into a
sho_tin_-room by an obstreperous attor
ney, and only managed to keep from com
mitting the offender to jail for contempt
of court by a remarkable display of con
trol over his temper.
J. J. Coffey, an attorney, appeared for
his daughter, to whom he had assigned a
claim for a fee.
After having asked the same question
over a dozen times and being admonished
by the court that he must cease he became
noisy and fell into a. wrangle with the at
torney on the other side. The court's pa
tience finally becoming exhausted he said:
"Mr. Coffey, sit down; yon are making
too much noise. Sit down."
"I won't sit down, and 1 will stand as
lone as I please," vociferated Coffey, as he
glared at the Judge.
A whispered word to an attorney soon
brought Deputy Sheriff Dick O'Connor,
who is as big as the Siamese giant and
much broader. Coffey cast one sidelong
glance at the stalwart "dep." and then
subsided for the rest 6f the afternoon, not
even venturing to talk above an ordinary
tone of voice.
— — •> — ♦ — • .
New Officers I cited
At a meeting ot the Austrian-American Mc-
Kinley Club at 25 Turk street last evening the
following officers were elected: President, P.
Moreno; ice-president, H. A. Williams;
:reasureryP. Bakereza; recording secretary, T.
***. Medqvich; sergeant-at-arms, N. Dievovlch:
jxecutive committee— p. Moreno, H. A. Wll
iams, T. C. Medovich, A. Gagre, Nick Pilich,
a. Midas, Jhmes Feely. One hundred and
;hirty-two members signed the club-roll.
• — ♦ — •-
Church Bazaar.
A grand bazaar will be opened in old St.
Mary's College Hall next September in aid ot
the church in '.hat section, of which Rev. j
Father Brady is pastor. There is zreatactivity
already among the ladles of the parish, and |
everything promises well for a successful fair, j
-_, —^ — _ 1 —
To Se«-k for Gold
The Spencer Gold .lining Company was yes
terday incorporated by P. .1. <;. Xt nna, J. H.
Page, G. M. Foote, J. _. Johnson and E. A.
Crepin.wlth a capital stock of $100,000, of
which $1000 has beer, paid in. I
ENERGY IN THE
WESTERN ADDITION.
The Bear Club Will Take
a Hand in the Cam-
paign.
E.W. WILLIAMS, FOUNDER
Some of Its Members Rewarded
Some of Its Members Rewarded
by the Highest Office in
the City.
the City.
OWNS ITS OWN , HAIL.
i
Character a Prerequ:site to Obtain
Character a Prerfqusite to Obtain
Admissson to the Bear
Club.
To the hardy pioneer who rounded Cape
Horn in the sailing vessel and arrived in
San Francisco in the fall of '49 or the
spring of '50 the old boundary lines of
THE PRINCIPAL OFFICERS OF THE BEAR (REPUBLICAN) CLUB, 1898
Yerba Buena remain an indelible •
memory.
To him the wonderful progress of .pay- j
ing with cobbles the few streets that then ;
formed the principal portion of this City !
was sufficient to impress him with the j
march of progress made by himself and
those who thought as be did.
The old signal-yard displayed on Tele
graph Hill which announced the arrival of
a seagoing and incoming ship was all
sufficient. This with a marked increase
in the number of goats and chickens seen
browsing on the sun-dried rocks of the
southeastern brow of ' this observatory
convinced him that there was a great
future in store for the City of the West.
With all of those things he paid no
further attention nor did he bestow a
thought upon any section west of Powell
street.
The "old comer," with his convivial as-
sociations and with the hooked end of his
imported hickory thrown carelessly over
his left forearm, the better to enable him
to use bis right hand in keeping flies off
the free-lunch table, was content to enter-
tain his associates with long-winded sto
ne b of the days of his youth, spent on the
plantation where negroes were chattels
and where it was looked upon as an act of
deep degradation for a white man to labor
at anything more severe than flogging a
disobedient slave who failed to do the task
set out for him by his master.
While thus remunerating and entertain-
ing those about him with tales of the
blessings to be had in the sunny South
where Democracy flourished and where it
is a misdemeanor to be a Republican .San
Francisco was growing not in the direc
tion of Telegraph Hill or North Beach,
but westward, out toward the great ocean:
and with this growth there were streets
being made and hills pulled down to fill
up the hollows on which houses had been
built, and in those houses men and women
moved. And as it follows in all respecta
ble locations the building of houses and
their occupancy meant an increase in the
population which in time necessitates the '
building of school houses and the educa- j
tion of the children.
Now this is just what took place in San i
Francisco after the spring of *50 and dur
l ing the period in which our esteemed Dem
| ocratic * friend was dreaming of what a
grand Democratic State California would
I be when sufficient Southern people settled i
I on its soil.
In tbe meantime, however, the indomit- \
i able Yankee was climbing the Rocky j
| Mountains with teams, aud right behind
him was corning the puffing and snorting |
iron horse drawing not one wagon but
hundreds of wagons", each wagon carrying
its load of New Englanders bound for San
Francisco. These finally arrived, but, un-
like their neighbors from the South with
the hooked hickory, they settled in the
Western Addition, built their homes and
sent their children to the public schools.
At those schools the youth were in-
structed that labor was honorable and i
idleness "produced misery and crime.
These being part of the Republican doc-
trine the young men as they grew up to
manhood carried the lessons taught them
in their youth into practice as soon as op-
portunities pre en ted themselves.
Of such young stock are the members of i
the "Bear Club." These young San Fran-
cisco boys .not caring to follow in the foot
steps of their fathers, in so far as remain
ing politically indolent from election time
to the recurring occasion, organized a Re-
publican Club in the Western Addition
and one that should be continuous, in
which none but respectable, well-conducted
gentlemen would be admitted to member
ship. They believed that politics couid
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JUNE 20, 1896.
and should be made clean and acceptable
to all decent people.
With this object in view E. W. Williams,
a Western Addition boy barely of age,
conceived the idea of associating with him-
self a sufficient number of respectable
boys who would form a political club quite
different Irom - the political clubs which
had been in existence in other portions of
the City where the principal qualifications
for membership were the quantity of bad
liquor that each member could consume
and the number of lights he could take
part in on a given night when Republican
clubs had to be stuffed and captured in the
interest of the dear old party.
No such qualifications were required
from the applicants who sought admission
to the Bear Club.
The young men of the Western Addi
tion coincided in the views of Mr. Wil
liams, and when -a sufficient number had
been got together in 1885 the originator
had the club formed, and located its head-
quarters at the corner of Fillmore and
Post streets, where it has since remained.
While Ed Williams was the originator
and the all of the Bear Club, yet with his
usual mo testy he has never been its presi
dent. He always with that magnanimity
which he possesses encouraged some young
friend of his to the front, contenting him
self with occupying the responsible posi
tion of chairman of the executive commit-
tee, from which the success of the club has
emanated, and to wh;ch the high standing
of its members and its influence as a Re-
publican organization are dne.
The first officers of the Bear Club were:
President, E. J. Casey; secretary, Charles
A. Baldermau; treasurer, Samuel Val-
leau: executive committee E. W. Wil
liams, Franklin Bull, George Allen, Frank
Grimes and R. O'Connor.
The opening night given -by the club
was attended by some of the best-known
socie'.y ladies in the Western Addition.
These for the first time in their lives en-
tered the door of a political gathering, and
spent a most enjoyable night with their
young friends.
\ Thus it was that, the members of the
j Bear Club established for themselves a rep
utation for respectability that made them
favorites all over the City, and which
I brought to their secretary applications for
j membership from some of the leading local
1 Republicans, all of whom considered it an
honor to be enrolled on the books.
There were no geographical lines laid
j down for members. Any Republican of
| good moral 'standing in the City could pre
sent his application, and if he went
I through the ordeal of an investigation and
escaped without being hit with a blackball
'he was admitted. Y-Y * ; - -
There is no other club in San Francisco
i out of which so many of its members were
| rewarded with public office as this.
Among some of the names thus honored
j are found Mayor A. A. Sanderson, Con
gressman E. 1". Loud, District Attorney,
State Senator and Insurance Commis
| sioner J. N. E. Wilson, County Clerks
j General W. A. Davies and W. J. Rudd'ck,
City Recorders E. B. Reed and Alexander
Russell, Supervisors Samuel Valleau, S.
j S. Morton, William Wilkinson and J. B.
| Curtis, with State Senator Dan Everett,
Meanwhile the brains and originator of
j the club and the man through whom all
i those have received political favors,
contented himself with a clerkship until
the present time, when he was rewarded
with the office of chief clerk of the Jus
tices' Court.
But this is not his only reward from his
young associates, for no man is held in
higher esteem by those who know him
than is the genial and gentlemanly Ed
! Williams of the Bear Club. Polite and
j obliging, with a kind word for all, yet a
leader of men and an organizer of no mean
ability, he and his club will be heard from
before William McKinley takes his seat in
the President's chair.
As it is with Ed, so it is with those
! who assist him in the management of the
j club. No young man can make more
friends in a given period and retain them
for a lifetime than George 8. McComb, the
secretary of the club. His modesty has
Kept him indoors, for he has not yet pre
sented himself to the admiring public.
But those rare gifts are inherited, not be-
stowed.
McComb came by his genial manner
through legitimate possession, for his
j now departed father, General John Mc
! Comb, possessed those qualities in a
1 marked degree as compared with the
majority of men. ;* --.
The executive officers of the club at
present are: President, T. J. Collins; vice
president, H. C. Firebaugh; secretary,
George S. McComb; treasurer, Oscar
i Tolle; executive committee— E. W. Wil-
I liams, W. W. Wade, R. W. Roberts, John
Williams and Daniel T. Cole.
The club will turn out to-night and join
| in the ratification of William McKinley
; for President. The drill corps will make
its appearance for the first time ins 1896,
and will no doubt give a good account of
itself between now and next November.
Do You Know Him?
The town crier in the News Letter? If
you wish to make his aquaintance look at
what he says every week and see how he
lays the lash on the backs of hypocrites
and offensive public ofli ials.
••->"■ ' ' . i • — * — ■» —
-he* Martin Murder Trial.
Mrs. Susie H. Martin's ; trial for the murder
of her husband will commence on August < 10.
Mrs. Martin appeared for trial in Judge Wal
lace's court yesterday, but at her request the
case was continued.
m » m :
Phillips Was Cruel.
Ada G. Phillips was granted a divorce from
William ■_. Pi.; lips by Judge Suave il yester
day. Mrs. Phillips whs awarded the custody!
of the minor children and $20 a month ali
mony. ■-.." " v-y
• ♦ --•- —
The population of London increases by
The population of London increases by
70,000 each year. , . . j
NETTIE CRAVEN
RECORDS DEEDS.
Claims Over a Million
Dollars Worth of
Property.
JAMES G. FAIR'S GIFT.
The Name of the Deceased Was
Signed With a Lead-
" ' Pencil.
ATTORNEYS TAKE PRECAUTIONS
The Southwest Corner of Pine and
Sanspme One of the Pieces
of Real Estate. "
George R. Williams and Stephen Rob
erts, as attorneys for Mrs. Nettie Craven,
had two deeds recorded yesterday to prop
erty worth over a million dollars, which
Mrs. Craven claims James Q. Fair gave
her before his death.
The intimation was made some time ago
that Mrs. Craven had deeds to valuable
real estate, but the nature of the property
was not made known.
The deeds were the ordinary printed
blanks, the insertions describing the prop
erty and the signatures being made in
lead-pencil.
Both purported to have been made out
on September 8, 1894, and were acknowl
edged by Notary Public J. J. Cooney on
September 27, 1894.
Both witnessed that through love and
affection and a desire to provide for her
future maintenance, James G. Fair had
made a gift to Mrs. Craven of the property
described. The first deed was for the lot
on tbe southwest corner of Pine and San
some streets, 227 feet on Pine and 131:6
feet on Sansome. This property is worth
over $400,000. The other deed was for a
half block of land bounded by Eleventh,
Potter and Mission streets, 550 feet on Mis
sion street and 275 feet on Potter street,
Mr. Fair paid $550,000 for this tract in
1891.
Attorneys Williams and Roberts exer
cised the greatest care over the documents
while in the Recorder's office, sitting by
Deputy Joseph Cooney while he copied
the deed and taking possession of them
immediately on their being finished. They
gave as a reason for this action that they
feared that the pencil insertions in the
blank might become effaced if the deeds
were left in the office and handled by the
officials.
The searchers of records, who desired to
get the main features of the deeds, were
not permitted to touch them at all, their
only inspection of the documents being
while they were held in the hands of the
attorneys.
The Recorder was no less careful regard
ing his portion of the transaction, more pre
cautions being taken than with any docu
ments ever recorded in his office.
Not only were the verbiage and inser
tions of the deeds copied, but also the num
bers ofthe practitioners' blanks, and even
the printer's figures at the bottom of the
blanks.
When the work was all done the book in
which the deeds were recorded was
locked up in the safe to be sure that no
accident happens to it.
George R. Williams, the attorney, who
personally had the deeds recorded, was seen
'Y. ' NEW TO-DAT.
More plain talk
— but from eminent New York newspa-
pers this time :
"It is not saying too much to assert that the use of spu-
rious teas has tended to aggravate diseases of the nerves
and digestive organs, has often caused disorders almost un-
known to medical science before the days of drug teas, and
has helped to. swell the mortality list." — New York Herald.
"Some tea is colored with Prussian Blue, to make it
green; green tea is usually the worst, while black tea is
blackened with plumbago. Nice stuff, that, to take into the
stomach — Brooklyn (N. V.) Eagle.
You see what we mean ; we might say
this ourselves more directly, more con-
cisely, because we are speaking direct to
you, men and women of San Francis-
co. But we are " interested"; we have
tea to sell ; and our tea is pure ; and what
is more natural than that we point to and
exaggerate the danger of colored tea for
our own purposes ?
No ; there is nothing to be scared about.
The Japan tea you are drinking will not
kill you. It is only bad for you. That
is all we say.
You can avoid this badness by drinking
pure tea : Schilling's Best Japan, Oolong,
Ceylon, English Breakfast, Ideal Blend
your money back if you don't like it.
The quick grocers will have it first.
San Francisco , m A Schilling & Company
at his home, 1466 Tenth avenue, East Oak
land, last night, but was extremely ] re
luctant to say anything about the matter.
He finally, however, gave the history of
the documents so far as he was acquainted
with it. .z~ ' * ' ,'\
About three weeks after Senator Fair's
death, and immediately after the Good
fellow will had been stolen, he was ap
proached by Stephen Roberts, an old
time friend of his, who asked him some
hypothetical questions relating to the
pencil will and pencil deeds, as has since
developed. As the result of this consulta
tion, Mrs. Craven was introduced to Mr.
Williams. Mr. Roberts' acquaintance with
Mrs. Craven resulted from the fact that
Mr. Roberts and Mrs. Craven were both
school teachers.
Mrs. Craven at this interview informed
Mr. Williams of the existence of both the
will and the deeds, and virtually re
quested him to act as her counselor in the
matter.
At that time the will had been sent to
New York by Mrs. Craven, and he advised
her to produce it before the Probate Court
at the earliest possible day, and it was
this advice of Mr. Williams that caused
the sensational introduction of the pencil
testament into the Fair will controversy.
In response to questions Mr. Williams
made toe following statement:
"I went out to the City Hall in San
Francisco yesterday with Mr. Roberts to
have the deeds recorded. I exercised
great caution in this, as the documents
were in pencil and I was fearful of some of
the writing being rubbed and made illegi
ble or possibly mutilated. I was appre
hensive also that they might be stolen, as
was one of the Fair wills. For these rea
sons I did not care to let the originals go
out of my hands."
When asked in whose custody the docu
ments are at the present time Mr. Wil
liams declined to state, but inferentially
it was learned that they were in his pos
session.
"Were there any other witnesses to the
signing of the deeds besides Mrs. Craven,
Notary Cooney and Senator Fair?'l was
asked.
"Yes, sir."
"What are their names?"
"That I must not say."
"You know who they are?"
"Oh, yes."
"Did Senator Fair sign the deed in the
presence of Notary Cooney?"
"That I cannot say, but it would not
have been necessary to make the documents
legal. Any one might have written Fair's
name to the documents, but his acknowl
edgment of it before a notary as his
name would have made it his legal signa
ture. But lam sure it is Mr. Fair's sig
nature. At the 'time the deeds were exe
cuted Senator Fair was living in the Lick
House, and Notary Cooney had his office
in that building, with O'Farr.ll & Co., I
believe."
"Did Mr. Coor.ey state to you whether or
not Mr. Fair signed the deeds in his pres
ence?"
. "I did not ask him that question."
"As the signatures are in pencil, the
same as the body of the documents, is it
not fair to presume that they were al
ready signed when presented to Notary
Cooney for acknowledgment? Had they
been signed before the notary, would not
ink have been used?"
"Yes; I think, for the reason mentioned,
that the deeds were signed before being
presented to the notary."
"Are there any other deeds yet to be re
corded?"
"1 can't say."
"Why were the deeds not put on record
earlier, instead of waiting all this while?"
"For the same reason that she hesitated
about filing the pencil will; she did
not want the notoriety that she felt would
result. The property was perfectly safe.
No one could sell or steal it or make away
with it."
"What was the reason of her putting it
on record at this particular time?"
"Nothing special. But the documents
are in pencil and might become injured or
destroyed, j So the deeds were put on rec
ord to provide against any such mishap."
"When did you first actually see the
deed?". ,'■•..
. "That 1 must not answer." v . :
"Has Mr. Cooney. the notary, any spe- ]
cial recollection of the transaction of ac- j
knowledging the signature to the deeds?" j
"No; but he, like all notaries, keeps a I
record of all acknowledgments, and he has |
one of this particular transaction, of
course. That record briefly describes the
property, gives the name of the grantor
and grantee, also the date when the sig
natures were acknowledged. There is no
question in my mind about the matter.
Everything is as straight as a shingle."
Mr. Williams stated further that the
property was valued in the neighborhood
of $1,250,000.
Early in the evening a call was made at
310 Guerrero street, at the residence of
Mrs. Janet R. Craven, the grantee men
tioned in the deed, but Mrs. Craven was
not at home, and the ingenuous maid
servant neither knew where her mistress
was nor. when she would return, but she
did not think Mrs. Craven was trying to
dodge reporters.
TELLER'S SILVER BOLT.
The Republicans of California
Will Stay the
Party.
Republicans of San Francisco generally
regret that Senator Teller of Colorado has
decided to leave the party on the silver is
sue. They entertain the view that he
would be able to accomplish more good for
the cause of bimetallism in the Republican
party than outside of the organization. It
cannot be ascertained that many Republi
cans in California will follow his example.
It is said that a petition was in circulation
yesterday with the purpose of getting
the signatures of voters to sustain Teller's
bolt, but that only a few signatures were
secured.
C. F. Curry, County Clerk, was asked
last evening if he had heard of any de
sertions from the Republican ranks in
consequence of Teller's course, and he re
plied that he had not. The platform of
the Republican convention demanding
protection for all industries will bring to
the party many more votes than will be
lost by the withdrawal of Teller. Protec
tion is really the leading question. The
Democrats have got to work up an issue
of some kind to keep the party together,
and the declaration for free silver may be
j made at the Chicago convention. This
J platform will promise, the farmers every-
I thing. Republicans believe in silver, but
j other issues take precedence at this time.
General Robert A. Friedrich will ear
| nestly support the Republican National
I ticket and the platform of the party, but
he is of the opinion that energetic work
must be done to carry California. "I do
not know," he said, "how strong the senti-
I ment is in California for the free coinage
of silver, but I know that many Republi
cans favor bimetallism. In my judgment
Teller made a mistake in withdrawing
from the party. McKinley and Hobart
will be elected, but we must prepare at the
start for a hard battle in California."
Henry N. Gray did not believe that any
' considerable number of California Repub-
I licans would leave the party in conse
quence of the attitude of Senator Teller.
Joseph Simonson fancies that Teller's
defection will cut but a little figure in
party calculations. He said : "I have not
heard of any Republicans in San Francisco
who are going to leave the party on ac-
count of the silver question. This talk of
I the Democrats nominating Teller is idle.
. The Democrets .will not come to Teller.
'■ He must go to tnem. I fancy that the sil-
I ver Senators have been looking to their
I own interests in the move they have
taken. Perhaps they imagine that the
, chance of prolonging their service the
NEW TO-DAT.
ATTENTION,
REPUBLICANS.
A grand meeting for the pur-
pose of ratifying the nomina-
tions made at St Louis will be
held at the Mechanics' Pavilion
Saturday Ev.ning June 20.
All Republican organizations
wishing to take part are re-
' quested to communicate with the
Executive Committee, 850 Mar-
ket street.
JOHN M. CHRETIEN,
Chairman Executive Committee.
Grove P. Ayres,
Secretary Executive Committee.
.
NEW TO-L AT— AMUSEMENT-.
NEW TO-JLAT— AMU aiSMENTi.
■ O'Farrell Street, ween Stockton and Powell.
Matinee To-Day, Saturday, "Jane 20.
Parquet, any seat, 25c; Balcony, any seat, 10c.
Children, 10c, any part.
MARLO-D. NHAM FAMILY MKEKS
BKO -.-PA UINTA THE VITAS-OPE.
Only four more appearances of Papinta, McAvoy
& May and Lizzie B. Buymond.
Ocean Wave. I orbett-Courtney Fight, and Other
New Subjects. 28— Great Artists— 2B ■
New Departure — Extra Matinee Wednesdays.
#utto_§atliii
Saturday & Sunday Afternoons & Evenings
-■ ij :" June aoth and 21st. ■- Yl/ '-*■
Tl_.e Entrant 'd^Lady
I IN HEB AERIALSLUMBER, 7.
Introduced by the Or: en* Nauich Wallas.
Novel Obstacle Races. Live Duck Chase.
1 Zendello, the Contortionist. The Midget
lown
i Wonderful living exhibition every evening this
week IKICAL STER _OP TICON.
i Saturday ..". .... . Honorary- School Children's Day
. . — GENE HAL .ri DM IS SI ON —
. Adults, lOc : Children, . sc.
I CHUTES.
THIS' AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
Free Kites to Children To-day.
Balloon Ascension ny ESSIE VIOLA SUNDAY
AFTERNOON. Admission 10c. Children, mi-
i eluding Merry-go-round Bide, -sc. ■
THE PARK THEATER. 3gK_sl3'«
WM. E. JOHNS LESSEE AND MANAGER.
WM. E. J0HN5...... .LESSEE AND MANAGER.
TO-NIGHT!!! TO-NIGHT!!! TO-NIGHT! II
TO-NIGHT!! I TO-NIGHT!!! TO-NIGHT! II
GRAND OPENING! THE THEATRICAL ; EVENT! ,
SATURDAY, JUNE 20, AMERICA'S REPRESENTATIVE IRISH CO3IEDIAN,
_D __V.3ST MCCARTHY:
■•■''■ In His Great Success, the Popular Irish comedy Drama,
THE O_FLTJX U ______ ____ J____NT _-__,_-__. T7V_>tf
Supported by MISS LOT RIPLEV, the Favorite Soubrette, and the Park Theater Company, *
Including Mr. Chas. Swain. Mr George a. Wat»on, Mr. M. J. Hooley, Mr. Will D.
Stedman, Mr. Frank Cleaves, Miss Cloy Bouton, Miss Hattie Dickersou, etc. .
A GRAND SCENIC PRODUCTION !.""'-— — A FiRST-CLASS ORCHESTRA!
A Beautiful New Drop Curtain !- A New Staircase at Main Entrance!
• Luxurious Bar, Cafe, Ladies' Parlor, Etc. '■'- '
The Following Prices Will Prevail: Evening— Seats, 15c and 23c;
I Gallery, 10c. Matinee— Adults, 15c ; Children, 100.
.:-_. .^.f..vv. - - ,: ..:■-..: . .:-:--. -v.. ■_'...-.- -■.--■-<•■■-.-.-.-■.. -.'-■■' ' • • __
NEW TO-DAY.
Smouldering fires
of old disease
lurk in the blood of many a
man, who fancies himself in
good health. Let a slight
sickness seize him, and the
old enemy breaks out anew.
The fault is the taking of
medicines that suppress, in-
stead of curing disease. You
can eradicate disease and
purify your blood, if you use
the standard remedy of the
world,
Ayer's
Sarsaparilla.
I Senate will be promoted by getting into
line with their constituents oh the silver
question."
Major C. W. Kyle said he had not heard
of any desertions from the Republican
party on account of Teller's course. j
He remarked: "Silver is an industry, the
same as wheat, and the way to protect it
is to sustain the principles of protection
for which the Republican party declares.
The Colorado Senator should have re-
mained in the party to secure protection
for other industries. It was selfish to leave
j because silver was not protected in the
manner that he desired."
Grove P. Avers remarked that he had
I read the address of the silver men and was
j impressed by the tone and .logic of the
j argument. He said: "I have not heard
j of any California Renublicans leaving the
party in consequence of the attitude of
Senator Teller and his silver associates. I
fandy that the Republicans will gain as
much as they will lose. To win the fight
in this State Republicans, however, must
be vigilant and wideawake."
NEW TO-DAY— AMUSEMENTS.
AL HAYMAN & CQ.'S THEATERS.
" I_ f UST 9
I-lai _____rllJ ljA"1 «
H_i*__ll_l-,MST2'"
OALDWIN TIMES,
| Matinee To-Day. Farewell To-Night.
The Distinguished Comedian, -..". .
j 2\T-A.t c c=^oc>:__>-*_*7-_:_xr
Presenting Henry (tin- Carleton's Comedy Success,
'"-A. &lI_P3mO _F"OOI_-"
One Week Only, Beginning Monday, June 22,
IVI_E*.. JOHN DREW.
And his Ameri-an Company, presenting
"THE SO! IRE OF DAM-SSI"
The* greatest snc-
C. AT THE ,» cess ever achieved
A ! S P/"* • •*•. „f 5 It by a new com pany.
A-Ufor-NIA Matinee to-day at 2.
—»_____________________ Prices 25c and 50c.
I L. R. STOCK WELLI B Company of da-en,
including MR: H. KELCEY, MISS K. SHANNON
I and the Star Cast. '__
The same truthful story prevails everywhere.
The same truthful story prevails everywhere.
A Perfect Performance of
Tlie Homo Secretary
The mar for seats soes steadily on at the Box
Olliee. 15c, 25c, 35c, 50c and 75c.
Next Monday Prepare to Laugh—
•_?___:__: o:Fi.:__;-_r _ve____r.__s.
This is good advice— Secure your seats now.
rrtICDUWOtR.GOTTIiOD« c* U__9At»nMMtn—
A ~f OF
x ~t of
BOWER \ BEAUTY
THAT is WHAT OUR
MATINEE WILL BE TO-DAT.
THE FRAWLEY COMPANY IN THEIR BEST,
"THE CHARITY BALL."
"THE CHARITY BALL."
Monday Next, "LORD CHUMLEY" and
a "SILENT SYSTEM."
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE
M_>. cHSKStiHK Kiiklinvj, Proprietor <_Maaa;— :
hiast x\7-__s__n_:
__j-_S_ST W7EEK
Of the Triumph of the Season.
Ofthe Triumph ofthe Season.
lellinger's Melodious Romantic Comic Opera
"A STORY OF COURT AND CAMP."
A Perfect Production in Every Detail.
NEXT WEEK
NEXT-WEEK—
OUR SUMMER SPECTACLE,
"THE TRIP TO THE MOON!"
Popular Prices— 2sc and 50*3.
MOROSCO'S
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
The Handsomest Family Theater In America.
Wa_l'_K MOROSUO, Sole Leasee and Manas-:
THIS EVENING AT EIGHT,
W. J- Thompson's Ever Popular
"NEW YORK DAY BY DAY!"
DO NOT FA 1 _ TO SEE
— LESLIE 3IOROSCO— —
In the Famous Role of -'Rags."
F.VENIXn !___— i — anl **•*(•*!.
Family Circle and OaUerr. 10c -
Usual Mr..iiiee* S,".t<!r<t:".y anrt Snndi-r.
AN OUTING
AT BOHEMIA GROVE, in the Russian River
Redwoods, is the popular family event for
next SUNDAY, June 21. Leave via 7:30
a. K. Tiburon ferry. Take, basket lunch.
Locke's special train. Reserved seat tickets at
333 O'Farrell st. daily from 1 to 9 p.m. The
round-trip fare $1 25 ; children under 12, 65c
Unreserved seat tickets at ferry Sunday morn-
ing. . Don't miss it. "
PRESIDIO ATHLETIC GROUNDS.
. PRESIDIO ATHLETIC GROUNDS.
SUNDAY, June 21, at 2:30 P. M.
PACIFICS VS. IMPERIALS.
I
PICNICS AND* EXCURSIONS.
PICNICS AND EXCURSIONS.
PERSONALLY CONDUCTED
1 Excursion to Mt. Shasta
And V'rfnlty in Pullman Buffet Sleepers. .'.-.
£*< WS r~=s ;____: ,l£p__l=E [llggffgj
Ism. **-_*• '■■ww -~»-* %-**r «rr —str a__:
; Mr. Win. H. Menton, Excursion Pa*».Agt.
Mr.Wm. H. Menton, Excursion Pass. Agt.
S. P. Co., in _harge.
; SATURDAY..... .' JUNE 30
Leave from Ferry Landing, foot of Market
street, at 8 P. M. -'
ROUND-TRIP TICKET, C__tT /^~"\
INCLUDING BERTH, >_PJLv_-/
Returning, arrive at San Francisco Monday
following at 7:15 A. M.
For further, information as to itinerary, meals
en route, etc., apply at
GRAND HOTEL TICKET OFFICE,
. . .^:. ■-,, ..' 613 Market Street, S. F.
78
REST COMES TO
JADED TEACHERS
Pupils, Too, Joyfully Hail
the Midsummer
Vacation.
VACANT SCHOOLHOUSES.
Happenings Yesterday Charac
teristic of the End of
the Term.
FRESH BOUQUETS FOE BABCOCK
Chi dren May Now Lay Aside Books
for Six Weeks and Enjoy
for Six Weeks and Enjoy
Themselves.
Themselves.
The midsummer vacation of the public
schools of San Francisco has come at last,
and now for a period of six weeks the
thousand jaded teachers and the thirty
live thousand diligent pupils will have an
opportunity lor a much-needed rest and
recreation.
The close of the term yesterday was^'oy
fully hailed in all the primary, grammar
and high schools, each of which is now de
serted by the teachers and children and
left to the care of the janitors. Superin
tendent Babcock held his usual afternoon
levee in his office at the City Hall and was
the recipient of numerous fragrant and
beautiful bouquets brought him from
trailing lady teachers, in recognition of
his kind and courteous treatment.
BUSINESS NIGHT SCHOOL.
Its Closing Exercises Yesterday In
Odd Fellows' Hal.
Director C. A. Murdock presided last
evening at the closing exercises of the
Business Evening School, E. C. Kilpat
rick principal, in Odd Fellows' Hall. Fol
lowing is the programme:
Espanita waltzes, B. E. S. orchestra, Professor
E. W. Piquet leader; salutatory, Louis Miller;
quartet. "Moonlight on the Lake," D. D. Con
nolly. R. Keene, R. Pontflcq, William Nanker
vis; recitation, Clementine Schnabel; song,
Charles I'ink'iam ; banjo solo, Professor E. W.
Piquet, Miss A. Miller accompanist: remarks,
Thomas R.Knox, Board of Education; selec
tions, Proiessor Graeber's banjo, guitar and
mandolin class; vocal solo, Charles E. A.
Creighton Miss C.Meyer accompanist; recita
tion, Miss 11. Hoejt; quartet, "More and
More"; valedictory, John T. Kelly; class song,
girls of '96; presentation of diplomas.
There was a good attendance, and every
thing passed on pleasantly. The commit
tee of arrangements was composed of:
Thomas J. Mullin, chairman; A. E. Roberts,
treasurer; J. J. Clifford, James S. Irving. Wil
liam F. Lannon, Don Sutherland, Harry A.
Burke. Charles A. E. Creighton, George I). Gil
bert, Rudolph Ruff, J. G. Morrison, William S.
J. Brown, Daisy G. O'Reilly, Sadie A. Larkin,
Amelia K. Nelson, Christine Daly, Johanna
Meyer, Kfcthyrine Foley, Elma H. Krenz, Nellie
Richardson and Kate Sloan.
The students acting as a reception com
mittee were : ;■ -;":-•■•'
Herman Lederer, William F. Lannon, D. J.
Horgan, Robert Shord, Thomas Mulligan, C.
W. de Guerre, James 8. Irving, J. IV". Olney,
Fred Moon. Carols Meyer, Daisy G. O'Reilly,
Ziear.or Keefe, May McKiilop, Belle McGacn,
Matilda Dncker, Etta Cassel, Martha Ososke
auJ John Keogan.
THE BROADWAY GRAMMAR.
A Patriotic School of the Latin
Quarter.
Following is the list of graduates of the
Broadway Grammar School, presided over
by Miss Jean Parker:
Lenore Balleto. Mary Campodonlco, Amelia
Cattermole, Ina Collins. Alicia Cuenca, Eliza
beth Cuneo, Lillian Dean, Constance Fisher,
fcusan Jordan, Rose Lercari, Lucia Mojico,
Elvira P-iredes, I. llian Pedrotia. Komilda Ped
rotta, Dozolina Raggio, Annette Richert, Kath
erine Ryder, Tillie Schlitter, Minnie Schreiner,
Madeline Strohi, Anita Sullivan, May Turn-
Mad, India Wilson, Louise Zueger, Claudine
ZabulJana.
Deputy Superintendent Stone presided
at the closing exercises and distributed the
diplomas, the medals being given out to
the honoraries by the principal. Following
is the programme:
Salutation, Madeleine Strohi; songs, "Drink
to Me Only," "The Lark," "Every Night,"
eighth and ninth grades; "History of the Calen
dar," I:ia Collins; "Beginning of the Year,"
Susan Jordan; "Before and Alter the Rain,"
May Turnblad; "A Group of Months," Alicia
Cuenca; -June," Lenore Balleto; "Corn Song,"
Mary Campodonico; "Thou Art, O God eighth
and ninth grades; "End of the Year," Con
stance Fisher; "Our Unter," Annette Richert;
"Two Winter Pictures," Louis Zueger; songs,
"Blow, Blow,"' "Sun Smiles," "Rosebud," ninth
grade; song, "Good-by to Broadway," ninth
grade.
The "History of the Calendar" was a
novel idea. It explained the meaning of
the names of the months, the signs of the
zodiac and the seasons. The story was in
prose with poetical and musical illustra
tions. The walls of the classrooms were
literally covered with meritorious draw
ings by the pupils in pencil, pen and ink,
charcoal and colors. A characteristic of
the Broadway Grammar, which is for girls
exclusively, is its cosmopolitan character.
Its 800 pupils include representatives of
all the Latin races, and they are especially
notable for their patriotism.
COLUMBIA GRAMMAR.
The Closing Programme and List of
Graduates.
Mrs. Lizzie K. Burke is principal of the
Columbia Grammar School. Following
are the programme and list of graduates:
Son*, "Cheer Boys," the school; salutatory,
Martin Boredori; selection from "The Bohe
mian Girl," four girls; composition, "Country
Life." Ada Code: tinging, (a) "My Four
Friends," (6) "Round," (<•■ "I Would Be a Sailor
Free," Fifth grade; "The Minuet," Esther Du
bois; song, "Beautiful Isle of tbe Sea," Lulu
Mat.-.-.; dialogue, "Teacher Wanted," Ninth
grade boys; song, "Peter Piper," the school;
"Drake's Address to the American Flag,"
ninth grade girls; selection from "Fra Dia
volo." seven boys; composition, "Holidays."
Walter Neal; singing, (a) "To the West," (6)
"Faintly Flow Thou Falling River," (c) "Jolly
Boys," sixth _rade: recitation, "Robert of
Sicily,"' C. Hunter; duet, "Larboard Watch,"
Lulu Magee, Clara Hunter; recitation, "Joe,"
Annie Gallagher; distribution of diplomas;
song, "HalL Happy Day," the school.
Graduates— Annie Gallagher, Irene Pender
gast. Amelia Johanson, Bertha Traeger, Ida
Krajewskl, Lydia Krull, Rosetta Rosenberg,
Minnie Augerstien, Camilla Duclos, Maggie
Fitzpatrick, Clara Hunter, Louisa Polka, John
Stewart, Martin Boradori, Dales Tripp, Walter
Neal, Leopold Rlssman, Emil Johnson, John
Clove.
PRIMARY SCHOOLS.
Closing Exercises ofthe Hawthorne,
Falrmount and Douglass.
The following programme was given
yesterday by the pupils of the Hawthorne
Primary:
Recitation, "Obedience," Miss Tompkins'
class: "Candy Song," Miss Lynch's and Miss
Whalley's clones; song. "Why Do You Come
to My Apple Tree," Miss Lynch's class; class
recitation, "Grandfather's Spectacles," . Miss
Hairold's class;, song, "The Village Dance,"
Miss Ewing's and Miss Harrold's classes; reci
tation, "OneMfternoon," Arthur Keefe of Miss
Kwiug's class; solo and chorus, "Kiss Me Good
Night," Loris Dickman and Miss wing's class ;
salute and song, "Guard Our Flag," Miss Crow
ley's class: class recitation, "How the Little
Kite Learned to Fly," Mrs. Bonelli's class:
song, "Now I Lay Me," Alma Jourden, Alice
Bean, Pauline Vermeil, Elsie Geilfuss and
Ethel Beam, Mrs. Bonelli's class; recitation,
"Jack," George Atkinson, Miss McLean's class;
two-part song, by note. Miss Smith's class;
recitation, "Liberty and Union," Bonnie
Bevis, Miss Smith's class; song, "The Poppies
and the Clover,' Miss Smith's and Mrs. Wil
liams'classes; recitation, "Granny's Come to
Our House," Dwight Clark, Mrs. Williams'
class; two-part song, by note, Mrs. Williams'
class; presentation of certificates. Dr. <". A.
Clinton, acting president and member Board
of Education; Hawthorne School song,
Miss Smith's and Mrs. Williams' classes.
Interesting closing exercises were held
also at the Fairmount Primary. Patriotic
selections were a feature and the several
songs, recitations and dialogues -vere well
performed by the children who took part.
Following is a list of the graduates of
the Douglas Primary;
Agnes White, Mertie Fletcher, Michael Ru
donick, Sophronia Thompson, Edna Wilson,
Elise Muller, George Pterin, Mable Ordway,
Lizzie Murphy, Martha Piasec.a, Rosie Solafi,
Alfred Jackson. May Bauer, Laura Chis
holm, Norman Nichols, Robert Gray, Fred
Pfleger, Herbert Guilford, Emil Muller,
Thomas Norton, Moritz Wolff, Lester Bovyer,
Walter Scott, William Purnford, Oievine
riant, Lilly Akman, Henry Nichols, Viola Bal
zarina, James Hurl, Jane Hood, Annie Brown,
Emily Glaser, Richard Guldbech, Lillie Schlie
mann, Clarence Wells, Allie Finlayson, Ellen
Kenny, Mary Hurl. Charles Wright, Gertie
Bauer, Herbert Leathe and Earle Edmonds.
The programme of closing exercises in
cluding songs, dialogues, addresses, etc.,
was pleasing and creditably carried out by
the children.
Barbers' Annual Picnic.
There was a large attendance at the meeting
of the Barbers' Association of California last
night and a great deal of important business
disposed of. The association will give its an
nual picnic and sharing contest Sunday, June
28, at Germanla Gardens. Harbor View, which
promise to be as great a success as its previ
ous entertainment, and the committee of ar
rangements Is now bard at work to make it
the event of the season.
The Pacific Coast Steamship Company's Mexico as She Will Appear When Overhauled and Made Into
a Practically New Steamer. She Will Then Be the Pride of the Fleet.
[Sketched by a "Call" artist.]
DEFEATED THE RAILROAD.
Important Decision of the Court
of Appeals in Two Land
Grant Cases.
Several Million Acres Indirectly In-
Possibility of Fur-
ther Litigation.
Judges McKenna, Gilbert and Hawley
of the Court of Appeals handed down an
important decision yesterday in the case
of the Southern Pacific Railway Company
against Nathaniel Bray and David 11.
Brown of Ban Bernardino County, involv
ing the title to certain lands held by the
defendants: Judge Hawley delivered the
opinion of the court.
In the litigation just ended only 300
acres are involved, but the principle of
law established practically settles the title
to several million acres of land hitherto
claimed by the Southern Pacific. The
suits were "originally brought by the rail
road on the ground that the defendants
held the the title in trust for the company.
The real question for decision was
whether the lands patented to Brown and
Bray passed by or were excluded from the
grant made by Congress to the Southern
Pacific Company under the provisions of
the "act to incorporate the Texas Pacific
Railroad Compauy, and to aid in the "con
struction of its road and for other pur
poses," which act was approved March 3,
1871.
It seems that Brown and Bray settled
on the disputed lands in 1878. Nine years
prior to that time Deputy United States
Surveyor Reynolds surveyed what is
known as the Jurupa grant in San Bernar
dino County, but it was never accepted by
the Government. Some years later one
Minto surveyed the same property, the
results attained by him differing mater
ially from the returns made by Reynolds.
When the action against Brown and
Bray was brought, it was argued that the
western boundary of the Jurupa Rancho
should be the rock on which the title to
the disputed property should rest. If the
the Reynolds survey was correct, then the
title of the railroad company could not be
disputed.
An action was accordingly instituted in
the United States Circuit Court, the South
ern Pacific contending that no one ever
claimed that the boundary of the Jurupa
Rancbo extended further west than toe
west line surveyed by Reynolds. The de
fense held that Minto's survey was offi
cial, and -consequently their title to the
land was from the Government and not
the railroad. The lower court held the
same opinion, whereupon the case was
carried to the Court of Appeals. That
tribunal now sustains the Circuit Court
and orders a judgment to be entered in
favor of Brown and Bray, the railroad to
pay all costs.
• • »
CHUTES TO-DAY.
The Height-Street Grounds Open Satur-
day and Sunday.
The chutes will be open this afternoon
and evening, and also to-morrow from 10
in the morning till 11 at night. Every
child who goes into the grounds to-day
will be given a Japanese kite.
To-morrow afternoon Essie Viola will
make a balloon ascension and parachute
drop. The scenic railway and new
pavilion are rapidly Hearing completion,
and there will be a grand reopening of the
grounds on the Fourth of July.
•— ♦ —
Sheriff's Sale of Dry Goods.
The entirely new stock of imported silks,
dress goods, linens, domestics and fancy goods,
ladies', gents' and children's hosiery and un
derwear, purchased within the last few months
for the new store of James M. Moran & Co
1009 to 1015 Market street, will be sold at 45
cents on the dollar. Sale will begin Monday,
June 22, at 9 a. m. to 6 p.m.. Bale will con
tinue until all sold. By order of court, depart
ment No. 3. Richard I. Whelan, Sheriff. • ,
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JUNE 20, 1896.
RESCUED THEM
JUST IN TIME.
Two Fishermen Picked Up
When Their Boat Was
Sinking.
BY THE CITY OF PARA
The Mexico Is Being Over-
hauled and Made Into a
New Steamer.
BREAKDOWN ON THE OAKLAND
She Drifted Around in the Bay Help-
less for Over Half an
Hour.
The Pacific Coast Steamship Company
is practically making a new vessel out of
the steamer Mexico. New masts are be-
' ing put in and her. upper works renewed.
Her machine; is being overhauled, and all
i the upholstering is being replaced. The
passenger accommodation is being in-
creased, and when everything is completed
the Mexico will be one of the best vessels
in the company's fleet.
The Pacific .Mail Company's City of Para
sailed for Panama and way ports in charge
I of Captain Crowell yesterday. When pass-
in over the bar an overturned fishing
boat, with twomen clingingto the bottom,
was sighted. Captain .McCollocb, the
pilot, drew Captain Crowell's attention to
the fact, and the steamer was at once
stopped. A boat was lowered, and the
men taken off. It was only just in time,
however, as before the rescue party got
back to the City of Para the fishing-smack
! sank.
At first Captain Crowell Intended put
| ting the men aboard the pilot-boat, but
| when the tug Sea Queen hove in sight he
j signaled her and Captain Ike Smith at
| once agreed to bring the men to the City.
j When their boat went down the fisher-
men lost their all. When they capsized
| they had a good catch of rockcod aboard
| for yesterday's market, so that they not
j only lost their boat and all its equipment
but the result of two days' hard fishing.
The ferry-boat Oakland, while on the 7
a. M. trip to San Francisco yesterday,
broke her rudder chain and drifted around
for half an hour. After considerable
maneuvering she was got around and the
other rudder was used. There was con-
siderable excitement aboard, but it was
soon allayed when the extent of the dam
i age was made known. The Oakland was
crowded, as the business people who live ■
I on the other side of the bay usually come j
over on that trip. I
There was a big crowd of school children
j and their relatives and friends on Clay
j street wharf yesterday. They all expected
to go on a pleasure trip to Angel Island
i on the steamer McDowell, but the vessel
j was otherwise engaged, so no 10:30 a.m.
' run was made. The men who came from
j Fort Canby on the State of California had
I to be taken to their destination and it took
tbe steamer all day transporting them
from the Oregon dock to Alcatraz and
Ansel Island.
The Pioneer Yacht Club held its second
annual regatta last Thursday. The fleet
was composed of the Volunteer, Nellie,
Ethel S, Pride, San Vincent. Amy, Emma,
Elia, Dread Naught, Maluna, Encinai and
Angelina. After a cruise around the bay
the party landed at Angel Island and
spent a most enjoyable time. There were
boatraces for men and women and run-
ning-races on the sand. The half-mile
rowing-race for ladies was won by Miss
Lottie Welch, the half-mile race for men
by M. King and the race for skippers by
the captain of the Ethel S.
The running race lor ladies was won by
Mrs. Welch, and that for men by Dave
| Dean. The runuins high jump was won
by Barney Jones, and the tug-01-war, club
men vs. non-members, was won by the
former. The target practice was a source
of great amusement. Each contestant
was blindfolded and given a brace and bit.
STliey had to keep turning the brace and at
the same time walk toward the target.
Miss May Drushell got within twenty feet
of the center and won the first prize. The
others wandered in all directions and had
i to be brought back to the starting-point.
j Everybody voted the affair a most enjoy- i
I able one, and gave three hearty cheers for
Commodore Kendall when it was all over.
The raisine of tne Blairmore is still a
problem that is worrying Captains Burns
and Whitelaw. Pumping and hauling
was kept up until 10 o'clock last night,
and then the tired men were given a rest.
Yesterday another new pump was pur-
chased and to-day was occupied in placing
it in position. It all goes well another at-
tempt will be made to-morrow, and if it
fails everybody will be - almost ready :to
give up in despair. If the sunken vessel's
stern can be raised all will go well. If not,
not all the tugs in the bay can move her.
Tee steamer Newport, which arrived
from Panama last Thursday, will have to
be overhauled before she can go out on
another trip. Her machinery broke down
on the run from New York, and it
took two weeks at Panama to net it in
anything like working order again. Per
manent repairs will be made at the Union
Iron Works and the vessel will then be as
good as new.
The Alameda is full of cargo for Aus
tralian ports, and yesterday ; sne stopped
receiving. There is not an ounce of Ha
waiian freight in her, so there will be a
full load for the Australia on her return.
CADETS' REUNION.
St Bridget's Branch of the League of
the Cross Will Give a
Day's Outing.
Day '» Outing.
The League of the Cross Cadets of St.
Bridget's. Paiish will give a grand pic
nic and parish reunion at Schuetzen Park
on Tuesday, June 23. The cadets will de
vote the proceeds toward the erection of a
beautiful stained-glass window in tbe
new St. Bridget's Church.
The window will be a worK of art. The
cadets of the parish have a large member
ship of young men, and when the founda
tions of the new place of worship were
laid they determined to be represented in
it. They organized the parish picnic, and
will devote the proceeds to that end.
The friends of the cadets have gener
ously come to their aid and donated many
valuable prizes for the winners in the va
rious contests. The company will give
various exhibitions of their military train
ing. They have prepared a programme of
special interest.
To Testify Against Peralta Keavi-i.
Andreas Sandoval, Ramon Valencia, R. C.
Hopkins, Mrs. and Miss Bridger, in charge of
Deputy United States Marshal Moffit, left for
Santa Fe, N. M., yesterday, where they will ap
pear as witnesses in the celebrated Peralta
Reavis land swindle suit. The case is set for
June 23. Sandoval and Valencia are expected
to turn Slate's evidence.
Dropped Dead on the Street.
Edward Sproule, a butler, well known from
the fact that he has served in the families of
a number of the richest men in the city,
dropped dead at Van Ness anil Walnut avenues
yesterday morning. He wan on his way to the
residence of Theodore F. Payne, where he was
employed, when he suddenly sank to the
ground and expired.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
September, 1891— City. The 18th of Sep
tember, 1891, fell on a Friday. , •
PENSiONS-Fourth Street, City. In England
the pension dies with the pensioner.
Perpetual pensions were abolished by an act
of Parliament about four years ago.
New Yobk to Southampton— ll. D., City.
The fastest passage from New York to South
ampton was made by the steamer Furst Bis
mark of the Hamburg line September 21 to 28,
1893. Time, 0 days 10 hours and 55 minutes.
The English of It— A. S., City. The explan
ation of the term 10 to 1 was given in this de
partment in The Call of the 30th of last Mar.
•The English of 10 to 1" is that in coinage
sixteen grains of pure silver are equal in value
to one grain of pure gold. ""**', y ; ;
An Advertisement— Curiosity, Oakland, CaL
The figures alluded to in your communication
are intended to draw attention loan adver
tisement to appear at some future time, and
what they refer to cannot be advertised in this
department.
To Vote— W. F. M., Napa, Cal. By an error
of transcription from notes it was stated in a
recent answer Riven in this department that a
residence of six months was required in a
county in thin State to enable au elector to
cast his vote; it should have been fhree
months, or, to be more exact, ninety days.
Naval Training School— Boy Reader, San
Jose, Cal. Your question in regard to the naval
training school to be established on Goat isl
and lias been answered several times in this
department. As yet nothing has been done.
Just as soon as any definite information can
be obtained in the matter it will be given
through the columns of The Call.
Delegates at Large— C. If. 8., City, in the
make-up of a National nominating convention
each State sends two delegates from each Con
gressional district, and four or more delegates
at large. These delegates have no more power,
so far as votes are concerned, than the other
delegates, but they generally lead the delega
tion. Their duties are the same as those of the
ordinary delegates, namely, to assist in nomi
nating a candidate for the Presidency and one
for the Vice-Presidency.
Sacramento County Vote— O. 8., City. The
vote of Sacramento County for Presidential
Electors in 1856 was: For James Buchannan,
Democrat, 3438; for J. C. Fremont, Repub
lican, 941; for Millard Fillmore, American
Party, 3386. The total vote of the State was
110,438. In 1860 the vote of that county for
Presidential Lectors was: For A. Lincoln, Re
publican, 2670; for Stephen A. Douglass, In
dependent Democrat. 2836; for J. C. Brecken
ridge, Democrat, 1864. and for John Bell,
Constitutional Union, 352. The total vote of
the State that year was 119,868. In 1856 the
vote of Saeramentto County was 7765: in 1860
it was 7542.
The Lick School— A. M. V., City. The Cali
fornia School ot Mechanical Arts, commonly
called the Lick School, was founded by James
Lick and' endowed with $640,000, its object
being "to educate males and females in the
practical arts of life, such as workers in wood,
iron and stone, or any of the metals, and in
whatever industry intelligent mechanical
skill now is or can hereafter be applied." such
institution to be opened to all youths born in
California. The academic buildings and shops
are located at the corner of Sixteenth (Center
street) and Utah streets, one mile south
of the new City Hall and one blocK east of Po
trero avenue, accessible by Ninth and Tenth
streets and Potrero avenue. Application for
admission to the school and for information as
to the rules and regulations should be made to
George A. Merrill, the principal.
Duke of Marlborough— Fourth Street, City.
The prasent Dues of Marlborough does not
draw a Government' pension, but his wife
allows him one. Marlborough House was
named for one of the early dukes of that name,
but the present duke never resided in that
house, which is the residence of the Prince of
Wales.
There was a pension granted to the great
Duke of Marlborough about 1807 and to his
heirs in perpetuity, the amount being some
£4000 a year. When the ; perpetual pensions
were aDolished there was a commutation in
tne shape of a lump sum, which was placed in
the hands of trustees for the family of tne pen
sioner, as was done with all other perpetual
pensions. The Duke was also given ihe royal
manors of Woodstock and the "hundred" of
Wooton In Oxfordshire and Queen Anne
caused the Palace of Blenheim to be built.
MADE HER LIFE
A LITTLE HELL.
Domestic Shortcomings of
a Kearny-Street
Druggist.
HE WAS HOT-TEMPERED
Locked His Wife Out of Doors
if She Dared to Disobey
Him.
MARRIED ONLY FOUR YEARS.
Judge Seawell Allowed Mrs. Gerdes
Judge Seawell Allowed Mrs. Gerdes
Alimony Pending Hearing of
• Her Suit.
Judge Seawell yesterday ordered Henry
G. Gerdes to pay his wife, Alvisa A. Gerdes,
$50 a month alimony, pending the trial of
a suit for divorce .which Mrs. Gerdes
entered on June 10, Gerdes is also com
manded to pay his wife $20 for expenses
incurred In bringing the suit, $50 alimony
and $75 on account of her counsel fees, on
or before July 1. On the day the trial of
the case begins, he must also pay her an
additional $125 for counsel fees.
Mrs. Gerdes' complaint tells a woeful
story of domestic infelicity. Her maiden
name was Alvisa A. Patterson. On Decem
ber 23, 1892, she was married to Henry G.
Gerdes, the druggist, whose place of
business is cat the corner of Pine and
Kearny streets. For the past three years,
the complaint alleges, the husband has
been guilty of willful neglect, failure to
provide the common necessities of life,
and of cruelty. YY -...:-;
Mrs. Gerties claims' that her husband has
a violent temper which he makes noeffort
to control when at home, and that be takes
fiendish delight in harassing her and hu
miliating her in the presence of others.
She says that during the past three years
the druggist has refused her permission to
leave their home at any time, and lias also
refused to allow her to have any visitors,
saying that he would "throw any visitor
out of the house."
The complaint further recites how Mr.
Gerdes has on several occasions left his
home without informing his wife as to
where he was going and absented himself
several days much to her distress. On
one occasion he absented himself while
sbe lay helpless on a sick bed.
When Mrs. Gerdes saw fit to go out in
defiance of her husband's commands, she
says he locked her out of the house. On
April 1, 1896, Mr. Gerdes brought his
niece, Clara Gerdes, to live at his home,
despite the plaintiff's protests, and there
she has resided ever since.
The last act of the whole play of cross
purposes was witnessed on May 23, last,
when, the wife alleges, the compounder
of prescriptions called her vile names and
attempted to strike her. Being afraid of
physical injury, she left him and applied
for a divorce.
The case will come up for trial after
Judge Seawell's vacation. Gerdes has
$1500 in bank, property on Castro street
and the income from the drugstore is $250
a month. Y-.Y^'Y. Y!Y -*"".
Dodson in Trouble Again.
Beverley Dodson, the colored contractor, Is
in trouble again. Ho has a gang of men at
work on California avenue, and among them
was Sam McCoy and George Botden. The lat
ter asked for their money on Thursday as they
did not want to eat at Dodson's boarding-house.
The contractor either did not or would not Day
them, and a row ensued in which a club and a
revolver figured. McCoy and Bolden were
arrested for threats against life and the con
tractor for carrying a concealed weapon.
Salt for Damages.
Cassie A. Graham has sued P. E. O'Hair and
Eliza M. Hubbard, owner and tenant of the
building at 135 Fourth street, for $15,250
iamages for injuries sustained by plaintiff by
reason of falling into a blind cellar on the
fourth-street premises.
Jane's Hard I/uck.
Jane Simpson, who borrowed a sealskin coat
from a female friend and then sold it forsl,
was yesterday sentenced to three months in
the County Jail by Judge Wallace. As she has
been in confinement for four months awaiting
trial Bhe will have dearly earned the dollar.
PARALYSIS AS A RESULT OF
NERVOUSNESS.
From the News, Indianapolis, Ind.
McCordsville Is a quiet little village sixteen
miles northeast of Indianapolis. Here lives,
in a modest cottage with her parents, a patient
sufferer whose afflictions, borne without a
murmur, have been known to all the country-
side. Her name is Anna Nagley, and this is
the story as she tells it:
•'I was a healthy, happy child. Four years
; ago last May I became partially paralyzed and
I by January, 1892, I was utterly helpless and
! lv bed. I lay until April.. I had the best
! medical attendance that could be procured,
I but nothing could be done for me. One day I
chanced to see an article in a paper, a state-
ment from a man who had been cured by Wil
liams' Pink Pills for Pale People. His symp-
toms and sufferings as he described them
corresponded to my own. I resolved to try the
pills. They were not on sale in McCordsville
and I sent to Mr. Quigley, a druggist at Green
field, y-w- - '
"My limbs from my hips down were cold
and numb. Though wrapped in hot blankets
and vigorously rubbed Kith liniments, the cir
culation of the blood could not be kept up.
The dose is one pill for each meal, to be in-
creased to three. I be.an with three. I said
to myself, 'The doctors have no hope for me,
so here goes three at a clip.' My improvement
was as rapid as it was wonderful. * By the
fourtn or fifth day my limbs were moist and
warm and I felt that my blood was stirring. I
took several boxes of tne pills. In the mean
time I got up and began to walk about, and
this was the first walking alone and without
a crutch that I had done for two years. From
95 pounds my weight rose to 117 ponnds, and
I could walk as well as anyone. I washed and
ironed and did the housework. The doctors
i were all puzzled. They neither understood
I my sickness nor my recovery.
"My experience has made Williams' Pink
j Pills for Pale People known to others, and
i many have used them and been cured. Mr.
Haskell, a neighbor here, partially paralyzed,
has been made well and able to work*. So
has Mr. Kimberiin and several others. W.
Uardman, an attorney at the neighboring
town of Pendleton, was partially paralyzed
following an attack of grip. He was scarcely
able to walk, even with crutches. The Pink
Pills have cured h.m. My father, James W.
Nagley, 05 years old, was so nervous he
could not hold a cup in his hand. The Pink
Pills have restored him. Mrs. Ellas Marsh of
Greenfield, who | suffered from rheumatism for
ten years and was almost helpless, has been
cured by Williams' Pink Pills lor Pale People.
I know of others, but I considered my case
the most remarkable of any of them, as it was
paralysis caused by the giving way of the
nervous system."
Dr. Williams' Pink Pills contain, in a con-
densed form, all the elements necessary to
give new life aud richness Ito the blood and
restore shattered nerves. They are an unfail-
ing specifio for ■*___ 'diseases as locomotor
ataxia, partial paralysis, St. Vitus' dance,
sciatica, neuralgia, rheumatism, nervous head
ache, the after effect of la grippe, palpitation
of the heart, pale and sallow complexions, all
forms of weakness. either in male or female.
Pink P'lls -* are sold by all dealers, or will be
sent post paid on receipt of price (50 cents 4
box, or six boxes for. $2 50— they are never
sold in bulk or by the 100) by addressing Dr.
"Williams' Medicine Company, Schenectady,
N. Y. *-■
THE CORKERS' OUTING.
Athletic Sports and a Good Time on
, Bakers Beach.
The second outing of the "Corkers" was
held last Sunday at Bakers Beach, and it
was a most successful affair.
The weather was pleasant, and the
members availed themselves of the op-
portunity of having a good day's hilarity.
The lunch was prepared by the royal
caterer of the Corkers, Stephen Poggie,
who was ably assisted by the stewards,
Jim Lewis, Jackson Warren and Joe Mat-
tesun. After lunch, of which all the
members did justice, the following games
took place:
The first on the programme was a
wrestling match between Tom Finnerty,
the heavy-weight of the River Express,
and Pat Grace. Grace won first fall, and
in the excitement incident to the second
fall the contestants rolled over on the
beach until a bic roller from the ocean j
took all the. ardor out of them. Jack
Bendevidas challenged the winner to meet
him at the next outing. The next, event
was throwing the hammer, between Al |
Delehanty and Sam Eldridge, which was !
won by Delehanty, who beat Eldridge by
two feet. The next was a running race,
100 yards, between Winfield, Garrett, j
Wiikie, Michaels, O'Connell and Petsch, j
which was won by Wiikie in llj^ seconds.
The jury ping match was contested by ,
Billy Dwyer, Lewis, Poggie, Vebellen and j
Petsch, and was won by Dwyer by 2 feet. i
The tug-of-war between the married and
single men was well contested and was
won by the married men. . The baseball j
game, was won by the single men, and !
tneir success was due to the battery work
of Bendevidas and Lob. Score 13 to 6.
Following the games the Corkers' favo-
rites, Thomas and Brower, sang several I
duets, followed by the Corkers' Quartet, J
Love, Ford, Loh and Bendevidas, which
was well received, as also the Kindergar-
ten Quartet, Eddie Herbert, Boyle, Johnnie i
O'Connell and Jimmie Garrett. The !
Corkers started for home well pleased with I
their second outing.
The following members were present:
Henry Stelling, Stephen Poggie, Thomas
Garrett, _». P. Grace, Sam Eldridge, A.
Wiikie, Thomas O'Connell, James Lewis,
Thomas Finnerty, William Love, A. Brow-
er, M. Thomas, James Vebellen, William |
Dwyer, J. Boyle, J. Matteson, Thomas
Ford, J. Bendevidas, E. Winfield, Jackson
Warren, P. Michaels, Henry Petsch, Al I
Delehantv, Jack Loh, James Garrett, E. K.
Boyle, Herb Boyle, J. O'Connell. The
next outing will be held the first Sunday
in August.
Change of Name of a Steamship Line
In order to avoid misunderstanding the
Panama Railroad Company has changed the
official title of the line of steamers plying be
tween New York and Colon from the •'Colum
bian Steamship Line" to the "Panama Rail
road Steamship Line.'' '"'• V '• r
Divorce and Alimony.
Sarah Herzog was yesterday granted a di
vorce from Lewis Herzog on the ground of
cruelty. Judge Seawell ordered the defendant
to pay $10 a month toward the support of the
minor children.
THE SUNDAY CALL
l r i "fe ' ii
THE NEWSPAPER THAT GOES INTO THE HOMES OF ALL.
THE NEWSPAPER THAT GOES INTO THE HOMES OF ALL.
The California Bathing Girl at All the California Beaches.
Quartered Like the Roman Tribunes.
Wonderful Cases of Human Hibernation.
As the Conductor Sees It — The Other Side of the Trolley
Question.
Shamus O'Brien at Cambridge.
Like Rudyard Kipling's Mowgli.
What the End of the World Will Be.
How It Feels to Be a Lady Burglar.
v The Very Newest Woman.
What Some Women Wear and Most Women Would Like to
Wear.
My Ancient Mariner.
The Grave of John Brown's Son.
N How Racoon Straits Were Named.
Elevators That Turn Corners.
Edison Says We Will All Soon Be Flying.
A Lesson in Ancient History.
That Wonderful Baby Artist.
Baird's Advice on High Jumping.
, — — - — ■ — ■ — — - — Y-Yy.: ' yyy'
Choice Bits of Irish Humor.
The Family Affairs of City Birds.
A New Tree for California.
When Pugilism and Journalism Were Closer Friends Than
Now. ',
. A Corner for the Whist Players.
New Things for Men to Wear.
"THE CALL" SPEAKS FOR ALL,
"THE GALL" SPEAKS FOR ALL,
t .
SEW -TO-DAY.
I ~"~~
_-__i--OAft__S9"iOO-8909t#
e©o©©©©o©©©©99©oo©©©o©©*
5 *", Gail Borden
9 Perfect ■ \. _ •
| infant Eagle Brand |
1 Food Condensed Milk 2
• "Infant Health," is i little book of ©
© great value that is seatFREE on appli- •
© cation. \ J
% N. Y. Condensed Milk Co. ©
©71 Hudson Street, \ Hew York •
W _,_,_,_>_,_,_,_>__k_k_t_k_i_i_i_l
_k_> «•-«•.•••_••■■
— — _^13_?9 ** a\J_B_Br_— — — — ft— BP^JL
CLEVELAND
CLEVELAND \
Stands ior all that can be desired in th*
HIGHEST-GRADE Bicycles.
PRICE $100.
CRESCENT
Stands for the BEST »75 Bicycle in th«
market.
; OUB HIGH-ART BICYCLES, '»_
MODEL, at $47.50, are appreciated
and selling rapidly.
BOYS' AND MISSES' WHEELS'
At $35, $40 and $50.
SECOND-HAND WHEELS
At $15, $20, $25. $30 and $35.
| CASH OR ISSTALIMEUTS.
LEAVITf _ BILL,
303 mm ST., S. F.
1112 BROADWAY. PHillP.
1112 BROADWAY. OAKLAND.
Gl7§&i DISEASES
«_&! If SWAYNE'S
ABSOLUTELY CTTa*-*".. OINTMENT
ABSOLUTELY CXTRKS. UINTmENT
tarn fimple application of " Swamf* Orrmirr" wHaoan
ior internal medicine, win cure any Mac of Tetter, Salt
Bhenm,Bingwonn,PilM,ltch,BorM.Plmplei.Krr„pelu,_aa
m matter kow obstinate or lon* .landing. B*M by dm «»i ia.
cr tent by mall for SO ew. 3 Bom, f1 .% Addreaa, Dm,
Qwaro - Bon, r*__4_j__,*"*a. Art j«u 4ra_^ttiß_kWILL RATIFY
THEIR PLANKS.
The Woman Suffragists'
Mass-Meeting Tues-
day Evening.
WON IN THREE PARTIES
Tabled by the Democratic Con-
vention With Hardly a
Hearing.
REVIEW OF THE CONVENTION.
In Memory of the One Hundred and
Forty-Nine Delegates Who
Were Faithful.
Were Faithful.
Next Friday- evening, June 26, the]
woman suffragists of this City and vicin- I
ity will hold a mass-meeting in Metro- I
politan Temple. Itwili be the ratification I
of the suffrage planks In the Republican, !
Populist and Prohibition platforms. Only i
the Democratic platform will Deleft out of j
the ratifying and the uncavalierly de
meanor of the Jeffersonian brotherhood at j
Sacramento this "week will doubtlessly be j
eloquently reviewed.
"However," said Miss Hay at the I
suffrage headquarters yesterday afternoon, j
"there is something Democratic we will j
ratify and that is the 149 delegates in the ;
convention that voted for us and our ;
modest plank. So coolly were we and our
40,000 petitioners set aside by the Demo
cratic party of the State of California that
we had hard work to get our cause from '
being tabled for good. Finally we got a■■
rollcall and out of 569 votes we got 149.
"So we intend to ratify the effort of
those 149 ballots, because, small as that
number is, it represents the thousands of
Democratic names among the 40,000 on our j
petition.
"One thin? we gained from our rather '
barren trio to Sacramento last week was 1
the real expression of California Democ- i
racy. There is no mistaking its tones. It
is against woman suffrage first, last and
all the time, and we need never expect any
favor from that party. But why should
emancipationists expect anything from
the Democratic party? Did it ever turn
an open ear to the cry of anything 1
or anybody for the boon of po
litical liberty? I need not allude
to the negro and the little affair
of thirty years ago. When we offered a
resolution to the convention, we took for
our text the good Jeffersonian doctrine
that 'governments derive their just powers
from the consent of the governed,' but ;
that never touched them. Possibly they :
had forgotten that such a man as Thomas j
Jefferson ever lived. However, our plank i
went overboard, and timber devoted to
'protection of labor,' 'pure food,' 'personal
and religious liberty,' 'good roads,' 'free
speech' and an indorsement of President
Cleveland with a string to it was inserted
in the Democratic platform.
"Here is a paragraph of what Miss An
thony said before the convention last
Wednesday:
Gentlemen of the Democratic Party of Cali- ;
fornia: If you can afford to do this the noble
women of this State can afford to let you do it. :
Yon are unjust and cruel to the women. Every
other party in the State has received thisdele-
gation of your citizens and has received it not
merely courteously, not merely gallantly, hut \
received it justly and have put resolutions in
their platform declaring in favor of this Jeffer
sonian doctrine of the right of consent, and ;
have thus declared they will do their part to- j
ward the rank and tile of the voters of their re- j
spective parties about the merits of this ques- i
Son of the extension of the ballot to women.
"And the gentlemen of that party tabled j
"And the gentlemen of that party tabled
the question with a bored expression on |
their laces."
Mrs. Ida __ Harper, chairman of the |
press committee, in an interview made the
following statement:
The representatives of woman suffrage had
The representatives of woman suffrage had
but one fig— t to make before the Democratic
Convention, viz. : to secure an expression on j
this question from that body. We made our
fight and won it. At the Republican, Populist
anil Prohibition conventions we expected to ■
secure planks indorsing the eleventh amend- j
ment, and we were successful. The most san
guine enthusiast had no such expectation in
regard to the Democratic Convention. Our i
object in going to the latter was twofold:
First, to prove the thoroughly non-partisan
character of the movement by treating all po- '■
litical conventions with* the same attention
and respect; second, to Insist that the Demo- i
cratic party should put itself on record in re- j
gard to this momentous question just as the I
ther conventions had done.
Our delegation to Sacramento was as strong
and representative cs it was possible to make I
it. There were twelve ladies. Three of the-,-,
Miss Anthony, Miss Shaw and Miss Hay, were 1
from the National Organization of Woman I
rage; nine of them were residents of Cali- '
fornia; five were unmarried; seven were mar- |
ried; six were mothers; four were grand- j
mothers. With the thermometer at 105 deg. |
we spared ourselves no fatigue, no exertion, \
no embarrassment. At the beginning we en-
countered a dead wall of opposition. The dele- I
gates did not throng our headquarters as at i
the other three conventions. They avoided us !
when we tried to see them. On every hand we j
were assured that while we would be politely I
treated, given seats in the convention and per-
. mitted to appear before the platform commit- '
tee, there would be .no woman suffrage plank
and do action by the convention.
Well, it was something to be assured that we '
would be treated as decently as other people 1
who attended the convention, and not discrim
inated against because we represented 20,000 1
California women who had sent their petitions '
by us, asking for the right of suffrage. A great
many men and women who did not represent ;
anything were given seats in the convention,
and women did not even have to possess a good ,
moral character in order to appear before the i
platform committee. However, we did not
propose to quibble over small matters, so we
opened up our headquarters, got out our suf- |
frage literature and badges, put on our best
clothes, provided ourselves with fans and ice- !
water and awaited event*?. A few of the lead
ing Democrats stood by us nobly, but unfortu
nately they had fights of their own on hand
and could not enter actively into ours.
finally a few delegates drifted into our
headquarters to express their support ; others
followed, and before the convention closed
quite* respectable number had called upon 1
us; iii several instances entire delegations
came end. put on the little badge. Everybody j
assured us, however, that there would be no j
plank, and very few thought it would be pos-
• Bible to bring the matter before the convention I
•to as to secure a vote. Not one of us iost an I
■'opportunity of talking with the delegates ,
•""'whenever and wherever we could find them. ;
While the general sentiment was uncompro- ,
-mi singly opposed, some «_ the men had given 1
fhenucstion no thought, and after some argu- j
ment agreed that we bad a just cause and I
• there was no valid reason why the Democrats |
"."should refuse to indorse it. Large numbers
'said that personally they had no feeling ;
against woman suffrage, but thought it would
be bad policy for the party to favor it. The
hole line of argument was that if the Demo
cratic party refused to indorse it then the en-
tire element iv the State which was opposed to
it would vote the Democratic ticket. It did
not seem to occur 10 them that every man
could stick to his own party and simply vote
"No" on the -iacndmenl.
The appointment of a platform committee of
thirty-five was unfavorable to us, as it is very-
hard to convince so large a number. A poll of
these names showed only lour or five favorable
to woman suffrage. We were allowed twenty j
minutes to present our case, not twenty mm- [
utes apiece, as some of the papers stated. The
anti-suffragists were given the same amount of
time. There were lour of them, including <>--
good Putnam of San Francisco. They at-
tempted to include James Phelan, but he in- I
dignantly repudiated them. We presented our !
petitions, bearing 40.000 names, and Miss An-
thony, Miss .-haw, Mrs. Cooper and other-.
made their eloauent pleas. We then with
drew, and the resolution was tabled almost be- 1
fore we were out of the room, without a word 1
of discussion or consideration.
The next step was to secure a minority re
port in order to bring it before the conven
tion, and we had the assurance of C. Wesley
Reed of San Francisco that tnis should be
done. He kept his word, although he also had
other lights on hand, and although he en*
dangered them by standing for woman suf
frage. This minority report, although prop
erly drawn and signed by four members of the
platform committee, including the chairman
of this committee, was "smothered" by the
secretary of the convention and its chairman,
Mr. Gould. Every other minority report was
read and acted upon by the convention. That
alone on woman suffrage was held back. In
vain Mr. Reed protested, the chairman ignored
him and called for a vote on the platform as a
whole. It was adopted with a roar, and our
tight was lost!
It was near midnight. We had sat two long
days in tbe convention, had slept but little,
were worn out and vor ■.*, very wrath At this
juncture John Irish addressed the conven
tion, stating that a very distinguished lady
was present, etc., etc., and would they hear
Miss Susan B. Anthony? Thinking it was too
late far her to do any haim, she was received
with loud applause, it is impossible to say
what Mr. Irish and the convention expected,
but they got a rebuke for allowing such action
on the part of their chairman and for treating
the women of the State in this unjust and un
democratic manner that caused a hush to
fall upon the whole body. It was a dramatic
and impressive scene, one not to be forgotten.
At its conclusion there were loud cries for
Anna Shaw. The little fighter was at the boil
ing point, but she stepped upon the platform
with a smile, and, with that sarcasm of which
she is complete mistress, she supplemented
Miss Anthony's remarks. As she stepped down,
half the convention were on their feet de
manding the minority report.
The chairman stated that it was too late for
that, but a resolution might be offered. The
original resolution was at once presented, and
then there was an attempt to take a viva-voce
vote, but our friends demanded a roll call. It
resulted in 119 ayes and 420 noes. Mr. Gould's
own county voted almost solidly in favor.
Alameda County, led by W. W. Foote, gave 32
noes and '! ayes, yet this county sent in the
largest petition lor woman suffrage of any in
the State. The vote in detail will b3 consid
ered hereafter. Suffice it to say we secured
what we went after— a vote of the convention.
The ni'-ral and political effect of this vote is
discussed by Miss Anthony in further on.
When we went out of the convention hall
into the moonlight we found James Phelan
awaiting us with several carriages, into which
we were placed with great kindness and cour
tesy by that gentleman and sent to our hotel.
1 wish it were possible to give the names of all
who stood by us so bravely in a position dim
cult for us and for tnem. We know those
names by heart, and they will be remembered.
Miss Susan B. Anthony had the follow-
Miss Susan B. Anthony had the follow
ing to say:
For the Democratic convention to give 149
votes for a woman suffrage resolution was
really a greater victory for our cause than was
the almost unanimous vote of the Republican
Convention of a month ago. The Republicans
lave from time to time, when there was no
practical issue at stake, passed favorable reso
lutions; but never before, in any State where
an amendment was pending, did any Repub
lican convention put its imprimatur upon it
until that of California, at Sacramento, on
May 5, 1S!»0. So that, Father Solomon to the"
contrary, •'something new under the sun" did
happen then, It was a great and grand step
forward that presaeed triumph fo"r us at the
polls on November 3. It was what I most ear- i
nestly hoped, but hardly dared to expect.
The Democratic party, on the other hand,
had never, either in State or National conven
tion, had a favorable resolution presented for
discussion, much less adopted, while in several
of the States, when amendments were rend
ing, resolutions most bitterly denouncing
woman suffrage have been adopted. Hence, ■
when the California Democracy at Sacramento j
allowed the presentation, discussion aud roll
call of a full-fledged woman suffrage amend
ment resolution as follows, "Believing in the
Jeffersoninndoctrine, that 'Governments derive
their just powers from the consent of the gov
erned,' the Democratic party of California, in
convention assembled, hereby expresses its
approval of amendment No. 11, conferring the
right of suffrage upon the women of the State,"
and 149 delegates shouted '-aye," lt was a
vastly longer stride forward for the Democracy
than "was the full vote of the Republicans.
Tne parties in California now stand three
with solid planks and one with a quarter of a
plank. This means that the editors and
orators of the dominant Republican party and
of the People's and Prohibition parties will, If
they write or talk against woman suffrage,
oppose one of the principles of their own
parties; and those of the other great party
will, if they oppose the amendment, go
counter to the vote, the wish and the will of
one-fourth of the members of the Democratic
Convention. . ■ YY i".-.
Hence, yon see, I am rejoiced over the
action of each and all of the State conventions
ot California, since each did splendidly con
sidering its antecedents ; and lam profoundly
grateful for the promise that these platform
utterances give tor the best of educational
help for our amendment by the bringing be
fore the rank and file of the voters a full and
free discussion of the merits of the question.
It is the first campaign during the last thirty
years in which the great Republican party has
thus pledged Itself to help us; the first time
any great daily paper like The ("all has ever
given itself to help us and the very first time
that the Democratic party has ever given us
even a fourth of a promise not to oppose us.
How can Ido other than feel sure that with
all these powers on our side victory will
perch on our suffrage banners in November
next?
The State Suffrage Association next
Tuesday will remove from 1630 Folsom
street to its new headquarters in the great
Emporium building on Market street.
The rooms selected are numbers 563, 564
and 565 on the fifth floor. One of the
apartments will be fitted as a reception
room and the others as offices for the
president and working officers.
A stenographer and typewriter will be
added to the staff of the headquarters and
the rooms kept open day and evening.
Mrs. Ida Harper, chairman of the press
committee, will be in constant attendance
to supply information. It is the intention
of all the members of the association to
remain at work until after the election in
the interest of the cause of woman's
suffrage. '
WILL HAVE THE GUARD.
The Entire Second Division "Will March
v In the Parade on the
N Fourth.
At a. meeting yesterday of the parade
committee for the Fourth of July celebra
tion it was decided to engage the entire
Second Brigade of the National Guard for
th c parade. This is composed of nineteen
companies under General Warfieid. The
sura appropriated to be paid to the guard
must, not exceed $780.
Major Charles H. Murphy of the Second
Division represented the guard at thecom
mitt?e meeting.
Major Whitesides moved that a requisi
tion of fifty carriages be made on the hacK
companies for the parade. This was
adopted. It was also resolved to appropri
ate & sum not exceeding $350 for floats,
which are to be selected by a special com
mittee of two, consisting of S. L. Lent,
president of the day, and H. P. Umbsen,
grand marshal. The recommendation of
the executive committee to engage the ser
vices of the continental army was referred
back to the committee as a recommenda
tion.
» ♦ — •
ANOTHER MURDERED BABY.
Body of a Male Infant' Found Yesterday
Afternoon. ;••"•,' 7
The body of a male baby was found in
The body of a male baby was found in
the thick brush on a vacant lot at toe cor
ner of Francisco and Larkin streets by
Policeman John F. O'Brien yesterday
afternoon. A number of newspapers were
carefully wrapped around the infant's re
mains and sufficed as a coffin.
It was evident that the child was born
alive and then smothered, or put to death
in some other brutal manner. In any
event a crime has been committed, and
the detectives who have been placed on
the case are searching high and low for
some clew vrbich will lead to the perpe
trators of the outrage.
— : — — • — *—.
Backed Dorm tha Elevator.
Backed Down tbe Elevator.
John Ring, 18 years of age, employed as a
porter at Levi Straus' factory, 32% Fremont
street, met with a bad accident late yesterday
afternoon. lie had a handtruck loaded with
wood on the sceonfl floor. and was backing
toward the elevator, which a few minutes be
fore he had left even with the landing. From
what can be learned some one must have run
the elevator down to the lower floor un Known
to the porter. When Ring reached the elevator
uriiilt he stepped backward believing the cage
to be where he left it. He discovered his mis
take when too late to recover his balance and
fell down the shaft to the floor below. Both
bines in his left arm above »he wrist were
broken and his scalp lacerated. King lives at
100 Silver street.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JUNE 20, 1896.
THE NEW WOMAN
AND THE FORCEPS.
Young Lady Graduates Talk
v About the Pulling of
Teeth.
READY FOR PRACTICE.
The Nightmare of the Dentist's
Chair Takes on a New
Charm.
THE FIRST CLASS OF LADIES.
Of the Fifty-Two in the Graduating
Class of the College of Dentistry
Class of the College of Dentistry
Five Are Ladies.
Five Are Ladies.
There is both a new charm and a new
terror in civilization.
She is the woman with the forceps.
Everybody has heard of the lady and the
tiger and of the lamb and the lion, but'
woman with one hand on the corrugated*
brow of a patient and the other upholding
a dropping tooth is another innovation pe
culiar to the new woman. This is the
woman in dentistry.
In the class of 1396 of the College of
Dentistry of the University of California,
which was graduated last Thursday, were
five young ladies. They were the same
"sweet-girl graduate" that ornament the
platform of female seminaries and high
schools in commencement weeKS.
If there was any difference it wa*? that
the fair dentists looked a little brave, for
there is a peculiar experience acquired in
an active dental clinic with suffering tooth
aches to operate on that can be observed
nowhere else. But while the rule seems to
be that none go to the dentist's chair as
long as they can go anywhere else, per
haps with woman behind it her gentle
touch may add a new and unexpected so
lace to the man with the forceps in his
jaw. Perhaps, too, her smile may dissi
pate the toothache as "sunlight drinketh
dew." Anyhow, who does not wish it so
could eat cactus without a whimper, and
has no need for the doctor of dental sur
gery.
The young lady graduates are Miss
Anna Sawyer of 733 Bush street. Miss Gae
McDonald of 107 Fair Oaks street, Mrs.
Mary L. Baird of 1426 a California street,
Mr?. Matilda Ayers of 4 Hyde si reet and
Mrs. Amy Maxted Gilbert. With one ex
ception, perhaps, all are going to begin
practice in San Francisco. Several will
take a recreation of a month or two after
their three years' study, but all will have
shingles out in the breeze "before the frost
is on the pumpkin." Miss Sawyer left the
City last evening for an outing, Miss Ayers
will go next Monday, and Mrs. Gilbert
will go away in a few days to be absent a
month.
Miss Ayers and Miss McDonald are
thinking about opening an office together.
Their signs may go up at Miss McDonald's
home, where their chairs will be set up in
one of the parlors, and divided by screens.
One of the young lady graduates went to
school with her husband, and they both
graduated and acquired titles at the same
time last Thursday night. The degrees
are "D.D.S." Her sign is already on the
front window of a neat California-street
fiat, and above it is that of her husband.
A chair has been set up, the myriads of
little instruments are in sight, and as Dr.
Mary L. Baird sat in the office and parlor
yesterday afternoon, she said :
"I am ready for business." She said it,
too, with a demure professional air.
"Will you treat men or women, or
both?"
"I will treat gentlemen if they want !
me," she said. That is what all the
young lady dentists do, too. So there is
an entirely new refuge for the young man j
in pain. Surely the toothache should not j
now drive a young man to drink.
The young ladies think there is as much
opportunity for practical success for
women in dentistry, as for men. They •
point to a lady in San Francisco who has j
been practicing dentistry thirty-eight j
years, and has built up a good practice, as
a shining example of woman's possibility |
in dental surgery.
This is the first class graduated by the
college in which there were any number
of ladies. The only other lady graduate
of the college is Miss Armstrong, of the
class of 1891. who is said not to have
entered practice yet. The faculty speaks
highly of the capabilities of the young
ladies, as well as the 'forty-seven young
men of the class.
Miss Ayers said yesterday afternoon
that, the nervousness at first naturally
attendant upon operations in the clinic
soon wore away, and that now she would
not hesitate any more to pull a tooth with
a pair of forceps than to eat a strawberry.
In describing how to pull a tooth, Mrs. j
Gilbert said: "It is not the strength that
does it so much as knowing how to do it."
WILL GIVE ONE CONTEST
The St. George* Club Declares That
It Does Not Intend to Hold Ath-
It Does Not Intend to Hold Ath-
letic Tournaments.
Edward Oliver, secretary of the St.
George's Club, says that the organization
he represents will confine itself to one ath
letic tournament, but will not hold a
Children Cry for Pitcher's Castoria.
series of such contests, He made this an
nouncement yesterday in the following
letter:
St. George's Club of San Francisco, j
317 Mason street, June 19, 1890. j
City Editor San Francisco Call— Sir: 1
have just read the article in your issue of this
morning on the above club, and while thank
ing you for your many kind and generally cor
rect notices would like to correct the impres
sion eonvevedin the one of this morning to
the effect that the prominent members are fig
uring upon holding professional athletic con
tests, as such an impression might work us
some injury among our friends.
1 am in full svinpathy with the sentiments
expressed by William Greer Harrison as re
ported this morning, and I am sure that fully
two*thlros of our members would also indorse
Mr. Harrison's opinions that the club should
stick to its original plan, the principles of
wbich are sociability, goodfellowship and the
encouragement of healthy amateur athletics-
It is true that the club is arranging an ath
letic tournament in the Mechanics' Pavilion
that is intended to help swell its building fund,
and a couple of days ago, at the, request of the
committee having the matter in hand, I tele
graphed Frank Savin, asking if he would meet
Choynski In a ten-round contest; but the idea
that the club, has decided to go in for a series
of professional tournaments is a mistake. I
received an answer from Slavin yesterday to
the effect that he was willing to meet Chovnski,
but as Slavin has since been knocked out in
short order by Maher, the San Francisco public
might not be so anxious to see him or Mr.
Chovnski to meet him.
Although Mr. William Greer Harrison ac
cepted the presidency of tho St. George's Club
on the understanding that he should not be
called upon for active service, we shall expect
occasionally to nave the benefit of his advice
and valuable experience, which nt all times
will receive tne attention it so well deserves.
Yours very sincerely,
Edward Oliver, Secretary.
The Tark Theater.
After several weeks' preparation for the open
ing or the Park Theater it will occur to-night.
Several important improvements have been
made lor the comfort and convenience of its
patrons. The opening performance will con
sist of the "Cruiskeen Lawn."
Baptist Union Picnic.
All the Baptist Sunday-schools of this City
will participate in a picnic to-day to El Campo,
the boat leaving here at 9:15 a. m. On the re
turn the boat will leave El Campo at 5 p. m.
MONEY SHARKS OUTDONE
Postal Employes Cannot in the
Future Give an Order for
- Future Give an Order for
Their Money.
Their Money.
The Local Federal Force Has Hith
erto Been a Profitable Field
for Note-Shavers.
Local note-shavers and money-brokers
are much disturbed over an order just is
sued by the Postmaster-General "concern
ing the loaning of money to carriers, postal
clerks and other Government employes.
There are several hundred Federal em
ployes in San Francisco, there being no
less than 207 letter-carriers. The money
sharks have had an easy thing of it, cash
ing thirty, sixty and ninety-day notes and
accepting an order on the Postmaster, au
thorizing the amount to be withheld from
the clerk's or carrier's salary.
The following order, however, is intended
to dampen the ardor of those who have
for so many years successfully carried on
their cent per cent game:
My attention having been called to the fact
that certain money-lending concerns are ad.
vertising to loan money to railway postal
clerks, letter-carriers and other Government
employes, taking a note therefor and an order
upon the paying postmaster authorizing the
amount to be withheld from the clerk's salary
in the event of bis failure to pay the note at
maturity, I desire to state on behalf of the
Postofflce Department that such agreements
are disapproved; that paying postmasters are
forbidden to recognize the orders guarantee
ing the payment of such notes, and that indi
viduals or companies loaning money to em
ployes of this department under any such
guarantee will receive no aid or assistance in
the collection of their account**.
William L. Wilson, Postmaster-General.
The local authorities are pleased over
the stand taken by the department at
Washington. It relieves them of a great
deal of trouble and incidentally saves the
employes hundreds of dollars yearly. *
• — — »
A TRANSFER DAMAGE CASE.
The Market-Street Hallway Company
Sued for $5000.
The firstdamage suit against the Maiket-
The firstdamage suit against the Maiket
street Railway Company because of Mr.
Viniug's mixed transfer system was filed
yesterday. :
W. L. Smith is the plaintiff, and in the
complaint he recites how he boarded a
Powell-street car, paid his fare, and at
Powell and Market streets received a
transfer to Market street. . He boarded a
McAllister-street presented his check,
was refused transportation thereon and
ejected from the car.
15y reason ofthe Market-street Railway's
refusal to carry the plaintiff to his in
tended destination, and by reason of the
violence and indignities heaped upon him,
Mr. Smith claims to have been damaged
in the sum of $5000, for which he asks
judgment.
He also prays that the court have re
turned to him the 5 cents he was com
pelled to pay on the car' which carried
him home after being put off the first one.
PAPINTA'S LILY DANCE.
Five Hundred Yards of; Silk to Make
One Flower.
Papinta presented a new dance last
night at the Orpheum, which aroused con
siderable interest. For the first time she
appeared without her mirrors, and took
the whole stage with' her gyrations and
her draper ies.
In her new dance she required all the
room which an unencumbered stage could
afford. "When the curtain went up all
that was visible was a moving mass of soft
white silK. Gradually Papinta was dis
cerned beneath it as she began her gyra
tions. : The silk spread itself out into
petals and ended by assuming the form of
a perfect lily of huge dimensions. Five
hundred yards of silk are required for this
dance, which is known as the lily dance. •
ASHWORTH CUTS
OUT A MILLION.
Revised Estimates %of the
Street Department's
Wants.
THE WORK DESIGNATED
No Margin for Contracts That
May Be Awarded by
Supervisors.
ORDER REGULATING DIVES.
Cadences of Music Should Cease at
the Midnight
Hour.
The revised statement of Thomas R.
Ashworth, Superintendent of Streets, was
received by the Grand Jury at the regular
session yesterday afternoon.
At the special session last Wednesday
evening, when Mr. Ashworth conferred
with the jury to consider his estimate of
$1,500,000 to maintain the department for
the next fiscal year, he explained that all
improvements deemed desirable were in
cluded in his estimate placed before the
Board of Supervisors. Moreover, he pre
sented the fact that a large percentage of
the sum of $526,000 allowed for the present
fiscal year had been expended under con
tracts awarded directly by the Super
visors.
The Superintendent was therefye asked
to submit a statement of the actual neces
sities of his department for the year be
ginning July 1 next an estimate not to
include the cost of any contracts for work
that may be awarded by the Board of
Supervisors and payable out of the Street
Department fund. In accordance there
with the following was submitted:
For county roads $10,000
Street sweeping 120,000
Cleaning and repairing sewers and mate-
teiial same 70,000
Bepaving and repairing accepted streets. 200,000
Improvement in front of City property... 16,000
Improvement and maintenance of public
parks 30,000
Improvement In front of public parks.,.. 30.000
Total *. $475,000
The foregoing represents a reduction of
more than a million dollars when com
pared with the figures forwarded to the
Board of Supervisors.
Next week the Grand Jury will take up
the School Department figures. The Board
of Education asks for $1,500,000. indicating
that the sum of ?350,000 is required for
new schpolhouses. The purpose of the in
vestigation is to secure the co-operation of
the School Directors in an effort to obtain
a reasonable tax levy.
A short time ago the Grand Jury com
mittee on dives and social evils — com
mittee of which E. E. Cheever is chair
man and Jacob Martenstei'n and J. J.
O'Farrell are members— submitted a re
port in favor of closing the dives at mid
night. The District Attorney was asked
to draw an amendment to order No. 1537,
to the end that the recommendation of the
committee may be carried out. Accord
ingly the following amendment was pre
pared and transmitted to the Board of
Supervisors, with the request that it be
adopted:
Sec. 32. It shall be unlawful for any per
son to keep open, maintain, carry on or con
duct any saloon, daneehouse, barroom or
drinking place where liquor is sold and music
furnished or played, between the hours of 12
o'clock midnight and (» o'clock a. m.
It shall be unlawful for any person to furnish
or play music in any saloon, daneehouse, oar
room or drinking place between the hours of
12 O'clock midnight and 0 o'clock a.m., pro
vided, that the Mayor shall have authority to
issue a permit for the giving of any entertain
ment, exhibition or ball by any dramatic or
literary association, society, club or beneficial
association, to which exhibition, entertain
ment or ball the provisions of tbis section
shall not be applicable. ~ V
So many complaints have been made
regarding the inadequate facilities at the
City Hall for taking care of insane persons
detained for examination, that the Grand
NEW TO-PAY.
STATEMENT
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
Bavarian Lloyd Marine
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF MUNICH, GERMANY. ON THE 31ST DAY
of December, A. P. 1b95, and for the year
endingon that day, as made to the Insurance Com-
missioner of the State of California, pursuant to
the provisions of sections 610 and 611 of the Po-
litical Code, condensed as per blank furnished by
the Commissioner.
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up In
Cash $250,000 00
! ASSETS.
Beal Estate owned by Company $120,916 45
Loans on Bond and Mortgage. 2,250 00
Cash Market Value of all stocks and
Bonds owned by Company 188,170 51
Cash in Company's Oilice •. 1,150 00
Cashin Banks 70,607 48
Interest due and accrued on all Stocks
and Loans... 2,258 42
Premiums in due Course of Collec-
tion .*. /. 366,542 69
Bills receivable, not Matured, taken
for Fire and Marine Bisks... 22,612 62
Total assets...... $724,508 17
LIABILITIES.
Losses A djusted and v npald "i
Losses Adjusted and unpaid *»
Losses in process of Adjustment or I *81 250 00
In Suspense f T '
Losses resisted, including expenses J
Gross premiums on Marine and In-
land Navigation Bisks, reinsur-
ance 100 per cent... ...........; 26,235 20
Gross premiums 011 Marine Time
Bisks, reinsurance 50 (.er cent.... . 73,764 80
All Other Demands Against the Com-
pany 271,855 01
Total 1iabi1itie5..... ........ $453,305 01
INCOME. ~~ ~~
Net Cash actually received for Marine
Premiums $594, 537 97
Beceived for Interest and dividends
on Bonds, Stocks, Loans, and from
all other sources 12,948 18
Beceived from all other sources....... 928 61
Total inc0me........ $608,414 76
' EXPENDITURES. "~
Net amount paid for Marine Losses
(Including $65,000 losses of pre-
vious year 5). ........... ... .". $406,653 65
Paid or allowed for Commission or
8r0kerage............ - 27,411 67
Paid lor Salaries, fees and other
charges for officers. clerks, etc.... 34,765 61
Paid for State, National . and local
taxes.... *..... 2,177 28
Total expenditures $471,008 II
HANS PABST, President.
MAX VOGEL, Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me, this lltb
day of April, 1896.
ItALPH STEINEB, U. 8. Consul.
VOSS, CONRAD & CO.,
GENERAL AGENTS,
1 204 Sansome Street, San Francisco.
Jury gave attention to the subject yester
day. It seems that a demented youn***
woman gave a great deal of trouble to the j
attendants the other night, and no place ;
could be found to shield her or give her
proper attention.
The jury called in Dr. Morse of the
Board of Health, City and County Attor- j
ney Orbs well, as City Hall Commissioner, I
Sheriff U'heian, Judge Hebhard and Act
ing Mayor Taylor. A personal inspection !
of the existing quarters was made. . It
was suggested that the entire lower part
of the wing adjoining the Receiving Hos
pital, including ten cells not in nse at
present, should be set apart for the accom
modations desired.
The Grand Jury will not hold evening
sessions again until the gas for street
lamps is turned on. Members object to
NEW TO-DAY."I
STATEMENT
OP THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
FRANKFORT
Marine Accident ant Plate Glass
INSURANCE COMPANY,
OF FRANKFORT-OX-THE-MAIN, GElt-
many, on the 31st day of December, A. D.
1896, aud for the year euoins on that day, as
made to the Insurance Commissioner of the state
of California, pursuant to the provisions of sec-
tions 610 and 611 of the Political Code, condensed
as per blank furnished by the Commissioner.
CAPITAL.
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid op
in cash.... $ 312,50000
ASSETS. ""
Real estate owned by company ... $43.750 00
J, Kins on bond and mortgage 604,325 00
Cash market value of an stocks and
bonds owned by company 135,141 35
Amount of loans secured by pledge
of bonds, stocks and other mar-
ketable securities as collateral... v. 675 00
Cash in company's ofllce ' 6,522 00
Cash in bunks 128,047 44
Interest due and accrued on all
. stocks and loans 22,175 63
Premiums in due course of collec-
tion 60,224 15
Due from other companies for re-
insurance on tosses already paid. ... 153.980 28
Total assets .. $1 .144,840 75
LIABILITIES.
LIABILITIES.
Dosses adjusted and unpaid $125,531
Gross premiums on marine and In-
land navigation risks, $ , re-
insurance 100 percent 23,806 50
Gross premiums on marine time
risks, $ , reinsurance 50 per
cent 22,05925
Cash dividends remaining unpaid... 43 75
Pension fund. 7,440 16
All other demands against the com-
pany 107,081 13
Liability under accident and plate
glass departments 198,825 42
Uotal liabilities $484.787 20
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for acci-
dent and plate glass premiums $450,817 01
Netcasa aciually received for marine
premiums 411,998 81
Received lor interest and dividends
on bonds, stocks, loat.s, and from
all other sources 28,904 10
Received from all other sources...*.. 42,379 25 I
l
Total income $934,096 17
Total income..... $934,096 17
■
EXPENDITURES.
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for accident and
plate glass losses (Including # *
losses of previous yean) $ 105.505 72
Net amount paid for murine loss s.. 308,033 20
Dividends to stockholders 43,750 00 i
Paid or allowed for commission or
brokerage 99,792 01
Paid for salaries, fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc 47,00117
Paid for State, National and local
taxes 4,021 33
All other payments and expendi-
tures 750 00
Total expenditures $608,913 43
Losses Incurred dur- .- /ir.-
ing the year ....- $ $...'...".. ."
bisks ano premiums. ' Marine Risks' Premiums.
Net amount of risks
written during the . ->~
year ; $118,235,422 $594,115 48
Net amount of risks
expired during the
year | 70,435,413 366.13306
Net amount in force!
December 31, 1895... ; 2,040,027 | 45,865 75
F. OERSON, President.
P. IiI'MCKK, Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 10th day
of April, 1896.
FRANK. H. MASON, U. S. Consul-General.
UNITED STATES DEPARTMENT,
204 Sansome Street. San Francisco.
VOSS, CONRAD & CO.,
General Managers.
STATEMENT
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OP THE
FIDELITY AND DEPOSIT
COMPANY
OF BALTIMORE. IN THE STATE OF MARY- !
land, on the 31st day of December. A. D. 1895, I
and for the year ending on that day, as made to
the Insurance Commissioner of the State of Cali- |
fo nia, pursuant to the provisions of sections. 610
and 611 of the Political Code, condensed as per
blank furnished by the commissioner.
CAPITAL.
CAPITA!..
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up In
Cash $750,000 00
ASSETS. . ~
Real Estate owned. by Company $576,532 57
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company 698,255 00
Cash In Company's Office ;... 5.196 61
Cashin Banks , 92,450 00
Premiums indue Course of Collec-
tion 48,342 30
Total assets. $1,419,776 38
LIABILITIES.
Losses In process of Adjustment or
inSuspense $22,229 45
Gross premiums on Risks running .
one year or less, $337,127 30, re-
insurance 50 per cent.. 168,563 65
Total liabilities... $190.793 10
INCOME. ~" ~~
Net Cash nctna'ly received ■ for
Surety Premiunn $313,093 10
Received for Interest , and dividends ■ .- -. ;-.--.■■
on Bonds, Slocks, Loans ana
from all other sources " 14,885 00
Received for Rents. 27,971 '49
Received from all other sou. ces 26.895 59
Total income $381,845 18
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for (Surety Losses.. ' $51,400 04
Dividends to Stockholders 20,000 00
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Biokera;e. . 46,817 99
Paid for Salaries, fees and other
charges for officers, clerKs, etc.. 26,412 93
Paid for State, National and local -
taxe5.............. "./. 17,151 15
All other Payments and Expendi-
tures 49,979 25
Total ex, enditures. $211,761 36
Losses Incurred during
the year $67,301 99
bisks AND PREMIUMS. | *"**[ | Premiums.
Net amount of Risks!
written during the
year. $75,133,430 $349,500 47
Net amount of Risks
expired during the
year........ .......:.... I .41,852,031 192,84183
Net amount In : force
December 31, 1895... 45,226,849 337,127 30
EDWIN WARFIKLD, President.
i HERMAN E. BOSLEK. Secretary.
ii Subscribed and sworn to before me this 6th day
Of January, 1896. G. EVETT REAKDON,
Commissioner for California at Baltimore.
PACIFIC COAST DEPARTMENT,
204 Sansome Street, San Francisco.
VOSS CONRAD & CO., j
1 RESIDENT MANAGERS. j
going home in the darkness at a late hour
of the night. , V y y
The Chinese send three invitations to
their gue3ts that they desire to see at their
great repasts. The first is dispatched two
days before the feast; the second on the
day itself, in order to remind those they
expect of their engagement ; and the third
just before the hoar has struck, so as to
show how imnatient they are to see their
friends arrive.
• — ♦— • 1
Extraordinary qualities are possessed by
the River Tinto, in Spain. It hardens and
petrifies the sand of its burl, and if a stone
falls in the stream and alights upon an
other in a few months they unite and be
come one stone. Fish cannot live in its
waters. \-y.Y^:
NEW TO-DAT.
STATEMENT
- OF THE .
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
—OF THE
! TRADERS'
INSURANCE COMPANY,
OF CHICAGO. IN THE STATE OF ILLINOIS,
on the Hist day of December, A. D. 1895, and
for the year ending on that day, as made to the
I Insurance Commissioner of the State of ('alitor-
' nia, pursuant to the provisions of sections 610 and
611 of the Political Code, condensed as per blank
furnished by the Commissioner.
CAPITAL.
CAPITAL.
• Amount of Capital Stock, paid up In
Cash $500,000 00
ASSETS. -
Real Estate owned by Company $6,312 37
Loans on Bond and Mortgage 223,550 00
Cash Market Value of all Mocks and
. Ponds owned b.- Company 1,318,349 55
Amount if Loans secured by pledge
of Bonds, Mocks, and other mar-
ketable securities ns collateral... 47,500 00
Cash In Company's Office.... 1,465 05
Cash in Banks 72,351 85
Int<r?s*. due and accrued on all
blocks and Loans 5,862 £0
l Interest due and accrued on Bonds
and Mortgages 3,929 97
Premiums in due Course of Collec-
tion 62,453 43
Due from other Companies, etc., for
losses paid and premiums ad-
vanced 15,485 10
Total assets $1,747,259 82
LIABILITIES. T
Losses Adjusted and unpaid $22,636 16
Losses In process of Adjustment or
in Suspense 44,648-76
Losses resisted Including expenses.. 21,465 90
Gross premiums on Fire Bisks run-
ning one year or less, $521,-
- 23. re-insumnce BO percent. 260,697 11
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year. $359,-
- l'_, re-in«tiranee'pro rata 201,306 64
All other demands against the Com-
pany 17,613 34
Total liabilities $568, -65 91
INCOME.
Net Cash actually received for Fire
premiums $669,379 93
Received for interest on Bonds and
Mortgages 14,706 17
; Received for Interest and dividends
on Bonds,- Storks, Loans, and
from aU other sources 56,644 43
Totalincome $740,730 53
EXPENDITURES."- ~~"
I Net amount paid for Fire Losses (In-
eluding $64,244 34 losses of pre-
vious years).. $359,043 23
Dividends to Stockbo'ders 60,000 00
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 107,048 10
Paid for Salaries, fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc... 67,612 00
Paid for State, National and local
taxes 19,162 37
All other payments and expendi-
ture 5............ 60,672 08
Total expenditures $643,536 78
Losses Incurred during "~
the year (fire) $360,944 60
risks and premiums Fire Risks.) Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written during the
year $57,040,874 j 5833,694 10
Net amount of Risks
expired during the
year......... 49,931,262; 751,083 95
Net amount in force De-
cember3l, 1895 j 61,472,748 911,293 35
E. BUCKINGHAM, President.
R. J. SMITH, Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this _sth day
! of February, 1896.
E. S. WHITTLESEY, Notary Public.
UNITED STATES BRANCH.
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
AACHENANDffIONICH
! FIRE INSURANCE COMPANY
OF - AIX-LA-CHAPEI,LE, GERMANY, ON
the 31st day of December, A. 1), 1895, and for
I the year ending on that day, as made to the In-
: surance Commissioner of the State of California,
pursuant to the provisions of sections 610 and 611
of the Political Code, condensed as per blank fur-
| nished by the Commissioner.
YYYvY assets.
i Cash Market Valne of all stocks and !*=?/■-"•!'
Bonds owned by Company $599,500 00
j Cash In Banks.... 19,116 43
Premiums In due Course of Collec-
tion 39,708 87
Total assets..- $658,325 30
LIABILITIES.
Losses Adjusted and Unpaid $337 71
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
. ning one year or less $88,580 76,
reinsurance 50 percent 44,290 38
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year $45,-
- 10, reinsurance pro rata ...... 30,309 20
Due for Reinsurance Premiums and
Sundriee 10,262 23
All Other Demands Against the Com-
pany 9,072 75
Total liabilities. $94,272 32
INCOME. ~
Net Cash actually received for Fire
Premiums $90,321 08
Received for interest and dividends
on Roods, blocks, Loans and from
all other sources 13,750 00
Total Income $104,071 06
EXPENDITURES. "" "
Net amonnt i paid for Fire Losses
(including $3,429 94 losses 'Of pre- *
Tinas yean) $27,513 48
Paid or Allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 12,845 27
Paid for Salaries, fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc.... 14,149 00
Paid for State, National and local
taxe5................... 209 50
All other Payments and Expendi-
t u res 14,19.8 97
Total expenditures. $68,916 22.
: ■ .J:* ."••
Fire losses incurred dur-
Fire losses incurred dur- . '■ ' *•■
ing the year. .......... $24,421.25 •'.'••.'.• :.° •"
i ~ .-:;..*. .. [ ■; - \; - ''• y.
Risks and Pekkiums. Fire Risks. Premiums; •, •
Risks and Premiums.! Fire Risks. Premium's; ;.. ■
Net amount of Risks . *..* '-•]••' .- .' ;'*- •
written during thel • ' .."..'■•
year | $13,880,836 $173,337 *_• '
Net amount of Risks ex- 1 ".'.."••.
pired during the year. I 6,259,634 .104,848 ' •'
Net amount in force on | ■••.'•.•..:
December 31, 1895... 1 11,336,047 133,723 86. '
E. P. KENNEDY, for WEED A KENNEDY," *'• ' '
'■■■■'■'■ Managers;' .
s Subscribed ana sworn to before me,- this 15t.1i ' "•
day of February, 1896. C. F. FIbHBECK, Notary '
Public j „_ .'■' '
PACIFIC COAST DEPARTMENT, V
204 Sansome Street, San Francisco.
VOSS, CON RAD & CO.
GENERAL MANAGERS.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
KEARNY AND WASHINGTON STS.-RB.
modeled and renovated. KING, WARD <fc CO,
European plan. Rooms 50c to $1 60 per ' day, $_
to $8 per week, $8 to $31) per month: free baths: •
hot and - cold water every room ; fire grates tv
every room: elevator runs all night.'
___>■_ n jf^ti'j_i_i'fjiyii)!«'yi*fir^T7'_^i >_^^
vf^? _i^v i^AoB>-~g"^^^al Jt **■?*,
« I*^* B _<KiD 6_»Si___"'_r_!__ E9 Ir ««
Wueu uraenn* pteuoj mvuuou Ca_u
; Wueu orueriutf pleura uiuutiuu Call,
910
THE FIELD OF SPORT.
What the Oarsmen, Athletes and
Cyclists Are Doing.
The sporting feature which is creating
the greatest interest just now is the com
ing boxing bout between Tom Sharkey
and Jim Corbett. The big fellows will
meet on Wednesday evening in the Pavil
ion, and if Sharkey, who sprang up mush
room like to fame, stands before the cham
pion for four rounds the friends of Corbett
will be the most surprised men on earth.
Road-racing continues to be a popular
amusement among wheelmen, but the
same cannot be said of track-racing,
which is rapidly losing support because
of the loafing system now employed by
fast riders, who spurt only when the gong
so unds for the final effort. Then a grand
stand play results, which invariably ends
in a so-called exciting finish.
The anglers are now enjoying good fish
ing in coast streams.
A grand coursing meeting under the
auspices of the Interstate Club will be
held to-day at Ingleside Park.
The oarsmen are training hard for the
Stockton regatta, which will be held on
the Fourth of July.
♦
HE WHEELMEN.
Captain Piummer and secretary
Howard of the Bay Citys Have
Resigned.
CLUB EVENTS OF TO-MORROW:
Acme Club Wheelmen- Run to Troca
dero with Olympics.
Bay City Wheelmen — Kun to San Ma
teo.
teo.
California Cycling Club ßoad Race,
San Leandro.
Imperial Cycling Club— Road Race,
Snn Leandro.
Olympic Club Wheelmen— Run to Tro
cadero with Acme*.
Reliance Club Wheelmen— Road Race,
San Leandro.
San Francisco Road Club— Blind Run.
That this i? the season for cycle road
racing is amply demonstrated by the num
ber of these events scheduled for to-mor
row and the following Sunday. The
Barry larkin. Sec. W. H. Tocpke. B. D. Bent, Fin. See. A. J. Itrnne. George P. Wetmore, Charles A. Elliott.-
F. 11. Walters Jr. W. D. Sheldon, Treat. F. H. Kerrigan, Pres. Sanford Plummer. H. P. Howard.
THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS Ol THE BAY CITY WHEELMEN.
Reliance, California and Imperial clubs
will each hold five-mile events over tbe
San Leandro way to-morrow, and next
Sunday the Bay City, Golden Gate, San
Francisco and Olympic wheelmen will ;
hold theirs, the Bay Citys' teing a ten- j
mile ride over the San Leandro triangle ;
and the latter three being fiv?-ni:ie sprints i
over the San Mateo-San Carlos course.
There are fifteen entrants in the Reli- :
ance Club's race to-morrow morning, their i
names and handicaps being as follows:
Harris, Leonard, Marston, Thompson, 3 min
utes; Bain, Robsou, 2J2; Gray, _J^; Haysetden,
Mynck, 2; Brereton, JSeylan, I\'2; Jones, Ro- i
sentie im, 1%; Wilkins, 1; Yeoman, scratch.
The race will start at 10 a. m. from High '
The race will start at 10 a. m. from High
stieet, Fruitvale. Some of the club's best I
men will not ride, Elford, Deacon and
Gtoch being away, Percy Mott ill and
Charley Bates out of condition.
The Imperials' race, which will start at
11:1? from San Leandro, has forty-five
entrants, the. largest number ever known
in a club race on the coast. The riders
and their bandit are:
Me. call, Alborelle, Cook and Eozio, scratch; i
B'orree, MaaeK. Barley, 'atanich, Ortion,
15 seconds; Lin d, Grimmen-nein, Jacks, ;
Jaegliit-j-. Cusassa, 30 seconds; Wilson,
F.ga:i, Uamann, Burns, Flinu, 45 sec
onds; W.ilson, Pecht, May. Frary, Gang,
Lyon, Gilbert, 1 minute'; __ut_, Per
kins, Brogi, Lynch, Motrin, Olabrough, IJ^
minutes; Its<-'.l, Knell, Geistlich. Young, Gun- i
ther, Hornung. J. Lynch, 1"U minutes; Lacay, \
Liudevuld, Hall, Bathman, 1% minutes; Hor
nung, Landers, 2 minutes.
The California's race will start at 11
o'clock from San Leandro; the entries and
handicaps were published in The Call
Thursday.
There have been several surprises in
cycling lately, but none have created as
much talk as the announcement just made
public that San. Plummer, captain,
and Horace P. Howard, secretary, of the
Bay City Wheelmen, have resigned their
respective offices, though not from the I
club itself. Rumor had it that there was !
something back of the matter, but this is j
unlikely or they would not have remained \
with the club. Plummer is out of
town a rood deal and Howard is not in \
very good health, and both felt they could '
not give their offices the requisite amount
of attention. George P. Caldwell, first
lieutenant, has been promoted to the cap
taincy, and George E. Dixon elected to (
fill his old position as lieutenant. Harry ;
Larkin was elected secretary. Captain j
Caldwell has called a run for to-morrow to I
San Mateo by way of Uncle Tom's Cabin
and the Spring Valley lakes, leaving the i
clubhouse at 8:30 A. K. This is a very |
interesting ride, besides not being too
tiresome, and it should be well attended.
On Sunday, June 28, the club will hold. a
ten-mile road race, open only to club
members.
The Olympic Cyclers and Bay City
Wheelmen will' have a joint run by
steamer to Petaluma, Friday evening,
July 3, to attend the meet of the League |
of American Wheelmen there.
By a recent, amendment to the constitu- i
tion of the Camera Club Cyclists, here
after only active and associate members of
the California Camera Club are eligible to
membership. Captain Argenti and Mr.
Duboce are arranging a run of the club for
Sunday week to Walnut Creek by way of |
Martinez, with a bullshead |,breakfast as
the star attraction..
Some of the members of the Sunset
Cycling Club made the trip from Alvarado
to Madrone Springs, in the Mount Ham
ilton hills, fifteen miles south of the Lick
Observatory, last Saturday morning, re
turning Monday afternoon. Those in the
party were: Mr. and Mrs. H. P. . Dyer,
Mr. anil Mrs. J. W. Atkinson, Miss Nina
Dyer, E. W. Burr. Miss Dyer, Miss Riley
and H. Dyer.
Henry Walker, a well-known dealer of
Honolulu, is in the City for a few days,
looking for wheels and sundries. Here is
a tip for the trade.
W. C. Klotz, Joseph Quadt, J. M. Sala
zer and W. B. Lewis have been elected to
membership in the Bay City Wheelmen.
Captain Mayo has called a run of the
California Cycling Club to Haywards to
morrow, taking the 8:30 a. m. boat, to wit
ness the club's road race. The racing men
will take the 8 a. m. boat and train to San
Leandro. The club's annual banquet next
Saturday evening is interesting the mem
bers in a prospective way just now.
Bulletin No. 15, dated June 18,1896, of
the racing board is as follows:
Sanctions granted— June 20, Professional
Cyclers' Association, Portland, Or.; June 24,
Crescent Athletic Club Wheelmen, Berkeley,
Cal. ; July 4. Stockton Athletic Association,
Stockton, Cal.; July 4, I'leasanton Cycling
Club, Plea3anton, <"al.; July 4, Ancient "Order
of Foresters of America, San Jose, Cal. ; July 4,
Paso Etobles Cycling Club, Paso Eto Dies, Cal.;
July 4, W. L. Pinney, Phcenix, Ariz.
"Transferred to professional class — Albert E.
Edwards, Pasadena; own request.
The attention of rulers is directed to general
rule Cof the racing board. In default of with
drawal of entry one week before the date of
meeting, or of a satisfactory and conclusive
explanation of failure to compete in any of
the events for which entered, riders become
liable to suspension from the track for • period
at the pleasure of the racing board. Entrants
in handicap events may be excused from start
ing by the referee. Failure to pay entry fees
also renders riders liable to suspension.
R. M. Welch,
Member of the National Racing Board.
The Golden Gate Cycling Club will elect
new officers next Tuesday evening and
will have a try-out over the San Carlos
course Sunday week.
C. Nufred of the Golden Gates is on a
trip awheel to San Luis Obispo, and J.
Cookson is riding to Santa Cruz.
Entries for the San Francisco Road
Club's big race on the 2Sth will close at the
clubhouse Monday evening next. There
will be a large number of starters. To
morrow Captain Pixley will lead the men
on a blind run, leaving the club at 8 a.m.
The wheeling clubs hereabouts seem to
take very little interest in the Baker &
Hamilton trophy race scheduled for San
day, July 12. Few men care to ride twenty
miles under a scorching July sun to try to
win for their club a trophy which was do
nated partly because it would be a good
"ad." for the donors. The Garden City
Cyclers have announced they will not
enter a team, and the Bay City Wheel
men feel the same way.
The associated clubs, which control the
running of the race, while having no con
nection with the League of American
Wheelmen, which organization, by the
way, condemns road racing, has passed a
rule| that no nan can. ride in a team in
this twenty-mile race who rode in class B
on the track when that class existed.
This is absurd on the face of it, for if the
league has "whitewashed" such men and
restored their amateur standing, what
right has the California Associated Cycling
Clubs to say that they are not pure ama
teurs? The rule shuts out the best men
on the coast to-day, lessens the interests
of the big clubs, and the chances are the
B. & H. trophy race will be a very tame
affair, thanks to the Oakland delegates to
the Associated Clubs, who put the motion
through. ; ,-XYYX.
There is some talk of a special moon
light run of the clubs belonging to the as
sociation, to Sutro's Baths some evening
next month, and arrangements are now
being made with that end in view. It
would be a novelty and probably would
prove a very enjoyable tut ing.
The proposed indoor tournament at Sac
ramento, July 23, 24 and 25, will attract a
number of the riders from this part of the
State. The programme as arranged will be
about as follows:
Thursday, 23— One-mile open, amateur; one
half mile" handicap, amateur; one-half mile
open, professional; one-mile handicap, profes
sional.
Friday, 24— One-mile handicap, amateur;
Friday, 24— One-mile handicap, amateur;
one-quarter mile scratch, amateur; two-mile
scratch, professional; one-mile Handicap, pro
fessional.
.Saturday. 25— Two-mile scratch, amateur;
one-mile handicap, amateur; one-mile open,
professional; one-half mile handicap, profes
sional.
The prizes in the professional class will
not be under $50 for firsts and the others
in. proportion.
The" Olympic Club Wheelmen will have a
joint run with the Acme Club Wheelmen
of Oakland to-morrow toTrocadero, near
Ingleside; leaving the Olympic Club at 11
o'clock. The Acmes are thus returning
the visit paid them by the Olympics a few
weeks ago, when they entertained them at
Lake Cha bot.
Bicycle-riders should learn to adjust
their saddles properly. One of the great
est inconveniences, connected with cycle
riding is the difficulty experienced in find
ing a comfortable sitting posture. The
saddle may be too high or it may not be
nigh enough. If the saddle inconven
iences you the only thing to do is to ex
periment with it until it fits, and then do
not change it under any circumstances.
The Olympic Club Wheelmen, Garden
City Cyclers and Santa Rosa Wheelmen
will have a joint club run to San Mateo
Sunday, Jane 28, the Olympics being the
hosts. The Olympics "will run off their
five-mile road race there before lunch, and
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JUNE 20, 1896.
afterward the riders will visit the Crystal
Springs dam and other points of interest.
Chairman Gideon, of the L. A. W. rac-
ing board, says Cycling West, has in his
office in Philadelphia, a novelty in the
shape of a $20 draft received from Harry
Terrill, the California professional. ':_: At
one of the opening meets on the coast in
the early spring (Santa Rosa, May 2) Ter
! rill's anger was aroused by a decision of
the referee, Plummer, and he used sprue
uncomplimentary language to him. He
was immediately fined $20 and the money
was forwarded to the racing board when
he paid the^fine. Mr. Gideon is delighted
with the prize and never misses a chance
to exhibit it to his friends and newspaper
men. This is the first money ever received
by the league in this way and Mr. Gideon
proposes to put the amount into the trea
sury out of his own pocket and have the
draft framed and hung in his office.
John S. Johnson is not making the suc
cess of his foreign tour that was expected
of him. It goes to show that record
breaking and winning open races do not
follow the same lines. Smashing records
was easy work for Johnson, but he has
found it impossible to beat the foreign pro
fessionals in actual races.
The success of Ziegler, Terrill and Mc-
Farland on the National circuit Thursday,
when they won ail three professional races
iij an Arkansas town, one apiece, shows
what splendid form the Californians are
now in. McFarland is looked upon by
many as the coming man. When these
three meet Bald, Cooper and Sanger
there wiil be racing worth seeing. '
The Mountain View Cyclers have ar
ranged a bullshead breakfast, to be given
at Mayfield, Sunday, June 28, at noon, to
which some of the prominent City clubs
have been invited. At 1 o'clock they will
hold a series of races on the road, the dis
tances and prizes being as follows:
Five-mile race, scratch, amateur— prize,
gold filled watch, valne $25; second prize, box
of cigars, value $3. One-third mile race,
scratch, amateur, finals—First prize, shaving
outfit, value $3 50; second prize, sweater,
value i? 3. Halt-mile race, scratch, amateur,
finals— First prize, silver napkin ring, value
$3; second prize, set silver-plated knives and
forks, value $2 50.
These races are open to all amateurs and
there is no entrance fee. Entries should
be sent to Phil W.Clark, care Mountain
View Cyclers, Mountain View, Cal., prior
to Tuesday evening, June 23.
Emil Laneuetin of theßay City Wheel
men is touring in Southern California.
Thomas S. Hall, F. L. Day, A. J. Menr.e
and George P. Caldwell of the same club
are spending a month's vacation at La
Honda. B. D. Bent will depart next
week on a wheeling trip to Los Angeles.
This trip to the south seems to have
attracted quite a number of riders.
Walter Crowell and Oscar Ellinuhouse of
the Baifk of California have but lately
returned from there and E. A. Kolb ofthe
Olymoic Club got back this week. W.
Henshaw Stmson and J. "Wheelman"
I Coffroth of the Olympic Cyclers will make
i the trip in July.
V. A. Dodd, captain of the Alameda
i Cyclers, has been appointed on the road
| racing and records committee of the Asso
ciate Clubs, vice Henry F. Wynne,
resigned.
What has become of the Cycle Baseball
League, about which we have heard so
much and yet so little? Perhaps our friend
Raviin of the Chronicle can tell He ar
ranged the dates and schedule of games,
but most of the dates have passed and
none of the games have yet been played.
The proposed northwestern and coast
racing circuit will probably be about the
j same. It is a case of much ado about
! nothing.
The entries for the league meet races
j at Petaluma on July 4 close next Friday
' evening, and it wiilbe well for riders to
| send their blanks in early and thus aid
j the handicapper. The meet promises to
be a big success and is receiving hearty
support. If the Petaluma wheelmen will
I awake from their lethargy now and ap
; point a live press committee and arrange
I a tandem race and ; some other little de
tails they will have things about right.
';--'.;■'■' • Spalding.
GUN AND DOG.
How Canvasbacks Are Lured by
Dancing Decoys— Club Shoots. '
The Alameda Sportsman's Club and
Lincoln and Reliance Gun clubs will meet
this afternoon at the Webster-street
grounds. Some good scores will surely
be made at artificial bluerocks. The
Placerville Gun ' Club will hold a blue
rock tournament to-morrow in Placerville.
Some of the crack shots of this City will
take part in the smashing of the clays.
Thomas H. Brown, the well-known St.
Bernard fancier and member of the S
Bernard Club, has received from the East
a magnificent specimen of the Hospice
dog. The new arrival won second prize at
the New York bench show of this year,
and will prove a valuable acquisition to
the St. Bernard interests of this coast.
As all sportsmen who have a predilec
tion for duck-shooting are aware that the
royal canvasback of the far North is a
most cunning bird at times the following
interesting letter from a Portland (Or.)
sportsman will prove assuredly interesting
to many. '■:■'■[
The writer says that on calm days a
"jigger" must he used .to insure good
shooting, and he explains what a "jigger"
is in this wise:
One day while -journeying to our hunting
grounds a discussion arose as to ducks and the
various methods of alluring them. From Mr.
Scoggins, who, by the way, is one of the I most
successful eanvasback-shooters of the North
west, I learned of the "jigger." Drawing
from his pocket a bundle of string and rubber
bands, he explained that by their use he fre
quently turned defeat into victory..
"When the water is placid," said he "the
birds will not decoy, for,- seeing so many
decoys sitting motionless, suspicion enters
their heads. Why, I have seen birds make a
dash at decoys, and when they noticed the
entire absence of motion go off with apparent
fright. When the wind- fail* me I wade 'out
among the decoys and fix a strong stick into
the mud and beneath the surface of the water.
To this I attach a couple of these rubber bands
and to these a good, strong string that will
more than reach to the blind. At intervals
along this string I attach about three decoys,
and a gentle pull on the shore end of the line
will cause the counterfeits to** dance merrily.
One can so tie the decoys that when jerked
the**: appear to bj diving and feeding, aud the
waves caused -by their antics keep the entire
stool in geitle motion, ruffling the water for
quite a distance. Should I fuil to have a rub
ber band with me I get a strong but elastic
stick and fasten the string directly to it. This
does nearly ps well as the rubbers, and I some
times like it better."
Several of the market hunters of this
State have used the "jigger" with telling
success in the mashes tnat margin the
Sacramento River.
The sportsmen of the old countries are
thoroughly familiar with the many tricks
which a fox resorts to to avoid annoyance
and trouble. Foxes . are bothered with
fleas as well as other animals, when j
the fleas become two numerous for his com- I
fort he easily rids himself of all or most
in an ingenious manner. With a piece of
moss held between his incisors he walks j
with deliberation into the shallow water !
of a stream or river, His "lodgers" all the j
while hustling up higher so as to keep out j
of the wet when he proceeds further into
the stream. At last only his head is above
water, and it becomes a case of "standing I
room only" with his friends, the enemy. \
Then, standing with his snarp muzzle
pointed downstream, he sits down, gradu
ally immersing his head until only the
bunch of moss is high and dry. . When the
unwelcome tribe has crowded upon the
bunch of moss the fox opens its jaws, and !
tbe infested island floats off . down the i
stream. "";%' .r.-yy'.' •'■:',' -;,"*:
COURSING.
Grand Sport Is Promised at Ingle-
side Park To-Day.
The Interstate Coursing Club has issued
very neat invitations for its "ladies' day
meeting," which will be held this after
noon at Ingleside Park. '
Coursing will commence sharp at 1:30
o'clock and the committee in charge is in
hopes that ail lovers of the grand old sport
will be on hand promptly to see the first
brace of dogs enter the slips, as consider
able money is wagered on the inaugural
race of the day. The Mission-sreet elec
tric cars will convey passengers to the
grounds. X*ts\X
According to the drawing' which took
place on Thursday evening last great rac
ing should certainly result, as the fastest
and best-bred dogs in the State are entered
in this particular event.
It is hardly necessary to remark that
Dalton's hares are runners of the old
school. The races of last Sunday proved
beyond question, that the hares of Ingle
side Park are superior as long-distance
runners to any of the Merced stock that
have been imported and raced by grey
hounds within the fenced grounds. Man
ager Dalton attributes his success in tuis
particular to his method of feeding the
spry little short tails. .
Hares, he contends, are like racehorses.
They must be carefully looked after and
fed regularly on food that will harden
them for long and grueling courses. .■
The Interstate Club meeting of to-day
will certainly be witnessed by a lar>:e gath
ering of ladies and gentlemen. Of course,
owing to the fact that a large number of
sportsmen whose principal outdoor amuse
ment is witnessing sharp and spirited
dashes between the long and shorttail
fliers cannot leave their work to seethe
sport of to-day, it is not expected that the
gathering at Ingleside will be as large as
if the meeting was held on Sunday. How
ever, a grand day's sport is promised all
lovers of the leash who will be in attend
ance. 'XXyXy
The following report appeared recently
in the American Field: y;?Yy y
It will be welcome news to all having the
welfflre of coursing at heart to know that W.
C. Peyton and J. 11. Rosseter have been elected
by the Interstate Coursing Club as its repre
sentatives on the American Coursing Board.
This is cause for congratulation all round.
Furthermore, the president of /the board has
appointed these two gentlemen a committee to
act upon California cases, in which they will
take testimony and report to the board. J.
Herbert Watson has been working for some
time to bring this about, and we heartily con
gratulate him upon its consummation. The
meetings of the Interstate Coursing Club are,
of course, run under the American Coursing
Board's rules, though some minor alterations
may be allowed in order to suit circumstances
out there.
Messrs. Peyton and Rosseter are un
questionably the right men in the right
place, because they have the interest of
the sport at heart and have been always
untiring in their efforts to wash "inclosed"
coursing of a stain it held for years in this
City. :YY ■*
The dogs entered for the ladies' day
meeting are as follows:
The champion stake M. Traynor's blk. w.d.
Flashlight (Mornsure-Pride) vs. J. H. Rosseter's
blk. w. d. San Joaquin (imp. Major-imp. Daisy);
M. Traynor's blk. w. b. Valley Maid (Dasha
way-Vailev Queen) vs. Cronin & McDonald's
br. d. Skyball (John Mitchell-Molly H); J.H.
Rosseter's w. br. d. Wayfarer (imp. Major-imp.
Daisy) vs. Cronin & McDonald's w. d. l.issak
(Dan B-Twilight); Robinson & Peyton's f. d.
Royal Buck (imp. Royal Crest-Daisy) vs. Rob
inson <fc Peyton's f. d. Flying Buck (imp. BJbyxl
Crest-Daisy". The latter two, ot course, 'are
guarded). - :'*y.y~" '■
Puppy stake, $10 each— J. Dean's br. w. d.
Livingston (imp. Warratah-White Cloud) 'vs.
J. H. Rosseter's br. w.d. Arapahoe (imp. Major
imp. Daisy); C. C. Griswold's w. blk. d. Great
Scott (Electric-Fannie Baker) vs. James F.
Grace's blk. w. d. Said Pasha (imp. Major-imp.
Daisy. '.:-:•
All-age stake, $5 each— Cronin and McDon
ald's br. d. Reliance (John Mitchell-Molly H)
vs. J. H. Rosseter's i. w. b. Kitty Scott (Morn
ing-Harriet S); J. Perigo's f. b. Wee Lassie
(White Wings-We Lassie) vs. Portal and Hag
gerty'i br. w. d. Elridge (LaurelwooU-Country
Girl).
THE OARSMEN.
Names and Crews of the Clubs En-
tered for the Stockton Regatta.
Things are rapidly assuming proportions
for the Stockton regatta to be held on July
4 oil the Stockton channel, both among
the local boat clubs and the Stockton
Athletic Association, under whose aus
pices the affair is to be held.
The races will commence promptly at 10
o'clock and the programme of events with
the corrected entries up to date are as fol
lows: .
Senior four-oared barge. South End
Club— Henry Bode, bow; Bob McArthur,
forwardwaist and captain; Gus Carson,
afterwaist; Frank Duplissea, stroke, and
George McGrill, cockswain.
Pioneer Rowing — Fred Orr, bow
and captain; Coney Ochs, forwardwaist; j
George Colloky, afterwaist; John Clifford,
stroke, and George Fitzsimmons * cock
swain.
Stockton Athletic Association— Carkeek, I
bow; Spencer, forwardwaist; Swift, after-!
waist; Davis, stroKe, and Doc Flynn,
cockswain. | '
In the junior four-oared barge the South
End Club will, in all probability, enter the j
same crew that made such a good showing
against the Stockton giants at the recent j
El Campo regatta. ■ ;
The personnel of the crew is as follows: j
Al Fritz, bow and captain; I Mat Breen, |
forwardwaist; James Pallas, afterwaist; |
Ed Scully, stroke and George McGrill, j
cockwain. * .
The Pioneers have two crews in training
for this event, and a try-out race will be
held some evening during the week, and
the winners will go to Stockton.
The crews that will race in trial are as
follows: R. Collopy, stroke; Ed Faulkner,
afterwaist; ; Phil Tint?, forwardwaist ; : W.
St. John, bow and captain, and George
Fitzsimmons, cockswain.
The second crew is made up of: W. Espy,
stroke; J. Klui. der, afterwaist; M. Callan,
forwardwaist; T. Sands, bow and captain,
and 'Doc" Flynn, cockswain. V
The Ariel Club will have no entry in
this event or in the senior event. A crew
had been in training for the junior race,'
but for some reason it has been - dis
banded.' X. .- , . ,
The Alameda Boat Clnb will enter a
crew in the junior event if the Stockton
Athletic Association will tender it the use
of its old racing barge.
As the Aiamedas nave no suitable rac
ing boat of their own they have written
to the Stockton club asking for the -use of
a boat, and as the Stockton: oarsmen are
equipped with a brand new Eastern-built
racing boat, they will doubtless give the
i Alameda crew the use of their old boat on
j the day of the race.
'The make-up of the Alameda crew is as
follows: A. Webb, bow and captain;
Fred Avers, forward waist; J. Hanson,
afterwaist; A. Hancock, stroke, and
I Thomas Guilfeather, cockswain.
| This will be the first four-oared crew
1 that the Alameda Club has entered in a
j regatta for many years. /-> ,'- ':, 'Y
The Olympic 'and Dolphin clubs will
j make no entries in this event, and the
! crew from the Stockton Athletic Associa
tion will be as appended: Henry Backe,
C. Strother, Will Folger and Joe Foley. .; *
In the senior single-scu'l event the fol-
lowing will line up: William McCansland
and Henry Wittkopf of the Ariel Boat
Club, Frank Duplissea of the South End
Club, and Al Brown and Louis Gio-
vanesse of the Stockton Athletic Associa
tion.
Henry Wittkopf is training hard for the
senior event and rows about ten miles
daily, going out mornings and afternoons.
He hasn't sat in a boat since last Fourth
of July, and there are many who think he
will never regain his old-time form; at
any rate he don't row anything like he
used to, and unless he gets in. shape
quickly it will be a case of a good sculler
fallen into obscurity. -, * ,y-,
Young Frank Duplissea, the South
End's pride and champion stroke oar of
the coast, feels his defeat in the El Campo
regatta very keenly.
In the senior outrigger skiff events at
| the Stockton races will be entered Samuel
J. Pembroke, Dr. Cecil Dennis and Fred
Ayers of the Alameda Club, Bob Ellis and
Jim Wilson of the Ariel Club and Jack
Coughlin of the Dolphins.
The Stocktons, South Ends, Pioneers
and Olympics will make no entries in this
event, as they have no outrigger-skiff.
A junior outrigger skiff race is down on
the programme for the Stockton regatta,
and many are training for it, but no
entries have been made thus far.
A launchrace will also take place, and
in this tne Ariel Boat Club of this City
will undoubtedly make a great showing.
Eugene J. Flanders, the club's secretary
and champion gormandizer, has just con-
structed a launch that will show a speedy
•pair of heels to any boat of her size on the
bay, and while she is his individual prop-
erty, the members of the Ariel Club take
as much interest in her as if she belonged
to the club.
A lame crowd of the club members
and vacationed letter-carriers have just
left on the launch for a two weeks' so-
journ up the river. They intend visiting
Stockton, Sacramento and other points.
The boat is undoubtedly one of the fin-
est of her kind on the bay. She is thirty-
five feet long, seven feet beam and three
feet six inches deep.
Its engine was built at Grand Rapids,
Mich., is a twelve-horsepower and only
stands three feet high, is brass finished
throughout and can turn the propeller to
432 revolutions a minute.
The flywheel is twenty inches in diam
j eter and weighs 27o pounds and no turning
I of it by band is -necessary, as is the case
i with the majority of gasoline engines be
| fore they can be started. V *
The engine is placed in the after part of
the boat and the gasoline tank is forward.
This eliminates any ballast being carried
to make the boat set properly in the water,
as is the case with ot:ier launcnes.
The boat was built by the American
Boat-building Company of St. Louis and
was shipped out here in parts.
An attractive cabin tnree feet high and
THE NEW LAUNCH OF E. J. FLANDERS OF THE ARIEL BOAT CLUB.
capable of accommodating twenty-five
persons runs from a few feet forward
nearly aft. It is equipped with a closet
and patent washbasin that are in them
selves novelties never before seen on any
launches here. YYY 'YY: /YYy
The closet is not these force-pump af
j fairs, but is kepi clean by the overflow of
I the engine, and the washbasin can be
; folded up in such a manner that it can be
used for a writing-desk, comb, soap,
! and brush-holder and repository for books,
and periodicals.
All in all she is the most improved
'. launch at present on the bay, and some
i thing the Ariel Club and Mr. Flanders can
be proud of. She is expected to make
from thirteen to fifteen miles an hour,
I burning a gallon of gasoline hourly.
Johnson, the champion senior single
I sculler of British Columbia, has sent a
. challenge to William McCausland, the
i champion ofthe Pacific Coast, to row him
1 a mile and a half straight-way race for a
| trophy. »
Johnson is a member of the Birds' Inlet
■ Rowing Club, and the race is to take place
•at the Victoria regatta. McCausland's
i expenses will be paid, and if victorious on
the Fourth of Juiy he says he will accept
the challenge.
The following letter is self-explanatory:
June 19, 1896.
Editor Call— Dear Sir: Will you please state
in your boating column of to-morrow's paper
that the Stockton regatta committee will offer
gold and silver medals, first and second prizes,
j for junior outrigger skiff race. The Alameda
i Boat Club will enter two men: two more are
wanted to insure the race. Those intending to
enter should communicate at once with S. J.
Pembroke, 205 Powell street, as it is necessary
I to guarantee four boats to secure the race.
I Yours truly, * y - S. J. Pembroke.
THE RING.
Straight-Arm / and Round-Arm
Fighters— Slavin's Downfall.
James J. Corbett— Jim and Tom
Sharkey, the pride of the American navy,
will shake bands and exchange punches
at the Pavilion on Wednesday evening.
Sharkey is unquestionably a magnificent
specimen of the athlete who scores sue-
cesses on the padded floor in Gneco-
Roman or catch-as-catcb-can wrestling,
but for, fighting under the established
rules of the present day Thomas, in the
language of the judges of dogflesh, is alto
gether too stocky.
Years aeo when fighters battled under
the rules of the London prize ring, men of
Sharkey's caliber proved very successful
because they were possessed of brute
strength and endurance, qualifications
which were deemed quite necessary, by
the way, to guarantee a successful ending.
True, John L. Sullivan, when in his
| prime, was a big husky fellow, but al-
though powerful and savage when in
front of an adversary he was as active as a
cat, and generally used pretty good judg
ment when striking at an opponent.
He whipped all of, his men in quick or
der, as a rule, but readers must not lose
sight of the fact that the fighters who fell
before his powerful blows were slow, yes,
very slow, when compared with the cham
pions of the present day.
f Corbett and Mitchell were the only pugi-
lists Sullivan faced who nuzzled the ex-
champion. . There are men living who
had witnessed * the great international
prize-ring battle in ' France between Sulli-
van and Mitchell.
They do not hesitate to say that
Mitunell bad Sullivan under his thumb at
one stage of the game and would have
.whipped him had. it not been for a large
amount of money Pony Mitchell's
father-in-law— received with "the under-
standing that the match be declared a
draw, and so ;it resulted. Be that as it
may, Mitchell made a great stand against
the big and powerful Sullivan, who,
owing to his great weight, sun. [ deep in
the mud and was : consequently heavily
handicapped in this particular.
Kilrain, Ryan, Cardiff and all the other '
< ;■<':.■ ■-■■■■ :,. .-■--■.. •;.-..., , ;
big fighters whom Sullivan whipped
rather handily, were of the old school of
pugilists who were taught to swing their
dukes and take chances on landing a
knock-out blow.
Corbett and Mitchell punched straight
from the shoulder, and, of course, they in
variably landed, while tbe swinging blows
of their opponents reached only about
half-way on their journey to face or body.
Corbett proved, in his battle with Sulli
van, that a straieht-arm punch, although
probably not as dangerous or as effective
as a swinging blow, is in the long run the
winning styie. Jackson proved the same
thing in his fight with Paddy Slavin who,
by the way, is relegated to the shelf if the
result of his fight with Peter Maher on
Thursday night is to be taken as a line
on his present fighting anility. . \Y' <:
Apropos of the once great fighter Slavin,
Jim Corbett's old trainer, Billy Delaney,
recently received a letter from old Jem
Mace, who is now 65 years old, which
stated that before Slavin's departure from
the land of good old roast beef and stout.
Mace put on the gloves with Paddy, and
was surprised to find bim such an easy
mark to hit. °
The letter terminated with a "P. 5.," in
which the old English champion said:
"Billy, on the dead, Slavin is a gone
goose. He can't fight any more, and, if
Maher is any good, he will certainly put it
on him."
Corbett should certainly whip Sharkey.
The only chance the sailor has of winifing
public favor is to mix it Op with Jim, and,
instead of Corbett chasing Sharkey, the
latter's only hope is to chase Corbett,
and — "'catch him if he can."
The following letter from a Stockton
correspondent is self-explanatory:
The boxing exhibition of the Stockton
Athletic Association was the best thing of
its kind that has been seen in th;s city
since the palmy days of boxing when
Charles Turner was in his prime and de
lighted Stocktonians with his cleverness.
Every seat in thb big gymnasium had
been sold long before the opening oi the
doors. The first event was not announced
until after 9 o'clock, and before that time
nearly every seat was occupied. Billy
Armstrong acted as master of ceremonies
and announced that the first event of the
evening would be a two-round bout be
tween Billy Scott, a colored boy, and Billy
McMahon.
The contest was for points and lasted
two rounds. Scott donned blackened
gloves and McMahon fought with a pair
dipped in chalk. The first round was a
hot one and, while the white boy landed
more blows than his opponent, Scott had
him covered with soot before the round
ended. The second round was a repetition
of the first and caused much merriment
among the spectators. Armstrong de
clared the bout a draw. Armstrong
next introduced Danny Mahoney and Joe
Sullivan, both well known in their class.
The event was to be a six-round contest
and it was promised that the decision
would be given to the man who did the
most aggressive work and made the most
points. Mahoney certainly scored the
most points, but the contest was declared a
draw by Referee McCreedy.
The event of the evening was a 10-round
go between Ben Lewis, a colored lad, and
Jim Lawlor. Both weighed in at 125
pounds.
The contest was declared a draw, al
though the best and most aggressive fight
ing was done by Lawlor.
The crowd cheered both fighters and
voted the exhibition the best that has been
given here in years. John Craig.
B
THE ANGLERS.
Large Trout Are Now Being: Caught
In the Ble Sulphur Creek.
1 This is the season of the year when the
j angler's skill is thoroughly tested.
The trout are now of good size and un-
like the "babies'." that are caught by tyros
in angling in April and May with any
kind of lure, the Jnly and August fishes
are "up to snuff" and will not be fooled
by every Tom, Dick and Harry who goes
a-fishing. -'Xy'-
"The flymen" are now enjoying right
good sport. Owing to the late season of
rains several good-sized trout have "re-
mained over," but to catch the artful
dodg rs an angler must employ all the
cunning and skill that is known only to
men of experience.
Reports have been received from several
quarters that there are no fish in the
streams. Those reports come from the
inexperienced anglers, who have much to
learn of the art of catching trout when
the fishes have grown-to be wise and cau
tious. It was only of recent date that a
well-known disciple of the craft returned
from Lagunitas Creek with a basket that
was fairly well filled with trout of good
size. He said that there were at least a
dozen stream-slashers who were in ad-
vance of him, but at the end of the jour-
ney, when baskets were compared, the
expert, with pardonable pride, exhibited a
creel of good-sized fish, much to the aston
ishment and disgust of his brother anglers,
whose baskets contained only dngerlings.
Explanations followed and the experi
enced angler gave his friends a bit of ad-
vice. He said :
Remember, boys, that you represent a pretty
good -sized object when tramping lh a stream.
A trout in clear water is as shy as any fox that
ever lived, and once a denizen of a deep pool
catches your shadow on the water the jig is
up with you. Now, then, if you want to catch
large trout steal catlike along the banks, and
when you arrive at what appears to be a favor-
able spot just wait a few minutes before you
cast your line. Don't splash the water. Drop
your flies or worm as gently as possible. Imi
tate nature as nearly as you can and you
will be rewarded by the capture of a good
fish. That's all. .■•/ ,.--■;.
If anglers will observe and follow the
NEW TO-DAT. . :**'Y >'r.-.yY.
—^ -Sure
CONSUMPTION
and lung troubles
New York, May 16, 1896.
To Editor Call:— have an absolute
remedy for Consumption and all Bronchial,
Throat and Lung Diseases, Catarrhal Affec-
tions, General Weakness, Loss of Flesh, Thin
Children, and all Conditions of Wasting
Away. By its timely use thousands of ap-
parently hopeless cases have been greatly
benefited or Permanently Cured. •
So proof-positive am I of its power to cure,
that to increase its ' usefulness and '■' make
known its merits, I will send Free, to any
reader of your paper Three Bottles of my
Newly Discovered Remedies, upon receipt of
: request for same, accompanied by Express
and Postoffice address. '■:
;- YYY' Always sincerely yours,
T. A.Slocum,M.C, 183 Pearl St., New York. \
We publish the Doctor's letter In full for the benefit ot
our readers. There will be no mistake in sending— tl_ i
mistake will be in overlooking the generous offer—
MITCHELL'S MAGIC LOTION.
NEURALGIA.
instructions as related by the old warrior
I of the glens there will be less reports of
1 "no fish in tbe stretms" coming from the
j angling districts. \
% Possibly the best trout-fishing to be had
near at hand will be found in the streams
jof Sonoma and Mendocino counties. The
I Pieta is now furnishing excellent sport.
True, the trout in thit beautiful mountain
I creek are small, but they are so plentiful
| that it will repay at angler to visit the
■ Pieta at any time from now until the end
: of the season. \
The grandest' sport yithin the reach of
: local anglers is awaitinr. the lovers of the
! so-called gentle art within an hour's ride
of Cloverdale. The Big Sulphur, other
' wise known as the Plutpn, Creek is liter
| ally alive with young steelheads this year.
! The stream has been too high for fly fish
j ing up to within a week or so ago, but a
i recent spell of warm weather has mater
! ially improved the fishing, and no later
1 than yesterday tbe sporting editor of The
I Call received word from C!overdale that
■ visiting anglers were having excellent
i sport and that several of the trout brought
I to creel scaled one pound in weight. Some
j of the whoppers were taken on grasshop
i pers when the sun was smilingits warmest
jon the waters. However, the evening and
| morning fishing gave the better results.
John Butler ha? returned from Salmon
I Creek with a splendid basket of trout, all
of which measured over ten inches.
Frank Marcus and W. A. Tilley caught
I a splendid basket of trout in San Andreas
! Lake last week. Marcus says that he tias
' not had such good fishing in years.
The following interesting article on an-
adromous fishes is from the pen of Alfred
V. la Motte, who is one of the oldest and
NEW TO-DAY.
tfiijf'' Y,-^jnr
DOCTOR SWEANY.
DOCTOR SWEMy!
This illustrious sage. of medicine and
This illustrious sage of medicine and
surgery, so long a practitioner in this
city, needs no introduction to the
Western people. Well is he known to
them all. By his fair, honest and upright
methods as a business man he commands
the confidence of the commercial world,
and by bis great skill and learning as a
physician be has called .thousands back
from the very
SHADOW OF THE TOMB.
The following is an index to some of the
diseases that come within his specialty:
ABSCESSES HYSTERIA
ALCOHOLISM IMPOTENCY
ASTHMA INFLUENZA
ATROPHY JAUNDICE
BILIOUSNESS LEUCO.iRHCEA.
BRONCHITIS LOST MANHOOD
CANCER MALARIA
CATARACT MASTURBATION
CATARRH NERVOUSNESS
I CONSTIPATION NEURALGIA
I CONSUMPTION OBESITY
I DIABETES PARALYSIS
DIARRHOEA PILES
DROPSY PLEURISY
DYSPEPSIA RHEUMATISM
ECZEMA RUPTURE
EMISSIONS SCROFULA' '
EPILEPSY SLEEPLESSNESS
ERYSIPELAS STERILITY
GALLSTONES STRICTURE
GLEET SYPHILIS
GONORRHOEA TONSILITIS
GOUT TUMORS
GRAVEL ULCERS
HEADACHE VARICOCELE
HYDROCELE VERTIGO
There is no reason on earth why you
should suffer from any of these or similar
ailments. Relief is offered, and health is
yours if you will accept it. Go directly
to the
FOUNTAIN OF LIFE.
Call upon Dr. Sweany or write him your
troubles at once, and he will not only
cheer and comfort you, but will cure you
sound and well and fill your whole future
with sunshine and happiness. He is kind
to the poor, and if you have no money he
will treat you free of charge on Friday
afternoons; that is if you will come to him
, in person. The doctor's office hours are from
9to 12 A. M., 2 to 5 P. M., 7 to 8- P. M. ;
Sundays, 10 to 12 A. M. only. Address
I. L. uW LAN I , 1(1. 0., San Francisco, CaL
GUN STORE_CLOSIKGOUT.
$20,000 STOCK
Offered at Panic Prices Until Jnly Ist,
When Lease Expires.
GEO. W7~SHREVE,
j 739 Market Street.
[|{j[_________s_2 _i----______|f3
A ■ front .
A , %J.'Y Y%y£y
■ MONARCH .
«
vmm -Cl'CliE _A.\l]F.\CTlJßl\G co., $
,*. 3 and 5 Front St., San Francisco, ,♦'
.*. I AM. SHOWN & SOX, 807 Market, Ar" t, .ft
•*' C. F. SALOMON'S ON & CO., Twelfth and •*<
: 'A__-,- Franklin streets, Oakland. Agent., >*>
lßii>i*>i»i»i*Y»i»i*>ij '»>»»:*S
BICYCLES BIJLT TO ORDER.
Expert Cycle Repairing:
FOR THE TRADE A SPECIALTY.
YOSEMITE CYCLE WORKS,
| 112 Golden Gate Aye., S. F.
mWUBBLI WILCOX COMPOUND
Tm WILCOX COMPOUND
TTansy® PILLS
ANSY9P/LLS
__-*raK.ti^foa.d SURE. Always reliable. Ta_»
■OTODstltute. Forsalebyalidrneglsts. Send
tor noma*-* Safeguard. Wli.vox sPFf'IFIO
1 ___M S°UTK EIGHTH BX , I'll 1 1 ADA., FA.
NOTARY PUBLIC.
NOTARY PUBLIC.
CHARLES H. PHILLIPS, ATTORNEY- AT-
law and Notary Public, 638 Market su, oppo-
site Palace Hotel. ■. Telephone 570- Ke»ideno« 18* M
| --uk. Telephone "Piae'" Jiai. • •*.most experienced piscatonaiists of the Pa
cific Coast:
Many of our fishermen still cling to the hope
that our streams wili someday Di stocked with
varieties of trout which -ill remain continu
ously in the streams in wnich they are placed
and supplant the indigenous variety which run
to salt water. Now, a rule thought on this
subject should convince them that they hope
in vain. Every effect Jus a cause. If our in
digenous trout is enadromou's there certainly
must be a cause for i;, and in this case tne
cause is not difficult to find. Our seasons are
divided into two, the wet and the dry.
During long, dry summer the germination
of parasites in the water is very great. These
prey on the fish as a.-as do on a dog, causing
them to seek relict This they find in cool
temperatures or sal'ne water, hence it has be
come a habit of the suedes. Insect pests are
the cause; the" migration to salt water the
effect. Now when we place foreign varieties
of the same species under the same conditions
is it not natural to .issume that they will adopt
the same habit as the indigenous species? The
cause which forced the habit on one species
will do soon th*- other. Take our California
trout and place it in -eastern waters, where the
trout do not se<k the sea, and they will soon
adapt themselves to their changed conditions
and remain ii. the streams where they are
paced. ,*■.-■
- '1 hese facts being clear, is it not better for us
to protect the fish we have and be thankful
that it has no superior, either as a game
fighter or a toothsome dish, when caught?
The clause in our fish laws permitting the cap
ture of these fish in tide-waters when they
come in fro the sea to spawn is very perni
cious, and opens the door to illicit practices
and fraud-, which it is almost impossible to
counteract. Expunge this clause and protect
the true California trout, or steelhead, iridea,
or whatever you may elect to call our native
trout, and our streams will again become pro
ductive.
CRICKET CHIRPS.
Concerning One cf the Most Sensa-
tional Events In Cricket Annals.
In their expedition against the cricket
forces of Great Britain the hitherto con
quering eleven from Australia have struck
, a hard and knotty snag. This occurred in
a contest with the If. C. C. and Ground,
the latter team including in its roll such
eminent cracker jacks as Grace, Stoddard,
Jackson and Ranjuxiubji. Tbe M. 0. C.
going in compiled the for them modest
score of 219 runs.
Then followed one of the most remark
able collapses in the whole history of
cricket, the entire Australian team falling
for eighteen runs. To this paltry total
Graham and Trott contributed four and
Bix runs respectively and Kelly eight,
Then Pougher of the M. C. C. got in bis
fine worn and took all tbe remaining
wickets without the cost of one run. This
inimitable achievement has created the
greatest excitement throughout cricket-
Corn.
Who shall stop playing cricket on the
fcoreofage? Playing at Finsbury Park,
London, for the North London Tradesmen
against the Munro 0. C, the veteran
bowler. Charles Absolon, 79 years of age,
has just taken 8 wickets for 70 runs. El
derly members of our association will
please make a memorandum of this
"chirp."
Nottingham has been worsted by Mid
dlesex to the tune of 123 runs.
In the Surrey-Derbyshire match, the re
sult of which is not yet to hand, Abel of
fcurrey scored 109 without a chance.
I mentioned some weeks since that the
Haverlord College cricket eleven was about
to sail for England to compete with the
leading public schools. They are the first
of our college cricket teams to venture be
yond our own borders, and their progress
abroad will be watched with interest by
players on both sides of the Atlantic.
Br decisive victories over strong teams from
Harvard University and the University of
Pennsylvania the Kaverfordians have re
tained the championship of the Intercollegiate
Cricket Association, and in their other games
they nave proved themselves a match tor the
best Philadelphia clubs in their spring or
early summer form, says an exchange. On
the other hand, their schedule includes
matches with the very pick of the English
schools. C. W. Alco^'k, editor of Cricket and
secretary of the M. C. C, kindly undertook the
arrangement of the team's fixtures and Las
succeeded iv securing the following excellent
schedule:
June 29, 30, Cheltenham College; July 1. -J, j
Wind College; July 4, Rugby School;
July 6, Ha'.leybury College; July 7, Marl
borough Colk-ge; July 8, 9, M. C. C. at Lords;
July 16, 17. Repton .tool; July 18, Harrow
fcchool; July 22, Charterhouse School; July _:;,
Eton College: July 24, 25, Clifton College ;"Julv
27, 23, Malvern College; July 31 and August;
1, Captain Leveson-Gower's Oxford University
eleven ; August. "3. 4, Cambridge University
Long Vacation eleven.
J. A. Lester, "96, is captain of the team;
Henry Cope of Germantown, an old liaverford
graduate, ha* undertaken the general manage
ment of the expedition ; and Dr. W. P. Mustard,
professor of Latin at riaverford, will accom
pany the party to represent the college in
dealing with the officers of the English schools
and to act with the captain and manager on'
the advisory committee.
The scheduled cup match for to-morrow
Is between the Alamedas and Bohemians
at Goiden Gate. The Pacifies and San Joses
meet in an unofficial contest at Alameda.
Either event should be well worth wit
nessing. ; Umpire.
HANDBALL.
Games That Will Be Witnessed by
a Large Crowd To-Morrow.
The following games of handball will be
played to-morrow in the San Francisco
Handball Court. The contests will be un
der the supervision of Colonel John Pat
rick Francis O'Reardon :
Dan Rodgers and M. McNeil vs. P. Ryan and
<1. McDonald; Joe Collins and M. Edwards vs.
It. Murphy and J. White; George Hutchinson
and P. Kelly vs. J. .-"lattery and D.Connolly;
J. F-:eney and R. Lenihan vs. J. Harlow and
P. Hutchinson; John Riordon, toast cham
pion, and J. C. Nealon vs. T. P. Bonnet and P.
Donnelly.
The last games at the Union Handball
Court, under the supervision of Billy Mc-
Manus, the present proprietor, will be
played to-morrow. For the occasion sev
eral of the leading players in the City will
participate in the games among them, J.
(_'. Nealon, T. F. Bonnet, P. T. Donnelly,
the amateur champion, M. J. Kilgallon
and others. A new lessee has not yet
come forward, ana lovers of the game are
hopeful that whoever it is he will make
the court as popular a resort as McManus,
who has leased the Charter Oak saloon on
Market street. Tho games to be played
to-morrow are: H. Batzner and J. McGov
ern against H. McKenna and George
Ackerson; W. McManus and John -IcNa
mara against Judge Campbell and Tom
O'Brien; J. J. Feeny and Terry McManus
against R. Lenihan and J. Nelson; J. C.
Nealon and T. F. Bonnet against P. T.
Donnelly, amateur champion, and M. J.
Kilgallon. Ywiyy-
Sacramento Sporting News.
SACRAMENTO, Cal.,' June 19.— The cap
ture of a silver or yellow bass in the Ameri
can River, near Folsom, has produced a
vast amount of discussion among the anglers
of tnls locality as io the origin oi the fish, as it
is not known that any of this variety was ever
planted in the waters of this coast. Trout are
6aid to be rising to the fly in the Truckee
waters, and up on the McCloud Russ Flint,
Sacramento's crack long-distant caster, reports
pood sport.
The teams who tied for second place in the
late handball tournament of the Sacramento
Athletic Club played off their ties during the
week, BirdsaU and Bauer winning.
The scores were as follows:
Yoerk. and Paven beat Gunderson and Mc-
Clatchy— 21 to 16.
Bauer and BirdsaU beat Yoerk and Payen—
21 to 14. .--■■•■*•■-,-
Bauer and BirdsaU beat McClatchy and An
derson—2l to 11.
Anderson and McClatchy beat YDerk and
Paven— 2l to 10.
Voerk and Payen beat Bauer and BirdsaU—
21 11. .
Bauer and BirdsaU beat Anderson and Mc-
Clatchy— 2l. to 18.
Preparations are being made for a chicken
main, .to be held near this City, on a near date.
The Pelican Club will hold a live-bird shoot
on. Sunday next, and on the same day the
Spoonbill Club will hold it« closing prize shoot
of the season ; so far John Fitzgerald is in the
lead and bids fair to win out.
The coming indoor bicycle tournament to bo
given in the State Agricultural Pavilion at Sac
ramento on July 23, 24 and 25 is attracting
widespread attention among lovers of the
sport. M. X. Winans, the promoter, is sparing:
neither money nor pains to make the meet one
of the greatest attractions of the season.
A six-lap track is now in course of construc
tion and Is designed to be the fastest indoor
track in the world, as well as the largest. If
this meet proves a success Mr. Winans will
undoubtedly secure the National meet of Feb
ruary, 1896.
Stewart L'pson bas returned Irom an 800
- Upson has returned from an 800
-mile bicycle business trip through the north
ern portion of the State and claims that the
increase of interest in sports of all kinds
throughout the northern portion of the State
Is simply wonderful. Especially is this the
fact in tennis and trap-shooting.
At Keewick, in the neart of the mountains,
a few miles from Redding, a tennis tourna
ment is now in progress with twenty-seven
entries, and blue rock clubs have been lately
established at the towns of Willows, Orland,
Corning, Biggs and Red Bluff. At Redding
bicycling has become almost a craze, Mr.
Upson reports that never in his long experi
ence lias he seen such large numbers of fish
and game, doves being especially plentiful.
The first crop of the latter is flying and the sec
ond crop is in the nest, thus proving that the
new game law is eminently Deneficial.
Rutherford.
♦
Stockton Sporting News.
STOCKTON, Cal., June 19.— track at
Goodwater Grove is now being fitted up for
the field-day games that are to take place here
on July 4. It is one of the best in the State
for cycling and some records will probably be
broken on the Fourth. The Capital City
Wheeelmen, Terminal City Wheelmen, Stock
ton Road Club, Reliance, Acme and Olympic
clubs are all training for the events. The med
als and prizes will be valuable. Carkeek is
training here for the half-mile run, and will
show the fliers from other clubs some great
speed. Ed I 'acne is doing good work in the
sprints, and is getting very close to even time.
Yesterday he injured his leg a trifle, but to
day he is better. Carter will also enter the
sprints.
E erybody here is greatly excited over the
prospect of the Giants winning the senior
barge race and taking the laurels away from
the South Ends. The men are training hard
and the new boat is expected from the East at
any time. The oars arrived here yesterday by
express and the boat is coming by fast freight-
It has cost the club, including transportation,
some $450, and should be the best boat o i the
coast to-day. With the great strength the
Giants have they should be able to break all
records on the Fourth of July.
The programme for the boxing tournament
on the evening of the Fourth has about been
arranged. Jack Hopkins of the Phcenix Ath
letic Club will go up against lien Maxwell, a
local colored pugilist, in an eight-round con
test. This will be a hot battle, and both men
are in active training for the event.
George Green feud Willis Armstrong will give
a six-round exhibition, and then Van Buskirk
and Patsev Corrigan will meet in the eight
round contest. The event of the evening will
be an eight-round bout between Charlie Tur
ner, formerly of this city, and Tom Barry, the
erstwhile middle-weight champion of the coast.
Barry is training at Antioch. Corrigaa is
training here and getting some of his flesh off.
Entries are beginning to come in for the
field-day events, and it is evident that the
games at Goodwater Grove will be a great
uocess.
The Stockton Road Club, which was organ-
The Stockton Road Club, which was organ
ized about a week ago, has some very speedy
riders in It and wiil make a good showing in
the races on the Fourth. Tnere will be a one
mile county championship race on that day
and this will bring out ail the local talent.
There is a project ou foot to hold a 25-mile
track relay race between the members of the
bicycle annex of the Stockton Athletic Asso
ciation and the Stockton Road Club. This
will probably come off soon.
Arrangements are being made for several
hose races here, and one week from next Sun
day there will be three races at Goodwater
("rove.
Portland Sporting News.
PORTLAND, Or., June 19.— The first big pro
fessional cycle meet in the Northwest will be
held to-day (Saturday) on Multnomah held.
The entries from California are John F. Stayer,
H. B. Freeman, Harry F. Terrill, Robert L.
Long, Bay City Wheelmen; Clarence L. Davis,
Olympic Athletic Club. There are two ama
teur events on the card, the mile and the half
mile.
A week's racing closes at Irvington to-day.
The string of California horses leaves here
Sunday morning on a special train for Spo
kane. "The attendance was very good.
In the interclub bowling tourney in the
Cocked Hat Association the Multnomah bowl
ers lead.
A lot of amateur ball-players, who forfeited
their amatuer stand. to enter the new Pa
cific League, are doing a great deal of growl
ing now that the league has disbanded. - •
Great interest is already aroused among the
local athletic clubs lv the proposed visit oi the
Olympic Club's athletic team next week.
The Multnomah Club team, which will meet
the visitors, will be one fairly representative
of the Northwest, and it goes without saying
that it will be the strongest aggregation that
ever wore the club's colors. At .its spring
fames the athletic team established six new
. N. A. records. • ■' *- *.
The Portland Athletic Club captured several
Important events at the games last week. Its
regular monthly entertainment was largely
attended. The club is in a prosperous condi
tion.
The Olympic Athletic Club filed articles of
incorporation this weeK and organized for
business. It is composed of younger mem
bers.
A proposition for a Pacific Coast relay race
from Portland to San Diego or San Francisco is
meeting with favor here.
TAMALPAIS EXCURSION.
First Scenic Railway Trip Up
Marin County's Great
Mountain.
The Whole Length of the Read Frcm
Base to Summit Is Given at
Eight Mil
A merry party of about thirty people ac
cepted the invitation to take the first trip
over the Mill Valley and Mt. Tamalpais
Scenic Railway on Saturday last.
On reaching the terminus of tne narrow
gauge road at the depot, a narrow-gauge
locomotive, attached to which was a
handsome, commodious observation car
similar to the open, ones on the Cliff
House road, except that on each side
were sliding gates that could be closed by
a lever in the hands of the conductor at
one end of the car before the train started,
thus preventing the possibility of a person
being thrown out of the car while in
motion. It had a seating capacity of
sixty, and was furnished with powerful
brakes on the wheels, and as an extra pre
caution had "track-brakes" as well, to be
used in cases of emergency.
On the way up our whole attention was
occupied with the strangeness and beauty
of the trip. "While as a feat in engineer
ing the building of the road may not be
remarkable, yet everybody wondered at
the conception and the skill that con
structed it.
For the first mile or more the track fol-
lows up the Biithedale Canyon, rising
higher and higher above the bed of the
creek, running through the shady forest of
redwoods, buckeyes and fragrant bry
trees, with here and there a cozy cottage
tucked away in some sequestered
nook; passing now an artificial
pond, with its pretty boats and
the children playing in them,
now giving a glimpse of a camping party
with its tents and hammocks and all sorts
of out-of-door conveniences. Close below
lay the little villages of Mill Valley and
Biithedale, almost hidden among the
tre Beyond opened out the bay of Sau-
salito, with its big ships, steamers and
jaunty yachts and pleasure boats,
while on the steep hillsides above could
be seen the villas and cottages nearly
hidden in the abundant growth of trees
and shrubbery; then there came tothe
view the farther reach of the waters of the
bay of San Francisco, Alcatraz, with its
bristling cannon, Verb- Buena and Angel
Island, Goat Island and the Two Brothers.
The whole length of the road from base
to the summit of the mountain is nearly
eight miles, stopping some 250 feet below
the almost perpendicular ja»ged peak on
top; up this good trails will be made, so
that one will feel that he has bad some-
thing to do in the way of mountain climb
ing.
It is expected that the road will bo com
pleted by the first of August and that from
its opening it will afford one of the most
popuiar trips in the State of California.
Granville's Money.
Joseph O. Granville yesterday applied for
letters of administration on the estate of his
father, Thomas Granville, -who left $2952,
money in bank. . _ * ....'■•
Norman Is Insolvent.
William Norman has filed a petition in Insol
vency. He owes about $600 and has no ap
parent assets. -
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JUNE 20, 1896.
THOSE WHO WILL
BE IN FRONT ROWS
Members of the Civic Feder
ation at the Prize-
Fights.
CORBETT ON NEALON.
Believes Him to Be a Magnificent
Specimen of "Old Man-
hood."
THEY WILL PLAY HANDBALL.
Former Methods of Training Have Been
Broken Away From by Both
Broken Away From by Both
Pugilists.
Handball is the fin de siecle method of
training pugilists for the ring. -
Dumb-bell Sifting has gone entirely out
of use and so has club-swinging. 'Wrest
ling is only used in moderation/ and even
sparring is now indulged in but
moderately. As to dieting, it is no longer
thought of, excepting when it is necessary
so as to reduce the fighter to certain
weight.
Corbett, at the Olympic Club on this
side of the Day, and Sharkey at the Acme
Club on the other side, are exemplifica
tions of the new system of training, and
both men are in fit condition to-day to
enter the ring.
They have nearly a weeK more to wait
for results, and they will not allow them
selves to become "stale," nor will they
overtrain. They will simply continue
playing handball at the rate of a half
dozen games each day.
Sharkey, however, in addition to this
does considerable walking and sprinting
to better his limbs as well as his wind.
He drinks nothing but tea, coffee and ale
—very little of the latter. Corbett, on the
other hand, stints himself in nothing his
appetite or taste dictates.
These handball games in which Corbett
indulges are witnessed daily by an inter
ested crowd, who marvel at the supple
ness of the champion's limbs and the
rapidity with which he can run his im
mense frame around his smaller oppo
nents.
Hampton, the Olymnic Club's champion
handball player, and Corbett make a mag
nificent pair of player.". Up to date their
games have been a tie after many hours of
hard and clever playing. Corbett is firm
in the belief that in a number of suc
cessive games he could outlast the little
man, and it is quite likely he could, his
physique and condition coming to his as
sistance, y --YY
Jim Nealon, the other man of handball
renown who has come against Corbett, is
not so young as Hampton, nor is he as
■ight on bis feet; still he has been able to
hustle Corbett around very lively in a
strange court with' a smaller area and a
softer bail than he has been in the habit of
playing.- Y'X Y;Y
Corbett is one of Nealon's greatest ad
mirers. He was speaking absut him yes
terday afternoon in his brother's place,
where a number of newspaper men met
him. YiY
""Do you know," said the champion,
"that I don't think that I have ever met a
man in my life I have found to be so per
fect in constitution and physique as Jim
Neaion? Of course I'm talking now about
men of his age, *
"Let's see. ; My father is past 55 years of
ape and Jim >eulon is older than he. He
must be going on 80. Still, he's as lively
as a lad of 20 and as strong as an ox. He
strips well and bis wind is great. I don't
know that i have got anything to boast of
if Ido beat Jim. Why shouldn't I, con
sidering 1 am a young man and be is so
old ? I will back him if he would play
j against any handball- player in the world
: of his ace."
Corbett's admiration for James Nealon's
ability represents tne sentiment of all the
people who know him. He is certainly an
athletic man of note, and he is a man who
has never smoKed a cigar, cigarette or
pipe, nor has he ever taken a drink of
strong liquor in his life.
But to get back to Corbett. -.*
The newsboys on Powell and Eddy
streets take a recess every afternoon about
the time the champion is on his way
from exercise at the club to his brother
Harry's saloon. They cease peddling
their papers and their traffic in transfers
to "lay" for Sullivan's victor.
As soon as he comes in sight they make
a run for him, and like a giant he stands
among so many pigmies.
"Scramble fur us, Jim !" they yell on all
sides, and Jim can't help laughing as he
gazes upon the earnest faces of the
expectant little fellows. He knows
quite well what they mean, and he
reaches down into his trousers pockets for
dimes and nickels. He gets this every day
and he is always prepared.
Hauling out a handful of small coins he
hurls them as far up the street as
he can and watches the gamins
"scramble" to pick them up. It is great
fun, but before it is quite over Corbett
starts on a run for his brother's resort to
get away from the returning youngsters.
Corbett's exercise yesterday consisted of
a nine-minute boxing bout with heavy
weight Van Buskirk, after which he im
mediately sparred a round with E. Hislop
and one with Bob McCord.
All this boxing was done without any
interruption excepting the change of
opponents, Corbett being by far the fresher
man of the quartet at the end of the exer
cise.
Following this Corbett and Fred Butz
played and won three frames of handball
against Edward W.Lewis and James C.
Nealon. In these four-handed games the
last two gentlemen did not show to any
great advantage, the Corbett company
winning easily with scores of 4 to 21, 10 to
'li and '6 to 21. The last game came very
near being a "sKunk," Corbett and his
partner reaching nineteen points before
their opponents got a cbalkmark.
James C. Nealon, when seen after the
1 lay, stated that he did not care very
much, anyhow, for a four-handed game.
"I will "meet Ccrbett next Sunday in a
single-handed game and 1 will come pretty
near showing him what handball playing
is. I believe I can defeat him, and I shall
certainly try."
Mr. Nealon is the crack player of the
Occidental Handball Club and his recent
defeats by Corbett have caused much com
ment. * .. - -. y
In explaining them yesterday he said :
"I am not used to playing in a small
court, iror do I care to play with a soft
ball. But I am getting used to the
Olympic's court and on Sunday I'll be as
familiar with it as Corbett is."
The seats for the contest have been going
so fast that the entire downstairs part of
the Mechanics' Pavilion will bo sold out
before Tuesday next. No seats will be
Bold for the gallery until the night of the
contest, when they will be handed out at
$2 apiece at the box-office.
The National Athletic Club has certainly
made a gr-at stroke of business, . finan
cially, in getting up this contest, and is
seriously considering building up more
seats on the lower floor to accommodate
the demand. .?■■;
Some of the. peonle who have been
tendered the choice boxes and seats are:
Civic Federation, box '42, -section B; Gov-*
ernor James H. Budd, box 49, section B; Mayor
and Board of Supervisors, boxes 42 and, 49,
section A; Board of Police Commissioners, box
41, section A. ,*,.';"_-.-
The Bohemian Club will occupy sec
tions F and I; Pacific-Union and Cosmos
clubs, section A; Olympic Club, sections
B, L and M.
CORBETT WILL PLAY BALL.
Ho Makes His Appearance at Pre-
sidio Park Next Sunday.
The third game of the City league base
ball championship series will be played at
the Presidio Athletic Park to-morrow. The
Pacifies and the Imperials will be the con
testants and a real old-fashioned game is
sure to result as both teams are heavy bat
ters. V V
The Imperials have been materially
strengthened since they played the Cali
fornia?, and this being their second game,
they will naturally improve in their team
work. Nicols is said to be an expert
twirler, and if he is able to hold the Pa
cifies down a bit the sloggers of his team
will surely hammer out a victory.
The Pacifies, on the other hand, are
leaders in the race so far, having won the
only game in which they participated, and
are confident of adding tho Imperials
scalp to their collection.
Following is the make-up of tha oppos
ing clubs:
PAdFICS. Imperials.
Hammond Catcher Green
Mccarty Pitcher.. Nicola
Wilds..... First base Bliss
Beckett... Second base Creamer
Mcuermott bird base. Bodis
Gimmell Shortstop Crowley.
Muller Left field Hall
Strei Center field Long
"N'ilaud Right field Monett
On Sunday, June 28, Champion James
On Sunday, June 28, Champion James
J. Corbett will play first base with one of
the teams who contest on that day. Cor
bett is a good average player, and will
strengthen whichever club he elects to
play with. A big crowd of his admirers is
expected to be on hand to encourage his
efforts. ' .
STAMPEDED THE HERD.
How Pat McDonougli'i Friends Res-
cued His Cattle From the
Authorities.
Pat McDonough, who keeps a dairy
ranch on the San Bruno road, would have
had to bail his cattle out of the Pound
yesterday but for the assistance of the
neighbors, and now he is liable to lose his
milk permit and some of his friends their
liberty over the affair. 1 V ; -
Some time ago McDonough was warned
to keep his cows out of the swamp and he
did until the Board of Health employes
turned their backs. Then the cows went
back to the morass.
Yesterday Inspectors Dockery and
Davis caught ten of McDonough's cows
feeding in the swamp arid started to drive
them to the Pound. McDonough hastily
gathered a number of his neighbors, made
a short cut through the hills and just
about the time the authorities thought
they had the bovines safe a cavalcade on
horseback and in wagons beating tin cans
and howling wildly swept down on the
herd aud stampeded it effectually.
The last the inspectors saw of McDon
ough's cows they were headed for home
with flying tails, and McDonough is on
the black list. V *
ENDEAVOR GUARANTEE FUND.
Large Sums Promised for the C. E.
Convention Next Year.
The committee having charge of ar
rangements for the annual Christian En
deavor Convention for San Francisco in
July, 1897, have been actively engaged for
the last few days in a canvass for a $25,000
guarantee fund to cover the expenses of
this important convention, and are pleased
to report as an earnest of tbeir efforts the
following subscriptions:
San Francisco Examiner $1000, Pan Fran
cisco Christian Endeavor societies $5000, Ala
meda County Christian Endeavor Societies
$2500, Market-street Railway Company $2500.
It is expected other subscriptions will be
announced to-morrow. The form of sub
scription is as follows:
On May 1, 1807, we, the undersigned, sev
erally promise to pay the amounts set opposite
our respective names to William H. Crocker or
order for the purpose of defraying the expense
of the internationel Christian Endeavor Con
vention, providing same is secured for San
Francisco in July, 1897; otherwise these sub
scriptions to be void.
NEW TO-DAY. y'y'fX
self growing more con- |( Mat^p£g, kff_!lll?Pi_k iw_ H -
Is it not strange^ that j" ' '''HllMJlllJ^f/I^^^^^^^llilll
woman" we should find | H I K&l |I<^^^^^^^^^|S
tion ]in man himself ? } || ml m^^^^w\ %
Man is not what he ■ w--^*^ |f
was. He is not what he should be, and woman, realizing his
was. He is not what he should be, and woman, realizing his
weakness, is making very commendable efforts to usurp the
weakness, is making very commendable efforts to usurp the
3rown of superiority.
3rown of superiority.
Shame upon our manhood — rather the lack of it. The curse
Shame upon our manhood— rather the lack of it. The curse
Df a nation is the weakness of its men. More energy, more
Df a, nation is the weakness of its men. More energy,, more
nerve, is needed. Excesses and dissipation have played havoo
nerve, is needed. Excesses and dissipation have played havoo
with tho nerves of the men of to-day.
with tho nerves of the men of to-day.
Manhood Quickly Restored.
Manhood Quickly Restored.
Westminster, Orange Co., Cal., May 18, 1896.
Westminster, Orange Co., Cal., May 18, 1896.
Dr. A. T. Sanden— Dear Sir: The Belt which 1 bought irom you some time ago has cured
me. My disease was seminal weakness of five years' .standing. I nad emissions on an avetage
of live times a week, and many times three in one night. I used all kinds of drugs and pat-
ent medicines, and was, when I began your treatment, in a very weak condition, I both
from my trouble and the many diffirjnt drugs I had taken. As soon as I applied your belt I
found relief from my losses, in throe weeks a general improved conditon, and I am now en-
tirely cured. I cannot say too much in praise of your Belt. Yours truly. J. M. HUBBARD.'
That man may be more manly and woman more womanly ia
That man may be more manly and woman more -womanly is
the aim of Dr. A. T. Sanden, author of the famous book, " Three
the aim of Dr. A. T. Sanden, author of the famous book, " Three
Classes of Men." A pocket edition of this famous work can be
Classes of Men." A pocket edition of this famous work can be
bad free upon application at the office or by mail, sealed.
had free upon application at the office or by mail, sealed.
It also gives proof of the wonderful cures performed by Dr,
V It also gives proof of the wonderful: cures performed by Dry
Sanden's Electric Belt. Call or address
•Sanden's Electric Belt. Call or address
js___._>a"3->3_-->a" EuiacTi-io co..
JS»___,_>J3_»__S_>ar EUBCTI-IO CO.,
630 MARKET ST., OPPOSITE PALACE MOTEL, SAN FKANCISCO.
630 MARKET ST., OPPOSITE PALACE HOTEL, SAN FRANCISCO.
Office Hours— a A. M. to 8:30 P. M.: Sunday*, 13 is I.
Office -Hours— 3 A. M. to 8:30 i_V M.; Sundayj, 1- ts 1.
— OFFICES -&.«_?— — ■'-"•** XX
LOS ANGELES, CAL, V I PORTLAND, OR.
-14 -outh Broadway. 1 y 263 Washington street. -
SPRECKELS GIVES
A VALUABLE CUP.
A Very Rich Stake Event
Planned for Next
Year.
FOR THREE - YEAR - OLDS.
The Pacific Coast Jockey Club
to Hold the Race An-
nually. \
BUILDING A NEW CLUBHOUSE.
An Elegant Structure at Ingleside to
Ba Finished by October 15th
Next.
The horsemen who bring their equines
to attend the next meeting of the Pacific
Coast Jockey Club, which begins in Octo
ber of this year, will have an opportunity
to enter their crack three-year-olds in the
most valuable stake event ever run on this
coast.
California Las never had a big stake race
of the importance of the Suburban or
Brooklyn handicaps, and the lack of this
character of events has served to keep
many big turfmen of the East from send
ing their borses to San Francisco. The
Pacific Coast Jockey Club has been figur
ing on giving a race of such value that it
will pay horsemen from all over the coun
try to send in their entries, and at a re
cent meeting the plans were approved.
The race will be known as the "Spreckels
Cup," in honor of the president of the
club, who got up the scheme, and it will
be run during the month of April next, on
a date to be decided after the fall meeting
begins.
The next meeting will not see the last of
the Spreckels cup, however, for it will be
perpetuated by being run in each succeed
ing April as long as the Pacific Coast
Jockey Club conducts its meetings at the
Ingieside course.
Exclusive of entrance fees and forfeits
which should amount to a comfortable
sum the cup will be worth $7500 in coin to
the first three horses under the wire. Of
this the first horse under th,* wire will re
ceive $5000, the second $1500 and' the third
$1000. \ XYY.
The cash prizes will not be the only
thing for which the thoroughbreds will
strive, however, for a valuable cup will be
presented to the winner by President A.
B. Spreckels. This trophy will be worth
$1500 which will brine the value of first
prize up to at least $0500.
The distance will be one and quarter
miles.
Those who attend the fall meeting will
see one great improvement in the Ingle
side grounds in the shape of a handsome
clubhouse for the entertainment of the
enthusiasts who go early and stay late.
The plans were accepted some time ago
and yesterday ground was broken for the
foundations and work on the building will
be pushed steadily to a completion.
It is hoped to' have tho structure in
shape for occupancy on or before October*
15. The plans show an elegant and orna
mental buildinc, and neither pains nor ex
pense will be spared to make it the finest
racetrack clubhouse in the United Slates.
NEW TO-DAT. '_ _
IxIuTsioONFAUCTIiuALir
i| Saturday June 27,1896
ll ?^^^r„*^^i^t«ti^^^^U_^F^^. At l °'clock p- aI- on tne premises,
S at auction MURPHY STATION
BSBctSn MURPHY STATION
">e_t_ ArDPQo{ t*le Choicest Land in the
"> e_r_ ATDP-i of the Choicest Land in the
0.5 V /*WlVLw__? State of California.
sir_ ATDP-iin 1 and 2 year old PRUNE,
OU _^C'l\__;^ APRICOT and CHERRY TREES
In io=ACRE upward TRACTS
Being a Portion of the Renowned
MARTIN MURPHY HOMESTEAD TRACT
THE JAMES T. MURPHY SUBDIVISION.
The property stands without a peer for richness and depth of soil. Its prolific resources stand at
the head of any district in this State.
Seldom in a lifetime does such an opportunity present itself to the home-seeker, the fruiterer or
the person looking for a family resort wuer<- health combined with profit is at his command.
There are 10 pieces now planted in strong and thrifty one and two year old Apricots, Prunes,
Cherries and Peaches. The balance of the land is famous for its luxurious Browth of oak trees.
WHERE IT la AND WHAT IT Is— About midway between Sari Jose and Stanford University,
fronting the S. P. R. R. ; 8 miles from ban Jose, 7 miles from Palo Alto, 4 miles from Mountain View,
and at the Murphy Station. The soil Is 40 feet deep, is alluvial sediment and the very cream or this
rich valley. '1 his tract fronts on the main San Francisco and San Jose boulevard, and "is opposite the
magnificent prune orchard of _>. *_"*. Delmas valued at $1100 per acre.
To any and all persons wanting the best, richest and most productive land in this State this offering
certainly presents that golden opportunity. ' ;-;;.-■ -::■:'■
WE WILL RUN
j^^^^^^^Pll EXCURSION TRAIN
IMPORTANT AUCTION SALE
W^^^^^^^ IMPORTANT AUCTION SALE
Which will leave the Third and Townsend Street Depot, Pan Francisco, at 10 o'clock A. M. SATUR-
DAY, June 27, 1896, stopping; at Valencia-street station, San Mateo, Redwood and Menio Park,
returning leave Murphy Station at 3:30 o'clock P. M. same day.
Wl .OO— BOUND-TRIP TICKKT* 1.00. Tickets obtainable at our office on Friday,
June 26. 1896, all day. and on saturaay, June 27, day of the excursion, up to 9:30 o'clock A. M., arid
at the depot. Third and Townsend streets, and Valencia street, up to hour of leaving, 10 o'clock A. M.,
from our representative. From other stations on the train, from Sau Mateo, Redwood and Menlo
Park, round trip 50 cents. Free Collation on the Grounds. ;
T_KMS-One-Fourth Cash, balance In 1, 3 and 3 years, interest 8% per annum.
EASTOJ, ELDRIDGE & CO., Auctioneers, CBS Market St.,
Or WOOSTER & WHITTON, Real Estate Agents,
7 West Santa Clara Street, San Jose.
RAILROAD TRAVEL'
BIG REDUCTION 1 RATES BY RAIL
. ....T0....
PORTLAWD. OIFH.
_M^_3Hl_^^^;^^ii
j|^E____t__a_E3__«i^^^i
MONDAY JUNE 22
And Every Fifth Pay Thereafter.
Leave from S. P. Co.'s Ferry landing, foot
of Market St., at 8 p. m.
A m Including Bert- in Pullman Tour-
uQiUU Ist Sleeper
....ALSO....
First-class tickets, including berth In (&*| /Y.Ort
I'uilmau standard Sleeper. -tii)_.U
SPEC" _ NOTICE.
This train will not stop to driver or take on pay
Kpner-rs at Intermediate stations, nor will tickets ba
sold or baggage checkeJ to such points.
£^gp- Throngh Tickets for Puget. Sound
point* on Sale at Reduced Kate*.
For further information a ply at
613 MARKET STREET (Grand Hotel .
.':.-', Ticket Office), San Francisco.
RICHARD GRAY, . T. H. GOODMAN,
Gen. Traffic Mgr. Gen. Pass. Agt.
MVTHKBI l-AI-IFICr CO__r__»*.
(I'ACiriC SVBTKM.)
Ti-Mlna leave mill in-«> due lo nrrlffl Ml
BAH r:tA.\<:i.s<«i>.
LB WE — Fr-OM JCKB 7. IS9G. — ARKIVB
*6:00 a Niles, San Joso and Way Sfit:oi_ . . . »:*."»a
7:00\ Atlantic Express, Ogden and East.. *-4np
7:00 a Benicia, VacaviUe, lium??y. Sacra-
mento, Orovillj and Redding via
-Davis. fi:4,"ip
7:00 a Martinez, San Ramon, Napa, Calis-
toga and Santa Rosa 6:15p
8:30 a Nile«, San Jose, Stockton, lone,
Sacramento, Marysvillo and I.e.
Bluff 4:1.-»r
•S: 3o a Peters and Milton *7:13r
•IO_A Los Angeles Express, Fresno, Santa
Rarbara and Lot Angeles 4:4,"»p
»:o<»a Martinez and Stockton 11:45 a
»:OO.v Vallejo «:I.*>l'
1 :OOp Niks, San Jose and Livermore 8:45 a
•l:OOp Sacramento River Steamers *J»:0!»p
fl:3Cp Port Costa and Way Stations t7:45p
4:tt«i- Martinez, San Ramon, Vallejo,
Napa, Oalistoga, El Verano _nc
Santa Rosa 0:15*
• H»Bp Benicia, Vacaville, Woodland,
Knights Landing, Marysvillt,
Orovlll and Sacramento 10 :45 a
4:30r Niles, San Joso, Lirermore aad
Stockton 7il3p
4:_"»r Merced, Berenda, Raymond (for
Yosemite) and Fresno 11:411 a
_:00r New Orleans llxpre.-. I'resno, Bakers-
•i>-!.l, Santa Itarbara.l^is Aiigcle.",
Oeming, El Paso, New Orleans and
East lOjISa
S:*Or Santa Fo Route, Atlantic Express
for Mojave and East.... 10:l!tA
S:OOp VaUejo.... 11:43 a
C:Oi»i- Europeau Mail, Ogilen and Last.... 9:15 a
6:110 Ilavwarda, Nilcsaud SanJoie 7:15\
t7:«Ol- Valie.io 17:45p
7:09. Oregou Express, Sacramento, Marys-
.-.'..•- ville. Redding, Portland, Puget
Sound and Fast 1«:4»a
SASTA PUIIZ IHVIsION (XarroiT i"nnKf->.
:45a Santa Cruz Excursion, Santa Crua
. and Principal Way Stations ...... -"S^Sp
*:Isa Newark, Centervllle,San. lose, Felton, .--/. ': •:
Boulder Creek, Santa Cruz and Way
Stations 3:30p
•*:lsp Newark, Centcrrllk-, San Jose, Now
•Almaden, Felton, Boulder Creek,
S.-.utii Cruz and Principal Way
Stations *l 1:20 a
•}l:lsi- Ner.nrk. San Jose and Los Gatos.... I'->:soa
COAST IH VISION liliiid A TiMviisend Sis.)
•0:43 a Sau Jo_ 9 and Way Stations (New
•0:45 a ban .lofo and Way Stations (New
- Almaden Wednesdays only) ".. 9:47 a
•{7:3oa Sunday Excursion for San Jos^
Santa Crnz, Pacific Grove, ana
Principal Way Stations }9:33p
•:15a Ban Joso, Tres Pinos, Santa Cruz.
"..'-;'• Vacitlc Grove, Paso Robles, Sao
/.uis Ohi.ipo, Guadalupe and Prin-
cipal Way Stations 7ro3e
t-:47A Palo Alto and Way SUtions fliSOp
I0:««A San Joso and Way Stations s:ot)p
1 1 ISO a Palo Alto and Way Stations 3i3or
*2:;>oi- Sun Mateo, Mcnlo Park, San Jos*
: Gilroy, Tres linos, Santa Cms/
Salinas.Mnnterey and racilicGrnvo *IO:40a
•a::tup San Joso, Pacific Grove and Way
Stations *1;30P
*l:30p San Joseand Wuy 5tati0n5......... *«:oo.i
3i3oi> San Jose and Principal Way Stations "H-.-ISa
0:30 c San Joso an.! Way Stations «:::.">a
Hli-Hor- San Joeeand Way Stations t7:45r
NAN LLA^I>KO A.NU HAI»'AKI<> L'JIIAL.
i»G:OOAl •:.-.... .-..-;. ( 7ll«A
'- 8:OOa I t0:45.\
Irt.OOA Melrose, Seminary Park, iilla*
'"ioSp Fltchbnrgr, San Leaadro 'f |]sj:
8:00p , mn_ :■-• .; _t«Si
l:00p " "UU * 5:431
0:00p Harwardi. •*!**
3:30p .uajwarai. , 7:35r
7:<>op * :■" J ** R:4*>r
7:»Op I v B:4 "ii-
S:OOp ._ ■■ _ . . „., 9t_3i
Otßßv i Runs through to Niles. j- io:.-;)
"•Ill:15p^ tFromNlles. ____!____
CREEK ROUTE FERRY
from SAS FRiSCISCO — Foot of -aikct Street (Slip 8)-
- -.-:. C..X) ILOUA.M. U'-flO *2:30 t':'.
•1:00 y. "16:00 ♦6:00r.M.
From OAKUHD— Foot of Broadway.-— "-0:00 8:'
10:00 A.M. $12:00 ♦1:00 *t3:00 *3:00 JfcCt
*-3:00f.M. - ____^ ■
A for Morning. V for Afternoon.
' Sundays excepted. " t Saturdays on))
• J Sundays only.
1 1 Monday, Thursday and Saturday nights only
'-.'-•:• ""5 Siturd.iy.i pud Sundays for r-: .-> — . Crc«
tf&g* MANHOOD restoreiss
S* '<_? TO _r_S .-»? _£ tion ot * famous French physician, will quickly cure you of all ncr-
,i\ x- \) ."I _ - \T vous or diaeasas of the generative organs, such as Lost Manhood.
N : £SA.f \i " *_«_/ Insomnia,} in the Back, Seminal Emissions, Nervous Debility.
l _£**-•__ I Sffsfy Pimples, Unfitness to Marry, Exhausting Drains, Varicocele and
>£' r V --"-/•"■■- Constipation. It stops all losses by day or n"3h_ Prevents quick-
v" X_y \__/ nes3 of discharge, which If not checked leads to Spermatorrhoea and
orrnsp ._ _ aFTFn all the horrors of Impotency. «IT PI DESK cleanses theliver, the
ocrvrtt. and nr i cm kidneys and the urinary organs of all impurities.
CVPIDK-E strengthens and restores* small weak organs. ••••
..The reason suffers are not cured by Doctors Is because ninety per cent are trembled with
Pro-tat it i*. CUPIDENE Is the only kno^n remedy to cure without un ration. 5000 testimonl.
als." A written guarantee given and money returned if six boxes does not oil act a permanent cura
§1.00 a box, six for f}5.00, by mall. Send for free circular and testimonials.
Address M A VOL. 31 CINE CO.i 1170 Market street, San Francisco, Cat. For sale by
7 V.'i;y '-'•■;" ■■ UKOOKsj' I'liAKM al V, 118 PoweU sire*-
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
SAX FRANCISCO & NORTE PA-
CIFIC RAILWAY CO.
Tiburon Ferry— Foot of Marketst.
San Francisco to San Rafael.
WEEK DAYS^-7:30, 9:00, 11:00 a.m.: 12:35
3:30, 5:10, 6:30 p.m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:50
and 11:30 p. v.
SUNDAYS— 9:30, 11:00 a.m.; 1:30, 3:31
5:00, 6:20 p.m.
San Kafael to ""an Francisco.
| WEEK DA 6:IS, 7:50, 9:10, 11:10 a m-
12:45, 3:40, 5:10 P. *»r. Saturdays— trip'j
at 1 -.55 P. M. and 6:35 P. it.
SUNDAYS— 7:3S, 9:a6, 11:10 a. m.; 1:40, 3:40,
5:00, 6:25 p.m. *
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park sams
schedule as above.
Leave I !__»..,,, Arrive
T V,eave" In effect Arrive
San Francisco, i ■ Xpr\\ a. i San Francisco.
Wekk) Sun- ,_j^_£«^, j Sitn- , Wekk
Days, j days, destination. | JAY 3 | DaYB
7:30 am 7:o0 am Novato, [10:40 am 8:40 am
; 3:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma, ! 6:05 pm 10:10 am
6:10 pm 5:00 pm Santa Rosa. j 7:30 pm 6:15 pm
Fulton, I
7:30 am ; Windsor, j 10:10 am
Healdsbur?, |
Geyser ville, I
3:30 pm 7:30 am! Cloverdale. [ 7:30 pm | 6:15 pm
I Pieta, j — — -
7:30 am i Hopland <fc ' 10:10 am
» :30pm i 7:30 am Ukiah. j 7:30 m 6:16 pm
7:30 am 10:10 am
7:30 am Guerneville. 7:30 pm
3:30 pm j 6:15 PM
7:30 am 7:30 am Sonoma 10:40 am 8:40 am
and
5:10 pm 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. 6:05 pm 6:15 pm
7:30 am|7:3l) am] Sphft..rtrw., 110:40 am|10:10 am
3:30 pm 5:00 I beDaatoP°l- | 6:05 pm| 6:15 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs: at Geyserville for _ --gas Springs; at
Cloverdale for the Geysers; at Pieta for Highland
; Springs, Kelseyville. Soda bay and _akeport; at
j Hopland for Lakeport and Burt ett Springs: at
i t'kiali for Vichy Springs, Saratoga Springs, Bluo
j Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake. Upper Lake, I'omo, Poller
Valley. John Day's, Riverside, Llerley's, Bock-
n-ils. Sanhedrln Heights. Hullville, Booneville,
Greenwood, Orr's Hot Springs, Mendocino City,
Fort Bragg, Westport, V sal. Wiliets, Cahto, Co-
ve. o. Laytonviile. Harris, Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at reduced
rati s.
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all points be-
yond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices. 650 Markets-, Chronicle building.
H. C. WHITING, P.. X. RYAN.
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pas_ Agent.
. Atlantic "^feiD
T_ •.£• sr*kiZ3^&stE!i3m\
Trains leave from and arrive <<^^rtP^^_S^
Trains leave from and arrive dttvf^vypCyJi^filsrj
at Market-street Ferry. C*-^&*oZi'Trl
SANTA FE EXPKbsi
To Chicago via A. & P. Direct Line
Leaves every day at 5 p. m carrying Puilmau
Palace Sleepers and Tourist Sleepers to Chicago
! via Kansas City withou: change. Annex cara for
Denver and St. Louis. , .. _ „
lue Poi.-_._t B.,VI'A HE ROUTE EXCUR-
BIUNS leave every WEDNESDAY for BOSTON
i with the veiy latest up-to-date upholstered tourist
sleepers, in charge of experienced agents, running
lumugh to destination. ■-
The best rail war from California to the East.
New rails, new lies; no dust: interesting scenery;
: and good meals in Harvey's dining-roonn.
Ticket Ottice— 644 aiarket Street, : ,"
* Chronicle Building.
MTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD
(Via Sausalito Ferry).
From San Francisco, \ o-uui' n?lng June 15, 1896.
WEEKDAYS.
For Mill Valley and San Rafael — 7:00, *B*oo
9:1.> 10:15, 11:45, A. M.: 1:15, 6:.0, 4:15,
6:15. •b-flO.*):__ p.m.
Extra trips for San Rafael on Mondays, Wednea-
aays aud Saturdays at 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS.
For Mill Valley and San Rafael-*8:00, *9:00,
•10:00, 11:3 d A. M.;*»l_:BJ. »1 :30, *2:15, *4:00,
5:30, 6:45, 13:30 p. M. Ex. trip to Sausalitoat
11:00 a. m.
Trains marked * run to Si.n Quentin. **I'_:3o
p. m. does not run to Mill Valley.
THROUGH TRAINS.
For Point Reyes ana way Ions— 8:00 a. m.
Saturdays; 9 a. M. bond* s; 6:16 p. M. we k ays.
For Point Reves, Caza.lero and way stations—
8:00 a. M. Sundays: 1 :46 p. M. weekdays. "
v ' *j
E }p^MbUIM^ §
%a__fr-*-'o MARKE t" s iS^ES*
1112
THE COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMARY OP THE MARKETS.
Sixteen failures last week.
silver unchanged.
Wheat and Barley lower.
Oilier Cereals as before.
Hay weakening. Feedstuffs unchanged.
Beans quiet. YBwhSt?.
Old Potatoes weak.
Onions down to 15c per cental.
Vegetables not materially changed.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs as before. .
Young Poultry rather weaker.
Orchard Fruits sell welL
Berries more abundant and lower.
Provisions unchanged.
Hogs higher. Pal Mutton scarce.
Foreign Coal still scarce.
Grain Bags very firm.
THE "WEEK'S FAILURES.
The Bradstreet Mercantile Agency reports 16
failures for the Pacific Coast States and Territories
for the week ending yesterday as compared with 19
for the previous week and 18 for the corresponding
ween of 1808. The failures are divided anions the
trades as follows: 1 dry goods. 1 plumber, 1 ba_
erv. 1 fruit and saloon, 1 restaurant and hotel. 1
butcher, 1 crockery. 2 ions, 1 men's furnishing
goods, 1 .camels, 2 banks, 2 general store, 1 liquor.
Explanation.
Tbe arrow flies with the wind. Tbe top _,;ur»«
•t station Umlcate maximum temperature fc-r the
lays; thos<! underneath it. If any, the amount of
rainfall, of melted snow in inches and bundjtMtbs,
daring the 'past twelve hours. Isobars, or -solid
Uses, conn c; points of equal air pressure; iso
therms, or dotted lines, equal temperature.- '1 h«
word "high' means high farometric pressure and
is usually accompanied by fair weathei': 'low"
refers to low pressure, and is usually preceded
and accompanied by cloudy weather and rains.
"Lows" usually first appear on the Washington
coast. When the pressure is high In the mierioi
and low along the coast, and the isobars extend
north and south along the coast, rain is probable;
but when the "low" is inclosed with isobars of
narked curvature, rain south of Oregon is improb
able. a "high" in .be vicinity of Idaho, and
the pressure falling to the California coast, warmer
weather may be expected in summer and colder
•father in winter. The reverse of these conditions
"kill produce an opposite result.
"WEATHER BUREAU REPORT.
United States Department of Agkiccit
ti-re. Weather Bureau, San Francisco, June
19. 1896, sp. m. Weather conditions and general
forecast :
The following maximum temperatures are re
ported from stations In California to-day:
Eureka 69, Red Bluff 96. San Francisco 66,
Fresno 94. San 1. -lis Obispo 80, Los Angeles 80,
San Diego 72, Yuma IU4.
San Irancisco data— Maximum temperature 66,
minimi::.. 48. mean 57.
An area of high pressure is central this evening
In the vicinity of Vancouver Island, and the low
est pressure is reported from Southern Arizona.
This barometric gradient from Washington south
ward to Arizona causes moderate northwest winds
throughout the pacific Coast states. These will
continue Saturday and probably Sunday, and will
result in warmer weataer throughout California
during these days.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty hours
ending midnight. June 20. 1896:
Northern California— Fair; warmer Saturday;
fresh to br-sk northerly winds.
Southern California— Fair Saturday; light north
erly to westerly winds.
Nevada— Fair Saturday; probably warmer at
Carson city.
Utah— Fair; warmer Saturday.
Utah — Fair; warmer Saturday.
Arizona— Fair Saturday.
San Francisco and vicinity — Fair; probably
warmer Saturday; light to fresh variable winds,
generally northerly. W. H. Hammon,
',;-.*■• Forecast Official.
NEW YORK MARKETS.
Financial.
NEW YORK, N. V., June 19.— The nomina
tions and the adoption of the gold plank by the
Republicans at St. Louis yesterday served to
strengthen the marKet fo ■ securities to-day. The
news from London was also of an encouraging na
ture. The fact that there were no engagements of
gold for shipment to Europe to-morrow added to
the bullish feeling. Loudon buying was quite a
feature of the day, the foreigners having bought
about 25.0.0 shares. The decisive victor .- of the
gold men at st. liOnia was mainly responsible for
this buying. While the market rule firm
throughout, business was dull, the sales footing up
173,400 shares. . .J .< -
The gains in prices ranged from 1 j to % to 13'g
per cent, outside of Tobacco, which jumped irom
65 to 68 on a report that divMendson the common
will lie resumed next month. Speculation closed
quiet anl firm. Net changes show gains of 14(0)
fy's percent.
Bonds »ere lower, sales being 013,000.
Northern Pacific thirds fell 1 to 72; Oregon Im
provement consol lives certificates, 2 to 13.
In Government bonds 92000 registered fours of
1925 sold at 117 "*8 and $10,000 do coupons at
117%
-
FLOUR— Quiet, steady; Winter wheat, low-
grades, $1 70@2 65; do, fair to fancy, *2 4.-.®
3 45: do p.. ems. 93 70®3 90: Minnesota clear.
92 41»(a2 90: do straights, $2 95@3 55: do
patents. 93 25@4 30: rye mixture, iT-' 40;' a,:' 10;
superfine, 91 60(0,2 25: fine, $1 60(8,2 05. South-
crn Hour unchanged, weak. Rye Hour dull, steady
at $2 4uY0.2 80.
. RYE— Eirm: Western. 40@40*yfec.
CORNMEAL— Quiet; yellow Western, $2 05®
2 10: Brandy wine, 82 15.
BARLEY— DuII, weak: Western, 33y_®34c.
BARLEY MALT- Unchanged.
WHEAT— DuU, firmer; f. o. b.. 72% c: un-
graded red, 63@73c; No. i Nortnern, 67 1 .-.
.Options opened weak and deemed V_@s,£_on
easier cables. large receipts Weal and realizing,
rallied I@l V4C on free local covering, fell Vs®^'-*.
-and clos-d firm at Vs®Vic over yesterday, with a
fairly, active trade. July and September most
active. No. . red. June and July 64c; August,
64V_c: September, 64% c: December, 66c.
CORN— DuII, firmer; -no. •_, 340 elevator, 35c
afloat.
Options were dull and firm at V.@V4c advance.
July and September only traded in. June, 34c;
' July. 34@34*V8c: September, 36*__c.
OA rs— Finn. * ; X* ~YJ.rZ?
■ Options more active, easy. July and Sep
tember, 22c.
Spot prices: No. 2. 22:-: No. 2 white. 24V_c:
No. 2 Chicago. 22% c; No. 3. 21c: No 3 white,
23c: mixed Western, 22C__23i'_C: do white and
white state. 2-i®2Bc.
Provisions.
BEEF-Quiet; stead y; familj-. $8 50®9: extra
miss, $6&7. Beef hams, dull, $14 50®15. Cut
meats quiet; firm.
LARD— weak; Western steam, *4 40- city,
94 05; July, $4 40 Refined, dull; Continent,
94 70: South American, 8." 15: compound 4'0,4J 4c.
. PORK-Steady; Olu. 88 _.',(a,s 50: new, 88 75(a*9.
BUTTER— FairIy firm- state, dairy, 10@15c:
do creamer,, liv_'_»lsc: Western creamery, liy3
talent-; do factor,-, 8@llc; Elgins, 15Vic; imita
tion creamery. 10@12c.
CHEESr— Quiet; easy: State, large, 6%®7c;
• do small, 6Vi®7c; partsginis, 2@4y»c; full skims,
1 v_®2c
• EGGS— Quiet; State ana Pennsylvania, 12®
121/2 C; Western fresh, 10y2@12c; do case, 81 50
@2.
TALLOW— Quiet; firm; city, 3*"Ac; country,
_%©3% c.
COTTONSEED OIL-Qui-t; crude, 20@20*"Ac:
yellow prime, 25c: do. off grade, 24:140.
RESIN— DuII; steady: common to good, $1 70.
TURPENTINE— Steady, at 25ys.@26Vic! - -
POTATOES— Lower; l.rge supply; southern,
40c®$l 50.
RlCE— Steady; unchanged.
MOLASSES- Steady ; unchanged.
COEFEE— Barely steady: unchanged to 6 points
FINANCIAL.
CHICAGO GRAIN, PROVISIONS
AND NEW YORK STOCKS.
Writ: -.LUCK & CO.,
4 Leidesdorff St.. Tel. Main 1054.
BRANCH OFFICE
623 Market St., i'alice Hotel. Tel. Main 5828
J. S. IllillV, Manager.
Orders instantly executed on latest market quo-
tations. Reference Ist National Bank, S. F.
CHICAGO. PRIVATE WIRE. NEW iUtiK.
down; June, $11 90: July. $11 30: August, $10 69
®10 75; September. $10 30@10 49: March. $9 75.
spot Kin quiet: steady; .No. 7, 131/4—
SUGAR— Raw. easier; more ac ive; fair refining,
3%c: centrifugals, 96 test. 3S/jjC. Refined, dull,
unchanged.
Fruit and Produce.
APRICOTS— Bags, By-_U2c.
PEACHES— PeeIed, ft to, 12*V_c; do unpeeled.
6%(38c. .
PRUNES— Four slues, nominal.
RAISINS-Two-crown loose Muscatel. 3*V_®
3%c: do three-crown, 4sf.4l,jc: do tour-crown,
i'..(o(sc: do .London layers, 90c@$l; do clusters,
$1 2-@l 40. - -
Wool— Active; domestic fleece, 16@21c; pulled,
15®33c.
. HOPS— Quiet, steady. State common to choice,
2v_aBc; Pacific Coast. 2y2@7c.
' Merchandise.
PIG IRON — Moderate demand; American,
$11 70-313.
COPPER-Dull; lake. $11 90(312.
LEAD-Quiet: domestic. *3®3 02%.
TlN— Firm: straits. £13 50@13 60; plates, quiet.
_Pi__.__._v- Quiet: domestic. $4 05®4 10.
CHICAGO MARKETS.
CHICAGO. In„ June 19.— With the elimina
tion of the Republican Convention as a factor in
the wheat market.' trade in that grain fell into an
easy and quiet position. At the opening this morn
ing business was quite active, but after the expira
tion of the first half hour less animation was
noted. The direct influences having an adverse
effect on values were heavy Northwestern re
ceipts, 515 cars, lower Liverpool cables and fine
harvesting weather. Later in the session, on a re
port of a sharp demand for winter wheat at coun
try stations, shorts were Induced to cover, prices
recovering and advancing by the operation.
closing continental cables were generally lower.
Export clearances were fair at 282.700 bushels.
Damage was also reported from spring wheat sec
tions, and received more or less considers; ion.
t-eptember Wheat opened from 58% c to 58% c,
sold between 57y_@576/8c and 59y8c, closing at
58% c, %c higher than yesterday. Estimated re
ceipts for to-morrow 30 cars.
COR**-.\'o essential improvement In business
was perceptible in the corn market. It was the
same dull grind of scalping and local transactions
to which no real importance was attached. The
operations were based on the feeling of the wheat
market' with some reference also to heavy re
ceipts, 349 curs, and lower Liverpool cables. With
drawals from store were 304.424 bushels. Export
clearances were light at 37.200 bushels. Sep
tember corn opened at 29@29i/Bc,sold between 29c
and 295/gc, closing at 29%@29%'"'. yB@%c higher
than y esterday. Estimated receipts for to-morrow
400 cars.
OATS— Were easy and lower, both on their own
position as respecting the crop prospects and on
account of the weakness which surrounded them.
Receipts were free at 434 cars and 359,300
bushels were taken from store. Export clearances
were large at 312 586 bushels, The close was
. teady. September closed unchanged from yester
day. Estimated receipts for to-morrow 274 cars.
FLAX— Was steady. Cash 81%@81%c: July 81c ;
September. 821 _c. Receipts 17 cars.
VISION » — The product market was in
equally as discouraging a state as was any of the
grain markets. It was believed that the result of
the Republican convention would contribute to
the revival of business and strength, but hopes in
thin direction were not as yet realized. The run
of hogs at the yards this morning was heavy
which dampened the ardor of the buyers of the
product. September pork closed 10c under yester
day, September lard 2i/2(g>sc lower and September
ribs 5c lower. " *'■-
BUTTER— Liberal receipts: demand moderate;
market easy. Prices unchanged.
EGGS— Firmer. The demand showed Improve
ment. Prices unchanged.
MONEY— Was 5@6% on call and -% on
lime loans. New York exchange sold at 40c
premium.
(losing Prices.
WHEAT— June. 58c; July, 58@58"V%c; Sep
tember. 68*fe-
corn— June, 27«4c; July, 28Vac; September,
2»V_-9%®_
oats — uly. 171 4e; September. 1734 c.
PORK— July. $7 05: September, *7 f3*U»
LARD— JuIy, 64 12*V_". September, *4 30.
RlBS— July, $3 80: September, $3 97V_.
Livestock.
Livestock.
UNION STOCKYARDS, __* June -There
was about a usual Friday's supply of cattle to
day. Prices firm and but little changes. Hogs
easy and 6@loc lower, owing to a slow demand.
Offerings were moderate. Receipts of sheep were
light, and the feeling in tbat market was qt otably
s-rong.
CATTLE— Receipts, 3000. Fancy beeves, i*4 40
(£4 50; choice to prime, $4 15@4 35: medium
steers, $3 70@3 85: feeders, 93 40@3 85: common
to choice stock-ers. $2 70@3 40; bulls, $2 80@3 40;
calves, $3 6U@5 15.
HOHs- Receipts. ,29,000. Packing ana shipping
lots. $3 f>o'<t- 55; common to choice mixed.
.-;( 10'<-'< 45: choice assorted, »3 40>j- 50; light,
$3 20(2.3 55; pigs. $2 75-3 65.
SHEEP — Receipts. 8000. inferior to cuolct.
*2<a4 10: .-____, $ 2 70i_.6 50.
CALIFORNIA FRUIT SALES.
NEW YORK, N. V., June 19.— The Earl Fruit
Company sold California fruit in the Neutral Auc
tion to-day at the following prices: Plums—
Clvman, $1 6L'@l 70 per half crate.
Peaches— Alexander, $1 2t@l 40; Briggs Early
Jin, 95c@*l 15.
Apricots— sl 10@1 50.
Porter Bros. Company sold to-day California
fruit in consolidated auction-room as follows:
Plums— Abundance, $3 30(i4 05; Burbank, $3 25;
Clyman, $1 10@2 65.
Prunes— Tragedy, $2 BtJ@2 85.
Peaches— Early May, $1 10@2 10: Alexander,
$1 30@1 55.
Cherries— Centennial, Biggeareau, $1 85; Tar
tanans, $1 75. .
Apricots— Royal. 91 05@1 SO.
MINNEAPOLIS, Minn., June 19.— Porter Bros.
I Company sold to-day at open auction California
1 fruit as follows: Cherries— Royal Anne, $1 60.
j Plums— flyman, St. Catherine. Koenig Claude,
1 mixed, 81 50. Peaches— Alexander, $1 30® 1 35.
, Apricots— Royal, Bl®l 15.
CHICAGO. 111., June 19.— Porter Bros. Com
pany sold to-day California fruit in Consolidated
I Auction-room as follows: Tragedy. 91 80
(HI 70. Plums— Abundance, 91 85: Clyman,
1 $1 05®1 50; Brill, 81 40; Royal Hative. 8135®
I 140; Koenig Claude, 9120. Pears— Come-. In
half boxes, 81 15. Cherries— Royal Anne, 91 60®
1 70: Black Oregon, 81 20. Peaches— Alexander,
I «0c@81 20; Early May, 45@90c; Hate's Early,
90c. Apples— Red Astrachan, in half boxes. 81 15.
Apricots— Roy al, 4 ®.*1 : Mouigamet, 75@9('c
The Earl lruit Company so.d California fruit in
j the Neutral Auction to-day, realizing the ow
ing prices: Prunes— Tragedy, $2-0(0,2 80 per
half-crate. Plums— Clyman. $. 30(oj1 35 per
half-crate: Abundance, $130. Peaches—Alex
ander, 85cfge$l per box: Bng^s' Early May, 80c.
Apricots— ».c®Bl per half-crate.
MONTREAL, Quebec. June 19.— The Earl
1 Fruit Company sold California fruit at open auc
tion to-day, realizing the following prizes: 'Plums
i -$1 50@1 90 per halt-crate. Peaches— Bl 05®
; 1 40, per box. Apricots— 9l 05@1 35 per hali
; crate.
NEW ORLEANS, La.. June 19.— The Earl
Fruit Company sold California fruit at the follow
ing prices: Plums— sl 75 per half-crate. Cher
ries, 91 60 per box. Apricots— sl 50. Peaches—
91 30 per box.
DIN'S REVIEW OF TRADE.
NEW YORK, N. V., June 19.— R. G. Dun A Co.
will say to-morrow In their weekly review of trade:
Failures for the week have been 276 in the United
states, against 228 last year, and 28 In Canada,
against 31 last yen. There are continued signs
that again in business has begun. Stocks have
gone higher than they ere before the artificial
break ten days ago. Wh- at and cotton are in bet
ter demand. There is more confidence in mone
tary circles ami the tendency toward shrinkage In
great industries seems it. some measure at least to
be caeca While the outcome of the Demo
cratic Convention it uncertain and the great crops
are not yet wholly beyond danger a sure and
strong improvement could hardly be expected,
but. he tone In business circles has grown mere
hopeful. Clearing-bouse exchanges for the past
week are 3.4 per cent less than last year's and
Only 5.2 per cent less than In 1893.
The boot and shoe Industry not only holds Its
place as the most prosperous of the great indus
tries, but reports some gain both in order, and
prices. ,
Textile manufactures do not gain. There is
rather more hopefulness, which is telt in the arrest
or the decline 111 wool; prices average no lower
than June 1 and sales do not deer. se. Manufac
turers await orders which clothiers hope scon but
are not yet ready to give, and the only changes in
prices are declines ot 5 to 10 per cent in some very
iow-graue goods. The only change in CO tons is a
reduction in bleach shirtings in standards to the
lowest price ever reached, though the change dis
closes no new weakness, hut a belief that the time
lias come when sales can be affected by reduction,
and large sales are now reported. Stocks of deal
ers are bound 10 be so low that replenishment
would now ma a great change in the condition
of the Industry, ,
The watting in iron and steel brings a slightly
lower average in prices— the lowest sine- April 1,
and only 1.8 per cent above the lowest ofthe year,
though the combinations make no change in
quotations. Beams are quoted delivered instead
of at the mill, but numerous contracts are kept
back. Consumption of wire nails at current prices
has so declined that American wire rods are of
fered at competing prices in England. Scarcely
anything is done in iron bars, because steel bars
at 1.1 per cent take the business, and tbe billet
pool is still undersold about $1 by middlemen,
while many works are putting steel plants of
their own. Plates are weak, arid also sheets, and
orders for rails, though numerous, are not lame.
Southern No. 1 is offered $1 below Pennsylvania
bo,-. and gray forge is 10c lower at , Pittsburg.
Since coke was advanced to 82 per ton the ovens
at work have decreased 33 per cent and the
weekly output 60,463 tons, or 35 per cent.
BANK CLEARINGS.
NEW YORK, N. V., June 18.-Bank clearing
totals at the principal cities for the week ended
June 18, with comparisons, as telegraphed to
liratisireel's:
Percentage
Cities. Amount. Inc. Dec.
New York. 8602.102,444" 4.4
805t0n.... 81*,- 91.375 2.9 . ..
Chicago 1*0,6*5,643 1.8 .YY
Philadelphia....... . 66,499,763 ...... 12.2
St. Louis..... 23.343,918 ...... 0 4
Pittsbure.. 14,152,453 ..;... ,2.0
Cincinnati 11,48 .800 16.7
Baltimore... .;... 13,297,223 ...... 6. '4
San Francisco 13,377.115 0.6
Kansas City.... 9,515,7t"8 ■ 0.7
Omaha , 4.576.291 .47.8 .YYY.
Denver 2,624,529 ...... 10.3
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JUNE 20, 1890-
Salt Lake..'..;... 1,176,249 ...... ......
Los Angeles....... ' 1,001,108 ...... 12.2
Portland, 0r...... 1,068,325 ...... ....:.
Tac0ma............ 420,459 ...... 33.3
Seattle 821,417 95.0 ......
Spokane .409.230 1.2
Totals U. 5... ...... 51,038,570,808 ' 3.9
Outside of. New Yors: . ■<
City...". 436,463,364 ...... 2.2
DOMINION or CANADA.
Totals $19,090,453 14.7
, NEW YORK STOCKS. %.,
Bonds, Exchange, Money and Railroad
; Shares. ,"„'.. .yi'.-y;
Mon*-y on call has been easy at 2@2y_%; last loan
at 2%; closing offered at 2%. - Prime mercantile pa
per. 4%@5%. Bar silver, 68»ic. Mexican dollars,
535 3-0,94. *>'8c. Sterling Exchange Is easier, with
actual 'business in bankers' bills at .$4 87% for
60 days anil $4 88% for demand. Posted
rates, $4 88@4 89. Commercial bills, $4 85*4.
Government bonds steady state bonds dull: rail
road bonds quiet. Silver at the board was ' active.
CLOSING STOCKS.
Am Tel A Cable.... 9iy3iNorfolk <_ "Westrn. 6
Atchison 153/8 I Preferred 10%
Preferred 22 V^i Northern Pacific. . . 4*4
Adams Express. 147 I Preferred 143/*
Alton," erre Haute 98 Northwestern 104%
Ament.in Expressll2 j ' Preferred 148
A merlc*Un Tobacco. 67% N. Y. Central...... 973/8
Preferred 98*<_N.Y.. Chicago*-. L. 12
I'.av StajeGas 26% Ist preferred. 70
Ballimotrect Ohio.. 18**/8j 2d preferred 31
Brunswick Lands.. %N. Y.&N. H 173
Buffalo,: <fc P. 18% N. Y. & New Eng. 40%
Canada "Pacific 62y4 N. V., Susq <fc W... *"%
Canada Southern.. 60% Preferred 24%
Canton .Land 60% Ontario.. : 11
Central Pacific 16% Ontario A Western 14%
Ches. & Ohio _6 Oregon Improvmnt %
Chicago Alton 155 Preferred
Preferred 170 Oregon Navigation 11
Chicago, 11..Q..,. 79*/8 Oregon Short Line.. 8
Chicago <fcE. 111... 41 ,Pacific Mall 26V2
Preferred 99 j Peoria, D. <fc Evans 11%
Chicago Gas 68% Pittsburg & W. pfd 15
Clevetft Pittsburg.. 160 iPullman Pa1ace.. ..158
Consolidation Coal. 32 (Quicksilver. 1%
Consolidated Ga5. .159 | Preferred 15
C. C. C. * St. Louis 33 Reading 15%
Preferred SOi^lßloGrande&Westn 15
Colo. Fuel Iron.. 26*14, Preferred 40
Preferred IUO ißock 151 and........ 7 1 Vs
Cotton Oil Cert 13 [Rome Wat.fcOgden.ll6
Commercial Cable. 150 Ist. L. <fc S. W 4%
Del. Hud50n........ 125 ! Preferred 10y3
Del.Lack<feWestrn.l6lV_St. Paul 79
Denver <fc R. 13 | Preferred. 128
Preferred.. 49Vs St. Paul & Duluth. 20
Distillers 16%; Preferred......... 85
General Electric... 32% 5t. Paul & Omaha. 433/4
Erie 15 1 Preferred 123
Preferred 36 .St. P. M. & M .112
Fort Wayne 163 silver Certificates. 68%
Great Northern pfdll6 'southern Pacific. .. 19
Green Bay V* Southern R. 1i..... 9%
Harlem 295 . Preferred 28*4
Hocking Coal 1% Sugar Refinery 122%
Hocking Valley 15"*/4; Preferred 103
Homestake. 33 iTenn. Coal «fc Iron. 24%
H. <fc Texas Cent... 1 Preferred 90
Illinois Central..... Texas Pacific...... 81/s
lowa Central Tol. A. A. A N.Mich.
Preferrea 3/_|Tol. A Ohio Cent... 30
Kansas A Texas... 11%| Preferred.... 70
Preferred 253A,Tol.St.LouisA K.C. 5
Kingston A Pern... 3 Preferred 60
Lake Erie A Westn 19% Union Pacific 81/g
Preferred 71 U. P. Den A Gulf.. 2%
Lake Shore...: 150 i*. S. Coraage 6%
National Lead 24% Preferred 101/4
Preferred 89*V_ Guaranteed. 20 ._
Long Island 75 T*. S. Express 40
Louisville* Nash. 52 U.S. Leather...... 8.%
Louisville. N a itCh 9 I Preferred 62 "a
Preferred 20 iU. S. Rubber 19
Manhattan Consol. 103%' Preferred 77
Memphis A Charts. 15 I'ticaAß. River. .lso
Mexican Central... 9% ab. s. 1_ & Pac. 7
Michigan Central.. 95% Preferred 17%
Minn AS. L. Wells-Fargo. 97
Preferred Western Union.... 84%
Minn & St. I. com. 18% Wisconsin Central. 1%
Ist preferred...... 79 Wheeling &L. E.. 9%
2d preferred...... 47%' Preferred 343,4
Missouri Pacific... 24 JAm Cotton Oil pfd. 65
Mobile & Ohio 21 W. L. Beef 8
Nashville A Chatt. 68 Ann Arbor 9%
National Unseed.. 19 Preferred 25
N. J. Central ...107% Brooklyn Traction. 23%
North American... 6V4 Erie 2d pfd 22%
CLOSING BONDS.
U 4s, registered.. 108% MX T 2ds 69
Do 4s. coupon 109»/4 Do 4s 83*^
U S4s new*. regstrdll7!Vi Mutual Union 65... 4
Do 4s, c0up0n. ...11734 n J Cent Gen 55. ..1191/2
Do 2s 94 t-g Northern Pac lsts. ll7l/4
Do 5s 118 1 Do2ds 115y3
l o ss. coupon 113 I Do3ds 72
Cherokee 4s, 1896.100 Northwest Consols.l 4o
Do 1897 100 Do deb 5s 109
Do 1898.. 10 1 IO RA -N lsts. 112V_
Do 1899 100 SIL-clronMtGenSs ~b*v<i
Pacilic -is of '95.... St L & S F Gen 6s. 113
DC 3-65s Io9y_'»i Paul Consols.... 132
Ala Class A4s 103 St PCA Pa lsts... 119
Do Class 84, 55.. 105 i Do Pac Cal lsts. 11
LaConsol4s 99 Southern R R 55... 94
Missouri funding... Texas Pacific lsts. SOVi
X Carolina con 65.. 122 Texas Pacific 2ds. . 22
I)o4s 104ya,Unlon Pac 15t5 '96.103
So Carolina 4 Vis... 106 'West Shore 4a 106 Vi
Term new 3s 82 (Mobile _. Ohio 45.. 66
Va funding debt... -9*s; 'P. Grande West lsts 77
Do registered ;Ches A Ohio 5s 107 Vi
Do deferred 65... o Atchison 4s 79V3
Do trust rci.is st. 5 ! Do 2ds A......... *1
Canada South 2ds. . 1073.4 (' H A S A 6s .. .. 105
Cen Pac lsts 0f '95. 103 Va Do 2d 7s 97>/_
Den,- BO Ist 11l ,U * Tex Cent 65. .109
Do 4s 91% Do con 6s 10<i
Erie 2ds 65V.; Reading 4s 80 Vi
Kansas Pa Consols 70 Missouri 65.. ...... .100
Ks Pa lsts Den dlvlllf^l
, FOREIGN MARKETS.
*
"WHEAT IN LIVERPOOL.
WHEAT IN LIVKRPOOI.
LIVERPOOL, En«., June 19.— The spot market
Is weaker at 6s 3d@ss Id. Cargoes steady at
25s 6d, buyers, arrived.
FUTURES.
Tne Produce Exchange cableglves the following
Liverpool quotations for No. 2 Red Winter: June,
4sl0il; July, 4s 10V_<t". August, is 10V_d; Sep
tember, 4s lOVid: October, lOd.
SECURITIES.
LONDON, Knc. June 19.— Consols, 112%;
sliver, 31 7-16 d; French Rentes, lOlf 17ytc.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — $4 881/4
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 891/4
Sterling Cables — 4-9y_
New York Exchange, sight — 12V.
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 15
Pine silver, *# ounce — 6fc%
Mexican Dollars 5414 . -4*.,
PRODUCE MARKET.
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT— Quotations continue to decline, and
the market Is dull and very 'unsatisfactory. No. 1,
■ 95c; choice, 97V_c; lower grades, 90®93*4c; extra,
choice for milling, $I@l 10 *£ ctl.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Skssion— lo o'clock— December—
800 tons, 97% c; 300. 98c: 100, 98V_c; 400, 98V4C
Rkoitlar Moknino session-— December— loo
tons, 9-'"y"_c; 100, 98' 2e; 100, 98S/4c.
Afternoon SK..t_ioN — December — 400 tons.
98VsC
BARLEY— Another decline is noted. Dark
Feed. 67y2@68-._c: choice bright, 70c; Brewing,
76@80c.
CALL BOARD SAI.KS.
Informal Session— lo o'clock— December— loo
tons, 70c.
Rkoci.ak Morning Session— December— 2oo
tons. 7liy.e; 300. 70v_c; 100, 703""gc.
Afternoon SKSSION —No sales-
OATS— Milling are quotable at 87V_©90c; fancy
Feed, 90@9'-y_c; good to choice, 82V_®90c ; com-
mon to fair. 77V»_i8'_V"C; fray, 80®85c; Surprise,
95-.991 02V_ V vti.
CORN— Large Yellow quotable at 87V*}@92y.c;
Small Bound do, 97V.C; White, 77i£<gi82V-C >
Ctl.
RYE-75@76Vic ?l ctl.
BVCKWiiEAI— BS®9Oc fl ctl.
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFS.
FLOUR— Net cash prices are: Family extras,
$3 75®3 85 * bbl; Bakers' extras, $3 66®3 65;
superfine, 82 75®3.
CORNMEA L, ETC. — Feed Corn, *19 60@20;
Cracked Corn, 920 60@21 ft ton.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In 10-lb sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham Flour,
2%c: Eye Flour, 3i/4c; Rice Flour, 7Vfec: Corn
meal, 2**J4(§.3c; extra cream do, BV-_C| Oatmeal,
334 c: Oat Groats, 4V_c: Hominy, 4(a,4V_c; Buck
wheat Flour, 4c; Cracked Wheat. 3y_c; Farina,
4y2c; Whole Wheat Flour, 3c; Rolled oats, 4V_c;
Pearl Barley, 4y_c; Split Peas, 4*»ic; Oreen do,
6V_c til tt).
HAY AND FEEDSTUFFS.
BRAN-SI S 60®16 50 ft ton.
MIDDLINGS-817 M'^XH 50 fl . ton for lower
grades and 819(0.20 *?» ton for the best.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley. 815 60@16; Oil
cake Meal at the mill, $21 per ton; jobbing, $22:
Cottonseed Oilcake is out of market.
HAY— Is weakening under the Increasing re
ceipts, though there is no dec Inc. New Wheat, $8®
10 60 fl ton; New Wheat and Oat. $7 50®9 50: new-
Oat, $7@B * ton; new Barley, 96 60®7 50 *$
tor; second cutting of Alfalfa, 86® 6 50.
Old Hay .Is . quoted as follows: Wheal, 98®
11 60 fl ton: Oat, $7®9: Wheat and Oat. $8@ll;
Barley, *7®B 50 fl ton; Clover, 96@7 60 fl ton:
Compressed Oat, 96 50®8; Compressed Wheat, 87
®10 50; stock, $fc®7 per ton.
STRAW— $ bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
BEANS— Bayos,Bl®lo7V_: Small Whites," $1 15
@1 30: Pea, 81 20@1 35; Large Whites, 90c@$l 05;
Pink, 85®92*V_c; Reds, 81 25: Blackeye, nominal;
Red Kidney, nominal; Llmas, 82 35®2 65: But
ters, $1 25(3,1 40 for small and $1 26®1 50 for
large. ."'- ■ *
SEEDS— Quotations, are as follows:^. Brown
Miis,ard,sl 60®2 25:Trieste,82@2 .0; Yellow Mus
tard, 81 40®1 50: Flax, $1 70@1 80; Canary, 23-, c
t- lb; Alfalfa, 7*V_@9V_ * tt>; Rape, S"V_C 9 lb;
Hemp, 3*t_Cs lb. • '.-.'"•-
DRIED PEAS— 25@1 40 '$ ctl for Niles and
$1 25® 1 45 for Green.
POTATOES, ONION'S, VEGETABLES.
POTATOES— OId are rather weaker, though
prices show no decline. New 1 otatoes : in . sks
quotable at 90c@|l ' 25: ' new Early Rose in
bis' from the River." $I@l . 25 fl ctl: new Bur
bunk Seedlings, 81®1 45; Oregon ..urbanks. 76c@
$1; Early Rose. 65®75c; "Petaluma and Tomales,
65@80c fl ctl; Humboldt Burbanks. 75@90c •#
ctl. ' .
ONIONS— cheap and plentiful at 15@20c f» ctl
VEGETABLES— Arrivals were 376 boxes As
paragus, 93 boxes Rhubarb and law sacks Peas.
Prices showed no particular change.
Green Corn, $1 1 50 fl sack: Summer
Squash, 60(ai75c fT box for -Pay and 25(<S40c
fl box in small roxes: Egg Plant. 12% c fl lb:
Tomatoes, $1 50@2 26 **"*> box: Cucumbers. $1-5
@2 .fl box; . Alameda Cucumbers. 20(<?35<- *jR
• ozen- Asparagus. I 60c(0(.$l 25 fl box - for ordi
nary and $1 50@2 ior extra: Rhubarb. 25
@75c _ box: Dried Peppers, s@l2V2c: Green
Peppers, ft _>-. Green Peas. 50c(35l f* sack for
common and 2: fl lb for Garden -."string Beans.
l%'s3c fl lb; Horse Beans. 40®60C f* sack: Dried
Okra, 12% c; Cabbage, 46@50c flctl; Garlic, 2®
3c fl ft. . .:?--
BUTTER, CHEESE AND EGGS.
BUTTER -Dealers quote previous price a
Creamery- Fancy, 15@15%c: seconds, 14®
14i/_c *^ ft. -,'*.-
Dairy— Fancy, 13V_®l*c; good to choice, 12y_
13c; lower grades, ll@l2c. ■>
CHEESE— Fancy mild new, 6%c fl lb; com
mon to good. 5(2z16c: Cream Cheddar. 9c: Young
America, 7@Bc fl lb; Western, 10©llc; Eastern,
12@12y2c. Y-. . .
EGGS— Low grade continue cheap and weak.
Oregon, Ioc. Eastern Eggs. 10@12c fl doz: store
Eggs, llftll2c: ranch Eggs, 13®16c; Duck Eggs,
12V_@14c fl doz.
POULTRY AND GAME.
POULTRY"— Young stock is weaker, and small
Broilers are very hard to sell. Hens keep steady.
Live Turkeys, ll@l2y3c for Gobblers, 10@12cfor
Hens: Geese, *$ pair. 75c@$l 25: Ducks, $3 50
@4 for old and $4@5 for young: Hens. $4®
5 50: Roosters, young, $6 50®7 90; do. old, $4(3
4 60: Fryers, $5@6: Broilers, $3@4 for large and
$2(g,'- 50 for small; Pigeons, $1 25(_il 50 ft dox
for young and old.
__ME— Nominal. • :-rYd •
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
ORCHARD FRUlTS— Arrivals of Cherries were
only 698 boxes, selling atsl®l 25 ft box for Black,
and 90c@$l 10 for Royal Anne. Cherries in bulk,
B@9c for Royal Anne.
Peaches, 2.*"@6oc 9 box. and 60'<_85c fl basket.
Plums, 60c®$l ft crate and 86@7 5c ft box. .
Cherry Plums. 25@40c fl box.
Apples, <j id,- ft small box and 25@36c f)
basket and 4Uc@sl fl large box.
Green Pears, 25(£40c *<$> box and 25@30c fl
basket.
Royal Apricots. 35@60c fi box and 30@40c
fl basket. The canners bought at 30c "jj) basket.
Moorparks, 65(375c fl box. ...
Figs, 75c@$l _6 f* box. . ~ 1 '•
BERRlES— Receipts of Strawberries were 940
chests, selling at $4®7 fl chest for Longworths
and $3(g)4 for large berries.
Oooseoerries, _@2%c fl lb in bulk.
Raspberries, $6(sB "t* chest. Newcastle Raspber
ries, 76c@$l fl crate.
Blackberries, $s@B fl chest and 75c@»l fl crate.
Currants broke to $2 50@4 fi chest under heavy
receipts of 314 chests. '■*.■'**'•
CITRUS FRUlTS— Oranges, 75c@$l 60 f" box
for Seedlings, $3 50@4 for Navels, and $I@3
f* box for Mediterranean Sweets; Lemons, $1(_1
150 for common and $2@3 for good to choice;
Mexican Limes, $6®6 50; California Limes, $1 fl
box; Bananas, $i{g" 2 fl bunch; Pineapples, $l(t$«
V dozen. .
DRIED FRUITS, RAISIN'S, NUTS, ETC.
DRIED FRUITS— No further new§ In this
market.
Car-load Lots— Apples, lV_@2c *p lb for quar
tered. 2c for sliced and 4@4*_c for evaporated;
Peaches, 3@sc and 6c for fancy; Apricots, ?©BVic
for nrime to choice. 9c for fancy and 10(£llc fl
It, for fancy Moorpark; Figs, black, 2 Vic for im
pressed; White Pigs, 4c in sacks: Pears, 7c fl lb
for evaporated halves, 3%@6c %• lb for quarters;
Prunes, 3@3Vic; Plums, 31/30 "$ lb for pitted and
lV_S2c for unpltted; Nectarines, 3V_'ssc 'ft lb for
prime to choice and 6y2c for fane-- •
JoBRiM, Pricks— evaporated apples. 4@sc
fl lb; sun-dried, _V._i2c; Peaches. 3V_ft9sc ana 6c
for fancy; peeled in ooxes,l2V2c 1* lb; Prunes, SVfec
for four sizes, 4yac 'or 40@50's and 4c for
50@60's: Apricots, 7(a tor prime to choice,
10(ojll for fancy Moorpark; Figs, black, 3V_c;
White Figs, 3&5 c: Pears, 8c f» lb for evapo rated
halves and 4(a,7V2c for quarters; Plums. 3i/a@4c
for pitted and l(a/lV_c for unpltted; Nectarines,
4@sc _> lb for prime to choice.
RAISINS AND DRIED GRAPES— are as
follows, carload lots. t. o. b. Fresno: Four
crown, loose, none: 3-crown, loose, 3c: 2-crown,
'J1;,- fl lb: seedless sultanas, 3c: . seedless
Muscatels, l-V.c: 3-crown London layers, 70c
ft box: clusters, $1 35(0,l 50; Dehesa clusters,
.2 10-0-2 25; Imperial clusters, $2 60(g>2 75: Dried
Grapes, > lb. ItBBRH
Jobbing Pricks— Four-crown loose, none; 3
crown, 3@3Vic fl lb; 2-crown, 3c. Seedless Sul
tanas, 4c *"** It; seedless Muscatels, 3c; 3-crown
London layers, 75@90-; clusters, $1 50(^1 75;
Dehesa clusters, $2 50; Imperial clusters, $2 75;
Dried Grapes, .
NUTS — Quotations are as follows: Wal
nuts, 9(21 lc lor Na 1 hard and 11 (all 3c fl lb for
paper-shell, jobbing lots: Almonds, 6@71/2c for
Languedoc and B%@loc for paper-shell. lobbing;
Peanuts, t"@6V_c "f, It. for Eastern and — for Cali
fornia; Hickory Nuts, s@6c: Pecans, 6c for rough
and 8c for polished; Filberts, B@9c; Brazil Nuts,
9©10.-f- lb: Cocoanuts. $4 500,5 -pi 100.
HONEY- Comb 10@12c ft lb for bright and 8(31
9c fl'lb for lower grades: water- extracted,
*)'.•_<• ft lb; light amber extracted, 4y4@4%c;
dark amber, 4c; dark. 2@3c.
BEESWAX— 2S{_>-7Vs>: fl lb.
PROVISIONS.
CURED MEATS— Bacon Is quotable at 6c fl
lb for heavy, 7c *""< lb for light medium, 9c fl lb for
light, 10c for extra light and 12c fl lb for sugar
cured; Eastern Sugar-cured Ham-, lie fl lb: Cali
fornia Hams. 9V_c fl lb: Mess Beef, $7 50fe8:
extra mess do, $8 50(a>9; family do, $10; extra
prime Pork, $8 50@9; extra clear, $14 fl bbl;
mess, $12 f- bbl; Smoked Beef, 10c f* It.. .
I.Ai'.ii — Eastern, tierces is quoted at sV_c *? lb
for compound ami 6 vie ior pure; pails. "V.c:
California tierces. 5c fl lb for compound : nd 6c lor
pure: half-bbls, 6Vic; 10-lb tins, 7c; do 5-lb, 71,4 c.
COTTOLENE— 6<j_6i/_c in tierces and 0""/4_~,7iac
fl lb in 10-tt) tins.
UIDKS, TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPS.
HIDES AND SKlNS— Heavy salted steers, 7@
71/2" lb; culls and brands, 6@6V_c 9 lb: medium,
6®6»/2c "jS lb; culls and brands, s@sy3c fl lb: light,
6c: culls and brands, 4c: Cowhides, stOisV-C: culls
and brands, 4@4y3c; salted Kip, 5c fl lb: salted
Calf, 7(<^Bc; salted Veal, 6c: dry Hides, 10V_@llc:
culls and brands, B@BV.c; dry Kip and Veal, 8(«l9c:
culls. 7c: dry Calf, 15c;. culls. 10c; Goatskins,
20fa-35c each: Kids, sc; Deerskins, eood summer.
30c; medium. 16@25c; winter, , 7@loc; sheep
skins, shearlings, 10@15c each; short wool. 209
35c each; medium. 40@50c each; long wools, 50(0
OOc each. Culls of all kinds about Vjc less.
TALLOW— No. 1. rendered, 3Vi(a;3yaC: No. 2,
3c; refined, sV'2@s^4c: Grease, 2Vjc f4 lb.
WOOL— Valley Oregon is quoted at 9@loiAc;
do lower grades. 8 @9Vac; Nevada, 6649 c;
San Joaquin am! southern Coast, six months, 4(fl)6c;
San Joaquin, foothill, good to choice, 7&8 c; San
Joaquin, year's fleece, 4V_ft-6Vfec; northern free,
7@9c:do defective, s@6V_e V- a*.
1101T-— lV.@3c*il lb.
GKNKKAL MEKCHAXDISE.
BAGS— Firmly held. Calcutta Grain Bags, spot,
$4 25; San Quentin, $4 20; Wool Bags, 24V.@
_!*! ._.':. --..-.-'.
COAL— Harrison's circular says: "During the
week there have been 11 arrivals irom the coast
mines with 26,467 tons of coal: the St. Mnngo from
Swansea with 2877 tons, j ana Sprlngburn from
Australia with 3995 tons. The liberal Imports
from the Northern mines this week have relieved
the market, although but two foreign cargoes have
come to baud, alt the foreign arriving since May
19. it Is a lone period since it has been recorded
that we have had but two foreign cargoes of coal
arrive here within 28 days.. It clear!/ shows how
Independent we have become on the fuel question,
i. c.. that our coast output is ample for our require
ments. Of course it would work a serious hard
ship on our consumers if they were lett entirely in
the hands of the Northern mines, as the low prices
rating are entirely rczulated by tne delivery cost
of Australian and English; .f these latter were re
tire 1 irom the market for an Indefinite period,
much higher values would be established for our
coast coils. The Australian strike is still in force.
and may last through this month, although recent
cables intimate an early settlement; It his already
lasted long enough to seriously dismember busi
ness."
Wellington Is quotable at $8: New Wellington.
88 V ton: Siiuthlielo Wellington. 87 50 ■**■ ton:
Seattle, B Sin.'- 50; Bryant, 85: Coos Bay, 84 50:
Wallsenil, 87: Scotcn, *7 50; Brvrano. 87 50:
Cumberland, $11@12 In bulk and 81 3® 14 in sks:
Pennsylvania Anthracite Kg., 811 50; Welsh
Anthracite, 8«: < annel, 87 50: Rock Springs.
Castle Gate and Pleasant Valley. $7 60; Coke,
$11@12 in bulk and 813 %l ion in sks.
RICE— Chinese mixed, 83 20@3 40; No. 1, 83 60
A3 70 *$ ctl; extra No. 1, 93 90®4; Hawaiian,
• 3 25®3 37',.; Japan, $3 si®,(«o: Rangoon,
83 10.
•il'tiA R— The Western Sugar Befinery Company
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refinery Company
quotes, terms net cash: Cube, Crushed, Powdered
and line Crushed, all 5%c; Dry Granulated, &%c;
Confectioners' A, 5%c: Magnolia .». 4*Ac; Extra
C, 4%c; den C, 43/Bi-; "-half-barrels, %c more
than barrels, and boxes %c more.
SYRUP-Golden, in bbls, 15c; Blackstrap, 10c
¥ gal. ■ ■ ■
SAN FRANCISCO" MEAT MARKET.
Hogs are doing better again. Fat Mutton Is firm
and scarce. No change in Beef." Wholesale rates
for dressed stock from slaughterers are as fol
lows:
BEEF— First quality, 6c; choice. 5%c; second
do, 4%@.*4c: third do, 3%@4c f, lb.
■ VEAL— Large. 6®6c; small, 6@7c "fl lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, : s®6c; Ewes, 4V._'5V-c
V lb.
I. Spring Lamb. 6@6c *f lb.
I'ORK— Live Hogs,'. 3@3%c *#l lb for large and
3%®3%c for small and medium: dressed do, 4%
@5%c. _■» . i;-: ...• ; .:.
RECEIPTS OF . PRODUCE.
roil 24 hours.
Flour, ar. sks.... 27.484' 8ut ct15....... 333
•0reg0n.......... 6,3;: li'heese, ctls.:.*... 71
Wheat. Or, ctls.. 4t>9 Eggs, doz 11.520
8ar1ej.ct15....... 2,31-10 -Odes- n0......... - —
Oats, ctls... 360! felts, bdls.. 1,7^4
0reg0n.......... 1,090JW001. bis 50
Beans, ska.:;.;.. :* 224! Oregon ...'.; • *7
Potatoes, ska.... 2,312. Wine, ga15...:..:. 65,600
0reg0n..... 1,519 Quicksilver, flsks 1'
Onions, 5k5....... 768 Lime, bb15........ 81
Bran, sks.... 545 Mustard Seed, st 164
Oregon.... 480 Chicory, tbis 5
Mldaiiugs. sks... ' Tallow, en 5...... 10
Hay, t0n5........ 599 Lumber, M feet.. 16
FAMILY RETAIL MARKET.
Butter and Eggs are the same as before
Meats are unchanged. Several kinds of Poultry
are rather dearer.
Almost all Summer Fruits are lower under more
abundant supplies, and some varieties of Vege
tables aie also cheaper** ' * : -
Following is Thx Call's regular weekly retail
price list: ... .;y > , ' .
/. COAL— PER TON. ;
Cannel . — 0 960 Pleasant Val 9 60® 10 00
Wellington. -@10 OOisouthfield
New Wei- | Wellington y~® 960
lington.... — 01000 Scotch -0 50
Seattle '7 00® 750 Coos Bay . 6 60® ' —
Castle Gate. 9 60®10 00 ;»■;
DAIRY DUCK, ETC. . . "*i
Butter, fancy, t Cheese, Eastern.. ,l6®2o
square.. ..... -®35 Cheese, Swiss... 20030
do, fl roll 300— Common Egg5. .12%®15
do. choice 25® — Ranch Eggs fldz...l<'_.2o
Ordlnaryao — ® —Honey, comb, f11b.12®15
Cheese, Cai . B@loj - do, extracted.... B®l2
HEATS— PER POUND. .
Bacon ....... 12017 (Pork, fre5h.. ...... 12015
Beef, ch0ice.. .....12016 pork, 5a1t.......... 10012
do, good B®loi Pork Chops 12®15
Corned 8eef....... 8® — Round Steak B®lo
Ham, Cal.. 12i/j@ls Sirloin Steak... 12y2® —
do, Eastern.... .16®— i Porterhouse, d 0 . .. 17820
Lard .....12015 Smoked 8eef...... —015
Mutt0n............ 801 C Pork Sausages.... — ®20
Spring Lamb.. 10® — j Veal... 10®10
POULTRY 4.ND OAMK.
Hens.each 60® 65 Turkeys, **» lb.. 15® —
Young Roost- Ducks, each... .500 60
era, eacn 70® 86 Geese, each.... 1 00®1 25
Old Roosters, j Pigeons, fl pr.. 40® 60
each 50® — Rabbits, f* pr.. 35® 40
Fryers, each... 50® 60 Hare, each..... 15® 20
Broilers, each.. 30® 40' ... • ;.:':•, ,.;•
FRUITS AND NUTS.
Almonds, fl lb 13010 Limes, fl dos ®15
Apricots, fl lb 6® Oranges, fl d0z.... 15030
Apples, fl lb 6® rii Pears, fl ft........ 4® 6
Bananas, fl doz...ls@2o!Peacnes. fl lb. 6010
Blackberries, bsku 1001 2|Piums, fl lb.. ,4® 6
Currants, f! b0x... 50® 60 Raisins, fl ft.......' 5®15
Cocoanuts, each. . . 10012 Raspberries, flosktlO®l 2
Cherries, fl ft 15®20 StrawDerries,
Figs, fl lb -@15 fl drawer.. 26050
Gooseberries, fl ft. 5® 6 Walnuts, fl ft 15® —
Lemons, fl d0z....25@301
VKOKTARLKS.
Asparagus, fl ft... s®l2Mr'fat Squash, fl ft —® —
Artichokes, f>doz.. 10@30iOnions, fl ft 4® 5
Beets, f» doz 12016 Peppers, green, fl lb — ®20
Beans, white flft.2%® 6 Parsnips, fl aoz. ...16®20
Colored, fl ft.. .2%® 5 Potatoes, fl ft 2® 3
Lima, fl ft.....;. 40 6 do, New. fl _>.... 30 4
Cabbage, each 5010 Rhubarb, fl ft... . 4® 5
Cauliflowers, each. 60 B;Radishes.'*Sdzbchs.lO®l_
Celery, fl banch... — Sage, fl lb 25®35
Cress, %dzbuDC_ts.2o®2sJSnier Squash, V ft 4® 6
Cucumber, f* d0_.25®50, string Beans, fl ft, MS 8
Garlic, fl ft 6® 8 Thyme, fl ft 80080
Green Peas, fl _>.. 4® 6 Turnips, fl doz 16030
Lentils, fl ft 6® B Tomatoes, $ _».... 12® 15
Lettuce, f» d0z....16@20'y ■
FISH— PKR POUND.
Barracuda 10®12iShad 8010
Carp B®lojSea Bass. ......... — 0 —
Codfish ®16! Smelts ~ lE® —
Flounders 100 — '501e5........ 10012
Halibut.... 100 -Skates, each 10@12
Herring 10® 'Sturgeon .;........ —® —
Klngflsh — Tomcod 15® —
Mackerel 20® — .Clams, fl gal — ®15
do, Horse -® - Do. hardshell, fl
Perch _. 10®- 100 60® —
Pompano. 35060 Crabs, each. 12015
Rock fish ■. —015 Do. (shell, fl dz.25035
Salmon, smoked.. .2o® —'Mussels, fl qrt 10015
Salmon, fresh 12015 Oysters, Cal, ft 100.40® —
Shrimps 1 0 Do, Eastern, fl dz.26®40
THE STOCK MARKET.
Mining stocks were in better tone yesterday, and
most of them showed an insignificant advance.
The close was firm, as will be seen by the quota
tions.
On the Bond Exchange the sugar stocks were
weak at a fractional decline. ■ '
A bullion shipment valued at $25,000 is on the
way from the Apollo mine of Alaska
* The Montana Ore Purchasing Company will pay j
a dividend of $40,000 on the 20th. This will
make $240,000 since January 1, and $400,000
thus far.
The Moon Anchor mine paid a dividend of $6000
on the 15th. This mine only began paying this
year, and has declared $18,000 thus far. ■
The Portland mine of Colorado paid $30,000 on
the 15th, making $120,000 this year and $743,000
thus far.
The Victor mine of Colorado paid $20,000 on the
15th, making $120,000 this year and $585,000
thus far. . , . . ■
The Isabella Mining Company of Colorado has
declared a dividend of 1 "cent per share, or
$22,500. This makes $112,000 this year and
$225,000 thus far. : . . , .
BOAR I > SALES.
Following -were the st"*--"-" . "» the Haa rraael-M
■"Mock Board yesterday ,l<-. .:., \ -- j.,. ; :
KKOI'I.AK MOBNINO HKSSION TtNCINO 9:30.
200 Alpha. ~..l7j 50 Conn*..'.. 1.15. 00 0c0d1...1.40
100 Andes... .33 800 Con 1m.:.02 800 ......... 1.45
200 Bodle.. 60 100 Crwn Pt..58 100 0vrmn....29
100 8u11i0n.. .26 200 Excnqr...o7jlot* Potosi... L4O
200 Cha11ge.. .361300 AC. . 1.25 20 1.35
100 Choiir. 2.80400 Mxcv 89 '50 Savag... 1 90
100 2.76 100 M0n0.... 0' 200 Bel. ..16 I
50 CCA V.. .2. 50 0ph1r.. .L60|460 V Jackt..67 ,
aj-tkknoon session— "J:., . 'YY
30C B * 8..1.101000 Exchqr..o7 100 8 NT.....84 !
150 Bodle 64650 HAN.. .2.10 100 Union. ...87
600 Ch0iir.... 2.80 300 Mex... ...91 300 YJao_;»t..6o !
50 2.85350 Ovrmn....So 200 ...... 69
350 CCA V.. 2.251300 P0t051. .1.46 35 60 I
300 C Point. ■■691HJ08av......1.95|
Following were me aat.i ia in. Pacta*. Stoat; '
l-card yesterday-. ,-',*V-->
RXOPXaR skssion— lo:*^'i. •'''...,"
! 200 Aloha 17:150 Cholr2.77y_|soo 0ccd....L40
I 250 Alta, 18460 2.80 300 1.42 V.
I 100 Ande5. ...34 600 CCV.. 2.221 .200 Ophlr..
600 Belcner. .68 150 ....2.25250. 1.67ya
200 .59 200 2. 201400 0vrmn.... 29
600 60 100 Confi.. ..1.20 260 P0t05i. '.1.45
100 ..61600CrwnPt...57]250 :.1.42yfl
| 600 B 1.071/2 200 .......61 100 5avg....1.90
300 1.06 100 601560 ... .....1.95
I 800 1.101350 Exchqr.. . o7l6oo SBAM.v.IB
I 300 1.12V_'300 O AC... 1.301500 *- NT......84
200 Bodle 48260 HAN. ..2.101400 S Hill ....03
900 52200 .2.12 V. 100 Union C..86
400 8u11i0n... 27 300 Julia ....13 200 Utah 14
200 8u1wer... 321500 L Wash.. .o4 100 V Jacket.,s7
i 600 Caleda 17 260 Mexn.. 90 100 .....60
i 350 1^250 M0n0:.... 06200 59
160Cha11ng...42| ', I
AFTKKXOON SESSION— 2:30.
1 300 Alnha... 18*800 C P0int... .60 100 Opb.lrl.s7V_
I 200 Alta 18 200 GAC... 1.301200 ........ .1.66
150 Andes... 36 860 1.32V-100 1.621/,
I 200 39 850 1.3.300 Overman. Bo
100 Belcher.. .6l 100 1.37 V.! 300 . ........;. .31
100 BAai.O7V.lOO ......:. .1.40860 Potosl. .1.46
100 80d1e. .....64 160 H&N2.12V.800 5avg....1.55
200 Bullion. ..27 300 .... 061200 1.971^
30U 8u1wer.... 32 500 Kentck.... 031300 Scorpion. .oB
200 ....33 300 Mex...... 90 600 58AM....17
300Ca1eda....18 500 .91 400 8 Nv..."... 84
400 19 200 92100 ....87
100 Chllnge...4l 100 .....9313.0 88
800 Ch11r...2.80i400 .......... :.95!lOO Union... 86
200 2.82 V.300 .......... 96100 ...........90
250 CCV. 2.22V. 100 Occld 1.37' Utah.. ....13
350 2.26300 1.321.100 YJcktM.. 6l
100C0nf1....1.20| : ■■: *..*• Y\
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
FRIDAY,* June 18—4 p. _r. .
Bi<LAtke.d.\ >^:,i." Bid. Asked.
Alpha Con. ... 16 lSJnlla — 13
Alta 18 20' Justice. 06 08
Andes 36 38;Kentuck.. .*.... 03 04
Belcher 62 64 1 Lady Wash.. — 05
Best ABelcberl.lo I.2o|Mexlcan. 97 98
Benton C0n.... —■' 20, M0n0 — 04
Bodie 53 —'.Nevada Queen. — 06
Bullion 27 39, Occidental 1.30 1.35
Bulwer.... 30 —0ph1r... -.......: 1.60 1.65
i Caledonia 18 19 Overman....... 30 32
Chollar. 2.80 2.85!P0t05l 1.45 1.60
I Con.C-IAVa.. .2,25 2.30 5avage.". ....... 1.85 2.00
I Challenge Con. 41 44 Scorpion... • — 09
Con. Imperial. 02 03 Seg. Belcher... 17 18
Confidence — 1.26 — Syndicate. — 04
Con New York 04 - Silver Hi 11.... 03 04
Crown Point.. t 59 61 Sierra Nevada. 88 90
I EaatSterraNev — Union C0n..... 93 95
| Exchequer .... 07 08 Utah........... 12 14
Gould ACurry.l.4s 1.60, Ye110w Jacket. 69 61
HaleANo.rcrs.-_.lO 2.151* -'Y'-Y
GOLD MINING EXCHANGE.
Champion IQO Savannah.. ..... 39
8id..... ...20 00 100......... , 41
Asked.... 2500100 ....*..-. ...» 43
300 Edna 40 200 So bastopol 49
Kennedy 200 ::.-..:.: 60
Bid *..r..10 50 .. Thorpe
200 Lockwood ton. SO Asked 80 00
Providence
Asked 80 00
LOCAL SECURITIES. ■■'
Bid 2 Humboldt 8ank. ...'._.„ ............ 1100 00
Asked 100 Atlas Ironworks '• 90
Asked 60 Tuscarora Water...... 6 75
STOCK AND BOND * EXCHANGE.
FRIDAY, June 19-2 p. m.
UNITED STATES BONDS. . ■' . \
Bid. Asked.] - . Bid. Asked.
US coup.. loB — U8 4s reg... 109% -
Do new Issue 117 %1 17 |.
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Cal-stCbless. — 1 12»/ij 801 l M6s. — —X
Oal Elec L6s — 122% Do 2d ls 65... - — :
CntraCWSs — 97 A O 65. 105 120
Dpnt-stex-cp 96 100 P<tChßy6s. — 107
EdsnL*P6s — 123% Pwl-st RR6s. — 116%
FACHRR6s.IO4% - Reno, W L&L - 105
Geary-st 102 — Isacto PA L. — 102%
I.osAngL6s. — 100 , IslftNPß 55.100%101
DoGnteed6s — 103 ISFRRArizPs 96*/. 97
Mkt-stCble6sl23 — IsPRRi al ,_f.%Ul 1
DoßyConss„los i 105% SPRRCaI ss. — — •
NatVinOslst 95 100 ,sPBrRCalBs. " — 101
NevCNgß7s. 95 105 sVWater6s..H9 119%
NPCRR6S. — 108 SVWateris.. 99%100 .
NRyCal6s.lo4 105 StktnG*E6s — 100* •
NRyCalSs. — 100 SunstTJtTßs. 100 .—
OakGaa .100 104%!Sutter-5tR55.107% — :
Do 2d Is 5a.. 104*4105% VlsallaWCOs - 9_
Ommbus 05.118% —
WATER STOCKS..:
Contra Costa 38 — | San J05e..... , —*. .— '■ '
Marin C 0.... 60 — |Sum? Valley 98% 98%
. OAS STOCKS.
Capital....... 20 30 • -Pacific LUht 47% -
Central....... 96 — San Francsco 94*/, 95 ■
Oa-tiL&tt 52 — Stockton..... — . 21%
Pac Uasimp. 85% . 85% .- ..
COMMERCIAL BANK STOCKS. '-. . .'
AmerBATC. - — iLondonP&A
Anglo-Ca1.... sis^ _ |London«fcSF. — 27%
Bank of Cal.. - 242% Merch Ex.. IS > —
CalSD__TCo 64% 66 i Nevada :.:.*— — .
First Nat lonL — ' 1871 . Sather Co. — —
Grangers.... • — _ L, ---•.•,■ - --• ■■ -
INSURANCE STOCKS. *
j Fireman'sFdl/l ' - |Sun 25 t 60
!*V: :■'-: ~~Y. '-.': ■ SAVINGS BANK STOCKS. {
> OerSALCo.I4OO — SavALoan.. — ' 100
HumbSAL.llOO 1450 Security... . 250 ; 260 ■
Mutual —'40 (Union Trust. 7so ' —
BFSavUnion — 49U |
■ T; ' STREET RAILROAD STOCKS. ,
California... 108 110 Oak SLA Hay — - 100 '
Geary-st. — 65 Presidio .:... 7 ' —
Market-st 45 4514 Sutter-st — 1 — "
POWDER STOCKS.
Atlantic D... 15 — Giant C0n.... 24V_ 25
Eastern D... — 82 (Judson D.... — —
California.... 81 95 'Vigoriu..... — 96c
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Alaska Pkrs. M 95y_!.\*at Yin Co.. 75 85
BlkDCoalCo. — '-"" 10 OceanlcSSCo 20 24*u»
Cat '.'or Mills — — Pac A ux FA 1 —
Cal Dry Dock — — I PacßoraxCo. 98 100
Edison Light! 19% 120 jl'ac Roll Mill - —
GasConAssn. — — IParf PainlCo 6»/_ 7y_
Ger Lead Co. 85 : — iFacTrnisCo. — 24
HawCASCa. 19V_ 20Vs Pac TAT Co. 55 70
Hutch SPCo 23% 23% Sunset TAT. 41 — ■
MerExAssn.lOO 110 .United C Co. — 25
M Elec Light 3*4—l
SALES— UUtn ' SESSION.
Board—
60 Hutchinson 8 Co. 24 00
60S V Water... 98 25
$2000 S V 4% 80nd5.... 99 25
iYyY.'lXi SALES— AFTER-TOON SESSION.
Board—.. '.-'., .'-Y'YJ. X '■■ '
10 Edison Light A Power Co 120 W
260 Giant Powder Con 24 75
10 > do do ." 24.3-y_
100 do do 241*-0
125 Hutchinson 8 P Co. 23 37%
76 Market-st Railway 45 00
Street—
40 SV Water 98 25
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Charles H. and Mabel C. O'Kell to Occidental
Loan Association, lot on S line of Haight street,
182:6 W of Buchanan, W 30 by S 120; $10.
James G. .air to Nettie R. Craven, lot on NW
corner of Eleventh and Mission streets, N 275,
SW 550, B 275, NE 650; gift.
Same to same, lot on SW corner of Pine and
Sansome streets, W 227:6 by S 137:6; gift.
Patrick W. Riordan to Mary's Help Hospital,
undivided third interest In following: lot on SW
corner of Leavenworth and O'Farrell streets, S
137:6 by W 137:6: also lot bounded by Douglass,
Day, Thirtieth and Diamond streets; also lot on
NW corner of Twenty-third and Castro street W
560 by N 228: also lot on NE corner of Diamond
and Alvarado streets, V 228 by E 305; also lot on
W line of Diamond street, 110 N of Twenty-t'iird,
N 50 by W 231 :6; also lot on S line of Jefferson
street. 137:6 W of Tavlor, W 137:6 by S 137:6:
also lot on W line of Twenty-third avenue, 275 S
of I street, S 25 by W 120: also lot on N W corner
of M street and Twenty-ninth avenue, N 100 by
W 240; also lot on E line of Thirty-ninth
avenue. 100 S of R street, S 175 by E 120: also
lot on NE corner of X street and Twelfth avenue,
N 100 by X 32:6: also lot on E line of Twelfth
avenue, 250 N of X street, N 50 by E 120; also
lots 1, 2 and 48, block 63, City Land Association;
also lot on S line of Sadowa street, 175 E of Capi
tol, E25 by S 126, block D, Railroad Home- ;
also lot on E line of Cuvier street, 100 N of Bos-
worth, N 125 by E 100, De Boom Tract; also
block 26, bounded by Joost and Sunnyside \ve-
nnes, Detroit and Edna streets, Sunnyside: also
block 27, bounded by Moulton and Sunnyside •'■ ye-
nues, Detroit and Edna streets, Sunnyside; -..so
undivided half of lot on W line of Forty-first nve-
nue. 85:3 N of Point Lobos avenue, N"l87:."', S
5 deg. 24 mm., W 187:4 8 83y2 deg., E1 - :6:
also undivided half of lot on NE corner «'-' A
street and Forty-first avenue, N 249:7 N 10 'leg.
40 mm., E 83:9 S 83 deg. 30 mm., E 100 .J 89
deg. 24 mm., E 106:1 810 deg. 40 mm.. W 3*|':4,
W 147:8; also undivided half of lot on NW corner
of B street and Forty-first avenue, W 162$ N
618:6, E 12:3, S 600; also undivided half of I -ft on
sW corner of B street and Forty-first avenu**, S
67:11 N 70 deg. 30 rain., W91:l X 60 (leg. 30
mm., W to B street, E 100; also, undivided half
of lots in Masonic Cemetery; also, property in
Sonoma Alameda, San Bernardino," San Mateo
and Marin counties: $1. • -i : ■■.-.:•.-•.■-..-,•
Elizabeth Layer to Augustus Layer, lot on . SE
line of Park avenue, 175 NE of City Hall avenue,
NE 25 by SE 100: also any other; real prop-
erty in san Francisco, except a lot on Howard
street : gift.
Apeion.a Schmierer to Gottlieb Schmierer. lot
on E line of Eighteenth avenue, 100 N of B street,
N 25 by E 120; gift.
Jacob and Llna Heyman (by Oscar Heyman. at-
torney) to Harriet. L. Culver, lot on E line of
Thirty-eighth avenue, 200 S of Q street, S 25 by E
120: $10. . •
Miguel, Vincent and Catallna Noe and Catallna
Spllvalo to James Foord, undivided half of lots 1
, to 17, block 16, Lakeview; $15.
Charles McCarthy to Ellen Johnson, lot 4, block
25. Lake view; 10.
Jacob and Llna Heyman to Charlotte Wlnrlhaus.
lotonNW cornerof Hopkins street and Corbett
road, NE 95, N W 100, SW 92:6, SE 100; $10.
ALAMEDA COUNTY.
Frank M. and Rose H. Wilson to Daniel A.
Twiggs, lot on N line of Virginia street, 60 W of
Bonte avenue, W 50 by N 125, being lot 17 block
17, Daley's Scenic Park, Berkeley; $10.
Sara M. A. Boniface to Mary Martin, undivided
half-interest in lot 20 block a, Dohr or Teachers'
Tract, Berkeley: $10.
Eunice L. Brewster. to Central Investment Com-
pany,* lot on NE corner of Central avenue and Oak
street, F. 100 by North 167:6, block 49, lands ad-
jacent to Encinai, Alameda; $10.
H. B. and Laura A. Pinney to Thomas E. Mcsor-
ley, lot ou N line of Twenty-first street, 67:9 E of
Market, E 31:6 by N 25, block I, Curtis A Wil
liams Tract, Oakland; $10.
Edward and Mary O'N ell to William D. Mac-
Donald, lot on NW corner of Linden and Fifth
streets, N 25 by W 100, block 486, Oakland; $10.
S. C. and Isabel O. Bigelow to Myron T. Hoi-
comb, lot on NW line of Piedmont avenue (Web-
ster street), 181 NE o^Moss avenue, NE 35 by N W
125, block A, Thermal Hill, formerly Howe Tract ;
also lot on SW line of -Amethyst street, 160 KW
of Howe, SW 125, NW 30:8, NE 125, SE 50 to be-
ginning, being lot 25 and N W 5 feet, of lot 24, block
i C, Thermal Hill, formerly Howe Tract; Oakland
! Township; $10.
Samuel and Montgomery Howe to Elizabeth A.
Howe, lot beginning at a point SW 636 feet from N
corner of Webster street, or Piedmont, and Moss
i avenues, thence NE 130, NW 250, SW 139, SE
250 to beginning, being portion of Howe Tract;
Oakland Township; $10.
Henry Z. and s. M.Jones to Gertrude Walker,
lot on SE* line of Short street, 100 SW of Allen-
dale avenue, SW 50 by SE 100. being lots 33 and
34. block 9, Allendale Tract, Brooklyn Township;
$10.
Herbert T. and Ella B. Webster to C. Carew, lot
13 and E 6 feet of lot 14, block E, map of Daly
J Tract, Brooklyn Township; $10.
j J. A. and Annie G. Miller to George T"hl Jr., lot
I on-S line of Railroad avenue, 400 E of Walnut
street, E 50 by S 217:8, being lot 10, block 34,
I lands adjacent to Encinai, Alameda; $10.
A. E. ami Emma E. Manning to S. C. Martin,
' lot on NW line of Eleventh avenue, 131.69 NE of
East Twenty-eighth street, NW 14t>. NE 50.05,
i SE 147, SW 60 to beginning, being lot 12 and SW
1 10 feet of lot 11, block B, Bella Vista Park, East
; Oakland; $10.
.Christian and Mary Johnson to Daniel A. Kear
j ney, lot on NW line of Vernon avenue, 55:10 NX
from East Telegraph avenue, NE 50, NW 171.69.
SW 51.95. SE 157.57 to. beginning, being lot 27,
Batchelder Tract, Oakland Township: $5.
William M. White to Josephine L. White, lot on
N line of Santa Clara avenue, 190 Eof Seventh
street, E 40 by \" 132.6, Alameda; gift.
, , " Builders' Contracts. ,y
Harriett McCarthy to Martin Fennell A Sons,
brickwork, asphalt and cement work, etc., on t-E
line of Market street, 45:10 SW of Stewart; Shea A
Shea, architects: $3693.
Harriet McCarthy to Derby Brothers, carpen
ter work,' etc., same; Shea A Shea, architects;
$42,000.
Harriett McCarthy to Gladding. Mcßean A Co..
I terra-cotta work same; shea A Shea, architects:
, $2228.
Marion I,»veutritt to W. J. Field, alterations to
i building on lot adjoining the Olympic Club on the
| west; Wright A Landers, architects: $2676.
THE CALL CALENDAR.
Junk. 1896
OCEAN STEAMERS.
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
SUN, MOON AND TIDE.
r. P. Coast ANO Oeodetic SrmvKT TrD«*»
Bulletin Published BT OFFICIAL V
APTHOEITY or -tax Siti'kbintkxdimt. »
Saturday, June 20.
snnrlsas 4.46: Moon rises
Snn rises.....:. 4.46 [Moon rises.....
sunsets 7.36| Moon seta o.4»am
.June — 1896.
note— ln the above exposition of the tides the
_arly morning tides are given In the left hand
column, and the successive tiles of the day In tha
tinier of occurrence as to time. The second time
>'umn gives the second tide of the day, the third
hie column the third tide, and the last or right
„nd column gives the last tide of the day. except
■> :en there are but three titles, as sometimes
occurs. The heights given are additions to the
soundings on the United States Coast Survey
charts, except when a minos sigh (— ) precedes the
height, and then the number given Is sub'.ractlve
fro. -he.ien-' -'"" b>- *»« ■■■■■,-■«
HYDROGRAPHIC BULLETIN.
Branch Hydrography Office. U. a N., -.
Merchants' Exchange. >-
San Francisco. June 19. 1896. )
The time ball on Telegraph Hill was drooped
exactly at noon to-day— l. c., at noon of the 120 th
meridian, or exactly at 8 P. *-•, Greenwich time.
A. F. Fechtkli-k,.
V- ; Lieutenant U. H. N. In charge.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
Arrived.
FRIDAY. June 19.
Stmr Scotia. Johnson, 12 hours from Albion;
137 M ft lumber, 2585 r r lies, to Albion Lumber
Co.-:-'---.: ;.
Stmr South Coast, Hansen, 48 hours from
Ventura: ballast, to J R Hanify.
Stmr Progreso, Storrs, 77 hours from Seattle;
coal, to P B Cornwall.
Stmr Mackinaw. Littlefield, 85 hrs frm Tacoma;
3500 tons coal, to S P Co. Oakland direct.
Stmr Walla Walla, Wallace, 62 nours from
Victoria and Puget Sound ports; pass anirndse, to
Goodall. Perkins A Co. ■*•»
Stmr Farallon, Roberts, 45 hours from Yaqulna
Bay and way ports; pass and mdse, to Meyer A
Akmann.
Stmr Empire, Anderson, 73 hours from Astoria;
mdse, to North Pacific Steamship Co.
Br ship springburn, R»e, 68 days from New.
castle, NSW; 4100 tons coal, to J D Spreckels A
Bros Co.
Schr Nettle Low. Low, 6 hours from Point
Reyes: 40 bxs butter, to J H Newbauer A Co; 100
cs cream, to Point Reyes Creamery.
Schr Etta B, Madsen, 12 hours from Fort Ross;
45 bxs butter, to Ross A Hewlett.
Cleared.
FRIDAY, June 19.
Stmr Eureka, Jepsen, San Pedro: Goodall, Per-
kins A Co. •
Stmr City of Para, Crowell, Panama, etc; P M
SSCO. _■..'..'■ ■:/:--YJ ■
Sailed.
FRIDAY, June 19.
FRIDAY, June 19.
Stmr Areata. Cousins. Portland.
Stmr Truckee, Thomas, Coos Bay.
Stmr City of Pars, Crowell, Panama, etc.
Stmr Alcatraz, W ilvig.
Gipsy. Lelaiti. Santa Cruz.
Stmr Bonita, Dowjning, Port Harford, etc
Stmr Whitesooro,} Johnson.
Mcx war stmr Za^-agoza, Pozo, Santa Cruz.
Schr Newark, Berk. Bow-ens Landing.
Schr Ruby A Cousins. Knudsen, Grays Harbor.
Schr Enterprise, Ingwersen.
Schr Helen N Kimball. HelUngsen, Honolulu.
Schr Annie Larsen, White, Tacoma.
Schr John A, Hellqulst, Eureka.
Schr Volante, Dannevig, Seattle.
Yacht Lurilne, Swauson, Santa Crus.
Telegraphic.
POINT LOBOS. June 19-10 p. it— Weather
hazy wind NW; velocity. 16 miles. '■'.:'-'■
Charter-).
The bark Gen Falrchlld loads coal at Nanaimo
for this port.
The l',r ship Loch Broom Is chartered for wheat
to Europe, August loading, 28s 9a— ls 3d less
direct. 'V.*
Spoken.
Apr 27—19 S 28 W, Br ship Hospodar, hence
Jan 23 for Ipswich.
No date— 66 S 80 W, Br ship Wilhelm Tell.from
Swansea for San Francisco.
Apr 29— 47 B 173 16 W, Br bark Port Ade
laide, from Newcastle, NSW, lor Antofagasta.
Domestic Ports.
UMPQU A— Arrived June 18— Schr Sadie, hence
June 9. • v- - .
ASTORIA— SaiIed June 19— Br bark Doxford,
for Antofagasta.
Arrived June 19— Stmr Columbia hnce June 17.
TATOOSH— Passed June 19— Nor Mmr Peter
Jebsen, from Nanaimo for Port Los Angeles; s.mr
Signal, from Puget Sound for Portland, Or.
PORT GAMBLE— Arrived June 19— _cnr Vesta,
from Hueneme.
POINT REVES— Passed June 18-Stmr Pasa
dena, trom San Pedro for Eureka.
EUREKA— Arrived June 19— Stmr North Fork,
hence June 17; stmr Pomona, hence June 18.
Sailed June 19— Schr Albert Meyer, for New
Whatcom. I
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived June 19— Schr
Bertie Minor, from Honolulu.
COLLINS LANDING— SaiIed June 19-Schr
Mary Etta, for San Francisco.
BOWENS LANDING— SaiIed June 19-Sclir
Nettie t-'undborg. for Lompoc.
MENDOCINO-Sailed June 19-Schr Bobolink,
for San Francisco. .
FORT BRAGG— Arrived June 19— Stmr Novo,
hence June 18.
FISKS MlLL— Arrived June 19-Schr Archie
and Fontie, hence June 17.
USAL— Arrived June 19- Stmr Protection, from
Redondo.
Fore leu Ports.
AUCKLAND— Arrived June 19— Br stmr Mono-
wni. hence May 28.
DUBLlN— Arrived Jnne 17— Br ship Glencalrn,
from Oregon.
HONGKONG-Arrlved June 18-Brstmr Chit-
tau-ong. from Oregon,
LIVERPOOL— Arrived June 17— Br ship Way-
farer, hence Jan 29. 18— Br bark KUmory, from
Seattle.
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived June 18-Br bark
Samarkand, from Oregon. * -."■"'
Sailed June 17— Br bark Penryn Castle, for Rot
terdam. .
YOKOHAMA— SaiIed June 18-Stmr City of
Peking, for san Francisco.
SCILLV— Passed June 18-Ger ship C H Wet-
jen, hence Feb 20 for Falmon-h.
"Importations.
YAQUINA BAY-Per Farallon-2733 sks oats,
100 bbls 656 hf-sks 2330 qr-sks flour, 98 cs eggs,
319 6 sks wheat, 300 sks bark, 4 coops chickens,
1 cs shoes, 2 kegs 4 bxs butter 17 rolls leather, 1
roll matting. 2 bis woolens, 18 pkgs mdse, 56 sas
[ oyster*, 22 bdls green hides.
Port Orford— s bis wool.
Eureka— 72 pkgs mdse, 12 tubs 44 kegs butter.
! SCO sks oats, 3 crts bicycles, 1 coop chickens.
i PORTLAND— Per Empire— 232 sks oats, 1 sk
i coffee, 34 bbls pickles, 26 M shingles, 400 M ft
I lumber.
\ FORT TOWNSEND— Per Walla Walla— l case.
< notions, 1 box blacking, 2 pkgs mdse.
Victoria— 3 pkgs mdse. 6cs whisky, Ics guns.
i China via Victoria— lo4 a curios, 10 pkgs mdse,
20 cs matches.
V. r.ingel— bis deer skins, 2 bis hair seal.
San lord Cove— 2l2 ski concentrates, 1 pkg
: amalgam.
Douglass Island— l cs rubber' baiting, Ics bul
: lion.
Sitka— l cs ore, Ics bird skins. 2 cs bullion. Ibx
Jewelry.
Hunters Bay— l okg amalgam, 221 sks concen
trates.
Seattle via Great N Ry — 1 ca boots and shoes.
Vancouver— 3 pk_s mdse, 100 bxs apples.
Depart Bay— 66B tons coal.
Tacoma— 9Bo bdlsgreen hides, 38 bdls calf hides,
3 bdls dry hides, 2 cs whisky, 68 pkgs mdse. 20-15
sks wheat, 2 cs umbrella, 1 bdl skins, 16 salt
! hides.
I Tacoma, west of Fargo— 664 pkgs furniture. 4
j pkgs mdse. 1 bx scales. 37 bdls hoops. 2 sks wool,.
I 1495 sks wheat. 1450 hi- sks 60 qr-sks flour.
Everett— s4 kegs nails, 1 pke mdse. Ics under-
wear, 1200 pkgs shooks, 232 rls 18 bdls 27 i>k<s
I paper.
I Seattle— l crate fillers, 1 bale junk. 2 bbls brass.
1 bx electric goods, 1 lot household furnish l n_s, 2
I sks coin, 2 cubs, 1 pkg saws. I tub 1 bx maple
I sugar, 5 bdls deer skins 148 green salt hides. 2 cs
| clothing, 2584 sks oats, 6 pkgs mdse, 36 cs meat.
: 1 cs furnishing goods, 64 chests tea, 1 bbl syrup, 2
bxs dynamos, -OS tons coal. 99 bis buckwheat. 3
I c. hats, 280 bdls green hides, 32 bis fish, 2 bxs
I shoes. _''_•"'_
Whatcom— lo33 pcs lumber,'- pkgs mdse, 4 tubs
1 bx butter.
Consignee*.
Per Farallon— Moore. Ferguson A Co: H Dotard j
Geo Morrow A Co: A nap-Cher Bros: J P Thomas:
C J Leist A Co; C M Vulkii.nn: W C Price A Co;
Allen A Lewis: Wheaton, Breon A Co; G F Simp
son A- Co: F B ttalght; W l" Mitchell: G W Simp
son- SH Frank* CO. E R Stevens A Co: J Green
berg: Levi Strauss A Co: Dodge, Sweeney A Co ;
W B Sumner A Co: standard oil Co: C Jacobson:
Morgan Oyster Co; Hulme A Hart: M J Br.inde;\
st.-in; Ross A Hewlett: Murphy, Grant ACo; Pac
Commercial Co: Brigham. Hoppe * Co.
Per Walla Walla-Blsslnger A Co; E G Lyons
A Co: Fredericksburg Brewery; B Sanguinettl; J
W BrO ks ACo; Heynemann A Co: Pac Ro ling
mllls; standard OIlCo: W B Sumner A Co: Reed
ACo; Doernbccher Furniture Co; John Tavlor
A Co: American Tobacco Co: Pacific Wooden ware
Co; Pacilic Ammonia and Chemical Works: L P
Everett: Christy A Wise; Heistand, Warner* Co:
Allen A Lewis: H Dutard: Thos Watson; siaurt
Chemical Works: C J Lelst A Co; G W Howard;
H W Higgins; Baker A Hamilton; C B Role
A Co: W Cohen, , Hirscii A Co: Kowalsky A Co;
Blake, Moffltt A Tow ; Wells, Fargo A Co ; Bel
linuham Bay Imp Co; Buckingham, Hecht A Co;
Murphy, Grant A Co: F N Marden ACo: Sachs
Bros; Main A Winchester: W'ertheimer Co; Triest
A Co; Cahn, Nickeisburg A Co; Anderson A Con
lln: 1' Berwin A Bro; Benj Curtaz & Co: A Lasar;
California Last Factory; sherwood A sner wool: C
p Wiuslow A Co: D E Allison A Co: Geo Fritch:
Oregon Imp Co: American Union Fish Co: Bat,-.
A -uydam; A L Bryant s-.ioe Co; California Coal
and G Co; Deniiiu- Palmer Co; Getz Bros A Co: M
J Brandensteln A Co. California Wine Assn; M
Devltt A Co; Wieland Brewing Co: Julius Kahn:
Lachmau A Jacobi; Milanl A Co; APaladini:J
Durhsen;. A.'F Chemical Works: W T Garrett
A Co: Thos la A Co: Wm H Birch: -X A Wise:
CW Milter: Apollo Con Mining Co; North Amer
ican Commercial Co; Selby smelting and Lead Co;
Bank of California: Schweitzer A CO: order: Son
Bros A Co; Sawyer Tanning Co: C C Penneil A Co.
Per Empire— Moore, Ferguson ACo; E Lvsle<;
Russ, Sanders A Co; Washington Mfg Co; Paclfio
Vinegar and Pickle Works.
For Late Shipping Intelligence See Fifteenth Page.MAYBRICK AGENTS
WERE SCARED OFF.
Circulars Asking for Aid
Were Distributed
Freely.
NO COLLECTIONS MADE.
Discovery of a Swindle in the
North Nipped the Fraud
in the Bud.
MEN WHO HEARD THE TRIAL.
Mrs. Mayhrick's Prospects Have
Been Hurt by Cheap
Agitation.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,)
908 Broadway, June 19. f
The attempt to raise money on behalf
of Mrs. May brick, which was worked suc
cessfully in the Northern Pacific Coast
States, was also attempted in this city,
although it does not appear that it pro
pressed through any more than the pre
liminary stage. This was to send a circu
lar to prominent people stating the pur
poses of the "Maybnck Association," and
that an agent would appear later who
would be authorized to collect subscrip
tions.
The circular was a very simple affair
and did not deal in detail, but denounced
the imprisonment of Mrs. Maybrick as an
outrage, and stated that with a sufficient
fund the case could be reopened and the
woman now in Woking Penitentiary would
undoubtedly be acquitted.
One of those who received the circular
was Dr. 0. L. Jones of this city. The doc
tor is well posted on the Maybrick case.
having been traveling in England at the
time of the trial. He was prepared to
have an interesting talk with the "agent,"
but the publication of a Maybrick swin
dle from the north a few days ago seems
to have upset the arraneements, for the
agent has not yet appeared, nor is he ex
pected.
"The friends of Mrs. Maybrick," said
Dr. Jones to-day, "have a wrong concep
tion of the facts. They are working ou
the idea that Mrs. Maybrick was thrown
into prison, and that the British Home
Secretary, who is the active part of
royalty in such cases, is afraid to
advise her pardon, because the pop
ular voice demands it. This is far
from being the case. The trial of Mrs.
Maybrick was one of the most sensational
ever heard in the historic St. George's
Hall, Liverpool. So confident were the
public that a verdict of acquittal would
be brought in that they carried large
white bouquets into court ready to pre
sent to her when the verdict should be
pronounced. They haa even asked per
mission to pass the bouquets to her wuile
she was still in the dock. Everybody
wanted her acquitted and the public sen- j
timent to this day is in her favor. These j
conditions, however, do not appear to !
have any weight with the Home Secretary :
and mere are many who think that if |
there had been less cheap agitation on j
her behalf her chances of a pardon would |
have been greater." i
There is another gentleman living in
this city who heard all of that wonderful j
trial. He is an Englishman and naturally j
has a high opinion of British jurispru
dence. His comparisons of the manner
of carrying out sentences as evidenced by
Mrs. Maybrick and Durrant are, however,
interesting at this time.
"Mrs. Maybrick had one of the fairest
trials,"' he said to-day, "and perhaps the
ablest criminal pleader in the world, Sir
Charles Russell, to defend her. No one
doubted the fairness of her trial and the
jurors must have been clearly convinced
of her guilt when they rendered a verdict
of guilty in the face of public op
position." In my opinion, it ill be
comes the people of this country
to dictate to Great Britain how law should
be administered. Here the jails are full of
murderers and there are scores more at lar_-e
that should have been hanged years ago if it
were not for corruption. Compare Deming,
who was hanged in Australia a few years
ago, with Durrant. When is ever a rich
man hanged in this country? Don't you
know, I think the Home Secretary must
have some grit to refuse to obey the de
mand of this Nation. Talk about sympa
thy for Mrs. Maybrick. The ladies of Liv
erpool would have carried her out of the
dock if they could and have set her free."
TO CEMENT A RESERVOIR
Result of Health Officer Rowell's
Analysis of Berkeley
Water.
Trustees Advised to Have Constructed
a Cement Bottom for the
Berryman Tank.
BERKELEY. Cal.. July 19.— Dr. H. N.
Rowell, Health Officer of Berkeley, has
• just completed an analysis of the water
supply of the town, made at the instance
of several complainers who declared that
there was an objectionable odor about the
water.
Dr. Rowell, with Sanitary Inspector
Frank Thompson, visited the Alameda
Water Company's reservoir and secured
for chemical examination samples of the
water furnished to the town.
"I find that there is some vegetable mat-
ter in the water, though not much," said
Dr. Rowell to-day. "There is nothing
dangerously harmful in the fluid, but the
vegetable matter is not desirable and steps
should be taken to remedy this one defect
in so far as is possible.
"I shall recommend that the Alameda
Water Company be compelled to provide
a cement bottom for its reservoirs, or else
to cover them over. Either one of these
two courses will do away with the evil that
has been complained of."
The reservoir which It is proposed to
have provided with a cement bottom is tbe
lowest of the company's three reservoirs,
Known as the Bern-man reservoir. It has
a capacity of about 25,000,000 gallons. A
rough estimate of the cost of constructing
the cement bottom places the expense at
about $10,000.
* If the Board of Town Trustees should
adopt the recommendation of Dr. Rowell
and order the Alameda Water Company
to cement the bottom of its reservoir the
company would be compelled under the
Jaw to give heed to the order, the improve-
ment being one which it is in the power
of the Trustees to order as a sanitary
measure.
The nearest time at which the cement-
ing is likely to be done is next winter,
when the reservoir can be emptied with
assurance of an immediate supply of
water to refill it.
Election of Lodge Officers.
BERKELEY, Cal., June 19.— Paul Re-
The Three Children of Mayor Davie, Who Are Direct Heirs to a Portion of $55,000,000 Paid by the
French Government Partly for Their Ancestors' Benefit Over a Hundred Years Ago.
French Government Partly for Their Ancestors' Benefit Over a Hundred Years Ago.
[From a photograph by Haussler.]
vere Council No. 23, Junior Order U. A. M.,
has elected the following officers:
Councilor, J. Sherratt. re-elected; vice-coun
cilor, A. Woods; recording secretary, W. Bis
sell; financial secretary, M. Geirvine, re
elected; treasurer, J. Schmitt Jr., re-elected;
warden, E. Stewart, re-elected; chaplain, J.
Aver; conductor, P. Turman, re-elected; inside
sentinel, A. St. John, re-elected; outside sen
tinel, B. Turman; trustee, long term, A. Wells;
delegate, long term, to Alameda county com
mittee, Paolo Salisbury, re-elected.
Glass Picnic.
BERKELEY, Cal., June 19.— The class
of '96 of the Berkeley High School held a
picnic to-night at Wildcat Canyon.
VISITED BY A JURY.
shown the Device by Lottery-Dealers
to Prevent Being Seen by-
Players.
OAKLAND, Cal., June 19.— The sight
of a jury, with the court and all of its offi
cials, visiting a Chinese lottery joint, is
novel and attracted much attention when
they filed into "Big Jim's" place on
Eighth street, near Washington. Captain
Wilson was in charge, assisted by Bailiff
Mitchell.
One of the witnesses for the prosecution
swore that he looked through a door and
saw the defendant behind a partition, built
specially to conceal him from view. This,
said the defendant's attorney, was an im
possibility, and in order that the jury
•night see the condition of things. Judge
Wood decided that the jurors might see
for themselves the condition of the prem
ises. The jury inspected the blind parti
tion aDd room in tbe rear carefully. Slips
had been cut through the partition to per
mit of the passing of the tickets out, to
purchasers. The shelves on each side had
been inclined at a slight angle so that a
person could not look through the slits
and see anybody. At the door, through
which the witnesses referred to, it was
seen that a screen two feet wide had been
put up to prevent persons on the outside
catching a glimpse of the dealer inside.
VALUABLE RELICS.
Mexican Veterans of Stockton Hold the
Original Monterey lag.
OAKLAND, Cal., June Major E.
A. Sherman has received a letter from the
Mexican Veterans of San Joaquin County
accepting the invitation to assist in the
Monterey celebration on July 7 in com
memoration of the landing of Commodore
Sloat and the raising of the first American
flag on California soil at that point fifty
years ago.
They have in their possession the flag
raised on that occasion, and expect to
carry it with them on the day mentioned.
It was presented to their organisation by.
Lieutenant Gilbert, who was an officer on
the Savannah at the landing on July 7,
1846. There is in their ranks a General
Ketchum, who. as ranking officer, took
command of the post in 1848. ,
> — — .
REV. MAAR TO LEAVE.
He Accepts a Pastorate at Bed wood
City and Goes in Three Weeks.
NILES, Cal., June 19.— Rev. F. H.
Maar, who has been the Congregational
pastor here for seven years past, has
accepted a call to Redwood City and will
leave here July 12. He organized the
local church and has worked bard ever
since in building it up. He also built a
pretty church at Mission San Jose and
has occupied the pulpit regularly for
nearly six years.
About three years ago he organized a
church at Decoto, preaching there every
o.her Sunday. Within three months they
have completed a new and neat church
edifice. He is a general favorite with all,
and along with his other work has found
time to do much Christian Endeavor
work.
* — ♦ — ♦
Daltoa Malting
OAKLAND, Cal., June 19.— County
j Assessor H. P. Dalton is awaiting the de
; cision of the Supreme Court in the appeal
i of a National bank in Stanislaus County
v.-. \V. A. Downer in his effort to collect
; taxes upon it. stocks before he makes any
j move in the matter of assessing the prop
| erty of the National banks of this city.
i He only has until the first Monday in
I July.
Mr. Dalton is sending out notices to
those who are delinquent in the payment
I of personal property taxes to the effect
; that if not paid within three days of the
| date of notice he will be compelled
under the law to collect the tax by seizure
and sale.
HISTORY OF A DAY.
HISTORY OF A DAT.
Alameda County Happenings Told in
Brief Chanters.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call, )
908 Broadway, June 19. |
The many friends of Dr. E. H. Pardee, T?ho
has been 111 for some months, will be pleased
1 to learn that he is improving in health.
The attention of Public Administrator
. Knight has been called to the fact that the es-
I tate of the late Annie Parker has not been ad
| ministered upon.
Louise Schoelton of Temescal has been com-
I milted to Agnews. She imagines that people
I are trying to burn her and her children. She
| attempted to strangle herself.
A report has been current to the effect that
she Laundry Farm Kailroad has been recently
told. Mr. Rank, superintendent of the line,
says that there is nothing in the story.
The Christian Alliance of California has
I been incorpor. ted for the term of fifty years to
| forward the work of the general Christian Alli
: ance and to acquire and hold real estate.
I D. F. McCarthy's saloon at Fourteenth and
j Kirkham streets was burglarized Wednesday
I night, entrance being effected by means of the
j rear transom. The cash drawer was rilled of a
i small amount.
The Union Ravings Hank has brought suit
i against J. E. McElrath and other defendants,
J including M. H. de Young, to foreclose a mort
j gage on a portion of the Alden Tract securing
a note for $10,825 made in 1869.
Constable Glaze of East Oakland has gone to
Watsonville for Paul Hughes, who is wanted
for some petty offense committed just outside
of the city. Young Hughes started out with
Carl Jones in his horse- trading trip, which was
cut short at Watsonville.
Alameda County's Exposition this year will
far surpass the crude but successful affair of
last December. It will be an exposition
planned on the most extensive and elaborate
detail, showing the products of all Alameda
County and not of one section or city.
The Oakland City Christian Endeavor Union
meets at the Y. M. C. A. Monday evening.
Business of special importance will be con
sidered and a full attendance of the delegates
from each society is earnestly desired. Plans
for aggressive evangelistic work will be con
sidered.
The vacation of the Judges of the Superior
Court begins on Tuesday next, the 23d inst.,
and will continue until the 15th of August.
During that time the criminal court will be
keptooen and one Judge will consequently be
on hand to attend. to any business of an urgent
nature which it may be desirous of transact
ing.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JUNE 20, 1896.
MAY BE LITTLE
MILLIONAIRES.
• ■
Mayor Davie Hears Start-
Mayor Davie Hears Start-
ling News of His
Children.
DIRECT LEGAL HEIRS
To the Spoliation Claims Paid
by the French Govern-
ment.
STORY OF THEIR ANCESTOR.
STORY OF THEIR ANCESTOR.
Their Great- Grandtither Was in a
Their Great - Grand-father Was in a
French Prison a Century
Ago.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,)
90S Broadway, June 19. )
It has been discovered that all the heirs
to the $55,000,003 paid by the French Gov
ernment to the Government of the United
States nearly a century ago are not all
dead. Three of their- are at present resid
ing in Oakland. They are the minor chil
dren of Mayor Davie. ■■■XX. < V
The fund in the National treasury known
as the French spoliation claims would
have been distributed under the provisions
of a bill passed by the last Congress, but it
was vetoed by the President. The money
was paid by France and held in trust by
the United States for depredations to pri
vate persons and property during the ex
citing years at the end of the last century
ana the commencement of the present one.
The grandfather of Mayor Davie's chil
dren resides at 155 Hawthorne street, San
Francisco. He has for. years been in
possession of oil the data *-' necessary to
establish the claim of ] .his grandchildren,
and he will at once taKe steps to see that
the money is paid to those for whose bene
fit it was intrusted. to the Government of
this country. • *-• .'-Y
very interesting little story is told by
the grandfather, James Biddolph, in a let
ter received by Mayor Davie this morning:
155 Hawthorne Street, )
San Francisco, June 18, 1896. j
John L. Davie, Mayor of Oakland— Dear Sir:
! There are reports that ail cf the heirs to the
1 French spoliation claims are dead. Hut I can
i assure you that there are a great many claim-
I ants that are very much alive. Your own
three children are heirs in a direct line for
those claims.
The schooner Variety, a duly registered ves
sel of the United States, Micah Dyer, master,
i bound on a lawful voyage to Leghorn, sailed
from Duxbury, Mass., January, 1798, and in
' March, 1798, when near the entrance of Leg-
I horn Harbor, was seized by a French cruiser or
| vessel of war and taken tothe Isle of Corsica
and was there condemned by French tribunals
and wholly lost to her owners. By reason of
said capture Micah Dyer was thrown into a
French prison.
After being robbed of all he possessed, and
.offering in bod; and mind through the filth
of French dungeons and the insults of French
citizens, he was afterward cast out In a foreign
! land penniless to make his way the best ho
'■ could to his native land. His case has been
tried and his claims proved valid, and the
money to pay those Claims' was received by
the United States and paid into the United
States treasury nearly 100 years ago, under
Andrew Jackson's administration. This Gov
ernment has therefore had in its possession
for nearly a century money belonging to
Micah Dyer and his heirs.
Your children's great-granamother, now
nearly 89 years old and residing with me,
Mrs. Minerva 8. Oliver, is Micah Dyer's eldest
daughter. There are three other (laughters,
now residing in Massachusetts. If they think
the claimants are all dead there is a fine
chance for them to undeceive themselves by
applying to Jajies I'idpolph.
Mayor Davie went to San .Francisco this
Mnyor Davie went to San .Francisco this
afternoon to see what further steps should
be taken in the matter. "I have known
this for a long time," be said, "but not in
such a definite way as Mr. Biddolph has
now placed it. If his facts are capable of
proof there should be no difficulty in hay-
ing the spoliation bill passed over the
veto at the next session of Congress.
The three young heirs are all bright
boys and capable musicians. Under the
training of their father, who was at one
time a tenor soloist in grand opera, they
have made wonderful progress and nightly
concerts with home talent are the pro-
gramme at the Davie residence.
WHY WOMEN MUST WORK
Alameda Suffrage Association
Finds Monopolies Are
Finds Monopolies Are
Responsible.
First Shcot of the Reliance Gun Cub.
Challenge Accepted by Encinai
Yachtsmen.
ALAMEDA, Cal., June 19.— The Ala
meda auxiliary of the Woman Suffrage
Association held its usual meeting this
afternoon inG. A. R. Hall. The question
discussed was, "Why Are So Many
Women in -Business Occupations?" The
answer given was, because monopolies and
corporations controlled the business arena
of the Union, forcing men to accept wages
that would not support the family. This
compelled women to leave the home and
earn a living to make existence possible.
Mrs. Morris sang "The Brook" charm
ingly before the discussion began.
On Monday -Mrs.- Haziite of Colorado
will address the Political Equality Club.
Kncinal Yacht Club.
ALAMEDA, Cal., June 19.— The direct
ors of the Encinai Yacht Club held a meet
ing last night and elected Dr. Pond of this
city and Mr. Porter of Porter 'Bros., San
Francisco, to membership.
It was decided to accept the challenge.
of the San Francisco Yacht Club, and a
meeting of the boat-owner, and members
is called for next Tuesday evening to ar
range the preliminaries. James Tyson's
sloop Fawn will probably be the boat
chosen to uphold the honor of the Enci
nals against Captain Sutherland's Cather
ine. The sons of members of the club
were granted permission to organize an
athletic club in connection with the yacht
ing organization. *
Reliance Gun Club.
ALAMEDA, Cal., June 19.— The Reli
ance Gun Club will hold its first club
shoot on Sunday, June 21. It will be the
first of a series that are to be held on the
third Sundays in June, July, August and
September. After the August meeting
the members who have competed will be
divided into four classes, to each of which
appropriate medals will be awarded. The
final competition for these medals will
take place in September.
Death of an Old Resident.
ALAMEDA, Cal., June 19.— Mrs. Mary
Elizabeth Kuhls, who has been a resident
of this city for over thirty years, died yes
terday from tuberculosis, aged 48 years.
The funeral services will be held on Sat
urday morning at 11 o'clock at her late
residence, 1727 Mtnturn street.
WHERE WAS GORDON?
Testifies He Was in New York When
Banker Little Was Bun-
koed.
OAKLAND, CaI., June 19.— The prosecu
tion in the "gold-brick" case, wherein
Banker Stephen G. Little of Dixon was
buncoed out of $7500, closed its case this
morning. -v They succeeded in getting the
National Government bluebook as evi
dence to show that there was no such as
sayer in the Philadelphia Mint as Morton,
a3 he is alleged to have represented him
self to be to the banker.
"Big-foot" Gordon was the first witness
for the defense, and he denied that he was
in OaKland the day the alleged ounko
game was worked, saying he was in New
York at the time.
He was substantiated by William de
Bell, who testified he was employed in a
livery stable in that city at the time and
hired a rig to Gordon.
WICKHAM MAY ESCAPE.
Fatal Krror of a Careless Clerk in the
"District Attorney's Office.
OAKLAND, Cal., June 19.— Edward
Wickham, now in the County Jail under a
i fifteen years' sentence for grand larceny,
may escape punishment altogether by the
carelessness of the District Attorney's
office. 'Xr"X.SrY Xy V
Wickham was one of the railroad strik
ers in 1894, and being unable to get any-
thing to do, he hired a horse and buggy
■ and left for parts unknown. At Bakers
field he disposed of the rig for $20, but was
I subsequently caueht and brought back to
this city for trial.
When the case came to trial his attorney
made no defense, but claimed that the in-
formation against defendant had not been
filed with the County Clerk by the District
Attorney within the time specified by law,
and asked for an acquittal. The District
Attorney admitted at the time that the
i failure to file the information was due to
; the carelessness of a clerk, and the court
I overruled the motion to dismiss, and now
the Supreme Court has reversed the lower
! court and orders the prosecution dis-
I missed, unless good cause is shown for
' failure to file the information.
SUNDAY RACES.
List of Kntries and Handicaps,, and
Prizes to Be Awarded.
OAKLAND, Cal., June 19.— The Reli
ance Wheelmen will hold a Sunday road
race from High street to San Leandro, a
t<*-n-nule-straight-away course. The start
will be at 10 a. m. The entries, with the
handicaps and the list of prizes to be
awarded the winners:
Entries and handicaps— Harris, Marston,
Leonard and Thompson, 3 minutes; Bain and
Robson. 2% minutes; Gray, 2}.£ minutes;
Hayselden and Myrick, 2 minutes; Brereton
and Neylan, I}. minutes; Jones and Rosen-'
heira, \\i minutes; Wilkins, 1 minute: Yeo
man, scratch.
Place prizes— One dozen Paris panels and
life-size crayon presented by Bushnell; $5
worth of merchandise, M. J. Keller; one pair
gloves, B. C. Lund ; bicycle name plate, Leavitt
& Bill; subscription to the Western Wheel
man. t
Time prizes— Club sweater, presented by H.
A. Tubbs; patent bicycle cleaning stand, H.
W. QuittJr.
Slowest time—^Bottle of Rub Down, presented
by A. M. Boyden Jr.
RESCUED BY DIMOND.
He Must Answer for Battery in Defend- '
ing; a Woman. v
OAKLAND,^ Cal., June 19.— Dr. Ferdi
nand J. Schwartzschild has had Dennis
Dimond arrested on a charge of battery.
The parties all reside at the head of Fruit
vale avenue, and during a row Detween
the doctor and his sister-in-law over some
flowers the latter was carry when they
met, young Dimond went to the lady's
rescue and forced the man to leave her
alone. The fracas has caused quite a com
motion as all interested are quite well
known people.
They met at the car platform and as
soon "as he saw the woman with some
flowers in her hand he rushed at her in a
frenzy, crying out, "You have mv flowers!
You have my flowers ! You shaH"not carry
off my property!" He attempted to take
them by force and in her struggles to re
tain them she was dragged along the street
about fifty feet and handled quite roughly
until rescued.
SUMMONED HOME.
Sirs, Ann Reid of Temescal Quietly
Passed Away.
TEMESCAL, Cal., June 19.— Mrs. Ann
Reid, widow of the late Captain Charles
W. Reed and one of the oldest residents,
passed away very quietly at an early hour
this morning at her home on Maple street.
She has been a sufferer from heart trouble
for some time. She was a native of Scot
land, 73 years of age, and has resided here
forty years. Her husband died eight
years leaving her a fortune estimated
at ; half a million. They had no children.
Sold Impure Mill..
. Owen McCooey, the milkman who was re
cently arrested by Milk Inspector Dockery for
selling adulterated milk, was yesterday con
victed in Police Court 1 and fined $25 by Judge
Campbell. Not having the money to pay the
fine he was ordered into custody by the Judge.
ChiJdren Cry for Pitcher's Castoria.
ALAMEDA COUNTY
WILL RATIFY.
Red Fire on the Streets
and Oratory at the
Tabernacle.
A MONSTER PARADE
Republicans From Every Ward
and Township Will Be
in Line.
SEVERAL SHORT ADDRESSES.
Senator Perkins Will Probably Be
One of tbe Leading
Speakers.
Oakland Office San Francisco Gall,)
908 Broadway, June 19. J
The air will be full of Republicanism
to-morrow night. The shouts that will go
up at the Tabernacle will be beard for
blocks around, and deaf indeed will be the
Oaklander who will not know by mid
night that the McKinley-Hobart Presi
dential campaign has commenced. .
The County Central Committee has
placed the demonstration in charge of the
executive committee, consisting of R. W.
Church, A. L. McPherson, Charles Mau
talen and Frank Armstrong. The com
mittee has announced its plans and made
its appointments and has made them
public.
Martin Campbell has been chosen as
grand marshal and W. R. Thomas as
chief aid, while Colonel J. P. McElroy,
president of the Army and Navy Repub
lican 'League, will preside over the
meeting.
The formation of the parade is as fol
lows, and the grand marshal wishes all
the organizations to follow them out to
the letter so as to avoid any confusion
and ensure a first-class parade:
Marshal and Chief Aid, Sixth and Broadway.
Band.
Republican Alliance of Alameda County.
- Army and Navy League.
Young Men's Republican League of Alameda
County.
Sons of Veterans.
Wagon with Rea Fire and Fireworks.
First, Second and Third Ward Clubs in their
Numerical Order.
McKinley Club. i
Fourth, Fifth, Sixth and Seventh Ward Clubs
in their Numerical Order.
Oakland and Brooklyn Township Clubs.
Citizens on Foot.
Various Political Organizations.
Keller's Rangers Bringing Up the Rear of
Column.
LINE OF MARCH.
From Sixth and Broadway to Fourteenth,
thence to Washington, thence to Eighth,
thence to Franklin, thence to Tenth, thence to
Broadway, thence to Twelfth, thence to Tab
ernacle.
Residences and business blocks along the
line of march are requested to illuminate.
ASSEMBLING OF PARADE.
Marshal* and chief aid. Sixth and Broadway;
Republican Alliance will form on Sixth street,
west siae Broadway, right on Broadway; Army
and Navy League, east side Sixth street, east
side Broadway, right resting on Broadway;
Young Men's Republican League, west side
Broadway, between . Fifth and Sixth streets;
Sous of Veterans, west side of Broadway, be
tween Fifth and Sixth streets ; First, Second and
Third Ward Clubs, east side Broadw.-.y, be
tween Fifth and Sixth street- ; McKinley Club,
Fifth street, east side Broadway, right resting
on Broadway; Fourth, Fifth, Sixth and
Seventh Ward Clubs, west side Broadway, be
tween Fourth and Fifth streets; Oakland and
Brooklyn Township Clubs, east side Broadway,
between Third and Fourth streets; Keller's
Rangers, rear of column.
Clubs and other organizations taking part in
the parade will be on the ground promptly at
7:30 p. M.; column to move at 8 p. M. sharp.
By order Marston Campbell, Marshal,
Attest: W. R. Thomas, Chief Aid.
Citizens are requested to call on the Repub
lican County Central Committee, headquar
ters in Blake & Moffltt building, Broadway,
between Eighth and Ninth streets, where they
will be provided with flags and hand torches.
Organizations other than those mentioned
in order of march desiring position in column
are requested to communicate with Chief Aid
W. R.Thomas, 465 Ninth street.
The Fifth Ward Republican Club, of
which C. O. Alexander is president and
E. L. Johnson secretary, is called to meet
at Elite Hall at 7:15 to get into line for the
parade. ";XX~
The Army and Navy Republican League
will take part in the parade and will meet
at their headquarters at 7p. m. All old
sailors and soldiers are invited to join the
ranks.
Among those who are expected to ad
dress the meeting are: Congressman 8. G.
Hilborn, W. R. Davis, A. S. Stratton, L. S.
Church, W. I. Talcott and A. L. Frick.
Brevity has been decided upon, and the
orator who talks more than ten minutes
will have bis coattails pulled.
Senator Perkins has accepted an invita
tion to speak in San Francisco, but an at
tempt will be made to get him to cancel It
and speak at the tabernacle.
SWEET GRAPES IN JUNE.
Yuma Heights Matures the Ber
ries Ahead of Any Section
in the Country.
Proud Achievement of a Man of Pluck
and Enterprise in the Arizona
Desert.
Grapes, sweet, ripe and fully matured in
the middle of June is the proud record of
Yuma Heights, a section of irrigated
desert about two miles from the town of
Yuma.
They were raised by H. W. Blaisdell of
Yuma and a sample box of them shipped
to W. G. Curtis, engineer of maintenance
of ways of the Southern Pacific Company,
who was showing them to his friends Yes
terday as a gratifying tribute to the pluck
and enterprise of Mr. Blaisdell. Accom
panying the fruit was the following letter:
I forward by to-day's express a small box of
Thompson's seedless grapes from the > Yuma
Heights ranch, such as we are < shipping in all
directions.
Please show them to Mr. Kruttschnitt. I
should also like to have Mr. Smurr see them.
Next year we should be prepared to ship 100
tons of such fruit before June 20.
Mr. Curtis is deeply interested in the
labors of his friend, who by his persist
ence and determination, has demonstrated
that the variety of grapes mentioned, as
well as other table grapes, can be placed
on the market from Yuma fully a month
ahead of those raised in any other part of
the United States. For this reason alone
Mr. Curtis thinks there is justification for
the irrigation of that district.
"'.* "Blaisdell's enterprise," said Mr. Curtis,
"has done more for this section than any
other man. The water used for irrigating
by Mr. Blaisdell is brought to Yuma,
Heights in pipes from the Colorado River'
where it is pumped by steam power to the
Auction Sales
■ ATOM SALE FOR CREDITORS.
AUCTION SALE FOR CREDITORS.
$25,000 WORTH OF JAPANESE HIGH-ART GOODS!
Placed in my hands by the CREDITORS of the
ORIENTAL ® COMPANY.
ORIENTAL * TRADING * COMPANY.
All to be closed out on the premises,
419 KEARNY STREET, COMMENCING ON MONDAY, .ONE 22, 1890,
At 10:30 A. M. and 2 F. M., and Continuing Daily Until All Is Sold.
This is positively the largest stock on the coast, consisting of Oriental Ococo Rugs, Elegant Screens,
Bronzes, Canton Curios. Old Satsuma, Kaga, Koohl, Cloisonne, Awata. Bishu, Ivory and Wood Carv-
ings, Ancient and Musical Instruments. Sale positive as store is rented, l.a lies particularly invited.
CHAS. EASTMAN, AUCTIONEER FOR CREDITORS.
EDWARD S. SPEAR & CO.,
Auctioneers, 31 and 33 Sutter Street.
Y-.Y: TELEPHONE, MAIN, 518 L
THIS DAY,
Saturday June 20, 1896,
At 10 o'clock a. m. at salesrooms.
....WKWILLSKU, THK....
CONTENTS OF A 40-ROOM HOTEL
CONBISTIN'G OF
Parlor, Bedroom and Dining-room Furniture;
French Plate Mirrors; 40 pair Blankets: 30 Hair
Mattresses: 30 -pair Feather Pillows; Sheeting:
Toilet Crockery; 2000 yards Brussels Carpets, etc.
EDWARD S. SPEAR A CO., Auctioneers, -
31 and 33 Sutter street
GRAND GROCERY AUCTION.
J. C. MUTHER, AUCTIONEER.
Office, 601 California st., cor. of Kearny,
WILL SELL THIS DAY,
WILL SELL THIS DAY,
Saturday .June 20.
Commencing at 11 a. __..
At the corner of Post and Baker streets,
A Very Fine and Extensive Stock
Of Fine Groceries, Wines, Liquors.
Cigars, Sc ales, Showt-aaes, Coffeemill.
Ana also 1 fine norse, Wagon and Harness.
Ana also 1 fine norse, Wagon and Harness.
Everything new and fresh, and nothing will be
limited or reserved.
J. C. MI'THER, Auctioneer.
height of eighty feet before it enters the
main distributing pipe. The capacity of
these experimental works are 600 miners'
inches and furnish irrigation for 3000 acres
of early citrus and deciduous fruit lands,
extendine from the mesa land of Arizona
to the eastern side of the Colorado."
M'KENZIE IS MISSING.
An Insurance Broker Said to Have Quit
Hia Quarter, on California m
Hi- Quarters on California
Street.
Street.
Such of the public as has tad dealings
with C. J. McKenzie of the firm of Enriuht
& McKenzie at 322 California street are a
little uneasy at the disappearance of Mc
little uneasy at the disappearance of Mc-
Kenzie, who, it is rumored, has left the
City on an extensive trip, probably in pur
suit of Dunham, who is supposed to have
suit of Dunham, who is supposed to have
gone to Mexico. V"V*
gone to Mexico.
Be this as it may the partner of Enright
did not warm his office chair yesterday
morning, nor did he, so far as could be
ascertained, leave his card announcing
when he would return. Y:Y YY;Y
when he would return.
This firm of insurance brokers had an
This firm of insurance brokers had an
office in the Lancashire Insurance Com
pany's quarters, of which Mann & Wilson
are the Pacific Coast managers. But they
were not attaches of the company, and
consequently did no business for that con
cern other than the placing of such poli
cies as they saw fit to give to Mann & Wil
son for the company which they repre
sented.
If McKenzie's accounts should be wrong
the loss would fall on his partner Enright
the Joss would fall on his partner Enright
and the policy-holders who paid bim
money for the purpose of placing their
policies. V
policies.
McKenzie was at one time the trusted
friend of Hugh Craig of the New Zealand
Insurance Company, but as is said by
some, this friendship ceased some time
ago, when Craig placed his friend in a
ago, when Craig placed his friend in a
position of trust and responsibility in
Denver.
The return of McKenzie to his office
The return of McKenzie to his office
would set the tongue of street gossip at
peace and restore him to the confidence of
his friends.
TWENTY YEARS FOR ROBBERY.
Judge Wallace's Kule for Highway-
men Still Holds Good.
Judge Wallace does not intend that the
footpad industry shall be revived during
the present spell of darkness in this City
if he can help it. He yesterday sentenced
J. Jones, a negro, who some time ago held
up Leonard Roach and robbed him of
$2 30 and a watch, to twenty years in the
(State prison.
Jones' attorney pleaded that his client
was a man of family and would at once on
his liberation leave San Francisco forever
by shipping on a deep-water vessel if given
a light sentence. His Honor could not
find any reason for leniency in the promise
and held to his usual rule to give foot
pads a twenty-year sentence.
A Miner* Estate.
J. W. Wesson was yesterday appointed ad
ministrator of the estate of Joshua N. Pedlar,
a miner, who died May 22 last. The estate is
valued at $15,000.
Itepep!
I lDftfifc"
llTOiMfCtl
A smart Broadway, New
York, druggist has
this sign hanging outside
his store, it marks the
new era of drug selling.
Is it any wonder that ho
has to enlarge his quar-
ters, that his clerks are
busy, and that his store is
one of the most popular
along the leading thor-
oughfare ?
You can afford to trade
with a druggist that has
such a motto as that
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
fctnm&Mk <»-•"» K_*,._t.\ ST. Established
wW^f:a\mm) '" 183-f -or the treatment of Private
E-Bmmtfßkmmmßl Diseases, Lost Manhood. . Debility or
Hgrt |A disease wearing on bodyand mind and
yMBU Skin Diseases. The doc torcu res when
JJJ! ■Bothers fail. Try him. Charges low.
Cure* guaranteed. Callorwrite.
Dr. J. W. tiIBBOM, Box 1037. Sau Eranclsco.
IDtRM. SALE.
WILL SELL THIS DAY
At 11 A. M..
500 LARKIN STREET,
THE SEW OAK FURNITURE OF 5 ROOMS,
Parlor Furniture, Oak Folding Bed,
Oak Sets. Elegant Lace Curtains, Brussels Carpet,
Lining-room Furniture, Elegant Range, etc.
L. H. BURP, 'Auctioneer.
ASSIGNEE^ SALE.
__fiHbs
Rockaways. Buggies, Wagons, Carts,
Rockaways, Bnggies, Wagons, Carts.
Etc., at 11*8 Mission and 1141 Mis-
sion St., Bet. 7th and Bth, S. F.
AT AUCTION, MONDAY. JUNE 21,
Atll o'clock a. m., by order of
J. KENNEDY, Assignee, we will sell
THE ENTIRE STOCK OF BIOS, consisting of
6 Open and Top Rocknwavs, 3 Surreys, 3 Phae-
tons, 2 Village Carts, 10 Top Buggies, 'JO Open
Business and Road Buggies. 1 l'irsi-cia-is Wagon-
ette. 5 Business Carts, 26 Sprins Wagons of all
description.. 1 Vine Camn Wagon (almost
new), 6 Laundry Wagons suitable for all delivery
purposes. 25 Sets Best Chain and Farm Harness,
50 Sets Single Wagon and Buggy Harness, 25 Sets
Double Driving and Team Harness, Robes, Blank-
ets, Whips, Safe. Office Furniture, etc.
Sale positive. No reserve or limit whatever.
SULLIVAN A DOYLE. Livestock Auctioneers.
■ Office. 327 Sixth street.
O. -R. c*3 INF.
: ASTORIA ANffPORTLANa
$2.50 Second Class, $5 First Class.
j MEALS AND BERTHS INCLUDED.
' Etate of California Balls June 2, 12 and 29
i Columbia sails June 7, 17 and .7
From Spear-st. Wharf (Pier '_*) at 10 a. JC
COOCALL, PERKINS A CO, Genl. Supts.
P. F. CONNOR. General Agent.
■ 030 Market street.
PACIFIC COAST STEAMSHIP COMPACT
CUT RATES
- TO
VICTORIA, B. Cm and
PUGET SOUND.
•
.GPlx-st Class SB.OO
l 3-Plrst Class _-.13.00
Second. Class. SBOO
Beooud. Class dSOO
Meals and berth Included.
Ticket Office— 4 New Montgomery Street
GOODALL, PERKINrt & CO.,
General Agents.
PACIFIC COAST STEAMSHIP COMPAIT
PACIFIC COAST STEAMSHIP COMPAIT
STEAMER.. WILL SAIL FROM /teria
C 1 Broadway wharf, dan Eranclsco, as riwwF
follows: •-:•-■
• For Mary Island. Lorin*. Wran-ret. Juneau. &il«
llsnoo ana Sitka (Alaska), at, . a. m., June 3,
13, "._. -8. -fuiy _. 1.1, in. 28.
For Victoria and Vancouver (B. C), Port Town-
send, Seattle, Tacoma Everett, Anacortes and New
Whatcom (Belllnfham Bay, Wash.). 9 a. *•
Joaa -&':*. 13. 1«, 23. ■ '__. ana every flfct-
day thereafter, connecting at Vancouver wlttj
the C. P. R. R., at Tacoma with N. P. R. R,
at Seattle with G. N. Ry., at Port Townsend witb
Alaska steamers.
For Eureka, Areata and Fields Landing (Hum-
told; Bay) str. Pomona. 2 p. jc. June 2, 6. 10.
14 l*. '__. 20 8 < and every fourth day thereafter.
For Santa Crnz, Monterey, San Simeon, Cayucoj,
Fort Harford (San Luis Obispo), Gaviota, Santa
Barbara. Ventura. Hueneme. San Pedro. East San
Pedro (Los An.eles) ana Newport, at 9 a. _£ June
4. 8. 12, 10, 20, 24. "-» and every fourth day there-
after.
For San D! ego, stoppln? only at Port Harforl
For San Dlejro. stoppln? only at Port Harforl
(Ban Lnls Obispo), Santa Barbara Port Lo»
An.eles, Redondo (Los Angeles) and Newport. 11
a. m.. June 2. ri. 10' 14; 1 8, -l- 28, 30 and every
fourth day thereafter.
For Ensenada. San Jose del Cabo, Masatlan. I.»
Fas. Aitata and Guaymas (Mexico), str. Orizaba.
10 __ m., June 2, 27, ana 25th of each month there-
at : r. • '»" •"•."-::-:"*-'-<
. Ticket office, Palace Hotel, 4 New Montgomery
Ticaet ofQce, Palace notet, 4 New Montgomery
UOODALU PERKINS A CO., Gent Agent..
10 Market St. San Francisca
OCEANIC S.S. CO. 4% days™
HAWAII, SAMOA, «-. HONOLULU
NEW ZEALAND, H by
AUSTRALIA. \sfs.S. AUSTRALIA.
S. S. ALAMEDA sails via HONOLULU and
j AUCKLAND for SYDNEY, Thursday, June 25,
at 2 p. m.
Line to COOLGARDIE, Aust.,and CAPETOWN,
Line to COOLGARDIE, Aust.^ind CAPETOWN,
I South Africa. ** ■
fe. S. AUSTRALIA for HONOLULU only. Satur-
day July 11. at 10 a. m. Sneciai party rates.
J. D. SPRECKELS A BROS. CO.. Agt*
114 Montgomery st
Freight Office. 327 Market st.. San Francisco.
I COfIPAGME GENERAL TRASSATLAJITpB
French Lin*l* to Havre.
COMPANY'S PIER (NEW), 42 NORTH A***
River, foot of Morton st Travelers by sSaSK
this line avoid both transit ny English railway ana
j the discomfort of crossing the channel In a small
l boat. New York to Alexandria Egypt, via Pari*
i Urstrciass »1«0: second-class, *1 18.
LA TOURAINE, Capt. Santelll....May 23, 8 a. M,
LA NORMANDIE May 23, 8 a. IS
LA GASCOGNE Jnr.e2o, 7 a. k.
LA NUKMANIUK....^ -July 4, 6 a. J£.
LA GAi-COGNE Jnly 25, 11 A. it
LA NOR M A NDIK Aiieust 1, 5 a. ML
LA BOURGOONE. Cnpt. Leboeuf. .June 6, 7 A. B.
' «a- For further partiealars apply to
A. FORGE T. Agent,
Na 3 Bo.v jni; Green, New Yorfc
. J. F. FUGAZI A CO., Agents. 6 Montgomarf
avenue. San Franciaco.
»^K HAMBURG-AMERICAS LIAE
i '^jWgy^ij^^Mja-' TWIN-SCREW EXPRESS
' gj~^*!g;3'lg^»c-" Line from New York to
Plymouth (London), Cherbourg. Paris A liurabur;.
F. Bismarck.. June 25 1 Normannia July 9
Columbia. ....July 2 I A. Victoria. July 18
L Cab., 1*595 and upward: 11. Cab., if 50 and upward
' PLYMOUTH-LONDON. 4V3 h.. free of charge,
I by special train: CHERBOURG-PARIS, OVa h.
i For passage apply to HAMBURG-AMERICAN
LINE, 37 Broadway, N. V., or to KAHN A HER-
ZOG, Agents. 401 Californiast.. San Francisco.Cal.
! ROYAL BAIL STEA9JACRET COMPACT.
j CTEAMERS LEAVE ASPINWALL j&aL.
' v"1 fortnightly for the West Indies and '.kSSB-I
! Southampton, calling en ronte at * csrbourgh.
: France, and Plymouth to land passengers. -■
Through bills of lading. In connection with the
' Pacific Mall 8. 8. Co., is3ned for freight and treo*.
j ure to direct ports In England and Germany.
Through tickets from San Francisco to Plymouth.
■ Cherbourg, Southampton. First class, $195; third
class. *97 60. For further particulars apply to
" * *»*» PARROTT A CO., Agents,
■'■ yrY'XX'Y'Y' 306 Californiast.
STOCKTO STEAMERS
Leave Pier No. 3, Washingrton St-
Leave Pier No. 3, Washington 3t~
At 5 P. M, Daily.
Sunday at 7 F. ill.
gf Accommodations Reserved by Telephone.
SIJ-AMJiii-i:
T. C. Walker, * ' J. D. Peter*,
Mary tiarratt, City of Stockton.
Telephone Main 805. Cau Kav. and Impt. Co
(fALLEJO, MARE ISO, TOICIA, PORT
COSTA AND I'ROCKKTT.
STR. MOXTICKLLO,
Dally, except Saturday and Sunday— lo:3o a. »
and 4 F. it ; Saturday, 10:30 a. it. 8:30 T. Bt
__•'""" . Sunday—*, p. it
M. only. ■■■■■■
leading, Mission 1, Ploy «»
j Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DA-HAJi A BITTKJRS,' ikti
great , Mexican . Remedy; give* Health ***
' fclreii^tu to ih« Sexual organ*
1314
NAT GOODWIN DID
NOT CALL US JAY.
The Comedian Makes a
Speech Denying the
Impeachment.
HAS FELT LONELY HERE
He Tells His Woes to His Friends
at the Baldwin Profes
sional Matinee.
BUT "JAY" IS UNGENTLEMANLY
Even a Series of Dress Rehearsals
Could Not Goad Him to Insult
the Public.
Nat C. Goodwin gave a "professional
matinee" yesterday afternoon at the Bald
win Theater, where, surrounded by his
brother and sister actors, he took the op
portunity of denying in the most emphatic
manner that he had ever been guilty of
anything so "ungentlemanly, unprofes
sional and unkind" as to call San Fran
cisco a "jay town."
The "professional matinee" could not
have been convened for the purpose of giv
ing Mr. Goodwin an opportunity of mak
ing the amende honorable to this City, as
it was announced a week ago, and the in
terview in which the comedian was repre
sented as using the word "jay" only ap
peared in a local paper on Thursday morn
ing.
Mr. Goodwin was called on for a speech
at the end of the second act, and in the
exuberance of his feelings and talking to
so many members of the "profesh" he
began talking of his woes, and laying his
hand on his heart he assured his brethren
that the ungentlemanly word "jay" had
never escaped his lips.
Nearly every one who is any one in
local theatrical circles was there —
the stately Maxime Elliott to the willowy
Papinta. The men were more in evidence
than the women, as they strolled out be
tween the acts, and people who did not
know their features again recognized them
by their stage strides.
Daniel Frawley occupied an advan
tageous position before the entrance cur
tains, where no one could fail to behold
him. Kelcey hid his head in the darkest
recesses of a box, as modestly as if he had
been a debutante. Fred Butler of the
Grand sat between two ladies in the par
quet, looking as meek and mild as if he
had never known what it was to be a
villain, and the dashing Lizzie B. Ray
mond of the Orpheum made a record for
herself by removing her hat. Most of the
millinery present was non-committal.
• Never have Goodwin and his troupe, es
pecially the troupe, acted as they did yes
terday "afternoon in "A Gilded Fool." Their
jokeYwere lau.hed at; their points were
appreciated, and thunders of applause
spurred them on to fresh efforts. At the
end of the second act there was a call for a
speech, and Goodwin remarked, pleas
antly, that after what he had just passed
throuah he really could not find words to
express his delight at the laughter and ap
plause. "It is so kind of you to have come
this afternoon, because we have all felt so
lonely. Since coming here we have had
nothing but a succession of dress rehear
sals. Call again and see us.
"I don't wish to be understood as saying
anything against San Francisco. There is
a certain word which reporters are very
fond of using — word jay — I never said
it. To use such a word would be ungentle
manly, unprofessional and unkind to the
few people who have had the courage to
visit as. We want to keep their good
opinion,-and it is not right to insult the
public."
Having dismissed the subject of the
word "jay" Goodwin went on to congrau
late his former employe, Tim Frawley;
He also spoke affectionately of Kelcey,
Stock well and Beach, and concluded with:
"I do not believe in any little antagon
isms between them which is said to exist.
Shake hands, and may God bless you."
At the conclusion of toe performance
many of the professional visitors went be-
hind the scenes and partook of light re
freshments. Among those present were:
Herbert Kelcey, Miss Effie Shannon, Miss
Winona Shannon, John T. Sullivan, L. R.
Stcckweil, William Beach, N. Lon?, Miss Olive
Oliver, Mr. Harrison, Frank Wyman, Blanche
Bates, Maclyn Arbuckle, John Williams,
Thomas C. Leary, Mr. Vizard, Harry Lewellen,
Miss Little, Brigham Royce, T. Phillips, E.
Dan ton, Julian Connol, Mr. Bishop, J. T. Mc-
Donald, Lillian Elliot, William Heure, Madge
• nrr Cook, the Misses Jewett, Mr. Stewart,
Emmet Sheridan, Margaret Marshall,
Douglas Creighton, H. M. Bosworth, Gertrude
Elliott, Mr. Lorrence. C. Swain, Miss Williams,
Mr. Nobles, Leo Redmonds, William Brewer,
Miss Belle Emroett, Mr. Ratlae!, Beatrice Lieb,
J. S. Halsted, Helene Courtnev, Irene Cook,
W. W. Allen, . Carl Smith. G. E. Eldridge, R.
Cotton, Mr. Simmons, W. S. Duffield, Leslie
Morosco, A. Stockmeyer, Mrs. E. Stevens, Mrs.
Johnston, Edwin Keeley, Louise Royce,
Hope Ross, J. M. Ward, William Bur
niss, Little Mildred, Little Helena, J.
Landers Stevens, J. M. Woodthrope,
Louis Belmour, Maxime Elliott, Mr. Worth
ing, E. J. Holden, F. C. Thompson, Miss Leigh,
Theodore Kramer, T. D. Frawley, Harry Car
son Clarke, Sam Davis, Papinta, Mrs. ('. W.
Ryder, Henry Sedley, George Lask, Leonard
rover, Mr. Dyer. Clyde Hess, Leo Cooper, .F.
H. Castaway, Walter Goldie, Mr. Doane, H. O.
Hayes, R. C.White, Mr. Enos, Darrelt Vinton,
A. Hoffman, Mr. Wyngate, Will Gibson Jr.,
Eugene Moore, F. Butler.
HOW'S THIS FOR HIGH?
Specimen of Oats From the Cotati
Ranch That Is Over Eight
Feet in Height.
Oats 8 feet 4 inch tall. Just think of it!
This is something pretty high, even for
California. In fact, the owners of the
specimen think it good enough for presen
tation to the Academy of Sciences, and so
that is what they are going to do with it.
This extraordinary specimen is the prop-
erty of K. O. Gates" and H. R. Babb and
was" grown near the station of Cotati, mid
way Detween Santa Rosa and Petaluma,
on what is known as the Page ranch.
The ranch formerly consisted of 10.000
acres, but has lately been .undivided and
sold in sections.
The owners say that, though the speci
men they have just brougut down with
them is as pood as could be found in the
field, yet there is no place that a man could
stand therein and not be hidden from view.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
BALDWIN HOTEL.
ay J Calethope.Sn Mateo C H Braymond, Redding
J Ginsberg, Sacramento AY L rn-d.Portlnd
L Wood, Salt Lake S G Hend march, Term
<- J P. Aden* w, A'allejo Miss stahl. Vallejo
J Thorn pson.AVaisou vile H W Aides, N A'
ii AY t-rimkel, NY' ' G Schwavenholt. Mich
c AVannock, Salt Lake t; Kaempier, N V
J A Fenger, Petaluma J E Cate, Chicago
Dr E G Case, l.'kiab W G Thompson, Napa
H T Hiller. NY G DcLong, Denver
Mis C Del /on g, Denver T Burnea, Salt Lake
Miss Morrison, Chicago
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
F J Walker. Tracy .1 M. -Donald. San Fran
B GGoodwin.San Rafael B L Fisher. Alameda
G W silver. Bakersfleld PJ AVilson. Oakland
S Susav.lle, Oakland J shau_.hne.ssy, sacto
J Chiosorlc, Sacramento A Hackett, Alameda
J WRufgnecht, Aiameda J Dillon, New York
H T Smith, Nevada A cllntoii, Carson
M T Rogers, Montreal G C Thurlow. Chicago
O C Nelson, Great Falls G Ellsworth, Grafton
COSMOPOLITAN HOTEL.
M J Healy, Loomls W Simpson, Colo |
X Henderson, Sonora J Skene, North Dakota!
J S Copley, Portland 11 E Walker, Honolulu
M E Bowles, Honolulu X *".l Pinney, Mont
H E Pinney, Mont H R Lewis, Hilgard, Or
H F Yoxey, Hilgard, Or W A Dwight, Portland
Miss E Carr, Portland R Wiilard, Seattle
Miss Wiilard. Seattle II C Webster, Portland
P C Mills. Portland J E Brown, Portland
N M Sawyer, 8 Dakota Miss Sawyer, 8 Dakota
Mrs C Forsel. Wash C Fowl, Wash -
Mrs Miller, Vancouver R Parramore A wf. Or
J W Kimbraugb, Tex C W Smead, Portland .
Miss C Peck. Portland Miss L R Young, B G
Mrs Koencke, Salinas J Blglow, Alaska
M G Holmes. Mont Miss L Holmes, Mont
J Mori, Pacific Grove F W Dewey, Portland
W Whltlock, lowa F Hawkins, Portland
W Welburn, Portland E T Albert, Prescott
G Thiel A wf. Portland X S l.o^an, Terra Haute
Miss Logan, Terre Haute J A Petett, Portland
Miss Petett, Portland C P McGarry, Fresno
J H Kcw.San Diego M Walker, -^an Diego
J a Barnes, Oklahoma F D Coleman," Maine
* Coleman Jr, Maine Miss L Baker, Wis
Miss R Baker, Wis W E Orel way. Sacto
G Haphath, Sacto Miss <" McNeil, N* Dak
Mrs s Winn, N Dak Miss L Shay, Wash
C W Shay, Wash - :v '
LICK HOCSE.
Hon A Camlnetti, Cal It G Wallace, Cal
F G Shepherd, Mich <* E.bman. Los Ang
X W Sebben Ai, Colo G C Miller Aw, Ind
A B Cousin, Portland Miss Henion, Portland
Miss Maeger, Or C M Ryder, Cal
Mrs Mendenhall. Or W W Hurt, Cal
Q Hammond, Cal P. F Allen, Cal
Kl* Purser, susanville X Caspar, Vallejo
V Knauer. San Diego F Wear* w, Butte
C R Gardner, NY J H Eiwood A w, s Jose
C E Loucham, N V Mrs L E Werner, N lies
M na N Werner. N Mcx G C Freeman, Fresno
N C Hicks. S Cruz J P Thompson, Cal
Miss T C Porter, El wood G Whitney, Los Ang
A P Tucker, Vallejo T C Welty <& w. Ha
WII Weaver, Sonora G Myers Aw, Chicago
Miss E Myers, Chicago P E O'Brien Aw, Cal
Hon C Bingham, Utah Miss J Bingham, Utah
C C Heussev, Hanford E W Cunningham, Cal
Peter Arnold, Hanford Geo Bettis, Hanford
W J Barry, Chico Miss Barry, Chico
J B Fitzgerald, Areata .1 1- Yates &w, Cal
Mrs E Jackson, Or Hon J A Louttit A w, Cal
GRAND HOTEL.
E Moss, Cai S F li ughnorotigh, X V
D i hrlstal, Santa Cm. C M Cassen. Santa Cruz
O Hoerser. Watsonville B Burke, Santa Cruz
M Johnston, Cal J Hoyt, Birds Lauding
J W Ma.-cc, Chico H W Adams. Portland
P H Brown, Portland Mis. Cochrane, Or
Miss ■.Cochrane, Or 3 Gillett, Eureka
G T Dunlap. Gilrov D W Brown, Clements
W Garlic, (Jon-ale* C Lake A w, Reno
P Walker & w, Mich Miss N .Sacramento
R D Baker. Ambov Miss Millett, Stillwater
M rs W P Smith.Tacoma Miss 9 Young, T. coma
J M Brooks. Los Angeles J F Capp. Chico
A Scartield. Stockton H Douglass, Nev
J 11 Top ey, Valleio J 8 Mills, Stockton
J O McMillan, San Jose C Patterson, Sacramento
A C Huston, Woodland E Dinkelspiel, Sulsun
PALACE HOTEL.
A s Heurtey A w, Orgon G Lippman, Phlladephla
J A Carr. Indiana M s Porter, Stanford
J G Day Jr, Cascade L J W Hookbridge. sit Lke
C D Evans. Omaha S H Westfall, New York
W J ralbraith, Omaha A C Bilicke, Los Angeles
J J Clinton. Omaha W C Green, Chicago
Dr It Paulina. Portland D L Bliss Jr. Canon
E Williams, Nevada P Kervin. Virginia
F T Kellev, B Columbia Miss McFay. 8 Dakota
W B Brain, Los Angeles G E While, New York
A Parsons, Los Angeles Dr Hibbett, (Js.t
Mrs A Parsons, . s Angls T D Walden, Toronto
C J steedn-.an, Providce N Curtis, Denver
H P Connor. Newport
SAN FRANCISCO "CALL."
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco Caj_l/
-flO Market street, open until 12 o clock ever}
eight in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— S3O Montgomery street
corner Clay ; open until 9:30 o'clock.
339 Hayes street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
713 Larkin street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
SW. corner Sixteenth and Mission streets, Opel
en til 9 o'clock.
SUB Mission street, open nntU 9 o'clock-
116 Ninth street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
CHURCH NOTICES.
! R^S^FIRST PiTeSBYTERIAN CHURCIT
i HP-** cor. A* an Ness aye. and Sacramento St.— Rev.
Robert Mackenzie, D.D., pastor: Rev. Edwin Hart
Jenks. co-pastor. Rev. Mr. Jenks will preach at
11 a. M. Sunday-school at 12:45 P. M. Young
People's Society of Christian Endeavor at 6:15
p. m Prayer-meeting AVednesday evening at 8.
Sunday evening there will be a praise service in
j place of the regular service. Programme: Organ
i prelude. --Allegretto Pastorale" (t-tmbrnl); an-
' them. "The Lord Is King" (Marstcn): solo, Dr.
, Gilbert Graham, offertory; oritan solo, "A Sab-
! bath Reverie" (Thayer): solo, Mrs. Sedgeley-Key-
I nolds; anthem, "O Thou Eternal" (Ludden); or-
gan postlude, -Hallelujah" chorus, (Handel).
otts Fleissner organist and musical director. All
are invited to these services.
ftY^ HOWABD-ST. M. E. CHURCH, BE-
SfSS' tween Second and Third streets, two
blocks from Palace Hotel— Rev. W. AY. Case. D.D..
pastor: Martin Schultz, musical director: W. F.
Gibson, Sunday-school superintendent. Hours of
public services 11 a m. anil 7:45 p. m. Sunday-
school at 12:30. Prayer-meeting Wednesday even-
ing. Epworth League 6:45 Sunday evening.
Morning subject: -'Tracks in the Snow: or. Loot
and Live." Evening subject : "Echoes From Uncle
Tom's Cabin; or. The Gates AVide Open." Pre-
lude: "Bewar'. of the Dog! or.The Sparring Match
and the ("vie Federation." Telephone black 961. j
KYS* CENTRAL METHODIST EPISCOPAL
a£ty Church, Mission St., bet. Sixth and Sev-
enth — Rev. E. R. Dille, D.D , pastor: J. J.
Morris, musical director; H. M. Bosworth, organ-
ist; R. V. Watt, Sunaay-school superintendent.
The pastor. Dr. Dille, will preach morning an '. \
evening. Morning subject, "Hindrance to . tb»
Gospel in Pulpit and Pew"; evening, "Marauatha,
the Lord Cometh." The attendance of every
member of the church is desired at the morning
service as an important announc.ment Is to be
made. Sunday-school at 1 P m. Young People's !
meeting at 6:30 p. »f. Midweek prayer-meeting
AVednesday evening.
tt^S> GRACE METHODIST EPISCOPAL
__r-*»^ Church, cor. Twenty-first and Capp sts.—
Rev. M. F. Colburn, pastor. Services at 11 A. M.
Subject, "Life and deatn under the hand of God":
at 10 a. m.. Boys' Brigade Bible class, led by
AY. I). Kingsbury: at 2:30 p. _* Sunday-school:
class-meeting at 6:30 p. M.. led by Rev. James
Renwick. Everybody invited. Praise service at
7:30 P. M., led by Brother Robert Husband. Ser-
mon at 7:45 P. m. by the pastor: subject, "AA'hy
AYe Believe in the Bible." Special music; every-
body invited: seats free. ""■--—- ■'*-'- -:-
NOTICE OF MEETINGS.
MISSION LODGE NO. 169Tf. jT~
B-^ and A. M called meeting 1 HlS^^^
(SATURDAY) EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. "JfV
3d degree. By order of the AY. M. cV>
C. D. BUNKER. Secretary.
*KS> ORIENTALENCAMPMENTNO.*v A
&V& 57, O. O. F— Officers and mera.->Y"
bers are hereby notified of the death of As.
Patriarch Henry C. Manslr, and requested *f X
Unassemble In Encampment Hall SUNDAY, June
21 at 1 p. x., to attend the funeral.
N. E. FLINT. C. P.
W. 8. PotteS, Scnbe. |
Ws&* EXCELSIOR DEGREE <*>&4U&>>,
ar-jy Lodge No. 2,1.0.0. F. — Regu- •gtf*_^&
lar meeting THIS EVENING. Second "^"S&'-SS?
degree will be conferred. *^*v7IVV^
A. K. KINGSFORD, D. M.
*X&* I. O. O. F. — ANNUAL MEMO- ..^^m_tm~
Br~£? rial exercises will be held in g ***J3_d_r
Memorial Hall, I. O. O. F. building. •feT'QWsSr
SUNDAY* AFTERNOON, June 21, *^"W
1896, at 2 o'clock sharp. All veteran Odd Fellows
are respectfully requested to attend.
AY. S. DRY DEN, President.
Robert Burns. Marshal.
ffc^S*** KNIGHTS OF THE RED ~Z
— -~& Branch— Attention. A special meet- _f _\
lng of this society will be held on SATU^-iTS^A
DAY EVENING, June 20, at the hall.^M**^ |
Mason and O'Farrell streets, to commemorate the
anniversary of the birth of THEOBALD WOLFE
TONE. THE PRESIDENT.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
■^^^^TO^^lTpU^LltY
B-JC' Notice is hereby given that MR. W. J. MA-
EKe? Notice is hereby given that MR W. J. MA-
LONE Is no longer in our employ, and that we
will not be responsible for any business transacted
or money collected in our name. NEUHAUS A
CO., Merchant Tailors, 115 Kearny SL, S. F.
f^S3 DRS. HOL -MAN AND LINQUIST— RE-
Br~& moved to 1370 Market ; poortreated free.
■rjp" BAD TENANTS EJECTED FOR 9*;
— '■*& collections made, city or country. Pacific
Collection Co., 415 Montgy at., room 6. Tel. " 6580.
*B^"**S**- COFFj_uY"S COLLECTION C<"*Y 235
Eb^-*" Kearny St.. ejects bad tenants for $10: all
costs naid. 'Telephone Red 364. -
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
B^-S^DIA'TdEjTd noticeY^aSTfrancisco
wrJ& Savings Union, 632 California St., corner
AVebb. ■ For the half year ending with the 30th of
June, 1896. a dividend has been declared at the
rate per annum of fonr and thirty-two one hun-
dredths (4 32-100) percent on termodeposiis and
three and slxfy one-hundreoths (3 60-100) ier
cent on ordinary deposits, free of taxes, payable on
and after AVednesdav, the Ist of July, 1896.
LOVELL WHITE, cashier.
■rYs-*" DI V I D EN D N OTICE— DIVIDEND NO.
»-£*' 32 (25 cents "per share) of the Hutchinson
Sugar Plantation Company will be payable at the
oilice of the company, 327 Market St., on and
after t SATURDAY', June 20, 1896. Transfer-
books will close Saturday, June 13, 1896. at 12
o'clock m. E. H. SHELDON, Secretary.
SITUATIONS WANTED-FEMALE.
HOUS PE R-WANTEIYcpTISIT^foN AS
working housekeeper by young woman; good
cook and seamstress and not afraid to work: able
to take care of any private institution or widower's
family; experienced with children; speaks Ger-
man and French; also a good musician; city or
country; must be allowed to take her 4-year-old
boy. Call or address MRS. H. A., 1723 Haight st.,
cor. Shrader. : ,
CI 6M P J TENT YOUNG CREOLE WIDOW
J with child wishes housekeeper's position, cham-
berwork or sewing; city or country. Call or ad-
dress 917 Market St., room 19.
ELIABLE, MIDDLE-AGED WOMAN
wishes a place In a small family. Address
MRS. AVELIs, .Montgomery Hotel, Second st.,
near Folsom.
"yoUNG LADY' WISHES , A SITUATION AS
J. housekeeper In hotel or lodging-house. 203
Powell st., room 5.
IRL AVISUES SITUATION AS GENERAL
housework; is good cook. Call at 2417 Clay st.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JUNE 20, 1896.
SITUATIONS WANTED-Continued. :
Q II CATION WANTED TO DO CHAMBER
O work by reliable young woman. Address 208
Second st. . ;'■"■**- l-.;-:. ■ ', - . ■
EXPERIENCED. RELIABLE CHAMBER-
j maid wishes place at springs or summer hotel.
Address 812 Filbert st. ■:
* MKRICAN LADY 7 WOULD LIKE POSITION
J\- as working housekeeper; city or country.
Call or address 50*/3 Third st. or E. W. M., box 86,
ail office. -
ITUATION WANTED BY YOUNG SWISS
woman in small family; good cook. Call or
address Humboldt House, 1309 Stockton st.
«, V* SWEDISH GIKL TO DO GENERAL
' housework in small American family. Call or
address 29 Lafayette St., care of C. Anderson,
pastor Swedish Methodist Church.
HY AN ELDERLY WOMAN, PLACE TO DO
chamberwork for room and board. Address
142 Eighth st.
"Fashionable dressmaker wishes
V engagements at $1 a day. Call or address 3561
Twentieth st. '
*V OUNG GIRL WOULD LIKE SITUATION AT
XT OUNO< " IRLWOULD LIKE SITUATION AT
A light housework, or mind children. Address
E., box 147. Call Office.
ELIABLE Wl IMAN WANTS A PLACE TO
ELIABLE WOMAN WANTS A PLAOE TO
cook In restaurant or work by the day. Ad-
dress M.. 1643 Polk st.
O ESPECTABLE MIDDLE- AGED LADY
JLt wishes a position doing general housework;
wages $12 to $15: give reference. Apply to 616
Minna St., near Seventh.
ITUATION WANTED BY' YOUNG GIRL
Ttuation Wanted by* young glrl
for light housework: wages $t> to $8. Apply
2712 Bush st. for two days.
"VTEAT AMERICAN WOMAN WANISHOUSE-
XI work and care of children. Call or address
MRS. E., 1231 Market St.
WOMAN WANTS ANY KIND SEWING AND
ii mending: also clothes cleaned and pressed.
114 Fourth st., room 15.
"ANTED— NEAT GIRL, 17 YEARS OLD,
who has never lived out, desires place as nurse-
girl in refined family. Call or address 1905 La-
fayette 81., Alameda. -
yOUNG WOMAN WANTS WORK BY' THE
J- day washing or housecleaning. Address 534
Second st.
\\' ANTED— BY RELIABLE WIDOW, POSI-
ii tion as working housekeeper; wages $20 a
month. Address M. A. W., box 8-. Cal office.
YOUNG GIRL WISHES HOUSEWORK IN
1 small family; good home; wages $10. Call
534 Second st.
XkT ANTED— AN EXPfc. RIENCED YOUNG
»* girl a position In con. c ctiouery store and a-
tend soda ion tain. Call at 312 Noe st.
A ■'OUNG LADY WANTS POSITION AS
JL traveling panlon. Call 706 Ellis st.: ring 2
bells.
V A RELIABLE GERMAN WOMAN IN" EX-
BY' A RELIABLE GERMAN WOMAN IN XX-
change for unfurnished room and board, to do
sewing or care of invalid, or any kind of light
work during morning and part of afternoon: ar-
rangement can he mule as lady desires. MRS.
E. D., box 161, this office.
TIT A NTED HY NEAT yTiCNo WOMAN. W\T-
\\7ANTED BYNEATYOONG WOMAN, SIT-
" uation in family of two or three to do house-
work: is an excellent plain cook: can bake very
good bread if 'required: moderate wages. Call at
1021 Suiter St., atter 8:30 a. m.
TENOGKAPHER.TYPEWRITEK AND GEN-
(5 1I N OGRAPHEB I V PEW KITE RAND QI . N :
O era' office clerk desires a position; witling to
accept moderate sa'ary : highest references given.
Address S. T., Postoffice box 2091.
Reliable" YOUNG WOMAN WOULD like
to go East as nurse for invalid, companion or
care of children for fare; best references. Address j
A. 11., box 608, Berkeley.
\\r AATED^TPOSITION AS CoMPANIi N BY
ii refined young girl: capab'e and willing. Ad-
dress box 36, Mercury Office, San Jose, »'ai.
OUSEW~ORK-B V THE DAY ; FRENCH
laundress; do little cooking; speaks some
English; French family preferred. 310 a Clemen-
tina st.
\\T INCHES 1 ER HOUSE. 44 THIRD ST., NR
»i Market: 200 rooms: 25c to $1 50 per night:
$1 50 to $6 per week; convenient and respectable;
free bus ana baggage to and from the terry.
SITUATIONS WANTED-MALE.
erYs otYYchin^eYani-Tapanes k
employment office, 17 Webb st., below Kear-
ny, bet. California and Sacramento, tel. 231.
HINESE AND JAPANESE RELIABLE
help; iel. Main 1997. BRADLEY ACO., 640 Clay.
I~> C. «... fOOK'S SOO. SUPPLIES COOKS. ALL
. .branches -.short notice. i4(ear-.-. tei.i'rant H.
W. JIM. CHINESE-JAPANESE EMPLOY-
. ment office, 637 Commercial: tel. black 1261.
JAPANESE AND CHINESE EMPLOYMENT
office; best help. 3148 Sutter: -el Oram 30.
/CHINESE AND JAPANESE EMPLOYMENT
\J office: best help. 414i-2 O'Farrell; tel. E. 426.
riOACMMAN OR STABLEMAN: THOR-
yJ oughly understands his business also garden
and cows: willing and obliging; firs*. -class refer-
ences. Address Ed, 2268 Buena Vista aye., Ala-
meda, Cal.
LNEKGETIC YOUNG MAN WOULD LIKE
-F- office or other work In the evenings in ex-
change for room in resnectable family. Address
E. Y., box 107, Call Office. ,
VOL'SG MAN SEE KS IMMEDIATE EM-
A*" OUNG MAN SEEKS IMMEDIATE EM-
i- ployment at anything connected with ship-
ping;- recently arrived from England. Apply to
-DANIEL DEFOE," box 101, call office.
yOUNG SCANDINAVIAN WISHES SITUA-
V'OUNG 9CANDINA VIAN W isiIEs'~sTTUA-
J. tion In private place: good driver; milk and do
gardemne: best of references. Address C. C, box
115, Call Office.
U' ELL-TRAINED BOY OF 15 FROM NORTH-
ii crn part of Germany wants situation In gro-
cery-store. Apply 2811 Sixteenth st-, nr. sum.
U' ANTED-— "pyisFlTON AS MECIIA N X AI,
\\r ANTED — POSITION AS MECHANICAL
ii engineer; understands dynamos; 20 years ex-
perience: can give first-class city reference as to
character and ability. W. W. FELTER. 566 How-
ard St. "."i""*'-?'*:
WANTED— BY MAN AND WIFE, SITUA-
ii tion in hotel, man as barkeeper, wife in kitch-
en or as chambermaid. 113 Morris aye., oil Bry-
ant st., near Sixth.
ER MA N WIS lIES SITUATION IN A PRI-
GERMAN WIsHFS SIT CATION IN A PRI-
vate family : good gardener, coachman; under-
stands handling stock; good milker; references.
Address Industrious, box 27, Call office.
\A ANTED-SITUATION AS MACHINIST. F.
" ROBERTSON, 952 Mission st.
WANT SITUATION: CAN RUN AN JfiN-
JLj give or repair all kinds of machinery, stoves
and bicycles; thorough mechanic. Call or address
rooms 11 and 12. 930% Mission st.
i. ARTENDER, YOUNG MAN, EXPERI-
e nced, ' enced, wants situation. Address Y. V., box
90. Call office. •
■tjTOUNf r~Bo\*. 19 YEARS OLD, WANTS A
X place In a wholesale house to make himself
generally useful. Call or address 2422 Greenwich.
AN AND WIFE WANT SITUATION: MAN
good cook; wife good housekeeper. Call or
address Humboldt House. 1309 Stockton st.
MAN AND WIFE; EASTERN PEOPLE:
man understands general work on private
place, hordes, cattle, poultry; wife competent
cook, housekeeper or second work: reierences.
Address T. 8.. box 63, Call Office.
yOUNG MAN WISHES A PLACE TO WORK
JL on a ranch, or for private family, in the city or
country. Address Ranch, box 33, Call.
IDDLE-A ED GERMAN WISHES POSI-
tion as stableman: Is willing to do anything.
Call or address 120 Valley St., bet. Tweniy-eighth
and Twenty-ninth.
RACTICAL HOUSE-PAINTER, GRAINER
and paperhanger with tools wants work by the
day orcontract: will work very reasonable: city or
country. Address Painter, 23 Pleasant st.
MIDDLE-AGED AMERICAN WANTS CAR
of horses, cow and garden on private place;
understands poultry and use of tools; references.
Address Willing, Call Office, Oakland.
pESPECTABLE BOY, AGED 14. WANTS
JA employment during school vacation. Please
address J ESSE REIMERS, 327 Twenty-eighth st.
WINCHESTER H USE,- 44 THIRD, NEAR
™ Market— Electric lights In every room; 200
rooms: 25c to $1 50 per night: $1 50 to $8 per
week; free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
"YOUNG NAN, 18, STEADY HABITS, NO
J- vices, wants employment; occupation more
the object than wages. Address C. D. E., box 8,
Call Office -
THIRST -CLASS HELP FURNISHED ON
JV short notice. Columbia, 128 Fourth st.
"PROFESSIONAL ACCOUNTANT OFFERS
PROFESSIONAL ACCOUNTaYs* T OFFERS
A his services in the experting of books, opening
and closing of partnership accounts, writing up
books and general expert work. Addreaa P. C.,
box 137, Call Office.
\\l INCHESTER HOUSE, 44 THIRD, NEAR
»» Market— Electric lights In every room; 200
rooms; 25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to $6 per
week: tree husan-l haegagetoand from the ferry.
FEMALE HELP WANT__I_.
pLAirTI-AUNDRESSr^SoT^^E IRONER
A hotel. $:0; and girls for housework. R. T.
WARD A CO., 610 Clay St.
Y%7* A I it E S.S AND ASSIST CHAMBERWORK
*» in small resort near city, $18: waitress for
country ho el, $25: chambermaid, $20; waitresses,
$15 and $20: 25 girls and women for ranches and
private families. MURRAY A READY, 634
Clay st.
■VfEAT GIRL FOR HOUSEWORK AND COO X-
ii lng, small family, San Mateo County, $20.
MURRAY A READY, 634 Clay st-
Vi,*" ANTED— I RON ER IN LAUNDRY': GER-
»» man cook, Santa BarbAra, $25: cook, small
hotel, $25; restaurant waitress. $25; 2 Protestant
and German chambermaids. $20; German or Scan-
dinavian girl for cooking and housework in Eu-
reka, f-j; Truckee. $20: laundress and second
girl, $25 ; and girls fir cooking and housework in
city and country. J. F. CROSETT A CO., 312
Sutter st. " ■ •< ■
O WAITRESSES FOR MOUNTAIN RESORT,
FOR MOUNTAIN RESORT,
£i $20: young girl for plain washing and ironing,
country hotel, $20; Scandinavian laundress, coun-
try hotel, $20; cook, country ho.el, $25; number
of girls for housework, city and country. C. R.
HANSEN »t CO., 110 Geary st, ;..;
I~>ROTESTANT WOMAN OF MUCH EXPERI-
X ence, thoroughly competent to take entire
charge of infant or children, wants a position in
tit vor country. For particulars apply to MISS
PLUNKETT, 424 Sutter St.
\\* ANTEb-A LADY'S MAID TO TRAVEL,
'* $25; a young, s.rong girl to do kitchen work,
$20: 25 housework plrls, $25 and $20, Apply
MISS PLUNKETT, 424 Sutter st.
BUTTON-HOLERS oN CUSTOM SHIRTS IN
, neighborhood of 1346 Folsom.
HELP WANTED— Continued.
C A SHG I R"l^ PROTESTANT GIRL FOR
housework. Employment Office, 128 Fourth.
GIRLS FOR GENERAL HOUSEWORK. $10,
$26. German Employment Office, 306 Mason.
lADY*CASHIER WANTED; MUST BE TALL
J and of good address; brunette preferred; sal-
ary not less than $10 a week; holder* of U. S. In-
dustrial Agency certificates' are eligible. Room
165, Ciocker building. ' " ' " '
P E RFECT -ITTING AND STYLISH DRESB-
PERFECT FITTING AND STYLISH DKESS-
-l making taught, $5 per month; pupils can work
for themselves, friends or customers: waist, jack-
et, sleeve and skirt patterns cut to order, 25c up.
McDOWELL Academy, 213 Powell su
W' -tNTED-EXPERIENCEirSTARCH WORK
ii ironer. Apply S. F. laundry, 1619 Eddy St.,
at 9 a. ii. to-day.
"VTEaT YOUNG GIRL FOR GENERAL HOUSE-
-t-A work. 112 Lyon st. ;
/ ' IRL FOR LIGHT HOUSEWORK. APPLY
a J 2926 Folsom st.. near Twenty-sixth.
APPRENTICES -FREE LESSONS , EVERY
Tues. in dresscutting. 14 McAllister, room 67.
it ULL COURSE OF SHORTHAND IN Ex-
change for house painting. F. C, box 32, Call.
DRESSCUTTING AND FITTING TAUGHT
thoroughly in three hours or less at MRS. R.
L. JONES' dressmaking school, 506 Felt st. .
HAIR-DKESSING: MANICURING LESSONS.
MISS DOYLE. 119 a Powell St. a.id.105 Ninth.
PENSION'S— J. H. SHEPARD A CO., OLD. RE-
J- liable attorneys, 1068 East 16th St., Oakland.
AIRDRESSING, 25c AND" 35c: MORNING
and eve classes; 10 lessons. 9l 50. 1248 Mission.
pOAT-FINISHEBS WANTED. 541 MARKET
\J street.
MOST CONVENIENT AND RESPECTABLE;
Winchester House, 44 Third St., near Market;
200 rooms: 25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to $6
per week; tree 'bus and hagsta-e to and from ferry.
MALE HELP .VAN TED.
ANTEI^FoItEMAN FOB MINE; GOOD
s'eady job: $80 per month. Apply to A\'. D
EAA'ER A CO., 626 Clay st.
WANTED— NEAT WAITER FOR RESORT
ii near city, $25. W. D. EWER A CO. , 626 Clay-
W ANTED— a FARMERS FOR NICE RANCH
ii near city, $25. w. D. ewer A CO.. 626 Clay.
? A NTE D— TAVO HA RVEST-HAN DS, NICE:
»» place, $1 25 to $1 50 per day and board; two
mouths' work or more. W. D. EWER A CO., 626
Clay
A*/ ANTED— 2O MEN TO PEEL BARK, CHOP
ii wood and drive team, $'.-»"> per month and
board, long job. AY. D. EWE I; A CO., 626 Clay st.
11 r ANTED— 0 F ARM ERSB FOR HAYING.
ii near city, $20 and $25 per month. AY. D.
EAA^ER A CO.. 626 Clay SU
"WANTED— SWAMPER AND JACKSCREW-
II for logging camp, long job, $35 and found,
free tare; also an all-round woodsman, $35 and
free fare. W. D. EWER A CO., 626 Clay st.
AN AND WIFE, $1", TO COOK FOR 7 MEN
for thrashing out lit : 20 farmers for orchards,
vineyards and ranches, $21) to $26; 3 teamsters
for farms, $26; 3 r.inchboys, $12 and $15 : 3 milk-
ers, $16 and $25; cheesemaker, $30: 2 Gutter-
makers $25. MURRAY A READY, Leading
Employment Agents, 634 and 636 Clay st.
= MORE LABORERS TO BUILD ROADS IN
*J woods, to go to-day, $26 and found, steady job,
for a lar.{e company: 20 tiemakers, 8c and 10c
each: 15 laborers. city work, $160 a day; 15
woodchoppers, SI day and board; charcoal-
burner. lOcsack; stickerhand, $'_ 50 day. MUR-
RAY' & READY, Leading Employment Agents,
634 aud 636 Clay st.
•"•UL.RMKK A.ND WIFE, $40: FARMER AND
F wife, $.'5. lor an orchard: carpenter. $2 50 day.
MURRAY' A READY', Leading Employment
Agents, 634 and 636 Clay St.
AUSAGE-M A KER~ FOR COUNTRY' SHOP,
$50 and found; youne man for a city butcher-
shop and drive wagon, $20 and found. MURRAY"
A READY, Leading Employment Agents, 634
and 636 Clay st.
pAsTRY-COOK. $~ib~, COUNTRY HOTKL:
A shop baker, near city, see boss here, $30: 6
cooks, $25, $30, $40, $50 and $60; .0 waiters,
spring resorts, hotels, restaurants, $25, $30 and
$.-15; cook, private family . $20. MURRAY A
READY', Leading Employment Agents, 634 and
636 Clay St. " .' >
'->n__ EN AND BOYS CAN OBTAIN WORK
D\J\t to-day at MURRAY & READY'S Leading
Employment Agency, 634 and 636 Clay sU, from
$15 to $90 per month and found.
ANTED — UNDERGROUND FOREMAN
»i. for mine. $3 day; wine-cellar man. $1 day
and board: 2 farmers ana wives, S3O and $45 and
round; young American clerk, $20 and found; of-
fice-boy, $7 50 to $10 and found; choreman for
ranch, $20 ana found; man to milk and herd a
few cows, $12: man for bathhous.. $10: milkers,
farmers aud others. Apply 10 J. F. CROSETT A
CO., 688 Sacramento St.
O GO TO-DAY— IO MEN TO PEEL BARK. NO
experience needed, $125 a cord; 6 woodsmen,
$30, fare $2 50; dairyman for Nevada, $30: 4
miners, machine drill. $3 a day: farmhands. $20
and $26. K. T. WARD A CO.. 608 and 610 Clay sU
W ANTED — SECOND COOK FOR FIRST-
ii class hotel, must speak French, $75; waiter,
country, $30; boy to care for horses, etc., $10 and
found; elderly man to feed chickens, etc., good
home, at LEON ANDRE'S, 315 Stockton st.
•Air ANTED- GERMAN BOY FOR GROCERY-
ii store: $9 a month and found. Apply MI.iS
PLUN KETT. 424 Sutter st.
QECON D COO K," $35: SECOND COOK. $30:
O laundrvnian. springs. $25; French waiter, $35.
HOTEL GaZE 1 TE, 420 Kearny su ■
1 - L\B >R E itS FOR RAILROAD WORK,
J. •) $1 75 a day, free fare: 10 laborers, city, $1 a
day and board: 10 farmers, near city, $20, $25
and $26 and board; milker, country, $30; butter-
maker and milker, $25: sroadmakers. *20; chore-
men, stable-men and others. C. R HANSEN A
CO., 110 Geary -t.
(' FIRST-CLASS PERMANENT WAITr.RS
U with dress suits for country hotel. $35; 2 neat
club waiters, $40; waiter for summer resort.
$30: waiter for springs. $25: man to run Sinclair
bosom ironer, $50: washer and Ironer. country
laundry, $35 and $30. C. R. HANSEN A CO., 110
Geary si.
I' MORE QUARTZ MINERS, $2 50 A DAY: 3
O'Scandlnavlan quartz miners, $2 50 to $2 75 a
day. C. K. HANSEN A CO.. 110 Geary st.
pARBERS, ATTENTION! ALL WHO AVISH
l-> 10 enter the shaving contest at the picnic of
the Barbers' Association on June 28 ssnd their en-
tries until Junefc27 to P. C. UAMAN, 239 Vi
O'Farrell st.
/- i M A N-"s"pEi\KlNt} BOY' TO MAKE lilM-
AX self useful in wine business: can learn a trade.
Apply HOLIUM BROS., 209 Market st.
WANTED— A CLOTHING SALESMAN. AP-
ii ply 523 MarKet St., room 7, bet. 3 and 6 p. m.
"IV" ANTED— FIRsT-CLASs BARBERS: MALE
•i and female; 60c on the*l; steady work. 207
Fourth st. :
fl OOD BARBER FOR SATURDAY. 43"V_
AJT Third st.
ARBER WANTED FOR SATURDAY. 1211
X arket st.
IyARBER. 609V_ HOWARD ST., NEAR SEC-
J-> ond.
11ARBER FOR SATURDAY AFTERNOON
I) and evening. 1659ya Mission sU
BA RB BR WANTED FOR SATURDAY EVEN-
ing and Sunday. 105 Fourth st.
TTARBER FOR SATURDAY. 1630 MISSION
• > street ; -.;,-;. -;.-.-■
OOD BUSH ELM AN WANTED AT
RAPHAEL'S, 9 Kearny st.
BOY FOR "" STATIONERY -STORE. CALL
after 10 o'clock, 713 Larkin st. _^
U'AN'T'i.D— SI i-.ADY MAN TO ASSIST IN
'» store and make himself useful in cash busi-
ness; salary $75 per month; musthave -150 cash.
See STRAND A BAILEY, 917 Market su
ARTNER AVITH 950; WELL-PAYING
business- Inquire saloon, 130 Fourth st.
TRY' ACME HOUSE, 9,7 MARKET ST., BE-
low Sixth, for a room; 25c a night: $1 a week.
.' AN TED — INTELLIGENT' GENTLEMEN
ii and ladies In every town to work at home;
neat, steady employment; we pay salary: enclose
stamp, standard Manufacturing Company, 142
West Twenty-third BU, New York.
TENOGRAPHER WHO Is ALSO A TELE-
graph operator. C. S., box 12, Call Office.
AN WITH 9160 WANTS TO BUY INTBB-
est In pnylng business, groceries, etc., across
bay preferred ; no agents. DELAIN'S, 2106 Mar-
ket St.
"I •"ODGINGS, 5c TO 15c PER"NIGHT: CLEAN.
JJ Continental House, 521 Pacili , below Kearny.
SEAMEN FOR EUROPE:, ALASKA. PUGET
Sound. 10 Steuart St., upstairs.
Ct A N VASS TO SELL CLOTH FOR MEN'S
\J wear: must have $10 to $20 cash. Room 304,
Spreckels building.
A STHMA CURE GUARANTEED; DR. GOR-
. V din's Chocolate Emulsion. 221 Davis, nr. Clay.
tvtew waldo house, 765 MISSION, pet.
-IA 3d and 4th— Single furnished rooms, night 15c to
60c; week $1 to $2 50; reading-room; strictest atten-
tionto morning calls; clean; quiet; open all niuhu
/ tLERKS' AND LABORERS' CLAIMS B'GHT;
A-1 acts adjusted. RATTO'S, 612 My, tel. m. 353.
EST IN CITY— SING < E ROOMS, 15, 20 AND
25 cents per night. $1. $1 25, $1 60 per week.
Pacific House, Commercial and Leidesdorff sts.
ROOMS TO 75c PER NIGHT: 60c TO $1 50
per week. Oriental, 225 Drumm sU
W' ANTED_i-ABORERS AND MECHANICS
to know that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprie-
tor, -till runs Denver House, 217 Third su; 160
large rooms; 25c per nigh $1 to $3 per week.
Ty ANTED- AN IDEA : WHO CAN THINK OF
*» some simple thing to patent? Protect your
'fleas; they may bring you wealth. Write JOHN
WEDDERBURN A •0., Dept. L, Patent Attor-
neys, Washington, D. C, for their $1800 prize offer
and lis: of 200 inventions wanted.
MEN'S HALF-SOLING. LADIES, 40c.:
done while you waiu 638 Market, opp. Palace
Hotel; branch 767 M arket.opp.AVUl A Finck's, S.F.
CALF SHOES MADE TO ORDER FOR $2 50;
half-solelng 25c up. 969 Howard St.. nr. Sixth.
Vl r y. ARE SHOE DOCTORS; WE REPAIR
1 1 your old shoes and make them as good as new,
and with our new machines we can do your work
at one- half the usual price; done whllo you wail.
662 Mission su, between First and Second sts.
» . 1-S'lO FEED .MANHATTAN STOCK FOOD;
ill all grocers keep iv .
WANTED- MEN TO LEARN BARBER
ii trade; only 8 weeks required: tools given and
catalogue sent. S. F. Barber School, 1015 Howard.
HELP WANTED-Contlnued.
arbersYTfofTem plo y JiE^r'c^rLirsEcv
retary Barbers' Asso., 102 Seventh. H.Bernard.
ARBERS' PROTECTIVE UNION EMPLOY-
ment secretary, CONRAD TROELL, 657 Clay.
ARBERS' ASSOCIATION OF CAU EMPLOY'-
menu Secy, P. C. Hamann, 2.' 9 Va O'Farrell.
ARBER-SHOP. 2 CHAIRS.CHEAP RENT;
one chair steady on Saturday; receipts $20 to
$22 weekly: laundry pays half rent: established 3
years: owner going to Lassen County. Apply this
office or address 8., box 15 Call Office.
ARBERS — BEST-PAYING ,3-CHAIK 15c
shop, laundry office and cigar-stand for sale.
Apply or address ASA BERDRoAV, San Jose.
ANTED— FOR THE UNITED STATES
Marine Corps, U. S. navy, able-bodied, un-
married men between the ages of 21 and 30 years:
not leas than 6 feel 6 inches in height; <of good
character and temperate habits; able to read,
write and speak English properly; only citizens of
the United States or persons who have legally de-
clared their intentions to become citizens will be
accepted; this Important branch of the naval
service offers special inducements: elvlng op-
portunities to visit all parts of the world on board
our new cruisers. For further information apply at
the Recruiting Office, 20 Ellis at., San Francisco,
Cal. _^
EST PLACE IN THE CITY FOR SECOND-
band shoes, 749 Mission st.. opp. Grand Opera-
house; new calf shoes, pointed toe, our make, $2 50
and $3: ladles', gents' and children's mi_lit and
cast-off shoes bought or exchanged.
L*LCliO HOUSE, 863% MARKET ST.—
X_l Rooms 20c, 25c. to 60c. night; $1 to 9?. week.
HAT CHEER HOUSE, 529 SACRAMENTO
" St.; 200 rooms; best in the cltv- ring_s rooms
20 and 26c a night. ffl a week: meals 10c
INCHESTER HOUSE 44 THIRD ST., NEAR
Market; 200 rooms, 25 cents a night; reading-
room : free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
WANTED.TO COLLECT WAGES DUE LABOR
»» ersAclerks. KNOX Collection Agcy, 110 Sutter
I INDELL HOUSE. SIXTH AND HOWARD
I - sts.; single furnished rms 75c week, 16c night.
\l\[\ ME_i TU TAKE LODGING AT 10c, 15c
J. ' i\r and 20c a nighu Including coffeu and roll*.
624 AVashlngton sU, near Kearny.
ANTED— SINGLE ROOMS, 15c A DAY; $1
r-eek; rooms for two, 25c a day, $1 60 a week;
readlne-room: daily papers." 36 Clay sU
EN'S SECOND-HAND SHOES, SOME
nearly new, 25c to $1 25. 662 Mission.
}j*"REE BEER-TAVu SCHOONERS FOR 6c;
F also a h t ' »cf'a~r. 6c. », ; 63 t'lav su
AGENTS WANTED.
ANTED— LADY" OR GENTLEMAN;
__V good opportunity for experienced energetic
man or woman to sell mining stock. Apply a:
once room 65, Chronicle building.
f-OUPON AGENTS-TAT PRIEST'S. 723 MARI
VJ ket st.
AGENTS AVANTED, BOTn LADIES AND
-rV gentlemen; best thing In America In real es-
tate line; good money made by working it as aide
tssue. RAPHAEL, 20 Montgomery st.
* GENTS TO SELL A NEW ARTICLE. AP-
±\ ply 1027 Market st.
FURNITURE WANTED.
~1 """& MUTHER, AUcTfoSYEER, 601 C ALI-
O . fornia st„ corner Kearny, pays best price for
furniture and merchandise.
OD-HAND FURNITURE FOR COUNTRY:
— good prices. T. LUBELSKI. 7 City Hall aye.
AM ALON E PAY'S 20 PER CENT MORE
than elsewhere for furniture to fill country
orders. Leave orders at KING'S, 9 Fourth su
"IF YOU WANT GOOD PRICES FOR FURNI-
J- ture and merchandise see BURD, 211 Larkin.
MKFORE SELLING YOUR FURNITURE
-13 send for Simmons Auction -Co., 1057 MarkeU
BASCH, 321 SUTTER, WANTS FURNI-
. ture, saloons and merchandise: highest price.
MAYER BUYS YOUR FURNITURE .
. carpets, piano. 1135 Market: tel. Jessie 731.
ROOMS WANTED.
iTYA^JTEDirc'o MPE TEN T TE ACHBK j
» » wishes to give piano lessons in exchange for a I
sunny furnished room. Address Teacher, box 153,
Call Office.
T~ "WO OR THREE UNFURNISHED ROOMS:
1 convenient, respectable locality; very reason-
nh'.e. AA'., box 26, '■li Office.
WANTED-MISCELLANEOLS.
an 'Fed-good second-hand wheel;
'95 or '96 Victor preferred; must be in good
repair and cheap. Address, sta ing maker of
wheel and price, E. G., box 7. Call Office, Oakland.
' ANTED— PREsS; CAPACITY 5 CUBIC
feet or more. M AGN ESITE, 65 Union su
ELL YOUR- BOOKS. CLOTHING AND JEAV.
O elrv 10 A. KLEIN*. 1:9 Sixth st. : .«eiui postaL
EDUCATIONAL.
■VNfc7HT^sClH}cnl^^
-»-A Post:com mercial. shorthand, English low rates
"PIANO LESSONS, .'.Or HOUR. SIR. WATTS,
J. 218 Golden Gate aye.
RS. MELVILLE SNA'DER, 814 SUT I>-R^stY
vocal music; piano; elocution tor parlor,
stage, rostrum, bar or pulpit: practical Shakes-
pearean and general dram elocution a specially ;
vocal classes Monday Bp.k.; $1 per month.
BOOKKEEPING BY' TARR: ONLY ACCOUNT- !
ant teaching: V:: time and far more practical ;
than any college; rapid calculations. 659 Market. ;
A~TTEND "STIEHL'S'COLLEGEr72S MARKET
St. The very b^st individual instruction;
20 trial lessons In Shorthand, Bookkeeping, Pen- i
manship, Typewriting, etc., $1; Looks free.
OOKKPNG, WRFI No. ARITHM TC. GRAMR
day A nl.-ht; nocla-ses: $5 month. 845 Mission
ECHT'S 10-LETTER SHORTHAND IS THE
latest and best; 100 words per minute guar-
ant'd; 2- 1110. (incld. typewriting), $25. 927 Market.
Tvultar MANDOLIN. PIANO AND '""vo'caT.
AJT lessons: $3 mo. MARA' WESTHAUS. ?9 Fifth.
1 PRIVATE ACADEMY OF DANCING; CLASS-'
. es Tues. and Fri. Misses HUDDY", 6a Hyde st.
JOSEPH GRBVEN, VOICE-IMPROVER. 82
Ninth st.
ST. . s~H, FRENCH ACADEMY. CASTILIAN
O and Parisian, 3 lessons w. ; $3 at. Maze bld.r.
VJPaNISH. FRENCH, GERMAN: MODERATE.
■>. Melsterschaft School Lancoaaes, 122 O'Farrell s:
YRES'. THE LEADING SHORTS AND OOL-
lege, 325 Montgomery St.; individual Instruc-
tion In shorthand, typing, bookkeeping, etc; Ufa
scholarship $50: low rates per week and month.
IjELASCO'S LYCEUM SCHOOL OF ACTING—
lJ Private theatricals arranged: pupils rehearsed
on stage. R. Sand 12. 1.0.0. F. block. 7:h and Mkt.
CHOOL ELECTRICAL CIVIL, MINING, Mh*-
chanlcal engineering, surveying, arcbitectura,
assay; estab. 64. VAN DER NAILLEN, 723 Mkt.
HEALDS BUSINESS COLLEGE;, ■__ POST STT
Bookkeeping, business practice, shorthand,
typing, electrical engineer: ng, telegraphy, modus
languages rapidly taught. Write lor catalogue.
_ LUST.
LOST — JUNE 2, -FEMALE, DOG; RATHER
long curly hair: light tan color: weight 6
pounds: name Brownie: $10 reward. HOTEL
GAZETTE Office, 420 Kearny st.
TRAY COW FOUND AT COLMA; HOD
O stein: owner call. M. CALLAN, Colma.
T OST— AT OCEAN ATEW, MONDAY', JUNE
JJ 7, fawn-colored greyhoui.d bitch: answers to
name of Nellie. Finder will please leave at 1702 V»
Folsom st. and receive reward.
I SATURDAY' AFTERNOON, JUNE 13,
1 1 la vicinity of San Rafael or Ross Valley, silk fob
watch chain, with square gold locket, monogram
SSB, and seal buckle; $5 reward. Return to AVAL-
TER J. WILEY, caie CHARLES B. STONE, 403
Market st., san Francisco.
"T OST— CERTIFICATE NO. 164 FOR 368
I- shares of the capital stock of the Dutch Min-
ing and Milling company. Finder will be re-
warded by returning same to GEORGE W. GER-
HARD, secretary, rooms 67 and 68. Stevenson
building. 511 California St.. San Fr 'iicisco.
,^~^ ,-,.-,,. ESScL-i*
FOUND- TAVO BAY* HORSES. TAA'O BAY
FOUND-TWO BAA' HORSES, TAVO BAY
I mares, one sray mare, two bay colts. The owner
can have same by paying the damages. M. CAL-
LAN. Colma, San Mateo County.
BICYCLES.
SECONDHAND WHEELS IN PERFECT
O order: terms, cash or installment: Crescent
$25, Cleveland $30, Victor $40, Crawford $33.
DAVIS BROS., 25 Geary st. .
OP", NEW FALCON; HIGH GRADE: *46 AND
OO $55 each; half price: few left, GEORGE
AVEBB ALEXANDER, 401 Market SU
TSJEAV '95, HIGH ORADE2I-LB. THISTLE Bi-
■i-A cycle, $60. Room 14, 1049 a Market st.
bICYCLES, 1895 MODELS, S_,-> TO $65. HAM-
iiton Cyciery, Raker su, near Hayes.
L, ICYCLI-.S FOR $20, $25, ;$3O, $35, $40, $45,
*> $50, second-hand. 306 Post st.
J ""or sale-'96 RAMBLE.:; WARWICK; im-
F penal and Clipper bicycles at great bai gains.
303 1 Ark in st.
ARK CYCLERY'— NEW AVHEELS- LET;
best accommodations. Terminus Geary, Mo-
A ll inter and Powell st. car lines. __^__
STORAGE.
APPLY FOR RATES FOR STOrTSTTfuRND
ture, etc. SHIREK A SHIREK, 747 Market.
I ARGEDRY BASEMENT WITH HYDRAU-
IJ lie sidewalk elevator. Apply 823 Market.
1^ 11. ROONEY. 722 MISSION— AT
I .redi rates: basement storage, sl 50 per load
OTORAGE— CHEAPEST IN THE CITY; FIRE-
O proof building; advances made. 211 Larkin.
IpURNITURE. PIANOS, TRUNKS: AD-
! vances, shipping. CHAS. L. TAY'LOK,2O4Posu
LOWEST RATES-FURNITURE. PIANOS.
household goods, etc J. M. T'terce, 735 Markeu
B. SMITH FURNITURE CO., 132 ELLIS;
. low rates: fire-proof building: Eastern plan.
TYPEWRITERS.
A SPLENDID REMINGTON, $40: SEND FOR
sample work. SCOTT A BANNAN, 333
Montgomery st. <
1 —■
BAGGAGE TRANSFER. '■'.; _■ _ _
TRUNKS MOVE D, 25 CENTS. COMMERCIAL
Transfer Company, .43 Sutter sf. ; telephone
main 49; keep your checks for us. -.-.-.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
(iU^Kn FrNpfGßOclEirY'^^D^BA^rßEST
®AZ.(\ FINE GROCERY^ASnr^BARTBEST
ciD^xc'U. location in city, good business, sells 8
barrels of beer a week; only reason for selling,
other business; see this at once. T. LUBELSKI,
7 City Hall aye.
tttOXO PARTNER IN » OFFEE AND
<$r-*U\-t. dance hall doing a fine busin-ss. and
only object for taking partner requires assistance
in the business: this will stand the fullest investi-
gntion. T. LUBELSKI, 7 City Hall aye.
SK .ff . o GROCERY ANDBAR: FIN E es7*: Afr
rJp\.)\J\J. lished place doing good business; the
stock Is fresh; rent cheap and the locality fine;
see this at once: a rare chance; good reason for
selling. T. LUBELSKI, 7 City Hall aye.
-ajftAA partner IN elegant paying
dPUUU. business: will stand the fullest Investi-
gation; rare chance for young or middle-aged
man; only object in taking partner is to enlarge
the business. T. LUBELSKI, 7 City Hall aye.
SMAAAN ELEGANT BUTCH EH-SHOP
I rt\J\J . across the bay, with two horses and
wagons, fine fixtures, safe, cash reg ster: working
3 men and doing tine business: object of selling
sickness investigate T.LUBELSKI.7 City Hall ay.
•ft tY-lO FINE STATIONERY AND CONFEC-
CJpUULf . tlonery business; in good locality; rent
cheap; with 3 elegant living-rooms; the best bar-
gain for the money ever offered In this city; see
this to-day. T. LUBELSKI, 7 City Hall aye.
SPOT * ASH PAID for STOCKS OF MER-
Chandlse. T. LUBELSKL 7 City Hall aye.
ffijlAA ABLE-STORE AND FRUIT-
<P-L".'U. stand. $150- S loon: paying fine.
$700— Restaurant: worth $1.*00; see this.
$2do— Branch bakery and delicacy ;worth double.
$1100 A snap In an elegant grocery.
T. LUBELSKI. 7 City Hall aye., for bargains.
$>),*.fl RESTAURANT; 3 LIA'ING ROOMS:
— OX', rent $20: doing Al busine-s: daily re-
ceipts $10. M. LESS A CO., 783*/, Market St.
©OXAA CORNER GROCERY AND BAR;
*yr*l-',Jc"U. exceptionally good location: large
well-selected stock; fine s ore trade; big bar busi-
ness; large outside route; bargain. M. LESS CO.,
78;'*7J Market st. jj.
<S, JAA SALOON; THRIVING INTERIOR
cH?*IUU. town: opposite large railroad depot;
cheap rant; living rooms; receipts $10; dally ex-
penses $1; good stock. M. LESS CO., <*83Va
Market BU *• y-y Yy
■ftT^A PARTNER WANTED IN FAMILY
»Jp I Ol'. liquor-store; run successtully by
present ' o-vner for 20 years: large outside route:
half cash: young man preferred: must have good
references. 31. LESS A CO., 783"-/2 Market St.
(JjXAA BRANCH BAKERY; DOING VERY'
■ft^AtlO BRANCH BAKERY; DOING VEBY
tJpcJUU, good 'business; daily receipts above
$10; 3 living-rooms- rent $22; rarest chance.
WILKE A AVQLF. 531 California St.
SO XA/ k~S FeaTm LAUNDRY; ESTAB-
©QX A/ ISTEAM LAUNDRY! ESTAB-
OU*J\J. lished for years: all modern improve-
ment*; doing large business; 4 horses and 4 wag-
ons: owner owns property: will give lease.
AVILKK A AVQLF. 531 California st.
$'_)?: A SALOON; ESTABLISHE D YEARS;
-ft'^-Af. SALOON; ESTABLISHE T> YEARS;
')O\J . rent $30; lease: average dally receipts,
$15: near Market Hall; actual value, $1000. Call
WILKE A WOLF, 531 California St.
ujj *XAA WOOD, COAL AND EXPRESS BUSI-
-4p-_H."U. ness; 4 horses, 4 wagons; boiler. engine
running: saws, scales, etc. ; positively clears $150
per month. BARRETT A SKIFF, 921 Market st.
_ i Z.i i COFFEE AND CHOP HOUSE;
1 Uy'. worth $750. DECKER, 1020 Market.
SALOON; LOCATION; NO RKASON-
S" able offer refused. LOCATION; NO "REASON-
able offer refused. DECKER, 1020 Market sU
QP.AA PARTNER IN OLD-ESTABLISHED
■©cJUU. mercantile commission-house, controll-
ing large trade from all parts of the coast; owner
■desires partner, as business is too much for one;
business has always been prosperous and can be
largely increased: will pay big returns on money
Invested: will bear thorough investigation; for-
tune for some active man who wants profitable
Investmenu GEO. STEWART. 602 MarKet st.
"j tO YOU WAN 1 TO SELL YOUR BUSINESS
J- ' promptly. HEALY A CO., 23 Kearny st.
CjQAAA HOTEL OF 24 ROOMsI BAR.
*_ ~^'\)\J. dining-room, etc., summer resort, 1
hour's ride from san Francisco, clearing $150 per
month; rooms commanding a beautiful marine
view: must be seen to be appreciated; part of pur-
chase price can remain; satisfactory reasons given
for selling. Apply W. F. HEALY', 23 Kearny.
mo SELL A BUSINESS OF ANY KIND
1 quick for cash see STRAND A BAILEY, 917
Market st
Q* .17-r. GROCERY' AND BAR: old ESTAB-
t-us— ' O. llshed; rent only $10: No. 1 location;
pays well: bargain. STRAND A BAILEY', 917
Marketst.
__-_^_l LIQUOR-STORE: FULL VALUE:
«JD U«JU. offer wanted. STRAND ABAILEY',
917 Market st.
© 1 '>?_ FRUIT STORE: GREAT BARGAIN
fj>l__i>. see STRAND A BAILEY, 917 Market'
©1/TC SALOON, 4 ROOMS. PIANO. Em
«3*l l STRAND A BAILEY*, 917 Market St.
t'QOX COFFEE SALOON, PAY'S WELL.
tjO-c;. STRAND A BAILEY. 917 Market su
_ 1 <-)l 1 BUTCHER-SHOP: TRADE OF $50
«JJ) L — V'U. to $60 a day; this place is well fitted
up and everything complete for the business; 3
horses, 1 wagon. 2 carls; great bargain; cheap at
$.'OUO. See STRAND A BAILEY, 917 Market st.
KEST AUK ANT! FIRST-CLASS TRADE; FO R
— t sale cheap on account of sickness: will ex-
change for property or business of equal value In
locali and climate suitable for consumptive.
Call or address 3321 Mission st.
N OLD ESTABLISHED FURNITURE-
store; cheap; owner cannot attend business.
936 a Folsom si. n •*.-._ ■-- ;
PHARMACY SAN ERANCTSCO; WELL
J- located and stocked: price low. Address R. E.
T., box 9, Call Office.
GOOD PAYING CYCLERY: BEST LOCATION
in thecity. best of reasons for selling. Box
16, this office.
Vying ca'clery: chance for ONE
handy with tools: no agents. Address Cycle,
box 50, this office. j..""" ,>* ;.
\\" ELL-PA YING HAND LAUNDRY FOR
>' sale. Apply at 109 Hayes St.
Paying LIQUOR-BTORE "wants part
AY'ING LIQUOR-STORE AVANTs PART
ncr: $750. part cash, balance out of profits;
sickness the cause. L. 8., box 92, Call Office.
(> I ■*; A AN EXPRESS BUSINESS;"" GOOD
'Tl <JU. stand : clears $80 per month: sold on
account of sickness. Apply cigar-store, 2os Larkin.
ARBERS, IMPORTANT NOT ICE -A FINE
-IJ chance to open a shop in the growing town o'
Fitchburg, on the san Leandro road. See real
estate agent in Fitchburg.
YllnK M A KER_ WITH SMALL STOCK CAN
k? do well in Fitchburg: no opposition; public
school attended by 150 children, one block off.
See real estate agent, Fitchburg, on the san Lean-
dro road.
ESTAURANT; GOOD LOCATION; WELL
fitted up; offer wanted, W. 0., box 8, Call.
PARTNER WITH $100 CAPITAL WANTED
Xby lady of means. Room 2, 12 Mason su
LOR SALE-CTGAR-STORE AND BARBER.
LOR SALE-CTGAR-STORE AND BARBER-
X. shop; good stock; price $325. PHILBRICK,
2548 Folsom st.
OAL AN TEAMING— ENERGETIC MAN
with some capita:; good paying legitimate
business; principals only. Address Coal, box 17,
Call Office. ' ■
•frOAAA LIQUOR- STORE; WHOLESALE
iJ'^UUU. and retail; paying well; . located on
good business corner: including 3 horses and wag-
ons; excellent and old-established beer, wine and
poner route; stock alone Is worth about $2000 per
inventory: investigate this for a great bargain.
L. OESTERREICHER, 630 Market su. opposite
the Palace.
ff. 1A A BARGAIN: OLD-ESTABLISHED CI-
»Jn 1 UU. gar, candy 'and notion store; large ear-
liens, cottage and summer house; opposite Uni-
versity Gate, Berkeley: Junction Telegraph aye-
nue railroad cars stop In frontof store. Apply on
premises.
L"OR SALE— THE PATENT RIGHTS OF A
A newly p. denied machine, called Farmer's
newly patented machine, called the Farmer's
Pride, consisting of an improved harrow and roller
which also can be worked In connection with seed-
sower. Inquire at ANDREW KRUCCKELS,
1154 AVashington St., Oakland. .. ;V».:-j
"L** I iR~S ALE— V ERY' REASONABLE; ONE OF
X the best dye works in the city; perfectly
equipped; long lease: very lowrent; artesian well;
central location. For particulars, branch office,
619 A'alencia st.
J lOR sale, at a SACRIFICE, a SPLENDID-
X paying restaurant between 2 carhouses: rent
only $17, living rooms included: owner retiring
from business. Apply at once 3279 Mission st.
YY" ANTED -BY COMPETENT MAN AND
»» wife dining-room and kitchen furnished. Ad-
dress D. R.. box 63. Call.
Q. IWE BRANCH BAKERY, CANDY* AND
1 Id. notion store on account of death. Ad-
ply Call. - .■, ■
___________
HOTELBUSINESS; CLOSE TO THIS
(EJ^^A HOTELBUSINESS; CLOSE TO THIS
.JpU-JU. city; three years' lease. PHILBRICK,
2548 Folsom su
ij-RUITSTOKK FOR SALE-. REASONABLE;
Xon account of death. Cor. Twenty-third and
Shotwell sis.
■ftl^f-A BUSINE-S MAN WANTS PART-
cJpXtJLfV". ner; established business. N. A., box
5, Call Office.
Ij-NERGETIC MAN AVANTED BY LADY AS
-J partner; country business; $50. Room 9, 122
Post st. ■:•-.:_ -■■
ARGAIN— CORNER GROCERY; 3 LIVING
rooms; stable; no agents. Apply Call Office.
Gl OOD-PAYING RESTAURANT; BET. TWO
/A OOD- PAYING RESTAURANT; BET. TAVCJ
VJ" carhouses: living-rooms; rent $17. 3279 Mis-
sion st.
ILL SELL WHOLE OR HALF INTEREST
If in good paying .loon. 989 Pacific su
AKEKY, NOTIONS AND CANDY STORE
established for years; nice living-rooms. 1029
Valencia st. •
0* 1 Z.{\ COFFEE AND CHCP HOUSE; SUIT
-4*"lc"V". man and wife; same hands 7 years.
506 Howard SU .
ROCERY STORE. 3 ROOMS, FIXTURES,
some stock, to let. 2201 Fifteenth su
RESTA UR ANT; GOOD LOCATION; MUST
be sold; cheap. Apply Call Office.
BLACKSMITH-SHOP FOR SALE CHEAP;
good place; $150. Inquire 337 Fifth st.
SALOON; LONG LEASE: LOW RENT. AP-
SALOON; LONG LEASE: LoW RE <T. AP-
ply at Anchor Brewery, 1431 Pacific st.
13 A RE CHaNCE— BOOT AND SHOE STORE
XX for sale at a sacrifice on account of sickness.
Inquire at 2889 Sixteenth st.
rp WO-STORY" BUILDING and SALOON for
— sale. . 3362 Mission si., NW. cor. Thirtieth.
PARTNER WANTED- BY A LADY; GOOD
proposition; $76 capital. 11 Taylor St.. room 1.
BUSINESS CHANCES— Continued.
OAA PARTNER RESTAURANT; OWNER
$200. lady. STENBERG COMPANY, 633
Marketst. _. ./- ■ L
Market st.
"t-1.0-A partner to PURCHASE half
&200. interest In well-paying saloon^near
Kearnv St.; run place light and day: German
preferred. STENBEBG CO., 632 Market St.
?*»/*• A A SALOON AND LIQUOR sTORE;
'_•**»/-» A A SALOON AND LIQUOR STORE:
tfoOUU. south of and nr. Market: receipts $15 to
$•0- full value; stock and.n"xtures; family trouble.
STENBERG CO., 632 Market st- .
tol A I'dCx BOAD HOUSE, ACROSS THE
•STTTTYnrk road hitse. across the
,%IU.''UU. bay, near railroad depot: hand-
somely furnished rooms, bar, dining-room, parlors
and promeiihde grounds: finest family and sum-
mer resort; well known as epjoying most desirable
"ass of patronage: good bar trade the year round;
this offer never equaled; means a fortune In a few
years- owner owns the prone ty; satisfy yourself.
STENBERG A CO., 632 Market st. ■
'dl*.-* nixrx RESTAURANT, OYSTER-HOUSE,
dl»ir»/.A RESI AURANT, OYSTER-HOUSE.
tfrIDUU handsome private rooms: three en-
trances- old-established trade: chance rarely of-
fered in lifetime, where, with $1600 invested, large
["C ?certa£ STENBERG ACQ.. 632 Market.
income certain. STENBERG A CO.. b32 Market.
01.1 lA BUTTER. MILK A D DELICACY
ffiyV. store: thriving i^ton^lWnjM-oomaj
newstock; suitable for family. STENBERG Co.,
632 Market sU . _^ ,
dl.O/\A HALF INTEREST IN THRIVING
fSoUU.(ash business: duties light and easily
learned: or will exchange for real estate In city or
acros i the bay. 11., box 33. ' all Office. •
ff. l/iA RARE CHANCE; FIRsT-CLASS
,^4UU. restaurant on principal street of Hay-
wards, doing a good business: soiling On account
of sicKiiess.' Address D. C, box 45, Haywards, cat.
(SI AAA HALFINTEREST IN OLD EST A
3bXUUU. lished. well stocked, good paying
general store out of town; double value Jn sight;
trial given; 1 partner retiring. Apply Call Oihca.
A NY STOCK OF MERCHANDISE BOUGHT
NY STOCK OF MERCHANDIsT-, BO UG H T
-i— for cash ; city or country. M., box 2. all.
GOOD ROUTE FOR SALE ON THIS PAPER.
Apply T. P. RIORDAN, 632 Market, room 2.
•IL'^nnn CHAMPAGNE BUSINESS FOR
cJIOUU U. sale: well established: complete
manufacturing plant; stock, etc.; principals only.
Apply F. I. CASTELHUN, rooms 4 and 5,325
Montgomery st. _______.
fIuoAAA FOR HALF INH-.REST IN A
C* yfinn FOR HALF INTEREST IN A
tJ)OUUU manufacturing business. 328 Bush St.,
room 4. "
HOICE INVESTMENT OF HOTEL PROP-
erty. pays 12 percent; $3000 or $4000 cash;
grocery or bar as par payment. 1019 Ellis.
OOD OPPORTUNITY; SELLING 'OUT TO
close estate; business est. since 1869: amount
needed $40,000: owner will remain If arrangement
can be made. Address F. P., box 137. Call Office.
ROCERY AND BAR; 4 LIVING-ROOMS;
ROCERY AND BAR f"^- LIVING-ROOM 3 ;
flne curner cash business; rent taken out in
trade; will sell cheap. Apply 439 Grove st.
d^OAA AVILL BUY GROCERY AND BAR;
"fl|i *_»|-Af_ WILL BU V GROCERA AND HART
"pDUU 4 rooms furnished: rent $15; whole
house; other business to attend to; a snap. Co-
lumbia, 128 Fourth st.
LOB SALE -OLD-ESTABLISHED SALOON
TV-OR SALE -OLD-ESTABLIS II E D S A LOO N
-I; and wine cellar in a near-by town. Inquire
AVICHMAN, LUTGENS A CO., 318 Clay St.
RUG-STORE— SIOOO AVILL BUY' A PAVING
RUG-STORE— $1000"WTT'7bU V A ~i\\ V 1 N < :
store; Invoice $1600. Address Drug, box 59,
Call Office.
FOR SALE OR RENT— FIRST-CLASS BLACK-
smith and machine-shop in one of the best
towns in the State. Address D. A. FAULKNER,
354 T e^fth St., Oakland.
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
THTuOOM^COR^IIOUSE, NEAR BALDAVTN;
XU must sell. DECKER, 1020 Market st. *:':"
C A ROOM HOTEL; RENT $70: BUSINESS
OU location: $1500. DECKER, 1020 Markeu
IF YOU AVANT TO BUY OR SELL A LODG-
-1 Ing-house see T. LUBELSKI, 7 City Hall aye.
At/ ELL-FURNISHED, GOOD ROOM LOD(_-
V? ing-house: in a good location. 613 Mission st.
on AVELL-FURNISHED ROOMS FOR $675:
_»0 low renu Inquire grocery. 40 Sixth st.
A<J ROOMS; BEST-PA YING HOUSE; CHEAP;
"Oeasy terms. 115 Second st.
I OARDINO AND LODGING HOUSE FoYt
1 1 Sale at 39 Pacific st.
H"- OUSE OF 15 AVE L L- LIGHTED ROOMS
OUSE OF 15 AA'ELL- LIGHTED ROOMS
suitable for lodging-house: »20. 544 Sixth st.
FURNITURE FOR SALE. .
t^^Elntoo^r^s-YiYi!^?)!?^^
-_-_ and stove; cheap. 1607 California st.
L OR sale" OR RENT— FURNITURE OF 7
A rooms; a bargain. 1029* V% Market af.
SPECIAL SALE OF BED- LOUNGES!
50 bed-lounges (worth $7 50) «4 00
Floor oilcloth 20
English Linoleum 30
Brussels Carpet ".. 45
4-room outfit, solid oas 75 00
SHIBEK A SHIREK, 747 Market .
AT L. J. NEUMANN'S. 117 SIXTH, FOR
lowest prices on household goods, new or good ;
as new; casb or time, open evenings.
IpiRE SALE : '-'
' Prices stand till goods are completely dl* - .
posed of. •-
oak bed 5et5..,..,..., , $1^ AT
Bed lounges , 8 11
Stoves 7 5 J
Carpets, peryard ..............— Si-
Linoleum, per yard .<-... •">»
Matting, peryard IJ
Till our new building is erected these prices will
stand. Till such time we are conducting busman
ai. SE. corner beventh and Mission au. J.
NOONAN. V
jTkTT"- ARRETS: CHAMBER SETS, $11;
"iUU stoves. $5: parlor sets, $20: folding-bed _.
$10; bed- onnges, $7. T. D. MCCARTHY IF. 4th.
CARPET CLEANING.
ONES CO. CARPET Y^LEANING^ANo"
renovating works. Main office 25 and 27 Bth.
ARPET CLEANING, Sc.; LAYING, 3a : RUG
samples free; telep*houe Jessie 914. ST RAT-
TON. 19 Eighth st.
fl RE"AT AVESTERN CARPET-BEATING
REAT AVESTERN CARPET-BEATING
vT works; latest machinery: cleaning 3c and lay-
ing 3c yd. G. GEORGE, 11 Bth: phone Jessie 253.
YY'HKN YOU BECOME DISGUSTED AVITH
U'HKN YOU BECOME DISGUSTED WITH
" poor work send toSPAULDING'S Pioneer Car-
pet Beating AVorks, 353-57 Tehama st. ; teL So -It).
/-"ONKLIN'SCARPET BEATING WORKS. 33J
V Golden Gate aye.: telephone east 126.
AITY STEAM CARFETCLEANLNG.RENOVA-
\J Unc, 38 Bth. STEVENS, mgr. Tel. South 250.
C ARRETS CLEANED AND RENOVATED
> like new. FERGUSON A CO., 23 Tenth; taL
South 36. D. MACKINTOSH ACQ., successors.
E. MITCHELL CARPET CLEAN ING CO., 24U
E. MITCHELL CARPET CLEANING CO., _4(l
. 14th su ; cleaning 3c a yard. Tel. Mission 7L
MCQUEEN'S CARPET BEATING AND KEN-
. ovatlng works. 453 Stevenson: teL south 228,
HORSES.
Tl* ANTED FOR A FEW MONTHS— GENTLE
» * business horse for light work in consideration
of excellent feed, shoeing and good treatment;
Sundays and holidays at the disposal of owner if
desired; references given. Address S. J. L., box 3,
Call.
Horse wanted— a good sound WORK
horse at out 7 years old, about 1250 pounds,
black or gray preferred. Pacific Undertakers, 777
Mission st.
YK(t SETS NEAV AND SECOND HAND HAR-
-I*J" ness, all kinds: wagons. Doggies, surreys,
rockaways, carts; must be sold. 1128 Mission st
UCTION SALES OF HORSES, BUGGIES.
UCTION SALES OF HOHBES, BUGGI E-C
wagons, harness, etc., at Derby stables, 645
Oeary ,cor. Leavenworth. ever.- Tuesday 11 o'clock.
C. R. MARTIN, prop.; S. AY ATKINS, auctioneer.
P. A A SET NEAV AND SECOND-HAND HAl£
U\J\J ness; all kinds; buggy, waeon, carts, surrey
Arockawav; 40 cheap horses. 15th and A'alencia.
_|j HORSES FOR SALE; ALSO \T AUG N S,"
HORSES FOR SALE; ALSO AVAOONS.
jU boggles, carts, harness: Grand Arcade Uorsa
Market. 327 Sixth st. ; auction sales every Wednes-
day. SULLIVAN A DOYLE, Auctioneers.
OR_S PASTURED; SEND FOR CIRCU-
ORSES PASTURED; SEND EoR c IRCC-
■ •!>r. "th" vile R^nch. 630 Commercial St.
"WAGONS ANO CARRIAGES.
~__~»<
SLIGHTLY SOILED DRIV'NO GLOVES;
samples. H. M. HEINEMAN, 109 Sansome sU
TVJEAV AND SECOND-HAND BAKERS', LAUN-
—i dry. milk and grocery wagons: also rockaway
and 2 fine buggies. 828 Harrison St.
A WEEK'S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS — THIS
-A WEEKLY CALL, in wrapper, for mailing-
FOR SALE-JHS(;iiLLA.Ar"woj.
QA TEACHERS' VOTES CAN f.i HAD FOR A
OU remuneration. 13 Van Ness aye. "
T.--OR SALE CHEAP — TEAM OF YOUNG
X mules, harness and wagon: good roadsters.
Apply 1913 Magnolia St., Oakland.
"L"OR SALE— I 15-HORSEPOAVER ENGINE.
-T good as new, cheap for cash; win trade, shoe
Factory. Sixteenth st., Oakland.
NE '96 IMPERIAL WHEEL FOR SALE. AP-
ply at 52J Turk sU, 2 to 4 p. jl ___^
IP INE GASOLINE COOKING STOVE FOR
X campiug; bargain. 143 Bartlett St.
FRESH GENTLE CoAV, CHEAP. 912 FRAN-
' Cisco st., near Larkin. ■
AMPING TEAT, $6: PIANO, $25; PANEL-
top wagon; new tent show outfit, cheap. 8928
Nineteenth st. -
TVTEAV SUN CASH REGISTERS FOR SALE;
1\ price $25. Address C, box 4, Call.
Rli.L: BARNES' 20- I N C I I ;s WING SQUARK
RILL; BARNES' 20-INCH;s\VING SQUARE
base, cheap: or trade. 516 Mission st.
OUNT E R S. SII L V I NO, SHOWCASES
bought and sold. 1121% Market.bet. 7th A Bth.
ARGAIN*' TYPEWRITERS: A..L MAKES; .
write for prices. Typewriter Ex., 310 California. I
|, OILERS, ENGIN AND MACHINERY.
JJ waterplpea. Mcintosh A AVolpman, 137 Beala,"
~ CILDINGS BOUGHT; LUMBER, SASH-..A
UILDINGS BOUGHT: LUMBER, SASHIi-i
I > doors, mantels, etc.. for sale. 1166 Mission.
NX -SMALL MEDIUM AND LARUE
fire and burglar proof safe. 09. 11l Market s„
L"IRK AND BURGLAR SAF_ LETT IV-
X press, platform scales and desk :cheap. 102 Clay.'
\TEVV RANGES CHEAPER THAN SECOND- j
..A band. A. a RAY MrgCq. 12 California
SEWING MACHINES. .. ~.
ALL KINDS BOUGHT." SOLDTEXCHANGEa
rented, repaired; lowest rates. 205 Fourth at.S HOUSES TO I.FT.
7pO^LF:T^iioii7^E^)F~6 BOOMS AND BaTH;
rpo LBT-HOl X OF S BOOMS AND BaTH;
I yard and basement; modern; rent $16. 110
Noe st., near Fourteenth.
*L**INE SUNNY HOUSE: FRONT AND REAR
V 1N i: SUN N V HOUSE: FRONT AND REAR
_T yards for flowers; ctiarmlng location on quiet
greet: clean .and attractive; 7 rooms, batb,
laundry: unfinished ba?- ment; $30. DEMPSTER,
. 36 <■:' Part aye., off Twelfth st. „
I" "-LEGANT: MODERN. 9 ROOMS. ETC.; PA-
i l-.-rea, frescoed, sunny; cheap. 908 Oak st.,
near Scott.
*>7Y:t taventy -third, bet. YORK AND
— 1 cJ^r Hampshire— House of 6 rooms and bath;
all modern improvements: fine yard. ■
HOUSE 6 ROOMS AND BATH: RENT REA-
sonable. 542 Jessie su ; keys on premises.
Ql|' HOUSE, 6 SUNNY ROOMS AND
<J)AU. bath. 621 Locust aye., off Laguna.
ODERN HO C 9 ROOMS; BATH: FINE
marine view, rent 55. 1920 Broadway, near
Octavia; key at 1906. -
VOUE HOUSES LET OR PROPERTY SOLD
x See G. AY. II PATTERSON, _ Valencia st.
OUSE-A NICE HOUSE AND others
to rent b.- BALDWIN A HAMMOND, 10
Montgomery st.
"fiOjl MODERN* HOUSE 7 ROOM 8: BASE-
\ MOI-ERN HOUSE 7 ROoMS: BASE-
"*.. »"'. ment: lar^e yard: stable. 417 Ridley st.
COTTAGES TO LET.
QV^~wrTAGE~~S R^OMsT~TjATIL 8
(JliO, Ijiussat St., near Fillmore.
0* 1 SUNNY" BAY'-AVINDOAV COTTAGE OF
OJ-O. 5 rooms; large yard. 134 Dolores st., nr.
Fifteenth.
O LET-NEAV MOUERN COTTAGE OF 5
T O LET— NEAV MODERN COTTAGE OF 5
rooms, bath aud basement: 405 Laurel St., nr.
California. WILL E. FISHER & CO., 14 gog st.
COTTAGE OF 8 BOOMS; BATH; GARDEN;
yard. 2824 Mission St.
•5:7 P_-f_ co i*T auk of 3 rooms: good
• *^7 I .cJo order: water free. Apply on premises,
915 Brvant st., near Eighth, or 14 Montgomery st.,
G. H. I'M PS EN A CO.
I GNASHED FLATS.
Hit i: iii ie eT^-^lXt'T^moiJ
crn and complete, for about 3 months; reason-
able to responsible party. Apply 2120 Sutter sf.
9791 JACKSON— \ ERY NICE FLAT; FUR-
— • — 1 nished ; upstairs; references: reasonable.
L* NKLY FURNISHED FLAT 6 ROOMS AND
J bath; beautiful marine view; within one block
of cable-cars to park, ocean, ferries. Presidio and
City Hall: rent reasonable; water free. Address
li C. J., box 36. Call office.
FLATS TO LET.
-• 1. ) 264~fTrStTn R. Fo KM -f> I iOOMa
•- 1— • ASHTON A GARDINER, 411 Mont-
gomery st. M__ffi
99fJ rose aye., bet. haight and page !
—— c" <;>._;-: sunny rooms; bath and basement.
99fY TENTH-UPPER FLAT; 5 ROOMS;
— — V) bath : modern Improvements.
"71 V < " TAA* 1 i,NR. MCALLISTER— LOWER
lit) flat of 5 rooms: bath, gas and basement.
<>1 9 p. A LOWER FLATS; 5 ROOMS;
O x_ . U\J. every convenience. 4220 Nine-
teenth st., west of Cas ro.
79{_?1 McALLISTER-FLAT 6 ROOMS AND
• «-c*a bath: sunny side: rent reduced. 1
"V-EAA* SUNNY FLAT 8 Room- AND BATH;
-^A latest improvements. 2411 Pacific aye.
UNNY FLATS; 3 AND A BOOMS; BATH;
O garden: Sl3 and $16. 1706 Post St.
TTXH UPPER FLAT, 4 ROOMS. BATH, ETC.,
I $22: lower flat. 6 rooms, bath, laundry, large
yard, $25: both above In perfect condition; on
12th St., cor. Glen Park aye., 4 rooms, large yard,
unfinished basement, opp. private park, $3,6.
DEMPSTER, 36 Glen Park aye., off 12th si.
<'■>■> "ill FLAT OF 5 ROOMS AND BATH.
«JP__L Z.UyJ. 3Cedarave., off Larkin st., bet. Post
and Geary.
"VTKAV MODERN FLAT, 5 ROOMS, BATH.
VKW MODERN FLAT. 5 ROOMS, BATH.
J-A yard, basement: $22 50. 639 Minna st,
uij 1 - NEAV MODERN SUNNY' FLATS. FIAE
•Tl I. rooms and bath. 141 San Jose aye., near
Twenty-fourth st.
Q 1 /• MODERN UPPER FLAT OF 6 ROOMS
7S~j I Y7- >.!•>!) E RN UPPER FLAT OF 6 Rtx.iMs
©lU. and bath. 2203 Geary, cor. Devisadero.
Ol eTIIS^THREE SUNNY- FLATS; 3
OiU rooms, bath, yard, basement; 920.
X(\.) N I N^T . I —BA - 1 N DO W FLAT 5
U\J£d rooms, bath: low rent.
"VEAV FLAT 8 ROOMS, RATH; REASON-
A\ able: southeast cor. Page aud Lyon s:s. Apply
on premises or 350 Fremont s:.
rU WO FLATS ; 6 ROOMS AND BATH ALL
JL modern Improvements. 1501 Turk. cor. Steiner.
,\ SHBURV HKI GHT S — SU N N Y UPPER
~l \ BH BUBY HEIGH 1- - SUNN V C PPE X
Y\. flat: 5 rooms newly furnished with piano:
no children: references J. box 163, ( all Office.
1 90 l TURK— FURNISHED FLAT; THREE
A— Ua rooms and bath; rent 9-5.
«_>/• ELGIN PARK. OFF RIDLEY*, ABOVE
«)U A'alencia— 2 or 3 rms.: bath; laundry; yard.
m. I A 4-ROOM UPPER FLAT. HA A
•J* xU. block Third and Mission. Apply 16
Grant aye.
•""Ifl FULTON— GOOD LOWER FLAT: 5
"I 1 __* FULTON— GO( ID LOWER FLaT: 5
X J U-» rooma and bath: near City Hall.
Q TO 7 ROOM AND BATH FLATS AND COT-
• ) tage* from 96 to $-."0. SPECK A CO., 602
Market St.
•J^IATOFSTOO-IS, BATH; COB, FELL AND
UI.AT OF 5 BOOMS, RATH ; COB. FELL AND
J. Laguna sts. : sunny side; rent cheap.
j^QOEIGHTEENTH~sf^A AND 5 ROOMS
A f-fiQ EIc.HTEENTH - T- 4 AND 6 BOOMS
Ti)no and oath; $12 and $13; electric lines.
9A7 WEBSTER— SUNNY' FLAT; 6 ROOMS;
— ' ' I modern conveniences.
T FPE R AND LOWER FLATS: 3 AND 4
U rooms: very convenient; rent $7, 9*. Inquire
941 Bryat't >:.
TUAT-A NICE FLAT AND OTHERS TO
TmTa "1 FLA i AND OTHERS TO
A 1 rent by BALDWIN _• HAMMOND, 10 Mont-
gomery st.
OAVHR FLAT— 4O77 TWENTY-THIRD ST.,
1 OAVt-R FLAT— 4O77 TWENTY-THIRD ST.,
J J 100 feet from Castro cars: 4 rooms: bath; large
yard; sun all day; rent $14; water tree.
L' LEG ANT NEW FLAT:-. SEVENTH ST.. BE-
Xj low Bryant. 5 and 6 rooms, bath: $8 to 916.
SUNNY TOP FLAT 4 ROOMS AND BATH;
all latest Improvements; 916. 13 trove st.
lf_7Q TWENTY-THIRD; 100 FEET FROM
"I\J I O Castro cars: lovely sonny upper fiat of 5
rooms; modern improvements; rent only $16;
water free. '
HOUSEKEEPING BOOMS.
Capp Street.
9/-| CAPP— 2 SUNNY' BOOMS FURNISHED
— U comp-ete for housekeeping to a quiet family.
Clay Street.
-1 OQZ. CLAY*— 10; 3 FRONT ROOMS AND
1 DO«3 storeroom; complete for housekeeping;
baib. ■ -
Dale Place.
71 DALE PLACE, OFF GOLDEN GATE AYE.—
» 3 Furnished housekeeping rooms; sunny; rea-
. sonable.
Lcitlv Street.
9*l QBDDY- FURNISHED OR UNFUR-
-IO nished rooms; housekeeping; single rooms;
* 1 up.
!!_£ .
Ellis Mree;.
Kins Mree,.
3 Of! ELLIS — TWO SUNNY' FURNISHED
-JOVJ rooms for housekeeping in rear; rent $12.
COO ELLIS ST. — DE- IRA BLE UNFIIR-
•) — O nished sunny parlor floor: housekeeping.
7A_> bllis -front suite ob » rooms
iyO complete for housekeeping, nicely fur-
. nished. r Y
Fifth Street.
991 FIFTH— NICE SUNNY' ROOMS, WITH
— _- 1 kitchen, for housekeeping.
Ql A FIFTH- FRONT BAY"-WINDOW ROOM
Olt and kitchen; 2 other front housekeeping
rooms: bath; yard: private: $10 up.
099 FIFTH ST.— 2 FURNISHED ROOMS
.I — — for housekeeping; rent $9.
Fourth Street.
: QA7 FOURTH — SUNNY* FURNISHED
' ii\J I housekeeping room $2 to $'_' 50 per week.
it on Street.
—I 1 /*' FULTON— 2 ROOMS; COMPLETE FOB
1 X D housekeeping; 910. ' * > :." "■-•
...- Geary street.
00/17 GEARY-3 NICE ROOMS: UNFUR-
Z__U I nished.
Jioauril Street.
HA I HOWARD-MODERN HOUSEKEEPING
. '*.- i. "i X rooms, single or en suite; reasonable.
X H.ni 1 now a - DESIRABLE SUNNY
V- lUl'i front rooms; also others; bath: gas; rea-
:*. sonable.
• "r. QQ.-.I HOWARD ST.— NICELY- "FURNISHED
. OUU% sunny rooms for housekeeping.
9 A o/Th'oav ARD-4 OR^e- SUNN ROOMS,
-.^±Z.\J furnished for housekeeping; nice house;
garden; very reasonable.
iij'Uo Street.
9] A HYDE — SUNNY FURNISHED
jLiLVJ rooms complete for housekeeping.
-.'.....' Lmi-.. in .-.iree..
o')Ci LARKIN ST.-3 CONNECTING ROOMS;
?.'-^~V furnished complete for housekeeping.
'.;•-' y.. *>»<-All ihtKr Street.
I'-'AA 7 M«ALI.I<TKI'.--_ NEAVLY^ FURNISHED
'. -■'■*- * >un"y rooms, complete for housekeeping.
' -" -fc'-JO MCALLISTER — 3 LARGE UNFUR-
X'JC McALLIkTeTT^~3 LARGE UN FUR-
",JU nished housekeeping-rooms; also large
basement rooms.
M "iiriM * t reet.
•"'.dfi MINNA — FURNISHED BOOM FOR
»TU housekeeping; large yard.
M K 7-^ MINNA — GOOD BOOMS FOR HOUSE-
" U U keeping.
o : '._•'.• , i.lnblon ice,,
Q9.-*.l MISSION-SUNNY ROOM, KITCHEN,
O^U2 .exclusive Dath and porch; other rooms.
ll /.9J- MISSION-2 ■-•ROOMS. FURNISHED
.. v_iut or unfurnished; 95 each; bath.
HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS — Continued.
Ninth Street.
')() *!NTH, NIT. MARKET- FRONT SUITER; '
a-V* housekeeping; a to 4 rms.: gas: stove: single. |
1 901 NINTH— TWO LARGE CONNECTING
A.-c.a rooms; $15: also single.
Norfolk Street. -' \ T
9-ROOMED COTTAGE. FURNISHED FOR
-- housekeeping: washroom, yard. 52 Norfolk
St., off Folsom, bet. Eleventh and Twelfth.
Oak Street. i
qrj.-; OAK— PARLOR FLOOR; 3 complete-
U\JU ly furnished connecting housekeeping
rooms: bath convenient; private family.
'^li-A OAK- UPPER FLOOR: 3UNFURNISH-
oyiU ed rooms and bath; 914.
Prospect Place.
1 90 PROSPECT PLACE — FURNISHED
X-ZjO rooms for housekeeping or without, with a
German family.
Scott Street.
IRI A SCOTT— 3 OR 4 SUNNY- RCOMS: UN-
J-vJ-l-^ furnished: bath; garden: cellar; from 916.
second Street.
"9 SECOND- 8 PLAIN ROOMS FOR LIGHT
•"J— housekeeping; 91 50 up: other rooms; cheap.
Seventh Street.
1 Of* SEVENTH— 2 LARGE SUNNY' FRONT
-LOO furnished housekeeping rooms, veranda;
yard.
Silver Street.
9/""*; SILVER— TAVO SUNNY FRONT ROOMS
«-U furnished for housekeeping: rent low.
.-.Mb Mreet.
m SIXTH— CHEAPEST IN THE CITY;
cozy housekcopiug rooms and other rooms.
9*Dl SIXTH— 2 ROOMS, HOUSEKEEPING',
Stevenson Street.
a AC} STEVENSON, BET. SEVENTH AND
o~r_- Eighth— 2 furnished housekeeping rooms;
bath: central.
Stockton Street.
9-1(1 STOCKTON, NE. COR. GEARY ST., NR.
_.UU the Emporium— 2 sunny unfurnished
housekeeping rooms; 912; references.
Turk street.
iipiDHK- elegantly* FUBNISHED
11D suites, single rms: light hskpng privileges.
"I 9Q TURK— SUNNY FURNISHED HOUSE-
JL_-i7 keeping rooms: reasonable.
XO/I 1 TURK— 2 SUNNY ROOMS TO LET
US "*_•> and kitchen for housekeeping, unfur-
nished; private family.
Twenty-sixth Street.
*] 1 El TUENTY-SIXTH, NEAR MISSION—
XxO'Z nicely furnished clean housekeeping
rooms; yard; iow rent.
Valeu«:i-.» Street
m; VALENCIA— SINGLE AND 3 ROOMS
J- _) JL I for housekeeping; new and sunny.
"Welsh Street.
-J I A AVELSH. OFF FOURTH— 2 OR 3 NICE
JL X.rt furnished rooms for housekeeping, cheap.
» WEEK NEAVS FOR 5 CENTS— THE
j:\. AA'KEKLY CALL. In wrapper, for mailing.
ROOMS TO LET.
ROOMS TO LET.
Rush Street.
1 1 CM RUSH-HANDSOMELY FURNISHED
J A XV) l rooms, gas, hot and coid water: bath.
I 1 OFc NICELY" FURNISHED AL-
il OU cove suite : rent $14 a month.
> mi v Street.
nOH EDDY— NICELY FURNISHED SUNNY
DO I front rooms.
tilth Street.
QHERMAN APARTMENT HOUSE, m KTH
O si., near Market: furnished and unfurnished.
Elliott Park.
9fA ELLIOT PARK— SUNNY UNFURNISHED
—* J rooms: large closet; cheap. Off Steiner st.,
near Girls' High School.
--Ails street.
ROYAL HOUSE, 126 ELLIS-ELECTRIC
lights in every room: reading-room contains all
daily papers; open all night: rooms, per night, Ssc
to $1 SO; week. S3 to 98: month, $8 to SiO: tire
escapes; elevator on ofllce floor; r'ms for families.
q-IHE RAMONA. 130 ELLIS; MRS. KATES.
J ART, manager-'A quiet bouse; centrally lo-
cated ; newly furnished; elevator: ho: A cola water,
p OSEDALE HOUSE, 321 ELLIS— IOO ROOMS
-It at reduced rent; satisfy yourself: open all night.
099 ELLIS (THE PALMETTO), mrs a. J.
O— — CALHOL'N, prop.— First-class housekeep-
ing, apartment and rooming house: 60 roams.
Everett Street.
A X EVERETT— FURNISHED ROOMS, DAY',
"■J week or month, $3, 84, $5: housekeepg rms.
Fifth Street.
-I _lC» FIFTH ST.-NICE, CLEAN. BUNNY
JLU'-' front rooms, single or double, $1 50 to $3
per week.
Folsom Street.
'9 A FOLSOM-4 NICE SUNNY' UNFUR-
«_)_- V nished rooms cheap.
■7-)-: FOLSOM— SUNN FURNISH'D
1 OO front room; $4 month.
0*01) FOLSOM— DOUBLE OR SINGLE ROOMS
O— U from $1 week up.
A-euiv stree..
9*l 71 GEARY* — LARGE FURNISHED OR
_- I I•£ unfurnished rooms. Key at 217.
OAT GEARY — NEWLY FURNISHED
CUI rooms; pleasant: central; reasonable; new
corner flat.
THE MARTINET II AS CHANGED HANDS;
handsomely furnished suites; single rooms: $10
month up. 1101 Geary St., SAY. cor. van Ness aye.
Golden Gate Avenue.
JfflQ GOLDEN GATE NEATLY FCR-
"IU-1 nisbed room to let in private family for one
or two gentlemen; terms reasonable.
drove street.
"I f\- OROVF-NICELY FURNISHED SUNNY
IUtJ room: rent 95.
C*| /' GOLDEN ATE AY E. — PLEASANT,
•J J- O sunny rooms suitable for 1 or 2 gentlemen.
Howard Street.
m7l HOAVARD — NICELY* FURNISHED
1 2 front room for 1 or 2 gentlemen.
.toiler - ■ ree..
m JONES— FURNISHED BUNNY
suite; also sunny alcove room: private.
9A7 .-ONES — THE VAN WINKLE: NEW
—' ' 1 management: elegant sunny suites and
.Ingle; newly furnished; bath, etc.; $10 10 S3U.
i-tarnv Street.
ARLINGTON HOUSE, 127 KEARNY— PLEA.I-
- sunny rooms, en suite and single; first class
jr. every respect: terms reasonable.
9 ( -j KEARNY'-NEAVLY RENOVATED AND
ZiX elegantly furnished rooms, suite or single,
by the day, week or month; ilrst floor for offices.
MRS. GRACE GEORGE,
Larkin Street.
Q*l 7LA R X I NICK SUNNY ROOMS,
Ox double, single and housekeeping; all fur-
nUhed; $7 up.
Laakie Street.
91 LASKIE, OFF MISSION, NR.. NINTH-
'S Sunny furnished rooms. $4 and $5.
3. ..ik. - ..ee..
YOSEMITE HOUSE, 1045 MARKET— PER
night, 35c to $1; week. $1 50 to 95: families.
jTi__.or> -iree..
091 MISSION— LARGE AIRY ROOM SUIT-
O— 1. able for 2 gentlemen or housekeeping.
O'Jbarrell Street.
r I A O'FARRELL— ICE SUNNY FRONT
OX " room.
rOQ O'FARRELL — NICE FRONT ROOM;
— O private family ; for gentleman; good home;
reference-
Pine Street.
7Q9l PINE— ELEGANTLY FURNISHED
• o_>a front rooms; rent reasonable.
Folk Street.
1 Qfll POI.K-4 NICE SUNNY ROOMS;
XOyj X. partly furnished.
i «•-.. •■ i Street.
99 POAVELL, CORNER GEARY— SUNNY
__—<-" front corner room ; nicely furnished.
"sixths: ree..
191 SIXTH ST.-SUNNY FRONT SUITE
AO9 cheap: good for dentist transient specialty.
South Park.
Cn SOUTH PARK — VERY DESIRABLE
O\J newly furnished sunny rooms: bath, gas,
etc; reasonable: private family.
9^9 SIXTH— LARGE FRONT ROOM SUlT-
_^*o"ii able for 2 gentlemen; $7.
tevenson Street.
r-l 7 STEVENSON, Nil. SIXTH AND MA
01 I ket— 2 sunny well-furnished rooms; cheap
rent. .
fcutier.->ireo:.
7AQ SUTTER. COR. TAYLOR 'THE SAN
I yJD Reml)— Newly furnished sunny rooms; en
suite or single: references.
_ urk street.
99^ TURK-LARGE UNFURNISHED
——I double parlor; gas; 920; also furnished
, rooms.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JUNE 20, 1896.
ROOMS TO LET-Continued.
Twelfth Street.
4TAVELFTII ST., Gilt MARKET-LARGE
•J single front room for rent, 95 a month.
Willow Avenue.
79A AVILLOAV AYE., BET. AVEBSTER AND
* — V Buchanan— Four sunny rooms; 97 60.
AUSALITO— PLEASANT ROOMS FOR OEN-
OAUSALITO— PLEASA-NT ROOMS FOR GEN" -
O tlemen; also transient. BUTLER, Swisher .
House, Sausalito. . - -
HOARDING AMD ROOMS.
IrLEGANT ROOMS ; QUIET, DEFINED
J nelgnborhood; central; board optional. Apply
Call.
7')- ELLIS— AVELL FURNISHED FRONT
1 101 bay-window room, with or without board.
HYDE, ~ 299, CORNER ~ EDDY — LARGE
grounds; large sunny rooms en suite or sin-
gle, with private bath ana toilet; extra table.
"V"EAT SUNNY' ROOMS FOR GENTLEMEN:
-La breakfast if desired; references. 1220 Mc-
Allister st. \
a IHE VICTORIA, NAA'. COR. CALIFORNIA
J- and Hyde— 2 sunny corner suites, first floor:
ail modern improvement reference required. - -
QOO GEARY— SUNNY SUITE, A\'iirH_Pßl"-
- vate bath, suitable for families; also suuny
I single rooms: excellent board. - r- " '
OTKL BERTLINO. 714 RUSH— A FAMILY
OTEL~BERTiANG. "i 14 J.LSH-A FAMILY
hotel: references given ana required: mod-
«m C.» ivenlence^. -r
CHILI-REN BOAROEO.
A N TEDYYsiIAI[r£rCI_T_A)R^^TO^O^I^
*» good borne and mother's care. Apply 1913
Magnolia st., Oakland. . ■ • . .
C~ oYmFORTADLE AND HEALTHY HOME FOR
1 or 2 children to toard; terms reasonable.
Call at 12 Cherubusco at., off Cortland aye.
PARENTS DESIRING TO BOARD THEIR
A children out cau find an unexceptionally good
home with best of care in private family; terms
$10. D., box 100, this oilice.
LADY- ITH GIRL 10 AVISUES 1 OR 2
children to board. 134 Collins st.
9 CHILDREN, not UNDER 5 years, TO
— board. 1668 Thirteenth aye., East Oakland.
A D V WOULD LIKE 1 OR 2 CHILDREN
to board: good home. 651 Jessie St., between
i Seventh and Eighth. .
4 T 402" SAN JOSE AA'E. A PLEASANT
-£v home for child; refined family; good care:
terms moderate.
\y IDOW IN THE COUNTRY' WOULD LIKE
" care of 1 or 2 children, or baby: mother's
care. MRS. C. SHIVERS, Antioch, CaL
i iHFAPEST AND BEST IN AMERICA— THE
V EKKLY CALL, sent to any address in the
| United "States or Canada one year for $1 50, post-
I age free. 1
SUMMER RESORTS.
p IVEBSIDE RANCH— ON THE RANKS OF
' -It- Eel River, 6 miles from Potter Valley, Men-
docino County: round trip #11 from s>an Fran-
I Cisco; fishing, hunting, bathing and boating un-
surpassed. Terms 97 per week. Excellent table;
milk, fruit, vegetables raised on the ranch.- T. J.
GILLESPIE, Pott; r A'alley. Mendocino County.
STORES TO LET.
UP O L T— WI N D oYv^T^lTATTL^FclirTflYAir-
-L stand. Inquire at 1940 Market St., cor. Haight.
TORE: ,*l,',; 10071.. LARKIN. COR. POST;
, >~ new: living rooms. KELLY, 102 Eddy.
STORE SUITABLE FOR SHOESHOP OR
O cheap gems iurniabing store; cheap rent. 744
, Fourth st.
STORES WANTED.
; nr ANTED— A SMALL STORE. OR HALF OF
" one for a nice jewelry business; will pay $25
to $40 a month; In good location; west of Market
: ana between Kearny aud new City Hall preferred.
Address H. A., box 66, Oall Office.
OFFICES TO LET.
| SPRECKELS BUILDING. 927 MARKET—
O Elegant sunny offices. $12 50 up: electric-light;
i heating and janitor service free. Apply at buildlug
or i.. H. UMBSEN A CO.. J 4 Montgomery st.
HOTEL TO LET.
ItO LET— THE TELL HOUSE. 317-319
| 1. Bush st.; this well-known hotel is thoroughly
; renovated, considerably Improved; compares witn
i best 2d-Tas^ hotel In town. MADISON A IU" 11 X I-:
1I0TP:L TO LEASE.
HOTEL 1 ' LEA SE Ft T. A Til: ." OP YEARS;
new 6-story and basement brick building con-
taining 83 rooms; also ground floor and well-
i lighted basement; centrally located, y_ block N. of
Market st. and 1 block from Baldwin Hotel and
Emporium building! newly furnished throughout;
furniture for sale on reasonable terms. For fur-
ther particulars apply to S. SILVERBERiJ, 320
Sansome st.. room 1.9.
HOTEL AY ANTE I>. -—"-i
WANTED— TO LEASE OR BENT, A GOOD
" country hotel: send particulars, etc, A. ZEL-
LKR, 1607 Brush St., Oakland.
31 LSI CAL I N -IK Li 31 A.-N _.*S.
."GUSHER IPKliillT". $125: MARSHALL 'A
-C Wendell. $125: bargains at $150 and $175.
THE Zl-.No MAI VAIB MUSIC CO.. 769 MarkeL
SLIGHTLY USED HAKDMAN UPRIGHT:
SLIGHTLY USED HAKDMAN UPRIGHT:
magnificent tone and case; lady leaving for
New A'ork and wants an offer. Room 10, Flood
building.
j © I .}- FINE BABY GRAND PIANO: A
O I — «■>. bargain. 514 Sutter.
q> 1 r lI ALLET A DAA'TS PIANO FORSALE;
<7~*i .HALLE. « DAVIB PIANO FORSALE;
*ip"lc^. $5 Installments. 221 Leavenworth st.
AGNIFICENT STEINWAY UPRIGHT;
lady forced to sell. Room 10,809 Marketst.
P I A NOS HALF-PRICE.
1" >lANOS HALF PRICE.
. A ADMINISTRATOR'S SALE
TO CLOSE ESTATE OF CHAS S. EATON.
MUST SKI.,.
New and second-hand pianos at enormous reduc-
: tion; exceptional opportunity to buy.
i Call and examine. 735 .Market st.
S OUR NEW RENT CONTRACT PLAN
permits of our selling some pianos for $3 per
J month It is not necessary to go elsewhere for more
■■ favorable terms and low prices. SHERMAN,
; CLAY' A CO.. Steinwav representatives.
A I N WAY $175; STECK $150: STKKL-
lng $100; Ladd $60. BRCENN'S, 228 Post.
PIANOS— DO YOU- WANT ONE? FINEST
stock on the Pacific coast. THE F. AY. SPEN-
CER CO., 933 aiarket st. _^^
TEINAA'AY BABY' GRANT), NEARLY NEW,
at asacritice. THE F. W. SPENCER CO.,
933 Market st.
EFOR E"B LYING SEE HAINE BROS.', BUSH
A Gerts and Knabo pianos; at wholesale
prices. A. L. BANCROFT A- CO.. 324 Post 8L
CALOSING OUT A COMPLETE LINK OF
/""•CLOSING OUT A COMPLETE LINE OF
\J small goods at prices less than goods cost
landed in New York; just the chance to buy a line
Instrument for your summer outing at small out-
lay; violins. $1 35: mandolins, $3 35; guitars, ,$3;
antoharps, $1; accordiocs. flutes, banjos, piccolos,
cases for instruments, violin outfits, etc.; new
pianos for rent and sole. J. HARRY SCOTT, 923
Market Spreckels bulldinz.
(lOC FINE CHICKERING; SCHMITZ, 16
JZiU. McAllister St., next to Hlbernia Bank.
HICKKRINO, KNABE, STECK.VOSE, MTER-
J ling pianos; see our new piano for $187; pianos
ior rent. BENJ. CURTAZ A SON. 16 O'Farrell.
BYRON MAUZY, 308 POST ST.-SOHME-C
Newby A Evan., Rrlggs and other planoi.
OUPERIOR A'IOLINsT^.ITHERS. OLD& NEW
O 11. MULLER. maker, repairer. '.! 1 .r. ; I, a m nl n-e.
LEGAL NOTICES.
IN THE SU PE RIOB COURT I N* an ITT*o R
the City and County of San Francisco, State of
the City and County of San Francisco, State of
California— Department No. 9 (Probate).
in the matter of tbe estate of DAVID GOOD-
ALE, deceased. Order to show cause why order
of sale of real estate should not be made.
A. <■: FRKESE, the administrator of the estate
of DAVID GOODALE, deceased, having filed his
petition herein, duly verified, praying for an
order of sale of the whole of the real estate of said
decedent, for the purposes therein set forth,
It Is therefore ordered by the said court that c!l
persons interested in the estate of Bald deceased
appear before tbe said Superior Court on Monday,
I the 18th day of July, 1896, at 10 o'clock in the
forenoon of said day, at tne courtroom of . Depart
ment No. 9 (Probate) of said Superior Court, at
the new City Hall in the City and County of San
Francisco, State of Cat If orn'a, to show cause why
an order should not be granted to the said amlnis-
trator to sell so much of the real estate of the said
deceased as shall be necessary.
And that a copy of this order be published at
least once a week for 4 successive week, in the
San Francisco Call, a newspaper printed and
published In said City and County.
Dated June 12, A. D. H96.
J. V. COFFEY, Judge of the Superior Court.
J. D. SULLIVAN, Attorney for Petitioner. Chron-
icle building, San Francisco, Cal.
PURSUANT TO A DECREE OF FORKCL<>
A sure and sale, made in the Circuit Court of the
First Circuit of the republic of Hawaii May 12
1896, notice Is hereby given tbat the property
hereunder described will be sold at public auction
at the Courthouse (Alilolanl Hale) In Honolulu
island of Oahu, H. - on AVednesday. August 26*
1896, at 12 o'clock noon. P. c. JONEs,
Receiver of Lanai Ranch.
This property is known as the Lanai Ranch, lo-
cated on the Island of Lanai, comprising 11,500
acres more or less In lee simple, and leases of 48,-
- acres more or less of Government lands, the
most valuable or which do not expire until 1916-
- annual rentals are about $1800. '
This estate is well fitted for a sheep ranch, hay-
ing ample houses for all purposes, all in good re-
pair, with < Interns, wooished and oress, and a
flo:k of 24,000 sheep, 550 head of cattle and 200
horses by actual count.
The lan-is are capable of carrying 100,000 sheep
and 10,000 bead of cattle.- As a sheep run it Is
the most valuable on the islands. The lands now
owned and controlled by present owners virtually
control the entire is'and of LanaL
There are rich grasses suitable for breeding and
fattening of stock, and are entirely free from lan-
tana; there are no mongoose or wild dogs on the
Island.
Steam communication between Lanal and Hon-
olulu every week.
A map showing all the lands controlled by the
estate and a detailed schedule of the property to
De sold can be seen and further particulars can be
had at the office of Messrs. AVelch A Co., 220 Cali-
fornia St., San Francisco.
Terms of sale will De cash in United States gold
coin.
Honolulu, May 15, 1896. ......
.F. C. JONES. Receiver. .
•personals.
pTintlTcaeYn in busin'es4Y"fl^i7L~inY
" "f come, wants to meet a lady between 27 and 86;
obj?ct. mutual benefits. Address S. J., box 108,
Cal Office. ,**-.".■ i ■■ ; - ■ . -- -
CURE- CURE FOR- POISON OAK. RING-
O worms and other skin troubles: eczema re-
lieved: improves complexion; externally applied :
sent by mall for 25 cents. Address P. O. box
2053, San Francisco, Cal.
lAMONDS, GOLD AND SILVER BOUGHT
at their full value. 806 Market st., Phelan
building, room 7. .
RS. DR. PORTER. CHIROPODIST AND FA-
cial artist: wrinkles removed; purest toilet
articles. 126 Kearny St., room 47.
DR. J. M. EDMUNDS, SPECIALIST; DIS-
eases of nose, throat; dentistry. Cal. A Kearny.
A DVICE FREE; DIVORCE LA AY'S A SPE-
VA cialty; private: no charge unless Fuccessfnl; all
law suits, claims, collections, wills, deeds, etc., at-
tend edtc-GW^O\yE^Uy-at-law. -50 Market st
"PARISIAN MILLINERY SCHOOL; A FULL
A course taught in six weeks: competent gradu-
ate* guaran. eed positions. 8 Golden date aye.
VOID EVILS. SEE di;. HARDCASTLE
on sex science, etc., 628 Montgomery, room 1
1" ADIES, IF YOU HAVEN'T YET TRIED
JJ having your hair dressed by G. LEDFRER,
111 Stockton st, do lt: you will be pleased witn
both his price (25c) and work; don't forget the
number; he has imitators.
aTr DRESSING^ 25c- MANICURE, 25c: |
face treatment. BUTLER'S, 131 Post st.,r. 20
7"*! LOAKS, CAPES AND SUITS RETAILED AT
\J tnauufrs' cost. Factory, 20 Sansome, upstairs.
THE ECONOMY" MILLINERY, 40 SIXTH ST.;
selling out at cost; store and fixtures for sale.
ARTINGTON'S SCHOOL OF MAGAZINE i
and Newspaper Illustration; day and evening I
classes: instructors, J. H. E. Partington. Gertrude I
Partington, R. L. Partington. Particulars 424 Pine. I
I~jAi_GR EXCHANGE, 630 MARKET ST.;
-IA fine edge put on razor for 25 cents.
"WATCH AND JEWELRY REPAIRING:
'" low prices first-class work guaranteed. Give
a trial to J . N. BRIT TAIN, 20 Geary, nr. Kearny.
{ i EO. AY. PHELPS, A'FtORNEY-aT-LAW, 215
VT Sansome St., room 4.
QUITS TO ORDER ON INSTALLMENTS TO
VJ guaranteed parties, $15 upward. Cut-rate
Taloriug Company.l 117 Market 7th and Bth.
1 IBERAL ADVANCES ON DIAMOND.-*, JEW-
J elry, etc.: lowest rates. 948 Market sL
1 lIIUI CARDS. $160; SHOW CARDS, 15cT
l'Jv'U tel. Black 141. HILL 22 Gearyst?. r. 39.
\ TTHE VERY LOWEST EASY TERMS YOU
UK can buy furniture, carpets, blankets, etc. : also
dress .goods, cloaks, jewelry, at M. .ROTHS-
CB 1 1.TCS, 213-215 Mason st. ; open evenings.
IP LECTRIC LIGHT'S IN EVERY ROOM |
J WinobestOr House, 44 Third BL, near Market:
200 rooms, 25c to $1 50 per night: $1 50 to $6 per
week; free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
<3 STROZYNSKI. LEADING LADIES' HAIR-
O. dresser, removed to 24 Geary. Popular prices.
ITY' OF PARIS LAUNDRY, FORMERLY 132
Geary, ren-.cved from Lnrktn st. to .119 Stock-
ton; first-class l.uindry. MRS. JAUSSAUD.
IG OUTDOOR STEREOPTIC'ONSHOVV EVE-
ry night cor. Market and Sixth sts. ; artistic ad-
vertisements In living light; promoters of busi-
ness. Consult OWL ADV. CO.. 1 40 Market st.
OLD GOLD. SILVER, GENTS' AND LADIES'
clothing bought. COLMAN. 4', 3a. cor. Jessla.
ORESS3IAKERS.
DRESSES $2 UP; WRAPPERS 85 CENTS UP;
lawn $1 up. 505*14. Natoma st,. above Sixth.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
ALL HAIL! PROFESSOR F. EUGENE.
"BE WISE. BE WISE. BE WISE.
Knowledge is power. Remain not In "darkness,
but seek the light of wisdom aud learn what the I
future holds for you. All are pleased with his j
readings. His powers excite the wonder and ad-
miration of all. He gives advice on all matters of
Interest to humanity. If you are in trouble or are
unsuccessful consult him at once. Read his Sun-
day's advertisement. Hour. 10 a.m. to Bp. m.
Letters with stamp answered.
PROFESSOR F. EUGENE,
1728 Market st.
SSISTANCE AND ADVICE
-l*Y that makes the unhappy, broken-hearted and
unfortunate happy and .successful.
PROFESSOR M. L. CARNELLE,
The world-renowned clairvoyant and business me-
dium, may be consulted In love, marriage, court-
ship, divorce, business, lawsuits and mining spec-
ulations; restores lost affections, removes evil in-
fluences, bad habits, etc.; the future plainly re-
vealed, lovers united, troubles healed, brinas the
separated together, causes a speedy and happy
| marriage with the one of your choice; reveals
everything you wish to know concerning the fu-
ture. Those wishing to consult a genuine medium
call on PROF. .M. 1.. CARNELLE, 220 Eddy st. !
Letters with stamp answered. Hours— to 9
dally and Sundays.
PROF. C. LEON, 1007 MARKET, NR. SIXTH;
A wonderful power; advice on business, specula-
' tion, love, marriage, divorce; tells of friends and
; enemies: tetters with stamps ans. 9 to 8; also Sun.
ME. STEWART, THE SEVENTH DAUGH-
ter, Is a born medium . guarantees you a true
likeness of future hnsbani or wife: materialize! :
before your own eyes, so tin fraud Is practiced upon
the public, tor 50c and 91 j call and be convinced of |
her wonderful gift.' Rooms Sand 4, 917 "Market st. !
ME. TRUE, CELEBRATED GYPSY. GIA'ES
infallible love charms to all; unprecedented
success iv New York City; greatest card reader on j
the coast. Rooms 44-45, 306 Stocktou st. Hours j
9 to 8; elevator. ■:.
I Vf ME. PORTER, WONDERFUL CLAIR |
i'l ant, card-reader, born v.-iih a douole veil and
second sight; ladles 50c, gents $1; palmistry and
clairvoyant sittings $1 50. 126 'Turk st., nr. Jones. ;
ME. LEG ETT PRESENT. PAST AND
future: 25c. 311 Tehama, upstairs, nr. Fourth.
VI ME. RAVENA READS LIFE FLUENTLY':
-i'l business advice: name* given up. 5 Fourth.
ME. MOREAU, BEST MEDIUM: REVEALS
past, present, future; 25c up. 764 Howard St.
YPs'Y'^ LIFE-READER; LADIES 25c;
gents 50c; all questions answered. 5 Seventh.
Al ME. ARNDT. BEST FORT I TELLER IN
■Ii- the world: 50c and $1, shows you the nlctureof
your future husband or wife. 4 Twelfth. cor.Markes
ME. SYBILLE TELLS FROM CRaDLE TO
the grave: fee 25 cents. 914 O'Farrell st.
ETURNED, AVOIhLD-HENOAVNED 51 ME.
SCHMIDT, from the principal cities; tells past,
present and future: prices moderate. Xf>6 Mission.
SI'iRITUALtSM.
SPIRITUALISM.
IS HOP RRISON IS NOW AT 1370 MA TG
ket St. ; seances every night except Mondays
and Thursdays: 2 Independent slate-writing,
materialization and trumpet manifestations; pri-
vate sittings daily, *1: chairs for seance 260;
grand developing circle baturday night; hours
from 9 to 4 daily.
TEST CIRCLE TO-NIGHT, 10c. MME?
YOUNG. 605 McAllister. Skeptics Invited.
pEMOYAJ .— ADDIE SWAIN. ASTRAL BEER
Jt and psychic physician, 14 McAllister st., near
Jones, rooms 18 and -0: no fee except as a gift.
IRENE 1 TH, MEDIUM; CIRCLES MON.,
Wed., Fri., Bp. m.: sittings daily, lis sixth.
Vi RS. DR. W. MIRANDAS,
t'J The celebrated spiritual medium, gives $1
discount to nil her patients who return this cou-
pon; she d -sire-, to make known her wonderful
power over the sick, tioubled and affilcted: your
life described from cradle to the grave; gives you
success and happiness; diagnoses from lock of
hair; letters with stamp ans.; sittings $1; hours 10
to 8; closed Fridays. 1206 Market st.
f ONELLA. SPIRITUAL AND TEST MEDIUM,
Xj recently of New Y*ork, tells you how to be pros-
perous in business: locates mines: sittings daily;
hours Ito 6. Parlors 8 and 9, 318 Kearny st.
RS. KATE HOSKINS, TRANCE AND Hi -i
ness medium; sittings daily; $1. 136 Oak st.
ME. DR. THOMAS, CLAIRVOYANT 25
vrs. Kearnv, now 920 Post: fee $1; letter $2.
— —^ —^ —^— — mm^^mm, — — .^— . mm mmmm I
ASTROLOGY.
FAHOALYa^n-BOlA^
Vital remedies remove all chronic troubles and
restore to perfect nealih. 811 Hyde St., 10 to 3.
R. MEAD ANSWERS ALL QUESTIONS BY
planets: dally or by mall, $2, 36 Geary st.
DENTISTS.
•t?Trs?^ulass~l^ fTrsT^CLARS
A prices; first-class results: painless extraction
and painless implantation of teeth. AY. C. HAR-
DING, CM.. M.D., 500 Sutter st., corner Powell.
I R. DUCKETT, 1703 PciVf ST., NEAR BU-
XJ cnanan; gas given; crown and bridge work.
R.L. T. CRANZ— EXTRACTION PAINLESS,
crown work, bridge work and teeth without
plates a spec. 103 Geary St., cor. Grant ay-?.
/VROOME DENTAL ASSOCIATION, 759 51 A
\J ket, bet. 3d and 4th. gas specialists: only reli-
able agent for painless extraction; artificial teeth
inn $5; fillings frm $1 extracting 50c, with gas s!■•
<C_7 A SET FOR TEETH: AVARRANTED AS
•J) I. good as can be made: filling $1. Dr. SIMMS,
dentist, 980 Market St.. next Baldwin Theater.
T\H.~LI'DLUM HILL, 1443 MARKET ST.,
XJ near Eleventh: no charge for extracting whei
plates are made; old plates made over like new;
teeth from $8 per act; extracting 50c; gas given.
"JYULL •-**■"■' OF TEETH, $7; WARRANTED
J five years. DR. V. CAVALSKY. 24 sixth su
ET OF TEETH WITHOUT A P_.__i'i_. DR. a.
O ii. YOUNG, 1841 Polk st. 
I vit. GEORGE W. LEEK, THE GENUINE
XJ Leek dentist, discoverer of painless extraction
and patentee of Improved bridge work at teetn
without any plate, moved from oto 20 Farrell si.
pAINLESS EXTRACTION. 60c; CROWN
A bridge work a specialty; plates, $5 up; 13 yean'
experience. RL. AVALSH. D.D.S.. 816*4 Geary.
/ iOLTON DENTAL ASSOCIATION*. bO6 MAR-"
■L" ket St. DR. CHARLES AY. DECKER.
DU. J.J. LEEK, 1206 MAR KET, COR. GOLDEN
Gate aye.— Open evenings: Sundays till noon.
~\lX-Y WORK ; REASONABLE AND AVAR-"
JA ranted. DR. JW. KEY, 112' i Market a;. :
PHYSICIANS. j
EMoVEDYTH!_tY(rcirorDo?o^
Market sl : diseases of woman a specialty.
DON'T FAIL TO CONSULT- DR JORDAN AT
bis museum, 1051 Market St.; his 30 years'
successful practice is a guarantee of fair treatment;
the wont cases treated satisfactorily by mail.
CITY REAL ESTATE.
tfi_l£-P_ll -STH ST.; NORTH SIDE: 320
i[P IUOU. feet west of Chirch; 53:4x114.
CHAS. C. FISHER. 507 California st.
•iii 111 '£---_- •* BARGAIN: RENTS $I*llo
(JpiU.OUU. per annum: 35x137:6; Sacra-
mento su, near Hyde; no agent. Apply Call Office.
C. BE Mis.
C. BEMis. '. ~
• REAL ESTATE AND LAND AGENT,
524 MONTGOMERY.
FOR SALS. •
$2600— E. side of Stanyan St., bet. Carl and
Frederick; 25x100 feet.
$450— San Carlos Villa lot: 100x150 feet.
$6700— 50x127:6 feet ou Jackson st., overlook-
ing the Presidio and bay. . '
$6000—2 modern houses of 8 rooms each, at
park: 26x137:6 feet: electric road pa^s-j houses;
make otter.
$2500— 2-story 8-roomed house on Harrison St.,
bet. First ana Fremont.
$8500— Elegant N \V. comer of Cole and Carl sts.
$300— Choice building lots north of nark.
An nn A bargain; neav residence
f^p'AA'AJl-'. of 7 rooms, bath and modern Im-
provements: Mission warm b street work done;
lot 28x125. Apply to BALDWIN A HAMMOND,
10 Montgomery st., or 15 Chattanooga sl,, nr. 21st.
NLY $5110 CAt-H, BALANCE AS RENT, IF
desired, new and very handsomely decorated
and finished residence, near panhandle; unob-
! structed marine view, and overlooking the park:
every room sunny; strictly modern. Apply at
2203 Fulton st. : take Hayes or McAllister-street
cars to the park.
SUBSTANTIAL, MODERN HOUSE BUILT
O at from $150 to $275 a room; call and see
plans. JAMES McCONAHEY*, 1149 Mission st.
HEAP — ONE 2-STORY HOUSE. LOT; 7
/'rooms; bath; finished basement: rooms decor-
| ated; electric wire: speaking tubes: stone walks.
On AV'allerst., nr. Stanyan, i,_ block O. Gate Park.
Q_'ll li(*l COTTAGE 6 ROOMS AND BATH
VpJmiXW. on lot 60x122, near station; terms
easy; $400: lot 40x120; $25 down, $5 monthly.
CHARLES A. BAILEY, 20 Montgomery st.
COUNTRY REAL ESTATE.
mT^VTwY -tTA^CRE^YXDJOI^INirfoi^^
tJp«J«Jv'U. Sonoma County; 12 acres orchard,
bearing; house, barn, windmill and tank: also sev-
eral fine lots in the town: all level, black loam
land ; sale or exchange for larger tract.
f OT 50X140 IN EAST OAKLAND, HOUSE
JU of 9 rooms and basement, for sale or exchange;
will accept vacant lots in baa Francisco.
Q-9l f\f\ 20 ACRE-. OF CHOICE LAND
CiP-iIUV.I. with 17 acres in peaches 4 or 5 years
old; half a mile from station and railroad; very
cheap: $600 cash, balance to suiL
EDWIN K. ALSIP & CO., room 29, second
floor, Mills building, San Francisco.
AN MATEO CITY' LARGE LOT, 100x180, ON
IO Griffith aye.: cheap for cash. ' Address H. P.,
607 Capp st., city.
L'"»R KENT CHEAP. 80-ACRE RANCH ON
X Petaluma Creek; buildings, etc.
AA'anted— Ranch property In bay counties; any
one wanting to sell should list with in.
SHAND A RIBLET, Novato, Marin Co.
S. F. office— Room 3, second floor. Mills building.
A*' RUIT ORCHARD - 10-ACRE TRACTS',
J fruit cannery connected with orchard: work
for men by tbe year: women and children during
fruitseason: splendid opportunity for man with
family to make good borne. Write for particular-.
JOHN T. HALL. Alameda.
A LAMEDA COUNTY FRUIT LAND;
-A choicest in the State: selling in tracts. 5 acres
upward, $35 per acre: adjoining lands held at $100
per acre; owner forced to sell: '. <■_ boars from
San Francisco: easy terms; tit._ perfect. 67
Chronicle building 'jjuftUfflHtiiffTlMlHi-
MARL*" COUNTY— 3OOO ACRES _6. MILES
from city: lo s any size; trait, grain, vegeta-
ble land ; rail or water transit; $40 to $75 per
acre; terms to suit. Syndicate Investment Com-
pany, 65 Chronicle building.
i "LIOR HOMES IN_ LtTsiTA IOS OR ORCHARDS
i X in the vicinity or in Santa Cruz Mountains call
; or address C. R. STETSON, DO.x 298, with B. IL
Noble & Co.
AMiR SALE TO THE HIGHEST BIDDER
x for cash, 10 acres of Tragedy prunes on the
trees; crop anout ten tons. Apply ROBERT
JACKS, 214 Brannan st.
lITTLE HOMES CLOSE TO TOWN: 15L
J-J proved; easy terms; also 4, 6 and 12 acre
pieces on 8 and 10 years' credit; 3 partly- Improved,
with small bouse, etc D. ii. TWING, Sonoma
City. Inquire 632 Market St., S. F.
SEND FOR OCR LIS 1* OF ORCHARD IIU-HtS
for sale. POST KB A- AVHITTON. San :«..
SURURRAN REAL ESTATE.
ALTA PC NT aT^TctT^^E^EmYh-^HE
bay region, 906 acres subdivided: 3 miles
north of Berkeley, 8 from Oakland; 47 minutes
\ from San Francisco; lots 60x200 ieet, from $80 to
! $-00; small deposit; easy installments; Send for
beautiful map with prices and terms. GEORGE
V. llAlGlir. -.'-JO Bansoma st.. San Francisco. Cal.
PROPERTY TO EXCHANGE.
MODEL HOME OF 10 ICRESAT LOsTvATOS^
1000 fruit trees, house, barn, windmill, tank:
everything Included: want city improved; will
■ pay difference or will sell on easy terms. '-. ;;;-.
EXCHANGE FOR IMPROVED BERKELEY'
property — 54 acres near Castroville; 18 acres
: in orchard, 15 hay, balance wood and pasture;
; house born and splendid water supply; price
I $5500 clear. I. SCHARFF, 20 Montgomery st.
! nn bargains— WHAI- D<J~YOU AVANT?
| UW 20 houses and lots from $1250 to. . .$lO,OOO
Residence property, clear. 12,000
60 ranches, all sizes, irom $ii;o to 30,000
j 100 business places, all kinds, from -50 to. 4.000
H. C. DECKER. 10-1) Market St., opposite Fifth.
' dy/| ACRES TIMBER LAND, KERN CO.:
I J -.OD wnter: fine for cat b-r-i • n-;.N. 16. Ca1l
_______ __ _ oax^ —
MONEY TO LOAN.
ANY AMOUNT; IST, 2D or 3D MORTGAGES:
estates, undivided Interests, real estate In pro-
bate. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery", room 3.
TAIRECT 55 YOUR FURNITURE OR PIANO:
XJ no removal: no delays; no commissions: low
Interest. Rm. 68. Donohue bldg. 1170 Market, St.
JOS. R. TOI'LiTZ HAS $11.0.00- 1 TO LOAN ON
life insurance policies, 88 i Pine st.
OANS ON FURNITURE. PIANOS AND
diamonds: confidential. Loom 107, 6 Eddy st.
"j ST A 2D MORTGAGES! INTERESTS IN X*
A tateB lowest rates too delay .MURPHY.62B 51 rkt.
t DVANCES ON DIAMONDS.JEWELRY". ETO
_r V Columbia Loan A Collator*! Office. 9 Grant avu.
*] OANS ON REAL ESTATE IST OR 2ND
AJmortgages, furniture or pianos; no removal; any
amount: low rates. BECKER, 328 Montgomery.
DVANCES ON DIAMONDS, AVATCUEsT
jewelry, also on furniture, pianos, without re-
moval: lowest rates. BALDWIN JEAVELUY
STORE, 948 Market St.: open evenings.
OANS ON* BONDS, DIAMONDS, AVATCHES,
jewelry, silverware, sealskins, silks and instru-
ments; interest . low: private entrance: private
rooms; discreet attendants, at UNCLE HARRIS,
15 Grant aye.
VfONKY" LYING IDLE; TAKE AT $5 INTER-
I*l est per month for each $1000; same rate sec-
ond mortgage or life Insurance. Coin, box 2. Call.
YjONEY LOANED ON JEWELRY" AND
i'l other valuables at the Security Loan OtflfSk
J Hit) . Market nt.,nr. Mason: private entrance 7 'I uric.
PAWNBROKERS.
A T 128 KEARNY SIY ROOM 9^-MONRY
XV loaned, watches, diamonds, etc.; low rates: pri-
vate rooms: elevator: pledges for sal i cheap.
■ ' i
MEoicAL. :*;?
MKOICAL.
TN ST PTUTE Of" PNEUn_-_TOPATIIY' FOR
J- henling and instructions; 2729 Jackson st.,
hours, 10 to 5; consultation free; call or write for
our "New Methods"; the poor healed free.
LL CASES OF IRREGULARITIES RE-
stored In a few hours: safe and sure relief
guaranteed: travelers helped without delay; pri-
vate home In confinement; regular graduate
physician; 30 years' successful practice; MEDI-
CAL ELECTRICITY used; ladles, consult the
doctor before going elsewhere; you will save time
and expense; consultation free and confidential.
MRS. DR. AVY'ETH, 916 Tost st., near Larkin.
R. PENA CHECK IT IN 24 HOURS;
prompt relief : successful treatment; diseases
of both sexes a specialty. 7 Oram ay?.
NEW PROCESS— NO MEDICINE, INSTRU-
ment or worthless pills used ; every woman her
own physician for all female troubles, no matter
from what cause; restores always in one day;
! can be sent and used at borne: all cases guaranteed :
if you want to be treated safe and sura call on a
man's physician. DR. POPPER, 318 Kearny st.
BLESSING TO LADIES— INSTANT RE-
llef for monthly irregularities (from whatever
cause) by the most experienced ladies' physicians
in San Franolsco, who restore all cases at once by
an Improved method, superior to others: ladies
will save time and money: bo assured of honest
treatment by consulting the doctors before calling
elsewhere: patients who have been imposed upon
are specially invited; borne in confinement; ad-
vice free. DR. and MRS. DAVIES, 14 McAllister
St.. next Hlbernia Hank.
RB. GOODWIN. DISEASES OF AVOMEN A
specialty: unexcelled In restoring irregularity
or other conditions; home In confinement: best of
care: low fees; pills $2.* Removed from 1370
Market st. to 904 McAllister st.
J~ ADIES. CON SULT- FREE MRS. DR. SCOTT,
- 216 Powell st.; only qualified specialist; $500
for case I fall to cure: diseases of the eyes treated.
ECARD'S PILL*— DISEASES OF MEN A
specially: also "Pine Baths." Booms 3 und 4,
MacDonough building, Oakland. ..
bs. DR. WEGENER TAKES ladies be-
fore and during confinement: infants adopted
into good homes; -treats all female complaluts-or
irregularities successfully. , 419 Eddy st.
IF IRREGULAR ANY FEMALE Dis-
ease see MRS. DR. PUETZ. 2b4'/_ Fourth St.
•VTICE PRIVATE HOME IN CONFINEMENT;
Ja all female diseases treated: expert physicians;
terms moderate. Office. 235 Kearny st., room 9.~
PRIVATE HOME IN CONFINEMENT. MRS."
DR. FUNCKE, 1416 Eighth St., Alameda,
URE CURE FOR ALL FEMALE DISEASES,
from whatever cause; a home lv confinement
with every comfort; satisfaction guaranteed, by
MRS. DR. GAVY'EK, 226 Turk st.
DR, HALL. 14 MCALLISTER STREET, NEAR
■Jones. Diseases of women and children. . .
LPEAU'S. FRENCH"-TLLS-A BOON TO
ladles troubled wiih irregularities; no danger:
safe and sure; $2 60 --._ press 0. O. D. : don't delay
until too lata OSGOOD BROS., Oakland. CaL ■■•
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE—9OB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND IIKAL ESTATE.
ITC RURgTTT~~~~
U SAN LKANDRO AND HAYWARDS LOCAL
Southern Pacific Company.
Direct fast ferry trains. Distance and timeshorter
than to Alameda or Berkeley.
FrOm -,„ ' From
San Francisco. ! SfSifiS p™. I ' Fitchburg to
Foot of Market 0„,„""dr „' ! »San Franclsc.
Street of Broadway, j and Oakland.
*6:00 a »8:36 a •. 6:30 a
8:00 a 8:36 a • 9:00 a
9:00 a 9:36 a 10:00 a
10:00 a . 10::.'6 a i 11:00 a .
♦11:00 a *11:38 a .. 12:00 a
2:00 ' 2:36 1:0t» p
3:00 p 3:36 p 4:00 P
_ :00 4:36 5:00 ,
5:00 p . 6:36 P 5:30 p
6:30 p 6:05 p 7:00p ,
7:00 p 7:36 P 8:00 p
8:00 P 8:36 P 9:00 p
9:00 P 9:36 p 10:05 p
**11:16p »*ll:sip j **11:45
* Huns thr -ngh toN'iies. ** Mondays, Thursdays
and Saturdays, a Forenoon. 1* Afternoon.
Fitchburg is 45 minutes from San Francisco on
the S. P. main line 10 Nlies, Livermore and San
Jose. San Leandro and Haywards electric cars
cv. ry few minutes 10 Fruitvale. Oakland and Ala-
meda, which cities It in Immediately adjacent to
and rivals as a eioice locality for homes. All
the conveniences of a metropolis without tie pay-
ment of city taxes. The first cos' of a lot In a city
Will buy aquarter to a half block in Fitchburg. Be
first to get In and grow up with the town. Lots 25
and 50 by 100 to .00 only $100-0 $-00. Small
cash payment, balance easy terms. Look at un-
sightly tracts, then come to the promising town of
Fl'.chbura for lots at reasonable prices.
W. F. McCLURE, 19 Montgomery St., S. F.
THAD. S. FITCH, Fitchburg.
07x75 FEET, ON FRANKLIN ST., AVITH
OTx7 If 1-T.ET, ON FRAN KLIN ST., AVITH
O I improvements: business corner; must be sold
to close an estate; the chance of a lifetime: no
reasonable offer refused. Apply to A. H. BLOW,
1010 Broadway. Oakland.
ARGAIN, $1475; EASY TERMS; AYE ST
Oakland, close to local: 6-room house, mod-
ern improvements; lot 30x125. WILLIAM P.
TODD, 1002 Broadway, Oakland.
tJjQ'AA ELEGANT SUBURBAN RESI-
«JpOUW. dence and grounds, with 3 acres, for
sale; formerly sold at $18,000. ALDEN &KRO-
NENBEhG. 902 Broadway, Oakland.
<Jj;Q,-r7k 1° ACRES, EAST OF DITV A LX
<3>O«JV». ALDEN A KRONENBERG. 903
Broadway, Oak. and.
fi> 1 '.)r/| 2 ACRES; 4-ROOM HOUSE, BARN
rip IOtJV'. and orchard. ALDEN A KRONEN-
BERG, 902 Broadway, Oakland.
OAKLAND HOUSES TO LIST.
rYoir_U_NTYTc^TTAGEB: -'MODERN: 6 AND
X 6 rooms: $15 amlsl6; large lots near Berkeley.
J. 11. EPSON. 908 Broadway. Oakland.
OAKLAND FLATS TO LET.
qTo N MOD N~7^X»-^FLATsrNO
tiP-10. dark or Inside rooms: stove in Kitchen:
dumbwaiter; water and ash-man free; central;
near Adeline station: apply. at once. A. 11.
BREED & CO., 460 Ninth st., Oakland.
OAKLAND ROOMS AND BOARDING.
SUNKT UNFURNISHED F'K'NT LOOMS;
U stable If desired. 1525 Broaflway, Oakland. .
ARIPOS A— MRS. EMMA W. ADaMS—
Newly furnisned or unfurnished rooms en
suite or single: also, first-class table board. 566
Eleventh su, near Jefferson, Oakland, Cal.
*l**ourtf;exth AND t.'AsTRO—TO let.
X with board, 2 front rooms furnished; southern
and eastern exposure. 1203 Castro st.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE—I43S PARK STREET.
ALAMEDA HEAL ESTATE.
«JP-I V\J\J. (toorder!: lot 40x160; street sewered
and graded: will build 5-room modern cottage on
tbis lot for $1650; call and see plans. J. H.
YOUNG, 1243 Park St., Alameda.
*T HAVE TO OFFER FOR A FEAV DAYS
HAVE TO OFFER FOR A FEAV DAYS
J. only 4 lots located In one of Alameda's choicest
localities: street work complete; these lots must
be sold and can be bought for 25 per cent less than
value. For further information tall on or address
A. H. BLOW* "010 Broadway, Oakland.
STORY: NEW; 10 ROOMS: ALL MODERN
improvements: finely furnished; gas and
water: o: ly $5500: lar--e lo:.
To rent—Four finely furnished houses; also un-
furnished. JUDD, 1424 Park St., Alameda.
$.■*(-*.__ \l\ BEAUTIFUL NE W MODERN
OUUUu. two-story house, finely finished and
.beautifully frescoed: large rooms: Central aye.,
one .lock west of Park st.; it will surely please
you: investigate; terms to suit. G. B. M. GRAY,
'163 Ninth st.. Oakland.
*]*> AKG A IN-$1350; NEA It >AI)AVAY: LOT
JJ 45:, 150: house of six rooms: $350 cash;
balance $13 35 per month. WILLIAM P. TODD,
1002 Broadway, Oakland.
OMES BUILT ON TERMS AVITHIN THE
reach of all; rare chance to secure a home on
easy terms: 4, 5, 6 and 7 room cottages and 2-story
dwellings on easy terms: from $2000 up: $150
cash; balance on easy monthly payments to suit.
Address A. R. DKNKK. real estate, architec: and
builder. 1502 Seventh si . Alameda. '^
ALAMI-DA ROOMS TO LET.
i 111■: rooms~s^tXbl!_^6r~el&
X erly coif or valid. 416 Eighth St., Alameda.
Q~'-C^6-N-CT.~SUN N V Ri )OMs IN_NE\V COT^
_> TO 6 NICE SUNNY ROOMS IN NEW COT-
tO tage; furnished for-housekeeping: near both
trains: Alameda. P.. box 2. Call _____ Oakland.
DLKKELEV heal ESTATE.
t/oiTsalel
X ;,'-y BERKELEY.
$1600—Modern 4-room bay-window cottage: lot
40x103: well, Link and windmill: garden: a bar-
gain; Stanley and Grove; electric cars; 4 minutes
to Adeline station; part cash. i. G. OELLE-
RICH. For particulars address Lorin PostolHce.
*VTO HESITATION ABOUT THIS-IT REALLY
i.* Is beautiful Berkeley and one of the prettiest
places for sale is that 6-room cottage nearstation
and electric cars, and within 10 minutes of uni-
versity: a lovely home. JOS. J. MASON, Berke-
ley Station.
JOSEPH J. MASON, REaL ESTATE AND
insurance agent, Berkeley station, adjoining
bank. • :-.**.-■
OOD HOMES FOR RENT OR FOR SALE
on easy terms. O. G. MAY A CO., real estate
and building. '.'l-3 Center s?.. Berkeley.
1".1.i:M.1.|-.V HOUSES.
I'"7-tOR~WKE T - CHOICEST""LOcYCtU)N~^IN
Berkeley: lot 100x270; fruits and flowers ga-
lore: 8 rooms, bath, laundry, etc.; all beautifully
furnished;' to first-class tenant long term. See
CAPTAIN MORRISON. Berkeley.
ATTOKNEYS-AT-LAW.
A DVICE FREE— DIVORCE LAWS A SPECI-
-'V alty; private; no charge unless successful: all
law suits, claims, collections, wills, deeds, etc., at*
tended to, G. W. HO AVK. att'y-at-law. 850 M-irkac
KAV. KING, ATTORNEY-AT-LAAV, GHBON-
. Icle bldg; advice free; moderate; open evngs.
E. ILL-PS— U.S. AND STATE COURTS;
. P.. E. titles and wills: money to loan on es-
tates; charges moderate. Offices 508 California sL
ry J. MURRAY, ATT'Y* AND COUNSELORAT
X . law: advice free. 24 Sixth st., rooms 14, 15.
-t\T W. DA VIDSON, ATTORNE Y-A l'-LAAV, 420
TT . California st.. rooms 14 and 15: advice free.
PROPOSALS.
I"^R(YpOSAL:r~FCJR~A CON LTU_TE^~BULK>
X bead and bituminous yard work—Sealed propo-
sals will be received by the Superintendent of
Common Schools in open session of the Board of
Education, new City Hall, San Francisco, on
AVednesday, Jnne 24. 1896. at 8:30 o'clock p. m.,
for reconstructing a concrete bulkhead and for bi-
tuminous yard work at the North Cosmopolitan
Grammer School in accordance with plans and
specifications (and thecon.itions mentioned there-
in) at th" office of Charles I. Havens, architect of
the board, room 55, Flood building, corner Fourth
and Market streets. The board reserves the right
to reject any or all bids as the public good may re-
quire. GEORGE BEA NSTON. Secretary.
.
.
LATEST SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
Movements of Trans-Atlantic Steamer*.
NEAV YORK— Arrived June 19-Stmrs Fuerst
Bismarck and Patrla, from Hamburg; stmr St
Louis, from Southampton: stmr Britannic, from
Liverpool..' •■•■
Sailed June 19-Stmr Norwegian, for Glasgow.
QUi".ENSTOAA'N-|Arrlved out Juue 19— stmr
Etruria. '
HAMBURG—Arrived out June 19-Stmr Nor
mannia.
SOUTHAMPTON-Sailod June 10-Stmr Co
lumbia, tor New York.
SClLLY—Passed June 19—Stmr Southwark, fm
New York for Antwerp.
MARRIAGE LlC__Ao__S. -, ..
The following marriage licenses were issued by
the County Clerk's office yesterday: .* -
C. 11. Foster and Alice V. Sebrenn, 21—18.
J. L. Cerf and Leah Goldsmith, 27—23. .
A. Ghioldc and Celestina Imsaud, 25—22.
J. A. Vandernool and Grace C. Falvev, 30—25.
H. Crapo and Ida Sicklesmith, 32 — 84.
T. G.Jones and Levicla Fairbanks, 41—27.
H. AVTlfert and-Eugenia U. Ruppel, 35—27. •
J. Coakley ar.d Teresa Rellty. 28—23.
biSUlts— HAK._iAffi—mm
[Birth, marriage anl death . notices sent mV.I
will not be . inserted. They must be handed In a:
either of. the publication office- nnd be Indorse.!
with the name and residence of pei_oa_ autitorizaJ
to have tne same published. J
HORN.
DAGEL—In this city. June 7, 1896, to the wife of
Edward B. Da.el. a son.
SLOCUM-pJnne 16, 1896, to the wife of C. B.
Slocum,' a daughter.
WILLIAMS— this city, June 14. 1898, lothe
wife oi .Frank J. AVilllatp* a daughter
MARRIED. .
GAMBLE— BAILEY— In Seattle, June 10,1836,
he the Rev. Hobar. N. hetwood, Thomas L. A.
Gamble, formerly of San Francisco, and Oulda
M. Bailey of Seattle.
LEE— HUBBELL-In this city, June 17, 1896,
by the Rev. W. D. Williams. D.D., James Rich-
ard Lee of Berkeley and Elizabeth Rawlins Hub-
bell of San Francisco.
VA'LOR-SHENCER— In " this city. June 6,
1896, by the Rev. W. D. Wili.ams, Byron Tavlor
and Belle P. Sp?ncer. both of san Francisco.
DIED.
Barry, John Kuhls, Mary K.
R -l-ley, Peter Landrv, Therence- •
Bowman. Charlotte McComb, General John
curtin, James McDonald, Mary M.
Davis, Katie • Malon -v, James
Exelby, Ellen F. Mansir," Henry C.
1- ord, Frfd F. m jus, George
Hauser, Julia Muller, Clarence O.
Hayes, George W. Reid, Ann
Ibiir---. William M. Rice. Charles B.
Kcenlg, Valentine F. Rogers, Mrs. Hannah
Korutnayer, Franz Schwab, NicoUui
Sproul. Edward
BARRY— In this city. Juno 18. 1893, John.
dearly beloved husband of Mc.rv Barry, and
loving father of Ne Up, Mar/ aid AVilllam
Barry, a native of Ire and.'
■KsT"Frlenas and acquaintance ..!•= r"sn9Ct.-
fuily Invited to attend tiie funeral THIS DAY
(Saturday), at 8:30 o'clock a. m., from his lata j
residence, 11 Essex street, thence to st. Bren-
dan's Church. Fremont and Harrison streets,
where a requiem high mass will oe cele-
brated for the repose of his soui, commencing at
9 o'clock a. M. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
BEIGLEY'-In this city. June 19. 1896, Peter, be-
loved husband of Mary Beigley, and father of
the late France 4 Beig.ey, and brother of the late
Mrs. Daniel Brady, a native of County Tyrone,
Ireland, aged 60 years.
BOWMAN— In this city, Charlo'.te Bowman,
daughter of Margaret. Bowman, and sister of
James, Kitty, Mamie and Alice Bowman, aged
28 year-.
CURTIN— In this city, June 19, 1896. James Cur-
tin, a native oi Ireland, aged 78 years.
DAVls— in the City and Oointy Hospital, June
19, 1896, Katie Davis, aged 21 years.
EXELBY-in this city. June 18,1896. Ellen I.,
dearly beloved wife of Arthur L. Exelby, and
beloved daughter of Patrick and Margaret Mc-
Cormick, and sisterof John and !._/.«• -dcC'or-
mlck. a native of Ban Francisco, aged 20 years
and 7 days. A member of Young L idles' Insti-
tute No. 20.
Friend, and acnnalntadces sr-> r»inec*.-
fully invited to attend the funerci TO-SIORROAV
(Sunday), at 9:30 o'clock a.m.. from her late
residence, 907 Illinois 'street. Potrero, thence 10
St. Tire a's Church, where a solemn requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose of her
soul, commencing at 10 o'clock a. m. Interment
Mount Calvary Cemetery.
Y. L. I.— Young Ladies' Institute, No. "20: You are
hereby notified to attend the funeral of our late
sister. Mrs. A. L. Exeiby, of : 07 Illinois street,
Potrero. MRs D. J. LUCEY, President.
""," M. Mekley, Secretary. .
FORD— In this city, June 18. 1" 96, Fred F„ be-
loved son of Henry C. and Katie A. Tor I. a na-
tive of sau Francisco, aged 7 months and 28
ii -.- J.
JSf_f"Friendi and acii'iaint..n.".'>» are r'in"?--.-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Tills >V V
(Saturday), at -O'clock p. m.. from the residence
of the parents, 406 Brannan street.
HAUSER— In this city, June 18, 1896. Julia,
dearly beloved mother of Christ and Katie Mau-
ser. Mrs. Julia Fr^y.-r and Mrs. Annie Emhoff,
a native Of Germany, a-i-d 53 yean 3 mourn*
and 5 days.
*s" Friends end Rcnunlntance* art* res >• • -
fuily invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock p. m.. from her late resi-
lience, 270 Tehama street, uearrourih, tnence 10
1. O. O. F. Ce. l -.. -iv.
HAVES— In interbay, near Seattle. AVash., April
HAVES— In Interbay, n":ir Scuttle. AVash., April
22, 1596. George W. Hayes, ex-Supervisor of
Seventh AVard, San Francisco, a native of Brook-
lyn, N. X., aged 62 years.
IBURG-In this city, Junt* 17, 1836. AVilliam M..
beloved husband of Anna E. Iburg, and father of
Mrs. J. Schimmelpfennig, William Iburg. Mrs.
A. Slunatt, Hermann, llenriette, Fred, Johnny
and the late Elizabeth Iburg. and brother of Mrs.
Rebecca Garbes. a native or Sudeleda, Hanover,
Germany, aged 63 years 3 months and 2 days.
"til" Friends and acquaintances ore ■■■■>■•■■
fully Invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock p. if., from his late resi-
dence, 608 Hermann street, between Fillmore
and Sieiner, thence to I. O. O. F. Hall, corner
Seventh and Market streets, where funeral
services will be held under auspices of California
Lodge No. 1, 1. O. O. F. lutermeut Laurel Hill
Cemetery.
KCENIG— In Paris, June 17, 1R96. Valentine
F.a'naut. wife of A. Ka-nig, and mother of Frank
and Dr. Charles J. Ku-nig.
KORNMAYER-In this city, June 19. 1895.
Franz, beloved husband of Minna, and father of
Lottie, Hattie and Anton Kornmayer, a native
of Wallenfels, Bavaria, Germany, aged 50 years
3 months and 9 days. A member of Fairmount
Circle No. 1030, C. F. . -
JO"i'r!ends and acquaintances and mem-
bers of the Schiller Bund are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock p. »i.. from his late resi-
dence, 423 Twenty-eighth street, between San-
chez and Nos. Interment Cypress Lawn Ceme-
tery.
KUHLS-In Alameda. June 18, 1596, Mary Eliza-
beth, beloved mother of Augusta L. and Elsa
Kuhls. and daughter of Mrs. E. M. I'oschwitz,
a_el 47 years 10 mouths and 10 day 3.
- ggj-Tbe funeral will take place THIS DAY
(Saturday), at 11 o'clock a. m.. from her late resi-
dence. 1727 Minturn street. Interment private.
Please omit flowers.
LANDRY— In tbis city, June 18, 1896. Therence,
beloved husband of Mary Landry, and father of
Eli. Daniel J., William A. and Joseph F. Landry.
S. J., a native of Louisiana, aged 66 years and 7
months.
■JS"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend tne funeral TO-MORROW
(Sunday), at 9:45 o'clock a. m.. from his late
residence, 718 Fell .street, thence to Sacred
Heart Church, corner Fillmore and Fell streets,
where a solemn mass »ill be celebrated for the
repose of his soul, commencing at lOo'clock a.m.
Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery. Omit
flowers.
GENTLEMEN'S SODALITY OF ST. IGNATIUS
Church— You are requested to attend the fnneral
of our late brother sodalist, Therence Landry,
as per above notice. By order,
James R. KELLY', Prefect.
• Chabltes A. McAulii-'--, Secretary.
McCOMB— In Temescal (Oakland), June 18.1896,
General John McComb. husband of Elizabeth,
and father of John, George S. and Lizzie Mc-
Comb, a native of New York, aged 67 years, •
gST Friends are resoectfullv Invited to atten!
the funeral services TO-MORROAV (Sunday), at
2 o'clock p. St., from the Masonic Temple, corner
Post and Montgomery streets, under the auspices
of California Lodge No. 1, F. and A. M. Inter-
ment Masonic Cemetery. Please omit flowers.
MCDONALD— In this city, June 19, 1898, Mary
M.. beloved wife of B. I- McDonald, a native of
Mercer County, Pa. [Mercer and Sharon (Pa.)
, papers please copy .J -..'„-- •' r ■'■- -': '.'. ■-:■
JKiTFrlends' and acquaintances and mem-
bers of the I. O. R. M. are resoectfullv
Invited to attend tbe funeral TO-MORROW
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock p. M.. from the par-
lors of A. W. Martin A Co., 118 Geary street. '
MALONEY- In Modesto. June 16. 1896, James,
beloved son of James and Anna Maloney, a na-
tive of Santa Cruz, aged 28 years 2 months and
4 days. : '.'V:*'
MANSIR— In this city. June 18, 3896, Henry Clay
Mansir. a native of Massachusetts.
£3" Friends ond acquaintances are r«»sn-»3<-.-
fully invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock p. m., to be held under
the auspices of Templar Lodge No. 17 and Ori-
ental Encampment No. 57. I. O. O. P., from Fra-
ternal Hall, L O. O. F. building. Y-Y
MILLS— In San Pablo, Contra Costa County. Juno
17, 1896, George Mills, a native of San Pablo,
aged 30 years 1 month and 7 days.
MULLER— In this city. June 19, 1896. Clarence
CctaviiH. dearly be!oved and only son of Chris-
tian and Lucy Muller, and brother of Mrs. G. E.
French, Mrs. C. Rosenthal. Mrs. T. A. Figel, Mrs.
AY. B. Lee, Adeline and Grace Muller, a native of
1- an Francisco, aged 17 years 5 months and 1
day. ■
gSirliiterraent private.
BE ID— ln Temescal. June 19, 1896, Ann. widow
of the late Charles W. Reid, a native of Scotland,
aged 73 years 10 months and 16 days.
*3~Frlenas and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to ■; attend the funeral services
MONDAY', June 22, at 2 o'clock lp. m., at
the Presbyterian Church, corner of Columbus
avenue and Cherry street. TemescaL Interment
Mountain View Cemetery.
RICE— In this city, June 18, 1896, Charles B.
Rice, a native of Santa Cruz, aged 30 years.
KOGERS-In this city. June 18.1898, Mrs Han-
nah Rogers, a native of Manchester, England,
aged 78 years. [Manchester . (England) papers
please copy. J • '."■'
■gyFrlends are invited to attend her funeral
THIS DA A' (Saturday), at 11 o'clock a. m..
from 3374 Seventeenth street, between Mission
and Valencia. Interment private, Laurel Hill
Cemetery.
SCHWAB— In Oakland, June 18, 1893. Nicolaus,
beloved : husband of Margaretha Schwab, and
father of Charles N. and Frank Schwab, a na-
tive of Mannheim, Germany, aged 73 years 1
month and 1 day.
Js3"Friends and acquaintance! are resn<»-*.-
fol'y Invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock p. v., from the residence
of his son, Charles N. Schwab. 1069 Twelfth
s'reet, Oakland. Interment Mountain View
Cemetery. :...:■
SPROUL-In this cltv. June 18. 1896, Edward
Sproul, a native of County Tyrone, Ireland, aged
.65 years. -.
- U^-Nottceof funeral hereafter. Remains at par-
lors of Carew A English. 19 A'an Ne3i avenue.
WALL— In this city,' June 19, 1896, Joseph D.
Wall, brother of Felix AVall, a native of New
York, N. A"., aged 27 years 6 months and 8 days.
T McAVOY & GALLAGHER, I
FUNKRAL Olf-IT'TORs & EMBALMRJCL
20 Fiftb St., Opp. Lincoin School.
Telephone 3080. V ,"i
1." 1 — — ■ inn i ■-!■■_ inirni— —
MOUNT OLIVET
CEMETERY,
TNCLUDING NATIVE SONS GOLDEN AVEST
-l Knights of Pythias, Improved Order Red Men,
Ancient Order Foresters and other cemetery asso-
ciations, San Ma'eo County: nearest cemetery to
the city ; non-sectarian, ls so sense exclusive:
PERFECT title GUARANTEED; location . unex- .
celled.
Please call at ofllce, 997 Market st,, before select-
ing burial place elsewhere.
1516
JAMES G. MAGUIRE
REACHES HOME.
He Will Remain Here and
Take -Part in the
Campaign.
SAYS SILVER WILL WIN
The Congressman Says the Silver
Men Will Not Trifle at
Chicago.
A SILVER PLANK AND MAN.
There Will Be No Straddle and No
Thought or Care What the
Goldbugs Do.
Congressman James G. Maguire arrived
home from Washington with his family
last evening. He will remain here during
the campaign and take an active part in it,
CONGRESSMAN JAMES G. .MAGUIRE, WHO RETURNED FROM WASHINGTON
LAST NIGHT.
both in behalf of his own fortunes in the
Fourth District, in which he is a candidate
for re-election, and in behalf of the party
and the silver cause.
Last evening at bis home, Mr. Maguire
expressed his satisfaction with the State
platform and his belief that the party will
at Chicago declare for free silver and
nominate a strong silver man, giving the
Democracy chances of success.
"The Democratic State Convention
adopted a good platform," he said, "and
of course I can't deny that it elected a
good delegation to Chicago.
"I approve the silver plank in the plat
form, of course, and I think it expresses
the sentiment of four-fifths of the party in
this State — yes, probably nine-tenths of it.
"The remonetization of silver will be the
issue of the campaign, and all others will
be overshadowed by it. I am satisfied
that the National Convention will not only
adopt a strong silver platform, but nomi
nate candidates who stand and who have
stood steadfastly for the same proposition.
The plank will not be a straddle. That
would be absolute folly.
"If the gold men have more than a
third of the convention the two-thirds
rule will be abolished instantly. The sil
ver men will be too much in earnest to
allow any mere precedent of party usage
to force them to nominate a gold or a
compromise candidate on a silver plat
form. It doesn't matter what the gold
men do. They will not bolt on account
of abolishing the two-thirds rule, as has
been suggested. If they are disposed to
bolt on the platform they may do it, but
it would be folly for them to swallow a
silver platform and bolt because a party
precedent was disregarded. The majority
of that convention will not stop to inquire
what the gold men will do.
"As to candidates there are a good
many available men, but no candidate has
assumed such a decided lead on the fight
as to make a prediction worth anything.
I can't say that I have any decided prefer
ences myself. I am personally well
acquainted with some of the leading
candidates and I naturally incline
to tbem. Among them are Vice-
President Stevenson, who has been
silent on the money question, Bland,
and Morrison, whom I was for, but
who has made some declarations that
probably put him out of the race. Camp
bell of Ohio is a good man and took a
strong position for silver, while Governor
NEW TO-DAY
Humors
EVERY humor, whether Itching, burning,
bleeding, scaly, crusted, pimply, or blotchy,
■whether simple, scrofulous, or hereditary, from
infancy to age, are now speedily cared by
(Title lira
Resolvent
Reselveil
A SKIN and blood purifier of Incomparable
purity and curative power. Purely vegeta-
b le, safe, innocent, and palatable. It appeals to
all, and especially mothers, nurses, and children.
Sold throughout the world." Price, CcTictiiM, g)c.t
So ar, Vie. i Risolvevt. 50c. and tl. Porrca Dsuo
__«r> Chum. Coup., Sole Prop*., Botton.
BS~ "Ho to Cure Blood and Skin Humor* ," free, r
Boies and Matthews are strong men. I
think that the candidate to be selected
must be a leading Democrat who: has a
record as a leader in this silver cause,
either State or National.
"With a silver platform and a silver
candidate I think the prospects of Demo
cratic success will be good with the
chances in favor of the Democratic ticket.
I think that the fight will increase in in
tensity as it goes on, and develop into a
fight between the money power, for which
the extreme East is rather an agency than
a controlling force, and the masses of the
people, who realize that they are being
enslaved by the money system.
"The whole fight for the gold standard,
both to establish it and to maintain it, is
being made by the great moneyed inter
ests of Europe and tire extreme East,
which have the homes, industries and
commerce of the people of all the rest of
the country mortgaged to them and
which insist on drawing their tribute in
gold only."
When asked about the possibility of any
agreement on candidates between the
Democrats and Populists he said:
"I have no knowledge of any such pos- '
sibility, and I hardly think any such thing
is possible. I don't think any such ar
rangement could be made now. There
might come about a certain community of
action, but it would not probably be
brought about by prearrangement."
As one of the leading and best-known
single-taxers in the country, Mr. Maguire
is much interested in the single-tax cam
paign in Delaware.
''The single-tax movement has grown
very strong in all parts of Delaware,"
he said, "and while I never believed
it possible that the sentiment or
credeuce of a State could be changed
in one year's campaign, yet the
single-tax men of Delaware strongly
believe that a majority will favor it in
November. The growth of the single-tax
theory there has been so rapid as to make
that prediction reasonable.
"My belief is that some reasonable con
cessions will be made to the single-taxers,
and that they ougnt to be accepted. The
main concession would probably be the
abolition of the polltaxes, except the
small polltax necessary to be paid under
the constitution to secure the right of suf
frage. The fact that the system of taxa
tion in Delaware is especially mixed, and
indefensible by the opponents of the single
tax, makes that field a fertile one to
work in."
BRODERICK'S ESTIMATES
Working on the Figures That Will
Be Used in Making Up the
Tax Levy.
Auditor Brodenck and his entire cleri-
Auditor Broderick and his entire cleri
cal force has been working for two nights
past on the estimates for the next fiscal
year sent in by the various municipal de
partments and preparing the same for the
Board of Supervisors.
The Auditor figures each year what the
amount of the various appropriations
should be and submits the same with
what the head of the departments ask to
the hoard, which decreases or increases
the appropriations as it sees tit.
The tax levy is based on the aggregate
of these appropriations and the estimate
of revenue, which is also made up by the
Auditor.
Thus far Mr. Broderick has made only
minor changes in the demands, but the
heaviest — those of the Street, «Police and
Fire departments— have not been cone
into, and here the heaviest cuts are ex
pected.
The Auditor's complete estimate will be
submitted to the board on Monday.
SOUTHSIDE IMPROVEMENTS.
Arrangements Being Made for a Big
Demonstration and Jubilee.
The executive committees of the South
side and Folsom-street Clubs met last
evening at Dr. Rottanzi's office. The sec
retary was directed to send communica
tions to the officials of the San Francisco
and San Mateo Railroad requesting that
the Fourteenth-street crossing be bitumin
ized ; also to the officials of the Market-
Railway Company, requesting them to
bituminize the crossings of Folsom and
Sixteenth, Tenth and Eighth streets.
A committee consisting ot G. L. Center, I
A. G. Maguire and P. Heyfron and the of- j
ficials of Folsom-street clubs 3 and 4 was
appointed to arrange for a mass-meeting
of the Folsom-street people, from Sixth
street to the water-front, to hasten the
completion of the bituminizing of Folsom
street. A committee consisting of G. L.
Center, A. B. Maguire, G. G. Raabe,
F. W. McEwen, R. E. Cole, P. Heyfron,
J. Schwartz and Dr. Rottanzi, was ap
pointed to co-operate with the committees
appointed by the Cycle Board of Trade for
a monster Folsom-street jubilee and good
roads demonstration on the completion of
Folsom street to Sixth.
--. -__■•"
Interesting and Instructive.
This week's News Letter contains one of
the ablest articles on the money question
ever published in this City. The dramatic
criticisms in this number are also of
especial interest.
The bridge to be built over the Tennes
see River at Knoxville is to be a remark
able structure in many respects. It is to
be entirely of pink marble from near
quarries, 1600 feet long, with one arch of
240 feet, 20 feet longer than any other arch
in the world. At its highest point it is to
be 105 feet above the water, and it is to
have a roadway 50 feet wide.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JUNE 20, 1896.
FOURTH OF JULY
AND FATHER YORKE.
Gives Reasons Why Foreign
Flags Should Wave
in Parade.
HE POINTS TO HISTORY.
Charges the Celebration Commit-
tee With Narrowness
and Ignorance.
GREEN FLAG IN THE CIVIL WAR
His Address Delivered at the Enter-
tainment of the League of the
Cross Cadets.
The principal feature of the entertain
ment and social given at Native Sons'
Hall, 414 Mason street, last night by Com-
pany C of the League of the Cross Cadets
was the lecture by Peter C. Yorke on "The
Fourth of July and Foreign Flags."
The hall was beautifully decorated for
the occasion. Much of the ornamentation
consisted of the American flag in various
forms and positions.
In speaking to his subject, Father Yorke
said substantially:
"It is easy to see I am in the house of
my friends." He said this in recognition
of the ovation of applause he received from
the audience, which crowded the hall to
the doors. "I think Company Cis a good
company to help, and I am willing to do
my part to help them on this occasion.
"Company Cis not like some organiza
tions which are unable to go down in
their pockets and pay for their own uni-
forms, but want a town which is not able
to pay its gas bills to buy them for them.
Down in the Fourth of July committee
offices you will find an advertisement ior
patriots. I'll tell you who some of the
Continental Army are. They are those who
value their front teeth at $50,000. They
will ultimately have the stripes without
the stars.
"The Fourth of July committee has
agreed that no foreign flags shall be per
mitted in the Fourth of July procession.
They may be afraid that they might pro-
mote treason and that the Pope might
come over and elope with the army.
"The League ol the Cross is an Ameri
can institution. Most of its members
were born here. 'Old Glory' is good
enough for them all the time.
"I believe in occasions when we should
show Old Glory only. But on the Fourth
of July we should remember that other
I flags have floated in the past and should
I be floated still side by side with the Stars
I and Stripes. The issue is raised by a con
spiracy and by a false. issue. We would
lay down our lives if necessary to defend
the flag of our common country. This
Nation is cosmopolitan. We should
not turn our backs on the Nations that
helped us when we needed help. The ob
! jection to the nag comes from those who
call themselves Anglo-Saxons. The objec
i tion also comes from men who have not
j renounced their allegiance to England,
and who have in their hearts a secret alle-
J giance to England's bloody rag.
"Tuttle, chairman of the Fourth of July
' parade committee, bears a name that can-
I not be found on the register of San Fran
cisco. Two of them who are standing by
i him on the committee were born subjects
! of Victoria.
"When other countries do us injustice
| then is the time to rally to our common
i flag. But we should not crush out mem
ories of other countries. Love of country
makes all men brothers, and all nations
one. The men who keep tor-sign flags out
of the procession know very little about
the history of the Fourth of July. Did
i the thirteen colonies spurn the foreign
flag? Every flag of other nations, except
; England, was welcome and present and
I did pood service in that cause. The cry
of Pope is not a new one. It was heard
i when there was talk of French alliance
: with the revolutionists as told in Fisk's
History of the American Revolution."
Here Father Yorke read extracts from
the history to prove his statement.
Continuing, he said: "There is a pedi
! gree to every lie. France helped us with
\ 1,000,000 francs. Lafayette, the gallant
I chevalier, fought side by side with Wash
ington. When the colonial army was in
need of a tactician to train the farmers
| who did it but a German, Yon Stuben?
: He made them one of the finest armies in
the world. They were also helped by
j Kosciusko and Pulaski. King Frederick
of Prussia stopped the drafting of the
| Hessians. A tax was placed on their ex
! portation, as though they were cattle. Yet
to-day the flag of that foreign prince is
proscribed.
"And the end at Yorktown, what was
that?
"It was there that Cornwall's army sur
rendered. Yet on that great day the colors
of France floated with the stars and stripes.
The army of Kochambeau marched side
by side with the army of Washington at
that victory. Fisk says of Rochambeau
that his assistance was "one which cannot
be too heartily acknowledged. ' Yet this
Fourth of July committee boycotts the
flag that made the Fourth of July a possi
bility.
"There is one flag, though, in particu
lar which these men cannot stomach.
They call it a 'green rag,' and say it repre
sents no nation and no country. It stands
for something higher — freedom and prin
ciple. We will stand till its cause is suc
cessful. No wonder the hirelings of Eng
land hate it. They forget it was side by
side with the Stars and Stripes during the
Civil War in glorious death or glorious
victory.
"Our flag, the stars and stripes, should
have first place* everywhere at all times.
No flag should be allowed to fly higher,
but I do not believe in the narrow patriot-
ism which proscribes on the Fourth of July
the Hags that helped to make the history
of this country. We should not be led by
English sympathizers. Above all things
we must see that the Union
shall be preserved. Bats ana owls shall
not succeed," he said, referring to the
A. P. A. "They are already squabbling
over the bones of their patriot organiza
tion. They are, doing our work them
selves. When thieves fall out honest men
get their due."
Father Yorke was introduced by Thomas
H. Fallon. The programme : which pre
ceded his address comprised an over
ture by the orchestra; a vocal
solo by Miss Kittie Black,, which
was enthusiastically encored; a recitation
by Miss Schade, who was also encored; a
vocal duet by Messrs. D. O. Jones and D.
Sheerin Jr., a piano duet by Miss N. Bun
sted and Miss Marie Georgiani, instru-
mental selections by > a quartet comprised
of Messrs. J. Watson. J. Clancy, F. Sands
and F. Patterson, who were encored.
In a competitive drill for two gold med
als the victors were Alfred Rudolphus of
the privates and Thomas Cusick of the
non-commissioned officers. Dancing con-
tinued till a late hour.
Wolsey's seal ring is preserved to the
Tower of London. It is set with a peculiar
stone, thejnature of which was unknown,
but which was believed by his enemies to
possess magical properties. ;_
NEW TO-DAT— DRY GOODS- _^ JJ, . _ - '._,_ ,_, ,.,-,.;, --. - -.. — _ -__-__ ~^-_-^_„
: ■ , feXrfQi^i. — —
,
These CLEARANCE SPECIALS are but samples of scores of a simi-
These CLEARANCE SPECIALS are but samples of scores of a simi-
lar sort offered
— AT CUT PRICES TODAY!
MEN'S FURNISHINGS'.
At 25 Cents.
150 dozen Silk-Finish, Combed Egyptian,
Non-Shrinking Two-Thread Bai brig-
pan UNDERSHIRTS and DRAW-
ERS, regular price $1 50* a suit, will be
closed out at 25c each garment.
At 50 Cents.
95 dozen Light and Medium Weight Aus-
tralian Lambs-Wool UNDERSHIRTS
and DRAWERS, regularly sold at
$2 50 a suit, will be closed out at 50c
each garment.
At 12K Cents.
At 12K Cents.
168 dozen ALL-SILK WINDSOR TIES,
in opera shades, plaids, stripes and
. figured, regular price 25c each, will be
closed out at 12>_c. /
At 15 Cents.
75 dozen MEN'S AND BOYS' SEAMLESS
■ NATURAL GRAY WOOL SOCKS,
regularly- sold at $3 a dozen, will be
closed out at 15c a pair. -.•• '
At 50 Cents.
120 dozen MEN'S AND BOYS' TENNIS
FLANNEL. CHEVIOT and MADRAS
OVERSHIRTS, in light, medium and
dark colors, regularly sold at 75c each,
will be closed out at 50c.
HOSIERY! HOSIERY!
At 15 Cents a Pair.
CHILDREN'S BLACK RIBBED COT-
TON HOSE, double knees, heels and
toes, fast black, reduced to 15c a pair.
At 15 Cents a Pair.
LADIES' FINE GAUGE BLACK COT-
TON HOSE, spliced hoels and toes,
Hermsdorf black, reduced to 15c a pair.
CORSETS! CORSETS!
At 60 Cents Each. /
LADIES' SATEEN CORSETS, extra long
waist, two side steels, perfect fitting,
black and drab, regular price $1, re-
duced to OOc. '
1/1/ Murphy Building, ' /
Market M Jones Streets.
BUCKLEYITES TO
FIGHT RIGHT OK.
They Will Battle for Their
Claim to the Party
Name.
COATS ARE COMING OFF.
COATS ARE COMING OFF.
1 —
Leaders and Followers Start Out
Afresh With Vigor and
Determination.
REGULARS VS. RAINEYITES.
The Buckleyites C aim the Local
The Buckleyites C'aim the Local
Machine and Will Go to
Machine and Will Go to
the Courts.
the Courts.
What ol the Buckleyites now?
Gavin Mi-Nab has been wiping away his
sweat since Tuesday, leaning on a spade
most of the time and telling that he has
just finished rounding a mound of garbage
over the grave where Buckleyicm lies
sleeping. Y\
The Junta people generally have been i
taking it for granted since Tuesday that
the "Buckley" party organization would
now disintegrate at ; once and that the
members of this faction would break each
other's necks getting in behind Rainey,
Daggett and Lanigan, who now have a
sure grip on the Junta organization.
But the seating of the Daggett-Ralney-
McNab delegation in the State Convention '
has but put new vigor and determination
into the "regular" organization. They are
going for the municipal fight now, and j
they, are- just taking off their coats and I
getting really to work. -
The Occidental Club . was crowded last
night. The leaders of the faction and the
most reliable and : influential district- j
, workers were gathered there, and they
seemed to feel better for the thrashing
they got at Sacramento. They surely felt
more like fighting, and , every mother's
son of them declared that they were right
in the middle of a big fight and that they
proposed to stay there.
The State Convention, they say, is one
thing and municipal politics another. As
they held a majority of the old committee
when the Junta split off last fall when the
gas was turned out, they declare that they
have an incontrovertible and unassailable
claim to being the regular Democratic
municipal party.
They say that the courts must recognize |
the fact that they alone are entitled to a I
place on the ticket under the title "Demo-
cratic," and that they will hold on to and 1
battle for this right. > yv
They also point to the. fact that they
enroll four or five times the number of
voters the other side can lay claim to, that
they have practically all the party workers
with them except those who follow Rainey
or who are enrolled ' by v Daggett, that in
the fight at Sacramento they bad every
consideration of party right and reg
Children Cry for Pitcher's Castoria.
NEW DRESS TRIMMINGS!
COLORED CHAIN BEAD YOKES, in all
new shades, assorted patterns, reduced
from $1 25 to 75c each.
COLORED SPANGLE AND BEAD
YOKES, newest styles and a variety
of patterns and shadings, reduced from
$2 25 to $1 35 each.
JET YOKES, JET and COLORED BEAD
and SPANGLE TRIMMINGS, all
widths, newest styles, a very large va-
riety and lowest prices.
LADIES' BELTS!
In Black ahd Colored Silks, Spangled,
Gold and Silver Tinsel, Leather and
White Kid Belts, newest styles and
lowest prices.
DRESDEN RIBBONS!
At 20 Cents.
FANCY DRESDEN RIBBONS, 3 inches
wide, all silk, assorted colors, value
35c, will be closed out at 20c a yard.
At 25 Cents.
DRESDEN RIBBONS.' 3J^ and 5 inches
wide, ail silk, assorted colois, value
45c, will be closed out at 25c a yard.
At 30 Cents.
DRESDEN RIBBONS, elegantly assorted,
all silk, value 50c, will be closed out at
30c a yard.
At SO Cents.
DRESDEN RIBBONS, in handsome de-
signs, all silk, value 75c, will be closed
out at 50c a yard. •
\£{J Murphy Building, / ■
Market mi Jones Streets.
ularity on their side while the suc
cessful opposition had simply the
effective cry of "Buckleyism," that
their organization is full of leading men
who never followed Buckley and who
never could be controlled by him, and
that the rival organization is a disorgan
ized and discordant mess of which Sam
Rainey now lias working control. ,
So the '-regulars" are definitely and de
terminedly on deck, and the fun promises
to be livelier even than, it has been in the
past. ■ ~XY "'■ ';'YYrY ':.Y.'yr-
CHARGED WITH FILIBUSTERING.
Captain Oiclttnan of the Laurada Under
Arrest at I'hila'delphia.
PHILADELPHIA, Pa., June 19.—War
' rants for the arrest of Captain Dick man of
j the steamer Laura-da and Colonel Emilio
| Nunez, the Cuban leader, were issued this
! afternoon charging them with conducting
j a filibustering expedition to Cuba on that
vessel. The Laurada arrived here a few
, days ago from a southern trip, and it was
| on this voyage the offense is alleged to
have been committed.
Captain DlcKman was arrested this after
; noon and held in $1000 bail, but there is
! little likelihood of tbe warrant for Nunez
j being served, as it is more than probable
j he is on his wuy to Cuba on a filibuster
which sailed recently.
FLOATING IN THE BAY.
■'■"■:■--:■ ....'•
j Body of a Supposed San Franciscan
Found off Ellis Island.
NEW YORK, N. V., June 19.-The body
jof a man supposed to be Faregel Galla
j gher, recently living in or near San Fran
j cisco, Cal., was found floating in the bay
near Ellis Island last evening. The harbor
police found in the dead man's clothing a
j draft for $1000 made out in the name of
] Fare._el Gallagher. The draft was dated
May 27, 1896, and was issued in San Fran
cisco by Wells, Fargo & Co., and was made
I payable at their office at 63 Broadway, this
city.
The body, which appears to be that of a
man about 40 years of age, weighing 180
; pounds and 5 feet 7 inches tall, bad prob
| ably bee:**, in the water for two weeks. It
was sent to the morgue.
MILWAUKEE BOYCOTT OFF.
But the Strike Is Still On Against the
Streetcar Company.
MILWAUKEE. Wis., June 19.—
street-railway boycott is ended. It was
formally declared off to-day by President
| James Flint of the Amalgamated Associa
tion of Street-railway Employes; that is,
! it was declared off so far as it was within
j his power to do so. He said this morning
! that his organization has discontinued
! running buses and no longer asks the
J public to refrain from riding in the cars.
i He siated, however, that the strike has
; not been declared off, and that it will not
j be as long as the men feel as they do at
j present.
THAT BUND SALE.
J. Fierpont Morgan and J. A, Stewart
on the Witness- Stand.
NEW YORK, N. V., June 19.— com
mittee of the United' States Senate ap
pointed to investigate the sale of Govern
ment bonds resumed their session in this
city to-day. The first witness examined
was J. Pierpont Morgan, who -told what
he knew about the sale of bonds during
the years 1893, 1895 and 1896. J. A. Stew
art was also examined as to his knowledge
of and connection with the bond issues.
A recess was then taken.
WALLING WILL HANG.
Convicted of the Brutal Murder of Pearl
• * , Bryan.
CINCINNATI, Ohio, June 19.— The jury
in the case of Alonzo Walling, charged
with. Pearl Bryan's murder, yesterday
rendered a verdict ; of guilty, with the
death penalty. , ;,.',
GLOVES ! GLOVES !
At 65 Cents.
2000 pairs 4-BUTTON KID GLOVES
(black embroidered back), in white,
regular value $1, will be closed out at
a pair.
At 65 Cents.
1800 pairs 5-BUTTON KID GLOVES, in
dark and medium _ tan shades, also
black, regular value $1, will be closed
out at 65c a pair.
At 75 Cents.
1500 pairs 4-BUTTON . KID GLOVES,
in dark and medium colors, also black,
regular value $1 25, will be offered at
75c a pair. -
At SO Cents.
1200 pairs 4-BUTTON ENGLISH WALK-
ING KID. GLOVES (large buttons), in
red, tan, navy and brown colors, also
black, regular value $1 25, .will be
closed out at 80c a pair.
LADIES' WAISTS!
At 45 Cents.
LADIES' PERCALE SHIRT WAISTS,
in fancy stripes and checks, full
sleeves, regular price 90c, will be
closed out at 45c.
At 75 Cents.
LADIES' LAUNDERED SHIRT WAISTS
in stripes, checks and plaids, regular
price $1, will be closed out at 75c.
At $1.25.
LADIES' PERSIAN WAISTS, detach-
able collars, Bishop sleeves, regular
price $1 50, will be closed out at $1 25.
At $1.50.
LADIES' WAISTS, with soft-finisned col-
lars, large sleeves, regular price $2 50
and $4, will be closed out at $1 50.
JL___r^ Y__f *y -^ «^_^y «M
[glf Murphy Building, /
Nlurphy Building, /
Market and Jones Streets.
i Off for a Six Months' Trip: . m jgjj
il No matter how much you are if
m charged for a small piece of other WL
M brands/ the chew is no better than g
M "Battle Ax*" For 10 cents you m
M get almost twice as much as of M
M other high grade goods* 8
•iiS&^t\J*': F,FTY- DOLLAR
ELECTRIC BELTS
jt^^^k ELECTRIC BELTS
i_^T^-^ii?^---^« TTtOR $25: $40 BELTS
Hyyjjffi^^sraTflcra^ X for $20, and $ 30 Belts
PkKß^^j^T^?^? X for Sib, and $30 Bt'lts
r^{/~^^mr\^H^t* *or *15; also good belts for
s- >»-/_<« : <A;X__/ .- .x $5. Latest patent and all
('•• -ClJ'"' '*;•' improvements. K3~ Call
i <£S$ or write for new pamphlet
WJ! No. 2. Address DX.
PIERCK A SON, 704 Sacramento St., cor. Kearny,
second, third and fourth floors, San Francisco. ;
B-U-IUCVniI ""ore Tnroat, i'imples. Copper -■
■tlA"*- TUU colored Spots, Aches, Old , bur^-B
BB'Jlccrs in Mouth, Hair-FallinKf Writo COOK-EH
SB REMEDY CO., 807 Masonic T-mplefll
■KEMKBi CO., 807 ftiusonic TempleflJ
HBflChScj-iTO, 111., for proofs of cures. Cupl-fa
Htul, 9500,000. Worst cases cured to Xs__\
__p.o 35 day. __________ book free. M
VEILING! VEILING!
At 25 Cents a Yard. .
THREE-QUARTER WIDTH CHENILLE
DOTTED TUXEDO VEILING, in
black and colors, regular value 45c.
At 25 Cents Each.
BRUSSELS NET BORDERED VEILS.
black, navy and brown, embroidered
with white, regular price 65c
At 65c, 75c, Ssc and $1.00 I ach.
CREAM AND BUTTER BORDERED
WASHED VEILS, figured and dotted,
a large variety.
At 50 Cents Each.
HONITON LACE TRIMMED VEILS, in
all shade-, a large assortment of pat-
terns. :.y-;*YY.^Y u-'-.-.;Y'i:--V-\ ;.;'.•.
LADIES' CAPES!
At $1.45.
LADIES' SINGLE RIPPLE CAPES, of
tan, black and navy ladies' cloth,
neatly braided, neck finished with
niching of ribbon and lace, worth $3 50,
, will be closed out at $1 45 each.
At $1.90.
LADIES' SINGLE RIPPLE CAPES, with
bright colored lining, handsomely
. braided, high standing collar, neck fin-
ished with ribbon and streamers, worth
. . $4 50, will be closed out at $1 90 each.
LADIES' SUITS AND SKIRTS!
At $3.90.
LADIES' BLAZER SUITS, made of tan
cheviot, skirts all lined, finished with
bias velveteen, worth $7 50, reduced to
13 90 each. ~*XX
At $2.45.
LADIES' BLACK AND NAVY CHEV-
lOT SKIRTS, all lined, finished with
. bias velveteen, worth $4 50, will be of-
fered at $2 45 each.
mif Murphy Building, J
Market and Jones Streets.
THESUCCESS OF THE SEASON
THE LADIES' GRILL ROOM
OV THE — -,
PALACE HOTEL.
DIRECT ENTRANCE FROM MARKET'S!
j OPEN UNTIL jilll.Mt.UT.
SS OPIUM
The pure essential extract from the native dni(f. Con-
tains all the valuable medicinal properties of Opium
without *ts noxious element-. . No sickness cf stomach ,
riOTomltaigi no cottlvenegs; no headache. AU Druggists.
■^ *'***l*-,™™""-'"'"— '■"■■'■"^