VOLUME LXXIX.— NO. 53.
BRITONS READY
TO MAKE BOASTS
Chamberlain and Goschen
Say England's Rights
Are Maintained.
SECURE IN STRENGTH.
Love of Peace Had Been Taken
as a Sign of the Nation's
Weakness.
AS TO THE FLYING SQUADRON.
Not Intended as a Menace to Any
Country, but for Use in an
Emergency.
LONDON, Eng., Jan. 21.— The Right
Hon. Joseph Chamberlain, Secretary of
State for the Colonies, delivered a speech
to-night at a banquet given by natives of
Queensland residing or visiting in London.
A few weeks ago, he said, Great Britain
seemed to stand alone, surrounded by
jealous competitors, and was assailed with
altogether unexpected hostility. Long
standing differences appeared to suddenly
come to a bead and assume threatening
proportions.
The quarters whence she might have
looked for friendship and consideration
confronted her instead with suspicion and
even hate. England dad to recocnize that
her success, however legitimate, was im
puted as a crime ; that love of peace
was taken as a sign of weakness, and her
indifference to foreign criticism as an in
vitation to insult.
He regretted to be forced to admit that
such feelings existed, but he rejoiced, see
ing that they did exist, that they had
found expression. No better service had
ever been done the nation, tor it had
enabled her to show her face to the
world. England, while resolute to
fulfill her obligations, was equally
determined to maintain her rights.
[Cheers.] England, if isolated, stood
Becure in the strength of her own re
sources, in the firm resolution of her peo
ple, without respect to party, and in the
abundant loyalty of her children from one
end of the empire to the other.
At the conclusion of his speech, Mr.
Chamberlain was heartily cheered and ap
plauded.
The Right Hon. George J. Goschen,
First Lord of tl>e Admiralty, made a speech
at Grinstead to-day, in the course of which
be said he wished to dissipate the alarm
ing rumors that were in circulation.
Referring to the flying squadron he said it
was intended for use in case of
an emergency in any direction.
It would go to Berehaven without
taking sealed or other orders except to
proceed to that place and await instruc
tions. The squadron was not intended as
a menace to any country, nor was it des
tined for any particular quarter nf the
world. It would be used as otner squad
rons are used.
Mr. Goschen ay^Dealed to the public if
they heard that the squadron has been
ordered anywhere not to imagine that it
had been sent to menace anybody. The
disposal of the squadron could not be
guided by political considerations while
the situation remained as it is now.
He denied the rnmor that the Govern
ment meditated placing another squadron
in commission. Nevertheless it could not
afford to rest on its oars. It did not pro
pose to adopt sensational measures, but
would continue as hitherto to steadily
augment the number of ships, guns ana
men in order to maintain supremacy on
the sea and to secure ihe nation from
panic whenever there were clouds on the
political horizon.
The announcement is made that the re
view of the flying squadron by the Queen
has been postponed until Wednesday.
FOR COR VI AT, StiTTL EM E> I.
Correspond? tit Stnallny Soys That Is the
f/esire of Diplomats.
LONDON, Exc, Jan. 21.— The Times
to-morrow will give unusually promi
nence to a Washington dispatch
sent to it by its correspondent,
Mr. Smalley, asserting that he
has personal knowledge of the existence in
the White House and the State Depart
ment of a strong and cordial wish for an
early and complete settlement of the dis
pute with Great Britain on terms that will
involve no discredit to either Government
and also the existence of the belief that
such a settlement may be speedily reached.
Mr. Smalley adds that good advice has
already been given to Venezuela and may
be given more effectively.
The Times, commenting on the forego
ing and Mr. Smalley's assertion that there
had been a sudden change in the spirit of
the Senate, will express its pleasure at the
cheering news. The absence of a desire to
hasten Senator Davis' resolution, it says,
Will allow time fur the forces that are work
ing for peace to operate.
The paper notes the conciliatory and
modest language of Justice Brewer's let
ter to Secretary Olney, but says it must be
obvious to the Americans themselves that
the origin of the Venezuelan Commission
and the manner in which its creation is
regarded in the United States make it al
together Impossible for Great Britain to
recognize its doings either directly or indi
rectly.
Lord Salisbury's original objection to ar
bitrate concerning districts settled years
ago by British subjects and under British
law still holds good, but the American
Government must be well aware of the
perfect willingness on this side to
discard the Schom burg line and arbitrate
on all the disputed \ territory, exclud
ing only the districts the British or Vene
zuelans have permanently settled. * This
basis for negotiations is open for Vene
zuela to seek at any tine. It certainly
would not be rejected here, but it is mi
RossibisUer .Great Britain \o resume diplos
The San Francisco Call.
iuatic relations with Venezuela until the
latter shall have made the first advance.
ill SHOULD VOLVSTEER.
Warlike Suggrations of the Press of
British tiuiana.
COLON, Colombia, Jan. 21.— Advices re
ceived here from British Guiana are to the
effect that the press of that country sug
gests that all those who are able to do so
should volunteer for military service.
A new railroad has been projected from
Georgetown to Point Barima, at the
mouth of the Orinoco River.
The Panama Railroad. Company has
landed extra-large stocks of coal here.
professor roxtjars idea.
He Adrocat*» the Independence of
Greater America.
NEW HAVEN, Conn., Jan. 21.— in an
impassioned and jingo letter to the New
Haven Journal and Courier Professor Tot
ten. iate of Yale and the United States
army, comes down to sublunary things
and advocates the immediate call of a
Pan-American Congress — to include every
sovereignty that now holds a foot of land
in the Western Hemisphere, the purpose
being to draw up a declaration of inde
pendence of Greater America from all fu
ture interested countries. He is very bit
ter against the Davis resolution, and item
izes his proposition with great force. He
thinks a congress of the nations is now the
only righteous way out of the present
situation.
COMPARED TO SLAVERY.
The Temps' Harsh Criticism of Davis'
Resolution,
PARIS, France, Jan. 21.— The Temps.
in an article on the Anglo-American dis
pute, asks whether Senator Davis imagines
that Europe will accept without protest
the extravagant innovation contained in
his resolution anent the Monroe doctrine,
or if the States of Central and South Amer
ica will submit to slavery without protest
ing. President Cleveland, it adds, must
regret that he helped to create the frame
of mind in which the resolution originated.
THE CHROXICLE APPROVES.
Hopes Great Britian Will Comply With
Itrewer's Request.
LONDON, Eng., Jan. 21.— The Chronicle
will to-morrow say it hopes that Great
Britaid will comply .vith Justice Brewer's
reasonable and fair request. The commis
sion, it will add, has done its best to set
aside the peremptory character that Presi
dent Cleveland's message seemed to assign
to it. That is a point of which a sensible
government will take note.
iy CUMMEXTS Or ASGER.
The London Globe Object* to the Comtnia-
sion's J-'lrttt Act.
LONDON. E.vg., Jan. 21.— The Globe this
afternoon comments angrily on the letter
of the United States Venczeuelan Commis
sion, suggesting that Great Britain and
Venezuela be invited to submit to the
commission all of the evidence in their
possession. The Globe says:
"Great Britain will never allow this
monstrous claim to determine the territory
of a British colon}' within its jurisdiction.
No power could admii it except at the close
of a long and disastrous war. Were such
a demand made by any other power, our
only reply would be to hand its Enibassa
dor his passports and mobilize the fleet.
Will these pernicious commissioners un
dertake to answer for the effect upon their
own countrymen of forcing the Premier
to snub the American Secretary of State."
DISPLAYED STATESMANSHIP.
The Request of the Venezuela Commission
Is Approved.
LONDON, Exg., Jan. 21.— The Daily
News will to-morrow say, in connection
with the letter of the Venezuela Commis
sion requesting Secretary Olney to ask
Great Britain and Venezuela to lay before
the commission their sides of the boundary
dispute, that Justice Brewer displayed
genuine statesmanship in drafting the
letter. It adds that the request furnishes
Lord Salisbury an opportunity that ought
not to be lost. The Prime Minister would
act with wisdom and dignity if h.e com
plied with the request.
MOfF FOR LAXD FORCES.
Important Chanties to Be Made in the
British Army.
LONDON, Eng., Jan. 21.— The Pall Mall
Gazette says that the Cabinet will imme
diately consider the matter of making im
portant changes in the British military
equipment.
The mystery of the flying squadron still
continues unsolved. No one knows what
its destination is, or if it have any destina
tion. In fact there is a growing suspicion
that thf squadron was organized more as
a warning to the world at large than for
any otner purpose, and was intended to
show how ready England was either to
protect herself or to attack any other power
with which she might have trouble.
The only thing that seems definitely
settled in the whole thing is that the fleet
is now going to the American coast. This
is stated positively by officials who are in
position to know what they are talking
a bo at.
AX OFFICIAL, DENIAL.
The Pope IHd Not Offer to Act as an Ar-
bitrator.
ROME, Italy, Jan. 21.— The Osserva
tore Romano, the orean of the Vptican,
oliicially denies the statement contained
in a dispatch recently published by the
London Chronicle that the Pope, through
Cardinal Satolli, had made a semi-official
offer to President Cleveland to act as ar
bitrator in the dispute between the United
States and Great Britain. It also denies
that his Holiness offered to act as arbitra
tor in the Anglo-Venezuelan dispute in
1895, and that his offer was refused by
Great Britain.
HEW ZEAL AH It INTERESTED.
Prime Minuter Seddon Say* liefenses
Should Jie Prepared.
WELLINGTON, N. Z., J an . 21.-In a
speech to-day the Hon. R. J. Seddon,
Prime Minister of this colony, saiJ that
New Zealand was specially interested in
the Venezuelan and Transvaal disputes
owing to the American and German in
terests in Samoa. The colony, he added
was thoroughly British, and the practical
way to strengthen the home Government
was to be in a position to defend the
colony's rights and to prepare for the
worst.
EXCITEMEXT IX VEKEZ VELA.
An Effigy of Lord Salisbury Mocked and
Hanged. . ;
NEW YORK, N. V., Jan. 21.— A special
cable dispatch to the Herald from Caracas,
Venezuela, says:
i. The greatest excitement j^evaUa here
SAN FRANCISCO, WEDNESDAY MORNING, JANUARY 22, 1896.
Give Me Another Horse! If You Can't Get a Horse Give Me a Donkey!
If he can do no better, Mr* Huntington propose* to Give the Government a first mortgage on both the Union and Central
Pacific, the bonds to run for fifty (or perhaps 1OO) years at 3 per cent interest. The present first-mortgage bondholders u-ould
then hold the second mortgage — changing place* with the United States, — Washington Dispatch.
over the reports received through dis
patches from England that a British squaa
ron is coming here via Bermuda, and that
an American squadron has left the United
States for an unknown anchorage.
The press expresses intense satisfaction
at the news contained in dispatches from
the United States yesterday that the Sen
ate will reaffirm the Monroe doctrine.
An anti-English meeting was held at
Bohare yesterday. An eftitry of Lord
Salisbury was carried through the streets
in mock triumph ; a death sentence was
read in the plaza, and the effigy was then
shot to pieces after it had been hanged by
the neck on an improvised gibbet.
President Crespo, who is now in Macuto
with his staff, has engaged the whole hotel
where he stays. He has a bodyguard of
350 men.
The Minister of Public Works has also
gone to Macuto to discuss the German rail
road question, which is regarded as very
serious.
JTJV THE DISPUTED TERRITORY.
Gold Miners Working Along the Orinoco
Itiver.
PHILADELPHIA, Pa.. Jan. 21.— L. W.
Adams, a mining engineer from the dis
puted Venezuelan territory, arrived in this
city to-day on the British steamship
Schihallin, from Demerara.
He has been working in the Venezuelan
gold fields as the representative of the
New York and Guiana Gold Syndicate
Company. When he left the Orinoco
River everything was quiet, but the miners
were still at work in the disputed territory,
the gold having been discovered to be
richer as the rivers trace towards the Bra
zilian border line.
There was but little excitement at the
actual scene of the trouble, but at Caracas,
La Guayra and other cities in Venezuela
excitement against the English ran high.
At St. Lucia, the Britis-h coaling sta
tion, where the Sohihallin stopped to till
her bunkers, the English Government was
landing thousands of tons of coal.
This is the nearest station to Venezuela
and the only place where, in the event of
war, coal could be procured to supply the
British warships. Mr. Adams states that
hundreds of gold miners have recently
arrived at the gold fields from the Un ited
States.
HAMMOND'S CASE SERIOUS.
But Secretary Olney Sends Assurance*
to Senator Perkins.
BOSTON, Mass., Jan. 21.— Dr. James P.
Broderick of Jamaica Plain received the
following cable dispatch yesterday from
General W. H. Harris, who is the uncle of
John Hays Hammond, whose arrest at
Johannesburg has been announced:
"I regard Jacu's case as serious. Re
ceived cable yesterday. Family well."
WASHINGTON, D. 0., Jan. 21.—Sen
ator Perkins to-day received me following
letter :
Department of State, Washington, D. C.,»
January 20, 1896. (
Hon. George C. Perkins, United Mate* Senate—
Sir: I have the honor to acknowledge the re
ceipt of your letter of the 17th inst., further
relating to the case of John Hays Hammond
and other American citizens now under arrest
at Johannesburg.
In my letter to you of the 15th inst. I ad
vised you of the department's action to secure
for our accused citizens in the Transvaal all
possible assistance and protection through the
good offices of the British Government, as well
as through our consular agent at Johannes
burg.
In response to my recent telegrams upon the
subject, I have now the pleasure to say that
Mr. Manlon, our agent at Johannesburg, has
telegraphed that orders are being obeyed,
while Mr. Bayard cables thai '.her Majesty's
Government had acceded to our request
and that the British High Commissioner
had been instructed to see that Mr. Hammond
and any other American citizens involved in
the charges of rebellion in the Transvaal re
ceive all proper attention and assistance. I
have the honor to be, sir, your obedient ser
vant, Richard Olnky.
Confetted Judgment.
NEW YORK. N.Y.," Jan. 21.— Neil Bur
gess, the actor, arid his f wife r to-day con
fessed judgment for $12,548 for the amount
due on a demand note made by Burgess
•ao4 maof seii by bis wife. " ' ■ * • •
HIS LAST RESOURCE.
LIVES LOST IN
RAGING FLAMES
Three Men Sacrificed by a
Dangerous Experiment
With Gas.
TWO EXPLOSIONS ENSUE.
One Workman Killed Instantly
and Two Subsequently
Perish in the Fire.
MUCH PROPERTY DESTROYED.
Insurance Companies Will Refuse to
Pay the Policies Because of
Irregularities.
NEW HAVEN, Conn., Jan. 21.— The
building on Crown street, opposite Orange,
occupied by English & Mersick and two
other firms, was destroyed by fire this
•nomine, which started from an explo
sion. Three lives were lost.
The killed : Joseph C. Hauser, machin
ist, aged 38; J. T. Toof, aged 40; Harbona
Stevens, aged 21.
About 10:30 o'clock- this morning Frank
P. Phlegar Sr., a machine jobber, was ex
perimenting with acetylene gas in his shop
on the second floor of the building.
Around him were a corps of assistants,
and it is said that Phlegar was working
upon some sort of regulator to control the
delivery of the gas from steel cylinders in
which it is kept under high pressure,
sometimes as high as 2000 pounds to the
square inch. Definite knowledge as to the
conditions of the experiment cannot be
had, since the Phlepars positively refuse
to talk to-night, beyond acknowledging
the experiment.
It is known that when the explosion
occurred the Phlegars, father and son, and
five men were working about a cylinder of
the gas. One of the men, Joseph Hauser,
a toolmaker, was killed by the explosion.
His right leg was torn off at the ankle and
the left leg horribly twisted. Charles Fox,
an engineer, himself cut and bleeding,
carried Hauser's body out of the building,
which was then rapidly being enveloped
in flames. Frank Pblegar Sr. was burne^
anH cut.
The force of the explosion tore down the
ceiling, and when the department came
ana before water was put on the fire which
resulted, a second explosion was heard.
This was doiibtless caused by a small tube
of the gas.
When the explosion occurred, there were
fifty persons in the building, and a mad
rush to escape occurred. Happily all of
the employes escaped except the three
mentioned. It is said that Toof and
Stevens, both employed by E. J. Toof, re
mained bebind to lock a safe and secure
some valuable papers.
Soon after the fire broke out Stevens was
seen at the window and was told to wait
a moment and a ladder would be sent up.
He answered that he would get some
things from his desk and throwing out
some books went away from the window.
He was not seen again.
How Toof met his fate is not known, but
he was found very near Steven's body.
It was not until 2:30 o'clock, three hours
after the tire was under control, that the
bodies of Toof and Stevens were found by
the liremen., wiio were tUeo clearing a.wuy
the debris. Both bodies were burned
beyond recognition and were identified
only by means of peculiarities of clothing
or by papers in the pockets.
The losses and insurance are as follows :
English & Mersick, carriages and hard
ware, first floor— Loss, $50,000; insjuance,
$58,000. Frank P. Phle^er, jobbing ma
chinist, second floor— Loss, $30,000; insur
ance, $_', r >,000; Kdwin J. Toof, sewing ma
chine attachments, third floor— Loss, $10,
--000; insurance, $30,600.
The buiiding was valued at $15,000, and
is insured for that sum. It is altogether
within the bounds of possibility that all of
the insurance policies may be subject to
contest, and, indeed, may be invalidated.
It seems that the insurance companies re
gard acetylene gas and the materials which
enter into its manufacture in the same
light as (hey do gasoline, and do not per
mit the gas to be made or used in any in
sured building without a special permit.
The insurance agents who placed the poli
cies on the burned buildine said to-night
that no such permits had been issued by
them.
Hauser and Toof were married and
leave families.
SALVAGE MEX IN THE 2t UIXS.
Four Lives Lost During a Big Fire in St.
Loui*.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., Jan. 21.— At 10 o'clock
to-night fire destroyed the five-story
building at 415 North Broadway, occupied
by A. S. Aloe & Co., opticians. The rear
of the building abuts on a ten-foot alley,
and through this alley runs a mass of elec
tric wires, which rendered the work of the
firemen difficult and hazardous. Three
men were shocked into insensibility by
contact with wires, and Foreman Hynes
of an engine company fell from a ladder
and was seriously injured. Twenty-two
streams of water were poured ineffectively
upon the blaze.
While the salvage corps was covering
showcases on the second floor the floor
collapsed and went to the basement. Four
of the salvage men are in the ruins, and
there is no hope of rescuing them. They
are in the center of the building, covered
with wreckage and heavy packing cases.
Cries for help grew fainter as time passed,
and at J.l o'clock they had ceased. Their
names are: Reine Miller, James Roddy,
John Glenville and Harry Kirley.
While the firemen were working to save
their unfortunate comrades the fire took a
new start, and the rescue was for the time
abandoned. The stock was the most com
plete of its character in the West, and the
loss will be fully $200,000. Insurance is
ample. Adjoining business houses suf
fered considerably from water and smoke.
B. Aloe, a member of the tirm, was mar
ried this evening in Philadelphia.
GENERAL EWING'S DEATH.
Failed to Recover From the In
juries Inflicted by a
Cable-Car.
He Made a Gallant Career as a Jurist,
a Soldier and a States
man.
NEW YORK, N. V., Jan. 21.-General
Thomas E. Ewing, who was injured yes
terday by a cable-car, died this morning.
It was thought that the general was not
badly hurt and a speedy recovery was
looked for. Bad symptoms set in, how
ever, at a late hour last night, and General
Ewing gradually sank into unconscious
ness, dying this morning.
The direct cause of death was the forma
tion of a blood clot on the brain, caused by
a fracture of the skull.?. During the night
his physicians commenced an operation
with the hope of < removing the blood clot,
but -found after they had made a few in
cisions that further work in that direction 1
was dangerous. ' General was in an
unconscious state fro» too time be was
struck by the cable-car until his death.
His vitality wrs in such a depressed state
that his physicians deemed it wise not to
complete the operation unless the patient's
condition improved. General Ewing sank
rapidly after 3 o'clock in the morning.
The police on being informed of General
Ewing's death said that John Kelly, the
gripman of the car which struck General
Ewmg, would be rearrested on the charge
of homicide. He was arraigned in the
Yorkville Police Court yesterday and pa
roled.
General Ewing was born in Lancaster,
Ohio, in 1820. He was President Taylor's
private secretary in 1849 and 1850, studied
law, became Chief Justice of Kansas, and
was holding that office when the Civil
War broke out. He left the bench, re
cruited a Kansas regiment and became its
colonel, serving with such distinction that
he became a brevet major-general. After
the war he did good work in Congress. He
declined renomination and settled in New
York, where he practiced law.
FORGED PROMISSORY NOTES.
Arrest of the Manager of a Lumber Com-
pan/ Who Played a Huge Game
of Fraud,
COUNCIL BLUFFS, lowa, Jan. 21.—
Charles Aulteneperger, general manager
of tLe Seyfert & Wise Lumber Company's
branch at Minden, lowa, was arrested this
evening on a oharge of forgery.
From the facts disclosed Aultensperger
is alleged to have played a game of fraud
on a gigantic scale. Aultensperger's plan
seems to have been to put into his pocKet
all the cash he received from the farmers
and then forge their names to promissory
notes.
These notes he would send to the home
office. When due they would be returned
to. him for collection and if hard pressed
he would dig up part of the money and
forge a new note for the balance. His
forgeries are said to approximate nearly
$10,000 and his victims to number about all
the wealthy farmers for miles around Min
den.
TO TOTE FOR ALZJSOX.
The Popular lowa Statesman Will Be
lie-elected To- Day.
DES MOINES, lowa. Jan. 21.— 1n both
houses of the Legislature to-day ballots
were taken for United States Senator.
In the Senate Allison received all the
Republican votes and Judge \V. I. Babb
received the Democratic votes. Two were
absent, one Democrat and one Repub
lican.
In the House Allison received 74 votes.
Bab 19, and Frank Stuart (Pop.) 1. To
morrow at noon the houses will meet in
joint session and the ballots will be re
peated there. The president will then de
claTe Allison elected and the certificates
will be signed in the presence of the As
sembly.
ANTONIO EZETA'S CRUISES
Munitions of War on the Barclay
Golden Narrowly Escape
Seizure.
The Campaign Against Salvador Has
Ended in the Usual
Fizzle
PANAMA, Colombia, Jan. 21.— The Star
and Herald says: The vessel Barclay
Golden, which arrived here yesterday hav
ing on board General Antonio Ezeta and a
number of others who are alleged to be
filibusters agninst Salvador, is supposed to
have on board a quantity of arms. It was
the intention of the authorities here to
seize them, but Mr. Vifquain, the Amer
ican Consul, found that the Barclay
Golden's papers were in proper shape and
he protested to the Governor against the
seizure of anything on board of her. The
result of his protest was that the Governor
promised not to seize the arms.
The Barclay Golden is a vessel of only
250 tons burden, with a crew of eight men.
She had on board ten passengers, includ
ing Generals Antonio Ezeta, Casin and
Villatoro. The master of the vessel, Cap
tain Hansen, and the crew made affidavits
before Consul Vifquain that the vessel was
chartered at San Francisco for legitimate
business by General Casin.
When she arrived at Acapnlco, General
Ezeta and the other passengers boarded
her. Soon after it was discovered that the
passengers' baggace contained munitions
of war. The captain was compelled to
■top at San Salvador, and some of the
party landed. They soon afterward re
turned and fired shots at people on shore.
Ezeta's men having been guilty of
mutiny the United States warship Alert
will prevent them from having anything
further to do with the vessel.
The object of the Colombian Govern
ment in desiring to seize the arms and
ammunition on board the vessel was to
prevent the Liberals here from getting
possession of the war material, as it was
feared they might do.
EMBEZZLED COTTJUTT T UlfJiS.
Arrest of the President of a Defunct
2febra»ha Bank.
BEATRICE, Nebr., Jan. . 21.— C.
Williams, president and cashier of the
Blue Springs Bank, which recently failed,
was to-day placed under arrest on a war
rant charging him with the embezzlement
of $1070 of county funds. He was subse
i quently released on bail. Charges of mis
; management are freely made at Blue
Springs, where a bitter feeling toward
Williams exists, and it is said this is only
the first; of a number of criminal suits
which will be instituted against him.
TO SVCCEEIf SATOLLI.
Archbishop Graaselli Will Probably Be
Ma de Delegate.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., Jan. 21.— A private
telegram from Washington, D. C, states
that Mer. Grasselli, Archtishop of Colassi,
is mentioned as the successor to Cardinal
Satolli. Archbishop Grasselli is well re
membered among older Catholic residents
of St. Louis, as he gave a mission here
about twenty years ago at the old Italian
church on Sixth street. Cardinal Satolli
will not leave this country until late in
the summer.
Harrison Went to Washington.
NEW YORK, N. V., Jan. 21.—Ex-Presi
dent Harrison left for Washington to
night. He will spend a day or two in the
National capital, and possibly argue the
California irri ation cases before the Su
preme Court, after which hb will proceed
to his Uome in Indianapolis
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
COMMON CAUSE
AGAINST ENGLAND
Argentina Joins Brazil in,
Resisting the Theft of
Islands.
WHO OWNS TRINIDAD 1
Deep Significance Attached to the
Concerted Action of the
Two Republics.
INVASION NOW OBJECTED TO*
Enunciation of the Monroe Doctrine
May Reopen the Dispute Over
the Falklands.
WASHINGTON, D. C. ; Jan. 21.-The
cable announcement that Lord Salisbury's
note presented to the Government ai Rio
de Janeiro demanded that Brazil should
accept arbitration to decide the ownership
of the island of Trinidad before February
12, in default of which the island should
be considered as belonging to Great Britain
without further appeal, has caused serious
comment here, which has not been dimin
ished by the further statement that Brazil*
had definitely refused the proposal andi
had demanded that (treat Britain should <
immediately restore the island to Brazilian '
control; nor has the situation been ren
dered less acute by the intelligence con
veyed in a United Press cablegram from
Buenos Ayres announcing that the Argen
tine Government had canceled the English
cable company's concession and had
made common cause with Brazil. In oiri
ciaJ circles deep significance is attached to
the concerted action of the two largest
South American republics in directly an
tagonizing British claims to American
possessions.
Minister Mendonca of Brazil spent half
an hour by special appointment with Sec
retary Olney at the State Department this
afternoon, and it is suspected that the in
terview related to the decisive stand Brazil
had taken in regard to Lord Salisbury's
note. The Brazilian view of the matter is
that to expect them toarbitiate the owner
ship of Trinidad would be as unreasonable
as to ask the United States to arbitrate
the possession of Block Island if England
should suddenly occupy it on the ground
that the United States had not hitherto
made a good use of it ; or, as another ex
ample, that the United States would
tamely submit to England's establishing a
colony on an uninhabited Florida key un
der the British flag because it was a desira
ble cable station and fit for nothing else.
A naval officer who is intrusted with the
duty of keeping account of the submarine
cables of the world explained the Buenos
Ayres dispatches to-day as follows:
"An English company holds an exclusive
concession for coastwise cables in Brazil,
the concession having about twenty more
years to run. Sir John Pender, the cable
king, Beveral years ago determined to se
cure telegraphic communication between
his great system and the Pacific coast of
South America, which is a lucrative field
for teiegraphic enterprises. To that ena
he entered into negotiations with all the
South American countries for concessions,
being successful in almost every country
except Brazil, where he was antagonized
by the English company, which, under ita
exclusive right, operates all the lines from
the Amazon to the Rio Plata. He asked
Brazil for the use of the island of Trini
dad as an intermediate station, but the
English company in Brazil opposed this
and defeated it through the very fact that
Trinidad was Brazilian territory and there
fore part of its own absolute concession. Sir
John Pender went ahead, however, with
his negotiations with other countries until
a sufficient time had elapsed for an Eng
lish warship to go secretly to Trinidad and
land there a number of Sir John Pender'3
employe!*. The English flag was raised,
the cable company's operatives were left
in possession and the warship steamed
away again. The only inhabitants of
Trinidad to-day are Sir John Pender's
men taken there by the British Govern
ment.
"The concession secured from the Ar
gentine Government, which was especially
favorable to that country, provided for the
construction of a cable connecting with,
the company's main line on the African
coast and proceedine thence to Trinidad,
tne new port of La Plata, the Falkland
Islands, and so on around to Chile, the
Argentine Government giving the right
for the landing at La Plata.
'•It is learned from a member of the
diplomatic corps, who has the confidence of
South American representatives, that Ar
gentina's action in canceling the conces
sion is due to President Cleveland's special
Monroe doctrine message, and is inspired
by the hope that the United States wlh
recognize the right of Argentina to the
Falkland Islands, which were forcibly
taken by Great Britain with the acquies
ence of the United States subsequent to
the Monroe doctrine's enunciation. The
islands were owned and settled by Spain,
and thus became part of the Buenos Ayrea
Republic.
"Argentina vigorously protested when
they were seized by England, and in a
proclamation declared that, though Ar
gentina was unable to resist the powerful
force of England, it continued to firmly ad
here to its claim to tb*» lightful ownership
of the territory. Under these circum
stances Argentina, on the 15th inst., in
formed the cable company that it consid
ered the proposed landing place at Trin
idad as illegal, and that it could not
recognize any alleged permit to use the
Falkland Islands. Consequently, by its own
terms, the concession fell to tne ground.
"It is intimated that a specially accred
ited Minister from Buenos Ayres will soon
come to the United States to endeavor to
reopen the dispute as to the ownership of
the Falkland Islands in view of the stand
taken by President Cleveland on the Vene
zuelan boundary dispute. President Cleve
land Ui aw ' tot annual iji^sps^ }?,£?£*2
cress in ISBS, referring to this question,
6aid:
" 'The Argentine Government has re
vived the long dormant question of the
Falkland Islands by claiming from the
V-iited States indemnity for their loss, at
tributed to the action of the commander of
the sloop-of-xvar Lexington in breaking up
a practical colony on these islands in 1831
and their subsequent occupation by Great
Britain. In view of the ample justification
of the act of the Lexington and the dere
lict condition of the islands before and
after their alleged occupation by Argen
tine colonists, this Government considers
the claim as wholly groundless.'
"Friends of the Argentine Government,
however, claim that tnis referred wholly
to claim.- which the Argentine authorities
were then proxfing against this country,
and as the; have now been definitely aban
doned, for amicable reasons, they believe
the United States will not disregard the
prtx fa of ownership which can now be pre
sented, as they are similar in all respects
to tho^' o| Brazil am! Venezuela which
have been espoused by Secretary Olney."
>t<iOTIATIOXS TO PHOCEETK
Relations Between lirazil and England
.%«/ Tet Xupturcd.
LONDON*. Eso., Jan. 21.— The Brazilian
leeation hero denies the story printed by
thel'renzaof Buenos Ayres to tne effect
mat Dr. Carvalho, Brazilian Minister of
Foreign Affairs, would demand from Great
Britain the immeaiate restitution of the
of Trinidad, off the coast of Brazil,
which was recently occupied by the British
and which Brazil claims is her territory.
Jin- Prenza stated that in the event of the
demand being refused diplomatic relations
between Brazil and Great Bntain would
be probably ruptured. It was stated at
asulate that although Brazil declines
to arbitrate the question o: the ownership
ox the inland, ihe negotiations to decide
the question would be continued.
TO TAH-Jt: A'OSSESSIOX.
Departure of a Urazilian Corvette for
J riii U(<i(i.
LONDON, Knu., Jan. 21.— The Morning
Post will to-morrow publish a dispatch
from Rio Janeiro saying it is reported that
the Brazilian corvette Benjamin Constant
has sailed for Trinidad to take possession
of that island.
NEW YORK, !x. V., Jan. 21.— The Her
aldS special cabie from Buenos Ayres late
to-night confirms the United Press dis
patch in regard to the sailing from Rio
Janeiro of the cruiser Benjamin Constant
and adds:
I: has been learned that her destination
is Trinidad and that if the island is de
serted she is to land a force. If the island
is not deserted and the lauding of men is
resisted the cruiser is to return to Rio
Janeiro for further orders.
The Argentine Government has signed a
conrract with the Creusot "Works, in
1- ranee, fur changing the guns oi the bat
tle-ship Almirante Brown into rapia-liring
pieces. The cost will be 1,000,000 francs.
CONSPIRACY OF LA MAFIA
Assassins" Are Banded for the
Commission of Various
Crimes.
Secret Service Agents Believe That
They Will Flood the Country With
Counterfeit Money.
NEW YORK.N. V., Jan. 21.— The Re
corder says this morning: The secret ser
vice authorities, of which Chief Hazen is
the head, recently received information
from a trustworthy source that the Mafia —
that ter-ibie secret society of assassins —
has perfected its organization in this
country in a stronger manner than ever
before, and has planned a gigantic scheme
oi crime. The fresn impetus to the Mafia
is the result of the recent discharge from
ral prisons where Federal prisoners
are confined of ■ a number of desperate
murderers and leaders of counterfeiting
gangs, who have just finished long terms
of imprisonment.
Although the police in this country have
Bteadiiy denied that th« Mafia has obtained
a foothold here, the secret service operators
have baen .convinced by the most positive
evidence- that tue society is in a most
flourishing condition and is prepared to
tarry oat its schemes of crime upon a
stupendous scale.
The evidence collected by the secret ser
vice men shows that the Mafia has its
a^eiUs in every locality where Italians
eoncregate, and has very strong and active
organizations in this city, Chicago, New
Orleans, Boston, St. Louis, San Francisco,
Buffalo, Toledo, St. Paul. Kansas City.
Pitts burg, Charleston and other large
cities in the East and "West.
The new scheme of the Mafia is in the
counterfeiting line, and the plan involves
a simultaneous movement in all parts of
the country. A large amount of spurious
coin and bank notes are to be put out at
the same time, in order to flood the coun
try before any report is made to the Fede
ral authorities of the existence of the
spurious money.
The Mafia's plans are disseminated by
messengers, who know full welj that death
awaits them if they are discovered or give
any information about their business. The
records of the secret service show that
nearly all the counterfeiting done m this
country is the work of the Mafia. The
secret service agents are baffled in their in
vestigation of the Mafia's worn by the
scarcity of informers among them. The
man who turns informer condemns him
self to death, and the murder will be done
in a way which will prevent detection.
The secret service agents, though handi
capped, are doing a splendid work by get
ting at the bottom of facts in this stupend
ous conspiracy ot the Maria, and they con
fidently expect to block the game and
arrest at least a few of the leaders in the
scheme.
CRIMES OF THE TURK.
Reliable Reports of Nearly I.tMOO JT/ur
<lfrs in One Small Stction.
NEW YORK, N. V., Jan. 21.— The Inde
pendent of January 23 will say: State
ments in regard to the massacres in East
ern Turkey have come to us from a
perfectly reliable source, showing that in
a sm^'.l portion of the empire in the
vicinity ra llarpoot and Diarbekir there
were within one month, commencing with
the latter part of October last, over 5000
houses destroyed and nearly 13,000 Ar
menians butchered in a hundred or more
villages in that district.
The details of the atrocities committed
by the Turks and Kurds are sickening and
are simply a re7>etitioii of those reported
from otner parts of Armenia.
Sailors From Cana-da,
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 21.—Ma
hany (R.) of New York to-day introduced
a bill in the House requiring Canadian
tailors seeking employment in this coun
try to have a domicile of at least six
j.fontus in the United States before they
can be employed. Mahany says the
measure has the indorsement of all the
workiagmen of his State.
MANUFACTURERS
MEAN BUSINESS
Protection Demanded for the
Industries of This
Country.
CAUSES OF STAGNATION.
Tinkering With the Tariff and
Disturbance in the Mone
tary System.
TWO IMPORTANT CONVENTIONS.
Men Who Employ Thousands Meet at
Chicago and Talk of Needed
Legislation.
CHICAGO, Ilk, Jan. 21.— Approval of
the measure of legislation popularly
known as the "McKinley bili." denuncia
tion of* that designated as the "Wilson
bill" and a demand for prompt action by
the National Legielature to the end that
the present industrial depression might
give way to a season of prosperity, were
the keynotes of two important conven
tions of representatives of commercial
and manufacturing interests that opened
in this city to-day.
One, the second annual convention of
the National Association of Manufacturers,
was held at Central Music Hall ; the other,
a general convention of textile manufac
turers, called by the association of the West
and South, assembled at the Palmer
House. At both the addresses w&re
pitched in the same key. The tariff re
form law of the last Congress was held to
be responsible for the prostration of home
industries and the disturbance to the
monetary system, repeated changes in
legislation affecting manufacturing inter
ests were forcibly deprecated, and a halt
was called upon what was characterized
as li the persistent efforts of politicians" to
disturb and harass the trade and industry
of the country. The proceeding of both
conventions will be resumed to-morrow.
"What the meeting of the National Asso
ciation Jacked in numbers was more than
made up by the earnestness and enthu
siasm Jhat were manifested. Those present
represented nearly every State in the
Union and industries wide and diversified.
Samuel Allerton, the millionaire packer
and mammoth farmer, sat side by side
with Hon. Warner Miller of New York,
and Senor Gregorio E. Gonzales, special
envoy from the Government of Mexico,
Charles Heber Clark of Philadelphia, and
Thomas McDougall of Cincinnati were
seated on the platform. M. E. Ingalls of
Ohio, president of the "Big Four," was
represented for the session by a proxy,
and special representatives of George M.
Pullman, P. D. Armour, the Peering Com
pany and the American Book Company
answered to their names.
Altogether President Thomas Dolan of
Philadelphia confronted an audience rep
resenting many billions of invested capi
tal and giving employment of scores of
thousands of wageworkers when he arose
to deliver the annual address. He was at
tentively listened to and frequently ap
plauded as he told of the progress of the
new organization and its brilliant pros
pects for the future.
After the report of the treasurer, show
ing receipts during the year from all
sources of $20,000 and expenditures in the
promotion of American trade of $11,000,
had been presented, the various commit
tees were announced. This concluded the
general business of the session and Thomas
McDougall of Cincinnati, one of the found
ers of the organization, closed the day's
proceedings with an energetic speech,
which provoked t tumultuous applause.
A mention in a personal reference to the
name of William McKinley brought out a
storm of cheers, twice renewed, and re
peated when he denounced the meddling
with the McKinley act as the crime of the
century. Concluding, he said:
"We need statesmen. What should we
think of a government which is constantly
running in debt when it has unbounded
resources to produce a revenue beyond its
expenditures? Nothing but the potent
voice of the united manufacturing indus
tries of the country will be able to say to
these so-called statesmen: 'We want ac
tion ; we want such legislation as will ena
ble us to secure a permanent home market
against foreign pauper labor.' "
A resolution of sympathy with the
Cuban patriots, and one introduced by
Charles Keber Clark of Philadelphia call
ing for an immediate investigation of the
printed statements that Oriental manu
factures were being imported in large
quantities, and recommending action
against this new menace to American in
dustries, were read and referred, and the
convention adjourned.
THE TEXTILE MANUFACTURERS.
Delegates From, Many States Attend
Their Convention.
CHICAGO, 111., Jan. 21.— Fifty dele
gates from Western and Southern States
were present at the convention of Textile
Manufacturers, and which was presided
over by George S. Bowen of Elgin, 111.
Extracts from letters from 200 manufact
uring firms in Georgia, Louisiana, North
Carolina, Mississippi, South Carolina,
Alabama, Kentucky, California, Oregon,
Ohio, Indiana and Michigan were read.
Nearly all contained bitter criticisms of
the last Congress, deplored the present
stagnation, and urged the re-enactment of
the McKinley bill.
President Bo wen, in his address, said
textile interests were confronting a con
tinual decrease in prices, and that manu
facturers were afraid to buy raw material,
because after making it up they could not
sell the finished product except at a loss.
C. H. Mason of Illinois, chairman of
the committee on resolutions, said that
the country waa approaching a great crisis
in its industrial development and needs,
and that it was plain to have prosperity
we must have a return to protective duties.
It had become so much a question of self
preservation with the Asiatics now invad
ing this market that not only protection
but prohibition would be necessary, just
as the Chinese were shut out, because they
wiere not adapted to our civilization.
[Cheers.]
A lengthy report from the committee on
resolutions was then adopted. The salient
paragraphs read :
Resolved, That we denounce British free
trade as a scheme to protect British manufac
turers iv our own market against the com
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 22, 1896.
petition of our own manufacturers; as a
scheme to enable British capital and labor to
deprive American capital and labor of the just
protection of our laws; as a scheme to dupe us
into producing articles which contain much
material and little work, ana generally as a
scheme to make England the workshop of the
world.
Resolved, That we favor the policy of tariff
protection because it multiplies the establish
ments which give employment to labor and
capital at home.
Resolved, That it should he the policy of
Congress in framing the free list to adopt the
reciprocity principle, bo that those countries
which will opeu their markets to the entrance
of our manufactures shall alone be privileged
to free admission of specific articles of their
own growth into our markets, as was done
under the authority of the MeKinley tariff.
CHARGES OF tJVARTEHM ASTERS.
There It a General Transferring in Sev
eral Departments.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 21.—Secre
tary Lamont to-day ordered the following
important changes in the duties of officers
of the Quartermaster's department: Major
J. B. Furey, chief quartermaster, Depart
ment of Dakota, from St. Paul, Minn., to
Philadelphia, Pa., to relieye Colonel A. F.
Rockwell, who is granted six months' sick
leave, with permission to leave the United
states.
Major John Simpson, who has been tem
porarily in charge at Philadelphia, is
ordered to Bt. Paul as chiei quartermaster
of the Department of Dakota.
Major C. A. H. Macaulay is ordered from
Portland, Or., to Philadelphia.
Major F. W. Jacobs, depot quartermas
ter, Washington, D. C. is ordered to Port
land, and Major C. H. Humphrey, chief
quartermaster of the Department* of the
Platte, headquarters Omaha, is ordered to
Washington, D. C.
MajorD. D. Wheeler, at present assistant
quartermaster at Omaha, is ordered to
duty as chief quartermaster, Department
of the Platte.
MAY RETIRE VERY SOON
Associate Justice Field, How
ever, Would Like to Name
His Successor.
Judge Ross of the Southern Circuit
Said to Be the Choice for the
Place.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 21.— The
Post this morning says, upon Senator
White's authority, that Associate Justice
Field will soon retire, but hones to be al
lowed to name his own successor, and
that, if so, he will name Judge Ross of the
United States Circuit Court for the South
ern circuit of California. Senator White
said to The Cali- coresspondent to-day:
I; I donM: know why such a statement
coming from me should be printed in the
Post. I certainly gave out no such in
formation. All I know about Justice
Field's intentions is what 1 have seen in
newspapers from time to time for several
years. It is true that I am friendly to
Judge Ross and naturally assume that
others are, but I know nothing about Jus
tice Field wanting Ross to succeed him,
though I must say Ross would be an ex
cellent man for the place."
Justice Field said to a friend last night,
"I am ready to retire at any time if I am
allowed to name my successor," but to
day Field gave out a statement to the
effect that the Post's story had no founda
tion in fact.
Or INTEREST TO TJBj: COAST.
Plant to Build a Hand From Sausalito
to Point Honita.
WASHINGTON, D. C. Jan. 21.— Acting
chief of engineers of the War Department
Mackenzie has written Senator Perkins
concerning the construction of a road from
Sausalito through the Lime Point military
reservation to Point Bonita. Mackenzie
states that the construction of a good road
would be of advantage to the Government,
but that a poor one would not. The good
road, he says, cannot be built for |2250.
He, therefore, recommends that Congress
be asked to make an appropriation for the
construction of the road, or that the Sec
retary of War be authorized to use the
proceeds of a lease for the purpose of the
road construction and maintenance. In
these recommendations Secretary Lamont
concurs, and Senator Perkins and Con
gressman Barham will endeavor to secure
the necessary appropriation from Con
gress.
The Senate to-day passed a bill restoring
John Clyde Sullivan as paymaster in the
United States navy. Paymaster Sullivan
is well known at Mare island, where he
wag stationed. He was tried by court
martial for duplicating his pay accounts.
Representative Barham was to-day ad
mitted to practice in the United States
Supreme Court, on motion of Mr. Maguire.
The Senate passed a bill appropriating
25 per cent of the proceeds of the sales of
mineral lands to the establishment of
schools of mines in California and other
mineral-producing States. The bill will
go through the House.
The resolution granting certain war ma
terial to the Mountain View Cemetery
Association has been adopted by the
Senate.
Representative Bowers to-day introduced
a bili providing that there shall be two
terms of the Circuit and District courts
for the Southern district of California,
held on the first Tuesday in February and
the first Tuesday in September of "each
year at the city of San Diego, and there
shall be appointed in manner provided by
law a deputy clerk, who shall keep his
office at the city of San Diego.
The House Committee on Pacific Roads
to-day adopted the resolution of Maguire's
to reprint the report of the Pattison Pa
cific Railroad Commission.
Representative Loud proposes to in
troduce a measure increasing the postal
rate on magazines and other serials from
1 cent to 8 cents per pound.
Mrs. Leland Stanford, secretary, maid
and Russell J. Wilson arrived to-night.
Mrs. Stanford is here to attend the United
States Supreme Court, w hen the Govern
ment's suit against the Stanford estate is
argued.
CLAItA JBAIiTOX'S MISSION.
With Her Assistant* the Red Cross .Lea c
Will Sail for Turkey.
WASHINGTON, D. C. Jan. 21.— Miss
Clara Barton, president of the American
National Red Cross, accompanied by her
assistants, left Washington to-night for
New York.
The party will sail by the American
liner New York at 11 a. m. to-morrow for
Southampton en route to Armenia on
their mission of mercy.
No intimation has reached Miss Barton
through the Department of State whether
or not the Sultan has consented to permit
the party to enter Armenia.
During the absence of Miss Barton, P. V.
de Graw of this city, a director of the or
ganization, has been appointed as her rep
resentative in the United States, with
power to act in all matters affecting the
Red Cross Society.
Irrigation Canes Postponed.
WASRINGTON, D. C, Jan. 21.-owing
to the death of a srandson of Mr. Dillon of
counsel in the case the argument inUhe
California irrigation district bond cases,
which was to have begun yesterday in the
Supreme Court of the United States, has
been postponed until Friday at the earli
est, and possibly until Monday next, on
account of the other cases set down for
argument.
WORK OF HOUSE
AND SENATE
Third Appropriation Bill
Passed in Very Short
Order.
TO MEET DEFICIENCIES.
Reasons for Belay in Building
the New Postoffice Are
Demanded.
THE CUBAN QUESTION TOUCHED.
Two Resolutions Relating to Arrest of
Citizens and the Progress of
the War.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 21.— The
House of Representatives to-day passed
its third appropriation bill — that provid
ing for urgent deficiencies for the current
and past fiscal years, reported yesterday.
The total amount carried t>y the bill as
prepared by the Committee on Appropri
ations was $4,415,923 and as passed by the
House $4,420,403, the only amendment
made of any importance being one to ap
propriate $5000 for the survey of the Chico
pee lands in Wisconsin. Nearly three
quarters of the amount named in the bill
was for court expenses, largely fees of wit
nesses, deputy Marshals and commission
ers, and much of the debate on tlie bill was
devoted to the necessity of reform in the
system which now prevails.
Early in the day a joint resolution pro
viding for an increase of twenty in the
number of reports and documents fur
nished the State Department gave rise to
a discussion of the printing bill passed at
the last session of Congress. It was criti
cised by Cannon (R.) of Illinois and de
fended by Richardson (D.)of Tennessee,
who managed its passage through the
House.
Resolutions were agreed to calling UDon
the Secretary of the Treasury to inform
the House whether or not, in his opinion,
the provisions of the law ior the safety of
the public in ocean travel were sufficient,
and if so, whether not they were beine en
forced ; and for a statement of the reasons
for the delay in the construction of the
San Francisco Postoffice building.
A bill was passed affirming and legaliz
ing the issue of|certain bonds authorized by
the Legislature of New Mexico for public
buildings.
In his opening piayer Chaplain Couden
invokea the blessing of God upon Miss
Barton, president of the Red Cross Society,
and her party in their trip to Turkey.
Castron (R.) of New Mexico, from the
Committee on Territories, reported a bill
to affirm various acts passed by the Legis
ture of New Mexico and it was passed.
A resolution of inquiry reported from
the Committee on Public Buildings and
Grounds by Hilborn (R.) of California was
agreed to, calling upon the Secretary of
the Treasury for the reasons for the delay
in the construction of the San Francisco
Postofhce building.
Crisp (D.) of Georgia asked what had be
come of the unfinished business — the re
port of the Committee on Rules.
Speaker Reed stated that all the pro
posed amendments save ore had been
agreed to and were in force.
Crisp said that the report as a whole
had not been disposed of, and yet those
officials were enforcing the changes recom
mended by tbe committee. It was not
proper to proceed in that manner, he said.
He had intended at the proper time to
offer a substitute for the whole code of
rules.
Dalzell (R.) of Pennsylvania stated that
it was the intention of the Committee on
Rules to hold a meeting shortly and when
the committee made its report the gentle
man from Georgia (Crisp) would have an
opportunity to offer his proposed substi
tute.
The House then, on motion of Cannon
(R.) of Illinois, went into committee of the
whole to consider the urgent deficiency
bill. A brief general debate ensued upon
the subject of the fee system of paying
officials of the United States courts and
the necessity for its reformation if not
abolishment, in which Cannon, Sayers
(D.) of Texas, Henderson (R.) of lowa,
Xorthway (R.) of Ohio, Swanson (D.)of
Virginia and Daniels (R.) of New York
participated.
Dinsmore (D.) of Arkansas sought to
amend the paragraph making an appro
priation to pay the salaries of court officials
in Indian Territory by specially designat
ing L. L. Stowe, a marshal, and J. B.
Walker, an attorney, one of whom died
and the other resigned after a few months'
service without having been confirmed by
the Senate. The amendment was offered
to meet the ruling of Comptroller Bowler
that he cannot pass salary accounts of
officers not so confirmed. After a brief
discussion, in which the Comptroller's
policy was made the subject of some criti
cism, the amendment was adopted.
Lacey (R.) of lowa discussed the neces
sity for a reform of the fee system in
Federal courts, presenting some striking
figures. The consideration of the bill
having been concluded, several unimport
ant amendments being added, the com
mittee arose and the bill as amended was
passed.
At 4:15 o'clock the House adjourned
until to-morrow.
SESBIOS OF THE SEXA.TE.
Sixty- Five Sills on the Calendar Are Hit-
posed Of.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 21.— Neither
the financial question nor the Monroe doc
trine engaged any part of the time of the
Senate to-day. When at the close of the
morning hour the House bond bill with
the free-coinage substitute came up as the
unfinished business Teller (R.) of Colo
rado, who had the floor to speak upon it,
readily consented to a suggestion to post
pone his speech till to-morrow, and Jones
(D.) of Arkansas, who haß the parliamen
tary management of the bill, just as read
ily consented to have ihe bill go over for
the day.
The Cuban question, however, came in
for a measure of attention indirectly in
connection with two resolutions offered by
Call (D.) of Florida, one in reference to
the arrest of United States citizens in
Havana and the other calling on the State
Department for copies of reports of
United States consuls in Cuba relating to
the progress of the war on that island.
Both resolutions were referred to the Com
mittee of Foreign Relations after a brief
discussion in which Hoar(R.) of Massa
chusetts ridiculed the nation that the
Senate was a "constantly loaded cannon,"
ready to be "touched off" at any Senator's
direction, and then Sherman (R.) of Ohio,
chairman of the Committee on Foreign
Relations, remarked that the resolution
would be setting an example that might
give the Government a great deal of
trouble.
Most of the day's session was gnent in
disposing of bills on the calendar that
were unobjected to. Some sixty-five meas
ures were passed— a majority of them
private pension bills.
In the routine business of the morning
hour a "service pension bill" was re
ported to the Senate from the Committee
on Pensions without any recommenda
tion and wa3 placed on the calendar.
A resolution was offered by Call (D.) of
Florida, requesting the President of the
United States to inquire into the arrest
and forcible removal of Mark O. Rodriguez,
a citizen of the United States on board of
the United States mail steamer Olivette, in
the harbor of Havana on the 15th inst.,
and also into the arrest of Louis S. Someil
lan and his son in Havana, and if no just
cause for such arrests exists that the
President shall demand their immediate
aelease. He subsequently modified the
resolution so as to make it one of inquiry
merely, at the suggestion of Hoar (R.) of
Massachusetts, and at the further sug
gestion of Sherman (R.) of Ohio it was re
ferred to the Committee ou Foreign Re
lations.
Call's resolution, calling on the State
Department for reports of Consuls in
Cuba on the war now existing there, was
taken from the Vice-President's table and
referred to the Committee on Foreign
Relations.
Push's resolutions, relating to the pay
ment of United States obligations in silver,
was then laid before the Senate, but it went
over.
A resolution to pay a year's salary to
the widow of the late Captain Bassett, the
assistant doorkeeper, was referred to the
Committee on Contingent Expenses.
The calendar was then taken up and
several unimportant Dills passed.
At the close of the morning hour the
bond bill was laid before the Senate as the
unfinished business, Teller (R.) of Colo
rado tawing the floor to address the Senate
upon it. At the suggestion of Hoar, how
ever, with the consent of Teller and of
Jones (D.) of Arkanas, in charge of the
bill, it went over for the day, and the
calendar was proceeded with.
Senate bills for bridges across the Co
lumbia River between the States of Ore
gon and Washington, across the Missis
sippi River at St. Louis and across the
Missouri River near Chamberlain, S. D.,
were passed, as were twenty-five private
pension bills, including one increasing the
pension of Helen S. Dent, widow of
Colonel Dent and sister to President
Grant, from $40 to $50 a month ; also a
Senate bill to amend the railroad land for
eiture act of March 3, 1887, in the matter
of payment of purchasers; Senate bil! to
reconvene the delegates of the United
States to the international marine con
ference of 1889, Senate bill to protect the
wages of seamen by exempting them from
attachment; Senate joint resolution, look
ing to the establishment of a permanent
census bureau ; Senate bill to pay $7500 to
Peter Grant Stewart of Oregon for certain
property taken by the Government, and
Senate bill to amend the act granting
right of way through Indian Territory to
the Kansas City, Pittsburg and Gulf Rail
road Company.
After having thus passed some sixty-five
bills on the calendar there was a brief
executive session, and the Senate at 3:55
adjourned until to-morrow.
UPHOLDS BOWLER'S ACT
Secretary Carlisle Says the Comp
troller Did Not Exceed His
Authority.
But the Judiciary Committee Will
Proceed With the Proposed
Investigation.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 21.— The
Judiciary Committee to-day considered
the Boatner resolution which recites the
action of the Comptroller of the Treasury
in refusing to countersign the warrants in
payment of the money appropriated for
the sugar bounty, and after some discus
sion a substitute, prepared by Ray of New
York, was adopted. This gives the Judi
ciary Committee authority to inquire as to
the condition of the law on the subject of
the right of the executive officers of the
Government to refuse to enforce orcomply
with any provisions of any act of Congress
on the ground of its alleged unconstitu
tionally or for other reasons, and to re
port to the House by bill or otherwise.
Er.y to-day received a letter from Secre
tary Carlisle, under date of the 20th inst.,
in which he replies at iength to Ray's re
quest for information whether there is pre
cedent or authority on the part of the
Comptroller for declining to pay the
bounty.
The Secretary shows the care with which
the Comptroller investigated the subject
and the conclusion reached by him that
the constitutionality of the appropriation
was at least doubtful, and that he deemed
it his duty without allowing or disallowing
the claim to have the question referred to
the Court of Claims for adjudication,
which the Secretary, after hearing written
and oral arguments upon the question,
agreed to.
Secretary Carlisle in conclusion shows
that the original Boatner resolution was
based upon certain statements contained
in the preamble which are erroneous.
"For," he continues, "the Comptroller has
not refused to perform a ministerial act or
execute a statute passed by Congress; nor
has he nullified or attempted to nullify
any act of Congress. On tne contrary, he
has proceeded under and in accordance
with the statutes of the United States,
wnich expressly authorized him to cause
claims of the class to which this one be
longs (the Oxnard Beet Sugar Company)
to be referred to the courts for adjudica
tion of the constitutional questions in
volved."
FAVORS THE CABLE.
The House Commerce Committee Considers
McCormieh's Sill.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 21. -The
House Commerce Committee to-day con
sidered the bill of McCormick of New
York for the construction of a Pacific cable.
The bill ia in charge of Bennett of New
York, who will see Secretary Olney with
relation to the effect upon his Govern
ment of landing the cable on the Marshall
Islands in the South Pacific, these islands
being owned by Germany.
The discussion in the committee devel
oped a sentiment favorable to the proposed
cable, provided the company shall see that
all the privileges desired by the United
States Government are granted.
In favor of Minor.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 21.-The
House Committee on Eleetkms No. 2, John
son of Indiana chairman, to-day decided
the election case of Campbell against
Minor from the Seventh New York Dis
trict in favor of Minor, the sitting member.
The report was unanimous.
AN EXPLOSION
OF NATURAL GAS
One Man Killed and Four
Others Were Fatally
Injured.
DIED BEFORE HUNDREDS.
Spectators Horrified by the Ter
rible Fate of an Engi
neer.
BLOWN VERY HIGH IN THE AIR.
Gruesome Experience of Those in the
Vicinity of a Wrecked Pump
ing Station.
RED KEY, Ind., Jan. 21.— A terrific ex
plosion of natural gas at 7 o'clock to-night
shook the town from end to end, killed
one man and injured four, it is believed,
fatally.
The pumping station of the Ohio and
Indianapolis Gas Company is located on
the main street here, and a 12-inch main
leading to the building burst with awful
force. The pipes were buried &ix feet
underground, but the force of the explo
sion threw them about like cordwood and
rendered the street impassable.
The pipes were torn up as far as the
pumping station, and here the escaping
gas was ignited by the flame in the boiler
room. The station was completely wrecked
and two buildings adjoining destroyed.
Palmer Godwin, the engineer on duty,
was instantly killed and his body burned
to ashes before the eyes of a hundred hor
rified spectators, who were unable to reach
him.
Joseph Watkins, chief engineer of La
fayette, who was in another part of the
station, was fatally injured. Three other
men, whose names are not known, are
also believed to be beyond recovery. The
force of the explosion blew these men 150
feet from the station.
Immediately after the explosion the
debri3 took lire, and as the town boasts
but a small Fire Department the wreck was
destroyed.
The loss on the pumping-station alone is
$100,000, and that on the other buildings
about $10,000. There was great danger for
some time of the fire spreading, and the
citizens turned out and rendered all the
aid possible to the Fire Department. The
explosion was caused by a pressure of 300
pounds on the 12-inch main.
This is the center of the Ohio and Indi
ana gas-fielda, and tnis company supplies
nearly a hundred cities from this station.
They of course are shut off from their sup
ply of pas to-night, and considerable suf
fering will result, as the weatner is cold.
SARAH APPEARS XOUTHFVL.
Mme. Bernhardt I'lar/s in JVeur York
After a Lomj Absent*.
NEW YORK, N. V., Jan. 21.— Sarah
Bernhardt appeared last ni?ht at Abbey's
Theater in "Izeyl," after an absence of
nearly five years from the American stage.
It was fif tee« years ago that she acted here
fir3t, and those in the audience last niijht
that remembered her debut as Adnenne
Lecouvreur at Booth's Theater must have
found occasion for some rather optimistic
reflection as to the flight of time and its
proverbial ravages.
There was nothing about the perform
ance last night that was quite so striking
as the remarkably youthful appearance
of the French actress. Those in toe
audience who had seen her before were
amazed at the extent to which she
retains the appearance and illusion of
being a considerably younger woman
than they know her to be in reality; and
the yonnjier playgoers, whom she faced
for ttie first time, saw a woman who has
been famous for twenty years, and looks
as though she might dignifiedly con
tinue, so far as her personal charm goes,
to exploit her genius for years to come.
She is stouter, but none the less attractive
in her own way through the change, and
nothing of her sinuous grace has been lost.
Mme. Bernhardt acted as perfectly as
she has ever played any role, her genius
and technique never failing to make its
certain and sure effect. The few words
she spoke in the first act assured her hear
ers that her beautiful voice had lost none
of the charm for which it is noted. The
scenery and costumes were appropriately
beautiful, and her associates afforded her
a most capable support.
JFELIj AMOXG THE JJAXC£BB.
Fatal Accident at a Fire- Engine Souse
During a Sail.
CHICAGO, 111., Jan. 21.— The party and
ball given in honor of Fire Marshal P. J.
Donohue in the house of engine company
9, at the foot of Monroe street, last night,
was suddenly broken up fey an accident,
in which Carl Kollmer met death. It
some manner Kollmer lost his balance
and fell through an opening in the second
floor to the floor below, a distance of four
teen feet, breaking his neck.
Over 200 men and women were gathered
in the engine-house at the time. All of
the fire apparatus had been moved out
side and the large floor was used for danc
ing. Suddenly, while the merry-making
was at its height, the body of Kolimer shot
through the opening and fell in a heap
among the dancers. Women screamed
and several fainted and men drew back
for a moment. Then strong arms were
ready aud raised the motionless form
from the floor and carried it to a bench
Death was instantaneous.
Charles W. Hewison Dead.
NEW YORK, N. V., Jan. 21.-Charles
William Hewison, who achieved some
fame in the inventive world and
was a lite- long friend of John
Ericsson the inventor of the Moni
tor, died to-day at his home in this city
He was born in New York July 9 1830
He went to California in 1849 and
secured a position on one oi the Pacific
Mail steamers, remaining as chief engi
neer for a number of years. He made the
principal engines of the Monitor and was
chief engineer of one of the armored shins
that went South at the beginning of til
Failure of a Nebraska Jtnnt,.
LINCOLN, Nebb., Jan. 21.— The Bank
of Commerce at Grand Island, Nebr wab
to-day turned over to the State Banking
Board and a request sent for an examiner
to take cbarge. The bank is one of the
largest under State control in Nebraska
being capitalized, it is understood for
HIED.
BROWN— In Burlingame, January 21 189(5 Ar
years age Br ° Wn> a " atiVe Of Nev^ Yo*. aged 86
«" Funeral services wll 1 be held TO-MORROW
Francisco. liiterment private, M B*n8 * n
$100,000. Senator Vest of Missouri is inter
ested in it, his son weing an officer. No
statement of assets anti ; liabilities has been
made. An examiner lei£Jor Grand Island
this afternoon. V
TRIBES IS INDIA*' TERRITORY
Dawes Will Recommend That Congress
Act Arbitrarily.
NEW YORK, N. V., Jan. 21.-A Sun
special from Washington says: Ex-Senator
Dawes say» that the commission of which
he is chairman had abandoned all idea of
persuading the tribes in Indian Territory
to organize themselves into a Territorial
jrovernment, and would recommend that
Congress take arbitrary and heroic meas
ures to accomplish' that end.
"Tlie trouble is, " said Dawes, "that we
cannot get at the people. The govern
ment of all the Indian tribes is controlled
by a few men. The Seminoles are con
trolled by one man. Nothing they favor
can be defeated ; nothing they oppose can
be accomplished, and it is very profitable
and satisfactory to them to let tbiogs run
on indefinitely .as they are now. We have
recommended that Congress pass an act
dissolvine the tribal relations of the live
nations that occupy the Indian Territory
and provide a Territorial government like
that of other Territories, giving United
States courts jurisdiction over land ques
tions."
Bj£LECTI.\G A BVJLII>yO.
Republicans Preparing for the Conven-
t ion at Ht. Louis.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., Jan. 21.— The members
of the sub-committee of the Republican
National Committee, representative busi
ness men's league and Architects Taylor
of St. Louis and Adler of Chicago were
busily engaged to-day examining the
plans of the_ proposed convention hall in
the Exposition building.
The committee does not seem inclined
to accept the plans of the local architect,
and in accordance with the views of Mr.
Adler have suggested changes which if
carried out would involve an outlay of
£2">,000, and would interfere with the pur
pose for which the Exposition building
was erected.
As a compromise, President Kennard of
the Business Men's League has directed
Architect Taylor to draft plans for a wig
wam to be erected on Twelfth street, in
front of the new City Hall, and to be capa
ble of seating 20,000 persons.
The Pallium oh the Way.
St. Louis, Mo., Jan. 21.— A cable from
Rome to Archbishop Kain announces that
the pallium, the insignia of the archienisco
nal rank, is now on its way to St. Louis.
The papal messenger. Bishop Shanley of
South Dakota, will arrive here next Tues
day. The Archbishop it is said will call a
meetine of the clergy shortly to make ar
rangements for the invitation ot the
church dignitaries to the ceremony of in
vestiture. It is almost definitely settled
that the event will not take place until
next May.
Torpedo Outfit for the Oregon.
NEWPORT, R. 1., Jan. 21.— The torpedo
outfit for the battleship Oregon was
shipped from the torpedo station to-day.
It consists of ten Whitehead torpedoes, in
all a full carload, which will go across the
continent to Mare Island Navy-yard and
will arrive there long in advance of the
completion of the ship. This will be the
first outfit delivered tna United States ship
before she has ■ one into commission.
STIR :
THE •
LIVER :
WITH
Easy,
Soothing,
Comforting
| Joy's f
j Vegetable
Sarsaparilla
CLEAN •
THE :
BOWELS ;
<-.*!...:
WITH
Easy,
Soothing,
Comforting
Joy's
Vegetable
Sarsaparilla
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary*
4 Ofi J|<il.'r>liEAßN'T<«T. Established
ffIRM» in ISM for the treatment of Private
&JAJh Man hood. Debility or
■ft disease wearing ou bodyand mlndand
HblcinD.'ieaaeft Tbedoctorcureswh^n
19 I others fail. Try him. Chafes low
Caret cuHranterd. CiMannttL'
brew«w, bookbinden. candy-makers canals
dyer*, «ourmUla, »un<lrlei/ laundries, nfali
hangora, printers, printers, shoe factorte*, JtluT
ueo. tar-roofers, itan»er», tailoMtetc MWIWI -*•«••
-„ . M BCOHA.NAN - BKOS..
Bnuib M»nirf»ct urert, 60 0 8»on»m«Bt«Sa»ERUPTIONS FROM
KILAUES'S CRATER
Lava Continues to Rise at
an Exceedingly Rapid
Rate.
PRESENTS A FINE VIEW.
Tourists by the Hundred Going
to See The Most Gorgeous
Spectacle.
CRISTOFOHO COLOMBO COMING.
The Italian Warship With the Duke
degli Abruzzi Aboard Will Remain
Here Some Time.
HONOLFLU, Hawaii, Jan. 15.— Late
news received from Hawaii by yesterday's
steamer shows that the eruption in xhe
crater of Kiiauea still continues. Man
ager Peter Lea of the Volcano House
telephoned to the purser of the steamer
Hall just prior to her departure for
Honolulu that the volume of lava in the
crater was still increasing and that it had
reached within 200 lect of the top of the
] it, which is the level of the Moor of the
main crater.
Lee expected that in less than a week,
if the rise continued, the lava would be
flowing into ihe main crater itself, which
is situated directly below the Volcano
House and is three miles in diameter and
•t deep. When this happens the
view from the verandas of the hotel at
■ is simply magnificent ana awe
inspiring.
Hundreds of people have already gonn
to the volcano from Hilo and other places
on Hawaii, and every steamer from Hono
lulu is crowded with sightseers. The Ala
nieda is expected to bring a lot of tourists
to-morrow, and they will certainly be in
big luck. A big excursion is being planned
to leave hers next week, and among the
will be Mrs. Kate Field and The
correapon
The Italian corvette Cristoforo Colombo
sailed for Vancouver on Monday last at 6
a. m. The Duke degli Abruzzi, or, as he
was called here. Prince Luigi of Savoy,
le recipient of much attention here
■ siiapL' of dinners, concerts and
dances. The Cristoforo Colombo goes to
San Francis-co from Vancouver, and will
one month, and possibly longer.
- official, and the long stay is caused
ceded repairs to the vessel's
:
The special election for Senator from the
island of Hawaii has turned out to be a
From nine!, a contest will result.
There were 419 voters entitled to vote for
• r on the island, and only 2>i votes
a-t, of which H. L. Holstein of Ha
waii and. Alexander Yeung of Honolulu
each received 127. The latter is manager
of the Honolulu Iron Works and a wealthy
iia.ntc-r vi Hawaii, and was the Gov
ernment and planters" candidate. Hol
ame over on this morning's steamer,
ma the election on the ground that
were cast for Young in one of his
a ion precincts which should have
thrown out for irregularities. Under
lw here he has thirty days to contest
by tiling a petition for a recount or review
of proceedings in the Supreme Court. It
is likely tiiat the imbrogiio will end in the
biegest inland in tiie group being short one
tor in the next Legislature in Febru
ary, as in the event of a new election being
red forty-five days' notice must be
given by the Minister of Interior.
Carl Klemme, the exile who came back
it a permit, pleaded guilty in the
: t Court, but on motion of the Attor
eneral sentence was suspended. It
is not likely that anything will be done
with him, and he already talks of going
business here. In the meantime he
is out on $50u0 bonds.
In the Admiralty Court the Henrietta
and all her opium, stores, sails, 'etc., have
been condemned. It was determined to
burn the captured opium in the furnaces
of the li.jvernment tug and feed the refuse
fishes, but an appeal to the Supreme
by Hartwell <fc Thurston, the attor-
I >r the vessel and crew, has stopped
all proceedings for two or three months.
The captain and crew of the vessel are in
jail, being unable to give bail.
I>r. Bowie, late of the Belgic and now a
;^er on the Coptic, denounces the
charge that any case at all resembling
cholera occurred on the Belgic last Aue
ust. President Smith of the Board of
Health states on the contrary that they
have the strongest evidence that such
fatal cases did occur on that ship; also
that a Chinese passenger, while being
taken from the Belgic to the quarantine
on a scow, contaminated the harbor water,
dying the next day, his attendant dying
soon after, before any alarm of cholera
was given. A week later cholera began on
tne shore adjacent.
A strong movement is in progress for
the coming season of the Legislature to
license the importation of opium and its
pale to Chinese only. Many honorable
men favor this for the reason that the
present illicit importation and traffic ex
erts a very corrupting influence upon
officers of the police and customs. The
President and Cabinet believe that any
legalizing of the traffic must increase the
consumption.
MAM TO HA SCHOOL Q.VESTIOS.
The Canadian Government to Insist on
/•'"itndial Legislation.
OTTAWA, Oit., Jan. 21.-In the debate
on the speech from the throne in the
House of Commons this afternoon Min
ister of the Interior Daly stated that the
Government inttnded going ahead with
the remedial legislation in connection with
the Manitoba school cases and a bill would
be introduced in a few days. He blamed
the Greenway GoUernmentand the Liberal
1 arty for bringing the question into the
political arena. \
Sir Mackenzie Bcwell in the Senate this
afternoon said that Lieutenant-Governor
Mackintosh withheld the Northwest school
ordinance after the last session of Parlia
ment wHhout royal assent on his own re
sponsibility. The Dominion Government
did not advise him todo so.
i> Eft: ate it m:cj:o's FORCES.
Hi port, of the Jiaut f Insurgent* Come
From Uarana.
HAVANA, Cuba., Jan 21.— General
Luque reports that the force commanded
by Dim on Sunday defeatoj the rebels under
Antonio Maceo, near San Luis, southwest j
of the capital of the province of Pinar del
Rio. The rebels left twenty-seven dead.
On Sunday afternoon the rebels were
attacked again and routed. The govern
ment losses in the morning encounter were
two killed and fifteen wounded. General
Luque could not give the exact losses in
the afternoon engagement.
Maximo Gomez is said to be on the
Pertugate estate at San Jose de Las Lajes.
southeast of Havana. It is rumored that
he had an engagement to-day with a gov
ernment column in which he was defeated.
The troops are said to be pursuing him.
EXPLORER ASTRUP DEA.D.
Perished During an Expedition in the
Mountains*
CHRISTIAN IA, Norway, Jan. 21.— The
party that went out in search of Evyind
Astrup, the Norwegian explorer, who was
with Lieutenant Poary on his first ex
pedition to Greenland, to-day found him
deed in the Lille Elvedal Valley in the
Dovrefjeld Mountains. Astrup started a
few days before Christmas for the purpose
of making a ski-expedition in the moun
tains. He was gone about three weeks,
when his friends, bearing nothing from
him, became alarmed, and formed a party
to go in search of him.
Chess-TUaaters' Tournament.
ST. PETERSBURG, Russia, Jan. 21.—
To-day the tirst game in the final round in
the international chess-masters' tourna
ment was played with the following re
suits: Lasker beat Tschigorin in a Pq 4
opening after fifty -four moves; Pillsbury
and Steinitz adjourned their game. Score :
Lasker won lO^, lost 514; Pillsbury won
7, lost 8; Steinitz won 7> 2 ', lost 7>a; Tscho
gorin won 6, lost 10.
BESIEGED BY IDLE MEN
Lively Experience at the Chicago
and Grand Trunk Rail-
way Station.
Those Who Could Not Secure Employ
ment Threw Bricks, Hissed
and Howled.
CHICAGO. 111.. Jan. 21.— Several hun
dred tramps besieged the Chicago and
Grand Trunk railway station at Forty
nir.th and Halstead streets yesterday.
They had concreeated in the expectation
of being taken to Fish Lake, Ind., to
worn on the icefields of a packing firm.
The story had gone around among all
the tramps at the police stations and
railroad yards in Chicago that the packers
were in urgent need of what men they
could secure for harvesting their ice and
would pay $1 a day wases and furnish
board and a free ride to Fish Lake. So
the men gathered at Forty-ninth and
Halstead at an early hour.
But when Foreman Burnam of the com
pany appeared and said that owing to the
warm weather only twenty-five men would
be taken the crowd of hungry, disap-
pointed men became an angry mob. They
hooted the foreman, threw bricks at the
station, broke part of the partition inside
the building and shattered the south
windows.
A call was sent to the Harrison-street
station for a patrol wagon load of police
men, but the officers at the station misun
derstood the situation and no help was
was sent. Detective Aaron Levy of the
Gtand Trunk Railway and Agent Weeks
stood the mob off with revolvers, and
finally succeeded in picking out twenty
five men, who were furnished with tickets
and started on their way rejoicine.
As the train pulled out at 9:20 o'clock
the mob threw bricks and hissed and
howled. They loitered in the vicinity for
some time, and did not leave until Agent
Weeks told them more men would be
needed at Fish Lake as soon as the weather
became colder, and unless they went at
once they would not be taken next time.
SECRETARY SMITH PROTESTS.
Object* to free Homesteads on OKlahoma
Jj finds.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 21.—Secre
tary of the Interior Smith has sent a pro
test to Chairman Lacey of the House Com
mittee on Public Lands againbt the pas
sage of the bill agreed upon by the com
mittee last week providing for free home
steads on the public lands in Oklahoma.
The Secretary represents tlvat the loss to
the United States under this bill will be a
little in excess of $15,000,000. The Secre
tary contends that the proc eds from the
sales of these lands are to be deposited in
the treasury to the credit of the Indians
to recompense them for the cession of the
lands. If the homesteaders are relieved
from payment the Government will be
obliged to appropriate the money to recom
pense the Indians unless the treaty stipu
lations are to be entirely ignored.
May Keep the Diamonds.
CHICAGO, 111., Jan. 21.— Judge Kohl
saat to-day heard the evidence in regard
to the diamonds left by the late Nimrod
Lancaster, who died in California in June.
Miss Bessie Waliis, a niece of Mr. Lan
caster, cared for him during his last illness
and has possession of $30,000 worth of dia
monds, which she claims he gave her.
The administrator of the estate applied for
possession of the jewels, but Judge Kohl
saat held that Miss Waliis was entitled to
them, the administrator, however, being
allowed to bring in legal authorities on the
question at a later date.
All thr. Accused Acquitted.
YOKOHAMA, Japan, Jan. 21.— The
trial of General Miura, formerly Japanese
Minister in Korea, and others, charged
with conspiracy at the court at Seoul last
October, which resulted in the murder of
the Queen of Korea, is ended. All the ac
cused were acquitted, the evidence being
insufficient to convict them either of direct
or indirect responsibility for the Queen's
death.
Elections in Hayti.
KINGSTON, Jamaica, Jan. 21.— Advices
received here from Hayti show that the
elections there passed off quietly. The
Government candidates were returned in
all places except Aux Cayes. The extra
precautions taken by President Hyppo
iyte made an outbreak impossible.
rut Into Port Disabled.
RIO DE JANEIRO, Brazil, Jan. 21.—
The American steamer Czarina, Captain
Lapsley, which sailed from Pensacola D?
cember 14 for San Francisco, has put into
this port with her machinery slightly out
of order.
Gave a Dinner to Kunyon.
BERLIN, Germany, Jan. 21.— Empress
Frederick, mother of Emperor William,
gave a dinner this evening in honor of
Hon. Theodore Runyon, the American
Embassador.
Tin- Defense of Makalle.
ROME, Italy, Jan. 21.— Emperor Wil
liam has wired to King Humbert an ex
pression of his admiration of the heroic
defense by the Italian troops in Abys
sinia of Makalle against the natives.
Converted Into liondn.
AMSTERDAM, Holland, Jan. 21.— The
conversion of 375,000,000 guilders of Dutch
3% per cent securities into 3 per cent bonds
has Been successfully completed.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 22, 3 896.
AN INTERNATIONAL
ROW AT OROVILLE
Lord Sholto Douglas and
Musician Barr Come
to Blows.
BUTTE COUNTY ON TOP.
The Nobleman's Left Eye Goes
Into Mourning After the
Combat.
A DEADLY INSULT AVENGED
Disparaging Remarks About an Or
chestra Lead to a Stern
Ultimatum.
OROVILLE, Cal., Jan. 21.— Hostilities
between England and America have opened
and Butte County is the scene of the first
affray. Something in the nature of an in-
Lord Sholto Douglas, Who Figured in an Unpleasantness With a Butte County
Musician.
[From a recent photograph.]
j ternational clash occurred in Oroville this ■
I morning, and Britain's colors, bravely
| borne by Lord Sholto Douglas, the direct
descendant of "Black" Douglas and of
Lord James Douglas, who took the heart
| of King Bruce of Scotland in a silver casket
to the Holy Land, were trailed in the dust.
When the smoke of battle cleared away
j the eayle and the lion were led meekly
enough to a police court to be unleashed
again after satisfactory explanations had
been made to hi 3 Honor.
The collision occurred at 9:30 o'clock this
morning, as the result of a feud originat
ing in Oroville last night, when Lord
Douglas and his theatrical company gave
j a performance.
Petite Lady Douglas sang several songs
which seemingly did not please the noble
i ear of his lordship, and while the Oroville
orchestra of five pieces (Professor Barr,
leader) was playing its sweetest strains the
Douglas stepped before the footlights and
apologized for Mrs. Sholto's poor singing,
j declaring that she could not render the
j proper kind of melody when accompanied
j by such music as Oroville furnished.
Now. if there is anything Professor Barr
j is proud of it is bis orchestra, and such a
reflection as was cast upon it could not go
unnoticed. Calming himself, however,
the baton-wielder resolved to sleep over
the matter, but this did not remove the
desire for gore which the Englishman's
insult had aroused. Barr concluded he
must have satisfaction, and this morning
he met Lord Sholto and submitted an ulti
matum. It was, in effect, that an apology
must be made within three minutes or
British blood would flow.
The Douglas were never accused of
cowardice. Sholto himself has a little
more backbone than his appearance in
dicates, and he refused to apologize.
Then Professor Barr landed a "duke"
upon the lord's domain, just to one side
of the proboscis, and the lord, feeling the
insult, colored up— that is, 1113 eye did.
Somehow it happened that four Secre
tary Olneys, in the guise of constables,
j were present and the two enemies were
separated, placed under arrest and taken
to the Wilson d'hote, where a charge of
battery was placed against them. During
the engagement Lord Sholto had made a
feint at the professor, over the shoulder of
the jailer, and the otticers thought Jailer
Boyle was beinr; attacked. This caused
the arrest of the lord.
When the case was called, Professor
Barr was released on his own recognizance
and his trial set for next Friday before
J.udge Hills. Lord Douelas explained the
supposed attack on the jailer, stating that
he was only defending nimself, and was
released. He was assisted to his carriage
and driven off in state toward Marysville,
where the company played to-night.
Lord Douglas' left optic was in deep
mourning when last seen in Oroville.
WILL SUM VIS OUT THE TERM.
Captain Bermlnghain Says He Will Xot
Jictire at I'reaent.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 21.-Cap
tain John Bermingham, United States Su
pervising Inspector of Steam vessels, ar
rived to-night. The National Association
of Inspectors will meet to-morrow. Cap
tain Bermingham says he expects to re
main in Washington until February 1 and
will not return to San Francisco before the
middle of next month. Concerning ru
mors that he would resign his office the
captain said:
"I have no idea of resigning at present.
My friends won't allow rae to. I have
eight or nine months to serve yet and ex
pect to remain in office during this time
unless something unforeseen occurs."
The suggestion was made that the
marine engineers would recommend John
Bulger of San Francisco to succeed him
and Captain Bermingham said:
"He is my assistant and a good man."
It is understood that the California Con
gressmen who would have to recommend
a successor to Captain Beruungham are
averse to his resignation and want him to
serve out his term, as there are so many
candidates for the place.
THE SHORTSTOP TOURITAMEXT.
Edtoard JUcLaughlin Defeated Joseph
Capron of Chicago.
CHICAGO, 111., Jan. 21.— Edward Mc-
Laughiin, the Philadelphia billiard player,
at the shorstop tournament defeated Joseph
Capron, the Canadian, this afternoon in
a brilliant game, scoring 400 to Capron's
217. The loser did not do as well as last
night, and his form indicates ho will not
be one of the purse-winners. McLanghlin,
however, surprised the spectators with his
performance.
Neither of the players made much of a
showing at the start, except for Capron's
high run of 57, which kept him ahead of
McLaughlin until the tenth Inning. The
quiet, careful Philadelphian reserved his
strength and skill to the last three innings,
when he made 228 caroms by careful posi
tion play across the table and at the foot.
He also distinguished himself by scorine
the high run of the tournament so far, 114,
missing a long single-cushion shot. His
nursing of the ivories was superb. Score:
McLaughlin,4oo; average, 21 1-19; highest
run, 114. Capron, 217; average, 11 8-19.
Sutton, the Canadian, met his second
defeat to-night in a game with Magtrolio,
which was not much above the average.
Score: Maggolio, 400; highest run, 72;
average, 13 1-30. Sutton, 225; highest run,
69 ; average, 10 25-30.
For Races at Omaha.
OMAHA, Nebr., Jan. 21.— Palmer
Clark of Red Oak, lowa, manager of race
meetings, has closed arrangements with
the Omaha Fair and Speed Association for
a programme of races to be held in this
city the second week in June.
11 Kill STF.VrF.RS SOLD.
Low Price* the Jiule at the American
Horse Exchange.
NEW YORK. N. V., Jan. 21.— The first
horse sale ot the season at the American
Horse Exchange was held this afternoon.
Twenty-four harness and saddle horses,
principally trotting bred high steppers, be
j longing to H. H. Tichenor <fe Co. of Chi-
J cago, passed under the hammer, bringing
i $5510. an average of $230 each. Several of
I the animals were up to horse-show-claßs.
Experienced horsemen" estimated that
to-day 'a prices, while satisfactory for this
time of year, were fully 25 per cent below
the scale whioh will be current three or
four months hence for the same class of
horses.
To Fight Twenty lioundt.
NEW YORK, N. V., Jan. 21.—Match
maker Kennedy of the Empire Athletic
Club arranged this afternoon a match be
tween Charley McKeever of Philadelphia
and Young Griffo. They will fight twenty
rounds on February 10.
WANTED AT SANTA ANA
The Alleged Slayer of Mariano
Cuero Arrested at Los
Angeles.
Sheriff Nichols Makes the Capture
After Months of Dili-
gent Inquiry.
SANTA ANA, Cal., Jan. 21.— Sheriff
Nichols of this county made an important
capture at Los Anseies Saturday night.
On the night of October 12, 1X94, a Mexican
named Mariano Cuero was murdered on a
vacant lot at the corner of Fourth and
Birch streets, in this city. He lived sev
eral hours after he had been attacked, but
could give no information to aid in identi
fying the assassin other than that his as
sailant was an American.
Two brothers named Gleason, tourists
from St. Louis, were eye-witnesses of the
affair and cot a view of the mnrderer.
They returned home and Sheriff. Nichols,
who was City Marshal at the time, learn
ing of their knowledge of the crime, cor
responded with them in regard to it for
some months. The Gleasons returned to
Los Angeles this winter and the Sheriff
through their aid located the murderer of
Cuero in that city. . He is G. G. Southern,
a former resident of Newport, where he
farmed rented land. He was arrested
Saturday night and biought here to-night
and lodged in jail awaiting preliminary
examination.
Southern figured in the courts on sev
eral occasions for disturbing the peace,
once for burglary and again for assaulting
a man named Bolan, ami is considered a
dangerous man. He takes his arrest very
coolly, but Sheriff Nichols is confident
that the evidence against Him is conclusive.
n ill .\ow Get the Aetea.
DECATUR, 111., Jan. 21 —The Decatur
Ht raid-Dispatch, one of the leading morn
ing newspapers ©f Central Illinois, has
abandoned the Chicago Associated Press
and to-day began taking the full leased
wire service of the United Press.
With the Hank of Commodore.
WASHINGTON, D. C. Jan. 21.— The
Senate in executive session to-day con
firmed the nomination of Chief Engineer
George W. Melville to be engineer-in-chief
of the Bureau of Steam Engineering, Navy
Department, with the rant of commodore.
ROMANTIC SUIT
AT SANTA CRUZ.
Descendants of King George
IV of England Are
Litigants.
PROPERTY IN DISPUTE.
Great-Grandsons of the British
Ruler Seek to Recover Val-
liable Land.
CLAIMED UNDER A TRUST DEED.
Their Uncle Accused of Having Blort-
gaged a Large Tract Given Into
His Hands for Keeping.
SANTA CRUZ, Cal., Jan. 21.— A pecu
liar and romantic case is being heard be
fore Jud«e L/Ogan of the Superior Court in
which 100 acres of valuable land near
Aptos is in controversy and descendants
of King George IV are litigants.
Samuel M. Shortridge and Attorney Mc-
Murray, the latter representing Gunnison,
Booth & Bartnett, appeared as counsel,
the former for the plaintiffs, the several
children of John S. Ord, who sues Ann E.
Ord for the recovery of a deed to the prop
erty. The father of the plaintiffs is a re
puted grandson of King George.
When the King was the Prince of Wales
he married, and one of his offspring was
brought to America when a child by a
Captain Ord, who gave the child his name.
This boy learned his own history after he
had attained manhood, and was known as
James Ord. Ho became the father of ten
children, of which family John S. and
William M. are here engaged in litigation.
Some years ago John gave a deed of
trust to William for his (John's) children.
The deed was never recorded, and later
William married Mrs. Ann E. Williams,
of whom he had borrowed money, giving
a mortage on the property in dispute,
which she foreclosed. Plaintiffs contend
that she had knowledge of the deed from
John to her husband.
The case has onoe been submitted and
was reopened by a cross bill, which Judge
Logan to-day held should be only an
amended answer opposing plaintiff's de
murrer. The case will come up for final
hearing next week.
I>EMA\I>S JtIG DAMAGES.
A Suit That Threatens the Beet-Sugar In-
dustry of the State.
SANTA CRUZ, Cal., Jan. 21.— A case of
great interest to this county, ana incident
ally of vast concern to the State, occupied
Judge Logan's department of the Superior
Court to-day. Samuel M. Shortridge ap
peared as counsel for the defendant, the
Western Beet Sugar Company, whose fac
tory is located at Watsonville.
The company is being sued by James
Struve, represented by City Attorney Cas
sin of Santa Cruz, for $20,000 damages and
an injunction against the dumping of pulp
from the factory. Mr. Shortridge pre
sented a demurrer this afternoon to the
defective complaint, and the court sus
tained it, requiring the plaintiff to amend
the defects.
The story of the case is that the plaintiff
has a piece of land adjoining the property
of the sugar factory and claims that he is
being damaged by the operation of the
factory. The dumpage is on the laud
owned by the Western Beet Sugar Com
pany and is as necessary to the making
of sugar as the raising and grinding of the
beets. •
Should the plaintiff maintain bis suit at
law the county must be deprived of the
large industry provided in the raising of
sugar beets and the manufacturing inter
ests of Watsonville be sreatly retarded.
Having provided its own land on which to
dump the pulp from its factory the de
fendant company desires only that it shall
be left alone to continue the industry.
• It is said here that Struve puts a high
price on the damages he alleges to have
sustained. Mr. Shortridge said to-day
that if Claus Spreckels and others engaged
in the industry must pay $20,000 to all
their neighbors and stop dumping the
pulp from their factories, the beet sugar
industry would soon be dead in California.
TOTE FOR A CAIINIVA.L.
Santa Crutana Subscribe TAberally for
the ISO 6 Water Fete.
SANTA CRUZ, Cal., Jan. 21.— A mass
meeting of enthusiastic citizens decided
this evening that Santa Cruz was to have
a water carnival this year to equal if not
to excel the Venetian festival held on the
San Lorenzo River last summer.
The meeting was made up of solid busi
ness men and earnest wageworkers, and
they backed up their decision with hard
cash. Over $2000 was subscribed or guar
anteed in a short time.
Phil Francis of the Penny Press started
the fund with a subscription of $50, John
It. Chace auioklv promised $500, and after
ward the secretary was kept busy adding
names to the list.
The meeting was called to order by Presi
dent G. Bowman, and a big crowd # of men
and women were present. The " annual
election of officers was ttie first business
attended to. The Santa Cruz Carnival As
sociation was organized last August, and
boards of directors and -trustees elected.
The old board of directors was unani
mously re-elected to-night, with the
exception of several officers who re
fused to serve. Those who will act are G.
Bowman, president; Henry Willey, first
vice-president; J. P. Smith, second vice
president; J. H. Logan, third vice-presi
dent; Bart Burke, fourth vice-president;
T. J. Wright, secretary, and Willis Peck,
treasurer.
A new board of trustees was chosen, con
sisting of W. H. Lamb, W. T. Jeter, W. D.
Haslam, Frank Mattison, Charles Kaye,
S. J. Strauss, A. J. Hinds, F. A. Hihn and
James McNeil. The finance committee
will be composed of D. C. Clark, A. D.
Pena and G. G. Byrne.
SUMMIT'S wetting: AT AIT END.
Light Fall of Snoic Succeed* the Down
pour of Sain,
SUMMIT, Cal., Jan. 21.— For the first
time in nine days a break occurred in the
heavy clouds this evening and a few
patches of blue sky appeared to the
mountaineers almost as an oasis in a
desert.
For thirty-six hours, up to late this
evening, the wind has been blowing al
most a hurricane and rain falling in tor
rents, which is a phenomenal occurrence
on the mountains at this season. The
snow, which measured seven feet in depth
before the rain commenced, has reduced
to less than five feet, caused by the warm
downpour.
An army of watchmen is patrolling the
snowsheds, and the least sign of danger
cannot remain long unnoticed. No fur
ther damage has been reported. A larpe
force of men is at work making permanent
repairs at the late washout near Cisco,
Snow is now falling lightly, but the back
bone of the storm is believed to be broken.
WINNERS AT BAKERSFIELD.
Ravena Captures First Prize in the Opening
Series of the Field Trials for
Bird Dogs.
BAKERSFIELD, Cal., Jan. 21.— Tho
second day of the field trials was far better
than the first in point of attendance and
fair weather. The storm had cleared up
and the sun shone brightly. The location
was changed from the Stockdale to the
McCiung ranch, where there were plenty
of birds and better cover for handling the
dogs.
The tirst brace were Peach Mark and
Jilt, who were put down to finish the trial
stopped by heavy rain yesterday. They
were down nearly an hour. Then Lady
Staraboul was put down to run a bye, ac
companied by old Sims, a noted dog in
past years. This closed the first series.
In the second series the first brace were
San Carlos and Black Beauty, and they
were down 45 ruinutes. At i:2O o'clock
Ravena and Peach Mark were cast off and
ran 18 minutes. Young Dick and Jilt fol
lowed for 10 minutes. Then San Carlos
and Ravena were again run, followed by
Lady Stamboul and Black Beauty. Lady
Stamboul was finally matched with Peach
Mark.
At the conclusion the judges awarded
first place to Ravena, San Carlos second
and Peach Mark third. The all-age stake
will commence to-morrow. Thursday will
be ladies' day and on Friday an amateur
race will be run.
UTAH'S SENATORS NAMED
Formal Ballot Results in the
Election of Cannon and
Brown.
• ______
Democratic Legislators Cast Their
Solid Vote for J. L. Rawlins and
Moses Thatcher.
SALT LAKE, Utah, Jan. 21.— 1n ac
cordance with the provisions of the con
stitution and the resolution previously
adopted by ttre State Legislature, a viva
voce vote was taken in both houses of the
Legislature for United States Senators at
2:30 p. m. to-day, the result being that the
Republican caucus nominees, Frank J.
Cannon and Arthur Brown, were elected
on the first ballot.
The former received the full party vote,
forty-three, of both house?, and the latter
got forty-one. Judges Bennett and Good
win each received one vote in the House.
The twenty Democrats voted for J. L.
Rawlins and Moses Thatcher.
To-morrow the formality of comparing
the vote of the Senate and House and
affirming the election of Cannon and
Brown will be gone through. The new
Senators will leave for Washington to
morrow.
ZOS AX G EXES SHOOTIXG.
Jaincs Bath* Jcalou*y Lead Almost to
Murder.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Jan. 21.— James
Bath is in a cell at the city jail, charged
with assaulting his wife with intent to
commit murder. The alleged assault was
committed early yesterday morning.
Bath drew a revolver and fired point blank
at his wife, the ball entering her left hand
between the thumb and forefinger^
Bath is a laborer and lived at 545 Ban
ning street. He had for some time past
been jealous of Mrs. Bath, and had threat
ened that he would shoot her. Whether
or not the wife gave her husband cause
for jealousy the neighbors do -not seem to
know. Yesterday matters came to a
climax, when Bath attempted to kill his
wife with 44-caliber bullets.
After firing at the woman, he ran out of
the house and across the street to a lumber
yard at Alameda and Jackson streets,
where he hid himself. Here he was found
by Officer liicco and arrested. Mrs. Bath's
wound is not serious. She will swear to
the complaint upon which her husband
will be prosecuted.
Mrs. Bath this afternoon made a state
ment, in which she claims that when her
husband pointed the revolver at her she
grabbed it. Had it not been foi this the
bullet would have entered her body.
Garrett Jteted at Eureka.
EUREKA, Cal., Jan. 21.— At Pioneer
Hall a reception was tendered last night
by the Native Sons of the Golden West
to Milton D. Garrett of Mission Parlor,
San Francisco, grand trustee of the order.
An elaborate programme was carried out.
San Juan, liurgtar Sentenced.
HOLLISTER, Cal., Jan. 21.- David
Giraldo, leader of the San Juan gang of
burelars, .pleaded guilty to-day and was
sentenced to San Quentin for three years.
NEW TO-DAY. .
■ggyCTQjw The counsel of
/#^??§?»/^fe^Sfci. older worn** is of
jfflWflCffia EfiW inestimable value.-
-•S? rfrrnS Eftna A mistaken idea of
Bf^-Jy' <JKr^Mftmodesty prevents
iil'vJiiiTV-^ many girls from
ExSW^^J^V^V^learning the things
wlfC^CS^' v/Vgj that they ought to
vw»w ~*^Sj%& know before they
kIK^V • es*v\ assume the duties
Wlata* / / vi N*> °^ matrimony and
Uiflal I y )jl maternity. Women
rJkW\ 1 * ' \ggjfg generally take these
frJll L _^&~y^ most important
"*°~ " ■ steps in their lives,
without knowing in any degree what they
mean, or what responsibilities and trials
they bring. The highest and best thing
that any woman can do is to bear and rear
healthy, intelligent children. The accom-
plishment of this end depends almost en-
tirely upon her health and particularly
upon the health and strength of the organs
distinctly feminine. The state of the chil-
dren, both intellectual and physical de-
pends on the mother. 'If she doesn't care
enough for her own comfort and happiness
to take the proper care of herself, she cer-
tainly ought to do it for the j sake of her
children. To a very large extent,* the des-
tiny and achievement of a man is decided
in the months before his birth. During
that time is determined whether or not he
is to be of robust health and strong intel-
lect. During that time, his mind and body
are started on the path that they will follow
through ■ life. Circumstances may influ-
ence him, but he cannot get away from the
effects of pre-natal influences. One of the
principal uses of Dr. Pierces Favorite Pre-
scription is the preparation of prospective
mothers for the time of trial and danger
that comes when a child is born. The " Pre-
scription" is strengthening and invigorating
and lessens pain and danger. ,It insures the
perfect well-being and the perfect health
of both mother and child. Every woman
should know these things before she really
needs to know them. There . are many
things in Dr. Pierces "Common Sense
Medical Adviser," that every woman ought
to know. This celebrated work has reached
a sale of 680,000 copies at $1.50 each. The
expense of production having thus been
covered, 500,000 copies are now being given
away. A copy will be s«*nt to any address
on receipt of twenty -one (21) < one - cent
stamps to cover cost of mailing only.
Address, World's Dispensary Med-
ical Association, No. 663 Main Street,
Buffalo. N. Y.
KEW TO-DAT.
OUR : ■-■■
GREAT
WINTER
CLEARANCE
SALE
ft BIG SUCCESS
$80,000 OVERSTOCK
SACRIFICED.
YOUR CHOICE.
All Men's $7 50 to $10 Suits for ...... .$4 95
All Men's $12 50 to $15 Suits for 8 90
All Men's $16 50 to $20 Suits for 11 45
Same Reductions
I In Men's Overcoats.
MEN'S PANTS
SACRIFICED.
All our Men's $3 50 All-Wool Pants. for.sl 95
All our Men's $4 to $5 All-Wool Pants
for... 265
All our Men's $5 to $6 50 All-Wool
Pants for 3 45
A CLEAN SWEEP
BOYS 1 CLOTHING DEFT!
All our $2 and $2 50 School Suits go for.sl 45
All our $3 50 to $4 All-Wool School
Suits go for 2 35
All our $4 50 and $5 Ail-Wool School
Suits go for 3 95
All our $6 to $7 50 All-Wool School
Suits go for ;.. 4 95
1000 PAIR KNEE PiNTS
AT 28 AND 5O CENTS.
CCF' Cost double the money.
Greatest Bargains In Furnish-
ing Goods, Hats and Caps ever
offered before in this city.
fllin Riiflnanfp? If we don't save yon
UUI DJidl Clll LUC, from 25 to 50 percent
on cverv Suit or Overcoat purchased during
this GREAT WINTER CLEARING
SALE we will present you with the Finest
Suit or Overcoat in our store - for
NOTHING.
HSUMMEHFIEIHCO,
924 MARKET STREET.
Mail Orders promptly filled. Satisfac*
tion guaranteed or money refunded.
Send for self-measurement blanks.
for you if you
■ need Shoes; it's
snaps anyway, for
you'll need them
long before you
may again buy
them at such
prices. Before
, stocktaking we are
BOUND TO SELL
ten thousand pairs
of Men's and La-
dies' and Chil-
dren's Shoe
Price "don't cut no
ice." Buy NOW.
SULLIVAN'S
18-20-22 FOURTH ST.
83?"- Send for our New 1896 Catalogue.
WHffEUMP
JZARNYSt
TSTHEVKRY BEST ONE TO EXAMINE YOUR
; J- eyes and lit them to Spectacles or Eyeglasses
with instruments of his own Invention, who*a
superiority has not been equaled. .My success tui
been due to the merits of ray wort.
Oflice lloura— 10 i c. v.
New WESTERN HOTEL.
KEARNY AND WASHINGTON ST3.-RE.
modeled and renovated. KING, WARD <fc CO.
European plan. Rooms 60c to $1 50 per day, 3 j
to $8 per week, f 8 to 530 per month: free baths:
tot and cold water every room ; lira grates in eroxjp
c oom ; elevator runs all night
E a)
%S^22Q MARKET ST.9f.^tt^
34
STORM-CLOUDS
ARE CLEARING.
Railroad Traffic Slowly-
Resumed Over the
State.
&EP AIRING THE DAMAGE
Passengers for Points North of
Marysville Are Given a
Wagon Ride.
DELUGE ON THE MOUNTAINS.
fruckee's Store of Ice May Be Melted
Before It Can Be Harvested
by Dealers.
SACRAMENTO, Cal.. Jan. 21.— Reports
lorn the Feather and Yuba rivers are to
me effect that these streams are running
Dank full and still seem to be rising. The
Sacramento River is rising rapidly here,
find will continue to rise until the im
mense surplus of water from tributary
streams is carried off. To-nis:ht the Sacra
mento marks over twenty-two feet, and
the prospects are that it will be at least
two feet higher by to-morrow night.
The washout which occurred near Dun
nigan yesterday has been repaired, and all
trains are running north by the way of
Davisville. Along the line of the Central
Pacific, over the mountains east of here,
all damage has been repaired, and trains
fere running on time. The overflowed
track near Marysville, caused by the rise
fn tne Feather River, is still a bar to
through travel in that direction, and the
prospects are that it will continue so for
two or three days longer at least. At the
present time local passengers for points
north of Marysville arc transferred around
the inundated section of track in wagons.
Reports from as far up the Sacramento
River as Red Bluff are that the stream at
that point is still slowly rising.
T,he indications now are that the storm
is entirely passed. Not a cloud is visible
from Sacramento to-night, and the at
mosphere is turning cold.
RAIX OS Till: JIOVXTAIXS.
Trurkee's lee Tfealera May Be Robbed of
Their Annual Harvest.
TRUCKEE, Cat.., Jan. 21.— 1t has been
alternately snowing and raining here for
the past twenty-four hours. The wind
- furiously, and, although no damage
has been done, precautions are being
taken to prevent injury to property. The
rainfall for the storm, taken at noon to
day, measured 5.30 inches, not including
four inches of snow. The precipitation for
the last twenty-four hours was .60 of an
in Oh.
Extra men are being detailed to do duty
as tracK-walkers through the mountains.
Tiie Truckee River is booming, and all the
creeks and small streams in the vicinity
are overflowing. This is the wettest season
for fifteen years, as rain is seldom known
to fail here during the middle of winter.
The heavy rains have washed most of the
snow from the ground, and teamsters,
delivery-clerks and others were obliged to
abandon sleighs for more appropriate
vehicles with wheels.
The Digger Indian, who is usually an
authority on weather, says there will be no
more heavy falls of snow this, winter. This
is conceded generally by old residents and
citizens alike to be a fair prediction. The
rains are a great menace to ice dealers,
who have not narvested their fall crop,
and it is feared that what is now on the
ponds will be spoiled. About one-fourth
of tlje usual amount of ice has been har
vested.
Tne ice palace has suffered considerably
from the rain, but should cold weather set
in it could be repaired in a few dayß.
Sonoma County Benefited.
PETALUMA, Cal., Jan. 21.— Though
the river was greatly swollen by the rain
storm, only on Sunday night did it over
flow its banks, and though it caused in
convenience no real damage was done.
The sun shone brightly to-day. While the
gales were severely felt, Sonoma County
has much to be thankful for in the visita
tion of the rain ; the crops are well started
and the entire country fresh and green.
For the last forty-eight hours the rainfall
amounted to 2.31 inches.
Cassation of Main at Merced.
MERCED, Cal., Jan. 21.— From and in
cluding the 13th inst., the rainfall here
has been 4.22 irches, making for the season
6.f>4 inches. At this date last season the
rainfall was 8.28 inches. This evening a
stiff north wind is blowing, indicating that
the backbone of the storm has been broken
at last in this part of the San Joaquin Val
ley. The rivers and sloughs are all brim
ming full of water, but up to the present
time there have been no advices as to any
damage resulting from high waters.
Tallejo'a Rainfall.
VALLEJO, Cal., Jan. 21.— The rainfall
for the season up to noon to-day amounted
to 8.7 inches.
FRESNO-MONTEREY LINE
Bonds for the New Railroad Are
Likely to Be Floated
Soon.
Will Pass Through a Section of
Country Famed for Its Fertile
Soil.
FRESNO. Cal., Jan. 21.— After interm
inable delays, nitcnes and legal complica
tions, covering a period of two years, there
seem to be splendid prospects now for the
sale f the bonds of the Monterey and
ire.' j Railroad and (he early construc
tion jf this line. President Jones was in
Fresno yesterday with completed legal
papers for the signature of Secretary Moul
trie. These were the contracts on which
the bond issue will be base]. To a Call
correspondent Mr. Moultrie said:
"All is now ready for placing the bonds,
and we have not the least doubt but that
they will be floated, and that cor v ruction
will soon begin."
The road will be 160 miles in length, and
will pass through Holiister and some of
the Ba»t grain and fruit country on earth.
The directors have secured "the water
frontage long sought by the Southern Pa
cific at Monterey, said to be worth $1,000,
--000. With the" completion of this line,
which now seonis assured, the Valley road
and a branch of the Denver aud llio
Grande, Fresno will be the greatest railroad
center in California. Right of way for the
former road has been secured through
Menterey and San Beuito counties, and
arranged for this county. In Monterey the
plan of advertising for street franchise was
pursued with no opposition bids. This
road will have marine connection at Mon
terey for San Francisco.
ILLICIT DISTILLERY JtAIDED.
! Arrest of an Armenian Hfco Manufac
tured Jirandy Contrary to Law.
FRESNO, Cal., Jan. 21.- Special Reve
new Agent Cromwell and Deputy Griffin
of this district made an important illicit
-distillery arrest und siezure here this after
noon. Simon Seropian, an Armenian in
differently acquainted with American laws
and customs, has been operating a small
| still on Fresno street and making grape
| brandy for over two years. He seems to
I have intended no concealment of his
! operations, and was greatly astonished
when notified that he was a criminal. He
j had amassed quite a fortune in the busi-
I ness, supplying the local market witn his
I product.
Only a small quantity of brandy was
found, and this was taken to the bonded
warehouse. Seropian was taken before
United Stales Court Commissioner Prince,
who released him on bonds of $2000 and
i his examination was set for to-morrow.
The still owned and operated by Ser
opian had never been registered. Quite a
bit of excitement was created by the ar
rest, since the Armenian is well known
here and has had business relations with
many people in the town.
Petition of Fresno Creditors.
FRESNO, Cal., Jan. 21.— The creditors
of Charles Goodfellow, a sewer contractor
who disappeared recently from this city,
leaving many debts, have hied a petition
in the Superior Court asking that he be
declared insolvent and that the money due
him from the city be divided among them.
His sewer contract will be completed
under the superintendency of the City
Engineer. Goodfellow's bondsmen will
not De called upon to make good any large
loss.
MT. HAMILTON'S SNAKE
The Big Reptile Again Seen After
Remaining in Hiding for
a Year.
Wounded by Woodchoppers While
Ensconced in the Trunk of a
Hollow Tree.
6AN JOSE, Cal., Jan. I.— The giant
snake that was seen in the vicinity of
Mount Hamilton by Jacob Wandall about
a year ago has again put in an appearance,
and the settlers in that vicinity are mak
ing a determined effort to capture it. The
reptile is said to be fully fifteen feet long,
has a broad, flat head and is of a brownish
color.
A few days ago, as a party of wood
choppers was cutting a hollow white oak,
the ax of one was driven througn the hulk.
This was followed by a loud rumbling and
hissing noise inside, and when the ax was
withdrawn it was covered with blood. The
men hastily withdrew a few feet to watch
developments.
A few minutes later they were startled
to see the huge snake emerge from a knot
hole about ten feet from the ground and
make off through the brush. That the
snake was badly cut is shown by the trail
of blood left.
The woodchoppers say the snake was
fully fifteen feet long, and from all ac
counts it is the largest ever seen on this
coast.
♦ ■
CA\SA DEI.MA.S INCORPORATED.
Capital Stock of the Corporation Placed
at $1,000,000.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Jan. 21.— The articles
of incorporation of the Casa Delmas were
filed in the County Clerk's office to-day.
The corporation is organized for the pur
pose of conducting viticulture, horticul
ture, tiggriculture and other incidental oc
cupations.
The capital stock is f 1,000,000, of which
E. M. Delmas represents $996,000 and the
other $4000 is held— slooo each— by Paul
Delmas, J. E. Richards, F. S. Brittan and
F. Spangenbirg, all of whom constitute
the board of directors. The principal
place of business is San Francisco. Prop
erty in various parts of the State, includ
ing $200,000 in Santa Clara County, Belongs
to the corporation.
SUS JOA.Y- SCHOOL CJtUSADE.
Members of San Jose Union to Make a
JTouae-to- House Canvass.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Jan. 21.— The San Jose
Sunday-school Union, at its first annual
meeting last evening, elected the following
officers for the ensuing year: President.
Rev. V. G. A. Tressler; first vice-presi
dent, "William Kelly; second vice-presi
dent, W. G. Alexander; third vice-presi
dent. Miss Kate Leffler; general secretary,
Myron E. Hall; statistical secretary, Miss
May Adams; treasurer, H. V. Pillow;
musical director, Professor D. H. Chaplin.'
The Sunday-school Union will shortly
make a house-to-house canvass to ascer
tain how many Sunaay-school children
there are in San Jose, what pro rata of the
children attend church, and the number
that are not church members.
JtAIDED BT A. BUBGZAX.
Aluminum Goods JF*lched Through the
Broken Window of a Store.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Jan. 21.— A show-win
dow of the Aluminum Bazaar, on North
First street, near Julian, was smashed by
thieves about 3 o'clock this morning and
about $80 worth of aluminum goods taken.
M. C. Close, the proprietor of the store,
who sleeps in the rear of the building, was
awakened by the noise. He arose and
looked around the place, but, discovering
nothiug oat of place, again retired. When
he opened the store this morning he dis
covered his loss and reported the matter
to the police.
Judgment Against a Society.
SAN JOSE, Cat,., Jan. 21.— Judge Dwyer
this morning gave Epifanio Quinones judg
ment against the Sociedad Filantropica de
Beneficencia Mutua for $50 and costs of sui t.
The action was brought to recover $100
alleged to be due as sick benefits for twen
ty weeks.
Accident at Vallejo.
VALLEJO, Cal., Jan. 21.— While one of
the 28-ton guns of the Monadnock was
being moved this morning the supports
gave way and it fell upon the legs of An
drew Barr, a rigger. Barr's left leg was
cut almost in two by the mass of steel and
the bones in his right leg were badly
broken. The unfortunate man was ex
tricated from beneath the gun and sent
to the hospital for surgical aid. The lower
part of his left leg was removed. The
right leg will likely be saved.
Auburn Jiurglar Captured.
AUBURN, Cal., Jan. 21. — Sheriff
Conroy is happy over the capture of a
notorious burglar. Some weeks &zo
William J. Walsh and wife were
robbed of about $800 worth of diamonds
and other jewelry. The Sheriff was
notified, and lie suspected a young man
named Frank Kiernan, alias "Chris
Evans," who has now been located at
Seattle, Wash. Kiernan has been in
trouble before. Under Sheriff J. E. Walsh
loft -this morning for Seattle to bring
•h-iermnn back.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 22, 1896.
RIVAL SLEUTHS
AT THE CAPITOL.
Four Detectives Who Are
Sure They Convicted
Kovalev.
EACH AFTER A REWARD.
Another Day Will Be Consumed
in Listening to Their
Arguments.
TILT IN MR. BUDD'S OFFICE.
Captain Lees Resents an Insinuating
Remark From Major An
derson.'
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Jan. 21.— The de
tectives and other people who think they
are entitled to the $1000 reward offered by
the State for the arrest and conviction of
Ivan Kovalev, the Weber murderer, had
another lively round in the Governor's
office to-day, and part of the proceedings
looked rather squally. The remarkable
feature of the strife is that each of the four
claimants is certain that without his work
Ivan Kovalev would have escaped con
viction. Photographer Stevens, who fur
nished the information to the San Fran
cisco authorities that led to the Russian
murderer's arrest, stated to the Governor
during the hearing that he had placed all
of his interests in the hands of Captain
Lees. That was the reason why he had
not put in a claim.
Captain Lees had his inning yesterday
and to-day. The claims of E. L. Bennett,
W. T. Hamilton and George Jost were
heard. The evidence wnich Bennett pro
duced tended to show that Stevens met
him in June, in San Francisco, and ex
citedly tola him that he knew who killed
the Webers in Sacramento. He told Ben
nett there was a big reward and offered
him a share of it if he would go to Sacra
mento with him and lay the matter before
the proper authorities. This Bennett did
not want to do, but suggested that they
go to Captain Lees. Stevens demurred to
this, and seemed to be afraid to have any
thing to do with the San Francisco police
force. Seeing that he could not get him to
go along, Bennett, unknown to Stevens,
went to Captain Lees and told him all
about it, but Captain Lees made light of
the story. Bennett believed that it was
the information that he gave to Lees at
that time that led to the arrest and con
viction of Kovalev.
W. T. Hamilton wanted the reward,
because he had found the murderer's cast
off clothing in a barrel back of the Weber
store a few days after the crime. He
The Man Suspected of Being the Calpella Stage - Robber, Who Gives His Name as
John Schneider.
. [From a photograph taken in the County Jail at Vkiah.}
claimed to be a detective by nature, saying
that he had inherited the instinct.
G. .H. Jost, the last claimant, had
met Kovalev on the night of the murder
in front of the building in which the crime
was committed. At the trial he had iden
tified Kovalev positively as tne man whom
he saw on that night.
During the afternoon proceedings there
came near being a fracas between Captain
Lees and Major Anderson, who acted as
attorney for Bennett in pressing the letter's
claim. Stevens was being questioned by
Anderson when Lees interrupted him.
"1 want you to leave that man alone
when I am talkins to him," exclaimed
Anderson to Lees. "You have had him
where you could get at him whenever you
wanted to, and I think you have primea
him sufficiently."
"Don't you say anything like that to
me, sir," retorted Lees, growing very red
in the face. Anderson repeated the re
mark about the captain's having primed
Stevens, whereupon Lees jumped to his
feet. At this Crisis the Governor inter
fered, declaring that if the belligerents
did not behave he would take a hand in it
himself. With this they cooled down and
later in the day were shaking hands like
old friends.
All evidence in support of the several
claimants was in by 4 o'clock, and the
Governor announced that he would hear
the arguments of their attorneys in his
office to-morrow morning, concluding by
saying that he hoped but little more time
would be consumed, as he had already
given up two days in trying to determine
who should get this $1000.
STANFORD ELECTION.
Juniors Choose Officers After an Exciting
Contest— Chris Henne the
President.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Cal., Jan.
21. — The junior ilass held a meeting this
afternoon, at which the regular election of
officers took place. The campaign had
been carried on actively for a week past
and the election was hotly contested. No
less than five candidates were in the field,
and the result was that a larger number
than usual turned out to vote.
Four ballots were taken for president,
Chris Henne being the successful candi
date and Harry Hazzard his closest com
petitor. Other officers were elected as fol
lows: First vice-president, F. V. T. Lee;
second vice-president, B. M. Palmer; sec
retary, Miss Effie McFadden; treasurer,
M. T. Pratt; baseball manager, G. B. Cul
ver; football manager, Charles M. Fickert.
A class council was also elected.
Special interest attaches to the election
of a class president at this time, for the
junior presidency is regarded as the high
est ol class honorary positions. It is the
junior president who leads the junior hop
and oversees various class functions and
ceremonies. Take it altogether, the honor
is, and always has been, eageriy sought
for.
In addition to the election, Mr. Spencer,
business manager of the class annual,
made a report on the condition of the pub
lication and the probable amount needed
for getting the work completed. On his
recommendation a class assessment of $2
was levied on each member.
Dr. Jordan lectures on "Evolution" at
Merced on the 24th.
JUAItIS COUXTY THIEVES.
Morelas and Crockett Meld for Kobblng a
Marshal's Stor*.
SAN RAFAEL, Cal., Jan. 21.— The pre
liminary hearings in the case of the peo
ple against Emilio Morelas and Crocket
Wescott were held to-day before Justice
Rodden and both were bound over.
The men are charged with robbing the
general merchandise store of Maghetti
& Cheta At Marshails in Marin County
on December 25. The store was found to
have been broken into and a large number
of articles stolen, among which were two
pearl-handled revolvers which played an
important part in the hearing to-day.
UKIAH'S CAPTIVE BANDIT.
Evidence Against the Alleged
Overland Stage Robber Is
Accumulating.
United States Officials Take Charge of
the Case and Will Prosecute
the Prisoner.
UKIAH, Cat,., Jan. 22.— Great excite
ment still prevails here over the capture
of the man supposed to have robbed the
overland stage on two occasions within
the last three weeks and who, while re
sisting arrest, shot and wounded ex-Sheriff
J. M. Btandley. The prisoner gives his
name »s John Schneider and appears to be
taking matters easily. In conversation
with a Call correspondent in his native
language to-day he stated that he had
come to America from Germany less than
j three years ago. When it was suggested
to him that there was danger of his being
j lynched, his only answer was, "Give me a
good gun ana I will make them sick."
Deputy Sheriff J. L. Johnson to-day ap
peared before United States Commissioner
T. L. CJarothers and made affidavit to a
complaint charging John Schneider with
j having, on December 31, 1895, taken from
Mage-driver Theodore Howard United
otates mail. Upon this complaint Com
missioner Carothers issued a warrant and
i ordered Schneider put under arrest.
| l nited States Marshal Barry Baldwin was
■ notified and deputized Sheriff Johnson to
I serve the warrant.
Schneider was called out of jail and the
I warrant read to him. He pleaded entire
j ignorance of the affair, but expressed him
seif as highly displeased at being com
pelled to go to San Francisco for trial.
He was glad, he said, that his preliminary
examination could be held here. Two
complaints were filed to-day, charging
Schneider with robbing the overland stage
last Wednesday and with assault on Stand
ley. Evidence is steadily accumulating
against the prisoner, and the Sheriff and
his deputies are searching for more.
"Spud" Howard, the driver of the stage,
was to-day confronted by the prisoner,
who was dressed in the clothes he wore
when arrested and with a handkerchief
over his eyes. Howard would not say
whether he "was the man who halted him.
Mare Island Appointments.
VALLEJO, Cal., Jan. 21.— W. P. Mill
ner has been appointed leading machinist
in the construction machine-shop by the
Secretary of the Navy. J. M. Jones, re
cently of the Union Iron Works, is fore
man "of the shop.
SEATTLE'S FLEET
LOSES A VESSEL
Captain Hughes Will Sail
Under England's
Colors.
NOW A BRITISH CRATT.
The Schooner Ida Etta Regu
larly Registered at the
Port of Victoria.
OTHERS WILL SOON FOLLOW.
Complicated Nature of the American
Sealing Regulations Causes
the Trouble.
PORT TOWNSEND, Wash., Jan. 21.-
Araong the passengers bound for Victoria
yesterday was a well-known American
shipmaster who was going for the purpose
of putting his vessel under the British
flag. The gentleman in question was
Captain W. A. Hughes, master and owner
of the sealing schooner. Ida Etta, late of
Seattle. According to his story it will not
be long before every vessel in that profit
able trade will be under the protection of
her Royal Majesty.
On the IGth of January, 1895, Captain
Hughes applied to Deputy Collector Burns
of Seattle for clearance, it being his inten
tion to hunt on the Japan coast. His
vessel at the time was recorded in the cus
tom-house under enrollment and license,
and according to the Treasury Department
regulations no vessel can go to a foreign
port with such papers. What should have
been done by the official was to take up
the enrollment and license and iysue in
lieu thereof a register, under which, after
proper clearance, the vessel would have
been legally entitled to go to a foreign
port. This seemed, however, to be un
known to Burns, for clearance was regu
larly issued. aDd the vessel sailed away to
the land of the Mikado.
On arriving there the American Consul
reported the matter and Captain Hughes
was notified that upon returning to the
United States his vessel would be seized.
Captain Hughes was a good American
citizen and expected that an explanation
would clear away the cloud hanging over
his little craft, through no fault of his, but
he also took the precaution to be on the
safe side. Accordingly on his return he
cleared for Victoria and then came over
to see about the case. As a result the
United States will lose one of its vessels.
Captain Hughes was informed that he had
violated the laws in going to a foreign port
under license and enrollment and that his
vessel would be seized at the earliest
opportunity.
Hughes determined that the oppor
tunity would never be offered, and his
vessel is now regularly registered as a
British craft and can claim protection of
the crown in any part of the civilized or
uncivilized globe; and, what is more, in
case of need she will be protected.
Information from another source is to
the effect that two other schooners in the
same trade— the Ainsworth and the Mor
rell—will be forced to the same extreme in
the Dreruises.
BAXTA ROH A FOOTFADS.
Two Thugs Fut to Flight by a Citizen
With a Revolver.
SANTA ROSA, Cal., Jan. 21.— Frank
Mult her, Chief of the Santa Rosa Fire De
partment, was held up on King street,
about 11:30 o'clock last evening. Multher,
who was passing down a very dark street,
had an eye out for footpads, and kept his
hand upon a loaded revolver. When a
command "Hold up your hands!" came he
replied by opening fire, shooting three
times at the would-be robbers, of whom
there were two.
Multhersays they fairly fell over each
other in gettine under way, and that he
rather enjoyed the impromtu footrace.
MAH ERA'S ALLEGED FIREBUG.
AchiUe Foumler Secures the Service* of
a Mind Header for His Trial.
MADERA, Cal., Jan. 21.— The case of
Achille Fournier, charged with arson,
came up to-day in the Superior Court, on
__^_^_ _-■_ ._._,_ "_^, • _^__- _^ NEW TO-DAY.
To develop a lump like that on your arm — a lump of
hard muscle — you have to call forth all the vital energy
in your body to the tempering of this one feature. That
robs the vital organs of much nutrition. That is why so
many people grow weaker in vital strength as they get
stronger, bigger and fatter in tissue. The big, red-faced
man is often depleted in vital power because it takes all
his vitality to feed his large body. The structure calls
for more animal vitality than the nutritive glands can
supply. Such men need Electricity. They need
It Soaks the weakened system with Electricity every
night while you sleep. Electricity is the life of the vital
forces, and it will build the vital energy up to an equality
with the muscular vigor. It makes manhood complete.
Testimonials— Dr. Sanden hardly finds it necessary
to quote them any more, but his book, "Three Classes of
Men," gives the names of many hundreds who have been
made new men. Get it, free.
»-A.*TX>:E2Xr EIiECTRIO CO.
632 MARKET ST., OPPOSITE PALACE MOTEL, SAN FRANCISCC*
Office Hour«-8 to 6 ; Evenings, 7to 8:30 Sundays, 10 to 1.
PQxaand, Ore/eon, OfiSc© 4 258 W bia e tou Street
a motion for a change of venue. The
motion was based on affidavits alleging
such prejudice on the part of the people of
this county as to render it unsafe for
Fournier to go to trial here. Counter affi
davits denying that such prejudice existed
were read on behalf of the people, and the
motion was denied.
Fournier has employed General Kittrell
of Fresno to assist in his defense in his
second trial, and lias subpenaed about
seventy witnesses. The trial begins this
week and will be the most hotly contested
and important ever held in this county.
Fournier, it is said, has secured the servi
ces of "Mind Reader " Tyndali in his be
half.
EUREKA BAXJDIT PLEADS GUILTT.
Bicycle Thief Russell Checks the Taking
of I'.vidence Against Him.
EUREKA, Cal., Jan. 21.— D. A. Russell,
alias Ferrin, the bicycle thief, burglar and
all-round crook, who led the officers such a
merry chase through the mountains last
summer and who, after his capture, out
witted the jailer s and carried off on his leg
a twenty-pound Oregon boot, only to be
caught several months later in another
part of the State, was brought up for trial
this morn ing. The testimony of Lieu
tenant George W. Bennett of the Seven
teenth-street police station, San Francisco,
and that of Milton D. Garratt. grand
trustee of Native Sons of the Golden West,
from whose brass foundry in San Francisco
Russell had at one time stolen a complete
lathe, piece by piece, could not be intro
duced, as Russell, before the witnesses
could be summoned, surprised the jury by
pleading guilty to previous charges.
BAKERS FIELD FORGER CAUGHT.
John Harp Confesses to Having Cashed
a Stolen Money Order.
BAKERSFIELD, Cal., Jan. 2t.— John
Harp, formerly of Stanislaus County,
where he is well connected, was arrested
to-day for complicity in the theft and for
gery of a money order, the crime for which
J. B. Gyle was arrested yesterday. Harp
is recognized as the man who actually pre
sented the order at the postoffice and got
money. Gyle owned up this afternoon to
the officers that he took the order from the
postoffice, having been given the letter by
mistake. Gyle was taken before United
States Commissioner Maude this morning
and was remanded to jail. He will proba
bly be taken to Los Angeles for trial.
STOCKTON ASYLUM SUIT
Action to Obtain Judgment for
the Maintenance of a
Woman.
Citizens Will Protect the Rights of
Frank Curran's First Wife
and Child.
STOCKTON, Cal., Jan. 21. -James A.
Louttit, acting as attorney for the Board
of State Insane Asylum Directors, this
afternoon commenced suit against Frank
Curran to recover judgment for the main
tenance of Curran'a wife at the institution.
There is quite a sensational story back of
this suit. In November, 1885, Mrs. Curran
was committed to the asylum, F. T. Bald
win being at that time Superior Judge.
Shortly before she had given birth to a
girl, and her illness resulted in insanity.
The babe was taken charge of by a relative,
who has since cared for her.
About a year and a half ago Curran took
a trip to Ireland, and while there married
a second time. In December last he ar
rived in San Francisco on his return from
his native country, bringing with him his
second wife and a child.
Mr. Louttit will see that the issue of the
first marriage is not cheated oat of her
birthright. Besides the action Drought by
the asylum directors suit will be instituted
by some one for guardianship of the insane
mother and also of her child. The guard
ian will then look after the interests of
mother and daughter, and see that they
obtain their share of the property which
Curran owns in this city and county. The
asylum directors have sued Curran for
$1385.
SPOKAXE OAIZ SCAXDAZ.
Officials Accused of Planning for the Es~
cape of Prisoners.
SPOKANE, Wash., Jan. 21. — Sheriff
Rinear has suspended Chief Deputy C. E.
Bartholomew and Night Jailer J. M. Mur
phy, charging them with arranging with
prisoners to allow them to effect a jail
break. The Sheriff says he was as much
surprised to find this to be the case as any
one, but the facts came to his ears some
time ago, and alter an investigation he be
lieves that hud lie not susp u nded the men
there would have been a jail-break in a
few days, and a number of the worst crim
inals in the country released.
Nevada Burglar Arrested.
NEVADA, Cal., Jan. 21.— Henry Hart
has been arrested for looting a railroad
toolhouse. The stolen goods were found
in his possession. Burglaries have been
frequent here of late, and it is believed
more crimes will be fastened upon Hart.
£r7 %£* Z^'
"""'"■ m jfirak I'll
™»-»J ijJyM ill
Beh " d ™ 11, f'jfflV s?s
i Only from the \ ' 'Jam SK ■» •
HUDSON 1 1 JBk W;il li-?
HEDICAL l^ff! 111
; INSTITUTE. JB fflf ( \\\ I J -<r5
; Circulars and BBBP I\W 53»
Testimonials I£BP |] MM |^5
Free * % r'lS : '"'"' ; -«5?
HUDSON | I'/brW *I
nEDICAL J' V ("ZJiS\ -I
INSTITUTE. I" . /k'OjH I-
Stockton, 111 rmm 5 s
riarket and f■d\ - \ ) *j£m agr -2.
EIH« itreets. f j\' V*
TAINTED BLOOD- blood, due
to serious private disorders, carries myriads c!
sore-producing germs. Then come sore throat,
pimples, copper-colored spots, ulcers in mouth,
old sores and falling hair. You can save a trip
to Hot Springs by writing for "Blood Bo j's." to
the old physicians of the
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
Stockton, Market and Ellis Sts.
LIVER — your liver Is affected yoa
may feel blue, melancholy, irritable and easily
discontented. You will notice many symptoms
that you really have and many that you really
do not have. You need a good liver regulator,
and this you should take at once. You can get
it from us. Write for book on liver troubles,
"All About the Liver," sent free.
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
Stockton. Market and Ellis Sts.
KIDNEY Remedies are now sought for by
many men, because so many men live rapid
lives— use up their kidneys. If yoa wish to
have your kidneys put in good order send for
our Kidney Regulator, or better, learn some-
thing about your kidneys and how to make the
test. The book, "A Knowledge of Kidneys,"
sent free.
Hudson Medical Institute
Stockton, Market and Ellis Sts.,
SAN FRANCISCO, CAL.
FA/ t Oq
flic?! SWEANY,
San Francisco's Leading Specialist.
SUCCESSFULLY TREATS ALL CHRONIC
diseases of the head, throat, lungs, heart, stom-
a ch, liver and bowels; kidney troubles, disorder*
of the bladder and urinary organs, rupture, piles,
varicocele, hydroceleand swelling 01 the glands.
Low or partial loss of sexual power in either men
j or women, emissions, sleeplessness, mental worry
bashfulnes3, failing memory mid all the distress-
ing ills resulting from nervous debility positively
an 1 permanently cured. Gonorrhcaa. Gleet. Stric-
ture and that terrible and loathsome disease Syph-
ilis, thoroughly mid forever cured.
WRITE your troubles If living away from the
city and advice will bo i;lven you free of charge.
Address F. 1.. SWKANY. M D.
737 Market St. (opposite Examiner Oilice),
San Francisco, Lai.
ADVERTISEMENT
FOR SALE OF
Kings County Bonfls.
"VTOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN* THAT ska I. id
-L^i proposals will be received by the undersigned
up to 12 o'clock m. of the 7th day or February,
l!*9b, for the purchase of thirty-two (321 Kiugs
County Courthouse Bonds, numbered consecutively
from one (] to thirty-two (32), both inclusive, of
the denomination of one thousand ($lOOOl dollars
each, ami payable on the first day of January,
1906, or at any time before th*:. date, at the
pleasure of said county, in cold com of the United
States, with Interest thereon at the rate of four (4)
per cent per annum, payable semi-annually, on the
tirst day of January and on the first day of July of
each year. Bonds and Intereit payable at theofflce
of the County Treasurer of said Kings County.
Said bonds having been issued in conformity with
Orders and Resolutions of the Board of super-
visors of Kings County dated December 8, 1895
and January 6. 1896, and under authority con-
ferred upon said board by (be provisions of and In
accordance with an act of the Legislature of the
Slate of California, entitled "An Act to Establish a
Uniform System of County and Township Govern,
ment." approved March 24, 3 893.
None of said bonds will be sol I for less than face
value and accrued interest, nor shall »ny sale
thereof be final or valid until approved by said
Board of supervisors, and the right us hereby ex-
pressly rcservM to reject any and all proposals
Mark envelope. "Proposals for the purchase of
Courthouse Bonds."
By order of the Board of Supervisors of said
Kings County. W.H. SI.aVIN,
_: County Treasurer.
LiroTAUR., /— x
Chinese Tea and Herb . ( ■ ' i
Sanitorinm,- ®-^Mh
No. 727 Washington St.; \+> •I
San Francisco, Cal. ■ ■ \'^t M
,. °r. Brenh»m Place, abov» \te!^ A
Office Hours: 9to IS, — -*^^»&. /^S>*s^.
1 to 4 and 5 to 7. Sim- >
day, 9 A. M. to 13 M. '
11 Po Tal Jr., son of the famous LI p
Tal, has taken h:s father's business,'
ana is, after eleren years' study la
China, fully prepared to locats and
, treat all disease?. '
Weak Men and Women
OHOULU USE HAMIANA ISITTPIN tuv
I Sueagilj to tne eietual Orsini "«<"'»» anaIS DR. BROWN'S
MIND SHAKEN?
Fear That the Minister Is
on the Verge of a
Serious Illness.
NO VISITORS ADMITTED.
Dr. Williams Denies That Miss
Overman Has Asked for
a Hearing.
MRS. TUNNELL STILL HIDING.
It Is Now Alleged That the Pastor
Introduced Miss Overman as
His Niece.
Dr. Brown is in a critical condition, and
the present state of his mind gives peculiar
significance to the certificate of his medical
attendant, presented to the investigating
committee on Friday night. In this Dr.
George H. Palmer stated :
"I find him threatened with serious ill
ness, and, in my judgment, any excite
ment or unusual mental exertion may be
attended with serious results."
It is not physical illness that is threaten
ing the unfortunate pastor. It is some
thing much more serious .than bodily ill
that his friends and family fear.
His intimates as well as his physician
have heretofore been loth to go into par
ticulars regarding his ailment, but in view
of the doubt as to the seriousness of
the minister's condition, one of the friends
of the family yesterday considered that he
was bat doing a kindness to the pastor to
make public the character of his affliction.
"Dr. Brown," he said, "is threatened
with brain fever if not with something
worse, and has not been really responsible
for anything he has said or done for some
time past. The present trouble has
weighed heavily on his mind ever since he
decided on the exposure and arrest of Mrs.
Davidson.
•lit' has brooded and brooded over the
matter, and has refused counsel or aid
from every one, so far as the ecclesiastical
eide of the complication is concerned. In
fact, he has chosen to be his own attor
ney, and has simply made a mess of it,
thereby making the mental strain under
whicn he has now been for nearly a month
more intense as each step was made.
"Take his utterance of last Wednesday
night during the prayer-meeting. Would
any normal and reasonable man show such
indiscretion, to put it mildly, as to antag
onize without good cause the entire press
of the City?
"Oii the following day his wife found
him standing up in the center of his study
and gazing blankly about. Sue approached
him and asked him what troubled him.
Jl is answer was, 'Where am I?' Mrs.
Brown informed him that he was in his
study .uid asked if there was anything he
•wanted. "Yes, 1 he answered, 'there is
something I want, but 1 can't think what
it is.' it was finally ascertained that he
wanted his dressing-gown.
"Friday he was saying the customary
prayer before breakfast, when he stopped
in the middleof a sentence and was unaDle
to complete it. In conversation he finds
it impossible to retain the continuity of
an idea and breaks off frequently to ask
•with a puzzled look, 'What was I saying ?
Where wa- I .
"When I saw him on Sunday he was
lying on a couch, while hot- water applica
tions were being used on his forehead.
He should in reality have been in bed
then, but he is hard to control. This scan
dal is continually preyingon his mind and
makes him too restless to be kept in bed.
"His physician has prescribed absolute
mental rest, and Dr. Brown has been or
dered not to read anything in the news
papers pertaining to his case. He has, of
course, perfectly lucid intervals, and for
the past two or three days has shown
signs of improvement, though not to any
marked extent."
Dr. Palmer, when asked yesterday as to
the condition of Rev. Dr. Brown, simply
replied that he was somewhat improved.
"Will you state the exact nature of the
trouble that Dr. Brown is suffering from?"
was asked.
"I cannot tell you anything further than
that he is somewhat better," answered the
doctor.
"Is his malady of a physical nature, or
is it one that simply affects his mind?"
was then asked.
"I am very sorry to say that I am not at
liberty to discuss his condition in detail or
state his ailment," was all the physician
would say.
That Dr. Brown's condition is en
tirely understood and appreciated by a
few members of the investigating commit
tee and by his family is not disputed.
Deacon Dexter, Dr. \Villiams and Mrs.
Brown are thoroughly aware of the seri-
ousness of the situation, and it is probably
this knowledge which makes them more
than ordinarily reserved. The pastor's
wife absolutely refuses to answer any
questions pertaining to her husband's
health.
Deacon Dexter said yesterday that while
Dr. Brown was a very sick man, he would
in all probability be able to attend the
Dext meeting prepared to give his version
of the grave charges resting against him.
"I have not seen Dr. Brown to-day," said
Dr. Williams, "because I have been too
busy to call. I understand, however, that
he is a very sick man — more in mind than
body. Just how ill be is Ido not care to
say. though his condition is unquestion
ably serious. It is absolutely necessary
that he have rest and perfect quietness for
the next few days; otherwise I would not
care to be responsible for the result.
'•Of course any visit I might make to Dr.
Brown world be purely of a social nature.
Deacon Dexter has charge of ah business
pertaining to the investigation, so far as
Dr. Brown is concerned, hence it will be
readily seen that any attempt on my part
to prove such a. matter would be entirely
out of place."
In view of Dr. Brown's serious mental
condition, as reported by his friends and
corroborated by the attending physician,
it is not thought possible that he will be
able to attend the regular prayer-meeting
to-night. As senior deacon D. Gilbert
Dexter will in all probability conduct the
services.
Deacons Barnard and Dextei and Dr.
Williams emphatically deny the state
ment published in the Examiner of yes
terday that Mis» Overman at any
time askoa permission to read her version
of the affair before the committee. «
"The story is without foundation in
fact so far as this committee is con
cerned," said Dr. Williams yesterday.
"Miss Overman has never intimated, by
word or deed, any desire to be heard,
though I have no doubt she expects to be
called at the proper time.
''If she has written a statement we are
not aware of it, informally or otherwise.
I say 'we,' because I have attended
every meeting of the committee and I
know that no such request has been re
ceived from her. The statement was also
made that the future meetings of the com
mittee would be open to the public.
While I sincerely trust that such a policy
will be followed, there was nothing Baid
at the meeting last night to indicate such
a course.
"I wish to say right here that a wrong
impression seems to prevail concerning
the position of Deacon Dexter. He is gen
erally credited with beinu' most anxious to
avoid a public inquiry. Such a conclusion
is entirely wrong and does the gentleman
a great injustice. Mr. Dexter wants every
thing to be open and aboveboard, and is
doin'i: nil in his power to bring this about.
lam not prepared to say who it is tnat
oppose a public inquiry, because that
would be betraying a trust. But I do
know tuat Mr. Dexter is not of that num
ber."
The action of the committee as a whole
in insisting that ihe sessions be conducted
behind closed doors has caused consider
able unfavorable comment. Yesterday a
prominent member of the board of inquiry,
under the promise that his name would
not be used, consented to make the follow
ing statement:
"From the very first I have fought
against secret sessions, as have other mem
bers of the committee, but not caring to
offend any one the majority have yielded
to the silent arguments used by the few.
Now do not misunderstand me. There has
never been any actual discussion over the
advisability of secret meetings, but from
a word dropped here and there every man
on the committee understands just how
his fellow-juror, so to speak, feels .
"From what I can gather the following
gentlemen favor open sessions: Dr. Wil
liams, Dr. Mooar, Dr. Pond, Dr. McLean
and Deacons Dexter and Barnard. Those
who by action or otherwise have indicated
a preference for a secret investigation are
Deacons Hatch, Vasconcellos and Dewing
and Folger and Westgate of the standing
committee. One or two of the last named
gentlemen gave evidence of weakening at
the last meeting, thoueh they may be just
as strong in that direction as ever next
Monday night.' 1
The announcement made some days ago
that Dr. Pond would decline to serve on
the committee appears to be without
foundation. The reverend gentleman is
now at Santa Cruz on business, but he has
written Dr. Williams a letter declaring his
intention of being present at the next
meeting. The last named gentleman said
yesterday that Dr. Pond's apparent un
willingness to serve was not due to fear of
public opinion, but to business matters
which demanded his attention. He had
been induced, however, to lay aside all
these things, and would unquestionably be
present at ail future meetings.
Mrs. Tunnell is not in San Francisco,
and there is very little likelihood of her
coming here until after the trial of Mrs.
Davidson. Just what her testimony
would be in open court is purely p»*oble-
matifal, but her hasty departure after
the Sunday night visit to Dr. Brown
creates the impression that any statement
she might be called upon to make under
oath would be unfavorable to all con
cerned.
Mrs. Tunnell, or rather Mrs. Fowler, for
that is her proper name, is still in hiding
in Tulare county. Her wearing apparel
which she left at 1041 Mission street, has
been shipped to her by express. This
would seem to indicate that her stay in
the lower country will be poverned by the
developments in the Brown-Davidson
scandal.
It Will beremembered that in the first
developments of this case it was alleged
that Dr. Brown introduced Miss Overman
to many people as his niece. This was on
the occasion of the joint trip to Tacoma by
the water route. It is probable that the
pastor will be asked by the committee to
explain this, and also another event of
practically similar nature.
Shortly aftor Miss Overman first came to
San Francisco and at the same time a
regular inmate of the pastor's house, she
became prominent in the First Congrega
tional Church. It is alleged that on her
first visit to the church she became a
member of Dr. Brown's Bible class. It is
now alleged that she was introduced by
the pastor as his niece, and was so looked
on for a long time.
Gradually, however, it became known
that she was merely a portege, so to speak,
and while that did not lessen her popular
ity, it caused considerable comment. The
apparent platonic friendship of Dr. Brown
for Miss Overman soon d'spelled any suspi
cions which might have been aroused and
so the matter was allowed to drop.
It was not until the accusations of Mrs.
Davidson became public property that the
Bible class episode was recalled. Now the
committee will ask Dr. Brown to explain.
No arrangements have as yet been made
by the committee for the introduction of
Mrs. Davidson's statement. Mrs. David
son will be given a hearing beyond any
doubt, but whether in the committee-room
or branch County Jail has not been de
cided.
TO-MOBROW'S AUCTION.
A Large Attendance and Spirited Bid-
ding Anticipated at the Sale-
Judging from the numerous inquiries
made the indications are that Baldwin <fc
Hammonds auction sale of the property
belonging to the Pacific Improvement
ConiDany will draw a big crowd to-morrow
and there wiil be active competition for
the property.
While the inquiry is confined principally
to the lots near the power-house of the
Market-street Kailway Company, and
especially to those on Market and Valencia
streets, the other property on the cata
logue will probably develop numerous bid
ders. The lots in the block bounded by
Fifteenth, Sixteenth, Valencia street and
Albion avenue are very desirable and
should bring good prices.
The auctioneers announce that they will
be prepared, if necessary, to meet the low
est views of intending purchasers and this
announcement should attract those who
are hunting for bargains.
The sale takes place at 12 o'clock noon
to-morrow at the salesroom of Baldwin tfc
Hammond, 10 Montgomery street.
Flood's Home Released.
The attachment levied by the Ponohoe-
Kelly Bank upon the property on Eddy street
held by the wife and daughters of .1. W. Flood,
the defaulting cashier, has been released.
When first the trouble for Flood began Joseph
A. Donohoe assured him that Mrs. Flood and
her daugnters snould not be deprived of their
home. Acting upon z that Flood deeded his
property on Eddy street to them, but afterward
ihe.-bank attached the property to the full
amount of $1:19,000, the sum ol Flood's short
age, although the property was not worth near
that suxn.:'Flood pleaded guilty and was sen
tenced to seven years' imprisonment, 'and
now, in pursuance of Donohoe's prolate, the
attachment lias been released. - •
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 22, 1896.
DEATH OF A. PAGE BROWN
The Architect Succumbed to In
juries Received Last
October.
WAS PROSTRATE FOR MONTHS.
Career as an Architect in This City.
Noted Buildings Which He
Designed.
A. Page Brown, an architect well known
in San Francisco and New York, died at
Burlingarne, San Mateo County, yesterday
at 8:25 a. m. Death was the result of in
juries inflicted in a runaway on October 7.
At the time of this accident Mr. Brown
was driving a spirited horse, which be
came unmanageable and dashed the cart
into a gully. Mr. Brown was so badly
hurt that he was never able to get about
again. During a long period of suffering
he was unconscious most of the time. He
was moved from one bed to another in the
same room to afford him relief, but during
all the time he was completely prostrate.
A. Page Brown came to San Francisco
from New York in 1888. He took a lead-
THi: LATE A. P.VGK BROWN.
[From a photograph by Taber.]
ing position among architects at onie, as
the reputation which he had gained in
New York had extended to California.
His career in this City was one of great
activity. He was the architect of the
handsome Crocker building, of the A. N.
Towne house on California street, the
Donahue buiiding, the Crocker monument
in Mountain View Cemetery, the Alham
bra Theater at Redwood City, the Califor
nia building of the World's Fair, Chicago,
the Y. M. C. A. buildine on Ellis street,
the Administration building of the Mid
winter Fair, and the cottages of Bur
lin game. His design for the union depot
at the foot of Market street was accepted
by the State Board of Harbor Commis
sioners.
Mr. Brown was 3»> years of age last Octo
ber. He was born in New York and was
educated there, graduating with honors at
Cornell University. He married in New
York a daughter of Judge Roger A. Pryor.
In the ante-bellum days Judge Pryor was
a member of Congress from Virginia, and
during the war espoused the cause of the
Southern Confederacy. At the close of
the struggle he went to New York and be
came a leader at the bar. Mrs. Pryor gained
some distinction in recent years as a con
tributor to the magazines, and Page Brown
was highly pleased with his mother-in
law's literary achievements.
Mi. Hrown's family consisted of his wife
and three children. He was not a rich
man by any means, but it is reported that
he carried ' life Insurance policies to the
amount of $75,000.
In the full meaning of the term he was
progressive and public-spirited and men
who knew of his talents and energy and
tact predicted for him a professional ca
reer of exceptional renown. He was a
member of the Bohemian, Pacific Union
and University clubs, He was also a Ma
son of California Lodge, a Knight Templar
of California Commandery, a member of
the Institute of Architects and the Mark
Hopkins Institute of Art.
William H. Crocker, who was intimately
acquainted with Mr. Brown, went to Bur
linsame yesterday.
The funeral services will be held to-mor
row, Thursday, at the family residence in
Burlingame, on the arrival" of the 10:40
a. m. train from San Francisco. The in
terment w.ll be private.
AGAINST PRESERVE CLUBS
The Sportsman's Protective Asso
ciation Is Aroused to
Action.
Prominent Speakers Who Addressed
the Meeting— Will Fight to
a Finish.
The Sportman's Protective Association
held a very large and enthusiastic meeting
last night at K. of R. B. Hail. Mason and
O'Farrell streets. W. J. Ahem presided,
and made the opening address, in which
he explained the objects of the meeting,
which were to provide measures to com
bat the actions of the preserve ciub3, which
are trying to defeat the aims of the sports
men at large.
About one hundred new members joined
the club, among whom was John Lee, of
the firm of Christy & Wise, who spoke as
follows:
"i have been a resident of this State for
twenty-six years and was one of the first
to join the Cordelia Preserve Club; but a
few years ago I made a visit to my native
country, England, and there saw a practi
cal illustration of the pernicious system of
preserve clubs and the thought then
dawned. upon me that I was espousing a
cause that in my younger days 1 was
strongly opposed to, and on my return
to ihis City I immediately "resigned
from, tbo Cordelia Preserve Club, since
which time I have fought the preserve
club system because I do not wish to see
the old country laws regarding game in
troduced into this grand and free State."
George \V. Dennis Jr., who was ap
pointed a committee on laws and super
vision at a recent meeting of the associ
ation, read the opinions of some prominent
attorneys on the question of blockading
navigahle sloughs. They all considered
the actions of the Cordelia Preserve Club
as being decidedly illegal. The association
will have the United States Grand Jury
and the Attorney-General take action
against, the Cordelia Club.
The next meeting of the association will
beheld on Tuesday evening, February 4,
at its regular meeting quarters.
HOBBED A NOBLEMAN'S SON.
Warrant Out for Sadie Moore Alias
Lizzie Cook.
Arthur Burgher, who says he is a son of
an Austrian nobleman, swore out a war
rant in Judge Conlan's court yesterday for
the arrest of Sadie Moore, on the charge
of grand larceny.
! Burgher said he had been in this City
! about six months. Three years a»o he
i left home for a trip around the world! He
had visited Italy, Turkey, Siberia, China,
< Japan, and in July last he reached this
continent.
Monday night he left the Grand Hotel,
where be bad been a guest, to see the
I sights and by chance met Sadie Moore,
J better known as Lizzie Cook. They visited
I several pleasure resorts together and had a
j jolly time. After Burgher returned to his
| room he discovered that his money had
j disappeared. He had about $80 when he
met Sadie and although he had spent
about $50 while in her company, he was
! $30 short. He told his friends at the hotel
that he had been robbed and they advised
1 him to have Sadie arrested.
MERCED'S LICENSE LAW
It Receives Some Support From
a Supreme Court De
cision.
The Law Cannot Be Tested by Trying
Individual Cases of Op
pression.
The high license ordinance of Merced
County has been supported by the Supreme
Court in an appeal from a decision in favor
of the county, the action being one to coi
lect licenses under the law.
The principal contention was that the
court erred in excluding evidence offered
] by defendant to show that tiie effect of the
i ordinance in question, if enforced, is vir
: toallv to prohibit the retail traffic in
j the county of Merced.
In deciding this point the Supreme
Court admits that the power to regulate
for the purpose of revenue is not the power
to prohibit, and an attempt to accomplish
the latter object under pretense of regula
tion cannot be upheld ; in other words the
right to prohibit the sale or traffic in in
toxicating liquors is entirely separate and
distinct from the power to impose a license
tax thereon, for revenue purposes, and an
ordinance which in terms proceeds under
the latter power, but in its effect amounts
to an exercise of the former, will not
stand.
The questionjof the evil effects of the law,
the Supreme Court announces, cannot be
determined from the effects of the ordi
nance upon one man. The .Board of Su
pervisors in passing the law is presumed
to have acted in good faith, and it cannot
be assumed that, while pretending to fix
the tax for revenue, they will make it so
large 39 to prohibit business. When a
court hears evidence to determine whether
or not a license tax be so high as to pro
hibit business, they take upon themselves
the exercise of a legislative power. The
Supreme Court, therefore, says that
whether or not an ordinance be reason
able is a question to be determined from
the ordinance, and it must be upheld un
less, as a matter of law, the court finds it
is so evidently unreasonable as to be be
yond the proper limitations of a law-mak
ing body.* It is not a question of fact to
be determined upon the varying circum
stances of each particular case.
the law be reasonable or not is for the
court to decide and not for a jury, and so
evidence as to ita individual effects is not
admissible.
TWO NEW CORPORALS.
Patrolmen W. F. Geimann and Michael
SJnumliHii Promoted.
Two promotions were made by Chief
Crowley yesterday, which were acknow
ledged to be richly deserved. William P.
Geiuiann and Michael Shanahan were pro
moted to the rank of corporal.
Geimann is a native son and joined the
department on October 16, 1891. He was
at once assigned for duty in the Property
Clerk's office, where he remained till last
week, when he was transferred to the
Chief's office. He is a popular young
officer, and as the Chief remarked yester
day "he is a very competent cierk."
Shanahan was" born in Ireland and joined
the force on December 9, 1889. He is an
efficient orlicer and was one of the six men
selected for mounted duty in the Mission
district last month. He will have charge
of the mounted squad, under, of course,
the direction ol Captain Gillin.
The golden wedding of Mr. and Mrs.
Richard Threadgold, two aged inmates of
Kettering Workhouse, England, was cele
brated in that institution recently.
Threadgold is 81 years of age and hia wife
if 86.
THE FERRY DEPOT MUDDLE
Attorney Stratton Diametrically
Opposed to Attorney Fitz
gerald.
THE COMMISSIONERS WILL ACT.
Ex-Superintendent of State Dredgers
W. Cruse Was Completely
Exonerated.
Attorney Frederick S. Stratton is of the
opinion that the Haroor Commissioners
should go ahead with the building of the
new ferry depot. When the board met
yesterday he presented a statement which
began as follows:
At the inception of my employment as
special counsel by your board I found that
with reference to the adoption of plans and
specifications and the preliminary steps look
ing to tne execution of contracts for the pro
posed building, you had followed the pro
visions of section 2524 of the Political Code,
and it was understood that you had not pur
sued the method required by the general
building act of March 28, 1876.
Not being responsible, therefore, for the
situation in which I found your board as to
which of these laws should have Deen pursued,
I have endeavored to view the questions in
volved impartially and judicially.
The result has "been to unhesitatingly con
firm the opinion which I have heretofore ex
pressed to you, that the section of the Political
('ode referred to, and not the buildidg act of
1 H / (>, should control.
Unfortunately, however, the Attorney-Gen
eral has till along dissented and has expressed
himself in writing as convinced that the
building Ret of 1870 should alone be followed
in the letting of contracts :or the new
ferry and passenger depot.
He then referred to the fact that the At
torney-General as chief law officer of the
State would have great power with the
Boftrd of Examiners, and pointed out that
he (Stratton) had "labored assiduously to
harmonize the building act and the Politi
cal Code," in order to show that the proper
steps required in each had been pursued.
Attorney Stratton then goes on to say:
The building act requires that all specifica
tion^ and plans mv.it iirst be approved by the
Governor, Secretary of State and Treasurer,
after which proposals inviting bids shall there
upon be published.
But the building act does not require the ap
proval of the Governor, Secretary of State and
Treasurer to be evidenced in writing, and I
am of the opinion that i* they were orally ap
proved by them then this preliminary and
important objection will have been success
fully mci.
Tne Governor, in his conversations with me,
had in your presence, is positive as to the ap
proval by himself and the Secretary of State,
and it has only remained to determine whether
or not the Treasurer had, through his deputy,
likewise given his approval.
The Attorney-General has, as I understood
him, announced to me that if such approval
bad been made by the deputy of the Treasurer,
and if the Governor would further so certify
sueli facts in any written communication, then
we could doubtless harmonize all the remain
ing steps to be followed by both the building
act and the Political Code.
The various contractors and their attorneys
have ail along, and with propriety, bitterly
compluiued at the embarrassments of the situ
ation and have sought at your hands some so
lution of tiie difficulty, and I think, therefore,
that you should take some definite steps -with
out further delay, so as to determine what your
portion would be, and, if necessary, enable
any person or officer aggrieved to test the mat
ter in some appropriate proceeding.
I do not think that the board should, unless
their duty is plain, disavow their own jurisdic
tion ami impugn the correctness of the steps
which they have already taken in this matter.
I call your attention to the fact; that, al
thoueh the Attorney-General is the highest
law dllicer in the .State, and while any opinion
given by him should undoubtedly receive the
consideration and should be entitled to the
respect which the known ability and learning
of that officer entitles it, still such opinion no
more determines the law than does the opinion
of any attorney to whom the questions might
be submitted.
The Attorney-General himselt freely con
cedes this, and, provided you act in good faith,
any stops pursued by you in this matter would
free you from all criticism and question of per
sonal liability.
The lowest bid in each cace and for the vari
ous parts of the depot work have been accepted
by you. This, therefore, constitutes a con
tract between the State and the various con
tractors. The execution of the written instru
ments embodying all the terms as to specifica
tions and proposals, together with the accept
ance of any Did, while perfectly proper and
necessary for certain purposes, does not, how
ever, render the rights of the contractors any
more binding than they now are.
Should you continue to refuse, or to delay en
tering nto such contract, then, as a proposi
tion of law. the contractors would have an
election either to enforce their rights as evi
denced by the acceptance of their bids, or they
could treat the contracts as rescinded by
mutual consent.
Mr. Rtratton then recommends that the
board go ahead and act on its original
plan, and concludes by saying:
Should the Board of Examiners refuse to ap
prove any warrant issued by you for this work,
then] as I have heretofore argued the same
question before Judge Sanderson, which was
followed by a favorable decision on his part, I
should be very glad to avail myself of auy op
portunity to appear in the Supreme Court as
amicus curia; and present my views on the
points involved.
I therefore recommend that you, by resolu
tion, call upon the contractors, and each of
them, to forthwith appear at a time and place
named to enter into the contracts heretofore
submitted to you for adoption.
After the reading of the report it was de
cided by President Colnon and Commis
sionpr Chadbourne that all the bondsmen
should be required to be in attendance at
2p. m. to-morrow. At that hour the con
tracts will be signed and the contractors
can begin work at once. Then when the
first bill is presented to the Harbor Com
missioners they can refuse payment, and
the case will be carried to the Supreme
Court.
It is all not plain sailing, however. Gov
ernor Budd does not seem to be satisfied
about the matter. After the Harbor Com
missioners adjourned yesterday a telegram
was received by President Colnon stating
that in view of the fact that there was a
difference of opinion among the attorneys
in regard to the law of 1876 and the code,
that it would be better to have an agreed
case submitted to the Supreme Court.
This mixes up matters considerably, but
the chances are that the bonds will be
signed to-morrow, and that the first pay
ment for work done will carry the case
into court.
When the depot question was disposed
of the Simpson Lumber Company ap
peared by its secretary and objected to be
ing charged wharfage for lumber that was
allowed to remain on the wharf over
twenty-four hours. It was shown that it
was not a permanent occupation, but that
every lumber vessel that discharged left so
much of a surplus which was carted away
as quickly as possible. In the circum
stances President Colnon moved that the
chief wharfinger be instructed to deal
leniently with the company.
Superintendent of Construction Patter
son got into trouble with Commissioner
Chadbourne. The former O. X.'d a bill of
D. Kelso's for teaming work done in haul
ing rock to the seawall lots. The account
went back to last September, and nothing
accompanied it to show what the money
was being paid for. This made Chad
bourne angry, and he refused to pay the
money until an itemized bill was sub
mitted. Patterson attempted to explain
the situation, but the colonel refused to
accept anything but an itemized account.
If D. Kelso wants that $160 which his bill
calls for he had better do what Commis
sioner Chadbourne wants, and explain
what he has done in order to have a claim
against the State for $160.
William Cruse, the ex-superintendent of
dredgers, whom Haste accused of receiv
ing a percentage from firms who did work
for the State, nad the following concerns
represented to deny the allegation: Cali
fornia Machine Works, Phelps Manufac
turing Company, W. F. Boswell it Co.,
William Deacon (Main-street Iron Works),
Golden State Foundry, J. C. Hendry cfc
Co., Brufifit Siowa & Co.; White J3fos.,
Crockard & Co., Thompson & Sons, and S.
P. Nelson & Co. President Colnpn ques
tioned them all very closely, and at the
conclusion said, "Mr. Cruse, the result is
very fluttering to you," in which sentiment
Commissioner Chadbourne heartily con
curred. During the questioning it was
brought out that nearly all the men ex
amined were Republicans, and President
Colnon jokingly remarked, "To the victors
belong the spoils."
Since Mr. Colnon has been on the board,
however, the regular routine has been
changed, and now everything required by
the State on the water front has to be put
up and given to the highest bidder. In
this way all supplies are purchased and
repairs to tugboats and dredgers made.
A new system is in force, and the presi
dent is determined to see that the water
front is run on a purely business basis.
IN NEW HANDS.
Chase's New England Home Bakery
Passes into the Hands of Gano
Coleman,
The beautiful bakery at 1923 Fillmore
street known as Chase's New England
Home Bakery has passed into the hands
of Gano Col em an.
It will be remembered that this estab
lishment was erected a little over a year
ago. The amount of money expended in
every detail attracted a good deal of com
ment at the time. The salesrooms and
offices are elaborately decorated, the
delivery wagons are the prettiest driven
through the streets, and the bakery proper
is very large and furnished with every
facility for producing the very best results.
Gano Coleman.
"What was at the time considered as
lavish expenditure has proved a profitable
one.
"That the time is ripe fora large bakery
run on modern lines is evident," said Mr.
Coleman, the new proprietor, yesterday,
"and while I have retained all the old heip
I have taken steps to conduct the business
on a larger scale, and in a still more satis
factory manner."
Mr. Coleman was born and bred in the
South, his birthplace being Augusta
Ga. For several years past he has re
sided in San Francisco and for the last
eight years he has been identified with the
big grocery-house of Goldberg, Bowen &
Leibenbaum. His many friends wish him
continued success in his new business in
vestment. ■
r.lmJ.-s Convicted.
Gilbert Blodes, the young proprietor of
the poolrooms frequented by ladies, was yes
terday convicted by Judge Joachlmsen of vio
lating the pool ordinance, and ordered to
appear for sentence on Saturday. Attorney
Lennon intimated that he would at once
appeal the case to the Superior Court
— -~____-__ N S?LJ^ DAT ~ AUCTIO^L-^ A i^ : ~ ~-~~ —
To=Morrow yg
To=Morrow 1|
To=Morrow mkk
To=Morrow |^y
At 12 o'clock noon, in our salesroom, we
will sell
AT AUCTION
The Pacific Improvement Company's cen-
trally located business and residence property.
7fl ' I HTO Witn Montages on Market,
■ 11 1 II Id Mission, Valencia, Twelfth,
1 %* hVI V Hermann, etc. Also corner
Seventeenth and Castro; corner Fifteenth
and Valencia, and 5 lots on Waller, near
Stanyan.
HAVE YOU A CATALOGUE??
BALDWIN and
HAMMOND, io Montgomery St.
TERMS : X Cash.
Balance in 1, 2 and 3 years.
CROCKERY FIRM ASSIGNS
L. Altschul and Company Un
der Examination by
Creditors.
THEIR LIABILITIES $18,000.
The Assets Were $10,000 Which, With
Other Resources, May Permit
Resumption Soon.
The crockery business of L. Altschul &
Co. of 42"_' Bansome street is in the hands
of an assignee, pending an investigation
by a committee of creditors to deciie
whether to have the linn continue the
business or to close up accounts with the
stock on hand.
On January 16 Altschul, realizing hia
position, caused by a depression of busi
ness, too active competition and an ina
bility to collect, appointed .Philip Stern
his assignee, and Monday afternoon about
thirty of tbe local creditors met at Attor
ney Abraham Kuef's office and ratified
the appointment of the assignee and com
mended the choice made.
The liabilities amount to about $18,000,
and are divided among thirtv-flve local
creditors and twelve Eastern creditors.
They are all commercial debts with the
exception of three or four money loans
covered by merchandise securities not
included in the list of asseis, which is
valued at about $10,000. It is asserted that
the assets and tne liabilities would nearly
balance if the pledged debts were counted
as assets.
The sentiment expressed by the credit
ors at Monday's meeting was in favor of
Altschul's continuing the business and be
ing allowed time in which to settle his in
debtedness.
A committee of three, representing the
American Import Company, S. L. Jones <fc
Co. and Marsh, Kidd & Co., was appointed
from the commercial creditors to appraise
the value of the stock ana to decide upon
the advisability of continuing the busi
ness. The committee is composed of ex
perts in the crockery and glassware busi
ness and will make its report in a few days.
Meanwhile the assignee will go on with
the business.
CLEARED HER DECKS.
The Monterey Made Ready and Her Big
Guns Trained on the City.
There was an exhibition drill on board
the battle-ship Monterey yesterday. It was
a pretty exhibition, and those who wit
nessed it were highly pleased with the
movements of the crew and the easy and
ready handling of the big guns.
Lieutenaut Wadhams was in command
of the men. The deck was cleared for ac
tion in almost less time than it requires to
tell the story. The big guns were trained
on the City in order to show how easy it
would be to drop projectiles into the cen
ters teeming with commercial life.
"Big Betsy." "Big Ben" and the Hotch
kiss guns were handled witn a quickness
that greatly surprised those who witnessed
the drill. The movements of the men
showed that they were thoroughly in
touch with the arts peculiar to battle
ships.
The display demonstrated to the satis
faction of the experts present that the
Monterev is thoroughly equipped for
coast-defense purposes, and that the decks
can be cleared for action almost in the
twinkling of an eyj.
56
CHARLES M. SHORTRIDQE,
Editor and Proprietor.
SUBSCRIPTION RATES-Postaze Free:
Telly Bed Sunday .one week, by carrier.. $0.15
Tally and Sunday Call, one year, by mall — 6.00
J>illy and Sunday Cam., six months, by mail.. S.OO
Dally and Sunday Call, three months by mall 1.50
1 aUj And Sunday Call, one mouth, by mall.. .65
Sunday Call, one year, by mall ■ 1.60
Weekly Cam., one year, by mail. 1.60
BUSINESS OFFICE:
710 Market Street,
San Francisco, California.
Wepbone Maln-1868
EDITORIAL ROOMS:
617 Clay Street.'
Telephone., Matn-1874
BRANCH OFFICES :
880 Montgomery street, corner Clay; open ÜBtll
f :W> o'clock.
f. v P Hay** street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
737 LcrKia street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
fc-W. corner Sixteenth and Mission streets; open
u.il 9 o'clock.
iilh itlstioD street; open until 9 o'clock.
ii» £<Uiili street ; open until 0 o'clock.
OAKLAND OFFICE :
008 Broadway.
EASTERN OFFICE:
Booms SI and 82, 34 Park Row, .New Tor* City.
DAVID 24. FOLTZ, Special Agent. ;
WEDNESDAY JANUARY 22. 1896
THE CALL SPEAKS FOR ALL.
The Florida militia paraded, but there
was no fight.
The rain not only starts the blooms but
brings out the bloomers.
Whenever Buckley retires into a hole he
pulla local Democracy in after him.
Japanese competition is maKing the
rr.ost inveterate free-traders blink again.
Don't forget that the best show in town
at present is that of the Guild of Arts and
Crafts.
In the drama of the funding bill fight
the real v.lot will not be revealed until the
last art.
Bayard's reply is just long enough to
get a long way off from the thing he was
replying to.
The bloomer girl is simply a new woman
with sense enough to take her ekirts in
cat of the wet.
Campos may be s:::d to be well out of
the Cuban war. but as a matter of fact he
was never well in it.
The Monroe doctrine, as expounded by
Benator Davis, not only covers the whole
thing but tucks in all around.
The deficit tariff continues to work the
bond mill with all the force and effective
ness of a 40-horsepower engine.
In every crisis of the Southern Pacific
the Pattison report comes up like Ban
quo'B ghost and will not down.
The H.mse Committee on Pacific Rail
roads will hear the protest of California
and let us hope it ■will also heed.
Huntington has many schemes for evad
ing his debts, but up to date he has not
found a single one for paying them.
St. Louis ha 3 begun to put or. all the airs
of a political center aud shows a tendency
to regard Washington as a sideshow.
This is a good time for interior cities to
hold Venetian carnivals, for wherever
there is a flood there ought to be a fair.
Selling game out of season is one way of
making game of the game law, but the
law can play at it as well as the dealers.
Chicaeo is saiil to have got the Demo
cratic convention by an expenditure , of
less than $170. It was on the bargain
counter.
Boies r'arlisle. Ingall«, Olney and
Dson are in the Democratic ball-ring
now and the plot and the soup are both
thickening.
If Cleveland does not bring Bayard home
..; public sentiment, Congress
should see to it that public sentiment goes
home to him.
The monopoly is scattering its fights all
owr everything from a refunding scheme
in Washington to a streetcar transfer in
rancisco.
Now that the Academy of Sciences is to
give a series of popular lectures it will be
something more to the average citizen
than a fossil show.
If the proposed organization of a dis
tinct silver party is carried out it will have
no other effect than that of putting a cloud
on the silver prospect.
There can be no question that Mayor
Sutro has stirred up Congress sufficiently
to prevent the railroad lobby from making
any deal on the dead quiet.
The Beilly funding bill seems to have
been brought out just for show and it is
another horse in the railroad stable that
is expected to do the running.
There is hardly lively to be any great de
bate on the tariff question in this cam
paign, as there is too much of a deficit on
the Democratic side of the argument.
During the last two years of our Demo
cratic administration the excess of gold
exports over goM imports at New York was
?r ! 144,952, and the end is not yet in
Bight.
Ohio Democrats are said to have found a
Presidential candidate in a man named
Ingalls who has a sack, but whether it is
the man or the sack they intend to put up
is not clear.
Tho debate on the Monroe doctrine gives
the Senate the noblest theme for a great
oration that has been offered to statesmen
in this generation, and if any Senator is
equal to it his speech will be immortal.
The offer of the Harbor Commissioners
of a site for a free market should be ac
cepted, even though the place is not as
central an could be desired. In move
ments of this kind the main tiling is to
get started.
Now that the report of the committee on
the Dunraven charges has been made
public and all the charges shown to be
fake, the Britisher should open his mouth
just long enough to apologize and then
shut up forever.
Tiie plea of Bayard lhat or.c of his
offensive speeeches was nmreported — that
it was made in a humorous, post-prandial
tone and that the reporters were confused,
as fcoruu of the words of the speech were
Latin — at once raises the question whether
any man can be accounted a diplomatist
who undertakes to talk Latin in an after
dinner speech.
THERE IS NO EXCUSE.
If there were conceivable good reasons,
either oh the score of justice or policy, for
extending the debt of the Pacitic roads,
fair-minded persons could be found in
abundant numbers to support such a
scheme. In California, where of necessity
the case is better understood than any
where else in the country, there is a unan
imity of opinion against such a scheme,
and this opinion isen titled to respect from
the country at large and particularly from
Congress.
Nothing could be more deplorable than
the bitter antagonism existing between
the Southern Pacitic Company and the
people of California, for that very feeling,
acting independently of the causes that
have produced it, has been exceedingly in
jurious to the State. Such a condition of
affairs exists in no other State of the
Union. Iso other railroad in this country
is so hated and feared by the people whom
it serves.
This cannot be explained on any as
sumption that the people of this State are
unreasonable or that they cherish a preju
dice against capital. On 'the contrary,
some of the largest and richest corpora
tions flourish here, and some of the
strongest of them have the confidence and
respect of the people. All that have been
reasonable in their relations with the pub
lic are treated with all due consideration.
But when a powerful corporatiou, what
ever its business, follows the methods
which have distinguished the conduct of
the Southern Pacific, it must expect to
meet with the bitterest opposition that a
common sense of outrage will in
spire. The people had already believed
that the company had resorted to prac
tices of a character to outlaw it, but this
impression was given tangible force by
the irrefragable testimony brought out in
two of the most famous legal investigations
ever held in this country. One was the Col
ton suit, in which the widow of one of the
four men who built the Central Pacific
sued the surviving partners for an
accounting. In that trial disclosures of
the most astounding and staggering kind
were made— among others thatC. P. Hunt
ington, over his own signature, coolly dis
cussed in letters addressed to Colton the
regular business of controlling Congres
sional legislation in favor of the company
by corrupt means.
That was only a small part of the infamies
discovered. The Pattison railroad inquiry
went further into material matters and
showed how the people and the Govern
ment had been grossly swindled in the
I construction and management of the
| property. The wonder is less that an an
| tagouisin exists than that it is not far
I deeper and more relentless than it is. In
comparison with the wrongs which they,
; the people, have suffered, the vigor of their
present protest is very feeble and inade
quate. It is upon their knowledge of the
past that their fears of the future are
based. They know not only that the pas
; sajre of a funding bill would perpetuate
i the evils which have oppressed them, but
that these evils will of necessity De in
creased. The State is now carrying a heav
ier burden than it can bear, and it is call
ing upon the country to save it from de
struction.
THE ASTS AND CEAFTS.
The initial exhibition given under tne
direction of the Guild of Arts and Crafts is
I a remarkably successful beginning. The
art of printing, from its origin to its latest
i development, is the subject under present
I review, and a surprisingly large and com
! prehensive collection of specimens has
been assembled. The exhibition has in its
intrinsic beauties, aside from its industrial
I interest, an attractiveness of a rare order.
The guild is an association of enthusias
i tic promoters of esthetic advancement and
its membership embraces practical work
era in various lines of art and others who
have sympathy for the movement thus un
• dertaken. Its usefulness csn be made very
extensive, the mere effect of membership
in it conducing strongly to the advance
ment of higher culture in matters within
! its scope. It can elevate the general
standard of a taste in architecture, interior
decoration, painting, prints, furnishings
and many other things.
At present, so far as we are informed,
its purvit-w is limited to those matters
which have a universal home and value.
In time we shall expect it to expand its
field to embrace artistic possibilities pe
culiar to California. There is abundant
time for all that. Meanwhile it is very
likely soon to be that membership in this
guild will be regarded as a cachet of refine
ment. Still better than that wonld be its
endowment by gome wealthy Californian
after some such generous fashion as that
set by Mr. Searles -with regard to the Hop
kins Institute of Art.
The merit of such an attention will be
determined by the conduct of the guild it
self. If it discover a high order of business
sense and keep down any possible tenden
cies toward internal jealousies it is sure to
command respect and exercise power. It
has the opportunity of doing a fine and
lasting service to the people of the City,
and as its spirit must be democratic it
should be able to carry its benefits to
all classes ready to accept them.
CLEVELAND'S POBEIGN POLICY.
Reports from Washington concerning
the attitude of the administration toward
Cuba are uncertain and somewhat conflict
ing. It seems fairly assured, however, that
a decided step of one kind or another is
under consideration by the Cabinet and
the rapid march of events in the island
may lead to its announcement to Congress
is a very short time.
It is rather unfortunate that at this
juncture the administration should be so
much discredited by its home policy and
so much out of favor with the people on the
eve of a Presidential election. The situ
ation is such that many patriotic people
will be led to suspect tljat the President
is seeking to get up something like a war
excitement in order to distract attention
from the serious blunders committed in
his tariff and financial measures. If such
a suspicion finds place in pome quarters at
home we may be sure it will be accepted
as truth by not a few people abroad. The
natural result of such suspicions will be to
weaken the effect of the language of the
administration and make the possibility
of war more probable than it would other
wise be.
This weakness of the administration
makes it imperative that both branches of
Congress should give it prompt and effec
tive support. It is most satisfactory,
therefore, to note that in neither House
has there been any notable attempt either
to hamper the action of the President or to
cast suspicion on his motive. The attitude
of the Republican leaders has been
thoroughly and constantly patriotic in the
whole matter. Without condoning in the
slightest degree the mischief caused by the
free-trade deficit tariff and the offensive
manner in which the bonded debt has been
increased, all Republicans have heartily
sustained the President in the general
policy he has adopted toward the settle
ment of the foreign question.
These facts must be borne in mind when
the time comes for Congress to act upon
any policy Cleveland may adopt toward
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 22, 1896.
Cuba or the formal indorsement, of resolu
tions defining the scope and limit of the
Monroe doctrine. Such questions will, of
course, cause differences of opinion on
matters of detail, and therefore give rise
to what may prove to be prolonged debates
in both Houses. The discussion, however,
will not imply any opposition to the Mon
roe doctrine as a principle, nor any
attempt to weaken the administration in
dealing with a foreign nation. However
the debates may range the virtual una
nimity of sentiment on those two proposi
tions has been made evident and declared.
It seems that the time has come when
the United States must make clear to all
the world the policy it intends to pursue as
the controlling power of the Western
hemisphere. It must make clear also the
further fact that its Pan-American policy
will be determined at Washington, and
not by some court of arbitration held
elsewhere. Matters of detail like the
boundary line of Venezuela may be sub
mitted to arbitration, but the Monroe
doctrine will not be. Questions of
autonomy, independence or indemnity be
tween Cuba and Spain may be arbitrated,
but the right of Spain to transfer the
island to some European power will not
be. On this hemisphere the United States
is to be supreme, and Europe is not to be
here at all. To that extent the country
will support the administration against
all foreign cowers, and will deal with the
deficit tariff and bond syndicates as mat
ters of strictly home politics.
KINDS OP MILLIONAIRES.
Tne death of the man llippey, who shot
and tried to kill J. W. Mackay a year or
two ago, and who for the offense was con
victed of Bimple assault and sentenced to
a short term of imprisonment in the
County Jail, has brought to light a story
to the effect that Mr. Mackay had made
arrangement* to live in California and
employ his great fortune in the develop
ment of the State's resources, but that he
abandoned the idea in disgust when a
jury of intelligent citizens brought in a
verdict so manifestly unjust, and deter
mined to employ his great wealth in spme
country where elementary justice is better
understood and more impartially admin
istered.
"With the merits of that case The Call
has nothing to do. If it is true that its
determination decided a man of Mr.
Mackay's wealth, industry and public
spirit to withdraw from California the
exercise of the power which we might
have employed for its advancement the
State has suffered a grievous misfortune,
and that is something which every good
citizen will deplore, even though we may
be able to outlive it. But if that verdict
was unjust it did not represent the spirit
of the people, and it would be unfair on
the part of Mr. MacKay to charge it to the
intelligence, wisdom and justice of Cali
fornia.
It is a significant fact that the million
aire who has not made his fortune by
grinding the poor or setting trap 3 for the
avaricious and unwary, and who employs
his fortune in great industries which
afford sustenance to thousands and de
velop those natural resources from which
the people draw their living, need have no
fear of an assassin's bullet or of an unjust
verdict if a crank, attracted by his promi
nence, assaults trim. It is tne nature of
things that strength, of whatever kind,
employed for the benefit of the race,
makes a popular idol of its possessor.
Money is one of the most tangible of all
forms of power, and its wise use brings as
many blessings to its owner as to its bene
ficiaries.
The people have an instinct of selection
that is as potent as their appreciation and
gratitude. As every man who is very rich
must be weil known, each one of them has
his proper standing in the popular esti
mation; each has been tried by his own
deeds, and the estimate of him is founded
on a sense of common human justice.
The people of California know all their
great millionaires; know how these im
mense fortunes were made and how they
are employed; know whether this em
ployment works a general benefit and has
a foundation in right conduct, and stand
as ready to reward as to punish. No man,
however rich, is above the operation of
this human pressure, and it is only the
wise use of wealth that brings its pos
sessor the finest and most lasting benefit.
A BOSTON OPINION.
It has been customary for the advocates
of the gold Btandard to assert that the
movement for the remonetization of silver
is confined to the West, and has no sup
port whatever among the intelligent
classes of the East. This assertion, though
unfounded in fact, has been so often re
peated that many persons have accepted
it as truth, and it is worth noting, there
fore, that even in Boston itself an in
fluential class of citizens is opposed to the
retirement of greenbacks, even if the
drain on the treasury should be such as to
compel a resort to payments in silver.
A clear declaration to that effect is
found in the report of a committee
appointed by the Massachusetts State
Board of Trade to consider certain
financial resolutions offered by the Mer
chants' Association of Boston last De
cember. The report declares "it would
not be policy for the United States treas
ury to redeem their notes outstanding in
gold, that it would not be policy to issue
gold-bearing bonds in payment thereof."
After an exhaustive review of the condi
tion of our finances as a basis for argu
ments to sustain the conclusion reached,
the committee says:
Does any merchant believe that It is wiser to
withdraw non-interest-bearing notes and re
place them with those bearing interest? Would
any bank withdraw its circulation, destroy its
notes and remain in business? If the bankers
of this country attempt to emulate the "syndi
cate," and draw blood money from the Govern
ment, and otherwise embarrass it, it should be
our duty, and we hope the pleasure of the
Treasurer, to pay every demand in silver dol
lars, and the country would sustain him.
It appears from the summary of the pro
ceedings of the meeting given in the Boston
Journal that the report of the committee
was not altogether pleasing and several
speeches were made against it with the re
sult that the report was tabled. It there
fore cannot be taken as the opinion of the
Massachusetts State Board of Trade. We
may be sure, however, that those who
wrote tho report are not the only solid
men of Boston who hold the views it so
tersely declares. There is not so much
difference evidently between Eastern and
Western sentiment as some people would
have us believe, and the Boston committee
was in thorough accord with the people of
the Pacific Coast in saying that under the
conditions named it should be our duty to
pay every claim against the Government in
silver dollars.
The cooking school maintained at the
Atlanta Exposition by the State develop
ment committee, in which lessons and
lectures on the art oi cooking the food
products of California were given, has re
sulted in a largely increased demand for
our dried fruits from States where they
were scarcely known before. Through the
eagerness of customers to purchase, the
merchants of Atlanta are now compelled
to keep in stock all varieties of California
dried and canned fruits.
AROUND THE CORRIDORS.
One of the best known naturalists of the
Pacific Coast is George W. Dunn, for well onto
fifty yoars engaged in hunting and collecting
specimens. The range of his investigations
has been from the British line to Panama.
He has discovered a number oi new speci
mens of insect life. Mr. Dunn, who is now 82
years old, recently Bpent some time in the
Sierras near Truckee. He went to get conifera
Beeds, rare lily bulbs and butterfly tulips. He
collected largely on Castle Peak, in the Sierras,
which is over 9000 feet high.
Since the naturalist got back he has been
searching among the gray sand dunes for
curious bugs and insects of various kinds. He
6ays the average person has no conception of
the colonies of millions on millions of wonder
fully constructed and beautifully colored in
sects to be uncovered in these waste places.
They are worth good sums of money, too, when
caught and forwarded to different scientists of
the country. The naturalist said yesterday :
"Perhaps the most cheerless and altogether
gloomy view that wo anywhere behold is in
George W. Dunn, the Octogenarian Naturalist Who lias Found Strange Colonies
in the Sand Dunes.
[Sketched by a "Call" artist]
the vast fields of ever-drifting sands that are
so abundant everywhere along the ocean shore.
They show no signs of animal lite, and only
now and then in some depression or where
there is a little moisture a little stunted vege
tation may be seen.
"Yet the same dreary place is full of animal
life. The insects are nearly always hidden in
the sand, and are only seen running about
when the wind has blown them from their hid
ing-places in the loose sand. There are many
different families of insects living in harmony
there. By brushing your hand through the
sand you expose many to view, and all will
commence t,o hide themselves again as soon as
they find themselves uncovered.
"They spend their whole lives covered with
sand. They lay their eggs, the young are
hatched, and the larvae or young live in the
same place. Some are carniverous, others live
on vegetation. The most conspicuous insect
found always in the sand is the beautiful His
ter sellatus, which is colored with bright-red
and black markings, the red resembling a sad
dle, and thus taking its specific name.
"By making a sweep through the sand with
your hand eereral are brought to view, always
folding their legs against their body and lying
still for gome time as though dead. Later
they commence to bury themselves again in
the sand.
"Another very pretty insect, of a shiningblack
color, is the Hister sexstriatus. It lives in the
sand with the other insects of the same habits.
There are many others, none very large, but
among them one curiously marked Curculio, or
snout beetle, the Trigonoscuta pilosa, of the
same family as the Curculio, which is so de
structive to the plums.
"The most curious of all is the Cicindela,
or tiger beetle, bo named from its
voracious habits. Their curious mark
ings resemble a tiger. The young ones
live iv the sand, while the mature insect
may be seen on any Bunny day running about
on the sand and capturing and devouring acy
insect smaller than itself. They are very shy,
and not easily taken. One must have a net to
take them with facility. They lay their eggs
in the damp sand, and they are hatched there,
the young making a hole in the damp sand
and remaining there, with their head just
even with the surface of the ground.
"In that position they capture any small in
sect that comes near enough for them to seize
with their sharp jaws, and then drop down in
the hole and eat their prey at their leisure.
'The Cicindela hirticollis, or hairy-necked
beetle, Is another species that may be seen on
almost any sunny day in the sand of the dunes.
The young of the tiger beetle, or larvae, is hide
ous in appearance. It has a very large head,
with very large jaws armed with teeth on the
inside, with a. large hump on its back which
ends in a movable hook, which aids it in
climbing up its deep hole to near the top, when
it always lies in wait for some insect. They
are so pugnacious that if you thrust a straw
in the hole they will seize it and bang on till
they suffer themselves to be drawn out. Many
others could be mentioned which live together
in seeming harmony, but of many diSerent
families."
THE NEW DIXIE.
Oh, Dixie land is the land or honey,
Eight-cent cotton an' silver money;
Work away,
Night an' day-
Work away down south in Diiie!
The sun-bright fields are green with clover,
Colonels still but the war is over;
Work away,
Night an' dav —
Work away down south In Dixie!
The roses grow an' the birds are gtngln'
\V nlstlea blow an* the bells are ringln' ;
Work away,
r . Night an' day— ,
Work away down south in Dixie!
The night was long but the daylight's breakln';
Sugar in mine an' what are you takia'?
Work away,
Nieht an' day-
Work away down south in Dixie !
':,{.';■ ■ —Atlanta Constitution.
LETTERS FROM THE PEOPLE.
UTILIZING THE TIDES.
A San Francisco Engineer Feels
Confident That It Can Be Done.
To the Editor of the San Francisco Call— Sir:
An item has recently been published regard
ing a "wave motor" now building at Capitola,
Monterey Bay, which I hope— though do not
believe— may be a success.
However, whatever result may be achieved
by this or other wave motors, there can ba no
shadow of a doubt that "current motors" fur
nish the cheapest power in the universe.
It has been a matter of wonder for a quarter
of a century iast past that the superb current
power of San Francisco heads has been allowed
to waste its potentiality for human services.
Being a practical civil engineer, acquainted
with the mechanical branch as well, serving
for years as shipmaster, surfman and wrecker,
having held a license as "pilot from San Fran
cisco to sea and return, lf I think myself enti
tled to express my long-settled conviction that
the daily waste of the hundreds of thousands
of horsepower, which could be 60 easily har
nessed, is little less than sacrilegious on the
part of San Francisco.
The waves are uncertain, coy at times, and
hard to harness always; while, on the con
trary, the tides are as regular as the stars in
their course and easily controlled.
Any navigator who knows the giant force
and the resistless rush of the outpour from
our great system of bays and tributary rivers
will agree with me aH to the power, and any
capable and "new style" mechanical con
structor •will as readily'consent, I am positive,
to the ease of conversion of said power into ac
! tion for the good of mankind upon an hour's
! consultation thereon.
I have made a success of several of the inven-
I tionsof Colonel A. W. yon Schmidt (whose son
i I have the honor to be), and as well succeeded
| With inventions of my own. My whole life has
! oeen a sdries of hard, practical contests with
! Nature's groat forces. I simply state these
| facts to establish my "right to the floor," and
I defy any 40-year-old man to show as thorough
all-round training for such a matter as "har
nessing the tides of San Francisco heads" as I
can prove.
If provided wijh proper backing, I would
stake my life, if that were allowable, on pro
ducing a comparatively cheap and wholly effi
cient "cunent motor" that would give my na
tive City of San Francisco the pre-eminence of
the Pacific as a manufacturing center. Very
respectfully, Edward A. yon Schmidt.
ifaie Island, Jan. 20, ltfyo.
MATRIMONY.
A very old man, nearly 90 years of age, be
ing asked what he had done to live so long an-
swered: "When I could sit I never stood. I
married late, was a widower soon and never
married again." But a learned Bishop, who
was married four times, thought differently,
for he was so well pleased with his matrimon
ial ventures that he placed this motto on the
wedding-ring of his four th marriage :
"If I survive,
I'll make it five."
—Life.
TO CHRISTEN THE KENTUCKY.
The honor of christening the new battleship
Kentucky lias been bestowed by Secretary ller
bert on Miss llarriotte B. Richardsou. Miss
Richardson is a resident of Lexington and is
considered as one of the most beautiful belles
of the Blue Grass State. She is 5 feet 5 inches
tall, of superb form, has hair of a light brown,
gray eyes, aquiline nose, a beautiful mouth
:uid pretty teeth. Her manner is charming.
She is a brilliant convorsatioualist and a most
attentive listener. Her father, William Hall
Richardson, Is the son of Marcus Richardson,
whose father was Captain William Hall Rich
ardson of. Revolutionary fame. Her mother
was Miss Jane Shore Stamps, who was one of
Bourbon County's most noted beauties and a
daughter of Captain Thomas Stamps, a near
relative of Jefferson Davis.
Miss Richardson was born and raised within
a few miles of Lexington, on her father's beau
tiful blue-grass estate, Elk Hill, which adjoins
the famous Dixiana Farm, where Major B. G.
Thomas, the oldest breeder of thoroughbreds
in America, raised all the horses that have
made his name famous from one end of the
country to the other. Miss Richardson was a
great pet of the oid Major when she was a
little girl, and she has often ridden King Ban
Fellow craft, Himyar and other noted horses
MISS HARRIETTE B. RICHARDSON.
that have made their home at Dixiana. She is
one of the best horsewomen in Kentucky, and
it is her boast that she cau ride any horse that
any man can ride. She is fond of outdoor
sporta, and is one of the best rifle shots in the
State. She does not belong to the "new
woman" cotorie, but believes that woman's
sphere is home, and that her highest aim
ought to be to make man happy.
A Lexington correspondent of the New York
world tells how Miss Richardson came to be
selected to christen the big fighting ship. Her
sister is the wife of Colonel James K. Forney
of the United States Marine Corps, and the two
sisters have received much social attention in
Washington, New York and Brooklyn. Misa
Richardson is an acquaintance of Secretary
Herbert, and when Congressman Bennett of
Brooklyn gave a little impromptu supper at
the Shoreham after the opera tru over, the
Secretary proposed to Miss llichardson that
she christen the new battleship Kentucky. She
accepted the proposition, but itisisted that it
would be the proper thing to break a bottle of
old Bourbon over her prow instead of the;
usual bottle of champagne. The Secretary saw
the good taste in this, and immediately agreed
to allow Mi.ss Richardson to have her own way
about the matter. Therefore, instead of cham
pagne, a bottle of forty-five-year-old Bourbon
whisky from the cellars of Major B. G. Thomas
will be broken over the Kentucky's bow.
CURRENT HUMOR.
"Ethel, were you out sleighing with the arm
less wonder last evening?"
"Why, papa, what a question! What put
such an idea into your head? "
"I saw your escort holding the lines in his
teeth."— Detroit Free Press.
He— Have you a match? I want to light my
pipe.
She— No. My match-box is in my other
bloomers.— New York Herald.
"I wish them things wasn't so high-priced,"
said Mrs. Jason, as she looked longingly at
some chrysanthemums. "I think 111 raise
some next year myself. They ought to be just
lovely to sprinkle clothes with."— lndianapolis
Journal.
A Leap Year Opportunity.— She— Do you
think it would be unmaidenly for a girl to pro
pose to a man?
He— Certainly not— if she is rich enough for
two.— New York Sun.
PERSONAL.
C. S. Adams of Tacoma arrived here yesterday.
F. F. Carnduff, an attorney of Biggs, is at the
Russ.
Judge J. M. Walling of Nevada City is in
town.
General C. C. Royce of Chico is at the Cali
fornia.
John C. Oswald of Foochow is at the Occi
dental.
J. S. Story, a business man of Sonoma City, is
in town.
J. H. Easterday, an attorney of Tacoma, is at
the Russ.
Joseph Voltlander of Krowach, Germany, is
at the California.
J. Tombs of Gralton, N. D., is here, accom
panied by his wife.
Dr. Lawrence Voorhees of Chicago was among
yesterday's arrivals.
W. C. Fisher, a cattle-grower of Reno, ar
rived here yesterday.
S. W. Eckels, the railroad man of Salt Lake, is
among recent arrivals.
T. H. Swansey, a merchant of SanU Cruz,
arrived here yesterday.
William Wells, a druggist of Eureka, Hum
bold t Bay, is at the Grand.
John Ctemishaw, the wealthy vineyardist of
Pleasanton, is at the Grand.
' C. E. Kreiss, a mine-owner of Vt ardner, Cceur
d'Alene County, Idaho, is in the City.
George T. Myer of Portland, a salmon-canner
of the Columbia River and Puget Sound, Is in
the City.
Phil Metschan of Salem, Treasurer of Ore
gon, was among the arrivals here yesterday.
He is at the Lick.
C. W. Hawkins, president of a large corpora
tion at Haniord for the purchase of hay and
grain, is in the City.
Joseph Hill, one of the wealthiest cattle
owners of Nevada, whose home is at Winne
mucca, is at the Russ.
R. D. Gilbert, one of the pioneers of Salem,
Or., and long prominent in business and poli
tics there, is in the City.
E. M. Greenway, well known in society
circles, is lying at his residence seriously ill
with congestion of the lungs.
W. H. Falk of Arcata, owner of large
lumber-mills and a general supply store there,
is in town, accompanied by his family.
R. W. Bachrach, a tea-dealer and general
business man of Calcutta and Hongkong, was
among the arrivals by the Coptic yesterday.
RoDert Barton, the youthful but successful
manager of the Barton Opera-house of Fresno,
is in the City booking new attractions for his
theater. He will be at the Occidental for
several days.
John L. Truslow, the agent at Santa Barbara
of the Atlantic and Pacific Railroad, is in the
City. It is said he may succeed C. H. Speer,
who resigned lately from the position of assist
ant general passenger agent here.
T. W. Eccles of Salt Lake, assistant general
freight agent of the Union Pacific Railroad, is
at the Palace. He was long connected in a
prominent way at Denver with the Rio Grande.
He says business is improving in Salt Lake and
Utah. The mines of the new district of Mercur
are developing, where many big gold proper
ties have been opened. Elsewhere over the
State the mining development is going for
ward. Last year the Union Pacific shipped
from Salt Lake 40,000 tons of salt. The ship
peis dried it out of the waters of the Salt Lake,
which are 20 per cent salt.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, N. V., Jan. 21.— Among recent
arrivals are : J. M. Chase, Grand Union ; H. M.
Hamnore, Hoffman; O. W. Warwede. Everett;
G. C. Smith, Astor; L. M. Simpson, West
minster; P. JE. Hunt, Netherland; W. F. Wood,
St. Denis; C. Berry, G. H. Berry, M. Berry and
wife, M. Berry Jr., St. James; Mrs. P. F. Bush,
Westminster; O. Edwards, W. F. Piekstoul,
\V. 11. Tyron and wife, Me-lborough; J. P.
Langl.ome, Holland; L. Merrito and .wife,
i Hoffman.
PARAGRAPHS ABOUT PEOPLE.
The failure of Sims Reeves, once England's
greatest tenor, is announced, with liabilities of
over $3000.
Poultney Bigelow has left Berlin without ob
taining an audience with Emperor Wiliiam.
The latter was probably too busy answering the
letters that grandma writes to see his old
friend.
Lord Rosebery is believed to be engaged upon
the production of a novel.
Dean Hole warns young English gentlemen
that there is no room for them as farmers in
America.
Henry Labouchere is an expert mountaineer
and used to climb snowpeaks in the company
of the late Czar of Russia, with whom he was
! very intimate.
The original study of "Little Billee" of
"Trilby," William Bayfleld, is studying with a
view to appearing in light opera. Mr. Bayfield
is one of Alma Tadema's best models.
The suggestion has been made that the house
of Rev. Dt Samuel F. Smith, the author of
"America," at Newton Center, be pur
chased and preserved as a memorial.
Gra'bowski is the suggestive name of the man
who made the most money on the Russian turf
tins year. He has the best racing stable in the
country, and cleared $60,000.
"Woman" of London seys that the difficulty of
getting a fairly good likeness of the Queen in
limbs! use an^ a sure feiief f ° r in the^a^di^T
Allcock's %z
ti Qn ?f«. A « INI IJ IND^; Not one of the host of counterfeits and imita-
tions is as good as the genuine. v«^va ana muta*
creases eveTy year. For one thing her Majesty is
proverbially impatient of the camera, and abso
lutely refuses to pose longer than a few sec
onds. Then there is the difficulty of making
her look as tall aa possible and, besides all tbi«,
the photographer who haa been "commanded"
never knows, up to the last moment, when or
where her Majesty will consent to see him and
"be taken."
LADY'S CAPE.
The shape of the cape shown here is circular,
the kind that is so easily made and takes so
little material. The outside and lining aro
cut exactly alike, basted together face to face,
stitched together all around excepting at the
neck. It is then turnei over and pressed on
the edges and the cape is done, but for the
neck-finishing. This is simply a straight band,
over which is sown the ruche, either of ribbon
triple box-pleated, net with ribbons stitched
on it, also box-pleated, or of chiffon, four
3-inch wide pieces being doubled and gath
ered very full to the neckband.
A cape of brown velvet, edged all around
with a fringe of sable, had a 4-inch strip
of velvet pleated into the neck, the top edged
with the sable. This was worn over a longer
cape of brown cloth, which made at once a
warm and dressy wrap.
A cape of green velvet after this model was
edged "with Persian lamb fur and worn over a
black cloth cape. Such a wrap is delightful for
the theater, where the heavy plain cloth cape
can be laid aside and the rich top worn. Then,
also, it makes a complete garment of itself for
milder days and affords an easy and com
paratively cheap way of remodeling a plain
cape. It also makes it possible at little ex
pense to have a dressy wrap and a plain one,
if the cloth cape be provided with a separata
ruffle collar for morning wear. Black velvet is
oiten chosen for these capes. A lace collar or.
points of lace are much used lor trimming
with edges of sable.
Strong hoarhound candy, 15c Ib. Townsend's.*
Special information daily to manufacturer n,
business houses and public men by the Preu
Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Montgomery. *
Mrs. Levl P. Morton is said to have a weak
ness for slippers, shoes and boots, of which she
has so many that she could wear a dtfferent
pair each day of the year. They are of kid,
suede, silk, satin— some embroidered in silver,
others in gold.
The human system is given tone and renewed
vigor by Hood's Sorsapuriila. which strengthens
the organs of the stomach and aids digestion. In
fact, the whole body is Invigorated by Hood's.
" Sirs. Winslow's Soothing Syrup" •
Has been used over fifty years by millions of moth*
ers for their children while Teething with perfect
success. It soothes the child, softens the gums, al
lays Pain, cures Wind Colic, regulates the Bowel*
and Is the best remedy for Diarrhoeas, whether
arising from teething or other causes. For sale or
Druggists In every part of the world. Besure&nl
ask for Mrs. Window*' Soothing Syrup. 253*
bottle.
Coboxabo. — Atmosphere is perfectly dry, soft
and mild, and is entirely free from the mists com
mon further north. Round-trip tickets, by steam
ship, Including fifteen days' board at the Hotel del
Coronado, $60: longer stay $2 50 per day. Apply
4 Mew Montgomerygt., Ban Francisco.
. - ■ . — — • » m
• Neglect of the hair brings baldness. Use
Pahkek's Hair Balsam and your hair will
always retain Its youthful color and life, -». -, -
To beducs yonr weight, use Vret: ,%' Belt.
He — I'm afraid I couldn't make you happy,
darling, on only $2000 a year.
She — Oh, it's plenty. With economy I can
dress on ¥1500 ; and just think, dear, we can
have all the rest for household expenses !— LUe.
HEW TO-DAT.
BROKE THE TOBACCO TRUST..
Tobacco Manufacturers Losing Ten
Millions a Year.
Great Excitement in St. Louis— No Pos-
sibility of Preventing Still
Greater Loss in '96.
ST. LOUIS, Jan. 21.— Colonel Wm. Kir-
choff, General Western Manager of the
American Tobacco Company, has been a
user of tobacco all his life, and for years
lias smoked as many as twenty cigars
daily. After using a few boxes of Xo-To-
Bac the desire for tobacco is completely
gone and he is wonderfully improved in
health. His cure is attracting a great
deal of attention and comment, and many
prominent St. Louis business men are fol-
lowing his example. People are just
waking up to the fact that the continued
use of tobacco is very injurious.
An interview with Mr. H. L. Kramer
the originator of Xo-To-Bac, develops the
fact that within three years it has reaohed
an enormous sale, almost entirely upon
merit alone. Over 1,000,000 boxes'of No-
To-Bac have been sold and 300,000 tobacco-
users cured. At the present rate Xo-To-
Bac will cure in '96 from 200,000 to 300,000
and, as Mr. Kramer says: "It is always th«
worst cases that want a cure — those vho
have chewed and smoked from boyhood
some of them thirty, forty and fifty years!
and we even have records of cures after
sixty years of tobacco-usine. So you can
see that, if they are spending an average
of $50 a year (this i 3 a small amount), the
cure of 200,000 tobacco-users in '96 would
result in the loss of tne sale of tobacco
amounting to over $10,000,000, which wil
be saved to the cured."
No-To-Bac is truly a medical wonder, for 4
it not only destroys the desire for tobacco
but invigorates the nervous system and
marvelously increases weight and strength.
Like all great successes, Xo-To-Bac has
many imitations and substitutes, and the
public should be warned against them.
No-To-Bac is the original tobacco-habit
cure, and is sold underan absolute guaran-
tee to cure the tobacco habit by your own
druggist.
|n Wednesday,, Tan. 23d. To-day only.
IB Guava Jelly (Allen's, San
IJ Diego), delicate for in-
\m valids, 20c jars to-day
\nl Complßte lists at your command.
|IW Largest Department Store.
Smiths' Cash Store,
•** 414, 416, 418 front st, s. p.WEDNESDAY JANUARY 22, 1896
AMUSEMENTS.
Cajtfornia Theater— •' ln Old Kentucky."
Columbia Thfatkr— "The Eusign."
Monosco's Opkba-Hocse— "A Man Without a
Country."
Tivdli Opeba-Hoi'sk.— "lilon:or, The Man o!
the \\ heel."
Orphkvm. — Jtijrh-Claas Vaudeville.
t»ovfß« a icA7Ar..— "Wolves of New York."
W ACDONOVGH THKATEB (OAKLAND)— "CamiIIe."
Fbcottbk (hitks- Daily at Haight street
c i * I :ock cast of the I'ark.
Pacictc Coast Jockkt ci.m.—R aces to-day.
AUCTION SALES.
Bat. twin * Hammond.— Thursday, January 23,
Rea! Kstato. at 10 .Montgomery st.
CITY NEWS IN BEIEF.
Architect A. Pace Brown died yesterday at
Burling*; rue.
The Fireman's Fund Insurance Company
elected a board of directors.
Judge MoKenna puts a stop to the reading of
the Pattiaon committee report.
Mr. Hammon of the Weather Bureau tells
in to-day's Call all about the rain.
Fiendish mutilation was perpetrated upon a
horse last Monday at 43 Jessie street.
Joseph C. Pierce, the all-round Berkeley
athlete, died at Santa Barbara yesterday.
The Chamber of Commerce held its annual
meeting at the Merchants' Exchange yester
day.
The Veteran Volunteer Firemen's Associa
tion held its annual installation and banquet
last evening.
Baldwin' 6 object in borrowing $510,000 was
to improve his property and give employment
to workmen.
"Fair, colder" is the prediction lor to-day's
■weather as promulgated by Local Forecast
Official A. McAdie.
The winning horses at Ingleside yesterday
were: Summer Time, True Blue, Lizzie H,
Three Forks- and Nephew.
The Investors' Home Mutual Buildine and
Loan Association has incorporated, with a
capital stock of $1,000,000.
A derelict was blown ud in the China Sea by
the steamer Coptic while on her way from
Hongkong to San Francisco.
Patrolmen W. F. Geimann and Michael Shan
ahan were promoted by Chief Crowley yester
day to the position of corporals.
Architect Shea of the City Hail presented the
pVar.s ior the interior of itie dome at the meet
ing of the commissioners yesterday.
Those opposed to the brewers' combine say
if they cannot obtain the supply of beer they
expef., they will build a new brewery.
The sub-committee appointed by the com
mittee of fifty to memorialize Congress against
the funding bill is almost ready to report.
Louis William?, one 01 the crew of the
schooner James A. Garfield, «»s swept over
board during the recent galeand drowned.
Secretary Mohr of the Brewers' Protective
iation gives m ::;e interesting figures
about the manufacture of beer in this State.
L. AltscbnJ A: Co., crockery-dealers at 422
fansome street, have made an assignment for
their creditors, the liabilities being $18,000.
The death of the veteran theater manager,
Thomas Maguire, was a subject of wide regret
among his niuny old-time friends in this City.
The race of homing tngeous will have to be
retried, a« stormy weather prevented any of
the birds released Irom making fast enough
time.
A steel steamer designed to be the fastest
of her size on tresh weter is being built for
on Lake Tahoe by the Union Iron
Works.
T! c directors of the Manufacturers' and Pjo
■■ ciation have deckled to hold an
annual convention and an election next
month.
Alvin P. Ayres, the Wheeler & Wilson Ma
chine Company's aeent, is on his way to
• 7'ort, Conn., to explain a shortage iii his
accounts.
Samuel B. Thompson, the aged news-dealer,
made things lively in the Receiving: Hospital
las: night by destroying the water-pipe in his
cell and flooding it."
Eugene Pardini, one of the nefarious North
Beach gang, was convicted of a felonious as
sault yesterday. It took the jury only three
minutes to reach a verdict.
The Police Commissioners will to-night con
sider the desirability oi recommending the
purchase of two covered patrol wagons similar
to those in use in New York.
Secretary Charles Holbrook of the Society for
the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals sent an
officer to the Cali.ornia "Theater last night to
see the chickens in "Old Kentucky '
Lee Wee, a millionaire Chinaman of this
City, is coon to ship several hundred thousand
dollars.' worth of machinery to the Orient to
develop certain rich gold and silver mines.
E. G. Hawley. alias Edward Heywood, con
victed of burglary, has secured a new trial
from the Supreme Court on errors which his
own counsel mviied and was responsible for.
H. 6. Kirm and Philip Waitz, who insulted
two ladies on Sixteenth street Monday, were
yesterday convicted by Judge Conlan" of dis
turbing the peace and will be sentenced to-day.
Arthur Burgher, who says he is the son of an
- nn nobleman, swore out a warrant in
Judge Conlan's court yesterday for the arrest
of Sadie Moore on the charge of grand larceny.
The Supreme Court has affirmed the decision
of the Superior Court by which the directors of
the Pacific Bank must pay to Matthew Mc-
Gowan 525.5' 7 71, part of a deposit he had m
the bank.
Chief Crowley received a dispatch last night
from Seattle that Detective Harry Reynolds
•would leave there by the steamer on Thursday
with J. D. L. McGaughey, who is wanted here
ior forgery.
John }".. Ford, who shot his wife in Novem-
Icuthil throat in the City Prison
on DecembeT 28, had the charge of assault to
murder against him dismissed yesterday for
lack of prosecution.
Thomas Kelly, the youth who smashed a
window in Chinatown because he wanted to
go to jail, had his case dismissei by Judee
Joachiinseu yesterday, as two gentlemen
promised to take care "of him.
H. Tin Foo, one of the presidents of the Chi-
T:(-f-c Merchants' Association, and who was ar
rested under suspicion of being mixed up with
£am Tick's Posu.fhce thefts, is now believed by
the postal inspectors to be innocent.
In the case of Margaret Heckle against the
Southern Pacific Company, a suit for damapes
fur the killing of Claude Heckle in Anderson,
fhaita County, on September 9, 1893, a verdict
lor defendant was rendered yesterday.
Firemen are complaining of the fact that
they are compelled to use the Clarke gong and
pay $2 per .month for it, when the regular
alarm bells, if they were permitted to stand,
would be sufficient to call them to fires.
Captain Pedersonof the bark McN'eer and H.
G. Thompson, the managing owner, are at log
gerheads. The latter has chartered the vessel
to R. G. Chandler and the former to a Seattle
tirm. I'ederson owns the controlling Interest.
T. H. Redington, the confidential man of Dr.
Pomerset Robinson, the retired navy surgeon,
who recently died at Paso Robles, and who was
left a portion of the estate of the deceased, is
lying seriously ill at the Lane Hospital in this
City.
F. S. Stratton, special counsel for the Board
of Harbor Commissioners, has advised that
body to proceed with the signing cf contracts
lor the new ferry depot He thinks Attorney-
General Fitzgerald is in the wrong. The mat
ter will nevertheless be carried to the Supreme
Court.
NEW TO-PAT.
Beauty Found
and in
Purity Cuticura
■r^l > !. re s r l! oo . t 95 ™ rM - Brliuh ««■«**< *"• ■*•*
X)\oo * Chl w K '¥ , F - d ' r «nJ-»«- 1-ondbn. Toitm
vivo t(.HiM. Conr., SoU Prop*., Botuju, U. 8- A.
ALONG THE WATER FRONT
The Officers of the Steamer Coptic
Blew Up a Derelict at
Sea.
TROUBLE ON THE M'NEAR.
Louis Williams Lost Overboard From
the Schooner James A.
Garfield.
The Occidental and Oriental Steamship
Company's steamer Coptic arrived from
Honpkong via Yokohama and Honolulu a
day ahead of time. She made the run from
the Hawaiian Kingdom to this port in 5
days 17 hours, beating the best previous
record. At Honolulu 1350 tons of cargo, 360
Chinese and 270 Japanese were discharged
in fifteen hours and the steamer was ready
to sail six hours before her advertised time.
The Coptic only brought 35 cabin pas
sengers and 65 Chinese and 3 Japanese for
San Francisco. Among the former was J.
Rernusat, an attache of the French con
sulate at Shanghai.
About the only excitement of the run of
the Coptic from Hongkong was the blow
ing up of a derelict. In the China Sea the
hulk wa3 sighted, and the caDtain of the
ocean liner thought it dangerous. A boat
was called away, and when the steamer
had come to a stop Chief Officer Seal by
was instructed to go and blow up the
derelict. On closer examination it was
found to be the remains of a three-masted
wooden ship, but there was nothing to
show its name or nationality. A charge
of dynamite was lowered into the hold, a
train was laid by the men, and when
Olticer Sealby fired it everybody pulled for
their lives. A few seconds later there was
a dull exi>tosion, a small fountain of water
sprang into the air, and when it subsided
the derelict was gone.
The bark McXear, which arrived from
Departure Bay yesterday, had a lively
time of it outside, and her owners are go
ing to have an equally interesting time in
port. From Pu et Sound it took the ves
sel thirty-four days to get to San Fran
cisco, and during that time she has been
in almost every storm that has raged
along the coast s-ince !aH December. She
was driven back again and again, and had
it not been for Captain Pederson the men
would have taken command and run the
vessel back to Port Town^end.
Now that the bark is safely in port there
is liable to be some litigation as to who
will control her. G. H. Thompson is the
managing; owner, but Captain Pederson
holds the controlling interest. The former
has chartered the vessel to R. D. Chandler
to carry coal from Vancouver Island,
while Pederson has agreed with Seattle
parties to take a load of lumber to Aus
tralia. Thompson says he has befriended
Pederson. ana the latter says Thompson
not only wants to run thesh>pbut the
master as well. In the meantime the Mc-
Near will discharge her cargo and the
question of the charter will be settled in
court.
The British bark Sharpshooter, which
was wrecked in the Gulf of California and
towed here by the tug Fearless, was sold
at public auction yesterday by the United
States Marshal. Bidding was lively and
finally the hull was knocked down" to J.
Johnson for $2"260. It is. understood that
the purchase was for A. P. Lorentzen tfc
Co., and that the Sharpshooter will be re
fitted and put in the Hawaiian trade.
The schooner James A. Garrield from
Grays HarDor lost a man overboard during
the "gale that proved so disastrous to the
steamer >"oyo. It was in latitude 40 dec.
19 milt, north, longitude 125 deg. 15 mih.
west, and a heavy sea swept over the ves
sel and carried Louis Williams overboa 1.
An attempt was made to lower a boat, out
it was smashed into small pieces against
the schooner's side.
The cabin passengers by the steamer
Coptic were :
P. If. Blanchard, Dr. T. H. Clark, Mrs. G. M.
Haller, Bishop A. E. Medicott, J. Remusat
Miss G. Suthon, Rev. L. Wherry, S. F. Alex
anoer, G. Binlord, L. B. Quick, Dr. R. J. Bowie
Miss Daniels, J. 8. Hays, Mr. O'Brien. B.
Rosenthal, George B. Swayne, C. D. Weldon
Miss Belle Carter. Miss Charley. Mrs. F. Kalr.
ler, J Vocklander, Rev. G. 'Brathwart, E
Edison, M.H. It. Harris, J. J. Oswald, \Y H
Shearer, Dr. \V. P. Turner. Mrs. N. \V. Utley
child and infant, Mrs. Fauhurst, Mrs. Loisette.
The steamer Czarina has put into Rio de
Janeiro with her machinery out of order.
She was purchased by the John D.
Spreckels Bros. Company to carry coai
from Marsh Held and was on her way here
from Pensacola, Fla.
Owing to the delay in getting papers
and the risk of seizure on their return to
port nearly all the American sealers will
go out under the British flac this season.
Among those now fitting out and which
will fly the Union Jack are the schooners
Emma it Louise, Lily L and Edward E.
Webster. Their owners say that they are
not going to risk seizure on their return to
port and be put in the same box as the
Bowhead and Sophie Sutherland.
MAY FOLLOW HIS FRIEND
The Confidential Man of Dr.
Robinson Is at Death's
Door.
Left a Fortune While Lying Seriously
111 in the Lane Hospital in
This City.
J. H. Redington, who was for years the
confidential man of Dr. Somerset Robin
son, the eccentric ex-naval surgeon who
recently died at Paso Robles, and who
comes in for a large share of the valuable
estate of the deceased, is on what will
probably prove his deathbed at the Lane
Hospital.
Dr. Robinson, who was well known in
naval circles for years past, was very much
averse to the presence of human beings
other than members of his own sex and
never permitted women to come near his
abode if he could avoid it.
After his retirement froni the service,
nine or ten years ago, he picked out two
men as companions for his declining years
who cherished the same feelings regarding
the gentler sex as himself, and these
formed his company and bodyguard to
prevent the incursions of prqdatory fe
males.
One of these was T. H. Redington, the
man who will hardly live to come into
possession of the fat legacy left him by his
late friend. Redington remained with
Dr. Robinson until about two months ago,
when a throat disease, that had been
making rapid inroads on his strength for
some time past, made it necessary for him
to seek a specialist for relief. He came to
tnis City and went to the Lane Hospital,
where he lias since been an inmace.
A recent operation deprived him of the
power of speech, and it is hardly believed
he will survive much longer.
Telegrams that came yesterday apprised
him of the fact that "his employer was
dead, and that be had been generously
remembered in the will.
The s .ock caused by the sad news
affected him seriously in his enfeebled
state, and the physicians at once pre
scribed absolute rest, and allowed no visi
tors to see him.
Truly Shattuck'a Flight.
Reports hive it now that Truly Shattuck
has taken passage on the Columbia for Port
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 22, 1896.
land.? She is reported to have left last Sunday.
The supposition is that she is fleeing from the
reach of subpenas to compel her to testify in
the suit against her mother which is low
pending before Judfre Belcher. Should she
have gone to Portland, she will be subpenaed
when the steamer arrives there, and held un
til she can be reached by the Sheriff of this
City.
TIN FOO'S GOOD NAME.
Postal Inspectors no Longer Suspect
Hira of Complicity "With Sam
Yick's Postoffice Larceny.
It is not likely that the postal inspec
tors will try to make a case against H. Tin
Foo, whom they arrested a few days ago
In the hope that he would enable them to
catch Sam Yick, the letter-thief. Sam
Yick has not yet been caught.
H. Tin Foo is one of the two presidents
of the Chinese Merchants' Association,
and stands very high among his people,
man in Ciiinatown believes that Tin
Foo had anything to do with the pilfering
of the letters ol Fung Hai & Co., Tsue
ChongWing Mon Kee' & Co., and Chong
Ying Lung & Co., and Postal Inspector
Munro also stated yesterday that he
thought Tin Foo did not have anything to
do with the Postoftice larceny.
Tin Foo's explanation that he was not
aware of Sam Yick's crookedness se- ms to
have been quite satisfactory. The inspec
tors were working at considerable disad
vantage in this affair owing to the talka-
The Steam Schooner Noyo Battling Against the Southeaster Off Point Arena. After Her Engine Fires
Went Out Life - Belts Were Served Out to the Passengers.
[Sketched by a "Call" artist.]
tiveness of the Chinese, particularly the
members of the firm of Tsue Chong Wing
Mon Kee & Co. They went after Sam
Yick as soon as they learned he had taken
their mail, and compelled him to go to
Sutro & Co. ana make good a $10 check
he had cashed there.
AYRES ON HIS WAY EAST
The Wheeler & Wilson Agent Is
Supposed to Be Going to
Bridgeport.
He Owes Nearly $20,000, and His
Property at the Local Store
Has Been Attached.
Alvin D. Ayres, general Pacific Coast
agent of the Wheeler & Wilson Sewing
Machine Company, failed to report at his
office, 1368 Market street, yesterday, and
the place has been attached.
The story of Mr. Ayres' disappearance
was told in yesterday's Call, but there
was an intimation that the man might
possibly be on hana in the morning with
$19,990 to liquidate his indebtedness to the
company. He did not appear, however,
and the Sheriff has a deputy in charge of
all those goods which the missing man
might c aim as his own.
Mr. Dunne, tne bookkeeper of the
Whepler it Wilson Company, is adverse to
eoing into details as to Mr. Ayres' short
comings, as he is only temporarily at the
head of the local concern, and unless he is
instructed by the niiiin office at Bridge
port, Conn., he will not talk of the ac
counts.
However, he felt he could say that Mr.
Ayres had left the City and neither he nor
Mrs. Ayres knew where Mr. Avers had
gone. He did not doubt that the" missing
man had started for the East, and that lie
might be on his way to Bridgeport,
Conn., to straighten out his affairs with
the home office.
Mr. Ayres 1 position in this City was
mainly that of a buyer oE poods, at bed
rock prices, from the Wheeler & Wilson
Company. He ran into that company's
debt through elsewhere purchasing ma
chines for making buttonholes. The ma
chines he sold on the installment plan,
and lately, during the business depression
he found it difficult to make collections. '
IS HE INSANE?
Samuel B. Thompson, the Aged News-
dealer. Slakes Things Lively In
the Receiving Hospital.
Samuel B. Thompson, the aged news
dealer, who was held by Judge Conlan on
Monday to answer before the Superior
Court on three charges of felonious as
sault, was placed in one of the steel tanks
at the Receiving Hospital to await his
preliminary examination on other charges
Last evening he became so violent that
his hands were manacled behind his back.
Thompson had distinguished several times
by releasing himself when strapped in his
cell in the City Prison, but he found the
steel handcuffs beyond his power.
He appeared determined to do some mis
chief, and by contorting his body he suc
ceeded in wrigtrling his legs through his
locked arms, which brought the handcuffs
in front instead of behind. The only
thing in the cell he could tamper with was
trie water-pipe. He tore his clothing in
shreds and then broke the pipe. The
water poured into the cell and the noise
attracted the attention of the attaches of
the hospital. The flow of water was
stopped and Thompson was dragged out
of the. steel cell and placed in a padded
one. . A suit of old clothes was procured
and he was marie to don it. He remarked
that it was the first bath he nad had for a
lonir time.
Wlieii he was held to answer on Monday
his attorneys stated that they would have
him taken before the Insanity Commis
sioners, as they believed he was insane;
and Thompson is doing everything possi
ble to confirm that belief.
Pace Has Returned.
Detective Anthony arrived in the City last
night from New York with J. L>. Pape, ex-
Pistrirt Attorney, who was indicted by the
Grand Jury for embezzling $4342 belonging to
Lewis Lichtinger, an insane ward. Page on
being asked at the City Prison if he had any
statement to make, replied in the negative.
WAS ALMOST ENGULFED.
The Steamer Noyo Caught in
Last Sunday Night's
Southeaster.
LIFEBELTS WEEE DISTRIBUTED.
Very Few of the Passengers Ever
Expected to Reach Land
Again Alive.
The gale of Sunday night raged along
tbe coast and in consequence all the ex
pected steamers and sailing vessels are
overdue. The Walla Walla from Puget
Sound ports was twelve hours behind time
lost night and the Noyo was tiouble her
usual time in making the run from Fort
Bragg.
Very few captains who have arrived dur-
ing the last few weeks have a more thrill
ing experience to tell than Captain Levin
son of the Noyo. The steamer was caught
in the southeaster, part, of her deck load of
lumber was washed away, the remaining
100,000 feet was jettisoned, the waves took
command of the vessel and the engine
room was flooded. The fires under the
boilers were drowned out and the pas
sengers were told to get lifebelts. Just
when things were at their worst the steam
schooner Albion hove in sight and pave
renewed hope to the crew. She remained
alongside of the disabled craft for twelve
hours and then stood on her way.
The Noyo was out from Fort Braeg thirty
six hours when caught in the gale
off Point Arena. She had on board the
following passengers: Harry Witberg and
wife, J. J. Mcllison, A. Olnes. Mrs. Baul
leud, E. Olsen, D. Dondon, George Don
dero, E. Meach, J. Blain, John Ketchum,
J. Brown, P. Everson, Miss G. Goldech,
Mrs. Steoferd, Harry Height, Miss B.
Kimball, Mrs. Campbell and Fred White.
No*, one of them was hurt, and the only
person on board who bears any trace of
the hurricane is Purser Littlejohn, who
was struck on the head by a piece of flying
lumber.
In telling about the storm yesterday
Captain Levinson said: "When the
steamer left Fort Bragg a heavy sea was
running, but we thougnt nothing of that,
and all Sunday morning we made fair
time. Sunday afternoon the wind began
to increase until at midnight it was blow
ing a Hurricane. Some of our deckload
was washed away, and I ordered tiie re
mainder jettisoned in order to save the
vessel. The fires in the engine-room were
drownca out, and. as our position seemed
desperate, I ordered the passengers called
and told them to get on lifebelts. The
crew behaved splendidly, and never
shirked obeying an order, even though it
was at the risk of their lives. In the
morning the storm abated somewhat, and
the Albion stood by us until we got our
fires relit and were once more under
steam."
"It was an awful voyage," said one of
the passengers. "The waves carried' away
part of the decKload, but it was not enough
to help the steamer. Then a huge wave
came along nnd flooded everything. The
tires under the boilers went out and in a
few moments the Noyo was helpless.
Captain Levinson ordered the decldoad
thrown overboard, and while this was
being done a piece of lumber flew out of
the hands of two of the men and a splinter
from it struck Purser Littlejohn in the
forehead.
"Captain Levinson managed to put trie
vessel about, but the attempt to set Bail
was a failure, as no canvas could with
stand the force of the gale. It ;vas then
that all the passengers were warned and
we started out to get lifebelts on. Some
oi the women and children were too sea
sick to move and they had to be helped
into places of safety. During the wboie
dreadful time Captain Levinson never lost
his bead, and directly the Albion was
sighted ne flew signals of distress. She
came within hailing distance and Captain
Lundquist said he would stay by us. He
did so until the gale went down and onr
men were able to pump out the engine
room and get tire under the boilers.
Then we came on to San Francisco and
arrived yesterday morning."
The Novo does not seem to be much the
worse for the gale she went through, but
shipping men say that the escape of both
vessel and all on board was little short of
miraculous.
GAME-DEALERS FINED.
Three of the Men Arrested for Selling
Wild Ducks Pleaded Guilty.
Judge Joachimsen was very lenient with
the men who were arrested for selling
came out of season. Three of the game
law offenders pleaded guilty yesterday and
were lined $5 each. Their names are, E.
Paolini, A. Boldachi and Philip Laurel.
It was stated tnat the dealers in panic
intend to continue in the business of buy
ing and selling: birds, but as Game Warden
Mocan has his war paint on it is presumed
he will continue to arrest all those who
transgress the game law. The season for
the sale of wild ducka and quail enaed on
the 15th inst.
A large consignment of wild ducks,
which were shipped from Clarksburg a
few days ago to a commission merchant,
arrived in very poor condition, and as a
consequence the lot, consisting of mallards
and canvasbacks, was dumped into the
bay.
Barney* Mining Claims.
Alfred 8. Barney is suing Daniel Murphy,
H. Brown, John Apple and F. Monaghan for an
accounting of some mining property and for
$50,000 damages. He claims he purchased
from them for $27,000 some mining claims in
the El Dorado region in Lincoln County, Nov.,
under certain conditions of payment. He de
veloped the mines at once, and before he had
paid for them tney were worth $250,000. The
defendants, he says, upon learning this, took
forcible possession, and now he is suing to
have them ejectia, for an accounting and for
damages.
A PAULIST ORATOR.
Rev. Arthur P. Clarke to Be Heard
Here on Washincton'B Birthday.
Extensive preparations are being made
for the Young Men's Institute celebration
in this City on Washington's birthday.
On account of the uncertainty of the
weather there will be no outdoor demon
stration.
Exercises will be held in Metropolitan
Hall, and the arrangements are being
made to make these of a high order.
Rev. Arthur P. Clarke, one of the Paul
ists. a celebrated speaker, has accepted the
invitation to deliver an address. Father
Clarke is a grandson of a notable soldier
associated with Washington in Revolu
tionary times, and his address will be of
special interest.
The following standing committees have
been appointed to arrange the details of
the celebration :
Committee on programme — J. F. Cai
laphan, T. H. Fallon, Samuel Haskins and
G. M. Kelly; committee on decorations —
; Charles Healey and W. J. Davis; commit
tee on printing— F. A. Sullivan, J. T.
' Foley and E. V. Sullivan; committee on
< publicity— R. E. Fazackerley, M. F. Silk
land J. T. Foley; committee on invita
' tions— R. Tobin, Samuel Haskins and J.
: F. Callatrhan.
MAKING A SHORT CUT
Judge McKenna Finds a Neat
Way Out of a Di
lemma.
He Admits the Entire Pattison Re
port as Evidence in the
Railroad Suit.
Judge McKenna decided yesterday
morning to consider as read all the report
of the Pattison committee, the reading of
which would take up nearly a whole
month in the injunction suit brought by
the railroad company against the Railroad
Commissioners to prevent the latter from
reducing freight rates.
Ex- Judge Hayne, for the Commissioners,
argued on Monday last that the railroad
attorneys were pleased with the delay in
trying the case by having the 1500 pages
of the report read, simply that they felt
strong in the fact that they had been
granted a restraining order, which, he in
timated, would be more pleasing still if
the reading could be continued ad infini
tum.
The court believed that counsel on either
side could decide on those parts of the
voluminous report which would be neces
sary in the arguments and that they could
be stipulated when the contestants would
come together again on February 3.
Ttie decision of the court, to all appear
ance, is satisfactory to all concerned. At
torney Herrin, in his arguments to date,
has held that lie believed speedier proeress
could be made by not wading through a
lot of testimony that could have no bear
ing on the issues. He believed that it
would have been better to get up pleading
and to have proceeded to the taking of
testimony. This, he claimed, wouia have
brought forth a final decree even sooner
than a decision could possibly be had in a
preliminary injunction.
Between this date and February 3it is
expected that the factions represented will
be able to present their arguments, picking
out those portions of the report material
in the case at issue.
NEW PATROL WAGONS.
Two Covered Vehicles Similar to Those
In Use in New York to Be
Recommended.
At the meeting of the Police Commis
sioners to-night Commissioner Gunst will
submit for the inspection and considera
tion of the board photographic views he
has just received from New York of the
patrol wagon in use there by the Police De
partment. The views are three in number.
One shows the wagon from a side view, and
the other two the rear— one with the seats
in position and the other with stretcher in
use.
The wagon is much lighter than those
now in use here, and it serves also the pur
pose of an ambulance. The seats can be
lowered when necessary and a swinging
stretcher placed in the body of the wagon
so that the patient is freed from the annoy
ance and inconvenience of jolting.
Another advantage the wagon possesses
is in having a roof over it with covers
front and rear, which are kept in a roll on
top, and are lowered during rainy weather.
Two new patrol wagons are required for
the new stations, and if it is decided to
purchase two vehicles similar to those in
New York, one will be placed for use at
the Central police station and the other
probably at the California-street station.
The use of covered patrol wagons has
been recommended by Chief Crowley in
his annual reports for years back.
The S. F. and N. P. Election Postponed.
By consent of all persons interested the elec
tion of officers by the stockholders of the San
Francisco and North Pacific Railroad' Com
pany, which had been set for yesterday, was
postponed until February 11, three weeks
hence, to await the outcome of the legal pro
ceedings now pendinar in the Marin County
Superior Court Wore T udge Angelotti.
FIRE ALARMS COME HIGH
Extramen Complain of the
Charges Made for "Clarke
Gongs."
THE CITY'S POLES AEE USED.
How a Private Enterprise Is Conducted
Partly at the Expense of San
Francisco.
Occasionally the worm turns and wants
to krjow why ana wherefore.
This is the case with the firemen who
are being charged $2 a month each for
gongs which have been put in their homes
to fill the place of the big fire bells on the
engine-houses, which in many cases have
been removed.
Extramen who are connected with the
Fire Department are not as a rule expected
to sleep in the engine-house of the dis
trict in which they belong, and conse
quently stay at their own houses.
Aa a great many of the 800-pound bells
have been removed from the towers lately,
it has been necessary for the extramen to
put private tapoers in their homes, so
as to be warned in case of fire. For these
tappers, which are known as the "Clarke
gongs," the firemen are compelled to pay
$2 per month or probably lose their job
through failure to hear a fire alarm. In
the event of a hit;h wind or stormy weather
the whistle alarms are frequently of no
value, and consequently private alarms
are essential to the preservation of the
extraman's job. He simply has to put
them in or run the risk tnat follows failure
to appear at tires in his district. The non
arrival of a fireman when ne is wanted,
generally results in his being "broke," to
use the term that means dismissal among
liremen.
Chief Sullivan, interviewed yesterday
regarding the matter, said:
"1 regard the charge of $2 per month as
very high, and have always thought that
$1 would be enough. Extramen make only
135 per month out of their positions, and
they should not be expected to give up
such a proportion of their earnings to be
called to fires.
"In a great many cities of smaller popu
lation there are fully paid fire depart
ments, and extramen are done away with
altogether, but here we have them still,
and the City should pay for the electrical
service necessary to warn them of fires.
Of course the ."-team whistles are valua
ble, but if firemen want tappers they should
have them, and the charges should be rea
sonable. lam not over-familiar with the
matter and would suggest that you see
Mr. Clarke, who is the gentleman who puts
in these tappers or gongs for the firemen
who want them.''
"Does Mr. Clarke use the City's poles for
his wires?"
'•I do not know ; but it is probable that
he does."
"Has he any right to use them?"
"Well, not to any great extent, that I
can see, unless he has a franchise. But
you had better see him about it. He will
have no hesitancy in giving you all the j
information you want, as he has been in
the business a great many years."'
Later :n the day Mr. Clarke was visited
at his office in the telephone building, and
in answer to the question of whether or
not he had a franchise to use the City's
poles, he admitted that he had not.
l> Do you find it necessary to use the
poles of the City to run wires into the
homes of the firemen who are compelled
to \ise your gongs?"
"Occasionally; but as a rule I run them
over the housetops, as most of the extra
men live on the side streets, and there are
no poles tnere that it would be possible to
use."
"It is claimed by a great many firemen
that private citizens use the gongs, and
that the City's poles are used to rnn tne
wires. Is there any truth in that?"
"Well, I have a few subscribers outside
of the liremen, and whenever I find it
necessary to use the poles of the City I use
them. But that is not often."
There is a great deal of complaint among
the firemen of San Francisco over this
gong service and the charges are bitterly
complained of.
The firemen claim that Mr. Clarke's en
terprise is conducted as far as possible .on
the poles of the City and that if he had not
the use of them the Fire Department
would have to make some provision for
calling the firemen together in case of fire.
Chief Sullivan is of the opinion that the
City ought to have control orall such mat
ters and that the loVest possible rates
should be given the firemen who are com
pelled to use gongs in their houses.
The most general complaint is that if
Mr. Clarke is utilizing the City's poles to
conduct a private enterprise he ought to
be in a position to give a lower rate to the
men who are forced to do business with
him.
The Fnlding-Bed Closed.
Tne Supreme Court has reversed the ruling
of the Superior Court in the case of Grace
Lewis against Joseph T. Terry. The suit was
for damages for injuries sustained by the
plaintiff by the collapse of a foldine-bed pur
chased from the defendant. The folding-bed
was purchased from Terry by a third party,
from whom the plaintiff rented a room con
taining the aforesaid folding-bed. The
bed closed down on her arm one even
ing and broke it, and she sued Terry, the
one who sold the bed, for damages. The de
murrer was upon the ground that there was
no contract of sale between the plaiutiff and
the defendant, but the Supreme Court recog
nizes an implied contract on the part of the
salesman to sell folding-beds that are safe.
The demurrer is therefore overruled.
NEW TO-DAT.
i THE OWL
DRUG CO.,
CUT-RATE
„ DRUGGISTS!
1188 ]Vtarltot Street,
SAN FRANCISCO.
320 8. Spring Street,
LOS ANGELES.
Free -
Delivery.
THE OWL DRUG CO.
Will deliver Drugs, Medi-
cines and Toilet Articles
FREE OF FREIGHT OR
EXPRESS CHARGES to
any railroad point with-
in 100 miles of San Fran-
cisco / when purchases
amount to $5 or over,
PROVIDED orders are
accompanied with the
money.
SEND FOR PRICE LIST
_^_ HEW . TO-DAY.
HOME DYES THAT ARE FAST.
Easy to Make Beautiful Colors With the
Reliable Diamond Dyes.
Scores of women in San Francisco are
to-day wearing dresses of fashionable color
that would have been thrown aside long
ago had it not been for Diamond Dyes.
With a 10-cent package of these simple
home dyes even the novice can dye a fast
and beautiful color equal to the work of
the professional dye-house.
Cloaks, capes and shawls are readily
dyed, so that a faded garment will look
as though it was right from the shop.
Out of the 50 different kinds of Diamond
Dyes 12 are special fast colors for cotton
and mixed goods that will not crock or
fade, even when washed in strong soap-
suds. These dyes are made from a pecu-
liar combination of dye stuffs, and cannot
be had except in the Diamond.
For over twenty years Diamond Dyes
have been the standard home dyes, and
have taken the place of crude dyestuffs
and unreliable package dyes in all parts of
the worjd. This marvelous success has
naturally inspired more or less worthless
imitations, sold to the trade at a less price,
and which a few. unscrupulous dealers
urge upon their customers. The only way
to insure success in home dyeing is to use
only the Diamond, the strongest, fastest
and most successful of all dyes.
NEW AMUSEMENTS.
rruCOLAIOtfIOOrnOBo o>- ussMAaorwiMUS—
THERE TO
18 DO
A A
A THING
WAY RIGHT
And that is what we always aim to do.
The Splendid Production t,ast Night of
"THE JENSJGNF
BY THK
FRAWLEV COMPANY!
Will not only become
■<~uo_tt_i~i_[— lj~ lj~i_ '~«--~'-j~i_f~i_rx-r~CJ~L_r~><~x» n ■-. nn n —
But, as usual, crowd the theater.
Next M A y— A Great Performance of
TTWEAYRE prop*
JOYOUS KETUKN
Storms IN I to-nigh
Of OLD JMinee Sat'i
Approval! KENTUCKY!
The Pickaninny I The Glorions
BRASS BAND \ hOKSK RACE
- »-**f\£^\ fx
"Wednesday Pop" Matinee To-day 2 P. 31.
Ice Cream and Cake for Everybody.
Popular Novels for Ladies and Children.
COMPLETE AND OVERWHELMING
TRIUMPH OF
••THE WOLVES OF NEW YORK
KOOF-RAISIXG APPLAUSE!
VEST- SPLITTING MEKRIMENT!
SOUL-SOFXENING SYMPATHY!
Night Prices— lOc. 15c. 25c, 35c, sOc.
Matinees— Wednesday "Pop," Ice Cream
and Books Free to All ; Saturday and
Sunday. Priceg-lOc, 15c, 25c.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE
lima. ~L.-e.is jcstin-k K.KKI.INO Proprietor v: .vinaafs;
EVERY EVENING
THIRD EDITION THIRD EDITION
Of the Beautiful Spectacle,
"IXION !" "IXION !"
Or, THE MAN OF THE WHEEL.
NEW SONGS! NEW DANCES!
NEW SPECIALTIES !
NEW' LOCALISMS!
IN PREPARATION
"THE GENTLE SAVAGE
A New American Opera in Three Acts.
Popular Prices— 2sc and 500.
j ' _
MOROSCO'S .
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
The Handsomest Family Theater in America.
WALTER MOROSCO, Sole Lessee and Manager
THIS EVENING AT EIGHT,
Pint Production In San Franchsco or James Has-
Kins' Great Melodrama,
"A MAN WITHOUT A COUNTRY !"
A Story of Louisiana During
the Civil War.
Evesixo Pricks— 2sc and 500.
Family Circle and Gallery. 10c.
Usual Matinees Saturday ana Sunday.
ORPHEUM.
O'Farrell Street, Between Stockton and PoirtiL
—OVERWHELMING SUCCESS OF
OUR BRILLIANT NEW COMPANY !
© SSTIfcS'W stars: — 9
RACHEL WALKER,
The Creole Nightrngale-the Musical Sensation
of the City. •
SISTERS DE VAN,
SISTERS DE WITT, Etc.
Reserved seats, 25c; Balcony, 10c; Opera caaln
and Box seats, 60c.
MACDONOUGH THEATER
(OAKLAND)..
MARIE WAINWRIGHT !
Farewell Performance To-night— "CAMItLE 11
Secure seats in advance.
NOW THAT THE SUN SHINES
Shoot the Chutes and Trip the Trolley!
AFTERNOON AND EVENING. '
ADMISSION io CENTS
Children (including a Merry-Go- Round Hide), 10c
PACIFIC COAST
JOCKEY CLUB
(Ingleside Track).
FIVE OR MORE RACES DAILY.
(RAIN OR SHINE.)
FIRST RACE AT 2:00 P. I*l.
ADMISSION 81.00.
Take Southern Faclnc trains at Third and Town-
send streets Depot, leaving at 12:40 and 1:15 P. m.
Fare for round trip, including admission to grand
stand, $1. Take Mission-street electric line dtreos
to track.
A. B. SPRECKELS, W. S. LEA KB,
President. Secretary.
COLUMBIA BICYCLE-RIDING
ACADEMY, .
1970 Page Street, Near stanyan, Par)
Entrance.
The Most Elaborate and
Complete Cycler y in America. ,
Commodious indoor Riding and Instruction Hall, ■
fully equipped and free from all obstructions.
I Luxurious Reception-rooms, Baths, Lockers, etc.
Columbia and Hartford Bicycles and Tandems
for Bale and Kent. Wheels taken, on storage.
78
G. A. HUBBELL TO
FATHER YORKE.
The A. P. A. Editor Writes
About the Oaths of
Bishops.
CLAIMS OF THE CHURCH.
Declarations Purporting to Have
Been Made by a Bishop of
Illinois.
CHINIQUY'S CASE SET FORTH
Rights of an Ex-Communicant of the
Catholic Church as Interpreted
by Mr. Hubbell.
The following communication has Deen
received by The Call from G. A. Ilubbell
<>i (he American Patriot:
San Francisco Call— Deab Sir: The
mission of tbe Jesuits in the United States is
4ent upon the Roman Catholic Bishop.
The Bishop must in person every three or ten
years give account to the Holy ■ <i ■-••
C. Y«.rte attempted to tret rid of the
including the Bishop's oath, taken by
this pagan system by saying they
were forgeries. To cite Dowling was a waste of
time.
We ask indulgence to produce the Bishop's
oath this time in Latin and English from a
Komnn Catholic source— the Pontificale Ro
manura. The oath differs from the other only
i;i a very few unimportant phrases.
The Pontificate Romanura contains the Latin
(burled from the common people), the prayers,
readings and forms to be observed in various
ecclesiastical rites in which a Pontiff (Bishop)
officiates. It is issued by the order of the
Popes.
The oath is as follows:
LATIN.
Ego, X.. electus eeclesiae X., Rb hac hora in
antea iideMs et obediens ero B. Petro apostolo,
saneta Romania diesis, et domino nos
xro, domino N. papae N., suisque sueqessoribus
cauonice intrantibus. Xon ero in consilio, aut
consensu, vel facto, ut vitam perdant, aut
mem rum; set capiantur mala captione; aut
in os manus quo modo libet ingerantur; vel
fnjuriae aliquae inferantur, quovis quaesito
colore. Consiiium vero ';' ; od mihi credituri
taut, per Be, nut nuncios buos, seu liter
as, ed eorum damnum, me sciente,
uemini pandam. Papatum Romanuru at
regalia .-am v Petrl adjutor cis ero
Bil dcfendendum et retinendum, salvo meo
ordine. contra oninem hominem. Legatum,
hpostolicse sedis in eurido et redeundo honori
lice tractabo, et in suis necessitatibus ad juvabo.
Jura, honores, Privileiria, et auctoritatem
sauctae Romanes ecclesia?, domini nostri papje
et successorum praedictorum, conservare, de
fendere, augere, promovere curabo. Neque ero
in consiiio, vel facto, sea tractatu in quibus
contra issan) dominum nostrum, vel eandem '.
Komanain ecclesiani aliqua sinistra vel prae
judicialia pers-onarum, juris, honoris, status et
poteststis eorum machinentur.
Ft si talia a quibuscunque tractari vel pro
curnri noyero, imoediam hoc pro posse, et
quanto citius potero siguiticabo eidem domino
nostro, vel olteri per quern possit ad ip&iusno
litiam pervenire. Regulus sanctorum Patrum,'
decreta, ordinationes, seu dispositiones, reser
vatlones, provisiones, et mandata apostoliea
totis viribus observabo, et faciam ab aliis or>
t-t-rvari. Haereticos, schismaticos, et rebelles
eidem domino nostro vel successoribus pra-
d^ctis pro posse per^equar et impug
nabo. Vooatus ad 6yriodum veniara, nisi
prsepiditus fuero canonlca praepepiti
one. Apoatolorum limina sin^ulis* trieuuiis
persons per me [ptuat visitabo, et- domino
estro ac succestoribus preefatis rationem red
dam de toto meo pastoraii officio ac de rebus
omnibus ad me» eoclesia statum. ad cleri et
populi discipiinam, ar.imarum denique qua;
meai dei traditae sunt. talutem quovis modo
Eertinentibus.etvicissim mandata apostolica
umiliter recipiam et guam diligentisFime I
oxequar. Quod Xi legitimo impedimento :
detentus fuero prsiata omnia adim
plebo per centum sanctum ad hoc spe
ciale mandatum habentem de gremio me
capituli, aut alium in diKnitate ecclesiastlca
constitum, seu alias, personatum habenunn;
aut, his mini deficientibus, por dicecesanura
totem; et clero deficicute omnino per
nliquem alium presbyterum secularem vel
regularem spectatte prohitatis et religion!* de
supracictis omnibus plene instructum. De
modi nutom impedimento docebo ■ per
legitimas probationes ad sanctfc Romanae
ecclesia; cardinalem proponetem in congre
gation! sairi conciiii per supradictim nuncium
transmit tend csiones vero ad mensam
meam pertinentes non de uovo infeudabo vel
aliqiio modo nlionabo, etiam cum consensu
capiiulieccleshc rnea?, inconsulto Romano Pon
tifice. Et si ad aliquam alienationem devenero,
pa?nas in quadam super hoc edita constitut!one
contentaseo ipso incurrere volo. Sic me Deus
adjuvet et haecsancta Dei evangelia.
•TRANSLATION.
I, N., elect of the church of NNt. t from hence
forward trill be faithful and obedient to St.
I'eter the Apostle, and to the noly Roman
church, and to our lord, the lord X., Pope N., and
to his successors, canonicaliy coming in. I will
neither advise, consent nor do anything that
they. may lose life or member, or that their per
sons maybe seized, or hands in anywise laid
upon them, or any injuries offered to them un
der any pretense whatsoever. The council
which they shall entrust me withal by them
selves, their messengers or letters. I will not
knowingly reveal to any to their prejudice. I
wiil help them to defend and keep the Roman
Papacy and the royalties of St. Peter say-
Ing my order against all men. The legate of
the Apostolic See, going and coming, I will
honorably treat and help in his necessities.
The rights, honors, privileges and authority
of the holy Roman church of our lord, the
Pope, and his aforesaid successors, I will en
deavor to preserve, defend, increase and ad
vance. I will not be in any council, action or
treaty in which shall be plotted against our
paid lord and the said Roman church, any
thing to the hurt or prejudice of their per
sons, rights, honor, state or power: and if I
shall know any such thing to be treated or
agitated by any whatsoever, I will hinder It to
my power, and as soon as I can will signify it
to our said lord, or to some other, by whom it
may come to his knowledge. ' The Tules of the
holy lathers, the apostolic decrees, ordinances
or disposals, reservations, provisions and man
dates I will observe with all my might ana
cause to be observed by others. Heretics
schismatics and rebels to our said lord or his
forcsaid successors, I will to my power perse,
cute and oppose. ■ -
I will come to a council when I am called un
less I be hindered by a canonical impediment.
I win by myself in person visit the threshold
of the apostolic every three years, and give an
account to our lord and his foresaid success
ors of all my pastoral office and ot the things
otherwise pertaining to the state of my church
to the discipline of my clergy and people, and
lastly to the salvation of souls committed to
my trust; and will in like manner humbly re
ceive and diligently execute the apostolic com
mands.and if Jam detained by a lawful im
pediment, I will perform all the things afore-
Bald by a certain messenger hereto especially
empowered a member of my chapter, or some
other ecclesiastical dignity, or else having
parsonage, or in default of these a priest of the
diocese, or in default of one of the elerev
the diocese) by some secular or regular nfiest
of approved integrity and religion, fully in
structed in all things above mentioned An!
such impediment I will make out bv 'lawful
proofs to be transmitted by the aforesaid mes
*engcr to the cardinal proponent of the holy
Roman church in the congregation of the sa
cred council. The possessions belonging to mv
table I will neither sell nor giveaway nor
mortgage, nor grant anew in fee, nor in 'any
w!*c alienate, no, not even with the consent of
the chapter of my church, without consulting
the Roman Pontiff. And if 1 shall make any
alienation I will thereby incur the penalties
contained in a certain constitution put forth
about this matter. So help me God and these
holy gospels of God. luese
The above is a true copy. G. A. Htjbbell.
HUBBELL TO YORKE.
The A. P. A. Man Quotes Exten
sively From the Columns of the
American Patriot.
The following communication is self
explanatory:
To the Editor of the San Francisco Call— Dear
. c ik: I hereby submit to you, on account of
its great importance, en article from the
American Patriot. It lays Peter C. Yorke on
the shelf:
PETER YORKE KNOCKED OUT.
The Subject-Matter of His Challenge Al
. -, ready Settled by an American
Court.
And Sworn to as Correct by a Roman Catholic
Bishop.
Editor American Patriot— Dear Sir: While so
much dust is being stirred up by the fellow
whom Christ told to "get thee behind me
Satan," it may not be out of place to publish
the following for the benefit of your readers.
I see no good to be accomplished in the Rev.
Mr. Ross taking up the gauntlet thrown down
by Peter C. with a pull-back string attached to
it. The subject matters therein mentioned in
the challenge have already been proven to be
correct in statement before a legal court and
sworn in statement before a legal court and
>m to dv no less a person than a Roman
Catholic Bishop in authority, and are now a
matter of court record and there preserved
forever. '^- ; ••<■'
In 1882 a copy of the Knnkakee Times, pub
lished at Kankakee, Illinois, came to San Fran
cisco, whicn contained a communication over
the signature of Vox Populi. On learning
the name of the author of the communi
cation, a correspondence was opened with him,
and it was learned that he was un eminent
lawyer of that place, the Hon. Stephen R.
Moore, who also was Notary Public. In his
<>, whicn continued a communication over
signature of Vox Populi. On learning
name of the author of the communi
on, a correspondence was opened with him,
it was learned that he was an eminent
yer of that place, the Hon. Stephen R.
re, who also was Notary Public. In his
letters in reply, bearing date of May 15 and
June 3, ISSi. he said:
You ask, 4 *\Vhat Judge was upon the bench fit
the time the suit was brought (you mean trial)
when Bishop Foley was required to 'translate from
the works of St. Thomas Aquinas and St. Uguori?
Who were Chlnlquy's attorneys, etc.?" •
You ask me to give you the facts in regard to the
examination of Bishop Foley when we made him
make the translations. ,
We knew ilia: lie was the head of authority- of
the Church of Illinois. We knew, that he would
not dare deny the authority of the books as bind
log on the church. If .Mr. Chlniquy would swear
to the books being authority, it would be denied by.
all Catholics, when they could not deny it. when
the proof came from the Bishop.
We wanted to show, also, that it was authority
in the church to-day, as well as at the time they
were published. This could only be done by forc
ing the Bishop to I• a witness. We knew he would
go away from the jurisdiction of the court, so he
could not be served with process, If lie knew what
we wanted. Our statute allows any person whether
ollicer or not, to serve ;* aubpena. We pot the
process, and In my possession on the evening be
fore the trial; and took the evening train for
•or not, to serve » subpena. We got the
ss. and In my possession ou the evening be
the trial, and 1 took the evening train for
Chicago, I found a friend in Chicago to go with
me. 1 knew that it' I sent up my. name he would
refuse to see me. My friend sent up his card, with
request to see the Bishop; This was about 9
o'clock at night. After a long delay, he CUM
to the library. He was much " astonished
when he saw me, and looked at his
card to assure himself that no mistake bad oc
curred. I introduced my friend, who politely read
the process, commanding him to appear upon the
next day at Kankakee and testify in the case, at
the same time tendering him his witness fees, be
ing 5 cents a mile and $1 for the clay's services.
Ho indignantly refused the money and declared he
would not attend, lie thought the courts h -d no
power over him. He recognized no authority but
the authority of the church. 1 assured him that
be must do as he thought beat; but he must take
the consequences. It would be a contest between
him and the court, and 1 had never seen the court
fail to enforce the orders of the court.
He sent for the attorney for his diocese, Hon. B.
O. Caulncld, and after the interview he had no
difficulty in concluding to obey the process the
court.
Judge Charles 11. Wood was on the bench, Judge
William usgood (formerly associate counsel with
.Lincoln and Paddock) and myself.
When Bishop Foley went on the witness-stand
we wanted Judge Osgooi to handle him, but be de
clined. I had my subject well In hand and was
quite familiar with the original, and after he made
a few attempts to evade me lie came down to the
work and made a good witness*. He never forgave
me for it, however. He really felt that h s high
position had been lowered. It was the first time
that any lawyer bad done such a thing.  . .**
I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your
obedient servant, Stephen It. iiooHE.
The following is his communication referred
to, published in the Kankakee Times.
THE CHUKCH OF BOMB AND LIBERTY OF CON
SCIKKCE.
In one of your past issues you told your readers
that the Rev. Mr. Chiniquy had gained the long
and formidable lawsuit instituted by the Roman
Catholic Bishop to dispossess him and his people
of their church property. But you have not yet
given any particulars about (be startling revela
tions the Bishop had to make before the court in
reference to the still-existing laws of the Church of
Rome against those whom they call "heretics."
Nothing is more important for every one than to
know precisely what those laws are.
As I was present when the Roman Catholic
Bishop Foley of Chicago was ordered to read in
Latin and translate into Knglish those laws I have
kept a correct cony of them and I send it to you
with the request to publish it.
The Key. Mr. Chiniquy presented the works of
Saint Thomas and Saint Lttuori to the Bishop, re
questing him to say, under oath, if those works
were or were not among the highest theological
authorities in the church of Home all over the
world. After a long and serious opposition on the
part of the Bishop to answer, the court having said
he (the Bishop was bound to answer, the Bishop
confessed thai these theological works were looked
upon as among the highest authorities, and that
they were tnuxht and learned in all the colleges
end universities of Rome as standard works. Then
the Bishop was requested to read In Latin and
translate into English the following laws and
fundamental principles of action against the here
tics as explained by Saints Thomas and Uguori:
[We omit the Latin and give the translation by the
Bishop.
An excommunicated man is deprived of all civil
communication with the faithful id such ■ way
that if he is not tolerated they can have no com
munication with him, as It Is in the following
verse:
••It is forbidden to kiss him, pray with him,
salute him. to eat or do any business witti him.
[See uori. vo . IX, page 163.
'•Though heretics must not be tolerated because
they deserve It, we must bear them till, by a sec
ond admonition, they may bo brought back to the
faith of the church. But those who, after a second
admonition, remain obstinate In their errors, mast
not only he excommunicated but they must be de.
livered to the secular power to be exterminated.
•"Though the heretics who repent must always
be accepted to penance as often as they have fallen,
they must not, inconsequence of that, always be
permitted to enjoy the benefits of this life. • * •
When they fall again they are admitted to repent,
but the sentence of ueath must not be removed.
(St. Thomas, vol. iv, pa^i 01.] .
"When a man is excommunicated for his
apostasy it follows from that very fact that all
those who are his subjects are released from the
oath of allegiance by which they were bound to
obey him." [.St. Thomas, vol. iv, page 94. J I
The next document of the church of Rome
brought before the court was the act of the Council
of Lateran, A.D. 1215. ■•„■■■■■
" We excommunicate; and anathematize every
heresy that exalts itself against the holy, orthodox
and Catholic faith, condemning all heretics by
whatever name they may be known— for though
their (aces differ, they are tied together by their
tails. Such as are condemned are to be delivered
over to the secular powers, to receive due punish
ment. If laymen, their goods must be conrihcatea.
If priests, they shall be tirst degraded from their
respective orders and their property applied to the
use of the church in which they have officiated.
Secular powers of all ranks and degrees are to be
warned, induced, and if necessary, compelled- by
ecclesiastical censures to swear that they will
exert themselves to the utmost in the defense of
the faith, and extirpate all heretics denounced by
the church who shall be found in their territories.
And when any person shall assume government,
whether it be spiritual or temporal, he shall be
bound to abide by this decree.
" If any temporal lord, after having been ad
monished to clear his territory of heretical deprav
ity, the metropolitan and the bishops of th
province shall unite In excommunicating him
Should he remain contumacious a whole year, the
fact shall be signified to the Supreme Pontiff, who
will declare his vassals released from that tin
and will bestow his territory on Catholics, to be
occupied by them on the condition of exterminat
ing the heretics and preserving the said territory
In the faith. :
'•Catholics who shall assume the' cross for the ex
termination of heretics snail enjoy the same indul
gences and be protected by the same privileges as
are granted to those who go to the help of the Holy
.Land. We do decfee, further, that all who may
have dealings with heretics, and especially such as
receive, defend or encourage them, shall be ex
communicaied." "He shall not be eligible to any
public office. He shall not be admitted as a wit
ness. He shall neither have the power to be
queath his property by will nor succeed to any In
heritance. He shall not bring any action against
any person, but any one can bring an action
again.st him. Should he be a judge, his decision
shall have no force, nor shall any cause .be brought
before him. Should he be an advocate, he shall not
be allowed to plead, Should he be a lawyer, no in
struments made by him shall be held valid, but
shall be condemned with their author."
The Roman Catholic Bishop swore that these
laws had never been repealed, and that they were
still the laws of his church. He had to swear that
every year, he was .bound under pain of eternal
damnation, to say, in the pretence of God, and to
read in his Brevarinm (his prayer book) that "God
himself had inspired" what St.Thomas had writ
ten about the manner that heretics should be
treated by the Roman Catholics.
1 will abstain from making any remarks upon
these startling revelations of that Roman Catholic
high authority. But I think it is the duty of even
citizen to know what the Roman Catholic Bishops
and priests understand by liberty of conscience
The Roman Catholics are as interested as the
Protestants to know, precisely what the-teachinrs
of their church are on the subject of liberty and
conscience, and hear the exact truth as coming
from such a high authority that there Is no room
left for any doubt. v/. '. Vox Topoti.
As already stated, the Hon. Stephen Moore
of Kankakee, 111., the attorney for Rev. Charles
Chiniquy, was the author of the article signed
"Vox Pojmli," and it was the record of the
court as above given on December 30, 1880,
ana will be found on pages 070, 077 and 678
of Rev. C. Chiniquy's "Fifty Years in the
Church of Rome.", , : • ->■ '
This occurred only fifteen years ago, and is
fresh, in the minds of | the people at that place
That record at least is secured beyond all dan
ger, a .-: :;«- ■ •.-- :•■:..«.',-■, -. t , ■
"If you believe In an uncontrovertible man
ner that you.are commanded to lie, then lie."
— rßaßnedi, Jesuit, in Juiclo.Theologica, page
278.] \ - ■ -•■\r ■ ■-■■■■..■,.:" ■■■.."■
This will readily be seen is the authority and
text most closely followed by Peter C. Yorke
in his inhumations, and the proceedings of
the court at Kankakee, 111., with Bishop FoVey's j
evidence and translations, prove Peter's men
dacity. ■'■ *-'■ ■•■ .-.-■ r ■ Veritas.
Yours, proved. G. A. Hubbell.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 22, 1896.
CHAMBER OF COMMERCE
Some Matters of Interest Dis
cussed at Its Annual
Meeting.
THE FUNDING BILL SCORED.
Gist of Resolutions Passed— Addresses
of the Retiring and Incoming
Presidents.
; Many of the City's merchant princes at
tended the annual meeting of the Cham
ber of Commerce yesterday afternoon.
Among those present were: R. G. Sneath,
William L. Merry, A. Gerberding, George
Davidson, Louis Sloss Jr., L. H. Clement,
Hugh Craig, John L. Howard, Louis B.
Parrott, F. Chapman, Charles M. Yates,
A. B. Field, Arthur E. Towne, George A.
Newhall, Charles Nelson, F. W. Van Sick
len, 11. T. Scott, A. J. Ralston and others.
Ow;ng to the absence of President W.
H. Dimoiid in Southern California the
meeting was called to order by Mr. Craig,
I proceedings commencing with the reports
of the secretary and treasurer. Secretary
Clement reported that during the past
year three members of the chamber had
died, thirty had resigned and two had
been dropped from the roll. During the.
year 111 new members had been secured,
the total being now 384, as against 308 on
the Ist of January, 1895.
These reports being approved, the ad
dress of the retiring president, W. H. Di
mond, was read by the secretary. It was
! in part as follows:
Gentlemen of the Chamber of Commerce of
San Francisco: After two years of service as
presiding officer of your body and many years'
service as a trustee, in this, "my final report to
you as president, I may be pardoned for im
pressing upon you at this time my views re
j garding several important measures as yet not
consummated, but for which the Chamber Of
Commerce of this City has long and strenu
ously labored. • • • ■
Recent developments at home and abroad
have brought to the front the importance of
the isthmian canal under American control.
The pamphlet on the subject .recently disiriD
uted by this chamber, the exact knowledge and
[ unquestioned eloquence of our members who
( have advocated the building of . this canal,
j leave practically nothing to add to the litera
ture on the subject.
One of our honored members anC Senators
■ from this State has already introduced a bill
I in the Senate, and is using his best endeavors
j to have a measure adopted by Congress that
will speedily bring about the "construction of
tnis most important waterway, considered
} either from a commercial or military stand
point. The measure, also urged by a member
of the House from this State, may become a
statute by legislation; although such crave
subjects are now before Congress this "vital
measure for the Pacific Coast is liable for the
time being to be laid aside.
Should that unfortunately be a fact this
chamber should redouble its* efforts to bring It
before the next Congress, never wearying of
the good work, but persisting until all obsta
cles are overcome and success crowns our
efforts. It may perhaps have escaped your
notice that a. hook entitled "The Key to the
Pacific— the Nicaragua Canal," written by an
; eminent English engineer, calls attention to
the fact that Great Britain will lose and the
United States gain by its construction. Here
is an extract: \
••Through the Suez canal England ha« at
present the advantage of the United States as
regards China, Japan and Australia by about
2700 miles. The Nicaragua canal made, the
Atlantic cities of the United States will be only
1000 miles farther from Hongkong and Centra;
China generally than Britain; 1200 to 1900
miles nearer the northern ports of China, Korea
and Japan; 2700 miles nearer the average of
the western ports of South America ; 1300 mil
nearer New Zealand. The canal will bring
New Orleans 1000 miles and the gulf ports
from 700 to 1000 miles nearer again than N.-
York. The canal will place the States in touch
with .".00, 000.000 people with whom at present
they have comparatively little intercourse—
namely, the people of China, Japan, Korea,
Australia, Malaysia, Ecuador, Bolivia, Peru
and Chile.
"This means, of course, that the supremacy,
control, etc., we (the British) at present possess
in the trade of Eastern Asia and Australasia
Mil);b3 strongly attacked by the|United States."
Another important subject, to my mind, is
the development of interior water transporta
tion. On ttie-lth of November last the people
of the State of New York voted to expend
$9,000,000 to improve the canal system of the
State— a system that for at least five months of
every year is locked in the icy grasp of the
Aictlc frosts. The millions expended by the
State have not only returned an Immense
profit In building up its manufactures, its
cities and towns— giving cheap transportation
and making its farms valuable— but returned
in actual cash, over and above first cost, inter
est and cost of maintenance, $10,000,000 net
profit since DeWitt Clinton declared the Erie
canal open to traffic.
[I there not a possibility of combining State
and private enterprise with the well-expended
but all too meager fund from the National
Government to tut our interior waterways in
a condition that will approximate the grand
system of rivers end canals in the Empire
State? There seems to be much food for
thought in this important subject, of interest
alike to the city merchants and the country
producer. This fact may be emphasized by
quoting the statement made public a few
months since, that in spite of Pittsburgh mag
nificent railroad facilities, 5,000.000 bushels,
or about 186,175 tons, of coal were shipped by
river late in the fall, requiring 57 towbouts
323 barges.and 70 flatboats to carry it.
The chamber during the past year has in
creased its usual expenditures by issuing the
Nicaragua pamphlet and by sending to the
Trans-Mississippi Congress able representatives
of California commercial worth. That the
money was well expended results prove, ana
the enterprise sho*n by this chamber in the
tmst in such direction should not be allowed to
flag. ■
The direction of the affairs of this body passes
into able hands, and in taking up the labor
the new board finds the organization finan
cially in a prosperous condition with an in
creased membership, unanimity and enthu
siasm among its members. True, death has
removed from our membership able and
earnest men. •
William Norris, William Steinhart and
Robert F. Bunker, all have gone where busi
ness cares cease to trouble. But our ranks have
been recruited with young and enthusiastic
San Franciscans, and the loss from our coun
cils of skilled and tried labor for the advance
ment of our City, State and coast must be made
good from the loyal efforts of our younger
members, added to those who have been tried
and not found wanting, who for years have
been working for our mutual advancement.
. I cannot close without thanking my fellow
trustees for the earnest support given me, and
again calling attention to the unflagging, dis
interested labors of Senator Perkins at Wash
ington in behalf of California; • In fact not he
alone, but the whole California delegation de
serve the warm thanks of this chamber for
their gallant efforts to promote in Congress
the welfare of our State. To our secretary is
due the thanks of the trustees and the cham
ber for his efficient work, particularly his suc
cessfu. efforts to Increase the membership of
this body, which after deducting deaths and
resignations shows a net gain of seventy-six
members for the year, a result largely due to
his personal efforts, -.To the whole chamber
for the honor conferred in selecting me to pre
side over your deliberation the past year I ex
tend my heartfelt thanks.
W. H. Dimond, President.
The following memorial to Congress was
next read: :^'viT:;t;V
To the Honorable Senate and House of. Represen
tatives in Congress Assembled.: Your memorial.
Ist, the Chamber of Commerce of San Fran-
Cisco, respectfully and urgently reiterates it
prayer to preceding sessions, of your august
organization for the speedy construction of th
Nicaraguan canal under control of the United
States Government, with such wise and con
servative provisions as shall secure low tolls
and freedom from discrimination to American
shipping. / , ; ■ .-. ■•.■-.. ..■...-.-.
The American people nave no special inter
est in the technical details of construction
These should be agreed upon by the civil engi
neers, experts in the matter, who have given
years of study and careful examination of the
best methods to be adopted in overcoming th
obstacles which . nature has placed : before
them. It is enough for us to know that we are
fully warranted in the assertion that, above all
canal, routes between the great oceans, that
through Nicaragua offers the greatest induce
ments for construction and the least obstacle
to successful canalization. ;•/...• ...•-. :;i
Neither is the cost a question "to be 'consid
ered by our people, provided it be limited to an
amount on which a moderate revenue will be
remunerative, a point on : which no hones
doubt Is entertained. The necessity for th
Nicaragua canal is | Imperative to our country
commercially; politically, and for the National
defense. It is a peaceable and effective asser
tion of the Monroe doctrine if built under the
control of the Government of the United States
and Nicaragua.
It is an abandonment of the Monroe doctrine
n permitted to be constructed and controlled
by any European power. Were a "referendum"
to the American people a possibility we are
confident ahe demand for "an American canal
under American control, 1 ' for the security of
American influence, prestige and prosperity,
would be practically unanimous.
The greatest statesmen of our country, irre
spective of party, are on record for the bene
ficent work which will be the crown of Ameri
can patriotism. The development of our com
merce, our industries, our international influ
ence, our political and military safety, all de
mand tne prompt construction of the Nicar
agua canal under the control of the United
States Government.
Confident that our Government will no
longer delay action on this great enterprise,
without which the Pacific Coast languishes in
an arrested development, we subscribe our
selves with high respect, your fellow-citizens,
The Chamber of Commerce of San Francisco.
A brief resolution was also read and ap
proved favoring the laying of a submarine
cable under American auspices to the
Sandwich Islands.
The following resolutions were passed
amid much applause:
Resolved, That the Chamber of Commerce of
ban Francisco, impressed with the advantages
of peace and comity between all nations, is
none the less convinced that a conservative
and honorable assertion of the National policy
oi self-protection is an absolute necessity to the
welfare of the republic and a duty to its citi
zens.
Resolved, That, having these principles in
view, this chamber cordially approves the
position of the President of the United States
on the Monroe doctrine, and congratulates the
Government upon the unanimous approval ot
the American people of a National policy so
necessary to our peace and National prosper-
ResoJved, That attested copies of these resolu
tions be sent to the President of the United
States and to the California delegation for
presentation to the Fifty-fourth Congress, now
in session; also, that copies be furnished the
public press, with request for their puDlica
tion.
In the matter of the proposed resurvey
of San Francisco Bay and its tributaries,
with a view to improved coa3t and harbor
defenses, the following resolutions were
introduced:
Resolved, That the Chamber of Commerce of
San Francisco respectfully urges upon the
honorable Fifty-fourth Congress of the United
States the prompt enactment of Senate bill
334, introduced by Senator Squire, providing
for the Immediate increase ot coast and harbor
defenses.
Resolved. That this chamber cordially ap- I
proves and urges prompt action upon the vari- j
ous suggestions made by members of Congress I
for increased naval construction as a necessity j
for the National defense. The money raised i
by the taxation of our people and expended I
both in increased coast defenses and the naval '
forces oi the republic returns at once to the j
avenues of labor and industry, and is not for a j
moment to be considered in "comparison with ;
the honor, prestige and safety of our country.
Resolved, Tnat attested copies of these reso
lutions be forwarded to the President of the
United States and to the CaliTornia delegation
for presentation to both houses of the Fifty
fourth Congress.
After resolutions had been adopted regu
lating tbe lay-days of vessels laden with
coal from foreign and domestic ports, the
niembeis of the chamber expressed them
selves as follows in relation to the funding
bill:
Resolved, That the Chamber of Commerce of
Pan Francisco, having under consideration all
the conditions involved, and having reference
to the message of the President of the United
States to the Fiftieth Congress, recommending
the Government to secure itself by legal pro
cess against financial loss in its relations with
the subsidized overland railroads, urgently
protests against the refunding of the indebted
ness of these railroads by legal enactments.
Resolved, That, wnile the question of the
management of railways by the Government
udmits of n fnir discussion, the obligation of a
corporation to pay its debts is as binding as
that of an individual debtor, and when unable
to ao this the ordinary process of laws should
prevail, otherwise our people have a right to I
complain that while citizens generally are {
made to obey the. law, rich corporations and '
millionaires are exempt.
Resolved, That the people dependent upon '
the line of the subsidized defaulting railroads, j
in the case of their debt being funded, must '
endure the burden of excessive cost of trans- !
poriation for the many years of the extension !
demanded, an obvious injustice, which will I
retard the development of the dependent ter- j
ritory; whereas a change of management,
either directly by the Government or by lease,
under proper restrictions, will develop the ter
ritory ami increase the value of the railway
itself". For these valid reasons, this Chamber
of Commerce favors foreclosure by the Govern
ment as the result of default in the payment of
the debt owing it.
Retolved, That attested copies of these reso- |
Unions be sent to the l'resident of the. United I
states, the Pacific Coast delegation in Congress j
and to tbe committee in the Senate and House
of Representatives having the measure under I
consideration; also, that copies be furnished i
the public press requesting its support.
Hugh Craig, the incoming president,
then read his inaugural address. After re
ferring to the prosperity which he said had
characterized the past year as contrasted
with the preceding year, Mr. Craig said
regarding the Venezuelan question:
The threatening of -war which for the last
month have excited the newspapers and Wash
ington politicians, thanks to the eommon
-I'li-e of the ordinary people of the Anglo
! Saxon race, are being relegated to the past, and
! the sneer of those who have pointed to the two
| j;reat sections of the Englisn-speaking people
with the remark, "See haw they love one an
other," will certainly be disappointed, for it
would be the crime of the century Bboald
"Brother John" and "Brother Jonathan" bo
unable to settle by arbitration the wretched
question of some Venezuela boundary. We
must not, however, allow this to be used as a
feint, or as a "red herring to be drawn across
I our scent," and forget that our "Kanuck
i cousins" are charged with bung a "little too
previous" in establishing custom-house offices
on what they claim is our Alaskan boundary.
A member of our chamber has within the last
thirty days informed me that his shipments of
manufactured clotbiug to the upper mines
of the Yukon have entirely ceased because
of the obstructions by Canadian customs
authorities, who permit Dominion manufac
tures to enter free and impose duties upon us.
Our countrymen in the republic of the isles
have been blessed with an abundant sugar
! harvest— more than we can refine or consume—
i and have already drawn upon our port for
10.000 tons of shipping, and will probably re
quire 10,000 tons more, thence to New York.
We may fairly hope that during the coming
year an empowering act may be passed at
Washington facilitating a protectorate for that
youngest of republics, if not annexation to our
own country.
Going further afield, our kith and kin in
Australia are recovering from the wreckage of i
their financial institutions in 1893. Increased !
prices for their staples give them more pur- I
chasing power, which will increase trade be- I
tween our coast and their colonies. They have j
been unfortunate, however, in a short harvest, |
which has become our opportunity, for our j
overflowing granaries have been already I
drawn upon for some 25,000 tons of bread- !
stuffs, which may be increased to something
like 100,000 tons before their next harvest.
Indeed, late reports advise a shortage there of
over 200,000 tons.
The cessation of war between Japan and
China must lead to increase of the commerce
of our port. Already 500,000 bales of cotton
have been arranged for by Japan and are now
in course of transhipment to this City by rail,
and thence to its ports and destination by
steam. The possibilities in the womb of the
future for trade with the 400,000,000 of China
and the 40,000.000 of Japan cannot be pre
dicted, but certainly must inure to the ad
vantage of our port.
The energies of the Japanese population
when applied to manufacturing for export are
likely to make themselves felt in the marts of
the world, and they may become the "Yankees"
oi the Orient.
Alaska has poured her tribute of $1,750,000 !
from her mines and 800,000 cases of salmon
from her fisheries into our treasuries and ware
houses. Her possibilities for expansion are
limited only by the enterprise of our mer
chants.
Returning for a moment to our immediate
commercial requirements, it will be the duty
of each and every member of the Chamber of
Commerce to second our efforts to obtain an
appropriation for the removal of dangers to
navigation at the approach to and within our
own spacious bay of San Francisco.
I am informed by Professor Davidson, who
has made a specialty of the subject, that upon
one small indent of our harbor, where a cor
poration's influence has been made todoiu
wor)»at Washington, appropriations have been
secured amounting to $1,750,000, and to our
neighbor across the bay, the rising city of Oak
laud, we may 6ay "well done." But would you
believe it, during all that period the appropri
ations for San Francisco harbor have not ex
ceeded $100,000?
The newly elected officers of the cham
ber to soon be installed are: Hugh Craig
president; John L. Howard, first vice
president; Lonia B. Parrott, second vice
president; William L. Merry secretary;
W. H. Dimond, J. F. Chapmin, A. J. Ral
ston, Louis bloss Jr., H. T. Scott, F. "NY.
van Sicklen, William L. Merry, Charles
Nelson, George A. Newhall, Arthur G.
Towne, A. B. Field trnd Charles M. Yates,
directors.
HOPE FOR CONSUMPTIVES
Four Patients Declare They Are
Getting Strong and Well
on Lymph.
DR. HIRSCHFELDER'S METHOD.
A Sufferer in the City and County
Hospital Pitches Hay After a
Short Treatment.
There are three patients afflicted with
consumption in the City and County Hos
pital who declare that the lymph treat
ment of Dr. J. 0. Hirscbfelder has produced
extraordinary results for the better,
and these sufferers are now hopeful that
they may recover. One of them, William
John Davis, denies everything that Willie,
a fellow-patient, stated regarding the new
method of treatingconsumDtion. Willies
account of his alleged experiences in the
City and County Hospital, in effect that
Dr. Hirschfelder's injections for consump
tion were cruel and not efficacious, were
declared by Davis yesterday to be incor
rect.
One poor fellow, who on entering the
hospital little more than two months ago
could barely breathe, and for that reason
was positively unable to undergo the slight
est exertion, could not be found in the
consumption ward yesterday. After a
hunt about the institution he was found.
"Where were you?" the doctor in charge
of the ward asked.
"Out in the hayloft, helping a man
pitch hay,' : was the reply.
This man was James Card, 41 years of
age, laborer by occupation, who "entered
the hospital November 25, and began to
undergo the lymph treatment December
23. He looked sickly, of course, but had
little of that hue characteristic of the con
"l'm feeling pretty strong now," he
said in reply to a question as to his condi
tion. "I've been working up in the hay
loft. I took the treatment first December
25. I was pretty bad then, for up to that
time I had not picked up much, but I've
gained twenty-four or twenty-five Dounds
since."
"Fifteen pounds, isn't it?" interrupted
•No; twenty -five pounds. You did not
weigh me since January 7, and I've gained
ten riounds since. 1 weighed 1M pounds
Saturday when I weighed myself."
Regarding his present condition Card
spoke like a man in the full enjoyment of
health.
"At the present time I feel better than
for the last year," he said. "I've been im
proving fast ever since taking the lymph
treatment, been gaining in weight and
strength; and my wind is a great deal bet
ter. I couched very bad when I came in
here, but don't cough hardly at all now—
at night tiir.e very seldom, and for the last
four or rive nights none at all. My appe
tite is as good as can be, and I feel I'm
atting well fast."
'What do you think of the treatment?"
'As long as I've improved under it I
give it credit for the good it has done. ' I
feel that if I'd been on the outside with
out this treatment I would not have im
proved that way. Before December I
could hardly get up or down stairs, my
breath was so short, but that doesn't
bother me much now. I'm beginning to
feel like work again.' 1
William Carr, another patient under Dr.
Hirschfelder's treatment of injections be
tween the shoulders, said ho had improved
steadily under it. He is 26 years of age.
a laborer, and was admitted to the hos
pital December 16. While the ravages of
the disease had progressed far in his case
he was by no means a promising subject,
presenting as he did to the doctor a con
stitution wrecked from the excessive use
of alcoholic iiquor; and besides consump
tion had taken a firm hold of him. De
cember 31 he was placed nnder tiie lymph
treatment and practically every day since
then he has been triven an injection. The
Kstorv he told of his case is as follows:
he first two injection? made me a
sick, but after that I did not notice
any bad effect from it. At first 1 did not
feel much improvement, but my cough
soon began to go away and that made me
feel easier.
"I gained two and a half pounds in
ei^ht days and began to feel better and to
have a better appetite. My color has im
proved since I took the injections, and I !
feel now that the treatment gives me cause |
to hore that I will get well. I sleep
soundly on account of not coughing, as I
used to do, and after so much sleep all
night I feel good and rested in the morn
injr, and that is different from how I felt
before taking the treatment."
William John Davis, 62 years of age
who entered the hospital October 21. 1895^
in a very bad condition, began to take the
lymph treatment November 4, and now he
is wildly enthusiastic over its effect upon
him.
"When 1 came in here on October 22."
said he, "it was to die; not to live. I bade
ray friends good-by forever. Two weeks
after I commenced to take the lymph
treatment and in two weeks more found
the benefit of it. lam fast getting better.
My cough has disappeared and I sleep
will at night. I did not weigh 100 pounds
before taking it. My weieht went up to
10"M, to 111^. and now my steady weight
is 110 pounds, a gain of ten pounds.
"The injection is so good 1 could not
help but compliment Dr. Hirschfelder for
the good it has done me."
A private patient of the physician who
has introduced the treatment has been re
ceiving injections of the lymph for nearly
two months, and says he feels new blood
in his veins already. He is J. D. Maddox
of Santa Rosa. A few months ngo Mr
Maddox learned that he was stricken with
i phthisis. A member of his family, who is
a physician, advised him to try the lymph
treatment, and he came to San Francisco
and took rooms at 619 Hyde street, where
he was seen yesterday.
Mr. Maddox, like the two young suffer
ers in the hospital, had much of the color
of health without the hectic glow. His
eye, too, as with the others, was almost
normal, and his manner and spirits be
i trayed a mind full of something more than
I hope— a belief that he wouid eventually
return to health and happiness through
the medium of this as yet practically un
known remedy.
"Had I any friend afflicted with con
sumption," he said, "I should must cer
tainly recommend this treatment. As for
| myself, I would not give it up now for any
I consideration on earth, it has Deen such a
wonderful success in my case. Mv brother,
a graduate of Cooper Medical College
told me I ought to try the treatment
which Dr. Hirschfelder was introducing,
and I took his advice. I came to town and
have visited the doctor's office daily to be
treated, and 1 am beginning to feel myself
improve day by day."
THE VETERAN FIREMEN.
Installation and Banquet of Those
"Who Ran With the Old Ma
chine.
The annual installation of officers, re
union and banquet of the Veteran Volun
teer Firemen's Association were held last
evening in Pioneer Hall on Fourth street.
Financial Sacretary .Fohlmann reported
that he had received from all sources dur
ing the year $2769, and that thirty-three
new membership accounts had been
opened. The financial condition is better
now than it ever has beer.
During the year there were six deaths of
members. The membership-roll shows at
present 296 names. The trustees' report
showed a balance in bank December 31,
1894, of $1932 57; dividend No. 11, $46 3o;
received from treasurer, $300; dividend
No. 12, $45 28; balance in bank December
31, 1895, 1232420.
The retiring president, J. H. Mahoney,
who has held the position for the past two
or three terms, congratulated the members
upon the healthy condition of the associa
tion and thanked them for their help and
support during his occupancy of the presi
dent's chair. Then he installed the fol
lowing newly elected officers:
President, J. S. Marshall ; first vice-president,
S. Bunner; second vice-president, George Car
lisle; third vice-president, William 11. Miller ;
financial secretary, G. Pohlmann; recording
secretary, William A. Scollay; treasurer, W.
Fahrenkrug; directors— W. Kautinger, John
Foley, Thomas Cornell, F. Terramorse and Ala
Harris; trustees — K.Harold, Fred A. Will and
Colonel H. J. Burns.
At the conclusion of the installation the
members and their families retired to the
banquet hall, where a splendid repast of
everything that could tempt the appetite
was spread. Over 200 people sat down to
the table. A string band waß in attend
ance. Speeches and toasts were made and
responded to by many of the banqueters.
At the conclusion Gus Pohlmann sang
that ever popular fireman's song, "We
Ran With the Old Machine," and the en
tire assemblage joined in the chorus.
Murder in the Second Degree.
The trial of William Sierp was concluded In
Judge Bah r's court last evening, and the case
was given to the jury. Sierp was charged with
murder lor -having killed Emanuel Marino
during a saloon row on October 12 last. The
row took place in the saloon which is in Hinck
ley alley, and the killing was done out in the
street. The jury last night brought in a ver
dict of murder in the second aegree with a
recommendation to mercy. He will be sen
tenced on Saturday.
B'NAI B'RITH HALL TO GO
It Is to Be Disposed of to Pro
vide for a More Suitable
Structure.
A Building to Cost Not Less Than
$150,000 to Be Constructed on Van
Ness Avenue.
At the session of the Grand Lodge of the
Independent Order of B'nai B'rith, Dis
trict No. 4, which begins on Sunday next,
two of the most important measures that
have ever come up for consideration before
that body will be decided.
One of these is the proposition for the
construction of a magnificent new build
ing on the lot at the corner of Fell street
and Van Ness avenue, owned by the B'nai
B'rith Endowment Association, and the
sale of the present site and building owned
by the B'nai B'rith Hall Association.
The lot of the Endowment Fund Asso
ciation has a frontage of 120 feet on Van
Ness avenue and 100 feet on Fell street,
and is valued at about $100,000. On this
it is proposed to erect a structure to cost
not less than $150,000. It is proposed to
make this building the home of the order
and to equip it with every modern appur
tenance that will make it attractive for the
older and the younger members, as well as
for the children of the members.
Among other features it is understood
that Grand President Abraham Jonas will
recommend that a lecture-room, a reading
ing-room and a gymnasium be made part
of the institution, the idea being to pat
tern it as much like the popular building
of the Y. M. C. A. as possible.
The prospective changes outlined have
been the subject of discussion in every
subordinate lodge connected with the Dis
trict Grand Lodge for some time past, and
the sentiment among the individual mem
bers is practically unanimous in favor of
the new enterprise. The delegates to the
Grand Lodge, who are all past presidents
of the subordinate lodges, have not been
specially instructed to vote in favor of the
new building, but, as expressed by Grand
Secretary .Levison, "They are all men of
intelligence, and they will vote for what
ever they think best."
B'nai B'rith Hall and its present site is
owned by a stock company known as the
B'nai B'rith Hall Association, the share
holders of which are members of the vari
ous subordinate lodges, the subordinate
lodges and the Grand Lodge. It is the
purpose of the Grand Lodge to buy up all
the shares of the individual members and
the subordinate lodges and then to sell
the site and structure and use the pro
ceeds in the construction of the proposed
new building. There is a standing
offer of |125,000 for the Eddy-street
property as it exists to-day, but it
is believed that by waiting a short time
they will be able to get probably some
thing in the neighborhood of $140,000.
And the only opposition to the general
scheme is on this point. Some of the
members are opposed to beginning opera
tions on the new structure Defore the old
one is disposed of, as they are opposed to
becoming seriously involved in debt.
The new structure will stand in the name
of the B'nai B'rith Endowment Fund As
sociation and will be devoted entirely to
the needs of the order.
Another proposition that is to receive
attention is that relating to monthly dues
or assessments. Under the present rules
every married man who becomes a mem
ber of the order is compelled to join the
endowment branch, which gives his widow
or heirs $2000 on his death and provides
a weekly benefit of trom $8 to $10 a week
daring the illness of the member. For these
privileges and benefits the monthly dues are
now $2 50 for all members alike, regardless
of age at the time of affiliation. This
amount has been found inadequate to
meet the needs of the order, and a new
feature is to be placed before the Grand
Lodge for its consideration, in which it is
proposed to fix th-e assessments of mem
bers according to their age on a graduated
scale, the older applicants paying the
higher assessments.
The election of officers will take place on
Tuesday next.
STEW TO-PAT.
PUT IT IllilFiCAlL"
That a vast amount of
the pain prevalent may
be prevented, and ALL
of it much relieved, by
the use of the
WONDERFUL NEW REMEDY
••••••••••• •••••JJJJiX
•*••••*•••• •••••••Jlii
********** •••**•£££*.
••••••••** ****Jsllii
**••*•••• **£•*♦£*.*.
IB*P* *$«*«
: ||*** MITCHELL'S ****&
*^ MAGIC **
*{%*« LOTION rfs&
♦♦♦******♦ *%****♦♦*
iiiiiSiiitL /£s****sss
JSSJJSSSU& AI«t«SS
¥**??Js***J*
CLEAN AND EASY TO USE.
CAN'T HURT A CHILD::::: !
Sore Throats, Burns and Neuralgia,
QUICKLY RELIEVED AND CURED.
SOLD BY DRUGGISTS, at 25c, 50c and $1.00
Be Sure and Read the Directions. "
Fill a small teacup with Lotion; when
half evaporated cover and keep for
JSXTISKNAI. USE. .When dry <. add
Lotion to cover the sediment and use
for Rheumatism, Neuralgia, Sprains, all
pains, and Sciatic or Asthmatic
i troubles.
PREPARING A MEMORIAL
The Sub ■ Committee Is Almost
Ready to Render a Final
Report.
FUNDING OPPONENTS HOPEFUL.
Important Information Regarding the
Fight in Washington Arriv
ing Daily.
From the number of letters received by
Mayor Sutro during the past two days re
lating to the fight which the Committee of
Fifty is making against the funding bill it
is evident that the big anti-funding con
vention held at Metropolitan Temple on
Saturday last nns had a strong effect on
the community and the State at large.
A majority of the communications are
commendatory of the efforts of the com
mittee, while others offer suggestions for
points that can be urged against the bill
when it comes up before Congress for de
bate.
Mayor Sutro is still possessed by a fear
that the railroad lobbyists will manage to
secure votes that would otherwise be
recorded against the bill, but feels that
the chances of defeating it were never
stronger than at the present time, when
the people appear to be taking a general
interest in the matter. Not a day passes
that the Senators and Representatives are
not bombarded with broadsides of Colton
letters, hints on how National lawmakers
are bribed or appeals for the welfare of
California. At the same time the news
bureau in the Montgomery block is keep
ing the committee's agents in Washington
apprised of every move of the railroad
magnates that comes to light on this coast,
and reports from the capital are received
daily.
The nature of these reports is as a
general thine kept secret, the committee
not desiring to allow the advocates of the
bill to know just how much information
they are possessed of. Some startling
facts have been learned, however, regard
ing the work of the railroad lobbyists, and
this information will be put to good use
when the debate is opened, if not before.
Some Congressmen will be surprised to
know how much their movements have
been watched.
The memorial whicb is to be forwarded
to Congress as the expression of the
people of California regarding the funding
bill is taking shape and will be made
public within a day or two.
The sub-committee on memorial, which
consists of Messrs. Sutro, Davie, Doyle,
Highton, Gibson, Caminetti and Estee
has held several meetings, exchanged
ideas, and is now working on the docu
ment daily. The plan pursued is to have
each member draft a memorial according
to his own ideas, and the document which
is to go on to Washington will be made up
from the best points of all these.
The members of the original committee
are much pleased over the action of the
Chamberof Commerce in passing the reso
lutions that were adopted by that body
yesterday. The assistance of an organizat
ion representing such a large element of
the commercial world as the chamber does
is expected to have a decided effect on
Congress. The resolutions will be sent on
to Washington in full.
For Government Ownership.
A mass-meeting of those in favor of Govern
ment ownership of railroads has been caTed
for to-morrow evening at Metropolitan Temple.
NEW TO-DAT.
fffipii
Winter
Clearance
Sale
BEFORE STOCK-TAKING.
GLOVES! -:- GLOVES!
Grand Special Sale.
GREAT BARGAINS
GLACE m SUEDE!
All Sizes. I AH Colors.
All Styles. I All Lengths.
WORTH
$2, $1.75, $1.50, $1.25 and $1,
TO CLOSE OUT
AT
A PAIR.
SE HABLA ESPANOL.
G. VERDIER & CO.,
SE. Cor. Geary and Grant Aye.
VILLE DE PARIS.
BRANCH HOUSE,
LOS ANGELES.MAY BUILD A
NEW BREWERY
Saloon War Against the
Brewery Pool of
This City.
ABOUT PROFIT ON BEER.
The Secretary of the Brewers'
Association Tells of the
Business.
ANNUAL OUTPUT OF THE STATE.
The Combine Will Not Reduce the
Price of the Malt Liquor It
Manufactures.
"The article published in The Call this
morning about our movement to fight the
brewers' combination," said Frank Marty
yesterday afternoon, ''drew a large num
ber of interested saloon-men to my place
to-day, and tliere is no doubt in my mind
that we will make a success of it.
i-"fore a week is over we will have
-:i signatures to the petition to make
a good showing.
"You say that the combination has
added another brewery to their list. Well,
that's all right That will not affect us,
fur we will get all the beer we need from
outside the City, and if we meet with
any opposition in that then wo have an
ther remedy. We will build another
brewery large enough to supply the de
mand. That is the least of our troubles.
It might delay our plans for a little time,
but that would not exceed two or thre?
months— just long enough to build our
cry.
"The brewers declare that they cannot
make beer for less than $4 a barrel.' 1 and
peaker smiled as he said this. '-Why.
it does not cost more than SI 50 to make
it. so you can see what profit there is in
the L nth the protit they make
ould certainly spend what they did
the counter, but n they have decided
upon "the course they have announced
they must abide !>y the consequences, for
we intend to carry "out our plan, and from
the support already promised 1 feel sure
that we shall succeed.
"I cannot at this timo say more abont
our plans than has already been published
in The Call. In the course of a few days
we shall be able to make a showing that
will astonish the brewers. They have
formed into a monopoly and we will try to
break it."
lolph Mohr. secretary of the Brewers'
iation, in conversation on
the subject of tne movement of which
Frank Marty is the acknowledged head
and front, said: "That will not amount
_. In talking to saloon-kei
and I have talked to a ureat many of them,
: that they are well satisfied with the
new arrangement, and they appro iate
that it is to their interest that it should be
as it is.
"The new schedule of rates does not in
crease the rates. On the contrary the
saloon men are gainers. I'nder the old rule
they were charged $5 r>o a barrel and the
uriver was allowed to treat to the extent, of
50 cents a barrel and the saloon man was
bound to treat in return. Now they get
the beer for $."> nei and do not have to treat,
so they are *in' tne amount it would cost
them in liquor or cijars.
"Beer cannot be furnished cheaper than
it is, for it costs a little over $4 a barrel to
maKe and deliver to the purchaser; and if
it were cheaper saloon men would use a
greater quantity, and by so doing would
furnish to tie prohibitionists and
the high - license people an excuse
for continuing tiie attack on the saloons.
They would have an opportunity to urge
that there was an increase in intoxication,
but that, I contend, would not be true, for
it is a well-known- fact that beer does not
contain more than 5 per cent of alcohol,
and for that reason is one of the most tem
perate drinks used.
•'ln is?.")," continued Mr. Mohr. "the out
put of beer in California was 300,000 barrels.
Sow it is 800.000, of which between s">o 000
and KOO.OOO are brewed in this City. In
tne ! ' beer-making there is used
yearly 1,000,000 centals of barley and grain
In the Bute, between 5000 and 6000 bales of
hops, weighing iijO pounds each, also
raided in this State; between 800 and 1000
hones are employed, and the kegs run up
into the millions. One thousand men are
employed in the business, whose wages in
Sate amount to $20,000 a week, "or
000 a year. Then there are coopers,
carpenters. bricklayers, foundrymen,
smiths, horseshoers and others who
make a living out of the business, and
everything used is Californian, except that
which cannot be procured here. This, of
. is exclusive of the bottled beer
brands, of which I have no statistics. The
money derived from the business is spent
in California.
•'The list of breweries published in The
Call this morning is not complete, for
since the circular was printed and sent out
one more, the St, Louis Brewery, has been
added, and you may say that all the brew
eries are with us.
"I have no means of knowing where
those who are interested in the movement
against us will obtain the supply they re
fer to, but they will not get it from Sacra
mento nor Han Jose. Vallejo at one time
shipped beer to this City, but does not do
so now and will not."
A prominent individual who has had
more or less to do with the English beer
syndicate said that those of the opposition
movement who assert that they want the
money to remain in this country probably
refer to the English syndicate. "If they
do," he added, "they are laboring under a
mistake, for the English syndicate has not
been sending any n.oney to England."
A LAWYER'S ERROR.
His Own Act Invited Irregularity and
Thus Secured Hin Client a
New Trial.
A new trial ha 3 been granted to E. G.
Hawley, alias Edward G. Hay wood, who
was convicted of burglary in the Superior
Court. The reversal was based on the ir
regular proceedings which were allowed
after the case went to the jury.
The jury had been out several hours,
when the members asked to be allowed to
address the court. They stated that no
agreement could be reached unless they
were allowed to view the premises where
the bur/lary took place. This the Jurjge
finally allowed after the earnest request of
tfendant and his counsel, and after a
motion to that effect by counsel for de-
It was then late in the evening,
igain upon motion of the defense
'he jury was allowed to separate until the
morn
I' 1 the morning, when the jury came
into court, defendant's counselrnoved for
■ dismissal of the charge on the ground
he proceedings were irregular and
amounted to at-, acquittal. The Judge be
i arue angry and refused then to allow the
juryti vi.-.v i he premises. He denied the
motion to discharge the Drisoner and or
dered the jury to retire. * A verdict for
conviction w;n rendered and an appeal
was taken, The prisoner has been granted
a new trial. Mr. Massey was the attorney
for the defendant and Mr. Tilden was of
counsel.
HOMING BIRDS RACE.
Heavy "Weather Delays the Winged
Travelers so That Another Trial
Must Be Made.
Owing to the bad weather none of the
homing pigeons liberated at Marysville
yesterday reached this City within the
time limit of twenty-five miles an hour.
Another race will therefore be run, proba
bly on Friday.
There are two prizes for the race. A
gold medal and $5 goes to the winner and
a silver medal to the bird that arrives
second. Five fanciers were to have flown
bints, but A. Carlisle and Otto Boyd lost
their biras in the training. The only ones
represented were Edward G. Koenig, 2925
Jackson street, six birds; T. W. Leydecker,
Alameda, three birds; G. T. Marsh,
Twelfth avenue and Clement street. City,
one him. The birds were liberated in
Marysville, at 11:08 o'clock yesterday
morning. As the weather was cloudy and
there was a strong south wind the birds
made slow progress. The course is about
100 miles, hence the flight had to be com
pleted by 3 o'clock in the afternoon to
score. No birds arrived within that time.
Up to 6 o'clock last night only one bird
had reached its Joft. Tins was "X 135," a
young bird belonging to Mr. Koenig. The
bird reached its home at;>:2s p. m. It is of
noted stock, its father having brought a
message from Portland, Or., to this City
after having been away from its cote for
two and a half years.
FORD HAS RECOVERED.
The Charge Against Him Dismissed for
Lack of Prosecution.
The case against John B. Ford, charged
with an assault to murder his wife, wa9
discharged by Judge Campbell yesterday
for lack of prosecution.
In November last Ford, blinded by jeal
ousy ami liquor, tired three shots at his
wife in the Rosedale House, 321 Ellia
street, each taking effect. She recovered
and was able to visit him at the City
Prison on December 27. Early next morn
ins Ford cut his throat with a rqzor, sev
ering the windpipe, and it was thought he
could not recover. Dr. Fitzeibbon took
particuiar interest in the case and under
his treatment and the careful nurs
ing of bis wife Ford was able to leave the
hospital yesterday afternoon. He was
taken to '.')7 Taylor street, where his wife
has been J • ing. Husband and wife are
now thor >ughly reconciled.
BALDWIN'S BIG MORTGAGE
A Concentration of Interests Was
the Only Object in Borrow
ing so Large a Sum.
California Should Be Advertised by
Large Property -Holders Im
proving Their Lands.
The heavy morteage effected by E. J.
Baldwin with the Hibernia Savings and
Loan Society, which appeared exclusively
in yesterday's Call, was not a renewal of
a mortgage nor was it an original one, but
rather a concentration of mortgages here
tofore held by individuals at various rates
of interest, covering various portions of
Baldwin's property. To bring his indebted
ness and liabilities into something of a
concentrated form he gave what may be
termed a "blanket" mortgage to the
Hibernia Bank, which will enable him to
pay off aii the other incuinbrances and
henceforth deal directly with one insti
tution.
Heretofore mortgages on portions of
Baldwin's property have been in various
hands. For instance on the annex, which
adjoins the hotel proper on the east side
there were two mortgages: one held by
Boyd & Davis for (250,000 and another by
Maurics Dore for $Su,oOo. This property
has only lately been purchased by Mr.
Baldwin and added to the hotel proper. In
another case his Santa Anita ranch con
sating of 2700 acres had a mortgage of
$100,000 hanging ov»r it. This was held by
another private individual and so on witFi
almost all of his real estate. It was to dis
pose of those mortgages that he covered
all iiis property with one mammoth indebt
edness at one fixed rate of interest.
This was the explanation given by
"Lucky" when spoken to yesterday by a
Call- reporter. And in addition to this
Mr. Baldwin became quite enthusiastic
over his enterprise in this City and State,
He said: "'I have made my money in
California and I have spent it in Cafifor
nia. I have not sought Europe for either
climate or society, nor for Dlue-blooded
associates.
"Tlie companionship of the honest, hard
working men is good enough for me. I
am one of them, and whatever money I
have made or property acauired came
from the soil of this State, consequently it
belongs here.
"1 am improving my property both in
this City and elsewhere. 1 am now build
in? a front 165 feet in length to my Lake
Tahoe house, and will have electric lights
all over the grounds about the buildings.
Again, I am spending quite a sum of
money in the basement of the hotel.
"This basement, besides the entire hotel,
will be lighted by electricity, which I will
supply myself, and in all I am giving em
ployment to hundreds of workmen.
'•The Santa Anita ranch will also come
in for its share of improvements this
spring. So long as I have money I will
keep spending it on improvements. It is
true, I am getting old and could afford to
take things easy, but this »s not my nature.
I must make myself useful while I am
here. I did not need to take such a big
mortgage as I have just taken on my
property, but I like to have plenty of
money to improve with. What other rich
men do with their wealth is none of my
business. I will keep mine circulating be
tween the people and the bank and vice
versa. This is the way, at least I think so,
of advertising the State. Improve it and
then the Eastern people will find out for
themselves whether it is a good place in
which to live or not."
KELLY IS IN LUCK
The Toung Window-Smasher Finds Two
Kind Friends.
Thomas Kelly, the young man who
smashed a window in Chinatown in order
to get into prison, where he could obtain
enough food to keep him from starv
ing, is in luck. Yesterday morninc
P. H. 0. Sandy, 410 Sansome street, and
Dr. Scnlesinger, McAllister street, called
at police headquarters and asked per
mission from Captain Healey to see Kelly.
They went to the prison and questioned
KelJy about his Philadelphia experience,
and his answers were satisfactory.
They then waited upon Judge Joachim
sen, and on their representations the
charge of malicious mischief was dis
missed. Dr. Schlesinger promised that
Kelly would have plenty to eat and drink,
and Sandy will give him employment.
This satisfactory outcome of Kelly's ex
perience may result In many more broken
windows In Chinatown, as the City is full
of deserving young people who are not
able to find employment by which they
can support themselves.
A Burglar Charged.
George Paul, alias Ueorge Miller, the amateur
burglar, who entered the residence of General
Dimond early Saturday morning, has been
identified as the man who forced an entrance
by the kitchen window into the residence of
Ernest DeniCke, Mason and Sacramento streets,
about two weeks ago. He was frightened away
before he had time to take anything, yester
day charges of burglary and having burglars'
tools in his possession were registered against
him at the City Prison.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 22, 1896.
TRUE BLUE WAS A STAYER.
Captured the Two-Year-Old Event
After a Long Delay at
the Post.
LIZZIE H FIRST AT 7 TO 1.
Colonel Weightman Performed Poorly.
Game Nephew Took the Mile
Run Easily.
Ten two-year-olds started in a three and
a half furlong dash at Inglesiie yesterday,
and they caused starter Caldwell a world
of trouble. Each rider evidently had or
ders to get away in front, for nearly an
hour and twenty minutes elapsed before
the starter could drop his bunting to any
thing like a fair line-up. Walter Hobart
had two grand-looking youngsters entered
in Investigator and The Sinner, the pair
ruling 7to 5 favorites in the ring. Gordon,
a black colt by Tremont, who finished
third one day last week, was second choice.
liOrd Chesterfield and Colonel Wheeler,
both racy-looking individuals, sported the
Burns & Waterhouse colors and com
manded third call in the betting, being
backed down from 7 to 4.
There was not much to the race when
they were finally sent away the first part
of the running but the Hobart pair and
Bergen ; the trio swinging into the stretch
clear of the others. Investigator, who
had been running in third position, now
passed bis stable mate and the Corrigan
entry and as the wire was neared, although
"THE CALL" RACING CHART.
Thirty-fifth Day of the Winter Meeting of the Pacific Coast Jockey Club. Weather Pine,
■Track Muddy. Ingleside Track, San Francisco, Tuesday, January 21, 1896.
rCTTU FIRST BACK— Five and a half furlong*; three-year ; olds"and~up; Belling; penalties; purse
ndex. | Horse, age, weight. I St. 14
f>4<i summertime, a... 87 9
652 ! Artist, 5 100 6
484 i Crawford, a 203 1
58!> CUude Hill, 3 88 10
78 Vcrairua. 3 98 2
n.-.:> Pecksniff, 6 114 4
565 Arctic, 5 110 11
49."> Oregon Kclipse, a. 107 3
516 Belleof 5t0nw11,4.107 6
M4O McKarlane,4 101 7
*ioo St. A I bans, a 104 8
*
*
btr.
Betting.
Op. CI.
6h
4 h
2 2
85
1 1
10 2
3h
93
11
1
3 2
1%
■ 6 3
4 h
72
10 10
9 3
5 1
8 2
11
2%
3 4
53*
%#
8
9
7
10
11
13 Garner
2 1/2 Doßgett.
31/2 Martin
410 Hewitt
9y 2 Cochran
6 3 Bergen
7 8 Bozeman
8 2 Shields
9 2 Chorn
10 8 E. Jones
11 Mcllugh
8-6 2
a 16-5
8 6
12 15
20 15
15 60
20 100
16-5 7-2
8 15
6 8
30 200
(ioort start. Won easily. Winner, El Prlmero stable's b. f., by
minutes. Time, l-.l'Ai.
*(>!<! Index.
At post 25
-/jq SECOND RACE-Three and a half furlongs:
purse f 400.
Index. I
Horse, weight.
| St.
Fin. j
Jockeys.
Betting.
Op. Cl.
True Rlue 107! 8 !
Invpsiigator 110 1
557 Bergen 105 8
The Sinner 107 4
557 Alma Dale 102 6
ot>7 Gordon 106 : 5
Ix»rd<hesterfleld.llO 2
Undendale 107 7
Colonel Wheeler. llo P
567 Red Panther 102 3 0
.......
64
2h
1 h
3 2
42
63
7
8
10
9
1 1 Cochran 6 12
2 3 Domett 8-5 7-5
3Ms Bergen 16 10
4 8 Pryce • *
6 3 K. Jones 16 60
66 Garner 6-2 13-5
710 Lamia 4 4
83 (Shields 10 15
910 Donnelly *• •*
10 ;Coady 20 60
......
j
::::::::1
Good start. Won cleverly. Winner, Laurelwood farm's eh. g., by Duke of N orfollt-Carmen. Time,
:17'^. At post 77 minutes.
with Investigator. *»Coupled with Lord Chesterfield.
r^f) THIRD RACK— Six furlongs; selling; three-year-olds; purse ?400.
Index.
Index.) Horse, weight. j St. Va
(544) Mzzle H 105 7
(534) Pique 105 5
547 Unity 107 8
(553) Hazard 112' 1
663 Don Tio Pico 110 3
I Carrie V 105 2
483 Minniell 107! 4
651 ;Mt. McGregor 1 1. i 10: 6
3h
|%
61
i?
7 1
2 3
1 1
4
6
7
5
a i
8
2h
1 1
23
4 3
6
31
6
8
7
'.' 4
3 1
43
5 10
61
7 3
8
Garner
U'oady
Cochran
U)oggett
Shields
K. Jones
j Chorn
i Donnelly
4 7
4 8
9-5 2
3 11*5
30 100
6 30
8 16
6 8
Good start. Won easily. Winner, D. A. Uonig's blk. f., by John Henry-Minnie Payne.
rri FOURTH RACE— One and an eighth miles, over hurdles; selling; four-year-olds and up-
«_) I X . ward; penalties; purse $400.
Index, j
560 i Three Forks, 5... 142 !
fibO Cicero, a 1461
(660) Silverado, a 146.
537 ( ol.Wei«htman,4l3s'
688 IZaraßOzu, 6 146
560 jAlexis. 5 146
.VJ.I t'apt. spencer, a.. 143
560 IGundaloupe, a....145|
| Horse, age, weight.
4 j
I
8
! 8 !
i Std.
j Btd. |V* % % Btr. ! Fin.
3 2 jl 3 11 10 10 118118
i2h 3 3 3 4 ;3 3 342 8
11 (2 4 23 24 2 1 81
7 V 6 h 4 2 4 5 'A 5 410 !
6 3 6 3 5 4 510" 5 20 520
14% 20 10 7lu 6 3 6 2
8 18 8 8 8 7 4
6% 4% 84 6 4 7 5 8-
Btr. ' Fin.
Henuessy
j J. Owens
jMcCullough
Mara j
jKevane !
KiiMliury
Kidd i
Ulggins I
Betting.
Op. VL
6-2 7-2
6 4
4 7
7-5 6-5
60 100
30 100
50 30
30 60
Good start. Won handily. Winner, Pacific stable's b. g., by Spokane-Trifle. Time, 2:121.4.
K 'JO FIFTH BACE— One mile; telling; four-year-olds and up; conditions: purse $400.
Index. ]
549 Nephew, 6 109 5
628 Moilleß, 4 991 8
56-_' Road Runner, 6.. 109! 1
541 Monita, 5 106' 4
516 G B Morris. 4 107 7
656 ilji.Fullrtn Jjiss, o.lo4 t>
662 IkeL, 4 104| 3
555 Monterey, 4 104 2
65(5 l'escador, a 112, left
Horse, kge, weight.
2» ,
7 6
8
6 V«
1 i/a
3 1/2
1 h
63
8
61
2 4
73
% Str.
3 3 iT~
2 2 Hi
Hi 22
4 1 II
6 1 7 10
7 6 6 3 j
6 4 5 V- !
8 8
jl li^'Doggett
\'l h Garuer
3 6 H. Martin
1 4 4 Chorn
5 li/ 2 !BtTß<>n
|6 15 snider
720 K. Jones
8 J. Walker
|C. Sloan
6-5
8
30
4
3-2
20
15
30
15
3-5
12
25
4
7-2
76
25
100
15
Good start. Won handily. Winner, G. Rose's eh. h., by Springbok-The Niece. Time, 1
"THE CALL" RACING GUIDE.
To-day's Entries at the Pacific Coast Jockey Club, Ingleside Track.
Jr. races where the horses have no record at the distance to be run the records at the next nearest
distance are given.
Abbreviations— F., fast; Fa., fair; H., heavy; tn., mile; f., furlong; *, about.
FIRST RACE— FIv« and a half furlongs; selling.
I Best
1 record.
Index.
Lbs:
:Tk.
I
546
546
547 !
566 !
(430)
I 661
500
I Miss Ross 91; 1:0214 5 f
Mainstay !lO8;l:133/i J6 f
Yemen 1106 1:02 5f
', Pat M urphy . ... 1 101 , f :18% i 6 f
'• Realization '■ 110 I :O7V a 1 BVi f
: Schnitz ' 108 . 1 :08 V a : 6Vfe f
shield Bearer... 102 1:013,^,6 f
; Salisbury II | 94 1:02 i6f
105 F...
11? X...,
109 H..
99 H..
107 F...
109:F..i
96 1F...'
95' F...J
W. K.Uriffin Ip.Rosslngton-VirginlaDare
, Klkton stable. limp. Manner-Queen Emma
11. Srhreiber ; Alarm-Hira
; A. B. spreckels Imp. Kyrle Daly-Maggie R
California stable. . . ' Regent-Sadie
JC. F. Handers jPanique-Illia
F. Phillips jimp. VVatcnor-Mamle Cole
, BtirnH&Waterhouse, Racine-imp. Flirt
D RACE— Five and a half
three-year-olds.
! Bent
Lbs record.
Index.
Name.
iTk.
Owner.
534 !
652
612
471
653
'"634
[ Globe 107 no rec.
Little Jlmmle..!ll2 no rec.
j Mr. Reel 114 no rec.
Harry 0 110 no rec.
Irene E 1 105 ; no rec.
Joe Terry 1112 no rec.
Afflatus 1105 no rec.
Mohave 1 10 ! no rec.
Ha7.pl Mack 105; no rec.
Aggrippina 106 no rec.
Fair Idle 10&jno rec.
Clara Wilson. ..1 110, no rec.
........ I
I
....
....
•"•-
-....'
....
B. Schrelber
E. corrigan
J. E. Kitten
F. O'Rourke
Z. Abrahams
W.'bV Randan.!..!!
A. P. Miller
W.b'B.Macdonghi
iwYison'&airiis!.'!!'.!
Imp. Keene-Plnkey
Longfellow-Kena B
Htrathmore-Matlam Reel
Imp. Trade Wind-Dolly S
El Rio Rey-Ogalena
Imp. Inverness-Affinity
Joe Hooker-Salone
"'2OB
!!!!
....
! Enterprise-China Rose
"'634
I Imp. Sir Modred-Bedotte
I
THIRD KACE— Two miles; selling.
; Beat
Lbs; record.
Dist.
Lbs Tk.j Owner.
86 H..JD. A. Honlg
........ 18. C. Hildreth....
112 F . . ; A. B. Spreckels. . .
94 F . . Wm. Stewart. . . .
102 H.. F.M.Taylor
88 F..IE. Tierney
95F..|Elkton stable
-
641 lJullaO 96^2:48 1% m
671 iCicero 108 i
559 Cadmus 104 l:4OVb 1 m
637 Adelante .101 1:44i/,i 1 m
562 ( arniel ;107 l:lHi/i: 6f
649 H Fi i 91 1:29% i 7f
660 JOC 1110 I:43V*! 1 m
Outcast-Malva R
Longfellow-Belle Knight
Flood-Imp. Cornelia
El Rio Rey-Ogalena
Duke of Norfolk-Carmen
Hidalgo-Veracity
Apache-Irene
FOURTH RACE— One mile; selling.
Lbs!
Best
record .
LbaJTlc. Owner.
106 11.. J. O. Brown* Co..
»9 Fa. h. Kzell
117 H.. <;. K. Smith
104 11.. if. Brown
107 H.. O. B. Morris&C'O..
1....1 H. Kowell
Pedigree.
661 Wyoming 87 1 :38 i/i ' 7 l/3 f
664 Dungarven 98 1:60 % 1 1-16 m
{530)iKd Kearney....! 110 1:461/4 lm
60VJ K. 11. Sherley .. 92 1:32i/ s |7 f
(561) Htrathmeath....;lll, 1:44 |1 m
661 I Ashland Kcllpsej 88i |
Hindoo-imp. Cajphurnla
Tom Ochlltree-Medusa
fionnle Brown-Dispatch
Strathmor.'-Fhvrof Meath
Ix»gic-Blue Stockings
FIFTH RACE— One mile; selling.
(570) Pique
668 IClaud Hill
655 Anindel
621 Levena C
(666)|Geo. Miller
566 j Handsome
(Fleet
629 |IdaH
663 Pollock
660 I Uncertainty
521 iMyron
(1 383) j Palomacito
658 Alvarado
6 67 Walter J
668 Pecksniff
Name.
■ re cord.
.1:12 5%f •
>\ :65iA4^f
1:01 &i
i iVisv* e"t""\
!; 1:131/3 Of
:!:::::::: ::::::::
! i':6hy 2 s']/a'f"
• l:09Va ! 6V2
I 1:46 1 m
>| :5614 4% f
y i
VBs Tk.
ioi ir..
106 F..
100 F...
lie f.'.
11l V..
I A. B. Spreckels
IJ. G. Brown <fc Co..
Laurelwood farm ..
J. Carrol
W. L. Htanfleld
E. Corrigan
B.Schrefber"'.'."!!
MoNaughtoii&Mulr
.1. Q. Brown <fe Co..
Ira Kamsdoll
Burns* Watorhouse
W. B. Sink Jr
iF. McDermott
Dr. J. M. Buckley..
Owner.
Flambeau-Imp. Petroleuse
rmp. JJecPiver-t'seful
Uuke of Jsorfolk-Kiaine
; Ansel-Miss (ioodrich
I.oftin-Kinma
Hanover-Imp. Cinderella
Pedigree.
1
1
........
Ben Ali-Hidnlga
Imp- Rosslngton-Majorle
Kmperor-tiuandary
lp. Midlothian-by Ot. Tom
stiriiiam-Paioma
Amlgo-.Snnta Margaretta
Imp. True Briton-Llllie S
! Ip.air Pickwtck-Henlopen
:::: ::::
112
102
99
91 P..
96 P..
91 11..
105 P..
...
SIXTH RACE- Seven furlongs: selling.
Index. ! Name.
658 Fortuna. '.....'.
562 Hidaga.......... I
6 steadfast I
F6B Arctic....:....
658 Daylight...
669 01ive....:.......
661 I Minnie Cee......
670 'Con P10P1c0....
Name.
I Best ~ j " ~
Lbs record. Dlst. Lbs | Tic. Owner. Pedigree.
''}?'* }'i OI 6 71/ » f IIU ».- Knclno stable ilmp. Brutus-Viola Rea
104^:30 7f 99 F..jß. Schrelber i Htdalgo-Cirariosa
!07! ! ..tj. Madison Sobrmite-Xarcola
107 1 1 :1S V4j *8 f 110; F... I Welcome stable. ... Rohson-Ureenleaf
*»9' j la. B. Hpreckels. | Coloma-Laura D
99 1:151/4 6f 99 X... E. Corrtgan : Apache-Virgle
10^1:801/4 lm 103H.. D. A. Honig Il'lenipo-Jaconet
89 1:02 V* Of 106l>\. J. Bobbins Joe Hooker-Countess Zeika
Pedigree.
tiring badly, looked a likely winner. Sud
denly a dangerous contender sprang up.
True" Blue, a 12 to 1 chance, had been
gamely striding toward the front from the
rear and a sixteenth from home challenged
the leader, who was unable to respond
and was cleverly beaten out by a length.
Bergen, who seems to be of the improving
kind, was a good third.
The attendance was quite up to the aver
age, and some lively speculating was in
dulged in. On account of the long delay
at the post in the two-year-ola event, the
management were compelled to postpone
the deciding of the last race on the card
until the day following.
The track, which is drying fast, was too
heavy for very fast time. Favorites cap
tured two events; a second choice and two
outsiders proving successful in the others.
A. five-and-a-half-furlong dash, with
eleven starters, opened the day's sport.
Summertime was made a 2 to 1 favorite,
and after getting away poorly, made a
great run around her field, and showed in
front as the stretch was reached. Gradu
ally drawing away, she won easily, four
lengths in front of Artist, the second
choice. Crawford was the show horse.
The black filly Lizzie H was overlooked
in the six-furlong run that was third on
the card, the crowd allowing hsr to run
unbacked at odds of 7 to 1. The bulk of
the coin went in on Hazard and Unity,
both closing in the betting at 11 to 5. Car
rie U set a merry clip to the far turn,
where she was passed by Mount McGregor
11, who led inio the stretch. Garner then
sent Lizzie H out, and she passed the wire
two lengths before Pique, who finished
strong under Coady's riding. Unity was
only a fair third.
Andy Blakeley's jumper, Colonel Weight
man, was plunged on to win the mile-and
a-sixtetmth hurdle affair, and made a very
poor showing. Three Forks was in front
the whole way, and, although stopping
badly at the end. won by three lengths
from the fast-coming Cicero. Silverado
was thin?, eight lengths away.
Bookmaker George Rose's Nephew, a
member in good standing of the magnifi
cent cripple division, took the last race of
the day, over a mile, starting an even
money "choice, backed down from 7 to 5.
Road Runner took the lead from Ike L
turning into the backstretch and showed
the way to the straight for the wire. Dos
gett then shook the favorite up, and he
came on and won easily by a length and a
half from Mollie R. Road Runner was
third, but a short head further off.
POPULAR LADIES' DAT.
The Gate at Picturesque Ingleside Free to
the Fair Sex To-Day.
This, the concluding day of the meeting
at Ingleside, will be Ladies' day, the gate
as usual being free to the members of the
fair sex.
The track will be in good condition and
the management have made a special
effort in arranging a racecard above the
average for excellence. An event out of
the ordinary groove and one that is bound
to excite great interest will be the two
mile contest. Stamina and staying quali
ties serve in good stead in a contest of
this sort, and with the game Cadmus,
Julia O, Cicero and J 0 C among the start
ers, a grand struggle may be looked for
ward to.
Professor Huber's band of soloists will
render some selections especially selected
for the occasion.
Track and Paddock Items.
Young Garner landed two winners yes
terday.
McFarlane, who was extensively backed
to win the opening event, was almost left
at the post.
True Blue, winner of the two-year-old
race, is a full brother to Carmcl.
The stewards have decided to decline the
entry of Pescador in future. The horse is
a notoriously bad actor and ofttimes the
chances of many a good horse are ruined
by the unruly one-eyed horse at the post.
For the first time at the meeting the
claiming clause, which permits of an
owner having an entry in a race claiming
any one of the other starters, regardless of
where the animal finishes, upon payment
of the entered selling price and hrst money
of the purse contributed for, was taken
advantage of yesterday. Unity, the chest
nut gelding by Kossington-lJnite, owned
by Louis Kzell, was entered in the third
race to be sold for $400. The horse fin
ished third, and was claimed by ''Tom"
Griffin, who started Carrie M in the race.
Owner Ezell received $72f> for his horse.
Griffin lost the stake horse Henry Young
out of a selling event in 1893.
FIREMAN'S FUND OFFICERS
Annual Election Reinstates the
Old Members to Control
for Another Year.
President Staples and Vice-President
Dutton Congratulated by Their
Numerous Friends.
The annual election of directors of the
Fireman's Fund Insurance Company was
held at the company's office, 4CI California
street, yesterday afternoon.
There was no infusion of new blood in
jected into the directorship. The same
officers who have managed the interest of
the company during the past year were
again intrusced with the responsibility for
1896. They are: D. J. Staples, John O.
Earl, John Barton, John H. Gardiner,
John T. Wright, Thomas S. Chard, W. H.
Brown, P. \V. Lougee, J. C. Coleman,
John BerminKhain and William J. Dutton,
These gentlemen will meet to-day and
elect the officers of the company, which
will be, if nothing unforeseen happens in
the meantime: President, J. D. Staples;
first vice-president, William J. Dutton;
second vice-president, B. Faymonville;
secretary, J. B. Levison; assistant secre
tary, Louis Weiman; treasurer, P. W.
Lougee; general manager, Stephen D.
Ives.
While the election of directors was being
held in the business office the private
room of President Staples was visited by
almost all the insurance men, as also quite
a number of the personal friends oi Mr.
Staples in the City, who Hocked in to con
gratulate him on his thirtieth anniversary
as president of the company. The popular
first vice-president, Mr. Dutton, who has
been connected with the company for
twenty-nine years — as secretary for twenty
five and in his present responsible posi
tion for the past four years — received his
share of the good wishes of his numerous
friends.
PARDINI FOUND GUILTY.
It Took the Jury Only Three Minutes
to Reach a Veritict in the
Case.
After tbree minutes' deliberation the
jury which has been trying the case of
Eugene Pardini upon a chai ge of felonious
assault, found him guilty. The principal
witness against him was Minnie Logan, a
little girl 12 years old.
Pardini was one of the North Beach
gang, whose doings created such a sensa
tion a few rnontns ago. Ratz, another of
the gang, will come up to-day, and Meyer
and Lane are awaiting trials.
May Hunt Fur Animals.
A circular was received by Collector of the
Port Wise yesterday from Secretary Cnrlislo
modifying the Treasury Department circular
of April 16 so far as to allow white men mar
ried to natives and engaged in otter hunting
in Alaska prior to March '2, ISO 3, to enjoy the
privileges of fur-animal hunting in that ter
ritory. The former circular excluded all white
men married to natives from this privilege.
NEW TO-DAT.
\ COLUMBIA {
HARTFORD
( BICYCLES. \
<> Columbia Models, 40, 41, 42, 44, \
} $100. {
\ Columbia, Model 48, Tandems, \
v. $150. i.
\ Hartford Bicycles^ $80, $6C, $50 \
C, ffff Responsible Agents wanted In f
i unoccupied territory.
< POPE MAMFACTIRING CO., •>
\ 344 Post St., S. F., Cal. X
THESUCCESS OF THE SEASON
THE LADIES' GRILL BOOM
OF THE
PALACE HOTEL
DIRECT ENTRANCE FROM MARKET ST.
orKS UNTIL MIDNIGHT.
■_.___-_- NEW TO-DAT— DRY GOODS.
MdSTt SOLD IMMEDIftto
DAMAGED BY WATER!
The following lines, although ONLY VERY SLIGHTLY DAM-
AGED BY WATER during the recent storm, must be closed out at
once, and are therefore placed on sale
At a Prodigious Sacrifice!
About 185 Pairs FINE WHITE BLANKETS,
' ! 130 Pieces CANTON FLANNEL,
250 Dozen TURKISH TOWELS
AND SOME ODDMENTS.
EMBROIDERIES! EMBROIDERIES!
At 1 Cent el Yard.
2500 yards HAMBURG EMBROIDERY, regular price sc, 6Kc and 7Mc, slightly dam-
aged, will be closed out at lc a yard.
At 5 Cents a Yard.
1200 yards HAMBURG AND NAINSOOK GUIPURE EMBROIDERY, regular price
10c, 12^c and 15c, slightly damaged, will be closed out at 5c a yard.
HANDKERCHIEFS ! HANDKERCHIEFS!
At 5 Cents Each.
300 dozen LADIES' HEMSTITCHED LINEN HANDKERCHIEFS, regular price
$1 50 a dozen, slightly damaged, will be closed out at 5c each.
LADIES' KNIT UNDERWEAR.
At 35 Cents.
32 dozen LADIES' JERSEY RIBBED WHITE WOOL DRAWERS, slightly damaged,
regular price $1,,wi1l be closed out at 35c a pair. °
CORSETS^ CORSETS !
At :& 1.00.
27 dozen LADIES' GENUINE FRENCH CORSETS, fine satean, long and medium
waist, firmly and closely boned, yenus back, in black, white, drab and cream,
broken sizes, regular price $2 50, will be closed out at $1 a pair.
MEN'S FURNISHINGS.
At 1 S Cents.
About 75 dozen EXTRA FINE CASHMERE MERINO SOCKS, full finished, with
double spliced heels and toes, slightly damaged, were 35c, will be closed out at 15c
a pair.
At 35 Cents.
55 dozen MEN'S OVERSHIRTS, made of heavy duck shirtings and tennis flannels,
slightly damaged, were 65c, will be closed out at 35c each.
At SO Cents.
45 dozen MEN'S HEAVY CAMEL'S HAIR UNDERSHIRTS AND DRAWERS,
slightly damaged, were $1, will be closed out at 50c each.
LADIES' CIRCULARS.
At 5O Cents.
LADIES' CIRCULARS, in stripes, value $1 50, will be closed out at 500 each.
At ® 1.00.
LA.DIES' CONNEMARAS, in cloth, in plaids and stripes, regular value $2, will be
closed put at $1 each. .
GLOVES GLOVES !
At SO Cents.
90 dozen 5-HOOK UNDRESSED KID GLOVES, in colors and black, regular value $1
will be closed out this day at 50c a pair. %r X c '
/g/B^^ MURPHY BUILDING, /
(/(/ Marmot Street corner of Jones, /
&A.TST FRA3WOII3CO.
/J» )THE v VCOT6t6jDb) 'Wli
S;|j|loNAStE^RNsi l ltjp.
E. C. STEARNS & CO.,
304-306 Post Street.
SEVAN, HOPKISS & CO., City Agents.
__JI is ..
THE gg
===ss^==a MOUNT
FOR : ~
71 -■ 96 .
THE WHITE RIMMED HUMMER IS THE COMER
• HOOKER & CO.
Retail Store-No. 1640 Market Street
Cyclery—Cor. Page and Stanyan Streets.
Wholesale Dep't— 16-78 Drumm Street, S. F.
COAST AGENTS FOR
I^#^ MANHOOD RESTORED^"
3f^— c <— J «# /-«» i ■liril«llWWl# IliaW I WlltUvitaliZHr.theprescrip-
Bfflf -"* (6» tlon of a famous French physician, will quickly cure yon of all ner-
\\\ s,\/\ r > '■■'■'■■ ~, \\ I' OUB or . dl8 <-aseB of the generative organ*, such as Lost Manhood,
>» LMSU ■' X* *£&&L I nsolnill av^ains In the Buck, Seminal Emissions, Nervous Debility!
I Jf*-^k T *&& Pimples, Unfltness to Marry, ExhausUngr Drains, Varicocele and
VT^ f V- ;-/. ■ Constipation. It stops all losses by day or night Prevents quick*
v «— ' DPS 3 of discharge, which if not checked leads to Spermatorrhoea and
BEFORE AND AFTER all the horrors of Impotency. <:UPII>EJ«E cleanses Uieliver, th«
I * . .r»w.^--» -' V Tv kidneys and the urinary organs of all Impurities. ■
■•» CtPIDENE strengthens and restores small weak organs.
...-. . The reason sufi.rors are not cured by Doctors is because ninety per cent are troubled with
ProitntitfM. COPIDENE is the only known remedy to cure without an operation. 5000 testimony
al.s. A written guarantee given and money returned if six boxes does not eilect a uerinaacnt
|1.00 a box, six for $5.00, by mail. Bend for free circular and testimonials.
Address DAVOL BIEDICINJK CO., 632 Market street, San Francisco, Cal. For Sale by ■
JUtOOKS' I'HAItM AC V, 119 Powell atreal
CLEARANCE SALE
roil the NEXT 60 DAYS
As I have ordered direct from /3&lr
the manufacturers a full and JBt
complete assortment of the la- 7*£f
test designs In Spring and SrM- J^:~7
mer Goods, I therefore offer 107 Jh/%.
entire stock of Woolkns now U<3ly^^\
on hand at Pricks never before JeWg"
offered In San Francisco. . ■BrwfffflM
GUARANTEED GENUINE A
ENGLISH CASSIMERE Rfi
PANTS TO ORDER : Bl^^y
FOEMERLT BEDT7CED TO
$10.00 $6.50 WlJi^
ALL WOOL SUITS - 1 Jn) ■
TO ORDER: BJfIi'q-
rOBMEELY BEDCCED TO Hj 1 IBnj
$25.00 $17.50 || %m\
AH other Garments Reduced "'^teXil'^tl
In like proportion. You will do " ' ■ &F^ ■^• -
well to avail yourself of this opportunity, and kltb
me a call before buying elsewhere.
. Respectfully yours,
JOE POHEIM, The Tailor
201 & 203 Montgomery St., cot. Bush,
724 Market St. and mo & 1112 Market St.
SAN FRANCISCO, CAl_
COAL! COAL !
1 Wellington.., $1000
Southfleld 9 60 ...
Genuine Coos Boy.. 7 00— Half torn . 3 SO
! Seattle... X 00— Half ton 400
Bryant b 00— Half too 400
Telephone— 3s.
KNICKERBOCKER COAL CO.,
522 Howard Street. Near Ftrgt.
RIGGS HOUSE,
T7\7"«,slxlx3.stoxi, U. O.
The Hotel "Par Excellence"
Of the JNaiioajU Capital. Fim class In all appoint*
menu. v DkWITT. Treaa.
American plan, $3 per day and
upward.
NOTARY PUBLIC.
fJHAHLEg B. PHILLU^S, ATTORNKT-A1
W ,* n<l Notar/ PnbUc, 63a Harketit, oppo.
910
REV. FATHER CARAHER'S STIRRING ADDRESS
Two Thousand Persons Are
Turned Away From
the Temple.
ON STANDING ROOM LEFT
Audience Carried Away by the
Eloquence of the Catholic
Divine.
OTHER CLERGY CRITICIZED.
Scathing Comments on the Division of
the Churches North and
South.
Metropolitan Temple was packed last
ni.cht.
Of the five or six thousand persons who
were desirous of attending the meeting
held under the auspices of the Young
THE REV. FATHER CARAHER.
[From a photograph.]
Men's Catholic Union, and listening to the 1
eloquent Father Caraber of San Jose, at j
least two thousand were disappointed.
The sidewalk in front of the temple was i
crowded with men, women and children at
7 o'clock, and after the doors were opened \
there was a continuous line, twenty I
abreast, struggling on the way up the i
broad stairway.
At 7:45 o'clock officers at the entrance
announced to the anxious and pressing
crowd that all the* seating and standing '
room was taken up. Even this was not
conclusive. The crowd pressed on, ap
parently determined to gain entrance at
any cost, but the doors were effectually
barred, and at least 2000 persons left the
building with great reluctance and disap- j
pointment. As it was, the auditorium and I
galleries were filled almost to suffocation. !
The stage was occupied by members of
the Young Men's Catholic Union, over
whose heads waved in graceful festoons
the National colors in flag and bunting.
After an organ voluntary J. H. Sullivan
of the Young Men's Catholic Union was
introduced as chairman of the meeting.
He made a few introductory remarks,
which were at once eloquent and pointed. !
He referred in sarcastic terms to the
patriotic speeches delivered from the plat
form on which* he stood by members of
the A. P. A.
"I believe," he said, "that it is the duty
of every earnest and honest Catholic
to resist the charges made by the
ranting orators of that aggregation known
as the A. P. A., and to show the people i
that on the head of loyalty and patriotism
we are equal with, if in fact not ahead of,
those who would seek to impugn our loy
alty to the Republic. There have r^en
utterances from this platform that no
honest Catholic should listen to or hear
repeated without burning indignation,
and as a representative of ' the union I
take great pleasure in thus publicly brand
ing such calumnious utterances as false
hoods." :-' -V:^
Fresh applause followed Chairman Sul
livan's short address and the audience j
seemed on the point of insisting for some
thing more of the same kind from the
same source.
T. J. Walsh sang a patriotic solo entitled
"The Sword of Hunker Hill" with good
effect, and the vast audience found a vent
for the pent-up enthusiasm engendered by
the chairman's address and the numerous '■
and apropos side remarks interpolated by !
the vociferous members of the audience. .
The Rev. Father Caraher, the speaker of
the evening, was then introduced, the I
words of the chairman being drowned in
the tumultuous applause. He said:
Mr. Chairman, Ladies and Gentlemen:
As already announced, the subject of this
address is "Calumnies Against Catholics."
For well nigh two years San Francisco and j
several cities and towns of this State {
have frequently witnessed outbursts of
religious bigotry. - Sunday after 'Sunday
during a portion' of that ' time from this
platform upon which I am now standing, the j
most unchristian and infamous attack.- have
been made upon Catholics and everything
they hold sacred and in veneration. Every
foul calumny against Catholics that has ever
existed or that could be invented has been
hurled against us in this temple and circu
lated afterward in the public press.
The forbearance of our people under such
strong provocation has been really wonderful,
! considering their numbers and strength, and
considering also the fact that they have been
i attacked at their own doors ana in a city that
has been founded and, in a preat measure,
• brought to its present state by Caihnlics.
Among the most ribald and rabia of the
speakers have been men professing to be minis
sters of the gospel, but the gospel which they
preach is not thatof brotherly love and Chris
tian forbearance; on the contrary, it is the
gospel of hate and dissension. If we ex
cept a court-martialed and disgraced general
who strutted upon vhis platform a few mouths
aeo, our detainers have been chiefly
uimaturalized foreign ministers or min
isters who have been given an in
definite leave of absence by their
congregations in Kentucky and elsewhere, on
account of the ir crimes and scandals, nn occa
sional pettifogging lawyer has appeared upon
the scene and screeched against ••Romanism."
but he has always proved himself to be a liar,
instead of a lawyer.
Oi the audience that throngs this temple on
Sundays, many come through idle curiosity to
listen to the rant and ravings of political buf
foons, while others come to have their morbid,
unchristian feelings gratified by listening to*
attacks on "Popes" and "Popery."'
In taking up the daily papers two items of
news are now sure to strike the eye of the
reader. One relates to the brutal atrocities
committed by the Turks and Kurds upon
Christiana in Armenia; the other relates to the
savnge onslaughts made by the A. P. A. Kurds
upon the Catholics. It is cheering, however,
to know that our enemies are being routed,
horse, foot and dragoons, in the Eastern States,
and before many months shall have passed
they will meet on this coast with a crushing
York town.
In exposing to-night some of the vile calum
nies that have been hurled against Catholic
Irish 1 give no offense to fair-minded Protes
tants and non-Catholics, and should I utter a
single offensive expression I recall it here now.
I regret deeply that the demon of religious dis
cord should have been let loose upon this once
peaceable City, but all can easily see that he
I has not been loosed by Catholics, and that they
j are now driving him back to his dark, loath
j some dungeon.
Calumnies against the nuns or sisters— From
the first appearance of our enemies until this
| moment they have been heaping calumnies
j upon the heads of the nuns or sisters of the
j Catholic church. The latest calumny that I
, have seen against the sisters comes from the
poisonous pen of the Rev. or rather Irrev.
j Bowman, who writes that the offices in
j Washington are overrun by begging
i nuns, who extort money trom the employes.
Most of the calumnies, however, are so grossly
I obscure, so shocking to -the moral sense, that
I they could only be repeated by a Henry or a
Hubbell, a Bowman or a Brown. But we must
remember that this war upon the sisters is not
made on' account of their religion, for the
A. P. A. 's respect every form of religion, par
ticularly the Catholic. It is waged against
them on account of their interference in politics
and their voting at elections at the dictation
of the Pope. I teel, ladies and gentlemen, that
I should make a public defense, feeble though
it be, of a class of Catholics who cannot de
fend themselves. There are no more defense
less persons in creation than those nuns or
sisters. They can use neither voice nor pen,
hand nor loot in their defense, and the ruffian
that would assail their virtue, whether he be a
.minister or a layman, should have the flesh
torn oft" his filthy carcass by the cat-o'-nine
tails. Catholic sisters are respected on account
of their purity and self-sacrifice by the Turks,
the Arabs, the Hindoos and the pagans of
every nation, and are only defamed by your
spurious A. P. A.'s. Our sisters are not only the
I purest women that walk the earth to-day, but
| among the greatest benefactors -of society.
j Their schools and academies are not only seats
of learning, but also nurseries of virtue, whore
many of our best non-Catholic ladies have re
ceived their mental and moral training.
They take the place of mothers toward
orphans and waifs of society, and
clothe, feed and educate them with trifling
expense to the • State. They receive with
open arms tbe exposed, famishing foundling
: and warm it into life with a mother's tender
: care. These sisters so foully defamed by the
A.' P. A. scum, by ruffianly Orangemen and
I beetle-browed Scandinavian" Mormaus, devote
their lives in hospitals, pesthouses, tents and
quarantines, to the sick ana suffering, the
plague-stricken and incurable, and many of
them perish at their posts of duty.
When this Nation was divided into two hos
-1 tile camps, and its lifeblood was flowing like
water, our sisters were to bo found upon the
battlefield binding up the bleeding wounds of
the. soldier and cooling his parched, feverish
lips with water, amid • the bursting of
shells and the whizzing of bullets. With
: the sound of the tocsin of war was heard
| the call, not for Protestant, nurses,
hut for Catholic sisters, who went forth
: to face the danger as intrepidly as any gen
. eral, and not only did they sweeten tne last
moments of thousands who are now in eter
nity, but they saved the lives of thou
, sands who are living to-day. Listen to
! the testimony of the poet-scout Captain Jack
| Crawford: "On all God's green and
beautiful earth there are -no purer,
!no nobler, no more kind-hearted , and
j self-sacrificing women than those ' who
! wear the somber garb of the Catholic
sisters. During the war I, had many oppor
tunities for observing them. While convales
| cinq at the Latterlee Hospital, Pa., having
' been seriously wounded at Spottsylvania, Sis-
I ter Valencia taught me to read and write, and
to her I owe the • foundation on which I have
i built the education I now possess." I am
I not a Catholic, but I '" stand ready
at ■ any and all 'times to defend
! these noble women, even with my life, for I
j owe that life to them." If there be in this
vast assemblage to-night any of the war vet
; erans that followed either the Federal or Con
federate standard they can testify to the hero
j ism and sell-sacrifice bf our sisters during the
! war; and appealing now to the manhood and
chivalry of those veterans I ask them if they
: will stand by In the future as they have done
j in the past with folded arms and muzzled
i mouths whilst the stainless character of the
I sisters is attacked by moral assassins. ; ; .
! Calumnies against priest, sisters and nuns—
The first to bear the brunt of calumny in the
i present unholy war are the Catholic priests.
! They are charged with undue interference in
I pontics, with being traitors to our republican
j form of government and with every villainy
I imaginable. • ■■-•-
I Who are they who charge priests with undue
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 22, 1896.
influence in politics? They are men and min
isters belonging to those sects whose preachers
have always been notorious with their
meddling in politics, and who have always
been the worst types of political demagogues.
For years the timbers of this temple rang
every Saturday evening with the political
harangues of a Baptist minister, who gener
ally made Catholics his targets, with the Pope
in the center. But when that minister was
shot down upon the public street and when a
calamity greater than that which crushed the
house of Atrena fell upon himself and his fam
ily, he found that Catnolics were his best
friends and ever afterward he had only praise
to bestow upon them and their spiritual head
in Rome.
In the election campaign of 1875 a Methodist
minister, now a Bishop, was a party candidate
for Superintendent of Schools of' California
and was frequently to be seen in the thick of
battle fighting for the spoils of office, and now
his brother ministers are screechinsr like
night owls against trie imaginary interfering
of priests in politics.
But let us go Eastward for a moment. Toward
the end of the Presidential campaign of 1884
our calumniators were guilty of a political
crime in the city of New York that should seal
their lips forever. The majority of the voter?
of this Republic had made up their minds to
vote for Maine's favorite son, for "the invinci
ble Rupert of debate, the whit.e-plumed warrior
of Navarre," Jnmes G. Blame. Irishmen had left
the Democratic ranks as they Ehould have
done and vowed that they would vote for the
man who had roasted Salisbury in his burn
ing speeches and who had fearlessly lilted up
his voice in behalf of downtrodden Ireland.
The great statesman had his hand almost upon
the Presidential prize when a band of big
oted parsons, who must have come up from
the darkest corners of Dante's inforno, inter
vened and complimented him upon his nn
comnromising hostility to "Rum, Romanism
and Rebellion."
The telegraph wires were redhot with these
words before they were cold upon the lips of
Parson Burchard, and on election dRy the sun
set upon the slaughter at the polls of "the most
typical American statesman that the republic
lm-i produced since the days of Abraham Lin
coln.
Some of these exponents of liberal Christian
ity, albeit Protestantism, who would heap cal
umny upon the head of the Catholic church
are held up to public view with a glory shin
ine upon them, such as the person the Rev.
Brown. Revs. Case and Bovard are also ex
tremists in matters Qf Protestantism in its ref
erence to the Catholic church and the hierar
chy. As representatives of Methodistism the
last two divines mentioned are specimens of
their class— narrow and bigoted. Methodist
ism has ever r>een uncharitable.
Without a falVen Martin Luther in Germany
you would not have a Rev. Father Waugh to
cackle prayers here on Sunday afternoons, nor
a Quitzow to preside. And without a fallen
John Knox in Scotland you might not have a
Rev. Mr. Uibvonor a Ross; and oh, what a loss!
When, therefore, ourenemies make onslaughts
on fallen priests they are violating the fourth
commandment, which obliges them to honor
and respect their parents.
B|The Methodists accuse the Catholics of being
disloyal to the Union. Every one knows that
the late schism between the North and South
caused a split in the church. What of that
kind of Christianity? No more loyal sub
jects in the Union were enlisted' in the
army of the North than those who were repre
sentatives of the Catholic faith.
But such men as the Rev. Brown represent
the element in the Protestant church which is
antagonistic to Catholicism. May we hope
that this is not the pure element of Protestant
ism.
And new, O glorious Republic! O Catholic
Columbia! I salute thee to-night, and with
ten millions of my co-religionists I offer thee
my homage an:l renew to thee my vow of un
swerving fidelity. Thy form is f'nirer in my
eyes than any form that ever rose up be
fore the vision of painter or of
sculptor. May thy sacred soil never
be polluted by the foot of any tyrant, may
thy liberty, civil and religious, never suffer
the least diminution and mayest thou always
be as free as the wind that sweeps over thy
boundless prairies. May all bigotry be stifled
■within thy borders and be succeeded by char
ity and brotherhood. May thy children in
crease not only in numbers, but aiso in virtue,
intelligence and patriotism. May new stars
continue to appear upon the firmanent of thy
flag and may thy flag, the emblem of liberty,
ever float over a Tirtuous and united and pa
triotic peode!
COMPETITION BY WATER.
It Plays an Important Part in
the Commerce of San
Francisco.
Traffic Manager Curtis Preparing a
Table of Rates to Oregon and
Washington.
No means that will aid San Francisco in
maintaining her position as tho metrop
olis of the Pacific Coast is being neglected
by Traffic Manager W. B, Curtis of the
Traffic Association.
As an outcome of the present deter
mined three-cornered rate war between
the Southern Pacific Company, the Ore
gon Railway and Navigation Company
and the North Pacific Steamship Com
pany the rales by water to Portland have
been forced down to $1 a ton, and under
these conditions a favorable opportunity
exists for San Francisco to compete with
Portland for the trade of Eastern Oregon,
Eastern Washington and other sections
that are ordinarily tributary to Portland.
It is also claimed by Mr. Curtis that San
Francisco would be able to secure a larger
portion of the trade of the southern part
of Oregon as against Portland were it not
for the position taken by the Oregon Rail
way and Navigation Company, whose pol
icy is and has been, so it is claimed by Mr.
Curtis, to build up Portland at the ex
pense of San Francisco. This it accom
plishes, it is asserted, in two ways. The
first and most important is> by entering
into an agreement with the Northern Pa
cific Railroad Company by which rates are
niade from $3 to $9 per* ton higher to points
in Eastern Oregon ana Eastern Washing
ton from San Francisco than they are to
the same points from Portland. This
naturally gives Portland a considerable
advantage over San Francisco in securing
the business of the sections named.
Another way In which the Oregon Rail
way and Navigation Company assists the
Portland merchant to The detriment of
the merchant of San Francisco is by mak
ing a $1 per ton rate from Portland to
Coos Bay instead of maintaining the reg
ular rate of $3 per ton.
The North Pacific Steamship Company
has two steamers— the Empire • and the
Alice Blanchard— plying between
here and Portland via Yaquina and Coos
bays, and they are carrying freight north
bound to Portland for $1 a ton. maintain
ing, however, the regular rate of $3 a ton
from Portland to Coos Cay.
Recently the Oregon Railway and Navi
gation v Company put ion the steam
schooner South Coast, it is claimed to
drive the Empire and the Alice Blanchard
from this route.
In view of these facts the Traffic Asso
ciation is preparing a table of compara
tive rates from San Francisco to the inte
rior points of Oregon and Washington to
show the merchants of San Francisco the
advantages of shipping to those points via
Portland on the steamers of the North
Pacific Steamship Company. The local
merchants, in the circular to be sent out
from the office of the Traffic Association,
will be urged to patronize the North
Pacific Steamship Company for two im
portant reasons. It will he" claimed that
this company is a local organization and
working directly and continuously in the
interests of San Francisco, and that
by supporting it the merchants will
at the same time be cultivating
an influence that will effectually
prevent a restoration of the high rates
that previously prevailed to Portland from
this City, and which acted as an effective
bar to the trade of the Northwest. It will
not be long, it is expected, before the
Southern Pacific Company and the Oregon
Railway and Navigation Company will
patch un the differences that now exist be
tween them, and which brought on the
present bitter rate war. When they do, it
is claimed they will endeavor to put all
rates back to where they were before tiie
fight began. But with the existence of a
competing water route, such as that now
being operated by the North Pacific Steam
ship Company, this will prove an impossi
bility.
The steamer Empire leaves to-day for
the north, and will be followed six days
later by the Alice Blanchard. They will
then alternate every six days.
THE COUNT CAPDEVILLA.
A Nobleman of Barcelona Who
Thinks Cubans Will Be
Defeated.
OWNS RICH TOBACCO LANDS.
He Says Seven-Tenths of the Insur
gents Are Negroes and That They
Can Never Win.
Among the arrivals at the Occidental is
the Count Salvador Capdevilla de Puigr y
Perella of Barcelona, Spain, who has re
cently been for some time in Havana.
The Count is among the most conspic
uous of the Spanish nobility. His family
is well on to 1000 years old, and the ruined
castles of the Capdevillas antedating him
are scattered from Seville to Salamanca.
The brother of the Count is the Count
Gines Capdevilla, oue of the foremost art
ists of Spain.
The Count Salvador is a very handsome
man, who has not yet reached 30 years.
His face shows the pure Castilian blood
and his bushy black hair and dark eyes
tell of life for many generations under
semi-tropical suns.
For over 100 years his family has owned
tobacco plantations in Cuba, and he nas
been there in connection with their inter
ests. The Count is a warm advocate of
the cause of Spain in the war with the in
surgents of the Pearl of the Antilles, and
he :>ays he is convinced that Spain will
eventually win.
The cause of the war, he thinks, is mis
understood in this country. Seven-tenths
of the insurrectionists are negroes, so he
says, and should they be successful they
would soon repudiate the whole Cuban
rule, and revolution would follow revolu
tion.
"I am a liberal Spaniard." said the no
bleman, "but I cannot think that the
Cubans are yet prepared for self-povern
ment. It is almost 400 years now since
The Count Salvador Capd. villa de Puig y I erella of Sp?la, Who Is Now Hero.
[From a photograph.}
Cuba was colonized by Spain. As the
aborigines gradually tended toward ex
tinction the importation of slaves began.
"From 1820 to 1840 over 13,000 were
brought from Africa and landed there.
Shortly afterward the slave trade was sup
pressed, but it soon revived again.
"The negroes soon outnumbered the
Spanisli residents and soldiers, and rose in
revolt. They were soon subdued, how
ever. Then followed the bloody insurrec-
tion of 1848. in which 10,000 negroes were
killed. Colonel Narciso Lopez then nn
successfully attempted to revolutionize
Cuba. After this followed many filibus
tering expeditions. Finally the republic
of Cuba was proclaimed, with freedom to
the slaves, and Cespedes was elected Presi
dent. Well, war followed, which was kept
up for ten years, and it was a bitter and
relentless war, too.
"It is the descendants of these people
who fought the Spanish in those times
that are now fighting against Spanish rule,
or, as they put it, to throw off the Span
ish yoke. I think a great deal of some of
these men, particularly the whites of
Cuban blood, but they are so far in the
minority that, in my opinion, they. cannot
succeed. *
'•It is a good thing to my mind that it is
so, for if the insurgents could win the
raising of crops would be neglected and
Cuba be overrun with pauperism. Besides
this an element of discord would be found
in the sons of slaves who have been educa
ted abroad.
"There are many of these in Havana,
and in the event of the independence of
Cuba they would demand the offices. This
the rank and file of the negroes would
com hat, for they have no love for the edu
cated neeroes.
"As it is, the lands and wealth of the
islands are in the hands of the Spaniards
almost entirely, [f every few years the
plantations, stores and homes of the Span
ish are to be desolated, it would be better
to turn them all over and give up the con
test. Still the Spaniards will never do it.
When the sreat Emilo Castelar said 'Cuba
now for Spain, and always for Spain,' he
voiced the sentiment that lives strongly in
every Spaniard's heart.
"Spain has Christ anized and civilized
Cuba. Mhall she give up ttie country
now? Captsin - General Campo3 would
hay« won a signal victory over ihe insur
gents ere this were it not" that the officers
under him have been dissatisfied with his
humane policy.
"From late advices which I have re
ceived from Spain I learn that the dissatis
fied officers are soon to be satisfied. Prime
Minister Canovas Castillo has decided to
order a more vigorous mode of warfare.
_ "This simply means a war of extermina
tion. The results will be terrible, but
with the insurrection ended Spain will
again set to work to rehabilitate and re
build her desolated possession."
The Count Capdevilla spent some time
at Cripple CreeK on his way here. He
does not think much of the hurly buriy of
the excitement t:iere.
"Men are coming in from all directions
with blankets on their backs," lie said,
"and throngs of them have no place to
sleep except out in the cold and snow.
Their wives and children are waiting for
them to build homes there, but in many
cases the men fall into bad habits, includ
ing drinking, and they are worse off than
at the beginning.
"Some of them expected, apparently,
to find lumps of gold in the street. Tbey
won't get any. There are stumps, stones
and snowbanks everywhere in the camp
and surrounding it. "it is not an alluring
place. I have Jetters from some of my
friends in Spain about it. I shall not
urge any of them to go there."
By a singular circumstance, the Count
accidentally met Raymon Banana, the
California-street millionaire, yesterday.
The former is a native of Barcelona, and
fifty years ago came to California as a
priest. During the' gold excitement he
left the church and took advantage of h;s
opportunities to make a fortune.
He was an intimate friend of some of
the members of tne Count's family, and
was overjoyed to meet the Count.
The latter will be here for several days
at least. He went from Cripple Creek to
the Northwest and has only "just arrived
here. The Count is a great reader, taking
particular interest in the poetry of differnt
nations. He is also greatly interestede in
pictures.
ONE DEPOSITOR HAPPY.
Pacific Bank Directors Must
Pay Matthew McGowan
in Full.
The Judgment of the Lower Court for
$25,577 71 Affirmed by the
Supreme Court.
The directors of the Pacific Bank must
pay to Matthew McGowan $25,577 71, the
amount of a judgment awarded him by
the Superior Court in his suit against the
directors of the Pacific Bank to recover
the amount of a deposit.
He sued the directors each for his pro
portion of the amount. In answer it was
contended that by the terms under which
the Pacific Accumulation Loan Company,
the predecessor of the Pacific Bank, was
organized the stockholders were expressly
exempted from liability, and, further, that
as the Pacific Bank never elected to con
tinue its existence under the provisions of
the Civil Code the corporation was not
affected by the provisions of the code in
regard to corporations, and hence no lia
bility could be imposed on the bank di
rectors.
The act which the directors relied on
was that of April 11, 1882. This act in
section 27 announces that "corporations
formed under this act, and the members
and stockholders thereof, shall not be sub
ject to the conditions and liabilities con
tained in, and shall be exempt from the
operation of, an act concerning corpora
tions, passed April 22, 18.30."
If this section is intended to declare that
the stockholders of a corporation formed
under the provisions of the act should not
be individually and personally liable for
any portion of its debts and liabilities,
then, the Supreme Court says, it was in
plain conflict with section 36 of article IV
of the constitution of 1849, which says that
"each stock holder of a corporation or joint
stock association shall be individually and
personally liable for his proportion of all
its debts and liabilities."
It was further claimed under this con
struction that if part of the act was uncon
stitutional, the whole must necessarily be
so, but the Supreme Court holds that this
does not follow. It had already been de
cided that if some provisions of a bill are
unconstitutional they will not vitiate
the remainder of the act unless the ob
noxious provisions contain the elements
of the act itself. It was also urged that
the Legislature had no power to change
the liability of stockholders under the
provision of the Federal constitution
which prohibits the States from passing
laws impairing the obligations of con
tracts; but the Supreme Court answers
this contention by quoting the constitu
tion of 1840, where it says: "Corporations
may be formed by general laws, but shall
not be created by special act except for
municipal purposes. All general lawsand
special acts passed pursuant to this sec
tion may be altered from time to time or
repealed."
Under this authority, it is held, the
Legislature had the power to change the
law in regard to the liabilities of stock
holders without violating any provisions
of the Federal constitution.
It was also contended that the Pacific
Bank was originally organized as a savings
bank, and that the stockholders of such a
bank cannot be held liable for its debts.
But the Supreme Court snys that by the
Dronsions of the constitution of 1849 all
stockholders of all corporations were
made liable, without regard to the charac
ter of the business transacted. Besides, it
was shown that the bunk was receiving de
posits and was doing a general banking
business, ana it was further shown that
since 1856 the bank has been advertising
Itself as a commercial bank.
D*ath of Bretrer Dodger.
NEW YORK, N. V., Jan. 21.— Jacob
Doelger, the well-known brewer, died this
morning from heart and kidney diseases.
INTERIOR PLANS READY
The New City Hall Dome Is
Now in a Fair Way to
Be Completed.
RESULT OF MR. SHEA'S WORK
Marble and Ornamental Glass to Cut
an Important Figure in the
Calculations.
Architect Frank Shea of the City Hall
has completed his general plans for the
interior of the dome and the result of his
labors was presented to the City Hall Com
missioners at their meeting yesterday.
Mr. Shea explained that his object had
been to make the rotunda an inviting
main entrance to the hall and that in pur
suance of this plan he had chosen materials
for the finishing and embellishment of
this portion of the tower that are noted
for their durability and beauty. He stated
that the finishing of the rotunda includes
the placing of the floors in all the galleries,
the setting of the first-story pavement, the
finishing and ornamentation of all the
colonnades, cornices and railings and the
covering of the entire wal! surfaces and
the inclosing of the rotunda with an in
terior dome of glass, rising from the tops
of the interior columns now in place.
One of the main features, he said, would
be the great staircase that would afford
acce ss to all p rt'ons of the building from
the most central point. The circular bal
ustrades, cornices and staircase railings
are to be of wrought and cast iron and the
pavement and wainscoting to a height of
fifteen feet are to be of marble.
The frame for the interior dome will be
a light steel structure and the glass used
will be of the ornamental kind. Mr.
Shea's report concludes as follows:
" I would respectfully recommend as
the only proper course that the general
scheme of decoration for the rotunda as
outlined be approved, to the end that the
space, situated as it is beneath a dome of
greater height than any similar structure
in the country, may present when com
plete such an apnearance as to appeal to
the best taste arid win the approval of the
people."
Mayor Sutro seemed afraid that there
was not enough money in the funds set
aside for the hall to finish the dome on the
plans outlined by Mr. Shea. On beins in
formed that there was abundant money
available to do the work he expressed him
self as mucn pleased with the plans with
the exception of one or two minor details.
He believed that while Architect Shea's
design for the Mosaic floor was very pretty
the Mosaic workers should be allowed to
present their own designs. He also feared
that the marble jvainscoting would be too
expensive.
Attorney Creswell overcame this objec
tion by stating that he understood that
several marble dealers were willing to fur
nish the material at the cost of dress
ing it.
Auditor Broderick was opposed to the
plans on the ground that they were too
elaborate and not in keeping with the or
namentation of the remainder of the build
ing.
" By making the dome bo costly and ar
tistic," he said, " the contrast with the re
mainder of the buildinc will be too great.
It will remind us of a man with a plug hat
and ragged clothes."
After some discussion and some minor
changes, the plans were ordered placed on
file, and Architect Shea was instructed to
receive plans and jpecifications for the
completion of the work.
As the contractors for the exterior of the
dome have been notified that no further
extension of time will be granted them,
the entire structure is in a fair way to be
completed in the near future.
TWO GOVERXOHS ISA. UG XjRATET>.
One in »ip Jersey and the Other in
Mi.iitinaippi.
TRENTON, N. J., Jan. 21.— John W.
Griggs of Paterson. the first Republican
elected to the office in this State in thirty
years, was inaugurated Governor of New
Jersey at noon to-day. The inaugural ex
ercises took place in Taylor's Opera-house
in the presence of an immense throng of
spectators. \
JACKSON, Miss., Jan. 21.— Ten thousand
people to-day witnessed the inauguration
of Governor McLaurin. Twenty-two com
panies of the Mississippi National Guard
were in the parade.
Flow of the Gold. Reserve.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 21.— The
treasury gold reserve at the close of busi
ness to-day stood at $50,790,129. The with
drawals reported to-day amounted to
$2,582,000, of which $2,000,000 was tor ex
port. As the gold supply in New York has
been considerably reduced by constant
drawings, the sub-treasuries oi' the West
have been instructed to send a supply to
New York.
Wellington Their Choice.
ANNAPOLIS, Md., Jan. 21.— 1n a joint
caucus of Republican Assemblymen to
night Congressmen George L. Wellington
of Allegheny County was declared the
nominee to succeed United States Senator
Gibson, whose term expires March 4, 1897.
He will be elected by the General Assem
bly to-morrow.
Death of an Apprai»er»
NEW YORK, N. V., Jan. 21.— Henry W.
Hart, appraiser in charge of the Second
Division at the appraiser's stores, died at
his residence in tins city to-day. He was
born Marcn 30, 1831, at Lynchburg, Va.
Explosion on a Sieantert
FERROL, Spain, Jan. 21.— An explosion
occurred to-day on the British steamer
Sportsman at this port from Cardiff and
bound for St. Thomas. Several persons
were injured.
NEW TO-DAY.
ELECTRIC
BELTS.
Others ask from $20 to $75. Don't be hum-
bugged into paying exorbitant prices for Electric
Belts. Call and see us before purchasing.
Mail Orders Solicited.
Expressage Prepaid.
We are headquarters for
TRUSSES.
Prices $1.75 to $5.00.
W Guarantee a Perfect Fit.
OUR PHYSICIAN
Treats with success Catarrh, Kheumatlsm, Private
SebWetc. ' an<l UVer Troubles - Nervous
WRITE TO US
Patients out of the city treatf d as skillfully at
those in the city by writin S for our question blanks
Ao charge for advice or diagnosis. oiauh.s.
NO PERCENTAGE PHARMACY,
©S3 Alarls.et Street,
South side, bet. Fifth and Sixth.
NEW TO-PAY.
frfl . NOLAN BROS.
I % I SHOE CO.
TSXB.D -*7I7'EEB£
OF OUR GREAT
CLEARANCE SALE
This week we will close out the following lines of
OUR OWN MAKE FINE SHOES. Every pair
warranted. Made In all sizes and widths:
OUR OWN MAKE- Toadies' extra quality fine
Paris Kid: button, cloth or kid tops, pointed
and narrow, square toes, diamond patent- . •
leather tips.. ... At *1 7a per pair
OUR OWN MAKE— Ladies' finest quality
Tampico Pebble Goat Button, narrow,
square toe and tips, HEEL OR SPRUNG
HEEL At $2 00 per pair
OUR OWN MAKE— Ladies' extra quality
French Kid Button, seamless foxed, kid or
cloth tops, satin finished, pointed or narrow
square toes, diamond patent-leather tips,
flexible soles At $2 50 per pair
OUR LJFE-SAVIHB SHOES
Are all the rage. Every lady should
have a pair for winter -wear.
Made in all the latest styles, prices $3 and $4
per pair.
We will also close out 600 pairs of Ladles' Fine
Kid Button, pointed and square toes, patent-leather
tips, at $1 25 per pair, which is less than cost.
LADIES' SPRIN'O-HEEL SHOES.
We will close out 500 pairs of Ladies' Fine Paris
Kid Button, square toes and piuent-leather lira,
spring heels, at $1 25 pT pair. Widths A, B r C, D,
X and EE.
We will also close out full lines of Ladies'
FRENCH KID OXFORDS and SOUTH-
ERN TIES, all sizes, all widths , "V
At $1 50 per pair ?-^Jt
Regular price $2 BO' per pair. ~
Ladles' Fine French Kid OXFORD TlES, cloth
or kid tops, pointed and narrow square toes,
patent-leather tips, turn soles. At $1 50 per pair
Ladies' SOUTHERN TIES, cloth tops, pointed
and narrow square toes, patent-leather tips,
turnsoles. At $1 50 per pair
We will close out full lines of LADIES'
FRENCH KID OXFORDS and SOITH-
ERN TIES, pointed toes, patent-leather
tips, LXV French heels At 92 50 per pair
CHILDREN'S AND MISSES*
Fine Paris Kid Button, kid or cloth tops, square
toes, patent-leather tips, spring heels.
Sizes 5 to 8 900
Sizes 8V 3 toll $100
Sizes 11% to 2 $125
CHILDREN'S AND BUSSES'
Heavy Pebble Goat Button, solid double soles,
standard screwed, cannot rip, sole-leather
tips. • V
Sizes 5 to 7Va so °
bizesB to 10i/2 $100
Sizes il t02..... .$125
INFANTS' SHOES.
Infants' French Kid Button, sizes 1 to 5% .....
50c per pair
CHILDREN'S FRKNCH KID SHOES.
Children's French Kid Button, square toes,
patent-leather tips, turn soles, sizes 4 to 8, 75c pair
THIS BEING STORMY WEATHER and
MEN'S HEAVY SHOES being in demand, we will
close out all our
MEN'S, BOYS' AND YOUTHS'
Heavy and Double Sole Shoes at an enormously low
price.
See our Bargain Table for Shoes at any price.
Send us your address and we will send you a
souvenir and catalogue, showing all the latest style
shoes and prices.
WE HAVE NO BRANCH
STORES ON MARKET STREET.
DON'T BE MISLED BY MIS-
LEADING SIGNS.
Mail . orders -will receive prompt a*-
tention.
NOLAN BROS.
SHOE CO.
812-814 MARKET STREET,
9 and 11 O'Farrell St.,
PHELAN BUILDING.
Long Distance Telephone 5527.
FOR
$80.
Parlor— Silk Brocatelle, 5-Peice Suit, plush
trimmed.
Bedroom— 7-Peice Elegant Suit; bed, bureau,
washstand, two chairs, rocker and table; pil-
lows, woven wire and top mattress.
Dinine-Room— «-Foo: Extension Table, four
Solid Oak Chairs.
Kitchen— Range, Patent Kitchen Table and two
- Chairs.
rasy payments.
Houses furnished complete, city or country, any-
where on the Coast. Open evenings
M. FRIEDMAN & CO.,
224 to 230 and 306 Stockton
and 237 Post Street.
jay Free packing and delivery across the bay.
DR.WOIWWOO
Chinese Drugs /rfP^^L^Jjsa
and Tea and Herb JSP
Sanitarium, is? '*-". tKB
776 CLAY STKKET, #iL 81
Bet. Kearny and Dupont, BfWI «fts ST
San Francisco. V^J *sE* i
1 have been troubled ' W A . %W
for two years with in- KjißteaJh. iff
(lamination of the lungs fr WfHfT \ // 1
and . heart disease, arid * \2B* A I • 4
was unable to find re- '& «fc»^ Jt -a
lief by any physician HLjL_ " -A&3 «£■
I was treated for three EgflfSKiF&Sr r*3H
weeks by Dr. Wonz w<H>Rffi *S&3r Mir*
and perfectly restored to BWB B *"«& A 
health. JOHN REGLI, '«"88Ha^^KaCStf
Six Mite House, Mission Road
office hours: 9:30 to 11 A . M . ; 1 to 3, 710 9 Tic
HEALTH RESORTS.
SUELrilft
(Formerly Rural Health Retreat)
Is under strictly regular management; a quiet,
homelike place, where trained nurses, rest cure
massage, electrical treatments, Swedish move!
ments, dieting, baths, physical training, and all
that is included in mod rational medical treat-
ment, with good hotel . conveniences, pure water
obU,ned raPemUre aDd reStfUl BCe " "' »V 5 M
Terms: Room, with board and regular treat-
ment, $12 to $20 per week. regular treat-
Send for circular: St. Helena Sanitarium, St. ,
Helena, Isapa County, Cal. "urn, ou
Trains leave San Francisco, foot of Market *SCANDAL OVER
A GIRL'S MONEY
Strange Charges in the Suit
for Belle Wilson's
Estate.
WILLIAM FORD'S FRIEND
How the Mulatto Woman Became
the Ward of a Promi
nent Man.
DISCLAIMED BY HIS PEOPLE.
Claimants Aver It Was an Unholy
Alliance With the Negro Mother
Who Was Rich.
The filific yesterday afternoon in the
County Clerk's office of a petition for the
revocation of the probate of a will brings
to light an extraordinary state ii affairs in
the life of a man who at one time was
prominent as a politician and office-holder
in this City. This man was William Ford,
once a prominent merchant, a politician,
Tax Collector. Fire Commissioner and
) resident of the Board of Fire Cominis-
Bioners.
The action is entitled, "In the matter of
the estate of Isabella Elizabeth "Wilson,
also called Belle E. "Wilson, deceased,
Wilson Davis, Uraphrey Davis, Sarah
Steele, Minerva Hogan and Mary Xetly.
plaintiffs, vs. A. C. Freeze and Heloise
Chamberlain, defendants. "
The defendant, Freese, is the Public Ad
ministrator, and Mrs. Chamberlain, the
proprietress of "The Beresford," is a sister
of the late William Ford.
The petition sets forth that Belle E.
Wilson, as she was called, died in this City
on September 1, 1594, of consumption,
having been a victim of that disease for
many years, and that she died intestate
and left property, real and personal, of the
value of $20,000 or thereabouts; that on the
17th of September, A. C. Freese filed a
document purporting to be the last will
and testament of Belle E. Wilson, in the
following words:
Messrs. O'Farrell & Co.
It's mv desire and wish
that all my property shall
go to Mrs. Ileloise Chamberlain.
Isabella E. Wilson.
San Francisco. August 25, ISO-i.
Witness— William Ford, Thomas Palmer. '
That on the 11th of March following
Freese qualified as administrator and^re
ceived his tetters.
Belle E. Wilson was a mulatto, and the
petitioners, who set forth that they are
next of kin. are cousins and residents of
the city of Salisbury, Rowan County, N. C.
Heloise Chamberlain, it is set forth, is a
resident of this City, or no kin to the de
ceased, but in the alleged will is named as
sole devisee and legatee.
Several grounds of contest are set up. i
The first is that Belle E. Wilson "at the \
time of the making of the supposed will
was not of sound and disposing mind, but
on the contrary, was of unsound mind
and mentally and physically incompetent
to make or sign the alleged will, or to
make or sign any will whatsoever."
The secoi d ground is that the alleged .
■will was not her will and the plaintiffs aver,
•upon their information end belief, that the
signature to the will is not the signature 1
of said deceased and that the same was
not signed by her, and that the same was
not signed by. any other person in her
presence and by . her direction that the
witnesses purporting to have signed tire
same did not do so at the request of the
deceased nor in the presence of each other.
The third ground of contest is that
Said alleged will of the said deceased was
procured to be made and signed by the said
deceased by means of and as a direct result of
fraud exercised and practiced upon said de
ceased by the persons and in the manner Here
inafter set forth, and on that behalf your
petitioners represent and show:
That the mother of said deceased was one
Eliza Wilson, who died in this City on the 21st
(lay of January, 1593; that one William Ford,
being the une person who purports to have
signed the alleged will of said deceased
as a witness thereof, for many years lived
with the said Eliza Wilson in this
City; that said deceased resided with- paid
couple in their common home from the time
when she was a child of tender ape until the
time of the death of her mother; that the dead
Ileloise Chamberlain, one of the defendants
is a bister of said William Ford, and
at all times mentioned herein has re-
Bided in this City, and during said times
vras au<l Is now engaged in the
business of keeping a lodging-house; that
upon tne death M .r.a Wilson, William Ford
caused and induced the deceased to take
apartments in the lodging-house kept by
Helois'; Chamberlain, and thereupon deceased
moved into defendant's lodging-house and re
mained there until she died on the Ist of Set>
tember, 1894. . . r
Thar i n the 25th of August, 1894, and for a
:ne prior thereto and continually for a
.■.rig time after the death of deceased William
lord an<l Heloise Chamberlain conceived and
entertained the fraudulent purj>ose. de
?:en and intent of gaining for them
servea an undue advantage over th<-se
■ners in the disposition of the
estate of Belle E. AVilron by fraudulently in
ducing her to make a will wherein she would
to them the whole of her estate; tlat
pursuant to the fraudulent purpose, <lesign
and intent Fora importuned deceased
many times within the presence and
hearing of third persons to make a will leaving
her property to him, whereupon deceased al
ways refused to make such will, or anr will,
Baying that she had no intention of mating a
will, and that Bhe would not make a will in
favor of him or of any one else.
Plaintiffs further allege that the real estate
firm of O'Farrell & Co. were the ag-nts of Helle
3". Wilson to manage certain property belong
ing to her and collect the rents therefor, and
Ford knowing this fact drew the will In his own
handwriting and fraudulently represented to
Belle E. Wilson that the s/ime was simply an
order on her agents for money due her/and
that she had no intention of making an in
fi rumen t testamentary in character; that
Ford, in order thereof to better ac
complish his fraud, inserted the name of his
Bister, Heloise Chamberlain, in the instrument
as sole legatee of deceased, for the reason that
he could not be a legatee and a witness at the
anmc time, all of which was done by and with
the consent and concurrence of Heloise Cham
berlain.
Plaiatiffs further allege that deceased fre
quently and during all 6aid times expressed
great dislike ana contempt and hatred
against Heloiso Chamberlain, and they
}iH<i no affection for each other: that
William Ford contrived to and did lime
exclusive access to deceased on the day upon
which, the alleged will purports to have been
made apd signed, and contrived to and did
induce deceased to repose great personal con
fidence in him during all the times herein
mentioned.
In the fourth ground of contest it is set
forth that Belie K. Wilson "was of the age
of 37 years, and for a long time prior to
her death, including and at the time of
making and signing the alleged will,
■vas suffering from consumption and that
the disease produced in her great phy
»ical and mental weakness; that by rea
son thereof the deceased, during all said
was rendered weak in body and
und irritable and sensitive and sus
ceptible of flattery and prejudice, and to
the influences and artifices of designing
]'<-rsons, and was also, by disease, unable to
care for herself and wholly dependent
upon those about her; that William Ford
was a confidante of said deceased, and
represented her in dealing with third per
sons, end was consulted by deceased about
her business and peraonal'affairs, and that
deceased depended upon him for advice,
aud acted in accordance with his wishes in
ell things."
The petition closes with a prayer that
tne document admitted to probate be de
creed not to be the last will and testament
or any will of the deceased ; that the let
ters issued to Freese be revoked, and that
the court grant such further relief as is
meet in the premises. Nowlin & Fas-
sett and Napbtaly, Friedenrich & Acker
man are the attorneys for the petitioners.
The document referred to in this peti
tion was filed and after due time an order
of distribution was about to be made when
It was discovered there was an error in the
name, therefore the proceedings were dis
missed and new proceedings commenced.
Mrs. Hcloise Chamberlain is an old lady
now. She comes of a good Southern fam
ily and moved in select society of San
Francisco. Her husband was a well-known
pioneer attorney here, and Mrs. Chamber
lain and her family are highly respected
by people prominent in social life, and she
names some of the best families among
her nearest friends.
She was indignant last night over the
suit, declaring it to be a fraudulent claim
all through and that the court would
eventually decide in her favor. At present
she is landlady of th« Beresford boarding
house on Bush street, and her daughter
conducts the fashionable Sutherland Hotel
on Suttor street.
"I knew nothing of the disposition of
this estate until it was left to me. and
then I was not going to refuse it," she
said. "The property came to me on
account of my brother, who had befriended
those people." I did not seek it. Nobody
has ever yet accused me or any member
of my family of doing wrong, and our rec
ord here in San Francisco from the earli
est days is t>roof of what I say.
"This young woman, Belle Wilson, died
in the Rossmore on Stockton street, and I
was at her side when she passed away. I
had that house at the time. She had a
top room which she furnished herself, and
there she lived like a 1 miser. I understood
that her property consisted of three small
lots and enough money to keep her alive.
But all this is something for the courts to
try, and my attorney, Judge Barry, is at
tending to it.
"I have been informed it is a scheme
between Jake Kauer and Ackerman, and
most certainly 1 know this much; everv
tning in those legal papers is false. Ii is
a monstrous proceeding:, an outrageous
attack on an unsuspecting and defense
less woman.'! ,
BIRTHS NOT REGISTERED.
Why the San Francisco Death
Rate Shows Unfavorably
in Figures.
Physicians Are to Blame for the
Error — A Comparison With
Other Cities.
The Health Office is having much trouble
in inducing physicians to send in reports
i of the births that come under their obser
. vation while engaged in their professional
duties. Owing to the neglect of the med
icos San Francisco has gained an unenvi
able name as a place where the deaths far
outnumber the births and many desirable
peoplp who would otherwise locate here i
are deterred from so doing by this cir
cumstance.
The difference between the birth and
: death rate in San Francisco is believed to
be about the same as m other cities, but
from the showing of the Health Office
books the contrast is very marked. In or
■ der to show physicians and the general I
! public the ill turn they are doing the City |
I by neglecting to register the births that oc
. cur the Health Office has prepared the fol
'■ lowing table in which the births and deaths j
i of important cities throughout the country !
are shown :
C ITV.
Population.
Deaths. |
Births.
■•
Detroit/.... ...... !
Milwaukee !
8uffa10.....;
Su Louis ......
St. Paul....
Rochester
Omaha
Kansas City ....
Grand Rapids....
Salt Lake
t»an Francisco...
260.000 ! I
250,000
.336,709 •
660,000
.140,292
160,000
140,462
. 150,000
80,000
76,000 .
330,000
322
276
326
778
133
194
■ 89
166
tit;
38
514
372
' 644
746
1,025
266
291
143
221
105
114
In Brooklyn and New York the compari
son for the last week in December makes
the following showing:
New York— Population 1,907,245, deaths
774, births 1254."
Brooklyn— Population 1,105,000, deaths 432
births 005.
Thus it appears that among the large
cities of the country San Francisco is the
only one that has a death rate greater than
the birth rate, an assumption not borne
out by the facts.
BIBLES FOR SOLDIERS.
Work of Quaker Missionaries in
Different Parts of
Japan.
What the United Effort of Three
Great Bible Societies Is Accom
plishing.
The Rev. George Braithwaite of London,
a Quaker missionary representing the
British Bible Society, and the Rev. G.
Binford of Canada, also a Quaker, both of
whom have been engaged in mission work
in Japan, are at the Occidental.
Rev. Mr. Braithwaite has been for ten
years in Japan, and has traveled all over
that country, distributing Bibles ana other
religious literature. He haa been forced to
leave Japan for a time because of rheu
mative fever, and Mr. Binford has come
along to take care of him. It was all the
latter could do to get Mr. Braithwaite off
the steamer Coptic, in which ttrey canje,
and get him up to the hotel.
The reverend gentleman, while lying in
bed, told a Call representative of the work
of scattering Bibles throughout the Mi
kado's realm. He said the British, Amer
ican and National (of Scotland) Bible so
cieties had united in the work of printing
and circulating the BiDle and New Testa
ment in Japan.
"We distributed about 150,000 copies of
the Gospels to the Japanese soldiers dur
ing the recent war," he said, "and over
the Empire we have sent them far and
near. Some of the books were made very
small, in order that the soldiers could carry
them conveniently.
"The Bibles and Gospels are all printed
in Japan and in the Japanese language. We
can print them there far cheaper than we
can elsewhere. The printing and bind
ing of one entire Gospel can be done for
less than 1 cent.
"During the war I wanted a list of books
for soldiers who were about to go to the
front, and from Tuesday morning to Fri
day evening I printed 5000 copies. This
shows the speed at which the work was
done.
"We are making, I think, good progress
with the people, though at times it looks
discouraging."
Mr. Braithwaite will go to San Diego to
try and recuperate. Both he and Mr.
Binford will afterward return to Japan.
A Bad Quartet.
Samuel Olson, a carpenter, was drugged and
robbed of $17 and an overcoat in a lodging
house on Third street, last Thursday night.
Policeman T. L. Ryan was detailed on the case,
and yesterday as a result, Maggie Sullivan was
booked at the City Prison for grand larceny
and petty larceny, Carrie Turner for petty lar
ceny, James Hoy for petty larceny and James
O&tes for vagrancy.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 22, 1896.
BY WAY OF INFORMATION.
Short Talks With the Well
Posted at the Arts and
Crafts Show.
IN THE CLUTCHES OF CRITICS.
Everybody Has Something to Show You
and the Entertainment Is Varied
and Novel.
People who are troubled -with that tired
feeling should drop around to the exhibi
tion given by the Arts and Crafts, on Pine
street, and fall into the clutches of some
critic who wants to explain thiugs to those
who will listen.
As a rule the critic is easy to spot, but at
the Arts and Crafts exhibition be appears
in the most unexpected guises and crops
up all over the place.
If you feel a hand on your shoulder and
hear a pleading voice begging you to come
over to such-and-such a place and see
something line, the best thing you can do
is to get right over there at once and have
done with it.
"Come with me," says the voice, "attd
Art Shows How It Should Be Done and Craft Shows How to Do It.
see how etchings are made. Etching, you
know, is one of the greatest arts known to
civilization and is very popular amontr the
higher order of people. Isow we will take
thesa samples of work for instance. Here
are four prorofs from one plate, and all of
them are works of art in every sense of the
word. Now, in the art of etching, ray di-:ir
sir. you will observe that the very height
of perfection consists of an equal distribu
tion of the different light and Bhadow ef
fects in such a way that they will look like
this. See? There are few etchings extant
as eood as these. Take all the works of
the old masters and you will not tind one
equal to this particular produc — "
"Who made it?" ytm may inquire.
"I did," answers the critic in astonish
ment.
Then the voice comes into your ear
again and another hand firmly draws you
to the old books. "These," says the per-
The Gentle Art of Etching.
son who has succeeded in getting hold of
you, "are the oldest books in the entire
world, bar none. There is a written testi
monial from the curator of the British
Museum that this volume of Shakespeare
is the first ever issued and is worth a great
many pounds. At the further end of that
case is a cony of the Rig Veda, the oldest
book in the world, and it is an original.
There various ways to tell old books,
but it would be a difficult task for one to
explain. This case of books is worth some
thing liKe $48,000, the price fixed upon
them by the Kensington Muse — "
"May I ask to whom they belong?"
"Why, certainly. To me."
"Come here just a moment, I want to
show you a black-and-white picture,"
says another voice, and you are hauled
clear across the room. "Here we have
something that is destined to go down to
history as one of the linest things ever
made by any artist west of New York.
Observe that Gustav Dore effect. Prob
ably not another artist in the country has
succeeded in getting that effect tins
decade. It is recognized by those who
understand as the masterpiece in black
and white among the entire collection of
pictures."
"Yes, I see it is good and the artist's
name is ."
"That's me," he answers, without a
blush and without an apology to Lindley
Murray.;
No sooner have you recovered from the
shock of this description than you are
gently led among tbe posters. "Do you
Gee tfcat poster of Bernhardt?" inquires
your informant. "That is by all means
the finest specimen hi all this collection.
None compare with it in any way. Peo
ple stand spellbound before it and are ap
palled at its richness and remarkable
drawing. Did you ever see anything with
so much force and character in it?"
"I never did. To whose collection does
it belong?"
"To mine."
"Ah!" exclaimed the man who is de
voted to zinc plates, "here's the thing to
see. I want you to have a close look at
this specimen. Now take it in your hands
and hold it just so in the light and you
will see that it is perfect in every line.
See? Can't you see it? Just a little more
toward the window so the light will strike
the surface. There you are. There you
are. Isn't it a magniticent piece of work?
The other zinc cuts here are really no
good, but this is perfect. How do you
like it?"
"Very much, indeed, and may I ask who
made it?"
"1."
No sooner have you been appalled by
this latter information than you are told
to hasten over to the fine bindings.
"Now, take that book in your hands
and examine it closely, my dear sir.
Is it not the finest work you ever
saw? All I ask you to do is to exam
ine it from an unprejudiced standpoint.
So you have looked it over carefully, have
you? Well, all right. Would y OU like to
know who bound that book?"
"Yes."
"Our nouse," and the gentleman who
knew his business tucked tne volume back
in the case.
A little later the visitor begins to realize
that all the finest things in the collection
are those which he is shown, and it is gen
erally a safe bet that the individual who
created or owns any of them is the best
informed regarding their superior points
and is, consequently, competent to dis
cuss them.
By the time you have gone the rounds
you are convinced that the best specimens
[of printir •. binding, painting and draw
ing on earta are collected there and that a
j great deal that does not gHtter is irold.
But it is really a fine collection, and a
credit to San Tranciscp, despite the gen
| erous rivalry of the enthusiastic owners
and producers.
Clearly Defined.
A contemporary wriles: "Lord Water
ford's story related in Canon McColl's de
scriptive sketch in the Westminster
Gazette of the man who accused
another of doing him 'grievous
bodily harm' by 'calling him names'
which 'gave him a pain in the
inside, 1 reminds me of an incident in
a trial to which I listened many years
ago, when a law student in the "Four
Courts, Dublin. The late Sir Wil
liam Carroll, who had lilled the post
of Lord Mayor of Dublin, but who was
noted as a discipie of Mrs. Malaprop
sued the late Mr. Angelo Hayes, a Dub
lin artist of considerable eminence
for libeling him by a caricature. The
caricature was produced in court. In the
cross-examination Sir William swore that
it gave him great pain. 'Pain?'
said the counsel. 'Tain of what kind?
Was it mental pain or bodily pain?' 'Sly
lord,' said the witness, turning to the late
Chief Justice Whiteside. who was trying
the case; 'my lord, all I can say is that
drawing gave me great bodily pain of
mind.'" — Household Words.
The death is announced at Virginia, 111.
of Mrs. John Heaton, said to be the only
woman ever born in the Tower of London.
She was a daughter of Major Fullerton*
who held command there in 1820.
„____ to-day.
inns). ■ '•'^/'//y//' ■'■'/■. v.v '■'■■'' & J* jBBSw
Ml "* ' -Viv::-:--' ; - •••■■■■■• ■ d^\_^jmHT
GREETING!
In commencing this, the second season's advertising of this famous
cigar, it is noteworthy that though six months have elapsed since the
last advertising was discontinued the cigar has . unceasingly advanced
in public favor. There can be but one reason for this— what the makers
claim for it must be TRUE: : that it is the only strictly hand-made un- . .
adulterated Havana cigar sold at a popular price. ■ —
If you have not tried it yet don't delay.' And don't stop at ONE— .
the true strength of a cigar lies in its UNIFORMITY; that is Mantell's
strongest point.
Three sizes: 10c, 2 for 25c, 3 for 25c.
WHOLESALE WERTHEIMER CO., 13 Battery St., S.F.
APPROVED THEIR METHODS
General Barnes Tells the Y. M.
C. A. of Undesirable Good
Young Men.
0
THE BIG BUILDING INSPECTED.
Illuminated From Basement to Garret
for the Edification of the Many
Visitors.
Electric lights blazed in every part of
the Youner Men's Christian Association
building last night. The great structure
was open for inspection from the garret to
the gymnasium, natatorium and shooting
gallery in the basement, and several hun
dred men, young and old, traveled over it
after having listened to a specially inter
esting programme in the auditorium.
The "evening" was given to celebrate the
forty-third anniversary of the association.
A great many invitations bad been given
out with the idea of introducing to young
men not members the many advantages of
the institution. The entertainment was
successful in every way.
General W. H. L. Barnes was the speaker
of the evening. He was introduced by
Louis J. Titus, and announced that there
was one thing in which he took great com
fort. That was, that though he might say
the wrong thing in the right place, yet he
was in no danger of saying the "right
thing in the wrong place, ana — getting
lined for it."
Here he paused. Then the audience re
membered Secretary McCoy's experience
with Judge Murphy during the Durrant
trial and it was several minutes before the
speaker could proceed.
General Barnes declared that he was
heartily in sympathy with the movement
being carried on by the Young Men's
Christian Association. He had, when a
boy, looked with pity and something of
aversion on the "good young man." But
the "good young man" then was usually
thin, lean, round-shouldered ana wore
spectacles. The gymnasiums were gen
erally in the smallest of back buildings,
and the young men who used them were
looked upon as being on the highway to
the devil.
The speaker contrasted this state of
affairs with the picture he had seen when
he had stepped one evening into the gym
nasium of the association. He saw in it
the greatest exhibition he could remember
of general culture and desirable develop
ment in young men.
General Barnes then urged upon his
hearers the necessity of applying them
selves to getting knowledge. The neces
sity of not neglecting opportunities, he de
clared, made him so provoked with some
ministers when he heard them sniveling
and whining that he at times wanted to
do personal violence to them.
One of the features of the evening was
the performance of the "Fin deSiecle"
orchestra, consisting of Miss H. Hill, lirst
violin; Frank Kupple, piano; C. T. Auger,
flute; E. Cowan, first violin; A. B. Levy,
cornet; A. Nidder, 'cello; A. Greenbaum,
clarionet, and E. Oppenheiraer, second
violin. The Knickerbocker Quartet of
male voices sang several songs and was
encored at every appearance. Dr. W. P.
Sprague recited "Falstaff's Imaginary
Encounter" and he was recalled twice.
Before the conclusion of the programme,
Secretary H. J. McCoy told how tlie build
ing had been planned for the young
men of the City in onier that every phase
of moral, social and physical development
should be assisted and provided for.
And the only requirement made in order
to Bhare these benefits was that a "man
should be a man."
When the audience was dismissed, it
broke up into small groups. These were
guided through the building by mem
bers of the association, and at the sight
of the splendid accommodations there
were many expressions of surprise that
they could be given for the small sum re
quired. _____________
Human Nature During a Panic.
Baltimore's terrible casualty was not a
lesson ; it was an exhibit. It showed how
strong is animal instinct in human nature
that has not been trained by education of
both mind and body. The details of the
catastrophe indicate that most of those
who participated in the fatal panic were
people who had never learned self-control
or practiced cool reasoning. They had an
instinctive idea that tire meant death to
all in its way, and when the cry was raised
they started, as so many timid animals
would, to fly for safety, without waiting to
ascertain whether or not they were in dan
ger. It would be as idle to use this inci
dent as a lesson to others who may be in
a theater when a cry of tire is raised as it
would have been to try to argue with this
panic-stricken crowd in its wild flight.
Alky one who has mind enough at such a
time to look about him and see where tne
danger is, if there be any, has wit enough
to avoid panic, but the frequent oocur
rente of just such incidents as this shows
what lies under the superficial stratum of
modern education and intellectual devel
opment.—Philadelphia Ledger.
NEW TO-DAT-
the Last
OS 1
OUR SHOES!
In a very short time our new Spring Goods will begin to
arrive and the space used by our Shoe Department will have to
be turned over to the Wash Goods, hence we are anxious to close
out all our Shoes as speedily as possible. WE WERE OFFERED
FIFTY CENTS ON THE DOLLAR BY A LEADING SHOE-
STORE for the entire stock, but preferred to give them
To Our Customers.
THE SALE BEGINS
THURSDAY MORNING at 9 o'clock.
; _- ■ ■
Our stock consisted of the product oi/ America's foremost
factories, such as Wright, Peters & Co., Curtis & Wheeler, J. &T.
Cousins, Williams, Hoyt & Co., Hazen B. Goodrich & Co., I.
Summerfield & Co., and other representative makers standing
high in reputation in the shoe world. We have taken eve. -
pair of shoes and slippers on hand, whether ladies' or children's,
and marked them at less than half their original cost. NO
SHOE DEALER WHO WANTS TO STAY IN BUSINESS CAN
MEET OUR PRICES.
WATCH TO-MORROW'S ISSUE FOR PRICES.
RAILROAD TRAVEL ,
LOW RATES BY RAIL
....T0.... ■ • .
FRIDAY JANUARY 24,
And Every Fifth l>ay Thereafter.
Leave from S. P. Co. Ferry landing, loot
of Market St., at 8:00 p. m.
A<l p ft— Including Berth in Pullman Tourist
/■ 0 U sleeper.
....ALSO.;...
First-class : tickets, including berth in (£»"] C.OO
Pullmau Standard Sleeper, {pi O — .
SPECIAL NOTICE. '!
This train will not stop to deliver or take on pas-
sengers at intermediate stations, nor will tickets ba
sold or baggage checked to such points.
jgS" Through Tickets for Puget Sound
Points on Sale at.Keducod Kates.
For further information apply at
613 MARKET STREET (Grand Hotel
i* % . Ticket Office), San Francisco. <
RICHARD GRAY, T. H. GOODMAN,
. Gen. Trutno Mgr. ■ 'Gen. Paas. Age
SOUTHERN PACIFIC COSPAHT. .
- -' (PACIFIC SYSTEM.) . : " , !'.,• '
Tritlun le»ve «n«t Are «Ine to nri-lv** at
MAN FItAKCISCO. .
ucAVg — From November 20, 1895. — abeitj
6:30 a Haywardv Niles and Way Stations. . 10:1 5a
7:00 a Atlantic Express, o?<len and Kast.. »:!.">
7:OUa Benicia, VaeaTillo, Eunssey, Sacra-
mento, and Redding via Da via. . . . 7:13p
7:3* a Martinez, San Ramon, Napa, Calus-
toga and Santa Rosa.... 6:13p
C<3oa Niles, Ban Jose, Stockton, lone,
Sacramento, Marysville. .ICed lUutr
ami Sundays excepted Oio'ille.... 4 : 1 5p
•«:30\ Peters and Milton .......i.... "7:15p
9:00 a San LeaDdro, Hayward»& Way St'ns 11:4Sa
9:00 a Los Angeles Express, Raymond,
(for ■ Yosemito). Santa li&rbara •
- and Los Anneles ; <* 4:45r
9:00 a Martinez and Stockton 10:1.1 a
10:OOa San LeaDdro, Kiywtrdaonil Niles . l:13p ■
12:00 m San Leandro, Haywards* Way St'ns iizlZr
■ l:O«pNiits, San Jose and Livermore ■ h:154
•l:OOp Sacramento River Steamers «»:«0p
Port Costa and Way SUtions , t~:4sp
S:OOp San Leandro, Hoywardsi: Way St'na 5: Jsp
4:OOp San Leandro, Hayrrards& Way.Sfns C:4sp
4:00p Martinez, Sau .Ramon, Vallejo.
Nairn, C.ilistoga, El Verano and
■■ Santa Rosa ......:...... •» 15 a
*«••* Benioia, Esparto. Woodland, . •
. \. Knights Landing, . Marysville,
Urovillo and Sacramento .......... 10i43a
4iS9pNileB, San Jose, LiTermore and
Stockton 7:15p
s:*op San Lemdro, Haywards & Way St'ns B:4Sr
S:3or New Orleans r3iprccs,rrenno,Bakers-
. field, Santa 'Barbara. Los Ai'telcs,
„ Demi me. El Paso, New Orleans and ■
East 10:43 a
3:3Ur Santa to Route, Atlantic Express ■
• . . for Mojave and East 1 0: 13 a
C:OOp European Mail, Oedeu nxd East.... 9:43 a
OtOOpllay«v.n-(lfl, Kilos ami Han J05e. ...... 7:1.1*
J7:oop Vallejo t7:43p
7:OOp Oregou Express, Sacramento, Slarys- .
... . rlllc, K«ildintr, Poi.laud, ..Pueet'. -U !v". '
Su'.iudaud l'.ust 10:43 a
7:00 p San Leandro, Hajwarda& Way St'ns 1 0:3 Or <
9:0 Op San Leandro. Ilaywurdet Way St'ns tt 12:09 a
•Jlo:©3p " Sunset - limited," Fresno, Los " v . . : '
Anseles, El Paso, New Orleans
' and East... §1"5515p
ttlltlsrßanLeandro.Hsyward3&Wt,y St'ns 7:15 a
_ SANTA CltnZ DITISION (NnrrovT Gang*).
Mi 13 a Newarit,CeiitvT»ill«,.Suii.loiit>,i?clton, ,
Boulder Creek, Santa Cruz aud Way ■
Stations...... 5:501
*2:15r Newark, OentertiUe, San Jose, New . ,
AlmoUen, Felton, Boulder Creek, .
Sauta ' Cruz aud . Principal Way
Stations "11:20 a
Newark, San Jose and Los <»atos.... »:s©a ;
|ll:15p Hunters' Excursion; San Jose and
Way Stations...... ' t7:20?
COAST DIVISION (iliird A: ToiTiisyttil Sts.) .
■ «J:4.Y\ Jons ami Way Htatlona (Neve
: " ■ ■ Almadcn Wednesdays only), lt4Bp
' Bil3a San Joeo,' Trcs J'inos, Sjnta Cruz,
Pacific Grove. Paso Robler, San
* LiUs Obißpo, Guadalupe and I'riu-
clpal Way Stations .:..........:■.■ 7tOsp
10:40 a Bb>i Jobo ami Way Btatlons ii:OOr
1 1:43 a Palo Alto and Way Stations. . ..... 3:30)
•2:30r San Jose, Gilrny, Tres Piaos, Santa
, . Cruz, Salinas, Monterey and .Tactile .
Groro... ...*10:40a
•3:: top San Jose and Principal Way Stations i !':47a
•4:3Oi> San Jose ami Way Stations,...:.... »!*:00a
San .7oso ami Way 5tati0n5......... "8:48*
O:SOjl> San Jose aixl Way Stations. «i::s.Vv
♦ll;4spSan.Tosean<l Way 5tati0n5......... |7:45t
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
rrtnSlH r&yC!SCO— Foot of Market Street (.Slip 8)—
•7:15 9:00 11:00 A.M. ■ Jl:30 «2:00 t3:06
•*:00 ■>'|B:00 *6:00 p.m. i :,-.;
rromOiniKD— Foot of Broadway — «6:00 8«0
10:00a.U. tl2:00;.*l:00 tS:OO ' *3:CO $1:00
«5:00r.M. . ■••--.>■■ -' . .. ' . (
■A for Morning. '• ■ P for Afternoon.
• Sundays excepted. <■ . • t Saturdays only.
• * . t Sundays only. 
ft Monday, Thursday and Saturday nights only.
and Saturdays, t&u&days and Xiiuisdaja/
I RAILROAD TRAVEL:
I SI\FRAMS<M MTH PA-
CMC RAILWAY CO.
Tiburuu Ferry— Foot of Market St.
San Francisco to San Rafael.
WEEK DAYS-7:40, 9:20, 11:00 A.K.: 12:S\
3:30, 5:10, 6:30 p.m. Thursdays— Extra trl»
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips ac 1:50
and 11:30 p. v.
! SDNDAYS-8-.00, 9:30, 11:00 A.M.; 1:30, 3:3 a
5:00,6:20 p.m.
San Rafael to San Francisco.
: WEEK DAYS— 6:2S, 7:05, 9:30, 11:10 A. M:
12 :4B, 3 :40, 6 :10 p. m. Saturdays-Extra trip*
at 1:55 p. m. and 6;35 P. v.
SUNDAYS— B:IO, 9:40, 11:10 A. it; 1:40, 3-40 L
6:00, 6:25 p. m.
Between San Francisco and Scbuetzen Park sama
schedule as above.
Leave irn>ffpcf Arrive
! San Francisco. O ct? 28. San Francisco.
! Week I' SOK- Tiea'tfnation. Sun- j Wra
I Days. | days, destination. PAYa .. [ AYS .
j 7:40 am 8:00 am Novato, 10:40 am 8:50 a
' 8:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma, I 6:05 pm ! 10:30 AM
6:10 pm 5:00 pm Santa Roga. 7:30 pm 6:15 pi*
Fulton. .
7:40 am Windsor, 10:30 AX
Healdsburg,
Geyservtlle,
3:30 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:30 PM 6:15 pic
' j Vieta, • I
7:40 am Hopland <fc
i 8:00 am Uklah. 7:30 PMI 6:18 pm
. 7:40 ami i 10:30 am
18:00 AMlOuerneviMe. 7:30 pm
> »:30 pm| j ' 6:15 PM
7:40 am 8:00 am Sonoma 10:40 8:50 am
6:10 pm 6:00 pm and 6:05 pm 0:15 pit
j Glen Ellen.
7:40 am|8:00 ami Spba . tono] 110:40 am! 10:80 as*
3:3opm|s:OOpml belmBtopol [ 6:06 pm! 0:15 pm
. Stages connect at San Rafael for Bollnas.
Stages connect at Cloverdale for the Geysers.
Stapes connect at Pleta tor Highland Spring*
Kelseyvllle, Lakeport.
Stages connect at TTktah for Vichy Springs, Bla«
Lakes, Laurel Bell, Upper Lake, Boonevllle, Green-
wood, Mendocino City. Fort Bragg, Usal, Westport,
Cahto, Willetts, Calpella, Porno, Potter Valley, Joh»
! Day's, Lively T s, Gravelly Valley, Harris, scoti*
! and Eurelca.
I Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at reduce*
I On Sundays round-trip ticket* to all points ba*
y«&d San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices. 650 Market at., Chronicle bulletin*,
! B. a WHITING. B. X. RYAN,
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pan. Ageat.
S Atlantic
RAILROAD
Trains leave from and arrive
at Market-Street Ferrr.
SANTA FE EXPRESS
To Chicago via A. & p. Direct Line
SPSS
CHICAGO LIMITED,
From Los Angeles to Chicago.
Solid _Vectlbule Train Daily, with Dining-car*.
?»^.» r K H *r Yey 8 . ? em^nt- Connecting tralni
leave San Francisco at 9 a. m. and 3:30 p. m. dally
The best railway from California to the East
ISfcw rails, new ties; no dust: Interesting sconeryt
I and good meals in Harvey's dining-room or dlnluj-
Ticket Ottc3-644 Market Street,
• Clironlcle Building.
RORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD
(Via Saasalito Ferry).
• rom San Francisco, beginning October 27, 1883.
WEEKDAYS.' '
For Mill Valley and San Raf ae1~7:30, 9-15, 11: M
a.m.; 1:45, 3:45, 5:15, 6:30 p. m.
Ban Quentin— 7 :3o, 9 :15 a. M. ; 1 :it>, 5•15p. M.
Extra trips lor San | Rarael on Mondays, Wedne» .
days ami Saturdays at 11:30 P. m.
SUNDAYS.
i For Mill Valley, San Rafael and San Queniln—
8:00, 10:00, 11:80 a. M.: 1:30,3:00,4:30, «0:lf
T. M. "Does not run to San Qnentin.
' THROUGH TRAINS.
' 1 7:80 a.m. weekdays— Cazadero and way stations, '
1:45 p. m. Saturdays— Tomales and way station* I
jiiou a. m. Sunday.-, feint Bifti ua lyjloaa
1112
THE COMMERCIAL WORLD.
BUVJCABY OF THE MARKETS.
Silver a fraction lower
Wheat firm and Futures higher.
Barley, Oats and Corn unchanged.
live weaker.
Flour advanced 10c per barreL
llran rather weaker.
No change in Hay.
Onions tirm.
Butter sc.irce. K :ps dull and weak.
Cheese In light supply.
Two cars Kastern Poultry in,
<;am<> In bad condition.
Provisions quiet and weak.
No change In Hides.
Oranges very dull. Apples quiet.
Dried Fruit as usual.
some changes in Oils.
WEATHER KKTORT BUREAU.
United States Department of Agricul
ture, Wkather Bubeait, San Francisco, Jan
uary 31, 1896, 5 p. it.— Weather conditions and
general forecast:
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to date
as compared with thus.' of the same date last year:
Eureka . last season 27.79: Red Bluff 10.13,
Inst ■ '■.-on 19.37: Ban Francisco 8.99. last season
19.00; Fresno 3.14, last season 9.14: sun Luis
Ohlspo 8.36. last season 20.03; Los Angeles 4.18,
last season 11.05: San Diego 2.23, last season 9.49;
Yuma mv. last season 2.99.
San Francisco data— Maximum temperature 68,
minimum 52. mean 55.
The area of low pressure which was central off
the Oregon coast this morning has apparently
moved inland, and the lowest, pressure this even
ing is over Southern Idaho. An area of high pres- i
sure has made its appearance off the coast of Cali
fornia, and will probably cause fair weather
Wednesday and Thursday. The pressure has
risen more than six-tenths of an inch during the
past twelve hours along the Oregon coast. An
area of nigh pressure is central over Alberta, and
is apparently moving eastward, accompanied by
low temperatures. The temperature has fallen
over Washington, Oregon and Northern California.
Colder weather may be expected Wednesday and
Thursday. Rain has fallen, hut in smaller quan
ties than at any time during the past week. The
riven will rise at Sacramento possibly a foot in the
next thirty-six hours, but will fall at Oroville,
Marysville and Ked B;uff Tuesday night, and
begin to fall at Colusa Wednesday.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty hours ]
ending midnight January 22, 1896:
Northern California— Fair; colder; northerly
winds. : ■?>'■-'
southern California— Fair; colder; westerly
winds.
Nevada— Fair: colder in northern portion.
Utah— Fair; colder.
Arizona— Fair.
San Francisco and vicinity— Fair: colder; brisk
northwesterly winds.
A. McAdie, Local Forecast Official.
SEW YORK MARKETS.
Financial.
NEW YORK. N. V., Jan. 21.'— Business at the
Stock Exchange continues dull, the sales to-day
footing up only 139,000 shares. The opening of
the market was strong; prices in the first half hour
of trading having advanced ' i@l ' 4 per cent. The
rise was bused on Washington advices that the
outlook for a speed] settlement of the Venezuelan
boundary question had improved. The Impres
sion that the new Government bond loan will be
heavily over-subscribed also ltd to some buying at
this time. The engagement of $2,500,000 gold
bars for shipment to Europe announced a: an
early hour was ignored so far us the stock market
was concerned, and the rumors of heavy ship
ments late in the week also fell Hat.
In the afternoon the Industrials and Western
Union ruled weak. Chicago Gas fell from 66y a to
641-j on reports from Chicago that the secretary
of suite of Illinois on thendviceof Attorney-Gen
eral Moloni j had refused to accept 1 lie consolida
tion papers of the reorganization committee. The
committee, backed by the showalter decision, will
right the matter, Tobacco was. feverish, ranging
between 77 i ■• and 791,8, closing at 78 bid. West
ern Union sold down to 81% on rumors of light
earnings and increased competition.
The market closed barely steady. Net changes
show advances of : 4T"sper cent, Louisville and
Nashville ltading. The industrials, however, lost
Vi&l percent, except for General Electric, which
gained H/g per cent. Western Union tell Kg per
cent. Bomln were firmer. sales were ?98"J.l)OO.
Atchison fo/rs when issued rose Ito 7tJV' .: r'o sec
o:iJs, class A certificates,] to "2S,' 8 ; Chicago Gas
firsts, 114 to 91 Vi: Chicago and Eastern Illinois
sinking land sixes, 2 to 114: Ohio Southern fours,
4 029; Western New York and Pennsylvania
general fours, 1% to 45%, and Wisconsin Central
fives, 1 to 40.
(irain.
FI.OUR — Moderate demand, firm: city mills,
$i(d\ 10. Winter Wheat, low grades, $2 25@
2 65: do fair to fancy. $2 65 @ 3 30: do
patents, $345 (a. 3 75: Minnesota clear, ?2 50
id,3 10: do straits. ?3@3 35; do patents. $3 15
(5,4 10; low extras, 92 t's@2 65; City Mills, S3 90
(a 4: do patents. K4@4 25. Rye mixture, $2 10@
;-> '-0; .s;iuertine. $2ia. - 20. Southern flour— Steady;
common to fair extras, $'2 10@2 80; good to choice
do. $2 90@3. Rye flour— More active, steady,
:. 285. Buckwheat flour, $1 30.
BUCKWHEAT— 3Bc.
1 'iiN.MKAL— Steady; yellow Western, *2 25®
2 30: Brandy wine. $2 25.
RYE— Nominal.
BARLEY— Nominal: No. 2 Milwaukee, 47c; un
graded Western, 39@40c.
BARLEY MALT— Nominal.
WHEAT — Dull, easier; No. 2 red, store
and elevator, 71 1 c: afloat, 72 c: f. o. b.. 72Vi@
7414 c; ucgraded red. 66@67c: No. 1 northern,
741 iC.
Options— steady, at \'s(ap/&c decline on
easier cables, weak West, foreign selling and local
realizing; May and July most active. No. 'i
red, 69- 1 4 c for January; February, 70c; March,
70»ic; May. 68y 2 c: June and July, 68y 4 c.
CORN— Finn: No. 2, 36 elevator: 37c afloat.
Options— Dull and steady at V B c decline, follow-
Ing the West and on realizing. May most active.
January, 36c; February, 35 % c; May, 35i 2 I July,
363 ie
oaTS— Active, stronger. Options, dull, steady ;
January, '.Mi „<■: February, 24ygc: May, 243% c.
Spot prices: No. 2. -414": No. 2 white, 25» /4 @
No. 2 Chicago, 25 Vic; No. 3, 23Vac; No. 3
white.- 24iAc: mixed Western, 24Vz@25VaC;
white do, 25@28c: white Stale, 25@28c.
FEED BRAN— 6O(g62%c. •
Provisions.
BF.EF— Moderate demand, $10@12. Beef hams,
steady, $15 50. Tiercetl beef, quiet, firm; city extra
India m?r*. $lb 00(»17 00; cut meats, firmer;
■ ■•; do shoulders, Be; do hams,
-
iTaRD— Kasier: Western steam, $&: city,
$5 50; January, 86 00; refined, firm; Conti
nent. $6 35; frouth America, $6 60; compound,
f 4 75(a.;>.
PORK— Steady; moderate demand; mess, SlO 75
@11.
BUTTER— DuII: liberal receipts: lower; State
dairy, 16@19c; do creamery, 15<§»19c: Western,
creamery, IS.tt'JOc: do June. 14@18V2c; do factory,
9 1 -.(h.15 1 .>c: Elsrlns, 20c; imltatiun creanierv, 14@
17c: rolls. 9ai4c.
CHEESE— Fair demand, firm: State large,
-4c: do small, 7%@loVi; part skims,
7 ; full skims, 2(£3c.
EOO»— ■uiiift: steady. Slate and Pennnylvanla,
18O19c: Soothenj, ltu 2 ia,l7V2C: lcthouse, i6@l6c;
do case. $j SV(®A 75: Western fresh, 17 1 '2(ffll8c;
limed, 15<-.
TALLOW— Quiet. City. 3%c: country, 4@4U,c.
COTTONSEED OIL— Slow. firm. Crude. mi- a
23c: yellow, prime, •2Hy ? @'29c; do off grades, 2Hc.
KOsIN — Quiet. Strained, common to good,
SI 60@l 65.
TURI'ENTINK— Dull, weak: 3iy a ©32c.
POTATOES— Quiet, easy. Sweets, $2<a>4 75.
RICK Firm, fair demand. Domestic fair to
extra, 3@53.ic; Japan, 3% <&4c.
CUFKEja— Finn. 5 10 10 point* down; January,
$13 30; February, $13 15; March, flB 10<&13 15;
May, $12 (SOial'-' 70; September, $11 70<a.1l 75:
December. sll 50@ll 60. ' .Spot Rio, dull, steady;
NO. 7, 14c.
SDUA&— Haw, firm: dull; fair refining, 33/ 8 c; '
centrifugals, 96 test, 3%c. Refined, quiet-
No. 6, - 4»ic; No. 7 and No. 8. 4 5-16 -
No. 9, *3 16c; No 10, 43/ 8 c; No. 11, 4c;
No. 12, 8 15-1 So: No. 13, 37/ 8 c; off A, 41/2©
'4.y g c: mold A, 5 3-16 c: standard A, 4 16-10 C;
confectioners' A, 4 l-16c: cut loaf, 4 9-16:
crushed, 5 9-16 c: powdered and cubes, 6 3-itic;
granulated, 4 15-16-.
.Fruit and Produce.
CALIFORNIA FRUlTS— Apricots— Bags, 9*4
lie.
PEACHES- Cnpeelec, 4^4@B%c.
PRUNES-4C.
RAISINS— London layers. 85c@$l 25; do
4-crown, a @sc: ;do 3-crown. 3Vi®3Vfec.
ALMONDS— NominaI; paper-shell, ll@12c; do.
soft- shell. »%C. .
Wa hXl'Tb- Standard, nominal, 6V<i@7c; aosott
sneli. ei/ifalOc.
HOPS— Quiet, unchanged.
WOOLi Firm, unchanged.
Merchandise.
PIG IRON— Quiet; American, $11 75 13 50.
COPPER-Dull; Lake. 89 75.
LEAD- Quiet: domestic. $3(&3 05
TlN— Quiet; Straits, $13 10; plates, quiet.
SPELTEK-Nominal; domestic. 84.
■ j CHICAGO MARKETS.
CHICAGO, 111, Jan. 21—Valnes were rather
soft at the opening to-day, some of the grain that
was bought yesterday seeking purchasers this
morning. The advancing tendency which was
shown around yesterday's close was checked by
fair receipts at Chicago and in the Northwest, 138
and 342 car* respectively, ana by the indifference
of the Liverpool market, which advanced V»d on a
reported poor demand. Pit traders turned'"buyers
in the first half hour and succeeded In bringing
about a rally later, affording support to prices
through constant purchases. The world's ship
ments for last week officially reported by tne
Board of Trade were 5.139.000 bushels. Local in
spections from store were 95,694 bushels. Export
clearances were liberal at 450,151 bushels, Includ
ing wheat and flour.
Kradstreet's reports on stocks proved disappoint
in? to holders who found in the comparatively
moderate decrease In the world's visible supply of
1,937,000 bushels reason for disposing of the wheat
bought earlier. Prices became decidedly weak
declining to - puts. Closing Continental cables
were lower. May wheat opened from- Glfigc
to «13/se, sold between 6iya and 02i^c, closing at
61 Vs@t>l Vzc. V2 C under yesterday, mated re
ceipts for to-morrow, 56 cars. .
CORN — Responded promptly to the advances
and declines in wheat.' The trade possessed no
particular merit, an ordinary business being trans
acted. Liverpool cables were quiet and i/id higher.
' Receipts were 871 cars. There were no withdraw
als from store. Bradstreet's reported an intrease in
Available stocks of 1,4.08,000 bushels. Export
clearances were 382,774 bushels. May corn opened 1
at 291/ic sold between 29 Vg and 29fy8C, closing at
29y B @29Vic, VB@Vic under yesterday. . Esti
mated receipts tor to-morrow. 380 cars. .
' OATS— The market was quiet, with the trade un
eventful. The tone was In sympathy with that of
wheat and corn. Receipts were 363 cars. No oats
were taken from store. , Bradstreet's gave an in
crease In available stocks of 378,000 bushels. May j
closed V8'? ;l lower than yesterday. Estimated
receipts for to-morrow 210 cars.
FLAX Wbß steady to firm. Cash, 9iy 2 @92c;
May, 9f> ! <4(ai96 l /±c. Receipts were 28 cars.
PRO Although not booming in the
way which was seen yesterday, provisions were
nevertheless strong and disposed to rise h gher to- 1
day. Another liEht run of hogs was reported at
the yards with prices 5c higher. The bog question
being the vital consideration in product naturally
prices for the latter made gains. Prompted by the
weakness of grain, holders were induced to sell
later, reactions taking place all around. May pork
closed 15(ffil 71 <»c lower. May lard "Vie lever and
May ribs 2 V2@sc lower. "
Closing Prices.
WHEAT- January, 68' Act May, 6iy 8 @61i,4c;
July, 615/BC. •
January, 26»4c; May, B @29i/ic ;
July. 30i/ B e.
OATS— January. 18c: May, 20Vg@20i4c.
PORK— January. $10 3'i y ; May. *10 62i/ a .
LARD — January, *5 7&V&; May. $6: July,
?fil2>A.
RIB.-— January, *5 07\/ 2 : May,. $5 35; July, I
«5 4 71,-3-
MONEY— Was 6 per cent on call and 6517 per
cent on time loans. New Yor& exchange sold at
60c premium.
..>;;.: Livestock.
UNION STOCKYARDS, 111, Jan. There
was a moderate demand for cattle today while the
supply was light. Prices were steady. The supply
of hogs fell short of meeting the requirements of
packers to-day. Prices made another gain of 5c
per 100 pounds. The offerings of. sheep were light
and caused an advance of 10c per 100 pounds.
CATTLE — Receipts. - 4000. Fancy beeves,
$4 75@4 90; choice to Drlme 1300 to 1700 pound
steers, $4 25@4 65; common to medium steers,
950 to 1260 pounds, $3 5 0@3 80; feeders 900 to
1150 DOunds. *3 40@4; stockers, 600 to 900
pounds, $2 60@3 50: veal calves, good to choice, |
$5@6: calves, common to good, $3 60@3 76: j
Texas fed steers, $3 30@4 15. Texas bulls and i
cows. $2 40(<£3 25. . -*■« ■■■•
HOGS— Receipts. 21,000. Heavy packing and
shipping lots, $4@4 20; ' common to- choice
mixed, $3 95@4 20: choice assorted, 94 15@
4 171 2- light. $3 95@4 20.
SHEEP — Receipts, 9000. Inferior to choice,
92 25@3 75; lambs, $3 25@4 65.
HEW YORK STOCKS.
Bonds, Exchange, Money and Railroad
Shares.
Money on call easy at Su»@4%: last loan at 3Vi%
and closine offered at 3y 2 %. Prime mercan lie
paper, t3@7%. Bar silver, 67c. Mexican dol
lars, SS^&c. Sterling exchange is easier, with
actual business In Dankers' bills at $4 87 :( 4 88
for sixty anys and $4 89@4 8914 for demand, j
Posted rati»K, 54 88Vs@4 90. Commercial bills,
*4 863,4<<d4 87*4. Government bonds steady; State,
bonds dull: rauroaa bonds firm. Silver" at the'
board was neglected.
CXOBINd STOCKS.
Am Tel* Cable.... 91 1 Norfolk <fe Weal... 13^
Atchison- I'lVi' Preferred 7
Preferred :... 21 North American... 4% j
Adams Express.. .l4s Northern PaciHo.. 3
Alton.TerreHaute. 53 ! Preferred 12
American Express.llo 'Norm western. 9734
American Tobacco. 78 I Preferred 144 - 2 I
Preferred 102 N. Y. Central. 96y a j
Hay Mate Lias 19? iN. Y. ChicagoiS.ll 12
Baltimore <E Ohio.. 38 Ist preferred..... 70
Brunswick Lands.. % id preferred 513
Buffalo, Roch &P. 17 N. Y. N. H... 180
Canada Pacific 63% N. Y. New Ens. 45
Canada Southern,. 48 N. Y. snsq & W... ny a
Canton Land 60 I Preferred 24
Central Pacific .... llVa Ontario 9y 2
Ches.&Ohio 11 1 , Ontario* Western. '13y
Chicago Alton 1-3 Oregon Improvmu 27/
Preterrea......... 170 ■ Preferred — '
Chicago, H. & U ".i's Oregon Navigation. IB
Chicago &K. 111... 41 : <4, Oregon short Lino. 5
Preferred 97 (Pacific Mall ....... 261/4 i
Chlcagouas 64y 2 f Peona. D.& Evans. '2*A
Cleve<fc Pittsburir.lsß .Plttsburg Jt W pfd. 17
Consolidation Coal. 30 . Pullman Palace. ..lsl
Consolidated Gas. .l 4* (Quicksilver 2i/j
C. C. C. & St. Louis. ;3« /4 Preferred. ir>i,
Preferreu... 86 Reading 85g
Colo. Fuel <£. Iron.. 26 RioGrande&Westn 13
Preferred 100 Preferred 42
Cotton OH cert Id Rock Island 65
Commercial Cable. 130 RomeWat<£Ogdenll6
Del. Hudson 126 St. L. & W 41/2
Westerns 2 I Preferred JU3<o
DenverJiß.o 11 '/ilßt.Paui 677 /a j
Preferred 13 | Preferred 126
Distillers 15 ft. Paul & Duluth. 23
General Electric... *^6y a Preferred....;.... 85
Erie 1 4 l ,i St. Paul Omaha_ 35y 3
" Preferred SfsW Preferred 118
Fort Wayne 160 St. P. M. & M 40
GreatNorthernpia.llo 'ciilver Certincat. ... 67 Vi
Green Bay y Bout hern Pacific. SO
Harlem 280 jKoutnern K. X..... 83/,
Hocking Coal 1V ! Preferred. 231,4
Hocking Valley... 17y 2 buitar Refinery.. ]0li 8
Homeatake 28 1 Preferred .. .." 9614
H. & Texas Cent,. 1% Term. Coal & Iron. 2di/i
Illinois Central.... 931/2' Preferred 100
lowa Central 7i a Texas Pacific "V*
Preferred 25i Tol.A.A.<t N.Mich.
Kansas <£ Texas..- "'Jol. & Ohio cen.... 30
Preferred 24y 2 Preferred 65
Kingston & Pern... 3 " lol.St.ljouls<feK.a 8
Lake Erie Westn 18 i Preferred 14
Preferred 69i/ 2 Union Pacific 3i/ 2
Lace Shore 142 U. P.. Den. & Unit. 3
National Lead 23y 2 ! U.S. Cordage si/ i
Preferred.. B.U, : Preferred 934 ■
Long Island ;... 81 y 2 Guaranteed 193/,
Louisville & Nasa. 44i 4U. S. Express 38'
Louisville Ka* Ch. 9 i /s U. S. Leather 9
Preferred......... 18 1 Preferred ■6Hi
Manhattan Con sol. 98 U. S. Rubber 2Sy,
Mempnis&Charls. IB i Preferred 841*.
Mexican Central... 9 Utlca &B. River.. lso '
Michigan Central.. 93 ' Wan. S. L, & Pac.. 8y 8 I
illnn&S.L — i Preferred 1 .■>«*» j
Preferred.... — Wells-Fanro 95'
Minn. & St. L com. 18 .. Western Union.... 81%
Ist preferred..... 73 is Central :y«
•2d preferred 4H/ 2 Wheeling * L. a.. 107/
Missouri Pacific... 24y 8 Preferred 35
Mobile & 0hi0...... 22 ,Am Cotton Oil pfd. 63
Nashville Chatt 65 W U Beef 7Va '
National Linseed.. 1 8 Vi L 1 Traction- ISVi I
N.J. Central ....... 98% Ann Arbor.
n<i=iNo Bnsm
L T 'S4s.reg 108 |MKT2ds.. 58^
Do, 4s coupon... ! D 0,45.... .. 82V»
C 8 4b new reg 11 3y 2 Mutual- Union 65.. .115
Do, 4g coupon... 114 v a N J Cent Gen 5s 114
Do. 2s 98 ! Northern Pac Ists!ll4
Do, 6b.... 1113/g Do. 2ds 101
Do. 6s c0uD0n....112% Do, 30.5. . . . 88
Cherokee 4s. 1890. iNorinwesi'cdnsoVil4os,k
Do. 1897 100 Do.deb 5g.. 10714
Do. 18B« 100 lOß&Nlsts 107
Do. 1899....: 100 SiL&lronMtGenSi 79
Pacific 63 0f '95.... St L & SFGen 6s:loiy 2
D. C. 3-6 6s 110 St Paul Consols ...ISoV,
Ala Class A 4....;. 109 St. P. C. &Pa lsts.ll2Va
Do. Clas» B 4, st. 109 Do. Pac Cal ists.. 10y y»
LaConsol4s. 98 Southern R. R. 5». fßyi
Missouri funding..— . ] Texas Pacific firsts 84
X Carolina con 6a..1'20 1 Texas Pac seconds. 19
Do, 48.... 102 L'nionPaclstof'9ti. 101
So Carolina 4y 5...104 West Shore 45.. .105
Tennnewss 84 : Mobile & Ohio 4s. 65
Va funding debt... 595/ 8 1: uranaeWest lsit 74
f o. Reg - — jChes&Oss 10;>y 2
Do, deferred 65... 51/2 Atchison 4s 72 s /i
Do. trust rents st 6 \ Do. 2da A •_' -l?
Canada South 2d5..1043 / ;o HAS A 6s. 105
Cen Paclstsof '95 100 I Do, 2d 7s. lon
Den 4R G Ist 1 1 1 %H <t Tex Cent to! .107
r,^°-* a •• 87 i D0.c0n65... 104
J e2ds ;.... 70 Beading 4s 743/.
Kansas Pa Consols 72 I Missouri Us 100
ks Pa Ibis Den divlO6 I
FOREIGN MARKETS.
■WHEAT IN I.IVKRPOOI»
LIVERPOOL, Esq., Jan. 21.— The spot market
is higher at 5s 7d@ss 7y 2 d. Cargoes are firm at
28s ly 2 d arrived. ,
FCTCRES,
The Produce Exchange cable gives the following
Liverpool quotations tor No. 2 Red Winter: Janu
ary, 55534 d: February, 5s 6d; March, 6s tJiAd-
A;>rl!, 5s 6% d; May, 5s tt« 4 <l. ™ '
SECDBiTiKS. ' •
LONDON, Kn-0., Jan. 21.— Consols, 107V4; sil
ver, 30 V 8 1 : French Rentes, 1 0 If 85c
KXCHANOE AND BUJLHOX.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — «4 87
bterllug Exchange, sight.. — 4 89
sterling Cables _ - Rgy«
New York Exchange, sight — Par
New York Exchange, telegraphic.. — Par-
Fine Silver, 1* ounce — ■ 67
Mexican D011ar5..... 63V« 54
PEODUCE MAEKET.
WHEAT AND OTHEI4 GRAINS.
WHEAT— RuIes firm at the improved prices,
with a fair demand. Futures are active and higher
No. 1, «1 07V 2 @l 08% i* ctl; choice, $110;
lower grades, $l(g>l 05; extra choice for milling,
c- i 15(0,1 20.
I CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session —10 o'clock — May— 6oo
tons, $1 096/s- r wu
Regular Morning Session— May-— IOO tons
*1 093 /4 : 300, $1 09%; 1100. $1 10: 400. $1 10V 8 :
•2700, *110 Vi: -1800. $1 10S/ 8 December- 2011,'
$1 133/,: goo, $1 1314. Spot, storage paid— loo,
$1 10; spot, Port Costa, storage paid — 200,
$1 08%.
Afternoon Session— May— 3oo tons, SI lost
loo, $1 10%: 200, $1 10%"; 600, $1 liv 8 : bboT)',
SI 11. December— loo, $1 13%; 100, $1 13%;
300, $1 1 Va- - . ; .
BARLEY— Steady, quiet and unchanged. Feed,
67y &70c T& ctl; choice, 7 J Vie; Brewing, 75(al
82Vsc; Chevalier, $1 10@l 20 for No. 1 and 75c@
$1 %* cU for off grade. : - .■ .
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Sksmign— lo o'clock— No sales'. ~': -~-'-
Regulab MOKNINO Session— May— loo tons,
69% c. . ; ' "* .
am.b.voox sessiox— May— loo tons, 70c; 200
69 %c. . ■•-?.'.
OATS— Dealers report a fair demand tor local
Jobbing account. Milling. 80@85c ■# ctl; fancy
Feed, 86@90c . Tfr ctl: good to choice, 77%@85c
*ctl; common to fair, 65(<£76c %4 ctl ; Gray, so®
85c; Ked, for seed, $I@l 10; Black, for seed, $1 10
@1 30: do for feed, 75@86c; Surprise, 95c@*l 05.
CORN — No change whatever. Large Yellow.
87i /2 @iK!c ctl; Small Kound do, 87ViCqi80c;
White. 82Vi(a.85c "# ctl.   <-VTH»ouo,
MYK— Weak, wlih holders 'shading quotations.
OffertDKi arc larger. Quoted at 75®80c cU. ••:•;• ..-
BUCKWHKAT-Quoted at 85c@?sl %4 ctl, ac
cording to quality. "> - ,7 :, : "■:
FLOUR AND MIIXSTUFJFS. >
; FLOUB — Quotations have advanced 10c all ,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 22, 1896.
around. Net cash prices ! are as follows: Family
extras, ¥3 66@3 75; Bakers' extras, $3 65@3 «5;
supernue. $2 60@2 60 %< bbl.
CORNMEAL. ETC.— Feed Corn, 19 50@20 <jj»
ton: Cracked inrn. S2O H* ton. - ;
I MILI-sti'FKs— Prices in 10-lb sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham Flour,
234 c: Rye Flour, 3y*c: Rice Flour. 7i£c; I Corn
. meal, 234@3c; extra cream do, 3y 2 c: oatmeal,
S%4c: Oat Groats, 41-2 C: Hominy, 4@4Vic; Buck
wheat Flour, 4c; Cracked; Wheat. »V^c: Farina,
4y 2 c: whole Wheat Flour, 3c; Rolled oats, 4y 3 c;
Pearl Barley, 4V 2 c; Split Peas, 43.4 c; Green do,
! s^4C^lb. . ...,,..^y .. ' :
HAY AND FEEDSTUFFS.
BRAN— Weak at $12@13 Tfr ton, jobbing rates.
MIDDLINGS— SI6@I9. for lower .grades up to
$20 60 •$ ton for the best. ' ■ ■>''■
j FEEDSTUFFS— RoIIed Barley,. $16@17 i* ton:
Oilcake Meal at the mill, $21 i* ton; jobbing,
*22 50: Cottonseed Oilcake, *21.
HAY— The storm, continues to keep back ship
ments. Prices show no change. Wheat, !fß'a>
12 60: Oat. B@lo 50; Wheat and Oat, «7 60®
1160 $4 ton: Barley, $7@9 60; Alfalfa, ?6@9;
Clover. $ 6@B; Compressed, $7 50@ll; Stock, $ 6@
7 50 ton.
STKA\V"'-35@60c %* bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
BEANS— Bayos. $I@l 16: Small Whites, *1 25®
1 60; Pea, ?l-60<a>l 65; Large Whites, $1 16@1 25;
Pink, 90c@?l 12 Va: Reds, $1 35@1 40; Blackeye,
$1 75@1 85; Red Kidney, *1 75(§1 90; '■Llmas,
j 82 50(^2 75; Butters, $1 tio@l 70 '& ctl.
I si-.i-.Ds— Brown Mustard is quotaole at $1 95
I @V! 05 f* ctl: Trieste, .?2@2 '/0; Yellow Mus-
I turd. $1 40@l 60; Flax, $1 70(31 75; Canary, 3Vi
! @3i,2C # lb; Alfalfa 6i/ 4 @6VaC V lb; Rape, IS/4,
©26 & tb; Hemp, 4c^ lb. .• . .-
DRIED Nominal at SI 25@1 60 a ctl for
Niles. • .
POTATOES, ONIONS, VEGETABLES.
POTATOES— No particular change. Volunteer
New Potatoes are quotable at l@iy a c "ft lb;
Sweets, $1 25@1 60 ?l ctl for . Rivers and —
ctl for Merced; Salinas Burbanks, 60@90c V
ctl: Kiver Burbanks, 25@40c %i sack; Oregon Bur
j banks, 80@75c; Oregon Garnet Chiles, 6U@6sc;
I Oregon Peerless, 50@60c; River Reds, 45@55c $
ONIONS— Firm, with light receipts, at 90c@
$1 10; Cut Onions, 75@85c %4 ctl.
VEGETABLES— Mushrooms are in heavy sup
ply and lower at 4@loc, outside figures for choice
Buttons. Dried Peppers, 6(&10c "$ lb; Los An
geles Tomatoes, 50@76c '& box; Green Peas. 4@
6c $ lb; string Beans. ; Dried Okra, 12y c;
Cabbage, 40@50c %* ctl; Garlic, 4@sc %* lb; Mar
rowfat Squasn, $15@20 4* tou.
POULTRY AND GAME.
FOCJLTRY— cars Eastern came in and sales
were made at $5 60@d for Hens and young Roost
i era and $4 for old Roosters. California stock was
in moderate supply, with higher prices for Tur
keys, .Fryers and Broilers.
Live Turkeys, 11(g,12c for Gobblers and 11 @12c
for Hens; Dressed Turkeys, 13(g>l fie "0 tt>; Geese,
V pair, $1 60<g)l 75: Ducks, $5@7; liens, $4®
6: Roosters, young, $4 50/0,3 r»0: do, old, $4@4 60:
Fryers, $4 60@5; Broilers, $4 50 for large and
$3@4 for small; Pigeons. $1' 50@2 $ dozen for
young and $I@l 25 for old.
• GAME— Arrivals are in bud condition and prices
have a wide, range in consequence. Hart-, $1;
Rabbits, $1 25@1 50 for Cottontails and $1 for
small: Gray Geese. $1 60@2 50; White Geese. 60c
©$1; Kraut. 60c<ti)$l 50; Honkers, $2 50@3; Eng
lish Snipe, $1 50(§>2; Jack Snipe, $I@l 26. |
BUTTER, CHEESE AND EGGS.
' BUTTER— Choice descriptions are -soiree and
firm, owing to the recent heavy storm, but when'
the weather gets settled there will be plenty to go
around. • ■■ • .
Ckkamkry— 27@38c; seconds, 25@26c
<£ lb.
Daisy— Fancy, 24@25c: good to choice, 22@
23c; lower grades, 18@21c.
CHEESE— Fancy nul.l new, ll@lli£c Ib;
special marks hieher still ; common ;o good, B©lo c:
Cream Cheddar. ll@12c; Voun.- America, Il'<si2c;
Western, ll@12c; Eastern, 12<&13c iA It,.
EGGS— Receipts are not large, but the market Is
weak. Good to choice Kastern, 20C<$2lc fl dozen;
seconds, 18@19c: store Eggs, 19@20c; ranch Eggs,
21(cj22Vac 't 1 - doz.
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
ORCHARD FRUITS— Two cars of Shasta Ap
ples have arrived "and are selling within the
range. Apples, 75c@?l |4 box for good to choice,
60@65c for common 10 fair anil »1 25 for fancy;
Siskiyou Apples, 75c@$l 50.
CITRUS FRUITS— cars Oranees came in.
The market continues dull. California Oranges
are quotable at $i 25©1 60 f> bx for seedlings and I
$1 50@2 60 i> bx for Navels: Japanese Mandarins, i
$1 L'f>(gl 50 V box: Lemons, $l(g>l 50 for common
and $2@2 50 for good to choice: California Limes,
75c V box; Mexican Limes. *5 50@6; Bananas,
$](*-' %>, bunch; Pineapples, $2(g)5 %> dozen.
DRIED FRUITS, JtAlhi.NS, NUTS, ETC.
DRIED FKUlTß— Continue quiet at unchanged
prices. The following prices rule on the Fruit Ex
change:
Carload Lots— Apples, 2y 2 @3c H* E> for quar
tered, 3(£3V2C HR lb for sliced and 414 c %4 lb for
evaporated; Peaches, 3y a @4c Tgi 1b and 5y 2 ©6 c
for fancy; peeled in boxes. 12c; Apricots, 7^2®
BV2C for prime to choice, 9VaC for fancy and lo(g> i
lie 1* tb for fancy Moorpark; Figs, black, "J@'ii/ic |
for unnressed; White Figs, 3y 2 @4c in sacks: Pears, '
7c t* Si for evaporated halves, 4<£6y s c lb for ;
quarters; Prunes- 3'ic: Plums, 4c %* lb for pit- i
ted and iy a @2^icfor unpitted: Nectarines, s@6c
■$ lb for prime to choice and 6 V2C for fancy. ■
Jobbing Pkicki— Apples, 4(J£4y c; Peaches, 3@ !
4c and 5c for faucy; peeled, in boxes, 10<g,12yac;
Prunes, 4c for the four sizes, tic f> Hi for 40@50'i :
and 5c for 50@60's; Apricots. 6@9%c for prime to |
choice and lu@llc for fancy Moorpark; Figs, |
black, I!>4@2V2C: White Figs, H@sc; Pears, 6* c i
for evaporated halves and 3i@BV2 c or quarter*;
Plums. 3 ] /2 c for pitted and l@iy c tor unpitted;
Nectarines, 4@sc fi lb for prime to choice. -.-.,»%
RAISINS AND Dl'.lED GRAPES— Prices are
as follows, carload lot-, f. o. b. San Francisco:
London layers, 85@90c^«box; four-crown, loose,
3 S /4C f» lb; three-crown, loose, 2*4 c; two-crown,
2c: seedless Sultanas, 3%@4c; seedless Muscatels,
21 /2@- : 'ic: three-crown London layers, 70c: clus- i
ters, $1 35@1 50; Dehesa clusters, $2 10@2 25;
Imperial clusters, $2 60@2 76; Dried Grapes, 2V a c
%* a.
Jobbing Pricks — Four-crown loose, 3c; B
crown, 2i4@2Vjjc; 2-crown, 1%@20; Seedless Sul
tanns, 3 /4<fiilc ; Seedless Muscatels, 2%c; 3-crown
London layers. 85c@.$l; clusters, $1 40@l 50;
Dehesa clusters, $2 25; Imperial clusters, $2 75:
Dried rapes! 2y?c.
NUTS— Chestnuts, 6@Bc f, ft»; Walnuts. 7(SBc
¥ tb for No. 1 hard and 9@9Ms for softshell, fob-
I bins: lots; Almonds, 6@7y ? c ,- or Languedoc and
8i/ 2 @loc for paper-shell, jobbing: Peanuts, 3y a
4c %* lb for California; Hickory nuts, 6@bc;
Pecans, 6c for rough and 8c for polished; Filberts,
B(s9c: Brazil Nuts, . 7y2@Bc •%4 tb; Cocoanuts,
?4 60@6 ~f 100. - ......
HONEY— Comb Is quotable at 10@12c^lbfor
bright and 8<5.9c %* lb for lower grades; water
white extracted, ' 6@sy a c "ft lb; light amber ex
tracted, 4Vi@4%c; dark amber, 4c; dark, 2@3c
BEESWAX— %4 lb.
PROVISIONS.
CURED MEATS— Are quiet, with a weak tone.
Bacon Is quotable at 6c 3* Ib for heavy, 7c
*$ lb for light medium, 9c 1* lb f or light. 10c "$ lb
for extra light and 12c for sugar-cured; Eastern
Sugar-cured Hams, 110 ■$ rb; California Hams, 9V»
(<UO<-; Mess Ueef, $7 f* bbl : extra mess do, *8: fam
ily do. $9(6)9 60: extra prime Pork, $8 # bbl ; ex
tra clear. #14 %* bbl; mess. $13 %* bbl: Smoked
Beef, 9V2<JOIOc ~f, lb. , .
LARD— Eastern, tierces, Is quotable at 6c %l
lb for compounu and 7V2C for pure; palls, 8c ; Cali
fornia tierces, 6V 2 c for compound and 6c for pure;
half-bbls, 614 c: 10- tb tins, 7c; do 51b, 7(a;7y 4 c %t !b.
COTTOLENE— 7I/4C in tierces and 8c # lb in 10-
Hi tins.
HIDKS, TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPS.
HIDES ANDSKINS-Heavy salted steers, 7c
tt>; culls and brands, 6c; mealuni, 6c: culls and
brands. sc; light. sc; culls and brands, 4c: Cow
hides, aifflsi/2c; culls anil urands, 4@4y 2 c; salted
Kip, 5c f< ft; suited Calf, 8c "t* lb: saitwl Veal.
6c: dry Hides, 10@llc; culls aiil brands, 7@7Voc;
dry Kip and Veal, 9c: culls. 6V 2 @7c: dry Calf,
15c: culls, 10c; Goatskins, 30088 c each: Kids, sc;
Deerskins, good summer, 25(^>30c: medium. 15($
25c: winter. 10@15c; Sheepskins, shearlings, 10®
20c each; short wool, 20@35c each: medium. 40
(&50c each: long wool, 65c each. Culls of all kinds
about !/■>•' less.
TALLOW— No. 1, rendered, 3%@4c; No. 2, 3@
3y*c: refined, 634 c; Grease, 2 V2C f* Ib.
WOOL— We quote Fall as follows: Humboldt and
Mendoclno, 7@9c: San Joaquiu and Southern, 3@
6c: free Mountain, 6@7c; detective do, 4@6c a lb.
HOPS— Quoted at 4®6c lb.
GKNHBAX .MKKCIIANDI.SE.
BAGw— Calcutta Grain Bags, June-July delivery,
$4 10@4 15: Wool Bags, 24@26c.
,'-, COAL— Wellington, Is quotable at $8 ?» ton;
New Wellington, $8 ~$ ton; Southfleld Wellington,
$7 60: Seattle, $5(&5 60: Bryant, $5 50; Coos Bay,
$5: • Wallsend, $6 50: Scotch; $7 50: Brymbo,
87 50: Cumberland, $13 60 in bulk and $16 in sks:
Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $13; Welsh An
: thracite Egg,—: Oannel.sß; Rock springs, Castle
Gate and Pleasant Valley, $7 60; Coke, $10 60 in
; bulk and $12 60 %4 ton in sacks.
! OlL— >le vised quotations for Mineral Seal and
Mineral Suprm are as follows: Mineral Seal, bulk,
19c: wood bbls. 21 Vie; cases. U*c $ gal. Mineral
Sperm, bulk, 20c; wood bbls, 2k:y 2 c; cases, 20c
gal. •■-■■., ...-•. '■.-,• • ■ ..>: ,J--:: , v . . - >.- ',
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refinery Company
quotes terms, net cash: Cube, Crushed, Powdered
ni Fine Crushed, all 5s/ B e;' Dry Granulated, 6e;
Confectioners' A, 4%c; Magnolia A, 43/ c; Extra
C, 4 Vic; Golden C, 4i/ 8 half-barrels, ' Vie more
than barrels, and boxes Vie more. - . - -
HUP— Golden, in bbls, 15c; Black Strap, 10c
$ gal. - ; '■ ■'■
RECEIPTS OF INTERIOR PRODUCE.
- FOR '2-1 HOURS. : ■..
nonr.qr. ...... s,oßo, Pelts, Ddls.... 105
Wheat, ct15...... 34.274 Wine, ga15,......;. 18,200
Barley, ctU. ....... g 420 Butler, ct15........ 36
nuts, ctls.... " 27. *> Cheese, cils.. "18
Corn, ct15.....:...; 2,5*0 Eggs, d0z.......... 2,220
Bean*, 5k5.........^ 280: Leather. rolls...... 12
Potatoes, 1k5...... 2,586 Quicksilver, Oasts 132
Onions, 5k».. ..;...- 147lChicory, bb15.;.... 5
Bmn, «ie».... ....... 708 Wool, bi5..::.;.... 77
Middlings, a1e5..... 200 Lime, bb15......... 120
Hay. t0n5.......... 146 Lumber, M feet... 20
straw, t0n5........ 10 Tallow, ctls 240
Hides, n0... 955 •;
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET
Wholesale rates for dressed stock from slaugh
terers are as 'follows; :
., BE ,EF— First quality, sVSj<attc; second quality;
4y ? @sc; third do. :-H/ 2 fg)4c H tb. ,
,£ AL — l-arge. s@t>c; small. 6@7c lb. :.-:?■]>-$
M pTTON-Wethers. 6^6y 2 c; Ewes. 6c W ft. 1
"f 18-Spring Lamb, l' 2V 2 c; yearlings, 7c f( lb.
PORK— Live Hogs, 3y 2 ®35/ c lor large and <J%c
for small : dressed do, 6@6c ~& tb. :
THE STOCK MARKET.
The market was uninteresting yesterday, trade
being quiet at unchanged prices. The feeling In
most stocks was steady.
Ine close was weaker and prices were gener
ally off.
On the Stock and Bond Exchange 86000 of
Spring Valley 4 per cent bonds sold at 991/g, an
advance. Of the Market-street Railway 5 per
cent bonds $2000 sold at 108. Edison Electric
Light and Power was stronzer at 97Vi bid.
Market-street Railway stock was rather weaker at
441/4 bid.
. >?OTKS.
The Alaska Treadwell Mining Company has de
clared a quarterly dividend of 37y 2 c per share,
amounting to $75,000, payable on the 28th.
Ibis company gave its stockholders a bonus divi
dend of 00,000 as a Christmas present. .
At the election of the directors of the San 'Fran
cisco Gas Light Company yesterday the following
were chosen: Joseph B. Crockett, Adam Grant,
■George W. Prescott, Levi Strauss, A. H. Payson,
Daniel T. Murphy, J. Downey Harvey. Mr.
Crocker was chosen president and W. G. Barrett
secretary. - - . :• ..- ■
The Challenge assessment falls delinquent in
oflice to-day, ttt]( i t he fellow Jacket delinquent
sale takes place also.
The shares of the Germania Lead Works (capital
stock 6000 shares) have been listed at th" Stock
and Bond Exchange and are quoted at 85 bid.
BOARD SALES.
Following were the sales In the San Francisco
otocic Board yesterday; y' : ',yu
KFori.AB lIOBNINO BKSdTOX COMVTSVOIJK* 9:30.
600 AlDha 22200 CC&V..2.45|100 Occldil..
100 B 8... .87500 Eureka C.25 300 85
300 80d1e.....40'100 H& N. 1.25700 Savage..
200 Ch011ar....611300 Mono 06 200SNev 42
300 60100 Occidtl....Bß 85 V Jackt..4s
100 62 200 87 300 46
AFTKHNOON SKSSION— 2:3I.
100 Aloha 22100 CC<t V...2.35| 60 Ophir... .1.35
400 Alta 081100 G & C. 400 S Nev ....43
250 B & 8....831 60 Mexican. .sß 160 V Jac1«...44
100 2000ccidt1....85i 50 45
100 Ch011ar....59l I
Following were the sales in the Pacitto Stock
Board yesterday :
KK«irr.*R nwninv-T): 1 ?!.
400 Alpha 22 350 CC*V... 2.40 500 Occid 89
400 Alia 08 200 2.42y 2 1200 ..........85
300 Andes 20150 Confi....l.(i!> 200 0ph1r...1.40
200 Belcher.. 2oo C P0int. ...21 100 ja/
600 B<tß 500 l!;xcnqr ...07 600 Potosi 50
200 86 300 Q «t 0 54500 Savage... .28
300 Bodle 40300 55500 Scorpion. .o2
200 8u1)i0n....17 tOO :.. 53:400 S B M...09
400 Caleda 600 H<£N ....1//01300 5Nev.....42
300 Cha11ge.... 351500 1.22y 2 500 S Hi 11.... ..02
200Ch0nar....61 1400 MexiCiiißO 400 Union C...36
600 621400 ... 59jV00 V Jacnet.,4s
200 60'3000vrmn....18' ;
• AFTKRVOOS SKSSION— 2:3O.
200 Alpha 22 200 CCA V... 2. 40 500 Mono .06
200 Beicner...26 400 2% 600 Occldtl .
50BAB 86! 60 lonli ... 1.00 400 ............85
400 1000 C Point. .2o 400 .....84
400 83 100 ...19 100 Ophir.
300 8u11i0n. ...16 400 Exchqr....07,300 0vrmn....18
100 8ui .... 133000 AC 53800 19
600 Challnge..3s SOO 62 400 P0t05i.....53
2011 33 100 51 MOO .Savage..
300 32 150 HAN ...1.20600 S Nev....42
400 Ch011ar....0! 150 1.251400 Union ....34
300 60 600 Justice.. ; 3oo Utah 06
200 69 400 Kentuck.,o6 500 V Jacket. .4s
300 68 400 Mexican.. s«lis2s 44
200 67 300 68|
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
TUESDAY, Jan. 21-4 p. v.
Si<l.Anl.f<t.\ lild.Atk'l.
Alpha C0n..... 20 21 Jackson — 40
AHa 07 08-lulia 01 03
i Andes .....18 .19 Justice. .1)2 04
| Belcher. .'25 27iKentucK. .--06 08
Best A Belcher. 82 84 Lady Wasn.... — Ul
BemonCon.... — 40 Mexican 67 •■' 5^
Bodle 39 40 Mt. Diablo IS 20
Bullion 16 18 Mono 06 —
Bulwer _ 13 15 Nevada Queen. 04 05
Caledonia 08 10 Occidental 85 86 !
Challenge (Jon. 32 33Ophir 1.30 1.35 :
Choliar 67 68 overman 17 18 I
Con. Cal. Ac V«. 2.35. 35 2.4o|l'otosi.. 60 53
Cuu. Imperial. 01 OK i-avajte 26 28
Confidence 98 1.00 bee. Belcher... 09 10
Con.NewYoric — 06 blerra Nevada, 42 43
Crown Point... 19 20 Scorpion .03 •—
EastSierraiSew — U4 Silver HIU 01 03
Exchequer..... 06 07 Silver King.... 20 —
Eureka Con — 25 Syndicate...... 02 —
Gould <& Curry. 61 62 Union (Jon 33 34
Ii»lB& borcra.l.ls 1.20 Utah... .06 07
10wa.... 02 04 Veliow JaclceC 44 46
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
TUESDAY. Jan. 21-2 r. v.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Ei<l. A iked. Bid. Allied.
V 8 4b coup. .10734 — |U S4s reg...lO7Vi —
. ' HIBCKI.I.ANKOUB BHNBI.
Cal-RtCbleßs. — 110 Do. 2<l Iss 6s. — *—^
CalKlecL6s.lo6 — PAO Ry 6s. — 108
CntraCW6s. — 100 P&Ch Rv 6s. 1021,4105 V,
Dpnt-stex-cp 77 95 Pwl-st.Ri*6s. — 116^%
EdsnL&P 65.106y*108 Reno. WUL — 105 -
KACIi UK6s. 104 % 1 07 V 2 i KiverW Co6s — 100
Gearv-stßss.lo2y a los IsactoP «t L..100 102%
LosAnKlj6s. - 101 l i BF&NI > KKStIOO 101
Do,Gnted.6s. — 101 V2 SPRRAriz. 6s — 95
J4kt-stCble6sl22y 2 — SPRRCaI6s..IIO —
DoßvCO!iss..loß 108y iSPRRCal6s.. — 97JA
NevCNgßßs. — 100 |!SPBrKCal6s. — 97y,
N PCRR6s.IO3y a — KVWater6s..l2oß / il2l
NRy Cal 6s. 100 V* - ;&VWater4s.- 99V 8 995/«
NRyCalss. — 103 iStktn(i<feE6-j — 103
Oak Gas 55.. 104 — , SunstT&T6s.loo —
Do, 2d las 5.1.104V2 — sutter-siUss. — 110 I
Omnibus 65.. — 120 VUuUia\VC6s — fi-J
PacKollM6s.. — - — j
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa. 40 47 y 3 ! San Jose 75V a »6
MarlnCa.... 49 — ISpringValley 9«s/ 4 97
GAS STOCKS.
Capital....... — 40 Pacific Light. 46 48
Central 95 — ; San Francsco 71?4 72 Vi
OaIcGL&H. 601/3 61 Stockton..... — aiV«
PacGaslnip. 79 79S^ , ;
INSURANCE STOCKS.
FiremansFd.ls4 165 |Sun 6614 . — i
':''. ".-'I ". '• COMMERCIAL BANK STOCKS. . , .
Amerß&Ta — — LondonPAA.l2B — -v
Anglo-Cal ... 581/4 — LondonASF. — 80
Bank of Ca1.. 230 232 iMerch Ex.... 12 —
CalSD<tTCo.. 58 60 'Nevada — — ~C*l
FlrstNatlonl.l77 180Va! Bather B Co- — —
Grangers.... — — 1 ..^.jir;
SAVINGS BANK STOCK*.
GrrKALCo.I4IO — !fav<fc Loan.. — 1021 4,
HumbS&L.IOOO — Security 210 250
Mutual 36 41i/o Union Trust. — 820 ;
BFHavUnion — 490 j
STBKKT RAILROAD STOCKS.
California.... 105 Vi — Oak.SL&Hay — 100
Oeary-st 60 70 Presidio 6 —
Markel-5t.... 44 44y 2 Sutter-st — — -
POWDKK STOCKS.
Atlantic D... 15 a 'Judson....... — — ■
California.... — 98 iVigont. — . 1
Giant. — 18%' :
MISCKIII.ANKOITB STOCKS.
Alaska Pkrs. 97 100 OceanlcSSCo 17i,i 20M.
BlkDCoalCa — 10 PacAuxFA.. 1 — -
CalCotMills.. — — Pac Borax... 98 100
CalDrvDock. — — Pac I <fc N Co. — 80
Edison Light. H63^ 97 y a I'ac Roll Mill 22 —
Ger i.nad 10. 85 — IParfPatntCo. 6 7\t*
GasConAssn. — — PacTrnnsCa — 25
HawCASCo.. 73/ i 8 PacTA'^Co 56 —
HutchSPCo.. 12»/ 4 131,4 KunsetTAT.. 40 —
. JudsonMfgC. — — iUnitedCCo.. — Ui
MerExAssulOO 110 I
MORSINO -fVEMIOV.
n Board-60 S V Water. 97; $5000 S V 1% Bonds,
99 V».
Street-20 Bank of California, 230; $2000 Mar
j ket-st Railway Con 5 v Bonds, 108.
AFTERNOON SKSSrOS*.
Board— 2s S F Gaslight, 72.
Btreet-ftU First National Bank, 178; 20 Market
st Hallway, 44>4-
KEAL ESTATE TEANSACTIONS.
William 1,, and Frances L. Shelly to , Hepburn
Wlikins, lot on N line of Union street, 85 W of
Octavla, W 37:1. N 137:6, E 31:3, S 57:5, £6,
ox :1 ; $10. - ■ ' ■ .■ . . .
Alfred and Amelia E. Aowen to Charles Noble
lot on S line of Waller street, 132:6 E of Webster
1- 26 by a 137:6; $10. , ; •-'■-:■:.'
Myer and Solomon Lewis (administrators of
estate of Samuel Lewis) to Robert Kelly, lot on S
line of Sacramento street, 112:6 W of Laurel. W
25by5107:7y 8 : $1200. ■ • ; '
Atnes T. Albert to William C. Coffey, lot on N
line of Seventeenth street, 110:01/4 E of Guerrero.
K6oby N 115; $10. < ■ , v '
Joseph and Bridget Graham to William B. Wal
dron, lot on N line of Moulton place. 92:6 W of
Montgomery street, W 22:6 by N 62:6; $10.
Adoifo Vlschl to Viscni, los on S line of
Ger:<e a11ey,62 E of Dupont street, E 27:6 by S 50;
Henry and Ninette Wagner to Henry L. Wagner,
lot on S line of Washington street, 175 W of Tay
lor, W 32:9, 8 55, W 26. 8 72:6, E 68:», N 137:6;
also lot onSWllneof Montgomery avenue, 26:10 5 , i
BE of Adler street, NW 25:10^/4. \V 46:43,4, - H 20,
i* 62:10 1 also lot on corner of S line of Green
street and KB ; line of Montgomery avenue. E
45:114, S 54:0Vi. NW 70:3%, trust; $5.
Ralph, Anita, Moses and Isaac Prater to Lesser
Prager, lot on N line of O'Farrell street, 91:6 E of
Larkin, 23 by N 137:6:.510. .
*••; A. H. and Minnie K. Wlnn to Marie R. Robins,
lot on NE line of Hteuart street, 292:2 SE of Mis
sion, SK 45:10 by NE 137:6; iplO.
Thomas and Marie K. Robins to Walter A. Mc-
Creery. same; $10. ' ; '
John and Charlotte L. Anderson, William H. and
Lillie F. Goddard to James S. Ueid. lot on X line of
Connecticut street, 250 8 of Nairn, S 25 by E 100;
$10. ■ - ■■'..■-.-■■' . -.,..■'.■■'- _ -
James S. Reid to William L. and Jane Williams,
same: $10. >
• Patrick • and Ada Tiernan to ; Pacific Steam
Whaling Company, lot 'on NE corner of Illinois
and Santa Clara streets. N 181:«y a ," N 54i,a de
grees. E 36:6, E 378:9, S 200, W 410, block 423,
bait Marsh and Tide Lands; $10. ,
' Shu Francisco Land Company .to Matthew
O'Connor, lot on E line of Ninth avenue, 250 S of
Lake, 825 by E 120; $10. •
C. C. and Elizabeth M. Morohonse to Charles B.
de Pas, lot on W line of Sixth avenue. 200 Nof
Point Lobos avenue, N 50 by W 120: $10.
A.H.Paul to Louisa Metilbben, lot on S line of
Sixth avenue. 105 E of < X street, E 105 by 8 100,
block 120, Central Park Homestead; gift. • ;
. "J" John .1. Galvin to Alexander Mayer, lot on N line
of Belgrave avenue, 325:5 E of Stanyan street. E
25 by N 100, Clarendon Heights: $700. .-:■--,-- .
Alice E, Brady to Mary Austin, lot 66, block 5,
Mission and Thirtieth Street Homestead Union;
$10.
David Clark to \V. J. Cochran, lot commencing
250 from SE line of X street and 100 from S\V line
of Eighteenth avenue, SE 100, S\V to Parnassus
avenue, \V to a point 250 SK of • X str et, thence
XE to beginning, block 368. Case Tract; $10.
AI.AMKDA COUNTY.
Sarah H. Tompkins to Charles K. Palmer, lotsl
and 8, Cogcswell Tract, Oakland; $10.
w. X. Concannon to G. W. Fisher, lot on NE
corner of Lydla and Market streets, N 100, E 93,
5 98:6. W 75, portion lois 1 and 2, block H, Curtis
6 Williams Tract, Oakland; $10.
.H. (\ Alexander to Bianca Alexander, lot on 8W
corner of Fifth and Alice streets, W l-'o, S 100,
W 25, 8 25. X 150, X 125. to beginning, lots 18 to
19 and portion of lots 23, 24 and 25. block 39;
also lot on NX corner of Ponlar and Twenty-fourth
streets, N 73:6 by E 230, Oakland ; irift.
K. J. Brode to Ueorice Wheeler, lot on XW cor
ner of Kast Twenty-first street and Twenty-first
avenue. N 77:6 by \V 102:6, block 68, East Oak
land; $10.
Martha 'fetz to John McKav, lot on E line of
Arch street, 399:11 X of Vine; B 75 by X 259,
portion of lots 27 and 28. block 1, Berkeley View-
Homestead Association, Berkeley; $10.
Henry C. Stein to Thomas Merry, lot commen
cing at a point 200 W of the W line oi Curtis
street; thence \V along and with the N line of
Delaware street 108:5, N 135:6, X 108:5; thence
!> and parallel with W lineof Curtis street, 135:6
to beginning, block 4, Curtis Tract, Berkeley; $10.
11. B. and Laura A. Piuney to Arthur M. Carrier,
lot on w line of Chicago avenue, 52 W of Prospect
street, W 78 by X 109. being lota 10. 1 1 and 12,
block t. revised map, Prospect Hill Tract, Brook
lyn township; $10.
Fred r. and Henrietta S. Carlson to S. A. Kin?,
lot on \V line of olive avenue, 774 X ot East
Fourteenth street, W 1 16 by X 50, lols 38 and 39,
block L, Hemphill Tract, subject to a mortgage for
$1200, Brooklyn Township; $10.
*eth A. King to Frank l'ratt, same, subject to a
mortgage for $1250, hrooklyn Township; $2500.
W est Oakland Mutual Loan A sociation to Caro
line L. Klnsfeld (wife of H. J.), same, quitclaim
deed, Brooklyn Township; $10.
Frank A. Pratt to same, same, Brooklyn Town
ship; $25.
James K. and Matilda A. Daly to same, lots 36
and 37, block L, Hemphill Tract, Brooklyn Town
ship; $10.
H. M. and Mary S. Allen to Lydia S. Barbour. lot
on E line of First avenue, 187:6 X of Summer
street, X 37:6 by E 100, portion of lots 4 and 5,
Locksley Square, subject, to mortgage, Oakland
Township; $10.
Matilda Erkenbreckerto A. A. Fink, undivided
fourth of lot 24, block 5, Sea View Park, Berke
ley; $5.
Margaret Leonard to Rev. Charles W. Wendte.
lot on W line of Hnmboldt avenue, 93:1 S of
Carlton street. \V 103:2, H 44:10, E 80:8, X 46:7
to beginning, being lot 4, block M, Leonard Tract,
Berkeley; $1.
Matilda A. Daly (wife of James E.) to Sarah M.
Packman, lots 2 to 6, block B; lots 2, 3 and 4, block
C; lots 3 and 4, block D, Daly Tract, Brooklyn
Township; $10.
F. T. and Judith n. Mann to R. R. Darker, Io: on
XX corner of Washington and Bassett streets, X
I^s, c 100, 8 so, w no, 8 85, w 50, to beginning,
being lot 16 and portion of lot la, block 774, Levy
fo r ;$iboo?l3!»oo. TownshiPi BUlJject to a mongase
R. B. Darker to Amelia Sound, lot on .YE corner
of \\ ashin^ton i nd Bussett streets, X 13&, B 100,
8 60. W 50, tt 85, W 50 to beginning, being lot 15.
block 774, Levy Tract. Brooklyn Township: $5.
J. H. and L. S. X. Young to Elizabeth Pfieffer,
lot on X W line of Everett street, 185 S\V of Buena
Vista avenue. sW 38 by XW 100, portion Foley
Tract, Alameda; $10.
Builder's Oontract.
Moore Investment company with Thomas H
Day A .sons, to erect a 1-story iiuildine on the BW
corner of Harrison and Main streets- $1134.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
BALDWIN HOTEL.
i?, Bnbhttt, b acto Charles Meland, Chicago
B M Birdsall. Sonoma • H J L«?uthoUy, .Sonoma
JDutrick.MokelumneHlH J Clarke. Denver
H Bruberg, Milwaukee A A ook, Montana
(s fc Jme. J Mont •c H Johnson, Mont
H S Blodgßt, Bakersfield W B Calisher, N V
X J Newbergin, Portland E C Waener, Stockton
Kug.>ne Ryan, US N Robert Bines. Chicago
llilMi!lspaueh.staMaria J H Fannin. N V City
Eh, Long, Bntana w R Clark, Ad, cktn
KBW WESTERN HOTEL.
•?r W .- C , oplandl i* 01 " 11 1 F B Copland. Portland
H \\ ulff A «f, 8 Barbara Mi.o W Kobblns, Boston
II W Foltz A \vf, Portlnd DC Baker & \\t, Kansas
G II Abbott, Providence « M Kreiss, Idaho
Mrs Dr Weiner, U art villa Z D Buckner, Santa Rosa
1' Dahlman. Chicago L Shekianfy.Scomikaiwa
W Hahn, Portland, Or C Beach, Corvalls. Ur
R C Terpening. Cal J b J.e Compte, Portland
s McElmeel. silver City Q Mikkelson, Silver Ci'y
8 BHldacci, Gllroy
PALACE HOTEL.
C TT Broome, U H N \V II Black, USN
W B Dudley, N V T J Skillin, Chicago
Miss Hunt. Tacoma Mr Bond, Seattle
W Moore, San Jose J A AlcMurtrie, Denver
\V II Buck, USN M H X Harris, Japan
Mrs X Breyman, Salem Miss Breyman, Salem
It Smith, Oregon J N seyton, Spokane
.1 Hogun. N V Mrs Jlogan, N V
Prof Loisette, N V Mrs I.oisette, N V
S\V Eccies, salt Lake W Meklur A \v, N V
li Green, England C F FishUtok & w, Seattle
E D Bannister, Montana J J Brennan, Chicago
E F Schweily, Phila I) W Simpson. Chicago
A F Frank, Ariz J H FlecJcingef. San Jose
<• BSwayne, N V P Metscham, Salem
J Schultz, Oakland \V H H Stowell, Duluth
J Allen, Fresno L T Jones, USN
B Rosenthal, Omaha W II Shearer, Buffalo
.1 M Hays, Jefferson Miss Swayne, N V
Mrs Swayne, X V J h Chambers, St Louis
M Monson, Santa Rosa Mrs Monson, Santa Kosa
A X Wells & w, sta Kosa
GRAND HOTKL.
J D Fairchild. Yrt-ka E Johnston. Tacoma
W H Brancuild, Tacoiua B Stanton, Mont
Miss Nichols, Portland H L Chiles, si Helena
In Mather. Woodland \V H Alison, Cal
W Hmmilton, Oakland X Hushes, Santa Rosa
R T Brown, Petaluma J J Whtte, Fresno
X Marks, Ikiah R M tirayson, San Jose
Miss Harris, Kureka F J C)tis,*N V
HiU M^ Harris, l ureka T? B Small wood, Stockton
N Well. Kureka N H Kalk A wf, Kureka
J Craig, Highland Spngs Dr T Fliat, San Juan
E J Caliill, San Martin C Krickson. Sa:i L ( ibispo
F Ericksou, Sn L ( )bispo Q Patterson, sn L Obispo
J E Warner, San Jose Rev P J Van Schil, Arlin
Mrs G B Uaxweil.Wood- A L l.pvinsky, Stockton
)and P A Buell, stockion
S B Davis, Stockton E F Parker, Stockton
X Bines. Chicaga A N Millspuugh, 3 Maria
C Lake, Reno W R Gon-Aw. Springfield
T H Waters A wf, 111 1! I) Gilbert A wf, Salem
C E Adams, Tacoma J M Bmedley, Los Ang
R P Lathrop, Holiister C X Huwkiiis. Hollister
Mrs X M Crawford, Kans C Dor^ey, Oakdale
C Crawford, K a ns J T Devendorf, San Jose
A L Burbank, san Jose E X Skvenot, Sonoma
J W Linscott, Sta Cruz L J Mulstard, ait View
OLD CONFEDEEATE SONGS.
They Are Sung Again for Charity in
15alt imoro.
The audience at Music Hall Tuesday
night was in fancy transported for two
hours into the sunny land of cotton by the
unique character of the programme of an
entertainment gotten up for the purpose of
aiding in the purchase of additional ground
for the Confederate burying lot in London
Park.
Familiar old plantation songs were sung
in chorus and played by a military band,
but the energetic "Jonnny Rebs" who got
up the programme were determined to
pive a rare treat to themselves and those
of their comrades who were fortunate
enough to listen to the entertainment. So
they put "Dixie" on the programme in
four or five places, had "Stonewall Jack
son's Way" and their own Maryland Line
camp song rendered by good singers, and
in addition published a fancy programme
pamphlet, in which were printed these and
half a dozen others of a similar character,
among them '"Maryland, My Maryland,"
and "The Bonnie Blue Flae." On the
title-page was printed in colors the em
blem of the Maryland Line Association —
the flags of the Confederacy and the State
of Maryland blended.
"Dixie" got a creat welcome every time.
No sooner would the band get as far as the
third or fourth bar of its swinging march
melody than the whole audience would
burst into cheers, while many of them
beat time with their feet— on its third
repetition one gray-haired Confederate in
the center of the lower floor could no
longer restrain himself, but let out with
all the lung power of which he was
capable the ear-piercing "rebel yell" of
thirty years ago.
"ifncle Dan Emmett, the veteran min
strel, who Wrote "Dixie," is making a fare
well tour of the country this year. He is
more than 80 years old, and the only part
which he takes in the minstrel "show
which he accompanies is to lead the or
chestra while his famous composition is
sung. He wrote "Dixie" originally for
Bryant's minstrels before the war. Scores
of new verses were written to the melody
after it had spread, tut this is the way he
wrote it :
I wish I was In de land ob cotton,
'Oimraon seed and sandy bottom,
Look a-way, look 'way, a-way, Dixie land.
In Dixey's land, where I was born in,
Early on one frosty mornin'.
Look a-way, look 'way, a-way, Dixieland,
Den I wish i was in Dixie.
CHORUS.
Hooray! Hooray:
In Dixie's land we"'ll take our stand,
To lib an' die in Dixie.
A-way, a-way, away down South In Dixie,
A-way, a-way, away down South Irf Dixie.
— Baltimore Sun.
HYDROGRAPHIC BULLETIN.
Bbanch Hydrooraphic Office., U. S. N. i
-Mkkchants' Kichaxos. L
Sax Francisco, January 21. 189R J
The time ball on Telegraph I*l in was dropped
exactly at noon to-day— l. c., at noon of the VZOta
meridian, or exactly at 8 p. v., Greenwich time.
A. F. Fechtelkk,
Lieutenant U. S. >:., in charge.
THE CALL CALENDAB.
Januakv, 1806.
Tu.
W. Th.| lr.
12 3
8 0!10 !
16 16 17
22 23 24
29 j 30 I 31 I
|_Sa.
i
Moon's Pbaaes.
©.Last Quarter
January 7.
. j
4 |
7
8
11
14
18
rf©i New Moon.
>*' January i 4
IS
18
|
20
i
!
i
j /"ts First Quartei
Vi/ January 22.
21 I
I 22
25 |
.^ Full Moon,
January 30.
28
OCEAN STKA3IEKS.
Dates of Departure J rom San 'rnnrj.ro.
STKAMICR.
BKBTINATIO3T i
SAIL*.
PIER.
>aralion.... | \ aoulna Bay., Jan 22. 6pm ' Pier i
Del jSorte .. Orays Haroor. Jan 22. 4pm Pier 2
Point Lioma. Grays Harbor. I Jan 22.19 v Pier 2
P0m0na..... j Humboldt Bay Jan 22. irx Pier 9
Santa Kuaa.. San Diego . Jan 22.11 am Pier 11
Homer j Coo» 8ay...... Jan 23, spm Oceanic
Slate of Cai | fortlana Jan 24.10 am Pier 24
St Pau1...... ] Newport ..J... Jan 24, fun Pier 11
Arcata .. | Coos Bay ..... !Jan 24.12 m Pier 13
Ar»K0. ...... | i.'ooa tlav Jan 25.10 am Plerl3
Walla Walla Vie & Pgt Snd Jan 25. 9am Pier 9
Willamt Val ' Mexic0........ jan 25.10 am Pier 11
C0r0na...... «an Diego Jan2«.llAM Pier 11
F.nreka ...'. Sewvorz ...... I Jan 2B. !'am Pier 11
ABlancliar;! Portland Jan 2B.loam nier 13
Coptic China <fc Japan Jan 28. PUSS
■San Bias..:.'! Panama... lan2s,i2 m PJISS
Columbia. .. | I'urtland [Jan 10am Pier 24
BUSKS TO AKKIVJE.
Steaickb I
i
Arcata. .........
Homer
Crescent City...
Walla Wa11*.... |
National City... ;
StPam..... !
South Coast I
Aratro. . i
Alice Blanchard '
Corona !
Pomona.
San 8ia5....-,.:.
Costa Rica !
W'ashtenaw .... i
Columbia.. j
.Eureka....
Vmatilla I
North Fore.... I
Fa rail on
Santa Kosa.
State of Cat.;...
Kan Juan I
Kio de Janeiro..
Coos Bay
Coos Jtsav
Crescent, City..
| Victoria & Puget Sound
; Hum hoi
• Newport. .'....
I Portland
i Coos Bay I
! Portland
San .Diego.'
Humboldt .Bay
i Panama. . .'
i Departure Bay..
I Panama
| Portland ;
j Newport
j victoria <fe I'ueet Sound
I Hum bold t Bay
Yaoulna Bay
Kan Ult»co
Portland.....
I Panama
china and Japan i
..Jan 22
...lan 22
..Jan '22
..Jan 22
..Jan 22
..Jan 22
..Jan 28
I ..Jan 21
...lan 24
..Jan 24
..Jan 25
..Jan 24,
...Jan 25
..Jan 2t>
..Jan 28
...lan 20
..Jan 26
..Jan 27
..Jan —
..Jan 2H
..Jan SI
..Jan '29
i ..Jan 29
SON AND • TIDK TABLE.
■jIIIUHWAIKK.iUJW WATKK.I MS. SI
uarge. Small, Large. iSmall.
4.44A1 6.17P11.37 4 10.08 •
s.l'Ja 7.. r >4i' 0 HHi-il.Oi^pl
I Sets
22.
7.21 5.'
7-811 .V
) O 09l»
I l.llA
staii'Pi.NO IMTJC^IUKKCK.
Arrived.
TUESDAY. January 21.
Br stmr Coptic, T.indaey, '2b days from HonK
koiip:. via Yokohama 17 days and Honolulu 5 days.
17brsand57 mm; puss and mdse, to O&OSS
Co.
Stmr Excelsior, Hij-tßins, 27 hours from Eu
reka, lumber, to 0 A Hooper it Co. Bound south;
put in to land portion of the cargo.
Stmr State of California, Ackley, 67 hours from
Portland, via Astoria 56 hours; pass and mdse, to
Goodall. Perkins <S Co.
Stmr Noyo, I^evinson. 81 hours from Fort Bragg;
pass and mdse, to J B Kimball.
Stmr Albion, Lundquist, '20 hours from Albion:
7311 r r ties and 78 M ft lumber, to Albion Lumber
Co.
Htmr Pomona, Doran. 19 hours from Eureica;
pass and mdse. to Goodall, 'Pfrkijis <fc Co.
stmr Mackinaw, Littlerield, HO lirs frm Comox;
3500 tons coal, to S P Co. Oakland direct.
(Jer ship Arthur Filler, Rebetje. 122 days from
Antwerp; mdse, to W X l^race & Co.
Br ship Hyderabad, Scott, 171 days from Hull,
via south Shields 150 days, mdse. to Girvin <fc
Eyre.
Br ship Sierra Pedrosa, Starkpy. 139 days from
London; 18.440 casks cement, 103 ska barley, to
Balfour, (Juthrie it Co.
Bark McNear. PedersOO, 30 days from Departure
Bay, via Cialiam Bay 18 days; 1810 tons coal, to X
Chandler.
Bktn I'ncle John. Mnrcblson, 6 days from Eu
reku; 31 S M ft lumber, to Preston & McKinnon.
Bktn Tarn o' Shantcr, Patterson, 18 clays from
Willapa Harhor; lumber, to Simpson Lumber Co.
Bktn Arasro. I-ewis, 46 days from Junin: 700
tons o! nitrate of soda, to Balfour. Giithrie A Co.
Bktn Skaitll, Robertson. '29 days from Port Gam
ble, via Clallnm P.ay 10 days, lumber, to Pope <fc
Talbot.
Schr W H Talbot, Bluhm. 44J/ 2 days from Hong
kong; mdse, to M J Brandenstein A Co. '
schr Eliza Miller. Chrisiiansen, isy 2 days from
Coos Bay; 184 M ft lumber, to KB Dean & Co.
Schr Mary C, Campbell, 12 hours frm Bodega: 40
b.\s butter, to Ross «fc Hewlett.
Schr Novelty. Greenleaf, 56 days from Junin;
700 tons of nitrate of soda, to Balfour, Gulbrie &
Co.
9 Schr Bender Brothers, Thompson, 7 days from
Bo wens Landing: 95 M ft lumber, to P Heywood.
Schr James A Garfield, Palmgreu, 10 days from
Grays Harbor; lumber, to Simpson Lumber Co.
Schr Pioneer, Sprague, 10 days from Grays Har
bor; 480 M ft lumber, to Simpson Lumber Co.
Schr Occidental, Brandt, 9 days from Eureka
-260 M ft lumber, to McKay & Co.
frchr Mary and Ida, Risfine, 18 days from Grays
Harbor; lumber, to Northwestern Lumber Co.
Schr Coquelle, Pearson, 19 days from Coquille
River; M ft lumber, to Simpson Lumber Co.
Schr Allen A. Schage, 13 days from Tacoma:
lumber, to Dickens Lumber Co. .
Cleared.
TUESDAY, January 21.
Stmr Australia, Houdlette. Honolulu; J D
Spreckels & Bros Co.
Stmr Santa Rosa, Alexander, San Diego; Good
all, Perkins <fe Co.
, Br ship flospodar, Kerr, iDswich; TrubenbacU <£
Co. '
Br ship Lauriston, Latta, Newcastle, NSW; 'Wil
liams, Brown <fc Co.
Her ship Marie Hackfeld, Wolters, Queenstown*
Balfour, Guthrie & Co.
Brig Consuelo, Friis, Mahukona: J D Spreckels
dt^Bros Co.
Brig W G Trwin.Wllliams.Honolulu; J D Spreck
els •£ Bros Co.
Sailed.
I f ; ir'j. TUESDAY, January 21.
Stmr San Benito, Smith. Tacoma.
Stmr Gipsy. Leland. Santa Cruz.
; Stmr Australia, Houdlette, Honolulu. .
Stmr Scotia, Johnson.
Stmr North Fork, Jlansen, Eureka.
Stmr City of Sydney. Johnston, Panama.
stmrli:y of Everett, Buckman, Nanaimo.
Stmr Santa Cruz. Nicholson, Newport, etc.
Sclir Nettie Low, Low, Point Keyes.
Schr Joseph and Henry, Christiansen, Coquille
River. :-.»
Schr Mary Buhne, Ramselius, Eureka.
Telegraphic.
POINT LOBOS— January 21—10 fit- Weather
cloudy; wind NW; velocity 32- miles. Bar very
rough.
,":";■■ Charter*.
The ship William J. Kotch loads mdse for East
Blberia; Br bark Candida, wheat at Tacoma for
Cape Town, 30s: ship Eclipse, lumoer at Moody
ville for Shanghai, 51s 3d: schr Ida Schnauer, red
wood at Eureka for Guaymas.
The Br ship Keliance is chartered for wheat to
Europe, 22» 9d— ls 3d less direct.
The Br bark Glenclova loads wheat on the
Sound for Europe prior to arrival.
■ The bark McNear loads mdse for Sydney.
The Br ship Bedfordshire loads wheat at Port
land for Europe, 30s.
Spoken. ' :'■. '-'"''■
Per Mary and Ida— Jan 12— Lat 40 38 N, lone
126 05 W, schr Wing and W lug from Coos Bay, lor
ban Francisco.
Per Arthur Fitger— Jan s— Lat 3 36 N, long 116
18 W, ship Roanoke. from New York, for San
' Francisco.
Jan 17— Lat 64 N, long 4 W,. Brship Royal
George, hence Aug 13, for Leith.
Miscellaneous.
LONDON— Jan 21— Stmr Czarina, from Pensa
cola, for San Francisco, put into Rio de Janeiro
with machinery slightly disarranged.
, ; ;.V', • Domestic Ports.
BUREKA-Arrivea Jan 21-Schr Lottie Carson
from San Pedro. '
PORT LOS ANGELES-Arrived Jan 21-S*mr
Cleone from Fort Bragg. -
Sailed Jan 21— Stmr Cleone.
- TATOOSH— Passed Jan 21— Ship Glory of the
Seas, from Departure Bay. for San Francisco- Br
bark Darra, from Suanghai, for PortTownspnrt
bark Rutus E Wood, hence Jan 10, for Nanaimn
PORT ANGELES-In bay Jan 21_Br ship An
drina, from Galvesion, tor Port Townsend
he T nt C Jan A l3: ArriVed Jan 21 - Schr Maria E Smith
PORT BLAKELEY-Arrived Jan 20-Bark Mer
cury, hence Jan 9; schr Vega, from PortHarford •
bark Topgallant, hence Jan 14. ""^arroru ■
. UMPQUA-ArrivetlJan 17-Schr Sadie from
San Pedro; Jan 19-Schr Louise, from Han pZ
ASTORIA-Sailed Jan 21-Stmr SunolT for San
Francisco: schr Lettitia. for Redondo- Br stmr
Rhosina, for Hongkong and Yosohama
.t^r r Cofum^Vn c C ce h j r an COD ' ttOm ' San Di^
Gra T h ( ce A f > I 1?a L ,f 8 - ArrlVed 'J « "-»»» * M
for^l^nci^ 01 " 0 ** 110^ bktn discovery.
Sa:^^!^ 11116^ 21 - Bh * ™'». '°*
A^>ns e Ri a y " 2 i- Shi P Spartan, hence Jan 7. . • i
Ja^ie "Arrived Jan 21 - s Arago!
'?r SPa^SS 1 Jan 21-Stmr Cleone.
xJ* S H ARBOR- Arrived Jan 21-?chr J M
Ueatherwax, hence Jan 8: schr W F Jewett hnc
«fPn 5: : schr Webioot. hence Jan 6; schr Jennia
Stella, hence Jan 9; schr Premier, from San Pedro.
V Foreign Port's, --'.-'/ - ? ".■--'
Vancou S Y ArriVed Jan ' 2 °- Stmr Miowera, frm
. LIVERPOOL-Salled Jan 20-Br ship Black" '
braes, for Sau Francisco. p
hence K De^ l! A ~ Arrived Jan 18 Br Btnir China,
NaNaIMO— Arrived Jan 18— Ship Levi G Bur
gess, hence Jan 12. ,
HONOLULU-Arrlved Jan 9-Ship Reaper, from
Portland; Jan 14-Brstmr Coptic, from Yoko
hama. .- .:.,';' ■ .:-;-J s-.,- ■■/ ■;-; .., . -. .. . ;.-.. ,
Sailed Jan 9-Bktn 8 N Castle.for San Francisco-
Jan 10-Bark Mohican, for Han Francisco: Jan 11
— Schr Kliir Cyrus, for Port Townsencl: Jnn l3—
Ital man-of-war Cliristoforo Colombo, for I'sqiit
malt; Jan 14— Ship Tarn o' Sbanter, ior hon
kong; Jau 15 — Bktn Arueiia, for Jlana Maui- Cier
nark H Hackfeld, for San Francisco; bktn Archer
for Han Francisco.
KAHULUI-Arrlved Jaa Brig Geneva, from
San Pedro,
BlovementK at Tranv VHantio St«»m-jr«.
NEW YOUK— Sailed Jan 21-stmr Manitoba,
from London.
mailed Jan 21— Stmr Alter, for Bremen; stmr
Rotterdam, for Rotterdam.
BROWHB AD— Passed Jan 21— Stmr Majestic
from New York, for Liverpool.
SCILLY — Passed Jan 21— Stmr Phtenicla, from
New York, for Hamburg.
Importation*.
EUREKA— Per Pomona— '.MO bxs apples, 2 bbls
mineral water, 33 bxs butter. «O pkps nidse, 62 sits
peas, 2 sks potatoes, 1 keg fish. 30 M ft lumber, 7
[ bells salt pelts, 1 cs eggs, 7 p"kgs express, 1 s* coin.
Fields Landing— sß bxa butter. 576 sks potatoes.
39 bxs apnles, 22 doors. 1 pkg milsc.
HONGKONG— Per Coptic— soo pKfrs jute, 668
nkgs gunblen, 206 pkts niaifng, 31 pkgssillc
coo Is. 23 parcels, 348 pkes coffee, 115 p kits fish
and tow], '. O'JO pkes sugar, SO pkgs opium. 232
pkgS curios. 86 pkgs beans, 1247 pkgs tea, 17,243
pkga rice, 7297 pkm mds».
Overland— l 3 pkgs malting 4 pkgs •ilk mods. 7
parcels. 81 pkgs curios. 277 pkgs raw silk. 173
rice, 393 pkgs nidse.
For Central and South America— 4l pkgs silt
goods. 00 pkgs rice. 395 pkgs mdse.
FORT BUAGG-Per Noyo-263 M ft lumber, 4
pkgs mdse.' State of CalHornla-62 sks
ASTORIA-Per State of Cal fornla-62 sks
oysters, 4 pkgs express, 575 cs salmon, 3177 bells
* Portland— 44fi sks onions, 1399 bdls paper. 1140
bdls hides, 30*0 sks potatoes. 4400 sks bran. '2*57
gunnies 400 eighth-sks 2996 hf-sks 'ZIH qr-sks
flour.
Conslc neßS "
Per state of California-Allen & Lewis; GE Shel
don; FHiUens A Co; M P DetPls; Clatsop Mill lCoj
C*eo Morrow & Co; Otis. McAllister ft Co: D J Hus
sell: Atlas Millini; Co: Moore, Ferguson .V Co: ( DBS
JacobsonJi Co: M Levy & Co; Kissinger Co; A
Levy Co: Dalton Bros: il Duianl: W H Mann;
California Peed Co: McDonough & Ilunyon; Clvda
Beach; Willamette Pulp Paper Co; MB A Wag
ner: Jonas Krlanger * Co; Wells, Fargo X. Co;
Darbee & I/, .i.i i ; Crown Paper Co.
Per Noyo— Union Lumber Co; J 8 Klmball; F
Albert!. - .
Per Pomona— C E Whitney <fe Co: Dalton Bros;
E R Stevens & Co: F 15 llaizlu: Getz Bros A Co; O
Bertl A Co: Marshall, Teggart * Co; J M Moore &
Co; McDonoiicth it Kunvon; Norton, Teller <fe Co;
" B Smith <& Co; Ross & Hewlett; Witzel <fc BaKer;
Standard Oil Co: Wheaton, Breon A Co: Pac Coast
Fish Co; Dodge, Sweeney* Co; Dairymen's Union;
Eveleth & Nash ; Jlawley Bros: John F English:
Lievre. Fricke Co: Wieland Krewmeco; McKay
<fe Co: Hums, Sanders «fe Co; Wells, Fargo it Co; J J
Logic: DMcUeorge; Enterprise Brewery; United
States Brewery : Humboldt Mineral Water Co; H
B Ciettlesou: Morton lir?.va?e('o.
Per Coptic— A C Robinson; Gilbert Clement: Ito
Sotomf; M .1 Brandenstein <fc Co: Nevada Bank;
London and San Francisco Bank; Win Roth; COX
Seed and Plant Co; It H Berger; J Blanchard: II F
Smith; Macondry Bros: Robert Bain: California
Mining Bureau; The II 51 Oli Co; H Co: FK
Aimes Co; Wells, Fargo Co; W Rennle; D Vat A
Carroll; order: .1 li BodendfcCo; AiiKlo-Californ(a
Bank: E LG St«el»: IlansMuien; J »*gfrled; KA
Condi t: Parrott & Co; Chinese merchants; V M B S
Co.
For Late Shipping !■• •■ ■•"■' ■<»>»■ Fifteenth Pnn'.
OCEAN STEAMSHIPS;
PACIFIC COAST STEAMSHIP COMPAXI
CUT RATES
TO
VICTORIA, B. C, and
PUGET SOUND.
3B*lxrß»t Class dIO.OO
Second 01a5a....58.00
Meals and berth Included.
Ticket Office— 4 Jew Montgomery Street.
QOODALL, PERKINS& CO.,
Ueuerai Agent*.
O. :E=L._cfcs IST.
ASTORIA AI'PORTLAND.
$2.50 Second Class, $5 First Class.
MEALS AND BERTHS INCLUDED.
For reservations call at 19 Mont-
gomery street.
Columbia sails January 19
State of California sails January 'ii
GOODALL, PERKINS CO., Genl. Supts.
F. F. CON Mr it, General Agent.
PACIFIC COAST STEAMSHIP COMPAQ
STEAMERS WILL SAIL FROM yj«E\-
Broadway wharf, ban t'rancisco, as SmUSK
follows:
For Mary Island, Lorlng, Wrangel, Joneau. Kil-
lisnoo and Sttka (Alaska), at V a. m.. Jan. 16, SO,
t>b. 14. , -- •
. For Victoria and Vancouver (B. C.>. Port Town-
send, Seattle, Tacoma, Everett, Anacortes and New
Vvhatcom (Bellingham Bay, Wash.). 9 a. m.
Jan. 6, 10, 15, 30, 25, 30, and every fifth
day thereafter, connecting at Vancouver with
the C. P. K. R., at Tacoma with N. P. R. R-,
at Seattle with G. >'. Ry., at Port Townsend witij
Alaska steamers.
ior Eureka, Arcata and Fields Landlnj (Hun-
boldt Bay) str. Pomona, 'i p. m., Jan. '2. 6, 10, 14,
18. 22, 26, SO, and every fourth day thereafter.
For Santa Cruz, Monterey, San Simeon, Cayucos,
Fort Harford (San Luis Oblspo), Gaviota, Santa
Barbara, Ventura, Huencme, >an Pedro, East Sao
Pedro (Los Angeies) ana Newport, at 9 a. v., Jan.
4.8. I*2, 16, 20, 24, 28, and every fourth day
j thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Harfor i
(San Luis Obispo), Santa Barbara, Port Loj
Angeles, Kedondo (Los Angelea) and Newport. 11
a. if., Jan. 3, 6, 10. 14, 18, S3. 26, 30, and every
fourth day thereafter.
For Ensenada, san Jose del Cabo, Mazatlan, La
Pa?.. Altata and Ouaymas (Mexico), str. Willam-
ette Valley, 10 a. m., 26:h of each month.
Ticket office, Palace Hotel, 4 New Montgomery
•treat.
GOOD ALL, PERKINS « CO., GenT Agent*.
' 10 Market it.. Sao Francisco.
OCEANIC STEAMSHIP -COMPACT.-
--e-gEaaSfev. Coolgardie gold tteMi
TO "^»k (Freemantle). Austra-
HriKiWV.'. lia: ? 220 flrst c 'as%
(•HrO *_i_:Noi i ( m. $no steerage. Lowest
£t&Jia&££^st&iy* rates to Capetown,
JHhM^^\jo^B^^ South Africa.
SB/ r^^i» \¥*K steamship Australia,
Hf/ T*/aßt«\ \!hi Honolulu only, Tups-
.. Ik » Australian steamer,
Honolulu and Auck-
*^Bßa^^^^2«fl^^ land, ■ mi'sday, Feb.
~«^M9flW h at 2 p. m.
Ppeciai, Parties. — Reduced special rates foe
parties Feb. 6 and Id, 189&
Ticket office. 114 Montgomery street.
Freight office, 327 Market street.
J. D. SPRECKKL3 & .BROS., General Agents.
COMPAGifIEGEJERALETRASSATLASTIQUB
■French Line to Havre.
pOMPANY'S PIER (XEW),42 NORTH am
\J River, foot of Morton st. Travelers by &£sf*f
this line avoid both transit by Englisn railway ami
tne discomfort of crossing the channel in a small
boat. New York to Alexandria, Egypt, via Paris,
first-class $160: second class, $116.
La BRETAGNE, Capt. Rnpe
• •-"•- January 11 „
LAGASCOGNE, dipt. Baudelon
■ i January 18,
LA CHAMPAGNE, Capt. Poirot
..January 25,
LABOURGOGNE, Capt. Leboeuf
February I.
83~ For further particulars apply to
A. FORGET, Ag»nt.
t  ™ Fi 0 " .* Bowling Green, New York.
J. F. FUGAZI & CO., Agents, 5 Montgomery
avenue, San Francisco. .".-.•
WHiTE STAR 'USE.
United States and Royal Mail Steamers
BKTWKI V
New York, Queenstown & Llv-rpool,
SAILING EVERY W KICK.
CABIN". $60 AND UPWARD, ACCORD- >MB
\J in* to steamer an 1 accommodations WaMflß
select el: second cabin, $35 and $40; Majestic ami
Teutonic. Steerage Tickets from England, Ire-
land, Scotland. Sweden, Norway and Denmark
through to San Francisco at lowest rates. Tickets,
failing dittes and cabin plans may be procurod
from W. H. AVERV, Pacific Mall Dock, or at the
General f'tllce of the Company, 613 Market street,
under Grand Hotel. G. W. FLETCHER.
General Agent for Pacific Coast.
ROYAL MAIL PACIET COM?.
STEAMERS LEAVE ASPLXWALL Agm-
fortnightly for the West Indies and <G*SSmM
Bouthampton, calling en route at 0 : rbour^n,
France, and Plymouth to land passengers.
Throuch bills of lading, in connection with tha
Pacific Mall S. S. Co., issued for freight and treas-
ure to direct ports in England and Germany.
Through tickets from San Francisco to Plymouth,
Cherbourg, Southampton. First class, $195: thirl
•Ims, $97 60. For further particulars apply to
rAKHOTT & CO., Agents.
■ 308 California it.
STOCKTON STEAMERS ~~
Leave Pier No. 3, Washington 3%
At SP. Mi Dally,' Except Sunday. •
43" Accommodations Reserved by Telephone.
STEAMER : .
T. C. Walker. J. D. Peters,
Mary Garratt, City of Stocktoo,,
Telephone Main 306. Cat. Nay. and Impt. Co.
VALLEJO AIHD MARE ISLAND.
STR. MOMICELLO, , "'*<
Dally, except Sunday— lo a. m., 4p. m.
Sunday— B p. m. .
I vtaailiMuiaunian l, CltUk,Interesting Report of Important Up-to-Date News Items in Alameda County
AWAITING HIS FORTUNE.
A Revolutionary War Claim
That Is Now Being Advo
cated in Congress.
A SAFE CRACKING CARNIVAL.
Railroad Contracts Awarded With a
"No Mongolian" Clause
Inserted.
I .i urn Office San Francisco Call,)
(roadway, Jan. 21. f
There has fallen into the possession of
Grant I. Tapgart the will of hiß great
ptandfather, William T. Smith. During
the Revolutionary War Smith was the
owner of vessels sailing from Philadelphia,
wuieh were destroyed by the French. The
will is dated in ISIO, and bequeaths to
Ricnard E. Smith. Mr. Taggart's grand
father. certain property in Philadelphia,
iing some water front. Certain other
property was given in trust to certain trus-
tees. It is alleged that the trust was not
complied with and the property now in
question should be Mr. Taggart's.
Another document he has is a copy of
the Washington Globe of 1342, which re
fers to a bill for the relief of William T.
Smith. This was one of the spoliation
claims growing out of predatory acts by
French men-of-war. Mr. Taggart is hav
ing the claims investigated to see if he can
secure anything out of them.
CAX GO TO JAPAN.
Board of Education Grants Leave to As
tronomer Burkhalter.
OAKLAND, Cal., Jan. 21.— The Board
of Education has granted Professor Charles
Burkhalter of Chabot Observatory a leave
of absence to enable hire to accompany the
Lick Observatory astronomers to Japan to
witness the eclipse of the sun in August
next. His pay will be continued during
his absence, as it is considered he will be
securing valuable information for the
School Department.
The Harrison-street School was accepted
from the contractors, although somemem
t^ers of the board expressed themselves as
not at all satisfied with the way the work
was done.
The rule requiring teachers to reside in
Alameda County was so changed as not to
affect teachers employed at the time the
rule was adopted.
The hour of closing the High School
was changed back from 3 to 3:30 without
any great opposition. The earlier was
chosen only two weeks ago, but was not at
all satisfactory.
RAILROAD CONTRACTS.
No Chinese, Mongolians or Japanese to
Be Employed.
OAKLAND, Cal., Jan. 21.— A contract
was placed on lecord in this county to-day
between the San Joaquin Railroad Com
pany and John Kelso for the construction
of portions of the road in this and San
Joaquin counties. This is the line from
the Corral Hollow mines, in the eastern
Dart of the county, to Stockton. The con
tract prices are as follows:
Grading solid rook, SO cents; grading loose
gravel, 10; excavating
earth, 10; barrow embankment gravel, 8; bar
m biiulnnt'nt earth, S; clearing, where
actually done, $25 per acre; grubbing, were
| • ;.er station; overhaul, at the
rate oi i <f-i' per t able yard for each 100 feet
inexa feet; rip-rap, at 60 ceutb i.er
cubic yard.
The contract is signed for the company
by Hugh Fox. superintendent of construc
tion. It requires work to be commenced
within ten -lays and to be completed in
sixty. Any litigation which may retard
work is not to count against the con
tractor. No Cuinese, Mongolian or Janan
ese iabor is to be employed.
STILL CRACKING SAFES.
Another »at Job Attempted in East
Oakland.
OAKLAND. Cm., Jan. 21.— The town
seems to have in its borders a set of bur
glars wiio are going from one part of the
city to another tempting the officers to
catch them. Last night they entered the
f-tore of Smallman & Cummings, at East
Twelfth ?treet and Eleventh avenue, but
failed to secure any booty. When the
fctore closed last night the safe was left un
locked, together with a sign saying "The
safe is not locked; turn the handle to the
right." No valuables were left in the safe,
c firm did not want it injured by
burglars.
i how the safe was locked before they
had examined it, and so to get into it
thr<;e holes were bored in the front of the
safe in the vicinity of the lock. A fuse
was left in this, they evidently having
been Bcar*d away before having had an
opportunity to complete their job.
Charles L. Bell of 1316 Adeline street re
port? that burglars entered bis house last
night and secured $50. O. G. Newhall, a
butcher, reports his place robbed of a
small amount of cash from the till.
A Franchise to Spare.
<»AKLAM>, Cm.., Jan. 21.— The Oak
land, San Leandro and Haywards, the Ala
meda and Oakland, the East Oakland and
the Highland Park and Fruitvale Avenue
electric roads are all keeping an eye on the
main thoroughfare from the city to the
section east of the estuary. The franchise
of the Oakland Street Railroad on that
street expired Several weeks ago from
Broadway to Oak street. From Oak to
Thirteenth avenue the franchise runs
until June. It is expected that there will
be a great cunte.-i fur it at that time.
<i»t a Sheriff's Deed.
OAKLAND. C.v.., Jan. 21.— The Califor
nia Improvement Company, which con
trols the Alameda electric Jine and the
Laundry Farm Railroad, received a deed
riff White to-day for the prop
erty at the foot of Sixth avenue, known as
ssions 1 baitin, including a iarge tract
of reclaimed tide land. Mary P. Benton
foreclosed a mortgage she hold «ix months
a;:o and it was sold at Sheriff* sale to hcr
telf. She transferred it to the company
and as the time for redemption has elapsed
the deed was made out to-day.
Safe for Twelve Years.
OAKLAND, Cal., Jan. 21. — Thomas
Hickey, alias Harris, was sentenced to
twelve years' imprisonment at Folsoni to
day by Judge Greene. There is pending
against him a charge of jail-breaking
which has been set for trial February 20.
but it is not likely to be pressed, as should
he secure all credits for Rood behavior he
will have nine years to spend in confine
ment. He is now 54 years of age. A
Deputy Sheriff took him to Folsom on
the evening train.
Destitute Pioneer.
OAKLAND, Cal., Jan. 21.-Last night
Sheriff White found Thomas Hannigan
wandering .-11,0111 the courthouse yard in
the rain, lie said he was 85 years of age
»nd a pinneer of this city. lie was exam
ined to-day as to his sanity, but was found
;o be suffering from physical troubles
induced by exposure and lack of nourish
ment. He has been an inmate of the in
urinary, but was discharged some months ;
ago. •. >. ■
I'otiltry Show Closes To-Nig .
OAKLAND. Cal., Jan. 21.— At a meet
ing of the Poultry Association, held to
ni2ht, it was decided to rescind the action
taken last night to continue the show to
Saturday night. The exhibition will,
therefore, close to-morrow (Wednesday)
night as at first planned. The change was
brought about by the desire of some of the
largest exhibitors who do not think it ad
visable to have their prize-birds kept in
exhibition coops longer than the period
originally stipulated. To-day's attendance
was very large, and there will be a special
concert on the closing night.
HISTORY OF A DAT. ,
Alameda County Happenings Told in
Brief Chapters.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,)
•• ••./! 003 Broadway, Jan. 21. I
The office of Wells, Fargo & Co. is being
moved from its old location on Washington
street to the corner of Twelfth ana Franklin.
The motion of counsel for Mrs. Adams to
strike out portions of the complaint filed by
young Fred Adams in a suit to annul the Mar
tinez marriage has been peremptorily set for
next Saturday.
The suit of A. J. McGovern against John L.
Pane and other officers of the Pavie Ferry
Company has been on the calendar of a San
Francisco court for tome time, and is now ex
pected to go to trial at once.
George J. Wheeler, aged 52 years and 9
months, died this maminp at his home at
Forty-fifth street and San Pablo avenue. He
was "a native of Xew York, but had lived in
Oakland for the past ten years.
The Council passed a new resolution last
night transferring $2000 from the general fund
to the library fund. The money in the latter
fund is now exhausted and the City Treasurer
will not object to making the transfer.
Parties are In the city making terms to have
a six-clay bicycle race in the Übernacle next
mouth. Application has been made to secure
the building with permission to build a special
track on which the races would be run.
A young man giving the name of Sumner
Pavi's was arrested at Twenty- third avenue last
night by Officer Keegan, and a charge of carry
ing concealed weapons placed against him.
In each hip pocket Davis carried a large gun.
George 11. Vose Jr., who resides at 582 East
Twelfth street, East Oakland, has in his pos
session a history of Milton, Mass., and a history
of Augusta, Me., both of which give a complete
and interesting record of the Vose genealogy
back to the year lOCG.
J. p. James, charged by Con Crowley with
holding him up at the time his team disap
peared, had his examination in Hay wards.
Crowley took the stand. The result was the
defense asked for a dismissal. The proseoution
agreed and James was set free.
The one hundred and thirty-seventh anni
versary of the birth of Robert Burns will be
celebrated to-morrow evening by the St.
Andrew's Society. The affair will "be in the
nature of a scotch concert, and will take place
in the Y. M. C. A. auditorium, corner of Clay
and Twelfth streets.
A middle-aged German giving the name of
Charles ifchermster, was found by Officer
Cooney last night at Seventeenth and San Pablo
avenue in a demented condition. Dr. Mayon
made an examination this morning atid found
the man slightly deranged though not danger
ously nor necessarily permanently so.
A meeting of the board of directors of the
Young Men's Christian Association was called
.'as: night for the purpose of electing officers
for the ensuing year. A quorum was not pres
ent, however, owing to the absence of some of
the directors from town. Consequently no
business was transacted, and the meeting was
adjourned until further notice.
The preliminary examination of Arthur Kel
ley was postponed this afternoon until to
morrow. Oscar Chapman, the Pan Joaquin
farmer from whom Kelley took the money, has
disappeared. If he cannot be found by that
time, a new complaint will be filed charging
Kelley with assault with a deadly weapon for
ike attack he made on the brakeman while the
latter was attempting to arrest him.
YACHT CLUB BUILDING
It Is Finished and Will Be
Formally Opened on
January 31.
Josephine Woods Was Sentenced.
Health Officer McLean's Im
portant Mission.
ALAMEDA, Cal.. Jan. 21.— The annex
to the Encinal Yacht Clubs house is com
pleted and on January 31 will be formally
opened by a party exclusively for invited
guests and ladies. The annex is 30 by 70
feet and is situated at tbe north end of the
main building. It is to contain a bihiard-
table, a pool-table, a double bowling-alley,
a shuttle-board, a cardroom and a big fire
place, where members may enjoy them
selves. The new building and its accouter
ments and furnishings cost $3000 and
make the club's quarters very complete
and superior to those of any other club on
the Pacific Coast.
Confidence Woman Sentenced.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Jan. 21.— Josephine
Wood 3, the woman who went about among
the residences frightening lone women by
telling them that she was jnst out of an
asylum for the insane and needed money,
which she invariably got, was found puilty
by Justice Morris of a charge of vagrancy
and yesterday sentenced to jail for ten
days. The woman is certainly an impos
tor, but sue may also be a little wrong
mentally. If she is she combines a cun
niiiK with it that, stands her in good stead
in the matter of getting money.
Dr. McLean's Trip.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Jan. 21.— Health Of
ficer McLean is likely to go to Washington
as a member of the committee of the Cali
fornia River Improvement Convention.
He will use his influence to induce Con
gress to make liberal appropriation for the
improvement of the tidal canal. The
County Board of Supervisors has contrib
\ited $250, and the City Board of Trustees
$100, provided he is appointed on the com
mittee, and the chairman of the commit
tee has assured him of the appointment
provided the money is forthcoming.
A Big Party.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Jan. 21.— The young
men of Alameda will give a big party at
Harmonic Hall February 5. It will be a
return party to that given not a great
while ago by the young ladies of the
j Shakespearean Club to the young men.
The committee of arrangements consists
of H. Masterson, F. Youngberg, E. Ca
brera, Bert Remmel, Dr. Scott, Paul Kel
logg and Harry Landsbereer.
Woman's Exchange.
ALAMEDA, Cal.. Jan. 21.— The receipts
of the Woman's Exchange d iring the year
1895 were $1977 50, and the disbursements
$77 05 less. Seventy-two families were
Helped during the year and forty Dersons
assisted to find employment. The ex
change has had one of the best years of its
existence.
THE OCEANIC COMPANY.
It* Annual Election Held and Yearly
Reports Read.
The Oceanic Steamship Company held
its annual election yesterdaj' morning.
Of the 25,488 shares of stock, 23,488 were
represented, and the following directors
wete elected: J. D. Spreckels, A. B.
Spreckels, Charles Goodall, C. M. Goodall,
A. L. Tubbs, A. C. Tubbs and T. S. Dick
ins.
The new board of directors organized by
re-?lectinsr thn former officers, as follows":
President, J. D. Hpreckels; vice-president,
Charles Goodall; treasurer, J. D. Sprock
et <fc Co. ; secretary. E. H. Sheldon.
The reports of the president and the
other officers were brief, and they showed
tbst the affairs of the company are in a
prosperous condition.
Specifies His Charges.
C. L. Laumeister and Alpheus Bull Jr., a
committee appointed by the Grand Jury to in
veMigute the alleged misappropriation of fees
by Deputy County Clerk Henry Morris, met in
the County Clerk's office last night for a few
mi nines. I* U. Carpenter, a reporter, specified
his charges against Morris and gave the names
of witnesses who he (said would substantiate
them. Morri* asked for the fullest possible in
vestigation, which County Clerk Curry U now
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 22, 1896.
FAIR IS NOW FIRE CHIEF
The Southern Pacific Engineer
Wins His First Politi
cal Fight.
LEFT WITHOUT ASSISTANTS.
Offices of First and Second Assistant
Abolished by the City
Council.
Oakland Office San Frakcisoo Call,)
90S Broadway, Jan. 21. f
William H. Fair was elected Chief of the
Fire Department this afternoon by Fire
Commissioners Wilson and Peirsol. Mayor
Davie said that the present chief was one
of the most efficient ever in office, and did
not attend the meeting.
For several weeks the two commission
ers have been manipulating a change, but
OAKLAND'S FIRE CHIEF, WILLIAM 11. FAIR.
[From a photograph.]
bo much pressure was brought to bear
on them in behalf of Fred Campbell that
they hesitated till to-day. Yesterday an
other candidate appeared in the person of
G. W. Woodward, a well-known Grand
Army man and a member of several secret
orders. He petitioned the board, and it
was thought that as Peirsol is aG. A. R.
man Woodward would be accepted as
a compromise candidate. But this after
noon a resolution was read by the clerk
declaring the office of Chic of tne lire
Department vacant. Both commissioners
voted aye, and the resolution appointing
Fair was introduced and passed by the
same votp.
W. H. Fair is the engineer who refused
to take the train out of Sacramento that
was taken on its fatal journey by Sam
(Mark, who perished on the demolished
bridge. He has never been heard of in
politics and his fight was a short one. He
first thought he would like to be a police
man and his application is now on file. A
few weeks ago he became more ambitious
and thought he would like to be Chief of
the Fire Department. He made his fight
quietly and won. He is an expert en
gineer and has passed the Southern Pa
cific examination, but since the 3trike the
railroad has not had an engine for him.
Fair's appointment was to have been
made last week, but it was delayed and it
was stated that his chance was gone. At
noon to-day Campbell and Woodward
both felt confident, but as events proved
their hooes were groundless.
Unless the Council passes an ordinance
creating an office of first, assistant Chief
Fair will have his hands full. An ordi
nance was passed last night abolishing the
position of second assistant chief and Fire
Warden and the ordinance creating the
office of first assistant and Fire Warden
was beaten. A3 the first assistant's office
was abolished three months ago Chief
Fair is much more at the head of the de
partment than any of his predecessors.
MRS. COOPER CONFESSES
She Tells a Berkeley Audience
Why She Is a Woman
Suffragist.
Dr. Wendte a Sympathizer— A Stu-
dent Unmercifully Beaten— Mr.
Morford's Death.
BERKELEY, Cal., Jan. 21.-Mrs. Sarah
B. Cooper told a large audience at the
Congregational Church of Berkeley to
night how she came to be a woman suf
fragist. Prior to her remarks Rev. Dr.
Wendte of Oakland gave a brief address,
in which he referred to the few privileges'
which women were allowed to enjoy only
a short time ago, what a change for the
better in their behalf has taken place in the
last decade, and what greater things for
them are yet to come.
"I am a woman suffragist." said he, "be
cause I was born one, because it was bred
into my very bones. I would be glad to
see many men to-day driven out of posi
tions which they hold to gi7e way for
women who are far more competent to fill
them. I hope to see the time," said Dr.
Wendte, "when women will bo professors
in the University of California. There
are many women in the country to-day
whom I dare say are well able to fill such
positions with the greatest of credit. Any
influence which wili tend to broaden the
sphere of woman surely will tend to better
the community."
Mrs. Sargent, president of the State Suf
frage Society, interposed a few remarks.
She entered a strong plea for the passage
of the amendment to the State constitu
tion striking out the word "male."
Mrs. Cooper followed in her character
istic forcible manner of address. She said
that in asking for the privilege of voting
woman is not seeking charity, but justice.
"The logic of experience for the. past
seventeen years," said Mrs. Cooper,
"has taught me that woman cannot do
justice to horself, her friends and her
country without the right of citizenship.
"The statement has been made that
women are good and pure because they
are out of politics. It is a poor rule that
does not work both ways. If it works so
well on the women why not try it awhile
on the men? Where is there a just man
who will say that men should do tne voting
and women pay the taxes? If men will
continue to hang the women, they at least
ought to be permitted to ask the reason
why. The right to freedom and the right
to vote spring from the same origin. Laws
should not be made for man nor for
woman, but for mankind. The rights of
men and women should ever be reciprocal.
Political nght9 reserve no sex, and there
fore the word 'male' should be stricken
from the State Constitution of California.
"Men of California, it is for you to decide
whether woman shali receive her just in
heritance; it is for you to determine
whether she shall have equal political
rights and equal responsibility with yon in
the administration of State and National
affairs."
A Student Unmercifully Beaten. |
BERKELEY, Cal., Jan. 21.— Harry
Rodgers, « student in Boone's Academy,
was the victim of an unmerciful and un
provoked Hogging on Saturday night by a
number of university students, for whose
arrest he swore out warrants to-day. He
was returning home from San Francisco
on a late train and after Reaving Berkeley
station was assaulted by the students,
i who he says were in a high state of in
j toxication. They claimed as a reason for
giving him a drubbing that he had been
| paying an undue amount of attention to a
1 certain young lady fri?nd of theirs.
This Rodgers flatly denied. Without
further preliminaries they threw their vic
tim on the railroad tracK, where each took
a turn at giving him a round of hard
! blows. Rodgers blew a police whistle,
; which wa3 responded to by a night watch
man, who stated ttiat it was out of his line
of business to lend assistance to any one
in that kind of trouble; that he was em
> ployed by the storekeepers to watcti their
, places of business at night. After an hour
iof cuffing the university men allowed
Rodgers to go. He has sworn out three
j John Doe warrants for their arrest. An
attempt was made to serve them 7 to-day,
1 but without avail.
Death of Mr. Mnrfnr.l.
BERKELEY, Cal., Jan. 21.— An inquest
was held to-day on the body of Charles
A. Morford of Lincoln street, North
Berkeley, the bookkeeper in the employ of
D. P>erdine & Co. of San Francisco who
was instantly killed last nieht at Berry
man station, North Berkeley, by the
engine of the local train.
The Coroner's jury, after sitting for two
hours, returned a verdict of accidental
death.
Mr. Morford was unmarried and lived
witn his sister, Mrs. A. M. Kennedy, near
| the corner of Edith and Lincoln streets.
! The jury recommended that the Board of
i Town Trustees pass an ordinance com
pelling the Southern Pacific Company to
maintain suitable lights at Berryman sta
tion and all other stations within the town
, limits of Berkeley.
Berkeley's Truant Officer.
BEBLELEY, Cal., Jan. 21.— At the
! meeting of the Board of Education last
night it was decided to retain the services
of Truant Officer Esmond who was ap
pointed a short time ago as an experiment.
| Reports as to the work he has accom
! plished in the various districts were made
i oy himself and by the teachers whonq
i truant pupils he has been able to discover.
I Principal Waterman stated that the mere
fact that a truant officer is in town keeps
many boys from running away from
school.
Director Norton stated that the Lorin
school is badly overcrowded, and accord
ingly suggested that an addition be made
to the building. Plans for the annex will
be presented at the next board meeting.
Want the Managership.
BERKELEY, Cal., Jan. 21.-Clas9 and
varsity politics are again forming the
topics for discussion in the corridors of the
university buildings. In addition to the
candidates for the various class offices
come the aspirants for tha fi foot
ball managership, which is probably
the most important and responsible
position to be entrusted to a student.
Those who have made themselves known
p.» candidates for this position are Dwight
Hutchinson '98, J. F. Rein bard t '97 and
F. P. Taylor '97. All three of these men
are experienced players on the gridiron,
lieinhardt having played left tackle in the
last intercollegiate.
1 c (torn of Guardianship Secured.
BERKELEY, Cal.. Jan. 21.— Two years
ago George W. Blakeley, who lived at
Lorin with^his wife and family, was sent to
the Agnews asylum.
The children were sent to the Temescal
home, and with the exception of an occa
sional visit to the home Mrs. Blakeley has
disappeared. Their house, partially built,
has been permitted to go to ruin, and now
Blakeley's affairs are to be straightened
out by his friends. They obtained letters
of guardianship over the children to-day,
and it is supposed that this will cause the
mother to come forward and help in un
ravetiog the business tangle of her hus
band.
A Youngf Seaman Browned.
A sailor named W. G. Renaut was drowned
under peculiar circumstances yestorda)- morn
ing, lie was at work painting one of the sides
of the British ship Reliance, just off Mission
Knck. when he fell iuto the bay and f&nk be
fore auy effort at rescue could be made. ' Cap
tain Robinson reported the drowning to the
Morgue. Kenaut, who was Uo years of age,
had fast been promoted third mate from ap
prentice, and was to take hi? place in the
cabin to-day. He had been five years with
Captain Robinson. His father is a prominent
business man of Bristol, England.
PERSECUTING A CHILD
Rev. Dr. Hobart Investigates
the Case of Laura
Fusch.
WITH A CHRISTIAN FAMILY.
A Fifteen-Year-Old Girl Who Has
Been Made a Victim of Calumny
. and Spite.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,)
908 Broadway, Jan. 21. j
Although little Laura Fusch is con
scientiously doing her duty as a domestic
in an East Oakland family, and although
Rev. Dr. Hobart and Mrs. Eddy of the
First Baptist Church have pronounced the
cruel calumny as being viciously false, the
Jocal agent of the Chilren's Society is still
searching for the girl.
4l Dr. Hobart and myself went out to the
place where Laura is engaged, this after
noon," said Mrs. Af. J. Eddy to-night, "and
we found that she went there within a~
couple of hours of leaving the Dlace where
she was employed in the dining-room.
The story of the young lady as published
in yesterday's Call is true in every
particular. The story first published
was a cruel wrong, and to repeat it
without any investigation is heartless.
Mrs. I'rescott's conduct is beyond my
comprehension. She is in office for the
purpose of preventing cruelty to children,
and in this case she is actually causing
cruelty. If she had come to us we could
have willingly told her the truth."
Miss Laura Fusch was seen to-day and
said she had never spoken to any reporter
except a Call man. "The story pub
lished in to-day's Chronicle is a very cruel
one." she said. "No one came to see me,
although it would have been an easy mat
ter to find me. It says I went back to the
hotel a few days alter the 'elopement' it
talks about and said that 'the partner
ship' I made with the two men was not
satisfactory and I had broken it off. I
took everything belonging to rr.e from the
hotel when I came to this house, and I
have never been back there since and
have not seen any one connected with the
hotel."
The situation in regard to Laura Fusch
would be ludicrous did it not cause pain
and anguish to an innocent little sufferer.
She was visited to-day by the Rev. Dr.
Hobart and Mrs. Eddy," and yet the agent
says the society is making "strenuous
efforts" to "rescue" her. All her ac
quaintances at the church sympathize
with her, and are doing their best to set
matters right. Members of the church
who have investigated the matter declare
that "the story of the elopement with the
bibulous cook and porter have been told
by the proprietor of the Hotel Wilson out
of spite, because the girl left without giv
ing notice."
Laura is but a child, 15 years of age, and
the influential First Baptist Church is
determined that her good name shall be
preserved.
Mrs. Prescott said to-night that the in
terview attributed to her in to-day's papers
is false. She says she is only trying to get
the facts in the case, and up to the present
time she has only succeeded in hearing
the side of the story told by the girl's late
employers.
WATCHED BY AN OFFICER
Sad Plight of Two of the Per-
formers in "Old Ken-
tucky."
Chickens That Were Not the Work
of the Propertyman's
Art.
There are a couple ■of obscure actors in
the "Old Kentucky" Company, now play
ing at the California Theater, whose names
do not figure on the programme, and who
have never in any way sought to advertise
themselves. Notoriety,- however, has been
thrust upon them.
It was on account of these actors that an
officer, representing the majesty of the
law, went to the California Theater, hright
and early last, night, and having secured
a seat in the first row, which commanded
an uninterrupted view of the stage, he
watched the performance with the/ stern
and judicial air of a man who is ready to
make an arrest at a moment's notice
if circumstances are grave enough to war
rant it. During the second act, when the
two actors hold what in tiieatrical par
lance is known as the left center of the
stage, the officer redoubled his attentions.
His object was twofold; he wished to see
whether he would be justified in making
any arrest and he also wished to assure
himself that the two actors were of flesh
and blood and not property dummies.
It must be explained that tha actors,
though alive, are not human beings but
chickens. Their modest share in the en
tertainment is to stay in a coop till a
pickaninny yanks one of them into the
glamor of the footlights, plays upon its
feathered back as if it were a violin and
afterward makes it perform a pas seul to
the inspiring music of a breakdown.
On Monday night there were spectators
in the audio nee who did not leiish the
chicken's share in the entertainment, and
yesterday several of them called upon Sec
retary Charles Holbrook of the Society for
the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals and
lodged complaint. The burden of their
allegation was that the pickatininy han
dled" the bird with unnecessary roughness
and that he banged its little feet roughly
on the rloor, as well as flashed it before the
footlights in a manner that terrified the
little creature and cansed it to endure men
tal anguish, as well as bodily pain.
"If the charges made were not exagger
ated," said Secretary Holbrook yesterday,
"the chicken is being tormented, and we
can put a stop to its further appearance
on the stage. It is our duty to investigate
complaints, but we have to be quite sure
that it is not a dummy chicken. There
was a baby at the Bush-street Theater
onee — but that's another story. The
propertyman in that case was cleverer
than most of his kind."
Secretary Holbroot's officer, who at
tended the theatert last night, will report
that the chickens are alive and that they
are of the common or barnyard variety,
when he meets his chief this morning.
What else he will report is not to be
divulged until to-day, out if the alleged
bodily pain and intense anguish have im
pressed tnemselves iiDon the officer's mind
it i 3 probable that both chickens wilt have
to retire permanently from the stage as a
profession.
MICHAEL M'CARTHY'S PLAINT.
He Begins Stilt Against William Blaney
for 8399 for Malicious Arrest.
Michael McCarthy has begun suit in the
Justice Court against William Blaney for
.$299 for malicious arrest.
McCarthy was arrested on November 4,
1895, on a warrant sworn out by Blaney
charging him with threats against life, and
was imprisoned for twenty-four hours in
the City Prison, being compelled to give
$500 to secure his release. On being beard
the case was dismissed.
McCarthy alleges that "many persons,
whose names are unknown to him, hearing
of the said arrest and supposing the plain
tiff to be a criminal, have erased to respect
him, and he has been otherwise injured in
his good name and reputation and health,
and whereby and by means whereof he
hath sustained damages in the sum of ?299."
INSULTING LADIES.
H. Skirm and Philip Waltz Convicted
by Judge Conlan of Disturbing
tbe Peace.
H. Stirm and Philip Waitz, the two
agents for enlarged photographs, appeared
in Judge Conlan's court yesterday morning
to answer to the charge of disturbing the
peace. Captain Gillin was present to prose
cute the cases.
Mrs. J. W. Coffey, 2830 Sixteenth street,
«nd Miss Annie Williams, who were in
sulted by the two defendants on Monday
afternoon, gave theirtestimony, which was
in effect tnat the men tried to* force their
wares on the ladies, and that when the
ladies refused to buy the intruders in
dulged in vile and insulting language.
The Judge commented severely upon the
conduct of the defendants. "If I had been
around the house at the time," he said, "I
can assure you, you would have been laid
up in the hospital for as long as I intend
to sentence you." He expressed his re
gret that no greater charge could be placed
against them, but he intimated that he
would give them the full penalty.
Prosecuting Attorney Hogan expressed
himself in similar terras, and requested
that the severest penalty be administered.
The defendants were ordered into cus
tody and will appear for sentence to-day.
— 4,
THE CAREER OF MAGUIRE
Incidents in the Life of a
Veteran Manager of
Theaters.
HE ACQUIRED GREAT WEALTH.
The Houses of the Drama Which He
Established and Managed in
This City.
Thomas Maguire, whose death in New
York waa announced by the dispatches
published yesterday, held sway in San
Francisco as a manager of theaters for
nearly a quarter of a century. At one
time during a period of his greatest pros
perity he was reputed to be worth a mil
lion dollars, yet the wires say he was des
titute when he died, depending for sup
port on a pittance from the Actors' Fund.
Thomas Maguire came to San Francisco
from New York in 1840. He was then
about 25 years of age. Not much is known
of his early life in New York beyond the
fact that iie was a hack-driver. When he
went East in 1864 he wore diamonds, dis
played a superb golden watch and had
plenty of money to spend. He put up at
the Metropolitan Hotel, and while making
night rounds was robbed of money and
jewelry. He made a protest against the
hack-drivers whom he suspected, and de
manded restitution on the ground that he
was once a New York hackman him
self. The story goes that they refused to
surrender tne spoils on the ground that
Maguire was rich and could stand the loss.
He acquiesced in that view of the case and
no arrests followed the incident.
In 1652 Maguire built the Jenny Lind
inoraas .naguire, me veteran l beater
Manager, Whose Heath In Destitute
Circumstances in New York Was Re
ported in Yesterday's Dispatches.
[From a photograph taken in 7575.J
Theater. It was on Kearny street, near
Washington, on what is now the middle
lot of the old City Hall site. On the
Washington and Kearny street corner was
the famous El Dorado.and on the Mer
chant street corner adjoining the Jenny
Lind was the Union Hotel. The ground
covered by the three buildings was subse
quently sold by Maguire to the City and
the City Hall erected thereon.
Tlie enterprising manager purchased the
San .Francisco Hotel on the north side of
Washington street, between Kearny and
Montgomery. He tore down that build
ing, and in 1854 erected on the same site
Manure's Opera-house. In that house
many of the "greatest actors that the world
lias produced were presented for the first
time to the playgoers of San Francisco.
Maguire secured for his theater the best
talent available, and success seemed to
smile on his ventures.
In 1862 he built the Academy of Music
on Pine street, and then his misfortunes
began. The venture broke him and he
never rallied again to maintain success for
a prolonged period. He leased the Eureka
Theater an Montgomery street, between
Pine and California, but'the business there
was not profitable. Mr. Maguiri's last
active work in this City was performed as
manager of the Baldwin Academy of
Music, now the Baldwin Theater. In" 1875
Mr. Baldwin built the house and in 1876
the theater was opened under the manage
ment of Tom Maguire. In 1878 or 1879
Maguire went East and resided there until
hi 9 death.
Old timers Who knew Maguire well
assert that much of his prosperity achieved
at the Maguire Opera-house on Washing
ton street was due to the excellent business
qualities of his first wife, whose maiden
name was Douglass.
Victim of an Explosion.
Welch Hanlon, the old man who while work
ing for Contractor Perrine in a quarry near
the Seven-mile House on November 9 was
horribly injured by a premature explosion,
died at the City and County Hospital yester
day. At the time of the accident Hanlon, who
\va? C>o years old, was "tamping" a hole which
had just been "sprung." The powder of the
fuse became ignited by the intense heat and
the explosion followed without warning of any
kind. Hanlon's right arm was blown off and
his eyes were burned. His companion also
lost his eyes.
Kate — Just look, these boots are ever
so much too big. Mary— Yes; you must
have given him the number of the street
instead of the number of your shoe.—
Boston Transcript.
JOSEPH C. PIERCE DEAD.
A Former Berkeley Athlete Sud
denly Expires at Santa
Barbara.
WAS ON THE FOOTBALL TEAM.
Prominent at the State University
and a Member of All the
Varsity Teams.
Hiram Pierce, a Santa Barbara lumber
merchant, who arrived from the south a
few days ago, on a business and pleasure
trip to this City, left for his home last
night by rail, in response to a telegram
announcing the sudden and unexpected
death of his young brother, Joseph, yester
day morning.
Joseph C. Pierce was well known in San
Francisco and vicinity during his college
days at Berkeley, for among his fellow-col
legians there was probably never a more
generally popular man than "jolly Joe"
Pierce.
Prominent in athletics from the time he
I entered college in '91 with tUe cla« of '95,
he established at Berkeley an unprece
dented record as an all-round athlete. He
, was center rush on the varsity football
I team, catcher on the varsity baseball team,
a weight thrower and tug-of-war's man on
the varsity track team, a member of the
varsity crew, a member of the varsity band
and of the Chi Phi Fraternity.
But more than for his ability as an ath
lete Pierce was liked as a good fellow, for
he was the personification of the jovial,
light-hearted young collegian.
Handsome, over'six feet in height, and
weighing over 200 pounds, he was a fine
physical specimen of California manhood.
His college course was suddenly cut
short about two years ago by the death of
his father, followed a few months later by
the death of his bister. After leavins the
State University young Pierce took charge,
with his brother, of his father's lumber
business and became a member of the
firm, one of the oldest in Southern Cali
fornia.
Blood Poison the Cause.
SANTA BARBARA, Cal., Jan. 21.—
Joseph Charles Pierce, aged 23, died in
Santa Barbara this morning of blood
poisoning, the result of an absceas formed
during an attack of tonsilitis.
Visitors to the Santa Barbara flower fes
tival last spTine will remember Pierce as
the merry clown who, with several of his
friends in outlandish costume, drove a
hoary mule decorously clad in pantalettes.
The frolics of this merry band, whose
identity was carefully concealed at the
time, and in all of which Mr. Pierce was
the ringleader, performing the most ex
traordinary acrobatic feats to the delight
of spectators, was the one touch of genu
ine fun whicii relieved the esthetic strain
of the festival.
The dead man's only brother and busi
ness partner, Hiram Pierce, is in San Fran
cisco, and the funeral will not take
place until after his return on Thursday
afternoon.
RICH MINES IN CHINA
A Local Chinese Millionaire Is
Soon to Help Develop
Them.
Several Hundred Thousand Dollars*
Worth of Machinery to Be
Shipped.
Lee Wee, one of the leading wholesale
merchants and importers of the Chinese
district, has gone into mining. He has
been in San Francisco since 1852, most of
the time a merchant.
Within the past few years he determined
to be a n-iner of Chinese gold and silver,
and within the next two or three months
half a million dollars' worth of muchinerv
will be shipped to the empire from this
City.
It is well known to students of history
that the superstition of the people has
retarded, if not absolutely prevented, the
opening and development of gold, silver,
copper and other mines in China. If the
body of a long-ago-departed Celestial is
known to repose in a hillside, the miner
must be intrepid to bury so much as the
point of his pick in that precious soil.
Lee Wee knows this as well as anybody,
and, in speaking of the superstition of his
countrymen yesterday, said: "It's all fool
ishness. I'm as good a Crnnaman as any
of them, but 1 don't believe in any of that
stuff. I live too long in the United States."
Lee»Wee is too shrewd to embark in a
wildcat scheme or to invest his thousands
in an enterprise for the development of
mines unless he knows that he can get at
those mines despite the prevailing super
stition?. His agents are in communica
tion with the Lmperor, and Lee Wee did
not come to a definite conclusion until lie
was officially assured that his expensive
machinery and operations would be pro
tected.
Lee Wee, though an officer in the Nine;
Yung Company, one of the largest Chi
nese organizations in the United States, is
very much American in his ideas. Ho
educated three of his relatives, Nep Yune,
Yung Kin Song and Tou Chong, at the
university, and also procured a special
instructor for them in mineralogy, mining
and civil engineering. Two of the sons
are now in China, and the third one re
cently returned with a large collection of
ore specimens. Some of the ore from the
province of Quong Soy, near Canton, is
very rich, assaying as high as $800 a ton.
NEW TO-DAY.
Test Merits
THE IDEAL TONIC
If you desire
Health,
Strength,
. Vigor
| Mailed Free. \ mmm „ _._
INTERESTING COLLECTION OF
Portraits
OP NOTED CELEBRITIES. {
Beneficial and Agreeable.
Every Test Proves Jteputation.
Avoid Substitutions. Ask for ' Yin Maria*!.'
At Druggists and Fancy Grocers.
MARIANI & CO.,
Pabis: 41 Bd. Hwauuann. 52 V 7. 15thSt.. K«w7«k.
Lonpox : 339 Oxford Street.
1314
MANUFACTURERS TANGLED
Changed the By-Laws and Will
Hold an Election in
February.
SEVERAL DIRECTORS OBJECTED.
A Proposition to Hold a Home Product
Exposition in the Pavilion Next
April.
The directors of the Manufacturers' and
Producers' Association met yesterday and
it was the most important meeting held
since its incorporation last September.
Two propositions were under considera
tion, the holding of a grand home indus
try exposition in the Mechanics' Pavilion
and the holding of an election of directors
next month. The second was the most
important, for according to several of the
directors it involves points that are not
fully understood. In other words, they are
satisfied that there is a dusky complex
ioned gentleman in the association's fuel
aggregation.
At a special # meetin- last week the presi
dent, H. T. Scott, sprung a surprise upon
the majority of the board by advocating
that the second convention of manufac-
turers be held in the latter^part of next
month; that the board of directors resign
and that an election of a new board be
held. He explained that the association's
lirst board of directors was elected a year
ago and that when the association was in
corporated last September another board
of eleven directors was elected by the
stockholders to continue in office for one
year. However, he added there are many
members who have the idea in their minds
that the annual election should be held in
March, instead of September. He for one
did not desire to have the appearance of
hanging on 10 the position. He desired
the members, although they are not stock
holders, to have something to say as to who
should be the directors.
This proposition was sprung upon the
meeting immediately after another rumpus
had been patched up. A week before Di
rector Sprouie had made an effort to re
move Secretary Mead, Assistant Secretary
Dingle and Promoter (recently named
manager) Tacy from office. A private
letter showed that he wanted to place his
friend Professor Emorj' E. Smith, late of
Stanford University, in as general mana
ger. The plan failed to carry, for an in
vestigating committee reported that the
affairs of the association had been well
con tucted and that there waa no reason
for making a change. Shortly after came
President Scott's proposition for another
election, five or six months after the last
election. But little was said of the propo-
sition at the time, as neariy all seemed to
be taken by surprise. Directors Sproule,
bonntag and Keller were appointed as a
committee to look into the question, and
the committee met before the regular
meeting. Sproule and Sonntag favorrd
holding the election, but Keller opposed it
upon the ground that the present board
had been legally elected in September by
ti:e members of the association when this
body was incorporated. Furthermore, the
suggestion that all the members should
lender their resignations in order that a
new board might be legally elected would
inspire the members with distrust, particu
larly after an investigation, and more par
ticularly just preceding a movement to
hold a home industry exposition. At
any rate, he maintained that the effect
would be confusing and demoralizing
tipun the members of the association.
However, he would not file a minority re
port, and the ideas of Mr. Sproule and
Mr. Sonntag prevailed, and with the re
pon favoring the holding of an election
was a recommendation that the incorpora
tion's by-laws be changed so as to permit
of holding an election.
The regular meeting was called, with
Vice-Presideni Sonntag in the chair and
Directors Moore, McLaughlin, McGlynn,
Sbarboro, Keller, Currier, Saroni, Bowers
and Secretary Mead present. The iirst
ii-uttpr taken up was the following report
of Manager Tacy upon the proposed ex
position :
The office force of the association has been
engaged since the Ist of January in the com
pilation of the annual report :>ubraitted at the
meeting of the board of directors on the 16th
in>t., gathering iniormation for the commit
tee on Japanese question, preparing reports
for committees and preparing matter for the
contemplated exposition of home products.
We have secured a temporary option on the
>iechanies' Pavilion lor the ias't two weeks of
March and the month or April, but find that it
will be neoes-ary to make application to the
board of directors of the Mechanics' Institute
to secure a lease of the building for exposition
purposes. That l>oard meets to-night (January
21) and we would suggest that some one' be
authorized to appear uefore them and apply
for a iease of the building for the above-stated
time, or secure an option for thai period. The
board of directors will not meet again for
two weeks.
If it is intended to hold the exposition in the
month of April it is necessary that action on
this matter be not delayed, as considerable
time will be required to prepare for it. In
order to save time we have prepared a pros
]>ertus, forms for application for space, rules
and regulations and drawings of the building
to submit to the proper committees, when each
are appointed.
We are also preparing blank forms to get tbe
desired information for the new directory of
home products.
We think that it would be of considerable
benefit to the association to print and dis
tribute the report of the special investigation
eommitiee and the secretary's annual report at
once, and would request authority to do so.
Respectfully submitted.
B. EL T\( v, Manager.
Director McGlynn went to the support
of the proposed exhibit with enthusiasm,
and urged that Manager Tacv be author
ized to secure the Mechanics' Pavilion and
po ahead with the arrangements. He said
that space enouch could be sold to exhibi
tors to more than pay for the rental, and
thus the association would be making
money.
The others hung back, for the February
election specter was evidently before their
.. Director Keller said he was sure
that it would be a success if taken hold of
properly, bat if there was a lack of inter
est, too much self-interest or discord man
iiested it would not be a success. Mr.
Mead suggested that a committee of three
investigate and decide upon the feasibility
of the proposition. In the couise of the
remarks a -de by others the February
election was mentioned. This brought
l>:r ctor Bowers to his feet with an in
quiry aa to what was meant. The annual
election does not take place until Septem
ber, he said. An explanation was given.
Mr. Bowers looked greatly surprised, but
ma .c no remarks. At last it was decided
to send Directors McGlynn and Currier
and Manager Tacy to see the Mechanics'
Institute people about the leasing of the
Pavilion.
It was also decided to print and dis
tribute 3000 copies of tne secretary's re
port before the election.
The next business to be discussed was
the report of the special committee on the
annual meeting and ■ the election and
amendment proposition, and the first ob
stacle encountered was the discovery that
Directors Moore, Saroni and Bowers had
quietly left the meeting and a fvo-thirds
majority of the eleven directors was lack
ing. Saroni had left in order to catch the
Oregon train. The others gave no reason,
but they simply left. At last the obstacle
was overcome by the discovery that the
by-laws could be changed by a vote repre
senting two-thirds of the paid-up stock,
and forty of the sixty shares sold being
represented in the meeting, the special
committee presented the following report:
Your special committee appointed at the last
meeting of the board oi directors to investi
gate and report upon the question of holding
an annual election of the association at an
ear'.y date met this afternoon, and after giving
the matter full and careful consideration your
committee begs to recommend that the annual
meeting of this association be held in San
Francisco on the first Wednesday in February,
and that the provisions of the by-laws be
amended to conform thereto.
This brought out Director Sbarboro, who
sa ; a :
I would like to know something about this
matter of holding another meeting and elec
tion within six months after one election
when we were elected for a year. There is
some motive behind all this that I fail to see.
What is it? It would look strange to the mem
bers of the association, who would want to
know why all the directors arc so anxious to
offer their resignations. I for one could not
give any explanation. None of us have done
anything wrong that we should get out, and
the report of the secretary and the investi
gating committee shows that the association
has been well and ably managed. There is
something back of all this, and I am not pre
pared to act until I am better informed.
Chairman Sonntag gave as an explana
tion the same arguments as used by Presi
dent Scott at the last meeting.
The report of the committee favoring
the holding of a convention and an elec
tion on the first Wednesday in February
was put to a vote. Director Sproule voted
aye. A second later Director Keller
slowly voted aye. Directors McLaughlin,
McGlynn, Sbarboro and Currier and
Stockholder Mead were silent and did not
vote. In other words, the two stockholders,
representing rive shares apiece, carried
the point, although no doubt the recoids
will show that it was carried by forty out
of sixty shares. Later Director Currier
said thßt he did ,not and would not vote
upon a matter he did not understand.
The next proposition was to amend the
by-laws so that the electton could be held
in conformity with the foregoing resolu
tion.
Director McGlynn said that the matter
of making too radical changes had better
be carefully considered and added:
Maybe the members of the association may
consider that we are anxious to keep a hold
upon the management of affairs. Better be
regarded as autocratic than to have our bucket
of milk kicked over. It is all right to show
ourselves straightforward and upright, but I
have heard of men standing so straight that
they fell over backward, and it looks to me as
though that is just what we are likely to do.
Director Sbarboro again went to the
front and said that he feared the directors
were Jikely to get into an unhappy
tangle. They were elected when the asso
ciation was incorporated and every mem
ber was thoroughly informed and had his
voice in the selection.
However, after a little further talk the
amendment was carried and the meeting
quickly adjourned.
DECIDE ON A FAIR.
Tho Mechanics' Institute Will Hold
an Exposition of Its Own In
September.
At the conclusion of the meeting of the
j board of trustees of the Mechanics' Insti
| tute last night a committee from the Man
ufacturers' Association, consisting of L. R.
Mead, M. McGlynn and S. H. Tacy, re
! quested of the board that the association
they represented be allowed the use of the
pavilion during the month of April or
May for an exposition or extiibition of
manufacturers and producers' wares.
Mr, Mead stated that the manufacturers
i did not desire to conflict with the Me
: chanics' Institute in any respect, but that
j they hoped that the exposition they
! intended to give would prove a forerunner
■ of a series of expositions given by manu
j facturers and producers in this City, and
j also in the cities throughout the State.
The bjard went into executive session
; and decided to refuse the request of the
committee. They also decided fo hold a
! fair in the pavilion, heginnintr September
1 and ending October 3. They stated as a
reason for not granting the request of the
! outside committee that their own arrange
; ments would be interfered with by an
! other fair and it would work inharmoni
| ousiy for botn the institute and the manu
| facturers.
FOR A PUBLIC MARKET.
The Merchants' Association's Special
Committee at "Work on the Subject.
The special committee of the Merchants'
I Association having under consiaeration
| the project of establishing a free market,
in this City held a meeting yesterday and
considered the subject-matter discussed at
the last meeting. On that occasion W. H.
Mills, E. F. Adams, V\*. P. Rowley and
j others favored the establishment of such
ian institution. The committee decided
' that it is clearly evident that a free mar
ket is a necessity and will be of great ben
efit to the producer and consumer. It was
further decided to recommend the accept
ance of the Harbor Commissioners' offer
; of a place for a market on the water front.
i It was held that this would do for a begin
: ning, and it is hoped, that in time it will
I be used more as a distributing point for
' other public markets to be placed in dif
ferent parts of the City.
This is the substance of the report that
will be submitted to the association at the
meeting Thursday night. It will also be
recommended that the association give an
1 opportunity to those who oppose a public
market to be heard, and to any property
owners north and south of Market street
: who have desirable lots for free markets,
and who wish to lease the land.
Secretary J. R. Freud was instructed to
write to the Mayors of New York, Wash
ington, Boston and Baltimore for conies
ot their rules governing their public mar
kets.
Contesting Her Son's Will.
Margaret M. Latson has filed a contest of the
will of her deceased son, Frank L. Latson, on
the ground that the one offered for probate is
not the lnst will.
After her son's death a will dated January
12, 1884, was filed with the County Clerk.
This will left all his property to his wife. The
claim is made that i:i February, 1884. a second
will was executed, by which a good portion of
his estate was left to his mother. The contest
was therefore fileti.
In Germany a merchant was recently
fined neavily for Using a quotation from
the Bible at the head of an advertisement.
3AN FRANCISCO "CALL,"
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco Cam^
710 Market street, open until 12 o'clock every
Dignt in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES-630 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:3o o'clock.
830 Hayes street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
713 Lnrkln street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
SW. corner Sixteenth and Mission streets, open
■mil 9 o'clock.
SQIB Mission street, open until 9 o'clock.
110 Ninth street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
NOTICE- OF BIivETJ:SG:».\
|K2S» EXCELSIOR I.m[)!;i:. Ka l«e! a
; I**** F. and A. M — Special meeting THIS jfl\
(WEDNESDAY) V ••. SING, January 22,
at 7:30 o'clock. Second decree. * /^A
! ■■ ■'!->■-< THEO. E. SMITH, Secretary.
i 5K3p MOUNT MORIAH LODGE NO. ft
•-*-»' 44, F. and A. M. — Meeting THIS Jk
(WEDNESDAY) EVENING, iat 7:30y V
o'clock. Third degree. r%y\
! THEO. FROLICH, Secretary.
J£_2p MISSION LODGE NO. 169, F. ft
; &-& and A. M. — Called meeting THIS £&
(WEDNESDAY) EVENING, at 7:30 - _TV
o'clock. Third degree. -By orler of the/VN
W. M. C. D. BUNKER, Secretary.
|Krs= KNIGHTS OF "THE RED _l
Gb^£»' Branch — The committee having in / .
! charge the celebration of ROBERT i -M-4rS^i
WET'S birthday and the reception of HON.^W*'
! JOHN h\ FINNERTY of Chicago on the 4th of
| March will meet THIS EVENING at K. R. B. Hall.
■_3K=» "A NICHT Wl' BURNS"— v c_-"C"
: ft** 7 The St. Andrew's Sodet" will ;3y, fiiS?)
I celebrate the one hundred Mnd thirty-^Kj**r#l»
seventh anniversary of the birth of
: ROBERT BURNS by a literary entertainment
and social dance at .Scottish Hall FRIDAY
i EVENING, January 24. Selections from Burns'
' songs by prominent vocalists. Address by the
Rev. H. C. Mlnton, D.D. Admission 25c, cloak-
rooms free. ANDREW WILKIE, President.
W. C. Cook. Secretary.
S_^_s= ALL WHO FAVOR GOVERNMENT
i I*--** 7 ownership of railroads ari» invited to attend
the great muss-meet to be held in Metropolitan
Temple next THURSDAY NIGHT, January 23,
at B o'clock. Able and well-known speakers will
] address the meeting. Ladles special 1 }- invited.
»T_S=~THE REGULAR ANNUAL MEETING
<-»**' of the stockhalder* of the B'n«i B'rith Hall
Association will be held at the office of the associa-
tion, J2l Eddy st., Snn Francisco. Cal., on the 32ih
day or February, 1896. at 8 o'clock p. m., for the
I purpose of electing a board of directors to serve for
j the ensuing year and for the transaction of such
other business as may come before the meeting.
JACOB LEVlso;-;. Secretary.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 22, ISOC.
MEETING NOTICES-Contlnned.
EE2S» THE REGULAR ANNUAL MEETING
VISAS' of the stockholders of the National Ice
Company will be held at the office of the company,
327 Market street, San Francisco, •• Cal., on
WEDNESDAY, February 6, 1896, at 11 o'clock
a. m., for the purpose of electing a Board of Direc-
tors to serve for the ensuing year and for the trans-
action of such other business as may come before
the meeting. . J. T. DONAHUE, (secretary.
rarr^> PRESIDIO and FERRIES R. R. CO.—
SS^-^ The regular annual meeting of the stock-
holders of the Presidio and Ferries Railroad Com-
pany will be held at the otlice of the company, 1111
Union street, corner Sharp's nlace, San Francisco,
Cal., on Friday, the twenty-fourth (24th) day of
January, 1896, at the hour of 2 o'clock p. m., for
the purpose of electing seven directors to serve •
during the ensuing year, and the transaction of
such other business as may properly come before
the meeting. Tratisfer books will close on Tuesday,
January 14, at 2 o'clock p. m.
JOHN B. LEIGHTON, Secretary,
office— llll Union st., corner Sharp's place, San
Francisco, Cal. ■ ■
SPECIAL., NOTICES.
tj^ orTiTaiTs a~nd half^
I*-** orphans that were received into Bt. Francis
Girls' Directory Orphan Asylum since the last pub-
lication are as follows: Orphans— Amly Subaner,
aged 10 yrs.; Agnes Ash, 2 yrs.: Nellie Dixon, 5
yr-.; Margaret Biuhnell, 12 yr-t.; Agnes Terry, 1
yr.; Mary Ambrose, 10 days; Kosie Morris, 10 yrs.
Half-orphans— Maggie Sanchez, 9 yrs.; Susie San-
chez, 8 yra.; Lillian Leakey, 6 yrs. : Meta Heeb, 2
yrs.; Jennie Reeb, 9 yrs.; Roy Nevis, 5 yrs.; Nel-
lie Nevis, 7 yrs.; Mary Liston. 9 yrs.; Carrie
Myers, 10 yrs.; Elsie Eisner, 2 yrs.; Margaret
Eisner. 6 mos. ; Annie Miller, 2 yrs.; Josephine
Miller, 1 vr. : Mary Pancratic, 1 yr. ; Mary Snow-
enburg. 9 yrs. ; Ver.i MarKs, 4 yrs. ; Agnes Muse,
11 yrs.; Nellie Lenard, 11 yrs.; Vergil Lenard. 10
yrs.: Henry Lenard, 3 yrs.; Joseph Haley, 8 yrs.;
Thomas Haley, 2 yrs. ; Lucretia Lenard, 6 yrs.;
Walter Lenard, 7 yrs.; Wiiliam white, 2 wks.;
Peter Haley, 6 yrs. ; Mary Jackson, 1 yr. ; Louise
Digner, 6 yrs.; Joseph Catchman. 4 yrs.; Laura
Catchman, 9 yrs.; Agnes Catchman, 5 yrs. : Irene
Catchuiau. 7 yrs. ; Agnes Lefevere, 9 yrs.; Gastina -
Montonia," 2 yrs.; Johnny Rice, 7 yrs.: George*
Snowenberg, 7 yrs.; Joseph Snowenberg, 8 yr*
Abandoned children— Lizzie Donlou, 3 yrs.; Mary
Donlon, 9 yrs.
jjjPSF" CORNS REMOVED WITHOUT KNIFE.
>£■•& Chiropodlc Institute, room 11, 906 Market.
EtTaS 3 MRS. WALLACE, 109 POWELL ST.,
ab~s? room 23 ; genuine magnetic treatment.
CfcSgp* MRS. ROBB, 1035 MARKET ST., ROOM
15^6* 8, second floor; genuine massage treatment.
3£^g=' BAD TENANTS EJECTED FOR ft
m*^ Collections made, city or country. Pacific
Collection Co., 415 Montgy St., room 6, Tel. 6580.
n^s= CORNS, INGROWING NAILS, SUCCESS-
Iarks' fully treated. DR. LLOYD. Lurline Baths.
Ifcsap WINDOWS CLEANED AND FLOORS
"-■^ scrubbed: reasonable rates: payment for
damages guaranteed. C. ROSSI <fc CO., 242 Sutter.
ffir^sp ROOMS WHITENED, fl UP: PAPER-
I-g^y edS3 50 un. 817^ Third. George Hartman.
fiFgp A WEEK'S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS— THK
I*-*' WEEKIV CALL, in wrapper, for mailing.
SITUATIONS WASTED- FEMALE.
SCANDINAVIAN AND GERMAN COOKS,
O second girls, nurses and general housework
girls. with references, want situations, city and
country, at C. B. HANSEN <fe CO.'S, 110 Geary st.,
phone Grant 185.
\- EAT GIRL WISHES SITUATION IN PRf-
XI vate family to do general housework ; is a goo 1 .
cook; can make nice bread ; reference. Please call
325 Franklin St.
pOMPETENT ENGLISH COOK (MIDDLE
\J aged) wishes situation in neat family; city or
country; good laundress; moderate wages. Call
159 Third st. '.-r-r-r-vi'S'-'k^i
A MERICAN WOMAN WILL TAKE PLACE
-cV of light housework at $8 a month, with adults
only; or SI a day. 906 Stockton St., room 4.'
T?LDERLY LADY, CITY OR COUNTRY, FOR
JLJ housework: $10 or $12 a month. Call 314
Jessie sU. off Fourth.
IDDLE-AGKD WOMAN WANTS A SITUA-
tion as cook, do general housework or take
care of Infant: no objection to country. Address
606 Folsom St., room 5.
} EXPERIENCED NURSE and SEAMSTRESS
Ij wishes, a situation; can take entire charge of ;
Infant from birth: also care of invalids: best of
city references; would assist with chamberwork.
Address 8., box 80, Call Ullice.
ITUATION WANTED AS COOK, OB TO GO
kj out by the day: understands Jewish or German
cooking; best references given. Address or call
739 Vnllejo st.
pcMPKTENT YOUNG WOMAN WISHES A
\J situation to do housework good cook and
laundress: city or country. 206 Fifth; no postals.
COTCH WOMAN WISHES SITUATION AS
* first-class cook or general housework: city or
country; references given. 783 Mission st.
VTCBsEGIKIj. SPEAKS GERMAN, WISHES
-li situation. Address G. I)., box 28; Call Oflice.
Lr A BLE WOMAN WISHES SITUATION;
XV good cook and will do licht housework; city or
sliort distance In country; moderate wages. L'T'o
Fourth st.
yj I 1 A TION WANTED BY YOUNG LADY
O from the East to do light housework and plain
sewing: wages $15; will sleep home. Address A.,
box 8, this ollice.
0 THOROUGHLY COMPETENT NORWEGIAN
— girls would like situations: one for cooking and
downstairs work and one upstairs work and sew-
ing or general housework. Call or address 6 Wash-
ington st.
VV>M A N W ITHIfY A I> C H I L D WANTS
»< situation as working housekeeper or cooking-
no objection to country. MRS. M. E. PIERCE,
Cal. College, East Oakland, Cal.
■yoUNG GIRL WISHES A PLACE TO DO
X general housework and cooking; is neat, willing
and obliging. Please call 1723 Market st., grocery.
FIRST-CLASS FITTER, bTYLISH DRAPER
X and designer; thorough dressmaker; by the
day. MISS WARWICK, American Exchange
.Hotel.
CIULTURED LADY WITH EASTERN CKR-
\J tlticate wishes engagements as teacher of his-
tory, literature, mythology an I music; unexcep-
tional references. Call or address .1.E., care of
Sherman, Clay & Co.. cor, sutter and Kearny sts.
■\TEAT UIRLJ CAN SPEAK GERMAN,
-L> wishes situation at counter in bakery. Call
1140 Stevenson st., near Ridley.
DRES.HMAKEK — FIRST-CLaSS CUTTER
XJ and fitter desires engagements at $1 25 a day
satisfaction guaranteed . Address B. 11. A., box 2 - 8
Call Office.
QU ANDJ N AVIAN GIRL DESIRES SITUA-
O tlon for general housework. Apply 23 Perry st.
]>> I I.NKH MARRIED WOMAN DESIRES
X\i situation as housekeeper. 503 Post st., room 2.
SWEDISH GIRL WANTS A PLACE TO DO
O general housework. Call 924 Natom., nr. 10th.
QITUATION WANTED BY A YOUNG GIRL
O to assist in housework. 346 Fourth st.
yuUXG GERMAN GIRI, WANTS A PLACE
X to do general- housework; wages *15. Call at
83 Event st.
oMa.n WANTS PLACE AS WORKING
»» housekeeper, light housework or assist with
chamber-work in hotel or lodging-house; small
wages. Call, after 11 o'clock, 126 Fourth st., room
3, first floor.
11 UATION WANTED BY AN EXPERl-
enced girl for general housework; best city
reference; wages not less than $26. Call or ad-
dress 1205 Laguna st.
VIIDDLE-AGED WOMAN WISHES SITUA-
I'i- tion to do general housework and too- ing.
call or address 1722 Lexington aye., bet. Eigh-
teenth and Nineteenth ats.
A' o V ( i ' GIRL WANTS A PLACE TO TAKE
X care of a child and do upstairs work ; willing and
obliging. Call or address 531 '/2 Bryant st.
S" TfUATION WANTED BY A PROTESTANT
O Canadian woman in American family; good
cook; can give reference. Call 1013 V 2 I, an: in si. |
pOMPETENT WOMAN WANTS WORK BY !
\J the day washing, ironing, cleaning, or will i
wash flannels home. MRS. ALLEN, 427 Steven- i
son st., near Fifth, rear.
SITUATION WANTED BY A WILLING GER~
man girl to do general houseuork. Apply at
428 Chestnut St., in toe rear.
"Y"<iUlsG LADY WISHES SITUA.TI.iN IN Ho-
X tel as cook; city or country. 150 Fourth st .
room 29, S. F. .
Gil DATION WANTED AS WORKING
O hojsekceper; references. Apply 427 Grove st.
"1 a !>y WISHES POSITION AS HOUSEKEEl 1 -
XJ er or plain sewing. Apply 21 Turk st., room 28.
"yOUNG GERMAN-GIRL WANTS POSITION
X in American family to assist In housework or
mind children; Oakland preferred. 1384 Six-
teenth st., Oakland.
QITUATION WANTED BY AN ELDERLY
O Scotch woman to do housework or cooking; no
Objection to a large family; city or country. Call
or address for 3 days 62 Natorna st.
SITUATIONS WANTED BT 9 SWEDISH
O girls to do cooking and general housework-
good references; $25. Hi/2 Antonia st., off Jones',
near Ellis.
GERMAN WOMAN WISHES a place TO
VJ do housework or as housekeeper; or coun-
try; SfB to $10 a month. 11l Twenty-sixth st.,
near Mission; Mission Hotel. .
EXPERIENCED" YOUNG WIDOW DESIRES
J-i^ood place as housekeeper. 105 Stockton, rm.22.
EXPERIENCED MIDDLE-AGED GERMAN
XJ lady desires position as housekeeper; excellent
cook. H. X.. box 4, Call. _^
p OOD GERMAN GIRL WANTS SITUATION
VI as a good cook; references. Inquire at 617
Sacramento St. ■ :. r - .
pOMPETENT WOMAN WISHES SITUATION
V.' for downstairs or would assist, in light house-
work. Address 27 Oak st.
A • OUNG~WOMAN~"WOULD LIKE POSITION
X in lodging-house or assist in hotel;' good. refer-
ences. Address s.. box 67. call. ■ •
"YOUNG LADY, AGE 30. WISHES POSI-
x tlon as nurse. Address Nurse, box 77, Call. -
SITUATION WANTED TO DO SECOND^
work by reliable girl; wages «20. Call or ad-
dress 601 Bro:lenck sr.
I ADY WOULD LIKE TO. TEACH SMALL
Xj children. Address L. M., box 107, Call.
YOUNG COLORED WOMAN WISHES POSli
X tlon to do general housework ; live years' city
reference. Call 522 Powell st.
SITUATION WANTED BY RELIABLE GIRL
to do upstairs work or assist in general house-
work. Call or address 146 Hancock st. |
•WANTKD-Contlnued.
yOUNG WIDOW IS WISHING POSITION AS
-L working housekeeper; is capable of taking
entire charge of any private house; is a good
American cook and seamstress, and Is not afraid
of work; country preferred; tine references from
present employers. Address W. H., box 54. Call.
\i IDDLE-AGED LADY EXPERIENCED IN
J-tx all kind-, of work wants position, city or coun-
try. Address 297 Clementina st,
0 TEADY, RELIABLE YOUNG WOMAN
>*-> wishes a situation in a family as seamstress;
can cut and lit. 602 Post st.
WANTED-LADY OF REFINEMENT AND
«J experience wants to take charge of a nice home
oriougin^-house for widower: home more an ob-
ject than salary. Address Mrs. K. S. M., 325
Geary st.
pIRL, 14 YEARS OLD, WISHES TO ASSIST
\J in light housekeeping or take care of a baby
In nice family. Call at 317 Third St., room 16.
yOUNG WOMAN WISHES TO DO SECOND
a work or upstairs work; can give references.
Call 1616 Lyon st., near Pine. -
"Y\T ANTED— SITUATION AS FIRST-CLASS
• t laundress; no objection to chamberwork; best
of reference. M. J., box 90, Call Office.
■yOUNG LADY WANTS A POSITION AS
J. housekeeper: also a dressmaker; will take
work home; very reasonable. Apply 706 Ellis, r. 2.
pERMANGIRL WISHES A PLACE INGER-
v~ man family to do upstairs work ana wait on
able. 468 Jessie st/
yOUNG WIDOW WISHES A POSITION AS
X typewriter. 8731/2 Market St., room 13, second
floor.
YOU NG LADY WANTS SITUATION AS
J- housekeeper. Call 203 Powell St., room 6.
BY A THOROUGHLY COMPETENT AMERI-
can woman, a place to cook in a private fam-
ily, small hotel or in an officer's family at a mili-
tary post; no objection to leaving the city or State.
Address, for one week, L. Z., b:>x 69, Call Office.
WINCHESTER HOUSE. 44 THIRD ST., NR.
Market: 200 rooms; 25c to «1 60 per night;
$1 60 to $6 per week ; convenient and respectable;
free bus to and from the terry.
SITUATIONS WAiS-fEU-aiALE.
ARME~RS~ PLOWHAIJDSi WOODSMEN?
-C wood-choppers, blacksmiths, miners and
laborers furnished in numbers to suit at once. C.
R. HANSEN & CO., 110 Geary St. .
C. G. COOK'S SOC. SUPPLIES COOKS: ALL
.branches: Bhort8 hort notice. 14 Geary. :tel.Granl46.
HUNTER & CO., CHINESE AND JAPAN-
ese employment office, 17 Webb St.. below
Kearny, bet. California and Sacramento: tel. 231.
piiINESE AND JAPANESE EMPLOYMENT
\J office; best help. 414% O'Farrell: tel. E. 426.
OOR MAN lIS WANT WANTS WORK FOR
his board and room; indoor work. Address P.,
box 81, Call.
|>OOKBINDERS— A JOURNEYMAN PRINT-
J J er desires to learn book binding. Address J. E. ,
boa 19, Call Office. ■
HA li BER WISHES SITUATION; 16 MONTHS'
i ) experience. Address K. 8., box 43, Call Office.
yOUXG MAN OF 20 WISHES SITUATION
I of any kind; driving wagon preferred. Apply
525 Natoma st.
TRONG YOUNG MAN WANTS WORK OF
0 any kind; wages no object; references. Call or
address F. M., 417 Kearny.
yoUNG STRONG SCOTCHMAN LATELY
1 from Scotland; best of character; wants manual
labor of any kind. Address A. 8., box 67, Call.
V FIRST-CLASS WAbHER AND SHIRT
ironer. Address W. I , box 57. Call Office.
U~~7 ANTED— BY COOK-HELPER, JOB IN A
logging or mining camp to run kitchen and
dining-room: 10 years* experience. Address G.
It., box 7 8. Call Office.
11TANTED— WORK BY YOUNG MAN (GER-
T» man) to wash dishes, assist in cooking or other
work; city or country. Please address H. VIE-
LITZ, 631 Sacramento St.. room 86.
\ ' OUNG MAN, SPEAKING FRENCH AND
X English correctly, desires situation of some
kind; city or country. F. X.. box 37, Call.
SITUATION, CITY OR COUNTRY, BY
s.eady man; care private place: enn milk,
drive; bandy with tools; references. Address J. L.,
box 29, Call office.
TTTaNTED— BY A RESPECTABLE YOUNG
»» seaman (English), employment of any kind;
good references. R. S. A VERY, 754 Folsom.
pOOK, BAKES GOOD BREAD," DESIRES
v^ situation; country preferred. Address 1301
Santa Clara aye, Alameda. *
T~n\ OF 16 (GERMAN) WHO CAN HANDLE
J) horses and milk cow wants position of any
kind. 1384 Sixteenth St., Oakland.
\.y ANTKD STEADY POSITI« »N AS PORTER,
' » watchmsn, etc., by man who is goad carpenter,
and who will attend to his work; good city refer-
ences or security. Address W. M., box 85, Call
Office.
RE • 1 stkkfJTTdrug CLERK by exam i n a -
tion, wishes position. Address S. MILLER
Jr., San Francisco Postoffice.
WANTED— WORK AT PRUNING BY A MAN
TT who thoroughly understands his work; has
diploma from county fair. Address HALL, box 32, I
Cull Office.
miIOROUGHLY RELIABLE GERMAN
J. would like position ms watchman. Please call
or address 218 a Turk st.
SITUATION WANTED BY GERMAN MAN
to care for horses # for doctor, or any kind of
work in private family ; good references. M. H.,
box 161, Call Office.
MIDDLE-AGED Id AN WANTS POSITION IN
small restaurant or hotel as dishwasher; un-
derstands little cooking; 4 years last place. Ad-
dress S. L.. box 16. Call Office. . . •- :_...- ..:
} ENGINEER OF 36 YEARS' EXPERIENCE
-JU wishes a position: does repairing: would go as
night watchman; well recommended. Address
W. W. P.. general P. 0.,.c1ty.
/ COMPOSITOR, COMPETENT IN BOOK AND
\J job work, wants posl ion: Encllsh and Ger-
man. Please call or address H. I"., 15 Langton st.
\y ANTED- POSITION BY MIDDLE-AGED ''■
'» married man, In a wholesale boose; position '
more an object than wages. Address M. W., box !
51. Call.
"WANTED— BY A GOOD STRONG BOY OF
»' 17, place In factory, store or tending a small
boiler. Call or address 625 Ellis st.
~J ITU ATION, CITY OH COUNTRY: BY MI
i~ aged man; care of private place, can milk;
drive; re ferrjjce. Address J. 1., box 67, tills office.
U'AMi. "-osTtion as engineer or
TT fireman, by sober, married man. Inquire 2
Bond st.
Ur ILL DO ANY KIND OF WORK IN CATHO-
Iic family; moderate wages; good reference.
Address J.. box 19. Call.
yoUNO MARRIED MAN AND WIFE WANT
1 work together; will go In the country; both are |
steady and capable and are good cooks. Address
147 Ninths..
A OU N G~MAN, AMERICAN, STEADY, RE-
I liable «nd industrious, would like work on a
fr li ranch: Santa Clara County preferred. Ad-
dress M., box 60. Call Office, Oakland.
\\r A NTED-TO CARE FOR HORSES AND
" garden by a first-class middle-aged man; first-
class driver: can milk and make himself generally
useful; best of references. J. 8., box 46, this office.
I VOW I'KTF.N T vineyardist, winemak-
\J er, distiller, etc., wishes position. R. T. H.,
633 California st., San Francisco. ■_-
yOUNG MAN WISHES SITUATION TO
X- drive delivery wagon or express; used to
horses; goo driver. Address or call 307 Fourth.
• * FEMALE HELP WANTED.
1 A WAITRESSES, s7)UTHERN^ CALIFOIV
lv nia, $20. C. R. HANSEN *, CO., 110 Geasy.
COOK FOR A SMALL RESTAURANT, $7 A
\J week: restaurant waitress, $5 a week: 2 wait-
resses, north, $20. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 110
Geary st.
"VTKAT YOUNG FREMCH GIRL FOR HOUSE-
-L> work, small family, $20; young girl, sleep
home, no Sunday work, $12. C. R. HANSEN &
CO., 110 Geary st.
POB THE BEST SELECTED HELP
Male or female, call oi> or address MARTIN'S
EMPLOYMENT AGENCY, 749 Market street:
Telephone, Main Largest and best con-
ducted agency of Its kind on the coast. We want !
this .morning: Lady searcher, steam laundry, $12
a week; 6 first-class ironers, $10 a week; 5 wait-
resses, $20, room etc., country places; waitress,
small 1 lace, $20, etc.; 15 bouse girls, $12 to $25 a
month.
CHAMBER MAID LODGING HOUSE, $12 1 O
\J *16. MISS CULLEN, 105 Stockton st. .
\\r AFTRESS PRIVATE FAMILY, $25 TO $30;
'» 20 house vvorx >:ir!s, ci.y and country, $.0 aiid
$25; 6 young girls as Ist, *10 to $15. MISS CUL-
LEN, 10& sttciaon si.
\\r A f¥D-COOK7RF~JtAURANT,S7'WEEK;
' » waitress, same place, $6 week: see party here
at 10:30 to-day; colored girl for housework, $25;
3 German cooks, $25 and $30. and a great -many
girls for cooking and housework. J. F. CROSETI'
& CO., 3.12 butter st. . .
\\r ANTKD-GERMAN COOK, $30; 3 GER-
*» man housework girls, $20; 2 nursegirls, $10
and $12; French maid aud seamstress, $25:
French nurseairl, $12. LEON ANDRE, 315
Stockton st. . • • " . v ' .
YyANTED-A WAITRESS AND PARLOR
tt maid. $30; also 2 good second girls at $20
each: cook, small institution. $20; 2 waitresses,
same hotel, country, $20; 50 good housework
girl*, $25 and $20. Apply MISS PLUNKETT, 424
Slitter st. rr " . •
"I y A N TED— A NUMBER OF GIRLS DAILY
TT to ail good situations. MRS. HIRD, 721 Ellis.
«~ANTED— YOUNG SOPRANO FOR~THE
'T stage. Address s., box 20, this office.
W A NTED— CONSECRATED CHRISTIAN 1
" woman to take charge of a home for conva- j
lescents (girls and women). Apply for particulars I
a; the Bureau of the French Christian Union of
California, 1520 Clay st., from 1 to 2 p. U.
w A TENT "WAITRESS and
«' chambermaid; city references; wages $20;
Scandinavian preferred. Apply at 1506 Washing-
on st. between 1 a and 2 and after 5 o'clock p. m.
\K' ANTED— RELIABLE GIRL TO DO DOWN-
* stairs work: must be a good plain cook. Call
at 2223 Howard st. ■ . •-.- ■ '.■..: •-.',- '.■■;-.-■''/■■
WANTED- GIRL TAKE CARE OF CHILD 3
» I ars old ; loim city reference required. Apply
bet. 10 and 13 bi IMB Geary st.
( ' ERMAN GIRL OR WOMAN ASSIST WITH
VJ housework 457 Guerrero st.
... .•-■■-■.. . - .... . -■■..-■■■-..- ■-■■
, HELP WANTED-Conttnued. _ .
W" N ~~ANTED^ i ? ITRST C^A^S^OOkT^UST Un"
derstand German and French cooking and
come well recommended: call in morning. 2100
Washington St., cor. Octavla. ' - :
PERATOR ON~*PANTS'; STEADY. 609 VA-
lencia st. .. . • ;
YOUNG GIRL TO ASSIST IN HOUSEWORK;
X family of 3 ; wages 88. 327 Fourth st
"VTEAT GIRL FOR HOUSEWORK WANTED;
-LA one kind to children preferred. 1507 Folsom.
ANTED— GIRL FOR HOUSEWORK. IF
ply at 1804 Market st., paper store.
GIRL FOR GENERAL HOUSEWORK AND
care of child. 2833 Pine st.
\fIDDLE-AGED .CATHOLIC WOMAN FOR
I»JL general housework on a ranch; no objection
to a wWow with a child. Apply 826 Sutler st.
QMALL GIRL TO ASSIST IN LIGHT HOUSE-
-0 work. 700 Laurel aye., off Buchanan st.
IRL FOR GENERAL HOUSEWORK IN
small family; no children; no washing; $15.
2502 Fill more st. • ■
YOUNG WOMAN FOR LIGHT HOUSEWORK.
i. 9 Page st. . : _^
WAN'IED— A HOUSEKEEPER. ADDRESS,
stating age and wages, W. 1., box 6, this office.
GIRL FOR HOUSEWORK; SLEEP HOME;
$10. 812 Taylor st.
<2«7P: A MONTH GUARANTEED TO LADY
•IP I O with $1000 to invest, party Investing to
have full control of cash. Address D., this office.
p ERMAN GIRL FOR HOUSEWORK. SW.
vJT cor. Geary and Devisadero sts.
IRL WELL RECOMMENDED FOR SECOND
work and waitress. Call for 2 days, 2114 Val-
lejo St., near Buchanan.
"VTKAT. BRIGHT GIRL, NOT UNDER 10
-IA years, can have a good home in a family of 2,
nnd attend tchool, in return for light services. Ad-
dress C. , box 69, this office. -
WANTED— YOUNG GIRL TO DO GENERAL
'» housework in family of 2; reference required.
Call at 1306 Hayes St., near Uroderick.
ANTED— PUPILS IN MILLINERY: NEW
'" term commences this mo. Room 61. 121 Post.
ESPECTABLE MIDDLE-AGED WOMAN AS
working housekeeper where there are children;
wages $10; good home for right person. L., box 4,
Call.
WANTED— NICE APPEARING LADY TO
" take charge, millinery and dressmaking; also
girls to learn; permanent positions and good wages
guaranteed, at MME. D. DE BOUCHER, 121 Post
St., rooms 27 and 28, over O'Connor, Moifat & Co.'s.
EXPERIENCED PICKLE- PACKERS ON
glass goods. Foreman, box 108, Call Office.
LADIES TAUGHT HAIRDRKSSING, M.\Nl-
curing.etc; class forming. 131 Post, room 20.
"VTEAT GIRL FOR LIGHT HOUSEWORK AND
J-> plain cooking. 729 Golden Gate aye.
TVTEAT~GI7iL WANTED FOR LIGHT HOUSE-
-'-'' work. Call at 936 Filbert st.
THE N. Y. CLOAK SUIT HOUSE LEADS
low prices; on sale, 590 dresses. 1210 Market.
GIRLS WANTED FOR COUNTRY DANCE-
haII. Call at 248 Fourth St., room 2, from 10
a. m. to 10 p. m.
T\r ANTED — APPRENTICES DESIRING TO
'» become professional nurses and speaking or
understanding both French and English. For
further particulars apply at New French Hospital,
Point Lobos and Fifth ayes.
"\« IDDLE AGED PROTESTANT WOMAN for
i'-l- ueneral housework and care of baby. Address
W., box 16. this office. ' ■ ■
VjISS DAISY HAAKE IS STARTING A MIL-
-IVL linery class at her bpme, 14 Chattanoosra st.,
bet. Twenty-first and Twenty-second; special at
tention given to schoolcirls after school hours; a
thorough course guaranteed at moderate terms.
OBT CONVENIENT AND RESPECTABLE;
Winchester House. 44 Third St., near Market;
200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 per night; $1 60 to $6 per
week; free bus to and from the ferry.
■IXT ANTED — DRESSMAKERS TO LEARN
« • bow to cut regular tailor system; only reliable
system: no models, charts or 'squares used. COHN,
.Ladies' Tailor, 316 Butter st. city.
HA ID I. SSI g7 AND 36c: MORNING
and ev'gclasscs;lo lessons,sl 50. 1248 Mission.
LAWRENCE PATTER:? HOOSE—
-Li cutting school. 1231 Market st..Det. Stli and 9*.h.
RESS-CUTTING TAUGHT, U. 8. TAILOR
system. 14 McAllister St., rooms 67 and 68.
WINCHESTER HOUSE, 44 THIRD. NEAR
'• Market— Electric lights in very room: 200
rooms; 26c to $1 50 per nicht; $1 60 to $6 per
week: f»-»e bus ro and from the ferry- ;.> : .: :;
DRESSMAKING. CUTTING AND FITTING
■JL/ at the McDowell Academy, 213 Powell: pat-
ternscut to order 25c un: pupil.s wirited.
MALt MKL.F UA.^rEO.
TAIRST^C £AS S B A I'.KKKI' ER . ( !OU N TlTv7~s 50
P to' ! 6.'): married German porter for a wholesale
house, city. c. R. HANSON .t CO., 110 Geary st.
TT>rRST-CLASS HOTEL PASTRY COOK AND
F baker. C. R. HANBKN A CO., 110 Geary St.
BARBER TO TAKE COUNTRY SHOP IN
hotel; night cook: second hotel cook: German
waiter: and others. MURRAY & READY, 634
and 636 Clay st.
WANTED — 2 ITALIAN, SCANDINAVIAN
'» or American miners, $2 50 day; tiemakers;
nurseryman: Swiss farmer and primer; 2 cabinet
makers, $2 50 day ; ranch 00 <: lunch cook and
others. Apply to" J. F. CROSETT & CO., 628 Sac-
ramento st.
BUTLER, $30; LUNCH COOK, $25: BOARD-
ing-house waiter, $25. R. T. WARD «fc CO.,
608 and 610 Clay st.
U- ANTE D-SA LESM EN OF ABILITY AND
«» experience to sell our line of school furniture
and supplies; references required. THE WHIT-
AKKU & RAY CO., 723 Market a .. second floor.
WANTED MAN TO WORK FOR HIMSELF;
»' can clear $150 par month; must have $50
cash. Address CASH, box 81, Call Office.
W ANTED— JAPANESE SCHOOLBOY TO DO
»' kitchen work: evenings only; good home for
bis services. Apply 719 Webster st.
ON ACCOUNT OF SICKNESS ; Goo 1.. CHANCE
for German: must understand plain gardening 4
and have some cash. 130 Fourth St., 4tosp. m.
DISHWASHER WANTED AT 1504 KEN-
tucky st ... Potrero, Re'dy's Hotel.
RRAND-BOY WANTED. 641 STEVENSON
Ji street.
RKSSBOY. APPLY TO-DAY A. M. INTER-
JL national Printing House, 729 Montgomery st.
WANTED— THE U. S. 8. ADAMS,
TT (shortly to sail for Honolulu) ,about 60 men
comprising seamen, ordinary seamen, machinists,
(tlrst-class), carpeniers. mates, shipwrights and
blacksmith. Apply at 421 East St.
1 s ARBER TRADE TAUGHT. MALE AND
1) female, thorough in 8 weeks: catalogue
mailed. San Francisco Barber School, 1515 How-
ard st. . ■ . -
OLD - ESTABLISHED 4 - CHAIR BARBER-
shop; best location in city. Apply Call Office.
ARBEK-SHOP: BEST LOCATION IN CITY;
sickness cause sale. Apply this office.
6 1 IVE AND RELIABLE MAN WHO .IS
thoroughly and favorably acquainted wi h the
wholesale and retail merchants In this city and
Oakland Apply to-day at room 167, Crocker bldg
FOR EMPLOYMENT CALL SEC-
retary Barbers' A sso., 325 Grant aye. S.FUCHS.
1(\(\ MEN TO GET A SHAVE FOR 6c; CLKAN
1"V towel to each and bay rum free; haircut
10c; first-class workmen. 14Va Montgomery aye.
DISHES AND CUP COFFEE, WINE, BEER
O or cider, sc. MRS. DALY'S, 619 Merchant st.
VV" AN TED-PARTNER IN PAINTING AND
'" paper-hanging business; good trade. Apply
463 Sixth St., Oakland.
WANTED— GOOD HUSTLERS TO CANVASS
city and country. Cull or address 632 Market
I St., room 10; P. O. box 2299.
TNDUSTRIOUS MAN WITH $40 CASH CAN
X secure steady, profitable employment by ad-
dressing J. D., box 119, Call Office.
\\r ANTED— MEN WHO DO NOT RECEIVE
• > their wages to place accounts with us; law and
commercial collection; no charge unless successful.
KXOX COLLECTION AGENCY 110 Slitter, r. 4.
fTIAILORS— ADVERTISER WITH FIRST-
-I- class business has an opening for young man
to learn cutting, IV ting and the general routine of
merchant tailoring;, small premium required;
: good references given and required. Apply A.
: GEE, Merchant Tailor. Placer\-ille.
V W WALDO HOUSE. 765 MISSION, BET.
-L' Third and Fourth— furnished rooms per
day 15c up; per week $1 up: open all night.
EST MEAL ON EARTH; WELL COOKED; 8
courses, 10c, at .-cattle Restaurant, 137 Fourth.
\yANTED-600 MEN TO eat 3 BIG HOT
»». cakes, with coffee, for sc. 11 Dm mm st.
TjEEFSTEAK AND ONIONS, COFFEE, BIS-
-D cult, potatoes, etc., sc. 635 Clay. :
AREER-S* ASSOCIATION of CAL. employ
secretary, p. C. Hamanu, 238^2 O'Farrell st.
rpilE RAILROAD HOUSE, 533 COMMERCIAL
1 St., below Montgomery— Single rooms 15c night.
25c for two; best and cleanest house in town.
"pOSEDALE HOUSE, 32i ELLIS ST.— SINGLE
JLY furnished rooms, 20c; $1 per week. '
EW AND, 246 THIRD; 200 SUNNY
rooms from $1 to $4 week: large reading-room.
I~~ORTHK BEST AND CLEANEST~IOc ME A
. try 13 Vi Grant aye.; coffee a specialty.
EST PLACE IN CITY FOR SECOND-HAND
shoes, 726Vj, opp. Howard-st. . Theater, or 129
Sixth St.; misfit shoes bought and exchanged.
"VTEW AND SECOND-HAND SHOES FROM
1.1 25c up; men's half soles, 40c. 959 Howard st.
"WHAT CHEER HOUSE. 529 SACRAMENTO
H St.: 200 rooms; best in the city: single rooms
20 and 25c a night, $1 a week: meals 10c.
\y ANTED- LABORERS AND MECHANICS
' » to know that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprie-
-1 tor, still runs Denver House, 217 Third St.; 150
I large rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $3 per week. . |
M" EN TO SELL~M A N l l ATT A N EGG FOOD;
Is the best. C. KERTELL, San Mateo.
INCHESTER HOUSE, 44 THIRD ST., NEAR
Market; 200 rooms, 25 cents a night; reading.
room: free bus to and from the ferry. ; ■ . -.
"1 MEN TO TAKE LODGING AT 10c, 15c
, J " 'U and 20c a night, including coffee and rolls.
624 Washington St., near Kearny. •' - r ':. -.
EST IN ClTrf— SINGLE" ROOMS, IS, 20 AND
26 cents per nigh: ; SI, 91 26, $1 60 p«r week.
l'ucltic House .Commercial and Leidesdorff sts. ■,
\\T ANTED— SINGLE ROOMS, 15c A DAY; 81
ii week; rooms for two, 25c a day, $1 50 a week;
reading-room : dally papers. 36 Clay st.
HELP WASTED- ContlnneJ.
TTT ANTED— MEN TO GET BOTTLE SHARP
»» steam beer. 6c; bottle wine. 6c. 609 Clay st.
EN'S %-SOLING 5Qc: LADIES' 40c: DONE
while you wait. 638 Market, opp. Palace Hotel.
T IN DELI. HOUSE, SIXTH AND HOWARD-
J-J single ftrnished rooms: 75c week, 15c night.
IJARBERS' PROTECTIVE UNION EMPLOY-
■I3 ment secretary. CONRAD TROELL. 657 Clay.
FREE BEER— TWO SCHOONERS FOII 6c;
also a bottl tof lager, sc, at 637 Clay st.
A l\l\ MEN'S SECOND-HAN Di£i) SHOES.SOME
trU VJ nearly now, 25c to »1 25. 562 Mission st.
KY ACME HOUSE, 957 MARKET ST., BE-
low Sixth, for a room: 25c a night: 9 1 a week.
TUST OUT; NEW- MA CHINK. FOR REPAIR-
tI ing shoes; call and see; half-soled in 15 min-
utes, done while you wait; all repairing done by
machinery: all repairing at half price: work guar-
anteed. 562 Mission St.. bet. First and Second.
AGENTS WASIKD.
A' r GENTS OR LOC A L CAN V A
cific Coasts States send address to this office;
secure notice of new things. Address Manufac-
turers Agency, 465 Ninth St., Oakland. .
/CALIFORNIA MUTUAL BENEFIT SOCIETY
v wants good agents to work its accident and
sick insurance: liberal inducements offered. J.
W. HANNA Secretary. Murphy building.
~ KOOMS WASTED.
YOUXO COUPLE (NO CHILDREN)" WANT
i 1 or 2 sunny unfurnished rooms in Immediate
vicinity of Polk and Geary sts. State rent, T. A.,
box 2, Call. • '■-
VV ANTED— WITH RESPECTABLE GERMAN
»' family, 3 unfurnished rooms; not over $10.
Address J. 8. , box 37, Call Office^
ANTED— BY FEBRUARY" 1. 2 OK 3 HOUSE-
keeping rooms, unfurnished, within boundaries
of Tbirty-uinth Assembly District. Address 8.,
box 102, this office. • '
boakdlng wanted.
ANTED BY' LADY AND CHILD, BOARD
and room in strictly private Jewish or Ger-
man family; answer at once, stating terms and
particulars. B. H.. box 57. Call Office.
WA>*TK»-MISCELLAUEOUS.
W^^^alct^d^^iT^F^iprTg'h^^iXno^for
storage. Address W. P.. box 161, Call Office.
ANTED— YOUR WATCH. IF IT NEEDS
' » repairing: best work at half the regular price.
DEUSS. watchmaker. 126 Kearny St., third floor.
ELL YOUR BOOKS. CLOTHING AND JEW
elrv to A. KLiijlN. 109 Sixth st.: send postal.
_■___ '■■■•" CLAIRVOYANTS.
CLAI RVO V AM C V EXTRAORDINARY—
Hundreds visit the mystic PROFESSOR
ZAUZIC, occult, scientist, palmist, -clairvoyant,
medium, 313 Mason st.: hours 9 to 8; sittings 50c;
satisfaction positively guaranteed.
"DESTCLAIRVOY ANT ON EARTH; LADIES
i-> and gents; 25c. 206 Fourth st.
ON'T FA TO CONSULT PROF. LEON,
palmist clairvoyant: tells the truth and nothing
but the truth. 633 Post. 9to 8 daily ; also Sunday.
BEST CLAIRVOYANT ON EARTH; LADIES
and gents 25c. 206 Fourth st.
ADAM PORTER, CARD-READER; TELLS
the past, present and future; ladies 50c, gents
$1; palmistry, clairvoyant; sittings $150. 126
Turk st., near Jones.
ME. RAVENA SITS DAILY'; SURE TIPS
on races: names given; 25c up. 828 Howard.
ME. UK. THOMAS, SCIENTIFIC REVEAL-
er by eggs, and cards: tells entire life, put,
I present, future; consultations on all affairs; noth-
I ing excepted: names given: good advice: sure
I help; restores lost love by sympathy; mistake im-
! possible; fee $1: letter ?'J. 929 Post St.. nr. Larkin.
UGU->TA LEOLA, FORTUNE TELLER;
magic charms, love tokens; true picture of
I future wife and husband; teaches fortune telling;
; develops clairvoyance, slate writing, etc.: has the
seven holy seals and the Palestine wonder charms;
fee $1 and upward. 2326 Mission, nr. Twentieth.
ME. JIOREAU, I . ST MEDIUM; RE VEALS
past.present mid future; 25c up. 7b4 Howard st.
\,|ME. STEWART THE CHILD MEDIUM;
lil great clairvojant and card-reader; seventh
I daughter of the seventh daughter, has returned .0
j her old rooms in san Francisco; ladies and gents
I 60c. 917 Market St., parlors 3 and 4.
STARLIGHT READS YOUR CAREER FROM.
the cradle to tin, grave. Parlor 5. 865 V 3 Market.
SPIRITUALISM. ~
DR. WOOD, CELEBRATED INDEPENDENT
slate writer and trance medium. 597 Eilis St.
Mi:-. .1. .1. WHITNEY, clairvoyant
tr-nce medium: sittings $1. 218 Stockton St..
______
MEDICAL.
■jvTM^EriTE^TE^^tAGI^r^VONDER, THE
I'J. only true method in the world for restoring ir-
regularities in 8 hours: .$5; perfectly harmless.
Call or address WOMEN'S DISPENSARY', 1170
Market, 66 and 67: physician's consultation free.
ANEW PROCESS— NO MEDICINE, INSTR U
ments or worthless pills used; every woman
her own physician for all female troubles, no mat-
ter from what cause; restores always in one day;
! if you want to be treated safe and sur" call on men's
physician -.knowledge can be sent and used at home;
all cases guaranteed. DR. POPPER, 318 Kearny st.
A BLESSING TO LADIES — INSTANT BE
lie' for monthly irregularities (from whatever
i cause) by the most experienced ladies' physicians
; in San Francisco, restores all cases by an improved
i method, superior to others; ladies will save time
' and money, be assured of honest treatment, by
consulting the doctors before calling on others;
patients who have been imposed upon are spe-
cially invited: home in confinement: treatment
warranted: advice free: Pink Pills, $?. DR. and
MRS. DA VIES, 14 McAllister st., near Jones.
T\K, ii.. LL. 14 Mi A I LI si BTREKT, NEAR
JL/;jones. Diseases of .women and children.
LL FEMALE IRREGULA RE
stored in a few hours: safe and sure relief at
• any time; travelers helped at once: home in con-
-1 finement; French pills guaranteed: consult free.
MRS. DR. WEVTH, 916 Post st., near Larkin.
\|RH. G. WOOD. MIDWIFE: DISEASES OF
i>JL the womb a specia ty. 230 Clara St., nr. Fifth.
Di:s. GOODWIN MAKES A SPECIALTY' OF
diseases of women and restores all cases of ir-
regularity in one day, guaranteeing a cure or no
charge; separate home- for patients; best skill;
j medical attendance: low fees; regulator, $2.
1370 Market.
I T ADIES — DAUDET'S FEMALE REGULA
■ -Li ting Pills: strongest, safest, best: never fail;
$1 per box. WIDBER'S drugstore, 14 Ellis st,.,
formerly cor. Market and Third sts,. sole agents.
BURE CUBE FOR ALL FEMALE Dis-
eases, from whatever causa; m home in con-
finement wi;h every comfort; satisfaction guar-
i anteed, by MRS. DR. GWYER, i>-J6Turi: st.
A HOME, AFR I E N D AND MOTHER'S CARE.
J\ MRS. DR.FINK's, 1416 Eighth St.. Alameda.
\j RS. DR. \V EC. EN ER : PRIVATE HOME IN
i»l confinement; irregularities cured In a few
hours without operation ; pills 92. 419 Eddy st.
A LPEAU'S FRENCH PILLS. A" BOON TO
x\- ladies troubled with irregularities; no danger:
safe and sure: $2 CO express C. O. D. ; don't delay
! until too late. OSGOOD BROS.. Oakland, Cal.
1 F IRREGULAR OR ANY FEMALE DISEASE
1 tee Mrs. Dr. .fnetz and be content. 254 V» 4th.
LOST.
T 1 JERSE^Y^NIT2~^ETrCOWsT^ONE
JLi without horns. Reward for return to 912
Francisco st.
LOST SUNDAY NIGHT — LADY'S STEEL
watch and pin; reward. 401 California st.
LACK AND WHITE GREYHOUND DOG~.
Liberal reward at 1108 Howard st.
ffl» I i\ REWARD- LOST, ON 11TH, PUG DOG;
«ID J- 1/ black face. Return 1812% Geary st.
I OST ALL COMFORT AND PLEASURE BY
1 not getting my shoes made to order by
GEORGE BRYANT. 204 Turk st., near Jones. '
ONEY', BY NOT HAVING MY HOUSE
i'l papered and palntedAy the Co-operative Paper-
hanging ' ompanv. 635 McAllister st.
— *^"*^™^ *^*™"" < *^^™™ mml ~ ~^ — — — —
FOUND.
FOUND — YOUNG GREYHOUNIJ BirCHf;
JD owner can have same by proving property and
paying expenses. 1524 Howard St.
DENTISTS. ~
R7~7TE^R^E~^rTEIOK^~ TTIi^rENITLVE
Leek dentist, discoverer of painless extraction
and patentee of Improved bridge work or teeth
I without any plate, moved from 6 to 20 O'Farrell st.
AIN LESS EXTRACTION. 50c; CROWN
bridge work a specialty: plates, $5 up; 13 years'
experience. R. L. WaLsH, D.D.S., 815% Geary.
SET OF TEETH WITHOUT A PLATE.
DR. H. O. YOUNG, 1841 Polk st.
DR. H. H. SHAW, 224 KEARNY' — BRIDGE-
work a specialty; open evenings 7:30 to 9.
DR. L. t.cranz-extraction PAINLESS
crown work, bridge work and teeth without
plates a specialty. 103 Geary St., cor. Grant aye.
BOOKS DENTAL ASSOCIATION, 759 MAR-
\J ket, bet. 3d and 4th, gas specialists: only reli-
able agent for painless extraction: artificial teeth
frm $5; fillings irni $1; extracting 50c. with gas $1.
<a? 7 A SET .FOR TEETH: WARRANTED AS
jiP I good as can be made; filling $1. DR. SIMMs,
dentist. 930 Market st., next Baldwin Theater.
1 VB. LUDLUM HlLi* 1443 MARKET BT.
J-/ near Eleventh: no charge lor extracting when
plates are made: old plates made over like new;
teeth from 88 per set: extracting snc: gas given. '
GOLTON DENTAL ASSOCIATION. 80U JlAR-
ketsu DR. CHARLES W. DECKER.
"[SB. J. J. LEEK, 1206 MARKET, COR. GOLDEN
J-f Gate aye.— Open evenings : Sundays till noon.
ALL WORK REASONABLE AND WAR/
ranted. DR. .F. w. KEY. 1122 Market st.
_'_■__; - BiCXCLKS. ~~
WINDSOR BICYCLE'S: STRICTLY HIGH
'» grade; no stamping: all lathe work: cones
i^^^fTf^^r™- A - v ban -
! PARK CY'CLERY-NEW WHEELS TO LET-"
J- best accommodations. .' Terminus Geary. M»
AlUster and Powell si. car lines. "
| KCILDING AND LOAN ASSOCIATION.
j jhoNTINi-:NI\\iriRfIL^ING~XND"LOAN AS
j \J EOCiatlon— Home office, 222 Sansome st., S. F,'
General savings & loan business. Ed E. Hill Pres.:
I Oliver Eld rid«e V.Pr.; W Corbin, Sec&GeafMaa
person als.
tiVantbd- to make~the acquaint.
VV ance of woman owning her own home la
country: children no objection; object matrimony;
industrious, relitble German; age 40. Address R.
G., box 31, Call Office.
-J — j I GILLIS. SEND ADDRESS TO M.8., BOX
A. 6*7, Call Office.
X OUNG MAN (SCANDINAVIAN) WOULD
I like to make the acquaintance of a German or
Scandinavian servant or working girl ; object matri-
mony. C, box 8, Call Office.
i-i ENTLEMAN GOING SOUTH MONDAY,
Ijr the 27th, stopping at all towns between this
city and Los Angeles 3 to 5 days, will attend to
any business desired for individual or firm for a
consideration. Address G. S-, box 31. this offlce.
/CAPITALIST, SINGLE, AGED 30. 18 ANX-
\J ions to marry a woman who deems herself capa-
ble of being at the head of a large establishment
and presiding at high social Junctions: need not be
very young if she is very bright and lovable. Ad-
dreiU REGINALD V., box 57, Call Oltic?.
ANTED— HOME IN GOOD CATHOLIC FAM-
VV lly for good girl. 12 years old, where she will
get her board for assisting; must go to school.
Address Girl, box 51, Call. '
fTIHE WOMEN'S DISPENSARY, LATE OF
1 New York, has located; all the new appliances
ana methods for curing diseases: inflammation,
ulceration and prolapsus successfully treated: in-
fallible remedies for irregularities: testimonials m
office; consultation free. Office, 25 Murphy bldg.
DEAFNESS— THE AURAPHONE RESTORES
lost hearing, cures ear defects: invisible; book
mailed free. F. F. FINLAY', lOCaliforniast., S. F.
THE LADY WHO PAID $1 50 YESTERDAY
1 for a switch will go to O. LEDERER'S, 111
Stockton st., this week she will rind the same for
$1; 51 switches, 75c; halrdressinjr, 25c. •
fflj ] A ROOM: CARPETS CLEANED ON TUB
«H) 1 floor. 306 Leavenworth st. ■
DVICE FREE; DIVORCE AND PROBATE
laws a specialty; suits, Superior, Justice and
Police Courts; terms reasonable: collections, etc. G.
V.". HOWE, att'y-at-liuv. 850 Market, cor. Stockton.
GREAT REDUCTIONS IN PHOTOGRAPHS
VJT at (UAMKK's California Gallery. 402 Kearny
St., XX. cor. Pine; full length or bust t\r3'.-cla33
I cabinets $1 50 dozen, Paris panels $3 dozen.
ONE MORE: CUT— 1
Oak Roll Top Desks... $14 to $35
Oak Chiffoniers From $10 up
Oak Bed sets $17 50 up
Oilcloths and Linoleums 30c up
Stoves and Ranges S3 up
Thousands of bargains. We keep everything*
Cash or time payments. J. NoONaN,
1017, 1019, 1021, 1023 Mission St., above Sixth.
SECOND-HAND AS ]■'.!. I, AS NEW BARJS,
showcases, counters, shelvings, mirrors, desks.
safes, chairs, scales, etc., and a very large stock of
them, too; be snr- and see stock and get prices by
fore going elsewhere. J. NOON AN, 1017, 1019,
1021, 10*3 Mission st., atove -lath.
Mils. M. H. OBER, HEADQUARTERS nfc-
Ypsilanti Union Suits ami Equestrian Tights
Jaros Underwear: Ober Corsets for stout figu es.
i Sole agent for Equipoise Waists, Jennes Miller
! goods and Gertruae baby outfits: great reductions;
j send for catalogue. 34 Geary st., San Francisco.
EGYPTIAN HENNA. $1; HAIRDYH. PER*
fectly harmless. Langley-Michaels Co.: all
! chemists: Hnbbard's 923. Hauptll's. 1156 Market.
: I/OR FINE POULTRY AND GAME GO TO A,
r BTRASBER, 78 and 79 Center Market.
PARTI TON'S SCHOOL OF MAGAZIN2
J. and Newspaper Illustration reopens Monday,
January 6. For particulars address or apply 424
Pine st.
LECTRIC LIGHTS IN EVERY 11OOM-WI.V.
El E CTRIC LIGHTS IN EVER Y RO< »M- W I X-
Chester House. 44 Third St., near Market; 200
rooms, 25c to $1 50 per night: $1 50 to per
week: tree bus to and from the ferry.
JOHN SMITH HAS REMOVED TO 327-323
Sinter st., between Stockton st. and Gran: aye.,
where She Oest of coal can Iw had at lowest prices.
J" IBER ALA D V ANCISOX DI A MON d 3, JEW-
-i dry, etc. : lowest rates. 94S Market st.
1 Ali/VBUSINESS CARDS, $ 1 M): TELE-'
IUUU phone "Black 141." H1LL.7241/2 Markeu
LD" BUILDINGS BOUGH! AND BOLD;
store fixtures, doors, windows, lumber, pipe,
etc.: cheap. Yard 1166 Mission st., near Eighth.
pLOAKS, CAPES AND SUITS RETAILED AC
\J rain' cost. Factory, 20 Sansome si.. upstair*.
GOLD, SILVER. GENTS' AND LADIlt*
clothing bought. «'«»l.>i.\N. 41 Thirl *:..
ui:kssmaki:k\
BRADLEY, SIS GEAR! KLEGANT ST \€-
1* isti suits made, $5 up. Dresses made over.
DRESSES PROM 2 UP; WRAPPERS, 35c UP.
505% Na'.oma St., near Sixth.
Q1 ITS 93; SKIRTS 75C; SILK WAISTS, LAT-
eat style, $1 50; lit guaranteed, 559 Stevenson.
DRESSES CUT'asd 3;!DRES§E3V
popular prices; waists S3. 11 (ii'iry st.
EDDC A TION A.L.
j iOM'AJ.': i 11. \'m, ■ .I. ii,.\, 1IKK; H\'.:lY.
I' class graduate. 83 Everett st.
AIRS. 1L1.i.->.\ 5 DER HAS ItKMOVKIi
I*l to 520 Sinter st.; t-acner of vocal music (latest
Italian methods), piano and elocution; ladi and
gentlemen coached in operatic, ■pearean and
other Dlays; appearances arranged.
/GENTLEMAN WITH COLLEGIATE BDUCA-
I VX tion will give private lessons in English
! branches, bookkeeping, mathematics an.l sciences;
; ( a iiornia credentials and refereiice3. Address X..
I box 87, Call Office.
rriHß LEADING SHORTHAND COLLEGE;
■ -L individual Instruction; font months' course.
Ayres' Stenographic Institute. 325 Montgomery sc
}pMELIE MELVILLE Will. RECEIVE A
J limited number of pupils; thorough dramatic
! training, reading, operatic and tirawing-room sing-
j Ing, 2SOO Webster St., cor. of Washington.
j S" "PANISII AND FRENCH ACADEMi; CA>
kj tilian apd Parisian professors: 3 lessons week,
$:< month: also painting Hcademy, Bon ■ - specialty,
3 lessons week, $3 month; translations, Spanish,
French, English. 1170 Market St.. room y~.
INDIVIDUAL INSTRUCTION BOOK KEEP-
X ing, shorthand, etc. Stlehl'a College, 723 Market.
■\TOCAL TEACHER JOSEPH GREVEN m"
> proves ami beam i ties even spoiled voices, and
procures positions to his pupils. 62 Ninth -■.
| O PA NISH,ERENCH,Etc. PROP. ILIPPE'3
O Academy of Languages; 3iO Post; estab. 1871.
MISS BOLTE'S SCHOOL72297"s7vCRAiIENTO
-i'A St.— Board. English, French, pl.i no. dancing,
| $30 a mo.; excellent chance for ambitfousand con-
i sclentious parents to give children a superior educa-
I tion at low figure; term Jan. 2: kindergarten coach.
ENGLISH LITERATURE AND MYTHOLOGY' 7
-IJJ class or private. MRS. EHRMAN, 1234 Bush st.
! UELASCO'S LYCEUM SCHOOL OF ACTING
L» Private theatricals arranged: pupils rehearsed
on stage. R. s and 12, 1.0.0. F. block. rth and Mkt.
SCHOOL ELECTRICAL, CIVIL, MINING, ME-
kj chanical engineering, surveying, architecture,
assay; estab. '64. VAN DER NAILLEN, 728 Mkr.
STUDENTS PREPARED FOR THE UNIYER-
O sity, law and medical colleges; day and evenina
classes. 333-333 Phelan building.
b OWENS ACADEMY. UNIVERSITY AYE.:
Berkeley. Cal. T.S. BO WENS. 3d. A., Principal.
VIOLIN, MANDOLIN, GUITAR. CORNET
taught. Prof. L.MERKI. 226 Geary :riaso)i?.b!a
oPaNlsii. FRENCH, GERMAN^ MODER \ Ii "
iw-Melsterachaft School Languages, 122 O'Farrell st
BALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 POST STT
Bookkeeping, business practice, shorthand,
typing, electrical engineering, telegraphy, modern
languages rapidly taught. Write for catalogue.
V I«HTSCHOOL;IiEA LD's til >. CoLLEGE-2-1
-Li Post: commercial, hand. Enslish: low ra'ei
"VTIOLIN, MANDOLIN, CELLO. 3ANJO; KbA-
V sonable. PROF. FRANCIS. 1015' .. Vaiencia.
pHEMISTRY AND ASSAYING. CUNNIXU-"
\J ham a Schooi, cor. Peary and Powell sts.
A ., N !' RANrrs(li BUSINESS COLLEOE, 1233
O Market: send for cat.: day.nnd evening session.
LKGAL lIUTIVJEs,
TN THE SUPERIOR COURT !\ ANL FOB
A the City and County of San Francisco, State of
California— Department No. 10-Prob«tp.
In the matter of the estate Of TOMAfeO CRES-
TA. alias TOMASSO CRESTA. and also called
i THOMAS CREBTA, deceased. Order to show
I cause why order of sale of real estate should not ba
• made.
A. C. FREESE, the administrator with the will
annexed of the estate of TOMASO CRESTA alias
Tomasso CRESTA, deceased, having filed his
petition herein, duly verified, praying for an order
of sale of a portion of the real estate of said deced-
! ent, for the purposes therein set forth.
It is therefore ordered by the said court that all
persons interested in the estate of said deceased
appear before the said Superior Court on MONDAY'
the 24th day of February, 1896, at 10 o'clock in
the forenoon of said day, at the courtroom of De-
partment No. 10— Probate— of said Superior Court
at the new City Hall, in the City and County of <«'•',
Francisco, State of California, to show cause wbv
an order should not be granted to the said admin-
istrator with the will annexed to Bell so much of
the reel estate of the said deceased as shall be
necessary. • ' ut>
And that a copy of this order be published at
least once a week for four successive weeks in the
sax Francisco Call, a newspaper printed and
published in said city and county. prllUed M
Dated January 21, A. D. 1896.
Co C urt AKLEB *' SLACK ' Jud of the Superior
319 Pine 3 V LLIVAN - attorney tor administrator,
trator NJARiIX HEALEY ' of c °™sel for adminls-
MOTICE TO" CREDITORS — ESTATE- ft i
1> CHARLES O'M ALLEY', deceased Notice i,
hereby given by the undersigned. ZHnlnißt£u£ of
the estate of the said deceased, to .thVcr'utoS [of
and all persons having claims ■against the said de
same being his place tor the U^nsawion if ,ll
business of the said estate In.h cty^Coumv
of San Francisco, State of California. tount y
O'^L^dTceaied. 1116 "™
Dated at San Francisco, January 7 l ro«
SXOKAGE '
TikVERLANT) HtEToTlT^TllAlJsPii^tr^rT"
pVckrsh^eSTtored^F^^^^
houses: low rates; advances made. fJKSSiTJS
O TORAOE OF FURNITtIRE. PIANOsTToUTk"
k5 hold goods, etc. J.M. PIERCE, 735 M ar /.r!t
WILSON BROTHERS. " 1710 M MIKViTZ
Storage; low rates: telephone KoSh^s.BTTSTNKSS CTTANCFS.
V; "^ j [") A PART N E^R^C\l?rE"D"\\^6inCSALE
• •'•'*'. and ro:nil produce in.i commission
tniolness in busiest country town in California:
o'.iers srur.d opportuiiitv for .souie active man.
t-'l ENBERG & CO., 883 Miuket st.
C 97 p: v RESTAURANT: • BABGAIN;}NEAR
•-■—'■'•- V. depct : seatitiff W: must be sold in
o days. STENBERG cfc CO., 63'J Market st.
QQXA LIQUOR STOUT;! FULL VALUE
yUUi;. stock. 6TENBERG & CO.. 032 Market.
Q99X TARTNERTiri^STAURANT: TK"XD
'. — — •'■ cftsh counter: owner thorough business
n-«n; partner preferreci 10 hit* help. STEN-
KKjtG CO., U3i Market St.
'>"., > GROCEIIV-A.ND B BIF »LD IM-
«C »-*^'J. mediately; line location: account de-
I •.rturo; don't mis this. SI ENBERG & CO.,
b.->2 Market st.
'400 A I" H A N T, "BLOC'k" FROM" CITY
' ' ' • Hall: receipts averace ~.'v); owner 4
years; tearing the city, STENBERO A CO., 632
Jluxket su; opp. Palace.
C! 97.% SAL<JON^"~KVnv!tNY ST.: NICELY
•^ — I «.J. fui(-i\ u|>; this place is very irivitins
anil suital);u for 2 persons; ex-w-nscs light; bargain.
M'hXBKKi; C0., '632 Market St.
T>AKKRY. COKFKK PARLOR: VERY BEST
-i* local lim-st iittod-uj> place In city ; has very
larre connterand outside trade: positive guarantee
Jn>m owner as 10 amount of business; trial until
satisfied : owner has S places; must sell one a; sac-
rmcf. STKNBBKG &CO . 888 Market st.
Al'Hkx yUu~ari:"*disT7i;stkd \vlth oth-
' » ers and want to buy or sell your business give
m a trial. JOHN RE lUY A CO.. 13% Sixth st.
T.^lN E BA LOOXiDOINGIGQOD BUSINESS IN
• counertion with :o.lu-;ii::-lu)!ise of 10 elegantly
»nrnisho<l rooms: lendid location; must be sold;
owner goin % East. KEiDY it CO., 13V2 Sixth St.
HA LF-INTKRENT IN A FIRST-CLASS S.V
loou: doiii^ good business: st lomlid location;
sickness cause of ale. REIDV ft CO., 131-2 Sixth.
V" O R SALE"^Tio"CrfT:, -v 100, \VITII~RE^
X taurant and bar; 4 tarnished rooms; doing a
business of $45 daily amonjr factories: no better
location: irroun t rent $20, with lease: owner golag
to Europe. REIDV a- CO., 13i« Sixth St.
JAR( BKEII HALL AND LODGING-
J-i house: good business.' :'. El I'Y & CO., 13% 6th.
COOt A. SNAP, CORNER fHIRD STREET,
• . «)_.>. saloon, near Market: lii- stock; Kood
fixtures; cneap $850. JOHNSTON, ""6% Kearny.
>;('()() BESTAUHAXT; A BIG BARGAIN:
I"- . ..A on " bloc ii nor;l1 of Market; receipts
?35t0540. JOHNSTON, 26Va Kearny st.
V INK CIGAB-STOBE ON KEARNY. NEAR
X Market st. JOHNSTON, 26Va Kearny st.
<i;'> 7', G ROCE RYAN iTiIAR AT A SACRI-
'-''•• JOHNSTON, 26U. Kearny at.
Qfinfl RARE CHAI PRODUCE AND
♦.. l \r\J. dairy business; old established good
V" 1 ?, J. r' ron ts $125 a month; can be improved.
JOHNSTON. 26i<, Kearny st,
Q"|9X CANDY-STOBE; FURNISHKDRMS;
'_ 1— •'. cheap. Barrett A CO.. 866% Mkt.
Q^OO FIRST-CLASH HUME BAKERY
t^iUVJV. with all counter trade of $16io$--'oa
nay: No. 1 location; living-rooms famished; trial
given. BARKETT .v SKIFF, 865 Vi Market st.
<•'"/) OYSTER AND CHOP HOUSE; CEN-
t^.tJUKf. tral; low rent: clears $100 montn; creat
bargain. BARRE7T & SKIFF, 865^ Market st.
-< At\t) COFFEE AND OYSTER HOUSE; VI-
TT.^»-t^U Clnlty ■*«* a "l Market; low rent.
BARRETT & SKIFF, 865y 3 Market st.
Votice -to skll7~your business
-»-' promptly for cash, HEALY A CO.. 23 Kearny.
Partner. manufacturing business; clears SlOO i
each a month; $500.
A 1 corner liquor-store: make offer.
Partner, first-class corner liquor saloon- 5500
Corner grocery-store: living-rooms: $375.
Bakery, 18 barrels week; living-rooms: $800.
Restaurant and coffee saloon: Market st.
Before purchasing apply
, EALY & CO., 23 Kearny at.
-<'H\i il\ v ' WAT-RANT AT POTREKO
tj;— VJV/V.F. do ng a busiuess of $5J per da/; 4
rooms; building included in sale; so such bargain
ever offered for sale; Best of reason for selling.
Apply W. F. HEALY & CO.. 23 Kearny st. . -
*»■ J ( i'l RO^TK FOR SALE CLEARING ?75
<^:^.\J\J. aiiioiuh; horse and eh t wagon; trial
given.' Apply HEALY .v CO .23 Kearny st. -
mO BUY. SELL OR EXCHANGE aIFiJsINESS
X of any kind see STRAND * CO., 45 Third st.
QQXA SALOON: OO(JD STOCK . :■ FIX-
♦^..OUU. tures; full value. STRAND & CO.,
45 Third st.
< 1 7^^GROCERY. ONE OF BEST COR-
O « • «.». ners In Western Addition: full value in
Stock and fixtures; seller Is landlord and will «v
sist buyer in every; way. STRAN D A CO., 45 Third.
QOXn WANTED TO-DAY, PARTNER IN
'_ *J*J\J • conamiss'on business: will clear $75 per
month to ench. See STRAND i CO., 45 Third St.
Q 9 X ( . RKSTAUKANT; FINE LOCATION:
«« —■' ■•■'• good trade: great, bareain if sold to-
day; invest! cation. STRAND A CO., 45 Third si.
Q 9OO I l'ill : BUSINESS; SAME HANDS
*- — v'U. 3 years: clearing 820 week: suitable
for man and wife or two ladies. STANLEY, 9
Geary, room 2.
Cj» A Afj partner wanted- indoor
'J- ' business: run by present owner 14
years; suited to ;>lain steady man satisfied with
C7S toflOOamonth; trial given. STAN] 9
Geary . room '2.
C~IORNKK GROCERY AND BAR WITH LIV-
•' mr room*; rent ?-5: jiricp $1000; In Western
Addition; kept by owner 10 years; wants to re-
tire. PartU-ulsrs 533 CaliSorn'ia st.. Phoenix Bar.
QOXA SALOON IX BUSINESS- CENTER";
•.. »>•;"'. established year*: lar^e; patronage: rent
?35; lease 4 years. Call 533 Oa!. s:., Phoenix Bar.
QiiXA OLD ESTABLISH t-D SALMON UN
•. ''•' - California st.: value of (inures and
stock, ?1200; nn)si tie sold to-day: particulars 533
California st., Phoenix Bar. WILKE.
g;1 oOH BAKERY — -
<IrXOUU. AM) COFFEE SALOON
l.arce oven
Offer wanted. DECKER, 1206 Market St.
LD-ESTA H 1.1 -11 X D BUS) ESS; DELlCA-
cies, tamale iin 1 supper parlor for sale: reason-
able; account of poor health. 513 Jones st.
Ql 'A BUTCJIEK-SHOP; FIXTURES FOR
«jpxtlv. sale; cheap rant, GEO. C. YOUNG,
l-f-taluma.
MALL VAKIKTY-STOIiE FOR SALE; KiCA-
soi:able. 3110 sixteenth st., above Valencia.
M-
branch bakery and notion-store. l - _'lo steiner.
SALE CHEAP; SALOON IN Al LOCA-
tion; owning party ROincout of business. Ad-
dress P. G., box 19, Call Olllce.
< •■' \( i \v7lL, BUY RESTAURANT; BEST
O«J« '-' location; well fitted up; busiuess will
spe.ak for itself; first-class chance Jor any one that
means business. Apply Call <J!iice.
TjrTCHERsrATTE'NTION-SM ALL CAPITAL
XJ will buy shop, 2 bones, wagons, route, etc.; '
must sell; make an offer. 1018 Alubarua.
< 1 t\(\l OOKKJBB CIO AB-STORE;; PINI FIX-
O !""• turt-s anri stock: no nicht or Sunday
work. Apply HERMAN, 22S i'acihe.
Q 99 ' G ROCERY. NOTION, CIGAR AND
<2>-J*»t». tobacco business; a bargain for one who
hasthecoin; no agents. 9i'l^ Howard st.
K. ' i ST., CH CAP: GOOD
business; bargain. BARCLAY & LYNCH, 935
Market st.
"L> A RGAIN — CIGAR-STAND; GOOD LOCA-
■IJ Uon: must be sold this week. Inquire at Cos-
rcopolitan Hotel, cor. Fifth und Mission.
O A LOON FOR BALE; GOOD CHANCE; 772
O Harrison. See owner, 4'_'7 Fourth st.
Hi
location; rent $25. Apply Cull Oflice.
p ENERAL MERCHANDISE STORE FOR
• X sale. ?ii000; or, half Interest; full investiga-
tion; next to P. O. box 1. Brent wood, Cal.; re-
liable single man preferred.
AKERY. NOTION AND CANDY STORE FOR
sale cheap. 909 Bryant.
\\T ELL-FURNISHED SALOON, DOING GOOD
» » business; $450. 7 Stevenson st.
SALOON FOR SALE IN COUNTRY; DESIR-
able location; splendid opportunity for Ger-
man; 250. Apply Call OHlce.
SALOON FOR SALE - GREAT BARGAIN;
low rent. 734 Fourth su
808 LUNCH
place; good location: cheap rent; on account of
leaving city, must be sold for your own ofterin"
Apply Call Office. " ■""'
AKERY AND NOTION S~CHEAP; RENT
$8: no agents. Inquire this office.
QQSA\ SALOON; OIib^ESTABLISHED COR-
._ .t.j'f. ner. newly fitted up. Apply SW.oor.
Eighth and Howard st«.
C. WILL TAKE A
partner. Inquire 1783 Mission st.
CJt7F;A BUTCHER ""BUSINESS] SELLING
•..••-'""• -i beeves, 25 sheep, 6 bogs, 500 pounds
Vr-al awoek; lent $14: 4 .-rooms. Inquire at
452 Tehnma st., bet. Fifth and Sixth. .
TV I- I . :.■ X" N"OW N A I I .\ BALOO N WITH
X lease offered forasleat a sacrifice; disagreement.
of partners cause: line chance for right party. 541
California .si.
( b"AL"~AND~FEEb BUSIXEHK IN OAKLAND,
ciearins; from $5 to S8 per day. J. 11. EDSON,
£0 Pablo aye., Oakland.
"jT'OR KALE-^M"Y~HALF- INTEREST IN r:ES^
X taurant; cheap; other business cause. Apply
29 Sixth su •
Jr»O A OS ACCOUNT* OF SICKNESS—
Bakery: cheap for caih. 1817 Powell st.
j Tn'lirST^riZTss'H ALOON FORxALE; LOCA-
X I tioj; tr«ile; lease. Add. C. H., box 119, Call. '
AND POOL 1 w.U ; A BARGAIN.
j* riftt-eatli are. and San Bruno road. H.
HCHUUR. - - ' ■
IDDLe'.AOEiJla'd V WANTS A PARTNER
_ _ insalooii:_sloo. Inquire at Call omcc. '
1 > A"R(JATN~^rKETIRI NO FROM BUSINESS";
-'■» iamily hotel; 30 years: 50 rooms; ber; restau-
I^ ut [ most centrally located. Apply 507 line st.
99?v~BHANCH BAICEII.Y", CANDY, STA-
' - — — '•>■ tionery store: 4 living-rooms; rent $18;
lio^n_ t^:^2^Kitiii st^ ... ----.--' ;..'
r'OOI) OPPORTUNITY FOR AN INVEST-
v-« tnent of about $50,000 in safe commercial
business Address It. D., box 43, this office. :L';v ::
ViV' 1 •'•' IToCTE~Fou SALE, TELEGRAPH
-» lfl : district, covers 18 blocks; can be bought
cneap, ana chances for increase are very, good.
Apply this office, principals o»1v- • ' " '
C\%3££S?£ BEST IN AMERTcA-TnE
i^.?La. v . IjY CAJjL -««nt to any address in the
tse free? "or Canada one year lor 81 50, post "
iODGING-HbllsiJs FOB SALE.
CJI9AA ~10-ROO3I HOUSE; GOOD LOCATION;
«35Z,UU. IS rooms; best corner in city #1,600
14 rooms, on Geary st . 850
20 rooms; suuny corner; must sell 700
10- room house; very central. 160 '
H. C. DECKER, 1206 Market St., cor Taylor.
AAiTtO LOAN- ON FURNITURE.
DECKER, 1206 Market st. [
d! 19 A A 40-ROOM HOUSE. NEAR THE
C I —V'U. Baldwin. DECKER, 1206 Market.
"ffiTfT-Tn LO-BOOM HOUSE: CLEARING $40.
<JpXUU. DECKER, 1206 Market st.
l*A ROOMS; FINE CORNER; WORTH $5000 ;
Uvf $2000 will buy IU See DECKER, 1206 Market.
l~(U\ -ROOM LODGING-HOUSE; pH aI"
XUU rent; price $1500: must be sold; owner
leaves city. DECKER, 1206 Market St.
1  ROOMS— NEAR THE MAZE; EASY PAY-
I'» ments; must sell; price $850. DECKER,
1206 Market si.
<<;nfT~i* ROOMS, ALL FRONT; FINE
%pI)UU. furniture: north of Market; part cash;
sacrifice, JOHNSTON, 26% Kearny st. :'•-'. ■
< I OR ING-HOUSE"; 20 ROOMS. CALL
<InX— mO. 48 Seventh st.. iiysiairs.
FOKXITHKE FOIt SALE.
\\TE WILL MOVE FEBRUARY 1 ■
> » Previous to moving to 747 Market st. we oner !
our entire slock of furniture and carpets at tre-
mendous reduction. No reasonable offer refused. |
Roxbury Brussels (laid) •"•>•£• 7.5° j
English Linoleum (laid) .....35c
SHIREK A SHIREK, 1310-12 Stockton at.
G. KRASKY, FURNITURE AND BED-
• ding; new folding-beds, 49 and up; step-lad-
ders, 20c pr step; furniture exchged. 779 Mission st. |
EDUCTIONS ON LARGE STOCK, NEW AND !
X\i second-band- 400 carpet* good as new; oil- !
cloth, 2 Be: parlor suits, $19 up: linoleum, 45c; 7- !
piece chamber suits, $14 50: cornice poles. 25c:
ranges. $6; cash or installments; goods shippei
tree. T. 11. NELSON. 126 Fourth st.
T7U.)R BARGAINS IN FURNITURE AND AR-
" tides Of every description. D. McKAL, 829
Mission St.
FURMT L BE •ffAMTBP
A^nri^rcE~ pxri7T\>sr> r uH 5 1 r 6 be. j a-
VJ COB SCHWERDT, 821 Mission, bet. 4th & sth.
AM l I.V HIGHEST PRICE PAID FOB I
second-hand furniture and carpets by Lundy
Furniture Co.. 813 Market St.: call or send postal. '
CARPKX l i. fc:Al i£^:
C,> D AND renovated !
ilke new. FERGUSON & CO., 23 Tenth; teL I
South 36. D. MACKINTOSH 4 C0., successors. j
JI [TCHELL carpet cleaning co., 240
. 14th St.; cleaning 3c a yard. Tel. Mission 74.
C" IITY STEAM CAR ANING.RKNOV A-
) ting, 88 Bth. STEVENS, mgr. Tel. South 250.
J MCQUEEN'S CARPET BE All Ni ; AND I■: \-
. OTatlng works. 463 Stevenson: tel. south 228. |
XTATIONAL CARPET BEATING AND RENO-'
IN vatin? Works HAMPTON : layin-
and alterinsr. 313-315 Guerrero: Tel. Mission 244.
\VrHEN~YOU BECOME DISGUSTED WITH
» f poor work send to SPAULDING'3 PioneerCac-
ret Beating Works. 353-7 Tehama: t«-i. So-40.
i -uNKI.INS CARPET BEATING WOKKa. Hi
\J f!old"n Cat a »vc. : telephone east 126. ' ■
PIANOS. VHILI.NS, ETC.
C*l\(\ UPRIGHT PIANO; ALSO SQUARE~"IN
t£)O\J, good order. Storage-house, 211 Larkin st.
Tj-'OR CASH; WILL SELL i LARGE UPRIGHT
, -C piano; price $90. Room 21, Fiood building.
TUNE CHICKERING; BEAUTIFUL CASE;
X will be sacrificed at once by party leaving the <■
city; cash or installments. Room 10, Flood bldi;. j
E ANT STEIN WAY OFFERED BY I'ATRY
requirins cash at once; a flue instrument.
Boom 21, 809- Market st. |
QECOND-HAND DECKER & SON PIANO; I
0 great bargain. The Zeno Mauvais Music Com- ]
pany, 769 Market st.
PIANO GIVKN AWAY: ABSOLUTELY NO
X charge. Particulars at BBUENN'S, 228 Post.
I'ivtTii FISCHER, UPRIGHT; good as <
1 new; $150. WM.G. BADGER, r. 1, 26O'Farrell
QOA G R A T BARGAIN; ROSEWOOD
i^O\J. piano, $5 installment. 221 Leavenwonh. ;
AINES BROS. PIANO. PATTi'S PREFER-
ence: also renowned Bush & Gerts 1 piano.
A L. BANCROFT A CO., 824 Post st.
pOXOVER~PIANOI AS GOOD AS NEW;
\J great sacrifice. The F. W. SPENCER COM- '
PANY, »3ti Post st.
01 1 A BARGAIN; FINE UPRIGHT: GOOD
«riiU. condition. JOSEPH SCHMITZ & CO.,
16 McAllister st- .
"VTEW UPRIGHT PIANO, ORGAN, FOLDING
i-\ bed; must be sold. L., box 8, Call Office.
PIANOS- • .;-->?- v.
X Hazelton, Hemme and Long, Brown and
Simpson ; easy terms. V 35 Market st.
HICKEKING, KNABE, STECKTvoSE, BTER-
ling pianos: see our n»w piano for $187: pianos
lor rent. BENJ. CURTAZ iV; SON, 16 O'Farrell.
REAT BABOAIA IN PIANOS, HORNUNG'S
VJT Piano House, 216 Post St.
W'M. G. BADGER REMOVED TO 26 O'FAR-
' » rell, room 1, tir.it Moor: take elevator; pianos
and organs sold for cash or installments.
S~OUR NEW RENT" CONTRACT PLAN j
for sfllint; pianos has met with great success
we have decided to continue supplying purchasers
that wish to take advantage of if please call and ;
1 have it explained. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO.,
| corner Kearny and Sutler sts. • ■ ; •
£• 1 7 X CASH ORINSTALLMENTS: WEBER
*ZIX 10. upright; perfect order. 1039 Van Ness.
BROS., STEINWAY.FIfcCHER AND
XJ other nrst-class makes of pianos: little used;
cheap for cash or on easy terms. KOHLER <fc
CHASE. 28 and 30 O'Farrell su
EASY TERMS;;LOW PRICES. KOULER &
CHASE.
B. 1 OH MAUZY, 308 POST SOHMER,
Newby & Evans, Brings and other pianos.
QUPEBIOB VIOLINS, zithers, OLD 4 NEW
O H. MULLER, maker, repairer, 2 Latham clace.
QTEINWAY, $215; WEBER, $265; SOMER,
0 «237; Wily, *125; squares, $35 and $55.
HEINE, 410 Post st. ::
A RRIVED— A LOT OF CELEBRATED HIGH-
xV grade T. L. Neumann pianos for the holidays:
prices and terms moderate, H. LUEDERS, 82
Ninth st, '
01' FOR BUSINESS. . ~
The finest line of new pianos for rent and sals
in San Francisco. J. HARRY SCOTT,
929 Market at., bpreckels building.
HORSES.
O^F^TTiT^vfA^r^lToirii^RS^rAlfD^BlTG^^
Apply 402 Devi. sad ero St., city. ■
OFFEB WANTED FOR GOOD PEDDLING OR
delivery horse. 1330 Sanchez st.
"1 ftA Ilr.Al) OF WELL-BBOKEN WORK AND
IUU driving horses: just from the country;
draught horses weighing from 1600 pounds up;
fast trotters; pacers. G. i.indaukh, 862 Howard.
IrtOBSALE OR EXCHANGE— FINE ROAD-
ster: will drive double or single: can be seen at
Olympic Club Stable. For particulars apply at
604 Sutter st. ■ • "■
1 r A SETS NEW AND SECOND-HAND HAR-
X <)\J ness: ail kinds; wagons, buggies, horses and'
scrapers: sand-wagons. 1128 Mission st.
ORSES PASTURED; $2 A MONTH; GOOD
care and feed; send for circular. ha Hyda
ranch, 630 Commercial st. . -
DR. C. H. WESTPHAL, VETERINARY SUR-
Keon for S. F. Police Department. Office and
hospital, 121 City Hall aye. : telephone south 401. I
HORSES FOR BALE; ALSO WAGONS
tU buggies, carts, harness; Grand Arcade Hone
Market, 327 Sixth st. ; auction sales every Wer"nea-
day. "J.LI VAN <fc DOYLE, Auctioneers. |
"1 AA SETS SECOND-HAND HARNESS; ALL
X\J\J kinds; second-hand wagons, bug?y, carts;
also 20 cheap horses. Fifteenth and Valencia sts. ',
— —■"■—■ ss: |
FOR SALE— MISCKLLAMiOUS.
VXN^^C^~^TDuItSA^HC^TIE?N^T'OR
-T sale cheap. 1384 Sixteenth St., Oakland.
I/ol; SALE— MINE ON THE MOTHER LODE
X in El Dorado County favorably located and close
to railway; title, U. S. Patent: considerable devel-
spment: large vein; owner lacks capital; will sell
parlor w:.ole; open for inspection. For particu-
lars address A. E. HAMILTON, P. O. box 66,
Placerville, Cal. -r - --
Good range with kitchen utensils
at 612 Sacramento st. ■ ,
BELLOWS, ANVIL, VISE, STEAM PUMP,
small steam boiler and engine. 631 Howard st.
Ji-OR SALE— VERY CHEAP, FIVE SECOND-
band French ranees and 100 cook stoves; all
sizes. Call at once, SHUSTER BROS., 306 Sutter.
.". A A SECOND-HAND CARPETS, ALL SIZES
iJ\J\J and prices from 25c per yard up. J.
NOON AN, 1017 to 1023 Mission St., above Sixth.
"V^ E W '95 HIGH-GRADE. 21 POUND, $105
1.1 bicycle, $40. J. 15., box 38, Call Office.
BUY YOUR BABY carriages AND rat.
tan furniture at 'the 'factory and save middle-
man's profit; we will treat you right. CALIFOR-
NIA RATTAN COMPANY, 61 First, nr. Mission.
G6l DEN GATE GAS ENGINE. 1 APPLY TO
VJ" Browning «£ Bremer, gun store, 820 Kearny st.
BABY CARRIAGES AND RATTAN FURNI-
-U ture: call and get our prices; costs nothing,
S.inset Rattan Company, 104 O'Farrell St., near
Stockton.
X\ AROUTFITS.MIRRORS.CASH REGISTERS,
XJ geales. etc.; cheapest. MEEK, 1118 Mission st.
I," 1 1. AND BURGLAR SAFE, .LETTER-
X press, platform scales and desk -.cheap. 1 02 Clay
VI ON ARCH CARD SLOT MACHINES J< OK
I>X mii (.-or given away. KAHN & CO.. 220 Cal. St.
ONE SMALL MEDIUM AND LARGE SIZK
fire and burglar proof safe. 221, 223 Market st.
ATEW RANGES CHEAPER THAN SECONI>
i.> hand. -W. S. RAY Mfz Co.. 12 California st. "
C 1 6UNT E R H, SHELVING. SHOWCASES
/ bought android 1121*£ Market bet- 7th and
fhvsicxans. .
Dr. c i^^hy'slc^^T^gTcol^rTTya?,
University i Italy. Nucleus b1d^,661 Markt
REM OVSb— DR. C. C. O'DONNELL *TO 120H
Market st. : diseases of \vomen a specialty. -
SJiWINti MACHINES. "~^
liTkindsljought, sold. exchangel),
rented, repaired; lowest rates. 205 Fourth sU
-■:'-•• ■•' • ■- • ■ • ■
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 22, 1896.
HOUSES TO lrt.
OU^E^ r IuCE^uIJNY r ROOMB AND BATH;
yard. .: 224y 3 O'Farrell st.; rent $35. ,
..-1 .- GEABY— HOUSE ■OF 11 ROOMS. AND
ZiLl. bath; rent reasonable; key at 217%. .
fI» 9Q (\ WATER FREE; MODERN
«J) — O . kj\J . house ; •6 ■ rooms, alcove, bath, serv-
ant's room, laundry; planked basement. . 1505
Jacuson st.; key at corner house.
919 PERRY ST.— HOUSE OF 4 • ROOMS AND
_ 1 _. basement; rent $12 50: water free." Apply
G. H. UMBSEN& CO., 14 Montgomery st. •
HOUSE OF 6 ROOMS AND BATH AND
yard; 147 Valencia St.; rent $16. Apply 2838
M Isslon. • -■'■■• •■ : ■'■ 
AVED-DOLLARS, DIMES AND NICKELS
0 by renting* house from BALDWIN <fc HAM
MONI) 10 Montgomery st. ■"
FUUMSHED HOUSES.
HANDSOME, SUNNY. NICELY FURNISHED
house: very reasonable to small family. Ap-
ply WILL K. FISHER .V; CO , 14 Post street.
COTTAGES TO LET. - -■'■■'-I';.
$TT~^?i^SMAL^COTTA^ET^S~TA^ r STn
-L i- 'O\J. near cor. Clay and Powell.
qilQ CA CHEAP COTTAGE. 11 RUSSELL
'iT''.«Jv./. St., near corner Hyde and Union.
FLATS TO LIST.
MODERN 5- ROOM~FL AT^7^T~f>f^AirirDAY~.
916 Capp st., near Twenty-fourth. . ' :
LEGANT FLAT, 6 .BOOMS; BATH AND
large cellar. 713 Grove st. ■
UN :Y CORNER FLAT, 7 ROOMS; BATH;
basement. 333 Halght. corner Webster.
©97 rA SUNNY BAY-WINDOW FLAT.
CP—i I .O\J. 1804 Washington St., near Polk; 6
rooms and bathroom. ]
ELEGANT SUNNY FLATS, 3 ROOMS. 202
Grove st., corner Van Ness.
UNNY UPPER iVLAT; .7 ROOMS; BATH;
latest improvements; cor. oak. and Scott sts.
3"" SUNNY ROOMS " AND ~ BATH, $13.. NE.
corner Polk and Jackson sts.
I* I 9 FLAT; 4 ROOMS; HALL AND YARD.
tlDXiij. 444 Clementina si.. near sixth.
Ip i.A 1: 6 ROOMS; BATH; S22. 119 WILLIAMS
. St., near Post. :
J K W ~~ BAY-WINDOW FLAT; 5 LIGHT
J-> rooms; $18: bath, gas, tubs. 911 Folsom, near
Fifth.
©TO LOWER FINE SUNNY FLAT. 3 JANE
'.'■—• pi., off Pine St., nr. Mason; healthiest part
of town
"L OK SALE— LOVELY FURNISHED" HOME; 6-
X roomed flat lor young couple. 614 a Turk st.
SUNNY UPPKR FLAT: 6 ROOMS, BATH AND
0 basement. 396 Waller st., cor. Fillmore.
SUNNY ROOMS AND BATH, $20; ALSO
cottage. Brooms, $15. Key at 1706 Hyde st.
MODERN NEW SUNNY FLAT; LOW RENT; 7
I\L rooms: bath and garden; top of hill. 923 Fell.
D NN V FLAT 3 ROOM S; GARDEN; ALSO
one 4 rooms, bath: $13 anil $16. 1706 Posh st.
"©"I 7 LOWER FLAT, 5 ROOMS AND BATH.
«3)X I • 1027 Post St., bet. Polk and i-arkin.
SAVE CAR FARE— BEST FLATS .IN THE
city: 5 and 6 rooms, bath; sunny central loca-
tion; nice neighborhood ; keys NE. cor. Mason and
Sacramento sts. Apply 320 Sansome st., room 4.
1f»OUB ROOMS AND BATH, LILY AYE.;
. rent $15. Owner .111 Van Ness aye.
IT EBY FINE FLAT; 7 ROOMS; LARGE
V yard; low rent. 2510 Mission; key next door.
91 A X FAIR OAKS— NEW SUNNY LOWKR
— lii nat; 5 rooms, bath; $17 50. DMBSEN &
CO.. 14 Montgomery st.
CO Q 7-ROOM FLATS; CLOSETS, STOVES.
®J.O. water, dumb waiter; all modern; at 956
Union st., Oakland,' near Adeline • local station;
better than any $30 ' cottage In Oakland. To let
by KOENIG & KROLL, 1006 Broadway, Oakland.
TTPPER FLAT; 27SHOTWELL ST.; 6 BOOMS
U handsomely papered; bath; basement: quiet
borne for old people; $23; water free. Apply down-
stairs.
ELEGANT NEW FLATS, SEVENTH ST., BE-
■Xli low Bryant. 5 and 6 rooms, bath: $8 to $16.
QAVED- DOLLARS, DIMES AND NICKELS
i~ by renting a Hat from BALDWIN & HAM-
MOND 10 Montgomery St.
pHEAFEST AND BEST IN AMERICA— THE
\J WEEKLY CALL, sent to any address in the i
United States or Canada one year for $1 50, post- j
age. free. . !
HOLSKKKKM.N(i JK.OOJIS.
Broadway.
Af\O BROADWAY— NICELY FURNISHED
rt\JO housekpgroomß; also single: well cleaned.
Bush Street.
7AOI BUSH— I OR a SUNNY ROOMS AND
I y.'jC'i kitchen for housekeeping.
California Street. .
m CALIFORNIA— FURNISHED ROOMS, $4
I XX up; also housekeeping rooms.
i-ddy Street.
1 OAa EDDY— NEWLY FURNISHED HOUSE-
x£\j keeping rooms. • -.--.■
Of O EDDY-SMALL FURNISHED SUNNY
J-O room, $5 a month.
Kills Street.
71 Q ELLIS— 2 SUNNY FURNISHED PAR-
I XO lors; provided with gas range; lighthouse-
keeping.
'JOX ELLIS-PLEASANT, DE.SIKALE SUITE;
I OO also large alcove room; private family.
i olsoni Street.
70?; FOLSOM— SUN NY FURNISHED FRONT
• I DO room; light housekeeping; $8 per month.
Fourth *>treet.
QA7 FOURTH —LA ROK SUNNY FUR-
OU i nished room for housekeeping: rent $2.
lieary Street.
IQI 7 GEARY - PARLOR, BEDROOM,
Xt7X I dining-room, sewing-room, kitchen, bath,
2 beds ; all necessaries ; $24/ •
r. ; \'K Golden <>at<> Avenue.
inn GOLDEN GATE AYE.— FINELY FUR-
i-ulu nished sunny bay-window, lst floor: every
convenience for bousekpg; yard; rent reasonable.
Grant Avenue. . -\ r^ ; ;{j-
"l 7 GRANT AYE. — CHANGED HANDS;
XI newly furnished rooms, single or en suite;
transient.
Hayes Street.
141 Q 1 HAVES - 2 OB 3 FURNISHED
XrrXt/2 housekeeping rooms; use of kitchen and
hot and cold water. ■ • =
Hawthorne Street.
99 HAWTHORNE fBINOON HILL)- SUNNY
— — single and double rooms for gentlemen in
Protestant family. r ■'..?:"
H -.*-.■>.'" ■;. Howard Street.'
OCX HOWARD - HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS;
OxJO parlor floor. '. .. ■
1 1 OOa HOWARD, NEAR SEVENTH -2
J-^-O large rooms furnished for housekeeping;
Victor range, closets, bath, etc; in American
family; will rent cheap to quiet, sober people. •
"1 "1 4.9 HOWARD— 2 FURNISHEU. HOUSE
J- i-Tt^i keeping rooms; water, range, bath; rent
$10*
Hyde Street.
GAQ HYDE . ST.— SUNNY HOUSEKEEPING
\J\JU rooms, en suite or single; terms moderate.
LeaTenworth street.
Q-| A LEAVENWORTH-SUNNY BASEMENT
OX V suitable for oflice or housekeeping.
Minna Street. ■
AZA MINN A— 2 08, 3 ROOMS COMPLETE FOR
ttUT: housekeeping; separate entrance.
McAllister Street. ~
(*1 Ql McALLISTER-1 LARGE FURNISHED
UX»72 room for housekeeping; cheap.
Mission Street.
QQQ MISSION— I LARGE FRONT ROOM, $8-
-000 also suite, $12: single room, $1. ■ '
Q/^Q MISSION^ FURNISHED SUNNY
OUO rooms for housekeeping.
Q9F: 1 MISSION — COMPLETELY FUKN-
t7ZiU3 ished sunny housekeeping rooms; exclu-
sive; bath and porch. ... .
1 A 9/1 MISSION— FRONT SUNNY BAY-WIN-
XV/^.tt dow room other housekpg rooms; cheap.
* Natomn Street.
rnrr NATOMA— FURNISHED ROOMS COM-
*J\J I plete for housekeeping; 2 forslo, single $8.
Ninth Street. ~~ "~~
OAQ NINTH— NICELY FURNISHED FRONT
O\JO room, housekeeping; bath.
OTarrell Street. • - ..
AOI O'FARRELL-2 OR 3 NICELY FUR-
iOI nished rooms: complete for housekeeping.
Folk Street. .
IQI7PO L X - 3 NICELY • FURNISHED
Xt/X I rooms: single or for housekeeping.
. . Sixth! Street. " ■'.'*.:■.■ -•='<':
m SIXTH-CHE IN THE ClTY-
cozy housekeeping rooms and single. '
• Stockton street. v ...
7 AQ 'STOCKTON— NICELY FURNISHED
I \JO sunny single rooms, $6 upward. . .
Van .lens Avenue. , .
Q9A VAN NESS AYE. - NICELY FUR-
KJ^yt nished sunny front room for housekeeping.
Washington street.
1 QQO WASHINGTON, NEAR JONES-MA-
LOO\J rine view; 3 newly furnished housekeep-
ing rooms, detached ; gas range, etc.; desirable. ;
.■; .■ Welsh Street. .,:,,., ; -;
1 1 A WELSH.OFFFOURTH-4 NICELY FtTR-
-111 uisiied rooms, housekeeping; yard; cheap.
nooms TO LEt.
■ ;. : '"California Street, f:
nrqi CALIFORNIA ST.— 3 ELEGANTLY
sLiiJOl furnished rooms and bath; cheap. ■
Iviitly Street. . ..
I I Q EDDY-SUNNY ROOMS; NEW FURNI-
XXO ture; clean beds; $5 up; also light house-
keeping. . • '■
EDDY— FURNISHED LARGE SUNNY
iJO\J room, with grate, $7: also others, $5.
■ Eighth street.
SHERMAN APARTMENT HOUSE, 28 BTH
St., near Market; furnished and unfurnished..
Ellis Street.
C9Q ELLIS-DESIRABLE SUNNY UNFUR-
0~0 nished parlor floor, suitable for doctor or
dentist, or light housekeeping.
Fifth Street.
Q9X FIFTH-CLEAN FURBISHED ROOMS
O£O $5 to $7 a month. ■'■.'■•;. . .
I'oisom Street, *";, »ij-
C9A FOLSOM, NR. FOURTH— FUR-
O^U nished rooms, $1 per week. _^
. Geary Street.
Cl 0 GEARY— NICE, SUNNY ROOMS, SUIT-
OX O able for doctor's offices; single and en suite;
furnished, unfurnished; housekeeping; also store.
liolden (>ate Avenue.
9-1 Q GOLDEN GATE AVE.-P L A AN T
Z.X.X3 sunny double and single rooms.
OS) A GOLDEN GATE AVE.— KICELY FUR-
\)£rX- nished sunny front suite; use of kitchen.
Jessie Street.
/JQ^ JESSIE, NSAR MINT — PRIVATE
rtOO family; 8 neat slnglerooms: rentss and $6
.Jones Street.
9A7 JONES — THE VAN WINKLE: NEW
-"I management: elegant sunny suites and
single; newly furnished; bath, etc.; $10 to 830.
Kearny Street.
A RLI.NGTON HOUSE, 127 KEARNY— PLEAS-
JtV ant, sunny rooms, en suite and single; first clait
in every respect ; terms reasonable.
i.:n ■•: in Street.
Q-| Q LARKIN-HANDSOMELY FURNISHED
OXO suite of parlors; private family; running
water: gas.
1 AT Q LARKIN, COR. SUITER — NEWLY
1' '1 O furnished suites: single: housekeeping.
Leaven worth Street.
Ql A LEAVENWORTH, NR. 8U TTER— SON
OXU ny alcove suites; very desirable for gentle-
men; $20.
■ Market Street.
777 MARKET — NICELY FURNISHED
ill suites and single: hoi:s<-icpg; also offices. •
■yosEMiTB HOUSE, 1045 MARKET. BET.
X Sixth and Seventh— Single and suites; per
eight, 35c to 51 : week, 91 60 to So: (amllles
SlcAilister Street.
T>ED,ROOM AND KITCHEN; ' UNFUR-
X) nished. 340 McAllister St., downstairs.
Minna street.
i PCZ7 MINNA. COR. EIGHTH— NEWLY FUR-
UU • nished bay-window rooms; $1 a week:
transient. . ■
1 ___
Mission Street.
3 SUNNY, FURNISHED ROOMS FROM $1
up; also housekeeping room; reasonable. sill
Mission st.
UROPE HOUSE, 11(59 MISSION— NICELY
furnished rooms, single or en suite; transients.
RAND SOUTHERN — SE. COU..7TH AND
Mission, reopened ; thoroughly renovated ;sunny
front rooms; elegantly furnished ;slngle or en suite;
stationary washstancis and running water in
every room: choicest location; terms reasonable.
\Natoina Street.
1 flfl 9 N ATOM A ST.— FURNISHED SUNNY
X\J\J~ rooms.
O'Farrell Street.
I 99 OVFARRELL — NICELY FURNISHED
I.AUU room fora gentleman; all conveniences;
central; $8.
O'JPARBEL] — FURNISHED SUNNY
— — .— vj front rooms; light housekping if desired.
I'ine Street.
f»9"l PINE— PLEASANT FRONT ROOM, ?8;
\)&X suitable for 2 gentlemen. ;
Post Street.
IQA^POST— 2 NICELY FURNISHED
XOV± suites: also single for housekeeping.
butter Street.
£QA SUTTER— LARGE, SUNNY, front
U«JU suite for offices: hot and cold water. .
Taylor Street.
A I A TAYLOR — NICELY FURNISHED
*i!-Tt front room; gentlera»n on'-. . ■ -■ ..■ i
C 99 TAYLOR— NEWLY FUR NISHED SUN
<J~_ ny rooms; thoroughly re3pectable.
Third Street.
T\riNCnESTER HOUSE— 44 THIRD, NEAR
»T. Market; most convenient and respectable: 200
rooms 25c to $1 60 per night; si 60 to $6 per week;
electric lights in every room: reading r"ni; free bus.
"Turk Street.
909 1 TURK-SUNNY FRONT ROOMS; ELE-
Z, 1/^.2 gantly furnished: single and en suite; rea-
sonable. . • .
£ 9/1 1 TURK-2 PARLORS, NEWLY" FUR- !
"»"'■! nished for hoaHekeeping: rentglS.
BOAHIJING A>l> KOOAI.S.
TCUJCOANTLY^JtoSnISHED SUN N V IR< i'vr
X\i suites, with first-class board, suitable for 2 or
4 gentlemen; all modern conveniences. Apply
515, Taylor st. .;;.."?■,
Q(\O BUSH, COR. STOCKTON— THE GRENO-
UUO ble— Newly and elaborately furnished rins. ;
jingle or en suite: bocrd optional; terms reasonable.
CAT ELLIS-NICELY FURNISHED ROOM,
Ot/1. with board; French family; terms moder-
ate; references.
I^AC VAN NESS AYE. — FURNISHED
llvt' front suite, with board: also single room.
IF YOU WANT A PLEASANT HOME CALL
X at Van Ness aye., cor. Bush st. ; the Winder-
mere; references required.
09/* EDDY— NORMANDIK; SUNNY
0.-1U single rooms; table board ; teims reasonable.
OTEL BERTLING, 714 BUSH— A FAMILY
hotel: references given and required; all mod-
ern conveniences.
{CHEAPEST AND BEST IN AMERICA—
\J WEEKLY CALL, sent to sny address In the
United States or Canada one year for $1 60, pos>
aae free.
. CBILDKEN BOAEDISO.
QAQ HO\\^RD^^Al^Er7~T^6^"T"cHlL^
O^tV dren to board; mother's care.
TTiNGLISH WIDOW WISHES 2 CHILDREN TO
XJ board; rooms for parents. 47% Gilbert st;
\«' A 1:111 OR 9 CHILDREN TO BOARD;
'» Urge yard. 415 Jersey, bet. Noe and Castro.
W ANTED— I OR MORE CHILDREN- TO
» ' board : good home. 1 Til) 7 Twenty-fourth st.
STORKS TO JLKT.
r HiirsT^E~\v7Ti^^oL : )M^rr7^^^
-*■' ness location; rent $15: water free; every-
thing in good order: 1509Vs Howard st., near
Eleventh. Apply to P. C. MOLLY, 138 Montgom-
ery st. - - , ' - .
A RKET-ST. STORE ; LOCATION THE
best: vacant from Feb. 1; rent reasonable.
Apply to p. C. MOLLOY, 138 Montgomery st.
OFFICES TO let, 7~
ot~t""geary— pa^l^r^fl^drT^uitable
■^11 for business; key at 217y 3 .
ELEGANT OFFICES IN NEW SPRECKIStiS
Ii building, 925; Market: rents low; no extra
ciiarge for gas, janitor services or heating. Apply
»t building or G. 11. VMBSKS A CO., 14 Montg. at.
M.ONKV TO LOATH. "
- -^.- . .^...^...m -.-»..,..■> ■■.- .. ~>- - - ■ '
MONEY LOANED 1 ON JEWELRY AND
other valuables at the Security Loan Office,
1106 Market st. .or. Mason: private entrance 7 Turk.
IRECT FROM US ON YOUR FURNITURE
or piano; no removal; no delays; no commis-
sions; low interest; also warrants discounted. Prl-
vute. office rm. 68, Donohoe bulld'g, 1170 Market st.
"1 ST&2D MORTGAGES; INTERESTS IN-ES-
Xtate«;lowest ratea;no deIay.MURPHY.62B Mrku
BORROW MONEY ON YOUR PIANO WlTH-
out removal, diamonds, watches, jewelry, seal-
skins, silverware, sewing machines, oil paintings;
low Interest: perfect secrecy; private entrance;
private rooms. UNCLE HARRIS, 15 Grant avenue
ONBY TO LOAN ON MORTGAGES OK COL-
laterals. JAMES E. DAMON. 303 Montgy;s:.
MONEY LOANED, 6% PER CENT ON MORT-
_ gages. A. F. JOHNS & CO., 632 Market st.
T OANS ON REAL' ESTATE : ALSO SECOND
Xj mortgage*, furniture or pianos without re-
moval In the city and Oakland or Alameda any
amount: lowest rates. BECKER, 240 Montgomery.
T OANS— FIRST AND BECOND MORTGAGES;
XJ city or country: furniture and pianos; business
strictly private. .. Room 88. Chronicle building. :
A DVANCESONDIAMONDS.JEWELHY, ETC
Columbia Loan & Collateral Office, 9 Grant aye.
AN AMOUNT: IST, 2D or 3D MORTGAGES;
A estates, undivided interests, real estate in pro-
bate. McCOLGAN, 24 Montgomery, rooms 2-3.
MORTGAGES, PHOBAf E LOANS, WAR-
rants. SALOMON .v CO.; 328Montgmry,r.2U.
pTwnbeok l -->^;~
T i2«TKEARNY SIV ROOM "^-'mONEY
loaned, watches, diamonds, etc.; low rates: pri-
vate rooms: elevator: pledges for sale cheap. ! - . -
MONK* WANTED.
mTn 7v f\^ AT^EA^ONA^BL^BIINTE^tE^T^ON
qpO\JVJ\J jinincumbered.:.- gilt-edged property;
; worth over 920,000. Address Loan, box 90, Call. -( !
CITY REAL ESTATE.
p H. UMBSEN & CO.. ~
REAL ESTATE AGENTS. RENT COLLECTORS
AND AUCTIONEERS.
14 Montgomery ru, near Market. -
Cell and obtain one of our "Real Estate Records.'
which contains a list of properties for sale in all
rartepf the city. ;: ,■■':,- ■ /
IMPROVED PROPERTY.
BARGAINS.
»^9t;n NICE HOME; SUBSTANTIAL 2-
tlptt^tJU. story bay-window • residence of 8
rooms and bath; all modern improvements and
conveniences; laundry; brick foundation; stable;
large lot; corner on Capp st. : ■ .
<£7Afin CORNER ON WEBSTER ST.: COT-
Cp I Uv/U. tage of 6 rooms and bath and large
lot, 37:6 feet.
<D»7;rnA BARGAIN; RENTS $74 PER
tip I O\J\J. month; Finest.; inside property; 3
houses of 6 rooms and bath each and 2 flats of 6
rooms each; lot 25x120; 2 frontages; both streets
accepted. ■ ,«
(EjOQAA investment ':? cottages! LOT
iSPZiO\J\J. 25x100; rent $216 per annum. Ala-
bama st. ; ' -.. ;
SOJAA, COZY BAY-WINDOW COTTAGE
— "iU". of 5 rooms and bath, laundry: brick
foundation, stone walks, etc.: will be sold on easy
terms. North side of Thirtieth st.
<Bi t\C\ KENT $720 PER ANNUM: 4 COT-
«E>U I i)U. tages and lot 80x75. Western Addi-
tion; corner; improving neighborhood.
(Jjin Ann A great BARGAIN; rent
«|P±U.wUU. $1440 per annum: several sub-
stantial houses and lot 75x112:6; street accepted.
Near Fifth and Harrison sts.
©HQ^rt ANOTHER GREAT BARGAIN:
'&\JOO\J. rent $72 50 per month; 3 substantial
and elegant flats on sunny Ride of Fulton st. : brick
foundation; all modern improvements and conven-
ences; lot 25x127:6. ■ '
<2>9fiflfi ON EASY TERMS; FLORIDA ST.;
yP^yJyJXJ. cottage of 4 rooms; lot 27x100.
e»qnnn another good INVESTMENT;
tjp O\J\JV . rent $85 per mouth; 4 substantial
bay-window flats; brick foundation, etc.; Jot27:6x
95; within a stone's throw of ; Market, st. and Van
Ness aye.
GUI 1 P\On RENT $1200 PKR ANNUM;
tip L.L.O\)\J. always rented; 6 substantial flats,
near 11th, and Mission sts. ; lot. 69i75; . street ac-
cepted by the city.
£> onnn rent $63 ,10 per MONTH; clay-
(JpOUlfU, st. investment; 2 houses of 8 rooms
and bath ench; brick foundation: street accepted:
10137:6x71.
©Qnnn HOWARD -ST. INVESTMENT: 3
tJPOUUU. nice bay-window flats of 5, 5 and 4
rooms and bath each, ;ind house of 4 rooms: brick
foundation; stone walks: mortgage of ' 4200, at
61/2 per cent, can remain if desired; lot 27x110. j
- G. H. UMBSEN & CO., 14 MoiUsomery st.
A.M. SPECK & CO., 602 MARKET ST. ~
• M. SPECK A CO.. 602 MARKET ST.
Insurance collections, safe deposit facilities ■
and finest auction-room in the city.
$100,000 to loan in sums to suit.
HOMES! FLATS! STORES!
10 houses to be sold to satisfy
mortgages. Terms, $200 down.
Every one offered worth double our
price. ■
. $2000-2 flats downtown; rent $18;
a snap. , . ■■■ ■;'■-■-.
$3000-2 new flats; rent $30: on car
line.
$5500—2 stores and flats; rents $43;
car line.
$6750—3 elegant flats near Haight
and FUlmore; rents $61: lot 25x110.
$8000— 3 flats on Bush, near Jones;
.' , . ■' rents $70.
$95,000— property; 3 front- -
ages: rents $800: lot 80x120 feet.
$12,000— Klegant corner; 6 flats; rents
$116; two car lines: all rented.
$10,000— Business property on Steuart
street, near Market.
$70,000— Corner: 70x100; within a
few blocks of Baldwin: rents $6000: •
worth $100,000: offer wanted at once.
$110,000— Business property on Mar-
ket St.: 2 frontages; oiler wanted; lot
50x165.
$90,000— Business property; nr. Ex-
aminer; lot 55x137.
' ' ' ! ; 1 ; HEAVY RAINS ' .
1 HAVE CAUSED
NO MUDDY STREETS •"•-,'
In the Castro-st. Addition; owing to gooa natural
drainage and the scientific system of sewerage all
of the streets are in splendid condition: the are
no other lots in the city for »350 to $460 where
the streets are graded, sewered and macadamized:
water piped to every lo. : electric lights on the
property; on the line. of the Guerrero-st.' electric
road; all ready to build on.
$5 A MONTH WILL BUY A LOT.
115 lots have been sold In the Castro-st. Addition
since December i. 1895, and if you will look a*, the
property you will understand the reason: we are
desirous of seeing the lots which have been sold
improved, and offer the following inducements to
t % ose who have purchased and also to those who
purchase before February 1 : Provided 5 houses
are built before April 1 we will distribute
$750 IN PRIZES
To those who have completed a bouse costing not
less than $750. Full particulars of our prize offer
and a diagram of the property with prices can be
obtained at our office.
BALDWIN & HAMMOND,
' 10 Montgomery st.
A T
AUCTION.
. PROBATE SALE.
Subject to the approval of the Superior
Court, the property known as
NOS. 617 TO tSli.v STEVENSON ST.,
wijl be sold at public auction, in our
office, at 12 o'clock, noon, on the 23d of
January, 1896. • , . ;;:.-; r,:.V
LOT 15 6x75.
Good improvements; all rented, and
bringing In an . income of $292 per
month. . Call for a diagram.
BALDWIN <fc
HAMMOND.
10 Montgomery st.
C. BEMIH. ~~ ~~~-
REAL ESTATE AND LAND AGENT,
. KEAL ESTATE AND LAND AGENT.
324 MONTGOMERY ST.
FOR SALE.
. $7200 rent a year — Brick banding; business
property on Market st.
120x196— NW. cor. of A st. and 'J7th aye.; as a
whole or In (subdivisions.
811.000— Cor. Pacific aye. and Baker st. ; 55x
187:6 feet.
$2600— E. side of .stanyan St., bet. Carl and
Frederick: 25x100 feet.
$450— San Carlo* Villa lot : 100x160 feet.
$6700— 50.x 127:6 feet on Jackson- St., overlook-
Ing the Presidio and bay.
$6000—2 modern houses of 8 rooms ■' each, at
park; 25x137:6 feet; electric road passes houses;
make offer.
- $2500— 2-story 8-roomed house on Harrison st.,
bet. First ana Fremont.
$400 — Lot on Duncan st., bet. >oo and Castro: 25
xl 14 feet.
$8500— Klep.ant'NW. corner of Cole and Carl sts.
— Choice building lots north of park.
IP OR SALE. ~~
1 THOMAS MAGEE A SONS,
REAL ESTATE AGENTS.
4 MONTGOMERY ST.
LARGE LOTS, $400 TO $1250. >
' Park aye.. facing Buena Vista Park; 25x122:6,
$1200 each; 26:6x135, $1250 each: fine view;
Park aye. macadamized; lots level.
TILDE LOTS.
25x125, $400 each: near 15th and Castro sts.
jn'E. cor. 16th and Flint sts,, just above Castro;
60x58:6. $900, tine view; or 68:6^0, $1550: or
corner 68:6x165. .
Tilden St.: 38 feet front; just above Castro, bet.
15th and 16th; $800. _
FLATS. 13 ROOMS AND BATHS, BAY-WlN-
dow, mantels.etc., built for s32oo; 5-room cottage
and bath, $1500. JAS McCOiV AH A V,1149 Mission
5j C DOWN, $5 * }' K B MONTH; CITY LOTS;
$0 $100 up. TH E MCCARTHY CO., 646 Market.
<JJ'l 1F SOLD TO-DAY; THIS LOT IS
t|ftX^U worth double: 2 blocks south of the
park; cash; title Insurance; see owner at once.
9 Powell St., room 3. s
fl KK"KLY— GOOD BERKELEY LOTS.
«U> 1- $100-Lot 100x100; $1 weekly; steep and
Cheap. -
$175— Lot 25x135; $1 weekly.
. $250— Lot 2bxl00: *1 weekly: sewered.
$825— Lot 25x100; $1 60 weekly; macadamized.
$250— Creek corner. 40x100; $1 weekly. . .
$150— Lot 24x100: $1 weekly.
tHAS. A. BAILEY, 48 Market St., or Berkeley
station, Berkeley. .... > - .--,
SACRIFICE— 76x100, WITH GOOD HOUSE
of 9 rooms; beautiful view; with use of stable
a.nd water works and large adjoining grounds;
price $4500, part cash; or would exchange.
•GEOKGE D. SHADP.URNE. 415 Moiuko i cry st.
m. Qonn A~FINE~MODERN cottage of 5
(JpO^UU. large sunny rooms and bath for sale
on easy terms, or will take vacant lots as part pay-
ment, or exchange for smalt place across the bay.
Address W. H. FOWLER, 318 Pine st. ;
mo BUY, SELL OR EXCHANGE REAL
X tate and business of every • description. A. J.
PROPER & CO., real estate, 626 Mrkt, downstairs.
T AKEVIEW. LOTS: NEAR NEW RACE-'
JJ track; low prices; easy terms. THE MCCAR-
THY CO., 646 Market st.
.CHEAPEST AND BEST IN AMERICA— THE
\J WEEKLY CALL, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for $1 60, post-
age free.
; / TO EXCHANGE. /
6 exchai?geT~
2 HOUSES, LOT 100x100,
, IN A LAM EDA,,
FOR LOS ANGELES OR SAN DIEGO
Vacant lots. - DECKER, 1206 Market at.
TpOR SALE OR EXCHANGE— FIVE LOTS IN
J? Mission, for rooming-house or business; ■; also
house and lot in Oakland. * Apply 111 Liberty st. ;
COINTKt REAL KSTATJe,.
qnly""r2oo cash ;~~ ~— ~~
Secures 10-acre ©retard home
In Santa Clara Valley, ' .
between San Jose and Stanford. *.■.',-.;
University. Deep, rich sediment
soil. The place you want a
. borne; will produce $2000 annually
• when trees are in bearing. ■ .
Right on the railroad;
close to station. " ■
Investigation costs you nothing;
send for catalogue.
WOOSTER A WHITTON, •
'7 West Santa Clara St., San Jose, Cal.
ft 9 7 E\(\ A FINE PAYING HOME RANCH
<ip£j I t»U. of '24 acres: near Santa Rosa; 3000
Drune trees; ■ family orchard;, modern 5-room
house; rood outbuildings: sacrificed. LEE
RISER, 306 Montgomery st.
<CQCAA 10, ACRES 25 MILES FROM SAN
«iTUUUU. Francisco, near Walnut Creek; 4
acres in choice fruit ; - 5-room modern house and
good outbuildings; fine surroundings; a good in-
come property ; 1 horse and buggy : harness; 1 cow;
.-SB hens and all farm tools; easy terms. LEE&
KISEK, 306 Montgomery St.
GREAT BAKU A IX —10 ACRES CHOICE
VJ level land all in fruit: mostly bearing; some
young trees; fine house: 19 rooms; windmill and
tank, barn, outbuilding; line well-water; near San
Leandro; electric road passes: part cash, balance
desirable property. B. FASSLER, San Leandro,
Cal.
TO LET-RANCH OF 160- ACRES IN CALA-
veras County. 40 acres clear; house and stable;
rent $50 a year. Apply O. R., 630 Montgomery st.
1 f|A ACRES OR LESS: FINE ORCHARD
x \J\r land at Haywards; « your own price. Ap-
ply 306 Fourth st. .
A TO 8 ACRE CHICKEN RANCHES ON 10
years' credit. P. H. TWIXO. Sonoma Clty.Cai.
FOR SALE OH EXCHANGE.
815 per acre; one of the best stock, grain and !
fruit farms in Napu' County: 600 acres- 8 acres '
orchard and vineyard '^00 acres in grain last year i
balance pasture; numerous springs on the place; i
house 7 rooms, barns and outbuildings. For fur-
ther particulars see P. H. JORDAN & CO.. 18
Post St., a. F.
RANGE BLOSSOM COLONY, ~~~ r - ~
OAKDALE, STANISLAUS CO., CAL.
Beautiful young orange groves in tracts of 5 acres
and upward, lying along the Stanislaus River, two I
and a half miles from Oakdale. the principal station
of the Southern Pacific Railroad on the line between
I Stockton and Merced. The Stanislaus and San
| Joaquiu Irrigation Company's canal runs directly
I through the colony and the property has a per-
| petual water right.
We are prepared to sell portions of the property I
either unimproved or already planted to Washing- j
ton Navels, Mediterranean Sweets and Maltese ■
; Bloods. Th« property is under the immediate !
I direction and care of an experienced horticulturist, i
■ . who has received diplomas and medals at eight !
! different county fairs in the State and for a small '
'. consideration cares for the orange groves for non-
residents. . . .- -
j A high and dry country, with a perfect natural !
I drainage system. All kinds of small game near by :
■ anorUs excellent sport for hunters. ■ •
! Prices for land, including a perpetual water right
I ana planted to orange trees, $175 per acre. Unim- I
i proved land wjtn fully paid up water rights, $70
1 per acre. Terms: The purchase price payable in
I six annual payments, without interest; title per-
; feet and liberal discount for cash.
For iurther particulars, maps and catalogues, ad-
dress
. KASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO.,
638 Market Street.
San Francisco. Cat
OrF. T. KXEWIXG, our representative,
. ' Oakdale, CaL
MAEIN COUNTY— OOQO ACRES 26 MILES
from San Francisco
Rancho de Novato. t]t.'.
Tracts cut any size desired; fruit, grain and '>
vegetable land, no irrigation ; both rail and water i
transportation; »40 to $75 acre; terms made
to suit ; send for circular.
Improved dairy farms for sale with cows.
SYNDICATE INVESTMENT COMPANY, 64
and 65 Chronicle building.
! SEND FOR OUR LIST OF ORCHARD HOMES
0 for sale. WOOSTER 4.WH ITTON. San Jose.
* WEEK'S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS — TK3S
| WEEKLY CALL. In wrapper, far mailing.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY.
x OAKLAND K£AL EBTATB.
HAVE A HOME BUILT ON YOUR OWN
plans; Oakland, Berkeley or Alameda; easy
terms; want to exchange choice orange lands for
vacant lots; land free and clear: will r.svime some
mortgage. CHAS. P. KERN, Central Bank build-
! ng, Oakland. ■
OOD INVESTMENT— LOT 100x133:8; MAG-
nolia St.; macadamized and sewered; $]•_>.
per foot if taken immediately. MARSHALL, 1118
• Broadway. • v ','< >-;
■pETIRING MERCHANT WlMllis n. , v . v i.-:
■Mi his grocery business for a 25-acre ranch, near
; Haywards or San Leandro. For full particulars
: address box 4, Call office. Oakland.
9 COTTAGES OF 6 ROOMS; ALL MODERN ;
I — large lots: situated on Fruit vale aye.: price
I $6000; exchange for ranch; will assume mort-
gage; also other propeity for exchangp. Address
! P. KELLY, Real Estate Exchange. 459 Ninth St..
i Oakland. .
i p2>~l A A LOTS AT FRUIT VALE (STATION;
I <^i-y\J. come to-day. LODGE & POWELL.
LARGE LIST OF CHOICE CITY AND COUN-
try property for sale and exchange. See E. E.
BONCE, 1008 Broadway, Oakland.
<& c )i\ MONTHLY FOR 5-ROOM COTTAGES:
<p«jl/ plans free. F. BOEGLE. Golden Uato statn.
©I XA LOJS NEAR THE ALTENHEIM IN
<VJ-U\J. Fruitrale; electric cars; only *1 down
' •nd $1 a week; selling fast: good Improvements.
I H. B. I'IN.XEY. owner. 802 Broadway. Oakland.
OAKLAND FLATS TO LET.
TTP^ET^ND~T^OWilß~FliAa^r~r^6oM"i
U each: sunny and clean; separate entrance;
I prefer adults; references: central. 615 Fifteenth
St.. Oakland. ■ ■ - ■
i
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— I43S PARK STREET.
ALAMbDA REAL KSTATIJ.
(j> 4Q AH house of s^r^omsT^iodern^
tP"±OUv/. near narrow-gauge station: street im-
proved; northwest corner; former price $6000.
81000; lot 60x200: street improved; former
price $1500.
T. F. BAIRD. Real Estate ana Insurance, 1303
Park st., Alameda.
©I f\(\ DOWN - ELEGANT NEW 6-ROOM
j <jpX W modern cottace in center of city, close to
, school and station; lot 35x160; price $2250. For
immediate sale Alaraeda Land Company, 1500
Park BU. Alameda. . - • -. -
SANTA CLARA COUNTY.
i — , — __ — _ '
KEAL .ESTATE.
OANTA CLARA VALLEY LANDS.
19.MJ0 acres in subdivisions for fruit planting.
Apply to C. H. PHILLIPS, proprietor.
89 East Santa Clara St., San Jose, CaX
ATTOKNEYS-ATVLA ~
D"vIc^^^ETTDIV^SRiSETi^D^ROBATE
laws a specialty; suit*. Superior, Justice and
Police Courts; terms reasonable; collections, etc.
6.W.HQWE. att'y-at-law, 850 Market.cor.Stocktoa
m J. MURKY, ATT'Y AND COUNSELOR AT
L .. law; advice free. 24 Sixth st., rooms 14, 15.
"I\f~w7pAVIDSON,AfTbRNEY-AT-LAW,42O
» t ■ » California at., ran. 14-16: adTlcn free.
— .\, : l-'INAJSCJAL. ~~ "~~
LOANS ON IST AN H 21) JIORTGAOEH AND
life Insurance policies; low rale of interest'
bankbooks bought. 330 Montgomery st. .
NT SUM OF MONEY ADVANCED ON
your furniture, pianos or real estate; lowest
: rate; call and state your proposition or write; open
evenings. J. NOON AN. 1021 Miaaiua si- |
t .plAUlil A(.i- LlViuSaulA
The following marriage licenses were Issued by
the County Clerk's office yesterday:
i H. C. Beckmann and Martha Lenenefelt, "27— 23.
i . Gottfried Schmitt and Kay T. Brownlee, 29—24.
I James W. Kelly and Kale Cantlen. 31—
' Axel Strandburg and Clara Bylin, 25—21.
Patrick H. Kenny and Anna Her«>, 37—45.-
-■' R. Johnson and Annie M. Coleman, i —'11.
! Frank ilubio and Amelia Ortega, 21 20.
Leonard J. Hebbrlng and Adell Sinu. 37 29.
L. ('. Whitney and E. A. I. Summerl,; ..... 48—27.
• J. J. Cosgrovp and Mary A. Hourihane, 21— 21.
, A. G. C. Newman and Olive Kindead, '-'4— (,
; Daniel W. Poge and -ara!i I. Sullivan. 28—28.
Ernes! H. Koechlln and Emille Joos, '28—24.
Carlo Quartararo and Cossia Catazaro, 33—18.
juivoiwCK fKotosumntnat*
Complaint filed: ■■ ■■ -•• • -■"■■ ■'
Nellie M. Harris against W. H. Harris.
' BIRTHS-MARRIAGES— DEATHS. ;
, [Birth, marriage and death notices sent by mail
will not be inserted. : They must be handed in at
either of the publication offices and be indorsed
with the name and residence of persons authorized
to have the same published.] :
BORN.
LEIDICH— In this city, January 12, 1896, to the
. wife of C. Leldicb, a daughter. :-; _ , 
~ MAKKIED. ~~ •' -.. ■■■■■ ,
HANFORD— HEP.LEY— In this city, January 19,
1898, R. G. Hanford of Boston and Marguerite
• Herley of San Francisco. '. • • •
QUAN— HODGDON— In this city, January 19,
: 1896, at St. Francis Church, by the Rev. Father
Duffy, William Quan ■of- Baden, San Mateo
County, and Mildred Hodgdon of San Francisco.
R.ICHTER-FBElST— January 19, 1896, 'by the
Rev. Paul Branke, Charles Richter and Mary
Freist. ■ •■ . •■ . ■•■..■
ROTHGANGER — McCORMaCK — January 20,
1896, by the Rev. Dr. Eber G. Mathcna. Frank
Rothganger, and Mamie [ McCormack, boiu of
San Francisco. ' »
WILLIAMSON— MCCARTHY —At La Toyon,
Auburn, Cal., January 18. 1896, by the Rev. P.
J. Van Schie, George Williamson Jr. of Greenock,
Scotland, and Julia Loretta McCarthy of San
Francisco.
DLBX>.
Armstrong, John ■ McCleave, Louis
Anderson. John A. Masterson, Annie
Bois3et, Francoise Meyer Gustave
Brown, A. Page . Miller. Bernhard H.
Enrlght. Patrick Perrin, Peter
Gagan, Edward M. Poulson. John H.
Goallner. Mrs. Minna Reilly, Margaret
Haggert.r, Margaret River. Mary L. .
Hanlon, Welch Selmer, Marl .
Hertz, Caroline . Smith, Mrs. Rhoda
Holler. Patrick Stapleton, John
Kottemann, F. W. Swanson, Annie C.
Landram. Maggie X. Thaten, Etta
Levy, Felix M. Waring, Henry J.
Lynch, Agnes .White, Maria
ANDERSON— In the City and County Hospital.
January 20, 1896, Joun A. Anderson , aged 26
years.
ARMSTRONG-ln this city, January 21,1896.
John Armstrong.
BOISSET— In this city, January 19. 1896, Fran-
coise, beloved wife of Joseph Boisset, daughter
of Mr. and Mrs. °chter, sister of Mrs. Coutou 1
and Millie Brochler, and sister-in-law of Jean
Coutou and Mr. Berlin, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 19 years 5 months and 4 days.
aS-Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend tne funeral THIS DAY
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock p. m.. from her late
residence, 1212 Powell street, thence to the
French Church. Bush street, between Grant
avenue and Stockton street.
BROWN— In Burlingame, January 21, 1896, A.
Page Brown, a native of New York, aged 35
years.
ENRIGHT-In this city, January 21, 1896, Pat-
rick, husband of Margaret Enrisht. a native of
■ Ballylongford, County Kerry, Ireland, aged 45
years. .... .
. *3" Friends , and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited 10 attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Thursday), at 8:30 o'clock a. m., from the
family residence, 11 Bowie avenue, off Eleventh
street, between Howard and Folsom, thence to
St. Joseph's ChurCh, where a requiem mass will be
celebrated for the repose of his soul, - com-
mencing at 9 o'clock a. m. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery. ■
GAGAN— In this city, January 20.1836, Edward
. M., dearly beloved son of Edward W. and Mary
Gajr;,n. and brother of Mrs. James H. Fogerty,
relative of Mrs. Thomas Gagan, Mrs. M. Dona-
hue. Mrs. S. E. Van Den Burg, Mrs. J. Breen, a
native of Nevada City, Cal., aged 24 years 2
months and 22 days. • •
. «S~Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
O\ ednesday), at 9 o'clock a. m., from the res!-,
dence of his sister, 104 Duncan street, thence to
St. Paul s Church, whero a solemn requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of his soul.
commencing at 9:30 o'clock a. U. interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
GOSLINER-In this city, January 30, 1896. Mrs.
Minna Gosllner, beloved mother of Mrs. Flora
Goldberg and Aaron Gosliner, and sister of Mrs.
*. Conn, a native of Rogusen, Germany, aged 85 J
ears. • ; . ■ . .
*3~ Friends and acquaintances • ara respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Wednesday) from her late residence, 845 Gol-
den Gate avenue. Interment Hills of Eternity.
Cemetery by 11:45 o'clock a. m. train from.
Third and Townsend streets.
HAGGEUTY-In this city, January 21, 1896.
Margaret, beloved wife of Patrick Haggerty, and
mother of Dennis Hagsjerty, a native of Cushen-
dall, Antrim, Ireland, aged 39 years.
HANLON— In the city ana County Hospital. Jan-
uary 20, 1896, Welch Hanlon, aged 60 years.
HERTZ— In this city, January 21, 1896, Caroline
Hertz (nee Wllkening). beloved mother of Mrs.
. PaulFreise and Heinrich and Johannes Hertz
of Omaha, a native of Holstein. Germany, aged
72 years 9 months and 6 days. [Omana papers
please copy. I ,: .: > .;■■■■■
*SB~Fnends and acquaintances are respe3'.- ■
fully invited to attend the funeral FRIDAY.
January 24, at 1 o'clock p. if., from the resi-
dence of her son-in-law, Paul Freise. 704 Birch
avenue, off Buchanan street, between Grove and
Fulton. Interment Masonic Cemetery.
HOLLER— In West Berkeley, January 18, 1896.
Catherine Holier, a native of France, aged 43
years and 2 months.
'TEMANN-- In this city, January 21, 1896.
Frederick Walter, beloved son of Rose and the
late Fred Kottemann, a native of San Frauci*co.
ased 4 months and 29 days. • [Sacramento Union
please copy.
43-The funeral will take place THIS DAY
(Wednesday), at 11:30 o'clock a. m., from north-
west corner of Third and Townsend streets,
thence by 11:45 o'clock a. m. train to Holy Cross
1 Cemetery. No carriages.
LANDRAM (nee Kenny)— ln this city, January
20, 1896, at her residence. 1022 Pacific street,
Maggie T. Lanilraru. sister of Mamie E. and John
J. Kenny, a native of San Francisco.
jp»"Funeral services will benekl TO-MORROW
(Thursday), at 10:80 O'clock a. m., at the fa i.ily
residence. Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
LEVY— In this city, January 20,1806, Felix M.,
beloved son of the late Nathan Levy, brother of
Mrs. H'uitie Goldman, Mrs. A. M. Armer and
Isadare N., Ralph A., Sam N. and Ben Levy,
a native of Diamond Springs, Cal., aged 38 years
2 months and 23 days, f Winnemucca (Nev.)
papers please copy.j
JS3~Fr!ends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Wednesday), at 10:30 o'clock a.m.. from his late
■ residence, 828 McAllister street. Interment
Home of Peace Cemetery by 11:45 a.m. train
from Third and Townsend streets.
LYNCH— In the City and County Hospital, Janu-
ary 21 X 1896, Agues Lynch, aged 35 years.
McCLEAVE— In this city, January 21. 1896. of
diphtheria, Louis, beloved son of Jules and Mary
• McCleave, a native of Portland, Or., aged 10
years and 19 days.
MASTSRSON— In the City and County Hospital.
j January 21, 1896, Annie Masterson, aged 27
years.
| MEYER— In the City and County Hospital, Janu-
l ary 21, J1893, Gustave Meyer, aged 45 years.
i MILLER— In this city, January 20 1896, Bern-
hard H., dearly beloved father of Joseph 8.. Car-
-1 rie, Sara, Belle and Flora Miller, a native of
j Germany, aged 69 years 4 months and 11 days.
[Nevada City papers please copy. 1
Friends and acquaintances are resDect-
fully invited to attend, the funeral THIS DAY
(Wednesday), at 10:30 o'clock a.m., from his late
residence, 715 a O'Farrell street. Interment
Home of Peace Cemetery, by 11 :45 o'clock a. m.
train from Third and Townsend streets. -
PERBIN— In the City ana County Hospital,
January 21, 1896, Peter Perrin, aged years.
POULSON— In this city, January 20, 1896. John
Henry, dearly beloved husband of Elizabeth J.
Poulson, a native of Philadelphia, Pa., aged 53
years, Philadelphia papers please copy.j ■ ■
j^~Frlends are respectfully invited to attend
the funeral THIS DAY (Wednesday), at 1:30
o'clock p. it,, from his late residence, 839 Geary
street, thence to Third Baptist Cnurch, Powell
street, between Bosh and Gutter, where funeral
services will be held at it o'clock p. m. Interment
I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
REILLY— In this city, January 21, 1598, Margaret
Reilley, a native of Ireland, aged 40 years.
| RIVER— In this city, January 20, 1896, Mary
Leanore, daughter of Mr. and Mrs. J. L. River,
a native of Haywards, Cal.
JO* Friends ■ and acquaintances are resoect-
' fully Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Wednesday), at 10 o'clock a.m.. from her late
residence. 116. Page street, thence to Sacred
Heart . Church, where a requiem high mas*
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul, com-
, mencing at 10:30 o'clock a. m. Interment
private. Holy Cross Cemetery. . ■
SELMKR— In this city, January 18. 1896, Marl
Selmer. a native of England, aged 48 years.
SMITH— In this city, January 21, 1896, Mrs.
Rhoda Vaughn Larbee Smith, a native of Maine,
aged 73 years. ;;- ; ■■ :
STAPLETON— In this city, Jannary 20, 1896,
John, beloved husband of Bridget Stapleton,
a native of St. John, New Brunswick, aged 50
years. . .
jJS~Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Wednesday), at 8:30 o'clock a. m.. from his late
residence, 710 Nineteenth street, thence to Mis-
sion Dolores Church, where a solemn requiem
' mass will be celebrated for the repose of his soul,
commencing at 9 o'clock a. m. Interment
Mount Calvary Cemetery.
SWANSON— this city, January 21, 1896, Annie
C. Swanson, beloved sister of Mrs. C. Nleman,
.Bertha Swanson. Annie Swanson and Ormand
Swanson, a native of Norway, aged 18 years 4
months and 15 days.
THATEN— in this city. January 21, 1896, Etta,
youngest and beloved daughter of Jacob A. and
Marie F. Thaten, and sister of Peter and Trena
Thaten, and Mrs. Georjre Archambault, Mrs. 8. .
F.Johnson and Mrs. H. R. Hah n, a native of
San Francisco, aged 18 years 5 months and 21
days. . ■
WARING— In this city, Janury 20, 1896, Henry
J., beloved husband of Marlane Waring, father
of Charles A. and Albert E. Waring and Mrs.
Charles W. Goodwin, a native of London, Eng-
land, aced 65 years 10 months and 15 days.
Friends and acquaintances are ivsDect •
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Wednesday), at 2:30 o'clock p. it., from the
Church of the Advent, Eleventh street, near
Market. Interment Masonic Cemetery. • .
WHITE— In this city, January 20, 1896. Maria
, White, beloved : wife of Patrick "White, and
mother of Joseph and Annie White and Mrs.
Mary Kemp and Mrs. Nellie Meyers, and sister
I of Henry Canning, a native of the city of Water-
ford, Ireland, aged 48 years. [Stockton (Cal.)
• and Philadelphia papers please copy.]
j(tS""Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Thursday), at 9:30 o'clock a.m., from the resl-
' dence of >. her daughter. 6 Cleme ntlna street,
thence to St. Brendan's Church for services at 10
; o'clock a. m. Interment Holy Cross. Cemetery.
1 UNITED UNDERTAKERS' T*
EMBALMING PARLORS.
Everything Requisite for First-class Funerals
at Reasonable Rates. • :-'
Telephone 3167. - 27 and '29 Fifth street.
I McAVOY A CALLACHER, I
• FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMBALM I RS,
SO Fifth St., Opp. Lincoln School.
• v - Telephone 8080. '
CYPRESS LAWN CEMETERY,
IN SAN MATEO COUNTY; NON-SECT ARIAW|
laid out on the lawn plan : perpetual care . beau-
tiful, permanent and easy of access; seel: before
taring a burial place elsewhere.
"■ City office. 8 City Hall Arson*
1516
A NEW PHASE OF
THE NOE CASE
The San Miguel Titles
Quieted Thirty-Five
Years Ago.
JUDGE NORTON'S DECREE.
It Forever Bars All the Noe
Rights and Titles to
the Tract.
THE DISCOVERY A SURPRISE.
Several Attorneys Give as Their
Opinion That the Decree Is
Most Important.
A decidedly new phase of the celebrated
Noe case, which has been dragging in
the courts for some time, was revealed
yesterday by old records and the decree of
a former suit which without doubt quiets
the title held by the property-own
ers of Noe Valley. This news, here
given for the first time, will be
joyful tidings to many people having
holdings in the old, often legally fought
over, San Miguel Kancho.
In 1852 Adolph H. Boric began suit
acainst Jose Jesus Noe. Miguel Noe, Maria
Dolores Noe, Splivalo Noe, Vincents Noe,
Richard Roman, l<=;iac X. Thome and Tuily
R. Wise in the Twelfth District Court for
possession of one-half of the San Miguel
Rancho a part of which is in Noe Valley.
1 1 contained 4fiCO acres, excepting 47 blocks
and about 100 acres of land, which would
leave something like 4350 acres. The de
fendants were the children and heirs of Jose
Jesus Noe. the grantee of the rancho, and
they claimed the one-half share of their
dead mother, which the old man Noe had
disposed of when the entire square league
of land had passed out of his improvident
hands.
But the Superior Court in 1856 or 1857,
in the case of Noe vs. Card, brought by
the heirs to determine the ownership of a
fifty- vara lot, decided that a Mexican grant
was not common property deeded to hus
band and wife, but was the separate prop
erty of the grantee, and he could dispose
of it as the sole owner.
On November 17, 1860, Judge Edward
Norton entered the following decree,
which was found yesterday among the
musty old court records in the Clerk's
office, and which places a new aspect on
the case:
INow therefore it is ordered, adjudged and
decreed that the title of t.he plaintiff to the
above described premises is a good and valid
title against the said defendants, and each of
them ; and that the said defendants, and each
of them, and all persons claiming by, through
or under them be forever barred of all right,
title, estate and interest in the said premises
and every par: and parcel thereof.
Edward Norton,
Judge Twelfth District Court.
P. Parsons, for plaintiffs.
Tully R. Wise, for defendants.
The present Noe suit was brought by
Miguel Noe, Vincente Noe. Catalina Noe
and Catalina Splivalo, October 28, 1895,
against the following property-owners on
the old San Miguel Rancho:
Sigmund Augustein, Wellington C. Burnett,
N. J. Benson, Richard Bullock, Maria Brandt,
William C. Bush, O. D. Baldwin, Sarah J.
Boyle, Arthur C. Burke, William K. Boyer,
Charles C. Blakley, J. Becht, Edwin
D. Bennett, G. H. C. Beckerdorff,
Edward Barnett, May Chambers, Charles
W. Chapman, Hugh Curran, Israel
Cohen, William A. Caidwell, Thomas Creag
mile, Morris A. Cohl, C. W. Courtrlght, Annie
Doyea, Mary Dunn. P. J. Dufficy, Daniel Dono
van, Gust. W. l>orn, Amand Durat, John Duffy,
H. >!. G. Dahler, Isaac Eliaser, Mendel
Esberg, James L. Fraser, F. F. Freeman,
Joseph Flach, James Feitelberg, Annie Gim
pel, Michael C. Gorham, Eugene J. Goss,
Golden Gate Park Land and Improvement
Company, Carl Griese, Amelie Griese, John J.
Galvin, Mathilda Holling. Milo Hoadley,
Henry T. Holmes, Laura T. Holmes, Carrie
Hund, B. W. Haines. R. P. Hammond, Mary
Hoesch, Henry D. Johnson, Adelaide S. Jar
dine, Thomas Kelly, Homer S. King, Clement
Kormil, Mark Levi, Mary T. Lawless, B.
Laufranchi, Partk Lyons, Charles Lion
hardt Jr., Ida L. Lovelace, Prudence
M. Lackey, John McLaren, Emma
Meyer, Carl A. Muller, Market and Stanyan
rstreet Laud and Improvement Company,
Emanuelita McKentry, Johannes Moller,
Henry Mauser, William W. Moore, Julia P.
Magill. Ida Mentz, Edrr. E. Manseau, George
1.. Mur.ro, James J. Macdonald, Robert McMil
lan, Jorgen Nielsen, Helen G. Noonan, Dennis
Noonan, Julius Newman, Carl E. Olaen,
Mary Post, George H. Porter, Henry Pilster,
Bridget Philbon. John H. Pauls, Josepha Pro
sek. T. P. H. Penprase, Susie Roche, Frederick
Rothchild. Henry Rothchild. Alex Rothen
ftein, John Rogowski, Edgar Strauss, Catherine
Pchieffer, Rebecca Siiverstein, Michael J.
Sawyer, Kate Steinmetz, Albert Schohay,
Mary B. Sioner, X. Schlessinger, Samuel
M. Thompson. Eliza Taylor, Mary J.
Turner, Charles Warren, W. B. Walkup,
Aloert Waldier, John J. Walkington, EUie A.
Mayden, Castro-street Land Company, Jacob
Heyman, Solomon Getz, C. G. Kenyon, John
Came. M. A. Austin, D. H. Austin, D. 11. Burn
ham, Julius Bernoulli, Otto Blankart, J. Buck,
William H. Chapman, M. W. Connor, Clarence
de Vincent, Amelia S. Damon, Adolph
Keller, Lewis J. Laplace, John J. Meyers, N.
Ohlandt, Henry Ohlanflt, Jean E. Rutherford,
John R. Spring, William M. Fitzhugh, James
I. McCarthy, E. Avery McCarthy, F. E. Hamil
ton, Mary E. Fitzhugh, Forrest .«. Rowley, Otto
JungUlut, George O'Byrne, Joseph I. Lawless,
John H. Rosseter, J. A. Miller, Elsie T.
Niles, Frank A. G«ler, John Van Tassell, Mar
garet Mayo. J. B. Lee, H. Lacy, H. E. Chesebro,
W.;h. Stanley, Thomas H. Betchell, Lillie
Conklln, Robert H. Blanding, Julius Blumen
thal, Mary H! Jewett, L. H. Bonestell, Annie
T. Dunpny, John Morgan, William Riokerby,
M. Bruns, H. Holman, Behrend Joost, John
Pforr, Home ot Peace Cemetery, Congregation
Fhenth Israel, Emma E. Chapin, William G.
Barlow, James McMichael, B. A. Peck
ham, Joseph Slcke, John H. North
D. W. Grant, William Kelso, A. G. Forsberg'
Peter H. Olson, J. H. Cottran, Charles Hell
man, John J. Johnson, Thomas E. Ryan, Wil
liam H. Miller, Henry G. Swan, J. W. Smith
James S. Campbell, Louisa J. Miller, John h'
O'Connell, Peter Kelly, Thomas R. Dunn, T>.
A. Curtln, William Doran, William W. Rednall
John H. Kusel, L. H. Wainwright, H. S. Greeley',
Highest of all in Leavening Power.— Latest U.S. Gov't Report
ABSOLUTELY PURE
J. M. Cox, Charles Lester, J. C. Holow&y,
Ceorge P. Dorgan, Margaret A. Skelley,
William Patterson, Charles S. Harney,
James Connell, A. Hattabough, L. G. Williams,
M. A. Cachot, Fred. C. Siebe, Jacob P. Selmer,
William J.Welch, Sarah A. Madden, George Mar-
zolf, Gilbert P. Chase, Asa M. Simpson, George
C. Smart, Charles Nopper, I. W. Carr, Patrick
Tiernan, John Fagan, Thomas J. Lynch,
Samuel J. Marshall, John Harrigan, C. L.
Tilden, Stanley Coghill, Charles M. Wig
gins, James Keene, J. A. Cooper, M. L.
Kelly, \V. B. Swain, Alexander F. Holm
berg, H. Wilder, William Drury, Thomas J.
Crowley, C. C. Darling, J. G. Klumke,
L. E. Osgood, Patrick Cosgrove, J. C. Carroll,
F. G. Brooks, Robert Benson. A. F. Caseboldt,
Henry J. Foley, Richard H. Harris, Hugh B.
Jones, James Moore, Henry Lamp Jr., Charles
A. Peters, Max Popper, Archer B. Thompson,
Samuel Wyatt, John Doe, William Doe. Samuel
Doe, Robert Doe, Stephen Doe, George Doe,
James Doe, Silas Doe, Aaron Doe, Reuben Doe,
Mary Doe, Jane Doe, Susaii Doe, Rachel Doe,
Ella Doe, Richard Roe, John Roe, Stephen Roe,
William Roe, George Roe, Reuben Roe, Michael
Roe, Nancy Roe, Mary Roe, Jane Roe and Ella
Roe defendants.
The plaintiffs, represented by Philip I.
Koscialowski, seek to recover an undivided
one-half of the rancho, being the old
Senora Noe one-half claim. In the new
complaint the rancho is said to contain
4443 38-100 acres.while in the suit of thirty
hve years ago it was put at 4500 excepting
two tracts. The geographical description
and location in the two instruments are
worded a little differently, but both desig
nate the tract in dispute as the San Miguel
rancho.
Attorney Koscialowski for the plaintiffs,
when interviewed yesterday, stated that
he had never heard of the Boric vs. Noe
suit, and recourse to the volume of court
indices of California cases in his office
failed to resurrect any mention of the case.
Joseph Naphtaly of the firm of Naphtaly,
Friedenrich & Ackerman, attorneys who
represent the Home of Peace Cemetery,
was surprised to hear of the former suit
and Judge Morton's important decision.
"Where did yon find this story?" asked
Mr. Naphtaly of the newspaper man.
"Oh, a Call reporter found it among the
records at the City Hall, and thought
tbere might be something in it."
"Well, I believe there is something in it,
It's my opinion that every one of those
tenants in Noe Valley holding title from
Boric are safe in their possession, and
their property is as safe as the coin in
their pockets. The decree, if you have
quoted it properly, forever bars out the
Noe claimants, and the plaintiffs in this
case, like the defendants in the former
suit, haven't the ghost of a case. But,
| mind you, they haven't a ghost of a case
anyhow, and especially in the question of
the cemetery which I represent. The
statute of limitations makes that case
ours. But it is a good story, young man,
and will be good news, no doubt, to the
San Miguel rancho people."
Isaac N. Thorne, the attorney whose
name is mentioned as one of the defend
ants in the suit of 1888, had forgotten the
details of the Boric case and its decree.
He believes thai Judge Norton's decision
settled the case against the Noe people
thirty-live years ago, even if the Card case
did not three years prior to that date. Mr.
Thorne gave the following short history of
the San Miguel Rancho:
"In 1852," said he, "Jose Jesus Noe,
after the death of his wife, sold the entire
tract of league square to William Cary
Jones, brother-in-law of Mrs. Jessie Ben
ton Fremont, and B. F. Strode, attorneys
of land claims. I believe the price was
?200,000, but I think Noe only got $100,000.
In 1853 they conveyed it to John Y. Homer
who laid out the Homer Addition now
known on the maps. Homer mortgaged
the tract to Mayor Garrison, which mort
gage was transferred to Pioche & Bayer
que, who had been liquor merchants.
Pioche went to France, where he per
suaded a number of his capitalist
friends that money would draw 3
per cent monthly in California. They
entrusted funds with him and the
two liquor-dealers launched out as bank
ers. They loaned money on everything,
and were soon at the end of their and their
friends' resources. Pioche went back to
France for more funds and was imprisoned
for fraudulent transactions. He escaped
going to a penal colony and returned to
Sa*i Francisco to be found dead somewhere
in the seventies in his room on Stockton
street. The tract got into the hands of the
French bank, by which it was sold out in
parcels.
In 1857 the suit was brought against Card
for the possession of a 50-vara lot. The
civil law then in force in the territory ac
quired from Mexico held that all property
was common and children could inherit
their mother's half of the estate. But the
Supreme Court decided adversely, and
we dropped the case, discouraged. I
tnink that settled the question, and if
it did not, Judge Norton's decree certainly
does. It strikes me that this is an im
portant discovery."
ATHLETIC INQUISITION.
The Investigating Committee of the Pa
cific Athletic Association Begins
Work.
A committee appointed by the Pacific
Athletic Association to inquire into the
amateur or professional standing of mem
bers of the associated clubs began its
inquisition last evening. The committee
consists of W. H. Humphrey, W. R. Berry,
John Elliott and J. L. Jaunet.
Last evening was devoted to an examin
ation of athletes as boxers, wrestlers, etc.
Thirty-two members were to have been ex
amined, but only the following were pres
ent: F. H. Sm'itb, C. Cathcart, J. A. Mc-
Ginley, Joseph P. Reay. J. H. Manon,
Charles Staamburg, Mr. Brown. Stewart
Carter, F. F. Hughe*, Charles Tie, Joseph
A. Fields, James Delaney, F. C. Muller, L.
H. Fentress, Henry Butler, Cnarles A.
Reno.
Among those questioned last night only
one was found to answer satisfactorily, in
the person of James A. McGinley. Those
whose answers led the committee to be
lieve them to be bordering on the profes
sional realm will be further examined,
and if their guilt is proved will be punished
by fine or suspension.
Nearly all of those examined were found
to have received medals that were not
properly inscribed and sums of money
over the $40 limit.
Next Monday evening the Olympic Club
baseball team will be examined, as charges
have been made against nearly all the
members of professionalism. After the
examiners have passed upon those of the
baseball team the athletes of all the clubs
will again b© dealt with in turn.
The examination includes those who
have competed in events and received
prizes during the year 1895-96.
A translation of a collection of sacred
poems of the Aztecs, the original of which
is in the National Library of Mexico, is
to be made by Rev. Julio Cabelero of the
diocese of Pueblo.
THE SAN FKANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 22, 1896.
FIENDISH WORK
ON JESSIE STREET
Mutilation of a Horse on Ac
count of Spite for the
Owner.
BLINDED AND BEATEN.
Nearly Killed, the Animal Was
Hauled Up by Ropes and
Left Suspended.
THE OWNER IS A TEAMSTER.
Thomas Harkins Thinks That Some
Worthless Fellows Are Guilty.
Arrests Expected.
One of the most revolting cases of
inhumanity that the Society for the Pre
vention of Cruelty to Animals has
TO BE THE FASTEST STEAMER OF HER SIZE IN THE WORLD.
[Drawn from the original plans.}
ever been called upon to investi
gate was reported last Monday. Po
liceman George Delmar, who was detailed
on the case, enjoined silence till yesterday
afterroon, as he feared that publicity
would make him lose track of the offend
ers. In the evening, however, he had ob
tained enough information to justify him
in believing that ho would make the
necessary arrest to-day.
On Monday morning the officers were
called by telephone to go quickly and
shoot a horse in the stable at the rear of
43 Jessie street.
The horse belonged to a teamster, Thomas
Harkins of 48 Jessie street, and for spite to
the owner, it is presumed, some one had
broken open the door of his stable, either
during the night or early in the morning,
and had mutilated the animal with fiend
ish ingenuity.
The animal's eyes had been gouged out
with a piece of iron pipe, its flanks had
been cruelly beaten and its feet and hoofs
battered out of shape. The wretches— for
one man could not have performed the
deed — had then tied a rope round the ani
mal's body and its neck, and had sus
pended it a few inches above the floor to
the roof of its stall, so that it was in a state
of semi-strangulation when found in the
morning by its owner. Such was the
wretched animal's strength and vitality,
however, that it required several shots to
kill it after the arrival of the officers.
Tom Harkins, the owner, is an intel
ligent, hard-working young teamster, who
has a stand at the corner of Second and
Mission streets. When seen last night in
his little home, on Jessie street, he said:
"I went to the stable at 11 o'clock on
Sunday night to water the horses, and
they were all right then. On Monday
morning I was almost overcome by the
sight in the stable.
"The door opens outward, but it had
been battered in, and that may have ac
counted for the other two horses being un
touched, as they would be hidden from
the people in the end stall by the door.
"I cut down the horse that they had
mutilated and found that it was standing
in a pool of blood and had no eyes. Help
was procured and we did what, we could
for the animal, but we soon saw that the
most merciful thing was to have it shot,
for the creature was suffering terribly."
When asked whom he suspected of
having committed the deed, Harkins
said, "Some of the fellows around here.
I stick to my business and don't drink,
and dome of them seem to bear me a
grudge for it. I should not be surprised
to find them lying for me some night;
it's pretty lonely after dark across the
vacant lot that leads to this house, and
the fellows who mutilated that horse are
murderers at heart and would not hesitate
to use up a man in a brutal, cowardly
way."
When asked whether he intended to
move from the neighborhood the team
ster replied emphatically that he was not
going to be driven away by any outrages;
if they attacked him he would hit back
and try to give them a taste of the using
up they gave his horse.
Officer Delmar hopes, however, that he
will be able to arrest the miscreants and
let them work out some of their murder
ous tendencies in the State's prison.
JAMES LICK MEMORIAL.
ltronxe Tablet for the Library of the
Mechanics' Institute.
At the regular meeting of the board of
trustees of the Mechanics' Institute last
evening the joint committee on finance
and library rooms and building, consist
ing of Grove P. Ayeis, Ernst A. Denike,
Henry Koot, E. H. Cole and Ferdinand
Formahls, submitted three recommenda
tions regarding the deprivation of privi
leges of members who have become de
linquent in the payment of dues.
The recommendation which stated that
a member should be deprived ol booke it
he is delinquent one quarter was adopted
by the board.
A recommendation excluding a member
from the rooms when he is denied the
privilege of takinc books was lo3t.
The third recommendation, which read:
"Shall the librarian accept the applica
tion for membership from a person whom
the board has ordered dropped from the
institute owins: to non-payment of dues?"
was adopted with the provision that he
f>ay up all bia past dues; otherwise the
ibranan should not receive such applica
tion.
The passage of this latter recommenda
tion occasioned quite a lengthy discussion.
Chairman Halliaie before theamendment
authorizing the board to determine differ
ently in special cases was of the opinion
that much injustice might be done
should the recommendation of the
committee directing the librarian
to refuse application of membership
be accepted as it stood. He stated that a
member might for a period of years be ab
sent from the institute and therefore be
unable to enjoy its advantages, and that
according to " the recommendation he
would not be entitled to the privileges
unless the dues of those years.were paid.
After an exhaustive elucidation of the
state of affairs by Mr. Leggett his amend
ment to the recommendation was adopted.
The Aboard by a vote of 5 to 5, one
member not voting, resolved not to make
ttie experiment of introducing musical
books — such as instrumental pieces, songs
and operatic scores — into the library.
It was also decided to Keep the reading
room on the basement floor until the pop
ularity of its location there or on the
third floor was further investigated and
made clear to the Board.
The special committees appointed to in
vestigate the National School of Electricity
reported that department to be in a satis
factory state and conducted in accordance
with the regulations of the board. It was
decided to grant an extension of privilege
to the school.
Mr. Leggett, chairman of the James
Lick Memorial Committee, reported that
the committee had selected a bronze tab
let, costing $250, bearing a medallion of
James Lick, beneath which would be in
scribed the words: "James Lick be
queathed to the Mechanics' Institute
$10,000 for the purchase of mechanical and
scientific works." The committee recom
mended that the tablet be placed in a con
spicuous place in the library hall. The
recommendations of the committee were
adopted as read.
AN ART TRIP TO EUROPE
Novel Plan of Students to See
the Beauty of the Old
World.
Mr. and Mrs. Wilber Reaser to Take
Charge of a Carload of Young
Painters.
A novel trip is being arranged by the art
amateurs of this City to see different parts
of the Old World, or that portion of the
country where most elevating inspiration
may be found. The territory sought
most is Europe, and with the end in view
of getting to that point and incidentally
the cities along tDe route Mr. and Mrs.
Wilber A. Reaser are organizing a combi
nation. The object is to make it as inex
pensive as possible and at the same time
thoroughly instructive.
The party will leave San Francisco for
New York early in April in a special car,
which will stop over at Salt Lake City,
Colorado Springs, Chicago and Niagara
Fails. One week will be spent in New
York visiting the spring exhibitions and in
general sight-seeing. Reaching London
about the Ist of May the party will spend
two weeks studying the exhibitions, the
national museums and in seeing the great
city and its suburbs, with special attention
to the different types of character there
and along the route. The next stop will
be made in Rouen, the great storehouse of
Gothic architecture. One month will be
spent in Paris visiting the salons, the
Louvre, Luxembourg and in general sight
seeing. Excursions will be made to Fon
tainebleau, Barbizon, Chartres, St. Cloud,
Versailles, etc.
Leaving for Holland about June 15,
short stops will be made at Brussels,
Antwerp, Bruges and Ghent. The next
two months will be spent in the ideal little
Dutch village of Kijsoord, situated on a
beautiful river between Rotterdam and
Dordrecht. Here Mr. Reaser will direct a
class in figure and landscape painting. Ex
cursions will be made to all the princioal
Dutch cities and galleries, including a day
or two at Scheveningen, the most charm
ing of Continental watering-places. A
unique feature of the trip will be a week's
journey in a big sailboat through the
Dutch canals, stopping at picturesque lit
tle out-of-the-way places, and seeing the
fascinating Dutch peasant life as few tour
ists are privileged to see it.
The party will return to New York
about the middle of August, reaching San
.Francisco early in September.
Mr. Reaser has spent many years in
Europe and is thoroughly familiar with
the country. He has attained considera
ble prominence as a painter.
*v plan has created quite a stir among
the young people who paint, and if the
present indications amount to anything
the party will be entirely made up in a
short time.
All Agree.
GREAT AMERICAN IMPORTING TEA CO.
Sells Crockery, Chinaware, Glassware and
Tinware. '■ ■'
CHEAPEST OF ALL. TRY THEM. •
Very Pretty Dishes. Very Cheap Prices.
62 Market street, 8. F.. Headquarters.
BRANCH STORES EVERYWHERE.
The best paid official in the British ser
vice is the Lord Lieutenant of Ireland,
who received $100,000 a year.
Catalogues, books, pamphlets, etc., printed
and bound well and quickly. The Mysell-Kol
lilis Co., lii! <jl»y. •
FLEETEST OF HER SIZE
A Steel Steamer for Lake Tahoe
to Run 231-2 Knots an
Hour.
! __ S ' .
BEING BUILT BY THE SCOTTS.
Other Projects to Popularize the At
tractive ' Mountain Lake — An
Electric Railroad.
What is designed to be the fastest craft
of her size afloat in fresh waters is now
being constructed at the shipyards of
the Union Iron Works. She is being built
to the order of D. B. Bliss and his son, C.
T. Bliss, well-known capitalists of Tahoe,
ana is to be used largely for excursion pur
poses on Lake Tahoe.
She is to be a steel twin-screw steamer,
and will measure 168 feet 9 inches over all,
17 feet and 10 inches beam, and her ex
treme draft will be six feet. Her guaran
teed speed is to be 23 V£ knots per hour, and
her cost will be $70,000. She will be put to
gether in this City ready for launching and
when it has been ascertained that every
bolt and nut is perfect she will be taken
apart again and transported by rail to
Truckee. From there she will be hauled
by team to the shores of the lake recon
structed, launched and christened.
This new and svrift vessel will take the
place of the Meteor, which is at present
engaged in carrying the mail to the vari
ous towns located on the shores of this in
land sea.
It is expected to have the new steamer
in service by the first of June, when the
summer excursion season to Lake Tahoe be
gins. The Central Pactic Railroad Company
has already made arrangements with the
Blisses to run at least one special excur
sion train a month to Truckee during the
summer. The train will leave here Satur
day night and return on Monday, thus
giving the excursionists all of Sunday for
pleasuring on and about the lake.
In furtherance of their plans the Blisses
are also projecting an electric broad-gauge
railroad from Truckee to Tahoe, a distance
of about thirteen miles, at a cost of about
$200,000. Th eelectricity for the power neces
sary to operate the road will be derived
from the magnificent falls that exist in the
vicinity of the lake.
Another feature of the grand plan to
make Lake Tahoe and its vicinity a great
and popular summer resort is the construc
tion of a fine hotel on the shores of the
lake near Tahoe. This will have accom
modations for about 150 guests and will be
furnished with every requisite for con
venience and comfort.
CHICAGO'S XJSW MXCH4LXGB.
Xout They Will Dabble in Mining Stock*
at the Windy City.
CHICAGO, 111., Jan. 21.— The Chicago
Mineral and Mining Exchange was for
mally opened in the New York Life build
ing this afternoon in the presence of the
members and interested outsiders, who
crowded the callroom to the doors. Fif
teen mining properties of good standing
are already listed, but no business was
transacted to-day.
President John Marder delivered an ad
dress explaining that the board would not
be limited to dealing in gold and silver
stocks and properties, but would extend
its facilities to all valuable minerals. It
would be the aim of the board to bring the
dormant raining interests of the country
into a vitalized activity. He regarded
mining as a perfectly legitimate business,
not beneath the highest standard of bank
ing, manufacturing or merchandising.
Many notable mining men from the West
ern fields were present. A rush of appli
cations for listing is expected from the
West, but all will have to pass a rigid ex
amination.
HAS A SDFEXB YOICIS.
JHlbb Ellen nenrh law Make* Her Metro-
politan Debut.
NEW YORK, N. V., Jan. 21.— Miss El
len Beach Yaw, a young Californian
soprano, who made a highly successful
tour through the provinces last season,
made her metropolitan debut at Carnegie
Hall this evening. Her voice is of pure
soprano quality and a most remarkable
range, with the breadtn and depth of a
contralto in the lower register, and easily
reaching the heights affected by Di Murska
and Gerster in days gone by, and retaining
throughout its entire register a roundness
and volume truly remarkable in a young
woman of such slight physique.
Miss Yaw had the valuable assistance of
Signor Campanani of Abbey and Graus 1
forces, Maximilian Dick, violinist, and an
orchestra under the direction of Herr An
ton Seidl.
Trouble* of Rival Honda.
CHICAGO, 111., Jan. 21.— The effort to
bring the Denver and Rio Grande West
ern road into the Western Passenger As
sociation and to restore the Utah and
Colorado rates was resumed to-day in
Chairman Caldwell's office, the transcon
tinental lines having representatives at
the conference, as well as all the Utah
lines. Success did not crown their efforts,
but they decided to keep at it to-morrow,
which augurs well for a solution of the
trouble. ,
Oillatn'a Jtemaint Incinerated.
TROY, N. V., Jan. 21.-The remains of
Bernard Gillara, the well-known cartoon
ist of Judge, were incinerated here to-day
at the Earle Crematory. Among those
present were John A. Sleicher," W. J
Arkell, brother-in-law of Mr. Gillam and
a number of people of New York. The
ashes will be placed in a bronze receptacle.
KEW TO-DAY-DRY GOODS.
CURTAINS!
BLANKETS!
EXTRAORDINARY VALUES!
At $1.00 per Pair.
750 pairs NOTTINGHAM CURTAINS, in both white
and ecru, bound edges, 15 different designs.
At $1.50 per Pair.
1000 pairs NOTTINGHAM GUIPURE LACE CUR-
TAINS, in both white and ecru, 3O different de-
signs.
At $2.50 per Pair.
200 pairs CHENILLE PORTIERES, with fringed ends
and handsome dadoes, all new colors.
At $3.00 per Pair.
400 pairs FINE CHENILLE PORTIERES, latest color-
ings and all pretty designs, fringed both ends,
with handsome dadoes.
At $4.00 per Pair. *
4 cases WHITE MISSION BLANKETS, assorted bor-
ders, size 62x76.
At $5.50 per Pair.
6 cases FINE WHITE MISSION BLANKETS, extra
heavy, size 72x82.
The above goods are direct from the
manufacturer to the consumer.
HI, 113, 115, 117, 119, 121 POST STREET.
HABITS OF THE WEATHER
Mr. Hammon Gives Some Inside
Facts About Storm Centers
and Rains.
The Storm Swoops Across the State in
a Flying Wedge Until Tackled
by the Sierras.
"Part of the storm has escaped," said
Mr. Hammon, the weather prophet,
yesterday.
"After cavorting around the State a
while, it started East, but smashed up
against the Sierras ana was caught like a
wet sponge on a high stone wall. Then it
backed up somewhat and struck out over
a new trail to the northwest, and a good
deal of it has got away from us."
Mr. Hammond said all this in other
words, the more strictly scientific phraseo
logy taking up fifteen minutes of Govern
ment time.
The storms go East from here, always,
and they never know any better than to
pitch head first into the mountains. This
and other like habits have long been
studied by the weather observers, and
from the time the first indication of rain is
noted the general route of the storm can
be mapped \n advance as artistically -as.
the Federal appropriations will permit.
Meteorological phenomena, as the ap
prentice in the Weather Bureau usually
remarks, are much more reliable along this
coast than anywhere else in the country.
Therefore, it is possible, when once on the
trail of a storm, to form fairly accurate
predictions. The only trouble is that the
observations cannot be extended west of
the coast, and a traveling deluge is apt to
sweep in from the ocean just when the
whole State has been placarded with :
"Fair weather to-morrow; followed by
more the next day."
If there were some islands out in the
Pacific Ocean from 100 to 300 miles from
here, and if England didn't own them, the
United States could establish observation
stations that would enable Mr. Hammon
to tell all about the prospects and assur
ances of rain. As it is, however, each
storm swoops in on the coast unannounced,
and it is as uncertain a thing as a flying
squadron in Bantry Bay.
"Why do the rainstorms always come
from the north, though the wind blows
from the west?" asked a Call reporter
yesterday.
"They don't," said Mr. Hammon
This man up .on the . Mills building
knows all about the weather, and he vol
unteered to turn his "high pressure area"
of information in the direction of the in
quirer's "low.'' V 1 l " c "V
"Tu h M "in. a S era 3 to come from the
north, he said, "when in reality the storm
is moving west. The storm area moves
something wV M yin<t wedge in a foot
ball game. When the apex of the wedge
strikes the coast and continues across the
country the sides of the wedge extend
farther and farther north and south. So
to the people soutn of the storm center the
ram seems to come from the north, but to
those north of the center it apparently
comes from the south. J
orl'^r lt i is tru ? . that the storm centers
are almost invariably north of San Fran-
CISCO* . - .
• *£" n «. ot £ er - DOlnt in answer to the query
is that the wind does not blow from the
W i 11 is coiner to rain— not as a
rule. The wind in this vicinity is usually
from the southeast before a storm. That
is because the storm comes from the west
or northwest, and the winds blow from
every d irection toward the storm center.
Yes, a strong southeast wind in the
winter is a good San Francisco indication
of rain."
Mr. Hammon told many tilings. Why
the wind blows from the west on summer
nights attracted by the heated land; how
the storms in the summer skirmish away
up to the north of British Columbia and
how the "flying wedge" of the storm cen
ter is successfully tackled by the Sierra
Nevadas and has to make a quick run
around the ends to make even a touch
down in the arid goal of the East.
He explained these thincs in the scien
tific jargon of the Agricultural Depart
ment, for the weather officials do not
know much about football.
There was a thunderstorm here at 1
o'clock Saturday morning, but even at
that hour in the night it didn't get
through unobserved. Mr. Hammon has
it tagged and scheduled, and he says it is
the very same thunderstorm that the
steamer Peru encountered away out in tha
middle of the Pacific Ocean on January 8
and January 10. Mr. Hammon knows
all about that storm, and he can recognira
it if he ever sees it again.
The rain for the twenty-four hours cor
ered in yesterday's reports was very
heavy — nearly as heavy, in fact, as that
which, by a computation the week before,
weighed 10,800,000,000 tons. Some of the
figures, representing inches and fractions
of inches, are as follows:
San Francisco, .28; Sacramento, .40;
Fresno, .74; San Luis Obispo, 1.78; Los
Angeles, .32; San Diego, ..%; Indepen
dence, .74; Calistoea, .47; Santa Rosa, .43;
Glen Ellen, 1.20; El Verano, .50.
"It is remarkable," said Mr. Hammon,
"that at Glen Ellen the rainfall was about
three-quarters of an inch greater than at
Santa Kosa and El Verano, a few miles on
either side."
There was an exceedingly heavy rain all
over Lake County, and the creeks there
are so high that even the stages that carry
the mails are stopped, the water covering
the roadways in some places.
NEW TO-DAY.
HAPPY HOMES.
A Recipe That Will Remove a Frutt-
ful Cause of Unhapplness.
"John, I called you to dinner; why doni
you answer?"
. "Can't you see that I am tired and out
of sorts ? Why don't you let me. alone ?"
The husband has just come home from
Business and has stretched himself on tha
sofa, gloomily staring at the ceiling. Thi«
is not the first time he has returnea in such,
a humor. She is hurt, and sitting down
by the window gets ready to cry.
"Papa, why don't you turn and eat?"
His little daughter's pleading prevail*
and he follows her to the table. His wif«
hurriedly brushes the tears from her eyes.
She is too proud to show weakness— he too
I stubborn to apologize for his rudeness.
I There is but a half-hearted attempt at
! eating. "Your crusty temper has spoiled
your appetite," says the wiie. She ii
wrong— it is the want of an appetite and a
good digestion that has .spoiled hig
humor— and it takes an heroic effort for him
t to be amiable.
I Yes, this is only an advertisement —
ruvian Bitters — the remedy for such do-
mestic infelicities.
The world-famous Peruvian Bark and
other medicinal and aromatic herbs in tint
old California Brandy.. A pleasant bev-
erage, a healthy stimulant, a perfect tonic,
a regulator of all digestive functions, a
producer of good, normal appetite, ol
sound sleep, of quiet, steady nerves, good
feeling and a cheerful disposition.
Mack <fc Co., San Francisco. All drug*
gists and dealers.
walTpaperl
JAS. DUFFY & CO.
Have REMOVED to
No. 20 Geary Street.
GREAT REDUCTION
TO CLOSE OUT LAST SEASON'S PATTERNS
TO HAKE ROOM FOR THE NEW
WINDOW SHADES
Any Color, Size or Kind
WHOLESALE— AND^HBTAIU |