VOLUME LXXIX.-NO. 43.
GREAT BRITAIN
FACES A CRISIS
Ready to Accept the Gage of
Battle Should It Be
Thrown Down.
KRUGER AROUSES IRE.
May Receive a Reminder That
England Yet Exercises
Suzerainty.
AN AMERICAN IN THE TOILS.
John Hays Hammond, the Mining
Engineer, Among Those Arrested
for Treason.
LONDON, E.vg., Jan. 11.— Though offi
cial and diplomatic circle? are -aid to be
lie ye that Great Britain is facing a great
crisis, the pubic refuse? to believe that
tnere is even a possibility of war. It is
thought the naval preparations making
are well enough in their way, to impress
upon foreign powers that Great l>ri:ain is
ready to accept the gage of battle should
it be thrown dowr., but the popular opin
ion is that Engl and will not herself pro
voke a war.
The belief prows, however, that the
Transvaai Government will need a re
mind- ■ Britain still exercises
suzerain j r the country, and
does i. . • : rego any other rights
conferred upon her by the Anglo-Boer
convention of LBB4.
31 1.; faction is expressed at the
■'.-• sident Kxuger. Though it is
generally conceded that he is practically a
the Transvaal it is believed the
anger of the burghers against the British
is burning ?o fiercely that he dares not re
!ea-»' Dr. Jameson and the other prisoners
nt present, and that in making their re
lease c : unon the restoration of
order in Johannesburg he is temporizing
in order that the indignation among the
Boers may cool down.
The report of the existence of docu
ments showing the existence of a wide
spread conspiracy against the Transvaal
simp. - the belief entertained in
many quarters that tills was really an in
tention on the Dart of certain ambitious
.'■ uTerttrrn the Transvaal Govern
ment and then bring about the annexa
tion oi that country to Cape Colony.
It is thought the arrest at Johannesburg
of a number of members ol the reform
committee was due to the knowledge
reaching the Government that the men ar
rested are implicated in this conspiracy.
John H. Hammond, the American min
ing engineer, who was arrested, is well
q in New York and it is reported
are already being made by his
I oat city and elsewhere to secure
:n these dispatches yesterday
I all serious trouble with tne
vaal lias been averted by the prompt
tion of the British Govern
ment and that whatever questions may
arise or have already arisen will be settled
through the us: lt j c channels.
With regard to Germany it can be said
that although the interference of Emperor
William in a matter that in nowise con
cerned him aru.- ; warlike feeling
throughout Great Britain that feeling is to
a creat extent dying out under the re
peated assurances of the German press
that Germany never intended to affront
If Great Britain is threatening any
power, or if any powor bas actually
threatened her, it is impossible to say
which power it is that bas menaced or is
being menaced. Of course it is generally
-tood that German y ■ iwer in
question, but there is nol ial to
show that she i s . It is not known whether
or not Lord Salisbury ba r an
explanation of Emperor Wi I am - atti
tude, or if he has done so whether any
explanation has been vouchsafed him.
At any rate Emperor William is not
Germany, and the tone of German senti
ment so far as can be gleaned from news
paper comment is decidedly averse to war.
It is not in the power of the German
Emperor to declare war unless it is a de
fensive one. To declare war, if not merely
defensive, the Emperor must have the con
sent of the Bundesrath, and it is believed
the German commercial and colonial inter
ests would exert all their influence to pre
vent a declaration of war against flreat
Britain. Such a war would undoubtedly
■;i*trous to those interests, and no one
is quicker to see this than the Germans
themselves. It will therefore devolve on
the British Government to declare war,
and it can be stated tnat scarcely any one
believes it will do so.
There can, however, be no denial made
<,) the fan that England is patting herself
in a condition of prepared readiness for
any emergency that may arise. Popular
opinion supports this policy and would
support war should it be necessary to pre
serve British honor or the integrity of the
empire, but it is not thought now that
either is tnreaiencd and there are not lack
ing persons who do not hesitate to declare
that .Lord .Salisbury is ''playing to the
gallery."
mi Ai:iti:si <>/ Jf iMiioxn.
Among Thonr. in ititittnly at I'retoria for
lr> niton-
JOHANNESBURG, South Africa, Jan.
11. .l-iii'i Hays Hammond, an Ameircan
mining engineer, war- among the members
<>! the reform committee who were arrested
hereto-tiay and tak'.-n to Pretoria, eharped
with high treason. A stringent passport
system is being enforced lure against Ger
man interference in Transvaal troubles.
Hammond is a protege of Hon. Cecil
Rhoades, and his arrest is assumed to con
firm the suspicion that Rhoades was di
rectly connected with the uprising against
trie Boers. The relations between Hatn
niond and Khoades are so close and their
interests are so interwoven that it will be
The San Francisco Call.
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY MORNING, JANUARY 12, 1896-TWENTY-EIGHT PAGES.
"-A-ISTD THE BAND :£=> JL, -A. IT © O3ST."
impossible to convict one of high treason
and not find the other equally guilty.
WAS A WIOESVRUA-n ■ PLOT.
Jameson's Raid Jpjiears to lie Only an
Opening Wedge.
LONDON, R»o., Jan. Advices from
Bloemfontein, the capital of the Orange
Free State, say that the delegates of the
Orange Free State who were sent to Pre
toria to confer with the Government of the
South African Republic and proffer to the
Transvaal Government the assistance of
the Orange Free State, if it should be re
quired, have returned to Bloemfontein
and reported to the Rand (the executive
corps).
The delegation report that documents
have been discovered disclosing a wide
spread plot of which Dr. Jameson's raid
into the Transvaal was a part. The dele
gates entirely absolve Governor Robinson
of the Cape Colony of all knowledge of the
conspiracy.
Dispatches from Johannesburg, dated
January 8, Bay that the situation there
has become more grave in consequence of
the condition imposed by President
Krugerthat the release of Jameson and
his followers shall be contingent upon the
abrogation of the convention of 1884,
thereby making the Transvaal republic
an absolutely independent state.
Advices from Johannesburg state that
several of the members of the reform com
mittee have fled and that one of them has
been allowed to depart after dev-ositing
surety for his appearance when wanted in
the sum of £20,000.
It is rumored that the Government of
the Transvaal will demand the cession of
Amatontraland from Natal. This report
however, is not believed.
The Globe says it hear 3 that the flying
squadron just formed will first go to the
Mediterranean. It adds that the vessels
attached to the squadron, which may
eventually be ordered to proceed to DeJ
agoa Bay, Portuguese P^ast Africa, will
probably go by way of the Suez Canal.
The whole statement has a doubtful air.
Dispatches from Portsmouth state that tue
date of the departure of the flying squad
ron from that port has not yet been lixed,
but it is expected that Rear- Admiral A. T.
Dole, who has Lecu appointed to the
command of the squadron, will be at sea
by January 18.
JAJHESOJS I.V DISGRACE.
Ktmoved From the Office of Admin ia
trator.
CAPE TOWN, BOOTH Africa, Jan. 11.—
Sir Hercules Robinson has issued a procla
mation removing Dr. Jameson from the
office of Administrator of Mashonaland
and appointing J. P. Newton Secretary
and Receiver-General of British Bechu
analand in his place. Newton is an im
perial officer.
JFIFTI-FOUR ARRESTS.
Further Warrants for Member* of the
lie form Committee.
LONDON, E^c, Jan. 11.— A dispatch to
the Central News from Johannesburg says
that fifty-four arrests of members of the
Reform Committee have already been
made, and that further warrants have been
issued.
The dispatch adds that the curiosity con
cerning the losses sustained by the Boers
in the fighting with Dr. Jameson's party
is unappeased. There is reason to believe
that they lost 150 men at Doornkop alone.
— ♦ —
IiEMAXItS riGILAXCE.
ItOMebery's Opinion of. the Crisis in Great
Britain.
LONDON, Eng., Jan. 11. — Ex- Prime
Minister Rosebery, replying to an inquiry
addressed to him on the subject, has writ
ten that the position of Great Britain in
respect to foreign affairs is one of some
anxiety, and demands the most concen
trated vigilant and sympathic attention of
all parties. He adds:
"We shall surmount the difficulties eas
ily enough if we* face them unitedly. It
will be time enough when the cloud has
lifted a little to discuss domestic affairs. 1 '
■•■■:>u.^;r: — •
THE GOVEKAMEXT ACTS.
To Notify Krueger That American Right a
Must Be. Jtetpected. ■ •
• General R. P. Hammond, on hearing of
the arrest of his brother, John Hayes
Hammond, did not let the grass grow
under . his . feet. He kept the wires hot
during the afternoon, and in the evening
was enabled to announce to his friends that
the National Government would see that
the arrested men had fair play. ■•
General Hammond first telegraphed to
Goverror Budd, who wired to the Califor
nia Congressmen at Washington. The
message ran in this wise:
One of the most prominent mining engineers
of the Pacific Coast has been arrested at
Johannosberg on account of his friendship
to. Cecil Rhodes. £c 3 that his rights as an
American citizen are protected.
Late last evening General Hammond re
ceived a dispatch from Washington stat
ing that President Cleveland had in
structed Secretary of State Olney to send
a message of like import to President
Krueger. The message informed the gen
eral that the absence of an American
Consul at Johannesburg would not mil
itate against his brother's safety.
Other prominent Californians reported
to have been arrested at the same time as
Mr. Hammond are: Victor N. Clement;
Harry Webb, superintendent of the Selby
Smelting Works up t« ninety daj'B ago;
Ed Garthwaite, a brother of the president
of the Union Bank of Oakland; Ai Tllgh
man, chief assayer of Cecil Khodes' mines
at Johannesburg.
SOON TO BE DISSOLVED
Members of the Morgan Syndicate
Will Act in Their Indi
vidual Capacity.
German Bankers May Contribute
Twenty-five Millions for
the Bonds.
NEW YORK, N. V., Jan. 11.— The with
drawal of the New York Life Insurance
Company from the Morgan bond syndi
cate following so closely on the heels of,
the Chemical Bank started a rumor in the
street that the Morgan syndicate will send
out formal notice of its dissolution to-day.
Speaking of the reported dissolution of
the preseut Morgan syndicate a banker
said that even if the commission should
disband it would not imperil the success
of the new loan in the slightest degree.
He claimed that i! the present syndicate
should go out of business another one
would be formed at once on the same lines
with new capital, as the first one was over
subscribed. The attitude of the German
bankers, he asserted, was more important
to Morgan than the action of the Chemi
cal Bank and the New York Life Insur
ance Company, as the foreigners, through
Speyer & Co., it is said, have guaranteed
to take $25,000,000 of the issue and place it
abroad, thereby bringing in just that much
new gold.
The bonds, it is said, will be held for in
vestment and will not be returned as was
the case with the February loan. In the
meantime gold is piling up at this center,
the receipts from abroad during the past
few days amounting to over $3,000,000.
The report that the Morgan syndicate
would issue a formal notice of the disso
lution to-day did not materialize. It was
learned, however, that some of the leading
members of the syndicate mci informally
and decided that hereafter they would act
in their individual capacity, so far as
bidding for the new bonds is concerned.
Owing to the absence of the head of the
syndicate, Mr. Morgan, nothing of any
official character could be obtained, but
it is reasonably certain that on Monday
next there will be a statement of some sort
from the syndicate. The opinion is cer
tain in banking circles that the announce
ment on Monday will be to the effect that
the syndicate, in view of recent develop
ments, considers it best to dissolve, leav-»
ing each member to file his own bid with
the Secretary of the Treasury.
WASHINGTON. D. C, Jan. 11.— The
treasury gold reserve at the close of busi
ness to-day stood at $56,029,536. The with
drawals at New York to-day amounted to
$55,000. The treasury completed to-day
sending out to postmasters Secretary
Carlisle's circular inviting bids for bonds.
On the top, signed by William L. Wilson,
Postmaster-General, is printed this notice:
"The postmaster is hereby directed to
post this circular in a conspicuous place in.
his office."
As there are over 73,000 postoffices in the
United States the printing and distribution
of this number was no small matter.
Director Preston of the treasury has
gone to Philadelphia to hurry up gold
coinage there. The heavy gold exports of
the past few weeks has made inroads on
\ the Government supply at New York and
it will be part of Director Preston's busi
; ness in Philadelphia to send gold to New
j York. A heavy shipment of gold to New
j York from the Philadelphia mint will be
! made during the coming week.
TREASURER ALDRICH FLED.
ft /s Supposed That He Burned the Court
house to Conceal His
Shortage.
LINCOLN, Nebe., Jan. 11.— Advices re
ceived at the Statehouse to-day are to the
effect that W. E. Aldrich, late treasurer of
Gosper County, has fled, presumably to
Oregon. Last November, while Examiner
McCloud was making an investigation of
the books of Aldrich at Elwood, the court
house was burned. Everything pointed to
incendiarism, and Aldrich was openly
charged with the crime in order to conceal
a shortage. He was not arrested, end his
friends claimed that he was insane. No
attempt vas made to send dim to the
asylum, however, and now it develops that
he has left the State. Examiner McCloua
says there is a shortage to the State, but
how much he cannot tell for some weeks,
| as nearly all the records were burned.
OWNED BY A DEFAULTER.
The Principal Stock of a Defunct Bank
in Bad Hands.
LINCOLN. Nebr., Jan. 11,— The State
Banking Board has taken charge of the
Farmers' and Merchants' Bank of Platte
Center. The bank has a capital stock of
$12,000 and was largely owned by County
Treasurer Lynch, who retired from office
yesterday short in his accounts. His
shortage is reported to be between $20,000
and $30,000. When the shortage was first
discovered, it was reported that Mr. Lynch
had the money loaned out and might be
able to collect it within a few days, but
this is now questioned. An investigation
is in progress.
Death of an Aged Wheelman.
OWINGSVILLE, Ky., Jan. 11.-A. D.
Ruff, the oldest and probably the best
known member of the National League of
American Wheelmen, who recently made
a trip to Yellowstone Park on his bicycle,
is dead, aged t>9 years.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
CUBAN REBELS
USE THE TORCH
Followers of Delgado Burn
a Church at Cayajabos
Village.
OTHER PROPERTY FIRED.
Meanwhile the Destruction of
Sugar Plantations Goes
Steadily On.
DEFEAT OF THE INSURGENTS.
In Many Battles on the Island tha
Spanish Claim to Have Been
Victorious.
HAVANA, Cuba, Jan. 11.— The insur
gent bandit leader, Perico Delgado, and
his followers united with a band of rebels
anil entered the village of Cayajabos yes
terday, where they burned a church and
committed a number of outrages. Their
act has created a strong feeling of indigna
tion among villagers and others who have
hitherto been friendly to the Cuban cause.
A rebel band entered Canabanes lar
night and set fire to a number of houses.
Railway communication between Guinea
and San Felipe has been interrupted. One
hundred rebels made an attack on a train,
perforating the cars with bullets. The
leader of the band is unknown. . Tiiei vil
lage of Bravides was burned by insqrMots
and five houses in Mochu hav«^ J^Vn
burned. The rebels, after settinjj^fife to
the villages, retired in the dijf|ctitmYof
the Arjona and Elena sugar estat^?? ;!*'.'
Another band entered Man'Jjaauv Md ■
burned the municipal archives, "?£'f£ij.&>** 1
The rebel leader, Nunez; some oi '
his followers, have derailed^ and
turned a locomotive near San Otifctob*,
General Aldecoa, in an officiaf to
Captain-General Martinez Campos, states
that he encountered a body of insurgents
under General Maximo Gomez on the
Mirosa estate, twenty miles south of this
city, and, assisted by a force under Gen
eral Galvez, succeeded in dislodging the
insurgents and compelled them to retire
in complete disorder, leaving two of their
number dead on the field. The Spanish
suffered a loss of one killed and twelve
wounded.
COLON, Cuba, Dec. 30 (via Tampa, Fla.,
Jan. 11.)— To-day the column under the
command of Lieutenant-Colonel Perara
returned to this city. Yesterday it had a
sharp and bloody engagement with the
rebels under Gomez. The number of the
latter was estimated to be 5000. The van
guard of Colonel Ferara's column, com
posed of a detachment of Santiago cavalry,
met twenty mounted rebels between the
town of Calimete and the Triunfo sugar es
tate. The rebels fired a volley at the royal
troops and instantly retired in tne di
rection of their main body on the estate.
The column advanced, and on nearing
the estate a general fire was opened on it
by the rebels. Later a detachment of
mounted rebels charged with machetes.
They were allowed to get near enough to
the troops before the command to lire was
given. The first volley emptied twenty
saddles, when the rebels precipitately re
turned to shelter back of some temporary
barricades that they had erected. Colonel
Perara advanced his column, taking up
several positions.
Steady fire was maintained on both,
sides when the royal troops charged en
masse, wherepon the enemy fled. The
Spanish loss in killed and wounded in
dislodging them was large. The engage
ment commenced at 6 a. m. and lasted un
til 8. After the rebels tied the royal troops
gathered in their dead and wounded, tak
ing them to Calimete. From the latter
place they were transferred to-day to thia
city, where the dead were buried.
The casualties are as follows: Dead — Two
lieutenants and seventeen soldiers;
wounded — two captains, two lieutenants
and forty-seven soldiers. Some of the lat
ter have several bullet wounds.
UNION DE REYES, Cuba, Jan. 1 (via
Tampa, Fla., Jan. 11).— To-day between
2000 and 3000 rebel cavalry were reported
as being near Alfonso XII.
, The Conchita estate ceased work to-day,
its canefields having been destroyed by
fire. Las Canas estate reports its whole
cane crop destroyed by the rebels. Gen
eral Martinez Campos has ordered the
military commander at Alfonso XII nob
to drive the enemy towards Eastern Cuba,
but to a westerly direction. Reports come
in from all sides of firing caneSelds and
railway property.
To-day a battle was fought near Alfonso
NEW TO-DAY.
T FVf CTDRTI CC
JwllilirfilimJJ*
&eo§
COPPER RIVETED
AND
KlilM BOTTOM
PANTS.
EVERY PAIR GUARANTEED*,
f OR SALE EVERYWHERE,a
XII. The Spanish regiment encaged the
enemy. The rebels belonged to the armies
under Maximo Gomez and Maceo. The
enemy was surprised by the royal troops,
and fought for an hour. They were in
strong position.-;, which were captured.
>nemy it is believed suffered severely.
The royal troops bad two officers and four
men killed and one officer and eighteen
dipii wounded.
Daring a reconnoisance near the Chris
tilina sugar estate, the royal troops had a
brush with the enemy, killing two of
them iim! capturing one prisoner.
SANTIAGO DE CUBA, Dec. 28 (via
Tampa, Fia.. Jan. in.— The columns un
der command of General Canolla and
Colonel? Lejada Baruero and Etais, on the
•id 26th inst., in the vicinity of Ra
mon del Las Vagus, had engagements with
the rebels commanded by Jose Maceo,
Ruez, Sanchez, Perez, Gobreco and Bonne.
The engagements were renewed at Fon
\and Josefina. Four dead rebels were
md about fifty wounded. The enemy
broke up into small parties and sought
m flight. The royal troops had one
. wounded. The column
msnd of Colonel Baquero re
turned to Guantanamo, having two
wcun
Last evening the steamer Kstrella ar
rived here, having on board General Fran
sJsco de Barja Canella, accompanied by
■ '.to Oarrido. the latter in com
mand of the Guantanamo guerrillas, and
Ko: It's and Perez of the navy.
It is reported that Dr. Juan Gomez of
the volunteers was killed in tlie battle of
Ramoi
On the 28tb inst. c\ rebel party of twenty
•j bid themselves in La Barbacoa, a
mile and a half from the village of Dos
Caminuss to await the guerrillas that were
inspecting the line of the Sabanilla aud
Maroto railroad.
As soon as the guerilla? arrived at Bar
i they suddenly received a discharge
from the insurgents at a distance of fifteen
Tito ati: ;nexi>ected that
Spaniards had not the presence of
■ the lire and had three
k:lierl and seven wounded. In the midst
of the confusion I leader, Colonel
Qchez, ordered an attack with
machetes. The guerilias then disbanded,
fleeing in every direction.
inst. the Spanish chiefs,
Canell&s, Baquero and Guido, left Guanta
namo again with 2500 men. going in
the direction of Ramon de las Yagas,
where Jose Idaoeo'a camp is located. Two
thousand more soldiers left Songo tinder
General Linarsand Colonels Sandoval and
Lejada to join Canellas in the attack on
Jose Maceo.
According to the reports of a resident
planter in Ramon de las- Yagas, the troops
did not dare approach Maceo's camp, situ
ated in La Jos Fina, for fear of the dyna
mite which was placed around the camp.
■. "•■ Maceo left 1600 men in his camp ana
with 1410 men took possession of the high
est and best positions of the mountain.
A i all the heights were in possession of
- f rebels 4 the Spaniards distributed all
..their troops so as to attack at the same
time. The first fight began in the ruins of
* Rarootf do las Yagas, where the rebel
!ei4ft#?iJonne, was intrenched with 300
infantry. Spanish Colonel Baquero at
tacked them from three different sides,
while the insurgents fired at the enemy
constantly, causing many to be killed and
wounded.
This lire lasted from 9 a. m. to 4 p. >i.. at
which time Colonel Baquero, assisted by
the guerrillas of Guantanarao, ordered an
attack with the bayonet. Bonne was com
pelled to break lines and make an attack
with machetes, leaving the ruins in the
power of Colonel Baquero, who enjoyed it
only a few moments, as the dynamite
bombs began to explode in the middle,
causing death and horror among the Span
iard.-.
In this encounter the Spaniards had
3 officers and 23 soldiers killed, 3 officers
and 47 soldiers wounded.
General Canellas, protected by bomb-
Bhells and a piece of artillery which he had
with him, was able to ascend the moun
tains, until, when neariug the top, he saw
the insurgents appearing from all sides.
The general was foiced to retreat, fearing
dynamite. The Spanish colvmn was then
dislodged from their position, under the
constant fire of the rebels, leaving seven
killed and nineteen wounded. The rebels
had two killed and nine wounded.
PLACETAS. Cuba, Dec. 26 (via Tampa,
Fla., Jan. 11).— The r^bel chiefs, Perico
Diaz and Porral, died in tilia vicinity fol
lowing the engagement at La Luisa.
TJBET DEFEATED MACEO.
*l.a>xiards Report n Victory in a Jiattle
at Jliijona.
WASHINGTON, U. C, Jan. IL— The
Spanish Minister this afternoon received
the following cablegrams from Madrid:
"The conimander-in-chief in Cuba cables
that the Spanish column, under General
Navarro ami Colonel Arizon, again over
took Maceo on the 10th inst. at liinona. on
the border of the province of Pinar del
Rio, and defeated him with heavy loss,
capturing his positions. The Mayor of
C eiba buried over 150 bodies of insurgents
which he found when reeonuoitering the
apot on which the column of General Na
varro had an engagement with Maceo and
Maximo Gomez some days back. The rest
of the province is quiet."
A LETTER FROM OOM.EZ.
It Tells of the Progress in the Struggle for
Freedom.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 11.-Tomas
Estrada Palrna, the Cuban party's repre
sentative in the United States, is in receipt
of the following letter from the insurgent
general. Gomez:
Headquarters Cuban Army in Campaign,)
jjuuak Plantation Kmfresa, >
Matanzas, Dec. 31, 1895. )
To Tokos Estrada I'a'una, Esq.— My Dear
Friend: I wrote you a few lines yesterday
and I write these in addition at night, as it is
the only time I have to spare, and that after a
hard day's work.
We have had three combats with the enemy
to-dny, and we have won all three and have
been doubly* successful, for we have thus
broken through their lines and are marching
forward, notwithstanding the great efforts of
the enemy to prevent it and all the desperate
means they are employing in order to drive us
back. ; v "
This territory, successfully invaded by us, is
full of the most exalted enthusiasm mixed
with surprise, as they did not expect this rapid
invasion. . The torch, 1 am sorry to say, is pro
ducing its effect, not among the* strong
minded, because these have always been with
the revolution, but with me weak, who are
row opening their eyes to the true situation of
the country.
They realize that the decisive moment has
arrived, and that true patriots should stop at
no sacrifice, for if they shed their blood gener
ously with greater reason they should raze the
country to the ground, If it is necessary to thus
obtain victory, because our dignity and self
respect are pledged in the heroic struggle
which is to redeem the Cuban people from the
tyranny of Spain.
it is not possible, my friend, that so many
accumulated hardships of our suffering people
tihouM not some day have their reward, which
is a natural consequence that justice metes
out to all as their rightful due.
We are doing all to our power here, leaving
all else to fortune. lam more than ever sure
that we will be successful, and you can so state
to the world, whose sympathies must be with
a nation righting for its independence.
M. Gomez.
COUNTED A QUORUM.
Speaker Reed Exercised the
Power the First Time
This Session.
CHANGES IN THE RULES.
All the Recommendations of the
Committee Agreed To
Except One.
WHEELER OBJECTED IN VAIN.
Declared that the Counting Process
Was Unfair and Wholly
Unconstitutional.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 11.— The
House to-day finished consideration of
the code of rules reported from the Com
mittee on Rules, with the exception of the
one with relation to the counting which
went over by request of Henderson (R.) of
lowa. Every change recommended by the
committee was agreed to and no proposi
tion originating on the floor was accepted.
The most entertaining part of the day's
discussion was evoked by an amendment
proposed by Curtis (R.) of New York,
which bad to do with eulogies upon de-
ceased members. It was advocated by a
number of members, but failed of adop
tion by a vote of 31 to 131.
Wanger (R.) of Pennsylvania endeavored
to secure a re-enactment of th<* rule of the
Fifty-third Congress giving the privilege
of the lobby in the rear of the hall to news
paper men, but secured only seventeen
votes in support of his motion. The vote
being short of a majority, gave an oppor
tunity for the Speaker to count a quorum
for the first time in this Congress. There
were 190 gentlemen in their seats and the
Speaker announced that a quorum was
present to do business.
The House resumed consideration of
changes in the code of rule 3 proposed by
the committee. At the suggestion of
Henderson (R.) of lowa the paragraph
relating to the counting of a quorum when
one fails to vote on auy question was tem
porarily passed.
"Wheeler (D.)of Alabama moved to strike
out the paragraph providing that "on de
mand of an}- member or at tho suggestion
of the Speaker the names of members suf
fioient to make a quorum in the hail of the
House who do not vote shall be noted by
the clerk and recorded in the journal and
reported to the Speaker with the names of
the members voting and be counted and
announced in determining the presence of
a quorum to do business. " His first ob
jection to it, Wheeler said, was that it
was unconstitutional, and if not uncon
stitutional its operation would permit the
passage of a bill or even the declaration of
war in the House by the votes of less
than a majority of a quorum.
"Wheeler's amendment was lost. Several
committee amendments were agreed to,
and the proposition to limit memorial ser
vices over deceased members to a series of
resolutions was voted down — 31 to 130.
The remainder of the committee amend
ments were agreed to, as follows: Making
it possible to change the rules without
previous notice; regulating the privilege
of the floor granted to representatives of
the press associations, and striking out the
regulation governing the printing of docu
ments that have been covered in the new
printing law.
A nunxber of unavailing efforts were
made by members to secure amendments
to the rules. Among them was one by
Turner (D.) of Georgia to retain the pro
vision making a majority of the whole
membership a quorum of the committee of
the whole. This had been the unvarying
rule in the history, save in the Fifty-first
Congress, when a quorum of the commit
tee of the whole was fixed at 100, and that
number is incorporated in the present
code.
At 3:45 o'clock, on motion of Hender
son, the House adjourned until Monday.
O.V TOREIGX RELATION'S.
The Armenian and Cuban Questions Be
fore the Committee.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 11.— The
Senate Committee on Foreign Relations
held a special meeting this morning for
the purpose of considering the Armenian
and Cuban questions. There are more
important matters before this committee
this session than there have been in many
years, owing to the many recent foreign
complications. The Armenian question
is considered by the committee to be the
most urgent, and some means will doubt
less be devised to bring about a condition
that will afford Americans and their prop
erty better protection under the Turkish
Government. The committee nas been
flooded with petitions and memorials on
the subject. How best to meet the situa
tion is a question not easily answered.
The well-established policy of the United
States of avoiding entangling alliances
with foreign powers will be respected by
the committee.
The Cuban question is one that is also
considered by the committee as of imme
diate importance, There is no doubt the
majority of the committee is in favor of
the recognition of the Cuban insurgents as
belligerents, but the committee does not
think the time is yet ripe for such recog
nition, as the insurgents have not yet
gained the signal victory that will justify
the United States in extending to them
the recognition that will give them, so far
as this country is concerned, belligerent
rights.
Of course the Venezuelan matter has not
been lost sight of, but there appears to be
no immediate necessity for action on that
question. The appointment of the com
mission by the President is considered a
motion for a stay of proceedings pending
the finding of facts by the referees, who
htve been appointed for that purpose.
Affairs relating to Hawaii, Nicaragua,
etc., are before the committee, and several
resolutions looking to important action on
the part of this Government, especially
the resolution of Lodge directing the com
mittee to make an investigation of the re
port :hat the Danish Government ia will
ing to Bell her three islands in the Lesser
Antilles— St. Thomas, Santa Cruz and St.
John.
The committee adjourned at 1 o'clock.
No conclusion was reached on any matter
before the committee. The Venezuelan,
Armenian and Cuban questions were dis
cussed, and there was a free interchange
of views, but no effort was made to pass
upon the subjects. They were all referred
to sub-committees, aud no report there
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 12, 1896.
from will be made to the Senate until after
the next meeting.
It can be stated with positiveness that
the members of the committee are opposed
to any attempt on the part of the adminis
tration to send warships to Turkey for the
purpose of making any further demonstra
tion. It is decided that a dozen ships
could accomplish more than one, the only
merit in the presence of a ship in Turkish
waters being the flag it carries and the
moral effect its presence may produce.
All MS FOR THE MILITIA.
Stnator Hatcley'n Hill Approved by Gen-
eral Hoe.
WASHINGTON. D. C. Jan. 11.— Senator
Hawley's bill to arm the militia, which
authorizes the Secretary of War to furnish
the National Guard of the various States
with Springfield rifles of 45 caliber in ex
change for any other type of rifle now in
use has been referred to the Wai Depart
ment for an opinion as to its merits, and
Assistant Secretary Doe, who is in charge
of military matters and thoroughly ex
perienced in them, has, after careful
consideration, given the bill a strong in-
dorsement, but has suggested that it would
be of even greater benefit to the militia if its
provisions were extended so as to author
ize the exchange of new Springfield rifles
of 45 caliber for arms of the same make and
caliber already in possession of the militia,
but which have become worn out and use
less as the result of continued use.
After passing the bill as it stands it
would have been impospiblo to exchange
the old Springfield rirles held by the
militia for new ones as the exchange is
confined to arms of other make. Accord
ing to General Doe a good gun is a desider
atum to militiamen and the Government
should see that all are properly equipped
in that respect. In view of the main pur
pose of the bill it is believed that it will be
amended so as to meet the point raised by
the military authorities.
UNION PACIFIC PATENTS.
An Attempt to Secure Some In
formation Relating to Their
Suspension.
Members of the Committee Not Yet
Ready to Be Known as
"Land Agents."
WASHINGTON. D. C, Jan. 11.-The
House Pacific Roads Committee to-day
heard E. Ellery Anderson, Government
Director of the Union Pacific Railroad, and
Wheeler H. Peckham, an attorney of New
York City, in advocacy of a resolution
calling on tne Secretary of the Interior for
information as to why land patents have
been suspended.
The committee took no action, it being
understood that Anderson would, in the
meantime, prepare a bill on this subject to
be presented to the committee when it
meets again on Monday, the 20th inst.
Ex-Representative Payson of Illinois,
representing the Central Pacific Railroad,
will appear before the committee on that
day and oppose any such resolution or bill
as proposed by the Union Pacitic. He does
not wish the impression to get abroad tbat
the Pacific Railroads Committee is acting
in the capacity of a body of "land" at
torneys for the Pacific roads, but that they
are a fair and impartial body of men.
Maguire said to-night:
"1 heard a report to-night that the Pa
cific Roads Committee had adopted a
resolution asking Secretary Smith why he
had suspended land patents to the Pacific
roads. I was astonished that this
committee would do 'such a pre
posterous thing. They have no
business looking after their land patents,
and the adoption of such a resolution
would have made them appear as 'land
agents' for Pacific roads. I learned to
night that the report was erroneous, but
that Union Pacific Director Anderson will
prepare a bill looking to the resumption of
land patents. The Central Pacific people
are smarter, however. Tneir attorney,
ex-Representative Payson, will oppose
such a measure, realizing full well that its
adoption would place the Committee on
Pacific Roads in the attitude of railroad
land agents."
Chairman Powers also stated to The
Call correspondent to-night that no such
resolution had been adopted.
TO CREATE A COMMISSION.
J»l> » sun's Hill for Sacramento River
Improvements.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 11.-Repre
sentative Johnson to-day introduced a bill
to create a Sacramento River commission,
defining its powers and duties and making
appropriation therefor. It provides for a
commission— to be known as the Sacra
mento River Commission— consisting of
three members, to be appointed from the
corpa of engineers of the United States
army by the President, to hold office for a
term of four years and until their succes
sors are appointed and qualified, and any
vacancy that may occur in the commission
shall be filled in like manner.
Section 2 provides that the commission
•hall organize within thirty days after its
appointment by selecting from its mem
bers such officers as may be required in
the performance of its duties, and it may
at any time adopt rules and regulations
not inconsistent with the law to govern its
deliberations and acts. No compensation
shall be allowed to the members in addi
tion to what is now allowed each, respec
tively, as an officer of the corps of enei
geers.
The commission shall have its office in
Sacramento and tho expense of maintain
ing the office shall be paid out of the
moneys appropriated.
VEFJE2SBEB OF THIS COAST.
Senator Perkins Asks Secretary Herbert
for JUoro Warships.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 11.-Sena
tor Perkins has prepared the following let
ter to Secretary Herbert :
To Hon. H. A. Herbert, Secretary of the Kavy—
my Dear Sir: Recent events have caused the
people of California to study the means ol de
fense which their State now has, and to ascer
tain on wb&t they may rely for protection in
time of war. They have found that the only
vessel in the Pacific squadron of the United
States Navy is the Philadelphia. The Olympia
and Boston have been, I understand, "trans
ferred to the Asiatic station, which leaves one
flagship the only vessel in the squadron for
the protection of the Pacific Coast.
There are, however, on the coast the Mon
terey, which, it ia stated, can be placed In a
serviceable condition without much trouble or
expense, and the Monadnock aud Oregon
,wuich can booh be finished. The desire among
those who have studied the matter is that
these three vessels be attached to the Pacific
squadron, which, with the Philadelphia,
would make quite a formidable showing, and
relieve the coast of that fear which they now
have that serious trouble might find them in a
comparatively helpless condition.
We would, therefore, ask you whether the
good of the service on the Pacific Coast would
not be subserved by the addition of the vessels
named. Any action looking to improved
lueana of protection ou the Pacific Coast will
be appreciated by its people. Yours very
tru 'y» George C. Perkins.
The letter will receive the signatures of
the entire coaßt delegation in Congress.
A Land Grant Approved.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 11.-Tfae
Secretary of the Interior to-day approved
to the Central Pacific Railway Company,
as a successor of the California and Oregon
Railway Company, a grant in the Redding
(Cal.) land district, containing 67,784 acres
of land.
CONTRACTS FOR COAL
England Makes a Very Bold
Move on the Northern
Border.
READY FOR EMERGENCY.
Vessels May Be Supplied With
Fuel at Canadian
Ports.
MEETING OF THE COMMISSION.
Little Done Beyond Hearing Qualifica
tions of Applicants for
Positions.
SYRACUSE, N. V., Jan. 11.— A special
to the Standard from Oneida, N. V., says:
It has been learned that the English
Government has just entered into a con
tract with the oificials of the New York,
Ontario and Western Railroad for the de
livery of one million tons of coal to points
along Lake Ontario and the Canadian bor
ders.
The contracting for coal in such large
quantities is thought to have some signifi
cance when the strained relations of Great
Britain and the United States over the
Venezuelan question is taken into consid
eration.
It is thought to mean that England is to
supply her coaling vessels at Canadian
ports, if not to establish and supply new
ones in case war should ensue between the
two countries.
The New York, Ontario and Western
road is largely controlled by English capi
talists, and the placing of the contract
with them is a sort of national affair.
The railroad is now making preparations
for filling the contract, and many cars and
engines are being repaired and built.
THE rEXEZVJSIiAX COIU3IIS!> JOJV.
Jieaeified by em Army of Applicants for
I'oaitiona.
WASHINGTON, D. C. Jan. 11. — The
members of the Venezuelan Commission
assembled in the diplomatic room of the
State Department at 10:30 o'clock this
morning after a recess of a week. Andrew
D. Wright, who was the only absentee at the
former meeting, was present. Justice
Brewer, president of the commission, pre
sided, and his private secretary, Frederick
.1. Haig, was temporarily installed as
clerk pending the appointment of the ex
ecutive officers and the other assistants to
be selected.
A large number of applications for em
ploy ment by the commission have been
received from stenographers, translators
and others anxious to obtain clerical em
ployment, and this morning some of these
crowded the anteroom between the office
of the Secretary of State and the diplo
matic room when the members of the
commission began their session.
J. M. Prevost, an international lawyer of
some reputation, who has been connected
with the Peralta-"Reavis case, is S3id to be
strongly booked for the principal position
which the commission will create.
The commission adjourned for the day
at 3:30 o'clock, after having been in con
tinuous session for five hours. Most of
the day was spent in examining the quali
fications of candidates for the secretaryship
and other positions, Dut no selections ware
made. The commission decided to lease
offices on the fourth floor of the Baltimore
Sun building. Until these are prepared
for use it will meet at Justice Brewer's
residence. Dr. Gilman presented to the
commission a sketch of a preliminary
physical map of the disputed territory.
with VENEZUELA DIRECT.
Thai la Mote England Intends to Settle
the Dispute.
LONDON, England. Jan. 11.— West
minister Gazette says it has reason to be
lieve that the Cabinet at its meeting to
day decided upon peaceful measures, but
favored the maintenance of the Franco-
Russian entente and the establishment of
a Russian administration of affairs in Ar
menia. '
President Cleveland's message was not
before the Cabinet, but the Cabinet was
favorable to making an effort to settle the
Venezuelan dispute with Venezuela direct,
and with a view of the accomplishment of
that object there is a good prospect of
England resuming diplomatic relations
with Venezuela through the good offices
of a certain American State, not the
United State?, however.
The foregoing is evidently merely a sur
mise on the part of the Gazette, and does
not appear to be inspired.
JV'O OPPOSITION TO ALLISON.
Will lie Ite-elected Senator by the lowa
Legislature
DES MOINES, lowa, Jan. 11.— The lowa
Legislature as its first business of im
portance will elect United States^Senator
"William B. Allison to succeed himself.
The election will be on Tuesday, and
Senator Allison will be here it is expected.
It is probable the Democrats will give
their complimentary vote to Judge W. J.
Babb of Mount Pleasant, who was Demo
cratic candidate for Governor in the last
campaign. The Republicans have about
4 to 1 majority, and in their ranks there is
no opposition to Allison.
Compromiaed on Patents.
N^VARK, N. J., Jan. 11.— The legal
complications of Thomas A. Edison with
John R. Hardin, receiver of the American
Phonograph Company and various phono
graph companies with interests hinging
on Edison's claims, were ended in the
Court of Chancery this morning, when
Vice-Chancellor Emery issued an order
legalizing the compromise asked for by
Edison and the stockholders and credit
ors. The receiver gets all the oatents of
Edison in the company named and in the
Edison Phonograph Company, and Edison
is prevented from making phonographs
for any one but the receiver. The decision
is favorable to the receiver.
Sobbed, at a Jiepot.
FORT SCOTT, Kaxs., Jan. 11.— This
morning two masked men held up and
robbea Night Ticket Agent Knox at the
Missouri, Kansas and Texas depot. J. C.
Klnney and Carl Fortiner, who were
waiting for the train, were robbed at the
»same time. All were lined up against the
wall in the agent's office and robbed. The
amounts obtained by the robbers, how
ever, were small. The company's safe was
robbed. The agent said it contained but
%s±. The robbers escaped.
Jicath of General Barlow.
NEW YORK. N. V., Jan. 11.-General
Francis Charming Barlow, the former At
torney-Geimal of this State and a widely
known lawyer, died at his home here to
day in his sixty-first year. He death was
attributed to the effects of la grippe con
tracted a year ago.
FEARS WERE WELL FOUNDED.
Mysterious Murder of a Man Who Was
Refused Protection by the
Authorities.
FORT SCOTT, Ka>s , Jan. 11.— Two
days ago Quill Burger, a well-known baker,
who had just returned to this city after a
long absence, sent to Sheriff Allen and
asked for protection from a man whose
name he gave as Dr. Munyard of Eureka,
Ctah. He said he had been conducting a
bakery at Eureka and that the doctor had
sworn to kill him, for which reason he
fled. Upon arriving here he discovered
that the doctor had followed him. Burger
was closely questioned by the officer, but
would not tell the nature of the trouble
that caused his apprehension of being
murdered. The Sheriff believed it an hal
lucination and assured him that nobody
would harm him.
Last evening Burg«r's dead body was
found in an isolated cave in the west part
of town. His throat was cut from ear to
ear. There was no sign of a struggle, nor
could any evidence be found to indicate
that he had been killed at that spot. The
body was in a sitting posture, leaning
against the wall of the cave, and life Had
evidently been extinct twenty-four hours.
No weapon could be found to indicate sui
cide.
The city and county officers were noti
fied and have as yet been unaole to learn
who could have had any motive to murder
him. The body is in the Morgue and sen
sational developments are expected.
UNIFORMITY jjv MIXING.
Investigation of a Joint Commission in
One District.
PITTSBURG, Pa., Jan. 11.— The joint
commission of miners, operators and news
paper editors appointed to investigate
whether true uniformity in mining and
wages exist in the district concluded their
labors this afternoon. A resolution was
adopted Betting forth that uniformity
practically exists in the district, and this
report will fix the rate of mining at 64
cents per ton.
The uniformity prevails at 05 2-7 per
cent of the mines embraced in the district,
these mines producing 05 per cent of the
outrut of the district and em ploying about
20,000 men.
ARREST OF THE STUDENTS
Detectives Make a Raid on the
Drake Medical
College.
Accused of Complicity in the Theft of
Bodies Used for Dis
section.
DESMOINES, lowa, Jan. 11.—Detect
ives this evening arrested nineteen stu
dents and the janitor of Drake Medical
College on the charge of robbing the graves
at Saylorville cemetery, which were re
cently opened, and also with robbing
graves at the county poor farm.
The warrants were sworn out by Lou
Brendel, superintendent of the roor farm.
The accused were all released on $300
bonds each. The officers found at the
medical school two more bodies, those of
James. Muldoon and James Anderson,
who had been buried in the ootraty poor
farm cemetery. It i 3 thought the bodies
were taken from the graves on Thursday
evening of this week.
When the officers went to the college
they found the students around the bodies
hard at work. The entire roomful was
arrested. The names of the students ar
rested are: David Fairchild Jr., Ed
Walker, C. G. Young, C. F. Smith, James
Hazlitt, E. E. White, W. A. Snoke, Fred
Rogers, J. A. Hull, Mark Dashiell, B. B.
Youst, Fred McGarrough, William Ship
ley, 11. C. Curless, F. S. Barnes, C. F. Bui
kin, J. 'Carter and M. S. Van Hank, the
janitor.
The claim they have absolute
evidence to convict a number of the stu
dents of complicity in the robberies. Thus
far nine bodies have been found which are
believed to have been stolen by the stu
dents.
MAST FIRMS INVOLVED.
Some Extensive Failures Occur in I'/iila-
PHILADELPHIA, Pa., Jan. 11.— The
Keen-Sutterle Company, extensive im
porters and dealers in glazed kid, against
which executions for $67,730 were issued
in favor of Mrs. Mary G. Forepaugh, made
an assignment to-day to the Equitable
Trust Company. Subsequently the latter
conitmny was appointed by the court as
receiver of the embarrassed concern. Mrs.
Forepaugh also entered judgment against
Frederick W. Sutterle, the head of the
company, for a similar amount. The
failure also involved John M. Fenlin, an
extensive morocco manufacturer in this
city. It is estimated that the liabilities of
the Keen-Sutterle Company will exceed
half a million dollars. Fenlin's liabilities
are about $SOOO.
The assignment of the Keen-Sutterle
Company produced a flurry on the Stock
Exchange to-day by the offering of a large
block of shares of the Choctaw, Oklahoma
and Gulf Railroad Company, which were
carried on a margin for a syndicate com
posed chiefly of the members of the Keen-
Sutterle Company. The price foil rapidly
from 11^ to 8%, but it recovered a point
before the close.
James 8. Keen, the vice-president of the
company, is reported to have stated to
day that nine house 3in the leather trade
will be involved by the failure. Another
merchant is said to have expressed the
opinion this afternoon that four firms
would be involved.
Following this failure the embarrass
ment of John A. Duncan & Co., local
morocco manufacturers, was announced.
Executions were issued against Duncan &
Co. for |35,000.
ojs< }iahi;i:u from the jlrmt.
Charges of Forgery and Insanity Alto
to Be Dropped.
OMAHA, N ebb., - Jan. 11. — Harry G.
Chaffee, who is a stepson of ex-Secretary
of State Roggen of Nebraska, has been
discharged from the army by order of
Secretary Lamont. He enlisted at Fort
N iobrara and was soon arrested for forgery
by the civil authorities, and was also ar
rested by the Federal officers for desertion,
but was adjudged insane and committed
to the State asylum. The charge of forgery
has been dismissed and. he will probably
be discharged from the asylum.
— • . . »
Iteath of a \otnt Merchant.
BOSTON. Mass., Jan. 11.-John L.
Bremer, for many year 3 the head of one
of the largest dry-goods commission
nouses in Boston, died this morning, agod
71. He retired from business on January
1, 1895.
*
John I*. Spaulding Dead.
BOSTON, Mass., Jan. 11. -John P.
Spaulding of Nash, Spaulding & Co. of the
Revere Sugar Refinery, and one of the
prominent sugar men of the country died
tnis morning.
WATCHED BY JAPAN
Russia's Action in Taking
Kia-Chow as a Naval
Station.
SINISTER SIGNIFICANCE.
The Czar's Attitude in the Far
East Cannot Be Viewed
With Complacence.
THE MOHAMMEDAN REBELLION.
An Additional Army Sent to Join
General Tung in Fighting the
Insurrectionists.
TOKIO, Japan, Dec. 27.— The ninth ses
sion of the Japanese Diet commenced on
Christmas day. Great interest attaches to
the proceedings on this occasion. For the
first time in Japanese parliamentary his
tory the Cabinet meets the Diet with
a large and openly avowed body of adher
ents in the Lower house. On the other hand
the fact that the chief political party in
the empire— a party commanding 100 votes
out of a total of 300 in the House of Repre
sentatives — is now on the Government's
side, has induced the various sections
forming the opposition to amalgamate
into a solid union, the result being such a
close division of forces that the balance of
power rests with a small party of thirty
two members, called the National Union
ists. Victory will lie with whichever side
secures tne votes of the Jatter. The ques
tion at issue between the opposition and
the Cabinet relates to foreign policy.
It is maintained by the opposition that
the Ministry is responsible for the retro
cession of Liaotung and that the pro
gramme pursued in Korea has been alto
gether too weak.
But many national problems of vital
importance press for solution in the sequel
of the war with China — problems relating
to increase of armament, promotion of in
dustries, extension of maritime enterprise
and so forth — and it is felt that to impede
the settlement of these problems for the
sake of arraigning the acts of the Cabinet
in the past would be contrary to the in
terests of tbe empire. If the opposition
quietly voted for all the Government's im
portant bills and after the passage of these
introduced an address to the throne ar
raigning tbe Ministry, they might obtain
a majority of votes, so Btrongly developed
among the members of the lower house
is the instinct of attacking those in power.
But during a session of only three months'
duration there is always threat difficulty in
passing a number of measures through
both houses, however popular the meas
ures may me.
Hence, even though the opposition defer
their assault upon the Ministry until after
the passage of all-important measures sub
mitted to the lower house, they will still
run the risk of defeating the measures by
precipitating the dissolution of the Diet
before the upper house ha 3 had time to
conclude its deliberations. Thus the Gov
ernment virtually holdß command of the
situation, since it can easily contrive to
divide the work between the two houses
so that, up to the very last hour, some
thing will remain to be accomplished.
Appreciating this dilemma, the opposition
have resolved to introduce their vote of
want of confidence at an early stage of the
proceedings— precipitancy that will prob
ably involve defeat. Should they win the
day, whether early or late, the Cabinet is
pledged to dissolve the house and appeal
to the country, and is further pledged to
resign in the event of the constituencies'
pronouncing against it.
Considerable sensation has been caused
in Japan by Russia's action in obtaining
the port of Kiao-chow as a naval station
during winter. Kiao-chow is a spacious
bay on the southern side of the Shantung
Peninsula. A certain sinister significance
seems to attach to the presence of a Rus
sian squadron on one side of a Chinese
peninsula while a Japanese force occupies
a fortified harbor (,Wei-hai-wei) on the
other, especially in view of the fact that
Japan's occupation is temporary, being de
pendent upon the complete payment of
the war indemnity, and that the supposed
object of Russia is to extrude the Japanese
from all positions on Chinese soil. Rus
sia has succeeded in thrusting Japan out
of Liaotung and Manchuria, and it looks
as if she intended to make sure of pushing
her out of Wei-bai-wei also when the stip
ulations of the Shimonoseki treaty are ful
filled. She is gradually acquiring in the
Far East a position that cannot be viewed
with complacence either by Great Britain
or by Japan.
The threatened cabinet crisis in Japan
has passed, Marquis Ito, president of the
Cabinet, having returned to Tokio and re
sumed the duties of his post. Count Mutsu,
Minister of Foreign Affairs, who has been
recruiting his health for months at his sea
side villa, is now convalescent, but is not
expected to take up active duties before
April.
The commission appointed by the United
States Government to inquire into the
Szechuan outrages was reported, when last
heard from, to oe making steady progress
toward its goal, Chengtu. The journey
was estimated to last seveuty-three days.
Daring the first few weeks the commis
sioners rode on horseback ; then they used
mule-litterß and subsequently sedan chairs.
One account says that they have met with
great civility ana helpfulness from all
Chinese officials en route, but another al
leges that they have had to endure studied
neglect and insults.
The Mohammedan rebellion in Bhensi
remains unquelled. General Sung, who
commanded the whole of the Chinese
forces in Manchuria during the campaign
against Japan, has been ordered to proceed
at once with his array of 20,000 men to re
Sharp
Shooting pains in the headand face are
symptoms of neuralgia, "the prayer of the
nerves for pure blood." Therefore to cure
neuralgia purify the bl«od and build up by
Sarsaparilla
The One True Blood Purifier. *1; six to*. I *.
HnnH'c Pillc cure an aver u»s, u..ious-
enforce General Tung of Kashgar, who is
said to be unable to cope with the rebels.
The people of Hunan have emphasized
their anti-foreign sentiment by issuing a
proclamation for the purpose of prevent
ing any sales of land to French mission
aries or Japanese, who are supposed to be
about to visit the province. The procla
mation emanates from the seven co.leges
of literature in Changsba. It threatens
severe punishment for any persons sell
ing land to foreigners, and promises a re
ward of ten string of cash to any one
giving information of intended or com
pleted sales, the reward to be increased by
half of the price paU for the land in tn«
event of an actual sale, the other half
going to the public funds. That such a
proclamation should be suffered to circu
late, in open defiance of the treaties, shows
the temper of ollicialdom in Hunan.
Peking is said to be full of foreigners of
all nationalities, who have gone there to
bid for some of the work-railways, ships,
arsenals, dockyards, loan's, and so forth—
that China is supposed to be about to un
dertake in her era of awakening. But as
yet no one has succeeded in obtaining an
order.
It is alleged that owing to dissensions
between the two official parties in Peking,
the Emperor's party, headed by Weng
Tung-ho, and the Empress' party, headed
Li Hung Chung, there is no chance what
ever for railway building or of reform.
The Emperor has just dismissed from of
fice in perpetuity two high officials charged
with using language calculated to estrange
his Maiesty and the Empress Dowager.
The sum (130,000,000 taels) required to
pay off the second half of the Japanese in
demnity, together with the 30,000,000 t:iel3
loaned by Russia for the repurchase of
Liaotung, is beine negotiated by the Ger
man Asiatic and Hongkong and Shanghai
Banks through their respective legations.
The Anti- Foot-binding Society in China
seems to be making 6onio progress. Its
associates in Chungking have held social
meetings, which the ladies of the city have
gladly attended. There can no longer be
any doubt that the women of China are
opposed to the custom of binding. Sev
eral have already agreed to give it up, and
none oppose the movement for abolishing
it, though there is a general opinion that
nothing can be achieved hastily.
In spite of the strong efforts made to
secure the execution of justice in the case
of the Kucheng outrages, and in spite of
the apparent success of those efforts, as
evidenced by a number of capital punish
ments, there is no doubt tnat a large num
ber of men implicated more or less directly
in the brutal massacre remain scot free.
Investigations conducted in loco by the
Foreign Commission of Inquiry resulted
in the preparation of a list of 105 names of
persons conclusively shown to have taken
part in the tragedy. Of these eleven only
have been punished by sentences of im
prisonment. The rest have never been
apprehended. The list here referred to
was compiled from the testimony of wit
nesses, who, though fully cognizant of the
facts to which they testified, could not,
for various reasons, appear before tne Chi
nese officials. It is in fact a list supple*
mentary to that drawn up by the officials.
It was formally sent to the Taotai of Foo
chow, who promised to dispatch deputies
to search for the ninety -four unpunished
persons. The promise was given at the
end of October, but remains apparently as
far from fulfillment as ever.
The sum total of the punishments mete-i
out by the Chinese Government in connec
tion with tbe Szechuan anti-missionary
riots is that six of the riotors were decapi
tated, seventeen sentenced to banishment,
tae cangue or the bamboo, and nine local
magistrates, expectant Taotai?, ictir
fects, etc., have been removed from office
or otherwise penalized. Considering that
no foreign lives were lost in the riots the
above is not an unsatisfactory record.
General E, the Tartar, of whom so much
was heard during tbe war in Machuria
last year, has received a reprimand from
the throne. The gallant officer's offense is
of a peculiar character — fahe modesty. He
presented a memorial declaring that his
incapability, mediocrity and other defects
disqualified him to accept the post of
Tartar-General of Foochow. The Emperor
practically says to him: "Go o, thou
bashful fellow."
NEW TO-PAY.
NEW YEAR
CLEARING
SALE.
£s r\ JLrf JCr •
SHOES
For Men, Women and Children. •
We're starting the New Year with too
many shoes; our new stock is coming and
we must have room. For two weeks only
every shoe in our store goes at an 18 to 26
per cent discount from our regular low
price. V> i
Come early— time is short.
SULLIVAN'S
18-20-22 FOURTH ST.
Telephone "Black 1121." Catalogues Free.
Ely's Cream Eali|Kiuj|
Cleanses the Nasal r '«^ll(^hr, »l
Passages, Allays Fain Wnasrvtb Siyi^^M
and Inflammation, fcy w »"ER ««»*.«
Restores the Senses of ■**> "-^jJTjaß
Taste and Smell. BaL J >/"^r/?''l
Heals the Sores. E^s - \^--^'^^
Apply Balta Into e»ch nostril f§jirarvS^s^3?si
ELY BBOS.66WarT«n st.N.Y JmmO^ek^^jm
$50 REWARD
FOR THE ARREST AND CONVICTION OF
the person or persons who tampered. with the
Mutual Electric Light Company's wires at the
corner of Third and Market streets, on Saturday,
the 11th lnat.
MUTUAL ELECTRIC LIGHT CO..
W. R. SUMMJEKHAWKS,
y\ ' General Manager.
Ai (^ RHEUMATISM,
II OATAaRH AND
■* ■ T\ Private DISE3 ASB3S
O A.TA A2STD
rv Private DISEASES
I!• I Treated by our Physician
{ )I /i and Medicine Furnished fop
•y v^ * «3per month.
FERRY DRUG CO
8 Market st., 8. V. 'EGGED ON BY RUSSIA
Germany Said to Have Been
Secretly Supported by
the Czar.
GREED OF THE NATIONS.
One Willing to Profit by the
Utter Annihilation of
Another.
SOUTH AFRICAN MAELSTROM.
Cecil Rhodes Reported to Have Planned
tbe Formation of a Great
Federation.
Copyright. 1896, by the New York Times.
LONDON. Eng., Jan. 11.-The German
Emperor continues to De uppermost in the
British minds. This sedate and some
what cumbrous organism now and again
directs itself toward Dr. Jameson or I
dent Krueger, or even Mutters briefly in the
direction of Washington, but it reverts al
ways to the Kaiser. Although a week has
elapsed, its anger burns brighter than
ever, but its bewilderment has also in
creased. It still hesitates at the dilemma
of deciding whether he is a mere irre
sponsible crank or a deliberate assailant.
Most of what happened in Germany dur
ing the week seems to support the former
theory.
There has been a complete lack of
official or political demonstrations of a de
sire to emphasize the truculent tone of the
Emperor's famous dispatch, and, on the
other hand, from Bismarck down, every
body of importance who lias made a sign
at all has shown tbe desire to read into it
something and add pacific meanings. It
is obvious that official word was sent
round to the papers Monday to stop shout
ing, and to say that the Knglish were mis
taken in supposing that the telegram had
c truculent intention.
Let'.ers from Germany, too. began to
ernve, saying that the fact that the Kaiser
showed the message to the Ministers be- '
fore ?enriiiiL r it was of no such significance
as the English might imagine, because he
had his Ministers in such a state of cring- j
ing subjection that they did not dream of
dissenting from anything that he showed j
them, and now confine their services to
the state* entirely to going round cau
■■■ after him and undoing as much of
the mischief he had wrought as was pos
sible. Still later there seemed to be cer
tain signs that the Emperor himself was
frightened at what he had done and was
willing to let others patch up the best
sort of apology for his haste that they
could manage.
To-day's reports that he has written a
contrite letter to his royal grandmother fit
this theory that he is anxious to quiet the
Ptorm that his action has raised, and if
that is really the case the English will
find satisfaction in the feeling that nis own i
7"opie will punish him in good time for
Buch recklessness or levity.
But on the other hand what has been i
Furnishingsjtepartment , IYT/^V*Tp A (?f/^\T w E DON ' T HAVE To put signs out. most stores hang their bar "
THE F\MOUS UTOi'l\ FAST m \rv !RJ| I | £%. S^3B ¥l\J V gains on their signs. The town is full of 'em. You can go from one end of the
Derby- Ribbed Cliildre^s Hose- no '11\J 1 /^ aT5l\ I I to the other and you 1 find nothing but clearance signs, but the bargains are on the
121 Cents. »^L OUR BIG BUILDINQ To INDICATE j£s«i!^site t^ fi s l^ n^. u S ££
. WilAI S GOING ON WITHIN to get rid of 'em, and the only way we know to get rid of 'em is to cut the price in two
* i ou know how we do things — never by halves.
"WIGHT ROBES FOR MEN. PRIDE OF "~ f~ " " " — ■ — — ,
r* the West muslin, cut 50 inches long, : Juvenile Department f ■■ —
handsomely embroidered, continuous fas- I L " — "
tenings and gussets, , . ; ' ' _ __^» 'v,- »■* |-y>— j"\pt-y% " " ' "■-
-45 Cents. W^ 'IIIZX^I ftt ¥^\~ ===
TVfEN'S UNDERWEAR -ABOUT 600 1 /V^K Q>MB RIGHT "^MO^^^ 3 VLjX^l JkXJ^^^ ■ "~
ill dozen in cadet gray and camels-hair, / ) IT- \\ n smart '„„ V] I ~ " — V jf : : . __
io P neS dld nt?> -■"«• tailor " fash - I/ 1 [ \ ' made f^m good j^ J^^T^T -^=^^^_^ -=
xonea. -Monuaj, I o J^\ Scotches, where we've hftfeT^--^ . ■ \ '
3R Ponlc V r/ W onl >" rt f ?« r of a kind " U k\ 1% r ' —J^SryS ni I i >J" ti "Vf^n
35 Cents. ' V[ V left; ranging in si zes S <M Sw^T^ = ©K^A^s^ WtBE Hi d
. =1 0C 1 for lads between the -Q^^^^J? fi 5 - «E^\t <B nWi t 5 Jt 5
• ri af:esof.s and 15; aw Q^^-^ ~^-S>^ V\\ W^ \ S^ F»t fc\ 1 |Z_\ £- R|" fc vV t
TirEN'S HIGH-GRAPE VICUNA UN- 13 03 C sSy° choice goods OfllT^O^^J 1 . — | "~~A /= C -3 FoRjß_A^ -ULt _Z3LBcL-J
JU derwear, splendid garments; haven't , ?onie values among MJ Ms- ~ — r ~"- —^* nißl^at^-n^^rzJLZ-' I>J^>*^ B
their peer in town at $1. Monday, ; \ 'cm up to $6 and $7 [) c- v vj Ollr^ L -— -^^ /A x y — I — ■ —
50 Cents - - J taso- Q^dL l^^T^- — =
fpHE FAMOUS GLASTONBURY V"l '^^Jfnri c^GHr?^7^ I^T^!^'^^ ~
1 Health Underwear, in camel's hair and R |L "^-^_ - «"r - __^ —
natural; garments that have a reputation 03 *^*» . 1 St ' f ., ' lAfilK-l j".
from Maine to California for being the - ■ ' — -^_ —^- Y °_° "}^^-^_ »' I f-f~ " -4c^— ' " ' 1 "~
highest class un«ier-garments made;"sold r->^ — <_ —^ >-^- [|~ | i — ~- — .
about town at $1.50. Monday with us K/l Ds- . ~^"~---— __ 'Tr~ — —^_ ===— -_^^-— — I TZ:
95 Cents. D '^QA\^ . 7^^- == —^- S^^
TNITIAL HANDKERCHIEFS - THE t l Tfl^ Of P£N SF ' > 15^^
1 balance left over from the Holiday £5? %S^ *&%K ~— __ U It ffi3b 2<k *^ —^I^%—^^^^^! S f^?7^— BP^
ness; about 50 dozen in all; they were 23c. M~' "\ i^^l) ~~ — " '[ tt9» — K^^r-^T^i 1 RFT Re^^l^aP ==Z
WlO Cents. •J^ Si 'r— . (___^ JSQ|C§|^ s^^
MEN'S HIGH-GRADE MERINO HOSE, /\^ J y\ /l\y\W/\ I /^^^^ ,X SACRAfI(E "HsmvELrTS?-l J Stl?*^
cadet, tan, camels-hair and natural- / r \ / 1 f?*^^ I \ I *r~J™fBSP ~^S Z\ -fl V V \ //''—^(fK — ~~" last et>
soft as a glove on the foot. Monday, ' 7 | j\//jl °i ] — \ \ j jfsFm&l h^^\^M^ \ ■// /\A 1 X RETIRING !)Alf -
S *°l V^ Jnt'em ilTtogTtheVJ * " ■ ' \ ''I lull /// Wlff ' ' -^^S^^^^^
U "il theyre i.. for yoUnR W E ' VE FOUND SOMETHING LIKF '//////// ////I I M ,\ / -^fc>. fh.^J^Pr^ '
Tan -J .7 of x' 4 and .I 9 j class goods, this season's importations, bnt '' I !//l///l /\>^^ ) 1 SA^At tS 2 *^ /y<^-«=^^>- v^ = "
I —^T-H yP v arS - N °v W smile laolM.io-.vr: t.. a f.. w of a k £d Amon-'em I ffl I\TSi / ' ■*"
JriJe" y ° U ! a ,re't S 1 cr 1< i 11 Ve Amer Ye " ( | |j /\^| ; f f<s^^> d!S^'^^^
/ll RO I - you wi " filul "Onae' very :s we if Double- I 111 ' U'i\ Wti 111 a\ // C^~-= — == s=a=^
/ \ iireasted Suits, for_short tMu^,boy«bel I 1 Hit \ W
I \\ Don't need to put ■ tweentheaL'es of r> and 15. It's a" great ,\\ \\l\ \\ftiVl i'-'Ol Ull l\? • '
/ » signs over our bui'd- ! gathering of creat Suit.. b •W\\WMm^-m Hi '"' nl. * »
/I ing when we oner Your pick Monday from either Reefer or VUVV \\\\\\\«m i' ( \''' tfrJl
I / U such values, do we? | Double- Breasted Suit at V>W*^tfi^^\\\A' l \\'. U
'I^APHAEL'S i RAPHAEL'S
ibiw (INCORPORATED). store, me Place (INCORPORATED). Trade. RAPHAELS (fncorpoiatcd), .9, 11, 13 and 15 Keamv Street. ••'
i ßisco-s biggest, BnsiEST store. | Tie Place where tie Big Masses Trade. | RAPHAEL'S (faeoif mM), 0, 11, 13 and 15 Kearny Street.
going on outside of Germany suggests
much method in this young man's mad
ness. It is not disputed that his govern
ment sounded that of Portugal last weeic
on the question of the right of way for
Germany to force through from Delagoa
Bay to the Transvaal. This in itself con
stitutes an unfriendly act. which no Eor
eign Office can ignore. Again it is plain
that President Krueger at Pretoria is being
advised from Berlin, where iiis Secretary
of State is closeted daily with the Em
peror and Hohenlohe.
It is known by long and costly expe
rience that Krueger is an exceedingly able
man, who needs no mental help from any
body in Germany or elsewhere. He will
not refuge to pick the plums out of what
ever cake is offered to him, but he will by
no means commit himself to >'at it all. He
would not suffer Germany to dictate any
thing to him, and his close, constant in
tercourse with Berlin can mean only that
he has some plan by which Germany can
serve him. England asks itself at once
what that plan may be, and these seems
to be an obvious answer.
Krueger has already in hand some large
advantage? over England. He holds
proofs of the chartered company's scoun
drelly plot to overrun the republic, and
has a score of its chief men in Africa in
jail on the charge of high treason. He
has the Boers all armed and spoiling for a
fight and the cowardly Uitlanders dis
armed and blanched in terror. He has a
string tied even to Dr. Jameson, and thus
he sits waiting for England to explain
what she proposes to do in the way of
apologizing for and punishing her free
booters, ransoming her stock-jobbing Uit
lander traitors and recompensing the
Boers for their trouble and expense. It is
hardly doubted that he has demanded a
higher price than England is willing to
pay, and then Krueger i 3 expected to say
that under the circumstances he must ap
peal to the general opinion of Europe and
ask Germany's aid in laying his hard case
before the assembled nations in a confer
ence which might, also, while it is about
it, discuss Egypt and other Anglo-African
questions.
It was with this probable sequence of
events plainly in view that England
swiftly called out what officials describe
as the particular squadron, but what every
naval man calls the North Sea fleet. The
perfect facility with which this operation
was performed has swelled every British
bosom with pride, and the statement that
three more such extra fleets can be got to
getner in a week, if necessary, makes the
whole island beam with self-satisfaction.
It was a stupid lie to say that a London
crowd had insulted and shown violence to
German residents here, but it is wholly
true that England ia a unit on the ques
tion of blowing Germany out of the water
if she insists on interfering in South
Africa. It is apparent that the Germans
more or less realize this fact and respect it.
It remains to be seen if their Emneror also
grasps it. If he should feel bound to go
ahead it is already clear that nothing
short of >\ recession of Alsace and Lorraine
would guarantee his immunity from at
tack on the French frontier. This, we
may assume, he could not discuss with
the Germans or even with himself.
Italy is very sick aDout the whole thing.
Austria is doubtful and suspicious and
Russia remains as usual inscrutable. It is
believed here that she is tacitly encourag
ing William to adventurous courses. If he
were smashed in the process and his em
pire who him Russia would profit rather
than lose by the fact, and meanwhile
would enjoy a free hand to prosecute her
own enterprises in the Levant and far East
without effective English resistance. This
consideration inclines the English Foreign
OtJiee to suspect St. Petersburg of egging
on Berlin.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 12, 1896.
An English officer who returned from
China a fortnight ago tells me that it is
well known there that the Russians are
busily at work on a railroad which is to
run from Nermschinsk across the Siberian
frontier to the Manchurian town of Tsitso
kar, thence in two branches to Vladivo
stok and the Pechili Gulf. He says, more
over, that of his own knowledge the Lon
don officials are perfectly aware of what is
being done.
It will he remembered that when the
rumor of this intention came from Hong
kong last summer, and the English
showed that they would resist by force any
such attempt, the Russian diplomats dis
avowed the design in most forma! and
explicit fashion. The Duke of Westmin
ster is so close to Lord Salisbury that his
public denunciation of Russia as respon
sible for the failure to do anything further
for the Armenians becomes almost an
official utterance. This consciousness that
Russia was the real stumbling-block has
been slowly forming in the British mind,
but the Duke is the first one in semi-au
thority who has said so. It may be
doubted, too, if he would have been so
frank had Lord Salisbury not become con
vinced that Russia was definitely hostile
to England elsewhere than on the Levant.
Under these circumstances there is some
loose talk here about trying to make a
Russian alliance.
English sentiment, however, is over
whelmingly against such an attempt.
The English would rather have the Rus
sians take Germany's side than their own,
for they instinctively feel that they would
have to fight Russia afterward, anyway,
and that to fight two empires at once
would give to them the sympathy of
Western Europe and of the world in gen
eral.
As to tbe strictly British aspects of the
South African maelstrom strange rumors
are current in the city and filtering
through clubiand. It i< said that Cecil
Rhodes has commanded that $500,000,000
be put up by a syndicate here for the pur
pose of rushing the Transvaal, overwhelm
ing the Orange Free State, declaring a
federation of all South Africa, and if Eng
land refused recognition cutting the
painter off-hand. He resigned the premier
ship before the news of Jameson's raid was
published in Cape Town, solely to be free
for this enterprise. Four days ago friends
of his here were qnietlv giving out word
that he would be President of the South
African republic by midsummer. Whether
the seizure of his brother with Leonard,
Phillips, Dunbar and the rest has quite
knocked the bottom out of this project is
uncertain, but that it existed is, I am told,
beyond question.
If the German complication blows over
there are likely to be revelations of finan
cial and political corruption underlying
thi< whole affair which will dwarf any
thing of the kind in history.
Chamberlain meanwhile has made the
greatest personal score of a generation. He
carries himself like a second Oliver Crom
well and the whole nation gapes at him in
dumb admiration. To-day's Cabinet coun
cil, which was the first since autumn,
briefly recalled to the public the existence
of other Ministers, but by to-morrow it
will be again Chamberlain first and the
re>t nowhere. Bave for a list of • official
denials that the situation in the Transvaal
is worse, which may mean anything, it is
useless to expect that any news will leak
out about the Cabinet meeting or its de
cisions until they are exhibited inaction,
Discussion about Venezuela in the pa
pers is still of great bulk, but it manifestly
proceeds under the disadvantage that the
public is thinking of something else. Such
few expressions of racial sympatny for
England and her Continental trouble as
have been perm itted to get across the wire
from America have been eagerly seized
upon and reprinted and until to-day the
advocates of some large and comprehensive
arrangement for a permanent arbitration
tribunal have been having things much
their own way in the press.
To-day the Times, however, feels im
pelled to call these people amiable vision
aries, and compliments its New York cor
respondent on having poured on them
such a wholesome shower of cold water.
The dispatch alluded to explains at a
column's length all the minute difficul
ties in the way of such an arrangement.
This criticism is useful, no doubt, but
Lord Playfair much better reflects the
spirit of the hour, at least over here, by
more than a column of warm advocacy of
the general principle, which he does not
doubt, if once accepted, will readily sub
ordinate minor difficulties to their proper
place. Even the Times reiterates its call
for official papers on the boundary dis
pute, and also suggests that if President
Cleveland had asked for one arbitration up
to the Schomburg line, with the proviso
that if Venezuela won this England would
then consent to a second arbitration as
to that line itself, it would not have been
refused, but the whole debate is getting so
much in the air that it is hardly worth
while to follow its development.
A month from to-day, when Parliament
meets, there will be something tangible
from the British official point of view to
consider, and probably not before.
The arrest of Little Rosenthal, who by
the sheer vitality and energy of his native
impudence has been able to impose him
self on Le Figaro and on Parisian journal
ism generally as an authority on foreign
politics, creates a great stir in Paris, but
need scarcely be a surprise. For a long
time I have been told this Jacques St. Cere
was swimming in queer waters and ulti
mately would be landed high ana dry. It
may bY that there are some honest anti-
English journalists in Paris, but it has
come to be the rule that the more violently
a Parisian writes and assails England the
more certain he is to turn up as a black
mailer and the creature of thieving syndi
cates.
It is understood that someothers equally
well known have been dipping their rin
gers in poor Max Lebaudy's millions, and
I hear also that the Dossier of the journal
ists who have been levying blackmail on
Monte Carlo are also in the hands of the
authorities, and this contains a very noble
name, indeed. With these rumors added
to the approaching opening of the Panama
lists, it may be understood why the Bour
geois Ministry continues to hold more
than its own.
Although Paul Verlaine lived in his
most mature years as a social outcast, his
funeral was attended by a distinguished
literary assemblage, including many
academicians, and Francois Coppee spoke
over his tomb of his immortality being
more certain than theirs. In England
tliis could not have happened, because a
man of genius here must also be respect
able. Respectability has its penalties none
the lens.
To-day England has read with literal
amazement eight doggerel stanzas by the
new i>oet laureate on Jameson's ride,
which fail beneath the level of ordinary
country weeklies' rhymes. The poem is
in outrageous taste from a public point of
view, but that is less noticeable than its
grotesque literary demerits. It turns the
author's appointment into a national hu
miliation before it is a fortnight old, and
already the radical wags have shaped
questions from it to ask of Balfour when
Parliament meets. Harold Fkkdsbio.
Abyatinians Repulsed.
ROME, Italy, Jan. 11.— The Govern
ment has received a dispatch from Masso-
W«h stating tnat a force of 60,000 Abyssin
ians tiad made Another attack unon the
Italian stronehohi at Makalle and were
repulsed with heavy losses. No details are
given.
KAISER WILLIAM COOL
Not Disturbed by Diatribes
of the English Press
and People.
APPEABS INDIFFERENT.
Does Not Believe There Is Any
Possibility of War With
Great Britain.
EXCHANGE OF COMMUNICATIONS
Disagreements Not Regarded Serious
Enough to Cause a Clash Between
the Two Nations.
BERLIN, Germany, Jan. 11.— The whole
tone of the information that is capable of
being gleaned from Government papers
points to an early restoration of amicable
relations between Germany and England.
If the Emperor, his Ministers or the Ger
man people were influenced in the least
by the savage and unrestrained language
indulged in by the English newspapers, as
shown by the summaries of their articles
telegraphed here, an open rupture between
the two Governments might be imminent.
But the Kaiser has for a longtime recog
nized the irresponsibility of the diatribes
of the English press and the English
peoole, and, though he is deeply irritated
thereat, he does not seem to believe that
there is any possibility whatever of an
outbreak of war between Germany and
Great Britain over such a question as that
involved in the Transvaal disturbances.
If the Emperor has any motives beyond
mere interference in behalf of a Govern
ment asking his assistance in prevailing
against an alien revolution and for the
purpose of protecting German interests,
there is no indication here that would
afford the slightest clew to them.
The semi-official newspapers discuss the
question of the isolation of England, but
they make not the slightest allusion to
any alliance against Great Britain which
the French and English press regard as
being projected.
In Berlin the tone of the Foreign Office
concerning the excitement of the English
press and public and the English naval
demonstrations and exhibition of sea
strength is not really akin to contemptu
ous indifference. There is a constant ex
change of communications between the
two Governments, with a consequent dis
closure of a difference of policy at various
points of contact apart from the Trans
vaal; but none of these disagreements in
volve such a radical disturbance of the re
lations of tne two powers as would call for
an increase of armament on either side.
In ofticiul circles the view taken of Lord
Salisbury's fleet demonstrations is that the
English Premier is playing to the mob
and that his attitude cannot mean an at
tempt to influence the policy of the Em
peror, who, Lord Salisbury well knows,
will take its development unaffected in the
slightest degree by menaces or demonstra
tions from any quarter.
The Nortti German Gazette prints an
article which is obviously inspired and
which reiterates the German contention
that the South African republic under the
convention of 1884 was no longer subject to
the suzerainty of the British Government,
toria, and as proof of this assertion calls
attention to the fact that since 1884 the
Transvaal Government has appointed En
voys and Consuls to foreign states without
consulting the Government of Great
Britain, and the Boer Government also
sent a delegate as an independent power
to the International Postal Congress at
Vienna without the slightest complaint
from England that such a proceeding on
the part of the Transvaai Government was
in excess of its authority and an infringe
ment upon the rights of Great Britain.
The semi-ofh'cial press generally refrains
from any expansive comment upon the
war preparations which the English Gov
ernment is so ostentatiously making, but
the journals which are freehanded and
not hampered by any official obligations
or connections do not.
The Vossische Zeitung asks the ques
tion: "Whom is England threatening,
Germany or the Transvaal republic?"
The National Zeitung attaches no spe
cial importance to England's naval dem
onstrations, but suggests that the Govern
ment ought to ask the meaning of them,
nevertheless.
The Tageblatt says it is understood that
Count yon Hatzfeldt, German Embassador
to Great Britain, has been instructed by
the German Government to inform Lord
Salisbury that these manifestations are
supposed to be directed against Germany
and are likely to provoke serious conse
quences.
Tlie Boersen Courier concludes that the
English excitement baa well nigh fizzled
out and the crisis is drawing to an end,
everything tending toward peace.
Apart from Prussian opinions, which
the Kaiser unquestionably represents, the
sentiment pervading the whole of the Ger
man States continues to uphold the Em
peror's action in interfering in the Trans
vaal, and it would be a bitter national dis
appointment if the Imperial Government
should retire a single step from the posi
tion it originally assumed. The entire
press of Bavaiia, Saxony and Wurtemberg
and even the Gotha Gazette and the Co
burg Gazette, the official organs of the
Duke of Saxe-Coburg and Gotha (Duke of
Edinburgh) are warm in ttie approval of
the course the Emperor has taken, though
from no quarter is war advocated.
The National Zeitung accurately reflects
the universal feeling upon the continuance
of good relations between Germany and
England, saying that Germany would be
found oftener than hitherto allied with
England's opponents in disputes affecting
English interests until the British Govern
ment shows itself convinced that Ger
many's friendship is more desirable than
her enmity, and that German interests
need fear but little from the policy of Eng
land.
The Prussian court has gone into mourn
ing for the period of a month for Prince
Alexander of Prussia, whose funeral took
place yesterday, and the programme of
the season's functions is consequently
altered. The royal theaters were closed
for three days after the death of the Prince,
on January 4.
It is reported that the expected pres
ence of Queen Victoria and the Prince of
Wales at the marriage of Princess Alex
andra of Coburg, daughter of the Duke
of Saxe-Coburg and Gotha, and Prince
Ernest of Hoheniohe-Langenburg, is now
doubtful, owine to the attitude of the Em
peror ami the strain occasioned by Ger
many's interference in the Transvaal.
Dr. P.eelaerts yon Blokland, envoy of
the Transvaal republic to Germany, the
Netherlands and France, has returned to
The Hague from Paris, whither he went to
Juvenile Hat Department.
THOSF, JAUNTY BLUE YACHT CAPS
-*- for little fellows with silver bands, with
gold bands; awfully swell affairs. Monday,
25 Cents.
You know what you have to pay for 'em
in other stores ? 50c.
Juvenile Department
fnpHOSE SWEET
J- Little Tot Suits;
we're making a clean
sweep of all of 'em.
We have found quite
a number where
we've only a i ew of
a kind, among which
you will find blues,
pretty Scotches, all
very choice goods.
We've made one lot
of the whole thing
and say, Monday,
— 52.50--
Ages 3 to 7-
Juvenile Department
tmilE LITTLE MAR-
-L iner, an awfully swell
Long Pants Reefer Suit,
made from fine blue
yacht cloths; hercules
braid on edges and col-
lar; for lads between the
/ JODfi"' A ages of 3 and 10. Just a
>^IJ,1 J , S~ !■• few of ' em - Monday
,*QV[* *-|S they/11 be
• n^rjH) —$3.50—
II! *2 ■' ' I You know what other
i ' £ W?i 7 stores charge for like
I P j'rfl. suits? $6.00, and we're
ft W ...I* not given to exaegerat-
1/ L« \ ; 0 in E- bnt utter things just
£7-* \1 IT as we rind them.
(INCORPORATED),
A SAN FRANCISCO HOUSE RUN
,; BY SANXRANCISCO BOY J
confer with the French Government in re
gard to the situation in the Transvaal.
He will return to Berlin at the special in
vitation of the Emperor to attend the
fetes on the occasion of the Emperor's
birthday, January '27.
Dr. Schweninger is resolutely opposed
to Prince Bismarck coming to Berlin from
Friedrichsruhe on January IS to take part
in the celebration of the twenty-fifth anni
versary of the proclamation of the German
empire, and if the weather is adverse the
Emperor will co-operate with others in ad-
Vising the I'rince, for the sake of his
health, to submit to the dictum of his old
physician and abseut himself from the
fetes.
A new decoration has been created for
distribution on January 18 to persons who
were prominently associated with the
foundation of the empire. The day will
L>e a national holiday, and Berlin and
other German cities will be decorated with
flags by day and illuminated at night.
Campaign Ayainst t)tr Arabs.
LONDON, Esq., Jan .11. —H. H. John
son, Imperial Commissioner in the Briti«h
Central African protectorate, reports that
he carried on in December a successful
campaign against the Arabs north of Lake
Nyanza. Two hundred and fourteen Arabs
were Killed in battle and Chief Mloze was
captured and executed. Several stockades
were captured. The British force lost about
forty Indian and black soldiers.
+. .
Canada Has Agreed..
OTTAWA, Ovr., Jan. 11.— Sir Mackenzie
Bowel) authorizes the statement that there
seems to be a misapprehension as to Can
ada's position in regard to the treaty of
arbitration of Bering Sea seizure claims.
The Premier states positively that Canada
has agreed to the terms of the treaty and
has promptly forwarded her assent to the
British authorities, the document having
been sent direct to the Colonial Olh'ca from
Ottawa.
77»p Ax It ant re Expedition.
LONDON, Eng., Jan. 11.— Advices from
the British Ashantee expedition say that
Prince Henry of Battenberg, who accom
panied the expedition, is suffering from
a slight attack of fever and has returned
from the front to the headquarters of the
expedition, in charge of a surgeon. Spies
report that Coomassie, the Ashantee capi
tal, is quiet and that there are no soldiers
there.
Reorganized, the Cabinet.
OTTAWA, Ontario, Jan. 11.— Sir Mac
kenzie Bowellhassucceded in reorganizing
his Cabinet. Who his new Ministers are
and what positions they will fill ia not
given out. The Cabinet may be put down
as a temporary one so as to permit of the
work of the session going on when Parlia
ment meets Tuesday next.
AT A SILVER MASS 3lEETiy<i.
Pointed Criticism of the financial Mis
manatjcment.
LINCOLN, Nebr., Jan. 11.— A free-silver
mass-meeting, non-partisan in character
and largely attended, was held to-night.
The principal addresses were made by
Governor Holcomb and ex-Congressman
Bryan. Each devoted some time to the
latest bond issue and criticised what was
termed the financial mismanagement
which required such a loan. At the con
clusion of the speeches a local free-silver
league was organized and officers chosen.
Similar leagues are being organized all
over the State.
After Seven Tenra.
NEW YORK, N. V., Jan. 11.-A Herald
special from Milford, Pa., says that Wil
liam Depue of BushkilJ, who went into a
cataleptic fit seven years ago, and who all
that time has been in a practically uncon
scious condition, baa returned to con
sciousness, and, except that he is nearly
blind, seems physically in good condition.
Men's Suit Department
The manager of our Men's
Suit Department clamors for
some space to tell his friends
about an item too important to
go unnoticed, and right he is,
because it is very important.
After such a big business
done by us during the holidays
we have sold down a great many
of our popular and very choicest
of Men's Tailor-made Suits to a
few of a kind. These garments
represent the very fines!; fabrics,
all stylishly tailored, among
which you will find suits that
have been selling up to $18,
which, to effect a speedy disap-
pearance of 'em, we have tagged
610.00
Among this line of suits you
will find some of those very
fashionable black Clay worsteds
in Cutaways and Sacks. You
will also find those fine steel-
gray Clay worsteds, those, fine
blue and black Cheviots that
you see worn so much by the
stylish dressers about town.
These are all high-class gar-
ments. Few tailors can equal
'em. Monday your pick at
— — &XO.OO
For a little idea of what great
values they are, take a trip to-
day and see our window around
the corner. Eight there under
the glare of the daylight the
values will speak the story bet-
ter than we can tell it.
"RAPHAEL'S '
(INCORPORATED).
.Tie Store THat Does flat It Adrertises.
34
HURRIED BY STRONG
Mrs. Vanderbilt Became
the Wife of Oliver H.
P. Belmont.
JOINED BY THE MAYOR.
Publicity Avoided and Very Few
Were Present at the
Ceremony.
WILL GO ABROAD VERY SOON.
In Egypt the Couple Propose to Join
the Duke and Duchess of
Marlborough.
NEW YORK, X. V., .'an. 11.— The ex
pected Vanderbilt-Bclmoot marriage was
performed at 10 o'clock' this morning. The
ceremony was performed by Mayor Strong
at the residence of Mrs. Yanderbilt, corner
of Seventy-second street and Madison
avenue. Only a few witnesses were pres
ent at the event, among these being Miss
Smith, the only sister <>; Mrs. Vanderbilt;
Colonel and Mrs. William Jay and Mrs.
W. D. Dner.
Alter the ceremony Mayor Strong shook
bands with Mr. and .Mrs Delmont, wished
them ::1! possible happiness, and immedi
ately took a cab ana was driven to his
There the marriage certificate was
with the Mayoralty seal and was
delivered to Mr. Belmont's attorneys.
About noon the bride and groom took
their departure for Newport, where each
has maintained extensive establishments.
An immediate bridal tcur abroad is con
templated. They will go to Egypt, where
"ill join the Duke and Duchess of
Marlborough. After a sojourn there all
will return and later go to Swe
den. In May Mr. and Mr«. !'..'lmont will
return to Newport.
The wedding which occurred to-day was
announced as a probability of the near
future at a drawing-room dinner given to
Mr.=. Vanderbilt and a dozen lady friends
by Mrs. William Jay on the evening of
January 4.
The event was not paraded before the
public in advance, and no notoriety is now
sought by the most interested parties over
tDe celebration of the event.
Mrs. Belmont was lately Mrs. A'va Smith
Vanderbilt, the divorced wife of William
K. N'anderbilt. Her maiden name was
Miss Alva Smith, she being a daughter of
the late Murray Forbes Smith of Alabama.
She was visiting: in New York about 1878,
when she met W. K. Vanderbilt at a recep
tion, and they were married shortly after
ward. Three children— a daughter and
two sons— were born to Mr. and Mrs. Yan
derbilt.
SA CHAM EX TO COUItSIXG.
Fleet Hounds Will Pursue the Wary Hare
SACRAMENTO, Cat,., Jan. 11.— Never
has more complete arrangement been per
fected for any coursing inatcu than for
that which will take place to-morrow
under the auspices of the Sacramento
Coursiag Club. The grounds chosen are
excellent, hares are plentiful, and local
dogs are in the pink of condition. John
Grace of San Francisco will act as judge,
James Wren slipper, and L. W. Mahoney
and J. Stout Geld stewards. The first pair
will leave the slip promptly at 9 o'clock
to-morrow morning, and there will be a
large crowd in attendance.
The draw is as follows: H. 11. Devine's
b. <1. Banjo and .1. w. b. b. Lady
Lon<;.-dale; J. Trevlin's b. d. Captain Jim
rind \V. Ha;iinan"s \v. <i. Governor Jim; i\
W. Sheehan's b. w. s. Eva S and J. Nether-
Wonder; I. Kelly's b. d.
Jack and 1. Haifa b. b. Annie Laurie;
Steiger's b. w. d. Tammany ami V.
Lynch's t>. w. d. Muldoon; F. Grace's b. b.
Nellie Conroy anci W. H. Devine's b. d.
i-traight Tip; I. W. Bheebah's b. w. d.
-nor Markhani and F. L. Kenwick's
w. b. Bnowdrift; P. J. Gorman's br. w. d.
Kingston and Aiameda kennel's b. w. d.
Joaguin; B. Griffiths' br. w. d. Com
bination and Eil Welsh's w. d. Cloverleaf ;
Ashland staMe's br. b. Fly and J. Mc-
Malon's I), b. Lily of the West : J.F.Grace's
I. w. v. Rollalong and Alanieda keunel's
i.r. w. d. Wayfarer; T. .1. Cronin's bro.
»« . 3. Sky ball and J. McMabon's b. d. Gile^
J\<l Welch's y. w. b. Annie Rooney and T.
:boolgirlj W. O'Neil's
br. w. d. Robert J and D. W. Mahoney's
br. d. b. Mary Lou.
TTOV 1(Y MISS II A 7, »ir IX.
Close of the Women's Sir-Thai/ Bicycle
Contest.
NEW YORK, N. V., Jan. 11.-The in
ternational ladies' six-day bicycle contest
for the championship of the world, which
began last Monday night, was concluded
this evening at the Madison Square Gar
den. Twenty young women started on
their lor.g pedaling journey for gold and
dory, and of this number fourteen re
mained to cross the finishing line.
There was great interest and enthusiasm
shown in the wind-up of the contest,
three of the riders, the Misses Nelson,
Baldwin and Kleiner, being on almost
equal terms until the bell rang for the
linal laps. Ten minutes before midnight
all of the contestants except Miss
Baldwin and Miss Nelson left the track
and the final run for the championship
was begun, Miss Nelson winning in a great
spurt by a wheel's length. 'Thescore was:
Nelson, 418 miles 8 laps; Baldwin, 418
miles 7 laps; Steiner, 418 miles 2 laps.
ItEPUBLICAXS OF TEXAS.
They Will Send a IHvided Itclegation to
thf Cotirrtttion.
DALLAS, Tex., Jan. 11.— The Repub
lican convention of the Sixth Congres
sional District, to send delegates to tne
National convention at St. Louis, at
Kaufman, to-day, split and a McKinley
and a Reed delegation will be sent.
The Reed men bolted because the chair
man of the District Committee refused to
permit their delegates from contested
counties to participate in the preliminary
organization. The McKinley delegation
(which is really a Hurrison delegation in
digguise) is headed by J. M. McCormick of
Dallas, a son of United States Circuit
Judge McCormick.
The Reed delegation is headed by H. R.
Green of Kuufman 'County. He is the
Bon of Mrs. Hettie Green of New York
and is also president of the Texas Midland
Railroad Companj\
EXPECTS TO JtEST HALL.
Joe Choynsttl Meparls for A>»© York,
Where He Will light.
CHICAGO, 111., Jan. 11.- Joe Cboyn
ski left here to-day for New York, where
he will remain until his twenty-round
tight with Jim Hall is pulled off. He has
been in close training for several weeks,
and left in the pink of condition for the
fight, which he confidently expects to win
January 20, the date having been changed
from January 13 at Hall's request. He
weighed 182 pounds in his clothes. He
will continue in training at tiie New York
Athletic Club.
San Jose iinait l'nrt.
SAX JOSE, Cat... .Tan. 11. — The San
Jose Road Club will hold a rive-mile handi
cap road race over the East San Jose course
to-morrow morning. The following en
tries have been made: b\ McFarland,
'iv* Navlet, K. Hammond, 11. Galloway,
. I. A. Carrol!. M. J. O'Brien, Ceorge Bell,
James Mulvey, Ted Uelloli and Walter
Harris.
AFTER AJi OTTj TRUST.
Vrnceedingt for inn Kevoeation of It*
Charter.
CHICAGO, Ir.r., Jan. 11.— In the Circuit
Court to-day Attorney-General Moloney
began proceedings to annul the charter of
the National Linseed Oil Company on the
ground that it is a trust, operating in vio-
Jation of the anti-trust laws of the State.
The company, which controls the linseed
oil business* in the United States, com
prises corporations representing an aggre
ga«- capital of $15. 000,000.
The general ofrices of the company are
in this city, Alexander Euston being presi
dent and T. G. JVlcCuiloch secretary and
treasurer. The proceedings are in the na
ture of a petition for leave to tile a writ of
quo warranto against the concern to show
cause why its charter should not be for
feited.
CORRUPTION IS RAMPANT
Chicago's Citizens Determined to
Purge the Government of
the City.
Affairs Run by a Machine and Alder
men Do Business by Selling
Their Votes.
CHICAGO, Iti... Jan.H.— A meeting of
250 of Chicago's most prominent citizens
was held to-day to devise means for purg
ing the city government of corruption. It
was agreed to forn. a municipal league, and
at a meeting which is to be held next
Saturday, it is expected a new and inde
pendent party will be formed.
The general sentiment seemed to be that
the affairs of the city are run by a machine;
that the City Aldermen make a business
of selling their votes in the City Council,
and that the entire municipal government
is rotten all the way through.
It is believed that the committee will
recommend the formation of a separate
and distinct party to take the affairs of the
city in its own hands.
Cl.OrilltliAljE'S FAIR.
Awards to lie Offered ft?/ th« Committee
on J'rizes.
CLOYERDALE, Cat,., Jan. 11.—Prepara
tion? for the coming citrus fair on January
29, 30 and 31 are going on with vigor, the
several committees working with great
zest arranging the details for the manage
ment of this affair. The committee on
rules Rnd prizes, consisting of John Field,
C.E.Humbert and F. W. Brush, has is
sued the following list of displays on
which premiums will be awarded:
Best general display grown or manufactured
by exhibitor.
Bust disulay of citrus fruits grown by ex
hibitor.
Most artisticdisplfiy of all varieties of oranges
grown by exhibitor.
Best display of navel oranges grown by ex
hibitor.
Best twelve navel oranges grown by ex
hibitor.
Best display of Mediterranean Sweets grown
by exhibitor.
Best display of seedlings grown by exhibitor.
Best display of Japanese oranges grown by
exhibitor.
Best display of lemons grown by exhibitor.
Best twelve lemons grown by exhibitor.
Best display of green olives in size and qual
ity grown by exhibitor.
•Most artistic display of olives pickled by ex
hibitor.
Most artistic display of wine manufactured
by exhibitor.
Best dry white wine manufactured by ex
hibitor.
Best dry red wine manufactured by exhib
itor.
Best sweet wine manufactured by exhibitor.
Best display of nuts grovrn by exhibiror.
Best display of dried l'ruits grown by exhib
itor.
Best display of green fruits grown by ex
hibitor.
Best display of canned fruits canned by ex
hibitor.
Decided at Vancouver,
VANCOUVER, B. C, Jan. 11.— The case
of Cranstoun, one of the Hawaiian exiles,
who is suing the Canadian Australian
Steamship Company for $50,000 damages,
was nonsuited to-day, the Judee holding
that the captain of the steamship acted as
an agent of the Hawaiian Government,
whose act was an act of state, and therefore
no suit can lie against the steamship com
pany.
Wat Garfield't ClaMs-.nate.
CHICAGO, 111., Jan. 11.— John A. Ken
dig, a, prominent attorney and classmate
of President Gariicld, was found dead
at his residence to-day. The servant girl
found his body on the kitchen floor with
matches in his hand, with which it is sup
posed he was going to light the gas when
stricken with apoplexy. He was at his
oflice last evening in his usual health. He
was born in Ohio sixty-two years ago and
graduated from Keriyon College, Ohio,
coming to Chicago thirty years ago. He
leaves a widow.
Store Armenian Massacres.
LONDON, Ehg., Jan. 11.— The United
Press representative in Constantinople
telegraphs under yesterday's date that
fresh massacres have occurred at Rum
Kaleh and Djebine, in the district of Or
fah. No details of the outrages are given.
Dr. Hunter Ttteir Choice.
FRANKFORT, Ky., Jan 11.-The Re
publican caucus to-day chose Dr. Hunter
as their candidate for United States Sena
tor. There were two absentees. It is be
lieved Mr. Hunter will receive the entire
Republican vote.
Harrison on Business.
NEW YORK, N. V., Jan. 11.—Ex-Presi
dent Benjamin Harrison arrived this after
noon from Indianapolis and took rooms at
the Fifth-avenue Hotel. He stated to a
reporter that he came to New York on
business.
Armor-Plate for the Oregon.
BETHLEHEM, Pa., Jan. 11.—One hun
dred and thirty tons of armor-plate for the
battle-ship Oregon's turrets were shipped
to-day by the Bethlehem Iron Company to
San Francisco.
Wrecked liuring a Storm.
ROME, Italy, Jan. 11. — A steamer and
three sailing vessels were wrecked on the
island of Ischia during a storm to-day.
Several lives were lost.
Salisbury* Postmaster Fined.
PORTLAND, Ok., Jan. 11. —In the
United States Circuit Court to-day F. M.
Salisbury, postmaster at Salisbury. Uma
tilla County, was fined $300 by Judge Bel
linger for using a Government envelope
for private business. Salisbury was ar
rested yesterday and brought to this city.
He pleaded guilty.
Burglariea at Nevada.
NEVADA, Cal., Jan. 11.— Burglaries are
frequent here of late, and the police seem
unahie to stop them. Last night thieves
entered L. Hyman & Co.'s Btore and stole
about $300 worth of clothing and blankets.
An attempt was made to enter I. Freud's
dwelling, but the thieves were frightened
off by the screams of the servant girl.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 12, 1896.
PICO HEIGHTS THEFT
Four Youths Arrested for
Looting a Postoffice and
Grocery.
STAMPS CARRIED AWAY.
Precocious Youngsters Who Have
Evoked the Wrath of
Uncle Sam.
FACING THE PENITENTIARY.
Partiality to Sweetmeats Gave an
Officer a Clew that Landed Them
in Jail.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Tan. 11.— A quar
tet of precocious youngsters were delivered
into the hands of United States authorities
by the Sheriff this morning. They are
Daniel Crandall, Joseph Szarfarinski, Jo
seph Kasisgorch and Bert Hill.
These Doys live in Pico Heights and
have been a terror to that community for
many a moon. Their ages vary from 13
summers, seen by the youngest, to 15, the
oldest.
The Pico Heights postofftce was entered
and robbed Tuesday night. As the post
office is located in a grocery store, the boys
not only meddled with the effects of Uncle
Sam, but concerned themselves with the
property of the grocer.
At first it was supposed that the burg
lary was committed by professional cracks
men, but Under Sheriff Clement, on inves
tigating and finding broken pieces of
candy and sweetmeats lying about in con
fusion and profusion, jumped at the con
clusion that the burglary was the work of
boys, and very bad boys at that.
Just before the Federal authorities took
charge of him this morning, Joseph
Szarfarinski intimated to Sheriff Russ that
he desired to make a confession. This he
proceeded to do in writing, and impli
cated the balance of the quartet. The
theft of the stamps is a serious offense
against the Government, and will likely
send the boys to the penitentiary.
RECEITED FATAL BVRXS.
A Woman's Costly Attempt to Save Valu
aliles From fire.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Jan. 11.— An
alarm of fire turned in from the p]aza this
afternoon called the department to a
hou?eat22o MarchessauU street, kept by
a woman known as May Williams.
The blaze in itself was insignificant and
was speedily extinguished. It is supposed
that hot sun revs ignited some matches
lying on the window-sill, the lace curtains
caught fire and scorched the walls and
damaged the furniture.
If that were all the loss would scarcely
be worth the telling, but May Williams
herself, in her efforts to save some valu
ables she thought were in danger, was
burned so severely that it seems almost
certain that she cannot survive.
The woman was in the hands of a hair
dresser when a man rushed to the house
and said smoke was coming from one of
the windows. She rushed to the room in
dicated and saw the curtains and the
lounge underneath the window in flames.
Desiring to save a small desk containing
all her papers and jewelry, she attempted
to drag it out of the room. While doing
so a bottle of lucine that was standing on
the top of the desk exploded, drenchin-
her dress with the liquid.
The flirnes seemed to leap to the iicht
material of which her clothing was com
posed, and in an instant they enveloped
her. She rushed into the hall, and the
colored servant had wit enough to snatch
up a rug and wrap it about the agonized
woman.
A doctor was speedily in attendance,
and found that the lower portion of her
face and her entire body was badly burned.
It is extremely improbable that the suf
ferer can last many hours, much less re
cover from the terrible shock in addition
to the terrible burns received.
SONOMA COUNTY'S GOLD
District Attorney Butts Says
Treasurer Woodward Must
Guard It.
Supervisors Have the Power to Erect
New Vaults to Contain the
Public Moneys.
SANTA ROSA, Cal., Jan. 11.— Assistant
District Attorney Butts filed with the
Board of Supervisors to-day a ■written
opinion defining the powers of the board
in regard to taking steps for the future
safety of public money. County Treasurer
Woodward had applied to the board for
relief in the matter, suggesting three plans,
viz.: To hire guards and keep the money
in the county safe; to make arrangements
with some local bank to receive the funds
as special deposits; or improve the
present vault or build a new one that
would afford safe protection for money in
the Treasurer's charge.
The opinion holds that the board has no
authority either to hire euards or make
arrangements with a banking institution.
"The law is just the same now," it de
clares, "as when the Treasurer took his
oath of office. At that time he agreed to
safely care for funds intrusted to his keep
ing, and if guards are hired or arrange
ments made with banks it must be at the
Treasurer s expense and not at the
county's."
Regarding the third plan, the District
Attorney say 3 the board has full power to
erect a new vault or remodel the "old one.
or take any steps the board may see tit to
afford proper protection to the county's
treasure.
FORECLOSURE SUIT BEGUN.
Thirty- Eight Gianella Ranch Settlers
May Loae Their Homea.
BANTA ROSA, Cal., Jan. 11.— A big suit
foY foreclosure of mortgage was filed here
to-day. The plaintiff is Mrs. G. Gianella,
and she sues to recover $55,000 loaned on a
mortgage secured by 2(530 acres of land in
Los Guilicos Valley and formerly known
as the Gianella ranch.
The mortgage was executed in Decem
ber, 1891. Over $5000 interest has accrued
since the execution. The defendants are
thirty-eight in number and reside on the
property given as security for the loan.
RIVERSIDE'S ORANGE CROP.
One-Quarter of the Section's Held Baa
■ ■■ ': Keen {shipped.
RIVERSIDE, Cal., Jan. 11.—One-quar
ter of the orange crop of this vicinity has
been shipped. The shipments to date
have been nearly 700 carloads, and the
fruit is going forward at an average rate of
forty carloads daily, of which amount the
exchange is shipping more than half.
The shipments to date are largely in
excess of those during the same season in
previous years.
3IOTIXT.EItEX>B QUARREL.
«■■...-...
School Trustee Meinlnger Requested to
Resign From Office. . V
MOUNT EDEN, Cal., Jan. 11.-The
charges made by School Trustee Meinin
jrer in The Call of January 3, in which he
stated that the recent indignation mass
meeting and re-election of Mr. Rowlands
as principal of the Mount Eden school were
part of a conspiracy to ruin him politically ;
that Mr. Rowlands fought him and did his
best to defeat him at the last June elec
tion for Trustee, and that Mr. Rowlands
spent much time loitering about saloons,
was the subject of censuring resolutions
adopted at a mass-meeting of citizens held
here on January 5, when Trustee Mein
m^er was requested to resign.
The resolutions recite that the "taxpay
ers of this district and patrons of the
school, in mass meeting assembled, do de
clare tne above charges false and untrue,
and are made by Mr. Meininser to gratify
Ins personal spite against Mr. Rowlands
and to ruin his character if he can, and is
an insult to the people of this community,
more than nine-tenths of whom signed a
petition requesting the Trustees to retain
Mr. Rowlands as teacher, and who we
declare would not have attached their
names to that petition had he been guilty
of loitering about saloons."
Continuing, it is resolved that "we de
clare Mr. Meininger as School Trustee
does not represent the interests of his con.
stituents, and request that he resign his
oliice."
TO LEAVE MARE ISLAND
The Monterey Ordered to San
Francisco to Enlist
Recruits.
Future Destination of the Monitor
Unknown to Men at the
Navy-Yard.
VALLEJO, Cal., Jan. 11.— Orders were
received from the Navy Department to-day
to send the monitor Monterey to San Fran
cisco on Tuesday. She will remain there a
short time for the purpose of shipping
thirty-one men to make up the ship's
complement. The number to be shipped
includes machinists, coppersmiths, ordi
nary seamen, landsmen, coxswains of
boats and lirst-class gunners' mates who
are capable of running the dynamos and
electric-light plant.
The commanding ofiicer of the monitor
has power to run the ship over to Sausa
hto, but he is instructed to keep Rear Ad
miral Beardslee, at San Diego with the
flagship Philadelphia, constantly advised
regarding the movemen's of the monitor,
and the progress made in the matter of
shipping men for her. It is probable that
the Monterey will join the Admiral at San
Diego just as soon as the men are shipped.
The monitor is fitted up with provisions
for a Jong season out, and has put on
board 180 tons extra of picked coal. No
one is aware of her destination after leav
ing San Francisco or San Diego. Her
commander, Captain Theodore Kane, is
on the sick list, and she will go to San
Francisco Bay under command of Lieu
tenant-Commander A. V. \Vadham, who
is a thorough naval officer. On or about
the Ist of the month Captain Kane will
be relieved of his command by Captain
Harrington.
The monitor is in first-class fighting con
dition, with a crew pdtnposed of men who
understand all the working machinery
and various parts of the ship to perfection.
PREDICTED AT BTOCKTOX.
Ab Surprise Occasioned by the Retiring of
Superintendent Wilbur.
STOCKTON, Cal., Jan. 11.-The an
nouncement to-day that John S. Wilbur
had been superseded by W. C. Ead3 as
superintendent ot construction of the Val
ley railroad occasioned no surprise here,
as the friction between Mr. Wilbur and
Henry Vogelsang was expected to culmi
nate in trouble for the superintendent.
Since Mr. Vogelsang was discharged from
the road by Mr. Wilbur^iis friends have
been active in his behalf, and the puperin
tendent's animosity to the engineer was so
marked as to lead many familiar with the
situation to conclude that personal prefer
ences had a great deal to do with the
make-up of the personnel of the forces
working under Mr. Wilbur.
Since the last visit of the Valley railroad
directors to this city a quiet investigation
into the workings of the hoadquarters
here has been going on and it is evident
that Mr. Wilbur's course in discharging
Mr. Vogelsang so summarily was not ap
proved. Mr. Wilbur has been an ener
getic worker and has accomplished a great
deal of work in a snort time. He declines
to discuss the reasons for his discharge
and says he will step out at once.
This was pay day in the various depart
ments of the Valley railroad and over $8000
was distributed among tne men. All time
checks were honored at par value and
some very lively times are to be seen in
the city to-night and in the various camps
along the line of the railroad.
AEEDLES GOL*T> STRIKE.
Remarkable fin* Reported from the
Queen of the Aight Mine.
NEEDLES, Cal., Jan. 11.— The Needles
Eye to-day said: While James Patton
and Al Powell were doing sonfe develop
ment work on the Queen of the Night
mine they opened a very rich vein of free
quartz and free gold. "The gold runs
through the quartz, very few barren spots
to be seen. Nothing of the kind has ever
been found here since the district was
formed. The celebrated Montgomery dis
trict can't surpass this ore. The quartz is
what mining men call "healthy 1^ quartz,
and old-timers "hamfat." The lowest
estimate of the ore is $1000. and some put
it at $20,000 per ton. The owners feel
Jubilant over their find, and well they may.
They are worthy of it and will soon be on
"velvet." It is a good thing for the camp.
It makes the outlook encouraging.
QTIILCESE VALLEY JFLOOJi.
Farmer* TJtreatened With an Inunda
tion of Their Lands.
PORT TOWNSEXD, Wash., Jan. 11.—
Quilcene Valley, twenty -six miles from
here, has been threatened by a flood dur
ing the past four days, and the Sheriff has
been sent for to brine blasting powder and
straighten out the course of the Quilcene
River by blasting stumps along the shore
to prevent a blockade of debris.
Last year a flood at Quilcene destroyed
thousands of dollars wortn of property
and rendered many people homeless, and
the warm wave of" the past few days is
again causing apprehension among resi
dents oi the fertile valley, two fine farms
being already reported overflowed.
Port Totunsend Sealer* to Sail.
PORT TOWNSEND, Wash., Jan. 11.-
The sealing schooners St. Lawrence with
.'34 men; Columbia, 29 men; Deealks, 24
men; James. G. Swan, 19 men, and Elsie,
23 men, will sail from Puget Sound to
morrow for a Bering Sea cruise. The St.
Lawrence and Swan will go to the Japan
coast, and the others will cruise along the
northern coast.
The Advent festival at St. Paul's Cathe
dral, London, very often attracts congre
gations of 8000 or 9000 people and up
wards.
JOY AT SACRAMENTO
Southern Pacific Engineers
Triumph Over Mr.
Fillmore.
HIS RULING REVERSED.
General Manager Kruttschnitt
Observes a Brotherhood
Decision.
YIELDS TO THE EMPLOYES.
A Final Settlement of the Engineer
Stevens Case Has Been
Reached.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Jan. 11.— The
Sunday News will print the following to
morrow: J. A. Fillmore of ths Southern
Pacific has been overruled and the Broth
erhood of Locomotive Engineers has
thereby eaineil a signal victory. It was all
done by General Manager Kruttschnitt.
Last August a misunderstanding arose
between the Brotherhood of Locomotive
Engineers and Fillmore over the latter's
action in placing Engineer Stevens on a
run to which, under the laws of the brother
hood, he was not entitled. It seems that
Stevens had abandoned his run out of Sac
ramento for a position on the new coast
division.
Under the recognized rules he thereby
forfeited his place on the rolls here of engi
neers eligible to promotion. But Stevens
returned and, making application, was
duly reinstated on his old run, in direct
contravention of the old rule.
When complaint was made to Mr. Fill
more it is said that he tola the committee
that the railroad company was hiring men
as it pleased and that therefore it proposed
to keep Stevens in the position to which
ho had last been assigned.
The engineers were never satisfied with
this, and delegates from the brotherhood
were called from different parts of the
country to endeavor to induce the corpor
ation to overrule Filimore's decision. It
is claimed that Fillmore was upheld in his
action by A. N. Towne, but upon the ad
vent of Kruttschnitt there was a renewed
effort to effect a reconsideration of the
former decision.
The new railroad manager seems to be a
favorite with such employes as have had
personal relations with him. Unlike Fill
more, he is willing to listen to reason and
give patient hearing to the men. He heard
the statements of the engineers and then
decided that the old rule should be upheld
to the letter.
This decision was forthwith forwarded
to Sacramento, and Mr. Stevens, whose
ability, by the way, as an engineer was
never brought into question, was ordered
back to his coast run. His place here wbb
then tilled in the regular order of succes
sion, nnd all is again serene in that de
partment of railroading.
Kruttschnitt has suddenly leaped to a
place in the esteem of the railroad work
ers and the whole affair has promoted a
better feeling between employer and em
ploye.
"CALL" ME.V TO CELEBRATE.
Subscribers and Agents Will Indulge in
a Stag l'arty.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Jan. 11.— Homer
Smith, a prominent merchant of the
bustling community of Florin ana the
recognized agent of The Call in that
vicinity, intends giving a stag party
Thursday night to all his subscribers for
The Call and the paper's representatives
from neighboring towns.
The Sacramento agents, canvassers and
correspondents will attend in a body. Mr.
Bmitb Lfl an enthusiast, in so far as for
warding the interest of The Call is con
cerned, and the paper has made many
warm friends in Florin.
CARSON PLOTTERS FOILED.
Failure of an Attempt to Secure a Mint
Case Witness' Incarceration for
Insanity.
CARSON, Nev., Jan. 11.— An apparent
effort to put a strong witness ior the Gov
ernment into a position where be could
not testify in the mint cases failed to-day.
Joseph Laneevm, who testified to having
been bribed by Heney's friends to leave the
country, hud been arrested yesterday on a
charge of insanity and his'trial came up
to-day. He was acquitted after a short ex
amination.
General Clarke, the leading counsel in
the cases for the Government, reached the
city just in time to appear for Langevin in
conjunction with Judge Healy. Judge
Hawley of the United States court and ex-
Governor Adams testified for the defense.
Doctors Herrick and Fox appeared as the
Insanity Commissioners.
STAXIO7iI)'S ENROLLMEST.
Rigid Examination* Have Created. Many
Vacancies in the Hanks.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Cal., Jan.
11.— The registration for this semester up
to-date is 860 students, while the enroll
ment for the year numbers about 1070.
The registrar has no doubc that a half
hundred more will be added to the list be
fore the half ends. This would make the
i attendance greater than ever before in the
history of the institution.
It is made more apparent each day that
the examinations of last semester were too
much for scores of students and these have
fallen by the wayside. It is pretty gen
erally understood that the faculty is de
sirous of raisins: the scholarship "here by
weeding out those who are unable to main
NEW TO-DAT.
Expended effects a savins; of half that
much more to the purchaser of California-
made Boots and Shoes at the
BIG SHOE FACTORY,
581-583 MARKET ST.,
Near Second.
tain a certain standard. In carrying out
this policy many vacant places in the
ranks are necessarily created.
WELLINGTON DYNAMITERS.
George Graham Confesses to Complicity in
the Blowing Up of a Resi
dence.
VICTOKIA, B. C, Jan. 11.—Superin
tendent Hussey of the Provincial Police
returned from Union this afternoon, where
he had been investigating a report received
by him from Detective Ellis respecting the
statement of a miner named George Gra
ham. The miner's story was to the effect
that the explosion which destroyed the
residence of Alexander Sharp at Welling
ton on March 13, 1894, was caused oy four
miners who came down from Union a few
days before that date. It is almost certain
that had Sharp been sitting in the front
part of the house, as was his usual custom,
he would have been instantly killed.
Informant Graham is personally impli
cated to some extent with the four dyna
miters. He stated he was present when
the explosion toolc pjace and was within
100 yards of the premises, and that he
knew the persons concerned, though he
had nothing to do with the discharge of
the bomb.
Ellis communicated with Constable
Hutcheson, who in turn laid the matter
before (Superintendent Hussey. Before
the latter arrived the Union informant be
came alarmed at the possible consequences
of the confession and. was making active
preparations to leave when arrested with
another miner named Allen, apprehended
at the same time on suspicion of com
plicity in the outrage. The evidence of
Detective Ellis was taken last nisht, and
both Graham and Allen were remanded
for eight days pending further inquiry.
Graham is said to have given away the
identity of the persons connected with
the plot.
JJEREXHA'S WILD MAS.
John O'Mara Pursues His Wife With a
Hut cher's Cleaver.
MADERA, Cal., Jan. 11.— Mrs. Mary
O'Mara, who lives near Berenda, to-day j
swore out a complaint charging her bus- I
band, John O'Mara, with insanity. She |
stated that O'Mara nad chased her with a j
butcher's cleaver, and had it not been for
a hired man would have cut her to pieces.
He had broken all the crockery in the !
house during a fit of insanity.
Officers went out to arrest O'Mara, but I
could not find him. The children at the j
bouse said their father had saddled a
horse and, taking a few loaves of bread !
with him, had left the place. He bade i
them good-by and said they would never :
see him again.
GRAVERS AT ItIVJSRStIDE.
Work Upon the Southern Pacific Exten
sion Will Eegin at Once.
RIVERSIDE, Cal., Jan. 11.— Several
carloads of grading outfit and a large num- [
ber of men and teams arrived to day, and
active operations on the Southern Pacific
line between this city and a connection
■with the main line of the comnany at
Pomona, via South Riverside and Chino,
will be begun at once.
The fast Southern Pacific train arrived
to-day via Colton and the old motor line.
On board were H. E. Huntington, vice
president of the road, and several other
offlc :Is, who came to look over the route
of the new road south of the city.
MEW TO-DAY.
m THE OWL
(^1 DRUG CO.,
I -Si \ I l\
S DRUGGISTS!
1128 JVTarls.et Street,
SAN FBAUCIBCO.
320 S. SiDa-±3a.af Street,
LOS ANGKLES.
Free
Delivery.
THE OWL DRUG CO.
Will deliver Drugs, Medi-
cines and Toilet Articles
FREE OF FREIGHT OR
EXPRESS CHARGES to
any railroad point with-
in miles of San Fran-
cisco when purchases
amount to $5 or over
PROVIDED orders are
accompanied with the
money.
SEND FOR PRICE LIST
CLEARANCE SALE
for the NEXT 60 DAYS
Ab I have ordered direct from flftfc
the manufacturers a full and J&&S
complete assortment of the la- faSJtl
test designs In Spring and Stjm- -fL. y
mkr Goods, I therefore offer my srxdL
entire stock. of Woolens now t&Cyf&*s%.
on hand at Prices never before
offered In San Francisco. Isiiiil6Kl
GUARANTEED GENUINE "*§■ 5E2
ENGLISH CASSIMERE
PANTS TO ORDER : §s^l
FORMERLY REDUCED TO p|^s^r^/
$10.00 $6.50 mmW
ALL WOOL SUITS 1 Will
TO ORDER : 1 fiE\J
FORMERLY BEDUCED TO it fflßfl
$25.00 $17.50 I H
All other Ga nitiafTs Reduced %N ««^fltf'Sl
In like proportion. You will do
V Respectfully yours,
JOE POHEIM, The Tailor
mf ™ V! 3 "Si""er7 St., cor. BubH,
DR. PIERCES *ll& 6ALVANIG
CHAIN BELT
and h( ] 8 L so?d 1 Patent : contains all Improvements
ked for iilferior -
>i'»^ ■ ertlaed «lcctno belts,
aresfmn^v, )mpUshed by Dr. Place's belts
been ma^ D . dertull thousands of cures having
failed "u >S iZ r 7ucf^ yalClaD3 a " d me<lillne s *»*
mi, 1 Strongest Possible evidence will be given to
WereE'be 1 ,, 1 0 the efficacy and superiority of Dr°
com^ari,m Si a .S d a lljor °uBh examination and
s 'n if l i* ese f 00 * 8 with ttU others Is r"
DBS. FIERCE & SON,
704 Sacramento Street.
2(1, 3rd and 4U» floors, San Francisco, Cal.
; Moderate Exercise, Sleep. Plain
' Food and Fresh Sunshine Will
Bring Back Your Health, Es-
pecially if You Use the lire**
i hudyan.
fmnFD/rlFlif
_4_^S_^__. Sf .
You can Ret Hud van only by applying
to the HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE.
HUDYAN cures certain forms of nervous
exhaustion, nervous debility, mental
| worry, melancholia, wasting diseases and
Lost Manhood. Hudynn cures certain
! forms of liver and kidney affections.
Circulars and Testimonials of th*
Great Hudyan FREE.
' HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE.
I TAINTED BLOOD- Impure blood, due
: to serious private disorders, carries myriads nt
! lore-producing germs. Then come sore throat,
: pimples, copper-colored spots, ulcers In mouth,
i old sores and falling hair. You can save a trip
'to Hot Springs by writing for "Blood Boo* to
j the old physicians of he
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
Stockton, Market and Ellis Sts.
LIVER- your liver is affected you
I may feel blue, melancholy, irritable and easily
' discontented. You will notice many symptoms
I that you really have and many that you really
do not have. You need a good liver regulator,
and this you should take at once. You can get
It from us. Write for book on liver troubles,
"All About the Liver," sent free.
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
Stockton. Market and Ellis Sts.
______
i KIDNEY Remedies are now sought for by
j many men, because bo many _n"ii live rapid
■ lives— use up their kidneys. If you wish to
; have your kidneys put in good order send for
! our Kidney Regulator, or better, learn some-
i thing about your kidneys and how to make the
; test. The book, "A Knowledge of Kidneys."
I sent free.
I Hudson Medical Institute
Stockton, Market and Ellis Sts..
J3AN FRANCISCO, CAL.
NOTICE FOR BIDS.
Notice Inviting Sealed Proposals
for the Purchase of Lincoln
Water Works Bonds.
The Trustees of the town of Lincoln having
by ordinance of said town entitled an ordi-
nance providing for the issuance and sale of
bonds for the town of Lincoln for the construc-
tion, acquisition and completion of a water-
works system for the said town of Lincoln for
lire and other municipal purposes, passed and
I approved the 17th day of December, 1895,
ordained that there shall be issued by the said
town of Lincoln forty bonds of the denomina-
tion of $500 each, bearing interest at the rat©
of 5 per cent per annum, payable annually,
and also directing the Town Clerk of the town,
I of Lincoln to give notice inviting proposals for
j sale of said bonds.
Now, therefore, notice is hereby given by the
Board of Town Trustees of the town of Lincoln
to sell said bonds aforesaid as they may deem
necessary. The said bonds are to bear date the
first Monday in January, 1896, and are to be
numbered consecutively from one to forty, both
inclusive, the first bond to be made payable on
the nrst Monday in January, 1897. and the re-
maining bonds consecutively are to be made
payable on the first Monday in January in each
succeeding calendar year, until and including
the year 1935; the said bonds are to be made
payable to the bearer at the office of the Treas-
urer of the said town of Lincoln, In the said
town of Lincoln, l'lacer County, State of Cali-
fornia, and to each of said bonds there is to be
attached interest coupons equal in number to
the number of years which the bond in ques-
tion has to run before its maturity.
Sealed proposals for the purchase of said
bonds will be reoeived by the clerk of the said
town on behalf of the Trustees of the said ,
town at his office in said town at any time
from the date of the first publication of this
notice up to the hour of 7 o'clock p. m. of the
31st day of January, 1896, and that thereafter
' said bonds will be sold by the Board of Trus-
tees of said town to the highest and best bid-
der for cash in gold coin of tne United State*.
The Board of Trustees of said town hereby re-
serve the right to accept or reject any and all
bids. No bid will be considered that is for less
than the face value of said bonds. Said bonds
will be delivered in the aggregate amount
made up of forty serial bonds oi the entire issue
of $20,000, numbered from one to forty, both
inclusive.
The purchase price of said bonds must bo
paid on the delivery of the bonds at the office
of the Town Treasurer of the said town of
Lincoln. The purchaser or purchasers of said
bonds, to whom the same are awarded, must
give an undertaking with at least two sufficient
sureties, in the penal sum of 10 per cent of
the purchase price payable to the said town of
Lincoln, and conditioned that said purchaser
shall within ten days after receiving noticu
on the part of the said Board of Town Trus-
tees to deliver said bonds, take up and pay! or
same as delivered; and that a failure to take
up and pay for same within the time herein
specified shall be a breach of said undertak-
ing and shall constitute such breach of itself*
and the sum mentioned in said undertaking
shall be held and considered as liquidated
damages; and said undertaking may be su-d
upon immediately in the name of the town of
Lincoln, and the amount specified therein
recovered as liquidated damages, a deposit
in the United States postoffice of said town of
Lincoln of a notice of readiness to deliver said
bonds signed by the said clerk of the said town
and witn the seal of said town affixed ad
dressed to the purchaser of said bonds at his*
place of business or residence as stated in his
bid for said bonds, p,epaid, .hall be deemed
and taken to be notice to the purchaser from
the date of such deposit, and there shall also
bo embodied in said undertaking the pur
BCu8 C uc ft h e not"e Cnt tO th ° f °™ -« sufficiency^
Dated December 31, 1895.
■ : F- L. SANDERS, Town Clprlr
Weak Men and Women
Strength to the Sexual organs. **«*__» ana.CAPE ARAGO WRECK
The Schooner Ella Laurena
Dashed to Pieces on
the Rocks.
DRAGGED HER ANCHOR.
Negligence of the Captain Said
to Have Caused the
Disaster.
WERE AWAY FROM THE VESSEL.
Master and Crew Had Gone to the
Shore Though the Schooner
Was in Danger.
PORTLAND, Or., Jan. Only to-day
were details received respecting the Port
land schooner Elia Laurena, wrecked at
Ca.pa &.rago on December 19. The schooner
left the Columbia River on December
and sailed within " forty miles of Cape
Araco the first day. She then stood out
to sea and rifted south forty miles below
the cape. The crew was lost for seven or
ei<;ht days, not knowing the position of
the vessel. Filially the seamen sailed
back to Cape Ara^o, and arriving there on
December IS, came in and anchored.
The next morning it was too rough to
land freight attne cap:-. The wind was
ig off shore, bo all they had to do
\v.i~ r.j set sail and stand out to sea In
n ■ ck the captain,
crew, deserted the
tier, bringing ashore a big demijohn.
amed Neil Van I •• wanted
l stay on the vessel, while he went
for a tug, but the captain and crew instead
to Empire City, fhey started back
:k in the after
. having with them, i l . is claimed, two
bottles I out four miles
that afternoon.
The next . when they came in,
the s< tgged anchor, been
re and dashed to
- on the ro
Dvi sence of the crew at Em
pire City the lighthouse tender Manzanita
came out from Empire City ana would
: i c schooner to sea had any
been on board.
ftESTPQRT DISASTER.
The Steamer George W. Elder Driven Ashore
and Disabled During a
Squall.
PORTLAND, On., Jan. 11.— A serious ac
cident has happened to the Oregon Rail
way and Navigation Company's steamer
\V. Elder, which left yesterday for
Ban Francisco, and she is now returning
to Portland in tow of the steamers Okla
homa and Harvest Queen for repairs.
It appears that the pilot. Marsnall Mar
ix, on reaching a point opposite
Jast night, decided to anchor
; roceed on down to the mouth of the
river in the morning. The night was very
dark, with a heavy northerly wind blow-
ing, and the pilot decided to take in under
the lee of the Washington shore. On
reaching what he consi lered a proper an
chorage the order to let go the ground
tackle was given.
Haiuly had the steamer swung up on
her scope of chain before a squall struck
her, Bending the vessel in shore. No dan
ger oi damage was feared, as the beach
was apparently far beyond the limits of
the c. - Idenly the after part of the
i-truck with a shock that shivered
throu- Ider from stern to stern.
Steai. ,d the engines were started
ahead, but the steamer failed to answer
her heim.
On an examination beins made it was
found that the gudgeons of the rudder had
been carried away, and the rudJer dis
j.iaced from its step, leaving it hanging
js. Another report has it that the
entire stern post of the Elder has been
away. Whatever the damage it is
ia a:i'i w.li necessitate considerable
Lrs.
The being run in opposition to
the steamer .South Cr>:m, with a $1 per ton
freight rate. Both vessels are receiving
all the freight they can handle.
IS LEA K I A <i li AItL F.
Sailors Refuse to Hail on the Ship Tia
chusetti. .
PORT TOWNSEXD, Wash., Jan. 11.—
Th-2 .•-hip Waenusetts, with coal from
Nanaimo for San Francisco, which sprung
a leak and came near going down off Cape
Flattery ten days ago ami then put back
to Port Angeles, is having trouble getting
a crew for the voyage south. The mem
bers of the crew claim the ship is leaking
to a depth of eighteen inches every four
hours, and several of them deserted her
rather than risk the trip. Steward Busby,
•who has been with the Wachusetts eight
months, came here co-nay to advise sailors
who ha 1 promised to sign of her condi
tion, and he says she will not reach San
Francisco unless she has an exceptionally
smooth voyage. Her agents are trying to
sign six extra men to work at the pumps
on the trip.
SAN DIEGANS MAY WIN
Company A Guardsmen Likely to
Become an Independent
Organization.
Allowed to Retain Their Equipments
Pending Action by the Board of
Location.
SAN DIEGO, Cal., Jan. 11.— It was sup
posed last night when thirty-eight mem
ben of Company A, old Ninth Kegiment,
N. G. C, marched down to Company B's
armory that the consolidation of the two
companies was practically effected. But
it appears that a hitch has occurred.
This morning two trucks and four men
were sent out to the National-avenue
Armory, in compliance with previous ar
ments, to get the equipments of
Company A aud transfer them to Com
pany B's armory.
Before anything was done, however,
Captain Dodee of Company B received an
order from Assistant Ad jutant Alfonso at
Los Angeles notifying him that he had
just receive 1 , a telegram from Adjutant
cieneral Barrett to have all the property of
Company A remain intact until further or
ders were received from Sacramento.
The property was, therefore, left at
Company A'b armory, for although it had
been already formally turned over to Cap
tain Dod-re, he did not care to take pos
session when another ordej might come at
any time ordering him ufreturn it.
Captain Dodge says he does not exactly
understand the order, but that he believes
it means that the Board of Location will
soon decide whether Company A is to be
retainer as an independent company in
the service of the State.
This, as has previously been stated, is
what Colonel Spileman, commanding the
old Ninth, and his son, Captain Spileman,
of Compcny A, have been working for. An
officer of Company A seen this afternoon
wa- very jubilant over the order, and said
there was no doubt that the company
would be permitted to remain in the ser
vice as an independent company.
A rOItTL AX I* Tit A Gi:»T.
Attempted Suicide of Mis* Thrresc Middle
miss of San i'rnuciKco.
PORTLAND, Or., Jan. 11.— Miss Therese
Middlemissof San l'raucbeo, who is here
visiting the Farquhar family in Bunny
side, took an overdose of coeoaine about
midnight last night with an intent to pry
into the mysteries of celestial realms.
Miss Middlenusw came here two weeks
ago for chance of scene. She was invited
by tiie Farqunars to visit them in order to
divert lier mind from a calamity that had
befallen her. She had been engaged for
almost two years to a young man named
Benjamin Gordon and was to have been
married on Christmas eve. Gordon was in
the general brokerage business and he
handled ihe small fortune of his affianced,
amounting to $2200, for investment. Last
September Gordon disappeared from Pan
Francisco, where he has not been seen
from that day to this. Tne affairs of his
clientage were found to be absolutely
straight with toe exception of those of
Middlemiss. There was not a scratch
of pen or paper on his booxs to show what
Gordon did with her $2200.
Her deception by the man she had loved,
coupled with the loss of her money,
broughthertot.be verge of insanity and
during a moment of irrepressible melan
choly she made an attempt to end her life.
This is the second time she has tried to
commit suicide.
A SANTA CRUZ ROMANCE
Elizabeth R. Stewart Wins Her
Famous Divorce
Suit.
The Woman to Whom Stewart Deeded
the Estate Must Surrender
Her Title.
SANTA CRVZ, Cal., Jan. 11.— The case
of Elizabeth R. Stewart vs. John R.
Stewart and Catherine McKenzie et a!.,
which has beea in the courts of this county
for the past three years and has occupied
weeks at a time, was decided to-lay by
i Judge Breen. The action was in
stituted by the plaintiff to sever
the bonds of matrimony existing between
j her and the defendant, John A. Stewart.
She also sought to control the legal title to
certain property alleged to belong to the
community, but standing on record in the
name of Catherine McKenzie.
In his findings Judge Breen says the
personal history of the Stewarts shows
them to be persons of intelligence, liberal
education and well-established social po
sition, and that the four children are not
inferior in that respect to the parents.
Threeof the children are in California, two
ofwiiOin, the sons, espoused their mother's
cause and the daughter their father's.
In the wife's petition Catherine McKenzie
was named as co-respondent.
The plaintiff claims that the defendant,
John A. Stewart, is the son of John &nd
Mary Stewart; that his father was an offi
cer in the British army, stationed at Malta
when John was born. In infancy he was
taken to Corfu, Greece, thence to Aber
nathy, Scotland, and was sent to Edin
burgh to be educated for a medical mis
sionary. While pursuing his studies he
met the plaintiff, a maiden 16 years of age
of good social position, and married her
ten years later. While on his vacation
preceding his marriage he visited the
Isle of Skye, where he was engazed in
teaching, and there lived with Peter Mc-
Caskil), whose eldest child was Mrs. Cath
erine McKenz'.e (nee McCaskiil), a girl of
tender years. Peter and his daugher Cath
erine went to Edinburgh, and Stewart
went with thsm. He was to supervise her
education. It is claimed that at this time
his relations with the girl were more than
those of a friend. He offered to marry
her. but was refused.
Having graduated as a physician Stew
art married the plaintiff, went to Foo
chow, China, to reside, and amassed quite
a fortune from the practice of medicine.
Here their children were born, and they
Jived happily for eleven years. In 187(5 the
plaintiff returned to Europe to educate
her children. The husband speedily fol
lowed and remained with the lamily one
month. While in Glasgow he again met
Catherine McCaskiil. who in the meantime
had been married and was the mother of
j several children. Stewart and .Mrs. Mc
i Kenzie crossed the Atlantic, she being en
route to Boston and he for China via .the
United States. According to an under-
I striding they met in Santa Cruz and es
| tablished themselves on a fruit ranch
' known as Etha Hill and belonging to Dr.
j Stewart. There they resided together.
Mr.-. Stewart claimed a plan was con
cr ctei between them to defraud her of her
rights and that Stewart executed and de
livered to Mrs. McKenzie a conveyance of
certain land. She, ignorant of the infidel
ity of her husband, came to Santa Cruz in
l^'l to join him, and on meeting Stewart
after an eight years' absence was received
coldly, repulsed, ill treated and was con
si rained to join him in the execution of
articles* of separation.
On the other hand, John Stewart claimed
that he was a brother of Mrs. Catherine
MrKenzie. He claimed he lived with his
mother until 12 years of age, and was then
tak.cn to John and Mary Stewart, who
adopted him in place of a dead son, giving
him the son's name. At 16 year-: of aj;e
he returned to his real father. Here he
first met Catherine McKenzie. He claims
that she was not the cause of his being
alienated from his wife, but that Mrs.
Stewait's frequent drunkenness was the
cause.
In closing, the Judge says that from the
testimony he finds Dr. Stewart is not what
he represents himself to be, but that he is
the son of John and Mary Stewart; that
he is not the brother of Catherine Mc-
Kenzie. The divorce is granted, and in
regard to the property he declares the
transfer of the Etha Hill vineyard to Cath
ine McKenzie fraudulent, and that the
Ktha Hill property be reconveyed to them,
and that all the community property be
apportioned between Elizabeth P. Stewart
and John A. Stewart, the former to receive
two- thirds and the latter one-third.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 12, 1896.
SAN JOSE FATALITY
Electrician Hoffman Meets
With a Terrible
Death.
KILLED WHILE AT WORK
He Is Electrocuted by Contact
With a Power-House
Switch Plug.
LIVED BUT A FEW MINUTES.
His Body Burned by a Deadly Current
of Twenty-Five Hundred
Volts.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Jan. 11.— George Wer
ner Hoffman, the electrician at the Elec
tric Improvement Company's power
house, was almost instantly killed this
evening;, at 7 o'clock, while attending to
the electric-light switches at the power
house. Hoffman was seen to go into the
switchroom, and a few seconds later
George Johnson, the oiler, heard a moan.
He rushed into the room and found Hoff
man lying on the floor. Before he had
time to make an inquiry or assist the elec
trician from the floor, Hoffman said,
"George, I am done for." He then fell
in a stupor and remained unconscious
until death came several minutes later.
An investigation was made and it was
found that in some manner Hoffman had
touched either the switch plug above the
insulation or had slipped, and in falling
his hand came in contact with a coil of
electric light wires which was not insu
lated. The current passed through the
thumb and first and second finger of the
right hand, and on through his body, com
ing out at the heel of his left foot. Where
his fingers came in contact with the elec
tricity there were three burns and his heel
was charred. Twenty-five hundred volts
passed through his body.
Hoffman was a skilled electrician. He
was 126 years of age and a native of San
Jose.
»
PASSED A. BOGUS EUZLAR.
A San Jose Young Man in Trouble With
the Government.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Jan. 11.— Al Diaz, a
young man well known about town, was
arrested last evening for passing a coun
terfeit dollar at Deimonly's bakery. Diaz
bought a loaf of bread and tendered a
bogus dollar in payment to Mrs. Delmonly.
After laying the change on the counter
she discovered the dollar was counterfeit
and handed it back to Diaz, who crabbed
the change on the counter and ran. The
police were notified, and Diaz was subse
quently arrested by Officer Evans.
Chief Kid ward notified the United States
authorities at San Francisco, and word
was received to hold Diaz and an officer
would arrive for the prisoner Monday.
DIVORCED AT SAN JOSE
Marriage Bonds of Charles H
Davis of San Francisco
Severed.
He and His Wife Had Separated bj
Agreement Two Days After
Their Wedding.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Jan. 11.— Charles H.
Davis of San Francisco was yesterday
granted a divorce from Valeria Z. Davis by
Judge Lorigan.
The parties to the suit were married at
Oakland in August, 1891, but lived to
gether only two days, ihe agreement to
separate was mutual. In September, 1892,
the husband learned that his wife was
living with a man named Iloag. Although
the woman's guilt could have been easily
established, fear of public notoriety kept
Davis Irorn bringing the suit until nearly
two years had passed. The action was
begun last September and the wife has
made no attempt to contest the suit. She
is at present in New York City or there
abouts, her exact residence not being
known to Davis, as they have not com
municated with each other since the day
of tlieir separation.
lOUt HIBERXIAys.
Resolutions Indorsing the Monroe Doc
trine Adopted.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Jan. 11.— At a meeting
and banquet of Division No. 3, Ancient
Order of Hibernians, resolutions were
adopted heartily indorsing President Cleve
land's stand on the Monroe doctrine and
pledging their support and strength, both
physically and financially, to the country,
in case hostilities opened over the enforce
ment of the doctrine.
fines for a Jiivorce.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Jan. ll.—Lydia A.
Tyhurst to-day began suit fordivorce from
J. E. Tyhurst or. the ground of desertion.
They wore married in 1886. About three
years ago Tyhurst deserted his wife. One
child is the result of the union. There is
no community property, and all the wife
asks for is an absolute divorce from her
truant spouse.
Arson Charge Dismissed.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Jan. 11.— The examin
ation of William Sharratt on the charge
of arson took place before Justice Gass
this morning and resulted in hisdischarge.
Sliarratt was accused of burning a barn
belonging to J. M. Gray, on South Tenth
street, Christmas morning, but the evi
dence was not sufficient to convict.
NEWS OF CITY INDUSTRIES
Orders From Mexico, Australia,
Central and South America
for Machinery.
Several Factories Working Overtime
to Keep Up With Orders— The
Prospects Fair.
Most of the factories in the City start in
the new year wuh plenty of orders on
hand, while those engaged in the manufac
ture of mining machinery, are fairly
rushed with orders.
The Union Machine Works have a large
amount of miscellaneous work on hand,
and have been compelled to work their
force overtime for several weeks past.
The Union Iron Works are building two
composite gunboats for the United States
navy. They are twin-screw steamers, 174
feet in length, 34-foot beam, 12-foot
draught, engines 800 horsepower, speed
12 knots. Each will carry six 4-pound,
four G-pound and two 1-pound rapid-fire
guns. The California Machine Works re
cently supplied the Government with a
steam launch, and are building another for
the Lighthouse Department. The Wash
burn-Moen Manufacturing Company re
cently furnished the California-street
Railway Company with a cable 12,500 feet
in length, for the Hyde-street line, and
will deliver this week a cable to the Sutter
street line. Their shops at North Beach
are running on full time, with plenty of
orders on hand.
Francis Smith & Co. have just manufac
tured and are shipping a cargo of thirty
inch pipe to the Horsefly mining district
in British Columbia for mining purposes.
The Union Lit ha Company report a large
volume of business in hand for the com
mencement of the new year, and are san
guine of a very prosperous year in their
line of trade.
The Merralls Hydraulic Quartz Mill
AT THE HAYMAKERS' BANQUET.
[Sketched by a "Call" artist.}
Company are furnishing a No. 3 fifty-ton
mill to a company at £heer> Ranch, Cala
veras County, and one of the same capac
ity for Angels Camp, a large No. 9 150-ton
mill to a company in Arizona and are also
shipping a small mill to British Columbia.
Arrangements are being mule for manu
facturing these mills in Australia and at
Denver, Colo.
The Perkins Pump and Engine Com
pany have just finished putting in a com
plete water plant for Santa Rosa and are
contracting for a liKe plant for Healds
burg.
The Midas Gold Saving Machinery Com
pany recently shipped seven Gold King
amalgamators to New Zealand, one to
Clipper Gap, two to Carson Creek, Cala
veras County, and one to NVw port. Or.
The Union Photo Engraving Company is
turning out some half-tone work three by
six feet in size. This is believed to be the
largest ever made in America. T.e South
American republics are beginning to ap
preciate San Francisco art worK in this
line, and the Union Photo Engraving Com
pany have large orders on hand from these
countries.
L I. Degen recently equipped Tillroan &
Bendel's new coffee and spice mills and
factory with new belting throughout, lie
is also manufacturing an l^-inch belt for
driving a dynamo at San P.ernardino.
About a year ago the Ontario Mining
and Milling Company, at Park City, Utah,
installed an electric transmission plant for
the purpose of running their mills. Ihe
generators were operated by Pelton water
wheels, running under a head of about 120
feet and developing 100 horse-power.
At the time of the installation provision
was made for duplicating the power plant,
in case they found it necessary to increase
the output of their mills at some future
time. Such an increase has already been
found necessnry, and the I'elton Wnter-
Wbeel Company has in hand an order for
a complete duplicate plant, which will
afford the company twice the capacity it
ha<l before.
The i'elton Water-wheel Company re
ports a very good run of business for the
past few months, their export trade being
particularly good. Among recent orders
they have a contract for a pumping plant
and piping system for Chalchupa, near
San Salvador, Central America. They also
have a similar contract for Santiago. Chile,
and for a number of electric lighting plants
in the Northwest.
The Dow Steam-pump Works has just
completed at the present time some large
contracts, and among them are a com
bined air and circulating pump for Stock
ton, a gas-compressor for the Pasadena
Gas and Electric Light Company and an
oil pump for Fresno, and ttiey repori
having just completed six pumps for Port
Townsend, to be used on Government
vessels now building at that Dlace. The
vessels in question are two launches for
lighthouse service, and the pumping
piant consists of two boiler-feed pumps
and one combined air and circulating
pump for each boat.
The large sinking-pump just completed
for the North Star Mining Company will
be shipped this week. This firm make a
practice of testing every pump built, and
each test is more severe than the work the
pump will be called on to perform.
The pump built for the North Star mine,
while over twenty-one feet long and
weigning close on to 15,000 pounds, was
tested in an upright position, that being
the position it will be called on to do the
grreater part of the work.
This company has also just shipped to
Mazatlan several of the latest improved
boiler feed pumps. They have also
equipped the Union Oil Company with
one of the duplex pumps, to be used for
pumping salt water and for fire service.
The Lick Observatory, at Mount Hamil
ton, has just ordered a Dow pump of the
outside packed pot-valve plunder pattern,
which will be used for pumping water
through 2000 fept of pipe to an elevation of
300 feet.
The Abner Doble Company of this City
has contracted to furnish the Los Angeles
Electric Railway Company with an 800
--kilowatt generator for tueir lines. The
generator, weighing 14,000 pounds, will be
run at 80 revolutions per minute, driven
by a compound engine of 1200 horsepower.
The Risdon Iron Works recently con
structed for the North Star Mining Com
pany of Grass Vnlley a tiij;h-pressurc line
of water-pipe, 7000 feet in length. These
works have a large number of contracts on
hand for milling machinery, including
contracts for several Bryan "quartz mills
for California, Mexico and South Ameri
can mining companies.
JOLLITY FOR HAY MEN
Second Annual Banquet of the
San Francisco Asso
ciation.
BANDS OF YELLOW SATIN.
Magnificent Decorations of the Scene
of the Revel — New Officers
Elected by the Society.
Popping corka and bursts of la\i£hter
enlivt ned the banquet hal! at Delmonico's
last night The San Francisco Hay Asso-
ciation gave its second annual banquet
and, considering the fact that the gather
ing was exclusively masculine, it was most
enjoyable. The large hall on the upper
floor had been transformed into a son of
epicurean shrine.
Before the guests sat down a brief meet
ing of the association was held and the
following officers elected for the ensuing
year: President, H. C. Hummers; vice
president, John McCord; secretary, Joseph
Magner (re-elected); board of directors-
George P. Morrow, Simon Anspacher and
M. Barge.
At the subsequent banquet the menu
cards were very artistic and original, being
cut in the shape of a letter H, which they
say stands for "hay," with the name of the
association on a * band of yellow satin,
flanked on either side by a tin}' sheaf of
wheat or oats.
Among those present were the following
named gentlemen:
H. C. Ellis, William Miller, Frank Soniers, H.
T. Jones, Harry Stokos, George Morrow, M.
Collins, John McCord, A. W. Scott, A. \V. Scott
Jr., Fred Schmitt, J. Bay, M. Kleen, A. X.
Grant, A. N. (irant Jr., J. Carroll, J. Morrison,
I>. J. King, D. J. Ring Jr., J. 8. Hare, Messrs.
Lander, J. Stumpf anil son, B. 1). Sehulkeu,
Messrs. Bray, 11. Eullerdick, L. G. Flanagan,
L. Ghelmett*. J. Hademark, J. McNab, S. F.
Hay, John Gandolfo, Messrs. Anspacher, J.
Peters, M. Cowie, M. Waterman, C. S. Healey,
Meson. Albers and Husing, Messrs. Smith
and Purcell, S. Aigoltinger, Messrs. Chappel
and Koons, A. Meyer, Messrs. Stelling,
Messrs. Joost, Moore, and Ferguson,
A. Botts, M. and O. Maguirp,
Messrs. Gross and Mullaney, Messrs. Duff,
F. P. Lauterwasser. tfesurs. Burke and Gieke,
M. Blum, K. I). Fell, the Egan Bros.. Messrs.
Trubenfoach, J. 13. McCloskey, H. Pauseman,
Mes>rs. Johnson and Brown. D. Keefe, Messrs.
Hulnie and Hart, Messrs. Sniith, A. A. Tatt, A.
Matroni, S. Sellers, H. P. Winepar, J. Lathrop.
M. Ordway, F. Bunker, Edward Brannan, F.
Dalton, J. Rider.
FROM EASTERN PRISONS.
Unfair Competition of Articles
Imported Into This
State.
Labor Commissioner Fitzgerald Au
thorized to Make a Tour of
Investigation.
Governor Budd has taken action on the
communication of the Manufacturers' and
Producers' Association relative to the sub
ject of contract prison labor, and has de
cided to authorize Labor Commissioner E.
L. Fitzgerald to make a tour of investiga
tion through the East.
Mr. Fitzgerald, accompanied by one of
his own assistants, expects to start about
February 1, and they propose to visit
every prison of any consequence. The
action of the Governor was taken on a per
sonal report from Mr. Fitzgerald, to whom
he had referred the question.
Mr. Fitzgerald submitted a type-written
report to the Governor at Sacramento on
Friday. He was hoir.e again and in his
otlice yesterday and made the following
explanation:
The question of the manufacture of commer
cial articles by convict labor in other States
and their importation Into this State, where
they are sold in competition with our own
products, has occasioned a great deal of indig
nation among our merchants and manufac
turers. The matter has been ably discussed
by the local bodies representing these inter
ests, and every effort has been made to arrive
at facts and figures as to the extent to which
this business of importing prison-made good?
has been carried on in this State.
In various lines a general depression has re
sulted in consequence of this unfair compe
tition, help having been curtailed, wages re
duced, and an all-around retrenchment car
ried out. Some time ago I received a letter
from K. A. Hughson, a gentleman who has
given the convict labor question a great deal
of study. It gave me much information, and
his logical conclusions threw a new light on a
somewhat obscured subject. Here is one ex
tract from it to show Mr. Hughson's reasoning:
To my mind convicts should not remain idle for
two good reason-— first, for the sake of human -
ness, for It Is Inhuman to place prisoners In close
confinement, the tendency of that kind of incar
ceration bring to make them worse instead of
better; and second, for the sake of economy, be
cause convicts in our state prisons should at least
pay the cost of their own maintenance by their
labor and thus tighten the burden of taxpayers.
As to the second, I am inclined to believe that
convicts can be made to maintain themselves
withou: Injury to the honest labor of the State.
The question is, How can it be done?
Take, if yon please, vehicles. One has only to
loot over the Sta:e and he will see farm wagons
which have been manufactured at the Michigan
Sta:e prison ut Jackson, ranatout v.-agons and
carts made at other Eastern prisons, wheels from
the Columbus (Ohio) penitentiary and wood
screws and carriage-bolts produced attheOncn
data County penitentiary at Syracuse, ?f. V., and
only a few months aso < iillfornia was flooded with
wagon and carriage axles manufactured at the
New.- York state prison at Auburn.
When we consider that California Imports 90 per
cent of all the vehicles purchased, from ft farm
wason to a business van or line carriage, why
could not a certain number of convicts be set to
work in this Plate In such a ay as to make good
the cost of their maintenance wi.hout competing
with honest labor?
Mr. Hnghsou in his letter rather argued that
the convicts could be worked even at * profit to
the State, bnt with that I do not agree, because
they could not <to so without hurting legiti
mate labor. However, the letter served a pur
pose of some enlightenment, and I at once
sent to every official labor bureau in the coun
try for data. In this 1 was not successful, be
cause the replies I received informed me that
the various State Labor Commissioners were
not in positions to obtain for me the facts I de
sired.
That the Eastern labor organizations are
taking a very active interest in she subject was
demonstrated to me- in a letter from Chairman
Alex. B. McCulloch of the Richmond (Va.) Cen
tra! Trade end Labor Council.
1 have managed to get considerable informa
tion from unofficial sources, though, and I
learn that the fol lowing articles are largely pro
duced by convicts:
Iron and steel wagon axles, wagon wheels, car
nage l.olts and nuts, clips, stoves, lioots, shoes and
clothing, knitted kooMs, overalls, blankets, woven
woolen goods, foundry work, light carriage hard
ware, castings, hames and harness.
My correspondents tell me that the method
has been for the contractor to purchn.se the
convict labor at so much per hour, which has
not proved satisfactory to either side.
The capacity of tlie convict laborer as com
pared with the labor of a tree man is estimated
at two-thirds; therefore the convict who works
at 50 cents per day competes with outside labor
at. say, 75 cents per day.
Thus, even lit the very lowest minimum of
wage received by free labor in comparison, the
showing is conclusive in demonstrating that
the manufacturer employing honest labor is
at a great disadvantage, and may ultimately
bedriv&a from business by disastrous compe
tition.
In his report to tbe Governor Mr. Fitz
gerald included much of his correspond
ence and finally recommended a per
sonal investigation. His reason for Laving
one of his own assistants to accompany
him is that his companion, having already
been schooled in the practical work of
-•State labor reforms, besides having the
general interests of California at heart,
would be a much more effective aid than
an outsider.
Astor'H New Vehicle.
One of the sights of the metropolis just
now is John Jacob Astor steering his
horseless carriage up and down Fifth ave
nue. It is a sight for men and anirels. It
is the first fashionable move in the direc
tion of abolishing the poor horse alto
gether. Mr. Astor's vehicle is a small Vic
tori?, without a box.
This he manipulated by a wheel for
steering and sundry valves for letting on
and suppressing the foam or naphtha.
The tall figure is bent over the apparatus
with a great degree of earnestness, while
ever and anon the keen eye shoots ahead
to look out for possible collisions and in
terference. — Commercial Advertiser.
Enforcing Ancient Sunday Laws,
The contemptible and ridiculous Lord's
Day Observance act of Charles II is still
being vigorously enforced against small
shopkeepers at Walsall, and tne same mis
erable system of persecution is now being
taken up in other towns. At Rhyl the
police have begun by getting a Jewish
tobacconist lined for trading on the Chris
tian Sabbath, while at Hoy lake, near Bir
kenhead, a start has been made with the
prosecution of a barber for the awful crime
of shaving customers on Sunday. The
vigilant constabulary will next be running
people in for taking a stroll on the Lord's
day — t'vainly am! profanely walking' 1 as
an old enactment terms it.— London Truth.
It is just as true that little sins are real
sins as that little snakes are real snakes. —
Ram's Horn.
NEW TO-DAY.
he man or woman *-$fe^M& : sJ?'* "The sound thrifty
who buys an article to '!^j^:'^^ j s^=. buyer makes his nut*
a? w^ Jff rf S&^-^*^ * lIIUIIVJ 1113 Mill
restore health should do >*Ji; *v%^^ chase on the established
so on the same plan that §*Jfe SS"^ basis that a good article
he or she would buy a^ffe^J^ is cheap at a reasonable
watch for service, not for price, while a poor one is
a toy. w/J))f(\(S^ dear at any price."
'WiSY* A. T. STEWART.
POINTS OF SUPERIORITY.
ELECTRIC POWER.
DR. SANDEN'S ELECTRIC BELT
generates double the power of any other
Electric Belt made. The arrangement of
the metals is upon the most approved
scientific basis; the Voltaic piles, being
quadruple, so as to brine out a steady,
powerful current; perfectly insulated, so j
that, different from all other belts, the full
force of the current is conducted into the !
weakened system in a continuous, life- j
giving stream. It gives tone and energy |
to the nervous system and all its depend-
ent organ?. As "Electricity is life" Dr.
Sanden's Electric Beit is the modern life-
giver.
DURABILITY.
DR. SANDEN'S ELECTRIC BELT is
positively guaranteed for one year. Every
Belt broken or by any circumstance,
whether the fault of the belt or the wearer,
having lost its curative powers of elec- '
tricity within one year, is replaced with a j
new one at no expense to the wearer. If i
Dr. Sanden's Belt was twice its present
cost it would still be cheap, as no other ap-
pliance made can be sold with this
guarantee.
CONVENIENCE.
DR. SANDEN'S ELECTRIC BELT is
applied on retiring at night and worn until
time of arising in morning. No care or
trouble is incurred in its use; no time is
wasted in using it, as its soothing,
strengthening current absorbs into the
■weakened orcans while you sleep. Benefi-
cial results are noticed In one night's nse,
and the sleep is made sound and refreshing.
It quiets the nerves and builds up the weak
parts in a natural, humane manner.
SANDEN ELECTRIC CO.,
#32 MARKET ST., OPPOSITE PALACE HOTEL, SAN FRANCISCO.
Office Eours-8 to 8; evenings, 7 to 8:30 ; Sundays, 10 to I-
foxtlaad, Oregon, Office, 255 WMblnstoa Str«»W
CAME NEAR BEING MOBBED
The Narrow Escape of Miss
Claussen, a Missionary
at Yu-Jang.
The People There Had Never Seen a
European Before, and Were
Much Wrought Up.
Miss Sophia Claussen of Norway, a mis
sionary of the Lutheran church, for four
years laboring among the Chinese at Nan
kowand other places in the- Chinese em
pire, is at the Occidental.
'I he lady arrived on the steamer Peru
yesterday. She says these are rather
troublous times for missionaries in China,
and that in whatever towns they are none
of them feel very safe.
It is worse, she tells, where the literati
abound. They are full of prejudice againat
tiie missionaries, and in their feelings
border on contempt.
>Jiss Claussen recently made a long trip
up the Yangtse-Kiang River from Han
kow to the city of Yu-Jang, which had pre
viously only once been visited by Eu
ropeans. It took six weeks of steady trav
eling to get there. She went with other
missionaries, taking one of the Chinese
Bailing boats used on tne great river.
Yu-Jang has many students in it. It is a
literary city, and the literati, as well as the
people, swarmed about them in wide-eyed
wonder.
"Few of them had ever seen a Euro
pean." said .Miss Claussen, "and their in
terest was raised to the highest pitch. I
whs carried in a chair by the Chinese who
had come with us.
"The streets were very narrow, and for a
time they were blocked so we could not
get through. The Chinese all gather-d,
examined us critically and talked about
us, wondering if we thought we could
teach them anything.
"Finally I went in, and to i;et past the
crowd pushed into a side place, when im
mediately their faces assumed looks of
great seventy and there were many wild
ejaculations, coupled with threats.
"It looked as though they would attack
us. The crowd had all the appearance of
a mob. Danger seemed to threaten us
from every side. Finally one cf them
said, raising his hands as if appealinglv,
'She didn't know ; she didn't know it was
a holy place.'
"Then I realized what the trouble was.
The place 1 had unwittingly stepped into
was holy to them, and for a foreigner to
enter it was according to their ideas to tie
rile it. They thought we didn't under
stand what they said, but we di.J. We
made haste to get out. The faces of the
Chinese chair-carriers with us were very
pale. They realized the great danger we
were in.
"I shall remain in this country about a
year, and will stay with friends in San
Francisco a good portion of the time. I
need a change of climate. It is very ur
healthy where I have been in China.' r
Off for the Ice K.injj** Domain.
Friday's excursion party from this City
to the Tuckee ice carnival consisted of a
carload of people. Last niuht it required
three Pullman sleepers to carry the seekers
after winter pleasures and sports. The
Camera Club is expected to make an in
vasion in force of King Frost's realm on
next Saturday.
Keady for IVar.
Venezuela's standing army consists of
3000 men, mostly colonels. — Uoston Herald.
The misnamed Philadelphia Natural
Gas Company has just spent $2,000,000 on
the longest and biggest gas line in th<3
world to bring gas to Pittsburg from West
Virginia.
You Can Regulate Its Power.
DR. BANDER'S ELECTRIC BELT is con-
structed with a patent regulator. 'So other
Electric Belt has it. When you have placed
the Belt on the body and feel the powerful cur-
rent penetrating y«ur system you adjust its
strength by turning to right or left a small
screw attachment, setting t!ie current at any
desired force, and you can then enjoy a restful,
quiet sleep without being awakened in the
middle of the night by a sensation which,
mokes you imagine you are being electrocuted.
Those who have used the old-style belts know
what this is, and hundreds who have dis-
carded them and are now being peacefully re-
stored to health and sirength by Dr. Sanden'i
Electric Belt are testifying to the value of the
new method. If you dor.' t want to be burned
to death in your sleep use Dr. Sanden's.
$5000 REWARD.
DR. BANDERS ELECTRIC BELT gives into
the body a genuine current of electricity for
several hours at a time. .f5OOO reward will be
paid for one of these Belts, which will not
generate a current which is perceptible to the
wearer immediately alter charging and apply.
Ing to the body.
IT CURES.
DR. SANDEN'S ELECTRIC BELT is credited
with some three thousand can* on the Pacifio
Coast alone during the past ien years. Cures
in fact. Cures ot men who are manly enough
to proclaim to tho world their recovery oi man-
hood and the means oi getting it. Dr. San-
den's Electric Belt is no experiment, and the
names and addresses of hundreds of Kratefnl
citizens of this State can be found in the little
book, "Three Classes of Men," which n yes full
information, a scientific diagnosis of nil cases
which can be cured by electricity, and price*
It is free. Get it to-day.
56
GREAT BUCKLEY VICTORY.
Everybody Was Unanimously
Elected at the Family Pri
mary Last Night.
THE NEW GENERAL COMMITTEE.
The Boys Gayly Piled Up an Unneces
sarily, Suspiciously and Harm
lessly Large Vote.
The Buckley primary for the election of
a new Democratic general committee,
which was neld under the club plan in
the eighteen districts of the City last night,
gave the Buckleyites a chance to be glad
acain. for something like 6000 votes were
dropped into the eighteen ballot-boxes be
tween the hours of 7:30 and 10:30 r. m.
This is about half the number of names
enrolled a month ago, and is a somewhat
surprisingly heavy vote to be polled under
the circumstaticps, because in each district
there was but one ticket, and after the first
vote the balloting was a somewhat per
functory process cf ratification.
The election pa«sed off quietly and
patisfactorily without any of the relish
and excitement of the "Buckley pri
mari' good old times back in the
'80' a. The Junta people looked on
with a merely curious interest, and as the
Buckleyites had the tield all to themselves,
and as it was a family affair, there was no
good reason why the thing should not pass
nicely.
Tlie committee of twenty-five in charge
of the primary, assisted at times by the
counsei of Buckley and others, success
ful iy carried < at their idea of having har
mony univ< ■
'Win:! the primary loomed up ahead
factions in several districts began conten
der uistriv-t power, but the powers
succeeded, by pleading, suggesting, re
tnping heads together, in
getting ail tii«' rival factions to agree on
compromu mdond visions of the
representations in the general committee.
This was comparatively easy in all the
at tht- Thirty-second and Thirty
fifth. In the former the bitter, prolonged
tr.ni seemingly boneless war between the
Dundon and Goecken factions was settled
by Buckley by his drawing a name from
•■Jim" O'Brien's hat, aad the settlement
hung together until the ballot-box was
. Lst night.
instead oi the anticipated bloody war
at Fourth and Brannan streets last night,
there was simply a lively voting, spiced
with steam beer and two or three lively
- that didn't amount to anything at
all.
The equally bitter war between ''Larry"
Dolan and O'Byrne and their
followers in the Thirty-fifth was settled at
the last b . ::ient giving Do
lan twenty and O'Byrne live out of the
twenty-five, and there, too, peace waa
maintained until 10:30 p. m. The only
~t*was in th»? Thirty-third, where two
extra names were vii the ticket.
The usual rules governed the election
la^t night. Yesterday eighteen ballot
boxes were borrowed of the Jtegistrar and
distributed and the machinery of the elec
tion was worked with great regard for
regularity, for the Buckleyites are very
careful now about constitutions, rules and
regularity.
In most of the districts, especially south
of Market, street, the polling-places wer<*
back rooms of corner saloons, wuh a win
dow opening on the sidewalk. Tne boys
gathered early, the crowds were quite
targe and in nearly every district the vot
ing waa Liv« iy and steady.
The heavy vot< to the organized
effort in every district to poll a large vote
as a demonstration of factional strength,
to go along with that of the big enroli
ment of 11,nX> names. The regulars claim
to be "the" party, ainl it was important to
prove it. They think they have done it.
The iiuckley organisation is very coru
plete and well managed in a practical way,
;t:;ii a B] ecial effort waa m ide I • get out a
big vote. It is probable that a large ma
■of the votes were legitimate. How
t■•.-. .-. it was simply a question of the size
of the vote re no contests and no
challengers, and the number of ballots
renting the factional pride and en
thusiasm oi the boys can oniv De guessed
at.
[inning at 10 o'clock, reports from
the districts began to come into the head
quarters >>f the primary committee at 20
Ellis street, where, in the 'ibsence of a
vith anything, the spirit of things
ply a satisfactory business one.
new general committee elected last
includes over 150 of the old general
committee. A majority of the old 4.">0
elected in 1892 is .-til 1 with the Buckley
■], i.nii wherever it was fairly satis
. the pian was to return old
inenit" rs. Man; were tired of the job and
wanteci friend-; in their places, and many
party workers who had" had no show at
;e since the revolution of
1892, thought it time they were given a
chance. ' ■
The chief characteristic of the new
committee is that it is composed of good
party workers. Tne Junta, in making up
■,:erul committee, went a good deal
on the respectable sound of the names in
it. The Buckieyites don't scorn great and
good men, but look first to getting in the
right places the men who can "do politics"
and who can get and manage votes in their
districts.
Jamea G. Maguire is returned to the new
committee without his being consulted.
John H. Wi?e, Dr. Stanton, A. T. t^potts,
James H. O'Brien, Joseph Rothschild 1 p.
D. P. Ragan, tarn Newman, Fleet F.
Btrother, E. T. Mills. T. Carl Fuelling
tieorge R. B. Hayes, Reel B. Teiry, Mau
rice bchmitt, Thomas J. Glynn, liehrend
Joost, li. M. (iavigan. Thomas Ashworth
and I. J. Corbett are among the new i I
that are to rule that end of the local party.
The old and the new general committees
will be called together, probably at Metro
politan Temple, some night this week.
Fhe old committee will wind up its busi
ness ana the new committee will organize.
Talk about who will be- chairman is vet
"low down.' 1 James H. O'Brien, who \vas
beaten by Watkins some time ago, is much
talked of and appears to be the most
likely to be the successful candidate.
Joseph Rothschild, the present acting
chairman, is another probability, and
Thomas J. Glynn is mentioned.
The following figures show for the dis
tricts named respectively the vote as re
ported last night and the district enroll
ment. In some of these and in some dis
tricts unreported last night the vote is re
markably close to the whole number of
names enrolled, but then nobody would
have been hurt if the boys voted every
name twenty-three times:
'J wenty-ninth, 336-849; Thirty-first, 211-
Ml . Enirty-aecond, 489-926; Thirty-fourth
b3O-o:C; Thirty-sixth, 785-1171; Thirty-
Berenth, 413-495: Thirty-eighth, 18U-3?,5;
Fortieth i 4^;-t>'.<l; Forty-second, 190-293 ■
Forty-third, 203-348; Fourta-fourth, 3bG-^
The following are the district club officers
and the delegates, who, together, make up
the new Democratic general committee.
Twenty-eighth District— Chairman, George
McElroy ; vice-chairman, John Rafferty; re
: >tai*y, William Honan; correspond
ing secretary, Thomas Howard; treasurer, J.T.
Ki'fCftn; canvassing committee — Lawrence
: .1. Brown, L. J. Conlon, Charles
Rappold, P. J. Kyau.
llenerai committee— Daniel McKernan, M. J.
Moran, Martin Ikc-ney, James Murphy, K. J,
i;vn:i, Andrew Wood*, A. IJ.l J . Mordaunt, P. j.
. i, 'Jim Kytiu, J.ouis Leffman, I. H. Goia
meyer, Johu Nagle, John J. McKcnna, Edward
Lynch, .liuiie> Daly.
Twenty-ninth — Chairman, Thomas Gibney;
vice-chairman, T. J. Lynch; recording tecre-
Ijtry, I. 11. Slianiy; correfponding secretary.
Maurice Kerwin; treasurer, Timothy Keagan ;
c;iiiVH!-biiig commitiee — James finntrty,
Thomas Eagan, James Mcagher, R. J. O Reilly,
NY. Q. Harrington.
General committee— J. D. Courtney. Robert
HcCord, Hugh Dougherty, William Collins,
Thomas Iloran, P. A. Dolan. John J. Phelan,
James Ferry, J. D. Tobin, T. Brosnan, H. Stein,
Robert JJrodie, John Ilughes, Thomas Dempsey,
P. H. (ahill.
Thirtioth—Chairman, Alexander Greggalns;
vice-chairman, J. F. Sweeney; recording secre
tary, E. Isaacs; corresponding secretary, P. J.
Creegan; treasurer, J. B. McCloskey; canvass
ing wniiniittee— E. V. Harrington, J. F. Durkln,
i G4nnun, James Creightou, William Tan
lliau - i. t r*
General committee— John Moroney, \\ . J. G.
Mnhl, B. Conway, William Fahey, Albert
Meyers, Jame> Egah, James Stevens, Abe Solo
mon, Her.rv Bailey, JacoD Harris, James P.
Bowen, H.*H. Plant, John T. Doyle, F. C.
Kenny, James McQueeney.
Thirty-first— Chairman, James H. O'Brien;
vice-chairman, T.R.Clancy; recording secre
tary, Richard L. Barry; corresponding secre
tary, John F. Gearon: treasurer, Timothy E.
Tracy; canvassing committee, James J. Crowe,
C. J. Harrlgan, Thomas O'Donneli, James
Murphy, Tnomas O'Neill.
General committee— William Sullivan, C. J.
Keating. Tennis Buckley. Tim O'Connor, P. T.
Keller. M. J. McCarthy. John Eagan, Edward
DurJtin, Thomas J. Martin, John P. Sullivan,
}'. .1. Tannian, James Kennedy, Cass LeClaire,
W. 8. Nolan, Thomas Mahan.
Thirty-second— Chairman, H. Zimmerman;
vice-chairman, T. Cronin ; recording secretary,
John Sullivan; corresponding secretary, John
Townley; treasurer, H. B.Goecken; canvassing
committee— James T. Mooney, William H. Lur
k-in. John McGee, Peter Donnelly, Andrew
McKay.
General committee— James Boyd, Terrenre
Growney, Thomas McConnell, William H.
Casey, Mark Browne, Thomas Floyd, Richard
Barry, Jamei J. Uooney, A. Orr, John Buckley,
R. J. McElroy, P. F. Dundon, John Twigg, John
Gallagher, Con Daley.
Thirty-third— Chairman, John O'Brien ; vice
chairmun, Jeremiah Toomey; recording secre
tary. James J. Donovan; corresponding secre
tary, John M. Larroche; treasurer, John Do
herty. Canvassing committee— James King
ston, James Flynn, Denis Lyons, E. J. Crane,
E. J. McNamara.
General committee— Daniel Riordan, Thomas
Kelly. Ernest Zimmerman, James F. McDonald,
John Keidy, Laurence O'Connell, A. J. Ahem,
James J. Green, James Beini, John Murphy,
Peter Jones, Thomas Godsil, Eugene Sullivan,
John White, Edwara Mahoney.
Thirty-fourtn — ChHirman, Robert Boyd;
vice-chairman, P. F. Ward; recrtiine secre
tary, Joseph I. Twohig, corrpsponding secre
tary. George McGinn; treasim-r, Thomas J.
Clan< y; canvassing committee— John M. Balli
van, James J. Flitin,*Johu Kreling, John Roo
noy, John D. Sullivan.
i it aeral committee — T. J. Gallnpher, M. Anlt,
Thomas F. Lowney, W. O'Shaughnessy, M. C.
Ih'^'an, I'nnicl Reilly, John J. Sheehftii, Jnines
McMahon, (ieorge Young, John H. O'Brien,
Herman Joost, w. D. McCarthy, M. D., James
P. O'Sullivan, William A. Burns, Frederick
Raabe.
Thirty-fifth— Chairman, Lawrence J. Dolan;
rice-chainnaHjJohn Tumelty; recording sec
retary, Hem; llnuke; corresponding secretary,
William Kennedy; treasurer, Michael Kier
nan; canvassing committee— William Carroll,
William Bell, Charles Downets : Patrick J. Silk,
William Conroy.
doiiL-ral committee — Joseph Elliott, John
Bharkey, Johu Windrow, William Colo, P. .1.
Johnson, P. Gleeeon, Frank Eeran, Dennis
(lark, P. J. Carr, John Donohue, John Dennis,
H. 1". (.iittiiiEr?, Dennis Kelly, Con J. Ryan,
Joseph McAuliife.
Thiriy-.-ixth — Chairman, Arthur O'Brien;
vice-chairman, M. G. recording secre
ttiry. Harry i'». Morey; corresponding secretary,
Henry McGrathj treasurer, Thomas ("lnrk;
canvassing committee— John Burns. William
Brownlle, Stephen J. Crowley, William H.
Ring, Joseph Kelly.
General committee— Wi'.liam 11. McDonnell,
N. W. Connors, John McCarthy, Thomas Con
way, F. A. Carroll, J. T. McCormick, James
Grady, Daniel Ward, Behrend Joost, Frank
Tulte, David Barry, M. O'Hare, Kugene O'Don
nell, Thomas McLanghlin, John White.
Thirty-seventh — Chairman, F. J. Fnllon:
vice-chairman, Harry M. Kelly: recording
•iry, Frame H. Foley; corresponding
i-ecretr.ry, William Brennan": treasnrer. P. J.
Corbett ; < anvassiiig; committee— John T. Cos
grove, William Hollid&y, G< trge Lacombe,
Thomas Bernard, Harry Mulcrevy.
■ral committee— Peter Kelly, E. B.
Young, J. H. Kelly, James B. ivory. Dr. D. F.
Ragan, C. C. Rivers, William H. Miller, J. J.
Md arthy, J. C. Nealon, .t. r. O'Shea, William
Clack, P. T. Flynn. Nicholas Delaney, Mark M
Meherin, Charles Quigley.
Thirty^eighth— Chairman, James J. O'Brien;
vice-chairman, Peter Garrity; recording secre
tary, J. H. Bullivan; c)rresr>onding secretary,
P. G. Peterson; treasurer, Thomas Ashworth;
canvassing committee — Joseph McKenna,
; A. Coyle, John H. McGinney, John F.
Cooney, John A. Donnelly.
General committee— M. J. Donovan, T. J.
Dorgan, Frank Inr.iii, 11. T. Henning. Phil. S.
Fuy, John L. Fichtahler, Allen McDonald, A.
.1. Foley, Charles W. Welch, J. D. Powers, An
drew Manii-ng, John J. Dowling, Julius Theail,
- I ram, John Grace Jr.
Thirty- .untli—Chairman, Samuel Haskins;
vice-ch r-irman, Frank Mslloye; recording
secretary, Daniel M. Gavigan; corresponding
tary, Charles J. Comyiis; treasure!
McCarthy; canvassing committee— William F.
Armstrong, D. J. Oliver, Eli Laudry, F. A.
Browning, F. W. Horan.
General committee^ — Joseph R. Ken
nedy. Edward Healy. P. Crtllaghan. Thomas
.1. Ford, C. W. Buck, William 11. Lowe,
James Mnrtha, Godfrey Fisher, Lee
Barnett, James G. Maguire, JoseDh Baxter, P.
M. Clarkson, W. J. Carlin, John D. Enuis, John
F. Quale.
Fortieth— Chairman, J. B. Mclntyre; vice
chairman, Jo-eph Rothschild; recording secre
tary, K. C. O'Connor; corresponding secretary",
T. B. McGinnis; treasurer. Bernard Donnelly;
canvassing committee— John T. Bennett, James
Meloney, Thomas H. Brady, John Kerwin, M.
J. Kelly.
General committee— Charles H. Rehm, Mau
rice Schmidt, Andrew Gonzalez, Jam<-3 Rear
don, Joseph F. Farrell, John Heanov. Frank
Coffey, Fred Butz, James Fitzgerald, 'Edmond
Kenny, James J. Harrison, George Harvey
Thomas J. Glyun, J. B. McCann, J. Brown-
r-first— Chairman, Frank H. Kilduff;
•fiiunan. Thomas A. McGowan; record
ing secretary, William T. Haverly; corrpspoud.
secretary, I>. E. Larkey; treasurer, X J
Allen; canvassing committee— R. CHatting
ly, I". J. Smith, Stephen Potter, i:. J. Malouey,
Matt Cannavan.
M ral committee— William Cook, James
Byrnes, Henry Aeh. 11. C. Robin&on, Peter ile-
Hugh, Thomas McCoy, Josej.'i A. Kellv, G. R
B. Hayes, C. h Murphy, Beel B. Terry, John M.
Curtis, John NolKti, Henry M. Owens, E. P.
Farasworth, Henry Drown.
Forty-second— Chairman, Jamas O'Connor
vice-chairman, John \V. Flynn ; recording sec
retary, E. J. Reynolds; corresponding secre
tary, M. E. Halev; treasurer, F. F. fctrother*
canvassing conmittee—L. Kellv, J. Dunn P I
Imiin. P. L. McCarthy, P. Kaufman, \V. L.
Humphreys.
General 'committee— J. H. Wise, J. L. P.ath
bone, J. J. Kerriean, H. W. Fleming C E.
Meier, E. T. Mills, L. Hartnett.T. Cari BpellinK,
J. Bmithson, W. \v. Coates. J. Cathcart G
Grant, K. Lee, Thomas Harrison, D. Desmond!
Forty-thifd— Chairman, William Henderson 1
vice-chairman, John M. Crane; recording sec
retary, Robert C. Scott; corresponding secre
tary, F. K. liurhara; treasurer, William 11.
Harrison; canvassing committee— Mathew Fell
ion, E. P. Casserly, L. P. Ward, Sylvester Sulli
van and Samuel Newman.
General committee — John Rediean, Louis
Teeise, A. M. Armstrong, Joseph Mansfield
C. A. Reynolds, Joseph M. Marks, Max Gold
man, J. A. Winthror, Thomas Knealy, P *,)n
--nf.nfeld, K. Zieglmayr, M. M. Foote, Edward
Wilson, Thomas Wand and T. J. Mcßride.
Forty-fourth— Chairmßn, Charles McCarthy ;
vice-chairman, Dr. H. R, Morton Br. ; record
ing secretary, John E. Burke; corresponding
secretary, David Capuro; treasurer, Luke Fay:
canvassing committee— James A. Devoto, M.
Behan. D. G. Antonovlch, J. D. Sweeney
Thomas Crowley.
General committee— J. J.Walsh. E. J. Cos
grove, John O'Connell. James Kerwin Jr., M.
Mc'irrtth, .V. Bauer, Henry I'autz, J. W Col
lins, (i. F. Callahan, John "jaffrey, W. G. Brit
ton, J. J.. valeute, Ike Kosehein, Charles W.
P< I"-. Josenb
Forty-filth— Chairman, Joseph Castro: vice
chalrman, S. W. Johnson: recording Eecretary,
Fred Cullindan ; corresponding secretary, F A
Kelly, treasurer.Dr. James 1. Stanton; canva.-s-
Ing committee— Maurice Sullivan, George
Webb, Matt White, James J. Murphy, William
J. Htzgerald.
General c.-inmittee— James Dougla.«, James
Hanrahau, James J. Phillips, F. Kobbmann,
John L. BucVloy, Louis Guzzoli, Patrick Leary,
Artiiur Forcade, Patrick Keuny, E. J. Jeffries
William Foley, Thomas Murray Jr., John d'
Whaley, Gregory Casey, A. T. Spotts.
Trees Have Likes and Dislikes.
R. M. Kellogg of lona County, Mich., one
of^ tiie most successful fruit-growers in
Western Michigan, and secretary of the
West Michigan Horticultural Society, be
lieves that a tree has its like3and dishkes;
that it knows its friends and its enemies
when they approach, and has a high de
gree of intelligence generally. He believes
trees are as alive to their surroundings as
animals, and that their sensibilities must
be touched to gain the best results. He has
made a lifelong study of fruit trees and
fruit-growing. He explained his theory at
the joint convention of Western Michigan
horticultural societies in Grand Rapids
last week. His position was not contro
verted by any in attendance, and many
agreed with him.— Chicago Herald
Count de Gobelin says that cards came
from the ancient Egyptians, but the ma
jority of authors agree upon their French
origin, and assert that they were invented
to amuse the lucid intervals of Charles VI
who bad fallen into a state of insanity.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 12, 1800,
DR. SWEANY ' . Wlf ' Jj&jL i DR '
SIXCESSFDILT Treats Consumption in /^^^^sP^^lW^ SUCCESSFULLY Treats Rnptnre, Piles,
First and tad Stages, J^&Wffl&f WSm^fc FiSt " lil '
Chronic Bronchitis, VariCflde '
BepatizatioD, Ili« & .^RBl Hydrocele,
ASttinia (FROM HIS LATEST PHOTOGRAPH.) J{J(J fIU
LangS, SflN FRANCISCO'S LEADING AND MOST successful SPECIALIST. Testes<
A recent and thorough investigation has shown that in spite of the ~~~-
serious cases which he has treated not one failure has been recorded
against him for a score of years. Praise and gratitude received from
Rich and Poor.
/o^^^ F^^k^i d-4-^i*^ and consider aright this unparal- Jr^^^>
fM ~~\ IxGclO^jP* a3LOO leled and overwhelming testimony. 0: \
$${ ' \ _' * It means that a cure is effected of /M \
mm /&m> i every case that DR. SWEANY undertakes. S> ****** <£»?
AOO CTITDDAHM Tv I TVTi- C
*toMMtix*i^M*i£^ ARE STUBBORN THINGS.
DR. SWEANY flililamAa Qlifl 1 i^nnAAn from American, English and DR. SWEANY
Uli. OHEKRI |J 1 n 1 8.JS 9hi * 3 UnU X EyROSiS German colleges attest his supe-
f ¥ " IM¥ »*■■*■ «-Bwwaaww riority as a physician. Chronic « r « m « rrnr _, , .. , .
SUCCESSFULLY Treats Inflammation of and wasting diseases of the Throat, Lungs, Heart, Stomach, Bowels, aIIOtoHJUY Treats Diseases of the
tiMKidii» Kidneys and the GENITO-URINARY ORGANS have been Doctor Liver and Bowels,
luuiiejs, Sweany's study for life. There are cases of this character which,
through neglect or improper treatment, are beyond medical aid, but . . „ Mli r
D., , n . there are many more given up as hopeless simply because incompe- uUCfI as Tor P idlt y of the Ll7er «
DrigDl S Disease, tent physicians have failed to effect a cure. This especially applies to
diseases of the blood and the Genito-Urinary Organs, and Doctor T 37in^in O
n . . i Sweany yearly saves thousands from becoming mental and sexual "dlillUlto,
Diabetes, wrecks. ' • Const . pit .
Gravel, stone y m g fVi d 16- A^e and Old Men, you y tMui ar ?nd t r. e cr^??an°d f Gall stones
°' . ° " unnatural losses; if you are Bilinnnn/i™
on/1 TTn^min on the road to idiocy, insanity and the grave; if gloom and melancholy, DlllUUSflcSS,
dud Uraclllla. morbid fear and unnatural lust pervade your mind; if you are despondent
and downhearted; if you have lost all energy and ambition ; if you have an . A „ .. . 
aversion to society ;if your memory is failing and you are unfit for business And a! 1 other trou " which arise from a
or study, come at once before it is too late to Doctor Sweany and he will disordered and deranged liver.
quickly, safely and permanently cure you. The strictest secrecy is ob-
served in all cases of this character, so cast aside all feelings of shame to
consult the Doctor.
DIOOQOfIO rtf UUnmon If you are suffering from any of the diseases
iseases oi wow, P eculiar to your sex, such as Falling or Displace- _
r IWV.UVUU we vv^aaiui.i ment of the VVomb, Leucorrhea, Suppressed or
Painful Menstruation, Headaches and Spinal Weakness, call or write and
you will be told just what can be done for you. Doctor Sweany has suc-
ceeded in building up the most shattered and broken-down constitutions,
and will bring back to you that health, strength and beauty which every
> woman should possess. , ••
mf \ THF POOR Wh ? call at his offices on Friday afternoons are welcome Mi \
Mm a aaai-< a vun to his treatment Free of Charge. g&g. VV
a THE POOR Wn ? call at nis offices on Friday afternoons are welcome M \
* y s*-' 11 to his treatment Free of Charge. £&£
vM\ MmL. J W TW*% ¥ i A E? your troubles if living away from the city. Thousands are cured sP-- A //i»K I
mm^&^^M> W fkr I 1 i^ at home by correspondence and medicines sent them. Dr. Sweanv mP^mr^mM
Aw&Ms&r r V W\Si 1 I—* has studied in the leading hospitals of Europe and is conversant lllaT ""1»>
jk^fMm JbBBSK r, in all modern languages. Letters are answered in English Ger » % '- - A ' • >■ ">? WBB?
M^m^^^^SNl man, French, Italian Swedish, Norwegian and Danish. ee° m Lng " Sh) Uer - J^^^^b^W^W
Tlk T A T&/ST W^ t* of patients or their diseases are not published or exoo^Rd h,.t
l\J A /Wi — * W are thousands of testimonials on file in Dr. Sweany's nrivat«
DR SWEANY i>^iTin^ So^p«s a^S^s^ DR SWEANY
Ull. UllLnill . mechanics, farmers, lawyers, laborers and literary oeonlp w£ U "" WlftHlll
have been cured by him and made happy. It is a part of judgment and sense to seek DrSwp^nS
first, instead of squandering away time and money upon the uncertainties of nat Ant ■ y
and picayune specialists. You will find him not only a physician but^also a ChrKtia'nT^ SUCCESSFULLY Treats
SUCCESSFULLY Treats Catarrh in Its Philanthropist. Christian and
Different Forms, =gfcfift y^ ? fa ? g p OI I 11 1 L 1 0
■- in Its Different Stages,
Acid Dyspepsia -, ADd all Blood and Skin Dlseases
and Ulceration Ji L SWEANY MT)
A * •*-*' vv ■ CJ - £:l " L * i 9 JjIL.JL/ # Gleet, Stricture,
° f the 737 MARKET STREET, and all
Stomach, opposite THE -examiner- off.cc, san francisco, cal. Private Diseases.
1L Inc< tAAiviiMbK office, san Francisco, gal. Private Diseases.A-xtL.^rAtictseo
SIIXUAY ..... JA KUABY 12, 1896
AMUSEMENTS.
r.Atuwix Thbati • -Daughters of Eve."
» California Theater—" Virginlus."
Columbia Thkatkh— -'Tiie I/oat Paradise.?
Morosco's OrrnA-llousK-"The Fugitive"
Tivoi.i Opeka-Hol'sk.- The Man of
the \\ Ueel."
Orphkcjl.— High-Class Vaudeville.
limovj R'f! ALCAZAn.-'Oly Precious Baby."
Shoot th* CnrT>-s.-naily at Haigat street
cte block east of the Park.
Golden Gate Park— Gate Park Band
Pacific Coast Jockby a.r«.- Races :o-m irrow
AUCTION SALES.
By Yon Khki.n Co.- Tlirusdar, January 16,
Priil Estate, at salesroom, .'1;! California street,
Easton A Eldkidok.— Tuesday. January 21.
Kesl Estate, at G3S Market street, at 12 o'clock
• is >v Hajocond.— Thursday, January 23.
CITY NEWS IN BEIEF.
Rev. 11. S. Rite has accepted the pastorate of
the Presbyterian church at Pomona.
* Rev. Francis King is preparing to launch a
great co-operative scheme in this City.
The f tockholders of the Grangers' Bank -will
meet on Tuesday for the first time since the
fcuspension.
The owners of the big cemeteries are much
concerned over the proposed ordinance to stop
the further sale of lots.
John M. Reynolds has resigned his post as
pecretary of the committee .of fifty appointed ;
to cointmt the funding bill.
Detectives shoot down The telegraph wires
■used by downtown pool sellers to get the news
of the races at Ing'.csid track.
The Pacific Mail steamship Peru arrived from
China and Japan yesterday alter a pleasant
pavsage of fifteen days across the Pacific.
Tne locitl brewers' troubles have been settled
and a new order of prices for steam beer es
:ablished by the Brewers' Protective Associa-
Colonel George Stone has been nominated
for director and president of the Union League
flub in place of General Dimond, who with
drew.
The Health and Police Committee of the
Board of Supervisors inspected the Almshouse
Tract yesterday in search of a location for the !
Crescendo won the Baldwin Hotel stakes at
Jngleside track yesterday. The other winners
were Sbioldbearer, Yankee I'oodle, Burmah,
Ferrier and Fly.
Chief Wharfinger Root jesterday presented a
bill of over -_■■ . to Captain Oliver of the ship
Edward O'Brien, the cost o: moving his ship
ay.
Captain \V. H. Walker, who was suspended
for running the Belgic ashore on the Japanese
coasi recently, returned from Yokohama on
the Peru yesterday.
John W. Johnson, alias John Williams, who I
pleaded guilty to burglary in the first degree,
has been sentenced to seven years' imprison
ment by Judge ' ahrs.
(>. S. Potter & Co., 511 Market street, agents
of the Marion Cycle Company, were attached
yesterday for $2161 OS in a suit began by the
IJarioo Bank of Marion, Ind.
Attorney J. F. Evans of this City charges the
Democratic administration with practically
making this country play tail to tne British ■
kite in the Venezuelan affair.
The case of arson agninst William McGallory ;
was dismissed by Judge Bahrs yesterday on
motion of the District Attorney. McGallory
was tried, but the jury disagreed.
The electric tower of the Midwinter Fair '
grounds leans perceptibly westward, ns a re- i
sult of the blasting and palling yesterday after- :
noon in au attempt to bring it down.
The statement that Assistant Teller Desmond
of the Nevada Bank nd Wiley G. Lytle haa
sailed for Japan in search oft the forger A. H.
Dean was yesterday denied by Captain Lees.
The Salvation Army offered at yesterday's
meeting of the Prison Directors »v San Quentin
to" assist discharged prisoners by tnkiujr them
in hand and securing employment for them.
"Cloudy weather, probably without rain," is ,
the prediction of Weather Forecaster A.
McAdie, which will t><* hailed with delight by :
people who propose ont-of-door expeditions.
Ala joint .'meeting o! the State Bureau of i
Highways end the State Prison Commission
yesterday it was decided to sell crushed rock I
at Kolsom only to counties and contractors for j
public works.
The Supreme Court has denied the petition
of the Valley road for a writ ot mandate to the i
Trustees of Fresno. This means that the fran
chise through the City of Fresno will be sold in
open competition.
Judge Beicher has denied the motion to set
n«ide the information against Peter F. Lane.
The motion was made on the ground that the
Police courts could not legally hold him. Lane!
1 ■
Labor Commissioner Fitzgerald, having been !
authorized by Governor Budd to make an
Eastern tour of investigation into the subject '
of prison-made goods, expects to start with an i
assistant about February 1.
John Hogan, an ex-convict, wss yesterday i
held to answer before the Superior Court by '
Judge Low in §2000 in the charge of grand
larceny fo: scaling a diamond pin from R. H.
Perry in Hallinau's poolrooms.
Frank C. Shipley, as assignee oCa number of
unpaid claims against '.'Langley's San Fran
cisco Directory, Vis sueing Francis; Valentine <fc
Co. and J. Milton Painter for the amount of
the same. The claims amount to .«C'JOU 95.
To-day at 3 o'clock "Motives of Human Lile
and Conduct" will be the subject of Rabl»i
Voorsanger's addnxs at the Association Audi
torium, Mason and Ellis streets. Service ex
clusively for gentlemen. There will be special
music.
Several Gilbert Islanders are here negotiating
for the purchase of Captain James McKenna'a
brig Percy Edwards, which will be sent to
Guatemala for the purpo.-e of carrying the
"blackbird" Gilbert natives home from that
Chief Sullivan answers the charges made by
ex-Foreman Buchanan, who claimed that t he I
funds lor the widows and orphans were being
misappropriated to political uses. The matter
lias caused considerable discussion among the '
firemen of this City.
United Stntes District Judge Morrow decided
yesterday in the case of the Pacific Coast
Steamship Company against Moore, Ferguson I
& Co. that a railroad charge would have'to bo
ignored by the Admiralty Court, because not
covered by maritime jurisdiction.
There is every prospect that the Southern Pa
cific Company will become involved in a legal
battle with the Interstate Commerce Commis
sion over the recent Pueblo-San Francisco rate
decision, mek:::g great reductions in the rates
on iron and steel and their products.
W. W. ( lark was yesterday held to answer
before the Superior Court by Judge Campbell
in $5000 bonds on the charge of forging the
name of Joseph Nash to a check on Wells,
Fargo <fc Co., which he passed upon Oscar
Holmberg, a water-front saloon-keeper.
The Hospital Committee of the Board of
Health, consisting of Drs. I!. H. Hart, T. J.
Fitzgibbon and J. M. Williamson, accompanied
by City Physicians J.R. McMuroo and A. P.
O'Uricn and Chief Plumbing Inspector J. J.
•Sullivan, yesterday inspected the sanitation
end plumbing of the Alnishouse and County
jails.
Philip Meyer is suing the Welsbach Com
mercial Company for $100,000 damages. He
claims he was appointed Western agent for
the Welsbach gas-burner, and when he sent
for his stock he was sent a lot of inferior stuff
he could not sell. He says the defendant fur
ther Interfered with his business by violating
agreements; that he was damaged to the
amount a<ked.
GREEK NEW YEAR.
It Is Celebrated at Diiion-Sqiimre Hall
With an Klaborate Sn
etety Ball.
The Hellenic Mutual Benevolent Society
gave its anniversary ball celebrating the
Grecian New Year at Union-square Hall
last night. The hall was profusely and
prettily decorated with red, white and blue
bunting an<J flowers.
The erand march was led by Miss Irene
Radovich and Miss Edith Coles and dur
ing the course of the evening Miss Rado
vich executed several fancy dances. Miss
Euridice Athanasiadon recited in poetic
prose 'a history of the Greeks in America,
which elicited great applause.
The officers of the society are: M. I).
Vanvaler, president; G. Fundas, vice-presi
dent; C. Capilos, treasurer, and M. Va
comiles, secretary.
The reception committee consisted of M.
D Vanvaier, N. Dumianakes, A. Kosta, C.
Capilos, E. Cokinos, M. Dakiriades, G.
Fondas; floor committee, C. Dernetrak, I).
R. Harton, A. Simacopulos, P. Pandazer,
I>. Checuros, A. Apostoloand Jf . Carvunos.
At midnight bounteous refreshments
were served. "
MAY CONTEST A
FEDERAL ORDER.
The Southern Pacific Com
pany Inclined to Be
Defiant.
ITS REVENUE AT STAKE.
Exception to a Sweeping Ruling
of the Interstate Commerce
Commission.
A LEGAL BATTLE IN PROSPECT.
What Was Brought as a Test Case
Proved a Most Destructive
Boomerang.
There is now every probability that the
r< cent decision of the Interstate Commerce
Commission in the case of the Colorado
Fuel and Iron Company of Pueblo, Colo.,
against the Southern Pacific Company
and other railroads engaged in interstate
commerce west of Pueblo is likely to pre
te a great legal battle between the
Southern Pacilic Company and some of
the other Western roads involved on one
side and the Interstate Commerce Com
■i on the other.
When the decision was rendered a very
brief synopsis of it was telegraphed to this
City— not sufficient for the railroad peo
ple to determine the full scope and effect
of it — and the entire text was expected
with much interest and anxiety. This has
now come to hand and proves to be a most
serious blow at the lines affected.
It not alone orders a reduction of rates
between Pueblo and San Francisco on iron
and steel and goods manufactured from
these materials, but also between all inter
mediate points.
In its decisions the commission does not
decide principles so much as it does cases,
anu therefore its decision in this matter
only bears upon the commodities in ques
tion. But a most vital principle is in
volved and it is expected that a decision
.ortly be rendered that will cover
rates in the territory mentioned on all
classes of freight and all commodities.
An adherence to the ruling of the com
mission means a decided decrease in the
freight revenues of the companies con
cerned, as it involved heavy reductions.
All the lines have until January 15 to com
ply with the order. The only road tuat
has thus far announced reductions in ac
cordance with the decision ia the Santa
At the oilices of the Southern Pacific
Company it was stated yesterday that the
order oi "the commission would in all prob
ability be disobeye I, or rather ignored. It
is expected that charges will then be made
against the company, when the whole
matter will be taken into court. There is
no ai y speaking, from the
ons of the Interstate Commerce Com
mission, the only remedy lying in a dis
ind conseqnont trial before a
judicial tribunal.
The complainant is engaged in mining
coal and iron ore and in manufacturing
coke, steel rails, railroad fastenings, mer
chant bar iron and steel at Pueblo, Colo.,
and complained that the defendant rail
road companies publish a rate between
Pueblo an 1 San Francisco on steel rails
and other articles of iron and steel of $1 tJO
per hundred pounds while they are pasties
to tariff rates o:i the fame articles to San
Francisco from Chicago of <J0 cents, and
that the rate on said commodities from
! certain Atlantic points is as low and sorue
i times lower than from Chicago. It was
! then charged that these rates unjustly
! discriminate against Puoblo and are in
'■ violation of the fourth section of the act
'to regulate interstate commerce; that
i complainant's business of supplying fuel
ilorado industries and other products
j to points in California was greatly affected
by these unjust rates and that the;
i been deprived of a large and valuable
| business in the i
The prayer was that the defendants be
•:d to haul iron and steel and all
■ articles from Pueblo to San Fran
.•it rates that will pay thorn relai
cbe same profit as was derived from trans
ng similar commodities from I
lantic seaboard or Chicago to .San Fran
; cisco.
In the consideration of the case Com
missioner Clement?, who heard it, said :
It was Insisted on behalf of the complainant
at the hearing that the rates from Pueblo to
n.il'l not excel : 40 1
and 33 cents on bar iron, and
defendants concerned in the transporter
: tion of freight originating at Pueblo ai
I by their representatives Indi
ach rates to
complainant on condition that the commission
would construe the long and short haul rule,
or grant reliei therefrom so as not to make
the maximum from l'ueblo to points
ir lines between Poeblo anil Ban Fran
cisco. Under such ruling or order all the de
fendants Reem agreed that raies toSanFran
migbt, on occasion, be wade less from
lo than from the East.
•o reduce the rates from Pueblo to
Ban Francisco, on condition that they should
be applied as maximum rates to Inter
media Is not an application for relief
from the operation of the fourth section of the
law.
i pon the request of complainant hearing
was had only in respect to that part of the
complaint relating to rates on steel rail?, rail
road fastenings, bar iron, castiron water-pipes,
pig iron and other iron an-1 steel commodities
which take similar rate*, those complained of
on oilier goods being involved in another caße.
In coming to this conclusion, the com
missioner said:
This case rests upon broader grounds than
ble availability of competition by rail and
water rout*:-. The disparity between higher
rates for short hauls and lower ones on long
hauls, the latter involving greater service and
expense on the part of the carrier, is usually
defended upon the ground, where competition
• carriers is set up, that unless the lower
rate is made, the traffic will not IBOve by the
lant's Line, but will be secured by his
. Whatever may be the merits ol
this defense, it would seem that better cause
exists fur lower rates where, under higherones,
the tnitlie is subjected to such disadvantage or
prejudice that it will not move at all. Such is the
situation developed in the case nnder consid
eration. The. rates in force from Pueblo to San
Francisco prohibit the movement of iron and
steel articles irom the former place to the latter,
while greatly lower rates from other, though
far more distant, points prevail.
It is contended by the complainant that but
for the. obstructive position taken by the South
ern Pacific the rnt<-K complained of herein
would no', have been bo hign , anil some of tne
testimony tends to show that it may be for the
Interest of the Son them Pacific to encourage
iron and steel traffic via New Orleans so as to
obtain for itself a longer rail haul and greater
ensatlon than on such traffic routed via
Osrden and Its Central Pacific division.
However this may be, discriminations and
prejudices, both as to rules and facilities, have
sometimes been found to result from the ap
parent interest of carriers to secure freight at
points situated with reference to the place of
destination, so as to give a long haul, though
at iower rates than a much shorter one at
higher rates, the former yielding greater ag
snue. Inequality of treatment of
shippers and localities having do other justifl
carfoo than this end is indefensible.
Taking all the facts and circumstances into
consideration and making due allowances
therefor, we think the rates from l'ueblo to
Sun Francisco should not exceed 45 cents per
l<)0 pounds on steel mils and railway fasten
ings, or 87J^j cents per 100 pounds on bar iron,
:i witier-pipe, pigiron, billets, blooms,
rivets, nails and spike*, nor should the rates
fruii: Pueblo to San Francisco on such traffic or
on other Iron and steel articfes bo greater at
any time than 75 per cent of rates coatcm
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 12, 1896.
poraneonsly in foice on like traffic irom Chi
cago to San Francisco over any of the de
fendant roads. An order to this effect will be
entered.
The percentage relation fixed in the forego
ing order is confined to rates from Pueblo and
Chicago, in expectation that the present rela
tion In rates applying to San Francibco from
Chicago and other eastern points c ver the
various routes in use, will not be changed in
such manner as to result in new injustice to
Pueblo, but to guard against such r contin
gency this case will be held open for such fur
ther proceedings or action as may at any time
appear necessary.
The sweeping character of the' decision
was entirely unexpected to the defend
ants. It was in reality a test case, having
been brought on an understanding be
tween the railroads and the Colorado Fuel
and Iron Company. Its purpose was to
enable the Colorado company to come into
the San Francisco market against Eastern
competitors, and thus permit the railroads
west of Pueblo to enjoy traffic that was
largely moving around C"ape Horn.
Instead, however, of reducing rates only
from Pueblo to San Francisco, as was
asked, the commission has held that Pu
eblo-San Francisco traffic was not exempt
from the long and short haul clause of the
interstate commerce act, and ruled that
the Pueblo-San Francisco rate must be the
maximum rate for intermediate points.
LEAGUE OFFICIALS MEET.
Charles S. Wells and Trainer Shaefer
Arrive From the South.
The board of oilicers of the North Cali
fornia Division, League of American
Wheelmen, held an important meeting
last evening at the rooms of the Bay City
Wheelmen. Representatives were present
from the Garden City Cyclers, California
Cycling Club, Reliance, Petaluma, Bay
City and Olympic Club Wheelmen and
Terminal City Wheelmen of Stockton.
Reports were heard from the good roads,
racing, touring, transportation, finance
and membership committees, which indi
cated that the league in this State is in a
prosperous condition.
A committee from the Petaluma Wheel
men, consisting of P. K. Lippitt, L. C.
Byce and Joe Steiger, addressed the meet
ing, requesting that the league meet of
1896 be awarded to Petaluma. They hand
ed in the applications of thirty-two mem
bers of the club as an evidence of good
faith, and promised many more in the
near future. The meet is usually held on
the Fourth of July, and the features are a
competitive parade in the forenoon, races
in the afternoon and a ball in the evening.
It was decided to leave the matter of
awarding the annual meet until the next
meeting, to be held Saturday evening,
February 1.
Charles S. Wells, the great class B racer,
arrived here yesterday with his trainer,
Dave Bhaefer, from Coronado, where he
lias been trying for records. They found
quadruplet pacing not fast enough to se
cure the coveted records, and, while await
ing the arrival of a rive-seated machine
from the East, decided to come north and
take a look at the cement track at San
Jose. Mr. Shaefer went there last night
for that purpose, and will also try to se
cure Otto Ziegler for his racing team, in
which regard he thinks he will be suc
cessful.
Wells is in splendid form now and feels
sure he can secure the records he wants if
his pucing is fast enough. The wheel he
is now riding has a 102 gear and 63-i-inch
cranks, but Wells is a heavy, strong" rider
and can make fast time on it.
T. A. Griffiths, E. Languetin, T. S. Hall,
H. A. Goddard, A. L. Holling, Archie
Keid, S. B. Vincent an£ A. J. Mcnne of
the Buy City Wheelmen will start at 7
o'clock this morning to ride 100 miles
around the bay. They are all hardy road
riders and hope to lower tho record for the
course.
THE PASTORS AND WOMEN
Mrs. Clara M. Partridge Writes
an Open Letter to the Rev.
Marshall Law.
A Scathing Criticism of Mr. Law's De
termination to Permit No Women
to Visit Him.
Mrs. Clara M. Partridge, wife of Samuel
C. Partridge of Haste street, and a teacher
in the Columbus School at West Berkeley,
has written an open letter in which she
attacks Rev. Marshall Law of Oakland in
a most scatbing manner on account of his
announcement from the pulpit that be
will hereafter see no woman except at his
home, "where Mrs. Law can keep us
company," or "by appointment and when
her husband or some ono else is present,"
this decision on his part having been
brought about by the recent troubles of
Dr. Brown.
Mrs. Partridge in her letter makes the
following statements:
"It certainly is true, as Rev, Mr. Law
states, that there is a sort of unhealthy
sentimentality between come of the ladle's
of some churches and some pastors, but
because one or two, or even half a dozen
instances of injudicious friendliness may
be named, does it follow that all women
are to be shunned and treated as villainous
Bchemen, and all men, especially ministers
of the gospel, to be isolated because they
are too weak to meet women without losing
their moral dignity and probity of charac
ter?
"Is it possible that you, as a woman of
business, I, as a schoolteacher, young
women students, mothers with sick chil
dren, daughters who can earn their livings
at the bookkeeper's desk or typewriter's
table, cannot meet the men of our com
munity to transact business without being
accused of sinister designs and immoral
tendencies?
"With all due respect to the ministry,
which in these days is too often harshly
criticized, I, in the name of the thousands
of good women and true, protest against
Mr. Law's implications, and against one
in his position lending his influence to the
building of a still more unhealthy senti
ment between men and women. Would it
not be more luting for him to use his best
efforts to cultivate in the minds and hearts
of men and women alike a true concep
tion of manhood and womanhood, and of
their mutual responsibilities, moral and
social?
"Those in high places, whose duty it is
to mold public opinion, should take wise
counsel among themselves before they say
that which will in any way lessen the
faith men ana women have in each other's
integrity, and it seems to me that Mr.
Law has cast an imputation upon his sex
as well as upon woman that is unworthy
of him and unwarranted by the case in
consideration. Clara M. Fartu/d«k."
Dr. Voorganger to Vounj Men.
The Young Men's Christian Association has
arranged a series of special addresses to young
men lor Sunday afternoon, to be given by
prominent clergymen, for a course of three
months. The addresses will be upon topics of
vital importance to young men.
The first address oi this series will be given
this afternoon by Kabbi Voorsanger, D.D., of
the Temple Emanu-El. His theme will be
"Motives of Human Lifo and Conduct, a
serious study of present conditions." The ad
dress will begin at 3 o'clock, and all young
men are invited.
Ladies' Bicycle Tournament.
A ladies' bicycle tournament, open to all
California lady riders, will take place at the
Mechanics' Pavilion on the nights of February
3 to February 8. beginning at 8 o'clock on the
night of February 3 and ending at 11 o'clock
on the night of February 8. Riding to take
place between the above-named hours each
night. One thousand dollars in cash prizes to
be distributed during th«! week. The sturting
and scoring to be under the management of
some well-known club, to be mentioned later.
Ladies desiring to participate will please com
municate with the undersigned. For hall
space and privileges and programme, advertis
ing and further information inquire of
Charles A. Wikidel, rooms 2 and i. 1049
Market street. «
AN HOUR WITH "CHIMMIE"
The Author of the Famous Bowery
Creation Gives a Public
Reading.
BRIDAL TOUR OF THE DUCHESS.
Successful and Enjoyable Entertain
ment Under Auspices of the Mer
cantile Library Auxiliary.
Chimmie Fadden, his Duchess, his
"wot fell" and his other quaint Bowery
vulgarisms delighted a large and cultured
audience in the auditorium of the Young
Men's Christian Association yesterday. It
may be remarked also that Chimmie Fad
den's author was present, and this added
greatly to the interest and the pleasures of
the event. Chimmie Fadden's author is
neither an Apollo nor a Beau Brummel.
In truth he wears glasses and has the ap
pearance rather of a studious sort of fel
low, albeit one that can appreciate both a
good dinner and a good joke. His name
is Edward W. Townsend, and as Samuel
M. Shortridge said yesterday in introduc
ine him, "he went from us and has re
turned with laurel on his brow" — also with
more flesh on his bones it may be added.
The entertainment was given under the
auspices of the Mercantile Library
Auxiliary, and it opened — somewhat after
the hour set — by two vocal numbers by
Mrs. J. E. Birmingham.^ She ?ang ""When
You Are Here, Love' (Kate Varmah) and
"To-morrow" (Meidlinger) — and sang
them sDlendidly and was roundly and
justly encored.
Samuel M. Shortridge appeared [next as
the forerunner of the britrht particular
star of the evening, he who discovered
"Wot tell." Mr. Shortridge's address was
commendably brief, but every sentence
counted and paved the way for the
splendid reception accorded the author.
"It was a pleasure, refreshing and gratify
ing," said Mr. Miortridge, "to steal away
from the heat and the dust and the con
tention — yes, and sometimes anger — of the
courtrooms to this beautiful temple dedi
cated to music and letters and their
kindred arts to welcome one who went
from us and has returned with the laurel.
"And in winning a laurel wreath for his
own brow he has added one to the pure
and spotless forehead of our Stato." In a
few terse sentences Mr. Shortridge then
discussed Mr. Townsend'e place in litera
ture. He had not indulged in speculative
or abstruse treatises, but had followed in
the path of the immortal Dickens and
touched the hearts of all the people
by finding his poetry and comedy
and drama in lowly walks of
life. Doubtless Mr. Townsend had
seen the stars at night and had been
thrilled with the poetry of each flower
that turns its face to the sun, but he had
looked deeper into the hearts of men, and
had found the diamond sparkling in the
tavrny grass. Nevertheless his service to
literature was as great as though he had
written of the most learned subjects. "We
at home, seeintr him so near, did not
realize his true proportions, though we
knew he had genius, and like so many
others he went Fast and there won that
AN UNSUCCESSFUL ATTEMPT TO OVERTHROW THE TOWER.
[Sketched by a "Call " artist.]
World-wide recognition that is the just
tribute of civilization to genius."
Mr. Shortridge then said a few kind be
coraine words on behalf of the auxiliary,
after which the father of "ChiinmieJFad
den" stepped out upon the platform and
bowed.
Then he opened "A Daughter of the
Tenements," and read therefrom some de
scriptions of the Bowery— this as a preface
to his chapter from "Chimmie." He
chose the bridal tour of "Chimmie" and
the Duchess, and it is scarcely necessary to
say that his audience was kept in an
almost continual roar of laughter that, at
the conclusion of the reading^ was merged
into most hearty and prolonged applause.
There were two other numbers on the
programme, both of which were heartily
enjoyed and warmly encored — Bernard
Mollenhauer in a violin solo and Donald
de Vere Graham in a vocal number. 11. J.
Stewart was the musical director. The
entertainment was deservedly successful,
because it was one of the most enjoyable
afternoon events of a public nature that
has occurred in San Francisco for many a
day. ______________
Body Found Off Black Point.
Boatman Irving of 432 Kentucky street
found a body on the beach oil' Black Point at
11 A. M. yesterday. Apparently it was tho
corpse of a boiler-maker, as a burnt rule such
as the boiler-makers use and some business
cards were found in one of the pockets. A
odging-house key, numbered (37, was also
found. The man must have been in the water
about ten days, from all appearances.
• — ♦ — •
BACK FROM SIBERIA.
Noted Russians Who Have Been for
Some Time in the Wilds.
C. M. Gronwaldt of St. Petersburg,
agent of the Russian Fur Company, own
ing concessions on the mainland and
islands of East Siberia^ arrived here yes
terday from Vladivostok, en route home.
He has been absent in Liberia for a good
part of a year.
With Mr. Grunwaldt is Captain Paul
Lemascheffsky of the imperial navy, Cap
tain Errickson of the merchant marine on
the coast of Siberia, and N. N. Kalikanoff,
a Russian merchant of Vladivostok.
Captain W. W. Walker, till lately com
mander of the Belgic, arrived here bn the
Peru yesterday. He went at once to his
homein Oakland.
Dr. C. F. StoKes, son-in-law of Captain
John Bermingnam of this City, and for
three years past resident naval surgeon of
the United States in Yokohama, returned
here yesterday.
The Rev. R. R. Williams, a missionary
of India, and his family arrived on the
Peru yesterday.
THAT TOTTERING TOWER
The Tall Landmark of the Mid
winter Fair Is Doomed
to Fall.
Blasting at the Foundation and Tug
ging at the Top of a Finan
cial Failure.
San Francisco has its leaning tower, but
unlike the famous tilted pile at Pisa, Italy,
it is not destined to remain an object of
interest to the wondering gazer.
That tall steel structure that marked the
center of the main court at the Midwinter
Fair grounds and had at its highest point a
great electric searchlight that flashed over
all the City and far out on the bay, has
cea sed to be aa object of pride. It must
like a dead giant of the forest be uprooted
and felled to make room for something
more useful and ornamental.
All yesterday afternoon nearly a score of
men were at work either tugging at a
windlass to which was attached a double
steel cable reaching to the top of the tower,
or were drilling hoi es for blasts m the
solid concrete foundation in which the
four corners of the steel and iron super
structure are imbedded.
Little by little the framework responded
to the strain upon the cables, but the
twelve blasts exploded in the ten-foot
cubes of cement failed to crack and
crumble the foundations sufficiently to
cause the 2"_'s-foot tower to loosen at the
base, totter a moment and then come
down with a mighty and impressive crash
of 110 tons of metal.
People stood at a respectful distance and
bent their necks far back as they looked
up at the dismantled skeleton, st.rinped of
its elevator and of the few furnishings
that had once made each of the several
platforms attractive stations to the patrons
of the electric tower.
The Park police were on duty at long
range waving ami gesticulating to foot
passengers and bicyclists to keep out of
the imaginary circle of possible death.
Little groups on the miniature hillsides
and along the level stretches formed a big
ring, and aJI the faces were turned toward
the center in momentary expectation that
another explosion would raise a cloud of
gray dust and scatter broken fragments of
cement, or that the straining cables would
suddenly precipitate the spectacular fall
and crash.
But the tower would only lean a few de
grees to the west, and, in that threatening
position, it will probably remain to-day
and until some time to-morrow afternoon.
More blasts will be put in the concrete to
morrow forenoon after holes shall have
been drilled.
When the tower falls it will be un jointed
and broken up into convenient pieces, so
that it can bo removed and piled some
where awaiting a sale as old iron.
It is estimated by the Park Commission
ers, under whose orders the work is being
done, that the material will not bring
enough to pay for the labor of destruction.
At any rate, the Commissioners say they
offered to let any one take the tower down
for the material in it, but no one would at
tempt it.
The electric tower was a white elephant
to the men that invested their money in
it. It did not pay and nearly every part
of it. even to the concrete foundations, it
is said, is the subject of some legal claim.
The owners were given a whole year to
remove the obstruction, for such the tower
has been considered (to the work on the
extensive new concourse) and the present
action is the result of tne Commissioners'
determination to wait no longer.
ALONG THE WATER FRONT.
The Brig Percy Edwards to
Carry the Gilbert Islanders
Home.
RETURN OF THE ■ BLACKBIRDS."
I
Notable Passengers by the Steamship
Peru— A Bill Against the Ed
ward O'Brien.
The brig Percy Edwards, owned by Cap
tain James McKenna, which has been
lying up in Oakland creek for two years,
will probably be purchased for the Central
American trade. Several wealthy persons
from the Gilbert Islands are here trying to
secure the vessel, ana if they succeed her
first mission will be highly creditable to
herself and her new owners. She will pro
ceed to San Jose de Guatemala and carry
home the "blackbird" Gilbert natives who
were kidnaped some years ago by the
trampsteamer Montserrat. It will be re
membered that Captains Blackburn and
Ferguson engineered the scheme of sup
plying the Central American coffee plan
tations with cheap island laborers and
landed a steamer load of the simple natives
at Guatemala.
This slave trade soon fell into disrepute
even on the Spanish-American coast, and
the Montserrat went into other business,
THE BRIG PERCY EDWARDS UNDER FULL SAIL.
[She was under charter to bring South Sea Inlanders back to the Gilbert group.]
and was mysteriously lost about a year
ago on the northern coast. The luckless
isianders have been leading a wretched ex
istence under their Guatemalan taskmas
ters ever since, and their deplorable con
dition has moved their countrymen to
purchase the Percy Edwards for the pur
pose of taking them back to the Gilbert
group.
The Pacific Mail steamship Peru arrived
yesterday, twenty-five days from Hong
kong and fifteen days thirteen hours from
Yokohama. The voyage was a pleasant
one, she having escaped the gale that
almost overwhelmed the cruiser Balti-
Among her passengers are two United
States naval officers from the Asia lie
squadron, Surgeon C. F. Stokes and Lieu
tenant H. F. Halsey. Captain W. H.
Walker, late of the steamship Belgic, was
one of the cabin passengers. He was sus
pended by the Oriental and Occidental
Steamship Company for running his ves
sel aground at the entrant of Yokohama
harbor, and has returned to lay his case
before the company's officials. Viscount
Tamura of Japan came over on the Peru
on his way to enter the United States
Naval Academy at Annapolis. He will
serve his four years' cadetship, and, after
graduation, will return to his native land
and receive an officer's commission in the
Japanese navy.
M. R. Mino, a Japanese naval engineer,
with four assistants, also arrived in the
Peru. They are en route to Glasgow to
bring out the new cable steamer which
will be used to lay the submarine tele
graph line between Japan and Formosa.
The other cabin passengers are Captain
Paul de Lemascheffsky of the! Russian
navy, Mrs. C. F. Stokes, H. A. Young, W.
B. Jones, Rev. R. R. and Mrs. Williams,
Miss Alice Williams and four children,
N. Ualikftnoff, C. 'Grunweldt, U. Taunua,
Mrs. M. E, Geason. Mrs. E. M. Woodward,
Mrs. M. L. Loud, Miss Claussen, Captain
J. M. Erikson, A. H. Butler, A. Legawa,
U. Juahara.
Chief Wharfinger Root has a little bill
against the ship Edward O'Brien for mov
ing that vessel and her revolver-armed first
mate out of the fairway.
Day before yesterday, when the Harbor
Commissioners attempted to notify that
officer, who is the son of Uaptain Oliver of
that vessel, that his anchor was dieging
up the Oakland cable, he manned his six
shooter battery aim drove the State offi
cials back to "the wharf. The ship was
finally moved by a tug and a gang of steve
dores, and the bill of over $200 is charged
against the vessel.
The steamer Corona has been repaired
and fitted up to take the place of the Mex
ico on the San Diego route. The Queen
and Topeka and probably the Al-Ki will
run to Alaska. If the latter vessel should
not be found available the Mexico will
take her place. The steamer South Coast
will run in opposition to the Alice Blanch
ard to llumboldt, and will probably be as
sisted by the Coos Bay. The Sausalito
21 I JOY'S
f A .] JOY'S
JOY'S
IV 1 JOY'S
Is the Ratio of Other Prices and Ours.
HOT-WATER BOTTLES.
1 Qrt. 50. 2 Qrt. 55.
3 Qrt. 60. 4 Qrt. 65.
! SARSAPARILLA.
Joy's, Hood's, Ayer's 65c
Syrnp of Figs SSc
Scott's Emulsion 65c
JvJ V O Dr. West's Brain, Nerve
IHV'Q and Blood Remedy re-
JU I O stores and completes man-
IHV'Q hood. Prevents a prema-
♦J KJ I O tare condition of the
I/"\V'Q body. It builds, restores,
«J \J I O sustains.
JOY'S JOY'S JOY'S
JOY'S BALDWIN PHARMACY,
■
UNDER BALDWIN HOTEL.
flarket and Powell Streets.
has been fitted up to take her place on the
bay ferry route again.
FIRE IN A FACTORY.
The Eagle Collar-Pad Company's Ei
tablisbiuent Damaged to Con
siderable Extent.
The manufacturing portion of the City
was vi.-ited by a lire last evening which
succeeded in destroying about $5000 worth
of property before the flames gave in to
the many thousand gallons of water which
wore poured upon them.
It is supposed that the fire broke out in
the Eagle Collar-pad Company's establish
ment, which occupies the second floor of
a two-story brick building at 132 Main
street.
At 9:45 p. m. the neighborhood was
startled by what appeared to be an explo
sion, and in a few moments the rear por
tion of the building was a mass of raging
names. Special Patrolman Detwiler, who
was among the first to discover the lire,
immediately turned in an alarm through
box 2G5, but after a few moments, no an
swer being received, another alarm was
turned in through box 51. The tire patrol
was the first to arrive at the scene, and be
fore the engines were ready to begin throw
ing water had succeeded "in covering the
goods and machinery in neighboring es
tablishments, thereby eliminating the loss
which would have inevitably resulted had
the flood of water which was turned on the
flames been allowed to go where it pleased.
The heaviest loser from the fire is the
Eagle Pad Company. It is estimated that
the damage done to its stock will amount
to about $2000, which is fully covered by
insurance. The Union Machine Company,
which occupies the first floor of the
scorched building, will probably lose $1500,
as its establishment was thoroughly
flooded and filled with smoke. The "ma
chine company carries a stock valued at
$2f>.000 and ?SOOO insurance.
The stock carrifl by the Davis Collar
Company was damaged to the extent of
about $500, which loss is covered by insur
ance.
A portion of the floor at 132 Main street
is occupied by the California Gas Engine
Company, and they will probably lo?e
about $:M>. This company carries $t;00 in
surance on its stock.wnlch is valued at
several thousand dollars.
It is not known how the fire started, but
it is presumed that it was from a cigar or
cigarette stub being carelessly thrown
among the grass-stuffed coilar-pads,
which were as dry as tinder.
A New Interne.
Dr. Joseph Badilla, a recent graduate from
the medical department of the affiliated col
leges, has been appointed an interne at the
City and County Hospital. The doctor has been
on duty at tiie City Receiving Hospital, audit is
mainly in recognition of hi.-, services at that
institution that he has been promoted to the
larger field afforded by the f wenty-third street
hospital.
NEW TO-DAT.
iiipis
WINTER
CLEARANCE SALE
BEFORE STOCKTAKING.
PHENOMENAL BARGAINS
Cdoiedress Goods.
125 Dress Patterns, in
All-Wool Cheviots
and Silk Mixtures,
To Close, $2.45 Each
175 Dress Patterns, in
Novelty Checks and
Tweed Suitings,
To Go at $3.50 Each
275 Dress Patterns, in
all New Weaves and
Colorings, in Ca-
niche, Boucle, Chev-
iots, etc.,
To Clear, $5.25 EacH
75 Dress Patterns, in
the High-grade Nov-
elties, former price
$13.50, $17.50, $20
and $25,
To Go at $6.50, $8.50, $9.50 and $13.50
SPECIAL-JUST OPENED.
50 Pieces Imported Plaids, in
Rough and Smooth Effects.
Very Handsome.
SE lI A HI, A ESPANOI-.
G. VERDIER & CO.,
SE. Cor. Geary and Grant Aye.
VILLE DE PARIS.
BRANCH HOUSE,
LOS ANGELES.
78
FATHER YORKE
TO DR WENDTE.
The Catholic Chancellor Con
tinues His Reply to the
Unitarian.
ST. PETER'S COMMISSION.
Christ Was Governor of His
Kingdom and Bequeathed
His Office.
W. H. BOWMAN'S CONTRIBUTION.
The American Protective Association's
Champion Continues the Argu
ment.
Rev. Father Yorke continues his reply
to the Rev. Dr. Wendte in the following
letter addressed to The Call:
January 11, 1896.
Tn the Editor of the Call— Dear Sir: In my
letter of yesterday I treated the lirst proposition
defended" by Dr. Wendte:
Peter was never invested by Jrsus Christ with
any extraordinary authority or spiritual supremacy
over the other disciples.
In order to substantiate this denial Dr.
Wendte gave the usiml objections against the
Catholic doctrine that Peter was appointed
head of the church. These objections I ar
ranged in the following order:
A. Objections against the proofs alleged to sub
stantiiue the tact.
1. The argument from the Eock metaphor is of
no value, because :
(a) Peter is not the only Rock.
(b) His name Rock was given on a different oc
casion, and therefore has no special significance.
(r) Peter was the Book simply because he took a
leading part in spreading the church.
(rf) Peter was nor the Bock, because Christ re
buked him and because he denied Christ.
■J. The argument from the commission to con
firm the brethren is of no weight, because nothing
was meant tn* Sj !'• •• r's natural fervor.
'A. The argument (torn the puwi-rof binding and
loosing is of no weight, becanse all the disciples re
ceived the same j n\\ er.
B. Objections against the fact itself.
(.1) Our Lord himself expressly provided against
a primacy.
-■ The ancient church was not orsanized on a
hierachical basis, and therefore there was no room
for a Pope.
(3) The whole history of the apostolic church
Bhows no trace of the primacy of Peter because
Ihe apostles exercised their authority In
common.
ih) Peter did not preside at the council of Jeru
salem.
,<-> Paul \rithstood him face to face.
1 he fourth gospel p'.orlfies John, not Peter.
I have considered his treatment of the argu
ment drawn from the Rock metaphor, and
have shown that his objections will not hold
water. I now proceed to examine his answers
to the argument drawn from
•J. thk Commie-ion to Com :rm the Brethren.
"* The account of the conferring of such a com
n on Peter is found in the twenty-t
chapter of St. L :ke : "There ft' so arose b<
tion among them which of them is accounted
to be the greatest." Bach contentions were
not unfrequem. A !>n::<i of poor fishermen,
tired with Messianic dream?, have been prom
a kingdom, and it is no wonder
that they should squabble and in
trigue for the good places. Christ takes note
of their contention, find does he say
There shall Vn- no places, no "chiefs," no
"greatest" in bis kingdom? Such a declaration
would end the dispute at once. On the con
trary he admits that there shall be grades and
offices among them, and he takes the oppor
tunity to inculcate humility on the men who
are to hold these offices. They are not to
follow the example of the petty tyrants who
rule the nations: "The kings of the gentiles
lord it over them and they that have authority
are calleu benetactors, bur not so ye. He that
is greater among you let him become as the
lesser, and he tr:at is chief as one that doth
serve."
Then he enforces this precept by his own ex
ample. No one who reads "the gospels can
deny that Christ acted as chief, as leader, as
governor of h:s kingdom. Acts of authority
exercised by him are found strewn eL over
the pages of the evangelists. He therefore was
among them as their master and chief, yet
just at this very moment he had but finished
performing the most menial service— the
washing of their feet. "For whether is
greater— he that sitteth at meat or he that
t^erveth? Is not he that sitteth at meat; but
I am in the midst of you as he that i>erveth."
He had not cei.sed to be their master though
he acted as their servant. He was still the
king, though he was meek and humble of
heurt ; so when they should receive the ap
pointed kingdom, and should sit on thrones
judging Jsrae-1, they should not be carried
away by their power, but should use it even
as he. Then he turned to Peter and saH :
"Simon, Simon. Satan hath desired to have
you'"— pl'iral, the apostles— "that he might
sift you"— plural, the apostles— "as the wheat
is sifted in the- winnowiug. But. I have prayed
for"— whom? The twelve apostles? No; but—
"thee"— singular, Simon Peter— "that thy"—
singular, Peter's— "faith fail not. And thou"—
Peter— "being once converted confirm thy
brethren"— the apostles.
The hour of the passion is at hand. The lit
tle flock which he had gathered with such in
finite care and patience and love is about to be
scattered. The powers of darkness are to have
their df.y of triumph. What then will become
of those to whom he has been making such
"pTomUes, promises so glorious that lie has
been compelled to warn them against pride?
His words give the answer. He has chosen one
out of the eleven, to be the greatest in the
kingdom of heaven. To him he gives the office
of confirming his brethren. In order that he
may carry out that office he prays for him
specially. Evidently he believes* that his
prayers shall be efficacious. Peter's faith shall
not fail, and Peter, therefore, shall confirm the
brethren.
This dr. ty laid upon Peter is something given
to him alone. It is a peculiar privilege, and it
is a privilege which necessarily denotes au
thority, i hrist sends him to restore order to
an army tha; is demoralized. The enemy is
victorious and the soldiers are fleeing hither
and thither. He who in such a juncture would
rally men once more to the flag must possess
or must seize authority. Hi.s words must be
commands, and he must be ready to shoot, the
mutineer dead in his tracks. In such a case
men will obey authority, and authority oniv.
When Christ sends Peter to rally his panic
stricken apostles shall we believe that he sent
him without as much authority as we would
give a policeman in a stampede? Unless he
has power and can speak as one having power,
all his efforts will be in vain; but because he
has authority and because he speaks as one
having authority he is able to confirm the
brethren as his master commanded.
But the Rev. Dr. Wendte thinks otherwise
"Peter, he says, "was a man of intense and
striking Individuality, a singular blending of
stren-rth and weakness, faith and (ear. He~waa
always foremost unions the disciples to spea* and
act. Hence, Jesus naturally looked to him to be
come a pillar of the church, and by his fait and
fervor to -strengthen the brethren' in the hour of
trial."'
Christ's words give us a different impression
I do not suppose here that he is mure than a
man, or that he could see into the future or
that his prayers were efficacious. I take his
words as expressing his thoughts, whether
inese thoughts were correct or not. Now then
our Lord's words evidently imply 'that the
devil had got hold ot the whole apostolic col
lege. To Jews, saturated with the Old Testa
ment, his expression meant that Satan had ob
tained them, as of old he had obtained Job. In
this juncture what did Christ do? He dots not
rely on Peter's fervor; he relies on his own
prayers. Peter shall not fail, and the obvious
intention of Christ's words is that he does not
fail because of Christ's prayers. Dr. Wendte
may not believe that Christ's prayers could
have this effect, but It is evident that whoever
wrote the gospel had a different opinion.
Anyhow it little matters why Peter did not
fail. Christ gives him a certain duty to per
form as soon as conversion comes. That duty
is to be exercised by him toward the other
apos les. How on the face of this commission
can any one hold that "Peter was never in
vested by Jesus Christ with any extraordinary
authority over the other disciples."
3. Thk Commission to Bind and Loose.
As a "linal proof" that St. Peter received no
special power or authority Dr. Wendie says:
In the Gospel of Matthews (XVfll:18) we read
that Jesus committed the power to bind and loose,
to retain and remit Sin, not only to Peter, bnc. to all
the disciples. "Verily. I say unto you, whatsoever
ye bind on earth shall be bound In heaven,
and whatsoever ye loose on earth shall
be loosen in heaven." Whatever weight
of authority we may- attach to this
mysterious passage, one thing- is assured, the keys
of heaven are in the hands of no oue privileged
mediator between man and Ood. Every disciple Is
a priest of the Most High; every pure soul Is nod's
temple, every honest thought, every virtuous
action and holy prayer brinys us Into immediate
and intimate relations with our father in Heaven,
promotes our present felicity and opens the King
dom of Heaven to all believers.
This is another of these beautiful and mys
terious passages in which Dr. Wendte delights.
As a matter of fact, there is absolutely nothing
mysterious about it. The expression "to bind
and to loose" was one quite familiar to the
Jews and possessed a well-defined meaning. It
is a metaphor, certainly, but a metaphor easy to
be understood. It means tjie powur of making
and abrogating laws, that legislative authority
which is a function of the supreme govern
ment of any society.
When, therefore, our Lord said to St. Peter,
"Whatsoever thou shalt bind upon earth shall
be bound also in heaven," he gives him is
plain terms the supreme legislative power in
his church. Dr. Wendte, however, objects that
this, power is given to all the other apostles as
well. In order to see the strength of his argu
ment let us read the whole text. Christ is
speaking to the disciples:
Tf thy brother sin against thee, go, shew him
his fault between theo mid him alone; if he hear
thee thou hast pained thy brother. But if he hear
thee not take with thee one ortwomore, that at the
mouth of two witnesses or three every word may
be established. And if he refuse to hear then tell
it utito th; church; and 1( he refuse to hear the
church also lot him be unto thee as the Gentile
and the publican. Verily I say unto you. what
things soever ye shall bind on earth Fhall be hound
In heaves; and what things soever ye shall loose
on earth shall be loosed in heaven.
It is evident here that Christ is dealing with
a particular circumstance; namely, excom
munication. Whcu the church expels a man
Christ promises to ratify the expulsion. Hence
the object of the legislative power is restraint
to this particular case.
It. however, it be urged.— and most Catholics
agree— thai the words, "What things soever,"
are universal, and that the object on which
the power is exercised does not restrict tne
power itself, we should then grant that by this
text the legislative power was given to
the church. Dr. Wendte's claim that
the power is given to each individual
disciple is as absurd as to claim
that each individual member of Congress
possesses the legislative power. Christ is
speaking not to each, but he is speaking to
borne kind of a society, call it church or
congregation or what you will. He has made
a complete distinction between the brother,
the two witnesses and the society. To the so
ciety he gives the binding and the loosing
power to each disciple.
However, the privilege given to Peter was
absolutely personal. To him and to him by
name was given the game power which is con
ferred upon the whole church. When the
whole church meets in council w th J'ope at
itshead.it nas undoubtedly supreme legisla
tive power. That very same supreme legisla
tive power was given by Christ to St. Peter in
dividually, and was not given individually to
any other of the apostles.
Hence we see, Mr. Editor, that all the objec
tions brought against my argument by Dr.
Wendte do not touch the case at all. lie has
not succeeded in explaining a>vay these plain
ami unequivocal texts of Scripture which
demonstrate the primacy of St. Peter. Let us
now see if he can, from the whole of the New
Testament, produce a single fact or saying
which will militate against the Catholic teach
ing that Christ constituted Peter the head of
the church.
B. OBJECTIONS AGAINST THE FACT.
To disprove the fact that Peter was given
a supremacy over the apostles. Dr. Wendte
produces three arguments: 1. Our Lord pro
vided against a primacy; 2. The ancient or
ganization of the church lett no room for a
primacy, and, 3. The Apostolic history shows
no traces of a primacy. I will consider each
oi these arguments in order.
1. Christ Provided Against a Primacy.
"Once more," says Dr. Wendte, "while Jesus
may have intended to make Peter prominent
in the apostolic circle, it was entirely without
any Idea o£ his supremacy or rule over them.
This is shown by the striking incident, nßr
rated by the synoptics, that on one occasion
when the disciples were disputing on this very
point— who should be the greatest in the king
dom ot heaven (Matt. xx:2O-24)— Jesus, instead
of solemnly putting forward Peter, as he would
naturally ha\e done if he had destined him
for the primacy, Jesus rebukes their selfish
contention by placing a child in their midst
und telling them of such is the kingdom of
heaven. Christ himself recognized no su
premacy. He said: "The princes of the gea
tave il^minion and great authority over
them. But it shall not be so among you; but
whosoever shall be chief among yon'let him
be your servant." And Jesus, to give them an
example of this humble service, performs the
menial office of washing their feet.
I have already touched on an incident simi
lar to this related by St. Luke, and which took
lilace at the last supper. Dr. Wendte evidently
has confounded both. 1 will copy out the
text in full, for there is nothing more mislead
ing than scraps of Scripture torn from their
i context:
'i lien came to him the mother of the sods of
Zebe with her sous, worshiping him and ask
inK a certain thin; of him. And he said unto her,
What uouldst thou? She saith unto him. Com
mand that these my two sons may sit, one on thy
right hand and one on-thy left hand, in thy kinsi
dom. But Jesus answered and said, Ye know not
what ye ask. Are ye able to drinK the cup that I
am about 10 drink? They say unto him, We are
able. He saith unto them, My cup indeed ye shall
drink, but to sit on my right hand and on my left
hand is not mine to give, but it Is for them lor
whom it has been prepared of my Father. And
when the ten heard it they were moved with in
dignation concerning the two brethren. But
Jesus called them unto him and said,
Ye know that the rulers of the gentiles
lord it over them, and their great ones exercise au
thority over them. Not -so shall it be among you;
but whosoever would become great among you
shall be your minister, and whosoever would be
first among you shall be your servant. Even so
the Son Of Man came not to be mistered unto, but
to minister, and to give his life a ransom for
many.
There is also another similar incident re
lated in the eighteenth St. Matthew:
In that hour came the disciples unto Jesus, say
ing, who then is gmetesl in the kingdom of
heaven?" And he called unto him a little Child
and set him in the midst of them, and said,
Verily I say unto you, except ye turn and become
as little children, ye shall in no. wise enter into the
kingdom of heaven. Whosoever, therefore, shall
humble himself us this little child, the same is the
greatest iv the kingdom of heaven.
From these texts it will be seen that Dr.
Wendte has mixed up three distinct and sepa
rate events to make an argument against St.
Peter. lam surprised that he manifests such a
confused acquaintance with the words of the
Holy Bible.
It will be seen from an unbiased reading of
all these texts that Christ tacitly acknowledges
the existence of places of honor in his church.
He knows too well, however, how prone the
heart of man is to pride and how the holiest
office of religion may be prostituted to per
sonal glory. As long as men, not angels, are
ministers of the gospel this must be. Christ
tries to guard against it as much as possible.
He does not cure the sin by killing the sinner.;
he does not prevent pride by abolishing places.
Rather he lays down the "maxim that they
who are to hold the offices are to be the
humblest of all. He admits that there are
offices in his kingdom, but they are not ob
tained by intrigue or by influence. Rather
should they be bought by humility and be
coming as little chii-lren.
Dr. Wendte's argument against the existence
of offices in Christ's church, as 1 have said
above, proves too much. Christ was certainly,
as a matter of fact, the head of his church.
He was a teacher, a rabbi, a prophet, a king.
This the apostles believed. Was he not us
muchaki::g in their eyes when he washed
their feet as when he scourged the Pharisees
with his woes? Was he not more a king? Did
not the act receive its significance from the
fact that he was the Master, and do not his ex
hortations receive their force from the fact
that he was addressing those who were to be
set by the Holy Ghost to rule the church of
God?
Dr. Wendte says that Christ should naturally
have set forth Peter as the head of the church
When the^e contentions arose I answer that
he did. Not on every occasion it is true, tor
he was not exhibiting the apostle as a prize
calf. But on the occasion 01 the last supper,
when the eleven fell to fighting again, he
stopped their contentions torever by telling
them that Satan had got them all except one
and that one, Peter, was to have the duty of
confirming the rest.
Hence how baseless, how unsubstantial Dr.
Wendte's argument is may be seen lrom these
i-oiiMderatious. I am tempted to quote his
own words against him. His claim thai Christ
repudiated a primacy "is disclosed to be en
tirely unfounded, a fiction built on the most
6ienaer basis of tact, a myth which dissolves
into thin air," not at such an elaborate per
formance as "the first dawning of an enlight
ened reason and conscience," but at a simple
inspection of tha Bible record.
How can our worthy Dr. Wendte meet such
facts as these?
ii. The ancient Cur kch Was Not Hieraechi
cal.
The second argument urged by Dr. Wendte
against the primacy of St. Peter is that there
was no room for it in the ancient church. He
says :
Indeed, in the Bible the word "church" Is never
used 10 signify a hierarchy in the Jlom&n Catholic
sense. It always means an assembly or congrega
tion. No such onice iS that of liisnop. in the
Romish sense of a lifelong' tenure and supreme
priestly authority over the whole congregation, is
to be found In the early church, from its Institution
down to the line of Nero. The first church officers
Dientioi.ed in the New Testament— the deacons
(Acts vi-2-6) - were ordained by all the apostles in
comix.ou, not by Peter alone.
I am afraid that Dr. Wendte Is inventing
Catholic doctrine as he has been inventing
Scripture. The penny Catechism defines the
church as follows:
" The church is the concregation of all those
who profess the faith of Christ, partake of the
sum-- sacraments and are governed by their
lawful pastors under one visible head."
Hence no Catholic contends that the church
. 'I. 01 ,? 1 ' asM -' mb ly or congregation. Wnat we
do hold is that this cor^regation is not a mere
mob, but an organized body ruled by officers
THE SAN FKANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 12, 1896.
constituted by Christ. Indeed there is noth
ing in the New Testament more evident than
the fact that Christ divided his kingdom into
the teachers and the taught. From the multi
tude of his disciples he selected twelve
(Matt. x). Them he sent forth to preach. At
the end of his stay on earth he commanded
them to make disciples of all the nations
(Matt, xxxiii). He gave them powerto adminis
ter snered rites such as baptism, penance (John
xx) and the hoiy communion (I Cor. xi). He
made them legislators, whose laws should bind
the very consciences of men. (Matt, xviii).
Moreover, these powers he gave only to cer
tain officers. As St. Paul puts it, "God hath set
some in the church; lirst, apostles; secondly,
prophets; thirdly, teachers; then powers, then
gifts of healing, etc. Are all apostles? Are
all prophets? Are all teachers? Are all work
ers of miracles? Have all gifts of healings?
Do all speak with tongues? Do all interpret:"
And again (Ephes. iv; 11), "He (Jesus) gave
some to be apostles, and some prophets, and
some pastors and tenr hers, for the perfecting
of the saints unto the work of ministering
unto the building up of the body of Christ till
we all attain unto the unity of the faith."
That it is to say, there shall "be in the church
men to instruct, to govern, to minister, by the
appointment of Christ, until the la>t soul is
gathered to the shecpiold with the Good Shep
herd on the eternal hills.
Hence it is that we iind the church assuming
a hierarchical form immediately after the
death oi Christ. Another succeeds to the office
from which Judas had fallen and obtains the
same grace and apostoleship as the eleven.
Paul and Barnabas are set aside for a certain
work arid straightway they proceed to appoint
elders or bishops in every church. Nothing
can be conceived more diverse from the apos
tolic practice than a modern Protestant con
gregation. II the Christians of Crete were any
thing like our California Unitarians they
must have considered that Paul had un
paiallcled|impudt-nce;when he handed them
over to Titus. "Heretofore 1 left thee in Crete
that thou shonldst appoint elders or bishops
in every city." If by some dispensation of
providence Titus should some day appear in
Oakland, accompanied by Dr. Stebbins, and
order Dr. Wendte over to Franklin street, I am
afraid the congregation woutd have a unani
mous tit. The apostle who wrote of the over
seers whom the Holy Ghost had placed to rule
the church of God would have very little sym
pathy with the modern system whereby no
member of the church Is compelled to obey
except the unfortunate pastor.
For these reasons I conclude that Dr.
Wendte's attempt to block out St. Peter is not
a success. There is no use arcruing against a
fact, and the facts of apostolic history are in
favor of the Pope.
3. The Apostolic Church.
Dr. Wendte gives four reasons for his asser
tion that the history of the apostolic church
shows no traces of the primacy of Peter. I
will consider these four reasons separately:
(a) The apostles exercised their authority in
common.
He says: The first church officers mentioned
in the New Testament— the deacons (Acts
vi:2-6) — were ordained by all the apostles iv
common, not by Peter akine. So, ag;ai;i, when
earnest teachers are needed in Samaria (Acts
vii:l4) the apostles exercise their collective
authority and send Peter and John thither.
I might remind Dr. Wendte that the practice
of ordination in common is still carried on in
the Catholic Church, and does not at all prove
that the bishop is not the governor oi the dio
cese. When the presiding officer oi the Senate
votes for a bill, and thus passes it, he does not
cease to be Vice-President of the United States.
Some people imagine that St. Peter could not
have been head of the church unless he was
grabbing every, hing in sight. If 1 may say it
without disrespect the proper answer to Dr.
Wendte's objection is that St. Peter was no hoe.
That he was sent into Sr.maria with John is
a very peculiar way to prove that he was not
head of the apostles. Suppose in the present
war scare the English Cabinet should decide
to send Queen Victoria over to Germany to
mollify her grandson, would that prove she
was not Queen of England? Ptter and John
were sent because they were considered best
fitted for the work, and that Peter went only
proves that he patterned himself on his Mas
ter, who came not to be ministered unto but to
minister.
To what desperate straits must men be re
duced when they bring forward such cobweb
arguments as these to batter down the rock!
(6 The Council of Jerusalem.
Still more significant is the testimony af
forded by the council or synod of apostles
mentioned in the fifteenth' chapter of the
Book of Acts. Peter does not preside over it,
as lie would naturally have done if he hart
been recognired as primate. He defends his
own course like a private member of the con
gregation, aud James is the one who proposes
the compromise which is finally adopted by
the apostles, elders and congregatiou in settle
ment oi their differences.
It v ould tiike up too much room to copy out
this text. However, as this letter will appear
on Sunday your reader?, Mr. Editor, could' not
do better'ttinn read the whole fifteenth chap
ter of the Acts ot the Apostles. They will find
that there is not the slightest hint given that
Peter did not preside e.t the synod. Indeed,
his words have an authoritative Found. He
does not defend his course, as Dr. Wendte
says, but he simply tells what he did, as if the
fact that he did it were sufficient justification.
What James hus to do with the question no
one can tell. That he proposed a compromise,
or that the compromise was adopted, proved
nothing for his superiority. One might as well
claim that Mr. Wilson, the- author of a com
promise tariff act, is the President of the
United States. Hence, 1 am afraid that Dr.
Wendte will get cold comfort from the council
of Jerusalem. The description of it contains
not a single sentence to show that Peter was
relegated to a second place.
(c) I'aul withstood him face to face.
To prove that St. Peter wr.s not the head of
thechurcu Dr. Wendte produces the famous
t x! from the Galatians. He says:
"Peter was no rock when in apostolic times,
in subservience to the narrow" policy of the
Jewish wing of the church, he was unfaitnful
to his own highest conviction, opposed the
necessary world-historic development of Chris
tian truth, and drew upon himself the stern
rebuke of Paul (iialatians 11:11-21), who ac
cused him of falsehood, hypocrisy and thwart
ing the will of God. This frau'^ criticism in
which Paul indulged, doty not look like an ac
knowledgment on lu> pa-t of the primacy and
sovereign authority of Peter."
If tliere is anything that delights me it Is to
6ee the beautnul way in -which the modern
preacher can pitch into St. Peter. I do not
know what special spite they have against
him, but they seem to revel in hurling epi
thets at him. In the beginning of his letter
Dr. Wendte reproached me with solemn face
and lugubrious voice for my bad language, and
here he is live minutes after calling St. Peter a
liar, a hypocrite and a coward. lie reproves
me for applying to a live sinner terms which
he does not scruple to apply to a dead saint.
Now, let us see what bearing St. Paul's con
duct has upon the supremacy of Peter. The
mere fact that he resisted the Pope to his face
proves nothing. Many a man has resisted his
superior to his face end gloried in it. Why
not St. Paul? In fact, if we study the circum
stances under which this resistance took placo
we will find another and a stronger argument
in favor of St. Peter's prerogative.
The statement that St. Paul withstood St.
Peter is found in the second chapter of the
Epistle to the Gnlatians. These Galatlans were
troubled by mischief-makers, who insisted that
the Jewi.«h law was binding on ail Chris inns.
As this was directly oppo.-ed to St. Paul's
teaching the Judaizers, as they were called,
strove to belittle his authority by d'.-clarin-,'
that he was not a genuine npostle but a late
comer, who had never walked with Christ on
earth, and who, therefore, was not competent
to declare what the true Faith was. The Epistle
to the nalatians was written to enforce the
idea that St. Paul was a true apostle and capa
ble of saying that his teaching concerning the
Jewish law was correct.
The proof which he offers is the testimony
of St. Peter. He 6ays that after his call at
Damascus he went into Arabia for three years
to prepare for his mission. Before he entered
on that mission, however, he writes: "I came
to Jerusalem to see Peter and I abode with nim
fifteen days." Now, if Peter had not some
peculiar office In the church why should Bt
Paul single him out for a visit? P'eier was not
even Bishop Of Jerusalem, and to James, who
was Bishop, St. Paul only refers in passing
When we read in mediaeval history that the
Apostles to the barbarians, like St. Patrick and
St. Boniface, went to Rome to visit the Pope
before setting out on -heir missions we under
stand that they recognized the supremacy of
the Bishop of Home. Whan St. Paul goes to
Jerusalem to visit St. Peter beiore beginning
his apostolic career is it reasonable to suppose
that it means nothing at all "
Moreover, St. Paul is strong on the point that
Peter's approbation was sufficient to vouch for
him. He adds. "And no other apostle did I
see except James, the brotner cf the Lord."
According to the theory of Dr. Wendte, that
James was rising into prominence, he should
have called on James first; but St. Paul, just as
any other good Catholic to-day would do, be
gan by paying his respects to the Pope.
Then he goes on to make a further appeal to
Peter. His visit to Jerusalem shows that he
was recognized as a true aposile, now he wants
to show that Peter himself preaches the same
doctrine about the non-binding character of
the Jewish law. This he does by recalling the
Incident at Antioch. Antioch was a Gentile
city and St. Peter made no distinctions between
his conveits from paganism and his converts
from Judaism. St. Paul records the fact that he
ate with the Gentiles. When, however, the ex
tremists began to as.sert that the Jewish law still
continued in force and emissaries arrived from
Jerusalem, then St. Peter, fearing to offend the
Jewish party, withdrew from the conversion
of the Gentiles. This was simply a prudenmu
movo and was recommended by St. Paul him
self on another occasion, when he says: "1 will
not eat meat if it scandalize my brother." St.
Peter's action, however, though indifferent in
itself, appeared v. St. Paul as calculated to pro
duce a bad effect. He realized that the
Judaizers were rapidly advancing to the
heretical position which they afterword
rer-ched of declaring that the law absolutely
bound nil. He therefore considered Peter's
action as favoring a dangerous faction. For
tins reason "he resisted him to the face." The
resistance, indeed, was a very Giruple matter.
It consisted, so to speak, in "giving away" to
the visitors from Jerusalem the fact that St.
Peter was in the habit of eat/in? with the Gen
tiles. "I said to Peter before all," he writes to
the Galatians, "if thou who art a Jew does live
like the Gentiles, why v.ouldst thou compel the
Gentiles to live like Jews?"
This is practically an appeal to the supreme
authority of the prince of the apostles against
a faction who were using him to justify their
errors. That Paul could resist Peter on this
nintter merely proves that Paul's doctrine was
right. It brings shamefaced Peter before the
Galatians to bear witness that this newfangled
apostle is correct in his teachings. Now if
Peter's witness is not in some way authorita
tive, why should Paul be so anxious to have
him on his side? "Does not the fact look like
an acknowledgment on his part of the primacy
and sovereign authority of Peter?"
(d) The glorification of John.
Dr. Wendte tries to show that there waß a
gradual obscuration of St. Peter as the church
grcv,- older. How this obscuration can be
proved is to me a mystery. All we know about
the apostolic church is to be found in the New
Testament, and surely Dr. Wendte does not
consider that a bundle of old letters is a very
good method for obtaining anything like the
proper perspective of history. What Dr.
Wendte says about the Gospel of St. John is, I
am sorry to say, incorrect. In fact, John re
lates how our Lord washed Peter's feet first of
all. He tells of himself, how, when he outran
Peter to the tomb, he waited and would not
enter till Peter had preceded him. Above all,
he records the giving of that superhuman task,
"Feed my lambs, feed my sheep." Certainly
this does not look as if Peter was depreciated
by the fourth Gospel.
These, Mr. Editor, are all the objections
against the primacy of St. Peter that I have
been able to gather from Dr. Wendte's letter.
What their value is your readers can now
judge. No evidence has been brought forward
to show that Peter is not the only ruck, or that
the change of his m>.rae to P.ock does not indi
cate his supreme power. The commission to
confirm the brethren is a special commission,
not the result of a mere natural char
acteristic. His legislative power he re
ceives in common with the body of which
he was a member, but he also receives it
alone as a personal and individual gift. His
primacy fits in with the hierarchical constitu
tion of the church as established by Christ
and no word or act in all apostolical history
can be alleged against that primacy. The very
texts and arguments which :ire sent up to con
fute him range themselves upon his side.
No, Dr. Weodte'a honest a;:d impartial re
view of the liible testimony proves nothing
agAinst the prince oi the apubties. Clear nud
definite texts stand forth in his favor.
What is brought to confute him? A few
straggling passnees from all parts of
the Bib'e— unwilling conscripts who escape
as soon as they get an opening, [jet
Dr. Wendte consider well the straits in which
he puts himself by yielding to preconceived
idens. Some of the "noblest passages in the
Scripture he is compelled to dismiss with the
epithet mysterious He loses the key which
unlocks not only the obscure chambers of
apostolic history but he loses the explanation
of the long dealing* of God with man.
11. THE PERMANENCY OF THE PRIMACY.
In my original letter I stated the Catholic
argument in the following words:
1. The society which Christ established to
teach his doctrines must last forever. He is
with it even to the end of the world.
'2. This society rests upon the rock, and be
cause it rests upon the rock it is victorious
over the gates of hell; hence the rock must en
dure as long as the church, for no building can
stfuid without a foundation.
3. Peter, therefore, must ever remain in the
church as its perpetual defense, as its ruler, as
the shepherd of the lambs and sheep.
4. But Peter lived only lor a few years.
Therefore, unless he has a successor the plans
of Christ came to untight almost as soon as
they were put into operation. No one can
predicate this of him who is infinite wisdom
and infinite power.
To this Dr. Wendte replies: "Even if he had
been so invested, there is rothit-.g to show
that tliis authority was or could be trans
ferred to succeeding generations of disciples."
As he gives no reason for his denial my posi
tive statement stands, becau=e I have given my
reason for it.
111. ST. PKTF.K AND ROME.
Dr. Wendte has summed up his conclusions
concerning the connection of St. Peter with
Rnme in three propositions:
Peter was never Bishop in Rome.
Peter never übode in Home for any such term
as is claimed for him in the official declara
tions of the Roman Catholic Church,
Peter was, in all probability, never in Rome
at ail.
1 will consider these propositions one by one.
1. Peter was Bishop of Rome.
The only reason given by Dr. W-ndte for his
denial of Pater's episcopate in Rome is ih;it
'•the unanimous tradition of the church fatu
ers designates one Linus as the first. Roman
Bishop." I really do not see how he can make
such a wild statement. His own beiovd Lip-
Bius now acknowledges that Hippolytus, in
that portion of his chronicle froni which j
the first part of the Liberiau catalogue
of the Popes was derived, counts Peter |
as first Bishop of Rome. My author- j
it y is C. P. B. Alnatt. "Was" St. Peter |
Bi-hop of Romp." He gives as his reference i
bictionnry of Christ, Biography and Litcru
ture, vol. i, pp. s<>7, 555, 577. Irenceus declares
that "The blessed apostles having founded
nnd built up the Church of Rome, delivered
the episcopate to Linus." The difficulty
which is sometimes made that Linus is called
the first is easily met by the explanation that I
the fathers count "from the apostles," i ust as j
they say that Ananias was the first Bishop of
Alexandria after Mark. Indeed, I am very
much afraid that Dr. Wendte will find it hard
to prove that the fathers are unanimous, as he
asserts.
One statement of Dr. Wendte I notice with
great surprise. He says:
"It is not untii 100 years after the reported
death of the Ap -tie Peter that we come upon
testimonies to ibe general tradition existing
at Rome of his sojourn, primacy and death
there. Now lou years is a lons* time. How
many legends and myths have uri«en in
our own enlightened country during the
pu.-t hundred yean and still persist? Kow
much more must this not have been the case in
the ignorant, uncritical, credulous and turbu
lent arre which witnessed the downfall of the
Roman empire and the transformation of the
spiritual democracy of Jesus and his disciples
into the monarchical constitution of ;h>
Roman hierarchy, especially when it was so I
inanife>tly for the interests of the clergy to
spread the doctrine of Peter's Roman primacy."
With referenfe to this, allow me to remark,
that the Christian literature of the first century
is very scant; and Dot of such a natureas would
indicate anything whatsoever about matters of
history. We have, however, pretty clear and
convincing evidence from thirty-three years
after the death of Peter, that the Roman See
exercised lys primrcy. Moreover, I beg em- I
phatically t" deny that this century was '-igno
rant, uncritii !. turbulent or credulous." it
was the century which saw Ro;;ie's greatest
glory, and :is far as Learning or skepticism, or
pence goes, it could well compare with our
own. I a:r afraid lir. Wendte has been mixing
up hii history n.s he has been mixing up his
scripture.
2. The Official Records.
Dr. Wendte goes into a long arithmetical and
chronological discussion to j rove th<» Rumen
r. cords wrong. "It la claimed," he Bays, "in!
the official declaration of the Koman Catholic
church (Liber Pontificalia, etc), that Peter r©>
sided in Rome twenty-five years aiui more, but
that he had previously served for ten years as
Bishop of Ar.tioch."
Dr. Wendte might have spared himself all
the trouble. It is nowhere claimed that St.
Peter's residence at Rome or at Antiocn was
continuous. He uiifrht as well try to prove
that Archbishop Rlordan is not Archbishop of
Pan Francisco because he spent some time in
Europe.
3. Was St. Peter in Rome?
Dr. Wendte produces a long and learned
array of names to show that he was
not. I can produce as long and as
learned a list to prove that he was. How
ever, I would remark that for 1300 years there
was never a suspicion breathed that Peter was
not at Rome. Again the most learned scholars
of Protestantism hold with us. Dr. Wendte de
clares that Llpslus 'has forever destroyed the
so-called historical foundation for Peter's
primacy at Rome." If he would care about
seeing lapsing himself destroyed by another
Protestant I refer him to Hi'lgenfeld's Zeit-
Bchrift, 1877, pp. 486-508, where "he entirely
disposes of the arguments alleged by Lipsius
and other critics against the presence and mar
tyrdom of St. Peter in Rome."
Dr. Wendte considers that the silence of St.
Paul about Peter in his epistle to the Romans
is an argument f-.gainst St. Peter's presence
there. He should remember that the same
silence is maintained concerning John in the
letter to the Ephesiane at a time when John
was r.ndoubtably in Ephesus.
Finally the interpretation of Babylon in St.
Peter's epistle as Rome is supported by such
testimony Catholic and Protestant that the
truth of it is no longer open to doubt. Dr.
Wendte seems to imagine that, only Catholics
hold this view, but I refer him to the "Speakers'
Commentary" 'a Protestant work) both for
proofs and authorities. He will find there that
the opposite theory in the words of Dr. Farrar,
"will not bear a moment's consideration."
Hence I conclude that Dr. Wendte's objec
tion to St. Peter's residence in Rome, like his
objections to the primacy, are inspired more
by the desire to down the Pope at any cost
rather than by the desire for historical accu
racy.
Dr. Wendte has said many things about the
church, but in such a vague and general way
that I cannot find anything on which to base an
argument. He speaks of founding an American
Church upon the runs of the Papacy. Year
after year the downfall of Peter has been
prophesied, and lo! he still stands. Year after
year the Kates of hell have raged against him
but they have not prevailed. Generation after
generation of his enemies has come and gone
and he has outlived them all. Century after
century passes by and he grows notold. "There
are no gray hairs on the head of Judah. who
reneweth his youth like the eagle, whose fee
are as the feet of harts and underneath the
everlasting arms." Yours truly, P. C. Youke.
THE A. P. A. CHAMPIONS.
G. A. Hubbell and H. W. Bowman Reply to
Father Yorke.
G. A. Hubbell and H. W. Bowman,
manager and editor respectively of the
American Patriot, submit the following:
Office American Patriot, j
819 Market street, Jan. 16, 1896. |
To the Editor of the San Francisco Call— Dear
Bib: The expected has happened. Peter C.
Yorke has taken to the woods. He says he ex
pects to be accused "of cowardice, and of pre
varication, and of all the crimes in the deca
logue, but he is content to leave his actions to
the judgment of the people of San Francisco."
are we. The public saw some time ago that
Peter C. Yorke did not want tne third lawyer
appointed. He is afraid of the decision.
DoniUd M lioss promised to "kesp faith with
the public." He will doit. He has the new
Woodward's Gardens pavilion engaged for
February 26, 27, 28 and 29; one evening for
each of the four propositions in dispute.
Though Peter C. i'orke lias taken to the woods,
he looks back and grieves because Donald M.
Ross will keep his word in accordance with
his acceptance of Yorke's challenge. Peter C.
Yorke feels very bad because he can't control
Mr. Ross' part of this affair. He doesn't want
him to appear at the pavilion.
He doesn't want anything charged to meet
expenses there. But we can tell him that non-
Catholics and Catholics who have kept us ;
posted on his actions will do as they please;
that nis natural domineering spirit has not
yet reached the power he would like.
Peter C. Yorke tries hard to make a point be
cause the sense only of the articles quoted
against him was given by us. We admit that
we <!:d not give the whole of an article where
it was not necessary. Our typewritten copy in
the hands of your primer will show omission j
inaicated.
We huve before tis the very best authority
that we are correct— "a work which may be
appealed to with confidence by every one who
Erizes truth and loves his country. '• We stand
y it, and not by l'eter C. Yorke.
The accusation of Peter C. Yorice that we
"are attempting- to obtain money under false
pretenses and it is well for the people to under
stand it" surely belongs to the man who works
u].i>u his poor, deluded victims the purgatory
racket. G. A. Hubbell.
BOWMAN ANSWERS YORKE.
The Editor of the American Patriot Eeplies to
the Editor of the Monitor
H. W. Bowraan, editor of the American
Patriot, contributes the following letter to
the famous religious controversy in the
form of an answer to the recent letter of
Father Yorke :
Office of the American Patriot,
819 Market street. J
Editor of San Francisco Call— Dear Sir: In a
previous article we called attention to some of
the political principles of the Papacy as mani
fested in the bulls of Popes and the indorse
ments of Catholic writers. The Papacy here in
the United Slates upon these principles is an
incontrovertible fact. We will restate the prop
ositions and cite tacts to substantiate our state
ments. Proposition 1: "The Romish church
has a right to exercise its authority without
any limit .set to it by the civil power." Proof
from American history: The refusal to con
form to the educational policy of our Govern
ment and the establishment of parochial
schools in opposition to those of the state is in
controvertible evidence of Koine's assumption
of spiritual sovereignty over the state. The at
tempt to obtain state-endowed schools and a
part of the money raised by taxation to sup
port her sectarian schools is confirmatory evi
dence of the same. Rome has denied the right
of the state to educate its children.
Pope Leo has quoted with approval the state
ment ot Pius JX in reference to the right of
the church to educate, independent of secular
limitation. It is as follows: "But toexclude
the church which God himself has constituted
• • * from the teachings of youth * • • is
a creat and pernicious error.'- (Quoted in the
encyclical on "The Christian Constitution of
States.") The determined opposition of the Ro
man hierarchy to our schoul system Is self
evident proof of their adherenceto this papal
tenet. In a Roman Catholic publication, en
titled "Brownson's Vibws,"ana published by
P.erziger Bros., there is an article on "Educa
tion." In it the author says: "Education
should be under church control." » * *
"This sort of education can be given only by
the church or under her direction and control";
and as there is for us Catholics only one
church, there is and can be no proper educa
tion for us not given by or under direction and
control of the Catholic church"(page 61). Again
on page 63 he says: '•The state has no right
to educate. As American citizens we object to
the assumption of the control of education or
of any action in regard to it by the General
Government." On page Gi he asserts: "We
deny, of Course, as Catholics, the right of the
civil Government to educate, for education is
a function oi the spiritual society." On puce
65 he declares: "All education, as all life,
should be religious, and all education divorced
from religion b an evil, not a good, and is sure
in the lorn: run to be ruinous to the secular or
der." That is, in learning arithmetic they
should learn how to string beads, and in learn
ing how toeing "Hall, Columbia!" they should
be taught how to say, "Hail, Mary:"
This is a mere sample of the tone of the
Romish press and pulpit, It manifests their
hostility to American law. Although some
States of the Union have adopted a compul
sory educational law they, in open defiance of
it, erect parochial schools and send their chil
dren to them.
Proposition 2— ''The Pope and priests ought
to have dominion over temporal affairs."
Secular education is a function of the state,
yet Pope Leo sends Satolli here to dictate to
the* American Government in regard to the
education of youth. The laws of the land
make marriage a civil contract, yet Pope Leo
and his priests repudiate the law of the State
and teach that marring© is a sacrament; hence
marriage by civil law — 10 use the Pope's own
words— is "legal concubinnge instead of legiti
mate union." (First Encyclical.) Again, in
regard to the holding of property, the hier
archy as.-ert their right to hold property under
the laws of the church and in defiance to those
of the state. The fact that Pope Leo has dic
tated the political actions of American citizens
proves that he claims authority over the politi
cal powers of his adherents in America. He
has declared that "the constitution of states
should bo modeled after the principles of the
true church."
Proportion 3— "The Romish church and
her ecclesiastics have a right to immunity from
civil law." Civil Ihw taxes pr >perty tor the
use of the state. Rome claims that her church
property should be exempt from taxation.
Civil lftw asserts that aiders and abettors of
criminals are amenable to the civil courts of
the land. Rome teaches that her ecclesiastics
may become cognisant of the most atrocious
crimps In the eon:e.isional-box and be under
no obligation to reveal them to the state.
Here in this country the Romanists have
Bought to exempt their priests from civil juris
diction in various instances. Romish police
men have taken drunken priests to tneir
homes instead of the lockup. In Hun Francisco,
last sprintr, a priest was allowed to testify
without taking the oath required by law.
Civil law in many States requires children to
attend the public schcols, but the Romish
church asserts her right to disregard this law.
civil Jaw declares all marriages performed
by the civil authorities are valid. Rome holds
and teaches that marriage is a sacrament,
hence cannot be performed by civil authori
ties. On January 10, 1880, Pope Leo issued an
encyclical on marriage and divorce, in which
among other ttv.ngs he said: "Marria?e, at
least in all that concerns the substance and
sanctity of the conjugal tie, is unessentially
sacred and religious act which naturally ought
to be regulated by the spiritual power, which
holds this power not as delegated by the state
or by the consent of princes."
In' his first encyclical Pope Leo, after ?peak
ing of some of the modern evils that afflict so
ciety, says: "We are convinced that the cause
oi these evils lies principally in the rejection
of the august authority of the church, which
crfsides over the human race in the name of
God, and is the safeguard or ail legitimate au
thority." • • • "The right of the church to
instruct and educate youth is trampled under
foot." * * • "Oh, that this salutary author
ity had never b«cn neglected or repudiated!
i.'eriHinly tne civil power would never have
lost that august and sacred glory which it re
ceived from religion."
The Roman Pontiff, in sending Satolli here as
an Etnba«saik>r to our Government, set aside the
civil law which teaches there shall be no
union of church and state. In seeking to ob
tain funds from the state for sectarian pur
poses the Romish ecclesiastics have not only
trampled upon constitutional law, but have
enjoyed immunity from the penalty of its vio
lation. Rome claims the right to immure
young women in her convents and refuse them
their liberty w hen they desire to go free. This
is a violation of the laws of civa liberty. If
any other society were to thus rob people of
their liberty the strong arm of the law would
be invoked in their behalf. If Rome does not
claim a right to immunity from civil law why
are such prison pens allowed to exist in our
land?
Proposition 4— "ln case of a conflict be
tween the ecclesiastical and civil powers, the
ecclesiastical ousjht to prevail.' 1
That Rome adheres to this as a fundamental
doc.rine and thapes her policy in the United
States in accordance with it is proved by the
following tacts: First, tor over forty-eight
years the Church ot Rome has been in conflict
with the United Slates Government in regard
to the education of youth. Now, instead of
yielding to ihe laws ot the land and accepting
the system of education sanctioned by law, it
has persistently opposed it, thus proving that
it seeks to prevail in this conflict. To submit
to the civil power would prove its loyaliv, but
to thus stubborniy resist the law? of the' land
is to manifest the disloyalty of the hierarchy
Second, the following-described attempt to set
aside the civil law ia favor of the ecclesiastical
is an illustration of Rome's adherence to the
principle laid down in the above proposition.
Says Mr. Hogan:*
'"While I was a Romish priest in Philadelphia
a consultation was held between the papish
priests in the diocese of Philadelphia, and it
was secretly resolved by them that the best
way of checking Hogau's heresy, as they
termed my advocating the reading of the Bible,
Tins to take possession oi the church in which I
officiated in the name of the Pope. They ac
cordingly wrote to his Holiness, numbly pray
ing thls'mangod to send them out a Bishop
and to give him and his successors in office a.
lease of St. Mary's Church in Philadelphia and
all the appurtenances thereunto belonging.
Accordingly his royal Holiness, the Pope, sent
them a Bishop with the aforesaid lease. I was
immediately ordered out of the church, and
having refused to depart, unless the trustees
thought proper to remove me, thi« emissary of
the Pope, only a few days or weeks in this
country, had me indicted for officiating in St.
Mary's "Church, although 1 had the full and un
divided consent of the trustee-.
"But the Bishop's legal right was questioned;
the case was brought betore the Supreme
Court of Pennsylvania, Chief Justice Tignlman
presiding. I was discharged from bail and
custody, and the rights of tue trustees sus
tained. But the priests and the bishops were
not content with this decision. They put th. ir
heads once more together, and fancied that
they had discovered another mode by which
they could rob the people of their rights, and
defeat the intention of the donors of St. Mary's
Church; and what was their plan, think you,
fellow-citizens? The Bishop called a m<
of all the priests ar.d leading Roman Catholics
in the diocese. Every lay member was ordered
to bring with him a hickory stick (or club).
The meeting was held in the church of St.
Joseph; and at the hour of 12 at night the
Romisn Bishop of the diocese of Pennsylvania,
an Irishman, not more than a few months in
the co jntry, attended in his pontificals, told
the multitude, who were theru assembled, to
lay down their sticks in one pile, in
order that he might bless them for
their use. This was done asa matter of course.
The Bishop said mass, sprinkled holy water
upon the sticks, blessed them, and this done,
the whole party bound themselves by a solemn
vow never to cease until they elccied a Legis
lature in Pennsylvania that uould annul the
charter of St. Mary's Church; and, as an
American citizen, I biush to state the fact, they
succeeded. The charter was annulled by an
act of the Legislature, and property worth over
a million dollars would have passed into the
hands of the Pope and his agents were there
not a provision in the constitution of that
State empowering the Supreme Court to decide
upon the constitutionality of the acts of the
Legislature.
"We brought the constitutionality of the act
beiore the court, Justice Tighlman presiding.
The court decided in favor of the trustees and
myself. This, I believe, is the first attemp:
the Pope has made to establish his temporal
powers in this country. The priests have
headed the papists as a body and have resolved
to carry by tlio ballot-box their schemes."
The history of thirteen centuries bear testi
mony to the fact that Rome has taJten its stand
for the pre-eminence and supremacy of ecclesi
astical law und ecclesiastical authority when
ever the church and state are in presence to
gether and whenever civil and canon law are
in antagonism. In the last fifty years she has
tried it in various countries. She tried it in
England in 1531, when she parceled out the
dominion of Queen Victoria into ecclesiastical
principalities. She tried it la Italy and South
America upon the marriage question. She
tried it in Austria upon the question raised by
the concordat. She has tried in the United
States, Canada and Mexico upon the school
question.
"It has been maintained by the bulls of
Popes, the decrees of councils and the
anethemas of the priesthood. Its record has;
been written in the lurid flames of the auto da
fe, by the bleaching bones of earth's noblest
men and women, by dethroned kings, ex
communicated einpejrors, wrecked nations,
ruined states und impeded civilization.
In a book entitled, "Pope Leo XI.II, His Life
and Letters," by Key. J. P. Talbot, D.D., with
the indorsement of Rev. P. A. McKeiina, there
is an encyclical upon "The Christian Constitu
tion of .States. " The following are some of his
statements:
■ First — just as the end at which the church
aims is by far the noblest of ends, so its power
is the most exalted of all powers, and cannot
be held to be either inferior to the civil power
or in any way subject to it." (Page 372.) This
proves that he sets the church above the state,
On page 383 he says: "But to wish the church,
in the discharge of its offices, to be subject to
the civil power, is a great rashness, a great in
justice. If this were done order would be dis
turbed, since things natural would thus be put
before those which are above nature." * * *
"A well-regulated state cannot be when re
ligion is taken away."
Second— He quotes approvingly Pope Gregory
XVI in his encyclical of August, 1532, where
he says: "Nor can we hope happier results,
either for religion or the Government, from
the wishes of those who are eagerly desirous
that the church should be separated from the
state, and the mutual good understanding of
the sovereign secular power and the sacer
dotal authority be broken up. It is evident
that these lovers of most shameless liberty
dread that concord which has always been
fortunate and wholesome, both for sacred and
civil interests." This is indorsed by the latest
infallible, hence be authoritative.
Third— He condemns as heretical errors the
following vital principles of our National con
stitution: (a) That the people are the source
of civil power. He says (page 334): "From
these decisions of the Popes it is clearly to be
understood that the origin of public power is
to be sought from God himself, and not from
the multitude." To understand the papal
meaning of this statement it is necessary to
quote his previous utterances relating to the
same thing. On pages 370 and 371 he says:
"It is clear that a state constituted on this ba
sis is altogether bound to satisfy, oy the public
profession of religion, the very many and great
duties which bring it into relation with God.
Nature and reason, which command every
man individually to serve God hoiily and re
ligiously • * • binds by the same "the civil
community. * • * States cannot, without a
crime, act as thougn God did not
exist, or cast off the care of re
ligion as alien to them or useless, or
out of several kinds of religion adopt indiffer
ently which they please, but they are abso
lutely bound, in the worship of Deity, to adopt
that use and manner.in which God himself has
shown that he wills to be adored. Therefore,
among rulers the name of God must be holy,
and ii must be reckoned among the first of
their duties to favor religion (Roman, of
coarse), protect it and cover it with the au
thority of the laws, and not to institute or de
cree anything that is incompatible with its
security." As the Romish Church claims to
be the infallible teacher it follows that the
State must learn from her its relation to God
and its duties to him, hence must depend upon
the church for the authority of its laws.
(6.) He asserted that religious liberty was a
crime. "It is a crime for States to treat in the
same way different kinds 01 religion" (p. 384).
Religious equality in the eyes of the law is one
of the cardinal principles of our Government.
(c.) He condemns freedom of thought, speech
and press. "The uncontrolled right of think
ing and publicly proclaiming one's thoughts
is not inherent in the rights of citizens, nor in
any sense to be placed among those thing 3
which are worthy of favor and patronage"
(p. 384).
(d.) He condemns the Declaration of Inde
pendence that "all men are born free and
equal" (p. 331). "From this spring came
those more recent propositions of unbridled
liberty. Of those principles the chief is that
one which proclaims all men, as by birth and
nature they are alike, so in very deed in their
actions of life are they equal, "and each is so
master of himself that in no way does he come
under the authority of another; that it is for
him to freely think on whatever subject he
likes; that no one else has a right of ruling over
others. In a society founded upon these princi
ples government is only the will of the people."
In condemning such a basis of government he
has assailed the fundamental principles of our
republican form of government. I hold in my
possession a book written by a famous Cath
olic author— Rev. J. Balmes— published by
John Murphy & Co., Baltimore, and entitled
"Protestantism and Catholicity Compared in
Their Effects on the Civilization of Europe."
It is highly recommended by priests and
bishops. lii hit chapter upon '"Resistance to
the Civil Power he begs his readers to "bear
in mind the general principles at all times in
culcated by Catholicity, viz.. the obligation of
obeying legitimate authority." (P. 325.)
In order to make the desired application of
this principle, and to explain what he means
by legitimate authority, he puts and answers a
most pertinent question, as follows: "In the
first place, are we to obey the civil power when
it commands something that is evil in itself?
No, we are not; for the simple reason that
what is evil in itself is forbidden by God; now
we must obey God rather than man." (P. 326.)
"In the second p.ace, are we to obey the civil
power when it interferes in matters not in
cluded in the circle of its faculties? No- tor in
regard to these matters it is not a power." (P.
As he contends that the church should be
left perfectly free to enact its own laws, and
whenever the State undertakes to subject the
church to its laws it passes beyond the "circle
of its faculties," it follows that the laws the
church opposes it need not obey.
After establishing his . premises ho lays
down as the logical result of the doctrines
mahitamed by the Roman Catnolic church
"1. ♦* c cannot, under any circumstances,
in?in™£& unjust they are not bind
"3. It may become necessary to obey these
laws from motives of prudence; that is i., or
der to avoid scandal and commotions."
.When we remember that all of the edicts of
the Pope are to them divine law, and that all
laws are unjust that are not sanctioned by the
Pope, we see how that Romanists could resist
our civil rulers without (to them) commltt!
fJB^Pt recognizing their standard of author
ity It is held to be Illegitimate. The facts ad-
(♦"Popery as It Was sod as It Is.")
duced In this article proves that the papal
church as an organization "has politics for
its principles, monarchy for its object and
religion for its garb." It is founded upon for
gery maintained by fraud and defended by
deceit. It has fomented sedition, incited re
bellion, usurped authority ami plundered the
public to pamper its pride. It has slaughtered
freedom, shackled science, cursed progress,
and built its throne of despotism upon the
ruins of liberty. Its priests kneel at the shrine
of bigotry and swear to defend its unholy prin
ciples. Its head, the Pope, as its chief legisla
tor, is held to be infallible. Its record of blood
is whitewashed, and its corruption veneered,
soastomnke it appear beautiful to the eyes
of Americans. Ignorance may revere it, super
stition chant its praises, bigotry defend its
errors, and ambition Hid its designs; but truth
will unmask it, education dissect it, and liberty
oppose it so long as time endures.
y * ° i' t . W. Bowman.
Postscriptum.-I notice that Priest Yorke has
returned to the fray after one day of silence. I
was of the opinion that he had petered ou on
Peter, and had laid down to rest after pettlnß
him safely located at R -me. And if that were
not the reason it must have been that r.e
sought to imitate his Illustrious predecessor.
"Peter the Fisherman," in going fishing, ana
while fishing for suckers caught a whale, ne
alludes to our use of the "scissors" quite : often
as if it were a strange thing. Now, Mr. he i'", r >
I will a tale unfold, and explain why Mr Hut.
--•bell and myself used our scissors to such good
advantage. Under the new papal programme
Priest Yorke has appeared upon the stage as
chief actor in the role of an American with a
new American costume. So we. concluded thai
we would cut him out a suit of clothes from
Roman cloth and let the public view him in
his native costume, Furthermore, we made
use of our scissors in cutting out a plaster to
apply to the papal boil on Uncle Sam s neck.
If we can thus draw the pus out it will give the
patient relief. , .B , - t
In his quotation from our speech at Sulsun it
reads "the American liberty" where it should
be "our American liberty." It so happens that 1
read that portion from manuscript, hence
know the language I used. I am pleased to
learn what quotation he had reference to. My
authority lor the article is Bishop Marvin, who
quotes it'in his book, "Errors of the Papacy.
How does Priest Yorke expect me to verify it?
Does he want me to go to New York and con
sult the file of the Catholic World and bring
the paper to The Call office? If so, $100
would not pay expenses. To offer $100 for an
article that appeared in a weekly journal over
thirty-five years ago is a mere bluff game. His
denial of historic facts do not lessen the value
of the same. Our reason for suspecting his
veracity is that the standard theologians of his
church justify lying, perjury, stealing and
murder.
Our reason for challenging Priest Yorke to de
bate the subject was to prove to the people
that Romanism, like the owl, courted the dark
ness and shunned the light. Of course, it
would have been at the sacrifice of my Ameri
can honor to appear on the same platform with
one who was raised in a land where the pigs
and chickens enjoy the luxuries of the parlor
with the "childers"; but I was willing to
forego that for the sake of the A. P. A. cause.
In regard to "pulpitless preachers," I wish to
remark that if I were called to choose between
being a pulpitless preacher or a bachelor
priest I would choose the former, as there
would be some show of obtaining a pulpit, but
none of having a lawful wife. But he shot
wide of the mark in this case, as none of his
opponents chance to be pulpitless. As for no
toriety, Priest Yorke would never have been
known outside of his narrow circle only for the
A. P. A. Yours for Americanism.
H. W. Bowman.
New special feature. Mourning veil?, bon
nets, hats, toques. 24 Kearny street. Alma
E. Keith, SOB Market street *
NEW TO-DAY.
g< Ili^ Slip $p
FOB
J
A Shower of Gold
would not be more wonderiul than the cures
made by Seventy-Seven.
Mrs. H. B. Downey, 42 W. 98th St., New
York: "I took the New Specific '•77" for
Grippe and It cured me; one small vial."
Bartkam B. Newhall, publisher of the
Lynn (Mass.) "Transcript," says of the 77" for
Grip and Colds: "Acquaintances have had ex-
perience in the use and are loud in praise of
the efficacy of its work. In all my experience
with Humphreys' Specifics there never has
been a case where they have failed to do what
you claim for them."
Mrs. Hugh Mayer, Princeton, Ky., says:
"Several weeks ago I got a trial bottle of your
"77" for Grip and Colds; am so much pleased
with the success of it that I want some more."
"77" will break
up a Cold.
Sold by drug«dsts, or sent prepaid upon receipt of
price. 25c, or rive for $1.00. Humphreys' Medicine
Co., 11l and 113 William St., New York.
ft r^jnuJ'k '**TN. \CWC ' CO
A \Lr£iffl*7 ffiwll)LbS
JIL Join
flffajofity
More WAVERLKTS «old in past three
years than any high grade bicvele
in the world. One WAVEKLET in
a community is invariably the fore-
runner of many more. What does
it mean? Could we for three years
bo successfully deceive so many
people? Or is it proof positive that
the WAVERLKY is built on honest
value lines?
" WEN'S, $85.
] CATALOGUE fREE. LADIES'. $75 and $85.
S&ic^cfe (He.,
J. S. Conwell, Manager,
i 8 and 20 McAllister St., S. F.
1886 RAMBLERS~
HAVE ARRIVED.
1595 Models Will toe Sold for
SSS.OO.
COME WHILE THEY LAST.
\m Ramblers $100.00
IMb Ramblers 85 00
THOS. H. B. VARNEY,
1325 Market st., S. F.
427 S. Spring st.. 3 Angoles.
STORRS'
ASTHMA REMEDY,
KIBBLER'S PHARMACY
1 SW. Cor. Larkin and Turk SU., S. F.ANOTHER FOR CRESCENDO
The Big Chestnut Romped Away
With the Baldwin Hotel
Stakes.
LIBERTINE WAS SECOND.
Favorites Took Most of the Events on
the Card at Ingleside Yes
terday.
All i ipie attended the races at
[ngleside yesterday, and cheered lustily as
Crescendo, ing chestnut son of
Flambeau, spread eagled his field for the
rich Baldwin stakes, worth $1500 to the
winner. The event, on which all interest
was cantered, was third on the card, and
excitement was at fever heat as the race
was called. In the ring a scene of pande
monium reigned as the different well
known plungers piloted their way from
stand to stand, followed by an eager
crowd, anxious to fee what horse each
was backing.
In the opening betting, notwithstanding
the conditions of the stake, which allowed
ndo in at such a sweet weight— 99
pounds — the men on the block offered G
to 5 against him, couuled with his speedy
half-brother Bellicoso. This tempting
price failed to draw out the coin, and T to
6 was scon chalked against the pair, of
which odds the smaller bettors took ad
vantage, it soon being apoarent tlie big
coin was going in on some of the others.
Libertine, carrying top weight, and imp.
Santa Belia both opened at fours, a steady
vlay soon cutting the odds against the
latter down to U> to 5. The filly was par
ticularly heavily backed for the place.
Late in the betting the odds against the
mile-record holder were forced down to
3}£ to 1. Imp. Star Kuby and Installator
both went back in the betting. The
Spreckels duo. l'ai Murphy and Gallant,
were nibbled at by lovers of long shots,
the stable drifting back to <J0 and 7u to 1 in
the bettimr.
As the bugle sounded announcing the
time for the to*t, proud-steppin-r Lioertine
headed the procession to the starting
After a slight delay Caldwell
6wished the red bunting to a somewhat
straggling start. The order away from
the post wa=: BeiliCOSO, imp. Santa Bella,
.^tar Baby, Pat Murphy, Crescendo
and Libertine.
The latter: was unfortunate in being
bumped by Crescendo soon after the flag
isJng considerable ground. Bellicoso
: not clip, there being: but slight
change in an 8 away from the
intil nearing the bend forborne. At
this point the half-brother to Crescendo
vav :• ; nta Bella but a neck, with
Flambeau's big bod third, and making
the front. Once squared
away for the wire, Crescendo assumed the
■ .sixteenth of the
distance, romped past the stand in I:l3 J^,
the track record for the distance. Two
lenerths away, in adesperate drive, Liber
tine took the place from imp. Bt«r Ruby
Earl Cochran on the winner
received a hearty ovation upon returnine
to the btand. After weighing: in he wai
again given the leg up on the mount, and
v ok from the wire the silken bag contain
ing the prize.
The crowd met with ereat success
throughout the Jay in picking the win
ners. Four well-backed first choices fin
in front, while the winners of the
other two events were heavily played.
The Union to the mile dash, when Fer
rier. Pepper and Ed Kearney passed the
noses apart, was the greatest seen
in many m rse Miller put up one
- ol .-time rides on Ferrier and pained
the verdict.
Barney Schreiber"? Yemen was an 11 to
5 choice for the opening dash at live fur
longs with eleven starters, bat failed to
show. Shielubearer, at odds of 5 and 6to
1. won handily froru Empress of Norfolk,
with Repeater finishing in the show.
The speedy Yankee Doodle was an even
money chance for the following race over
six furlongs, and after Perhaps and Ferris
llartman had showod the way until a
furlong from the wire, he came* through
between the pair and won easily by a
short length, with Perhaps in the place.
rbe mile and three-sixteenths handicap
hurdle event resulted in a very clever win
for the 3to 1 favorite-, Burmah. MaratooK
the lead with him after taking the first
jump, and never extended, won by two
"THE CALL" RACING CHART.
Twenty-seventh Day of the Winter Meeting of the Pacific Coast Jockey Club. Weather Fine
• I rack Fast. Ingloido Track, san Franci>co, Saturday, January 1!, 1896.
F^22 ilKfcsT K ACE— Five fnrtongs; selllu?; th.ee-year-olds and upward ; conditions; purse $400.
Horse, age, freight.
-
Vi
405 Phi eld-bearer. 4.. 95 2 1
Ml Emprs of Nrfik.s. 98 »
368 Repeater, 4 92 1 9|
612 .vernal.-. 3. 86 l|
367 ■ ist<?»a, a J»7 7!
BOS Banjo, 5 96 1 5
397 Xewmoon, 3 841 6
328 Canvasback, 3 63: 8 ...".
441 Yenaen.a 105 10
478 Castanette, 3 81 4 ;...
277 I Isabel, 3 99] 11
■ 21
1 h
8b
3h
5h
6 !)
iV*
9 1
12
8%
«
33
11
9
7
51
I*
8
10
1 2
2 3
4 4
3 2
-8
9
5 1/2
6
10
11
1 li>2 E. Jones... j 6 5
2 3 T.Sloan 3 7.3
3h Hewitt 15 20
4 4 Garner 7 5
6Va Cochran 6 10
6Va PigKott 7 7
7 2 H. Brown 30 75
H 3U, Krawley 30 100
9 8 Chorn 5-2 2
10 b Reidy 20 100
11 H.Martin 20 75
Good staru Won easily. Winner, F. Phillips' eh. c, by Imp. Wagner-Mamie Cole Time, 1 .01%.
~^O SECOND BACK— biz furlongs; selling; three-year-olds; allowances; purse 9 400.
Index.
ndex. Horse, weight. I St.! Vi 1/2
(479) Yankee Doodle. . IOS I 4: 3h
513 Perhapu 103 2 1 11
508 'Ferris Hartman.. 106 a| 2h
613 'Kowalskv 108 l! j 41
392 Luclle.... 101 5 6
513 jßrametta 101! 6| i 5 2
Horse, weight.
St.
Vi
I • : i Btr.
» V ; 3 3
1 b 12
2a 2 %
44 4 2
« 0%
5i/ 2 6
Jnrlrer*. Betting.
__________ !__!"!__
Coady i 7-10 1
T. Sloan 10 7
jCuorn I 5 15
Bergen 11-5 6-2
PiKgott 30 100
Garner 1 10 ,';l5
1 y»
24
3 3
44
6 2 I
6
Good start. Won handily. Winner, Cambridge stable's b. c, by Prince Koyal-Manzanita. Time'
1 14' 1.
-') \ THIBD RACK-Six lurlongs; the Baldwin Hotel states; penalties; allowances; value $1900.
Index. j Horse, age, weight, j'ijf. jVi V 2 3 A
csoB)|Crescen<lo, 3 99 5 61 54 32
490 iLibertinp. 6 122 0 6 2 05 6 3
477 Im. Star Kubv,4.105 3 32 32 ! 4 2
477 Bellicose, 4.. '..... 105 1 la 111/' lh
(475)iim. >r;i Bella, 3.. «6 2 3D 21 " 21
(50. r .iilrjstallator, 4 110 7 ! 78 73 7
(428) Tat .Jlurphy, 4. 102 4 43 4 Vi 6
520 Gallant. 4 105! 8 8 ; 8 .8
Str.
I Betting.
Op. cl.
IV2
5 4.
4 2
2 2
3 2
7
64
8
1 3
2 ns
34
I 44
54
c b
74
8
jf'ochran
blackliu
Garner
JLaiDle
T. Sloan
Doggett
Piggott
Chorn
6-5
4
6
•
4
10
40
*•
7-5
7-2
8
16-5
26
75
*•
fair start. Wou easily. Winner. Paeblo •table's co. <^, toy Flambeau-Janet N. Time, J :13^4.
:•••-. • < o'ljiied witii Ci.-M-i-ii>k.. ' 1 <)ii|/!(il w -it'h l'iu Murpliy.
At
>V,)X ''' '.ii! RATE— One mile and three-sixteenths; over five hurdles; four-year-olds and up-
• >_ >). yard; nurse »400-
Index.] Horse, age, weight. I St. Std. Vi Va j % Str. j Fin. Jockeys. r ettXa
(515)1 Bnrmali, ; 186 Til IK, 12 14 16 12 J.Mara. ~2 " 3
438 Cicero, a ISO 2 a 61 41 -1 _ 33 21) J.Owens 5 6
M 9 islf«:ur,B. . 138 874 4V 2 '-Mi 2.' 2 A 38 Her mossy 3 5
491 IJm'lJWmj, * .'..'.1-AO 6 5V\ 71, 6J/5j 6% 710 43 : E.Finn 8 12
615 iTenip!t;njore, a.. .180 7 :-i )i 23 53 6% &U 5% Kennedy. 3 3
4-7 Bilv, ra.lo, a. 180 1 43 .".: .. 7 4 17 10 4 2 6 3 .McOtillough 8 5
fiO7 rke_,4 130 32h 3% 31 S"2 V_ '7 20 lligjrfns 20 60
609 Loiiuif B. a 1:0 6 (>'- 9 " 9 9 9 BV2 I W. King 20 30
513 Capt. .Spenc«T.a,.l3fl 981 84 J8 6 88 88. 9 jKolao lao 100
, Fin.
J. Mara.
J. Owens
Hentjessv
E.Finn
Kennedy.
McOtillough
Hlgjrina
W. King
Itolan
2
5
3
8
3
8
20
20
20
8
f
5
13
3
5
60
80
100
... •■, • . \V. OB. Kacdonough's b. g., by Bersou-Kair Ladj
'>»• I( I 'i ii K.\< X— one mile; three-year-olds aud upward; penalttes; purse $400.
b. p., by
Index. | Horse. a weight. I St. jVi V 4 3 A Str. j Fin. Jockeys. \o£ ttil %\
477 JFerrlor.U 120 "IT"'-' 13 11~12 j 111 Miller.. j~4 6
(5)6) Pepper, 4 115 l: 53 56 42 *5 2ns Mcliugh 8-29-5
014 hi Kearuey, 5....117 3 3Vi Sh ' 82 2% ,3 10 I>o Kg eu ........ 8-5 13-6
106 Nephew, & 117 4 8 6 6 6 4 1 jßallard j -JO 100
372 -Mwlercc:o,4 107 6; 41 4 3 2Va 3% 510 Garner 4 7-2
Meatiow Jjirk, 4. .109 6| IVa 2h 56 5 6 T.Sloan |20 15
Good ftnrt. Won" driving. Winner, W. 8. Ilobart's cU. b., by Falsetto.imp. Cinderella. Time.
a. At post 12 minutes. •. ; ' _________
\ i ) 7 SIXTH RACK— rive furlongs; selling; three-year-olds and upward; conditions; purse $400.
-'.
Vi
J;cU!;i-.
Op. Cl.
1 1
4 2
8 2
6
IS
12
4 :.
3 Vz
5
In
i Ins '
8 10
41
5 10
■
Miller.. 4
'McHußh 8-2
80Kgett. ........ 8-5
Ballard j -JO
Garner 4
T.Sloan '20
6
9-5
13-6
3 00
7-2
15
<_l .
4_cj ilorse, age. weight. St.! Vi | % : 3 /i j -^ r - j ■ «_,
503 Fly. 5 951 ~6~j....... 13 14 ,1 3 13
501 Midlo. 3 80 4! 1 . > 10 I 2h 28 23
601 Gold Bug, 5... .99 3j - x / 2 i *8 3 3 3h
222 Motile 4 90 '-' ........ 42 ' { 'i '43 .46
511 l)ouGara,3 98 1 ...:.... 31 510 62 51
418 lArctic, 5 10»: 5 ,| 616 « 6
ilorst-, age. weiKht. j
I Betting.
| Op. Cl.
1 3
2 8
3 1i
. 46
51
8
T. Sioan
Hewlu
E. Jones
7-10 1-2
5-2 7-2
0 12
6 lf»
« 30
10 100
i Gamer
PlggOU
H. Martin
UOOJ star.. \Vo;j
. winner,
stabie'u eh. g., by
Last. Time,
lengths. In a drive Cicero secured second
place from Mestor by a neck. The winner
covered the distance" in 2 :11»^.
Six started in the mile dash", with Pepper
ruling an 8 to 5 favorite. Eu Kearney,
strongly fancied by his owner, was a pro
nounced second choice. Moderocio and
Ferrier were the next most fancied. Fer
rier was first away when the flas fell, but
wus almost immediately passed by Meadow
Lark, who showed a spasmodic burst of
speed for a quarter. Ferrier soon had the
lead again, turning into the stretch a
length in front of Ed Kearney. The pair
were soon on nearly equal terms and a
furlong from the wire were joined by Pep
per. Then the most exciting drive seen
on a local track in months ensued. With
all three riders resorting to whip and steel
the three passed the wire in the time-hon
ored blanket finish. Ferrier's chestnut
nose was in front and the last few jumps
Pepper poked hia nose ahead of Ed Kear
ney's, taking the place. The mile was
covered in 1 :42.
Fly, the 2 to 5 favorite, made a runaway
race* of the last event over five furlongs,
winning as he pleaded from Midlo. Gold
Bug finished third.
Track and Paddock Itemst
Thomas 11. Williams Jr. was numbered
among the spectators. The president of
the old Jockey Club held a ticket on
Ferrier.
If Earl Cochran, who rode Crescendo,
were to visit a phrenologist none of his
bumps would prove as expensive as the
one he gave Libertine. The judges fined
him $100.
Nineteen bookmakers weighed in yes
terday. The Baldwin Club, Clarke & Co.
and Cooke & Co. were the new comers.
The many friends of the popular jockey,
] George Miller, are greatly pleased to see
him if gaining his old form. His ride on
I Ferrier could not have been surpassed.
Fred Cowan was hurrying: around the
ring picking up G to 5 against imp. Santa
I Bella for the place wherever he could find
; it. The St. Nicholas Club took one bet of
I $500 irom him.
Riley Grannan was another ardent
admirer of Mr. Macdonou^h's filly. The
| "Doy" plunger backed her to win ail
i around the ring.
'Cad" Irish, considered one of the
shrewdest bettors on the turf, stayed by
I Crescendo and won a good sum.
Walter Hobart, the young millionaire
turf man, strayed into the ring as the
i horses were going to the post and viewed
the race with some Libertine tickets in his
pocket.
Shieldbearer was fancied by the public
more than by his owner, Frank Phillips,
who thought the track too dry for hm:
and backed the horse bat lightly.
Libertine is certainly unfortunate in his
stake engagements. In two of the stakes
: run off at the Bay District he fared much
the worse for the starts, and in yesterday's
race was knocked against the rail soon
after the nag fell, losing three or four
length?. Of course to a horse of such great
striding powers this accident would lie a
powerful factor in aiding toward his de
feat. But when the ease with which the
j winner captured the race is considered it
! looks as though even barring this draw
back there could have been no material
change in the result.
Covincton & Co., under new management.
Winning cards guaranteed each day. Give us
a call. Room 53, Chronicle building.
! Habitually Forgot to Wind His Watch.
Amcng the absent-minded notables
■ vrhose memory furnishes a fund for the
\ story-tellers is" recalled the late James S.
| Wiley, fur many years a distinguished
• lawyer in Piscatsquis County, and once a
| member of Congress from the Fourth
' District, who used to have trouble with his
! watch. It bad a habit of stopping several
times a week, and in every case it had run
! down. His dealer would, wind it, and
; sugeest to Mr. Wiley that the next time it
: stopped he should adopt that simple
method of starting it. But in a few days
Mr. Wile}' would appear again wich tttat
timepiece, and before he had tried to set
!it in motion b3' winding it. And it is re
lated that he would be just as surprised as
; if the same thing had never before occurred
when shown that a limp spring was respon
sible for all the trouble. We have no
doubt the story is true, for we have known
lof equally incredible lapses— such as
! that of the Maine professor who got into
; his bathtub with his clothes on.— Lewiston
; (Me.) Journal.
Vegetarian Roots.
"Vegetarian boots" are advertised in
I London, and are recommended to all who
wish to do away with the killing of ani
mals for the supposed necessities of man.
The uppers are made of ''pannus corium"
j and tne soles of waterproof flax belting.
; One of these days it will occur to some one
I to ask why it is not as bad to take the life
'■ of a vegetable as the life of an animal.
j And then a "Society for the Prevention of
j Cruelty to Vegetables" will be established
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 12, 1896.
.^^-^-^^^^w^^^^^^^^^^^^^^.^.^^ ] NEW TO-DAY-DRT GOODS.
■ — . — ..^3^-.p.4©=r£- , . . J' '>J . *
BLACK DRBSS BOOHS ' When 1 uallt y and stylishness are taken into consideration ALL PRE- htttt nm A TimiirriTlll l
JJUIIUJi JJIILOO QUUUO . v , ous REDUCTIONS ARE TOTALLY ECLIPSED by the STARTLING SILK DEPARTMENT!
At 25 cents. CUTS IN PRICES quoted on the items of Silks and Dress Goods with
45 teiSHSffaj^^ which we continue our GREAT MIDWINTER' CLEARANCE SALE, for we oheSS'bubah
yard have now reached some of THE CHOICEST AND MOST FASHIONABLE Silk, marked down from ?i to soc a
At so cents FABRICS embraced in our vast surplus stock, and the lines specially
35 pieces 50 inch all pure wool selected for clearance this week have been marked down REGARDLESS OF At so Cents a Yard.
f™Z L £l\ G^ EVIO marked down SACRIFICE ! 400 yards 24-INCH COLORED SILK
from 7oc to 503 a yard. «jnvl\ii ivu -"■, . PLUSH, marked down from $1 25 to
** * ■ * t J ■*■-* *-*' *-^ ** * HluLl.ijfcV*4 UUn XX ITO 111 v-L *~nJ LO
M4 *»•«-■ AL ,woo L TO FORCE THEM OUT IMMEDIATELY! L,.**..*.*.
27 pieces 41-INCH FINE ALL-WOOL XVI V/IAVU 1 llUill VUi 1 111 111 JJ U I II 1 IJJJ i> At 65 Cents a Yar d.
FRENCH CREPON, former price $1, — — — — IZ — — — ! ; — 500 yards 22-INCH FANCY STRIPED
will be placed on sale at 50c a yard. ~~ ~ — ~~~ ~ ; — — — — ; — BENGALIS E. marked down from
mi rtRFn ns£QQ onniK nsiPnoTMirsyT? * ad
37 pieces EXTRA HEAVY ALL-WOOL WLUntU UKt55 - UUUUS BtrflHlMtHl! „_<»_ dt h.nv tiwupta -it,
STOkm ct-pn? ,«o^ir«H nn . n *«^w. .-. :■ 000 yards r> LA OK lArx iv i A with colored
oiuKai isxi/rUjriij, marked down from : ■ — — i >. „_„ .-.0-i.-j ^,,.^, f^-.« ci o- ♦« "-^.
7f>p to V)r> a var-A ... nn . -_ ".- iigures. marked aown from $1 20 to <oc
-" NOVELTY DRESS GOODS! PLAIN AND FANCY FABRICS! »— --
«r,;«, M ATTl^T^vDAnwnt-,, At "25 Cen^ At 75 Cents. 1500 yards Cents a Yard FRAN-
33r.i>cp9 \tt wonr TMPorTFn ptp 140 Pieces 36-INCH FANCY SCOTCH SUITING, knickerbocker 52 Si mentis. 5J2& a^ A f 1500 yards COLORED FAILLE FRAN-
TTRFni't'Tfv «Si?i 1 J f^oriiV; 1M riw« %-INCH FAXCY smTTU QTTTTTVP i-r >torK^v« T M P ioces 3S " INCH SILK AND WOOL FANCY TARTAN CAISE SILK, in evening and street
of designs, marked down from «£ a £ effect, regular price 50c, will be closed out at 25c a yard. PLAIDS - regular price ?1, will be closed out at 75c a yard. shades, marked down from ?1 25 to 75C
50c a yard.  o « - At 35 Cents. a yard.
i-; i . ,1 t^tt » vJv'cau C T ce n ts * 88 pieces 44-INCH ALL-WOOL NAVY STORM SERGE, regular
lio pieces 41-INCH FANCY SUITING, in checks and stripes, price 50c, will be closed out at 35c a yard. At $1.00 a Yard^
At 65 Cents. regular price 50c, will be closed out at 25c a yard. At . 50 Cents. 600 yards BLACK POLKA DOT GROS-
-85 pieces 54-INCH ALL-WOOL ENGLISH At 3 5 Cents. 78 pieces 46-INCH EXTRA FINE ALL-WOOL ENGLISH nJ i iy > I , SlLl > vvu Ji -V;', 1 " 1 "^ 1 St /in Pe|
SERGE, reduced from $1 to 65c a yard. 122 pieces 38-INCH ALL-WOOL FANCY MOHAIR SUITING,. NAVAL STORM SERGE, regular price 90c, will be closed marked do*n from $1 oO to *l a yard.
broche effects, regular price 50c, will be closed out at 35c yard. out at s°° a yard.
At 50 Cents At 75 Cents. At $1.00 a Yard.
At 75 Cents-. 03 nieces 4^-INCH FINE ALT WOOL ' HOVTHtV rHFPK« 52 pi ces 52-INCH SUPERIOR ALL-WOOL IMPERIAL 600 yards 24-INCH BLACK SATTIC
25 pieces 54-INCH ALL-WOOL FRENCH ' elegant colorings, regular price $Lwili Tbe cFosed ou^a? 50c a f™£ SERGE ' regular price fife, wiUbe closed out at 75c DUCHESSE, marked down from 150
DIAGONAL, reduced from $125 to 75c yard. a yard. to $1 a yard.
a yard. At 50 Cents. At oO Cents.
52 pieces 54-INCH GOOD ALL-WOOL SCOTCH CHEVIOTS, 115 pieces 52-INCH ALL-WOOL LADIES' CLOTH, in plain and
A . o - ~ , mottled eifects, regular price $1, will be closed out at 50c yard. mixed colors, regular *>rice will be closed out at P soc yard xir^i wprri
At Sa Cents. At 75 c „ At 75 Cents. SILK VELVET !
38 pieces 47-INCH EXTRA FINE ALL- gG . 40-INCH ALL-WOOT AVn Qnirivnwnm 92 pieces 56-INCH ALL-WOOL ENGLISH TWILLED KER-
TSStJZESI. B y iT E ' re - §3wS DRESS GO^^^ec^.Vre^stnTS^ S'JSSSB? 1 CLOTH ' reßU "' r " rice B 50 ' wi " bG closed At $1.15 a Yard.
aucea worn -010 coca yard. effects, regular price $125 and $1 50, will be closed out at 75c a out at .5c a yard. At . *, n^ 750 yards COLORED ALL-SILK VEL-
yard. . At *I.UO. VET, marked down from $3 to $115
\t on r^nf At 75 Cents. 70 pieces 43-INCH ALL-WOOL FRENCH HABIT CLOTH, new a yard. •
At* ™™, fit w, >vtp a ttt^ a ,n, « » ieces 44 and 54 INCH ALL-WOOL BOUCLE SUITING, regu- shades ' regular price $l 50 ' wiU be closed out at $1 aJ' rcl -
al£wooL FNCI "toimi lar price $1 and $1 25, will be closed out at 75c a yard. ' g At 75 Cents. & : £ At $1 15 a Yard
SERGE, reduced from $150 to 90c a A $1.00. 63 pieces 44-INCH ALL-WOOL FIGURED MOHAIR SUITING, goo yards CHANGEABLE SILK VEL-
yard. ' 37 pieces 50-INCH ALL-WOOL FRENCH NOVELTY SUITING P , colorln S 8 i regular price $1 25, will be closed out at 75c VET, marked down from $2 50 to $1 15
regular price $1 50, will be closed out at $1 a yard. * ' a yard. a yard.
DRESS LEWFTHBMD REMNANTS. - At $10 50 5 -' B^^^Ssf^^B?sffgSS 4 1 S^ Di |ESS LENGTHHSD REHiIAHTS.
DRESS LENGTHS AND REMNANTS « fflut-Aro-wgoL hjbh novelty crepon BinTs,r p oNALs^ nnroo iriinTtJo llin nruHIUTO
uiiLuu luiiuimu niib llLinnnillO. regular price $20, will be closed ©at at $10 50 a suit. $1 a yard. DRESS LENBTHS AND REMNANTS
Our vast accumulation of Dress Lenerths
and Remnants, including a great variety
of weaves, textures and fabric?, will be
cleared out at enormous reductions.
lyjjf Murphy Building, /
Market and Jones Streets,
HELP FOR THE PRISONERS
The Salvation Army Offers to
Aid and Reform Dis
charged Convicts.
AMENDING THE PENAL LAWS.
Prison Directors Appoint a Committee
to Offer Suggestions to the
Code Commission.
The State Board of Prison Directors met
yesterday at San Quentin prison, De Pue,
Devlin, Xtff ana Fitzgerald being pn- snt
L. Wadhams, expert fur the board, re
ported on the condition of prison iinances
for the quarter ending December 31, 1835,
THE GUT OF THE DIRECTORS TO MR. DEVLIN.
according to which the general cash
account had in bank £9455 .;*;, fa vault
$182 16, making a total of $!)«.i7 4\t belong
ing to the State. The prisoners' cash
account showed in bank and vault,
$3242 50. The available funds on hand
were: General appropriation fund, $90,
--530 90; State prison fund, $2'),208 05; jute
revolving fund, $19,040 32- cash on hand
|9637 49.
The Code Commissioners asked for in
formation and suggestions as to changes
in prison laws, and Directors De Piie,
Devlin and Fitzgerald were appointed to
act as a committee in conjunction with
Wardens Aull and Hale in preparation of
the required information.
Reports were received from the several
paroled prisoners and read by Warden
Hale. They contained favorable news j
that proved the men out of prison on I
parole were living up to their new rule '
of life.
Senator Sewell appeared on behalf of R.
P. Crailwick and Charles Ossood, who were
sentenced to twenty years' imprisonment
from Lake County in 1891 for murder com
mitted in the "white cap" outrages. He
asked for a commutation of the sentence
in each case to eight years, which, with
credits already accrued, would allow the
prisoners to go free eight months from
now. The reply was that although the
board had previously considered these
cases carefully, and returned the petition
without recommendation, it would review
1GT975 pairs FULL SIZE WHITE BLANKETS (manufactured by the Goiden a X^™s&*°%Z
Gate Woolen Mills, San Francisco), cost to make $6.12', on sale at $4.90 a pair. SS'S donfront table at greatly
gf (/ Murphy Building, J mif Murphy Building, /
Market and Jones Streets, Met and Jongs Streets.
Senator Sewell's claims if presented In
writing with all the evidence from the
prosecution. He also offered a, petition on
behalf of William l'ettis, sentenced in 1891 to
ten years from Mendocino County for man
slaughter, praying for parole. The request
was taken under advisement.
Tapers which had been laid before the
Governor j.raying for executive clemency
in the case of Rev. E. E. Rowland of Los j
Angeles, who was convicted of perjury, I
were referred to the board. The prison j
register showed that Howland, who styled
himself a "minister of the gospel,"*had
been convicted July 17, 1895, in Los Ange
les for swearing falsely to a complaint ac
cusing a man of disturbing a religious
meeting. He is serving a sentence of two
years at San Quentin. The petition was
returned to the Governor without recom
mendation, as letters from the District At
torney «nd sentencing Judge were not
favorable.
Captain McFee of the Salvation Army
submitted a plan which the army bus had
under consideration for assisting dis
chargd prisoners.
"I would like to have the names of pris
oners about to be discharged, 1 ' he said;
"say about thirty days before they are let
out. Then the army could learn every
thing about the man and see what couid
be done for him. We have members of
the army all over the State who could take
care of discharged prisoners recommended
by us from here. Our main plan is to re
move prisoners as far as possible from
their old associations."
Director Devlin remarked that it would
1>' 1 advisable for the captain to confer with
Warden Hale and the chaplain and come
back at the next meeting with a better idea
of what should do done.
"This is a very important matter," paid
the Warden; "I have given it considerable
study, ard we don't want to go into it un
advisedly."
"Exactly, that's what we want to do,"
reniied MuFee— "to co-operate with the
Warden and you, gentlemen."
"There is no question," added Chairman
De Pue, "that there should be some one to
look afier prisoners when discharged. We
turn thorn out with $5 and a suit of
clothes, and very frequently have them
back again. They ought to be taken in
hand, sailors put on ships, tradesmen al
their trades and others given employ
ment."
"That is our programme of practical re
form," Oaptain McFee said.
The Warden stated that Governor Budd's
feelings were that the prisoners should be
taken care of after leaving the orisons,
and he had no doubt but that an appro
priation would be made for that purpose
by the next Legislature. This closed the
discussion and the board went into private
session.
FAREWELL TO DEVLIN.
Director Devlin, whose term of office
has expired, was tendered a farewell
banquet last, night by the prison officials
in Warden Male's residence. In the after
noon Mr. Devlin was given a pleasant sur
prise, which Vas not the least affecting
feature of the most agreeable ending of
his oiiicial career.
After the directors returned from lunch
eon he was invited into the clerk's office,
where he found the Commissioners and
some prison officers. On the desk waa a
beautiful case covered with flowered silk,
which Mr. Devlin eyed curiously.
The Warden, without much ceremony,
deputed Director Fitzgerald to deliver a
farewell speech, and Mr. Fitzgerald offered
the best wishes of the board for the success
of the retiring director, who was assured
of the hish esteem and lasting friendship
of his colleagues. At the close of the ad
dress Mr. Fitzgerald opened the silk-
I'uvered case and exposed to view a mag
nificent salad service, half silver and half
gold, and an engrossed card bearing the
inscription:
Presented to the Hon. R. T. Devlin with their
best wishes for his success and prosperity by
his colleagues on the State Board of Prison
Director*, E. J. lie Pue, .T. 11. NefV. D. K. Hayes,
K. M. Fitzgerald aud officers of the California
Htate Prison at San Qucntin, W. E. Hale, J.
V. Ellis, J. C. Edpnr, J. F. Birlem, J. L. T harp
J. C. Jamieaon, W. >r. Lawlor, F. G. Lindsav
F. Woods, T. Wilkinson, C. E. Alden, H. S.
Chappelear, A. Drahins, J. D. Vanderbilt, P. F.
Horinger, E. V. Ellis, E. F. Young, E. J. Pullen,
F. F. Werner aud C. J. Walden. January 11.
1896.
Director Devlin responded with words of
regret that he should have to leave his as
sociates, and with a deep sense of the kind
ness and friendly feelings that had existed
between him and them.
GERMAN SALVATIONISTS.
A Now Army Branch Has Been Opened
for Natives of the Father
land.
The Salvation Army took a new de
parture in its worK last Thursday night by
opening the first German corps on the
Pacillc Coast.
New York, Brooklyn, Philadelnhia, Cin
cinnati and Chicago have German corps,
which have been found to do such effective
work that a number of natives of the
Fatherland whose lot is cast in this City
and who are interested in army work
have been clamoring for the establishment
oF a German corps here. Accordingly,
suitable quarters were taken, soldiers '»»ere
detailed for the work, and last night the
corps was opened with a large attendance
and plenty of enthusiasm.
Rooms at 61t> Merchant street have been
chosen as the headquarters of the new
German work. There is a good-sized hall
in which meetings will beheld every night
in the German tongue. Lieutenant Kuhne,
•tvho recently made her farewell from
Woodland, has been j>laced in charge of
the work. Lieutenant Villiger has been
appointed her assistant.
The new branch will devote its energies
to caring for the material as well as the
moral welfare of the German people in
this City. There will be a Bureau of In
formation as well as an employment bu
reau. Information will be given to Ger
man strangers in the City, and if required
respectable lodging-houses will be found
for them. The branch will also be fur
nished with copies of the German War
Cry, published in Now York City.
Weli-informed Hungarians estimate that
fully 750.0 CX) of tbeir people have found
homes injthe United States. According to
United States Treasury statistics there are
242,702. Many of them are in Pennsylva
nia.
THE STOCK MAftKET.
Stocks were considerably higher again yesterday
aud sales were lively, especially after! the board,
when Occidental ran up to $1 'JO under sales of
6000 shares. Alpha touched 40c, Hale & Noioross
$1 45, Con. Cal. & Va. $2 70, Ophlr $1 (50, Best <£
Uelcber ?1 05 and so on. (.'hollar wa3 active at I
75@S5c .
All stocks were off again at the close.
NOTES.
The only mining assessment delinquent In the j
■•'' ■— - v • ■ . -1
%m\J Murphy Building,
Market ami Jones Streets. |
boarJs this weeK. will be the^Occidunial Consoli
dated o? 1?, cents per share on Friday.
The members of the new Gold Mining Exchange
in this City arc to meet to-morrow and adopt a con
stitution a:id by-laws and pay in $50 each formem
bersMpa.
The delinquent assessment sales of the Choliar
and Mexican take place Tuesday.
The annual meeting of the Sierra Nevada takes
place Wednesday and that of the Belcher on the
28th.
John J. Valentine, president of Wells, Fargo <fc
Co.. has Issued an elaborate statement of the
bu lion product of the coast for 1H95 as follows:
California, $14,447,912; Nevada, $2,581,913; Or
egon, $1 852,430; Washington, $552,467; Alaska,
$1,469,420; Idaho, $7,426,898; Montana, 837,832,
--500; Utah, $9,222,052: Colorado, $'28,545,659:
New Biexico, $2,499,586; Arizona, $7,363,778;
Dakota, $3,688,785: Texas, $387,340; Wyoming,
$37,250; British Columbia, $267,654. Total, $118,
--164,642.
The amount is maie up as follows: Gold. 41.19
per cent, $48,667,383; silver. 'J9.85. $XV274,777;
copper. 22.89, $27,052, 115; lead, 6.7. $7,170,367.
valued In tlie statement at 65 cents, cop
per 11 cents and lead H.'2'S coots. The production
is tl?e largest since 1891.
The weekly statement of the Con. Cal. <fe Va. Is
as follows: 1550 level— Continued repairing and
easing timbers in the south drift on the ru;iiu floor
(tirst floor above tho sill floor of this level). An
east crosscut started at a point 171 feet in from the
mouth of this south drift has been advanced 21
feet. In the bottom of the face of thi* crossc.it
there is a streak of ore 2 feet witie, dipping to the
east, assaying 535 per ton.
The sixteenth rloor (eighth floor above the siil
floor of this level) opeuinc has been enlarged to 40
feet in length, showing ore in thn top 2 feet in
w rith at the uorth eti<l assaying $32 50 per ton.
Have exlracted from this opening and from the
ninth and tenth floors at thenorrt. end of the stopes
:-2 tons of ore, average assay of which, per sum
pies taken from the, cars in the mine, was $45 50
pr ton.
1750 level— From the fifth, sixth and seventh
floors above the sill floor of this level opened ont
through upraise 2 are extracting some ore north
alonjr the west side of the openings, shovlnsj a
width of from 3to 5 feet, assaying $25 to $35 ]>er
West crosscut started at point 171 feet in from
moutt of south drift run from end of the south
east drift on the sill floor of this level has Deen
I extended 39 feet through quartz and broken
I ground assaying $3 to $8 per ton.
From fifth, sixth nnd seventh floors Dpralse 2
•nd from north end of stope in old ground of
former workings 011 the ri!:een:li and sixteenth
floors have °xtrncted 169 'ons Of Ore, average
a:i-ay value of winch per samples taken from cur!
in mine was $36 65. Total extraction ot ore from
miue for week amounted to '201 tons, average
assay value of which per samples from curs when
raised to surface was $37 80 per ton.
Have reopenod ana timbered the northwest drift
from main west drift from the C. and C shaft for a
distance of 19 feet or a total distance of 207 feet
northwest from the mouth of west crosscut that !
connects with stopes in the west side of the minp. |
An upraise started at the 207 point in this drift i
has been curried tp 12 feet in porphyry and quartz, ;
showing little -pots and tine lines of ore.
1000 level — North drift from the Con. "Vir
ginia shaft station on this level has been ad- |
vanced 26 feet, passing through porphyry and clay
separations. Total length of drift, 851 feet. Mor
gun mill in the closing run worked 29 tons of ore,
average assay value of which, per battery samnles,
wasf'J4 80 per ton. Bullion shipped to the office
in San Francisco, assay Value $13,-190 99.
folloviing Are the Highest Prices Daring
the Fast Week.
STOCK.
Alpha
Alta.
Andes
Belcher
Best & Belcher. .
Bodie
Bullion
Bulwer
Caledonia
Challenge
Chollar... 1 .
Con. Cal. <fc Va..
Confidence
Crown .Point....
Gould * Curry.
Hale & Norcross
Mexican
Mono
Ophir
Overman..;
Occidental
Potosi
5avage...;.'. ....
Sob;. Belcher
Sierra Nevada..
Uni0n............
Utah.'...........:
Yellow Jacls.-:'.- ■
1'
1
1;-
-i
4
\ 27 40
11 10
, 23 I 29
30 32
98 1.05
40 43
18 19
...... 10
09 09
.S3 84
85 85
2.55 2.70
1.20 1.20
| 26 26
hi BO
1.401 1.45
70 71
06
1.50 1.60
20 21
1.00 1.20
• 61 83
•M 34
10 11
«1 61
i 4b 48
06 06
; ! 47 60
IV
I.S
5"
l.'.'i
"
' i'.'eo
-'1
83 79 77
70 66 65
39 35 35
13 12 11
70 68 6H
64 »] 01
07 OS 07
69 65 54
I
5
5
1
i
1
1
i
6l!
,1' i•* BOARD SAULS.
I Following were the sales in the San FrancUco
I Stocic Board yesterday ;
j KMOLABJIOBMINn mwmnif COIfURKCIVO AT9- 30
! 700 A1pha. ....29 300 Challnee..34jl3sO Occidtll.os
I 800 AH» 10 950 2.651500 Ophir 155
100 Andes 29 100 & C 56750 160
50 Belcher.... 3Vßoo 55600 Potosi" 62
800 B A 8..1.05 100U&N..1.45 200 • ""63
j 100 Bodle 4". 60 .........1.40 550 SavkVe""34
200 8u11i0n.. .19 500 Justice. 400 ties Bel 11
100 Ch0Uar....85 100 Mexicn...7l 500 8 lev 6
400 «•• "jW'HjO- 70 100 Union c::48
300 ...... .....82 160 66 300 YJack«..49 I
450 bi&UU MU & C..23 100 „... 50 J
(Jrlf Murphy Building, /
illalibl ullll Juilua ullGulkJ.
Following were the sale* in the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday :
K.ccrt,ut flßnrns - -i1:?i.
800 A1pha..;..30 1000 Caleda. .o9 1600 0cc1d.. 1.05
500 ...'. 26*250 Conn. 1.17' ■. 1.00
500 25 4000 Con 1m..U2'800 99
1200 Alta 10 4000 03800 Ophir... 1.65
600 Andes 500 CNY 06500 I.6'<Ji/a
300 28 800 C Point. 300 1.6<5
600 8e1cher....31 1200 Kxcnqr .09 400 1.57 V*
400 30,900 Git C 55 100.. . 1.55
300 B<feß 400 53800 Ovrmn.. . 21
400 991200 62400 20
800 I.O'JIA'4OO H«£N 1.42%' 1200 Potosl ...66
1500 1.0&1100 1.4U900 65
600 1.071/2200 13/ 400 64
300 Bodie 42 500 1.35 600 63
600 8u11i0n... .18 500 Julia 03 600 60
400 Bulwer....ll!1000 Justice.. o4 600 Savage. ....ii
600 C1m115e....33 800 Kenick....O7 800 32
'200 31.1000 L Wash.. o2 700 .. 31
600 Cn0uar....77 900 Mexican.. 7l 1500 ScorpionOS
600 78 500 70 800 SB Ail... 11
400 80400 69 500SNev 63
800 700 68 tOO 61
400 S3 600 67 500 60
900 ...80 1000 M0n0... .06 1000 Sil Hi 11. .03
400.. 87 900 Occid.... 1.20 1200 Union C.48
200CC4V...2.60 800 1.15 1000 Utah ...07
300 .....26' 8 500 1V 8 900 V Jacket.. 6o
450 2.^5.600 1.10600 ....49
1200 2.70 800 1.07% 500 48
500 2.7. 1
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
SATURDAY. Jan. 11—12 ir.
Bul.Askrdj Aid. Asked.
Alpha Cod -'6 27 Jackson — 40
Alia ' 10 12 Julia. 01 03
Andes 25 Justice. 04 05
Belcher 30 31 Bentucn. 06 07
Best&Belcne& 96 93 Lady Wasn.... 01 02
BentonCon — 40 Mexican tig 68
Bodie ...#. 40 42 Mt. Diablo 15 20
Bullion 17 18 Mono 06 08
Bulwor _ 10 11 Nevada 04 06
Caledonia 09 10 Occidental 1.00 1.05
Challenge Con. 30 32 Ophir 1.60 1.55
Choliar 75 76 Overman 20 '."I
Con. CaL Va.2.55 2.60 t'otosi 68 60
Con. Imperial. 02 03 havasre ... 30 81
Confidence... .. 1.15 I.2o>eft. Belcher... HI 11
Con.NewYoric. — 06 Sierra Nevada, 59 61
Crown Point... 24 "5 ! Scorpion. ... 03 —
Eas'.siierraN«» — 04 SilTer Hill ... — 03
Exchequer..... 09 10 Silver King.... 20 —
Eureka Con — 25 Syndicate 02 —
Gould «fe Curry. 50 52 Union Coa 46 48
Hale J: Noruw.l.".o 1.35 Utah 06 07
lowa 02 04) Yellow Jaciss. 48 69
STOCK A>Tl> BOVD EXCHANGE.
SATURDAY, Jan. -10:30 A. v.
I'N'ITKD STATES KINDS.
Act Altai. ; ■■'■.::>■. -JIUL Atkedj
V 545c0up..107% — |U 64s reg...107% —
::V.. MTSCKItAXKOCS BONDS.
Cal-stCbless.lO»s(4lloViil>o. 2<i !ss 6s. — —
CalElecL6s.lO6 — ' I'&O J'.y 65.107 —
CntraC\Vss. — lOOi/Jl'ACh Ry 65.102 -
JDpnt-st ex-c;> 77 95 Pwl-st.KR6s, — 1161^
KdsnL.SP6s.lots 107 Reno. WL&L — 105
K&CHKR6S.IOSV, — River W Co6s — 100
Gearv-stKss.lOs 106 SactoP £ L..100 102%,
LosAmrlitis. — 101 :s>F&Ni'KßsslUoi4lUl
Do.Gnted.6s. — lO^'SPRRArizOs 94 ' 96
Mkt-stCble63l2o 138 SPKKCal6s..llo —
DoßyConss..lo73/ B loß%isPßßCalss_ — 9714
MevCNgKSs. — 100 SPBrKCaIBs. 96 971,
NPCKK6s.IO3Va - '^VWaterSs. — 122
N' Ry 63. 1001 3 — ,bVWater4s._ — »9
NRyCal6s. — 103 IStkmU&E&j — 103
Oak Gas 55. .104% — SunatT«fcT6s. — 100
Do. 2d 183 65.104V 3 — Sutter-stRSs. — HOVm
Omnibus G5..1183i11954 VisallaWC — 9J
PacltollM6s.. — ' —' |
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa. 40 47 iSan Jose 751 AUS •
MarlnCo 49 55 jSprlngVaUey 97*/ i 97%
«AS STOCK-..
Capital 37 40 Pacific Light. 45 48
Central 95 — San Francsco 71SA 72
OakGL&H. 60 - Stockton - ai%
PacGaslmp. 7914 8© i
INSUKaXCR STOCKS.
FlremansFd.l6o — |Sun 66% — :
COMMERCIAL BANK STOCKS.
Amerß&TC. — — |LonrtonPifcA.l27s.sl3o
Anglo-Cal... 59% 62 : LoiiUor.&Si'. — 30
BankofCal.. — 233 iMercu Ex... 12 —
CaISD&TCo.. 67% — 'Nevada — —
FlrstNatlonl.l76 182% bather b'co. — — .
Grangers.... — — I
BAVIXSR HANK STOCKS.
GerS&LCo. — 1510 SavALoan.. - 130
IIumbS&L.lOOO — Security . — 2&0
Mutual 35 41 % ! Union Trust. — 830
bi'bavUnlon — . 490 |
STREET RAILROAD STOCKS.
California.... 105 — lOak.SL&Hay — 100
Geary-st 60 70 tlresuuo...... 5 —
ilarket-5t.... 445/, 44% Sutter-st ... — — irj
I'UWOKK STOCKS.
Atlantic D... 16 — Juason — " ; — %'•'
California.... — 93 Vlgonu 600 1
Giant. 17J/ 2 IBV2'
MIsrkXLtAJTgQUS STOCKS.
Alaska Pkrs. 97 : 99 OceanlcSSCo — 20
BUUCoaICo. — 10 PacAuxFA.. 1 —
CalCotMills.. — — Pac Borax... 98 100
CalllrvDock. — — PacI&NCo. — 30
Edison Light. 95y 96V* Fac Roll Mill 22%' —
GasConAssn. — — ;ParfPaintCo. — 9
HawC&SCo- — 8 "A PacTrans Co. — 25
HutchSi'Co.. 12% 13Va PacT&'»'Co 50 — ,
JudsonMfgC. — — iSunsotT&T.. 40 —
Ex AsanlOO 110 .United C Co.. — 25
MSUIHt •■MIMK
! Board— Market -st Railway, 44%; 10 Pacific
; Gas Imp, 79%.
910
SAN FRANCISCO "CALL."
BUSINESS OFFICE of the Son Francisco Call—
?in Market street, open until 12 o'clock every
flight in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— BBO Montgomery stre»t,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
• 839 Hayes street, open -until 9:30 o'clock.
713 Lurkin street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
SAY. corner Sixteenth and Mission streets, opts
Until 9 o'clock.
SSIS Mission street, open until 9 o'clock.
118 Ninth street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
CHURCH .NOTICES.
(fT^ 3 GRACE CHURCH, C A LIFORNI a" ST?.
&»» cor. of Stockton— Rev. R. c. Foute. rector,
Sunday after Epiphany. Morning prayer, with
sermon by the rector. 11 o'clock. "Te Deum"
(Thayer) In 1- Oat; "Jubilate" (schilling) in C;
off rtory, "Unfold. Ye Portals'' (Gounod). Full
cathedral service 7:45 r. m. "Canticles" (War-
r« n) in i>; anthem, "Gently Lead Us" (Berner):
offertory, tenor solo by I. H Desmond, "Hear Us.
(> Father" (MillarU): organ recital. "Andante"
(PJpyel): offertory, In C minor (Wely). organist
ami director of the choir, William H. Holt.
pErs=~c h v uciT~of~ THE AD VENT (Episco-
fc <■' pal . Eleventh St., near Market— Rev. J. A.
Emery, rector. Morning prayer at 11 o'clock. At
this service the Rt. Hey. William Ford Nichols,
0.D., Bishop of California, will perform the rite of
confirmation Evening song at 7:45. Everybody
cordially welcome.
BSS»« Tli l. fill 1 ;» II OF .THE HOl/i SPIRIT
&-*? (Evangelical Lutheran In faith). Franklin
Hall. Flllmoro St.. between Bush and sutler— Rev.
Oliver C. Miller,' pastor, services at 11 a. m. and
7:45 p. m.; Sunday-school at 9:30 a.m.: prayer
service at 7:4. r > Wednesday evening. Subject for
this morning, "Losing Christ Out of Our Com-
pany; for the evening, "Christ Eliminated." All
welcome.
fl^2== CENTRAL METHODIST EPISCOPAL
!£"-&' Church— Mission St.. bet. sixth and Seventh.
The pastor. Key. K. R. mile, will preach at 11 a. M.
Morning subject, "Peter Recreant, Repentant. Re-
stored.' 1 At 7:30 P. m. Rev. Carlos Marty of
Chicago, field secretary of the National Christian
Citizenship League, the '•Parkhnrst of Chicago,"
will I reach. Subject, "Christian Citizenship."
Sunday-school :U 1 P. m.: Young People's meetings
nt 6:30 r. v : mid-week prayer-meeting and con-
tinuation of roll-call Wednesday evening.
KS»iP,LYMO UT~li CO ATION A L
Er- 1^ Church, Post St., between Buchanan and
Webster., Key. W. !■. Williams, D.D., pastor.
Preaching, 11 a. m. and 7:30 p. m. Sunday-
schools, ■• SO a. m. and 12:30 p. m. Professor
Lloyd's r>ible class at 12:30 P. m. Junior En-
deavor, 4 p. M. Christian Endeavor, 6:30 P. m.
Morning strmon. "Warnings and Promises;"
evening sermon. "The Wily Woman, or Thy Light
Has Come." Good singing.
"e-~g- KIIIST ENGLISH her an
&^sr Church; on Geary St., nr. Gough— Rev. Oscar
11. Graver, pastor, services Sunday a: 11 a. m.
and 7:45 p. m. : Sunday-school at 9:45 a. M.
prayer-meeting Wednesday at 7:45 p. m. Subject
of morning sermon. "The Father's Claim;" even-
ing, '•Spiritual Blindness Cured." The pastor will
occupy the pulpit at both services. Strangers
Invited to and welcomed at all services. Seats
fri-e.
Sr^=> FIRST BAPTIST CHURCH, EDDY ST..
EF~£ r near Jones— Rev. M. P. Boynton, pas-
tor. Services Sunday. January 12, 1896. Preaching
by the pastor at 11 a. m. Subject. "Flesh and
Spirit," and at 7:30 p. m.. topic (second in series):
"Pleasure's side of Life." Sunday-school at 12:80
p. m. Y. P. S. of C. E. at 6:30 p. M. Young Men's
meeting Tuesday evening, at 8 o'clock, church
\vi!l observe week of prayer this week. The g»n-
-t-ral topic is: "A Week With Jesus." The pastor
will preach each Jit. All these services are open
to the public. Strangers are welcome.
jTrT^p CALVARY PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH,
»>»*' corner of Geary and Powell sts.— Rev.
John Hemphfll, D.D., pastor, will preach at 11 a. m.
and 7:30 p.m. Evening topic: "The Bible and
the Tendencies of Our Times." Morning music:
"Te Deum." B flat ■ Thomas): offertory, quartet,
"God Is a spirit" (Bishop). Evening music: "Ben-
cdic Anlir.a" vGerrish); offertory, bass solo, quar-
ts;, "Sun of My Soul" (Gould). Ail are invited.
rt^S= MR~ST~UNITAKIAN CHURCH, COR-
Li^^ nor <-.:.ry M & Franklin sts.— Rev. Horatio
Stfbbins, D.D., minister. William O. Eliot Jr.,
associate, at t tie church Mondays from 10 to 12. «
Sunday-school .hi 9:45 a. m. services at 11 a.m.
and 7:MO p. M. subject of evening sermon: "Peace
and AVar. ' All an; cordially invited.
E^3p skvoniTlnitarian church, cor-
l>-»' niT of Twentieth and Capu sts.— A. J.
Weils, pastor, will preach morning and evening,
At 11 a. M. the stiMoct will be: "The Ministry tor
To-day." At 7:45: "The Roots of the Armenian
Trouble." Sunday-school at 9-45. Seats are free.
The pastor's residence is at 20 Liberty st.
|K~p THIRD CONGREGATIONAL church,
l*-*^ Fifteenth St., near Mission— William
Itador. pastor. Services at 11 a. m. Subject:
"Helps an.! Hindrances." Services at 7:30 P.M.
Pubject: "Bernard, the Monk of Clairvaux," the
first in a series of special sermons. Music by
chorus choir under direction of William C. Stadt-
Jeld. "To i ■<■!;!!! (Dressier): "Peace I Leave
■\Vi:h You" (Huberts): "Abide With Me" (Shelley),
Miss Grace Carroll; "Hosanna in the Highest' l
(Stainer); "Seek Ye the Lord" (Bradley). All are
cordlaily invited.
gr^g=» FIRST NEW JERUSALEM CHURCH
"■"■^ (Swed<>t)Dor;:ian\ O'Farrell St., bet. Webster
and Fill more— Rev. F. L. Higgins, minister.
Subbath-schcol at <<::;<) a. m. sermon 11 a. m.
Subject: "Christ the Way. the Truth and the Life."
Lecture at 7:4 sp. m. Subject: "Scenes In the Life
of Jesus," illustrated with stereopticon views. All
are invited. Admission free.
R^S= WEST SIDE CHRISTIAN CHURCH,
ts-^> on Bush st., between Scott and Devisadero—
Preaching at 11 a. m. by- Rev. Edwards Davis of
Oakland, sermon topic: "Awake, Arise." At
7:45 P. M. the pastor, Rev. W. A. Gardner, will
talk about "Hypocrites.'' Sunday-school. 10 a. m.
Junior Christian Endeavor, 4:30 p. m. Y. P. S. c.
£6:30. Open church entertainment on Friday
at BP. m. Admission fn c.
j~Ps=- ASSOCIATION AUDITORIUM, MASON
Ur^r an 1. lis s ts.— This (Sunday) afternoon at 3
o'clock Rabbi V'oorsaager of Temple fimanu-El
will address a mass-meeting of young men only, at
Young Men's Christian Association Auditorium.
Subject: "Motives of Life and Conduct." Knick-
erbocker Male Quartet will sing. Seats free and
ail young men welcome.
R^g= FIRST CHURCH OF CHRIST, SCIEN-
&-»" tist— Services at 11 a. m. in Beethoven Hall,
336 Post St., cor. Powell. Christian science Bible
lessons, international series. Subject: "The Boy-
liood of Jesus." All are welcome.
B^S* CHURCH OF JESUS CHRIST OP
n-& ter-day Saints- Meetings every Sunday at
2 a- ii 7:45 o'clock p. m. in Friendship Hall, "909
Market st. At this evening's service Elder J. R.
will sj.eak upon the following subject-
"l be Kingdom of God— What It is. and Where It
May be Found." A cordial invitation is extended
for all to come. No collections.
r "' THEOSOPHICAL SOCIETY — FREE
"-^ public lee tire every Sunday evening at 3^o
I'ost st.. 7:45 o'clock. To-night: "The Unity of
Life." by Mrs. M. M. Thirds. J
SUNDAY ACEETINGS.
P^S 3 ( IXIFORNI A PSYCHICAD SOCIETY—
»-i^ J. J. Morse of London will lecture under the
auspices of the above society at National Hall
Kilb St., bet. Polk st.. and Van Ness aye., this
evening at 4;.. subject: "The super- Physical
l Diverse, Its Inhabitants," being the second of a
series of four lectures on the eeneral subject of
'•The .Super-Physical Universal."
S^X= dr. BOBBINS lectures to-night
c^- xy on "How to develop into a medium and get
Independent slate-writing and other gifts." The
sick healed. Mediums developed and written
questions answered by spirit power. Circle tickets
free. Washington Hnll, 35V 2 Eddy St., at 8 P X
AdmisMnn free.
tTjg^ 'Hi. SOCIETY OF PROGRESSIVE
or*** Spiritualists will meet in Golden Gate ilall
on Butter st., between Mason and Taylor, on Sun-
day evenl'ig, January 13. 1896, at 7:30 o'clock
Speaker.- Professor 1. Cleeg Wright, hubject,
■■Spiritual a Fact; a stud and a Life" All
who desire to know what spiritualism means
should hear this lecture. Music by the Misses
Lillian and Emily Coleman. Admission free.
|K§=» AT 997 MARKET ST.; FIRST PJtO-
«^°' gressive .Spiritual Church: 11 a. m. test de-
vpiopmg circle; 2 p. m.. social test circle; Mrs. Dun-
liam Favre, Professor Mingo; 7:30 p. M.. Mrs. Hen-
d» rson Bird. Dr. Wood, independent slate-writing
medium, and others.
H^p AT .'li. RIN-ES' SPIRITUAL MEET-
vr-J^ hut, 909 Market st.: 2 and 8 p. m. Circles
and form tests. Mines. Scely. Bird. I.add-Kir.i-
can. Maud Loard Drake. Entertainment and social
Jan. 15. - .■ m.. 909 Market st.
Wp&* *M K. MONTAGUE, ASSISTED BY
»-*'_ M ss Lvdla Allen, will lecture and answer
questions before the Psychical Society of Oakland
nt fraternal Hall. Washington St., 8 p. m. Subject-
' The \\ heel of Twelve Laws," the mystical num-
bers.
rt^* \ SOCIALIST SUNDAY LKCTURESHIP,
BS^ Alcazar Hall, OFarrell st., Sunday evening
nt 8 o clock. Morrison I. swift, lecturer. Subject,
"strikes as an Important Instrument in Civiliza-
tion.
E^Tm n v^,VV LS A Xi) *' EETHINKEKS-;
rT, I)U - XX s eaks at Scottish Hall, 105
Larkin St., this evening, on "The Religious Con-
Ulct:" Music and song. Admission 10 cents.
Ct^S- GOOD CITIZENSHIP MEETIN(i MET*
»-J>^ Temple, Sunday, January 12 3 p'm
Address by RAY PALMER D.D.; subject ''The
leopard not yet spotless nor the Ethiopian white."
|3> MRS. MAUD LORD DRAKE, 708 O'FAR-
**-*" relist. Circle to-night; also Tuesday, Thurs-
day and Friday nights. .Sittings daily.
fgZyS' RETURNED— MRS. HENDEE ROGERS*
lk~-& psychometrisMest and healing medium 109
Oak St., San Francisco.
ftrS= C. N. MII.I.KR, ETHERF.ALIZING"
CSrJS' materializing seance, Bp. m., 535 Post. 50c.
It^S* TO 1.1.T H ALL and~clubrooms";
Br-*>' eventually to lease. 310 O'Farrell, basement.
fes=» TEST CIRCLE TO-XIGHT, 10c. MME.
&*&' YOUNG, 605 McAllister St.; classic music.
|rr^= MRS. MAYO STEERS, TRANCE AND
IF-*' test medium; readings daily. lOlOrovest.
HP^X* MRS. SHRINER HAS REMOVED TO
BP ; -»' 311 Van Ness aye.; sittings daily; $1.
|F'--^ MRS. FULTON; MATERIALIZING SE-
%£-&' ance to-night. 81 Fell st.
jr-^s= MRS, EGGERT AITkEN. clairvoy-
tjg-jy ant and test medium, 716 Post; sits daily.
rj^S> TO-NIGHT— KATIE KEUSSM ANN'S
t»2» test meet. 793 Stevenson; 10c ; sit daily, $1.
ress= (Teorgj-: crasp circle to-day, %
t&^S and 8 p. m ; tests to all. 2-9 G. G. aye.; 15c.
IKS* < HKA PEST AND BEST IN AM ERICA—
Ci ; 37 THE WEEKLY CALL, sent to any address
In the United States or Canada one year for 50,
postage free. :: •iV, • ' ."--,
NOTICE OF MEETINGS. •
!J»TTS= MAGNOLIA LODGE NO. 41, A. oJHT^
t>-» r O. ii. w.. will install officers MON-jS§»**-
DAY EVENING, at Red Men's Hall. AB»
surpr'se •>; in store for those who attend. tSggJS"
All invited. JOHN HOESCH, Recorder.
aEajp'" YOU ARE RESPECTFULLY > <j ! jl
XS^sS notified that the Exempt Ki '''^""Bfi*""*
Company will participate in the cere- BSJLSxJ
monies of the dedication of the monument In honor
of our late fellow-member, DA VLO SCANNELL,
on SUNDAY, January 12, in the company plat at
the Laurel Hill Cemetery. YOU art? especially re-
quested to be at the hall of the company, Brenham
place, at 12 o'clock sharp, in company uniform-
coat, pants and fatigue cap. Should it be stormy,
see notice in )>«pers of Sunday with reference
to postponement. By order of the company.
GEORGE T. BOH EN, President.
J. J. Guir.Foyi.E,. Secretary.
I IJT3SP 1 EINTRACHT SPAR UNI) BAU A'E-
\S^S^ rein— Thirteentn series now open and sub-
scriptions for shares received Monday and Tuesday
eveiunjfs, January 13 and 14. at the office, Ein-
tracht Hall. 237 Twelfth st. Series opened semi-
annually: shares $100: monthly dues $1 pay-
days, second Tuesday and the Monday preceding.
No premiums charged on loans. Interest 8 per
cent per annum, free of mortgage taxes, making
the cost of a loan for the full term less than 5 per
cent. F. HI'FSCHMIDT, President.
Henry i; ii.i.k, Secretary.
; Bt^S 3 MEMBERS OF ST. JOSEPH'S BEN-
m~~& evolent Society — You will attend the semi-
• annual meeting of the society on SUNDAY, Jan-
! vary 12, at 2 p. M., for the election of officers.
H. J. Brown, Sec AVM. M URASKY, Pres.
rp^p DUTCH MINING AND KILL! COM-
! iffi^S' pany — The regular annual meeting of the
stockholders of the DC roll MINING AND MILL-
ING COMPANY will be held at the office of the
company, rooms Nos. 67 and 68, Stevenson build- '
ing, southwest corner California and Montgomery
streets, San Francisco. Cal., on TUESDAY, the
21.st day of January, 1896, at 2 o'clock r. m., for
the purpose of electing a board of directors to serve
for the ensuing year, and for the transaction of
I such other business as may be brought before the
meeting.
San Francisco, January 11, 1896.
G. TRITTENBACH, President.
M. Ci.msskn-iis, Secretary.
fffcs= A MEETING OF THE REPUBLICAN
Br-*' Executive Council of the Forty-fourth Dis-
trict will be held at 1503 Powell st., THURSDAY,
January 16, at 8 r. m.
PHILLIP BROAVN, Organizer.
! KB* ANNUAL MEETING— THE REGULAR
, Ot^& annual meeting of stockholders of the
I Oceanic steamship Company will be held at the
office of the company, 327 Market street, San
Francisco, Cal., on TUESDAY, the 21st day of
J January, 1896, at the hour of 11 o'clock a. m., for
I the purpose of electing a board of directors to
i serve for the ensuing year and the transaction of
j such other business as may come before the meet-
ing. Transfer books will close on Friday. Jan-
uary 10, at 3 o'clock p. m.
j * E. 11. SHELDON, Secretary.
j t|SS=* NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN THAT
l&-^ the annual meeting of the stockholders of
the Horsefly Gold Mining Company will be held at
its office, 610 Clay street. San Francisco. Cal., on
TUESDAY, the 14th day of January, 1896, at 3
o'clock p. if. By order of the board of directors.
EDWARD p. FLINT, President.
R. T. Ward, Secretary.
j i£^s= PRESIDIO AND FERRIES R. R. QO.-
-i ta^S" The regular annual meeting of the stock-
I holders of the Presidio and Ferries Railroad Com-
! pany will be held at the office of the company, 1111
i Union street, corner sharp's Dlace, San Francisco,
Cal., on Friday, the twenty-fourth (24th) day of
I January, 1896, at the hour of 2 o'clock p. m." for
, the purpose of electing seven directors to serve ,
during the ensuing year, and the transaction of
such other business as may properly come before
the meeting. Transfer books will close on Tuesday,
January 14, at 2 o'clock p. m.
JOHN B. LEIGHTON. Secretary.
office— llll Union st~, corner Sharp's place, San
Francisco, Cal.
gi3y=* ANNUAL MEETING-THE ANNUAL
I*--*^ meeting of the stockholders of the Commer-
cial Insurance Company of California will be held
at the office of the Palatine Insurance Company,
limited, of Manchester, England, 439 California s:'..
Safe Deposit building, San Francisco, on
AVEDNESDaY, the 15th day of January, 1896,
i at the hour of 12 o'clock, in accordance with by-
laws.
CHARLES a. LATON, Secretary.
San Francisco. December 31, 1895.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
»^S= MISS FRANCES HI : it Mi A 111) 17a
I ■■*-" Sixth, room. I—Genuine1 — Genuine massage treatment.
S£TS= BAD TENANTS EJECTED FOR 94*
*-*' Collections made, city; or country. Pacific
Collection Co., 415 Montgy St., room 6, Tel. 6580.
[jtrgp CORNS, INGROWING NAILS, SUCCESS-
t*"^ »ully treated. DR. LLOYD, Lurlme Baths.
|t^g= AVINDOWS CLEANED AND FLOORS
■^-* r scrubbed; reasonable rates: payment for
damages guaranteed.. C. ROSSI & CO.. 242 Sutter.
ff^g= ROOMS WHITENED. $1 UP: PAPER-
t*-^ fd S3 50 uo. 3171 2 Third. George Hartman.
F£^> CORNS REMOVED WITHOUT KNIFE.
Cg^y Chiropodlc Institute, room 9, 906 Market.
Ef^S= ABANDONED CHILDREN ADMITTED
&-*? into St. Joseph's Infant Orphan Asylum
from July 1. 1894. until December 31, 1895:" Wil-
liam Finsterbusch 5 years. James Doran 4 years,
Grace Doran 2 years. Johannah Moesch 4 years.
Ed Burke 6 years, Bessie Finsterbusch 3 years,
George Lombard 4 years.
HTTS 3 NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN THAT
l*»*' the San Francisco Protestant Orphan Asy-
lum society has admitted to their institution the
following orphan and half-orphan girls and boys
from June 30, 1895. to January 1. 1896: Edith
Campbell, 7 yrs.; Caroline M. Newton. 5 yrs:
Myrtle Campbell, 5 vrs.; Ethel M. MotYait. 5
yrs.; Paul Duering, 2 yrs.: George Grass, 6 vrs :
Willie Coo 11 yrs.; Bishop B. Taylor. 8 yrs.:
Willie A. Newton, 2 yrs.: Janus O. Morritson, 4
yrs.: Frederick A. Moffatt, 6 yrs.; Carl Smith.
12% yrs. : Edmund It. Bedford, 10 yrs. ; Thomas
Sf mler, 7 yrs. ; Delbert D. I>aley, 4 yrs.
Bfc^S=» MRS. ROBB, 1035 MARKET ST.. ROOM
j m-JF 8, second floor; genuine massage treatment.
Hr^S=* MRS. WALLACE, 109 POWELL ST.,
■^ room 23 ; genuine magnetic treatment.
SITUATIONS WANTED-FEMALE.
AWAITING SITUATIONS -A~SUPERIOR
German cook, country preferred; Swedish girl,
housework, Jewish family, 3 years last place; Ger- !
man waitress and seamstress; French nursery
governess and seamstress, 2 years la3t place, coun-
try preferred : several competent housework girls,
best city references. Ladies can secure first-class
I help of all nationalities, city or country, by calling,
! telephoning or sending their orders to MISS CUL-
LEN. 105 Stockton st. :.;■ -^
pOMPETENT GIRL WANTS A PLACE FOR
\J general housework. 711 FOlsom st.
COMPETENT WOMAN WANTS POSITION:
\J understands care of Infants or invalids; good
seamstress: good reference. Address C. W., box
100, Call Office.
AMERICA WITH GOOD REFERENCE
xi- and experience wants position to do second
work in private bonrding-house: is a gook cook and
can make herself generally useful; wages $20. K.
R-, box 151, Call Office.
SITUATION ANTED BY A RELIABLE,
trustworthy woman to do housework; is good
cook and. worker; good reference: wages $12 to
$15 and $20 per month. Can be seen for three
days at 79 Jessie St., between First and Second.
yOUNG WOMAN WANTS WORK BY THE
X day, washing. • ironing and housecleaning.
Please call or address 438 Fourteenth st.
RESSMAKER —GOOD FITTER, WANTS
engagements in families: 75c a day and lunch.
Address L. T., box 79, Call Office.
QITUATION TO DO HOUSE WORK IN SMALL
American family; good cook; willing and
obliging. Address M. A., box 110, tall Office.
\\r anted— a POSITION BT A FIRST-CL ass
"" stenographer: experience; good references.
Address 8., box 71, Call Office.
If XPERIENCED WOMAN WANTS POSITION
J as child's nurse; understands the care of chil-
dren from infancy: if required can make children's
dresses. Address D. P.., box 89, this office.
If IRST - CLASS COMPETENT WOMAN
X I wants a situation as cook: good references if
required; no objection to plain washing. Address
P. W., box 90, Call Office.
RESPECTABLE GERMAN LADY WISHES
Xt place as housekeeper; understands fancy and
plain cooking; can do sewing; reads and writes
Knelish: thoroughly competent: good wages.
Pleas'; address for one week, M. S., box 155, Call.
SWEDISH GIRL WANTS TO DO HOUSE*
work or work by the day in families. Call or
address 1316 Bryant st. f s .
\\T OMAN WISHES SITUATION :THOROL*GH-
" ly understands general housework; good cook;
reference. Call 2 days, 924 Washington st., near
Powell.
OMAN WANTS SITUATION TO DO WASH-
ing or cleaning by the day; $1 per day and
carfare. Call 717 Howard st. ■ .
LA D 1 1 : ■ AND GENTLEMEN'S REPAIRING
neatly and reasonably done. 917 Market st.,
room 21.
MIDDLE-AGED "~ WOMAN. RESPECTABLE
J.»X and sober, would like light work; good home
and moderate wages. Address MRS. LEE, 108
Taylor st.
OMPETENT WOMAN WISH I ■: s SITUATION ;
V^ city or country; general housework; references
given. 311 Minna St., near Fourth.
LDERLr- WOMAN AVISHES SITUATION TO
do housework; good cook and laundress; city
or short distance in the country; wages $10. Call
1018 Powell st., in bakery. . S
D,Ki bbmakkb" FINE FITTER- AND
draper; sews for 60c a day. M. C, box 90.
Call Ollice.
ADY JUST FROM THE EAST WOULD
like a situation In a widower* family as house-
keeper. Address MRS. M. L., 421 Tehama st.
RESSMAKER;WOULD LIKE TO WORK AT
home or will go out by the day at $1 50. 301
Franklin st.
W IDOW WITH LITTLE GIRL AVISIIES PO*-
» » ritlon as housekeeper where there are lor 2
i children. Apply from 8 till 12 o'clock, 5 Central
court, off Haight St., near Octavia; no trifiers.
; RU ST WORI H WOMAN WANTS WORK
J- by the day washing or housecleaning; has local
references. Please address s. H. J., 222 Willow
aye.. bet. Van Ness and Franklin st.
i SITUATION AS SEAMSTRESS AND UP-
-1 O stairs girl. 1234 Mission st.
I pOLORED WOMAN WISHES DAY'S WORK!
1 \J washing and ironing, or housecleaning. or will
; take washing an*! Ironing home, or a few offices to
clean, or will take a monthly place at $15 to $"0-
-i wishes to sleep home. Address W., box 77. Call. '
T> V YOUNG SWEDISH LATELY FROM
JJ East, to do upstairs work. Call 513 Greenwich.
THE SAN FRAKCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 12, 1896.
SITUATIONS WANTED-Contlnued.
BY RESPECTABLE WOMAN AVORK^OF^ANY
I J kind by the day at $1 25. Address A., 339
Hayes st.
yOUXO PROTESTANT WOMAN wants!
X position as nurse to sick or insane person, do
plain sewing, help with housekeeping: best of ref-
erence from last employer. Nurse. 1221 O'Fnrroll.
ANTED -"BY AN AMERICAN GIRL, UP-
'» stairs or general housework: best of refer-
ences. Address W., box 17, this office.
AVEDISH GIRL ■ SITUATION to
do light housework or chamberwork. Call or
address 5 Hodges place, off Vallejo St., bet. San-
some and Montgomery.
WIDOW, EXPERIENCED IN BUSINESS,
' * wants chamberwork in hotel, or to clean a few
offices. Address MRS. KOOS, room 113, 715 How-
ard st.
I ADY WISHES POSITION AS HOUSEKEEP-
XJ er or charge of lodging-house; city only. Ad-
dress for 3 days C. 0., box 144, Call Office.
pOMPETENT SWEDISH GIRL WISHES
\J place; general housework and cooking. Ad-
dress 426 shotwell st.
RESSMAKER AVANTS SEWING; GOOD
XJ cutter and fitter: reasonable: go out or take
work home. 108 Taylor st.
ITUATION WANTED BY YOUNG LADY
O who has fair knowledge of dressmaking: can
cut, fit and make the latest style skirts; for board
and room and small salary. Call or address 502
I'ost st.
"\,f"IDDLK-AGED AVIDOAV desire» a POSI-
i'X tion at any kind of work; good references.
Address A. M., box 17, Call office.
BOOK KEEPER— YOUNG WOMAN CAPABLE
of taking charge of any set of books wants a
permanent position; best of references. B. X.,
box 48. this office.
Air OMAN; WISHES WORK BY DAY WASH-
" ing, housecleaning and ironing; or housework,
day or month. Call 206 Noe.
liUKST-CLASS WASHER AND HOUSE-
. cleaner wants work by tde day. Call or address
MRS. a., room 7, 864 Mission st.: $1 and car-
fare.
1 EXPERIENCED CHAMBERMAID WANTS
-i any kind of work by the day; $1 and carfare.
Call or address 1926 Market St.", room 1.
/PERSIAN WOMAN WANTS ASHING,
V.I Ironing and housecleauing by the day. Please
call or address 116 Shipley st., near Fourth, rear.
.■EXPERIENCED EASTERN DESIGNER AND
XJ dressmaker wishes work by the day in families:
exquisite titling. Modiste, box 21, Call Office.
TWO MIDDLE-AGED WOMEN WANT WORK
in the mines or some institution: good plain I
cooks and not afraid of work: would like work
together. Address M. A., box 45, Call Office.
TYLISII DRESSMAKER JUST FROM THE
*■' East wishes engagement by day, or take work
home; terms reasonable. Apply 418 Octa via st.
yOUXG WOMAN wants PLACE AS HOUSE-
X keeper; is a good cook. Call at 28 Seventh st.,
room 36.
S~ ITU ATI ON WANTED BY YOUNG WOMAN;
can almost do any kind of work; assist with
housework or care of children. A. L., 327 Minna.
■V"OUNG AMERICAN GIRL WISHES a BIT-
X uation to do light hou-ework: sleep at home.
Call or address 1131 Twenty-sixth st.
TRONG, RELIABLE AVOMAN WISHES TO
do washing, ironing, cooking and houseclean-
ing by the day. MRS. CURTIS, U6y Twenty-
sixth St., near Mission.
M [DDLS-AGED LADY WANTS POSITION
as housekeeper or care of invalid; city or
country. 775 Twen:y-second St., Oakland.
GERMAN GIRL DESIRES SITUATION IN
VJ bakery or store. 312 Sutter St.
T> ESP ECTABLE WOMAN WISHES SITU A-
XV tion as chambermaid or housekeeper. Call or
j address 1126 Market st., room 6.
pOM PETENT SWEDISH GIRL WISHES TO
VJ do general housework and couking. Address
426 Shotwell st.
ll r ANTED — POSITION FOB GENERAL
• ' housework; plain washing; city or country.
420 Sixth st.
V OUNO SWEDISH GIRL, USED TO Si-.WING, :
X wants a place In a dressmatin^ establishment.
Address 1012 Army st., city:
O WKDIBH GIRL WANTS A SITUATION AS I
O second girl or chambermaid in a private, re-
ectable family. For good reference call at Fulton
Hotel, room 19, 3 Fulton st., San Francisco.
TIT ANTED— BY A FIRST-CLASS COOK AND
M second girl: wages $20, »25. Call 406 Minna.
anted— positions in one BY
»* two Eastern girls: one as working housekeep- I
er and one at waiting and cbamberwork. Address
Eastern, box 11, Call Office.
A\rANTED—Pi IS IT I ON AS SEAMSTRESS;
'I is a first-class dressmaker; has good refer-
ences. Address 1324 Sacramento st.
WAITED — POSITION as WORKING
» ' housekeeper; private or hotel; or would go in-
to business with reliable party. Address MRS. E.
R. WAGEN Ukiah, Cal.
rOUN O~ W IDOVV WISHES POSITION AS
X housekeeper. Call 11 Kearny, r. 27, first floor.
"yOUNG LADY AVOULD I.IK A POSITION
X as housekeeper. 203 Powell st., room 5.
POSITION W A Nil; D— AN EXPERIENCED
X nurse would like a position; prices reasonable. !
Call or address 36 CaseiJi aye.. bet. Eighteenth
and Nineteenth sts.
14- IDOW OF EXPERIENCE DESIRES POSI-
»» tion in lodging-house or small family. Apply
202' 8 Turk st.
"yOUNG WII.-OW WVNTS A SITUATION AS
X type-writer. 873 1 Market St., room 13, 2 d floor.
"\\riNCHESTER HOUSE. 44 THIRD ST., NR.
*» Market; 200 rooms; 25c to SI 50 per night;
$1 50 to $6 per week; convenient and resj^eciable;
Iree bus to and from the ferry.
SITUATIONS WAMEIJ-MALh.
}~jM)R A ( -iniK. WArriEiC^AItM^RTBrACK^
J 1 smith and laborers send your orders to J. F.
CROSETT ,v CO., 628 Sacramento st.
"P C. G. COOK'S SOU. SUPPLIES COOKS; ALL
X branches -.short notice. 14 Geary. ;tel. Grant 46.
UNTKR <fc ■ CO., CHINESE AND JAPAN-
ese employment office, 17 Webb St.. below
Kearny, bet. California and Sacramento: tel. 231.
pHINESE AND JAPANESE EMPLOYMENT
XJ ofiice; best help. 414% O'Farrell; lei. K. 426.
PELIABLE MAN (AMERICAN) WITH A
Xt family wants a situation of some kind; not
afraid of hard work steady and reliable. Address ;
N. A., box 112, Call Office. .
A N Al ADVERTISING MAN DESIRES POSI-
J^- tlou either city or country; best of references,
and a rustler. Address G., box 79, this office.
yOUNG GERMAN WANTS PLACE AT GEN-
X tleman's residence: understands the care of
horses and chickens: can do garden work: willing
to work. Call or address 102 Colllngwood st.
QTEADY, RELIABLE YOUNG MAN WANTS
O a situation a< porter In wholesale house. Ail-
dress L. C, box 127, Call Office.
"QITUATION WANTED— MIDDLE- AGED MAR-
O ried man, possessing knowledge of stationery,
cooking, gardening, irrigating, general farm work,
pruning, handy with tools and office work: wages
no object. Address S. .1., box 40, Call Office.
yOUNG MAN AVISHES A SITUATION AS
X clerk in grocery store or drive delivery wagon
or bartending, or porter in wholesale house; refer-
ence. Address 2517 Mission st.
SITUATION WANTED Bt GERMAN TO
O care for horses, or any kind of work in private
famiiy; best of references. M. . 1., box 21, Call.
SITUATION WANTED BY MIDDLE-AGED
O man to do light work of any kind; best of city
references. Address It., box 54, Call.
11 its lII. ASS GERMAN GARDENER, GOOD
X horseman and milker, wants position; finest
references. Address G. G., box 64, Call.
p ERMAN, -AGED 30, HAS DRIVEN MILK-
vI wagon for 6 years in the city, wishes position
of any kind: references and security. Address A.
N.. box 51, Call.
AMERICAN YOUNG MAN (19) DESIRES
work of any kind. Please call or address
CHAS. K. BRODlE,YosemlteHouse,lo4s Market.
II'UATION WANTED BY COMPETENT
0 gardener to do general gardening work and
make himself useful around place. Address G. G.
box 156, Call Office. ;
INEXPERIENCED MINING ENGINEER DE-
■* sires a position as manager, foreman or assa> er
of a quartz mine. Address J., box 59, Call Office.
PAINTER AND PAPER-HANGER WISHES
X work by the day or contract. ■ Call or address
128 Oak st. ; best of city references.
youXO BAKER WITH EXPERIENCE ON
X bread and cakes wants situation. 121b Shipley.
JAPANESE YOUNG M A AND WIFE
O want a position in family as rirst-class cook
and second worker; they are honest and good-
natured Address T. M.. 403 Geary st.
JAPANESE COUPLE WANTS A SITUATION-
O man first-class cook: wife wait on table and
general house-worker; good • reference. Adaress
S. R., 1307 I,arkm st. ■ ;
WANTED— POSITION AS COLLECTOR: CAN
furnish real estate bonds or give cash security
and furnish best of references. Address F. H., box
59, Call Office.
CIOLORED MAN WANTS SITUATION AS
\J porter, waiter, watchman or any other kind of
work. Call or address 619 Ellis St., in rear.
T7HRST-CLASS PAINTER AND POLISHER,
X? strictly sober, wishes situation in hotel or insti-
tution: steady place more an object . than wages.
Call or address 58 Sacramento st., Mariners' read-
ing-room. , .
yOUNG MAN LIVING WITH HIS PAR-
. X ents desires a position in blacksmith or wagon-
making shop: two years' experience. Address
2217 Kncinal aye., Alameda. Cal. -
ANTED-WOKK BY YOUNG MAN (GER-
man) to do chamberwork, wait at table or klt-
chenwork. Please address H. VIELITZ, 631 Sac-
ramento st., room 86.
rnHOBOUOH experienced engineer
X and machinist wishes steady employment;
wages low. Address T. E., box 102. Call Office.
BARBER; "FIV E MONTHS' EXPERIENCE,
wants position. Ad. Barber, box 54, Call Office.
yOUNG MAN AVANTS TO LEARN COOKING.
X Address G. D. F., box 117, Call Office.
WANTED - SITUATION AS GARDENER;
'* can milk, drive, handy with tools; references.
Address J. L.. box 59, Call Office.
GARDENER — PERMANENT POSITION
VJ wanted by a professional gardener with 12
years experience in this State in carinc for exten-
sive private places; highest references given. Ad-
dress E. <i., box 122, thts,,office. • |
SITUATIONS TED-Contlnned.
"TJANE, THOROUGHLY UNDERSTANDS
i XJ horses, cows, garden and general work at city
or country residences, wishes situation; references;
' J. N-, 416 Broadway, city. ■■ ■ '^-
' rn O NURSERYMEN AND ORCHARDISTS-
x Newly arrived experienced nurseryman wishes
to get employment ; willing to start with low
• wages. Address, In writing, M. P., box 21, Call.
■ AroUNG MARRIED MAN, WITH 15 YEARS'
x experience in furniture, carpets and all
; branches of house-furnishing, wants position. D.,
, care Hotel Savoy.
OITUATION WANTED — AS MAN ABOUT
VJ place; city or country: wages $20 per month.
Address W., box 16, Call Office.
ffi?OA A MONTH "— FIRST-CLASS BAR-
' ' ) j y tender must have work in saloon or whole-
sale liquor-store: good references. Address 24%
Garden st., city.
OY » AGE 16, WANTS WORK IN OR
J^ around store; good references. Address 37
Rltch st. •
FEMALE HELP WASTED.
TV5 A « T CHAMBERMAID. COUNTRY* HOTEL,
-I-' $20; waitresses, c.ty and country hotels; $15
•Jxi ?o- n . onsek eeper, $12; ranch cooks, $20 to
• »i!o; girls and women can rind good situations
at MURRAY A READY'S, 634 Clay st.
"VTEAT CHAMBERMAID. ASSIST WAITING,
il? 1^?.; country hotel, ifiL'O. MURRAY &
READY. 634 Clay st.
G" eit man AND FRENCH NURSERY (joy-
-« erness, $30, country; German or French lady's
maid, $2o to $30: 2 second girls, $25; nurse, child
£ years. $25; infant's nurse, s2o; 50 housework
, girls, city and country, $20 and $25. Girls can se-
cure reliable Hiliiations of all kinds by applying to
MISS CULLEN. 105 Stockton st.
GERMAN AND FRENCH NURSERY GOV-
ernc3s,s2s. MISS CULLEN. 105 Stockton.
Air OMAN FOR" COMPANION AXJ)" LIOHT
'» work, $10, St. Helena. Apply to-day,
between 3 and 4, to MISS CULLEN, 105 Stockton.
\Y ANTE D — PI BST-CLASS COOK AND LAUN-
'' dress; private family. Apply from 11 to 12
morning or 5 to 6 evening northwest corner l lay
and Buchanan sts.
WAN T E I ) - L ADY to TAKE full charge
" ot 2 boys, ft and 6 years: also to teach for 2
hours daily a young lady, age 16 years. French and
music; must be a good sewer and know something
about dressmaking ; good home and $20 per month.
Address R., box 78, Cull Office.
\\r ANTED— YOUNG LADY AS PARTNER TO
" learn double trapeze to travel ; height not over
5 feet 4 inches; weight not over 115 pounds: must
be fair looking. Call between 5 and 7, Sunday, 715
Howard St., room 19, A. LAMONT.
"1 1 ANTED— APPRENTICE FOR HAIR-
' » dresser. Apply bet. 1 and 2 o'clock this after-
noon at 1150 Sutter St., near Polk.
\\r ANTED — PUPILS FOR MILLINERY
" school; class or private; young ladies lined
for the trade; reasonable. 410 Leavenworth st.
GUM. DESIBING GOOD HOME IN SMALL
VJ family; $12 month: call Sunday, between S
: and t>. 34 Mary st., off Mission, between Fifth
and Sixth.
i TV" EAT GERMAN IUKI, FOR GENERAL
-H housework: 4 in family; no washing. 1909
Valle.io St., near Octavia.
i)(\ CHORUS GIRLS, CALL AT NEW WEST-
—v' crn Hotel, room 7. betwi en i and 4 o'clock.
nnAiLoßEss wanted! mission si.
A PPRENTICE WANTED AT DRESSMAKING
-■V immediately. 2240 Post st.
DRESSMAKING .MALE EASY' AT THE Mo-
XJ Dowel] Academy. Every mother and ail parties
i Interested in educational work are specially invited
i to call and see for themselves that our school is the
largest and best of its kind on the coast. We teach
cutting, fitting, finishing, draping, basting and
boning, in fact every part of dressmaking. Just
think, our pupils only pay $1 per week and work
I for themselves, customers or ends under com
| petent teachers, in our dressmaking department
j we turn out the most exquisite suits. Give us a
trial. The latest, linings and stiffening* for sale.
Patterns cut to iit. up. The McDO WELL Dress-
i making Academy, 213 Powell st.
j UrANTED RELIABLE COUPLE ON SMALL
»' private place: wife goou plain cook and
. genera] housework; man must understand care of
carriage horses thoroughly and be generally use-
| ful: small wages; good steady home. Address,
with references, 1., box 93, Cull Office. Oakland.
SWEDISH AND GERMAN EMPLOYMENT
Office, 11' Autonla st., off Jones, nr. Ellis.
DRESSMAKING. CUTTING \.\ii PITTING
at the McDowell Academy, 213 Powell: pat-
terns cut to order 25c up: pupils wanted.
\\r ANTED — AIM'S TO CUT, FIT AND
" drape for 2 weeks at $1 50. 1222 Pine st.
GERMAN SERVANT GIRL WANTED. 462
VJ Natomn st., cor. Sixth.
W ANTED— DKESSMAKEBS TO LEARN
' » how to cut regular tailor system ; only reliable
system: no niO'leN, charts or squares used. COH
Ladies' Tailor, 316 Sutter St., city.
EXPERIENCED OPERATORS ON WHITE
XJ shirts. GREENEBAUM.WEIL&MICHELS
531 Mission st.
\\-ANTED-PUPILS IN« MILLINERY'; NEW
'' term commences this mo. Room 51, 121 Post.
MOST CONVENIENT AND RESPECTABLE;
Winchester House. 44 Third st,, near Market:
200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 per night: $1 50 to $6 per
week: free bus to and from the ferry.
DURING THE SALE LADIES' WOOL SUITS
$3 90. N. Y. Suit House, 1210 Market st.
HA 1 R D R Ess IN « 25c AND 3Qc; MORNING
and ev'g classes: 10 lessons,sl 50. 1248 Mission.
WASTED-PUPILS FOR PRACTICAL MlL-
'» linery: positions found; terms reasonable.
234 Taylor st.
LAWBENCB PATTERN HOUSE-DRESS-
cutt'.ng school. 1231 Market st.,oet. Bth and 9:h.
DRESS-CU rfING~TAUGHT, U. S. TAILOR
yt system. 14 McAllister st., rooms 67 and 68.
INCHES li-.f. HOUSE,. 44 THIRD. NEAR
''Market— lights In very room: 200
rooms: 25c to $1 50 per nieht: SI 50 to $6 per
week: '.<■-■ Ims to »nd trom the ferry.
MALE l * L l* W A TK D .
PORTE R AND I A\lBY M A If , §20 : S^COOKSJ
2 waiters. 2 choreboys and 3 farmers. MUR-
BAY <fc BEADY, 834 and 636 Clay st.
PASTRY COOK AND BAKER AND ASSIST
X on range; country hotel, $35. C. B. UANSEN
• «fc CO., 110 Geary st.
COOK, RESTAURANT, *30; ALSO WAITER,
$25; to-day. MME. LEOPOLD, 20 Stockton.
ANTED-GOO] >, ENERGETIC HUSTLERS
" to sell a new novelty to business men; small
capital required. Address J. S., box 14, Call Office.
AN HONEST, INTELLIGENT, ACTIVE MAN
-^1- or woman can get good job from us selling our
Rapid Dishwasher; best-made washer* wipes and
dries in 2 'minutes; every family wan » one;
1,000.000 to be sold; big profits: no talking: easy
job. Address W. P. HARRISON CO., Clerk 19,
Columbus, Ohio.
XPERIENCED TRAVELING SALESMAN
for gents' furnishing goods; call at once; also
parcel clerk: must have some experience; also
competent organizer for secret order having a life
benefit. Apply at once to the U. S. Industrial
Agency, room 167, Crocker building.
"I EARN A TRADE-LADIES AND GENTLE-
■I-i men students wanted; only 8 weeks required;
tools given; write for catalogue. San -, Francisco
Barber College, 116 Eleventh st. ;
WANTED — AGENTS! FOR CITY AND
'» county to handle a Catholic work of art. in-
dorsed by the clergy; easy payments and liberal
Inducements. THE WERNER COMPANY, 7
City Hall square.
V*. ; ANTED— YOUNG MAN ABLE TO OPEN
»» oysters and cook for lunch counter and chop-
hoiise. Apply 925 Washington St., upstairs. .'
"YOUNG MAN TO WASH DISHES; MUST BE
X good all-round kitchen hand. 126 Ninth st.
'XPERIENCED NIGHT WAITER, WITH
I reference; wages $10 60 per week. 113 Sev-
enth st.
T UNCH WAITER WANTED. COR. HOWARD
-LJ and Beale. ; .--j
ELI ABLE gents AND ladies can
- make from $2 to $3 per day taking orders for
portraits; city and country. J. HOLLER, 8 Sixth
St., S. F. •
ALL THE NON-EMPLOYED MEN OF SAN
Francisco are requested by the National Eight-
hour Labor Union to meet at the new l'ostoltice
site. Seventh and Mission sts., on Monday, January
13, at 10 a. m. .
BARBER-SHOP; AN EXCEPTIONAL GOOD
little shop, Western Addition, for $200; Is well
worth It. Apply to STOLTZ, 630 Market St.
BARBER SHOPS— 2 COUNTRY" PAYING
shops. Call and see STOLTZ, 630 Market st.
DUCK AND DUMPLING FOR 10c. TO-DAY.
Seattle Restauraut, 137 Fourth st.
<2M £ A WEEK USING AND SELLING
<C^ tt -' Royal Plater: complete outfit; easily oper-
ated by dipping in melted metal; no polishing or
grinding; come out of plater with fine finish. We
furnish materials, teach agents.' Light, easy work;
big profit; sample of ' work: testimonials free.
Write GRAY & CO., Dept. 9, Columbus, Ohio.
ANTED— MEN AND WOMEN TO WORK
at home; I pay $8 to $16 per week for making
crayon portraits: new patented method; anyone
who can read or write can do ' the work at home in
spare time day or evening: send for particulars
and begin work at once. Address H. A. GBIPP,
German artist, Tyrone, Pa. . :
SALESMEN WANTED— SELL OUR GOODS
O to the wholesale and retail trade; goods sell on
sight. Liberal salary or commission paid. Position
permanent. For particulars address Centennial
• Manf'gCo., Atlanta, Ga. Factory, Milwaukee, Wls.
ANTED— CLEAN, TEMPERATE, ELDER-
Iy man who understands the care of carriage
horses thoroughly and to make himself generally
useful about the . house; small wages; ; steady
place. Address, with references, H., box 102, Call
Office, Oakland.
ARTY' WITH $100 OR MORE TO ENGAGE
in raising chickens, pigs and vegetables. I Apply
at Call Office. 7 .-
BARBERS' ASSOCIATION OF CAL. EMPLOY
secretary, P. C. Hamann, 2381/2 O'Farrell st.
MOZART. 3I9~ELLIS— ROOMS~2Sc~TO
night, 125t0 $5 week; reading-rooms.
HE RAILROAD HOUSE, 53 8 COMMERCIAL
X St., below Montgomery— Single rooms 15c night,
25c for two; best and cleanest house in town.
HELP WANTED-Contlnued.
IV^- W WALDO HOUSE. 765 MISSION, BET.
X*i Third and Fourth— Single furnished rooms per
day 15c up; per week $1 up; open all night. -
0 ALOON PARTNER; PAYING CORNER; EX-
yj perience not necessary; some money. 633
Howard st. ■ .
OSEDALE HOUSE, 321 ELLIS ST.-SINGLE
furnished rooms, 20c; $1 per week.
"1 (\(\ MEN TO GET A SHAVE FOR 5 CENTS;
X\JKJ clean towel to each; bay rum free; hair
10c; first-class workmen. 141/2 Montgomery aye.
¥EW GRAND, 246 THIRD ; 200 SUNNY
-LI rooms from $1 to $4 week: large reading-room.
FOR THE BEST AND CLEANEST lOC MEAL
__try^3y 3 Grant aye.; coffee a specialty.
171 IST1 ST - CLASS OPERATOR COT CLOAKS
X' wanted. Bui win, room 34, History building.
EST PLACE IN CITY FOR SECOND-HAND
shoes, 726 V 2 , opp. Uoward-st. Theater, or 129
Sixth St.; misfit shoes bought and exchanged.
BEST MEAL ON EARTH; WELL COOKED: 8
X-» courses, 10c, at Seattle Restaurant, 137 Fourth.
SEAMEN FOR SYDNEY', NEW YORK AND
other ports. Apply 10 steuart st., upstairs.
ME N~fo SELL MANHATTAN EGG FOOD;
is the best. C. KERTELL, San Mateo.
EW AND SECOND-HAND SHOES FROM
25c up; men's half soles, 40c. 959 Howard st.
WHAT CHEER HOUSE. 529 SACRAMENTO
»* St.: 200 rooms; best in the city; single rooms
20 .and 25c a night, SI a week: meals 10c.
WIN( H ESTE Ul!( HSE744 THIRD ST.. NEAR
Market; 200 rooms, 25 cents a night: reading-
room: free bus to and from Ihe ferry. . , •
BARBERS— FOR EMPLOYMENT CALL SEC-
retary Barbers' Asso., 325 Grant aye. S. FUCHS.
WANTED- MEN WHO DO NOT RECEIVE
»' their wages to place accounts with us; law and
commercial collection: no charge unless successful,
KNOX COLLECTION AGENCY. 110 Sutter, r. 4.
1 (10 ME> TO TAKE LODGING AT lOC. 15c
XUU and 20c a night, including coffee and rolls.
624 Washington St., near Kearny.
W ANTED— MEN TO GET BOTTLE SHARP
*' steam beer, sc; bottle wine. 6c. 609 Clay st.
EN'S Vjj-SOLING 50c: LADIES' 40c: DONE
while you wait. 638 Market, opi>. Palace Hotel.
T INDELI. HOUSE, SIXTH AND HOWARD-
J-J single furnished rooms: 75c week, 15c night.
IJ ARBERS' PROTECTIVE UNION EMPLOY-
J-> went secretary. CONRAD TROELL. 657 Clay.
~nr ANTED— LABORERS AND MECHANICS
•» to know that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprie-
tor, still runs Denver House, 217 Third St. ; 150
large rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $3 per week.
WANTED— SINGLE ROOMS, 16c A DAY; $1
week; rooms for two, 25c a day, $1 50 a week;
reading-room: daily papers. 36 Clay st.
"REE BEER— TWO SCHOONERS FOR sc;
also a bottl «of lager, Be, at 037 Clay st.
Ij-REE COFFEE AND ROLLS. 704 SANSOME;
1 single rooms 16c, 20c a night, $1 a week.
BEST IN CIT i— SINGLE ROOMS, 15, 20 AND
25 cents per nlg'-i; SI, $1 25, $1 50 par week.
Pacific House .Commercial and Leidesdorff sts.
l|||) M EN'S SsECO.VD-H AN DJS U *HOES.SOME
TJI/ nearly new, 25c to »] 25. 662 Mission st.
rVKY ACME HOUSK, 957 MARKET ST., BE-
X low Sixth, for a room : 26c a night; $1 a week.
JUST OUT; NEW MACHINE FOR BKPAIB-
*J ing shoes; call and see: half-soled in 15 min-
utes, done while you wait; all repairing done by
machinery: all repairing at half price: work guar-
anteed. 662 Mission Km bet. First and Second.
A WEEK'S NEWS FOB 5 CENTS — THIS
■A WEEKLY CALL, in wrapper, for mailing.
AGENTS WANTED.
WA NTE D — INTELLIGENT MEN AND
' ' women In every town to handle "John Sher-
man's- Recollections"; exclusive territory and lib-
eral terms. THE WERNER COMPANY*, 7 City
Kail square.
rrTrrhT ONLY SURE MONEY-MAKERS for
X agents; we have agents who are clearing large
sums, and sales increasing. ALUMINUM NOV-
ELTY COMPANY, 1&08 Market St.
A GENTS— B26 A DAY EASILY MaTTe .-ELL
xx Ing "Boomerangs"; new lawful device; takes
place lorbiddeu slot machines, etc.; lightning sel-
ler; rer alls for $1. CHICAGO INTRODUCTION
CO., 638 Jackson st., Chicogo. 11.
\\ r A STED— AGENTS EVERYWHERE: DR.
*' DeWitt Talmage's great book and Mar.oa
Harland's -'Home of the Bible"; half price to
agents: a boom. PARK <fc KENNEDY". 105
Murphy building, wholesalers.
WAS'IED-GOOD AGENT EVERYWHERE;
'» write quick; stamp. Address D. 8., box 16,
Call Office.
ADY AGENTS TO HANDLE FINE LINE
ladies' articles; can make $25 per week; exclu-
sive rights. C. C. Company, 131 Post st.
/CALIFORNIA MUTUAL BENEFIT SOCIETY
V^ wants good agents to work its accident and
sick Insurance: liberal inducements offered. ' J.
W. HANNA Secretary. Murphy building.
FUKNITI'KK WANTED
OASH FRIGE PAID FOR VuRNrrURE."jA-
\J COB SCHWERDT, 821 Mission, bet. 4th A sth.
ABSOLUTELY' HIGHEST PRICE PAID FOR
./i. second-hand furniture and carpets by Lundy
Furniture Co.. 813 Market St.; ca ! or.send postal.
KOO-US -.VANTISD.
A OR 6 ROOMS; LA^G^BA^e3Te3??~AND
■1-yard, with stable. Address 1630 Eddy, store.
"W ANTED — GOOD ROOMS AND BOARD
' ' with a nice family north of Geary st.; will pay
$100 a month for man and wife. Address N. 8.,
box 72. this office.
BOARDING WANTED.
■\TOUNG LADY PIANIST WISHES TO EX-
X change lessons in part payment for board. Ad-
dress V., box 6. Call Office. 7- .■:-■. -'^
WANTED- MISCELLANEOUS.
VVT^N^E D~^PA?R~ S 1 1 1 . 1 i . A 3 1) PONIES*:
'» must be young and cheap; state price. S. J.
GRAY", 115 South Second st., San Jose.
X\T ANTED — SECOND - HAN D BABY' - CAR-
'» riage, in good condition; cheap. B. C, box 17,
Call. .
VST ANTED— <fe GIBBS AUTOMATIC
*' sewing-machine. 8. M., box 51, Call.
\\ ANTED— YOUR WATCH, IF IT NEEDS
" repairing; best work at half the regular price.
DEUSS, watchmaker, 12t> Kearny St., third floor.
ELL YOUR BOOKS, CLOTHING AND JEW
elrv to A. KLEIN. 109 Sixth St.: send postal.
LOST. . -
"JTOST^A GARNET- INTAGLIO WATCH
J-J charm Wednesday evening, Bth Inst.,' ingoing
from San Francisco to Alameda. Please return to
MR. BUDEBECK. 632 California st. (S. F. Savings
Union), and receive reward. ....
]i 1 1— JA.V.J2, A GOLD-TIPPED TORTOISE-
j shell hairpin; In vicinity of Oak and Baker sts.
Liberal reward If returned to 109 Baker st.
IOST— JAN. 4, GORDON SETTER BITCH.
i Keturn to 918 Harrison st.; receive reward.
I OST— NEWFOUNDLAND PUP, 7 MONTHS
J old, answers name "Toots": four white feet.
Liberal reward, 1228 Market st., rm. 6. '*
T DARK BROWN SPANIEL DOG. LIB-
J-J eral reward Eighteenth and Shotwell sts.
LOST— ON' WEDNESDAY EVENING, BTH
XJ inst., either at Morosco's Grand Opera-house or
in going from there along Third st. to Howard, and
thence by Howard-st. car to Twenty-third street, a
lady's blue corded-silk belt, with large silver buckle
and slide attached. Finder will be liberally re-
warded by returning same to 2710 Howard st.
LOST— IN THIS CITY, JaN. 9, ONE SQUARE
J gold locket, monogram H. B. McA. on one
side and diamond in center on other side; contains
pictures of 2 children. Return to McAVOY &
GALLAGHER. 20 Fifth St., and receive liberal
reward.
OST— LADIES' SMALL GOLD GENEVA
watch and fob, between Broadway and Scott
st. and Slitter and Van Ness aye. : Return to room
101, Crocker building, and receive liberal reward.
OST — SMALL TAN COCKER STANIEJU
Return 419 Laguna st.: reward.
MONEY', BY NOT HAVING .MY HOUSE
papered and painted by the Co-operative Paper-
hanging Company. 635 McAllister st.
JFOK. «ALK-MISCISLLAN*.OUS.
FOR SALE— 4 FINE~BUFF^ COCHirTuENS
and rooster, 5 Indian game bantams and
rooster, 1 Petaluma Incubator and brooder; very
reasonable. Call at 3 Cleveland St., between Foi-
som and Harrison. . .
OR SALE, CHEAP— SECOND-HAND PUR-
J pace In good order. Apply 839 Ellis st.
/CABINET-MAKER'S COMPLETE OUTFIT;
\J bench, tools, etc.; crystal chandelier. 1400
Van Ness aye.
TJAR OUTFITS. MIRRORS.C ASH REGISTERS,
X> scales. etc.; cheapest. MEEK, 1118 Mission st.
: V ICKEL-PLATE~D CUSHION TIRE KAM-
1> bier; only $10. 326 McAllister st.
OLDEN GATE GAS ENGINE. APPLY TO
VJ" Browning A. Bremer. gun store, 820 Kearny st.
ABY CARRIAGES AND RATTAN FURNl-
ture: call and get our prices; costs nothing.
S inset Rattan Company, 104 O'Farrell st., near
Stockton. ,
UY YOUR BABY CARRIAGES AND RAT 7 .
tan furniture at the factory and save middle-
man's profit; wo will treat you right. CALIFOR-
MA BATTAN COMPANY, 61 First, nr. Mission.
ion AAA SECOND . hand BRICK fob
X\J\J.\J\J\J sale: second-hand lumber of all
kinds; cheap." Masonic aye. and Turk St., Fif-
teenth and Dolores. / . .
V T KW '95, STRICTLY HIGH GRADE $105
1> bicycle, $40. 8., box 79, Call.
MONARCH card SLOT machines for
sale or given away. KAHN & CO., 220 Cal. St.
ELLOWS, ANVIL, VISE. TONGS, SMALL
steam boiler and engine. 631 Howard st.
FIRE AND BURGLAR SAFE, LETTER-
X I press, platform scales and desk: cheap. 102
Clay st. ■■'..■•■ .
V 5 1 ' YCLOPEDIA BRITANNICA, $25. KING'S
-Li old bookstore, 15 Fourth st. ■
ONE SMALL MEDIUM AND LARGE SIZE
fire and burglar proof safe. 221, 223 Market st.
\[EW RANGES CHEAPER THAN SECOND-
■LX hand. W. a RAY Mfc Co.. 12 California si.
CIOUNTJ3KB, SHELVING. SHOWCASES
V boiuht and sold X121 V4 Market bet. 7UnndBiSi
PERSONALS.
Pefined'y^ulJg^aTdyTreligiously IN- !
XV clined wishes to meet a gentleman; object
matrimony. Address I. L., box 6, Call Office.
w IDOW WISHES MIDDLE-AGED or" ELD-
»» erly gentleman to take nicely furnished room
or suite: board optional. Address for 1 week, P. P.,
box 21, Call Office.
VJAKOARET CALD WELL, CALVIN WAR- j
iX BELL or heirs, please communicate with W.
H. GRAHAM, room 8. 632 Market St.
DENTIST, WHO HAS TRAVELED EXTEN-
sively in south America, knows the language
and customs of the country, about to revisit a cele- j
brated gold-mining district, would like a com-
ion; one who understands mining in all its
branches preferred; a photographer, or Ameri- j
can who could take a stock of good Jewelry,
watches, etc., would do. For particulars call on or
address 519 Grove st.
0 PHYSICIANS— A SPLENDID PAYING j
specialty: an excellent opportunity is offered to
a bright, progressive, energetic young physician.
Address Y. A., box 126, Call Office.
\yilY REMAIN LEAN, WHEN DR. CAR-
»» penter's Tissue • Tablets will increase your j
weight 3to .*> lbs. a month. Address 1170 Market
St., San Francisco; money refunded if not satisfied, i
MBS. M. H. OBER, HEADQUARTERS OF I
l'L Ypsilantl Union Suits and Equestrian Tights j
Jaros Underwear: Ober Corsets for stout flgu es.
Sole agent for Equipoise Waists, Jenues Miller !
goods and Gertrude baby outfits; great reductions:
send for catalogue. 34 Geary St., San Francisco.
""Pi 1 . lIARDCAsTLE, DENTImT, REMOVED
XJ to 628 Montgomery st., room 1; call 1-0 to 4.
iss DAISY HAAKE IS STARTING a mil-
linery c:«ss at her home, 14 Chattanooga St.,
bet. Twenty-first and Twenty-second; special at
tention will be given to schoolgirls after school |
hours; a thorough course guaranteed at moderate j
terms. |
(' AT REDUCTIONS IX PHOTOGRAPHS J
VT at CRAMER'S California Gallery, 402 Kearny
St., NE. cor. Pine; full length or bust flrst-class
cabinets $1 60 dozen, Paris panels $3 dozen.
VOR ALL KINDS OF CARPENTER WORK,
X 1 get my estimates. ALBERTS! 4 1 1 ._. Eddy st.
AliC A R ET S WOVE TO ORDER, FOR SALE;
also chenille-wove rugs, silk-rag portieres ; deal-
er In carpet twine In hank or chain at lowest rates.
GEO. MATTHEW, 709 Fifth St.. Oakland. Cal.
A GXES— WHY DIDN'T YOU GO LAST
-/V night? Got my hair dressed at C. LEDER-
ER'S parlors (successor to Mme. Spitz), 111 Stock-
ton St.: receivea best attention: was surDrised at
price: only 25c; to-night sure. BESS.
nrOMAN WANTS MAN OF MEANS TO EN-
»' gage in business. Address M. M., box 100. Cull.
OR PASSAGE AND FREIGHT DIRECTTO
. the new gold mines In Alaska apply to C. D.
LAPP, 9 Third st., San Francisco.
DRESSMAKING BUSINESS; CENTRALLY
XVlocated ; for sale cheap, P.M.. box 63, Call Office.
ADVICE FREE; DIVORCE AND PROBATE
laws a specialty; suits, Superior, Justice and
Police Courts; terms reasonable; collections, etc. G.
W. HOWE, att'y-at-law. 850 Market, cor. Stockton.
I>ICTUBE FRAMING COMPLETE WITH
glass 7x9 inches. 10c; Bxlo and 10x12, 15c;
11x14 and 12x16. 20c: 16x20, 30c; 20x24, 45c.
JUNES, 647 Mission at. ■
IMPORTED HAVANA, KEY WEST AND
hi:;h-_rade domestic cigars at the tobacco bazaar,
1627 Devlsadero at., near Sutter.
EGYPTIAN HENNA, $1 ; HAIBDYJS. PER-
fectly harmless. Lancley-Michaels Co.; all
chemists; Hubbard's 523, HauptH's. 1156 Market.
1/>OR FINE POULTRY AND GAME GO TO A.
X 5 BTRASSER, 78 and 79 Center Market.
DANCING FOR BALLROOM OK STAGE
taught a! IRVINE'S, 927 Mission, near Fifth.
pARTINGTON'S SCHOOL OF MAGAZINE
X and Newspaper Illustration reopens Monday,
January 6. For particulars address or apply 424
Pine st.
COME, HAVE YOUR FEATHER BEDS. Pl L-
lows tilled. 870 Mission, cor. sth. O. McCABE. !
C« I A ROOM: CARPETS CLEANED ON THE
tJpX floor. 206 Leaven worth st.
I ELECTRIC LIGHTS in EVERY ROOM— WIX-
— Chester House, 44 Third St., near Market: 200
rooms, 25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to $6 per
week: free bus to and from the ferry.
oux SMITH HAS REMOVED TO 327-329
Sutter st., between Stockton st. and Grant aye.,
where the dest of coal can be had at. lowest prices.
0" NE MORE CUT— ~
Oak Roll Top Desks. $14 to $35
Oak Chiffoniers From $10 up
Oak Bed Sets $17 60 up
Oilcloths and Linoleums 30c up i
Stoves and Ranges $3 up ,
Thousands of bargains. We keep everything.
Cash 01 time payments- J. NOONAN,
1017. 1016. 1021, 1023 Mission St.. above Sixth. I
1 IBEIIAL ADVANCES ON DIAMONDS, JEW-
XJ elry, etc.: lowest rates. 948 Market st.
1 f\t\f\ BUSINESS CARDS, $1 60: TELE-
-IU\JU phone "Black 141." 81LL. 724 Market.
QUITS MADE TO ORDER OF ELEGANT
O remnants for $10; samples and self-measure-
ment on application. LEON LEMOS, Merchant 1
Tailor, 1332 Market st., San Francisco. ____;;
SECOND-HAND AS WELL AS NEW BARS, j
showcases, counters, shelvings, mirrors, desks,
safes, chairs, scales, etc., and a very large Clock of
them, too; be sure and Bee stock and get prices be- }
fore got elsewhere. .1 . NOONaN, 1017, 1019, |
1021. 1023 Mission St., above Sixth. ■ : .
OLD BUILDINGS BOUGHT AND SOLD;
store fixtures, doors, windows, lumber, pipe,
f tc. : cheap. Yard 1 166 Mission st., near Eighth.
©TO SUITS TO ORDER; SAMPLE BY MAIL.
<35X_j NEUHAUS. Merchant Tailor, 115 Kearny.
pLOAKS, CAPES AND SUITS RETAILED AT
KJ rofrs' cost. Factory, 20 Sansome St.. upstair*.
OLD GOLD, SILVER, GENTS' AND LADIES'
clothinz bou eh t. COLMAN. 41 Third st.
J)RKSSMAKKR!>.
R^FTTirvTN^iTOS^ToR^S^cTJTTING "MA."
chine taught; oldest, best and perfect: no
guesswork or refitting; satisfaction guaranteed. j
We teach cutting and making. 627 Larkin st.
A B T I s T I C "dress M A X I X G — A L L
xV- branches ; tailor-made suits a specialty; ma-
terials cut and basted; perfect-fitting patterns cut
to actual measure. PROF. LIVINGSTON'S In-
stitute, 627 larkin st.
RESSI.s $2 AND UP, WRAPPERS 35c AND
up. 605% Xatoma St., upstairs.
RADLEY, 313 GEARY ST. — ELEGANT
stylish suits made, $5 up; dresses made over.
REUSES CUT AND FITTED, $3; DRESSES,
popular prices: waists .$3. 11 Geary st.
QUITS $3; SKIRTS 75c: CHILDREN'S SUITS
O $1 up. 559 Stevenson st. fit guaranteed.
L" CATION
T"H__cTl_c__oing S^O^tT^IANrT^COLLEGET
X individual Instruction; four months' course.
Ayres' Stenographic Institute, 325 Montgomery st.
371MELIE MELVILLE WILL RECEIVE A
-I limited number of pupils: thorough dramatic
training, reading, operatic and drawing-room sing-
ing. 2300 Webster st., cor. of Washington.
MRS. MELVILLE-SNYDER HAS REMOVED
to 820 Suiter St.; teacher of vocal music (latest
Italian methods), piano and elocution: ladies ana
gentlemen coached in operatic, Shakespearean and
other plays: appearances arranged.
ENGLISH BRANCHES TAUGHT: PRIVATE
XJ or class; all ages; moderate. MISSY. A.DIL-
LON, Supreme Court building, 305 Lark i n , rm . 9B. !
PANISH AND FRENCH. ACADEMY; CAS-
tllian and Parisian professors; 3 lessons week,
$3 month; also painting academy, flowers specialty,
3 lessons week, $3 month; translations, Spanish,
French, English. 1170 Market st.. room :-.7. . : -. .
TTOCAL TEACHER JOSEPH GREVEN IM
V proves and beautifies even spoiled voices, and
procures positions to his pupils. 82 Ninth st.
f^BENCH,SPANIBH,E_C PROF.DkFiLTppE'S '
Academy of Languages; 320 Post; estab. 1871. ;
BOLT-PS SCHOOL. 2297 SACRAMENTO
i'l St.— Board. English, French, piano, dancing.
$30 a mo.; excellent chance for ambitious and con-
scientious parents to give children a superior educa-
tion at low figure; term Jan. 2: kindergarten coach.
ENGLISH, LATIN, MATHEMATICS. ENG- :
lish literature a specialty. MISS ROULSTON
724 O'Farrell st. * ■■'-..'
E" NGLISH LITERATURE AND MYTHOLOGY-
cIass or private. MRS. EH KM AN, 1234 Bush st. '
B"~ ELA SCO'S LYCEUM SCHOOL OF ACTING—
Private theatricals arranged: pupils rehearsed
on stage. B. 5 and 12, t.0.0.F. block, 7th and Mkt.
SCHOOL ELECTRICAL, CIVIL, MINING, '
chanicai engineering, surveying, architecture
assay; estab. '64. VAN DER n aii.i.en, 723 Mkt!
QTUDKNTS PBEPARBD FOB THE VNIVFH- '
O sit}', law and medical colleges; day and evening
classes. 333-335 Phelan building. " cuiug ,
OWENS ACADEMY. UNIVERSITY AVE~
Berkeley, Cal. T. S. 1:0 W ENS, M. A., Principal!
VIOLIN, MANDOLIN,- GUITAR, CORNET
- V taught. Prof. L. MERKT. 225 Geary reasonable
INDIVIDUAL INSTRUCTION BOOKKEEP-
X ing, shorthand, etc. Stiehl's College, 723 Market. |
QPaNISH, FBENCB ,GERM AN; MODERATE
Melaterschan School Languages, 122 O'Farrell st
H BALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 POST ST"
Bookkeeping, business practice, shorthand !
typing, electrical engineering, telegraphy, modern !
languages rapidly taught. Write for catalogue.
V[ IGHT SCH OOL :tiEALD T SBIJS. COLLEGE -24"
XI Post: commercial, shorthand. English; low rate*
XTIOLIN, MANDOLIN, CELLO, BANJO; REA~
V sonable. PROF. FRANCIS. 1045y 2 Valencia. ;
pHEMISTRY AND ASSAYING. CUNNIXG-
\J ham's School, cor. Geary and Powell sts.
SAN FRANCISCO BUSINESS COLLEGE, 1238
Market: send for cat.; day and evening session.
ATTORNEYS- ~
A DvicirFßE^r "dTvorce'^ax^d^prob^vt'e
-cv laws a specialty; iuits, Snperior, Justice and
£ w C C ?. urti: terms "Mo-able ; collectioai, etc
O.W.HOWE. att'y-at-law, 860 Market ,cor.Stoc_tc£
T _• MURKY, ATT'Y AND COUNSELOR AT i
x -t... law: uflvlce free. 24 Sixth st., rooms 14, 15. I
W W. DAVIDSON, ATTORNEY-AT-LAWiab
*T . C-lifornla it., rms. 14-16: tdrlco Jre*
BICICLKS. ~~ ~
WINDSOR BICYCLES: STRICTLY HIGH '
" grade; no stamping: all lathe work- cones
ftXSS^ Cffl - A.L.BAN 9 ;
PARK CYCLER Y-NEW WHEELS TO LET~
J- best accommodations. Terminus Gaarv u_ ■
ALOiter a_d PoweU st. car Uno_ y ' *
■
BCTSTNBSM CHANCK*. __^
-ness; 4 flnisbed rooms. DECKER,
1206 Market st. : ___-;
>»ANDY-STOBEI NO. 1 LOCATION; *'*, yE Ij ,)
ing BABKBTT St SKlff. 866% ittarKei su
S7OO. A SPLKNDID "OPPOBTUNITYW
& i 01). open to one wishing to ™*Z£j?lfilbi
.1 B. MIHAN, 609 Kearny st. ;
rant; llTlng rooms; party leaving <-it>. appij
Monday, Jan. 13, al _"_•*"> Missions;.
VOIt SALE. AT A v... AIN. MEAT M A it- ;
-Tket; on rood corner; paying »•><> a wee*.
E. L. LIGGET, 139 Poal St., room la. .
park. >"•'■' ____—
-=— 7TTT GROCERY AND BAR I* - SOLD 1M-
5350. mediately: line location: account Cej
p£rture; don't miss this. STEXBLIU. & CO., 63
Market st. . —
dLTvAH VARIETY STORE NEAR LARGE
$.000. school; splendid cash custom; no com-
petition; two living rooms. Address D. box 87,
Call Office. —
BLACKSMITH'S TOOLS, WAGONS, KTCm
Jj also building to be removed. at aoctlon. on
Wednesday. January 15, at 2r. m. •>■*' I; nth si.,
corner of Clara. __
11/AKTED -SMALL ORCHARD, VINEYARD
»» or poultry ranch. Address A. H.. box - 1 . Can.
$~i^f\ SALOON, KEARNY ST.; NICELY
-TOU. fitted up: this place is very .nvltlng
and suitable for 2 persons; expenses light; bargain.
STENBBBG CO., 632 Market st.
INE LODGING-HOUSE: ROOMS ALL FULL;
J good location. J. REIDY & CO., 131 ., BUth St.
*J_~ k 7/ W \(\ PA RTN EKIX OLD-ESTABLISHED
»JS— UUU. fruit, produce commission store; must
give reference. Address C. S. Bex 158, Call Oil.
\-oiion, BAKERY, PART GROCERTrCOIT-
-1> ncr; no opposition. Address Q., box 101, Call.
m. dft ft MILK ROUTE: NO NIGHI' WORK;
fIrOUU. cash trade. 420 Third st.
<tX?U I PARTNER IN WELL-ESTABLISHED
«Ir<J''U. manufactuxing business. M- box i.
Call Office.
RESTAURANT; SOLD AT BARGAIN; FAM-
It ily difficulties reason for selling; lots of other
businesses sold or exchanged. EITEL «fe CO.,
1118 Market st ; .
BRANCH i BAKERY AND NOTIONS FOR
sale. Apply 632 O'Farrell st.
HOESTORE IN SAN JOSE; ONE OF THE
best-established shoe businesses in the Slate.
For particulars inquire at Enterprise Paper Box
Manufacturing- Co., Battery St., bet. California and
Pine, upstairs.
T7HRST-CLASS CASH BUSINESS FOR SALE
X cheap on account of sickness; splendid oppor-
tunity; call at once. BURG, 921 Broadway, Oak-
land.
l&9^A h INTEREST IN ESTABLISHED
<$JjO\J\J. manufacturing business, with salary
as secretary of the corporation attached. Box 3,
Call Office, Oakland.
(_I7C BAKERY AND NOTION STORE; 4
«3>X lU. living-rooms, furnished. 1603 Dolores
st , corner Twenty-ninth.
DOCTOR CAN SECURE PRIVATE DISPENS-
ary paying if 4oo month by buying furniture for
$150 Immediately. Physician, box 122, Call.
L~ IQUOR-STORE: GOOD BUSINESS; SELLS
account sickness. 213 Third st.
CORA 1. 11 SALOON FOR SALE CHEAP; MUST
be sold. Inquire 817 Kearny st.
UOK SALE— (iROCERY BUSINESS ON MAIN
X I street, Oakland; stock new and well assorted; a
good chance to secure a well-established business.
8., box 175, Call Office, la-land.
THIRST-CLASS SALOON FOR SALE: LOCA-
X 1 tion: trade: lease. Particulars address C. H.,
box 119. Call Office.
OX ACCOUNT OF LEAVING FOR CRIPPLE
Creek my old-established The Mocha Cafe is
for sale; a paying business Is Guaranteed, with
cheap rent and long lease. Apply 621 Montgomery.
ITULBBT-CLASS SALOON AND LUNCHHOUSE";
X 1 a paying business for the right party. Apply
Enterprise Brewing Co., or gel particulars 5 Taylor.
BEST SALOON in POTRERO: 1106 EN-
tucky si. : sell cheap: near Union Iron Works.
FOR SALE— CIGAR-SI ORE, FIXTURES AND
stock: $70. 1111 Flllmorest.
pIGAR-STORE; DOING PAYING BUSINESS;
\J 3 furnished rooms: low rent; bargain. 417
Hayes st.
ARDWARE-STORE. NEW AND SEOND-
XI hand, at half price, or lots to suit; call imme-
diately; a bargain. 646 Mission st.
APER ROUTE FOR SALE, TELEGRAPH
Hill district, covers 18 blocks; can be bought
cheap, and chances for increase are very good.
Apply this oltice, principals only.
07* ANTED A GOOD MAN WITH $100 CASH
» » to travel for an Eastern liquorhouse. Address
I . W.. box 79. Call Oflice.
flUiiALi; CAFJ-: AND DELICACY STORE
X for sale cheap. 1125 Valencia st., bet. Twenty-
second and Twenty-third.
in A R-STORE FOR SALE: GOOD LOCA-
\J tion, at a bargain. 1055 Market st.
UOR BALE— GOOD-PAYING HOME BAKERY.
X confectionery, icecream and candy parlor;
cheap rent; 5 living-rooms. Apply Call Office.
PESTAURANT— MARKET ST.; CHEAP: DIS-
Xt agreement partners; make offer. Apply 29 6th.
Tj-.OR SALE ok EXCHANGE— FIRST-CLASH
X corner saloon; best location in city: established
over 30 years; fine fixtures and large stock:
would like to exchange for ranch or city property.
Address H. F.. box 61, Call Office.
(2j 4 >O^ BRANCH BAKERY, CANDY, 9TA-
— — •-'• tionery store: 4 living-rooms; rent $18:
no agents. 34U/_ Fifth St.
OLD ESTABLISHED COFFEE SALOON AND
restaurant for sale. Apply 223 Montgomery ay.
Q9OX BRANCH BAKERY AND CHOICE
<Jp — — groceries; living rooms partly fur-
nished; a bargain. Call at store. 921 i - Howard st.
<St 1 AA~RA RE CHANCE FOR A YOUNG
t|Plv". man; peddling route with general mer-
chandise, etc., in a thriving country town near San
Francisco; established five years; can be largely
increased; owner invalid. Address T., box 88
this ofliee.
Y'HllT AND PRODUCE BUSINESS; GOOD
X horse and wagon : family and transient trade-
cheap rent. 1 1 >4_ Market st.. cor. Gough.
VI IST BE SOLD BY FEBRUARY I—2 EX-
-;" press-wagons; stand cor. Sansome and Sutter.
J. G. FREDERICKS, owner.
II 1 A.\ TED- PARTNER WITH SOME CAP-
»» ital, lady or cent, In light paying business. Ad-
dress A. M. ROSS, P. O. box 1032, San Jose, Cal.
GOOD OPPORTUNITY FOR AX INVEST-
r ment of about 50,000 in safe commercial
business. Address R. D., box 43, this office.
'% 3000 ROUTB FOR SALE; EVENING
<©OUUU. paper; pays $150 per month. Apply
this office. vy '
V '^SSSt S v NEWS . FOR 5 CENTS -THB
-*- >> j^i^kly ALL. In wrapper, for mailing.
LODGING-HOVSKS FOR SALE.
$150. j^i^^l^S^ 0 **
iHs2l 0 10Kno%r HOUSE; GOOD LOCATION-
tIP_JX\-'. nearly new. '
18 rooms; best corner In city... . 1 t u\
14 rooms, on Geary st, '25
60-room hotel, with bar: 40 boarders 3 _nn
rooms, sunny corner: must sell .. " "700
32 rooms to exchange for real estate " 1.600
m OUSB: yer >- central ...\\ •___
$.10,000 to loan on furniture,
H. C. DECKER, 1806 Market at., cor. Taylor.
I? LEO AXT FURNISHED HOUSE 14 SUN-
«.y gggsrja.'g 18 at $450: ciears »*° °™
JTOUSE OF 3: 1 ROOMS; ALL COMPLETELY
123, this office all . °° mS occupied: * 1500 - A., box
T ODGING-HOUSE FOR SALE OX EASY
XJ terms; noagenta. J. B. BROWN, 330 Geary.
HOUSE, 72 ROOMS; MUST SELL; A BAR-
gain; owner leaving town. 307 Fourth st.
.Hk^OO "H>GING.HOUB_! FOR SALE. NR.
r r,T«'A a ", Jos( ' flepot; 16 furnished rooms-
r-nt if-B. Apply 7 1 !> Howard.
FUR N ITI'RK FOR SALK.
A^KY7T?uT^^
XX. ding; new folding-beds. 19 and tip: -••■.•- »1-
-ders, 20c pr step; furniture exchged. 779 Mission ' st
REDUCTIONS ON LARGE fiTOCK, NEW AVD*
second-hand; 400 carpet.,, good as new- /v'
cloth, _Sc; Parlor suit.,, $19 upf l^ole^ni 4 C - 7-"
piece chamber suits, $14 50: cornice poloi •»•__!
£___«: NKU^s^r "*&
"E>OR BARGAINS IN~FI'RNITURE AND ah"
Ml^on'st 0 ' CVCry desCri^ lo "- »■ MCRAI-? Vli
carpets; ktc. — —
URN ITU BE FOR BALK. "" ~ ~~^"
Three rooms furnished complete •.- Kn
iour rooms furnished in 0ak...." **• ?2
P.oxbury Carpets (30 days only), la|Vi 80 ii?
Brussels Carpets (30 daysonly). laid '*
Heavy I_no:earn (30 days only] i« _ TS
Floor Oilcloth (30 days only).f«id*" _"
SHIRKK A MIIRHK. stockron 0
C A lII C I. _ AM IN O. ' —
T K^TCHELLt A i: i-et CLEAjTcSgcS • iri
O. 14th St.; cleaning 3c a yard. Telt Mission 7°
CARPETS THOROUGHLY CLEANI I. AVfi'
\J renovated same as new. 8. KElUinifw 2
CO.. 23 Tenth bu Telephonejiumh^ l^',^^ *
CITY STEAM CARPET CLEA VI i»iAFXT.-r-
-tlng.3B Bth. STEVENS,^ l^ l^>.^
T MCQUEEN'S CARPET BEATING AVn wl?^r
J . ovatlng works^4s^StevensoM. ,2, A^ U K [ R ._-\-
--nd ■— «■* 313-315 Guerrj^r?^
retreating 353-7 g..°.? n ° n i^ rCM -CITY REAL, ESTATE.
/""< H. Vv, BSI &« c.
REAL ESTATE AGENTS. RENT COLLECTORS
AND AUCTIONEERS.
14 Montgomery >■.. near Market.
Call and obtain one of cur "Real Estate Records.*
which contains a list of properties for sale In all
parts of the city.
IMPROVED PROPERTY.
BARGAINS.
O'IAA NICE SUBSTANTIAL 2-STORY
« •' i "'• bsy-wlndow residence of 9 rooms and
bath; hrick foundation; all modern improvements
and conveniences: lot 25x187:6; must be sold;
offer wanted; marine views.
O"AAA BUSINESS CORNER ON OUER-
rS> i UUv'. rero st. : store and 3 rooms and flat of
6 rooms and bath; brick foundation; both streets
accepted; 27.':C0.
C. ziAnr, RENT $76 PER MONTH;
«J>OUUU. Kearny st ; 5 houses and lot 60x
187:6; offer wanted; must be sold.
C'O."-.AA BEAUTIFUL MISSION HOME;
.^t'tlv'l'. nice 'J-siory bay-window resldenc- of
9 rooms and hath: brick foundation; stone walks:
lovely grounds: lot i ; t.\i-j:(i; Howard st.
6 I 1 AA BARGAIN; RENT $588 PER AN.
1 IUI/, num; 3 s-Jbstatitial flats: corner on
prominent street In a good renting location east of
I.arkti: 5..; street accepted.
_Q7fifl 2 GOOD BAY-WINDOW FLATS
•~')i\'\J. on 25th st.; brick foundation; rent
S3O.
eOnnn RENT $810 PER ANNUM: 4 SUB-
O '.'l'Ul'. srantlal bay-window flats; nearly new;
brick foundation; lot 48x81:3; FUlmore st. *
QXOAA RAILROAD AYE., SOUTH SAN
•_''•'''• Francisco: 2-story building; store and
Ha:: lot 26x96; business location.
Ql 0 9^o Rr * T * 75 PER MONTH;
<_ iv.-UV. Stockton st. ; 3-story brick building
ana lot.
•<ln AOO 8 3- STORY HOUSES AND LOT
♦.. H'.l'W. 76x112:8. on a wide street south
of Market St.; street accented by the city.
Q1 X 000 3 2-STORY BAY - WINDOW
Ol' l • 1 " 1 ". holies and 2 cottages: north side
of Oak st. and Hickory aye.; lot 56x120; 'i front-
ages; rent $1116 per annum.
Q 79^0 RENT $720 PER ANNUM: 3 ELE-
tp I _«M '. _..,. | bay-window flats on Church St.:
brick foundation, etc.; lot 25x125.
Qf»OOO SICE HOME ON BAKER ST.;
,_ UUVU, rearl • new aud substantial bay-win-
dow residence of 9 rooms and bath; lirick founda-
tion; street accepted by the city; lot 26x82:6.
Q9O AAA CORNER ON 11TH ST.: 9 NEW
•7 1 — ' '.' M '" '. 3-story buildings In store and flats,
renting for $116 50 per month; lot 30x90: bo:u
streets accepted by the city.
r> »rtr)C| 2 NICE FLATSOF 4 AND 5 ROOMS
v* i >•»'". and bath each and lot; corner bricit
building on Washington st.; stone walks; street
accepted.
Q97AA A BARGAIN: CORNER ON BRY-
»__'"'*'• ant aye.; 2-« tory building in store and
3 rooms and flat; brick foundation; business cor-
ner.
Q^^PA A SNAP; LOVELY HOME ON
•_ • )•) ''. Broaerick st.: an eleeant nearly new
bay-winaow cottaee of 8 rooms and bath; all mod-
ern improvements and conveniences; lot 27:6 x
137:6.
Qq:.nA WILL trade EQUITY forva-
qpOtJ ' ' rani lot: a r^a! bargain: 2-story bay-
windov residence uf 7 rooms and bath; brick foun-
dation: a.l mo.l<-rn improvements; nearly new;
25x114; nice location In the Mission.
UNIMPROVED. !
$2300— snap; building lot on Scott St., 25x
116: H.
$8250-75x100; Oak St.; will subdivide; pan-
handle.
£1000— Bargain: building lot, 2,")xl00: York st.
$2850— Another snap; Fulton St.; 25x142; street
accepted; near public park.
,*l3oo— Cas:rost. : 25x105.
$1400— But ness corner on 22d St.: 25x101:6.
$1650— Harrison s:.: 112:6 to an alley.
G. H. UMBSEX A CO., 14 Montgoin«-"ry st.
A SACRIFICE,
-TV MUST BE SOLD THIS WEEK.
KEDUDJED FROM $6250.
$5000 — Handsome 2-stor- residence of 8 rooms
and bath on N. side of Pine St., nr ar Lacuna. At a
very small expense this property could be thor-
oughly renovated and nrodernlsed.
EASTON, ELDRIDOE * CO.,
63S Market st.
\ ' ESTERN ADDITION INVESTMENT. '
f'» NEAR SCOTT AND EDDY.
PAYS NEARLY 10 PER < I. NT PER ANNUM.
$14,000— Two ho i si -of 6 rooms and bath each I
and 2 flats of 5 and 0 rooms and bath each, in good I
condition: street bltumlnized; cement walks; brick
foundation. EASTON, ELDRIDGE _ CO.,
638 Market st.
ELEGANT MODERN RESIDENCE.
SW. COX. FELL mi lot I* t>TS.
FACING THE PARK PANHANDLE.
$12,600— A handsome house of 11 rooms and
bath; strictly modern; complete In all details; also
stable: lot 31:3x125, with L 75x25; this is an un-
excelled opportunity ■<> secure a fine home at a
sacrifice. Apply at oftice for permit to inspect.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE a CO.,
638 Market at.
VINE FLATS ,
x on SEVENTEENTH ST.
MUST BE SOLD.
$6600— Two handsome flats of 6|and 7 rooms
and bath: on north side of the street; only 3 years'
old: lot 25x110, with L 25x74; this property cost
oversHs«Jo. EASTON, ELDRIDGE _ CO.,
638 Market st.
\ COZY HOME ~~
-V NEW AND MODERN.
LOW CASH PRICE.
EASY TERMS.
Handsome 2-story house of 6 rooms and bath;
large basement; substantially built; complete in
all details; only 5250 cash, balance monthly same
es rent: on California st.. near Second aye.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE _ CO.,
• 638 Market st.
BIG VALUE. " '
ON FIFTEENTH ST.,
TWO BLOCKS NORTH OF MARKET.
Reduced to 56000: modern 2-story residence of
9 rooms, bath, stable and carriace-house: on the
north side of thet«treet: larire lot. 48x116; half of
lot vacant. EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO.,
'. • ■ 638 Market st.
PANHANDLE LOTS,
1 NEAR . DEN GATE PARK.
.SPECIAL BARGAINS.
$5500— DouMe lot on the north side of Page
street, near A shburj; 50x137:6: choice residence
site.
51750— Waller street, Dear Clayton; 25x108; fine
location for home.
$1500— North side of Carl street, near Cole-
137:6.
MORE LOTS.
ALL BARGAINS.
SURE TO ADVANCE.
$1250— 18 th street, near Noe: 26x114; elegant
view ; this is prospective business property.
$1100— A corner on the Ocean House road, near
the new racetrack; 50x127.
$750— North side of 15th street, near Castro ■
25x114; only two blocks from Market.
$500— 21 st avenue, near Clement; 25x120-
-graded, sewered and macadamized. ~ '
EASTON, ELDRIDGE * CO.
' 688 Market st.
W 7 " ILL E. JrISHER & CO., T ~
" REAL ESTATE AGENTS
AND GENERAL AUCTIONEEr S " "
14 POST ST.
HOUSES RENTED; PROPERTY CARED
FOR; RENTS COLLECTED.
RICHMOND LOTS FKOM $800 TO $1000
i_!||^.A LOT OS 51 i ,-.:., <\: I'OINT
C' -LViJyJ . lj " bf '- ; street work done; worth
? 1 - 00.
SOUTH OF THE PARK.
CM A A FOUR BLOCKS FROM THE PARK- '
iZ!'i\J\J. ready to Duiid on: easy terms; oalv a I
few left.
MISSION LOTS.
Q. 1 10TH ST., COR, DOLORES, 25x71;
i£)±O\J\J, easy terms.
WESTERN ADDITION.
C9^AA - ELEGANT MARINE -VIEW
t2£o\J\J. lots; 2fixlort:7 each; Ashbury M.,
north of Frederick; street bituminous
rock ; make offer.
C'OAAA CHOICE LOT, 37:6x137:6; BUSH
t^O\}\J\J. St., nr. Scott; must be sold at once.
IMPROVED.
_<?£AA TREAT AYE., BET. 23D AND
OJ.OUU. 24th sts.: 26x109; cheap.
_/ir\AA 725 CALIFOP.NIA ST.: 34x92; i
i ±O\J\J. large bouse; income 840 per month.
_cnnn ELEGANT, NEW, SUNNY COT-
%pc>UUl/. taire; flakerst., nr. Washington; no
reasonable offer refused.
©19 AAA ELEGANT VAN NESS AYE.
Ol_.vUU. residence; 16 rooii.s; modernjde-
slrable location.
_1') .%AA CHOICE BUSINESS INVEST-
O-L«£.vH'U. men:; California Bt., near Larkin;
40x80; substantial 3-story house; reut
$100; owuer anxionsto sell.
V LEG AXT HOUSE AND LOT; 36x103:6; E.
JCJ side Devisadero at, bet. Vallejo and Green;
cost $14,500; will sell at a sacrifice; make
offer.
W. RE < \ i ! IM i_*i-A t Th and insurance
BKOKKhS, 118 MONTGOMERY ST.
fl.rnrn SHOT-WELL, KB. 22D: 9 ROOMS,
ifcOZtn). •> baths; 32:6x122:6.
C*r»OPlA FULTON, NEAR OCTAVIA: 3
«S:U_UV/. flats and store; Jlne income: 25x87:8.
_ O<)r A MISSION. NR. 30TH; HOUSE OF 5
CO-. OU. rooms; 27x92.
C« 1 1 AA EACH-21ST. Ml SANCHEZ; 25x ,
%1 A \)\J u*i _m new. : LA IDLEY, NR.
_'4AA CABTEO ADDITIONS LAIDLEY.NK.
«3P«3UU. Koanoke; 25x100; part cash.
• QOAfl A FINE MODERN COTTAGE OF 6
»3>O^UvJ. larze sunny rooms and bath for sale
on easy terms, or will take vacant lots as part pay-
ment, or exchange for small place across the bey.
Address W. H. KOWLEIi, 318 Pint- s:.
CITY REAL KSTATE.
MA BISON & BURKE^ R^A^T~fiSTATE
Agents; established 1858: 626 Market st.
SW. COR.VAN NESS AYE. AND O'FARRELL
St.; 120 on Van Ness aye. by 178 in depth; 3
frontages. MADISON & BURKE.
Q7^oo KENT $80 PER MONTH; 4 TENE-
tjp I O\'\J. ments and lot. 26x120; 8. line of Pine
St., 60 E. of Polk; 2 frontages. MADISON <fc
BI'KKE.
01? "1 X AAA WALLET; ST. COR. SHBADER:
tiD-l-U.VJwU. new building stores and flats; lot
34 :7x80. MADISON <fc BURKE.
<2»1 Q 000 OCTAVIA, NR. ELLIS: 11
n&XO.KjyjyJ. rooms and bath; modern house:
lot 30x110. MADISON <t BURKE.
PARK RESIDENCE; FELL ST., NR. LOTT ;
-L rooms and bath: all modern conveniences;
25x137:6; only $7250. MADIBON & BUBKJS.
piIOICE SUNNY RESIDENCE OF 10 ROOMS,
\J bath, attic and basement: all improvements, j
heater, etc.; Stelner, bet. California and Sacra- |
mento; lot 26x106:3. MADISON «fc BURKE.
Q£^AA WASHINGTON, NEAR DEVISA-
tDvMUI'. dero— 7 rooms and bath: conserva-
tory; lot 25x127:8. MADISON <$; BURKE.
ONLY $6000: BRODERICK, NEAR BUSH;
lot 60x90. with house of 11 rooms, occupying
25 feet, which with small outlay can be turned into
two flats. MADISON <fe BURKE.
CiPf\(\f\ PAGE, NF.AK BRODERICK; KERI-
»>UUI'U, dence of 7 rooms and bath: lot 25x
87:6. MADISON it BURKE.
_.^AAA >'°- 24 ° MINNA ST., NR. 3D; EX-
£*s O\J\J\J. amlne and make an offer: store and 3
rooms: flat, 9 rooms. MADISON & BURKE.
C'^AAA 4 FLATS: STEVENSON ST.. NEAR
OOUUU. Ridley: rents $44; lot 26x77:6.
street accepted. MADISON & BURKE.
C'QAAA MINNA. NEAR 7TH. 2 FLATS,
£«OUUU. renting for $30: lot 22:6x80.
O9AAA HKyT!i! $24 PER MONTH; LE
<jp_UUv/. Roy place, near Sacramento and
Leavenworth Hts.; lot 22:6xb0.
mo'A 6 ROOMS AND BATH; RENTS 812;
tJpOOVm Potrero, near Union Iron Works: lot
25x65.
HOUSE AND LOT; 1318 LEAVENWORTH
St., bet. Clay and Washington; 9 rooms and
bath: electric lighting; hot-air furnace; been
rented for $60; reduced from $8500 to $7260. Ap-
ply MADISON & BURKE.
UNIMPROVED PROPERTY.
$10.500— Devisadero, near Fulton: 82:6x90.
$15.000— Capp and 19th; corner: 125x122:6.
$5500— Washington, corner I. son; 31 :3xlOO.
$4500— 24 th, NE.COT. Vtcksburg; r,0x114.
$4000—66x117:6: SE. cor. Bandies and 23d.
t3sOO— Stelner, near Pine: 25x103.
$3500- Baker, near Jackson: 27:8x110.
$2700— Noe. near Market: 25x100.
$2500— Cheap; Clay, near Baker; 25x105.
$2400— Castro, cor. .Elizabeth: 26:6x105.
$2200— Lyon. near Grove; 25x100.
$1550— VioUsburff, near 22d; 32:6x117:6 to an
alley.
$1350— Jessie, nr. Hermann: 25x77:6: part cash.
Sanchez, cor. Valley: 26:6x100; $1250.
MADISON A BURKE. 626 Market St.
HOVEE, TOY & CO.,
REAL ESTATE AGKNTB,
19 MONTGOMERY ST., UNDER LICK HOUSE.
_1 RAH COTTAGE; VERY EASY TERMS:
(JIUUU. lot 25x114; contains 4 rooms and
hath: 1 block from Castro-st. cars.
teU*) X A '-'"STORY RESIDENCE OF 8 ROOMS
mU_Uv/. and bath; rents $50 per month: lot
25x110; Pine st.
Q9JOO PRICE REDUCED; COTTAGE OF 4
•- — IUU. rooms; reals $15; lot 30-foot front-
age; Post M.
v£Q7'o JOHN ST.. NEAR POWELL AND
»4>O I «JU. Jackson; rents $420 per annum;
house of 9 roonis and bath.
<<"\AA MUST BE SOLD; HAIOHT ST.,
._^v >)yr\t. sunny side, near Webster: 3 modern
flats; rents $70 per month: 1« 25x100 feet.
£••>•>- A RENTS $348 PER YEAR; 2 SEPA-
»]pO^.»JV/. rate flats, 5 and 6 rooms; rear cot-
.-■ 4 rooms: one-half block from 17th and Valen-
cia; splendid investment.
(J_ ! (JAn COTTAGE OF 5 ROOMS, \
•4T 1 OUU one-half block from Union-st. cars.; nr. I
Jones st. .
_ •'» "^AA HOUSE OF 8 ROOMS AND BATH;
'~UO\i\>. conservatory, etc.; lot i>oxl62, nr.
Noe and 13ih sis.; mace offer.
<< ' \f\i\ MAKE OFFER: CALIFORNIA ST.,
t&UO\J\J. near Larkin; 30x80; rent $67 60;
house 14 rooms.
©CA AAil RENTS $350; LOT 50x80; 4-
•. '""■vV/". story building near Market and
Sixth ets.; mortgage $20,000; will exchange for
equity.
S_ A] AA 'LAY ST., NEAR MASON; HOUSE
Oil UU. of 10 rooms and bath: rents $35.
£• »> 1 AAA POWELL ST., NEAR PINE;
«Js— 'l.'JUU. lot 44x112:6; four flats; rents
! $170 per month: very central.
I4£Of w COTTAGE OF 3 ROOMS; LOT 25x70;
' UtiJ\J\J» near Miss!on-st. electric cars; cheap
home.
ft 9oo SPLENDID RENTING PROPER- j
'Jj\J+-\J\J. ty; very central downtown location: i
lot 30x100; house of 17 rooms, 2 baths; rents $70
per month.
C_f_F;Af| 20TH-ST., NEAR VALENCIA;!
*Z**JO\J\J . house of 6 rooms and bath; easy \
terms.
©9900 BENTS $22; HOUSE OF 8 ROOMS;
<H ~vv, near Jones an 1 Sacramento sts.; very
central.
Qft9*ooo BENTS $395 PER MONTH;
CU_.WUU. lot 137:6x137:6; 14 flats; mort-
gage $30,000, 6V_ per cent; prominent corner;
splendid location; Western Addition.
ej9('^fl TWO FLATS: RENTS $26 PER
«8 — Ui>U. month; near Broadway and Jones
sts.: always rented.
£•'_>£( |A RENTS »« PER MONTH: TWO
gi)u»u. flats, and stable on rear street; 2
frontages: Leavenworth and Jackson sts.
CM 000 BENTS $40 PER MONTH; 3 TEN-
'jTtUuu. ements; near California and Powell
sis. : very central.
wjQXAA CLAy ST -i NEAR LARKIN; LOT
<$OO\i\J. 87:6x127:6; house 10 rooms; serv-
ant's room, etc.
<£7flon CLAY ST., NR. POLK; 8 BOOMS
*p t \JKJ\J. and bath; rents $42 50.
"a m. SPECK A CO., 602 MARKET ST.
-l!.. M. SPECK & CO.. 602 MARKET ST.
$100,000 to loan in sums to salt.
HOMES! HOMES! HOMES!
20 houses to be sold to satisfy
Mortgages. Terms, $200 down.
Every one offered worth double our
price.
$2000—2 flats downtown; rent $18;
a snap.
SiiOOO— 2 new flats; rent 830; on car
line.
$5000— Rents *48 ; 3 new flats on car
line.
$6500— Two elegant flats, with a sta-
ble, on Pace st.
$6760—3 elegant flats near Height
and Fillmore: rents $61: lot 25x110.
$8000— 3 fiats on Bush, near Jones;
rents $70.
$95,000— Business property: 3 front-
ages: rents $MO0: lot 80x120 feet.
$12, 5l>0— Kills St.; investment; rents 1
$125.
$10,000— Business property on Steuart
street, near Market.
$20X00— Corner: new improvements;
rents $180.
$70.000— 70x100; within a
few blocks of Baldwin; rents $6000:
worth $100,000: offer wanted at once.
$110,000— Business property on Mar-
ket St.: 2 frontages; offer wanted: lot
50x165.
$17,000— and flats; lot 40x90
feet- rents 8140; on Larkin st.
$16,000— Finest bargain in tb,e mar-
ket; surely worth C20.0O0: $9000 can
remain on mortgage; line improve-
ments: rent $150; only few blocks from
V. M.C a.
/CENTER & SPADKK, ~~
\j real ESTATE AND brokers,
RENTS COLLECTED. -.
OFFICE, 30 MONTGOMERY ST.
Ql A AAA MAKE OFFER; CHOICE BUSI-
tJiT.UUU. nt-ss corner on Fell St.. nr. Van
Ness, consisting of store and flat of 6 rooms and 2
flata o? i rooms each; ,-■ nu over 7 per cent net;
lot 27 6x120; rect work done.
*;("> i( :_ | BARGAIN; 2 FLATS OF LATEST
•_ U'MtU. modern Improvements; 6 and 7
rooms; rents $55 per month; Fell St., nr. FUlmore;
! lot 26x100.
CJUQOO HERE'S A SNAP; NEW 2-STORY,
•4POOUVJ. bay-window house In Mission warm
belt, containing 7 rooms, bath and basement; 1005
! Treat aye . nr. 23d; only part cash.
SJ')"\AA EAUJI ox TERMS TO SUIT PUR-
. &O\J\J chaser: thre • new bay-w'ndow co:-
-tages; 1314, 1816, 1318 York, nr. 25th. ; 6 rooms
and bath; lot 26x100.
Cf 1X122:6; HOWARD, NR. 24TH; MUST BE
«-'V sold; no reasonable offer refused.
QlmiH REDUCED FROM $2COO FOR
rit C i UU- sale; NW. cor. of 23d St., nr.
Church; note size of lot -52:6x90.
C CHOICE LOTS OX WALLER ST., NR. FILL-
•V more; i must be old as a whole or in
ions; 120 each to rear street.
fi in l ? X BUILDING IXjT ON 17TH ST.;
\J -'Ox 100: cheap.
.^°i(KM'l _*STORY BAY-WINDOW RBSI-
>J)V\J\J\J. deuce; 7 rooms; bath and basement;
j on Castro, nr. 21stj easy terms.
CKNTKH «v .-■'.-, PER, 30 Montgomery st.
EEAL ESTATE FOR SALE BY [
J-t C. H. REYNOLDS A CO.,
333 MONTGOMERY ST.
RICHMOND DISTRICT BARGAINS.
f?«U!~?- 0 »i? tI ' ob r sav *' nue ' 8 P len<lirt corner lot.
Siff_i£_ ■ c . or vi ot: 43d Rv »*- " orth of^"M-fc
!?ii.)tt — Point Lobos-ave. corner lot
86000-D st.; business corner lot; N. line Golden
boSfevard near . car teriulmiß Ucean Ef ach and
?8500-Broderick st.; desirable residence, near
Vi ashmgto st.: convenient to car line
9400- Wayne St., Bernal Heights; Gift Map lots
near Cortland aye.: school and electric lights
276x140-Nursery location, Jefferson st .' near
< ortland. Han Bruno and Crescent ayes.; flue view
Hous'-s and lots in all parts of the city. Ware-
houses and business property Investments,
DO YOU WANT CASH FOB ANY LOTtTOB
blocks between First aye. and the ocean
Richmond: we suaramee highest prices; noaelny
we build you a home, advance eufliclent money
, that you can buy a lot and build a home and pay
only 6 to 7 percent interest; no Installments or
building and loan societies: they are a failure- be
sure and investigate our plan. ■ RICHMOND
LAND, LOAN AND IMPROVEMENT COM-
PANY, 24 Montgomery st. ; Richmond office, cor
Point Lobos aad Fifth uves.
Hmsi-.s J»UILTSI6O TO 8276 A ROOM, CALL"
and examine p lan _ 11 49 Mission st.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 12, 3 896.
CITY. REAL ESTATE.
A. H. LISSAK. O. F. YON RHKIN.
OF. YON RHEIN <£ CO., REAL ESTATE
. Agents, Auctioneers and House Brokers, 513
California street.
Corner Clay and Si .kton; 69:8x63:9; Chinese
stores; rents $142 60.
Stockton, nr. Clay; 66:10x63:9: Chinese stores;
rents $45.
$15.000— Taylor, near Eddy; 25x80: 2 bay-win-
dow flats, 13 rooms and baths ; rents $77 60.
, $12,000— Paste ' near Hough, to Rose aye. : 27 :6 x
120; 2 flats In front and 2 in rear: rents $76.
$14,000— Howard, bet. Ist and 2d; 41:8x85; 2
houses: rents $45.
$5000— Leavenworth and Lombard- 40x97:6;
new bay-window cottage, 8 rooms and bath ; cash
$1000: balance at purchaser's convenience.
$10,500— Francisco, Stockton ; 45 :10x137 :6;
4 houses and 2 rear houses; 24 rooms: rents $82.
$10,000— Howara, near Ist; 25x85; inadequately
improved: rent $40.
$10,000— Pine and Pierce; 24:6x87:6 fine resi-
dence, 12 rooms and bath.
$S26o— near Sutter; 26x68:9; 2-story
house.; 10 rooms and bath: rent $60.
88000— Kissling, near 11th and Howard; 47x80;
4 flats.
$8000— Howard, near 23d; 62:4x122:6; 2-story
residence, 8 rooms and bath.
$8000— O'Farrell, near Hyde; 28x90; 2-story
house, 7 rooms and bath; rent $35.
$boOo— Jessie, near 4th; 25x70; 2-story house,
saloon, etc.
$6500— Mason, near Post; 18x56; 2-story house :
7 rooms and bath ; rents $31 50.
$6500— Mission, iifar 24th; 21:6x117:6 to an
alley; store and flat above.
$6600— Corner Vallejo and Taylor; 82:6x67:6;
house. 12 rooms and bath.
$6500— Everett, near 3d: 3 bay-window fiats, 17
rooms and bains; rents 850; 23:9x80.
$6350— Paciac, near Hyde; 45x65: 2 flats.
$5000— Francisco at. and Worden place, near
Stockton; 25x68:6; 2-story house; butcher-shop
and 8 rooms, and upper flat, 6 rooms and bath;
rentgsB9.
84200— Guerrero, near 21st; 28x92-6; cottage, 5
rooms and bath.
$3300— Waller, near Steiner, through to Ger-
mania: 26x120; 2 flats on Germania frontage;
rents $23.
Cottage— near Chestnut; unobstructed
marine view; $ 1200 cash, balance same as rent;
27:6x110.
Francisco, near Stockton: 23x68:9; cot-
tage. 6 rooms and large basement.
$Sooo— Salmon, near Pacillc ; 20x60 to Himmel-
! man Place; front and rear house, 11 rooms; rents
| $30.
' $3000— Natoma, near Ist; 23x75; 3 flats, 13
I rooms: rents $32.
$ 2800— Shipley, near Harrison aye., 7th and Fol-
i som; 20x75; 2-story house, 2 flats, 8 rooms: rents
[ $20.
$1750— Fairmount Tract; Arlington, near Mi-
guel: 28x108; $250 cash, balance to suit pur-
chaser; cottage, 4 rooms-
sl2so— Salmon, near Broadway: 20x60; 2-story
house, 4 rooms; rent $8.
PROVED.
Valencia, near 23th-st. railroad station; 61x
117:6 10 an alley.
$5500— California, near Hyde: 27:6x137:6.
$3200— Liberty, neur Dolores; 50x114.
$1676— 25' l and Kansas: 25x100.
$3200- Dolores, near29tb; 50x75.
$1200— Cor. B and 25th aye.; 60x188.
$1000— Homestead, near 28th; 50x250 through
to Kllen.
> $1000— Homestead, near 24th; 60x125; will
I subdivide.
$900— Hancock, bet. Sanchez and Noe: 25x114.
$800— Park Lane Tract ; 2 lots, block R, Serpen-
| tine road.
O'FARRELL * CO.,
REAL ESTATE BROKERS,
11 Montgomery st.
Q^OAO POLK-ST. RESIDENCE; 2-STORY;
*Z'tJ\.'V>\J. 7 rooms and bath: modern; rant $40
per month; lot 26x100; will be very valuable
property.
CjftCnfl PROBATE SALE: 3 HOUSES ON
<t£)VO\J\J. lot 60 feet front: pays 10 per cent
only a few steps from Fourth and Market sts.
SOLD FOR ABSENTEE; LARKIN-ST. COR-
ner; large frontage; both streets accepted,
worth $18,000; will be sold for $14,000; one of the
few inside vacant properties in the market.
THE CHEAPEST YET; 2 LOTS NEAK MAM-
ket and 17th; level: street graded and sewered;
no lot on same street can be bought for less than
$1600: will be sacriflc_l for $1200 each to make
immediate sale.
$350 TO $525 EACH.
HAVE YOU SEEN OKA UK ELL * CO.'S
MOST POPULAR SUBDIVISION?
150 satisfied purchasers since the sUe com- '
menced.
Will you make it 151?
Beautiful little cottages springing up all over the
, tract.
Remember there are but 12 lots left.
That they are level.
Thai the street work is done.
That they are all less than a block from Mission
it- and the electric cars.
Thai they are sold on $10 monthly payments.
That we have a brunch olh'i'p on the property,
and our representative, OEO. A. TURNER, will be.
there dally from 10 to 12 and all day Sunday until
the lots are so:d.
Take Mlssion-st. electric cars, get off at Cotter
st. or China aye. and you are on the property.
O'FAP.RKLL * CO.,
11 Montgomery st.
4 HOME TALK.
Our plan is to sell you a home for the same
monthly payment's that you now waste In rent. Yes,
\ waste, for you get no returns; you are continually
I paying out and nothing to show for it. We will
build you a five (5) room and bath cottage, Includ-
ing lot, for $2500. Three hundred (300) dollars
! down, $25 monthly, which averages you 56 40
per month Interest (or rent), the balance of $18
■ •■- month goes toward payment of your home,
instead of to the landlord.
, THE HEYMAN TRACT is ore of the finest
residence locations in the city. Castro and 22d
st. electric cars close to tract; street graded and
sewered, and pure sprinc water piped.
Go out and see the tract and the houses now be-
ing built, and then coll at the office and make ar-
rangements. JACOB HEYMAN,
Room 5, Crocker building, post and Market sts.
Si 3so EACH— SS DOWN AND $5 A MONTH.
NO INTEREST. NO TAXES.
Will buy a fine building lot 25x114 on 29th St.,
nr. Diamond, only 3 blocks from Castro-street
cable and 29:h-street electric cars.
The cheapest lets ever offered.
JACOB HEYMAN, owner, room 6, Crocker
building. Post and Market ets.
_1 CO LEVEL LOTS. 38x90 EACH, IN
<iv?Lf)\J. Ocean View, near electric road, on $5
monthly payments. JACOB UK \ MAN, room 5,
Crocker building, Post and Market sts.'
•OOULiiVARD LOTS FROM $250 TO $500
X> each on $5 monthly installments: fine residence
lately built on this bloclc. JACOB UFY'MAN
room 5, Crocker building. Post and Market sts.
-]>UILDING LOTS FROM TO «6SO EACH
Xi close to Mission and 30th sts., on 10 monthly
payments.
JACOB HEYMAN, owner, room 5, Crocker
building:.
A PICK UP. ; "~ ""
BUSINESS CORNER.
DOWNTOWN.
$53 000 nENTS *' iOl PKR MONTH.
FINE IMPROVEMENTS.
large corner, 70x70; same tenants for years-
never vacant; location close to Bush and Kesrny
sts.; reduced from $66,000; must be sold at once-
full particulars at office.
BURNHAM & MARSH CO..
428 Montgomery st.
000 CASH; KENTSfIII PEK MONTH;
rt\J\J\J balance $6000 on montage.
Largo lot 100x80: 3 good two-story houses and
4 flats; ii great bargain.
ffl»^7Xf\ KLEOANT RESIDENCE; COST
<J)D i OK}. $10,000 new.
Residence of 11 rooms; fine stable, etc.; location
entrance of Golden Gate Park; must be sold at
once; terms to suit; a snap.
Q93 i£ KKT3 $105 PER MONTH;
<JP^"<-' # O\J\J. Eddy st.! near Jones; large lot and
2-story building; don't miss this chance.
<!k1 '"» 37 w RBNT $120 PER MONTH;
tJDJL«.».«J I O. business corner; Bth and Market
sts.; building cost $13,000; a bargain.
Qifi^OO k KENT $140 PER MONTH;
I\J,O\J\J . business property; Larkin st.-
large lot, 41x87:6; line improvement:!; never va-
cant. __
<!sifil ?\(\ RENTS $50-
-<JpUlc>l/. new flats; 15th st., near Market.
BURNHAM & MARSH CO.,
428 Montgomery st.
AGNIFICEN i' VIEW. ~~
o_^_AA. JACKSON ST., N. SIDE. E. OF
«JPU_\/V/. Cherry; large choice lot 40x110 to
Presidio Reservation; cheap and desirable.
ELEGANT LOCATION.
Q_^AAA BAKER ST., NEAR CALIFORNIA,
tIpUUUVJ. B. tide; laiTre desirable lot 65x82:6-
-street accepted; surroundings very choice '
ROBERT J. MERCER & SON, 410 Pine St.
<£11 000 LOT 45 : 10 x 1 3 7:6: THIS IB
«JpXX.V/Ul/. cheapest water lot for sale in the
locality of Spear and Howard sts.
m- 11 00 LOT 26x120' UN THE E. LINE OF
J. I\J\'- Bth aye., near li st.; this Is the cheap-
est lot in this iocHlity and is on the sutro car line.
We have on hand several large improved nroi>
erties from $50,000 to 8160,000 that Investors
should take a look at. J. W. WRIGHT <& CO
02 8 Market St. '
"1 AKEVIEW LOTS; $5 PER MONTH. THE
XJ MCCARTHY CO., 646 Mark»t st,
IF sold TO-DAY; THIS lot is
«JS_UU worth double; 2 blocks south of the
park; cash or installments; title insurance- see
owner at once. 9 Powell st., room 8.
PACIFIC HEIGHTS-COUGH, NEAR BROAD-
X way, No. 2420; new house, contains 8 rooms
and ail improvements; 87600; easy terms; house
ourn.
CITY KEAt ESTATE.
©77KA BRODERICK^ "NEAR FULTON-
(OI * *J\J. '2 flats of 8 and 7 rooms and bath
each; lot 25x100: rents $65.
Gs^OO WASHINGTON ST., BET. STOCK-
tipUcH'V'. ion and Powell; 2-story and basement
house of 8 rooms and bath: also 4 rear tenements
of 4 rooms each; lot 25x137:6; rents $60.
<81^nnn SHOTWELL ST., BET. 22D AND
tjpuv/UU. 23d: 2-story ana basement frame
building at 9 rooms; lot 32:6x122.
CM^AA 17TH ST., BET. HOWARD AND I
tJ)trUUU. Capp; 2-story building containing 2 I
flats of 5 and 6 rooms and bath each; lot 25x100;
rent $38. -
<3!^ 000 CALIFORNIA ST., NEAR I
iSOO.\J\J\J. Kearny; 89x137:6: old Improve-
ments renting for $141 per month; would pay
handsomely If improved.
Q»77CA SHOTWELL ST., BET. SEVEN-
tjp 1 i O\J. teenth and Eighteenth: 3 nice bay-
window flats of 6, 6 and 7 rooms and bath- lot
25x122:6; rent $50: mortgage $2500; will ex-
change tor downtown property and pay difference
jn cash.
<£7finn HARRIET ST., JTR. HARRISON; 3
«IP I Kty^J. two-story houses of 6 rooms each;
rents $6P| lot 50x75.
©90 A A SANCHEZ ST., NR. ELIZABETH:
<Up_iOul/. bay-window cottage of 5 rooms and
bath.
©79^0 PRICE REDUCED FROM $8500:
«Jp I juOXJ . Leavenworth st., nr. Clay; two-story
bay-window house of 9 rooms and bath.
<3izl9^O BT ?SH ST NR. FILLMORJS; LOT
«3)tt_C«)U. 25x127:6 to Wildey st.; improve-
ments on Bush a-.— cottage of 5 rooms; on Wildey
St.— two-story building of 9 rooms; rents $480 per
annum. __^
<n>Q"|AA SACRAMENTO ST., NR. SPRUCE;
«JP»JI \JV. one two-story cottage of 4 rooms; lot
31:8x130.
DOWNTOWN INVESTMENT.
<2£39 000 BENT $2700 PER ANNUM;
<25O_J.vuU. Suiter-st. corner,' close to town-
splendid modern building.
BALDWIN A HAMMOND,
__^ 10 Montgomery st.
TF YOU BUY A LOT
IF YOU BUY A LOT FEBRUARY IST
BEFORE FEBRUARY IST
You will be qualified to compete for the prizes we
have offered to parties who will build houses In tho
Castro-street Addition before April 1, 1896. This
offer Is also open to the 115 people who have al-
ri»'!y pu chased. Send for our printed circular
giving full particulars aud conditions of this lib-
eral oiter, which is equal to $760 in coin.
As «■.' have large holdings of land in the Castro- I
street Addition we are willing to make these very !
liberal inducements, realizing that the value of our !
Innil will be Increased.
If you have not seen the Castro-street Addition go
at once. It is the cheapest property in the city.
GOOD BUILDING LOTS CAN
BE HAD FOR $350
On streets graded, sewered and macadamized;
water piped to every lo: ; electric lights on the
property: all ready for immediate building.
en the line of the Guerraro-sireet electricroad;
25 minutes' ride from the City Hall; 5 minutes' I
from 30th and Guerrero streets.
THE TERMS ARK S5 A MONTH.
Can you buy lots anywhere else in this city with :
the street work done for 9330 on $5 monthly pay- I
ments? Buy a lot, build a house and get a prize.
BALDWIN & HAMMOND,
10 Montgomery st.
SELLING FAST. ~ ~~
Those choice lots on
. Clement St., Point Lobos and
26th ayes.; extra large lots:
Prices $375 and upward:
$50 cash; $10 monthly;
a flue opportunity
To muke money.
Sutro electric cars on Clement st. '
BALDWIN <fc HAMMOND,
10 Montgomery st.
\ NEW BLOCK: "— "
_A. .M -I SUBDIVIDED,
BOUNDED BY 10Tn AND 11TH AYES.,
N AND O BTS.J
SOUTH OF THE PARK:
Prices, $350 for corners, 32:6x100-
Inside lots, $ 25x120. $'J76 each;
Terms, 925 cash, $1 monthly.
BALDWIN * HAMMOND,
10 Montgomery st.
SEE OUR ADVERTISEMENT IN THIS PA- ,
per for the Great Auction Sale to be held on
January 23: property fronting on Market, Mission,
Valencia, Hermann, Twelfth and Stevenson uts.,
in subdivisions; !± cash: everybody Interested,
iiALDWIN A HAMMOND,
10 Montgomery st.
J* OHN P>ORR, 3JB~MONTGOMERY »T., OPP-7
tl Hafe Deposit, offers for sale:
j $3500— Fine corner lot 70x1 10, cor. I st. and 10th '
aye, 1 block from car line and entrance to the park. i
; lis7ooo— Rent. $60; r.- -on-, St., near Bth ; 3 story;
store, and 10 rooms and hath upstairs; lot 28x100
feet.
S&9oo— Rent JB5: lot 46:6x62:6: Jackson st., I
near Mason, with 2 houses of 11 rooms each; al-
ways rented.
$50,000— Taylor St., near Market; 45x137:6;
2 stores below and 2 apartments of 9 rooms each |
upstairs: always rented.
$'J7, 500-137 ":6x85; in the neighborhood of 4th
and Market sts.; covered with old improve- j
ments; will be manufacturing property.
Reduced to $30,500— Northwest corner Mission
and 17th sts.; lot 65x100 feet, with improvements; I
Si-story: 3 stores. 3 flats and 2 cottages: rent $200. '
$12,600— Valencia St., south of 10th; 2-story bay-
window house, store and dwelling back and com-
modious flat 7 rooms and bath upstairs; lot 30x83
feet: always rented: make offer.
$8000— 7 th st., near Bmnnau; lot 25x75, with
improvements; renting at $30.
DWELLINGS.
$7250— Modern built 2-story house on Fulton St.,
near Fillraore; 9 rooms and bath; lot 27:6x136.
$3100— A fine cottage, 5 rooms and bath, on 19th
at., near Castro; on installments without interest.
UNIMPROVED.
$550— 15 th aye.. bet. C and I) sts.; 25x120. ■
Corner Flllmore and Grrmanla sts.; 24x81
$3500— Lot 75x100 feet; cor. 19th end EureKa
streets; make offer.
ffik~l AA CASH, BALANCE EASY TERMS, !
*Z)Ji\-'\J for a nice cottnge home.
(2*99 A A MUST BE SOLD; COTTAGE AND
qftZiZlKjyj. jot, 25x114, on 21st St., between San-
chez and No.?; It will go cheap; part cash.
(2»9r;AA TnE MORTGAGE IS BEING
*ip.Zj*J\J\J. foreclosed and an offer is wanted:
cottage on Elizabeth st., near Douglafs.
Ctq^flO RENT $40; THIS 13 A BARGAIN,
itf)*JUvJ\J, with a fine income; Natorna at., near
6th. McEWEN BROS., 118 Montgomery st.
SOL GETZ & BROTHER,
REAL ESTATE OWNERS,
ROOM A, FIRST FLOOR, CROCKER BUILDING.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS.
PRICES ARE DOWN TO BOTTOM.
Now is the time to buy bargains in lots.
ffli7^TO $300 FOR BPLE ND i d"IOTS NEAR
♦4P •«' the park and Grand Boulevard ; $10 down
and $5 monthly. bOL GETZ A imo.
QOAA $400, 5450, 5500 T0 $1100; CHOICEST
«3)«JV/l». lots north and south of the rark, ready
to build on, from Ist ove. io 20th aye. and Point
Lobos, Clement, California and Lake sts. in Rich-
mond, and near Affiliated Colleges: opposite con-
cert valley and Strawberry Hill late on the south;
terms to suit purchaser. SOL OETZ <fe BKO.
Finn TO $250: BUILDING LOTS NEAR
«T-IVV' Mission-." 1 . and electric car lines: only
$10 down and $5 monthly. SOL GETZ <fe BRO. "
CALL FOR MAPS AND DIAGRAMS.
SOL GETZ A BRO., Owners,
Room A, first floor, Crocker building.
oney ' ~ -~ :
loaned ON real estate
AT LOWEST MARKET
RATES.
BORROWERS ACCOMMODATED AT
SHORT NOTICE BY THE
CALIFORNIA
TITLE INSURANCE AND TRUST COMPANY.
OFFICE— BUILDING.
L. B. ELLERT, MANAGER.
AC DOWN, S.IPI.K MONTH" CITY LOTS;
tip*-) $100 up. THE MCCARTHY CO.. 646 Market.
C~^ C. bemih. ~ ~ ; :
\J . REAL ESTATE AND LAND AGENT.
3V!4 MONTGOMERY ST.
FOR SALE.
$7200 rent a year — Brick building; business I
property on Market st.
120x195— N\V. cor. of A st. and 27th aye.; as a !
whole or in subdivisions.
$11,000— Cor. Pacific aye. and Baker su: 65x
137 feet.
f 2OOO— E. side of Btanyan st., bet. Carl and
Frederick; 25x100 feet.
$450— San Carlo* Villa lot; 100x150 feet.
$6700— .'.0x127:6 feet on Jackson st., overlook-
ing the Presidio and bay.
. $6000—2 modern hotjses of 8 rooms each, at
park: 25x137:6 feet; electric road passes houses;
make offer.
$2500— 2-story 8-roonaed house on Harrison st.,
bet. First ana Fremont.
$400— Lot on Duncan st., bet. Ivoo and Castro: 25
xll4 feet.
$8500— Elegant N.V. corner of Cole and Carl sts.
$300— Choicn building lots north of park.
ELEGANT HOUSE AND LOT FOR SALE- 36 x;
103:6; east side Dcvlsadero, bet. Vallejo and
Green; cost $14,500; will sell at a sscrlfiet;: make
offer. WILL K. FISHKR & CO.. II Post st.
2" OT 25x127:6 ON 15TH AVK.BET, D AND
J C sts., Richmond Tract, cheap; must bo sold;
party going away. For particulars Inquire at 1805
Mission st.
1 WEEKLY— GOOD BERKELEY LOTS. .
x $100-Lot 100x100; $1 weekly; steep and
cap.
$175-Lot 25x135; $1 weekly.
$260— Lot 26x100: $1 weekly: sewered.
$325— Lot 26x100; $1 50 weekly; macadamized.
$250— Creek corner. 40x100; $1 weekly.
$150— 24x100: $1 weekly.
CHAS. A. BAILEY, 46 Market St., or Berkeley
station, Berkeley.
. CITY REAL ESTATE.
SHAIA*WALdT~BUCKBEE & CO., REAL ES-
O TATE AGENTS,
218-220 MONTGOMERY ST., MILLS
BUILDING.
HOUSES RENTED.
$1140— Only $60 a lot for 19 lots; south of park;
225x240; very cheap. •
$13,500— Eddy st., near Larkin; price reduced
from $23,000; 3 substantial houses; rents 60;
lot 57:6x93.
$2700— Nineteenth st., near Castro; modern cot-
tage of 6 rooms and bath; lot 30x75; easy terms If
desired.
$11,500— Suttor st., north side, near Leaven-
worth; 2 handsome modern flats of 6 and 7 rooms
and bath; rents $85; lot 25x87:6.
$3000— Beautiful new cottage: 12 Day st., near
Dolores: contains 5 rooms, bath and basement;
easy terms ; small ' cash payment; balance at 7 per
cent; lot 25x114.
$850— Terms $100 cash, balance $20 monthly;
Richmond lots; 10th aye., near California at.;
cheap.
$600— Hill St., near Sanchez; 25x114; offer
wanted.
$2250— st.: marlno view; Presidio Heights,
near Laurel St.; 27:6x127:8Vi, or two lots at the
same rate.
$6250-905 Fillmore st.. near McAllister; hand-
some two-atory cottage of 7 rooms and bath; lot
25x87:6.
$2675— 916 Hampshire st., near 21st: new cot-
tage of 4 rooms and bath; stable for 3 horses; lot
25x100; easy terms if desired.
$5250— Broderick st., near Clay: very handsome
cottage of 5 rooms and bath; lot 27:8*4x80.
$5600— Folsom st., near 14th: three modern flats
of o and t» rooms ana bain; rents s42; lot 25x122 :6
feet.
$15,000— Mission st., N. line, near sth: store and
flat above; $9000 mortgage can remain at 6y a
per cent; lot 25x90.
$3300— Stevenson st, near 19th; 2 flats of 4 and
5 rooms and bath: rents $30; lot 25x60.
$5000— 21 st St., near Valencia; price reduced;
lot 22x90 feet; rents $47.
$4250— Minna st., near 2d; rents $42; lot
25x80 teet.
$6000— Price reduced from $7600; subitantlal
bay-window house of 8 rooms tnd bath; Golden
Gate aye., near Pierce: lot 27:6x110 feet.
$4500— 14 th and Jessie sts., northwest corner;
25x95 feet.
81260— 215t st. and York, southeast corner; 25x
100 feet.
$9250— Mission st.. near 19th; lot 45x122:6,
with 2 houses: rents $45.
$2800— Cost owner over $4000 ; handsome modern
bay-window cottage, 5 rooms and bath; cement
street: online Sutro electric road; easy terms.
equal to rent if desired.
$1250— Stevenson st., near 14th, 25x65 feet; or
three lots at same rate.
$1100— Noe St., E. line, near Hill; 25x110 feet;
lot all graded and ready to build on.
$3400— N. side Jackson St.. near Leavenworth, a
2-story flat of 4 rooms each ; rent $24 60 per
month : size lot 24 :6x82.
$1700— lay st., Spruce; Presidio Heights;
25x127:81,4, or 3 lots at the same rate.
$2000— Chnrcn st., bet. 15th and 16th sts.; 25x
125 feet; on line electric road.
The above Is only a partial list. We will be glad
to furnish a complete list on application.
SHAINWALD. BUCKBEE & CO.,
218-220 Montgomery m., Mills building.
OBD I N AH Y BARGAIN.
-CJ PRICK $5500. PRESENT INCOME, $50.
SHOULD BRING $75 A MONTH.
Elegant 4-story fine building on heavy brick
foundation; containing 16 main beautifully fin-
ished rooms, 20 closets, 11 marble mantel* and
grates, 4 bathrooms, dummy waiter, elevators,
speaking-tabes, buy-windows front and rear, man-
sard roof, new plumbing, sidewalk, sewer and
street work good and complete; the 23x27 -.6- foot
lot has open paved alley in rfar; In first-class con-
dition; 6 minutes' walk from Market and Kearny.
N. D. BICKELS,
THK.
LAND AGENT,
318 Post St., bet. Stockion ana Powell, City.
"V" 1■ : \\ SUNNY COTTAGES ON EASY TERMS;
-^> $3600; Snot well st., near 17th; 5 rooms, bath,
gas, elegant m ntels. tiled s4nk; high basement:
cement sidewalk; lars{« lot: 8 c;ir lines; open
dally. E. P. 1 . i HOY, owner, SOI Ca ifornia st.
pOTTAGE JUST COMPLETED; $3600; EASY
\J ler is; Bbotwell St.. near 17th; 6 rooms, hath,
gas; elegant mantels, shades; tiled sink; ail mod- i
crn; open daily. E. P. E. TROY, owner, 301 Cali-
fornia s .
FOB ~ BALE OB* TRADE-ICO- ACRE GRAIN
ranch: all fenced: comfortable buildings: near
Tipton.Tulare County: price 6000. I'HILIiKICK
<fc CO., 2548 Folsom, npar Twenty-second.
IVTKW HOUSE; 5 ROOMS AND ANTE: MOD-
JL> crn improvements; Jersey St.; nr. Douglass,
Apply WM. PLANT, cor. 24th and Douglass.
T AKEVIEW LOTS; NEAR NEW HACK-
JJ track; low prices: easy terms. THE McCAK-
TIIY CO., 646 Market st.
"•% 19 Ann SOLID 3-STORY RESIDENCE;
f)l_i.UW. 727 Golden Gate aye.: lot 25x
137:6. This Is unquestionably the cheapest piece
on the avenue. Bill iurd-rooiu; frescoing, etc. Open
for inspection.
PIANOS. VIOLINS, ETC.
OUR BAROAiN~ROOM CONTAINS AN UP~-
rl;ht for $70, and a splendid, largo fine up-
right. excellent tcne, guaranteed for five years,
price now *146: if you want a fine piano at a frac-
tion of what it is worth better sec this at once. THE
J. UEWINU CO., warerooms '2nd floor Flood bldg.
PARTY LEAVING THE CITY IS OBLIGED
-cL to sacrifice their elegant Chicken tig piano. See
it at room 10, 809 Market at.
A BEAUTIFUL &TEINWAY PIANO MUST
be sold at once by party obliged to dispose of
it; a very low price will secure it. Room 21", Flood
building.
ALL CASH AT ONCE WILL SECURE AN
-TV. upright piano for $65; now is your chance.
Room 10. Flood building.
CONOV EB ~ PIANO; AS GOOD AS NEW-
> great sacrifice. The F. W. SPENCER COM-
PANY, 338 Post St.
©lin BARGAIN; FINE UPRIGHT: GOOD
«35-L-LU. condition. JOSEPH SCHMITZ & CO.,
16 McAllister st.
NX UPRIGHT PIANO, ORGAN. FOLDING
J-\ bed : must be sold. L., box 8, Call Office.
PIANOS- ' "~ ~~
X- Hazelton, Hemme and Long, Brown and
Simpson; easy terms. 736 Market at,
CO AA LARGE, EASTERN MAKE. Up!
.jpiUU. right piano. BRUENN'S, 888 Post st.
pHICKERING, KNABK, STECK.VOSE, STER-
\J ling pianos; see our new piano for $187; pianos
lor rent. BENJ. OUBTAZ «fc SON, 16 O'Farreli:
G. BARGAINS IN NEW AND SECOND-
hand pianos at MAUVA IS', 769 Market st.,s.
G~ BEAT BABOAIX4 IN PIANOS. HORNUNG'S
VX Piano nouse, 216 Post st.
WM. G. BADGER REMOVED TO 26 O'FAR-
'» reil, room 1, first floor: take elevator; pianos
tnd organs sold for cash or installments.
VI! i; UPRIGHT, SACRIFICED FOR $75.
1> Km. 10, bO9 Market st.
"MAGNIFICENT PARLOR ORGAN; MUST
-l'-L sell; nearly new. 313 Devlsndero st.
B OUR NSW BENT CONTRACT PLAN
for spiling pianos has met with great success
we have decided to continue supplying purchasers
that wish to take advantage of it; please call and
have it explained. SHERMAN, CLAY <fc CO.,
corner Kearny and Sutter sts.
<£ I 7 C CASH OR INSTALLMENTS: WEBER
(pllt). upright; perfect order. 1019 Van Ness.
"I^KCKER BROS., STEIN WAY.FISCHER AND
XJ other first-class makes of pianos: little used:
cheap for cash or on easy terms. KOHLER &
CHASE, 28 and 30 O'Farrell st.
ASY TERMS ;"LO\V PRICES. KOHLER &
CHASE. _,
TMNE PIANO FOR SALE OR RENT CHEAP.
J SCHMITZ.I6 McAllister St., nxt Hlbernla Bank
YKON MAUZY, 308 POST ST.— SOUMER,
Newby & Evans, Briggs and other pianos.
QUPERIOR VIOLINS, ZITHERS. OLD & NEW
0 H. MU LLER, maker, repairer, 2 Latham place.
TEINWAY, $215; WEBER, $265; SOMKR,
$237; Wily, }125; squares, $35 aud $55.
HEINE. 410 Post st.
A RRIVE D— A LOT OF CELEBRATED HIGH-
-rV. grade I. L. Neumann pianos for the holidays: '
prices and terms moderate. H. LUEDERS, 82
Ninth si.
HA I NES ~^hOS.' PIANO — A SUPERB IN-
strument, surpassing any piano tuatwebave
hitherto handled: we invite a critical inspection.
A. L. BANCROFT «- CO., 324 Post su
PEN FOR BUSINESS.
The finest line of new pianos for rent and sal*
in San Francisco. J. HARRY SCOTT,
929 Mnrket St., Spreckels building.
HORSES.
1 r A SETS NEW AND SECOND-HAND HAH-
X i)U ness: all kinds; wagons, bugscles, horses and
scrapers; sand-wagons. 1128 Mission st.
T7IOB SALE CHEAP— HORSE AND COUPE.
S. Inquire proprietor stable cor. Geary and Polk.
\\; ANTED— TO BUY, HORSE THAT LADY
»» can drive: sound: 6 years old: dark; 16 to 17
hands; perfectly gentle; good traveler; stylish;
afraid of nothing. Address L. 8., box 116. Call.
1 A A HEAD OF WELL-BROKEN WORK AND
J-UU driving horses just from the country; also
fast pacers and trotters. Apply 862 Howord st.,
G. I.INDAUEU, proprietor.
HOUSES PASTURED; $2 A MONTH; GOOD
car? and feed; send for circular. The Uy<ta
ranch, 630 Commercial st.
T en si : is NEW AND second-hand har-
J-«Jv.' ness: also wagons, buggies »nd horses:
contracting outfit; sand wagons and scrapers. 1128
Mission st. ■_:
U. C. 11. wkstphal, VETERINARY SUK-
t,eon for S. F. Police Department. Oflice and
hospital, 121 City Hall aye.: telephone south 401.
Af\ HORSES FOR BALE; ALSO WAGON-J
rxXJ buggies, carts, harness; Grand Arcade Hors»
Market, 3^7 Sixth St.; auction sales every We»'nev
day. SULLIVAN A DOYLE, Auctioneers.
1 AA BETS SECOND-HAND HARNESS; ALL
JLUU kinds; second-hand wagons, buggy, cart*:
also HO cheap horses. Fifteenth and Valencia su.
.WAUUA'i AM> CAKUxAUES.
FOR BALE— HORSE. HARNESS AND
wagon; suitable for peddler. Call at 3 Cleveland
St., bet. Folsom and Harrison.
QECOND-HAND WAGONS OF ALL KINDS
O for sale cheap at 1013 Harrison st.
SEWING MACHINES.
TDENTED 91 50 MONTHLY; SECOND-HAND
iv machines from $3 upward- Domestic, New
Home, White, Singer at half-price. 145 Sixth st.
LL KINDS BOUGHT, SOLD, EXCHANGED,
rented, repaired; lowest rates. 206 Fourth st.
COIjNTKY UEAL BSTATi,.
{VFAURELL «S CO.,
DAVID BUSH, COUNTRY DEPARTMENT
11 MONTGOMERY ST.
©OXnn WILL BUY 400 ACRES OF FIRST-
«ip«JtIUV/ class foot-hill land 9 miles east of Oro-
ville, n quarter of a mile from school. 1 mile from
postofflce; 50 acres of bottom land under ditch:
suitable for alfalfa; all the land suitable for any
kind of fruit, oranges or lemons; good house of 8
rooms; new barn and outbuildings; this is a bar-
gain; will exchange. _ • - .' » •
<a*9nnn will, buy 10 acres rich,
«IP_jWVU level loam soil at Corona Station. 2
miles north of Petaluma with new house of 4
rooms, barn and chicken-house; good well and
pump; fine place for poultry; part cash.
©Ofinn WILL BUY 70 ACRES 3 MILES
<iP«W« from Glen Ellen, Sonoma County: 25
seres cultivated in grain, vegetables ana sugar
cane: will grow anything; 00 acres could be
cleared: balance fine timber land, which would
pay the cost of the place from the timber on it:
ready market for all the wood: fenced and cross-
fenced; house of 4 rooms, one of 2 rooms. 2 barns,
chicken-nouses, granary; 4 mineral springs on the !
place and water from springs piped: the wood and
tanbark on this place would pay for clearing: this
is one of the most beautiful places in Sonoma
County, and is a great bargain: photographs at
office.
C; 7000 WILIj BUY 30 ACRES 8 MILES
tip • \J\J\J from Courthouse at San Bernardino,
on county roan: all out In apricots, peaches, with
-'00 orange trees in .11 bearing; fine improvements.
<Si X t^(\t WILL BUY 20 ACRES, ALL LEVEL
W<JU\J\/ loam soil, within three minutes' walk
of postomce, stores and railroad station at Aptos,
Santa Cruz County: orchard of French prunes,
cherries, grapes, peaches, blackberries, etc.; good
dwelling-house ot 7 rooms, large barn and other
out-buildings; also 6-room cottage, with barn and
other out-buildli.gs, rented for $7 a month; nice
horse, with wagonette and harness complete; all
tools necessary to run the farm; 2 cows, calf, and
the furniture of the dwelling; all ready to step Into;
this could be made a, profitaDle place and is right
close to town.
HK/SOOO A bargain— l3s acres ON
'JTWyjyj . Howell Mountain, adjoining Anguin's
Hotel; postothee within 6 minutes' walk; 60 acres
in full bearing choice, variety of wine grapes, Zln-
fandel, Mataro and Reisling; 4 acres in orchard,
prunes, peaches, pears, etc. good house of 6 rooms,
barn, etc.; balance of land pasture and timber;
well watered; water piped from springs; the land
in cultivation Is all level soil, cannot be surpassed
in the State; no phylloxera in this vineyard; one
of the most healthful and delightful places in
Napa County; an offer of $20 per ton has been
made for the crapes on this place for the year
1896; part cash, or will exchange for nnincum-
bered San Francisco, Oakland or Berkeley prop-
erty.
•519000 WILL BUY 70 ACRES OF LAND
*£)£4\J\J\J near Yountville, Napa County; call
for particulars; this Is & great bargain and a beau-
tiful place.
<2j. - LAN ACRE WILL BUY 80 ACRES 1%
tIJi<JV/ miles fro » Kingsburic, Fresno County: 23
acres In bearing vineyard, 4 acres in Adriatic figs,
60 beaiing fruit tr.es for family orchard; house of
4 rooms, large barn ; all fenc>dand cross fenced;
rich loam soil ; %of a mil- from Kings River; 8
Inches of water gots with the place at $12 50 per
annum; part cash, or will exchange for good unl •-
cumbered property here. Call and see list of prop-
erty for exchange.
"PDWIN K. ALSIP <fc CO.,
REAL ESTATE DEALERS.
COUNTRY REAL ESTATE A SPECIALTY.
\TO. f>4-$4000; 25 ACRES CHOICE VALLEY
-•-* lard, Alameda County; 15 acres full-bearing
vineyard; 1 acre orchard; 9 acres vegetable land;
on rnaiu county road; house 4 rooms; Kood barn;
tine well water; will also exchange at $4500.
FOR $5500— A GENTLEMAN'S nOME OF 20
F acres; good house of 6 rooms, barn, chicken-
house; 13 acres In fruit; 6 acres in vineyard ; 1
mile from Sebaatopol; this is a very nice piece of
property, and wants to be seen to be appreciated ;
terms very reasonable, and asrimli payment down
will purchase It, and ample time on balance.
"VfERY LITTLE CASH REQUIRED AS FIRST
V payment: 20 acres near Merced, with 7 acres
| in fruit, 7 acres In vineyara and the balance al-
i falfu.land; all under Irrigation: good 8-room
I house, oarn. chicken-house, etc.; fine well of water;
good location: price $4 000.
Apply to EDWIN K. ALSIP <fe CO.,
No. 9, Uotunda, ills building,
San Francisco.
£• 1 OX PER ACRE. ~ '
•Tl— •> PRUNE ORCHARD ALVOST GIVEN
AWAY; 66 acres of prunes and almonds, 7 years
old, that will compare with any orchard in the
State; soil, water, climate, shipping, all first class:
this is the best buy in California. For further par-
ticulars apply to BOVEE.TOY & CO., 19 Mont-
gomery st. ,
A 162 ACHES 21.4 MILES WEST OF YOUNT-
-£v ville; fine trout and salmon stream; good
roads: plenty of timber; only $15 per acre.
Four acres to 20-acre tracts; best land on earth;
in the city of Bant* Rosa; ordinary ranch prices:
your own time.
HUGH SUIELS. 602 Market, Crocker building.
RANCH-ONLY $400 ABOVE EASY HANK
mortgage ; fortune for right one. Placer, box '
114, Call Office.
SPARTO TOWN AND COLONY: ONLY 3 OR
4 hours from the bay: the most equable climate
of Central California, and the neighborhood of the
next treat development of electric power: equal to
Folsom; a pan of the "Rancho Canada de C<»pay
Grant"; unquestionably the earliest and finest
fruit r>elt on the coast and superior to any for di-
versified farming; about 600 acres, in 20-acre
! farms, surrounding the town; town already con-
tains large brick blocks, a fine hotel, a tine high-
school building, water works, artesian, pure and
■oft; desired a purchaser or purchases to take the
whole Interest of present owners In the colony lots
and town property, in lump or otherwise, at shock-
ingly low figures: It won't cost much to examine;
Is un irrigation canal on the land. Apply to GEO.
P. FISKE A CO., Woodland, Cat.
C Ai it IS, WITH NEW HOUSE, BARN AND
*J hayslied: all under fence: for sale for $500: 2
miles from Brentwood, Contra Costa Costa County,
CaU^^lii quire of L. GRANNAUER, Brentwood.
00 ACRES IN SAN LUIS OBIS COUNTY;
\J\J\J all level; plenty of water; good range; very
desirable for stock; will trade for business in city
or city properly. G. S., Eureka Delivery, 1148
Mission st.
/ i RKAT SACRIFICE FOR CASH; NON-RESI-
vT dent owner; unimproved residence and busi-
ness property centrally located in Los Angeles.
H. P., box 27, Call Office, San Francisco.
A 70- ACRE HILL CHICKEN RANCH- 25
xi- acres cultivable; 200 cords firewood; 2 miles
from school; 6 from town; lovely shade trees: a
Sightly, pretty place: $500; half cash. D. 11.
TWING, SonomaCity. Inquire 632 Market s:.,s. F.
FOB SALE OR EXCHANGE— 34O ACRES; 200
level, 60 clear; nice orchard assorted fruits; '
plenty of wood and water; good dwelling, barn, '
etc; nearly all fenced: close to large town- 10 !
hours from city; $3000; part cash, balance on
time: will trade for city property or good business.
C. 8., box 77, this office.
ARIN COUNTY— SOOO ACRES 28 MILES
from San Francisco.
Rancho de Novato.
Tracts cut any size desired; fruit, grain and
vegetable land , no irrigation ; both rail and water
transportation; $40 to $75oeracre; terms made
to suit; send for circular.
Improved dairy farms for sale with cows.
SYNDICATE INVESTMENT COMPANY, 64
and 65 Chronicle building.
OR AN GE BLOSSOM COLONY. "~
OAKDALE, STANISLAUS CO., CAL.
Beautiful young orange groves in tracts of 6 acres
and upward, lying along the Stanislaus River, two
and a half miles from Oakdale, the principal station
of the Southern Pacific Railroad on the line between
btocKton and Merced. The Stanislaus and San
Joaquln Irrigation Comnanv's canal runs directly
through the colony and the property has a per-
petual water right.
We are prepared to sell portions of the property
either unimproved or already planted to Washing-
ton Navels, Mediterranean Sweets and Maltese
Bloods. Th« property Is under the immediate
direction and care of an experienced horticulturist,
who has received diplomas and medals at eight
! different county fairs in the State and for a small
i consideration cares for the orange groves for non-
: residents.
A high and dry country, with a perfect natural
drainage system. All kinds of small game near by
affords excellent sport for banters.
Prices for land, Including a perpetual water rl^ht
and ' planted 10 orange trees, $176 per acre. Unim-
I proved land with fully paid up water rights, $70
; per acre. Terms: The purchase price payable in
; six annual payments, without Interest; title per-
fect and liberal discount for cash. . ■
For further particulars, maps and catalogues, ad- i
dress
KASTON, ELDRIDOE & CO.,
.:>;; '• V 638 Market Street.
San Francisco. CaL
Or F. T. KNEWING, our representative,
. Oakdale, CaL
TO BACRK CKICKKN KANCuk.S ON 10
years' credit. D. H. TWING. Sonoma CUy.Cai.
SEND FOR OUR U ST OF ORCHARD HOMES
0 for sale. WOOHTKR A WH,ITTON. San .lose.
pnFAPEST AND BEST IN AMERICA— THE
\J WEEKLY CALL, sent to any address in the
United .Sates or Canada one year for $1 50, post-
JL-.H- free. -
_________ ___
XO KXCHATSGt^
HOUSE WANTED IN EXCHANGE FOR 2
park lota ; difference In cash. Aplly T. 8., box
48, Call Ofllce.
OR BALE— IN EXCHANGE FOR BOARD,
-L completely and elegantly furnished house of
8 rooms; price $B00; or would sell on easy terms.
Address M., box 123, Call Office.
WANTED-TO EXCHANGE FOR INCOME
'♦property in San Francisco, desirable unim-
proved residence and business property, centrally
located, in Los Angeles; great bargain. H. O .
box 72, Call Office. "
~ry o EXCHANGE IN ALAMKDA— HOUSE OF
1 8 rooms and bath; lot 50x140, Enclnal aye.
for nice lot near Golden Gate Park. Address R H
box 60, Call Office: " "'
FiNAJNC'IAL.
NY SUM OF MONEY ADVANCED OH
J-\- your furniture, pianos or real estate: lowest
rate: call and state your proposition or write- open
evenings. J. NOON AN. 1021 Mission su
STORAGE
OvSwUANd" FRSIQHT^'fiBAiISFER 6t£
iifih and Bluxome sts.— Furniture and goods
packed, shipped and stored; 9 largo fireproof ware-
houses; low rates; advances made. Tel. south 388.
STORAGE OF FURNITURE, PIANOS, HOUSE-
O hold goods, etc. J. M. PIERCE. 735 Market st.
WILSON BROTHERS. 1710 " MARKET-
»i btorage; low rates; telephone South 762.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND KKAJ, ESTATE.
<*£ Ox nn n ewmodlirn HOUSE; 7 rooms;
4iOli\J. just completed; central. ALDEN _
GARFIELD, 902 Broadway, Oakland.
QOfIAA ELJBGANT RESIDENCE IN OAK-
('""v, land for ranch or other property.
ALDEN & GARFIELD, 902 Broadway, Oakland.
<BififHin BEAUTIFULLY LOCATED RESl-
qp\J\J\l\t. denco, Alameda; lot 40x124; all
nicely furnished; any reasonable offer.
Lnrg list of choice residences and cottages for
sale in Oakland, Berkeley, Alameda. Fruitvale and
Piedmont; acre tracts and ranches. Send for cata-
logue or see E. E. BUNCE, 1008 Broadway, Oak-
laud, Cal.
Cjl (\t\i\ COTTAGE, 4 ROOMS; PRETTY
fJ)X.\J\J\J. finish; fenced: near the Altenhcim;
electric-cars; on installments; a bargain. H. B.
PINNEY, 902 Broadway, Oakland.
QzlfWl NEW BOUSE, 3 ROOMS; NEAR
<p rk\J\J. local trains and electric-cars: $50 cash,
and $10 monthly. 11. B. PINNEY, 902 Broadway,
Oakland.
ETCHING MERCHANT WISHESTO TRADE
his grocery business for a 25-acre ranch, near
Hayards or San Leandro. For full particu-
lars address box 4, Call Ofllce, Oakland.
HAVE A HOME BUILT ON YOUR OWN
plans: Oakland, Berkeley or Alameda; easy
terms; want to exchange choice orun«« lands for
vacant lots; land free and clear-, will assume some
mortgage. CHAB. P. KERN, Central Bank build-
up, Oakland.
I7IOR SALE— A NICE OAKLAND COTTAGE
' home; northeast corner; convenient to local
station, .school, etc.: cost more than $5000; will
be sold for less than $4000, on very easy payments.
Apply to T. K. ANDERSON, 463 Ninth St., Oak-
land.
ARGAIN, HOUSE OF THREE ROOMS;
barn, two chicken-houses, wnll of good water;
100 chicken', cow.calf and pig; lot 50x110; price,
$750. Frultvalo Land Company, Frultvale station.
!HA LOTH AT FRUITVALE STATION;
<}pluV/. come to day. LODGE & POWELL.
C«w>ll MONTHLY FOR .VRuoM CUTTAOKjJ;
tJ)-ijV plans free. F. BOEGLE. GoIdan Gate statn.
<Ejl Kfl LOTS NEAR THE ALTENHEIM IN
vD±O\J. Frnltvale: electric cars; only $1 down
>nd $1 » week; selling fast; good Improvement!,
H. B. PINNEY. owner. 802 Broadway, Oakland.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— I43S PARK STREET.
— _— — — ,
ALAMI.DA REAL 5 STATK.
Q9^nn SOFT SNAP: 100x130; CLINTON
is)ZiO\J\J. aye., nr. Willow su ENGLISH, 628
Market st.
XCELLENT MODERN HOMES AT GREAT-
Iy reduced prices.
$2000— 4-ronm dwelling; original cost $2250.
?-..'■; 60— 6-room dwelling; original cost $3000.
3250— 5-room dwelling; original cost $3500.
$8000— 6-room dwelling; original ■ ost $3500. '
$32 o— 6-room dwelling; original cost $3600.
•6100— 6-room dwelling; original cost $3750.
$7500— 9-room dwelling: original cost $9000.
All new and modern on large lots and 'v good
locations; very small cash payments and easy in-
stallments. No reasonable terms refused. JOSEPH
A. LEONARD COMPANY, 1364 Park st., Ala-
meda.
I > (\ FURNISHED HOUSE, 5 KOOMS AND
♦.. »>>'. bath; also 4 rooms partly furnished in,
basement: 9 rooms In all; 2 blocks from narrow-
gauge station. Alameda, Cal. Address WM. P.
TODD. 1008 Broadway, Oakland.
CjQOXfi THE BEST BARGAIN IN ALA-
•r»->— O\J. meda County; house of 7 rooms, ail
modern improvements. J. H. YOUNG. 1243 Park
St., Alameda.
<'>'Htt\ * 50 CASH - $22 60 MONTHLY; 5
»;?'— _ iUI/. rooms and bath; perfectly new cot-
tage.
$2400— N0 cash; $20 monthly; 37:6x100: new
cottage.
$3000— 550 cash; $30 monthly: 33:4x100; 5
rooms and bath; handsome new cottage.
$3260-$2OO cash, $30 monthly; 33x100; ele-
gant cottage on principal driveway; 6 rooms and
bath.
$3500— 5300 cash, $35 monthly; 33:4x100;
handsome colonial cottage: 7 rooms and bath.
MAitCUSE _ HEM MEL, Bay-st. station, Ala-
meda, and 628 Market st., San Francisco.
<£• lAn DOWN — ELEGANT NEW 6-ROOM
%P-L v " modern cottage in center of city, close to
school and station; lot 35x150; price $2250. For
immediate sale Alameda Land Company, 1500
Park St., Alameda.
ffl» 4f\Cl(\ NEW AND MODERN nousE of 7
j <£'±\J\J\J. rooms and bath: lot 42x147:6: In
good locality; terms easy; installments. JOSEPH
A. LEONARD CO., 1364 Park st., Alameda.
B£lib._l>KT KiSAXi KSTATE.
'qg. F^nrToNLY for the furniture^
«jn \J\J\J good-will thrown In; large boarding-
house, with good business: only half a block from
university grounds; given up on account of sick-
ness. JOs. J. MASON, Uwight way station,
Berkeley.
SANTA CLARA COUNTY,
REAL i:STATK.
IP IKE PROPERTY^ ~ S ~'
J ■ FOR SALE AT LOW PRICES.
JAMES A. CLAYTON & CO.,
LAND AGENTS, SAN JOSE.
PROFITABLE ORCHARD ADJOINING THE
X city of San Jose; 40 acres: soil 20 feet; 10 acres
prunes, this years crop sold for $2500; 10 acres
peaches, this year's crop was heavy, 45 tons from
3 3-7 acres, trees 30 feet apart; 10 acres fine apri-
cot orchard that yield heavy; balance in cherry
trees; price $32,500.
1 /Y-7 ACRES VALLEY LAND SOUTH OF SAN
J«l Jose; good land; orchards adjoining; house
5 rooms, barns, etc.; scattering oak trees: there Is
an orchard of about 12 acres in bearing; this prop-
erty is finely located; convenient to railroad sta-
tion and school ; price $125 per acre; no objection
to taking San Francisco property in trade If same
Is improved and unincurabered.
"1 C*f\ ACRES IN FOOTHILLS, NEAR CON-
_UU gress Springs: 13 miles from San Jose: 100
acres nearly level; about 12 acres fruit trees, apri-
cots and prunes, 1 and 4 years ola: about 20 acres
grapns; the soil is good; small house and barn;
good springs; this property belongs to savings
bank; anxious to sell; will give 5 years' time, easy
payments and reduced price: $4000.
X ACRES ADJOINING THE CITY OF SAN
*J Jose; frontage on 3 roads; hous" 5 rooms, barn,
etc.; flowing well; choice land: $4000.
8 ACRES 3 MILES FKOM SAN JOSE; LEVEL
land; one- quarter mile from car line; $150 per
acre.
"1 C 5 ACRES LEVEL LAND, 8 MILES FROM
-LtJB San Jose; cheap: terms half cash; $1675.
5 ACRES ON MCLAUGHLIN AYE., NEAR
the city: $1275.
f*OZ. ACRES, 6 MILES FROM MILPITAS, 12
y)')O miles from San Jose: hill land; 300 acres
cultivated for hay and grain. 14 acres old orchard;
ranch is well watered; large springs; house 8
rooms; large barn; price $25 per acre.
On ACHES ORCHARD IN FULL BEARING;
— U prunes 18 acres, apricots 2 acres: near the
city; $11,000.
ORCHARDS NEAR SAN JOSE ARE THE
\J most productive in the State.
I ACHE IMPROVED, NEAR SAN JOSE;
I X convenient to electric car line; house 6 rooms;
good well: $1700.
WE HAVE THE FINEST ROADS AND
' » schools; Santa Clara Valley is the place to live.
i JAMES A. CLAYTON * CO., Land Agents,
Established over 25 years,
16 West Santa Clara St., San Jose.
OANTA CLARA VALLEY LANDS.
19,000 acres in subdivisions for fruit planting.
Apply to C. H. PHILLIPS, proprietor.
22 East Santa Clara st., Ban Jose, CaL
MONEY TO LOAD.
"V^OTICE OF $10,000 TO LOAN.— NOTICE^'
I -Li hereby given that the sum of ten thousand
j dollars, belonging to the Robinson bequest fund, is
| ready to be loaned for a term of years, to be se-
cured by a first mortgage on real estate in San
Francisco, California. All bids, with full partic-
ulars as to terms, should be delivered at tiio
Mayor's office, new City Hall. Th« right to reject
any bid is reserved. A DOLPH SUTKO, Chairman
of the Robinson Bequest Commission. Dated Jan-
uary 7, 1896.
WHY PAY *5 ON THE HUNDRED COM-
i »' mission to the broker when you can get the
I same direct from the loaner without it and with-
i out charge for making out papers on your pianos
and furniture of private families, which furniture
is now under the new law mortgageable; lowest in-
terest without removal: any amount from $100 to
$5000. 418 Kills st.. room 22.
lOANS ON KEAL ESTATE: ALSO SECOND
i mortgages, furniture or pianos without re-
moval In the city and Oakland or Alameda any
amount: lowest rates. BECKER, 240 Montgomery.
T OANH— FIRST AND SECOND MORTGAGES:
XJ city or country; furniture and piano-,; business
strictly private. Room 88. Chronicle building.
A DVANCESONDIAMONDS.JEWEL.RY, ETC*
——Columbia Loan A Collateral Office, 9 Grant aye.
ANY AMOUNT; IST, 3D or 3D MORTGAGES;
-t V. estates, undivided interests, real estate in pro-
bate. • McCOLGAN, 24 Montgomery, rooms 2-3.
1 ST AND 21) MORTGAGES: CITY OR COOT*
I try; administrators' mortgages, interests in es-
tates, diamonds, pianos, etc, MUHPHY, 628 Mkt.
MORTGAGES, PROBATE LOANS, WAR.
rams. SALOMON &CO., 328 Montgmry,r.2l4,
ONEY LOAN JED ON JEWELRY AND
other valuables at the Security Loan Office,
1106 Market st. ,nr. Mason ; private entrance 7 Turk.
ON FURNITURE AND PIANOS, WITHOUT
removal. Room 68, Donohoe li'd'g, 1170 Market
rAWXBKOKEES. ~~~
T 126 KEARNY ST., ROOM 9— MONEY
loaned, watches, diamonds, etc.; low rates:
vate rooms: elevator: pledges for sale cheap.
Additional Classified Adrtisevc
incuts on Page 12.
1112
HOrSES TO f.KT.
(•AqTapl^-COTTAGE OF SIX BOOMS;
OUO bath $26 00
11S7 Guerrero — six rooms and bath: newly
decorated; tine yard -0 00
116 Collingwood— Cottage. 5 rooms; bath... 18 00
W. 11. CRIM & CO., 118 Montgomery st.
919 PERRY~St.— HOUSE OF 4 ROOMS AND
£i\.JU basement: rent $12 50; water free. Apply
G. U. UMIJSEN A: CO., 14 Montgomery st.
TO let— Fn~~the .mission. nice sunny
X flat of 6 rooms and bath: flat of 6 rooms, papered;
and 7-room boase near Fifth and Mission; rents
reasonable. Apply 1121 Market st.
TTPPEK PART OF HOUSE, 9 ROOMS ; YARD:
*J rent cheap. 235 Fell st.
90 IWK N 1 1 BIRD, NEAR HAMPSHIRE—
— O 6 rooms and bath; yard; rent $17.
Horsy: 7 ROOMS-BATH; LARGE YARD.
1515 Jackson St.. between Larkin and Polk.
HOCBE OF 9 ROOMS AND BATH TO LET.
351 Minna st.
1C I r BRODERICK ST., NEAR SUTTER —
XOLO House of 7 a ony rooms; bath, laundry,
basement and yard; $22.
pHKAPEST HOUSK IN CITY: 8 ROOMS:
\J bath: modern; $20. 534"/ a Valencia, near
Sixteenth.
H7 ROOMS. 249 STEVENSON ST.,
near Fourth.
0I I GEARY— HOUSE 11 ROOMS AND
— 1 .1. bath; rent reasonable; key at '.'l7 ; -;.
VTI CORNER OF LAGUNA AND ELLIS— 9
X* rooms; bath; modern improvements; rent $50;
water include.!.
HOUSE," 2225 POST-6 ROOMS AND BATH;
basement: large garden; stable; driveway.
UNNY HOUSE OF 8 ROOMS; MODERN IM-
v** provements, 730 Capp st.; also house :> rooms,
bath and stable; 107 Germania st., near Fillmore.
"cTon REDUCED FROM $40: NICK MODERN
£sOU. home of 8 rooms. Apply 15 Grant aye.
HOUSE tOF 6 - ROOMS AND BATH AND
yard; 147 Valencia st.: rent $16. Apply 2838
Mission.
AVED— DOLLARS. DIMKS AND NICK
by renting a house from BALDWIN & HAM
MOND Id Montcomrry s:.
FUKMSHED BOUSES.
rEBY HANDSOME RESIDENCE OF 13
large snanv rooms, baths, storerooms, bllllard-
room, etc; "beautifully furnished throughout;
large grounds; situated on Nob Bill; surrounded
by elegant homes; long lease. DAVIDSON <£
LEIGIi, Agts., 137 Montgomery at.
TOLERANTLY FURNISHED: 6 ROOMS;
JCJ ndnlts; responsible; choice location: sunny,
modern. 1431 Market st.
'Si|7 BAKEK— HANDSOME SUNNY XI ELY
*)•< % furnished house: very reasonable to small
family; 10 to 4.
KNIII BE OF X ROOMED flat, WITH
piat.o. at a sacrllice: tint to rent: all rooms
sunny: $10 19 Moss st.. after 7P. m.
'4 PRETTY. MODERN COTTAGE; 3 j ROOMS;
Lex b clospts; newly furnished; nice garden: rea-
sonable.- no children. 1802 Pace st., near Park.
COMPLETELY AND ELEGANTLY FUR-
\J nishel 8-room house. Particulars of WILL E.
1 !-ll :u A Co.. 14 I-■ %: st.
IOITAGK TO LET.
COT TAGE.T 1921 EDDY ST.; 6 ROOMS AND
bath; rent $25.
1 ri\k MASON— 4 ROOMS: CABLE LINE:
1 I \JO 11 to steady tenant: ke at :.ou-e.
Ql I 'A SMALL COTTAGE, 3 T AY ST.,
•_ 1 1 .»)' '. near cor. Clay and Powell.
,2m 1 ri\ < < '■■ AP COTTAGE, 11 RUSSELL
, > ■ ' 1 )' 1. si., nr. cor. Hyde and Union.
COTTAGES. 4 AND ROOMS: SUNNY; BAY-
\J window: plank basement: yard: furniture of 5
rooms for sale. 726 Fulton ; $1 8 and $15.
COTTAUE— 5 ROOMS AND BATH: LARGE
V^ yard and garden; basement, 814 Dolores st.
Q9,i PLEASANT COTTAGE OF 6 ROOMS
V 1 — '. and bath; larg yard. 828 Capp st.
— SUNNY U(X)MS : LAKi IE GARDEN, BARN,
O chicken-house. Thirtieth St., south of Noe.
99/1 CENTRAL AYE.-COTTAGE; 5 ROOMS;
J.—\J bath: key at 2917 Bush st.
OTTAGE. 6 ROOMS AND BATH, FURNISH-
V^ cd Or unfurnished, cheap. 2521 McAllisters:.
SUNNY COTTAGES OF 4 AND 5 BOOMS,
bath, basement mid yard. 534 15th.nr. Dolores.
.FLATS TO LKT.
SEVENTEE NTH— UPPER; 7 ROOMS;
Oil bath $22 00
1025 Valencia— Lower; 6 rooms: nHth 22 60
2911 Fo.som — Upper; 7 1001 s; bath '21 60
2525 ward— Lower; 6 rooms ;.ba'h 21 00
£518 Mission— per: 6 rooms; bat.i 22 00
HO7. l je oiv: — Upper; 7 rooms 18 00
W. 11. CRIM & CO., 118 Montgomery st.
QIQ WATER FREE; 6 ROOMS AND
«_ C l . bath; all modern Improvements; enam-
eit-1 hath, sink, etc.: Mission-st.cars pass the door;
139 Chattanooga st., bet. Twenty-second and
Twenty-th ra. Apply G. H. UMBSEN.
Ql D 3167 GEARY, NEAR COOK— NEW
• 10. low flat. 5 rooms and bath; two weeks'
rent free to good tenant. SHAINWALD, BUCK-
BEE <fe CO., 220 .Montgomery st.
QIQ 7-ROOM FLATS; CLOSETS. STOVES.
♦ipJ-O. water, dumb waiter: all modern; at. 956
Union St., Oakland, near Adeline local station;
better than any $30 cottage In Oakland. To let
by KOENIG & KROLL, 1006 Broadway, Oakland.
0 1 JAM »~sit>; THOSE ELKGANT FLATS
O I^l on Hoffave. : half block from Valencia and
Sixteenth sts.: newly fitted with hot and cold
water and finely papered and painted; a rare
chance. Apply A. .1. RICH A CO., Real Estate
Acents. 112 Montgomery St.
I." 1 OR RENT— A MODEI'.N FLAT OF 7 ROOMS
- and bath on southwest corner Devisadero and
Oak ■<-.: very desirable for physician or dentist:
rent reasonable to cood tenant. Inquire at 318
Clay st.. or i-. STAUDE, 353 Devisadero St., be-
tween 4 and 7 o'clock p. m.
I •) >> 1 ELL, ~ NEAR OCTAVIA— FINE NEW
OO sunny flats, 6 rooms each: tiled porcelain
sinks and baths: all latest improvements: 4 b oc^s
from Market st. : 1 block from Hayes-st. cars; rent
reasonable to reliable parties. Owner on premises
to-day.
Ql A TO LET— 2 NEW FLATS: 5 AND 6
O-»-' v rooms: yard and basement; electric cars
pass the door. Twenty-fourth and Sanchez sts.
ELEGANT MODERN FLAT OF 6 ROOMS AND
bath. 2023 Golden Gate aye.
Ql A LOWER FLAT, 6 ROOMS; BATH. 420
«JrJ-*i. Fourteenth St., near Valencia.
A ROOM FLAT, 48 PARKER " AYE.; RENT
1 $12. Inquire of A. MEYER, 2303 Geary st.
9 NEW CORNER FLATS, 554 CHURCH,
Z. nr. Eighteenth; rent $35 and $18.
1 (>Xt BUSH— MIDDLE FLAT, 7 ROOMS
-I—"i und bath; sunny; all modern Improve-
ments.
KENT'S REDUCED: ELEGANT NEW FLATS;
NE. cor. Haightaod ScOU sts.; 6 and 7 modern
sunny rooms: keys 202 Scott St.; go see them.
CENTER .v SPADER. 30 Montgomery st.
Ql 9 FLAT 4 ROOMS, HALL AND YARD.
<JjJL~.. 444 Clementina st., near sixth.
C« "I 7 LOWER FLAT, 5 BOOMS AND BATH.
<D-L * . 1027 Post St.. bet. Polk and Larkin.
ODERN NEW RUNNY FLAT; LOW RKVT; !
7 rooms, bath and garden ; top of hill. 923 FeD.
SUNNY MODERN 6-BOOM FLAT. 914 CAPP,
near Twenty-fourth.
'V. 1 1 BUTTER- MODERN BAY-WINDOW
— "J"i flat; sun all day; yard front and rear: $16.
/♦ ROOMS. BATH; LARGE PLANKED BABE-
<-> ment: $14. 625 York st., near Nineteenth.
MODERN NEW FLATS: 912 OAK ST.: 7 AND
grooms; $27 50 and $30.
■VICE FLAT; 6 ROOMS; $12. 1017 BRYANT
LI street.
i; 1 r FLAT OF 5 ROOMS AND BATH. 489
L*J. Sanchez St., corner Eighteenth.
Ql " LOWER FLAT OF 4 ROOMS, BATH
ViCXO. and basement. 232 Va Nineteenth st.
H9X WEBSTER si.. NEAR GEARY-SUN-
*-*-> ny flat, 7 rooms, bath, large yard; $30.
Q«>- FLAT; 1209 BUSH; 5 ROOMS, BATH-
\ -• '. bay-windows. Apply 1211b.
V-EW FLATS: LATEST: IMPROVEMENTS:
-> nt reasonable; 1 13 K<-rnarn. Call 1216 Pacific.
714. NATO.MA- F! M. 4 SUNNY ROOMS ;
' -*- x basement: large sunny yard.
SUNN V UPPER FLAT: 6 ROOMS, BATH AND
basement. 396 Waller st., or. 1-illinore.
*%9rt MM 5 SUNNY ROOMS; BATH:
.„ _". free water. 2222 Geary st.
Q1 9 8 ROOMS; Bh 111. 109 THIBTEKNTH
tiP-L^J. St., near Valencia.
pREStDIO HEIGHTS -SUNNY UPPER
X flat: 6 rooms, reception hall ; open plumbing- 1
electric gas lighting; line view; separate entrance
Sacramento and Laurel sts.
THIRST FLOOR— 4 BOOMS; LARGE YARD"
1 unliiiislied basement: $16: clean and in eooa
repair; quiet, attractive, private street. DE.MP-
STER. 36 Glen Park aye., off Twelfth st.
J~]'"LK«ANT UPPER-FLAT; 6 HDDMS; BATH-
J all modern Improvements. 1005 Hayes st.
facing Alamo square. '"
SUNN UPPER FLAT: ALL MODERN IM-
proveroents: bay-window. 714 Ridley st.
QJ A UPPER FLAT OF 4 NICE CLEAN
•~ It. rooms. 403 Oak st.
UNNY FLAT 3 ROOMS; GARDEN; ALSO
one 4 rooms, bath: $13 and $16. 1706 Posi st.
TfIVK LARGE BOOMS, FRONT AND REAB
X 1 yards, sunny: $25. 22 Twelfth St., between
Mission and Howard.
XE W SUNN V • FLA CASTRO CABLE:
-I' 5 rooms, bath; .*l4 .O. was $20; water free;
sec photograph. S. D. IiOVEY. 508 California st.
UNNY UPPER KLAT 7 ROOMS AND BATH;
all modern Improvements. 825 Hayes st.
Ql U'O.MS: YARD; stone SIDE-
*&XO. walk. 2927 Sacramento St.; cars.
JUST COMPLETED — CORNER BAY-WlN-
dow flat; 6 rooms: bath. Cor. Mission and ;3th.
7 OWE B PA I OF HOUSE FOR RENT.
IJ 908 V» Tost St.
1" 7IKGANT~NEW CORNER FLAT, 8 ROOMS
JJ and every iniaclnable convenience; worth
while seeing. 1239 Pine st.
L'-LAT— UPPER FLAT OF 4 SUNNY ROOMS
P and hath: 1262 Eighteenth st. : rent $13: new
building. BALDWIN &. HAMMOND, 10 Mont-
gomery st.
FLATS TO LET— Continued.
dh 19 LOWER FLAT. 3 LANE^LACE, OFF
»_ I— . vine st., near Mason. '"
"VTEW, BUNNY, t-BOOM FLAT; MODERN
1' improvements. 6 Tremont aye., near Waller
St., Golden Gate Park.
VI.AT: 6 BOOMS; BATH: YARD; BASEMENT.
-T 327 Haight St.
9A7-VO9 WEBSTER— SUNNY FLATS OF 6
_U( and 7 rooms; newly renovated; rent reas-
onable.
TIPPER FLAT; 27SHOTWELL ST.; 6 ROOMS
handsomely papered; bath; basement: quiet
borne for old people; $23; water free. Apply down-
airs. __^_
-. I E FLAT OF 5 LARGE SUNNY BOOMS
tit)l«J. and bath; water free. 814 Nineteenth
St., bet. Noe and Sanchez.
<r»-i X FLAT OF 5 LARGE SUNNY BOOMS
•Jilt), nnd bath: water free. 25 Ford s'., bet.
Seventeenth and Eighteenth, Noe and Sanchez.
} ELEGANT NEW FLAT*. SEVENTH ST., BE-
J low Bryant, 5 and 6 rooms, bath: $8 to $16.
DOLLARS, DIMES AND NICKELS
by renting a Hat from BALDWIN & HAM-
MO>>D It) Miiiititon-'TV St
HOlSEKElil'lXi Kt>OM.s.
Anthony- street.
8 ANTHONY — HOUSEKEEPING; N I.C E
sunny rooms.
Eddy Street.
OQ7 EDDY— SUNNY UNFURNISHED ROOM,
00 I with grate.
~?T(\ 9 EDDY— PA LOR FLOOR COMPLETE
»Jl-"— < for housekeeping; gas range; bath.
£*(\Q EDDY — FURNISHED OK UNFUR-
Uv/O nished rooms.
Ellis Street.
AQA ELLIS ST.— 4 SUNNY UNFURNISHED
"iO*! rooms; with or without carpet; gas range.
Erie Street.
~n ERIE-FURNISHED ROOMS FOR HOUSE-
O\J keeping; rent reasonable.
49"1 FIRST A V X. . KICH.viOJSIJ — iiAKUE
-j! room for light housekeeping.
I - olmiiu Street.
Q7/1 folsom, NR. sixth — housekeep-
-0 4 "± Ing rooms, completely furnished.
l-'ourth street.
Ql Q FOURTH ST.— NICELY FURNISHED
OXO housekeeping rooms: $8 np.
4I Q FOURTH— SUN V FURNISHED
"J JL O housekeeping room ; cheap.
Fulton Street.
1 1 /> FULTON — LARGE HOUSEKEEPING
J XV room: yard and water; cheap.
91 Q FULTON— ROOMS FURNISHED COM-
—XO piete for housekeeping; clean; gas: bath.
lieary stteec.
mrj GEARY — PARLOR, BEDROOM,
• dining-room, sewing-room, kitchen, bath,
2 beds: all necessaries; $24.
(■olden Gate Avenue.
1 If)GOL D EN GATE — FINELY FUR.
I•J 1 " ' nished bay-window lower flat; every con-
venience for housekeeping; sun all day; yard;
rent reasonable.
Harrison Street.
1 ft! C\ HARRISON, NEAR TWELFTH — 5
JLUJLv/ sunny housekeeping rooms; rent $10.
Howard Street.
7J.9 HOWARD — LARGE SUNNY FUR-
i *i.— nished housekeeping room.
7JA HOWARD— 1 HOUSEKEEPING ROOM;
• J. "i rent reasonable.
TV iRA I HOWARD-2 NICE SUNNY FUI?
Iv/U"l2 nished housekeeping rooms.
H9l 1 HOWARD ST.— 2 LARGE SUNNY
— 1 '2 furnished rooms for housekeeping.
nofl HOWARD— B LARGE BUNNY ALL
JL J. OU newly furnished housekeeping rooms.
m.> HOWARD~2 LARGE FURNISHED
lltj housekeeping rooms; range: rent $10;
also unfurnished.
191 J HOWARD— 2 OR 3 LARGE SUNNY,
-I«— JL"i furnished or unfurnished, housekeeping.
Hyde Street.
QOQ HYDE SUNNY HOUSEKEEPING
OVU rooms, suite or single: pric ■ moderate.
1 A9A HYDE ST.— 2 SUNNY FURNISHED
l"-v/ housekeeping rooms; good locality; $10
to desirable parties.
Mason Street.
Ol O MASON -ROOM AND KITCHEN FOR
OXfJ housekeeping; also other rooms.
Minna street.
Mission street.
Q9XI MISSION.— COMPLETELY FURX-
*j£i*J% igbed sunny housekeeping rooms; ex-
clusive bath and porch.
QT7^n~s"sTbN — NICELY FURNISHED
vi i sunny rooms; complete for housekeeping.
1 AXQ MISSION— 3 ROOMS UNFURNISHED
XKJOO or partly: cheap rent. / <
1A -; M ISSIO N-L F ONT ROOMS,
X\JOO complete for housekeeping; also others.
194.1 MISSION — 4 CONNECTING ROOMS
— "Tl completely furnished; gas- private;
reasonable.
Moss Street.
1 O MOSS, OFF HOWARD, NR. SEVENTH—
JLO 2 furnished rooms for housekeeping.
O'l'arrell Street.
JOT O'FARRELL— LA RGE. PLEASANT.
*±O I sunny room, furnished for housekpng; $10.
Ferry Street.
Ql Q 4 FINE ALL LIGHT SUNNY ROOMS;
»D-L»J» unfurnished; also 3 nice sunny rooms,
new rear house, cheap; large yard. 263 Perry st,
Post Street.
Q99 POST— TWO FURNISHED ROOMS FOR
U~,~ light housekeeping; fine rooms, with board.
sixth Street.
?: m 1 STXTn-3 sunny rooms, FUR-
OVXs nished for housekeeping.
Stockton Street.
711 STOCKTON ST.— SUNNY FURNISHED
I XX rooms for housekeeping; $12 per month.
'Ti(\° STOCKTON— ROOMS, FURNISHED
X I VJO complete for housekeeping; rent $10.
Taylor Street.
IAQ PLEASANT BACK ROOM,
X\JO suitable for light housekeeping; $2 25 per
week.
Third Street.
099 THIRD — HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS;
O^-li sunny, front: also single; very reasonable.
THIRD, COB. SOUTH PARK — FUR-
OXO nished housekeeping rooms.
Twelfth Street.
1 TH— NICELY FURNISHED
X XO housekeeping rooms; also single.
Van Ness Avenne.
1 Af\(\ VAN NESS AYE.-6 NICELY FUR-
Xtrv/U nished sunny rooms and kitchen for
housekeeping.
"Welsh Street.
m WELSH, OFF FOURTH— 2 OR 3 NICE-
Iy furnished housekeeping ro -ms; cheap.
BOUJIS TO LEX.
Branuan Street.
A 99 BRANNAN— ROOM WITH USE OF
tt^iZf stove, $1 per week.
Carlos Place.
(i CARLOS. OFF O'FARRELL, NEAR POW-
-0 ell— Furnished front room, for 2, $8; single, $4
and $5.
Eighth b treat.
SHERMAN APARTMENT HOUbE, 28 BTH
St., near Market; furniHhed and unfurnished.
In 6 EIGHTH-SUNNY ROOMS FROM $5
-LUO to $6. x I '
Kills Street.
QQA ELLIS— NICELY FURNISHED SUNNY
OG\J front suite or single room; grate and gas.
AO(\ BJULIS— NICELY furnished ROOM
~tO\J for gentlemen: $10 a month ; gas: bath.
I 1 Q ELLIS— ALCOVE ROOM; HOT
OXO running water; and single rooms; bath.
PL 9Q KLLIS-SUNNY PARLOR FLOOR; UN- (
O&O furnished; suitable for physician or den-
tist; also housekeeping rooms.
Fifth Street. ~
"I A 7 FIFTH — PLEASANT UNFURNISHED
XX.' I rooms to let. . ■• v ■ . :.-,-=
A FIFTH— LARGE sunny FURNISHED
0 1 "i room; coset; bath; private family; $1 a
week.
O9r. FIFTH— CLEAN FURNISHED «5 TO «8;
OtdO also unfurnished $2 to $7.
h illinore Street.
9AQFILLMOBE, Nil. HAIGHT-NICE FUR-
f*V O nished room und bath with pleasant family
for lady or gentlemen.
I'olsom Street.
1 803*, FOLSOM - UNFURNISHED PAR-
■*-U\JO io ; part use kitchen.
Geary Street.
4OQ GEARY, COR.-TAYLOR-SUITE OF 3
TOO connecting corner rooms; all sunny ;adapted
for doctor's office; furnished or unfurnished.
79] g a 1 ; Y - X 1 c I ; L Y FURNISHED FRONT
I — 1 alcove room; running water; reasonable.
RM 1 °. EARY ~ THREES NEATLY- FUB-
U-L I 'A nished rooms; terms reasonable.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 12, 1896.
KOOMS TO LET— Continued.
Golden Gate Avenue.
91 Q GOLDEN GATE A VS.— PLEASANT
XO sunny double and single rooms; reason-
able.
OO(\ GOLDEN GATE AYE.— SINGLE AND
•JOU double sunny rooms for gentlemen; private;
86 to $10.
Gough Street. .
1 "1 90 SOUGH— SUNNY SUITE OF ROOMS;
-1- -I- ■" furnished or unfurnished : references.
Grant Avenue.
1 7 GRANT AYE., NR. MARKET—
J- • furnished front suite.
Harrison street.
7(rn HARRISON — NICELY FURNISHED
It-"' front room; suitable for 1 or 2; $6; also
single room; $4 50 per month.
Howard Street.
17 f\ A HOWARD, Nit. THIRD-FINELY FUR-
• VJtfc nished front rooms, en suite or single; also
housekeeping.
Jones Street.
907 JONES — THE VAN WINKLE: NEW
—v/ 1 management: elegant sunny suites and
single; newly furnished; bath, etc.; $10 to $30.
OnX JONES — TWO NEWLY FURNISHED
iJ\JO sunny parlors: cas and bath.
Kearny street.
A RLI.NGTON HOUSE, 127 KEARNY-PLEAS-
XI. am sunny rooms, en suite and single ; first class |
in every respect: terms reasonable.
Langton Street.
ft 4. f\O NICELY FURNISHED FRONT
«PT:.«JU. room, with German family. 132Va
Langton st.
Lurk in Street.
A 9Q LARKIN— FURNISHED AND UNFUR-
~t'—U nished rooms to rent.
R.i 9 LARKIN - FURNISHED BACK PAR-
O.L— lor: suitable for one or two gentlemen.
TTwvj'TZr k i x - v 6 x i siTed ROOMS IN
"V/ I modem house; gas, bath, running water, i
etc
1119 LARKIX — SUNNY SINGLE ROOM;
XXX£) gas and bath.
19< \C\ LARKIN — furnished SUNNY
X-j\i\J room, opposite Lurllne Baths; rent $5.
Leavenworth Street.
9 SUNNY FRONT ROOMS FOR LIGHT HOUSE-
— keeping; 810. 512y z Leavenworth st.
Market street.
•y-OSEMITE HOUSE, 1045 MARKET. BET.
X Sixth and Seventh— Single nnd suites; per
night, 35c to $1 : week. SI &0 to $5: families
1 RAO MARKET — NICE SUNNY UNFUR-
XOKJQ nished rooms, suitable foroflices.
I 071 MARKET - NICELY FURNISHED I
XU^-i I 3 rooms, single and housekeeping; pri- '
vate family.
Mason Street.
Al 7 MASON— (CHANGED HANDS) SUNNY I
±i- I front suites, suitable for doctor's office.
McAllister Street.
Ad*} MCALLISTER — RUNNY FURNISHED
w*« room with stove; also sunny housekpg; $8. j
— ■ -_ , j
3!iiin;i - ireei.
79 MINNA— NEATLY FURNISHED RMS.;
1 I Si 75c and $1 per week.
{\$Kl MI . 3f NA, COR. EIGHTH— NEWLY FUR- !
yjyJ t nished bay-window rms;Sfl week; transient. '
Mission M reel.
p RAND SOUTHERN -SE. COR. 7TH AND
vJ" Mission, reoiiened; thoroughly renovated ;sunny j
front, rooms; elegantly furnished :sh,!?leor en suite"; I
stationary washstands and running water in
every room: choices: location; terms reasonable. !
7ftO MISSION-SUNNY FURNISHED ROOM i
I v/«J for respectable couple.
Q9^l MISSION— NICELY FURNISHED SUN- |
v—k)l ny bay-window front room; first floor; j
grate; gas.
QOCI MISSION— NICELY FURNISHED SUN- I
''-*'>■• ny double front rooms: grate; gas; closet. ]
09 mission-sunny~fiTrnishedroom";
>JL.O $9 a month.
Natoma Street.
71 Ql NATOMA— LARGE SUNN\ ROOMS;
I 103 upstaira; sunny side; rent 10. j
O'JFarrell Street.
\(\A O'FARRELL — NEWLY FURNISHED
<JUI sunny: running water: electric lights: ref. :
PL9f»l O'FARRELL— TWO SUNNY UN FUR- 1
O~\J2 nished rooms: one furnished room.
Polk Street. ~
1 7 POLK— FRONT BAY-WINDOW ROOMS;
JL i or Rlncle; $5 up; also housekeeping.
I'owell Street.
990 POWELL— SUNNY FURNISHED ROOM
£i£iO for gentlemen: rent $10.
Kausch Street.
DO RAUSCH— 4 NICE SUNNY ROOM«; FIT
00 for 2 families; good location: low rents.
South larK,
If* SOUTH PARK— WELL FURNISHED 4 !
J. U rooms, $13; single room, $5.
Seventh Street.
1 Off SEVENTH — FURNISHED ROOMS $1
10 i week up; also housekeeping and transient.
Sixth ree:.
944. SIXTH— FRONT ROOMS.
Stevenson Street.
'({".RTEVESSOX — 2 UNFURNISHED
O\JO rooms; cheap.
Stockton Street.
dl 7 STOCKTON— LA RGE FURNISHED SUN
xl I ny front room, $8: single, $6; _> unfurnished.
1 31 A STOCKTON— FRON SCIT SUITABLE
JLt/JLTt' doctor or dentist; nicely furnished ;chf-ap.
A RRETT, NR. STOCKTON, OFF BUSH
*i Handsomely furnished suite of rooms; all
modern conveniences: reasonable.
suitor Street,
QO9 SUTTER — THREE NICELY FUR-
')'>*-t nished -unny rooms for couple or three
gents; very reasonable.
'third Street.
""TTINCHESTER HOUSE— 44 THIRD, NEAR
■" Market; most convenient Ami respectable; "00
rooms 26c to $1 50 per night: si BO to $6 per week:
electric lights in every room: reading I'm : tree bus.
Taylor Street.
C 99 TAYLOR — NICELY FURNISHED
O£*£i rooms: new throughout; thoroughly re-
spectable.
TAYLOR— SUNNY FRONT ROOM -.NICE
• UO lor 1 or 2 gentlemen.
71 / \ TAYLOR, NR. TTEK-NEAT ROOM;
I X\J private family: $8: no sign.
Turk Street.
11 O TURK — ELEGANT SUITE; SUNNY
J JLU parlors; unfurnished or furnished to order;
board optional.
XI 1 -a TURK— NEWLY FURNISHED SUNNY
OXV> parlor suite; $15.
K/19 TURK— arm NY SINGLE ROOM WITH
UttO bath; private: $5. /
Valencia Street.
OftA VALENCIA — 1 NICELY FURNISHED
tJ\J~t sunny furnished room.
Van Ne-is Avenue.
Q9f) VAN NES'-FURnTsHED ROOMS WITH
O£\J board; suite or single.
Miscellaneous.
HANDSOMELY FII R X ISHKD FRONT
J-l suite rooms, private house, to desirable per-
sons; boari or breakfast if desired; neighborhood
best. Address H. M. BURT, Station A, P. O. ;
BO Ar.li i X G A>i> KOUits.
SMALL AMF.RI ( ' A X KA :■ 1 1 1. V W l l, L A < '( O f--
0 moila'p gentleman of refinement nth hand-
sour ly furnished room and board; location cen-
tral and superior; best references required.
Address M. P., box 7, Call Office.
1 ADY HAVING PRETTY HOME, ALONE
XJ all day, would like congenial widow to take
hoard and room; $25: musician preferred; refer-
ences required. Address A. A., box 53, Call OP.ice. i
IF YOU WANT A PLEASANT HUME CALL
at Van Ness aye.. cor. Bush st.; the Winder-
mere; references required.
p OOD HOME, BOARD AND ROOM, IN GER
VJ" man family: reasonable. 208 Seventh st.
OOe EDDY— HOTEL NOBMANDIK: SUNNY
«-''— vi slng.e rooms; table board ; ins reasonable.
Id ft TWENTY - FIRST, COR. GUSRER 1 :
• ""J very pleasant sunny rooms with excellent
board; reasonable.
HOTEL BEKTLINO. 714 MUSH— A FAMILY
hotel: references given and required; all mod-
ern conveniences.
C B I L DREN BOARDED. ~~
T ADY WILITtaKE clTf l^^n' TO^aAnF;
i-> age from 1 year up. A ppiy 324"/ Tenth st.
ONE OR 1 WOCHILDREN"TO BOARD: MOTH-
er'B care. 66 Erlest.
ENGLISH WIDOW U'ISHES 2 CHILDREN
to board ; room for parent. 47% Gilbert st.
GK R M AN LADY WISHES A CHILD TO
\J board, not over 1 year old; references given.
Address K. S., box 18, Call Office.
\\' ANTED— INFANT TO -RAISE; MOTHER'S
»T care. Call or address 1332 Howard st.
ANTED— RESPECTABLE FAMILY
"" child to board; mother's care; references;
Riven: girl preferred ; age 3 years up. fleas call
or address 138 Fulton m,
A MERICAN~WOMAN WOULD LIKE CHlL-
XVdrento board: terms reasonable. 1316 Bry-
ant st,, near Tenth. ,
CLAIRVOYANTS.
OTAS LIGHT] "~ .-,.r,.,-..,.r,,.-,.^^.n.
MULTITUDE RS are cured,
THOUSANDS ARE enriched.
Every day the Great Egyptian .-eeress works
miracles and the name of ' Star Light becomes a
household word in thousands of homes. Every
mail brings letters of congratulation from Cripple
Creek and elsewhere of immense strikes made
solely through her wonderful as well as miraculous
powers. Science is her han maid, She diagnoses
diseases by a scientific process unknown to the
medical fraternity. sworn statements of the lame,
the blind and the halt attest her miraculous powers
beyond peradveuture. Misfortune and disease flee
from the presence of her magic Egyptian charms.
See her ere she is called from these Western shores
to perform miracles at the request of kiiiirs. Secure
a charm before It is too late und the opportunity is
lost forever. Parlors 2 and 3. 8651/2 Market st.
MME. PORTER, THE CARD-READER, HAS
IU returned: ladies 50c. ; ttentlemeu $1 ; clairvoy-
ant sittings SI 60. 126 Turk at., near Jones.
\ j M X. STEWART THE CHILD MEDIUM;
i'» great clalrvojant and card-reader: seventh
daughter of the seventh daughter, has returned o
her old rooms in san Francisco; ladies and gents
00c. 91 1 Market St., parlors 3 and 4.
AIRS. RYNERSON, WORLD-FAMED LO-
-L'»- cater of mines and minerals. Room 20, 148
Sixth st.
■pRESKNT, PAST AND FUTURE, 25c. MME
X liEQOETTE, 311 Tehama St., near Fourth.
STARLIGHT READS YOUR CAREER FROM.
kJ the cradle to the grave. 1-arlor 5. 865y 2 Market.
M MB " MORKAU, BEST MhCDIUM; REVEALS
■LU- present and future ;2sc up. 764 Howard st.
pROF. LEON, THE RENUWNKD PALMIST
X clairvoyant: wonderful power; convinces you
when others fail. 583 Post, 9to 8: also Sunday.
AIME. RAVENNA, SITTINGS DAILY:
-i._ names given, 25c up; systems taught to play
races and sure tips given. 828 Howard. ...,..-:
ME. DR. THOMAS, SCIENTIFIC REVEAL-
er by eegs and cards: tells entire life, post,
present, future; consultations on all affairs: noth-
ing excepted; names Riven: good advice: sure
help; restores lost love by sympathy; mistake im-
possible; fee $1; letter $2. 929 Post st,, nr. Larkln.
AU GU- T A LEOLA, FORTUNE TELLER-
magic charms, love tokens; true picture of
future wife and husband: teaches fortune telling:
develops clairvoyance, slate writing, etc.; has the
seven holy seals ana the Palestine wonder charms;
feesl and upward. 8826 Mission, nr. Twentieth.
CLAIRVOYANT — CARD READING, 60a
I ■IV.d Octavia st. formerly 128 Turk st.
PI It IT UAL, 1 31 .
A. A. A. ■
THE REALIZATIONS
OF THE DREAMS OF AGES.
THE FUTURE UNVEILED
FOR THOSE WHO CARE TO SEE.
The Prophet has arrived and is now in the city;
that great exponent of the occult art, that le-
nowned and famous medium— Professor Van 'Je
Vere— whose clairvoyant vision penetrates all the
subtle mysteries of Life and Death, from which the
common mind is veiled.
Query: Why Is it that so many persons— men
and women sifted in many ways— struggle on from
day to day, urued on by love of hate, or ambition,
yet vt-r succeed, although their exertions are al-
most superhuman and their fortitude is more than
sublime as they drag their weary limbs through
years of tria's, while their poor, tired eyes gaze
yearningly for that Mecca of Happiness they have
never foil 'id'.'
But there is hope for all the unsuccessful ones.
Consul i Professor Van de Vere, and he win tell
you what the trouble is and how to remedy it. No
matter whether you are rich or poor, high or low,
he desires to bold out the hand of friendship and
good cheer to all who are martyrs upon the rack
of fate.
Professor Van de Vere sends greetings to the
people of San Irancisco and vicinity, and Invites
all those who ere unfortunafeor in trouble to come
to him and have the cloud removed. Advice
given on business investments, speculation, love,
courtship, marriage and divorce; in fnc , upon
every mutter that would concern your future suc-
cess. All communications sacredly confidential.
Letters containing stamps answered.
Hours: 9a. m. to Bp. m. Parlors, 305 Jones St..
near Turk.
S~ CHLATTER, BCHLATTER,
IS NOT HERE, HUT
MRS. DR. MI RAN PAS
IS LOCATED AT 1521V2 MARKET.
MRS. DR. MIRANDAS, the world-renowned me-
dium, at the urgent request of her many patrons,
las again returned. Through her successful treat-
ment of diseases in the large Eastern cities she has
become world renowned. Her wonderful medium-
IStIC power permits her to read the past, present
and future, an 1 lay it before 3on as an open book.
She diagnosis disease and treats you without a
slngU- question as to your ailment. MRS. DR.
MIRANDAS, with her wonderful revealed medl-
| ctne, is treating hundreds of sufferers who seek her
of.ices from all the Pacific slope. Come each if
: you desire to be treated. Ladle t can consult Her
with perfect ease and confidence. Rich and poor
throng her parlors daily. All those that are hick
and troubled can rind Immediate relief and perma-
nent cure. If you are able to visit her offices at
15211/2 Market at . opp. Van Ness aye., write and
enclose lock of hair and «1 fora thorough diagnosis
and till life reading. You will learn of something
! that you never knew before. OHice open every
day In the year except Fridays. Hours, 10 A. ii.
to Bp. M. Sundays, Itosp. m.
GV PUT MEDIUM; CHARMS GIVEN FREE;
readings 50,-., geutß $1. luOll Mission St.. r. 1.
M~ ISS MELVINA; CLAIRVOYANT; TRUE
picture of future husband or wife. 768y 2 How-
ard st.
D~ K. WOOD, i : I .EIJRATJSD INDEPENDENT
slate writer and trance medium. 597 Ellis st.
* WONDERFUL POWER OVER DISEASE;
-t\. Mrs. Dr. W. Marandas' revealed medicines;
never full in rheumatism, paralysis, fits and nil
nervous diseases, etc.; if yon cannot call and' seek
this wonderful medium write and inclose a lock of
hsir and > 1 for a correct diagnosis of your disease;
true life readme. ]f>-iy» Market st., opp. Van
. Ness aye., San Francisco, Cat
MRS. J. .1. WHITNEY, clairvoyant
trance medium : sittings $1. '-'18 Stockton st,
MKOICAL.
ALL I K.MAI, i: IRREGULARITIES RE
stored in a few hours: safe and sure relief at
any lime; travelers helped atones?: home in con-
finement; French pills guaranteed: consult iree.
MRS. DR. WEYTH, 916 Post at., near Lark in.
DRS. GOODWIN MAKES a SPECIALTY OP
diseases of women and restores all cases of ir-
regularity iii one (lav, guaranteeing a cure or no
• charge; separate borne for patients: best skill;
■medical attendance; low fees; regulator. $2
; 1370 Market.
' "I Ai}IES — emCHESTER'S: ENGLISH : TEN-
XJ nyroyal Pills (Diamond Brand) are the best- I
safe, reliable; take no other: tend 4c, stamps, for !
particulars. "Relief for I-adies," in letter by retura
mall ; nt druggists. Chichester Chemical Company,
Philadelphia. Pa. <
i A BLESSING TO LADIES — INSTANT RE"
; J\. lief for monthly Irregularities (from whatever
cans'-, by the most experienced ladies' physician*
In San Francisco, restores all cases by an improved I
method, superior to others; ladies will save time j
and money, be assured of honest treatment by I
consulting the doctors before calling on oth'rs:
: patient* who have been imposed upon are upe-
; dally invited: home in confinement: treatment
. warranted: advice free, confidential. DR. and MRS. i
I DAVIEs; 14 McAllister at., near Jones.
ANEW PROCESS— NO MEDICINE, tNSTBU- |
ments or worthless pills usea: every woman i
1 her own physician for all female troubles, no mat- \
j ter irum what <ause; restores always 111 one day; I
jif you want to be treated safe and stir' call on men's j
I physician ;knowlPdge can be sent and used at home;
I all cases guaranteed. DR. POPPER. dlB Kearny st.
; f ADIES - DAUDKT'rs 9 FEMALE f BEG ULAI
! J-J ting Pills: strongest, safest, best! never fail •
; fl per box. WIDBER'S drugstore, 14 Bills su,
! lbrmcr 'y cor. Market and Third sis., sole agents.
j TV:. HALL. 14 McA 1 LISI l:it SI REKT, NEAK
— '.Jones. Diseases Of women and children.
j A SURE CURE FOR MA. FEMALE D I S-
, -fA. pases, from whatever cause: a hems In con-
I niiem«-nt with every comfort; satisfaction guar-
I anteed, by MBS. DR. (jWYKR. 2-JO Turk st.
! fVO I'RAK's FEMALE REGULATING PILLS;
! RirTf n n<: < c f ?v!'' i ''ninipnngogue: $1 per box.
"H-itAJiDsACo.. druggists,4t6 Clay st. .sole ag'ts.
A mV, MI V; ' MOTHER'S CARET
XV MRS. DR.FUNK'S I l4l6Klgh.h St.. A lamed i.
\ j KS. DR. WKUENER; PRIVATE HOME IN
«■ confinement: Irregularities cured in a few
j nours without Operation; pills $2. 419 Eddy St.
i Al.l'KAir's FRENCH" PILLS, A BOON TO
I -fi- ladles troubled with irregularities: no danier:
•* and sure: f2 50 express c. O. D.; don't delay
until too late. OSOOOD 8R03.. Oakland, Cal.
li- IR REGULAR oil AN FKMALE DISEASE
■*■ tee .Mrs. I'r. Vnt-tz and be content. 284V B 4th.
STOKES TO LET.
riALIFORNIA AND LARKIN— THREE FINE
\J stores in that tine building on the southeast
corner, suitable for barber-shop, confectionery or
bicycle-store; an offer desired. A. J. RICH & CO.,
real estate agents, 112 Montgomery st.
gTORE TO LET; 20x30. 140 MINNA ST.
npo let — SPACE FOR LOCKSMITH and
a electrician in hardware store. Corner Polk and
Saciamento sts.
CTOre, handy foroffice OR ANY
£10 £mall bus: ness; fine show-window: cheap rent,
Alb Leave 11 worth st., near Ellis.
BASEMiiNT"TtrLET CHEAP. COR. FIRST
and Market sts.
FOR RENT— LARGE FRONT OFFICE AND
part of store. 221 and 223 Market st.
OFFICES TO LET.
DESK ROOM. SIXTH FLOOR, ROOM 6,
___Mills building.
L|~P>~KST IN 'IJIK CITY; KLEOANT SUNNY
-» Sat of 6 very large rooms; bath, etc.; arranged
tor office and living-rooms; on Post St., overlook-
Ing Union Park; 2 blocks from Keenly ; long lease
and part of furniture for s<le: very cheap rent.
Address .1. E. s .. box 116, this office.
pil YSICIAN, CI-.N'I 'RALLY LOCATED, WILL
— share office; $17 60 each. Address P., box 6,
this oilice.
O1 7 GEARY— PARLOR FLOOR; SUITABLE
JJ - I for business: key at 2171&.
I RENT (i.i MONTH) GIVEN GOOD
tenants; cottage.i, flats, *5 up. SPECK <t CO.
602 Market st . .
LEGANT OFFICES IN NEW SPRECKEL9
building, 925 Market: rents low; no extra
charge for gas. janitor service* or healing. Apply
I *t buildiiis or O. H. UMIISEN _ CO., 14 Atom*, su
DENTISTS.
DR. GE^R^se^~"^vTXkelT. THE GENUINE
Leek dentist, discoverer of painteax extraction
and patentee of improved bridge work or teeth
without any plate, moved from 6 to 20 O'Farrell st.
PAINLESS EXTRACTION. 50c: CROWN
X bridge work a specialty; plates, $5 up; 13 years'
experience. R. L. WALSH, D.D.S., 815 Geary.
SET OF TEETH WITHOUT A PLATE.
DR. H. G. YOUNG, 1841 Polk s^
DR. H. H. SHAW, 224 KEARNY — BRIDGE-
work a specialty; open evenings 7:30 to 9.
R. L. T. CRANZ— EXTRACTION PAINLESS,
crown work, bridge work and teeth withou;
plates a specialty. 103 Geary St., cor. Grant, aye.
ROOME DENTAL ASSOCIATION, 759 MAR-
\J ket, bet. 3d and 4th, gas specialists; only reli-
able agent for painless extraction: artificial teeth
frmss; fillings $1: extracting 50c. with gassl.
(D»"7 A SET FOR TEETH: WARRANTED A3
<P I good as can be made; filling $1. DR. SIMMs,
dentist, 930 Market St.. next Baldwin Theater.
nB. LUDLUM HILu 1443 MARKET ST.,
-L/ near Eleventh: no charge for extracting when
plates are made: old plates made over like new;
teeth from $8 per set: extracting 50c: gas given.
OLTON DENTAL ASSOCIATION. 800 MAR-
V7ketst. DR. CHARLES W. DECKER.
DR. J. J7LEEK, 1206 MARKET, COR. GOLDEN
Gate aye.— Open evenings: Sundays till noon.
LL WORK REASONABLE AND WAR-
ranted. DR. J. W. KEY. 1122 Market st.
* WEEK'S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS _ THiS
V. WEEKLY CALL. In wrapper, for mailing.
~ PHYSICIANS.
RTA^n^UCIsTp—Y^ciNTs'ullGE^NTROY^
University Turin, ltaly. Nucleus b1dg,661 Markt
ATRS. UR. PARLOW, CHIROPODIST. 126
■I— Kearny, rm. 47, hrs. 11 to 5; res. St. Nicholas.
DKMOVKD-DR. C. C. O'DONNELL TO 1208
It Market St.; diseases of women a specialty.
BUI* DING AND LOAN ASSOCIATION.
r\ ONTI NENTAL BUILDING AN dTCoAN AS
\J Bociatioti— Home office, 222 Sansome St., S. F.
General savings & loan business. Ed E. Hill, Pres.;
Oliver Kid ridge V.Pr.; W Corbiu.SecA.Uen.Mita
JDlVOitCli J > ilOC__l>l-N „.
Complaints filed:
Caroline Minz;,'lior against Matthew Mlnzghor.
Susie Drake against John O. Drake.
Divorce granted :
Elizabeth Rowland from Jack R. Rowland, for
willful desertion: by Judge Sanderson. Plaintiff
allowed custody of minor child.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
[Birth, marriage and death notices sent by mall
will not be Inserted. They must be handed Iv at
either of the publication ollices and be indorsed
with the name and residence of persons authorized
to have the same published. J
BORN.
BARBER— In los Angeles, January 4, 1896, to the
wife of Dr. D. C. Barber, a son.
COOPER — In this city, January 9. 1896, to the
wife of William Cooper, a daughter.
McARDLE— In this city, January 2, 1896, to the
wife of Peter McArd'.e. a son."
MrENTKE— In this city. January 3, 1896, to the
wife of James J. McKntee. a daughter
MALLEY— In tnis city, December 29, 1895, to the
wife of E. Malley, a son.
METER— In Lorin, December 28, 1895, to the
wife of E. G. Meyer, a daughter.
RICHARDS— In Selby, Contra Costa County, De-
cember 27, 1895, to the wife of Charles Richards,
a son.
STORMFIELD-In this city. January 8, 1896, to
the wife of F. Stormtield, a daughter.
_______
MARRIED.
GARTLAND-CONATV— In this city. January 1,
1896, at St. Peter's Church, by the" Rev. Father
Casey. Patrick Gartland aDd Mary Conaty, both
of San Francisco.
MURPHY-SANP.ORN— In Oakland, January 7,
1896, by the Rev. R. Ritchie. William Henry Mur-
phy and Theodora M. Sanborn, both of San Fran.
Cisco.
DERBY— In this city. December 15,1895,
by the Rev. Father Fnrgersou, Maurice A. Swift
and KmmaL. Perry, both 01 San Francisco.
DIED.
Cassidy. John J. Kragge, John
Coldwell, George W. Malley (infant)
Dunworth, Johanna Martin, James G.
Gill. Charles Mueller, Willielmino
.ill. Annie O'Brien. Eliza
Hansell, Caroline 8. O'Mara, Margareth
CASSIDY— will be an anniversary hlsrh
mass for the repose of the soul of the late John
Joseph Cassidv at St. Rose's Church, Brannan
street. TUESDAY, at 9 o'clock a. m. Friends
of the family are requested to attend.
COLDWELL— In this city, January 11, 1896.
George W. Cold well, father of the late D. R. Cold-
well of Alameda, a native of Berwick, Nova
Scotia, ace,l 74 years. [Nova Scoua papers
pi ease copy.]
tfjT" Friends* and acquaintances are rf>snee -
. fully invited to attend tne funeral TO-MORROW
(Monday), at 10:20 o'clock a. m.. from the resi-
dence of his sun-tn-law, Nathan Davidson. 564
Pennsylvania avenue, near Sierra street. Inter-
ment Cypress lawn Cemetery, by train leaving
Third Anil Townsend streets at 11:45 o'clock a.m.
DUNWOP.TH— In this city, January 11, 1896,
Johanna, beloved wife of Peter Dnnworth. and
mother of Mrs. C. Rial. Mrs. J. O'Shea, Mrs. F.
Roberts and James and Peter Dnnworth, a na-
tive of the parish of Raloo, County Kerry, Ire-
land, aged 54 years.
4fa*Friends and acquaintances are respect-
full.- invited to attend th« funeral TO-MORROW
(Monday), at 8:30 o'clock a. m.. from her late
residence, 25 V a Clinton street, between Sixth
and Seventh, llryant and Brannan. thrncetoSt.
Rose's Church, where a requiem high mas?
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul, com-
mencing at 9 o'clock a. m. Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery.
G ILL— In this city. January 5. 1896. Charles Gill,
a native of Yorkshire, England, aged 61 years.
jftyFnends aii't acquaintances are resD&Ct-
fully Invited to attend the funeral .THIS D\Y
(Sunday), at :30 o'clock p. m., from St. George's
Hall, 317 Mason street, where funeral services
will be held under the auspices of Pickwick
Lodge No. 259, Order sons of St. George. Inter-
ment X. O. O. F. Cemetery. Remain ' at the par-
lor? of the Western Addition Funeral Directors,
242? California street, between l'lllniore and
Steiner.
GILL— In this city, January 11, 1596, Annie Gill,
beloved daughter of Francis Gill, and sister of
Mary and James GUI, a native of Ireland, aged
40 years.
K3~Notlce of funeral hereafter. Remains at
j 258 Fifth street, Oakland.
: HANSELL— In this city, January 10. 1896, Caro-
line s., relict of the late William E. Hans»il.
I a native of Philadelphia, Pa., aged (54 years and
2 months.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend Hie f'ineral TO-MORROW
( Mondavi, at 2 o'clock p. if  from her late resi-
dence. 710 LaiKin street, interment 1. O. O. F.
I Cemetery.
; KRAGGE— In the City nnn County Hospital. Jan-
I vary 11, 1896. John Krug?e, aged 47 years.
MALLEY— In this city. -ember 29, 1895. infant
son of Edward and Mamie Malley.
| MARTIN— In Sacramento, January 10. 1896,
Jnn-.e* G., husband of Ciav.-f.ord C." Martin and
father of J. 1... George W., William W. aid Mabel
S. Martin, a native of Nova Scotia, aged 67 years
2 months and 2 days.
fITB-Tlie funeral will take place THIS DAY
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock p. m.. Nt Vallejo.
MUKLLER— this city. January 9. 1896, wii-
helmine, beloved daughter of John and Julia
Mueller, ft native or San Francisco, aged 7
months and 9 days.
fVFrienda lin<l acquaintances aro respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock l\ m., Horn the residence
of tier parents, ::06 Seventh street, near Fo;som,
thence to St. Bqnlface's Ctitiri-n, Golden Gate
avenue, for services at 1 :S0 o'clock p. m. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery.
O'BRIEN— An anniversary solemn requiem high
mass for the late Eilsa O'Brien, mo: her of Rev.
Father Damian O'Brien, 0.P., will he celebrated
TUESDAY. January 14. at 9 o'clock a. m., in
St. Dominic's Church, corner Bush and Steiner
streets. Krlemls are invited to attend.
O'MARA — In this city, January 11. 1896. Mar-
gareth O'Mara, bwloved mother of John O'Mara,
Mrs. Mary Philips and the late Mrs. C. Nobmann,
a native of Ireland, aged 97 years.
Hir Friends and acquaintances ar* rMo«c.r.-
fully i'Vited to afend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Monday), at 9:30 o'clock a.m.. from the resi-
dence of Mr. C Nobmann, 2031 Fill more street,
corner California, thence toSt. Dominic's Church,
corner Bu*h and Steinr-r streets, for services a-
-10 o'clock a. it. Interment Mount Calvary
Cemetery.
FITZGERALD— Mrs. James Fitzgerald and chil-
■ dren extend their most heartfelt thanks to the
Spring Valley Water Company and its employes,
who were so kind to them In their late bereave-
ment— the unexpected and sudden loss of a dear
husband and father, James Fitzgerald.
" ~ ""UNITED" UNDERTAKERS'
EMBALMING PARLOUS.
Everything Requisite for First-class Funerals
at Reasonable Rates.
Telephone 3167^^27 and 29 Fifth street.
*~ WIcAVOY & QALLACHER,
FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMBALM
SO Fifth St., Opp. Lincoln School.
Telephone 3080.
[Jab. McmVxomkt. "Chas. McMbNomeV;
JAMES McMENOBIEV St SON,
UNDERTAKERS AND EMBALM^KS.
1057 Mission Street, Near Seventh.
Telephone No. 3354.
JAS. ENGLISH. T. R. CAREW
CAKEW & ENGLISH,
UNDERTAKERS AND EMBALMERS,
FUNERAL DIKECTOKS,
19 Van Ness aye., near Market st., San Francisco
Telephone c-o. 31 56. N. B.— Not connected with
any other house in this city.
CYPRESS LAWN CEMETERY,
IN SAN MATEO COUNTY; NON-SECTARTAWi
laid out on the lawn plan: perpetual carl ■ beat
Uful, permanent and easy of access; tee it below
hOjrllig » bum, place elsewhere. ; ° elM *
City oflic*, a City Hall Arena*.
■ ' ' ' ■ . - ■ ... ■ .
NEW BUSINESS BLOCK IN PROSPECT.
A hondsom'- lui'ding will soon occupy the site of the business houses recently destroyed by
fire >.n the Clark estate at the comer of Bush and Battery streets. The new structure,
which, is to be six stories high, will be built of granite in the lower and buff Roman brick
aud term cotta in the upper stories. There is an intention to confine the use of the build'
ing strictly to commercial purposes, no offices being let in the upper stories. The design
herewith is by Edward R. Swain. The cost of the structure is estimated at $100,<XX).\
CEMETERIES AS PARKS
George T. Bowen Argues Against
the Proposed Ordinance of
the Supervisors.
Large Revenues Being Spent in Beauti
fying and Improving Them Would
Be Cut Off.
Those interested in the Odd Fellows',
Laure! Hill and Masonic cemeteries are
very much concerned over the proposed
ordinance before the Board of Supervisors
to stop the further sale of lots. This, they
claim, would cut off their supply of funds,
prevent them from keeping the cemeteries
trim and cause them to become nuisances.
They claim that the ordinance in not pro
venting burials in lots already sold can
really accomplish nothing except making
the burial-grounds eyesores.
George T. Bowen, president of the Odd
Fellows' Cemetery Association, speaking
of the matter last evening said :
"If they stop the sale of any more lots
they cut off our revenue, and instead of
making the cemeteries Deauty spots they
will become nuisances. It has been our
aim for years to make ours a promenade
park. We intended to wall it in and fur
ther improve it. As it is more people visit
our cemetery than any other in the coun-
try.
"There is nothing in the argument that
its presence is a menace to health. It is
well known that the twelfth is the most j
healthy ward in the City. Tnis argument,
and, in fact, the whole light, is being
made, I have no doubt, by the San Mateo
cemeteries. The people in the neighbor- j
hood are not fighting us.
Another thine, much of the improve
rnflnt of the neighborhood is due to the !
presence of the cemrtery. When it was '
desired to put in the sewer and do the j
other work on Point Lobos road we were
the first to sign contracts and get the
other property owners in, and have spent
over $30,000 in that way. Laurel Hill
Cemetery has spent $80,000 in the last few
years in streets and walls.
"There is no objection to well-kept cem- i
eteries in Eastern or in European cities, i
where many of them are objects of pride,
and pleasure grounds for the people. It is
not as if this City was going to be cramped
for want of ground. If this ordinance is
passed, it will mean simply that the cem
eteries will in time become neglected and
become eyesores."
YOUKG OARSMEN.
Sturdy Youngsters Who Are Preparing:
for Xext Season.
The rowing clubs continue their active
preparations for next season's campaign.
This City has an unusual quantity of good
material for the organization of first-class
clubs. It is noted that the young men
and the athletic striplinsrs of the City are
most enthusiastic in their preliminary
work. The weather this winter has been
most propitious for the development of
toughened muscles.
The Ariel Club elected the following
olhcers at its last meeting: Robert Mc-
Ginnis, president; P. J. Enright, vice
president; E. J. Flanders, secretary; J.
Coughlin, treasurer; Robert Ellis, cap
tain; H. Pies*, vice-captain; directors,
J. U. Bartxnan, D. J. Sneehan, Andy Car
roll and Albert Carroll; delegate to the
Pacific Athletic Association, W. J. Pren
dergast. On Sunday, the 19th inst., a high
jinks will bo held at the boathouse. W. 1".
Prendergast of the club is in training for a
skiff race with J. R. Bockman.
The following otlicers were installed at
the last regular meeting of ihe Dolphin
Club: President, T. J. Sullivan; vice-presi
dent, James B. Keenan; financial secre
tary. Fradk C. Staib; recording secretary,
H. *C. Vanderwater; treasurer, Adam L.
ser?eant-at-arms, Peter yon
Hadlen; trustees, D. T. Ewert, W. J.
Schumacher and George C. Alfritz; cap
tain. \Y\ O. Patch; lieutenant-captain, C.
J. Mopan ; executive committee, E. D. Sul
livan, James J. Cronin.
John T. Cashin and James G. Earls were
elected to membership, and Al Laib was
proposed.
A committee consisting of James J. Cro
nin, A. L. Schuppert, F. C. Woerner, E.
V. Sullivan and Joseph Laib were ap
pointed to arrange for a picnic to be held m
the latter pan of April.
FROEBEL SOCIETY.
Annual Meeting— .Encouraging Keporta.
£lection of Officers.
The annual meeting of the California
Froebel Society was held Friday, 2:30 p. m.
January 10. 1896, at 61 Silver street. Sail
Francisco, Vice-President Mrs. Dohrman
in the chair. The reports from the various
officers were very encouraging, especially
that of the treasurer, w o reports no in
debtedness and $14 25 cash on hand.
A number of new books have been pur
chased for the library, and Mrs. C. B. Alex
ander very kindly presented the Froebel
Society with Miss Nora Smith's latest pub
lication. Regret was expressed at the
resignation of the vice-president, Mrs
Dohrman, who has been such an efficient
officer the Dast two years. The following
persons were elected to serve for the ensu
ing year:
Honorary presidents, Mrs. Kate Within Rl s
ana Mrs. Sarah B. Cooper; president, »SIS
X^ora A. Smith; vice-president, Miss Grace Bar
nard; recording secretary, Mitt M. Bullock
corresponding secretary. Miss Banning; finan
7.1 6 , r etary - M ,i? Marjr Ames : treasurer, Miss
?* ir iV pS; hhrar:a n. Mme. Plise; repor
ter, Mrs. H. Korean Nordlund.
After the election of officers the meeting
adjourned for a social hour, during which
time refreshments were served by the ex
ecutive committee., .
.tS 1 . 16 Vienna an d St. Petersburg are
at «?a ?dfni W - ng * h « P°P u 'ation has been
at standstill in Berlin for the past year
S»Sa S year raerly inCrWM ™ ™
FIRST QUAKER REVIVAL.
The Society of Friends Will Hold
Religious Services at
South Berkeley.
" Speak Easy's" Proprietor Found
Guilty of Violating the One-
Mile Limit Law.
BERKELEY. Cal., Jan. 11.- The first
series of revival meetings ever held in
California by the Quaker Society, moro
commonly known as the Friends' church,
are now in progress at Ashby Hall, South.
Bertceley. The initial service was held
last night under the leadership of Kevival
ist . T IL. Doutrias, superintendent of the
yearly meetings in California. He is
assisted in the work by Rev. Lida Romick,
a distinguished Quaker evangelist from
Ohio. The society in California was or
ganized twelve years ago with a member
ship of only twelve. At the present time
it has over 1200 supporters of the faith in
this State alone.
Their field of activity has recently been
broadened by the establishment of « col
lege of their own denomination at "Wbittier,
Los Angeles County, which has developed
to large proportions considering mat it is
a strictly denominational institution. The
church in Berkley lias among its mem
bers some of the leading business men in
town. The services at Ash by Hall will be
continued indefinitely.
Suffragists to Sleet.
BERKELEY, Cal., Jan. 11. —W. H.
O'Brien, the recently elected manager of
the Altrurian, the official organ of the
Altruistic colon}', will speak before the
Citizen's Suffrage Club of Berkeley next
Monday afternoon at Stiles Hall on
"Strong Points in Woman Suffrage and
the Liability of Failure Through Woman's
Non- Acquaintance With Political Meth
ods." This topic is directly in line with
the principle of the unpreparsd condition
of woman for assuming the burden of po
litical responsibility which Mrs. George
Haight, president of the county and local
suffrage organizations, have been agitat
ing, and whicti the Berkeley society will
continue to promulgate until tiie amend
ment election striking out the word
"male" from the State constitution takes
place this fall.
1 <>ii/.» Found Guilty.
BERKELEY, Cal., Jan. 11.— The trial
of Fred Fonzo of Center-street restaurant
fame for violating the one-mile limit law
took place this afternoon before Judge
James. The trial was the result of the
raid which Marshal Lloyd made on No
vember 10.
Deputies Bone and Rawson testified as
to the circumstances attendant with the
raid, and George Colby, an agricultural
chemist at the university, gave testimony
that the contraband staff tasen from Fon»
zo'a "speaß easy" was liquor. Upon *hia
a verdict of euiity was rendered.
Professor Jones' Xew Coarse.
BERKELEY, Cat,., Jan. 11. — Pro
fessor William Carey Jones of the chair
of jurisprudence at the university an
nounces that he will give a course of
lectures during the coming term upon the
"Monroe Doctrine; Its Origin, Application
and Development." One hour a week will
be given to the subject, and the course will
be open to such students as have pur
sued the course on the principle of inter-,
national law.
STUDYING THE HEAVENS.
An Interesting Lecture on Astronomy
by Professor Lenschner.
Professor A. E. Leu?chner of the Uni
versity of California delivered an interest
ing lecture last evening in the Mechanics'
Institute. His subject was "^omeJßecent
Advances in Astronomy," and as the pro
fessor progressed in his address the
principal features were illustrated by
btereopticon pictures thrown upon canvass.
The attendance was large, the big lecture
room being filled to the doors.
In his preliminary remarks Professor
Leuschner went bauk in history to the
earliest races of niariKind who made a
study of the heavvus, and followed the
science of astronomy through the times
when it was studied by tne Chaldeans,
Egyptians, Grecians, and then to the
C Imstian era. He dealt particularly with
the importance of the big telescopes, as
tronomical photography and the spectro
scope, and the inestirna'ble value these are
to the pursuit of ihis science. The views
| presented by the siereopticon gave the
spectators a better insight into the man
ner in which the astronomers study the
heavens than anything could, except
actual observation and personal experi
ence in a modern observatory.
UCQAL >OTICJC.S.
"[\JOTICIf TO CREDITORS — KSTATE " "am
IN 1A1 l Gl:S DAVIDSON. Deceased. Notice , ■
hereby given by the undersigned executors of tha
last will and testament of MARCUS DAVIDS v
deceased. to the creditors of and «11 personi
hfhS \°,l clalm , 8 ajrainst the sald ler..ased "ex*
hibit them, with the necessary vouchers within
f0 "f months after the Brat publication of ti,£
notice to said executors, a 161 Xew Mnn»o«~
cry st., city and county of t>an Franc sco s"a R tHj
a ' fo , ml? - whlch «W place the nndersiljnedsefect
» s .,^ e l'; Place of business In all in liters oonu cc ,«rt
with said estate. MY KH DA V IDSOX '
Becember in. 1895.
>til,.>rior Coon, in ml for Hie 11 ■ 'n ,■ HK
of San Francis.o. >tate of C a orn ■? " ,h° Unty
day, and the courtroom^ Depart n .' m \o" o-°. fsaid
court, at the new city Kail in 11,^, So , 9of sal(l
cation of JOHN C. Hf;H ks n ,',H i'. l w c 1 '
testamentary. a»uance to them of letters
Dated January 3, A. D. 1896
[Seal.] o CHARLES F. CURRY «'l rtInteresting Report of Important Up-to-Date News Items in Alameda County
FATE OF THREE FRIENDS.
Were All Killed While Coupling
Cars for the Southern
Pacific.
BRAKEMEN TO CONDUCTORS.
Were Taken on During the Strike and
All Met Death Within Eight
Months.
Oakland Office Sax Fxakcisop Caul.)
908 Broadway. .lan. 11. j
The last of three friends "who went to
work for the Southern Pacific when the
strike was ,:• lared was killed in the yards
this week. Bixteen yeare ago William
Aikcn, Frank Pation ami William H.
Gardner entered the service of tne com
pany as brakemen.
By : and attention to duty
worked themselves up and became
conductors in the passen
a. ;en worked continuously
: ' my until he was dis
ed two years ago. Patton was dis
charg< . times, but his superior
ability always came to bis aid and caused
Mattatement "Billy" Gardner was
a first-class railroad man, but he did not
bold on so long as the other two, lie left
mploy Of the railroad and went to
aJ America. There he i
■■ Plantation, which after a
ie fuia for a large sum and tuen
he returned to California. He had too
. money, however, and be a^odated
S • i Foster of Nrj.r.im' Qar-
Eame and together tin "Tb«
lilly," on Kearny street, San Fran
:;i connection with tbe Bella LTnion
er. Gardner eviJentlj knew inure
."■>. in. us,' than of the theatrical busi
ture i enni-
;ain Gardner went to work for
brakeman, but
was discharged some time before the
of June, 18
At the time of th<> strike the three
frieiii. iad Aiken — were
around ulroad
- a- Bwitchmeu.
Their valuable to the
c- mpa _ the Btrike, and they fully
• irded by being rein
t. tor each
thin the pii^t eitrht
■
The first was Wiliiam Aiken, whose foot
became fast in a frog while coiii>!inic cars
in "West End, Alameda; the second was
Frank Patton, killed at the I'cralta yards,
and lastly. AVilliam Gardner caught his
foot iii a frog at the Peraita yards in West
Oakland last Monday and was kilied.
Pythian Installation.
OAKLAND, «Ai... Jan. 11.— Oakland ]
Lod-e No. 103, K. of 1 ., held a public in- j
stallation of officers last evening." A ban
quet and reception were also given to the
wives and friends of members, and the af
fair was a very pleasant one. The opening
address was made by Chairman Ferns.
The following otnVers were installed: G.
C, Herbert spencer: V. C, F. L. Galindo;
prelate, Manny Cobn; M. at A., S. Conn:
S£ of E., John* Ferguson"; M. of P., E. J.
Murpliv; K. of 11. and S.. 8. Ferris: M. of
W:. E. "W. Griffin; I. G.. B. Gans; O. (i..
G.M.Lambert. The literary programme ,
was opened by an address by Grand Chan- j
cellor George Samuels, who spoke most in- j
terestingly upon the origin and aims cf
the order, hanaliug his subject in an able
manner. At the conclusion of the pro
gramme a handsome jewel was presented
to Past Chancellor O'Niel for faithful per
formance of duty while in office.
The Walkerley Estate.
OAKLAND. Cat.., Jan. 11.— The bill of
. in the Walkerley ca>e
i the decision of the Supreme Court
a out of court to-day. The bill •
: *cial warrant of law,
and Judge Frick refii.-<- ! to settle it to-day,
as the attorney made no appearance.
There is now nothing to prevent the dis
tribution of the large Walkerloy estate.
Nevr Electric System.
OAKLAND Cal., .Ton. 11.— The direc
tors and otticezs of the Piedmont and
Mountain View Railway Company took a
trip over the road to-day in the new hill
climbing C3r. The grades were easily
ascended, and the machinery worked to
periecuon. The car is supplied with two
motors of 40 horsepower eacn, and both
are applied to the rear wheels when ascend
ing steep grades.
Is Given the Limit.
OAKLAND, Cal., Jan. 11.— George
Kelly of the Sporting Life gang was called
for sentence to-day in the Police Court.
Ju<lk;e Woo : said that he did not think
there were any extenuating circumstances.
Kelly had been in jail a couple of months
and he thought that was the proper place
for person? of nis character. Judge Weed
sentenced Kelly to the limit for battery —
six months in the City Prison.
Acuiv Club Not Suspended.
OAKLAND, Cal., Jan. 11.— A story was
widely circulated to-day that the Acme
Athletic Ciub had been suspended by the
Pacific Athletic Association for non
payment of dues. Captain Van Court
denied this to-night. He says the club has
the receipt of the association for June, 1895,
and that there will be no delinquency till
June, 18K6.
Native Daughters.
OAKLAND, Cal., Jan. 11.— Next Friday
nijlt about fifty ladies will meet at Loriug
Hall and will organize the lirst parlor of
Native Daughters in Oakland. The move
ment was brought to a cjimax by Mrs.
Belle \V. Conrad and she will at once make
all arrangements for securing a charter
from the Grand Lodge.
Policeman Andrews Exonerated.
OAKLAND, Cal., Jan. 11. — An inquest
was held to-. liuht into the death of Thomas
Lamb. He is the ex-oonvict who died irom
the gunshot wound inflicted by Policeman
ws as he wis trying io escape after
kx-ing arrested. The jury returned a verdict
in accordance with the evidence and ex
onerated the police»an from a.il blame.
HISTOKY OF A KAY.
A lambda County Happening Told In
Brief Chapters.
Oakland Office Sax Francisco Call, )
908 Broadway, Jan. 11. j
C. Welierhas transferred 32,750 gallons of
wii:e at Wnrm - rings to the California Wine
growers' Syndicate.
Fled . Bunting was to-day granted a divorco
from J. a. Bunting On the ground oi cruelty.
She is allowed the custody o£ the minor chil
dren.
The suit of J. H. Smith against Alice Poul
eoi), widow ofi"Count" Peter Poulson, has
been stricken from the calendar for lack of
proseciuion.
-The mats-meeting of the A. P. A. councils of
Oakland v.iil bt- addressed by Professor P. E.
DanieJs at Masonic Temple to-morrow alter
noon at 3 o'clock.
The Board oi Health did not meet last nitrht.
I)r». Akeriy and Larkcy were th« o^ily mem
bers on band, and, after waiting half an hour
for their colleagues, they decided to adjourn.
The painters and paper-hangers of Oakland
•rtll hold an open meeting on next Monday
nicht at California Hall. Clay street. All
pftinters and paper-hangers are invited to at
tend.
Seventeen applicants for positions on the
police force are iking the examination at the
City Hall to-day. Secretary Spaulding of the
Board of Works being hi charge of the exami
nation.
There appears to be a man in the vicinity
who is making it his business to float bogus
notes upon merchants in this city and San
■ Francisco. Morris Isaacs of Harris' was caught
on a $22 50 check.
A. K. Percival, a well-known real estate
dealer, who Tins been associated vrlth W. W.
Blow, 1010 Broadway, as salesman, has no
cepted a position with William J. Dingee, JOO
alia 4t>2 iiighth struct.
All men arc invited to hear Dr. Carlos Mar
tv n of Chicago to-morrow ct 3:30 P. m. at the
Y. M. C. A. Association, Twelfth and Ciay
street?. The subject of his address will De "A
Young Man's Scepter." Good singing and a
cordial welcome to all men. '
Miss Mary Lantz, a 17-year-old girl of 020
Fifth street, attempted suicide last night by
taking an ounce of pennyroyal oil. The quick
response of a physician "with a stomach-pump
saved the girl's "life. She has attempted to
take her life before, being of rather a melan
choly disposition.
J. Powell, the saloon-keeper at .Third and
Broadway, who was "stood up" out at Grove
and Thirty-eighth streets a month or so ago by
two men who drove up in a cart, called at the
■morgue to-day and identified Tom Lamb as
one of the two men o did the job. Powell
on that occasion was robbed of $40 and a gold
watch.
Tillie Fromm Abbott was granted a divorce
to-day by Judge Ellsworth from her .husband,
George H. Abbott, who made no contest to his
wile's claim that he had failed to support her
for a year past- In fact he told Juage Ells
worth he did not intend to contribute to her
support in future, whether she secured a di
vorce or not.
A LIFE OF MISFORTUNE.
Child in ;» Blind Home; Husband in San
Quentin; Hit Own Life Ended in
an Asylum.
Oak r and Office Sam Fuancisoo Call,)
908 Broadway, Jan. 11. \
The finding of the will of tne late Ida
Duffy is the last chapter in a life to which
fata seemed to be particularly unkind.
Several years ago Andrew Duffy, her hus
uho is now serving a term in San
Quentin, was a well-known Oakland poli
tician. Among the street-corner set his
word carried weight, and he was a boss
whose friendship was more to be desired
than his enmity.
About ten years ago Duffy met Miss Ida
Lussier, a young lady who had already
contracted an early marriage that had
proved unfortunate, and she had resumed
maiden name. Mi^s Ida's lirst hus
band was a man of means named Meyer?,
but before she was long a wife her husband
died. When Ida met Andy Duffy she still
bad Borne money left, and the pair opened
the Palace cipar-store on Seventh street.
Here Mrs. Duffy attended to the business
and her husband did politics.
After the birth of a blind son Mrs. Duffy
and her husband went to Tracy, and Mrs.
Duffy went insane and was sent to Ag
news. .Some time later ?he was pronounced
cured and went to live at Stockton. All
went well fora while until a man came
- their path and aroused the jealousy
of Jhiffy by his marked attentions to his
wife. On one occasion there was a quarrel
between the two men, and Duffy in a lit of
jealousy killed the man who was pursuing
his wife. For this crime lie was sent to
the penitentiary fora long term. His wife's
insanity returned and she was again sent
to Agnews, where she recently dfed. The
boy is now at the Berkeley Blind Asylum.
Thousands of Oaklanders remember the ex
citable Duffy and the really beautiful
young woman whom he married and who
ran the Seventh-Street ciirur-stand.
FEATHERS ON EXHIBITION.
Oakland's First Poultry and
Pigeon Show to Open
Next Thursday.
Pigeon Races and Incubator Displays
Among the Attractions— Many
Valuable Prizes.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,)
908 Broadway, Jan. 11. J
The Pacific Poultry and Pigeon Associa
tion will hold its first show in Oakland,
opening next Thursday, and for a week
the tabernacle that was originally built for
the Mills revival meetings will rever
berate with cacklers and crowers.
Land and water fowl will be on exhibi-
G. W. Davis, Secretary of the Oakland
Exhibition of the Pacific Poultry and
Pigeon Association.
[From a pttf)lograi>h.]
tion and the big barn will be a lively and
a noisy scene, as it is estimated that over
2000 thoroughbred feathered beauties will
be on exhibition. All kinds of incubators,
with eggs and chickens in all stages of de
velopment, will be on show, and a race for
homers will be held between Oakland and
Mary grille.
J. K. Felch of Xatick, Mass., is one of
the judges and he is now en route. Mr.
Felch is 70 years of age and has been a
poultry fancier all his life. His name is
inseparably connected with the develop
ment of Plymouth Rocks.
The American liuff Leghorn Club has
offered two cups valued at $50 each for the
best exhibit of buff Leghorns. A special
cu;> is offered for the best buff Leghorn
cockerel. There will be a silver medal for
the best black Minorca cockerel. There
will be a gold medal for each breeding hen
for first prize and silver medals for sec
onds; these are donated by the Pacific
Poultry and Pigeon Association. Santa
Rosa will give a silver cup for the best fif
teen blue Andalusians. The America
Minorca Association has offered $105 in
cosh for best special in bJack or white
Minorcas.
Craigie Sharpe, who bandied the recent
exposition, is in charge of the poultry
show, and he is confident of Laving an ex
hibition superior to the one recently held
in Ran Francisco. E. W. Davis, secretary
of the association, made arrangements to
day for v fine a'tenaanee of school chil
dren next Saturday afternoon. Many
piuoos are already bidding for next year's
show, among them being Los Angeles,
which offers a bonus of $1000, and Stock
ton, with an offer of $500. There are many
bird-fanciers in Alameda County, and the
interest already shown and the large num
ber of entries guarantee a successful show.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 12, 1896.
A QUORUM IS BLOCKED
Alameda County Republicans'
Oid Guard Keep Their Man
in Office.
REORGANIZERS AEE DEFEATED.
Although Evans Controls the Com
mittee He Cannot Get Elected
Chairman.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,)
908 Broadway, Jan. 11. )
The Republican County Committee did
not meet this afternoon. The reorganizes
were outgeneraled by the old guard, and,
although J. W. Evans was sure of seven
votes out of thirteen, be was not elected
chairman, owing to there being no quorum.
For over a year an effort has been made
to oust Charles Mautalen from the chair
manship, but no success has been met
with. Mr. Maotalen is not anxious to be,
displaced, although he has two-thirds of
the committee against him. This after
noon, in accordance with a promise made
two months apo, Mautalen called a meet
ing of tho committee for this afternoon,
"in accordance with an understanding at
the last meeting."
At 2 o'clock the sidewalk outside of
Justice Allen's courtroom was covered v/itb.
J. W. Evans, Who Controls the Alaracda
County Republican Committee, Yet
Cannot Get Elected Chairman.
[From a photograph.]
politicians, and although at one time there
were ten members of the committee to be
seen, when the roll was calied it was evi
dent that a job had been put up to defeat
the reorganizers, as only seven answered
to their names. The other thiee had van
ished and could not be found.
The present county committee is com
posed as follows: Alameda, P. J. Fletter;
Brooklyn, J. H. W. liiley; Eden* B. ' .
Ha we s : Murray. Y. E. Bernal ; Oakland,
.7. W. striker; Washington, W. li. Ford;
First Ward, Phil M. Walsh; Second Ward,
J. Mitchell: Third Ward. A. L. McPhfcx
s.m: Fourth "Ward, R. \Y. Church: Fifth
Ward, B. F. Armstrong: Sixth Ward,
Charles Mautaien; Seventh AVard, J. W.
Evans.
When the roll was called Fletter, Hawes,
Mitchell, McPherson, Armstrong, Mauta
len and Evans were present. Messrs.
Walsh, Denial and Striker had been seen
previously, and the other members were
not in town.
Chairman Mautalen announced that
there was no quorum present, as the rules
recently adopted require eight members to
transact busine«s. Several members
claimed that a majority was sufficient, but
the chairman said that a special rule took
precedence over general rules. This was
questioned, and the secretary read from
the book rule 8. It stated cleiirly that not
le?s than eight members should form a
quorum, and so a few minutes were al
lowed to elapse in hope that the eighth man
miaht come in ; but the plans had been too
carefully laid. Church "was sick and In
bed, Riley was busy at the courthouse. Ford
missed the train "from Niles, and Walsh,
bernal and Striker forgot about the meet
ing at the last minute and did not recover
their memories till Chairman Mautalen
had declared the meeting adjourned sine
die.
The county committee is in a position
now that is not at nil uncommon in Ala
meda County politics. Chairman Mim
talen has not sutlicient votes to re-elect
him chairman if a full board were present,
but he hns just enough to prevent a quo
rum from getting together aud ousting
him. J. W. Evans controls enough votes
to elect him, but not enough to form a
quorum. How long the deadlock may
continue not a politician on the street can
be induced to Bay. One vote will change
the whole situation, but even then the
blocking of a quorum will prevent reor
ganization. .
TWO SERMONS ON CLUBS
Revs. Morgan and Bovard to
Expatiate on Alameda
" Man Traps."
What the Alameda Divines Will
Preach About To-Day.
Notes.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Jan. 11.— Two of the
Alameda church services are likely to be
well attended to-morrow evening. At the
First Christian Church Rev. Henry Victor
Morgan will take up the subject dwelt upon
last Sunday by Rev. Dr. Bovard of the
i'ark-street Methodist Church, wherein he
denounced the clubs of Alameda as "man
traps." Rev. Mr. Morgan's congregation
[ holds its services every Sunday in rooms
adjoining those occupied by Alameda's
only club. He is expected to have some
thing to say in defense of this club, and to
see something good in the general club
idea — at least, not to condemn it abso
lutely as being corrupting and demoraliz
ing. His subject is announced to be,
"What the Churches Might Learn from
the Clubs." Rev. Dr. Bovard stirred up
so much controversy by his prelude of last
Sunday that ho will have another this
evening en the same subject, entitled
"Man Traps Explained."
What They Will Preach About.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Jan. 11.— Per. C. W.
Wendte of Oakland will exchange pulpits
to-morrow with Rev. G. R. Dodson
of the First Un'tarian Church. Rev.
F. S. Brush of the First Presby
terian Church will take for his even
ing subject, "Social Purity, Gluttony and
Intemperance." Rev. W. T Jordan of the
First Baptist Church will preach in the
morning on "The Old Church and the
New.' In the evening there will be evan
gelistic services. Rev. Henry Victor Mor
gan of the First Christian Church will
take for a moruing theme, "Concerning
Christ and His Church," and for the even
ing, "What the Chnrches Might Learn
From the Clubs. '\ Key. F. I). Bovard of
the Park-street MoXhodist Church will
take for his morning subject. ''Tne
Christian's Strength"; for the evening,
"Charity," with a prelude, "Man Traps Ex
plained. Dr. A. Calhoun of the United
Presbyterian Church will preach in the
morning on "Gou's Care of Children"; in
the evenin - on "Moral Principle Mani
fested in Little Things." Rev. W. W,
Seudder of the First Congregational
Church will take for a morning subject.
"Our Savior's Intercession tor His Follow
ers" ; evening subject, "The Indwelling
Christ."
New Musical Club.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Jan. 11.— The Entre
Nous Musical Club, a new organization,
held its first rehearsal Friday night at the
residence of 0. H. McCurrie on Clinton
avenue. The clud is composed of a num
ber of voting instrumentalists who desire
to study string quartets, quintets, etc.,
under competent leadership. The mem
bers are: Violins — Misa Alma Bevelling,
Miss Trodden. Miss Turubull, Miss Eileen
McCurrie, Messrs. Linderrnan and Hunter;
viola, Miss Belle McCurrie; 'cello, Otto
Kaehler.
Brief JSotcs of Interest.
Alameda business men have been put on
their guard again for tbe forged check
swindler who is at work elsewhere in the
county.
At 'the Unitarian Church to-duy Mrs.
Clark will sing "Not a Sparrow Falleih,"
and Mrs. McCormick will sing "Eye Ji ith
Not Seen,'" an aria from "The Hoi; Cit} ."
Mrs. Clark will make her first appearance
in public singing in Aiameda on this oc
casion.
.Mrs. R. 11. Collier and Miss Collier of
Chestnut street are expected home this
week from a six months' tour of and visit
in the East.
MADDENED BY JEALOUSY.
B. L. Hill, a Brakeman, Shoots
His Wife and Gives
Himself Up.
The Murderer Calmly Teils His Story
Behind the Bars Between the
Puffs of a Cigarette.
Oakla.mi Office San Fbancibco Cat.t.,)
9US Broadway, f
B. L. Hill, a brukeman, shot his wife at
Thirteenth and Kirkham streets, to-night.
Tin 1 murder was instigated by jealousy.
Hill returned from Portland this morn
ing on the State of California, and took up
his quarters at the International Hotel in
Ban Francisco. He came to Oakland and
saw his wife and learned from her that
their two-year-old buy was with a family
in East Oakland. Hill visited the boy and
returned to San Francisco. He came back
to OaKiund to-night, waited on the street
for his wife to come out, walked half a
block with her, and on the corner of Thir
teenth and Kirkham streets, fired three
shots into her head.
After the shooting Hill walked toward
the neighboring carhouse and gave him
self up to two men who came out when
they beard the shots.
"That's what I've done," he said, point
ing to his dead wife.
The murderer was taken to the city prison
and was as calm and deliberate as a man
could be. Within an hour of the murder
ho told the following story to a Call re
porter between the puffs of a cigarette
with as much sang froid as is attributed to
the most hardened murderer. -'•';);}-
"This thing has been going on ior some
time," said Hill, "and I have been very
quiet about it. Not long afier we married
trouble began and there has been more or
less vi it during the lour years since we
wore married in Suisun. Ido not wish to
cast :iny reflections on my wife and conse
quently I cannot say much at this time.
1 kept a saloon for four years at Suisun
and they were far from happy.
"Last March I moved to Oakland and
we went to housekeeping on Vi'illow street.
I was employed by the Southern Pacific as
a brakeman, but on account of my wife's
behavior 1 made up my mind that we
could not live together, and last Novem
ber I went to Oregon.
"I threw up my job and went north
solely because my Wife was not behaving
herself. She did not drink, but she kept
too much company. We wrote to each
other and about a week ago I received a
letter tlmt induced me to relurn. She said
that all would he well if 1 came back, and
that she would see that I should have
nothing to repent of if I came back.
"I arrived this morning and called on
her. She had given up housekeeping and
was living with a Mrs. Thomuson, at
Eleventh and Kirkbam streets. I was not
pleased with what I discovered, and after
going out to Eart Oakland to see our two
vear-old boy I returned to San Francisco.
To-night I came over here and went to
Mrs. Thompson's house. I did not call on
my wife, but waited on the sidewalk till
?he came out. Then I walked with her to
the corner, where she was to take an
electric car.
"We had some words and when we got
to the coiner I did it. I think 1 fired
threo times. There was no scuffle and she
made no effort to defend herself. I heard
something wh ich if any man had heard
would have made him do tbe same tiling.
I will not say now who has caused all this,
but there was Bomebody taking my place
and that is all there is to it. \l made no
effort to get away as I might have done,
for there was no one near. I gave myself
up and can put up with the consequences. "
Hill told his story very deliberately and
seemed totally unconscious of the enor
mity of his crime. When he was linished
he asked the jailer for something to read
and was siven a volume of "Mary, Queen
of Scots. 1 ' 1
The murder was carried out so suddenly
and so deliberately that not a minute
elapsed between the firing of the first shot
unil the arrest of the murderer. The pistol
was held close to his wife's head, as the
hammer dragged °'- l t some tufts of hair as
it fell, which wereonthe pistol when it was
taken from Hill at the prison. Two of the
sliots are just above the right ear and one
through me left cheek.
The victim was woman about 25 years
old, a pronounced blonde of rather
heavy figure and tall. Ilefore her marriage
to Hill in Suisun she was a Miss Nelson.
So far as known nothing can be related
against her character.
The murderer came hero from Wisconsin
in 1890 to play in the Oakland baseball
team. He ninde a good record in the sea
son of 1890, and after that went to Buisun,
where he conducted a saioon. He is a
big, heavy built man, with a large red
face that appears to be devoid of gentle
ness or refinement.
The Yellowstone Saloon.
James T. Murphy and F. Smalley have filed
an answer in the suit of John H. Wise, Col
lector of the Port, to recover on & note given
for a half interest in the Yellowstone saloon,
at 22 Montgomery street.
In their answer they say that John H. Wise
and Hut rv E. Wise told them the saloon was
worth $'20,000; that it took in SiiOO a day and
the expenses were $35 a day. They say these
figures are all wrong anil that as a matter of
fact tho saloon is not wortn $10,000.
Advanced Kates Via Fnuanaa,
It has been decided by tho Pacific Mail
Steamship Company to put its advanced rates
on eatit bound freight into effect beginning
with the steamer that leaves here ou the '28 th
ttUKt
The western wing of the Massachusetts
State House, in Boston, has been declared
unsafe and must be rebuilt.
A FRAUD ON THE CHURCH
Archbishop Riordaa Denounces
the San Leandro Found
ling Home.
WILL ADOPT EIGHTEEN BABES
Rev. Father McSweeney Empowered by
the Children's Society to Take
Them From the Home.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,)
WS Broadway. Jan. 11. j
In an isolated part of the county, lying
between the town of San Leandro and the
bay, is a little four-room cottage. Very
few people, even in the neighboring town,
know of its existence, yet eighteen hapless
babes have been confided to the care of the
two women who manage the place, under
the delusion that they are Sisters of
Mercy, and that the cottage is a branch of
a Catholic institution.
Tales of cruelty, neglect, and starvation
have occasionally been told by the found
lings and others, but only three days ago
was sufficient evidence produced to war
rant Mrs. Prescott to officially investigate
the place and declare that it was not a
healthy or proper place for the inmates.
The case was reported to Mrs. Prescott
last Friday by the parents of two boys
5 and 7 years of age, who, by the instiga
tion of a Catholic relative, had been tem
porarily boarded in the home. It was
done solely upon the representation that
for the sum of $8 the children would be
boarded and carefully tended in a branch
of the Girls' Directory located on a farm
iu>ar San Leandro, where they would enjoy
the fret'dom of the country under the
motherly care of the Sisters of Mt-rcy. The
larmhouse proved to be a squatty, one
story cottage of four medium-sized rooms,
carpetles.s and bare in appearance.
In a darkened room were the beds that
eighteen babies slept in, anything but
clean and the odor was extremely sick
ening.
The mattresses were bags made of calico
lit led. wii.'i straw and the pillows the same.
A sitting-room, carpetless and cheerless,
was directly ODpoaite the dormitory, bacK
o_i which came the kitchen, wherein the
eighteen babes were seated in little wooden
chairs eating dry broad.
A ferocious bulldog in a kennel at the
back door growled and snarled most dan
gerously at Mrs. Prescott and her com
panions who were refused admission very
emphatically. Only by asserting her
rights us an officer of the law did sheman
age tv get outside the reception-room.
This week it 16 now arranged that the
cluldien will be pat under better and per
manent care for their future welfare.
The Rev. Father McSweeney, pastor of
the Francis de Haies Church, was ieen
this afternoon in regard to the alleged
Catholic institution at West San Leandro,
known as a branch of the Girls' Directory
located hi San Francisco.
lie f-aid: "I did not know that such an
institution existed until recently. When
I heard it I was ac a meeting in Berkeley,
ut which Archbishop lliordan was present,
I and it gave the excellent opportunity of dis
-1 cuseing the mutter, which is one of the
worst of frauds perpetrated on the Catholic
church. The institution has no connection
in any way with the Catholic church, and
the quicker the affair is investigated and
; the wider publicity it geta the better it will
| be, for of all frauds a religious fraud is the
1 most dangerous.
"The first we ever heard of this organi
-1 zatiou was between three and four years
[ ago, when we were informed that a band
I of four or rive women had met somewhere
I in the Western Addition in San Francisco
• without any authorization from any reli-
I gious sect and constituted themselves into
what, if my memory serves me right, as
the "Sisters of St. Francis" or Sisters of
Mercy. They donned the regulation uni
| form of the sisters of the Catholic church,
' but very little has ever been heard of
them. Every priest in the State has de
; nounced the body from his pulpit and
warned his people against them. Conse
quently it is no wonder that a building so
ittr away from everybody should have
: been selected and that the visitors who
! Bought to investigate the charges pre
ferred should have had so much difficulty
in finding the place.
"From the conversation I have had with
j those who went through the instiiution I
am perfectly satisfied that those eighteen
little waifs are in a terribly neglected and
suffering condition. Most of them, if not
J all, have been placed there under the be
i lief of their parents or guardians that they
: were in care of genuine Sisters of Mercy
under the auspices of the Catholic church.
Wnen the matter has be;Mi explained to
I the public in order to inform the friends
I of these little ones of their suffering and
! neglected condition and they fail to come
i forward, if authorized by Mrs. Prescott, i
| secretary of the Alameda County branch
;of the Society for the Prevention cf ■
Cruelty to Children, I will upon two min
utes' notice take tiie entire lot of eighteen
children.
"L will place them in one of our homes,
where they will be properly and kindly
cared for without any money considera
tion, only to see those suffering, diseased
little waifs made comfortable and happy.
"Archbishop Riorrian, who is greatly
wrought up over this affair, has notiiieii
all the priests to give publicity to the San
Leandro affair from their various pulpit 3
to-morrow morning, and I hope this will
be the means of breaking up the fraud
that is. being perpetrated upon the Catho
lic church.
"I am well pleased with the proposition I
made by Father McSweeney," said Mrs.
Prescott, "and in my official position will
empower him •to take charge of the
neglected children, whose present condi
tion would warrant me in considering
them wards of our society. When I visited,
the Children's Home at San Leandro there
were many indications that were strangely
out of keeping with any other Protestant
or Catholic institution I ever had visited,
and 1 determined to communicate with
our officers at the Sun Francisco head- I
quarters and request thai the directors of
the Girls' Directory remedy the great
number of wrongs seen during my visit.
"I fully believe that moat of the little
ones in "the institution have been sent
there under the impression that it was a
Catholic home, and Ido not propose to bo j
a party to a deception, and will do all in {
my power to aid. Father McSweeney in
placing the little ones where they will re
ceive the right kind of care and nourish
ment. \, ■
"If necessary an officer of the society can
accompany Father McSweeney whenever !
he wishes to take charge of the "little waifs, I
whose distressed condition is pitiful to be- '
hold." ■ ■ ;■■■- --■■ - j
A STATEMENT DENIED.
Cajiliiin I.cps Say* No One Has Sailed
for Japan After Dean.
The statement iii the Examiner yester
day that Assistant Toller Desmond of the
Bank of Nevada and Wiley G. Lytle, the
boy who was employed by the forcer, A.
H. Dean, to attend to his office, had left
for Japan on the freight steamer Afridi on
Friday morning in search of Dean was
denied yesterday by Captain Lees.
The boy was in Captain Lees' office on
Friday night and Assistant Teller Des
mond was at his desk in the bank yes
terday.
The captain has as vet obtained no in
formation about the elusive forger.
NEW TO-DAY— AUCTION SALES.
■
i \J ILJ F%^ ftRS^Sr
 ON THIS ' ''''.'fiwSk
AND REMEMBER {818
1 THAT ON
THURSDAY, JANUARY 23, 1896,
CALL AT OUR OFFICE AND YOU WILL SEB - -.
THE BIGGEST
OF CHOICE
REAL ESTATE
a Jn*%L I a 7j! Jr\ £ B
\ :: ■
IT HAS EVER BEEN YOUR GOOD FORTUNE TO WITNESS*
WE ARE GOING. TO SELL BY ORDER OF THE
PACIFIC IMPROVEMENT COMPANY
IN SUBDIVISIONS:
280 feet Market-street frontage, near Twelfth. '
150 feet Valencia-street frontage, near Hermann.
250 feet Mission-street frontage, near Twelfth.
150 feet Twelfth-street frontage, near Market.
1000 feet on adjacent streets.
LOT 140x295 SW. CORNER FIFTEENTH AND VALENCIA,
In large and small subdivisions.
All of the above property is producing a ground rental. No long leases. Rents low. Can
be increased.
Lot 48x90, N\V. corner Seventeenth and Castro sts.,
And five lots, each 27:6x85, N. side Waller, E. of Stanyan.
tc r> a 2S PE R NT cash,
B tl|</Vi^ 25 PER CENT CASH,
* *-'»VM*»~' BALANCE 1. 2 AND 3 YEARS.
BALDWIN & HAfiflOND,
AUCTIONEERS - 10 MONTGOfIERY STREET.
I At Auction
TUESDAY.
TUESDAY JANUARY 31, 1896
At 12 o'clock Nooji
At 638 Market Street, Opp. Palace Hotel.
A GRAND PIECE OF BUSINESS
PROPERTY.
North Line of Golden Gate Avenue,
137:6 Feet West of Leaven worth St, •
This large piece of splendid business property is
on the north line of Golden Gate avenue, 137:6
feet west of Leavenworth street, only r.wo blocks
irom Market street and one block from the City
Hall, Hibemia Ravines Bank and the Murphy
building. Improvements, four residences. This is
a magnificent piece of property to improve with a
building for public or society halls, or modern
French flats with stores below. Improvements of
BU«u character would pay largely on the invest-
ment. Car accommodation in every direction.
Golden Gate avenue bitumlnized. Large lot, 60:6
xl37:tt feet, with large 1, in the rear, 22x54:6 feet.
For diagram of the property see catalogue.
Terms: Cash in the gold coin of the United
States: 10 per cent at time of sale to the referee;
balance on confirmation of sale by the Superior
Court. Deed at purchaser's expense. Second in-
stallment of taxes tor fiscal year 1895 and 1896 to
be paid by the buyer. Kent* to be adjusted be-
tween buyer and seller when the deed is passed.
EASTON, ELDKIDGE & CO.,
638 Market street. Auctioneers.
"^^ =s^^^ Quickly, Thoroughly,
,^^«^"9 Forever Cured.
a J§4*"N. vi Fonr out of five who
$ *-^\Clfc \ n suffer nervousness,
f M Y,/,Pu vi 'I men^ wori Ti attacks
I U eX^^M aof "tbeblueB,"arel)Ut
ik (IjS^^aV Jl paying the penalty of
\^*tsXij&i*4iJs}i&jP early excesses. Vie-
-^P tims, reclaim your
aiS **^ manhood, regain your
vigor. Don't despair. Send for book with
explanation and proofs. Mailed (sealed) free.
ERIE -MEDICAL GO., Buffalo, H.V.
' : 48UINYSI '.'.-■■
TSTHEVKKY BEST ONE TO EXAMINE YOUR
-I eyes and lit them to Spectacles or Eyeglasses
with instruments of his own invention, whosa
superiority has cot been equaled. My auoceu iiu
been due to the merits of my work.
Cilice Hours— ll3 to i i l . it.
I SJ^^ipS : MANHOOD RESTORED ---.-"
t^^&^irip^W *-*. J ivmiliiyWEJ lltV I wllEß&lViUllzer.tlieprescrip.
Tv <^" s*x £fcs3 «<v-. G? tiouoi a famous breach physician, will quickly cure you of all aer-
» \\\ -Ct \ I \ f '. \\ I OUB or <"3*«3es of the generative organ*, such as Lest Manhood,
£•* T «3%/ >v <e«NsJ laaomnla,PaliJ6 In the Back, Seminal Emissions, Nervous Debility,
?4 Iff* 1 ! A *®^ Pimples, Unfltness to Marry, ExhausUng Drains, Varicocele and
tit, V / %• &&AA Constipation. It steps all losses by day or night. Prevents quick-
it sr*M> \ ifßV&r "'SBples, T-'nfltn«s9 to Marry, Exhausting Drains, Varlcocele ana
Ny^ f V^ -/ Conatipation. It Btf ps u!l losses by day or ntffht. Prevents quick*
ft DC-.-r-iof discharge, which if not checked leads to Spprmatorrhcpa and
S BEFORE and AFTFP all the horrors of Impotency. CUFII>ESf}E cieauacaUje liver, &a
i -TJ-X-lT kidneys and the urinary organs of all impuritiua.
■"■ . JPIIiE E strengthens and restores small weak organs.
The reason sufferers are not cured by Doctors is because ninety per cent are troubled witfc
Prostatitf ■. CDPIDKNE is the only known remedy to cure without an operation. 5000 testimony
mis. A written guarantee given and money returned if six boxes does not effect a permanent cant
«I.ooa box, forss.oo, by mall. Send forntEE circular and testimonials.
Address DATOL MEDICINE CO., 632 Market street, San Francisco, Cal. For Sale by
BilOOKb' iK ABM AC V, 119 Powell »tre«t
AUCTION!
, THURSDAY,
THURSDAY JANUARY 16, 1896,
AT 12 M., BY
YON RHEIN & CO,,
jE±.± Salesroom,
513 CALIFORNIA ST.,
We Will Sell by Order of
HON. ADOLPH SUTRO,
MAYOR OF SAN FRANCISCO,
That portion of Mi as on block 48 bounded by lßth,
16th, Harrison and Folsom. belonging to the City,
fronting about 63 feeron 16th and 123 feet on Har-
rison; depths irregular; diagrams at our ofllce: 10
per cent of purchase price to be paid to the auc-
tioneer: remainder on acceptance of bid by Mayor
Sutro, who reserves the right to reject any and all
bids.
UNDER PRIVATE ORDERS.
Brannan and Bluxome Street Lota.
100x120— S. line of Brannan St., 200 feet W. of
4th: also - ■
60x120— N. line of Bluxome St., 230 W. of 4th.
To be sold as a whole or in lots.
Renta 8184 ; FoUum, Shotwell and 17th,
245x140— a whole or in Entire N. front
of 17th, bet. Kolsom and Shotwell, fronting 140 on,
1 Folsom and Shotwell, with funk factory leased at
I *140 to September, 1897, and 4 cottages on Fol-
som st. -; ~ A j
■ • • • -.V.,v:.-: ;
Cor. Stockton and Clay; Rent SlB7.
69:8x63:9— 5E. cor. Clay and Stockton sts.
65:10x63:9— line of Stockton; 81:8 S. of
Clay; the whole covered by Chinese stores and
dwellings, paying at greatly reduced rents $187
per month.
Page, near Market ; Rents 576.
27:6x120-117-119 Page and 126-126^ Bos*
aye., W. of Gough; IVi blocks from Market: mod-
ern improvements; rents reduced from 120.
Sacramento-St. Cor. Cheap; Rent 816.
30x46—929 Sacramento: SW. cor. of Prospect
place, above Stockton; both streets accepted.
Natoma, bet. 3d and Now Montgomery.
20x70— 140 Natoma; front and rear house; rent
80 ; sure to increase in value. 1
SE. Cor. California and 21st Are.
57:6x100 — A fine corner; superb marine view;
equally desirable location for business or dwell-
ings. ■ .:--:i-,--*-'vi.*-
-22d, Residence, Near Guerrero.
25x114—741 22d; 7 rooms and bath; 'the house
Is in need of repairs but with a moderate outlay
can be made to rent for $30.
: .; 17th, near Howard; Rent 849.
25x100—214 17t:i, bet. Howard and Capp: rents
949; laundry pays $35 and has lease.
Noe and Henry Street Lot.
1:5x80 each— 2 lots E. line of Noe. running 25
feet S. of Henry; 1 block from Market.
25x75— 5. line of Henry, 80 feet E. ofNoe; 1
block from Market.
WE V & CO.^*?gV
K ■■^PATENTSI- a)
MARKET SXS.F.^SSk^
1314
DR. BROWN WILL
PREACH TO-DAY.
His Victory Over Mrs.
Davidson Gives Him
Courage.
MUST STAND TRIAL.
Prominent Church Members Will
Demand an Investigation
at Once.
MRS. DAVIDSON GOES TO JAIL.
Still in a Cheerful Frame of Mind— Mrs.
Tunnell and the Overman
Letters.
According to his statement last night
Dr. Brown will occupy the pulpit of the
First Congregational Church to-day.
His temporary victory over Mrs. David
eon has given him renewed courage, and
on this Sabbath morning he will rise
triumphantly over the prostrate form of
hia accuser. Tl>e doctor feels that his
honor in a great measure has been
retrieved and his character vindicated.
The deacons, who conmose the governing
power of the church, are still with him.
This fact is very encouraging to him. It
inspires him to hold his head up, look his
congregation square in the face and pro
claim his innocence to the world.
In the meanwhile there is a strong un
dertow of feeling against him. This feel
ing has spread very rapidly since the com-
itment of Mrs. Davidson. Talk of an in
vestigation is now heard for the first time.
It is pointed and convincing and shows
ttiat the people are earnest in the matter.
It [a claimed that the interests of the
church demand an investigation, and at
once.
"If the church does not investigate Dr.
Brown, Dr. Brown should demand an in
vestigation," said W. J. Dutton, trustee
of the First Congregational Church, yes
terday.
"The interests of the church and public
opinion demand that an investigation
Bhould be held," declared Dr. Jonathan
T. McDonald.
Mrs. Sarah B. Cooper and other promi
nent members of the First Congregational
Church have already gone on record as
favoring an investigation, even demand
ing the resignation of the pastor.
Anyway, Dr. Brown will preach to-day.
While he is exhorting his hearers to follow
in the footprints of the Savior the gray
haired old lady who so readily accepted
his shekels will be communing in a lonely
cell at the big white building out on the
San Bruno road.
AT THE BRANCH JAIL.
Mrs. Davidson Removed From the
City Prison— Talks of Mrs.
Tunnell. •
Mrs. Davidson has apartments at the
branch County Jail.
Her departure from the City Prison at
noon yesterday was without display. She
rode out in th« prison van. There were
other prisoners in the somber-covered
vehicle with her. She paid no heed to
them, but, clasping her Bible and her
handbag tightly, she calmly looked into
apace and graciously submitted to the
inevi table.
Mrs. Davidson was indeed herself.
In many respects she is a remarkable
woman. She is much more cheerful in
her lonely prison cell in her failure to
establish her innocence than Dr. Brown is
in his temporary vindication. She smiles
while the pastor frowns; she fattens while
he fails. She is either a martyr to con
ditions or a hypocrite of the first magni
tude; a spotless Christian or a dangerous
swindler. She can act any or all of these
parts with equal proficiency. She is suffi
ciently clever to sing, pray or scheme at
the same time; or, as the poet writes:
**In penance planning sin» anew."
This is Mrs. Davidson, the motherly
appearing old woman, gray, handsome,
eloquent, the woman who either black
mailed Dr. Brown or is the innocent victim
of circumstances, who went to Drison yes
terday with an unyielding faith in the
mercy ana justice of the Lord and a firm
belief in her ultimate acquittal.
Mrs. Davidson, of course, is not con
cerned over the statement of Mrs. Tunnell
telegraphed from Yisalia, and to the effect
that the Overman-Tunnell letters were
forged by her. There is no similarity in
the handwriting of Mrs. Davidson and Mrs.
Tunnell.
"It's absurd for Mrs. Tunnell to cry
'forgery,' " said Attorney Gallagher yes
terday, "and it only weakens her case. Of
course the letters are eenuine. That is
apparent to the dullest brain. How could
Mrs. Davidson forge them? She has been
in jail ever since her arrest, and not having
the slightest idea of being arrested it is
ridiculous to think that she vrrote the let
ters to build up a defense. Anyway, Mrs.
Tunnell virtually admits that Mattie Over
man wrote the letters, as at first glance
she said the handwritine was Matties,
and then when she slept on tne letters all
night and familiarized herself with the
contents she denied their authenticity.
That was her play. She wants to shield
Dr. Brown and Miss Overman."
"My acquaintance with Mrs. Tunnell was
very slight," said Mrs. Davidson yester
day. We met at the Allen meetings. Dr.
Brown Jntroduced us. I also met Miss
Overman at che same time. Mr.«. Tunnell
and Mattie were great-friends. Dr. Brown
said Mrs. Tunnell was a very good woman.
"After the few slight conversations I had
with Mrs. Tunnell at the Allen meetings I
did not see her until her return from Ta
coma. This was in May, and Mrs. Tun
nell went to Tacoma in January or Febru
ary, remaining three months. In May I
met her and we walked a little way "to
gether. I asked Mrs. Tunnell to dine with
me, but she did not. She spoke of Mattie,
f-aying she had been a poor, sick girl.
Afterward, I think it was Admission day,
September 9, Mrs. Tunnell spent a day
with Miss Overman at my roonu.
"Theu Mattie lost sight of her and was
uneasy. But the woman called at my
rooms between December 5 and 10. Mat
tie was at school, and Mrs. Tunnell asked
whether Dr. Brown was paying her regu
larly, and whether he allowed the poor
girl to visit him. I replied that he did
pay regularly, as he had paid the $35 to
Mattie twice and to me three times. I
told her, too, that the girl did visit Dr.
Brown's ollice, but that he objected.
"Thia is all I ever saw of Mrs. Tunnell.
Now as to what 1 said to the woman: Dr.
Browu had sent for me one day and urged
me to keep Martha, as he always called
her, away. He said she had come to the
office the night before and stayed tnere,
crying, very late. I know this was true,
for she had been out late, and though she
had sr>id nothing, I observed that the silk
trimming of her dress was stained with
tears and mussed up.
"Dr. Brown said he feared scandal and
wanted the eirl kept away. I ?poke to her
and she admitted going, saying she had
never been so abused in her life. I urged
her to keep away, and she said she was
hypnotized and could not. At this inter
view Dr. Brown told me he must leave San
Francisco, and would either so to Phila
delphia or Brooklyn. 1 told him I knew
Philadelphia people well, and thought
there were people who would send reports
from here.
"Long after this, though. Dr. Brown
spoke again of going to I'hiladelphia, and
said if he could he would get $7000 a year.
He said he could get one of his rich trus
tees to advance him $2500 and he would
give an order on his salary in return. He
asked me if this Mrs. Badden would take
this $2500 as a final payment and not trouble
him further, and I was to see what could
be done in the matter.
"He talked at the interview I spoke of
first of going to Brooklyn, and I warned
him there was a highroad between here
and there. 'Well.' said he, 'I must go
somewhere, and I think I had better go out
in the midnight hour. I could go to my
son, herd cattle there with him, and be
buried from the world.' I told Dr. Brown
I doubted it. and he said one thing was
certain, and that was he must leave San
Francisco, and must leave it soon."
MUST STAND TRIAL.
Charges Against Dr. Brown Will
Be Investigated by the
Church.
The fact that Dr. Brown will defy public
opinion, as well as the pronounced expres
sions of certain prominent members of
his congregation, and re-enter the pulpit
of the First Congregational Church to-
MRS. DAVIDSON ENTERING THE PRISON VAN PREPARATORY TO SETTING
OUT FOR THE COUNTY JAIL.
[Sketched by a "Call" artist.]
day, has aroused the indienaf.ion of his
old-time opponents, and a church in
vestigation will doubtless be the outcome.
Dr. Brown made many enemies because
of his attacks on Professor Herron, and,
later, in ousting Deacon Strauss from the
church.
These enemies have been silent during
the scandal in the past. But now that Dr.
Brown seems determined to act as their
spiritual guide they are preparing to take
some steps looking to an investigation.
There is a large body in the congrega
tion which asserts that Dr. Brown volun-
tarily made the blackmailing a worldly
matter when he took it to the courts. If
he had laid Mrs. Davidson's attempt at ex
tortion before the officers of his church,
and had demanded advice and counsel
from them instead of paying the money,
the public would have had no concern in
the matter.
But these church members say that it
was Dr. Brown who challenged this fierce
light of publicity, and since it has come
they do not shirk a thorough investiga
tion.
Outside the officers of the church there
is a strong body of church members hold
ing these views. They say they feel tnat
every one in the congregation isaffected by
the slurs cast on the pastor, and that the
only remedy is to wipe away the insinua
tions, or else, if the slurs are proved to be
true, to compel a change in the pastorate.
With these objects in view quiet but de
termined steps are being taken to hold an
investigation. The members of the flock
who ask for a thorough sifting of the
charges against Dr. Brown are making
arrangements to hold a preliminary meet
ing to discuss the best course to be taken.
It is not intended to hold any judicial
court of inquiry or to summon the pastor
to a tribunal. The church members who
want an investigation will consider, in as
Christian and friendly a spirit as possible
to the pastor, how they can be3t get at
the truth of the Overman and Stockton
stories.
The mere fact of this investigation being
planned implies a feeiing which is not one
of entire conlidence in Dr. Brown.
A proof of this feeling was given last
Wednesday at the prayer-meeting held at
the church. It had not been expected that
the pastor would be present, and when it
was discovered that he was, a number of
ladies and one or two gentlemen withdrew
from the meeting.
W. J. Dutton, a trustee of the First Con
gregational Church, said:
"I certainly believe that there should be
an investigation of these charges of mis
conduct against Dr. Brown. If theinvesti
eation is not made Dy the congregation I
think Dr. Brown ov.es it to himself, his
family and tne church to demand it.
"These charges against the pastor are of
a very serious nature. He says he will
come forward at the proper time and ex
plain his position to the satisfaction of all
concerned. I earnestly hope he can.
Until the doctor has been heard I will not
pass upon his guilt or innocence.
"Dr. Brown occupies a high place as
pastor of the First Congregational Church,
and I should be loath to believe him
guilty of all these "harses until his guilt
has been established beyond all doubt be
fore the proper tribunal of the church."
"And in case his guilt is established,
Mr. Dutton?"
"Then the First Congregational Church
will dispense with Dr. Brown's services as
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 12, 1896.
pastor without the slightest hesitation,"
replied Mr. Dutton.
Dr. Jonathan T. McDonald said:
"The officers and members of the First
Congregational Church are somewhat reti
cent about expressing their views. There
are several reasons for their silence.
Probably it is because we feel mortified
over this whole affair and have not for
gotten that only a few months ago there
was a wide breach among the congrega
tion owing to M. Strauss, the artist,
having written a letter criticizing Deacon
I. H. Morse. His only offense was that he
remarked that Morse was aspiring to be
'boss' of the church. For this Strauss was
excommunicated from the church. He
was restored, however, a week later.
"I do not speak authoritatively as I am
not an officer of the church, but it is my
opinion that there will be an investigation
into the charges of alleged unbecoming
conduct against the pastor. I do not see
how it can be avoided, since public opinion
seems to demand it.
"For my part I consider the interests of
the church paramount to the interests of
any individual. We must protect these
interests.
"We cannot afford to pass this unfortu
nate affair over in silence. The people are
looking to the church olßcials to act, and
I presume they will do so at the proper
time."
Rev. John Kimball excused himself
when the reporter called at his home at
132 McAllister street last night. Mr. Kim
ball's views on the question of an investi
gation will be read with much interest by
the tmblic. Therefore the following from
the Examiner of January 8 is reprinted:
The Rev. John Kimball is a prominent mem
ber of the First Congregational Church, and is
also editor of the Congregational organ, The
Pacific. In speaking of the Mattie Overman
letters he said : "1 have read these letters, and
I must Eay that they put a bad light on the
conduct of Dr. Brown. Whether or not an in
vestigation will result I don't know, but if
there is one I believe that it might be best to
place it in the hands of the Bay Conference of
Congregational Churches, which meets next
Monday.
"This conference is composed of clergymen
of our denomination, and it would be proper
for them to investigate any charges involving
the standing of a brother clergyman. Dr
Brown should certainly be glad to have an
opportunity to answer the charges which are
being made against him.
"So far as Mrs. Davidson is concerned, regard
less of Dr. llrown, I believe that she is a person
in whom I cau have little confidence. When
she first came to the church I thought well of
her, and she came to my Bible-class a number
of times until she took a class of her own.
During that lime 1 was favorably impressed
find never saw anything out of the way in her
conduct."
Deacons Pexter, Hatch, Vasconcellosand
Bernard are still championing the cause of
Dr. Brown. Deacon Dexter is a cousin of
Mrs. Brown.
SHE IS A HYPOCRITE.
What Mrs. Thurston Say* of Mrs.
Tunnell and Her Startling 1
Statements.
Mrs. Thurston expressed great surprise
yesterday at Mr*. Tunnell's letter, pub
lished in The Call. "It looks to me like
the work of a hypocrite," she said. "In
this letter Mrs. Tunnel! pretends complete
ignorance of the Overman-Brown episode.
I do not see how she can do that without
great hypocrisy, for she talked the affair
over with me and then she knew all
about it.
"The more I think over Mrs. TnnnelPs
sudden and mysterious ignorance on a
subject that she was once so well posted
upon, the more I become convinced that it
has been made worth her while to know
nothing of Dr. Brown's relations with Mat
tie Overman.
"Any one who has talked the thing over
with Mrs. Tunnell as I have would have
no difficulty in reading the hypocrisy be
tween the lines of that letter. She
spoke the truth in her first interview with
a Call reporter when she was taken una
wares. After she had had a night to
think it over and reflected which way her
interest lay, Mrs. Tunnell decided that
the letters were forgeries. It took a long
time for her to makn up her mind, and
her letter bears the impress of hypocrisy."
J. Knudson, whom Mrs. Tunnell stig
matized in her letter as "another wolf in
sheep's clothing," had a very simple rea
son to offer yesterday for that lady's
animosity.
"I refused to ketD Mrs. Tunnell at the
restaurant, 1917 Mission street," he said.
"She interfered with my work, and I had
to get rid of her. I suppose spite for her
dismissal induced her to hint that she
could have put me behind the bars with
Mrs. Davidson. The threat is made out of
whole cloth."
Mrs. Dray, the landlady at 1041 Mission
street, now claims that Mrs. Tunnell never
brought any clothes to her house. Taken
in conjunction with her former anxiety at
Mrs. Tunnell not sending for a change of
clothes after her disappearance, this sud
den change of mind is held to be signifi
cant. It will be remembered that in a
statement published last Thursday week
Mrs. Dray expressedalarm that Mrs. Tun
nell had not sent for a change of gar
ments.
In her first interview with a Call re
porter, when Mrs. Tiinnell was informed
of the publication of Mattie Overman's
letters, she exclaimed "my trunk
must have been broken open." Mrs.
Dray now asserts, however, that not only
no trunk, but no clothes were left at her
house.
WINCHESTERS
AND BULLETS
Shooting Down the Tele
graph Wires to the
Poolrooms.
GAMBLERS ARE ROUTED.
They Strung Miles of Telegraph
Line During Friday-
Night.
SHADOWED BY DETECTIVES.
They Propose Having a Captive Bal
loon to Get News From the
Ingleside Track.
The threatening bark of the Winchester
rifle entered materially yesterday into the
controversy which has been going along
for the past few weeks between the Pacific
Coast Jockey Club Association and the
downtown poolroom keepers,
Nobody was killed, but this fortunate
result was dependent only on the fact that
the gamblers were unprepared for the at
tack made on their stronghold whence
they wired the news of the Ingleside track
races into the City.
When the Jockey Club's meeting began
last Thursday, and the gamblers were not
permitted to use either the telephone or
telegraph wires at the tract so as to get
their odds, entries, jockeys, weights and
results, they devised many means to cir
cumvent the prohibition. Principally they
employed boys on bicycles to race from
the track to the nearest telephone stations
with the desired information, which was
immediately sent over the wires to the
downtown rooms. The service was imper
fect, but still it was the best that could be
done until other means could be provided.
The wise men of the "Big Eight," which
organization of pool-sellers has plenty of
money in its coffers, were dissatisfied be
cause the tardiness in receiving news pre
vented their customers from wagering
their money more than once in a day,
from the fact that the bettor's money
being once placed remained inactive until
the result of the race was learned. This
result coming in after all tlie races were
about over was, therefore, too late for
further speculation. It was then that the
poolmen rose to the magnitude of the
emergency.
The nearest telegraph station to the
track is at Twenty-ninth and Mission
streets — a mile and a half from the race
course—and it was deciued that the best
move to be made would be to bring that
station closer to the scene of action, or else
establish a connecting line which could be
reached more rapidly. Money and men
were plenty, and, without trie "formality of
obtaining a franchise or even informing
the proner authorities as to their intent or
right to act, the poolmen purchased the
necessary telegraph poles and wire and set
out a score of men on Friday night plant
ing poles and stretching wire over the
property of people unknown to them, so
that when the races began at 2 o'clock yes
terday afternoon they had a service of
their own.
The western terminal of the impromptu
line was on the hillside just east of Ingle
side track, not more than a few hundred
yards from the main entrance. There an
ex-employe of the Western Union Com
pany, whose name is Emlev worked a
portable "ticker," and at the other end of
the line another ex-employe of the com
pany, named Patterson, received Ernley's
messages.
The poolmen had arranged another con
nection between the racetrack proper and
Emley by paying the admission to the
track of a dozen lads whose duty it was to
hurry from the course with the odds on
the races as posted at the track books and
with the results of the races, a couple of
kids working this way for each race.
After leaving the track with the much
needed information, it took but a few min
utes to reach Emley, who kept bis partner
informed, and in that way the poolrooms
were kept as well informed of all occur
rences as if they were using the Jockey
Club's leased wire.
The members of the "Big Eight" combi
nation were all smiles when they opened
their rooms for business in the afternoon.
They felt sure that they had outwitted
Edward Corrigan and that there was noth
ing more to interfere with their business
until the courts could decide on the ap
peals taken from the lower courts, where
they bad been found guilty of violating
the Ellert ordinance against making books
outside of a racetrack.
The odds and result of the first race
came in splendidly. There was not a hitch
and the presumption was that the remain
ing races would be equally well reported.
In the meantime, however, while the
poolmen were making all their arrange
ments for posts, wires and operators, Cap
tain Jules Callundan of Harry Morse's
I'atrol had four men out looking up their
doings. In this way the Jockey Club was
kept informed of what was going on and,
although Mr. Corrigan said last night he
did not know what more was intended by
the detectives until it was all over with",
the transmission of news was brought to a
sudden stop.
The four Morse men, among whom was
ex-Police Officer Allen, dropped in on
Emley in his improvised office and de
manded the surrender of his machine. To
this demand he demurred and imraedi
ateJy wired in to Jerry Driscoll, relating
what had occurred. "The answer came
quickly:
"Give up nothing. You are working on
a private wire, and if they interfere with
your business they will lay themselves
amenable to the law. Inform them of
this fact."
This had the effect of stopping proceed
ings for a little while, and the four detect
ives marched down the road a bit to have
some quiet little Winchester rifle practice.
There is no ranpe in that section of thn
and birds are scarce, so they used
a^elegraph pole as a target.
Although all of the men are known to
be good shots, they appear to have been
suffering just then "from nervousness, for
they were remarkably inaccurate in hit
ting the pole. Instead, however, they
shattered the glass insulators on the poles
and their biillets cut a wire or two, com
pletely isolating Mr. Emery on the foot
hills from his partner, Patterson, at
Twenty-ninth and Mission streets. That
is why the poolrooms failed to get returns
after the first race.
The bookies are wild now at what they
deem to be a most horrible outrage and a
trespass upon the rights of property-own
ers. They threaten all manner of ven
geance.
It seems that in their wild shooting the
detectives unintentionally cut a wire of
the Postal Telegraph Company, and this
fact may bring about complications.
Between this hour and the time the
races begin Monday afternoon the pool
men propose to have some other system of
getting the news from the track. One of
the methods suggested by Blodes, the
"King of the Newsboys, 1 ' who was ar
rested recently for running a poolroom
where women only could play, is that the
captive balloon and balloonist who some
months ago were at Central Park be em
ployed, and an ascension lasting all the
afternoon be made daily just outside of
the racecourse.
"I will put an operator in the basket,"
Blodes explained, "and with a wire run
ning from there and a powerful field
gJass, I con't see who can prevent us from
getting all the news we want."
The little fat fellow laughed heartily at
the cleverness of his idea to circumvent
the machinations of Mr. Corrigan to stop
his business.
"But I'll not go up in it," he added,
after some deliberation. "I'm too heavy."
When Blodes' idea was mentioned to
Mr. Corrigan he smiled.
"What's to prevent some one from send
ing a bullet through the balloon?" he
asked.
At all events this fight against the pool
rooms has had one good result. Only the
larger rooms are running now. The small
fry who ran places where women and boys
were permitted to gamble have all closed
the;r doors. The "Belfry" at the gore of
Market and Ellis streets, where no less
than seven of these dens held forth at the
beginning of this week, is now deserted
and in gloom.
The case of Gilbert Blodes, proprietor of
the poolrooms on Ellis street patronized
by ladies, came up for hearing in Judge
Joachimsen's court yesterday. He was
defended by Attorney Lennon.
After the arresting officers had given
their evidence Attorney Lennon raised a
number of objections to the testimony.
Although the sign at the entrance of the
poolrooms bore the name Blodes & Co., he
argued that it had not been proved that
Blodes was a partner. Another objection
was that it had not been proved that races
were running at the time of the alleged
violation of the ordinance. The case was
continued till to-morrow, when argument
on the objections will be heard.
G. W. Statler of the Northern Pacific
Railroad swore out a warrant on Friday
for the arrest of Albert Reinert, stenog
rapher in the office of the general freight
agent, on the charge of grand larceny. He
is alleged to have stolen a typewriter
valued at $100, which he pawned for $!).
He left the office last Thursday and has
not been seen since.
Reinert's downfall is attributed to the
poolrooms. Eve ry month he spent his
wages in patronizing these places and bor
rowed money from his friends to such an
extent that he saw no means of repay
ing it.
Reinert was formerly employed in the
office of the Rio Grande Western Railroad
and was engaged in the office of the
Northern Pacific only for the past two
months.
NEWS OF THE CHURCHES
Rev. Father Seraphin, of Fruit
vale, Will Shortly Leave
for Arizona.
The Organist of St. Paul's, LoDdon,
is Writing a Te Deum for
Grace Church.
Rev. H. H. Rice has accepted the pas
torate of the Presbyterian Church at Po
mona. Commenting upon that choice the
Cccident says: "We have known Mr.
Rice for a good many years as an earnest,
faithful preacher of the gospel of Jesus
Christ, witnout following any sidetracks
in the pulpit, a wise counselor, a sympa
thetic pastor and an admirable presbyter.
Our congratulations go beyond the con
gregation to the entire community of
Pomona and reach to the outside boun
dary of the Los Angeles presbytery."
The Bay Association of Congregational
Churches will meet at Plymouth Church
at 10 a. H. to-morrow. There will be a
book review by Rev. Walter Mooar, a Ber
raon by Rev. P. H. Maas, an exegesis by
Rev. A. K. Crawford and an essay by Rev.
F. B. Perkins.
Mrs. Sadie C. Peoples has returned to
her missionary labors in Siam.
George C. Martin, musical director and
organist of St. Paul's Cathedral, London,
is writing a festival Te Deura and morning
service especially for the choir of Grace
Church. It 3 ill be sung for the first time
Easter Sunday next.
The annual convention of the African
M. E. Church, Pacific Coast jurisdiction,
has just been held very successfully in
Ban Jose.
A ritual committee has been appointed
for the Oakland Hebrew congregation.
Rev. B. W. Perry has been installed as
pastor of the First Presbyterian Church of
San Leandro. The sermon was preached
by Rev. E. H. Jenks, who was a classmate
in college with Mr. Perry.
On Sunday morning, the 19th inst., the
Redemptorist fathers O'Shea and Lindner
will open a two weeks' mission at St. Vin
cent's Church, Vallejo. Other missions in
the interior are in prospect.
Rev. Father Seraphin, O. S. F., the well
known pastor of St. Elizabeth's Church,
Fruitvale, has been appointed pastor of
the newly established Franciscan monas
tery at Phoenix, Ariz. Father Seraphin
has been succeeded at Fruitvale by Rev.
Father Gerhard Becher, O. S. F.. of Santa
Barbara. Father Gerhard Becuer wa3 for
merly pastor of St. Boniface's Church, this
City.
Three times as many American horses
have been sold in England this year as
were called for in 1894. and their average
price at the ports of shipments has been
£155. They are used chiefly for draught
in London.
NEW TO-DAT.
I #X COMETIMES the most
£t&\ careful women are the
•^r-M most careless. Many
Hf II fli, intjli a woman bundles
4fT~Xßi&t&2h£3\ herself up, puts on
j T6rSSir*2kV) heavy clothing and
■ t r^7kSSs6^P -' I wraps and furs to
V-'r\!\Mf~^ keep out the cold —
*""* r^M^V to k ee P out sickness
3 & \. —when she is neg-
/ ' ■•' ™ lecting the very
/ 5 mul worst sickness that
A 1 / ) If H\. can come to a wo-
il «/ / Hi |i»wMian. She is allow*
« Ilr^M 0 Jar * n& a sl i£kt disorder
}ll \r%3atftSimmPr to grow, to become
■' vr WiiWmm worse, to slowly and
%i 17/ ' '//M surely sap her vital-
/ / f/m itv - The little P ain
&. m Vim ? nd t . he ot ? ier slight
Jjr<&sf 111 ' / indications of
|j^ MA. trouble seem to her
■eP^a^^gGSsP unimportant. She
*// *%L^r pays no attention to
// them. By and by
JL— ft^\ they grow a little
*m ffl~B«i A worse, but ; she is
% 1 » used to them then
. and takes them as a
matter of course. By and by, they have
grown into dragging pains that occasion-
ally keep her in the house— that occasionally
! put her to bed. Then she knows what is
the matter, but she won't go to a doctor be-
, cause she knows he will insist on "exam-
inations " and " local treatment." She
goes on, with increasing suffering, until
life itself becomes a drag. Nervousness,
"sinking spells," digestive disturbances,
and fifty other complications may arise
from the ; same cause. Frequently such
symptoms are treated as digestive dis-
eases when the root of the whole matter is
the derangement of the organs distinctly
feminine. Over thirty years ago, the need
for a reliable remedy for so-called " female
complaints," was recognized by Dr. R. V.
Pierce, then, as now, chief consulting phy-
sician to the World's Dispensary and Inva-
lids' Hotel, at Buffalo, N. Y. He prepared
Dr. Pierces Favorite Prescription, the most )
wonderfully effective remedy that has ever
been used for such maladies. Its sale now
exceeds the combined sales of all . other
medicines for women. Its effect is percep- .
tible almost immediately. It relieves pain,
allays inflammation, checks debilitating
drains, and quickly subdues other distress-
ing symptoms. It makes the organs and
their surrounding tissues strong and
healthy, thereby correcting displacement*
and invigorating the whole body.
NEW TO-DAT-DHT GOODS.
EMBROIDERIES
3L.-A.CESS !
EXTRAORDINARY * VALUES!
NOTE THE PRICES!
15,000 yards EMBROIDERY at 5c per yard
18,000 yards EMBROIDERY at 01c per yard
20,000 yards EMBROIDERY at 10c per yard
12,000 yards EMBROIDERY at 12'e per yard
8,000 yards EMBROIDERY at 15c per yard
16,000 yards at 20c, 25c, 30c, 40c and 50c per yard
8000 yards FRENCH TORCHON LACE at 6k per yard
7000 yards FRENCH TORCHON LACE at 10c per yard
5500 yards FRENCH TORCHON LACE at 12k per yard
2600 yards BELGIAN TORCHON LACE at 12^c per yard
1800 yards BELGIAN TORCHON LACE at 20c per yard
We respectfully invite our city patrons
to inspect an exhibition of these Embroid-
eries and Laces in our show windows.
ANTICIPATE YOUR WANTS.
£&" Samples sent upon application.
KW Country orders receive prompt attention.
Of Packages delivered free in Oakland, Alameda and
Berkeley.
111, 113, 115, 117, 119, 121 POST STREET.
-lifDENJilir ! PHILADELPHIA SHOE CO,
bLRJ "^ ' afel 1 tt^ I STAMPED ON A SHOE
G&J "^ ' ' '^-^ 8- M^ MEANS STANDARD OF MERIT.
w ' '""-1 B. W* MEANS S T ANDARD OP MERIT.
Hygienic £ Ik '■-
Goods! ' .
IpL?Bsc| WE ARE SELLING CHEAP.
"^^ We are pleased to state to our numerous cus»
:■■■'^ ''-■■■- -^atMMllitjk^ tomers who have been awaiting the arrival of our
/y^ r*± celebrated ALASKA SEAI. SHOES that the
a jir — — jT- Ii D shipment arrived yesterday, and we are now pre-
m TOp^sa li I 0 pared to supply their demands. The Alaska Seal
wk vK y /IB Bin shoes are guaranteed to be waterproof, and as
v\ . f // M | I._ they are easy on the feet and give good wear the?
V\ jfc**!ji Hj |j I H < are ready sellers, and the price,
'^F^^Sws! m $3.00
HF^^.- >^^^l 8 I f II Is within the reach of all. We carry them In Lac*
*.{<' •J^*'^>» (i :^il 1 W II and Congress, with medium '. broad toes and tin«
EfeiSfeP^tJUO J r v ; r 8 M and double soles. We also carry them tor Youth?
ffPjW *V^'i j S;| iH E and Boys at tne following prices: "**
I 'fed' I '>/- ft '% lv Jl V ■ Youths', sizes 11 to 2 8175
Wi'i\^r f|; IS *. 11 Boys', sizes 2% to 5% .'.2 00
2-qnart Fountain Syringes, with extra pipes.. .75c *s^^^^j.UcnTTo^^^^ i » ii^^^'- : i<'i'ii;'i mn3#
3-quart Fountain Syringes, with extra pipes. ..85c " ' " i *—...-'
4-quart Fountain Syringe, with extra pipe.. SI. OO
1-quart Hot Water Bag 50c Ladies who wear Oxford Ties should take notice
2-quart Hot Water Bag 6Oc tnat we are selling Cloth-Top Oxfords with Don-
3-quart Hot Water Bag 65c ola *- ld Vamps, with either pointed or medium
4-quart Hot Water Bug 70c square toes, with patent-leather tips, for $1 50.
No. 15 Bulb Syringe, in wood box, extra qual- These Oxfords, being hand-turned, are very easy
ity linings 50c ;on the feet and require no breakin" in They ara
No. 7 Fine Metal Valve Chamber, with three neat fitters and wear well and retail regularly for
Hard Rubber Tu !h's 85c $2.00. '
No. 12 Best Quality and Most Complete. SI. 25 ~"
Ladies' Kubber Gloves, all sizes 85c
SOLE AGENTS FOR THE ■• »- E^*--|-
VONDA SYRINGES. 75fl $4 7
c^. are , n i s are that we carry tha he«^
WALL rArtn! HlP^^s
Child's, sizes 8 to 10^« *n ~.
JAS. DUFFY & CO. »SS?;°,.^:::;;;::;.;;:»» 8
Have REMOVED to |WE HAVE NOT MOVED.
No. 20 Geary Street, orders.^^.'
■ Ad?" 8 * 1 " 1 f ° r xaus;t " tc CMalof m,
GREAT REIIIIRTiniI B - katchinaki.
Milk A I III.&JUUIIUH 10 Third Street. San Franol.«,«
T ° °4S%SS P Nt4 TERNS I PHILADELPHIA SHOE CO. '
WINDOW SHADES ■ J 'rmoßiiuZlT
Any Color, Size or Kind. | ftwill BAw^^M^i H^
— __^!12 L^. S^LK : — AND— -RETAIL. I TOa" *Bk»U f f^gj
DD 1 1 CU C O FOR BARBERS, BAK- f^l . T T^- tin y C^' ICS aresuperiof
tSHUaHrSt™ bootbuck,, h££ l\l to Lalaam 0 f Copaiba, s^*
SKSySfflJw. ISS!31 SS!3^ B^^^ lA'Cubeta-and. Injections." (^l
t^i^JT^^y^*^ ly lTheycurci Q 43 h ourstheV!^
Men.t*r-roofer.,unnen,t i iilor l ,.eur tUOi - Same diseases without anviooou"
»"wi»M. B ,fHotw^«o 1 }»2 9 | l i i . I Tenience. SOLDBYALLDRUGGIST9WHAT THEY WOULD
DO
IN CASE OF
FIRE.
T¥ T¥ FHAT would you do incase of
\\ )\ H lire?
NAi' \\f Tonder over the question
V V a moment. It suggests a
world of thought. Are your
accumulated treasures of a lifetime in the
oven of flame? And will you run the fiery
gauntlet in a desperate effort to snatch
them from swift-falling destruction Oi
i« there a loved one in the furnace, and
will you solve the doubt? Will you risk
your life to follow the dictates oi your
heart and plunge into the rescue before all
hope is dead? Would you act with calm
and deliberation at such a moment?
Would you pause t< the conse
quences? Think it over. Oh, it is one
tiling to have brave and Rood intentions in
moments of ease and safet; ■ old we
bear out these intern lely shaken
by the dread alarm, we were brought of
sudden to the Let us hear
-ome well-known people have to say
in response to this
Chief Sullivan had just returned from
his fortnightly tour of inspection, when
the query. "\\ hat would you do in case
: . . out in your own home V
VN:is ] : :to him.
"Honestly, now, I've never thought of
it." ! • ,- the grooves i:i the
- office desk. "I hope I
do bal as valiantly as an}- man
Chief Sulli\an would turn in an alarm for the first time in his life.
wr£n the ca.-.e demands. But what would
I ■/<> if a lire broke out in my own house?
Why, turn in an alarm, to be
didn't I think of that befoi
I guess I w:i- rattled, as other victims of
lire are likely to be ;tt the wrong moment.
turn in the alarm, and,
unless life were imperiled by my absence, '
would wait lo direct the men. People
make a great mistake in leaving the box
before the men come, if they can possibly
wait. In case of a 'blind tire' a great deal
of time is likely to be lost unless the men
are properly directed.
"It is hard to say what one would do in j
case of a tire. What he should do can be
indicated in a peneral way, although cir
cumstances differ so much that no one
can be master of the situation in dealing,
with a fire, no one can be the master no
matter what his experience.
"In the incipiency of a lire presence of \
mind is invaluable, just as it is in the hit
est and most dangerous stages. If cur
tains or bed-clothing caught (ire I would
try to smother the flames at once by crush
tag the folds together or trampling upon j
them. If a person's clothing were ablaze
my first thought would be to extinguish.
the flames by wrapping the person, cloth
ing and all, in a blanket or mv coat.
'If matters had come to the worst, and
I were righting for my life, I would put a
iret sponge in my mouth ; or, if there were :
no sponge, a silK handkerchief; if the silk
handkerchief be lacking, a wet cloth of
any sort. This would be to prevent suffo
< ation. Smoke is dangerous. Hot air La
deadly. Why, hot air knocks you out like
that," said the Chief, with an expressive
ture, suggestive of finality. "Well,
that preparation made, I would coverhead
and shoulder with a wet blanket and make
a rush for the outer air. This, of course,
if there were a possibility of escape, j
Otherwise, 1 would get as close to the floor |
as possible. Yon know, the smoke and I
hot air rise, and that there is more chance J
for prolonged breath near the floor than j
anywhere else. The firemen might Of
might not reach me in time. Nothing
would be left to be done but to lie on the
floor— and wait.
"It is strange, is it not?" he continued,
"that, though I have done battle with lire j '
more times than I could calculate, I j
have never seen a fire start and never
turned in a fire alarm?"
"What people do in case fire breaks out
is to lose their presence of mind. What
they should do is to exclude the air," said
Mayor l^utro with an oracular air. "No
extinguisher is better than the time
honored blanket or a generous strip of
carpet. 'Exclude the air.' That is the
motto. It is easy to smother the ilaines
that are shriveling a curtain or consuming
a woman's dress, if one has presence of
mind enough to enfold them with a
woolen garment or wrapping. 'Exclude
the air' applies also and especially to the
hot air, which, entering the delicate cells
of the lungs, causes instant death.
"If I awake some night to find a fire
well advanced my first thought would be
how to get away. A rope fastened to
some stationary article in the room would
furnish the best means of exit for myself
and such valuables, business papers nota-
I could gather together in my haste.
And if the convenient rope was absent 1
would tear the sheets into strips, knot them
together and away I'd go. I have never
been tested in that line further than in for
est fires at White Sulphur Springs and at
Paraiso. My chief recollection of the Pa- j
raiso Springs lire was of the pleasure of
wheeling Mrs. Henry Miller a mile on a
perambulator," continued the City execu
if the convenient rope was absent i would tear the sheets into strips, knot them
together and away I'd go," said Mayor Sutro.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 12, 1896.
tive, gallantly. "But I have great faith in
a rope or, that failing, a Knotted sheet as
a fire escape if the modern appliances are
missing. Try them."
Miss Marie Wainwrieht talked of the
subject of tires with that rare vivacity
characteristic of her. She wore a band-
"I would try first to save my children," said John J. O'Brien.
some Japanese gown of black and gold,
and looked as much in keeping with her
sumptuous apartments at the Baldwin as
she does in the classic settings of her
favorite dramas.
"I'm nearsighted, you know, so about
the first thing I would do if I heard a lire
alarm would be to put on my glasses. 1
would not go out into the elements unclad.
I would avoid the Scylla of pneumonia as
well as the Charybdis of fire. Well, after
the clothing process I would throw my
sealskin over one arm, my best gown over
the other, take my jewel-box in my
hand and start for the stairs. Yes, the
stairs. Do you know I am very nervous
about elevators? Flames shoot up the
shaft in a twinkling. I will choose the
stairs always. Oh, yes, I forgot to say
that I would saturate a towel and place it
over my mouth and nose before taking my
leave.
"Time thus spent is spent wisely, no
matter how near the flames.
"1 have been the loser to a considerable
extent through fire; $30,000 worth of my
'Twelfth Night' and 'Amy Robsart'
properties were destroyed at the Davidson
Theater, Milwaukee, where I had left
them, uninsured, unfortunately, for the
summer. Perhaps that experience has
made me more than usually mindful of
precautions against lire in theaters.
"I am careful to note the stage exits
in all theaters. Smoking is prohibited,
and I urge extreme caution as regards the
handling of diaphanous materials near
gas. These precautions are with regard
to property, however, for I am convinced
that there is little or no danger to life from
fire in modern theaters. Statistics show
that there have been more deaths from
panic than fire in such cases. The annals
of all great fires show this."
"I wouldn't get frightened till after
ward," said George T. Bohen, president of
the Board of Fire Commissioners. Mr.
Bohen is an old-time fire-lighter and a
bonanza of reminiscences, pathetic and
humorous, to the fire laddies, who never
tire of his stories of service in his native
city of Baltimore and in ihe days of the
volunteer firemen of San Francisco.
"No, indeed; I wouldn't permit myself
to get frightened," Mr. Bohen repeated.
"You haven't the time nor strength for it
when your house is on lire. I would close
the doors and windows if I were trying to
extinguish a fire, for in this case, too,
draughts are deadly. If I failed to put
out the fire I would see that my family es
caped by the best means of exit, if there
were an3 r choice. A person could jump
from a window in the second story of my
house without any damage to life or limb,
but if 1 lived in one of the flats downtown
I would be ready to 'throw out tiie life
line' at a moment's notice. The 'life-line'
is simply a rope knotted at a distance of
every two feet. A man could lower his
wife and children to the ground by this
means in a short time and soon follow
them himself.
"Keep cool! Keep cool, even if the
blaze is singeing your hair, and by all
moans keep close to the floor, where there
is fresh air if anywhere. That is my pre
cept and would be my practice."
"Send for the Fire Department in case
fire breaks out," said Dr. W. F. McNutt.
"I would do that with the greatest dis
patch, I assure you. But I'll tell you what
I wouldn't do. I wouldn't go back into a
burning house to rescue a joint of pipe, as
a woman did in Chicago at the time of the
big fire. Neither would I carry a child
out by the leg, as one of our San Fran
cisco women did. And I would certainly
not walk through lire and smoke when it
is not necessary. The great point ia to
keep your head, to use a popular expres
sion. Too many people lose their heads at
a cry of lire. That is really more danger
ous than the fear-inspiring flames them
selves.
"Well, suppose the Fire Department has
been summoned, or that one is enveloped
by lire, as it were, and the one considera
tion is to escape. I would not make a
dash tbroueh the smoke if I could avoid
it, but if the window did not furnish an
avenue of escape I would take care to pro
tect my lungs before making the dash for
liberty. No one should attempt to go
through a room lilled with smoke without
such precaution. C!oth should be placed
across the face — if the cloth be wet all the
better— to prevent the smoke entering the
lungs. A few inhalations would prove
fatal. The air in a burning building is
not oxygenated and breathing it never so
little will produce congestion.
"I am greatly interested in a life-saving
appliance that was tested and proved most
sat isfactory at the Palace Hotel a few years
ago. 1 don't remember the name of the
inventor nor the appliance itself, but it is
the best invention of the kind I ever saw.
There was a small metal box, within
which was coiled a strong wire cord. One
end of the cord could be attached to the
bedpost and the box fastened to the waist
by a belt. The cord uncoiled gradually, so
that there would be no jar and positively
no danger.
"A man so equipped could throw him
self from a ten-story window with im
punity and save others in the bargain, for
the box could be sent back by the manipu
lation of a convenient button. The weight
of the instrument is not more than three
or four pounds, and it is so compact that
it would take but a small space in a trunk
or valise. Then a rope knotted at inter
vals of a foot is a useful article in case of a
fire. There are many people who would
not travel without one. Of course, our
modern buildings are furnished with fire
escapes, but intense heat melts the metal,
and ail these things are, as the housewife
says, 'handy.' "
Key. Dr. W. D. "Williams leaned back irt
I his chair meditatively and looked mus
ingly at his study-table with its manu
! scripts galore.
"I tell my children to count ten before
i they do anything after hearing a fire
alarm," lie said, "and I am of the opinion
that that advice would apply to 'children
!of a larger growth.' It doesn't take long
I to count ten, but it has rather a soothing
! effect, you know. My instructions are,
further, to be sure they have a clear idea
where they are, to recall distinctly the
! passageways and be sure to avoid the
■ wardrobe and closets. I knew a child
! who lost her life during a fire by becoming
| confused and mistaking the closet for the
I hall. She groped about in the smoke
i filled closet until she was suffocated.
"Ministers have a preat responsibility in
the matter of proper precautions against
a panic in case of tire. I have always felt
strongly upon this point, and had my line
of action so well defined that when the cry
of 'Fire!' was heard near my church in
an Eastern town, I was able to dismiss my
audience in au orderly manner. I mdi
cated the aisle down which a certain con
tingent of the audience should pass, and by
giving the directions calmly somewhat al
layed the fears of the congregation. The
church, a large one, was cleared by that
means within four minutes.
"I have a half-dozen minute-men in
Plymouth Church who understand that
iheir duty is to take certain posts at the
different exits, some of which exits are
seldom used for any other purpose, and
direct the crowd, or such portion of it as
is known to be under tbeir care, to the par
ticular exit most convenient. These men
are to take their posts on a fire alarm with
out a sign from me. On special occasions,
like the lectures of Dr. Gunsaulus and Miss
Shaw, I increased this force. The fact is
not known to the audience. There is no
necessity of bringing up appalling mental
pictures of a holocaust, especially when I
am so sure that our measures will prevent
its attendant terrors."
"I would try to rescue them even at the
risk of singeing my wings."
J. J. O'Brien explained this reference to
seraphic appurtenances by the statement
that the head of a family was supposed to
be its guardian angel. '-I would try first
to save my children, and that accom-
plished, my wife, if she were not able to
do so herself," said the merchant. "How?
Well, I might lie the sheets together and
lower them to the ground. One can't
make an arbitrary rule of action, because
the variation of circumstances corresponds
to the number of fires. I would try to
grasp the situation and act according to
the emergency."
Mr. O'Brien once assisted in the work of
rescuing women and children from a con
flagration in Dublin, and his recollection
of the peril of that time makes him an
earnest advocate of better provisions
against tires in dwellings.
"Probably the same ridiculous things
that other panic-stricken people are guilty
of, that is, if we may consider the tragic
ridiculous," said Judge Seymour D. Thomp
son. "I might, for instance, lrantically
toss one of my grandchildren out of the
window and deliberately lower a feather
bed and pillows to the ground by means of
a rope. You needn't look incredulous.
That has happened more than once in the
histories of panics and the biographies of
the panic-stricken.
"I might also return to a burning
building, after having made my escape,
in order to save a favorite lawbook and
perish with my treasure.
"You may be sore of one thing. That
is, if there were a lire in the neighborhood
V man equipped with this life-saving appliance could throw himself from a ten
story window with impunity," said Dr. -McNutt.
I would stay at a reasonable distance
from it."
General John JtfcComb believes in the
merits of mother earth as an extinguisher
of flames. "A shovelful of earth is a
weighty argument in a contest with
fire," said he. "I have found it useful in
more than one instance of the kind."
The general says he discovered a new
use for the coat one day when he was
straggling with a pile of burning papers in
an inconvenient recess of his desk. "I
had been trying to beat out the fire with
a towel," he said, "but without effect,
when a cool-headed friend of mine en
tered. He grasped the situation in an in
stant, and whisking off his coat threw it
over the desk. When he drew the coat
away a moment later I wag confronted Dy
charred papers, but neither sparks nor
flames."
"My first thought would be of the chil
dren," said Mrs. Mary A. Swift, president
of the Century Club. "The next would be
to reach the fire-escape. It is an indis
pensable part of a dwelling in my opinion.
I would not live in a house without one.
I consider it most inconsistent to take pre
cautions against the ravages of fire in
business houses and neglect the home. If
a fire had gained but little headway on my
premises I would see that the hose and
buckets of water I always keep in the third
story of my home were utilized. The
presence of those extinguishers affords me
a good deal of satisfaction and a sense of
immunity. I have a dread of fire, in
creased, perhap3, by our residence in
Japan, where all materials used in the
construction of houses are highly inflam
mable. Our plan, while there, of keeping
our supply of kerosene for lamps out of
doors was, I believe, a preventive of fire.
My husband's fancy for having an outside
switch for electric lights so that he could
turn all electricity out of the house, as it
were, at will, was, I think, another excel
lent preventive."
Mrs. Sarah B. Cooper has a well-ordered
plan of campaign in case of tire.
"My daughter and I are quite ready for
an emergency," she said. "We keep a
rope in one of our bedrooms, knotted and
ready for emergencies. We are careful to
"I might return to the burning building after some favorite law hook," said
Judge Thompson.
protect it from moths and to replace it
when it shows signs of age. Then
we have our means of exit carefully
in mind. If a fire snould break out in the
kitchen we would escape by the front bal
cony, even at the risk of scratching our
" I'd put on my glasses, throw my sealskin over one arm, my best gown over the
other, take my jewel-box in my hand and start for the stairs," said Mis^
■\Vaiuwriaht,
hands on the rose bushes. Better be
scratched than burned."
Mrs. Cooper believes a family should be
trained as to the methods of escape in
case of fire as systematically as the chil
dren in the public schools. "These plans
should be made with special reference to
the house, no matter how often the family
moves."
FUTUEE WAR SURGERY.
What May Be Kxpertetl From the Us©
of the ~Sevr Projectiles.
It wonld appear probable that in a
future war many of the wounds prodmced
by the new projectiles will be surgically
less severe and prove amenable to effective
surgical treatment. Probably, also, the
number of severe injuries will be very
great, when we consider the enormous
range of the new weapon and the pene
trating power of the projectile, which en
ables it to traverse the bodies of two or
three individuals in line, including bones,
and to inflict serious or fatal wounds at a
distance of 3000 or 4000 yanK
It is impossible to say what the propor
tion between these two is likely to be. At
near ranges the explosive effects will be
much the same as before; but at long range
the narrow bullet track, the small external
wounds, which often approach the subcu
taneous in character, and the moderate de
gree of comminution and fissuring of the
bone will be surgically advantageous.
These will form the bulk of the gunshot
injuries of the future, for it would seem
impossible with magazine quick-firing
rifles to contest a contest at close quarte rs
without speedy mutual annihilation.
We may take it for granted that the
number of wounded in proportion to the
numbers engaged and actually under lire
will be greater than before. The supply of
ammunition will be larger, the facility for
its discharge greater, and smokeless pow
der will increase accuracy of aim.
I think we are justiiied in believing, al
though there is high authority for a con
; trary opinion, that the next great war will
i be more destructive to human life — "Uood
j ier," in fact— than any of its predecessors;
! and that the number of injuries, and in
j many cases the severity of the injury, will
', be largely increased. 13ut very many cases
| will remain less severe in character, more
capable of successful treatment and less
likely to entail future disablement, while
i improved sanitation and antiseptic meth
: ods will enormously increase the propor
tion of recoveries.— Sir William Mac Co
r! mac in Nature.
A ''horseshoeing parlor' 1 is one of the
delights of Traverse City (Mich.) no men
clature.
1516
BREWERS WANT PEACE.
They Have All Decided Not to
Indulge in a Cut-Rate
Beer War.
NEW PRICES ARE ESTABLISHED.
Hereafter the Drivers Will Not Be
Permitted to Spend Money in
the Saloons.
The local brewers have re-formed their
combination, as The Call last Friday pre
dicted they would, and once more peace j
and harmony prevail in the ranks of the j
Brewers' Protective Association.
The trouble was started several weeks j
ago by charges being made that the Califor
nia and Broadway breweries were catling
the price of steam beer in violation of the
association rules. This was shortly after
the Brewery Workmen's Union had raised
the boycott from two of the breweries of j
•.the association. As might be expected
this raised a storm, because similar charges
had been made before, but while there was
a fight on with the union there v.as no
chance for correcting internal troubles.
When the bail was started the brewers
were up in arms and ready for a fight at
once, in order to discipline the offenders.
One of the number openly declared for
cutting the price of beer to £'J per barrel.
However the conservative element pre
vailed, and a committee was appointed to
investigate the char
A wees ago the committee reported that
the accused were guilty, and recommend
ed that the price of beer be cut by the
members of the association so as to crush
out the offenders. This raised a row that '
for a time threatened to break up the as
sociation, and when the meeting closed no
action ha been taken upon the recom
mendation. During the week many of the
members were declaring themselves as
bein? favorable to fighting, but all of a
sudden word was received that a new
enemy had appeared.
The beer-wagon drivers and helpers
were organizing for the purpose of com
pelling the brewers to pay better wages,
the same as was paid before the fight
began •between the brewers and the union
■workmen.
Another cause for alarm was the
secret meetings being held by the brewery
foremen, the objects of which could not be
learned. Realizing that a cut-rate beer
■war would be disastrous enough of itself,
the brewers aid not have the courage to
face a possible labor union light at the
same time.
When they met again on Friday it was
not a council of war, but a Jove feast, and
figuratively speaking, they threw bouquets
instead of brickbats. After a long confer
ence the members of the association de
cided »o bury the hatchet so far as the
offending brewers were concerned and to
arrange a new standard for the price of
6team beer.
The new arrangement is best understood
by the following "Notice to the Trade,
which was signed by the proprietors of
twenty-two breweries and the San Fran
cisco Breweries (limited):
Beginning with Monday, January 13,1896,
the price of steam beer to all dealers will be as
follows: .*5 for each wuole barrel, -j 50 for
tact; half-barrel. $1 75 for each third-barrel,
$1 for each sixth-barrel, luster beer not less
that $8 per barrel, net, without any re
bate or allowance of any nature or kind, and
without spending-money by proprietors, man
agers, employes or drivers.
These prices have been tised in the interests
of th<* dealer as well as in the interests of the
brewer. Low prices for beer only increase the ;
number of dealers and give to those opposed to
the liquor traffic a good argument in favor of I
THE STORY
old ironclad monitor Co
manche — "cheese-box," as they
call her, but the kind of a "cheese-
JJL box" that caused the loyal people
of the Nation to bless the in
ventor v. hen the value of Ericsson's con
trivance was gloriously exeinolified in the
dark days of the Rebellion— the monitor
Comanehe, after a rest of thirty years and
more, has once again been put in trim, and
almost anj" da}' we may expect to see the
formidable little craft come sailing down
the bay from the island.
The Comanehe? Old residents of San
Francisco remember her well. Her his
tory is somehow woven in with the his
tory of the City and the coast. Ask some
old pilot about the Comanehe and the
smiling response would likely be, "Why,
lad. the Comanehe was the first and only
ironclad in history to be sunk by a
wooden vessel." And it's all very true,
only that a little explanation is necessary.
The Comanehe? Why, she was the fore
runner of iron ve^el building in the West
— the first ironclad ever seen in Pacific
waters. The material which figured in her
make-up was brought around the Horn as
the cargo of the ship Aquilla. She arrived
in pieces and the pieces were put together
down at the foot of Third street by the
firm of Donahue, Secor <fc Ryan.
But then between the shipping of the
materials and the completion of the craft
came a series of events that are brimful of
interest, especially now that the monitor
is about to exhibit her turret again on the
water? in which every part of her was so
Icaj: a<ro baptized by immersion.
San Francisco looked eagerly forward to
the arrival of the Aquilla, and when on
the 10th of November, 1803, the big wooden
snip sailed into port no little enthusiasm
was manifested. "The heart of every loyal
man in the City was made glad," declares
n newspaper of the day — and no wonder.
The war was raging at the time ana t here
was feverish excitement on the slope,
although far removed from the scene of
conflict. San Francisco Bay wus in need
of a defender of just this formidable type
to put its security" beyond the question of
doubt, and the fulfilment of the City's de
sire was near at Jiand.
The Aquilla was 163 day? on her journey.
She had" been convoyed from New York
to a point some degrees below the equator
by the United States steamship Ina. Sbc
had breasted a violent gale a month before
reaching her destination.
As she glided in through the Golden
Gate and anchored in the peaceful bay it
may be supposed that her captain deemed
Bnnday closing, high license and separation of
grocery from saloon.
In their own interest we ask all dealers to as
sist the Brewers' Protective Association in
keeping tho prices as above, and ask that the y
report to the said association any reduction in
these prices, or any concession or allowance
made to them.
It these prices are strictly adhered to it Will
leSSen competition and prevent discrimination.
This is a radical departure from the
customs of the past and it may cause
trouble among:." tho boer-wagon drivers.
Heretofore these employes have been
permitted to sell beer for $5 50 a barrel
and spend 50 cents with the saloon
i keeper, and 25 cents on hall-barrels. In
! this way they were able to hold old
patrons and frequently obtain new cus
tomers. Hereafter they will be obliged to
pay for the Deer they drink out of their
own pockets. ;
A well-known brewer yesterday, in
speaking upon the settlement of the
troubles, said:
Although the brewers may not at present
realize the fact, still it is a fact that this news
i paper notoriety has done more toward
; straightening out these troubles than any
other factor. It showed what would result
from a beer war. Drunkenness would be
come so prevalent that the Authorities would
• take up the matter, find the temperance
1 people would have an excuse to start a crusade
i against beer - sellers and beer - producers.
While some of tho members of the association
have been displeased that their business
; should be made public, still they all now
i acknowledge that had it not beeu for those
articles there would have been a light which
would have proved equally disastrous to
dealers and consumers and the public in
general. __li;
FALSE TO PLEDGES.
John M.- Reynold* Thus Styles the
Committee of Fifty, and Loaves
Its Hun Km.
The "iniquitous funding bil!, !> to quote
Mayor Sutro, is now causing dissension in
the ranks of the Committee- of Fifty ap
pointeil to impede the passage of the bill
and to introduce another bill in its stead
providing for the foreclosure of tne Gov
ernment mortgage on the Pacific roads.
The cojnruinee's action has so displeased
its secretary, John M. Reynolds, that he
has sent in his resignation. Mr. Reynolds
gives the reason for his action in the fol
lowing open letter:
To the Public of San Francisco — Fellow Cm
! zen's : The Committee of Fifty fears in urge
; upon Congress the passage of <i bill for tne
: Government ownership of the Pacific railroads.
; While favoring Government ownership as tin
only true remedy for railroad extortion and
corruption, most of the members hare decided
that it will injure the movement ntrainst the
| funding bill to present that plan at this time.
A large umber of the committee have taken
this view oJ ihe situation.
1 regret to differ from those with whom I
have been working upon a matter ot vital im
i portancc. I maintain, however, that the Com
mittee of Fifty were appointed upon the uuthor
-1 ity of a mass-meeting which resolved "'that we
here and now appoint a competent committee
duty it shall be to draft a suitable bill
| providing for the foreclosure of the Govern
ment mortgage bonds of the i'ueific railroads
and for the transfer of such to their rightful
owners, the peopie of the United States." This
; resolution was accepted as an amendment by
• the gentlemen who moved the original resoiii
tions and was carried unanimously. Komass
' meeting of citizens of San Francisco can be
' held vhich will repudiate this demand and
step toward Government ownership of the Pa
cific railroads.
Notwithstanding the clear and decidedly ex
pressed wishes of the meeting of December 7,
and without regarding the voice of 200,000
voters who have petitioned Congress to ac
quire and operate the Central and Union Pa
cific railroads as a National undertaking for
the benefit of the whole people, the Committee
of Fifty has assumed a compromising attitude,
which, in my estimation, is unwarranted. . Its
members, who know -what authority they have
to act for the people, have no right to accept
end hold their position unless they truly rep
resent the people and act as directed by "them.
In neglecting to carry out the wishes of their
constituents they do what they condemn in
Supervisors who violate their pledges. In pre
suming to know what is best to do, instead of
following the people's commands, they dis
credit the principles of popular government.
Such conduct upon the part of cur lawmakers
and officials has brought our Nation into a
deplorable condition, and I must, from self
respect and from a high regard for the voice of
the masses, refuse to be a party to the com
mittee's action, and therefore publicly resign
my position as member and secretary.
John M. Reynolds.
San Francisco, Jan. 11, 1890.
' the Aqu!i!a's trials at an end, so far ascou
! cerned the delivery of her cargo op. this
side of the continent ; when, in fact, her
worst troubles were about to begin ere she
i landed a pound or iier freight.
The fierce southeast gale of November,
. 1863. is still recalled by old-timers along
the bay. It set in about dusk of Saturday.
November 14, and through the night in
', creased in violence until the craft on the
j bay were knocked about like cockleshells.
The British ship Isca dragged her anchors
| and swung on to Rincon Rock. The
Aquilla, having her headlines carried off,
ran afoul of the Isca, but, her stern lines
holding, she was saved from the British
er's fute.
On Sunday came a temporary lull in the
THE MONITOR COMANCHE AS SHE IS TO-DAY.
[From a photograph.]
| storm, which as night fell set In with un
i precedented violence. The Aquilla had
I been moored at Hathaway's wharf during
the lull, but even there she could not
j withstand the tremendous broadsides of
the mighty sea that swept in with the ap
proach of darkness. After having so suc
j cessfully run the gauntlet of Confederate
privateers, storms at sea and accidents,
and having reached her destined haven,
she went down ingloriou.sly within a
stone's throw of the city's business thor
oughfare. On Monday, at high time, there
was nearly forty feet of water over her
. bow.
Divers and wreckers cume on from New
iork iv January and the big iron pieces
slowly, and with much difficulty and ex
THE SAN FEANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 12, 1896.
. L _ J . |- . |^ . L <.__^, NEW TO-DAY. v'- : . *': :•."-•- — ~—
Jtggm&& « E: HaS forged one more link in the chain of proofs as to CASH BUYING. 3 p M 1 1
B^^S & %1 i= We buy and sell strictly FOR CASH and by a rigid adherence to that I^^V' f
J Vt^ iron rule are enabled to discount the prices of any credit-giving con- 3 I v^, |^F# •
Mi L' l\ 1 V^sitf^i Bfc= cern in the universe. Such is our record every day in the year. At the 2 A f \ S I%^l
&rWM !\HIjlLj Present time, in our endeavors to reduce stock as much as possible be- 3 Jpi||dr |\ 1 f^i j
$r s *** m£ S= fore inventory, we not only discount every price named by others, but 3 &r*m& ill fldg gfjß
S^ta » JIJSS the former very low prices named by ourselves. Each department in the 13 r ifitß^ Jr '*▼ ®|
CJ^ ~ mb% I £ house pays tribute to this GREAT STOCK-TAKING SALE and has had 3 £^| \&§or
w^~JM ,f% fc tO use . the knife unsparingly to name reductions such as to warrant a 3 '^^tewdS- 1 *
. ♦ km H IIW fMmMimMUMUMUMmmumiMMuimmMmmimmMMUMUiUMM S ftp
Come Early and Money Saved The Chance • I "Maze" Wonders fl
J Avoid the Crowds. ___^ Is Money Earned. of a Lifetime. at This Sale.
SPIT DEPARTMENT. HOUSEKEEPERS' LINENS. CLOAK DEPARTMENT, " DRESS GOODS DEPARTMENT^
At 31.50 Each. 10 p;^es 54-inch cream Table Damask, 25c a At $1.00 Each. At 15c a Yard.
About 2 dozen Ladles* Woolen Suits of differ- lOnl*n«i*A.in«h wwt.ToM. n « i to. ' A table of Light-weight Jackets and Misses' 20 pieces double-width Covert Cloths, cheap
co( colors, that uvrc sold at tour times the 10 r^j 54Inch * bite Table »ask, SOc a capes, worth up to $5 each. at 25c. ■
" fK "' ' , , . 10 i.iec,B 60-inch Cream Table Damask-, 45c b .-' At $150 Each At 25c a Yard.
*f *<■> ~n ,'„:-■- i 10 pieces CO-inch White Table Damask, 45c a A table of Fancy Jackets/capes' and Long A c F^'Vaidf '«?« iSw* T^SIS
At $2.50 and $a Each. yard. . Cloth n s!or , tl, «t d ing their season Melton C?oth S . iS i,i"n ?oion? vhiy?™
100 Tailor- Trade Fulls, all late cuts end dc- 10 pieces 62-inca White Table Damask, 75c a a up to glu eacp - Cheviots and Itaw bilk Mixtures, north up
signs, every Imaginable color and style of yard. . ~ ■ ; ■ to 60c a yard.
> were Vrom B aß^!?ssK«Vi elOrm r^ CeS 20 pieces 55-inch Turkey lied Table Damask, • At $2.50 Each. g %'gi .. nm Z r ;
» were from SB io*ls apiece. ■ . 25cnva"J Atabieof Ladles' Cloth r cms ami cloaks, At 37^ c a ard -
irmT A table of Ladles' Cloth r citets aud cloaks, AZ O//4C a iaru.
100 dozen three-quar er Bleached Damask among which will befoand fall and win- An Immense lot or All-Wool Scotch Cheviot
Napkins, $1 a dozen. .;« ter weight; over 500 different garments to Suitings and Silk Mixed Fancy Dress Ma-
a* 4.-> -r\ 17^.^1 10 dozen three-qunrter Eleached Damask select from, many of which sold up to $15 terlals that, cost over 50c a yard to manu-
At JJ>j:.r>U bacn. Napkins. SI 25 it dozen. each. facture.
00 silk Waists, made of India, taffeta and 50 down three-quarter Bleached Damask " ~ """ ~ ~~~
wash silks. light and dark colorings, over Kapkins, «1 50 a dozeu. At $3 50 Each At 50c a Yard.
lot lacludes i'.,anv- itiiit were SO ana's 7 50 . rto/ r" tlm-e-iuarter Bleached Damask A table of Ladies' Fancy and Plain Cloth An assortment of Silk Mixed Suitings, Invisl-
apiece. all fully lined and different styles •■": >ap.cins. »J a dozen. Coats, some plain, others elaborately ble Checkodand la d Cloi Marine
of sleeves. . 100 dozen Loom Linen Huck Towels, $1 a trimmed. This table consists of all our serges and New All- Wool scotch 1 laids
•■■■ dozen. novelties of past seasons and contains that cannot be approached in the city.
; ' - 100 dozen 19x37 Linen Huok Towels, ltc each. coats that sold up to $20 apiece. ZZ^ZZZ A WT , .„„„„„
At $100 Each 100 dozen Loom Damask Towels, , 8 a^dozen. """T m^^2!^£Jl£?*£ £2F&
■ -\l 91.UU J.aCil. . 300 ,, Z(l ,, Cn»am Bath Towels, with fancy At )}.D.UU ■ JiaCll. pieces of new patterns just received by
Another big lot of Ladles' Wrappers, similar colored stripes, reduced for thin sale to Fifty Elegant New Box-shape Reefer Jackets, ■ express, all thrown into this sale at stock-
to those sold week, but better values, '-j, \':\ »%c, 10c, loc, HOC and 25c each. made of heavy tan cloth. .) ust received by taking prices.
light and dark roiors, all sorts of mute- Pvavv Iti-ni ihftVA \v Intitip Vnin/. express, also a line of Stylish Jackets for WONDERFUL BAUOAINS AT ?1.00 AND
rials, worth up tola and 82 50 each. LU!l> lll'lil .lt)o\6 IS L'nUCr 1 ill lIP, misses, reduced from $8 50 each. $1.25 A VAIID. "
Oiie Dollar Hill Buy More at This Sale GOODS AT Still PRICES IS LIKE We Want These Goods Out of the "~ Don't Wait Till the Afternoon.
1 Than Three Dollars WiHOtli<*r Times. |'. PICKING MO\K\ IP OX TUB STREET. House— Their Space is Our Profit. Your Aefghbors Come in the Morning.
DOMESTIC DEPARTMENT. MUSLIN UNDERWEAR. HOSIERY ASP KNIT UNDERWEAR. IN OTHER DEPARTMENTS.
At 5c a Yard. Never since we have been in business has At 16% C a Pair. ' ' — "
100 pieces Flannelette.", licht colors, assorted suih an offering been made in our store. Wo 1r , ni ,.,._ mr n ,. •,-—.«-*. r , t.. , Cuts In Prices have been made to keep In
In dots, stripes and plain grounds, reduced have taken every garment thai has been in Ho f,,n J^hin.f-S? rtm.hio ESll aC 7 line:
from » Vit c ,nd lOC. MocKMo^rth^n last season and literally cut "n°d toes? wo^Sari° y U 3»c fpalf. h<eU \ —
if Ci/, , v l ' : 77 001/ 7T~- " IN MILMNERY— are offering at $4 and
,=« • A^ OJ?C a lard. „„,.„.,., „„ „. _. , At 33>SC a Pair. apiece Trimmed Hats that were male
IdO pieces l-ancy Printed fee I (own Cloths, in CO 'SBJ Un R^-The prices range at 50 d 0 Ladies • Best FcvD'ian Cotton Ho« to Bell 97 to $12 50 apiece, but they
cream and lixnt tinted gronnds. printed in 16c. SSo, 76c and We apiece, and the line Vve.v m ,7?iws^ ••Hermi inrf ■ ?,' must go beiore stock-taking.
dainty figures and stripes, reduced from inchues that were in stock up l ° ack c ' exfra 'hrgh-splS'heels 2nd =
1 """'rr-^ TV j I ■ frC ! o U % O ™aV5 0 0chnfs UCedf ° rthlSaale LN HANDKERCHIEFS -We are offerin
At 2.->C a Yard. Rom OUT regular 800 lines. some Elegant Swiss Scalloped and Em-
-25 pieces Best Quality French flannels, in NIGHT ■:OBF«i-\t'> 5caniece nlaln n ... At lOr> a P'lir- broldered Goods for 8y 3 c, 10c and m/ 2
light and dark ground, printed in desirable midi of muslin" and Pa^«i P s??% a - 1 alr " that at any other time ol year would corn-
wrapper designs. Thesameouality is sold apiece pfr^t toams of la« and Pnfhroi 25 dozen Ladies' Black Cashmere Wool Hose, mand almost double.
in downtowu stores at GOc and 750. 3*i-y trimming l incTud?^ garment? thai reduced for this sale from -Jsc a pair. _ __^ . ,
At V214<1 'I Yard were sold up to $3 50 eacu. At 2g C Each LS EMBROIBF.RIES-W* are offering for
.\l J^.IIW * X til \4 • —^ •*• *"*' ''«*viii this Salt' values At 5c 61' fti'o Ifl ■
lOC pieces Best Quality American Sateen, ..,...„,,, «vt» r HIATTVC n ,  Children's Wool Mixed Jersey ribbed White C V 12% c that could not be imported by Bhe8 he
teoTa^ar^* 111 BCW li "'" : i :" re6Ular D dVsira^fnd^some'Vr^'me^^n , du^fr^o'c Ck and 8h0 " B:eeV6Sl - hundred-piece lots for the pncV** by
■ — — — • lace and others with embroidery, two spe- - • ■ ■ — ■ ■ — —
At 5C a Yard. cial los of Drawers at 60c and 75c each At 50c Each. IN SILVER-PLATED WARE- We are or-
-60 pieces American Oinsbams, in bourettrs. I? as In? li ro L'i!£ BOmeof them were Ladies' Scarlet Wool Drawer, «<„„,, frnm ferin « at - 5c and «0c apiece most every-
stripes, check,, platds «nd fancy zephyr * l -» and «l 60 apiece. . **%*. Bteartet line o?^d™v Ecra CokiS thins ln the Way °. r **™*™ Frames, l3*
designs, reduced irotn B^tc and 10c a yard. • : Combination Suits irTallsfzes rors and fancy articles left from the holi-
\t 12' a Yard. ■ LAUn;.S' SKIRTS— At 25c and 800 " '— — l — '-■ yB-
-50 pieces Fine Scotch I'iafds, in military and apiece, some trimmed with lai- around At 3oc Each. — — .
fancy clan designs, suitable for waists and J tlP bottom ' others with tacks and deep . A small lot of Ladies' Natural Gray Jersey DON'T MISS A SIN«;r X DFPAHT
dresses. '' cm «' '? >' one o them worth »' or( -- than Ribbed Vests, high neck and short sleeves. : ME NT EACiI O«B HAS spk"
_ i^ m _ mm _ mmmmmm^ mmam^^^^^^ threo times the price. that were reduced from 65c each. . C'iAlT KINGS.
_ Tiie Hantfrgn 1 OBaiMy. |~~| Proprietors of [~ "THE MAZE," * I inbt art Taylor Sts. ~
pense. were taken np from the hold of the !
wreck. It was a six months' job. How
ever, every niece intendect for the craft had ',
been marked, of course, and was ready to \
go into its proper place; As soon as the '
various parts of the monitor bad been
brought up, they were Conveyed to the :
yard at tho foot of Third street! and there,
between the months of June .and Novem
ber, 1864, the work of putting the vesse
tozether was accomplished.
Finally, on the 14th of the latter month,
the launching took place. It is estimated j
that 25,000 people had gathered within the
inclosure of the shipyard at the hour ap- !
pointed for the ceremony. At 11:25 a. m., I
flood tide, Mr. Ryan, the managing con- '
tractor, gave the word, the blocks were |
knocked away, and in an instant the im
mense weight of the vessel sent her down
the well-oiled ways into the element
which was to be her home. About 150 per
sons, including a number of ladies, were
on deck, and as the vessel started an im
mense cheer broke from the assembled
multitude on board and on shore, while
the JNinth Infantry band struck up a loyal
air.
At the moment of her striking the water
Miss Nellie Maguire, a relative of Peter
Donahue, knocked the neck from a bottle
of champagne, and, pouring the wine over
; the deck at the point where the turret was
to stand, christened the harbor defender
: Comanche. The launch was celebrated by
; ft banquet that evening at the Occidental,
where there was an interchange of con
gratulations.
Eloquent speeches were made, including
one by General W. H. L. Barnes in which
he declared that "the launching of the Co
j manche was no oniinarv event and had no
: ordinary significance, "tt'hen this invulner
| able engine of naval warfare touched the
waters of the bay of San FranciM-o it
spoke at once de dance to the fleets of
France now engaged in the infamous
! work of treacherously destroying the '
! liberties of a sister republic, and j
sent away up toward the domin- |
ions of John Bull the premonitory
notice to prepare for the dread reckoning,
the peremptory balancing of accounts
wnich inevitably awaits the nation to
which we owe, more than to all other
causes combined, the evils which have be
fallen us and against which we haveaecum
: ulated a debt of righteous hatred which we
j are bound to discharge with interest indue
! tini<-."
Mr. Barnes' speech reads like an utter
ance of to-day. In conclusion, he offered
the sentiment:
Tne monitor Coir.acehe and the flag of our
Union, the exponent of the idea of National
Unity and the Monroe doctrine, and the em
blem of universal ireedom.
When finally the war came to an end
and peace dawned upon the Jand the
Comanche went into retirement.
The Aquilla was ill-fated. She was i
raised; her wreck was sold; she was re- '■
paired at much exp>-n*e and sent to sea '
attain, to founder at length after only a I
few years of service.
But the Comanche! She's almost as!
fresh as they make them. She has had a !
lazy time 01 it for a period nearly as long '
as the average human life; but if the
necessity should arise" her guns may be
heard sounding and helping to swell the
battle chorus of a matchless navy in the
good cause of liberty and justice.
Tiie Government will keep the monitor
ready in case of emergency, and it is possi
ble that in response to a "proposition to be
made to the Navy Department the Co
manche may be turned over to the Naval
Keserve for practice purposes.
CEMETERY SEWERS.
The Laurel Hill Association Complains
to the Supervisors.
The Laurel Hill Cemetery Association
sent a strong protest to the Board of
Supervisors yesterday regarding the sewer
work on California street, between Central
avenue and Walnut street.
The communication stated that by a
resolution adopted December 31. 1894, a
sewer had been ordered laid in the street
between the thojougbfares named and the
contract let to L. J. Welch. In spite of
these facts the work was never done and
the sanitary condition of the district was
likely to suffer In consequence. The asso
ciation stated in its complaint that the
sewer in California street from Walnut
west to Maple had been built and paid for
and that the association wanted tiie sys
tem completed. It was also slated that by
a resolution adopted December 23 last the
block had been ordered paved with bitu
men and that the Superintendent of
Streets should have known that the street
was not properly paved.
The board is* asked to have the work
done at once.
RICH CONTRIBUTIONS.
Mr. Seai-les and Mr. ami Mrs. Avery Send
Valuable Donations to the Art
Institute.
The Mark Hopkins Institute of Art has
received the following letter from Edward
F. Searles:
Methuen, Mass., Jan. 8, 1896.
I James 0 Phelan, President Mark Hopkins In
stitute of Art, San Francisco— Dear Sir: I have
. ordered shipped from Great Harrington a pic
| ture by Benjamin Constant addressed to your
; institution, which on arrival please accept
with my best wishes for the welfare of the in
j stitute. Wishing you the compliments of the
I season lam yours, very truly, E. F. Searles.
This shows that Mr. Searles has not for
gotten the association, and that he keeps
j up his frequent gifts of pictures and sculp
j tures. Benjamin Constant is one of the
j great masters of modern times, and the
| picture referred to, no doubt, is an excel
lent work, as Mr. Searles is well known as
a conn oiseur and critic.
In the will of the late Mrs. Dr. Toland
there 13 a provision bequeathing to the
Mark Hopkins Institute of Art all her
sketches, the work of first-rate Eastern
artists, which were used for the illustra
tion of her books, and also the income
from the sale of her books.
The artists' portfolio which will- be pre
sented to Mr. Searles by the San Francisco
artists as a mark of their esteem and ap
preciation is nearly ready. ' Several of the
gentlemen interested in the Art Associa
tion have subscribed $1000 and have com
missioned Rupert Scbmid to model from
life a bust of Mr. Searles for the Art
Association. Mr. Searles has been asked
to give the sculptor a sitting, ana he will
no doubt comply with this complimentary
request.
In addition to the foregoing the Art In
stitute is just in receipt of some very
costly books donated by Mr. and Mrs. B.
P. Avery and the trustees of the Columbia
College in New York City. One of the
most valuable of the lot is a complete cata
logue of the famous Avery Architectural
Library. This is a large volume of nearly
1200 pages and one of a very limited edi
tion. It bears the following title-page:
CATALOGUE OF
THE AVERY
ARCHITECTURAL
LIBRARY. -~
A MEMORIAL LIBRARY OP
: ' ARCHITECTURE, ARCHEOLOGY AND
DECORATIVE ART.
;, ••• • ;-■•• i
§ LIBRARY OP COLUMBIA COLLEGE
• NEW YORK: MDCCCXCV.
Another very valuable contribution from
Mr. and Mrs. 1 Avery is a royal folio volume
of "The Gems- of Stuart Newton', R. A.,"
edited by Henry Murray,- and published
in 1842. Some of the very finest' of metal
engravings are contained in this volume,
which is highly appreciated by the artists.
Another book of the ' lot is "the Masters
of Wood j Engraving," by "W. J. Liuton.
This is also a very valuable volume. In
truth the Art Institute considers itself for
tunate in receiving both these highly
prized contributions. Mr. Avery is the
brother of the Art Association's first
president, who was one time editor of the
Bulletin. .
<
SHORT LESSONS IN HORSE GUIDANCE.
THH START.
To start right is half the trip.
The other half depends upon doing right, keeping to the right, and supplementing
the horse's sense with your own.
The majority of accidents from careless driving that occur in this City every day
are the result of something wrong at the start.
So be sure you start right.
Look the turnout over carefully before you enter the vehicle, and see that ever-,
thing is shipshape.
Is the h itching-strap in its place? If the guard to your vehicle is low give the
strap a half-hitch about the fender. It is awkward to find, just as you wish to tie, thab
it has fallen out and disappeared.
Cast your eyes over the bar ness. If you are not able to tell at a glance whether
every strap is right you are not competent to undertake the guidance of a horse. I n
doing it you are putting your own life and the lives of others in jeopardy. The points
to be noted as the most frequent seats of accident are the holdbacks, the shaft-band
and the shoulder-strap where it buckles to the breastplate. The most careful stable-
man will sometimes leave a holdback unbuckled. See that the reins are buckled
securely.
Give a thought to the horse. Note if breastplate or saddle-girths seem to be galling
him, if there are marks on legs or ankles of his having struck, overreached or inter-
READY FOR THE START.
fered on his last trip. Attention to these matters may save your horse a fall Now
and then look under the saddle-pad and know the condition of your horse's back Tf
he wears a shoulder-collar look at his shoulders every few days. A gall there is often
the cause of an apparently vicious fit of backing.
Put your hands on the reins as you enter the vehicle. Never neglect this rule
When you are ready to start take the reins decidedly and firmly, so that the animal
feels your grasp upon tnem. Do not let him start without a signal from you
If you have to back, in starting, to clear a curb or to turn around, remember fim
to look and see what is behind you. Be sure that the way is clear The ,„ ™t
rienced driver often seems just the one most likely to turn around, unheedin ■'• * n front
of an advancing electric-car. . <"•"*».,, .n irons
Never start your horse by a blow from the whip. It is a brutal and an unho-se-
manhke thing to do, and is a frequent cause of accident. Do not crack- * /^
Let it alone at the start. Crack S oar whl I>.
If you are on the left side of the street cross to the right as soon as possible
Turn to the right when you meet a team, and keep near the right curb in turnin "
corner*
Be sure the vehicle is right. Be sure you are right. ''
Be sure the harness is right. Then go ahead!
Be sure the horse is right.WHAT WOMEN
ARE DOING
FOR ART
IN SAN FRANCISCO
Wl 'MKN ha\-- di : c much for
art in Ban .
of them certainly ■
the •• infftiite capacity for
taking pa ' Isrlyle
gives as the definil ~ : lmt
the sphere of w tne art
world is somewhat circumscribed by
the jhysical hard?hips and difficulties
which so often attend excursions
into scenic mountain regions; and in this
respect man has the advantage, as he is,
of course, built after a fashion more
adapted to the exploitation of rou^a and
dangc: tr<es. For instance, we do
not commonly associate the female artist
with such iask< as climbing, with ease!,
umbrella. < • ( and other freight, up
Bteep mountains; struggling on for days.
Bleeping on the mountainsides, leaping
A nA Ivl I ROSES, BY SARAH BENDER.
ever chasms and surmounting all the
other difficulties that women, according
to the chivalric notion, at least, were never
intended to end
Woman is a mere sociable being than
her brother, anyhow, ana there will be
none to dispute the : r ways are
instinctively the ways of delicacy and re
finement. The male artist, in order to
achieve a triumph in sketching a scene
from higher ridges than were ever ascend
ed by painter before, willingly becomes a
hermit, burying himself, aa it were, from
the world of civilization fur weeks and
months. The inspiration which comes to
him meets no distracting influences.
When the ideal view is reached lie makes
it his own, studies it till the picture is in
effaceably in his mind and till every mark
on his original sketch is mentally trans
lated into a glorious realism.
Now, as to his sister-artist, she will
exercise her talent or even genius in
regions not so difficult of access, or she
may pursue her studies of nature as a
member of a summer pleasure party; but
when it comes to a long, lonely, individual
tramp through some unfrequented and
rugeed piece of country— why, that is quite
another thing.
"THE BARROW OF ROSES," BY ALICE B. CHITTENDEN.
Tom Hill and Hngo Fisher may haunt
the heights and depths of the Yosemite,
Bloomer may relish the rarefied atmosphere
of lofty Shasta, ani Will Keith may never
tire in exploring h\> California Alps; but,
itfter all, in tlu-.r journeys thitlier from the
metropolis they are heedlessly passing over
teauties as divine as any that exist.
imon. mail his glory, was not arrayed
as one of these" id true not only of the lily.
The same may be said in reference to the
innumerable wild dowers that every spring
brighten, with their varied hues and tints,
the hillsides and the fields, and even the
highways and byways.
One finds among the men more land
scape-painters and among the women
more Sower-painters. Thin is not exactly
because man chooses the sublime and
woman the beautiful, both from prefer-
I ence, although such a view does not look
unreasonable. The preference, in many
! instances, is similarly for the sublime, but
! in the way of the desire of the female
• artist is that question of accessibility
j above referred to. Perhaps all such prob
lems will be successfully and satisfactorily
■ solved when the scepter of the new woman
waves over the land.
It is not an easy uMitter to do justice to
the devotees of art among the women of
San Francisco. Some have won honors in
the East and in Europe. The Call to-day
furnishes sketches from a number of them.
The time will douotless come when, by
some process yet to be discovered, the
daily paper will he enabled to picture
landscapes and flowers in colors on short
notice and without the large amount of
trouble and expense that attends such
efforts at the present day.
The sketch by Miss LilUe L. Kendall is '
i that of a Dunch of California floppies
(esch&choltzias) and wild oats. The fact !
that the eschscholtzia is the California
SState flower causes especial interest to at
tach to it. These poppies grow wild and ;
' often nearly cover the landscape. In the
' spring of the year when they are in great
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 12, 1896.
v.paitn and abundance they usurp grain
lields and line the tracks and roads al
most from one end of the State to the
other. In some localities the3 r bloom all
the year round. To-day, if one chances
to visit the Cliff House, little poppies may
be found thereabout without any trouble.
Miss Kendall has made caretul studies of
many species of wild flowers and has a
gallery of original art works that are as
creditable as they are highly interesting.
Miss Sarah E. Bender is known amone
artists as the "poetic flower-painter."
Violets and roses are lier favorite subjects,
although her work has a wide range. Her
painting of a lot of superb Bon Silene roses
and agrippinas has won much favorable
comment, although not more so than her
attractive picture of violets in a glass.
The rose painting above mentioned was
»<riginally sketched from flowers plucked
in May, before Eastern roses are in bloom.
It might be observed here, too, that the
garden flowers— even those that are intro
duced here from the East — grow larger and
more beautiful than they do elsewhere.
Miss Bender has also done some fine work
in California pinks.
The sketch by Miss Adelaide Hanscom
of Berkeley is a meritorious representa
; tion of a scene in the Coos River country,
Oregon, about fifteen miles above the
; mouth. The mountainous country there
is thickly timbered, and the underbrush is
so dense that one is forced to cut his way
through it if he does not take a beaten
trail. Fir. spruce and cedar trees abound.
In fact, bears and panthers make their
dens in that region, which is wild in more
ways than one. Miss Hanscom was a
member of a camping party that spent the
; summer of 'iH on Coos River, and her col
: lection of sketches taken thereabouts is
something of which any young artist
might well be proud.
Mrs. Susan Sroufe-Loosley has traveled
very extensively both in this country and
Europe and she is free in the expression
that scenery nowhere else compares with
ours in California. "Artists have hardly
begun to discover the unnumbered scenic
attractions of our own State," remarked
Mrs. Loosley. "One might spend years in
that portion of the Colorado Desert which
lies in Riverside County and be contin
ually finding new and delightful as well as
grand and impressive scenes."
The sketch by Mrs. Loosley is that of
the waterfalls in Tabqtlitch Canyon, near
Palm Springs. The latter place is eight
miles from Palm Springs station, and to
reach it a desert of fine rock and sand is
crossed. The palm groves that appear
here and there for nearly 300 miles up into
the mountains make a splendid sicht.
They are from twenty to seventy
feet high and have black clusters of
fruit. Many of the trees have charred
trunks, the Indians believing that by char
ring the trunks of the trees they make the
palmfruit sweeier. The notion is a foolish
one, of course, and the Indians in so doing
are simply hastening the death of the very
trees they depend on for mucn of their
choice food. In the black canyons near
Palm Springs are many cacti.
Mrs. Loosley has visited Alaska, and her
collection of curios is a rare and valuable
one. In connection with her studio is
quite a museum, wherein may be found
treasures of art, antiques and curios from
all parts of the world. There is a fine case
of mineral specimens. Here is the eye of
a whale, and there are a whale's ears petri
fied. In a cage in one corner is a Gila
monster, whose bite is deadly poison. It
lives on eggs. The figures that nature
painted on the Gila's back remind one of
an Indian hieroglyph.
Mrs, loosely makes a specialty of land
scape painting, although portraiture and
flowers, etc., are among her works.
Miss Alice B. Chittenden's sketch is that
of a wheelbarrow full of roses. The orig
inal may be seen at the Hopkins Art In
stitute, where it never fails to attract
favorable notice. It may be said that
Miss Chittenden has made, perhaps, the
most extended study of wiTd flowers of
any California artist. In her studio may
be seen sixty paintings, each representing
one or more native flowera. Each paint
ing is a work of art in itself. It is the in
tention, ultimately, to have a volume pub
lished, with illustrations of native flowers
based on this collection. Miss Chittenden
has also won encomiums for portrait paint
ing; but she takes especial pride in her
floral work — roses and chrysanthemums
being her specialties. She paints these
flowers out of doors and there is a fresh-
CALIFORNIA POPPIFS, BY LILLIE KENDALL.
ncsa about them that smacks of the sun
light and the open air.
Miss Eva W. Withrow has attained dis
tinction as a portrait-painter. The sketch
on this page is from a portrait of J. Frank
furrier, who was Miss Withrow's teacher
in Munich, and who is one of the first of
the impressionist school. Mr. Currier is
a native of Boston, but for twenty years
has made his home in the German art
center. His painting, "The Whistling
Buoy," created something of a sensation
in the art world a few years ago. Mis 3
Wiilirow takes a prominent rank among
our portrait-painters. Some years ago she
painted a sketch of San Francisco, look
ing toward the bay, from her studio. It
attracted attention, and was sold and
taken to England. The owner of this
painting recently died, and now Miss
Withrow is eager to regain possession of
the painting, and has made overtures to
purchase it back.
To Make People Kinder.
If I had a million to give away I should
give a larpe portion of it to the Society for
the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals.
That this society is sadly in need of bene-
VIEW ON COOS RIVER, OREGON, BY ADIXAIDE HANSOM.
factions to carry on its merciful work is a
reflection on the humanity of opulent
philanthropists, who seem to have fallen
into the habit of confining their gifts to
colleges. These colleges devote a portion
of their benefactions to promote the inde
fensible study of vivisection. Cornell
University boasts a large class in vivisec
tion and teaches students to gouge out the
eyes of living cats and scientifically note
their slow death by the watch. Recent bene
factions to our own university have rend
dered the study of vivisection a possibility
of the immediate future. The Humane
Society wili not be able to reach these
highly educated offenders anymore than
it has the fashionable people who dock
their horaes' tails, and, in the attempt to
make cheap animals look stylish, check
their heads so high, that the animals suffer
the most excruciating pain •while in har
ness. Its active and effective work is
among the ignorant and inhuman owners
of unfortunate animals, accounts, of whose
revolting brutalities have recently ap
peared in the daily papers; fiends who
have invented ingenious cruelties so dia
bolical that I fear to describe them lest
some heartless person should remember
and again put them in practice. These
cases were prosecuted, but the offenders
were let off in the justice courts with a
trifling fine. These Justices are morally as
brutal as the brutes they seek to shield. —
Observer.
• — ♦ — >
MOVED EUGENIE TO TEAES.
Mrs. Cora Potter Relates a Pathetic In
cident of Her Stay at Cowes.
"A pathetic and never-to-be-forgotten
incident occurred to me while stopping at
Cowes, the great English yachting center,
in the summer of 1886," writes Mrs. Cora
Urquhart Potter. "What is called the
'Squadron week' was in full swing, and
the beautiful Solent was crowded with
yachts belonging to the princes, nobility
and wealthy commoner? of England.
Conspicuous among the magnificent craft
assembled was the Osborne, the royal
yacht, on which his Royal Highnes« me
Prince of Wales, the Princess of Wales
and their family were spending the time.
"Entertainments were the order of the
day at Cowes, for the session ends there
the 12th of August, carrying all the men
north to the moors for "shooting. I had
received an invitation from H. 11. H. the
Princesa of Wales to lunch on the Os
borne, and at the hour named I stepped
on the launch awaiting me at the castle
steps and steamed out to the yacht.
"It was r»ne of tl^ose glorious summer
day? when nature seemed to bave put on
her best; everything was bright, beautiful
ami brilliantly gay. Arrived at the great
dock's gangway, I was received by the
Prince — whose courteous manner is" a by
word the world over— and soon found my
self the center of a brilliant party, con
spicuous among whom were the King of
Greece, the Crown Prince of Austria and
the King of I'ortu al. and. lastly, the
sad-eyed but beautiful Eugenic, Empress
of tne French.
"After lunch, and during the idle hour
before tea was served, the Princess asked
me if I would recite something. I had
often recited for iier Royal Highness be
fore, but oo this occasion she wished me
to do .so specially for the Empress Eugenic,
whom I now had the honor of meeting for
the first time. I was not at all nervous,
for no people in the world knew better
how to make one feel at perfect ease than
those among whom I found myself. I
asked the Princess if she had any choice
of pieces, and she said no; but suggested I
should give one of the many characteristic
little American poems she had heard me
recite before. So 1 stood up.
"The Empress was close to me, right
before me, and I gave 'Kentucky Belle.'
I saw the tears gradually gathering in her
great, sad eyes, and fall silently down her
pale cheeks. I had touched and touched
deeply a chord that reverberated through
the chambers of her memory, and took
her back to a scene far away in Africa,
where her dead boy lay, pierced to the
heart by the assegais of the savages, to
wnom he dearly sold his lite.
"When the last words of the poem left
my lips the Empress rose, and, coming up
to me, folded me to her heart, and, with a
voice trembling with emotion, said : 'God
bless you, my child. You have made me
feel as I have never felt since my poor boy
SKETCH OF J. P. CURRIER, BY MISS EVA WITHROW.
was killed — God bless you! I shall never
forget this day.' Then she kissed me,
and, drawing me to a seat by her, holding
my hand in hers, she talked to me for a
long time, and I felt keenly what the loss
of that son meant to the sweet, gentle
woman beside me, who had once been
Empress of the French." —Boston Herald.
A Suggestion for Entertainers.
A worthy Parisian tradesman who in
vited his friends some time ago to a soiree
dansante has had a bad experience of the
class of entertainers whom George Gros
smith calls society clowns. One of his
THE FALLS IN TAHQUITCII CANYON, BY MRS. LOOSLEY.
friends recommended him to secure the
services of a certain young man to amuse
the guests. The tradesman took the ad
vice, and the young man was among those
who attended the soiree. First, the young
man jrive an imitation of Paulus, then be
gan an imitation of Mme. Sarah Bern
hardt. So far, all went well. The per
former then said :
11 1 shall now give you my celebrated
sketch of the 'gentleman who takes the
piano to pieces to lincl a halfpenny he has
dropped inside it.' " First he took off the
wooden c;ise, then he proceeded to un
screw tkc instrument, piece by piece, and
Tn pile up the pieces on the rioor. There
v.is much Jaughter when, after all this,
the young man said, "I have it," and ex
hibited a halfpenny. When it came to
patting the piano together again, how
ever, he declared it must be sent to the
maker's, and there was therefore no
dancing that night. A hundred francs
damages were awarded by a court of law
to the outraged tradesman, who very
naturally pleaded that when he invited an
entertainer to make his guests laugh, it
was not in order that they should be made
to laugh at his expense. — London Daily
News.
ROMEO AND JULIET.
Shakespeare Changed the Construction
for the Better.
In one important matter Shakespeare
has followed neither Bandello nor Porto,
but Boalstuau and Brooke. In the drama
Rome is dead when Juliet awakes; in
Bandello and Porto there is a terrible
scene between the dying husband
and the waking wife. And I cannot for
bear to offer a few remarks on this
matter, because many have considered
Shakespeare's version inferior.
I do not think Shakespeare has always
improved on what he lias received from
others, but in this respect, assuming that
he knew the other version of the dying
see ne, I think he has; or, to put it in an
other way, I think the dramatic version is
the better one for dramatic purposes,
whether our English poet mada a de
liberate choice or not. "Mrs. Fanny
Kemble," says a writer in the Sat
urday Review (September 24, 1892), "pre
ferred, apparently, Garrick's version of
'Romeo and Juliet' to the original.
"Garrick returned to the finale in the
novel oi 'La Giulieua,' by Luigi da Porto,
where Romeo does not die till Juliet
awakes from her trance. Mrs. Kemble con
sidered this a liner end from a dramatic
point of view. It certainly is." Is it? The
scene on the stage is terrible enough as it
is, and the emotions of terror and pity are
as intense as an Aristotle could wish,
liow, then, could we bear the agony of a
scene between the dying Romeo and his
awakening bride? ft is horrible to read
of, but to set before one's eyes would be,
in my judgment, intolerable.
In the story meant for reading it is ap
propriate, and arouses the feelings of com
miseration to the highest degree. Khake-
speare has reached the same end, though
Romeo dies first. Both are right, I con
sider; the story for a story, the drama for
a drama. Faultless and infallible the
English iEschylus was not, but to side
with Garrick here and to offer Shakespeare
"the show of violence" would be "to do
him wrong, being so majestical." — Gen
tleman's Magazine.
NEW TO-DAY.
miTlraMALir
That a vast amount of
the pain prevalent may
be prevented, and ALL
of it much relieved, by
the use of the
WONDERFUL NEW REMEDY
***••***•••*; ••**••*•*•*•
•••****••••* •**•••••••**
*••••••*••• ••*••••*•*♦
•*••*•••**• ••****•*•*•
*•**•••••* •*••••••••
••••*•**•* ••••••*•••
•••••***• ••*•**•*•
********* ***•*••••
♦*****w* ♦£•*••*•
:*:*** Mitchell's ***!£
L MAGIC J
ttiti*. lotion ,**s&
********* *******is>
********* *********
********** **•*****••
********** **********
*********** ***********
*********** ***********
************ ***•••*•••*•
************ ************
CLEAN AND EASY TO USE.
CAN'T HURT A CHILD:::::
Sore Throats, Bnnis and Neuralgia,
QUICKLY RELIEVED AND CURED.
SOLD BY. DRUGGISTS-, at 25c, 50c and $1.00
Be Sure and Read the Directions.
Fill a small' teacup with Lotion; when
half evaporated cover and - keep'- tor
EXTIiKNAL USE. When dry add
Lotion to cover the sediment and use
for Rheumatism, Neuralgia, Sprains, all
pains/ and Sciatic or Asthmatic
• troubles.
1718
SOCIETY
AS SEASON succeeds season and
year follows year, each one seems
to attain an individuality; each
one in San Francisco has itspoDU
lar form of entertainment. Our people
are very fond of following each other,
and if some favorite house or some
one of our society leaders, early in the sea
son, gives an entertainment it will be at
tractive and popular and at once all the
other entertainers take it up and give
something like it.
Tiiis season is a great one for dinners.
They are the idol of the hour, and it is said
that before the last cotillon they were more
numerous than ever before. Some years
a;.', i toas on Saturdays were the rage, and so
popular were they that the musicians and
caterer had to be engaged weeks ahead,
and the knowing ones had to be consulted
to see if any one else had a reception fixed
for the same evening, and the invitations
were sent out well in advance to hea-J off
all possibility of a conflict.
These afternoon affairs on Saturdays
had so much to recommend them in every
way that it was not to be expected that they
would go out of fashion, but tuoy have
almost entirely done so — certainly as to
Saturday and inviting men to them. The
thing that was most powerful in bringing
about this result was that on Saturdays
the girls as well as the men preferred to
spend their half holiday out of town, and
then the evening was entirely lost as noth
ing could be done after the tea, and the
girls, always a great number of them, were
tired out by standing so long— the recep
tions generally lasting from 4 until 7.
These were usually great crushers, since
the main object was !o pay off all obliga
tions with a tea.
So now, much to the delight of the men
and the girls as well, dinners and theater
parties! are the all-pormlar ways of enter
tainment.
Friday appears to b-> in favor for recep
tion day among brides, quite a number
having chosen that day for the present
month. Mrs. Howard Bennett, formerly
Miss Julia Conner, receives at her mother's
home on first and second Fridays; Mr*.
Shattnck (nee Sharp) and Mrs. Samuel
Knight (nee Holbrook) have chosen the
lirst, second and third Fridays. Mrs.
Knight's second at home, which took
place on the lOtii, was largely attended,
and proved a delightful affair.
My previous reference to the wedding
lees given by Englishmen, says Vanity,
who marry American heiresses, has been
so much discussed, not unly in the papers,
but at dinner-tables and afternoon teas,
thnt a mention of the Leiter-Curzon wed
ding of last spring may not be amiss. It
will be remembered that Bishop Talbot of
Western Nebraska married the couple,
and the fact that he was in hopes of re
ceiving a sum large enough to materially
assist him in his missionary work. When
asked by a friend after the ceremony if
his services were sufficiently recompensed,
the Bishop shook his head sadly and re
plied: "The fee was not as big as I ex
pected, but then— a pound 19 a large ff-e
for an Englishman!" It is possible the
Bishop got two pounds, thongh ho didn't
say so. In any case, he ia better off than
Bishop Littlejohn, who received zero for
his services in the Marlborough wedding.
Captain and Mrs. Cotton gave a break
fast on the Philadelphia on Monday last
to a number of friend?.
Kear- Admiral Beardsley gave a luncheon
on Monday iasi on the Philadelphia, the
guest of honor being Miss Belle Hutchin
-8011.
ENGAGEMENTS.
Betrothal of Miss Jennie Cheesenian, a Favorite
of Society, to "W. H. Schumacher.
The engagement of Miss Jennie Checsemari
and. W. H. Schumacher is announced, though
the date of the wedding has not yet been made
public. Miss Cheeseman is well known in so
ciety's iuncr circle, and has been a prominent
member. of the Friday Nightclub and other
like organizations. She is the daughter of the
late Morton Cbeeseman and cousin to Mrs
Elliot McAllister (neo Decker), and comes from
a prominent Southern family.
The engagement was announced last even
ing—which was a great surprise to every one
—of Miss Stella Greenbaum and Alfred Simons.
The pair met in Switzerland last summer.
Cridge-Atkinson.
An interestine wedding took place last even
ing at the residence of Rev. ]•:. R. Dille, 1210
Mission street, the doctor officiating:. The
principals were Alfred Denton ('ridge and Miss
I. aura M. Atkinson, j Mr. Cridgo is the editor
of the Leinoore (Kings County) Radical and
the son of Alfred Cridge, a well-known writer,
journalist and reformer of this City.
TWELFTH NIGHT PAKTY. '
Merry Gathering Held On the 6th I»st., at
the Bcsidenoe of Mrs. Bobert Bruce,
A merry party assembled at the residence
of Mr. Robert Bruce, 254.6 Jackson street.
on the 6th inst., Twelfth Night and
many games peculiar to the day were
p.ayed, that have been in vogue ,in Scot
land and Ireland, from time immemorial. An
| important part of the festivities is thechoosing
of a king and queen for the evening. Th's is
done through the medium of a large cake, in
which are hidden one black and one white
bean, 'iiie cuke is cut, each guest taking a
slice, and the gentleman finding the black, i
and the lady finding the white one in their
portions, are king and queen respectively.
The fortunate ones this time were Laurence Va"n
j Winkle and Miss Frances Curry, and they were
I crowned with much ceremony. Partners for i
j supper were ctaown by the mcii hanging pieces
oi ribbon over the banisters from the hall
above, thegirlseatchingtheotherend. Dancing
followed supper, and was continued until long
]ia>t the usual hour for adieus to be said.
Twelfth Night is becoming more in favor in I
late years as a medium of merry making, as '
has also "All Hallow's Eve." In* the Eastern !
cities, both these occasions are signals for large
and numerous gatherings, formality is thrown
aside and even-body is ready for fun snd jol
lity.
. OVER THE TEACUPS.
Mrs. R. C. Fonte Entertains a Number of Club
Members— Miss Eleanor Wood's
Pleasant Reception.
Mrs. R. C. Fonte entertained a number of la
dies, members of a club to which Mrs. Foute
belongs, at tea at her residence, 2123 Califor
nia street, from 2 to 0 o'clock on Friday even
ing last. A delightful afternoon was spent.
5 On Friday afternoon Miss Eleanor Wood gave
a tea at the residence of her parents, Mr. and
.Mrs. W. S. Wood, 1920 Sacramento street. She
was assisted in receiving and entertaining by a
number of young friends. During the hoars
the reception refreshments were served in the
dining-room. The parlors, dining-rooms and
halls were handsomely decorated with flowers,
potted plants and smilax.
AT BAN MATEO.
Successful Meeting of the Literary and Musi
cal Coterie Known as " The Fortnightly."
The literary and musical coterie of San
Mateo, known as "The Fortnightly." met to
gether for the thirtieth time last Thursday even
ing at the residence of L. 11. Fuller. There
were about forty persons present. The literary
matter submitted consisted of an original
poem founded on a quaint Russian legend of
the Epiphany, by Miss M. E. Winslow; a paper
on the life and character of William Culicn
Bryant, by C. N. Kirkbride, and an address on
the services to humanity of the poet, the fci
entist and the mechanic, by George W. Dickie.
The musical programme was much appre
ciated, being furnished by Mrs. D. F. Walker
Mrs. J. R. Carrick. Miss Ella Carrick, Rev
George Wallace, George W. Dickie Jr. and Wil
liam B. Jack. Mr. and Mrs. J. H. Doane invited
the coterie to meet at their residence on Thurs
day evening, 23d inst.
SONS OF VERMONT.
That Popular Organization Gives a Highly
Successful Entertainment at Odd
Fellows' Hall.
The entertainment given by the Native Eons
oi Vermont at Odd Fellows' Hall last Friday
night was the regular monthly meeting, and
as usual drew a crowded house. The enter
tainment commenced with an overture by the
orchestra, and was as follows: Fancy dance,
Misses Edna and Margaret Honn; recitation,
"The Race for the Oaks" (J. J. Eakins), Miss
Clara E. Fisher; vocal duet, "Two Merry Girls,"
; Misses Edith and Jennie Graham of Los An
geles; recitation (selected), Hon. Julius Kahn
song. "Twilight Beils" (G. G. White), the Clara
Schumann Ladies' Quartet: Mrs. Pardee Reggs
Miss MonaTaubraan, Mrs. John J. Newbegin,
Miss Daisy Cressy. Then foyowed the comedy,
"Written in Sand." which was excellently ren
dered by the following cast: Frank Seaton,
Harry E. Lasaux; Fairfax Rendell, Fen ton P.
Foster; Tom Potts, Tom Irwin; Kate Shirley,
Miss Florence Gray ; Sister Winifred, Miss Lola
Meredith. Dancing was then inaugurated,
and continued until midnight, concluding a
most successful affair.
VARIED GATHERINGS.
Numerous Pleasant Family Entertainments
Given Dtrring the Becent Holiday
Season.
The members of the Twin Peaks Athletic
and Social Club gave a birthday surprise party
to their president, Mr. Louis Hancen, last
Saturday evening, at their beautiful clubrooms,
which were decorated with the holly branch
and other Christmas adornments. When Mr.
Ilnnsen entered the clubrooms he was indeed
wore than surprised at the hearty welcome his
unexpected guests gave to him, with their
shouts oi surprise, surprise! There were songs
and comic recitations and music by L. Hansen,
Miss Lottie A. Dwyer, W. French, Mr.--. J.
Muckie and many others. The remainder of
the evening was spent in dancing ana many
jolly games. At midnight the euests retired
to the beautifully decorated dining liall, where
a bountiful repast was curved and most heartily
enjoyed by all", after which the never-tiring
lijrlit fantastic was again tripped until the
dawning of the morn, when all left for their
homes with happy heart* and pleasant recol
lections ot theliu of January. Among th<<se
present ware: Louis Hansen, Idas T. FIeB,W.
French, Mlsr Lottie A. Dwyer, A. Bprenger
MiM Annie Haosen, T. Kenny, Miss Ada V.'
(ioerg, T. Hansen, Miss Anionia Fralum, A. E
Ball, Miss. l. i■• i; ..< t ; , Herbert Schroder, Miss
Lydia Sprenger, M.Biebrecnt, Henry Schroder
w. Brandanberry, J5. Brandauberry, Joseph
Berkeley, Henry Stieper, E. A. Wfceaton, Mrs.
John P. Dwyer, Mr. and Mrs. j. Mackie, Mr.
and Mr?. Hansen, Mr-. French, and .1. J. Mc-
LaugUlin.
The Mills Club gave a delightful toa last
Thursday afternoon at the home oi Mrs. J. C.
B. llebbard, nivi l>evisadero, street. An excel
lent programme wus rerjirered, including the
following numbers by several local nri.su:
I'iano solo, Miss Tharp: vocal solo. Miss M.
Klink; piano solo. Mi-- F.Schroth; vocal goto.
MlssD. Creasy; vocal solo, Mr. Wendell, lie
lri's-lnnenu were served during the interims
sions and enjoyed by all present.
One of the most eventful affairs in society
this week was the surprise party given to Mrs.
Kate Kinder at her residence, 34 Kissling
street, on her birthday last Wednesday, by
many of her friends. Hut the greatest surprise
to all who were present was the announcement
of the engagement of Mr. Fred Dankworih to
tin. Kinder. Among them were Mr. and Mrs.
G. Dankwerth, Mr. and Mrs. Charles Fuller,
Mr. and Mrs. A. O. (lurk, Mr. and Mrs. Frank
Huber, Mr. and .Mrs. She wren, Mr. and Mrs.
Bartels. Mrs. Kate Kinder, Mrs. Binder, Mrs.
Wall, Mrs. Schuliee, Mrs. Biggins, Mrs. Dobb
ner. Mrs. Harder, Miss Waker, Miss Aston, Mr.
F. Uankwerth, Mr. H. Dankwerth, Mr. Charles
Frey, Mr. Charles Binder. Mr. Fred Kracke.
A pleasant gathering was Riven by the mem
bers of the Immaculate Conception Sodality of
tn James Church in their hall, corner Twenty
third and Guerrero streetn, Monday evening,
January 6, 1896. The evening was spent in
singing and recitations. ReJreshments were
then served. The presiding officer was Master
Robert McCarthy. The hall was tastefully
decorated with ferns and evergreens Amon"
tho»» present were ih« Rev. Father* Lynch
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 12, 1896.
and O'Connor, the Misses Foote, Sullivan, T)e
Hernardi, Dowfl. Martin, Mahoney and Mr.
Foote, besides aboutjeighty or ninety oi the
members.
A very interesting reception was tendered
Miss Josephine Gassman, H. Coulter Brinker
and Charles Swain by the Theatrical Mechan
ic-' Association last Tuesday afternoon In the
rooms of the society in the Alcazar building.
The constitution of the order allows the lodge
to take in three actors as honorary members
each year. For the year 1896 Miss tiassman,
the clever and pretty soubrette at Grover'a Al
cazar, Mr. Bnnker, who playa the hero at the
tirand, and Mr. Swain, the comedian of the
Bame (neater, were chosen. They were initi
ated at a special meeting held Tuesday after
noon. Though Miss Gassman did not wear
bloomers, she rode the goat in just the same
way as the gentlemen and came out a full*
fledged T. M. A. Then a delightful informal
reception ensued. There was quite a little
banquet later. Speeches enraed in which
members of the order told how glad they were
to have the new members with them, and the
new members told them how gratified they
were at being there.
IN THE FUTURE.
ijonie Near Events Which Are Now Announced
as Likely to Engage Attention Soon.
It Is rumored that the Concordia Verein will
give a big affair in February, consisting of
theatricals, dancing, etc. It is not in shape to
announce as yet, out will probably be by the
'J;M inst. , at which time an informal reception
will be held in the parlors of the club.
Mrs. Robert Douglass Fry will entertain forty
friends at luncheon at her home, 2510 Pacific
avenue, on Tuesday next, in honor of her j
cousin, Miss Belle Grant, who.cc engagement ;
to the son of ex-Mayor Pond has been recently
announced,
Mrs. Theodore F. Payne has issued invita
tions for a luncheon, to take place on Monday I
at her home oil Sutter street. It will be a mar
ried ladies' affair, and is iooked forward to
with much interest.
The board of managers of the Society of the ;
Ban Francisco Nursery for Homeless children '
will hold their iinnuai meeting for the election
oi officers on Tuesday, the 14th inst., at the
rooms di the Nursery, ,"»70 Harrison street.
Mr. and Mrs. HToronosfcy will celebrate the
Bar Metzrah of iheir sou "Isaac at the Geary
street Temple Or February 1. The reception
will be held on the 2d oi February at the resi
dence, 1015 Larkin street.
••Trial by lury" will be given at the Macdon
ough Theater for the benefit Ol the First Pres
byterian Church on Friday, January 17. Some
prominent people will tak"e the pans.
PERSONALS.
Movements and Whereabouts of Prominent
People.
Mr. and Mrs. Russell J. Wilson, Miss Laura
McKinstry and Miss Dutton have arrived in
Washington, D. C.
Rudolph Xeuiuan and W. L. Gerstle will
leave for Canada and the Eastern States next
Wednesday, and will be away two months,
Miss Chapin returned from i-'an Mateo last
Saturday after a prolonged absence, and is re
biding at 712 Suiter Btreet.
Mrs. Charles Ray is passing the •••inter with
Mrs-.. Kay's mother at 122? Nineteenth street,
Washington, I). C.
Lir. Francis L. Bosnui has returned to his
home in Ross Valley after a year's absence in
the East.
Mr. and Mrs. \V. F. Bowers have rrtunu 1
from the East and are stopping at the Hotel
Pleasanton.
Colonel C. F. Crocker of this City and J. Sloat
Fassett of New York are visiting Whitelaw
Keid in Phoenix, Arizona.
Charles Webb Howard, who has been con
fined to his bed for three months through ill
ness, is now convalescent.
The Pope cottage at Belvedere has been pur
chased recently by Joseph Powning, and he is
fitting it up for his summer residence, besides
adding several new rooms. The house ii pret
tily situated near the water's edge and has ex
cellent boating and swimming facilities,
which pleasures both Mr. Powning and his
son Will Powning, who will live with him,
propose to enjoy.
Mr. and Mrs. Edward Rothchild of Portland,
Or., are visiting Mr. and Mrs. Louis Meyerstein
at their home on Van Ness avenue. They
will continue their travels in tne southern
part of the State before returning to their home
in Oregon.
Mr. and Mrs. Louis Sehwabacher are domi
ciled at the Palace pending the extensive
alterations in their Clay-street residence,
Which is to be ready for occupancy in three
weeks. Mr. and Mrs. Schwabacher have re
cently made a trip-to Europe.
Dr. Robert Eugene Payne, who has been
absent from the coast the past three years in
New York and Chicago, returned during the
holidays and will remain permanently with R
W. Payne, at £826 California street.
Mrs.'and Miss Amy Requa are now In Wash
ington, I). C. They were among the guests at
Mrs. Brice's reception on New Year's eve.which
was given in honor of James Brice's twenty-first
birthday.
11. L. Warren and Paul R. Mabury ol San
Jose arc registered at Paso Robles.
William Corbett of San Mateo is spending a
few weeks at Paso Robles.
CABLE-CAR ACCIDENT.
Little Blanche Lyons Narrowly Escapes
Heine Crushed to Death by a
McAlligter-Street Car.
Elanche Lyons. 4}£ years of age, the
daughter of A. J. Lyons of 919 McAllister
street, had a narrow escape from being
•crushed to death by a cable-car last even-
ing.
The little pirl was riding .on a b'cycle on
the opposite side of the street shortly be
fore G o'clock, when her mother came out
on the porch. Blanche had apparently
started to cross the street to join her
mother and got in front of car 2U2.
She was knocked down and fell in front
of the car. Mrs. Lyons was frantic with
grief, as she expected to see her little
daughter's mangled corpse. The car* had
shoved her along for a few feet before it
was stopped, and when the conductor bent
down to drag her out he found her
I jammed against the fender. She was
i alive and was carried into her father's
house.
Dr. Janes was summoned and he found
that her right leg was broken in three
places, twice below the knee and once
above. The little h" nger of her right hand
was hanging by shreds and it was ampu
tated. The broken bones of ttie leg were
set, and unless she has suffered internal
injuries, which will not bfe known for two
or three days yet, she will recover.
Neither the conductor nor gripman, nor
any representative of the Market-street
Cable Company, called at the house to as
certain whether the little girl was dead or
alive.
DOUBTFUL OF CLEVELAND
Attorney Evans Sees a Sinister
Side to the Venezuelan
Affair.
BRITISH INTERESTS SERVED.
Arbitration, Says the President's Critic,
Is the Very Thing England
Will Want.
Attorney J. F. Evans is inclined to view
the attitude of the Cleveland administra
tion on the Venezuelan question with a
very critical eye.
He has had a great deal of experience
upon international questions on this conti
nent. During the Pan-American Congress,
which the brilliant statesman from Maine,
James G. Blame, succeeded in bringing
about as a masterstroke of Republican
policy, Mr. Evans was secretary to the
commercial committees of that notable
gathering. It was largely due to his ex
haustive report on the Blaine- Romero
commercial treaty between this country
and Mexico that the treaty was found alto
tether defective from the standpoint of
the United States. Besides these connec
tions with' Pan-American affairs, Mr.
Evans devoted twenty-eight years of his
life to service in the Treasury Department.
The manner in which Mr. Evans dis
cusses the administration's use of the
Monroe doctrine and the demand of Secre
tary Olney for arbitration, and incident
ally the effect of the President's message,
he thinks, will open the eyes of the Repub
licans to a possible sinister side of the
Cleveland-Olney policy. In short, Mr.
Evans is of the opinion that Grover Cleve
land is, after all, simply endeavoring to
make this country play tail to the British
kite, for it is his belief, as he views the re
cent reports from London, that arbitra
tion, under the circumstances, would much
better serve British interests than Amer
ica's, and that England will be only too
willing to arbitrate, when once her eyes
are opened to her advantage. The position
taken by Mr. Evans is best stated in his
own words of yesterday, as follows:
Though the discussion by public men and
the press of the Monroe doctrine proceeds
without abatement of Interest or any indica
tion of cessation, yet so far one solution oi»ly
has been suggested as a means of healing the
pending rupture between this country and
1 Great Britain and that is the submission of ihe
j matter in dispute to international arbitration.
This was the position taken by our Govern
| ment in its state papers in the earlier discus
sion of the subject. It is the position assumed
by Mr. Norman, the British agent recently sent
to Washington as a correspondent of the Lon
! don Chronicle. It is the position of the Amer
ican press generally, of Senators Sherman.
Lodge and other statesmen to whom the people
: naturally look for guidance in the hour of dan
| ger or distiess.
To a person not specially trained in diplo
matic intrigue it is difficult to comprehend the
reasoning on this all-important and engross
ing subject or to agree in the conclusion BO
generally expressed. I have read the tervent
utterance of Senator Lodge that the. Monroe
doctrine is not founded upon international
law, but like the Declaration of Independence
is our American doctrine. i '• •-.
It is undoubtedly true that the Monroe doc
trine is peculiarly an American doctrine, and
to this fact is to be attributed the stirring effect
: of the epigram of the gifted Senator, but it does
| not follow that the doctrine does not rest upon,
■ sound principles of international law.
Whatever obscurities of definition, whatever
'■ conflict of opinion of publicists and other
authorities may exist as to the purposes, func
tion und scope of international law, there is
one maxim which is clear and distinct and
upon which all agree, and that is, "A nation
by virtue of its sovereignty has a right to
| maintain its own existence and integrity."
The jurisdiction - of a state or nation over
i foreign vessels within its own ports or harbors,
or upon the high seas— the marine league, or
cannon-shot distance— and its revenue jurisdic
tion for even a greater distance upon the high
seas, (ire founded upon this principle.
If it be true that the extension of European
territorial limits upon this continent would be
a menace and danger to this Nation, it is our.
\ sovereign duty to guard against it, and this
right is founded upon international law. It is
i not only like the Declaration ot Independence,
but ft part of it, giving significance and effect
to its words.
The patriotic manifestations of the last few
days leave no room for doubt that the prin
ciple involved and the occasion for Invoking
H are thoroughly understood and indorsed by
the people of the United States.
It may be doubted whether the executive of
fices of the Nation have a better appreciation
of the doctrine than the people generally, ii
the manner of presenting the subject is taken
as a test of comparison.
I allude to the proposition of this Govern
ment made to Great Britain to submit the
subject matter of a quarrel between the two
nations, involving tlie enforcement of the Mon
roe doctrine, to a committee composed of the
representatives oi three other nations for set
tlement.
We are given to understand that a demand
has been made iv the name of the Monroe
doctrine upon Kngiana to arbitrate her diffi
culty with Venezuela, and that the demand
has been snoeringly relumed.
It is therefore to be topically inferred that if
the proposition of t lie Government hid been
accepted the inattfr would have there ended,
Monroe doctrine, Ivclaration of Independence
and all connected with it to the contrary.
In line, her Britannic Majesty In conjunction
with Venezuela [who up to this time has never
evinced a very lively interest in tho Monroe
doctrine) would have proceeded to organize
the commission. England would most cer
tainly select as her member a representative of
a European Prince; Venezuela, a representa
tive of come one of the American republics,
and they two would have to unite in a third
member— in all probability a representative of
a European nation.
The United States is not a party to this
record. She has no voice in the (selection of
arbitrators, nor right to be hearti before tnem
■when selected. In fact she would have notn
ing to do in the matter but look on. Yet to
6uch gracious hands as they has our Govern
ment proposed to entrust ourprecious doctrine
of Monroe.
The award of the arbitrators— probably ad
verse to Venezuela, resulting from honest mis
take of fact or collusion of the parties, or
natural resentment against the authority of
the members of the commission as to our own
American doctrine— ls to be final, absolutely
final, because of our own urgent request to
arbitrate, accompanied by threats to shoot for
non-compliance. In such manner it was pro
posed that a few respectable gentlemen should
be permitted to attend to the matter of pre
venting the extension of British dominion on
the American continent in the name of the
Monroe doctrine.
To the ordinary mind the Monroe doctrine is
a solid wall against just such extension as
claimed by Great Britain by any mode what
ever, whether by conquest, treaty, purchase or
arbitration, or what not. If it does not mean
this it means nothing. It is a mere brutum
fulmen, or nothing more than a loud but
harmless voice, and should be abandoned and
the further discussion of the Monroe doctrine
stopped. It is a declaration against a further
acquisition by monarchical governmentsof ter
ritory on this continent, and can no more be
inado the subject, matter 01 arbitration than
the truth of the ten commandments, an axiom
in geometry or any other self-evident proposi
tion.
Under this doctrine Venezuela is safe from
Invasion by the armies of Europe. Under it
she would promptly be invaded by our own
armies if she should even by treaty or arbitra
tion surrender one foot of rightful soil to any
Kuropean power no matter what compensating
advantages such treaty or award gave her. In
each instance the menace and danger to this
Nation are the same, and the wail should be
impregnable at all points.
It is surprising that the President and the
Secretary of .State, who seem to be fully im
bued with the gravity of the situation, should
have proffered no broad a stairway as arbitra
tion to England of all the nations of the world
to surmount and destroy our American doc
trine.
It is our good fortune that thus far she seems
to have Leon blind to her opportunity. The
present danger is that she will suddenly
awnken and open her eves and take it to her
embrace. Indeed The indications now all point
this way. It is not pleasant to forecast the em
barrassments and complications which would
ensue.
But consideration of them may be nostponed
to the event. Meanwhile the President, with
the assistance of Congress, is doing what ought
to have been done without forewarning Eng
land, namely: try to ascertain the facts re
specting the true and actual boundaries of
England's territorial possessions. That done
the patriotism and intelligence'of our citizens
may be depended upon to keep them as we de
termine them for ourselves, without resort to
arbitration, or proposal for arbitration, for a
proposal to arbitrate, should never have been
made and must not be resorted to it' the doc
trine of Monroe is to be respected and main
tained and treated as meaning more than a
mere obtrusive interference in the affairs of
other Governments.
HEAVY LEGAL TALENT.
Henry N. Clement and Tfenben H.
Lloyd Engaged in a Suit for
Less Than SIOO.
Some heavy legal talent Was engaged in
an apparently unimportant case in Justice
of the Peace Barry's court yesterday.
Jeremiah Lynch is the owner of the prop
erty at 1110 Market street and a few months
ago rented it to tenants, who, in turn,
sublet the basement to Kohlberg, Strauss
& Frohman. Mr. Lynch did not learn of
the transaction for some time ur that
some slittht alterations had been made in
the basement. When he did his anger
was great and he demanded $G0 for one
month's rent from the firm, as well as
damages to the extent of $25.
Neither beincr forthcoming he sued for
$85, Henry N. Clement being his attorney.
Reuben H. Lloyd appeared for the de
fense, and for a while the legal battle
raged as though the amount at issue was
thousands instead of less than $100. Jus
tice Barry pave judgment for the aefense,
as the relation of landlord and tenant was
not established between Mr. Lynch and
the iirm.
UNION LEAGUE ELECTION
Colonel Stone Up for President
Instead of General
Dimond.
The Fight for the Secretaryship Be
tween George H. Pippy and
John J. Wirtner.
The merry war in the Union League
Club goes bravely on, and if, as clubmen
say. contests are good things for clubs the
habitues of the comfortable quarters in
the Palace Hotel have a very good thing.
In consequence of General Dimoud's de
termination to withdraw from the candi
dacy for a directorship and the presidency
against General Friedrich, the nominating
committee met again yesterday at noon to
choose a substitute. They named Colonel
George Stone, called in their original
ticket and had. a new set printed. Colonel
Stone, who is one of the leading lights of
the club, is understood to be the candi
date for the presidency as against General
Friedrich ot the members' ticket. He is
president of the People's Home Savings
Bunk and is interested with the McMutries
in raiiroad contracts on the Coast line be
tween San Luis Obispo and Santa Barbara.
"It is a good thing for the club to have
these little contests." said Paris Kilburr.
yesterday. "The only man who seems to
object to it is Dan Cole over there, who
goes about Baying 'Let's have harmony.'
Probably I would do that, too, if I were a
candidate and on all the tickets as be is."
The election which takes place on
Tuesday will probably bring out the
largest vote ever cast in the club. The
clnbrooms are nearly as lively as they are
on the eve of a National election "with
the members who are electioneering for
their favorites.
On the principle that there cannot ba
too much of a good thing there were
movements on foot Jast evening to put up
a couple more tickets, and they may be
ported to-day.
Next in interest to the fight between
General Friedrich and Colonel Stone for
the presidency is the contest over the
secretaryship between George H. Pippy,
the incumbent, and John J. Winner. It
is understood that if the Friedrich ticket
wins Wirtner will be chosen, while Pippy
is the choice of the supporters of Colonel
Stone.
NEW TO-DAY-DRY GOODS.
107-109 *?f^r IT 1220-1222-1224
POST STREET, «*r ** ,:„ ™ ET STREET
KOHLBERQ, STRAUSS & FROHMAN.
The January Clearance Sale Con=
a • Every Stock lias been carefully looked over and all lonesome articles, the
T I lI IJ C _ kind 'where there is only one pattern, or half a dozen colors, or just a few
.luiuv-'i sizes left, have been marked at cost— or lower. All Winter goods are
priced for those who buy the best for the least, the ones who wait for the annual sales. Here
are just a few of the many bargains.
y«SC oIIKS This season's styles. .
■fry** -jCJr Every piece perfect.
JACQCAIU) "WOVEN' SILKS, Taffeta finish,
20 inches wide, dots, stripes, tiny checks, small
figures, 20 patterns and color. effects; reduced
from tOe and 75c to 35c Vail.
DreSS OUR Short Lengths.
Remnants Broken rI <™°'
Waist Lengths, Dress Lengths, single pieces of a
kind, a few colors, may be; lots of B nice
pieces for fancy work, trimmings, etc. ; till re-
luccd at least one-third from former price.
RTnrLr OctrSrh Real Ostrich
DiaCK UStnCn Feathers-Fine
Feather Boas. qnaliiy '
$4 50 Boas, 45 Inches long; not "skimpy," but
plenty of nice curly feathers, now 0n1y. .g(2. 75
$3 Boas, 21 inches long, that tie at the throat
with line black satin ribbons, first quality, and
now only 4 $1.00
Wonderful Brand Kew Goods
VV UIIUCI IUI one-third of regu-
Lace Selling. lai ' prices -
Fine quality Black Van Dyke, all silk Irish
Point Lace, in exquisite patterns, for neckwear,
cloak mid dress trimmings —
0 inches wide, was $2, n0w;... /..... 750
& inches wide, was $3, n0w...... .31.00
!
Fine quality Cream Irisb l'oiat Laces, newest,
daintiest effects.
2 inches Wide was 40c, now...'. .30c
5 inches wide was Si, now .....50c
Black Silk Bourdon Lace, elaborate
on pretty net— you know the kind.
50c grade, 4Vi inches, now 25c
40c grade, 4Va Inches, now 20c
75c grade, 11 inches, n0w...... 400 ,
$1.25 grade, 9 inches," n0w.. ......;
V ■ _____
Cream and Black Laces of all kinds cut In
same proportion as above. Broken sets go
cheap, sometimes only one width leu;
again two widths. Don't miss this great
luce chance.
Dress All 1595 styles
Trimmings. reducedone - h^/- :
The kinds that were 40c to $2.00 a yard, now
-■•.marked ......SOc to »1.00
ARMORIES FOR THE GUARD
The Move of the Third From
Golden Gate Avenue to
Market Street.
DISSATISFACTION ALL AROUND.
What Would Happen in the Event of
a Draft Being Required— Recent
General Orders.
The stragetic move of the three com
panies of the former Third Regiment from
their armory on Golden Gate avenue to
the Market-street armory will bring the
armory question to a focus. The issuance
of regimental order No. 3, dated January
9, after the companies had moved to the
Market-street armory, directs and orders
the commanding officers of these com
panies to move all military property, etc.,
to the Page-street armory before Febru
ary 1, and appears to have been issued
with the view that they were located on
Golden Gate avenue at the time, although
it was known to the acting adjutant that
these companies had moved all their mili
tary property on the Bth, a day before the
order was issued;
It is well known that the companies
commanded by Captains Cunningham and
Miller had completed their arrangements
to move Irom the Page-street armory to
the Ellis-street armory, and the presump
tion is that Captain Cunningham being
the acting adjutant of the regiment
Colonel Mucdonald must have been aware
of this, both by reason of the official con
nection of the colonel and the acting ad
jutant and their intimacy.
Captains Connolly, Fitzpatrick and War
ren claim that they moved under orders
from Lieutenant-Colonel Smith, who was
then in command of their battalion, issued
early in December, and ask that having
complied therewith, why they should
aeain be required to move to the Pace
street armory, and naturally ask why
they should be the only ones ordered to
move under Regimental Orders No. 3, and
that it could not have Deen for the purpose
of concentration when the contemplated
removal of the companies commanded by
Captains Cunningham and Miller is taken
into consideration.
The entire subject will undoubtedly bo
brought to the attention of the board of
location, who, to settle a matter which ap
parently must lead to interminable dis
cord, will order the concentration of the
entire command under one roof.
While more than a month has elapsed
since it was decided to reduce the force,
great dissatisfaction still exists, particu
larly among the older members of the
guard, at the manner in which these con
solidations were made and the apparent
discrimination against the older com
panies. Numbers of the men transferred
to tho several companies are applying for
their discharges, declining to serve in the
companies to which they have been trans
ferred.
It is apparent from the locality of the
companies permitted to remain in the
service that no consideration was paid to
that portion of section 1912 of the Po'itical
Code which requires that the companies
i "must be located throughout the State
with reference to the military wants
thereof, means of concentration and other
j military requirements." Many, therefore,
j contend that if it was necessary to reduce
the number of companies on account
of the inadequacy of the appropria
tion, the ax should have fallen
on the younger companies, particularly
Evening Charming Material.
Dresses. Big Reductions.
Tinsel Gauze Draperies. 45 Inches wide, cream
blue, lavender, cardinal, maize, pink, black and
white, usually $1, now only 65c Yard
A Ribbon if Whtmyour
Special. color Wsa snap.
Satin, Gros Grain, Caahmere and Moire Rib-
bons, 3, 4 and 6 inclies wide, color assortment
broken, May have just th» one you want
Tin y are worth 25c to 600 a yard. All marked
now ; 15c Yard
Fine Swiss KewGoodSt
Embroideries, jya '/ «-
GUIPURE i EMBROIDERIES, SO new 1896 pat-
terns, 1-inch work on 3-inch bands, 6 y ard
pieces, worth OOc, marked. . . . . . . .„. 3O C piece
GUIPURE EMBROIDERIES, just received SO
patterns, close or open work 2 inches wide on
ft-lnch band of lawn, 6-yard pieces/ worth '20,
• 60c piec«
FIXE SWISS EMBROIDERIES, ne w open work
to 10 inches wide for skirts. . . . 25c ykrd
Others at sc, 10c, 12V 3 c, 15c, 35c, 50c.
Gobelin v ****** *a»ttu,
wt.»* F Mmdows, Mantels,
Drapery, co^es,, cushions.
" *••*• * 30c Yard
• . ■
T* -4- ,-i
T» "' Ci '•■•'/-»■ Who can Match
1 a Die* Lovers. These Valuesf
••• Now 400
EM OII>EEEI> DUCK TABLE-COVERS SB
! upon many of the ten companies who
were mustered into the service sin.
all except one being in the interior of the
State, and not upon such coin;
whose long and faithful service entitles
them to more consideration. By the pro
visions of General Order No. 17 of the
twelve companies consolidated, or mus
tered out, but three of them were organ
ized during 1893, viz.- Companies D and
H, Second Infantry, and Company G,
Eightu infantry, the other nine companies
dating their organization for many years
prior thereto, notably Company D, First
Infantry, organized June 15, 18«1; Com
pany H, Second Artillery, August 7.
Company I), Second Artillery, May 28,
18t)8— each of these companies being in fair
condition at the t :.'n<>.
Particularly is this feeline among the
members of "the Second Brigade in this
City, the brigade having lost nine com
panies since June 1, while the First Brig
ade has practically lost none and the
Third Brigade but six. These losses ap
pear more prominent when the population
of the several brigade limits is taken into
consideration. Taking the vote of the
State at the last election, the I 4 irst Brig
ade, with fifteen companies, has one com
pany to 4073 voters, while the Second
Brigade has twenty-five companies, being
one company to 5079 voters. Under that
ratio the Second Brigade limits should
have thirty-one companies instead of
twenty-five. To illustrate: In case of a
draft being ordered, using the voting cop
ulation as a basis, the limits of the Second
Brigade would be required to furnish
double the number of men called for from
the limits of the First Brigade.
WILL CONNECT FORMOSA.
A Cable to Be Laid From Southern
Japan to the Captured
Island.
Engineer Mino and Others Now Here
En Route to London to Board
the Cable-Ship.
Among the arrivals here yesterday on
the Peru were six Japanese who are bound
to London to boartl a ship for the purpose
of laying a cable between Kagoshinia, in
Southern Japan, and the newly acquired
island of Formosa.
The ship they will board is the Okinawa,
lately built at Glasgow for the especial pur
pose of laying the cable. It ha* the cable
aboard, besides all the requisite machinery
for laying it in the bed of the ocean.
The Japanese gentlemen alluded to are
all at the Occidental. Among: them is K.
Mino, ttie chief engineer, and Y. Okami,
second engineer. Tin y told about the
cabie project last night.
"The cable will by between 500 and 600
miles in length," said Chief Engineer
Mino, "and will be laid at a depth, for
most of the way, of aoout three miles.
It will cost a large sum of money.
"The reason we want it is to connect us
more closely with Formosa, our newly ac
quired possession. The war is now over
there, we having conquered the Black Flac
people. We will be about three months in
completing the laying of the cable. One
of our vessels, with eighty-six men aboard,
left Yokohama some time since, to assist
in laying the cable."
They will s.tart for New York and Lon
don to-morrow. Several other prominent
Japanese arrived with them. Viscount
Taniura is one of them. He is to enter
the United States Nnva! Academy at An
napo'is by courtesy of the United States.
Mr. Segawa, who isalonj:, will enter the
Japanese consular oiiice here.
Some one declares that "the method of
conveyance of Irish cattle across the Irish
channel is a disgrace to the nineteenth
century."
NEW TO-DAY.
THE NEW YEAR
Brings Sew Goods
AND NEW PRICES'
I
Genuine- Imported Macaroni
or Vermicelli, Mb, Dad- <ffj n
ages lUb
Fancy Creamery Butter, pcr'Jfl A
roll .".... 4uC
Eastern Sugar-cured Hams, 40a
per pound — tub
Melange Preserves, quart Qfln
jars, formerly 50c, now. . ZUu
New Pack Table Apricots, 4 fin
2 1-2 lb. can 5 .......... lUC
Choice French Prunes, new En
crop, perlb.... J(i
lew Crop Beans— Pea, Pink 0C n
or Bayos— lo lbs. for... Z3U
Burkes Irish or Scotch Qc ft
Whisky, per bottle uOb
Crosse & Blackwell's Pickles, Qc n
elsewhere 85c, our price. ZOb
MONTHLY CATALOGUE SEST
FREE EVERYWHERE.
Wholesale and Retail Grocer,
949-95 I
MARKET STREET.
Between Fifth and Sixth.A ROBBERY
ON THE
MIDDLE TOWN
GRADE.
tT WAS about 9 o'clock of a fine spring
morning that three highwaymen,
masked and armed, while lying in wait
■ Middle town stage, were discon-
certed to observe a lad leisurely de
scending the grade afoot, his arms
;ing in a wide arc with his
long- reaching legs and his throat giv
ing loud voice to the joy with
•which the gladness of the morning tilled
ml. For the stage was nearly due from
: posite direction, and they feared t'.iat
tl c unwitting intruder would be too near
the critical moment, even though,
should he Keep on, he would be far pits t
pot where tho s:a::e was to be stopped.
■ing would have to be done. The
of ritles in the still mountain air
. carry far, a:i<i a sound like that gives
ivitation and speed to the legs of a
•he distance of his first appearance
emed an ordinary green mountain
: '.hereabout, an innocent yo^el,
rnely loose-jointed, shabbily dressed
yes, and was varying his
unmelodious singing with talking and
in the utter abandon of a sense
of solitude. Only one of the three men
■ to crawl out and peer at him
through the bushes, and that was the
which he made to the others. This
was a short, wiry, nervous young
man, called by his companions Jim. An
other of the man was younger still, very
tall, and in manner constrained and ap
osive, as though this might have
been hi* first experience of the kind; he
was addressed an Dick. The third, whom
the merest glance would have revealed as
the leader, was of middle ace and medium
Mze, coo!, suong and patient, suggesting a
. him the others called Tom.
<>n came the youth down the grade, un- I
conscious of the terrible dangers into
which he might be walking and which |
were so iiercely out of harmony with the
Splendors of the day. It was such a sprint;
morning as the coast mountains of Cali
i give birth to and riot in. The dainty
perfume of tiie wild lilac strove for mas- ;
terv w:th the bold fragrance of the ceano- ;
thus. Panicles of white blossoms of the i
wild grape hung from tall trees which the
bad taken for a ladder to the sun- i
phine and sky. From out the depth of a!
luxuriant tangle of foliage which rilled the
canyon on the lower side of the grade rose
the tinkling babble of a mountain stream,
■ the upper side of the grade sprang ;
a steep wooded slope, which, rolling away
i:i undulations of constantly increasing
■ anally merged into the proper base <
of grim bt. Helena, the steely blue of i
oald and forbidding summit gleamed \
coldly in the distance through the trees.
the boy approached the wine of the |
morning worked with increasing vigor in !
:. s veins; and then, by one of those pro- j
of perversity whose secrete no hu- |
man mind can ; the intoxication
Eeemed to overcome him ; for at a spot in
the road exactly opposite the hiding-place
of the robbers he stopped, stretched him
self with a perilous approach to gei.eral
dislocation, yawned in a perfect luxury of
tdeand began a most extraordinary '
series of speeches, songs and physical evo- !
iutions.
The three men were concealed behind a
ich lay parallel with the road a short
. ;>ce from its lower side. Far away
down the grade the shouts and whip
crackings of the stage-driver were already
audible as he urged the tugj
slowly up the grade. The robbers had
knowledge of an uncommon amount of
ore in the expres>-box. and the sim
ple accident of a country boy happening
:it this t;me of all others was not to
be permitted to dash their bright pros
pects to the groun 1.
Ail that passed in the minds of the
crouching men as they ground their teeth
and inwardly ctu-aed need not be enlarged
upon here. Whether to seize, bind and
gag the iad and drag him into the woods
till the deed was done, or to slip a knife
quietly between his ribs where lie stood
and drop his body on the lower side of the
log, or to force him to assist in the enter
prise — doubtless all these matters were
considered. More than likely the free
young life would have been let out in
preference to ail other plans had not the
a-ader made an extraordinary discovery
ami taken an unexpected course.
AVLile his companions were fintrering
their knives impatiently the man called
Tom wa« regarding the lad with a calm
and piercing scrutiny.
'KJodP' tie exclaimed, "the boy's an
idiot."
"Well, Til bed !" replied the short,
nervous man called Jim. "That makes it
I'M slit his windpipe and "
Jim was m the act of springing forward
to carry out his purpose, when the leader
caught his arm in an iron grip, and hold
in/ him thus, as a cat would a mou.-e, he
iuid. with awe in his throat :
"No man that ever murdered an idiot
since the world was born has stepped out
of this Jife with his boots off!"
The awe of riis manner and the firmness
of it suppressed the nervous Jim at once
and sent a slight shiver through the slender
frame of Dick. "I'll attend to the boy,"
addeu Tom. This was simply because the
boy might prove less dangerous as an
acquaintance than as a possibly intruding
■trail
\\ ith that Tom stepped boldly into the |
road, masked and armed as he was, and
directly approaches the lad.
"Hello, my son," said he in a^ cherry
voice, "don't you want bo me fan?"
The kid turned with a quick start, and
fear appeared in his dull face. His scant;
chin dropped, his mouth opened, his eyes
re^urded the formidable apparition with a
peculiar luster, and every muscle in his
body was on & strain for instant exercise
in night. But the stranger's voice was so
round and friendly and his manner so free
and hearty and masterful that, despite a
forbidding outward aspect, the lad was |
drawn under his power. As the man con- ;
tinned to talk in his simple, straight
forward, friendly way the tension of the
lad's muscles gradually relaxed, the wild
look in his eyes softened, his weak chin
rose \f> its higher function, and finally a
sni'le came over his face. Then he cave
forth the vacant, coarse, mirthless laugh
of his kind.
Tom hail been telling him about the great
fun which he and his friends weregoin ■ to
have. The stage was comine up the grade;
they were going to jump out into the road,
throw up their rifles and point them, so;
tho driver would pull up his horses; the
| rifles would be tired just to make the fun
; ail the better: the driver would throw
, down a box and then go on his way — oh, it
would by the greatest fun in the world!
The picture was most alluring to the
boy, albeit several repetitions of it were re
quired before he could fully grasp its
' meaning. When he finally did, after in
terrupting its recital a number of times
with vacant laughter and wild ejacula
tions, he became greatly excited and
entered heartily into the spirit of the en
terprise.
•■l'frh, huh!" he cried. "I like that.
Heap o' fun! Huh, huh, huh ! Shoot the
gun — bang! Wow, how, howl"
'■Ail right, then," saui Tom. "Here
comes the stage. Take this" (handing him
a stick); "it is your gun. You point it
when we point ours; you shoot when we
shoot. What's your name?"
"Luny," slabbered the boy over his thick
Tom drew him into the thicket where
the others were concealed. For a moment
the boy seemed apprehensive when brought
into the presence of Jim and Dick, but
they took up the cue given by Tom, and
with kind and reassuring words welcomed
tte lioy and made him feel at ease.
Th€ stage clowly climbed the grade, the
horses laboring heavily and snorting at
intervals. The driver, all unsuspecting,
urged them forward with word and wnip
crack. Suddenly four forms leaped into
t:f- road at bis horses' heads; one seized
a bridle, and two others, one on either side,
held the driver covered with rifles, while
a fourth, shambling about with great un
certainty, brandished a stick which ho
carried, made feints of shooting with it,
and laughed and crowed delightedly.
with the demand to throw down the box
came a shot from one of the robbers. The
driver dropped the lines and sat pale,
silent and distressed. A woman's scream
Sed from the interior of t.:e stage, and it
answered with a raking volley and a
mand to keep heads within" or get
them blown to eternal torment.
The box soon fell with a heavy thump
«the road. To provide against the pos
ity of a trick the passengers were or
i out, stood in line, searched and
fd, and the interior and boot of the
stage were examined. Then the passen
gers were ordered back and the driver
P:ted sharply to proceed on his way.
soon as the stage was gone the rob
dragged the box over the log and
c it open with an ax. The treasure
h they expected to rind was all
:— bags of gold and silver coin. Still
ng a triok, they opened the bags and
their linger^ through the gaining
metal; it was sound and beautiful and the
sweetest music rang in its tinkle. They
hastily tied up the. parcels and prepared to
pick up their rifles and escape into the
forest which filled the canyon and
blanketed the mountain slopes, and find
waiting horses tethered in a gulch not far
away.
But an unexpected thing had happened.
They had given no heed whatever to the
idiot boy, who was dancing and capering
about in the linpst glee. Discovering that
his mock weapon was inferior in beauty to
the polished rifles of his new friends, he
had appropriated the one belonging to
Dick, ihe tail young novice. More tl:an
THE SAN FRANCTSCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 12, 1896.
that, the boy had seen the sheen and
heard the tinkle of the ruoney, and it is
bred in human bones to love the beauty
and music of it. So when the robbers
sprang for their rifles they were dismayed
to tind the boy in possession of one. An
effort on the owner's part to snatch it from
the lad's hands only made the idiot leap
backward with Hashing eyes and bring the
weapon menacingly toward his shoulder.
Tom tried his old tactics of -wheedling
and play, but something in the boy had
gone awry — the excitement and turmoil,
the tiring of the rifles, the sheen and music !
of the coin and the possession o" a bright,
strong gun that felt heavy and substan
tial in his hands, had given his unor
ganized wits a distorted activity and tilled !
his blood with lire; and all that was what
wiser men than these might have ex
pected.
Tom's decision and action were prompt.
"Let the fool keep tiie gun," he mut
tered. "We must hurry."
THE BANDIT AND THE IDIOT FACE TO FACE.
They sprang forward with the money
and two rifles, but an uncanny cry behind
them made ttsem pause and look back.
The idiot was now terribly excited anil
was pursuing them. When they halted
he also came to a stand, and with a threat
in the holding of his rifle shouted:
"Money! I want money! Drop it. I
want it."
The case was serious, for every moment
was precious and there was a law that
made highway robbery a hanging crime.
.Jim, the mercurial one, ignoring the warn
ing and authority of his leader, dropped
his load of money and was in the act of
bringing up his rifio to shoot the lad, when
the incredible happened — his quicker an
tagonist disarmed him with a bullet in the
shoulder.
The three desperate men now realized
that they had an enemy more formidable
than the bravest order "of cautions sanity —
that most uncommon and terrible of
things, the angry madness of an idiot;
and every moment lost meant the nearer
approach of baying bloodhounds of the
law, with sharp eyes and noses and with
teeth that could inflict a fatal bite 500 yards
away.
Jim was not badly hurt. It was only a
slight flesh wound, but it gnawed him
with bitter pangs. Each of the three men
knew that the slightest movement to shoot
would be anticipated with a shot, and as
all were amazed to discover that the lad
could shoot at all and were ignorant of the
extent of his skill, to offer open battle
meant the probable death of one. And
they clearly saw that the idiot had an in
stinct of self-preservation. Worst of all,
he was absolutely devoid of fear; the gold
wine in his blood had made him lierce
and terrible. It was not a human beimr
that confronted them, but a ferocious
beast whose instinctive cunning was made
more potent by that substratum of the
human quality in which cunnine predom
inates.
Tom was a man of resources, but for a
while he was perplexed by the extra
ordinary character of the situation.
"Boys," said ho, "it's no use to fight.
The devil is in that grinning fool and he
has the drop on us. No more breaks like
| the one you made, Jim. Guns are useless
j here. Leave this case to me. Say, Luny,"
j called Tom, "what are you shooting for?
You want money? Plenty money. See!"
He held aloft the heavy bag which he car
ried and slowly poured its contents on the
I ground, whither the coins fell in aglistenine
stream, giving clattering evidence of their
impact. The boy laughed aloud and
moved to and fro with the stealth and soft-
I ness of a leopard.
"You, too, pour out!" he shouted to Jim
and Dick.
Rueful and wondering they complied,
after the leader had commanded them so
to do.
"Here it is, Luny," called the leader
"Come and it. We are going away.
Good-by, Limy. You're a good boy. I
want to play with you to-morrow."
The men then started to saunter indiffer
ently away, Torn and Jim taking their
rifles; but no.
"Drop 'era!" demanded the idiot. "I
want {runs."
"Let's ri r op 'em," said Tom under his
breath. "We have our knives left, and the
fool holds the drop on us."
They laid the rifles alongside the money,
and with jolly laughter and amusing
antics — an exercise led by Tom — they went
trippine away, the boy guffawing heartily
at their pranks. The men melted away
into the woods, and the idiot advanced,
alert and cautiou3 and carrying his rifle
ready ior action.
Thus he crept to the pile of money. His
slavering lips and retreating chin twitched
and writhed under the highest excitement
of which he was capable, and his eyes,
while s'.iil darting suspicious glances in
the direction of the spot where the men
had passed from view, were nevertheless
blazing with a greed for money.
'"Boys," said Tom when they had gone
beyond the idiot's hearing, "there are
only two thing? left. In a few minutes the
stage will reach the summit station, where
there is a telephone, and immediately
afterward hunting parties will leave every
town in the mountains within a radius of
twenty miles. It must be quick and des
perate work now, or everything is lost.
The two things that are left for us are
these: As we have nothing to shoot with
we must either slip round, get above the
fool and roll down a bowlder on him, and
take slim chances on its striking him, or
one of us must creep up and give him the
knife."
"And kill him?" asked Dick, the young
est man, in alarm.
"Nol quickly exclaimed the leader.
"Cripple Sim; if not with a knife, then
with a club; but a knife is better, because
to use a club you'll have to get arm-free
dom and so make a noise."
There was a touch of the ludicrous in the
helpless look of the two younger men, but
the face of the elder was dark and serious
and malignant.
"I'll atiend to the boy," he quietly said.
Ihe idiot was sitting on the ground, the
i across his legs and his hands engaged
laving in the beautiful pile of metal
\een his feet. He chuckled, gurgled,
>ned and crowed, and shouted a^ limes
, simple riot of pleasurable emotions,
dually his wariness relaxed, and with
übsidence of the turmoil which had
kept his blood boiling came a more pas
sive mood and that desire for repose which
lety creates.
';e robbers had discovered the prudence
ike away the sacks which had held the
i, but the idiot, moved by that instinct
cquiaition which represented his herit
age of the ages, began to stow the treas
ure in his pockets. In order to do this he
had to sacrilice some of the queer odds and
ends which he had assemble-i there— such
as dtriims, bright stones, naiis and wild
nuts. This brought a struggle upon him.
Painfully he weighed these cherished pos
sessions against the sparkling gold and
silver, and with many a sigh relinquished
this string and that stone.
He discovered that with all the sacrifices
which he could make there was still insutii
cier.t room in his pockets for the money.
He could not bear to leavw a simile coin, so
entrancing was every one of them. It was
a long time before he hit upon the idea of
puiling out his shirt to use as an apron
and filling it with the plunder. But finally
ail this was done, and every coin had been
snugly provided for. When he attempted
to rise he discovered that the weight of the
money was too great for his strength.
Again and again did he essay the task,
straining his muscles to the last'limit and
groaning with the pains of his burden.
It was while he was thus struggling that
he suddenly became alert ami apprehen
sive again, and raised his head in a listen
ing attitude. He was very quiet, moving
not at all. A mental effort was going on
with slow and tedious progress, for the
passing of his excitement had reduced his
capacity for complex comprehension, and
his memory was at fault. Nevertheless,
something impelled him to look again
toward the spot where the robbers had
disappeared. Nothing alarming was
visible in that direction, for the simple
reason that he was facing it. The longer
he looked and the more keenly he listened
the sharper became his faculties and the
warmer his blood. Whatever it was that
finally roused him — whether it was a
crackling so slight that an ordinary ear
could not have heard it, or whether it was
an instinctive sense of danger — it were
profitless to inquire.
He looked quickly about, and directly
behind him, not ten feet away, were two
eyes in whose glance he recognized some
terrible menace. They were so near the
ground, and the meaning within them so
completely filled the field of view, that th«
lad saw them only, and not the head that
held them, nor the creeping body that
lay stretched upon the ground behind
them, nor a bright knife which a strong
hand held so firmly.
He saw only the eyes, and they were
more terrifying than anything he had ever
seen before in all his crippled and stunted
life. He felt that they were something to
be killed— a monstrous thing which had
no place in the presence of beautiful gold
and the gladsomeness of the morning.
With an almost imperceptible movement
his hand grasped the rifle, and with a re
lentless certainty he slowly turned as he
sat and brought the weapon to bear on the
eyes as it lay across his legs.
The face which held the eyes before him
blanched, and lines resembling those of
decrepitude came into it. No voice could
be useful here — except, perhaps, to hasten
ttie end of the tragedy. It must be abso
lute silence and immovability untii such
time as a hand should find its way to the
rifle's hammer and a finger slip through
the trigger-guard. After all, those things
might not happen if beaven or hell give
the prisoner strength to do nothing but
wait. Were the others observing? Did
they sec the terrible plight of their leader?
Would they do so rash a thing as seek to
save him by attempting to divert the
idiot's attention and so precipitate the
catastrophe? What wonderful things did
not come trooping out of the open door of
death and run riotously through the
bandit's head?
A clumsy thumb slowly felt along the
barrel for the hammer, and its oppos ; ng
forefinger as slowly crept along under
neath as it groped* for the trigger-guard.
The pallor in the prisoner's fa^t thereupon
became a dead gray, and as slowly and
surely as the idiot's thumb and forefinger
crept" along the rifle barrel, a sure, strong
bandit hand was taking firmer hold of a
knife, and powerful biceps were preparing
for a masterful effort. There was perfect
silence between these two — the idiot, who
was master, and the strong and competent
man, who was helpless — but no sound that
either could have made, no word that
either could have spoken, would have
been so terrible as this deadly communion
of silence between them.
It was a repeating-rifle that the idiot
held. He had already fired a shot from
it, and that had necessitated a throwing of
the lever to eject the empty shell. The
bandits had seen the idiot, perform that
feat with quick dexterity "when he had
shot one of them in the shoulder, and
knew that in doing so he had cocked the
weapon. The one ray of hope that now
shone in the* leader's "heart was that the
idiot had taken the precaution to let down
the hammer after they had left him. To
cock the weapon would require a second.
One second was ali that the robber needed.
With the bandit it was not now a matter
of disabling thu idiot with a knife-thrust
through the arm; it was a battle to the
death, and his stout heart must not quaver
under the suDerstition which had spared
the boy's life when he rirst intruded him
self. Nor could he for a moment permit
himself to calculate the distance which
his pursuers, sent forth hy the law to seek
his life, were lessening between themselves
and him. To kill this unspeakable
monster that hela his life on the touch
of a finger was the present necessity, the
only thing that could be thought of, the
one idea upon which he must concentrate
every faculty of his strong, clear mind.
The Interposition of t!ie boy's hand pre
vented a view of the ride's lock. Tins im
prisoned man could not see whether th«
hammer was up or down. He could know
that fact only when he should see the
clumsy thumb begin to press on that
potent bit of crooked metal. Meanwhile
the grasp on the knife had- been made
sufficiently firm and the biceps were ready.
With incredible swiftness the rubber's
arm shot out, and a line, strong knife— one
of the kind mane to kill— went flying
through the air. It was a wonderful aim,
for it had been calculated seemingly
through incredible ages and had been
planned and judged for accuracy to the
thousandth part of an inch. So true was
it thai it found the boy's throat, through
which the knife passed till the guard was
pressed hard against the skin.
It was only the springing of a mine. In
another moment a bullet was plowing its
way through the robber's body, having en
tered his mouth; it was the blow of the
knife upon the idiot's neck that had
pressed the finger on the trigger; and the
robber, whatever else might have hap
pened, had indirectly given himself a
death wound.
The clattering of horses' hoofs and the
running of men to the scene of the tragedy
followed the duel so closely that the dying
highwayman's last words, issuing thickly
from his torn mouth, were indistinctly
heard :
"No man that ever murdered an idiot
since the world was born has stepped out
of this life with his boots off."
NOT FOR PRIVATE USES
Crushed Rock From Folsom Can
Be Had Only by Public
Bodies.
The Highways and Prison Commis
sions Settle Important Points
at a Joint Meeting.
A joint meeting of the State Board of
Prison Commissioners and the State Bu
reau of Public Highways was held at San
Qufntin prison yesterday. Prison Com
missioner De Pue presided.
The purpose of the meeting was to have
a thorough understanding of the law on
providing rock at Folf-om prison for pub
lic highway- 1 , to adopt measures looking
toward an approximate estimate of cost of
rock to counties and other public bodies,
and also to definitely settle as to whom
and under what conditions the rock mi^ht
be .sold and the cash obtained.
Marsden Manson, CIS., of San Fran
cisco; J. L. Maude, C.E., of Riverside and
R. E. Irvine of Sacramento, com prising
the Bureau of Highways, were present and
took an active part in the discussions,
which were of interest to the whole State.
.Mr. De Pue remarked that lie supposed
the first tiling necessary would be to de
fine the authority for using the broken
rock quarried a.t Folsom. He desired to
have that point determined so that no con
tractors could use the rock for private pur
poses.
Marsden Manson said: "A matter I re
gard as being very important is, what is
going to be the cost of the first half year's
production of rock? I'd rather we esti
mated a little over cost, because it would
be very difficult to get excess money back
if we estimated below cost; whereas, oth
erwise it would be an easy matter for us to
refund to contractors whatever small ex
cess there might be at the end of the six
months. We nave to operate and fix a
price as it goes out, and we want to avoid,
as far as possible, having counties owing
the State without any definite fund to pay
it from. We must cover the cost of pro
duction in the first half year and after that
we can very easily settle small differences."
"The cost at the start is going to be far
in excess of further operations/ replied
Warden Aull. "Say 250 cubic yards at first
would cost as much as 500 later on. I can't
say what the cost will be."
Manson announced that Sacramento city
and county, Stockton, San Joaquin and
the State* Capitol Commissioners were
ready to take enormous quantities of the
rock for roads.
A discussion ensued as to what limita
tions should be placed on the sale of the
rock so as to keep within the law, and it
ended in theadoption of the following com
posite resolution, presented by Director
Devlin:
Reaolved, That highway "metal" shall be sold
only when to he used on public highways, end
that every contractor doing public work shall
be allowed to purchase on certificate to tnat
effect, from the proper public authorities, at
prices to be hereafter fixed, all rock to be paid
for before being shipped.
Maude moved that Warden Aull of Fol
som be instructed to estimate the approxi
mate cost of crushed rock for the first
three months and report thirty days be
fore operations begin. Aull replied that
he would do as desired, but would cer
tainly make out an under-estimate for the
meeting in Feoruary at Folsoru.
It was stated that all money received
from the sale of rock must be paid to
Aull.
NEW TO-DAY.
THE BEST KNOWN NAME FOR A
CEREAL BREAKFAST FOOD
DELICIOUS-TRY IT.
NEW TO-DAY.
GREAT WORK.
THE PUBLIC SOWED, i
PHYSICIANS ASTOUNDED.
More People Have Been Cared by
Miroyon's Remedies During
The Past Week Than -by
the Whole Medical
Profession in
Six Months.
If You Are Ailing, No Matter What the
Disease Is or How Many Doctors
Have Failed to Cure Ton, Step Into
the Nearest Drugstore, Ask for a |
Guide to Hoaltli, Bur a 25-Cent Item-
edy and Cure Yourself.
Mr. J. H. Seeba, Seeba's Exchange, 340 j
Kearny street, San Francisco: "For the j
benefit of those who suffer from rheuma- j
tism, I want to testify to the wonders ac-
complished by Munyon's Rheumatism
Cure in my case. When I asked for a bot-
tle of it, at my druggist's, he had none of
it in stock, but soon after put in a supply,
and when I went after another bottle he j
Informed me that the sale was simply sur- |
prising. Of course, this encouraged me to i
continue its use, and to-day I am entirely
free from rheumatic pains which made my
life a burden for so many years. lam not
only free from pain, but I can also state
truthfully that my general health is much
improved by the treatment. Its action on
the kidneys, in my case, was extremely
gratifying, especially as I had suffered to
such an extent from this cause in addition
to rheumatism. From actual experience I
can state that your homeopathic pellets j
are wonder-workers in conquering rheu- j
■ matism."
Munyon's Rheumatism Cure seldom fails
to relieve in from one to three hours, and
cures in a few days. Price 25c.
Munyon's Dyspepsia Cure positively
cures all forms of indigestion and stom-
ach trouble. Price 25c.
Munyon's Cold Cure prevents pneumo-
nia and breaks up a cold in a few hours.
Price 25c.
Munyon's Cough Cure stops coughs,
night sweats, allays soreness and speedily
heals the lungs. Price 25c.
Munyon's Kidney (Jure speedily cures
pains in the back, loins or groins and all
forms of kidney disease. Price 25c.
Munyon's Nerve Cure cures all the
symptoms of nervous exhaustion, such as
depressed spirit?, failure of memory, rest- |
less and sleepless nicrht 1 pains in the |
head and dizziness. It stimulates and I
strengthens the nerves, and is a wonderful I
tonic. Price 25c.
Munyon's Headache Cure stops headache
in three minutes. Price 25c.
Munyon's Pile Ointment positively
cures all forms of piles. Price 25c.
Munyon's Blood" Cure eradicates all im-
purities of the blood. Price 25c.
Munyon's Liver Cure corrects head-
ache, biliousness, jaundice, constipation
and all liver diseases. Price 25c.
Munyon's Female Remedies are a
boon to all women.
Munyon's Asthma Cure and Herbs are
guaranteed to relieve asthma in three min-
utes and cure in five days. Price, 50c each.
Munyon's Catarrh Remedies never fail.
The Catarrh Cure (price 25c) eradicates the
disease from the system, and the Catarrh
Tablets (price 25c) cleanse and heal the
parts.
Munyon's Vitalizer imparts new life, re-
stores lost powers to weak and debilitated
men. Price $1.
Munyon's Remedies at all druggists,
mostly* 25c a via!.
Your druggist will present you free with
a copy of the "Guide to Health," a valu-
able little medical publication that should
be in every home.
Personal letters to Professor Munyon,
1505 Arch street, Philadelphia. Pa." an-
swered with free medical advice for any
disease.
; Ho Percentage Pharmacy, 953 Market St.
£ The lIERCURY l 3
S^'*>- -»^v^®
£ Souvenir S
S^" © © © A Aj' - /N^®
'^ " •■■Bi^ i ■■■^QOiKß^gg BSF^ -^ l - - S©
0» — I — -^gl
®*^ Sunshine, Fruit - p FAnY 3
g^^ jMinsnme, t-ruit mau; npAryY
; J^: and Flowers... I>uvv KCAUI. -^
CS^v- Contains 325 pages, 9x12 Inches, -^^©
- jT^j and is ILLUSTRATED FROM 939 PHOTOGRAPHS.
I 2?^J Hundreds of beautiful half-tone engravings, showing Z^S
■ I3i*-v.- the aspect of the county from January to December. ~~«qQ)
The Fruit Industry Illustrated -^&
i €SS*~~- And described— the most valuable treatise upon the --^>-O
\ §^; Santa Ciara County Fruit Industry that has ever been
i &^^r. published, giving details of the business from nursery -,^-y^n
Qt/Ns- to market, with crops, prices and profits. -s/v/^g ,
t st*-^ — A Work of Art, -~«3
; ©ysy- Suitable for the center-table, and a most appropriate -**-*&
" S^-l Cnristmas present. There is scarcely a question that Z^S
C^£^ could be asked concerning Santa Clara County and its --^
j gj^-s^- resources that is not fully answered. -^sx©
®w^/^ . ~ /^'^©
. ©bts^ 000000000000 j-^^lQ
- fi^v^- The Mercury BooTenlr will be lent, exprassago prepaid, -'v/^
V Gfr*^~- to any part of the United States at the following rates: Bound in -~^&
G^~- Bristol board, 75 cants per copy; bound in leatherette, $1.25 per -<-^^®
J Sfc^l copy. Sent to any part of the United States, postage prepaid, at
:Er^^~ the following rates: Bound in Bristol board, 800 per oopy; .
bound in leatherette, $1.35 per copy. The Souvanir is sold orer i-^v/^
(g^rss- the counter at the Mercury office at the following prices: Bound ~r^&
&ns- in Bristol board, 50 cents per oopy; bound in leatherette, $1.00 -«/-v*£>
Sat/>^- per copy. ->^^J9
Address CHAS. M. SHORTRIDQE, - /%<^»
©fe^vr- San Jose, California. -s\s^)
NEW TO-DAY.
y. Cf i NOLAN BROS.
t % 1 SHOE co.
SECOND WEEK
OF
' •■
OUR MONSTER
CLEARANCE SALE
STORE CROWDED ALL THE TIME.
EVERY 03E WANTS BARGAIN,
AND THEY KNOW WHERE TO GET
THEM
WHEN WE HAVE A
CLEARANCE SALE
On some of our bargain tables
Shoes are marked sOc that cost $4%
WHEN WE HAVE A
CLEARANCE SALE
PRICES ARE NO OBJECT.
We Will Put on Sale This Week
6000 pairs of i.adios' Extra Quality French Kid
Button, seamiest! foxed, kill or cloth tops, satin
tops, pointed toes anil narrow square toes, diamond
patent-leather tips, flexible soles; price (2 50 per
pair, regular price $5, but we want to close them
out.
WE WILL ALSO PUT ON SALE
4000 PAIRS OF
Our Well-Known Ladies' French Kid
LIFE-SAVING SHOES!
Narrow, square and point- d toes, patent-leather
tips, at S3 per pair.
FOR THIS WEEK ONLY WE WILL
ALSO PUT ON SALE 3000
PAIRS OF OUR
LADIES' LIFE-SAVIXG SHOES, finest French
kid, secmleas foxed, cloth or kid tops, hand-sewed
invisible cork coles, latest style toes, patent-leather
tips. These shoes are worth $6 a lair, but we will
close them out this week at $4 per pair. Every
l::dy should have a pair. Once wearing them, you,
will wear no others, as the soles are thick and soft
and Keep the feet perfectly dry.
Send us your address on a postal card and we
will si nd you a souvenir and catalogue, showing
all the latest style shoes and prices.
WE HAVE NO BRANCH
STORES ON MARKET STREET.
DON'T BE MISLED BY MIS-
LEADING SIGNS.
Mall orders will receive prompt at-
tention.
SHOE CO.
812-814 MARKET STREET,
9 and 11 O'Farrell St.,
PHELAN BUILDING.
Long Distance Telephone 5527.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
KEARNY AND WASHINGTON STS.-RB.
modeled and renovated. KINO, WARD 4 cot
European plan. Rooms 60c to $1 50 per day si
to ¥ 8 per week, $8 to $30 per month; free baths;
hot and cold water every room ; tiro grates in of •£»
i oom ; elevator runs ail nigac
1920
sati ■» v utietsco
CHARLES M. SHORTRIDQK,
Editor and Proprietor.
SUBSCRIPTION RATES-Postag:e Free:
J"slly and Sunday CALL.one week, by carrier. .SO. 15
roily and Sunday Call, one year, by mall . . . 6.00
roily cr.d eunrtay Call, six months, by mail.. 3.00
leily and - -..-' . < ALi., three months by mall 1.50
I 'ally find Sunday ah . one month, by malL .65
frunday Call, one year, by mall 1.f.0
Weekly Call, one year, by mall 1.60
BUSINESS OFFICE:
710 Market Street,
San Francisco, California.
Telephone Main— lß6B
EDITORIAL ROOMS:
517 Clay Street.
telephone Maln-1874
BRANCH OFFICES :
C3C Montgomery street, corner Clay; open until
f :?0 o'clock.
fE9 Hayes street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
717 Larkla street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
t-W . corner Sixteenth and Mission streets; open
tctU b o'clock.
1.518 Mission street; open until 9 o'clock.
lib Math street; open until 9 o'clock.
OAKLAND OFFICE :
808 Broadway.
EASTERN OFFICE:
Itooms 51 and 32, 34 Park Row, New York City.
DAVID M. FOLTZ, Special Agent.
SUNDAY JANUARY 12,1896
THE CALL SPEAKS FOR ALL.
To-day we have sermons.
To-morrow we speak for Armenia.
Krue^er had greatness thrust upon him,
but he is living; up to it.
"We have no interest in the Transvaal,
but the fracas is interesting.
In the lexicon of the granger cloudless
days at this season are not fair.
The roasting of John Bull promises
plenty of beef for barbecue of the nations.
It is noted that the stock exchange goes
right along taking no stock in the war
talk. _
Farmers are wondering why the weather
bureau doesn't make rain while the sun
chines.
The objection of the Kaiser to socialism
is so great he won't even be sociable with
his kinfolks.
When the springtime comes the Czar
may get a move on, and then something
will happen.
When we reach the end of Truckee's
toboggan-slide we will be in the midst of
the rose carnivals.
Perhaps Russia will be the next nation
to drop an ultimatum in the slot and
make the lion roar.
European diplomacy would be humdrum
if the Kaiser didn't every now and then
make the drum hum.
The only choice left to Salisbury is
whether he shall arbitrate with us or com
promise with Venezuela.
It won't be long before trips to the top
of Tamalpais wili be an easy holiday for
ali who wish a high time.
There is just enough virtue in civiliza
tion to keep the talk of war from going
further than a war of talk.
England was once well pleased with her
isolation from Europe, but she sees it now
from another point of view.
Although her saw is not buzzing loud
enough to be heard we may be sure France
is sawing wood very rapidly.
Even when Republican prosperity comes
we shall be under bonds to remember our
Bad indulgence in Clevelandism.
It is not surprising that Secretary Eearles
of the sugar trust refuses to testify, for in
every trust nothing talks but coin.
One benefit of the Venezuela controversy
is that it has given us more patriotism
than politics thus far during the year.
Last year started so many enterprises
we can hardly rind room for new ones
until some of the others are carried out.
The fortune of war seems to have
changed for a time in Cuba, and if
Havana is taken now she will be surprised.
Don't fail to make up your mind to-day
to attend to-morrow evening the mass
meeting in favor of the Armenian suf
ferers.
England is strutting up the British
Channel with a naval display in the eyes
of Europe like a peacock with his tail
spread.
If we had foreseen the weather we had
during the past week it would have been
worth while to get up a carnival to cele
brate it.
Alfred Austin's reference to the ocean as
"England's territorial seas" may pass as
poetic license, but she had better not
claim it in prose.
The fact that money is rolling Into the
banks is a good sign of prosperity, pro
vided it isn't rolling in there to get out of
the way of business.
As the space occupied by the California
exhibit at the Atlanta Exposition was
Known as the "gold-medal corner," it is
evident we got our dues.
Kaiser William has the versatility of a
busy bee, and while bis letter to Krueger
was a sting for England it is believed his
letter to the Queen was all honey.
Senator Morgan wishes the United
States to recognize the independence of
the Transvaal and we might as well do it.
The circus seems to be free for all.
If there is no other way of doing the
job we might have a street-cleaning car
nival, cover the cobblestones with roses
and fire the Solid Eight as skyrockets.
Bryan's plan to get a combination of
Republicans and Democrats to pass a
joint bill providing for protection and
free coinage over the President's veto has
j genius in it, but it is the kind of genius
that won't work.
Says the Kaiser:
"I think I .shall rattle my drum,
It Is lons since my armies have battled."
So he struck a great blow, but surprise was to
come;
It was Britain's war drum that was rattled.
It is proposed in Ban Jose to have a
poetess and not a queen to preside at the
festival of roses this year, and if all the
gifted ladies of the State were invited to
cumpete before competent judges the
occasion mi^bt be made an academic fete
not unwortiiy to be compared with those
bo famous in medieval Italy and Provence.
A EUROPEAN WAR.
The annual announcement of an im
pending war in Europe is like the cry of
"wolf" by the boy in the fable. For a dec
ade or more it has been regularly revived
during that period of the year when the ar
mies are in winter quarters and when an ac
tive campaign, in Northern Europe,at least,
would be impractical. In view of this oft
repeated prophecy of an event which does
not occur, many persons who have never
analyzed Old World conditions are of the
opinion that the peace of Europe will
not again be disturbed, and that the re
currii.g war scare is nothing more than
newspaper talk.
it is to be noted, however, that as there
was a wolf in the fable so there is also a
wolf in European affairs, and that sooner
or later it will break from its copses with
either war or revolution in its burning
eyes.
It is impossible to suppose in reason that
the existing conditions and institutions of
Europe can much longer endure. Look
for an example to the Germany of to-day.
With a population of about 47,000.000, it
has a regular standing army of 500,000
men, and in addition to this a
body of civilian soldiers of 2,500,
--000 more. It costs the enormous sum
of $165,000,000 annually to support this
army, and this, with the vast and
increasing expenses of the imperial Gov
ernment, swells the burden of taxation
upon the producers and property-owners
of the empire to a degree which Americans
can hardly realize. According to the con
sular reports from Germany the annual
tax rate in that country exceeds 20 per
cent of the assessed valuation of its prop
erty.
If this be true it follows that even,' five
years the Government of Germany absorbs
the entire wealth of its people in taxes.
This of itself is a condition which cannot
continue long. It is also one which affects
Italy, Austria, Turkey and France to an
almost equal degree.
Take another view of Germany as an ex
ample of conditions in Europe. Behold
her young Emperor engaged in the vain
endeavor to convoke a Cabinet which
shall repulse the assaults of the op
position long enough to inaugurate
a policy. Of what elements is this opposi
tion composed? Mainly of the several
schools of German socialists, whose
aim is the overthrow of imperialism.
These elements Bismarck was able
to keep divided Dy the exercise
of his powerful genius in statecraft and
by casting to this faction and then to that
the sop of a seeming accession to their
demamis. But the genius of Bismarck
is lost to the Government of to
day, and as a natural result the em
pire which his ability upreared for
the Hohenzollerns is in danger of an
eruption of its own internal discontent.
This condition also affects the other
nations of Europe, in every one of which
there is a growing sense of equality among
men and increasing hatred of caste.
With these two elements in European
society it is not surprising that either war
or revolution must speedily occur. The
surprising thing b that one or the other
has not happened before. It is now more
than a quarter of a century since Europe
has had a serious war. This long
period of peace has been due to conditions
which have ceased to exist, and to the
genius of statesmen who have passed from
the stage of action. In the meantime the
increase of standing armies, composed
of men whose trade is war and who
demand it as their opportunity for glory,
and of the forces of socialism and discon
tent, made up of those who have every
thing to gain and nothing to lose by either
war or revolution, place a near limit to the
period of peace.
Every sign of the times points with un
varying finger to the certainty of Europe's
entrance noon the new century in a state
of disturbance not unlike that with which it
began the present one, and with results
ahead which are as difficult of forecast
now as then.
HELP SAN FRANCISCO.
The Fresno Republican calls attention to
the fact that while San Francisco is mak
ing a lijrht against the influence of the
aided railroad? in Congress to secure the
passage of a funding bill the people of the
interior are content to applaud the effort
and rest at that. "Our inactivity, 1 ' says
our contemporary, "is the more surprising
because we .so expressly recognize the im
portance to the coast of a right decision of
the matter, such a decision as will not be
secured by the lobbyists of C. P. Hunting
ton. If our bondage to the Pacific roads is
renewed some part of the blame will attach
to ourselves."
This article was published before the call
of Mayors to appoint delegates from all
the cities and towns of the State to a
meeting in San Francisco for the purpose
of drafting a memorial to Congress pray
ing that the railroad debt be not funded or
otherwise extended. The scope of this
ca'.l has been very properly widened to in
clude the chairmen of the Boards of Super
visors throughout the State, «o that the
two main interests at slake— the business
men and consumers of thecitiesand towns
as represented by municipal boards and
the producers as represented by the Boards
of Supervisors— will have an opportunity
to express themselves and present a pe
tition which Congress cannot ignore.
Hence, the interior of the State will now
have an opportunity to act upon this sug
gestion contained in the Republican's edi
torial: "If the San Francisco organization
which is attempting to combat a funding
bill will practically and directly appeal to
the interior of tho State for moral and
financial assistance it will receive it. The
wisdom of Buch a course must be manifest
to anybody. * * * California should be
as united in action in this matter as it is
in feeling. Congress should not be per
mitted to flatter itself that San Francisco
is alone in opposition to any funding bill
that may be devised."
The convention is to be held next Satur
day at Metropolitan Hall in this City. It
will be one of the most important as
semblages of representative citizens of
California ever brought together under
one roof. It will be a struggle for life, and
every patriotic resident of the State and
every citizen who has the intelligence to
know that his own welfare is at stake wili
lend his strongest linancial and moral sup
port to its success.
A BRIGHT RECORD,
J. A. Filcher, manager of the California
State Board of Trade, sends just such an
account of California's victories at the
Atlanta Exposition as might have been
expected. Although the diplomas have
not yet ail been made out, and Mr. Filcher
is therefore unable to send a complete
list of the California winners of prizes, he
does say that California thus far has taken
about seventy-live prizes; that this is at
least three times as many as any other
State has won; that about half of these
are first premiums (gold medals), and that
the number of prizes will undoubtedly be
increased to a hundred before the fair
closes.
It is pleasant to hear from him that the
California exhibit is already known as the
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 12, 1896.
"gold-medal corner," and that the free
exhibitions of California fruit-cooking
have made it necessary for the merchants
of Atlanta to carry a stock of California
dried fruits to supply the demand which
these exhibitions have created. This is
worth fully as much to the State as any
number of gold medals that may be won
by private exhibitors, and it indicates one
of the lines along which the extension of
our market can be profitably followed.
It is encouraging to learn that Florida
orange-growers, after seeing the California
exhibit, decided not to enter their prod
ucts. Still, it had been already learned
that the climate of Florida is not suffi
ciently reliable to make oranee-growing a
perfectly safe occupation there.
It is to be noted in this connection that
there is on foot a movement to expand the
exhibit of the California State Board of
Trade by taking more extensive quarters
and incorporating exhibits ol valuable
products of the entire Pacific Coast and
even the Hawaiian Islands. This would
make a permanent exposition of great
magnitude and interest, and it is to be
hoped that the suggestion will not be al
lowed to slumber.
A HEALTH RESORT.
If all Americans possessed th* order of
intelligence which Enoch Knight has dis
played in a contribution to the Christian
Register, published at Boston, there would
be less eager search for elusive specifier
for consumption. Mr. Knight shows that
there i 9 one spot in the world where nature,
under pleasant circumstances, offers a
stronger hope for benefit or cure than the
laboratory of the scientist. This is what
he terms the rim of the Colorado Deßert, in
Southern California.
"If one were to go among the ranches of
New Mexico and see," he writes, "as one
must see, the prevalence of catarrh, actu
ally developed by the terrible winds, the
blinding alkaline dust and the almost
lightning changes of temperature, one
would at least be prepared to act conserva
tively, if not to leave that region entirely
out of account. There are beautiful re
gions of country and seasors of perfect
weather 'east of the mountains,' but there
is no all-the-year and out-of-doors equal to
that found in the rim of the Colorado
Desert and the region westward to the sea,
as it is respectively opened by the San
Gorgonio Pass, with Los Angeles as the
base and center. It is here that one can
find equableness and dryness, with almost
complete immunity from what may be
called 'rough' weather."
He shows that at Indio, a railroad station
out on the arid and barren plain 3, there is
an annual rainfall of only three inches.
This means practically uninterrupted sun
shine throughout the year, as fogs are un
known. It means further an extreme ab
sence of humidity, and the value of this is
appreciated when it is reflected that no
germs can thrive in a perfectly dry atmos
phere. That is why typhoid fever, diph
theria, malaria and zymotic and endemic
diseases generally are impossible in that
semi-desert region. Furthermore, as the
country is several hundred feet below the
level of the sea, breathine is easier there
than anywhere else in the world. This
relieves the lunes of an effort and a strain
that impair the value of the high plateau
of Colorado and New Mexico.
While regarding this rim as the greatest
boon that nature ha? provided for phthis
ical sufferers Mr. Knight urces against the
plan of establishing sanitariums, where
the patients shall be herded and thus de
pressed by contact. In that wonderful
climate, where, as he truly says, "one can
bask, if not actually bake, in the sun the
winter long," and where ' the sunshine is
as faithful as is the unvarying west wind,
which week after week and month after
month brings over mesa and mountains
the sweet breath of the octan," it is essen
tial that the benefits of outdoor freedom
be enjoyed to the fullest extent.
If one prefers a slightly stronger touch
of the ocean, a little higher altitude and
immediate contact with beautiful farms,
orchards and vineyards, one may go into
the pretty canyons of the San Jacinto
Mountains, which open upon the desert.
Palm Springs is one of these places, and it
has the advantage of hot medicinal springs.
Even at Indio, which is planted in the
heart of a blind desolation, water has trans
formed the desolation into a garden of re
freshing verdure planted by human hands.
The time must inevitably come when the
wonders of this strange region, in its
power to restore health while offering the
pieasantest conditions of life, will be bmer
understood and the sufferings of humanity
diminished in proportion to the extension
of this knowledge.
WHAT TIME WILL BRING.
Those who cannot read the destiny of
Pan Francisco in the unalteraDle condi
tions which assure its coming greatness
must lack the understanding to make an
effort to secure that result. As the his
tories of cities go, San i lancisco was born
but yesterday, and unlike any other Amer
ican city of rapid growth it has developed
its present importance solely by the irre
pressible force of natural advantages
which have operated with the certainty of
fate againet purely artificial hindrances.
These are too familiar to Californians to
require enumeration here. It is sufficient
to say that no manifestation of human
stupidity, greed or indolence can check
the onward march of this Western metrop-
olis, and it is still more encouraging to see
that even these obstacles to advancement
are disappearing tinder an awakenine
sense of duty and a better appreciation of
opportunity.
The geographical situation of the City
comprises an extraordinary combination
of favorable circumstances. Its back
country is surpassingly rich in agricultur
al land?, precious metals, lumber and all
the other great essentials of community
wealth; these are not developed to a hun
dretb part of their capacity. Much of this
region is accessible by waterways which
are not made available for transportation.
The outward view shows a frontage on the
Pacific Ocean and favoring winds and
ocean currents that invite navigation. The
physical conditions of the City have for
their chief feature a climate which is not
only pleasant but which conduces to
health, vigor and adventure.
Of equal value with these advantages is
the peculiar fact that the City can never
have a. rival. Railroads have caused it to
lose the trade both of the north and the
south, but a thousand such facilities could
not annul the remarkable advantages
which are centered in this spot. Railroads
may produce a wonderfully rapid erowth,
as they have done in the case of Chicago,
Minneapolis, St. Paul and some other
Western cities, but a great ocean and a
matchless harbor have an influence, and,
assisted by natural inland waterways and a
climate which makes possible the produc
tion of expensive articles of consumption
grown nowhere else in so great variety and
abundance, must exert an influence that
will have a cumulative force in the passing
of the years and that in the end will make
of San Francisco one of tho greater cities
of the world.
A preat hindrance to development is its
distance from the populous centers of the
world. What is termed "the bridge" lies
between us and the millions of our breth
ren who live on the other side of the con
tinent and who are eager to buy what we
produce; but in time this bridge, by means
of irrigation and settlement, will become
a highway lined with thrifty people, and
that problem will be solved. Long before
that will have happened our own broad
acres will be filled with a happy popula
tion enjoying life while accumulating a
competency and all contributing to the
greatness of their metropolis at the Golden
Gate.
POETRY AND EOSES.
It has been proposed to have a poetess
instead of a queen to preside over the com
ing festival of roses in San Jose, and the
proposal is worthy of serious considera
tion. It suggests possibilities of lifting the
annual festival at San Jose to a unique
position among the carnivals of the State,
and if the proposal is undertaken in the
right spirit and carried out in the right
way it may result in adding to the festival
a feature of extraordinary interest.
It is a well-known theory of Wagner
that music, painting and poetry have each
been carried to the highest plane they can
attain separately, and that if the art of the
future is to transcend that of the past it
must seek to do so by combining the three
arts into one and raising that to the
superlative degree. Wagner soueht to
achieve this in his operas, and in the com
position of them gave as much attention
to the poetry they expressed and to the
beauty of the scenic effects as he did to
tho music itself. A Wagnerian opera
therefore is a combination of all the arts,
and there can be no doubt that much of
the prestige of these operas is due to the
skill with which the combination was
effected.
Our floral festivals have ignored the wis
dom of this maxim of the innovator of the
opera of our time. They have sought to
please by one art alone. All energies have
been directed solely to tne production of
scenic effects. Music and poetry have
been set aside in order that exclusive at
tention might be given to artistic accom
plishments of form and color. Great suc
cess has been undoubtedly gained in that
way. The beauty and the multitude of our
flowers have sufficed to produce wonderful
pageants and brilliant pavilions, and
when united with the glow of ribbons and
the blaze of fireworks the triumphs at
tained have been almost infinite in their
variety. It seems certain, however, that
much could be added to the delight of
even the most successful of these festivals
if all the glory of their colors and the
splendor of their beauty were interfused
with the glowing sentiments of poesy and
the raptures of music.
If San Jose undertakes to introduce the
element of poetic competition into her fes
tival of roses she will not be without
models on which to fashion her work.
Many of the medieval festivals of Italy
and Southern France were blended floral
fetes and contests of poets and musicians.
Such a festival continues to this day in
Provence. Readers of "Corinne" will
recall the triumph of that heroine on such
an occasion at Rome. These old models
could not be closely followed, of course,
with any success, for we are a different
people, with different customs; but still
we mieht profit by them as fully as we do
by Venetian pageants in arranging the
spectacular portions of our festivals.
THIS OLD COUNTRY.
Good times or bad times, we're with this country
still:
With heron the mountain top or slldin' down the
hill :
Don't care how corn's a-sellin', If cotton's high or
low :
This old country, brethren, Is the best one that we
k now !
Good times or bad times, we're with this country
still.
Every time we feel her shake we have a friendly
chill.
Don't care how things Is goin 1 , nor how the tem
pests blow,
This here old country, brethren, Is the best one
that we know!
Good times or bad times, we're with this country
still;
With her whpn we sow the grain an' when we go
to mill.
Don't care what's in the future, we'll whistle as
\v ho,
For chls oUI country, brethren, Is the best one that
we know! —Atlanta Constitution.
A PASTOR AT SIXTEEN.
Brooklyn never has done justice to her in
fant ministerial phenomenon. He is Henry
Banta, aged lti, of 227 Nineteenth streei.
Young &s he is, Master Ranta Is settled over a
church, has a parsonage and draws a man's
salary, fays the New York Press. He is spend
ing the winter in Brooklyn, because his home
is there.
Four years npo, after spending several
mouths in Seney Hospital, he went South with
nis tether, the Bar. Charles Bnnta, a traveling
evangelist. Young Banta was taken along in
the hope that the change of air might bent-fit
him. While attending one of his lather's re-
Henry Banta.
vival services in a small backwoods Ohio town
he became converted. He began almost imme
diately to preach.
•'First I used to exhort from my seat In the
audience." he said. "I gave my testimony.
Then father had me read a chapter in the
Bible, and allowed me to make a few remarks
on the passages that particularly impressed
me. He would follow with the main address
or exhortation. In a few weeks I found lny
self preaching to audiences that I had never
seen before, and I have been preaching almost
continuously ever since. A year ago I preached
in New York, Brooklyn and Jersey City. In
Jersey City the meetings were largely attended f
and many, very many, seemed to feel the love
of God for the first time."
When young Banta went South last spring
on an evangelistic tour the Methodist church
of Shalotte. N. C, was so taken with hispreaeh
lng that he was asked to remain permanently
with the church. After considering the offer a
few months Banta accepted. He preached in
Shalotte three months and from all accoums
Kay? good satisfaction. The demands of regu
lar parish work, the necessity of preachim; n>
terc-'tingly to the same congregation twice a
week soon showed him that he lacked the
qualifications of a regular pastor aud he has
come North to flt himself for the ministry.
AROUND THE CORRIDORS.
Sam Rainey, the gentleman who has a fond
ness for the Fire Department because be was
brought up in the atmosphere of the engine
house on Bush street, is a philosopher,
ever, if he is nothing else.
Mr. Rainey seldom opens his head unless he
says something worth hearing, but on the
other hand it must not be forgotten that Mr.
Rainey knows when not to open his head, not
withstanding the fact that he might say some
thing pleasing to the ear if ho wibhed to.
While Mr. Rainey is not the author of that
famous expression "The people be ," he is
nevertheless responsible for the epigram ad
dressed to a newspaper man, "If you want to
kill a politician don't mention his name and
he will mildew and get off the earth."
In fact, for a man who does not pretend to be
a Solomon, Mr. Rainey says some very peart
things.
"I used to be inspector of the apparatus of
SAM RAIN'EY, PHILOSOPHER.
[Sketched by a "CalV artist. J
! the Fire Department," said Mr. Rainey yester
day, as ho blew a cloud ol smoke through the
interstices of his Stubby mustache, "when the
, Grand Jury found it a pastime to investigate
! us every six months. No matter whether there
was anything in the wind or not that body of
citizens would haul the Fire Department up
I for a scoring. Of course, under the circum
■ stances, we were our own witnesses and stood
i right up to the music, swearing that every
! tiling was nil right— and it was." The speaker
j thrust another load of smoke out of his face
j and continued: "One day Lyons, the depart
j ment drayman, came to me and we talked of
j the frequency with which the Grand Jury used
I to reflect upon our honesty. Lyons was a very
thoughtful niftn.anii looked further ahead than
I was accustomed to. He reviewed the num-
b erless times we had been maligned by the
; Grand Jury and recalled the occasions on
which we hnd proven our innocence. He rev
eled in the fact that our reputations were as
! yet untarnished by proof, and altogether he
i seemed very well satisfied with the condition
: of things.
" When we had finished conversing of the mis
takes of the Grand Jury he laid his hands on
my shoulder, and with a thoughtful expression
on his face said:
" 'Sam, if we should ever get out of the Fire
: Department it would be impossible for us to do
! it any harni?'
" 'Why so. Lyons?' I asked.
" 'Well, fam, I'll tell you. It is because we
have sworn so many times that the department
is dead straight and Bquare.' "
Willard T. Barton, who composes popular
songs for pastime and paves the cities of the
Kast with California asphaltum for business,
, i.- Hgain. in San Francisco. Business may tali
Mr. Barton to New York and Boston him! keep
' t him away many months of the year, bat Sail
Francisco is his home and it is his delight to
be. here. The Lambs' Club is a joyful place, but
Barton's allegiance to the Owl never falters.
Speaking of songs at the Bohemian Club yes
terday Mr. Barton replying to questions gald:
" 'Kazzle Dazzle' made a great hit and was in
considerable demand for a time, but it has not
maintained the steady favor which has been
accorded to 'Imogene Donahue.' Yes, 'The'
Knights of the Gold-i'lated Hod' and
'Rachel Rosenheimer' are still sung, but
'Donahue' sells batter than any other song of
my composition. This thing of writing songa
is only an incident. When I found that the
songs were profitable I protected my interests
by copywright and have derived quite a sum of
money as the result.
"I am now interested most in shipping to
Eastern cities refined asphaltum from the vast
bids near Santa Barbara. It is the best paving
material in the world, even superior to that
which comes from the Island of Trinidnd. It
is extensively used in Xew York, Brooklyn,
Utica and Syracuse, and is bound to become
popular in other cities. We Bend East the re
fined article, and there mix It with sar.d. Mr.
North, the Water Purveyor of Xew York, as
serts that it la the best paving material in the
world. We come into competition with the
product from Trinidad, but are able to meet it.
In New York we lay two and a half Inches of
asphalt on a concrete foundation of six inches,
and the pavement is guaranteed jo last for
fifteen years.
"rian Francisco," remarked Mr, Barton, j
"should be the best-paved city in the world, ;
but it is one of the worst. Whoever heard of a ;
pavement being guaranteed to last for any
length of time in this city ? In the East guar
antees are exacted, and the lowest limit of
time is five years. For the New York pave
ments all the oils and moisture of the material
are extracted and the composition is put on at !
a temw rature of 226 degrees. With this care j
in construction and reasonable diligence in !
keeping the street in repair the pavement will ;
last for fifty years.
"People in California do notcomprehend the i
value of the vast deposits of asphaltum in this ■
State and do not appreciate the excellence of !
the article. One bed in Santa Barbara covers
an area of 35.000 acres, yet the world-famed
deposit on the island of Trinidad embraces
only 118 acreß. In freignts we can hold our
own. Of course, wo ship only the refined arti
cle and add the necessary saud when it is pre
pared for use. It is a great industry for Cali
fornia and its development is just beginning." |
>fr. Barton -will remain hero until Marcli 1.
Ho will soon be joined by Commodore Harry I
If you want a sure relief for ->ains in the back, side, chest, or
limbs, use an
All r'rir'Lr'o Porous
lIWIiCK S pi as ter
i idstcr
««. B "L IN MiND-Not one of the host of counterfeits and imita-
tions is as good as the genuine. "*
M. Gillig of the Larchmont Yacht Club, who is
now tarrying in Los Angeles.
VIEWS OF WESTERN EDITORS.
A Tune for the Democrats.
Riverside Enterprise.
The Republican Congress -whistles through a
Reed. t
That Robber Tariff.
San Bernardino Times.
What the country needs is some more of the
"robber tariff."
Brevity the Soul of Business.
Los Angeles Times.
Emperor William's message was a gr;at deal
shorter than President Cleveland's, but it had
the desired effect.
In Need of Support.
Los a ngeles Express.
The administration seems to have the sup-
port ot neither its political friends nor its po
litical enemies in its efforts to retire the green
backs.
A Voice for Diplomacy.
Pfinta Barbara Press.
It is a pity t'na; two such respectable old par
ties as John Bull and Uncle Sam should lose
their heads to the extent it making it neces
sary for either to back down.
Situation in a Nutshell.
Pasadena Star.
It may be said that the prevailing feelinfr on
this side of the water is in favor of cara and
Caution in ascertaining the exact status of the
boundary question and acting accordingly. If
it b< sliown that England's claims to territory
there are good the present controversy will be
ended; it they are not tenable tbe President
will be supported in enforcing the Monroe doc
trine.
A DAINTY FROCK.
Dresses of fancy wool mixtures for young
girls are very effectively trimmed by plain
cloth of one color. That shown above is of a
material of which numberless colors are mixed
haphazard in weaving, the trimming being of
sage green lady's cloth.
A mixture of bluet and dark green had a
dark green cloth trimming, edged with bluet
spaneles.
A plain blue serge was made into a stylish
gown by the use of fancy silk for the trimming.
A dross designed for n'gir'.'s best frock «raa of
sage crepon, with the top of brown velvet, all
; the edues being trimmed with a narrow fringe
of sable set under. Two sable tails hung from
each strap at the waist line, over the skirt,
both back and front
A dark green rough cloth had a top of
printed velveteens, on which greens and pale
blues blended very harmoniously.
A dainty little frockwM of a mixed goods
in a medium light shade of blue, with the top
of velvet of the same s^hade. Tiiis was edged
with mint bands an inch wide. From the top
of the velvet cullar stood a ruff of blue ribbon
to match, the ribbon being simply (fathered,
but of heavy weight, so it stood out and did
not hang over the collar.
The top of this gown may bo made separate
to be wont with other gowns and to allow a
variety. Or the gowrt may be made perfectly
plain, to be worn with a ri'ot>on-belt and collar'
PEOPLE WORTH READING ABOUT.
The Emperor of Japan is an all-round sports
man, devoted to riding, shooting, lisking, ten
nis, billiards and football.
Right Hon. C. P. Villiers, M. P., is now 93
years old. He is a famous whist-player and
was a schoolmate of Lord Byron.
It is said that -when Queen Victoria and the
Empress Eugenic are together they spend their
spare time doing needlework for the poor.
Lord Tennyson is going to publish in his life
of his father a juvenile tale called "Mungo the
American," written by Alfred Tennyson at the
age of 14.
His royal nib«, Chulalongkorn, King of Siam,
has been experimenting with the fashionable
toothpick shoes now in vogue. Already he
rides a bike.
A curious fad of ex-Queen Liliuokalani is a
passion for ropo knots made by sailors who
have visited the islands. She has a large col
lection of these evidences of nautical skill.
The officials of the village of Saint Pourcain,
France, nave jus: entered upon the possession
of 1,800,000 francs left to it by the Marquise
do Brußselle, who was horn there. The money
is to be used to build n hospital for old people.
The Marquise was formerly a seamstre.-s in
Saint Pourcain, and there met her husband.
PERSONAL.
George H. Filley of New York .is at the Bald
win.
J. B. Lankershim, a banker of Los Angeles, is
in town.
Professor Morris Leon Driver of San Jose is In
the City.
T. Hooker, a business man of Napa, arrived
here yesterday.
Professor E. S. Vraz, a naturalist of Prague,
Bohemia, is in town.
John C. Xourse, a general merchant of
Fresno, is at the Grand.
J. L. Maude of Sacramento, Secretary of the
State Bureau of Highways, is at the Baldwin.
R. A. Kunkle, a wealthy mining man of
Butte, Mont., is at the California, accompanied
by his wife.
The Rev. C. L. Williams of Vancouver,
Wash., is at the Occidental, accompanied by
Misses B. A. and Clara A. Williams.
Robert Harney Putnam leaves this evening
on the Sunset limited for Chicago on a busi
ness trip. He will remain several months in
the East.
Thomas G. Merrill of Helena, the chairman
ot the Montana State Milling Commission, has
returned here after several days' absence. Ko
is at the Palace.
A. D. Cridge was in this City yesterday. He
is the editor of the Lemoore (Kings Conntyj
Radical and the son of Alfred Cridge, a well
known writer, journalist and reformer of this
City.
Lieutenant Wiiliam T. Littlebrant of the
United States Army, Fort Assinaboine, Mont.,
is at the Occidental Hotel. Fort Assinaboine
is high in the Kooky Mountains near the west
ern line of Montana.
M. C. Thompson, who Is engaged in many en
terprises in Australia, has arrived hero from
the East and Europe, on his way to the
antipodes. He is a friend of ex-Governor
Pacheco, and the latter, a.s well as others, has
called on him.
Among the arrivals at the Baldwin Hotel ia
Miss Clemence Genot of Paris, who for eighteen
months past has been living in Tahiti. Miss
Genot says the French artist Guerrin has for
some time been in Tahiti, and is busily en
gaged in painting the natives and bits of
scenes in and about the islands. Miss Genot
is en route to France. She has been in Tahiti
for pleasure.
Lieutenant W. F. Halsey, who went to China
some time since with Admiral Carpenter and
has since been with him on the flagship Balti
more, arrived here yesterday, on his way to
Washington and will go on to-morrow. He
says the American warships in Asiatic waters
are so well distributed that if any trouble oc
curs they will be found to have a command of
the situation. Lieutenant Halsey was all
through the Chinese-Japanese war.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, S. V., Jan. 11.— Miss E. Kelton
is at the Plaza Hotel here in company with
Mrs. A. Perkins oi Chicago. Among other ar
rivals are: H. Little, Grand Union; E. May,
Gilsey; G. Nathan, Continental; W. B. Ker
man, Murray Hill; E. Mehlert, Holland.
HUMOR OF THE HOUR.
"Horace!" called the blind man to the deaf
and dumb man, "I want to sec you."
"Well," replied the deaf and dumb man,
"you needn't speak so loud."— New York
Herald.
"He must be worth at least $100,000,
mamma."
"how do you know?"
"He told me his fortune ended in five
ciphers."
"H'm, maybe it begins with one, too."—
Washington Star.
Beggar— you kindly assist me, sir? I've
got a wife and thirteen children to support.
Old Gentleman— Goodness gracious! Thirteen
children?
Beggar— Yes, sir; a baker's dozen, and not a
bit of bread to give them.— London Fun.
Tinkle, tinkle, breakfast bells!
Sweet the tale your music tells,
When upon the nose there falls
Scent of fragrant codfish ball*.
—New York Mail and Expres*.
Maud— How sickening it is to hear men pay
ing compliments to women.
Ethel— To other yes.— Boston Trans
cript.
"What Is suspicion?"
"Anxiety to learn what we do not wish to
know."— York Times.
He-Do you think my picture looks like me?
She (sympathetically)- Yes, I am sorry to say
it does.— Somerville Journal.
E. H. Black, painter, 120 Eddy street •
• — •- — •
California glace fruits, 50c lb. Townsend's.»
• — ♦ — •
TowHBSKD'a special sale— Fresh cream mixed
candies, 15c a pound; worth 35c. •
• — ♦ — *
ErECiAL information dally to manufacturer
business houses ami public men by the Presi
Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Montgomery. •
i •_ -_» — «
180,009.
New crop coceanuts just discharging
from the City of Papeete from Tahiti for
the Pioneer Brand Shredded and Desic
cated Cocoanuts.
Luke G. Skesovich & Co.,
Manufacturers.
"Maria," said Boggles to his wife, with an
idea of instructing her in political economy,
"do you know what civil service is?"
"Jasper," said Mrs. Boggles, with memory of
recent contact with the cook, "there isn't
any."— lllustrated Monthly.
Take care of your physical health, build up you?
system, tone your stomach and digestive organs.
Increase your appetite, enrich your blood and pro
vent sickness by taking Hood's saraaparilla.
CHICAGO LIIIITKB.
VIA SANTA FE KOUTE.
A new train throughout begins October 39.
Pullman's finest sleeping-cars, vestibule reclining
chair cars and dinine-cars. Los Angeles to Chi
cago, via Kansas City, without change. Annex
c«rs on sharp connection for Denver and St.
Louis. Twenty-seven hoars' flicker than the
quickest competing train. The Santa" has baaa
put in fine physical condition ana is now the best
transcontinental railway.
• — •> — •
We recommend the use of Dr. Slegert's Angos
tura Bitters to our friends who suffer with dysDen
sia. "
• — ♦ — •
If afflicted with sore eyes use Dr. Isaac Thomp
son's Kye Water. Druggists sell it at 25 cents.
:_ NEW TO-DAY.
yKspEcVAL fc
IS Sunday, Jan. litk.
I « 12 Great 1 week Specials.
II Topmost quality — For
La details "up to date" ljjiy-
Hi era read Smith's Weekly.
\(k Complete lists at your command.
I? Largest Department store.
]■« Smiths' Cash Store,
•4 41 4, 41 6, 41 8 FRONT ST., S. F.Books
and
Bookmakers.
yv yOVELS of Australian life have
'i^k I ceased to be curiosities. The peo-
pie of that far land have won
j^ \J their way into the rield of litera
ture and are so diligently cultivat
ing it that Australian boots are no longer
rarities. Among the authors who have
given us pictures of busti life on the hip
r.inces of that country none have made
them more vivid or interesting than Mr*.
Campbell-Praed, and her new novel, "Mrs.
' will be welcomed by a wide
circle of readers, to whom she is already
well and favorably known.
The story is the old familiar one of an
nn happy woman wedded to one man and
in love with another. There is nothing
new in the treatment of the pr blems of
• ...it grow out of this - nor is
anything in the <'. tics of
trious persona; • ■ ■■ new in
to tho conventional of the
old difficulty. Mrs. Cam] !. like
so many otner writers, shrinks from the
... conclusion of her own work and
Bhe has brought her story to the
s where the heroine promises to aban
er husband and elope with her Jover
• irns the enterpri byanacci
de-.'.i in tin- nick of time i i save the lovers
from that immoral proceeding.
To those readers who do not feel an in
terest in a love story ■ •• it is a
ihe attractions of the book will
mainly in the ins of
•tv and the narration of
rto \ ustralian life. To
dialect there will be
re in the fact that a consid
■ amount of space is piven to conver-
sations expressed in the kind of English
spoken by the "black fellows," a
iiHtives are called by the eettler^.
The country is not depicted as a para
dise. In describing the arrival of Miss
Tretfaskiss at a new town at the end of a
railway line, it ia laid :
Sh e looked out on a dusty road bordered by
tine houses with patches ot brown grass end
here and there a parched gldla tree between
the inclosures. The very vegetation gave an
impression of thirst and glare. An hibiscus
ehrub flaunting its red blossoms was an offense
to the eye, which found relief only in a
green passion vine, or native cucumber, strug
gling up a bough shade of withered branches.
The zizrc buildings rev.' out cruel diamond
gleams. All the houses of Cedar Hill were of
zinc. They bad traveled up tho line to each
successive terminus, and as the line went west
ward would be packed up and carried to the
next towubhip. There was a store, a zinc lock
up, a few dwelling huts, and all the rest of the
buildings were public-houses. Fifteen there
were in each with its due complement of
rowdies, -drivers, fencers, shearers,
fctockicen, diggers, shepherds "on the burst,"
aud the miscellaneous riff-rafT that collects in
a uorthern township. An odd background for
a lady wno somehow gave the Idea that she
had been born and brought ■ii. among all the
subtleties of an old-world civilization.
lie region beyond the railway, in tho dis
trict whore Mrs.Tregaskiss went "to live on her
husband's sheep range, was even more desolate
than Cedur Hill and, of course, there was no
companionship in it for a woman of refine
ment. Speaking of the land and of her loneli
ness in it she said:
"1 want sympathy. I wish soul, (spirit, intellect
to come and surround me. And there is
nothing— nothing, but coarse, cruel flesh and
blood, beef and mutton, parched barren
ground. Earth—earth! fit only to bury a
corpse in. Nothing but everlasting gum tree,
everlasting >_' i i > i scrub, everlasting dry plain."
Mie stretchei out her hands to the forest and
the distant level which touched the sky. "It's
awful, isn't it? It is horrible— so big, so lonely
and so aeadl"
The dialect of the black fellows is fairly
Well expressed in tlii.s example:
Nine uhs playing with a doll, acting the
" The chilfl's iinairina
lion, fed by the legends of the blacks' camp,
)i«a <v late been i xerclsing Itself upon this
mythical pei ■ 'Kail Here, you picka
ninny, you Mop ; " rehearsed Nlng,
putting her doll in the center of a circle de
fined by tiny henps of twigs, which she called
her :i ftd seen Claribel litfht fires
around the playground to keep debiVdebil
away. "Mummy, my make plenty fire, and
suppose debil-debil look after pickaninny he
uml pickaninny quite
Id, t!mt fellow debil-debil.
;i cold— like it. mummy. Bn'nl,he got
him i ".--111:1 rin.'. Bndgery fire— my mean very
re, No toucb .Mug's pickaninny."
The incidents of the story include a de
scription of a drought in the cattle country,
a strike of the (shepherds, a forest tire,
a camping-out picnic und the usual
scenes of life remote from civilization.
The picture given of Australian life is not
wholly attractive, and yet it has charms
for those who like freedom and adven
ture. It was not the right environment
for Mr-. Tregaskiss and she came near to
making a wreck of her life before she es
caped it. Mrs. Campbell-Praed, however,
was kind to her heroine, and after many
sorrows closed her career in Australia by
giving her a legacy of £20.000 and allowing
her to return to England with her hus
band, thoroughly reformed.
;"Mrs. Tregaskiss," a novel of Anglo-
Australian life; Mrs. Campbell-Praed. D.
Appieton & Co., New York. Price 50 cents.
For sale by William Doxey.j
THE JOURNAL OF A SIT IX PARIS.
A late book, published by Harper &
Bros. It is a fragment, both commencing
and ending abruptly. The name or. the title
Raoul Hesdin, affords no clew to the
tity of the writer of the original, it
being translated from the French.
It appears that during the Reign of
; Terror this Hesdin was permitted to work
; in the Tuilleriea in a room near which the
famous Committee of Public Faffity, o*
v. Inch Robespierre was a member, carried
on their deliberations. By thi" means he
piinprl access to certain information,
which is pat forth in the p<»£es o f the
hook. It is stated in the preface that such
information was neither very new nor
very important; that the name Hesdin is
a fictitious one, and finally that the frag
ment was perhaps intended lor the private
uses of the party to whom it was ad
'■■!.
In many places throughout this "diary"
are blanks or breaks which make it
extremely difficult for the reader to peruse
ted narrative. The many
references to contemporary English essay
warrant a presumption that the
author was an Englishman, or at least a
well-traveled and well-read individual.
who thoroughly appreciated the situation
J n * n ' Robespierre's adminis
lea is borne out by numer
ous fi otnotea characteristically British.
Afloodof lignt is thrown on the condi
tion ut I aria and Parisians in 1794-95. Un
der date of Marcn 7 the writer says :
It was enacted last autumn that the ieadinc
V lca; ' : '"-os a week trage*
laracter, and the recent
c the subject of a
drama, to which l went last night. It would
f»* ye ; °« tho sta*e at, the most
trumpery tair in England. * • •Certain
mo reserved ion he (;overnment • • •
•••, Voltaire, Kiiclne and all the old <!ra
matlsti are suspected of aristocracy Even
. or Komiii) subjects ure represented
sathen cods are tn ); ' ,i,., . t ,
euage of tbe heroes of the Bastille (Robespierre
m.etc.). Audhrutus Is forbidden to caU
-.our.
Two months later the author gives some
account of the trial of the Princess (prob
ably Mm". Elizabeth, sister of LouisXYli
He describes the unfortunate woman as
acting with Christian fortitude in facing
her enemies. Her judges are compared
in intelligence and probity to "stable
boys," though it is admitted that their
audiences in the courtrooms clamored
aloud for blood, and would permit no
leniency.
The "diary" betrays evidence of both
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 12, 1896.
haste and carelessness in its composition.
The writing is apparently that of an edu
cated man too pressed "for time to pay
much attention to such matters of detail
as literary style or elegance of diction.
[New YorK: Harper & Bros. For sale by
Payot, Upham & Co.]
INDIAN LEGENDS.
"The Siwash ; Life, Tales, and Legends
of Puget Sound and the Pacific North
west," is the title of a volume just issued
by the Calvert Publishing Company, Seat
tle, Wash. If, is in paper covers, 170 pages,
and is fully illustrated. The editor. J. A.
Costello, is a Seattle journalist, and his
excuse for the book is that "it is the first
attempt to depict the life or ethnology of
the maze of Indian tribes on Pusret
Sound." Mr. Costello's aim, he declares,
was to attain as nearly us possible the
facts in every instance, in order that read
ers might arrive at a proper understand
ing of fche natives of that country, as they
were found by the first whites to arrive.
Much of the work is a compilation of his
torical and other matter. The material
was largely drawn from old pioneers and
the more intelligent natives, and as oppor
tunities for obtaining such matter will not
last many years longer, the editor and
compiler hopes that his volume will find a
welcome place in the homes of the country
where the Siwash once nourished. Many
of the tales and legends remind one of bits
of Greek mythology.
The volume on the whole is interesting.
The Indians are gradually disappearing
and it seems deplorable that so little is to
day known, in a literary sense, concerning
the aboriginals of the great West. This
book, undoubtedly, rescues many tales
from what would otherwise be certain ob-
I livion. An age or two hence the Indian
; himself 'will be a story of other times. Mr.
Costello is entitled to credit for his ser-
I vices in assuring the preservation of these
tales and legends.
The legend of "The Thunder-bird" is one
■ of the many that, Mr. Costello has col
lected. Thai legend, which he brielly re
lates, has been put into experimental
verge by the reviewer and the result is
i given below. It is substantially faithful
to the original story whatever literary de
; fects it may have. "The Thunder-bird"
' may be set down as a fair example of the
Siwash myth. And here it 1?, with apolo
gies to the shade of Lungfellow:
61WA611 LEGEND OF PrRET SOUND.
List, degenerate Si wash children:
Ye who blush when the traditions
Of your fathers, men of power,
Ureal of mind and great of boJy,
RUe like conjured sprites to shame yon
In your weak and vile submission "
To the man of tongue, the paleface-
List the legend of the Habness,
Bung of old by great Pultawund,
Of Chluooks the peerless singer.
Now all conga are of the white man,
And all books are of his making.
List, the while 1 tell th» legend
bung when Biwash fame was golden.
Eons gone, so sang Pultawund,
Too-iux, gilding toward the northland
(Too-lux, oft yclept the south wind),
v earied of bis long excursion
From the land of deathless flowers:
\\ ea!c with hunger, having traveled,*
Halting not. o'er regions barren,
Mcl the Slwauh ogres?. Quoots-Hooi.
Baying, "I will bring thee perfumes
If my hunger thou appeasest."
Quoth tbeogresa, "Ply the fishnet.
Purchasing thy food with labor—
I'or the sea would fain be rid of
Many fishes that disturb him."
100-lux dragged the net and straightway
Caught "the little whale," the grampus':
liaised his knife to cut it open—
When the ogress cried. "Beware thee
Pierce not with thy Knife or rue thee!
with the sharp shell from the seashore
Split the fish, bat cut not crosaways!"
Too-lu.t, heeding not the warning,
Cut across Its side the grampus;
Stooped to slice the tempting blubber—
But big heart grew faint within him.
Strained his eyeballs at their sockets.
And he trembled us the leaf does
When lie blows his breath upon It—
He had scorned the cry of Quoots-llool •
With his blade had wrought the evil.
I/Ol the grampus 'can expanding—
Changed, like magic, In a twinkling,
To a bird of such proportions
Thar, In mounting to the heavens,
Wings outspread, the sky was darkened
And the sun obscured completely,
And the noise made by the wing Haps
Shook the earth, deep-awed and gloomy.
Thus the Thunder-bird, called Hahness,
Rose on earth to live forever.
Never Too lux to thr- northlnnd
Comes to meet the wintry ogress,
But, fro a distant hills appearing,
Kti'oopti the Huh ness o'er he valleys,
(Spreads his wines and earth la darkened
while the heaven, full of Borrow. *
Inconsolable in absence
Of the son, her bright-eyed lover,
"Wails, and tears fall In her anguish'
Till the Thunder-bird takes pity,
Folds his wings am! sinks to silence.
hen the earth smiles in reflection
Of the smiling of the heaven.
•'THE ONE WHO LOOKED ON."
After the ordinary novels of exaggerated
emotions told with tho straining ior effect
that 'tears passion to tatters," it is pleas
ant to come upon some story of quiet life,
having within it suggestions of deep and
true feeling. Such is the story told in
"The One Who Looked On." Nothing
could be more simple than the structure of
the tale. It is merely tho narrative of the
unfolding of the character of an excep
tionally strong man, who beneath a man
ner of cold reserve conceals the emotions,
but does not stifle the current, of a warm
and noble disposition.
The characters are few and the incidents
are in no respect extraordinary. The
whole interest of the work lies in the man-
ne r in which»the real nature of the hero is
developed and becomes clear to a youn-»
trirl who tells the course of his love and is
"The one who looked on." The style, in
harmony with the narrative, has the charm
of a graceful simplicity and eives the book
a literary value much above the standard
of the average novel of the day. ["The
One Who Looted On," F. P. Montresor
LMILV VA>DERBILT SLOANE.
New York: D. Appieton & Co. For sale
by William Doxey. Price, cloth, $1 25.1
FOND OF I-ITERATITRE.
It may be that one day the house of Van
derbilt will rival that of the Astors in a
literary as well as social way. William
Waldorf has taken his family name out
of commerce and stocks and written it on
the roll of authors. Emily Vanderbilt
Sloane has compiled a volume of extracts,
which is entitled "Ideals." The young
woman recently entered society, but did
not permit routs and bails and such
affairs to keep her from the literary work
she had marked out, which is partly repre
sented in "Ideal?." Miss Sloane is the
daughter of William Douglas Sloane and a
granddaughter of the late William H.
Vanderbilt. Her sister, Adele, was mar
ried to James Abercrombie Burden Jr.
TICKS ION.
In '"Cension" Maude Mason Adams
has given us a simple love tale and sketch
of ranch life near Paso del Norte. 'Cen
sion, the young daughter of a wealthy and
easy-going rancher, is passionately in love
with Eduardo Lenna, a boid, handsome
man of 38. She is simple, pu re, trustful,
beautiful, in direct contrast to the man on
whom she bestows her love. He is a liar,
thief and hypocrite, and cares for 'Cension
only as he would for an exquisite wild
flower, to be plucked, scented and trampled
in the dust. Eduardo is thought to have
another love, and one night 'Cension goes,
accompanied only by her dog, to a dance
hall in Del Norte to see her rival. Eduardo
explains his falseness away very glibly;
but his evil suggestions glance from the
girl as from shining armor, and in the end
her brother saves her from the villain's
wiles by proving him to be a robber, de
serter of wife and children and would-be
murderer. There are some striking scenes
in the tale, which is well illustrated. [Pub
lished by HarDer & Brothers, New York.
For sale by William Doxey.]
LITMi: A!: '. NOTES.
It is reported that Count Tolstoi's "Anna
Karenina" has been dramatized in French
un>l that in the last act the heroine is run
over by a railway train in full sight of the
audience.
Mrs. Humphry Ward lives, when in
the country, at Aid bury, a sleepy English
village of 800 people, under the Chiitern
Hills. Mrs. Ward's residence is called
••Stack's House."
Mrs. George Augustus Sala has inti
mated that she proposes to write tlie story
of her husband's life. The announcement
is made to prevent the publication of un
authorized biographies.
Mr. Baring-Gould thinks out many fo
tiis plots lying in bed. The foundations of
more than one story have been developed
In a single sleepless night. He makes DO
notes except a brief sketch of each chapter.
Rhoda Brooghton is still living at Ox
ford, a stately, charming woman, just be
ginning the autumn of life. She rarely goes
tv London now, but is always pleased to
welcome her literary friends to her home
in the classic ohi university town.
Robert Louis Stevenson's history of his
own family will appear in the forthcoming
edition of his works now being prepared
in Edinrmrgh. It ends with the great
AT SUNSET, ALL ALONE, 'CENSIO.N DEPARTED OVER THE FIELDS FOR
DEL NORTE.
[From " 'tension," by Maude Mason Adams.]
achievement of his grandfather's life in
the building of the Bell Rock lighthouse.
Notwithstanding her many duties as
editor of Harper's Bazar Mrs. Sangster
finds time to do much outside work. She
has a regular department in Harper's
Round Table, and now it is announced
that she has just written a serial story that
will be published in that periodical.
The Land of'Sunahine pronounces Rider
Haggard's "Heart of the World" a "gor
geously readable book," but before doing
so remarks that "Mr. Hagpard conscien
tiously misspells two-thirds of the Spanish
words he uses, and misuses a fair share of
the rest, and this is his least blunder."
Stanley J. Weyman, whose "Red Cock
ade" has been one of the most successful
of recent novels, has given up his inten
tion of taking a lone rest, and is at work
on a new historical romance. "VYeyman is
a very careful workman and frequently
spends a week in constructing and writing
a chapter.
Richard Henry Rtoddard is of the
opinion that the well-bred persons in Wil
liam Biack's serial "Uriseis," now appear
ing in Harper's Magazine, are a welcome
addition to the characters of fiction. The
tale itself moves as blithely as a holiday
pageant and is in pleasant contrast to the
morbid literature that iilis so many book
covers at the present day.
Helen Mathers wrote her novel, "Comin'
Thro' the Rye," in a bit of pique. Her
father, who was a strict disciplinarian, de
nied her some cherished wish, and she
paid him off by depicting the family mar
tinet in her book. She was greatly sur
prised when her novel was accepted by the
publishers, and went about in an agony of
fear lest her father should discover the
author.
A striking contribution to the literature
of the new year will be that of Slatin
Pasha. Before the Mahdi's victories in
the Sondan he was Governor of Darfur
and in command of large military iorces.
He fought twenty-seven pitched battles
before surrendering and has given a vivid
account of them. He was present, during
the siege of Khartoum, and to his feet
Gordon's head was brought within an
hour of the city's fall. "Fire and Sword
in the Soudan" will be illustrated with
maps and thirty-two engravings.
In his new "Recollections of Napoleon
Til," Sir William Fraser says that the
Kmperor looked like a sick eagfe — "his eyes
small and not at all prominent, his head
held slightly at one side, an appearance
of abstraction about him." His chief re
semblance to the Bonaparte family
was in his back. One good saying
of the Emperor is recorded. When
Nicholas I of Russia congratulated him
on coming to the throne, he addressed
him as "my friend" instead of "my
brother," the usual royal phrase. "This
is most flattering," said the Emperor.
"We choose our friends ; we cannot choose
our relatives."
Dean Hole's book giving his impressions
of this country, just out, contains some
curious inaccuracies. He says, for in
stance, that in prohibition towns liquor is
generally dispensed in teapots, and
tells about a guest in a hotel who,
upon calling for something to drink,
was told by the landlord: "You
will find a little tap near your dressing
table in your room, 'which will put you in
communication with the old rye, and you
can take what you please for yourself and
your friends, as there is a meter on the
other side of the wall." It cannot be sup
posed that this was a persona! experience
of the good dean, and it looks, therefore,
as if some wag had been "stuffing" him.
It is not too much to say that "The
Traveler" of San Francisco is one of the
handsomest journals published in this
country. The January number appears
with a photograph in colors as a frontis
piece, giving a graphic picture of the vol
cano of Kilauea at the Hawaiian Islands.
Chief among the contents is an entertain
ing sketch on palmistry, with illustrations,
by Jane Seymour Klink; Arthur Inkers
ley contributes a bright sketch, giving an
account of his experience at Oxford; W.
: V. Bryan has a two-page article on the
} luxuries of mountain railways; Santa Bar
j baia, by H. Edwards, ia quite a unique
I sketch, and Mrs. K. S. Marshall contrib-
utes an article on San Leandro Lake, giv
ing an account of the great water supply
system through a large part of Alameda
County.
Dr. William L. Phelps of Yale announces
that the novels which he will discuss in
his popular course on popular fiction dur
ing this year include the following books:
"The Children of the World," by Heyse;
"Dame Care," by Sudermann; "A House
of Gentlefolk" ("Liza"), by Turgenev;
"Fathers and Sons," by Turgenev; "Anna
Karenina," by Tolstoy; "Where Love Is
There God Is Also," by Tolstoy; "Pan
Michael," by Sienkiewiez: "Synnove Sol
bakken," by Bjornson ; "In God's Way,"
by Bjornson; "'Jack," by Daudet; "An
Iceland Fisherman," by Loti; "The Crime
of Sylvester Bonnard," by France. In this
list most of the modern schools and kinds
of fiction are represented, in so far, at
least, as foreign writers are concerned. In
the course of the term Dr. Phelps will also
lecture on Ibsen and his influence on the
novel.
FOR ARMENIA.
Mass-Meeting to Protest Against the
Atrocities to Be Held at Bletro
politan Temple.
A mass-meeting will be held in Metro
politan Temple to-morrow evening, Janu
ary 13, at 8 o'clock, to protest against
Turkish barbarities; to appeal to the
powers of Europe and our Government to
stop the slaughter cf Christians; to de
mand the protection of American life and
property.
All citizens who love justice and the
honor of the American name are invited to
attend.
His Honor Mayor Sutio will preside. S.
M. Shortridge will make the principal ad
dress; John Bonner will make an histor
ical statement: speeches by Bishops Good
sell and Nichols, Rabbi Voorsanger and
Drs. Stebbins, Monton and others.
The committee in charge consists of H.
C. Minton. D.D., W. D. Williams. D.D.,
Thomas Filben, D.D., George E. Walk,
D.D., Kabbi Yoorsanger, Key. H. N.
Bsvier.
REV. MR. KING'S SCHEME
Will Establish a Great Co-oper
ative System in This
City.
Business Houses of all Kinds Will Be
Started in the Near Future.
His Plans.
Rev. Francis King, a minister who re
cently arrived in this City from the East,
is making preparations to launch a co
operative scheme, the like of which has
never before been established in the San
Francisco community.
Rev. Mr. King has long been a student
of social conditions as they exist, and be
lieves that the time is ripe for a plan to
unite the efforts of men for their common
good. He believes that the co-operative
plans of the past, many of which have
been auspiciously launched only to be
wrecked on the rocks of discord, have
failed because the projectors or those who
embarked in the schemes did not stick to
their original plans, but allowed them
selves to be drawn into side issues that
eventually brought dissensions into the
ranks and finally broueht their efforts to
naught.
"To make a co-operative plan a success,"
he said yesterday, "those who undertake
it must first fix upon a feasible plan, allow
those who are shown to have the most
executive ability to direct their efforts and
then follow the direction first taken to the
last extent.
"The plan we are now working on is
different from any that has yet been tried
in this City, but we— that'is, those who
have signified their intention of joining
the association now forming — have nu
doubt of its ultimate success. We shall
begin in a small way, say with 100 mem
bers, and gradually, as the machinery gets
into working order, more will be taken in.
The lirst hundred members will appoint a
committee to formulate a constitution and
by-laws which will provide for the election
of a president and other officers. The
plans of the association differ materially
from those of the Labor Exchange in
many particulars, chief among them being
that money will cut a very important
ligure in the scheme.
"Without funds we can do nothing, and
our first efforts will be devoted to raising
these iunds. The first hundred members
will pay for some time monthly dues into
the treasury.
"Some have agreed to pay ?1 per month,
others $5 per month, and so on. When suf
ficient money has been collected to begin
operations, one business house will be es
tablished. It may be a tailoring establish
ment, a shoe factoiy or any other business
which the members elect.
"It is acknowledged by all that by the co
operative system cheaper and better re
sults can be obtained than by individuals,
so that all things being equal it should do
as well as any other business of the kind.
"Here is where the membership of the
association will come in. Each member
will be pledged to patronize the business
started by the association ana to induce
his friends and business associates to do
the same. As the membership of the as
sociation increases the patronage of the
business^will enlarge, and it is hoped to
have it on a paying basis in a short time.
"Then members who are expert in some
other line will be selected to start some
other business on ttie same lines, the
monthly dues aiding to push the now es
tablishment along until it can stand on its
own legs. We hope eventually to estab
lish a gigantic system by which all our
members can live getting the maximum
wage for the minimum of labor and pro
ducing such goods as will be to tne great
est beneiit to all. By adhering strictly to
the plan as outlined we are sure of ulti
mate success.
"Of course it will take men of executive
ability to direct the affairs of the concern,
but we already have many men of good
.-tunuingand ousmess sense interested and
DO difficulty will be experienced in this di
rection. We will soon begin to hold meet
ings on the matter, and once organized the
association will make rapid progress."
HEALTH LAWS.
3HJIOUS3XTESS.
Too much bile is biliousness.
** •
Biliousness may come from your over-
loading your stomach.
* *•
Biliousness may come from a chronic
liver complaint; in any event use Joy's
Vegetable Sarsaparilla.
*
* *
Sick headaches result from a bilious at-
tack and are cured by the use of Joy's
Vegetable Sarsaparilla.
A dark-yellow, muddy skin is unnatural
— it is the sign of biliousness; clear it with
Joy's Vegetable Sarsaparilla.
•* *
Liver spots are dark-brown spots. They
frequently coyer the different portions of
the body— are' the result of a liver com-
plaint. Drive them away by the use of
Joy's Vegetable Sarsapariila.
»
• *
Unrelieved biliousness leads to jaundice.
* *
Just before you get too yellow use Joy's
Vegetable Sarsaparilla.
I • ••
When you are melancholy, irritable and
cranky your liver is disordered and you
should use Joy's Vegetable Sarsaparilla.
***
Early morning cocktails go straight to
the liver and result in biliousness; you
ought to use Joy's Vegetable Sar3apafilla
instead of the cocktail.
*
Fruits and vegetables are especially good
to eat when you are bilious, but De moder-
ate, even in the use of Joy'a Vegetable
Sarsaparilla.
♦ **
Moderation Is longevity.
***
An immoderate person may live long
but would live longer had he been mod-
erate.
'. NEW TO-PAT.
STARVED.
STOMACH RUINED AND MEMORY GONE.
Caused by Using 8421 Plugs of Tobacco.
A. T. r.mlil. Druggist, of Arnprior,
Ont., Reports This "Wonder-
ful Case.
Man does a lot of foolish things, and
when you come to look them all over, the
continued use of tobacco is, without doubt,
the most unaccountable of them all.
Tobacco kills more people than all the
contagious diseases together.
We don't know it, or don't want to ad-
mit it, but it's so. Not one man in ten
would get sick so easily and die from
catarrh, consumption, pneumonia, heart
disease, etc., if his otherwise strong con-
stitution were not undermined by tobacco
poison.
It's so easy to eet started and so impos-
sible to stop tobacco use, unless Xo-To-
Bac comes 10 the rescue. Millions are
now seeking relief, and they are coming
from all parts of the world. Read this let-
ter:
He Now Can Eat.
Arnprior, Ont., Sept. 20, 1895.
A. T. Budd Esq., Druggist, Arnprior,
Ont. — Dear Sir: I have used No-To-Bac
and found it a complete cure. 1 had
smoked and chewed for 20 years. I had
used a 10-cent plug of chewing tobacco
every day, as weil as three plugs of smok-
ing a week. My doctor told me that to-
bacco was killinc me, and I tried to quit
of my own accord, but could not exist
without it. After using three boxes of No-
To-Bac lam completely cured. My nerves
were a complete wreck, but now my nerves
never trouble me. For many years I
could not eat any breakfast, my stomach
was in such a bad condition. Now I can
eat as well as any one, and have gained
considerable in weight, and am better
physically and mentally than ever before,
and I can highly recommend No-To-Bac
as a complete cure.
JAMES HEADRICK,
Clay Bank P. 0., Ont.
Now, No-To-Bac is a nerve-maker, aids
digestion, and will help any one from
weakness to health. It is ttie grandest
medicine ever made; over 300,000 cures.
You run no risk, for you can buy No-To-
Bac under absolute guarantee from your
own druggist. Do it to-day ! Now is the
time, and in a week or two be free and
well. Get our booklet, "Don't Tobacco
Spit and Smoke Your Life Away." Writ-
ten guarantee and free sample mailed for
the asking. Address The Sterling Remedy
Company, Chicago or New York.
FURNITURE
FOR
4 ROOMS
$85.
Parlor — Silk Brocatelle, 5-Peice Suit, plush
trimmed.
Bedroom— 7-Peice Elegant Stilt, bed, bureau,
washstand. two chairs, rocker and table; pil-
lows, woven wire and top mattress.
Dininc-Koom— tJ-Foot Extension Table, four
Solid Oak Chairs.
Kitchen— No. 7 Range, Patent Kitchen Table
and two Chairs.
EASY PAYMENTS.
Houses furnished complete, city or country, any-
where on the Coast. Open evenings.
M. FRIEOra & CO.,
224 to 230 and 306 Stockton
and 237 Post Street.
Free packing and delivery across the bay.
GRATEFUL-COMFORTING.
EPPS'S COCOA
BREAKFAST-SUPPER.
•"D V A THOROUGH KNOWLEDGE OF THB
J-> natural laws which govern the operations 61
digestion and nutrition, and by a careful appliea-
i tioc *f the line properties of well-selected Cocoa.
; Mr. Epp» has provided for our breakfast and supper
I a delicately flavored beverage, which may save us
many heavy doctors' bills. It is by the Ju'licioua
use of such articles of diet that a constitution may
be gradually built up until s:ron< enough to resist
j every tendency to disease. Hundreds ol subtra
maladies are floating around us. ready to attack
wherever there is a weak point. We may esrap*
many a fatal shaft by keeping ourselves well forti-
fled with pure blood and a properly nourished
frame."— Civil Service Gazette.
Made simply with boiling water or milk. B*l4
I only in half-pound tins, by grocers, labeled thn»:
I JAMES KPPS & CO., Ltd., Homceuputhlo
Chemists, London, England.
LI PO TAI JR., /TV
Chinese Tea and Herb L* j
Sauitorium, ©^Mh
No. 727 Washington St., \•* 3
San Francisco, Cal. \ <5-" 9
Cor. Brenhßm Place, abovt *££=* A
tie plant J^/JL
Ofllce noun: 9to 13, -^%/jfl^\
1 to -1 and 5 to 7. Sun- *%§^
day, 0 A. 31. to 12 M.
Li Fo Tal Jr., son of the famous Li Pa
Tai, has taken his father's business,
and is, after eleven years' study in
China, fully prepared to locate and
treat all diseases.
COAL! COAL!
Wellington «10 00 ....
Southlield 9 50
Genuine Coos Bay 7 Half ton 3**s*B
Seattle 8 00— Half ton 4, 00
Bryant. 8 00— Half too 400
Telephone— Elack— 35.
KNICKERBOCKER COAL CO.,
833 Howard Street, Near First.
DR. WO JG WOO
Chinese I>ruir«i /*?!r^>2?"l^
and Tea and Herb w9* '/""l
Sanitarium, fa? ■*■ -J
770 CLAY STIiKKT, fJjL .VS
Bet. Kearnv and Dupont, §?S« 4§- *"
Han Francisco. F^f *>SJ^ /^
for two years troubled I A.H , W
for two years with in- X.'JiiaSL J' 
flummatlon of the IunKSfrKESL V +■' j
and heart disease, and T ujaj. jT -
was unable to iind re-S.W i jn ,£*
I was treated for I i ir.-«' wttßttgtßjK^Kf J&*Qm
weeks by Dr. Woni» WooK»JaS«EO^»^Ki^
and perfectly restored '^' BBBPBBjSJSBJmA
health. JOHN HKGLI,
Six Mile House, Mission Road.
Office hours: 9:30 to 11 a. m.; 1 to 3, 7t09 p. M
RIGGS HOUSE,
'WT'asliiiigtoii, ID. O.
The Hotel " Par Kxeellence"
Of the :Satioß*l Capital. I'irst class in all appoint
ments. a. Die WITT. Treaa.
American plan, $3 per day and
upward.
— — — .
j i DON'T PAY
.Jr*W^V'S^B£SlN£ * ;!0 tir * 4() for an Electrio
IMiSj&wiSfidSS/V 51 ' 1 ' wht>n W(J wm sell yo'J
"'''vv'»' i! '^^8 i far '".* ' Pr one at from
B^^^^f^r!^? ' 1 '"" 1 • v " v examine DR.
?W ! ffi* : &RoF&* PIKRCE'S. Has current
rjff* regulator and all latest i:n-
%wiT '* pruvementa. Pamphlet
%>JLt>. ir *" - Call or address I>H.
■** PIERCE & .sg^,", 704
SocraiaeuW street, Son t*tl*t? f)a' '• -22
The
Theatres
THE Tavary Grand Opera Com
pany will come as a boon and a
blessing to people who care for
something more musicianly than
•The New Rally,' or "I Don't
TV ant to Play in Your Yard,' 1 but a glance
over the published repertory arouses a feel
ing of sorrow that though Charles Pratt
eeems to hove been enterprising in securing
additional artists, not one novelty in the way
of new operas is announced. In fact, for
the most part, he only promises us the
same eld list of works that have lulled our
ears from childhood up, the works we
pounded out as "fantasias" when wo were
learning the piano, the works halicwed by
youthful memories of hand-organs, and,
worst of all, the works we have heard all
the Pattis "in herba" of our acquaintances
"sing" ( ?) ever since we can remember any
thing.
The dear old "Sonnambula," for in
stance. Her sleepwalking act thrilled our
mothers and grandmothers, but that was
before Richard Wagner introduced the
fashion of having plots to oper.is. "The
Old Girl" as Balfe used to call her, is also
on Mr. Pratt's list and among the other
ancient and familiar friends are "Martha,"
"The Travinta." '"The Jewess" and
"L'Africaine." The composer of the last
work is also to be remembered hy "Les
Huguenot?, 1 ' and Verdi is also represented
by "II Trovatore." "Iligoletto" and
"Aida."' Rossini bobs up serenely with
"William Tell" and — but why go
through the list? The above-mentioned
works give an index to the whole of the
repertory, unless indeed the saving clause
"and others,"' which ends the category,
contains a promise that we are to hear
come of the novelties of the last few years.
This is an age of opera-writinsr. Europe
is constantly deluged with new works,
some of them of great merit ; but in Fan
Francisco we have heard nothing of all the
modern successes but the "Cavalleria Rus
ticana' and ''I Pagliacpt."
Mascagoi and Leoncavallo have both
written voluminously since those first pro
ductions, but so far a3 we are concerned
they might have been mute. The Zola-
Bruneau opera, "L'Attaque dv Moulin,"
has been on the boards for a couple of
years, and the more the critics hear it the
more they say it will live when we are all
dead ; but that is no reason why we should
die without hearing it. "Hansel and Gre
tel" is an extraordinarily successful opera
that we have virtually heard nothing of;
bo is "La Nararraise."
No one would be so unreasonable as to ast
Mr. Pratt to pay heavy royalties on many
new operas, but he might at least favor
us with one unhackneyed work. If a dra
matic company came for a long run, with
out announcing a single novelty, and with
half its repertory made up of stereotyped
old works, w« should probably clamor for
something more in accordance with
modern standards. We have more reason
to clamor when a good opera company
comes to us without novelties, for, of all
arts, that of opera-writing is the one that
has made most universal progress during
the last quarter of a century.
Baldwin Theater.
"Daughters of Eve" will receive its last
presentation by Marie Wainwnght and
her company at the Baldwin Theater to
night.
Sheridan Knowles' "Love Chase" hap
been cnosen to commence the second and
last week of Miss Wainwright's engage
ment. Both she and her company are said
to be fitted with congenial roles in the
drama. "The Love Chase" will be given
on Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday " and
Thursday nights. Dumas' "La Dame
HATTIE RUSSELL AS WIDOW GREEN IN "THE LOVE CHASE" AT THE
BALDWIN.
aux Camlias" will be the bill for Friday
night and Saturday matinee, and as this
will be the first time that Miss Wainwright
has appeared in this role in San Francisco
there will be unusual interest in the per
formance. Her portrayal of Camille has
been accepted by Eastern critics. Tom
Taylor's comedy drama, "'An Unequal
Match," will be presented by Miss 'Wain
wright on Saturday and Suuday nights.
California Thenter.
Louis James will open the second week
of his engagement at the California with
the first San Francisco production of his
now play, "Marmion," a dramatization by
Percy Saire of Sir Walter Scott's famous
poem. The author has endeavored to re
tain the martial flavor of the poem and
the breezy, outdoor atmosphere which
pervades it. He is said to have followed
the story of the romance with fidelity,
only deviating from it in minor particulars
for trreater dramatic effect.
Mr. Sage baa taken up the story of
Scott's romance at the parting of Con
stance and Marmion at St. Cuthbert's
Abbey, when Marmion, finding that the
irirl who for love of him has adjured her
religious vows and followed him disguised
as a page is an obstacle to his marriage |
with the wealthy and influential Lady
Claire, decides to rid himself of her. The
story of Constance leaving the convent
where Marmion leaves her, of her follow
ing him and securing the proofs of his
tieacherous betrayal of De Wilton and of ,
ncr subsequent condemnation and doatli
are all dramatically told. The last act
represents the battle of Flodden Field. I
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 12, 1596.
where Marmion dies lighting for his
country and his king.
"Mann ion" will be played on Monday
and Thursday nights; on Tuesday James
will give a performance of "Othello," on
Wednesday and Sunday nights "Macbeth"'
and Saturday night "Hamlet."
"In O!d Kentucky" follows Louis James
at the California Theater.
Columbia Theater.
"The Senator" was one of the most
popular of the Frawley Company's pro
ductions last season, and in response to a
demand for its repetition it has been de
cided to make it the bill for this week, in
stead of "The Arabian Nights," as was
originally intended. "The Senator" is a
thoroughly American play, and deals with
fashionable life at the National capital.
There is a well-defined plot, which involves
j love, ollicc-seekins; and political intrigue.
i The cast of "The Senator" is almost the
; same us last season, except that Jennie
Kennark will play the role of Mabel Den
j man, instead of Catherine Gray.
Grand Opera-House.
The pastoral drama, "A Long Lane,"
will be the bill for this week at Morosco's.
llt is an American story, its author, ,
Sedley Brown, being well known In the
East. There is nothing of the conven
| tional drama about it.
The story hinges upon the betrayal of a
j yonng girl by the villain, Frank Findley.
I The leading Female role is strong. It will
Jbe taken by Maud Edna Hall. There is
i enough comedy running through the live
acts to keep Swain and Florence Thronn
busy. n
Grovnr'a Alcazar.
"My Precious Baby" has proved so suc
cessful at Grover's Alcazar that it will run
for another week.
On Wednesday there will be a "Doll
matinee," at which "precious babies" will
be given away to all the ladies and chil
dren present.
Tivoli Opera-Houso.
The second edition of "Ixion, or The
THE TRIAL OF CONSTANCE.
[From "Marmion," to be produced at the California this week.]
Man at the Wheel," has met with favor
at the Tivoli Opera-house, and it has been
resolved to continue the performance until
further notice. On Tuesday more new
material will be added to tlie burlesque
to commemorate its twenty-fifth perform
ance. A special souvenir night will be
given, at which photographic mementos
will be distributed to all the lady patrons.
This will also be a special bicycle night,
and several prominent clubs have signified
their intentions of attending.
At the Orplienm.
Two new acts will be presented at the
Orpheum to-morrow evening by Gilmore
and Leonani and "William Roberts. !
The former are recommended as being one
of the cleverest Irish comedy teams in the
business, and Roberts comes heralded as a
great equilibrist. The Eastern press >
notices of all are said to be Mattering.
Of last week's new people Mason and ;
Healey and the Deltorellos," who proved to j
be valuable additions to the bill, will
remain. Caron and Herbert, the Manhat
tan Comedy Four and Clifford and Huth
are also among the holdovers on this
week's programme.
Stole a Play.
"Speaking of play stealing," remarked
Charles Barton the other night, "I'll never j
forget the way 'Forget-Me-Not first saw ;
light in San Francisco. It was away back I
in the seventies. I was treasurer of the '
Baldwin Theater and we were running a I
tirst-class company. 'Forget-Me-Not ;
scored a great hit in London and the news !
of its success reached us by cable. The ■
manager cabled back to his London '
agents to steal it by fair means or i
foul— he didn't care which. Six men were i
sent to the London performance every i
night and ihcy jotted down the [
dialogue bit by bit. Three weeks '
later 'Forget-Me-Not becan to arrive. It
came on the backs of old envelopes, on tol- |
egraph blanks, and one scene, I remember, !
was written on the blank sheets of a !
prayer-book. A fortnight later we had the '
play complete, and then bepan the busi
ness of piecing it together and writing it '
out for rehearsal. It was a big task, but
it proved worth while. 'Forget-Me-Not :
was the first melodrama with a silent end- !
ing. In these days its last scene was re- i
garded as unique, and it made a tre
mendous hit on the coast. And. mind I
you, that was long before 'Forget-Me-Not
received its legitimate production in New j
York and Generieve Ward and RoseCogh- i
Jan had made their famous squabble for !
the sole American rights."
A California Actor.
Holbrook Blinn is said to have made a
ercat success with the Effie Ellsler com
pany. The roles in which he is especially
strong are Eomeo and Armand in "Ca
niiJie." The Uutte Miner also alludes to
LOUIS JAM£S AS O HELLO AT Till; CALIFORNIA.
the young Galifornian'a Orlando as "a
easterly piece of acting."
Bauer Concert.
Adolph Bauer announces his first ap
pearance in San Francisco as a pianist
He will give a Chopin recital on the 19th
inst. at the St. Nicholas Hotel.
A CALIFORNIA ARTIST.
He Sheds Tears at the sight of a Beer
Bottle.
Gambetta is a name suggestive of
French politics, says the New York Her
ald, but it is doubtful whether the trained
bear that leads a theatrical career in the
"Sidewalks of New York" cares anything
about frog-eaters, though he answers to
that distinguished appellation. He is of
California extraction, of French training
and with the German taste for be?r. Tlie
actors and actresses who are in the caste
with Garabetta bold him in great re
spect, being careful never to tread on his
toes or give him any pain— at least no
greater pain than he may be called upon
to endure in witnessing their daily per
formances. While formidable enough in
size and strencth, Gambetta is really a
gentle child of nature who will cry like
any other child for candy and sweetmeats,
and will shed tears at the sight of a beer
bottle out of reach.
He knows the voice of every member of
the company. Having recently been re
galed with old-fashioned sticks of candy,
SCgNE FROM "A LONG LANE" AT MOROSCO'S GRAND OPERA- HOUSE.
of the barber-pole variety, Gambetta licks
his chops at the sight of a pair of striped
Ftoekintrs, and came mightily near nipping
"Jane Ann Cuddy's" hose the other night.
The cuff he received from his trainer didn't
hurt his feelings half so much as bis dis
appointment became McCarthy's legs
were not sticks of candy.
Gainoetta got loose one day and climbed
up the narrow stairs that !er>d to the dress
ing-rooms at t c back. He wasn't missed
until a feminine veil, that was followed by
a half made-up figure scooting down the
banister, announced the fact that he was
rnvesticating the mysteries of the theatri
cal toilet. They found him drinking a
bottle of cologne, with one eye in the
cracked mirror, which multiplied it iiito
seven bottles.
GKA>'D OPERA.
The Famous Metropolitan Opera-House
Company Coming to the Baldwin.
Arrangements have just been concluded
between Al Hayman and Abbey, Schoeffel
&i Gran, for a two weeks' season of grand
opera at the Baldwin Theater, beginning
May 4.
It i? stated that tbe fuJl strength of
the Metropolitan Opera - house Com
pany will travel acros3 the continent,
together with the big. chorus. The two
De Reszkea are coming, as well as
Melba, Calve, Nordica, Saville. Mantelli,
and the rest. The repertoire will be the
same as that at present being given in
New York. Probably Wagner's "Tristan
and Isolde," which has proved the
event of the season, will be performed, as
well as "La Navarraise."
If the coming season proves a financial
success there is every probability that
Messrs. Abbey, Schoeffel & Grau will
make it an annual event.
Dramatic Brevities.
"A Milk White Flag" comes to the
Baldwin shortly.
The first Paderewski recital at the
California takes place on February 10.
Richard Mansfield has placed in re
hearsal an adaptation of Stanley Weyman's
success, "The Red Robe." It will be pre
sented initially at the Grand Opera-house,
New Orleans, on the 14th inst.
The author of "Marmion," at the Cali
fornia Theater this week, is the son of Mrs.
Abbey Sage Richardson, who adapted
Pardon's "A Woman's Silence" and his
"Americans Abroad" for the Lyceum
stock company.
Jane May, the clever French pantomim
ist, has sued Rev. Joseph M. Pullman of
BrMgenort for $25,000 for libeling her
character in a sermon. It is sfated that
the reverend gentleman did not take the
precaution to see the show before preach
ing the sermon.
Olea Nethersole has made another sen
sation with her Carmen at the Empire
Theater. The play is adapted from Pros
per Merimee's book and follows closely
the operatic version. Miss Nethersole has
a congenial role, in which she can give
free vent to her fervid style of acting. Her
love-making with Don Jose is realistic to a
degree, and her kiss bids fair to rank with
the famous one in Sigfried.
Joseph Jefferson recently made a curtain
speech at Springfield, 111., and told the
story of the time, fifty-four years aeo,
when his father tried to open the first the
ater in that city. The trustees of the town
tried to stop him by setting up a heavy
license fee, and Abraham Lincoln volun
teered his service as counsel and secured a
reduction of the license.
Sleep on the Floor.
Mrs. S. F. Lewis of 17 Precita avenue relates
a sad tale of desiitution. Although she has a
husband, who is a. barber by trade, she snys
she is absolutely without food or means. Iler
husband has fallal to make any money for
five moutua, bi» last two employers refusing to
pay him his wages, without reason, according
toh -fife. Their baby-girl, 2 years old, has
become ill for want of nutriment and has been
taken to St. Luke's Hospital. The unhappy
father end mother have no furniture and are
compelled to sleep on the floor of their room.
The case is called to the attention of the
charitable.
LAND CHARGE IGNORED.
Maritime Jurisdiction Defined in a Suit
Against Moore, Ferguson
& Co.
A. decision rendered by United States
District Judge Morrow yesterday defines
the limits of admiralty jurisdiction and
will prove valuable as a matter of informa
tion to transportation companies.
The case determined was the suit of the
Pacific Coast Steamship Company against
Moore, Ferguson & Co., commission mer
chants, to recover a balance of freight due
on a shipment of 2413 sacks of barley
(271,510 pounds) from Moss Bay to
Diego.
The steamship company alleged in its
libel that the freight rate agreed upon was
$4 35 per ton, including a charge of 25
cents per ton for storage in the Moss Bay
warehouse. But in this gross rate was in
cluded also a rate of $1 per ton said to
have been advanced by the steamship
company on behalf of the consignors to
the Pajaro Valley Raiiroad Company for
carrying the barley from Blanco by rail
to iloss Bay. The* balance alleged to be
due altogether was put at $251 15.
Against this Moore, Ferguson <fc Co. set
np that they had contracted to pay only
$5 10 per ton for the shipment Dy water,
with the storage charge of 25 cents addi
tional. They had, therefore, tendered in
court a balance of only $115 39 as full pay
ment, and events have proved that they
had the best end of the law.
Of course, Moore, Ferguson & Co. chal
NEW TO-DAY— AMUSEMENTS.
BH8HBCI& TO-MGHT(StBday).
LAST TIME— "DAUGHTERS OF EVE!"
BEGINNING MONDAY, JANUARY 13— 2 D AND LAST WEEK OF
MARIE WAINWRIGHT
And a Carefully Selected Company In Repertory:
Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday "THE LOVE CHASE'
Friday flight and Saturday Matinee "CAMILLE"
Saturday and Sunday , s "AH UNEQUAL MATCH'
Next Attraction — THE TAYARY GRAND OPERA GO,
#ALlHfflS*lfi *•"££*" TO-NIQHT (SUNDAY),
lIWsATRg op^ "ViRGINiUS."
BEGINS EN TO-MORROW (MONDAY), JAN. 13 3d AMI LAST WEEK OF
AMERICA'S REPRESENTATIVE TRAGEDIAN,
MR. LOUIS JAMES
Monday and Thursday ffi?iJS2) • • MARMIOM
Tuesday (By Request)../. OTHELLO
Wednesday and Sunday MACBETH
Friday Ev'g and Saturday Matinee . . . ROMEO AND JULIET
(MR. JAMES as MERCUTIO)
Saturday Sight • • • HAM LET
MONDAY, JAN. 20— "IN OLD KENTUCKY."
•'•PR!EDLANDER,GOTTLOB&(9 LttoES&MANAGERS-"
LAST PERFORMANCE— TO-NIGHT
LQSTJPARAg^Ef
TO-MORROW E"\7"3Esra"l3>o"O, '
THE SUPERB FRAWLEY COMPANY
"TUB SENATOR!"
The Perfection of All Great American Plays.
An American Comedy Illustrating Social, Diplomatic and Political Life In Washington D C
New and Magnificent Scenery! Klegant Costumes'
SKATS 15c, 35c, 50c and 7. m .
WEEK JANUARY 30 "THE ENSIGN."
v MOROSCO'S GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
WALTER MOROSCO fZZZZZ ZZZZtTZZZZI «*.
TO-MORROW EVENING MONDAY. JAIfUARY 13
LOOK. OUT FOR THIS! '
SEDLEY BROWN'S FAMOUS PASTORAL PLAY,
-A. 3L.OISTG- 3L,^.3STE!
A Tale of Strong Interest, Dealing With Modern American Life.
j^joxkr ACCESSORIES ■
NEW I — effects- ! GOOD
THE USUAL POPULAR PRICES.
t/f A/V^^/i^ JIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE
W&j/ff/s&r %/sfr/iL/&y EVERY E3 ATE3NI3ST3-
$&r r 4irA 7 , D T" the mm edition i —
V °* the Brilliant Spectacular Bur- „
MATINEE TO-DAY AT S . lesque, A
Matinee prices— lOc, 15c, 25c. No higher SZ^SIS CZ^ |^J" ■
Simply the Funniest Comedy on Earth, j NEW SONGS' 0
MY PRECIOUS BABY - KEW °^s^™ti-
Ull iIIJLjUIUUiJ DriDl new specialties:
TUESDAY KVE^INO, JANUARY 14,
SATURDAY NIGHT, 25TH I'KRFOKMA iOE,
THE WOLVES_OF NEW YORK SPECIAL SOUVENIR NIGHT!
Night Prlces-lOc, 15c, 25c, 35c, sOc. ; Popular Prices and 3 a,
ORPHEUM. PAPiFir mAm
C'F.rreU etw et. Between Stockton am Po-raC rAOITIU \J t\ O 1
MATINEE TO.DAY~7iuNDAY). JAN. 12. JOCKFY CL I J
Parquet, any seat. 25c; Balcony, any seat, 10a- ° Vl^ * V I— < 1 VLiUU
Children, any pan. 10c. • * ll 10 - (Ingle.side Track).
. (Ingle-.nl<? Track),
Tremendous Success of Our New People. '{ : %O§k
MASON AND HEALY
DELTORhLLO BROTMPRS f**?** l^^.
DUCSOVV AND BUSH FIVE OR MORE R C£^ DAILY.
CARON AND HERBERT (KAIN ° U «»^^^
MANHATrAN COMEDY FOUR, FIRST RACE AT 2:00 P. H.
A T\t\#-x-t"^77 ANI) ~ ADMISSION* SI. OO.
A MAGMFICKST COMPANY. Take Southern Pccltic trains at Third and Town-
~~~~ ~" " " ' — 6end streets Popot, leavin? at 12:40 -id 1:15 p. it
SHOOT TUC OUfT*T*r*oi Fare for round trip, including admission to grand
v-»i »v-»v-» l inn V-.rtU.lt.Oi stand, $1. Take 31iss;on-streos electric line direct
.FROM 1 TO 5 AND 7 TO 10-30P M track.
(WEATHER PEiIMITTINi.i "" A. B. SPRECKELS, W.aiiEAKE.
HAIGHT STREJiT, NF. AK, TIIK PARK. President. Secretary.
This Afternoon at 2:33 and 4 o'clock. COLUMBIA BICYCLE-RIDING
HOLTUM, - ACADEMY,
°lik'\li l p I |r X i n V 1 ? a , teh Cannon ; "70 Pa Street >ear Stanyau, Park
■ isans t ired \> ith Heal Powder,- Untraiice.
MAWmTTVTTrw ' Tlle Most Elaborate and
Will f^^-^ l X*-EJXr3I?i23, , j Completa Cyclery in America.
Will G»e W Bt?onsh 1 111 " 10119 of , Commodious Indoor Riding and Instruction Hall,
■- airetigtn, . fully equipped and free from a!l obstructions
ADMISSION 10 CENTS Luxurious Keception-rooms. Baths, Locker* etc.
(Includes a Merry-Ground d e). 10c | nfSffJE* SS^^'aSMSJ?-"
lenged the jurisdiction ol the court as to
any consideration of th<- charge ol ?1 p«r
ton claimed for the md trai
from Blanco to Mom Bay, and the
agreed with them fge Morrow's opin
ion, in a nutshell, wa« to the effeci thai as
the land tram ■ ■ f| nMt
come within maritime jui I
mirfilty Court would nave to ij
tireiy. Accordingly
favor of the steam hi] for only
the amount tend ■ ! ""t by »
Ferguson A Co., on the |3 L 0 I
A FROZEN LAKE OF SALT.
Kemarkable S:ilini Deposit la Bm H< t
n;tiiii(iu <;.».inty.
The res<» ' m to havo
no end. The !:r tate's
wealth in natural products GOinM from
San Bernardino County. At a point about
forty-seven miiet " s is a
glittering area of 102S acre* Which, from
a distance, Bhines in ■ ■ ! > sunlight
like a frozen lake. But I
California are incompatible terms. The
gem-like radiance comes not from con
gealed water, but from countless tons of
salt which cover the ground like an im
mense incrustation of diamonds.
The salt is stated by experts to be in all
respects equal to the be»t imported from
Liverpool, and has been submitted to ■
number of ve.\y exacting tests. On the
surface ihe mineral is coarse and more or
less impure, but at a depth of one or two
feet the most beautiful crystalline forma
tions are met with, it being possible to
read ordinary print through t lie medium
of blocks over a foot in thickness. It is
understood that a number of local capital
ists are taking steps to put this native salt
on the market ana have already secured
the right to work the mine.
Greenwich records snow that for four
teen years there has been an average of
only twenty hours of sunshine in London
in Decemlx-r.THE LATEST FASHION GOSSIP
a T TilK dances and hops given \
\ daring the past few days the
gowns have been notably pretty, \
A iX but * near <i the excellent criti- I
Ciun which was made by a bright
Eastern woman. She remarked that our
young matrons and debutantes do not take i
advantage of their youthful beauty and
wear enough of the lovely frocks evolved
from airy, fumy, ethereal fabrics. They j
6hould leave the superb velvets, satins and
bcooadea to older women and stately
matrons. As I wrot? weeks ago, gowns of j
tulle are the dernier cri in Paris and New j
York, so new and wonderful organdies. !
exquisitely embroidered or hand-painted
games, such as we were taught in child- \
hood to believe were worn by fairies j
only, now beautify the fairest of maids I
and matrons.
To be sure all are made over silk or
satin and are far more costly in the end
than the gowns worn by their elders, for '
the lovely ethereal materials iook like
rags in an inconceivably short space of j
time.
As actresses, and especially French |
ones, will probably for years to !
come set the fashions in many ways, I '■■
quote the description of a gown worn re
centiy by a celebrated actress in Paris:
Mile, L. wore a white tulle ballgown over a
pale rose-p'.nk satin slip. The piuk satin skirt
was covered from waisi to hem with pleats of j
tulle, slightly overlapping each other, to the I
number of thirty. The bodice was decollete!
carre. or square with tulle arapery en bebe j
back and front, and broad puff of tulle across '
the decolletape. The elbow sleeve* were char
mante. Two or three thicknesses of tulle >
formed a large puff draped up well on the i
shoulders and then gathered again into a scp
ante puff, which was attached to a black vel
vet bracelet encircling the arm above the i
elbow, and barely seen under the voluminous I
puffing. On the left shoulder a floral branch '■
of huge pink and lilac gauze poppies draped
the siae ot corsace endinc in graceful buds
nnd foliage. H«-r hair waved and parted, aud
quite puffed out around the face. A polden
Ferrouniere, with sapphire renting on the !
I in the hair, a revival of the |
modes of I*3o which I mentioned s-ome months *
ago would be sure to return. Wide-jeweled j
, gold and sapphires.
At a dance here a young girl was fairly
it in a dress of yellowish satin, fitting
and hanging to perfection. Around her
shoulders vas draped a film of pale blue
tulie, with a tiny mine along the edge. A j
k about the dress was that it '
suited the wearer admirably.
ther toilet worthy of more than pass- I
ing oomment was of a silky crepe texture, j
-tnj.es of light bine and white over j
blue silk. The skii t was without orna
mentation and the bodice of blue chiffon I
with sleeves matching the skirt. A few ;
bows of satin libbon were on the waist. j
This description Bounds simple enough, j
but one of our best women here made this
frock, so you can understand why it had
that indescribable air, and besides" it was •
worn by a maiden who is not only stylish
but be« veil.
arming gown from Paris is cut en
princess of black velvet, the decolletage
being iinished with three scallops back
and front. The balloon sleeves are of
ivory satin, beautifully embroidered in ]
oriental designs with btittercup yellow j
silk. The lining is of the same shade in j
glace taffeta.
That the princess gown is <to be much
worn is an established fact; and if you
possess one, such as was "the thing" about
five years ago, do not rip it up. for as tne j
gleeves probably are to be different from j
the dress, as likely as not panels will be |
correct matching the sleeves, so be patient j
and next fall you can probably have your I
modiste do wonders with a garment which, j
at best, would only make a cape or a pair
of sleeves if utilized now. Great sleeves
are to collapse soon is predicted.
Two gowns were noteworthy at two dif- '
ferent teas, and were worn by young ma- '
trons who assisted in receiving. * One con- j
sisted of a perfectly charming waist in {
light blue pink and green oriental figures j
on a white ground. It had a lovely high I
collar of white lace and two dear little j
revers of white satin. On either side two!
handsome enameled buttons completed I
the waist. The sleeves were very lon<» |
and had frills of the lace. Around the '
waist was a soft crinkly band of white j
*atm, of which material the skirt was com
posed.
The other had a long-tailed basque of
the lightest gray brocade, covered with a j
black figure. It was cut square in front
only, and had a vest of gray crepe and I
rivers of white satin. At the back of the j
neck was a large bow of black satin and j
iace. Lace also fell over the bands. The I
skirt was enormously full and of the most
deiicate shade of gray crepe. The ripples
round the basque were lined with white i
satin, and three small black ostrich plumes !
were perched on the right shoulder. ! i
A statuesque girl was lately observed at ■
A GRACEFUL WAIST FOR A YOUNG LADY.
a bali c!ad in rich ivory satin, the neck of
which was outlined with sable, which also
formed a girdle. No other' trimming ap
peared on the gown which was considered
one of the most beautiful worn.
Another excellent dress was made like
the illustration, and was also of brocade,
the ground ol a grayish green, the roses in
many shades of pink. The lining was of
rose silk; as you see only a small amount
of lace trim? the waist. It is most difficult
to convey any adequate idea of tne beauty
of the fabric as the truly wonderful bro
cades of to-day must be seen to be appre
ciated.
A pretty girl "poured tea" one afternoon
last week, attired in one of the newest
silks, which recalled those worn by our
grandmothers, for it had stripes of "green
and pink that shaded into gold and violet
tones. It was made with a plain, flaring
skirt and a full, quaint bodice. There was
no CDllar and the gown opened in V-shape
for an inch or two at the throat. A fichu
of the finest chiffon, frilled with lace, was
knotted at the bust line, the long ends ex
tending to within a few inches of the bot
tom of the skirt. At the throat the fichu
was fastened with a brooch of pale pink
coral, set in green enamel.
A pretty woman quite spoiled the effec
tiveness of her tailor gown the other day,
by wearing with it a little French bonnet
and high-heeled shoes. Things should bo
in keeping, and with a tailor gown one
associates sensible walking-shoes, heavy
gloves and a proper walking-hat.
The stylish young matron from Baltimore
when attired in tailor gown is a model
which many might copy to their advan
tage. In the evening she is no less "the
mold of fashion <and the glass of form,"
but at present I am speaking of tailor
made things, which are worthy of our
consideration, for most of us find one such
gown, at least, a necessity every winter,
aa only when so clad can we face the wind
or rain without loss of style.
I cannot but wonder that more women
are not helpless invalids or in their graves
when I see the number who insist, at all
seasons ot the year, on wearing paper
soled shoes. Such soles tlo not even pro
tect the feet from the cold ground, much
less from dampness. However, physician*
and all the sensible people in the world
mi^-ht give advice in some cases without a
pr.rticle of effect. I only know this much,
that at one time I wore the thinnest of soles
and had delightful colds and neuraleia:
now I have neither, hut ray shoes are never
ugly nor clumsy, for I have not found it
necessary to wear hideous shoes in order
to have proper soi'-s.
This week I give illustrations of two
waists. The low cut one is, as you ob
serve, made very simple, as it depends on
tne beautiful triniming for its air ot nov
elty. The trimming consists of a mingling,
apparently, of pink pearls and emeralds,
strung on a thread of gold. Of course
they are imitations, but very satisfau >ry
ones indeed, and are very exquisite, fall
ing as they uo over the white satin. The
skirt is of the satin and absolutely plain.
The other is of pearl gray satin, with a
deep collar effect of red velvet, over which j
is appliqued costiy lace, making a really
chic waist and a very useful one as well.
The wearer is a bright-faced demi-bloncle,
with dancing brown eyes, so the red is a
welcome touch of color, which reminds
me that on Monday evening I went to the
Baldwin Theater and saw Marie Wain
wright. There were any number of
women present attired in light waists, the
usual skirts, and the bonnets and h:its
were of all .kinds— good, bad and indiffer
ent.
One of the swellest bonnets was worn by
a striking brunette, aud was of a rich red
velvet. A narrow band of the velvet stud
ded with fine rhinestones rested on I er
hair; about an inch and a half lurther
back was the soft velvet crown. In front
arose an admirable white fluff v aigrette.
The pink and pinky-pink hats in the
neighborhood of that bonnet all had an
old faded look. A handsome bonnet, evi
dently from Paris, was of very unusually
fine jet, quite the best I have ever seen. A
few choux of lace and two or three exqui
site yellowish rose? prevented it from
being in the least stiff.
There were bonnets with silver crowns,
with gold crowns — indeed, with almost
every kind of crown } r ou can think of; but
very many of them were far from new.
One refreshingly dainty hat was of white
chenille with three or four short black os
trich plumes. Another, worn by a girl in
a sweet little waist of fluffy blue chiffon,
looked like the wings of some large brown
bird. They were perched on a pretty
brown head with excellent effect.
As for the waists, well, several of them
merited the adiectivP9 frumpy and dowdy.
About those I have nothing to say, except
ing that I trust they may soon be con
signed to the ragbag; but there were sev
eral fresh and fashionable. One of corded I
whit« silk wa<> well embroidered in jet;
another had the body of pompadour silk of
a greenish hue covered with roses in a duli
THE SAX FKANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 12, 1896.
red shade; the sleeves were of a greenish
shade, changing to crimson, evidently the
creation of a superior dressmaker.
1 noted two Louis XVI coats, one of black
velvet with vest and revers of plain white
satin. The other :of gray cloth with a
green silk vest covered with sprigs of a
darker color.
Miss "Wainwright, in the first act, looked
well in a toilette of pink Dresden silk, cov
ered with little- flower?; a fichu of tulle
trimmed with a full frill was becoming.
She next appeared in a frock of soft white
crepon trimmed simply with cream satin
ribbons. It was satisfactory, but not so
becoming as the pink.
In the ballroom scene the handsomest
creation is donned by Rboda Daitry: it is
of white -satin, the flaring skirt absolutely
plain and the bodice plain also, but re
lieved by the sleeves of a deep shade of
cream lace. The bodice laces up the back
and between the shoulders where j the
lacing ends was a Huffy chrysanthemum
exactly matching the sleeves" Extending
from the waist line were two lons broafl
strings of pearls. I did not at all care for
the black gown in the fast act. but when
Rose made her last appearance her hat, a
large black one, wa3 becoming.
Grace Reckford was fetching in the sec-
A BRAIDED EVENING GOWN.
I ond act in a pale grayish crepon with a
blue satin stock. The frock hung well and
was lined with an artistic shade of silk.
Mile. Marina Martin appeared in a really
Frenchy conception, the skirt bein<* of
yellow satin and trie waist of the same, cut
low with a V-shaped vest 'effect embroid
ered in torquoise-colored beads. Great bat
like bows stood out from each shoulder of
black satin, and long gioves of black suede
reached her sleeves.
Virot has been Bending to America
many bonnets for evening wear, and
almost without exception they are of
tulle, in combination with gold and jewel
embroideries and feathers. Beautiful
aigrettes are seen on most of them as they
seem especially suitable with tulle.
One of the most beautiful and youthful
of grandmothers to bo found anywhere
looked unusually handsome to-day in a
Paris bonnet.of green velvet and black jet. i
A fanciful border of jet rested on her i
masses of white hair. Next came the i
green velvet, slichtly puffed, and then the
crown of jet. At the left side was a bushy
aigrette, which rose from a knot of velvet.
The green emphasized the beauty of a |
complexion many girls might envy.
I am delighted to be able to inform you
that the newest veil is of plain black tulle
illusion, "with a border, all around the
four sides, of two rows 01 narrow white
lace."
Hats for mourning wear ara usually
small, with a small brim. Veils are always
worn with them.
Those among us who enjoyed "The
Amazons," recently given by the Lyceum
at the Baldwin Tlieater, will remember
how much "Tommy" whs praised for his
clever acting. I always think of the manly
manner in which she jumped the fence
and smoked her cigarettes and wore her
jaiittty coats, indeed in every play given
l>y that company Miss Tyee cave promise
of better things, so I am pleased to be
able to chronicle the fact that as the up-to
date society woman En the "Home Secre
tary" she ha,s made a decided hit, and as
a natural result is being much interviewed,
but more about her anon. Hhe is a bonny
Southern girl and is surprising all by her
ranid advancement.
The Presidio hop was a success. Many
bright stunning girls in dainty fresh frocks
were present. As a natural result that
rosy little urchin with his feather-tipped
darts played .sad havoc with the sons of
Mars.
Many congratulations have been offered
ever since the announcement of the H. H.
engagement, and although B. H. is not a
prince he is a representative of one of the
best families to be found anywhere.
Makcklla.
FOE WES.
Those who pay attention to social ethics
must now all be aware that letters must be
sealed, not gummed. Those who have
the right to use coats-of-arms usually do so,
and others who have inherited no such
privilege should use their monograms.
There have been Borne amusing in-
Btances where persons have paid
to have a coat-of-arms made to
I order, thus laying themselves open
10 ridicule, as it is a very easy matter to
! ascertain whether or no one has the right
| '"to bear arms." and it is no longer in the
j least necessary to send East to have en
■ graving or die-cutting done, as I have
| found the work done here equally good
and very considerably less expensive. A
crest alone may be used alone, but arms
and crest should go together, or the
shield of arms may be so used alone.
The motto is not a part of the
coat-of-arms, but it may be used when de
sired, and any one can adopt a new one.
Of course many families have had the
same for hundreds of years, while in other
cases it has been changed almost every
generation.
All of us blessed with sweethearts or
wives will be kept well supplied with golf
stockings, as the knitting of them is the
very latest fad of the "saiart set," and
amusing as it may seem "at the polo
matches and race meetings, the fair specta
tors, while they cheered their husbands
and sweethearts on to victory, are busily
engaged in knitting them "golf stock
ings" at least such is the state of affairs
at Hempstead, Long Island, and on all
the steam yachts and club steamboats
i which followed the Defender to victory
| there were numbers of charming women
! who knitted, knitted all the time, so at no
late date will be heard the clicking of
needles at Burlingame.
It is correct at the present moment to
wear brown underwear, the most brilliant
of ties, preferably red. In the shape of
ties and scarfs there is but little change,
however, now that men tie them thern
j solves. There is welcome air of originality.
j and many men select their ties from sarii
j pies and have them made to order, but tbo
' best dressed are conservative and select
dark tri'ouiids with raised but inconspicu
ous figures.
In England the newest and one of the
favorite overcoats is a paletot, which is of
' a soft vicuna of a bluish-black. It reaches
11 tittle below the kuees. It has a velvet
collar, is double-breasted, is loose and
' does not fit closely upon the hips and is
not intended for afternoon wear. A
| Chesteriield should then be donned.
! They are only a little bit shorter
rtnd looser than last winter, the principal
difference being that the collar is now of
; thr same material as the coat. Perhaps
one oi the smartest-looking and most use
ful of overcoats is ihe covert one. The
short little ones worn some years ago arc
a^n ■f. fashionable. They must be an inch
I longer than the lounge coat worn under
neath, as it is now considered in the worst
possible style to have the undercoat pro
trude. These coats are loose and single
breasted. Numerous Dockets are out of
fashion, as are also Jar;;»? flaps'.
London taiiors seem to hav< <1 'icrmined
to make some change in our evening coats,
so they are trying to reintroduoe a fashion
in vogue there daring the -ixties, that of
lining such coats with colored silks. A
New Yorker just from London has one of
cashmere- melton lined in white silk. This
fad will, I predict, not last long.
The latest umbrellas are of the finest
silk possible and the steel stem wonder
fully slender, so that when rolled they
look Jike walking-sticks. Their handles
an absolutely plain, of natural woods.
Crooked handles are preferred.
George Curzon, the member of Parlia
ment who has just married Miss Leitor, is
described by one who knows him well as
a franK-faced young man with delightful
manners, which make him very popular
with the women. His strong po"int lies in
being able- to convey an impression of
possessing a discretion far beyond his
years. * C. C.
Victoria's Descendants.
A laborious genealogist announces, as the
result of years of minute labor, tuat the
Queen has had nine children, of whom sbe
has lost two; forty-one grandchildren, of
whom eigut have died: and twenty-three
great-grandchildren, all of whom are
living. She has, therefore, sixty-three
descendants living — seven children, thirty
three grandchildren and twenty-three of
the next generation. Her next eldest
great-grandchild, the Princess P'eodore of
Saxe-Meiningen, is now nearly 17, so
that in all probability her Majesty will
live to see her grandchildren's grand
chiltren. Few English sovereigns before
Queen Victoria have seen grandchildren
jrrow out of infancy; and none ever saw a
great-grandchild. Hence, her Majesty had
io determine the question of precedency
in the case of the Duchess of Fife's
children, and she wisely decided that they
should rank only as daughter* of a Duke.
This decision was in accordance with a
House law decreed earlier in the reign, by
which the title of Prince and Royal High
ness is limited to the children of the
sovereign, and the children of the sover
eign's sons, the children of the sovereign's
daughters taking precedence only" in
accordance to the rank ot their fathers.
Thus the Princess Helena's children rank
as children of Prince Christian only, while
the Duke of Connaught's are Royal High
nesses, and Prince Arthur of Connaught's
son and successor, if he has one, will be
the Duko of Connauglit, a« an ordinary
Duke, taking precedence merely by date
of the creation of his dukedom. This is
now the case of the Duke of Cumberland
on the roll of the House of Lords, though
he is styled Royal Highness a.s a son of°a
King of Hanover. — Tlij Gentlewoman.
Alma E. Keith, leading milliner. Specialty,
fine mourning bonnets and toques. 24 Keariiy
street, 808 Market 6treet. •
BAB TALKS ON HIGH ART.
The Observing Woman Writer
Admires Its Develop
ment.
SEEN ON THEATRICAL POSTERS.
The Unhappy Lot of Those Children
Who Live in Boarding-
Houses.
NEW YOEK, Jan. 6, 1896. — No
body ever accused me of being de
voted to high art. A study that showed
a mauve lawn, a green, sky, a bright scar
let rock and two yellow ladies with white
hair — I say ladies because they both had
petticoats on— was once displayed to mo,
and I was told it was called "Love and
Death." You could take your choice as
to which was love and which was death,
but each of the yeliow ladies looked sea
sicK: the result probably of gazing too
long on that purple crass. The young
man who showed me this picture said it
was one of the finest examples of high art
that had ever been painted. Then 1 was
convinced that high art and 1 were two.
Hence ray liking for art which is ordinary
and common. Some years afro, longer
than I like to remember, I used to stand
on the street and admire art as developed
on the fences and also on the ash barrels.
It is true it was crude.
The rim appearance of the realistic
poster was made about two years ago,
when an enormous fence was covered by
a procession of perfect ladies, whose shapes
were exquisite, who3e faces were fair, and
who were, evidently, believers in health
in costume. They told by example that
the greatest health was gained by the
least amount of clothing. But this was
a fine picture. Up to the time the aver
age ballet girl had been represented with
enormous calves, a twelve-inch waist and
forty-two inch shoulders. The result was
startling, not pleasing, and the looker-on
might have called the pictured person any
thing but a woman. However, the new
school painted a magnilicently shaped
woman. It is true she was Juno and not
Venus, but her foot was in proportion to
the size of her body, and, while she
rounded in at the waist, she did not pre
sent an unhealthy look or impress you
with the idea that she could not take a
good long breath. That arliche measured.
1 should think, at least live yards by four.
The consequence was it could not join
my collection, but I used to go and look at
it, and one day wnen I was gazing a man,
also a gazer, told me all about it. He
said: "This is the finest picture oi women
in a group that nas ever been done, anil
the reason it good the women are real
women, real women in more sense than
one. Not only real in appearance, but
these, women exist, and each one was
chosen a., little slenderer than, the
one before her so. thttt the proces
sion might be effective in contrast.:
After the women were grouped the artist
had models of them made in wax, and
from these wax models the poster was
painted." From that time on I had more
respect for them, but soon I noticed there
was a change in the poster. f£ : ;!£*.i*.*
The athebe began to represent a young
lady .with a thin face, green eyes, burning
red hair, clothes that were tired on her
with a pitchfork, and she caressed either a
rabbit, or a bunch of lilies or a red um
brella. Nobody knew what it mean ti This
Titian-haired young female might have
written under her "Go and See the Gay
English Girls To-Night, '.' or the sign
might read "Hear Tommy Atkins Sing
the Patriotic Songs of His Native Land,"
or her only explanation might be, "Buy
the April Tuner ! It Is Just Out." You
never knew what she meant; she had to
explain . herself always, and the explana
tory letters were very queer in shape and
very odd in color. When the magazines
becan to send around these delightful and
most artistic poster*, then there was joy,
because one could always bully one's news
man into giving them away.
By the by, isn't it curious how the inter
est in Robert Louis Stevenson has con
tinued? To be quite honest, I care for only
one of his books, but there seems to have
been something more than charming
about the man, for women who have
never -seen him shed tears, bitter
tears for him. He fought so hard against
death; he seemed to have found so much
in lite that was good that it was a pity
he could not have had more of the life
which he drank as eagerly as if it were
the finest Burgundy. But "the book? It
is none of the learned ones, it's none of
the tales of adventure, and vet it is the
one I like. It is called "A Child's Gar
den of Verses," and it is quite as good for
grown-up children as for little people."
The lines themselves are most wonderful;
the pictures are joys, and, well, if you
want to know exactly how good it is, I will
quote you . one whole poem called "A
Thought":
I' is very nice to thinK
Trie world is full of meat and drink,
■ With little children saying grace
in every kind of Christian place.
Then here's another. Short and sweet.
It is called "The Whole Duty of Children,"
and if more children were raised on it
there would be more better behaved ones
in the world :
A child should always say what's true
And speak when lie Is spoken to,
Ai:d behave mannerly at, table,
At least as far as he is able.
These verses are so much better than
those horrid books about the angel chil
dren who trot around and say impudent
things to their elders under the guise of
religion. There's Fauntleroy. He was
lovely in a book, but I should like to be
preserved from living with children who
know such an awful lot, and who are so
beautiful, so meek and mild, and so very
ready and willing to run the affairs, not
only of the- earth below, but the heaven
above.
Speaking of children brings to my mind
those that live in boarding-houses, "i often
wonder why there hasn't been en addition
NEW TO-DAY.
T»i .;--. vSy rUi\ ,
v?*j c- pADED (
:^^f Women:
whose loss of beauty is the despair of their <
1 lives, and a torture to their eoula. ,
: FOR ONE WEEK I S : £S;
' for personal office treatment on wrinkles,
1 freckles and facial blemishes, impuver-
' ished skin restored to its youthful freshness *
i and the plain face made bountiful one*" <
, more. Mr best testimonial is my own >
face. ' I have the largest Permatological »
' Institute in America, where I have success- ,
' fully treated thousands, I guarantee my
' claims absolutely, and inrite the fullest
< investigation. *
; Superfluous Hair pe b %£;
' only, successful means ever discovered — *
' the Electric Needle, as operated by Mrs. ,
' Harrison.'. _ (
TPIAI POT >'. Ladies out of town ,
' i KIAL, rU 1 . sending this ad. with
' 10c. in stamps, will receive a book of '
i instructions and a box of Lola ' Montex '
I Creme and Face Powder, FREE. '
, Come This Week to my parlors, and i
see what 1 can do for. you. .
i MRS. NETTIE HARRISON
, DERMATOLOGIST. < '
» 40.42 Qeary St., San Francisco. .
A STYLISH FRENCH WAIST.
made to the litany in the American
prayer-book that would read, "From the
living in a boarding-house good Lord de
liver us." J know there are different
kinds of boarding-houses. There are
boarding-houses that are worse; but what
I cannot understand is why women who
kept homes of their own comfortably seem
to lose all knowledge of how to live wnen
they keep boardint -houses, They seem to
think that everybody is to be treated with
suspicion, and that children and dogs are
to De regarded as cumberers of the earth.
It has always appeared to me as if there
was money to be made in keepiiic a board
ing-house properly; that is, giving good
rooms, neatly cared for; good food, prop
erly cooked and served, with an additional
treatment of human beings as if they
were men and women, and not merely
boarders. The better a house is kept,
the more money a woman can make
through it; but the average boarding
house keeper does not look at it
in that light. If the unfortunate
boarder happens to be a woman,
ehe is credited with a desire to do some
thing wrong from the moment of her ar
rival. If she wishes to retain a particle
of character she mustn't take even her
own father, aged 75, into her bedroom. If
she happen to possess a number of books
she must submit to their being smeared
by the young woman who pretends to dust
them, and by having this said to her
about them: "Miss Brown, I knew you
wouldn't mind, so I lent a lew of your
books to Mr. Robinson, who don't feel
well." The few lent are certain to be
first editions that she specially prized, and
as weeks go by and they are not returned,
she summons up courage and asks the
landlady about them, .^tie doesn't re
member ever having touched them. Mr.
Robinson moved away that morning, and
she is surprised "'at your making such a
fuss about books, cheap as they are." If
she happens to dress well the other boaid
ers are doubtful as to where she gets the
money to pay her bills. If she don't dress
well they feel sure that she isaaving money
and is too stingy to mate Herself look de
cent, ami then the landlady hints that she
has always had stylish people in her house
before now.
Oi her it must be said that she is not
born a boarding-house keeper, but s!m?
flrifts into it. Hne speaks of her husband
if lie is dead as "one of the best of men,
who was nobody's enemy but hia own, and
who if he did take a drink was always
NEXT TO-DAY.
UIL fl £i ii 1 jj it
Is a Stove you can
handsome ;i n d
practical. We soil
operation or send
' IliE taSSfct- address on re*
trl' 11
THAT BIG CHINA STORE
A Quarter of a Block Below Shreve I*.1 *.
WANQENHEIAI, STERNMEin & CO.,
528 and 530 Market St.,
27 and 29 Sutter St.,
BELOW MONTGOMERY
FREUD'S CORSET HOUSE/
Largest Corset House in America. Jiißt I
received, a large invoice of Genuine
Iliomsoii'stiLOVK-FnTIVGCORvETS,
the eldest, most reliable and best- i
known Corsets In the world. -,:■.'
•£ ■"* . y.
fu & OD 3 : • ■>-"]: » '""'
Country Orders Promptly and Faith. "inly Filled. 1
JB5" Catalogue sent free upon application. „
M" Parcels delivered free 10 Oakland; • Alameda
and Berkeley.
Make No Mistake in Our Address:
M. FREUD & SON,
742-744 Market St. and 10-12 Grant Aw.
TOE SUCCESS OF THE SEASON
THE LADIES' GRILL ROOM
OF THE
PALACE HOTEL.
DIRECT ENTRANCE FROM MARKET ST.
OFEN UNTIL MIDNIGHT. ''
1 ready and glad to share it with a
. friend." If he happens to be living, she
; never refers to him except in a scornful
way, and when you first know her you
; feel sorry for her as she talks about h<*r
lazy men are, and hints that she would be
in the poorhouse if it wasn't for herself,
and then she advises you, with a quiver
in her voice, never to marry. After a
WOile you discover that the little man
who carves is the one she promised to
love, honor and obey, that he has a good,
situation and is so steady that the town
clock is set by him, bwt" that she keeps
i boarders because she likea what she
i culls a lively house. If you happen to
have a large mail, she utilizes her hus
band by getting him to inquire at the post
office as to whether there is anything
against you, and she has a pleasant way
: of conversing with your friends about you
pending your arrival in the parlor, and
though you never know what she does say
you foar it is not pleasant, as yon discover
; that the people she cultivates don't seem
I to cultivate you after that.
But the children! Poor little wretches!
• Double price is paid for them, and if they
' drop a ball over the staircase they are
complained of. If they happen to laugh
; because they are going'out into the fresh
air, they are too noisy. If they skip once
' or twice instead of walking "with great
regularity they are rough. And if by
| any chance they should be taken sick.
I then the landlady does give her opinion of
| them. "Bothersome, nasty things, eat
: twice as much as anybody else and always
I in the way, and then go and get sick and
make people gloomy." The only child
that is liked in a boarding-house* is one
that is deaf and dumb and unable to walk.
1 And ye.t most of us were children once.
I "We trundled hoops an J threw balls and
skipped rope, and played battledore and
• shuttlecock, and were experts at jacK
suaws; and we laughed and we skipped,
ani sometimes we screamed, and screamed
very loudly, but we had a good time. And
that is the right of every child. Fancy
' having ro sit in one room all day and look
at a book when you were a boy. Fancy
having to -.it in one room all day learning
how to sew when you are a girl. And
■ , even if you are twins, having your
er say to you, "Now, darlings, walk
rftly as you can, else the lady who
bas the room below will complain I" Hor
! rors! Suppose that had been your child
•j hood! If it had been mine, the result
I would have been terrible. Bab.
NEW TO-DAT.
■
Sole Agents for the Maggioni Kid Gloves.
EMBROIDERIES!
EMBROIDERIES!!
EMBROIDERIES!!!
I Are what we are going to
't talk about
I TH!S WEEK,
I Are what we are going to
talk about
TiUS WEEK,
i and we won't have to say
I much, but Just ask you to
a call and inspect the
largest invoice of Em-
broideries that we have
I ever shown.
THOUSANDS OF
fIEW PATTERN
That surpass in Style, Qual-
ity and Elegance of Design
anything evershown in pre-
vious seasons. They com-
prise:
B EDGINGS,
INSERIINGS,
ALL-OVERS,
§ FLOUNCINGS,
I DEMI-FLOUNCINGS
I AND SKIRTINGS,
IN
CAMBRIC,
NAINSOOK,
- I INDIA LINEN AND
SWISS,
All of which we are offer-
ing at the
LOWEST PRICES.
r mrrn— ■■!!— 1 1111 m ■■■■■■ 1 m — 111 1 ■■ *
You can verify this state-
ment in a moment when
you call at our Embroi-
dery Counter and see the
great valuesthat are being
shown.
MAIL ORDERS receive
our prompt and careful
attention.
Samples of Embroideries
mailed free upon appli-
cation.
newmanTlevenson,
125, 137, 129, 131 Kcarnjr Street
BRANCH STORE— 743 and 744 Market?
Street.
2324
IN CHILDHOODS REALM.
THOSE dreary books aaain!
You children are regular heroes
about going to school cheeriully
with a never a word of complaint.
Shakespeare slandered you or
cisc he didn't know much about boys.
"The whining schoolboy, with his satchel
nnd his >hining morning face, creeping
i snail unwillingly to school" — indeed.
Though I have considerable respect for
Mr. Shakespeare's standing as a writer I
couldn't help wishing he could have lived
the B rkeley boys getting back to
school alter thfir Christmas vacation.
The satchels were there all right, though
the students practically dub them "irrips."
'-shining morning faces" were there
nil right, too, though they shone with
good humor rather than with soapsuds
i is supposed to have illuminated the
■enemy of Shakespeare's ideal
;i ■>'■
As for the whining oh my, oh my!
should almost have* been able to
he:ir it {'nun Sa-i Diego to Siskiyoo.
it cracked the seams of the big ferry -
trried just a few hundred of the
whim : ;'he bay worse than the
famous winds :orm of '92 did.
It drowned the dreadful clanging of the
bellß on t lie Oakland bide, and for
that the cr.-at big public wanted to hug
the whiners.
A:ii the whine rang through the classic
SOME OF THE BOYS OI '96.
halls of Berkeiey and set the college cooks
a-running up and down to prepare oceans
•is of good roast beef and
thousands of jolly puddings and pies.
<iray old Tamaljmis heard the y — whine,
too, and he and iHablo nodded across to
each other with happy tears in their eyes,
while the north wind capered about whis
,', "Just see what it is to be young !"
ry one cf you little Native >"ons and
Daughters ha^ heard that college — whine,
•you have been denied your birth
right.
If you haven't heard it nobody can tell
you on paper how that whine sounds.
Here is a suggestion you may be able to
Work up into something::
"Ha! ha! ha! < a l-i-for-ni-ah ! U. C. !
"Berkelee ! I !
"Rah ! rah ! rah !''
That cry m.'ans several very fine things.
It means, for instance, that "each year an
other class of young men and women joins
the nice little army that is already pre
-1 area to raiiv around everything that is
good and true in response to" that cell.
It means, too, that the students of the
university have such a pride and a pleasure
In the guoii-feliowship of college life that
they've been obliged to invent a way to
express the feeling.
In short, it means everything, that col
lege whine, tnat any of us may be poetic
enough, or preachy enoueh, "or honest
! (enough), or cynical to imagine it might
; or might not mean.
And if you could have seen those modern
j schoolboys "creeping, like snails, unwill
ingly to school !"
Have you seen the football games and a
college rush?
Oh,, well, those things were slow by com
| parison.
That is, so far as eager anticipation and
| downright happiness were concerned.
' The thing had to be done with dignity, of
! course, but bright eyes and rosy cheeks be-
I trayed even some of the sedate seniors,
: and the line swing of the happy young
I legs that were going back to school was
I not at all "creeping, like snails."
I was just going to say, when I inter
rupted myself, that after all neither
Shakespeare nor the boys are to be won
i dered at.
The change isn't so much in the young
folks— it's in the schools. If you don't be
lieve, read what Charles Dickens has said
about school life in England long ago.
I And if that isn't enough, ask your grand
father about the schools of his childhood
and he will he pretty sure to tell you that
there was rather more flogging than any
thing else.
Your uncles had a better time, but even
they will be pretty sure to tell you that
things are pleasanter now — and they will
he just as glad as you and I are that it is so.
The Runaway Mariner*.
[Continued from last week.]
i When the boys woke in the morning it
did not take them long to learn that the
Jolly Susan was lying at rest in a peaceful
harbor.
Bert and Walter managed to reach the
deck after a while and they were greatly
interested in what they saw from that
point of observation.
A tropical island stretched before and
around them, an island picturesque with
palm trees.
Toward the ship came brown-skinned and
almost naked people rowing queer little
canoes, which were well laden with ba
nanas, cocoaunts and breadfruit.
But the island and its inhabitants inter
ested the young wanderers less than a
great white ship that was their neighbor
in the little land-locked harbor.
She floated, this beautiful ship, the stars
and stripes— the blessed "red, white and
blue."
From the masthead floated another flag,
a 200-foot streamer, which set the boys
a-wondering.
"That's a big American man-of-war, but
what do you suppose the streamer means ?"
said Bert, with a well-suppressed sob in
his throat.
""Well, I don't know what it means," re
plied poor Walter, with white lips, "but
somehow I am pretty sure it means some
thing good."
And it did.
The captain of the Jolly Susan had him
DONALD MAKING SOAP BUBBLES.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 12, 1896.
self rowed out to visit the great white flag
ship. Ihere was never any very extended
official report of what he said to the navy
captain, nor of what that gallant gentle
man replied.
But before those runaway San Francis
cans had had time to eat" half as many
bananas as they really wanted a steam
launch from the man-o'-war came along
side the Jolly Susan and those rascally
boys were carried over to the shelter of
those stars and stripes quite as if they were
young princes recalled to their father's
most royal and majestic presence. The
man-o'-war had steam up already, and
almost before Walter could gasp out a
question as to that mysterious streamer up
aloft the ship was under way.
"It's the homeward-bound pennant,"
was the welcome and most unexpected
answer to Master "Walter's inquiry. And
the glorious man-of-war steamed out of
the harbor while the sailors on the Jolly
Susan cheered and the flagship's band
played, "Oh, Ain't I Glad to Get Out of
the Wilderness?" "Home, Sweet Home," i
and plenty of other airs familiar and dear, j
THE END.
The Strange Birthday Present.
"Oh, to-morrow is my birthday! I shall
be 10 years old, and I want ever so many
things ! How I hope I shall get them all!"
So cried little I'atsie one night as he |
danced around the nursery in his white
nightgown.
Finally his mamma quieted him, and
after tucking him in his little bed and lis
tening to his "Now I lay me," soon left
him fast asleep.
AVhen he awakened in the morning, he
was dressed in a jiffy, then downstairs he
Hew two steps at a time !
Oh, yes, everything was there; from the
shining, glittering safety, to the pile of
story-books.
When papa and mamma entered the
breakfast-room they found their little son
very happy and very much excited over
his beautiful gifts, and it was quite hard
work to get h-im to eat his breakfast. Dur
ing the meal his father told him that a
very mysterious package, tied very se
curely, had arrived for him, with the fol
lowing words printed on the wrapper:
NOT To liE OPEKED UNTO, PIN.NKU TIME.
"Isn't that mean ?" said Patsie, "dinner
time is a long ways off." "Never mind.
Patsie," said mamma's gentle voice, "just
don't think of it, but have a j?ood time
riding your safety and playing football
with your little brother."
But Patsie could not forget that pack
age, and every few minutes he would come
in to take a "peek" at it and to wonder
what it was. So all the beautiful sunshiny
morning hours passed and Patsie had
not felt either happy or contented.
In the afternoon his mamma tried to read
to him out of !his lovely new story-books,
but the restless child Kept looking toward
the unrevealed gift, so she had to stop,
because you know it is very hard to read
to a littie boy when he does not pay at
tention.
Then some friends came to play with
him and they brought him some more
pretty gifts; but he spent almost all of
the time they remained in asking if they
had sent the mysterious present or in try
ing to make them guess who was in it.
His companions did not enjoy this way
of being entertained, and went home quite
early, declaring that "Patsie" was a very
disagreeable boy on his tenth birthday.
At last dinner time came (as it always
does). Mamma had prepared a lovely
dinner for her young son, but the excited
curious child scarcely glanced at the beau
tifully decorated table, he was so eager to
open the package.
"Ah, no, you must eat your dinner first,"
said papa. And the little fellow proceeded
to obey as fa3t as he could.
Then came the eventful moment.
Thoughts of all sorts of beautiful things
that he had wished for flashed through his
brain.
One string was untied, one paper wrap
per was removed; another string was un
tied and another paper covering taken off.
"My! it must be something fine to need
so much wrapping up!" thought he.
Well, that little boy untied a great many
string*, and had quite a lot of paper beside
his plate before he came to the hidden
treasure, and when he did, what do you
think he found » Nothing but a little pile
of dry crusts of bread !
I .know you all feel like saying, oh, how
mean ! and that you feel very sorry for
little Patsie. So did his papa and mamma
recret having to disappoint their little boy,
but they had tried so hard for two or three
years to teach him to eat all of his siice of
bread instead of digging out the soft part
and leaving three or four rings of crusi,
around his plate that they just had to
impress it on his mind so he would never
forget it. Little Patsie felt very much
ashamed, and later in the evening when
the whole family were seated around the
center-table, where ten little colored wax
candles were burning brightly around his
j beautiful birthday cake, he slipped to his
I mamma's side and said he would always
I try to remember to eat his crusts, and I
am happy to say the little fellow kept his
word.
The Tardy Santa Claus.
I am n little Santa Clans
Who somehow got belated;
My reindeer didn't come in time,
A net so, of course, [ waited.
I found your chimneys plastered tight,
Your stockings put away.
I heard you talking of the gifts
Yon had on Christmas day;
So will you please to take me in
A BELATED SANTA CLALS.
And kepp mo till November?
I'd rattier start Thanksgiving day
Than miss you not Dicciiihcr.
Kate D. Wiggik, in St. Nicholas.
THE DONALD SERIES-NO. XL
FOB TINY BOYS.
When the blue eyes opened in the ruorn
ing there were no sunbeams dancing
around the nursery, but the room was real
"shady as Donald said. When he heard
tlip tinkie, tinkle of the tiny raindrops
ngainßt the tin water-spout he sat up in
bfU crying "Oh dear, it's raining. I can't
have any fun to-day."
"Let's you and mother try if we cannot
have a real happy time all day," said
mamma as she lifted him from his little
bed to get him ready for breakfast.
Donald did have a merry, happy, busy
time that day and at night just before he
went to slumberland he said: "'Mamma, I
hope all the tiny boys had as much fun as
I had to-day."
So after the dear little fellow was fast
asleep mamma wrote out a programme of
just how the tiny boy spent the day.
First — He looked out of the window.
Watched the raindrops falling into the
gutter, forming bubbles which he played
were ships as they sailed nway so grace
fully. When two bumped together he
said the ships had a collision and an ex
plosion.
Second — Watched the poor horses driven
so fast over the slippery street that three
or four of tueni fell down. Was not a bit
sorry for the men who had to get out and
cut their harness and push back the shafts
to allow them to eet up again.
Third— Saw the little children going to
school, wrapped in all sorts of funny
cloaks and waterproofs to keep them dry.
Saw some poor little ones with nothing to
protect them from the rain but very thin,
old clothes.
Fourth — Mamma and he chose horses
by colors, he choosing all the white horses
that passed by and mamma the brown
ones.
Fifth— Had on his rubber boots, warm
cap and great coat. Went out in the rain
for half an hour. The only place the rain
drops could touch him was on his chubby
face.
Donald laughed with joyous glee as the
water trickled down his rosy cheeks.
Sixth— Had a hearty lunch, and then
cut all sorts of pictures from a pile of old
papers.
Seventh— Went into the kitchen: sat in
A FEATHER IN HER CAP.
his high-chair before tne table. Mamma
pinned an apron over his clothes; gave
him some old soft ra^s to wipe paste off
his hands and pictures. Then the active
little boy spent a lone time in pasting the
pictures he had cut out in his dear old
scrapbooK.
Eighth— When he had wearied of this
his mamma brought out a large bowl of
Boapsuds and a clay pipe. This meant the
bc>t fun of all— making soap-bubbles. It
was bard for him to stop tiiis fascinating
play, even when dinner time came.
Ninth— After dinner, a delightful story
from papa finished a little boy's happy
rainy day.
Indoor Amusements.
Of the many games which are elaborated
from a series of words none is better than
the old one: "I love my love with an a."
It is played in this fashion. The first
member of the company begins, "I love
my love with an a because he is amiable;
I hate him with an a because lie is athletic.
He tooK me to Atlanta and treated me to
apples and his name is Alfred." Then the
next person continues, "I Jove my love
with a b because he is beautiful; "I hate
him with a b because he is brutal. He
took me to Baltimore and treated me to
buns and his name is Benjamin." Girls
give the name of a boy and boys the name
of a girl. If any one fails to think promptly
of a word beginning with the right letter a
forfeit must be paid.— Brooklyn Eagle.
Song of the Holly-Buds.
Little ones, pretty ones, wide-eyed and wonder
eyed,
• Johnny and Lonny and Budgie and Belle,
Chasing up laughter from basement to ra'.ter.
Hark to the story the holly-buda tell:
" Once within the long-ago
To a manger lowly—
Wiser than the world could know-
Came the Christ-child holy.
" Came to bring his j?lory down
To all lives of sorrow,
And to weave them coliien crown
.For his glad to-morrow.
" So. since then, the holly elves,
Never sad nor lonely,
Don their red coats by themselves
For the Christmas only."
Hester A. Benedict.
Tongue Twisters.
A good merry making game at an even
ine party, or for that matter at any time,
is trying to repeat difficult sentences over
and over again. One of the simplest and
best of these is "Mixed biscuits." Another
is "Gig whip" and even worse than that is
."Six thick thistle stick." Peter Piper
fades into insignificance when compared
with such jawbreakers. Having mastered
them attempt "She stood at the door wel
coming him in," and proceed to the direc
tion which the writer has been obliged to
give, "Stop at the shop at the top of SJoane
street." Should any member of the com
pany feel sure of the prize thus far an an
tidote to conceit is, "There was an old
woman and she was a thistle sifter. She
had a sieve of sifted thistles and a sieve of
unsifted thistles, and she was a thistle
sifter." ; : , -^ ' ■ ■ ...-■
Telegraph poles in Switzerland are pre
served from rapid decay by being charged
with a creosote compound, pressed by
gravity into oue end of the wood.
SAW FAULTY SANITATION.
Hospital Committee of the Board
of Health Inspects the
Jails.
THE ALMSHOUSE ALSO VISITED.
Accumulated Filth Caused by Imperfect
Plumbing Was Deplorably in
Evidence.
Early yesterday morning when the air
struck keenly and before the fogs had lifted
over the City roofs, the physicians con
stituting the Hospital Committee of the
Hoard of Health, Jtrs. Henry H. Hart, J.
M. Williamson ami <r. J. Fitzgibbon, ac
companied by City Physicians 3. R. Mc-
Murdo and A. P. O'Brien, together with
Chief Plumbing Inspector J. J. Sullivan,
went spinning across the rocky roads, over
the hills, out toward the branch jails and
the Almshouse.
Chief Inspector Sullivan was in the lead.
The object of the committee was an in
spection simply of the sanitary and plumb
ing condition of these institutions.
Captain I. N. Clarkson of the Branch
Jail '1, formerly the House of Correction,
conducted the party through that building.
The doctors thoroughly and conscien
tiously examined the plumbing fixtures
from cellar to garret.
tliv recommendations of Mr. Sulli
van regarding the improvements in this
line throughout the City and County in
stitutions, in this building ulone have his
simjrestions been satisfactorily acted upon.
The committee found things there in a
more favorable state than in any of the
three buildings visited yesterday. "
Some very objectionable features exist,
however, in tilt.- way of open sewer holes
and faultily constructed bathtubs. In the
butcher-shop, which serves also as a refrig
erator, a large hole connecting directly
with the sewer opens in the floor next to
the j-ink. The effluvium arising from it
lingers among the legs of mutton and
quarters of beef. "If we did not Hush
things out two or three times a day,"
remarked Captain Clarkson, "the meat
would walk away in the night."
"There should be a trap beneath this
drain," said Mr. .Sullivan, "and the flush
ing shotild be automatically done, as it is
in other institutions of the kind."
"I'd make improvements fast enough "
sighed the captain, "but we lack stuff.
'Economy, economy,' is the cry."
There are 286 prisoners in the jail.
The women's department, jail 3 was
found in a deplorable sanitary state. '
"Ah. this room," said Dr. Hart, peering
througu the darkness, "needs lignt and
air and a coat of paint."
Patches of plastering in a wide expanse
of protruding lath were coated with siime
The doctors beat, a hasty retreat. "Con
demn it, condemn it," was whispered by
each one.
Then began a long night-marish tramp
through shadowy passage-ways, from
which a vista would open now and then of
large, low-ceilinged rooms, where cringing
creatures huddled in groups together- up
shaky winding stairways that led to misty
dusty attics, only to view, when the last
step was climbed, the place where a pipe
rising from tilth beneath penetrated the
roof to send its noxious breath into adja
cent windows. Then down through the
uncertain way again to the place where
the tilth stagnated and dealt out its
deadly miasma to the poor unfortunates
above.
In a tomb-like bathroom six coffin tubs
rose from a floor reeking with nastiness.
In the laundry near the dining-room a
witch of Endor stirred with a long stick a
noisome brew of dirty linen, and the
dining-room itself was remarkable for an
open cesspool at one end, an open sewer at
the other, and a strong draft between.
The committee hastened outside to air
itseif.
"And yet." said Dr. McMurdo, "there is
very little sickness here, ani it is all owin<*
to the excellent care that is maintained by
those in charge."
"It must be a good care," observed Mr.
Sullivan, "for such plumbing-wooden
bSxeJfor sinks and closed drains-would
d Tt U the a SffioSeTb. unpleasant mis
sion of the committee was varied with a
farming lunch, served by Mrs. Weaver.
The sanitary arrangement of building
So f ' was found to be in a fearful condi
tion The fixtures were without traps or
I Dhona"e and the closets without venti -
at?on The outbuildings were in a still
filthier condition from lack of perfect
Pl Dr nb W g E. Conlan, the resident physician,
stated that it was necessary to keep every
wfndow in the house open from the bot
tom Sd top to insure proper ventilation.
The ''last chance." or incurable ward,
formerly the old Pesthouse, while a palace
compared to its condition of old, is still
far from being up to the standard of sam
in perfection. visited a change for
In all the buildings visited a change for
the better was observable but the improve
ments go on very gradually, held in check,
as was stated, by the smallness of appro-
priations. , . . iV _
On Monday morning at 11 o clock the
committee will visit branch jail .No. o.
STOCKHOLDERS TO MEET
Future of the Grangers' Bank
to Be Decided Next
Tuesday.
How to Pay the Depositors the Main
Question— Half Enough Money on
Hand Now.
The stockholders of the Grangers" Bank
will hold their annual meetine on Tues
day to take final action about settling the
affairs of the institution. There waa held
yesterday a meeting of the directors, with
all the members present, to talK over their
report to be made to the shareholders.
There is cash on hand in the bank $60,000,
of which $;w,OOO has been collected since
the suspension.
The directors say that they expect to
have $70,000 by Tuesday and to be pre
pared to pay off at least one-half the
j amount due depositors, which is about
$1:50,000. It is expected that arrange
ments will be made soon, probably
within a month, to pay off the whole
amount owed depositors by securing ad
vances on securities from, some of the
wealthy shareholders.
The securities have been examined into
a second time by the Bank Commis
sioners.
Mr. La Rue, in speaking of the securi
ties, said :
"Daniel Meyer, Mr. Hellman and others
know the value of our securities. The
Bank Commissioners are thoroughly fa
miliar with the worth of the notes and
murtgaaes we hold. The stockholders
may lose $200,000 or perhaps $250,000, but
no depositor will lose a cent.
"After the Bank Commissioners made
their first statement I feared that Mr.
Montpellier'a enthusiasm had induced
him to plane higher value on our securi
ties than the market warranted and so I
asked the Commissioners to go over the
list again and strike off everything
doubtful. This was done and we
know exactly now on what we can
count. But it is difficult to raise
money on the best of mortgages and con
tracts. For example, Mr. McNear pur
chased from us a line of warehouses for
$tjO,OOO.to be paid for in six years in annual
installments of $10,000. On this account
we have $50 r OOO due the bank. A line of
warehouses was sold to another pa^ty for
$40,000 on the same terms and on .hat ac
count the sum of $:iu,od<> wiJl come in.
These contracts are gilt edged, but we can
not raise money on them."
M Taken to S:in Quentin.
Frank Klose, the murderer of William
Deady, was taken to San Quentin yesterday in
charge oi a deputy Sheriff to await execution
for his crime. Deady was asleep seated In a
chair in a saloon on Hayes street, when Klose
with an oath, suid that he could wake him up.
and plunged a knife into his neck, sever
ing the jugular vein. He was convicted of
murder in the first degree and sentenced to
hang. The murdered man was a fine young
fellow who had many friends in his neighbor
hood.
Failure to Provide.
Two married men who refuse to provide for
their families were sent to the County Jail by
Judge Campbell yesterday. Louis X. Fletcher,
a wealthy contractor, who was arrested on a
bench warrant on Friday, got three months
and Nathaniel Horigsen, a painter, was
Hunrdcl six months.
NEW TO-DAY.
50-
TEAS
EXTRA QUALITY
With each pound is given a
LOVELY DISH
Newest Shapes
Prettiest Decorations
ALSO GIVEN WITH
GOLIMA PURE SPICES,
COLIMA BAKING POWDER.
Great American Importinn; Tea Co.
New Store $1344 Market st.,
iltW SlUiti j Bet. 7th and BtU
f 140 Sixth at.
9G5 Market at.
333 Hayes at.
1419 Polk st.
531 Montg'y awe.
2008 Fillmore st.
fffv Stnrno < 3006 Sixteenth st.
Ulf UlUltS. 2510 Mission st
218 Third st.
104 Second st.
617 Kearny st.
146 Ninth st.
325» Mission st.
... - (1053 Washington
llAKlflTin ] »17 Broadway.
VdMdllll. 1 131 San Pablo »v.
■'■■'■■ ' -'.: 1 616 E. Twelfth st
Alaraeda ! Par Aum a n d d V 9.
r 'iiameua ate,
Headquarters- 52 Market St ,S V
mr We Operate 100 Stores and Agencies.
Write for Price List
SW IH DISEASES
Hlfl S WAYNE'S
ABSOLUTELY CTTREB. OINTMENT
*nc ilmple application sf "Swim's Onrruurr" »lis n _»
way Internal medicine, win tnn an ' eaw^f T>i Jr s^t
Bh«».Rlß«»o™Ptto..lu.h.Bore..rtmpT..S;rAlsSi S »S
as matter how ob.tinue »r lon C •taodli «° B*H hV^IIi^S
or Mnt by m»U for 50 eu. 3 B«xm, li Kal^l'^S'
The most certain and sate Pain Remedy/Sstantlr
relieves and soon cures all Colds, Ho^enessVsor.Aqfdiftq nr .._ _—^___
1 W hiLVfc, CCJ/VlPLliVitiN I ARY
WILL BE G-IVEUST .A.T
. v .---■■- "" .. ■ . V ■■•-.. .•.,-.•.■:■.. ■ ■ ■■■■ ■.-, '■...■-:■■■.. . ■ . ■ .■ - ..■,...■ ...■■■..."-■■: : -. ■. . ,-" ' ,"■ •■■-■■■■-'-"-■"■■ .■■■.-■ '■.•.'"_■■ ■■ ■ ■■..'■■ ■■■■::■■:■...■■ > ",:■■.■.■ ' ■■•■■■..■.' : ■.■■■'■;"* ::.;.■■: .■: : ■■.....: '.• . .
THE VIAVI KE-A.3L,1_, ?
2304 VAN NESS AVENUE,
WEDNESDAY AFTERNOONS AT 2:30 o'clock
:eE!C3r'i:Kr:Kri:KrG- January xs.
NO ADMISSION CHARGED
■ - "
VIAVI nt VIAVI ni
f SLA 1l T 1• • • y KA JL T JL • • •
-*' ' k
The want of the world is strong, healthy mothers. Give us these and we will answer for the race. Nine women in ten are lacking in health and strength, if not positively ill. The
sickly men are those who never were strong—who were born weak. The sickly women GET sickly because something goes wrong. Compared with the large number of women who suffer
there are but few who realize that suffering is not a necessary heritage of woman— that a woman can be well and healthy, strong and vigorous and carry on the responsibilities of life.
There is no decree of beauty, intelligence or amiability which can compensate for a diseased body in a woman. Indeed, there is no beauty, intelligence or amiability which bad health
will not undermine. Neither wealth, position nor opportunity can compensate for the absence of health. The conscientious woman has other reasons than selfish ones for feeling bad
health to be the greatest of misfortunes. She knows she cannot be ill without casting a shadow over the home that she would, if she could, keep always bright. If she has children she
will not only find herself unable to give them the mental and moral training they need, but she may not be able to hold even their admiration and love, and the chances are ten to one
that she has given them a heritage of disease. She may well be haunted by the fear that the day will come when they will think of her unkindly for bringing into this world children
who cannot escape from a life of suffering because of her enfeebled constitution and their inheritance of her weakness. In short, a conscientious woman cannot help but feel that she,
as an invalid, is daily damaging the lives of those she loves best, and that each day which prolongs her painful and wasted life is a misfortune rather than a blessing. Yet the time
really never comes when a woman with anything to live for is ready to relinquish life, no matter how acute her physical sufferings or how terrible her mental torment.
«
Man is seldom called upon to endure anything so painful, so lingering and tenacious as those distressing diseases to which woman is peculiarly subject, and which are especially terrible for the reason that most of them affect the
mind as well as the body. They produce irritability, destroy the ambition and injure the memory. Ninety-nine out of a hundred women are afflicted with some of these complaints in a greater or less degree, and so accustomed have they
become to pain that they can hardly fancy mortal existence without it. Many of them are women of natural brilliancy, and their possibilities for usefulness would be great if they were not handicapped by these tormenting troubles.
Women have a way of taking their own complaints too much as a matter of course. They say : '♦Every woman has some trouble ; I suppose I ought not to complain." Thus they permit a disease to continue until it absorbs the muscular
strength, impoverishes the blood, destroys the beauty, sucks up the mental activity and leaves the victim an unhappy, disappointed woman, with a hold upon the pity of those about her, but none upon their admiration.
The expense of calling for the treatment of a physician hinders many women from attending to themselves. They do not wish to be an expense to their husbands or fathers, and through a false modesty conceal their sufferings until
they are almost beyond help. Our treatment obviates the expense and embarrassment of a physician's treatment, and enables the patient to treat herself ; but she should lose no time in beginning it. Many have a foolish idea that they
will get better after a little while. This is a mistake. The relaxed muscles, the diseased nervous system and the impoverished blood are not likely to get back to their normal condition without aid.
Most women are familiar with the great good VIAVI has done in curing these diseases, but for the most part women have not, as a whole, realized the real work of VIAVI. VIAVI ought not really to be called a remedy. It ought
to be called a food. If we can realize that in using VIAVI we but strengthen these parts— that nature does the building— we will understand the workings of the remedy and appreciate why it cures. There are, too, thousands and
thousands of women who ought to use this great uterine food merely to strengthen them, the same as they take other food into the system. They never feel when they are eating their daily meals that they are "doctoring," and they
ought not to feel so when they are using VIAVI. They should not wait until this part of the body is starved before they feed it. These organs are often severely overtaxed, and, being delicate, they are overlooked in the general
distribution of the blood, to an extent which almost starves them. There is no question but that if these organs be given strength in the same proportion as the strongest muscles of the body we shall have very little uterine trouble. No
disease can exist unless weakness precedes it— it is weakness first, then disease. The Creator had no doubt intended that the food taken into the stomach should be sufficient for the body, but we no longer present the perfect type of
physical woman. Civilization, over-taxation and the many exactions of our present mode of living, acquired tastes, habits, etc., have measurably changed the original woman. The solution seems to be that the Creator, in his all-wise
way, has given us the intelligence and skill which enable man to reach in a different way these weaknesses, as an offset to the depletion that part of the system has undergone. Nature, in her greatness, is able to sustain many of the
irregularities of life and survive and flourish, and if we can only extend her a helping hand when she is run down she will successfully perform the functions of life, even if they are in excess and in a different form from what the natural
method of existence would have required. ■ ■•
We believe the greatest argument that can be made in favor of VIAVI Is, IT does not attempt to cure ; it simply assists nature ; SHE effects the cure. Everything that nature does is well and perfectly done— better than any
human being. The nearer we come to nature's laws the nearer we come to perfection. We have been immeasurably successful in securing results that were nature's own, rather than the abstract effort of man. VIAVI is a known and
positive remedy ; it does not fail or change ; it is the same now and forever.
Nature provides a way of righting every wrong, if we can but know it and apply it. There is no condition that cannot be cured if taken in reasonable time. Nature's way in these diseases is certainly VIAVI. IT WILL AND
DOES CURE, and the thousands upon thousands of people who have been cured prove it. Mr. Samuel Baker of 1751 Lawrence street, Denver, Colo., writes :
1
"To whom it may concern —
"This certifies that I personally know of over
fifty cases of female diseases of all kinds cured by the use
of VIAVI in this city. That my own wife has been
saved from death or a worse fate by its use, and that I
know of two others, whose cases were abandoned by phy- IDA L. DILDINE, herself a physician, says: "In «nT nAMA 'i \ .; iir ,
sicians, that are now restored to health. July, 1891, I first heard of VIAVI, and since then have cE ' S-\t DAN ?\tt?vt Physician says: I have pre-
"lt is my candid conviction that VIAVI will restore been watching the results obtained from its use, and I SC " lbed the vs f e ° f VIAVI remedies for over two years,
in cases where competent physicians assert that nothing can but say that every day convinces me more and more and after carefully watching its action through every part
but the knife will relieve, for I have known of several that you have a most powerful remedy to cope with of the stem I pronounce it the most wonderful and far-
such, and I heartily urge any sufferer not to yield to im- / disease. I find in many cases it works like magic. lam reaching remedy that was ever prepared from the Matena
portunity of friends, advice of doctors or any other argu- only too glad to proclaim its merits to the women of the Medlca for rellevln S all ferine troubles that afflict
ment looking backward to the use of the knife in any land, and if they but lay hold of this home treatment ° m f(x'r 11 "• a ' -\ • • „ 1
case, no matter how desperate, until a thorough trial has they will be relieved of much embarrassment and suffer- * fully * ndorSe lts superiority over all others m per-
been made of VIAVI. ing from needless operations. Sincerely yours, manently curing me of the most obstinate cases on
"So confident do I feel of this that, as far as my time X "IDA L. DILDINK, M. D." record * B - D ' L> DA^ A » M - D -
will permit, I will willingly write personal letters to all
prepaying postage that write me, not in the spirit of ad-
vertising, or for money-making purposes, but for the pur-
pose of aiding suffering humanity. Very respectfully,
* "SAMUEL E. BAKER."
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 12, 1896.
2526
Novelties IN THE Realms OF SCIENCE
LITERATURE
AND ART.
AT NEW ORLEANS Tuesday was
successfully test d a locomotive of
a type entirely different from any
thing ever before constructed.
The engine is not propelled by
Bteam, electricity or oil but by air—com
pressed air, and on account of it many ad
vantaces is destined to come into general
use where light power engines free from
smoke and lire are required.
There are but three of these locomotives
now in use. One is doing service in the
mines of the Susquehanna Coal Company
near Pittsburg and the other two are in
service at the terminal of the New Orleans
and Western Railway at Port Chalmette,
and are u«ed in handling cars loaded with
cotton and other freighr.
The new style locomotive will result in
a great saving of cost in handling freight
and in complete immunity against lire
where sparks from locomotives would be
dangerous in the noighbornood of inliam
jnable material.
- meol their advantages for mine use
are as follows: Their shape, as is seen
from the illustration, presents no pro
jections which would obstruct the
entrance of the locomotive into a
small shaft. The locomotive, being
self-contained, can be run anywhere that
tracks are laid. Steep tirades and sharp
curves are practicable. Further, the work-
L< COMOTIVE TO RUN BY COMPRESSED AIR.
ing pans are few in number and the result
is that the engines are Bimple, easy of
operation and durable. Their low cost of
installation and operation is also an impor
tant advantage, while the absence of cin
ders, sparks, etc., is desirable in almost
any service. The supply of fresh air which
is given off by these engines is specially
valuable in mine service.
The dimensions of the locomotive are
about as follows: It is 17 feet €s£ inches
long, r> feet 2 inches wide and 5 feet high.
The illustration showing the rear view
gives an idea of the small size of opening
required for entrance by this locomotive.
It-- weight is LB.soo pounds. The cylinders
are 17 inches by 14 inches, and a working
pressure of 600 pounds per square inch of
air in the tanks is used. As is seen from
the side view, them ;;re four drivers 24
inches in diameter, and two air tanks,
whose total capacity is 100 cubic fee:.
An auxiliary reservoir is provided and
a reducing valve for delivering the air to
the cylinders at 103 to 140 pounds pressure,
variable instantly as desired. The tank
heads arc convex outward, and the cir
cumferential seams of the tanks are
double riveted, with manholes in the front
L.cad?. as is ciearly seen from the illustra
tion showing a front view. The horizon
tal seams are treble riveted. The tanks
were tested at 900 pounds pressure per
square inch before using.
A powerful hand-screw brake is pro
vided, braking each of the four driving
wheels. The axle, crank pins, rods, cross
heads, guides and links are a! i of steel,
and hardened removable bushings and
pins are provided throughout for all valve
gear. Sand boxes are provide ito sand all
•wheels both ways. All operating levers,
valves, etc , are within easy reacn of the
engineer. The locomotive is designed
throughout to secure the best e.ncieney
for uninterrupted work for Jong hours un
der severe conditions, and the design of
parts is such as to make repairs easy.
The engines were built at Pittsbnrg.
THE DOCTOR'S ULSTER.
Inside Pockets for Carrying Surgical
Instruments and Medicines.
By means of a coat recently planned a
doctor may now load himself up com
pletely with surgical instruments and the
public will he none the wiser, says the
New York World. And he can do away
with his gig, too, it he wants to. The coat
is known as the "doctor's ulster," and in
addition to providing warrcth and a water
proof covering, it is calculated to contain
ail the instruments which physicians are
usually called upon to use in emergency
cases.
The coat is represented in the picture
turned inside out. On the right side
of the coat are a number of pockets, ar
ranged to hold three different instruments.
On the other *id«j there is room for a medi
cine-case, a hypodermic-case and a stetho
scope. This coat is a very great conven
ience to physicians who are'called up at
all hours to attend cases of pressing neces
sity. Formerly the doctor was obliged to
load up a valise with instruments and medi
cines and cany it out in all sorts of weather.
Now, in ra*e of rain, he need only slip on
his ulster, having previously supplied the
THE NEW DOCTOR'S ULSTER.
pockets with the necessary instruments
and drugs.
TnK NEW SCIENCK.
It Read* the Character of People by
Examining the Teeth.
What, another! Yes; palmistry has a
new rival. Phrenology is way back,
physiognomical research proves too unre
liable, but here is a method that is de
clared to be unerring, infallible, and then
so blessedly innocent.
Teeth-reading is the latest, the very lat
est, means of investigating character.
Open your mouth ! For the horse-dealer's
i judgment is now to be applied to the
world at large, but, instead of "age,"
it is temperament, disposition, with
all the attendantfvirtues and vices that
j the knowing seer will be able to read in
I those ivories which nature— not art, let it
; be added— has fixed there as so many sign
boards. Th.s science is the result of a
necessity for something new and startling,
aiid it will "je admitted by possessors of a
dental complement that there is some
thing in it.
Professors affirm there are two or three
deep-rooted reasons for believing that
i teeth are the index of a man's nature. At
j all events, teeth that are long and nar
| row indicate a grasping disposition; small
j white, separate molars mark his treachl
cry ; inconsistency is revealed by over
lapping teeth, anil where they are widely
parted he is sure to tell all be knows.
Thus suit ta t!ie believer in the new science.
Mr. Roosevelt's tine teeth have been the
subject of considerable comment by the
New York newspapers ever since he was
made Police Commissioner, but nobody
has as yet applied to them this theory
of character reading. Why not try it on
now?
Would it not be a laudable experiment
to apply this same method to all sorts of
persons, beginning, of course, very early
in life, before the dentists have upset
nature's handiwork with their artifices
and made "iniDroveinents" on that pood
lady's crude and early efforts. People who
wear false ones would be out of the
running, but surely everybody else must
be charmed to try teeth-reading.
Even if Dr. Oliver Wendell Holmes did
say men made their own mouths, outside
of a dental co:lege they are not responsible
for the shape of their teeth. If. as a race,
we Americans are not of the Mr. Carker
order, and haven't handsome white teeth,
let alone good and moral teeth, it should
not be laid up against us. However,
if there must be as many new sciences
as there are new fashions, this infant one
is as well as another, and may yet grow to
dignified proportions, though it ia feared it
will be some time before it is self-sup
porting—Boston Herald.
A COAL TRANSPORTER.
An Ingenious Apparatus for Use In Sup
plying Steamships at Sea.
So far as is known to the writer no
especial apparatus for this purpose has
been designed or constructed in this
country; possibly the idea of coaling war
vessels in a seaway is of too recent adop
tion here for such development. It will
be remembered that some experiments
have been made with coaling off sound
ings from a tender by A merican war vessels;
and if it shall seem to be desir
able to be prepared to receive fuel
at sea in this manner there is little doubt
that the genius of American mechanics
will evolve an apparatus which shall be
at once simple and efficient. In all prob
ability the onl\ T principles to be applied
to this undertaking are those in daily use
on the traveling cableway, the coal "stor
age mechanisms and some of the exten
sive apparatus which is used for the re
moval of spait from the great cut of the
Chicago drainage channel.
The appliance consists essentially of a
beam or spar which can Ire hoisted and
supported from a suitable hook. A trav
eler runs on a rail attached to this spar
and carries a bucket. This traveler may
be stopped at any one of a number of
fixed points in this rail and the bucket
lowered or raised. When the load is be
ing lowered the traveler is rigidly locked
to its wave, and when it is traveling the
load is locked so that it cannot be low
ered. The whole of the various motions
of lowering and traveling are controlled
by a single wire ropo passing over a pul
ley at the end of the spar. The spar is
stayed at frequent intervals by wire
rope stays, which at their upper ends are
connected to a single ring. The whole ap
THE SAN FKANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 12, 1896.
pliance can thus be strung from an ordi
nary derrick or crane, and when used
on shipboard it is not mounted until it
is about to bo used, being secured on deck I
until wanted-. The ends of the spar are j
stayed to fixed points, and when all is I
hauled taut the transporter is quite rigid, j
One of these transporters erected on a I
wharf at Woolwich has a spar eighty-five j
feet long which can be traversed along its !
: beam a distance of forty feet, so that a large
: area may he commanded by the bucket.
I The rail on which the traveler runs is
! made out of a channel iron and is fitted
with stops at intervals of five feet. All
the stops, save the one at the lower end
of the spar, are under control, and the
bucket may be stopped at any one of
them which the engineer or fireman may
direct. Suspended from the traveler head I
is the latching and locking mechanism, j
which appears to be quit** elaborate and
somewhat difficult to explain without the
aid of a series of diagrams. In operation
j the bucket is run out to the end of the spar,
where the traveler locks itself, there being
a specially deep stop there.
The bucket is then lowered and filled !
and hoisted until a ball unlocks the tray- I
J eler and locks the load. It is then tra-
I versed up the beam and past the desired
I Btop and allowed to back into it, when
I the traveler locks itself and the load may
j be lowered. On raising the bucket again !
; the traveler is unlocked, moved sligntly I
up the beam and allowed to run down
I again to the lower end, where the former
i cycle of operations is repeated. It is said
i that one of these machines has dispensed
! with the services of eight men formerly
: employed to accomplish the same amount
; of work, and that the transporter has been
; extensively sold both in Englaud and
abroad. — London Engineering.
JOURNALISM IX FRANCE.
The Rank and File Find Life a Hard
Struggled
generally, journalism in
France is not a remunerative profession.
With a few notable exceptions, both jour
nals and journalists have a struggle to
live, and the prospects for both seem to be
getting more gloomy. A well-known edi
tor has lately given expression to the fol
lowing facts.
Dealing first with journalists, ho says
that the exceptions are Francisque Sarcey,
H. Fouquier and H. Maret, who earn
something like $20,000 a year by writing
articles, and editors like Fr. Magnard (I.c
Figaro^. H. Rochefort (L'lntransigeant).
P. de Cassagnac (L'Autorite) and E. I)ru
mont (Libre Parole, the anti-Semitic news
paper), who make a respectable income.
But all these men have to work far
harder in proportion to their earnings
than their confreres in England and
America. Francisque Snrcey is probably
the most popular journalist in the world;
it is a fair estimate to say that his articles
in different papers are read by 2,000,000 of
people every week, without counting his
work for the American monthly, "The
Cosmopolitan."
There is a sharp contrast between the
earnings of such men and those of even
the cleverest of the ordinary run of French
journalists. An income of £180 per an
num is considered very good indeed; the
majority earn from £120 to £160. The
journalists who earn such salaries are
generally regular members of the staff of
a newspaper. A large number of men
live almost from hand to mouth, unable
to obtain a regular engagement; and un
fortunately the regular situations are be
coming more and more scarce. The num
ber of men absolutely out of work is rela
tively greater than in any other profession ;
the two professional associations have
nearly one-third of their members with
out occupation. i
It is much the same with the newspapers ;
some pay well, but the majority of those
which keep alive do not yield a good re
turn. Although the total number of jour
nals increase^, the absolute number of
readers remains the same— that is, the cir
culation obtained by a newcomer, or the
increase in the circulation of an estab
lished .journal, simply means that so many
subscribers have deserted other papers.
The two most widely circulated papers
in France are Le Petit Journal and Le
Petit Pansien, both halfpenny dailies.
The former, which has a circulation of over
1,000,000, is able truthfully to boast of the
'•largest circulation in the world." The
Petit Parisien is rapidly overtaking its
French rival.
Newspapers in France live by their sales,
which, of course, do not eive them a chance
to pay handsome salaries. In other coun
tries, except those inhabited by Latin
races, newspapers live by their advertise
ment?.
i The advertisements of all kinds in the
; three principal German papers are enor
mous; even the Russian journals Novoe
! Vreraya, Novosti and Viedomoati have
i each more advertisements than all the
i Parisian papers put together. The Times,
'■ with a circulation probably not exceeding
30, 0 X), spends more money than a small
German state, whereas a" French paper
with six times the circulation can only jog
; along decently. And there is probably a
j worse time coming. Not only are ariver
tisements becoming fewer, but the number
! of people in all parts of the world who
: speak French is constantly diminishing.
A NEW THING IX FICTION.
The Grotesque Figure Introduced by
Uerr Xurdaui
Smokeless powder, the bicycle, univer
j sity extension, any number of new-fangled
i and portentous things are fast becoming
| the material of fiction, but Herr Nordau,
; who is rich in surprises, offers one more
: novelty to his readers which casts even
'the kinetoscope into the shade. A certain
: professor, in one of his novels, receives a
i packet from his inamorata. 'She in
! closed a lock of her magnificent golden
! hair. * * * The habit of minute ob
| pprvation, inseparable from the naturalist,
j led him to discover, on examining the
charming offering, that each sinele hair
still retained its root bulb. The lock had
not been cut from the head, but was com
posed of combings which srrj had saved up
with prudent calculation."
This, it may be safely averred, is beyond
the most painstaking "realist to be found
in the same hemisphere with Herr Nordau.
He puts a long distance between himself
and all competitors. For "actuality" he
must be given the palm over the most de
j generate author he has ever scored for
I senseless absorption in material details.
For if this discovery of the professor in the
novel is not senseless we would like to
know how it might better be characterized.
I The wiles of the sorceress have been put to
naught ingeniously by many novelists, but
it is doubtful if any one o'i them, having
the dignity of his work in consideration,
could ever admit this end-of-the-century
expedient of Herr Nordau. The inquis
itive professor, pottering over his lady
love's hair with a microscope and a "nat
uralist's" enthusiasm, makes one of the
most grotesque figures that even this time
of hysterical fiction has produced. He
goes to the root of the matter with a
vengeance.— New York Tribune.
THE PORKER'S RUM BLOSSOM.
He L,ikes V.hUky and His Nose Shows
the Kffeet of His Indulgences.
Just across the line from Lawrenceburg,
Ky., in Mercer County, there is a large
distillery owned by one of that county's
most reputable and influential citizens, j
This man made a discovery a few days !
since, the like of which was never heard of
before.
He has for many years owned a white
pig of the Berkshire variety , which was
the pet of the entire family. The pig, in
stead of staying around the house, made
his home constantly in the large whisky
warehouse near by, and was fed at this
place, never leaving except for a few
moments at a time. About three months
ago the distiller noticed that the nose of
his pet was taking on a crimson hue. He
thought rather strangely of this, but didn't
give the matter much attention, thinking
t;iat possibly the pig' 3 nose had been hurt
in some way.
Last Sunday he had occasion to again
notice the pig, and discovered that its
nose was now perfectly red and it seemed
very drowsy. He at once came to the con
clusion, winch proved to be true, that the
pig was a confirmed drunkard of the worst
type. It was a custom at the distillery
when a leak was found to place a tin
bucket under the barrel and catch the
drops as they fell until time could be
found to stop the leakage. This whisky
was given to the hands at the warehouse,
and they were never in a great hurry to
repair the barrel. Knowing that the pig |
could get whisky no other way except out
of these buckets, he was watched ana was
seen to go to a bucket and drink at least a
quart, alter which he would smack his
jaws together and utter a satisfied grunt.
The distiller thinks the hog acquired the
whisky habit by drinking the distillery
slop, on which he was fed for a long time.
No attempt will be made to break him
from the habit.— Cincinnati Enquirer.
A BICYCLE PILLION.
New Device Which Makes a Single
Wheel Carry Double.
The old custom of riding pillion may be ,
revived with a bicycle substituted for the I
horse, if the stamp of popular approval I
shall be put upon a device recently pa- |
tented by Harry J. Getman of Traverse !
City, Mich. His patent consists of a car- i
rier seat, which is fastened to the front I
frame of the bicycle, overhanging the for- J
ward wheel. It consists of an elongated
-
The Second Seat on the Bicycle.
\ clip frame attachment, shown separately
in ibc small view, and composed of two j
parallel rods joined at the front by a block, I
and connected to the rear by a "bolt, the
front portions of the frame resting on the
collar of the bicycle frame.
Securely attached to the front of thecJip
frame is :i transversely bent rod extending
! to one side, on which is a seat, while
bolted rigidly to the opposite side of the j
clip frame is a skirt or leg support, com- I
posed of the framework of metallic rods, \
over which is secure wire gauze or netting. |
This support extends rearwardly and out
wardly from the lefthar.d side of the ma
chine, and curves downwardly from the
clip frame, to conveniently support the
limbs ;t!id skirts of the person on the for
ward seat and afford such a balancing of
the weight as will prevent undue torsional
strain oi the parts, and avoid liaoility of
breaking or bending.
TO PROTECT BANK CASHIERS.
A New Device to Circumvent the Bold
Bandit.
With bullet-proof cars for protection of
mail and mail clerks, and bullet-proof
offices for bank cashiers, it would seem
that the business of the country might be
transacted with a modicum of safety.
Napoleon B. Kees of Lincoln, Kans., hav
ing, the safety of cashier and funds at
heart, las patented (November 12, 1895)
a bullet-proof protector for bank offices,
winch can be instantaneously dropped in
fror.t of the change window by a slight
kick of the foot which unlatches the con
trivance. It is feared that if the inventor
keeps on the wary bandit will yet have to
To Protect the Cashier.
go to work for a living or depend on lonely
highway hold-ups. if the inventor will
now turn his attention to devising a
safety "public protector" to attach to the
back doors of banks to prevent the cashier
from leaving in that direction with the
funds, the public will rest pretty easy.
A DROP OF WATER.
Its History I 9 Full of the Wonders of
Romance.
Water that is now in the ocean and in
the river has been many times in the sky.
The history of a single drop taken out of a
glass of water is really a romantic one.
No traveler has ever accomplished such
distances in his life. That particle may have !
reflected the palm trees of coral islands !
and have caught the sun ray in the arch |
that spans a cloud clearing away from the
valleys of Cumberland or California.
If i may have been carried by the Gulf
Stream irom the shores of Florida or of I
Cuba to be turned into a crystal of ice
beside the precipices of Spitsbergen. It
may nave hovered over the streets of
London and have formed v part of the
murky fog and have glistened on the
young grass biade of April in Irish fields.
It has been lifted up to heaven and sailed
in great wool-pack clouds across the sky,
forming part of a cloud mountain echoing
with thunder. It has nuns: in a fleecy
veil many «mles above the earth at the
close of long seasons of still weather. It
has descended many time^o ver in showers
to refresh the earth, and has sparkled and
bubbled in mosey fountains in every
country in Europe.
And it has returned to its native skies,
having accomplished its purpose, to be
stored once aj,'ain with electricity to give
it new life-pro.iucing qualities and equip it
as heaven's messenger to earth once moie.
— The Museum.
SOME QUKKB SEEDS.
A Famoua Bean Which In More Deadly
Than Strychnine.
Our North American Indians eat the
seeds of many plants, parching them, then
grinding them and making them into
gruel. Their fondness for the seeds of
some pines is weli known,, these "pinons"
being to them what sugar plums are to us.
Seeds of many kinds have been found in
the ruins of the homes of the ancient cliff
dwellers of Utah, who evidently used them
for food. The cliff-dwellers ate the seed
of the ordinary pigweed. Indians to this
day consume the seeas of many grasses,
which are ground into flour.
The famous Calabar bt-an is said to be
worse than strychnine. The natives use it
for an ordeal. If a person be accused
of a crime he is made to eat one, being
judired to be guilty in case of
death, which is almost inevitable. An
other seed employed for a like purpose is
that of the ordeal tree of Madagascar, said
to be the most deadly of vegetable proa
ucts. One of these seeds about the size of
an almond will kill twenty men.
Another seed alleged to "be poisonous is
the common cockle, which, finding its way
into the wheat tields, poisons the bread
; made from the wheat. It is the bane of
; the farmer in the Northwest.
It is popularly supposed that horse
; chestnuts are very unwholesome, neverthe-
I less in Turkey they are roasted for coffee,
I fermented lor liquor and used for horse
medicine.
In India there is a seed called the retti
which varies so little in weight that it is
used as a standard of one grain. From its
name is derived the name carat which we
use.
From Guatemala comes the candle nut
used for lighting. The famous kola nut of
Africa possesses wonderful properties as a
stimulant, and the betel nut, "a narcotic,
is well known. — New York Mail and
Express.
40,000,000 BOOKS.
Public Libraries of the World Contain
That Enormous Nnmber.
Exclusive of private libraries, the num
ber of books in the various libraries of the
world is estimated at the present time to
be no fewer than 40,000.000.
In the last half-century the number of
library books has as nearly as possible
doubled, as the number in 1845 was only
estimated at 20,000,000.
One cause of this remarkable increase is
the threat cheapening of the cost of pub
lishing during that period, and another
the spread of education among all classes.
The biggest library in the world is the
National Library at Paris, which has now
2,100,000 books. 'The library of the British
Museum follows with at least 1,260,000
books, and the Imperial Library at St.
Petersburg with 1.000,000. The" Munich
Library has 810,000 books; the Royal Li-
BICYCLE PILLION.
; brary, Berlin, 800,000 books, and the Dres
| den Library 525,000 books.
In the United States the Boston Public
I Library has 587,000 books, and the Chicago
; University Library 380,000, while the Con
! KresMonal Library at Washington contains
: 385,000 volumes and 150,000 pamphlet?, its
j present rate of increase beine 50,000 vol
umes and 5000 pamphlets yearly.
The Vatican Library is one of the most
valuable in the world on account of the
number of rare and priceless books and
manuscripts.
Cenmis of Colleges.
There are 3200 students at Harvard. It
has an increase of only 69 in the freshmen
class, in both its academic and scientific
departments, over the freshmen class en
tering in 1881.
In the academic department at Yale
there are 1130 undereraduates, as compared
With 1159 ir. 1894, and 505 are enrolled in
the scientific department, as compared
with 577 last year, but the total attendance
at Yale will be 114 larger than last year.
Michigan University has over 3000 stu
dents.
The number of undergraduates at the
University of Pennsylvania is 2472, an in
crease of 74 over last year.
The entering class* at Princeton will be
smaller than the last entering class, but
there will be a slight increase in the total
attendance at the university.
The University of Wisconsin has about
900 students; the University of Illinois,
OoO; the University of Indiana, 1000; the
University of lowa, 1107; the University
of Nebraska, 1250, and the University of
Minnesota 2000 students. The increase at
Cornell will be about 200, raising the total
attendance at that university to over 2000.
At Brown University, in Providence, the
freshman class numbers almost 300, and
the total number of students in attend
ance will be between 850 and W)0.
Chicago University has about 1100 un
dergraduates, and Columbia College, in
New York, more than 2000.
Williams College has also the largest en
tering class on its records, and the same
statement is made in respect to Amherst,
Dartmouth has a fresurnan class of 135,'
the largest in its history.
After Trafalgar.
That night the storm broke with vio
lence. Tt continued throughout the 23d, and
three of the eleven vessels which had es
caped under Atlmiral Gravina were dashed
to pieces on tbe shore; all but four of the
English prizes were wrecKed, and of Ville
neuve's proud squadron only eight were
left. He himself survived as a prisoner,
and the following spring was released on
parole. Early in April he landed at
Morlaix, and, proceeding to Itennes, for
warded thence a letter asking for an oppor
tunity to plead his cause before the Em
peror. What the reply was is not known,
but on the 22d he was found dead in his
room, stabbed in several places, the knife
embedded in the last wound. The re-
P oaches Napoleon had heaped upon him
must have been in the main undeserved,
"UNRECORDED HISTORY."
"The constitutional inability of George Washington to tell a lie was proverbial, and the
hope of some of hi* supporters that late t?i life this physical defect might be overcome wa«
doomed to disappointment. A diplomatic hyperbole was the best he could ever do in spite of
most praiseworthy efforts. 1 ' — Punch's Almanac.
for he was never degraded ; but they broke
his spirit and he doubtless committed
suicide.
It was long believed that he had been
killed by one of his own officers—Magen
die, captain of the Bucentaure— lest he
should make disclosures dis raceful to the
fleet and to the Emperor. Captain Wright,
who commanded the English ship in
which Georges Cadoudal, the Chouan, and
other Bourbon conspirators had landed at
Biville, had been thrown on French shores
from a wreck and taken prisoner. In Oc
tober, 1805, he, like Picuegru. was found
dead in his cell. The circumstances were
equally theatrical and damning. He was
lying with his throat cut, and near at hand
was a razor and a copy of the Moniteur
containing the news of'Ulm. The Parisi
ans murmured under their breath that
this Bonaparte was indeed unfortunate, as
all his enemies died in his hands. Later,
however, the most convincing testimony
proved Magendie's innocence, and there is
little evidence that Foucbe or any of his
agents were concerned in the deaths of
Pichegru and Wright. It is, nevertheless,
possible, and suspicion will never entirely
disappear, for the coincidences are start
ling.—Sloane's "Life of Napoleon" in the
Century.
The Scientific Color of Sin.
The Methodist Ministerial Association, !
in session at the Meridan-street Church, j
yesterday morning listened to an interest
ing lecture by the Rev. John W. Milam on i
"The Color of Sin." Mr. Milam made the !
assertion that scientific developments have i
developed that sin is scarlet. These ex- J
periments were made in the Smithsonian I
Institution. By means of a chemical
process the perspiration of a person arouse:!
by sinful passion was subjected to a test
that disclosed a pinkish color. Forty ex
periments were made, and in each test the
results were the same. Some of the min
isters declined to accept Mr. Milam's new
theory, and one member of the association
asked if it were meant that people could
sweat out the evil in them. Mr. Milam
replied that his assertions were based on
scientific facts; that it was a convincing
argument that the Bible and science are
in accord, for the Bible speaks of the color
of sin. — Indianapolis Journal.
ELECTRIC FIREARMS.
The Cartridge Discharged by the Cur
rent's Action.
The practice of tiring big guns by elec- I
tricity is already well established, but
hitherto no practical attempt has been
made to explode the shells of small arms
electrically. An electric rifle has recently |
been designed by J. F. Blake of New I
Haven, Conn., in which it is sought to
carry out this principle, says the Phila
delphia Record. The source of the cur
rent is a battery (A), wbich is fitted into
the stock either from the side or from the
ends. The holes (B B) are connected to
springs (C C), from which the wires (D D)
run respectively to a spring (M), bolted at
(I) to the look plate and to the insulated
hammer (H) fixed on the upper part <f
the trigger (G). Qis the shell containing
an insulated pin, the head of which (O)
projects beyond the base of the shell. If nec
essary two pins can be placed parallel with
each other and insulated until their points
nearly meet. Between the base of trie
cartridge and the hammer is a pin (X) j
encircled by a spring and rireted into a '
cross plate (J) at one end, the other end!
being fitted into an insulated thimble (L),
the point of which nearly torches the '■■
shell pin head (O). When the cartridge
has been inserted and the gun closed, the
spring (M) rests on the metal base of the
cartridge.
As the trigger is pulled the hammer j
. __ i
Electric Rifle.
I
strikes the plate (J), forcing the point of
the thimble (L) into contact with the pro
jecting end (0) of the cartridge pin. An
arc is established at (P O), which explodes
the contents of the cartridge.
The point of the tiring pin (P) can be
placed anywhere within the explosive
pow.;er of the cartridge, but by ext»-ndini>
U near the bullet, as shown in the illustra
tion, a more effective explosion of the
powder is secured.
A News Woman's Fortnne.
A woman selling newspapers in Paris
in one of the little kiosks on the Boule
vard de ? ltaliens had applied to the city
authorities for the occupancy of her kiosk
iree of rent, pleading extreme poverty,
I and had been granted this privilege for
s vera.l years. She suddenly died the
other day, and when the kiosk was cleaned
out it was found that she had hidden
therein more than 100,000 fmncs in gold
and notes. This fortune will fall to a son,
a wagon-maker's apprentice, 16 years old,
who lives in abject poverty and did not
know that his mother had any money at all.
Cramp In the Lee-
Many persona of both sexes are troubled
with cramp in one or both of ihe legs. It
usually comes on suddenly, and while it
lasts the pain is acute. Most people jump
out of bed— the cramp nearly always conies
on just after coing to bed or while un
dressing—and either rub their lee or get
some one to do it for them. There is noth
ing easier than to overcome the spasm,
and the method suggested is as follows:
Provide a good strong cord — a long garter
will do it nothing else is handy. "When
the cramp comes on take the cord, wind it
around the leg over the place in which the
pain is felt and take one end in each hand,
und give it a sharp pull, one that will hurt
a little. The cramp will cease instantly,
and the sufferer can go to bed assured that
it will not come again that night.—Phila
delphia Record.
I NEW TO-DAY.
:freel^chlsgl
A Practical Test of the Matchless
Chronic Disease Treatment.
Free to All Who Call in Person at the
Offices of the Copeland Medical In-
stitute, 916 Market Street.
To enable all to obtain some definite under,
standing of their new system of chronic dis-
ease treatment and to test its great practical
advantages over all other methods Drs. Cope-
land, Neal and Wiiin offer to all sufferers from
Catarrh or other curable chronic maladies a.
trial treatment free. Remember, that ail who
apply in person will now be cordially welcome
to a careful examination, advice and treat-
ment, upon their first visit, absolutely free of
I charge.
POLYPI PAINLESSLY REMOVED.
The Experience of Mrs. A. M. Rudolph
of Oakland.
Mrs. A. M. Rudolph, whose portrait is given
below, and who lives at 1471 Fifth street, Oak-
land, is a lady who is well and favorably
known in that city. She says :
Mrs. a. M. Rudolph, 1471 r'i*-rn st.. Oakland.
My trouble commenced some twelve years
ago. *It began with catarrh, the result of neg-
lected cold ; this brought on a polypus growth
in my nostrils. My nostrils gradually stopped
up, and for years I could not breathe through
them, compelling mo to keep my mouth open
nil the time. I lost my appetite; could not
sleep; ran down in flesh and strength, and was
thoroughly miserable. 1 went to many doc-
tors, but could not obtain relief. I was afraid
<>t their barbarous methods of removing the
tumors. I had read so much of the Copeland
Medical Institute, and one day read of a case
exactly like mine. I then went to them and
placed my case in their care: They removed
the tumors painlessly and without loss of
blood ; the relief at once was worth a hundred
times what it cost. I can now breathe through
my nostrils freely and leel better in everyway
I want every one to know tin- great good Drs
Copeland, Neal and Winn have done for me"
and am only too glad to add my testimony in
their favor. '
THE MAIL TREATMENT.
The following letter proved the mail treat,
ment a success: "cafe.
San Luis Obispo, Nov. 14 lßO'i
Dear Doctors— l will peed no more treatment
as lam now satisfied that I am cured You
can publish my statement to that effect r
thank you very much for the interest yon have
taken in my case. THEODORE THORP.
$5 A IVIOWTH.
No fee larger than $5 a month asked for ant
disease. Our motto is: "A Low Fe» On£fc
Cure. Mild and Painless Treatment." Q C *
Tie Ccpelaii Meal Institute,
PERMANENTLY LOCATED IN T'.IE
COLUMBIAN BUILDING
SECOND FLOOR *
91 6 Market St. Next to Baldwin HotsL
Over Beamish's. '
W. H. COPELAND, M.D
J. G. NEAL, M.D
A. C. WINN. M.D.
7to 8:30 p. M. Sundav-10 a m to 2 pV **
■nSeS'ulMv 1 ™a n d ki " d i cd disease ' 9 tr ' cat9lTHE COMMERCIAL WORLD.
, »)!' TIIK MAKKKT?.
— •
Twenty-four FaHures last week,
silver unchanged.
Bank Clearings gum H-B",'.
Wheat and Barley steady.
Oats and Corn firm.
Hay and KeedstiilTs unchanged.
Heans doin^ better again.
Potatoes and Onions steady.
Btitter and Cheese firm.
I--PKS loner lin'and dull.
Poultry dull and weak. ,
Ctme easier.
Aj-ples Knd Ornnnes iniicilve.
Dried Fruits a:;d Raisins as before.
Provisions quiet:
No Chun.. Hides.
WI \ 1 ill.:: BUREAU KtPORT.
Ukitkd STATES DKPAKTMBXT OF AGBICUIr
tcrk, WEATHKtt Uurkau, Sah Fbancis'co, Jan
uary 11, !£?6, o 1. m.— Weather conditions and
general forecast:
Tlie following are the seasonal rainfalls to date
•s compare .l with those ot" tlie s:tme date last year:
Eureka 15.510, last sonson 22.2.7; Red Bluff C.68,
lf.st srasou 17.12:' t?au ran :iaco 4.10, last season
15.t>7; Fresno 1.11, la-,t season 7.16; San Luis
Obispo 1.00, las) season 15.32; Los Angeles 1.71,
Usi sesion 0.81; Shu Dieso 1.57, last season 3.20-
Viima .«■-'. last season ".21.
The following maximum temperatures are re-
I-oned from siatious in California to day: Eureka
54f San Francisco 55, Los' Angeles 74, Ked illoff
HO, -van Luis Obispo 63. San Diego 64, Fresno 6-1
Independence GV, Vuma7B. '
San Francisco data— Maximum temperature 55
minimum 4 1, menu 51. '
An extensive area of high pressure ! r.'VaiU this
pvenlnK ov.r th.-. tx-.tire western onion of the
country, excepting California and Southern
Arizona. There has been a rapid rise in the
l', r< s , su f ,, ovor Montana and the Dakota* and a
Miitu fall alone: 'Washington coast. The Lndi
i;:i:mii»jircno'.a 1 favorable for rain as they have
t- 1 diirius : the past week. Ihe temperature has
la , 1 ?, iI?P, ldl> ; over :Nouh Dakota and Manitoba
and slightly along thf extreme soiuhern coast of
« ii.iforma. l'he weather Is cloudy to-night over
Northern California, Nevada and Utah.
1-orecasi made at San Francisco for thirty
Lours endlaitmldnifiht January 12, 180(5:
Northern California— Cloudy, probably without
rain Sunday; stationary temperature; southeast
erly winds.
Southern California— Cloudy weather, probably
without rain; stationary temperature: light east
erly winds.
Nevada Cloudy weather; stationary temper
ature.
Utah— Clondy weather; stationary temperature,
except colder Sunday moruinj iv northern por
tion, i
Arizona— Fair: stationary tempi ra lure.
I randsoo and vicinity— Cloudy weather,
probably without rain; stationary temperature;
libiu easterly wiDds.
" A. McAdik. Local Forecast Official.
NEW YOUK MARKETS.
Financial.
NEW YORK, V V., Jan. 11.— The dealings at
the Stock Exchange to-day amounted only to 75,
--3' JO shnres. The industrials monopolize.! tbe trad
iut; in stocks and figured for nearly half of the
total. At the opening sugar was the especial
feature, rising l x i to 1041^ on reports from Wash
ington that the Sena Finance Committee will de
cide not to tamper with the (iutv on raw sugar.
Lea her preferred was linn tor a time, bat on the
revival ot the rumors about the passing of the divi
dend dropped trom b^^ to 57Vg.
Ctiicaso Ci:is was inclined to weakness and ranged
between 6SV2 ur.d 66^. closing at the lower figure
on the failure of the rumors current yesterday
about a declaraiion of dividends, t-tc." Tobacco
was in demand and at one time ro.se to SO 1 ,'' The
r;se brought out long stock and a reaction to 79 iv,
followed. The railway list af:er an irregular opoti"
ins became firm in sympathy with the.ri.se in su
par, but- the changes werj cOtfOned to narrow lim
its. London sold moderately of the imernatiouHl
Jssaes with lbe»»xc-eption of H^t. Paul.
New developments in the bond situation, such as
the witharawnl of the New York i ife Insurance
Company from the Morgan syndicate had r.o in
fluence whatever. Speculation closed barely
steady, in tone. Net changes show declines of
V*@J4 per rent in the railway list and srains of
in the lntltsstrials. Chicago gas i.:. i leather
prelerreJlos: «4@'?' s per c.;n:.
Bonds weie rirm. Snles were $75,300. Chesa
peake and Ohio (ieneral four and a hal:s rose jij
to 74; Denver and Kio Grande fours, is s \o 45;
'.Wabash, D- trci: and Chicago fives, lVa io P^i-j;
Heading - era) fours certificates, 84 to 74 : ?t;
Oregon Shore Line mxcs, Va to 103. .•
v.rain.
} 1 OUR— Dull, unchanged. P.ye flour— Quiet,
Bteady; $2 40(i2 85. .Buckwheat flour, fl -c&l bOY
UucKwneat, 6«c. ys*
COK.NMEAL— Dull, steady, unchanged. . -
It YE— Nominal. . - ""'I
BARL l'lirhansed.
WHEAT— .Sp«t market dull, firm. So. 2 rod.stoi»,
ai.'i elevator, 6ss J ic; 1. o. b., - i liTfn (•: ungraded
red; 64m.73c: afloat. 70c: No. 1 northern, UH^oC. " 1
Options were dull nrnl easy at i fee decline, follow'
ing ibe West arid on locai realizing. May most
cc.ive. No. "J re*i. January. 67 1 Ac; February
6MLic; March, 69v 8 e: May, 67c; 1 ...- and July,
eevbc ; - .
CORN— Spot dull, easier. No. 2, S6 Vic elevator;
StiJ 4 c unoa-.
■ Options were dull, closin? steady and unchanged.
January. SJi ±c: February, 35\a: May, Hf>i A .
uATo-SjiOi dull, steady, options dull, easy.
January, 'J3',^c: 1-vbruary, ti4c; May. 24i>ic. Spot
prices: No. •.'. "2i\'ifi; No. 2 white, 25»4c; No. 2
Chicago, 2 3 Vis: No. 3, 2334 c: No. 'a white.
2434 c: mix-d Western, - : , 025 i..c; white do
and white >^tate, 25@^8c
FEEP BKAN-57V2@62t^a
Provisions.
BEEF— Quiet, unchaneed. Beef hams. dull.
515 C>o; tierc-ed beef steady, unchanged. Cut
meats tirm, unchanged J
LARli— Quiet: easy. Western &team. $5 75:
city. ?5 35 •/January, S5 75; refined. ■,ti.-t. Con
tinent. ?b 15; south America, 16 40; compound,
PUKK-Dull. Mess, .f IC@IO "0.
BUTTER — Moderate demund. -11 E dairy;
lU@2l'c; 00 June, ; lC@2-.'c: do creamery, 18
fe'J.tc: Western dairy. llftlSc; do creamery. IS
<ct'2sc: do June.' 16ra21V*»c: do factory, 10ia.17.-;
Elalns, 15c; imitation creamery. l-;,'al&c; rolls. 9
CHEESE— Firm, f.-vir demand:. State large, 5Vi
tH'c: do iency. 103; do small, 7-">,irriliJ 1 ">;-;
Vsf-r;i small, 9V4^lOVi: part skims, 3Vi&7c;
tall skims, 2fe3c.
J--G(iS— .Much lower; quite libera! lanply State
»:id Pennsylvania. 18faS22c: Souihern, i?@2oc:
lct-iiouse, n>ii><<tis<c: do.""p^r case. $4^4 25; West
ern fresh; 18g$20c; limed, 17ra-i7i/ 2 c.
TALIXJW— Quiet. City. B%c: country, 3%c.
luTTu.NSKEH OlL— Q';iei. stoiidy. C"rude, 24(*
241/jjC; yellow, prime, 2tsgL'}ji.^c;do,o9 grade, 273 %
KO.>IN — Quiet. Strained, common to good,
SI < ii>4l6'Ji.^.
TUKPENTINK— Firmer, ?lViQ32c
I'uTA'l OEs— Quiet. Sweets. $2@,i 75.
MOLASSES-^-Falr demand, flrnj. New Orleans,
Open kettle, unchanged: choice, 27@'J7c
COFFEE— Barfly steady, M!@.i<t points up.
Jaruary, !?::) 45&13 00; Mwrch, $13 10(^13 35;
May, *1370@lSiU5; June, ?12 66: Seijlember
fll^s@l2 ■>. October, f1195. Spot Rio,* dull;
SUGAR — Firm, dull; fair refining 3«Ac;
ceiitr;fuea].oe tost, 3"»ic. Refined, quiet, steady;
oft A, 4V2S4S' t iC; mold A. sVkc; standard A,
4 / c; confectioners' A, 4341 cut loaf, ;,!.,,■■
crushed. si/,cr; powdered, 6\ 6 v; granulated, 4ti©
6c; CO sV'sc • •
; Fruit and Produce.
CALIFOr.NIA FRUITS-Apricots-Bag,, 10%
PEACHES-Peeled, 18c: nnpeeled, t>3/ 4 ®BiAc
PRUNES— size*. 6yß@si/xc /is /4
RAISINS— London layers. 85cCi?l 25- loose
Muscatel 3-crown, SV^c; 4-crown. 4?A4Sic • loose
shl^9^ c .- laW?Bhell ' 11 ® 1^ : **• son
o^ A ,^ Cla Standard ' 6 7 c: a <> soft-shell,
HOPS— Quiet, unchanged; London market un
changed.
WOOL — Firm; unchanged.
CHICAGO MARKETS.
CHICAGO, 111., Jan. 11.— wheat market
was rather a tame affair to-day, the local scalpers
endeavoring 10 break prices early, and upon being
convinced of the futility of their effort 3 buying
baci ■ bat they had sold, thereby causing a rally,
an advance of no particular Importance.' however
occurred at the opening, higher Liverpool cables, a
slight decline in British consols ahd iurj-e rxiiori
<:!eararicea for the week from Loth coasts 3,471,
--000 bushels), each tended in a greater or Jess de
gree to communicate firmness .0 the tone. Tlie
selling by <ocal scalpers then began to aEsen its
]*mer and a decline to yesterday's close took place,
tollowed by the rally previously referred to. Later
there was a. return of weakness which carried
valut 3 below the earlier inside marks. Receipts in
tlie Northwest were large at 684 cars, against 398
last Saturday and 237 a yi'.tra.'O. For the week
the arrivals in tha; section were 333S c»rs, qgainst
V 025 lor i he last week and 1053 for the correspond
ing period in 1895. Chicago received 86 cars this
morning and 103,888 busaols were inspected from
•store. Atlantic seaboard clearances were <>: fair
volume at 313,807 bushels. Closing Continental
cables • ere trrecplar. May wheat opened from
69 % c 105934 c, sold between 60c and 59&59Vic,
closing at '>'•'»'■. Vi@VBC under yesterday, Esti
mated receipts' ior Monday 90 cars.
CORN— Was without motive or inspiration and
scant as to business. The half holiday as usual
was not calculated to stir up activity. A moderately
steady .fee ing pervaded the market tbrougnont.
Receipts 488 cars and 715 bushels were tn ken
from store. Liverpool cables wen- Vi ' higher. Ex
port clearances amounted .0 895, bushels. Ap
proaching the close, sympathy wlih the weakness'
of u],*ni was manifested and a decline took place.
Mny corn opened at 28T'«c."80ld between -8" ; ' and
*J9c arid 28V8C, closing at 28y 2 @28%c, Vi@ 3 /ic
'inderyestcUay. Estimated receipts ior Monday
870 cars.
'iA'i a— Presented nothing unusual, no trading
oimld* of that of the regular specialists being teen.
Theieeling was staady and prices changed but
little. Receipts were 18. 1 cars. There; were no
oaiHitiicHi from store, May oats closed ystz under
yesterJoy. Estimated receipts for Monday 195
O - JVLA T X — »» steady. Cash, 92Vi@03c; May,
86 , c v , I-ecelpu ere 28 cars.
PROVISIONS- Were firmer and slightly higher
early, Be boy lag orders being somewhat in the
majority at the ooentng. The sentiment lavon-<i a
lurtlier advance, and although business was light
there was more confidence in the demand than was
displayed by sellers. Later, however, conditions
were reversed ami prices receded with little coafl-
Closing Prices.
jmB9JS* i »- 66 % c: May> 59 * c; July,
sS!™^™*' " 6VsC: May, 28^@285.^c:
1 aht\ i ßlluar - Vi ?9 * 5: w »y.*» 75
- Januar >-. *8 423^; Way, $5 73V .
' MOXFY^vi^V* 5< W? May, *4 82^. 2 !
MO-\E\-Was rm at 6 per cent on call and
TJc prmi'umbid? 1110 loans - NeW York eXCUanBB
livestock.
UNION- STOCKYARDS, 111.. Jan. 11.-The
receipt of cattle to-day were light. The market,
as Is usually the case ou Saturday, was quiet.
lii. ■ - were steady. There was a good demand for
bogs at yesterday's prices and lh>j feeling was
steady. The sheep market was easy. The receipts
were rather large and the demand moderate.
CATTLE— Receipts, 1000. Common to extra
steers, f8 40(^5: stockers and feeders, $2 60@
3 80; cows and bulls, SI 75(83 M); calves, $3 50
@d76;-Te'xaus, $3 40©l 36.- •
HOOB— Receipts, 22.000. Heavy packing and
shipping lots. $3 65@3 85: common to choice
mixed, ?5~65@3 HO; choice assorted, $3 7&@
.3 85 ; light, $3 65@3 85 ; pI«S, if 3@3 70.
SHEEP— Kecelpts, 50t'0. Inferior to choice,
*2 25@3 70; lambs, $3 60@4 70.
MSV YORK STOCKS.
Bonds, Exchange, Money and Kailvoad
Shares. --.-
Money on call s@sy a^. Prime mercantile pa
per, 7.i9 Bar silver, t6-%c. Mexican dol
lois, 62% c. Sterling exchange is steady, with
actual business in bankers' bills at $4 87iA@4 S7 i
for sixty days ana 54 89@4 89i'.t for demand.
Posted rate«, $4. 80@4 *5. Commercial bills,
S4 .- ti i •.[,. 4 87%. Government bonds steady; State
bonds dull : rauroatt bonds firm.
CXCBI>-W STOCKS.
Am Tel & Cable.... .Norfolk & Wes ... 1%
Atcblfon 1 4i / 8 Preferred .. 6y 8
Preierrea »2 l^orth American... 4 1 !
Adams Ex press. ..145 .Northern Pac'.Uc. 3
Alton.TerreHaut*. 66^ Preferred llx .ii
American Kxpress.lll Nortnwestern. 97^-b
American Tobacco. 79 : Ji! Preferred 141
Preferred 101 N. Y. Central 9534
Bay Si ate Gas J$ N. Y. Ciiica«o&S.L 11'
Baltimore & Ohio.. 33 1 Ist preferred 65
Brunswick Lauds.. %' 2d preferred 22
Buffalo. Koch <t P. 15 X. Y.&N. H.. .17ri
Canada Paclttc 62 N. Y. .t New Knc 4614
Canada Southern,. 48 N. Y. Susq & W... BV2
Canton uind 60% Preferred. 23Va
Central Pacific ... 14V 2 Ontario. 7u,
Cbes. A Ohio. I* 1 ,!; Ontario* Western. 12jL
Chicago Alton loS Oregon lmprovmc. 2fj' 8
Preterrca 170 I ; referred —
Chicago, H. U. ... 74y 3 OregonNaviKatlon. la
Cbjcnsoafc K. 111... 4 Oregon Short Line. 5
Preterred 97 - [Pacific Mail 25
Chii-aK0ua5. ....... 65 y ' Peona, 1».& Evans. 2U.
Ove it Pittsbunj.lsß .Pittsburs & W pfd. 18
Consolidation Coal. 29 Pullman Pa1ace... 153
Consolidated Gaa..l4sVa ttuickallver iy~
C. C. C. A St. Louis. 33Va Preferred. 14 '
Preferred 83 Heading t.. 314
Colo. Fuel <» iron.. 25 iKioGrande&Westn 17
Preferred J8 I Preferred 40
Cotton Oil Cert.... l>j3- 4 Rock Island 0514
Commercial Cable. 140 |KomeWat<&Ok<ienlls
L>L Hudson 1.45 b st. L. <fc S. W 414
Del.ijickjsweiteruir'9 l Preferred i>t/,
Denver&R. G».... lli->6t.Paui • 673;.
Preterred il ■ Preferred ..125y 4
Pistlllers 1534 St. Paul* Du.jth. 22 '
General Electric... •<!;> ' i Preferred 85
Erie /4 St. Paul & Omaha- 34%
Preferred 23 1 Preferred 120
Fort Wayne lbO Ist. P. M. <fe M......112
GrealNorthernpra.no 'silver Certincat.... 67
Green Bay y 2 Southern Pacitic. ill
Harlem 380 JKouinernft.lt..... 814
Hocking Coal 2iM Preferrea 1 . 26%
Hocking Valley... 16 Sugar Kenuery....lOOS4
HomestaKe, 27. ■, Preferred. 97ya
H. & Texas Cent-. 1% Teen. Coal & Iron. 253'^
Illinois Central.... 91 Preferred 100
lowaCentral „ 7s/g Texas Pacific 8
Preferred 2tiy» ToI.A.A.Jt N.Mich.
Kansas it Texas.. - 103/ 4 1 01. & Ohio Cen.... 30
Preferred 23*1. Preferred tis
Kingston A; Pern... 3' 1 01. Sit. Louis & K.Q. 6
Lake Erie & Wesm ISVsj Preferred 17
Preferred 6» "" lUnion Pacific 3s 8
Lane Shore 140 'f. P.. Den. & Uult. 3
National Lead 'J 4L" .S. Cordage 5Vi
Preferred.:. ...\.. 84 f Preferred. 10
I.ong Island 80 ' Guaranteed 20%
Louisviile & Nash. tSSfy V. S. Express 88
Louisville Na&Ch. 8 I. S. Leather 9'
Preferred 37 j Preferred 57i0
Manhattan Consol. S»73.^'U. S. Rubber 27'
Meaipnia Charls. 16 Preferred 85
< Mexican Central... 9 Utlca it . B. River.. 150
Michigan Central.. B Vi IVab. 8. L. & Pac «5' 8
Minn S. l, Preferred 16
Preferred Wells-Kareo 95
Mli;n. * .St. Lcom. lt*Va Western Union 835-s
preferred 72 Va W is Centra* 3V»
• *'id]irpferrea 42V% Wheeling & L. E.. IOV2
Missouri Pacific.. 24V4 Preferred 35
Mobile <£ St. L com. 'j;->y> Am Cotton Oil pfd. 80- -'s
>referr».l 7S Vs Wis Centra, :si..
rfferrei 4. ■ ', V. Ueeiiug &L. E.. lU'Z
0. .. : I'J i'rt-f erred 35
'<S Ohio -.: '■ .. Am Cotton Oil pfd. t'-_'i o
Kashvllie Chait.... 65 .W U Beef 73/ a
'National Linseed.. 19',!, L I Traction 16'
'a. J. Central SJfcVi Ann Arbor
CT.OFI.NG BOXIW.
L ? B 4s. rejf...... ... iOS: -a M X T2ds 58V,
To. 4s coupon... 109 j Do. 4s. .. BSy -
V 4. new re? 115 Mutual Union' 6*.. .116
Do, 4s coupon. ..115 N J Cent <ien 55.. 113
Do. 25....: 96 Northern Pac lsts. 114
Do, 6s 11 -% Ho. 2ds 101
bo. 5s coupon .. 112; Do, Ws ■ 69
Cherokee 4s. 1896. ' " Nortnwesl Consols! 1 3«y.>
130.1897 100 i 110, deb Bs 1071/,
DO. 1898 100 Ofii.Msts. 105'"
Do. 1899 10 SiL&lronMtGenSs Hi
Pacific 6s 0f '95.... . Ist L* SF Gen 68.100
D. C. 3-6 5s 110 ist Paul Consols ...123
Ala Class A 4 109 >:. P. C. & l'alsts.l 12
Do. Class B 4, ss. 109 Do. Pac Cal tsts..lO7
LaConsol4s.. 86 Southern K. R. ss. 89
Missouri landing Texas Pacific firm 8:5 : 2
N Cerolinacon 65..120 Texas Pac seconds. 2
Do, 4s 102 UnionPaclstof9tf.lo3:'i
So Carolina 4i^>5... 104 West Shore 4s. ..104i/ a
Tennnew3B 87 Mobile Ohio 45.. H3 ' "
Va funding debt... 60 It OranaeWestlsts 72
I'o. Reg Cl.es ft O 105
Do, deferred 65... s Atchlpcn 4s 73*4
Do, trust rcpts st. OVil Do. Sds A '.'•>!«
Canada south yds.. 104 |G H«L S A 6s 104
Cen Par lstaof '95 100 ; Do, 2d 7s. 100
Deti&RGlst 11l H Tex Cent'ss..iO7
Do. tf 84 I Do.con6s lot
Erle2da 65 Heading 4s 741/4
Kansas Pa Consols 71 Missouri bs •
Ks Pa lsis lien divJo6Vi>
FOREIGN .MARKETS.
WITEAT IN LIVERPOOL.
LIVERPOOL, Eno., Jan. 11.— The spot market
is firm at 5s 6d. Cargoes are firm at 28s arrived.
FUTURES.
The Produce Exchange cable gives the following
Liverpool quotations for No. 2 Red Winter: Janu
ary, 554i,4d; February, ss43id; March, 655y 2 d-
April, 5s 53/4d;,May, 5s (Jd.
SECURITIES.
LONDON. Eno., Jan. 11.— Consols, lOOi/fe; sil
ver, 30 9-16 d; French Rentes, lOlf 35c Bullion
into Bank of England, £257,000. .-. _:■'_■;
EXCHANGE AND BUULION.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — $4 88
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 89
sterling Cables., , 91 89y 3
New York Exchange, sight..'. — Par
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — Par
Fine Silver, ounce — 66%
Mexican Dollars.... 53^4 631/2
BANK CLEARINGS.
Local bank clearings last week were $13,455,840,
against 12,029,808 for the same week in 1895.
A gain of 11.8*. ____j£_;i*.-^
THE WEEK'S FAILURES.
The Bradstreet Mercantile Agency reports 24
failures In the Pacific Coast States arid Territories
for the week ending yesterday as compared with 16
for the previous week and 10 for the corresponding
weeK or 1895. The failures for the past ween are
divided among the trades as follows: 4 saloons.
4 groceries, 1 wood and coal, '?, boots and shoes, 3
general stores, 2 hotels. 1 plumber and gas Jitter, 1
baker, 1 florist, 1 jeweler, 1 hardware, 2 tailors, 1
clothing.
"WINE AND BRANDY RECEIPTS.
Receipts of California Wine at San Francisco in
1896 were 14.577,262 gallons, against 11,801,693
In 1894. The receipts of Brandy were 285,145
gallons, against 594,300. :V : >.
EXPORTS OF BREADSTUFFS.
Exports of Flour from this port in 1895 were
960,500 obis, against 789,200 in 189*. Reducing
this Flour to a wheat basis and adding It to the ex
ported wh*at, gives total exports of wheat in 1895
at 14,011.000 «■ is, valued at. $13 314,400, ugalnst
9,6ol.vooct!sat $9,067,100 In 1894. In point of
quantity last year's exports were the largest since
1891, when they were 20,856,000 ctls, valued at
$23,415,200.
4
PEOLUOE MARKET.
WHEAT AND OTHEB GRAINS.
WHEAT -The Inveramsay takes for Cork 51,
--861 ctts, valued at 688; Cuthona, for Sydney,
36,413 ctls at $46,000; for Newcastle, 22,416 ctls
a: 528,0«'0.
The market is steady at the good prices. Futures
Si e .iw? !i r i in' 0 '. 1 " 91 °3V4@i 07% * ctl: choice.
$1 0834@l 10; lower grades, 90c^$l 02y 2 ; extra
choice ir.r milling, $ 1 15@1 IBS 4. ™
CAM, BOARD «A!. KB.
Informal Skrsion— 10 o'clock — May — 200
tons,..*] 07%: 300, $1 07y ; 500, SI 07G/.
lti:«ri,AK Mobxiko HXSSIOK— May— 300 tons,
*1 073/ 4 : 1200, SI 07%; 1000, $ I 08: 2100
•Tl 08 V«: 500. *1 081/4; 1100, 08%. ipot
stoni»;e paid— loo, $1 06»/«. /8 7"' 1
BARLEY— Prices showed no noteworthy chanse
Feed. 08%<a7Oc V ctl; choice, 7iy 4 c- Brewing
75@82y ? c; Chevalier, $1 10@l 20 ior'No. 1 and
75c^$l t* ct! for oft grade.
■ CALL BOARS SALES.
Informal Session— lo o'clock— 00 tons
70c; 100. 70y 8 c ■ . *
Kkodlak Moßsrso Session— May— 100 tons
70J/ 8 c: 100, 70i/ c; 200, 703/ B e. '
OATS— Arrivals continue small and the market
keeps firm. Milling are quotable at 76Jij«5c
I ctl: fancy Feed, 85@90c "^i ctl; good to choice,
75<&.85c; common to fair, 60@70c; Gray, 77Va®
85c; Red, for seed, «I@l 10; Black, for seed, $1 10
(3,1 30; ditto for feed, 75@8Sc; Surprise, 95c@$l.
CORN-No further change. Largv Yellow, 87^i
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 12, 1896.
@90c:^ Small Round do, 3 @9oc; White, 82% i
R YE— 7 oSISOc is ct i. .' - - r : i
BUCKWHEAT-Quoted at 85c@$l ctl, ac
cording to quality. '
FLOUR ASH, »HLXSTCF.FS.
FLOUR— The China steamor took out 20,542
bbls. The market rules firm. Net cash prices are:
Family extras, $3 85@3 65; Bakers' extras, $3 45
@3 65; supertine, $2 40@2 60 bbl.
CORNMEAL. ETC.—Feed Corn, 19 50@20 fi
ton: Cracked corn. S2O 'ft ton.
MI LLSTUFFS— Prices in 10- ft sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham Flour,
2%c; Bye Flour, 814 c; Rice Flour. 7%c; Corn
meal, 284@3c: extra cream do, »i/oc: oatmeal,
3»/ic: Oat Groats. 4%c: Hominy, HaiVtC> Buck
wheat Flour, 4c; Cracked Wheat, 3y 2 c: Farina,
4V2C: whole Wheat Flour, 3c; Rolled' Oats, 4JAc;
Pearl Barley, 4Vi(3»4V<,c; Split Peas, 434 c; Green
do, 6 Vie %* tt>.
HAY AND FEEDSTUFFS.
BRAN— Firm at $13 50@14 "$ ton, jobbing rates.
MIDDLINGS-$16®19 for lower grades up to
$ 2o 50 '$ ton for the best.
FEEDSTUFFS— RoIIed Barley, $16@17 $ ton:
Oilcake Meal at the mill, $21 $ ton; lobbing,
822 50: Cottonseed Oilcake, 821.
If AY— Steady at the established prices. Wheat,
$8(&12 50: Oat. Stall) 50: Wheat and Oat, $7 50^
1150 %* ton: Barley, $7<§>9 50; Alfalfa, $6@9;
Clover. $6@B; Compressed, $7 60@ll; Stock, $6@
7 50 ton.
STKAW- 35(g60c $ bale.
BEAN'S AND SEEDS.
BEANS— Dealers report more movement and a
corresponding Improvement in prices in some de
scriptions. Freight ra'.es to the Atlantic seaboard
will be advanced on the 24th, and there is some
shipping now going on to forestall this advance.
.Kayos. $I@l IS $ ctl: Small Whites, $1 25@
1 50; Pea. $J 60 $1 65; Lar?" Whites, $1 16@L 25";
Pink, 90c@$l l^Va: Reds, if 1 35(&1 40; Blackeye,
$175@185: Red Kidney, (1763190; Liinas,
$:: 50<&2 75; Butters, $1 60@l 70 '-p ctl.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard quotable at SI 95©2 05:
Trieste, ?2@2 HO; Yellow Mnstard. $1 -Mm! 60;
Flax, $1 70(4)1 75; Canary, 3Vi@3V2 c r #i ''b: Al
falfa 6i4@tsYac & lb, Rape, l^(a)2c ft lb; Hemp,
4 c t* It,.
DIUED PEAS-Quoted at 51 25@i 50 ■$ ctl for
Niles, $1 20@l 30 for Blackeye unJ $1 25@1 67
for Green.
POTATOES, ONIONS, VEGETABLES.
POTATOES — Volunteer New Potatoes, are
quotable at I^>@l : <«,c ~$ Ib; Sweets, $1 5C@2 V
ctl for Rivers and $2 25 %>. ctl for Merced; Sa
linas Burba 60@90e $ ctl: Kiver Burhanks, 25
t«sc f* sack: Oregon Burbanks. 40©70 c; Itlver
■ Is, 60@60e t» CO..
ONIONS— Firm at 85c@?l ¥ ctl; Cut Onions,
65@75c ■$ ctli Arrival of "631 sacks from Oregon
which are quoted at 85c@$l.
VEGETABLES — Mushrooms, fi@l2V c "$ ft.
Dried Peppers, 7@>loc; Los Angeles Tomatoes, 75c
091: . s*. box; Green Feus. s@7c; Siring Beans. 10
©15c; Dried Okra, 12-....-; Cabbage, 50c ctl;
Garlic, 4giuc"t< Hi: Marrowfat Squash, $20 ton.
roiITRV AND GA3IK.
POULTRY— Trado was very dull yesterday and
r rices were weak.'
Live Turkeys, 10@llc 1b fcr Gobblers and lie
for Hens; Dressed Turkeys, 12 1 / g@l-lc; Geese,
$>. pair, $1 r.Oicil 75: Ducks, $5 60(57: Hens, $-1©
5: Roosters, young. $4 oO&fi f'O: do, old, $4@4 SU:
Fryers, $4 .''o; Broilers, $4@i 6U for large and
(3 60 for small; Pigeons, $1 50(32 dozen lor
young and .*1 tor old. .
GAM K— The legal season for selling ends on the
15th. The market was easy yesterday. Quail,
91@1 121/2 > do7.cn; Mallard. $S(g>3 50 %>. doz:Can
vasback, $3(g6: Sprig. $1 50@l 75: Teal, $1(3)1 60:
Widgeon, $126: Small Duck, 76e(g,$l; Hare, 7bC
$1; Kabblts, $1 25^1 50 for Cottontails and $1
for small: Gray Geese, $2@2 25; White Geese,
$1; Brant, $1 25; Honkers, $3@3 60; English
snipe, $2; Jack Snipe. $1.
BUTTER, CHEESE AND EGGS.
BUTTER— Stocks continue light and the market
is firm.
Cbeameky— Fancy, 27<i|28c: seconds, 25@26c
¥ a.. • •■' .•,-.- \''A
Dairy— Fancy, 25@26c: good to choice, 22Vi@
24c : lower grades, 18@22c.
CHEESE— Firm. Stocks are small. Fancy mild
new. ll@lli/ a c & tb; special marks higher still;
common to good, B@loc j* !t>: Cr»-ani ' Cheddar. 11l
(4il2c; Yoiuie America, 11 a 12c; Western, ll@12c;
Eastern, V2&I3C V> lb.
KCjGa— Prices weakened oit again and business
was slow. Fancy Eastern, 24(£'J5c; cood to choice
Kastern. 22@23c; seconds. 20(g}'21c; store Eggs, 20
@°J4c; ranch Eggs, 25.Vi.2Si:>. doz.
DRIED FRUITS, KAib.NS, NUTS, ETC.
DRIED FKUITS— Trade Is very dull, but deal
ers expect a cbaDge almost any day n6\v, especially
in Raisins. The following prices rule on the Fruit
Exchange:
Carload Apples, 2y 2 @3c "$ Ih for quar
tered, 395% ct* lb for sliced and 4Vi@sc v Ib
for evaporated; Peaches, 4@ss fl 11. and 6Vi@
6c %i & for fancy; peeled in boxes.- 12@13c '#
B>; Prunes, 4c for the four sizes, 6@6% "$ Ib
for 40ia.50's and 5c %* Ib for 50@60's: Apricots, 71 2
@9c for prime to choice and 10(g»llc >». lb for fancy
Moorpark; Figs, black, B@3%c V lb for pressed
and 2@2%c for unpressed; White Fics, 3%@4c
lb for pressed In sacks and 5(6,6c in boxes; P^ars,
7c "fr lb for evaporated halves, 4ro6y c^»tb for
quarters; Plums, 4@4V2C ft lb for pitted and 1 1 .<v
2V«|C forunpitt«d; Nectarines, 6@tic %> lb for prime
10 choice and S^c for fancy.
JOBBING PricEi— Apples, 4@4y.c; Peaches. 3®
4c and 5c for tmity; peeled, in" boxes, 10@12^c;
Prunes, 4c for the four sizes, 6@6^o for $o@so'g
and 5c for 50@6O's; Apricots, 6@9 »c for prime to
choice and lc@llc for fancy Moorpark; Figs,
black, l%@2Vic; White Figs, 3® 6c; Pears, «Vac
for evaporated halves and 3@sV'->c for quarters;
Plums. 3 Vie tor pitted and l(a»li/2C tor unpltted;
Nfectarln 4@sc f. Ib for prime to choice.
RAISINS AND DiUED GRAPES-Prices are
as follows, carload lot-", f. o. b. Ban Francisco:
London layers, 85@90cf>box; four-crown, loose,
• < 3 /4 C 't* Ib; three-crown, loose, -'-■: two-crown,
V^i2i4c: seedless Sultanas, S34fl Ie; sPt-alossMus
catels, 2Vj:@-J3ac; clusters, $1~35@1 60; Dehesa
clusters, fi! lO#3 25; ' Imperial clusters, ?2 60
@2 75; Dried Grapes, 2V a c %i tb.
JOBBIKO Pricks — Four-crown loose, 3c: 3
crown, 'IVifOfi^c; 2-crown, 1%(g2c.; Seedless Sul
tanns, 33"4(a>-lc; Seedless Muscatels, 2V 2 c; 3-crown
London layers, 85c/Sisl; clusters, «1- 40@l 5-0;
Dehesti clusters, $2 25; Imperial clusters, $2 76:
Dried Grapes, 2' ■•<■■
NUTS— Chestnuts, 6ABc ? Ib; U'alnuts. 7<aßc
'f Hi for No. 1 hard and ii<q,9Yi for sot! shell, job
bine lots; Almonds, tJ@7Vb c lor Lan^uedoc und
8y 2 @loc for paper-shell, Jobbing: Peanuts, 3y 2 @
4c f-s lii for California: Hickory nuts, 6@tic;
Pecans, 6c for rough and 8c for polished; Filberts,
BO8c; Brazil .Nuts, 7V«@Bc W lb; Cocoanuts.
f 4 0 i.r> a ICO.
HON EY— Comb Is quotable at 10®12c "& Ib for
bright and B(a,9c %* Ib lor lower (Trades; water
white extracted, 5@5y 2 c p 11,; light amber >■;.
tracted, 4 Vi@4%c; dark umber, 4c; dark, 2fe3c.
BEESWAX-24@u7c 9) lb.
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
ORCHARD FBUrrS— continue dull, but
prices are no lower. Persimmons, 40@75c ~p
box; " Apples, 75c@?l for good to cnolce, 50@G5c
for common 10 fair arm 51 25 for fancy.
CITRUS FRUITS— continue slow and
the feeling Is wens. California oranges are quot
able at fl 25@1 75 %T box for Seedlings and
$1 60@2 60 for Navels; Japanese Mandarins,
fl@l i! 51* box; Lemons, $1(^1.60 for common
and $2(32 50 for good to choice; Mexican Limes,
ffVo.6 50; Bananas, ?I@2 '?, bunch; Pineapples, *2
@5 ft dozen.
PROVISIONS.
CURED MEATS— Trade Is slow in all descrip
tions. Bacon is quotable at 6c t,\ lb for heavy,
7c fi lb for light medium, 9c. ij* lb for light, 10c
for extra light and 12c for sugar-cured; Eastern
Sugar-cured Hams, liy 2 c ii Ib; California Hams, •
10c; Mess Ueef, $7 TH bbl; extra mess do, $8: fam
ily do, $9@9 50; extra prime Pork, $8 "# bbl; ex
tra clear. #14 bbl; mess. $13 $ bbl; Smoked
Beef, 9y 2 @lOo 3 Ib.
LARD— Eastern, tiprces, is quotable at 6c "$
Ib for compound and 7y2C for pure; pails, 8c; Cali
fornia tierces, 6y a « tor compound and 6c for pure;
half-bbls, 6Vic; 10- tins, 7c; do 51b, 7&.7V4C "ft Ib.
COTTOLENE— 7c in tierces and 7%c %* U> in 10
--1b tins. ■V'i:.y
HIDES, TALLOW, WOOL AN» HOPS.
HIDES AND SKINS— salted steers,
7c ¥* Ib; culls and brands, 6c; medium, 6c; culls and
brands. sc: light. sc; culls and brands. 4c: Cow
hides, :>Cfr> >/%(:; culls and brands, 4@-ty c; salted
Kip, 6c f, lb; salted Calf, 8c $ Ib: salted Veal.
6c: dry Hides, iO@llc '^ lb; culls and brands. 7@
7y c; dry Kip and Veal, 9c: culls, 8y 3 c: dry Calf,
15c: culls, 10c; Goatskins, 20@»5c each: Kids, Tic;
Deerskins, good summer, 2.Va«3oc: medium. 15@
25c: winter, 10@15c; Sheepskins, shearlings, 10(«>
80c each; short wool, 30(g»40c each; medium, 40
@sOoeach: long wool, 60(570c each. Culls of all
kinds, about y»c less.
TALLOW— No. 1, rendered, 3»4@4c; No. 2, 3@
31/40; refined, 5-^c; Grease, 2y 2 c.# lb.
WOOL— We quote Fall as follows: Humboldt and
Mendocino, 7<&9c; San Joaquin and Southern, 3fgi
6c: free Mountain, 6@7c; defective do, 4@6c ft lb.
HOPS— Nominal, at 4@6c r^ a,.
SAN FRANCISCO SIEAT MARKET.
Wholesale rates for dressed stock from slaugh
terers are as follows: !
BEEF— First quality. 5y 2 @6c; second quality,
4y 2 @sc; third do. 3y 3 @40 %* lb.
VEAL— Large, s@bc; small, 6@7c lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. 6WI6V2C: Ewes, 6c "p. Ib.
LAMB- Spring Lamb, 12M>c; yearlings, 7c %« lb.
PORK— Live Hogs, 3s/ B @3%c for large and 31/4
@3 3 for small: dressed do, 4y a @6 1 j c %* lb.
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags, June-July delivery,
$4 10@4 16: Wool Bags, 24®26c. ,
COAL— Wellington is quotable at $8 ?( ton;
New Wellington, $8 lj» ton: Southfield Wellington
97 60: Seattle, i?.*x*s 50: P>ryant, $5 50; Coos Bay
$5: WaUseud. 86 50: Scotch, 60; P.rvmbb
»7 50: Cumberland, $13 60 in bulk and 615 in sks:
Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $13; Welsh An
thracite Egg, ; Cannel.Bß; hock Springs, Castle
Gate and Pleasant Valley, $7 60; Coke, $10 50 in
bulk and $12 50 %i ton In sacks.
CANNED SALMON - The Alaska Packers'
Association quotes Red Salmon as follows: in lots
of 25,000 cases. 95c; 60,000 cases, 92-^c; 76,000
cases, 90c V dozen, net cash f. o. b. ex-ship. '
SUGAR— Western Sugar Retlnery Company
quotes terms, net cash: Cube, Crushed, Powdered
,■•■--
and Fine Crushed, all s!yse; Dry Granulated, sc:
Confectioners' A, 8 c; Magnolia A, 43/ 8 Extra
C, 414 c; Golden C, 4i/ 8 c; half-barrels, ' 14c more
than barrels, and boxes V3C more.
SYKUP— Golden, in bbls. 15c: Black Strap, 10c
V gal.
RECEIPTS OF INTERIOR PRODUCE.
FOB 24 HOURS.
Flonr.ar. sks D.-202 Straw, tons.... 8
Oregon 9,037 Hides, no ■ 227
Wheat, ctls 58.491 Pelts, 0d15. ... 75
Barley, ct15...... 19,210 Wine, gal*. 33 000
Outs, ctls PC6 Brandy, (tals 4,200
Oregon.'.'... oliO Nutter, ctls "71
Potatoes. gk5...... 2,4oß Cheese, ctls 46
Oregon ....... 3.27sjEggs, doz 2,910
Onion*, ska 165 Lumber. M feel... 20
0reg0n.......:... 631 Leather, rolls 152
Brxn, «it s  1,090 Paper, reams 780
Oregon... 6,BBo Chicory, übls 48
Middling, sks. 5 Quicksilver, Uasici 94
Bean», sks. 115 Borax, ct15......... 266
Hay. tons. 607 ;
HOTEL AEEIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL. 
S G Kcklon, Cal W Baker. BakersQeld
C F Ecklon, Cal E Lord, Hanford
W Buckman, Truckee F Martin, Sebastopol
H Martin, San Lorenzo C Lilly iw, Seattle
FTacgart, Palo Al.o T Hooker & w, Napa
H Bsssford, Vacaville H Bobb, Boston
B Boniuifton, ban Jose M Agley &w, Vacaville
Dr Blodgett. Tulare E J Randall, Concord
J Franklin, Tulare B Harden, Portland
F Campbell, Oakland J Wadsworth, Snta Rosa
Misses Campbell, Ouklnd H B Nichols, Selby
J M Mason, Boston J Buckingham, Ukinh
Miss Mason, Mass G Chandler, Santa Cruz.
Miss R Morlen, Fresno O I Moden. Fresno
J P Lucas, Los Anireles P Sweed, Petaluma
J T Ross, Los ADgeles M Prince, Santa Rosa
Mrs Hayes,' Callstoga B Prince, Santa Kosa
v Hun/lker, W Walla G TMciXear&w.Petaluma
I) E Dun bar, Portland Miss X Denmau, Petalm
C 8 Wynn, New York W D Hobart, Cal
Miss Fisher, Prescott J Clerlnsblre it w, Cal
Miss A jHtsber, Prescott A It Baxter, Boston
L C Byce .v f, Petalnma Mrs H Smith, Martinez
E B McNear * «■, Cal W II Post, Stockton
Mrs W Sehaw.'Sacio It B Catton, Sacramento
J C Nourse, Fresno .1 L Caumb & w, Pel
F G Hart, Fresno F M Atwater & w. Pet
M J Loupe, Boston J Browne, Petaluma
• LICK HOUSE.
J Fesly, Red Bluff « Fftncher, Stockton
li R Holmes, Portland C E Grant, Columbia
W Schwartzkopf. Oakld A H Davis ft w. Oakland
it W Parks, Marysville HO Stillwell, Novato
Miss Littlehale, siocktn Miss P. Llttlehale, Stcktn
A W Jones Jr. Monterey CJ Clark, Kan
11 II Hatch, SactO M Driver & w, San Jose
P J Littlehale, Stockton W Power & w, Stockton
Gll Fancher, Merced R Barcar, Vacaville
Mrs J N Hall, 9ta Rosa Sara C Hall, Santa Rosa
Miss Russell, Tacouia Mrs C Russell. Taconia
M F Jackson. Pa PC Simmons, Del Monte
E Pi:llpoi.t\v.T.osArisrels A Saywnrd & w, Uanford
G Crossing. Bakersiield X B Loc^iDsj &w. Boston
A B Crimin A w, NY J L Meyer, Seattle
C Wheeler vt w, Seattle A P Somers, OzJon
w Buckingham Aw.Utahli T Purser, Susanville
r C Greene, Los Angeles W P Morrell, Tehama
W G Kice. San Migusl B P Markley. N V
N I' Newton, Sacto P Mannon, Birds Landing
<• \\ Rife, San Mltruel R Plgott, Boston
.: p Johnson. Stockton J D Shaw &w. N V
Miss Shaw. NY ■ WBlakley, Bos 00
Miss Blakley, Boston J X Boyle, Alameda
BALDWIN HOTEL.
lilts Hoed, Stanford >- i: Ryan, CSX
DJ' Murphy, San Joso <: 15 Morris, San Jose
i it Bell, San Jose VV Ames & wf, Vallcjo
8 F Johnson, Wai Creak W Q Downing <fe wf, Col
F L Dow. Chirm C 1* Jarman, Sun Jose
T T Smith .Ir, San Jose M R Stein &w, Stockton
C a Seat" & wf, Sta Clara I' W Korters, San Joso
W F Money, NY J Babler, Astoria . ,
s Nerhaag," Baker City I Jacobs, East Oakland
Miss Gwlnes, f asiidena J Oswald, Portland
R 8 Boardman, Los vug It Bruhn, AVis
OeoG Filley, N v A Sredurn, Ix V
E C ■ Olngwell, Sn Rafel H E Hunt. Pacific Ofiico
Jl' Burns. Boston M Calkins, San Joso .
A W bhubert, Palo Alto Dr Rulison, Reno :.
PALACE HOTEL.
CW Tozer, Stanford II li Pitoaer, Livermore
W B v allace, B< ston C Aull & w, Folsom
t; H Goendle, 0 8 N Mis I A pwyer, Chicago
I' W Campbell. Chicago A H Uoyd, Chicago
W W Thomas, U B N T 1: Merrill, Montana
J B Laakersbim & w,LA Mrs J a Parker, Tacoma
<; \V Harding, sn Diego C W Aiken, Cambridge
J L Chambers, til Lonis EO Beach, Chicago
W .\ Close, New Jersey Mrs EH Woodward.N V
Mrs M E Gleason, S V Mrs M E Loud, N V
!! A V 11- Kew York S N I'.ucktr, San Jose
J s Washourn, Wawtma W B Junes, Peking
X Eauftman,nt Louis Col J Watson, Portland
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
M H Bernstein, lil Jos Baohle, N V
Mrs' > i!. !.. !'. s-.,i, M A Gilbert, Winnemnca
li Higgins, Sa tikke Jl' Jack.ion. Antioch
i> 1. schmidt, Vailejo R Higgins, Sacramento
W D MesarnyA \v. Port a A Simmons, Portland
C Daly. Portland LE Bodgers, Astoria
1) .i i:. ihton <S w, Wis Wll Gregory, Wash
W W Hal, Portland Mrs (iriilith A d.Torlland
EEAL ESTATE TEANSAOTIONS.
Gustav Friederlch to Abraham Aronson. lot on N ,
line of Sacramento street, 125 E of Van Ness ave
nue, i: 28:4 by N 127:814; HO.
John S. Capron to Madge Manion, Hattie Kearny ;
ami Mamie G. > apron, lot on W lino of Devisadero ;
street, 67:6 8 of O'Farrell. 8 28:6 by W 103; lot on
SW corner of gravel pit and Precita avenue. s\v
80 by SE 300; lots 239, 240 and 241. Precita Val- !
ley lands: also property in Santa Clara County;
110.
E. C. and Almeno F. Beavey to Henry P. Rother- '
me!, lot on W line of Devissdsro street, 90:6 S of ,
O'Farrell, 28:« by W 103; ¥10.
Margaret T. Douglass to Margaret L. Douglass,
lot on \V line of Kroderick street, 75 S of Pine, b i
25 by \V 100; gift.
D'Arcy M.. and Kate E. Cashfn to John C. Spen- '
cer, lot on N line McAllister street, 206:6 \V of
Parker avenue. W 26, N 93 ;6, NE 25, 8 94:4; $10.
Margaret McCormioic to Charles It. Hagquist, lot
on E line of Jessie street, 198 N of Fourteenth, >.'
25 by k. 70; flO.
Margaret S. Kelley to Michael Hemsworth, lot |
on \V line of Mission street, 60 Sof Nineteenth, 8 \
30 by W 90; *6.
Alired Olson to Mary K. Pyne, lot on N line of
Twenty-second street, 25 W of Hampshire, W 98
by N 97:6; $10.
Mary Russell to Mary A. Russell, lot on B line of
Twenty-ninth street, 105 E of Church, E 25 by 8
114; gift.
Same to George D. Russell, lot on S line of
Twenty-ninth street, 80 E of Church, E 25 by S
114; gift.
I hoi las 11. Hobson (commissioner) to Lucius L. !
Solomons, lot on S line of Sacramento street, 92:6
Eol Leiivenwoilh, E 22:6 by 8 87:6; $667.
Ernest and Maria Hahn to Harriet E. Turnbull,
101 on SE line of Clara street, 350 SI: of Fifth, :SK
25 by 80; 75; $10.
Peter A. and Christina M. Smith to Lars P. ar.d
Augusta A. Johnson, John and Josephine M.
Mattson, lot on W line of -Mississippi street, 75 8
Of Butte. 8 25 by W 95: $10.
John C. and Annie M Spencer to William F.
Cheney, lot on N line of Lake street, 60 \V of !
Ninth avenue, W 30 by N 72; $10.
Harrison A. and Clara W.Jones to Richard [
O'Connor, lot on W line of Thirty-eighth avenue, !
100 n of N street. N 300, W 120. N 100, W 120,
400, E240; 10.
Jacob ami Lena Brownstone to Emannel Lewis,
lot on N corner of Kdinburg and India streets, NW
100 by 150, a portion of block 33, Excelsior
Homestead; 10.
J. G. F. <irosse to M. and Mary O'Doherty, lot
13, block 47, Sunnyslde; also personal property;
?10.
Emma E. Skagg? to J. 11. Care, lot on S line of
Fifteenth avenue, 150 w of X street, \v 75 by s
100, lot 3, block 309, South Sun Francisco Home
stead and Railroad Association; $500.
ALAUKDA COUNTY.
H. C. Campbell and T. B. Kent (trustees for
James D. Smith, Nellie and James Sutherland) to
the San Francisco Savings Union, lot, on W line of
Oakland avenue, at NE corner of lot 52, thence
NMJ 1869.75. SE 726, B\V 300.30 to E line of
county road, Plensanton to Dublin, thence 8E
1123.32, &B 637.43, NX 1890.50. NW 2528.52 to
beginning, being lot; 62 less 2.60 acres off the 8
side thereof, map of Oakland Land and Improve
ment Comnany, subdivision of >anta Rita Rancho,
Pleasanton, Murray Township; $6230.
San Francisco Savings Union to H. P. Chad
bourne, same, Murray Township; $10. .
Margaret Carroll (by commissioner) to Joseph
Lancaster, lot on N line of Thiny-nlnth street, 160
X of Grove, E SO by N 100, portion lot 15. Mont
gomery Tract No. 1, Oakland Township; $954.
Joseph and Elizabeth Lancaster to \V. J. Oakes,
same: $1000.
Jeremiah and Harriet O. Tyrell to W. E. Proctor,
lot on N line of Thirty-ninth street, 335:6 W of
Telegraph avenue, W 42:6 by N 100, portion of
block 2080, map of estate of John Evoy in plat 36,
Oakland Township; $10.
W. A. Knowies et al. (by Commissioner) to
Lester W. Forstins, undivided half of 3% acres,
beginning at NW corner of lands of Mrs. Rich,
thence NW 2.98 chains, NX 11.83 chains. Sfci
2.98 chains, SW 11.65 chains to beginning, portion
of V. Peralta Reservation, Oakland Township;
$3519.
Mountain View Cemetery Association to Rosina
Williams, lot, 229 in plat 14, said cemetery, Oak
land Township; $177.
E. H. aud calista H. Congdon to Anna If. E.
Hale, lot on VV line of Grant street, 125 N of Vir
ginia, N 25 by, \V 125, portion of lots 3, 4 and 17,
block D, Edith Tract, Berkeley; $10.
J. A. Patton to J. K. Stewart, ot. on NW corner
of Delawure and California streets, H 135 by W
100. portion of lot 1. block 4, Teachers' State
University Homestead Association, quitclaim
deed, Berkeley *1.
Builder's Contract.
Patrick and Nora Hegarty with John Qulnn, to
erect a one-story frame building ou the SW corner
of Twenty-second and Hampshire streets; $1040.
THE CALL CALENDAR.
Januaky, 1896.
I Tu.
\V.
Moon's Phases.
(/"*< Last Quarl
'^ January
10
17
,<i.*i New Moon.
w January si
18 -■ '
'"Vil'irst Quarter
~~~\\dJ Jiumarv 2".
<^First Qua
V!/ January
33 ;
I 29
23
I
■^y January w..
26 — : 1
. !/», Full Moon.
~~~, >*/ January SO.
UVDItOiiUAFHIO BUJL.LETIN.
Branch Hy»BOQRAPHTc Office., V. S. N. "|
Mkrchants' Exchange. t V
Sast Francisco, January 11. 1898. )
The time ball on Telegraph Hill was dropped
exactly at noon to-day— i. c., at noon of the 120 th
meridian, or exactly at 8 r-. m., Greenwich time.
■ • . -■'•- ■■ •■• ' " A. F. Fechtjclkr, v -
Lieutenant V. S. N., in charge. -
ocean stkamjbbs.
Dates of l>eparture from San Francisco.
STKAMKR. | DBSXTXATIOH |
SA I LS.
| PI KB.
Arcata I
ABlancliaru ■
Kurefca..... I
H0mer..,,,, j
laraJlon....I araJlon. . .. I
Pomona i
£tateor Cai !
Ranta. Rosa.. |
Umauila ... |
*: Paul i
Pern... .... I
C0r0na...... i
Columbia... I
Anuc0. ...... I
City Sydney
Del None .. |
CltyPuebla..
Point Lama.
! Coos Bay :
■ Portland.
SewDort
! Coos 8ay...;.. !
| 1 nauina Hay., i
i Hum bold eßay ,
! t'ortinnn j
| San Dieeo :
! Vie & Pet cud :
j Newoort !
! China & Japan
I San Diego i
iPurllana I
; Coos hay
Panama
Urays Haroor.
Vie & I'm nd ]
Grayß Harbor. !
Jan 12,10 am Pier 13
Jan 12. 9am Pier li»
Janl2. Uah Pier 11
Jan 13. spm. Oceanic
I Jan 13. Bi»m ' Pler'J
! Jan 14. 2pm Pier 9
iJan ! 4.10 am Pier 24
.lan 14.11 am Pier 11
Jan 15, 9am Pier &
•Jan 18. 9am Pier 11
; Jan 18, Spm 1 PM.
Jan 18.11 am Pier 11
Jan lO.IUam : Pier 24
Jan 19.10 am Pier IS
Jan -20,12 m P M S
Jan 20. Fifth St
Jan 2o. 9am I Pier fl
Jan 20.12 M i Pier 2
.lan 20.10 am Oceanic
A iistralia,.. . ;
, Honolulu :
STKAMEKS TO AEKIVE.
Stkamek I From I Dm
Santa Hosa.. : Man JJleeo Jan 12
City of Panama Panama Jan 12
Faralion (YaauinaUay Jan 12
Wellington , Departure 8ay.......... ..Jan 13 j
Oeo W Elder.... Portland Jan 18
Australia. iilonoluln Jan 18
Pomona. I Humboidi Bay Jan 13
StPaui j Newport. ......„..': Jan, 14
City of Everett 1 Panama Jan 14
North Forte ! Hurnboldt Bay Jan 15
Mackinaw fomox ! ..Jan IB
Willamette Vat. : Mexico ..Jan 15
Sanßenito ; I'acoma .-. Jan 16
City of Sydney. Panama Jan 16
C010mbia........ Portland.... Jan IB
Empire... Portland .... ■ ..Jau 16
Mexico L San Diego Jan 16
City of PueDla.. I Victoria & jeue« yound I ..Jan 16
MariDOsa Sydney I Jan 16
Willamette Departure Bay Jan 16
Point ijoma linn Harbor... ...7an 17
Eureka. ; Newport ..Jan 38
Ara«ro ...... Coos B»y lan IK
San Bias | Panama. i Jan 18
Del None Urays Harbor Jan 18
Crescent City. ■ Crescent. City™ Jan 20
f-t :?of Caj t Portland ...Jan 21
SUN AND TIDE TABLE.
a
3infti:.'LarKe.
L1.55P. 9.OriAJ
0.00 a 9.63 a'
jinall.iLarge.
3.00*: 4.:-i(sp
4.(K)\ 5.20P
Sots
.s'.
7.25 5.1
7.23 S.I
5.50 a
6.4 Ha
BilAl**Pl.NU iM'KLLiGJiSUJi.
Arrived. '
SATURDAY. January 11. '
Stmr State of California, Ackley, 54 hours from
Portland, via Astoria 43 hours; pass and mdse, to
GoodaH, Perkins & Co.
Stmr Homer, Drlsko, 44 hours from Coos Bay;
pass and mdso, to J D Sprockets & Bros Co.
Stmr Rival. Johnson, 16 hours from Fort
Bragg; lumber, to Samuel Blair.
Stnir Albion. Luudouist, 20 hours from Fort
Bras.ii; 140 M ft lumber, to Union Lumber Co;
2268 r r ties, to to J S Kirn ball.
Stmr A rent ft. Cousins, 50 hours from Coos Bay;
Bass and indue, to O C & N Co.
Nic stmr Costa Klca, Mclntyre, 96 hours from
Departure Bay; 2500 tons coal, to 11 Dunsmuir
<fc Sons.
StlUI Mlneola, Pillsbury, 106 hours from Fort
Townsend; 3400 tons coal, to 8 P Co. Oakland
direct.
Stmr Umatilla. Hunter. 65 hours from Victoria
and Puget Sound; pass and mdse, to Uoodall, Per
kins & Co.
Stmr Peru, Frlele, 25 days from Hongkong, via
Yokohama 15V-J days; pass and mdse to P M. S js
Co.
Br ship Inchcape Rock, Wilson. 116 days from
London; 13,040 casks cement, to J D Spre'ckels &
Bros Co. .
Schr Bessie K. Anderson, 27 hours from Albion:
lumber, to J S Kimba!l.
-eared.
SATURDAY. January 11.
Stmr Alice Blanchard, Dunham, Portland ; NP S
S Co.
stmr Eureka, Jepsen, San Pedro: Goodall, Per
kins &. Co. v ;->:»«,
Ship Susqnehanna, Sewall, Avonmouth: Balfour.
Gutbrie & Co.
Ship L<jvi G Burgess, Youngsren, Nanalmo* It
Dunsmnir A. Sons.
schr Rattler, Nielsen, sealing voyage. Japan
coast, Bering Sea, via Attou Island or Unalaska-
Fred Nielsen.
Bailed.
SATURDAY. January 11.
U S stmr Philadelphia, Cotton, Santa Barbara
Br stmr Afridi, Goldlng, Yokohama aud Hong
kong.
stmr Cleone, Miller.
Stmr South Coast, Hansen, Portland and way
ports. •-■■'•%■ '
StmrSnnol, Walvig, Portland.
Stnir Point Arena, Johnson, Mendoclno.
Br hark loveramsay, Crombie, Queenstown.
Schr Christina felt-Kens, Nordiing.
i-i -= Telegraphic.
POINT LOBOS-Jenuary 11—10 fm— Weather
cloudy; wind calm.
Charter-*.
The schr Aloha loads mdse for Honolulu* schr
Jennie Wand, mdse for Kubu'ui; bark llnfus E
wood ana ship El.vcll, coal at Nanaimo for this
port.
Portland wheat charters for Europe are* Rus
■ ship F'-nnia. 30s; llr ship Cambrian King, 363 3d—
, Is 3d less direct— prior to arrival; Br bark Cadzow
I Forest, 35a net— prior to arrival.
The Iral ship Cavaliere Clampa is chartered for
wheat to Sydney, 19s.
■ .. Spoken.
Per Br shin Inchcape Rock— Xov 27— La» 55 34
S, long 80 19 W, Br ship Machribanisti, hence Oct
2, forLeith.
Oct 19— l.at 13 06 X, lone 26 33 W, Br «hip
t Craisend. from Newcastle, Knjr. for San Francisco.
! Domestic Port*.
PORT BLAKKLEY-Arrlved Jan 11-Schr John
! A Campbell, from Newport.
.-ailed Jan 11— ship Old Kensington, for Ade
| laide.
CLALLAM BAY— Sailed Jan 11— Rktn Mary
Wlnkelman. from Port Gamble, for Sydney.
■ In bay Jan 11— Schr Queen, from San Pedro
VENTURA— Sailed Jan 11-Schr Emma Clau
dina.
YAQUINA RAY— Sailed Jan 11-Stmr Farallon
for San Francisco. •■.,,>.- . - ... .'
BOWENS LANDlNG— Arrived Jan 11-Schr
Monterey, hence Jan 0.
IfUENEMK— SaiIed Jan 11-Stmr Scotia for
San Frani'iaco.
ASTORlA— Arrived Jan 10— Schr Neptune, hnc
i Dec 3: bktn Chehalis. hence Dec 29; Jan srnir
Columbia, hence Jan 9; Ger ship Flottbek, from
water Bay.
Balled Jan 11— Stmr Signal, for Putret Sound* Br
i ships Andreta, Kiverside, Br barks Samarkand and
j Penryn Castle, for CJfueenstovvn.
! EI'RICKA— Jan 11— Stmr Pomona, hnc
Dec 10. '
Sailed Jan 11— Stmr National City, for San Fran-
I Cisco; sour Edward Parke.
ALBlON— Sailed Jan 11— Stmr Newsboy for
Santa. Barbara.
SEATTLE— sailed Jan 11— Schr <?eo \T Watson
for Newport; ship Occidental; for San Francisco. : '
Arrived Jan — Schr Sailor Boy, hence Dec ''6
j GRAYS HARBOR— Jan 10— >-chr Chas
; R Wilson, hence Jan 3: schi- Fanny Adele, hence
Jan 4; schr Annie Gee, from Redondo.
Sailed Jan 11— Schr Pioneer, bktn Gardiner City
1 for San Francisco.
POINT AHENA-Sailed Jan 11-Stmr Alcazar
for Port Los Angeles.
COOS BAY— Arrived Jan 11— Schr Seven Sisters
from Redoudo. '
POUT HADLOCK— SaiIed Jan 11-Schr Azalea
SAN PEDRO— Sailed Jan 11-Stmr Pasadena"
for Eureka. A- * -.
Arrived Jan 11— Stmr Tillamook.
TACOMA— Sailed Jan 11— Schr j M Colman, for
San Francisco.
SAN DlEGO— Arrived Jan 11— Stmr Excelstor
from San Pedro. *
SOUTH BEND— Sailed Jan 11— Bark Aureola
for San Francisco.
CASPAR— SaiIed Jan 11-Stmr Caspar,
FORT BUAGG-Sailed Jan 11— Stmr Noyo, for
Han Francisco.
Forelsm Portn.
FALMOUTH— Arrived Jan 10— Brshlp Pytho
mene, hence Sept 4.
LKITH — Arrived Jan 9— Br bark Errol, hence
Aug 19, and reported heavy weather on Dec 23 In
which decks were strained and boats damaged
NANAIMO-Sailed Jan 11— Bark Gen Falrchlld
for San Francisco.
DEPARTURE BAY-Arrived Jan 11— Ship Ori
ental, hence Dec 21.
I Movement* of Tram- Atlantic Stnam*rs.
NEW YORK— Arrived Jan 11— Stmrs Nender
j land, from Antwerp and Southampton; simr
I Norge, from Copenhagen.
Hailed Jan 11— Strar Maasdam, for Rotterdam
simr La Gascostne, for Havre; stmr Phoenicia,- for
Stettin; stmr Bonn, for Bremen; stmr Etrurla, for
Liverpool: stmr Ethiopia, for Glasgow; stmr Mo
bile, for London.
HAVRE- Sailed Jan 11— Stmr La Bretagne. for
New York.
SOUTH AMPTON-Suiled Jan 11-Stmr St Louis
foa New York.
ROTTERDAM— SaiIed Jan 11-Stmr Veendam,
i for New York. ;
| GLASGOW— SaiIed Jan 10-Stmr Carthagonia,
for New York.
Importations.
PORT ORFORD— PerArcata— l pkg castings, 1
bx mdse, 2 pkics express.
Coos Bay— Bl bxs apples, 231 sks potatoes, B Vi
bbls salmon,.. 7 cs cheese,. 1 bx mdse, 2 pkgs tim
ber, 3 pkga express. 450 tons coal.
ASTORIA— Per Slate of California— lsk com, 7
Pkks express, 20 ca salmon. 64 ska oysters.
Portland— l4l2 qrsks 400 hf-sks 227 gunnies
flour. 6880 sks bran, 2984 ska potatoes, 491 sks
onions, 155 sks bark, 930 Mft lumber, 97 Dkgs
crackers. 2438 pkgs paper. 27 cb cheese, 25 bags
onion sets.
COOS BAY— Per Homer— 1 pkjf machinery, 5
bbls whisky. 2 pktrs mdse, 1 sk furs. 1 kez 10 bxs
! butter, 245 bxa apples, 168 sks potatoes, 400 tons
; coal. v
PORT TOWNSEND— Per Umatllla-lc3 salmon,
: 7 pkgH mdse. -
Victoria— sl2 bdls hides, 4 sks woo], 1 cs mdse,
' 16 sks gluestock.
i Seattle— l bx halibut, 88 cs salmon. l leather,
1 bbl baking powder, 1 bx silverware, 1 lot furni
, ture, 296 bdls hides, 790 tons coal, 10 tierces lard,
! 1 cs dry goods,' 1 roll belting, 3 bxs insulators, 2
: bbls salmon bellies, 1 cs fruit. Ics shoes.' <-■ ■
East via C P Ry— 69 ca cigarettes, 61 cs tobacco,
S 12 cs caps, 9 cs cigars, 1 cs machinery, 220 cs hats,
34 ukKS mdse, 1 cs axles, 12 cs hardware, 450 cs
whisky, 116 brils hides.
Everett— B4o bdls box parts, 10 bx-car strip*, 3 0
- sks cleatK, 1 pkg njdsc, 1200 bars bullion, 245 rolls
103 bdls paper.
Whatcom— l keg glucose, 8 pkgs mdse, 5 cans
starch. . ■-■■■.
Anacortes— 6o46 sks oats, 1 cs shoes.
Tacoma west of Fargo— 273B hf-sks 500 qr-skn
flour, 350 ska barley, 307 sks oats, 120 sks flax, 10
sks shorts, 317 sks wheat, 2 bxd pianos, 1 bx ci
gars, 17 pkps mdse. - -■ ■ : ■ .
> Tacoma— s7 Bks boaes, pkga batter,: Ics C
goods, 11 cs lubricators, .400 bars bullion, 15 pkgs
mdse.
HONGKONG—Per Peru—l62l pksrs matting, 33
pkgs silk goods, 10 parcels J)66 i>Ul's coffee. 682
pkgs orariL'es. 136 pkgs curios. 1380 Off, 4
pkgs raw silk, 998 pkgs tea, 25,591 pkgs rice, 7000
i'kt* in.is.-.
- For overland—ilG p".iKs matting, 146 pkgs silk
goods, 26 parcels, 595 pkps curios, 1079 pkgs raw
silk, 722 pkp3 tea, 80 pkgs rico, 1087 pkgs mrls".
For. Central and South America—29, j^gs silk
goods, 4 pkgs tea, 75 pkKS rice, 61 pkg3 mdse.
Consignees.
Per Arcata—Tmmel <fc Co: Smith's Cash Store:
Marshall, Tpjj&art & Co; Wieland BrewinK Co; X M i
Smith; Hllmer, Bredhoft *Scbulz; OCiX'n;
Cetz Bros & Co; Wells, Fargo <fc Co; De Bernard! &
Co.
PerStateof California—Allen Lewis: Thomas
Ellison; C J Leist* Co;.Otis.. McAllister & Co; J L
Walden; Jansen, Hose Hehev; m P betels;" FG
Union; John F English: Woff &{?pn; tCDntard;
Jonas r:rlan£rfr<fc Co; Thomas Loughran; Crown i
Paper Co; M Levy & Co; Dalton Bros; Murray
it Steiuhagon; Jansen, Rose A Honey:- Pacific Fir-
Lumber Co: J P Thomas; Willamette Pulp A P Co;
White Bros: Portland CrackerCo; A s Smith; E'J
Bowen: Fogarty <& Parker: J X Armsby & Co:
V) heat on, Breon & Co; Wells, Fargo <k Co; "Parbee
& luiniel. " — -• ■•
Per Homer— D Spreckels'A Bros Co: Murray A I
Steinhagen; Hilmer.BredhoiT & sctm'.z; M P Detels-
Garcia A Magsini: Smith's Cash Store: HDutard;
lulls Bros; Standard Oil Co: St Louis Furniture
Co; (Jordan; Freestone Distilling Co: Kisdon
Iron Works: Getz Bros it Co.
Per t'Eraliila— A Haas & Co: Gnddin &Co; 11 X
iarren; Standard Oil Co: Selby SmeltiUßand Lead
Co; C J Leist & Co; Chambers, Price & Co: W Jan
sen; Allen Lewis; C Jccobson «ft Co: Ii Dutard;
G W Howard; J Kverding & Co; Smith & Blanch
ard; Win Lewis <fc Co; Armes Co; MoM:tt,
Kohn & Co: Raymon i & Williams: Stetson. Ron
ner A Co: W G Richardson; Deming-Palmer Mill
l?,,V 0: { >ort"r ' Slesslnj,'er & Co: Dairymen's Union;
Weils, t argo A Co; American Tobacco Co- Fried
lander & Co; Brown & Adams; Geo W Gibbs: C H
Meyer: Michalitschke BrOs: PBerwin&Co:J H
Friedlander; '1 nest A. Co; <i- W Tibbetts: II Wal
cieck itCo: \\ m Wolff &. Co: American Union
Pish Co; BissingerACo: C E Whitney <t Co; C M
Mann; ALi Bryan HtaoeCo: C McDonald; Davis
Haher &Co M Ehrman <t Co; J X Armsby &Co
Tillmann & ; W B Sumner & Co: General
Electric Co; Wells. Fargo & Co; Oregon Imp Co;
Meyer, Wilson & Co; Pacific Glove Works; \V B
Gladdin; (ieiz Bros A Co; ° N Foster; G Joiinson;
British Consul.
.Per Peru— C Siegfried <fc Co; Southern Pacific
'Co: X Laren Co-, Danu-1 Meyer: Hart • Hew
lett it Lee; Thannson & Co: Macondray Company
Par-ott & Co: London, Paris and American Bank-
Weimore Bros; Cox Seed and Piano Co; X Isaacs &
Sons; \V B Roune c Co; R B Bain; Hongkong and
Shanghai Bank; Bank of California: J H Cain & Co-
M J BrandPiistein & Co; J Gllmore; W S Davis- J
O Bliinchurd.
For La", Shinning Intelligence See Twr\fth Paae.
;
,
i
I
fgeii OFFICE FURNITURE
fiPfiPif AND FIXTURES.
Ms^Ssm C- F. WEBER & CO.,
tg?j^l'«<3£i tsa .^q (o 306 Post St., cor. Stockton
*^i»'iiiw<iiW»Tilif'~~^ OFFICE and 1~l
•=^^ Ll_JLjijt^j TYPEWRITER, . 33 j
\ |^^^^ "W> . C. IIAKIG, Si
<Jj^we^iS§tSj{ 157 New Montgomery !BC
Two In One. Street. S. F. ■ «3 i
OCEAN STEAMSHIPS:
PACIFIC COAST STEAMSHIP COMPACT i
CUT RATES
- TO
VICTORIA, B. C. v and
PUGET SOUND.
Finest Class &Q.OO
Second. Class... do OO
Meals and berth Included.
Ticket Office—4 Sew Montgomery Street.
GOODALL, PERKINS*«fc CO.,
_ ' . General Agents,
O. 3FL. cS3 IST.
TO
ASTORIA aIpORTLAND.
$2.50 Second Class, $5 First Class,
MEALS AND BERTHS INCLUDED.
For reservations - call at 19 Mont-
gomery street. ■
Columbia sails January 9
biate of California sails January 14
GOODALL, PERKINS A CO., Genl. Supts.
F. I. COX>OII, General Agent.
PACIFIC COAST STEAMSHIP COMPACT
STEAMERS WILL SAIL FROM Afl^
Broadway wharf, siau Francisco, as JEAiSaZ )
follows: " i
For Mary Island, Lorlni;, Wrangel, Juneau. Kil-
lisnoo and Silka (Alaska), at V a. m., Jan. 15, 30, !
Feb. 14.
For Victoria and Vancouver (B. C). Port Town- j
«end, Seattle, Tacorna, Everett, Anacortes and New j
Whaicom (Bellingbam Bay, Wash.), 9 a. m. !
Jan. 6, 10. 15, ;20, i."5. 30, and every fifth j
day thereafter, connecting at Vancouver with |
the C. ft R.R., at Taconia with K. P. R,-R.,
at Senttle with O. X. Ky., at Port Townsend with ;
Alaska steamers.
For Kureka, Arcata and Fields Landlnz (Hun-
boldt Bay) sir. Pomona, 2 P. &i., Jan. St, 6, 10, 14,
18. 22, 26, SO, and every fourth day thereafter.
For Santa Cruz, Monterey, San Simeon, Cayucos, !
Fort Ilarford (Ban Lull Obispo), Gaviota. Santa
Barbara, Ventura, Hueneme, ban Pedro, East a*a '
Pedro (Los Angeles) ana Newport, at 9 a. v.. Jan.
A. a. 12, 16, 20, 21, 28, and every fourth day
thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Harlord
(Ban Luis Ob'.npo), Santa Barbara, Port Lot
Angeles, Kedoudo (Los Angeles) and Newport. 11
A. M., Jan. 2, 6, 10. 14, 18, 22, 26. 30, and ever;
fourth day thereafter.
For F.nsrnada, Kan Jose del Cano, Mazatlan. Li
Pas. Altata and Guaymas (Mexico), str. Willam- .
ette Valley, 10 a. m.. Jith of each month.
Ticket office. Palace Hotel, 4 New Montgomery j
street.
IiOODALL, PERKINS ft CO., Gen'l Agents.
10 Market su, Saa Francisco.
OCEANIC STEAMSHIP GOMPA9T.
jfljg^PßfcL Cool^ardie gold fields
"^ i®»7 to « (Freemantle). Austra- ■
JW^UAii&bii,- Ha: $220 lirst Class,
JG&cP' _LLNni I ll^' $110 steerage. Lowest
Jfßg Jj^SSSJ*^!^" 1 * rates to Capetown, :
fc^f/ "Fa^tf \CTL Steamship Australia,
Kffl / JtFi-* \h Xte& Honolulu only, Tues-
Vxi Yy indTnKH day, January "21, at 10
vSi )\ tSejHif I MUM Australian steamer,
Honolulu and Auck-
Speciai. Parties.—Reduced special rates for
parties Feb. 6 and l.">, IHMS.
Ticket office. 114 Montgomery street.
Freight office, 327 Market street.
J. D. SFRECKELS & BROS., General Agents.
COJttPIGiIIEGEiTERALETRAISATLAXTIQCE
I'rench Line to Havre.
/COMPANY'S PIER (NEW), 42 NORTH >©*«»
\J River, foot of Morion st. Travelers by ■""■fcflr
this line avoid both transit by Knglish railway aud
tne discomfort of crossing the channel in a small
boat. New York to Alexandria, Egypt, Via Paris,
first-class $160; second class, $116.
LA BKETAUNE, Capt. Rupe
January 11
LA GASCOGNE, Capt. Baudelon
' January 18,
LA CHAMPAGNE, Capt. Polrot
January 25, ..„.
LABOURGOGNE, Capt. Leboeuf
i.:... February 1
JO* For further particulars apply to
A. FORGET, Agent,
No. 3 Bowling Green, New York.
J. F. FUGAZI & CO.. Agents, 6 Montgomery
avenue, San Francisco.
TOTE .STAR Lip.
Onlted States and Kojal Mail Steamers
-'./,-■'■■--, . BETWEEN
New York, Queen & Liverpool,
SAILING KVEIIY WISER.
CABIN, $60 AND UPWARD, ACCORD- -»-•
me to steamer and accommodations /3«3i
select*!; second cabin, $36 and R4O; Ma,.^Tci£<>
Teutonic bteernge Tickets from England, Ire-
land, Scotland. Sweden, Norway and Denmark
through to ban Francisco at lowest rates. Tickets
sailing dates and cabin plans may be procured
from W. H. A VERY, Pacific Mail Dock, or at the
Genera! Office of the Company, 613 Market street"
under Grand Hotel. g. w. FLETCHER
General Agent for Pacific Coast.
ROYAL MAIL STEAM_PACKET COMPAQ.
STEAMERS LEAVE ASPINWALL jf&tf* *
fortnightly for the West Indies and wsia&feja
Southampton, . calling en route at C9rbouri-h,
France, and Plymouth to land passengers.
Through bills of lading, in connection with the
Pacific Mail 8. S. Co., issued for freight and treas-
or* to direct ports in England and Germany.
Through tickets from San Francisco to Plymouth,
Cherbourg, Southampton. First class, |195; thirl
•Ims, f67 M. For further particulars apply to
VAKROTT & CO., Agents,
306 California it.
STOCKTON STEAMERS
Leave Pier No. S, Washington 3K.
At 5 P. M. Dally, Except Sunday.
• jjar Accommodations Reserved by Telephone.
STEAMER :
T. C. Walker. J. D. Peter.,,
Mary t»arratt, City of Stockton,
; TeleplioneJiftin 80S, c*l.n*v. aid iin pti
RAILROAD TRAVEL.'
LOW RATES BY RAIL
X 3 »O3FL1 I liilA.iKrX3, OR.
TUESDAY JANUARY 14,
And IS very Fiffli Day Thereafter.
Leave from S. P. Co.'s Ferry landing, foot
of Market st., at 8:00 P. U.
A"l r ft— Including Berth in man Tourist
OIiUU sleeper.
"''" ....ALSO.... '
First-class tickets, including berth in Q«"l PL. OO
Pullman standard Sleeper, %P- 1 -^' — •
.-- . SPECIAL NOTICE. ,
This train will not stop to deliver or take on pas-
sengers at intermediate stations, nor will tickets be
sold or baggage checked to Such points.
tar Through Tickets for I'uge't Sound
points on, Sale at TSeiluceH Kates.
For further information nnn'.v at
613 MARKET STREET (Grand HoW
Ticket Oißce), San Francisco.
RICHARD GRAY, T. H. GOODMAN,
Gen. Trailic Mgr. Gen. Pass. Agt.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC tOJIPAAT.
'" ' ....'://-:" (PAfiriC system.) , » "■-
Tinln» leave nml m-o <ln« to arrlre mi
KAN l'lt.\i\i IS«'O.
ileavb — Fcom KdvfcftEy.r. 20, 19.00. — abbiti
0:!>0a Harward3, MilO3 and Way Stations. . 10: 1 5a
7:00 a Atlcntic Kxpross. Octlen and Kast.. S:43*
7jOOa Benicia, VacaviUe. Btttta»f. Racra-
moato, and Ucddins via Davi* 7:13p
7:30 A Martinez, »S,iu Eamon, Kapa, Calis-
tosa and Santa K:-;-4. :. 6:15p
11:110 a Kiles, Kan Jose, Stockton, lose.
Sacramento. MarysTille, Ite.-I lMuff
and Sundays oxcepted 0r0yi110. ... 4tlHr
•H: SO Peters and Wi1t0n....-.' :..-.. *7:15p
»:OOa San Leaniro, Hayrcard3 & Way St'ns 11:43 a
9:OOa Los Anßclcs axpnm, Raymond,
(for Yoscuiti), Santa liarbara
and Los An-cl. 4:4!%T
9:0« a Martinez ar^l Stockton 1O:4.1*
lt;:«o.v Saa Leacdrc, Eavwuds and Niks . l:-33p
ll!:OOi{ Saa Leandro, liayvards * Way StLS ":l"e
a:«»p NUc», San Jose and LlTeimoro 8:-S.i4
*l:OOp Sacramento River St?amcr3 *S'*:UOp
1 1 ::»'o'i' Port Costa and Way Stations ■} 7:-15
3:00 - Sat) Leanoro, Haynar Is* Way Btns S:l3p
•I :()0p San I.candro. HayTrards k Way St'ni 6:43*
4:(»«i- Martinez, Ban llamon. Vallejo;
Napa, Ciliatos'i, £1 Verauu and
Santa ltosa »:1 3 a
• :«)** Eenlcia, Esparto, Woodland,
v Knights Landing, UlarysTillc,
Orurillo and Saoraniento 10:45 a
4:B*pKile3, ban Jose, Livermore and
Stncliton ....;........ Trl.ip
«:OOr SanLeindro, Haywarda&Way St'i;a 8:43»
3:30 1- New Orleans 1 resno. Bakers-
field, Saiita Borbara.Loa AugolPfi,
Demi: El l"aso, Kaw Orleans and
East I»s4»a
3:30p Santa I'd Itoute, Atlautio KspreH
for Mojavo aim East 10:43 a
6:oor> lCuropaau Mail, Ogllen and liast,.... !): t."»*
6:ii«i> Uaynards, Nilesoud Kau.loiiS 7:4.1 a
J7:o(>pVal!cjo 1?:43p
7:00 i" Orczou Hapreas.baoramante, Marjs. . -- -
ville. Redding, Portland, Piigpt
Hound 'Hi Kait 10:4.1 a
7:00p San Leandro, Haywarcia & Way St i. lO:5Op
a:O«p SanLeacdro,HaywardaA;V/ay£t ru 1 ♦ I'^:<K»a
"Sunset LiaiitctL" TreEno, Los
Angeles, El Paso, Now Orleans
and East § 1 -i-l fip
| ftll;iar teandro. Hr;:\rn- a ■-.*■ Way Sf -.- 7:15 a
SANTA (iitCiZ DIVISION (Xnrro» (;.iB ?
»xlf>A Nen:ark,Ceiiter»illc,Baii.lose,Feltou,
Creek, San Cruz ut\ Way
Stations 5:5*1
1 *2:13r Newark, Centx-rviilo, San Josft^Kcw
AlmaUen, Felton, l.oiiinrr Crick,
Kiiuta Crnz and Principal Way
Stations.. "II :'£» «
«:tS> N«W»!fk. Kan .lose aud r.08'0«05. . . . 9:50 a
; . -f Il:isi> Hunters' Ezcuisioa. Ban Joec and
■•• "' ' Vv r^y Htatfti'fi ♦ 7;g *?
(QAM DIVISION (Ihir.l A. )»nn.i::il Sts.)
0:13 a. Ban Jose an. l Way BUti»us (New "
Almadcn Wednesdays only) 1:43p
S:lsa San Jose, TruH linos, Hauta Cruz.
I'aciiio Grove, Paso Itobk-r, tiau
Lnia oi.i'pd, Giiadalupc ami Prin-
cipal Way iStiitlotis 7:05 p
10:10 a San Jono and Way .Stations !S:OOp
, 11:45 a Palo Alto and Way Stations 3:30}
! •2:30r San Jose, Gilrny, Tr<-s Pines, -Santa
Cruz, Ualinas,Montei'ey and Pacific
Grora •iO:io 4
•S:::op Saa Jose antU'riudpal Way stations . !):I7a
; •l-.riOi- San Jo3ear..l Way KUtions | »8:00 a
SiSOp San .Tom anil Way Stations *S:-1»a
OtOOp San Jose Way Stations , «::?.5a
•Hl:4sp Han.Toscnmi Way St. Pious ... i7:4.T>
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
: FroaiSAil FR4KCISCO— foot of Market Street (Slip 8)—
"7:15 9:00 11:00 a.m. $1:00 *2:CO $3:CO
•1.-00 JE:OO *6:Cop.m.
From OAIUHD— Foot of Broidw»j.— : 00 8:00
10-.00/..M. 112:00 *l:00 $2:33 »3:CO $1:00
"5:00r.M. ___^
AfovMoruins. P for Afternoon.
• Sundays excoptcd. t Saturdays only.
t Sundays only.
•H Monday. Thursday and Saturday nfeht.i only.
UTus!c!ar-< and Saturdays 6 Sundays and Tuur=.dai»
SAN FRAKISCO& NORTH PA-
CMC RAILWAY CO.
Tiburon Ferry- of Market St.
San Fran co to San Rafael.
WEEK DAYS-7:40, 9:20, 11:00 a.m.; 12:38 L
8:30, 5:10, 6:80 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. it. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:50
and 11:30 p. K. ,
: SUNDAYS— B:OO, 9:30, 11:00 a.m.; 1:30, 3:3(1
5:00, 6:20 P. it. ™
San Kafael to San Francisco.
WEEK DAYS— 6:2S, 7:55, 9:30, 11:10 A M •
12:45, 3:40, 6:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trlpj
at 1:55 p. m. and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS-8:10, 9:40, 11:10 a. 1C; 1:40. 3: **
6:00, 6:26 P. U. •
Between San Francisco and Scauetzen Park sam*
schedule as above. - :■
Leave T _ ---_ r Arrive
San Francisco. oct? 28. San Fr "° claco -
Wbkk j Sex- Ve s%l: lon Sax- I Wi«
Days. | day«. destination. PAYa- | DAys ..
7:40 am 8:00 am Novato, 10:40 am 8:50 a*
3:30 1 9:30 am Pet&luma, 6:05 i'M 10:30 AM
6 :10 PM ; 5 :00 pm ; Santa Kosa. 7:30 pm 6:15 ph
Fulton,
7:40 am Windsor, •, . 10:30 am
Healdsburg,
Geyservllle,
8:30 pm 8:00 am Clovcrdale. 7:30 pm 6:16 pm
, i Pleta, ~ ~
7:40 am! Hopland A
i 8 :00 am Ukiah. 7:30 pm 0:15 PM
7:40 am; : : 10:30 am
■ 8:00 am Guerneville. 7:30 pm
8:30 PM| 6:15 pm
7:40 am 8:00 am Sonoma 10:40 am 8:50 am
6:10 5:00 pm and ! - 6:05 pm 6:16 PM
| Glen Ellen.
7:40 AM 1 8:00 am I hfl . tnno i 110:40 am 1 10:30 am
3:30 pm 15:00 pm I Sebaatopol - I 6:05 pm| 0:16 pm
Stages connect at San Rafael for Bollnas.
| Stages connect at Cloverdale for th« Geysers.
Stages connect at Pieta tor Highland Spring*
Kelseyville, Lakeport.
Stages connect at Ukiah for Vichy Springs, Blo«
lAkes, Laurel Dell. Upper Lake, Boonevtlle, Green-
wood, Mendoclno City. Fort Bra;;?, Usal, Westport,
Cab to, Willetts, Calpella, Porno, Potter Valley, Joh»
Day's, Lively's, Gravelly Valley, Harris, eicoil*
and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round- trip tie It «t sat redoo«4
"on Sundays ronnd-trtp ticket* t* all peUU tw>
j yond San Kafael at half rat**.
Ticket Offices, 650 Market St., Chronicle building
H. a WH ITINO, K. X. RYAN,
Gen. Manager. ' Gen. Pan. Agent. _
l^^^^^^p KAILKOAD
4^l?^?st!livy Trains leave from and arrlTf
• S^^aC^uTes at Ferry.
SANTA FE EXPRESS
To Chicago via a. & p. Direct Line
Leaves every day at 3:30 p.m., carrvlng Pullman
I^ n ver n and C S l t y L^uls? lUCliange - Annex car. *»
CHICAGO LIMITED,
From Los Angeles to Chicago.
Solid Vestibule Train Daily, with Dining-cars,
nnder Harvey's management. Connecting trains
leave San Francisco at 9 a. m. and 3:30 p. m. daily
The best railway from California to the East.
r.ew rails, new ties; no dnst; Interesting scenery:
and good meals in Harvey's dining-room or dining*
Cars.
Ticket Office— 644 Market Street,
Chronicle .Building.
fORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD
(Via Sausalito Ferry), ,
from San Francisco, beginning October 27. 1893.
WEEKDAYS.
For Mill Valley and San Kafael-7:30, 9:15, 11:0*
A.M.; 1:45, 3:45, 6:15, 6:30 p.m.
Ban Quentin— 7:2o, 9:15 a. M. ; 1:46, 6:16 P. M.
j Extra trips tor ban Kafael on Mondays, Wedne*
aavi aiid Saturdays at 11:30 p. m.
. SUNDAYS.
For Mill Valley, San Rafael and Han Qu-ntin—
8:00, 10:00, 11:30 A. M. 1:30,3:00,4:30, "6:11
v. m. "Does no run to 6an Quonlin.
THROUGH TRAINS.
I 7:30 a. m. weekdays— Catadero and way station*
1:45 p. m. Satnraays—Tomales and way stations.
CtOO a. m. Sundays- Point Reyes ana way nation*
YALLEJO m HARE ISLAND.
STR. MONTI CELLO,
©ally, except Sunday— lo a. m* 4v. i&
Sunday— B p. XV»
.. I«BdlBK> Mission I. Tin 3. .
2728
BE ON TIME. Goods are going at railroad speed. Don't be sidetracked or left behind. CROWDS, GROWTH, GOOD TIMES— find them all at
FRISCO'S BUSIEST STORE. Progress and push are the everlastingly NEW IDEAS of this business. We are pushing to completion the monster addition
to the big store, and by price power moving out all of the winter stock and broken lines. All MUST go before the big tearing-up time now rapidly
approaching. Two dollars for one are not uncommon happenings during this great sale. The confidence of the people we have (the daily crowds tell us this),
and it's one of the biggest assets we have got— even if not in our bankbook. To prove our gratitude we cut prices smaller than ever this week, and remember
the old and true saying, "Time and tide wait for no one." To secure present bargains set lesser duties aside and come NOW.
■ ■ ■
Silks. Dress_Qoods. Notions. Notions. I Ladies' Underwear. Domestics. Domestics.
IF possible, Waists will be more popular EVERY piece on sale a product of the ORICE tickets cut in two on little things I IGHTENING prices put on all lines. PROFESSIONAL shoppers know that n^EP cuts made in all Linens and Cot- WE are not looking for profit now.
■ this year than last. Get your goods now *-* fall looms. Good heavy qualities at £ accumulated during the rush of Xmas. *- Our new annex is beginning to look f these annual trade events bring them L> tons. The prices we quote this week VV Our economy is tim Cosine out
at clearance prices. Staple lines always in prices light enough for any purse. AN c can't take short lines into our annex, like a store, and we will be ready to ex- worthy garments at prices unknown at are bona fide. Bring your "ad." with you all odd lin*s before enlar"imr and occudv-
style. gand^m^ a few weeks. ■_ Lonely lines at other times. and compare. _ ' ing our big annex. ° ing vy
FANCY TAFFETA, 45c Yard. COLORED SEKGE, S3c Tard. TISSUE PAPER, lc to 3c Sheet. Xkfokx tpiv i-nS?I *■ »- MERINO VESTS, 250 Each. CALICO 64-SQUAEE CLOTH, 5o Yard. .H\
FANCY TAFFETA, 45c Tard. COLORED SKKGE, 25c Tard. TISSUE PAPER, lc to 3c Sheet. „,„.„ „„ .. MERINO VESTS, 250 Each. CALICO 64-SQUARE CLOTH, 5c Tard. Dm , v<n
Two-toned, 19 inches wide; worth 75c. . Guaranteed all wool 36 inches wide- worth 40c. English Tissue Taper, plain, all pretty shades. TRAY COVERS, 10c Each. Natural Gray Merino, 11. N\, L. S.. Jersey ribbed, 25 inches wide black and white flenro* on rod FRENCH FLANNELS, 330 Yard.
Guaranteed all wool, Sblnches wide. W orth4OC. _ Dam^rtam^ftlnged all around, *"* 15x23 P*ncy crochet neckand front, heaVy quality. 5 un d , 111 ?faat ISlon? reduced from y 3 c All wool pretty designs, medium and light colors.
FANCY TAFFETA, 50c Yard. ___._. criTivr , Yard CHILDREN'S COLLARS, lc Each. ' U ± MERINO UNDERWEAR, 35c Garment. „
Guaranteed all Silk; our 75c grade. ftUULII SUIIM " jvc xara. Children's White Collars, with Capes, sizes 11 and CREPE TISSUE, 12^c Roll. White Merino, heavy quality, shirt silkbound, HARWELL 4-4 BLEACHED MUSLIN, EIDERDOWN FLANNELS, 33c Yard.
11 P ° PUlar colors ' tw °- " % ' " . Fullline of assorted colors in Engiish Crepe Paper, drawers ° match: — 5 ° C> ■ ° Yard * Best quality, medium colors, checks and stripe.:
PEAU DE SOIE, 89c Yard. ' SHELF PAPER, 2^o Bundle. S/ T —'. WOOL UNDERWEAR, 75c Garment. To g c gs P. extra heavy quality; reduced from reduced from 50c.
Two-toiiPd. 20 inches wide, extra heavy; worth FRFNCH NOVELTY, 50c Yard. pink ". while, red, blue, yellow, fancy edge: 24 «"»« „, G . CAKDS| * 5 ° P * C ?" Katural gray, guaranteed all wool, silkbound INDIGO AND FA^Y CALICO, # A c Yd/ "-* BLANKETS, 45c Each.
FRENCH NOVEI7Y, Sl.OO Yard. A " lwtlt ovc *»r«. inches 86x9 inolies each, in a bundle- Sti4 Mascot. Playing Cards, a well enameled card, shirts, drawers to match; were 26. wide, good quality, dark colors; feduced lo BLANKETS, 450 Each.
FKKNCH NOVELET. .1.0. Tard. A tt^SS&SSiS?"* *"*? tor two cen.sa^d a ha!, round corners ; value^c pack. V^ E^~ R 81 . 50 Garment ™ Incbe. wide, good quality, dark co.ors; tiuced Wb.t. Cotton; reducedfrorn 75c.
FaD $ C i y 75 h g a^ e c able effeCt ' 21 iDCheS WSde: Ur ' LEAD PENCILS, 2c Each. striped and DottS™. inJE. assorted "'i hX'wefght Ze PILLOWCASeI^SLIV 9o Yard 4 " 4 CHENILLE COVERS, 45c Each.
STORM SERGE, 50c Yard. No. 2 (soft), the regular 5c kind at other places, colors and qualities; value from 2bc to 50c • . _ „ TV . ,~f J)llJ! »^ II »« Yard. Big assortment colors and designs
NOVELTY SILK. 81.00 Yard. Extra heavy, all wool, 48 inches wide; value 75c. ™*? »Pl«d with rubber; a supply for a year yard; entire line to_beclo S ed out. COMBINATION SUITS, 53.00 Suit. Unbleached, fuU 54 inches wide, good quality. »* assortment colors^anddes.gns.
Fancy French Two-u>ned Novelty Silk, satin " _ at .Oc a dozen. FANCY HEAD RESTS. 15c Each. , French make.all wjol, H. *" L. S., Swiss ribbed, FLANNeZs~ISc Yard TAPESTRY, 50c and 75c Yard.
ground, inchesw.de; worth ,2 yard. ALL . wool CHEVIOT, 60c Yard. CHILDREN'S HANDKERCHIEFS. Silk-cohered on one side, assorted color, and pat- _ 9100 gult . Heavy dark Twill Flannel, ',8 inches wide, wool 50 inches wide, large assortment.
40-\.« i_-» *ie J j«i (" 11 ■ «j*^ A.\r^ ocxAOy i?itUu (9u.il* mixed
7 r, Ue ' eXtra 48 inches wide; worth $1 Fancy colored border, fast colors, hemstitched U- A v««T^~ v»«.h One lot of Ladies' Kibbed Union Suits, H. N., L. S. Irish'^eie, 27 inches wide, blue mixture. Both!
Jttru> edge: by dozen 35c. _ ■ FANS, li>c Each. - in the one lot for 15c. ' ■ bOtn UNBLEACHED NAPKINS, 75c Dozen.
D , 1 • ell FANCY COATINGS "5c Yard Fancy decorated Moried Cloth Pans, pretty for the LADIES' VESTS, Sl.OO Each. . Size 18x18 Inches, colored borders.
BlaCk SllkS. c F A^ CT COATINGS, ,5c Yard. BABY RIBBOJf iy c Yard »«U- All- Wool Ribbed Vests, one lot to close. FLANNELS, 19c Yard. ■ -
»»"•»-*• Special line for tailor-made costumes, in brown. ;., , _„, , x Gn , TCC wt nnvnvr' on t»i»i «- . ... .. •••«*•
Cray and tan, 48 inches wide; worth $1 i>s ' No. 1, all Silk, assorted colors, good for fancy hWISS FLOUNCING, 20c lard. EQUESTRIAN TIGHTS, 81.50 Pair. 27 Inches wide, all-wool plaids and checks, tor ' HUCK TOWELS, 81. 25 Dozen.
RROf4T)FI) T . m . T4 «n v* *■* WOrk - Em w^2 e 5 r cyard Sei BcallOpcd ftnd hemSlltChed: In natural gray and black. anUe length, ribbed. wrappers; reducedjrom 85c yard. ! Size 13x36 inches, fringed, close weave, full
Alf i£ Tl^nchefJde "tT W; NOVELTY SUITINGS. 75c Yard. PILLOWCASE LACE, 3c Yard. FKATHER — 3 5cEach R X R TURKEY-RED * DAMASK, 25c Yard. -lva S e; value ? 1 75_
« or ' " s - Fancy Two-toned French Novelty Suitings, exclu- Assorted patterns, from 3to 4 inches wide. MC y Feathered Tans al! in red, feather.d on Baby BOHnetS. 56 Inches wide, all fast colors; value 35c yard. EIDEKDO WX COMFORTERS S3 75
sive designs, 45 inches wide; worth $1 25 yard. two sides; were 60c. - ' i>iutuiJU\va tOUtUKIJSKS, 5.i.75
GROS GRAIN, 69c Yard. ROLL TOILET PAPER, 4c Roll. White Klderdown trimmed with velvet dainty Hnciofv r^r. I A A Each.
Very heavy quality, 20 inches wide; value $1. rinpni.- criTivo ~* v A good-qualitr paper on good, full rolls. ' warm, cute and as cozy and neat as Bonnets nOSiefy WOnCiUUeCI. Prettily figured, sateen covered, full double-bed
i \\i * k > i.j 1 I J .> < « , toe - x ara. ni/\«rac can be. *.*■ * - size.
0.W.1-M- «tt/ 1 t,,,c~ — . Extra heavy check Novelty SuitinK: sold all sea- AIT-dTIK HTKROV vJItIVCS. 10c Each nnTS , T »^iz- rnTTnv 1* « ,
SATIN DUCHESS, 75c Yard. son for $1 per yard; 38 inches wide. AJjL MLX J&UUSUJt. _ BOYS BLACK COTTON. 15c Pair. WHITE BLANKETS, »5.00 Pair.
•TsarsfflKSß-"— — ... , ri — „ ra "as «s»aa.*aar» sa t^vZSAjsjS?—.. Hosiery. -aaaißßsaj— *"—*-* -.— .-t.*^..^^..^
LUXOR 75c Yard Silk and Wool, new two toned color effects; was y °- 3 No. 5 Kos. 7, 9 y05.12-16-22 LOT 2, 65c Pair INFANTS' BLACK COTTON, 10c Pair. GIRLS' BLACK COTTON, 25c Pair. EIDERDOWN COMFORTERS, 57.75.
All Pure Silk, 20 inches wide; worth 'f 1. * ' 50 yard. lV 2 c Yard. 2%C Yard. . 7%€ Yard. 10c Yard. Der g h^ d 7^ Urg^buttons, tans, browns, EDg ' I Wld /^ B b^|^\ fl^ e^ 6 ««>* Q^ity, fast dye, WW d e o^/ e 7^ e ri 3 \ b c e^^ 1 yara> H<nCIM " ! FUl pr?ce ( i . llC covered, sateen lining; regular
SATIN DUCHESS, Sl.OO Yard. SERGE. SI.OO. TOILET SOAP, 10c Box. LOT 3, SI.OO Pair. I CHILDREN'S BLACK COTTON, 15c Pair LADIES' BLACK COTTON, 19c Pair. EIDERDOWN COMFORTERS 89 50
t*tra heavy, „, inches wide; worth f l 60. Special line of extra heavy Serge, in black and University brands— Harvard, Yale, Vassar, etc.; | 4-Button Kid, largo pearl buttons, good assortment I Derby ribbed, fine quality, llermsdorf dye, sizes 5 Real Macco yarn extra onalitv ' hie-h S Uced beela | miir n ii -wo .sii, «™« d « r^c d ...
fcxtra heavy, 24 inches wide; worth ?1 50. navy, 65 inches wide. good value at 25c; 3 cakes in a box. colors and sizes. to 7; were 25c. „ and dou^WeWes; were 25c. price $12- regular
■ : —^t^.<?tf-* 1- _
%j£+A>/*&~ /- 937 ' 939 ' 941 ' 943 ' 945 stf /? /&
K^^ri^/V^XSS /&U • MARKET STREET, lJ/ j * LArststsLsv sCJZf
3 IiWUKF.UIvt.ILU* # Tvr/v?\t«TirirrA^rre»ri •
11 ojx I\T Li' iup a Tcrr^Tcsr^r-^ / incorporated - ,
FRISCO'S BUSY STOHE. iC^-.C^-J-N JC JXXI.iN OXOL/^J- " IPIFLISOO'S BUST STORE.
CHIEF SULLIVAN TALKS
He Explains Matters Touched
Upon by Ex-Foreman
Buchanan.
FIREMEN HAVE VARIOUS VIEWS
Some Are of the Opinion That the Dis
charged Foreman Has Squarely
Hit the Nail.
Ex-Foreman Buchanan's story in The
Call of yesterday morning concerning the
Fire Department and the probable use of
the widows' and orphans' fund for politi
cal purposes at the last Legislature created
considerable comment among firemen all
over the City. It was the subject of both
criticism and approval.
Many firemen who dare not discuss the
matter openly intimated that Foreman
Buchanan had struck the nail on the head
when he suggested that politics has some
thing to do with the circulation of the paper
giving the heads of the Fire Department
authority to expend the surplus of the
fund for the employment of special
counsel.
Chief Sullivan when interviewed on the
matter at first refused to have anything to
Bay regarding the truth or falsity of the
charges on the ground that he did notcon-
Bider a discharged foreman's accusations
worth comment.
Later on, however, he went briefly into
the subject and said: "The statement
made by Buchanan, that I was the man
who cut down the amount allowed widows
from $500 to $200, is not true. It was Isi
dore Grezmand. His statement, that I
was the man who offered the resolution
authorizing the firemen to erect a monu
ment for Assistant Chief Reilly was also a
misstatement. Major Walter, at present
one of our district engineers, was the gen
tleman who made that resolution, and I
had nothing to do with it other than to
approve, as all the firemen did. Regard
ing my failure to move in the matter of
erecting a monument to Dave Scannell I
have this to say: Park Commissioner
Rosenfeld offered to subscribe $500 when
ever we were ready to commemorate Chief
Bcannell with a monument, but 1 refused
to take that offering owing to the fact, as
I stated at the time, of there beinz suffi
cient money on hand to meet the cost of
such a monument. Pending the settle
ment of this question as to where the
money should come from, George T.
Bohen and Joseph Figel thought with
me that the money should come out of the
reserve fund and a design was submitted
by a stonemason. I had a conference with
Mr. Bohen, president of the Board of Fire
Commissioners, and the design was sub
mitted to us. I told the designer to ap
pear before the board at its next meeting
and informed him that his proposition
would in all probability be accepted. He
did appear and the offer to complete and
erect the stone for $1200 was thought to be
reasonable and was accepted. That is the
history of the Scannell monument, and it
was not at the suggestion of Mr. Bu
chanaD, although he had something to
say of it at the meeting when it was ac
cepted."
"Was a paper circulated authorizing the
heads of tne department to expend trie re
serve fund for special counsel?
"Not to my knowledge. I saw nothing
qf it, and i tn«ik if anything of that kind
had been done I would have known it. I j
pee that Mr. Buchanan charged that to us, '
but I never knew of the existence of such |
a document," replied Chief Sullivan to |
that question.
'•Is it true that Mr. Buchanan was not
allowed to have a lawyer before the Board
of Fire Commissioners to represent him
when he was tried for felony?"
"He was permitted to have a lawyer as
an advisory counsel," answered the Chief,
"but in no other way was the attorney al
lowed to act. Lawyers are found to be an
obstruction to the board, and the Commis
sioners passed a rule excluding them from
appearing before the board to represent
anybody who was accused of misconduct,
neglect or anything of that kind. Law
yers take up too much time when they
come before us, so they were shut out alto
gether, except as advisers to their clients.
I do not consider tlutt an injustice, as it is
done by other commissions and we find it
works well."
Chief Sullivan refused to go any deeper
into the controversy on the ground that he
was not a bit annoyed by the charges and
that he thought Buchanan beneath his
notice.
Other firemen of the department who
j had read Foreman Buchanan's statement
talked among themselves, but refused to
be interviewed for publication.
Many thought that while Buchanan
might De a little mixed up in his dates and
perhaps had mads a few mistakes from a
technical standpoint he was, nevertheless,
right in a general way, and that there were
a great many more points to be touched
j upon that Buchanan had either overlooked
or was not yet prepared to give to the
public.
NOT UNDER SUSPICION.
Bliss Elsie Wallace Dirt Not Resign
Under Pressure.
There was a story published in an even
ing paper yesterday that Miss Elsie Wal
lace had been forced to resign as superin
tendent of the Children's Hospital and
Home for Trained Nurses about a month
ago, owing to being under suspicion of
having pilfered money from the nurses.
Mrs. Willard B. Harrington, president
of the institution, when asked about the
matter last night, declared there was ab
solutely no truth in the report, except that
Miss Wallace had resigned. Continuing,
Mrs. Harrington said:
About three months ago Miss Wallace was
tendered a place in St. Luke's Hospital, New
York, which she desired to accept, and ten
dered us her resignation at that time. We de
sired her to remain, however, until we secured
some competent person to replace her. She
agreed to this, and the result was she lost the
opportunity of going East, which she much de
sired, as th£ vacancy was iilled by the selection
of another lady. About six weeks ago sne got
another ofler from the East and then insisted
on our accepting her resignation at once,
which we did. She then left. There was never
any suspicion attached to her.
Xoe Title Suit.
All persons holding policies of insurance
upon their titles in the California Title Insur
ance and Trust Company will be defended free
of charge by that company. ! Statements to the
contrary are false. Policy-holders served with
summons should notify the company immedi
ately. [*] L. R. Ellebt, Manager.
» ♦ — »
An Old Man Disappears.
The police were notified yesterday by FranK
Van Land, 241 Eighth street, of the disappear
ance of his friend W. H. Verrey. He is an old
man, 02 years of age, nnd arrived here from
New South Wales on December 10, registering
at the International Hotel. On December 23
he called at 241 Eighth street, where he had
luncheon and left saying he was going for a
stroll to the park and ocean beach. Since then
he has not been seen or heard of.
Broke His Leg.
R. Mavrack, 723 Devisadero street, while
playing football yesterday at the recreation
grounds, Golden (Jate Park, slipped and fell,
breaking his ri^lu leg. The ambulance was
summoned and he was taken to his home as he
refused to go to the Receiving Hospital.
Brief work a special feature of the printing
department of the Mysell-Kollias C 0. ,23 Clay.*
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 12, 1896.
THIS MAY CAUSE DELAY
The Writ of Mandate Petitioned
For by the Valley Road
Denied.
THEEE WAS NO OPINION FILED.
Fresno and Other Towns Can Put Up
the Franchises at Open
Sale.
The writ of mandate which the Valley
road asked of the Supreme Court to enable
it to progress uninterruptedly through
Fresno and afterward through other towns
has been denied, and the first setback has
been encountered by the competing line of
steel.
No opinion accompanies the denial of
the court. It is not even graced by a sep
arate order, but across the back of E. F.
Preston's petition is written, "Writ de
nied. Beatty, C. J."
The question involved was cne of vital
importance to the progress of the road,
and the denial of the writ is a severe blow.
When the franchise through the city of
Fresno was decided on application was
made to the Town Trustees for the privi
lege of laying tracks on the street desig
nated. This the Trustees refused to grant
without first putting up the franchise for
sale at public auction. Their action was
based upon the provisions of the code,
which direct that all franchise.^ must be
sold in open competition by the governing
bodies of the towns and counties in which
the franchise is desired.
This course would bring endless trouble
and complications for the road and deJay
its progress indefinitely. Every town or
county which is reached in the course of
construction would have to be petitioned
to allow the franchise, and then, after its
location had been determined, the fran
chise would have to be sold in open com
petition, the Valley road relying for its
possession upon the doubtlul hazard of
making the highest bid. To cut these
coils of red tape and to close all the loop
holes which this method held out for
any one wishing to stay the progress of
the road, the directors petitioned the
Supreme Court for a writ of mandate
directing the Trustees of Fresno to sell
direct to the petitioners the franchise
which they want.
The proceedings were brought in the Su
preme Court, because the point would be
raised at every town reached, and it was
necessary to have a final decision in the
case as soon as possible. The petition at
tacked the constitutionality of the iaw, but
the strongest point was not made on that
ground. The further contention was made
that there was no competition possible in
the franchise asked for. as no one but the
petitioners whished to run a steam rail
road through the town. Again, it was
claimed that the law directing governing j
bodies to auction all privileges and fran- J
chises referred to franchises wholly within
the jurisdiction of the granting power.
Assuming that the law was not unconsti
tutional, the Valley road people contended
that, did their franchise begin and end
within the limits of the city of Fresno,
then the terms of the law would apply,
but in the case in question the franchise
through the town was but the continua
tion of a right of way running through
several counties, aud after crossing through,
the city limits it was run through several
more.
The road is being pushed forward under
State laws, it was claimed, and it should
not be hampered by local ordinances
framed for municipal corporations and in
force only within the corporate limits.
A? may be seen, the question was one
of the lirst importance to the road, and
the curt denial of the writ has by a few
words added untold complications to its
further progress. There is no denial with
out prejudice, so that the action may be
recommenced in a lower court in a differ
ent form or under different auspices. The
writ is denied and the case is ended with
out even a hearing.
CHUTE NOVELTIES.
"Cannon King" ,)<>hn Uoltura "Will Par
ticipate in an Athletic En
tertainment.
By way of a novelty this afternoon, the
management of the water chutes on
liaight street have decided to offer an
athletic entertainment instead of the cus
tomary balloon ascension and parachute
drop.
John Holtum, known all over the world
as the "Cannon King," is in the City for
the purpose of deciding whether he or
Augustine Martinez, a local strong man,
is the more powerful, and later on the two
will meet for a large purse. To-day they
will hoth pive exhibitions at the cnutes,
Holtum catching cannon-balls tired from
a cannon with genuine powder, and after
ward taking the gun from its carriage and
bitting a bull's-eye 100 feet distant, and
Martinez lilting all sorts of weights up to
2500 pounds. The performances will take
place at half-past 2 and 4 o'clock, and if
the weather is pleasant the grounds' will
undoubtedly be crowded.
SEARCHING FOR A SITE
The Pesthouse Likely to Be Lo
cated on the Almshouse
Tract.
Supervisors on a Tour of Inspection.
Mayor Sutro Will Fight the
Project.
There ia every likelihood of a lively
time in the Board of Supervisors to-mor
row if the Health and Police Committee
decides to report in favor of locating the
Pesthouse on the Almshouse tract. Since
the Board of Health began its agitation in
favor of a better home for those suffering
from contagious diseases in a different
location, it has been anticipated that the
committee would go on a tour of inspec
tion in search of a site. It was also ex
pected that as the last Board of Supervi
sors had favored locating it on the City
property, near the Almshouse, the
present board would take the same course.
Mayor Sutro owns a great deal of property
near the Ingleside and Almshouse prop
erty, and has always fought any such plan
strenuously.
Yesterday Supervisors Morgenstern,
Dunker, Hughes and Benjamin went on a
little trip in search of a site and headed
direct for the Almshouse. They inspected
the tract thoroughly, and while no report
was formulated, there is little doubt that
they will follow the example of their pre
decessors ana report that the City property
near the Almshouse is the only proper
place to locate the Pesthouse. Any such
action will precipitate a battle with the
Mayor, who says that he will resort to the
courts if no other way of stopping the pro
ceedings can be found.
KELLY & LIEBES
Cloak and Suit House,
120 Kearny Street.
Second Greater Season's
Week of the Bargains Than Latest Styles
Winter Clear- Ever==Cloaks, At Cost
ance Sale. Furs, Suits. Or Less.
New Lines Added— Deeper Price-cutting Extra salespeople: Special deliveries. Garments must be sold the season they
Than Before. Come mornings during sale. are made up for.
JACKETS. FUR CAPES.
— A CLOTH CAPES.
jv ft 225 FIVE ALL - WOOL t£^| WOOL SEAL CAPES. - « .
T&&. JACKETS, big sleeves, \*f cl ?, e beBt '> uall J - v > edged A»* CHEVIOT CLOTH
&m all color.", all sizes, were .*rV all around with Opos- >«££ * CAPES, double 24
Tt 4 7 $15 and over, j^~*\SSA~, sum, batin lined. < «F*i> inches long, navy or
53. 50 Eb«li /// 1 j'j|f \\\ „, ,„. „„„, „,_ i-« ?5 <■, black, nor« $7, now
/■^gßr* 375 FINEST ALL-WOOL /// /! ' \\S 2-1-Inch, now 813.50 _J^aL. *3 each.
J/. gl\\\ JACKETS, several 64/ fi '!» Jpo - 7 " inch - row *17.50 /JjjyWPv
i?t\\v style fronts, big sleeves. T^fe^l *'^f\ 27-inch, now 517.50 /^V^vJVkV
T£l «i\\ \S aII colors, were * 18 //i\ V\ »>-lncl,,now **1.00 (L ( \ W?« f A **"» CK»H OAPX& U
7^(f J WV and over, // 7 \\\ 30-inch, now $31.00 /*( ftf 3 ® 1 !/ \ FINE CLOTH CAPES. 24
vfj ** mm 3 94.50 Each *<J j_^ _V V. \ /J\\ T / to -7 Inches long, single
9M&gk3t' 155 ELEGANT CLOTH : •.:"•.'•"'.'••%> \w L &\\f.f with braid,' wereflO,
/KylFS&k JACKETS, large __ V* I Itf now »6 each.
»«K> •.^ sleeves.good trimmings, FINE CHINA SEAL FUR, silk lined, look like * )?»_L 'If
colors or black, wore $20 or over, real seal: i\^S&sSS[
83,00 Each 24-inch, was $20. now £13.50 fßter&r™*"*
'HC\ UC ?' Was S;?,' now *f5-°° FINE ALL-WOOL KERSEY CAPES, 24 inches
KERSEYOKCHEVIOTJACKETS.Iateststv.es, 30-inch, was $30, now 516.50 deep, braid-trimmed ; reduced from «9 to
KERSEY OR CHEVIOT JACKETS, latest styles, „,.„.. « T <^ „ ' . «« E ach
box front, ripple backs, big sleeves, colors BLACK BALTIC SEAL FUR CAPES, satin wo iacn «
black or navy— were $10, ■ lined, 24 inches long, reduced from $12 50 to
56 50 each &7.50.
— " ' so'luch'JroSli-fsoto- ••::::-."sio:So FIX KERSEY CLOTH CAPES, trimmed with
BOUCLE CLOTH JACKETS, box fronts, ripple * 1>10.50 band of stitched satin, all colors, length 24
backs, new style sleeves, navy or black— were pi itch CAPFS incn.es; were $12 50, now
$12 50, KLUMI CAKtS». 87.50 Each.
»7 50 each. SILK PLUSH CAPES. 24 inches, very full
. , — — — circular style, elegant Thibet fur all arouud, '
FINER BOUCLE JACKETS, same style as above, were $. 6 ° 'J^LL' 510.50 J£ao KERSEY OR BOUCLE CLOTH CAPES , sinirle
with velvet collars, navy or black-were $14. VELOUR DV NORD PLUSH CAPES, braided circulars, trimmed with braid navy or black,
»8 5O each. beaded and fur trimmed, satin lined, were length 27 inches; were $10, now
$22 50 W12.50 Jiaoh «6 Each.
TAN KERSEY JACKETS, box fronts, ripple ELEGANT SILK PLUSH CIRCLE CAKES
C siß r lo buttons, new sleeves, raised seams, braided and beaded, satin lined^ur trim-
**£? OO each. were ? 15...._. » 10 Each LADIES' SUITS.
Cj^. ELEGANT CURLY- 'A Fl3 Capp% lLl^ } >L^ T BH ■„
«W*7 CLOTH JACKETS. &*:& J-apes, handsomely ff&* HEAVY TAILOR
\ll very newest styles, vel- jS^» f>'ni<li-(l, fur trimmed. ti» SERGE SUITS, Box
■v£*VV_ vet collars, largest >LJ( silk lined, latest style, . k 9 « Jackets and bie wide
s?&rlfem&Z^.' sleeves, navy or black; rsXj~\ * «k""; J6&~~ skirts, stiffened
H-/JK& / /V^r.^. i\\\\ - were 816 60. • Jl X\\ «9 tach <^s*ti>^%* throughout, were
WWii .10...!.. il\\ SUKslTlettk /iff\\ """■ "» 15 Each.
\i^«*fil iiKWr KIFR4NT TAV TCFR Jim \'\.\ SII JACKET, //S\\ -"^-*
x Xj*»:Hm[ seV jackets, tix Mmfezjk lii°r oi v n p " lsll ; nU " Jj Rli W« - VIAIK OKI)ERS '
"^ fronts, ripple back, new IJsa &~P Sartn iin»s x ,, fn>ntl M>■ i \\ W, o .
f&K i 'ssl sleeves, velvet collars, 7X^l""^ w« r%- "°- ( i all slzes - /BM'UM—JA-^Oy , Se 2 d money when order-
Wtti&s> ! ** : & . pearl buttons: were 6 Ml*lfVA w ™?27 50 i# 1 S£ ing by mall. Orders for
6 ll * M $2000. SI 450 each. *^~ «N®»* N »15 Each i&*3ii-rM > styles advertised should be
— —^ — *~~~^^~~~TTTr^—iiM^nM^iß^Mii ' "*W BS^* M s pnt R * once.
J^^> Xnn m I ±SJ^JU C^TrnPQ fef=Tp>- BRASS BEDS.
f^^^^^^-ci fIX 5 V^. - j XVlrXJlj .^ljj JL O >-^4—^ BRASS BEDS.
//^^S|^^^A /■*!_ ■ _ „ k_J-- ■ ' FOLDING BEDS,
Choice Bulbs and Plants i Wire ana lluir Mat
/^^S^g^^. We prepay the postage and guarantee safe delivery of" the Plants. ffttttt S^' X! 'cVjrs*
Set A-3 Beautiful Palms, 3 sorts, strong plants 50c f ,,...# Commodes, Back Keats
wlH' siar|T.l«ii,?',T!&» 1 ,<„,, THE 6S.h SEMI-ANNUAL TERM
;rJ/V*»; , ea . 1 Chrysanthemum ......; sOc ° 3CU > /~yF THE URBAN SCHOOL, AT 2124 CALl-
' }r »■*»»%. 10 l/ifllot Plonto Cfl#* 3 l nts New Calif. Violet Fo * v fornia street, will begin on MONDAY, Jan. 6,
,4*^^ ii I Z VlUlol rldlllOi OUC. 3 Mad Milot, 3 Sawnlev S2-OO 180t$. Mr. C. Brier will begin his lectures on Phy-
S^ &££&*& "^gS*. mi — »i .— — «, White, 3 Marie Louise *^ fc - slcs early In the coming year. A department for
j^SfeiTOSS^^^BUß^^a C~~m*l -C*— tii * . i „ , , " very young boys will be added to the school.
>^B»^ bend TOr OUr lUust T a ted ,- Catalogue. It contains a NATHAN W. MOORE, Pricnipal.
WmMMM "-• «"». Cloye r> Trce and iHieeS ■ff^l^mSi ~
taues^*^^ S^^SSSSSS^^ NOTARY PUBLIC.
Üb !!^t_.COX SEED AND PLANT CO., San Francisco? C H^i3-»2^Affia ffi2ff^2
- ■ J «-' « "^ \ . _ .—*. 411, 413 SQnsomo Street -g^iSft B9t * *" Wtn< » A«wiftus «S»