LXXX.-XO. 2.
DUNHAM'S TRAIL FOUND AGAIN
The f ii&itive Visited Two
Ranches to Procure
- Supplies.
ALLOWED TO DEPART IN
PEACE.
Farmers Who Gave Him Shelter
Knew Nothing of His
; Crime.
PUSHED A BICYCLE THROUGH
THE BRUSH.
Brpaii Harks Left by the Tires On
Paths — Citizens Form
a Safety Committee.
SAN JOSE. Cal., June I,— Sheriff Lyn
don and his man-hunters returned to
town to-night from the mountains after
haying completely lost the trail of Mur
derer Dunham. But they were destined
to soon recover it again, and late to-night
tie chase h.i-1 become hotter than ever
before, and something tangible to guide
the pursuers; Dunham had been seen,
:l- i that recently. ' " v^;
To-night a meeting of citizens, respond
n t« an invitation from a '"committee of
-a:ety,"was held at the courthouse behind
clo-.d doors— to all not. having an invita
ti m— to take what measures may seem fit
u> iera under the circumstances.
fhe ••circumstances" provoking the call
as. of course, the failure of the Sheriff to
capture this num. Neither the Sheriff or
any of his deputies received an invitation,
ii( - were they present.
This looked like a direct blow at Lyndon,
ami a protest against his management of
the case. : Under Sheriff Benson made
me protest against the action of
the committee, and thereupon an
invitation was sent to Lyndon and him
' -elf. after the meeting had been organized,
• hut- they refused to attend. There were
iV-'Sbjdut 100 of San Jose's leading citizens in
attendance. • ■
"'■^ ::N.o direct reflection was cast upon the
i fiicials referred to, but the general ex- j
pression, was strong in favor of an active
movement, to bring the murderer to
:. 'justice. :".V: ".V . ■■ .
V-V It was determined as the sentiment of
;• ■th.e-. meeting that a reward of $10,000 be
.offered for the body of the murderer, and
• tbat a mass-meeting be called, to be held
; on' the steps of the courthouse to-morrow
' evening. . •
■ .'.'■■£.' large sum was subscribed by those
present, and committees were appointed
to canvass every ward of the city for sub
\: scrip tions- to-morrow. There was talk
also of urging the Sheriff to call for 1000
volunteers to guard the mountain passes
v.;: and. sweep the surrounding country. This,
,i:fto doubt, will take form at the mass
meeting to-morrow night.
1 The people of the city feel a deep chagrin
. and : , impatience that the murderer of a
• whule family should have ridden away
<fr6m..his awful work out of the country to
>-tifety a man with a bareback horse and
£;|tO:;;'pro vis ion s.
The big offer of $10,000 for the murder
* er's body.is an exact index to the temper
'.of the. masses. The offer does not say
'trie arrest of the. murderer." It calls for
- his "body." And this from a gathering of
, - the representative citizens under an un
signed call from "A Committee of Salety."
There has been a protest all along from
the: officials aeainst any suggestion that
a lynching would follow the arrest of the
; murderer. The fact is, however, that there
has been a deep current setting in that
■ etion from the very first,
The staid old farmers about Campbells,
who are not given to sudden passion, have
made no secret of their thoughts in the
matter. The citizens of San Jose, how
ever, have seemed willing to wait
: upon the . course of justice— if the
crowds of idlers on the street corners on
the night of Friday, when it was supposed
he was already captured, may be excepted.
With the return of the Sheriff legions,
bootless arid empty-handed, to-day, from
a trail-that at one time seemed to lead
close updn the murderer, the feeling of im
patience, and chagrin has run more deeply
and made itself more manifest.
. Bat -while this meeting was being held,
and Sheriff ,'. Lyndon and his men were
: criticized, thu Sheriff had received new in
telligence of a most interesting character
.;, to : h.im and was already preparing to go
'■■ : back whence he had come.
: : Even before the meeting was over the
Sheriff and hie posse had mounted their
.-■..!"fa.orses ..and . ridden out of town
toward • .the mountain. The in
■' formation was definite and to the
•eff£c : t.'that the murderer had been seen
last .Friday at the Coe ranch, ten miles
' south of Indian Gulch. On the following
: .night he made his. appearance at the
I ranch of James Mcllraith, a short distance
Irbrn the Highland schoolhbuse. ■
. Tjie information concerning Dunham's
movements was. brought to San Jose by
"Wood- Wadams, a resident of Santa Clara.
\ He has for some time been employed upon
: the. Newell ranch, in San Felipe Valley.
The owner of this ranch is the teacher of
the "an Felipe school.
:•■' Themail reaches these mountain ranches
only seTni-occasionally ' from Evergreen
. and Madrone. It is usually, brought out
. by one of the ranchers of the neighbor
hood who • may chance to come to the
ppstoffice. '"■ • ' : •".';■-/ '"■■:.
: ; c •> In consequence sometimes a whole week
passes without any news being received
from the- outside world. This happened
■■ last "week, and- nothing concerning the
f .murder • at Campbells was known to those
vcho. lived upon the Coe and Mcllrath
•• ranches last. Friday and Saturday nights,
■. when Dunham, driven to desperation by
, ; hunger, made his appearance there.
■ On;: Sunday .morning some papers,
'•: among them a San Jose Mercury of Fri
■/day morning, was carried to the Coe
■•■•.ranch,, \ and Charles Coe, 'the owner
: of; : the ' place, was - astonished to
: ..read the account of the chase after
The San Francisco Call.
! Dunham at Smiths Creek; and, inci
| dentally, Coe for the first time heard of
the murders. His interest in the news
wa?- increased by the fact that he had seen
Dunham on Friday afternoon last.
As Coe tells his story Dunham was well
known to him, he having worked upon
the ranch a few years ago. The fugitive
seemed worn out with a hard tramp
thiough the brush.
His face was scratched, as Coe supposed,
by making his way through the branches
on the hiliside. Dunham did not have
much to say, except that he had been
! tramping around and had lost his way in
a gulch.
He spoke of being very hungry and
asked if he could get some provisions. He
was told that he could have some. Dun
ham then wanted to know if he could buy
a rifle.
He said he had money and would pay
for all he got. It was suggested that if he
was so "flush" he ought to go to Gilroy or
Hollister and buy what he wanted.
Dunham persisted in his efforts to make
a purchase of a firearm, and the colonel
showed him a rifle that had been in use
for some time and that the owner himself
had bought second-banded for $14.
The rifle with thirty rounds of am
munition and a sack of provisions were
secured by Dunham. The provisions con
sisted of some bacon, a lot of hardtack,
some stale bread and a piece of cheese.
Dunham paid $50 for the supplies and
rifle and ammunition. This was a high
price, but the purchaser did not stop to
haggle. He gave up the money quickly
iv gold, a lot of which he seemed to have
loose In his pocket.
Dunham started away in the direction
of the McDermitt ranch, which is in what
is known as Packwood Valley, soutu of
Smiths Creek and east of the Eighteen
mile House. It is believed that Dunham
is hiding somewhere on this great cattle
ranch. It consists of about 17,000 acres
and is owned by James McDermitt, a
millionaire of Oakland.
The residence of Charles Coe, where Dun
ham appeared last Friday afternoon, is on
the top of what is known as Pine Ridge.
The Coe ranch consists of 5000 or 6000
acres. It is adjoining the McDermitt
ranch on the east.
. The center of the McDermitt ranch is
about fourteen miles from San Felipe Val
ley.
After Dunham left Coe thought the cir
cumstance of his visit was rather strange.
The mystery was cleared up the following
Sunday when read the newspaper account
of the chase of the murderer.
As soon as he could, after making the
discovery, Coe sent word of Dunham's visit
to his place to the foremen of adjoining
ranches. He communicated with Elgin i
Page, who has charge of the McDermitt
ranch; Wood Wadhams, the foreman of
the Newell ranch, and James SfoDratS.
The latter was very much startled when j
he heard the news, as he recognized in the
description of Dunham a man who had '
been at his place the evening before, or
about 6 o'clock Saturday evening.
The stranger did not come to the house,
but spoke to one of the ranchhands whom
he met a short distance from the door.
He told the man he was sick and needed
some whisKy to brace him up.
The man said he had plenty of monej'
and wouid give anything for a bottle of
whisky. When the rancher agreed to get
the whisky Dunham reached into his
pocket and pulled out a $20 piece and
handed it over. He, however, ?poke about
getting some change.
The rancher went to Madrone on horse
back and got the liquor. He returned at
midnight, and met Dunham by appoint
ment near the bouse on the Mcllrath
place. Dunham took the bottle and the
change, and then handed over $5 to the
rancher. In starting out he again went in
the direction of the McDermitt ranch.
After learning that Dunham had been
seen in that vicinity Wadams began an
investigation, and found fresh foot
prints of a man upon old trails, where
men seldom or never go either on foot or
on horseback.
The tracks were not regular, and some
of them were blurred as if made by a man
who had wrapped one of his feet up with
cloths, while the other print was made by
a shoe with a rather narrow toe.
The tracks were going and coming, as if
the man who made them had been back
and forth on the trail a great deal.
The tracKs were so uncertain and occa
sional on the hard trails that the searcher
could not be certain whether the man had
had both of his feet covered at times, and
at other times had worn his shoes witnout
any coverings.
Besides tne footprints there were some
queer marks on some of the trails that the
Investigator could not at first make out.
These marks were not continuous, and
it was afterward proved almost be
yond doubt that they were made
by a bicycle that was sometimes
carried and sometimes pushed along over
the trails where it was too steep and rough
to ride. It was also found that there were
bicycle tracks in the level places around
the region thereabouts.
This was considered strange, as a bicycle
is seldom seen in that rough, mountainous
region. The bicycle tracks are especially
distinct across several bridges in the San
r'elipe Valley.
They had attracted the attention of
Wadams, as being strange and unusual
before he heard anything about Dun
ham being in that vicinity or
even about that the murder and the search
that was being maae for h im. The. tracks
were always very wi-le, as made by a flat
lire or one that was extra larije.
Last Friday night at 12 o'clock Wadams
was on his way home from a dance in the
San Felipe schoolbouse. It was bright
moonlight, and when he crossed the bridge
he looked and made certain that there
were not any fresh bicycle tracks upon it.
At a very early hour the next morning
he had occasion to cross the same bridge
and he then discovered and traced the
mysterious bicycle tracks.
It was evident that the rider had passed
the bridge some time between midnight
and 3 o'clock in the morning.
From the San Feliie Valley, the cycler
might have ridden through to Hollister,
for there is a rough wagon road that the
ranchers use in going to that town.
This road is used for the procuring of
supplies as well as a road to Gilroy by way
ot Madrone.
After gaining all the information he
could Wadams came to his home at
SAN FRANCISCO* TUESDAY MORNING, JUNE 2, 1896.
The Return of the Sheriff's Posse to Smiths Creek After Its Last Fruitless Search for Dunham.
Santa Clara yesterday. He told Marshal
Lovell hia story, and the officer imme
diately made use of some information ;
■ regarding \ a bicycle that Dunham hat! kc
cured at Santa Clara the day before the
murder. The officer first learned of this
bicycle yesterday.
Dunham came to the Warwick Cyclery
that day and said he wanted an old ma
chine that he had of that make fitted up
with some strong wheels and tires.
He said if he got the materials he could
do the work himself. He secured the
wheels he wanted with some extra large
tires on them. These tires would make a
track of exactly the size that Wadams
said he had seen in the mountains.
Dunham did not say anything about his
intentions, but it would appear that he
was getting the wheel Into shape to have
a long, hard ride upon it in a rough
country. "•>
He wanted a lot of extra heavy spokes
to put into the wheel, and as there were
not enough of that kind at the Warwick
Cyclery he bought enough to rill out the
set at the cyclery kept by G. Mitchell.
No traces of this bicycle have since been
found, and the officers have no doubt that
it is the same one that Dnnham has since
used in the mountains.
How he got the wheel up there at the
same time as his horse is a mystery. Some
of the officers now believe that he has a
confederate, who is also a cycler, and who
may have taken the bike into the moun
tains and left it at some prearranged place
for Dunham.
The posse that was headed by Sheriff
Lyndon started shortly after 10 o'clock to
night in a three-seated rig.
It consists of Sheriff Lyndon, Sheriff
Ballon ana his bloodhounds, Deputy
I Sheriff Benson, Marshal Lovell and Wood
Wadamt, the young man who brought in
the* information.
Wadams knows every trail and gulch
and barbed- wire fence in the region where
Dunham was seen last, and he will be a
valuable aid in guiding the searching
party. ,■ '
MOTIVE FOR THE CRIME.
Positive Evidence That Dunham Sought
to Enrich Him Child.
BAN JOSE, Cal., June I.— The Call
correspondent has secured information to
night that turns the theory which has
been advanced as to a motive for the
murders into a positive fact if circumstan
tial evidence will prove anything.
It is learned that within a few days
James C. Dunham sought the advice of a
young lawyer of this city as to the rights
of an infant placed in a position such as
that in which he has placed his own.
He raised the hypothetical question
covering the case, and seemed much
pleased when the lawyer said: "Such a
child would inherit the whole estate."
The incident, which has not as yet been
reported to the Sheriff, has the greatest
significance, as snowing the remarkable
motive for this remarkable crime. It is
related by William H. Johnson, a young
attorney in the office of Lawyer John
Goss.
Mr. Goss was Dunham's counsel in a
proceeding which he instituted some
weeks ago against A. Penniman for the
foreclosing of a mortgage which Dunham
holds against a piece of land owned by
Penniman.
Dunham went to Goss' office on the day
of the carnival procession for the purpose
of viewing the pageant from the window.
Johnson took a seat in the window beside
him, and taking the opportunity, while
waiting the coining of the floral proces
sion, to gain the information he desired,
Dunham said :
"Suppose, Johnson, that a man married
into a rich family and had issue, and that
all the other members of the family died
Continued on Fourth Page.
CLEARING BODIES
FROM THE PLAIN,
Russia Trying to Efface the
Terrible Fatality at
Hodynsky.
FESTIVITIES NOW GO ON.
But the Peasants Are Using
Some Very Strong Language
in Public.
BRUTAL COSSACKS ARE SLAIN.
One Correspondent Estimates That
3600 Persons Were Killed in
the Awful Rush.
MOSCOW, Russia, June I.— Every effort
is being made to clear the Hodynsky Plain
of the dead upon it who lost their lives in
the disaster of Saturday. To-day a num
ber of bodies were found on the edges of
the plain and in the villages around. The
dead were injured and crawled until death
overtook them. The functions in connec
tion with the coronation festivities are
being given as though nothing had hap
pened. The pleasure resorts are open as
usual. Many of the mou jiks danced about
the beer casks while the dead were lying
around. 111 1 is stated that lar^e numbers
of the injured refused to go to the hos
pitals. The mob, subsequent to the dis
aster, callously stood by the corpses and
received the doles.
All the bodies of the victims were in
terred to-day. About half of the dead
were identified. Tne unclaimed dead
rilled eleven trenches, which were fifty
yards long. To-night the city and re
sumed its normal aspect, and a stranger,
unless told, would never for a moineut
imagine that only two days ago one of the
most frightful calamities that ever oc
curred In Russia had taken phice just out
side the city.
LONDON, Eire., June I.— The Standard's
Moscow correspondent estimates the num
ber of dead at 3600, besides 1200 injured,
who were taken to the hospitals. Most of
the injured, he says, will die.
The lower classes of the populace are in
tensely exasperated and language can be
beard on the streets that at other times
would cause the speakers to be severely
punished.
The correspondent adds that when the
police re-enforcements and Cossacks ar
rived on the plain Saturday morning, as is
customary with them when dealing with
the peasantry, they applied their whips
cruelly and needlessly, lashing the mou
jiks, who were en the outskirts of the
crowd. Two of the Cossacks were dragged
from their horses by the enraged sufferers
and killed. Eight gendarme* were caught
in the crowd, knocked down and suffo
cated.
WASHINGTON, D. C. June I.— Clifton
R. Breckenridge, United States Minister
at St. Petersburg, cabled the State Depart
ment to-day confirming dispatches from
the United .Press' special correspondent in
Moscow that no Americans were injured
in the terrible catastropheon the Hndynsky
Plain, This communication from Minis or
Breekenridsre appears to be tbe first notifi
cation he has given the State Department
of the great loss of life on tbe occasion,
and he has apparently been called out by
nquires from those in this country who
have friends in Moscow.
USING DYNAMITE AND TORCH.
Cuban Insurgents Burn the Town of
Jamaica and Wreck a Train Near
Sab an ilia.
HAVANA, Cuba, June I.— The entire
town of Jamaica, near Havana, has been
buined by the rebel band under the com
mand of the insurgent leader Castillo.
A part}' of rebels yesterday placed dyna
mite bombs upon the railway track near
Sabanilla, in the Matanzas province, which
were exploded by a repair train containing
a number of workmen.
The train was completely wrecked. The
engineer was killed and several workmen
injured. A band of rebels made an attack
upon the town of Santiago las Vegas, in
the province of Havana, to-day, but were
repulsed.
The rebel bands under Ansalmo and
Rodriguez entered the town of Puerta de
la Guira, south of the Drocha, yesterday,
and set fire to the place, burning every
building in the town.
KINGSTON, Jamaica, June I.— An un
known steamer, resembling the Laurada,
attempted to enter Fort Antonio to-day,
but was headed off by a Spanish gunbeat.
Shots were exchanged by the two vessels
and the steamer was using her guns as she
was running away.
OCALA, Fla., June I.— Fully 500 peo
ple assembled at the depot here to-day
to greet Consul-General Fitzhugh Lee on
his way to Cuba. On the arrival of
the train Colonel John M. Martin and
others entered the car and Drought
General Lee to the platform, where he was
introduced by Colonel Martin. R. A.
Burford extended to General Lee a wel
come to Florida soil, to which General
Lee made a happy response.
He hoped the dust of travel would be
out of his eyes by the time he got to Cuba,
and no more would be thrown into them.
It was a great pleasure to General Lee
and a delight to the people to meet the
distinguished soldier. Aftei responding
General Lee held a reception until the
train pnlied out.
SWIFT VENGEANCE OF A MOB.
Two Negroes Taken From Officers and
Swung Up in the Main Street
of a Georgia Town.
COLUMBUS, Ga., June I.— Two negroes
were hanged to a tree in the middle of
Broad street, the main business thorough
fare of this city, and riddled with bullets
by an infuriated mob at 10 o'clock this
morning. They were Jesse Slayton and
Willis Miles.
Last Thursday Slayton assaulted Mrs.
Howard Bryan, a respectable white woman
of this county. He was captured and
placed in jail before the crowd looking for
him found him. He was taken to the
Superior Court room for trial.
He had been indicted and a jury was be
ing impaneled when a mob rushed up the
steps of the courtroom, seized the terrified
man, threw a rope around his neck and
dragged him a hundred yards down Broad
street, riddling his body with bullets. The
body was then swung up to a tree and left
dangling there.
The c owd then went to the jail after
Miles, another negro, who about two
years ago attempted to assault Miss
All bright of this city. The jailer
pleaded with the mob, but to no avail,
I and was compelled to surrender Miles
i to save his life and the jail from destruc
! lion. He surr^nderT 1 ♦he keys and the
doomed mar was- had ■ ..;iore the body of
Slaytoti dangled. Miles was quickly swung
up and his body filled with bullets.
FOUGHT A PUBLIC DUEL
In a Fight Growing Out of a Runaway
Marriage One Man Was
Killed.
LEBANON, Ind., June I.— At 9 o'clock
this morning Thomas Allen, a wealthy
stock-dealer, and Walter Itiley, a promi
nent citizon, encaged in a duel in front of
the postoflice. Riley was instantly killed,
an;l Allan's son, who was sitting in his
lather's carriage, was seriously injured.
The tratredy was the result of a runaway
marriage between Allen's son, aged 17, and
Riley's daughter, aged 24. With the as
sistance of a friend, who swore that the
boy's age was 21, they secured a license
&v.d were married last Saturday morning.
When Allen learned of the marriage he
was very wroth. This reached the ears of
Riley, and he went gunning for Allen. He
found him in front of the postoftice and
opened fire on him. Alien jumped from
his carriage and tired, killing Riley in
stantly. Yoang Allen will probably re
cover. Great excitement prevails here.
Allen is in jail. He claims that he acted
in self-defense.
ATTACK ON THE OREGON
Concealed Plates Alleged to Ec
Used to Bolster Up the
Deck.
Dissatisfied Employes Cause an Inves
tigation by the Navy Depart
ment
WASHINGTON, D. C, June I.— Certain
alleged defects in the construction of the
battle-ship Oregon have been investigated
by the Navy Department.
It is said that contract requirements
have not been fully met as to the thickness
of plates used in making ut) the protective
deck, and that the deck has been made to
appear to be of proper thickness by using
concealed plates in the body of the deck.
It further appears that these defects
have been called to the attention of the
department by dissatisfied employes of
the contractors, but that the latter have
promised to remedy the defects.
NOT INFORMED.
Chief Engineer Forsyth and Secretary
Ounn.of the Iron Works Say They
Know Xathing of Alleged Defects.
Robert Forsyth, chief engineer of the
Union Iron Works, when asked last night
as to the report stated that he knew noth
ing about the matter.
J. 08. Gunn, secretary of the Union
Iron Works, expressed great indignation
at being called out of bed upon any such
subject. He said that he had not beard
anything about the subject and knows
nothing about it, and would not discuss
the matter.
The Oleomargarine Act Holds.
WASHINGTON. D. C, June I.— The
District Court of Appeals handed down an
opinion to-day sustaining the constitu
tionality of the oleomargarine act.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
McNAB'S COUP
WITH MAGUIRE.
The Junta Holds a Fourth
District Convention
by Stealth.
IT WAS TO TRICK THE
BUCKLEYITES.
They Nominated Maguire to
"Square" Themselves and
Steal Thunder.
TWO ANTI-A. P. A. RESOLUTIONS
ADOPTED.
The Call Was Issned at Night aaft
Tramps Dropped One by One
From McNab's Sleeve.
The Junta Btate Convention delegates
from the Fourth District, captained by
Gavin McNab, jumped suddenly out from
a dark place last night, heid a hurried Con
gressional convention, nominated .James
G. Maguire and skipped back with a de
risive "Ha! ha!" for the Buckieyites,
whom they had got ahead of.
The unusual bit of strategy by which a
snap Congressional convention was held
surreptitiously two weeks before the State
Convention was a piece of Gavin McNab's
brilliant craftiness.
The move was the direct result of the
turning down of Maguire for delegate-at
large to Chicago the other day at McNab's
behe3t. McNab was bound to oppose Ma«
quire, because he is a silver ana anti-rail
road man and an enemy of Daegett.
Maguire, who has declared from the
start that the Buckley organization was
the legal and regular one, has been idol
ized by the Buckieyites, and he has besn
one of their biggest trumps. The Junta
has recognized the prestige their rivals
have gained through Maguire's stand, and
they could not afford to strengthen that
prestige by boldly kicking Maguire out.
They know that Maguire is too strong
and popular ior them to oppose. It was
&een that the turning of him down for
dtlegate-at-large would hurt their cause by
the prejudice it would produce.
Knowing that in spite of them Maguire
would be the Democratic nominee. McNab
planned th<» coup which was to gather Ma
gnire to the bosom of the Junta.
This would neutralize the recent throw
ing down. Gavin beard, too, that the
Buckieyites were going to declare for
Maguire for Congress this week. To get
ahead of them would be stealing their
thunder. Hence the convention was
called quickly and secretly, that the Buck
ieyites might not get in a nomination first.
Maguire was not consulted at all,
The Congressional convention was made
a side trick in local politics. Whether the
nomination amounts to anything much or
not depends upon whether or not the
Junta delegation is seated at Sacramento.
The call for the convention was signed
by Chairman Sullivan and Secretary Mc-
Govern of the campaign committee. The
call proceeded from Boss McNab.
The notices were posted on Sunday
night at 1 a. m. by John Cunningham, and
the secret that a Congressional convention
was to be held in the Fourth District was
carefully guarded.
So it came to pass that at 8:30 o'clock
last nis:ht Alex. T. Vogelsang was elected
chairman of a body of nice-looKine men
and others who came to order in the
Junta headquarters in the Flood buildings
Secretary McGovern discovered the pres
ence of sixty-five of seventy-six delegates.
Gavin McNab was alert. Chairman Sulli
van sat in a corner. Sam Braumhart
stood at the fireplace. George T. Ma rye
was lucKily there to settle a conflict be
tween anti-A. P. A. resolutions. E. B.
Pond, Elliott McAllister, Senator Jonn
Fay, James Denman and a few other
"high joints" sat in silence.
Chairman Vogelsang declared the first
business to be the nomination of a candi
date for Congress.
Jeremiah V. Coffey, nephew of Judge
Coffey, at once offered a typewritten anti-
A. P. A. resolution, briefly insisting that
it be considered first.
Chairman Vogelsanlg insisted on the
order of business and Clitas Harbour
came to the front.
"Some twenty years ago," he began, "a
sturdy young lad was hammering iron iv
one of the counties below here and lor the
last twenty years he has been hammering
monopolies."
He mentioned -'the Honorable James G.
Maguire," and there came light and very
decorous applause. The nominator said,
"natural, louical and inevitable nominee,-'
"able, honest and faithful," "National
reputation," "laurel of glory, .' and "silver
lining that appears in the dark cloud."
P. J. Tomalty and George T. Marye
briefly seconded the nomination.. McNab
moved that nominations c!o«e, and ' the
secretary was instructed to cast, etc. ■• ■
The chairman announced the operation
with "an infinite degree of satisfaction,"
whereat the gentle and decorous applause .
was repeated. ■ • ■ '..
Then voting Mr. Coffey called up his
anti-A. P. A. resolution, which Secretary;
McGovern read as follows: . "•'..■.
Since it oas become notorious that an organi
zation has sprung from some dark and foul ' '
source, endeavoring to foster religious strife '.
among our people by proscribing adherents of ■ .
a. certain church from participation in the . '
civil and polities! affairs of the country of • '
which they are citizens, it is right and expedi- •■■:
ent that "the Democracy of this State and
Union should clearly define its relation to this '
I falsely so-called '"American Protective Associ
ation" and declare its determined opposition,
to the principles, plans, purposes and poll-cies ' :
of such pernicious psrtirs. .
The Democracy has always held it. as a prfc
mnl principle of patriotism that the founda- ■
tlon of this constitutional Union has been laid
in and its prosperity, expansion and prerC-mi
nent example in free government, built ••
upon entire freedom in matters of re
ligious concernment, and no respect of . .
person in regard to rank or place .of ',
birth, no party can justly be deemed .
national, constitutional or in accordance
with American principles, which bases its ex- '
elusive organization up religious opinions arid
accidental birthplace. Such parties, organiza- . '
tions and associations, no matter how lofty
their patriotic pretensions, are the deadly
enemies of free institutions; .and we here
denounce the cowardice and profligacy
of the late Republican Convention ia
having been dominated and animated2
■■-■■■
by this malign spirit of proscription
and persectftion which, purloining the plum
fcge of "patrjotism," begins by denying the
•first tenet ot American liberty — freedom to
worship God— anil proposes to punish religious
reliefs which it does not share by ue
priving those who rmici them not only oi
their- political privileges, but of the
' natural rijjht of earning tluir .subsist
ence in the fields ot legitimate labor.
We denounce further the action of the late
Republican State Convention in having formed
. a meretricious alliance with this Jezebel of
politics, which is conspiring to raise false
'■issues' to befog the ignorant and mislead the
unthinking at the very time when all the truly
conservative forces of" the land are needed to
. act in unison for the good of our common
country.
Sui-h. principles and purposes as are pos
sessed and professed by this combination in a
deßradingaffiliatiou cannot be harbored by any
political organization without forfeiting the
confidence of the people, and we submit to the
candid judgment of our fellow-citizens, irre
spective ot" past party connection, wlietner
taey shall ratify by their suffrages this cor
rupt and loathesomo conspiracy against natu
ral right, against domestic peace aud against
the constitution, which was irttmeci "to estab
lish justice, to insure tranquillity, to promote
the general welfare, and to secure the bless
iugs of liberty to ourselves and our posterity,
and which guarantees to tvery citizen tue free
exercise of the religion of his choice, w huh
protects the rights of conscience and prohibits
forever the requirement of a religious test as
a -qualification to any office or public trust.
The liberal principles embodied by Thomas •
Jefferson in the Declaration of Independence,
and sanctioned in the constitution, which |
make America the land of liberty and the I
asylum of the oppressed of every nation, have
everbee-i cardinal dogmas of the Democratic
creed, anl every attempt to abridge the pres
ent privilege of becoming citizens by re
stricting the Immigration of the indus
trious and worthy Oi foreign lands we con
demn as a revival of the spirit which
for a time imposed upon the statute books the
alien and seditious acts which our ancestors^
resolutely resisted aud repealed, and at the
same time we heartily approve all legitimate
efforts to protect the country from an invasion
by professional paupers and convicts; and we
demand the rigid and continuous enforcement
of the laws aeai':st Mongolian immigration
and the importation of foreign workmen to
degrade American labor and lessen its wages,
for we invite none hither except the free ana
.voluntary and assimilable members of our
common race.
McNab was on his feet when the read
■ ing ended and quickly offered a resolution
.of his 'own, saying that he had drawn it
. with the thought of getting it into the
. State .platform" He argued that his
briefer resolution covered the issue in a
style befitting a State platform, while Mr.
Coffey's would afford a number of planks.
The resolution was as follows:
That the delegates from the Fourth
Congressional District favor the adoption of
the following plank in the platform of the
Mate Convention:
The Democratic party,, loyal to tne princi
■■: Americanism established by the
; r> of tbe Republic, (rod true to the
words and spirit of the American Con
stitution, declares its opposition to the
introduction of any religious test Into
our poll til :.l system, an>l announces its opposi
tion to what i* known e.s the American I'ro
' .tec tive Association, and to all other proscrip
tive religious-political organizations.
"It is not becoming or dignified in a
Democratic convention," Mr. McNab
lurther agued, "to se> construct the recital
of its principles that the public may think
that it adopted its principles not because |
they are inherently right, but because a
Republican convention had done some
thing or other."
Gavin then proceeded td vigorously urge
a special reason for adopting auti-A. P. A.
resolutions. The occasion offered the
speaker a chance to again defend himself
from the charge of sympathy and affilia
tion with A. P. A. 'a ami to get back at the
Democrats who continually charge him
with having negotiated A. P. A. indorse
ments for his friends in the last campaign.
"There arft men in San Francisco," he
declared, "who are going about denounc
ing this man and that man as A. P. A.'s
when they aie not, that they may get
some petty, beggarly advantage. We have
iound them even in this organization ac
cusing leaditc members in. this way.
While the A. P. A. exists this is some
thing that decent men will be forced to
feel."
Tbe argument was that the A. P. A.
should be clowned, that men. innocent of
affiliations with it could not longer be in
jured thus by unscrupulous enemies. lie
■ thought his "resolution most likely to find
its way into a State platform.
'•• John Foley, who is a candidate for State
. Senator or anything, seconded both reso
lutions with strong Voice and much Amer
ican history.
George T. Marye, who had been looking |
. over iioth resolutions, briefly put a sugges- j
tion that went.
"We all subscribe to every word in both !
resolutions," he said, "and I therefore
move that we adopt both, using Mr. Cof
fey's as preamble."
There was instant and cordial assent and
it was so.
. McNab had set his tongue with a hair
trigger, and that no fool might get in
something to spoil his programme, he
shouted as quickly as the chairman ended
his parliamentary declaration, "Mr, Chair
man, I move that this convention do now
adjourn."
C'litus Barbour bobbed up with an
anti-funding resolution which he wanted
to offer, and McNab withdrew his motion
for that purpose only. The resolution |
quickly went through when it was read as I
follows:
We are opposed to the fundine of the debts
due the Government from the Pacilic rail
roads. We demand that they be proceeded
against by foreclosure and sale, and if the up-
Bet price is not bid by any other purchaser we
demand that the Government bid in the prop
erties and operate them for the public benefit,
and we ask that our delegates to the National
Convention be instructed to labor for a declar
ation of similar tenor in our National plat
form.
An adjournment sine die quickly fol
lowed and McNab was relieved and gayly
triumphant.
Democrats could not last night recall
another Congressional convention in this
State which had been held on a few hours'
warning on notice sent out in the small
hours of the night with a "Sh! sh!" to
everybody concerned. Most oi the dele
gates didn't learn of the "convention"
until last evening.
The way in which McNab stole forth in
the darkness with his moccasin tread and
suddenly pouncing on the unsuspecting
Maguire declared him nominated for
.Congress was hitrhly amusing to many.
If the entire Junta delegation should
be seated at Sacramento and the Bncsley
delegation wholly shut out this affair of
last night would thus be made the regu
lar Democratic Congressional Convention
of the Fourth District and no second.one
would be held.
Should it turn out that way McNab's
Congressional convention would become
historical. McNab created it and when
tbe right instant arrived McNab ended it.
But Gavin is elated at having out
tricked the Buckleyites in the Fourth
Congressional District. It is a forcible re
minder of the way we used to play
"poison" when we were kids.
McNab was afraid that if it leaked out
that the Junta Democrats of the Fourth
Congressional District were going to nom
inate Maguire they would send out run
tiers and hold a convention before supper
time. He was also afraid that if people
knew about it something in conflict with
his programme would be worked up.
hut McNab accomplished two things
last night. He "squared" tbe Junta as far
as it could be done for sitting down on
Maguire as unworthy to represent the
party in its National council, and he got
in another defense of himself against the
A. P. A. charges against him.
He also demonstrated his ability as a
political leader and his possession of those
qualities of a true boss that mak<* men
follow him. This coup is thought likely
to strengthen him in the party and to aid
him in his reaching for control of the
State Central Committee for himself,
Daggett and Gould. A leader who can
shake a trump like that out of his sleeve
at the right instant will be recognized as
the one to lead the party to sublime
victory.
POPULIST DOINGS.
They Will Ride With Silver Men and
Have Their Blgr City
Pavilion.
Tie California Populists and free-silver
men have made a combination, and one
that is quite far-reaching.
It is not tbe kind of a combination that
has been and will be looked for, however.
They have combined only on the trip to
their respective National conventions,
which will convene in St. Louis on July
22 and the combination reaches that dis
tance. The two delegations will go together
with their friends in a sp< cial train.
The special train will be adapted to its
purpose and the wants behind it, as special
trains generally are. It will be composed
partly of nice, clean, comfortable tourist
sleepers, in which the berths will cost $0
for the trip one way in addition to the
round-trip fare of $67*50. It is quite likely
that there will be one or two first-class
Pullman sleepers with silver-plated fixings,
and with berths at $1">, for some of the sil
ver men and possibly fome of the Popu
lists, who may not be satisfied with tounst
car simplicity. The train is expected to
make pretty good time. It will probably
go over the Central route to Pueblo and
thence over the Missouri Pacific. It will
be decorated with wild flowers and there
will be no carload of wine.
The Populists are going to have their big
pavilion on that belittered rhomboid on
Market street, opposite the City Hall,
where the toboggan-cars used to run. It
will be one of the features of the camuaien.
The special committee of the County Ex
ecutive Committee, of which Chairman E.
8. Barney is a member, has leased one lot,
50x100 feet in size, and expect to get soon
an adjoining piece of similar size. About
$1000 will be spent on a big pavilion that,
like the Jewish Tabernacle, will have
walls and a tent roof. The sides will be of
corrugated iron, the kinks, however, hav
ing no significance. There will be a can
vas roof, seats for 3000 or more people and
rooms for county and State headquarters,
etc.- This big party headquarters and
rallying-place is estimated to cost about 20
cents per San Francisco Populist, and it
will be paid for by popular contributions
and assessments.
The State Executive Committee of the
People's party will meet to-morrow to or
ganize, to do something about the three
Congressional campaigns about to open,
to make arrangements about the St. Louis
trip, and so on.
The Populists are undecided what to do
about making a Congressional nomination
in the Fourth District. They admire and
respect Maguire and indorse his official
course in most respects, but he is not a
Populist. Many are waiting to see what
he says about the party's platform. There
is a disposition on the part of many lead
ers who are not radical "middle-of-the
road" Populists to help elect "the best
man" in cases where they have no chance
to win, and it is likely "that this will be
done in Maguire's case. They will not in
dorse him in that event, but will simply
make no nomination.
The local Populists are much divided or
are on the fence regarding the new char
ter. The party will probaply not deal
wi;h it but leave it to individual judg
ments.
T. V. Cator, the party nominee for
United States Senator, has been heiping
oat the Populist campaign in Oregon.
ADDRESSED BY MAGUIRE
Graduates of the National Law
School Receive a Most
Intellectual Treat.
Natural Justice Does More in Guiding
the Courts Than the Written
Statutes.
WASHINGTON, D. C, June I.—Repre
sentative Maguire addressed the graduates
of the National Law School of Washing
ton to-night, and after congratulating
them upon having happily and success
fully closed the first great period in their
professional careers, and speaking of tbe
achievements and honors open to them,
he said:
"Tnat knowledge is power may be more
truly said of the legal profession than of
any other. The function of a lawyer is
not the simple clerical wort of finding the
statute as it is written, bur, the determina
tion of ito true and rightful application to
the unforeseen complications of fact, in
each of the infinitely varying cases arising
under it.
"Do not imagine for a moment," he
said, "that legal principle and legal reason
have lost any of their importance through
the substitution of written statutes for the
common law. Tbe principles of legal in
terpretation having for their foundation
natural justice between man and man
must now, as under the common law,
guide the courts of our land in the appli
cation of statutes to conflicts arising
among men.
"All statutes were presumed to have
; been passed for the purpose of more per
fectly establishing justice, and upon that
presumption courts resolved doubts con
cerning the meaning of statutes in favor of
human liberty, human equality and natu
ral justice."
He advised the graduates to make a
profession and not a business of law, and
to make faithful interpretation of the law
their primary purpose and money-getting
their secondary purpose. He said this
will bring both honor and wealth; the
other may bring wealth, but not honor.
He characterized the money-getting law
yers as "priests of Mammon, falsely offici
ating in the temple of Justice."
In closing he said as a resnit of his ex
perience and observation that more uni
versal good will exists among lawyers
than in any other profession, and assured
the graduates that everywhere the real
lawyers of the country will be found
ready to assist rather than retard them ir.
the accomplishment of their ambitions.
Judge Maguire was loudly applauded
and was presented with a handsome
basket of roses from the students.
Among the post-graduates receiving de
grees were M. F. Odonogue and Morris
Bien of San Francisco.
Of Interest to the Pacific Coast.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Juno 1.-A post
office was to-day established at Minneola,
San Bernardino County. Frank C. Lath
rop was appointed postmaster. Charles
C. Weiss was to-day appointed postmaster
at Palms, Los Angeles County, vice Joseph
Curtis, resigned.
Pensions have been granted as follows:
California: Original — John Anderson,
Alameda. Original— Charles N. Brown,
Fort Bidwell. Increase— William Ogden,
Soldiers' Home, Los Angeles.
Oregon: Original — Michael Gubbins,
Baker City; John Fisher, Beaverton.
Restoration and increase— Samuel Wer
ner, Fulton. Original widows — Addie
Whitney, Portland. Restoration— Edward
Kehrein, The Dalles.
Washington: Original — Joseph Pavette,
Spokane; Henry C. Sniff, Walla Walla.
Increase— George P. Wood, Roy. Original
widow— Esther M. Cowden, Seattle.
Minister Front Costa Rica.
WASHINGTON, D. C, June I.— Senor
Don Joaquin Hernardo Calvo presented to
President Cleveland to-day his credentials
as Minister to the United States from
Costa Rica Senor Calvo has been sta
tioned here for a number of years, and
since April, 1893, has been Charge d'Af
faires, his Government not being repre
sented here by a Minister during that
period. Senor Calvo is well known in
Washington, and is very popular here.
He was accompanied to the White House
by Secretary Olney.
Treasury Gold Reserve.
WASHINGTON, D. C, June I.— The
treasury gold reserve at the close of busi
ness to-day stood at $106,773,086. To-day's
withdrawals were $Gj2,400.
THE SAX FRAXCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JUNE 2, 189 G.
LAVIGNE BESTS
RICHARD BURGE.
Lively Fighting Before the
National Sporting
Club.
IN SEVENTEEN ROUNDS.
Heavy Punching From the Start
That Greatly Delighted the
Britishers.
''KID" MAKES THE ETJSHES.
Plucky Work That Causes the Knock
out of England's Lightweight
Champion.
LONDON, England, June I.— The match
between Kid Lavigr.e and Dick Burge, the
light weight champion of England, was
fought to-night at the National Sporting
Club, and resulted in a victory for Lavigne
in the seventeenth round.
I Burge scaled 136 pounds and Lavigne
134. The Englishman was a cood favorite
at odds of 7to 4 on. The fight was for the
international lightweight championship of
the world, a purse of $3500 'and a side bet
of $2500.
In the first round Lavigne made a dash
at his opponent and landed heavily on his
body. He tried the same tactics the aec
ond time, but Burge dodged and Lavigne
went headlong against a post, striking his
face and injuring himself badly. This,
however, did not prevent him forcing the
fighting, and he rushed again at Burge
and rapidly landed several blows on his
body. Burge was driven against the
ropes. Thereafter he traveled all over the
ring, meeting several rushes ingooa style,
but was kept very busy in defending him
self.
In the second round Lavigne resumed
his rushing, buc Burge held him off and
dodged cleverly. Then both became cau
tious and neither did any scoring for some
time. Then Burge landed heavily with
his right and left on Lavigne's eye and
mouth, the latter responding with heavy
body blows.
In the third round Burge assumed the
offensive and ianded several times on
Lavigne's face, but his blows lacked force
and did no harm. Then Lavigne began
again to cut out the work and punished
Burge severely on the chest and other
parts of the body. He then aimea a blow
at Burge's head and missed him, and his
sparring then became wild and he received
a couple of blows in the face.
There were a series of great rallies in
the fourth round, which ended in Burge's
favor. The supporters of the English
champion were now jubilant at the pros
pects of their favorite.
In the fifth round Burge was cautioned
for holding to Lavigne. Fast fighting fol
lowed and Burge was still improving.
In the sixth round Lavigne forced the
fighting, pressing his rival to the ropes
and putting in several heavy blows.
In the seventh and eighth rounds
neither man had much advantage.
Burge came up very cool i:i the ninth
round and repeatedly jabbed his opponent
severely.
At the beginning of the tenth the fight
ing was very fast, Lavigne driving the En
glishman to the ropes. Burge worked* all
around the ring, dodging Lavigne's
rushes. Eventually the Englishman
landed with terrific force on Lavigne's ear.
Rapid exchanges followed.
There were fast exchanges in the
eleventh round, but neither man had much
advantage.
The twelfth was slightly in Lavigne's
favor. Pie landed first but was well coun
tered. This round was fast and exciting.
At the end of the round both men sprawled
upon the floor.
Lavigne renewed his rushing in the
thirteenth round, but was weil met. The
round was hotly contested, but Lavigne
finished the best.
In the fourteenth round Burge led the
attack, but fell short. The "Kid" failed
to rush, but in his second attempt he
landed twice on Burge's ribs. The ex
changes were then much slower than in
the previous round. Just before the end
of the round Burge landed an ugly blow
on his opponent' 3 arm, which caused him
to wince.
In the fifteenth the men were frequently
locked and there were some heavy ex
changes. Burge drove his opponent's arm
very low. The supporters of Lavigne
claimed a foul, but it was not allowed.
At the beginning of the sixteenth round
T ?vigne made a furious rush at the
ii/ikiisbman, but missed hin; and slipped
through the rope 3. Burge awaited his re
turn to the ring. After this Burge was
knocked down, and when he got on his
feet he was very groggy. Later he slipped,
but recovered himself and was again
knocked down.
In the seventeenth and last round Burge
acted on the defensive and recovered
some, but the "Kid" cut out the pace at a
tremendous rate. His body blows began
to tell. Burge stubbornly resisted until
he was knocked down by a long right
handed blow, falling face downward. The
Englishman was counted out and Referee
Angle declared Lavigne the winner.
The fight was exciting throughout, but
with the exception of one or two rounds,
Burge never looked like a winner. The
fight he put up surprised everybody, as he
was thought to have a soft thing.
ON EASTERN RACETRACKS.
1 i;r Favorite* Ifin at the St. Louis
Meeting.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., June I.— This was a
profitable day to backers of form, as five
favorites and a good second choice picked
up the purses. The track was slow, scratches
numerous and the attendance below 3000.
Six furlongs, Cherry Stone won, Blaze
Duke second, Shooting Star third. Thau,
1 :17^.
Five furlongs, Jack B B won, Estaca second,
Lincoln third. Time. 1:04.
Six furlongs, trap. King Gold won, Panjan
drum second, Nicolinl third. Time, 1:\7%.
Seven iurlongs, Captive won, Barbarosa sec
ond, Romance third. Time, 1:30.
One mile and seventy yards, Bing Ulnger
won, Royal Choice second, Muskalouge third.
Time, 1:48' i.
Seven ana a half furlongs, Chiswell wen,
Amelia May second, Favonne third. Time,
1:37';.
CHICAGO, 111., June I.— Pinehback and
Terrific were the only favorites to win nt
Lakeside to-day. Kloroy and Lollie Eastin
won their races after hard drives through
the stretch.
Five and a half furlongs, Teranges won, MU
dred D second, Minnie Miller third. Time,
1:113*.
Hah a mile, Terrific won, Adrlenne second,
Nannie Dunn third. Time, -51%
Half a mile, Clematis won, lorn Anderson
second, Goden Tide third. Time, :5V^.
Match race, one mile. Bip Strive won, Water
man second. Time, I:46s£
Eight and a half furlongs, Eloroy won. Con
stant second, Mamie Q third. Time, I :slV£.
Six furlongs, Pinehback won, Martna R sec
ond, Dr. France third. Time, I:l6}£.
Six furlongs, Lollie Eastin won, Anna Mayes
second, Helen Wren third. Time. 1:16.
CINCINNATI, Ohio, June I.— Only one
favorite won at Oakley to-day. The fifth
race was declared off on account of
scratches.
Five furlongs, Rosinante won, Ethel Lee sec
ond, Scarfpin third. Time, l:01 3 i.
Seven furlongs, Judge Baker won. Crusader
second, Clissie H third. Tim 3, 1:28%.
Four and a half furlongs, Viscouui won, Red
second, Ulvmpus third. Time, :sti.
O.ie mile and seventy yards, Braingirdle
won, Jake Zimmerman second, Simon W third.
Time, 1:40.
Seven furlongs, Jamrs Monroe won, Anna
M second, Yellow Rose third. Time, 1:284.
ON THE BALL FIELD.
Cincinnati Checks Philadelphia's Streak
of Victories.
PHILADELPHIA, Pa., .June I.—Cin
cinnati checked Philadelphia's streak of
wins this afternoon by better all-round
playing. The fielding of the visitors was
superb. Attendance 7886. Score:
Philadelphtas 220 000000-4 7 2
Cincinnati 5 ........... ...1 001 00 3 0-8 la 0
Batteries— Orth and Clements, Fisticr and
Vaughn. Umpire— Hurst,
BALTIMORE, Jld., June I.— A large
element of luck, aided by the worst exhi
bition of fielding seen here for many days
by the visitors, gave the champions to
day's contest. The feature was a light
ning triple play by Beckley and Merritt
that set the spectators wild with enthusi
asm. Score:
Baltimores .0 1211 00 4 *— 9 11 2
Plttsburgs 000002301-6 13 8
Batteries— Ksper and Robinson, Foreman and
Sugden. Umpires— Keefe and Weidman.
BROOKLYN, N. V., June I.—Breiten
stein lacked speed to-day and the Brook
lyns pounded him for a total of 32 bases.
.The Brooklyns played in a listless manner.
A wild throw to the plate by Corcoran
raved the visitors from a shutout. Score:
Brooklyns 3 2 0 0 2 0 4 4 •— ls 18 2
St. Louis 0 2 0000—2 8 8
Batter es— Abbey and Grim, Breitenstein and
McFarlaud. Umpire— Sheridan.
WASHINGTON, D. C, June I.— Patsy
Tebeau's league leaders were made to taite
second position in the race for the pennant
to-day because Joyce's team outplayed
them and won in a Garrison finish. Score:
Washlngtons.. 10 00 0 100 3—5 10 1
Clevelands 21000 00 0 o—3 10 1
Batteries— Maul and McGuire, Cuppy and dim
mer. Umpire— Kmalie.
NEW YORK, N. V., June I.— The
Chicagos could not find the ball to-day,
and -were easily disposed of by the New
Yorks. Irwin's men hit Friend rather
hard, and as he received poor support in
the bargain, the runs were plentiful. The
fielding of the local team was superb.
Anson signed Fred Pfeffer this morning,
and he played his first game with his old
love this afternoon. Score:
New yorks .....0 20 2 10 0 5 •— lO 9 1
C'hicacos 001101000—3 7 5
Batteries— Doheny and Wilson, Friend and Kit
tredge. Umpire— Henderson.
BOSTON, Mass., June I.— Boston, by
bunching hits and bases on balls to better
advantage than Louisville, won to-day.
The visitors played piuckily, but the pitch
ing was poor. Attendance 2143. Score:
Bostons 00214430*— 14 13 6
Louisvillea 0 3000 50 13 5
Batterles*-S!ivetts, Tenny and Ganzell; Smith
and .Miller. Umpire— Lynch.
fiviffo Defeats Tonkins.
BROOKLYN, N. V., June I.— Younc
Griffo, the Australian, defeated Sam Ton
kins of Astoria in a ten-round bout at the
South Brooklyn Athletic Club to-night.
Tonkins gave the Australian an argument,
but the "feather was in good form and
outpointed his man easily. The two other
bouts provided pood sport. Harry Fisher
of Brooklyn ami Jack R»-a/i of Ireland
fought a fast ten-round draw. Solly Smith
of Los Angeles and "Doily" Lyons of New
York were the principals in the second
bout. The referee called the bout a draw,
but Smith led nearly all the work and
should have got the decision.
Big Tool Match Arranged.
NEW YORK, N. V., June I.— Alfred O.
de Oro of Havana, having won at Pitts
burg the championship of the world at
pool, together with the golden challenge
emblem from William Clearwater, has
acreed to play a match with Grant Ehy of
Springfield. Ohio, in this city, June 11. 12
and 13. The contest will consist of GOO
balls up, in blocks of 200 points per night,
and will be for a stake of $500, the chal
lenge trophy and the net box-office re
ceipts.
Won by One Hird.
CHICAGO, 111., June I.— lntroductory
to the annual shoot of the Illinois Sports
men's Association, which begins to-mor
row at Watson's Park, Burnside, Fred
Gilbert of Spirit Lake, lowa, holder of the
Dul'ont trophy, and G. L. Deiter of Mil
waukee, champion of Wisconsin, shot a
challenge match to-day. Deiter grassed
Si birds and Gilbert 83.
Royal Yacht Races.
LONDON, Esq., June I.— The races of
the Royaf Harwich Yacht Club were sailed
to-day. The weather was bright and clear
and the wind from the southeast. The
race for the large raters was won by the
Britannia. The Ailsa won the second
prize and the Satanita was third.
GIFT OF THE SENATORS.
An Elaborate Solid Silver Ser
vice Presented to Miss
Stevenson.
The Vice.President's Daughter to Be
come the Wife of the Rev. Mr.
Hardin To-Day.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jnne I.— An
elaborate soiiu silver service adjorned the
center-table of the President's room in tne
Capitol to-day, where it was privately
viewed by the Senators. It ia their gift to
Miss Julia Stevenson, daughter of Vice-
President Stevenson, who ia to be married
to-morrow evening to Key. Mr. Hard in of
Kentucky. The service consists of a large
aiiver salver, teapot, hot water-pot, sugar
bowl, cream-jug, tea-caddy and refuse
bowl, upon each of which is Mis* Steven
son's monopram and the inscription that
it ia the gift of the United States Ssnators
to her on the occasion of her marriage.
The presentation of this appropriate
remembrance was made to Miss Stevenson
at the Hotel Normandy this evening by
Senators Morrill and Harris, the oldest
members respectively on the Republican
and Democratic sides of the chamber.
Miss Stevenson in a few well-chosen
words accepted the Senators' present.
The gift was presented with the following
letter:
Washington, D. C, June 1, 1896.
Dear Mts» Stevenson: In view of your ap
proaching marriage tho members of the
United States Sonate were prompted to make
you k bridal present as ft token of their per
sonal regard for tho daughter of the Vice-Presi
•lent, mid tho undersigned were designated in
behalf of the Senate to present it for your ac
ceptance, as it is our great pleasure now to do.
This silver tea service is of American silver
inrt of American handiwork. Permit us to
offer in addition our cordial congratulations.
Very sincerely yours, Justin S. Morrill,
jMi.v.M M. Harris.
VARIED WORK
BEFORE CONGRESS,
No Agreement Yet Reached
on Appropriations for
Indians.
RIGHTS OF CITIZENSHIP.
Opposition to Its Proposed Ex
tension to the Five Civil
ized Tribes.
THAT HISTORICAL FRIEZE.
Argument on the Bill to Prohibit
Issuance of Interest-Bear
ing Bonds.
WASHINGTON, D. C, June I.— The
conference report on the Indian appro
priation bill was discussed for a couple of
hours to-day, but again went over without
action. The question that has been so
much debated in the Senate for nearly a
week past is the proposition in that report
to impose duties and rights of citizenship
on the Indians of the five civilized tribes,
it being claimed by the Senators opposed
to it that it is a violation of the treaty with
those Indians.
The report itself i 3 only a partial one,
the conference not having agreed upon the
proposed temporary continuance of con
tract schools for Indian children.
A joint resolution appropriating $6000
for the completion of tho historical frieze
in the rotunda of the Capitol provoked a
discussion in which Hawley of Connecti
cut criticized the painting, both for what
it represented <md for what it failed to
represent, President Cleveland being in
the first class and the surrender of Ap
pomattox in the other. Finally objection
was made by Wilson of Washington to the
consideration of the resolution, and it
went over without action.
The conference report on the fortifica
tion bill was presented and agreed to.
The private pension bill which was ve
toed by the President lasr week because of
the misdescription of the soldier's regi
ment was reported to-day with tais mis
take corrected and was passed.
Another veto of a private pension bill
was presented to-day. It was the case of
a renewal of a pension to the widow of a
soldier in the Mexican war after she had
married a second time, thirty-five years
ago, and forfeited her pension. The mes
saee and bill were* referred to the Corn
nii:teo on Pensions.
The bill to prohibit the further issuance
of interest-bearing bonds without the con
sent of Congress was taken up at 2 o'clock.
An argument was made against it by Cul
lom of Illinois, who declared that the con
sequences of its pussane would be so far
reaching as to be simply appaliing, but that
there was no dancer of its passage by the
House of Representatives. The bill was ad
vocated by Brown of Utah, in connection
witu a resolution offered by himself to
day declaring that "in the opinion of
the Senate the Secretary of the Treasury
has no authority under the act of January
14, 1875, to issue any further or other bonds
in addition to those already issued, and
that any such bonds that may hereafter
be issued by him would be without the
authority of law and void.
The bill went over without action, and
at 5:55 o'clock the Senate adjourned until
to-morrow at 11 o'clock.
SESSION OF THE HOUSE.
A Vacancy Declared in the Seventh,
South Carolina District.
WASHINGTON, D. C, June L— The
House to-day disposed of the contested
election case of Johnston vs. Stokes from
the Seventh District of South Carolina by
adopting the view of Chairman McCall
(R.) of Massachusetts of the Elections
Committee No. 3, which considered the
case. By a vote of 130 to 125 it was de
cided that no legal election for Represen
tative in this Congress had been had in
the district and the seat was declared
vacant. The Republicans divided upon
this proposition and it was supported by
the unanimous Democratic vote. The
majority reported in favor of Stokes and
the minority in favor of Johnston.
This being suspension day the rules were
suspended and the following bills were
passed :
House bill validating the refunding and
railroad bonds issued by the Territory of
New Mexico of Santa Fe and Grant coun
ties and of Silver City.
House bill authorizing the appointment
of a labor committee of twenty members
to investigate the relations of labor and
capital, and to report to Congress desirable
legislation in relation thereto.
Senate bill extending until January 1,
1897, the provisions of the acts of June 25,
1890. and of August 3, 1894, so as to author
ize the refunding of all the obligations of
the Territory of Arizona and of its political
subdivisions.
The House bill extending the jurisdic
tion of the United States courts in Indian
Territory, providing for the laying out of
the tosvns and the leasing of coal and
other mineral, timber, farming and graz
ing lands in the Territory, was taken up,
but the vote on its passage disclosed the
lack of a quorum, and at 5:20 o'clock, on
motion of Sherman (R.) of New York, the
House adjourned.
Presidential vetoes of the bills to pay
W. H. Mahoney $.500 for an Oregon In
dian war bond of 1856, on the ground that
it had been paid; to pension Mrs.
Amanda Woodcock and to restore Jona
than Scott to the pension rolls, were read
and referred.
A supplemental conference report on
the sundry civil appropriation bill, show
ing an agreement upon all items save the
appropriations for certain public build
ings, was made by Cannon (R.) of Il
linois and agreed to.
TO REORGANIZE THE NAVY.
An Important Hill In Agreed Upon in
Committee.
WASHINGTON, D. C. June I.— The
sub-committee of the HouseiNaval Com
mittee which has been engaaed for some
weeks in the preparation of la bill to re
organize the navy has nnishod its
labors. The bill which it will report to
the full committee relieves the "aump" of
the line by creating a reserve list and
placing upon it the officers whose presence
now produces the "hump." In a general
way this feature of the bill follows closely
the sections of the Meyer bill reported
from the committee in the last Congress.
The new bill gives to the staff from the
navy a positive rank and tide and in
creases the medical, pay and engineer
corps. The latter corps, which is now
limited to 197, will be increased to 303 by
allowing Senators to appoirry 1 engineer
cadets and permitting recruits to come
into the service from the technological
schools. In some cases this permission
extends to the selection of engineers from
the ranks of enlisted men. Apothecaries
in the navy are given a warrant rank and
machinists are recognized by dividing
them into two grades and increasing tbe
salaries attached to these grades.
FAMOUS LA A RRA CLAIM.
It Enters Its Final Stage in the Court
of Claims.
WASHINGTON, D. C, June I.— The
famous La Abra claim against Mexico,
which has been before the courts and Con
gress for thirty years or more, entered
upon its final stage before the Court of
Claims this morning. The claim was for
mining property in Mexico belonging to a
New York company, alleged to have been
destroyed by Mexican forces because of
hostility to the United States. An sward
for a large amount was made by a com
mission against the Mexican Government,
and a portion of that award was paid over
to the claimants, but before the balance
could be turned over allegations of fraud
were made by the Mexican Government
and the United States State Department
stopped payment of the award and re
ferred the "question to Congress, which
finally directed the Court of Claims to re
open the case and mate a finding as to the
facts. Ex-Secretary Foster, ex- Assistant
Attorney-General Maury and Crammond
Kennedy appeared as counsel in the case.
NICARAGUA CANAL BILL,
Report of the House Commerce
Committee Recommending
Federal Aid.
Exception Taken to the Estimates
Made by the Ludlow Board of
Engineers.
WASHINGTON, D. C, June I.— The
report of the House Commerce Committee
on the Nicaragua canal bill was submitted
to-day without the remotest idea that any
such bill, however amended, can receive \
the slightest attention from Congress at
this late period of its session. The sub
jects discussed are comprehensive, includ
ing the action of seismic forces, tbe rail
road auxiliary question . the precedent of
the Suez canal in the issue of bonds and
the lessons learned from the Chicago
drainage canal as to appliances for dredg
ing. The report takes exceptions to the
conclusions of the Ludlow Board of
Engineers as to the unit prices of dredg
ing and excavating and the hoard's esti
mates for earth embankments.
Instead ol $133,000,000, which is the Lnd
low board's estimate of the cost, of the
canal, the committee figures a possible
total cost of $82,000,000, and expects that
$100,000,000 would be an ample allowance
for cost of construction, even admitting the
necessity for adopting the committee's
suggestions and modifications. The com
mittee believes that the Government
should assist the company to complete the
worK, even if it cost $150,000,000 or more.
The report is signed by Sherman of New
York, Doohttle of Washington, Wanger of
Pennsylvania, Joy of Missouri, Stewart of
NfVads, Rusk of Maryland and EUett of
Virginia.
A number of modifications in the pend
ing bill are suggested by Doolittle and '
Sherman, the sub-committee appointed
for that purpose, to meet some of the ot>- i
jections of the commission of engineers.
I'ostoffice Appropriation*.
WASHINGTON, D. C, June I.— Tbe
conferees on the postoffice appropriation
Dill, which went to them more than a
month ago, to-day completed their first
report on the measure. Only one item,
that autnorizing the Postmaster-General
to consolidate outlying or suburban offices
with the central office, remains now in
disagreement. The principal items .as
agreed to are: Clerk hire in postotfices,
$10,400,000; free delivery service, $12,
-818,000, of which $10,000 shall be used for
experimental service in rural communi
ties.
4. Conscience Contribution.
WASHINGTON, D. C, June I.— A con
science contribution of a two cent stamp
from Winterset, lowa, was received at the
treasury this morning. This is the small
est on record.
June
Brings to us the full return of Nature's
awakened life. Vigor and vitality are to
be seen i:i all forms of vegetation and sug-
gest what ought to be ,the condition of
every human being. Yet thousands suffer
with impure blood, causinc humors, erup-
tions, liver and kidney trouble; rheuma-
tism, neuralgia and a long train of ail-
ments. Hood's Sarsaparilla cures all such
troubles by making rich, red blood, and
then vigor and vitality return.
Sarsaparilla
Is the One True Blood Purifier. All druggists. $1
HfinH'c Pillc are the favorite cathartic.
nUUU 0 rlllb All drugeists, 25c.
NEW TO-DAY.
-I Black well's Genuine
| BULL DURHAM
4 Yon will find one coupon Inside each 2 ounce bag and two coupons Inside each 4 oanc* bag.
v, - Buy a bag, read the coupon and sea how to set your share of 1350,000 In presents. .
Aipm Sleep nourishes the
Vi I* V body. Sleeplessness
U L LLI robs the body. When
* " the body begins to
waste, when losses
A I rrn constantly occur--
V I LLU when this is followed
ULL La by sleeplessness it is
. W1- ™ *"■ time for you to look
to yourself. If you
A ■ ■> f* want to stop the drain
0 1 LL U nd slee P like the * ust
ill LLI you must use the great
V8l " t " l " i remedio-treatment
Hudyan. This wonder- .
_ ful remedio-treatment
01 LLu is the one gr^nd, cer-
\l rrr tain specific, and it
W ■-■■■•■■ will cure you.
s LEEP HUDYAN
Ql CCD cures Lost Manhood,
nil \\ Falling Sensations,
w •»■■ — - Nervous Debility, Ner-
vous Exhaustion, Lack
A I •>■-■■% of Capacity. Hudyan
VI LLU cures Inflammations,
tj|_l_l_l Sexual Neurasthenia,
■"*■■"■ Losses, Failing Powers
and Exhaustion of
a ■ «. «», Nerve Force. Hudyan
01 LLU cures Varicocele, Hy-
■Jl ■"■"■ dl *ocele and disease
•■■■• brought about by
abuses. ,
You should certainly
01 rrn use tne great Hudyan
M rPr and be vitalized. You
ÜbLLI can learn all about the
I ' v great Hudyan — you
- can have certain proofs
A I rm of the great Hudyan—
VI LLU by calling or writing
• HUDYAN PROOFS. i
• . •
HUDSOX MEDICAL ISSTITUTB,
Stockton, Market and VAli* Sta. •
BLOOD TAISTS SEOW
Pimples. ■
r ■-. ..-■■— — Copper-colored spots. — •
— — Sore mouth. — —
Sore throat.
Falling hair.
Enlarged lumps. — — .
Glandular lumps. •
Skin eruptions. '—— ->
- Partial loss of eyebrow. — — •
Sore eyes. — —
When in this condition don't co to hot
springs go to the old doctors of Hudson.
You can sometimes arrest the poison in
tbirty days.
: BLOOD "1
: cures •
: FREE. :
call OR write
Hudson Meal Institute
Stockton. Market and BBtSU.
BfKTEIW£
IS THE VERY BKUT O.VE TO EXAMISB
your eyes and til toem to Spectacles and Eye-
glasses with Instruments of hit own invention,
whose superiority has no: been equaled. My suc-
cess has been due to the menu of my work.
Otlice Hours— l 2 to 4p. it.
IRON BEDS,
fgj.. ■■: _^ BRASS BEDS.
f^ 7 ""*" f FOLDING BEDS'
Wire and Hair Mat-
tresses, H e c 1 i n i a {
...... Chairs, Wheel Chair*
TT'I Commodes, Back Kes;j
11 Ik ffTTTTTJf w - A - schrock,
#WA i 21
'^i 'iii'iw ~" JJ-LLiM ' New Montgomery
gf SJ-" 1 i J St., under t.r.i:iJ
. Motel, S. F.
§J W PRIVATE DISPENSARY.
CI'ECTALTV— DISKASES OF MEN, IXCLUD-
all forms of Blood. Skin and Xervous I)i«- •
p.isesof a private nature. Over 20 y furs' experience.
Book sent free, Patients cared at Home. Terms
reasonable. Office Hours. 9to 3 daily; 6:30 to 8:30 :
evenings. Sunday*, 10 to 12. Consultutioufreeaiid
sacredly confidential. Call or address , . .
P. ROSCOE M.-M I/I A. 91. D.,
26'J Kearny Street, Man Frnnciiico, Cal. :
< i£&£~&&k i' FIFTY-DOLLAR
|fpii||ELECTRIC BEITS
KSJL^v'<-.'>__liJ»i I? OR $"$• $-10 BELTS
M!ySH ? ; R£lJ*'' 1 for S2O, and. s3o Belts
\, 7y l I, T^'-i' * for * 15; alsoeood belts for ..
*rW «* r ! >Z\?£iar.-\ t -s. jfs. Latest patent and all
{' <.&f* Improvements. KW Gall
«y!^j ' or write lor new pamphlet .
W Ho. 2. Address I> K . :
PIERCE & SON, 704 Sacramento st., cor. Kearny,
second, third and fourth floors. San Francisco.
Sjß]|^|r Vflll bore Tnroat, Copper-IB
'3fflMl\lP vmi hOTe Tnroat, Timples, Copper «
nAVt YUU Colored Spots, Aches. Old SorM.W
Bluicers in Mouth. Halr-Kalling! Write COOK. | ..
raKEiSEli^' CO., »O7 Masonic Temple
If Chlcatto, 111., for proofs of cures. *.'»pl-
m tt»\, 85©O^H>O. Worst cases cured In IS S
« to 33 days. 100-pnge book r ***^___JiVICTIMS OF THE
GREAT TORNADO,
Over Five Hundred Perished
in the Two Cities
of St. Louis.
MANY ARE YET MISSING.
When the River Gives Up the
Dead All the Fatalities
Will Be Known.
RELIEF FOR THE DESTITUTE.
Helen Gould Sends Her Sympathy and
a Check for a Thousand
Dollars.
ST. LOUIS. Mo., June I.— The sys
tematic work of the committees and those
in charge of the work of clearing up the
wrecks of the buildings destroyed in last
last Wednesday's great storm have at last
enabled the public to be fairly accurately
apprised of the fatalities wrought by the
cyclone. But one place remains to be
heard from, and this, in fact, may never
reveal the truth — the Mississippi River.
The river gives up the dead slowly, and
the statisticians at work on the list of the
cyclone fatalities have not yet reached an
estimate of the number lost in the great
waterway. They know certainly that five
were lost on the steamer J. J. Odell, and
they know that others, whose identity re
mains a mystery, were seen to disappear
during the tornado.
The river captains and patrolmen along
the levee say that a conservative estimate
of the roustabouts, shanty dwellers and
flatboat residents, who lost their lives in
the storm, is less than twenty. The total
list of fatalities and missing as compiled
this evening numbers 490 men. The
known dead in St. Louis are 196; unknown
dead in St. Louis, 8; fatally injured in St.
Louis, IS; missing in St. Louis, 118;
known dead in East St. Louis, 145; un
known dead in East St. Louis, 3; fatally
injured in East St. Louis, 2; total fatality,
490.
The corpse of John Barfeest was taken
from the ruins of Ottenad's factory, at
Broadway and Soulard street, this after
noon. The remains of an unknown white
man were taken from the river at the foot
of Tesson street to-day. The body was
found clinging to the wheel of a steamer
anchored near that point, and from the
position of the body it is surmised that
the deceased was blown into the river dur
ing the tornado and tried to save himself
by clinging to the boat wheel.
The work of searching the ruins coes
steadily forward. That a great many
corpses are in the ruins seems to be certain j
by the fact that the police have a long \
list of missing. Some of them may turn
up, of course, but it is safe to assume that
the major portion of them are dead.
At the City Hospital the debris is being
removed by a force of prisoners' from the
workhouse, but no corpses have been
found. Dr. Sutter still claim. there were
but thr^e deaths in all that institution,
and has no reason to suppose that any
more will be found.
The total relief fund is now beyond $100,
-000. The actual work of relieving the dis
tress has been begun. Canvassers repre
senting the relief committee were busy all
day Sunday investigating the condition of
applicants for aid. As rapidly as it could
be ascertained what was needed by per
sons who had suffered from the storm
steps were taken to relieve them. In some
instances food and shelter were provided,
while in others clothing was given out.
Vice-President Warner of the Missouri
Pacific received the following telegram to
day :
New York. June 1 .
C. O. Warner, Vice- President Missouri Pacific
Eaiiuay Company, St. Louis— Am sending
$1000 as subscription to relief of St. Louis
sufferers from cyclone. The city has our
warm sympathy. Helen M. Gould.
The telegraph companies have repaired
the damages done to their lines by
Wednesday's tornado and are again
handling the business of the public with
out delay. The Bell Telephone Company
sustained greater damage, and the repairs
cannot be made so quickly. To-day there
were 2000 instruments in working, order
and 2500. were still silent. It will be at
least a week before all repairs can be
made.
The continuous rains are a great draw
back to the vigorous efforts that are being
made to start the street lights. After
working night and day all the streetcar
systems in the city except one are running
on schedule time.
The situation in East St. Louis is dis
couraging. Along the river mist, fog and
malaria are following in the wake of the
storm, and the soggy and sodden piles of
splintered houses and boxcars are their
miserable abiding places. Foul odors rise
from the decaying carcasses of dead ani
mals. It is still too soon for any thought
of rebuilding the homes of the island poor.
The devastation was so terrible and com
plete that this cannot come for some time,
but the business interests which have cap
ital behind them are on their feet and
working with all their might. This is
manifest, and somewhat relieves the other
wise forlorn aspect of the situatipn.
The Vandalia people are rebuilding their
freighihouse and gratifying progress is
being made. The East St. Louis cold
storage plant, which was damaged to the
extent of $50,0000, has 100 men working on
it. The relay depot is also being put into
some sort of shape. .
All the schools opened this morning ex- i
cept the Howe and the Douglass. The lat
ter was on the island and was completely
blown away. The Howe was also too badly
wrecked to admit of use without extensive
repairs.
The carpenters of the city are working at
a slight advance on the ordinary schedule.
There is a great demand for bricklayers,
some of whom are beiae paid for their
work at the rate of 75 cents an hour.
The two militia companies are still in
the city and kept busy doing police work.
Without their assistance the police here
would be unable to cope with the thieves
and hoboes.
Mayor Bader, chairman of the relief
committee, reports generous returns to
their appeals for aid. The distribution of
food, clothing and medicines is appor
tioned to the various volunteer societies,
--■-..... ...... . . ■ ■ ..-■■.-.
and a great deal of distress has been re
lieved.
» ■ ■
OUTSIDE OF ST. LOUIS.
Accurate List of the Killed and Property
Losses.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., June I.— The extent of
the tornado's disastrous work here and in
East St. Louis has overshadowed the losses
sustained in adjacent towns in Missouri
and Illinois, and no accurate list of the
killed has been compiled. A careful com
pilation from all sources made to-day
gives the following losses in outlying
towns by the tornado:
MI S SOI'RI, OUTSIDE OF ST. LOUIS.
The total loss in Randolph and Audrian
counties will amount t0 5300,000 additional.
Loss on crops and farm property in entire
State will swell total beyond $2,000,000.
ILLINOIS. OUTSIDE OF EAST ST. LOUIS.
The losses at scores of other points, in
cluding farm property and crops, may
raise the total to over $1,000,000.
TO AID THE AFFLICTED.
Chicago Preparing to Go to the Relief of
East St. Louis.
CHICAGO, 111., June I.— Mayor Swift
this afternoon issued a proclamation to
the people of Chicago, setting forth the
want and suffering of the survivors of the
tornado in East St. Louis and calling for
subscriptions and supplies. The Mayor
Bays outside assistance is not required in
St. Louis, but reports that East St. Louis
and other localities indicate great distress.
Elbridge G. Keith, president of the Metro
politan National Bank, is appointed treas
urer, but donations of food and clothing
will be sent direct to the Mayor of East St.
Louis. •
NOTABLE SOCIALALLIANCE
Marriage oi Miss Milmo and
Prince Radziwill at
New York.
Ancestry of the Bride in Mexico Dates
Back to the Days of Max*
milian
NEW YORK, N. V., June I.— One^ of
the most noted social alliances that has
taken place in this country occurred here
to-day, when Prince Albert Radziwill, of
the ancient house of Radziwill, was mar
ried to Miss Prudencia Milmo, who come*
from an old Mexican family, which was
high in the councils of that country
during the regime of the monarchy.
St. Francis Xavier's Church was the
scene of the wedding, which was cele
brated by his Grace Archbishop Corrigan.
j The ceremony was followed by the nuptial
i mass, ttie Rev. Thomas E. Murphy, pastor
of St. Xavier's Church, beintr the cele
brant. The bride is a decided brunette
and a noted Mexican beauty. She is 26
years of age. She can rightfully claim a
good share cf distinguished ancestry. Her
mother, who died about three years ago,
was the daughter of General de Vidauri,
who was Prime Minister in the court of the
ill-fated Maximilian and also a commander
in-chief of the imperial Mexican army
and Governor- General of the northern
province of Mexico. General de Vidauri
was executed in the public square of the
City of Mexico at the same time Maximil
ian was put to death.
Miss Milmo's father is of Irish extrac
tion. His estates in Mexico are vast. The
Prince, who ia 30 years old, is the oldest
son of Prince Matias Radziwill of Warsaw.
The young people will leave for Europe
on Wednesday.
AN INCENTARY FIRE.
It Wipes Out the Business Part of a
yebraaka Town.
NELSON. Neb., June I.— The business
part of Nora, a small town abcut six miles
southeast of here, was almost wiped out
by fire last night about 11^ o'clock. The
fire originated in the general merchandise
store of J. C. Smith & Sons Company, con
suming the building and contents; the
hardware store of B. P. Rice and general
merchandise store of A. G. Mallatt, over
which was the A. O. U. W. Hall. The
losses are as follows: J. C. Smith & Sons
Company, stock and building, stock $26,
-500, fully insured; B. P. Rice, building
and stock $3200, no insurance; A. G. Mal
latt, stock $4000, no insurance; A. O. U.
W. building $2000, no insurance. The
fire is supposed to be of incendiary origin.
To Be Organized From Wall Street.
CHICAGO, 111., June I.— As a result of
Judge Wheeler's decision affirming the
legality of the Joint Traffic Association
agreement, it is said similar organizations
on the joint plan are to be brought into
being at once until the railroad territory
of the country is under such control; the
new governing power beine the capitalists,
bankers and security-holders of roads not
financially independent. The roads which
can operate on their own financial re
sources are few. The Transcontinental.
Western, Southwestern and Southern lines
are to be so organized from Wall- street in
that order, according to the reported plan
of the magnates.
Cutting Coal Rates.
TOLEDO, Ohio, June I.— As a result of
the aggressiveness of the Chesapeake,
Ohio and Southwestern road in cutting
coal rates, a meeting of traffic officials of
lines interested was held here to-day and
a cut of 20 cents a ton decided upon from
the Ohio mines and from the Pittsburg
district. The Michigan Central protested,
hut it went unheeded. The cut is not ex
pected to stop at 20 cents, and the board of
control of the Joint Traffic Association will
be powerless, because coal was exempt
from the agreement. The war is expected
to affect the alleged coal trust in the pub
lic's favor.
Fought Before Their Families.
JACKSONVILLE, Fla., June I.— ln
Washington County yesterday Henry
Danley and James Powell, who married
sisters, fought in the presence of their
wives and children. Powell sank an ax
into Danley's left shoulder, almost split
ting off the arm and part of the side. Dan
ley then shot Powell through the stomach.
Powell is reported dead and Danley will
die. A family quarrel caused the duel.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JUNE 2, 1896.
SENATOR TELLER
MAY BE NAMED,
Democrats Likely to Enter
a Republican in the
Race.
ANOMALOUS CONDITION.
The Colorado Senator Recognized
as the Leader of the
Silver Men.
VERY SOLID IN THE SOUTH.
So if He Wi 1 Only Bolt at St Louis
Convention the Democrats Will
Be Happy.
WASHINGTON, D. C, June L— Senator
Teller's nomination for President by the
Democratic Convention is being seriously
discussed. It is an anomalous condition
of politics that a delegate at large to a Re
publican National Convention should be
regarded as even a possible candidate of
the Democratic party, and it may be stated
as a fact that Senator Teller's nomination
by the Chicago Convention is at least a
possibility.
The best-informed Democrats in Con
gress of both the gold and silver factions
now consider it practically certain that the
Democratic Convention will unqualifiedly
declare for the free coinage of silver. If
the St. Louis Convention does not declare
for unrestricted free coinage Senator Tel
ler and his friends will, if they live up to
their promises, renounce the Republican
party.
Teller is the recognized leader of the
free-coinage movement, and with the sil
ver men in control at Chicago they would
naturally turn to him in the hope that he
could swing enough Republican votes to
give the Democracy a fighting chance to
win. A prominent Republican Senator
said to The Call correspondent to-night:
"The Teller movement is a good deal
stronger than many persons imagine. I
know Democratic Senators on the floor (in
dicating the Senate chamber) who not only
believe it to be wise for the Democracy to
nominate Teller, but who are actively
working in his behalf. He has always
been strong among Southern Democrats
bacause he denounced the so-called force
bill and really prevented its passage.
"While he is a protectionist, that fact
would not be held against him by many
Democrats, who have come to think during
the last three years that protection is not
so bad athing as they have been led to
believe it. Teller has shown by his course
this winter that he is a silver advocate
first, and that he would sacrifice anything
else for the white metal. Silver men,
irrespective of party affiliations, know that
they can depend upon him. Then, too, the
silver party is for Teller, and the
silver Democrats believe that if they do
not nominate him he will be nominated
by a third party, and thus draw votes that
they might get by placing him at the head
of their ticket. Of course, the Democrats
as usual are playing for position. They
are working to win — with a Democrat if
they can, with a Republican or anything
else if they must."
So far as can be learned Senator Teller
has not yet given countenance to his Demo
cratic boom. His free-silver and Demo
cratic friends are urging his nomination,
but it may be said that he is not placing
any locs in their way.
MONEY IS FORTHCOMING.
Democrats Arranging for the Conven-
tion at Chicago.
CHICAGO, 111., June I.— The sub-com
mittee of the Democratic National Com
mittee, which has charge of convention
matters of a preparatory character, met at
the Auditorium Annex to-day and another
session is to be held to-morrow. The
principal business to come before the
members is relating to the decoration ot
the Coliseum, the music arrangements
and the appointment of assistant ser
geants-at-arms. Incidentally the com
mittee wilJ put out its hand when Chair
man Donnersberger of the local committee
delivers a check for the remaining $11,000
of convention subscriptions, which he says
he has the money for, and so make good
the full promise of the Chicago guaran
tors.
The committeemen know that the men
who signed the guarantee will pay if the
subscribers are delinquent, and there is no
uneasiness on the financial score any
more, especially as the rest of the fund is
not needed at present. Chairman Har
rity. Secretary Sherin and Messrs. Wall of
Wisconsin, Prather % of St. Louis, Canda of
New ifork and Sherley of Louisville at
tended the meeting, besides Sergeant-at
arms Martin.
After the meeting the committee dined
at the Chicago Athletic Club house as the
guests of Judge Adam A. Goodrich, and
in the evening attended the opening of
the Coliseum with Buffalo Bill's show, in
order to test the acoustic properties of the
hall.
E. C. Wall, the Wisconsin member, saia
to-night: "I will speak for Wisconsin on
the money question. You can put it in
the gold column. The convention June
23 will declare solidly for sound money.
The silver men will not be heard from."
Secretary Sherin said for Indiana: "We
have given up my State ao far as sound
money is concerned. Tv« wave is likely
to sweep over the entire State."
TACTICS OF THE DEMOCRATS.
Trying to Exterminate the Single Taxer*
of' Delaware.
WILMINGTON, Del., June I.— The
Democratic politicians of Delaware are in
a profound quandary. They are scared,
and not without cause. With the State
convention only two weeks off, they are
now taking flash-light views of the politi
cal situation in the three counties, and to
their terrible surprise, they rind the pa r ty
in a "big hole." For the past year they
have toiled and worked assiduously to
widen tne breach in the Republican ranks
and totally ignored the Single tax party.
fr-ingl» tax," they claimed, would not re
ceive 100 votes, and these votes, they con
ceded, would come from t:e Republicans.
A cursory glance at the situation at this
time, However, has convinced that they
are in error, for the Single tax party of
Delaware can claim 10-day more than 5000
members, nine-tenths of them being
former Democrats. With these votes
against them the Democratic ringsters
know that victory next fall is impossibls,
that the Republicans will capture the
State hands down and that the coveted
vacant seat in the United States Senate
will slip from their grasp. Aud they are
now conducting their war of extermina
tion acainst the single-taxers.
That their action is ill advised is con
ceded by the Democratic organs of the
State, which are now clamoring for recog
nition for the single-taxers. Those in
charge of this campaign of extermination
remain unmoved by the appeals of the
press for harmony, and have announced
their determination to drive the single
taxers from Delaware by arresting and
imprisoning every man who attempts to
speak upon it.
The headquarters of the committee in
charge of the campaign is in this little
town and is located in the back part of
the law office of Ezekiel Cooper, one of the
leaders ot the Democratic party of Kent
County. Among Cooper's colleagues are
some of the most prominent Democrats of
the State, including ex-Chancellor James
L. Wolcott, who aspires to the United
States Senate. The situation is very in
teresting and the single-taxers will have
to be exceedingly alert to cope with it.
Alderman. Cooper and his colleagues
have controlled the destinies of the Dem
ocratic party in Delaware for twenty
years, and the courts, which are Dem
ocratic, are in their power. Thus it will
be seen that once a Single-taxer is caught
in their clutches it would be a difficult
thing to get out. Horan and Stephens,
who are now behind the walls of the
county jail here, will not be out for thirty
days. Ti ey have declined assistance from
their friends, but the latter have taken
steps to secure habeas corpus writs for
their release. These writs have been
issued but argument will not be heard for
ten days.
A correspondent of The Call inter
viewed the men in their cells to-day.
They were bright and cheerful, and though
unaccustomed to their environment they
were contented with the situation. In an
swer to a query, Mr. Stephens, who is well
known on the Pacific Coast, said:
"Tell my friends out there that I am in
jail because I took a breath of God's air
and because I spoke his language and
thought his principles. Tell them Horan
and I propose to show the world and
the Democratic Bourbons of Delaware
that we believe what we teach and like
Paul will suffer physical and mental pun
ishment in the defense of our principles."
CHECKED BY THE POLICE.
Rival Populists Indulge in a Riot at a
Chicago Meeting.
CHICAGO, 111., June 1-— A meeting of
the County Central Commi*ee called for
the purpose of appointing delegates to the
convention of the People's party in St.
Louis July 22 ended in a riot to-night and
two wagon-loads of police were sent out to
quell the disturbance.
It is alleged that Dr. Taylor, chairman
of the committee, has been running the
affairs of the party to suit his own ends
and that in sending out calls for meetings
he has omitted to notify members whom
he does not consider his friends. Dr. Tay
lor, his opponents claim, called a meeting
to-night of the Central Committee for the
purpose of appointing delegates to the Na
tional Convention in St. Louis, and accord
ing to custom notified only his friends of
the meeting. The other members of the
committee heard of tho affair, and being
re-enforced by other members of the Peo
ple's party arrived at the meeting-place of
the Central Committee and were organiz
ing for business when Dr. Taylor and his
crowd arrived.
William Hogan was in the chair and
several motions were put upon- which the
Taylor crowd voted. This tue Hogau siile
claimed legalized their meeting, as the
Taylor element had recognized the meet
ing by voting. A general row followed
and a riot call was sent in. Fighting was
just commencing in earnest when the
police arrived. The entire crowd was
ejected from the hall.
Two separate meetings will now be held
and both will elect delegates to St. Louis.
KEN TUCKY'S CONFENTION
Friend* of Blackburn Expict to Uaitt
the Control.
LEXINGTON, Ky., June I.— Delegates
and visitors are arriving in the city to
night to attend Wednesday's State Demo
cratic Convention. Senator Blackburn
and several of his most trusted lieutenants
arrived to-night. In an interview the
Senator said, when asked what he had to
say about the silver victory of Saturday:
"I did not win a victory, but my friends
did win a great victory."
He would say nothing further. His
friends, especially those from Western
Kentucky, are anxious that the conven
tion indorse him for President.
At 10 o'clock to-night several well
informed leaders of the silver movement
agreed that the most likely man for tem
porary chairman is Charles K. Wheeler of
I'aducah and for permanent chairman
John B. Carroll of Newcastle. They also
agreed that the most likely men for dele
gales at large to the Chicago convention
are Senator Blackburn, General P. Wat
Hardin, John 8. Rae and W. T. Ellis. A
large number of leading silver men are to
arrive here to-morrow evening, and wiil
hold a convention in the afternoon on the
matter of organization of the convention.
WILLIAM McKINLEY TALKS.
Call* Attention to the Enthusiasm of the
American I'eople.
CLEVELAND, Ohio, June I.— Hon.
William McKinley was in Cleveland for a
fuw hours to-day in consultation with
Hon. A. M. Hanna. When asked to an
swer some of the questions which have
been fired at him so freely from all sides
as to the Quay meetins: and the money
question he said :
"'Tho greatness of the American people
is evidenced in nothing more than in the
interest they taice in the exercise of suf
frage. In every election they manifest the
greatest enthusiasm and so long as they
do so this Nation is safe from its enemies
within and without. The people keep at
it year in and year out and have made of
fice holding the servitude of the man to
the mass. Public office is a people's honor
Public service well done is its own honor.'
General Clarkson Improving.
NEW YORK, N. V., June I.— The con
dition of James S. Clarkson of lowa, who
for the past two weeks has been seriously
ill in his apartments in the Fifth-avenue
Hotel, was reported to-day to be greatly
improved, and no doubts of his ultimate
recovery are now entertained. While Still
confined to his rooms Mr. Clarkson ex
pected to be shortly able to leave.
POENG SEFREN'S GOOD JOB.
Appointed Chief Examiner of the Civil
Service Commission.
WASHINGTON, D. C, June I.— The
President to-day sent to the Senate the
following nominations: Abraham R. Sev
ren of New York, to be chief examiner of
the Civil Service Commission; William B.
Childers to be United States Attorney for
Now Mexico.
Sevren is a native of Waterloo, N. V.,
34 years of age and considered a young
man of great ability. In May, 1893, Sec
retary Carlisle appointed him to duties in
connection with the organization of the
National banks. Mr. Sevren entered
Hamilton College in 1883, received his
A. 15. degree in 18«9 and became an A. M.
in 1890. He was afterward principal of
Waterloo Union College, where he taught
Latin, Greek and German. He htudied
law in 1891 and was practicing when ap
pointed to his position in the Treasury
Department.
Off for Gray Gables.
WASHINGTON, D. C, June I.— The
White House steward and several servants
left Washington to-day for Gray Gables to
make the President's cottage ready for the
reception of Mrs. Cleveland and her chil
dren. Mrs. Cleveland and the babies will
probably leave here for Gray Gables Thurs
day. The President will of course remain
here until alter the adjournment of Con
gress.
WOMEN FLEECE
PORTLAND CHINESE
Two Fair Bigamists Who
Have Wedded Many
Mongols.
RICH HEATHEN TRICKED
Their Pretty White Wives Flee
Soon After the Marriage
Ceremony.
CARRY AWAY GIFTS OF GOLD.
Slant-Eyed Suitors in a Dozen Cities
Deplore Their Worship at
Hymen's Shrine.
PORTLAND, Or., June I.— One of the
most prominent Chinese merchants on
Second street called on Chief of Police
Minto to-day, complaining that about ten
days ago two very pretty white women,
25 or 26 years age, and giving their names
as Inez Wilson and Jennie Nelson, mar
ried two of his friends, the ceremony hav
ing taken place in Vancouver, Wash. The
honeymoon in each instance was a very
brief one, for as soon as the women suc
ceeded in wheedling a few hundred dollars
out of their elated husbands, which they
did within a week after the marriage, they
left for other and at present unknown
fields of operation.
The police have long been on the look
out for these women, who change their
names as often as they do their places of
habitation. First they were heard as hav
ing "worked" the marriage fraud on two
wealthy Chinese in Ogden, Utah. They
fleeced the Mongols out of $2500 in money
and diamonds. Next came similar re
ports from Helena, Butte and Missoula,
Mont. ; Boise City and Moscow, Idaho.
By this time these two pretty but very
unscrupulous adventuresses must have
gathered in between $10,000 and $12,000 by
their unique and felonious schemes. They
not only are guilty of larceny and obtain
ing money under false pretenses, but they
also committed bigamy in almost every
town they visited since leaving Ogden.
Detective Sam Simmons says that these
women are the smoothest and most origi
nal female "flimflammers" in the country.
In the first place they have none of their
photographs scattered about so that the
authorities might trace them by the pic
tures. But they carry pictures of other
girls, which may in some way resemble
them, which they pass off as their own
when a Chinese lamb, about to be led to
the "altar," presses them fora "likeness."
They are saia to have a matrimonial
agent in the person of a halfbreed China
man, born in Australia, speaking English
like a native, and who would never be sus
pected of having Chinese hlood in his
veins when clothed in European garb.
This fellow visits a city, in which the
women wish to operate, attires himself in
a genteel Chinese costume and circulates
among the better class of Chinamen.
When he finds one or more susceptible
and eligible gudgeons, introduces them to
the girls, and, in most instances, the vic
tims fall into the matrimonial trap set for
them. It is an established, but not gen
erally known fact, that most of the better
class of Chinaman on this coast, having
accumulated a competency, have a pen
chant for white wives.
Detective Simmons believes that the
Wilson and Nelson women are now in San
Francisco, where, presumably, they will
work their hitherto successful scheme.
LOS ANGELES ROMANCE,
Midnight Wedding the Result of
a Tally-Ho Ride Into the
Country.
A Deputy Clerk Is Roused From His
Slumbers and Supplies a Mar
riage License. .
LOS ANGELES, Cal., June I.— A tally
ho drive to Millard's Canyon in which a
party of young gentlemen and ladies par-
I ticipated Saturday night resulted in a
I hasty and romantic marriage at a Twenty
eiKhth-street residence in the wee hours of
the Sabbath morn.
And a tally-ho courtship caused Deputy
I County Clerk Kurtz of Boyle Heights to
i lose much valuable sleep, for he was
j aroused near midnight by a youth who
I had won a "yes" from a fair maiden dur
ing the ride and wanted a marriage license
without delay. The good-natured clerk
saw the urgency of the case and went to
the Courthouse, where the valuable paper
wfc< filled out.
The license contained the names of
Charles Edward O'Brien, who was born in
Canada and is 26 years old, and MissLe
nora Allen, who first saw the light of day
in Arizona and is 22 years of a?e. She is a
daughter of Colonel Allen, formerly In
dian agent in Arizona.
Durins the tally-ho ride the young man
jrot his sweetheart's consent to marriage.
The party learned of the conquest and
entered with zeal into the plan for a hur
ried wedding. After the return in ttie
evening the chase began for the license
and it 11 o'clock before O'Brien drove
t over to Boyle Heights and routed out. Mr.
Kutz. His companion wanted him to
[ give it up, but that did not suit the young
lover, anu his face beamed when he
marched out of tne clerk's office of the
| courthouse with the precious document.
After thanking Mr. Kurtz, they rushed
' off to the Twenty-eiguth-street home of
I the bride, where a little party of frienus
and relatives were waiting for the minis
ter, and shortly after midnight Mrs.
Charles Edward O'Brien was congratu
lated on being a bride, and her husband
| was smiling as if he were the happiest
I man on earth.
RIVERSIDE MURDERERS TO DIE.
Supreme Court Affirms the Judgment
• Against the Gumming*: Brother*.
LOS ANGELES, Cal. , June I.— The Su
preme Court has handed down an opinion/
affirming the judgment of the lower court
in the case of the People vs. John and
Csbsar Cumniings, who were convicted in
Riverside of the murder of T. C. Narra
more of this city. The accused were sen
tenced to be hanged and the sentence will
now be curried into execution.
The murder occurred August 3 last.
Narramore was the owner of a ranch three
miles east of Riverside and the Cummings
boys were his tenants. He went to the
ranch to collect rent owed him (about
$565) and they paid it. Shortly thereafter
one of the boys approached him from be
hind and struck him a blow on the head
with a bludgeon, knocking him senseless.
He was then killed. The murder was wit
nessed by a Mexican, on whose testimony
the men were convicted. The object of
the murder was to recover the rent money.
FRESNO SENSATION.
Rev. Dr. De Witt Fined for Threatening
a Peac- Officer.
FRESNO, Cal., June I.— Rev. Dr. H. G.
De Witt, formerly pastor of the First Bap
tist Church of this city, was to-day fined
$100 by Judge E. W. Risley for contempt
of court.
Dr. De Witt took possession of a house
at Clovis which was in litigation.
When the Sheriff came to serve papers,
he found the reverend gentleman in
charge. The officer had to come back to
Fresno to get papers to serve on Dr. De
Witt.
Meantime the doctor notified the
Sheriff's office that he would resist any
attempt to relieve him of possession of
the house, by force if necessary. This
notification to the Sheriff was considered
contempt.
De Witt's plea in the contempt proceed
ings was that he had been instructed to so
notify the Sheriff by his attorney, L. L.
Cory.
FIS ALIA OUTLAW ON TRIAL.
three Juror* Sworn to Pa** Upon the
Innocence of Lovren.
VISALIA. Cal., June I.— The trial of
Si Lovren, accused of complicity in the
attempted train robbery near Tagus on
March 18, when Outlaw Dan McCall was
slain, was called tnis morning. Three
talesmen were accepted and sworn in as
jurors during the day. Tney are: Allen
M. Henderson, a teamster of Springville;
Rudolph Klein, a farmer of Oak Flat;
William Conway, a farmer pf Porterviile.
At all the former appearances of Lovren
in court a crowd of his admirers flucked
around waiting for a chance to shake his
hand or at least gain a smile of recogni
tion. As this was becoming monotonous,
Deputy Sheriff Haaliey put manacles on
him this afternoon. Lovren did not like
it and expressed himself in pretty strong
language, remarking to Haatloy: "Re
member, I will never forget this."
BUDGET OF ALASKA NEWS
Fatal Explosion in the Mexi
can Mine as the Result of
Carelessness.
Passengers of the Steamer Lakme
Put Ashore Far From Their
Destination.
PORT TOWNSEND, Wash, June I.—
The steamer City of Topeka arrived
yesterday from Alaska and brought news
of an explosion on May 21 in the main
shaft of the Mexican mine, in which
Henry Bell was fatally and George Belcher
seriously injured. Bell was a single man,
aged 29 years, recently from San Fran
cisco, and his parents live in Illinois.
Belcher was from Tacoma, unmarried and
aged 32.
The blame for the disaster rests with the
members of the day shift, who left an an
exploded charge of giant powder in a
newly drilled hole and neglected to notify
Hell and Belcher when they came on in
the evening. They found the hole and
began drilling it deeper. Botn men were
thrown for a distance of fifteen feet.
There was considerable excitement in
i he residence portion of Juneau last Mon
day evening, when William Whitmore,
with revolver in band, chased "Jack"
Noblets down the street and out of the
city, warning him never to return. Whit
m.ore suspected an intimacy between his
wife and Noblets, and on Monday evening
his suspicions were conlirmed.
The citizens of Juneau will forward to
Washington City a remonstrance against
the final awarding of the Yukon mail con
:ract to the Chicago corporation that put
in the lowest bid, on the ground that the
work cannot be done ior the amount
named in the bid— ssoo per trip. The
Juneau business men point to the fact that
the Alaska mining companies pay the In
dian mail carrier, "Jimmy" Jackson,
|1500 for making the same trip, and that
Jackson refuses to continue work unless
he is puid $-2000 a trip.
A private letter per the steamer Topeka
from Circle City, dated May 10, contains
the following:
"Everybody is growing wild over town
1 lots, and crowds are now heading toward
Sunrise City and its western addition. A
petition was signed by about 300 and sent
down on the steamer Albion asking for
the establishment of a postoffice at Sun
rise City. Mr. Kruzner of Juneau has
opened a saloon and brewery iv Sunrise.
The town also has a Deputy Collector of
Customs. Whisky is haru to get at $10 a
gallon.
"The boats which are now waiting at
Coal Harbor, about 130 miles below here,
number ten- Three others which sailed
from Seattle nearly two months ago, one
of which is the Lincoln with nine pas
sengers, are reported lost.
Among those at Coal Harbor waiting
for the flow of ice in the Arm to cease is
the steamer Lakme, which brought up
200 passengers. 1 Jearn that the boat
now refuses to bring passengers up to
Six Mile and Resurrection creeks, accord
ing to contract with one Hayword, who is
making a living off an innocent public
by misrepresentation. The passengers as
sert that the Lakme put them on two
meals a day the jecond day out from Se
attle, and after the first week they were
told that they must be contented with
one meal a day ; and now they are thrown
off on Sand Spit, over 100 miles from
their destination, and are compelled to
contribute $10 each to smaller craft to
oring them through.
PORTLAND FEARS A. FLOOD.
Rapid Rise in the Columbia and Wil
lamette River*.
PORTLAND, Ob., June I.— The Wil
lamette and Columbia rivers are rising
rapidly, and reports from the interior to
the weather bureau say that their tribu
taries are overflowing. Fears are ex
pressed that Portland will undergo
another flood similar to that of two years
ago. The lower docks and warehouses on
the rivsr front are being cleared of freight
in anticipation of high water in the next
three days.
The river is now nearly fifteen feet above
low water mark. All traffic on the Oregon
Railway end Navigation Company's line
between Wallace and "lurke is suspended
for an indefinite time because of tho dam
age done by high water. Canyon Creek
has been rising for several days, in com
mon with all tha streams in the Cceur
d'Alene district.
Portland Mystery Cleared.
PORTLAND, Or., June I.— The body of
Courtney Meek, who disappeared from
this city on May 13 under circumstances
that led to the belief % that he had heen
murdered for his- iuonay, wag fished out
of the river to-day. In his clothing was
found nearly all of the money on Meek's
person at the time of his disappearance.
Meek came to Portland from Washington
and went on a drinking spree. It is sup
posed he fell into the river, as the body
bore no evidence of violence.
Peat-Gennu tn Apple*.
NEW WESTMINSTER, B. C, June 1.
All fruit dealers have been forbidden to
sell and ordered to destroy the Australian
apples brought by the steamer Warrimoo.
Tnis order is the result of an examination
by the health authorities, which showed
that the apples contain germs of various
fruit pests.
ROBBING VICTORIA'S DEAD
Fiendish Work of Ghouls After
the Point Ellice Bridge
Disaster.
Bodies Mangled in Their Haste to
Pluck Jewels From Ears and
Fingers.
VICTORIA, B. C, June 1.-Another
horror has been added to the Point Ellice
bridge catastrophe. It is the robbing of
the dead. Relatives who, unable to gain a
footing on the doomed car, waved a pleas
ant adieu to loved ones considered more
fortunate in having secured seats, arrived
on the bank of Victoria arm after a mad
dened drive to find mothers, sisters or
wives not only dead, but despoiled by
ghouls.
One of the victims of these fiendisn
thieves was a former Portland girl, Mrs.
Dr. Prevost of Seattle, daughter of P. E.
Barrelly of 327 Salmon street, Portland.
Miss Evelyn, a younger daughter, was the
guest of her sister at Seattle, and together
with Dr. Prevost and a gentleman friend
the four attended the Queen's birthday
festivities in this city. In the great crush
at the Point Ellice bridge the party be
came separated, Airs. Dr. Prevost and tha
escort of Miss Evelyn remainingon thecar.
When the news of the horrible disaster
came back over the bridge the first car
riage obtainable was procured by the fear
stricken husband and sister and the horses
were sent flying around the circuit of the
arm to the spot on the farther bank where
the work of recovering the bodies of the :
victims had been commenced. The dis
tance, at tne great speed it was run, was
covered within a half hour.
Arriving on the scene, almost the first
corpse encountered was that of Mrs.. Dr.
Prevost. When she entered the car she
had worn a pair of diamond earrings, a
diamond ring "and a plain gold' wedding
ring, a gold watch and chatelaine and
carried a purse containing a small amount
of money, possibly $15. All of these were
gone. On the finger wearing the wedding
ring was a wound, as though the ring had
' been violently drawn from the hand.
Likewise, in the lobes of the ears where
had been the diamonds were marks Of
rude violence, one ear being badly torn.
Every article of value about the -dead
woman's person had been taken.
SOQUEL RANCHO LITIGATION.
The F. A. Hihn Company Opposes tha
Appointment of Mrs. Peck as
Administratrix.
SANTA CRUZ, Cal., June I.— Another
mov«j was made to-day in the celebrated
Sonuel Augmentation Rancho suits, liti
gation which affects several hundred
farmers and the towns of Capitola and
Soquel in this county. The P. A. Hihn
Company, owners of a large share of these
40,000 acres of land, and who sold much of
it to the present holders, filed to-day in
the Superior Court a contest against the
issuance of full letters of administration
upon the estate of Martina Castro Depeaux
to Mrs. Elizabeth Peck, who is the origi
nator of the suit for the recovery of tha
lands.
The contestant claims that Mrs. Depeaux
was known in lite as Martina Castro, thus
intimating that she was not the wife of
Don Castro, who held the lands now in
litigation under a conveyance from tha
Mexican Government. It is alleged, also,
that she disposed of all her interest in tue
lands, amounting to over 30,000 acres, and
that the grantees and present owners have
improved the tract and paid the taxes.
The allegation made by Mrs. Peck that
Mr?. Depeaux was insane and incompet
ent to make deeds is controverted by the
F. A. Hihn Company in a deposition of
C. H. Snyder, who swears that he Knew
Martina Castro Depeaux and that she
managed her business affairs like any
other sane person.
PIUTE MOUNTAIN GOLD.
Rich Ledge Found year the Bright Star
Mine.
BAKERbFIEixD, Cal., Jane I.— The
miners on Piute Mountain, in the eastern
part of this county, are greatly excited
over the discovery of a thirty-foar-foot
ledge of gold-bearing quartz adjacent to
the famous Bright Star mine. Detriclc
Bahten is the locator of this large ledge,
which it is said will average $25 to $75 per
ton for the entire width. Bahten is one
of the brothers who owned the Brignt
Star. He declares that he has at least
$300,000 in sight.
This discovery is about twenty-five miles
from Caliente, in a locality where there is
plenty of wood and water.
Barmen* Goe* to J-'oltom.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., June L— John P.
Harmons, who was convicted several
weeks ago of the crime of grand larceny,
was this morn ing sentenced to serve three
years in Folsom Penitentiary. Harmens,
alias "Carl the Tramp," found and
squandered $50,000 of the booty hidden by
Train-robbers Brady and Browning.
Albuquerque Minn lUsaittr.
ALBUQUERQUE, N. Mex., June I.— Two
Mexican miners, Francisco Cantata and
Florentino Balderino, were suffocated by
gas yesterday in an old part of the Copper
Flat mine, near this city. Each leaves a
widow and six children.
; NEW TO DAT.
Yon may throw me, Jim, bat this rampus la not '.
making rags and ruin of my clothes as it is your*.
Why don't vocr mamma trade at Boos Bros?" •*< . . )_
Star attractions this week:
Sailor Suits in new shades of tan, gray
and blue, 3to 12, $1 50, worth $2 25. ■
Zouave Suits, ages 3to 7 — "cute," jaunty, ■
breezy— just the thing for "first pants oc- '
casion" — 50; navy blue, cadet blue and
tan. Fancy trimmings.
Boys' Waists and Hosiery; decent goods "\
at popular prices. '
«rf^^l-33-3S-37~]R[t'ARHV Sfcy
Mail orders carefully filled and money refunded . -
if not satisfactory.' * ."
34
OREGON IS WON
BY REPUBLICANS:
Peculiar Conditions Exist in
the Exciting State
Election.
DEMOCRATS ARE DIVIDED
Some of Their Votes Cast for the
Populists While Silver Is
a Big Issue.
THE SUCCESSFUL CANDIDATES.
Ex-Gjvernor Sylvester Pennoyer
Victorious in the Race for
Portland's Mayoralty.
.PORTLAND, Or., June I.— Oregon has
cone Republican by a large plurality, as
indicated by incomplete returns up to j
midnight.
On tho only test of strength throughout j
the State for Supreme Judge, Bean (R.) J
is elected by a lar^e plurality, with Gas- j
ton i P.) second.
For Congressmen the money question j
has cut a large figure, reducing former j
pluralities that the Republicans have se
cured in the years past.
The Republican vote is not lessened, but i
the Populist.-' has increased, 'with
the aid of the Democrats. One of
the peculiar features is the remark
ably small Democratic vote, most
of it having gone for the Pomilist nominee
for Congress in the First District and for
the Republican nominee in the Second.
Democrats have apparently voted strongly
for free silver with a view to securing such
advocates in Congress rather than follow
their own forlorn hope in this State.
It is probable that Thomas H. Tongue
of Hillsboro (Republican) will be elected
to Congress from the First District.
Meager returns so far received indicate a
plurality with Vanderberg (Populist)
fcecona.
At Corvallis, Benton County, incom
plete returns give Tongue a majority of
thirteen over the Populist and Democratic
nominees out of a vote of 190. At Dallas,
Polk County, Tongue'? vote is just equal
the Populist and Democratic votes com
bined. Tongue's position on the silver
qties; ion is evasive.
The free silver Democrats in order to de
feat'him have throughout Lane, Linn and
J.i ::'on counties voted for Vanderberg,
the Populist nominee.
Ellis, the reeular Republican nominee
for Coneress in the Second District,
and for free silver, has und mbtedly
been elected, though by a de
creued plurality, which is dv to the
candidacy of the independent sound
money Republican. Northnp. Inman
(Pop.) will be second and Benne't (D.)
third, with the sound money candidate
fourth.
It is probable that many free-silver Dem
ocrats in Eastern Oregon have voted for
Ellis, fearing that the Republican defec
tion to.Northup would defeat him and
silver.
They would rather have a free-silver Re
publican than ;i pold Republican, and they
knew that their candidate (Bennett) stood
no chance.
Tho vote in the Second District, includ
ing Portland, for t the Democratic, Popu
list and regular Republican nominees
who favor free silver, is about three-fourths
of the total, showing that one-fourth of
. the district is for the cold standard.
The result for legislative nominees in
the country iis so complicated that it is im
pos>ible to tell how Senator John H.
ilitchell stands for re-election. In Port
land it is likely, though not certain, that
the Mitchell Republican nominees for the
Legislature are elected.
In Astoria the Republican vote in
creased 50 per cent over two years ago,
and Northup. for Congress, polled an un
expectedly laree vote. Umatiila County
has gone Republican, which is the second
time in twenty years.
Ex-Governor Sylvester Pennoyer is elect
ed Mayor of Portland. He is Democratic,
Taxpayers' and Populist nominee, and has
defeated D. Solis Cohen, the regular Re
publican nominee, and General C. F.
i>ebe, the Independent Republican nom
inee.
The result? of vote" on other candidates
are mixed. Though trouble was expected
at tne polls none occurred. Deputy
Sheriff Ooodman attempted to vote four
prisoners from the county jail, among
whom was one charged with a fiendish
murder. The attempted fraud was unsuc
cessful.
The respectable element of the citizens
formed a sort of vigilance committpe to
watch attempts at crooked work at the
polls, but there wa-< little for tbe members
to do. Much money was spent by the
Mitchell Republicans.
This is supposed to have come from
the Smithern Pacific Company. Senator
Mitchell favors the Santa Monica harbor
appropriation and the SouthPrn Pacific
debt-funding bill before Congress, which
may account for the company's^donation.
DUNHAM'S TRAIL
FOUND AGAIN.
[Continued from First Vnge.\
save himself and the child, would the
child inherit the entire esiate?"
Ifr. Johmon replied: "Yes it would.
That is the iaw of consan uinity.' 1
. "I'm glad of that," was Dunham's reply,
and then he quickly undertook to cover
the strange remark by saying:
"You know I am going to study law
myself, and 1 am after as many of these
old points as possible."
This conversation recurred to Mr. John
son to-day while discussin-r the crime.
He says it is singular that the odd con
versation had not recurred to him before,
in view of the frightiul manner his quasi
client fulfilled the conditions he raised in
his hypothetical question.
: He thinks there i? no doubt that the
quiet-mannered, low-spoken man, sitting
in the window at his side that day waiting
to witness the festival of flowers had at
that moment, in his mind, the purpose
and plan to destroy the entire McGlincy
. family, as he has since done it.
. MliS. M*OX,IJrC*'B WILL.
Practically All of Her Property Hi-,
qufthed to Ilf-r Son James.
SAN JOSE, Cal., June I.— A will of the
late Ada M. McGlincy lias been lound. It
was filed for i robate this afiernoon bj At
.■: torney H. M. Hyland on the petition o
E. N. Parr, who was named as one ol the
executors. The other executor named was
her fon, James K. Wells, who was killed.
The value of the estate is estimated in the
petition at $31,000. The will bequeaths
the bulk of the property to the son, the
i only other bequest being to the daughter,
| Hattie, in the sum of $100. The husband
I is.purpysely left out— for the good of all
! parties, the will says.
I The petition states that the devisees are
I all dead, and then goes on to say:
That the next of kin of said testatrix, whom
your petitioner is advised and believes to be
heir-at-law of said testatrix, is Dunham,
aped about 4 weeks, residing at 729 Turk
street, City of San Francisco, in the care of
M. P. Brewer; that said child is a grandson to
deceased, and said grandson has no given
name ; tnat at the time said will was executed,
to wit, the 7th day of March, 189G, said testa
trix was over 18 years, to wit, 54 years, .was of
sound mind, not acting under duress or undue
influence, and was in every respect compe
tent to dispose of her estate; that said will is
in writing, signed by testatrix and attested by
witnesses.
The will is as follows:
I, Ada McGlincy, of the County of Santa Clara,
State of California, of the age of 54 years,
being of sound and disposing mind, not act
ing under duress, menace, fraud or undue in
fluence, do make, publish and declare this my
last will ana testament, in the manner fol
lowing:
First— l give and bequeath to my daughter
Hattie B." Wells (now Ilattie B. Dunham), wife
of James C. Dunham of the said county, the
sum $100. v y.
Second— l give and bequeath all the rest,
residue and remainder of my personal prop
erty whatsoever owned by me at the time of
my death to my son J. K. Wells of the said
county and State.
Third— have purposely omitted to be
queuih any of my estate to my kind husband,
and it Is my will that he shall not receive any
portion of my estate. , I believe that my hus
band will a^ree that the disposition of my es
tate as herein bequeathed is made with the
best and purest motives and for the best inter
est of my children and beloved husband.
Last— i nominate my son, J. K. Wells, and
E. N. Parr of Campbells executors of this, my
will and testament, and 1 direct that they be
not required to give bonds as such for any pur- j
pose, nor receive any remuneration. I hereby
revoke all former wills by me made.
In witness wHereof I have hereunto set mv
hand and seal this 7th day of March, 1896.
Ada m. McGlinct.
James W. Ftndlay, San Jose, ) W Hn*s«n S
F. C. Sheerer, San Jose. jNN lta essos.
The curious provision concerning the
husband is explained in the fact that the
property all belonged to Mrs. McGlincy
when she was Mrs. Wells. There is no
doubt that there was a*n understanding,
a mutual confidence, that Jimmy Wells
would do what was right with his step
father. :fi\\i. ,
PRICE FOR SHAM'S BODY.
Organization of a Safety Committee by
Leading Citizens.
SAN JOSE, Cal., June I.— A circular
fell into the hands of a number of prom
inent citizens late this afternoon from
| some mysterious source. It read as fol-
I lows:
San Jose, June 1, 1896.
Dear Sir: This Invitation and notice is given
, because of the confidence reposed in you that
its contents will not be divulged. The scene of
! the most heartless crime of history has been
! laid in our county (near our own homes).
! James C. Dunham has foully murdered three
women and three men. The murderer is at
I liberty, with chances strongly in favor of his
! escape. The laws of our State offer no substan
j tial aid in bringing about his capture.
Believing it to be the duty of every citizen to
aid in-supporting the laws of the land— and
when the law is inadequate, to heroic
ally come to its support— you are ap
■ pealed to by a committee to .meet, In
company with many of our best citizens at the
I Courthouse, in the courtroom of Department
i 1, this Monday evening, June 1, at the hour
i of 8 o'clock sharp, for the purpose of devising
ways and means for assisting in the work of
pursuing; and capturing murderer James C.
: Dunham.
Be assured that this meeting is not called for
| the purpose of forming a vigilance com
-1 mittee, but solely for the purpose
iof lawfully assisting the officers and
i the law in bringing to justice the most
vicious criminal in the history of this country.
You have the privilege of bringing with you
any responsible citizen who Till assist, pro
viding that you, as a man o! honor, will vouch
I for his responsibility. Present this notice at
the inner door of tho courtroom of depart
ment 1.
As this is hq occasion and cause that appeals
to the heart and , manhood of every honorable
citizen we sincerely hope that yon will not
permit any other matter to Interfere whereby
you will be unable to attend this meeting.
Respectfully yours, Committee of Safety.
Responding to the circular fifty leading
: citizens assembled in Judge Loriean's
j courtroom to-ni.ht. M. H. Hyland pre
i sided, District Attorney Herrington acted
;as secretary. Some favored the offering of
a large reward; others advocated the em
! ployment of skilled detectives.
S. A. Moulton created excitement by
; shouting that Campbells would give $1500
for the murderer dead or alive.
"We don't do things by halves in Camp
bells, and we mean business. 1 think the
■ people of Santa Clara County should offer
' $25,000 or $50,000," said he.
James Wyatt declared that a reward of
' $10,000 would bring the work of the best
! detectives."
Dr. J. K. Secord moved that it be the
sense of the meeting that Santa Clara.
j County offer a reward of $10,000 for Dun-
Footgear Made of a Gunnysack Found
in the Mountains by Sheriff
Baliou. It Had Been Worn by
Murderer Dunham to Throw the
Bloodhounds Off the Scent.
ham. deaii or alive. It was suegested that
a mass-meeting be called for Wednesday
afternoon. A pledge as follows was
adopted:
We the undersigned hereby pronounce and
agree to pay ifte sum sei opposite our names
to any person or persons who shall capture
James ('. Dunham, the murderer of the Mc-
Ulincy family, dead or alive. .
Chairman Hyland headed the list with
$100 ar.d urged all present to sign. L. A.
Bpitser was appointed treasurer and a re
cess taken for subscriptions. Nearly $700
was pledged, making over $1100 with the
amount from Campbells.
A committee hs. follows was appointed
First ward— L. A. Ppitzer, James Howard, T.
('. Bogan, Tyler Bench.
Beeoad ward— H. J. Kdward, M. Phillips, D.
V. Haloney, B. A. Karker, James T. Rucker.
Third ward— l>r. D. K. Mcdraw, Schem
m<l, J. B, Watt, George \V. Ryder.
Fourth' ward— Ad olpn Greenlnirer. V.Koch,
E. J. Meirose, I. W. Fisher.
A RMS STOLEN FROM A RANCH.
A Theft Santa Cruzana Attribute to Mur-
derer itunham.
SANTA CRUZ, Cal., June I.— A. G. Lay
of Glenwood, a member of the Board of
Supervisors, reported to-day that on Fri
day night a rifle, a pistol and other articles
were stolen from a cabin on bis ranch. He
at firpt thoueht it was the work of tramps,
but the reflection that tramps in this
section do not carry arms rather discon
certed him.
The fact that Murderer Dunham was
said to have been seen at Wrights, whiota
Is in the neighborhood of Gltnwood, has
given rise to tiie belief tiiat Dunham came
down the narrow-gauge way and that it
traa lie who entered the cabin of Supervisor
Lay. It is not believed here that Dunham
committed su die. Glenwood is between
Santa Cruz and Campbells, and it is possi
ble ihat he came th.s way until he reached
Glenwood, and then pushed on southward.
THE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JUKE 2, 1896.
STOLEN FROM
MARIN COUNTY,
Shortage in the Accounts
of Tax Collector
Louden.
DISCOVERED BY CHANCE
Treasurer Fallon's Refusal to
Sign a Receipt Exposes
the Steal.
BONDSMEN LOSE HEAVILY.
The Defaulter Admits Having Invested
Several Thousand Dollars Not
His Own.
SAN RAFAEL, Cal., June I.— A defal
cation in the Sheriff's and Tax Collector's
office became generally Known here this
morning, and is creating no small excite-
R. B. LOUDEN, THE MARIN COUNTY DEF.W LTING TAX COLLECTOR.
ment. The officers in the Courthouse were
aware of the shortage on Friday afternoon,
but kept it very quiet, thinking that it J
might help the bondsmen to make up ]
what had been taken. Marin County has
not been so aroused since Treasurer Austin
defaulted nearly ten years ago.
Sheriff Harrison has had as a deputy for
several years R. B. Louden, an expert ac
countant, who has exported the books of
the Grand Jury of Marin County for sev
eral years. He has been a deputy Re
corder, and at the last election was de- I
feated for County Clerk on the Democratic j
ticket. He was formerly secretary for one i
of the largest Alaskan salmon canneries, j
of which ex-Mayor William F. Bradford j
was president, and was held in highest j
esteem by tne directors of the company.
Treasurer Fallon was to have made his
semi-annual settlement for this county
with the State Controller on Ma/ 30. Lou
den took the receipt for the tax money
into the Treasurer's office on May 28 and !
asked Fallon to sign it, but as he did not
have the money with him Fallon refused.
Louden left the office, saying that he
would be back with the money soon, but
as he failed to return as quickly as Fallon
thought he should, the Treasurer went to
the Sheriff's office to get the money, j
Louden said that some one still owed him
$100 on their taxes, which ne had ad
vanced, and in that way kept putting
Fallon off for the rest of the day.
On Friday, however, Fallon insisted that
he must have the money, or he would
notify the State Controller that he was
unable to get it from the Tax Collector,
and in that way shift the responsibility
from his office. Louden then went out
among friends to borrow the amount
needed. He met Janies Cochrane and ex
plaining his need for money asked him
for $ 100; then he changed it to $250, and
gradually raised the amount, saying he
needed $!XK). Cochrane promptly gave it
to him, taking security for the amount, '.
Louden then turned the money over to j
Treasurer Fallon.
The trouble soon became noised about I
through the Courthouse, and Sheriff Har- i
rison, Auditor Benson, District Attorney |
Martinelli and Assistant District Attorney
3. J. Murray began an investigation. Dis
trict Attorney Martinelli ordered Louden
into custody.
On being sharply questioned, Louden j
admitted further deficits, amounting to
about $3500 in all. from fees, licenses and
Sausalito taxes. Expert William F. j
Dougherty was immediately put on the
books, and, from a partial investigation,
he believes that the loss will not exceed j
the $3500 which Louden admits having !
taken.
Louden has a wife and four children, j
He is a son-in-law of George W. Atchiey, |
with whom the Louden family resides in ;
the hills of Ross Valley, near Tamalpais '
station. As far as known, Louden has no
bad habits and the money has gone most
mysteriously. Mr. Cochrane is the heavi
est los r among his friends, and it is said
that Louden borrowed $100 from M. Her- I
zog.
If Treasurer Fallon had signed the re
ceipt, thinking that Sheriff Harrison was
following immediately after Louden with I
the money, as has previously been done, I
the responsibility would have been thrown
upon him.
The District Attorney will file a crimi
nal complaint against Louden as soon as
Dougherty has completed the scrutiny of
the books. Louden is at present in the
County Jail. Sheriff Harrison and Lou
dens bondsmen, who are George W. Atch
iey, M. F. Cochrane, Supervisor Scown,
Joseph Escalle and J. W. Cochrane, are
arranging matters with the county.
Louden claims to have invested the
money in his father-in-law's property in
Koss Valley.
ASHORE AT LUKNUGAIN ARM.
The Stramer Utopia Likely to Go to
Pieces on the Sands.
SEATTLE, Wash., Junel.— The steamer
Utopia, according to Alaska advices re
ceived this morning, was caught in a gale
and driven high and dry on the beach at
Turnagain Arm. Despite every effort she
dragged her anchors and was plunged
hard upon the sands. Information to this
effect was obtained from the steamer
Bertha, which reached Juneau from
Cooks Inlet. The Utopia has been ex
pected to return to mis, her home port,
every day for a fortnight, but the indica
tions are, so reports say, that she will be
totally wrecked before she is got off.
Death at Pacific Grove.
PACIFIC GROVE, Cal., June I.— W. L.
Silman passed away early this morning
after a few days' sickness. Mr. Silman
came to California in 1852, and was well
known in many parts of the State, having
many relatives in Merced and Monterey
counties. He was a large land-owner in
Merced County, and possessed consider
able Merced City property.
Sudden Death at Sapa.
XAPA, Cal., June I.— A. B. Mosher left
his home four miles north of here yester-
day forenoon and did not return. Toward
night his little son became alarmed and
notified neighbors. A search was made
and at 1 o'clock this morning his body was
found in a lieid near home. The Coroner's
jwry returned a verdict of death from
apoplexy. Moshei was a native of New
\ ork and CAS years old.
SAN JOSE WILL CONTEST.
Mrs,. Husbands ■ Mvrnrs She Was Be- i
■ . troth to Capitalist Parker.
SAN JOSE, Cal., June I.— The trial of.
the Parker will case was resumed this
morning. During the cross-examination
Mrs. Mildred Husbands stated that if Par
ker had not died and her hearth had im
proved she and Parker would have been
married.
Mrs. Catherine Greenman stated that
she became acquainted with Parker fif
teen years ago. He frequently, talked of
putting an end to himself, and fearing
that he might do so Mrs. Parker kept such
weapons as knives and razors from'him."
During the cross-examination by Mr.
Delmas, the witness stated that Parker
once told her his son had married an ad
venturess.
The deposition of "W. C. Palmanteer was
read, but the portions referring to Par
ker's mental abilities were ruled out. In
the deposition of Mrs. L. Law, the belief
was expressed that Parker was insane be
cause he ate very. rapidly. The trial will
go on to-morrow.
/'lion of Crete and Greece*
ATHENS, Greece, June I.— The Chris
tian insurgents who were besieging the
town of Varans have retreated to the
mountains, where they have joined other
insurgent bands and proclaimed the union
of Crete and Greece.
A RECORD BE AKER.
O'Brien's Great Sacrifice Clearance Sale
Opens to a Booming in.-**.
Yesterday J. J. O'Brien & Co. annual
summer clearance sale opened to thebiggest
day's business of any of the big days re
corded during their many previous great
sales, and in viewing the unbroken streams
of humanity that all the afternoon poured
through- i he broad portals of the firm's
mammoth establishment at the junction
of Market, .Jones and McAllister streets,
it almost seemed as if the whole town had
turned out in response to the announce
ment of the sale in Sunday's Cam, a d
other papers.
'1 hat this announcement, coming so un
usually early in the season, proved a sur
prise to every one goes without saying,
but that it was a most agreeable "surprise"
was shown by the immediate and over
whelming response w ich greeted it. "
In explanation of the unusual earliness
of the sale this year Mr. J. J. O'Brien, the
senior member of the firm, stated that,
owing to the extreme backwardness of the
spring season they found themselves heav
ily overstocked and therefore determined
to start the sale a month earlier than us
ual, as even then it would require their
most strenuous efforts to force out the tre
mendous quantities of goods, to be dis
posed of.
The sweeping cuts in prices which inau
gurate the sale, coupled with the fact that
it occurs just at the height of the ; buying
season and by ; its earliness also -enables
many who are out of town for the summer
when it generally occurs ■to share in the
rare money saving opportunity afforded,
explains yesterday's tremendous outpour
ing of customers, who will .undoubtedly
spread the news of the remarkable char
acter of the sale and thus insure its con
tinued success.
SAN JOSE GREETS
THE HIBERNIANS,
The Biennial Convention of
the Ancient Order
Opened.
HIGGINS IN THE CHAIR.
Rev. Father McNally Delivers
an Eicquent Address to
the De egates.
CHEERS FOR FATHER CROWLEY.
Called Upon to Speak to His Fellow
Members — Progress of the
Past Year.
SAN JOSE, Cal., June I.— The Ancient
Order of Hioernians — as ancient as 1785 in
i America and as remote as the Siege of
Limerick in Ireland— is holding a bien
nial convention here. This benevolent
order, to which only persons of Irish an
cestry and Roman Catholic faith can be
long, has doubled its strength in Califor
nia during tlie past year. In the early
days of the order one could not join unless
both his father and mother were Irish, and
if the division existed in Ireland he, too,
bad to be Irish. Of late years good Irish
stock on one side of the house is all that is
required for membership, sc far as blood is
concerned. The State conventions of the
order throughout the United States are
now revising the old metnods, and are
meeting prior to the National convention.
The old-fashioned plan was to assemble
the divisions of the State in convention
after the National assembly had adjourned.
The leading features of the convention
to-day were the addresses referring to the
recent growth of the order and ths great
increase promised in all sections of the
State. In calling the convention to order
this forenoon State President Bernard
Higgins spoke of the wonderful advance
ment during the past year, and declared
that the increase next year would be four
fold. He advised harmony, arid expressed
gratification that the attendance was so
large.
Rev. Father Crowley, chaplain of the
County Board of San Francisco, occupied
a sent on the platform when the conven
tion was opened. Following tho presi
dent's introductory address there was a
loud call for Father Crowley, and when
he arose to respond cheers greeted him.
He said that he had not regarded it as a
part of his duty to address the conven
tion, and he did not desire to detain his
hearers with a long address. It was not
for oratory that they had assembled, but
for work. That was the aim— the great
object — of the convention. He had al
ways discouraged oratory and encouraged
work, believing that work was the surest
way to promote the success and advance
ment of the order. He hoped the delib
erations would be guided and animated by
friendsnip, unity and true Christian char
ity — the motto of the order.
Father McN ally's address was eloquent
and persuasive. He was glad to see so
many noble young men present. The
presence of so many native sons afforded
him delight and he noted with pleasure
the fine intellects represented. He urged
upon the young men who listened to him
to respect the obligations of citizenship
and promote the spirit of true patriotism
and love of country in the land.
During the evening session Father Ma
guire of San Jose delivered the opening
address. It was brief and happiiy phrased.
! He extended to the representatives of the
! order a hearty welcome to San Jose, and
i lie knew by the preparations made by the
j three divisions in Santa Clara County that
! a generous hospitai.ty would be offered.
He said he could sptak of the ane'eut or
i der, of its past career, of its charities and
benevolence, its success and its trials, but
he would not detain his hearers. He con
gratulated the convention on the quality
of its membership and the spirit which
seemed to guide them.
The State convention was called to order
this afternoon by Bernard S. Higgins of
San Jose, State president. The following
delegates were registered and admitted:
Division No. 2, San Franctsco— Bentley Lee,
Mnrtin Densy, John Kenny, Daniel Sheehan,
Jeremiah Kellogg.
Division No. 3, Pan Francisco— John Ryall,
J. P. McEviily, M. 11. McCafferty, J. J. Dona
hue. M. O'Donnell.
Division No. 5, San Francisco— M. J. Wrln,
Kdward I. Sheehan, Thoraa* E. Willey, Patrick
J. Hogan, Georpe H. Colby.
Division No. 8, San Francisco— M. Ahem, J.
J.Donovan, J.J. Moran, J. H. Maguiunis, C.
McCrystal, James O'Toole.
D.vision No. 9, Pan Francisco— John C. Ryan,
J. Mac Donald, Owen Kerrigan, Patrick Man
ning, Morris P. Healy.
Division No. 10, Pan Francisco— John B.
O'Connor, Michael Donahue, J. H. Dolan, J.
CougWin, I). Kelly.
Division No. 11, Ban Francisco— F. G. Peter
son, E. J. Hannon, J. D. Condon, J. G. Kear
ney, J.J. Stack.
Division No. 12, San Francisco— J. P. Dignan,
J. J. C'oughliH, J, F. Renault, T. Doyle, F. Dris
coU.
Division No. 14, San Francisco — J. P. Henry,
J. E. Kenny, Eugene McCoy, J. H. O Brien,
John McConvil.
Division No. 15, San Francisco — Jenning
Phillips, John J. Crowley, William Gillespie,
Thomas Hilliard, M. J. White.
Division No. 16. San Francisco— L. C. Cull,
R. J. O'Reilly, J. M. Keeney, M. J. Moran. J. J.
Cunningham.
Division No. 17, San Francisco— T. Broderlck,
M. <>. Mahoney, T. J. McCoruaick, T. H. Riley,
K. s. Shepston".
Division No. 19, San Francisco— M. J.
Vaughun. T. M. Murray, J. P. McGorick, T.
McArdle, ThomasMiilloney.
Division No. 20, San Francisco — Euirene
O'Connor, William Sbaughnessy, J. O'Brien,
Martin Finnell. Jonn O'Neill.
Division No. 1, Alameda— D. J. Murphy, W.
J. Ogurra, M. Sullivan.
Division No. '2, Alameda— M. Dudy, D. Barry,
W. L' -ucrian.
Division No. 3, Alameda— James Smith, P.
Mul.eu, J. J. Smith, N. Nolan.
Division No. 4, AlameUa— M. J. Fitzgerald, F.
McAllister.
Division No. 5, Alameda — James Doyle,
Tliomus Nulty.
Los Angeles— D. A. Ryan, A. Ty an, C. Hick
son, 11. <.;. Smith.
Santa Clara— M. Moyll, R. StPwart, M. Con-
DOliy, J. Meßignay, John Toner.
Pan Mateo— J. U. O'Keefe, P. Lenehan.
Division No. VJ, Santo, Ciara— B. Farrell, J.
Logue, Thomas Kearney, M. Crow.
Division No. 3, Santa Clara— Thomas Hogan,
R. T. McMuhon, Joseph Sex, H. Q. Dougherty,
w. N. i uel, J. 11. Curron, Thomas Counelly, J.
E. Kiordan.
N'va>ia County— J. Dunnicliffe.
Sacramento — J. J. O'Brien, M. Eagon.
Santa Cruz— William Murphy.
Solauo— l\ Deneon, M. L. Keefe, M. A. Ca
vano.
Many delegates are expected to arrive
to-night and others on the early trains to
morrow. The convention appointed, a
committee of credentials, consisting of
Jerome Deasev, W. A. Rvan, M. Farrell, J.
H. Curen, J. Donnelly, W. O'Brien, P.
Deasey, P. D neen and 1). Riche.
The proceedings this afternoon devel
oped some oratory in the discussion of the
proposition to admit proxies or alternates
in the absence of the regular delegates.
As the National convention of the order
established a precedent, the State conven
tion decided to follow it, and several Los
Angeles delegates who are not division
officers were given places on the floor.
Convention hall is tastefully decorated
with the National col»rs and those of the
ordei.
Nearly half the delegates assembled at
the Y. M. I. Hall are native sons The
strong representation of the young Cali
fornia element is the subject of much" com
ment. One notic s in the convention
quite a number of Grand Army badges,
also.
In the convention Judge Ryan and Ed
ward Tynan of Los Angeles are making a
strong impression by th^ir advocacy of
modern and progressive methods, j. J.
Donovan of San Francisco is making a
vigorous contention for home rule in the
government of divisions. J. J. Con
din of San Francisco, who was
a member of the constitutional
convention of I*7B-79, is taking a cons ic
uous part in thedebates. James E. Kenny
is also very active. Captain Wrin,
R. J. O'Reilly, Captain Ed 1. Shee
han and John Lenny of San Fran
cisco, who are the acknowledged rep
resentatives of the •Id guard of tne
older, are seemingly more eager for
the introduction of modern and progres
sive methods than the native sons. The
native sons are unusually active and all
earnest in recommending that vigorous
step* b<: taken to extend the order to every
prominent own on the Pacific coast.
Bernard Higgins has a difficult conven
tion to manage, as the speakers are ready,
earnest and often impulsive. He has
gained laurels as a presiding officer.
The election-of officers for the ensuing
year will take place to-morrow afternoon
at 2 o'clock.
The time is positively set for that hour,
although some figuring with a view of
postponing it to 4 o'clock, or later, has
been going on. Much interest is mani
fested in the event.
The leading candidates for president are
Bernard Hi. gins of San Jose and J. P.
Dignan and J. J. Donovan of San Fran
cisco. The candidates for State secretary i
are Charles McCarthy of Oakland and Ed '
I. Sheehan and John Kenny of San Fran- j
Cisco. Mathew Crow of Menlo Park has
yet no opposition for State treasurer.
Many important changes were made in \
the by-laws of the order this evening, i
The discussion was continued until a late j
hour.
It was decided to create the offices of
two State vice-presidents and an advisory
board of seven members, whose duty it
shall be to extend the membership of the
order, organize new divisions and gener
ally work for the success and harmony of
the organization.
Among the communications presented
at the close of the evening session was one
from Archbishop Riordan, regretting his
inability to attend in consequence of pre
vious engagements at San Rafael and else
where.
He extended his best wishes for the
prosperity of the order.
As near as can be ascertained the official
reports will show a present membership
in California approximating 7000.
PETALUMA'S NEW WOMEN
They Propose to Beautify tbe
Streets aod Plazas of
the Tcwn.
Form an Improvement Club Which
Asks No", the Assistance of
Silurian Man.
PETALUMA, Cal., June 1.-The lead
ing women of Petaluma have organized a
Ladies' Improvement Club, which prom
ises to be a permanent institution, having
for its object the improvement of the town
in any and every desirable and beautify
ing way.
Tlie founding of the club was originally
5-uggested by Miss L^na Shattuck, the
bright and energetic proprietress of the
Petaluman, the first aim being only to im
prove the several plazas in a modest way,
but the ladies have become so enthusiastic
that now bandstands, fountains, rustic
seats, choice p-»nts and palms will dec
orate the squares and the fair ones are
fully determined that the improvements
shall be permanent. To that end they in
tend giving a series of entertainments at
popular prices, asking the aid of none of
the sterner 6ex, and the ushers, door
keepers and all employes in the entertain
ment ■ ill be members of the clnb.
The officers oi the club are: Mrs. H. H.
Atwater, president ; Miss Rena Shattuck,
vice-president; Miss K. Weston, secretary;
Miss Stella Newbur.Th, corresponding sec
retary; Miss Zoe Fairbanks, treasurer.
The first entertainment will take place
on the evening of June 20, and will consist
of dramatic and musical features, with
fortune-telling booths and other attrac
tions to tempt the desired coin from the
pockets of tlie audience.
The ladies intend to see that the edges
of the cement sidewalks are decorated
with plains, the magnolia being the favor
ite. All these plans for improvement,
and even more will be carried to a success
ful issue, for when the "new women" of
Petaluma become interested in any under
taking they move everything to gain their
point.
SILVER RULES AT FRESNO.
Gold- Standard Men Defeated in the Dem
ocratic County Convention.
FRESNO, Cal., June I.— ln to-day's
Democratic County Convention, the silver
men won a signal victory over the gold
standard men. Last night many of the
administration Democrats were boasting
that they would have everything their
own way, but the silverites organized this
morning in a manner that took the gold
men by surprise in the convention.
The country delegates, the support of
the silver leaders, did not arrive until this
morning, and tney were immediately hur
ried to the office of M. K. Harris, where a
caucus was held, and J. H. La Rue,
brother of* the Railroad Commissioner,
was decided upon for chairman.
The vote for chairman of th convention
was a test of the strength of each faction.
E. D. Edwards, the candidate cf the gold
men, received 49 votes and La Rue 117.
This was an overwhelming defeat of the
goldites, and they gave up the fight for
the day.
Even when a plank in the platform call
ing for the free and unlimited coinage of
silver was adopted not one voice from the
opposition was heard.
The pldtform indorses the administra
tion of President Cleveland, except as to
his financial i olicy.
The Southern Pacific and funding are
denounced in strong st language. The
course of Senator White and Congressman
Maguire is pointed to with congratulations
to the people of the State of California.
The charge of the Republicans that the
tariff laws passed by the Democratic party
are the cause of the financial depression is
denounced as untrue.
The committee on platform ignored a
petition sent to it by the local woman
suffrage, club, asking that its cause be
recognized.
A delegate introduced a suffrage resolu
tion as an amendment to the platform,
but it was voted down.
The following were elected delegates to
the State convention at large:
George E. Church, h. D. Edwards,
Lloyd W. Mouitrie. From Supervisorial
districts— B. T. Alford, R. B. Daniel, Os
car Johnson, T. J. Alexander, Eueene
Smith, H. C. Tnnper, J. W. Terrill, E. D.
Vogelsang, W. W. Hutchinson, J. H. La
rue.
Although a gold man, Mr. Edwards was
elected because of his popularity among
the delegates.
Condition of the Treasury
WASHINGTON, D. C, June 1.-The
debt statement issued to-day shows a net
increase in the public debt, less cash in
the treasury, during May of $\158,730. To
tal cash in the treasury, $861,766,970.
ROUND VALLEY
LYHCHERS' FATE.
Constables Crow and Van
Horn Sentenced at
Weaverville.
LONG TERMS IMPOSED.
Twenty-Five Years in Prison
for the Murder of "Jack"
Littlefield.
COUNSEL PLEADS IN VAIN.
Judge Ellison Finds No Reason for
Dealing Leniently With the
Assassins.
WEAVERVILLE, Cal., June I.—Con
stable iJayles Van Horn and Deputy Con
l stable John Crow were to-day sen
tenced to spend twenty-tive years behind
i the walls of San Quentin prison for the
i lynching of poor "Jack" Littleh'eld on
' Red Mountain on September 27, 1805.
Judge Ellison's courtroom was packed
i when the prisoners were brought in to
| learn their fate. Lone Ridgers had as-
I sembled in numbers, and their gratifica
, tion at the heavy penalty imposed upon
: the murderers of the vaquero was not con
! coaled. Opposite them were the Round Val
ley people — subjects of "King" George S.
■ White — who were deeply moved when the
i words condemning their former neighbors
and companions to what is equivalent to a
life of servitude were pronounced.
The concluding chapter in this thrilling
drama was impressive. Impassioned ap
peals were made for mercy on the
prisoners, but in vain. They had been
convicted of Having put to death in a
cowardly manner a brave man, whom they
arrested on a trumped-up charge, his only
crime being that he was one of tne few
who dared oppose the outlaw rulers of fair
Round Valley. Judge Ellison could find
nothing in that deed that warranted
leniency.
The morning session was taken up by
the reading of affidavits on the part of the
prosecution as an offset to the affidavits of
the defense on the misconduct of the jury.
The counsel for the defense applied to the
court for leave to cross-examine the
affiants. This application was denied.
When court convened at 1:30 o'clock
Hon. D. G. Reid made an eloquent plea
for the defense in support of a motion for
a new trial, asking that it be granted on
the grounds of the insufficiency of the
evidence, errors of law during the trial and
the misconduct oi the jury. Special stress
was laid upon the allegation that the jury
after it had retired for deliberation had
been treated before taking supper to in
toxicating liquors. After the close of the
argument the court denied the motion fora
new trial, and before passing sentence an
other pica was made by Attorney Reid on
behalf of the defendant?.
Then the court ordered Crow and Van
Horn to stand up and receive sentence.
Both listened to their fate without any out
ward semblance of emotion. John Crow
faced the issue without fear or
trembling. Constable Van Horn, the
younger man, had prepared himself to
meet whatever might be in store, and he
was equally composed.
In delivering the sentence Judge Ellison
said the defense had been conducted in an
unusually able and skillful manner, but,
according to the evidence, he felt that he
must disregard the recommendation of the
jury for mercy (the jury had found the
defendants guilty of murder in the second
degree, with recommendation to the mercy
of the court), and he imposed upon
each of the defendants a sentence of
twenty-five years in the State prison at Sao
Quentin.
On motion of counsel a stay of proceed
ings was granted lor thirty days, within
which a bill of exceptions and an appeal
to the Supreme Court will be prepared.
Caused It-/ Specuintion.
NORWICH, N. V., June I.— George H.
Mahan, secretary of the Cheiago Co
operative Savings ard Loan A-sociation
of this place and also manager of the
Western Union Telegraph Company, was
arrested to-day for the embezzlement of
$6800 of the loan association's money. It
is said that Mahan lost the money spec
ulating in railroad stocks.
REV TO- DAT.
EAGLESOK & .CO
LARGE STOCK
o:f"
Summer
Underwear
In Balbriggan, Egyptian Thread, India
Lisle, French Balbnggan Lightweight,
Merino, Cashmere, Natural Wool,
Sanitary Wool, Silk and Wool, etc., •
AT LOWER PRICES
THAN EVER OFFERED.
NEGLIGEEH OUTING
SHIR.TS
In French Crape, English Cashmere, Onyx
Cloth, SilK and Linen, Silk and Wool,
Scotch Flannel, Club Cloth, French
. Flannel, English Cheviot, Fine
Botney Cloth, Al - ilk, etc.,
from $1.00 upward.
ALL AT FACTORY PRICES.
Fancy Shirts
IN ALLTHE LATEST DESIGNS
AT FACTORY PRICES.
White Sliirtsjeck Dress, Etc,
EAGLESON & CO.,
748A5D750 MARKET STREET, S.F.
242 MTGOMERY STREET, S. F.
LOS ANGELES and SACRAMENTO.AT THE COLLEGE
OF ST. IGNATIUS,
Literary Exercises by Un
dergraduates Open Com
mencement Week.
MANY SILVER MEDALS.
Thirty Little Boys Sing the
Phantom Chorus From
"£onnambula."
WARM DEBATE ON EDUCATION.
A Complete List of the Rhetoric
and Grammar Pupils Who
Receiv?d Prizes.
The literary exercises of the rhetoric
and grammar classes opened the thirty
seventh annual commencement week in
Exhibition Hall of St. Ignatius College, at
Van Ness avenue and Hayes street, last
night. The ball was crowded with the
proud, foiul parents, other relatives and
the friends of the young members of the
classes.
Clarence Carrigan delivered a welcome
in Latin of his own composition, empha
sized with appropriate gestures. The
forum at Rome had presented many such
a scene, and the applause which followed
was none the less ringing than has
sounded in the Circus Maxiraus. It is
down in the experience of all college boys
that the translation of Latin may be an
easy thing, but the translation of English
into Latin is entirely another under
taking. Young Carrigan bowed as stately
as Cicero in recognition of the applause.
The exercises began with an overture by
the excellent orchestra of the college.
George G. Fox aelivered an essay on
the, "Fourteenth Centenary of the Bap
tism of Clovis." He recited how the tierce
King of the Franks had been won to Chris
tianity by his Queen Clotile, and how
France subsequently became the eldest
daughter of the church. His delivery and
the subject matter of the discourse were
heartily applauded.
A chorus of about thirty boys, with sev
eral men as bassos, sang the "Phantom,"
from the opera "Sonnambula," in tine
style. Being encored, they repeated it,
"Then came an original poem by John
Carrigan, "The Basilica of the Sacred
Heart, Moutmartre." Here is a verse
from it:
Dark was the hour of trial,
When wondering at the sight,
■ ' . '1 he world law prostrate*, lying
tinder the victors might.
On the red field of bade,
Grasping her shattered lance.
Scarce conscious that the right was lost,
Poor conquered, bleeding France.
France that had been so glorious,
France one to all so dear,
And proudly by her children bailed
The nation without peer.
Richard Lloyd Williams spoke as a
young man during the time of Constantine,
when lie Declaimed his Latin specimen,
De Bono Discipulo," and received his
full share of applause.
A small boy at the little end of a big cor
net, Master William Dewey, 12 years old,
completely captivated the audience by his
solos. He received almost as many en
cores as there are notes in the scale. Two
of the things he played were "Tne Blue
Bells of Scotland" and "Yankee Doodle."
There was another selection by the
college choir, and then came a debate on
the question : "Resolved, That a classical
education is, generally speaking, more
useful than a purely commercial train
ing" The affirmative" was supported by
William Barry and George Svetenich, and
the negative side of the question was
championed by Henry Fanning and
George Harloe.
The young men all made good and
energetic speeches, the strongest, per
haps, being that of Mr. Fanning. The de
cision was left by H. Merle, president of
the debate, with the audience, and the
audience was not called on to decide.
More music by the young chorus and
the orchestra followed and then the fac
ulty took seats on the platform and the
distribution of prizes was in order.
Silver medals were presented to those
having the highest scholarships and suit
able books to those winning premiums.
Frequently the announcement of the name
of a popular pupil was followed by ap
plause by his schoolmates and the audi
ence. The awards were as follows:
CLASSICAL COURSE.
CLASS OF RHETORIC.
Christian doctrine—
Medal, George G. Fox; premium, Percy Hen
nesy. Distinguished— Wiiiiam A. Breeu, Henry
F. Sullivau, Kraucis Mallon.
Latin and Greek—
Medal Benry F. Sallivan; premium, Percy
Hennesay. lnAinguished— William A. Breen,
Fox.
English—
first premium, Percy Hennessy; second
premium, George G. Fox. Distinguished-
Henry F. Sullivan, William A. Breen, Francis
Mallon.
Mathematics —
Lai, Henry Fanning; premium, Percy
Heunessy I istinguished — Francis Mallon,
ox, Henry F. Sullivan. William A.
Breen, William P. Barry,
ry —
Premium, Percy Hennessy. Distinguished-
George G. Fox. Wil.iain A. Breen, Henry F.
Sullivan, Francis Mallon, Henry Costa.
CLASS OF HUMANITIES.
Christian doctrine-
Medal, Henry Fanning; premium, wylle
Dunn, Distinguished— W. Williams, C. Carri
gan, J. Carrigan.
Lai and Greek —
Medal, John Carrigan; premium, Henry
Fanning. Distinguished — C. Carrigan, J.
Freechtle, \V. Williams.
English—
First premium, John Carrignn; second pre
mium,' Walter Williams. Distinguished— H.
Fanning, C. Carrigan, W. Dunn.
Algebra-
Medal, George W. HarJoe; premium, Edward
Crowley. Distinguished — Joseph Freechtle.
Clarence Carrigan, John Carngan, Constan
tine Bricea.
Premium, Wylle Dunn. Distinguished— ll.
Fanning, C. Carrigan, J. Carrigan, J. Freechtle.
Elocul — , • ,' . .
premium, John Carrigan. Distinguished—
W. Dunn, C. Carrigan, W. Williams.-
FIRST GEAMMAR CLASS.
Christian doctrine—
Medal, John Cuneo: premium. Hubert Hus
sey. Distinguished— Maher, Richard
Williams. Edward O'Day, Za<heus Maher,
George Hopkins, Constantino Bricea, George
01 H.
Latin and Greek—
Medal, Hubert Hussey; premium, Edward
O'Dfiv.' Distinguished— Zacheus Maher, Rich
ard Williams, William Kenny, Martin Maher,
John • unco, Constantine Bricca, George Oliva.
English—
First premium, Edward Day; second pre
mium Richard Williams. Distinguished—
Hubert Unssey, Martin Maher. William Barry,
Zufheus Maher, John Cuneo, Walter McDonald,
William ■ : -any.
Arithmetic— .
First premium, Stanislaus Rllcy; second pre
mium, Robert Connell. Distinguished— L.
Koland John- Cuneo, Thomas Doyle. William
X any.'li. J. O'Neill, A. L. Price, Daniel Smith,
K. L. 'Williams, George Thompson, R. Longa
baiiKli, Cornelius Deeney, Joseph Murphy,
Louis lires.
History*
• Premium, Richard Williams: Distinguished-
Michael Buckley, John Cuneo, Cornelius Dee
nev, Martin Halter, Hubert Hussey, William
Keany, William Barry, Andrew Mead.
Elocution— < ' ■ ■ ~, . , , j,
Premium, William Barry. Distinguished—
Hubert Hussey, Edward O'Day, Ferdinand
Neuberger, Martin Merle, Henry Stark, Angelo
Beretta, John Cuneo.
SECOND GRAMMAR CLASS, DIVISION A.
Christian doctrine—
Modal, Witold Zachert; premium, Stanislaus
Ri ey. Distinguished— J. Craviotto, D. O'Neill,
T. Lamey, 3. Murphy, J. Harloe.
Latin and Greek —
Medal, John Craviotto; premium, Witold
Zachert. Distinguished— S. Riley, D. O'Neill,
T. Lamey, G. Jobst, J. Harloe, W. Dunn, J.
Murphy.
English-
First premium, Stanislaus Riley; second pre
mium, John Craviotto. Distinguished —W.
Zachert, D. O'Neill, E. Byrne, E. Crowley, J.
Murphy.
Arithmetic-
First premium, Bernard Power; second pre
mium. Joseph I. Connell. Distinguished—Jo
seph (iraughran, W. Ward.
History and geography—
Premium, Daniel O'Neill. Distinguished— J.
Craviotto, S. Riley, J. Uarloe.
Elocution-
Premium, Stanislaus Riley. Distinguished —
E. Crowley, H. Peters, J. Co'ffey, T. B. Doyle.
SECOND GRAMMAR CLASS, DIVISION B.
Christian doctrine-
Medal, James Dillon; premium, Henry Mc-
Carthy. Distinguished— t. Ryan, F. Churchill,
\V. Simpson, K. Redmond, B. Power, J.
Hughes, M. Power.
Latin and Greek-
Medal, Louis Ryan; premium, Henry Mc-
Carthy. DiMincui'shed, J. Council, J. Murphy,
J. Diilon, W. Simpson.
English —
First premium, Louis Ryan; second pre
mium, William Golden. Distinguished— M.
Power, H. McCarthy, B. Power, J. Hughes. F.
Lawler, J. Murphy.
Arithmetic —
First premium, John Craviotto; second pre
mium, Edw. F. O'Day. Distinguished— W.
Ward, W. Zachert.
History and geography —
Premium, Henry McCarthy. Distinguished —
B. Power, W. Golden, M. Power, J. Murphy, L.
Ryan, W. Simpson.
Elocution-
Premium, Wesley Simpson. Distinguished-
Bernard Power, William Barry, Henry McCar
thy, Daniel Murphy.
THIRD GRAMMAR CLASS, DIVISION A.
Christian Doctrine-
Medal, George W. Cunningham; premium,
John Sullivan. Distinguished — Rudolph Long
abaugh, George Svetenich, Jeremiah O'Con
nor. \Villiam Ward, V\ r illlam Dillon, Thomas
Galvin. «
Latin and Greek—
Medal, Jeremiah O'Connor; premium, George
Cunningham. Distinguished— William Dillon,
John Sullivan, Rudolph Longabuugh, George
Svetenich, John Collins.
English-
First premium, John Sullivan; second pre
mium, George W. Cunningham. Distin
guished—Louis Gehres, Jeremiah O'Connor,
Irvin Holmes. Rudolph Longabaugh, Thomas
Galvin, John Collins.
Arithmetic —
First premium, Jeremiah O'Connor; second
premium. George Svetenich. Distinguished —
Thomas Keete.
History and Geography—
Premium, George W. Cunningham. Dis
tinguished—L. Gehres, M. Masterson, &~
Longabaugh, J. O'Connor.
Elocution—
Premium, George Svetenich. Distinguished-
Thomas Galvin, R. Longabaugh, C. Lau
meister, M. Masterson, William Dillon, J.
O Connor.
Penmanship —
Premium, Irvin Holmes. Distinguished —
Charles Conlin, Francis Farrell, Tnomas Gal
vin, R. Longabaugh.
THIRD GRAMMAR CLASS, DIVISION B.
Christian Doctrine —
Mela!, William Canavan ; premium, James
Hclnerney. Distinguished— L. Emetsburg, J.
Madden, F. Williams, J. Sullivan, J. Clifford,
J. Bedoni, E. O'Keefe.
Latin ami Greek —
Medal, William Cauavan; premium, F. X.
Williams. Distinguished —H. Clifford, E.
O'Keefe, J. Mclnerney, G. Kast, J. Clifford.
English —
First premium, William Canavan; second
premium, J. Mclnerney. Distinguished— F. X.
Williams, Wiiiiam Nichols, E. O'Keefe, G.
Kast.
Arithmetic-
First premium, William Canavan; second,
premium, Henry Clifford. Distinguished-
James Mclnerney, Gregory Kast, Eugene
O'Keefe.
History and geography—
Fremium. Wiiiiam Canavan. Distinguished —
J. Madden, William Wilson.
Elocution-
Premium, Joseph Madden. Distinguished—
W. Canavan, A. Cleary, J. Clifford.
Penmanship —
Premium, James Laydon. Distinguished-
William McDonald, W T illiam Canavan, £.
O'Keefe, J. fehea.
PREPARATORY COURSE^
FIR.-T PREPARATORY CLASS.
Christian doctrine-
First premium, Thomas Snllivan; second
premium, Philip Spottiswood. Distinguished-
George Sturla, George Himmelstoss, John
Kearney, John UcQpeeney, John P. McQuade,
Joseph' Moriatti, William Xiestrath, Attilio
Pescia, William Samuel, Frank Schoenstein.
George Spottiswood, William Waltjen.
Latin—
Medal, Thomas Sullivan; premium. Philip
Spottiswood. Distinguished — George McNa
mara, George Sturla, John McQueeney, Charles
Mi-aght^r. Daniel Sullivan, Frank Schoenstein,
Martin Buckley, Harold Fisher.
English Branches —
First premium, Philip Spottiswood; second
premium. Thoma* Sullivan. Distinguished—
J. McQueeney, George Sturla, W. Niestrath, G.
Spottiswood.
Arithmetic —
First premium, Phil Spottiswood; second
premium, George Spottiswood. Distin
guished—A. Guntz, D. Sullivan, T. McGinney,
J. Mi 'Jueeney, W. Niestrath, F. Thomson, W.
Samu-1, F. Schoenstein, G. Slurla, J. Moriatti,
T. Sullivan, J. P. McQuade.
Penmanship-
Premium, John Kearney.
Distinguished— A. Brusco, C. Couture, G.
HinimelstOßs, D. O'Connor, W. Lamey, J. Mc
, W. Niestrath, J. Jenkins, R. Laydon, J.
McQueeney, R. Pattridge, L. McDonald, J.
Moriatti. F. Schoenstein.
1..0k keeping-
Premium, Witold Zachert.
Distinguished, William Ast.
SKCOND PREPARATORY CLASS.
Christian Doctrine —
First premium, Bobert Ryan; second pre
mium, Charles Smith. Distinguished— H. Tur
ner. H.Loner«an, T. Fox, E. Artana, J. Dufl'y,
R. Wlieeltin, M. Musante, R. Fuller, E. Magin
nis, H. McNeil.
Kngjish branches —
First premium, Robert Ryanr second pre
mium. Richelieu Wheelan. Distinguished— H.
Turner, Thomas Fox. C. Smith, E. Maginnis.
Arithmetic —
Fir.-t premium, James Duffy; second pre
mium, Cleveland Lundy. Distinguished— R.
Fuller, R. Ryan. A. Hamon, H. Lonergan, C.
Smith, M. Neper, T. Lundy, H. McNeil, R.
Wheelan, W. Foley.
Penmanship —
Premium— Marl us Neper. Distinguished—
W. Moran, J. Irvin, .1. Hickey, A. Artana, J.
Dermody, C. Lundy, R. Hughes, C. Smith, R.
Wheelan, R. Ryan.
THIRD PREPARATORY CLASS.
Christian Doctrine— First premium, Thomas
Curley; second premium, Wiiiiam Hussey.
Distinguished— Joseph Franzen, Joseph Mul
care, Willis O'Brien. Francis Tannian, Harry
Butler, Thomas Regan, Peter Descalso, Paul
O'Brien.
English branches—
FirsHpremiuui, Joseph Franzen; second pre
mium, William Hussey; distinguished, Thomas
Curley, Frank Tannian, George Hyland, Willis
O'Brien, Peter Descalso, Raymond Siems,
James Tomalty, James Mulcare.
Arithmetic—
First premium, Joseph Franzen; second
premium, Paul O'Brien. Distinguished—Wil
liam Hussey, F. Tannian. Lellis McCloskey,
Joseph Mulcare, Peter Descalso, Wade Doran,
Willis O'Brien.
Penmanship-
Premium, William Hussey.
HBST ELEMENTARY CLASS.
Deportment and application-
Premium, Michael Dower. Distinguished-
Henry Hen ne. Raymond Wilson, Victor
Zachert, Andrew Sveienich, Jonn O'Connor,
Charles Musante, Anthony Smith, Milton Sot
ton, George Bchlink, Martin Ryan, Leo Fitz
patrick. ( harles Sullivan, William Sullivan,
James Descalso
Christian doctrine —
¥i r^t premium, James Madden; second pre
mium, William Sullivan. Distinguished-
Thomas Ki<un. John O'Connor, Joseph Madden,
Kin met McCarron, Thomas Martin, Neil Mal
loy, Joseph Ileffernnn, Raymond Wilson,
Michael Dower, Leo Kitzpatrick, Victor Zachert.
English branches and arithmetic-
First premium, William Sullivan; second
premium, Joseph Burns. Distinguished—Jo
soph Heffernan, James Madden, Charles Sulli
vau, Emmet McCarron. Raymond Wilson,
Nathan Ferrogiaro, Fred Case! la, Thomas Blen
nerhassett, Joseph Madden, Michael Dower.
SECOND ELEMENTARY CLASS.
Deportment and application-
Premium, Cornelius McCoy. Distinguished—
Pietro Delweis, Frederick Shepherd, James
Coyle. James Morton, Hugh McLane, John
Yadden, David Norbie, James McElroy.
Christian doctrine-
First premium, John O'Brien; second pre
mium, Thorns* MeNamara. Distinguished—
William Reiterman, David Norbie, John Jones,
James Norton, James Massa, Fiournoy Master
son, Cornelius McCoy, Frank Kelly.
English branches and arithmetic-
First premium, Cornelius McCoy; second
premium, Frederick Shepnerd. Distinguished—
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JUNE 2, 1896.
Edward McCarty, Thomas MeNamara, David
Norbie, William Reiterman, James Massa, Ar
thur Lundy, John O'Brien, James Norton.
THIRD ELEMENTARY CLASB.
Deportment and application-
Premium, Thomas Doyle. Distinguished-
Frank Woods, Charles Gorman, Malcolm
Lundy, David Gordon, Edward Perry, Eddie
O'Neil, John Collins, James Doyle.
Christian doctrine-
First premium, David Gordon; second pre
mium, Francis McCarty. Distinguished—Ed
die Cull, John Campbell, Frank Woods, Charles
Gorman, Joseph Riordnn, Aloysius Grace, Ed
ward Perry, Franu Gehrens.
English branches and arithmetic —
First premium, James Doyle; second pre
mium, Thomas Doyle. Distinguished— Frank
Woods, Malcolm Lundy, Joseph Riordan, Dan
niel Flftuigan, Charles Gorman, Aloysius
Grace, David Gordon, Percy Ryan.
The graduating exercises proper will
take place to-morrow evening.
WILL DISMISS CREELY.
The Board of Health Will Not Hold an
Investigation— The Veterinary*
Statement.
If the programme mapped out by the
Board of Health is carried into effect there
will be no investigation of the charges re
cently made against Veterinary Creely,
but that official will be dropped from the
employ of the department at to-morrow's
special meeting.
A member of the board expressed him
self yesterday as satisfied with the truth
of the charges against Creely, and said
that while they were not of great moment
it would be "better to drop him than to
have the scandal that an investigation
would bring about." Dr. Creely, on the
other hand, denies that he has done any
thing to merit dismissal or even censure.
"The tuberculin I ust-d waa my own," he
said, "and 1 should like to know why I
have no rignt to test the cows of any one
who asks me it I so desire, particularly as
I get no pay from the Board of Health,
and the testing is in the line of my regular
business. I would do the same thing over
again if I were paid for my work.
"I did borrow money from Hansen, but
that was not the first time, for he is an old
friend of mine, and the loan was repaid
long before the visit to Hansen' s place oc
curred. That is all there is in the charges,
and I shall demand a hearing by the
board."
NEW PRESIDING JUSTICE,
Judge Groezinger Is Honored by
His Colleagues in
Office.
The Youngest Man Ever Elevated to
Such a Position in San Fran
cisco.
Justice of the Peace G. C. Groezinger
was elected Presiding Justice by his col
leagues in office yesterday, and will serve
in that capacity until the present term of
the City olticials expires.
Judge Groezinger is one of the brightest
and most popular oi' the young German-
Americans of this City, and has made an
enviable record since honored by public
Hon. Q. L. Groczinger, the Newly Elected Presiding Justice of the Peace.
office. He is the youngest Justice ever
elected in San Francisco, having just
turned 21 yeais of age when the votes of
the people placed him in office.
Though running on the Republican
ticket without the indorsement of outside
parties such as received by other candi
dates he polled the second highest num
ber of votes. Judge Groezinger's early
legal education was received in German
law universities, and later he attended the
Oak Mound College at Napa. He spent
some time in the law office of ex-Judge
Reamer, and is considered remarkably
well read in the law.
The Justice is a Mason, a Mystic Shriner
in fact, and is also a member of nearly all
of the German societies of this City. He
is i eing urged by his friends to run for
Justice for a second term and will proba
bly accept, though an extensive legal prac
tice occupies much of his time.
IS STILL IN BUSINESS.
St. liouis TVant.9 No False Impressions
Abroad.
The following telegram was received
this day from the Merchants' Exchange,
St. Louis, Mo. :
President Board of Trade, San Francisco, Cal.:
In order to correct any false impressions that
may prevail in reference to the interference of
business in our city by reason oi the recent cy
clone,this exchange will appreciate very highly
if you will publicly announce to your members
and also use your influence with the press of
your city to publish this notice that all busi
ness is now being transacted with the usual
promptness and dispatch, as the business dis
trict was scarcely touched by tornado.
C. 11. Spencer,
President Merchants' Exchange.
A BRITISH SCIENTIST.
The Academy of Sciences Will Honor
Lord Kelvin.
The fiftieth anniversary of Lord Kelvin's
professorship in the Glasgow University
will be commemorated in this City on the
evening of the 15th inst. jointly by the
California Academy of Sciences and the
Technical Society. The exercises will
comprise addresses by the university pro
fessors, etc.
During the summer the Academy of
Sciences will meet only once a month.
Professor David Starr Jordan is soon to go
East and was unable to lecture last night,
as had been announced.
"THE PERILS OF
PROTESTANTISM."
Dr. J. Q. A. Henry's Por
trayal of the Sub
ject.
DONALD ROSS' TRIBUTE.
The A. P. A. Orator Says We
Stand at the Conflux of
Eternity.
IMMIGRATION IS CONSIDERED.
Will Lecture To-Night at the Temple
Under the Auspices of Coun
cil No. 44.
Metropolitan Temple was crowded to
the gallery last evening by those who had
come to hear J. Q. A. Henry lecture on the
"Perils of Protestantism."
The hall had been tastefully decorated
for the occasion. The edge of the plat
form was one bank of flowers; the back
ground was brougtit into relief by festoons
of bunting, interwoven with the American
flag; the speaker's desk was also draped
with the stars and stripes, over which ap
peared an eagle.
The meeting opened with the singing
of "America," afier which two little girls
in gray sang a patriotic air, receiving sev
eral encores.
Rev. Donald M. Ross then came forward
and saiii he had been told by the agent of
a certain person that if he ever spoke in
Metropolitan Temple a gain a gans would
be on hand to "do him up."
He said thi3 was the best opportunity
these gentlemen would ever get to "use
their shillelahs" on him, at which there
was laughter, ended by his introducing
"Baby" Mearns.
"After singing "Oh, "Won't You Come
Out and Play?" the little vocalist was en
cored.
Rev. Donald M. Ross stated that there
would be a song by three young ladies and
three young gentlemen, members of the
A. P. A. and the W. A. P. A. respectively,
"after which," he added, "we will listen to
Dr. Henry.
"He needs no introduction from me —
brave and noble man that he is, fighting
like a lion for the good of the American
people and the perpetuation of our insti
tutions."
As. Dr. Henry rose and came forward,
there was an outburst of applause.
"I couldn't help but think," said the
doctor, "as little Baby Mearns spoke to us
of what a little star whispered to us in
Chicago— that she should be taken in hand
by a Society for the Prevention of Cruelty
to Children. If all the children under the
care of the mother church were taken care
of as well as Baby Mearns, there would be
fewer hospitals in the world to-night.
"I speak to you to-night under the aus
pices of the loyal Orangemen and the
W. A. P. A. of this City. For women I
have the greatest respect. It has been
said that one woman is equal to seven and
a half men. One of the reasons why 1
wish women to vote is that they will help to
solve many of the questions that vex us
to-day.
"I think the little Sunday-school girl
was right when she said God looked at
man and said: 'I think I can do better
than that,' and so he made woman.
Another one did better than that. She
said: 'God hypnotized man, took his brain
out and made woman.'
"Yes, it is a great thing to understand
human nature, but to comprehend wo
man's nature is divine.
"I am giad to be here under the au
spices of the Orangemen. When lam
compelled ton ast my vote between the
yellow and the green I choose the yellow
every time. The north of Ireland is one
of the most useful parts of the world, but
the south — just let me tell you a little
story.
"A certain evangelist was in the habit of
beginning his sermons with the adjectives
'dear old' and another denoting the local
ity, prefixed to the word 60u15." If he was
in Dublin it was 'dear old Dublin souls';
if in Belfast 'dear old Belfast souls,' ana" for
the life of him he never could understand
why it was that when he addressed an
audience in Cork as 'dear old Cork souls'
everybody howled at what they thought
his wit.
"That is the reason, however, why there
is so much religious murmuring in the
south of Ireland ; the souls of the people
are cork."
Dr. Henry thrn declared that papal and
monarchical superstition were what bred
tne seeds of unhappiness in this country,
and that there were strife and discontent
until these seeds were torn from the earth
and the Declaration of Independence born.
"Years of heroic suffering and valor
sealed this declaration," he said. "It was
indeed to be, as the immortal Lincoln
said,' *a government of the people, by the
people and for the people.' " The
makers of the constitution builded upon
this rock by labolishing ihe abridgments
of free speech ami free expression, and
thus flung defiance at the double-headed
despotism. In that ;ierio<i there were but
few Romanista, and the persistent conten
tion of the Papists that they had so much
to do in founding the Govei lament is sim
ply pitiful.
"No; the principles of freedom were
never born in that traitorous institution
known as the Roman Catholic hierarchy.
The history of 1500 years makes it as a
deadly foe of progress, and it is their
proud boast, 'Semper eadem' — always un
changeable. "
He then went on to say that Protestant
ism in America has reached its crisis; that
before it lies the battle of Armageddon,
and that it will either be borne down,
never again to rise up in its splendor and
proudly flaunt its banner to the breeze,
or will go forth and conquer the world.
"Americans are to determine the des
tiny and career of the Anglo-Saxon race.
The American to-day stands in the midst
of immortal issues; he stands at the con
flux of eternity."
The speaker then gave a long list of sta
tistics tending to show that the alien
element in the population is increasing at
an especially rapid rate since 1880, that
the Irish element is the most difficult to
get to assimilate, and that all large cen
ters of population are becoming Roman
ized. A part of his quotations he claimed
was taken from Catholic publications.
Tnese latter tended to show that the
Catholic control of certain things could
not be doubted.
"1 have never heard that they controlled
the elements," he interjected; "if they
did we might hold them to blame for tne
St. Louis cyclone, but we are denied the
grounds for so doing."
This sally was greeted with hearty
laughter, and after taking a shot at the
Monitor and Rev. Peter C. Yorke Dr.
Henry closed by inviting those of his au
dience who were not already members to
come forward and join the ranks of the
A. P. A., "where they could work for the
promulgation of liberty and happiness."
Rev. J. Q. A. Henry will lecture this
evening at Metropolitan Temple
under the auspices of Council 44 of
the American Protective Association.
A short literary programme will
be rendered, in which Baby Barnes
will sin--'. State President Hudelson will
be present, and will give his experience
at the supreme council of the A. P. A. of
the United States at Washington.
Mr. Hudelson says he has a surprise in
store for all present this evening.
FOR UNITARIAN PICNICS,
Poet Keeler of Berkeley Suggests
a Poetic Form of
Service.
Woodley - Chase Engagement An
nounced — Important Library
Meeting To-Day.
BERKELEY, Cal., June I.— The Uni
tarian Society of Berkeley, of which Rev.
E. B. Payne, the well-known Altruist, is
pastor, will probably hold its Sunday
morning services during the summer out
of doors, in the ampitheater back of the
chemistry building on the university
grounds, providing it can secure permis
sion from the board of regents. The so
ciety, through reasons whicn it will not
make known, will not use Stiles Hall, its
customary place of worship, during the
summer vacation, and in conseq.uence it
will be forced to seek other quarters.
At their meeting yesterday morning
Charles Keeler, the voting poet of Berke
ley, suggested inadvertently that they use
the open-air amphitheater for their ser
vices, and that they be held in picnic
style. He favored the outdoor plan for
gathering together, but said nothing about
the lunch that is ordinarily taken along
on a picnic.
A committee has been appointed, con
sisting of Charles Keeierand Mrs. Wattles,
to look up a suitable meeting-place for the
holding of their "summer school," as it is
called.
The people of Berkeley are anxionsly
waiting to see whether the "picnic" plan
is carried out, for they consider that it
will be a rare treat to listen to open-air
services as did the ancients in the time of
Paul the apostle.
A Ni-iv £lectric Station.
BERKELEY, Cal., June I.— The Berke
ley Electric-licrnting Company is about to
erect a new $20,000 electric station on its
property at the corner of Third street and
Chaining way, West Berkeley.
"The present property on Louisa street,"
said President Britton to-day, "will be
vacated and an entirely new plant erected
from the ground up. The building will be
of brick and stone, and tne plant will be
equipped anew with all the latest electri
cal appliances. The building will be flexi
ble, so that extensions of the plant or
additions may be made at any time.
"On account of the nearness to the water
of the property it will be necessary to
build a strong bulkhead to prevent the
great erosion by the waves. We have iy %
acres of property in all upon which the
plant will be erected, and as a consequence
we will have to bulkhead about 700 feet of
the property. The station will have a
total capacity of 400 horsepower and will
be capable cf supplying 5000 sixteen
candlepower lamps. We will commence
building operation's at once and will push
the work vigorously."
Chane-Woodley Engagement.
BERKELEY, Cal., June I.— The en
gagement of W. B. Chase to Miss Carrie
Woodley, both of West Berkeley, has been
announced. Thevare to be married at the
West Berkeley Episcopal Church on the
evening of June 13. They will live on Ad
dison street, near Sixth, in a cottage which
is now being built for them.
Brief News Xotes.
BERKELEY, Cal., June I.— S. Martini
is lyinj; seriously ill at his homo on Tele
eraph avenue, near Parker street.
Mrs. C. E. Goden of Ellis street while
turning off the streetcar track on Tele
graph avenue with a bicycle last Saturday
fell and fractured her left leg above the
ankle.
The Board of Public Library Directors
will hold an important meeting to-morrow
evening.
The pupils at the State Institute for the
Deaf and Dumb and Blind will give a
musinale next Friday evening in the audi
torium of the school.
On Tuesday afternoon, the 9th inst., the
anniversary exercises of the Deaf and
Dumb and Blind Institute will be held.
Marshal Lloyd did not make his raid on
unlicensed vehicles to-day us was expected.
He says he will try to commence opera
tions to-morrow.
JOHN F. MORE SUSPENDED.
Judge Coffey Hag Removed Him From
'His Admlulstratorahiu.
Judge Coffey has suspended John F.
More from the administratorship of A. F.
More, the position wuich has caused so
much argument before Jud^e Coffey.
More was accused of incompetency and
the misuse of his office, and so his place is
now vacant. He had charge on Santa
Cruz Island, where the cattle and sheep
of the estate were pastured, and the prin
cipal charges against him w«re based on his
manipulation of the herds. He was ac
cused of selling the cattle for his own ben
efit.
On Thursday next Judge Coffey will ap
point a special administrator.
The ear of the Malay and Mongolian is
commonly large and generally iIJ-shaped,
with the lobe long and unduly prominent.
Children Cry for Pitcher's Castoria.
THE COURT'S DIGNITY.
Justice Carroll Orders Two Of
fenders Into Custody for
Contempt.
An Attorney Arrested, but Released
en Offering an Apology — Brown
Defiant.
Justice of the Peace Carroll had more
occasion 10 use the authority vested in
him in a few short hours yesterday than
generally falls to the lot of a Justice in a
year.
Within the hours between 10 a. m. and 3
p. m. the dignity of the court was twice in
sulted, and on both occasions the offend
ers were ordered into custody for contempt.
Tlie first breach occurred when the case
of Morrow vs. Field was being tried.
Field is a tailor, and was being sued by
Morrow for tailors' materials furnished, A.
B. Treadwell appearing for the defendant
and Edward Myers for the plaintiff.
Something in the questions asked by
Treadwell seemed to anger Myers, for he
accused the rival attorney of playing to
the gallery.
"You are a liar, sir!" retorted Tread
well, without a moment's hesitation.
The court looked severe and frowningly
admonished the irate attorney to use more
parliamentary language.
The Treadwell lolood was roused, how
ever, and within a few moments, when
Myers again became exasperating, the
massive fist of the ex-Justice shook in the
air as he thundered :
"You are a d liar, sir!"
This time the Justice was also angry,
and with a nod to Bailiff Barney Conlan
he said :
"Take this man into custody."
Treadwell looked blank at this, but
started for the door with the bailiff. Sud
denly he turned back and said:
"Your Honor, I am sorry I lost my tem
per. I apologize to the court and to Mr.
Myers."
Under the circumstances Justice Carroll
fek merciful, and ordered the attorney re
leased after having lectured him on his
conduct.
The judicial brow had scarce lost its
frown when Mark Brown, a witness in the
case of Raver vs. Phillips, took it into
his head to defy the court. He came in
smoking a cigarette, and, when told by
the court to retrain from the use of to
bacco, said, as he walked threateningly
toward the court desk:
"You can go to . You ain't going to
give us a square deal and I'll smoke as
much as I please."
Justice Carroll's face was a study for an
instant, and then the faithful Barney shot
from his seat as from a catapult as the
angry Justice shouted:
"Lock that man vp — take him out of my
sight."
Brown had almost reached the Justice
when Barney caught him and hustled him
down into the prison, where he was
charged with contempt of court. Later
the Justice relented and allowed him to go.
JOSEF BLANTHER THE MAN.
Coroner's Jury Charges the Austrian
Nobleman With Murder.
Coroner Hawkins yesterday morning
held an inquest on the body of Mrs.
Phiilipina Langfeldt. The verdict of the
jury was that the deceased had been mur
dered, the responsibility being fixed on
Josef E. Bianther.
The finding of the body and the heavy
fall of the night before was then graphic
ally related.
John Lynch, who lives at 828 Geary
street, where Bianther resided, testified
that late upon the evening when Mrs.
Langfeldt had been killed he had met
Bianther in the bathroom. The latter baa
been engaged in washing his hands, but
noticing the approach of Lynch hurriedly
stepped out. In the washbowl bloody
water was found.
Mrs. Hundley, the landlady where Bian
ther lived, told of the finding of a blood
stained towel in the room of the murderer.
George Dodge, the former friend and com
panion of the fugitive criminal, related his
experience with Bianther. Nothing was
developed that has not already been pub
lished and the pawning of the diamonds
was fully explained.
After all the testimony had been pre
sented the jury at once returned a verdict
as stated above.
HEALTH OFFICE EXPENSES
Amount the Board Will Demand
for the Coming Fiscal
Year.
More Than Twice as Much as Was
Allowed for the Year Now Draw
ing to a Close.
The Board of Health will ask for more
than twice as much money lor the coming
fiscal year as was allowed for the year now
drawing to a close.
The board at a meeting to be held to
morrow will ratify the following list of ex
penditures that are deemed necessary:
. Per Mo. Per An.
Health 0fficer.......:: $250 $3000
Secretary..... 175 2100
First Assistant..... 100 1200
Milk Inspector 200 2400
Bacteriologist 150 1800
: Veterinary Surgeon .. 150 1800
I Chemist and Analyst..... 150 1800
Public Vnccinator. 100 1200
Clerk of Vital Statistics. 76 900
Messenger 75 900
Typewriter........... 60 720
Assistant Chemist.... 75 900
8 Assistant, Milk and Food In
spectors for open. public food
inspection stations, each.... ... 75 7200
3 Assistant Food and Goods In
spector...... 75 2700
Chief Market Inspector. 100 " 1200
3 Assistant Market Inspectors... 75 2700
1 Chief Plumbing Inspector l'J5 ■ ■'• 1500
1 Assistant Plumb. Inspector . 100 1200
t> Health inspectors ..: 100 7200
3 additional sanitary Inspectors. 100 3600
3 Sewer Inspectors. \ 75 2700
2 Bakery Inspectors 75 1800
2 Laundry and Bath Inspectors.. 75 1800
Janitor 40 480
Total . $52,800
, Requirements of Health Office as follows: '
Furniture and repairs $300
Horse hire and transportation 3000
Books and printing..... 1500
Stationery and stamps.. 900
Vaccine and fumigating material 1200
Te1eph0ne............. : 360
Supplies of ■ Veterinary and Milk .Depart
ments.. ." 300
1ncidenta15........... 440
Total ......; $8000
A permanent establishment of chemical
laboratory for examination and analysis
of lood .*...... $3000
This schedule creates salaries for a
number of. officer* that hitherto have
been without them, and also creates a
number of new offices with fat salaries.
The Milk Inspector's salary is doubled.
The veterinary surgeon and analyst are
given I $150 : per month each where before
they had no salary.
i The Supervisors will also be asked to
provide funds for the establishment or an
ambulance system, consisting ■• of four
ambulances, : equipments ' and .?.; sixteen
horses, to be stationed at four selected sec
tions of the City. The amount asked for
this purpose will be divided as follows:
For the maintenance of. the same, $4800;
four surgeons, $75 per month each, $3600;
four drivers, $60 per month each. $2880;
eight internes without 'salary, keeping of the
horses and other, additional expense, $5000.
Total, $11,480.
Conscience-Stricken Thief.
Rev. Father A. M. Clark took to police head
quarters yesterday morning a valuable hunt
ing-case gold watch and chain which bad
been left by some unknown person at tho
residence of the Paulist fathers, 628 California
street, about a week ago. As no one had called
for it Father Clark came to the conclusion that
it had beeu left by some conscienee-strick^u
thief. The name of the owner is engraved on
the inside of the case.
•—• — ♦ — p»
Fillmore'g Farewell.
OAKLAND, Cal., Jun« I.— The em
ployes of the South Pacific Coast Railway
tendered their retiring superintendent,
Luther Fillniore, a banquet at the Hotel
Crellin this evening. He is very popular
with the men and they are very sorry to
lose him.
MJ***^*^^^ ARSAPARILLA
mixed with iodide of potassium is the
old way of cleaning the blood, and it is
the way that women hate because it brings
pimples and boils on the face. When you
1
' want a good Sarsaparilla that will cure
■ you and yet show no old sore trademarks
you must use the best, and the best is the
home herb remedy,
TESTIMONIAL.
The Edwin W. Joy Company— Gentle-
men : For a torpid liver and foul stomach
I Joy's Vegetable Sarsaparilla can't be
equaled. I make room for it in my medi-
cine chest. It acts nice in children as well
as the aged. Respectfully yours,
(Signed),
MRS. FLORENCE ROMAINE,
San Jose, Cal.
/lit When you realize that
ff you are not the man you
V should be at your age ;
when you find your manly
strength -leaving you, expos-
| ing , the great waste that has
I been draining your system for
j years, then it is time to seri-
ously look to your health. You
need just such a remedy as Dr.
Sanden's Electric Belt, from
which the wearer nightly ab- .
sorbs the vitality of youth — en-
ergy, ambition and manly
power. It is good for any one
who is weak, from whatever
I cause, as it naturally adds tone
to the body.
A San Francisco Cure.
San Francisco, January 20, 1896.
DR. A. T. BAN DEN— Dear Sir: When I bought
your Belt last fall l whs feeling wretched, and
I looked it, but you would not know I waa the
same man now. lam so changed. I feel like
a different man, and it is all owing to your
Belt. I got the Belt for whatthedoctorscalled
General Debility and Lost Manhood. 1 used to
have losses four or five times « week. I was
troubled with a violent pain in my back, and
could not steep uights. From the moment I
out your Belt on I was a different man. My
losses stoDDed at once, and the pains In my
back ceased. | To-day, after-using your Bolt two *
months, I am a perfectly well man; My trouble
was of five years' standing. 1 -doctored with
many of the medical institutes, and was for a
short time in the Marine Hospital, but could •
not lind any relief till I got your Belt. I can- ■ '
not speak too highly in your favor. • ; " : •"
MIKE .BE.VSKY,
231 Second street, San Francisco.. .:,
It Cures Weak Men.
Dr. Sanden has devoted twenty years to '
perfecting his Electric Belt, and "especially
to the application of its curative power in
. weakness of men:
••# vV/> j_ He has been re-
EJr^^SAiiin«OT^rvS sand.-; of letters
P&gUjTRK ErefjiSy like ie above.
7§K['Csp6~T^i3!f information is
given in the lit-
tle book "Three
Classes of Men," which is free. Call and
consult the physician in charge. Free.
SANDEN ELECTRIC CO.,
030 Market Street, San Francisco,
Opposite Palace Hotel. Office hours: -> a. m. to
8:30 P. m.: Sundays, 10 to 1.
OFFICES AT:
LOS ANGELES, CAL.. I PORTLAND, OR.,
20-t Sonta Broadway. | 253 Washington stre«t.
REGISTRATION
-FOB THK
GENERAL ELECTION.
ALL ELECTORS DESIRING TO VOTE AT
the coming election mnu be registered re-
gardless of any previous registration.
Registration for the General Election to be held
November 3, 1896, is now open at the Office of tho
Registrar of Votes, In the bas<'incnt of the north-
east wing of the City Hall, and will continue until
MONDAY, August 3d. Inclusive, when Registra-
tion In the Precincts will commence.
W. M. H IN TON, Registrar of Votes.
[Bulletin, Post, Report copy].
friiifs Mai .'TtgtaUc Pills
Are acknowledged by thousands of persons who
hare used them for over forty years to cure
HICK HEADACHE, GIDDINESS. CONSTIPA-
! TION, Torpid Liver, Weak Stomach, Pimples, and
purify the blood. .. .
Grossman's SDBCiHc Mixture
•With this remedy persons can cure themselves
without the least exposure, change 'of diet, : or
change in application to business. The mediciu*
contains nothing that, is of the least Injury to the
constitution. Auk druggist foriu ■ Pries #1 a
bottle.
56
CHARLES M. SHOKTRIDGE,
<Vj3J"ifil Editor and Proprietor.
I SUBSCRIPTION RATES-Postage Free:
Dally and Sunday week, by carrier. .$0.15
-Daily and SuDday Call, one year, by ma 11 . . .. 6.00
Daily and Sunday Cau,, «lx months, by mall.. 3.00
Dally and Sunday Call, tbree months by mail 1.50
Dally and Sunday Call, one month, by mail.. .65
Sunday Call, one year, by mail *- 80
WXKKLY Call, one year, by mall 1-50
THE SIMMER MONTHS.
Are you going to the country on a vacation? If
to. It is no trouble for us to forward THE CALL to
your address. Do not let It miss you for you will
■ . -miss it. Orders given to the carrier or left at
: Business Office will receive prompt attention.
..NO EXTKA CHARGK.
\? BUSINESS OFFICE:
■ . .. 7 10 Market street,
"- . San Francisco, California.
Telephone I _. Maln-18W
;:f '. EDITORIAL ROOMS:
U-'=>. 'i'h : 517 Clay Street.
Telephone .j^ Miln-187.4
%^-'. ■■'■ '• BRANCH OFFICES:
;:.• .830 Montcomery utreet, corner Clay; open until
". 8:30 o'clock.
- -339 Hayes street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
713 Larkin street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
b W. corner sixteenth and Mission streets; open
until 9 o'clock.
:;.''; 2618 Mission street: open until 9 O'clock.
 ' 113 Ainili street; open until 8 o'clock.
■: 1 OAKLAND OFFICE:
. ""•■■. ■ SOS Broadway.
EASTERN OFFICE:
f.ooins 31 and 32, 34 Fark Kow, New York City.
DA VIC M. FOLTZ, Special Agent-
TUESDAY JUKE 2, 1896
THE CALL SPEAKS FOR ALL.
It begins to look like Boies in the Demo
cratic camp.
.; Join a Republican club at once and help
; : organize prosperity.
'. This time the mugwumps have been
dumped by all parties.
.•■.Chicago might as well arrange to hold
■'..that convention in two sections.
; ..^.Eastern Democrats will soon be claiming
• :: : that bolting is a golden privilege.
Republican unity is not only the biggest
thing in the political field, but the only
. thing. __^___
. Cleveland's head was certainly level on
the third term proposition. No letter was
needed.
Grover has heard from Kentucky and
her subsequent proceedings interest him
no more.
An open session of the bond deal inves
tigating committee would be of interest
I just now.
■ . Intelligent Democrats had better drop
their party before it goes to pieces and
drops them.
The Chicago convention will be a swal
lowtail affair, with the tails split clear up
to the collar.
• The split in Democracy is now suf
ficiently wide to enable the people to see
it is full of punk.
Carlisle might as well follow the exam
ple of "NVatterson and go to Europe until
after the election.
The Spanish Government has found out i
that Weyler is a misfit and will put him on I
the bargain counter.
The only effect of the Carlisle movement {
in Kentucky wrs to develop an aggravated
boom for Joe Blackburn.
If Congress is to stay in session much
. longer it should give Cleveland another
;• jolt on the Cuban question.
. . It looks as if the party of calamity would
; be dispersed, dissipated and out of sight j
• • before the people get a lick at it.
•' The movement of Republicans toward
; . Ht. Louis will end in a clear case of getting ;
together in every sense of the phrase.
What was expected to be a deadlock at
■ - the Chicago convention will be opened \
. -with a silver key and show a gold bolt.
'. ' It seems that no party or faction will j
undertake to carry Clevelandism in this !
campaign. The rubbish will be left where ''■
it fell.
IThe equilibrium of Europe is so unstable
at present that a riot anywhere within its
confines shakes it like a convulsion of
nature.
You not only get a longer ride in San
Francisco for a nickel than in any other
city, but you also get a longer time to wait
for a transfer.
Cleveland's civil service order has
; roused a more vigorous resolve among the
people to turn the rascals out, and a way
. ' will be found to do it.
The attempt to silver-plate the Demo
cratic party is a pretty good scheme, but
' there isn't silver enough in tne country to
. cover the deficit and the bond issues.
Before the struggle between England
and Germany for supremacy in South
' . Africa is over Kruger may yet wish he had
'. welcomed Jameson and reformed the
: Transvaal as an independent country.
There is no loneer any sound of the old
. song about divisions in Republican ranks.
• . Some tunes are too tough for even a
• Democratic lyre to play without breaking
•■ a string.
The v Louisville Courier-Journal declares
■ ' that Kentucky will be Republican for
. years to come, but the good news is weak
ened by evidences that the. Courier- Journal
itself thinks of breaking into the Grand
Old Part}'. .
In saying the Democratic party will
make the tariff issue of secondary impor
tance in the campaign the New York
■ 'Times mistakes the situation. The tariff
• will make the Democratic party of second
; ary importance.
■The disturbances among the Cretans
have given the Turkish empire another
•.shake, and once more Europe is alarmed
; that the structure is about to fall before
• the nations have agreed as to which of
.' .them shall save the pieces.
'•": The Victoria Colonist, in commenting
upon the battle-ship Oregon, says: "A sea
■• captain who was a passenger to this port
: " recently from California states the vessel
.. was badly 'hogged' and that this defect
• was apparent before the ship was taken
. . out of the dock just previous to her speed
'. trial." If thiscaptain can show up long
' : «nough to prove his existence and verify
.: his story he will add much to the luster of
the .Oregon, for if she could beat tne
' -world's record when "hogged" just think
;- what she could do if she had the hog on
' the other fellow. . . ... . . (
TOE HARMONY.
The time ha? come in the course of the
Presidential campaign when every Kepub
lican and every citizen who favors the pro
! tection of American industry should be
i gin to take an active part in organizing lor
j tne canvass and in promoting that har
j mony of feeling out of which only can
come the enthusiasm and the energy
necessary to make tbe coming victory a
1 complete and final overthrow of the free
trade forces.
While it may seem a paradox to assert
I that the weakness of the opposing force is
a source of danger to the Kepublican
party, it is not the less a truth. If old
party lines were to be strictly drawn dur
ing the campaign, if Democracy should
come into the field presenting a solid
front in support of Clevelandism and the
Chicago platform of 1892, it would be an
easy tight for the hosts of protection and
bimetallism to inflict upon it a crushing
defeat. Unity in the ranks of the enemy
would result in a firmer cohesion among
Republicans. There is no such unity,
however. A thousand signs presage a
split in the Democratic party. Instead of
a straight right against Clevelandism the
Kepublican party will have to meet a
guerrilla warfare in which it will be as
sailed by four or five factions rather than
parties and will consequently run risks in
many localities of having its energies dis
sipated instead of being massed and com
bined for a victory all along the line.
"With the gold wing Democracy shout
ing one thing, the silver wing Democracy
another, the Populists a tnird and the
proposed silver party a fourth, many men
who bave hitherto acted with the Ke
publican party without deep convictions
of its supreme value to the Republic may
be tempted to wander oft' after some of tbe
new fads of the time. This is tha one danger
in the campaign. It will not materially
affect tiie National ticket. We can be
sure tbe nominee at St. Louis will be the
next President of the United States. It
may affect, however, the election of Con
gressmen and State legislators. In those
points, therefore, the canvass must be
carefully pnarded, and now is the time to
efFect the full organization 01 the party so
that tbe guard may be set at once.
Under no circumstances should any
loyal Republican overlook the import
ance to the campaign of those elections
which aye called local. We must have Ke
publican Congressmen and Kepublican
legislators for the State. California must
be put in a position of harmony with the
National Government. Her Representa
tives and lier Senators must be men who
will uphold the hands of the coming Re
publican President. The local lights,^is
they are called, will be as important as
any in the campaign. No Republican and
no supporter of tbe principle of protection
should fall away from the party rants in
these contests. The opposition may scat
ter and disperse, but Republicans ana
protectionists must stand united, organ
ized, harmonious, and resolved on a vic
tory in every county as well as in the
Nation.
GOOD AND BAD NEWS SERVICE.
The Associated Press does not need to
contradict itself to prove that it is an un
reliable news-gatherer, for the public has
abundance of evidence of that fact every
day. But it would seem that as a business
proposition, and to build up a reputation
lor having ability, and occasionally in
clination 10 tell the truth unvarnished, its
managers would be careful not to let glar
ingly contradictory Btories go out on the
same sheet of paper.
It supplied its patrons Sunday night
with the information that Senator Quay
concedes McKinley's nomination on the
lirst ballot, and then it goes on to give the
Senator's analysis of the situation, show
ine where McKinley's votes will come
from and how many of them there will be.
At the same time this wonderful news
agency gives it out that Mr. Quay will
allow his own name to be presented to tbe
convention. That is to say, Senator Quay
knows for snre that Major McKinley wiil
be nominated on the lirst ballot, but for
all that he intends to try to defeat him by
presenting himself as a candidate.
lint that is not all. The news was sent
over tbe same wire and practically at the
same time with another report that
Senator Quay positively declined to
talk about Major McKinley or any
body else in connection with the St.
Louis nomination. Oi course tbe Asso
ciated Press can pay it is its business to
athrm and contradict and let its patrons
taKe their choice. In fact that seems to
be its way, but since the United Press can
be relied upon to chronicle events as they
occur there is no reason why people
should not have the straight of every
thing, only that a few will persist in pin
ning their faith to the old hearsay con
cern. ■ It need not be said that The Call
is served by the United Press. Its
splendid, far-reaching and reliable news
service shows that.
DEMOCRATIC BOLTERS.
There is a meaning ia the threat of lead
ing Democrats that they will support the
St. Louis ticket if the Chicago convention
is controlled by the Blands, Altgelds and
Tillmans of the party. There is meaning
in it because it is men who are identified
with the business enterprises of the coun
try that are talking that way. Naturally
they would prefer a candidate of their own
party, but as between a man whose knowl
edge of political economy is superficial at
best, and whose principles of government
are as unstable as March winds, and a
strong, self-asserting Republican, they
would prefer the Jatter.
There are more protection Democrats
than most people suspect, and there are
enough of tbem to prevent free-trade legis
tion by joining hands with the Republican
party, and they will do it. In fact the
leaders of the party understand that, and
hence it is that they are trying to subor
dinate the tariff to the money question.
Indeed some of them express a willing
ness to revamp the Wilson-Gorman act on
lines of the law that it repealed. It would
seem, therefore, that the Chicago conven
tion will have to reject and repudiate the
Bland faction or turn the machinery of the
party over to them. There appears to be
no middle ground upon which the party
can be united. Those interested in indus
tries will quit the party if tinkering with
the tariff is attempted. The Cleveland
following will stay at home on election
day if the gold standard is not indorsed,
and the blandites will go over to the Popu
lists or nominate their kind of a candidate
if th« convention does not declare for free
silver coinage at 1G to 1 and lower custom
house charges. In short, the Democratic
camp is full of Ishmaelites.
THE POSITION OF CONGRESS.
Most likely Congress will adjourn this
week. Thero is much important unfin
ished business, but the desire of Congress
men to go home and look after their fences
is making them almost too restlens to be
of much value as law-makers just now.
Therp is, however, some reason for wanting
to adjourn aside from the demand of their
fences.
The lower bouse has evinced, a strong
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JUNE 2, 1896.
disposition to enact every needed law,, and
it has been conspicuous in its efforts to re
lieve the treasury and start going the
work of improving the rivers and harbors.
But, as everybody knows, the Democrats
and Populists in the Senate stand ready to
defeat any legislation that is general in its
character and purpose, and that the Presi
dent stands ready to veto anything that
chances to slip through the Senate.
If, therefore, Congress adjourns without
accomplishing much the fault will not be
with the Republican side of the chamber.
No doubt, howewr, the river and harbor
bill will be passed over the President's
veto, but there is danger that the general
appropriation bill will be vetoed, for it is
a cold day when Cleveland cannot find
some way to handicap the business inter
ests of the country. If he does, of course
Congress wiil remain in session long
enough to pass it over his head. It is un
fortunate that the anti-bond bill cannot be
made a law, and something definite con
cerning the belligerency of Cuba agreed
upon, but the country will have to be
patient until the White House has a Re
publican occupant.
CRETE AND EUROPE.
The war for separation which the
Cretans are waging against the Ottoman
empire is likely to involve England and
Germany, if not other nations as well.
There are 20,000 Cretans under arms, and
recruits from Greece are swelling the
number. As is known, Crete is the
largest island in the Mediterranean,
having a length of about IGO miles by ten
to thirty-rive miles wide, with mountain
ranges extending the whoie length. The
population numbers quite 200,000, but
only about 40,000 are Mussulmans, who are
all natives. The island occupies a strategic
position of great importance, and it is
this more than anything else that is in
teresting the powers.
It has been thought, in fact predicted by
diplomats for many years, that the inde
pendence of Crete or its annexation to
Greece, with the consent of the powers,
would be the beginning of the disintegra
tion of the Turkish empire in Europe.
The powers are not at all averse to that,
but the question of dividing tbe pieces is a
most serious one, and until that is settled
it is not likely the Forte will bave occasion
to get ready to move bis capital into Asia.
The dispatches suggest that most of the
powers would not object to Greece acquir
ing Crete, and that would be the natural
place for the island, for tbe Greek lan
guage is the only one spofcen on the island ;
besides, it formerly belonged to Greece and
was, in fact, the earthly home of nearly all
the Grecian gods and goddesses.
At this distance it looks very much as
though the beginning of the end of the
European side of the Forte's dominions
was at band, and t hat Zeus, Minos aud
tbe thousand and one other Greek or
rather Crete divinities were conducting
tbe movement from caverns in Mount Ida
and Madara Younu. Anyway there are
20,000 Cretans under arms, and they pro
claim it to be their purpose to make it a
war of separation from the Ottoman em
pire or of extermination, but meanwhile
if England and (Jermany cannot agree as
to what disposition shall be made of the
island the Cretans will have very little
encouragement from the nations.
UNITY OF PARTY.
In their address to the public the leaders
of the National Silver party say: "The
unity of old parties is the death of silver."
The Democratic party is so near gone that
it may be called dead. It follows, then,
that the National Silver party leaders
refer to tbe "unity" of the Republican
party from "gilded mansion to lowly cot
tage." That the Republican party is a unit
in purpose, so far as rescuing the Nation
from Clevelandism is concerned, there is
not the shadow of a doubt, but there are
differences of opinion as to how the
country can best be restored to where it
was before it was wrecked by the Democ
racy. Some think the tariff question
should predominate, while others think
that no tariff legislation should be under
taken until the money question is settled.
Now, the St. Louis convention was called
to adjust all such differences by compro
mise. Those who think the tariff question
should be made tbe chief stone of the
corner will yield a little, as will those who
believe the money question should be the
base, middle and top of the convention's
purpose. And when all these adjustments
are affected, the platform made and the
I candidates named, the party will go
iorwarii as a unit, and whoever encourages
dissensions, or refuses to accept the plat
form and candidates, who will represent
j the best thought of the party, because this
I or tnat declaration of principle is not up
to his expectation, fails to appreciate the
importance of party unity.
KENTUCKY ADVANCING.
In admitting that Kentucky "is from
; now on in the Kepublican column," the
! Louisville Courier- Journal swallows a bit
j ter pill, but it had to be swallowed. Cleve
land and Carlisleand theirgoldbugfollow
j ers were turned down with a dull thud last
week. The battle for supremacy between
Democratic silverites and Democratic
Rold-standardites was fought to a finish,
I and although the Blackburn faction won,
j tha fruits of the victory will be gathered
by the Kepublican party.
This is exactly as it should be. Ken
j tucky is rich in undeveloped mineral and
i agricultural wealth, but it needed just such
I a revolution as will come of last week's
Democratic election of delegates to the
Chicago convention to overturn and over
throw the "before de war" methods and
machinery of Kentucky's way of doing
' things.
But the election of almost a solid anti-
Cleveland delegation to the Chicago con
| vention will further widen the split in the
j party and make its disruption doubly sure.
The Courier- Journal, although not liking
Cleveland a little bic, tees in the election
returns signs of the times which point to
the repudiation of the present administra
tion, including Kentucky's favorite son,
Carlisle, and Kentucky's leading newspa
per, the Courier- Journal, and the election
of tbe Republican Darty to power, perhaps
I for all time. How far the Courier-Journal
will blame Cleveland for it all remain! to
be seen.
Whatever it was— too much or too little
Cleveland— that disrupted the Democratic
party in Kentucky matters not, but in re
turning to the political faith of the Clays
and the Crittendcns no mistake has been
made. They saw more than half a cen
tury ago that Kentucky cuuld become a
great and rich commonwealth only by
such National protection laws as would
allow the State to develop her vast natural
resources. In going from Cleveland back
to Clay Kentucky has taken a long stride
forward.
Tbe National Association of Democratic
Clubs has adopted a button bearing the
initials N. A. D. C, and political experts
have figured out that they stand for "Not
a darn chance."
One of the pleasantest aspects of the
year is that it is the last of Grover.
AROUND THE CORRIDORS.
Superior Judge C. E. Mack of Virginia City
is among the arrivals at the Russ. Judge Mack
has a very large judicial district, comprising
tbe counties of Ormsby, Storey, Douglas, Lyon
and Esmeralda.
He is the gentleman who beat Judge Rising,
after he had been thirty years on the bench in
that district. Courtis held at Virginia City,
Carson, Dayton, Genoa and Hawthorne, the
county seats of the live aforesaid counties.
"It keeps me traveling all the time," said the
Judge, "l don't get a moment to myself. No,
lam not a Democrat; not by a great deal. I
am a silverlte, and on this ticket 1 was elected
as against Judge Rising, who received RepuD
licau and Democratic votes. I had always
been a strong Republican, but I am no more.
I am a Stiver man, and I think everybody here
ought to be.
"That discovery on the Brunswick is really
nncouraging. They have got some good rock
there, and it is richer at the bottom than it is
District Judge C. E. Mack of the Sagebrush State, Succeeded Judge Richard Rising.
Who Had Been Thirty Years on the Bench.
{Sketched from life by a "Call" artis.}
at the top. They are going down and drifting
100 feet deeper, and expect to strike the ore
again about the 20th inst.
"The Consolidated Virginia is better, too.
S-'ouie good ore has been found there.
"1 came down to attend the funeral of Rich
ard Rinnan, a cattle king oi Nevada. He
was the partner of T. B. Rickey in the cattle
business, and had lived thirty years or more
in Nevada.
"The cattle range of the firm is really a
principality. It extends from Carson to Owens
Lake, including the Antelope Valley. The 1 ut
tle and land are worth from $700,000 to $800,
-000.
"Mr. Kirinan was wealthy outside of this.
He owned much other property, including
property in this City. He was really a great
financier. II<; could have been Governor of
Nevada luid he desired the place.
"I went to Nevada in the fall of 1874 from
Wisconsin and have remained in Nevada ever
since. My parents wore pioneers in Wiscon
sin."
Judge Mack will be in San Francisco only a
day or two yet
LETTERS FROM THE PEOPLE.
AN EXPENSIVE GOLD RESERVE.
k GOOD THING TOP. BANKKP.fJ, HIT HARD ON ALL
OTHXSS.
To the Editor of the San Francisco Call— Sir:
It is almost startling to a Populist to read in
orthodox old-party newspapers, which never
have evinced any sympathy whatever with the
People's party, such open and merciless ex
posures of the enormous expense and ab
surdity of hoarding $100,000,000 in gold as a
reserve for the "redemption" of greenbacks,
quoted in my last letter. Referring to recent
bond issues and the approaching sale of an
other $100,000,000 of bonds to maintain this
gold reserve, it was said that "these bonds will
cost the people about 000. 000 in the
form of interest to maintain $340,000,000 of
greenbacks, being $4,000,000 more than the
greenbacks, a large part of which are now held
in the treasury, not in circulation, and in the
end the bondholders will receive nearly double
the amount of the greenbacks"— that in, $303,
-000,000 in bonds and the $350,000,000 in in
terest, or a total of $713,000,000 paid to bond
holders to protect $340,000,000 in greenbacks,
which will themselves -still remain unpaid or
"unredeemed 1" * -
But this infamous gold reserve has destroyed
much more than $713,000,000 of the Nation's
resources. Not only the gold for the final "re
demption" of the greenbacks must be acquired
by the Government, but also for the ultimate
payment of the 4 per cent 40-year bonds (see
Coinage Laws of the United States, March 5,
189G, Government Printing-office, pnge-780)
sold in lt>7« to purchase the $100,000,000 gold
coin reserve (just twenty years ago), together
with the interest on the same, which in forty
years amounts to $100,000,000, making a
total of $200,000,000 for the first sale of bonds
made to establish ttc gold reserve. Now, to
get at the true grand total of the cost of this
reserve we must add this $260,000,000 to the
above $713,000,000, making it in tact $973,
-000,000—almost $1,000,000,000 in gold.
It must now be apparent even to the average
reader of The Call that this single scheme de
vised by John Sherman, which is only a small
and almost insignificant part of his "best
financial system in the world." so much
praised by us before the advent of the Populists,
will inevitably cost the • nation nearly 81,
-000,000.000, not one dollar of tne actual
$973,000,000 being even for one day neces
sary tor any such purpose." It would be strange
indeed if Senator Butler or some other Popu
list Senator did not introduce a bill to prohibit
the President from issuing. any more bonds
with which to replenish the gold reserve with
out the consent of Congress. But what are
these dreadful greenbacks which have already
cost almost three times their face value in
gold? Let one of the greatest men of recent
years answer this question.
James G. Blame, in a speech at Skowhegan,
Me., in 1804,-takinsr a greenback from his
pocket and holding it up to his audience, »aid :
"What is this? A dollar. And it is a good dol
lar—good for the farmer, the mechanic, the
merchant and everybody. What makes it a
good dollar? Because every dollar's worth of
property in the United States is behind it and
the life's blood of every true and loyal citizen
is behind it. And that makes it a" good dol
lar." Thus spoke the statesman and the pa
triot, but his name was not John Sherman.
Blame stood for his country and its honor.
John Sherman stands for the money lord* and
their profits— the one a patriot, the other a
traitor: and yet I once admired Sherman and
wanted to vote for him for President of the
Nation he Had betrayed.
Homer tells us in the Odyssey of the old
myth»wherein Atlas supports the world on his
shoulders. An inquisitive Populist of tnat day
raised the impertinent inquiry: "And what
supports Atlas?" "The earth, ' he was an
swered. Like a modern Populist he ■ then
asked: "But what supports the earth?" "The
turtle," the reply— the earth being: flat, as
was then believed. "And what; supports the
turtle?" queried the pestilent old Populist.
"Why, the mud," said the John Sherman of
the olden times. In our -day ' John 'Sherman
says the National banks are all based on (sup
ported by) Government >. bonds. But the in
quisitive Populist asks: "What is the basis or,
support of the bonds?" Our "greatest finan
cier," the fabricator of our "best financial sys
tem in the world," replies:. "The pledge and
good ; faith of the Government." "But what
upholds the Government?" asks the trouble
some Populist. "The loyalty -of the people
backed by the army and navy," says John
Sherman. "And what commutes iU eriuy
arid the navy, Mr. Sherman?" "The bone and
sinew of the country, sir," says John Sherman,
"In other words, the mudsills of society," was
the answer. "You are a contemptible anarch
ist, sir," says Sherman.
Thus it appears that both bonds and green
backs have the same basis, the good faitn and
pledge of the Nation. If the bonds are good as
gold because the security is good so are the
greenbucks, for the security is the same, and
Blaiiu! was right in saying a greenback is a
good dollar — good for every citizen — "because
every dollar's worth of property in the United
States is behind it, and the life's blood of
every true and loyal citizen is behind it," just
as it is behind the National flag or a two-cent
postage stamp if the authority which issues
the dollar unfurls the flag or makes the post
age stamp is challenged. The question of "re
demption" Is reserved for the next "letter
from the people." Joseph Asbury Johnson.
11 Essex street, San Francisco.
PARAGRAPHS ABOUT PEOPLE.
Captain William L. Cash of Washington,
who has just died, served in the Confederate
army throughout the entire war. A few yeai
ago he was ranked among the most expert
riflemen in the world, and was a member of
the team that went to England in 1882.
The Princess Christian of Schleiwig-Holstein
h.is an annual allowance from the British peo
ple of $30,000.
The Secretary of i'oreign Affairs and the
First Lord of tUe Treasury in Kngland receive
each a salary of $50,000.
Mr-. Mary L. Foote, who was rocently elected
tne Police Justice of Qaylord, Kans., ran
against her husband and defeated him by a
large majority.
Mis. Henry M. Stanley has been a potent
factor in her husband's political successes; it
ua> her persistent electioneering which won
him li is seat in Parliament.
One of the graduates of the Baltimore Uni
versity Law School the other day was George
W. Lindsay of Baltimore, who celebrated his
seventieth birthday on May 10.
Miss Fanny Kdgar Thomas has been made
oflicier d'academie by the French Government
in recognition of her work in musical criticism.
She is said to be the first American woman to
be so honored.
The Emperor of Japan, who has promised to
visit England, is an individual who would ap
peal to the English heart. He is an ail-round
sportsman, devoted to riding, shooting, tennis,
nisning and billiards, ana a patron of football.
Mrs. Pusan Gates Young, a daughter of Brig
ham Young, is a progressive Mormon woman;
she is the editress of the Young Woman's
Journal, published at Provo, Utah, and besides
editing that paper attends faithfully to her do
mestic duties.
The diamond tiara which had been worn by
at least two Duchesses of Manchester was sold
the other day by the order of the trustees of
the seventh Du-ke and brought $5450. A row
of pearls, some four or live dozen in number,
went for $8000.
Mine. Faure has been much alarmed lately
by a considerable increase in the number of
threatening letters received at the Elysee, and
it is said in Paris that her influence is not
among the least brought to benr on her hus
bund to induce him to resign the Presidency.
It was the Queen's grandfather, George 111,
who presented the gold chain and medal of
office which belong to the president of the
Royal Academy of the time. These are only
worn by the president when he is In full of
ficial dress. Sir John Millais, Sir Frederick
I-eighton's successor, received at Windsor Cas
tle at the Queen's own hands the handsome
badges of his office.
The Prince of Wales visited Guy's Hospital
in London the other day. A poor little fellow
lying in the accident ward, hearing that the
Prince had passed, said he had never seen him
but longed to do so, and asked the sister if the
treasurer would bring the Prince round to see
him. The Prince was told of this, and at once
turned back and went to the little chap's bed
side and had a chat, to the tiny patient's great
satisfaction.
THEY REST WHEN ASLEEP.
When the shades of night have fallen and
The peaceful hours have come,
The oarsman, sleeping, rests his skull,
I iie tidily girl her gum.
The wagonmaker rests his tODgue;
The artist— pale and weak—
His palate rests at night,; commercial
Travelers rest their cheek.
The hardware man doth rest his nails,
Tne watch Ins faint alarms:
The stovepipe man bis elbows, stiff,
Tbe soldier rests liis arms.
Coal miners rest thoir veins at night,
Indians their scalps do rest;
The packer his rihs and shoulders, while
Tiie ctu-penler rests his etiest.
A ii'l while we're rpsting, let us all
This vote or Umuk.s scud in:
"Praise Morpheus that woman, when
Ulie sleeps, must rest her chin."
—Chicago News.
CURRENT HUMOR.
"What an open countenance he has!"
"Yes, but he's close-fisted enough to make
up for It."— New York Press.
Don't Interrupt a man when he is telling you
his troubles, if you do, he will start over again
at the beginning.— Atchison Globe.
First Fair One— So Frea and Arthur both
proposed to her. Which was the lucky one?
Second Fair One— l don't know yet. Fred
married her. — Harlem Life.
Jinks— Do you suppose a man with a family
can live on a dollar a day and be a Christian?
Blinks— Of course. He can't afford to be any
thing else.— New York Weekly.
Papa— Billy, you've been a very good little
boy this morning. You haven't disturbed me
once.
Billy— Yes, and I've b«n doiug, something
real useful, too. I've cut all the ends off the
cigars in that box over there, and now you can
just go ahead and smoke them without any
trouble.— Harper's Bazar.
Algernon— Then if you will not marry me,
there is nothing left for me but to blow my
brains out.
Miss Fleigh— Now, Algy, don't think to move
me by yourempty threats.— Philadelphia North
American.
Hoax— Egley's pretty well hxed, isn't he?
Joax— Well, he's making more money than
he can spend.
"You don't say ?"
"Yes; he's a coiner in the mint."—Philadel
phia Record.
Cholly— l am not going to call on Miss Pretty
girl again until she retracts what she said the
other evening.
Harry— What did she say?
Cholly— She told me that I needn't call any
more.— Vanity.
Clara— l noticed you didn't bow to Mabel.
What's the matter?
Maud— How can you ask? Don't you know
she rides a second-grade wheel? — .New York
Commercial Advertiser.
Father (reading from a speech of a jingo ora
tor)— Every American citizen is privileged to
share that liberty bequeathed us by our fathers.
Johnny (who has been kept in from his after
noon play)— Unless he happens to be deprived
of it by our mothers.— Yonkers Gazette.
The man with the vegetable-wagon stood on
the front step.
"Want anything in my line ?" he asked.
"No," was the reply. "De lady of de house
says she don't want no mo' dealin's wif you."
"Why?"
"She says yer is too inhahmonious; dat yoh
strawberries am' fresh 'nuff, an' yoh is alto
geddar too fresh."— Washington Star.
PERSONAL.
Martin Schenck of New York is at the Palace.
Willett Slocum, a merchant of Clear Lake, is
here.
W. D. Long, a Nevada City mining man, is in
town.
R. Ifc. Starkweather of Merced is on a visit
here.
E. G. PiuKe, a merchant of Eureka, Is at the
Grand.
A. J. McGowan, an attorney of Carson, Ner.,
is at the Russ.
G. H. Jarvis, a business man of Mendodno
City, is in town.
A. Alberti, a music dealer of Stockton, is at
the Commercial.
John Mulholland of Independence, Inyo
County, is in town.
J. H. Gid dings oi Minneapolis Is among the
arrivals at the Palace.
W. B. Madden, a mining man of MarysTille,
is at the Cosmopolitan.
David Kietn, a mining man of Park City,
Utah, is on a visit here.
Dr. Evans of Modesto is at the Pleasantoi.
with his wife and child.
L. K. Bailey and E. Paynter of Washington,
D. C, are at the New Western.
Dr. W. A. McCormick of Mendocino City is
among the arrivals at the Russ.
G. T. Rives, a mining man of Oregon, is
among the arrivals at the Grand.
Henry Toujouse, a wealthy resident of
Galveston, Tex., is at the Occidental.
Among the latest arrivals at the Cosmopol
itan is James Hall of Vancouver, B. C.
Horace Hawes, the cattle-grower, of Fresno
County, is among the recent arrivals here.
George B. McLellan of New York, manager
for Nat Goodwin the comedian, arrived here
yesterday.
J. E. Rawlins, one of the well-to-do English
settlers near Hanford, is at the Pleasanton,
with his wife.
George L. Carral, the druggist, has taken up
his residence for the summer at the St. Nicho
las, with his wife.
A. Chicola, a mining man of Jackson, who is
also interested in merchandising, is among
the arrivals at the Commercial.
W. S. Pond, agent of the New York Mutual
Life Insurance Company at Portland, Or., is at
the Pletisanton for a short visit
Commander H. L. Howison of Mare Island,
lately made commander of the famous battle
ship Oregon, is at the Occidental.
Dr. M. Masforroll, a well-known oculist of
Panama, is making the Miramar his headquar
ters during a short visit to this City.
L. S. Sherman of Sherman. Clay <fc Co. has re
tnrned to his home at the Pleasanton after an
absence of about two montns in Europe.
Chief Engineer Trilley, U. S. X., recently de
tailed for service at the Mare Island Navy-yard,
Is among the latest arrivals at the Bella Vista.
Sheriff Warfleld of Merced is in town. He
has a photograph oi Dunham, the Santa Clara
County murderer, which represents him as
quite a handsome young man.
A. D. Fish and Miss Carrie Ray of the "Miss
Jerry Company" of New York arrived at the
St. Nicholas yesterday preparatory to present
ing a picture play here in a few weeks.
John J. Peareeof Pearce, Ariz., and for whom
that town was named, is at the Russ. Mr.
Pearce owns mining property at Pearce and
also at Bisbee. He has been in Arizona many
years.
Charles H. Jackson, deputy attorney-general,
has returned to his home at the St Nicholas
after an absence of two months during which
he has been attending the southern circuit of
California.
Dr. J. Vela, Consul-General of Guatemala, is
among the latest guests to arrive at the Mira
mar. He is on his way co New York, which
will be his headquarters for the exercise of
official duties.
Mrs. David Jacks, wife of the extensive land
owner of Monterey County, is among the re
cent arrivals at the Pleasanton. She is accom
panied by Miss Jacks, Miss, Veda Jack's ana
Mrs. A. C. Black.
The Rev. W. E. Edmnmon, chaplain in the
United States navy and at present connected
with the cruiser Philadelphia, now in port, is
at tbe Bella Vista Hotel, having recently taken
a leave of absence and returned from the South
with his bride.
Grant Calhoun of Seattle, Stanford's champion
220-yard sprinter of 18IS, has » -rived from
the northwest and jestorday entered Cooper
Medical College. He proposes to make this
City his home for several years and may join
the Olympic Club.
O. O. Howard Jr. ot New York, a young min
ing man and nephew of General O. O. Howard,
is at the Colonial. Mr. Howard has mining
interests in San Bernardino County, and for
merly was connected with the English Moun
tain mine, near Nevada City.
D. D. Davidson of Sonoma, one of the early
California pioneers, is at the Commercial. He
has come down as a representative from So
noma to arouse the people here to the neces
sity of holding a celebration at Sonoma on July
7 to commemorate the raising of the Bear
flag.
E. Stevens, a member of the Daly Company
and a San Franciscan long connected with the
Tlvoli during a previous residence in this City,
is stopping at the Bella Vista with his wife,
formerly Miss Weller, the daughter of ex-Post
master Woller, the old-time politician, and the
niece of ex-Governor John B. Weller.
P. G. McDonald, who came down the Yukon
recently with Joseph Cooper on a perilous trip
with dog teams, is at the Commercial. He has
been engaged by an English Lord to guide him
from Juneau to the distant gold fields, and will
meet the heavy-weight Englishman at the town
In question in a littte over two weeks and set
out with him.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, N. V., June I.— At the Grand—
F. J. Batchelor. Metropolitan— A. Chisander,
11. G. Thrum, H. E. Morse. Grand Union—
K. Harrison. Holland— Misses Hopkins, W. S.
Martin. Park Avenue— A. R. Wells, Mrs. H. K.
Whitman. St. Denis— Cocaley. Imperial—
W. W. Erskine. Netherland— Mr. and Mrs. F.
S. Johnson. Savoy— Mr. ; and Mrs. L. Schwau
bacher. Metropole — C. B. Thompson. Sailed
per steamship Umbria for Liverpool— Rev. R.
Callender, Mrs. Carmichael Carr and son, Mrs.
Madden, Miss Madden, the Right Rev. Bishop
Goodsell, Mrs. Goodsell, Miss Anna G. Goodsell,
Miss Bertha P. Goodsell. Sailed per steamship
Spree for Bremen, via Southampton— Mr." and
Mrs. Nicholas Ohlandt, Miss Matnilde Ohlandt.
Miss frieda obiaadt. . ;......:.
AT ANGEL ISLAND.
Memorial Service* Held Under the
Auspices of Taylor Garrison.
Memorial services were held over on
Angel Island Sunday under the auspices
of General Zachary Taylor Garrison No.
126, Regular Army aud Navy Union. The
two hundred and odd officers and soldiers
who have found their last resting-place in
the beautilul cemetery were remembered
as though they lived but yesterday. Un
der command of \V. G. B. Erdmann the
members of the garrison marched from
their hall to the cemetery. The First
United States Infantry band was in at
tendance and while entering the burying
ground played the military funeral march.
An immense column of wild flowers had
been erected midway in the cemetery and
around this those taking part in the cere
monies gathered and at parade-rest lis
tened while Chaplain John H. Macomber,
U. S. A., offered prayer. Captain John J.
O'Connell, U. S. A., acted as orator of the
day. Chaplain Joan H. Macomber made
a few brief remarks.
"Nearer, My God, to Thee,'' was then
rendered by the band, ftfter which three
volleys were fired by the garrison guard.
Taps was sounded, and the ceremonies,
which were strictly according to tne laws
of the Army and Navy Union, ended.
FASHIONABLE COLLARS AND CUFFS
The design shown here is a sailor collar,
which may be made with square-cornered
points or with long-pointed ends that extend
to the waistline. With this collar pattern is
shown a flaring cuff pattern.
Flax-colored batiste and linen arc much used
for these collars and cuffs, which may be worn
with any dress. Heavy linen is simply
trimmed plain or with hemstitching. Light
weight linen, batiste or lawn is often made
with a narrow infertion of lace or embroidery
let in above a hem an inch and a half to two
inches deep; or embroidery or lace is stitched
along the edges.
Pure white linen lawn make 9 very dainty
and dressy collars. Narrow butter-colored
Valenciennes lace and insertions are used as
trimming, the lace just stitched on around
the edges, the insertion let in an men from
the edge; some show two rows of the inser
tion. Pure white lace is also much used on
white lawn.
White piquet is another fabric employed in
making these accessories, and may be trimmed
in the same manner as linen or may be used
perfectly plain.
Word From Yates.
William Doxey has just received a letter from
Fred Yates of London, the eminent artist, who
began his career as a portrait painter in Califor
nia. Following is an extract from the letter-
It is probable 1 sail from here on June 23. Shall
probably stay ten days In New York. I have one
portrait to do there, and then heigh-ho for Cali
fornia! I expect lirst, to go to Los Angeles, where
my father is.
1 Bent you two illustrated catalogues to-day con
taining only my academy exhibits. Sir Joseph
Spearman's daughter is on the line. Besides two
in the Royal Academy 1 have another at the Paris
.Salon, two in the .New Gallery and. one In the N.
E. A. C. Fred Yates.
CaLifobnia glace fruits, 50c lb. Townsend's.*
Special information daily to manufacturer?,
business houses and public men by the Pros*
Clipping Bureau (Alien's), 510 Montgomery. '
»—» — »
Brown— look sort of cut up this morning,
neighbor.
Houston street— l be. I iust bo't 10 cents' '
worth of lea up at the corner an' I don't know
what I did with it.— New. York Evening World.
"THE OVERLAND LIMITED"
Viu I 11:011 Pacific.
nVTV sl/ 2 DAYS TO CHICAGO— 3%
U2>L.X 4 a DAYS TO NEW YORK— 4%
Pullman doub> drawing-room sleepers and din
ing-cars, San Francisco to Chicaeo, dally without
change. Composite buiTet smoking and library
cars between Salt Lake City, Ogden and Chicago.
Upholstered I'ullmiui tourist sleepers, San Fran
cisco to Chicago, daily without change, and per
sonally conducted tourist excursions to st. Paul
and Chicago every Friday.
For tickets and sleeping-car reservations apply to
general ottice, 1 Montgomery street. Steamship
tickets on sale to and from all parts of Kurope.
V. W. HITCHCOCK, General Agent.
Yellowstone Park Excursion.
Wati-li this ad (or full particulars regarding oar
great excursion to the Yellowstone, i'arty leaves
here the 12th of July. Weekly excursions In up
holstered tourist cars No change. Lowest rates
to all pointH Kast. T. K. statcler, «c&ent Northern
Pacitic itailroad, 6HB Market street, San Francisco.
Removf the causes that make your hair lifeless
and gray with Parker's Hair Bamsam.
Parker's OIKSBB Tosh; cures inward pains.
J.a hies never have any dyspepsia after a wins
glass of Dr. Siegert's Angostura Bitters. |
While William E. Russell is not exactly a
boy any more he is too young to sacrifice him»
nclf by accepting thegoldbui: Democratic nom
instion for the Presidency. — Denver News.
eSSm ItIVBS rf66
Beautiful articles richly decorated.
Also white porcelain and china ware.
3 cups and snucers, 3 pistes,
1 vegetable dish, 1 saiud bowl,
1 bowl, 1 meat dish, 1 honey dish.
Custards, mustard pots, cream pitchers,
3 table tumblers, butterdish,
Su«ar bowl, berry dish, rose bowls,
Celery and olive dishes, knives,
Forks and spoons, 6 berry dishes and
A large lot of other useful dishes.
YOUR CHOICE FREE
With Each Pound.
£>Oc TEAS, any kind.
Colima Pur 3 Spices,
Colima Baking Powder,
-AT—
Great American Importing Tea Co.
MONEY SAVING STORES:
1344 Market st. 146 Ninth st.
3510 Mission st. 218 Third st.
140 Sixth st. 2008 Flllmore st.
617 Kearny st. 065 Market st.
1410 Polk st. 3006 Sixteenth at*
531 Montgomery aye. 104 Second st.
333 Hayes st 3259 Mission «t.
53 Market st. (Headquarters); S. P.
1053 Washington st. 616 E. Twelfth st.
i3i San Pablo aye. 917 Broadway, Oakland
; 1355 Park st., Alameda.
"/m& "Well, what more can we do?"
ML We know th l it is the most reliable
Mt^- J'.nsine made, ami guarantee it in
AW/**"- particular. Yes. th« Heroin
JM 1 * lks Was and Oasolin k Knoinf i e
1 ~ - --- • -'- — - ' o^fftaciscoi Cai, .; T'TESDAY JUNE 2, 1896
AMUSEMENTS.
•. KAi.rwiN Th-eatf.r.— "School for Scandal."
Colcmbia Theater- "The Two Escutcheons."
Mokosco's OrERA-KoDSK— -The Soudan."
I s ; iycr£i Opkra-I onsr..— • Olivette '
Orphkcm— High-Class Vaudeville.
; vtfo Coney Island— Bathing and Perform-
• mces.
. Shoot the Chutes— Daily at Halght street, one
clock east of the Park.
I M3l v Coast Jockey Club-— Races to-day.
PICNICS AND EXCURSIONS.
' _ EXCCBSXOK to THE Santa CBUZ MOCNTAINS—
Thursday, June 4. ■
AUCTION SALES.
By Chas. Levy & Co.— This day (Tuesday).
Furniture, at salesroom, 1135 Market street, at 10
o'clock.
.- By L. ViNCENT-This day (Tuesday), Furni-
ture, at 1123 Florida street, at 2 o'clock.
By Kaston & Eldkidhk- This day (Tuesday)
real Estate, at 6SB Market hi., at 12 o'clock noon.
■ IyG. H. Imbsbn <fe Co.— Monday, June 8,
Beal Kstate, at salesroom, 14 Montgomery street,
at 12 o'clock poon.
CITY NEWS IN BRIEF.
The Durrant bill of ezceptions is nearly
ready for the printers.
Justice of the Peace Groezinger was elected
presiding justice yesterday.
Mrs. P. L. Weaver has resigned her position
as matron of the Almshouse.
. The carnival committee completed its or
. ganization yesterday afternoon.
Annie Hinds has won her suit for back salary
asainat the Board of Education.
Justice Carroll ordered two men into custody
. yesterday for contempt of court.
The time to Pel Monte will be reduced by a
hull hour on and aft«r Monday next.
Mis* Helen Smith is soon to make her debut
in a -Trip to the Moon" at the Tivoli.
The Board of Health will dismiss Dr. Creely,
the veterinary, without an investigation.
r;ly cloudy, Tuesday morning, followed
by lair" — W. H. iiammon, forecast official.
•John P. More has bsen suspended from his
position as administrator of the estate of A. P.
Mure.
Wesley T. Lewis, tne assailant of Florence
Ready, was captured by Detective Cody yes
terday.
Jacob S. Coxey will be here in a few days.
ai.d he will explain his plan of non-intercst
bearing bonds.
The union carpenters are displeased with
the disposal of a tooi-thief case in Police Judge
Campbell's court.
Another station has been established on the
Coast Division road and the gap reduced by
two and a half miles.
The California League baseball grounds, on
the Mechanics' Institute Folsom-street lot,
will be opened within a lew weeks.
The yacht Rover of the Corinthian fleet re
turned'from Santa <ruz -unday evening; after
having experienced a very rough trip.
The Labor Bureau Association is having
trouble over the Turk-street Temple, orer the.
lea^e to the lower part of the building.
Henry McCoy, au old man living at 17 Mor
ris avenue, attempted to commit suicide last
nieht by cuttinp hi« throat with a razor.
Exercises in honor of Lord Kelvin, the Brit
■>h scientist, will be held at the Academy of
- rices on the jvening of the Iftth inst.
H. Kuh!. the broker who wooed a wife b~
nisL-ment, begun suit against, her for di
vorce yesterday on the ground of cruelty.
Th? State Board of Horticulture meetings
he htld in Sacramento hereafter, as its
: larters are now located in the State
cap
Th- United States Circuit Court of Appeals,
: 5 McKcnna, Ross and wiibtTt presiding,
w in session and six opinions were banded
dnwn yesterday.
Tee closing exercises of the Japanese night
bol, under the auspices of the Methodist
church, were held last night at the Japanese
Church on Pine street.
At the Closing exercises of the Niles Gram
school diplomas were presented toueorge
r. William Jefieris, Bertha Nichols, Ida
Lamb and Olive Baldwin.
H. nry Bohrons. clerk in a grocery on Eight-
Mission - ts, and Kichr.rd Lu
.. his friend, were arrested yesterday
. • morning for petty larceny.
The favorites were all beaten at Ingleside
yesterday. Elmer F. Yankee Doodl<\ Widow
s, Peru, Georee Rose and imp. Fullerton
■ Lass were the winning horses.
Charles Becker and James Creean, accused
•• of complicity in the N"vada Bank forgery,
have employed attorneys to defend them and
reiuse to make any statement.
Gates are to be placed on the Alamerta broad
gfi^igp and on the Berkeley trains within sixty
cays, but no fares are to be charged where
free riding has been hitherto permitted.
expected that the Southern Pacific Com
will put the new commodity rates to
which have been prepared since the re
■ cent Denver meeting, into effect on the 20th
inn.
James J. Corbett will remain here a week,
v. hen he will go to England with the idea of
' challenging Fitzsimmons and, if possible,
g the Australian to make a match witn
h:m.
Judge Coffey has directed the $40,000 mort
ck£» due from the Heydenfeldt estate to the
an Savings Bank to be paid. The mort
u on property on Sacramento and Leides
'• streets.
. E.J. Graves is suing the Emporium for $5000
. : damages He claims he was promised a posi
. tion at $35 a week. He has not been priven the
; place, and he says he had been damaged to the
: amount asked.
A Tivnii excursion on the tug Fearless ended
in a cutting scrape yesterday. Three men
ijuarreled over a chorus girl, and glasses and
• i flf w for several minutes. Captain
; I>an Haskeli quelled the riot.
In a communication to the Supervisors yes
y Manager Viniug of the Markei-Mreet
ray system admitted that within fifteen
tha paft ihe car* of the company had
down and injured fifty-four persons.
Dr. ''harle- (.;. KuMman was adjudged guilty
of contempt by Judge Camubell yesterday for
refusing to answer questions put to him by
Coroner Hawkins at the Sonderup inqueM,
atid was sentenced to five days in the County
Jail.
■ H. H. Rife, an itinerant jeweler, attempted
rraud the Southern Pacific Company on a
riaim for missing baggage, but the swin
dle, was detected and the offender convicted of
attempting to obtain money on false repre
sentations.
There will be an excursion to Boulder Creek
on Thursday. June 4, run by the Southern
. Pacific Company over the narrow-gauge route.
: The train will start from the 7:45 narrow
■ gauge boat. Returning the train will leave
Boulder Creek at 4 p. m. of the same day.
The regular monthly meeting of the Char
ming Auxiliary Club was held in the church
parlors Monday afternoon. Miss Emma Fran
ces Dawson was ihe lecturer for the afternoon
and read "Tne Itinerant House," which was
received with applause and a vote of thanks.
The only busy dock on the water front is
... that between Mission '1 and Howard 1. There
the whalebscJc City ot Everett i.= discharging,
steamer Zealandia is repairing, the British
:<• Monarch is discharging and oil
- nre beiug loaded on scows lor use in
. the bay.
•The- petition for a writ of prohibition to re
strain Judjje Wallace from proceeding with
tho examination ol '•■ it .>iebe was argued
■'• before the Supreme Court yesterday and taken
r advi.semen:. Sentencing the railway
nftii-iuls lor contempt has been deterred until
Wednesday rnoniini;.
The Catholics of Xiles. Alameda County, will
rate the feast of Corpus Christi next
- lay witn great sulf-miiity. Fainer Gloria
<,f san Pabio will preach :n Portuguese at the
10 o'clock mass, and & sermon in English will
be preached at the 8 o'clock mass. The few
ln<iiE.ns thitt Still remain around "El Molino"
• will participate in Thursday's celebration.
A. F. Burleigh, delegate from Washington to
the National Republicnn Convention, receiver
■■ of the Northern Pacific Kailroad, and spoken
' Of in connection with the next United States
senatorsbip, is at the Palace. He says Wash
• iriL'ton Republicans favor a gold standard and
■ McKinley, but thßt any good Republican
would do lor President. He is here on a $96,
-000 liie insurance case.
Two i'ainful Accidents.
Patrick Pryor, an employe of the Market-
Cable Company, had his right hand
•badly crushed in the cable slot at City Hall
<■ and McAllister street yesterday morn-
Ing. He was loosening the sheaves in Inc.
•'■= cable rope, when the cable suddenly started.
He was taken to the Receiving Hospital, but
'1 to be treated there, and went to hi.-.
: . home. He «rtll probably lose liis hand.
Jerry Kegan, another employe of the com
pany, Wiis run over by a light wagon at Stock
ton "and M.-irkc* streets yesterday, und before
khe could get to his feet a delivery w»gou
passed over his right leg, breaking it
ONLY ONE DOCK
THAT IS BUSY.
All the Other Wharves
Are Practically Doing
Nothing.
TWO SHIPS DISCHARGING
The City of Everett, Zelandia,
Celtic Monarch and Oil Tanks
Crowd One Dock.
A ROW ON THE FEARLESS.
Flag Drill on the Monitor Monadnock
and Cruiser Philadelphia
Yesterday.
The busiest dock on the water front is
that between Mission N0.2 and Howard No.
1. This is not saying much for wharfage
space at the disposal of the Harbor Com
missioners, as with the exception of Union
street wharf nearly the entire water front
is idle. Of course, the regular coasting '
trade is in evidence, but deep-water vessels
are at a discount and commerce is at a
standstill.
At Union-street wharf the Sterling is dis
charging a general cargo of New YorK
merchandise, wnile at Mission street the
Celtic Monarch is attempting to discharge
a cargo of Australian coal.
The whaluback City of Everett arrived
last Sunday night with a cargo of coal for
John Rosenfeld's Sons and the Celtic
Monarch nad to make room for ner. The
latter was towed across the dock and
moored alongside the Zealandia. The
whaleback is now hard at work and the
Britisher is getting rid of cargo as best j
sfie can. The Zealandia is being over- ■
hauled and workmen are fixing her hawse
pipes and recalking her decks. Once fixed
up she will be a& good as new and the sur
veyors class her Al.
The oil tanks shown in a recent issue of
The Call are being placed in position on j
the scows and they help to nil out the
scene on the Mission-Howard bulkhead.
The tanfcs have now been lowered into the
lighters and in a few days they will be
towed to their destination in the Santa
Barbara Chanr.el.
There was trouble on the tug Fearless i
last Sunday. The Tivoli Opera company
went out for an excursion, but there were '
"razors in t; c air " before, the picnic was
over. Some "outsiders" got away on the
tug and they made trouble. Glasses and
beer bottles flew in all directions, and had j
it not been for Captain Haskell blood
would have flowed. As it was the party
was not fairly ashore when the quarrel
broke out again. The boys and a chorus
singer fought over one of the chorus girls
and the chorus singer was so badly j
thrashed that he had to be taken to a pri- j
vate hospital. Officers Dillon and Dalton
were calie.i on, but no arrests were made. '
The Blackbraes, from Liverpool for San !
Francisco, is not as badly damaged as was
at first suspected. The* lire in her hold ;
has been put out and sue will discharge i
the entire car^-o in order to make sure tiiat j
another outbreak will not occur.
There was a flag drill on the monitor i
Monadnock ami cruiser Philadelphia yes- I
terday. A number of men from the Naval i
Reserve vessel Comanche were on the
monitor and learned many new points
during the drill. The naval battalion will i
have the use of the men-of-war for the j
rest of the week. A company will go out I
each evening and ''general drill" will be
the order of each evening.
There was a change in the office of the
Ship-owners' Association yesterday. Wal
tliew went out, and in future wilfpractice j
Jaw. His place as secretary of the asso- |
ciation will in future be filled by Captain
Nsylor.
The British ship Falklandbank got in ,
from the nitrate ports yesterday, after a
fail passage. Two days ago she was caught !
in a strong north-northwest gale and lost j
a number of sails.
The owners of the Samoan have char
tered her to load wheat for Australia. In j
consequence a new vessel for the island
trade was necessary. The Vine has been ;
secured, and about the 10th inst. she will '
get away for Fiji, Samoa, Hawaii and the !
Gilbert.-'.
The steamer Czarina is being thoroughly I
overhauled. Her machinery has been
taken out and her boilers renewed. When
ready to start in the Humbolit Bay trade
the vessel will be as goqd as new.
There was a. lively row on the barkentine
C. C. Funk yesterday. Gus Anderson ran
amuck and damaged Captain John Charl
leion, Manager-owner R. W. Schultz and
Second Mate D. W. Cutiirell. They over
came the maniac and threw him ashore.
Afterward Anderson had the three men
arrested, but they were released on bonds.
They now intend having the sailor ar
rested on a charge of mayhem, as he
nearly chewed Captain Charlleton's fin
ger off.
MATRON WEAVER RESIGNS
The Wife of the Ex-Superintend
ent Gives Up Her Posi
tion.
Mrs. Edward Rcddy Will Probably
Be Appointed to tbe Place
To-Morrow.
In spite of the statement that she would
remain at the Almshouse as matron until
removed by the Board of Health, Mrs.
Weaver, the wife of the recently deposed
superintendent, has found her position
untenable and has offered her resignation,
to take effect immediately. The letter
was received at the oflice of the Board of
Health yesterday and will be acted on at
the special meeting that is to be held to
morrow evening.
Mrs. Weaver's notification to the board
that it is at liberty to appoint her succes
sor as soon as it pleases was exceedingly
brief and read as follows:
May 31, 1897.
For more than six yeais past I have given
my best energ.es to the case oi the City's poor
aiid in gathering sociological notes "for the
benefit of science. This work I undertook
with a clear understanding oi civil service
protection as expressed in the Political Code
of our State.
With many regrets I tender to you my
resignation as matron of the City and County
Almshoiiß<\ driven to this act since my hus
bmid has been ejected from his position as
superimendeut ot that institution.
Mrs. P. L. Weaver.
Mi's. Weaver's resignation will undoubt
edly be accepted by '.he board to-morrow
and in alllikelihood her succsesor will be
appointed at tne same meeting.
Present indications are that Mrs. Reddy,
ihe wife of the recently appointed super
intendent, will be given the place, as it
has been the custom for many years past
to appoint the wife of the sunerimendent,
in case he has one, to the office.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JUNE 2, 1896.
The Only Busy Dock on the Water Front Is That Between Mission No. 2 and Howard No. 1. There
the City of Everett Is Unloading Into the Coal Bunkers, the Zealandia Is Repairing, the
Celtic Monarch Is Discharging, and the New Oil Scow Is Taking on the Tanks That Are to
Be Used in Bay Transportation.
[Sketched by a " Call " artist.]
GATES TO BAR
ALAMEDA TRAINS,
Broadgauge Cars Will Be
Equipped Within Sixty
Days.
ALSO BERKELEY TRAINS
General Manager Kruttschnitt
Says That Free Riding
May Continue.
ALAMEDANS ARE SUSPICIOUS.
They Believe the Southern Pacific Is
Preparing for Another Tug
on the Cinch.
Gates are to be placed on the Alameda
broadgauge and on the Berkeley trains.
Fares will not, however, be collected,
and no change will be made in the present
method of handling tickets.
Tnis course is to be taken as a simple
precautionary measure for the safety of
passengers and to protect the Southern
Pacific Company from future possible
suits for damages based on personal in
juries, fatal or otherwise, inflicted by its
trains.
So says General Manager Kruttschnitt,
and he also stated yesterday that the gates
would be on all the trains within sixty
days.
Mr. Kruttschnitt explained the matter
as follows:
"I don't know how many claims and
lawsuits are pending from Alameda and
Berkeley because «f people getting off the
trains on the side opposite the sMewalk.
It is to avoid these claims and suits that
we propose to put the gates on the cars.
They will prevent people getting hurt and
losing their lives.
•'The immediate cause that brought it
about was a claim sent in from Berkeley
not long ago. This was in the case of May
Quill, aged 13, who was killed by getting
off the train on the side opposite the sta
tion and being struck by a train coming
from tne opposite direction. In that case
the Coroner's jury returned a verdict
which found in part as follows:
"That death was caused by being crushed by
a train of the Southern Pacific Company, and
we do further find that said death was purely
the result of an accident, and we do suggest
that to avoid further accidents of the same na
ture tnat the Southern Pacific Company put
gates on the local trains passing the town of
Berkeley at once. "
"Is it not, then, the intention of the
company to collect fares from the people
who may desire to ride from one part of
Alameda to the other as is now being done
in. Oakland?" was asked.
"No," replied Mr. Kruttschnitt. "The
gates will not be guarded by conductors or
brakemen for the purpose of collecting or
punching tickets, and the people will have
the privilege of free riding the same as be
fore, for we have never had any complaints
of promiscuous jumping on and off the
Alameda trains as we had in reference to
the Oakland trains before the gates were
put on. Only the gate? on the side nearest
the station will be opened when the trains
come to a stop, and we thus expect to save
the people from the loss of limbs and life
by these trains."
"Are the gates to be put on all tbe Aia
meda trains — broad and narrow gauge?"
"For the present it is contemplated to
put them only on thn broad gauge trains.
The cars are now being equipped with
them in the West Oakland shops, and it
will probably be sixty days before all the
cars will be -thus protected."
It was furtner learned that the gates are
to he of the collapsible pattern, originally
designed by Mr. Kruttschnitt for the
trains of the Atlantic system ;of the com
pany, and which was illustrated in The
Call several weeks ago.
ALAMEDANS SUSPICIOUS.
They View the Proposed Course of
the Southern Pacltlc Com
pany With Fear.
ALAMEDA, Cal., June L— lt was i
learned from one of the local officials here j
to-day that gates are to be placed on the ;
broadgaune trains shortly, but that no j
attempt would be made to collect fares
from Alamedans who ride from one sta- :
tion to another, and that the gates are |
simply to protect the people from injury i
from accidents.
While this news was received with grati
fication by many, there are not a few who |
view the situation with suspicion and j
alarm. The putting on of gates on the
broadgauge is looked upon simply as a
preliminary step to adopting the same
change on the narrow-^au^e and then
charging fares on both lines.
The present course of the Southern Pa
cific Company is considered a cunning j
device for getting in an entering wedge j
without arousing the resentment of the
local residents.
"The situation, as far as the rights and
privileges of the Southern Pacific Com
pany in this town are concerned, is a pe
culiar oue. It has a franchise and right
of way for the narrow-gauge road, and the
right to charge fares on that line has
never been questioned. But so far as the
broad-gauge is concerned, it is in a deli
cate position. It has the right of way, but
is shy a franchise, and, therefore, it is
claimed by high legal authorities, has no
right to charge fares on the trains of that
line within the conlines of the town.
"It is the opinion of those who are well
versed* in the devious ways of the great
and unscrupulous corporation that its \
latest indication of solicitude for the wel- j
fare of its patrons is nothing more than a j
prelude to a new pull on the cinch. They |
exnect to see the gates go on the narrow
gauge trains shortly, and then the inaugu- j
ration and enforcement of the drastic
Oakland remedy lor train accidents, with
all its inconveniences and financial bur
dens."
City Attorney Taylor, in speaking of the
matter, said:
"I know of no franchise being in ex
istence for the running of trains on Rail
road avenue on what is known as tbe
broad-gauge line. 1 have made diligent
search of the records and ordinances and
can find no mention of any. The com
pany, l understand, claims it has the
right-of-way owing to possession and
ownership. '
"Is there any franchise for the narrow
gauge line down Ei.cinal and Central
avenues?" was asked.
"Yes," replied Mr. Taylor. "On look- j
ing over the records I fouud that in May,
1877, when William Robinson was presi
dent and Judge Ellsworth clerk, a fran
chise was granted to the Bay and Coast
Railroad Company to construct, main
t.iin and operate a line of railway upon j
and through any avenues and streets run- i
nmg east aiid we?t south of the north line !
of Encinal avenue, provided the railroad
should not cross Central avenue. Before
this ordinance went to passage the name
waa chanced to the South Coast Pacific |
Railroad Company. The franchise was j
for twenty-five years. Again, in 1883 — |
January I think — the San Frnnoisco !
and Colorado River Railroad Com- |
pany applied for a franchise to use j
the wharvf •», ships, deputs, tracks, etc., of j
the Bay and Coast Railroad Company and j
ail the rights and grants for which that i
company was incorporated. The exact I
lines of streets they were to use 1 cannot j
tell, as the designation marking them j
would have to be plotted oui by a com- |
pet Put surveyor. This iranchise was also !
for a period of twenty-live years."
"Is there any mention made of an agree- j
ment not to charge lares for the franchise |
given tue company?"
"None that 1 can find."
"Can they put gates on the trains there- I
fore and charge iares?"
"There is nothing to prevent them that
I can see on the narrow-gauge, for I sup
pose the Southern Pacific Company has
acquired the rights of the San Francisco 1
and Colorado River Company."
Presid-ent J. J. Forderer ot the Board of
Town Trustees, when interviewed on the j
point, said that the railway company ;
might put on gates, but they could not
charge iares on the broad gauge. To
charge fares, he said, the company must
have a franchise tor that line, and added ,
tliat it had none. He did not think it at !
all probable that 'tlie company would
Charge fare? on the broad-gauge.
A prominent citizen, who does not wish :
his name to appear, in discussing the mat- '
ter, said :
"I think it. i? quite time this matter was !
settled once ana for all. It is continually j
cropping up and affects property values
very oiuch. The City Trustees ought to
take steps to let our peoulo know where I
they stand. My own opinion is that the!
railway people want to put on gates, and
want to charge fares, if not at once, then |
in the near future, for it has two objectives !
in view. The Alameda Diivinsr Associa- I
tion is constructing a mile track on the i
company's land at the foot of Sherman !
street. If that is a 't;o,' then it will be j
leased and enclosed and highly improved, i
Then again, on the other side of the j
peninsula, on the narrow-gauge track, j
some of the Alameda cyclers and Olympic
Club boys have an option on a large hold
ing for the construction of a bicycle track
and the railway company is to enclose
the same and make it tbe finest and long
est track on the coast. This will mean
increased travel from across the bay and
by the residents. So any one can see that
if the gates go on the question of fares is
only a matter of time. The citizens will
have to get together and pull together if
they wish to stop the company in time."
A SOLDIERLY TRIBUTE.
Commander Mortimer Sends a Graceful
Acknowledgment to Colonel
Schlaudecker.
The following letter is self-explanatory:
Lincoln Post No. 1, G. A. R ,1
414 Mason street,
Pas Francisco, June 1, 1896. )
Colonel Matthew Schlaudecker, 527 Clay street,
San Francisco— DEiß Com hade: 1 desire to ex
press to you personally and as commander of
Lincoln Post No. 1, G. A. R.. of which body you
are an honored member, my appreciation of
the kind and generous motive that prompted
you to attend a dinner of wnich you were both
host and donor.
That both the invitation and the dinner were
j enjoyed and apDrcciated In the highest degree
j alter" the fatigue o: the day, I need hardly say;
| that the good things you so bountifully pro
| vided wer>; devoured with, thr appetite of the
old soldier sharpened by a long march, is a
: positive demonstration of the application of
i your quality as a host and the appropriateness
I of your menu. Again, my dear colonel, I thank
! you, in the jib me of the post ana its officers,
I and for all who were present, and assure you
that the occasion was one of delight and will
long be remembered by your guests, yoiircom
; ra.ies and your commander. lam, comrade,
| very truly your?, iv X., C. and L.,
llarky W. Mortimer.
Commander Lincoln Post No. 1, (J. A. R;
chairman Memorial day committee for
1896. anil President of the Day.
ICemtaurant Employe*.
The Hotei and Restaurant Employes met '
last night at the Turk-street Temple. Tiie em
ployment secretary reported an increasing de- i
rnand for union waiters. The meeting ivas I
addressed by Sebastian Schneider, Theodore
Lynch, Oswald Seifert, B. Kruaer, H. Wattle
and Leon Brown.
Children Cry for Pitcher's Castoria.
CHINESE GIRLS
SPIRITED AWAY.
Peculiar Legal Plot for a
Grand Jury Inves
tigation.
THE LAW A CAT'S PAW.
Two Refugees Arrested, Bailed
Out and Taken Back
to Slavery.
CASE IN CAMPBELL'S COURT.
Chinese Had Counsel Hired for Both
Sides to Baffle the Presby
terian Home.
• A questionable legal proceeding that
will be brought to the attention of the
Grand Jury was exposed yesterday in
Police Judge Campbell's court.
Two Chinese girls who recently escaped
from their dens of slavery and sought the
protection of the Presbyterian Mission
Home have mysteriously disappeared
alter being taken from the home to the
California police station on a charge of
grand larceny preferred by one of the
denizensof Chinatown. The story of their
fleeing voluntarily to the home and asking
protection from their masters is fresli i.i
the minds of newspaper readers, for it oc
curred only last Tuesday.
Thursday afternoon about 4 o'clock an
otticer visited the home with a warrant
charging Gong Ho and Suey King, the
names by which the young girls were
known, with grand larceny, the complaint
alleging that tbe bracelets worn by them
were stolsn from a Chinese store. Miss
Cuibertson, matron of the home, followed
the girl? to tne police station and left
orders not to permit them to be bailed out
for fear their bondsmen tniirht prove to be
Chinese, who would put up the small
amount simply to gain possession of them.
Friday morning Henry E. Monroe, for
years the attorney for the Presbyterian
Mission Home, repaired to the City Hall
at the request ol Miss Cuibertson, who had
notified iiim that Qia services were needed
to defend the two girls. On arriving in
court Miss Cuibertson and the attorney
were surprised to learn that a lawyer
named Mogan was present, as he de
ci.ired, as counsel for tiie girls. Ex-Judge
Dibble was on hand as special prosecut
ing attorney. He asked for a continuance
for two days and his request was granted.
The girls were not in court, but Miss
Culbertsoii was given to understand that
they were in a neighboring room. An in
vestigation proved this assertion to be
false. Further inquiry revealed the fact
that the girls had been bailed out of the
police station at 2:30 o'clock that morn
ing. The clerk of the court was applied
to for a record of the bond, for Judge
Campbell had signed the release, but it
was not available. Wong Dong, the Chi
nese employed to pass upon such bonds,
said he had not seen any for this particu
lar case.
Yesterday the case was called again in
Judge Campbell's court. The prosecuting
witness who caused the girls' arrest was
not present.
Mr. Mogan for the defense asked that
the case be dismissed, and ex-Judge Dib
ble, tbe prosecuting attorney, offered no
objection.
Judge Campbell himself took no notice
of the fact that a Chinaman had caused
the arrest of two girls on a charge of fel
ony, and had then failed to appear to sub
stantiate his grave accusation.
Just as the case was about to be tacitly
disniissed Henry Monroe, attorney for the
home, arose and addiessing the court re
lated the peculiar story. He declared that
the whole proceeding bad been a cut and
drkd scheme by which, with apparently
legal methods, tiie original masters of the
girls had gained possession of their un
willing slaves. But Judge Campbell said
he- had no jurisdiction in the matter and
dismissed the case.
Miss Cuibertson of the Presbyterian
Mission Home was indignant. She saia:
"Thursday afternoon a police officer
came here with two warrants. There wera
two Chinamen with him. I asked what
the charge was against the girls, but they
refused to state until I insisted upon know
ing. Then one aiiswen-d. 'She steal two
bracelets from my store.' I asked him
when, and he said Tuesday tliey had
called, selected the bracelets, valued at
$70, and with his permission had taken
them home for approval.
'•The girls made their escape and came
here Tuesday forenoon. I saw no brace
lets. When I questioned them they said
the only bracelets they bad had were given
them by the old woman who kept the place
where they used to live. 1 told the officer
that I knew it was only a ruse on the part
of t c Chinese to get the girls in the po
lice station so that they could bail them
out and take possession of them again. 1
asked particularly that bail be not accept
ed. In the evening my niece and an in
terpreter treat down to take the girls some
dinner, and orders were left not to release
them on bail. The eirls were very much
afraid that someone would come and take
them away.
"I understood that they bad been moved
early Friday morning to the Central
Police station at the City Hall, but when
I applied to the Sheriff he had heard
nothing of the transfer. He afterward
volunteered to visit Judge Campbell with
me to make inquiries about the case.
When we called upon Judge Campbell he
refused to discuss the subject.
"To-day when Judge Campbell had the
name of Wong 80, the prosecuting wit
ness, called in the corridor and got no re
sponse, he said : 'Well, I'm not Drosecut
ing; I've nothing to hold them for,' and
he dismisseri the case.
"Yes, I suppose we have seen the last of
those girls."
Patrick J. Mogan, who had appeared as
the girls' legal protector, was averse to
talking of the case when seen at the New
Western Hotel last night.
"I can't disregard the ethics of my pro
fession and betray the confidence of my
client," he remarked, as though that set
tled the matter. But little by little he
unbosomed himself and concluded by de
claring that if what Mr. Monroe had
said in court was true then he him
self had been the innocent tool
of two Chinese schemers who had
called upon him late Thursday night
and asked him to make out a bond for the
release of two girls arrested on a trumped
up charge. He was also asked to defend
them in court, as they wished a speedy
trial. His clients had told i.im, he said,
that the girls must not appear in court, as
it was feared a company of highbinders
would be there ready to take possession of
them as soon as they should be released.
"When Mr. Monroe made that crack in
court to-day, that's the first I knew about
the story. If he'd come and told me that
last Friday, I might have taken a different
stand. All I can say if, if I'd known these
things at first I wouldn't a had anything
to do with the case. If what he says is
true, then I've been imposed upon and it's
unfortunate."
Then Mr. Mogan went on to say that he
had little to do with the Chinese cases
anyway and in the next sentence he de
clared that it was a very common thing
for Chinese to come after mm at night
and make out a bond to be signed by
Judge Campbell, who also has apartments
in the hotel.
GUILTY OF CONTEMPT.
Or. Charles G. Kuhlman Sentenced to
Five Days in the County Jail
by Judge Campbell.
Dr. Charles G. Kuhlman appeared before
Judge Campbell yesterday to answer to
the charge of contempt for refusing to
answer certain questions put to him by
Coroner Hawkins at the inquest on the
body of Jeans Londerup on Saturday,
May 23.
Dr. Kuhlman's attorney argued that the
questions his client had refused to answer
called for privileged information, and he
fortified his position by citing numerous
English authorities.
The Judge did not agree with the view
of the defendant's attorney. He pointed
out that an inquest was not a civil, but a
quasi-criminal proceeding, and the ques
tions should have been answered, as they
were not in the nature of privileged in
formation. He therefore adjudged tbe
defendant guilty of contempt and sen
tenced him to be confined in the County
Jail for live days.
An appeal will be taken to the Superior
Court, and, pending that, Dr. Kuhlman
has furnished bonds.
Dr. Kulilman had accused the Coroner
of attemptine to shield the Market-street
Cable Company in the damage suit which
has arisen out of the death of Londerup,
and it was owing to that accusation that
the Coroner propounded the questions that
Dr. Kuhlman refused to answer.
BOARD OF HORTICULTURE.
Iti New Headquarters Established in
the State Capitol.
Hereafter the State Board of Horticul
ture and the State Horticultural Society
will meet in the State Capitol building in
Sacramento.
In order to reduce the expenses the peo
ple interested in the State Board of Horti
tulturc moved from 220 Sutter street into
the Mills buiMing, where no rent was
charged. As nearly nil the Commissioners
are members of the Horticultural Society,
the new quarters were u?ed by the society.
Governor Budd, however, has been per
sistent, and so arrangements have been
maae for the move.
The new quarters are located in the
anartments in the Capitol formerly oc
cupied by the Secretary of State. They
adjoin the Governor's office. Ali of the
books, documents, sample cases, furniture,
etc., have been moved to Sacramento, and
yesterday Secretary B. M. Lelong departed
with his grip for the capital.
The next meeting of the board
will be held on June 12. All meetings of
the Horticultural Society will be held in
the commission's new quarters.
Quarantine Officer Craw will remain in
this City to look after the vessels arriving
from foreign ports. He has established
his headquarters over the offices of the
chief wharfinger at the foot of Clay street.
Charged \\ ith Forgery.
Two complaints were sworn out in Judge
Low's court yesterday charging Max Gersiach,
a butcher, with forgery. He was employed by
Isidor Fos to go for meat to L. D. Stone & Co.,
and was ?iven money to pay for it. , He is
accused of keeping the money and forging the
iiHme of Stone & Co. to the receipts. He did
this sixteen or eighteen times, but the
amounts were small, ranging from $2 to $3.
Defttructive Schoolboy.
Edward O'Brien, a schoolboy 12 years of age,
was arrested yesterday morning by Policeman
E. J. Thomson for burglary. He is accused of
breaking into the Agassiz School, on Chat
tanooga street, on Sunday, and destroying eev
eral desks, a flag and playing havoc generally.
He had a companion, who has not yet been
arrested.
NEW TO-DAT.
KNIiJriNGCO.
120 Sutter St., rooms 21-24, S. F.,
Take Elevator.
ONLY HEADQUARTERS FOB
M' Bathing
W Suits
\JjiK-</ ' For Men,
iirllivY Women and
If 1 1 HI ! Children.
j||J]| SWEATERS,
iga Jl i_, BOLF HOSE
"^^T~ RACING SUITS !
UNDERWEAR KMT TO ORDER:
Send for Illustrated Catalogues.
DEALERS.— Write us for trade
prices. You can do best with us. .
I FACTORIES : 410 and 412 Polk Street, S. F.
THOUSANDS OF WOMEN.
How Many Suffer In Silence and
Miss the Happiness They Might
Easily Obtain.
There are thousands of women, married and
unmarried, to whom life is full of sorrow and
sadness. Instead of feeling lipht-hearted and
happy they find a dreary monotony in exist
ence. Do you know why ? It is because they
suffer from cares that break down the health,
and from tired, miserable feelincs that steal
away youth and beauty. No wonder they feel
unhappy! But there is fortunately a way for
these weak, sickly women to regain lost health
and strength, as can be seen by the following
opinions of some ladies who speak from per
sonal experience:
Miss Anna Maxey of South Solon, Ohio, says:
"1 suffered from nervous prostr-ition, indiges
tion and sleeplessness, foilowinc a spell of tjek
ness, until my life was despaired of. I look the
best tonics my physician prescribed without
receiving the least Denelit. Finally he advised
mo to try h course of Duffy's pure malt whiskey.
I did so find nm now able to sleep well, and am
rapidly gaining strength."
Him. L, r. Mi11er, 524 N. -2'M St., Philadelphia,
says: "I used to suffer very muck from weak
ness and debility, but I now u>e Duffy's pure
malt whiskry and keep up my health. By
taking it I find that my appetite is better, I
sleep well and do not have that tired, weary
feeling I formerly experienced. It is certainly
ihe best thing I ever tried."
Thousands of ladies have passed through a
similar experience and have te.-.tifled to the
same effect. They have also found out that
the best thing to t:-.ke for this ' purpose is
Duffy's pure nmjt whiskey, because it is un
eiiualed for its restorative powers. There is
nothing like it for driving away blue, de
spondent feelings and making weak, sickly
people strong, healthy and welL
NEW TO-DAT- AMUSEMENTS.
mOLAHOtR.<JOTTLODft c- USSC3A.nonA/tMW4---
READ HEAR
THE WHAT
VERDICT ! THE
PEOPLE HAVK TO SAY.
AGAIN A TRIUMPH!
THK COMPANY I THK PLAY
fKKFECTION: DELIGHTFUL!
THIS PEKFO: MAS'CK
SURPASSING ANY S.TJSB AT
THE COLUMBIA THEATER.
NOW IS THK TIME TO SKCUKE
YOUR SKATS TO SEE
THE ■■: jRAiVLLY^|jM
"THE TWO ESCUTCHEON!"
llemeinber— One Week Only.
Popular Prices— sOc, 75c, *1.
Monday Next- "BROTHER JOHN."
BALDWIN THEATER
Al Hayman * Co. (Incorporated) Proprietors
LiAST 8 3XTIGME3ETS :
Last 2 Mats— Wednesday and Saturday.
• "■"•■ FAREWELL WEEK —
MISS ADA REHAN,
Under the Management of Mr. Ancrustin Da'. 7.
- A GREAT REPERTOIRE:
TO-NIGHT and Wednesday matinee,
"SCHOOL FOR SCANDAL."
Wednesday Evenlng-«'TWELFTH NIGHT."
Thursday Evening— Great Double Bill —
"THE HONEYMOON" and " BELLK'S
STRATAGEM."— Miss Kenan in 2 Roles
Friday evg., Saturday matinee.and Saturday evg.,
Miss Kenan's farewell— Shakespeare's
Merriest Comedy,
"TAMING OF THE SHREW."
Monday, Jane B— NAT C. GOODWIN' in Thomas'
successful character comedy, "In Mizzoura."
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE
Mrs. Kk.nkstin k Krkli.xh, Proprietor >fc Manage
EVERY EVENING THIS WEEK.
THE SUCCESS OF TWO CONTINENTS!
Audran's Favorite Opera Comique,
OLIVETTE !
••The Torpedo and the Whale!"
Special Scenery ! Great Cast! Correct CostumMt
NEXT. OPERA
I'elllnE.'r s Romantic Work,
"TjonnAiNß :*»
First Appearance of Reappearance of
Miss Marie .Mii.i.ard. MissLouisk Koycb,
Prima Donna Soprano. The Favorite Soubrelte.
LOOK OUT FOR-
"THE TRIP TO THE MOON I"
Popular Prices— 2sc and sOc.
1 ' -~~
MOROSCO'S
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
The Handsomest Family Theater in America.'
WALTKK MOROaco, Sole Lessee and Manager
THIS EVKMX(i \T EIGHT.
MATCHLESS SPECTACULAR PRODUCTION
of the Great Military Melodrama,
"THE SOUDAN!"
Reappearance, After an Absence of Six Mouths,
of the Popular Favorite,
Lf-SLIE 3IOROSCO.
Stkxixo I'Rii-K.'t— SSo ana Tile
Family Circie and Galler*. 103.
Uiinal BlaUnee* Saturday and ->un<l-»r.
O'Farrell Street, Between Stockton and Powell.
Week Commencing: Monday, June Ist,
t'ZAKS OF THE VAUDEVILLE!
MEEKS IJIIOS.. -, HAVES and POST,
3F»v^.X*XT>Cr r I I^A. i
I New York sun says: "Pnpinta is j.n Loie Fuller
i multiplied by five.'
DIXoN, BOW . S ami "IKON*
And a Strong Vaudeville' Company.
Reserved seats. Joe: Balcony, 10c: opera Chairs
and Box Seats. 50c.
Coming— Edison's Wonder, "The Vitascope."
SUTRO_BATHS. "
SWIMMING SEASON NOW OPEN-
RAIN OK SHINE — -CALM OK STORM,
Atmosphere Always 7 -J Degrees.
PUKE OCEAN WATEK-8O DEGREES.
SPECIAL TANK FOR LADIES.
GENEKAL ADMISSION—-' '
Adults, 1O Cents. ' Children, 5 Cents.
THE CHUTES I
OPEN SATURDAYS AND SUNDAYS
AND EVERY PLEASANT EVENING
Until Completion of Improvements.
PACIFIC COAST
JOCKEY CLUB
(Inglesirla Track).
FIVE OR MORE RACES DAILY.
(RAIN OK SHINE.)
FIRST RACE AT 2:00 P. I*l.
ADMISSION 91.00.
Take Southern Pacific (rains at Third anl Town-
lend streets Depot, leaving at 12:40 and 1:15 p. sc
Fare for round trip, including admission to gtaoi
stand, $1. Take Misslon-streec electric Una dlrttoe
to track.
A. B. SI'RECKELS, W. a LEA
• Pref ident. - secretary.
— ■
. PICNICS' AND EXCURSIONS.
FAMILY EXCURSION
TO
Slim CRUZ MIYTAHS.
Personally conducted by WM. H. MENTON,
Excursion Passenger Agent S. P. Co. ,
THURSDAY, JUNE 4th.
ROUND TRIP gtgi *3 F^ff
TICKETS, Sgpß -M- - «=fS * O
From San Francisco, Oakland and Alameda.'. For
full information see poster advertisements or ap-
ply at ' Grand Hotel Ticket Office,
i 613 Market street, & F.
78
HOW BOND-BUYERS JUDGE PROPERTY VALUES
Daniel Meyer and Other
Bankers in the Siebe
Perjury Case.
AN INTERRUPTED DAY
IN THE TRIAL.
Petition for a Writ of Prohibi
tion Argued in the Supreme
Court.
NO SENTENCE FOR CONTEMPT
OF COURT.
Judge Wallace Tock the Matter Under
Advisement Until Next Wednes
day Morning.
The Supreme Court had an inning wiih
the Siebe perjury case yesterday, the mat
ter coming up before the court in bank on
an application by Mr. Pillsbury, a railroad
attorney, for a writ of prohibition to re
strain Judge Wallace from proceeding on
the application to remove Siebe from j
office on account of alleged underassess
men'. This was the first proceeding
brought before Judge Wallace.
Mr. Pillsbury contended that the allega- i
tion ihat the Assessor had willfully
neglected to assess the property of the
Market-street Railway Company at its
real cash value implied a crime and that
the matter could not be prosecuted ?ave
under an indictment by a Grand Jury.
Justice Beatty asked Mr. Clunie whether
a Superior Judge had a right to bring the
Assessor before him because the Judge
thought that the Assessor's discretion was
at fault or did not tally with his own. Mr.
Clunie said that lie did not think so.
The court finally look the matter under
advisement.
Owing to the proceedings in the Supreme
Court Judge Wallace adjourned until
2 r. m., at which time a large crowd was in
attendance, expecting to see trie Judge
with an air of offended magisterial dignity
order the Sheriff to cast into a dungeon
Alvinza Hayward, Charles G. Lathrop
and J. L. Willcutt for contempt.
Thomas I. Bergin and District Attorney
Barnes were also present, and appeared to
be very much interested in ths proceed
ings.
Mr. Clunie read an affidavit stating the
facis connected with the alleged contempt
on the part of the persons named as direc
tors of the Market-street Railway Company
for having ordered Auditor Thomas to dis
obey the order of court.
Attorney McEnerney read authorities to
show that the president and other officials
of a corporation could not take the books
out of the office without violating the law,
which provides that fhe books must re
main in the office of the corporation. An
other point was that the books were not
pertinent to the issue. Clunie asked
whether McEnerney pleaded that the books
might .show whether a felony had been
committed by Sieoe, ami whether he based
his refusal on that ground. McEnerney
replied that such was not the fact. Mr.
Clunie argued that the testimony showed
that Secretary Willcutt had the possession
and control of the books, and he was, there
fore, the proper person to make a de
mand upon for them.
Jud:re Wallace asked Mr. Willcutt where
tlie officers of the corporation were, and he
replied that the president, Charles P.
Crocker, is absent in the East on his way
to Europe, and that First Vice-President
11. B. Huntington is in Los Angeles.
Jwine Wallace again asked Secretary
Wilicutt whether he intended to obey the
order of court and produce the books,
and he replied that he uid not.
The matter of contempt was thereupon
taken under advisement until 10 o'clock
Wednesday morning.
"Who was it that caused you to order
Accountant Folsom to enter that fictitious
sum of $10,000,000?" asked Mr. Clunie,
after the contempt matter had been settled.
"We worked together," was the reply,
"and I did it ns secretary of the company.
1 did it to make the books balance."
"Do you mean to teil me that you en- j
tered the fictitious amount without con- i
suiting with the board of directors?"
"Yes, sir. it was because $10,000,000 had
been added to the capital stock by agree
ment of the board of directors."
In response to a question by Mr. Freid
enrich the witness replied that the re
maining 111,000,000 of the $21,000,000 for]
I permanent way and improvements did
! not represent the actual property of the
j company, but the expenditures, etc.. of
j the com 1 any. Before the consolidation
i the Powell-street was doing an unprofit
able business. It had never paid interest
on its bonds, but had to borrow money for
that purpose. The Park and Cliff House
i road was operated at a loss. The Ferries
' and Cliff House Railway did not produce
I any earnings until the year prior to the
consolidation. The Omnibus Cable Com
pany earned $12,000 the last year, but the
stockholders were being assessed to pay
! the operating expenses. The Park and
I Ocean road never paid expenses and was
I not able to pay the interest on the bonds.
I When the consolidation took place the
stock of the constituent companies was
exchanged for the stock of the consolida
tion. No money was paid for the new
j stock.
The company borrowed $2,000,000 from
I banks in this City and left some of its
! bonds in escrow as security. Had it not
1 been for the financial soundness of the di
-1 rectors they would never have been able
I to have got the money for construction
I purposes.
A. Borel of the banking firm of Alfred
I Borel & Co. testified that he was a member
! of a syndicate formed for the purpose of
huying the bonds of the Market-street
Railway Company. His memory beiru
i poor he was sent back to refresh his mem
ory.
John Bigelow of the Nevada Bank was
j asked as to whether he knew of any pur
| chases of bonds of the Market-street Rail-
! way Company in 1393 by the Nevada BaiiK.
He replied that he did, and Mr. Freiden
rich raised an objection to the testimony
on the ground that the market value of
I the bonds would not show the value of the
property.
Judge Wallace remarked that a property
which could support an issue of, say, ten
j millions of bonds above par, certainly
. had some value, and the value of the
i bonds would bear some relation to the
i value of the property.
Mr, Bigelow replied that the bank
i bought $200,000 wortn of the bonds, part
at par, and part above par. Mr. Hellman
bought them. The market had not yet
been established for those bonds. Mr.
Hellman acted for a syndicate of which
the bank was a member.
Mr. Freidenrich questioned the witness, j
j He did not look mainly to the men who
! manage railroad properties, rather than to
the value of the property itself. He re
j plied that he did not buy bonds for the
; bank, but that hs should first inquire
I into the property, and next' to that to
the financial management.
Mr Freidenrich looked diappointed and
dropped the witness.
"How do you fix the value of the
| bonds?" asked Mr. Clunie.
"The sufficiency of the security. If the
net earnings of the road were not siiflfi
i cient to pay the interest, nobody would
! want the bonds," was the answer.
Daniel Meyer said that he was a mer
; chant and knew something about finances.
i He was a member of a syndicate organized
j eighteen months a«o, of which Mr. Borel
j was made chairman and Mr. Smith of the
I Bank of California was secretary. The
j syndicate bought $1,000,000 oi the Market
street Railway bonds with the privilege of
taking another million at the same price.
Every one of the syndicate acted on his
own knowledge. The witness knew at
that time that the Market-street Railway
Company was doing a good business and
| had bought the other lines very cheaply.
! He knew that the road would be able to
pay the interest on the bonds. He knew,
also, at that time that the bonds of tne j
Omnibus road were selling in the market :
at $122 ana that the bonds of the Market
street Railway were selling at from $122 to
$124. He made no investigation into the
value of the road because it had always
paid its interest and the dividends.
Here an adjournment was had until 10
o'clock this morning.
SENTIMENTAL VALUES.
Why Judge Wallace's Furniture I
Was Insured at Several Times
Its Assessed Value.
The preliminary examination of Assessor
Siebe on the second charge of perjury was
continued yesterday in Judge Campbell's
court. William Giselman, Judge Wal
lace's agent, was on the stand during both
j afternoon and evening session.
During the afternoon the value of the j
household furniture was taken into con
sideration. Mr. Giselman, although not
I an expert on the subject, estimated the I
lvalue of the furniture at about .SISOO. As i
j expert testimony, the appraisement of the
property by Mr. Terry of Terry & Co. at
'$1462 30 was submitted. The following
1 items of tins appraisement, which was
marked "Exhibit B," may prove of interest
to the curious.
Fiity-five yards of Moquet carpet in the j
front sitting-room, !?22; books in the library, '
i irlso; square piano, $50; 140 yards of carpet j
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JUNE 2, 1896.
in the parlor, $5C>: silver-plated ware, crock
ery and glassware in the dining-room, $35;
and GO yards 01 carpet in ttie hall, $18.
In the evening Mr. Giselman was further
questioned in regard to the furniture in
the house. The house and furniture, he
believed, _ were insured for $33,000, the
furniture *being insured, to the best of his
recollection, at from $4000 to $.">noo. When
questioned with regard to Judge Wallace's
income from rents at the time when the
tax list in question was made out it was
elicited that the Judce was receiving about
$1900 a month al that time. Expenses
being deducted the net monthly income
was somewhere in the neighborhood of
$1300.
An examination of the books showed
also that Mr Giselman had at various
times cashed warrants for Judge Wallace,
on one occasion five State and two City
warrants having been cashed on the same
I date.
Judge Campbell smiled a wistful smiie
; when Attorney Ackerman suggested that
j this was longer than his Honor kept his
warrants.
The amount of money in bank at vari
ous times was also looked into. In March,
L 893, the amount was $37^0. Asked if he
j had included this in the tax list for 1893,
Mr. Giselman replied that he probably
hud not. He did not know why. If the
tax list for that year did not show any
money on deposit he could not account
i for it. He admitted that Judge Wai
! lace must have known it if he
had money in the bank. In reeard to a
rumored $80,000 loan to the Spring Valley
Water Company, he knew nothing. He
had nothing to do with that, nor would
he have known of it if the Judge obtained
money from the sale of a piece of prop
erty. He admitted that, although he was
not entrusted with the knowledgejof all
the Judge's property, nevertheless, the
Judge had submitted his tax statement to
be made out by him.
Then Attorney Bagrgett wanted to know
some more about the household belong
ings. Agent Giselman had little recollec
tion of the furniture; he remembered no
oil paintings except some family portraits
in the sitting-room; he didn't know
whether the Judge had any cut-glassware,
as he had never dined at the house. Ju,dgs
Campbell at this point suggested that it
plight be well to view the premises, and
incidentally remarked that he should like
to see and possibly purchase some of the
$5 walnut sets.
Mr. Giselman was again asked to ex
plain why the furniture assessed at $1900
had been insured at $4000 or $5000. He
could not account for it except as Judge
Wallace had done — that it had a senti
mental value greater than its market
value. The fact that the residence while
assessed at fl.'i.cOO was insured for nearly
$30,000 he could only explain by the same
"sentimental vaiue."
At this juncture Judge Campbell ad
jounmi court until to-day at 2 o'clock,
when Mr. Giseliiian will be required to
produce the insurance policies of the fur
niture in question.
OVERDOSE OF MORPHINE.
A Frail Young Woman BndH Her Career
Either by Accident or
Design. ,
Flossie Hamilton, a woman of the
world, was found dead in her room, 319
Sutter street, yesterday morning. Death
was due to an overdose of morphine, but
it is a question whether it was taken with
suicidal intent.
There are some who claim that the wo
man was a victim of insomnia and used
the drug as a promoter of sleep. They
claim that she incautiously took an over
dose.
The dead girl was known as Flossie
Hamilton, alias Ellen Farrell. She came
here May 9 from Honolulu under the last
name. Her companion, Miss Merson, 123
Powell street, claims that Flossie was
married, but had left her husband on ac
count of seme domestic trouble.
, The elevator boy of the house said that
the deceased had been drinking heavily
and that she was intoxicated on Sunday
evening. A note reading as follows was
found in her room:
Send me one bottle, of morphine and
charge same to my account.
Flossie Hamilton.
The body was discovered about 8 o'clock
yesterday morning by Mrs. Dougherty,
the landlady. From letters found in her
room it was shown that her parents reside
in Boston and that she was well connected
there. She is said to have a husband in
Honolulu.
•• — — »
WANTS TO BE RIGHT.
Constance Wachtmeiater Has Something
to Say About the Sixth Sense.
The following letter received from Con
stance "Wachtmeister yesterday is self
explanatory:
To the Editor of the San Francinco Call— Sir:
Kindly correct an error which lias crept into
your journal with regard to myself. 1 under
stood from the reporter that .Mr. Johnson hud
said that "intuition was the sixth sense, and
thopc possessing it were actually nixth-rnce
roi'ii and women," iind thus my condemnation
of liis teaching.
Tlie sixth sense when developed will be en
tirely different from intuition, which is at the
present moment simply the forerunner of that
sense which will be developed many centuries
henoe.
As the new theosophieal society has split
it-elf away from the parent body it'has at tlie
same time taken unto itsull" a new aih-j.t, an
Kgyptian, the control of Mrs. Tingley. 1, who
adhere to the old society, give my allegiance
and fidelity to lladatoe Blavatzky'u master, a
Hindoo adept, who was the reni founder of
the presout society and t«< still it« head.
Constance Wachmeister.
Three-tenths of ythe earnings of a Belgian
convict are given to him on the expiration
of his term of imprisonment. Some of
them save more money in jail than they
have ever saved before.
FAIRER SCHEDULE
TO UTAH POINTS,
Some of the New Commod
ity Rates That Are
to Prevail.
WILL STIMULATE TRADE.
San Francisco's Chances as
Against Chicago to Be Much
Improved.
AN INTERESTING COMPARISON.
It Is Expected to Put the Commodity
Schedule Into Effect on the
Twentieth.
In accordance with the understanding
arrived at during the recent meeting of the
trans-Missouri lines at Denver the South
ern Pacilic Company lias prepared a new
schedule of commodity rates into Utah
based, as were the class rates published
some days ago, on 75 per cent of the rate
from Omaha into that State.
Before the new deal the rates from San
Francisco to Utah terminals were 85>£ per
cent of the Omaha- U tah rate, and the pro
posed rates are, therefore, 12V£ per cent
less than they would have been under the
old agreement, and gives San Francisco
and California a much better opportunity
for doing business in Utah thai* was ever
before offered, particularly as against Chi
cago, wnich is the chief and most impor
tant competitor of San Francisco.
"While the class rates have been an
nounced to go into effect on the 15th inst.
it is expected that the commodity rates
will not be put in until the '2oth, thougn an
effort will be made to put the latter in at
the same time as the class rates.
Herewith are given some of the princi
pal new commodity carload rates from
San Francisco to Ogden and Utah com
mon points in comparison with the rates
from Chicago into the same territory, the
figures showing the rates in cents per 100
pounds:
In this connection Assistant General
Freight Agent Sproule said yesterday:
"An important feature of this method of
bnsing rates is that a certain differential
will always be maintained in favor of San
Francisco, and the higher rates are placed
the greater will be the differential in favor
of the Pacific Coast."
TWO NEW BUILDINGS.
Improvement* on the Site of the Old
Woodward's Gardens.
W. T. Scott is putting ud two large
three-story buildings on tlie northeast cor
ner of Fourteenth and Valencia streets.
In the corner building there will he two
stores, one fronting on Valencia street
and the other on Fourteenth street.
Above the stores and in the Fourteenth
street building will be moderately
equipped Hats, eleven or twelve in all.
The concrete foundations are now beins
laid, and the buildings, which will cost in
the neighborhood of $20,000, will probably
be com pic ted in three or four months. On
the adjoining lot, 70x50 feet, a building
will be commenced in a few weeks by It.
B. Woodward.
VINING'S LIST OF INJURED
Fifty-Four Persons Knocked
Down and More or Less
Mangled.
FISTIC EXHIBITION PERMITS.
Supervisors Dimond and Benjamin
Have a Little Spat Over
the Matter.
Over his own signature Superintendent
Vining of <he Market-street Railway Com
pany admitted yesterday that the cars of
the lines under his control had, during the
past fifteen months, knocked down and
injured fifty-four people, of whom five had
died from the results. Mr. Vining's lan
guage was carefully chosen in speaking ot
those who were fortunate enough to escape
death.
Twenty-one people were classed as "not
seriously hurt," fourteen as "somewhat
injured, but not seriously," fourteen
"more or less seriously" and five killed.
These figures were given byj Mr. Vining
in a communication to the Board of Su
pervisors, which was intended tc convince
that body that fenders on the cars to pre
vent people from being mangled under the
wheels would prove more of a danger than
otherwise.
Mr. Vining thought that the fender pro
jecting out in front of the car would give
people less chance to avoid being struck
than if no machinery hampered the car.
The matter was referred to the Health and
Police Committee.
Supervisors Benjamin and Dimond had
a very spirited little argument over the
matter of granting boxing exhibition per
mits, and for a time it threatened to be
come personal.
Mr. Benjamin's resolution taking the
power of giving these permits out of the
hands of the Mayor and placing it in the
hands of the board was under considera
tion, and was vigorously opposed by Mr.
Dimond, who contended that the board
was not the proper body to grant such per
miiP,'ana that the matter should be placed
in the hands of a committee consisting of
the Mayor, Chief of Police and License
Collector. These officials would be able to
determine if the exhibition was worthy of
a permit and if one should be granted.
The matter was finally referred to the
Health and Police Committee.
The manner in which the Police Court
funds are handled, a matter that has been
under investigation by the Grand Jury for
some time past, was referred to in a com
munication to the board, which was, in
part, as follows:
The report of tlie expert shows that in many
instances the clerks, instead of paying over
each day money collected by them for fines
ami foriei t tires " and also money received as
boil, have kept considerable sums of money in
their possession for days and even weeks at 11
time without turning the same over to the
treasurer or rendeiing any account thereof.
While there does not appear to be any actual
shortage in the accounts of any of the clerks,
yet in holding this money out as they have
clone there is a plain violation of the statute.
The Grand Jury has not yet considered
the criminal phase of this matter, though
the violations of duty and law are numer
ous and manifest.
The telephone franchise asked by the
People's Mutual Telephone Company came
up for consideration, and Supervisor Di
mond moved that it be sent back to the
Judiciary Committee to have a clause in
serted prohibiting the sale of the privilege
by the parties to whom it was sold. This,
he said, would prevent its being made a
means of enriching speculators who might
not intend to carry out the provisions of
the franchise.
fciix ballots on the question of an archi
tect for the new municipal building were
taken without effect and the matter went
over for another week.
STREET IMPROVEMENTS.
Detailed Summary of the City Work
Before the Supervisors.
At tneir meeting yesterday the Supervi- i
sors considered street improvements, a j
complete summary of which is given as :
follows:
AWARDS OF STREET WORK.
Fifteenth and San Bruno crossing— Grading, IB
cents; Warren & Malley. '. - •
Mariposa and Utah crossing— Grading, IBY2 \
cents: S. L. Lent. .
X south and Fourteenth avenue— Grading, 10 i
cents; roadway,- 3 cents: sidewalks, 2 cents; j
curbs. 15 cents: M. C. Hngan.
Twenty-second, Pennsylvania to Indiana— Grad- 1
ing, 20 cents; F. G. Drum.
Iwi niy-sei Mississippi to Pennsylvania —
Grading, 23 cents: (S. L. Lent,
N south. Thirteenth 10 Fourteenth 1 avenues ]
south- Grading 14% cents; roadway, 3 cents;
sidewalk, 2 cents: curbs, 15 cents; M. C. Hogan.
N south. Fourteenth to Fifteenth avenues south j
—Grading, 141/8 cents: roadway, » cents; aide- ;
walk. 1! cents: curbs, 15 cents; M. C. Hogan.
Camp, Guerrero to Albion— Bitumeu, etc. ,lß 6-10 j
cents: John K. Morton.
First avenue and California— Bitumen, 20 cents;
cornerstone sidewalks, $27 60 each; Pacific Pav
ing Company.
Twelfth aim Bernlce — Stone sidewalk corner,
$58: Thomas R. Jeal.
!'. ■■.>•. a Vista, Waller to Thirteenth — 14-Inch |
sewer, 85 cents; manholes, etc, each $30; water
inlet. $50: Filnn iS Treacy.
Ford, Noe 10 Sanchez— B-inch sewer, 60 cents;
manholes, each 835; Joseph G. Harney.
Fifteenth, l'otrero to Utah — 8-inch sewer. 71
cents; manholes, each $29 60; Williams, Belser& I
Co.
Market and Sixteenth crossing— l6-Inch sewer,
$125; 18-Inch sewer, $1 60; Daniel Kelleher. . ■
Chenery, Miguel to rmount — 16-inch sewer,
$1; manholes, each $30: Hum A Treaty.
Cbenery, Mnteo to Mis?uel— l2-inch sewer, 75 j
cents; manholes, each $E0: Fiinn A Treacy.
Chenery, vateo 10 Koanoke— l6-inch sewer, $1; i
manholes, .$-.0; Flinn <fc I reacy.
Chenery and Miguel crossing— l2-inch sewer, 84 |
cents: 14-inch sewer, 93 cents; 16-inch sewer, i
$1 04;.. manholes, each $31; corners, each $81 25; j
easterly comer, if 34 90; Williams, Reiser <fc Co.
Chenery, Roanoke to Castro— l6-inch sawer, $1;
manholes, each $30; Fllnn it Treacy.
Chenery and Mateo crossing— l2-lnch sewer, 70
cents: 14-inch sewer, 80 cents: 16-inch sewer, $1; ',
corners, each $95: south corner, $40: manhole
complete, $30: Flinn A Treacy.
■ Chenery und Koanoke— l4-inch sewer, Bo cents;
16-inch sewer, $1: manhole, $30: corners, each j
?80: southerly corner, #40; FJinn & Treacy.
RESOLUTIONS ORDERING BTREET WORK.
Church, Seventeenth to Eighteenth— lo-inch |
sewer, etc.
Guerrero, Eighteenth to Nineteenth— Stone side
walks.
Devisadero, Jackson to Pacific— sidewalks.
Deviaadero and Jackson— Stone sidewalks.
Twenty-second and Chattanooga— Stone side
wa'ks.
Gough, Filbert to Greenwich— Bitumen.
B, Sixth to Seventh avenue— Grading.
Fifth and Hairison— Stone sidewalk. v , „ :
Fifth avenue, Point Lobos to D— Bitumen
Fifth-avenue crossings— Bitumen.
RESOLUTIONS OF INTENTION TO ORDEB.
Charles, Chenery to Southern Pacific Railway-
Grading, eta.
Caledonia, Fifteenth to Sixteenth— Bitumen.
Eighteenth, Dolores to Church— Bitumen. .
Eighteenth and Church crossing— Bitumen.
Eighteenth, Church to Sanchez— Bitumen.
Eighteenth, r»oe to Sanchez— Bitumen.
Eighteen and Noe crossing— Bitumen.
Y,i!l"jo, Pierce to Scott— Cobbles, granite curbs.
Mission, '1 enth to Eleventh— Stone sidewalks.
Lolores, Twenty-fomth to Army— Plank side
walks. 1
Twenty-fifth, Guerrero to Church— Plank side
walks.
Chattanooga, Twenty-fourth to Jersey— Plank
sidewalks.
Jersey, Dolores to Church— Plank sidewalks.
Twenty-fifth, Florida to York— Plank sidewalks.
Twenty-second and Lolores— Sto..e sidewalks.
Twenty-second, JTair Oaks to Dolores— Stone
sidewalks.
Steiner. Green to Union— Basalt.
. TO LOWER A GRADE.
Sixteenth avenue south and N south, 4 feet.
APPEAL FROM ASSESSMENT.
Berpentine, Lower terrace to Serpentine road-
Sewer, etc.
DIPS REJECTED.
Green and Jones— Bitumen.
LAFAYETTE PARK.
Resolution that no' streets are projected or in
tended to be projected through It.
PERMISSION TO RETAIN CURBS.
Grove, Fillmore to steiner -Artificial stone
curbs.
' ORADES, ETC.
■ Bonita, west of Polk— commendation of
grades referred back to City Surveyor.
Laidley, Fairmount to Castro— City Knsineer au
thorized to make surveys at cost of $285.
Larkin, Luguna, Lombard ai I tie bay, sewer
district— City Engineer authorized to make sur
veys, etc., at cost of $350.
Lacuna, Lombard, Van Ness and the bay, sewer
district— City Engineer authorized to "prepare
plans, etc, at cost of $350.
EXTENSIONS GRANTED.
Scott, Grove to Fulton— Paving, 30 days.
Scott, Hayes to Grove— Paving, 30 days.
.Scott and Grove— Paving, 30 days.
Baker, Beach to Tonquln— Grading. 90 days.
Jefferson, Broderick to Baker— Grading, 90 days.
Clay, Steiner to Scott— Sidewalks, 30 days.
Marfposa. Pennsylvania to Mississippi—Grad
ing, 30 days. ■'■; .
( orbett. Clara to Douglass— Grad 60 days.
Corbelt, Clara to Caselll— Grading, 60 days.
Fourteenth avenue south and P— Grading, 10
days.
Twenty-fourth and Chattanooga— Sidewalks, 10
days.
Twenty-fourth and Sidewalks, 10 days.
CONDITIONAL ACCEPTANCE.
Carlos place, O' Farrell to end— Bitumen.
FINAL ACCEPTANCE. '
Fell, Masonic 10 Ashbury— Bitumen.
Fell, A.shbury to Clayton — Bitumen.
Fifteenth, Valencia to Guerrero— Bitumen.
Grove,' Laguna to Buchanan — Bitumen.
Pago, Hough to Octavia— Bitumen.
Sail Carlos, Eighteenth to Sycamore— Bitumen.
Twenty-second, Church to Chattanooga—Bitu
men.
Fell and Ashbury — Bitumen.
Fell and Clayton crossing— Bitumen.
PERMISSION TO BLAST.
Lombard. K>arny and Montgomery— To Crush
ing, Wetmore it Co.
GRADES LOWERED.
Second avenue and B crossing— 2 feet.
Second ■nil.- and C crossing— 2 feet.
Third avenue and A crossing— l foot. . . • :
Third avenue and B crossing— 4 feet.
Third avenue and C crossing— 1 foot.
Communication*, Etc.
ACCEPTANCES RECOMMENDED BY sttpkrintend
i;nt OF STREETS. '.'
Folsom.Ninth to Tenth— Basalt.
;''. Folsom and Ninth— Basalt.
'.-, Folsom and Eleventh — Basalt.
Folbom and Twelfth— Basalt.
BTREET WORK RECOMMENDED BY SUPERIK
' TENDENT OF STREETS.
Lombard, Van - Ness .to Br denek— Bitumen,
with all necessary granite euros, cesspools, stone
sidewalks, corners, . etc. Also all intermediate
crossings. " • ■:.■■ — •
Twenty-first, Potrero 10 Hampshire — 8-inch
sewer to connect with Hampshire. :••'/., .•
oc.avla, Jackson to Broadway— Stone sidewalks.
Octavia and -Broauway crossing— Stone side
[ walks. •. .-■'■'.. . .; ■ '■ ..
■ Geary, Buchanan to Webster— Stone sidewalks.
Geary, Lacuna to Buchanan— Stone sidewalks. ■
; Buchanan, Geary to — Stone sidewalks. >
I Webster, Sutter to Post— Stone sidewalks. .?-■.
- Union, Scott to Devisadero— stone sidewalks. • -
Eighteenth and Guerrero, southeasterly comer—
stone sidewalks. /„:
Sacramento and Baker, southeasterly corner
stone sidewalks.
Grove and Devlsadero, northwesterly corner
stone sidewalks.
Stanyan, Hayes to Fell— l2-inch «ewer, etc.
stnnyan and Fell— l2-incli sewer, cesspools, etc.,
stone sidewalks, etc.
.-<tan van and le'l intersection — Bitumen.
PASS I) TD RKSOLITTION, OEDKRING.
Howard, Seventeenth to Eighteenth— Stone side
! walks.
! KXTK.VSIONS BKC'IMMKNIIKI) BY SUPKRINTEK
HHNT OF STRKKTS.
I Onondaera and Mission— lnlets, 30 days.
Lombard and l'olk — C'esspo >ls, et:., 3D days.
j Seventh avenue, Point Lobos to B— Grading,
i etc.. 30 days.
| Casselli, Falcon, Danvers— Grading, 30 days.
j Casselli ana Falcon, crossing— Grading, 30 days.
KKCOMMKNI'KD FOR Kfl.l. AWKI'TANX'K.
Folsom, Nituh to Tenth — Basalt,
j Masonic. Waller to 1- r»ilerick— Basalt.
Masonic .'-.ml Waller cros^nr.;— Bitumen.
Foisom and Ninth crossing— Basalt
Folsom and Eleventh crossing— Basalt.
Folsom and Twelfth crossing' — Basalt,
Montgomery and Shotwell— lo-iucU sewer.
PROTKST9.
Chestnut and Polk crossing— Paving.
Cole, Haight and Waller— Paving, etc.
Lombard, Kearny to Montgomery — Blasting.
Lafi-yette square — Against giving portion to
water company.
PETITIONS.
Valencia, Seventeenth to Eighteenth — Stone
I curbing.
Folsom, Ninth to Tenth— For acceptance.
H. Tenth to Meventh avenues— Grading, etc
Montt-zuma and Bhbt well— Lighting.
Monttzuma and ShotweU — Water main and
p!ups.
t'liapultepec, C'oso to Ksmeralda— Grading.
Army, east of Castro— Middle made.
J'resiiMo Heights— -ewer, resuming work.
Nineteenth— Alabama to Florida— -ewer outlet.
Iwrmieih, l>arri»on to Alntama— sewer outlet.
Tenth avenue, 11 to I— Grading.
Fourteenth avenue south to 1' street— Extension
of 10 days.
Twenty-fourth and Chattanooga— Extension of
10 days.
Twenty-fourth and Dolores-Extension of 10
days.
Valencia and Mission— Site for park.
• Buciin Vista Park— From Park Hill Improve
ment Company asklnp $75,000 to improve.
Jackson. Front to Davis— I'lank sidewalks.
Ninth avenue south, JH to M— .Extension of time
on (Trading.
South san Francisco— L«y ing of larger water
mains.
COXTI.N'fANCIS.
Folsom, Third to Ninth— Reducing width of side
walks four feet, laid over for two weeks.
BIOS RKJKC'TKD UXOPKNKO.
Dearborn place, Seventeenth to Eighteenth-
Paving, etc., on motion of Supervisor npreckels.
No necessity for the work.
LOWEST BIDS.
Baker, Jonquin to Lewis— Grading 40 cents
Warren & Mailer.
I Chestnut, Larkin to Polk— Grading 37 cents.
; John Kel.so.
Kallroad avenne, Eighteenth avenue south to
i Twenty- four: h avenue south— Grading 14 3 / i, road
way ;i/ a . sidewalk 1%. curb, 14%. John Keiao.
Kailroad nvenne, 1 wenth-fourth avenue to Thir
! tietti avenue — Grading 14$4< roadway 3'J, sidewalk
! l : s'4,curb 147-h, John Kelso.
Kailroad aye oe. Thirtieth to Thirly-fifth ave
nue south— Grading 12, roadway 25/ 8 , sidewalk
! lVa. r urb 15, M. ('. tfovan.
liailroud avenue, Thirty-fifth avenue to San
: Bruno— Grading VJ. roadway 2%, sidewalk lVa.
| curb 15, M. C. llo.'an.
Caup and Twenty-fifth crossing— Bitumen 18
cents. Pacific Pavina Company.
Church, Eighteenth to Nineteenth— Paving, ba
• salt, i6i/is. curb 68, I'nion Paving and Contracting
j Company.
Doutf.as-!, Seventeenth to Eighteenth— Basalt
16%, curb 6K, I nion Paving and Coutractiug
■ Company.
Kcdy, Gough to Octavia— Bitumen IBV2, curb
■ 69, Union Paving ami Contracting Company.
Fillmore. Pate 10 oak— Bitumen 19Vii. curD 69 >
i Union Paving and Contracting Company.
: Twentv-flrU, Florida to Alabama— Sidewalks,
plniiK, BSU-'o, J. M. Haudley.
; Palmer, i airniouut to Whitney— Sewer 76Vi.
manhole $25, J. M. llandley.
Street Committee Report.
In favor of recommending street work, filed
May 38.
In : favor of communication requesting exten
sions of time on certain contracts for street work,
Hied May 25.
RECOMMENDED FOB ACCEPTANCE.
Fell. Masonic to Ashbury— Bitumen.
Fell, Ashbury to Clayton— Bitumen.
Fifteenth, Valencia to Guerrero— nitumen.
Grove, Laguna to Buchanan— Bitumen.
Page, Gough to Octavia— Bitumen.
San Curios, Eighteenth to Sycamore— Bitumen.
Twenty-second, Church to Chattanooga— Basalt.
Fell and Ashbnry crossing— Bitumen.
I Fell and Clayton crossing— Bitumen.
KKCOMMK.VIIATIOJ.-S OP COMMITTEE.
Carlos place, O'Farrell southerly— Bitumen con
ditional acceptance. Award of contracts to low
est bidders for street work, received May 5, ex
cept for bitumen crossing at Green and Jones,
bids for which are rejected.
chenery. 1-airniounl to Castro— Sewering award
v Of contract to lowest bidder. '
In favor of .Robert Louis Stevenson Memorial
I petition.
Uonita, west from Polk — In favor of referring
> grades back to City Engineer. <
I Stanyan, Frederick to Kisrhteenth— Stone side
walks: In favor of stopping proceedings for six
months.
Pierce, Broadway to Union— Street repairs;' in
favor of stopping work for six months,"
Harrison. Second to Third— Plank street; In
favor of starling work with basalt blocks.
Devisadero, Waller to Haight— Bitumen; in favor
of referring to Superintendent of Streets.
■ ' STREET WORK FAVORED.
Fifth avenue. Point J.obos to D— Bitumen.
Fifth avenue and A, B and C crossings — Bitu
men.
Gough. Filbert to Greenwich— Bitumen.
PETITIONS RF.rORTKD FAVORABLY.
Julian avenue anil Sixteenth — Sewer.
Fourteenth avenue south and P crossing—Grad
ing; ten days' extension. ■•:.: •
Twenty-fourth and Chattanooga— Stone side
walks; ten days' extension.
Twenty-fourth and Do'. ores— Corners: ten days'
extension.
Corbett, Clara to Caaeill — Grading; sixty days'
extension.
Corbett, Clara to Douglass— Grading; sixty days'
extension.
Douglass, Twenty-third to Twenty-fourth—Side
walks. «
Twenty-third, Castro to Dousrlass— Sidewalks.
Elizabeth. Castro to Donjtlass— Sidewalks. .
Berniee. Thirteenth northerly — sidewalks.
Lombard, Kearny to Montgomery— Permission
to blast-
rove, Fillmore to Steiner— Stone curbs.
rage, east Masonic- stone sidewalk.
Fillmore, Vallejo to Green— Nine-foot stone side
walks.
Franklin, Green to bard— Bitumen.
Lombard, Van .Ness westerly— Paving.
H. C and Second avenue— Change of grade.
A, B, C and Third avenue— Change of grade. •
Sixteenth avenue south, >' south— Change of
grade.
PROTESTS REPORTED FAVORABLY.
Jackson, Powell to Mason— Sidewalks.
Fourteenth, Alpine to Broderick— Paving, etc.
COMMUNICATIONS FROM .VEER.
B. C and Second avenue— Change of grades fa
vored.
A, B, C and Third avenue— Change of grades fa
vortd.
I.nrkin. Lombard, Van Ness to the bay— Sewer
district plans $350 favored. .
Laguna, . .Lombard, etc.— Sewer plans $350 fa
vored.
Lindley street, Fairmo'.int to Castro— ln favor of
grades at cost of 9286. :
- PROTESTS REPORTED ADVERSELY.
Fifteenth. Guerrero to Dolores— Bitnmen.
• Chestnut and Lark in— Paving.
Dor*. Harrison to Bryant— Reducing sidewalks.
Brazil avenue. Mission to Paris— Grading.
Polk. Greenwich to Lombard— Grading. •
tjteiner, Turk to Eddy— Sidewalks.
ACCEPTANCE REPORTED ADVERSELY.
Ilaiplit, Steiner to Pierce — Bitumen. Recom
mended by Street Superintendent, roadway not in
good condition.
PETITIONS FILED.
Powell, Broadway to Jackson— Repairing.
Chenery. Fairmount to Castro— Sewering.
Chenery, Fairmount to Castro— Delay on grad
ing, c c.
Cole, Waller to Freder'cn— Stone sidewalk.
Stanyan— To withdraw from protest against stone
sidewalks.
Bernard, Jones to I.#avenworth— For acceptance.
-;. PROTEST PLACED ON FILE.
Lombard, K-earny to Montgomery — Blasting.
; COJOCCNICATIONB FILED.
From Fire Commission, recommending passage
of order to prohibit tearing up more than one block
of ft street at a lime.
From Merchants' Association, regarding George
Elder's report on street sprinkling.
! From Sunsot District owners thanking this board
| for appropriation for establishment of grades and
1 sewer system.
I From James Ilagan, regarding sewer at Wash
ington and Cherry.
APPEAL FROM ASSESSMENT.'
Serpentine place and Lower Terrace— June 8 set
for hearing appeals. _■ .
NEW TO-DAY
PACIFIC REFINING AND ROOFING GO.
153 CROCKER BUILDING.
Coal Tar, Asphalt, Roofing and Paving
Pitch, Roof Paints, Roofing Felt.
Felt, Pitch and Gravel' Roofs as put on by us are
the standarJ roofs for business buildings in the
most progressive cities of the Kastern States. The
quality of our work Is unexcelled anywhere.
D 9,0 COMPOSITION AND
■ ■ « D' GEAVEL ROOFING.
rarniline Taint Co., 116 Battery Street.
PHILIP S. FAY,
Artificial Stonework, Bituminous Paving
'■ '. sidewalks. Driveways, Cellars, Etc
124 BAMBOMK STJKKKT. ROOM 3.
Yard— S. W. Corner Harrison and Eighth Streets.
- . NEW TO-PAY. '■."■■ : i_
GIT'S"
Street Improvement Co.
Rooms 11 & IS, Filth Floor, Mills Building.
• Telephone >iain 5377.
SACRAMENTO OFFICE: 411 J STREET.
H DUTARD "IS 3. W. MCDONALD, Pros
( .'lt STU.NK 2 W. E. DENNISON, Sec
T B. BISHOP 19 COL. J. lI.MKNDKLL.
j'w' MCDONALD It, Corps of Engineers, U.3. A.
K.DKNNISONJO (Retired). ..-.
-'-;.• CON9ULTINII EXni.VKKB.
PKOPRIETOKS CONTRACTORS
Butt Cruz Cal., ' All Kinds of Street
and Work. Bridges and
Kine Cltv, Monterey Co., Railway Construction.
Bimfe .HUES. £^S. " -"
REAL ESTATE INVESTORS
SHOULD HAVE THEIR TITLES INSURED
Before purchasing Property wh,lch does do;
have a perfect title is a bad investment. A
policy of insurance in the
CALIFORNIA TITLE INSURANCE
AM TRUST COWAN
GUARANTEES A PERFECT TITLE.
And secures the purchaser against all lost
* and damages incident to record defects.
The Company lias a paid up cash capital oj
*!>50,000 and a cash reserve fund of ?25.000.
Abstracts Made for the Use of Attorneys.
MONEY LOANKI) on real estate at cur
rent rates.
This Company has the best abstract plail
west of the Rocky Mountains.
OFFICE-MILLS BUiLDINCI-
OFFICERS AND DIRECTORS:
Timothy Hopkins. J. 8. Severance,
N. T. Smith.
A. C. IJassett President
.J. H. Swift Vice-Prcsineiit
F. C. Lewis ....:... Secretary
PACIFIC PAYING COMPANY
(Incorporated 1887),
1 GENERAL STREET CONTRACTORS.
I Santa Cruz and San T.uis Obispo Bitu-
I minous Hock For Sale in Any Quantity.
[ OFFICE- Booms 106 and 108 Fhelan
I Building. Telephone— Main 056.
GRAY BROS.
Concrete and Art Stone Work.
CRUSHED TRAP ROCK
FOR
Macadamizing and Concrete.
OFFICE--316 MONTGOMERY ST.
Telephone Main 5111.
A. E. BUCKMAN,
302 Montgomery Street, Room 4,
GRADING. SEWERING,
MACADAMIZING,
BASALT and BITUMINOUS PAVING.
TUNNEL, RAILROAD
and CONCRETE WORK.
OFFICE TELEPHONE
Main 991.
STABLE, STEIN AND WALLER STS.,
Telephone West 14.
WARREN & MALLEY,
OFFICES:
232 Montgomery St. f AYTR U'TARSI
Telephone, Main 120V5. VV.l lllxlll Vli.\
212 Ninth Street.
Telephone, South 161.
Bay and Laguna -Sts.
• Telephone, West 789.
San Bruno Quarry.
. . Telephone, Mission 200, 4 bells.
CALIFORNIA
ONCRETE *Q-.
OMPANY.
Artificial Stone Pavements, Foundations,
Cellar Floors, Steps, Garden Walks and Orna-
mental Work. . _^
14 POST ST. Telephone Main 110.
GUSHING-WETMORE
COMPANY.
CONCRETE AND ARTIFICIAL STONE.
FIRST QUALITY ONLY.
508 CALIFORNIA ST., ROOM 9.
JOHN TUTTLE,
CONTRACTOR, ,
Telephone West 583. 516 Halght St
ENSIGN & McGUFFICK,
LUBRICATING OILS,
Paints, Varnishes, Nevada Compound, eta
23 SPEAK ST. Telephone 6320.
D £ D BUILDING
r. « P. PAPER. . .
SOLD BY ALL DEALERS.
GEORGE GOODMAN,
■ PATENTEE AND MANUFACTURER OF
ARTIFICIAL STONE
IN ALL ITS BRANCHES.
OFFICE--307 MONTGOMERY ST.
NEVADA BLOCK.
FLINN & TFEACY.
ART -- STONE -- SIDEWALKS AND
STREET PAVEMENTS.
301 JMOJSTTq-OIMIEiR/Y ST.
FIRE PROOFING ?Atf PISB^ftW
ROMAN BRICK GL ADDING, McBEAN CO. ■
HUMAN DltlLn l3Sa -1360 MARKET ST.
C. R. EAGER, E. P. GRAY
President. • Secretary.
California
Construction
Company,
CONTRACTORS FOR
Street Work, Railroads, Team in ,
Macadam and Concrete Rock.
Granite Curbing, Cement, Gravel, Etc.
Office— 4o4 Seventeenth Street. I'.arns— s3.-! and
535 Seventeenth Street. Telephone Mission 188.
President and Secretary's (JlHce— 6s9 Market
Street, Room 12. . Telephone Main 5780. ,
Sign Painting Taught.
415 Market St.
EVENING CLASSES.
For Particulars call or address M
NICHOLSON.
N. CLARK & SONS,
MANUFACTURERS AND DEALERS IN "
SE"\7t7 r :EJ=L PIPE.
Tel. Main 771. Oflice-1 7 and 19 Spear St.BUENO POORLY BIDDEN,
Coady's Bungling Work Allowed
Fullerton Lass to Beat the
Black Horse.
FAVORITES WERE ALL BEATEN
Peru Once More Proved a Surprise.
Yankee Doodle Downed Some
Fast Company.
Jockey Coady as he advances in years
should become a great scientist. It devolves
upon him to solve the problem that has
sent so many inventors to a premature
grave— perpetual motion. A2to 5 chance
in the hands of the Lone stable's light
weight is like clay in the hands of the
sculptor. The little old man of the sea
had the mount on the prohibitive favorite
Bueno in the last race at Inglesiue yester
day, and on lorm and class it looked as
though there might be a chance to oeat
hini if he happened to fall down. So ex
tremely confident was Coady in the black
horse's prowess that he let each one in
turn of the other six starters cut him off,
and struck the stretch last of the bunch,
■lie then began riding, and reached the
judges just a head behind the 15 to 1 shot,
imp. Fullerton Lass. The ride could
hardly be called a masterly exhibition of
horsemanship, but if 4 pleased the El Pri
mero stable's trainer, Coady will un
doubtedly do all of the riding for that
stable in future.
Outside of this one little startling inc>
dent the sport was good. The new jockey
club staned in the week with a splendid
racing card, and the attendance was above
the average. A strona wind swept the
course, which seemed to seriously retard
the advance of the favored ones in the
betting toward the winning goal, for a soli
tary favorite failed to have his number
rung up. However, very few of the win
ners lacked substantial backing.
The Southern California horse Peru, who
persi-ts in winning on most inopportune
occasions in defiance of all the rules of turf
etiquette, again gave the talent a severe
body blow by capturing the mile selling
event, backed down from 19 to 4to 1. He
passed the gray Paros swinging around
the bend for home, and under punishment
yon by half a length in 1:44. From the
Dress-stand it looked as though the 4to 5
favorite, Re}' del Bandidos, finished in the
place, but Paros was given tne verdict.
Tho Floodmore stable's Elmer F proved
the warm one in the opening seven-fur
long run with seven starters. Going to
the post 4]4 to 1 he headed his company
when weii into the stretch, and won
cleverly at the wire. Favory, the Bto •"»
favorite, took the place from Seaside driv
ing. Tar and Tartar, who was backed
down from fours, at one time ruling first
choice, quit badly after showing speed
for some distance.
Seven eood three-year-olds started in the
second race at six furlongs, all with weight
up. In the opening betting Yankee Doodle,
Summer Time and Bainart all opened at
11 to 5. Tlie play on Yankee Doodle was
such a strong one that he closed at 11 to
10 and even money, with no change in
Ruinart's odds. The stable money did not
so in on Summer Time, and she receded
to 1. One of the outsiders of the party
Peixotto, came very near proving a sur
prise. Running ihrough the bunch and
opening up a gap of four lengths of day
light at the start, he maintained most of
this advantage until opposite the pad
dock, when the favorite overtook him, and
ridden out won by half a length in 1:15',,.
Kuinart came well in the stretch, finishing
a good third.
The Cambridge stable's filly Modestia
opened a 7 to 5 choice for the two-year-old
event over four and one-half furlongs, but
evidently not ready, for she receded
■ to 1. Quantrell carried the bulk of
the big coin bet, His odds beine plugged
down from twos to 7 to 5. The select
inner circie, though, placed their shekels
us Widow Jones, cutting her price from 5
 and leading the entire route, the
Widow headed the favorite out at the wire
three length* in 57 seconds — a very ordi
nary performance.
The 11 to 5 favorite Two Cheers in the
fifth race, a seven-furlong selling affair
with a field of fifteen going to the post,
was unfortunate in getting away from the
"THE CALL" RACING CHART.
pacific Coast Jockey Club. Eighty-eighth day. Monday, June 1, i 896. Weather fine.
'Track good.
post poorly and was unplaced at the end.
The winner turned up in George Rose,
who was backed down from 6 to 1 to 13 to
5, and headed Howard out in clever fash
ion. Free Will finished in the show.
TRACK AND PADDOCK ITEMS.
"St. Louis day" on Wednesday promises
to be a great success. The programme will
be one of the best yet offered at the meet
ing, and the management expect to
realize a big sum to send the sufferers of
the stricken city. Cahfornians are noted
for their liberality when aid is needed,
and they cannot fail to respond liberally
on this occasion.
For a horse that made such a good show
ing on Saturday, the performance of
Leonville yesterday was a most depressing
one for his supporters.
Running horses short of work is looked
upon by the majority of California trainers
as perfectly legitimate, regardless of the
thousnndsof dollars of the general racing
public's money that goes up in smoke.
Sucli was the predicament that engulfed
the backers of the Cambridge stable Mo
destia, a starter in the two-year-old event
yesterday. The filly had been turned out
at pasturage for some time, yet was started
with the stable jockey up, and on post
performances was rightly made favorite.
Of course Coady rode her to win,
but such a thing under the existine
conditions was an impossibility. The pub
lic naturally suppose that when a filly of
her caliber is started, she is in fit condition
to race, and bet their coin accordingly.
When a trainer knowingly starts a horse
that beyond a doubt figures on past lorm
to be a favorite unfit for a bruising battle,
he is as criminally guilty as the jockey that
pulls a horse, and racing ofiicials should
see that he is punished accordingly.
The Photo Mount and Curd Manufactur
ing Company of this City have some ex
cellent pictures tafcen of the old Bay Dis
trict tract on the closing day, for which
the turf department of this paper is in
debted for a copy.
THE CARNIVAL MANAGERS
Organization Is Completed and
Affairs Put Into Working
Condition.
Prominent Citizejis to Be Appointed
to Draft a Programme for
the Fiesta.
The executive committee of the carnival
committee met in the Mills buildine yes
terday afternoon. The entire session was
devoted to a discussion of the report of
the committee on rules and by-iaws.
It was finally decided to be unnecessary
tv lay down any cast-iron rules by which
to guide the conduct of the committee and
its affair?, and the following sub-commit
tees were appointed, their duties to be as
indicated by the names of the committees:
Committees on auditing, police and
streets, music, judges and award of prizes,
press, printing, invitation?, reception, pub- i
he halls and places of amusement, badge?, j
regalia and carnival colors, hotels and ac- |
commodation?, transportation, street rail- !
ways and carriages, literary exercises, con
cessions, pyrotechnics andathletics.
The committee on illumination of streets
and buildings was increased to fifteen
members and intrusted with the wort of
the decorating committee.
It waa decided that nine members must
be present to make a quorum. Regular
meetings will be held on Monday after
noons at 4 p. m. The Union Trust Com
pany was appointed treasurer of the com
mittee.
The chairman of the executive commit
tee was authorized to appoint a sub-com
mittee of five citizens of San Francisco to
draft a programme for carnival week. He
will present the names at tho meeting on
next Monday afternoon.
T. F. Caldweil, ex-assistant secretary oC
the World's Fair, was the final speaker.
He made a number of timely remarks and
suggestions.
« ♦ — «
Hunters and Athletes.
The Sportsmen's Protective Association will
meet this evening at K. of R. B. Hall, corner
of Mason ami O'Farrell streets, and as manors
coneerniriK suits that are pending against
some of the club members who had been ac
cused of trespassing ori preserves will come
up, a Inrge attendance is exj>ected.
The Manhattan Athletic Clubwill give a box
ing entertainment on the evening of June 8,
at its ciubrooms, 1749 Mission street. An ex
cellent programme is being arranged.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JUKE 2, 1896.
Miss Effie Shannon, a Member of the Stock Company That is doming to the
California Theater.
OLYMPIC RESERVOIR DAMAGED.
Part of the Cement Wall Caved in Sun
day Night.
When Caleb Coakley went to the Olym
pic Salt Water Company's reservoir at
Geary and Josephine streets yesterday
morning to report the depth of water to
the Lurline baths he saw that a section of
the liorth side of the reservoir, about
40x25 fpet in dimensions, had caved in
and slid partially down into the wuter dur
ing the night. The wa.er had been allowed
to go down during we night, and the re
moval of the pressure of the water is
thought to have caused the damage.
The reservoir is 400 feel square on top,
142 feet square on the bottom and 25 feet
deep. Tne sides are overlaid with a coat
ing of cement about four inches thick.
"THE CALL'S" RACING GUIDE.
To-Pey"s Entries at Pacific Coast Jockey Club's Ingleside Track.
In races whore the horses have no record st the distance to be run the records at the next nearest
distance are given.
Aobreviatlons— F., fust: Fa., fair: H., heavy; m., mile; f., furlong; *, about.
This was put on about four years ago. It
is claimed that had there been more
cement in the concrete it would not have
caved in. There was eight feet of water in
the reservoir yesterday.
Chief Engineer Charles Dick of the
baths and superintendent of pipe lines for
the Olympic Salt Water Conirany in
spected" the cave-in yesterday afternoon.
The work of repairing it will begin to-day.
The damage is estimated at between
and $700.
Says It Was the- Rrakeiuan.
The Southern Pacific hai answered the suit
of Ernest H. Font for $10,(H>0 damages for be
ing put off the train at Sixteenth street, Oak
land. The answer alleges that it was the
tirak"rmin who jmi the man off, and h«> was
not authorized to do so, consequently the com
pany does not feel responsible.
AT THE CITY THEATERS,
The Frawleys' Reception — Ada
Rehan as Viola in
"Twelfth Night."
A Gooi Bill of Comedy at the Or
pheum—" The Soudan" at
Morosco's.
The Columbia Theater was filled to its
doors last night to welcome back the
Frawley Company. At the end of the
third act of the play there were several j
curtain-calls and Daniel Frawley constru- j
ing the applause into a demand for a !
speech appeared before tho curtain and i
stated how heartily he and his troupe ap
preciated the warm welcome. He re- i
gretted that the cast had not made it pos
sible to put more old members of the com
pany into the piece, but accepted tho wel- |
come in their name. Frawlev concluded |
by stating that he had just engaged Wilton
Lackaye.
It was true that there were not many old
members of the troupe in the cast last
night; the play rather served to introduce
the new members to the public. It was j
"The Two Escutcheons," a comedy
adapted from the German of Blumenthal |
and Kadelsburg by Sydney Ro3enfeld, and
it afforded good opportunities to several
of the new people, particularly to some of j
the men. In Harry Carson Clarke the j
company has secured an excellent char
acter actor. Frank Worthing played a
lover's part with a good deal of cleverness
ana Tyrone Power was good as the heavy j
father.
Maxima Elliott's beauty has not been
exaggerated, she wouid be picked out from
among a bevy of professional beauties for
her handsome lace and form, but there is
not the least fear that she will eclipse Ada
Rehan as an actress; bui Miss Elliott is
not lacking in histrionic abilities; she
played the part of a young American
widow dashingly and with a good deal of
fun and savoir faire. There was absolute
ly no suggestion of tenderness or emotional
powers, but her part called for very little j
of that sort of sentiment. In the love
scenes she was attractive and magnetic, |
but to compare t. is handsome young
woman, as an actress, to Ada Kehan.as did |
many enthusiasts last evening, is absurd, j
Compared to such a standard her ailing
would seem spasmodic and her powers of
by-play nil.
Tne piay, "The Two Escutcheons," is a
case of too much father-in-law. There .
were two of them, a Chicago pork-packer •.
and an juistocratie unconsciously comic j
German Baron, who lived only to gloat. \
over his ancestors and to spurn sell-made ■
men. The snobbishness of the Baron far
exceeded in vulgarity any of the solecisms
committed by the pork- packer, and most
of the scenes between ttieni were broad
farce comedy, though it is possible thai,
the authors did not intend them to be ■
viewed in that light. The Baron refua a
to condone the Chicago business on ac- j
count ofits magnitude. "A sausage is aj
sausage, magnify it as you will," he cries ;
in despairing agony at U;e idea oi his son's
father-in-law being a "butcuer," for a
butcher he insists on calling the pork
packer.
Needless to say these fathers-in-law ren
der the young people intensely miserable,
but everything enda happily after a tcene
in which aii::obt all the dramatis persona: ;
resolve on flight to escape the friction !
around tliem and arrange to go by the same
midnight train.
As the pork-packer Harry Carson Clarke-was
one of the features ot the production, Ins
make-r.p and aciing both befug excellent.
Prank northing n> mi impecunious young
(ieriiiau officer in search of an American heir
ess was also sprightly and made love t;> M«.\
ime Elliott well. Tyrone Tower did wonders
in trying to cuiviiuc the audience that the
Baron was ajjeutieman.
Datm-i Krawley was himself ss Rudolph his
son. Whatever" part lie act* Mr. Frawley
always is himself. Gertrude Kliiott acted tlie
part "oi the pork-packer's daughter prettily.
v ..-- Pbosa McAllister was sympathetic as the
baroness. The minor parts were well sus
tained Mini the play went easily and smoothly.
The scene of ' The i'wo Escutcheons" is lsid
in Germany, but it might be anywhere, for
there is no local coloring. Tue pun, in spite
01 its Bimsiness, is not uninteresting and the
dialogue is bright and sparkling.
r..-ti<i win Theater.
Ada Rehan has been appearing lately in so
many parts which do not show her true raet-
tie that it was an added treat to see her as
Viola in "Twelfth Night" last night. It is a
difficult role, one Hint like most Shakespear
ean parts, requires finished byplay, and in
this, as in all the shades of emotion
demanded ol the travestied page, Miss Kenan
was thoroughly in her element. She showed
her woman's heart beneath her brave boy's
trappings, and bhoweu it to sweetly and
modest iy and in such a lovesick way withal
that it is impossible to describe her" as any
thing but an ideal Viola.
Actresses of less depth and intelligence than
Miss Kelian are apt to make Viola little better
ihiiii a pert boy. Even Ellen Terry, who
played tne role very charmingly when her
brother, Fred Terry, acu'd Sebastian, even
Terry lacked Aaa Kehan's depth and beenied
flippant by comparison. Particularly in the
famous "She never told her love" scene was
Ada Rohan tender, natural and oovincing,
though she was also excellent in her scenes
with Olivin.
George Clark was a good Malvolio, though
he erred on the side of restlessness, .hunes
lewis and Herbert Gresham acted the parts of
Sir Toby and Sir Andrew satisfactorily, and
their round with the clown whs a clever piece
Of singing and acting. Miss Sibyl Carlisle
looked very handsome as Olivia, and Miss
Beile Daroy made a sprightly Maria. John
Craig was h good Orsino, and the rest of the
cast was up to the Paly standard.
"Twelfth Night" was particularly well
staged. The tlo-.vering shrubs in the garden
scene added greatly to its effectiveness.
Grand Opera-House.
Last night "The h-'oudnn," the we'.l-known
English spectacular melodrama in seven acts,
was put on at Moroseo's Grand Opera-House.
It was also the occasion of the reappearance
of Leslie Morowtb after six months' absence.
The popular young man'a entrance on the stage
brought out the applause of the house.
It is a strong play and well cast, DarrellVin
ton taking the part of Captain Temple and
Fred J. Butler that of Solicitor Matthew
Hawker. Miss Le=lie Lisle as Nellie Temple
sustained the character well, and Miss Marie
1 1 out* hs the false and scheming friend carried
through her difficult, role perfectly. Madly
jealous of the young wife she brings about the
separation between the couple upon which
the story hangs. The scenes of the lights be
tween the British troops and the Arabs on the
Soudan is well staged. The play will continue
the rest of the week.
At the Orphenm,
The Orphcum has an excellent bill on for
this week, and the public is returning the
compliment by filling the house nightly.
I'apintfl, who began her first week under such
favorable auspices, is still one of the star at
tractions. Meers Brothers are first-class artists
on the slack wire, in iact, far better than tne
average.
Dixon, Powers and Dixon, as the three
Rubes, are a trio of side-splitting, funny men,
and their baseball match as hayseeds is
comedy pure and simple. Harry Le Clail and
Edward Leslie are an exceedingly humorous
Trilby and Svenprall "up to date." Tho rest of
the bill arc: McAvoy and May, burlesque
dancers; Lizzie 15. Raymond, vocalist, and
Fields and Lewis, parod.sts.
To-night Hayes and Post, the well-known
grotesque comedians, will make make their
first appearanc. Altogether the Orpheum is
glYtng a good entertainment.
Tivoli Opera-Honse.
The favorite comic opera of "Olivette" was
put on for the week lust night at the Tivoli to
a good house. It is an old niece, but in the
hands of Ferris Hartman, Arthur Boyce, John
Raffael, Josephine Gassiuau. Carrie Koma aud
Anna Sehnabel it is new again. The costumes
are attractive and the voices excellent.
A new waltz, "The Fnrvley 'Waltz," com
posed by Kua;ene Schmitz, tne conductor of the
i olumbia Theater, was played for the first
time last night. It is an attractive composi
tion, with a Mowing melody and a good rhyth
mit; swing.
The Fiji Islands boast of five regnlar
newspapers, four of which are printed in
English, and one — Na Mata — in the veriiac
uiar of the natives.
NEW TO-DAY. J
pHiuolLPiliTca
I STAMPED ON A SHOE
MEANS STANDARD OP MERIT.
" $1.00 I ' ' A
DONT THAT FENCE HURT
Your trade ?— ls a question we are asked every
day. and our answer is:' Mrnapa it doc», but you
see we are offering such bargains, and civln? such
inducements to our customers that they are more
than pleased to walk around the ' Obstruction, and
In consequence our business is more than holding
its own. We recognize the fact that wo must sell
cheap if we wish to do business and we are selling
Shoe* and Oxfords cheaper than they were ever
offered before in this city. This week we are sell-
in? Ladles' Kusset Oxfords, with Pointed Toes and
Tips and Hand-turned Soles, for SI. OO. We have '■
them in C, i) and X widths.
We have a solid wearing rf^T /'"""N/"""^
line of JStisies' Dongoja m 1 , I J\. J
Kid Button Shoes, with' T^j F»-*k-^_
Patent Leather Tips and \^}"l
Spring Heels, which we 15 /
will sell lor :Sl.oi> per I "S J
•pair. They fit well, wear I ~t) 4
well, and are well worth Jv '^ X
much more than we are f ST" \
asking lor : them. We >^>|J^ 1
carry them D and X wide. _ *4xts«Z» ■ m j
A3" Country orders solicited.
K.fj- .Send for New Illustrated Catalogue
Address
B. KATCHINSKI,
PHILADELPHIA SHOE CO.,
10 Third Street, Sail Francisco.
V\i r ARK J iln i
I I f „. I
% I /l!!deaWba>?e is
V^^ d complete atocK of
Vfc^ all sizes and styles ==
o[£z4/voj/?/?6b\rts.M
. > |§| 4sk [or them. Look 0 •
lg for Trade MarK*-~ 3
\Li"nnnimjiiiiiJiUHi[iiii)iuijd3^»r
V"* * ** _
\> "Judgment!!" * 4 '
1 • , • )
h The umpire now decides that 1
r "BATTLE AX" is not only J
l. decidedly bigger in size than any .1
t other 0 cent piece of tobacco, but the ,
C quality is the finest he ever saw, and ;) j .
(- the flavor delicious* Yqii will never -J!
0 know just how good it is until '1
[ you try it. •!'
IF YOU ACHE
OR GET HURT
TRY MITCHELL'S MAGIC LOTION.
Harmless, Clean, Easy to Use, Always Quickly Relieves
ALL PAIN!
IISiS MANHOOD RESTOREDSS
Tv* < m ; Pf ■£■» ■<«* St tlon 01 a famous French physician, will quickly cure you of all ner-
\\V jcA ) \<\ •"• \T voua or diseases of the generative orpang, such as Lost Manhood,
>l £Ht.l V. ./*l\ Insomnia-Pains in the JJacK, Seminal Emissions. Nervons Debility.
V m^L \ WW' Pimples, Unfltnesr. to Marry, Kxhaustins Drains, Varicorele end
NT r V -/ Constipation. It stops all losses by day or night ■ Prevents quick.
>—^ nessol discharge, which if not checked leads to Spermatorrhoea and
BEFORE! awn AFTER all the horrors of Impotency. «:UPII>Ef«E cleanses the Uver, thf
DLruHUNDfthTtK kidneys and the urinary organs of all impurities.
•' CUPIDESE strengthens and restores small weak organs.
The reason nuflerer: are not cured by Doctors is because ninety per cent are troubled with
Proßtaflti*. crPlDEXEistheonly kno»?n remedy to cure without an ration. 5000 test
nls. A written pun rnntco given and money returned if six boxes does not effect a permanent cur&
|1.00 a box, six for $5.00, by; mail. Send for free circular and testimonials. ■
Address DATOL MEDICINE CO., 1170 Market street, San Francisco, Cal. Forsaleby
iiKOOKS' I'II AKiIACY, 119 PoweU street
NEW TO-DAY.
BAZAAR
TOP 9"
NOTCH- Mr
ERS. In- i
ERSI I Bicycles
$85^
$10 DOWN AND
$2 PER WEEK.
Absolutely high grade. Made In all
height of frames for
LADIES OR GENTS.
A FEW '95's
LEFT AT
$60.^
SAME CONDITIONS AS ABOVE.
1
NOTARY PUBLIC.
I pHARLES H. PHILLIPS, ATTORXEY-AT-
: V law and Notary Public, 633 Market St., oppo-
■ •lie Palace Hotel. Telephone 570. Kejlden.ee l&M
j Kellit. Telephone. "Pine." 2591.
910
FLORENCE READY'S
ASSAILANT CAUGHT,
Wesley Lewis Is Neatly
Taken In by Detect
ive Cody.
CAPTURED IN A CLOSET.
The Fiend's Young Victim Tells
a Pitiful Story of the
Wrong Done Her.
THREATENED WITH A KNIFE.
Second Assault and Probably Murder
Prevented by the Timely Ap
pearance of Mr. Foy.
Six hours after the publication in yester- I
day's Cali- of Wesley T. Lewis' cowardly !
assault on an innocent young girl the man '
was behind the bars of the Centrai police j
station. He was sullen, even defiant, re- j
fusing positively to talk of his crime.
It is probably well, temporarily at least,
that he was not captured earlier. Sunday j
afternoon Herbert Ready, a brother of the
young girl, made a visit to Oakland. He j
had heard that Lewi? was in hiding in a '
certain hotel in that city.
Ready was not alone, however. In dif
ferent parts of the boat some fifty of his ■
triends were scattered, and v.hen The O;ik
laod side was reached they boarded the
( >»kland train in twos and threes finally
gathering at tne hotel as if by accident.
A Thorough search of the hotel was then
made, but Lewis was Dot to be found.
The suy>position is that h-i got wind of the
unwelcome coming of his visitors, and
changed quarters. It is f afe to assume, |
however, that if he had been caaght the ;
(,'uy and County of San Francisco would
have been saved an expensive trial.
There are these who think that Lewis
fully intended to murder the srirl and was
only prevented by the opportune appear
ance of Mr. Foy. The liveryman. The
scene of the first assault was not the spot
for a murder. There was no place to hide
the body.
Under some pretext he induced the
child to acain enter the bugcy. She was
solemnly promised an immediate escort
home. When near Merced Luke, however,
Lewis pulled up his horse abruptly. He
drew a long, keen knife and asked the
girl to help him cut Bowers.
The bright blade was reflected in the
cold, elittein^ waters below, and in tnat
very Brightness Florence seemed to read
her death warrant. With a shriek she
sprang up and over the dashboard. She
wa? none too soon. Lewis made a lun^e
forward, the keen point of the knife catch
ing his intended victim's dress just bacfc of
the shoulder, ripping it down to beyond
the waist.
What might have followed will never
probably be known, as Foy appeared on
ihc scene at that instant, thus probably
saving the girl's life.
When the story was read in The Call at
police headquarters yesterday morning
Captain Lees gave peremptory instruc-
MISS FLORENCE READY.
tions to his staff that Lewis must be found
without further delay.
To Detective Cody and Policeman J. S.
Adams is due the credit of Lew's' capture
a couple of hours later, and when tney
reached police headquarters with their
prisoner both officers were complimented
by Cnief Crowley and Captain Lees,
Lewis and his wife had been living at 407
Octavia sireet, but on Thursday last the
lsirniture in t lie house was removed to 129
fair Oaks street. Mrs. Lewi^ took posses
ion of the house, wi:ile Lewi? went to
Oakland, where ho remained in hiding.
The house on Fair Oaks street was watched
day and night, but no one was seen to
leave or enter. To carry out the decep
tion that the house was not occupied tiie
sign "to Jet' 1 was kept on the wall.
Yesterday morning about 10:.'i0 o'clock
Detective Cody and Policeman Adams
went to the Fair Oak.—s reet house
and forced an entrance. Thpy found
Lewis concealed in one of the closets and
at once placed him under ar:est. He liad
crossed over from Oakland after seeing the
story in The Call to make arrangements
for secretly leaving the City, tout his in
tentions wre balked.
The girl Florence Ready .was immedi
ritely sont for, and accompanied by her
mother went to police headquarter? to
identity Lewis. They had an instinctive
dread of facing him and preferred to wait
till the girl's brother, Herbert Ready,
could be sent for. He arrived about 2
o'clock, and as lie ha I threatened to take
the law into his own hands the officers
kept a careful watch upon him.
The mother, daughter and son, accom
panied by the two officers, went io the
City Prison. Lewis was placed alongside
three other prisoners, and the girl at once
pointed him out as her assailant. Herbert
Ready, who was laboring under strong ex
citement, sprang forward as if to grapple
with t lie man, but he was restrained by
Cody and Adams from doing personal vio
lence.
Afterward the girl swore to a complaint
before Judge Con Jan, charging Lewis with
Wesley Lewis, Accused by Little Florence Ready of a Heinous Crime, and Now
Inder Arrest.
criminal assault, and last night the war
rant was served upon him in the prison,
and he was booked on the charge. He de
clined positively to make any statement
and scowled malignantly at his ques
tioners.
Florence Ready's statement is as follows:
1 first became acquainted with this man
Lewis about nine months since. It is cus
tomary at the Epwortfa League for all to shako
bauds' with each other. In ihis manner I be
came ncquainted with Lewis.
1 never went to any place with him alone,
not e»en to walk unon the streets. He never
exercised any undue familiarity with me in
reference to conversations ot led me to think
he thought any different of me than any other
of the members. Dp to Monday night we had ■
only been on speaking terms.
On Monday evening Lewi" came to tbe Lin
coln School' about 7 o'clock. He said tome
that he bad been waiting for me about fifteen
minutes and had asked Mis. Deal for me. He!
told me ttiat Mrs. Cai>tain (ioodull was very
sick and that she wanted me to come to her
at once. He tout me that not having found me
at the school when he first came, that he had
driven out to my mother's house and seen her
and that my mother sent word back with him
for me not to lose a moment, but to go at once.
Upon that assurance I went with him, rirst
getting excused from school by Mrs. Deal in
presence of Kiss Kate Crowley.
After geitiiiK in the buggy he told me that
Mrs. Goodall was id M»>nlo Park, i atked him
"Wbere is Men'.o Park?" and he replied, "a lit
-1 j.le beyond San Mateo." After driving through
Several streets and getting into the park, I
asked him why we were going that way, and
: he said the road out the Mission was too rough,
and by going this way we would save at least
; fifteen <ninutes.
From Strawberry Hill we went out by the
I Aim-house, afterward passed the Ingleside on
! down the roaa to the beach, turning to the left
■ hand on the beach, driving about half or three
quarters of a mile to where two large sand hills
are. He said to me then that we would have
■ to walk up the hill, and we got out of the
' buegy.
Miss Ready then went on to describe the
! assault upon her. She screamed for help,
but in such a lonely place no help came.
On their return to the City, when they got
halfway to the Ingleside, he stopped
I the horse and again attempted to assault
her.
"Just then," she continued, "two bug
-1 gies drove up behind us and he jumped
j into the buggy, caught up the lines, started
up the horse and as be did so I jumped
out of the buggy, ran toward the others,
asking them to take me home. I explained
to them what had occurred and Mr. Foy,
one of the penllemen, brought me home
to 330 Hickory avenue.
"At the school, before starting, I wanted
to go home to get a wrap, but he objected
as he had a heavy rur that he said Cap
tain Goodall iiad sent for the purpose."
This is not the first time iliat Lewis has
been in a similar scrape. On January 9,
1892, he was sentenced to sixty days in
the County Jail for an attempt to crimin
ally assault his sister-in-law.
ASHBURY HEIGHTS CLUB.
Encouraging Reports of Committees at
the Meeting Last Night.
A short but-enthusiastic meeting of the
Ashbury Height? Club was held at F. W.
Lang's residence, 121 Carl street, last night.
A unanimous vote of thanks was ex
tended to Hermann Schussler for the
"expeditious manner in which the superb
water facilities had been furnished the
Ashbury Heights district by the Spring
Valley Water Company."
"We now have no further need of fire
engines," remarked Mr. Fritz. "W T e have
two fire-hydrants at each corner and a
pressure of 120 feet."
Tne same .sentiment was voiced by the
other members of the club present.
Messrs. Lang, Cranson and Fritz, the
committee on the Buena Vista Park, re
ported progress, and the action now pend
ing against the railway company's fran
chises on Carl, Fredericks and Waller
streets, was reported as being vigorously
pushed by the legal representatives of the
club.
Tne several committees of the cmb are
hard at work, as the many improvements
under way on the heignts will attest.
An important meeting of the executive
committee will be held next week.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JUNE 2, 1896.
HOWS AMONG THE FRENCH
Caused by the Recent Publication
Regarding Dr. C. B.
Brigham.
That Physician Deprecates the Com
mittee's Action, but Says He
Must Strike Back.
The affairs of La Societe Francaise de ;
1 Bionfaisance MutuelJe, stirred up on !
Washington's birthday, when Superinten
i dent Jules Wolff forgot to fly the .Ameri
can flag, are greatly in need of some de
; cisive action to settle them.
When the physicians to assume charge
1 of the French Hospital were chosen Drs.
De Marville and Aleyer won the day by an
almost unanimous vote. At the same
\ meetinp President Weill, who was advo
cating the appointment of Drs. C. B.
Brigham and Boyd, resigned because of
their defeat. Immediately ten of the
. committeemen followed Mr. Weill's exam
ple and resigned also. It was their act of
\ electing De Marville which caused Mr.
: Weili to resign and as an amende nonor
'■ able they deemed it advisable to also re
-1 si^n, claiming that they had cast their
I ballot in haste and without thought of the
i consequences.
Since that time six men who resigned
withdrew their resignations and are again
on the committee, and, Sunday last, there
! was a big verbal battle at the general
j meeting of t.'ie committee on the proposi
i tion of wiping out the candidates placed
; in nomination to fill the vacancies and to
| postpone the nominations.
But, worse than all, an address signed
by the nine committeemen in power ap-
I peared in Le Franco-Californienof Sunday
j heaping abuse on Dr. C. B. Brigham as
justification for their action in defeating
him. The address, translated, appeared
yesterday morning in Thk Call. It re
cites how Dr. Brigham, as surgeon-in
chief, was persona non grata not only with
Superintendent Wolff of the French Hos
pital but that he was antagonistic 10 every
one about the place — doctors, nurses and
the executive committee itself.
Furthermore, Dr. Brigham is accused of
working against the Interests of the hos
pital, and of doing many petty things
which are so little in accord with the j
standing he has in this community that
they are startling.
"Those accusations,'' said Dr. Brigham
yesterday, when interviewed, "are posi
"tive falsehoods in the main. Still, I do
not wish to specify in detail where the un- j
truths are, because tnis is a controversy
into which Ido not propose to enter. The j
: superintendent; yes, his name is Wolff, is
i unprincipled, and he is not worth linger-
I ing upon. In time he will work his pres-
I ence to the surface, and then the socie
taires wili understand him better.
"As to my addressing my fellows m the
j medical fraternity, teiane them that they
; must fu:nisb their own instruments in
■ case they desired to operate at the hos
j pita!, I can only say this: The committee
men who worded the published address
I have made a grave faux pas. My advice
to my confrere^ was dictated by the best
feeling. Twenty-one years aero I first be
came attnehed to the French Hospital. At
that time we sent to Europe for|looo worth
of instruments. Four years later I quit 1
the hospital, and excepting occasionally I
have not been there at all. Well, through
neglect and thelt, the instruments have i
gone wrong or have disappeared, and there !
are not $0 worth of tue original lot remain- j
ing. Certainly, additions nave been made, I
but they are not such as they should be, j
and any reputable surgeon would not be
content to operate on a patient in the
French Hospital with the instruments
there. Hence, my advice to all physicians
to bring their own paraphernalia.
"In the address irom this committee of
nine I am accused of instigating the es
trangement of Dr. Meyer because his earn
ings as compared to mine for the benent of
the hospital would be painful to me. All
I have to say is, that the committee pre
ceding this one removed Dr. Meyer. The
committee believed Dr. Meyer had not
1 done what was the proper thing and he
, was notified that his patients would no
longer be accepted.
"But I do not wish to go more into de-
I tail. The trouble is bad enough and I re
. gret that such a mistake has been made as
!to bruit the dissatisfaction that exists. I
hope nothing more serious will come out
of this whole affair."
JAPANESE METHODISTS.
I Cloning Bxerci«e» of the Clans at the
Church on Pine Street.
The closing exercises of the Japanese
i Mission night school were held last even-
I ing at the pretty little Methodist Church
i at 1329 Pine street.
There were about 150 of 'the little brown j
men and women present, all dressed in
American-made clothing, with a good
I sprinkling of San Francisco ladies.
The exercises opened with a prayer by
i the Rev. Dr. Thomas Filben of trie First
! Methodist Ghurcd. Then the following
! programme was faithfully carried out:
Scripture reading, A. M. Ka^hiwn; instru
i mental solo, K. Sakiti; ■ recitation, "My
Shadow,"! C. i'amaoka; recitation, "Battle of
j 'Hastings," F. Taniguchi; recitation, "Tneßlue
! and the Gray," Y. Sabato; essay, "Outline of
' EVangeline," H. Hoshi; recitation, "Mrs. Can
dle's Curtain Lecture,'.' S Takatsuka; oration'
! "Commercial Relation of Japan to Unitea
I State-," Y. Nakatsuku; vocal duet, J. Fnjiyo
shi, K. Narita 4 ; recitation, "Freedom," Y. San
ada; recitation, "Brutus' Address," A. Mura
kami; recitntion, "Address to Revolutionary
Patriot," B. Shimamura; recitation, "Patrick
Henry's Address," H. Hoshi; essay (Japanese),
"Evangeliue," S. Takatsuka; vocal solo, K.
Narita; paper, E. H. Yoshizaki, 8.A.; adureu
(Japanese), K. Suno; address, Consul S. Koya,
D.C.L. ; presentation of prizes; addres', Rev. T.
Kujiwara; national hymn (Japanese); benedic
tion.
Children Cry for Pitcher's Castoria.
JACOB S, COXEY
IS COMING HERE,
He Is on His Way to This
City From Portland,
Oregon.
TO DELIVER AN ADDRESS
The Populists Favor His Plan
of Raising Money Without
Interest.
HIS PROPOSITION EXPLAINED.
Solvent Communities to Issue Twenty.
Year Bonds and the Government lo
Issue Currency on These.
Jacob S. Coxey, he who in April, 1894,
was prominently before the public as the
leader of the Commonweal Army that
marched on to Washington, is on his way
to this City by steamer from Portland,
Or., and will arrive here to-morrow or the
day after.
While he is not a Populist in the strict
sense of the word, he will be received here
by the Populists.
"Yes, ""said E. M. Wardall. chairman of
the executive committee of the Populist
party of this State, yesterday, "Mr. Coxey
is on his way here and will remain in this
City until he start? for his home in Mas
sillon, Ohio, his wife accompanying him.
While here he will probably deliver a lec
ture in one of the halls and he will prob
ably speak to the people. He will address
the people of Nevada also.
"I have met Mr. Coxey and I must say
that he is a man who has a good command
of language and can express his ideas in a
forcible and convincing manner. The
Populists, as you know, are favorable to a
J. S. Coxey.
— ■ — ■ 1
financial plan that will do away with the
heavy interest that the people are forced
to pay. They have looked at the sub- I
treasury plan of the Farmers' Alliance !
and that presented by Jacob S. Coxey, |
and they lavor the latter. This is the non
tntereit bearing plan. His idea is that the
Government of the United States shall
loan money to solvent States, counties,
townships, municipalities and villages,
upon twenty-year bonds issued by the
borrower, the amount to be limited by the
valuation of the taxable property owned
by the borrower.
"The money to he loaned shall be treas
ury notes in denominatiort of $1, $2, $3 and ;
$5, these to be of the same value that gold
is now; the loans to be fur twenty years. !
and to be repaid to the Government at :
stated periods out of a reserve fund of 4
per cent of all taxes collected. By this
plan the taxes would be reduced to a very :
low figure, which is an item to be consid
end by the people. In obtaining a loan
the borrower would be required to pay a
very small sum of the whole to pay for the
preparation of the notes and putting them
in circulation.
"Air. Coxey, when he comes here, will '
explain more fully what his plnn is, and I j
believe it will meet the approval of the I
people. Theie is one tiling certain, needed i
improvements could be proceeded with, j
employment would be furnished to de
servinu icople, and with plenty of money '
in circulation there would be better times
and less diMre'ss than there is now. It is
the high rate of interest that is paid to
people outside of the United States that is !
draining the country of its wealth, and j
any plan that will do away with that wili j
be+he redemption of the country."
The ex cutive committee will hoia a j
meeting 10-morrow at the residence of
John C. Gore. 11 Essex street, wbere some i
steps will be taken to receive the late
leader of the Commonweal Army.
MINISTERS MEET.
Rev. J. Q. A. Henry Tell* About Hit
Work in Chicago.
Rev. J. Q. A. Henry gave a chat on Bap
tist work in Chicago before the Baptist
Preachers' Conference yesterday morning.
After describing at length the work of
the Chicago University Dr. Henry con
cluded by expressing deep interest in his
friends and their work on the Pacific Coast.
Rev. R. Whitaker proposed a vote of
thanks to Dr. Henry, which was warmly
curried.
Presbyterian Ansoc'atlon.
It was "Quiz day" yes: ei day at the Pres
byterian Ministerial Association and most
of the pastors joined in the subjects dis
cussed, which were: "The Duties of the
Pastor, the Deacon and tue Sunday
school'; "The Pastor and the Christian
Endeavor Society"; "The Pastor's Rela
tion to the Fonda of the Church, and
"The Church Building Club and Its Kela
tions to Debt."
At a meeting of the Woman's Occidental
Board Dr. Hurd spoke on "Early Mission
ary Work in India."
Congregational Club.
The Congregational Monday Club re
solved yesterday to take no summer vaca
tion.
Key. W. Rader and Rev. Giles Kellog of
San Diego have been appointed by the
State Union of Christian Endeavorers as
State delegates to tlie Internetional Chris
tian Endeavor Convention at Washington,
D. C, during July. Rollo V. Watt will go
as a represtMitative of the 'P7 committee.
One or more of these gentlemen will give
a formal invitation to the Christian En
deavorers to comt! here in '97.
- •-: — •• — — • :—: —
Checkering: and Philomel .Quartets.
Next Thursday evening at the Young Men's
Christian Association Auditorium, M.ison and
Ellis streets, h splendid concert 111 the mem
ber-.'course will be given Dy tho Chiekering
Male Quartet and tlie Piuomel Quartet.
S. Homer Ileiuey, bass soloist, will also
in the programme.
NEW TO-DAY.
¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥
ISALTand 1
I PEPPER.
* — I
* ■ . • —- • •*
* In response to many reqnests, ♦
* <s;*iEsi another sale oi ♦
* ? :| I Salt and Pep- J
* J&Si§ak Pe.r takers, $
* mMllM^Mwi with heavy sil- *
I fM^i^aver.plated'tops, J
* py^j^^^fflt''urfini'slja|i|'s <
im^^^Mnvk' That's J i
i or Monday. J ,
m TllAcrfiV Still 7j
;j^ luesday mm j
* Wednesday only. *
*, There's one policy governing the whole +
T store—whether it's China, Glass, Lamps,
■J Cutlery or Ornaments —only the best is J,
* here— the least asked for it. j
* — ♦
J THAT BIG CHINA STORE- *
♦ A Quarter of a Block Below Shreve's. f ♦
£ WANGENHEIM, STEKNHEIM & 00., *
.J 528 and 530 Market St., J
J27 and -29 Sutter St., J
♦ BELOW MONTGOMERY. ♦
♦ *
OLOOMOROLORY
Some Choose the Former and Go
Through Life Complaining.
Others Choose the Latter, and Are Full
of Vina, Vivacity and Manly Vigor, 1
Which Insures Success in Business
and the Fullest .Enjoyment of All
Privileges and Favors Vouchsafed
By Nature.
Some one has said that "man is born cry-
ing, lives complaining/and dies disappoint-
ed." This is true in a great many cases. It
is true that most of us come into this
world crying, a condition not easily avoid-
ed, but the man who permits himself to go
through life complaining and finally
DIES DISAPPOINTED
has, as a general rule, no one to blame for
it but himself. He may be silently brood-
ing over some secret trouble that destroys
conjugal love, that tends to separate, hus-
band and wife. Or his liver may be torpid
and inactive, which^fct infrequently pro-
duces constipation,biliousness,and at times
perhaps a melancholy condition of the
mind. Or he may be dyspeptic, his diges-
tion greatly impaired if not almost entirely
destroyed, as is sometimes so, by chronic
catarrh. Or a terrible syphilitic disease
may De working its way through his sys-
tem and into his blood and bones. Or his
eye, ear, head, throat, lungs, heart, blad-
der, kidneys or urinary organs may be in-
juriously aif .cted, or some private or sex-
ual disease may distress or vex him. Be-
cause of these or sinrlar ailments millions
go through life complaining, and ulti-
mately die disappointed in reaching that
degree of success and happiness which,
under other conditions of health, they
might have easily attained. Tuis may be
your own lot. Then why do you continue
to suffer and sink ? If you want to get
well, to enjoy life, to achieve success in the
world, to have your .
AMBITION GRATIFIED
why not go to a specialist whose great rep-
utation is a sufficient guarantee of a prompt
and perfect cure of every case he under-
takes ? One personal visit to his office is
preferred, bntif you live away from San
Francisco and cannot conveniently call
ifnon Doctor Sweany, sit down and write
him your troubles in detail. Tell him all
in sacred confidence, and he will not only
qualify you for the pleasures, duties and .
responsibilities of sturdy manhood, but
will give you a new lease on life. To you
he offers the best, most scientific, success-
ful treatment. He offe«p you twenty-nw
years of experience, a lifetime of study
and research. The Doctor's hours for con-
sultation and treatment are from 9 to 12
A. M. and 2to 5 and 7toBP. M. Sundays
from 10 to 12 A. M. only. Address
F I SWFANY M n 737 Market St..
I. L. OnLrini, IT!. U., San Francisco, Cal.
ALL DISEASE IS CAUSED
BY MICROBES.
RADARS MICROBE KILLER
TS THE ONLY REMEDY YET DIS-
-*- covered that purifies the blood by
killing: the microbes in the human
body without injury to the system,
hence it cures ALL DISEASES. This
has been proven in the District Court
of Travis County, Texas ; Supreme
Court of New York City, and Correc-
tional Tribunal of Paris, France.
Pamphlets. Microscopical Examina-
tions and all information at main
office
RAMS MICROBE KILLER COMPANY,
1340 Market St., San Francisco.
TO EXCHANGE.
Al2-KOOM OAKLAND RESIDENCE: LOT
140x250: highly Improved: no lncumbrances;
will exchange for property In Southern California
I or at Spokane. Address Owner, 330 Fine St., room
I 58, San Francisco, Cal.
j ■ COSMOPOIjITAN,
' Opposite U. & Mint, 100 ana 102 Fifth st, H»n
Francisco, Cal.—The most select family hotel la
the city. Board and room. 91. 91 36 and $1 50 per
day, according 10 room. Meals VS&o. Itooms, J->'
[ and 750 a day. .Free coach to and from the hotel.
Look for the coach, beari 112 the name of lha Co*-
mopolitan Hotel. WAL FAIiKV. rropnelot.
■f- m si a m% a laxative refreshing M
I£ in k 'rut: '07-ense.
i BID rial very ivjropablo to take.
CONSTIPATION
_ _ „ __ „ _• hemorrhoids, bile,
I II II I C II lons of appetite, gastric an«
lld ftl I T la intestinal troubles and
■ ■■■•■ ■*» »■ 9 headache arising
from them.
Allll I All K. OIULLON,
I* K3 1 1 1 B Sal :; S Rue dcs Archives, Parta
,I#Pi £ I. Vl» Sold by all DrugKwta.
I v >"i uMßrmii please m mion Call.
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
i BIG REDUCTION l\ RATES BY RAIL
div iiE/Ull/11\)\ 111 liAlL^ t>i MIL
....T0....
FO^ Tli • JCNTJD. OR.
TUE5DAY.......:............ JUNE 2.
And Every Fifth I)av; Thereafter. '
Leave from 8. P. Co.'s Ferry landing, foot
: of Market st.; at 8 p. m. .
$5. o n—lncluding Berth in Pullman Tour-
OO,UU Ist Sleeper.
....ALSO....
I First-class tickets, including berth In C!> l f\ on
Pullman standard .sleeper. , . <Tn I \ }' vv
SPECIAL NOTICE.
This train will not stop to deliver or take on na*
senders at Intermediate stations, nor will tickets ba
sold or baggage checked to such points.
. g%f- Through Tickets i for Puget Sound
point* on Sale at Reduced Rute«.
For further Information a.ijily at ■
613MAKKET STUKKT (Grand Hotel
I Ticket Office), San Francisco. :
I RICHARD GRAY, X. H. GOODMAN.
I ■■■; ;•",- Gen. Traffic Mgr. ,- ■ Gen. Pass. Act.
WSV TO-PATJ _
I AT AUCTION
. THIS DAY,
TUESDAY.... ..JUNE- 2, 1896
At 12 o'clock noon,
AT OUR SALESROOMS MARKET ST.
BUSINESS PROPERTY. •
South line (Not. 125 and 127) of Ellis
Street, 87:6 feet east of Mason.
This is an elegant piece of business property In
! second block from Market st., either east or south
! also in rear of the Tlvoli, and adjoins the Hotel
I Laiißlium. Improved; would pay largely on invest-
I ment. Examine this for an investment. Large
1 lot, 50x1 00 feet, with one-half right In brick wall
I on west line of lot.
GOLDEN GATE IMPROVED PROP-
, ERTY.
Southeast corner of Oak and Iron St«.,
No. 1327 Oak and No. 124 I,yon St.
Improvements; 2 French flats. Each contains
salon parlor, drawing-room, kitchen, 4 bedrooms,
bath and laundry, etc. Elegantly finished; mod-
ern improvements. Opposite the Golden Gate
Park. Examine thin tor Investment. Bents
; readily. Choice neighborhood. Several electric
| ana cable roads. Lot 25x91:2 feet.
MISSION FRENCH FLATS.
West line (Nos. 326-332) of Noe St., 30
. feet north of Seventeenth.
Improvements; 4 French flats of 6 and 7 rooms
and bath each. Brick foundation. Street macada-
i mized. Castro cable; Bizteenth-st. electric-cars.
Large lot, 50x95 feet, with 5-foot alley to Seven-
teenth at.
MISSION RESIDENCE LOT.
West line Florida St., 234 feet sooth of
Twentieth.
. Lot ready for building; street sewered and mac-
adamized; plank walk: Potrero cars; lot 26x100.
GOLDEN GATE AVENUE RESIDENCE.
North line (No. 2002) of Golden Gate
Aye., 34 feet west of L^ron.
Two-story bay-windows; seven large rooms and
bath and large yard; choice flower-yard: must be
sold; examine it; McAllister cable and electric
cars: large lot 30x100.
FOLSOM-STREET BUSINESS LOT.
Southeast • line Folgom St., 125 feet
" southwest of Ninth.
This choice lot is In a business location, all ready
for building. With proper improvements would
pay well. Street in basalt stone; electric and
cable cars: lot 25x95.
MISSION FRENCH FLATS.
W. line (Nos. 432 and 1."..' : of Sanchez
St., 53 feVt N. of Kighteenth.
Handsome building, with'bay-windows, contain-
ing 2 French flats of 5 rooms and bath each; brick
foundation; high basement: street bltuminlzed;
rents $30; S. F. and >>. M. e!ecric-road; lot 26x
100. ,
MISSION SUNNY COTTAGE.
W. line (No. 430) of Sanchez St., 78 feet
N. of .Eighteenth.
Cozy cottage of 5 rooms and bath: brick founda-
tion; street bituminized; rent $14; S. F. and S. M.
electric-road: this property adjoins the above; lot
25x100.
16- 18-
MISSION BUSINESS AND RESIDENCE
LOTS,
Fronting San Jnse Aye., Twenty-ninth
and Tiffany Sts.
This line of business and residence lots Is very
favorably located, b -ing at the terminus of the
Valencia-st. cable and within one block of the
Mission electric-cars, while the San Francisco and
San Matco electric passes In front of the property;
'there are 16 choice lots, 4 or which front Twenty-
ninth St., 6 front San Jose aye. and 6 Tiffany st.;
these lots- are all ready for building; street sew-
ered; new plank wall: in front of the premises.
TERMS— One-third cash, balance in 1 and 2
years; interest 7 per cent per annum.
• EASTON, l.l.imilHiK & CO.,
Auctioneers.
Salesroom, 638 Market Street.
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
~ — • r -"~' — *
BAITTUERX PACIFIC COMPAXT,
(TACJFIC SYSTEM.)
Tml*> leave »ml nre due to arrive at
WAN FBtANCINC'O.
leave — FnoM Mat 3, 1596. — abbiti
•6:OOa Nilcs, San Jose and Way Stations. . . 8:43 a
7:<>oa Atlantic I*lllll—, Og<len and I'.ast.. Vl.">r
7:00 a Benicia, Vacaville, Uumß;'V. Sacra-
mento, and Redding via Davis .... S>43p
7:00 a. Martinez, San Ramon, Nopa, Calis-
toga nii'l Santa Bosa •:lSp
■:30a Niles, Sau Jose, Stockton, lone,
Sacramento, Jlarysville. Reil Bluff
ami Sundays excepted Oroville 4:15p
•8:30 v Peters ami Milton »7:15r
9:<>oa Los Angeles Kxpn-sa, Fresno, Santa
Barbara and Los Ange1e5......... 4:45p
9:00 a. Martinez anil Stockton... 10:1.1 a
9:OOa Vallejo 6:l.*»p
l:OOp Ifrtea, San Jose and Livermore 8:15 a
*l:OOp Sacramento Hirer Stearoeri *l):«Op
1 1 :3Op Port Costa and Way Stations t?:43r
4:00r Martinez, San Usmoii, Vallejo,
Napa, Oalißtoga, El Verauo and
Bsnta Kos-i t:l»»
4:*«r Bcnicia, Vaca^llle, ■ Woodland,
Knights Lauding, Marys
«)ii)ville ami .Sacramento I«:4H*
4:30r Nilea, San Jose, liveruore and
Stockton 7:15p
4:30r Merced, Eereada, Raymond (for
'"■■ ctaite) and Fresno 11*4*4
JsMrJTow Orleans Kxin-er.s.Fresno.Bakers- •
(lclil. .S;'.nt;i C.iilnia.l a Angeles,
■Doming, El Paso, New Orleans and
' East 1«:1*a
SiOOr Santa We Route, Atlantic Express
for Mojave aud Last 10:1.1 a
s:OOpVaUejo 11:13 a
6:00 r.nropeun M::il, Ostlen ami Last.... «: I.la
6:OOp Ilaywards, Nil- .-iml San Jose 7:4.% A
J7:oor Vallejo t7:45p
7:0.0 r Oregon Impress, Sacramento, Marjs-
ville, Redding, Portland, Tnget
Viiniiilam) Last 10:45 a
• SAM A <lltt!X IUVI^IOX (Narrow Uaugg).
}7:45 a Santa Cruz Excursion, Santa Cruz
and Prindpsl V.ay Stations J9:»3»
■ :13a Newark,Centorfillu,B*uJoie,Feltoß,
I lor.Ulor Creek, Satita Cruz and Way
Stations »i»»p
•t:lsp Ncvrar'.;. Ccnterville, Baa Jose. New
Almail»ti, Pelton, ltonlilcr Creek,
Santa Cruz and Principal Way
Stations «llt2oA
■ 4:l»r yew.-.rk. S.in Jose end I.on Ca10a.... 9:.Ta
COAST IHVISIO.N (I'liinl & lowiiscmt Ms.)
•6:45 a San Jose and Way Stations (New
Almadeti Wednesdays only) ...... # l:4Bp
♦7:;'.oa Sunday Excursion for San Jose,
Bmta Una, Pacific Grove, ana
Principal Way Stations !«:<» p
6:1.1* San Jose, Tr.'H I'inoa, Santa Cruz,
Pacific Orove. Paso Roblcs, Sau
Lubi Oliispo, Giiadalupc and Prin-
cipal Way Station! 7:0.1p
J9:47a Palo Alto and Way Stations i43p
10:10* San Jose ami Way Stations r»:OOp
11:13 a Palo Alto and Way Stations. S:3op
! "88:30 San Jose, Gilroy, Tres Piuos, Santa
Cruz, Salinas, Monterey and PaciQo
Grove *16:46 a
San Jose and Principal Way Stations M:47a
•4:30p San Jose aoil Way Stations *8:00*
3:»0p San .lose and Way Stations *S:1«a
O:"Ol> San Jose and Way Stations 0:35 a
f11:45p San Jose and Way Stations .<■ t7:4.tp
SAN IiKAaiDKO AMI HAYWAKDs LmAL7~"
t"S:OOA 1 '" ' ~ ( 7:13 a
8:00 a tO:43A
iS.oSt M.lr««, Seminary rark, \^* A % X
il V%%v Fltehlmr B«L««dr. ',?£{£
I5:OOp M & 4:4Sp
•*:<)©p • 1 0:45p
3:00p ■avwara'a. • O:l3p
7:<»Op 8:l^p
"Kg i Runs through to Nile,. ,££*
ftll:15p; ( FromNileg. ■ [ ttl2:OOr
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
From SAM SCI SCO— Foot of Hir!tet Street (Slip 8)—
•7:16 9:00 11:00 a.m. *l:00 *2:00 13:00
. •4:00 tG:QO . -6:00r.M.
From OiKLAND— Foot of Broad wit. — "600 8:00
10:00 A.M. tl2:00 *l:00 tJ:OO *3:00 ti:00
*s:Qop.m. . 1 . . . .
A for Morning. p for Afternoon.
* Sunaays excepted. i Saturdays only.
»m« i m 1 Sundays only.
ft Monday. Tlmrachv and Saturday nights only.
i - —
Atlantic *w£2tS'V>i <3lb.afofe
Trains leave from and arri %v i^K^^^K
at Market-Street Ferry. ?^^^^\jT^
SANTA FE EXPKbSS
To Chicago via A. & P. Direct Line
Leaves every day at 5 p. m., carrying Pull mail
Palace Sleepers and . Tourist Sleepers to Chicago
, via Kansas City without change.' -Annes cars tor '
I Denver and St. Louis.
I The- Ponu.ur ssv.nTA FE ROUTE KX(IR-
BIONS leave every WEDNESDAY tat BOSTON
with the very latest op-to-dat-* upholstered tourist
sleepers. in charge of experienced agents, running
tin-ouch to destination.
The best railway from California to the East.
I»<ew rails, new ties; no dust: interesting: scenery:
and good meals in Harvey's dining-roomi.
Ticket Office— o44 Market Street,
Chronicle Building,
"■'-, \ new TO-PAT.'
At Auction!
At Auction!
BY
G.H.UMBSEN&GO.
REAL ESTATE AGENTS.
House Brokers, Bent Collectors and Auctioneers,
OFFICE AND SALESROOM:
14 Montgomery St., Near Market
IMPORTANT
REAL ESTATE AUCTION
Miscsllaneons Properties
AS PER CATALOGUE. AT. SALESROOM,
MONDAY.
MONDAY, - - - - June 8, i 896,
AT 12 O'CLOCK M.
Natoma-St. Houses.
Nos. 922, 922% and 924 Natorna street, between
Tenth and Kleventh— 2-story frame houses,
6 rooms and hath eacn. in .good condition; rents
$60 per month; lot 60x75: concrete stone side-
walk and coping: iron fencing; street bltuminized;
title insured California Title Insurance and Trust
Company.
Dolores- St. Lot.
■ Vacant lot 25x125, east side of Dolores street;
160 feet north of Twenty-fifth; ready for building;
half block troom electric-cars; fine view.
Noe-dt. Residence. Foreclosure.
No. 59 Noe street, between Fourteenth and Rid-
ley — Two-storr residence, 8 rooms and bath: bay-
windows; brick foundation; lovely sunny home;
size 30x162.
highteenth-St. Building Lots.
Two level lots, south line of Eighteenth street,
125 feet west of Clover alley, on» block west of
Douglass street; ready to build on; street woric
done; 25x121 feet each: electric-cars pass.
Choice Residence Lot.
South line of Fulton street, 137:6 feet west of
Scott: 37:6x137:6 feet: mortgage of $2200 can re-
main if desired: street accepted by the city; this it
a very fashionable neighborhood, being the drive
to the park and only half a block from Alamo
square.
The five following pieces by order of
Referee. Estate of Daniel Mullin, de-
ceased.
Golden Gate Aye. — Down Town.
Nos. 315-317 Golden Gate avenue, between Hyd*
and Larkln streets— Two houses of 9 rooms, etc.,
each: rents $70; lot 34 :4i/ 3 x 137:6 feet.
NW. Cor. Fulton and Webster Sts.
Two-story and basement house of » rooms, etc.:
basement could be easily converted Into a store at
little expense; rents $45; both streets accepted;
lot 27 :6x80 feet.
Investment on Stevenson St.
I 457-459 Stevenson St.. between Fifth and Sixth—
i Double house of 6 rooms each, etc. ; rents $16; lot
i 26:6x70.
Oak- St. Lot.
South line of Oak st., 278:6'^ feet west of De
visadero; 25x137:6.
Ocean View Lot.
West line of Bright St., 150 ' feet south of Ran-
dolph; 25x100; near electric cars.
Administrator's Sale.
1. 410-410% Page st. and Lily aye.— Two flats of
7 and 6 rooms and bath each, etc. ; lot 54:2x120, aa
per diagram.
2. Cottage, 415 Lily aye.: 20x60: will not be
offered at the auction sale, but can be bought at a
reasonable price at private sale.
Corner Lot.
Southeast corner of Turk and Lyon sts.; 60x
137:6; Turk st. is 100 feet wide.
FRENCH HOSPITAL PROPERTY
By order of Board of Directors,
5. E. Bryant St., Bet. 5 h and 6th.
As an Entirety.
Improvements consist of 3-story brick ballding
and several smaller buildings: lot 275x275 feet;
100-vara lot; will cut up into 25 large building
lots, with 50- foot streets; 4 corners; in the heart
of manufacturing district.
For further particulars inquire at office
Q. H. UMBSEN & CO.,
Auctioneers,
14 MONTQOMHRY ST.
I— — — -=
RAILROAD TRAVELS
SAN FRiSCISCO & NORTH PA-
CIFIC RAILWAY CO.
Tiburon Ferry— of Market St.
San Francisco to San Rafael.
WEEK DAYS— 7:3O, 9:00, 11:00 a k- 12"3*
3:30 5:10, 6:30 r. v. Thursdays-Extra trip
11:30 p. m. baturdays-Extra trips at 1:50
and 11:30 p. v. *
6D1 6i00,^ t !2o 7 i? i. 9 ' 30 ' U:o ° *•"•' 1:S0> 3:3 *
San Rafael to San Francisco.
WEEK DAYS-6:l§, 7:50, 9-10 11-10 a it-
U:l6 f. *- : I:4 °- ** a
Between San Francisco and Schuetten Park ■"»
schedule aa above,
San F£ncl.co. jftffg San &££!"
agias »-<-'- [fa
7:30 au 7:30 am Novato, 10:40 a y 8:40 a*
S :30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma, . 6:05 pm 10:10 a*
6:10 pm 5:00 Santa Rosa. 7:30 pm 6:15 pm
■ .. Fulton,
7:30 am i Windsor, 10:10 am
Healdsburg, .
Geyservllle, ■
3:30 pm 7:30 am Cloverdale. 7:30 pm 6:16 pv
- „ I • I Pieta. I
7:30 am Hopland A 10:10 am
3:.iofn; 7:3oam | Uklah. I 7:30 6:18
7 '-SO am j 10:10 ax
7:30 am Quernevtlle. 7:30 pm
3:30 pm i { I 6:15 pm
7:30 am 7:30 am! Sonoma 10:40 am 8:40 am
5:10 pm 5:00 pm and 6:05 pm 6:15 pm
■ ! I Glen Ellen. j -
7:30 am (7:30 ami a,, hl ,., fnno , 110:40 am 10:10 AM
3:30 pm|s:oo pm| Scbastopo '- | 6:05 pm 6:15 pm
Stages connect at santa Rosa for Murk West
Springs; at Geyservllte for >kai;in Springs: M
Cloverdale for the Geysers: at Pieta for Highland
Springs, Kelseyville. Soda Kay and uakeport; at
lioplund for Lakeport and Harriett Spring*; at
Ukiah for Vichy springs. Saratoga Springs, Blue
Lakes, Lntirel Dell Lake, Upper Laxe. Homo, Totter
Valley. John Day's, Llerley's, Bncknell's, san-
hedrtn Heights, Hullville, Booneville. Green
wood, Orr's Hot Springs. Mendoelno City, Fort
Bragg, Westport. '.'sal. Willets, Canto, Covelo,
Lay ton ville, Harris, Scotia and Eureka. ~
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at reduced'
ratt s. \ .
On Sundays round-trip tickets to alt points be-
yond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offlc»s. 650 Market St.. Chronicle bnlldlnt
H. WHITIXG. R. X. RYAN, 4
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent.
EOETH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD
(Via S'.itisnlito Ferry).
from San Francisco, ( omm< n Ing March 29, 189 •>
WEEKDAYS.
For Mill Valley and San Rafael — 7:00, •B*oo
•9:15 10:16, 11:45, a. M.: 1:15. 3:10, 4:16,
. 6:15, *d:oi-. .3: p. m.
Extra trips for San Rafael on Mondays, Wtda»
. flays and Saturdays at 11:30 p. m.
' SUNDAYS. -.-.':.
*"»,. 1 Valley and S*n Rafael- »8:00, »9:00.
•10:00, 11 :3U a. m.;-"i_.Sj. "1 :30, *'J:l5 «4:oa
li'ob B A*»| B:3 ° P ' M * Kxtr * trtl ' t0 8 * U »» JI '»»«
Trains marked • run to Saa Quentin. **iaiM
p.m. does nnt run to Mill Valley.
; ; • THROUGH TRAINS.
*|*J> *• *"" weekdays— Cazadero and way «Utlon»
I Sinn A£" 2 un ay Caiadero « ad way stailona.
I tWt.lt Sunday »-Potnt Re;e> ana wa*st»tl<u» .Me, BURLEIGH
OF WASHINGTON.
He Outlines the Sentiment
of the Delegation to
St. Louis.
SINGLE GOLD STANDARD
Favors McKinley, but Says Any
Good Republican Would
Be Supported.
RECEIVER OF A RAILROAD.
The Northern Pacific to Be Sold Soon,
Mr. Burle gh May Be Senator
From Washington.
r. iiurleigh of Seattle, delegate from
Washington to tbe Republican National
Convention at St. Louis, is at the Palace.
Mr. Burleigh ia receiver of the Northern
A. F. Burleigh of Seattle, Receiver of the Northern Pacific Railroad, Delegate to
the National Convention, and Spoken of for United States Senator.
[Sketched from life by a "Call" artist.]
Pacific Railroad. He ia a very abe law
yer, and is prominently mentioned for the
United States Senate from the State of
Washington. A Senator is to be elected
from that State during the coming winter.
Mr. Burleigh id not yet 40 years old. He
practiced law in Montana ior a few years,
and some seven years ago located at Seat
tle. He has been signally successful, and
by his friends is looked upon as a man of
destiny. Mr. Burleigu is in the City in
connection with a suit in the United
States court brought by Mrs. Nellie G.
±*hinney of Seattle. The suit was tried
once and decided in Mrs*. Phinney's favor,
and it is now here on appeal. Mrs. Phin
ney is also in the City in connection with
the case. Attorney Burleigh had the case
before he was made receiver of the North
ern Pacific, and is staying by it now.
The Washington delegation of eight to
: St. Louis, of which Mr. Burleigh is one,
was instructed for "sound money" and for
M<Kin.'ey. Mr. Burleigh talked abont
this and other matters last night. He
: : ..6aid:
"The delegation is in favor of the gold
standard, but i 3 not necessarily antago- >
nistic to silver. But we do not believe in
; silver on the basis of 16 to 1, or anything
of that kind. We believe there can be but
; one standard, and that standard is gold.
We can't have two standards. We might
; .as well have two yardsticks, one thirty
. ; inches long and the other thirty-six. They
. : :.' would be just as practical.
. " '".■ "There was no row in our convention.
• The silver men came over from Spokane
and other sections where they were inter
ested in silver, but they were not in the
majority, and being Republicans more
than silver men they were perfectly will
ing to abide by the decision of the maior
ity, and have done so.
. • "In our platform we reitera tod the sen
timent of the last Republican National
: Convention. We want a tariff, but are not
: : asking for a particularly high tariff.
.; "So far as Mr. McKinley is concerned
|. : we are for him, but would be satisfied with
': : any good Republican. We believe there
are many in the party who would fill the
: : place with honor. But we were instructed
'■'. : for Mr. McKinley. and will, of course, vote
; for him for a while, anyhow. It looks as
though he would be nominated.
"Our position in Washington on the
: money question is practically the same as
with most of the Republican delegations
from States east of the Mississippi River.
..Perhaps we go a little farther in our in
siatence that the gold standard is the only
correct one. The New York Sun and the
Portland Oregonian say the Washington
platform leads all others in its right recog
nition and interpretation of the gold
.standard.
. "Some of our delegates have gone East
; already. Others will follow soon. We
are not going in a body. I shall return to^
: Seattle before starting for St. Louis.
•: ; "The Northern Pacific Railroad, for
which I am receiver, is getting in very
good condition. The business is mnch
greater than it was a year ago. The track
and rolling stock are in fine shape. I
tnink in six months the road won't have
any receiver. The former owners will buy
:it back; that is, the bondholders. The
; : road is to be <iold on J une 25.
:. : "Washington as a State is getting on a
igood deal better basis. Times have been
pretty close there ior the past two or three
-years, but we are getting out of the bad
timeanow. Seattle is probably the most *
active city of any in the Northwest. The
agricultural products promise to be heavy
til Is: year."
Mr. Burleigh expects to leave for home
this evening. He is a smooth-shaven,
dark-eyed and black-haired gentleman,
above medium size, with regular features
and an engaging manner. He is in the
front of affairs in the Northwest. It is not
at all improbable that he will be the next
United States Senator from Washington,
though he says he is not a candidate.
'•Governor McGraw is a candidate for
the place," he said, "and Senator Squire
wants to succeed himself. That is the
whole matter. lam not a candidate."
Still there are those who believe that at
the final showdown Mr. Burleigh may be
in it, and in a very lively way.
WILL GET HER MONEY.
Annie Hindu Wins Her Suit Against the
Board of Education.
Annie Hinds, who has been suing the
j Board oi Education for $474 back salary,
! has been granted a peremptory writ of
, mandate compelling the board to pay the
( amount asked for and 10 restore to her
her rights.
The plaintiff was, in September, 18S9,
granted a lirst grade certificate, entitling
her to a salary of $77 a month. In April,
1390, without notice, and she says without
cause, tbe board rescinded its action and
i she was reduced to the standing of a sec
j ond grade teacher, with a salary of $12 a
j month less than she had been getting.
i She demanded her full salary of $77 and
uj'on a refusal she brought suit.
The board's answer was that she had
: not been properly examined for the place;
i thai the granting of the certificate in the
! lirst place was a mistake, and that in re
scinding the action the board only recti
fied what had been wrongly done,
i The plaintiff's prayer was granted, how-
ever, and she will get her money unless
an appeal stays proceedings.
FOILED IS HIS ARTIFICE.
An Itinerant Jeweler Attempts
a Bold Fraud on the Rail
road Company.
Made a Claim for Stolen Tools Which
Were Afterward Found in His
Possrssicn
H. H. Rife, an itinerant jeweler, at
tempted to defraud the Southern Pacific
Company by means of a baggage claim,
and as the result of his ill-chosen enter
prise is doomed to pass a period in the
San Luis Obispo county jail.
His scheme was a bold one and would
I have proven successful had Rife not gone
on a "tear" in Santa Cruz and attempted
to use as collateral for a !oan the very
articles on the alleged loss of wliicn by the
Southern Pacific Company his claim was
| founded.
Rife left here for Templeton on the 2d
of May and checked his trunk to his des
tination. Two days after his arrival he
went to the railroad's agent at Templeton
and stated that a jeweler's lathe and other
jeweler's tools had been taken from his
trunk while it was en route to Templeton.
He was instructed to make an inventory
of the missing articles and to forward the
same with his affidavit setting forth in de
tail the story of his loss. This he did, and
his inventory placed the value of the lost
tools at $(55, for which ho made a claim
of |50.
When his claim was received in this
City an investigation was made, but the
improbabilities contained in the affidavit
of Rife at once aroused suspicion. It was
known that the baggageman on the run to
Templeton had been in the employ of the
company for twelve years and that his
record was without blemish, so the agent
at Templeton was told to keep an eye on
the movements of Rife and 10 keep the
head office posted. So when Rife a few
days after he bad filed his claim departed
for Santa Cruz the officials in this City
were promptly notified.
When the claim was first brought to the
attention of the law department the police
were asked to inspect all the pawnshops
here to see if the missing tools had been
disposed of to any of them, but their
search proved fruitless, and this strength
ened the idea that Rife's claim was spuri
ous.
From the momant the traveling jeweler
arrived in Santa Cruz he was under the
surveillance of the police. In a few days
he got on a spree, and, in order to "raise
the wind" for adding to his "load," he
attempted to pawn the very articles which
he claimed had been stolen from his
i trunk while it was in transit between San
Francisco and Templeton. Every loan
office having been notified regarding Rife's
case he was then arrested and taken to
San Luis Obispo, as he had sworn to the
affidavit in that county.
When brought to trial yesterday on a
charge of attempting to obtain money
under false pretenses he pleaded guilty,
and as a consequence, there is much grati
fication in the yellow building on the cor
ner of Montgomery and Market streets.
Big Patent Suit Filed.
Truman S. Clark began suit yesterday in the
United States Circuit Court against \V. g.
hhrock to recover $«0,000, alleged damages on
a patent wire-coiling macniue.
THE SAX FRAX^ISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JUNE 2, 1896.
A FLOCK THAT
MAY BE SCATTERED
Changing Fortunes of the
Cumberland Presby
terian Church.
ITS PASTOR STAYED ON.
He Declined to Accept Many
Suggestions as to Interior
Pastorates.
THE CONGREGATION DIVIDED.
Some of the People Will Go to
Dr. Rader's and Some Remain
in Chinatown.
The Cumberland Presbyterian Church'
which for a number of years has beer
holding services at Mozart Hall on Mar
ket street, is rent in twain. It is ex
pected that about half its members, along
with its pastor, will be received into tlu
Third Congregational Church next Sun
day. The other members of t*e Cumber
land. Church are for the most part wor
shipping at the Cumberland Chinese Mis
sion, 3 Clay place, under the ministrations
of Rev. J. J. Sitter.
It is eight and a half years since Rev.
F. A. Dixon started services in Mozart
Hall in connection with the Independent
Presbyterian denomination. After two
and a half years of ministrations the pas
tor resolved to ally himself witu the Cum
berland Presbyterians and ever since then
his church has remained in connection
with that denomination. Some time a^o
Mr. Dixon's health began to decline and
he could not labor as diligently as of yore.
It is asserted that a portion of the co n
gregation became tired of the ailing pastor
and sought to have anotiier pastor ap
pointed. Mr. Dixon was offered pastorates
in other parts of the State by the Hoard of
Missions and was made to understand in
various ways that it was the decree of the
board that "he should accept one of these
calls. He declined them, however, as he
wished to remain in San Francisco, and
the board of missions wa3 contributing
nothing to the support of the congregation
in Mozart Hail. "As Jong," said Mr.
Dixon, "as a church is self-supporting, its
minister is independent of any board."
Just about the time the pastor's health
began to fail a plan was on foot for erect
ing a building for the Cumberland Pres
byterian congregation, the only one of its
kind in the City outside the Chinese Mis
sion, which was not connected with it.
About $7000 was collected and pledged and
placed in the hands of the standing com
mittee of the California synod, for though
there are no Cumberland Presbyterian
Church buildings in this Ci:y there are a
number throughout the State. The Board
of Missions made special promises of as
sistance, and also appointed Key. T. A.
Cowan financial agent for the building
fund.
It was at this time that Mr. Dixon says
the first effort was made to remove him
from tne church. He refused, however, to
I be sent about by the Board of Missions
■ and remained with his congregation in
i Mozart Hall. Shortly afterward Key. T.
! A. Cowan was removed and the board
j withdrew its offers of assistance toward
the building fund, though tne suggestion
was again made to Mr. Dixon to go to
another part of the State.
It is stated by Rev. J. J. Sitter and by
ihe members 01 the flock who are now
worshipping at the Chinese Mission, that
Mr. Dixon has been too ill for some time
to attend properly to his ministerial du
ties. They say that some Sundays lie was
able to preach and that some Sundays be
was not, and that as a consequence the
congregation dwindled down till the
church ceased to be self-supporting. At
iast it seems that Mr. Dixon himself be
came aware of his unntness to hold the
fort any longer. On the last Sunday in
April he tendered his resignation, and
forty-five of the congregation at once
asked for their letters, as they wished to
follow the pastor.
Witn such a diminished flock it was
found to be a financial impossibility to
continue services in Mozart Hall. Mrs.
Sitter, the wife of Rev. J. Sitter, was the
missionary of the Chinese Cumberland
Mission, and Mr. Sitter, not having a
church, was appointed, or appointed him
self, according to Mr. Dixon, a temporary
supply, till steps could be taken toward
reorganization.
Those of the flock who follow Mr. Sitter
go to Chinatown to perform their devo
tions, and Mr. Sitter says that they form
the majority of the congreeation. Those
of the nock who follow Mr. Dixon will join
the Third Congregational Church next
Sunday. The pastor says he does not con
sider this an act of disloyalty to the
Cumberland Presbyterian Church, as there
is practically no difference in the doctrines,
and the people who follow i.im would not
co into Chinatown to church. It is pos
sible that Mr. Dixon will present his letters
to the Bay Conference and become a
recularly appointed Presbyterian minister.
Tne $7000 collected for the church is still
in the hands of the standing committee.
Nearly £1,000,000 worth of patent medi
cines are exported from the Lnited King
dom each yei.r.
A smart Broadway, New
/ \ York, druggist has
this sign hanging outside
his store, it marks the
new era of drug selling.
Is it any wonder that he
has to enlarge his quar-
ters, that his clerks are
busy, and that his store is
one of the most popular
along the leading thor-
oughfare ?
You can afford to trade
with a druggist that has
6uch a motto as that
' !^^^^^^^^^Svi'- v " *t^'^s3^>~^^
■ • ." '' ' v^~l ■•■' ' ' :;■■■'.- '■ '■'■■■■' : '■ ■ - .':
THE BARTLBTT
SPRINGS
TTAVE THE MERITED REPUTATION OF
-*-"*- being one of the wonders of the world, and
seekers of pleasure and lovers of sightseeing, as
well as those in search of health, will be well
paid by visiting them. .
The Finest Summer Climate in Cali-
fornia.
LARGE NEW SWIMMING TANK.
A Positive Cure for Rheumatism, Liver,
Kidney and Stomach Troubles.
TERMS »10 TO 815 PER WEEK. j
Two Routes to trie Springs, S. P. Co. and
S. F. and N. P. Railway. :-;if ;
Address all correspondence to BARTLETT
SPRINGS COMPANY, 22 Fourth street, S. F., or j
Bartlett Springs,- Lake County, Cal. . ■
PACIFIC CONGRESS SPRIGS.
THE LEADING SUMMER ami WINTER
RESORT IN CALIFORNIA.
T OCATED IN A CANYON OFTHE SANTA I
JL< Cruz Mountains, convenient to San Jose, amid j
most enchanting scenery, about 1000 feet above i
sea level. No fog, no mosquitoes; all sunny rooms, I
with a frontage of 450 feet south. . -.•_*•*.;•
Larfto Double Room*, With Private
Bathrooms.
PURE SPRING or the celebrated CONGRESS
SPRING MINERAL WATEH of the alkochaly-
beate class; very valuable for table use, dyspepsia,
liver arid kidney troubles, rheumatism, gout, skin
and nervous affections. Indorsed and recom-
mended by all leading physicians.
HOTEL. COTTAGES, NEW NATATORIUM.
ALL modern improvements; electric bells, tele-
phone aud telegraph: good stables.
RATES, $10 to «15 per week: only 2% hours
from San Francisco, via S. P. Railroad. Write for
particulars. J. F. PFETCH, Saratoga, Cal.
/ — hjT~\ The Beautifnl
£s*^^Met HOTEL
Jif^a_jSS£r* SlfSl?!
Jgffiftsffl' g|fa ! T FVI\AIIF
< r_^7:^^ T -^-- ; 3--s Ift I g ll I f! ft
"i&^Br^Sito* iLlll/VJII-
SAN JOSE, CALIFORNIA.
Never did this popular resort look more Inviting
than now. Newly painted inside and out. In the
center of Its lovely grounds. Conspicuous for Us
unexcelled table, service and general appoint-
ments, it is enjoying deserved patronage and
prosperity.
QEO. P. SNELL, Manager.
a
rTli The Hotel
A||!gft[£* Metropole
J^IIIyPI Corner 13th
BSrl[_Sir_i^lS Jefferson Sta
-^IgllsSsfp' Oakland, Cal.
IS ONLY 45 MINUTES FROM SAX FRANCIS-
-1 CO. A superb climate. No winds or fogs. Unex-
celled table service and general appointments.
Oakland has the best roads in the state for wheel-
Ing.
Families desiring to leave the city without in-
convenience to business should write for special
summer rales and illustrated pamphlet.
RICHARD M. BRIARE. Proprietor.
P A R A I Q II s 2 ®?-^
I Hnn I v U SSSiLsSi
/**^ * health.rest,p!eas-
urp, climate, accommodations, scenery, flower
beds, cleanliness, table, hot soda tub and plunge
baths, hot sulphur tub and swimming- tanks, mas-
I sage treatment, hunting and fishing, children's
playground, croquet and dance hall for families.
Paraiso stands unsurpassed in the J^tate. ■ Plenty
enjoyment, for young and old. Take train Third
and Townsend streets, San : Francisco, 8:15 a.m.
dally, for Soledad ; Return-trip ticket, «8. Seven
miles by stage. Telephone : and Postolllce. For
Illustrated pamphlets' and special inducements for
1896, address R. ROBERTSON, Manager.
MPA SODA SPRHfIS,
California* Famous Mountain 1 Spa!
.Have Toe Bkkk Thkbe Lately?
1000 feet above Ni»:>a Valley. Climate unsur-
passed. Views magnificent. . Table supplied from I
orchard and ocean, field and farm. Hot and cold
Napa Soda water baths. Telephone and Postotlice.
Burros to ride. Bowline alleys, ■ tennis, croquet,
swings and hammocks.. New Improvements every
year. <Jas and running water In every room. Re-
lief for asthmatics. WARM WATER SWIM- |
MING TANK. Ah ideal summer resort. . ... Chil-
dren's paradise: mothers' delight: husbands' rest.
Address AND RE VV JACKSON, Napu Soda Springs
P. O.
GO TO DUNCAN SPIUXGS,
rp WO MILES FROM HOFLAXD. MKNDOCINO
1 County, for your health and pleasure. The best
medicinal mineral waters In the State. Fine elec-
tric ' and ' mineral baths: new modern hotel; 250
feet above the valley: fine view. Furnished cot-
tages to rent. Plenty of .amusements. Free ous
to 7:30 train from San Francisco, and other trains
when notified. Terms, flO per week. ■ :■•■:■■-
. O. HO WELL, President.
Telephone at Postofllce. . .-•••.
SEIGLER SPRINGS,
I, MCI' COrNTV.
"POPULAR HEALTH RESORT. OPEN THE
X round. "Telephone connections. Round-
trip tickets at Southern Pacific offices, $10: special
conveyance dally. 1 For inforn _tion address JOHN I
i fcPA.UUHN.G, Seigler Springs, Lake Count/, Cal.
HUD SPRINGS, I
On the Eorder of Clear Lake.
LjAKB county, oal.
DO YOU ENJOY A SUPERB CLTMATR, \
dancing, lawn tennis, .croquet, billiards? Do
i you like fine bathing, boating, hunting and fishing?
| Do yon need recuperation and rest afforded by over j
( thirty kinds of mineral springs? Shortest stage !
! route into Lake County.
i All this and more can be had at Highland !
: Springs. ■
New hotel. Finest dining-room north of Sao '
■ Francisco.
j From San Francisco it costs only $8 for the j
I round trip, and the hotel rates are 81 50 to $2 50
per day or $10 to $16 per week. Take the 8. F.
and N. P. Hallway via Pleta, thence by a short de-
lightful stage ride. .1. CKAIG, Manager.
San Francisco office. 316 Montgomery st.
YOUR VACATION!
Where Shall You Spend It ?
Go where monotony is impossible, j
I where you may mingle with the light- '
; hearted social throng, or bask in the sun-
| shine by the surging sea, or stroll under !
* the shade of the majestic redwoods!
! THE SEA BEACH HOTEL, '
SANTA CRUZ, Cal.,
i Now under the proprietorship of MR.
I JOHN R. CHACE. offers all these oppor-
tunities. It is the ideal health and pleas- |
| ure resort, nestling in a very bower of
loveliness. For further information ad-
dress J. R. CHACE, -
Proprietor Sea Beach Hotel.
. "Absolutely the finest fishing in the West." —
.Forest and Stream. • .
LAKE TAHOE.
TALLAC HOUSE.
THE SUMMER RESORT OF CALIFORNIA. j
Tbe entirely new hotel • open this season. Hotel j
and grounds lighted by electric lights. All modern
improvements. Rates $15 to $2l per week.
Tahoe Inn, fahoe City.
OPEN UNTIL NOVEMBER 1.
RATES. $10 TO $14 PER WEEK. . I
Great reductions in fare to'lallac this season.
The steamer "Tallac" carries its patrons free of j
charge to and from nil points on Lake Tahoe. i
Hound trip ticket from San Francisco, Oakland,
Pan .lose, Lathrop and Stockton, $16; Sacramento. i
| *13 50; l-atita Barbara and Los A nsreleg, $38 50.
Bay ticket to Tahoe City only, thereby saving
S3 on trip.
M. LAWRENCE & CO., proDrietors.
Send for illustrated circular.
For route and further Information Inquire of
Southern Pacific Company's ticket office.
TWO HOTELS AND COTTAGES.
■Under tixe Old Management
ON AUsTIN CREEK, ix THE SONOMA j
Redwoods, X. P. C. R. R-, via Sansa'.lto ferry. j
Train leaves at 1:45. Hotel Cnzadero rates, $10
to §14 per week; Slim Grove Hotel rates, 56 to"$8 I
per week: tents, $3 to $5 per week, send for cir- j
cular.
C. F. BURNS, Proprietor.
Cazaclero, Cal.
CUP TAYLOR, HOTEL AZALEA,
Tocaloma, Bertrand's Hotel, narln Co., Cal. j
FIRST - CLASS ACCOMMODATIONS: DE-
lightful climate for camping; dancing pavilion,
croquet and lawn tennis; tine trout ■ fishing, bath-
ing and swimming; splendid drives to Bear Val-
ley; postollice, express, telegraph and livery . at
both hotels: terms $8 and $12 per week.
VICTOK W. KRAUSS, Manager.
JOS. F. BE HAND. Proprietor.
City office, 112 Taylor St.. Fridays, 2 to 4 P. M.
WHEN I IK! AH
VISITING wivifiii
STOP AT THE '.;
PALACE HOTEL.
XV. H. FORSE & SONS, PROPRIETORS.
miUSISTHE NEWEST, LARGEST ANDBEST
-I hotel in Ukiab, and it isMieadquaners for
tourists. i ■ ' \ '
| Stages to all resorts and other places arrive at
and depart from this hotel. Free bus to and from
all trains. Baggage transferred free of charge. ,
SUMMER BOARD SEAR GILROY.
A PLEASANT, HOMELIKE RESORT: ELE-
j\ gant climate, fishing, hunting and scenery.
Low price.
Terms or W. T. TRO3TBI/T, Gilroy.
MOUNTAIN SPRIG FARM
\\rir.L BE OPKV FOR BOARDERS JUNE 1.
»> Write for particulars WM. J. ROSS, proprie-
lr.- i i-u-vM I'-.1 '-. N»pn County. Cal.
BPKKD 1 YOVK VACATION AT •
LAUREL GLEN FARM.
Fine spring water, plenty milk, cream, fruit and
home comforts. ■ Particulars apply MRS.* V. STU- ■
Vv It \ T'S( ■] F . box 159, Napa, Cal. : ? .
SUMMER BOARD AT BUBLiNBAME.
Redington Place "A Mild Rest Cure." '
Addre55.............. ...... IRA G. HOITT.
■ ; Hoitt's School reopens August 4.
KLAMATH HOT SPRINGS,
BKSWICK, SISKIYOU ; -. COUNTS'. CAL., A'
noted fishing and health resort. Hot mud and :
sulphur baths. ;.' . ;
EPSON BROS., Proprietors.
-A.. _3. _vrcsivx___T__k:'
IF YOU : WANT :TO ' HAVE A GOOD TIME
X hunting and fishing where game of all kinds is
plentiful, take | the 8. F. and ls T . P. R. R. to Uklah,
Berry hill stage Ito | Potter Valley, McMath's stage
to Hull yule. P. O. address, Hull ville, Lake Co. C'ai.
u/hen writing for further particulars to any of the health or
Pleasure Resorts in these columns kindly mention the Cj{jCjC.
GILROY HOT SPRINGS
A Pl&ce Where the Invalid Can Surely
Keguin Health— Where the Tourist
May Kegale Himself Upon
Magnificent and Picturesque Scenery,
Where the Summer Pilgrim May Find
Rest, Kefreshment aud Kelaxatiou.
A Mecca for the Annual Seeker After
Repose and Recnperation.
A Rnral Retreat. Where the Adjacent
Hills Are Clothed in t-armeuts
of M;it<'lil«--i Glory,
Where the Ogre Malaria Never T,ifts His
Ghastly Head and Where the Waters
of Healing Pour Freely From
Nature's Own Fountain.
rpAKK 8:15 A. M. OR 2:20 P. M. TRAIN FROM
J- Third and Townsend .streets, ?>\' 2 hours from
San Francisco. Fare, $7 15 for round trip.
Jjfjr Staste connects with train from Third and
Townsend streets.
ROOP & 50N t Proprietors.
SMTA CATALISA ISLAND.
Augmented Attractions for Season 1896.
TTNEXCELLED FISHING, DELIGHTFUL
U coast excurs. ons, • tally-ho staging, wild goat
' hunting, bathing, boating, horseback riding, dan-
! cinq, pyrotechnic displays, water carnivals, grand
; concerts every day after June 6. Popular Hotel
: Metropote now open, Island Villa in July.
! For full information, illustrated pamphlets and
i rates, apply to
WILMINGTON TRANSPORTATION CO.,
222 South Spring st., Los Angeles, CaL
JOHANNISBERG
In the midst of the Napa Redwoods, including the
GREAT WING CANYON.
Iron Springs, lakes, Bowling Alley. Splendid
place for Hunting, Boating and Fishing. •
Elevation nearly 1200 feet. Best
Climate for Asthma.
ACCOMMODATIONS FOR CAMPERS. Convey-
ances every Wednesday and Saturday from Napa.
nfter the arrival of the morning train. TERMS
REASONABLE. Make your en«a?ements before-
hand. For particulars address WALTER METZ,
Napa City, Cal.
MARK WEST SPRINGS,
The Gem of Sonoma County.
Nine miles from Santa Rosa.
TVriTHITS BEAUTIFUL GRAPEVINE Alt-
'» bor; the place where you feel at home. Table
first class. Croquet. Billiards, Shuffle-board,
Swings, Swimming-pool. Dancing Pavilion, Fish-
! ing and Hunting. Terms, $10 and $12 per week.
Special rates for clubs and large families. Round
trip, $3 75. Baths free to guests.
FRESEifc JUERGENSEN.
I1T7" £ ft fit% HOTSPKINGS. Sonoma
V If A I ' I ' V bounty, only 4% hours from
\ » ultlt\ Sa!l Francisco; but 9 miles
II |\ ft II II II staging: new road through
ft* — .* VI VI AS canyon; new stages; sanitary
plumbing; natural temperature of water 130" Kahr. \
of wonderful curative properties ; no fogs or disa-
greeable winds: mosquiios and other annoying j
insects unknown. Take Tiburon ferry at 7:30
A. M. or 3:30 p. M. Hound-trip ticket only 85.50. '
Telephone and telegraph, daily mail and express.
Rates $12 a week; baths free. •
J. F. MULGREW, Proprietor.
LYTTON SPRINGS,
SONOMA. COUNTY.
AN IDEAL PLACK. FOR HEALTH. REST !
AND PLEASURE: no staging: iA-tnile from '
station. The only genuine Seltzer Springs in the
United States . and the celebrated Lytton Geyser
Soda Springs. Wonderful curative properties. j
Table first-class. " Send for circulars. j
i|| , !
SODA BAY; HOTEL.
SODA BAY, SITUATED ON CLEAR LAKE, i
is most picturesque. Soda Spring is famous for j
the vast volume of delicious soda water which j
it throws out daily, amounting to over 1,000,000 ;
gallons. Hunting, fishing, boatinz and swimming j
are unsurpassed anywhere. A fine bar has jus: j
been opened. The table is supplied with the very I
best the market affords, and the comfort and wel- !
fare of all guests carefully looked after. Free
camping grounds. A coach will connect with the |
dally stage from Pieta and Highland Springy
Adams, seigler. Blue Lakes and Saratoga. Fare [
from San Francisco, $5 50; round trip, *10. Spe- ,
cial rates for families. G. B. WYATT, proprietor.
Soda Bay, Keigeyville, Lake County, Cal.
MOUNTAIN HOME.
The Recognized Family Summer Resort
in the Santa Cruz >T««m tains.
Health, pleasure, swimming, fishing and hunt-
ing. New dancing pavilion. Deer park. Table
excellent. Climate unsurpassed. Send for souve- j
nir. State at Madrone every Monday. Wednes- i
day and Saturday after June 1. connecting with
train leaving the City at 8:15 a. m.
VIC PONCELET, Llagas. Cal.
PLANTATION HOUSE.
IS ni!es from Cazadero, on Stage Line.
GOOD TROUT FISHING, PLENTY FRUIT,
cream and milk : free conveyance for parties of
two or more; grand i -dwooil scenery. Address
JOSEPH LUT I'R INGE B, seaview, Sonoma Co.,
or apply KRUSE & CO., 207 Front St., San Fran- j
Cisco, for particulars. . - ' :
INVERNESS.
TNVEBNESS, MARIN COUNTY— CAMPING
— . privileges to rent, and lots for sale; situated
on an Inland bay; good beach: salt-water batnlng;. |
water 15 degrees warmer than any other resort j
on the coast; beautiful drives: shooting and fish- j
ing: within 2 hours of San Francisco on the North '
Pacific Coast Railroad, : Stages meet trains. Apply j
11 to 2 daily, 331 Montgomery street, room 51.
ASTORfi SPRING JMERiL WATER.
THE FOUNTAIN OF PERPETUAL YOUTH:
jL cores most any disease of long standing: cured
hundreds; recommended by thousands in four
months in this city no agents. A. ASTORG, 108
Fifth st., sole proprietor: Gienbrook Hotel. Lake
County, one-quarter mile from spring, has privilege
of the water. ~
GLENBROOK
IS ONE OF THE MQST CHARMING RE-
JL sorts In the State. Fine scenery, hunting and
fishing; excellent table. For circulars and further
nformatlon address ■-:■ O. W. R. TREDWAY,
■'. Proprietor, Gienbrook, Lake County, Cal.
URIAH STABLES MD STAGE COMPACT
\\T " H. MILLER, PROPRIETOR. GOOD TURN-
:'» . outs for commercial men, tourist and fishing
parties a specialty. State street, adjoining Palace
Hotel, Ukiati, Cal. Vichy Springs stage mcc all
trains. ;. Daily ; stage for Blue : Lakes, Laurel Dell,
Saratoga Springs and Upper Lake. ■:■/. ■:■;. ,
SARATOGA SPRINGS,
LAKE CO.— MOST- BEAUTIFUL SUMMER
JLJ resort in State: 8 different springs: good fish-,
ing and hunting; accommodations first-class; rates
9 10 per week and upward: table unexcelled: hard-
finished rooms and cottages. J. MARTENS, Bach-
elor P. 0., Lake Co., Cal. --:: ' - ' '.- . ■- . -
CALIFORNIA HOTEL,
: " : Broadgauge Depot,
S_a_JNT RAPAEIj.
Summer Retort for families. -.
Rates $6 to $10. A. BERG, Manager, .
Easier Now
On acconnt of tae new stage arrangements to get
to and from
>ETNA SPRINGS.
Take 7 o'clock Southern Pacific train to St.
Helena; sta?e leaves there at 10 a. m., stopping at
An«wins for lunch, but no lons wails as in the
past. Returning thesiace leaves the Sprlnes at
10 a. m.— no pettinu un ai 5 a. m. Unlimited round-
trip ticket?, $7. Rates, $10 to $14 a week. For
further information call at 31S Battery St., Snn
Francisco. or address W- L. .MITCHELL, manager,
Lidell P. OL, Napa County, Cal.
SANHEDRIN HEIGHTS.
_ >. B. Frasier, Manager.
Over 4000 feet elevation among the pines. Na-
ture's Game Preserve. Beautiful scenery, purest
air, colaest water, good shooting; fine trout fish-
ing near by: regular mail; table supplied with the
best in the market: vegetables from our own gar-
den; good home cooking and _home comforts: ac-
commodation from "0 to 30; season opens June 1.
Distance and fares— Buy round-trip ticket, $12
(unlimited), at office of S. F. and N. P. Railroad.
Kail 10 Ukiah, thence by Berry hills popular stage
line via I'otter Valley to Sanhedrln. Boom and
board $1 per day. Guide (when wanted) $2 per
day. Saddle horse (when wanted) $1 per day. No
: other charges. For further particulars address L.
B. FKaSIKR, Sauhedrln, or LAUD'S GUN-
STOKE, 9 Third St.. San Francisco.
THE JORDAI HOUSE, 811 RAFAEL. CAL
First-Class Family ifoardinjj- House.
MRS. X F. JORDAN, Proprietress.
Beautiful View. Sixth Street,
Fine Grounds. Head of B. -
EL BONITO HOTEL
VOW OPEN TO TOURISTS FOX TEB
— season: salt and fresh water bathing, banting,
fishing and boating; redwood grove, etc. : terras
reasonable. .'/ ' -:.- . O. W. MORGAN, ;
Duncans Mills, Sonoma Co.,Ca_
MAGNETIC SPRINGS.
TN THE HEAKT OF THE .SANTA CRUZ
X Mountains; hot and cold magnetic baths; hunt-
ing arid fishing; cottages for families; stage meet*
morning train; terms $8 up. Address JOSEPH
L.INDSEY, (jlenwood, Cai.
WHITE OAK FARM,
VKAR CLOVERDALE— SPECIAL ATTEN-
— I tion given to table; terms $7 per week. For
particulars address W. If. HI ATT, Cloverdale, Cal
HOME REST FOR THE SUMMER.
ATTRACTIVE LOCATION-. PLEASANT
— — . rooms: fresh fruit*, strawberries, cream. chick-
ens, etc., all raised on home farm. For particulars
ami terms address box J*s, Sebastopol, Sonoma Co,
OTIC I , VICTORIA, HONOUA, OAL,, THE
gem of the mountains, famed for its equable
and salubrious male; near nature's won-
derland: altitude 1935 feet; the pleasure and
health seekers' paradise; the accommodations of
the Hotel Victoria will be found of the highest
order; rates $10 to $15 per week. JOHN C. MOR-
RISON, lessee.
/"IHI_I>KE>\ BOARDRD AND WELL-CARKD
\.i for during summer vacation on Pfeister ranch,
25 miles from city: plenty of milk and fruit;
rates reasonable. Address E., box 64, this office.
/DAMPING— TO LET, 4-ROOM COTTAGE, $25;
yj big lent with 5 beds, $20: finest place in Boss
Valley. 1503 Geary su
OAUSALITO— A BARGAIN; DOUBLE HOUSE
O of 6 rooms: bath each. THOMAS PENLING-
TON, 405 Montgomery St., room 6.
WANTED — PARTY OF 4 FOR SUMMER
■11 outing; finest of trout-fishing and deer-hunt-
ing; country wild enough for most exacting; no
objection to 2 ladies. Address box 143, Mediord,
Oregon. . ■■'.'■■■• *- ' ' '
T AUREL DELL HOTEL, ON LAUREL DELL
±J Lake (formerly Lower Blue Lake)— This pop-
ular resort opens to the public for the coming sea-
son with many improved facilities for entertaining
pleas re-seekers: boating and bathing free; no
pains will be spared to provide a good table; terms
$8 to $12 per week; route S> F. and N. P. Railway;
through fare 85: round trip $9 50. Address H.
W AM BOLD, Prop., Bertha P. 0., Lake County
HOTEL DEL MAR— ON THE SEASHORE; 20
J I minutes' ride from Santa Cruz; climate per-
iec:; table unexcelled: surf bathing: sailing, row-
ing, fishing; buses meet all trains; children, $2
to $5 per week: adults, $9 per week: special rates
to focletles and families. Address MANAGER
HOTEL DEL MAR, Santa Cruz, CaL, or room 29,
Maze building, S. F.
OTEL LA HONDA— AMONG THE MANY
attractive summer resorts none offers more
genuine pleasure than la Honda, 17 miles from
Redwood City, remarkable for climate, fishing and
hunting, camping, comforts and pleasures. Tickets
fo.- the round trip via S. P. R. R. and Knight's
stage line, $4. MRS. LJ. SEARS, La Honda, Cal.
TiIVERSIDE RANCH— ON THE BANKS OF
IX Eel River. 6 miles from Potter Valley, Men-
docino County: round trip, $9 75 from San Fran-
cisco; fishing, hunting, bathing and boating un-
surpassed. Terms. $7 per week. • Excellent table;
milk, fruit, vegetables raised on the ranch. T. J.
GILLESPIE, Potter Valley, Mendoclno County.
LUE LAKES PLEASURE RESORT— NEW
hotel, now open; many new improvements for
the entertainment of the guests: the pavilion built
over the water; a naphtha launch, etc. ■ good fishing
and hunting. Address CARL MEYER, Bertha
P. 0., Lake Co. Do not address Blue Lakes.
f BELMONT. SAN MATEO COUNTY,
board lor summer months: « private family;
beautiful grounds; large rooms; 3 minutes from
station; 1 hour fm city. MRS. HANSEN.BeImont
T ON('\VOODS, IDEAL SUMMER RESORT;
-lJ send for illustrated pamphlet and terms. Ad-
dress Longwoods, Napa, Cal.
ROOKSIDE FRUIT FARM; FINE SHADE:
.1) plenty milk, cream, chickens and fruit; good
accommodations. Address Brookslde, Napa.
YPRESS LAWN FRUIT FARM-GOOD TA~- .
\J ble: home comforts. T. H. EP BY, Nann, Cal.
THESUCCESS OF TBE SEASON
THE LADIES' GRILL ROOM
OF the
PALACE HOTEL,
DIRECT ENTRANCE FROM MARKET ST.
OPEN UNTIL MIDNIGHT.
WAGOSS. CARRIAGES AXD HARNESS.
'^. *««_3BZs__ Fifty per cent saved!
Factory prices — i^end
. \^\^T^^/1 ' 'or catalogue.
\' [W IV I ' Cart 5.. ...... .515 to $35
\_«^___B_L Buggies.... .s7s t0 5125
jn» * J^3SJS% X v Carrlai{es..;jsiOO to $200
/^M^BaHK TV /\ Wagons.... ?5U to $100
f nfMMWiriS^V^l Harness $8 to $25
I-*»3?prKis¥^fe^fcr"i We ship everywhere.
\^W&^7\/IQX% )CV7 California Wagon and
\4C___fc ><__fc±i^g Carriage Ca, >■ St., S. »
-, Fremont St., ti. F
__ ________
f* irfWCffifTPfcrii 1 W €f is a non-poisonous
jl' _-_l_P > "^ "~__J _ remedy for Gonorrhoea,
J^H^CC— Et»~Hfl Gleet, Spermatorrhoea,
«fl_pr in 1 ws.Uvs.~B Whites, unnatural dis-
BStSf Oa»r»ateed M charges, or any inflamma-
A«-_F not to auieiure. tion, irritation or ulcera-
<|Pre Te- contagion. tion of mucous mem-
KSVheEvAHS CHEM____. brancs. Non-astringent.
CINCINNATI, O .BEg Sold by I>rusrci«tr.
\ljS__ CS x _H_l or sent in P' a ' n wrapper,
™M|k^' ' _ mF\H by express, prepaid, for
'<^6raM^°l 1 1 - 00 - or 3 bottles, J3.7".
, •* F V • Circular sent or. - tiesf;.
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE U AMI AN A BITTERS; TH«
treat . Mexican itemed/; give* iiealUi . aa4
fcUeugv- to t_« ti«xaal Org— 3* :
1112
THE COMMERCIAL WORLD.
MMMAKY OF THK MARKETS.
i^ard Oil lower.
Wheat and Barley declining.
Other Cereals unchanged.
Larger receipts of new Hay.
Beans neglected.
Potatoes and Onions about the same.
Butter, Eggs and Cheese unchanged. ,
Poultry nominal.
Vegetables weaker.
Cherries in eager demand.
First Peaches and Plums appeared.
Strawberries higher.
Lemons weaker. Limes firm.
Dried Fruit unchanged.
Canned Salmon firm.
PRODUCE EXCHANGE SALES.
produce Exchange Call Board sales in May were
72.000 tons Wheat and 17,»00 tons Barley, mak-
a total for the first 11 months of the crop year
oflB9S-960f 1,732,610 tons Wheat, 253,100 tons
Barley and 100,000 Grain Bags.
STOCKS OF GRAIN.
Produce Exchange Grain Inspector Abel reports
stocks of Grata in Call Board warehouses June
1 as follows, in tons:
______ WHKAT- --
1 Port Costa, j Stockton. ; City.
Mavl 39~710 I 28.216 1,672
j ei:::::::::: alMs I 20,983 1,137
Barley. Oats. I Corn. I Bran.
' . ■ I
May 1 I 2/762 4,184 2,1«2 74 ;
Anriiij::::::::.": »:i9»! 3,006 2,412 «
~~The receipts In May were 11,319 tons Barley,
1256 do Oats, 1-92 do Corn and 1665 do Bran.
CANNED SALMON TRADE.
The Catting Packing Company's circular says of
canned salmon: "Trade in spot slock is very quiet
and supply light. An active trade has been done
in futures of Red Alaska, and all packers, includ
ing the Alaska Packers' Association, are reported
as having made engagements for all that may be
packed of this variety. All of these sales have
been made in blocks of large-sized parcels, com
prising entire brands, and have been purchased by
imrties in the trade who do a large distributive
business, -.••in- demand has also been apparent
for futures of low grade stock of Alaska and Puget-
Sound packing and some business done, and ,
the prevalence of smaller Incomes among con
sumers is stronaly evidenced by the Increased de
maud for all kinds of lower-priced food products '
and of ft much inferior quality to what was in re
quest a few years since. No new stock of varieties
referred to above can be looked for until late in
August or early ember next.
"Reports from the Columbia River are that the ,
situation there is unchanged and the ideas of
packers and fishermen as to the value of raw fish
are still far apart and but little, packing yet done;
estimate of packing to a late date. 20.000 cases on i
the entire river, as against 75.000 cases at cor
responding date last year, with but few fish in the
river, and conditions at thai time such as do im- j
mediate run might be reasonably expected: still ,
with this light pack, demand for the higher priced, i
though superior quality of fish from this river, is
or small proportions and confined to the strictly
first-class trace, th;». is not so particular as to cost, '
provided flavor and appearance are satisfactory; ;
the coiner grocery and country s ore trade do not j
handle It to any appreciable extent. We have no :
news as yet of any packing having been done in
British Columbia."
Explanation.
The arrow flies with ths- wind. The Top flgurtt
at station lndicuu- maximum tempr-ranir* for the
lays: those underneath it. if any, the amount Of
rainfall, of melted snow in Inches and hundredth*,
during the past twelve hours. Isobars, or solid
llß.es. connect points of equal air pressure; iso
therms, or dotted lines, equal temperature. Ihe
word "h'Kh" means hUh 1 arnmetric pressure and
Is usnally ar-romi'tinied by fairweathfi: "low"
i-t s to low pressure, and is nunally preceded
and acron.p.mied by c'f'U'ly weatheraud rains.
"Lows" usually first appeal on the Washington
coast. Wh> a :hp pr. ss.re is high in the intenoi
and low aioi'g the coast, and the isobars extend
north and south along the coa>t. rain is probable;
but when the "low" Is inclosed with Isobars of
marked curvature, rain south of Oregon is improb
able. With a "high" in the vie niy of Idaho, and
the pressure tailing to the* alifornla coast, warmer
weather may t,t- expected in summer aud colder
Weather in winter, i'he reverse of these conditions
Will produce an opposite result.
H'KATHKR BII'.KAU KEI'OIII
■ United States Dkpabtkest op . AGRrcuiy ;
TUBE, U'KATHEK BUBEAU, SAN Fbaxcisco, June j
1, 1896, 5 p. m.— Weather conditions and general
forecast :
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to date :
as compared with those of samp date last season: :
Eureka 51.70, last season 46.33'; Re.l Bluff '22.43, 1
last season 29.71; Ban Francisco 21.25, last sea- ;
son 25.70: Fresno 8.16, last season 14.67: San
I.'ii-, obispo 17.70. las) season 26.04: Los Angeles
9.35, last season 16.10; San Diego 5.92, last sea- 1
son 12.20; '1 lima .88, last season 3.01.
The following maximum temperatures are re
ported from slatlons in California to-day:
Eureka 56. Bed Bluff <>, San Francisco 67, ■
Fresno 92, san Luis ouispo 68, Los Angeles 78, i
San Diego 64, Yuma 10'—
San Francisco data— Maximum temperature 67, 1
(mom 47. mean .V.!.
The pressure Is highest this evening along the
"Washington coast, and lowest in the platean region ■
between the ■ errasand Rocky Mountains. Occa
sional showers and thunderstorms have occurred
from Eastern Washington eastward throughout
Idaho and Montana; elsewhere the weather has
been fair or partly cloudy.
Conditions are somewhat threatening throughout
Northern California and thence eastward toward
Nevada and Utah, and shower* will probab'y oc- |
cur in the mountain and foothill regions of these 1
Stales during the next twenty-four hours, but rain
is improbable in the valleys, especially in Califor
nia.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty hours,
ending midnight. Monday, June 2, 1896.
Northern California— Partly clondy and some
what threatening weather to-night and Tuesday.
but generally without rain; brisk westerly winds I
aiong the coast.
Southern California — Fair except cloudy and
foggy Tuesday morning along the coast; probably j
■lightly cooler in the extreme east portion; fresh i
r.esterly winds.
Nevada— Cloudy with ra!n in elevated sections of I
uorth portion Tuesday; somewhat cooler la north
east portion.
I. tali— showers in nor h portion; probably fair In j
south portion Tuesday; cooler.
Arizona— Generally fair Tuesday.
San Francisco and vlcinltv— Partly cloudy Tues
day morning, followed by fair; brisk to high west- J
erly winds in the afternoon.
\V. H. Hammon, Forecast Official.
NEW YORK )l.\i;kl.h,
Financial.
>'FW YORK, N. V., June I.— The stock mar
ket started off with every promise of increased
activity and a higher range of prices. The bulls :
were greatly encouraged by the receipt of better |
prices from London as well as a number of buy- |
ing orders from that center. Cable advices were 10
the effect that the foreigners were more disposed
to take hold of Americans on account of the inter
view given by J. l'ierpopt Morgan In London on
Friday, in which he gave assurances that which- '
ever party secured the Presidential election would
Dave to do so upon the gold standard. London,
according to competent authorities, purchased
fully 10.000 shares of St. Paul, Louisville and !
Nashville and other stocks here to-day.
A belief that Congress will adjourn this week In- I
FINANCIAL.
CHICAGO GRAIN, PROVISIONS
AND NEW YORK STOCKS.
WHEELOCK & CO.;
4 Leldesdorff.St., Tel. Main 1054.
.. BRANCH OFFICK ■■} I
623 Market St.. Palace Hotel. Tel. Main 6828. |
. .1. S."l'Ultl>Y,. Manager.
Orders instantly executed on latest market quo-
tations. Reference Ist National Bank, S. F.
CHICAGO. .PRIVATE WIRE.' JNMSW YORK. j
duced local operators to make new ventures on the
bull side of the account. Another favorable factor
was the small engagement of >;o:d for shipment to
Europe, only $600,000 being ordered at the sub
treasury. The depository banks paid Into the sub
treasury to-day something like $2,000,000 on oond
account. There still remains a balance of $4,500,
-000 with these banks. The good news referred to
led to a strong and confident operating, prices
rising iv« to % per cent right through the list.
Business was on a moderately large scale this
morning, but before midday trading fell off material
ly and prices began to sag. In the early rise Sugar,
the Grangers, Internationals. Tennessee, Coal and
Iron were the most prominent. In the afternoon
dealings Tobacco ran off about a point and the gain
in the general list previously noted was partially
lost. The Grangers were firmer than the other
railways on reports of a heavy corn movement.
Sugar was not influenced by the reduction in the
prices of refined sugar and closed firm in tone. Net
changes show advances of Vi@ s A PP er cent
Tobacco, Manhattan. Missouri Pacific and
Northwest lost 1 4(0.34 per cent. In the inactive
shares Minnesota and St. Louis declined 2 to l<y a .
Total sales were 76,900 shares.
Bonds were quiet and firm. The total sales were
$925,000. Chicago gas fivesro* ■ Ito 93: Hoc-kin?
Valley consolidated fives, Ito S5y 8 : Texas Pacific
seconds, y2y 2 to 22; St. Louis and San Francisco
consolidated fours after advancing 1 to 25, re
turned to 24.
In Government bonds $26,000 coupon fours of
1925 sold at 1163/ 82;8 2 ; $5,000,000 do registered at
1163,4; $2000 coupon fives and $2000 do regis
tered fives at 112yg.
Grain.
FLOUR— Weak: Winter wheat, low grades,
$1 70: do fair to fancy. $2 40; do patents, $3 70:
Minnesota clear, $2 45: do straits, $2 95; do
patents, $3 45; low extras, $1 70; city mills,
$4 05: do patents, $4 20: rye mixture, $2 50;
superfine, $1 96: fine, $1 70. Southern flour, dull,
easy ; common to. fair extra, $2 20; good do, $2 80:
Rye flour quiet; easy; $2 40.
CORNMEAL-Quiet, steady: yellow Western,
$2 05: Brandywine, $2 10.
RYE— Nominal; No. 2 Western. 4iy 4 @41%c.:
State, 45c.
BARLEY— Ungraded. Western. 39@41c,
BARLEY MALT— Quiet: Western. 48@53c.
WHEAT— Fairly active, weaker; f. o. b., 72y 8 c
to arrive; ungraded red, 63@73c; No. 1 Nortnern,
66Vic.
Options were fairly active and closed weak at
13 8 (gl5/ 8 c decline, on easier cables, foreign selling,
weak West, fine weather and local liquidation.
July and September most active. No. 2 red, June,
635/gc; July, 6314 c: August, tJ2%c; September,
6- %c: December, 64 %c.
Stocks of grain, store and afloat, May 30;
Wheat, 2,080,611; Corn, 1,551,142; Oats, 1.51),
-632: Rye, 82,850; Barley, 1609; Malt, 122,000;
peas, 819.
CORN— DuII, weaker; No. 2, 33c, elevator; S4c
afloat.
Options closed weak at s/ g @y 3 c decline, follow
ing the West and on increased supplies. July
and September most active. June, S3c; July,
33Vs c : September 34 % c; October, 355/ c
I 'A IS— More active; weaker.
Options dull, lower. July, 22% c.
Spot prices: No. 2, 22y»@223i0; No. 2 white,
24y 3 c; No. 2 Chicago, 231,4923340; No. 3, 2iy c;
No. 3 white, 23y 8 c: mixed Western, 23ya(<£24ViC;
white do and white State, 25(§/28c
FEED BRAN—
MIDDLINGS— 60@65c
RYE— Feed. 60c.
Provisions.
BEEF— DuII, steady: extra mess, $6@7: beef
hams, inactive, $14 60: tierced Deef, stronger,
better demand; city extra India mess, $ll@i2;
cut meats, dull, easy: pickled bellies, 12 pounds,
41 6 c: do shoulders, 414 c: do hams, 9@QVzC.
LARD— DuII, lower; Western steam, s4 30: city,
$4; July. $4 40; Refined, easier, continent, $4 65;
South American, $5 16: compound, 4@4S/ g c.
PORK— Steady; old mess, $B@B 50; new mess,
$8 75©9 25.
BUTTER— Steady, fair demand: State dairy,
I R@lsc: do creamery. ll@15yoC; Western dairy,
lie; do creamery, 11@15%; do held, 9@llc: do
factory, s><iilOV2«-"; -Kleins, 13yaC; Imitation cream
ery. lU' iC
(II KK-E— Quiet, unsettled; sta' large, new,
si£@BS4c; do small, new, 4@7i/ic; part skims,
2@4-V^c; full skims, iy2@2c.
KGUS— Fairly active, firm; State and Pennsyl
vania, 12@12y 3 c: Western fresh, ll(a,12y 3 c; do,
per case, $2@2 85.
TALLOW— nominal; city, 3y 8 c; country,
s@3y B e.
COTTONSEED OlL— Dull, weak; crude, 19c:
yellow prime, 24c; do off grades, 24c
RESIN-Qulet, steady; strained, common to
good, $1 80(a.l 80.
TURPENTINE— Quiet, steady: 26@26y 3 c
POTATOES— Choice new, firm, active.
RlCE— Quiet, steady; Domestic fair to extra,
Sa6&4C; Japan, 4(3.414.-.
MOLASsES— steady, quiet; New Orleans open
Kettle, pood to choice, 27@37c
COFFEE— steady. 20 points np to 5 points
down; July. $11 45: August, $10 95; September,
$10 60: October, $10 25; December. $10 10:
March, $10 05. Spot Rio, dull, steady; No. 7,
131/4 C.
SUGAR— Raw. dull, steady: fair refining 3S/ S c;
centrifugals. 96 test., 33'8 C: refined, quiet, yy 8 c
lower; No. 6, 4y2c; No. 1, 4 7-lBc: No. h, 4*/ c;
No 9 and No. 10. 41,4; No. 11. 4 3-16; No. 12,
4y 8 c; No. 13, 4 1-I8c; off a, 4 9-16^,4»/ 4 c: mold
A, 53. g c; standard A, 01/s 0 - confectioners' A,
I sc; cut, loaf, 51,4 c: crusned, 5%c; powdered,
6 7-16 C; granulatea, 5y 8 c; cubes, 53 /B e.
Fruit and Produce.
CALIFORNIA FRUITS
ALMONDS AND WALNUTS— None.
APRICOTS— Bags, 8y 3 (»10c.
PEACHES— PeeIed, ft fi>, 12®13c; do impeded,
6%ffiSe.
PRUNES— 4@Sc.
RAISINS— Two-crown, loose Muscatel, 3@3i,4c;
do crown, 4@4ysC: do four-crown, 4V 2 (issc;
do London layer.s."sot(g;si.
BO PS-State, common to choice, 2^iaßc: Pacific
Coast, 2%@2%l
WOOL— Active, steady; domestic fleece, 15@21c;
; pulled, 16(&33c; Texas, 7@l2c.
Merchandise.
PIG IRON — Moderate demand; American,
1 *10 75@13.
COPPER-Quiet: lake. $11 40@ll 75.
LEAD— DuII; domestic, *3@3 02%.
TIN-Dull: straits. *13 5O&13 60.
i PLATES— Moderately active.
BPELTEK-Dull; domestic. $4.
CHICAGO MARKETS.
CHICAGO, lix., June The hopes of bulls on
wheat this morning centered in the anticipation
) that the visible supply would show a liberal de
; crease, but the first returns posted were disap
pointing and the market quickly succumbed to
weakness. The opening was firm and slightly
I higher, a fact which was rather gratifying to short
j sellers, as it enabled them to put out their wheat
I at a more remunerative figure than they otherwise
; could have done. Receipts at Chicago this morn
> ing were seventeen cars and 70,250 bushels were
taken from store. The Northwest had 818 cars
: for three da s. The final result on the visible sup
ply was a decrease of but 958,000 bushels. Liver
pool cables were quiet and steady.
The principal weakening factor of the market
! to-day was a report that the < trance Judd Farmer
estimated the crop at 320,000,000 bushels winter
: and 180,000,000 bushels spring wheat. There was
little strength to the market at any time, and
I when after a fraotional rally did occur it was met
with free selling by those who were placing the
■ report mentioned tor its accuracy. The amount
i on ocean pa-<sa.;e decreased 880.000 bushels, and
I the English visible supply 1,130,000 bushels. The
world's shipments for last week aggregated 5,584.
-1 000 bushels. Export clearances were large at
ft 15,336 bushels. Closing continental cables ir
regular. July wheat opened from 58c@58 1 ,4. de
; clined to 56c. closing at 56 1 1 /4<-\ l%c@l3,ic
under Friday. Estimated receipts for to-morrow
: 40 cars.
CORN*— Opened with an uncertain feeling, the
tendency being rather in favor of a decline. Re
! ceipts, which were very heavy— B9o cars arrived —
■ were the principal detrimental consideration.
' When wheat weakened that contributed additional
i emphasis to the eas/ tone of corn. Withdrawals
i fro store were '224, bushels. Liverpool cables
were quiet and steady. The visible supply In
creased 915,000 bushels, and the amount on
oc'an passage 80,000 bushels. Export clearances
were heavy at 515,636 bushels. July corn opened
at 27% c. sold between 28ft£J8ygc and 27Vic clos
, ing at the inside 3/ g (g,i^e under Friday. Estimated
• receipts for tomorrow 120i> cars.
'. OATS— Were moderntelv active with more of a
j disposition among operators to sell. This was in
: accord with the tone of the other markets, and
not for any independent reason. Receipts were
317 cars, and 180,000 bushels were taken from
store. The visible supply increase! 688.000
! bushels. Export clearan.es were 370,558 bushels.
July oats closed 3/ B ra,i/jc under Friday. Estimated
i receipts for to morrow 1000 cars. '
: FLAX— Was weak. Cash, 8iy 2 @B?i6c: July,
I 81c; September. SU^'gSSc. Receipts, 35 cars.
' PROVISIONS— An extraordinarily heavy run
: of hogs at the yarns with an attendant break in
1 prices at that place gave provisions their motive
; this morning. Prices were weak, and the demand
was not equal to the task of absorbing the offer
; Inzs. The weakness of grain exercised an adv.-i-se
influence in product. July pork closed 15c under
I Friday, July lard 10c lower, and July ribs 12y 2 c
lower.
BUTTER— The butter market was fairly active
and steady to-day. The demand, especially for tine
I makes, was eood. Creameries— Extras, 15c; firsts,
I 14@14y4C: seconds, 10@13c: initiations, fancy.
11&13 C. Dairies— Extras, l^fglUc: firsts, 10(&
lie; seconds. 9c. Ladles— Extras, 0(g,10c; firsts,
B@BiAc; packing stock, 7c.
&GOB— Firm and prices were a shade better. Re
ceipts were moderate and the demand brisk. Fresh
stock, 10@10V 2 c ft dozen.
MONK V— Was 6% on call and 6@7% on time
loans. New York exchange sold at $1 premium.
: Cloning Prices.
WHEAT— June. 55y V, July, 55V8@56y 4 c; Sep
-1 tember, 66% c.
COKN-June. 26%0; July, 27y a c; September,
285/ c.
OATS— JuIy, 17y 2 @176/8C; September, 17%@
i 18c
: PORK— July, «6 85: September. $7 05.
LAUD— $4 12y 2 ; September, *4 27%.
Rlßb— July, $3 65; September, $3 80.
Livestock.
UNION STOCKYARDS, lv.'. June 1.-The re
j ceipts of cattle to-day were about as expected,
and th« sale was good. Prices averaged steady,
although a shade advance was reported In light
steers. ' The run of . hogs was enormous and
swamped the market. Prices were weak and 10@
j lac lower. Sheep and lambs were in sharp de-
I mand, and prices advanced ICfa.iiOc.
CATTLE — Receipts, 1 4.000. Fancy beeves,
?4 20©4 35; choice to prime. 1300 to 1700 pound
I fitters, . $4(<il 20: good to choice steers. 1200
I to 1600 pounds, $3 75(al 00: medium steers, 1000
1 to J8.)0 pounds. $3 60&3 70; common to fair steers.
i 950 to 1400 pounds. $3 35(a>3 55: choice feeders!
i 900 to 1200 pounds. $3 60@3 90: common to choice
I BtocKers. $2 hO(a>3 50; . Dulls, ■ choice to
I extra. $2 90@3 25: bulls, poor 10 choice. 32 Of ha)
2 75; cowsand heifers, extra. $3 60@3 95: cows,
12 75; cows and heifers, extra. $3 common to
fair to choice, *>2 40@3 50: cows, common to fair,
fl 60@2 35; calves, good to choice, $4 60©
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JUNE 2, 1896.
6 26: calves, common to good. $3 25Q4 60; Texas
grass steers, $2 li.'ncili 35: Texas fed steers. $3 1 10
©4 00; Texas cows ana bulls, $2 30@3 25; milkers
aim springers, per head, $20@35.
HOGS— Receipts, 54,000. Heavy packing ana
shipping lots, $2 90(53 lb". common to choice
mixed, *2 l.") (a. 3 25; choice assorted, $3 25(3
3 35; light, $3 0503 40; pigs, $2 50@3 35.
SHEEP— Receipts. 16.000. Inferior to cholo*,
$2 60(&4 10; lambs, $3 50»5 15.
CALIFORNIA FRUIT BALES.
CHICAGO, 111., June I.— The Earl Fruit Com
pany sold California fruit at open auction to-day,
realizing prices as follows: Royal Anne cherries,
$1 66 per box; Centennial. $1 20@l 75; Tar
tarian, $1 20i'ail 70; Pontiac, $1 65; Rockport,
$1 40; Bigarreail, $1 05@l 30.
Porter Bros. Company sold at open auction to
day California fruit at the following prices:
Cherries— Royal Anne, $1 blt@l 75: Tartariaus,
$I@l 75; Centennials, $1 40®l 70; May Du^es,
$17 Apricots— Burr Seedlincs, $1 10.
NEW YORK, N. V., June I.— The Earl Fruit
Company sold iruit at open auctiou io-day, realiz
ing the following prices: Centennial cherries,
$1 85(q,l 90 p-r box: Black Tartarian, $1 20®
1 (I,); ilockport, $185: Black Bigarreau, $1 Oft(g>
1 35; Royal Anne, $1 35; Governor Wood, $1 Ofi®
130: Purity, $130; May Duke, 9Sc@sl; Eagle,
80c@i(il 10. Pringle Apricots, $1 '/o(ai 60.
Poner Brothers Company sold at open auction
to-day California fruit at the following prices:
Cherries— Royal Anne, $1 :-15fd;3 35; Tartarian,
$I(*2 35; r.ockports, $1 SO(at\ 50: Purity, $1 10;
Belie Crowns, ?1 10; Eagles 70crai$l 05; Bigar
reaus, 90c. Apricots— Royals, $'2~90: Seedlings,
$ - J 90; l'ringles, $1 25®1 75; Burr Seedliugs, $1.
Plums— Cherrj' plums, 80c per 10-pound box.
>i.\\ »>•,., v > hicks.
Bonds, Exchange, Money and Railroad
Share*.
Money on call easy at \Vt®~'{: l**t loan at 2%;
and closing ottered at 2 _ Prime mercantile
paper, 4 V3@5%. Bar silver, tißi,4a Mexican dollars.
631/ic- bteriing exchange quiet steady, with actual
business in bankers' bills at $4 S7V«(2H &7 S A for 60
days and 94 88ya@l4 88% for demand. Posted >
rates, $4 BS($4 8& Commercial bills, $4 Bti" 4 .« ;
@4 87. Government bonds dull; btate bond* :
neglected; railroad bonds firm. Silver at the board |
was quiet.
CLOSING STOCKS.
Am Tel & Cable.... 92 Norfolk & Westrn. 1%
Atchisou ISVfe Preferred. 7%
Preferred 22% Northern Pacific. 6
Adams Express... .l 49 Preferred. 15%
Alton, Terre Haute 66 Northwestern .105y» 1
American Expressll4 Preferred... 148V 3
American Tobacco. 66ViN. Y. Central 96y a 1
Preferred 99% N.Y.,Chicago<fcS.L. 12% I
Bay State Gas 28 Ist preferred 76 j
Baltimore & Ohio., It* VSd preferred 89 1
Brunswick Lands.. %N. Y.&N.H 175% i I
Buffalo, Roch AP. 25 N. Y. <fc New Eng. 46 1
Canada Pacific 62y 2 N. V., Susq & W. . . >• %
Canada Southern.. 60% Preferred 24
Canton Land 60 Ontario 13
Central Pacific 14 Ontario & Western 14%
Ches. & Ohio its/s Oregon Improvmnt 1
Chicago Alton 167% i Preferred
Preferred 370 Oregon Navigation 14
Chicago, B. & Q.... 78 Oregon Short Line. 5
Chicauo* E. 111... 41 Pacific Mail 25Vi >
Preferred 97 Peoria, D. <fc Evans 1
ChlcagoGas 677/ Pittsburg & W. pfd 15
Cleveit Pktsburg..l63 Pullman Palace.. 159
Consolidation Coal. Quicksilver. 1
Consolidated Ga5.. 156%l Preferred. 14
C. C. C. & St. Louis 33» Reading 10s/ 8 |
Preferred 82 RioGrande&Westn 15 1
Colo. Fuel & iron.. 28% ; Preferred 40
Preferred 100 nock Island 70y
Cotton Oil Cert .... 11% Rome WHt&Ogaen.ll4%
Commercial Cable. 160 St. L. &S. W 4V 2
Dei. Hudson 124% Preferred 10% !
Del. Lack* Westrn 160 St. Paul 771/4
Denver <fc R. G 12V 2 Preferred. 127y* ,
Preferred.. 4hi4St. Paul & Duluth. 23
Distillers 17%; Preferred 85
General Electric... 34 St. Paul «fe Omaha. 43%
Erie 14%; Preferred. 124
Preferred .. 36 SU P. M. &M. 112
Fort Wayne 168% silver Certificates. 681/4
Great Northern pfdllb Southern Pacific... IB
Green Bay y»Southern R. R 9S/
Harlem 296 i Preferred 29y 4
Hocking Coal 2y 4 Sugar Refinery — 1237/8 ■ ,
Hocking Valley.... 16% Preferred 10iy 8 !
Homestake. 32 |Term. Coal & Iron. 36» /g
H. <fe Texas Cent... I Preferred 100 <
Illinois Central 93 Texas Pacific 8
lowa Central....... By Tol.A.A.&N.Mich.
Preferred 3214T01. & Ohio Cent... 32
Kansas Texas... 1114 Preferred 70
Preferred 24%Tol.SuLouis«tK,C. 6
Kingston <t Pern... 3 i Preferred 6
Lake Erie <t Westn 18 [Union Pacific 76/ 8 j
Preferred......... 71 y*iU. P. Den & Gulf.. 3y 8 ;■
Lake Shore 150 U. & Cordage 6y 4 1
National Lead 243/4 Preferred lOVi
Preferred 87%' Guaranteed "0 1 /*
Long Island 79 U. S. Express 40
Louisville* Nash. 50%'u. S. Leather 9
Louisville. Na& Ch 9 I Preferred......... 643,4
Preferred. 20 U. a Rubber 2iy ;
Manhattan Consol. 103% Preferred 81
Memphis & Charls. 16 Utica AB. River. .160
Mexican Central... 9% Wab. S. L. & Pac.. 7
Michigan Central.. 96% Preferred 17S/ 8 i
Minn S. L. |Wells-Fargo 92
Preferred.... •— — Western Union 85%
Minn & St. L com. Wisconsin Central. 1
Ist preferred 79 Wheeling &L. E.. 9%
2d preferred 47% Preferred. 35
Missouri Pacific.. 243/ g Am Cotton Oil pfd. 51 S A :
Mobile* Ohio 19%; W. U. Beef 7%
Nashville & Chatt. 68 |Ann Arbor
National Linseed.. 16 Preferred
N. J. Central 105 Brooklyn Traction. 2*y a ,
North American... 6% Erie 2d pfd 20
CXOSINQ BONDS.
U 8 4s, registered.. 108 MX T 2ds 68%
coupon 110 \ Do 4s 83%
V S 4s new, regstrdll6%'Mutual Union 65.. .114
Do 4s, coupon llby 2 J Cent Gen 55. ..114% .
Do .2s 94% ; Northern Pac lsts.H7y 8
Do 5s 1131/1 Do2ds 115
lofts, coupon 113% Do 3ds 74
Cherokee 4s, 1896. Northwest Consols.l3B
Do 1887 100 Do deb 5s .105
Do 1898 10.1 OR&Nlsts. 110% }
Do 1899 100 StL*lronMt(ienss 80 '
Pacific -is of '95.... St ii & S F Gen 68.112
DC 3-6 5s St Paul C0n5015.... 131% i
Ala Class A4s 109*4 PC& Pa lsts.. .118
Do Class 84, 65.. 106 , Do Pac Cal lsts..lll
LaCdnsol4s 98 Southern R R 65... 93% I
Missouri funding... Texas Pacific lsts. 88% ]
N Carolina con 65.. 121 Texas Pacific 2«15. . 22
Do 4s 105% Union I'ac lsts '96.104
So Carolina 4%5... 106 West Shore 45......106V4 !
Term new 3s 84 Mobile A Ohio 45.. 66%
Va funding debt... 61% KGrandeWest Ists 76
Do registered Ches & Onio 55. ...107% ,
Do deferred 65... 5 Atchlson 4s 791/8
Do trust rcpts St. 7 Do '.ids A... ... . 42
Canada sou:h2ds..lo4y G H*BA 6s .. 105
Ceu Pac lsts of '95.102 | Do2d7s 100 ■
Den AP. G I 5t..... 112 iH * Tex Cent 65.. 109
Do4s 92 Doconßs 102
Erie 66 Reading 4s 79%
Kansas Pa Consols 75 Missouri 6a. 100
Ks Pa lsts Den divll3%
FOKEItiN 31AKKKT3.
WHEAT IN LIVERPOOL.
LIVERPOOL, Enq.. June L— The spot market
Is quiet at 6s 4d@ss sd. Cargoes dull and weak
at 27s sellers, prompt shipment.
FUTURES.
The Produce Exchange cable gives the following
Liverpool quotations for No. 2 Red Winter: June,
5s % I; July, 5s %d: August, 6s %d; September,
6s %d; October, bs %d. s
SECURITIES.
LONDON. Eko.. June 1. — Consols. 113 1-16«
sliver. 31 3-16 d; French Rentes, lOlf 50c.
EXCHANGK AND BULLION.
Sterling F.xchange, 60 days — $4 88%
Sterling Exchange, sight.... — 4 89%
Sterling Cables.... — 4 90
New York, Exchange, sight — 12%
New Yor.k Exchange, telegraphic — 16
Fine Silver, %* ounce.... ....... — 68%
Mexican Dollars..' 64% b4%
♦
PRODUCE MARKET.
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT— Exports- from this port In May were
355,143 ctls, valued at $404,348, making total ex
ports thus far this year of 9,634,433 ctls, valued at
$10,013,604.
Futures are lower and spot Wheat is weak and
very dull. No. 1. $1 02y @l 03%; choice, $1 05
'{' ell: lower grades. $l@il 06; extra choice for
milling, $1 1001 17% ft ctL
CALL. BOARD BALKS.
Informal Session — 10 o'clock — December—
600 tons, 97% c: 1700, 975/ 8 c; 100. «7%c.
liKcioi-Ait ,iidbmx« Skssion — December— loo
tons,97s/ 8 c; 200, 97% c; 1600,976/ c: 1-00, 97% c
aftkrsoox skssiiix — December — 100 tons,
975/ 8 c; 200. 97% c; 200, 97'/ B e.
BARLEY-Stocks Increased 2436 tons in May,
as will be seen above. Feed is weaker and the
market Is dull at the decline. Feed, 70@71%0 "s*
ctl: choice, 72y a Brewing, 77y ®85c
CALL BOARD HALHS.
Informal Sesnion— lo o'clock— No sales.
Regular Mousing Session— No Sales.
Afternoon skssion— No sales.
OATS— Stocks decreased 1178 tons in May. The
market continues firm at the advance. Milling
are quotable at 2@87y2C2 @87y2C 'Pctl; fancy Feed,
87y ®30c * ctl: good to choice. 82y @87y 3 C;
common to fair,7s(&Boc: Gray,77y 2 @B6c; surprise,
/2 c®Bl ft ctl. ■-:■■ ■■'..■ • .
CORN— No change to report. Stocks increased
250 tons in May. • Large Yellow, 87y a @90c * ctl;
Small hound do, 97.y 2 c: White, &o@Bsc %* ctl.
RYE— 7s@77%c Tfi ct.l.
BUCKWHEA'i— 85@90c * CtU
FLOUR AND MILXSTUFFS.
FLOOR— Net cash prices are: Family extras,
83 76@3 85 ft bbl: Bakers' extras, $3 65@3 65;
Bupertine, *2 7f)(g)3.
COKNMKAI,. KTC— Feed Corn, fl9 60@20;
Cracked Corn, $20 60®-' 1 ft ton.
MlLLSTUFFS— l'rices in 10-R> sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: (>raham Flour,
2%c; Rye Flour. 3 Vic: Rice Flour. 7VjC: Corn
meal, 2»4@3c; extra cream do. 3«>c; Oatmeal,
S»4c; Oat Uroats, 4VaC; Hominy. 4(*4V2C; BucS
wheat Flour, 4c; Cracked Wheat, 2 c; Farina,
4V 3 c; Whole Wheat Flour, 3c; Rolled Oats, 4V a c;
Pearl Barley, 4y a c: spilt, Peas, 4 c; Ureeu do,
6y4Cftlb. -•-. ■ ■ ;;
HAY AND FEEDSTUFFS.
BRAN-$16@16 60 $ ton.
MIDDLINGS— 60@17 30 V ton : for lower
grades and ?18@19 1* ton for the best. /
FEEDSTUFFS — Rolled "Barley, $16@16 50;
Oilcake Meal at the mill, $20 $ ton; jobbing, $21;,
Cottonseed Oilcake, $21 •# ton.. ; :■■■-■•■■
HAY — New Wheat and Oat brought $8 60 and
New Barley and Oat $7 ft ton. , Wheat, ,$8(all 50
ft ton: Oat, $7(iu9 V ton: Wheat and Oat. $8@11;
Barley, *7@B 50: Alfalfa, «7@9; Clover, ?ti@7 60:
Compressed Oat, $6 50@8; Compressed Wheat, *7
©10 60; Stock, $6@7 ft ton. . ...
bTR_W-30;f1,50c If, bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
BEANS— Bayos quotable at 90c@?l $ ctl; Small
Whites, $1 25@1 40 ctl; Pea, $1 25@1 45
H ctl: Large Whites. $101 15 * ctls; Pink,
90c<a$l; Reds. $1 25; Elackeye. $1 40^11 85;
Red" Kidney, $1 60@l 65; Limas, $2 60@2 75;
Butters, $1 40@l 60 for small and $1 25@1 50 for
large. '
•SEEDS— Brown Mustard Is 'quotable at .$l5O
@3 25 $ ctl; Trieste, $2@2 50 %i ctl; Yel
low Mustard, $1 40@l 50; Flax, $170@180; Ca
nary, '23/4 C■# lb; Alfalfa, 7y a @9y2C ' %l *•' Rape,
2%c* lb; Hemp, 31-.C 1A lb.
DRIED PEAS— SI 25@1 40 *cU for Nlles and
$1 25@1 46 for Green. : ,i - : -. : '•:
POTATOES, ONIONS, VEGETABLES.
POTATOES— New Potatoes in sacks, 75c@$l 16;
new Early Rose in boxes from the River, $I@l 25;
new Garnet Chiles, $1 15@1 20: New Burbank
Seedlings, $1 60: Oregon Burbanks, 60@85c '■$> ctl;
Early Rose, 60@76c; Pctaluma and Tomales, 60®
70i- 1?. ctl; Ilumooldt Burbanks. 65@75c %4 ctl.
ONIONS— Are steailler at 25®S7i/2C V ctl.
VEGETABLES— Arrivals were 919 boxes As
paragus, (i 5 boxes Rhubarb and 560 sacks Peas.
Almost all descriptions were lower.
Alameda Summer squash, — : Los Angeles Sum
mer Squash, 75c(g.?l f> box: Egg Plant, 10c IS* Ib;
Los Angeles Tomiitoes, ?1 75(<£2 25 f< box: Cucum
bers, 60c@$l T& dozen; Asparagus, 40c(oi$l 1* box
for ordinary and $1 25@1 V 5 for extra: Rhubarb,
75c@f 1 25; Dried Peppers, 7^i9c: Green Peppers,
12Vii@16<: «( tt>; Greeu Peas, sO(ii7sc ft sk for com
mon and $1 for Garden; string Bonus, 1* tb for
Los Angeles and ti^a^c Q) for Winters; Horse
Beans, Ss@soc %>, sack; Dried Okra, ivy 3 c; Cab
bage, 45® 50c %l ctl; Garlic, 4® sc 1* lb.
BUTTER, CHEESE AND EGGS.
BUTTER— Beyond increased offerings of cheap
Butter there is nothing new.
Creamery — Fancy, 14@14y 2 c; seconds, 13®
13y 2 c * It.
Dairy— Fancy, IS"?; good to choice, 12@12%c;
lower grades, ll@ll%c.
CHEESE— Fancy m!'d mm I*,1 *, 6y 2 @7c: common to
good. s@6c V lb; Cream Cheddar, 10@llc; Young
America, B@9c % tb; Western, 10@Ilc; Eastern,
r-'@l3%c.
E(JGS— No change to report. Eastern Eggs, 11®
12c$; Store Eggs, ll@ll%c: ranch Eggs, 12%
@14c; Duck Eggs, 14(0)1 5c %4 dOZ.
POULTRY AND GAME.
POULTRY— NominaI. A car of Eastern Is ex
pected to-day.
Live Turkeys are quotable at 13@16c $ Ik for
Gobblers, 12@1 3c for Hens: Geese, V pair, $1®
1 25; Ducks, $3@4 for old and $4<q)b for young:
Hens, $3 50@4 50; Roosters, young, $7 50@9; do,
old, $4@4 50; Fryers, $6@6 60; Broilers. $4@sfor
large and $2@3 for small; Pigeons, (1 26@1 50 %i
doz for young and old.
GAME— Is not quotable. . • .'.
I»ECIDI'OUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
ORCHARD FRUlTS— Arrivals of Cherries were
2019 boxes, selling at 60<a85c for White; 60@85c
?» box for Black and 75c@$l 16 for Royal Anne.
Cherries in bulk, sya@7cy a @7c %i 1b for White, 6@7c for
Black and 9c for Royal ATines. The market is
very stiff.
The first Peaches of the season came in from
Vacavitie and Winters and brought ?2 and $1 50
%i box respectively.
The n'rst Plums came in from Wintersand were
quoted at $I@l 25 ?! box.
Cherry Plums, 50(aJ75c 1* box.
Green Apples, w f box.
Green Pears, 40@50c 1* box.
Figs from Yuma, neglected and nominal.
Prlnple Apricots sold at 40c@$l 25 ?! box, 318
boxes coming in.
BERRlES— Receipts of Strawberries were 124
chests, selling at $10@13 ?i chest for Longworths
and $7@9 for large berries.
Gooseberries. 20@25c %i drawer and 3c 9 lb in
sacks for small and 25@30c %* drawer and ay a c %i
lb In bulk for large.
Raspberries, f( drawer; Newcastle Raspber
ries, $l(gjl 25 ?i crate.
No Blackberries from Southern California.
Currants, — ¥» chest for interior and $3@5 for
good to choice.
CITRUS FRUITS— Lemons are weaker under
lnrj;er receipts. Limes continue firm, (irances. 76c
<asl 60 for Seedlings, $3@4 for Navels, $1 60(a;2 50
for Malta Bloods and $1 25«£2 25 for Mediter
ranean Sweets; Lemons, 76cfg>#l 60 for common
aud $2@3 for good to choice: Mexican Limes, $6
i'Ui 50: California Limes, sl >• bx; Bananas, $1(3,
- Pineapples, $3^6 '<p dozen.
DRIED FRUITS, RAISINS, NUTS, ETC.
DRIED FRUITS-The following prices rule on
the Fruit Exchange:
Carload Lots— Apples, 1 1 4®2c V Ib for quar
tereu. 2c for sliced and 4 v !'■ n: for evaporated:
Peaches, 3@sc and 6c for fancy; Apricots, 6V,(i6
8c for prime to choice, 9c for fancy and 10@llc $
lb for fancy Moorpark; Figs, black, 2 1 / »c tor un
pressed: White Figs. 4c in sacks: Pears, 7c "$
Tb for evaporated halves, 3Vi®6c f( tb for quarters:
Prunes, 3@3V«c; Plums, 31 ->.c « Ib for pitted and
iy a @2cfor unpltted; Nectarines. 3y a @sCfkß> for,
prime to choice and 5y2C for fancy.
Jobbing Pricks— Evaporated Apples, 4@4Vjo
?! Ib; suu-arled. l^MB: Peaches 3i/2^sc and 6c
forfancy; peeled in boxes. 12L 3 c f* tt>: Prunes, 4c
for four sizes, s(i£sVaC for 40(<$50's and 4V a (g;sc
for 50(^60's; Apricots, f 2 fai9c lor prime to choice
10@llc for fancy Moorpark: Figs, black, 3V 2 c:
White Figs, 3@sc; Pears, 8c ?i tt> for evapor
ated halves and 4(^7' ■z<*. for quarters; Plums,
3 1 -2(gJ4c for pitted and 1(^1 V a c for unpitted; Nec
tar, nes. 4(a.f)C %< Ib for prime to choice."
RAISIN'S AND DRIED GRAPES— Prices are as
follows, CRrload lots, f. o. b. San Francisco: Four
crown, loose, 3 a 4c; 3-crown. loose, 3c; 2-crown.
2Vjc V lb; seedless Sultanas, 3i/ 2 ta>33ic: needless
Muscatels, 2V a f<y'-'%c; three-crown London layers,
70c » box: clusters. $1 35(aJl 60; Debesa clusters,
$2 10^2 88; imperial clusters, $2 60(Si2 75; Drlod
Grapes, Ib.
Jobbing Prices— Four-crown loose, 3y2@4c: 3
crown, S^ic r tt>: 2-crown, 2%@3c. Seedless Sul
tanas. 4c tb; Seedless Muscatels, 3c; 3-crown
London layers, 76(<t90c: clusters, $1 50(§)l 75;
Dehesa clusters, $2 60; Imperial clusters, $J 76;
Dried Grapes. .
NUTS— Walnuts are quotab c at 9@llc ?. Ib
for No. 1 hard and . 1 ■; i rv ft Ib for paper-shell, job
bing lots: Almonds, tt'a,7',2C Tb for Languedoc
and 8y 2 (aiOcfor i>iiper-shell, jobbing; Peanuts, 5 1 4
@7c for Eastern and 4 V-jtgiSVaC ' or California: Hick
ory Nuts, s@6c; Pecans, 6c for rough and 8c for
polished: Filberts, 8<§)!»c: BrazU Nuts. 9®loc «4
ib; Cocoanuts, $4 60@5 ~& 100.
HONEY— Comb is quotable at 10® 12c $ lb for
bright and Bfej;9c %i ft for lower grades; water
white extracted, 6<a,5y 2 o »* lb: light amber ex
tracted, 4i/i2*4».xc: dark amber, 4c; dark, 2(^30,
BEESJWAX-26(a.U7y 2 c «t ib.
I'KOVISIONS.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, 6c V Ib for heavy, 7c
for light medium, 9c ¥■ lb for light, 10c for extra
light and 12c f. It> for sugar-cured; Eastern Sugar
cured Hams, ll%c; California Hams. 10c f> Ib;
Mess Beef, $7 60@8; extra mess do, $8 50@9; fam
ily do, $10: extra prime Pork, $8 50@9: extra
clear, ,*l4 V ''"): mess, 12 ¥ bbl: Smoked Beef,
10c f Ib.
LARD— Eastern, tierces is quoted at 6%c V Ib
for compound and 6%c for pure; pails, 7%c: Cali
fornia tierces, 514 c lor compound and i>Vic for
cure: half-bbls, 6V4@B%c; 10- lb tins, 7i/iC; do 6-lb,
73/4 C * ib.
COTTOLENE— in tierces and 7@73/«o
* lb In 10-lb tins.
HIDES, TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPS.
HIDES AND SKlNS— Heavy salted steers are
quotable at 7c Ib; culls aud brands, 6c V
Hi, medium. 6c %". Ib: culU and brands, sc; light,
sc; culls and brands. 4c; Cowhiaes. s(fflsyjjC IB tb;
culls and brnuds, 4j l 1l 1 a o; suited Kip. 6c t» tb;
salted Calf 7c: salted veal. 6c: dry Hides, 10c;
culls and brands, 8c ft lb: <lry Kip and Veal,
8(6.9c; cuiis, 7c: dry Calf, 15c; culls, 10c; Goat-
SKins, 20(a35c each; Kids. sc: Deerskins, good
Bummer, 30c; medium, 15<#25c; winter, 10@15c;
Sheepskins, shearlings, 10f$15c each: short wool,
'Jo^3sceach: medium, 405.50 c each; long wools,
60c each. Culls of all kinds about V»c less.
TALLOW — No. 1. rendered, 3»4@3y a c; Na 2,
3c: refined. 6y 3 (g^5 ! 54c; Grease. 2y 2 c t* lb.
WOOL Vailey Orei;o:i. !'<ailOVijP * tb- do lower
grudes, B@f<V2' • H>: Bpriog Nevada, 6@9c; san
Joaqtun and Southern Coast, six months, 4@6c;
Han Joaquin, foothill, good to choice, "i@8o; San
Joaquln, year's fleece, 4y 2 (jg)6y2C; northern fre«, 7
©9c: do, defective, 6@6y»c Tfr tt>.
HOPS— Nominally Iy,(g>3c -# tb.
GKNKRAL MERCHANDISE.
BAUS-Calcutta Grain Bags, spot, $4 30@4 25;
June-July delivery, $4 37%; San Quentin, $4 20;
Wool Bags, 24y 2 @26y c
COAL— Wellington, $8 •$ ton: New Wellington,
$8 91 ton: soutntteld Wellington, $7 60. ft ton;
Seattle. $sfdis 60; Bryant, $5; Coos -Bar $4 50:
Waiisend. 57; Scotch, $7 50: Brymbo. $7 60:
Cumberland, $11@12 In bulk and $l3<ai4 in sks;
Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $11 50: Welsh An
thracite, $8; Cannel, $7 SO: Rock Springs, Castle
Gate and Pleasant Valley, $7 60; Coke, $11@12
in bulk and $13 •$ ton In sacks.
LARD OlL— The standard OH Company quotes
lower prices, as follows: Extra Winter Strained,
bbls, 65c; cases, 60c; No. 1, bbls, 45c; cases, 50c
it gallon.
SUGAR— Western Sugar Refinery Company
quotes, terms net cash: Cube, Crushed. Powdered
and Fine Crushed, all 6Vic; Dry Granulated, 5%c;
Confectioners'. A, 2 c; Magnolia A. 6c: Extra
C, 4%c; Golden 0, 4 %c: half-barrels, V4fi more
than barrels, and boxes yy a c more.
• BY HUP— Golden, in bbls, 16c; 'Black Strap. 100
V gal.
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
Wholesale rates for dressed stock from slaugh
terers are as follows: '.
BKKF-First quality, 6@5V*C; second do, 4V»@
434 c; third do, 3 V«@4c ft tb. •
VEAL— Large, 6 _ 6c; small, 6@7c ft _. ' ' ■
MUTTON— Wethers, 6@6y c; Ewes. 4V s ®6o
ft It)- ; ■■■•■.- ■.■■■
LAM B— Spring Lamb, 6@6V c ft Ib. . C- :
PORK— Live Hogs, 3Vi»@3«4c ft lb for large and
Si/i@3%c for small and medium; dressed do, 4V a
©b^icftlb. ■■■:
KISCKIPTS OF PBODDCK.
FOR 48 HOURS.
floor, or. sks 1.915.. Hay, tons. ... 555
Oregon.. 2,712 Straw, tons 27
Washington 1,782 Butter, ctls 426
Wheat. cUs .60,810 Cheese, cits. 42
Oregon... 2,287 Eggs. d0z.... 26,650
Washington 675 Hides, no ..;...._ 369
Barl«y. Ct15........ 10,437 Pelts. odls.. _.._. . 45
Oats, ctla 718 Wool. bis 168
Oregon 1,066 Oregon.. .' 140
C0rn, ct15. ;........1,820iWine, ga15.... ....64,300
Rye, ctls. ......... 12a|Brandy. gals. 1,600
Beans, ska.... I,7 6o; Quicksilver, flaiU 157
Potatoes. tit 5....... 3,'J28 Leather, r0115. .... 64
•Oregon. 3,152 Tallow. ells 65
Onions. nits - 615 Lime, bb15...;..... 400
Bran, ales ..;. 1,130 Mustard Seed, sks 80
0reg0n ............ Flaxseed, Or, sks.. 228
Middlings, 5ka,.... 610lpaper. reams 1,900
THE STOCK MARKET.
While there was no particular activity in mining
stocks yesterday the market was higher than on
Saturday and very firm. .\ t the close Chollar ran
up ;os3 3o under increased trading, but the other
stocks were quiet and not ma erially changed.
The Overman assessment falls delinquent in
board to-day, end the Alpha Con. delinquent sale
takes place also.
The following local incorporations disbursed
dividends during May:
Name. per Share. Amount.
Central Gaslight $100 $20,000
Edison L. and P. Company... 662/s 13,333
Oakland Gas Company 25 7,500
Pacific Gas Imp. Company.... 50 15,000
Pacific Lighting Company . 30 6,000
s. F. Gaslight 35 35.000
Spring Valley Water 60 61,500
San Jose Water... 60 4.241
California-street Cable Co 50 5.000
Calitornia Cotton Mills 100 6,000
Alaska Packers' Ass'n 75 35.532
Hutciiinson Plantation 25 12,500
Pacific Auxiliary Fire Alarm. 05 1,250
Pacific Telephone . 30 9.300
Sunset Telephone 20 6,000
Homestake M. Company 25 31,250
Ontario Mining Company 10 15,000
Total $258,406
A summary of the dividends is as follows:
1895. 1896.
Ons companies $95.3:53 $9f>,833
Water companies 74,741 65,711
Railroad companies 10.000 5,000
l'owder companies 7.500
Sugar companies 7,500 12.500
Telephone companies 20,700 15,300
Mining companies 31. 250 46 250
Miscellaneous companies 7,250 42,7ft2
Total $254,274 $284,406
The following companies report cash on hand
June 1:
Alta f1.062 Gould <fe Curry.. .511,328
Andes lu,7sl;***Hale <fe Norc. 8,982
I Alpha Con 4,236 Julia. Con 699
; Bullion. 7,220 Justice 1,273
Belcher. 6,132 Lady Wash Con.. 311
Bodie (on 10,939 Mexican 18.135
j BuiwerCon 7,651 Mono 631
Best & Belcher.. 3,125 Ophir 14,311
Caledonia 4,699 ****occidental C 1,289
Crown Point 14,844 Overman 2,386
Confidence 2,591 i'otosi 19,081
Con. New York.. 2,560 Savage 3,134
♦Choliar 4,136 Seg. Belcher 7,077
**Con. Cal. <X Va. 43,292 Syndicate 626
Church 14.355 Sierra Nevada... 11,753
Challenge Con... 1,899 Standard C0n.... 11,012
! Con. Imperial.... 1,433 Union Con 10,012
Exchequer 2,671| Utah Con 3,650
• Unsold bullion, the assay of which is $10,900.
** Monthly expenses unpaid.
*** Fifty-two pounds of crude bullion, the re
turns of which have not been received.
'*■** $1000 due on note, besides monthly ex
penses.
Weekly reports from the Comstock are as fol
lows :
Con. Cal. <fe Va.— 1650 level— Are timbering,
1 making repairs and easing timbers in the south
' drift on the ninth floor— the first floor above
I the stll floor of this level. We expect to have
; repairs completed and resume work in the face of
this drift during the coming week. 1750 level—
From, the fourteenth to the twenty-first floor at
the north end of the stopes in old ground of
former workings we have extracted during the
week 165 tons of ore, the average assay value of
which, per samples taken from the cars in the
mine, was $58 01 per ton. From the north end of
the slope on ;he nineteenth and twentieth floors
on the east side of the old stope tijuh-.-rs there is
from 2 to 3 feet in width of ore assaying $40 to
$60 per tou. From the upraise which was car
ried up from the northwest drift from the main
west drift from the C. & C. shaft (50 feet above
the sill floor of this level) the west crosscut has
1 been advanced l'B feel through porphyry and
I quartz formation assaying from $2 to $6 per ton;
' total length 78 feet. The end of ibis crosscut has
connected with an old upraise, and a west drift
I therefrom is in quartz assaying $3 and $4 per
! tou.
160^1 level— No work has been done on this level
daring the week. 1000 level— West crosscut 2
, started at a point In the north drift 550 feet north
from the Con. Virginia shaft station has been ad
vanced 28 feet, total length 340 feet, passing
through porphyry and clay and some quartz as
saying 50 cents and $1 per ton. The total extrac
\ tion of ore for me week amounted to 165 tons, tne
. average assuy value of which, per samples taken
j from the cars when raised to the surface, was
$58 44 per ton.
In the Hale & Norcross mine the stopes in the
upraises above the 975 level show no changes
since last report. On the 1 100 level they are ex
tracting some fair-grade ore from the old tilliu^s
■ on the sill and second floors. On the 900 level the
I northwest drift is out 72 feet. The face is in por
phyry. Have extracted from all openings for the
week 67 carloads of ore, averaging, per mine-car
samples, per ton $17 60 in gold and 17.57 ounces
of sliver.
The average assay of the samples of the ore
I mil ed at Dazet mill for month of May (10614
tnsj was: Gold, $25 90; silver, $32 04: toia:,
$57 94 per ton. The average battery assay of the
: above ore was $54 18 per ton. The assay value of
the bullion yield for May was: Gold, $2392 32:
silver, $-.'174 28; total, $4566 60. The net coin
: value of this bullion was $3531 77. Forwarded to
>an Francisco May Y9, 52 pounds crude bullion
: (assay value unknown), being th» product of 95
' tons aud 800 pounds of the ore belonging to this
, company at the Combination shaft, extracted
' from the 3000 and 3100 foot levels in 1886, and
j reduced tor the purpose of making a milling test.
The average wagon sample assay of this ore was:
j Gold, $8 21; silver, 9.77 ounces per ton. The aver
: age battery assay was: Gold, $6 20; silver, 10.85
ounces per ton.
Gould <fe Curry— Brunswick Lode— We have
I started east crosscut 5 from the end (75 from
1 the mouth of the tunnel) of the main north drift
' «nd advanced It 22 feet, passing through soft por
| phyry. West crosscut 4 has been discontinued.
I Shaft 2— The work at this shaft will hereafter be
j carried on Jointly by this company, the Best &
. Belcher and the Con. Virginia. East crosscut 4
started from the end of the south drift haa been
extended 16 feet and discontinued; total length,
25 feet; lace in porphyry. Sinking will be resumed
j in the shaft.
Hai.k & Norcross— Brunswick Lode, shaft
i 1, 200 level— Shaft 1 has been sunk on the incline,
passing through porphyry, clay and auanz, show
ing some value; total depth. 456 feet. 100 level—
: Work in the north drift, from the station was re
sumed under the management of the Hale it Nor
: cross company and advanced 8 feel ; totai length,
i 210 feet; face in porphyry, clay and quartz.
Choiaar-Brunswick Lode— We have resumed
work in the south drill on the 200 level fro v No. 1
shaft, aud have advanced it 1 1 feet, the face being
now 57 feet south of the Chollar-Norcross line.
The face is in porphyry, clay anil seams of quartz.
This drift is now running west of the ore streak
previously uncovered, it having been deemed best
10 run outsiJe of it, for the reason thai heuer prog
- ress can be made where there Is no delay in sav
ing the ore. and that we have as yet no arrange
ments or accommodations for disposing of the pay
when extracted. We are now putting in an air
: pipe, whi. 1. will give ventilation anil aid mate
rially the progress per day in the drift. Shait 1
has been sunk 13 feel on the incline during the
: week: total depth 456 feet; formation, quartz, clay
i and porphyry.
i Con. Cal. Va.— Brunswick Lode— Shaft No. 2.
; Operations in this shaft will hereafter be carried
I on jointly by the Con. Cal. <fe Va., Beat <fc Belcher
! and Gouid <£ Curry companies. The o.as. crosscut,
No. 4. from the end of the south drift has been ex
tended 16 feet and discontinued; total length, 26
feet; face in nard porphyry, sinking will now be
resumed in the shaft.
Louis 11. sharp, president of the Savannah mine.
Miidera County, reports to the Gold Mining Ex
: change that a very rich body of ore has been struck
: and n level 13 being run north, starting about 25
' fet above the present level. At this point there
1 is from sto 6 feet of quartz. How far this ore ex
, leuds to the north cannot now be determined, but
it shows on the north side of the shaft from the
point where this level starts to the surface. A large
I body of good ore is in sight, and the mill will be
i kept running steadily for several months 10 come.
BOAKI> SALES.
Following wer« th« saiei in the Baa PnnelsQ*
Btoc« Board yesterday: i?-j""-"^ - .-->
I REGULAR MORNING SESSION rOMIfINCISO 9:30.
! 100 Alpha .18,1 100 Ch011r.2.95250 Mxcan...9B
1400... ..19 1000 23/iilOO .....99
! 100 .......;.... 20 100 CC&V...3.1 150 0ccidt1..1.55
3IJO Ande5......40 20 .........2.70 100 ..........1.60
260 ....; 42 1500 Con 1m..04V:00 0ph1r...1.70
200 ...:: 411200 C0nn... .1.40| 50 ..........1.65
400 Beicner...74 200 C P0int... 63 400 0vrmn....13
300 B & X.. 1.36 100 ...... ..'.'.. 300 P0t05i..1.50
60 Bodle 6KBOO Exchqr.. 1700 Savag.l.7o
100 Bullion... 1100 G AC. 1.45 100..... .....1.65
700 ............29 50 H<£N...3.10 60<) Uni0n.. ..90
200 8u1wer....55 ! 550 ...... 3.05 400 V Jackt..64
100 Cha11({e...451300 L Wash.. .o6!
.' •. - a*tkbn6on session— 2:3o.
200 Alpha 24 150 <fc C. 1.60 100 P0t05i...1.45
j 100 Aha... ....10 100 ..........1.55 700 Savage..l. 7o
400 Ande5. ...43700 . .3.00800 Scorpion.. ls
300 B &8.. 1.60 300 ..........3.05 100 S Nev. .1.00
100 ... .....1.46 500 L Wa5h.. ..051100 Union.... 94
200 8u11i0n. ..29;300 Alex... 1.05 100 Utah 19
> 1100 Chollar3.oo 350 0cc1dt1..1.60 40ti V Jckt....57
; 400 Con 1m... 03 200 Overman. ls 100 .........;.68
, 150 C P0int... 661 I
Following were tne sales in ths Pacltto atoolc
Hoard yesterday : " i> i -.":".
. ' RrotrLAß session— lo:3a
200 Aloha 20 50 CCV.2.82%.100 0ph1r...1.75
! 100 Alta. 07800 2.90300 .......... 1.70
: 600 Andes... .B9 150 .; 2.95 100 ':...-. 1.77%
I 100 ....:......42!500C NY 10 200 P0t05i...1.40
I 100 :..... .....41 100 Crwn Pt...64 100 ...:...1.42%
200 8e1cher... 76200 Exchqr.. .08 400 ....... 1.60
200 ......:... .76 1300 U «!t C.1. 60|100 ..........1.45
150 B&B... 1.35 100 ......... .1 65860 9ava*e..l.«s
100 .......1.42%!1160 H&N.. 3.10 100 .......1.67%
400 ..V....... 1.40 150 3.00400 ; 1.70
200 Bodle 68100 .........3.05 200 Scorpion.. 11
600 Bullion. ..28 100 Julia. 12200 sBAM.... 1»
450 ....r......29 300 Justice.. ..l 3 100 HNT 88
200 .:.... 301300 Ke.ntuck..o7 350 ..........1.05
! 200 8u1wer... 281400 Mexnl.o2y 2 400 811 Hi 11 ....05
j 600 Ca1eda.....1l 100 ...... 1.00.100 Union C..90
1 400Ch011ar.2.85 200 Mono (200( 200 ....93
i 150 .......2.82y 2 3000cc!d....1.60;2U0 Utah:... 18
; 350 .::... \-...'2.\tt> 100 ......'...1.56(350 YJaclcet.,s4
! 800 ....;;...2.90 300 ....;..1.57y 8 :200 .......... .55
50 ....i.."...2y 8 |4000vrmn.'... 151100 ......;... .56
100 C0nfi... .1.40! I
■ ' AFTERNOON SESSION— 2:3O. .
100 A1pha... .21 100 Ch11r.... 3.25 600 0phtr1.77%
200 ....:..'... .22200 CCV.....3.00 150 1.80
I 600 Alta 09 100 ..........2.95 t 800 0vrmn....15
j 100 Andes... 44 400 Con NY. .10 750 Potosl.. 1.60
j 400 ......... .45 400 C P0int... 66 100 1.47%
200 B4 8. .1.45 100 .... 67,200 ...... 1.65
1 100 ....... I.62 V a '^oo G4C1.62y 3 250 5avag... 1.70
i 300 .........1.60 400 .........1.60100 .......1.67%
LOO 80d1e..:. .60700 HAN ...3.05 100 ....... 1.72y
! 300 8u11i0n... 29 550 ..;.... 3.00 100 .......1.77%
! 200 ........:. ..30 100 2.02 >■« 300 .........1.75
100 Ch0ur... 2.95 100 .......3.07y a ! 500 Scorpion.. 14
I 1100 .;..... 3.0 L 300 Ju1ia...... 121300 584.M....19
I 100 ......2.92y 2 aOO Kentuck..o6 400 Nev.. 1.05
00 ......3.02y 2 400 Mex.... 1.06 200 Sll Hi 11.. .06
300 ....S.li too M0n0... ..0F 400 Uni0n.... 94
100 .....:.3.07% 103 Occd .1.60 200 Utah 19
100 ......... 3.10 200 .....1.55 200 V Jack;ei..sß
100 .........3.30 100 .......1.67% 100 ...........60
100 .......... 3.20 . I
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
MONDAY, June I—4 P. M.
BiiUAskexLi ' Sid. Asked.
Alpha Con. ... 24 L'H la.-k.son 40 —
Alta. 09 11. Julia — 18
Andes. 43 44 Justice 11 18
Belcher 75 7ti;Keniuck 06 07
Best ABelcherl.4s I.SOi Lady Wash 05 06
Benton Con 20 . —.Mexican 1.05 1.10
Bodie 60 —Mono - 10
Bullion 29 30 Nevada Queen. — 05
Bulwer 32 - Occidental. ...1.65 1.60
Caledonia. 10 li: Ophir 1.75 1.80
Chollar 3.25 3.30 Overman 14 15
Con.Cal.&Va. .2.95 3.00 Potosi 1.50 1.56
Challenge Con. 46 4S«avage 1.7n 1.75
Con. Imperial. 02 VH seg. Kelcher... 19 20
Confidence 1.40 l.&OScorpioi 14 —
Con New York — 10 syndicate. 04 05
Crown Point... 68 70>ilver Hi 11.... 05 07
EastSierraNev — US Sierra Nevada. 1.05 l.iO
Exchequer 08 10 I'nionCon 93 95
Gou la A Curry. 1.55 1.60 Uah 18 19
Hale* Norcrs 3.05 3.10 Yellow Jacket. 59 60
GOLD MINING EXCHANGE.
300 Amalle 2 50; Kennedy
100 zssßid 1050
Champion Keystone.
! Bid 20 00 Bid 65 00
200 Edna 52 800 Lockwood Con.. 35
100 48 Providence
100 49181 d 5000
300 60a 00 Savannah 40
100 Grant l-J : 400 » 42
1100 14J200 43
100 lb|6ot'. Sebastopol 60
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
MONDAY. June 1-2 p. it
UNIT Krt STATES BM.VU.*.
£{d. Atktti. Bid. Asktd.
V P4seoup..lo7 - I" B4s reg.,.109y -
Do, new 15. ..116% —
MIKCKLUVKrvr 1 * HOVII
Cal-stCblsSs. — 113 iPacKolLMo*. - : -
CalElecL6s. — 123% Do. 2d Iss fi*. — —
CctraCWss. - 97y 2 P<fcO Ry 6s. 105 130
, Cpnt-st ex-cp 77 85 1 P<tChßv6s. — 107
EdsnL&P 6s. - 122y 2 Pwl-st.RRBs. - 116% ;
F«fcCUßß6s.lO4y a — Reno. WLAL — 105
i eearv-stR5«. 102% — ißiverW Co 8» — 100
LosAnjtL6s. - 103 JsactoP & L.. - 103
Do,Unted.6j. - 103 fcF*NPRRSsIOI%IOI%
Vlkt-stCble6sl23 - bPRRArtz6s — 98
DoßyConss.. 104%105 ;bPRRCaI6s.. 108%11l
NatomaV6s 91 — SP*iKCalM_ — —
NevCN?R7s. 95 105 Si'BrßCaias. 9Py.jlooy a
; NPCRRSs. - 108 Waters*.. 1185/ 8 119y a .
! Cal Bs. 102 105 SVWater4s~ 98% 99V*
\ NRyCal6s. — 100 StktnG&E6j — 100
Oak Gas 65.. 101 104% SunstT&T6s. 100 —
Do.2dlss6s. - 106 butter-51851.107y —
, Omnibus 65.. 119y — VisaliaWUiU — »i
WAT"X stock*.
Contra Costa 37 39 IFan J055..... 7V 109
I MartnCa... 60 - | Spring Valley 98% 99
« / • STOCKS
I Capital, 20 27y a Pacific Light. 47 —
Central ...... 95 — Ban*rancseo 93% 93y a I
OakGL*H. — 53 siockwu...., — ai%
' facUaslmpk 85y a 86% |
i.nsurancp: «itocici.
riremansFd.l6s — |Sun 26 50
COUIiKRCIAL BANK KTO~KI-
Amerß&TO. — - iLondonP<&A,l2B%l3o
Anglo-Cal... 6134 — London*3if. — 27% I
j Bank of Cat. 23B 242 Merch Ex 12 —
! CaISD&TCo.. 6314 — iNevada....^ — — ?J
! FirstNaUonl.l7B 182y 2 Bather B CO. — — %
. Grangers.... — — |
■ AVtN-'JI K*NK «T )"K4.
GerS&LCo.. — 1500 BavALoaa.. — 100
HnmbS&L.llOO 1450 Security - 260
Mutual — 40 Union Trust. 750 800
; bit bavUnlon — 485
STRKKT KAILSOAD STOCK*.
j California.... 108 110 iOak.SL<&Hay — 100
' Geary-st — 56 l Presidio... 6% —
Uarkei-5t.... 42% 41!% Sutter-su..*.. — —
1 ti\V . . ii STOCK).
Atlantic D... 16% — .Judson _ — —
Eastern D... — 87 Giant. 25 25%' 1
California.... 75 — 1ViK0nt....... — 1
JIIM-KLI.ANKII-1 «TICTT.
Alaska Pkrs. a IOO OceanlcSSCo 19 24%
BlkDCoalCO. - 10 PacAuxFA.. I -
1 CalCotMUls.. — — Pac Borax. 93 100
! CalDrvDock. — _ IPacI&NCo. — 30
Edison Light 119 119y 2 : Pac Roll Mill — —
: GasCon Assn. — — (ParfPalntC* 6% 7y a i
I Lead Co. 85 — IPacTransCa. — *4
j HawC&SCo. 19 19WPacT*'i'0o 65 " 70
! HntchSPCa. 24% 25 ibunsetT&r.. 41 —
JcdsonMfgC. — — UnitedUCa.. — Hi
Her Ex Aasa 100 110 1
SALES— IIOENIN9 SESSION.
Board—
! 25 Edison Light A Power Co 119 00
■ 250 Uutchlnson S P Co. 24 50
; 60 Market-st Railway 42 50
10 S v Water. .... 99 25
SALES— AFTERNOON SESSION.
Board—
itS Hutchinson 8PC0.... 'J4 87y a
15 Market-st Railway 42 50
30 S F Gaslight 93 25
5 S V Water 98 87y,
10 do do 98 75
Street—
75 Market-st Railway 42 50
•• — — •
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Joseph Muller to Edward J. McCutchen, lot on |
N line of PRcific avenue, 137:6 W of Octavia I
street, W 68:9 by N I^7:B'/i: $10.
Henry l.inthal, or Limhall, to Felicien and
Entile Bareilles, lot on SW corner of O'Farrell and !
Uoilis streets, W 90 by S 50; $10.
Sarah, or Sarah L. Taylor to Mary E. and Ada
IC Karmar, lot ou N line of Post street, 47:6 E of !
j Devisadero, E 20 by N 110; $10.
Edward Murpny to Hannah Murphy, lot on N
line of Post street, 110 E of Lyon, E 27:6 by N
, 137:6; gift.
'1 homas and M. I. Me iM anon to Sarah E. Cotrel,
lot on N lice. of Clay street, l'Js:sy a E of Central
avenue, E 28:6% by N 90; $10.
John and Luna Stierlin to Samuel R. Dolliver,
' lot on E line of A anbury street, 176:6 N of Fred- I
! crick, N 25 by E 106:3; $10.
Edward Hawthorne to Bertha Hawthorne, lot on I
I SK corner of Mi-sion and Seventeenth streets, S
68, S 80, s 42. E 8-:6, N 110. W 161:6: gift.
James J. Manning to Mary O'Halloran. lot on N 1
line of Twenty-fourth street, 30 E of Castro, E 25 :
by N 80; $1.
Paul and Gertrude L. Rossiter to Rose L.
Pritcbard, lot on S iine of Twentieth street, 100 W
of Castro, W 25 by S 85: $10.
I Catherine F. Hernan (by R. H. Fitzgerald, com- !
I missioner) to Bridget Martin, lot on E line of Doug
lass street, 220 North of Nineteenth, B 125 by
! N t,O;
George W. Wilson to Ciara I- Wilson, undivided
third of lot on sw corner of Broadway and Stock
tOO Street, S 40 by W 80: $10.
Same to same, undivided half of lot on N line of
i Pacific stree', 68:9 W of Dupont, W 32:9. N 65, B i
j 20, N 72, E 9:6, 8 95:6. E 3:9. s 42; $10.
Thomas Hiegins and Ellen A. Carlis to Belle
Higgins,lot on N line of Vallejo street, 185 W of
i Joiies, W 26 by N 137:6; $1500.
Catherine T. Kitzoatrick to Farrall J., Joseph A.
and Laura A. Fitzputrick, Mary Dickson and Clara
llessman, loton E line of Hyde street, 97:6 N of
Filbert, N4oby £ 59: iy 3 : scift.
Victoria Moriarty to Feiecle Couget. lot on SE
1 corner of Howard street, 137:6 NE of Fourth, NX
1 28 by *X S'>: also lot on SW corner of Fifth avenue
1 Madison), 250 SE of Harrison street. SE 25 by
SW 80; gift.
Moses and Martha A. Ellis to Samusl A. Sander
son, undivided yk lot on N corner of Eighth and
Bryant streets, NX 103:1^ by NW 1 7:6: $10.
Margaret J. Kehoe to J. Leroy Nickel, lot on NE
corner Of Ninth street, 40 SE of Minna, SE 40 by
i NX l>o, quitclaim deed : $500.
Sol and Dora Getz to Patrick H. Shauchnessy,
I lot on W line of Eleventh avenue, 100 Nof J
street. N 25 by W 120; $10.
Fanny M. Winter to Mnry M. B. Martin. lot on
SE line of Tenth avenue and M street, S 150 by E
120; $10.
Henry M. Whitely to George L. Whltely, lot on j
N W corner of Sargent and Victoria streets, W 25 '
by N 100, block 36, City Land Association; gift.
John .1. and Mary L. O'FarreM to James and
Nellie Bradley, lot on s\V line of Francis street,
450 BW of Mission, NW 25 by SW 150; $10.
Adelxide C. Fessler to Qeorge s. Fessler, un- !
divided 10-18ths of lot on S line of Woulsey street, i
56 E of Girard, S 100 by E 65, block 7, University [
Mount; $100.
ALAMEDA COUNTY.
H. T. Greenough to Edwin L. Head, lot 2, block
- F. subdivision of s\v portion of plot 53, Peralta
[ ranch, Berkeley; $5.
Emma J. Greeiiough to same, same, Berke
! ley: $5.
Eri' k Boes to J. C. Christensen, lot 1. block A,
I being a subdivision of lots 4 and 5, blocK A, J. E.
! McElrath Tract. Oakland Township; $10.
L. C. G. and Louise Moller to Ella Potts (wife of '
T. A.), lot on N line of Fairfax street, 124.45 E of
Telegraph avenue, E 45 by N 88.17, lot 16, Moller
Tra^t, Oakland township; $10.
Erick Boes to .\iels Rusmusseu, lot on SE cor
! ner of Freemont sireet and Eighth avenue, 25 NE
! of Eighteenth street, thence parallel with Free
i montstreet 25, thence SE 100, thence to begin- !
! ning, East Oakland: $10.
j O. G. and E. B. May to Etta B. Goodfriend (wife
i of A. I.), lot on si. corner of Euclid and Le Conte
avenues, S 80 by E 125, being lots 6 an.l 7, block
12, Daley's Scenic Park Tract, Berkeley; $10.
C. M. and Annie Arnold to Elizabeth MiMJraw
(wife of Thomas), lot on 8 line of Jessie stree; 200
E of 1 lay, E 100 by s 100, being lots 13 and 15,
block 3h, map of Fitchburg Homestead lots, Brook- '
lyn Township; $400.
j Emily K. Latham (by attorney) to George
! Lydiksen, lot 1, block C, Latham Terrace, Brook- ;
I lyn Township; -$10i-0.
Catherine T. Fitzpatrick to Mary Dickson, Clara ■
Hessmann, F. J.. Joseph A. and Laura A. Fitz- !
Patrick, lot on 8 iine Central avenue, 190 E of
! Caroline street, E 30 by a 125, being portion En
; cinal Park Tr.ict, Alameda: gift.
William Shine to Ferdinand Hoiturn, lot on N
line smart street, 114:38 W of Adeline, W 40 by ;
; N 129:65, and lot 15, block 18, Shattuck Tract,
j map 5, Berkeley. $10.
Matilda A. Daly (wife of James E.) to Fred
j Wuescher, lots 39 and 31, block V, map of the
Hemphill Tract, Brooklyn Township; $10.
Same to Miss L. A. Leroy, lot 137, in plot 12,
■ Oakland Township, same; $52.
Builders' Contracts. '
E. Gamier with J. C. Dunphy, to erect a two
story brick building on E.line of Qulncy street, bet.
California ana Pine, $2350; E. Uepierre, architect.
Mrs. M. T. Welsh with R. A. Williams and F.
Foster, to erect a three-story building on Turk
i street, near Flllmore, $4750"; '• homas J. Welsh,
< architect.
Frank V. Pistoltsi with M. A. Stewart and L. L.
j Berger, to erect a three-story bollding on NX cor
! ner of Twenty-fifth and Florida streeia, $2216:
j M. a. Stewart, architect.
HYDROGRAPHIC BULLETIN..
. bbajtch hydboobaphro office. C. aX. ■>
. Merchants' Exchavcjk. >-
San Francisco. June 1. IS9B. )
. The time ball on Telegrapn Hill was dropped
i exactly at noon to-day—l. c., at noon of the 120 th
meridian, ox exactly at 8 r. v.. Greenwich tlma.
1 meridian, Or exactly at 8 r. A. Greenwich time.
A. F. i'KCHTKLE*,
Lieutenant U. S. >' in c_arg«.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
SUN.MOON AND TIDE.
C. a Coast and Okodktio Shrvkt Tina 1 *
BULLKTIN PnULISRKO BY OFFICIAL >
AUTHORITY OF thk SIJPKRINTKNDKNT. >
Tuesday June 2.
Snnrlfss 4.47 Moon rises 12.01 AM
Sun sets 7. 28] M00n sets
.June -1896.
motk -In the above exposition of the tides ths
*ar!y morning tides are given in the left hand
column, and the successive tides of the day in the
order of occurrence su to time. The secoud time
column gives the second tide ol the day, the third
time column the third lirie, and the last or right
han.l column sives the last tide of the day. exc.'pt
when mere are but three tides, as sometimes
occurs. The heights given are additions to the
soundings on the United States Coait Survey
charts, except when a minus sign (-- \ precedes the
height, and then ths number given Is MUbtractlve
fro" Ihe fie- •). - ■•'■n !.•• he,->,»rs
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
Arrived.
MONDAY, June 1.
Stmr Arcata, Cousins, 78 hours from Portland,
via Coos Bay and Eureka; pass and mdse, to O C
A N CO.
1 Stmr Del Norte. Stockfleth, 4 days from Coquille
i River; lumber and coal, to Hernberg. Oakland
1 direct.
Stmr Truckee, Thomas, 42 hours from Coos
Bay: pass and 465 tons coal, to J D Spreckels <fc
Bros Co.
Stmr Pomona, Doran, 16% hours from Eureka;
I pass and mdße, to Ooodall, Perkins <B Co.
! Stmr Rival. Johnson, 14 hours from Fort
i Bragg: pile, and r r ties, to Samuel Blair.
Stmr Newsboy, Fosen, 18 hours from Usal;
263 M ft lumber, to Uaal Redwood Lumber Co.
Haw stmr San Mateo, Fletcher, 96 hours from
j Comox; 4260 tons coal, to S P Co. Oakland
direct.
Ursnip Falklandbank, Walker. 63 days from
Caleta Buena; 23,605 bags nitrate of soda, to W R
Grace it Co.
j Schr Corinthian, Zaddart, 15 hours from M earns
1 Landing: wood and stave bolts, to Bender Bros.
Schr Elvenia, Johnson, 2y a days from Eu
\ reka; 180 M ft lumber, to J R Hanify.
Cleared.
MONDAY. June 1.
Stmr Empire. Anderson, Astoria; N P S S Co.
stmr State of California, Astoria; Good
all. Perkins * Co.
i Stmr Willamette, Holmes, Comox; Oregon
Imp Co.
Br ship Walden Abbey, Sherris, Queenstown; O
W Mc.\c»r.
Brig Galilee, Dinsmore, Tahiti; M Turner.
Sailed. .
MONDAY, Jane t.
Stmr Geo Loomis, Bridgett. Ventura.
Brstmr Progressist. Pinkham, Nanalmo.
Stmr Scotia, Johnson.
Slmr Greenwood. Carlson,
stmr Point Arena, Johnson, Mendoclno.
; Stmr Willamette, Holmes.
; stmr Bonlta, Downing, Port Harford, etc.
Bktn Northbend, Wallace.
Brig Galilee, Dinsmore, Tahiti.
Telegraphic.
POINT LOBOS, June 1-10 r. M.— Weather,
hazy . wind NW; velocity. 28 miles. V. -.;..•.
Spoken.
j May 7— Lat 3N, long 29 W, Br ship Silverbow,
; from Victoria, for Liverpool.
May I(s— l.at 27 N, lone 22 W. Br ship Merion
eth, from Swansea, for San Francisco.
• ■ . Domestic Ports.
! SAN DlEGO— Arrived June I— H B M stmr
! Comus; schr Mary E Russ, from Port Gamble.
BOWENS LANDING— SaiIed June I— schr Net
i tie Sundborg, for Lompoc.
j TA COMA— Sailed June I— Schr Maria E Smith,
j for san Francisco.
FORT ROSd— Arrived May 31— Scbr Reliance,
'■ hence May £0.
IVEKSENS LANDlNG— Arrived June I— Schr
Ocean Spray, hence May 28.
Pi -Mo— Arrived June I— simr Navarro, from
: Bowens Landing.
ASTORIA— June I— Stmr Alice Blanch
ard, for San Francisco. i-t . • .
SANTA BARBARA-Salled June I— Schr El
nornb, for Eureka.
GRAYS HARBOR— Sailed June I— Stmr Del
Norte, for San Francisco.
NEWPORT— Arrived June I— Stmr Caspar, fin
Fort Bragg. ■ '. .-. :;■■
REDON DO— Arrived June I— Stmr South Coast,
from Eureka.
COM. A— Sailed May 31-Schr Twilight, for
Guaymas. June Stmr Washtenaw, for San
Francisco.
POINT REYES— Passed June Haw stmr San
Mateo. from comox. for San Francisco
EUREKA— Arrtvea May 81— senr John A, hnc
May 27. June I— Sen r Eva, hence May 27; schr
Esther Buhne. hence May 27; schr Bertha l)ol
, beer, from San Pedro. ■
sailed June I— Stmr North Fork, for San Fran
! Cisco.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived May 31— Schr Comet, fm
Port Gamble.
SEATTLE— Arrived June I— Schr Azalea, from
San Pedro: stmr LaKme, hence May 28.
. Sailed May 31— Stmr Progreso, for San Fran
cisco.
PORT BLAKELEY — Arrived June 1 — Bark
i Seminole, hence May 15: Br bark Yarkand, hence
i May 19.
Sailed June I— Schr Halcyon, for Newport.
Eastern Port*.
NEW YORK— Arrived June I— Stmr Finance,
from Colon.
Sailed ' May 29— Bark Edward May, for Hono
| lulu.
Foreign Port*.
I SWANSEA— SaiIed May 30-Br bark Invercoe,
for San Francisco.
DURBAN-Arrlved May 29— bark Edin
burghshire, from Tacoma. '
! SYDNEY— Arrived May 29-Br stmr Miowera,
from Vancouver.
YOKOHAMA— Arrived May 30— Brstmr Doric,
hence May 12.
mailed May 30— Br stmr Coptic, for San Fran
cisco.
HONGKONG— SaiIed May 30— stmr Gaelic,
for San Francisco.
DEPARTURE BAY— Arrived May 30-Stmr
Excelsior, from Unga, and to sail June 2, for
Unsa.
ANTWEUP— SaiIed May 30-Br ship Manches
ter, for San Francisco.
1 SHANGHAI— Arrived May 30— Schr Aids, frm
Mood.ville. May 31-Schr W H Talbot, from
Burrards Inlet.
Movement* of Trans- Atlantic Steamers.
•', NEW YORK— Arrived June I— Stmr South
wark, from Antwerp; stmr Obdam, from Rotter
dam ; stmr Massachusetts, from London.
HAVRE— Arrived out June I— Stmr La Nor
'■ mandie.
ANTWERP— SaiIed June I— Stmr Nordland, for
; New York.
STETTIN— Salted June I— Stmr Virginia, for
! New York. >
Importation*.
I EMPIRE CITY— Per Truckee— lol sks pota
-1 toes.
Marshfleld— 46s tons coal, 434 sks potatoes, 109
i bxs butter, 8 pkgs blankets, 4 sks wool, 1 pkg
Pr poRTLAND-Per Arcata-795 sks wheat, 200
- PORTLAND— Per Arcata— 79s sks wheat, 200
tons rallroa I iron, 114 green hides.
EUREKA— Per Pomona— s rolls leather, 3 crls
bicycles, 5 pkgs mdse, 2 pa leys, 84 bxs butter, 2
cs gun goods. 1 coop chickens, 2 bxs groceries, 2
bx3 cues. 1 bbl resin, 500 M shingles, 1 sk coin, 8
pkgs express. 103 M ft lumber.
Fields Landing— 6so M shingles.
• Rohuervi ie— l42 sks oats.
E R and E R R— 62 1 18 bxs butter, 1 bdl furs, 1
crate bicycles, 1 pkg mdse.
Consignees.
Per Arcata— Moore, Ferguson &Co; Pacific Roll-
Ing Mills; 8 II Frank & Co.
Per Trockee— J D Spreckels & Bros Co: Immel
Co: McDonough&Runyon; C E Whitney <fc Co-
Wolf <fc Son: Thomas Loughran: Hulme&Hart'
Bandon Woolen-mills: Hills Bros. *
Per ; Pomona— A C Nicnols & Co: AW Randall'
Bosto • Woven Hose and Rubber Co: FB Halght*
C O G Miller: Dairymen's Union; Ross & Hewlett-
Dodge, Sweeney & Co; Enterprise Brewery HiDer
n a Brewery; Higgins A Collins; Getz Bros & Co*
ET Allen: John McVey; Brigham, Hoppe A Co-
L G Sresovich Co: John Horstman: Scott A Van
Arsdaie; Standard Oil Co: Norton, Teller A Co- Da
Brewery;. Wellman, Peck A Co; .Standard Oil Co-
H Liebes & Co: Wells, Fargo A Co: Wolf A Son- i
Wleland; Union Mfg Co: C E Whitney Co- Gen
E James: Wheaton, Breon Co; M ■ Kallah *■ ri.
Hills Bros; Arctic oil Work*. ' Un &CojNOT REALLY AN
OBJECT OF ALMS,
An Unknown Man Buys a
Ferry Ticket for a
Millionaire.
WANTS TO REWARD HIM
Joseph Boardman Is Mistaken
at the Ferry for What
He Is Not.
HIS APPEARANCE DECEPTIVE.
Left Home Without Money and Dis
covered His Predicament Too
Late.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,)
908 Broadway, June 1. f
'■ Joseph Boardman is anxious to find a
young man and give him a reward for an
' act oi kindness.
Mr. Boardman is a San Francisco cap
italist who resides on Eighth street, in
this city. He is credited with being a
millionaire, and although he may not
have laid claim to such a distinction when
ne visited the Assessor last March, his
name appears in many deeds to valuable
property in San Francisco, Oakland, Ala
meda and Berkeley.
In his personal appearance Mr. Board
man would certainly not be taken for a
millionaire. He is an elderly gentleman
of the old school, good-natured, free of
>peecii, but without any anxiety regard
ing the cut of his coat or the pattern of
his necktie. There is nothing suggest ye
of wealth about him and his modest home,
where he lives quietly and contentedly
with his wife and family, is in keeping
with his personal ts
Tbe discrepancy between the impression
his familiarity conveys and his financial
standing caused a misunderstanding yes
terday, and cave an opportunity to a
young man to do what he thought was a
kind act. Mr. Boardman left home for his
brokerage office across the bay. In bis
haste he forgot to transfer his purse, and
when he arrived at the depot he had not a
cent in his pocket. One garment after an
other was searche 1 but no money could be
found, and finally Mr. Boardman con
cluded tuat as none of his friends were in
night he would be forced to go home and
wait till the next train.
A young man witnessed the old million
aire's confusion and probably thinking
that he was entirely without funds ne
kindly offered to supply the necessary
coin. Mr. Boardman gratefully accepted
it and was about to ask the name of his
unknown friend, when he disappeared,
doubtie3S thinking he had done an act of
charity to a deserving party.
"It was ail done very hurriedly," said
Boardman to-day. "The stranger
saw that l had no money and he did not
ask for an explanation. He quickly put
down the coin and without a word walked
::y away. 1 took the ticket, but as I
am not a worthy object of charity I am
anxious to meet my benefactor. lam ad
vertising for him, and when I find him I
shall be very happy to recompense him
with interest."
TO AVOID PAYING TAXES.
The Southern Pacific Says Its
Property Has Been Twice
Assessed,
Assessor Dalton Ccntends That the
Local Property Is Not Part
of the Main Line.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,)
90S Broadway, June 1. I
The Southern Pacific Company does not
intend to pay taxes in this county if the
law can be made to prevent it.
E. Black Ryan, attorney for the tax de
partment of the road, called upon Chief
Deputy Attorney Lincoln S. Church this
morning and made an examination of the
assessment-rolls as to the Southern Paci
fic Company. Special reference was made
to the assessment of the Seventh-street
line made last year by Assessor H. P. Dal
• ton, as well as the long wharf switches and
rights of way.
In speaking for the company before the
, Supervisors, acting as a Board of Equali
■ zation, last year Ryan contended that this
property should be assessed by the State
Board of Equalization and could not be
- taxed by the county. He held, that it is
part of the main line of the company
whereas Assessor JDalton claimed that the
. road is a local institution, and therefore
amenable to assessment and taxation in
this county.
"This is the first time I have ! seen the
■ assessment of this county, said Mr. Ryan,
"and lam getting a description of the
' property for the purpose of showing the
: Tax Collector that under one section of
■ the law where property is taxed twice
" ' and where the tax has been pain once the
• other tax must be canceled. I shall show
••• the Tax Collector that the tax has been
paid on this property as assessed by the
■'• ' State Board of Equalization and, there
fore, he cannot collect the tax the second
■ tim 6."
• '■ This afternoon County Auditor Whid
den appeared before the Supervisors and
' presented the affidavit of James B. Bar
' ber, County Tax Collector, to the effect
" - that certain property in this county had
■ been assessed more than once. The prop
• erty referred to was the same as described
by Ryan. Accompanying the affidavit
•- were certificates from E. P. Colgan, Con
' troller, by his deputy, showing that the
■ " same property had been assessed by the
State Board of Equalization and the taxes
-'. ■ paid by the company.
Mr. Church, as the legal adviser of the
. board, said that it was the duty of that
• body to set a day for hearing and to sub
' pena witnesses and inquire as to whether
' it was a double assessment, and if they
• found it was then it was their duty to
. ' order the Auditor to strike the County As
sessor's assessment from the rolls. . The
• law on the question he read as follows:
Section 3805. When the Tux Collector dis
covers that any property has been assessed
■ more than once for the same year he must col
lect only the tax justly due and make return
. o( the facts, under affidavit, to the Auditor,
• who shall, when directed to 00 SO by the Board
of Supervisors, cancel one of said erroneous or
■ double assessments by an entry on the margin
of the assessment-book, as also on the delin
• ■ quent list, should such erroneous or double
assessment De carried therein *.* * pro
vided no cancellation of an erroneous or
' double assessment shall be made in any case
until the taxes, penalties and costs upon one
of such assessments shall have been paid.
The matter was set for hearing next
Monday at 2 p. m., wnen witnesses will be
present to give all sides of the question.
Assessor Dalton was emphatic in speak
ing of the matter. "This'is a scheme of
he railroad to keep from payins its taxes,
as they would if they had abided by my
assessment. They now come to get the
Supervisors to strike my assessment off
the roil, on the ground that they are
doubly assessed. I am not so sure about
it, however, and, even if it is, why
shou'd my assessment be stricken off the
rolls of this county t I made my assess
ment before the estate Board of Equaliza
tion, and they were fully aware of this.
"'Because I assessed the property at
something near its full value, the Board of
Equalization saw tit to assess it at a
nominal value so the company could
escape paying its share of the county's
taxes. If there is a double assessment, it
should be the last and illegal assessment
that should be stricken from the rolls. If
my assessments are stricken from the roll
it will leave a great deal of tbe company's
property unassessed."
BUILT A SCHOOL.
Parents at Palomarei Resent tbe Re
fusal to Grant Their
Petition.
OAKLAND, Cal., Jnne I.— The Super
visors having refused to establish a school
in t c Palomares District the residents of
thai place have taken the matter in their
own hands and nave erected a school
house. Although paying their quota of
taxes their petition was denied a few
months ago. As their children had to go
three miles to the nearest school, and as
the roads are impassable at times dur
ing the year, the parents decided to bo
their own school board. A building is
erected and a teacher has been secured.
The residents, however, find that the de
mand is rather heavy and they desire as
sistance from the county till such time as
| the number of children in attendance
shall make it compulsory for the authori
ties to make the school a part of the pub
lic school system.
D. L. Smart appeared before the Super
visors to-day and asked tliat the board
J appropriate $25 a month to help the salary
of the teacher. The school is located be
tween P:iloniares and Stony Creek.
Supervisor Taicott said that the petition
ers, who had asked for a school a short
time ago and oeen refused, went away de
claring that they would have a school,
regardless of the* County Superintendent
or the Board of Supervisors, and he be
lieved it very unwise for them to come
now and ask for aid. He was opposed to
granting it this year, and the matter was
taken under advisement.
Kending-Koonit Closed.
OAKLAND, Cal., June I.— The Board
of Library Trustees to-day caused all read
ing-rooms to be closed and through
out this month the rooms will remain
closed. This is the first time since the
rooms were opened several years ago that
they have been closed, but in order to
escape a deficit with the funds allowed
them by Mayor Davie in the tax levy, the
action had to be taken. The expenses of
curator's salaries, light, messenger ser
vice, etc., will be saved in tins way.
Friendly Conference.
OAKLAND, Cal., June I.— The Car
penters' Union of this city and the Mer
chants' Exchange are talking of having an
open meeting to secure a closer co-opera
tion of the industrial and mercantile in
terests of the city. The idea is put for
ward that by co-operation both could be
better protected from the irresponsible
contractors that defraud material men and
workmen. _^__^_______
ALAMEDA CITY TRUSTEES
The City Authorities Commence
To Remove Delanoy's
Poles.
The Democratic Factions -Endeavor
to Come to a Clear Under
standing.
ALAMEDA, Cal.. June I.— The Board
of City Trustees held ks usual meeting
t is evening. Accounts to the amount of
$884 were passed for payment. The en
gineer's report for May showed an ex
pense of $455 85 for coal, oil and wages.
Ordinance No. 316, passed in 18S4, relating
to the franchise given tne Alameda Elec
tric Light. Company and its powers to erect
poles, string wires and supply electricity
in the city, was repealed by a new ordi
nance, as the franchise had never been
utilized. The Poundmaster's report for
May showed that twenty-three dogs had
been impounded and destroyed, and one
horse impounded, and sold at a cost of $6
to the city.
The City Engineer was instructed to
prepare the grade on liuena Vista avenue
to Wt-bster street, at the request of Mrs.
M. W. Mastick. The ordinance relating
to the proper feeding of cows was passed.
The ordinance relating to the number of
cows to be kept on specified areas was also
passed. A majority protest was received
against the opening of Versailles avenue
to Harrison street. On Trustee Ham
mond's motion, it was decided to hear the
objections on Monday, June 15.
The Democratic Factions.
ALAMEDA, Cal., June I.— A meeting
of the members of the Democratic County
Committee was held this evening in the
Recorder's courtroom to try and straighten
out the tangle existing between the fac
tions. The Moffitt- Laymance end claims
there should only be one roll, and the
Daggett-Footeend have at least two rolls.
The West end contingent's war cry is
"honest politics and a fair deal for every
body." The west-enders contend for two
polling-places and two rolls and refuse to
sign the Park-street roll.
Death From Peritonitis.
ALAMEDA, Cal., June I.— A young
woman, aged 36 years, named Mrs. Eliza
beth CJarK, died at midnignt last night
from peritonitis after an illness lasting less
than a week.
Down Come Delanoy's Poles.
ALAMEDA, Cal., June I.— Street Super
intendent Frodden started in this after
noon to pull out the electric poles erected
by F. N. Delanoy. By 5 o'cluck three
poles had been taken out and carted to
the corporation yard.
DIED IN WANT.
k of the Pacific Mail.
but Wag Destitute.
OAKLAND, Cal., June I.— Lamber B.
Connor, once chief clerk for the Pacific
Mail Steamship Company in China, died
in destitution at 1765 Atlantic street, West
Oakland, this morning. He leaves a widow
and three small children, who are left
without a mouthful of food or shelter.
He had recently been doing extra work
as a switchman for the Southern Pacific,
but for the pant few days had been con
lined at home owing to illness. He wfts
not able to have a physician, anu died un
attended. The family have only had a
little bread for the past week, and his
wages for May only amounted to $15.
Bassett'a PolNTax.
OAKLAND, Cal, June I.— Poli-tax Col
lector Maloon was at the City Treasurer's
office this morning seeing whom he might
devour when who should hove in sight but
Councilman Bas-sett who came on his
wheel to see the Mayor. MaloA sug
gested poll-tax and Mr. Bassett declared
he'd be blanked if he would, and then
added as he saw that officer siziug up his
wheel, "Any fool ought to know I was 64
viars old." "Ob." was all that Maloon
could say, but later he consulted the great
register and found it corroborated Mr.
Baassttt
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JUNE 2, 1896.
General-in-Chief Ferdinand Levin yon Lindeman of the American Gospel Army.
OPEN CLASH OF
RELIGIOUS ARMIES,
General yon Lindeman
Says He Was Violently
Handled.
HIS STORY IS DOUBTED.
Ensign Reid of the Salvation
Army Trying to Find the
Assailant.
RIVALRY AT THE CITY HALL.
The Newcomer Pre-empted the Stand
Used for Years by the
Old Army.
Oakland Office Sajt Francisco Call,^
908 Broadway, June 1. (
A new religious army made its appear
ance in town last night and engaged in
open conflict with the Salvation Army on
the steps of the City Hall. It was thought
at first that the new arrival was a branch
of Ballington Booth's Volunteers, but it
was soon learned that the new arrival was
the general of a brand-new organization.
The new official, who called himself
General-in-chief Ferdinand Levin yon
Lindeman, got to the City Hall steps first
and opened his meeting. He was formerly
a member of General Booth's army, and
conducted his meeting on the lines of the
regular Salvationists. He calls his concern
the "American Gospel Army," and after
announcing his plan of work he sailed in
and denounced ■ the organization with
whicn he was formerly allied.
The Salvation Array went to the steps
at the usual time, and findine their usual
stand pre-empted at once took up a posi
tion on the other side of the entrance.
"I was born and raised under the Danish
flag," said the general-in-chief, "and have j
made a life study of this work. .1 am go- j
ing to establish a lifeboat in Oakland
which will provide a place for destitute
people to sleep in, an employment bureau
with no expense attached, and I shall dis
pense real charity. We do not compete
with the Salvation Army, but aim to re- !
lieve those" sufferers who require not only !
spiritual encouragement, but food and !
clothing."
The eenerai then told of a contest with j
an officer of the Salvation Army who, he I
said, tore a couple of decorations from his j
coat, threw them on the sidewalk and ]
ruined them.
This story was told to Ensign rteid and
an investigation is being made. Brigadier ;
Keppel is also trying to run down the j
story, as he does not believe anything of i
tbe kind was done by an oflicer of the Sal- I
vation Army.
"Ttiere is room in the world for all the
workers in a good cause," said Ensign
Reid to-day, "but nothing is to be gained
by antagonism. We are under strict
orders to decry nothing but wickedness.
Churches, missions and evangelists are our
WHERE LITTLE ONES WILL BE CARED FOR.
OAKLAND, * AL., Jane I.— The Home for Waifs at San Leandro will soon be
ready for dedication The building is being erected by the Sisters of St. Francis of
San FrancNco, and is a handsome structure, located on a three-acre tract about a
mile from town. It i- a three-story building, with brick basement, and has large,
wide and well-vent lated porches on all sides, so that the waifs can have a healthy
playground on every floor. Kcception-ruoms, dining-rooms of the Sisters, kitchen
and engine-room arc on the first floor. A handsome chapel, dormitories for the
Sisters and larger children will occupy the second story The third floor is the
nursery for the waifs, dormitories, playrooms, kindergartens and schoolrooms.
Every modern improvement that tends to insure good health has been placed in the
home.
friends and we realize that we are all seek
ing the same end by different means. The
officer of the Gospel Army said a great
deal about us last night, hut we are not
seeking a controversy. We have grown
from a small body that was regarded with
universal ridicule to a body that now
commands universal respect and we have
no need to defend ourselves. We are
minding our own business and if any
other organization works on tbe Bame
lines and tor the same purpose they are
our friends. I must say that I do not be
liey-; that Yon Lindeman was ever as
saulted by an ensign of the Salvation
Array. Any sober man that would act as
he says the assailant did would be guilty
of battery and disorderly conduct and
should be punished. lam tbe only ensign
on this side of the bay and 1 am very
anxious to have this matter sifted to the
bottom."
HEAVY FAILURE.
' Charles B. Shear Goes Into Insolvency,
With Twenty-Five Thousand
Dollars Liabilities.
OAKLAND, Cal., June I.— The failure
of Charles B. Shear, the dealer in bicycles,
hardware, etc., has startled the business
jof this city. His liabilities are set forth in
the petition In insolvency filed to-day as
$2:3,(385 44, and his assets are given as
| $14,176 37, of which $000 is claimed as ex
j empt.
Tne largest creditors are the March-
I Davis Cycle Company of Chicago, 111., for
$4857 96, and Hoibrook, Merrill & Stetson
1 of San Francisco, for $21.35 11, for which
j attachments were recently levied. These
! attachments forced Shear to go through
i insolvency. The largest individual creditor
is Mary L. Bennett of Cnico, Butte County.
wh<> holds unsecured promissory notes for
j50366!>4; to M. G. Shear ot Oakland is
owed s2ooo on an unsecured note; the Cali
fornia Bank is a creditor in the sum of
«600, Crane <S Co. of Oakland $ti!) 64, J. L.
Barker & Co. $89 ,>O, and the other Oak
land creditors are: William Sagehorn
$14 64, Jones &. Charles $20, Arthur Brown
$185 75. James Clymer $12, F. Perkins $10,
J. MiCrudden $5, E. Hi^ins $5, E. Suiii
vans!*and R. Washourss. Other credit
ors are:
Pan Francisco creditors— Armes & Dallatn,
| $193 80: Wiestei A Co., $895 70; W. p. Mor
gan.slo2 01; I'aoiflc Can Company, $73 60;
[ 11. Unna & Co., $:59 19; J. P. Bruwnlee, $28 78;
Gutta Percha Manufacturing Company,
846] 'J.j; AY. S. Ray Manufacturing Company,
sil 65; Hftwley Bros. Hardware Company,
$108 03; James Graham, £17 47; Qldben,
Sexton ct Co.. $76 80; Seller A Co., $135 34;
Blake, Moffitt & Towne, $22 45; H. Tay Com
pany, $1202; Baker & Hamilton, $190 58;
Whitman & Barnes Manufacturing Company,
$4 25; Duuharn, Carrigan, lltiydcn Company,
8175 85; Boston Woven Hose Company,
$4!) 15; G. F. Morweal, $2 60; Mohrig & Mor
rill, 65 cents.
Cleveland, Ohio — George H. Timmerman,
.*7o:t 19, and liangler Stove Manufacturing
Company, $332 75.
Los Angeles, Cal.— H. O. Haines. $3 59.
AN AGED CONVERT.
Venerable Congregational Worker Is
Immersed to Follow His Savior's
Footsteps and Become* a Baptist.
OAKLAND, Cal., June I.— Obed Chart,
a venerable looking old Conerregationalist
of 90 years, was baptized by Rev. C. D.
Hobart of the First Baptist Church before
the morning service yesterday. Mr. Chart
recently came to this city from Sonoma,
and for more than sixty years has been a
strong Congregationalism but becoming
convinced that baptism by immersion was
the form of baptism followed in Chrjst's
time he decided to be immersed and join
ti.e Baptist church.
For many years he has been the main
stay of the Congregational Church at So
noma. He and his wife were the first
members to join the little church there
and, often when no minister was present,
he would orliciate at the service. He is
now living with his niece here since his
wife died.
THE DEMOCRACY
IS ENROLLED,
Alameda County Waits
Breathless for Friday's
Primaries.
BANQUET FOR DAGGETT.
It Will Be Given Him by His
Friends if Fitzgerald Is
Successful.
AN OUTPOURING OF DEMOCRATS
More Are Listed in Many Wards
Than # Voted for Governor
Btdd.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,)
908 Broadway, June 1. )
The Democratic club rolls closed to
night and from now till next Friday even
ing, when the primaries will be held, a
Democrat who' does not want buttonhol
ing had better take a trip out of the county.
The leaders of the two factions have been
taking a rest after the "red-eyed" inter
views that were published last week and
have been busy seeing that none of their
friends will be challenged at the primaries
because their names are not on the club
roll. Every Democrat has been seen and
persuaded to come into line, and not such
a combing of the wards in the city has
been done for years. At this time it is ab
solutely impossible to predict the result,
and no one would be surprised were either
side to score a very phenomenal victory
at the polls.
Some surprise has been expressed at the
enertetic manner in which John P. Irish
threw himself into the ti^ht to aid the Dag
gett forces just before leaving for the Yo
semito. Wuen Frank J. Moffitt was asked
what he thought about Irish's effort to
keep the crater from cooling off he said:
"The voice of Irish is like a bell — it strikes
when it is hit and the harder it is hit the
louder it sounds. Irish's oratory is lost on
Alameda County, but when the rest of the
railroad's forces join hands Irish has got
to fall in."
R. M. Fitzgerald is sti.l denying that he
is beins backed by Daggett and the Fed
eral brigade, while the friends of Lay
mance declare that they discover fresh
evidence of the power of the Mint each
day. The fight is particularly bitter in the
Sixth Vv'ard, as it is said that there are six
employes of the Mint in that ward, and
they a"c all working tor Fitzgerald.
A sample of a canvass- made to-day in
one precinct of the Fourth Ward shows
how evenly the forces are matched and
now uncertain is the result. Fifty six
Democrats are enrolled, and of these 19
were for Laymance, 17 for Fitzgerald and
20 were non-committal. The same pro
portion would probably be found in every
ward in the city, with the exception of the
Third, which is Moffitt's ward, and where
he is very popular.
It is reported to-day that the Fitzgerald
men are so confident of victory that they
have taken steps to give John Daggett a
complimentary dinner over here in the
event of success. Certain it is that the
Fitzgerald men are very confident of suc
cess, though it is not easy to see on what
their claim is based. The usual race and
religious differences that have figured so
much in recent political fights are about
evenly divided. Men of all faiths are
working hard on both sides, and the fight
is simply a struggle for the control of the
county Democracy between John Daggett
and W. W. Foote.
The returns from the club rolls, which
closed at 9 o'clock to-night, show the fol
lowing enrollments:
First }Yard 160, total vote for Governor
Budd b'.iS; Second Warn 418, for Budd
ct'2'.i; Third Ward 412, for Budd 462; Fourth
Ward 520. for Budd 567; Fifth Ward 189,
for Budd 320; Bixth Ward 518, for Budd
559; Seventh Ward 278, for Budd 411;
Brooklyn Township 76, for Budd 224.
These figures show the heaviest enroll
ment ever known for a Democratic pri
mary. The Third Ward is the home of
W. W. Foote, F. J. Moffit and Postmaster
White, and the enrollment is within forty
of the total Democratic vote at a general
election. Not a friend has been missed,
and a more perfect canvass was never
made. The Sixth Ward also shows how
thoroughly voters have been induced to
come out and enroll. Only forty names
les3 on the roll than voted for Budd. In
the Fourth Ward nearly the same show
ing is made. In the First, the strong
railroad ward, the enrollment is remark
ably light, little more than one-quarter
signing the rolls.
A peculiar state of affairs exists in the
Fourth Ward. J. Harrington is the com
mitteeman who had charge of that ward
and he appointed his clerk, James Shanly.
When the first roll was full Shanly took it
home and when the enrollment closed
to-night Harrington demanded the com
plete roll. Shanly refused to give it up
until he had his pay. Harrington took
what was in sight, but Sbanly positively
refused to bring the other half from his
trunk unless he is first paid for his ser
vices. His half contains the first 300
names and the situation may lead to some
complications if the result or the primary
in that ward should be close.
W. B. English said to-night that there
will be about 5000 votes cast at the primary
all over the county. At all townships
otner than Brooklyn, the primaries will be
open and the great register alone will be
u^ed.
DEMOCRATIC ORDERS.
Important Change In the Time
Allowed for Voting.
OAKLAND, Cal., June 1. — As soon as
the returns of the heavy enrollment were
received at headquarters an executive
meeting of the County Committee was
called to order.
It was stated that the original period
provided in tho call for voting at the
primaries, viz: 7 p. m. to 10 r. m., was
altogether too short to allow of the bal
loting of the enrolled names, and it was
decided by a unanimous vote to open the
polls at noon next Friday and keep them
open till 10 r. m.
It was also agreed upon between M. J.
Laymar.ce and 11. M. Fitzgerald that they
would use the same kind of paper, and
that their ballots should be of the same
size, so that once in the box nothing could
serve as a guide to the progress of the con
test.
At each polling-place Laymance will ap
point one judge and Fitzgerald the other,
and the other officers of election will be
appointed by the committeoman from the
ward. This will give some appointments
to each side.
The matter of the missing half of the
Fourth Ward Club roll was also brought
up. R. M. Fitzyerald stated that he had
caused a duplicate to be made as the en
rollment progr ssed and all parties con
sented to accept the duplicate as authori
tative.
This will leave Shanly in possession of
his half roll, and it looks now as if he
would keep it as a memento of the gener
osity of the Democracy toward its servants.
There will be two tickets in the field
next Friday in every polling-place in the
county and not an inch of ground will be
j unconteeted.
Auction Sales
CII AS. LEVY & CO., AUCTIONEERS,
•Salesrooms— ll3s Market Street,
Between Seventh and Eighth. Regular Saleday
Tuesdays and Fridays. Telephone, Jessie 781.
thYsTdaY.
Tuesday :.' June 2, 1896,
- At 10 o'clocic a. m,. at salesroom.
1135 MAKK.ET ST.. bet. 7th and Bth.
WE WILL SELL ..
Elegant Line of Carpets. Furniture, Upright Piano,
PoKKr Tables, Combination Safe Paintings, etc.
CHAtj. LKVY & CO., Auctioneers.
LAURMCE VI\ T T T
Will, SELL AT PUBLIC AUCTION
THIS AFTERNOON,
Tuesday June 3, 1896,
. At 2 o'clock on the premises,
1123 Florida St., Between 23d and 24th
(llowani-s:. cars half bock from residence),
THE A!J!ST NEW mtJiTURE If RESIDENCE,
....COMPRISING
Parlor Suit, Oak Chamber Suit, New Carpets,
Dining- room Furniture, Fine Range and
Kitchen Requisites.
• Not The ■ furniture was purchased on the
25th of last April.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
A Slocum, Clear Lake fl Block, Boston
G Hursh, Watsonvllle U Wood A wf, Han Joae
v Pitt, Boulder Creet A H Hart, N V
T Kennedy, Napa R G Adams. N V
C F Choate, Benicia >lr-t H Prinz, Monterey
I KWk, Florida Miss L Prtns, Monterey "»
(i Alexander it wf.S Jose Mi<s» E Schmidt, Montrey
R Campbell, Baltimore Mi-s M Sargent, .srocktn
H P Tabor, Auburn Q Vandever. Stanford
W D Long. Nevada City A I- l'oole. Stanford
C Heydnrli. Philadl;jhfa G Rivers & fin, Oregon
(; Page. Haltimore SV Levinston & fm. N V
Mrs A Johnson, Oregon E J McGanney, N V
J A Haskell. California Mrs C HUble, Denver
D Prake, Stockton Master Hiabif. Denver
Miss A Lewis. Portland .1 J Bunker, New York.
Mrs Ht'.yes, Lakeport Mrs Masot. New York
Mlxs Jlays, Lakeporc E Smith & wf, Oakland
W t Atkins, Por" and M E Jr.ckson, Portland
j Miss E Gardner. Fr«sno Miss 1. Baker, Fresno
Mrs A G Baker, Kresno W 11 Johnston, Eureka
Miss C Johnston.Eureka Miss B Johnston, Eureka
B A < nrdley, Dncn Spgs O M Smi:li, Denver
s Ji Westfall, sac J a Gill, Sao
L P Behrens & w,Kedwd ft C llouseworth, Colusa
City J II ( units t-Ot Angeles
J H Smith, Colusa J \V Crutches. Colusa
B P Taber, Auburn M A Hudson, U'atsoiivlle
M Moody, Pasadena E A HenabOCk, st Louis
J D Bradley, Merced L M Hale & w, San Jose
W M Gibson, Ls Angeles M B Magneson, Uoss Vly
W E Dargie, Oakland
PALACE HOTEL.
A J Weatherhead, Ohio J F Doyle Jr. N V
C L Hevrin <fe w. X V J J Graves. N V
A J Shores * w, Mont R Sewell * w. N V
Mrs H T Booryin, N V C C Barnbaugh, N V
Miss B0 Barubaugh.N V A H McFmlden Aw, N V
Mrs R Haley, N V Miss X r, Hatebt, N V
W Pilgrim, H V Miss L Hanenbly, N V
C X Wallace. NY F E Gordan, N V
F W Fantchell, N V Mrs K Carey, N V
Miss Carey. N V Miss M T;l3b c. N V
Miss E Swift, NY Ji Cabrooch & w, N V
Miss A Kladner, N V Miss H Kimberly, N V
C II Wilson, NY G J Penrield, ihicago
J 8 Klotz, NY (. E Howard a n. stnfrd
0 N Little A w, Stanford Miss EOitoalt. Stanford
Mrs staples, san Jose J H Qiddings, Minn
>l schenck, Minn E A Perkins, N V
Mr A Mrs Harkln, NY Ai" Burleigh, Seattle
R D Grant. Mont G A Clark, Mont
J Btevens. Portland Miss Sullivan, Chicago
Miss C Cudahay, < uicago G B McMillan, N V
KP Cross. Stanford Miss Holborn, Ixindon
MiasA A Williams. Wales I) L Plumtner <fe w, Wis
J Mcconnell & w, Chicno W II Ailderice, U S N
F Godfrey, Grand Hapids Miss Godfrey.Gnd Kapds
W W Thbains, Stanford C B Dlehl, Stanford
Miss Cay an, >tanf»rd I B Peakes, Stockton
O V Eaton, Stanford Mrs J E Church, Pasdna
COSMOPOLITAN HOTEL.
E Barrett, Stockton J Borer <fc w, Portland
L 0 Barron, Stockton IMKitzjeraldife f, Stoc^tn
R M smith, Fre«no N \V r Be< ktcl, Santa Kosa
E Thompson, Fresno W A DuftVy, Sacramento
W A Mitcheli, Merced O M Halste.id, 1 os Ang
L A Elane <fc i, Fresno J C Brown, Johnsville
X M Dunn, Jonnsville F Goetz <fe w, Han Jose
A Keller, Santa Rosa A Claude. Merced
J Hall, Vancouver W B M;;ulen, Marysvlll?
Miss Lowe, NY H \ Seipel <fe w, Portland
E D White, Denver B Howard, Madera
Miss M Kane, N V J Kan-. N V
V Morrison, Denver M J O'Brien, Salt Lake
L C Richards. Salt Lake F Holt, s-.ockton
D M Jacobs, S'apa F Marks, Oakland
NEW WESTEUN HOTEL.
M .T Waver, Lytton Sp? 3 RManlsy. Victoria
E J Strauss <fe w. B C 11 Watkin, Boston
H E McGunigal, Prtlnd X L Witherspoon, Wash
J Eddy, What-om J L Spracrue, L-» Angeles
s Keaing, Los Angeles H Irons, Seattle
W Armli,age, Seattle JAngell, Spokane
X Bowers. Spokane B R Turner, Spokane
.1 t Clark & w, Tiicoma H L Lunt, Taioraa
Z I Williams, Tacoma G F Lewis &w, L Angles
J de Wite, Los Angeles
BALDWIN HOTEL.
T R Cutler, Salt Lake W n Shradpr, Ohio
B a Kpinall, NY J M smith, Stockton
Mrs II M Markhara, 111 Miss D Isner, Godwin Co
FII Goodwin &w.N V* C A Ihindyside & wf,
T D Valentine, N V GooJwin *'o
A C LighthaM, Denver B M Mimzesheimer, N V
M R O'Brien. Cal J Doyle. Marysville
H 8 ockton, Sacramento F A Morton <fe w, Fresno
T Uurni, Seattle H Fair, Portland
T Richerson, St Louis Z Moses, N Jersey
H Miiler. Chicago M N Martin. Los Ang
1! A Ball, san Diego Mrs H Scott. Flower
Missßonner, N V H Miller, N V
TKUSTKES' SALES.
TRUSTEES' SALE.— IN ACCORDANCE WITH
■JL the terms and under the authority of a certain
deed of trust, duly executed by MELVIXA J.
DAYTON and DATVS D. DAYTON (her hus- !
band'), parties of the first part, to HENRY U.
CAMPBELL and THADDKTJB B. KENT, Trus-
tees, parties of the second part, and the HAN
FRANCISCO SAVINGS UNION, party of the
third part, dated December 2 1st. 1893, an t recorded
in the office of the County Recorder of the County
of Tulare, State of California, in liber 10 of Trust
Deeds, at pages 393, and following, an.'l in pursu-
ance of a resolution passed on the .23d 'lay of
April. 1896, by the Board of Directors of said BAN
FRANCISCO SAVINGS UNION, a corporation, I
and the holder of the note (No. 1'J.687), to secure ;
payment ot which the aforesaid deed of trust was
executed, declaring that default had been made in
the payment of the principal sum and other sums,
due untler said note and deed of trust, and request-
ing and directing said HENRY 11 CAMPBELL ;
and TH ADDED. SB. KENT, Trustees, to sell the i
real estate described therein to satisfy said indebt- i
edness.
\Ve, KENRY C. CAMPBELL and THADDEUS
B. KENT, Trustees, do hereby give notice that on ;
TUESDAY, the 16th day of June, A. D. 1896. at
12 o'clock, noon, of that day. and at the auction i
salesroom :of taston, Eldridge & Co., No. 638 j
Market street, in the City and County of San Fran-
cisco, State of California, we will sell at public
auction, to the highest bidder, for cash in gold coin
of the United States, all the pieces or parcels of
land situate in the County of Tulare, State of Cali-
fornia, described as follows, to wit
According to the official plats and system of sur-
veys of the Government of the United States:
In Township Twenty (20) south, RangeTwenty-
four (24) East, Mount Diablo B ise and Meridian.
Of Section Twenty-three (23), the northeast
quarter of the northeast quarter (NE 14 of NE 14),
and lots numbers one (1) and two I'J), containing
one hundre 1 and forty and eighty-nine one-hun-
dredths (140.89) acres of land:
Excepting therefrom, however, a strip of land
one hundred (100) feet wide, lying equally on each I
side of the southern Pacific Railroad Company's j
track constructed on said land, together with the
appurtenances. ' .
TERMS OF SALE.— Cash In Gold Coin of the
United States: ten per cent payable to the under-
signed on the fall of the hammer: balance on de-
livery of deed; and if not so paid, unless for want
ot title (ten days being allowed for search), then
said ten per cent to be forfeited, and the sale to be
void. Acts of sale at purchaser's expense.
HENKY C. CAMPBELL, 1 T n, -
THADDEUS B. KENT, f"'"'""
TRUSTEES' SALE-IN ACCORDANCE WITH
■L the terms and under the authority of a certain
ded of trust, duly executed by OTTO BRANDT,
party of the first part, to HEN RY C. CAMPBELL
and ;THADDEUS B. . NT, Trustees, parties of
lie second part, and the San Francisco Savings
Union, party of the third part. dated February Bth,
1893, and recorded in the office of the County Re-
corder 01 the county of Tulare, State of California,
in Liber 10 of Trust Deeds, at page '265, and follow-
ing: and in pursuance of a resolution passed on
the 14th day of May, 1896, by the Board of Direc-
tors of said Pan Francisco savings Union, a cor-
poration, und the holder of tbe note (No. 12,292).
to secure payment of : which the aforesaid deed of
trust was ; executed, declaring that default had
been made in the payment of the principal sum
and other sums, due under said note and deed of
trust, a d requesting and dlrec:ing said Ili-.NKY
C. CAMPBELL and THADDKUS B. KENT,
'1 rustees. to sell the real estate described therein
to satisfy said Indebtedness. ■■■ '-.-■■■■
We. HR.\KY C. CAMPBELL and .THADDEUS
B.KKNT, Trustees, do hereby give notice that on
TUESDAY, the 23d day of June, A. D. 1896, at 12
o'clock noon of that day, and at the auction sales-
room of Easton, Eldrldge & Co., No 638 Market
streit, In the City and County of San Francisco,
state of California, we will sell at public auction,
to the highest bidder, for cash in gold coin of . the
United btatrs, all the pieces or parcels of land sit-
ua'.e In the county of Kings (formerly part of thA
county of Titian), atate of California, described M
follows, to wit: .
According to the official plats and system of sur-
veys of the Government of the Uni:ed States:
v In township nineteen (19) south, range twenty-
one (21) east,. Mount Diablo base ana meridian. .-
Of section thirty (30). the northwest quarter
(NW.i/4). = .
Of section thirty-two (32), the northwest quar-
ter (NW. 1/4). .
■Containing! three hundred and twenty (320)
acres of land, more or less. '
. Together with the appurtenances.
•Terms of sale— Cash in gold coin of the United
States; ten per cent payable to the undersigned on
the fall of the hammer; • balance on delivery of
deed; and if not so paid, unless for want of title
(ten days being allowed , for search), then said ten
per cent, to be forfeited and the sale to be void. '
Acts of sale at purchaser's expense. /
HEN RY C. CAM BELL, Tr t .
THADDEUS B.KENT, •/ lru 8 le «-
ORIENTAL CURIOS.
Antique and Modern High Art
419 KEARN'Y ST.
THIS DAY.
Tuesday June 3, 1896,
AT 2 P. M.
More than 100 cases of new goods ex 6. S. China,
opened and now on sale, consisting of every kind
of Japanese and Oriental good*, including Rugs of
every size, Antique Bronzes, Kagn Satsuma, Awata,
Cloisonne, Blshue, Kochl. etc.. etc.
; Two elegant presents given to the ladles dally
' attending the sale at 2p. m. Chairs for the ladles.
F. T. KKI-.LAK. Auctlonwr.
/*9VDEWEY&CO.>gg»I
X? *PA T E NTS r J
marketlst.s.f^>£S/ '
oceait steamships:
ASTORIA ANLPORTLANtt
$2.50 Second Class, $5 First Class.
MEALS AND BERTHS INCLUDED.
Etate of California sails. .Jnne 2, 12 and 22
Columbia sails '...... June 7, 17 and '11
From Spear-st Wharf (Pier 24) at 10 a. U.
COODaLL, PERKINS A CO., GenU Snpts.
< F. F. UN Null, General Agent,
j 630 Market street.
PACIFIC COAST STEAMSHIP COMPACT
CUT RATES
TO
VICTORIA, B. C, and
PUCET SOUND.
First Class $8.00
Second. Olass-.JSOO
Meals and berth Included.
Ticket Office— 4 Sew Montgomery Street
GOODALL, PERKINS** CO.,
General Agents.
PACIFIC coast STMMSHIP company
STEAMERS WILL SAIL FROM Jfff\.
O liroadway wharf, Sau Francisco, us T^tafft
follows:
For Mary Island. Lorln*, Wrangel. Juneau. itli-
lisnoo ana Hitka (Alaska), at a a. m., June 3,
13, 18. V! 8 July X, I.H, -in, W.
For Victoria find Vancouver (B. C), Port Town-
Rend, Seattle. Tacoma, Everett, Anacortes and New
Whatcom (Bellinifljam Bay, Wash.). .9 a. M.
June 8. . 13. 18, 38. '28., ana every fifth
day thereafter, connecting at Vancouver wltli
the C. P. R. R., at. Tacoma with N. P. R. R.,
at Seattle with G. N. Ry., at Por; Townsend wltli
Alaska steamers.
For Eureka, Arcata and Fields Landlnz (Ham-
boldt Bay i str. Pomona, '3 p. m.. June -, •!• 10,
14 1 B. -•_'. 2« 8 i and every fourth day thereafter.
For Santa Cruz, Monterey, San Simeon, Cayucoi,
Port Harfor.l (San Luis Obinpo), Oaviota, Santa
Barbara, Ventura, Hueneme. San Pedro. East ssao
Pedro (Los Angeles) ana Newport, at 9 a. m.. June
4. 8. la, IU. i!u, '2i. 28 and every fourth day there-
after.
For San Die^o, stopping only at Port Harfor 1
(San Luis Obispo), Santa Barbara, Port Lot
Angeles, Redondo (Los Anzeles) and Newport. 11
a. m.. .in •■ '2. *; l>>. 14; 1 8, -'-'. -^6, 30 and every
fourth day thereafter.
For Ensenada, San Jose del Cabo, Mazatlan, La
Faz. Altata and Ouaymas (Mexico), s:r. Orizaba,
10 a. m.. June '2, '21, ana 25th of eacn month there-
aft r.
TicKet office, Palace Hotel, 4 New Montgomery
street.
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO., Geni Agent*.
' 10 Market st, ban Francisco.
OCEANIC S.S. CO. f\ days TO
HAWAII, SAMOA, |Uk HONOLULU
NEW ZEALAND, Ija by
AUSTRALIA. \Jfs.S. AUSTRALIA.
a. S. AUSTRALIA for HONOLULU only. Tues-
day, June 16, at 10 a. m. Special party rats.
S. B. ALA-MI. DA sails via HONOLULU and
AUCKLAND for SYDNEY, Thursday, June 25,
I at 2 p. m.
I Line to COOLGARDIE, Aust.,and CAPETOWN
j South Africa. . ■ .
J. D. SPRECKELS <!: BROS. CO.. Agts.
114 Montgomery st.
Freight Office. 327 Market st,. San Francisco.
COSPAGJIE GENERAL TRA&SATLiITiqOB
French. Line to Havr«>.
POMPAXV'SI'IEK (NEW). 42 NORTH n, ji
\J Kiver, foot, of Morton st. Travelers by •fcFg^SSJ
! this line avoid both transit oy English railway
I the discomfort of crossing the channel In a small
boat. New Yorit to Alexandria, Egypt, via Paris,
I ljrst-ciass $1 tiU: second-ciass. *1 lti
j I.A TOURAINE. Capt. Santclli ..May 2$ Ba. m.
LA KORMANDIE May 23. 8 A. K.
; LA GASCOGNE ....Ju 6 20, 7 a.m.
! LA M)«iUNI)IiS July 4. 6 a. m.
i LA OAS-000NE....: July 25. 11 a. 11.
j I.A NORMANDIE ;..... Anvust 1, Si.it
LA rsoUROOGNE. Capt. Leb'ieuf. June 6, 7 a. m.
tg- For further particulars apply to
_ -.*■■■ A. FORGE r, Agent,
.-; - No. 3 Bo v Ins Green, New Yorlc
J. T. FUG A/I & CO., Agents. 5 Montgomsrr
1 «venue. San Franciacb. •
g^m-K lIMDEfi-HttrCll LNB
rr«??s^teC^s-, twin-screw express
-— ■ ~" linMi* r * " . Line from New York to
i Plymouth (London), Ch'-rbour.;, i ans it uamHur;.
! Normannia. June 11 I F. Bismarck. ...June 25
! A. Victoria. June 18 | Columbia. ..July a
\ I. Cab.. $9.> and upward; 11. Cab., $50 and upward
PLYMOUTH-LONDON. 1 ' „ h.. free of charge ,
by special train; CHERBOUKG-PARIS. 6y 3 h.
For passage apply to HAMBURG-AMERICAN'
| LINE. 37 Broadway, N. V.. or to KAII.V A HER.
I ZOG, Agents. 401 California st.. San Francisco. CaL
STIR IM.
United States and Royal Hail Steamers
BKTWKX3T
New York, Queenstown & Liverpool.
SAILING EVKKf WJUUK. •
CABIN, $60 AND UPWARD, ACCORD- smsm
ing to steamer ami Bfcoramndat:»ns sS9t
•elected: second cabin, $86 and *40: ilaj-»i.ic
Teutonic steerage Tickets from England, Ire-
land, Scotland, Sweden, Norway and Dmmarlc
through to »an. Francisco at lowest rates. Tickota.
jailing dates and cabin plans may be procured
from W. H. A VERY, Pacific Mail Pock, or at the
General Office of the Company, 618 Market street
nnOor urand Hotel. v. W. fletcher.
General Agent for Pacific Coask
ROYAL MAIL STEAM PACKET COMPACT.
STEAMERS LEAVE ASPINWALL /MS.
i* fortnightly for the West Indies and '^398
Southampton, calling en ronte at Cerbourgh,
France, and Plymouth to land passengers.
Through bills of lading, in connection with the
Pacific Mail 8. S. Co., Issued for freight and treas-
ure to direct ports in England and Germany.
Through tickets from San Francisco to Plymouth,
Cherbourg, Southampton. First class, $195; third
Class, 97 60. For further particulars apply to
PARROTT & CO., Agents,
. 306 California str
STOCKTON STEAMERS
Leave Pier No. 3. Washington St..
At 5 r. m : Daily.
Sunday at 7 I*. M.
• jjs- Accommodations Reserved by Telephone.
»h;amkrs:
T. C. Walker, J. D. Peters,
Mary Uarratt, City of Stockton*
Telephone .Main 805. Cal. Nay. and Impt. Co
WLEJO. IiRI ISLISD. 'BEJICIA, PORT
COSTA AM CROCKETT.
STB. : JIONTIOJKLLO,
Dally, except Saturday and Sunday— lo:Bo A, »
and 4 F. *. ;; Saturday, 10:30 a. m., 3:30 r. Ml
Sunday— B p. m. .
•4 r. K. only.
Landing, Mission 1, Pier •>
' /T"^ Dr.jGtibl}on's Dispensary,
ImJ| O2 *> KEARX Y NT. Established
VST I IKS in I*s-» tor the treatment of Privates
Kk* J&.'££3l Diseases. Lost Manhood. Debility or
**« §«$%« disease wearing on bodyand mind and
m| yQBHnTg Skin Diseases. The doctor cures when
■^jßgHmj others fail. Try him. Charges low.
/XilSifiasS <'">'<' "SU aru 11 1 «•«■«!. Call or writ p.
Dr. J. W. «.{i;m>.\. Box 11KJ7, dan Francisco.
imaMJAMI WILCOX COMPOUND
Tf WILCOX COMPOUND
ANSY9P/LLS
"J™ ante and SURE. Always reliable. - Tak*
BO substitute. Forsalebyalldrupgists. 12.00. Bend
4c. for Woman' « Safeguard. WILCOX SPECIFIC
CO., 228 SOUTH EIGHTH BT..PHILADA..PA.;
1314
SAN FRANCISCO "CALL."
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco Cai>l/~
TIO Market street, open until 12 o clodk ever]
atgnt in the yenr.
branch OFFICE"*— 63O Montgomery street
corner Clay ; open until 9:80 o'clock.
389 Hayes street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
71, T Larkin street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
BW. corner Sixteenth and Mission street*, op«i
a mil 9 oV'ock.
2518 Mission street, open until 9 o'clock.
116 Ninth street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
NOTICE OF MEETINGS.
CALIFORNIA CHAPTER NO. 5, m
_fr-~ R. a. M.. will meet THIS _^V.
(TUESDAY! EVENING. June*., at T:»i^Jf
o'clock. stated meeting. P. M. and M. E. / v
M. degrees. By orrier of the H. P.
FRANKLIN H. day, Secretary.
W^SS* PACIFIC LODGE NO. 138, P. AND •
EpSe? A. M.. 121 Eddy St.— Stated meeting **
THIS EVENING. . /O\
GEORGE PENLINGTON. Secretary. f^r
(CS» HERMANN LODGE No. 127. F. «
tSZ** and A. M.— Called meeting Tills «_F^-
PAY (TUESDAY), June 2. 1896, a. 1 :S0 fkjfc.
o'clock p. m., at the hall. Masonic Temple, > A
for the funeral services of our deceased^ brother,
NICHOLAS LOHSE. By order of the \\ .M.
L. SCHUMACHER, Secretary.
irS' CALIFORNIA LODGE NO. 1, F. m
»* :^ and A. M.— Officers and members are _Jr%_
hereby notified to attend the funeral of mLJw
Brother JACOB DAVIDSON, late a mem-/V 1
ber of Lodge No. 3, Philadelphia, Pa., in King
Solomon Hall. Masonic Temple, THIS DA>
(Tuesday), at 10 a. m. sharp, June 2. By order of
tie Master. FRANKLIN H. DAY, secretary.
mrSP ORIENTAL LODGE NO. 144, F. •
u rZ£r and A. M.— Stated meeting and F __»%_
C. degree THIS (TUESDAY) EVENING,^V
at 8 o'clock. A. S. HUBBARD. Sec. >~y>
■__=• GOLDEN GATE LODGE, NO. 30, _■
iS^? F. and A. -Stated meeting THIS JV_
(TUESDAY) EVENING, June 2, at7:3ojr3f
o'clock. GEORGE J. HOBE, Secretary, /sjr^
ffc^S* FRANCO-AMERICAN oSfc»S&Sfc.
3>-— ■ Lodge No. 207, I. O. O. F.-The :
officers and members are requested to
meet at their hail. WEDNESDAY. -"WHW!
June 3, 1896, at 1:30 p. m.. to a' tend the funeral
of our late brother, FRANK LACUA.
TH. SCHABIAGUE, N. G.
R. Lavioke, Sec. -
|P_^3s» PBAN CO- AMERICAN _«_SS_»ir
W3? Lodge No. 207. I. O. O. F,, will _S>__^
meet THURSDAY, June 4. a: 8 P. M. "^?liS§Rp^
Election of officers for the ensuing 'WiS^
term. Initiation of candidates. Officers and
members are earnestly requested to be present.
' T. IsEHABIAGUE, N. G.
R. Lavirsk, Secretary.
jjjpqip TO THE OFFIUERS A XD~jk~~~
atoms' members of the Austrian Benevo-gJjSfej
lent society.— You are hereby notified 10 *|nM$|r
attend your quarterly meeting, WEIiNES-
DAY EVENING, June 3, at 8 o'clock, at *="*
your hall. 413 Sutter St. Each and every mem-
ber is requests to be present for Important busi-
ness. Fines for non-attendance will be strictly
enforced. By order. M. SCANATICH, Pres.
A. C'onnich, Secretary.
P. Members having picnic tickets must make
1 urn- for same at this meeting.
SB® 3 NOTICE OF STOCKHOLDERS' MEET-
u^-^ ing— Pacific Coast Jockey Club. Notice is
hereby given that a meeting of the stockholders
of the Pacific Coast Jockey Club, a corporation,
will be held on TUESDAY, the 2d day of June.
1896, at the hour of 11 a.m.. a the office of the
company, Parlor A, Palace Hotel, in the City and
County of San Francisco, State of California, for
the purpose of electing a board of directors for the
ensuing year and transact such other business
as may legally conic before the meeting.
A. B. SPRECKELS, President.
W. S. Lease, Secretary.
San Francisco. Cal., May 15. 1896.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
ttT^ FOLLOWING ABE THE LUCKYNUM-
f£^& hers which drew prizes at the Fruit and
Poultry Dealers' Association picnic at Agricul-
tural Park, San Jose, last Sunday, May 31,
1 896. Orders for . the above prizes to be had
at J. WITT'S, Bay City Market, stalls 9 and
10. 1146 Market "st. : No. 1—1458; 2—118;
3-168: 4-1806: 5-150: 6-255; 7—271:
8-797: 9-227: 10-184: 11-1011: 12-396;
13-235: 14-1853: 15-1138; 16-738: 17—730:
18—158: IP— 1884: 20—1852: 21-1015;
22 -273 . 23-1022; 1831; 25-300; 26-1412;
27-128: 28-174; 29-1444; 30-153; 31-
-1888; 32-294: 33-785: 34-347; 35 —
1820: 36—1427; — 1801; -. 88 — 1480;
- 265; 40 - 165; 41 - 1818; 42 - 1802;
43-1448; 44-236: 45-289: 46—195: 47—
716; 48-1821: 49-1477; 50-767.; 51—301:
fi_-_5O; 53-1434; 54-1831; 55—1855:
56—194: 67-325: 58-1450: 59-1861;
60-1419; 61—1139: 62-383: 63-216;
64-1866: 65-224: 66-295; 67—240; 68—
1^07: 69-282: 70—1815; 71-1140; 72—
288 73— 192; 74—247: 75-771: 76-
-297: 77-276: 78—259; 760; 80—1817;
81—768: 82-1872: 83-1819; 84-388:
85-1496: 86-1816; 87-251; 88-304; 89-23.':
90-1823; 91-; 632: 92—1442: 93—395; 94—1617;
95—113: 96—796: 97-1638; 98-323; 99—348:
100-1470; 101—793; 102—182; 103— 191; 104-
-328: 105-322.
fP~S= THE HELVETIA VEREIN, SAN I
&<& Francisco, held its seventh annual picnic I
Sunday. May 31, a- Harbor View Park. Presidio. \
The following winning gate prizes can be called
for at 627 becramento st. until June 30, 1896:
154. 1459, 1403, 948, 937, 1449, 1773, 815. 996. j
1234. 412. 730, 1514, 1442. 1513, 650, 1678, 809,
USB, 1220. 1796, 1683.1778,1225. 1653. 902. !
1-61, 48, 1290,1500. 1491, 1230, 820, 84, 1211, j
994, 812. 1762, 1127, 1276. 1135, 254. 877.
THE COMMITTEE.
|P"g= R. HARRISON HAS REMOVED FROM
BFjS' 1118 Market st to 11 Taylor.
jjftsg=> ATTOiiNEY-AT-LAW K. KING, KK-
fcF-i^ moved to Chronicle bldg., room 91; advice
free; debts, insolvency, legal papers, all cases;
fees low; open evenings, 8 to 9.
K5» NuTICE— PART OF THE PRIZE TICK-
la— " ets has been missing of tbe Retail Fruit and
Poultry Dealers' Association, at their picnic held
In Ban Jose yesterday, therefore all doaa.orsare
kindly requested to keep their donations until du-
plica prize tickets are issued by the association,
By order of the COMMITTEE.
f£_3p COFFJ-Y'S COLLECTION"" CO.. 235
U>— ' Kearny st., ejects bad tenants for $10; all
costs paid. Telephone Red 364.
ff^jg 1 * BAD TENANTS EJECTED FOR $4:
* ; -^ collections made, city or country. Pacific
Collection Co., 415 Monizv st..' room 6. TeL 6580.
SITUATIONS WA.MEU-FEMALE.
AMERICAN GIRL WANTS POSITION FOR
-._ general housework; country preferred. FEN-
TON <fc CO.
STYLISH DRESSMAKER WISHES MORE
engagements by the day in families; good cut-
and fitter. _16 Welsh St., near Fourth, between j
Bryant and Brannan.
pOMPETENT GIRL WISHES A SITUATION
V-^ for general housework: no postals. Apply at
163 Silver su ;
KEBPECTABLE GIRL WISHES A SITUA-
, JV tion to care for children and assist with light
housework. Call at 307 a Sixth St.
VOUSG CJIRL WOULD LIKE situation
X to do light housework and mind baoy. Ad-
dre-.s by letter 10 ■> Towusend upstairs.
1 ADY, experience's TRA V.ELEiI",
JJ wishes to ijo East as nurse or in any capacity
• for expenses. Address W. 8., box 62, this office.
7 EBMAN WOMAN WOULD LIKE 81TUA-
vJ tion to assist In light housework. 967 Mission.
.XPERIENCKD, TRUSTWORTHY LADY
-i desires position, housekeeper, light housework,
car? children, etc.: must have grown dr.ughier
with her: references. Address R. E.. box 78, Call.
/ « ERM\\n""oTrL WANTS A SITUATION TO
" J do light housework: good home more an object
than wage.* city or country. 416 Sixth st.
V OC.N G GERMAN GIRL WISHES SITU A-
I tion to do gti:eral housework. Inquire 659
Bryant st.
WOMAN WANTS WORK BY THE DAY,
'• washing, ironing, hoasecleaning; or will wash
flannels home. 419 Minna st.
T> ESPECTABLE YOUNG LADY WANTS SIT-
X\i uaiiou in store; understands wrapping and
packing; or place to take care of children. Ad-
dross 5 Mint aye., room 12.
YOUNG GIRL WISHES SITUATION TO AS-
X sist in housework and mind children. Address
M. X.. box £8, Call Office .
YV' OMAN WISHES SITUATION TO DO GEN-
■ » i eral housework; is good cook: will do washiug-
city or country; wages $12. Call 10 Wc.traorc
place, off Washington St., bet. Mason and Powell.
rj>_SPKCTABLE WOMAN WITH A CHILD,
XV willing ami obligin?, wants nice place to work,
with ROOd home. Call or address 402 McAllister.
TKONG YoUNG GIRL WISHES SITUATION
to do general housework and plain cooklnir.
Cail 2417 Clay St., near Fill more.
YOUNG LADY DESIRES A PLACE AS
X housekeeper; bachelor or widower preferred.
472 Stevenson St., room 8.
EDUCATED, "REFINED GERMAN LADY
X- desires position as companion, assistant to the
lady of the house, and teach German to the chil-
dren; no objection to the country. Call 1585 Folsom.
T/elTabl YOUNG lady WISHES POSI-
J \j tion for light housework, chamberwork or as-
sist in kitchen, restaurant or hotel; wages reason-*"
able. Call or address 561 Mission s.. near .-•»•<■-
o./d, second floor.
CiOuK; FIRST-CLASS one. TTifTi m /..
• ouijh'y understands her ousinesa; English or
American cooking; by the month or week; refer-
ences. 229% Slxta st. corner Clementina.
1 'iiMl'Kr. NT MIDDLE AGED ENGLISH
\7 cook; is fineho-sekfejier and good laundress:
«ill worK for moderate wages: city orcountrj': Is
Steady: do postals, fall 749 Howard place.
RESSMAKKJt, LA'i ELY J-RU3I Tiln Aa.,
would like a tew more eiigngemenis by the
day: terms reasonable. 915i/_ Howard st.
pOOD CO- X V. isin> PLACE IN COUNTRY
l_T with a family: best of references. 1324 Turk.
DBKSSMAKEB WANTS WORK AT 301
J-'rankllu St., or will go out ny the day.
UJDLE-AG ED WOMAN WISHES STTI I
t lon to do nousework by the month or day, or
assist in restaurant or wash dishes. -Call 723 Na-
toma St., In rear. . -■
I^WEDISH-AMERK AN girl wishes a
M situation in a respectable family to do upstairs
rt one and care of childien: wage. $10. Apply a
940 Bryant St., bet. Seventh and Eighth, In stole
T E\VISH~GIRL~ WISHES A ~PLACE~IN A
JEWISH fJIRL WISHES A PLA«E IN A
• ' Jewish family to do housework and assist with
cooking. 1411 Octavla si.
SITUATIONS WANTED— Continued.
B^~E»T HELP" SECURED AT MRS. LAM-
BERT'S, 306 Mason St.
VT'j-AT YOUNG GIRL WOULD LIKE A PLACE
i\ to assist in light housework: is willing and
obliging; .sleep home: Mission preferred. Address
y. K. box 62, this office. ;
ESPECTABLE. YOUNG LADY WISHES
j J\ position as housekeeper for widower in the
country. Apply 321 Jessie st. ,__
I YOUNG GIRL WISHES TO DO HOUSE-
I 1 work in a small family: upstairs work or chil-
i dren; i;ood reierences. Call 13 Garden aye., off
! Devisadero St., h 't. Post and Geary.
EXPERIENCED NURSE AND GOVERNESS
J_ dt sires position: competent to take lull charge;
j willing to make herself useful: good needle-wo-
| man; music; lierman; would leave city and in-
', struct children, or attend partial invalid; highest
! references. Call at 2919, cor. Capp and 16th sts.
/ COMPETENT, RELIABLE WOMAN WITH
\J child 8 months old wants situation on a ranch
to do cooking and housework. Address L. C, box
34, Call Office.
! SMA_LGIRL wants a place for plain
I O light housework. Call 318 Brannan st. for two
days. •
T^LDERLY WOMAN WANTS A SITUATION;
I _' is a good, plain cook and laundress: city o
country; wages no object. Address T., box 9, Call
"V'OUNG WOMAN WANTS HOUSEC-EAN-
X ing, washing or ironing by the day. 448 N a-
toma St., first floor. | ______
! rxr f. r 1 ENCED SEAMSTRESS WISHES
j X_l situation: city references. Call or address
I 2505 V& Mission St. ' '
INVALID'S NURSE— COMPETENT REFINED
1 Danish girl desires situation to wait on lady or
care for invalid; first-class references. Address
1607 California st.
IVfIDDLE-AGED woman would LIKE
liX housework in small family. 733b Clementina.
YV ANTED— SITUATION BY COMPETENT
IT woman; good cook and laundress; willing to
do general housework. 33 Russ st.
STRONG, INDUSTRIOUS, HONEST WOMAN
O wants situation in hotel or boarding-house or
in the count is willing to work. Address A. D.,
box 37, Call Office. .
VOUNO LADY, A STANFORD STUDENT,
X would like position as governess for the sum-
mer: best of references. For particulars address
A. L. BROWN. 413 Eddy
p ERMAN EMPLOYMENT OFFICE; BEST
IJT helD secured. MRS. LAMBERT, 306 Mason.
QITUATION WANTED BY MIDDLE-AGED
O woman to care for elderly lady or gentleman,
or as housekeeper or child's nurse; none but re-
fined parlies need apply; best of references given:
city or country. Address Prescott House, corner
Kearny and Pacific sts.
yoi'.NG WIDOW FROM NEW ORLEANS
X with a child wishes a housekeeper's position or
some light work to do. Please call 917 Market St.,
room 3 8.
YOUNG LADY WISHES PLACE IN FRI-
X vate family: respectable Jewish family pre-
vate family: respectable Jewish family pre-
ferred. Call 448 Natoma st., near Sixth.
\\f INChE-J : ER HOUSK. 44 THIRD ST., NR.
it Market: 200 rooms: 25c to $1 50 per night:
$1 50 to s6 per week; convenient and respectable;
free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
p-EKMAN WOMAN WANTS WORK BY THE
vJT day: washing, ironing and cleaning. 358
Eleventh st.
SITUATIONS WANTED-MAI-E.
GOOD MAS r A'NT S^POSfTiarTON' RANCH^
VJ FENTON & CO.
UNTi-R <fe CO., CHINESE AND JAPANESE
employment office, 17 Webb st., below Kear-
ny. bet . California and Sacramento, tel. 231.
JAPANESE INTELLIGENCE OFFICE. 413
v Stevenson st., bet. Fifth and Sixth.
pHINESE AND JAPANESE EMPLOYMENT
V/ office; best help. 414% O'Farrell; tel. K. 426.
CHINESE AND JAPANESE RELIABLE
help; tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY&CO., 640 Clay.
1) C. G. COOK'S S)f. SUPPLIES COOKS; ALL
X . tranches -.short notice. 14 Gearv. teLOrant46.
W.JIM. CHINESE-JAPANESE EMPLOY-
. ment office. 637 Commercial. TeL Black 1261.
JAPANESE AND CHINESE EMPLOYMENT
O office: best help. SI4B Sutter: tel. Grant 30.
PAPER-HANGER WITH TOOLS WANTS
X piecework: paper hung 9c per roll. 620 Lar-
kin st.
"YOUNG MAN DESIRES POSITION AS ]
X milker and take care of horse. L. SMITH, <
854 Harrison St.. Oakland.
»UANfED- PLACE IN CITY OR « OUNTRY:
*' expert on cattle or horse ranch to condition
for market or work. J. T. HINES, box 108 Call
Office, or General Postoffice.
SITUATION WANTED AS ENGINEER:
O good machinist. Address E. S.. box 14, Call
Office.
I. ■■ IRST-CLASS COOK WANTS SITUATION;
V good references. HARRY ROBINSON, 1426
M a son st.
\\T ANTED— SITUATION AS COACHMAN OR
'» groom; 4 years with last employer. Address
C. P. A., 312 Sixth St.
pAPABLE AND INDUSTRIOUS GERMAN
\J man and wife want situations to take care or
take full charge of a private place or small ranch:
! man is gardener and handy man, wife good,
strong houseworker. Address Gardener, 403
Ninth st., Oakland.
j \ OUNG MAN DESIRES CLERICAL POSI-
I X tion: thorough knowledge of bookkeeping: Al
penman: first-class references. Address 142 Sev-
j euth St.. room 31.
yOUNG MAN WANTS work of ANY KIND
X with grocery firm; experienced clerk; will
drive wagon; best of reference. Address Clerk,
box 89, Call Office. ■
YOUNG MAN OF 18 WISHES A POSITION
X In wholesale house; understands bookkeeping
and shorthand. Address G. HAMILTON, 25 Perry.
uT'~a"n Ted— POSITION as MECHANICAL
'* engineer; twenty years' experience; very best
of reference. W. W. FEI.TER, 566 Howard st.
0""iT(-HARDIST WANTS POSITION TO TAKE
charge orchard: vines, stock and general farm-
ing: fifteen years' California experience: Al ref-
erences. Address Ranch. 3121/4 Fulton st.
SITUATION .WANTED BY STRONG YOUNG
O man to drive truck or delivery was;on; experi-
enced. Address D. T., box 69, Call Office.
"DELIABLE young MAN OF FAMILY DE-
XV sires position as janitor, watchman, driver or
Dor:er; references if required. Address L*. C,
615 Birch aye.
YOUNG MAN, WHO THOROUGHLY UNDER-
X stands designing and cutting ladies' cloaks, de-
sires a position; first-class tailor; good references.
441 Natoma st.
QTEADY YOUNG MARRIED MAN WISHES
0 position as driver or porter or any steady place;
well acquainted with city. Address S. E., box
28, this office. .
'PHOitOUGHLY COMPETENT AND INDUS-
X trious man desires garden-work; is bandy with
carpenter tools. 629 California st. •
yoi'Nii" MAN WISHES POSITION AS JAN-
X itor, porter or coachman: city or country;
thoroughly competent and willing; oest of city
references. Address D. A., box 55, Call Office.
/ <" J_N'i LEMAN OF 13 YEARS' EXPERIENCE
" X wishes position as steward or manager In good
..o'el; city or country: the right man for the right
place. Address Manager, box 34, Call Office.
1 7 ENTER AND PAINTER WITH TOOLS
\J would like to obtain position in a private house
or an institution. Address 11., box 50, this office.
pOMPETENT HOUSE PA INTER, WITH
VJ tools, wants work by the day or piecework;
city or country; will work cheap. Address Painter,
23 Pleasant st.
SITUATIONS WANTED BY GERMAN COU-
O pie without children; wife as cook, housekeep-
er or chambermaid; man to take care of horses,
cattle and garden, or as porter; references. Call
or address E., 319 Ellis st.
\\- INCHESTER HOUSE, 44 THIRD, NEAR
'» Marked-Electric lights in every room; 200
rooms; 25c to $1 50 per night; SI 50 to $6 per
week; free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
\1 AN AND WIFE; EASTERN PEOPLE;
-'X man understands general work on private
ilace, horses, cuttle, poultry; wife competent
cook, housekeeper or second work; .references.
Address T. 8., box 63, Call Office.
QTENOGRAPER, EXPERIENCED IN LEGAL
O and commercial work, desires position; per-
manent or temporary references. Address S. P.,
box 89. Call Office.
EXPERIENCED wine maker AND CEL-
Xj larmau (German), for the past 10 years fore-
I man in large California the past years fore-
man in large California wineries, with first-class
references, seeks employment: country preferred.
Address box 1, Call Oilice. Los Angeles.
\ \\' INCH EST ER HOUSE, 44 THIRD, NEAR
• » Market— Electric lights in every room: 200
rooms; 25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to $6 per
week : free bus ami baggage to and from the ferry.
FEMALE HELP WAKTKP.
>TT ookTb Eif Yr*2oTc7SoKTALA'-
X meda. $25: San Rafael, $25, and other towns;
151iouswork girls. city and country, $20 and $25;
8 young girls assist, $10 to $15. MISS CULLEN,
3-3 Sutter st. . .
, IIBL VOR LIGHT WORK, $10; SLEEP
VJT home. MISS CULLEN, 323 Sntter st.
\\rOMAN~~FOR SECOND WORK, $20. MISS
- >> CULLEN, 323 Sutter st.
BENCH SECOND GIRL, $25; SECOND
T girl. Oakland, *20. MISS CULLEN, 323 Sntter.
\\TaT7-R1 ss. hotel, country, $15. miss
»» CULLEN, 3_3 Batter st.
STEWARDESS, $30 PER MONTH. MISS
i O CULLEN, 323 Sutter St. ■
OU&EWOBK GIRL, TWO IN FAMILY, $20
MISS CULLEN, 333 Sutter st.
4 ER M A N NURSE, ONE CHILD, $15. MISS
" » CULLEN, 323 Slitter st.
GERMAN OR SW_DISH NURSE, $20. MISS
VJT CULLEN, 3-3 Sutter st.
HA MBERM A I D, SLEEP HOME, $20. MISS
V^' CULLEN, 323 Suiter st.
WORKING HOUSEKEEPER, $15. MISS
ii CULLEN, 323 Sutter st. .
/ OOK. SMALL BOARDING-HOUSE, .S2S.MISS
\J CULLEN, 323 Slitter st.
P~ERmXn OB FRENCH OR SWEDISH
\x cook, $35. MISS CULLEN. 323 Sutter st. '
WOMAN. WITH A CHILD, $15. MISS CUL-
ii LEN, 323 Sutler st. . :
/ « OLOBED NURSE; $25. MISS CULLEN, 323
V Sutter st. • 4 ■
LAUNDRESS; $25. MISS CULLEN, 323
Sutter st. . , . . . .
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JUNE 2, 18.96. .
HELP WANTED-Continue-.
rp HR E E GERMAN COOKS. $25. CITY; FOUR
X girls, general . housework, $15 or $20: Ger-
man girl, upstairs work, $15: five girls to assist, j
$10 and $15; German girl, $20, Santa -Cruz; see 1
lady here; call early. MRS. LAMBERT, 303
Mason st. . . :
\V AITREKS; STEADY: COUNTRY HOTEL;
»» $20. MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636
Clay st.
YOUNG GERMAN, SCANDINAVIAN, ENG-
X lish or American woman cook for men, $20,
see party here. MURRAY & READY, 634 Clay.
I 'NEKS. TROY MACHINE, SEE BOSS
X here: ranch cook, $20, and others. MURRAY
<£ READY, 634 Clay St. ________________
p ERMAN WOMAN, COOK, $30, (■'OK SMALL
vX hotel, near city, see party here, 10 to 11:
cook, small summer resort, 10 to 20 people, $26
mid free fare: cook, small hotel in the mountains,
fare paid; German or Scandinavian girls for house-
work, city and country, $20 and $25; 11 girls,
housework, $15; 10 girls, assist, $10 and $12. C.
R. HANSEN & CO., 110 Geary St.
WAITRESS,- COUNTRY HOTEL, $20. ho-
ii TEL GAZETTE, 420 Kearny st.
TV ANTED — GIRL FOR COOKING AND
' » housework, 3in family, country, $25, see lady
here at 10 to-day: English or Scotch governess,
$35; cook, institution, if 3o; 3 waitresses and
chambermaids, $20; 3 cooks, German style, $25:
nurs a , children, $20; and a great many girl* for
cooking and housework, city and country. J. F.
CROSETT <fc CO., 312 Sutter st. .
\\r ANTED— COLORED GIRL FOR HOUSIi-
• i work, $20; German nurse. 1 child, $15;
young girls to assist, $12: German or Swedish
girls, housework, $20 and $26; German girl for
saleslady, $20. LEON ANDRE, 316 Stockton st.
IpiNE IRONER, COUNTRY HOTEL, $30;
. waitress, country, $20; and girls for house-
work. R.T. WARD CO., 610 Clay st.
CHAMBERMAID, $20; GIRL FOR SECOND
VJ work, $15; 10 girls for housework, city and
country. MRS. HIRD. 721 Ellis st. . ■
SWEDISH HOUSEGIRL, 2 IN FAMILY. $25:
O cook, $25; German nurseglrl, 1 child. $20: 2
girls for Piedmont, same house, $26 "and $20, see
lady here: plain boarding-house cook, Oakland,
$26; chambermaid, city, $20; 15 housework
girls, city and country, $15, $20 to $25; woman
for good home, $10. Apply 316 Sutter st.
COOKS/ FOR COUNTRY HOTELS; 2 DlN-
ing-room girls for same; 20 housework girls,
$15 to $30. 921 Broadway, room 10, Oakland.
fTiHE LIGHT SERVICES OF A TYPEWRITER
Xor copyist in exchange for office room. Address
G. W., box 26, Call Office.
p IRL FOR GENERAL HOUSEWORK AND
VJ cooking. 1 301 Octavia st.
IpINISHER ON GENTS' WHITE SHIRTS TO
X work steady in factory. 621 Valencia st.
/i Ik"L FOR GENERAL HOUSEWORK. 1726
VJ O'Farrel! St. .
IRST-CLASS FINISHER ON CUSTOM
F coats. 834 Howard st.
■MTANTED— A GIRL BETWEEN THE AGE OF
: ii 20 and 35, for Sania Clara, to assist In the
care of two small children and light housework:
wages $15; references required. Call at 1300 Tay-
lor st., cor. Washington.
IRL TO ASSIST IN LIGHT HOUSEWORK;
$8. 715 Capp St. •
OOD FINISHERS OS PANTS; ALSO AP"
prentice. 923V_ Folsom st.
p IRL FOR GENERAL HOUSEWORK ; FAM-
VT ily of three. 1142 Turk st.
pOMPETENT GERMAN GIRL for GEN-
\J eral housework: must' understand cooking.
317 Larkln st.
WANTED— YOUNG GIRL FOR GENERAL
ii housework.. 2624 Sutter st.
\\ IDDLE-AGED WOMAN; LIGHT HOUSE-
i»I work; plain cooking; two in family. 764
Howard st.
V IRST-CLASS TAILORESS ON GOOD COATS;
X on other need apply. 1228 Market st.,r. 1 and 2.
» ENTICE TO LEARN ON CUSTOM
i J\. coats: paid while learning. 508 Pacific.
IRL FOR HOUSEWORK; MUST UNDER-
stand little cooking: wages from $8 to $10 a
month. 1717 Po3t su
■EXPERIENCED SCHOOL-TEACHER Tn
XL) another line of work ; references. W., box 9,
Call Office. '
i VOUN& WOMAN TO WORK IN KITCHEN;
X sleep home. 324 Larkin st.
IDDLE-AGED GERMAN WOMAN TO DO
light housework. 844 Folsom st.
YOUNG GIRL FOR GENERAL HOUSE-
X work; small family; wages $10. 1203 Gough.
p OOD TAILORESS ON CUSTOM COATS; NO
VJT other. 509V_ Natoma st.
Y\r ANTED— 3 WAITRESSES AT THE HACK-
ii meter Hotel. 123 Eddy st.
IRL 14 TO 16 YEARS TO ASSIST WITH
T children; sleep home; wages $8. Apply 1430
Leavenworth st.
\OLNG LADY AS DANCING-TEACHER.
1 Apply 921 Broadway, room 10, Oakland.
TIT ANTED— AN APPRENTICE TO LEAKS
» • dressmaking. 3235 V. Sixteenth st.
IRST-CLASS SKIRT-MAKERS. 504 SUT-
r tor st. -
IRST-CLASS TAILORESS ON COATS. 604
Sutter st. -
'ANTED— BY MAN thoroughly AC"-
-»' quainted with the business, lady with $150 to
take half-Interest and start delicacy business;
must be good bread and pie baker. 8., box 45. Call.
TJ AIRDRESSING, 25c ANU 35c: MORNING
XX and eve classes: 101essons,$l 50. 1248 Mission.
GENTS WANTED FOR "lEMINA," A WO-
■A. man's book, by Dr. John A. Miller, at his Poly-
clinic Pharmacy, 1018 Valencia st. For women
and children free consultations from 2 to 4.
IRL FOX GENERAL HOUSEWORK AND
mind baby; reference. 536 Page st.
|>RIGHT, WIDE-AWAKE LADY ANTED
1 * for a quick-selling article. 36 Page st.
p ERMAN OR SCANDINAVIAN GIRL FOR
*J general housework. 1633 Turk st. '
G~ OOD BUTTONHOLE-MAKERS and fin-
Ishers op custom coats. 108 Battery st.
ANTED — PUPILS FOrt M I LLINERY
school: course thorough, practical: satisfac-
tion guaranteed: reasonable. 410 Leavenworth st.
\\T ANTED - PUPILS FOR MILLINERY
'• school: class now forming for lull season;
course thorough, practical: satisfaction guaran-
teed: reasonable. 410 Leavenworth si. ,
T ADIES TO LEARN HAIRDRESSING,
XJ manicuring and beauty-culture. 131 Post, r. 20.
oat-finishers WANTED. 541 market
\J street.
A RENT.ICES— SPECIAL LESSONS EVERY
_x Tues. In dress cutting. 14 McAllister, room 67.
OST CONVENIENT AND rkspect'JblkT
Winchester House, 44 Third St., near Market-'
200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to $6
per week; free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
r\K_SSMAKING, CUTTING AND .FITTING
XJ taught; new styles; perfect fitting patterns
25c ud. MCDOWELL Academy. 213 Powell st.
MALE HELP WANTED.
"I A. TEAMSTERS, CITY, $1 A DAY, BOARD,
j X\J etc.; 5 pick and shovel men, $1 a day, board,
etc.; cook, $35, room, etc.; 12 men to peel lun-
bark. MARTIN'S Employment Agency, 749
Market st.
EAT AND PASTRY COOK, $80; SECOND
cook, $40, f0r a springs hotel short-order cook,
good on oysters, for a cafe, $30: German cook,
country hotel. $.-0; barber, country hotel; Ger-
man cook and wife, country hotel,* see boss here
C R. HANHtCN * CO.. 110 Geary st.
ASTRY .COOK AND BAKER, COUNTRY
hotel, $60; bread and cake baker, $50: helper.
$26, for country shop. C. R. HANSEN & CO.,
110 Geary st.
T RANCH TEAMSTERS FOR A FRUIT
*± ranch, $20: 3 farmers, $20 and $26 and found;
I 4 srraper teamsters, near city, $26 and found; >.;
farmers, near city, $16. C. R. HANSEN <_ CO
1 10 Geary st. ■ • - . ,
q SWISS MILKERS, COUNTRY, $20 AND
O found, see boss here; 3 milkers, south, $25:
milker, city, $25. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 110
Geary st.
AUNDRYMAN AND WIFE. COUNTRY H(>
tel; marker and distributor, .country. $18 a
week: shirt Ironer for French laundry, $30. CR.
HANSEN & CO., 110 Geary st.
WANTED- ACTIVE FRENCH HEAD WAIT-
M er, $60. C. R. HANSEN A CO., 110 Geary st.
IjURST AND SECOND COOK FOR A SPRINGS
F hotel who can do the baking and pastry; only
young people need apply; $100. C. R. HANSEN
<fe CO.. 110 deary st.
Or FARMERS, VINEYARD AND ORCHARD
— O hands, $20 and $25: milker near city: $20.
MURRAY & HEADY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
BUTTER- MAKER AND MILKER, $25: 3
D milkers, $25 each; choreman for ranch, $20.
'MURRAY <fc READY, 634 and 636' Clay st.
TpOBEMAN 81 ABLIiMAN, CITY, $32 50 AND
X? found: ranch b'acksmlth; $1 a day and board:
laborers for the city, $1 60 a day. MURRAY <fe
READY, 634 and 636 Clay st. ,
c HAYMAKERS, 9 1 A DAY AND- BOARD:
0 charcoal-burner and others. MURRAY &
READY, 634 and 636 Clay st. -
TRONER TROY MACHINE; SEEBOSSHERK.
1 MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
HOTEL COOKS, "country" HOTELS. $60,
$45 and $31): 2 waiters. $15 each. MURRAY
_ HEADY. 634 ana 636 Clay St.
I>ORTEK. FIKST-CLASS COUNTRY HOTEL,
I $20: dishwashers and waiters. MURRAY _
READY. 634 and 636 Ciav st. ■-■-,■
TJ7\ SAWMILL LABORERS FOR LARGE COM-
/i" patiy; stead y job: part fare advanced. MUR-
RAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
1(\ MEN DIG DITCHES AND GENERAL
XU work on ranch. $20 and boar*. MURRAY &
READY, 634 and 636 Clay st. ,
H~~' ANTIiD— FIRBT-CLAWS WAITER, MUST
ii speak French, $40: waiter, $6 week: French-
man. country hotel, $15: 3, teamsters and 4 labor-
ers. $1 a day and board, city, etc. LEON AMn;K,
316 Stockton st. : . -.■■-..:-.* •''•■■■ ■■,
pHOREMAN AND WIFE- FOR RANCH, $40;
VJ ranch teamster and wife $35;. stableman and
do chores on ranch, $20; ; 2 farmhands, *20; s'S
young men for ranch, .$l5; ■ boy lor ranch; milker,
$20: '£ miners, $50 and board; cooks, .wait rs
kitchen-hands. K. T. WARD A Co., 608 and 610
Clay st. -■ - __ , "-. ' -\ ■ . -■' ■ '; ■■■ ■' -. ;
I C MEN FOR SAWMILL AND WOODS. $20
li) and board and increase; steady job: half-fare
advanced. : K. T.WARD <fc CO., 608 and 610 Clay.
' - \
HELP .WANTED— Continued.
AN~ TO" MILK COWS ASTD HELP OH A
ranch, $_5. MISS CULLEN, 323 utter St.
■pOLORED BOY AS BUTLER, $20. MISS
\J CULLEN, 323 Slitter st.
\\r ANTED— MAN TO REPAIR HARNESS.
ii farmer and wife, $30; stablemen: 5 farmers to
mow with scythes, $2 a day; milkers, $25; boy . ;
for private family; 6-horse teamsters, $30; tie-
makers, man and wife to rent country • hotel,
choreman, cooks, waiters and others. Apply to
J. F. CROSETT & CO., -28 Sacramento st. .
JOE— PLEASE AT ONCEf IMPOR- I
tant news for you. MAX, 476 Jersey. V- i?
\ \ r ANTED— FIR.->T-CLASS MEN'S CLOTH-
•' ing salesman: must be good stock-keeper.
RAPHAEL'S.
\\r ANTED, FOR SMALL COUNTRY SHOP,
ii a good bread baker; willing to take him as
partner: no capital required: life chance for right
man. Address O. D., bakery, Mokelumue Hill Post-
office, Calaveras Co. :
p OMPETENT VIOLINIST. call AT BOWL-
VJ Ing alley, 220 Grant aye., bet. 2 and 4 p.m. "
GOOD BARTENDER WANTED. 1434 HOW-
ard st. ;
W~ "anted- MAN ACQUAINTED WITH CITY
saloon and grocery trade to sell on liberal
commission. 53 Second st.
COBER MEAT CUTTER: AMERICAN; ONLY
0 h'rst-ciass man need answer; country; state
salary. Address M. C, box 103, Call Office. : .
BOY IN ARCHITECT'S OFFICE. ADDRESS
Boy, box 45, Call Office. '. - - . :
BOY TO WORK ABOUT HOUSK, BOARD
and lodging. Call between 3 and 4, 1006 Larkin.
Sign PAINTER" WANTS HANDY BOY TO
fill in backgrounds, etc. Apply paper room
Adsign Company's works, City Hall aye.
EAD BUSHELMAN, ONE WHO UNDEK-
stands making alterations and examining
work. 641 Market st.
OY WHO HAS HAD EXPERIENCE IN
X> tailoring. Apply at 107 Geary st. •
1? I RSt"-CLA8S TAILOR WANTED AT 834
X: Howard st.
C~A § PE'NTEB WANTED TO WORK IN A
jobbing shop; must be a thorough workman.
Address Carpenter, box 83, Call Office.
ANTED— BOY FOR PHOTO-ENGRAVING
*' trade. DEWEY Engraving Co., 220 Market.
V\r TED— YOUNG MAN TO LEARN BAR-
i* bcr trade. Inquire at JOE'S, 107 V_ Fifth st.
BARBEKS-NEAT. WELL-PAYING SHOP
for sale; running 2 : chairs; rent $5; price
$150. Apply to STOLTZ, 630 Market st.
p ERMAN GIRL WANTS AN INDUSTRIOUS
VJ man as partner; $150 capital required: will
guarantee S5O month, board and lodging; lv
smoked and salt meats, butter, eggs, delicacies,
with laundry, cigar-stand; must be willing to work
and make himself useful in store. Apply 10 to 5,
14K0 Howard st.
(JAKBEK.-3-JTOK EMPLOYMENT CALL SEC-
Xi re'.arv Barbers' A sso., 325 Grant S.FUCHS.
I J AKKEJiS' ASSOCIATION OF CAI_ EMPLOY-
J-> men:, Se<:'y, p. c. Hamaun, 239y 2 O'Farrell.
. • A BBER-SHOP FOB SALE; FIRST-CLASS
t> location; baths. A. P., box 3, Call Office.
"VTEW WALDO HOUSE, 765 MISSION, BET.
Xx 3d and 4th— single furnished rooms, night 15c to
Eou;week $1 to $2 50; reading-room; strictest atten-
tion to morning calls: clean; quiet; open all ni_ht.
VIfANTED-STEADIt MAN TO LOOK AFTER
i " office, handle cash, etc. : duties easily learned;
clears $65 to $75 to each: capital required, $175.
GEORGE STEWART, 602 Market st.
BARBER SHOP FOR SALE; 15-CE.NT SHOP:
Western Addition; clears $20; cheap. Apply
Call Office.
T3 USTLERS— FINE PROPOSITION IN CITY
XX and all outside towns. Room 29,109 California.
IJARBEKS, ATTENTION— 3-CnAIR OUTFIT,
1) complete, for sale at a sacrifice; must be sold
on account of removal. Apply to STOLTZ, 630
Market St.
\\r TED- AT ROOM 317, 328 MONTGOM-
- 11 cry st., clerks and laborers to call if they do
not rrceive their just dues; no charge unless suc-
cessful: suits: Superior and Justice Courts.
"\ V ANTED— G NTS' FURNISHING GOODS
»i salesman: one with knowledge of clothing.
Apply 523 Market St., room. 7, from 9to 12.
EN'S Vz-SOLING, 50c; LADIES, 40c: DONE
while you wait. 638 Market, opp. Palace Hotel.
\y ANTED— RESTAURANT AND RESTAU-
' i rant furniture; spot cash paid. Columbia, 128
Fourth st. .
PENSIONS— J. H. SHEPARD _ CO., THE OLD
X reliable attorneys, 1063 East Sixteenth st.,
Oakland, Cal. .
ESI PLACE IN THE CITY FOR SECOND-
band shoes, 749 Mission St., opp. Grand Opera-
house; new calf shoes, pointed toe, our make, $2 50
and $3: ladies'* gents' and children's misfit and
cast-oft shoes bought or exchanged.
LCHU HOUSE, 863 V_ MARKET ST.—
Rooms 20c, 25c. to 60c. night; $1 to $5 week.
TUbT OPENED: CONTINENTAL-HOUSE, 521
O Pacific st., below Kearny; lodging half price, sc,
10c, 15c per night: clean beds, sonny rooms.
\\r ANTED— FOR THE UNITED STATES
'i Marine Corps, U. S. navy, able-bodied, un-
married men between the ages of 21 and 30 years:
cot ten than 5 feet 5 inches in height; of good
character and temperate habits; able to read,
write and speak English properly; only citizens of
the United states or persons who have legally de-
clared their intentions to become citizens will be
j accepted; this Important branch of the naval
I service offers special inducements: giving op-
portunities to visit all parts of the world on board
our new cruisers. For further information apply at
the Recruiting Office, 20 Ellis St., San Francisco,
Cal. :
ALK SHOES MADE TO ORDER FOR $2 50:
J half-soleing 25c up. . 959 Howard St., nr. Sixth.
ASTHMA CURE GUARANTEED; DR. GOR-
-'». din's Chocolate Emulsion. 221 Davis, nr. Clay.
\\T INCHESTER HOUSE, 44 THIRD ST., NEAR
•I Market; 200 rooms. 25 i'u!s a night; reading- i
room : free bus and baggage to and from the ferry. ■
J7i S. REMOVED 609 TO 643 CLAY ST.; _OT- ]
_ • tie wine or beer hot lunch 6 cents,
\\r ANTED — MEN TO LKABN BARBER
" trade; only 8 weeks required: tools given and
catalogue sent. B. F. Barber School, 1515 Howard.
\\r ANTED— AN IDEA : WHO CAN THINK OF
i', some simple thing to patent? Protect your
Ideas; they may bring you wealth. Write JOHN
WEDDERJSURN & fO., Dept. L, Patent Attor-
neys, Washington, D. C for their $1800 prize offer
and list of 200 Inventions wanted.
(*\ LERKS' AND LABORERS' CLAIMS B'GHT;
Ks acts adjusted. RATTO'S, 612 My, tel. m. 353.
B"~EST IN CITY— SING' E ROOMS, 15, 20 AND
25 cents per night. $_. $1 25, $1 60 per week-
Pacific House, Commercial and Leklesdorff sts.
OOMS 15c TO 75c PER NIGHT: 50c TO *1 50
per week. Oriental, 225 Drummst.
\\T ANTED, TO COLLECT WAGES due labor
'» ers&clerks. KNOX Collection Agcy, 110 Sutter j
■W HAT CHKKK HOUSE. 529 SACRAMENTO !
»» St.: 200 rooms; best in the city- single rooms I
20 and 25c a night, if 1 a week: meals 10c.
\Y ANTED— LABORERS and MECHANICS
-ii to know that Ed Kolkiu. Reno House proprie-
tor, still runs Denver House, 217 Third st.: 150
large rooms: 25c per night; $1 to $3 per week.
I IN DELL HOUSE. SIXTH AND HOWARD
■ 1 ' sts.; single furnished rins 75c week, 15c night.
I 1 I ill MEN TO TAKE LODGING. AT lOC, 15c
, X \i\J and 20c a night, Including coffee and rolls. !
: 624 Washington st., near Kearny. !
I »\r K ARE SHOE DOCTORS; WE REPAIR
I *' your oid shoe, and make them as good as new, !
i and with our new machines we can do your work
] at one-half the usual price; done while you wait.
662 Mission st-, between First and Second sts.
EN TO FEED MANHATTAN STOCK FOOD;
all grocers keep it. ■ !
VJ EN'S SKCOND-HAND shoes, somk '•
liX nearly new, 25c to $1 25. 662 Mission.
Ir»KEE BEER-TWO SCHOONERS FOR 6c;
-T also a bottl eof lagor, sc, at 637 Clay st.
KY ACME HOUSE. H57 MARKET ST., BE- I
1 low Sixth, for a room: 25c a nixht.-. $1 a week.
ANTED-SINGLE ROOMS, 160 A DAY; $1
veek; rooms for two, 25c a day, $1 60 a week;
read Ing- room: daily paper*. 36 Clay st.
AGENTS WANTED.
r WANTED~FOR THE ; COAST ;"a
xt- good selling novelty. 146 a Fifth at., rear.
ROOMS WANTED.
rpHOßou^~l^clriir^F"v67(TE"~c^£r
X ture, elocution and piano will exchange lessons
for unfurnished rooms. Professional, box 58,339
Hayes st. . ._ :
WANTKU-MISOELLANEOUS.
BASKET TRUNK;; PERFECT ORDER;
1> cheap; state price. Address 8., box 5. Call.
I'-CLASS DENTIST: WILL EXCHANGE
X dentistry for furniture. P., box 15, this office.
HIGHEST PRICES PAID LADIES'. GENTS',
chilflren's clothing; postals. Mrs. Uahn, 316 30.
8~ ELL YOUR BOOKS, CLOTHING AND JEW
0 elrv to A. KLEIN. .109 SUU. si.: semi postal.
' :■ LOST.
TOST— ON SU^NDXiTTN^Tl^l^lflirßoir
XJ hood of the Hopkins Art Gallery on California
street, : a six months old fox-terrier pup, (lire
white excepting black spot over left car; collar
fastened with staple lock. . Bring to . room 57,
Crocker Building, and get reward of $5.
1 OBT— A BIRD DOG; WHITE WITH BROWN
Xj 'spots; $10 reward. 961 Howard st. ',
j OST— Rr.WAUD- SMALL" : DOG ; TAN
. -ij color: black : stripe down : back: ; white '■. ring
around neck; white feet »nd tail. The atove re-
ward will be' paid by returning same to W. T.
CLARK. Windsor Hotel. Fifth and Market sts. »
'• . : found.' : -.:, ■■ ■ ■-■
.•ij'ound— water-spaniel bitch, APPLY
x 5.54 Hermann si. ■ -- ■•.'■■■'--
___ BICYIJI.ES.
UARK CVCLKRY — NEW WHEELS TO LET;
X best i accommodations. ■ Terminus Geary, Mo-
Alllster ami i ' ow 5 11 st. car lines. '
PHYSICIANS.
DEMOVKD—DR.C.C. O'DONNKLL TO 1208
Xv Market st. ; diseases of woman a specialty.
DON'T FAIL To CONSULT j DR. JORDAN AT
his museum, •: 1051 : Market : st. : his 30 years'
1 successful practice is a guarantee of fair treatment;
- the worst cases treated satisfactorily by mall.
■■ -■■'." . - - - - ■
PERSONALS.
Ti7e^go^a^t^j^nk^6TcaTl^f6k
''of to-day, Tuesday, Thursday or Friday. J. G.
ALLORY <_ SWANSON, CONTRACTOR
and builders; store, bank and office fixtures.
411 Taylor st.
AILORESS FOR COMPANION: MAY BE
X partner. Address F. W. , box 46, Call Office.
CAMPERS' COTTAGE; STOVE; WOOD;
shooting; ranch; Nairn mountains. Apply
11283/s Alabama st.
ADV ICE FREE ; DIVORCE LAWS A SPE-
cialty, private; no charge unless successful; all
law suits, claims, collections, wills, deeds, etc., at-
tended to. G.W. HOWE,atty-at-)aw. 850 Market st
AGNES-GET YOUR HAIR DRESSED TO-
- night at G. LEDiiBER'B, 111, Stockton St.;
don't get him ' mixed op with the i others; he is
nearest Geary st. : he is undoubtedly tbe best and
his price is only 25 cents. BESS.
anted— KNOW THE WHEREABOUTS
,of ■ Australian Jack Dock, the teamster, and
George, the engineer, John Decorsey and Hunter
Smith, and any other friends of George M. Drum.
Kindly communicate" or call at 110 Fourth, room 6.
WATCH, JEWELRY REPAIRING; LOW
"I prices and first-class work guaranteed. Give
a trial to J. N. BRITTAIN, 20 Geary, nr. Kearny.
AIR DRESSED. 25c: SHAMPOO. 25c: MAN-
XX icu^, 25c. BUTLER'S. 131 Post, r. 20,elevtr.
CONSUMPTION TREATED BY A NEW
VJ method. DR. AMERICAN, 36y 2 Geary st.;
hours 12 to 2:30.
EO. W. PHELPS, ATTORNEY-AT-LAW, 215
Sansome at., room 4. . :
PARISIAN MILLINERY SCHOOL; A FULL
X course taught In six weeks; competent gradu-
ates guaranteed positions. 8 Golden Gate aye. ■
UITB TO ORDER ON INSTALLMENTS TO
guaranteed parties, $15 upward. Cut-rate
Taloring Company,lll7 Market st.,bet 7th and Bth.
rTHE ECONOMY" MILLINERY, RED FRONT,
X 40, 46 Sixth st; children's school- hats sc; dyed,
pressed 25c ; huts trimmed 25c; feathers curled 6c.
T IBERAL ADVANCES ON DIAMONDS, JEW-
XJ dry, etc. : lowest rates. 948 Market, st.
SPECIAL— SHIPPER CO., MERCHANT
Tailors, Spreckels building, 927 Market, rm. 317.
Gentlemen furnishing cloth can have suits or over-
coats made from $9 up: trousers $2 up; workman-
ship and trimmings guaranteed ; self-measurement
cardj sent free; conn try trade solicited.
RUNKS MOVED, "26 CENTS. COMMERCIAL
X Transfer Company, 43 Sutter at.; telephone
main 49; keep your checks for us. ""
1 <I AH CARDS, $1 50: SHOW CARDS, 15c:
XUUU tel. Black 141. HILL, 22 Geary st., r. 39.
ASK YOUR DRUGGIST FOR VERMONT
Hair Wash : cures scalp diseases: take no other.
R~~AZOR EXCHANGE, 630 MARKET ST.;
fine edge put on razor for 25 cents.
A TTIIE VERY LOWEST EASY TERMS YOU
i\ can buy furniture, carpets, blankets, etc. : also
<ires 3 goods, cloaks, jewelry, at M. ROTH -
CHILD'S, 213-215 Mason st.; open evenings.
ELECTRIC LIGHTS IN EVERY BOOM |
Winchester House, 44 Third st., near Market;
200 rooms, 25c to $1 50 per night: $1 50 to $6 per
week; free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
WTROZYN.SK I, LEADING LADIES' hair-
. dresser, removed 10 24 Geary. Popular prices.
T)ABTINGTON'S SCHOOL OF MAOAZINK
X and Newspaper lUnntratlon: day and evening
classes: instructors, J. H. E. Partlngton, Gertrude
Partlngton,R.L.Partlngton. Particulars 424 Pine at
piTY OF PARIS LAUNDRY, FORMERLY 133
VJ Geary, remc 7ed from Larkin st. to 119 Stock-
ton; first-class laundry, j MRS. JaUSSAUD.
"OIG OUTDOOR STEREOPFICON SHOW EVE-
XJ ry night cor. Market and Sixth sts. ; artistic ad-
vertisements In living light; promoters of busi-
ness. Consult OWL ADV. CO., 1140 Market st.
OLD GOLD. SILVER, GENTS' AND LADIES'"
clothing bought. COLMAN, 41 3a, cor. Jessie.
pLOAKS, CAPK3 _.N_ SUITS RETAILED AT
VJ rofra' cost. Factory. 20 K»inom« Bt.. npstatrr
ii!;i.-'.i\iui;-.
R^is^TsT^uTrXvßTp^E^ir3s^EN^Snjpl
lawn $1 up. 605% Natoma St., above Sixth.
-110 TAYLOR— ELEGANT STYLISH SUITS,
"11U $5 up; dresses made over.
MEDICAL..
A LL' CASES oT~IRREGULARITIEs" RE-
■A stored In a few hours; safe and sure relief
guaranteed; travelers helped .without delay; pri-
vate home in confinement: regular graduate
physiclf/n: 30 years' successful practice; MEDI-
CAL ELECTRICITY used; ladies, consult the
doctor before going elsewhere; you will save time
and expense; consultation free and confidential.
MRS. DR. WYETH. 916 Post st., near Larkln.
OHEUMATISM CURED BY MAGNETIC AND
XV electric treatment. WALLACE, 201/ a Stockton.
1 ADIES, CONSULT FREE MKS. DR. SCOTT 7
XJ 216 Powell St.; only qualified specialist; $500
for case I fail to cure: diseases of the eyes treated.
PECARD'S PILLS— DISEASES OF WOMEN A
X specialty; also "Pine Baths." Rooms 3 and 4,
MacDonough building, Oakland. -
RS. DR. WEGENKR TAKES LADIES BE-
fore and during confinement: infants adopted
into good homes; treats all female complaints or
irregularities successfully. 419 Eddy st.
IF IRREGULAR OR ANY FEMALE Dis-
ease see MRS. DR. PUETZ. 254 i/ Fourth st.
■\TICE PRIVATE HOME IN CONFINEMENT;
_' all female diseases treated; expert physicians;
terms moderate. Office, 235 Kearny st., room 9."
; mrsTdr. WEGEiSER, PRIVATE home
. for all female diseases: separate rooms for la-
dies before and 'during confinement: all female
diseases treated successfully; have enlarged and
arranged my home to suit rich and poor; travelers
attended; Spanish tablets, $2; infallible preventa-
tives, $1. 419 Eddy st.
NEW PROCESS— NO MEDICINE, INSTRU-
ment or worthless pills used; every woman her
own physician for all female troubles, no matter
from what cause; restores always in one day:
helped at once: can be sent and used at home: all
cases guaranteed. DR. POPPER, 318 Kearny st.
ÜbTvate home in confinement, MRS.
X DR. F U N c K I ■; , 1416 Eighth St., Alameda.
R. JOSSELYN, THE GREAT SPECIALIST,
has removed to 1206 Market St., near Sixth.
BLESSING TO LADIES SUFFERING
from irregularities and diseases peculiar to
their sex: latest Improved method of treatment:
nerer fails; perfectly harmless: free from any bad
effects; never makes them sick to make them
well: travelers helped immediately -. prices to suit
the times;- home in confinement. DR. <_ MRS.
DAY 14 McAllister st., next Hibernia Bank;
consult free. French regulating pink pills, $2.
RS. GOODWIN MAKES A SPECIALTY OF
diseases of women and restores all cases of ir-
regularity in one day ; cure or no charge; separate
home for patients: best skill: medical attend-
nee: low lees; regulator, $2. 1370 Market st.
SURE CURE FOR ALL FEMALE DISEASES,
from whatever cause; a home in confinement
with every comfort; satisfaction guaranteed, by
MRS. DR. GWYEK, 226 Turk St. .
i l"kK, HALL. 14 MCALLISTER STREET, NEAR
XJ' m Jones. Diseases oi women ami children.
A LPEAU'S ; FRENCH"" PILLS-A BOON TO
__. ladies troubled with irregularities; no danger;
safe and sure; $2 50 ex press C. O. D. : don't delay
until too late. OSGOOD BROS.. Oakland. Cal.
\ v\ r EjtK : S NEWS FOB 5 CENTS— THE
-A. WEEKLY CALL, in wrapper, for mailing.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
OR SALE OR~RENT, CHfJaP^X^TaN^
some upright piano in perfect order. The Pied-
mont House, 115 Sixth.
FINE DECKER BROS. FOR $126 AND A
square for $60. 1019 Van Ness aye.
/-i BEAT OPPORTUNITY; '5 FINE UP-
VX rights, $125 and $150 each: call early if you
want a bargain. MAUVAIS, 769 Market st. -
piRCLE TO-NIGHT; MATERIALIZATION;
VJ slate writing. Bishop Garrison. 148 Sixth st.
AGNIFICENT HA RDM AN UPRIGHT IN
first-class order, must b3 sold at once; a gen-
uine opportunity to secure a splendid piano at a
fraction of its value. Koom 21, 809 Market st.
OEAUTIFUL STEINWAY UPRIGHT. sac-
X) rificed: must be sold at once. Room 10, Flood
Building, Fourth and Market sts.
LEGA.\TUPkIGHTFIANO:LITI'LE US_. ;
bargain. Sheriff's warehouse, 211 Larkin st.
_! A A ' ROSEWOOD UPRIGHT FOR SALE
' »_5 _;U. on $5 installments. 221 Leavenworth st.
\,l AGMFICENT GRAND UPRIGHT PIANO;
i'l Hallet it. Davis makers: sold to pay cost and
; charges. 1921 Sacramento st. :
ARE CHANCE TO SECURE A PIANO
XV from the F. W. SPENCER CO., ; 338 Post St..
before they remove June 1 to their elegant and
spacious warerooms at 933 Market st., opposite
; Mason: bargains ■in different makes to save ex-
penses of removal. ' ■ ■
BEFORE BUYING SEE HAINE BROS.', BUSH
& Gerts and Knnbe , pianos: at wholesale
prices. A. L. BANCROFT * CO.. 324 Post st. , ;
LOSING OUT A COMPLETE LINE of
' small goods at prices less . than goods cost
landed in New York ; just the chance to -buy a fine
instrument for your summer outing at small out-
lhy; violins, $1*35: mandolins, $:> 35; guitars. $3;
! atitoharps, $1; accordions, flutes, banjos, piccolos.
cases for instruments, violin outfits, etc.; new
pianos for rent and sale. J. HARRY SCOTT, 929
Market si., Spreckels building. :-
'_• I 4>- FINE CHICKERING: SCHMITZ, 16
«3)l_jt..). McAllister st., next to Hibernia Bank.
OHMER. STECK. STEINWAY. STATHAM
second-hand uprights cheap. 106 McAllister.
second-hand uprights cheap. 106 McAllister.
■'<_.• 1 HA MARSHALL UPRIGHT: SHERWOOD
I UU. upright. 50. BKUENN'S, 228 Post.
; HERMAN, CLAY" _ CO., STEIN REP-
O I resent atives, show the . largest assortment jof
pianos and organs in the West: all grades and
prices; easy monthly. payments:. everything guar-
anteed r.s represented. Kearny and Sutter.
XXI VXD— or CELEBRATED - HIGH- 1
grade T. L. Neumann pianos : prices and terms
moderate. H. LUEDEBS, 82 Ninth v st. / , ;
ICK EKING, KNABE, STECK. VOSE, STE
KJ ling pianos: see our now piano lor $187: pianos
; :or rent. BEN J. CURTASS & SON. 18 O'Farrell.
BY RON M a r/.v, 'MX POST : ST.— SOHMER,
'f.Newby <fc Evans, Krlsgs and other pianos. :
SUPERIOR VIOLINS, ZITHERS. OLD ANEW:
1) H. MI.LLKI!. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
U- ' SEWING* MACHINES. - S^"'--
ALL KINDS BOUGOT, SOLD, EXCHANGED,
1 V rented, repaired; j lowest rates. 205 Fourth st. i
fltjOp.' ALMOST NEW; 7-DRAWER DOMES-
t!p£O. tic j sewing ; machine; * complete. ": 1915
Mission St., near Fifteenth. . .
■-..■■'■■-.. v -'- ' ■ ■ ■ ■ • ' .'-■-'%
BUSINESS CHANCES. '
QCiZfi CORNER GROCERyT^AR; WEST-
<pU«JU. em Addition; well established; rent for
building only $35: 4 sunny rooms: good place for
man and wife. STENBERG CO., 629 Market St.
;■ © OHO ELEGANTLY FITTED-UP SALOON,
<_)_>Ul/. with private rooms; north of Market
st.: fine cash-register; big bargain. : STENBERG,
652 Market st. '
ffijQnn SALOON IN BUSY PART OF TOWN;
. (tpOUU. cheap rent: don't miss this bairgaln.
STENBERG & CO.. 632 Market st. v
(ijj Q f\Ti PARTNER WANTED IN \V_LL-
■tS>O\J\J\t, established steam-laundry in first - 1
j class running order; has the trade of leading lodz-
inK-houses ana : restaurants; valuable outside
i routes: horses and wagons: business sure to in-
crease i: properly attended ; books open for inspec-
tion; full investigation. STENBERG CO.. 632
Market st. .
$O(\(\ CORNERSALOON; NICELY FITTED
OUU. up; good location; wholesale district;
offered at a sacrifice: owner has 2 places. STEN-
BERG CO., 632 Market St.
O* O 7 LODGIN G-HOU SE : 11 WELL-FUR-
<_)__ I O. nished rooms: No. 1 location; low rent;
house full. KENNY & CO., 765 Market.
<U* - J X A RESTAURANT AND OYSTER-
(JpOUVJ. house in immediate vicinity of Baldwin
Hotel: fine business. KENNY & CO., 765 Market.
ffljOXnn PAPER ROUTE: 550 SCBSCRIB-
«j3?iiiUI/'-/. ers; thriving town near city; circu-
lation increasing; most desirable paper on coast;
Increasing in public favor. KENNY & CO., 765
Market at. ■
<_9<lA SALOON AND CARDROOM: GOOD
«]Js^''U. business: clearing $3 to $5 daily; look
this up. KENNY & CO., 765 Market st.
"VTOTICE! HAVING BUYERS WILLING TO
i.i invest in some legitimate business, those hav-
ing same see HEALY —CO.. 23 Kearny st.
RESTAURANT AND COFFEE SALOON; VI-
-CV clnlty of City Hall; business $26 per day; trial
given. HEALY, 23 Kearny st.
<B!9£vn PARTNER WANTED —A 1 CASH
«P-_UU. business, clearing to each $75 per
month: no night or Sunday work: must devote 8
hours each day to business. HEALY, 23 Kearny.
JOHNSTON & COL'S BARGAINS. -..: ■ •■:
O Cigar store, one of the best, on principal street;
low rent; cheap.
Restaurant on Kearny st.; receipts $25 to $30
dally; price $650.
Bakery, old-established; price $300.
Butcher-shop; 2 horses, wagons: large trade and
route; price $350.
Corner grocery and bar; established 9 years;
extra large stock.
See JOHNSTON „ CO., 26V_ Kearny St.
fTIO SELL YOUR BUSINESS place OR
X lodging-house come see me, as I have customers
on hand. T. LUBELSKI, 7 City Hall avenue.
17 LEG ANT GROCERY WITH 2 TEAMS;
X- well-established business; fine location; in-
vestigate this rare chance, this fine place. T. LU-
BKLSKI, 7 City Hall aye..
SPOT CASH PAID FOR STOCKS OF MER-
chandlse. T. LUBELSKI, 7 City Hall aye.
(SOFIA PARTNER FINE RESTAURANT,
<Jp_.«JU. doing $25 a day business; paying well;
see this immediately. T. LUBELSKI, 7 City
Hall aye. '
ffljQX 7-ROOM HOUSE; ALL FURNISHED;
«BOi/, the roomers pay more than the rent for
one-half the use of the bouse; it is a snap and see
it quick; everything' furnished complete. T.
LUbELSKI, 7 City Hall aye.
d^y*f~~FlNE" BUTCHER SHOP WITH
<_)O I O. three horses and one wagon and all the
tools: fine location in an interior town; good
trade; investigate this fine country place and you
will buy it. S. LUBELSKI. City Hall aye.
2;9^nn GROCERY AND BAR; ELEGANT
v! _JtJV 'U. corner stand; doing fine: rare chance
for fine grocery investment: see this place at once:
the fullest investigation; located north of Market
st. T. LUBELSKI, 7 City Hall aye.
dft^jr A ELEGANT STATIONERY AND CON-
»Ip«J«JU. feclionery, with soda fountain: finest
locality; cheap rent and 4 fine living-rooms; see
this line pace at once; paying well. T. LUBEL-
SKI, 7 City Hall aye.
EST BARGAIN ON EARTH, HALF IN-
terest in restaurant doing $50 to $60 per day;
old established: profits, $10 to $i 5 per day; full
investigation before buying: will take good secur-
ity or trade, a snap": cheap. COLUMBIA, 1-8
Fourth st,
WANTED— RESTAURANTS AND RESTAU- I
ii rant furniture; also lodging-houses; we have
plenty of money to speculate on bargains. Co-
lumbia, 128 Fourth st.
IF YOU HAVE ANYTHING TO BUY, SELL, '
trade or exchange, see us at once: .will sell your
business in 3 days or treat; we have snaps for
buyers. Columbia, 128 Fourth st.
©O'Afl FINE CORNER GROCERY AND
tjp_.UUl/. bar; choice portion Western Ad-
dition; elegantly fitted up; has a well-paying
trade: best class of custom: big bar trade; good
ontsideroute; cheap rent; owner's* time occupied
in another business which prevents him attending
to this. M. LESS A CO.. 783 V. Market st. -
(3*l Z.f\(\ RESTAURANT AND OYSTER-
tIpI'Jv/U. house in extra good location, north
of Market sU: elegantly fitted; everything first-
class throughout: dining-room taxed to its utmost
capacity; highest class of custom;, best prices;
owner going out of the State. M. LESS A CO..
7831-3 Market St. . .
i(\f\ CORNER GROCERY AND BAR,
tJpttUU. north Market, selling on account of
death in family. M. LESS & CO., 783y Market
(JjQfrA RESTAURANT LOCATED TWO
t4>O«J\/. blocks irom Crocker building: excel-
; lent business: receipts over $30 daily; old estab-
i lished; rent only $35. M. LESS _ CO., 783%
Market st. ' ,
Or A BRANCH BAKERY ON A BUSY
<£)OO\J. street; central: good stock; nice fix-!
tures: living-rooms: choice place. M. LESS <_
CO., 783V_ Market st.
Qt'-jnn FRI'IT AND VEGETABLE STOKE,
tJpOUU. Al location; horse and wa?on: re-
ceipts $15 day. BARRETT SKIPP, 921 Market.
©O^A BEST CORNER. CIGAR-STAND IN
O — OU. city. B ABBOTT _ SKIFF, 921 Market
■ tiT^A WILL BUY CIGAR, STATIONERY
*$) 1 O\.l and notion business; clearing over $100
month; building included: ground rent small;
great bargain. BARRETT _ SKIFF. 921 Market.
*,)CA SALOON AND 18-ROOM LODGING-
«JP_:UU. house; must sell: worth $1500; will
trade for lot. HEGARTY, 1004 Market st.
<_/1 MO. RELIABLE PARTNER; COMMIS-
_:Ul/.sion business ;clears s6 day. HEGARTY,
1004 Market st.
TV"OTIC_rfo"BUYERS AND SELLERS: GUS
ii STRAND, the well-known real estate and
business agent, has removed his office to 917 Mar-
ket St.; if you want buy or sell a business of any
kind see him; established 1884. GUS STRAND.
917 Market st. '■ '
<_ Cinfl FINE BAKERY AND CONFECTION-
tjDi/UV/. cry store, situated on Noe street, near
17th; good stock! on hand: doing good cash busi-
ness; this is a buy. HICKOK & CO., 873^ Mkt.
$7 - A CORNER GROCERY AND BAR,
«JP I O\J . wit 11 living-rooms, on Larkin st. ; , low
rent; Rood place: kept by owner for years: rare
chance. WILKE & WOLF. 631 California st.
GROCERY-STORE WITH GOOD ASSORTED
VJ stock, doing large fnmily trade. This Ish fine
opportunity to iret gcod paying business. Particu-
lars of J. B. MIHAN, 509 Kearny st.
ANTED — TO LEASE MORNING- PAPER
route. Address A. 8., box 3, Call Office, Oak-
land, .
p ROCERY AND SALOON FOR BAL.O; GOOD
Ijr location; best of reasons for selling. Inquire
room 40, Chronicle building. ■
tffeOKAA EXPRESS ANDTRANSFERBUSI-
tJp—tJUU. ness; > owner here 12 years; $200
mouth clear; will remain 2 months with buyer;
part cash. Owner, box 23, Call.
<_1 *jr\(\ GROCERY; 2 ROOMS; HORSE
| <JpX_ivl/. and wagon. 918 Central aye.. Ala-
| meda. . :
GROCERY AND . BAR: GOOD LOCATION
\JT and business. Apply Call Office.
ALOON AND FIXTURES; PRICE $100; A
bargain. 424 Ninth at.
i til* 900- WANTED — PARTNER INFLIGHT
<IP __W. manufacturing- business; remaining
partner thoroughly posted. • Address Partner, box
46. Call Office.
PARTNER FOR BOTTLING BUSI-
X ness: experience not necessary. 712 14th st.
\y ANTED-- PARTNER WITH $600 IN WELL-
■' i, established, light manufacturing: business;
large profits. Address A, .box 82, Call Office.
pOOD PAYING BUTCHER BUSINESS FOR
VX sale. 525 second st. ■
SALOON; CORN Eli: LOW RENT; GOOD
business; golngeast; $150. E. A., box 131. Call.
Good ROUTE SALE ON THIS papers
T Apply T. P. RIORDAN, 63- Market, room 2.
ELL-ESTABLISH ED CANDY, TOBACCO
'» and stationery store, with ice cream and ta-
male parlor attached; for sale cheap. Apply 1314
Howard st. -
OTEL 26 ROOMS, CHEAP; SELL ON AC-
count of sickness; rent $35. Apply this office.
J7IOB BALE-A GOOD, PAYING CYCLERY
X in live country town; well-equipped repair
shop; pays $100 per month: good reasons for sell-
ing. Address Cyclery, box 71, Call Office.
TO LEASE IN MAYFIELD, SANTA CLARA
X county, Occidental Hotel and bar: rent $25.
Apply __ DUCKER or F. PRITCHARD, 12 Mar-
, ket st. ■:--■ - ;■.-... .■ ■. ■ • ■',::,:•,.:.■
i U-IRST-CLASS PAYING STEAM LAUNDRY
X for sale; good location: established 20 years; 5
or 10 years' lease of eroun 1 and building as de-
; sired. Address J., box 164, this office. ---■.
"_\ BARGAIN— STATIONERY STORE; GOOO I
_rV corner location; cheap rent. Address H. 8..
box 101, Cull Office. .
HOG BUSINESS "FOR SALE; 36 HEAD OF
hogs; breeding sows: horse, wagon, swill
route: outside city; all for $250. Apply at 724%
Naii«mast.- ■■;.-'■■/ ■ ■ .'.'■■-•
ut^XA PARTNER- WANTED- IN CHOP-
,»Ip_._ v/.house: excellent paying place: owner
first-class cook. WILKE _ WO 531 California.
Jj; I7X RESTAURANT FOR SALE. 917
;<CVX 10. Mission st. . ________
GROCERY AND BA R; 3 LIVING ROOMS;
yj - goad location. Call at 28 Rausch St., bet. Sev-
enth afra Eighth, Howard and Folsom. .
XXT RESTAURANT ■ CHEAP FOR
'». cash. v' Address S., b<ix 2, this office. '
(n;QOO CORNER BAB, WITH 8 ELEGANT-
<Jp £7 I/V : ly, furnished rooms, all rented; very
best location lease; rent $65: sacrificed account
sickness.' WILKE & WOLF, 531 California st.
NY STOCK OF" MERCHANDISE BOUGHT.
' for cash; city or country. «• M., box 2, Call. ,
■ > . ■'.--■
BUSINESS CHANCES— Continued.
and *850 CASH, COFFEE SALOON'
Si I OUU . and restaurant : one of the finest loca-
tions in the city, near Market st. : elegant fixtures,
well established, trade runs from ?50 to $b.> per
day; best of reasons for selling. GEO. STtWAKi,
'602 Market St. -
_O^n LEGITIMATE MANUFACTURING
ttp_-OU. business; partner wanted: manu-
facturin? standard goods in general use every
where ami in great demand; trade increasing;
money to be invested to enlarge plant: carries full
stock: is absolutely necessary to double present
capacity to meet and rill wholesale orders coming
in; will double in six months: fortune for steady
man. GEORGE STEWART. 602 Market st.
ACAA CORNER BAR; WESTERN ADDI-
•TOUU. tion; <;lub and living rooms; lease;
money-making place. WILKE, 631 California st.
GBOCE RY A N I) A U : WELL STOCKED;
VJT cheap; make offer. 2201 Fifteenth, cor. Noe.
TpOB SALE— SOS POST: SUNNY DINING
S. parlors ; rent paid In board.
_,fri» CIGAR-STAND WITH LARGE P AT-
trtlv''» ronasce on Kearny St.: established
years ;rare chance. WI_KE .fc WOLF, 531 Cali-
fornia st. ■ ]
p BOCIsBY ANDBAR; TRANSFER CORNER;
AJT. no agents. Apply Call Olllce.
ALOON; LONG LISAS- AND LOW RENT.
Applyat Anchor Brewery, 1431 Pacific.
T7«OB SALE— LOCKSMITH, MACHINIST AND
X 1 grinding shop, well tooled up*. 1003 Mlsslonst.
pRKAT OPPORTUNITY— SSOOO WILL PL'It-
"JT chase retiring ■ manager's interest, worth,
$10,000. and secure permanent position on salary
In one of the greatest dividend-paying businesses
of the century: not a mine; serious illness com-
pels sacrifice; none but competent men with cash,
considered. Address Chronos. box 67. Call Office.
TJOARDING-HOUSE; GOOD BARGAIN; ON
XJ account of sickness. A pply Call Olfice.
JJj O7 PL BUTCH E R-SH OP, FIXTURES, 2
«Jp_i I O. horses, wagon, cart; a whole outfit; old-
established, good trade. For particulars see
LUHRS BROS., 144 First st.
pENTLEMAN PARTNER wanted by
VX lady of means, *35 capital. 12 Mason St., rm. 3
OR SALE CHEAP— BAKERY AND COFFEE
X saloon, with living-rooms; rent low. 306 Fourth.
RANCH BAKERY AND VARIETIES;
good business; corner; 6 living-rooms: large
sunny yard. Apply 449 Guerrero st.
EsTAURANT; FIRST-CLASS TRADE; FOR
sale cheap on account of sickness; will ex-
change for property or business of equal value iri
locality and climate suitable for a consumptive.
Call or address 3281 Mission. _^
OB RENT. UNFURNISHED— THE '-GRAN-
_ ite House," Folsom. Cal., a 2-story frame hotel,
containing parlor, dining-room, barroom, kitchen
and 22 bedrooms: in good repair and fine location;
a splendid opportunity tor any person desirous of
goin? into the hotel business; extra inducement-
offered. Address LOUIS MPP, Folsom. Cat.
IP OR FRENCH LAUNDRY, DYING
F and cieaning: good reasons for selling. Address
by letter C. BONNARD, 218 Fourth St., Santa
Bosa. -
VV ANTED— YOU TO LIST YOUR BUSINESS
*»' with us; will sell it In 3 days or treat; we have
buyers for all kinds of businesses. Columbia, 128
Fourth st. •
■COLOUR-SACKS FOR SALE; NICE CLEAN,
X; and in good order: always plenty on band. J. 8.,
322 Pacific it., baseman.
LODGING-HOUSES FOU SALE.
i^^o^MsT^SfE^coi^^RTrrrr^rrrrr^TsK
Xt/10-room house, worth 1000; price 40U
40 rooms; fine for transient. 700
20 rooms on Fourth st., only 600
46 rooms on Market st 250-
H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market St., opposite Birth.
I ROOM CORNER HOUSE, $1000; WORTH
£1 $2500: must be sold. DECKER. 1020 Market.
QO ROOMS: COUNTRY HOTEL: ON $1200,
CO worth $2000. Apply DKCKER, 1020 Market.
1 ROOMS: ON EDDY ST., NICELY FUR^
XU nished; $350. DECKER, 1020 Market st.
Q*!7(\(\ LODGING-HOUSE: 36 WELL-FUR-
tjp i \)\J . nishe-l rooms; rent $75: long lease:
tine location; north of and near Market st.; house
filled; pay $150 clear per month; rare bargain.
KENNY & CO., 765 Market st.
9 ROOMS; NICE; 0NLY..... .............. $-00
15 rooms: onO'Farrell: see It 675
36 rooms: actually clears «100 1500
Other bargains. SPECK & CO.. 602 Market.
<3_ I H./JA 80-BOOM HOTEL, NEAR UNION
tfpJUUV/. Iron Works; low rent: selling ac-
count of death. BARRETT & SKIFF, 921 Market.
IF YOU WANT TO BUY OB SELL A LOCK?
Ing-house see T. LUBELSKI, 7 City Hall aye.
T?OR BARGAINS IN LODGING-HOUSES, SEE
J; GUi S.TKAND, 917 Market st. '
90 WELL-FURNISHED KOOMS, WITH OR-
--O gan: low rent ; bargain. Grocery. 40 Sixth st.
If I li V Xi: I UK SALE.
*©T^rT^uTtSrrTiuß^T^o^l^r^A^_^U_S3
,<Ji J. OU. Change, box 34, this office.
O BE SOLD CHEAP— FURNITURE OF 7
rooms: no dealers. 32 Grove St., first flat.
T L. J. NEUMANN'S, 117 SIXTH, FOR
lowest prices on household goods, new or good
as new; cash or time; open evenings.
T/IRE SALE .' : ~ 7 - i
X Prices stand till goods are completely dis-
posed of.
Oak bed sets  $19 ii
Bed lounges a 33
Stoves 7 53
Carpets, peryard... _ 55
Linoleum, per yard .--... 55
Matting, peryard 10
Till our new building Is erected these prices will
ctana. Till such time we are conducting busina_i
at SE. corner Seventh and Mission sts. i.
NOON AN.
Yin/! <- ; ARPE'IS;, CHAMBER SETS, $14;
"IUU stoves. f5: parlor sets, $20: folding-beds,
flO; bed- ounges. $1. T. i). MCCARTHY 1124111.
FUKMTURE "WANTED.
ECOND^HAND "FUR"NrT^?R_FwA^IT__rTO
-_- fill coi. try orders: I will pay good prices. T.
LUBELSKI. 7 City Hall aye.
A MALONE PAYS _0 PER CENT MOBS
__. than elsewhere for furniture to fill country
orders. Leave ordera at KING'S, 3 Fourth »t_
IF YOU WANT GOOD PRICES FOR FURN [~
ture and merchandise see JSUKD, 211 Larkin.
KFORE SELLING YOUR FURNITURK
send for Simmons Auction Co., 1057 Market.
BASCH, 321 SUTTER, WANTS FURNI-
> ture, saloons and merchandise: highest price.
H MAYER BUYS YOUR FURNITURE,
. carpets, rlana 1138 Market: tel. Jessie 7dl.
CARPET CLEANING.
f*\ R^ATT; ASTERN~STEAM~C r .iRPET "c LX \ N-
VT ing Works. Tel. So. 676; 14 Bth st. B. Gbamt.
TONES CO CARPET - CLEANING ANU
t) renovating works. Main office 35 and 27 B^h.
pARPETS CLEANED, So A YARD; LAID 3d
\J Tel. Jessie 944. STRATTON, 19 Eighth si.
HEN YOU BECOME DISGUSTED WITH
poor work send to SPA ULDING'S Pioneer Car-
pet Beating Works, 353-57 Tehama st. ; tel. So. 40.
pON KLIN'S CARPET EEATING WORKS. 333
\J Golden Gate aye.: telephone east 126.
IT STEAM CARPETCLEANING.RENOVA-
Un?, 38 Bth. STEVENS, msr. Tel. South 250.
/Treat WESTERN STEAM CARPET-BE AT-
VJ ing works; latest Improved machinery; 3c yard.
G. GEORGE.offlce 11. Eighth St.; phone Jessie 253.
/carpets CLEANED AND RENO vat i a
\J like new. FERGUSON & CO. 23 Tenth; tsU
South 36. D. MACKINTOSH & CO., successors.
JE. MITCHELL CARPET CLEAN ING CO.. 24(1
. 14th st. ; cleaning 3c a yard. Tel. Mission 74.
MCQUEEN'S CARPET BEATING AND REN-
. ovatlng works. 453 Stevenson: ml. south 228.
I HORSES.
1 jrrv SETS n"e\V ANl> SKc6iri>-HANb
J-O\J ness, all kinds; wagons, Daggles, surreys,
rockaways, carts; must be sold. 1128 Mission st
p OOD HORSE AND WAGON, NKARLY
AX new; also large hand truck cheap. 859 Mis-
sion st.
A UCTION SALES OF HORSES, BUGGIES,
-A wagons, harness, etc.. at Derby staul-s. 645
Geary, cor. Leavenworth.evpry Tuesday 11 o'clock.
C. R. MARTIN, prop.; S. W ATKINS, auctioneer.
OKSE AND DELIVERY WAGOA. WITH
harness, cheap; only $50. Apply 2425 Gough.
rru\ SET NEW AND SECOND-HAND HAR-
O\J\t ness; all kinds: buggy.waeon, carts, surrey
rockawav; 40 cheap horses. 15th and Valencia.
~ l\ HOKBK? FOR SALE; ALSO WAGONS,
1U bugeles, carts, harness: Grand Arcade Horsa
Market, 327 Sixth st, ; auction sales every Wednes-
day. SULLIVAN «fc DOYLE, Auctioneer-.
OR*ES PASTURED: SEND FOR CIRCU-
Iar. The Hyde Ranch, 630 Commercial st.
D" K. C. H. WKSTPHAL, VETERINARY MJK.'
;,eou for S. F. Police Department. Ofllco and
b»i<pit.".!. 121 C'itv Hal! >vm telrphona south 401.
WAGONS AND CAKIUAOES.
ITiOR "rknt-FlRst-i la ss camp WAGON;
1 suitable for 4 persons; with baggage. etc.;
with or without stove and tent. __ F. SALBAOH,
310 East Channel St., Stockton.
LJ i aNDING-TOPEOCIOR'.-. PHAETON; GOOD
Oas new. At ROBERTS', 1613 Market.
LIGHTLY SOILED DRIVING GLOVES;
samples. H. M. HEINE MAN, 109 Sansome st.
VT£W AND SECOND-HANDIIAKERS'.LAUN-
Ii dry. milk and grocery wagons: also rockaway
and 2 line busies. 828 Harrison st.
STOKAUE. ""
to ' kent-very large, dry, sunny
basement for storage; reasonable. 410 Leav-
en worth st.
STORAGE— IN THE CITY ; FlRl_;
0 proof building; advances made. 211 Larkln.
-L7URNITURE. PIANOS, TRUNKS; AD-"
X 1 vances, shipping. CHAtiL L. TAYLOK,2O4Post.
m li. ROONEY. 722 MISSION— STORAGJJ AT
. X .rediced rates : basement storage, sl 50 per load
T OWEST RATES-FURNITURE, , PIANOS."
XJ household goods, etc. J. M. pierce, 735 Market!
A B. SMITH FURNITURE CO.,' 132 ELLIS'
. low rates; fire- proof building; Eastern plan.'
APPLY FOR RATES FOR STORING FURNU
-fi- tore, etc. SHIIIKIC A- SHIREK. 747 Markat.
; - TYP^WRIT-EKS. ~ ~~
V OST, MO: CALIGBAPH, »26; SSKifiSra
1 sample work. SCOTT « BAN NAN, 353 Moo£nOTISES TO LET.
HOUSE^X^TKiE^rou^E^^ND^^THEItS
10 rent by BALDWIN & HAMMOND, 10
Montgomery st.
• l\ Maui, NEAR FIFTH AND MISSION -4
—\> nice sunny rooms; rent cheap. '
Q9q 1428 ELLIS" ST., NEAR WEBSTER;
<_ _-«). 6 rooms and hath: sunny side of street.
ash ton A: A DINER, 411 Montgomery st.
1 91 Q LAGUNA. NEAR ELLIS — MODERN j
1 —X(J unny hout-e, 9 rooms and bath; rent re-
duced and bouse newly papered and frescoed; large
yard. MADISON & BURKE.
Q 1 1 • 12281/2 PINE, NR. HYDE— -STORY
<J>-l-V->. house: 5 rooms.
HOUSE OF 3 OR 4 SUNN V ROOMS: RENT
$10. 168 Silver St., near Fourth.
79 1 POST, BET. JONES AND LEAVEN-
•— "i worth— lo rooms and bath, in perfect order;
an elecant downtown location; only $80 rent.
MADISON & BURKE. _____
A 1 C 1 1 YDE-H. 'USE OF V ITT77MS A-»U
'±10 bath. Inquire a: 418.
'79QA ROVE— LOWER FLAT 4 ROOMS;
I —V bath; light, sunny yard.
©'-}*> ?-J\ SE E THAT ELEGANT NEW
<&O— O\>. sunny 6- room house. 512 Guerrero.
9909 LEAv*:nw o R t H — ho use 10
__l'_. rooms; beautifully situated; large
grounds: rent very moderate.
Hols:. 7 ROOMS: BATH: MODERN iM-
prorements: garden. 730 Canp st.
FURNISHED HOUSES.
707 ELLIS — FURNISHED HOUSE OF 9
tOt rooms and bath. A pply on the premises.
LTRNITURK OF 4 ROOMS CHEAP; RENT
J $10 25 V Moss St.
COTTAGES TO LET.
C" OTTAcTEr N r E A X ! . X NIC W? V^OOM S X?CD
Vj bath: latest Improvements: fine stable and
barn. 828 Hampshire tt., near Twenty-first.
CO A AS D UP; FINE, CLEAN COTTAGES
<iplU. and flats. SPECK & CO., 602 Market st.
/"IOTTAGE; $11; 4 ROOMS AND BASE-
\J menu 422y 2 Ringold, bet. Eighth and Ninth.
70- WILLOW AYE.— COTTAGE OF 5 ROOMS.
i OO Inonire at 500 Grove st.
9 TEHAMA— COTTAGE 6 SUNNY ROOMS;
large yard ; rent moderate.
OUNNY COTTAGE: 4 AND 5 ROOMS, BATH,
0 basement and large yard. Dolores and 15th.
QQ 3 SUNNY ROOMS; COTTAGE; YARD;
•J* • • waier free. Jersey and Sanchez ate.
FURNISHEI> FLATS.
1•1n 1 ■: 1 1 a n ishkdVi . 2 1■ si S S ttoh^e^
X 6 rooms: reasonable: afternoons. 800 a Webster.
I^URNISiitD HOUSE TO RENT,
'J. 36 Pacific nve.. NE. corner Fillmore: loca-
tion among the choicest. O. F. YON RHEIN
A CO.. 613 California st.
FLATS TO LET.
I pLAT - A NIC K~~FLAT~AND~OraER(T TO
' rent by BALDWIN & HAMMOND, 10 Mont-
gomery IL
TWO NICK FLATS: RENT CHEAP. 39 MER-
J- ritt St., between Seventeenth and Eighteenth.
fiONVENIENT SUNNY FIVE-ROOM FLAT;
. \J rent $13. Corner Nineteenth and Hartford,
near Castro.
"1 QA7 iSTEINER. NEAR SUTTER— LOWER
-LOl/ < flat: 6 modern large sunny rooms; bath.
(jjj 1 •_) 3 LARGE ROOMS; YARD. 409 THIR-
\[)XO. teenth st. above Valencia.
Ql A 417 GRh.EN; FIVE ROOMS; NEWLY'
O 1 " 1 cleaned; garaen and yard.
TAPPER i'LOOIt, 6 HOWARD COURT, NEAR
v^ Fourth st.; 5 rooms: 814; water free.
.-, SUNNY ROOMS: BATH; 2219 FIFTEENTH
O St.; rent $14: water free; cars 1 block.
7'){« WENT - FIRST, BET. VALENCIA
1 OU and Guerrero— I'pper flat of 3 very sunny
rooms, unfurnished, for housekeeping: no children;
location and suiroundings unexceptionable; rent
$\_s.
TTPPER SUNN FLAT, 4 ROOMS, 29 1 ZOE,
IJ bei. Third and Fourth, Bryant and Brannan.
X 99 JESSIE, NR. SIXTH— UPPER FLAT; 6
»'— •— rooms: capered: hot and cold water; bath,
pas and laundry; rent $23.
'91 GOLDEN GATE— FURNISHED FLAT;
*J—X suitable for housekeeping.
QI 1 FOUR NICE ROOMS: 515 THIR-
-0 • J- ■ teen'.h st., bet. Guerrero and Market.
__ A NT) 3 ROOMS; BATH; $11. $i 2,*13; ELEO
"i tic lines. 4585 Eighteenth st.
I-. ■ TWENTY-THIRD ST.,
XJ 100 feet from Castro cars; 4 rooms: bath; large
aril : sunalldav; rent $14; water trie.
v- j I 6 ROOMS, BATH, itANGK; LARGE
tJI-Li-. sunny porch; water free. Jersey and
.Sanchez sts.
£• 1 «•) 5 KOOMS IN GOOD ORDER; YARD;
•JJ- — . cheap. 31^1^ Eighth st. ______
--•:; MCALLISTER— SL'NNY UPPER FLAT;
i —U4 4 rooms
QUNNY FLATS; 3 ROOMS; YARD; BASE-
-0 ment: $20. 810 and 812 Ellis st.
i^LATS. 5 ROOMS; RENTS $13 AND $14.
4061 Eighteenth St., near Castro.
OQI Ql BUSH— LTPPEK FLAT OF 5 SUNNY
—'J LO-> rooms and bath -.rent reduced; good view.
.10.70. TWENTY-THIRD; 100 FEET FROM
*iv/ • V Castro curs: lovely satiny upper flat of 5
rooms: modern improvements; rent only $16;
water free.
I^LEGANT NEW FLATS. SEVENTH ST., BE-
.J low Brvant. 5 and 6 rooms, bath: $8 lo .?16.
IJOUSEKEEPINCr 1400315.
1 iililiiriii:t Mri'i'i.
9r Q-| CALIFORNIA— 3 ELEGANTLY FUR-
— «JO-L nished rooms and bath for housekeeping;
cheap. Call before Ip. m.
Ellis Street. : ; ..f" ~
01 X ELLIS— SUNNY FURNISHED ROOMS
Olu complete for housekeeping; very cheap.
Fifth Street.
qi A FIFTH— SUNNY BEDROOM; KITCHEN:
Oil bath; water; sink; no children; private; $8.
First Street.
9OA FIRST— S SUNNY' ROOMS FOR HOUSE-
— 'J'f keeping; rent moderate.
.Fourth Street.
— FOURTH— 2 CONNECTING FRONT ROOMS
el for housekeeping; reasonable; also single.
9,1 (' FOURTH — SUNNY ROOMS; SINGLE
_."lU and housekeeping; famiies; newly fur-
nished; day, week or month.
»_»A7 FOURTH— FURNISHED HOUSEKEEP
•)u I ing rooms; bedroom and kitchen; $8 and
V_
■..itary ie..
<2«OQ 6 COMFORTABLE ROOMS: BATH;
»_*_-» J. all things necessary: 2 beds. 1917 Geary.
Harrison Street.
A 1 - HARRISON— BEDROOM AND KITCHEN
• *i_L I furnished for housekeeping: $8. .
rjZ(\ HARRISON — DOUBLE FURNISHED
1 O'J rooms, $4 up: housekpng and single; cheap.
Hermann Street.
n' HERMANN. NEAR* VALENCIA— I OR 2
_-•) rooms; nicely furnished with or without
kitchen; gas and bath. ■__
Howard Street. . . "
rr 4Ci HOWARD — LARGE SUNNY FUR-
I 4— nished housekeeping room: cheap; single
rooms $1 up.
. f~f\ a HOWARD — SUNNY FRONT ROOMS
{ \J-± for housekeeping; other rooms; cheap.
t Hydo Street.
ey-t A HYDE ST.—'] SUNNY FURNISHED
ill) rooms, complete for housekeeping; no chil-
dren. ■
Lark in Street. .
Cl-l rr LARKIN— NICK HOUSEKEEPING, SIN-
OX I gle and double furnished rooms; $7 and up.
Lewis Street.
1 n LEWIS, TAYLOR, NR. POST— LA
10 furnished room and kitchen; complete: $12.
Ulan a . ree*.
f)QI MINNA— 2 HOUSEKEEPING; COM-
_-<^l plete: cheap; also single.
rji. MINNA ST.— TWO LARGE ROOMS FOR
•ujO housekeeping.
.i.i»i on Mroei.
QO Q MISSION - SUNNY HOUSEKEEPING
000 rooms; $10, $B and $7 respectively; single
front sunny, $5.
Q'O MISSIO.W2IRMS.; FURNISHED com-
-000 plete for housekeeping; priva c; cheap.
Montgomery Street.
71 (> MONTGOMERY— NICELY FU RNISH-
-1 JOed rooms for housekeeping; yard and
washroom: c .cap rent. - . '-- '■' " J -
Naioma Street.
/<nr NATOItA— FURNISHED ROOMS FOR
DUO housekeeping. also single.
-• intli Street..
on NINTH— FRONT BAY-WINDOW SUITE
—•wand kitchen, $16: single rooms; gas and water.
Octavin Street.
1 IAQ OCTAVIA, COR. GEARY — FRESHLY
1 './•"> furnished housekeeping rooms; .$7 up:
kitchen. -
BWjP Point Lohn* Avenue.
91 90, PT. LOBOS— 3~KUNNY FURNISHED
*-X£.\J housekpg rms; bath; $12; no children.
1 folk .Street.
Q"l O POLK— SUNNY. HANDSOMELY FUR-
OXO nished alcove, with kltclien, bath, running
water, gas, etc: new carpets and furniture, com-
plete for housekeeping; a.so sunny flat, 4 rooms;
reasonable. '
l'otit street.
099 PO ST — 2 PLEaSaNi REAR ROOMS
V£f * J , furnished for housekeeping; large yard;
$10.
HOUSEKEEPING KOOMS — Continued.
Powell Street. ~~
Q1 A POWELL— SUNNY FURNISHED EMS.
Ol v complete for housekeeping: reasonable.
"' Scott Street.
1 ft! d. SCOTT— 3 OK 4 UNFURNISHED
X\) l?± roonis: bath; garden; rent reduced; call
afternoon.
sixth Street.
IKOn SIXTH — 4 GOOD UNFURNISHED
tj_</ rooms and cellar; also 2 sunny unfurnished
rooms.
Seventh Street.
1 O'J SEVENTH- FURNISHED FRONT SUN-
-100 ny corner rooms; housekeeping: cheap.
"1 '_)<' 7TH— LARGE SUNN Y FURNISHED
X O\J housekpg rooms; veranda; yard; reasonable
tevenson Street.
_AO STEVENSON, COKNEB FIFTH— FUR-
riyjO nished rooms for housekeeping.
liiirtl Si ree
1A O THIRD — HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS;
liO complete front, first floor; bath, gas.
q Q 1 TH I D— UNFURNISHED ROOMS FOR
OOt housekeeping: water free; $6.
C 1 (i TH RD, COR. .-OUTH PARK— SUNNY
Ol •> rooms for housekeeping; range and run-
ning water.
Van Nt« Avenue.
-I no-l VAN NESS AYE., COR. OEARY-IOR
J.U—.L 2 rooms with kitchen complete.
"Washington Street.
rr\cy Washington— sunny unfurnish-
O\J-j ed housekeeping rooms: running water.
\ WEEK'S NEWS FOR 6 CENTS — TH*
-.' V WEEKLY CALL, in wrapper, for mailing.
iiOOMS TO LET.
Bourbin Place.
8 BOURBON PLACE, OFF EDDY, NR. STElN-
er— Single and double sunny front rooms; bath;
$5, $8; board if desired.
l>UBh street.
Q-I Q BUSH-NEWLY FURNISHED SUNNY
OX O rooms.
Octavia Street.
A 1 G. OCTAVIA, NEAR HAY'ES— 2 NICELY
ilu furnished sunny front rooms: reasonable.
Eddy Street.
QA7 EDDY— FRONT ROOM; GAS; BATH;
Owl private family; low rent.
.tight street.
S HERMAN APARTMENT HOUSE, 28 BTH
. St., near Market; furnished and unfurnished.
l.ilis street.
THE RAMONA, 130 ELLIS; MRS. KATE 8.
X HART, manager— A quiet house; centrally lo-
cated; newly furnished; elevator; hot & cold water.
pOSEDALE HOUSE, 321 ELLIS— IOO ROOMS
XV at reduced rent satisfy yourself: open all night.
Everett Street.
9 4 ~ EVERETT— FURNISHED ROOMS, $3.
s.i'xO $4, $5 per month.
1-oitioin Street.
1 BURNISHED FRONT ROOMS SUITABLE
for doctor; also single rooms. 1583 Folsom st.
Oearv street.
aQQ GEARY — ELEGANTLY FURNISHED
«.)O sunny corner suite: also sunny single front
rooms.
'1 Q GEARY— SUITE OF PARLORS: OTHER
«JxO rooms: light housekeeping if desired.
olden <>nte Avenue.
C"LC GOLDEN GATE AYE.— HANDSOMELY
tin) furnished rooms, suitable for 1 or 2 gentle-
men.
Grant Avenue.
I AT 1 GRANT FURNISHED ROOMS
-LU 12 by day, week or month; transient.
drove Street.
in,' GROVE— NICELY FURNISHED LARGE
±\JO front room, $7: single room, $4.
A(\O GROVE-SUNNY FURNISHED BAY-
rt\JO window front room, $6.
Howard Street.
1 HTH HOWARD— SUNNY FRONT ROOM;
X U i \J hot and cold water; $6 month.
1 O- I HOWARD— LARGE SUNNY BAY-
X— «J*± window room for 1 or 2; cheap; every
convenience.
O_OA HOWARD— S NEATLY FURNISHED,
—."X—.U sunny bay-window rooms; fine location;
garden; $25.
' Harrison Street.
LARGE SUNNY FRONT ROOM, WITH
kitchen. 954 Harrison st.
■ 1 one* SI reet.
nrr JONES-NICELY FURNISHED SUNNY
• single rm. ; also sunny alcove rm. : private.
907 -'ONES— THE N~WJNKLF,. NEW
Z±\) I management; elegant sunny suit** and
biugle: newly furnished: bath, etc.; Sill to SHI).
1 ugiin.i Street.
1 9fi^ LAGUNA— 2 NICE SUNNY FRONT
X—-\JO rooms: furnished or unfurnished.
uMraj Mr««..
A RLINGTON HOUSE, 127 KEARNY— PLBAS-
xV ant tuncy rooms, en suite and single; first ci&u
:r, every respect: terms reasonable.
arket st ree ..
1 ADO MARKET — FURNISniCD SUNNY
XXJO^i rooms to let: $1 week and up.
VOSKMITE HOUSE, 1045 MARKET — PER
1 night, 35c to $1 : week, $1 50 to $5: families.
Mary Street.
OI 1 MARY, BET. MISSION AND HOWARD—
--1.2 Neatly furnished rooms; cheap.
11111:1 1 lee,.
(\(\7 mivna. cor. EIGHTH-NEWLY FUR
UU i nished bay-window rooms; $1 a week. •
7971 MINNA — FURNISH D SUNNY
I — I 3 double room; gas; bath; $7.
inklnn r««t.
rpHE WILSON HOUSE, 775 MISSION. NEAR
1 Fourth— New fireproof building: 90 elegantly
furnished rooms: all modern Improvements; ■ ele-
vator: single or en suite: 25c tosl 50 a day.
QJH« MISSION— NICELY FURNISHED SUN-
Oi U ny suites, or single; reasonable; board op-
tional.
Oak Street.
1 9"1 OAK ST.— SUNNY FURNISHED AND
J jLO-z unfurnished rooms; S4 and $5.
O'J-iirr ell Street.
•VTICE SUNNY ROOM; $5! USE OF BATH.
_> 535 O'Farrell st.
Post Street.
Ql A POST— FOR ONE OR TWO
0 X\J gents., closet, running water, ref.: $8 orslo.
Seventh street.
1 Of* SEVENTH- NICELY FURNISHED
XOU front single rooms, $1 to 125 a week.
b— itiißTreet,
997 SIXTH — FRONT SUITE, SUITABLE
_._ I for doctor or dentist. .
Stockton Street.
_)1 7 STOCKTON-2 LIGHT HOUSEKEEPING
*±X I rooms: $11; s'ngle room, $5 or $6.
: utter street.
7AQ SUTTER, COR. TAYLOR-ELEGANT
I \JO furnished rooms, all new, by the month.
TTNFURNISHED ALCOVE ROOM; RENT
U $10. 835 Suiter st.
1111 8 — NICELY FURNISHED
1111 rooms, single, silir, also housekeeping.
Taylor Street.
1 _IQ TAYLOR— NEWLY FURNISHED SUN-
XtrC ny front rooms; single or en suite.
% Miscellaneous.
■\fEVV HOUSE; NE. CORNER; WESTERN
_.> Addition; elegantly furnished; 2 lines of cars
pass bouse; only adults; responsible parties. Ad
dress F. N., box 67, Call Office.
STORES TO LET.
I A BGE STORE AN D LOFT ; I'SK (IF KLEVA-
IJ tor; Mission st.. bet. Third and Fourth: rent
reasonable. Inquire E. PETERSON, 324 Bush st.
OFFICES TO LET.
oTr7>R^s~sTNN~^SF^7cThnrTO^
tor called to Europe; reasonable. . Apply Call
Office.
1 /j9 TAYLOR, COX. TURK— ESTABLISHED
1 doctor's oflice; corner; sunny; . rent rea-
sononab c. '■■
l)(\ O'FARRELL— SUNNY FRONT OFFICES,
_.U electric lights, elevator and janitor, services.
QQQ MARKET, OPP. MASON— LOFTS OF
000 various sizes; new, , modem building. In-
quire on premises. •: ' * "V :, '. "- ■, .
PRECKELS .BUILDING, 927 MARKET—
O Elegant snnnv ollicoa, $12 50 up; electric-light;
heating and janitor service fr»e. Apply at building
or O. 11. I'.MHSKN <fc (''>■■ 14 Montgomery st.
TAIITNEKSHIP NOTICES. ~^
D~ISSOLUTION OF COPARTNERSHIP— THE
firm doing business at the | Park Hotel known
as A. H. and W. >. MENNE Is this day dissolved
by mutual consent. -ALBERT H. .MEN NE con-
tinuing the business will assume all liabilities and
collect all outstanding accoun I
ALBERT H. MENNE.
June 1, 1896. WILLIAM F. MENNE.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JUNE 2, 1896.
BOARDING AND ROOMS.
\\ r ANTTiD^H^MlviinS^liO^D^EßirrHOJl'E
'» cooking; convenient to electric and local steam
cars. 114. Seventeenth St., East Oak 'and.
A ROE SUNNY FRONT SUITE, WITH
U board; also a single room; all strictly first-class:
.in private family; Western Addition; references
exchanged. Address M. R., box 43, Call Office.
1 99( I MCALLISTER— FINELY FURNISHED
■______ sunny rooms, with or without board.
kQO ELLIS — PARLOR FLOOR, 3 . ROOMS;
000 also others; references. ■
"1 7 1 C POLK (NOKMANDIE)— ELEGANT
X I XO rooms, single and suites; newly fur-
ir.6hed: opens June 1 as.a first-class family hotel;
references. ■■ ..-■■■■•.-■
HOTEL BERTLJNO. 714 BUSH— A FAMILY
hotel: references given and required; allmoU-
«T". rnnvf nlpnrc-. •
CHILDREN BOARDED.
WA NTE D— l^F^ N T^BTclTlirr)"ToT^iAßD;
good care; reasonable, jj 1413 Sacramento st.
"WOULD LIKE TWO OR THREE CHILDREN
*» to board: nice home; mother's care; best of
references. 1205 Lagnna st.
WIDOW WISHES INFANT OR TWO CHIL-
" dren to board: healthy locality. Address C. F.,
box 78, Call Office.
T)E«PECTABLE GERMAN FAMILY WANTS
XXi lor a children to board and care for; large
play-ground; garden; first-class home cooking;
all plain and fancy needlework taught free to
girls; reasonable. Address W. E.. box 81, Call.
EDUCATIONAL. '
A TTEND STIEHL'S COLLEGE, 723 MARKET
•TV st. The very best individual Instruction;
20 trial lessons in Shorthand, Bookkeeping, Pen-
manship, Typewriting, etc., $1; books free.
RIVATE ACADEMY of DANCING; CLASS-
es Tues, and Fri. Misses HODDY, 6a Hyde st.
■VfEW PROPOSITION IN SHORTHAND
-»-' writing; common wrllng requires an average
of 5 np or down strokes per sound, and writes 25
words per minute; therefore, if you write every
sound by one up or down stroke you may write
125 words without abbreviations. HECHT'S
school of ' ten-letter shorthand and typewriting
(two months' course $25), room 706, Spreckels
bulldiug, 927 Market St., San Francisco.
BOOKKEEPING BY TAKR: ONLY ACCOUNT-
■XJ ant teaching; 1/3 me and far more practical
than any college; rapid calculations. 659 Market.
' t>RO7ESSOR Q. MANSFIELD, TEACHEROF
X violin, guitar, mandolin, banjo. 1707 Market.
JOSEPH GRKVEN, VOICE-IMPROVER. 82
0 Ninth 'st.
OOKKPNG, WRITNO, ARITHMTC. GRAM R
day A night; noclasses: $5 month. 84 5 Mission
GUITAR MANDOLIN. PIANO AND VOCAL
\X lessons: $3 mo. MARY WESTHAUS, 39 Fifth.
PANISH, FRENCH ACADEMY. CASTILIAN
O and Parisian, 3 lessons w. : $3 m. Maze b1d,,r.37.
sJPaNLSH, FRENCH, GERMAN; MODERATE.
OMelaterschaft school Languages. 122 O'Farrell s:
YRES'. THE LEADING SHORTHAND COL-
lege, 325 Montgomery St.; individual instruc-
tion in shorthand, typing, bookkeeping, etc.: life
scholarship $50; low rates per week and month.
ijELASCO'S LYCEUM SCHOOL OF ACTING—
-L> Private theatricals arranged: pupils rehearsed
en stage. R. 6 and 12, 1.0.0. F. block. 7th and Mkt.
QCHOOL ELECTRICAL, CIVIL, MINING, MK-
-0 chanical engineering, surveying, architecture
assay; estab. '64. VAN DEP. NAILLEN, 723 Mkt.
HKALDS BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 POST ST.
Bookkeeping, business practice, shorthand,
typing, electrical engineering, telegraphy, modexa
languages rapidly taught. Write for catalogue.
\ Hill I'»CUUUL:tIt.ALL'SIUS. CuLLh.uE;2*
-. > Pn«t :romtn°rclft'. shorthand. English • low re *«
CLAIRVOYANTS.
A A
50 cts and $I—so cts and $I—so cts and 1.
"KNOWLEDGE IS POWER."
Therefore consult the great clairvoyants,
PROFS. EUGENE AND VAN DE VERE,
1728 MARKET ST.
Their readings astonish the most skeptical. All
are satisfied. The professors give advice on all
matters that are ot interest to humanity. Busi-
ness, speculation, investments, insurance, love,
courtship, marriage and divorce; settle lovers'
quarrels and cause speedy and happy marriages.
They locate mines and buried treasures, find lost
or stolen property, Interpret dreams, cure Dad
habits and destroy evil influences in half the
lime required by the best of the other mediums.
Remember, there are but few mediums in the
world that can work these wonders, and none out-
side of the eminent professors In San Francisco.
Remember also thai the professors are perma-
nently located in San Francisco: they are here to
stay. Hours 10 a. m. to Bp. m. Sundays 2 to 6P. U.
Letters containing stamps answered. -..:n" '-
PROFS. EUGENE & VAN DE VERE,
1728 Market st.
MME. TRUE. CELEBRATED gypsy. gives
infallible love charms to all; unprecedented
success in New York City; greatest card reader on j
the coast. Rooms 44-45, 306 Stockton st. Hours
9 to 8; elevator.
pROF. C. LEON, 1007 MARKET., NR. SIXTH;
X wonderful power: advice on all affairs; busi-
ness con Hdential: 9 to 8; also Sunday.
1 O NOT FAIL TO CONSULT PROF.-M. L.
*' Carnelle. the celebrated clairvoyant and busi-
ness medium; he gives correct information on
love, courtship, marriages, journeys, lawsuits,
mining speculations and all family affairs; tells
you where to go and wnat to do to be successful,
reunites tie separated and causes a speedy mar-
riage with the one of your choice: letters with
stamp answered. 220 Eddy St.; hours 9to 9.
ME. STEWART, THE SEVENTH DAUGH-
ter, is a born medium: guarantees you a true
likeness of future husband. or wife: materializes
before your own eyes so you can see no fraud Is
practiced upon the public, for 50c and $1; call and
be convinced of her wonderful gift. Rooms 3 and
4, 917 Market st. ■
MX. PORTER. WONDERFUL claikvoy-
ant, card-reader, born with a dou Die veil and
second sight: ladies 50c, gents $1; palmistry and
clairvoyant Bluings $1 50. 126 Turk si., nr. Jones.
MMX MOREAU, BEST MEDIUM: REVEALS
past, present, future; 25c up. 764 Howard st.
MX. RAVENA READS LIFE FLUENTLY:
tips on race.*; names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth.
( 1 YPSY LItE-READEK; LADIES, 26c;
VJ_ gents, 50c ; readings dally except Sun. 6 7th.
\ I M X. LEGETTE: PRESENT, PAST AND FU-
i'l ture, 25c. 311 Tehama, upstairs, near Fourth.
ME. SYBILLE TELLS FROM CRADLE TO
the grave: fee 25 cents. 914 O'Farreil st.
VI ME. AKNDT, BEST FORTUNE TELLER IX
ill the world: 50c and 1, shows you the plctureof
your future husband or wife. 4 Twelfth. cor.Market
A I ME. STEWART; GREATEST CARD BEAD-
A'-l er and clairvoyant In world; seventh daughter:
[ read cards since 11 years of age: mining, lawsuits
marriage; ladles or gents 50c 917 Market, 3 and 4.
nETURNEI), WORLD-RENOWNED MME.
J-t SCHMIDT, from the principal cities; tells past,
present and future: ) rices moderate. 856 Mission.
spimpAusM. .. r .,.-;.,;~
TEST CIRCLE TO-NIGHT; 10c. MME.
YOUNG, 605 McAllister st.; skeptics Invited.
ADDIE SWAINS LKCTCKE IN AMERICAN
■*% Hall, Berkeley, Wednesday evening.. Office,
1055 Market st.
/"CLAIRVOYANT; LADIES ONLY; FEE 25c.
V 41 Minna St., basement. •
VI ME. DR. THOMAS, CLAIRVOYANT 25
■MX yrs. Kearny, now 929 Post; fee $1; letter $2.
MKS. J. J. WHITNEY, CLAIRVOYANT
•rnnce medium: sittings $1. 2\H Stockton <K.
ASTKOLIXtY.
DR. MEAD ANSWERS ALL QUESTIONS BY
planets: daily or by mall, $'■>. Geary st. ■
FOR BALE -31 CELL
ERE IS A~POrVTK R^FDR~ r^Ou7'cHEAP;
lemon and white dog: tine retriever; stanch
on a point; winner of second premium in Oakland
dog show; 3 years old. Apply to PAYNE JEW-
ETT, North Temescal P. 0., or 1010 Broadway.
Oakland. .' '
OR SALE CHEAP-85-HORSEPOWER EN-
-T gine, boiler, shafting, pullt etc. W. E. LEE,
Twenty-fourth si. and Telegraph aye.,
9 FINE FRESH COW'S, CHEAP. 912 FRAN-
-■> cisco st, near Lark in.
1 DOZEN FANCY CHICKENS. 2425 GOUGH
J- su, near Broadway.
L">OR SALE-A '96 BELVEDERE. BICYCLE.
-T almost new, with lantern, bell, etc., complete
for $55. Apply 2213 Fil more si. ..
A N ELEGANT TAO WOOD BEDROOM SET
A for sale cheap. 843 Castro st.
AR(iAl.\ — COUNTER, RAILING, PLAT-
form, scale, truck, etc. 1 105 Sacramento st.
OW AND CALF FOR SALE. 4237 TWEN-
ty -third st.
HANDSOME GREAT DANE PUP; 10 MOS.
old; large pedl^Tae. 31 Pearl st. ,
r/Wk CHICKS; 10c EACH; HATCHED BY
O\J\J Schule's self-regulating hot-water- incu-
bator; best In the world. 1213 Valencia st. ■;•
VfEW & 2ND-HAND '"95" BICYCLES, $25 TO
i-> 65. Hamilton Cyclery, Baker and Hayes sts.
OUNTERS, SHELVING, SHOWCASES
bought and sold. 1121% Market.bet. 7th<feBth.
CIX-HORSEPOWER GAS OR GASOLINE
ij engine for sale cheap. Apply or address 215
Bay st. ■:■■-■;■;.;. _;." ■■■■..■■ ■.-■■:;■: ■ .- ■■■■■ -. ■-, r
VI RSI -CLASS SECOND-HAND WASHING-
X I ton hand press; alsoelghth medium Universal:
thoroughly overhauled; ~ cheap. i Address C. - A.,
box 100, this office. . .
ECOND-HAND GAS OR GASOLINE EN-
gines; various sizes: guaranteed perfect order;
bargain. G. E.. box 100, Call. .' .
ARGAINS TYPEWRITERS: ALL MAKES;
write for prices. Typewriter Ex.," 310 California.
1 , OILERS, ENGINES.2D-HAND MACHINERY,
I) waterplpes Mclntosh <fe Wolpm6n, 137 Beale.
ABY CARRIAGES AND RATTAN FURNI.
ture bought at the factory saves retailer's pro-
tit. California Rattan Co., 61 First st., nr. Mission
UILDTNGS BOUGHT; LUMBER, SASHES
!* doors, mantels, etc.. for sale. 1106 Mission. :.
NE ALL MEDIUM AND LARGE sf__"
fire and burs'.ar proof safe. 09. 111 Market st
(."'IRE AND BURGLAR SAFE, LETTER-
-1 press, platform scales and desk :cheap.' 102 Clay.
VTEW RANGES CHEAPER THAN "second-"
Ii hand. W. a RAY Mfg Co., 12 California st. - r
CHEAPEST AND BEST IN AMERICA— THE
WEEKLY, CALL, sent to 1 any address in the
United .States or Canada one year for $1 50, post?
age free. *™
CITY REAL ESTATE.
REAL ESTATE - . . .
....AT....
AUCTION,
at 12 o'clock noon, at the salesroom of
______
O'J'ARRELL & CO., .
11 MONTGOMERY STREET,
LICK HOUSE BLOCK.
.- - • . ■
- THURSDAY, JUNE 4, 1896. ■
/CENTRALLY .LOCATED INVESTMENT;
\J Taylor St., W. side, 137 :tf S. -of . Ellis; 2-story
house of 8 rooms and hath: 211 Taylor st.: rents
$45 ; only a few steps from Market st. : could be
made a line investment; street paved and accepted.
A DMINISTRATOR'S SALE: BRYANT ST.,
-TV S. side, 225 feet W. of Sixth; 819, i 821 . and
823 Bryant st.; 3 cottages of 4 rooms and base-
ment each; rents $45 per month; streets paved
and accepted: electric-cars pass the property: lot
60x75: trims cash, subject to confirmation of the
Superior Court; we can negotiate loan if desired.
ELEGANT OAK-ST. BUILDING LOT-FINE
lot on the north side^f Oak St., 127:6 west of
Fillmore st.; a few. steps from the Fillmore-st.
electric cars: oak st. paved and accepted by the
city: fine surroundings: size 25x137:6; terms;
$2100 can remain on mortgage in llibernia Bank
at 61 2 per cent. . .
LOT AND IMPROVEMENTS— WEST SIDE
J of -Mason St., 118:7 feet north of Lombard St.;
2111 Mason st.; four flats; one of 4 rooms; three
of 5 rooms each : stable in rear; lot has two front-
ages; rents $41: street paved and accepted ; size
19:6x122:6 to rear street; terms cash.
rpENTH-ST. BUSINESS PROPERTY; 10TH
X st.,E. side, commencing 100 feet N. of Folsom
St.; live business lots, five minutes' walk from the
City Hall and on the main highway to the Potre.ro:
street pave and accepted; bitumen sidewalk;
should be improved with stores and flats: electric-
cars will soon pass this property; 4 lots 25x100. and
one 35x100; terms cash: we can negotiate a loan
if desired.
OAK ST., N. SIDE. 75 FEET E. OF SCOTT; 922
Oak St.: 2-story modern house 7 rooms and
bath: street paved and accepted; stone sidewalk;
1 block from Devisadero street electric-cars; lot 25
xIOO; terms cash.
RICHMOND BUILDING LOTS; REFEREE'S
X\ sale; 2 lots 25x120 each, W. side of 11th aye.,
125 feet S. of Point Lobos road; level and ready to
build on : street graded, sewered and macadamized ;
terms cash.
SOUTH BRODERfCK. NEAR HAIGHT AND
Baker— Two flats. 9 and 11, South Brode.rlck:
6 rooms and bath each; sheltered from the wind
and fog; line view; a short walk from Haight-st.
cable-cars: rent $30permonth; 10136x128: terms:
$2100 can remain on mortgage, iiitternia Bank,
Interest 6Y2 per cent. _
/CENTRALLY LOCATED HOWARD-ST. IN-
\J vestment— Howard St.. north side, 225 feet
east of seventh; 1066, 1066V 2 and 10681/4 How-
ard; store and 2 flats of 6 arid 7 rooms ana bath;
rents $61 tier month: close to the new 1 ost ofiice
site and new City Hall; street paved and accepted;
table-cars pass the property; lot 25x90: terms,
cash above mortgage of $3100, at 6V_ per cent,
Hibernia Bank.
YALENCIA-ST. BUSINESS PROPERTY—
V Two lots on the west line of Valencia st., 107
feet north of 24tii; coming business property; lots
extra width; street paved and accepted: cable-cars
pass the property; should be Improved with stores
and flats; each lot 35:3x90; terms cash; we can
negotiate loan if desired.
A DMINISTRATOR'S SALE — BRYANT-ST.
Jt\. flats; Bryant st., south side, 121 :3 feet cast of
Third; 457 and 457% Bryant st.: two flats, one of
6 rooms and bath and one of 3 rooms; rents
$3760: street paved- and accepted by the city;
Third-st. electric cars a few steps away; lot has two
frontages; size 22x80 to Park lane; terms cash,
subject to confirmation of Superior Court; we can
negotiate loan if desired. .
COZY COTTAGE— CLINTON PARK, SOUTH
side, 180 feet east of Dolores St., No. 265; cozy
cottage of 6 rooms and bath, near Market and Va-
lencia sts.. only 16 minutes Irom Kearny st. lot
25x75; terms cash; we can negotiate loan if de-
sired. _^_
pHESTNUT ST.— NORTH SIDE, 75 FEET
\J east of Dupont, 140 Chestnut St., ; 2-story
house of 8 rooms, divided into tenements; brick
foundation: rent 825; lot 22:t5x!22:6 to alley;
small piece out as pec diagram ; terms cash.
For further particulars apply to
O'FARRELL & CO.. Auctioneers,
11 Montgomery st.
PLENDID ■ '
O BUILDING LOTS
AT EXTREMELY LOW PRICES.
FRONTING THE PARK (H ST.)
FRONTING I st.
FRONTING 9TII AVK.
FRONTING 10TH AYE.
We desire to call. to your attention the block
bounded as above: we believe that If you will give
this property your consideration you will be fa-
vorably impressed with its aesirability either for
inveHtment or residence purposes: the block has
been graded: gas and water is piped I to the , prop-
erty; the streets are on the official grade.
price $750 AND upward.
Tr.RMS— $5O CASH, 810 MONTHLY.
Remember, this property faces the park at the
Nlnth-ave. entrance and is very close to the site
for the affiliated colleges; send for a diagram.
::-*.*-•■<' BALDWIN <_ HAMMOND,
" 10 Montgomery st.
07 LOTS SOLD " ""
0 I 13 LOTS LEFT.
IF YOU WANT ONE BE QUICK.
11th and 12th ayes., bet. California and Lake
sts.: $700— 550 cash, $10 monthly: streets all
sewered, graded and macadamized; water pipes
laid; level and ready to build on; on the line of
the Caiitornia-st. cars and one block from Sutro
electric line; go to-day and see them; cheapest
lots in Richmond.
BALDWIN & HAMMOND,
V ■ . ■ -" .10 Montgomery st.
171ORSALE— LOTS HAVING A FRONTAGE
of 383 feet on the southeasterly side of Mission
St.. from Precita aye. to Serpentine uve., and also
having a frontage of 183 feet on Precita aye. Also
lot ou south line of Washington st.: 25 feet 10
inches east of Dupont; 26x40 leet: with 2-story
brick building thereon; renting for $83 per month;
good tenant. .
Bids will be received for the entire property or
for any portion of the same up to June 1, 1896, by
WALTER HOGE at 18 Post St., San Francisco,
care of JOHN H. GK ADV.
Mission street accepted and sidewalk in front of
the property laid with bitumen and granite curb.
SUBSTANTIAL, MODERN HOUSE BUILT
at from $160 to $275 a room; call and see
plans. JAMES McCONAHEY, 1149 Missions*.
T A COB HE\MAN, REAL ESTATE, HAS
v removed to 11 Montgomery st.
ARGAIN; SACRIFICE; KU REASONABLE
. offer refused; . beautiful home; grand view;
large grounds; water, stable, etc; would exchange.
BHADBL RNE, 415 Montgomery st.
ffli'ftn CASH: ;BALANCE LIKE RENT:
S-rnrv 2-story bow-window residence, 10
«_H/U fine 2-story bow-window resldenc-, 10
moms, bath and modern conveniences; lot 25x
100; McAllister st., bet. Broderick and Baker:
cable-cars pass. '
THOMAS m AGEE & SON». 4 Montgomery st.
1/ OK SALE. CUKAP— r WO '.-STORY HOUSES;
1 lot 27:6x85; 7 rooms; bath: finished base-
ment; rooms decorated; electric wire: speaking
tubes: ; stone walks. On Waller st., near Stanyan,
half block from Golden Gate Park. ■
i>V(\(\ ALL amount DOWN , WILL
OIIUU. buy a lovely 7-room cottage located
on E. side of Castro St., near 23d; lot 25x105: fine-
ly decorated spacious rooms: stairs In front ball to
attic; porcelain tub: ■ everything modern through-
out; $30 per month; don't fail to cull and examine
It. S. A. BORN, owner and builder. 4075 , 24 th st.
AN RAFAEL LOT WORTH $3000 FOR
O $1600: nicest lot in town: on acceped street:
75x130. J. R. P.OCHE, San Rafael.
/"•HEAP;" HIGH LEVEL LOTS IN WEST
\J Berkeley; near station: near good schools.
$375— Lot 39x135; $50 down. $5 monthly.
• $200— Lot 25x130; $5 down, $5 monthly.
$550— Lot ,60x120; sewered; $25 down, flO
monthly. v
CHAS. A. BAILEY, 20 J Montgomery st.
ODERN 2-STORY' DWELLING, 7 ROOMS,
bath, basement and attic, built for $2500;
flats and cottages built at most reasonable rates.
Call and see plans. J. McCONAHEY, 1 149 Mission
"LOR SALE — ELEGANT 12-ROOM HOUSK,
r Just completed, opp. Park: modern. 1917 Oak.
Oil AH CASH; BALANCE SAME AS RENT;
iJIUU cheap cottage home ■in Mission. Mo-
E WEN BUGS., 118 Montgomery St.
<2i UAH NEW COTTAGE AND LOT; FIVE
tjpt/UU. rooms: hard finished. -Inquire LEIS-
ER'S grocery-store, 3430 Mission St., near Thirty-
llrst. .-"-,-•-.- - -■-.- .-■■■'-■'■"• ...-■; -.. ■
WANTED-SMALL SUNNY' COTTAGE AND
lot ; state particulars. C. L-, box 34, Ca'l Office.
SJ^Sr* A WEEK'S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS— THE
3E-s^ WEEKI Y CALL, IP wrapper, for mailing.
COUNTRY KEAL ESTATE. ■
'i^Vr^oTm^'H^VEVVMPnoVED^STOCK
«JpA-L._Ul/. ; ranches, near each other, all clear,
aggregating 111.0 acres; will '■ exchange; fine resi-
dence in Gilroy, $4000, and Sari Josh. $3500: 20-
-acre ranch, Sonoma County, $1000; 30 acres fruit
land near Naia, $2200: 2 acres in Napa,s;6oo;
16^ acres vineyard at - St. Helena, $1600; all
clear; elegantly furnished summer villa In Santa
Cruz Mountains: i CHAS. COL TON, 906 Market st.
SCHOOL OK GOVERNMENT LAND; LAKE
or northern counties.* Ad. J. N.. box 35, Call.
1 ri ACRES (ROAD HOUSE): LOVELY PLACE;
X i highly cultivated: near Stockton; . offered
cheap account death of owner's wife. See SF.ti.CK
& CO., 602 Market. ' - , \
MARTN~COUN I Y— 3ooo ACRES" 26 -MILES
from city; Io s any • sl/.e; fruit, grain, vegeta-
ble lan rail or water transit; $40 to. $75 per
acre; terms to suit, '•' syndicate Investment •: Com-
pany, 65 Chronicle building. . ':■;..
HOMES IN LOS G VI OS OR ORCHARDS
X in the vicinity or in Santa Cruz Mountains call
or address C. K. STETSON, box 298, with B. H.
Noble & Co. ■-,-•■■ ',■"?■::;•-•:•'.■"•.•.-.:-.- -,-'.-,: " :
ONI RA COSTA COUNTY LAND FOR SALE-
V send for list. 1 D. J. WEST, Martinez, CaL
END FOR OUR LIST OF ORCHARD HOMES
for sale. WOOSTER A WH ITTON. San Jo»».
T ITTLJS HOMES CLOSK TO TOWN: IM-
.' XJ proved; > easy •' terms ; also ,4, 6 and 512 acre
pieces on 8 and 10 yean* credit; 8 partly Improved, '
with small bouse, etc. ' D. H. 'fwm a, : (Sonoma
City. ■ inquire 633 Market at., 9. if.
CITY REAL ESTATE. ;
NLY S5OO CASH. -■-.--— - - ™n^™.
' NEW RICHMOND HOME.
■ ." AT A SACRIFICE.
<B» AAA HANDSOME : NEW . COTTAGE OF
tH I *-»"'"' 6 rooms; bath, basement and attic;
on 2d aye., near California st.; just finished; mod-
ern, complete and well ■ built: lot 25x120 ' feet a
rare opportunity to purchase a cozy home at a
"low cash price" on easy mo uhly payments. ,
EASTON, ELDRI DGE & C 0. ,.
- - . 638 Market st.
BIG VALUE.
FINE INVESTMENT.
IN THE WESTERN ADDITION.
■ Oil C AAA 6 MODERN FLATS OK 6 AND
«iTJI O.\J\J\J. 5 rooms and bath on the north
side or Oak st., near Scott; only 5 years old and in
splendid condition: rents $1560 per annum ; lot
1 60x137:6 Jeet; reduced from $20,000 for imme-
I diate sale. . EASTON, ELDRJ DGE & CO ,
j - '- " 638 Market st.
ISSION RESIDENCE. ~~ ~
IN GOOD CONDITION.
MUST BE SOLD.
©70.0.0, A SUBSTANTIAL THREE-
«Jp • \J\J\Jt story residence of 14 rooms and bath
on Howard st. near 17th; at present used as a
I lodging house and pay nsj well; lot 25x122:6 ii.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO..
:.>. ■■■■■ . . 638 Market street:
/CHOICE OFFERING. : " ". ■'■■ ■•- ■ --. ■ ■'.- -"- ■-•
\J ELEGANT FLATS.
' FACING PARK PANHANDLE. .
< 111 (HIM THREE MODERN : FLATS,
«JPi.l/jUI/U. nearly new, well and substantially
built, ou the north side of Fell St.. near Lott; pav3
10 percent; lot 25x1 37 :6 ft.; this is gilt edge prop-
erty and has a great future.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO..
638 Market street.
QOUTH SIDE INVESTMENT. . . .' • ""^
O WELL IMPROVED PROPERTY,
NEAR FIFTH AND HARRISON.
CJM9E A/ 4 SUBSTANTIAL . HOUSES OF 4
vp^k—OVJ, and 5 rooms each;, in good condi-
tion: always rented; Days $52 per month: 'fine lot,
37:6x112; this property would be cheap at $5250.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO.,
■' ' ' 638 Market st.
USINESS PROPERTY, ■ " ' "
NEAR INGLESIDE RACETRACK
AND NEW COURSING GROUNDS.
CJJOAAA A ROADHOUSE ON THE OCEAN
©_WU. House road:" leased for 3 years at $25
per month; lot 60x93x138.
:: ■> ' -.'■ EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO.,
. 638 Market st.
COZY HOME. - . ■ ■ -- - ■• -
MUST BE SOLD.
LOT WORTH THE MONEY.
oJ_"| 7AA A SUBSTANTIAL COTTAGE OF 6
€pJ- I \J\J . rooms and bath on Precita aye., near
Coso St.; 1 block from Mission, Valencia or Fol-
som St. cars; lot 40x140.
EAS'iON, ELDRIDGE <fc CO..
- 638 Market st.
A SPECIAL LIST .- ■.- • ;•-.■
OF SPECIAL BARGAINS
FOR SPECIAL LOTS.
$4200— Sutler st., nr. Devisadero. 30:6x164.
$4000— NW. cor. Church and Army, 88x80.
$3600— Two choice lots on Presidio Heights,
50x127:8.
$3500— Washington, nr. Devisadero. 30x127
$3250— Vatlejo St., ur.,Lyon. 51:6x137:6.
$3000— Baker St.. nr. Oak, 25x96:10. ■
$2250— Ashbury St., nr. Fell, 25x112:6.
$2100—' layton St., nr. Pate, 25x106:3.
$2000— Fiiraore St., nr. Filbert, 25x100.
100— Lake St.. nr. California, 25x102:6.
$1050— second aye,, nr. California st., 25x100.
$900— Six lots, Excelsior Homestead, 150x100.
$800-1 st., nr. Twelfth aye., 25x100.
$750— Tenth aye , nr. California at., 25x120.
$400— Tweuty-iifth aye., nr. Pt. Lobo«, 25x120.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO.,
638 Market st.
PROPERTY WANTED.
T AND WANTED IN LARGE BODIES FROM
XJ 1000 acres up; improved or unimproved; will
deal with owners only Addre«s Farm, Field and
Fireside, Homeseekers 1 Department, Chicago, 111.
\\r ANTED— RESIDENCE, FOR STOCK AND
' ' hog ranch. Owner, 20 O'Farrell St.. room 4.
money to loan.
"a'dvanc'e^on^la^o^^^eweXkyVJeto".
A Columbia Loan & Collateral Office, 9 Grant ava.
rpOLOANBY PRIVATE PARTY; FROM $20
X to $5000 on good security. P.O.box 444, Oakland
OANS ON REAL ESTATE IST OR 2ND
-'mortgajres, furniture or pianos; no removal ; any
amount; low rates. BECKER, 328 Montgomery.
ADVANCES ON DIAMONDS, WATCHES,
ii jewelry, also on furniture, pianos, without re-
moval; lowest rates. BALDWIN JEWELRY
STORE, 948 Market St.; open evenings.
NY AMOUNT: IST, 2D or 3D MORTGAGES:
estates, undivided interests, real estate in :>.-i>
bate. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, room 3. -
I OANS ON BONDS, DIAMONDS, WATCHES,
-i jewelry, silverware, sealskins, silks and instru-
ments: interest low; private entrance: private
rooms: disireet attendants, at UNCLE HARRIS,
15 Grant aye.
ONEY LYING IDLE; TAKE AT $5 INTER-
est per month for each $1000; same rate sec-
ond mortgage or life insurance. Coin, box 2, Call.
VI ONEY LOANED ON JEWELRY AND
I*l other valuables at the . Security Loan Otlics,
llU6Marketst..nr. Mason: private entrance 7 Turk.
I DIRECT ON YOUR FURNITURE OR PIANO:
.*-' no removal: no delays; no com mis sinus: low
interest. Km. 68, Donohue bldg, 1170 Market st.
OS. B. TOPLITZ HAS $100,000 TO LOAN ON
life insurance policies, 33 Pine st.
OANH ON FURNITURE, PIANOS AND
diamonds: confidential. Room 107, 6 Eddy st
IST<4:2I) MORTGAGES: INTERESTS IN E.S-
tates:lowest rotesMio deUr.MURPHY.O2H a»rlc.
PAWNBROKERS.
T 128 KEARNY ST.. ROOM V— MONK V
loaned, watches, diamonds, eta; low rates: uri*
vate rooms: elevator: pledges for gal i cheap.
MONEY WANTED.
TUMONEY WANTED IMMEDIATELY ON CITY
l'J real estate. Apply at 17 Hickory aye.
DENTISTS. '
IjMRST-CLASS DENTISTRY: FIRST-CLASS
X prices; first-class results: painless extraction
and painless implantation of teeth. W. C. HAR-
DING, CM., M.D., 500 Suiter St., corner Powell.
R. DUCKETT, 1703 POsT ST., NEAR BU-
cnanan; gaß given; crown and bridge work.
DX. L." T. CRANK— EXTRACTION PAINLESS,
crown work, bridge work and teeth withoat
plates a specialty. 103 Geary St., cor. Grant ava. '
pROOME DENTAL ASSOCIATION, 759 MAR-
\J ket, bet. 3d and 4th, gas specialists; only reli-
able agent for painless extraction; artificial teeth
lrm $5; fillings frm $1; extracting 50c, withgassl.
ONEST WORK: VERY LOWEST PRICES.
DR. HARDCASTLE, 628 Montgomery, rm. 1.
©7 A SET FOR TEETH: WARRANTED AS
<Jj) I good as can be made: lillins $1. Dr. SIMMS,
dentist, 930 Market St.. next Baldwin Theater.
~j R. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 MARKET ST.,
XJ near Eleventh: no charge for extracting when
plates are made; old plates made over like new;
teeth from $8 per set; extracting 60c; gas given.
L^ULL ••■>_; i OF 'JEEiU, $7; WARRANTED
X five years. DR. V. CA V a KY, 24 sixth st. .
ET OF TEETH WITHOUT A PLATE. DR. H.
G. YOUNG, 1841 Polk St. !:
1 \R. GEORGE W. LEEK. THE GENUINE
XJ Leek dentist, discoverer of oalnless extraction
and patentee of improved bridge ! work or teetn
without any plate, moved from 6 to 20 O'Farrell st.
T>A INLKSS EXTRACTION. 60c; CROWN
X bridge work a specialty; plates, $3 up; 13vea»'
experience. . R. L. WaLcsH. D.D.H.. 815»4 Geary.
1 R. H. H. SHAW, 224 KEARNY — BRIDGE-
XJ work a specialty; open evenings 7:30 to 9. , ■'.
/ OLTON DENTAL ASSOCIATION. BUtT ilAti-
\J ket st. DR. CHARLES W. DECKER.
R. J.J. LEEK7I2O6MA*RKET, COR. GOLDEN
Gato aye.— Open evenings: SnnUays till noon.
XX WORK REASONABLE AND W__-
ranted. DR. J W. KEY. 1123 Market st.
WEEK'S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS — TBS
WEEKLY CALL. in wrapper, for mailing.
. . LEGAL NOTICES.
OT?6^iSTuniEBY~GI VJiNIjY" miDEIToF
xi tb • Board of . Directors of the San Francisco
and ■an Joaquin Valley Hallway Company that a
meeting of the stockholders of said company has
been called by said board, to be held on TUES-
, DAY, the lath day of June, 1896, at 3 o'clock in
the afternoon, at the principal place of business of
said company, at the building * where the said
Board of Directors usually meets, namely, at the !
office of said company, No. 321 Market street, in !
the city and county of San Francisco, in the State j
of California; : that the object of said meeting is to
consider and act upon the proposition that said
company create a bonded Indebtedness of six mil-
lion dollars ($6,000,000) in gold coin of the United
States, for the | purpose of 1 raising money to com-
plete the construction - and equipment of the rail-
road of this corporation from the city and county i
of San Francisco to the town of Bakersfleld, in the
county of Kern, state of California, and to pur-
chase and ; pay* for any other property within the |
purposes ■of said company, , and to secure the
bonded Indebtedness so proposed to be created by
a mortgage or trust deed upon the railroad and
railroad lines and other property of said company
now owned or hereafter to be acquired by said
company.
.By order of the. Board of Directors of the San
Francisco and san : Joaquin Valley Railway Com-
pany. ' ■
[Corporate seal.] ALEXANDER MACKIE,
Secretary the San Francisco and Ban Joaquin J
• ■-.: Valley Railway Company. • ':>■:":
TTNITKD STATES CIRCUIT COURT. NINTH
U : Judicial Circuit, Northern ; District of Cali-
tornia.'?SSiU*«*K*Mß**S3S' ■ " "-" ■ ''^WMI
In the matter of a special session of said Circuit
Court."- t*. ' *■,-.■ ■- ■■■■■' ."•-:'■■ •-"'■■ -,■:'/
Pursuant to section 654 of the Revised Statutes
of the United States it ls>* :
Ordered " that a : special ; session of the Circuit
Court of the United States -of America of .< the
Ninth Judicial circuit, in and ior j the Northern
District of California, be and hereby is appointed
to be held at the courtroom 'of . Bald court In the
United States Appraisers' building,- in the City
and County of san Francisco, in said district, on
Friday, the )2th day of June, .in. the year of our
Lord one thousand eight • hundred and ninety-sis,
at the hour of 11 o'clock a. m. '-" • • ••-■" ■?■■>■
' Witness -my ' hand and seal at the City and
County of San Francisco this twenty -sixth day of
May. A. D. 1896. ■
•Seal. [Signed] JOSEPH McKENN'A, '_
United States Circuit Judge, ■ Ninth Judicial Dis-
>■ trict. v :.--■.'■•-:-.-■ --..---=.....'. ■-■V;\ ...■•■•-•-".»* ■■ .-' ~w. : s'; ;
To BARRY BALDWIN Esq., United States
i Marshal, Northern District of California,
And W. J. (M)STIGAN Esq., Clerk United States
Circuit Court, Northern District 0! California. (
. -■■..■ ' - ■ ■ -■- ■-- ; - ".-:.;,■:. t \
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY.
Oakland real ESTATE. . _._ .
ARGAINS, BARGAINST^BARGAINS for
the times. JSSJK
©Qr^AA NEW 6-ROOM COTTAGE WITH
«IPOtM7U. hall, bath, laundry, water, etc. : elec-
tric lights and car line one block; s reel work and
sewers completed; tine view overlooking bay and
city; beautiful yard and flowers; lot 50x125; a
lovely home, situated on East Oakland Heights; a
rare bargain: this. same property is for rent, ele-
gantly furnished, for 3 or 4 months at $30 to
right party only.
900 B-ROOM COTTAGE; NEWLY PA-
ttpXA\J\J. pered and pain ed: deep basement;
lot 50x150: situated near 13th aye., East Oakland.
©"I £f\(\ 5-ROOM COTTAGE WITH BATH,
(JpIUUU. laUndry, hl,-h basement, water, gas,
sewers, etc. ; situated on 19th aye.: oily $150
cash, balance in installments of $18 or $20 per
month.
i q_Q£AA TWO COTTAGES -OF 3 ROOMS;
'iPOO\J\J. lot 60x140: located on East 14th St.,
within one blocK of business center of Kast Oak-
land; also within one block of two car lines and
only three blocks from broad-gauge station; both
cottages now rented.
©{if; A A BEAUTIFUL 10-ROOM HOUSE;
*ir\JU\J\J. near new Peralta lleichts, East, Oak-
land: reception hall: porcelain bath; 2 elegant,
mantels, one of them solid maho-any: house done
In panel work throughout, whh beautifu ly fres-
coed cup ceil, ngs: high ground; fine view: prop-
erty cost owner nearly *9000; terms half cash,
balance time to suit purchaser, with interest at 6
per cent. •
We have dozens of other houses listed on the
i same low basis as the above-mentioned, all re-
-1 duced from one-third to one-half in price, in order
to sell them; we have also many fine building lots,
on which the owners would be very glad to realize
two-thirds of what they have been offered for them
in the past. Money ! Money ! 1 is what they want
and must have. Havu you pot money? And do
you want a home? If so, now Is your time to get
1 it before the tide turns.
I B. H. WELCH «fc Co., real estate, cor. Fifth aye.
and Eighteenth st., East Oakland.
I AM AUTHORIZED BY THE BANK TO
sell the following property: •
■ Firs'.— Lot 2dx140, running through to wide
alle.-, cottage 5 rooms, almost new; in Al con-
-1 dition: fronting on city nark: convenient to elec-
tric cars and local; cost original owner $2500;
price $1400; terms, $200 to $400 cash; balance
mortgage. •
i Second— loo feet front on principal residence
street corner; street macadamized, sewered, ce-
ment walks; modern cottage 6 rooms: first-class
condition: cost original owner $4500: can be
bought for «2500; terms $500 cash, balance mort-
gage. .
Third— feet front on Telegraph aye. ; prop-
erty in this location considered worth $20 to $30
per front foot: this property will be closed out for
$12 per front foot; terms, part cash. J. S. MYERS,
1002 Broadway, Oakland.
NAP— $BOO; HOUSE OF 4 ROOMS; CHICKEN-
house; good well and water: lot 75x114: all
fenced; near Fruitvale aye.: easy terms. Fruit-
vale Land Company, Fruitvale station.
FOR NT— AN ELEGANT RESIDENCE OF
10 rooms on Fruitvale aye.: furnished or unfur-
nished; beautiiul grounds: profusion of flowers.
frui and shrubbery; carriage-house, barn, etc.
Fruitvale Land Company, Fruitvale station. -
OUSE AND BUILDING LOTS ON INSTALL-
ments equal to rent; close to Fruitvale sta-
tioh; 45 minutes to San Francisco; 13 minutes to
Broadway, Oakland; street work all done; sewers,
gas and water in. Apply to Syndicate Investment
Company, EDWARD DICK, agent, Fruitvale sta-
tion. - >
OAKLAND HOUSES TO LET.
OR RENT— SI 7 60 ON iV, 7-ROOM FLAI'7
no dark or inside rooms: closets; stoves all set;
water; dumb-waiter: 956 Union St., Oakland.
A. 11. BREED & C '.. 461) Ninth St.. Oakland.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— I43S PARK STREET.
ALA3IEDA KEAL ESTATE.
A LAMBDA LAND COMPANY, 57 CHRONI-
Jt\. cle building, are selling choice fruit lands; 1 Va
hours from San Francisco, at $35 per acre; title
perfect. •:.-•.'';
OR COTTAGE OF 6 ROOMS AT
very low price: also two unimproved lots. Ad-
dress 908 Eagle aye,, Alameda.
"L^RUIT ORCHARD INVESTMENT; WILL
£ net 30 per cent: 30 acres peach, apricot, prune
and pear, selected especially for canning and dr.,-
I ing; cannery near that will make five year's con-
tract for fruit best and safest fruit orchard propo-
sition in the State. JOHN T. HALL, Alameda,
pOTTAGE, 4 ROOMS AND BATH, LARGE
\J lot, $1800, $-00 cash, balance easy terms:
cottage, 4 rooms, large lot, $1000 cash. THUS.
F. BAIRD, 1303 Park st. ..
HOMES BUILT ON TERMS WITHIN the
reach of ail ; rare chance to secure a home on
I easy terms: 4, 5. 6 and 7 room cottages and 2-story 1
dwellings on easy terms: from $2000 up: $150 j
cash; balance on easy monthly payments to suit.
j Address A. R. DENKE. real estate, architect and 1
I builder, 1502 Seventh St.. Alameda.
SNAP— IF YOU WAN I' TO SEE A PRETTY
house look at the one just finished on Central
I aye., between Oak and Walnut sts.. Alameda; I
I am sure if you wished to buy it will suit you, as it
I is for sale: 7 larce rooms very finely frescoed and
finished: open most every afternoon. GEO. B.
M. GRAY, 453 Ninth St.. Oakland.
A WEEK'S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS — THiS
WEEKLY CALL. Id wrapper, for mailing.
ALAMEDA HOUSES TO LET.
o"n?E~Nr^oriTw'ToTr~A7!r^^ I
modern Improvements; lawn: flowers: rent ■
i $20: water free. 1434 Ninth St., bet. Mustick and
! Knclnal station, Alameda. •
BEKKELEY liEAL ESTATE.
JOSEPH MASON, REaL ESTATE AND
O insurance ; agent, Berkeley station, adjoining
bank. . .
GOOD HOMES FOR RENT OR FOX SALE
on easy terms. O. G. MAY & CO., real estate
and building, 2123 Center St.. Berkeley.
Berkeley houses.
B^^elJt^cl!iolcestTT6^ation IN
Berkeley: lot 100x'_70: fruits and flowers ga-
lore: 8 rooms, bath, laundry, etc.: all beautifully
furnished; to first-class tenant long term. See
CAPTAIN MORRISON, Berkeley.
IPOR RENT— FURNISHED HOUSE: 5 ROOMS
-F and batn; piano; $30. 1:014 Virginia St., near
Sbattuck aye.. Berryman station. ■ .
I'KOPiCKTV TO EXCHANGE. • >
<_*£- LARGE COKNER~LOT~Tn~SUTTER
(jjiOu. City; worth $200. DECKER, 1020 Market.
£.(\(\ BARGAINS— WHAT DO YOU WANT?
O\J\J 20 houses and lots from $1250 t0.. .510,000
50 ranches, all sizes, from $100 t0.... 30,000
100 business places, all kinds, from S5O to. ■ 4,000
25 lodging-houses and hotels from $200 to. 3,000
H. C. DECKER, 10-0 Market St., opposite Fifth.
ANTED— TO EXCHANGE LOT IN KlCH-
mond district for small place In the country;
call at 207 Point Lobos aye. J. J. MILLER. '
"EXCHANGE— FOR IMPROVED RANCH, UN-
JCJ Incumbered. lot in san Francisco, 47x114 feet,
on Twenty-fourth St., Nos. 932 and 934, with build-
ings in good condition; '2 stores: large ball com-
pletely fitted up; 4-room cottage; electric-cars on
street; valuation $6000; mortgage $3000. J., box
4, Call Office. ; *" v '
~|9Q/l ACRES TIMBER LAND, KERN CO.:
-L_-OV/ WBter: tine for cattle-raising. N..bx.16,Ca1l
ATTOKNEYS-AT-LAW.
mTc^l^h^E^DTvoTici^LA^s'lC^^El^
A alty; private; no charge unless successful; all
lawsuits, claims, collections, wills, deeds, etc., at-
tended to. G. W. HOWE, aU'y-at-law. 850 Market. !
T .E. PHILLIPS— U. S. AND STATE COURTS; I
J.J. .R. E. titles and wills; money to loan on es-
tates; charges moderate, unices 608 California st,
J. NOLEN, ATTORNEY-AT-LAW. 719
. Market st.; advice free, ;. ,
J. MURRAY, ATT'Y AND COUNSELOR AT
• law: advice free. 24 Sixth st., rooms 14, 15.
W. DAVIDSON, ATTORNEY-A 1-LAW.42O
. California St., rooms 14 and 15: advice fre*
PROPOSALS.
~PR^p?>sXCs^tTi^^
X Sealed proposals will be received at the office of
the clerk at State Prison, San Quentin, until lv •
a. M., Saturday, the 13th day of , June, 1896, and '
at the office of the clerk at : State Prison, Folsom, j
■ until 9:30 A. m., Saturday, the 20th day of June, 1
[ 1896," a: which ■ times and places they will be j
opened In presence of bidders, for • furnishing '
and delivering supplies for said prisons, consisting
of subsis ence si ores, forage, fuel, clothing, mcdi- |
cines, lime, cement. and other staple supplies, '•
! from July 1. 1896, to June 30, 1897, inclusive, on !
I conditions as per printed schedule, which wi'l be '
furnished upou application at either of the above |
offices. ;.-•• -■■ ■ ..-., •»■" -. - -- ■ . .-■ ..-..-;•
- No bid will be considered unless made upon said
schedules, nor unless accompanied by the certified
check therein required, nor from any other
parties than - bona-fide dealers in - the classes |
of: articles to be furnisned. ■ Each bidder must I
accompany -his bid with a certified check '
upon ':■■• some well-known and .; responsible ;
lanking-huuse for -at least 10 per cent of the
amount, payable to R. M. FITZGERALD, presi- I
di nt of said board, ( f - his bid, conditioned that the
Udder will . enter into a contract upon notice of ac- '
ceptance as r quired by lav.v. . ■'.' -i, ."••■■Vv\-
Bids for either . prison v must kbe marked sepa- j
rate y. All payment!* made on contracts will be '
paid in cash or Controller's warrants. •--._:.■.-■■
■ • Bidders will carefully : follow the ■ conditions of
the schedules. iH l MWllHW'»il*'iiHiW'j ilJliiTAiWiaiWUfunrr >
The board reserves the right .to reject any or all |
bids, as the public interest i may require, and to or- j
der any quantity over or under the amoun I speci-
fied. R. If. FITZGERALD, President. .
,- J. V. Etxig. Clerk. . . . ; ■ ■ ■: I
MAiiltlAliE LICENSES.;
The following marriage licenses were Issued by
the County Clerk's office yesterday : *
■. W. R. Shoemaker and J. D. Cheesman, 33—31. - ■■
George Conway and Minnie E. Bowman, 41—23.
Julius Heyman at;tl Augusta Jacobs, 35— '
'. W. •>. Anderson <■ d Josephine Johnson, 35—29. •
Silvio J. Maggettl -md ClorlndaT. Bloom, 25—19.
Hubert Schneider tnd Alice Halter, 46-44. . ■
Morris J. Murphy and Julfa McCarthy. 26-19.
J. A. TannAliile and M. A. DonosjhiiP, 29-23.
Ignatz Lowengart and Leak (ier-u, 34—24.
George Barrlav and Mag_ie Leslie, 31— -9._ ■
August J. Lir,de:i and Lily. B. IVterson, 87-23.
John E. Marchanj and Alice M. Prouty, 2b-27.
James Tod and Eliza I!. Crabbe, 37-40. .
Edward B. Parsons and Marie A. Larois. 26-24.
Erich A. Erickson and Alma J. F. F'tire,2B-2a
Walter Dunphy ami Ellen Shea, 54—31.
Etnil G. Nelson and,selma Anderson. _<)— 2O.
C. J. Schwabe aud Christine I), .lessen. 38-30.
DlVOilCi; FiSOOiiifilfl^Uji.j
Complaint fl|Pl: . .
Hans Kuhd against Helen Kuhel.
Sarah J. Lynch against Chester Lynch.
Divorces strained: ■ -
Ella Quimby from Stephen Quimby, on cross-
complaint for desertion; by Judge Daingerfleld.
Plaintiff allowed custody of minor child," Hurry H.
Quimbv, and defendant allowed custody of minor
child. Rosa Quimby. plain Iff ordere I to pay de-
fendant $15 a month for the support of her child.
Saran Herzo; from Louis Hera_g, for desertion:
by Jndi<e Seuwell. Plaintiff allowed custody of
minor child and $25 a month for Its support.
Margaretha .Heinz from William litiuz. for
cruelty; by Judge Hunt.' Plaintiff allowed three-
tifths of community property.
Alimony proceedings:^
William ii. Harrison .vs. Annie M. Harrison.
Plaintiff ordered to pay defendant $.'5 a month,
pendente lite, by Judge Murphy.
BiRTItS— CARRIAGES—
BORN.
EASOM— May 19..1896, to the wife of H. Easom,
a son.
LEV T V— May 27, 1896, to the wife of Albert Levy,
a daughter. ' .' \ •
McCALLUM— In this city. May 29, 1896, to the
wife of J. H. McCallum, a son.
WILLIAMS— At Naia. Cal., May 14, 1896, to the
wife of E. A. Williams, a son., "
3IAKKIKU.
JONES— BUSCH-In this city. Mnv 31. 1896, by
the Rev. J. Fuendeling, Edward Jones aud Mrs.
Barbara Buich.
JORDAN— HOLMAN— In Oakland, March 7,1896,
by the Rev. Owen Jones, Ernest B. Jordau and
Bertha Ho man. both of San Francisco.
PFANDLER-SCJtiOENI— In this city. May 38.
IS9B. by the Rev. J. Fuendeling, Anton Pfandler
and Lina Schoeni.
WITT— BAHX-In this rity, May 30. 1896, by
the Rev. J. Fuendeling, Claus Heinrich Witt and
A agnate R c. rtatin.
1)1 _,!>.
Abrams Jacob Lohse. NiuholaiM
Davidson, Jacob I. ,f us. John
Donovan, Katie McCluskey, James
E Ms, Thomas C. Peterson, Aniers
Fi;zpatrlck.CatlierineT Peterson, Mathilda
Fulton. Florence E. Reardon, Edward D.
Gumcio, Pietro Blrnson, Colin
Jones, G. H. J. Schneider. Kre.lerickW.
Jewell, Barnard BwarUey, Kate M.
Lavin, Thomas Shea, Patrick
White, Charles
ABRAMS-In this city. May SO, 1896. Jacob
A brunts, a native of New York, aged 38 years.
DAVIDSON— In this city, May- 31, 1896, Jacob,
husband of Sarah Davidson, father of Dr. Joseph
I., Samuel and David Davidson, and brother of
Mrs. A. Helnebersr, a native of Tecklenber?.
Westphalia, Germany, aged 71 years 1 month
and 7 days.- [ New York city. Philadelphia (Pa.)
: and Portland (Or.) papers please copy.J
. «S"The funeral will take place THIS DAY
(Tuesday), at 10:30 o'clock a. m., from the
family residence, 411 Golden Gate avenue. In-
terment Home of Peace Cemetery by tram from
Third aud Townsend streets at 11:45 o'clock a.m.
DONOVAN— In this city, June 1. 1^96. Katie, be-
loved wife of John Donovan, sister of Hannah,
Nano and Con Mahoney. a native ot the parish Of
Kilm^en. County Cork, Ireland, aged 29 yean.
aS"Frientis and acquaintances «re respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Wednesday), at 8:30 o'clock a.m.. from her lat«
residence, 148 Harriet street, between Sixth and
Seventh, Howard and I'oUom, thence to St.
Patrick's Church, where a solemn requiem high
mass will b.' celebrated for the repose of her
soul, commencing at 9 o'clock a. m. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
ELLIS— In Berkeley. June 1. 1896, Thomas C.
Ellis, nephew of Mrs. S. Wright, a native of
England, aged 31 years.
#B-The funeral will cake place TO-MORROW
(Wednesday). at 1:30 o'clock p.m.. from his late
residence, 1734 Delaware street.
FITZPATRICK— In this city, May 31, 1895.
Catherine Teresa Fitzpatrick, beloved mother of
Mrs. W. O. Dickson, Mrs. Otto Hessmann, Far-
rell J., Joseph A. and Laura Fitzpatrick, a na-
tive of Roscoramon, Ireland, aged 56 years 2
months and 10 days.
jay Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Tuesday), at 10 o'clock a. If., from her late resi-
dence, 'JlOrl Hyde street, thence to st. Bridget's
Church, corner Van Ness avenue and Broadway,
where a solemn requiem high mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of her sou;, commencing at
10:30 o'clock a. m. Interment Mount Calvary
: Cemetery.
FULTON— In tnls city. June 1, 1896. Florence E.
beloved daughter of Theodore and the late Agnes
E. Fulton, and sister of Theodore and Edward
Kill ton. Mrs. James Gal vln and Mrs." Charles
Martin, a native of San Francisco, aged 15 years
and 18 days.
GUMCIO— In this city, May 31. 1896, Pietro
Gumcio, a native of Italy, aged 69 years. - -
JONES-In this city, June I. 1896. G. H. J. Jones,
a native of England, aged 55 years. . .
JSSTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Wednesday), at 10 o'clock a. m.. from the par-
lors of Theodor Dlerks, 957 Mission street,
between Fifth and Sixth. Interment Laurel Hill
Cemetery. : ;./ : ;
JEWELL— In this city, June 1. 1896, Barnard,
beloved husband of Elsie Jewell, and son of God-
frey and Melanie . Jewell, and brother of Char-
lotte G. Jewell, a native of San Francisco, aged
22 years and 7 months.
IS" Notice of funeral hereafter.
LAVIN— In this city, May 30, 1896, Thomas, be-
loved brother of John Lavin, Mrs. George
O'Keefe of Chicago. Mrs. Kale McGahay and
Ellen Lavin of Blackstone. Mass., a native of
County Roscommon, Ireland, aged 55 years.
[Blackstoue (Mass. ) and Chicago papers please
copy.J
Friends and acquaint are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Tuesday), at 12:30 o'clock p. m.. from the resi-
dence of his nephew, James Lavin, 637% Sec-
ond street, thence to St. Brendan's Church for
services at 1 o'clock p. m. Interment Holy Cross
• Cemetery. ■ • ■
LOFTUS— In the City and County Hospital, June
1, 1896, John Loftus, aged 26 years. . . - .
LOHSE— In this city, May 31, 1896, Nicholaus,
beloved husband of Julia Lohse, and father of
Mrs. K. A. Wolf and Katie, Fred, Julius, Nicho-
laus, Thomas and Amy. Lohso. and brother-in-
law of •" F. W. Barkbaus, a native of Flensburg,
Holstein, Germany, aged 66 years 3 months and
17 days.
jO" Friends and acquaintances ■ are resoec*-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Tuesday), at 1 o'clock p. is., from his late resi-
dence, 111 a Franklin street, thence to Masonic
Temple, where the funeral services will be held
unler the auspices of Hermann Lodge No. 127,
F. and A. M... at 2 o'clock p. it. Interment
Masonic Cemetery. .
McCLUSKEY— In this city. May 31, 1898, James
McCluskey, a native of Ireland, aged 67 years.
PETERSON— In this city. May 29, 1898, Anders,
beloved husband of Katie Peterson, and father
of Emy, George, Oscar and Frank Peterson,
a native of Norway, aged 36 years 8 months
and 18 days.
US" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Tuesday), at 2 . o'clock p. m., from the ■ par-
lors of H. P. Petersen «fc Co., 228 McAllister
street. Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
PETEKSON— Iii this city, June 1, 1896. Mathilda
Peterson, beloved sister of Mrs. Elsie Jacobson,
Mrs. Elle Ahlgren, Mrs. Beiißta Mattson. Mrs.
Nellie l.undberg and Mrs. Hannah Winkel, a na-
. tive of Hosoieg.Blekinge, Sweden, aged 26 years.
REARDON— A requiem high mas? will be cele-
brated at St. Ignatius Church THIS DAY
■ (Tuesday), at 8 ! o'clock p. m.. for the repose ■ of
the soul of Edward D. Reardon, who was lost on
the steamer Colima.*,;
SCHNEIDER— In this city. May 30, 1896, Fred-
erick William ■ Schneider, a native of Germany,
ag-d 24 years and 'i months. ' • -
j_3T Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Tuesday), at 2:30 o'clocK p. m.. from the par-
lors of Charles J. B. Metzler, 636 Washington
street. ' Interment 1. O. O. K. Cemetery. ■■'■
SHEA— In this city, June 1, 1896, Patrick, beloved
husbitnd of Bridget Shea, and father of Chris-
topher C. Shea, a native of Ireland, ; aged 49 '
years. " I
US- Friends and acquaintances' are rp^nect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Wednesday), at 8:30 o'clock a. it., from his late
residence. 1446 Folsom street, thence to St.
- Joseph's Church, where a solemn requiem mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his souL com-
mencing at 9 o'clock a. it: Interment Holy
Cross cemetery. > , . - ' .?. .-■
SIMSON— this city. May 31. 1895, Colin Sim-
son, a native of Nova Sco in, aged 72 years.
KF Friends. ana acquaintances are r-^neo*-
fnlly Invited to attend thft funeral TO-MORROW
(Wednesday), at 11 o'clock a. m.. from 'the resi-
dence of hi ■> sister of, Mrs. Sarah Callaghan, 305
San Jose ' avenue. '■■■ Interment :, Cypres s.' Lawn
Cemetery by 11:37 o'clock a.m. train from
Twenty-fifth and Valencia streets. :
SWARTLEY— In this city, May 31. 1896, Kate
M.. beloved wife of William Swartley. :-■-■-•
£_"Friends are respectfully Invite I to attenl
the funeral services THIS DAY (Tuesday), at
2 o'clock p. m., at her late residence. 2308 Bu-
. chanan street. Interment private, Laurel Hill
Cemetery.
WHITE— In Astoria, Or., June 1, 18t)6, ChHrlPs,
beloved husband of Anne White, and father of
Catherine. Joseph, (Jus, George and Anne Peter-
sun, nged H6 yenrs B months and 8 days.
aifNot'.ce Of funeral hereafter.
MCAVOY A GALLAGHER, "~
FDNKRAL DIEF.CTORS & EMBALMKRS, -
•0 Fifth St., Opp. Lincoln Scho»l.
■ Telephone 8080. .
JU^ScSJiSiojilbTT"™" 1 """^'!^*. mcMcnokiit.
JAMES McMMOMKV * SOX,
UKDBBTAKERB AND EMBALMEItS,
105T Mission Street, Near Seventh.
Tafphon* N*. 8364.
_______________________________________________
JAS. ENGLISH. T. R. CAREW
CAREW & ENGLISH,
UNDERTAKERS AND EMBALMER4
- FUNERAL .DIRECTORS,
19 van Ness aye., near Market at., Baa Francises
Telephone So. 156,
1516
GENERAL INTEREST IN EISEN'S DISCOVERY,
Men of Science Giving the
Subject Much Deep
Thought.
DR. LE CONTE'S VIEW.
Other Authorities Give Their
Opinions on the Absorb
ing Topic.
WHAT HARKNESS HAS TO SAY.
Dr. Winslow Anderson Considers It
One of the Triumphs of
the Century.
Dr. Gustav Eisen's wonderful biological
discovery, announced in last Sunday's
edition of The Call, continues to be the
reigning: topic of remark in scientific cir
cles. The centrosome, his ways and
idiosyncrasies, are being discussed by
novice and past master. The subject being
su enveloped in obscurity many of the
men best qualified to give an opinion were
loth to speak for publication. Several of
the most distinguished members of the
San Francisco Microscopical Society have
adopted this non-committal attitude for
the present.
It is an open secret, however, that the
closest-mouthed among the savants are
the very ones who are pursuinr with most
ardor the clew indicated by Dr. Eisen, and
the outcome of their researches is looked
for with much interest.
LE CONTE HOPEFUL.
The Veteran Scientist, While Not
Arrogating: Speclallstlc Author
ity, Bows to the Discovery.
Dr. Joseph Le Conte, the veteran geolo
gist and zo-ologist at the State University,
was interviewed to-day with reference to the
Eisen discovery and its importance in the
world of scientific research. He expressed
himself as being only too hopeful that the
reports published would be substantiated
by scientists who stood equal in rank with
Dr. Ei.«en in his particular line of work.
"But as for nry expressing any opinion
as to the merits of the reported discov
ery," said Dr. Le Conte, "I cannot say
that I can go so far as that.
"1 am not an expert at all in minute cellu
lar microscopic work, as in my zoology
studies I have been more closely confined
to general investigation than to the min
ute and purely technical. The study of
cytology has become almost a separate
and complete department within itseif.
It has been generally considered among
scientists recently that cytoplasm has
taken a place of primary importance in
the study of ceils, but up to the present,
. so far as I know, no one has been able to
take the stand assumed by Dr. Eisen. He
must now publish his results in the scien
tific journals, so that they may be brought
ctearly before those who have made a
study of the subject and wait for their
verification by his peers.
"I should be only too glad if Cali
fornia could claim such a very important
discovery as the one of Dr. Eisen seems to
be. It will be of world-wide importance
and a broad step along the road of scien
tific advancement. There is plenty of
talent and inventive genius in California
if it can only be brought out.
"I consider the statement of Dr. Ritter,
witn reference to the importance of the
discovery, as published in this mornings
Call, to be a careful and just one, and I
can indorse what he has to say. But, as
for my expressing an individual opinion
on the merits of the discovery, I cannot do
it because the wort is outside the limits of
my field of activity."
DR. WINSLOW ANDERSON.
He Considers the Discovery One of
the Most Important of the
Nineteenth Century.
Dr. Winslow Anderson, who carefully
read the report in Sunday's issue of The
Call, said: "I consider this discovery by
: Dr. Eisen as the most important of the
nineteenth century, if it can be proven
that this micro-organic centrosome exists
in the blood of other animals and in the
blood of man. Heretofore we have always
looked upon the nucleus or the nucleolus
as the vital principle of oell life.
Now, if it can be proven that the photo
plasmic substance of a cell surrounding
the nucleoius does in itself contain vital
. organism sufficient to insure the life of the
: cell to influence this metamorphis, and es
pecially if it can be proven that other mi
■. croscopic particies can reproduce a sister
cell, then the theory of cell birth, growth
and death will be revolutionized.
"From a medical standpoint I believe
the discovery of great benefit to mankind,
as many of the diseases are caused by mi
cro-organism in the blood and in the blood
corpuscles. Take, for instance, the plas
moidium oi malarial fever. If the active
principle of n cell be resident in its cellu
lar structure rather than in tbe nucleus
then a knowledge of the fact would assist
the physician in administering the
proper remedy, which could act more
quickly on the circumference of a
cell than on the neucieusor nucleolus, ana
to administer such anti-toxines as would
destroy the micro-organism of a disease,
because the future treatment of disease
seems to point toward the administration of
such anti-toxine remedies as shall destroy
the germs of trie diseases.
.' "And I sincerely hope that this dis
.covery made by one or the most pains
NEW TO-PAY. _
 .  rwrpv DOT
• ■ BECOMES W^^^^^^^^
• Inflammation YMHt^^-tyA-: '^ "
and Irritation \|K^P^S^^a^i>^
PIMPLES ™*N
II m i LLo
;' Blotches, blackheads, baby blemishes, and
• falling hair. Tho only preventive is
CUTICURA SOAP
• because the only preventive of inflamma-
tion and clogging of the Porks.
Sale greater than the combined «alt« of all other r Vin
and complexion soap*. - Sold throughout tho world.
Pottxr I)r.i:n Ann Chem. Corp., Sole Prop*., liooton.
Mr Bend for " How to ftertnt Facial BJemiibef ," frea.
taking biological investigators we have
will prove all that Dr. Eisen claims for it."
••-
MARKS A NEW DEPARTURE
Dr. H. W. Harkness, Ex-President
of the Academy of Sciences on
the Discovery of Dr. Eisen.
"I've been out of town lately," said Dr.
H. W. Harknessof the California Academy
of Sciences, "and since my return Have not
had time for a due consideration of the
biological investigations of Dr. Eisen,
whose name is now in everybody's mouth.
I am sure though that his inquiries and
experiments concerning the blood cor
puscle have been conducted with the
utmost pains and honesty. His idea of
the centrosome, a part of a living, inde
pendent organism, is a reasonable suppo
sition. The actions of colorless corpus
cles, those scavengers of the blood, seem
to indicate a similar condition of life.
"The action of the centrosome wi.en di
vested of its surroundings seems to ex
hibit conditions similar to thai of the col
orless corpuscles. Dr. Eisen's discovery
marks a new departure in the study of the
blood and is of the highest importance in
the iuture study of the science of biology.
"A* I've already said, the work of Dr.
Eisen is entirely honest. In its essential
points it will undoubtedly withstand the
criticism of his felloe - biologists and
eventually be accepted by them practi
cally as it has been stated by him."
EISEN IN ADVANCE.
Dr. John C. Spencer Says the
Scientist Has Thrown Open a
Vast Field of Mystery.
"The subject is altogether beyond the
grasp of the average mind," commented
Dr. John C. Spencer, president of the San
Francisco Microscopical Society, when
asked for his views regarding Professor
Eisen's discovery. The doctor was at first
somewhat reluctant to express an opinion,
but little by little warmed to the subject,
which is one in which he has long taken
an interest and upon which he is well
qualified to speak.
"In my opinion," he continued, "Pro
fessor Eisen is far in advance of the times.
The fifld which he has thrown open to
scientific exploration is a vast and mys
terious one. The positive knowledge of
it which the world of science has thus far
gained is meager in comparison with the
array of facts yet awaiting verification and
elucidation. Using as premises the un
doubted facts which he has discovered,
Professor Eisen has deduced from them
certain conclusions with which other
scientists may not altogether agree.
"The truth'or falsity of these deductions
will be made apparent by subsequent in
vestigations. At pressnt the entire sub
ject is so recondite and its intelligent com
prehension and treatment so beset witti
difficulties that for a while it would seem
most advisable to await the developments
which in due course of time are sure to
ensue.
"In the meantime microscopists will do
well to press their researches along the
lines indicated by Professor Eisen. In the
animate and inanimate universe are many
hidden facts which hitherto have baffled
all attempts to search them out. Perhaps
many of these facts of nature are destined
never to be revealed to the human intelli
gence, but others are beyond a doubt on
the verge of discovery. 'Live and learn'
was written for scientists as well as for the
world at large."
OF INTEREST TO ALL.
Dr. F. F. Lord Acknowledges The
Importance of the Discovery
to General Knowledge.
Dr. Franklin F. Lord expressed no small
degree of interest in the subject.
"I have often wondered," he remarked,
"what hidden truths of nature would be
brought to light by recent developments
in the making of microscopes. Tne in
strument has in these days reached a de
gree of perfection which a few years ago
wouid have been thought incredible. In
corresponding ratio science has advanced,
until now we regard with amusement and
contempt ideas which a short time since
were thought to be axiomatic scientific
truths.
"To be sure, I have no right to pose as a
master microscopist. My "dealings with
that instrument might even be considered
amateurish by one who had devoted a life
time to researches in the realms which it
lays bare. But I have often wished to
know more of thos° minute organisms
which make up the fluid which is called
the life of man. Have these tiny organ
isms a life of their own? Are they distin
guishable in point of sex? How do they
reproduce their kind, and what are the
laws governing their generation, existence
and extinction? The^e are questions
which I have often put to myself, with
out arriving at an answer which I could
consider satisfactory. Perhaps Professor
Eisen may be able in future to cast some
further light upon the great discovery
which he has made."
COLORLESS CORPUSCLES.
Dr. Elsen's Discovery Welcomed
by Medical Men as of Signal
Import.
"The importance of any new discovery
pertaining to the blood," said Dr. Marc
Levingston, who, with Dr. William G.
Mizner, has devoted considerable time
and study to this line of biological science,
"can hardly be clearly understood by non
professional people.
"When we realize that we can
positively foretell the approach of
serious complications, by the examination
of the blood, particularly with regard to
that part known as the corpuscles, it can
readily be understood with what eagerness
the physicians grasp at any new discovery.
"The blood is that medium through
which nearly all the nutrition is brought
to the various parts of the body and at the
same time it is the medium by which all
the destructive matter produced in the
body is brought to the proper channels of
elimination. It is therefore evident why
Dr. riisen's discovery is hailed with the
greatest delight.
"It is the white corpuscle of the blood
that devours and annihilates the poison
ous germs which enter the body. Pro
fessor Metschnikoff was the first to state
thia power of destruction and called it
phagocytosis. He .inoculated under the
skin of a green frog small pieces of spleen
infected with anthrax-bacilli, but* ttie
frog did not show any symptoms of
anthrax poisoning. He could not find
even a trace of anthrax-bacilli after
a time, at the inoculated place. He
wanted to know why the germs could not
thrive in sucl; a suitable medium. For
thit« reason he made a hollow globule of
reed-pipe marrow, inserted some anthrax
spores into the excavation and placed the
whole in the same way as before under
the skin of the green frog". In a short while
the spores had grown out into long,
thread-liKe germs, vegetating and thriving!
Why? Because the white corpuscle could
not penetrate the hollow little reeti globule.
"Again, the number of corpuscles in a
given quantity of blood is of great import
ance in determining the future of certain
diseases. In croupous pneumonia we are
able to predict a fatal termination days in
advance. Furthermore, microscopical in
vestigation of the blood will lead to a posi
tive diagnosis in differentiating between
.such diseases as typhus and miliar tuber
culosis.
"From these facts it can be seen how
important is any discovery regarding the
blood corpuscles, and therefore great
honor is due Dr. Eisen for his researches
in this matter. I've not yet had time
personally to review his xperiments, but
shall take great pleasure a verifying them
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JUNE 2, 1896.
at my leisure and in further pursuing the
study of the science of bicolo^y under the
new light thus shed upon it."
Dr. Mizner concurs in these views and
says that Dr. Eisen's discovery will open a
new vista in the investigation of cell life.
Dr. Eisen Deserves Credit.
Dr. J. O. Hirshfelder said: "Dr. Eisen
deserves great credit for the painstaking
and skillful investigation that he has so
recently presented. Not having seen the
preparations I am not able to give any in
dependent judgment of his results, but
from his report there is no doubt that his
observations will be confirmed by other
microscopists. To what extent the inves
tigation will be confirmed cannot be stated,
but tbe investigations are of the highest
scientific order."
Honored by Sweden.
"The Swedish Government," said Secre
tary G. P. Rix of the California Academy
of Sciences, "honored Dr. Eisen by seud
ing to him the worms collected during the
Nordenskjold expedition to the Arctic a
year or two ago."
A WAR OF WORDS.
Superintendent of Schools Babcock and
School Director Barrett Exchange
Personalities.
The Board of Education, sitting as a
committee of the whole to try the charges
of insubordination preferred by Miss Jen
nie Smith, principal of the Longfellow
Primary School, against Miss L. Gilmore,
a teacher in the institution, witnessed a
warm passage of words between Director
Barrett and Superintendent Babcock.
Mr. Barrett stated his belief that Mr.
Babcock should conduct the case and act
as prosecutor. For some reason Mr. Bab
cock took serious umbrage at this, and ac
cused the director of a deliberate attempt
James j. corbett, champion of the world.
[Drawn from a photograph.]
to make his position uncomfortable and
with personal animus.
The matter was ruled out of order by Dr.
Clinton, who held the chair, and the
charges were taken up.
Miss Gilmore appeared and admitted the
acts stated by Miss Smith, but denied de
liberate insubordination.
Miss Smith stated that she believed that
Mis* G:lmor« had acted on the impulse of
Lhe moment, and that as the teacher had
apologized she was willing to lee the mat
ter drop.
The board decided to reinstate the
teacher and drop the charges.
DURRANT'S EXCEPTIONS.
The Bill Has Been Finished, but
Is Not Yet Quite
Settled.
In Abont Two Weeks the Printers
Will Start In on the Ample
Document.
The bill of exceptions in the Durrant
case has been submitted, but it will take
two weeks, anyway, before it is ready for
the printer.
It will be a bulky document when the
printer gets it. It was 2500 pages long
when the simple exceptions were handed
to Mr. Barnes for his revision. He has
amended them some five or six hundred
times and has made such additions of his |
own as he thought fit and as he was
allowed.
The printing is going to cost over $600,
and it may be more before it is in proper
shape for the Supreme Court. The City
will pay this bill.
The bill consists of a mass of rulings
and orders to which the defense tooK ex
ception during the trial. In the first
hundred page s the case is briefly set forth,
and then co me the points upon which the
defense hopes to prove that Durrant was
not fairly tried.
The exceptions begin with the empanel
ing of the jury. Jurors not summoned,
jurors illegally summoned, jurors sum
moned who did not respond, all help to
swell the document and, presumably, to
help Durrant's chances. Then come the
trial exceptions to testimony, and to
questions, motions to strike out, to
amend, to continue, exceptions to rulings,
to orders, to exhibits, to everything which
bore directly or indirectly on the case
are all included in the voluminous docu
ment which the City must print.
The excusing of Juror Brown is accorded
ample space, and the acceptance of Juror
Nathan, who said he bad an opinion, is
given another page. Mr. McCoy's remark
about Durrant's hanging is a strong card,
and the attitude of the newspapers is made
the most of.
The case will come before the Supreme
Court in July next.
SACK OF STOLEN GOODS.
Grocery Clerk and Friend Arrested for
Petty Larceny.
Henry Behrens, cleric in Richard Myers'
grocery, Eighteenth and Mission street 3,
and Richard Ludolph, a laborer, were ar
rested early yesterday morning by Lieu
tenant Burke and Policeman Greenan on
the charge of petty larceny.
Greenan noticed Ludolph standing on
the corner of Fifteenth and Mission streets
with a sack. He asked him what he was
doing there, and finally found that Lu
dolph was waiting for Behrens. Greenan
took Ludolph back 10 the store, and the
sack was opened and found to contain
several flasks of whisky, a lot of canned
goods, plugs of tobacco and other articles
taken from the store. Behrens had ar
ranged to meet Ludolph after the proprie
tor had made his appearance and relieved
him.
WHAT CORBETT
WISHES TO DO,
His Desire Is to Make a
Match With Fitz
simmons.
ANGRY AT "LANKY BOB."
Will Devote the Next Five Months
to Gaining the End in
View.
HERE TO VISIT HIS PARENTS.
Brady Has Gone to London, and the
Champion Will Join Him There
Within a Month.
Although he will not say in so many
words that such is his purpose, James J.
Corbett is engaged in a man hunt as fierce
and unrelenting as is death itself. Robert
Fitzsimmons, the lank Australian pugilist,
is his quarry, and in order more readily to
capture him Corbett is denying himself
the pleasuie of talking for publication.
"I have nothing to say," is the stereo
typed answer the conqueror of John L.
Sullivan returns to all questions concern
ing his plans for the future. "I am here
for a couple of weeks' 'visit with my rela
tives, and incidentally to renew old ac
quaintances. That is all.
"From here I go to New York and from
there to Europe. I have not been in San
Francisco before for three years, and, of
course, notice a number of changes and
improvements in the old town. My com
ing is purely in a social way, and so far as
my professional plans for the future are
concerned I have none that I care to dis
cuss."
There are some near friends of the
champion, however, who are not so close
of mouth as he has suddenly become.
They do not hesitate to say that Corbett
will put in the next five months in an
endeavor to force Fitzsimmons to entei the
ring with him. When the "Naval Cadet"
company closed its season at Kansas City
a month ago Brady, Corbett's manager, at
once departed for England, where Fitz
simmons is shortly expected. The cham
pion himself will be in London within a
month aad, so say his friends, a forfeit of
$1000 will be immediately posted for a
match with Fitzsimmons. The idea is
that if the Australian does not accept the
challenge he will not be able to do any
business on the other side of the Atlantic.
"Jim is dead set on getting a go at Fitz
simmons," said one of the champion's
friends, "and he will do anything in reason
to gain that point. The 'Naval Cadet' does
not open again until November, and in the
meanwhile Corbett will devote his whole
time to gaining his heart's desire."
The champion looks well, and says he
could not feel better. He weighs just 195
pounds, and is apparently as quick and
wiry as when he gained his title. He is
stopping at the St. Nicholas Hotel, but
spends most of his time with his brother
Harry on Ellis street.
THE ROVER TRIED OUT,
Captain Bruce Met King Boreas
on a Trip to Santa
Cruz.
Rough Experience of Three Corin
thians While Sailing Down
the Coast.
"Did we have a jolly, good time? Well,
I should estimate!" remarked Archie Mc-
Donald when asKea about his voyage on
the good ship Rover to Santa Cruz on Fri
day last.
Charley Bruce— "Our Charley," as he is
familiarly known to all Corinthians-
Archie McDonald and Barry Killilea de
parted from this City on Friday evening,
the 20th inst., with a cargo of good (hu
man) spirits and jolly anticipations for
that pretty little summer resort down the
coast— Santa Cruz— on the yacht Rover.
Of course everything necessary, to the
wants of the inner man was provided ad
libitum for the sea voyage. Charles Bruce,
the prince of the Corinthian fleet, took
charge of the wheel, and the crew, com
posed of Kilhlea and McDonald, kept the
deck.
Everything went along swimmingly, so
to speak, until the trim liille yacht got on
the south side of the Faraliones, when
Captain Bruce "smelt" a breeze of unex
pected mapnitude in the west.
Sails were trimmed and everything |
made snug for the bie blowout that the
captain momentarily expected.
Gradually the wind increased and one
hour after the little craft had passed the
island in question the Rover ran her nose
into a miniature hurricane.
The captain and his crew of able seamen
had seen many years of hard service on
the seas and thoroughly understood their
little boat. They had taken the necessary
precautions for a storm, but never ex
pected such a rough reception from old
Boreas as they encountered on this occa
sion.
When the storm was at its height the
trim little yacht received a fearful drench
ing. Again and again the seas broke over
her and the water was rapidly filling the
cabin.
The crew, realizing that hard worfc was
necessary to keep the vessel afloat, buckled
down to bailing her out.
The sails were almost torn into shreds
and, indeed, the outlook for a safe port
was anythins but promising while the
storm was raging.
Captain Bruce by good management ran
vhe Kover under the lee of some point on
the coast, where the little yacht hove to
for thirteen hours, until the storm sub
sided.
In the meantime McDonald and Kilh
lea kept on bailing, and on Saturday after
noon the Rover headed for Santa Cruz
with dilapidated sails and a crew that was
thoroughly exhausted and anxious to
reach the place of destination.
The Rover returned to this City on
Sunday night, and Captain Bruce says
that he hopes this will be the last time
he will have the "honor" of encounter
ing King Boreas on the hieh eeas.
TIRED OF LIFE.
Henry McCoy, an Old Man, Cnti Hig
Throat With a Razor.
Henry McCoy, an old man 66 years of
age, attempted to commit suicide last night
by cutting his throat with a razor. He lived
with his daughter and son-in-law at 17
Morris avenue.
He was taken to the Receiving Hospital,
where the wound, which is not dangerous,
was dressed and stitched by Drs. Thomp
son and Tice.
"I did it," said the old man, "because I
was tired of life. I have no t been able to
work at my trade of a blacksmith for two
or three years and I have been living with
my son-in-law. They were constantly
nagging at rue, and to-night he ordered
me out of the house. 1 went outside, sat
down on the steps and after finishing my
pipe I thought as I had nowhere to go the
best thing I cou'd do was to end it all. So
I pulled my razor out of my pocket and
cut my throat. He came out and took the
razor from me, otherwise I would have
finished it."
Sylvester Gets Ten Tears.
James Sylvester of Siskiyou County, recently
convicted in the United States District Court
of counterfeiting, was sentenced to ten years
in Folsom by Judge Morrow yesterday. Iv ad
dition to this he must pay a fine of $1000. His
only request was that he be sent to Folsom in
stead of San Quentin. Attorney Cohvell in
tends to carry his client's case to the United
States Supreme Court.
_ NEW TO-DAY.
••••••••••••••••••••••••a
Always FIRST . *. I
I Gail Borden I
: Eagle Brand 1
S CONDENSED niLK %
• For 35 years the leading brand. It is the •
• Beit and the most economical. a
O A PERFECT FOOD FOR INFANTS 2
m09999999999999999999999m
LEVIN BROS
Leading. Grocers
Special FofS wnt
PORK AND BEANS.
Van Camp's Boston Baked Beans, prepared
with Tomato Sauce, ready for the table; some-
thing delicious.
1-lb. can, sc; 2-lb. can, 'loc;* 2Mb can, 15c.
Regular price 10c, 15c and 25c.
FRUIT SYRUPS.
Raspberry Strawberry, Lemon, Vanilla. Greu-
edine, Sarsaparilla. Orange, Pineapple, etc.
Bottle 25c
Regular price 40c.
SWEET WINES.
From Pearl Vineyard, Napa County, Vintage
1890; Port, Sherry, Madeira, Angelica. Tokay,
Muscatel, Malaga, etc quarts, 3 bottles $1
Regular price 60c bottle.
CONCENTRATED TOMATOES.
Golden Pheasant Brand, one can of which goes
farther than two cans of regular Tomatoes
• 3 cans 25c
Regular price 15c can. ■
MAPLE SYRUP.
From the Pure Food Evaporating Company,
Burlington, Vt half-gallon can 40c
Regular price 65c.
HAMS.
Eastern Sugar Cured Hami ...lOViclb
COAL OIL.
W. P. Fuller's Star Coal 0i1. .........5 galls. $ 1
Pearl..... $1. Standard 80c
Telephone South 308
Send For Monthly Price List Free.
Country orders promptly attended to.
Freight paid by us when within ioo miles.
13241326 MARKET ST.
Opposite Odd Fellows' Hall
AND 134 SIXTH ST.
SAN FRANCISCO.
COS. 10th AND WASHINGTON STS. 1 OAKLAND
1731-1736 SEVENTH STBEET BRANCHES
i/intine
CURES NERVOUSNESS.
PURIFIES THE BLOOD,
RE-TORES LOST VITALITY.
NOT A PATENT MEDICINE, but the
prescription of a well-known physician,
used for many years in private practice.
MANUFACTURED BY
THE YWTWE COMPANY
Of New York, London and Melbourne.
BROOKS' PHARI.4CT, 119 Powell St.,
Pacific Coast Agents.
To be had at druggists. Price, one dollar.
!$7£ F .« 4 ROOMS
..%fr M '%Jr consisting OF
:F*XJ HNITUR.H
PARLOR.BEDROOM. DINING-ROOM, KITCHEN
EASY PAYMENTS.
Tapestry Brussels, per yard SO Cent*
Oil Cloth, per yard...... %5 Cents
Matting, per yard..... ....1O Cents
Solid Oak Bed Suit, 7 pieces ............ 825 OO
! Solid Oak Folding Bed. with Mirr0r........ 825 OO
T. BRILLIANT,
410 POST ST., above Powell
OPEN EVENINGS
Foor-Room Catalogue* Mailed Free.
07 Free Paokiof and Delivery mtoh the ttf, - ' . ; ,
NEW TO-DAT— DRY GOODS. _,^_^
SWEEPING REDUCTIONS
INAUGURATE
OUR GREAT
SACRIFICE CLEARANCE SALE!
We begin our Annual Summer Clearance Sale A MONTH EAR-
LIER THAN USUAL this year on account of the TREMENDOUS
QUANTITY OF GOODS TO BE DISPOSED OF which, owing to our
exceptionally enormous purchases and the extreme backwardness
of the season, is of such magnitude that WE ARE COMPELLED
TO SACRIFICE ALL CONSIDERATION OF VALUE to the impera-
tive necessity of forcing out this vast surplus at once.
Below are a few sample quotations from our Dress Goods and
Silk Departments which emphasize the fact that A 5 A MATTER
OF ECONOMY NO LADY CAN AFFORD TO MISS ATTENDING
THIS GREAT SALE EARLY, for the lines offered are ALL NEW,
FRESH, UP-TO-DATE STYLES, which have been marked down
for clearance to
A MERE FRACTION OF CURRENT RETAIL PRICES!
SILK DEPARTMENT!
At 25 Cents a, Yard.
FANCY STRIPED TAFFETA SILK, marked down from 65c to 25c a yard.
A.t 25 Cents a, "STr-tx-d..
24-INCH CHECKED SURAH SILK, in black and cardinal, green and cardinal and
navy and cardinal, marked down from $1 to 25c a yard.
-A.t 35 Cexxts a. TTarei.
24-INCH FANCY FIGURED AND STRIPED ENGLISH POPLIN, evening shades,
marked down from $1 to 35c a yard.
At SO Cents a. Yard.
FANCY -STRIPED AND FIGURED TAFFETA SILK, marked down from 85c to 500
a yard.
At OO Cexxts a. Yard.
FIGURED DUCHESSE SATIN, in black and cardinal and navy and gold, marked
down from $1 to 60c a yard. > . •
A-t 75 Cexxts a, Yard.
FANCY CHECKED TAFFETA SILK marked down from $1 25 to 75c a yard.
.At 85 Cents a Yard.
BROCADED. FIGURED AND STRIPED SATIN, PEAU DE SO IE AND BENGA-
LINES, marked down from $1 50, $2 and $2 50 to Boc a yard.
gm- DRESS LENGTHS AND REMNANTS will be closed out at greatly reduced
prices.
COLORED DRESS GOODS!
/ j At 25 Cents.
3 cases 36 and 38 INCH ALL-WOOL FANCY MIXED DRESS GOODS, in plaids
checks, mixed and figured effects, reduced from 50c to 25c a yard.
-A.t 25 Cents.
2 cases 45-INCH ALL-WOOL BICYCLING SUITING, mixed effects, reduced from 50c
to 25c a yard.
-A.t 35 Cents.
1 case 38-INCH FINE ALL-WOOL NOVELTY SUITING, new designs, reduced from
50c to 35c a yard.
j&.t 35 Cents.
2 cases 38-INCH HEAVY ALL-WOOL PINHEAD CHECKS, medium colorings re-
duced from 50c to 35c a yard.
At 35 Conts.
3 cases 38-INCH ENGLISH FIGURED MOHAIR SUITING, full line of colorineg,
reduced from 60c to 35c a yard. '
-'•'-% * ; ."-;*.v *-".
j£\.t 5O , Cents.
1 case 42-INCH ALL-WOOL SCOTCH HEATHERS, in navy, brown, green and wine
mixtures, reduced from 75c to 50c a yard.
-A.t SO Cexxts.
1 case 48-INCH FINE ALL-WOOL. FANCY CASHMERE CHECKS, reduced from $1
to 50c a yard.
_Z!^,t 5O Cexxts.
2 cases 48-INCH ALL-WOOL NOVELTY FIGURED SUITING, reduced from $1 to
50c a yard.
'[ -A-t SO Cents.
lease 45-INCH ALL-WOOL FRENCH BOMBAZINE SUITING, in Dresden effects
. reduced from $1 to 50c a yard.
-A.t 75 Cexxts.
lease 50-INCH GOOD ALL-WOOL SCOTCH CHEVIOT SUITING, in striped mot-
tied and clouded effects, reduced from $1 25 to 75c a yard.
-A.t SO Cents.
3 cases 42-INCH HEAVY ALL-WOOL ENGLISH NAVAL SERGE, reduced from 85a
to 50c a yard. ,
At 88.50.
27 NOVELTY MOHAIR SUITS, elegant designs, reduced from $15 50 to $8 50 each.
BLACK DRESS GOODS!
> . . ■:■"•>:
.Ajt 25 Cents.
37 pieces 39-INCH ALL-WOOL CAMEL'S HAIR, former price 50c, will be closed out
■ at 25c a yard.
y±.t 33 Cents.
53 pieces 46-INCH ALL WOOL STORM SERGE, former price 65c, will be
closed out at ooc a yard. • •■.*■■
-A-t 4O Cents.
57 pieces 38-INCH^FIGURED ENGLISH ALPACA, in a variety of designs, former
price 65c, will be closed out at 40c a yard.
-A.-fc 45 Cents.
27 pieces 40-INCH ALL PURE WOOL FANCY WEAVES, former price 75c, will be
closed out at 4jc a yard.
-A.t SO Cents.
P cl"ed 4 tufat^ofayid Sß[ N ° VELTIES> Mohair effects, former price 85c, will be
63 P S0c N a C^rd IGURED KNGLIBH i^SJs'former price 75c, will be closed
25 Pl eces 50-INCH ALL PURE WOOL BAPkIsIMVEAVE SCOTCH CHEVIOT for-
mer price $1, will be closed out at 55c a yard.
LADIES'. WAISTS; Our recent GIGANTIC PURCHASE OF LADIES'
■ ki I • J,,,. lO# BUMMER WAIBTB. comprising all the latest fash-
«"at S B D "K?, ln SILK and WASHABLE FABRICS, will be cleared out AT ABOUT
/ff/ff^^ MURPHY BUTLDINQ., /
(/(/ Mb! Street, comer of Joae^ /
itA T^B* Ji'HAJff Olfl OCX