VOLUME LXXIX.-NO. 84.
FITZSIMMONS CHAMPION OF THE WORLD
In Ninety Seconds Peter
Maher Was Sent to
Sleep.
PUT OUT IN THE FIRST.
The Irish Fighter Received One
of Those Famous Upper
Hooks.
DECIDED ON MEXICAN SOIL.
Sports Dragged a Long Distance to
Witness a Contest That Was
Truly Disappointing.
LANG TRY, Tex., Feb. 21.— 1t took Rob
ert Fitzsimmons just ninety seconds this
afternoon to defeat Peter Maher and be
come the |heavy-weight champion of the
world. The fight took place in the bot
toms of the Rio Grande River on the Mex
ican side, one and a half miles distant
from the Langtry depot.
Even to his friends it was evident that
the Irish lad was not in it from the start. '
Before the round had progressed thirty j
seconds Maher attempted a foul and was
heatedly warned by the referee. Fitz
simmons' coup was in the form of one of
iiis famous upper hooks, with which he
knocked out Hall and broke the nose of
Jack Stelzner, his trainer.
>.:iher made a gallant effort to get upon
his feet when time was called, but after
getting half way, to a recumbent position,
be fell back, and still had his head on the
floor when time was called, and the de
cision was awarded to the Cornishman.
When the train of sports arrived from
El Pasoat2:oO o'clock there was no evi- ;
dence that anything: unusual was about to
occur. The en irsionists from Eagle Pass
and otber poin^ had been belated and
only me fifty residents of the country
aboul nail gathered at the depot. One :
company of the Texas Rangers guarded the \
depot while the remainder went down to
the bottoms on the Texas side, but not the !
slightest effort was made to interfere with
the sports in any of their movements.
Wnen the word to move had been given, '
the visitors speedily found that althouch
they had been on the road for over sixteen
hours and journeyed four hundred miles
the hardest part of the entertainment was
yet to come. Following guides in strag
gling procession they went across the 1
prairie for a distance of live hundred yards !
and then commencecTa precipitous descent ■
of a seldom-used wagon road that went •
in a circuitous way down to the Rio Grande !
over rocks and bowlders, now slipping
en their backs, now clutching at a bramble
to save themselves from a fall and a broken
ankle, and now stubbing their toes
against huge cobblestones or in cavities of
the rocks, the sports toiled in double and j
single file until the bank of the river was
reached. Then there was a tramp of 500
yards more through sand and mud full j
ankle deep to the Doint where the 75-foot
pontoon bridge had been stretched across
the Rio Grande River, which, swollen by
recent rains, had been changed from a
sluggish stream to a roaring torrent. Once
across the sports were on the bottoms of
the Mexican side, and the canvas inclosure
that contained the ring was to be seen in
the distance. Five minutes more brought
the perspiring and sore-footed pedestrians
to the entrance stiles, where Bat Masterson j
and Joe Vendig examined the pasteboard
tickets and passed the holders within.
A more ideal spot for such an event
could have hardly been selected. To the ,
west, sloping down to the very foot of the
inclosure, was a mountain 500 feet in
height, rugged and almost perpendicular.
Across the river on the Texas side was its I
counterpart and fringed along its stern ]
summit, commanding a full view of the j
rins;, were some 300 men and women, who
looked like pigeons to those below. i
Between the two mountains and within a j
stone's throw of the ring upon the bottoms
the river rushed with a dull roar. Heavy i
leaden clouds overhead and occasional ■
drops of rain completed the picture.
The circus canvas with which the battle- ]
ground was inclosed was2oofeet in circum
ference and sixteen feet in height. The '
ring was composed of white pine covered
with white duck and had an elevation of !
four feet. Over in the corner to the west I
were two diminutive tents for the con- j
venience of the principals in making their i
final preparations. Fitzsimmons and Maher ;
with their attendants in the front rank of '
the procession walked down but a few j
yards apart, both reaching the inclosure in j
a profuse state of perspiration. They were
taken to their tents and rubbed down.
At 3 o'clock when Referee Siler an- |
nounced that all was ready, 102 people j
were at the ringside, the remainder of the
visiting party with the local contingent j
having decided that a view from the Texas
hills was preferable to the expenditure of j
?20 for a ticket. In response to Siler'3 call, }
Julian asked for ten minutes' delay, j
• ■ linn consented and it was readily |
granted.
At 3:13, Fitzsinimons, enveloped in aj
tlannel bathrobr, emerged from his quar- !
ters and bounded up to the step3 of the |
ring, and selected as his corner the point i
to the west with his back to the Mexican
mountain. Maher appeared a minute
later and took his chair in the opposite
corner facing the Mexican side, and his |
back to the spectators on the Texas hill.
Maher had in his corner Jim Hall, Buck
Connelly; I'eto Lowrey, Jack 1 Quinn and
I'tter Byrnes, while Parson Bavies acted j
a<i his timekeeper. Fitzsimmons had be- •
bind him Martin Julian, Everhart, Jack-; j
son l*ner and Jack McCoy, while Burt .
Sneed of New Orleans acted as timekeeper."
The live-ounce gloves were produced
from the boxes and fitted on. *
The men were about to strip their over- j
coats when Juii aM called George Siier to
the center of the ring and the two con
versed quietly for a couple of minutes.
At its conclusion Slier demanded in stren- j
noui tones, -Is Mr. o'Ronrke here?"
"I am, " responded the Bostonian, whose
head barely came up to the level of the
ringflocr.
The San Francisco Call.
| "Have you the purse money?" Siler
I asked.
"It is here," said O'RourKe, as he pro
i duced his wallet and waved two checks in
the air.
Fitzsinimons was watching the proceed-
I ings with keen interest.
As the papers were produced his lips
! curled and he yelled: "That stuff don't
I go. Julian. I want cash. How do we
know what those things are worth?"
"Did you cash these checks last night?"
asked Siler of O'Rourke while the crowd
pressed in the neighborhood of the two
men.
"Yes, I did," shouted the Boston man.
"I'.ut do you think I was fool enough to
bring $20,000 with me into sucli diggings
as these? It's the lirst time that my hon
i esty has been questioned. 1 tell you that
i the money in the bank."
Matters looked squally for a time. Julian
: looked O'Rourke squarely in the face, defi
antly, and said : "Nobody ever questioned
> your honesty, but we want the money.
We will take no checks.''
Then, addressing the crowd, he con
tinued: "If there is any dissatisfaction it
.is not our fault. We notihed the respon
sible people several days ago that Fitzsim
; mons would not fi^ht unless the money
was in the ring."
•Yes," chirruped Fitzsimmons from his
corner, "and they said it would be here."
Parson Davies made a remark at this
juncture to the effect that Julian was
wasting time on boys' nonsense, and sev
eral of the spectators yelled, "Go on with
tue tight."
Julian retorted that the crowd had bet
ter keep their mouths shut, as he didn't
intend to stand any dictation from outsid
er?, and serious trouble seemed imminent,
when, like a tiger, the Cornishnian leaped
to his feet and made a bound to the center
of the ring, and, his face inflamed with
passion, fairly shrieked:
•We'll take the checks. I give in to
every bloody thing they want. Do you
understand? We give in to this even if we
don't get it."
The crowd breathed more freelv, and a
rousing cheer was given for Fitzsimmons.
Then the men stripped. Fitzsimmons
had chosen for his ring costume a navy
blue breechclout, with a belt of the stars
and stripes. His legs were Dare and his
shoes of thestandard running shape.
Maher wore short-legged black righting
pants, with a green beit.
From the moment that the men had en
; tered the ropes it was patent to everybody
i that while the Cornishman was togged for
the fray and full of confidence his oppo
j nent was nervous and ill at ease. His
mouth moved incessantly as though he
was chewing gum. His eyebrows twitched
and he kept his thumbs revolving one
after the other. Fitzsimmons eyed him
; with a sarcastic smile, and his breast
heaved like that of an animal ready to
j bound for its prey.
At 4:25, when Referee Siler called both I
men to the center of the ring to give them j
their instructions and warn them against
fouling or other infractions of the cede,
| the spectators enjoyed the first opportunity
lof seeing them face to face. Fitzsimmons
i presented a better appearance than at any
lof his previous encounters. His ties U was
hard and pink and the veins stood out like
j whip cords. Maher, on the contrary, ap
peared somewhat flabby, while his move
ments on his feet Jacked the agility that
i characterized those of Fitzsimmons. Man
! ager Qainn had evidently been honest in
j the opinion that he gave The United Press
a couple of days ago: "Peter is not in tne
; condition that I would like him to be in."
Time was called at 4 : 25 o'clock, and the
spectators pressed to the ropes.
Fitzsimmons led with his left. Maher
! backed toward his corner. Fitzsimmons
I landed with his right and a clinch fol
! lowed. Maher struck Fitzsimmons with
h\6 richt hand while they were clinched
; and Referee Siler reminded him that if he
j did so again he would give the fight to
'Fitzsimmons. After a breakaway Maher
■ landed his left on Fitzsimmons' neck.
: Close in-fighting followed and Maher suc
ceeded in landing his left on Fitzsimmons'
j upper lip, drawing blood. Fitzsimmons
landed with left and right. A clinch fol
lowed. Maher feinted and Fitzsimmons
led with his right, but fell short. A mix
up followed in which Maher landed both
I right and left on either side of Fitzsim
mons' head. Mah*»r led with his left and
i another clinch followed. Fitzsimmons
i seemed a bit bothered and broke ground j
on Maher's leads. Maher followed him up j
i and led with his left, when Fitzsimmons
! side-stepped, and swinging his right,
1 landed full on the point of Maher's left
, chin. Maher measured his length on the
i floor, his head striking the canvas with
| great force. He vainly attempted to rise,
i but could not more than raise his head.
j His seconds called on him to get up, but
; he failed to respond and sank back to the
| canvas.
The fatal tenth second was counted,
Maher was declared out, and Fitzsimmons
; announced the victor, after one minute
| and thirty-five seconds' rather lively fight
! Ing.
Fitzsimmons' seconds cheered him to
the echo and Maher's seconds carried the
defeated Irishman to his corner. It was
: several minutes before he realized what
! had happened to him, and Fitzsimmons
[ walked over to his corner and shook him
I by the hand.
FitEsimmons also shook hands with
: Quinn and the seconds in Peter's corner.
Barring the slight bleeding at the nos
, trils, occasioned by the left-hand jab of
Maher, the Cornishman showed no signs
of injury and appeared as fresh as at the
opening of hostilities.
Maher shoved no sign of punishment
except a slierht break in the skin just
above the point of the chin, where Filzsiru
simmons' master-stroke had landed.
When the cheering of the people around
the ropes and the waving of handker-.
chiefs by those upon the mountain sum
mit had in a measure subsided and Fitz
simmons had tired of bowing his apprecia
tion, Julian took the center of the ring
and, clearing his throat, made the follow
ing announcement with theatrical effect:
"Gentlemen, Mr. Fitzsimmons has
worked himself up from the bottom of the
ladder and by the decision of the referee
is now the champion. He is ready to de
fend the title against all comers at any
time and place. No man is barred and
all coiners wiil receive recognition."
There were shouts of warning at this
juncture that the pontoon bridge was in
danger of being washed away by the
strong current. The lighters and assist
SAN FRANCISCO, SATURDAY MORNING, FEBRUARY 22, 1896.
Morgan — Collis, who cut down that tree ?
Little Collis— I did— that is— er— well, I can't remember.
ants hastily gathered their traps together 1
and the crowd made a breaK for the Texas |
side. All got over safely.
Peter Maher and his crowd were a disap- i
pointed-looking lot of individuals as they
tramped their way back across the rocks
and sand to the train. Peter was unusu
ally communicative.
"Well," he said, "it was a chance blow
that did the work. I did the best I could
under the circumstances. My condition
was not of the best, but as a further post- j
ponement was not to be considered by the j
Fitzsimmons crowd, I was obliged to get I
into the ring. My eyes were in a worse
condition than I believed them to be, and
I found my gauge of distance at fault.
However, I still believe that I am able to
whip Fitzsimraons or any other man in j
the world. If Fitzsimmons proves him- j
| self champion, I will challenge him again
j Mid will be ready, to meet him at any spot j
i or at any time. I was not a bit over-conn- !
i dent. I knew my condition better than j
any one else, and fought Fitzsimmons i
only when ;his arbitrary actions made it
necessary to do so or be proclaimed a
coward."
Immediately after the fight Mr. Rector,
on behalf of the kinetoscope people, offered
Fitzsimmons and Maher a purse of $5000
to be battled for to-morrow. Fitzsinimons j
declared he would agree to put Maher out j
in six rounds, but insisted on selecting his
own time and place. He declared that
under no circumstances would he fight be- i
fore a kinetoscope unless for a purse of
$10,000 and 50 per cent of the profits. He
based his position on the fact that the
kinetoscope people had persistently
ignored him, and now he was in a position |
to dictate to them. Nothing came of the ;
proposition, and the negotiations are off
for the present.
After returning to the depot and while
waiting the departure of the train for FA j
Paso, Fitzsimmons was surrounded by a j
crowd of admirers, who heartily shook "his i
hand and congratulated him on his victory.
He bore his newly made honors with
characteristic; self-satisfaction and re- j
minded newspaper men around about
that he said all along that his
opponent was only a stiff and would j
be done up without difficulty. He ad
mitted, however, that the battle was almost |
too short for his liking and that he would !
have been glad of a little more opportunity i
of showing his form.
Julian was in high glee. The manager, I
| from whose shoulders the big financial re- i
sponsibility had been lifted, acted like r '■
boy on the last day of school.
At precisely 6 o'clock the train bearing
the victors and the vanquished and their
admiring and chagrined friends drew j
away from the crude railway station, i
leaving only representatives of the press |
associations in the one-horse hamlet for
the next twenty-four hours. The de
parture signal was a discharge of carbines
as a salute from the Texas rangers, who
from their point of vantage in the Texas j
mountains had been willing spectators of
the short contest. ,-
The Fitzsimmons party had already i
twisted the necks of half a dozen wine j
Qmlinued on 27iird Page.
Peter Maher and Robert Fitzsimmons, Whose Battle for the World's Championship and a Purse oj
$10,000 Lasted Just Ninety Seconds.
HODGES STANDS
OFF HARRINGTON.
Now the Fight to Repeal
the Charter Is On in
Earnest.
I
WORK OF CALIFORNIANS
\ One a Lobbyist for Huntington !
and the Other a Champion
of the People.
JTTST A RAILROAD FREEBOOTER.
] The Southern Pacific President De
nounced in a Statement by .
Mr. Hodges.
FRANKFORT, Rt., Feb. : 21.— The fight
on the bill to repeal the Southern Pacific ;
charter is on in earnest and will be kept
up with vigor until the bill has passed both
j houses of the Kentucky General Assembly. i
I The bill came up in the Senate this morn- |
! ing, and Senator Goebel, who is champion- j
' ing the fight for repeal, asked that the I
measure be made the special order for next !
: Tuesday afternoon, which was agreed to bv I
j the Senate, i;."^:
The bill will be considered exclusively
at the afternoon session, and will be con
sidered from day to day until disposed of.
This is considered a victory by the friends
of the bill as no other measure can interfere
and the fight for time which is the main
hope of the Huntington lobbyists can soon
be estimated, and the friends of the bill hope
to pass the measure by Wednesday and
have it pushed into the House, where sim
ilar tactics will be arranged.
The Huntington people have become
very active against the bill and claim there
will be a surprise on a showdown. Their
claim is without foundation, however, and
the bill will be passed on a aye and no
vote by a safe majority.
Hon. 11. C. Hodges of Healdsburg, Cal.,
this morning published a lengthy com
munication in the Daily Capital in reply
to an interview published in that paper on
Wednesday with Colonel Harrington of
Huntington lobby, in which he says tha
hand of Huntington is plainly discernible.
He says the Huntington crowd always
jump on Mayor Sutro and expect scur
rilious attacks on him to turn the atten
tion from Huntington's rascalities. He
declares there is no comparison of reputa
tion between the two men.
"Sutro is considered," says Hodges, "a
gentleman of integrity and a public bene
factor, and was elected Mayor of San Fran
cisco over the combined influence of all
parties and Huntington's money, while
Huntington is considered a railroad free
booter, grasping everything in sight, and
to-day is the most thoroughly despised
man in California."
Hodges also pays his respects to Gov
ernor Budd, who waselected tootlice solely
on the issue of Huntincton and anti-Hunt
ington or Southern Pacific, which is the
same thing. No case was ever tried in State
courts that could be taken to the United
States court. He says for years the rail
road commission has been under the con
trol of the Southern Pacific, and elucidates
on the practices of this company.
"Henchmen are here with that famous
'sack' which has for years yielded such a
potent influence in California courts and
Legislatures, and is now opening up its
powers on members of Congress. If chiv
alrous Kentuckians knew of the incubus
and outrage they have imposed upon sister
States they would repeal that infamous
charter so quick that Huntington would
think that he had been struck with one of
his big riled rivers."
The card created a sensation to-day and
has set the Kentucky Legislature to inves
tigating.
Tne supply of information on the ques
tion at issue sent from San Francisco has
not been stinted, but not every member
has gone so deep into the real merits of the
question as to fix his conviction for repeal.
Colonel Harrington's interview was, of
course, read by everybody, and, as he
is here on the ' ground, responsible
for what ha said, and speaking with
the authority of a man holding a pub
lic office in the State of California, his
words had great weight, especially as he
took every opportunity to back up the im
pression made by earnest and emphatic
personal interviews with such members as
were steered in his way by some co-con
spirator.
The colonel said when he first arrived in
Frankfort that he was not here in the in
terests of the Southern Pacific and would
take no part for or against it unless assed
his opinion, which he would give.
He has, however, proven pretty clearly
that he is here principally .to lobby in
Huntington's interest. Visiting his wife's
relatives is a secondary matter. He is
making his headquarters during the day
and a good part of the night in General
Duke's reception parlors at the Capital
Hotel, where sweet and sour mash and
fragrant cigars, with jolly conversation,
make tempting baits to draw the member
who is to be impressed bv a personal in
terview with Colonel Harrington.
Colonel Bob Lytle, with his $1000 claim,
throws a little coldness over the colonel's
demeanor for awhile, but it is understood
that the matter has been arranged. The
Huntington party thought that the im
pressive colonel had the field to himself
and would make many votes.
A kind providence, however, sent H. C.
Hodges to Frankfort at this critical junc
COLLIS P.HUNTIHGTON DRIVEN TO THE WALL
ture and he has taken up the cudgels for
the State of his adoption with a spirit that
commends him and his wards to the peo
ple of Kentucky and the Legislature es
pecially. He speaks in no uncertain
tones, as you may see, and does not mince
matters in the least.
Kentuckians love a contest of whatever
kind it is, and this one is going to do
more to bring the merits of the issues in
volved in the disposal of this charter than
all the printed matter that has been sent
here.
Harrington will likely reply to Hodges
in the next issue, and that gentleman will
undoubtedly return the courtesy. This fight
will make votes for the bill and counteract
Harrington's efforts almost entirely. Mr.
Hodges is well known throughout this sec
tion of Kentucky; in fact, throughout the
whole State.
He is the son of Colonel George Hodges,
who was for over thirty years grand secre
tary of the Grand Ledge of Kentucky.
His family have lived in Frankfort or vi
cinity since the Htate was horn, and are
people of large influence. All of his name
and connection will take his side in this
controversy.
This is very timely assistance for Goebel,
who has' in addition to his other duties
had the bulk of the work on this bill on
his shoulders also, not t o say that Flippi n,
McChord and others have not done their
part after they were informed 'as to the
merits of the case.
McChord is expected to make a strong
speech in favor of the passage. If Bron
ston speaks at all it will be against the bill,
but he is not very enthusiastic in its sup
port. General Duke evidently feels more
confident than he has done for some days,
and the rece3s on account of Judge Grace's
death would have been a good thing for
them with Harrington at hand to "im
press" the members, but the advent of Mr.
Hodges has put a different phase on the
matter, and the recess will only serve to
make votes for the bill, the more so if Har
rington keeps up the fight.
THE SENATORIAL, DEADLOCK.
lllackburn and Hunter Each. Receive
fifty rotes.
FRANKFORT, Kt., Feb. 21.— The joint
ballot for Senator was not materially
changed to-day. The four bolting Repub
licans voted for Walter Evans of Louis
ville and the sound-money Democrats
stood by Carlisle. The ballot resulted:
Blackburn, 50; Hunter, 50; scattering, 8.
Necessary to a choice, fv>.
The joint assembly then adjourned un
til Monday.
DISMISSED BY A BROTHER
Ballington Booth Dropped From
the Salvation Army
Rolls.
He and His Wife Disappear and Her
bert Booth Offers a Reward
for Information.
NEW YORK, N. Y., Feb. 21.—Balling
ton Booth, commander of the Salvation
Army in America, has disappeared with
his wife, Maud B. Booth. Their home in
Montciair, N. J., is closed. They have not
been at the army Headquarters in this city
since Thursday.
HerDert Booth, brother of Ballington
Booth and commander of the army in
Canada, will hike charge of the forces here
to-morrow. He offered a reward to any
one who would tell him where Ballington
is. The army is stirred to great excite
ment. On the steamship Teutonic Wednes
day night Eva Booth, a sister, arrived
from England.
Herbert Booth was hastily summoned
to New York by Colonel Xicoll, a staff of
ficer of the army, who came here ostensi
bly on a mission to investigate the senti
ment of rebellion in this country against
the transfer of Commander Booth to an
other sphere of action.
He arrived on Thursday, and on that
day a court of inquiry was held by the
three, with Ballington Booth before them.
The proceedings became heated. There
were charges and incriminations. Balling
ton Booth was ordered to proceed at once
to England.
"I will not go," he said.
"This is insubordination," replied Her
bert. "You know what that means in the
army."
"Yes, I know."
"It means dismissal."
"Then I will accept it," replied the com
mander.
In the heat of the argument that fol
lowed tne commander complained bitterly
of the injustice of his father removing him
so arbitrarily from a field where he had
labored so long and in which he hoped to
finish his life. He made use of terms of
insubordination and criticized the general
severely.
"This means a trial by court-martial,"
cried Herbert Uooth, springing to his feet.
"You have spoken disrespectfully of your
father and your general. I prefer charges
of insubordination and disrespect against
you. I move that this court proceed to
try you for your words."
Colonel Nicoll supported Herbert Booth.
He then made known his full authority.
"I have' authority to dismiss you from
office," he said, "and to appoint your suc
cessor. I demand of you all the property
of the army in America that stands in
your name. You are dismissed from
office."
Bailington Booth rose to his feet. "Let
it mean dismissal. I will never stand it."
After receiving notice of dismissal he
and his wife, aided by a few friends, spent
the evening packing up their personal be
longings. The keys were turned over
soon afterward.
Jtear-Adntiral I'iffe Dying.
OMAHA, Nebr.. Feb. 21.— A dispatch
from Pierce, Nebr., says that Rear-Ad
miral Fiffe (retired) is in a dying condi
tion. Relatives from Massachusetts and
California have been summoned.
A Nation of Connoisseurs,
The immense consumption of champagne
in this country constitutes the American
the best judee in the world, and the im
portation in 1895 of 79,049 cases of G. H.
Muram's extra dry is evidence of their
choice, the reason being that its remarka
ble quality, purity and natural dryness
commend it to physicians as well as lay
men.
TRICE FIVE CENTS.
Cornered by the Questions
From Tireless Senator
Morgan.
CONTRADICTS STANFORD
Says Great Fortunes Were Not
Made in the Contract and
Finance Company.
ONLY THREE OR FOUR MILLIONS
That Is the Miserable Pittance Hunt.
ington Secured by Twenty
Years' Labor.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Feb. 21.—Sena
tor Morgan resumed his examination of
C. P. Huntington, president of the South
ern Pacific Company, before the Senate
Pacific Railroads Committee this morning,
taking as the basis of his questions the re
port of the United States Pacilic Railroad
Commission, which examined into tne
whole subject in 1887, Messrs. Littler and
Anderson making the majority report and
ex - < iovernor Pattison of Pennsylvania
the minority report.
Mr. Huntington was in a mood to repel,
being driven to the wall, and he resented
with some show of asperity what he sup
posed to be reflections on his veracity im
plied in some of the questions put to him.
He denied that himself, Stanford, Hop
kins and Crocker made an enormous
fortune, or even an undue profit out of the
operations of the Contract and Finance
Company, asserting that when the work
vras all done and paid for — half in cash
and half in stock of the Central Pacific —
the Contract and Finance Company was
not able to pay its debts.
It was only when the Central Pacific
stock appreciated, as it did largely in a few
year?, that the Contract and Finance
Company realized large profits. Taking
into consideration all the work and anxiety
that he had gone through for twenty years
in building the road and in establishine it
on a successful basis, he declared that
himself and his associates were not suffi
ciently remunerated.
On being pressed to name the amount of
his personal profit, Mr. Huntington finally
put it at not "more than three or four mil
lion dollars."
"That 13 pretty good pay for twenty
years' work," said Senator Morgan.
"No, not for the work vre did," said Mr.
Huntingtou.
"I have done as much work in twenty
years," said Morgan, "and I never got a
twentieth part of that."
"I do not do that kind of work for any
such price as that — not of my own voli
tion," Mr. Huntineton said.
Morgan asked if all the capital were not
furnished by the Government, and Hunt
ington said it was not; but could not say
just how much he did put in — certainly
more than a million, and anyhow enough
to make a great success of the work. It
was put in from time to time as the neces
sity of the work demanded. There was no
time when he would not have mortgaged
his dwelling-house to carry on the work.
He had paid into the Contract and Finance
Company $K>oo or $10,000 at the beginning,
and several hundred thousand afterward.
He could not state exactly how much.
He was in the East the greater part of the
time, and Mr. HopKins had absolute con
trol of that part of the business.
"Even your Dank account?" asked
Morgan.
"Yes," replied Mr. Huntington, "I
always found it the better way to trust
somebody than to trust nobody."
A.t another point in the examination
Senator Morgan remarked that Mr. Hunt
ington's answer was "no answer at all."
"I'm answering the best I can," Hun
tingdon said.
"I'm afraid not," Senator Morgan dryly
remarked.
"I am," Huntington retorted rather de
fiantly, "and when I say I am that is what
it means."
Senator Morgan read a statement from
the report of the United States Pacific
Railroad Committee and asked Hunting
ton whether the statement was correct.
"I do not fight words." he answered,
'.'that are thrown into the air by irre
sponsible committees as these committees
usually were. They picked np their in
formation on the street corners of San
Francisco. Very likely they did the best
they could, but they did not get correct
information."
"It appears," said Senator Morgan,
"that they got some of their information
from Senator Stanford, and Senator Stan
ford testified that each of the four parties
in the Contract and Finance Company got
just $13,000,000 as his share of the profit."
"Mr. Stanford knew very little," Mr.
Huntington replied, "of the business of
the company, but I do not know how he
could have made that mistake. I have no
idea that there was any such amount ol
Central Pacific stock delivered, and how
he could have got $13,000,000 of it I cannot
see."
Morgan read from the testimony of a Mr.
Yost, who swore he saw Mr. Crocker pic'*
out a number of boxes containing books
of the Contract and Finance Company and
store them away. Mr. Huntington ad
hered to his former statement ihat tha
books in question had all been destroyed.
"Did you know Yost?" asked Morgan.
"I did," said Huntington.
"What sort of man was he?"
"He is dead."
"I know that," said Morgan.
"Well, the best thing be ever did was to
die," was Huntington's reply.
•'A John Miller testified," said Morgan,
"that he saw Crocker store the books away ;
what about him?"
"I'll tell you," was Mr. Huntinston's re
ply. "I went into our office in San Fran
cisco one day and saw the man Miller at
work. 'What salary do you give that
man?' I asked Crocker. 'Five thousand a
year," was his reply. 'That is either too
much or too little,' I replied. I then ad
vised Crocker to put an expert on Miller's
books. That was done and we found tiiafc2
Mi Her had got away with $700,000 of our
money. We got back about half the
amount."
Huntington said that Miller was tried
for his offense, but was acquitted.
Morgan wanted to know if it was not a
fact that the company interceded in Mil
ler's behalf. Mr. Huntinston denied this.
"What did Crocker say about Miller?"
asked Morgan.
"Oh, he Baid he was a thief and a very
bad citizen," said Huntington, "but I
twitted Crocker and told him I thought
him a very clever fellow, and was only
astonished that he did not come around
with a wheelbarrow and carry away the
office building brick by brick. >:
Referring again to the report of the Rail
road Commission, Morgan said ou one
point, sarcastically, "Pernaps the Commis
sioners did not want to know."
"Perhaps not," Huntington assented.
"I think tney were pretty nice gentlemen
(correcting himself)— two of them."
"As to Mr. Pattison," Senator Morgan
suggested, '"you have not any opinion at
all?"
"Pattison," said Mr. Huntington, with
an air of self-restraint, "may be a very
pood fellow. I will not say anything about
mm.''
Speaking again of the report of the Pa
ciiic Railroad Commission, Huntington
said the report was worthless. "They did
not know how to ask questions," said
Huntington. "They did not ask me the
price of rails, ties, spikes, etc., or of freight
by water and across the Sierras."
Morgan — But your own deposition is
given. Are you prepared to say that it
was not correct? If so, your refutation
will be recorded. When a man's reputa
tion id jeopardized he should De very
careful.
Huntington — My reputation is not en
dangered. I will say, "Tell the truth."
Morgan— You say the commission did
not know how to ask questions. Why did
you not tell them everything without their
asking?
Huntington— l assume it was none of
their business.
Morgan— Yon defied the authority of a
Congressional committee, did you?
Hnntington — Oh, no; I would not do
that, but they dul not ask how much we
paid for rails, ties, spikes, etc.
Morgan — Arc you prepared to say your
deposition was ftili, complete and honest,
or incomplete, untruthful and dishonest?
Huntington — I said I answered their
questions to the best of my ability.
Morgan— Did Stanford tell the truth and
yon an untruth, or vice versa?
Huntington — Stanford always spoke
truthfully; but in ibis instance he was
mistaken.
"Morgan — They you deny Stanford's
statement under oath to the effect that
',000 in stock was distributed by the
Contract and Finance Company?
Huntington stammered. His reply was
really no answer at all, bat a very pitiful
evasion. Everybody in the room realized
that Huntington was greatly embar
rassed.
"la that the best answer you can make?"
asked Morgan.
Huntington — It seems to me that about
fiiiy millions wts distributed as a part of
Chfcrles Crocker's unfinished contract.
Im that is what Mr. Stanford meant.
Morgan— Mr. Stanford stated that flfty
four millions was net profit, subject only
to an indebtedness of three millions.
HaatingttH) maid the indebtedness was
more than three millions.
Morgan— Well, how much more was it?
Lngton— Oh, a great deal more.
At the close of the examination Senator
Morgan said to Mr. Huntington that there
vere a number of points in the report of
the commission to which he would like to
79 Mr. JJuntington the opportunity of
replying, on oath, and contradicting or
correcting, if he couid, and he suggested
that Mr. Himtington take the volume
with him and be prepared at the next
meeting of the committee to make such
statements in denial of the report as he
raight desire.
At first Mr. Huntincton treated the
Senator's oiV-r rather disdainfully. He
was tuo busy a. man, he said, to attempt to
read the report, but he would get some of
bis people to look over it and call his
attention to such points as require notice.
Senator Morgan gave a sort of warning
to Mr. Hantington that the Senate and
House would be obliged to accept the com
mission's report as correct, if Mr. Hunt
ington (having the opportunity offered to
him) did not refute it.
"1 thint." Senator Morgan added, "that
the country and the Senate and the House
will be under the necessity of taking this
rt-iMrt as containing the truth in full."
"I cannot heip that," said Mr. Hunting
ton.
"You can help it if you want to deny
it," Senator Morgan said.
"I deny pretty much the whole thing,"
Mr. Huntington persisted.
"I want to give you every opportunity,"
Senatur Morgan said, 'to explain every
allegation made against you by every-
"It would take a hundred years to do
that, I guess." Mr. Huntingdon remarked,
'for 1 have had enemies all my life; and I
am as proud of my enemies as I am of my
friends. I have always hewed close to the
line, and if people fall on my line they are
sorry for it."
Mr. Huntington gave another illustra
tion of his contempt for what people said
of him. He was asKed this question by
Senator Morgan, "Then you are entirely
indifferent to public opinion, are you?"
'liie fact of it is," was the answer, given
in a quiet kind of manner, "that so long as
there is one man in the world to think
well of me, I do not look beyond him to
the balance of the human race, because I
would not exchanee trie good opinion ol
that one man for the opinion of the whole
human race."
"You would take the opinion of that
one man?" Senator Morgan observed.
"Yes; I would take the opinion of C. P.
Huntington," said that gentleman.
"Then you .nust be a happy man," Sen
ator Morgan remarked sarcastically, "con
sidering how much C. P. Huntington
thinks of yon.' 1
After some hesitation it was arranged
that Mr. Huntington should take with
him the bound volume of the report of the
United States Paciiic Railroad Commis
sion and be preparea to make such de
nials or objections of statements contained
in it as he may be willing to do under
oath, and in order to afford time for the
purpose the committee adjourned until
Frid ay, the 28th.
JUita Anthony Honored.
ROCHESTER, N. Y., Feb. 21.-Miss
Susan B. Anthony, who leaves in a day or
so for California, was tendered a reception
by 200 of her admirers at the home of Dr.
Linn last evening. The occasion was also
the occasion of the celebration of Miss
Anthony's seventy-sixth birthday.
An Insane Embezzler.
CHICAGO, 111., Feb. 21.— Ex-Alderman
Salo W. Roth, who as secretary of two
building and loan associations is respon
sible for a shortage of $32,000 in the funds,
was adjudged insane to-day.
Send your change of business or residence to
Crocker-Langley Directory, 215 Bush st. •
DEBUTES ON THE
APPROPRIATIONS.
Salaries of Indian Inspectors
to Remain at the Top
Notch.
AMENDMENTS DEFEATED
Members of the House Continue
Their Deliberations Into
the Night.
LITTLE PROGRESS IS MADE.
It Is Necessary to Count a Quorum
to Increase a Veteran's
Pension.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Feb. 21.— The
utmost efforts in the House to-day of
Dingley, Cannon and other leaders of the
Republicans were unavailing to reverse
the defeat sustained yesterday in the com
mittee of the whole to reduce salaries of
Indian inspectors from $3000 to $2500 a
year. When the consideration of the ap-
propriation bill was resumed Grow (R.) of
Pennsylvania moved to make the salary
?2000, and against that proposition Crisp
(D.) of Georgia raised a point of order that
it changed existing laws.
A debate extending over two hours fol
lowed upon this. Chairman Payne (R.)
of New York, at the close, overruled the
point. In the course of the discussion
much acidity of expression was shown,
Hopkins (R.) of Illinois speauiug of Grow's
motion as the result of inspiration he
would not name, but a manifestation of
"factional opposition to the Indian Com
mittee."
Grow changed bis amendment to make
the salary $2501, but again the committee
of the whule sustained the Indian Com
mittee and voted against the reduction.
Upon points, of order of Cannon (R.) of
Illinois that they were new legislation,
propositions were stricken out authorizing
the Secretary of the Interior to pay the
expenses of the Indian inspectors while
they were located in Washington and to
create the office of superintendent of. irri
gation.
The appropriation of $4000 to meet the
expenses of the Board of Indian Commis
sioners, which has been in every Indian
bill for twenty-six years and which the
committee omitted from its draft of the
bill, was inserted on motion of McCall (R.)
of Massachusetts, supported by Bartlett,
Fisher and Quipg of Mew York.
Having completed only ten pages of the
bill ia two days, the committee rose and
on motion of Dingley (R.) of Maiue it
was ordered that when the House ad
journed at the close of the evening session
for the consideration of private pension
bills it be to meet on Monday next.
In the morning hour Senate amend
ments to the military academy appropria
tion bill were agreed to and the following
Senate bills were passed:
To amend section 5204, Revised Statutes,
fo as to empower the Secretary of tne
Treasury to remit or mitigate forfeitures
under his jurisdiction, as well as fines and
penalties; to amend the law regulating the
establishment of final proof in timber
culture entries.
An amendment offered by Pickler
(R.) of South Dakota to make the maxi
mum of pay of head farmers at Indian
agencies $65 per month was agreed to.
The committee then rose.
At 5 p. m. a recess was taken until 8
o'clock, the evening session being for the
consideration of private pension bills.
At 8:40 o'clock it became necessary to
determine whether or not a qurum of the
committee of the whole (100 members) was
in the hall and Lacey (R.) of lowa, chair
man, announced that 118 members were
present. The occasion for it was this: A
biil was under consideration to increase
the pension of Louis C. Schilding, who
ser~ed in Company A, Fourth Ohio Cav
alry, from $37 to $50 a month. It was rec
ommended by the Committee on Invalid
Pension?, which report showed that he
wa? suffering from a gunshot wound,
rheumatism, piles and valvular disease of
the heart. Kerr (R.) of Ohio explained
that the beneficiary had appeared in per
son before the committee and demon
strated the fact that his condition war
ranted the amount of the pension recom
mended.
Alter a colloquy between Kerr and Cof
fin a motion to lay aside the bill with a
favorable recommendation received 91 af
rimative and 5 negative votes, whereupon
Erdruan made a point of no quorum. The
chairman's count disclosed a quorum pres
ent and the motion was agreed to.
The committee recommended favorably
nine bills and the House passed five.
At 10:30 the House adjourned until
Monday.
OF INTEREST TO THE COAST.
Representatives Bowers and Talbert Each
Claims to Be a Better Farmer Than
the Other.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Feb. 21.-Rop
resentative Bowers of California and Tal
bert of South Carolina wers pitted against
each other in debate to-tlay. and both were
talking at once in an animated and often
excited manner. Bowers swung liisarms
and Talbert waved his hands. TJiey were
asserting their knowledge of farming, and
each claimed to be a better farmer than
the other. The House was convulsed with
laughter. Bowers was swinging right
handers, while his adversary was dealing
upper cuts. Some member shouted, "Go
it. Fits," and another soon yelled "time,"
when the debaters immediately broke
away, shook hands and went to their cor
ners amid great laughter.
Pensions have been granted as follows:
California: Original—Bernard Hanlan,
National Soldiers' Home, Los Angeles.
Increase — Thomas Lyons, Vallejo. Re
is-ue and increase— Carl Rimbach, San
Diego. Original widows, etc. — Almira Mc-
Kelvey, Los Angeles; Carrie Campbell,
Pomona.
Oregon: Original— William H. Cleav
enger, Lebanon.
Washington: Original — William H.
Ornpe, Dayton.
The Republican members o! the House
and Senate held a caucus last night to
choose members of the Congressional cam
paign committee. The California delega
tion did not present the name of its repre
sentative on said committee, as thev have
not as yet conferred on the subject. "
The Committee on Naval Affairs of the
House to-day directed that a favorable re
port be made on the bill for the relief of
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 22, 1896.
John Klyde Sullivan. Sullivan is well
known in California, where he was sta^
tioned at Mare Island as paymaster of the
navy. The bill has already passed the
Senate.
The Senate Committee on Fortifications
has agreed to favorably report Squire's
bill appropriating $87,000,000 to be ex
pended at New York, Boston, Philadel
phia, Baltimore, Washington, New Or
leans, San Diego, San Francisco and other
points. The report accompanying the bill
will be a voluminous document.
The Senate Public Lands Committee to
day reported favorably the bill extending
the time within which suits may be
brought to set aside lands erroneously or
fraudulently granted to railroads.
Senator White appeared before the com
mittee and protested against Mexican
grants being included. They yielded to
his persuasion.
The House Committee on Public Lands
to-day gave a hearing to the California
delegation on Johnson s bill allowing the
State 5 per cent from sales of public lands.
G. W. Black was to-day appointed post
master at Floriston, Nevada County, Cal.,
vice S. H. Simond3, resigned.
COUNTERFEITERS ARRESTED.
Brockway Will Receive a Heavy Sentence,
but His Women Dupes May Suffer
Less.
TRENTON, N. J., Feb. 21.— The trial of
William E. Brockway, E. Wagner and
Abbie L. Smith, accused of counterfeiting
American and Canadian money, was con
cluded in the Fedaral court this afternoon,
the jury finding the three prisoners guilty
as they stood charged, and recommending
Wagner to the mercy of the court.
There are ten counts in the indictment
against each of the prisoners, and the
maximum penalty on each count is $5<M)
or fifteen years' imprisonment, or both, in
the discretion of the court.
It is believed that Mrs. Smith and Wag
ner, who have been regarded all along as
mere tools of Brockway and Dr. Bradford,
will receive mild sentences. Brockway.
who is known as the "Prince of Counter
feiters," will in all probability end his ca
reer in the New Jersey State prison. He is
past 74 years of age. Had Brockway
been successful in the job in which he was
caught, a half million at least of the coun
terfeit money would have been afloat.
GLORIES OF CALIFORNIA.
All Ably Set Forth in a Lecture
by Senator Perkins at
Washington.
Stereopticon Views Display Charming
Scenes of the Resources of the
Golden State.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Feb. 21.— Senator
Perkins delivered an interesting lecture on
"California" before the National Geo
graphic Society to-night. There was a
lar^e audience. The lecture was illustrated
by stereopticon pictures, which were well
selected, showing different varieties of
scenery which the State offers, giving
glimpses of life under conditions ranging
from those of the mining cump to modern
homes amid orange proves, and from those
represented by a train of pack mules to
those whose traveling coach is a palace car.
Views of orchards, vineyards, phases of
many different productive industries,
ranches in valleys and amid foothills were
given to show how many and how varied
are California's interests. Scenes during
the fruit-shipping season, pictures show
ing how fruit is dried, clusters of grapes on
the vine, golden oranges hanging on trees,
were given to show something of the
nature and extent of the great fruit
interests.
Then there were shown the wheatfields
and great combined harvester at work,
reawood forests and the way in which
lumbering is conducted. Some of the '
most beautiful of California's flowers were j
reproduced. A California garden in Jan- ;
uary, a rose arbor at Santa .Barbara and a
bed of callas in December, gave an idea
of the climate which words could not.
Then there were shown pictures of some
of California's grandest scenery, the Yo
seoiite, views in the Sierras, a typical Cali
fornia valley, big trees of California, won
derful geysers of Souoma County, Cliff
House and Goldan Gate. A few pictures
of San Francisco were given, and views of
some of the principal places of interest,
but most of them were designed to give a
correct idea of what Calilornia is and what
it can produce, and what makes it take
such a hold on the affections of its people.
KRUGER IS AFFECTED.
Visited the Scene of the Terrific
Explosion of Dynamite at
Viedendorp.
Already a Vast Fund Has Been
Collected to Allay the
Distress.
JOHANNESBURG, Socru Africa, Feb.
21.— President Kruger and the chiefs of
the several executive departments of the
Government of the Bouth African Re
public made an inspection of the scene of
the dynamite explosion at Viedendorp
yesterday and visited the injured men,
women and children in the hospitals.
President Kruger, viewing the scene of
devastation, declared that the Netherlands
Railway Company, on board of whose cars
the dynamite exploded, would have to pay
the amount of damage done, calculated at
£1.000,000. The President was greatly
affocted.
The fund collected by the committee or
eanized for the relief of the sufferers by
the explosion of dynamite Wednesday
evening now amounts to £100,000. The
Government of the republic has granted
£2"),000 to the fund for the ail of the suf
ferers. The Netherlands Railway has
subscribed £10,000 and the dynamite com
pany £0000.
It has been proved that the Govern
ment's and the company's regulations for
the handling of dynamite were broken in
several respects. The cars contained fifty
five tons of the explosive and ninety cases
of detonators.
Trie dynamite company's magazine,
which is near the scene of the explosion,
contained 400 tens of the explosive. A bolt
that had been made red hot by the explo
sion fell into the magazine, dropping into
a bucket of water. Tue Government medi
tates ordering the company to remove its
magazine ten miles from the town.
LONDON, Bhg., Feb. 21.— The Queen
has sent a dispatch to President Kruger
expressing her sympathy for the victims
of the explosion.
Hart Am Massey Dead.
TORONTO, Ontario, Feb. 21.— Hart A.
Maßsey, a millionaire manufacturer and
iiead of the great implement works of
Massey, Harris & Co., the largest in Can
ada, died last night, aged 73.
TWO RECEIVERS
WILL CONTROL
Bigelow and McHenry to
Manage the Northern
Pacific.
LACOMBE SO DECIDES.
Oakes, Payne and Rouse May
Retire Completely From
the Road,
THEIR ACCOUNTS UNSETTLED.
One Little Item Will Be Fifty
Thousand Dollars for Legal
Expenses.
NEW YORK, N. Y., Feb. 21.— Judge
Laconibe in the United States Circuit
Court this afternoon handed down a de
cision to the effect that he would con firm
the appointment of Frank G. Bigelow and
Edward W. McHenry as receivers of the
Northern Pacific Railroad Company in
place of the three old receivers who have
resigned.
When several months ago the resigna
tions of Thomas F. Oakes, Henry C.
Payne and Henry C. Rouse as receivers of
the Northern Pacific Railroad Company
were brought to the attention of Judge
Lacombe, it waa stated that Edward W.
Mcllenry and Frank G. Bigelow had been
appointed by Judge Jenkins of Wisconsin
to succeed them. These appointments be
ing subsequently confirmed by Judge San
born of Minnesota, counsel for the Farm
ers' Loan and Trust Company and for the
general reorganization committee of the
stockholders asked Judge Lacombe to also
confirm the appointments. The Northern
Pacitic Railroad Company, us a corpor
ation, opposed action as to the acceptance
of the three resignations and the appoint
ment of Bigelow and Mcfienry. After
many conferences and much deJay the
question of court jurisdiction, which had
also arisen, was settled satisfactorily to all
parties, and the bearing was definitely set
down for to-day.
The hearing was upon a motion by Her
bert B. Turner, counsel for the Farmers'
Loan and Trust Company, for the confir
mation of the appointment previously
made by Judge Jenkins of Wisconsin of
P. G. Bigelow and E. W. McHenry as re
ceive rs in the place of the three who re
signed. Mr. Turner recited at consider
able length the proceedings in the litiga
tion from the time of the appointment of
Oakes, Rouse and Payne as receivers un
der the original Northern Pacific foreclos
ure. He asked that the receivers' bonds
be fixed at $100,000.
Counselor Silas W. Pettit for the Nort h
cm Pacific Company said he did not op
pose the appointrueDfr^f Bigelon f and Mc
llenry, but asked that they be conlinued
as receivers together with R. M. Galloway
and Andrew P. Burleigh. The second
mortgage bond holders of the road were
represented by E. Nathan of Caidoza, who
agreed in favor of the appointment of but
two receivers.
Mr. Fettit's contention that Judge La
combe was not bound under the decision
of Supreme Court Judge Brown for the
reason that no consolidation of the original
creditors' bill and the foreclosure of the
mortgage of 1870 had been effected, was
apparently not concurred in by his Honor,
who took the papers in the case and re
served his decision.
Under a previous order by Judge Lacombe
the old receivers have yet to rile their ac
counts in this district. It is stated that
they have expended over $50,000 in legal
expenses.
At a quarter to 5 o'clock this afternoon
Judge Lacombe handed down a decision as
follows:
"In View of the order heretofore made
by Justice Brown, while assigned to this
circuit, I am prepared to sign an order in
similar form to that made in the
court oHl^o-called primary jurisdic
tion, consolidating the two suits, accept
ing resignations of the old receivers
ana appointing the new ones, but with a
clause providing that there shall be kept
within this jurisdiction a sum of money
not less than $100,000 to provide for the
claims uf any creditors here, and further
providing for the service of papers upon
such receivers in any case begun here.
Inasmuch as the new receivers are non
residents and this court has therefore no
means of referring their company with
the above terms bv personal process, they
should give bonds in the sum of $100,
--000."
By this decision Judge Lacombe signi
fies his intention to confirm the appoint
ment of Frank G. Bigelow and Edward
W« Mcllenry as receivers in place of
Thomas F. Oakes, Henry C. Payne and
Henry 0. House, resigned. This has
already been concurred in by all excepting
the Judges of the Stale of Washington,
and the matter will be argued in that dis
trict before Judges Hanford and Gilbert in
Seattle on March 2.
TO rjiOCLAJM ISDEFtSJSJOEIfCE.
The .African JRepttblic Ready to Throw
Off the J'n>jli»h Yoke.
PIETERMARITZBURG. Orange Free
State, Feb. 21.— The National Times
claims to have the best authority for the
statement that the African republic will,
on February 22, the fifteenth anniversary
of tho Boer victory over the British under
General Colley at Majuba Hill, proclaim
its independence.
LONDON, Esq., Feb. 21.— A dispatch to
the Central News from Cape Town says
that the report that the Soutn African re
public intends to throw off the suzerainty
of Great Britain and proclaim its inde
pendence is not credited in Cape Town.
Sir Jacobus Dewett, the British diplomatic
agent at Pretoria, has, however, taken his
departure from that place, having been
given a special conce, and this fact i9 re
garded as being strange.
THE CAMPAIGN IX ABYSSIXIjI.
Italy to Send Additional Troops to Gen
eral Haratieri. .
. ROME, Italy, Feb. 21.—The Minister of
War has received the report of General
Baratieri, commanding the forces in
Abyssinia, in regard to the recent combats
between the Italians and rebel bands near
Adigrat. In these fights the Italians lost
ninety-seven killed and from thirty to
forty wounded, and the enemy's losses
were about equal to those of the Italians.
The report was laid before the Cabinet,
which to-day authorized Sicnor Crispi to
send to Abyssinia immediately whatever
re-enforcements of troops that may be
necessary. Three thousand men are al
ready in readiness to be embarked for
Massowah to join General Baratieri'a forces
in the interior.
innjSFIXITE AXD V>CEJRTAiy.
The Sewa Concerning Dr. Jfansen and
the Jforth Pol's.
LONDON, Eng., Feb. 21.— The Times
will to-morrow publish a dispatch from
Petersburg saying that on Wednesday
fresh telegrams were received from Eastern
Siberia stating that newa concerning Dr.
Nansen, who wa3 reported to be returning
after having discovered the north pole,
is indefinite and uncertain.
JHAJfY VESSELS JFOUSDER.
Storms «m the Black Sea Cause a Great
i»«i of Lift, and Property.
LONDON, Exg., Feb. 21.— The Times
will to-morrow publish a dispatch from
Odessa, saying that heavy storms on the
Black Sea have caused great loss of life
and property. Seven steamers and eigh
teen sailing vessels have foundered, and it
is believed that more than 100 persons
have perished. The storms continue.
FREXCB. STATMSXJCN A.GK.EE.
The Senate Capitulates to the Chamber
of Deputies.
PARIS, France, Feb. 2t.— ln the Senatf
to-day M. de Mole, Republican Senator
for Saone-at- Loire, read a statement pro
testing against the Cabinet's interpreta
tion of the -constitution, but withdrawing
the interpellation which he announced
last Saturday he would offer, demanding
an expression from the Government con
cerning the responsibility of the Cabinet
toward tbe Senate and the Chamber of
Deputies, leaving the country to judge be
tween the Cabinet and the Senate, which
latter body, he said, had decided not to
provoke a crisis.
The Senate approved M. de Mole's Btate
ments by a vote of 184 to 60, thus capitu
lating before the Chamber of Deputies.
GREAT SRITAjy A.XD FRAXCJE.
iVbt Beady to Resume Negotiations as to
Trea ty Rights.
LONDON, E.vg., Feb. 21.— 1n the House
of Commons this evening George N. Cur
zon, Parliamentary Secretary lor Foreign
Affairs, replying to a question by Sir
Charles Dilke, stated that Great Britain
and France have agreed to renew for the
approaching season the modus vivendi re
lating to lobster fisheries in Newfound
land waters established in 18i)0. In conse
quence of this agreement, he said, the ne
gotiations between Great Britain and
France in regard to the general question
of treaty rights would not now be pro
ceeded with. V- : ■?■■■
EX-CONSUL WALLER GUD
Upon Arrival in Paris He Ex-
presses Gratitude to the
United States.
The Release From the French Prison
Said to Be Due to Embassa-
dor Eustis.
PARIS, Frantk, Feb. 21.-John Waller,
ex-United States Consul to Madagascar
who was court-martialed and sentenced by
the French authorities to twenty years'
imprisonment under conviction of having
illegally communicated with the Hovas,
arrived in Paris at 9 o'clock this morning',
having been pardoned and released from
the Nimes prison yesterday. To a re
porter of the United Press Waller Baid :
"I am grateful for this opportunity to
thank the President of the United States,
the State Department of Washington and'
United States Einbaasador Eustis, as well
as Secretary Vignaud and Secretary New
ton Euatis of the United States embassy,
the latter of whom visited me in prison.
His visit cheered me very much, and was
followed by marked improvement in my
treatment. I feel highly elated to find
myself free after eleven months' incarcera
tion under condemnation to solitary con
finement for twenty years, equivalent to
eternity. lam in good health and shall
remain four days in Paris, ana shall also
stop a few days in London. I expect to
sail for America February 29."
It appears that Waller's release was
promised by the authorities a fortnight
ago. Failing in "the meantime to get the
notification of the decree of pardon signed
United States Erubassador Eustis, on Feb
ruary 19, called unon M. Berthelot, Minis
ter of Foreign- Affairs, at the Foreign Of
nce, and as the result of the interview be
tween the two President Faure signed
Waller's pardon yesterday morning. An
official immediately conveyed the news to
the American embassy, which immedi
ately cabled the information to the State
Department at Washington in a cipher
dispatch, and also notified Waller of the
fact that the President had signed his
pardon.
The release of Waller is being widely
discussed in diplomatic circles, in which
it is the consepsus of opinion that the
grantinc of the pardon is a tribute on the
part of France to Embassador Eustis, who
is highly esteemed at, the Foreign Office.
—
TOWARD MUTUAL FHIEXDSHIP.
How the British Oak and American
Hickory Should Incline.
LONDON, Ekg., Feb. 21.— The Hon.
Thomas F. Bayard, the American Em
bassador, in acknowledging the receipt of
a copy of the prologue of an entertainment
of ihe Brighton Grammar School, dwell
ing upon the necessity of friendship be
tween Great Britain and the li.iited
States, baa written a letter, in which he
says:
4 'lt is a wise thought to inculcate inter
national sympathies in the schools of each
country. The way the twig is bent the
tree inclines, and I hope that the British
oak and the American hicKory will always
incline toward mutual friendship."
__^_________^_ ■ NEW TO-DAT. ----- _
"THE QUEEN OF TABLE WATERS.' 1 -
NOW SUPPLIED IN
"SPLITS."
Ask for "Splits".(half pints)
at Restaurants and Bars _
JOHN CAFFREY, 47 First St., San Francisco,
Representing CHARLES GRAEF & CO., Y., for Mineral Waters.
IN THE FIELD
OF POLITICS
Eleventh Annual Banquet
of the Michigan
Club.
NOTED MEN ATTEND IT.
Republican Leaders Who Cheer
the Names of Allison
and McKinley.
PLATT SENDS HIS EEGRETS.
Senator Elkins Thinks He Has a
Chance for the Presidential
Nomination.
DETROIT, Mich., * eb. 21.— The eleventh
annual banquet of the Michigan Republi
can Club was the most splendid affair of
the kind ever held in the State. Fully
1000 persons, among them all the promi
nent Republicans in the State, sat down to
the feast. The most noteworthy feature of
the banquet was the magnificent tribute
to the name of McKinley.
At the close of a very effective speech by
Congressman Hepburn of lowa he referred
to the ovation given to the man from Ohio
and begged to say that, nevertheless, he
felt that the man who would be named for
and elected to the Presidential chair
would be Allison of lowa. This was
greeted with tremendous applause, but
the outburst was more of a personal tribute
to the author than it was ,an approval of
the sentiment.
Among the regrets read was ono from
Hon. Thomas C. Platt of New York, in
which he said he had not married a wife
or bought a yoke of oxen, but had made
an ass of himself by assuming certain
political burdens which he had to carry
out at this time. "I shall groan and weep
while you celebrate," he wrote. "Pity me
and pray for the man whom the angelic
press pictures as satanic."
Speaker Reed telegraphed that this year
completes forty years of Republicanism —
thirty-two years of Republican rule and
those dismal eight years when nobody
luled and suggested that the Republican
party take the whole forty years next time.
Major McKiuley-in his letter said that
the one significant fact that stands above
all others these days is the revival of pa
triotism and of National sentiment in both
our domestic and foreign affairs.
Hon. H. Clay Evans of Tennessee spoke
to the toast of "Patriotic Citizenship," and
Colonel Frederick D. Grant of New York
to "Our Country." The other toasts were :
"American Influence," responded to by
Congressman Hepburn of Iowa; "Repub
licanism in the South," by Hon. Powell
Clayton of Arkansas; "Utah, the new Star
in the American Constellation," by Sena
tor Arthur Brown of Utah.
CINCINNATI, Ohio, Feb. 21.— A Post
special from Charlestown, \V. Va., says:
The question whether Senator Elkins is or
is not a candidate for the Presidency is not
a question among West Virginia poli
ticians, and newspaper men who have
been aware of tfco position he occupies for
some time.
He thinks he has a chance to secure the
nomination and is awaiting developments.
In the meantime he is not losing sight of
opportunities to make developments in
his favor. It may be Worthy of note thot
the discussion of the question among the
Republican papers of this State is con
ducted to a certain extent by Senator El
kins, or by the literary bureau in charge
of his boom.
Some of the able editorials appearing in
West Virginia newspapers saying that he
has not announced himself as a candidate,
but speaking of his many qualifications
for the high position, are sent to them in
type-Trritten copy, and on the upper left
hand corner of each page appears, printed
in familiar letters, "United States Sen
ate."
If Senator Elkins' name is not presented
to the St. Louis convention it will be be
cause he does not consider the conditions
favorable.
INDIANAPOLIS, Ind., Feb. 21.—Chair
man Harrity of the National Democratic
Committee was here to-day on a political
mission and had several hours' conference
with Governor Matthews, in which from
subsequent developments it is believed he
asked the executive to accept me second
place on the ticket.
After Sir. Harrity left the Capitol the
Governor was asked if he would accept
the second place and he replied: "lam
not a candidate fox Vice-President and
will not be. My mind is irrevocably made
up on that question."
JtEPUJiJCICAA'S OETTIXG HEADY.
Selecting Sites for Conventions to Elect
Xntittnal I>< I, „, -, 3 ,
DETROIT, Mich., Feb. Ul.-The Repub
hcan fctate Central Committse met here
to-day and decided on Detroit as the citv
for holding the conv«ntion to elect dele-
Bates at large to the National convention
ine date of tbe convention will be May 14
A newcommittee will be selected at this
convention, which will fix a data for the
holding of the State convention to select a
State tickel
DES MOiNES, lowa, Feb. 21. — The
Democratic State Central Committee met
to-day to fix the dates for the two State
conventions to be held this season.
It was the largest meeting the committee
has held in a year, all the members being
present with J. J. Richardbon, member of
the National Committee from lowa. Ot
tumwa, JJes Moines and Dubuque were
candidates for the conventions. For the
spring convention to name delegates to
the National convention, Dubuque was
chosen, receiving 8 votes. Des Moines
and Ottumwa received 2 each. The date
was fixed on May 20. Ottumwa and Des
Moines received o votes each for the
later convention to name a State ticket. On
the second ballot Ottumwa received Bto
Des Moines 4. Committees were named
to select temporary officers for the con
ventions, make the arrangements and issue
the call. The representation will be the
same as a year ago.
FUBIsISIIEKS OF AMERICA.
Important Topic* Considered by >etcs
paper yi*n.
NEW YORK, N. Y., Feb. 21.— The Araer
ican Newspaper Publishers' Association
held two interesting and important ses
sions at the Hotel Brunswick to-day. The
convention, which ended to-day, was re
garded as one of the most successful ever
held by the association. The forenoon
was devoted to a discussion of the pro
posed reduction of United States ietter
postage to 1 cent for each half ounce.
Congressman Loud explained the proposed
Innovation, and addresses were made by
j Third Assistant Postmaster-General Craisr
I and Finlev Acker of Philadelphia. After
i the addresses the association unanimously
indorsed the Loud bill.
In the afternoon the following topics
were discussc? and referred to the execu
tive committee: ''Lists of Advertising
Agents," "The Leasing of Special Wires by
Telegraph Companies to Clubs" and "Mail
ing Machines."
The following officers were elected: Pres
ident, G. W. Knapp: vice-president, J. A.
Butler; secretary, \V. C. Bryant; treasurer,
H. F. Gunnison; executive committee,
I M. A. Mcßae. S. 11. Kanffman, Fred Dris
coll, Charles H. Taylor Jr. and W. 11. Seif.
WITH BViTTOX'S HEMAIXS.
Arrival of the Strainer Havel at .»»«•
iork.
NEW YORK, N. Y.. Feb. 21. -The
steamer Havel, which reached port this
morning, had on board the remains of
Hon. Theodore Runyon. the late Ameri
can Embassador to Germany.
Contrary to expectations no member of
the Rnnyon family was aboard the Havel,
but Mr. Haskins, son-in-law of the dead
Eiubassador, arrived yesterday on the
Teutonic to look after the funeral arrange
ments.
Mrs. Runyon and her three daughters
will remain in Germany until the early
part of May, when they will return home.
The body was at once taken to the station
of the Delaware, Lacka wanna and Western
Railroad and placed aboard a special car
which was attacned to the 11:15 train for
Newark, N. J.
On arrival in Newark the body will bo
taken direct to St. Paul's Methodist Epis
copal Church, where it will lie in stat«
until Monday, when the funeral services
will be held at 2 v. m.
In the nioantimo Lincoln Post, G. A. EL,
of which Mr. Runyon v, - as a member, will
furnish a guard of honor. After the fun
eral services Monday the body will be
taken to Movmt Pleasant Cemetery, where
it will be placed in a receiving vault, to re
main tnere until the return of the Runyon
family from Germany in May, when it
will rinallv be laid to rest.
NEW TO-DAY.
■ >< $
AND
1 BICYCLES 1
ij| Are used than those- of >®
\% any other make. <•>
Because they are BEST !
POPE Ji/iiiUrAl/ltlilisli CO.,
I L 344 Post St., S. F.. Cal. (i
g Instruction and Renting De- ®
i(g partment— lo7o Pago st., near <§
® Parlt entrance. c&
THIS WEEK Blf, Feb. 17th to 22<L
Dark Winter Underskirts for lail!es .... Sso
Yard-wide Family iluslin, starulani make... 5o
1 rouaers, everything up ro 92, cKmlng . .81 00
Blankets, California wool, gray. 6 tt;S $2 45
llulfy Cotton Vats, bl« rolls, dmc 15c
Embroidery, was 100 and wonh It 3o
B. &a. Celebnued *4 «ut:on M'o--s . .. $2 00
Molasses, Open Kettle, New Orleans. a?aln.. 7">o
able Peacbes, ripe an< luscious 100
Cookies, equal to your grandmothers' 10c
tonree, that urmia .Aureola bleml '20c
Bweet Cider, for mine* pies, quarts 15a
asb Blue, Fidelity, price cut in iwo 100
Keene's Knglish Blue. r> blocks... . .... 5c
Hums, Eastern, KQaranteed, our brand . 12^»o
Pitted Plums, used to bring 'iOc . .... ie
Beehives, enough for everybody ."., • 90c
boap, Babbitt's bes . 21 ....'.'!!'."..' $1 00
Smiths 1 Cash Store,
414, 41 6, 418FR0NTSTtS.F.
il2?n.t?L.ni of lib own . te^Oß.jMMe
•npexlority h»« not ixwn equaiei ily n<i3»a»iXM
iSudM to the menu oi UJT wot*
Office Huuis-i^ to i v. M. . _
THESUCOESS OF THE SEISM
THE LADIES 7 GRILL ROOM
OF THK-
PALACE HOTEL.
DIRECT ENTRANCE FROM MARKET. ST.
OPEXt/^TIL MIDNIGHT.
~ HEALTH HESOHTS.
THE ST. HELESA SASITARIUM,
ST. HELENA. NAPA COUNTY, CAL.
A RATMAL HEALTH RESORT!
Send for Circular.GENERAL MACEO
IS NOT KILLED
No Confirmation That the
Insurgent Leader Died
From Wounds.
BATTLES WITH REBELS.
In All the Engagements the
Spanish, as Usual, Report
Victories.
NUMEROUS MINOR ENCOUNTERS
Refugees Report That the Seaport
Town of Cabanas Has Been
Burned.
HAVANA, Ccba., Feb. 21.— The rumor
ieath of Maceo. reported this morn
ing, rests entirely upon a report made by
Spanish commander of the town or
:colas. He says that a peasant told
him that rebels he had met informed him
that Maceo was dead. There is absolutely
no confirmation cf the report and it is not
■ I even in official circles.
Colonel Hernandez reports that after his
i attack upon the forces of Maceo
■ ornez on Wednesday last he con
•■ his march and found that the
-. after retreating, had taken up a
strong position, which they made a brave
to hold.
The Spanish troops made three bayonet
w ana finally routed the enemy.
oops then entered the town of Cata
-ina, to which the rebels had set rire on
their retreat. TKe troop? prevented the
-ction of the place, although several
nouses were completely destroyed. The
Spanish loss was fifteen wounded. Nine
other soldiers were slightly injured. The
rebel loss is said to be large. The troops
are pursuing the rebels in the direction of
Las Vegas.
A detachment of troops near Jseuey '
Grande has had an encounter with a su- !
perior number of rebels. The troops i
stood their eronnd ana fought tenacious- !
The official report states that the
rebels lost nine killed and fifteen wounded. I
Colonel Am ii an reports from Sanctu
Spiritu that the column commanded by
him has ha>l :'. ve engagements with rebels
under Zera - lez on La Campana
rancn. The Spanish loss is placed at two
the rebels are said to have
I twenty wounded.
Major Peris reports that he lias had an
encounter at Cavo Bujuco. province of
za?, with a party of rebels, resulting
in the usual victory of the Spanish army.
rebels, however, sustained no further
ss ::an four men wounded, including
r. The troops had a lieutenant,
a sergeant and a corporal wounded.
Another victory is reported by Colonel
.- :o, who met a rebel force near San
Juan lie las Vegas, some nine miles soutn
- • ara. Ihree rebels were
I. The Spanish loss was two killed
■.vo wounded.
The authorities have arrested Senor
rector of the newspaper La
Union of Manzanillo, in consequence of
an article published in that paper which
I to come within the topics forbid
y Captain-General Weyler in his
receni proclamation.
. rable uneasiness has been caused
f the discovery of a bomb with a
nefase attached in the Henry Clay
-factory. Whether the placing of
the bomb was dene by rebel sympathizers
or a dissatisfied workman is not known.
Later details of the attack by the forces
rnez and Maceo Tuesday nirht :n
Jaruco, an important town on the railroad
midway between Havana and Matanzas,
show that the insurgents burned all the
records and destroyed the town hall. The
number of prisoners- released by them be
setting the jail on fire was twentv
-Viueeth-er twenty buildings were
' d.
gees who have arrived here from !
evince of Pinrfr del Rio state that j
the seaport town of Cabanas was burned
■ t-dnesday night. The gunboat
. rired on the insurgents, but could i
revent the destruction of the town.
J. Frank Clark.
FITZSIMMONS CHAMPION
Continued from First Page.
• b, and everything gave promise of a
night's ride along the Texas and Mexican
border that would awaic,- the echoes of
mountains. Just before the train
started Fitzsimmons created a panic by
rnsbing over to an inclosure in which was
■d a Mexican lion and attempted to
down the bars. The crowd soucht
taftty in a hurried stampede to the
coaches, but Julian finally induced the
■ < ornishman to desist and return
to his private car.
Dan Muart appeared on the depot plat
.ind after a round-up of the party
jrsal "All aboard" was given. Some
railed for three cheers for Meiico
;. 1 her fightine grounds, and they were
given with a will a« the train sped away.
JIM CORIiEIT CHIRPS.
eady to Fight Fitzsimmons Any
Place on F.arth.
CHICAGO, 111., Feb. 21.— When James
-:-€tt, the actor-pugilist, received the
r F;tzsimnions' victory in the ring.
it the foilowinz telegram to the
; ion at L~ngtry, Tex., being in
ed that, it wonld reach him there:
' ' ome to Chicago as soon as you possi-
I will make a match with you
' any amount to fight any place on
Arrangements can be made at any
I leaTe here to-morrow night and
rcn l. Name the day you will
Btweea the Ist and 6th, and we
o trouble agreeing on terms."
I ivmarket Theater Corbett gave
tor 110,000 to WillJ. Davis, the'
t-airical manager, ts an earnest
■-ion to fight the new champion,
making \j r . i> av i s the temporary siake
roett says he will "fight for any
»f a side bet or none at all, and
only requires forfeit money put up.
W ben a reporter asked Corbett in his
dressing-room at the theater his opinion
of the Mafcer-Fitzsimmons fight he said:
'•I am sorry for Maher, but FiUsimmons
deserves credit for his victory. I thought
it would be a quick fight for one of them,
but that is awfully quick. Fitzsimmons
did a good thing."
"Do you think it was an accident, or that
Maher's condition accounted for his sud
den knock-out?"
'•No, there was no accident. I don't be
lieve in making excuses for the loser.
Fitzsimmons tias licked Maher twice and I
believe in giving him credit for being the
better fighter. lam dead anxious to fight
the winner and I sent him a telegram to
show how eager I am to get down to busi
ness. I will tight him for nothing and go
to England, Australia or South Africa—
anywhere to get a right with him. 1 don'c
want his stuff, only money enough to
mase it an object lor him to fight rather
than crawl out."
The ex-champion went on to talk as if he
still wore the laurel wreath:
"I want him to jump on the first train
and come her". If he wants to fight me he
wili come quick and we can fix up a match
in two minutes. But 1 want the referee
decided on when the match is made. I
will have no long distance talking and will
have nothing to say to Julian. He has no
authority. I want to do business with
Fitzsimmons alone. I defy any man to say
I am bluffing."
Corbett declared he was in first-class
condition, weighed 193 pounds and said he
had never taken better care of himself
since he was born than he had m the last
eighteen months.
Corbett made a speech before the curtain
at the end of the third act, waiting until
that time in the expectation of receiving
an answer to his telegram. He recited the
late Fiizsimruons-L'orbett fiasco to con
vince the multitude of shouting admirers
that the champion had never wanted to
get in the ring with him, and formally
issued his challenge. After reading the
telegram sent to Fitzsimnions he handed
Will J. Davis, manager of the theater,
$1000 in bills as a guarantee of gooo. faith,
saying that he would tight Fitzsimrnons or
any man in the world at any place and for
any amount. "There are three placeß right
now where we can tight," said Corbett;
"the city of London, any place in England
and in Australia."
ED SillTH'S CHALLENGE.
••Denver" Anxious to Fight the
Victorious Cornishman.
CINCINNATI, Ohio, Feb. 21.— "Denver"
Ed Smith, conqueror of Joe Goddard, who
has whipped Choynski, Maher and others,
to-night challenged Fitzsiramons for the
championship of the world, the rr.eeting
to be in private or public, as Fitzsimmons
prefers, for from $5000 to $20,000 a side and
a purse. Smith thinks Fitzsimmons
should ignore all challenges from Corbett
until he has met the Australian.
Local sports are greatly surprised over
the outcome of the Fiizsimmons-Maher
contest. "While the general opinion was
that Fitzsimmons should win all marvel
over the wonderful quickness in which he
disposed of his antagonist. The actor, Sir
Henry Irving, in an interview expressed
the greatest surprise. He had expected a
draw at the least. There was no betting
here of any consequence, owing to the un
certainty of a fight.
ANDERSON, Ixc, Feb. 21.— George
Dixon, the colored lightweight champion
pugilist of the world, was here to-day en
route from El Paso, Tex. He said he
stopped heje just to get a rest from the
long train ride. He predicted that Fitz
siramons would not have much of a job in
defeating Maher, because of the latter's
eyes being in a bad condition, and any one
to meet the Australian must have a good
eye. Dixon said he did not care much to
see the right, and besides he did not feel
safe. He added: "Those rangers down
there are dead stuck to kill somebody, and,
being a negro, I would be the rirst good
mark. Everybody in Texas has a rifle on
his shoulder or a gun in his belt, and they
all call themselves rangers. I am not
afraid of knuckles or gloves, but I do not
care about righting i regular army."
LOOT OF A COUNTRY BANK.
Two Men Blew Open the Safe
and Carried Off All the
Cash.
They Worked With Boldness in the
Night, but Left No Clew
Behind.
LAWRENCE, Kaics.. Feb. 21.— The bank
at McLouth, twelve miles north of here, in
Jefferson County, was robbed last night.
Two men entered and blew open the safe,
securing $2,500 in cash.
When Cashier C. H. Steper entered the
bank at 9 o'clock this morning he dis
covered that during the night the bans
had been robbed. The thieves entered the
building by breaking the screen out of the
window of the directors' room and then
prying up the Basil. A hole was drilled
r.ver tne combination of the lock to the
vault, then witn a punch the catch was
driven back. Four laree fenceposts were
taken into the vault as braces, and after
the safe had been drilled it was blown
open.
Steper found everything in confusion.
Lime and papers covered the floor, and
nothing of value remained except personal
notes. Depositors will not lose, as the
funds are fully insured in the Fidelity
Company. There is no clew to the rob
bers.
ALL FAVOR ARBITRATIOy.
English liberal* Willing to Settle the
Controversy.
LONDON, Bno., Feb. 21.-Right Hon. !
Sir Henry Hartley Fowler, some time |
president of the local Government Board j
and Secretary for India, has informed the j
Daily News that he strongly favors the ;
plan for the appointment of a joint com
mittee to settle the Venezuelan question.!
It wou'd be, he says, a great mistake to
waste time in haggling. The details are I
insignificant in comparison with the su- !
preme importance of an immediate agree- I
ment on a difficulty, which left unsettled,
might suddenly assume a serious aspect.
The Daily News declares that the whole |
Liberal party shares the viewa expressed ;
by Sir Henry.
Treatury Gold Reserve.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Feb. 21.-The
treasury sold reserve at the close of busi
ness to-day was 1108)490,648. The with
drawals of the day were $.347,800. This is
the first time since September 7, 1895, that
the gold reserve has been intact. Official
treasury figures show that of the $111,005,
--000 f'ir which the new bonds sold, $87.7 ii
-563 has been paid in. Of this amount
165,528.988 28 has been "taken up" in
treasury cash.
Mil Xye'M Condition.
ARHEVILLE, N. C, Feb. 21.— "Bill"
Nye's physicians said 10-night that «orae
of their patient's symptoms are slightly
more favorable than they have been for
several days. Last evening he recognized
his daughters for the first time since their
return from Washington. While his con
dition was a little more favorable it is not
material enough to give positive hope of
recovery.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 22, 1896.
IVAN KDVALEV
DIES AT FOLSOM
The Slayer of the Wehers
Collapses on the
Gallows.
MAKES NO CONFESSION.
He Is Shot Through the Trap
Within a Minute After Leav
ing His Cell.
FEAR CHEATS THE HANGMAN.
Dread of His Doom Leaves the Wretch
As One Dead Before the Noose
Is Adjusted.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Feb. 21.— One
minute after Warden Aull turned the key,
opened the door of Ivan Kovalev's cell
and the murderer of the Webers stepped
out, be was hanging, an inert mass of hu
man clay, at the end of a rope. The exe
cution was carried out so quickly that
almost before the prisoner could realize
that he stood upon the gallows and that
his last moment bad come he was shot
through the trap into eternity.
At an early hour this morning Kovalev,
after a troubled and broken nisht's sleep,
left his cot and paced slowly up and down
the narrow confines of his cell. His eyps
had that non-seeing, far-away look which
was so characteristic and so much re
marked upon during his late trial, and
which had so much to do with persuading
his counsel that his mind had become a
blank. His fellow-countryman, who had
passed the night in the same cell, at
tempted to engage him in conversation,
but with absolutely no success, a3 all he
could be induced to say was:
"Let me alone; let me alone."
Later a tempting breakfast was brought
into the cell, but Kovaiev absolutely re
fused to touch it. When liquor was of
fered him he shook his head, and all that
he could be induced to swallow was a slice
of bread and a glass of milk. Spiritual
advisers, either priest or minister, he
would not see. He had always expressed
doubt of the existence of a Creator, and
believed that when a man died it was the
end of him.
There are many who witnessed the exe
cution who claim that Kovalev had always
cherished the belief that he would never
be executed, and that notwithstanding the
fact that he had been solemnly informed
that there was no possible hope for him,
he in reality believed ail that was told him
was for the purpose of frightening him
into confessing his participation in the
crime for which nis life was forfeited.
The}- believe that when the cell door
swung open and he obeyed the command
to walk out even then he did not realize
that he was to die' Nor was it until the
straps had been put around his limbs and
the noose tightened around his throat
that his dull intellect fully realized that
this meant death.
Then came a total collapse, a tremor
ran through him, his limbs suddenly
gave way and Ivan Kovalev was practi
cally dead from fear as the trap fell and he
shot to the end of the rope. Tnere was no
struggle after ne dropped, only a nervous
twitching of his fingers and feet, which
lasted about four minutes.
After the execution an autopsy was held
by Drs. F. D. Tyrrell and C. L. Browneil
and it was found that Kovalev'a spine had
been slightly fractured in two places by
the fall through the trap. This was prob
ably occasioned by the limp condition of
the body, owing to the sudden collapse of
his physical powers as the drop waa made.
Hi3 brain was found to be in a normal con
dition and weighed slightly more than the
average.
K.ILLIXG OF THE WERERa.
Kovalev'a Crime and the Incidents Which
Led to ttis Capture.
The crime for the commission of which
Kovalev suffered the death penalty was a
particularly brutal and atrocious murder
with robbery as the motive. His victims,
Mr. and Mrs. F. S. H. Weber, were emi
nently respectable residents of Sacramento.
Mr. Weber conducted a grocery-store op
posite the State Capitol, and the family
residence was in the same building over
the store.
On the night of December 29, ISO4, after
Mr. Weber had closed the store and he and
his wife were about to retire, their home
was entered by the robbers, who, the evi
dence in the case has shown, had been
watching their opportunity for some days.
On the day of the murder the Southern
Pacific had paid its employes, and Weber,
who supplied many of the railroad men,
was known to have received considerable
money.
Kovalev and his companions in crime,
for it is known he had at least one, and it
is believed two companions, noted the re
ceipt of tue money, and that night con
cealed themselves about the premises con
veniently for the execution of their in
tended robbery.
As the robbers entered the family apart
ments they encounteied Mr. W r eber on a
porch in the rear of the kitchen, and one
of them dealt him a blow with an ax that
ended his life. Mrs. Weber, hearing the
noise, went into the kitchen, as is sup
posed, and seeing the awful work in
progress turned to flee, when she, too, was
killed.
The investigation that followed the dis
covery of the murder proved the crime
had been committed for the purpose of
robbery, as the house had been ransacked
from o'ne end to the other. It is known
the murderers secured several hundredjdol
lar?, but the exact amount has never been
known.
The investigation also developed the fact
that once outside the house the murderers
went to an old shed in the yard and there
took off their outer clothing and put on
garments stolen from the house of tue peo
ple they had killed.
The crime created great excitement at
Sacramento, and as one result all the
tramps and bad characters who could be
rounded up were driven from the city.
Rewards of considerable amounts were
offered and a great deal of detective work
was done on the case, but for some time to
no purpose. Following out what appeared
to be valuable clews, the Sprout brothers
were arrested and discharged at the pre
liminary examination, as was also "Shy
Red," whose real name was Landt.
It was 'ome months after the murder
that the first real clew pointing to the mur
derers was discovered. A man named Ben
nett called one day on Captain Lees, chief
of detectives of this City, and informed
him that a photographer named Stevens
had told him that he knew who the Weber
murderers were and wanted him (Bennett)
to furnish money to go to Sacramento to
claim the reward. Bennett's statement
was not very explicit and Captain Lees
took very little stock in it, but told him to
bring Stevens to headquarters. Bennett
failed to do so, and detectives were sent to
see Stevens. He knew very little of the
affair, but referred the detectives to Waii
wialaw Zakrewski. a Kussian Finn, a ship
carpenter, who furnished the police with
the story of the murder.
Zakrewski made a statement to Captain
Lees to the effect that he had first met
Kovaiev, or John Durbroff, as he then
nave his name, in August, 1894. He met
him several times later, and in February
Kovalev hud taken a room at his house.
In the latter part of the month Zukrewski
got Kovalev drunk, and while intoxicated
Kovalev toid the story of the murders. He
described how he and a companion had
watched the-Weber place for three days;
how they had gone to the house at* 10
o'clock the fatal night; how one of them
had hid benind a uoor on the porch while
the other waited in the yard; how old man
Weber had come out with a candle, and
how he had been struck on the head
with an ax. Zakrewski gave all the de
tails of the crime as told to him by Ko
valev.
Captain Lees went to work on the infor
mation obtained from Zakrewski, and
shortly afterward found one George Peti
tion, who had also known Kovalev, or
Durbroff, for the real name of the murderer
has not yet been learned. Petition and
Kovalev were arrested on New \ ear's day,
1695, for being drunk, and Kovalev pre
ferred a charge of grand lnrceny against
his companion, which was dismissed the
next day. The night they spent in jail
Petition saw a watch in Kovalev's posses
sion with Mrs. Weber's initials on it, but
the next day the watch was cone, and it
was subsequently found among some re
fuse by an attache of the jail. This led
to the arrest of "shy Red, 1 ' and when he
was dbcharged the police were confident
the murderer of the Webers had been in
jail. It was through this incident the
police secured Petition as a witness and
got the inlormation he possessed. He told
of reading the papers to Kovalev, when
the latter would ask eagerly to have the
Sacramento news read.-
Petition identified tue watch in the pos
session of the police as the one Kovalev
had worn, and all he knew pointed 10 Ko
valev as the murderer. Finally a shoe
maker named Davis, on Third street, was
found for whom Kovalev had worked pre
vious to the murder. The three suits of
domes found in the shed the morning
after the murder were brought to San
Francisco and shown to Davis. He identi
fied a pair of trousers as having been worn
by Kovaiev, and ine police tlien believed
they had sufficient evidence to warrant an
arrest.
The murderer was arrested on the night
or June 21, at 715 Howard street, this City,
by Captain Lees and Detective Cody. He
was in bed, and with him Arnold Levin,
who was also placed under arrest. Levin
was not suspected of being connected with
the murder, but was suspected of being in
possession of valuable information. He
was suDsequently discharged from cus
tody.
In the meantime a man |named Dowdi
gan had been stopped by footpads at tsan
Jose. He used his Kniie on one of them,
and the next morning the corpse of tne
highwayman was found in a vacant lot.
The murdered man was known as Ma
thewski, but subsequent events Droved that
he was Matnewski Stcherbakov, and that
Kovalev had been his accomplice. It was
also believed Dowdigan's knife-thrust had
not killed Stcherbakov, and that fearing
he would reyeal his knowledge of the
Weber murder Kovalev had finished him,
as three knife-wounds were founa in the
body, and Dowdipan insisted he only in
flicted one of them.
After the arrest of Kovalev the body of
Stcherbabov was examined at San Jose,
and the coat and vest found on it were
identified as having come from the Weber
home. The evidence gathered by the de
tectives of this City was so strong against
Kovalev tnat the jury deliberated but a.
few minutes before returning a verdict oi
FRESNO COUNTY ROADS.
Messrs. Irvine and Maude Argue
for Improvements on the
Highways.
Would Greatly Increase the Value of
Land— Use of Wide Tires
Advocated.
FRESNO, Cai., Feb. 21.— Messrs. Maude
and Irvine of the Good Roads Commission
of California attended a public meeting
here this afternoon at the courthouse.
which was attended by the Board of
Supervisors and a large number of farmers
and fruit-growers of the county.
Commissioner Irvine, in a speech of
great length, gave a detailed account of
the Commissioners' investigation of the
public highways of the State. The speaker
said that himself and associate had
traveled in private conveyances over 3500
miles of roads in the past few nionts.
Speaking of Santa Clara County, wnich he
designated as the banner good roads
county of California, he said :
"In Santa Clara County we traveled
over more roads than in any other county.
More than 370 miles of public roads in
that county are watered regularly in the
dry season, beginning with the first ap
pearance of dust in the spring. Much of
the water is supplied from wells bored for
the purpose. In Santa Cruz County horse
power pumps are provided on some of the
muds."
The use of water on the roads is, in Mr.
[rvine'a opinion, one of the most econom
ical and satisfactory methods for keeping
them in good condition. Referring to the
importance of good roads aside from the
comfort c' the traveler, Mr. Irvine said:
"Good roads will greatly enhance the
value of adjoining property."
An instance was recited wherein persons
who went to Sonoma County to purchase
iand were well pleased with the properly,
but refused to buy where roads were so
poor. They went to Santa Clara County
and paid more for land.
The speaker said that some people
claimed that bicycles had ruined the horse
business. San Jose was the best wheel
town in the State, and also the best horse
town. Bicyclists favored good roads, and
where there were pood roads there Would
be- more driving.
The speaker was most emphatic in the
assertion that the roads were greatly in
jured by narrow tires, heavily-loaded
wagons cutting and grinding them into
powder. With a wide tire a horse could
start and haul a much heavier load than
with a. narrow tire. They also benefited
the roads. In Santa Cruz County the road
sprinklers carried 1500 gallons of water
weighing 12,0u0 pounds; the wagons
weighed 3000 pounds. They had six-inch
tires, which did not track, and therefore
in passing, they acted as rollers and as
sisted in packing the road.
He snoke encouragingly of the efforts of
Fresno's Supervisors to inaugurate an era
of wide tires for all heavy teaming.
A &A.CRAMESTO UECISIOX.
Slaaona Can Be Expelled for Joining the
Cincan Scottish Rite.
SA.CRAMEXTO, Cal., Feb. 21.— Judge
Catlin rendered a decision to-day that is of
great interest to members of the Masonic
order. P. S. Lawson brought an action to
restrain the officers of the Grand Chapter
from expelling him for joining what is
known as the Cinean Scottish Rite, an
organization that is claimed to be false
Masonry. The officials demurred to the'
complaint, and the arguments occupied
several days.
Judge Catlin has sustained the demurrer,
and therefore holds that the Grand Cnapter
has the right to expel a member of the
| order for joining the Cinean Rite.
WRECKED IN
ST. JOSEPHS BAY
The Cutter Corwin Picks
Up the Crew of the
Wanderer.
ADVENTURES IN A GALE.
Five Seamen Washed Ashore
After Their Vessel Was
Ground to Pieces.
THEIK PROVISIONS EXHAUSTED
One Is Weak From Starvation When
Rescued by the Government
Steamer.
VICTORIA, B. C, Feb. 21.— The United
States revenue cutter Corwin to-day landed
her crew of five men of the Victoria sealer
Wanderer, wrecked on the west coast of
Vancouver Island, near its northern ex
tremity. The men were on the point of
starvation when Captain Munger came to
their assistance. The Corwin had started
on an errand ol mercy in behalf of another
British vessel, the missing Cadzow For
est, of which, however, nothing was seen.
The Wanderer's crew consisted of Harry
Parsons, master; William Keefe, mate;
Julian Myers, cook, and Frank Rapper
and Frank Wilkes, seamen. The schooner
was the tiniest of the sealing fleet, being of
but twenty-five tons register. It left here
on January 21, bound for Nootka, thereto
take on Indian hunters. It was in diffi
cult}' from the first, because of heavy
winds and seas, which resulted in the rud
der and most of the sails being carried
away.
With great difficulty the Wanderer made
St. Josephs Bay, near the head of Van
couver Isiand, on January 29 and there
dropped anchor, but after dark the chains
parted and the schooner was driven ashore
so hard that its stern was almost imme
diately carried away. The crew managed
to launch a boat and, though it capsized
in the surf, ali were washed ashore. They
had saved nothing except a chrouometer
and a portion of the ship's paDers, and
before daylight their vessel was com
pletely broken ud.
Some provisions were washed ashore
and also one of the sails, food and shelter
being thus providentially provided. A
little camp was established on the beach,
but the following night the sleepers were
aroused by a lush of water to find that all
their stores had been washed away.
Higher up on the beach they recovered
some of the canned provisions. The cook
had brought off some matches, protected
by a rubber sack, and they were therefore
able to kindle a tire and cook pancaked on
a shovel, which had washeil ashore.
Thus they kept themselves alive for
j more than a week, when, their provisions
being exhausted and the weather having
moderated, they took to their boat and
made for Quatsino, some twenty-five miles
distant. A High sea filled the boat as they
launched it, and Seaman Wilkes therefore
refused to risk the passage, and had to be
left behind. At Quatsino they were taken
care of by the lightkeeper, until a week
later the Corwin came along and offered to
carry them back to Victoria. Captain
Munger also volunteered to go to St.
Josephs Bay for the seaman who had
stayed there.
A surf boat, in command of the first
lievtenant, succeeded, with great diffi
culty, in making a landing and taking
Wilkes off. He was very weak from starva
tion and could not have survived much
longer.
That the whole crew has come safely
through the long series of misfortunes
seems miraculous. The circumstances of
their rescue by the Corwin will add
strength to the demand being made upon
the Canadian Government to establish
means of communication along the coast
of Vancouver Island and keep in commis
sion at Victoria a vessel ready to go out at
any time to the relief of vessels reported in
trouble.
INDIAN DAY AT PfHENIX.
Red Men Give an Exhibition of Native
Games and Sports to Carnival
Visitors.
PHOENIX, Ariz., Feb. 21.— This was In
dian day at the Midwinter Carnival. In
the morning all the Indians now encamped
here participated in an exhibition of their
native sports ana games. These were ex
tremely interesting, including running
races, tests of physical endurance, riding
and dancing. Representatives of the dif
ferent tribes were also lined up>, and each
expressed himself by giving vent to a
good -sized war-whoop.
In the afternoon the pupils of the In
dian school near here gave an exhibition
and received the citizens of Phoenix.
Speaking, singing and reciting were the
order. The exercises of the day concluded
to-night with an illuminated parade. The"
special feature of this was the presence of
the 600 Indian pupils. Their fine appear
ance was much commented upon. To
morrow, "cowboy day," is the last day of
the carnival.
Til E WIT. hO W8 TRIAL,.
Witness Furnith Olmm Contradietory
Evidence on Croat- Examination.
WILLOWS", Feb. 21.— S. J. Furnish was
recalled to the stand this morning, when
the trial of Editor Sehorn for the, murder
of Druggist Putman was resumed. Fur
nish's evidence was very contradictory,"
and he was apparently endeavoring to
shield the prisoner. He declared that he
had heard Sehorn tell Putman that if he
owed the druggist anything he would pay.
Ke did not hear the editor call his antag
onist a liar. ; ,
C. C. Adams of San Francisco was in
Willows on the day of the homicide and
witnessed the killing of Putman. He
heard Sehorn ask Putman if he owed him
$4. rutman claimed that the $4 wa3 due
him. Something about a receipt was men
tioned. Putman wanted Sehorn to come
around in the morning, but Sehorn wanted
the matter adjuster then. Adams saw a
blow delivered as Sehorn was moving
away. He was not sure that Sehorn's
body touched tlie sidewalk. Putman fol
lowed up the blow rapidly.
On cross-examination Adams said that
Sehorn, Furnish and himself had gone to
the scene of the killing together. Mrs.
Sehorn appeared on the scene and endea
vored to get her husband to go away, and
he would not. When Sehorn drew his re
volver Putman was leaning against the
awning-post, smoking a cigar.
Alfonso Burgi, the next witness, said be
saw Sehorn turning to go away, when Put
man struck him a blow. On cross-exami
nation he admitted that he was in the em
t>loy of Sehorn and wanted to see him ac
quitted. He had visited him very fre
quently in jail. Burgi was the last wit
ness examined.
SAN JOSE'S BANDIT.
It Is Believed the Outlaw Was Badly
Wounded and Did Not Get Far
Away.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Feb. 21.— The Sheriff's
office and the police havej maintained
a search all day for the man who held up
Charles Berryman and who was the prin
cipal in the fusillade of shots exchanged
with the police and constables last even
ing, but nothine has been found that will
give a clew to his whereabouts.
Blood was discovered on the roof of the
Pfister building on Santa Clara street,
between Third and Fourtii, this morning,
and it is now almost certain that after the
robber passed through the garden next to
the Bristol Hotel he gained the roof of the
Prister building by means of a ladder and
lay in hiding must of the night. It is be
lieved the robber is badly wounded and
has not got very far away.
Rush for Colville Homes.
SPOKANE, Wash., Feb. 21.— The rush
for the gold fields on the Colville Indian
reservation, which began yesterday, wns
resumed by sunrise this morning. It is
impossible to give the number who have
gone into the new region, but it will run
up into the thousands. Serious trouble is
expected when the advance guard of the
rush finds that the "sooners" have located
on the richest claims in advance, as the
"sooners" are prepared to hold their loca
tions against "jumpers" by force of arms
STANFORD CO-EDS WIN
Castilleja Hall Girls Defeated
in the Basket-Ball
Contest.
But One Goal Is Made, and That
During the Last Minute
of the Play.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Cal., Feb.
21. — The Stanford "co-eds," in a game of
basket-ball this afternoon, defeated a team
from Castilleja Hall by a score of 4 to 0.
The contest was witnessed by hundreds of
students and faculty members.
During the first part of the game there
were few hot rallies. Toward the end of
the game, however, the players warmed
up to their work, and being very evenly
matched, the plays were hot and furious.
Tumbles were frequent and the girls, with
flushed cheeks and disheveled hair, tossed
each other about in a most unceremonious
manner, fell in heaps and scrambled after
the elusive ball just as earnestly as the
Varsity footballers would in a struggle
with Berkeley.
Miss McCray. the captain of the Stan
ford team, played the "star" game, but '
was very closely matched by Miss Mayne, ;
the captain of the Castiiiejo team. The '
Misses Kicfei, Decker and Rvan did noble
work for Stanford, but it looked as though
the score would end in a tie until the last j
minute of the play, when Miss Kiefer
made a goal for her side.
Basket-ball has come to stay, and the in
novation finds friends among those who j
believe that a woman should be more j
than a delicate and fragile plant, disci- .
plined so rigidly by society's law that 10 '
move other than languorously were a sin. !
NEW TO-DAY.
STORMED!
Talk about War ! Our store has been fairly stormed the past
week by crowds eager to capture our remarkable bargains in made-
to-order Suits, so we have decided to continue the sale another week.
$io.ooT
We will make to order a per-
fect fitting suit, in blue or black
cheviot, guaranteed fast color, all
wool, for $10. You can't get the
same goods for less than $20 of
any other tailor.
$13.50
Pays for a made-to-order Three-
button Cutaway Suit, black clay
worsted, guaranteed fast color,
elegantly tailored and finely
trimmed. Same suit usual price
at tailor's, $25.
$15.00.
Black and blue serge, all wool,
22-oz., guaranteed fast color,
makes a handsome suit, made to
order for $15. Other tailors
charge $28 for same goods.
COLUMBIAN WOOLEN MILLS
WHOLESALE TAILORS,
541 MARKET STREET, S. F.
Do not be deceived by firms using a similar name. Only branch house
in San Francisco — 211 Montgomery street.
TACOMA STRIKES
AT CORRUPTION
Park Commissioner Isaac
W. Anderson Is
Ousted.
CONVICTED OF BRIBERY.
Evidence Against Him Deemed
Conclusive by the Council
Committee.
THE TRIAL OF M'CAULEY.
Ex-Cashier Peters Refuses to Answer
Questions Implicating the Accused
Ex-City Treasurer.
TACOMA, Wash., Feb. 21.— The council
committee investigating the charges
against Park Commissioner Isaac W.
Anderson, who is the president of the
Tacoma Land Company, found him guilty
by ar. almost unanimous vote and ousted
him from the position of park commis
sioner.
The charges against Anderson were mis
representation in the sale of the water and
light plant to the city, and bribery and
corruption in connection with that trans
fer. City Attorney Wickersham, conducted
prosecution of the charges.
The testimony of one of Anderson's
tools, Fred E. King, that he had received
$40 to help carry elections for Anderson's
candidates, had a strong bearing In the in
vestigation. W. F. Clarke, J. C. Newell,
\V. H. Morrisey and J. A. Claremont also
testified to having received money from.
Anderson to help carry elections. No
defense was made by Anderson.
The talcing of evidence in the trial of
ex-City Treasurer J. \V. McCauley, charged
with making a protit out of public funds
by drawing interest on money deposited,
in the Columbia National Bank, now de
funct, was finished to-day. The case is
delayed by the refusal of a witness, W. G.
Peters, ex-cashier of the institution, to
answer questions on the ground that his
replies might incriminate himself. Ha
repeatedly refused to state whether Mc-
Cauley ever deposited money with him.
The prosecuting attorney dwelt upon
the danger to the public that would come
from the custom of allowing treasurers to
draw interest on public deposits. The
Legislature had declared that such an act
was a crime and had provided a punish
ment. He cited the fact that the balances
on the city's deposits in this bank in
creased from $65,0u0 in the beginning of
July to $100,000 at the time the bank
ciosed its doors, as an example of how the
public interests might and did suffer from
such method of doing business. He then
reviewed the evidence, being interrupted
occasionally by the defendant's counsel
because of aliened incorrectness in his
statements regarding the testimony.
The case will go to the jury to-morrow.
34
SANTA ROSANS
TO CELEBRATE
Visitors Will Be Shown the
New Water Works
To-Day.
PRIDE OF THE PEOPLE.
Were Secured by a Secret Sale
of Bonds and Paid for in
Advance.
COMPLETE IN EVERY DETAIL.
Combined Pumping and Gravity Sys
tem Constructed Within Five
Months.
SANTA ROSA, Cal.. Feb. 2L— After
four rears of constant struggle and bitter
litigation the city water works of Santa
Rosa are fully completed and in successful
operation. The success of the project in
such a short space of time exceeds the
hope f its most sanguine supporters, and
is a credit to the city and those who
plan .ed and Duilt the works. The opposi
tion from the small but powerful minority
was eminently successful for a time, and it
seemed that the spoken will of three
fourths of the people would be thwarted.
To-morrow visitors from the sur nding
towns will be shown tbe new sy a and
the day will be one of merry-n i .ing in
Santa Rosa. Several Mayors t 1 City
Councils will be present and the. will be
escorted from the depots by bands and
feted by local citizens. Tests of the system
will be made, and it will be a proud day
for Sonoma County's metropolis.
When the Rancho Cabeza de Santa Kosa
was settled upon by Salvador Vallejo, the
Carrillos, the Bolios and oihei Spanish-
American families, their farmhouses of
adobo, some of which are Btill (standing,
were erected near the junction of Bennett
and Santa Rosa creeks. These streams,
straight from the cool mountains, rippled
across the plain from widely different
sources to join at the very doors of the
pioneers. Shaded by tall trees while in
the valley and purified by filtering through
the gravelly beds, they furnished a never
failing supply of pure, cool water.
Sonoma was then the county seat and
one of the few towns of note in the
Stile. But this cluster of adobe houses,
centrally located at the crossroads of Bo
dega. Sonoma and the Russian River coun
trv. was. for these reasons, destined to be
the leading town of this section.
It was in 1850 that the first store was
built by David Mallagh, he being soon
joined by two sturdy and enterprising
piuneers —P. G. Hahman and Barney
Hoen. They created the nucleus of the
present City of Roses.
The question of removing the county
seat from Sonoma poon began to be agi
tated in the new settlement, and a most
exciting election was held in 1553. J. W.
Bennett wtl the candidate for the Legisla
ture favored by Santa Rosans, while So
noma was ably represented by Colonel
Joseph Hooker, widely known a few years
later as "'Fighting Joe" Hooker. The
election resulted in a tie between Bennett
and Hooker, and at the special election
held afterward Bennett was chosen. The
Legislature met at Vallejo that year, and
toward the close of the session Bennett
succeeded in having a bill passed author
izing a vote on the question of changing
the county seat, which resulted in Santa
Rosa being selected.
Ihe now rapidly growing town soon
spread away from the creek banks, and a
public water system other than the town
pump became necessary. Due east about
a mile and at an elevation of forty or fifty
feet above the town site were several
natural springs of excellent water. These,
which are still flowing and are only a few
hundred feet from the wells of the new
city water works, belonged to a man
named Williams. To distinguish him
from others of that name in the locality
he was called "Bridge" Williams, from
the fact that a small bridge stood neat his
residence.
"Bridge" Williams, some time in the
early sixties laid a 2-inch iron pipe from
the springs into town, through which the
water flowed by force of gravity, smaller
pipes being used to convey it to the houses
of consumers within the town limits. This
primitive system, together with the wells
about town, afforded an ample supply of
water for many years, and it was not until
some time in the seventies tnat the need of
more water for fire protection and domes
tic use became apparent.
Accordingly, a company was organized
and incorporated by the following citizens:
Jackson Temple, Charles G. Ames, E. T.
Farmer, F. G. Haliman, James Clark and
Daniel Davidson.
The plant of "Bridge" Williams was
•bsorbed and stock in the new company
issued to Mr. Williams in payment there
for. This company placed a dam at the
intersection of Los Alamos and Santa
Kosa creeks, three miles east of town, and
constructed a reservoir on the summit of a
smali hill near by; but, through faulty
construction, the newly built reservoir
leaked so badly that it was soon aDan
doned.
At the time of incorporation tne stock
holders of the new company entered into
a tacit agreement that none should sell
his water stock to a non-resident without
the consent of the others. In the year
1>77, however, soms of the incorporators,
becoming aware that a purchaser could be
found in the person of Colonel Mark L.
McDonald, secretly sold out, and the re
maining owners, fearing the expense of
contemplated improvements, soon fol
lowed suit. The Santa Rosa Water Com
pany, with Mark L. McDonald as presi
dent, was then formed and extensive im
provements commenced.
About a niiie below the old dam the
channel of the stream widens into a little
valley flanke'd on either side by low hills
thus forming a natural site for a large res
ervoir. At an expense of $15,000 a stone
dam was erected across the lower enri of
tne little valley, and a lake of 100,000 000
gallons capacity, called Lake Kalphine
was thereault. Mains were laid into the
city, and for ten or twelve years the sup
ply of water thus obtained was sufficient
for the city's use.
Tho annual income of the water com
pany during this time has been estimated
i»t :f::.-\OOO, and little or no complaint of
the quality or quantity was ever heard.
For the past four of live years the supply
has not equaled the demand at times, and
the quality at the extremes of the seasons
was not of the best. In dry years the water
couid not be made to flow to the second
floors of many houses, and the use of .
water for irrigating purposes was re- j
stricted at intervals.
Both of the local papers published here
at that time began to advocate municipal
ownership and control of the water supply, j
The City Council in 1891 appointed a sub
committee to investigate the water ques- I
tion, it consisting of M. Doyle. J. P.
Overton and G. A. Tupper. The commit
tee reported as follows:
"After a thorough investigation of the
water supply and the management, we
have come to the conclusion that it is im
peratively necessary that the city own and
operate its own system of water works."
In April of the following year a Mayor
and six city councilmen pledged to city |
ownership o! the water supply were j
elected. E. T. Woodward, the newly !
chosen executive, pointed out in his first j
message the fact that the inhabitants of j
Santa Kosa were paying out nearly $24,- j
000 per year for water, and proposed that
the city issue bonds for $200,000, with j
which to purchase and improve the system
then in use. The special committee ap
pointed to wait on the president of the
water company} reported that Colonel
McDonald had tendered an offpr in writ
ing to sell the works for $210,000. On in- I
vestigation by competent engineers it
was found that it would cost $12.\'J00 ad
ditional to repipe the city, and that it was
absolutely necessary to do so. As the ag
gregate sum of $320,000 was deemed more i
than the taxpayers could stand the offer
was rejected.
At or near this time the Insurance Union
of San Francisco sent an expert, A. D.
Smith, to investigate the water supply at
Santa Rosa. Mr. Smith spent several
days here, and in a lengthy report to the
union stated that the water was poor in
quality and insufficient in quantity; that
at times the water was unfit to drink and
that the pressure was not over twenty-five
pounds. He concluded his report by rec
ommending an increase of insurance in
Santa Rosa.
Experimental borings near the old
W. P. COWEN, CITY ATTORNEY OF SANTA ROSA.
[From a recent photograph.]
"Bridge" Williams Springs have satisfied |
the Council that an aburdance of aqua j
pura could be obtained from flowing wells, j
and an analysis by State Analyst \V. B. :
Rising proved the water to be of unusual j
excellence. A proposition to bond the city i
for $IGO,GOO for a pumping and gravity sys- !
tern combined, according to plans and es- |
timates prepared by Mr. Moujean was sub- !
mitted to the people. The special election !
called for this purpose was hotly contested, j
but the proposition was finally ratified by j
a vote of nearly three to one.
Bids were called for, and when they j
were opened the lowest was found to be !
that of Robert Effey, Mayor of Santa
Cruz, and the contract was accordinglv i
let to him for $161,000.
Bonds for $165,000 bearing 4 per cent in- i
tereßt have already been issued. These j
bonds were made payable in "lawful '
CONTRACTOR PAUL B. PERKINS, WHO CONSTRUCT* D THE SANTA ROSA
WATER WORKS.
[From a recent photograph.]
money," which did not suit those con
templating their purchase, so new bonds
payable in "sold coin" were substituted.
Tne opponents of the enterprise, who
had organized under the name of tne Tax
payers' Union, now raised a question as to
tho validity of the bonds, ana an agreed
case entitled SJrinner vs. tne City of Santa
Rosa was submitted to the Supreme Court
and decided adversely to the city.
Again new bonds were issued and placed
in the money market for sale, but without
success, and a failure of tne project seemed
inevitable. More than three years had
elapsad since the water question wft* first
actively agitated. A good deal of the
city's money had been spent and nothing
accomplished. Onlv seven months re
mained for the Council to fulfill its pledges
and it was decided that new tactics must
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 22, 1896.
,be pursued. Some of the leading citizens
I known to be friendly to the scheme were
I taken into the confidence of the Council
i and a plan of action outlined.
Knowing that an open sale of the bonds
j would result in tedious litigation ; that the
I opposition would probably tie up the
i money thus obtained for an indefinite
time, it was finally decided to try to out
wit those who antagonized the movement.
The bonds were accordingly secretly sold.
Of the money thus obtained $161,000 was
paid in advance to Contractor Effey for
the erection and construction of the works.
In order to insure a faithful compliance
j with the terms of the contract, however,
a large cash bond was required and given
j by Mr. Effey, amply securing the'eity.
i Mayor Ki'iey- having assigned the contract
: to Paul B. Perkins, a targe bond was like
i wise required of and given bv the latter
i gentleman, and the greater p"art of the
i population here was electrified, one fine
I morning in October last, by seeing the
| work actively commenced.
j The opponents of the proposition were
paralyzed by the boldness of this unex
pected move. One excitable citizen, who
j had no water rate to pay, but feared a
I raise of taxes, rushed into "the District At-
I torney's otiice and demanded a warrant of
j arrest for the Mayor and members of the
Council. To obtain an injunction would
necessitate the giving of a bond for three
! or four hundred thousand dollars, out of
j which must come all consequential dam
ages, and this idea had to be abandoned.
The variegated; and sensational legal
j maneuvers on both sides since are well
j known to the readers of The Call and
j they are still being carried on; but the
I consensus of opinion here is that the now
j fully completed works will not be seriously
affected by anv proceedings in court which
| may follow. W. P. Cowen, City Attorney
of Santa Rosa, has borne the brunt of the
battle during times when one false step
meant total failure to the enterprise.
The flowing wells from which the main
water supply will be taken are seven in
number. They are bored into the second
stratum of gravel underlying the valley and
encased in eight-inch iron tubing. This
supply of water is practically inexhaust
ible, draining the natural filterage of the
substratum of gravel which underlies the
valley from hills to hills, a distance of 3000
feet. They have been steamed, removing
all silt, sand and foreign substances, leav
ing the clean pebbly rock, thus creating a
perfect underground filtering reservoir.
There are also extensive pumping eallows
beneath the beds of the streams, which
can be operated from the pumping station
singly or together. No doubt as to the
supply can therefore be expressed by any
one who ha? given the subject any atten
tion.
Tbe power-house containing the pumps
is situated north of the wells about a half
mile, and is connected with the source of
supply by an eignt-inch syphon pipe
capable of delivering 1,000,000 gallons of
water per day. It is a neat structure of
plain and ornamental brick, and is lifty
feet above the mains and 100 feet below
the water line of the reservoir. A modern
cottage adjoins the power-house on the
west, for the convenience of the engineer
in charge.
The pumping machinery, which was
designed by Contractor Perkins, and
made to order in San Francisco, is a
beautiful mechanism. It consists of two
vertical compound, crank and fly-wheel
pumping engines of 100 horsepower; and
two tubular boilers so set up and arranged
in duplicate, as to work separately or
together as desired. One pump can fill
the reservoir in twenty-four hours, and
both in half of that time. To supply the
city with water for it3 present use will
require from five to seven hours of pump
ing each day.
The cost of pumping is estimated at I\<
cents per 1000 callous. This expense will
be lessened when the arrangements are
completed for burning the crude oil pro
duced in the southern' part of the State.
The reservoir is located a few hundred
feet beyond the pumping station at an
altitude of 150 feet above the level of the
mains. An excavation was made in the
brow of the hill, which was lined with rock
and cement, and so constructed as to allow
the pumping station to suDply the mains
during the time necessary for renovation.
A six-foot cement walk runs around its
brim and an eight-foot iron fence will sur
mount the whole basin. From this
eminence a delightful view can be obtained
and is visited daily t>y hundreds of people.
The reservoir has a capacity at its me
dium line of 1,000,000 gallons and for fire
purpos 8 will discharge six one-inch
streams to a height of eighty feet for
twelve consecutive hours without the as
sistance of a fire engine or other mechani
cal appliances, except the hose or ordinary
service pipes.
A simple calculation will demonstrate
that this amount of water would supply
20,000 people with fifty gallons per day.
If, for any reason, a greater pressure is de
sired the reservoir vaive can be closed and
the water pumped directly into the mains.
The distribution of the water is accom
plished by twenty-six miles of castiron
mains, laid in sixteen sections. The mains
vary in size from the big 12-inch main
leading from the reservoir and pumphouse
to the 4-inch connecting pipes on the back
streets. They are laid according to the
loop system, the large mains encircling
the city and the smaller ones connecting
the cross streets with the loop. All of
these mains are opened and closed by
street valves of an improved pattern. One
hundred and sixteen fire hydrants of novel
design are attacned to the pipes, each
fitted with an independent valve. These
being self-contained can be taken out to be
cleaned or repaired without shutting off
the water in the mains. There is also an
independent attachment for street sprink
ling, which does not interfere with the tire
tips in any manner.
These hydrants are simple in construc
tion, yet handsome in appearance, and
were manufactured here from designs
made by Contractor Perkins, witn the as
sistance of Frank Muther, Chief of the
Santa Rosa Fire Department. The dis
tribution of the hydrants is so arranged
throughout the city that 400 feet of hose
will reach any building within the limits.
The water will be absolutely free for
domestic uses, thereby effecting a saving
to each householder of from $12 to $18 a
year. For irrigating and business pur
poses a charge sufficient to defray operat
ing expenses will be charged. The tax
rate for water will be iixed at 2o cents on
each $100 of taxable property, so that the
average taxpayer will pay from $3 to $5
yearly, while the larger part of the bonds
are yet outstanding.
It is believed that the additional protec
tion from tire will reauce the rate of in
surance and, by creating a greater feeling
of security, enhance the value of property.
Contractor Perkins, who has had an ex
perience of thirty-live years in this kind of
work, has built no less than twenty-seven
water systems in this and other States.
The testimonials of confidence and esteem
for this kind of work received by him in
the past would rill a small volume.
At the public test to be had Here to
morrow a pole eighty feet high will be set
up just east of the courthouse, from the
top of which will hang an American flag.
The Fire Department will first throw from
the lire engine a stream to the top of the
pole or higher. The hose will then be at
tached to four of the nearest hydrants, and
the combined streams, meeting in air, are
expected to cause a rainbow to reflect from
tiie red bars of "Old Glory."
FEARS A REDDING MOB
The Murderer of Joha Ward
Passes a Restless Night
in Prison.
Extra Guards Stationed in the Jail
Yard to Guard Against an
Attack.
REDDING, Cal., Feb. 21,-Gambler J.
H. Ryan, the murderer of John Ward,
passed an uneasy night in the County
Jail and this morning appeared relieved
because the night bad passed and he had
been spared from the vengeance of an an
gry mob. He was extremely nervous and
persisted in his statement that the shoot
ing was an accident. He says the pistol
had a hair trigger and was discharged be
fore he Know it.
After removing the body to the Morgue
last night the Coroner adjourned the in
quest until 9 o'clock this morning. The
verdict of the Coroner's jury was that
Ward fame to his death from gunshot
wounds inflicted by Ryan with no cause
or justification whatever. There is still a
great deal of bitter feeling among Ward's
friends aeainst Ryan, and it is feared he
will yet be taken from the jail and lynched.
Guards have oeen placed in the jailyard.
Ryan was arraigned to-day before Judge
Garden and will have his examination as
soon as the court calendar is cleared. He
will plead guilty and will be held for trial
before the Superior Court.
The funeral of the murdered man took
place to-day, his body being interred in
the Redding cemetery.
ODD SEILOWIf TO CELEBRATE.
Redding la Mahina PreparatlonM for a
Montter Demonatration.
REDDING, Cal., Feb. 21.— Odd Fello ws
day will be observed in Redding this year
by what promises to be one of the most
notable celebrations ever held under the
auspices of Odd Fellows in Northern Cali
fornia. As the anniversary falls on Sun
day the celebration will be held on the fol
lowing Monday. recursions will be run
north and south, and lodges in all the
cities and towns north of Sacramento and
south of the Oregon line will be given
places oil the programme. It will be a red
letter day with the Odd Fellows of this
section and a gala day for Redding.
Keswiek's y'etv Journal.
REDDING, Cat,., Feb. 21.— The Smelter
is the name of a new monthly literary
production to be published at Keswick, the
site of the Mountain Mines Company's
smelters. It will be a iM-column paper and
wiil be printed in Redding under the super
vision of the Mountain Mines Company.
TjiAor.DS at HAyFonn.
Mrs. Clara Belle Starkweather Ends Her
Life Kith Poison.
HANFORD, Cal., Feb. 21.— Clara Belle
Starkweather, the wife of City Councilman
R. K. Starkweather, committed suicide last
evening by taking Kough on Rats. An un
finished letter, to her husband, who was
absent on a ranch near Porterville, stated
that she had taken poison Jast Sunday, but
without the effect intended, and this time
she would maice death certain.
A neighbor went in while Mrs. Stark
weather was writing the letter yesterday
afternoon, and she laid it aside and soon
after became so ill that she could not
finish it. Domestic trouble caused the
tragedy, a letter from her husband, found
in her effects, expressing his desire for a
legal separation.
Budd Will Be the Xeferee.
STOCKTON, Cal., Feb. 21.— Governor
Budd will to-morrow referee a football
game between the Stockton Athletic Club
and a picked team from the Olympic Club
of San Francisco.
Bk Good to Youhsklf job Once if troubled
with a bad Cough. Cold or Lung Affection, and
uso promptly Dr. D. .THyne's Expectorant, a safe
remedy for Asthma and Pleurisy, as well as all
Throat Complaints.
SANTA CRUZ'S
GAY MARINES.
New Armory of the Naval
Reserve is Fittingly
Dedicated. '
DRILLS AND A DANCE.
Lieutenant - Commander Turner
Compliments the Local
. Battalion.
ONE THOUSAND GUESTS ATTEND.
Grand March Participated in by Five
Hundred Couples — An Evening
of Pleasure.
SANTA CRUZ, Cal., Feb. 21.— Nearly
1000 ladies and gentlemen attended the
dedication of the Naval Reserves' new
armory to-night. The feature of the even
ing was a series of drills by the battalion,
reviewed by Lieutenant-Commander Turn
er of San Francisco. He pronounced the
maneuvers as being admirable and indi
cating close attention and hard practice.
Lieutenant Turner and Lieutenant-Gov
ernor Jeter addressed the members of the
battalion and their thousand friends. The
latter reviewed the history of the organi
zation in this city, and complimented its
officers and juen upon their successful
work, saying that their reputation would
do much toward attracting the National
Guard encampments to Santa Cruz, and
directing the attention of the United
States Government to the need of perma
nent fortifications at this point.
After the speeches the grand march was
formed, with 500 couples in line, and the
balance of the evening was devoted to
dancing.
The hall was beautifully and artistically
decorated in designs appropriate to the
occasion. Evergreens, flowers and flags
were suspended from every possible sup
port throuehout the spacious room. In
the rear of the stand occupied by Professor
Hastings' band was built an immense
wheel of evergreens, bearing the motto of
the battalion, "Steady." Down the hall
from the entrance two strings of flags of
many colors and designs siretched diag
onally across the hall, and crossing at the
center attracted. the eye. They were the
regulation signal flags in use by the ships
of all nations. Overhead were suspended
two grand old American flags— that em
blem that is stretched to the gaze on all
occasions when patriotism forms a feature
of entertainment. The windows were
draped in American flags, while the space
between the windows on the north side
was decorated with crossed oars and signal
flags, while those on the south were filled
with gigantic brakes, over which crossed
cutlasses were hung, pver and all around
these were festoons of evergreens.
At the east end of the hall lighthouse
tower lamps were swung to guide the
guests to the two refreshment tanks that
were guarded, one by a cannon and the
other by a Gatling gun, both loaded to the
muzzle with roses, beautiful and sufficient
ammunition for such an occasion. The
entire interior of the hall presented a
striking credit to the National Guard of
the Stat».
The officers of the battalion are: Lieu
tenant, Archibald A. Morey; lieutenant,
junior grade, Harry B. George; ensigns,
Carl Lindsay and William E. Miller Jr. ;
chief petty officer, Frank L. Robinson;
petty officers, first class— Bert S. Chase
Charles J. Gillen, John C- Doyle and
Henry E. Stumer: petty officers, second
class— Frank A. Evans, Harry W. Bunt
ing, Benjamin F. Booth and Burrell L.
Jones.
Lieuteaant Morey, ag chairman of the
reception committee, welcomed the guests
with the hearty greeting of a mariner
whose ship is anchored at the disposal of
his friends. The danco was conducted
with skillfulness and to the pleasure and
satisfaction of the large assemblage by
Ensign William E. Miller, with accom
plished assistants. Both officers and sea
men gave evidence of their desire to enter
tain tneir guests happily, and their success
was attested by the enjoyable manner in
which the evening was passed from the
opening drill to the closing dance.
The fashion of Santa Cruz has long
looked forward to this as the introductory
event of the summer season here. There
are many pleasant entertainments to come
that will be participated in by visitors from
other cities and towns in the State during
the present season, but the exhibition
drill and dance given by the Naval Re
serve to-night is an event that will prob
ably be longest remembered, because it is
peculiarly a home affair and marks an
advance in the affairs of the naval depart
ment of the National Guard of California.
The Fourth Gun Division, Naval Battal
ion, represents the social element of Santa
Cruz and boasts of a membership com
posed of young men standing high in pro
fessional and commercial life in this City
by the Sea.
The Naval Reserve is justly proud of its
new armory, which is one of the largest
halls in the State and possesses the attrac
tion of being well located and bearing an
imposing appearance. The officers and
members have been faithful in the dis
charge of their naval as well as their social
duties and made for themselves a reputa
tion that is not confined to Santa Cruz,
but extends throughout the coast cities
and towns where the mariner takes an
interest in the affairs of his fellow-seamen
FELL FROM A BMIJiOE.
A Han Jose Woman's Fright Cauted Her
to He Badly Injured.
SANTA CRUZ, Cal., Feb. 21.-Mrs.
Hatch of San Jose, who with her husband
is residing temporarily at Seabright, this
city, fell from the railroad bridge this
afternoon and was badly injured.
Mr. and Mrs. Hatch'were crossing the
river on the bridge, and did not notice a
train approaching until they had got so
far across that they could not turn back
They stepped off the track to the outer
edge of the bridge, and had room enough
to stand there while the train passed but
the sudden shock from the anticipation of
dan ? er caused Mrs. Hatch to loose her
tooting, bhe fell a distance of twenty-five
feet to the dry bed of the river, and would
probably even then escaped serious injury
had she not fallen on a projecting timber
injuring a thigh. The hurt is painful, and
though serious is not dangerous.
Car Factory for Lathrop.
STOCKTON, Cal., Feb. 21. - Carter
Bros., the Newark car- builder, are to open
a branch manufactory at Lathrop. They
trill utilize the old roundhouse abandoned
by the Southern Paciiic, and will b-aild all
cars to be used by the Valley road. The
Commercial Association of Stockton will
probably offer to erect for Carter Bros, a
structure such as is needed by them in
Stockton, providing they wJI locate here.
WOODLAND NATWES AT A BALL
A Washington's Eve Social Entertainment
Under the Auspices of the Local
Par/or.
WOODLAND, Cal., Feb. 21.— 1t will be
some time before the walls of Armory
Hall will echo the laughter of a gayer or
brighter gathering than that which filled
it to-night. The affair was the Wastiins
ton's eve party, given under the auspices
of Woodland Parlor No. 30, Native Sons oi
the Golden West.
The decorations were beautiful and ar
tistically arranged. Hundreds of emblems
that served to perpetuate the memory of
California's pioneers, adorned every cor
ner of the spacious ball. Running stream
ers in the National colors and colors of the
order trailed the building from sill to sill. A
beautiful representation of the rising sun,
made in the north end of the hall by a
combination of calcium lights, shed its
soft rays over the decora tions, catching
their image and multiplying them until
the whole room seemed wreathed in all
imaginable shades and tints.
Woodland's best, society was present and
the faces and gowns upon the floor rivaled
in attractiveness the pretty surroundings.
Visitors from Sacramento, Dixon, Marys
vine and Colusa attended. Woodland's
orchestra of sixteen musicians supplied
the music.
Preceding the dance a short but enter
taining musical programme was ren
dered. Those whotook part were Mrs. C.
A. Neale, pianist; Mrs. W. E. Lovdai,
soloist, and Miss Pauline Foster, vocal
soloist, all of Sacramento; and Mrs, Delia
Prior-Pierce, vocal soloist, and the Or
pheus Quartet of this city.
Representatives of the local parlor who
had the pleasant affair in charge were M.
U. Keefer, W. 0. Keau, A. B. Hayward, J.
B. Lawson, Joseph Jacobs, T. G. Hughes,
A. C.-Huston, 0. Diggs Armstrong, A. M.
Britt and M. Zinker.
J. J. HILL AT SEATTLE.
Congress, He Says, Should Give Califor-
nla Relief From Hxtntington.
BEATTLE, Wash., Fob. 21.—Accom
panied by a party of St. Paul and New
York capitalists and railroad men, Presi
dent J. J. Hill of the Great Northern Rail
road arrived in this city to-night. Mr.
Hill declared his mission to be one of
business concerning his own line. While
he disclaimed having made any advances
toward the purchase of the Northern Pa
cific, the St. Paul magnate intimated that
he stood ready to receive propositions from
bondholders who had become tired of
their burdens. The Northern Pacific
mortgage, Mr. Hill declared, was bisrger
than the property, and such condition
meant but one result.
Though not favoring Government own
ership ot railroads, Mr. Hill, referring to
the agitation in Congress over the Pacitic
railroads' debt, said he believed the people
of this coast and especially of California
should be given relief; that they should at
all times be accorded reasonable rates,
particularly for heavy freight.
Death of a Speedy Stallion.
SACRAMENTO. Cal., Feb. 21.—Buck
man & Carragber, proprietors of the
River View breeding farm, met with a
great loss yesterday in the death of their
promising young trotting stallion, George
Dexter. The horse would have been S
years old the corning spring. He was by
Dexter Prince, dam Nellie C, by Kiloush,
he by Whipple's Hambletonian. George
Dexter'a record is 2:18l<£, but he had gone
far below that in private trials. He was
regarded as one of the best of Dexter
Prince's progeny in the State.
Sudden Death at Modesto,
MODESTA, Cal., Feb. 21.— William S.
i'oberts, one of the best known young
farmers in the county, died suddenly at 6
o'clock this morning. Roberts attended an
entertainment last night, and retired feel
ing as usual, except for a slight palpitation
of the heart. This morning, before arising,
he complained that lie felt as though there
was a lump in his heart. When he essayed
to arise, lie fell to the floor. His wife
hastened to put a pillow under his head,
but before it was done Roberts was dead.
Roberts was a native of California.
TWO APP OIX TMEXTB MADE.
David tf. Hxrshburg and W. A. Moore
Secure State I'ositions.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Feb. 21.— David
S. Hirshburg was to-day appointed direc
tor of the Adult Blind Association, vice
John P. Irish, iemoved.
W. A. Moore of Benicia was appointed
to-day by Governor Budd as one of the
State Board of Dental Examiners, vice S.
E. Knowles.
Murphy's Estate in Dispute.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Feb. 21.— Henry B.
Murphy, a minor brother of William
P. Murphy, the young man who was killed
by contact with a live electric wire in the
basement of the Porter building about a
month ago, to-day filed a petition by his
guardian, B. D. Murphy, contesting" the
application of Isabel Hanna, the aunt of
the deceased, for letters of administration.
The estate is valued at $3000, and consists
of property in Gilroy.
Union's Murderer Sentenced.
UNION, Or., Feb. 21.-Kelsay Porter,
convicted of murder in the first degree for
killing Benjamin Mache, his wife and son
was to-day sentenced to b- executed on
April 10. The defense was allowed until
April 1 to prepare bills of exception for an
appeal to the Supreme Court.
Miss Westerfield Get* Ttatnagtt.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Feb. 21.-In the
suit of Miss Nannie Westerfield aca'nst
the Evening Record for alleged defamation
of character, the jury this afternoon ren
dered a verdict awarding the plaintiff
damages in the sum of $1000.
NEW TO-DAY.
l||? These
-^.Prices
o. °""- Suit You?
Trusses.; $1 50
Elastic 5t0cking5............................... 280
Galvanic or Faradic Batteries !;!..'..'..! 5 00
Electric Belts 4 CO
• Don't buy an Electric Belt until you have
_ „ . seen ours.
Kar Horns 2 50
Obesity Belts 2 25
.Scott's : English Catarrh Cure, 6 months'
treatment, price.: ; 3 50
' • Call for free trial.
Crutches, per pair....... 2 60
i Eye Glasses | and Spectacles at one-half optician
prices. Glasses fitted by a Scientific Optician.
I We have a large stock |of Shoulder Braces, Rub-
ber Cushions, , Air Pillows, Uterine Supporters,
Rubber : Urinals, Klastic ; Stockings, Leggings,
Anklets, Knee Caps, eic, at Cut Kates.
NO PERCENTAGE PHARMACY,
853 3Vlark.et Street,
South side, bet. Fifth and Sixth.* '
Ik
Dimness of N, ul . filRfiTTI \P^l
vision, spots IV Si Vlil L/.illO
before the i fl| \\i
eyes, loss of Jl|, ' i'n/% op
s.ee P . loss M 1 \\ ] (l ~~ 0F ~
of vigor, II!Im\, I \fU
restless" ill 1% HUDYAN
ness, all f II HA H YfiN
give way. 1 ,|' I I  VI IlUUlnl!
to' clear W|; .1 'I
sight, to ft 1 1 j |! ' mlw ■
rest, to .// .fl IMm rnrr '
I Ijj j, ; \'j I i ml
| !il!lilil!ll|l|i||l||l|l!<M. l |l.-'i''lit:;ii:i:>l:l !:i i lri - !1 --*^-
GREAT HUDYAN
Hudyan stops the premature conlilioii of the
body. Hudyan cures certain Cases of lost man-
hood. Hudyan cures nervous debility, nervous-
ness, emissions.
FREE
&g- Circulars and Testimonials.
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
Stockton, Market and Ellis Sts.
SAN FRAXCISCO, CAL.
t BS FA/ t
DOGTQRJWEAHY.
WHY
Is Dr. Sweany acknowledged as SAX FRAN-
CISCO'S LEADING and MOST SUCCESSFUL
SPECIALIST?
BECAUSE
His reputation has been establiabed by effect-
ing CURKS OF CHRONIC DISEASES in MEN
and WOMEN where other physicians of ac-
knowledged ability had failed.
FACTS ARE STIIBBORs THISBS.
Doctor Sweany successfully treats all chronic
diseases of the Heart, Throat, Lunßs, Heart,
Stomach, Liver and Kidneys, disorders oi the
Bladder, Rupture and Pile*. ALL PRIVATE
DISEASES are permenently cured so that
there will be no relapse in the future.
THE FIRST THING TO DO
In order to get cured of the distressing ills re-
sulting from NEHVOUS DEBILITY AND
SEMINAL WEAKNESS, which unlit you for
marriage, study and the eyery-day duties of
life and make your very existence miserable,
is to I cast aside all false modesty and place
yourself under the treatment of this noted
Specialist. Troubles of this character are of an
insidious and hidden nature, but they invari-
ably result in IMPOTENCY, PARALYSIS,
SOFTENING OF THE BRAIN and INSANITY,
and the victim should secure proper.treatment
while there still is time. Doctor Sweany's ex-
perience in treating such diseases hiis been
worldwide. He has cured thousands of others
and CAN CUKE YOU. It is a part of judgment
and sense to seek Doctor oweariy first instead
of squandering time and money upon the
uncertainties of patent medicines and picayune
specialists.
THE POOK who call at his office on Frid j
afternoons are welcome to the Doctor's valu-
able services free of charge.
WRITE
Your troubles if living away from the city.
Thousands are cured at home by correspond-
ence and medicines sent them. Doctor
Sweany's patients will get all the advantages
of experience ana travel in Europe, with dili-
gent study in her best Medical Institutions.
Letters are answered in ENGLISH, PRENCH,
GERMAN, ITALIAN, SWEDISH, NORWEGIAN
and DANISH. ,
Office hours— 9 a. M, to 12 >!., 2 to 5 and T to
8 r. m. Sunday, 10 a. m. to 12 m. only. Address
F. L. SWEANY, M. D.,
737 Market Street, Opposite Examiner
Ollice, San Francisco, <'hI.
A remedy used exclusively by a physician of
30 years' experience. A positive and unfailing
guaranteed cure for primary, secondary ami
tertiary cases of blood disease. No case- in-
curable. New cases cured in two weeks. Con*
Bultation and full information free.
MOFFAT CHEMICAL CO.,
Kooni 1, 63'j Market St., San Francisco.
Coke! Coke! Coke!
CALIFORNIA AND ENGLISH.
p. a. McDonald,
809 to 813 Foltiora Street, an I 300 to
400 Howard Street, from
Fremont to lieale.'
Office 813 Folaom Street.
Baja California
Damiana Bitters
Is a powerful aplirodis.ac ani specific tonic for the
sexual and iirtnarv organs of both sexes, ana a
| preiii remedj for dis-a.ies of the kidneys and blaU-
I der. A great Restorative, Invigoratoraad Nervine.
Sells on its own Merlis-no lon-:-wluded testi-
monials necessarv.
: ' li».K. AH'S & BRITNK, Agent*.
323 Market St.. S. . F.-(.-end tor Circular.)
KVIISUC Vnil tior '- TiroaS, Pimples, Copper-^
;'■-■ HAY TUU Colored Spots, Aches, Old Borcg,M
hi Dicers in Mouth, Ealr-l*Uiagl tVrlto COOKHi
'«BI!]f£I)T CO., 007 Masonic Temple,
JBt'hn-n>rr->. Il«-. for proofs of enres. Cupl-
fi*tu\. iSsS>G,<>O<». Worst cases cured la IS
{Is to 3-j days. IQO-p book free. E8
COSMOI'OIjITA.N,
Opposite tJ. 8. Mld:, 100 and 10a Fifth si aao
I- ranci3Co, Cal — Th« most select family hotel In
the city. Board ana room, *1, $1 '25 tin "i jjn 50 per
day, according 10 room. MeaU 'Jsc. Rooms 50ij
I and <6o a day. Free coach to ami from tho note!.
Look tor the co.icii bearing the uaini- oi the Cos-
mopolltan JloteL WM. f.vmkv, Proprietor.
NOTARY PUBLIC.
CIHARLES I H. PHILLIPS, ATTOBNEY-AT-
J law and Notary Public, G3B M»rket »t., oppo-
-.•lie Palace Hotel. Hesidencp, la'JO Fell at. I el»
phone 870. Residence telephone. -Pi»« 25t1.'
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
KKARNY AND WASIIINOTON STS.— RE-
modeled and renovated. KING. WARD & CO.
European plan. Kooms 50c to $1 60 per day, $2
to $8 per week, $8 to tBO prr mon[n A ree b - a ' th
hot aud cold water every room: tire crates In
every room; elevator runs ail nisht. S
ii riffffliiißWiTrtwntfnraiMT fiiiimifcii «■ iiTfl^HfnnlMMßi^^BNEW CHARGES TO
BE PRESENTED
Mrs. Cooper Declines to
Discuss the Matter at
Present.
DR. BROWN IS CONFIDENT
He Says the Stockton Episode
Will Ultimately Prove His
Innocence.
THE GAY WIDOWS STORY.
Expresses a Determination to Become
a Better Woman— ls Done With
the Council.
Following Thursday's sensational de
velopments at the council Dr. Brown and
Ins friends declare that the testimony of
Mrs. Stockton will finally prove one of the
strongest factors in linally establishing
the pastor's innocence.
To sub.-tantiate this they say that the
"winsome widow, according to the Gean
affidavit and the Ba^s letters, is given to
w-ays that are dark and tricks which are
sometimes vain. They point with confi
dence to Judge Campbells statement of
an interview with Mrs. Stockton nearly
twelve months ago, in which she admitted
to him ihat Lloyd Tevis had at one time
given her .>.
Dr. Brown said last night that the way
had been cleared to sift the entire Stockton
episode to the bottom. Just what the
method of procedure would be he declined
to say, though he was manifestly in rare
good humor over unexpected good news.
When the investigation is resumed next
Tuesday Mrs. Cooper and Mrs. Stockton
will in all probability be recalled to the
ttand. The pastor has stated that he in
tends to question them concerning their
transactions with Lloyd Tevis, hoping in
this way to prove animus on the part of
one or both. The reverend gentleman Bays
he is in : of knowledge which
when revea&d to the public will be as
startling a< it i- effective in establishing
his innocence.
Immediately after the examination of
Mrs. Davis Thursday night Dr. Brown de
livered an impassioned address to the
council, which is in part as follows:
You have heard what appears a specific and
v. I arfirm ihat I am innocent of
Ings charged by this woman and 1 ask:
j
1 111 ■ iblished principal of law:
LSSerU '..-own infamy is to be
i against hii honorable person. '
-. Tiii> woman a day or two before she went
■ r went a:so to one of our deacons
and virtually tried to bribe me to silence
■ ig to help m dishonerable
. saying, -I would lie or Meal to help Dr.
B ro irn."
3. That 1 cave wor<i to the deacon who re
ported to her that I defied her.
4. 1 hat she is a blackmailer, who has many
victims in this City according to the affidavit
which I submit herewith, also with nor own
letters attempting blackmail on a prominent
citizen (her scheme and the publication
of the* letters should imply no predjudice
against those named therein). "
5. That she attempted to blackmail me in the
month oi November, 1894, according to this
affidavit, and that 1 tlien threw her attorney
out of my house, so that she utterly Jailed.
0. That I not only refused her any money,
but refused even to give her a personal letter.
7. That she told a perfectly credible witness
after any possible date of tne alleged offenses
that she had tried all of her arts on me, and
that every scheme had failed to get me into
any wrongdoing.
S. But that notwithstanding she had one
case in which apDeamnces were against me,
and that Fne intended to ruin me because I
refused to shut M.- French out of theciiurch
■with the Turkish tea.
9. That she said to two credible witnesses,
one of whose aflldavits we have, that she came
into this church to get rich men on her string
and to make money out of them.
10. That she toid' one of these witnesses that
every deacon of this church was a rotten man
and included in the iist Deacon Ira P, Rankin,
■who was then living, whose name is men
tioned not because she can reproach it, but
beca>i-- it is so far above reproach that the
utter laseness and falsity of her word can be
proved.
11. That she afterward admitted that one of
the deacons whom she had thus slandered was
not raonally known to her, so that her state
ments are proven to have been made only in
that spirit of wicked bravado which has char
acterized her utterances since the publication
of this scandal.
li'. That she toia a well-known man of offi
cial position in this Ciiy that she IjbU in con
spiracy with h gray-haired dealer a few months
a prominent man of thi> City to give
P2500, of which she had given her woman
companion :*looo.
Finally I ask you to remember the words of
Judge campbfll in binding Mrs. Davidson
over to the Superior Court: "It is the very
of blackmail that the blackmailer will
lie, and, if need be, perjure herself in order to
blacken the good name of her victim and sne
has her story ready to tell."
. Mrs. M. A. Davidson burst into a sub
dued laugh yesterday when in the presence
of a ( ai.i. representative she for the first
time read the testimony of Police Judge
Campbell Riven before the ecclesiastical
council Thursday night. In his testimony
Judge Campbell stated that Mrs. Stockton
bad told him that she had secured $2500
from a certain wealthy man and that she
iiad given $1000 of this to a certain old
ladj' to establish a corset business. Con
tinuing the Judge had said : "I now think
that Mrs. Davidson is the woman referred
t". These two women, I think, have set
about to trap Dr. Brown."
Commenting on this Mrs. Davidson said
that she did not know Mrs. Stockton then
and does not know her now. She hal no\
even seen her, she said. "The first time I
heard of her," she added, "was in the con
fession of Mattie Overman to me in which
she said Dr. Brown had paid her $<>.%."
.iking of her intended appearance be
fore the council on Tuesday she said:
I have been thinking ail day of my state
meat. I wrote one with the intention of read
ing :i yesterday had I the opportunity. But I
ieared that 1 might not have the opportunity,
ro 1 made the charges quite full, a little differ
eut from my first intention. They embody nil
of the statement. 1 shall j.robablv
make some slight changes in my statement be
fore fuesday.
l)r. Hoyt told me that Dr. Brown would cross
examine me on what was published in the
lally on that first statement which
i bad published December 31, and which we
attempted to use in Judge Campbell's court.
Hut I have since been Informed that Or. Brown
■hi, tm» himself to toe Eastern matters,
which he had sought for assiduously, lie
c ai:ii^ to have new evidence, secured by his
:evuied servant, Deacon Morse, during the lat
ter's absence. Of course 1 don't know what
may be fabricated. There lias been a great
■I'-al, and there is no doubt that Dr. Brown is
well supplied with material manufac-
I for the occasion. Mrs. Cooper says she
Id have a calcium light turned on her his
itinl I can say the saint.
ari some points in those Eastern let
tien to Dr. Brown which have an im-
I •igniflcation, and must be taken up in
liu you suppose that 1 am going
1 aii Insinuation that I murdered my hus
■>*s unnoticed I .' I think not.
it most interesting talk with one of the
the council yesterday. He asked
1 about the circumstances under which I
: Brown the receipt forssoo, and I told
•'!-■ then asked me whetbei after that
'<•' Brown treated me as a good, faithful!
in the cause of Christ. I told him he !
Old; that he time and time again called on I
me to say a few words at the prayer-meeting
ana commended me as a "mother in Israel."
i. believe the members of the couucil are ear
nest and sincere and will sift this matter
thoroughly and ascertain the truth.
When her attention was called to the
decision of the council on Wednesday
night, while in secret session, not to permit
: the reading of any more statements except
that of Miss Overman, she remarked:
I would, of course, prefer to make an oral
( statement ordinarily, but I know Dr. Brown,
and he might try to catch me up on some
; point. So I would like in this case to have
] everything in black and white.
George A. Knight is to defend Mrs. Davidson
when she is tried in the Superior Court, and
: ne will also appear on her behalf when she
testifies before the council. Her friends ar
ranged this matter for her yesterday. They
are also making fresh ettorts to secure bonds
i"T her release, and she is confident of being in
her former place of business again within a
few days.
Mrs. Stockton positively declared yester
day that under no circumstances would
she again appear before the council. She
affirms that she has told the true story and
| without embellishment. There is nothing
I more to relate, she declares, and now that
I she has fulfilled an obligation due to her
j self and society, intends to wash her hands
! of the whole affair.
'"1 appeared before the council of my
own freewill."' s.-iM Mrs. Stoekto'i. "There
was no influence broucht to bear on me,
though 1 resisted my own impulses to do
right to the iast. I want it understood
that no spirit of revenge prompted any
thing I said, thouch 1 was forced to it. By
this I mean the continued attacks made
on me. Through it all I endeavored to be
honorable and Christianlike.
"I felt that to remain longer silent
would hurt me in the raiud of the public,
so I overcame my natural objections and
to the council told the truth. I had, and
still have creat fear that to speak would !
bring me trouble, though nothing has a3 I
yet turned up in that line.
"I want to say now that I will posi
tively have nothing more to do with the
i case. I nder no circumstances will lap
pear before the council again. I sympa
' thize deeply with Dr. Brown in his unfor- I
tunate troubles and am more than sorry
! for his family. This feeling of sorrow and
: pity was increased ten-fold last evening
■ when 1 looked into his hatrgard and uare- i
! worn face. 1 hope with all my heart that
as n result of this terrible ordeal he will be
a better man, as 1 hope to be a better
woman.
"Now, as to that s°cret session about
which something has been said. 1 was
not seeking notoriety and so did not care
to cater to the taste of the morbidly j
curious. I had only to deal with the
committee, in whose hands Dr. Brown's
future rests, it was painful in the ex
treme to make such damaging statements, i
but clever and wise as I have tried to be
, lieve my pastor to be, he cannot in honesty
censure me for my appearance before th'e
council.
"In this sad affair it seems cruel and
; unjust to bring parties in the case who
\ have no connection with it. The fact that
1 am in this scandal is no reason why my
friends and acquaintances should be
dragged in.
"I wish the public to- know that instead
of losing old friends 1 have not. only re
tained them, but gained many new ones.
I have heard nothing but s\ mpdtny, re
spect and admiration from tlie outside
worid at what they are pleased to t cm my ■
courageous conduct.
"Now and forever I wash my hands of !
(the 1 simply desiri to be left!
I alone, it is not in my heart io do ill, and i
I feel that I will profit Ly the past. I wish !
Dr. Brown well and hope that we may j
both soon forget it all."
Mrs. Cooper said yesterday that sne was |
in receipt of new evidence against Dr. ]
Brown which appears to be just as dam
aaing as all that has gone before. She de
clines to tell the nature of the new charges
until she has made a thorough investiga- '
tion. Mrs. Cooper continues to receive
dozens of letters daily full of symputhv, :
respect and confidence.
"Mrs. Stockton needs a strong arm to j
support her now,'' said Mrs. Cooper yes
terday, '"and 1 intend to do all 1 can' for
her. She is naturally of a gentle, loving
disposition and intends in the future to
live an upright life."
MUST STAND TRIAL.
Mrs. Davidson'6 Demurrer to the
Information Against Her
Overruled.
The demurrer to the information filed
against Mrs. Mary A. Davidson was over
ruled by Judge Bahrs yesterday and she
was ordered to plead. ''Not guilty 1 ' washer
plea, and then she was ordered to appear
for trial on Monday, March 2X
Counsel for all parties was present when
the case was called, and all listened eagerly
to the following opinion by the court:
Defendant was arraigned upon the ground of
extortion. Her counsel thereupon hied a de
murrer to the information, setting forth nu
merous causes of demurrer, but in their argu
ment relying mainly upon the ground that the
information failed to state a public offense.
The main contention made by counsel is that
the information alleges the defendant to have
acted as the agent of one Jane Elizabeth Bnd
din, in having communicated to Dr. C. O.
Brown a threat that Jane Elizabeth Baddm
would impute to him the crime of adultery un
less he paid the defendant the sum of #500 and
some further monthly payments, the argument
of counsel being that defendant could not be
convicted of the crime of extortion if she did
not threaten that she herself would impute to
lir. Brown the derogatory matter set forth in
the information.
It is conceded by counsel that if Jane Kliza
bf th Baddm hail in person communicated the
gaid threat under the circumstances related
and had obtained the money, she would have
been guilty of the crime of extortion.
Iu the face of this admission I cannot under
stand by what process of reasoning counsel ar
rive at the conclusion that defendant is not
equally guilty when she does the same thins
on behalf of Mrs. Baddm and as her agent.
One ot the most familiar maxim* of law is
that all persons are presumed to know the law.
This is a conclusive presumption which can
not be rebutted by evidence. Therefore the
defendant is conclusively presumed to have
known that the threat with the demand for
and the obtaining of the money was a crime,
viz., extortion.
Another rule of law which must be consid
ered in conjunction with the above maxim its
that laid down by section \il of the I'cnal
Code, viz. :
"All persons concerned in the commission of
a crime, whether it be felony or misdemeanor,
and whether they directly commit the act con
stituting the offense, or aid and abet in Its
commission, or, not being present, have ad
vised and encouraged its commission, are
principals in any crime so committed."
Conceding the existence of Mrs. Uaddin, can
the conclusion be avoided that in what she
did the defendant was aiding and abetting
Mrs. Baddin to commit the crime of extortion?
I think not.
The greatest fault, however, of counsel's ar
gument lies in their assumption that the in
formation charges the defendant with being
the agent of Jane Elizabeth Baddin. A care
ful reading of the information shows this
assumption to be absolutely unwarranted.
The charging part of the information com
mences as follows: "The said Mary A. David
son, on the 2'Z<l day of November. A. D. 1895,
at the said City and County of San Francisco,
htate of California, devising and intending to
extort money from one Charles O. Brown, did
willfully, unlawfully aim feloniously and ver
bally make and communicate to said Charles
O. Brown a threat to impute to him disgrace,
which would expose him to public- hatred, con
tempt and ridicule, and would impeach the
honesty, Integrity, virtue and reputation of
him, Charles O. Brown." (Here there is inter
polated certain matter to be hereafter com
mented upon.)
The information concludes: "And said
Mary A. Davidson did then and there, by
means of said threats and with the consent of
said Charles O. Brown, induced by a wrongful
use of fear, to wit, by fear induced by said
threats, williully, unlawfully and feloniously
obtain and extort from said 'Charles O. Brown
certain mouev, to wit. the sum of $500 in law
ful money of the United States, of the value of
$500 in lawful money of the United States, and
of the personal property of said Charles O.
Brown, All of which Is contrary to," etc
The matter quoted constitutes the only
charging part of the information, sets forth
the ultimate facts necessary to be proven to
sustain a conviction, and follows the language
of the statute. Under the rules of pleading,
if the matter quoted had solely constituted
the information, there could be no question of
its sufficiency. In the matter quoted there is
no intimation of agency, or that defendant
acted otherwise than in her own behalf.
The matter interpolated is in the following
language: "She, the sai<l Mnry A. Davidson,
did then and there willfully, unlawfully and
feloniously ana verbally state to said Charles
O. Brown that she, >a;d Mary A. Davidson,
was the agent of one Jaiit: Elizabeth Baddin,
and that she, Mary A. Davidson, was tiding
for her, said Jane Elizabeth liaddln, atid then
and there with said intent did willfully, un
lawfully ainl feloniously and verbally threaten
taiU Charles O. Bruwu tha. unless he, said
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 22, 1896.
Charles O. Brown, paid to her, said Mary A.
Davidson, as the agent of said Jane Elizabeth
Baddin, the sum of $535 a month for five years
to come, Jane Elizabeth Baddin would accuse
and impute to said Charles O. Brown, that he.
Charles O. Brown, had sexual intercourse with
one Martha Overman in a lodging-house, the
said Martha Overman being then an unmar
ried woman, and he. said Charles O. Brown,
having then a lawful wife living and being
then and there the pastor of the First Congrega
tional Church of the City and County of San
Francisco, State of California, and would pub
licly expose and publish said accusation and
imputation of sexual intercouse with Martha
Overman."
The matter thus interpolated between the
charging parts of ihe information adds nothing
of strength to the same; is evidentiary and
probative in character and might, with great
propriety, have been omitted irom the inform
ation.
However, constituting a part of the informa
tion, it must bo treated as descriptive matter
as it was evidently intended to be; and if the
descriptive matter should set forth a state
of facts at variance with the ultimate facts al
leged, or, in other words, if the descriptive
matter should affirmatively show the non-com
mission of the crime sought to be charged, it
would control and the information would have
to be considered defective.
Bui is there anything in the descriptive
matter at variance with the ultimate facts al
leged 7 Defendant's counsel contend that it
shows that the defendant acted as the agent of
one rtaildin. As to whether it does or not has
already been held to be immaterial.
But does it? The descriptive matter merely
Purports to be the statement made by the de"
fendant to Charles O. Brown. It is not the
allegation of any facts. It is virtually the evi
dence upon which the prosecution will rely
for the establishment of the ultimate iacts al
leged in the information and herein quoted.
Is it material so far as the establishment of
the ultimate facts is concerned, whether Jane
Elizabeth Baddin existed In fact or not?
Is it material whether the threat was that
.lane Elizabeth Baddin would impute the dis-
Krace or that the defendant would, in default
of the payment demanded? I think not.
Defendant's counsel admit that if the non
existence of Mrs. Kaddin could be assumed,
then the information would be sufficient. This
concession seems to be an entire surrender of
the argument, because, as we have seen, if de
fendant acted as the agent of Mrs. Baddin, she
is equally guilty with her.
It appears, therefore, that the descriptive
matter is in full accord with the allegations 01
the ultimate facts of the information, not in
conflict therewith, and of itself virtually con
stituting a repetition of the allegations of the
ultimate facts. The grounds of demurrer do
UOt <«11 for special mention. The demurrer Is
overruled. Gbobge H. Bahbs, Judge.
TRADE UNIONS IN POLITICS
, Michael McGlynn's Stand Criti
cized by American So
cialists.
Lively Debate in Which Morrison
I. Swift Opposes Me-
Glynn.
Michael McGlynn's address to the
American socialists on "Trades Unionism
| as a Solution of the Labor Problem" pre
; cipitated a heated discussion last evening.
The earlier portion of the evening was
I devoted to Miss G. Etchison's review of
i William M. Baiter's work on "Government
1 and Anarchy," the lady taking the view
; that the work is favorable to socialist prin-
I ciples.
Mr. McGlynn, who is president of the
I Labor Council, enunciated the principles
of trades-unionism in a brief address. In
reply to a question from Morrison I. Swift
the speaKer said he believed a movement ]
! on the part of trades unions to go into pol
; itics would result in legislative enactments
: of a restrictive and repressive nature.
L. 15. Bertram of New South Wales took
is>ue with the speaker. They bad found,
he said, that trades unionism was ineffec- j
, tive in that colony of Australia. Accord- |
int;ly the unions were amalgamated in a j
labor party, to which both the free trade I
j and protection parties had made conces
i sions.
George Speed said he had observed that
wn-n a trades unionist led or advocated
"non-politics," he ended with a position
in the mint or the county jail.
Here Dr. J. E. Scott interjected a question
as to whether all positions in the county
jail were occupied by trades union leaders.
Amid the laughter that followed, Mr.
Speed remarked that he had been ap
proached more than once by politicians
who afcked that he use his influence to
keep the trades unions out of politics.
William Mangon spoke of sucti leaders
as being untrue to their trusts, and Mrs.
Anna Smith saul : "If what Mr. McGlynn
has said represents trades unionism, the
sooner we get rid of it the better." But
she took a different view of it. It mig'at
be made a great educational system.
'•1 want to see members of trades unions
think of something more than the number
of hours they work and the wage they re
ceive. I want to *ee the leaders rise above
the position of blind leading the blind into
a ditch," said Mrs. Smith.
Mrs. M. E. Squires protested against
talk about educating people to a sense of
justice. "How long will it take to educate
a Vanderbilt, a Huntington or a Pullman
to that point?" she said. "No. It is like
matching kings against men in a game of
chess. Knock them over. That is what
should be done. What is the ballot to
day but loaded dice in the power of a Shy
lock?"
Morrison J. Swift said: "When the
matter is reviewed we can but conclude
that Mr. McGlynn has turned the situa
ti<m over to capitalists. The same motive
rules both capitalists and trade unionists,
and that motive is selfishness. Trade
unionists are to capitalists as j0 to 1. They
hold the key to the situation. No politi
cal power in the field could weild the
power they did if they would but use it.
I believe unions as a whole will follow the
lead of a portion of those who have already
gone into politics. Circumstances will
compel them to do so or to break up alto
gether."
Dr. Scott ssked Mr. McGlynn what the
resolutions adopted by the recent council
meant. The reply was that he understood
them to be the utterances of radical union
ists.
Mr. Marble, the editor of the Altrurian,
will address the American socialists next
week.
I in. 14OH and l h«< Ouiries.
The poet Emerson was never credited
with being a handsome man, though peo
ple who knew him saw in his face his
beautiful character and forgot to discrimi
nate between him and his appearance.
Years ago when the "Philosophers" were
in camp at Follensoee pond, in the Adi
rondacJis, Emerson was one of the party,
and his devotion to his studies and "worth
less writin' " seemed to several of the
guides a great waste of time, which might
better have been spent in hunting and
lisliing.
There was, however, a guide, Steve Mar
tin, who became perhaps the most, noted
that tiie Adirondack;) ever produced, and
who recognized in Emerson something of
his real worth and upon whom the poet
made a great impression. "Steve," as he
was familiarly called, was an observing
man, and the poet's physical defects,
then undoubtedly more prominent than
in later years, did not escape his
eye, as may be seen by the answer he gave
to the question of the writer of this para
graph : "What kind of a fellow was Emer
son?" "Wai, sir," said the old guide, "he
was a gentlemen every inch — as nice a fel
low as you ever see; pleasant and kind —
and a scholar, too; allushggerin', study in'
and Writin' ; but, sir, he was, I believe, the
all-h'redest homliest critter for his age that
ever came into these woods." — Troy
Times.
Red was for centuries the color worn bv
the great and wealthy of the earth. The
"scarlet" mentioned by Jeremiah and
Solomon siill survives in the state robes of
kings, cardinals and judges. It was uni
versally looked upon as an evil omen
whan Charles I was crowned in robes of
white velvet.
Jarrah wood piles, two feet long and two
inches square, driven thirty-three years
ago at the Largs Bay pier, were found on
examination to be as sound as the day
they were put in.
SOME VERY TAME RACING
Racegoers Did Not Speculate
Very Heavily on the Fields
of "Dogs."
FORTUNA WON AT GOOD ODDS.
Two Favorites First— Greyhurst Was
No Match for Caspar in the
Twc-Year-Old Dash.
To those fond of speculating on the un
certain, yesterday's racing card at the Bay
"THE CALL" RACING CHART.
'Twenty-slxth Day of the California Jockey Club. Weather Fine. Track Fast. Bay Dls
* trict Track, i>nn Francisco. Friday. February al, i896.
728 F Jn.\ ST KACE ~ Five tnrlon Ks; selling; three-3-ear-oMs and up; conditions; penalties: purse
idex. llorse, age, weight. St.
llorse, age, weight.
Jockeys.
Betting.
Op. Cl.
650 I Duchess. 3 91 3
70.'. Huntsman, 5 106 4
639 Leila s. a 110 5
821 i Hazel I>, 3 89 2
621 PelXOttO, 3 104 ,6
645 ! Hupido, 4 104 9
6.!9 Currency, 5 106 11
642 I'laylnl. 4 10'-' 12
675 CrnckiijncKia 108 7
639 Landlord, 5 109 13
597 Sallic alvert. 4..106! 8
709 Japan, 3 99 10
693 George C. 3 99 15
668 Big Chief, 3 I<>4' 1-t
380 Moran, 3 91 17
620 Valparaiso, 5 106 16
597 DuKe Stevens,' 6.. 118 1
!
I
i
1 3
4%
Sh
2 h
8h
7h
13 1
112
9 2
12 1
8 y a
64
16
14
17
15
10 2
14
6 Va
Zh
31
43
8
7
10
9
8
11
12
14
13
17
15 -
16
1 :s K. Jones 5-2
2h Plggott 5-2
3V 2 !Hlnrlchs 8
4 h C. Slaughter... 6
51 - .!. Chorn 6
f. '-' snider 30
7 1 H. Martin |30
8 1 'Chevalier 6
fl 1 [Anderson 20
10 5 |C. Sloan 15
11 iCochran 8
12 IH. Wilson... . 50
13 W. Flynn 8
14 Macklln 8
16 Garner 10
18 |G. Wilson I 30
17 ißozoman 1 10
5-2
3
10
8
8
30
BO
10
30
12
15
60
10
12
10
40
20
::::::::
1
I
Goou start. Won easily,
minutes. Tune, 1 Ml*/*.
Winner, J. C. Humphrey's b. f., by Kd Corrigan-Charlotte. At post 17
7'?Q Js£? ND UACK ~ Three and a half furlongs; two-year-olds; penalties; allowances; purse
Index, i Horse, weight, I St.
(698) Caspar 118 1
710 Ureyuurat 105: 4
715 Lady Lann-lu-ood.lOl ' 6
-Whirlwind 107! 2
687 re<l ranther 101 8
687 Seven Up 10S 7
Lady Hurst 107 5
The Koman HO: 8
1 2
4 2
6 3
2 h
8 i/a
7 20
5 1
8
1 h
2 2
65
3 Ml
4 4
7 10
5 3
8
15 11. Griffin
2 6 IJ. Chorn
3V a 1 Chevalier
4 4 jGarner
6 2 iPlggott...
6 V2 I Coady
7 15 IH. Martin
8 |W. Flynn
ISeuing.
Op. Cl.
I 1
1 1
10
10
40
30
30
30
9- 10
7-5
12
20
100
60
60
100
Good stait. Won easily. Winner, Burns A Waterhouse's b. c, by St. Andrew-Cuslne. startinc
gate used. Time. :4'-'" 4 .
ron THIRD KACE— Seven furlongs; inside course; selling-
I O\J. lies: i>urs«- |4OO.
: penal-
Index.
! Uorse, age, weight, j St.
Jockeys.
I Betting.
I Op. Cl.
647 Modetto, 6 123! 3 4y 2 4 2 32 3h lh IMlller I 3 9-2
64'i Decision. 3 110 4; 1 i/ a 11 lh 2h 2h J. Chorn . 7-2 6
647 Bill McCloskey, 3.115 ll 81 8h 81 84 3h Hhaw " I 3 8-5
693 Adios,3 ..108 9; 9 y 9 3 810 5 2 4h C. Sloan":.'.".!.' 15 30
«v>B My Sweetheart, 4.118 2 63 5 y 4V a 42 6h 11. Llovcl 20 40
609 Salisbury 11, 3.. -.115 8, 62 2y 2 2 2 1y 2 610 M. Griffin 6 9 2
699 City Ulrl, 3 LOB 10 10 10 10 92- 73 Htarlih»°: .V."/: 80 50
695 Nellie G, a 121 7* 3 1 7 1 7 2 7 2 BV. W.Martin..... 6 6
647 Moss Terry, a... .128 6; 7y2 ■ 6 i/ 2 Sh 10 93" lE.. Llovd 20 "0
391 Olivia, 4 118i 6| 2h 3y£ 62 6h 10 Macklln."lKCv". 12 30
Goodistaru Won driving. Winner, Woodlawn stable's br. g., by Hyder Alt-Visalla. At post 12
minutes. ; Time, 1 : 33%.
4 2
1 1
8h
9 3
51/j
is*
71
ey 2
3 1/2
32
1 h
8 1
9 10
4 y 2
2 2
10
72
5 h
6 2
3h
2h
84
6 2
4 2
l>
7 2
10
6h
lh iMHIer |
2 h jj. Chorn ,
3 h ishaw I
4 h jC. Sloan... |
5 h L. Lloyd
610 H. Gri'flin I
7 3 Hinrlehs !
8V 2 |W. Martin
9 3 K.. Lloyd \
10 Macklih |
8
7-2
8
15
20
6
30
6
20
> 12
9-2
6
8-5
30
40
92
50
6
20
30
'"''_> 1 FOURTH RACE— Six furlongs; mares.
; allowances: purse $400
j Index, j Horse, age, weight. I St. 114 y^ 84 I str. I Fin. I Jockeys. I Op. Cl."
703 Fouinia, 5 10"! 6 i 5 i 42 42 11 Piggott.... ~6~ 5
721 Mod.!. 4 104: 4! 41 2 i/ 2 1 h 23 Chandler..." 6 10
689 Arnette, 4 .....104 2 3y 2 31/2 3Va 33 !J. Cnorn 1-3 1-2
I*B6 silver stute, 5. ...107, 1 2h 5 5 44 Shaw ,15 15
B2S Ain.Ti.-a. 4 104| 3 lh lh 2 1 6 E. Jones [16 8
Go 'd marl. Won eas ly. Winner, Encino stable's br. m., by imp. Brutus-Viola Rea. Time 1-1434
(Starting bate nsecLj
St.
5
: 4
2
1
! 3
1
I
5 I 42
4 1 2 i/ 2
3V 2 .g
lh lh
Str.
4 2
lh
3Va
2 1
1 1
2 3
3 3
44
5
PigßOtt
Chevalier
|J. Chora !
Shaw i
K. Jones I
6
6
il-3
i 15
I 16
O P .
CL
5
10
1-2
15
8
!
■ HOf} FIFTH KACE— Three and a half furlongs;
: allowances; purse $400.
Index. Horse, weight.
Ist.
3 A
Str.
Jockeys.
I Benin:;.
<>p. Cl
Rienzi HO 8 '
715 Alma Dale 103 4
641 Diablita 101 j 2
j lLostGirl 107; 6!
Tortoise liuj 1 I
710 D. J. TVil>in 104i S i
Jerlldeno 107 7
Claudia T 110 8 i
JessießartlttDvis 107 9 |
1
I
I
1 3
3 h
2 V2
6 4
4 3
55
7
8
9
1 3
34
2 U
6
4
6
7
8
9
1 3 I Chevalier
2 i-i Coaly
3 3 I'enples
4 4 C. Kussell
5 3 I Krntinß
6 3 U'oehran
710 Moron.
8 3 Hinrichs
9 W. Flynn
I I
(26
n
20
3
4
8-5
4
M)
30
■ ';. 8.
"0
8
»
1
!
Good start. Won easily. Winner, V. Mitchell's br. c, by Tyrant-Electricity.
Time, :43>/2- *Coupled with D. J. Tobin.
Starting-gate used.
TOO SIXTH KACE— Five furlongs; selling; three-year-olds and upward; conditions- penalties-
I 00. purse *300.
Index. Horse, age, weight.
f Betting.
;Op. Cl.
639 Geo. Dickenson.a. 109
555 Fond Hope, 4.. .105:
615 -Bordeaux, 6 108 !
629 Clare K. 5 106
603 thl nook. 4 102i
187 ! Little 1- rank, a.. 108
Hosalle, 4 108
658 Harry (>, 8 98
5-6 Geo. Bonhert, 6 ..106
P2B Sophie It, 4 100;
692 Geronlmo. 3 99'
Nettie D, 3 97
6-0 Loughmore 4 . ...115
2
1
3 j
! 5
9
10 '
; 7 j
8
11
4
6 :
12
left ,
I
1 3
4 2
3 1
2 2
7y 2
9 10
8 2
I 5 1>
j 10
; 1; 11
11
U
1 2
4 1£
3 3
2 3
f>h
7 2
f) 10
6h
10 5
89
11
12
12
6 2
34
2 V 2
7 3
4V
9 2
63
10
8 2
11
12
1 h
2 3
3 2
4 Va
54 :
6 2 1
7 6
8 2
9 8
10 8
11 5 ;
12
shnw '
J. Chorn !
('. Sloan i
0. Bussell
■ Coady i
Castro !
Bozeman
K. Jones '
C'obnrn j
H. Martin....... ,
O'ochran
Heidy.. '
L.Lloyd |
! 6
! 6
i 4
16
1 5-2
150
16
5-2
16
110
6
10
Jl5
6
7
6
12
52
80
30
2
50
20
12
12
40
I ...
I
Good stare Won driving. Winner, Vicl stable's br. h., by Glen Dudley -Jack Winer mare. Time,
1 :03V*«
"THE CALL" RACING GUIDE.
To-day's Entries at Bay District Track.
Id reres where the horses have do record at the distance to be run the records at the next nearest
distance are given.
Abbreviations— F., fast: Fa., fair: 11., heavy; m., mile; f., furlong; •, about.
FIRST RACE— Five furlongs: selling; llfcht welter-weights. — ,
Name.
I Best I
Lbs record, i Dlgt.
Lba
730 Salisbury 11.... [123 1:02 5f
(361 Knsign 119 I
7*o iSen. Hoffman. . : 122
726 Meadow Lark .. 130 1:16 6f
716 Welter J 122 :f>\i\\ Ai' 2 t
716 Belle Stonewall. 128 1:18 '(if
694 Myrtle II 1117 :S6 41/^f
(733) <;co. Dickenson.il 37 1:031/4 b f
704 (Governor Budd 119 1 :0H/a *> 1
721 Imp. Kndymion 119 :. r >s:<, 4 41/2 '
Minnie IJ 117|1:023Cj :> t
BKLOND HACK — Seven and a half f nrloi
95 F. . BurnsdW aterhouse Raclne-imp. Flirt
J. Qarrittjr Im.Glenele-Katiiieen Klnne
I). J.Tobin Imp. Inverness- l>ora
10HIF. .Klmwoodstk farm. Imp. BriiLus-NabPlte.
106 IF. .F. McDermott Imi>. True Briton- Lilly S
100 H. W. B. Sink Spendthrift Miss Nailer
104: F. . T. j. Roche '■ Torso- Lady Leinster
109 : K. . Vicl stable 'Uln Dudley-Jack Miner mare
108 K . 'Woodlawn stable. .. Fresno-Rosa (4
100 F. . Atkln A Lottridge. . Knterprise-saplentla
116 F. . B. Schrelber jAretlne- Pauline
713
720
702
720
730
645
678
73(1
722
727
727
640
624
780
TH
; P.raw Scott..
Morven
SUko j
Jack Atkins ...
Adlos j
Monterey....... ;
I Seaside j
BlllyMcCloskey
K H. Shirley...
1'01Rf1t1. ........ :
Sinbad ..:
swlftsure........
1 Articus ]
City Girl !
Name.
| | Best I I I I I
Lbs record. Dial. Lbs Tk. ; Owner. '
107 1:5534 11.16m 109 11.. B. Schreiner I
107 1:29V2 7f 1128 F..,\Vblle* Clarke....:
iO7 1:17 6f 107 H.. S. c. inidreih :
92 l:0.M/ 2 5f 92 H.. J. P. Atk1n.........
1 93 no ree.. ....C.K.Murray i
102 l:lK%|*6f 103 F.. J. O. Bayley :
I:l4V* *6f 9fl Ka. P. Slebenthaler..... '
1 99 1:47i/3 7Va f 1 112 H.. Pleasant Hill stable
110 1:32i/ 2 7 f 104 11.. F. Brown
10a 1:4034 l m | B6 F.. Owens 8r05. ....
107 1:16%|6f. 109 K.. B. A. i ewis i
100 1:081/4 5y a f I 98 F. . A. H. Sma 1
108 1:56 1 l/s mi 99 Fa. P. Archibald i
90 1:081/2 6^, f [ 91 F... T. Fox |
ur miles: Thornton stakes: purse $3000.
Ip. Midlothian-llelnScratch
Imp. Chevlot-Lurllne
Ip. Mr. Pickwiek-Henlopen
Rpgent-Miandie
Imp. i'irateof Penzance-Jess
HidalgcKilen Ellen
Imp. Marinor-Marin
Joe Hooker-Jessie R
Bonnie Brown-Dispatch
Capt Al-(4old Cup
Joe Ilooker-Rachael
Coloma-l^aura li
, Arcv|p-(»lenloch
! Ip.Traie Wlnd-Migtletoe
RD RACE-
IndexJ
j Bert
Index. l Name. |Lbs record
665 Pepper 109 1:66
(7015) Imn. KtarKuby.. 109 1:48
689 Claudius 117 2:09
63K (Jllead 117 7:H'J
707 jArundel Jll7 1:01
Name.
" I Bert
Lbs record.
1. Dlst. Lbs Tk. Owner.
|li/8 m :107 Ka.jp. Dunne
1 /-/*m 114 R.. jG. B. Morris & C0.... '
jli/4 m : 108 ; F... j KlmwoodstocK farm.
4 m 1 109 H.. ' Sycamore stable
5 f 1 100 F... N. «, Hall
Owner.
| Hin;loo-Franresca
Hampton-Ornament
Imp. Rrutu.s-Swayback
| st. Saviour- Mistake
Duke ot Norfolk-Elaine
FOURTH RACE— ghort course: handicap; steeplechase; about one and a half miles.
Index.
Name.
Best
Lbs, record.
Owner.
Pedigree.
1 Dlst.
Lbs
!Tk.
6.H0 Meater.... 129 3:21 *H/C,m 128 F... F. Furrar..
(718)|Ar«enta 142 2:2014 U/4 m 140 F... L. Kzell ..............
718 Cicer0........... |146|a:66a/ 2ni 147 H. . S. C. Hildreth .....:..
718 Burmah 155 2:Sli/ 4 li 2 m'131 F... \V. O'B. Macdono
'}*■ o< / ■•; 137 3:24 *iy 2 m 122 F....G. Mo herall
Int The Lark - V9 8;!i2% *lVim 138 F... J. T. Clifton...
707 Arundi'l 139 no rec. .... X s Hall
649 Harry Lewis.... 125 no rec ". '.'.'.'. '.'" J.Maddox..' ..'.... ]
613 Adelante — 131 no rec . L...|Wm. Stewart . '.." !
666 Gold Dust ll»a ; 3 : 203/ * y m 122 F." ! «MeWsr?nK^nß I
Falsetto- Woorilarit
Knquirer-Arllla
! Longfellow-Belle Knight
Lady
j -» pache-Irene
Wildidle-by Monday
'Dulce Norfolk-Futurity
Versailles-Cousin Kate
Kl Hio Rey-Ogulena
Oro-Cold Cup
FIFTH RACK-Aboutalx furlongs; handicap.
Index.
Name.
Lbs
I Best
record.
Lbs I
(685) Rellieoso
648 Rosebud
] Dare |
116 I;l6
107 1:13
108i
6f
6f
112 F... Pueblo stable Peel-imp. Janet N
99 F... : Burns.* Waterhouse Tyrant- Rosemary
| |J. Kruse ;Inip. Darebtn-Carrie C
SIXTH RACE-One and a sixteenth miles: purse.
733
7/5
722
Ti'i
725
719
! Best 1
Name. j Lbs record.' Ijiat.
Little Cripple...; 111! 1:46 ilm7oy i
Peter 11 109 1 :42i/i 1 m !
Uncle Giles 109 1:42 l m
E. H. Hherley ..'ll4 1 :32V4 7 1
Moltie R 1104 1:43y, 1 m
Imp. Fullertn L 109 1:181/4 Bf
Lbs | Tic.
109' F...
108 Fa
107 F...
104 H..
86 Fa
101|H..
Ij. Weber Imp.P.Penzunce-Ly stnhpe
F.l m wood 81 k farm. Imp. Brulus-Bonnie Jean
I Nevada stable El Rioßey-Het. Humphrey
F. Brown j Bonnie Brown-Dispatcn
;J. Itobbins .Inip. Mariner-Cnntenac
I Shabbona stable . . . ' Fullerton-Castaway
Owner.
SEVENTH RACE-Flve furlongs: selling.
Index.
Name.
I Best
Lbs record.
Lbs
Pedigree.
634 , Addle M ;'.;;■.;.; |
612 Margaret M ■
733 Chin00k......... j
728 hc\ia.H. ......... !
733 Clare N.......:. !
733 iGeroninio
. 668 Joe Hi11......... j
1383 Belle 0ak.......
1338 Suro
1021 Ttaereia K......
IUB 1:01. Ti
117 :49V5
; 128 .....7.
132 .:......
■ 1 34 no rec .
119 no rec.
j 134 1:01 s.i
117 l:o2<£
130 1:093-4
Xl7 .......
5 f
Va m
97
109
....I
.;...
i
F...
F...
Williams- Morehouse Eolian-by Patsy Duffy
J. Fay 1 Bradford-Woodlodge
William Dlxou ' Imp. Blackbird 11-cnarity
A. H. Knos ! lromvood-Jennie Mack
J. A. f.reer. I DnkeNorfolk-by J Hooker
J. Walsh Apache-AJadeline
J. Hill Kingston-Lady Golden
G. Balr Apache-Martin
Austin <fc Co Imp. Mariner-Zinfandel
F. I'. Maley Torso-Lizzie P
5f
I
...
....
F.V.
F...
F...
»vi y
1./.:....
District was cause for exultation. Two of
the originally carded events — a mile and
twenty yard handicap and a short six
furloug run for three-year-olds — had to be
declared off for lack of entries, compelling
the management to "split" the opening
five-furlong dash that had attracted tbe
entry of about every "dog" stable on the
track, as well as a division of the two-year
old sprint, numbering among its entries a
number of untried quantities. Altogether
it was one of the poorest programmes race
goers have had to grapple with of late.
The favorites had another hard day of
it, Duchess and Caspar being the only ones
to reward their Dackers of six sent to the
pO6t.
Seventeen common selling platers lined
up in the opening scramble at five fur
longs. Duchess commanded first call in
the betting with 13 to 6 about her in most
of the books, and Huntsman wi'.h Pisgott
up was the next most fancied. The favor
ite was in front most of the way, winning
easily, and in a hard drive the second
choice bpat Lelia S out a nose for the place.
||The El Primeio stable's Greyhurst
opened a slight favorite for the first half of
the two-year-old race with eight starters,
but gave way to Caspar, who closed at
4 to s,with the gray eoing back from evens
lo 3to 2. The two choices swung into the
stretch on nearly equal terms, when Cas
par began drawing away and won hands
down in :42%. Lady Laureiwood was
third, behind Grey hurst.
The sevenjfurlong run over the inside
course saw another favorite howled over.
Billy McCJoskey was backed down from 13
to 5 to twos just before post time, but was
unfortunate in getting jostled and almost
thrown to his knees at the first turn and
ended up third. Modesto, a 4 to 1 shot,
won in a drive from Decision.
Four were scratched in the six-furlong
spin for mares, among the number being
Thelma and Wheel of Fortune. With but
five to face the issue Arnette was made a 12
to 5 favorite. The coin did not go in on
her and she receded to 3to 5. America,
backed down from 12 to <>, and Fortuna,
whose price was rubbed a couple of points,
were about the onlv ones supported.
America showed a tine'burst of speed dur
ing the early part of the running, but
faded away in the stretch. Model showed
first as the bend for home was rounded,
but was passed and beaten out a length
easily by Fortuna. The favorite finished
in third place.
There were nine starters in the second
division of the two-y O ar-old three and a
half furlong race. Alma Dale reigned an 8
to 5 favorite in the betting ring, but was
beaten rather handily by the 5 to 1 chance,
Kienzi. Diablita was a'crood third.
The thirteen "crabs"" that started in
the last race, a five-furloug dash, gave
Ferguson considerable trouble at the post.
Neither the 2 to 1 favorite, Harry O, nor
the second choice, Chinook, got "a chalk
mark. The <l to 1 chance. George Dickin
son, lasted long enough to win by a nose
from Fond Hope.
Track and Paddock Items.
The Thornton stake at four miles will be
the attraction at the Bay District to-day.
Starter James F. Caldwell has secured
the rights for the use of the Gray starting
machine in the States of New York and
New Jersey.
Starter C. H. Pettingill, who recently
arrived in the City from New Orleans, was
a spectator at the track yesterday, and
viewed with much interest the working of
the starting machine.
A clause in the conditions of the two
year-old event prohibited the use of whip
or spur. Chevalier, who rode Rienzi, wore
spurs. James Neil, one of the owners of
Alma Dale, who finished second, protested
the winner, and the judges decided that
the mare was entitled to the purse, but
allowed the bets to stand.
George E. Smith (Pittsbarg Phil) has
disposed of his two cracks, Wernberg and
Sweet Faverdale, to Burns it Waterhouse.
AN AWPUL EXPERIENCE.
Trapped In the Fire- Box of a Tug With
the Tug Leaking.
larine engineers have their share of
tling experiences. George J. Little
a story of being trapped in the fire
of a boiler. In just such circum
ces the hair sometimes turns gray,
can never forget it, it" 1 live to be 1
._.s old," said Mr. Little. "It occurrei
on an old Buffalo tug named after C. 1
; Farrar. of the firm of Farrar & Trefts o
! this city. The tug is gone where all gooc
! tugs go, but the memory of that few mi
tiles I spent trapped like a rat in her iir
hox comes back to me often, and I wond
if the man who was with me that a'ternoo
remembers it as vividly as I do.
"It was in the fall of the year, along
December, I tnink. We were laying up
for the winter. We had been breaking ice
all the ween previous, and the old tug was
leaking badly, so badly, in fact, that we
had been obliged to pump her out with a
tin pump twice that afternoon, n was
cold and we wanted to get through with
our job while it was light, so we spent verv
little time on her pumu, and at no time
diil we pump her dry. We kept the water
off the tire-hole floor so "we would not be
obliged to work in the water, and that was
about all. We intended to pump her
thoroughly after we had iinished our other
work. There were two jobs we could do
after dark. One was the pumping and the
other was oiling the inside of the liivbox.
"When a tug is laid up for the winter,
you know, the boiler and every bright part
of the engine is painted over with oil to
prevent it from rusting. The inside of the
lirebox is one of the particular places, and
the owner of the tug had cautioned us not
to slight it. That was one of the reasons
we had to put it off till the last thing. Be
sides we had to use a torch, so it made no
difference if it was dark outside.
"It is necessary that you understand the
construction of the boiler to have a clear
idea of the situation. The boiler was an
ordinary marine boiler, such as we used
ten years ago. It had water legs and a
water bottom, with a damper opening
about five inches wide extending across
the front of the boiler. The furnace door
was such as you will see on any tug in
Buffalo to-day. It was about two feet one
way and eighteen inches the other. The
opening which it covered was a trifle
smaller, but was plenty larsre enough to
allow a man to crawl through it. The door
fastened by a heavy latch on the outside,
which dropped into place whenever the
door was shut. Inside the firebox there
was plenty of room for two men to sit or
knee) and work. The grates were re
moved and there was the room from the
ash-pan, which was the water-bottom, to
the crown sheet. Of course, it was not an
inviting place, nor large enough for a
clubroom, but there was room for the t.wo
of us to work, and, as two can do more
work than one, we crawled in, one after
the other. The one nearest the door — I
forget now whether it was my companion
or myself — reached out the door and
handed in the oil, brushes and the torch.
We put the torcli in the opening of the
Hue back of the firebox and started to
worK. The draught through the door into
the flue was so strong that it threatened
to Mow the light out, so my companion
said to me, 'Shut the door.'
"Without thinking, I reached out and
pulled the door shut. In an instant I rea
ized the situation. I turned to look at m
companion, and saw that he, too, unde
stood. We were in the furnace of th
boiler, with the only exit locked. We ha<
both heard the heavy latch of the doo
drop into place. The tug that we were o
was leaking so badly that she wou!
sink in a few hours unless som
assistance came. Even then we couk
see the water slowly crawling ove
the fire-hole floor. If we called,
would do no cood. We could hardly b
heard on deck, and there was no one-witl
in half a mile of us. The damper-ho
was not large enough to allow a boy to pass
through it, say nothing of a man. All
these thoughts ran through our minds in
a second. We were perfectly familiar with
the situation and knew our chance3 were
slim. I will never forget that scene. Be
fore me sat my companion, in a half
crouched position, his face thrown into
bold relief by the blackness of the iron be
hind him. The flickering light of th
torch gave the face, with tne firm-set jaw
an awful expression. I remember, as
looked into the face that looked into min
with brave eyes, the thought came to me
'Will I meet it as bravely as he?'
"The man with me was the son of the
owner of the boat and my cousin. He was
game to the fullest meaning of the word,
and I knew it. We looked at each other
for at least a minute. It seemed a cenrury.
1 was waiting for him to speak, and ha for
me. I could not. The situation was hope
less. 1 saw his eyes travel to the door,
then to the damper, and then to the flue
in which the torch flickered feebly. Then
his eyes again sought mine as "he asked
in a low, distinct voice: 'Did the door
latch?'
"I put my hand against it and pushed.
It did not give. I nodded my head. I
could noc speak. He half-Uited himself
and kicked the door with ni< foot and it
swung open. The draught «f air put the
light out and in that moment of darkness
I thanked God.
"To this day I cannot understand how
that latch lifted, or, if it did drop why?"
—Buffalo Express.
: »OLO GLORY'S" PLACE.
i
"
*
!
!
,
j
I
Raising the American Banner
Above the German
Hospital.
LETTERS REGARDING THE CASE.
■
A Query From the Assistant Adju
tant-Generai, G. A. R., and the
Answer.
The following communications are self
! explanatory:
llkadqvakters Department of )
California and Nevada, >
San Francisco. February 17, IS9G.)
Managers of the German Benevolent Society—
GENTLEMEN: The statement has been mad©
that the American flax has never been raised
above the German Hospital on National holi
days or if it has it has been drawn up in some
obscure place so it could not be seen very well.
Not believing such statement without having
communicated with you 1 take this means to
most respectfully ask you that in case Old
Glory has to far not had the appropriate posi
tion you will let the American banner fly from
your buildings next Saturday in such a posi
tion that everybody can see it. All right
minded citizens acknowledge the fact that no
part of our people are more loyal and have
greater love for this country and its flag than
the citizens of German birth or their descend
ants, and that nobody is more willing always
and at all places to honor that banner. Very
respectfully, T. ('. Mastkller,
Assistant Adjutant-General, 6. A. K.
San Francisco, CaL, Feb. 31; L 896.
T. C. Masteller Esq., Room 18, St. Ann's Build
ing, City— Dear Sir: 1 am directed to answer
your letter of the 18th inst. addressed to the
German General Benevolent Society, and pro
ceed to do so by first asking you if you did not
Commit a breach of comradeship and courtesy
in not first addressing me, knowing as you do
that the superintendent of the institution you
complain of in your capacity of assistant ad
jutant-general, G. A. X., is nimseli a member
of the order.
Proceeding now to the matter at issue, per
| mit me to explain that the flag adopted by the
German General Benevolent Society for its hos
pital to distinguish it from other hospitals and
to be in harmony with the name ol the City is
the German flag.
The flag, surmounted by the American
streamer, is hoisted in honor of every National
holiday and on Sundays, and for the last three
years the (lug of defrcnet George Sykes Post No.
1551, Department of California, G. A. R." which
was presented to me by vote of the post, is also
displayed from a prominent point over the
main entrance, and we shall continue to thus
honor and observe every National holiday.
We therefore emphatically repudiate the
insinuation that '-the American flag never
flies over the German Hospital on National
holidays, or that if flown at. all it is stuck
away in an obscure position." The German-
American citizens, of whom this society is
mainly composed, yield to no other class of
citizens, native or adopted, in their love and
veneration for . the stars and stripes. Many of
them have fought to preserve and protect that
flag, and all are ready and eager to do so,
should occasion arise. We owe allegiance to
one country and one flag. That country ia th*
land of our adoption and that flag is "Ola
Glory."
We go even further. We have such profound
admiration for the glory and power of that
flag that we deprecate anything like spread
eagleism in connection with it, and believe
that if the flag could speak for itself it would
say to its citizens: "My children, native and
adopted, carry what flag you please as a matter
of amusement or for the sake of that variety
which is the spice of life. [ know that you all
love me and will shed your blood to defend me
should occasion arise."
Assuredly we still cherish in our hearts the
land that cave us birth, but it is not the
sight of its flag that makes our bosoms heave,
our eyes kindle and our pulses quicken: it
takes the stars and stripes to do that. .
These sentiments, I am authorized to say,
the German Benevolent Society of San Fran
cisco will continue to foster, and it hopes that
no American patriot will ever have just reason
to find fault with its doings. Very respect
fully, THEO. V. Brown,
Superintendent German Hospital.
Fifteen men ami twenty-three women
died in Britain during 1895 aged over 100
years.
TOY'S VEGETABLE SARSAPARILLA
'* will bring to your cheek the pink of
health, the roses of life. It cleanses the
blood.
TOY'S VEGETABLE SARSAPARILLA.
" takes away the surplus bile and leaves
the liver in perfect order. It is a true liver
regulator.
t/OFS
TOY'S VEGETABLE SARSAPARILLA
** acts on the bowels gently. There are
no griping pains, no nauseating feelings.
"Women who wish to be regular should use
Joy's Vegetable Sarsaparilla. It is a bowel
regulator.
*"** ~ £ffl Jsf 'JKgr BjEr aA
'mF &pr*f r lK*f*Br j*_tifS
pATARRH FOLLOWS IN THE WAKE
of a cold in the head. When yon suffer
rom catarrh put your system in cood
condition, and this you can do with Joy's
Vegetable Sarsaparilla.
TOY'S VEGETABLE SARSAPARILLA
" can be used by old or young. Take it
moderately. Remember that moderation,
Jn everjlhing jteiaqs to longevity, J_ '^ _J
56
CHARLES M. SHOKTRIDQE,
Editor and Proprietor.
SUBSCRIPTION RATES-Postagc Free:
r»Uy »nd Sunday Call, one week, hy carrier.. ,
Daily and Sunday Call, oiip year, by mail. : . . 6.00
Daily and Sim Cam., blx months, by mail.. 3.00
Daily and Sunday C'ai.<., three months by mail 1.50
tally and Sunday Call, one month, by mail- .65
Kundfcy Cai.i., one year, by mail 1.60
Weekly Call, one year, by mall 1.60
BUSINESS OFFICE:
710 SlarVet Street,
San Francisco, California.
felf phone Main— lß6B
EDITORIAL ROOMS:
. r >l lay Street.
If phone Maln-1874
BRANCH OFFICES :
630 Montgomery 6ireet, corner (.'lay; open until
9:80 o'clock. \ '•>
539 Hayes street; open until 9 -.30 o'clock.
713 J.ark!^ street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
BW. corner Sixteenth and Mission streets; open
until 9 o'clock.
2MB Mission street: open until 9 o'clock.
lib Mnth street; open until 9 o'clocic
OAKLAND OFFICE :
808 Broadway.
EASTERN OFFICE:
Booms 31 and 32, 34 Park Row. New York City.
DAVID M. FOL.TZ, Special Agent.
BATTTBDAY FEBRUARY 22. 1896
THE CALL SPEAKS FOR ALL.
Honor the memory of Washington to
day.
If talking could save Cuba the Senate
would be her salvation.
Huntington's thoughts may be bad, but
his memory of business matters is worse.
Now then if war wishes to come it can —
the Monadnock 1? afloat and we are ready
for it.
Tbe fault with the iistic carnival is that
it was too long in preparing for so short a
frolic.
Leading Democrats are about as shy of a
Presidential nomination this year as if it
were a hornet's nest.
With the growth of the Republic there
should be a growing reverence for the
great men who founded it.
Pon't forget that this is the day to leave
orders for the Sunday Call and make sure
of good reading for to-morrow.
Now that Miss Clara Barton has gained
access to Armenia our money as well as
our sympathy must follow her.
It seems to be the determination of Gen
eral Weyler to ruin Cuba beyond the possi
bility of recognition by anybody.
The vote in the Hou«e on the funding
bill ought to be a Fitzsimmons lick that
would end the tight in one round.
Every National holiday should be faith
fully observed throughout the country,
and this one not less than the rest.
The proposed Balfe-Moore memorial is
catching on to the public, and all who
honor genius should catch on to it.
The citizen who fails to honor the mem
ory of the father of the Republic does not
even show the spirit cf a good stepson.
Louisiana and Arizona do well enough
in opening the carnivals of t tie season, but
it will take California to cap the climax.
Fitzsimmons will now swagger as the
champion elevator of the stage and Cor
bett will have to make a living in a side
show.
If Washington could return to the city
that bears his name be would be surprised
at its growth and alto at some other
things.
I tidependence and union are the founda
t ions of our greatness, and it was through
the patriotic labors of Washington that
both were laid.
Georgia held the Atlanta Exposition, but
we captured the crowd at the show and
have a prospect of drawing settlers even
i ■ in Georgia herself.
The buildings for the Affiliated Colleges
are progressing fairly enough, but between
rry-depot and the Postoilice building
it is still a waiting game.
I'rankfort the monopoly is fighting
for delay, but in Washington Mr. Hunt
ington is in favor of almost anything that
wiil put an end to the strain.
The portions of Washington's farewell
resa pointing out the evils of excessive
party spirit would be good subjects for the
Senate to meditate on to-day.
Now that Phoenix has arisen from her
ashes as it were in a grand fiesta, all Ari
zona is as prond of her as if she were a
real live bird with a tail iike a peacock.
Republicans spoke for Lincoln, Demo
crats sioke lor JacKson, but to-day parties
are silent and all Americans speak with
patriotic pride of the memory of Wash
ington.
If Huntiiigton was worth $1,000,000 be
fore he began railroading he must have
had a very skillful way of slipping it up
his sleeve whenever he saw the tax asses
sor coming.
Senator Morgan may not have been
right in saying Spain would rather sur
render Cuba to the United States than
yield to the insursenta, but the thing is
worth trying.
Suppose the Senate and the House pass
a concurrent resolution calling on the
President to recognize the belligerent
rights of the Cubans and Cleveland re
fuses-—what then?
Hnntington was wrong in saying he has
been accused of everything except piracy,
for as a matter of fact the charges against
him of destroying our shipping industry
virtually amount to that.
The memory of great and patriotic men
is the rco.^t precious heritage of a nation
and should be kept in the mind3 of the
people by the instruction of schools, the
eloquence of orators and every form of
ceremonial observance.
If Mr. Brewster of New York, who
raised the point in the House of Repre
pentatives on Thursday that a certain ex
tract was out of order because it "intro
duced politics into this hall," doesn't rank
as a Congressional wit he ought to.
It is not surprising that Balfour should
favor the adoption of something like
Heed's rule3 for the conduct of business
in Parliament, and the statesmen of other
nations might well imitate iiis example.
It is time that parliamentary government
meant something more than a debating
society.
WASHINGTON'S BIBTHDAY.
By the observance of a National holiday
the people of this country are called upon
to-day to do honor to the memory of
Washington. It is altogether right and
: fitting that they should do so. By his
services and by his charactec he well de
serves the veneration of the American peo
ple for all time to come. He^vas the fore
most champion of our independence, the
founder of the Republic, the exemplar of
: perfect patriotism, the American who
worthily bears the proud honors of being
"first in wai, first in peace and first in the
hearts of his countrymen."
The anniversary of his birth was set
apart as a National holiday in the early
days of the Republic by an almost spon
taneous act of the people. Before Con
gress ordained a general celebration of
the day such observances had become
common nearly all over the Union.
Later on, however, the commemora-
tion of the day ceased to be of
popular interest, and for a time it was
hardly anything more tban an official
function. Fortunately, the spirit of pa
triotism that holds the father of the lie
public in special veneration has revived
p.gain. The celebration this year will be
much more notable than that of n few
years ago, and we may indulge the belief
; that it will increase with the years, and
! become at last a National observance in
j the fullest and broadest sense of the term.
It matters not under what aspect we
consider Washington he appears always
: as the one man to whom we owe the mde
| pendence of the colonies, the adoption of
; the constitution, the successful establish
: ment of the Government, the creator of
the sentiment of National patriotism in
opposition to the local feelings that pre
vailed from New England to Georgia, and
in short the one man who made this
country an independent Nation at tne
critical period of its history, when with
out the strength of his influence u might
have become a system of separate States
hardly stronger than those of South
America.
"When old things terminate and new
commence," says Browning, "a solitary
great man is worth the world." Wash
ington was our great man whose domi
nant will, loft}- virtue and oroad patriotism
made us what we are. We can never too
often recall his fame or his influence. His
"Farewell Address" should be read in
popular assemblies as regulaily every year
as the Declaration of Independence. The
one proclaims liberty and the other re
minds us that liberty depends on law,
and that without a true National pa
triotism we can have neither liberty nor
law. It is most timely that we recall his
wise words of warning now, and every citi
zen should make it a part of his patriotic
duty to join in the celebration of his mem
ory to-day.
VEKY SOTJB GRAPES.
E. C. Benedict of New York, who has
been for years the faithful friend of Grover
Cleveland, and who enjoys his personal
confidence more closely than any other
person ever has or probably ever will, has
consented to be interviewed upon Mr.
Cleveland's aspirations for a third term.
While professing to speak upon bis own
responsibility, and not to involve the Pres
ident in any way, he saya that Cleveland
is tired and weary of the cares of office
and that his thoughts are directed with
the tenderest longing toward the outer
gates of the White House.
The interview being pushed a step
further, Mr. Benedict admitted that he did
not think Mr. Cleveland could be elected
this year, nor indeed, any Democrat, and
that the chances were very favorable for
the Republican ' nominee, whoever he
might be. He thought if the election
could be put off a year even Cleveland
might have a fighting chance, but just
now the contest would be a hopeless one.
This is manifestly leading up to a posi
tive declination on the part of Cleveland
to be a candidate, not that ho does not
want the nomination, not that he would
not reach for it with both hands did it pre
sent any chance of success, not that the
whole Federal power would not be in
structed to manipulate ward caucuses and
county, district and State conventions,
but that he sees the grapes are out of his
reach, and hence, like Br'er Fox in the
fable, he decides them sour, and therefore
not worth trying to reach.
A very large majority of the people of
the United States will a<rree with Mr.
Benedict that this is a Republican year.
The Democratic party, supreme in the
councils of the Nation, has been weighed
in the balance and fouad wanting. Its
fiscal system has been so inane, so ineffi
cient, so lacking in every element of states
manship and good government, that in a
time of profound peace it has been unable
to supply revenue enough to meet the cur
rent expenses of the Nation, and has been
forced to peddle out the credit of the
greatest and richest country in the world
to foreign syndicates to protect the people
against National bankruptcy and repudia
tion. All other questions apart, this in
itself means the restoration of the Repub
lican party to supreme control at the com
ing election, and with this staring him in
the face it 13 little wonder that Mr. Cleve
land's thoughts are directed with tenderest
longing toward the outer gates of the
White House. Of course, should the long
ing become .super-intense, he might re
sign , but that would be to violate one of
the oldest and most cherished traditions
of the Democratic party.
NO MOEE POOLS.
The battle against the downtown pool
room s has been fought to a finish and won
for the people and for the law. The deci
sion pronounced by Judge Wallace in the
case of the People vs. Uriscoll yesterday is
conclusive. The shams, tricks and frauds
behind which the poolroom gamblers un
dertook to carry on their nefarious traffic
in violation of the ordinance of the City
were brushed aside, and the case being
tried upon its merits the poolrooms were
condemned and the law upheld.
The victory thus gained for law and
morality hag not been won without a pro
longed fight. When the issue was first
joined with the poolrooms the astute man
agers of those concerns succeeded in get
tine a judgment in tbeir favor from Judge
Wallace by pretending that they were sim
ply commission men who took money
downtown only for the purpose of invest
ing it in pools sold at the racetrack. On
this showing the case against Isidor Sles
singer resulted in his acquittal. The pool
men were triumphant. They thought they
could goon selling pools with impunity,
that the law was a farce and that justice
was too blind to see the difference between
a pool gambler and a commission mer
chant.
The opponents of the gamblers, however,
did not»despair. Little by little evidence
was gathered by Tub Call which clearly
showed that the case aguinst Messinger
had been "cooked" to make a showing of
a commission business. Attorney John
T. Dare was equally vigilant in watching
the proceedings of tke gamblers and
preparing to make a case against
them that they could not evade. This has
now been accomplished. In the Driscoll
case the pretense of & commission business
THE SAN FRAJv CISCO CAJLJb, SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 22, 1896.
j was completely exposed. It was made
clear that the gamblers wens directly vio
■ lating tne City ordinance, and Judge Wal
| lace affirmed the decision of the Police
| Court against the accused.
Out of this victory comes encouragement
i for the prosecution of other cunning and
! inveterate violators of the law. The his
tory of the whole fight affords a proof that
■ when the people are resolute to enforce
j laws a way can be found to do it. It will
be well for those wlio have been offending
to profit by what has happened to the
! pool fakirs. In this instance but one law
j breaker has been condemned, but sooner
| or later there will . be pun ifihment for all.
SHIPPING POORSEAMO.
A correspondent has written to The
Cali, a suggestive and instructive letter
] explaining much of the cruelty practiced
! by the officers of American vessels, and
j explaining why similar complaints are not
! heard in England to so great an extent. A
i potent cause of the existing evil is the
I practice of receiving men presented by
I sailor board ing-nouse keepers. Officers
I having no other recommendation of the
i efficiency of the men offering themselves
often iind when it is too late that the so
j called sailors are not efficient in any sense ;
! that, worst of all, they know nothing
; about the discipline of a ship, and as a
! consequence are impudent and mutinous.
Ail this exasperates the officers, reduces
the working force of ' the vessel, increases
the risks, imposes unjust burdens on the
skillful sailors who may happen to be
shipped and lowers the general standard
of seamanship.
In England, as our correspondent points
out, a sailor must produce a certificate
from the Board of Trade of the port at
which he offers himself. This is a guar
anty that he is efficient. For the protec
tion of the sailors, on the other hand, the
officers are required to undergo an exami
nation and carry a certificate. These dif
ferences between American and English
methods largely account for the superior
prosperity of English shipping.
It is a wonder that the plan in vogue in
this country does not transform a greater
number of American officers into savaces
and lead to more dreadful results than are
reported. The accounts that come to light
are bad enough, but they work a manifest
injustice in holding American officers
solely responsible for lapses in our law.
It is undeniable that a sinele incoin-
petent or insubordinate seaman on a ves
sel is a menace to the safety of the ship
and the lives of all on board. Discipline
is absolutely necessary, but manifestly it
cannot be carried to an extreme length
without producing discontent and invit
ing mutiny, and that is what the officers
are bound not to do. It is easily sup
posable that ruffians picked up in the
streets, witli no idea of a suilor's business
or the necessity for strict discipline, would
prove very ugly customers to deal with on
the high seas.
Boarding-house keepers may be per
fectly sincere in their recommendations,
but evidently they are not in a position to
be the best judges of a man's seamanship.
In this country, where the ports are so
widely separated and where uniformity ol
State action is hazy and difficult, the mat
ter of certifying to the competency of a
sailor might properly be a function of the
General Government. That duty, wisely
exercised, would be a protection to sailors,
officers and ship-owners and to the owners
of cargoes. It is remarkable that we have
not learned to appreciate and adopt the
superior features of the English shipping
law.-.
"THE SUNDAY CALL."
The principal features which have been
prepared especially for to-morrow's Call
include the followinsr:
"The Passing of the Horse" is a group
of interviews with liverymen and others
having an interest in horses, and refers to
the question concerning the usurpation of
the horse's functions by the bicycle. It
contains a great deal that is instructive as
well as interesting.
Denis Kearney contributes a breezy
story of early days, referring to a well
known sea captain who became converted
to religion and who transformed his vessel
into a Gospel ship and his sailors into
devout worshipers, until they encountered
the seductions of the water front. The
account embraces the names of a number
of well-known men hereabout.
"A February Flitting," by "Miss Rus
sell," gives a spirited description of a drive
through one of the most charming sections
of Santa Clfira County.
An able pen-picture of Senator Morgan
of Alabama is presented by an intimate
friend of Mr. Huntington's Nemesis. As
this able Democrat has suddenly arisen as
the champion of California's liberties the
sketch will have a direct interest for all.
"A Strange Tale From Rome" is a weird
and powerful sketch by John McNaught,
who assumes to report an astonishing de
velopment of the possibilities lying in the
cathode ray.
Two doctors in active practice in Urn
City, one 84 and the other 95 years of age,
are introduced in a happily written sketch!
W. C. Morrow's contribution isastrange
and highly dramatic tale illustrating a
pathetic phase of a mother's love for her
child.
These are but a few of the special fea
tures. Numerous others will appear and
besides them will be complete discussions
of fashions, notes of social happenings, a
tine literary department, an array of recent
steps of progress in the arts and sciences,
the children's page and a number of other
good things. This number of The Call is
admirably suited for sending East.
WORKING PETTT PRISONERS.
The advantage accruing from an intel
ligent employment of petty offenders in
making roads is receiving a pleasing illus
tration in the southern extremity of the
City, which is both convenient to the
Branch County Prison and in great need
of this improvement. Fifty men and six
good teams have transformed n number of
defective highways into valuable promo
ters of settlement. The good results de
rivable from Buch an employment of
prisoners are these: First, valuable pub
lic improvements are made; second, a
considerable expense i9 saved to the pub
lic, this tending to lower tax rates and to
invite development both on that account
and by reason of improved public facilities;
third, the work is beneficial to the men
who perform it, not only because it assures
them good health, but also for the reason
that it may encourage a habit of industry
in them ; fourth, it may tend to reduce
the number of petty offenses.
Some years ago there was a sentiment
against this use of public offenders. Its
origin was in the belief that work so done
came into competition with that of free
men. That will be the case wherever
work has to be done, whether by prisoners
or free men. Such is not the case with a
wide range of work which prisoners may
do and which otherwise would remain
undone.
The subject is particularly interesting at
this time when so strong headway has
been acquired for the good-roads move
ment, and it is a matter which deserves
the attention of those who are promoting
tbat movement. It would be well to
gather statistics showing how much the
various counties of the State have saved
say during the last ten years by this em
ployment of prison labor. That the idea
has been carried to nothing like its legiti
mate possibilities goes without question,
but that does not render its possibilities
any the less attractive.
PERSONAL.
Dr. C. S. Royer of Halifax, England, is at the
Graud.
H. if. Singer of Pasadena is among the recent
arrivals here.
C. A.Storke, the attorney of Santa Barbara,
is at -the Lick.
W.J. De« tin, editor of the Madera Tribune,
is in the City.
Dr. L. P. de Grandprl of Fail River, Mass., ar
rived here yesterday.
R. A. Long, tho attorney and politician of
« lhows, is at the Grand.
Mrs. Lee Davenport of Los Angeles is regis
tered at the Cosmopolitan.
David Stark of the Pacific Surety Company
is on a visit to Los Angeles.
Lewis E. Williams, a mining' superintendent
of Butte, Mont., is in town.
Sheriff a. C. Busch of Downieville, Sierra
County, arrived here yesterday.
I. C. Steele, the wealthy dairyman and busi
neßS man of Pescadero, is at the Russ.
Selden L. Jones, a well-known commercial
man from Chicago, is at the Cosmopolitan.
E. D. McCabe of Sacramento, private secre
tary of Governor Budd, is at the California.
Mrs. S. S. Briggs, who owns large ranches
near Woodland and Davisville, is at the Lick.
J. B. Overton, superintendent of the Virginia
City and Gold Hill Water Works, is at tho
Russ.
W. F. Newell of Olympia, 6on of W. F. New
ell, one of the Territorial Governors of Wash
ington, is on a visit here.
Howard J. Ball of Buffalo, general passengtr
agent of the Delaware, Lackawanna and Wes
tern Railroad. Is at the Palace.
W. 11. Proctor and daughter and S. E. Searles
and wife, of lowa, who are visiting California
on a pleasure tour, are guests at the Cosmo
politan.
E. C. ?Apperson of Santa Clara, who owns
herds of cattle and is interested in different
enterprises, has arrived here after an exten
sive tour of the East.
Colonel Joseph M. Locke of Cincinnati, Ohio,
now retired from the United States army, and
who was one of the first to cross tne plains iu
1849, during regular service, is a guest at the
Cosmopolitan.
Judge and Mrs. J. W. Mitchell of Los Angeles
are here. Judge Mitchell is a member of the
Democratic State Central Committee. Mrs.
Mitchell is a trustee of th» Reform School at
Whittier, by appointment of Governor Budd.
Dr. Thomas E. Peery of Tazenea, Va., is at
the Grand. He has been making a tour of dif
ferent parts of the country in order to inform
himself regarding various places. He has rel
atives here and at Santa Ilusa, and thinks of
settling in California.
Rear Admiral S. MakarofT of the Russian
navy, who is en route from the Tai Lung penin
sula to take command of the department of
the Baltic, is visiting Monterey, Santa Cruz,
San Jose and Mount Hamilton. He was at the
latter place last night.
Senator Mcl'hcrson of New Jersey who has
been for some days at the Palace Hotel, is in
California for his health. It has not been good
for some time. The ten years of his experience
in the United States Senate from his State
seems to have been injurious to his constitu
tion. His familv is with him and he is living
very quietly.
F. E. James Anderson, a young artist and
architectural draughtsman, who has made a
name for himself in a residence of a few years
in the Northwest— Tacoma, Portland and
Seattle— has been called to this City to do cer
tain work in connection with the rebuilding
of the old City Hall. He has made a picture oi
the new building in colors that is attracting
attention.
At the annual meeting of the Woman's Ex
change, just held, the following were elected:
President, Mrs. John Cum-y; vice-presidents,
Mrs. Henry Sehrniedell, Mrs. Henry Weather
bee, Mrs. H. L. Dodge, Mrs, Louis Sloss; treas
urer, Mrs. W. P. Morsran: recording secretary,
Mrs. Sophie Lilienthal; corresponding secre
tary, Mrs. Sands W. Forman; directors. Mrs.
Henry Pchinii'dell, Mrs. John Currey, Mrs. >:.
S. Breyfogle, Mrs. Albert T. Spotts, Mrs. Mc-
Kinptry, Mrs. Henry Weatherbee, Mrs. Sands
W. Forman. Mrs. H. L. Dodge, Mrs. Louis Sloss,
Mrs. W. P. Morgan and Mrs. Soptiie Lilienthai.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, N. Y., Feb. 21.— Among recent
arrivals are: J. L. Howard, Holland; G. R.
Bond. Plaza; E. C. Herr and wife, Park Ave
nue.
CLEVELAND'S DEBT.
Its Increase since the Beginning of
the New Fiscal Year.
New York Press.
ALASKAN LONGITUDES.
The coast survey authorities in Washington
are preparing for tha determination of longi
tudes of all the noted headlands, passes and
harbors in the Aleutian group westward from
Sitka. ;it is understood that a chronometric ex
pedition is projected for this longitude worn,
as the only present practicable plan of mukine
the determinations. The longitude of Sitka
has been well established by transporting
chronometers from Tacoma, the latter a tele
graphic longitude station. Fifteen chronome
ters were used in the Sitka work, three at each
station, for local time, while six "travelers"
were transported on six trips between the two
places.
It is proposed this season to make Sitka the
base from which a number of chronometers
will bo carried as "travelers" backward and
forward on successive trips as far west as
Unalaska Island, where tho local time will bo
accurately determined and time comparisons
made with the traveling chronometers, from
which the Sitka time may be deduced, and this
will give the difference of time or longitude
between the two places.
The same method will give the longitude of
intermediate stations at which observations
will be made for local time in connection with
chronometer comparisons.
Traveling chronometers for longitude work
are very carefully selected, and they are treated
with the highest consideration in an endeavor
to make them tell the exact truth while travel
ing. "Travelers" are sent in charge of an
officer, who is expected to give them special
attention as to conduct, and to carefully wind
and compare them at regular intervals, and
usually they are not allowed to be moved from
the transporting vessel, a standard chronome
ter the error and rate of which have been care
fully determined, is taken on board by the local
time observer at the station in order to make
comparison with the "travelers."
The method of transporting chronometers
for determination of difference of time or
longitude between two places lias been super
seded in modern days wherever telegraph
lines «re available by "telegraphic longitude '
determinations, in which two observers at
places more or less remote from each other
carefully determine, each for himself, the local
time at Lis station, then compare the time
by telegraph, the difference thus obtained
giving tile difference of longitude. This
method was first suggested.it is believed, by
Sears C. Walker, an American astronomer,
was adopted by the Coast Survey during the
superintendence' of Professor Alexander
Dallas Bache as early as 1849, and has since
been developed by his several successors in the
administration 01 the work.
Telegraphic longitudes are of course imprac
ticable at present for the Aleutian Islands and
therefore the transportation of chronometers.
Carefully adjusted, carefully rated and first
class modern instruments will be used on the
proposed determination of longitude westward
from Sitka. This method in the early deter
mination of difference of longitude between
America and Europe gave fairly good results
for practical use of mariners. The Encyclo
pedia Britannica states that previous to the
year 1849 373 chronometers had been carried
between the Unifed States Naval Observatory
at Washington, 1). C.and Greenwich, England,
the difference of time deduced being 5 hours,
e minutes and 1'J.52 seconds, differing from
the most refined modern value .43 of a
second of time, approximately equal in the
moan latitude of the two places to 155 yards.
if the transportation of coast survey chro
nometers in this proposed expedition through
tne Aleutian group shall be equally successful
in obtaining accurate results, a boon will be
conferred on navigators who are now obliged
in thick or fopgy weatner to grope their way
under conditions of great difficulty from im
perfect determinations of longitude in that
hitherto remote region.
It is understood that some forty chronome
ters have been discussed and former records
compared in order that none but rirst-class in
struments be takenonthe proposed expedition.
A LOCK OF WASHINGTON'S HAIR.
Among the many rare curios left by the late
William A. Woodward of the Alta is ono which
on this day is of especial interest, being a gold
medallion three inches in circumference,
handsomely chased in the old style of hand
work, while inserted in the obverse, securely
fastened in, and further protected by a circu
lar piece of glass, are two locks of hair from
The Medallion.
the heads of Washington and Charles Carroll
Of Carroll ton ; that of Washington's being on
top of the dividing band of gold, which bears
the names of "Washington and Carroll."
On the reverse is engraved an inscription as
follows:
: "HAIR OF WASHINGTON AND CAR- :
: ROLL. THE ABOVE HAIR WAS PKE- :
: SBNTSD TO MRS. JOHNSON BY AN*
I OLD SERVWT OF GBN. WASHING- ;
: ton, at mount vkknon, 22b FEB., :
; JB3'J. THK HAIR BKLO W WAS Pith- :
: BKNTEDAT UALTTMOKK. 24th FFB. •'
: 1882. 3IKAXTDIIC THE BAND '•
: PLAYING THE NATIONAL AIK, OF :
: YANKEE DOODLE."
' '• /.....:
Above the inscription is an old-fashioned
trumpet, supported by flaps, while the base and
sides are surrounded by a rose vine in heavy
relief, the rose probably being suggested by k
thought of the mother country.
The inaccuracy of the work, the old color of
the gold, all proclaim its authenticity. This
unique carlo came into the possession of Mi
Woodward in the following manner:
Some time in the 1b te sixties or eariy seventies
he was approached by a mulatto, who, a
stranger in California, was in df-stitute cir
cumstances, and offered this medallion for
sale, saying his grandfather, Francis Johnson,
wns the colored bandmaster to whom it was
originally presented. Mr. Woodward, being
impressed with his straightforward manner
became possessor of the curio, which is still
ri'tuincd by his family and carefully cherished
Marks on the reverse of the medallion show
where some covetous curio.sitv-himter has en
deavored to detach the outer plate— though
in fact, the little locks of hair themselves
would be of small account without their ac
companying authentication in metal.
Mary W. Edwards.
VIEWS OF WESTERN EDITORS.
The Turk a Monopolist.
The Turk seems to have a monopoly of the
butchering business, and nobody tells him
nay.
One Good Trnat.
San Jose Mercury.
There is one good trust that henceforth is
bound to flourish, and that is the trust in the
United States.
Really, He Cannot, Remember.
San Jose Mercury.
Mr. Huntington has not yet explained why
the affairs of the Central and Southern Pacific
need explaining.
Words and Deeds.
Santa Clara Journal.
The value of a citizen to a town is not what
he says he will do, but what he actually does
for the good of the town. Talk is cheap— it is
actions that tell.
Stop the Whole Business.
.a :.!:.. .:.i. Telegram.
The notorious pugs are having another in
ning. Public sentiment is against prize-fight
ing and as the pugs are unable to kill each
ether except by talk, the law should put a stop
to the whole business.
In Case Xansen Has Found It.
Palo Alto Times.
If Dr. Kansen has actually discovered the
north pole, we may exnect that Great Britain
will speedily lay claim to the better part of it
and that the Southern Pacific will obtain a
monopoly of the railroad traffic by lobbying
through a United States Congressional subsidy.
Protection for San Francisco.
Pasadena News.
San Francisco feels a little easier in mind
now that its harbor is defended by three dyna
mite-throwers and that three big rifled cannon
are being mounted, two weighing thirty tons
apiece and one fifty tons. Now let the Japs or
the Chilians or any other fighting natioa come
on.
Not Greater Than law,
Fresno Republican.
The Republican does not hold Mr. Cleveland
responsible for bad weather, short crops, etc.,
but when his Cabinet Qfficers or agents violate
a Chinese-exclusion law, a silver-purchase act,
a seed-distributing act, etc., it does hold him
very directly responsible. In brief, we hold
that neither he nor his Cabinet is greater
than law.
Too Mm ii Cramming.
Sacramento Hee.
Cramming appears to be the order of the day
in our public schools, and the evil is constantly
augmented in place of being reduced. It is a
crying shame to see little bits of tots straining
under the weight of books which they are
carrying to school. Not only that, but the
evenings, which should be given to recreation
and to rest, have to be devoted to learning
their lessons, in the lower grades, at least, all
studying as well as ,all reciting should be done
during the study hours.
Fight the Funding Bill.
Stockton Express.
After noting the many papers, and especially
what is termed the country press, that are ad-
Tocating the passage of a railroad funding bill,
it shows that either ignorance or venality has
prompted the course they are taking. In either
case the honest people can but deplore the fact
that the press, which should at all times advo
cate the best interests of our people, have
largely turned against them. The masses who
support the press have it right to demand an
honest service for their hard-earned dollars.
ACROSS THE DELAWARE.
The winter nigbt Is cold and drear
Along Die river's sullen How;
The cruel frost la camplii? here —
The air has flying blades of snow.
Look I pushing from the Icy swand.
With ensigns freezing in the air,
There sails a small hut mlirhty band.
Across the dangerous Delaware.
O wherefore, soldiers, would you fight
The bayonets of a winter storm?
In truth, it were a better nijjtit
For blazing tire, and blankets warm!
We seek to trap a foreign foe.
Who flu MtemaetTW with stolen fare;
We carry Freedom as we go
Across the storm-swept Delaware !
The night is full of lusty cheer,
Within the Hessian's nierrv camp;
And faint and fainter on tue ear
Doth fall the heedless sentry's tramp,
0 hirelings, this new Nut ion's- rage
Is something 'tia not well to dare;
1 on are not fitted to engage
These men from o'er the Delaware !
A rush— a shout— a clarion call.
Salute the early morning's Kray:
Now, roused Invaders, yield or fall ;
__ The refuge-lanct has won the day !
Soon shall the glorious news tte hurled
Wherever men have wrongs to bear:
For Freedom's torch illmues the world,
And God has crossed the Delaware!
will Carlkton in Every Where for February.
PARAGRAPHS ABOUT PEOPLE.
The late Lord Leighton took infinite pains
with his lectures on art, rewriting one of them
thirteen times
The capital of the Rothschild firm is now
said to exceed £200,000,000, and the Vienna
branch of the family is tiie richest.
Ex Congressman W. M. Cocker of Tennessee,
who died a few dayi ago, was the man who
caught John Quincy Adams in his arms when
Adams fell in the corridor at the Capitol at
Washington shortly before his death.
Speaker Reed is a night worker, and often
sits up until 2 o'clock in the morning, prepar
ing his speeches and magazine articles. He
writes everything with his own hand, except
his letters, and submits all hia important work
to Mrs. Reed.
George Meredith, as did Anthony Trollope.
rides to hounds as boldly and brilliantly in old
age as in youth. He also tramps miles over
moor and field in all sorts of weather, dressed
in a cream-colored flannel shirt, a black and
white scarf and a mole-colored corduroy coat
and trousers.
CURRENT HUMOR.
"Aren't you the same beggar that I gave half
a pie to last week?"
"I guess I am, mum ; but I'm willin' to let
bygones be bygones. It ain't in my heart to
bear no malice."— lndianapolis Tribune.
Erne— Jack, papa said we must not see each
other any more.
Jack— lndeed! Shall I turn the gas out?—
Harper's Bazar.
She— Poor fellow ! Only one eye. How came
you to lose the other?
Tramp— A-looking for work, mum.— London
Tit-Bit:-.
"Do you know there are deadly microbes in
ice?"
"Dear me! Will I have to put moth balls in
the refrigerator?"— Chicago Record.
"Yes," said the girl who collects, "it is one of
the best autographs I have in my collection."
"But are you sure it is genuine?" asked her
friend.
"Positive. I cut it with my own hands from
a telegram that his ivife received from him "—
Tit-Bits.
First Farmer— Has the.lawsuit between you
and Heysede been settled?
Second Farmer— Yes; and so are the lawyers,
"How do you mean ?"
"They're settled on our farms. "—Philadelphia
Record.
Hoax— My wife and some of her friends are
going to organize a secret society.
Joax— Nonsense ! The idea of women in a se
cret society.
Hoax— You misunderstand. They are to meet
to tell secrets.— Philadelphia Record.
Two Ilarvard graduates: Rev. Dr. Discord-
Why, dear Jack, I am glad to see you. You
are looking so well. What have "you been
doing?
Jack Scraggs-Pitch ing for a league club at
?5000 a year. What are you doing?
Discord— Preaching for a chapel at $500 a
year.— Texas Siftings.
Anna— ls it an interesting story?
Daisy— Extremely interesting! I don't think
I skipped twenty pages.— London Tit-Bits.
A STYLISH MISSES' SKIRT.
Misses' skirts are cut on the same lines as
ladies' to fit over the hips and plain at the foot.
The one shown here has the latest arrangement
of the back gores, that of two box-uleats formed
by two gores. The fronts and sides arc cut in
one, maklns In all three pieces in the entire
skirt. The front and sides being well rounded
no Vs are necessary at the top. Separate skirts
of serge, cheviot and tweed made to wea?
«i.*m Shlr H walstß for B P riR whj le waists of
plaid cashmere are worn plain for school and
rough wear. Skirts of mohair, either plain or
figured, are much liked for m sses T C new
bonde wool canvas is charming also and Z
quite dressy. No trimming is used i'n?hJ'
Skirts ; they are generally lined throuijhon t
and some have a six-inch band of haircloth at
the foot. Binding is a matter of taste asthpr^
a^ea^^sV. 6 "- A i&Cl ° S ° f the S^Vi'SS
ANSWERS TO^ CORRESPONDENTS.
.... Peddlers- J. W. R., City. There is no ordl
nance of this City that prohibits peddlers w."
offering or crying out wareson Sundlv m
Sullivan - Mitchell -S., ■ Knoxville. cal '
Answers to Correspondents has not been able
to find any record to substantiate th«T a , *
mentthatin the fight botween*niiil Btate "
Mitchell Mitchell was paid Hooo tomasA a ,? d
contest a draw. touuu tomaiceuie
■ A Question of Law— g. a H at tt*i=
Cal. The question you ask is one of tliSe that
require a judicial interpretation »T
wish to establish your right in the 1 * ?OU
you can do so by instituting an " «£h P rtmi ses
Justice Court lor the possefsion ofyour ™- the
erty, but as the value is small \ ? t J °&
probably cost you more in laTyVrV/eKS
\ limb If y ° U M ant * SUfe fdief for ains ia the back^sid^chest/orj
Alicock's %Z
7 Bear in Mind— Not one of the host of counterfeits and imita- \
Ftions is as good as , the genuine. ■
<'<.ms than the whole is worth, and then the
court might decide ayainst you.
Foreign* Population— S. L.Fresno, Cal. In
1890, at the time the census was taken, there
were 9,249,547 persons of foreign birth in the
United States, divid.-d as follows: North and
South America, • 1,088,245 or 11.07 per nent:
Great Britain and Ireland, 3.122.91J or 33.76
per r»nf Germanic nations, 3,119,583 0r33.<3
per cent; Scandinavian nations, 033,249 or
10.03 ■ per cent; Slav nations, 510,625 or
5.52 per cent; uitin nations. 319,822 or 3.46
per cent; Asiatic nations, 113,883 or 1.23 per
cent, and ali other nations, 41,729 or .45 per
cent.
Mining Claims— J. C. a., Cherokee Flat, Cul.
According to the ruling of the General Land
Office mining claims may be located by either
male or female. Another rating is, the fact
that a locator is under til years of age does not
render the location invalid. Xo placer loca
tion can exceed Wo acre* for one person or
association ot persons. There is no law to pre
vent parties from locating other claims on the
same lodu outride oi" the tirst location. There
is no law that would prevent partners from
locating one alongside of the other if eacli
took up a location in his individual name.
Oi'.ientand Occident— H. A., Nape, Cal. It
is proper for the people of the Pacific Coast to
speak of the countries oi Asia as the Orient for
the reason that they iiro in the eastern part of
the world; the Pacific States are in the west
ern part; therefore it & proper to speak of
them as being in the Occident. If you will ex
amine a geographical «lobe yon will discover
that China is not west of California, but di
rectly underneath it. A person starting from
almost any part of the world can move east
ward, Circle the world and return to the start
ing point, but not in a straight line. He
would have to lollow the lines of travel.
Tax Title— J. B. L., Las Gatos, Cal. A deed
given for property that, under the old law, vas
purchased at a tax sale, gave the grantee abso
lute title io the land described therein, as of
date of expiration of the period for redemp
tion. The period within which a purchaser
could redeem was twelve months from the
date of sale, and the amount he would have to
pay was the sum charged against the property
and 50 per cent additional. A; the expiration
of the time for redemption the- purchaser, hav
ing obtained his deed, could demand whatever
he pleased. The bolder of. the tax title could
give a clear deed to tlmt portion he purchased.
Famovs broken candies, 10c lb. TowDsend. •
John W. Bookwalter, once Democratic nomi
nee for Governor of Ohio, ha* the finest collec
tion of Japanese rword heads in the country,
and also has many valuable specimens from
Egypt, India, Turkey and all corners of the
world.
Jess— George asked me last nigbt If the roses
on your cheeks were genuine.
Bess— And you said ?
Jess— Nothing; simply winked.— Puck.
Palace mixed candies, lf>c lb. Townsend. •
Molasses crisp corn candy. Townsend. ♦
The Demand for Good Koads.
Placer Representative.
The fact that bicycles are being extenslTely
introduced Into our military service makes It
all the more necessary that we have good roads
throughout the country.
A Xice present for Eastern friends—Town
send's Cal. glace fruits, 50c lb. 627 Market st. •
Fpkctal Information daily to manufacture:*,
business houses and public men by the Fran
Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Montgomery. *
Praying to the Congressmen.
Tuolunane Independent.
More religion and less politics in the prayers
of Congressional chaplains might be less sen
sational, but it would be a great deal more sen
sible and more in keeping with the professed
calling of the chaplains.
Takk Hooas Sarsruiurilla to pure all troubles
arising or promoted by impure blood, to make your
iifivi s stronjr, to restore appetite and insure good
health to the whole systi-m. Tako only Hood's.
Faded hair recovers us youthful color and
softness by the use of Parkers Hair Balsam.
Pakkeb's Ginuki: Tonic cures inward pain.
If your complaint is want of appetite try half a
wine glass of Dr. fc-iegert's Angostura Bitters be
fore meals.
Irritation of the throat and Hoarseness
are immediately relieved by "Brown's Mroncfital
Trr>rhrs." Have them always ready.
y.^.-.V NEW TO-DAT. ;l'
REAL ESTATE
FOR SALE BY !
Ilos. lap & Sods,
REAL ESTATE AGENTS
And Publishers "Real Estate Circular."
4 Montgomery Street,
mm trim BUILDI.VG, CORSER MARKET.
NEW- PROPERTY.
120x160 to rear street; on Second St., near
Townsend and railroad tracks: cheap.
Brannan st.. bet. 'id and 3d; 137:6x275 and
68:9x80 on rear street; olitap.
Water-front corner: 60 vara; cheap.
Downtown corner; new brick building; rented
to 1 tenant for 15 years at 9235: $36,000.
Corner covered with improvements; rents 9450;
7 stores; downtown.
INVESTMENTS.
Downtown business investment; • rents steady
$460: $90,000: on a progressive street.
.Rents $268 50; $28,000; 44 feet front: Clay st.,
near Hansoir.e: steady renting; brick building.
Within l&O feet of Market st.: aowmown; 29x
65 and frame building; onl7 932,000; a fine in-
vestment; $20,000 ou it and can remain at 6V4
percent.
Kirst-st. Investment: new building; leased 5
years; $175 a month; $30,000.
City Hall lot: north side Market St.; 25x100 and
brick improvements; bringing small rental; 955,-
-000 . -* - • ■EJB£&tt3' ■ \
Third st., near Mission; brick building; leased at
$145; $22,500.
Make offer; Kllia-st. corner; rents $274 6O;
$30,000; 90x126: covered with 6 2-story dwell-
ings and 9 flats: both streets la good order; must
be sold to close an estate.
Howard St.; 45:10x137:6: north side, close to
Steuart; short block from water front ; only $1 3,-
Geary-st. business corner: 3 frontages; rents
$142 50; near Taylor; $25,000.
Devlsadero-st. investment; between' Post and
Sutter ; 35x137:6; $7200.
Howard st,, west side, bet. Sixth and Seventh:
28x90: 2-story; double store, and flat of 10 rooms
above: rents about $700 a year: $8760.
Sacramento st.: rents $100; $10,000; bet.Kearny
and Dupont: rented to Chinese tirm. who have
been there nearly 20 years: lot 25x137:6, and a
good 2-story and basement brick.
HOUSES AND LOTS, «3000 AND UP-
WARD. ;iT
" Jackson St., bet. Fillmore and Webster: north,
aide; 25x127:8, and 2-story modern residence;
10 rooms and all conveniences: '00.
( Clay st., bet. t-'cott and Devisader): fiats will
built and cost- 9401)0; rents $57 50: lot 25x125;
$6600; fine neighborhood.
Offer wanted: residence ou I.yon St., bet. O»k
and Page, overlooking the park; modern residence
in fine order; only $7500.
Lioerty st. ; house and lot 25x115, and comfort-
able 2-story; bet. Valencia and Uuerrero: one of
the finest residence Hin-ets of t lie Mission; 9400).
Shotwell st., west side, near Twenty-second,
56x96:6, and two cottages. 5 rooms and bath each;
rentss3o; fine street ; oily $5000.
$301)0— Bryant st., near Third; cottage and. lot
22.i80 to rear lane.
MARINE VIEW AND OTHER CHEAP
LOTS.
Marine view, north side Brondway, bet. Devis-
adero and Broderlck; finest vi- > on Pacific
Heighu and cancot be shut off; ii>xl37:6; only
96400, or larger lot. „ •
Ki-dui't'd to $901)0; make offer: W. cor. Pacific
ave. utid Broderick St.; 36x127:8: a very sightly
lot with view of bay and 1 Ijlock from the i ars.
Pacific ave., north side; anv size, 25, 50 or 78
feet front: price reduced to $200 a foot; marine .
view. - --^ r .-
-$4OOO— Very cheap; T) st., facing the park; corner
Thirty-fifth ave., 18 large lots.
. Rediu-ed to $4100; Urove and Lyon corner-
-37:6x10- for business or residence.
S2loo— Very cheap; Oak st., facing the park; lot
25x100.\ V T~~ ~FKBRI'ARY 22. 1896
AMUSEMENTS.
dwtn Thfatkr.— Opera— " ll Trova-
ton«" and ■■ I ' Pagliaeci."
(AJ.iroKxiA Thkateb— "Richard III."
i ohmbia Thkatkk— "The Old Limekiln."
Mokosco's OrEBA-HoCU Wife for Wife*"
Tjvoi t Opkra-Housk.— "Pel Freischutz."
• •BrHKiTM.— High-Cliiss Vaudeville.
UrOVEF'6 AI.CA7AK.— '•FR'.ISt-"
r.RovK-STKKKT Theater- Between rolk and
Van Ness— ■ Fun on The Bristol " Benefit for
Veteran (.nan!, >;. A. B,
Mfohanics' Pavilion— Masquerade Ball, by
tie Vereln-Elntracht.
Macdonough Theateb (Oakland)— Paderew-
•kl.
HnrKiT thtc CHi-TE«-rally »t Haight street,
cue block easi of th" Tark.
Bay l>i6Tyi(-r TF»fK.-n»fM.
AI'CTION^ALES.
By , m .a ,v Ki.Pßitwsr..— Tuesday, February
23, Real Estate, at 638 Market street, at 12 o'clock
l.oGn.
CITY NEWS IN BRIEF.
The -::monyin the Healy In
lay.
baa decided that the ordi
•' height of fences is invalid.
recital yesterday at the Califor
■ a. bigger house than ever be-
r.nd foster-mother of Adolph
are in disj.ute about the possession
• are continuing their arrests of
tr driving heaw wagons on Uolden
iiray asks the Society for the Preven
-1 ruelty to rhildren to appoint a guani
t bii daughter.
I Beart College observed Washington'*
iy last night with a public musical and
entertainment.
Kraser No. 78 celebrated Washington's
iy by an entertainment and dance at
: Hall last mght.
>an Francisco Svmphony Orchestra
'. Schubert's "Unfinished" symphony
rdaj In Golden date Hall.
Christopher Ryer has compromised whßt
9 he had upon the Washington Ryer
» tie iia- accented $25,000.
Duchess, Caspar, Modesto. Fortnna, Rienzi
George Dickinson were the winners at
the Hay District Track yesterday.
pe Wallace baa sustained the conviction
. Driscoll, and in doing s,> baa declared
Idity of the poolroom ordinance.
Fair weather for Washington's birthday.
. cloudy Hid foggy at morning aiid
Is predicted by the Weather Bureau.
• .rant Edison, a colored staMe-noy, severely
I Andrew Jack?- on Miller, another stable
it the Bay District track yesterday morn-
1 ne Supreme Court has decided that Auditor
ad a right to audit demands for
■ which ran over the appro
priation.
; isllagher threw a steel bar and a long
; knife at J. H. Leydeo of 41S Hayes
■■■ :.ight and was arrested for assault
- li r.
el McGlynn'i opinion that trades
s 1 entrance into pities would be unwise
i antagonism at the meeting of Ameri
■
Davidson's demurrer to the information
-'. her has been overruled by Judge
- iered to plead, and her plea
rot guilty."
-;udents are suspected of having at
to steal the bodf of Mrs. Rose Anna
us last resting-place in Mount
■ • . -• tery.
: r that Mr--. M. J. Sexton is the
woman who committed suicide by
- ■ .1 t'.ie Oakland ferry-boat is indig
• . ■ ! by her relatives.
Lees thinks the Mendocino Deputy
wao thought the girl killed on Morion
as murdered by »u ex-hnsband is mis
tin.- identity of the woman.
J. McMalion of this < ::y i- making prepara
■ . tii j.rove his title to an es- !
■ . $15,000,000 Left by his brother, a j
• r : " . : k. iu Australia.
• \: only every second car
■ of the Sacrainento-atreet line
_•■• :<• the park. Det isadero-ctreet through
rlc Line will not run on Sun
rrow.
< 1 1. Weaver, one of the City's creditors, baa
•'. judgment against the * ity by the
m rt. but he is directed to cash" it in
I where there is no money, so the value
- ant is problematical.
Father MeKinnon of Bio Vista deliv
•: night in Metropolitan Hall
atholic Loyalty." The hall was crowded,
tectui was given m der ;hc auspices of
■ atholic Union.
The Young Men's Institute will celebrate Y.
If. l. day in Metropolitan Hall this afternoon
v. r.h literary and musical exercises of a pa
ehararter. Rev. Arthur Clarke, the
• Paulist, will deliver the oration.
A Catholic colony has been established in
Mendociuo County by Father .leram, late pro
curator of Archbishop Ire. and. The colonists
are and will be all Austrian;- from a Slav prov
ince, many of whom have lived in America for
years.
The suit of Charles B. Detrick, to have his
wife, Helen Detrick. support their child, has
Ireen ended by Judge Daingertield. He
awarded the custody of the child to the
mother, but the father is to be allowed to see
Intervals.
The Grove-street Theater, in charge of the
Veteran Guard of California, will present "Fun
on the Bristol" this afternoon, to-night and
Sunday night, Miss Charlotte Sheldon of this
City making her professional debut on the
Btage with the You and I Company.
aix, the oldest daughter of Kate
A. and Gerard A. Bix, has petitioned the court
other as her puardian. Her
r were divorced In October,
- ewtt] laced :nc-areof her father.
ll' marntd again, and she then weut to live
■with her mother. Bhe thinks she is old enough
t" rhoo-p her own guardian, and so she peti
*: bee mother be appointed.
PATRIOTIC SCOTS.
Clan FrarerNo. 78 Celebrates Washing.
ton's Birthday With an Kutertain
ment and Dance.
Scottish Hall was gay with the plaid of
the Clan Frazer last night. There was a
large crowd gathered to assist in celebrat
ing Washington's birthday, and most of
the men present were in the picturesque
Highland costume.
Kev. J. Cumming Smith was the speaker
of the evening. He told about the "Scotch
men in American History." Mr. Smith
dwelt particularly upon the heroic deeds
. f the patriotic Scots during the revolu
tionary days and aroused great en thusiasm
■ Ii is declarations that the Scotch citizens
ay would be as willing to sacrifice
their lives and their fortunes for the Land
■ Tty.
J i,e literary and musical programme
unusual excellence.* Those partici
tg were: I. S. R. Tevenaale, Elaine
-, Chief E. Kerr, Knickerbocker
nr-et, EL W. Lucy, Miss Xena Roberts,
iV M. Lawrence, L. A. Larsen, D. B.
C. fJeddes and the audience, which
•America." At the conclusion of
programme the floor was cleared for
Fell From a Scaffold.
1 harles H. Hondley, a house-painter.'died at
••■■idence, 1»>11 Lyon street, yesterday
:ig from injuries sustained by a fall from
Id on the :20th inst. At the time of the
a Hoadley was employed painting a
e nt the corner of Jackson and Devisadero
He was sitting on a scaffold suspended
ie eves of the building, and in attempt
■ ri«e to a standing position his foot
' and h* fell to the ground, a distance of
■• nty iii -t. Jlie force of the fall ren
•ie painter unconscious, and in that
' on he war carried to his home. Dr. A.
•ras called in to attend the injured
'"»:.. - proved lo »>e of no avail,
iccmnbed to his injuries. The
s reported U> the Coroner, but as an
w aivt-d by the widow of deceased
■../ii will be made. rloadiey was
30 year- i | age at the time of his death.
• i.ikf Fentun'a Henri.
Frank Fen ton, a law student residing at 636
■ i-G&te avenue, bad a long scalp wound
tewed ap at tiie Receiving Hospital la3t even
ing, ii. w KS rowing In the bay and passed
near the : uilie-ship Oregon, when somebody
tometblng at him from aboard ship,
reaiou Uougtd, but wus hit 011 the head.
ALONG THE WATER FRONT.
Pacific-Street Wharf Will Be
the Most Perfect in Cal
ifornia.
BUILT ON IMPEOVED PLANS.
The City of Peking Will Not Be Re
paired Here But Will Go to
Hongkong.
Pacific-street Wharf is now nearinp com- ;
pletion and when ready for the clocking of
ships it will be one of the most perfect
Btructores on the water front. It is teredo j
proof and the upper timbers have been
creosoted so that if all the expectations of j
the Harbor Commissioners are fulfilled j
it will last for a generation.
The great thing the State has had to !
contend with in the building of wharves
along the front has been the teredo. All
kinds of< piling has been tried, but it is i
only a question of time when the parasite
The New Pacific-Street Wharf, Which Is Said to Be the Most Perfect Ever Built in California.
[Sketched by a " Call " artist.]
will manage to get in throueh the outside ,
protection and eat the heart out of the
p:ie. Paraffine paint, creosote and copper
sheathing have all been tried, and while
they have been measurably successful
still they all left something to be desired. j
When it was decided to rebuild Paciiic
street wharf Chief Engineer Holmes was ■
called upon by the Commissioners for j
something in the shape of piling that I
would stand the wear and tear of time j
and also the attack of the teredo. As a '
result of his study the present wharf is ,
now in existence. First of all a cluster of j
three selected piles were driven at regular j
intervals. Around the<=e was. driven a '
large iron cylinder plentifully covered j
with paralline paint. When this* was down j
to base the water in the cylinder was j
pumped out and then the space inside un
occupied D3" the cluster of piles was filled
in by cement. When this was pressed
down to hardpan and the cylinder rilled
up the pile was" completed. Therefore, in
order to reach the timbers which form
the basis of the pile, the tireless teredo i
will have to eat his way through half an |
inch of iron and a foot of concrete.
The new wharf wiJl have all the modern
appliances and will be one of the best
equipped in the world. Commissioners
Colnon, Cole and Chadbourne are so well
satisfied that it will be a practical success
that they have decided to revolutionize
matters on the water front and make all
the piling on the same plan as wharves
have to be rebuilt. As the work of extend
ing the seawall south to Folsom street is !
likely to be begun at any time the chances
are tiiat the Oceanic Steamship Company's
steamers will be compelled to dock at
Pacific street until the work is completed.
It would only be a temporary move, how
ever, as the Commissioners are opposed to
giving up such an important and necessary
dock to any one company.
The Pacific Coast Steamship Company's j
steamer Santa Rosa got in from southern !
ports yesterday. Among the passengers '
was Gilbert S. Meems, postmaster of
Seattle, who has been on a visit to Los
Angeles for his health. General Meems
came originally from the Shenandoah |
Valley, and his family and the Wise fain- j
ilyknew «»ach other wel! before the war.
When Postmaster Meems ai:d Collector
Wise met there was a long interchange of
old-time reminiscences, and the two old
cronies only parted to meet again. To
morrow a party of friends will take Gen
eral Meems out on the bay and show him
some of the beauties of San Francisco's
harbor. He is prejudiced in favor of Puget
Sound, however, and says tbat we have
nothing here that can equal the beauties
of the Sound. The general is a man about
70 years of age, but he is well preserved
and would easily pass for 60. He is stay
ing at the Occidental.
The following notices to mariners have
been issued to manners by the United
States Lighthouse Board:
California.— Wilmington and San Pedro
Harbors.— lmportant Changes.— A new edition
of the chart shows San Pedro harbor and
entrance corrected from surveys by the United
States engineers in 1894. The entrance jetties
have been extended 6eaward about one-tenth
of a mile, and deeper water at the entrance,
due to the improvements in progress, is indi
cated.
San Francisco Bay.-New Buoy.— An H. S.
nun buoy, called Packard Rock Buoy, has been
placed to mark the southern part "of the Mis
sion Hay Rock, which has fifteen feet of water
over it. The buoy is shown on the charts, on
the bearings: Oakland Harbor Ugnt NE 11-16
N, distant 3 1-20 miles. Potrero Point (outer
end of wharf) 8-SE % K. Point Avisadero
(outer end of wharf) SE y t S.
Packard rock is the one on which the
ship Benjamin F. Packard was run a
month ago by the tugs Sea Queen and
Hercules, and over which a libel suit is now
pending in the United States District Court.
The Pacific Mail Company's steamer
City of Peking, contrary "to expectation,
will not dock at Hunter's Point for a gen
eral overhauling. It appears that the
charges here are far in excess of what the
worK can be done for In Hongkong, and,
in consequence, the Mail Company will
send the vessel out light, in order to save
money. All Collis P. Huntington's mil
lions have been made in California, but
■ sooner man spend a few extra dollars here
to get the repairs made he is going to send
the steamer to Hongkong and put the
money intc British coffers.
Florence Has Her Est»te.
W. H. H. Hart has paid the last fee in the
Blythe case, and Mrs. Hinckley has signed a
receipt in luil for all the estate which was In
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 22, 1596.
the hands of the Public Administrator. Gen
eral Hart says if the Mexican lands turn out as
valuable as is hoped the estate whicn Mrs.
Hinctley has is worth over $5,000,000. Any
way it is worth $a.500.000.
SOME FAMILY WOES.
Mrs. Bi-ay'a Story of Her Husband's
Attempts Upon Her
tife.
Fred Bray, the expressman whose post Is
at Mission and Twentieth streets, is tne
hero of a story of domestic complications
that has some of the elements of tragedy
in it.
The incident of present interest is Bray's
request that the seven-year-old child,
Hazel, be made the ward of the Society for
the Prevention of Cruelty to Children.
He alleges that she is living with her
mother. Mrs. Rose Bray, and her grand
mother. Mrs. Jerrold, in what he regards
as a disorderly house, at 764 Bryant street.
He claims that his brother-in-law is an ex
convict, and his sister-in-law, who resides
at the same piace, a dissolute woman. He
desires that the child be placed under
better influences.
Mrs. Bray left her husband three weeks
ago because of the third alleged^ attempt
upon her life. The first was several
months ago, when, she sayi», he pushed
her over the cliff into the reservoir. Stse
foil a distance of sixty feet and received
twenty-four wounds, twenty-one of which
were on the head. She survived, however,
and was able to go with her husband on a
pleasure excursion to San Jose, where she
alleges her spouse pushed her in front ot a
cowcatcher. Three weeks ago she awoke
to rind a towel bound so tightly about her
throat that she believed death from chok
ing was inevitable. She concluded that it
was "three times and out" and she left her
lie^e lord never to return, taking their
child with her.
Brays story is that his wife's injuries
were all accidental. The society will in
vestigate the case.
RYER'S ESTATE SETTLED
Christopher Has Compromised
for Twenty-five Thousand
Dollars.
His Appeal Ended and the Whole
Litigation in the Case Wound
Up at Once.
The estate of Washington Ryer has been
settled, and the litigation which has been
running through it for years has been
brought to a close.
The executors have compromised the
claims of Christopher B. Ryer, the illegiti
mate son wtio brought the will to a con
test, and for $25,000 ne is going to step out
of the case forever.
There was filed in probate yesterday
an order allowing the compromise, and
setting forth what the terms of tbat com
promise are. The executors are to pay
Christopher Ryer $25,000 out of the funds
in their hands, and he is to drop all pro
ceedings, and is to allow the Supreme
Court to affirm the decision of Judge Levy,
rendered some years ago. This judgment
was against Chris Ryer. He had entered a
contest of the will, and after a long fight
judgment was rendered against him. He
appealed and the appeal has been pend
ine ever since, but in the meantime the
various parties to the case Have been ne
gotiating for a com promise, and success
has finally crowned their efforts. A stip
ulation was hied in the Supreme Court at
once, and upon that judgment affirming
thej lower court's ruling was rendered.
This winds up the case.
Washington Ryer left a fortune worth
several hundred "thousand dollars to his
widow and son Fletcher Ryer. Soon after
his death a woman from Stockton pro
duced a boy who she Jsaid was the natu
ral son of the testator, and she wanted
him to have a son's share in the estate.
There was a big contest, but Chris Ryer,
the contestant, according to the decision of
the court, failed to establish the fact that
he was Ryer's son. It was this judgment
hat he appealed from.
ARRESTING TEAMSTERS.
Police Enforcing the Ordinance About
Driving on Golden Gate ATenue.
Another miscellaneous lot of butchers,
peddlers and teamster3 were arrested by
the police yesterday for violating section 3
of ordinance 2937, which prohibits the
driving of heavy wagons on Golden Gate
avenue. There was wailing among the
unfortunates, who were taken to the City
Prison. They all declared they bad not
heard of the ordinance and were only do
ing what they had done unmolested for
ten years. Some of the men had not the
necessary $5 bail to put up, and therefore
had to neglect their routes while waiting
for their employers to arrive.
Those arrested yesterday were: Goo
Gun, teamster; Louis Lagnasin, teamster;
F. If. Hovey, teamster; Joe Bynn,
plumber; John Welsh, teamster; W. J.
Rollo, teamster; Thomas Connolly, grocer;
C. W. Kenward, teamster; C. W. Clouse,
teamster; N. Dehenna, teamster, and
Frank Traynor, teamster.
Very Awkward Indeed,
This is precisely Die kind of mistake a man
roukes 1? he "turns out" on the wrong side of the
roud when a vehicle comes toward him. No less
absurd is the error of the individual who takes
drasiir medicines to relieve hi.s liver. That organ
is on tue right sidr, and the road to its relief is
Hostetter's S.omach Bitters, a medicine also
adapted to the relief of dyspepsia, constipation,
kidney and rheumatic ailments and malaria.
ON THE VERGE OF WAR
Strained Relations Between the
Boards of Health and
Education.
WEDNESDAY NEXT WILL TELL.
A Policeman Assists the Officials to
Close the Longfellow
School.
Thonch the Longfellow School was not
\ open yesterday and the Board of Education
I had apparently given way to the orders of
'■ the Board of Health in the matter, there
were war clouds on the horizon, and while
j the executive othcers of hoth departments
j were exceedingly diplomatic in tneir lan
; guage it was easy to see that the question
| as to which body has the authority to
j close school buildings will be bitterly con-
I tested on both sides. Both boards meet
I on Wednesday next, the Health Board in
the morning and the School Directors in
the evening, and until then the matter
will not be agitated.
Bright and early yesterday morning
Health Officer Lovelace, Inspector Stout
and a stalwart policeman appeared at the
school and after posting notices on the
door to the effect that the school was
closed sent the pupils who appeared to at
tend classes home again. The workmen
who were engaged in repairing the vaults
that have caused all the trouble were or
dered to cease work.
Though the closing of the school had
been consented to bv Superintendent Bab
cock and President Dodge of the Board of
Education, this proceeding rather nettled
the former and he sent the following com
munication to President Dodge during the
day :
lion. H'-nrv L. Dodge, President Board of Edu
eatitm — My Dkab Mr. Dodos: After our con
ference with l>r. Lovelucc, the Henlch Officer,
yesterday afternoon lie caused notices to be
posted on the entrance to the Longfellow
school declaring the school closed by order of
the Board of Health. This morning he ap
peared at ihe school with one other officer of
the Board of Health and a police officer to see
that the school was ctosed. He also ordered
the workmen who had been sent to the school
to repair the objectionable closet to stop work;
in compliance with which order I suggested to
the Superintendent of Buildings tnat he send
the men to other work.
Permit rue to suggest in this connection that
until the meeting of the Board of Education
on Wednesday we accept the situation; and
since the Board of Health has assumed control
of that school, respectfully turn the whole
matter of ihe repairs over to the Board of
Health. Ido not see what else there is left for
you and for me to do. Certainly if the Board
of Health nave authority to close the school,
as they have Hone, and to order the workmen
to ■ top, they must have authority to repair the
building. It is my very positive opinion that
they should have all the credit that attaches
to closing the school and the privilege of put
ting it in such condition as may meet with
their approval.
The j.arents of the 550 children who attend
that school will certainly recognize the fact
that the Board of Education has done what it
could to keep the children off the street, and
give the Board of Health the credit that at
taches to the summary action of that body.
Respecting the epidemic of scarlet fever, or
scarlatina, referred to in the communication ot
the Board of Health, permit me to say that to
date the only cases of which the principal of
the school or this office have any official notice
nre one on the 21st day of January, one on the
<iOih of January and one on the sth of
February.
In this connection permit me to say that the
Superintendent of Buildings informed me this
morning that as late as yesterday a private
sewer, that for the last five or six months has
been emptying into the schoolyard of the
Irving School, was continuing to discharge its
tilth as usual. Very respectfully and truly
yours, Madison Babcock.
Then to learn the legal status of the
matter Mr. Babcock addressed the follow
ing letter to City and County Attorney
Creswell, inclosing the notices served on
him by the Health officers:
Hon. Harry T. Creswell, City and County Attor
ney-My Dear Sir: Herewith please find let
ters that explain themselves. Kindly inform
me what the duty of the Board of Education
is respecting such notices from the Board of
Health. If in any case the Board of Educa
tion should not close a school when notified
whatremedy under the law has the Board of
Health? Have the members, officers or aeenu
any authority under the law. to issue orders to
teachers, principals or schoolchildren respect
ing the conduct or discontinuance of a school?
An early aimwer will oblige, very resnectfullv
yours, Madison Baboock
Superintendent of Common Schools.
The attitude which will be maintained
by the Board of Health in the matter was
illustrated at an informal meeting held on
Thursday evening. The subject was
thoughtfully discussed by the members
and Health Officer Lovelace, and the con
clusion was reached that in view of the
threatened epidemic of scarlet fever in the
Longfellow School, no halfway course can
be pursued by the board.
It was determined to keep the school
closed until the sanitary arrangements are
thoroughly overhauled* and to cause the
arrest of any and all persons interfering
with the carrying out of the quarantine
A DEFORMED NEWSBOY.
Claimed by a Mother and a Foster
Mother.
The Society for the Prevention of Cruelty
to Children is about to place Adolph Her
mann with the Boys' and Girls' Aid for
the second time.
The boy, who is about 15 years of age,
sells papers at Third and Mission streets.
He is deformed and in poor health, and
his wretched appearance led to more than
one sale of papers.
His parents, Oscar and Bertha Her
mann, separated a few years ago, and the
mother was made the custodian of four
children, of whom Adolph was the oldest.
At the request of the motner he was
placed in the institution, but in time he
was removed by Mrs. John Lowmeister of
Andover avenue, near Old Hickory ave
nue, who gave the boy a home. It is now
alleged that she has been cruel to him,
and Mrs. Hermann again requests that
the society take charge of him.
SYMPHONY CONCERT.
Tli<- Local Orchestra Gives an Excellent
Rendering of Schubert's "Dntln
ighed " Symphony.
The first real symphony concert of the
San Francisco Symphony Orchestra was
given yesterday afternoon in Golden Gate
Hall.
An excellent rendering was given of
Schubert's "Unfinished" symphony under
the baton of James Hamilton Howe. Otto
Bendix was the solo artist. He played
Saim-Saens' nitinoforte concerto in G
minor, in wnich the orchestra ably accom
panied Mr. Bendix's good work. Mr.
Bendix also played Raff's "Rigandon"
and a "Tnranteili" by Moszkowski.
In spite of the counter attraction of the
Paderewski concert there was a good at
tendance.
JOTJRNALIST BOOTH'S ILLNESS.
In a Serious State With Pleuro-Pneu-
uonia and Pleurisy.
James P. Booth ot the Report, who has
been for thirty days sick at Dr. Lane's
Hospital, is in a dangerous condition,
though he was slightly better yesterday
than the day before. He was thougnt at
tirst to have gastric fever and afterward a
sort of typhoid, but he grew continually
worse, notwithstanding the diagnosis and
treatment. Then other physicians were
called in.
The three who made a new diagnosis
consist of Drs. Gibbons, Stable and Hirsch
felder, and they decided that his disease
was a complication of pleuro-pneumonia
and pleurisy. 'WiJliani F. Booth, the at
torney, who is the brotUer of the journal
ist, is in almost constant attendance on
him.
A FRANCISCAN'S MILLIONS
He Was a Monk in the Santa
Barbara Monastery Years
Ago.
After a Bloody Tragedy in South
America He Amassed Wealth
as a Sheep-Raiser.
James McMahon of this City is taking
legal steps to prove his rignt, title and
heirshi?) to property in Australia reputed
to be worth $15,000,000.
An intensely romantic and tragical story
is connected with the litigation.
The property in auesfon was amassed
by Mr. McMahon's brother, who was once
a Franciscan monk and afterward became
a speculator.
-riis title when he arrived in this country
from Ireland was Father Joun McMahon.
When he landed on the shores of America
he became associated v.itb Bishop Laugh
lin of New York.
Father McMabon was a man of unusual
business capacity, and it was not long
before lie had built an orphan asylum in
Brooklyn and established a Franciscan
monastery on Baltic street in the same
city. The deeds to the valuable property
were in his name and remain in his name
to the present day, but his brother of this
City can better tell the story in his own
language.
"Yes," said James McMahon yesterday,
"the property is still in his name, as is
that of the Franciscan fathers in Syracuse,
N, Y., and also of the order near Santa
Barbara, this State. He and Bishop
Laughlin had a falling out in Brooklyn,
and John went to Syracuse, where he
added to his possessions. But he was still
in the Bishop's diocese, and as they could
not get along he determined to leave the
East for good and come to California.
• "He reached Santa Barbara in 1863 and
joined the Franciscans at that point. As
1 said, he always had an eye to business,
and soon had enriched the monastery by
several valuable acquisitions. As the
property was acquired through his indi
vidual efforts and by using money from
his private funds he kept the title" deeds
in his own name and they remain so to
this day. lam told tne property is valued
at over a million. "Whether it was his
superior business talent or some other
cause, he and his associate monks could
not agree, and he left them and went to
New York, intent on leaving the church
for good and becoming a speculator.
"I think it was in 18(57 that lie returned
to ISew York. My mother, sister and I
were there at the time. I remember his
exact words to me when he left us for
South America, where he intended to buy
land and engage in sheep-raising. He
said: 'John, I have left the church and am
going to Buenos Ayres to get a fortune. If
1 fail I can always come back to the fold
and have ray old armchair at the monas
tery on Baltic street, or go back to Cali
fornia.'
"Before leaving California in 1867 he
placed $2000 in the hands of Father
Morosk to be civen to mother and sister in
case they should ever come to want dur
ing his absence. He prospered in Buenos
Ayres, but his career as a sheep-raiser
in that country was brought to ai: abrupt
and tragical termination. He had some
trouble with one of his neighbors and shot
and killed him.
"It cost him $2000 or $3000 to get out of
that scrape, and he gathered his pos
sessions together and went to Australia.
That was in 1873. Before sailing for Aus
tralia he wrote to mother, sister and me
that there was big money in sheep and
that he was determined to make a grand
fortune in the new land. And he kept his
word.
"Was my brother an old man? Yes, he
was born in County Monaghan, Ireland, in
1824, which would make him 72 if he had
lived to the present time. He entered the
Corifean monastery, County Galway, when
he was 17 years oi age. He was only 28
when he came to this country.
"A curious mistake was made by a press
correspondent several davs ago in a teie
gram published in a New York paper. He
said that my brother was a transported
convict; that he had been thrown into
prison for perjury and assault and was
afterward sent to Australia to serve a
seven years' term. .The correspondent
then goes on to say that at the end of a
year he was paroled by the Queen on ac
count of good conduct and became a mem
ber of the mounted police squad ; that he
saved his earnings and engaged in sheep
raising.
"The only way that my lawyer, Thomas
O'Neal, and I can account for the error i
that tnere must have been a man who
was a convict and afterward became a
sheep-raiser, and the correspondent con
founded the two men on account of the
name of McMahon.
"Besides his millions in Australia is the
property in New Yoik and California, all
of which his heirs can claim. As we are
honest members of the mother church it
is hardly likely that we wili attempt to
disturb the church in its possessions. That
would not be right, would it? I know that
my mother antf sister feel the same. My
mother's name is Ann Bernard McMahon,
and my sister's Anna.
"There will probably be a great deal of
red-tape- litigation, but my lawyer appre
hends no serious difficulty in proving our
clear and proper title to the estate. There
will be no opposition."
NEW TO-DAT.
AfffJB<*Xh "Pure and Sure."
baking Powder,
" I use it in my kitchen and class work."
Emma P. EwiNG, Principal Chautauqua Cooking School.
A COLONY OF CATHOLICS.
Austrians Under Father Jeram
Begin to Settle in Cali
fornia.
EDEN VALLEY IS THEIR HOME.
Ambitious Scheme for a Settlement
in Mendccino County Put Into
Execution.
The first actual work in the establish
ment of a Catholic colony in California
was commenced yesterday in Mendocino
County, when about forty colonists settled
upon a beautiful tract in Eden Valley and
prepared their future homes for occu
pancy.
About 10,000 acres of valley and mount
ain land have been secured for the new
colony in Eden Valley, about forty miles
north from Ukia.h and in the Round Val
ley district. There Father Jeram has
begun a work which has been the aim of
his life — a colony of Austrian Catholics
with their church, school and meeting
hall. The site was selected on account of
its topographical character and climate,
because it consists of valley and mountain
and an atmosphere closely resembling
those of the colonists' native place in
Europe.
Father Jeram was the procurator of
Archbishop Ireland of St. I'aul. He is a
Catholic priest, born in Austria, and has
been in the United States for seveal
years, ana through his experience under
Archbishop Ireland he became familiar
with the immigration work done through
out the Northwest.
While a comparatively young man
Father Jeram is a deep scholar who has
accomY>lished much. lie has written and
published a grammar fur his peonle that
they may become proficient in English,
and this is the only grammar of that kind
in existence. In addition to his numerous
duties he is employing his spare moments
on an English-Slavonian dictionary, and
is now more than half way through the
alphabet. He has been in California for
some months looking for a tract for a
colony for his people in the United States
and Europe who >\ish to live in a commu
nity in California.
This is his own idea and is a thoroughly
unselfish one for the benefit of his coun
trymen, so they may make a good living
and be together in the home of their adop
tion. This means in future years the
bringing to the colony of quite a number
of their brethren from Europe.
Forty members of the new settlement
left San FrancisCO Thursday for Eden
, Valley; eleven of them nad been living
: in California, the rest having come from
i the East. Their home has been called the
j California-Slavoiiian colony and their first
) settlement Jeraniville. More colonists are
! expected to arrive here from different
! points in the East just as soon as the col
', ony is ready for them. The colony is said
■ to be in a sound financial condition. Its
, members have among them men of various
trades, who can build houses and other
I structures and perform all the work re
! quired on a ranch. A large part of the
i work of the colony will consist of stock-
I raising, dairying, etc., in which these peo
i pie are experts. They are industrious,
i thrifty and ambitious of success in iheir
; new field.
As the colonists arrive in this City they
will be met bv Father Jerani, who will
take them before the Archbishop, and his
Grace will give them his blessing. After
this they will go to Eden Valley, and there
tind a Catholic church and their country
men for neighbors.
There will be no rush of people to the
colony, as colonists will be received only
as homes can be prepared for them and
the colony take care of the newcomers.
Those now in Eden Valley will begin at
once to build proper houses, farm build
ings, stores and a Catholic church.
Perjury Charged.
William Moore of 552 Ellis street was ar
rested last night on a charge of perjury made
by Pearl von Sehruitton. Two other warrants
are out, but have not yet been served. These
are for Henry Rodgcrs of 1711 California street
and Henry Madden. The three men were wit
nesses lor E. L. Dun bar, who is now being
tried for naving wronged Miss von Schmitton
by promising to marry her. The case is now
being tried in Judge Conlan's court.
John Keegan Dead.
John Keegan, proprietor of the St. Nicholas
Hotel, on First street, died of apoplexy
yesterday. He was well known as a local poli
tician. The deceased was born in Ireland fifty
seven years ago.
NEW TO-DAT— AMUSEMENTS.
MOROSCO'S
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
The Handsomest Family Theater In America.
WALTER MORO9CO, Sole Lessee and Manager
THIS EVENING AT EIGHT,
John A. Stevens' Great Melodrama,
"WIFE FOR WIFE!"
With DARRELL VINTON and
ESSIE TITTELL in the Leading Holes.
Special Matinee Washington's Birthday
Kvkxixo Prickj— 2sc and »30.
Family Circle and Gallery. 10a
Usual Matinees Saturday ana Sunday.
ORPHEUM.
O'Farroll BtreeL Between Stocltron and Po-yjlL.
GRAND MATINFE WASHINGTON'S BIRTH-
DAY, TO-DAY (SATURDAY).
Parquet, any seat, '25c; Balcony, any seat, 10c;
Children, 10c, any part.
A Great List of Renowned Attractions!
THE WILTONS
THE rANTZEKS
i CAKKOLL JOHNSON :
THE GARRISONS
Our Great Company of Celebrities.
SHOOT THE CHUTES
AND
TRIP THE TROLLEYI
TO-DAY— Washington's Birthday,
THE DAY WE CELEBRATE!
ORPHAN JUVENILE BAND
Afternoon and Kvening.
Also in Eveiiiug,
$1500 DISPLAY OF FIREWORKS!
Pyrotechnics of All Sort3 and Kinds.
AUHISSIO-N 10 CENTS.
Children {Includlug M«rry-Go-Round Ride), 10<k
NEW TO-DAY-AMUSEMENTS.
THEATRE PROPS-
LAST 3 PERFORMANCES!
Matinee To-Day, To-N'ight, Suuilay Night
MB, THOMAS
"IKS"" Us a 'NJ, P«ir Bj «
And His Spi.-ndiii Supporting Company.
Mat. To-day... "MEKCHANT OK VKNICK"
To-night "JUCHABD III"
bunday "t,ODIB XI"
NEXT MONDAY— NELLIK McIIENRY.
t§Ss*"i"H £ATRS ™l props.
LAS.T DAY OF THE OPERA!
TAVARY GRAND OPERA CO.
GALA MATINEE TO-DAY
At Holiday Prices— sOc, 75c and SI.
M.ME. THEA DORRE AS C\RME.V.
TO-NIGHT GRAND KAKKWELLI
GKEAT IJOUIJLE BILL:
"ITagliacci" and Acts from "Trovatore."
Tavary, Lichter, Tomlins, <;iiille, Eugene
and Schuster in cast.
Sunday Night, Feb. i!3— Final Vaderewskl Recital.
NEXT FKEDEKICK WAKDK.
BALDWIN THEATER-Extra.
POSITIVELY FINAL RECITAL!
PADEREWSKI
TO-MORROW (Sunday) SIGHT, FEB. i%.
PRICES: S2, S3. 35, according to location.
Seats now selling at boxoffice.
Stelnway &. Son's Piano used at all the Paderew-
' ski recitals.
.fRICDLAnOLR.C-OTTI.OD G>- LtsiMAnonAnAotßJ---
BRING THE
THE BOYS,
BABIES, GIRLS, . "
EVERYBODY TO THE MATINEE TODAY
And See Charming
KATIE PUTNAM
IN
"TH E OLD LIME KILN^
NOTHING LIKE IT SINCE ADAM.
' SEATS— ISc, 25c, 50c and 75c.
£Sr A PA7AD
"WASHINGTON'S BIRTHDAY!
Gala Matinee— Inspiring Tableaux-
Washington, Lincoln and Grant.
The Great Play
FAUST TS» O JL4ROUeRITE !
i Ice-Cream and Cake to All at the
Matinee.
Special Present of a llit;h-('lsss Bicycle
to the Lucky One.
Prices lOc, 15c, 25c, 35c and sOc
Monday Next— The Carleton Opera Co.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE
Mrs. Ebxkstixe Kbelixo, Proprietor & Manager
THIS EVENING
Splendid Electric Production
"DER FREISCHUTZ"
OR
"THE SEVEN CHARMED BULLETS"
The Most Wondrous Brockcn Scene Ever
l»hovn in This City.
CAST INCLUDES ,
IDA VALERGA
Kate Marchi, John J. Raffael,
Martin P:iche> Marcel Perron,
W. 11. "West, Arthur Boyce.
Grand Chorus ! -Superb Orchestrat
Next Opera— "RlP VAN "WINKLE."
Popular Prices— 2sc and sOc.
GROVE-ST. THEATER
(Bet. Polk and Van Ness).
VETERAN GUA 0, G. A. R.!
SPLENDID COMPANY! —
ATTRACTIVE BILL !
Commencing MONDAY, February 17.
Monday f t c* ¥
Tuesday M <§• |
Wednesday *-^ *^*- *
u d r a?.T:::::::::::;:::::TWO OF A KL\D
iSn^:^::::g:FUW ON THE BRISTOL
SATURDAY 3IATINEE !
PRICES lOc, 2Oc, 30c, sOc.
Curtain Will Rise at 8 o'clock on Tableaux In-
troducing Veteran Guard. \
MACDONOUCH THEATER
(OAKLAND).
To-night at 8 sharp— One Recital Only,
PADEKEWSKI
Choice seats on sale. General Admission, 2.
Next Wed. A Thnr. and Thur. Tavary
Opera Company. Seats ready Monday.
MECHANICS' PAVILION.
SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 23, 1896
(Washington's Birthday).
PRIZE MASQUERADE BALL
YEREIN EINTRACHT!
»S- Grand Festival March entitled "400 Yean
of American Life," representing the most im-
portant periods of the history of the United States
Of America.
Prizes amounting to $500 will be distributed.
Louis N. Kitzau's Military Band of 36 Pieces.
Admission 9 1 . OO
Reserved Seats 50c extra at Goldstein & Cohn'a,
822 Market street.
Doors open at 7. Promenade Concert at 8.
• Grand March ac 9p. m.
RACING! racingi RACINGI
CALIFORNI club.
WINTER MEETING— —
Beginning Thursday, February 2O»
BAY DISTRICT TRACK.
Racing Monday, TogaAy, Wednesday, Thursday,
Friday and Siuuniay. Bain or Shine.
FIVE OR MOKE RACES EACH DAY.
Races start at 2:00 P. M. sharp. '
McAllister and Geury stret-t car* pass the gatau
B. B. AIILRoY." THOS. H. WILLIAMS JR.,
Becretary. rresideni.
78
B. F. HUDELSGN
TO FATHER YORKE.
Declares the Chancellor
Is a Very Skillful
Dodger.
OBJECTS OF THE A. P. A.
Principles of the Organization
Set Forth by the State
President.
SAYS THE PRIEST RETREATED.
Answers Demanded to Questions Re.
garding the Policy of the Church
on Public Issues.
In reply to a recent letter from the pen
of the Rev. Father Yorke, State President
Undelsor. of the A. P. A. says:
Tn tfu Kditor of The Call- I'KarSir: Havinar
concluded my analyses ■ I Rev. Father Yorke'a
communication .of the 13th inst.,and having
Lined the fact that therein he, while pre
tending to answer my questions, dodged tne
issne In twelve separate instances, and having
illy proven from his communication
three propositions, viz.:
First— The objects of the A. P. A. are good, and
-. ; ifnily those of Us opponents, including
Pal tier Yorite, are evil.
Second— Kathvr Vorice's hostility to the A. P. A.
is caused by his political sympathies.
Third— Those who favor clean, honest politics
sl.oulJ support the A. I'. A., which Father Vorke
opposes.
These propositions remaining undisputed
either as to their logical correctness or as to
the absolute ti'ith of the statements contained
in them— having, 1 say Mr. Kditor, concluded
all this,] at last have leisure to consider the
lit tie bouse of cards which Father Yorke sub
sequently erected f< >r me to demolish.
house it i*l What con- i
summatr- skill was required to make those frag- ;
ile tini.c- stai d"on edge! And with what mar- |
velous a_ddres-- Is ii balanced upon tiiat lliinsy
foundation! What a fharac to destroy at a
blow the fruit of so much painstaking labor!
"How sad thru one so beautiful most die!" I
But it was erected for me to demolish, not to ,
admire, and demolish it 1 must. So away with j
rain regret! The task is scarcely one of the
"1 abora of Hercules," and my own complaint
is that for its accomplishment I must wade ■
through six columns of irrelevant matter. I |
really wish that Fatner Vorke would in his i
writings fellow "Greenleaf on Evidence."
I do not, however, Mr. Kditor, intend to per- :
mit Father Yorke to draw me away from the !
sion of side issues, and be lore 1 am
through I shall be hammering avay at him
again with principles.
YORKE'S RETREAT.
Rut before I get down to serious work I de
sire to call the attention of the readers of your
estimable paper to the masterly maneuver by
which Champion Yorke has abandoned his ■
first line of defense. ♦
A few weeks ago his guns were booming and
his charger prancing along the proposition
that the A. P. A. v. as a religious organization, j
True, irom the first, he weakened his defenses !
since, in his now-famous letter of the 13th i
inst», in answer to my first question, he said:
I know, however, tiiat a secret political sooietv
can never bring about pure political
Thus admitting that the A. P. A. is a "secret
political society" (and. by the way, that re
minds me 1 nave not yet considered" his obieo
tlona to se cecj
However, in spite of his error, I did not ex- I
pect him to chance front quite so soon. Your
readers will take notice that now the burden
of his lanit- ntation is that the A. P. A. teaches
error.
rOLITICAL AXAXOGY.
Your newspaper. Mr. Kditor, is a great jour- j
nal, "an organ" of the Republican party, rend I
daily by thousands of that political" faith.
>.<>\., is the Republican party bound as to its I
: y what appears in "the news or the j
editoria: (•>•; :niiis of your paper? Is it bound
a? to its teachings by what appears in those !
columns? Is it not bound rather both as to I
its principles and its teachings by its party
platform and declaration of principles as '
formulated by tiie bodies having the right bo '
to formulate them ? And did it ever occur to j
you to imagine that anybody could for an in
stant have the- fatuity to conceive that that
party, or that any individual of that party,
aside from yourself, is bound by what aDpears
in your columns or is responsible therefor?
Yit this is what Father Yorke claims, and !
this is apparently what he asks sensible men ■'
to believe. lie prints column after column '
i -• ito have been taken jrum papers which
sympathize with the A. P. A. movement, and |
shouts, "You, Mr. Hr.delson, and your order
are responsible !" Worse yet. He prints ami-
Catholic literature concerning which he says, i
"Whether or not it was circulated by the A.*P.
A. I am not prepared to say,'' andreiterates] ;
"You, Mr. Hudelson, and your order are re- ■
If." What argument! What logic' ! ;
Wliar rot! ! !
Again, Mr. Kdiror. it hart not occurred to mv i
feeble intellect that either your paper or the
Republican party wen bound by the state" j
which may have occurred in "signed
articles" which you have printed. But Father
quotes a "signed article" concerning
the '■>Bn Kafael fortification" and "holds me 1
and my order responsible."
Once more, Mr. Editor, had it occurred to i
you that .statements concerning Republican !
teachings uttered by a Democrat or a Populist j
or any other non-Kepublican are binding on !
you or your party? Have a care. Jt must be I
so, f«.r Father Yorke Bays it. He quotes Dr !
Washington (iiaudentiud Elbert Hubbard, non- I
members of the A. P. A., end "holds jr.t and 1
my order responsible."
And still again, Mr. Editor, did you know 1
•■ uttereccec of every Republican cam- i
paigner, of every party orator and of every
political disputant are bindirig on the whole I
party, yourself included? Yet Father Yorko ,
quotes to me irom the speeches and individual I
writings of members of the A. P. A. and "holds
me and my order responsible." Is the Demo
cratic party responsible it Grover Cleveland
mit-s.es nis aim when duck hunting?
Pie, father Yorke. Yon have in your librarv
a treatise on logic. Do read it a little.
YORKE'S IGNORANCE.
Early in this controversy Father Yorke !
hinted at bis unbounded knowledge of the sub- !
ject upon v,-hich he is writing in the followine
words: s
Mr. Hudelson may not know more about the A
P. A. than J do. tint be knows nearly an much.
Whether he does or not may not be impor- I
tani, yet your readers may be interested to
learn that Father Yorke, at least, does not
know what he is talking about. The father
lias made several statements, any one of which
is sufficient to indicate though not to meas
ure hit ignorance. He says:
Traynor is the boss of the institution, and Don
all Koss is ihe secretary of the advisory board
etc. '
Neither statement is true. Donald Ross is
not secretary of the advisory board. Further
than that, I leave him to care for himself He
is fully able to do bo, as Father Yorke mav
have already found out. And Traynor is not
the boss of the institution. He is its supreme
president. But if Father YorVe imagines that
the A. P. A. is "bossed" he should hold one of
its executive offices for a while. Yorke also
Bays:
Adam lawcelt is one- of Its grand officers.
Adam tawcett is not ore of its grand officers,
though he may have l>een at one time. Father
Yorke is behind the times. Yorke ulso says:
The A. J'. A. puts its followers at the roercv of
advisory boards.
Be might h* well talk of putting the people
at the mercy Ol ( oiiKrc-s.-nen whom thev elect
Father Yorke hm- nl>o attempted to" make
much capital of thofact that I have not ex
plained my right to enter a controversy
with him. Each call lor such an explanation
is further proof of his ignorance of the subiect
he is talking about, for if he knew anything
about the A. P. A. he wouid know whence that
right arises.
In closing, Mr. Kditor, I desire to refer to
Father Yorke's statement:
I have offered to correct any misstatpments I
may fall luio and apologist? for anv errors into
w hich I m«y be Jed. That otter I stand by. and
v li>'n thf- Jtcv. Benjamin F. liudelson can Wvuse
me with truth of not living mi to it, then I am
willing to withdraw from tnp controversy,
1 have no dotibt that FathCT Yorke is more
than "willing to withdraw from thr> contro
versy," and precisely for that reason I shall re-
Juse'to prove that he "does not live up to that
statement." In fact, I have feared that he
would withdraw ere now— that hia "health
would require a change of air." or he would
"suffer from overwork," or would be "called
away on the wort of the church," or would be
1 ' to some distant post for his "mag
nificent defense of the faith." or, perchance,
would be sent as "delegate extraordinary to
Rome." Very respectfully,
B. F. HIDELSON,
President of the A. P. A. of California.
Postscriptum A.— Now, having cleared away
the mass of valueless, illogical stuff which
Km her Yorke was pleased to submit as argu
ment (?). I return to the principles upon which
Father Yorke hat* dodged aud to my questions
thereon. This chancellor of the Archdiocese
Of San Francisco is a slippery debater, but it is
aeeessary to pin him <lown if possible. There
fore 1 repeat my questions.
OK TUB A. P. A. PI.ATKORM.
Question 9— "ls Mr. Yorke hostile to loyalty to
true Americanism, which knows neither birth
place, race, cree<J nor party, as a first, requisite for
membership in auy organization?"
Question 11 (part)— "ls Mr. Yorke hostile to the
toleration of all creeds?"
Question 13 — "Is Mr. Yorko hostile to the up
holding of the constitution of the United states
and its guarantee of religious l'Derty to the indi
vidual?"
Question 16— "Does not Mr. Yorke believp that
exemption from' taxation is equivalent to a crant
of pnhlic funds? And is he hostile to the taxation
of all properly, the title to which Is not vested in
the National or State Government, or their sub
divisions? '
Question 17— "Docs Mr. Yorke favor the enlist
ment in the military arm of the Government of
any one not actually a citizen of the United
Stall's."
Question 19— "Would Mr. Yorke object to the re
pea] of the. act authorizing the naturalization of
mlnvra without a previous declaration o! Intention,
and is lie hostile 10 a provision of law that persons
to be naturalized must speak the language of the
land and must prove seven years' continuous resi
dence in this country from the date of the declara
tion of Intention?"
Question 20— "Does Mr. Yorke object to a protest
against the laxity with which onr present natural
ization laws are administered?"
Question 21— "Is Mr. Yorke hostile to the public
inspection of all hospitals, asylums, reformatories
or other Institutions in whioa people are uuder re
straint?"
Question 2'J— "Po^s Mr. Yorse favor National or
State legislation in favor of any one section of the
country or of any class'.'"
OX A. P. A. POLITICAL PRINCIPLES.
Question 'J3— "ls Mr. Yorke oppose! to su^h re-
Btriction of Immigration as will prevent paupers,
criminals and anarchists from htncliug on our
shore'. '
Question 26 (parti— "Does Mr. Yorke wish the
vo:ers of the country to be ignorant of the dunes
and privileges of citizenship, ami the pliant tools
of politicians?"
Question 'JO -"Does Mr. Vorke oppose support
ing from thf public funds one general. Don-secta
rian free public school system, sufficient for the
primary ednc&tlAO of all children?"
Question 588— "Does Mr. Yorke oppose the taxa
tion of Don-Governmental property?"
Question 29— -'Does Mr. Yorke support for ofllee
any person who recognizes ulleniance to any for
t-ign or ecclesiastical ro:entute as superior to our
i'ostscriptum B.— Father Yorke said he was
ready to prove his every assertion. When he
faidihat he either falsified, or he did not. If
he did not, let him prove these statements:
Statement 1— "I know, however, that a secret
political society can never bring about pure pol
itics."
staten-ent 2— "l know that they (the Methodist
"Hi-tli'ips hikl preachers who arc agitating the repeal
of the tax on churru property) i>ay more taxes
man the whole A. P. A. put together."
- ■ emeot 3 -"A foreigner who is not American
ized in five > ears will never be Americanised."
Statement 4— "There are no universal proposi
tions :n politics."' B. P. li.
GEEELEY'S EAELY LITE.
: Went to School at the Ago of Two and
Knew fShakeiipoare at Eleven.
Like Lincoln, (.ireeley was born in pov
i erty; both were thoroughly American and
I both striking examples of development
' under the new republic. Greeley came
from an ancestry that was toughened in
the old Queen Anne wars and the battles
of the Revolution. He got his intellect
from his mother, who was an attentive
and omnivorous reader. He said in
after life that his mind was stimu
i lated by his mother to an un
usual degree. ''She awakened in me a
thirst for knowledge," Mr. Greeley used to \
i say, and fostered the spirit of precocity so
: early manifested in the young Greeley. j
| He went to school when he was only'2 !|
years old and surprised his instructors by j
his aptitude for studies far beyond one of i
his tender years.
The traits which marked Mr. Greeley's
childhood characterized him throughout
life. His career as a boy outlined his ca- s
! reer as a man. In maturity lie retained all '
! his weaknesses, and his sympathies would ;
ever overrule bis judgment. When a boy ;
he was never afraid of ghosts nor tne !
graveyard by night, Dnt nothing could get |
; him to stand up in a fight with another \
| boy. As a man, when lie was attacked by ;
| a Congressman, he stood and took his
punishment without fighting back.
Greeley had an insatiable thirst for
i knowledge. He read the newspaper which
bia father took, but which only served as a
: stimulus to his intellectual appetite. He '
scoured the country for seven miles around
! for books, and read everything he could
! borrow. He clung to his r>ook at all times,
whether on an errand to the cellar, the j
woodpile or a neighbor's. Like Lincoln,
many thousand miles away, he filled the:
fireplace with pine knots "and spent long
; evenings reading. When 11 years old he '
i read Shakespeare thoroughly. At this
I time he was very poor, living on a half
cleared farm in Vermont and working with
i hia father clearing the land. With his
I brothers and sisters, he made the principal
j meal of the day on bean rjorridge, the ,
' children sitting on the floor around a five- !
: quart pan, eating from the same dish. His
i mother testified that it cost not more than :
: $.'} a year to clothe Horace.
The turning point in hi? life came when i
! he was 13 years old and entered the print- ;
i ing office of Amos Bliss at Poult ney, Vt., i
la3 an apprentice. He was bound out for
■ five years, during which he worked hard!
: at his case, improving his mind the while '
and sending his meager earnings to his !
father, who was now "struggling " to clear i
[another farm in the woods of Pennsyl
vania, He derived much pleasure and
| benefit from the Public Librarv at Poult
i ney, and exercised hia taste for composi- 1
! tion by setting up original paragraphs for
I the paper. His dominating intellect '■
downed all base passion and kept him i
; from the allurements of a life of pleasure
,at this time. There was one thing about
the young apprentice, however, a habit
, which stuck to him all through life— he
i was luridly and picturesquely profane.
At the beginning of the fifth year of his '
! apprenticeship the paper for which he ■
I worked failed, and he started for Pennsyl
vania, where he remained at his father's
home to recover from an illness. The next '
j few months were hard times for young !
j Greeley, as work was scarce in that portion
'of the country and the pay was poor. Fi- I
1 nally he gave up the effort there and !
started for the metropolis, going down the j
Hudson River on a towboat. He landed at j
the Battery in New York with, just $10 in '
his pocket and engaged board in a saloon !
at 52 50 per week. His first few months in
; New York City was a peiiod of struggle, •
and marked by poverty and privation. — j
Lecture by Congressman Cnmmings.
THE EOODOO GONE.
The St. Paul Will Be a l.nruv Ship
Henceforth.
The St. Paul has proved herself the most
remarkable sea-going vessel afloat. Now
that she has escaped safely from her third
disaster no harm can come to her or her
owners from references to episodes in her
career which might have sounded in an
unfriendly tone while she lay helpless on
the Jersey sands.
First— The original attempt to launch her
was a failure. Her second and successful
launching was on Friday. An old rigger
in the employ of the Cramps, on that oc
casion, gloomily grumbled amid the hur
rahs of the multitude : "She doesn't belong
to the International Navigation Company,
that ship don't, she belongs to Davy
Jo;;es' locker."
Second — While lying in her New York
dock the head of one of her cylinders was
blown out and several men killed.
Third — She poked her nose into the State
of New Jersey. Now all believers in super
stitions will ajrree that if tnree evils have
j been successfully averted in succession the
! object of the evil-eye is forever after free
j from the threat of disaster. If the St.
, Paul had broken up on the Long Branch
| bar, the believers in her predestined ill
; fortune would have wisely shaken their
j heads and said, "Didn't I tell you so?"
i But her successful escape not only has
i absolutely secured her future good fortune,
i according to all rules of superstition, but
j has proven her a maritime marvel.-#l»hila
| delphia Times.
THE SAX FRANCISCO V?ALL, SATURDAY, FEBRUARY L>2, 1896.
LOYALTY OF CATHOLICS
Father McKinnion of Rio Vista
Lectures on That Sub
ject.
PROUD OF THEIR HISTORY.
The Eloquent Priest Pays His Respects
to the A. P. A. Before a Large
Audience.
The fifth lecture of a series given under
the auspices of the Young Men's Catholic
Union was delivered last evening to a
packed house in Metropolitan Hall. The
lecturer was Father McKinnion of Rio
Vista.
In calling the meeting to order Samuel
J. Haskins, grand secretary of the Young
Men'3 Union, explained why these lec
tures were siven. He said that the course
was intended to be educational and to
present Catholic truths. The purposes of
the union were described as benevolent
and fraternal, and the members of this
REV. W. D. McIiINMON OF RIO VISTA, CAL.
society stood for their rights as citizens
against all opposition.
Miss Mamie Byrne sang "Hail, Colum
bia," and Miss Catherine Black "The Star
spangled Banner."
Mr. Haskins announced that the Rev.
Father Yorke wished it understood dis
tinctly that he would not engage in any
debate or controversy with Rev. Mr. Ro3S.
At the mention of the name of Father
Yorke the audience cheered and ap
plauded with great enthusiasm and con
tinued the applause for an unusually long
time.
Father McKinnion was greeted witb
most enthusiastic marks of respect and
welcome by the large audience. At tiie
conclusion of this cordial greeting tic
began his eloquent and able lecture. The
subject was "Catholic Loyalty," and his
treatment of it called out "frequent bursts
of approval. He said:
Ladies and Gentlomen: It seems Rtrange in
this as;e ot advanced idea? and liberality of
thought and feeling that here on the ocean
washed shores of a free Republic, where equal
rights; are the heritage or all, where the Dag
that floats above us is a synonym of liberty,
where every man is free to worship God agree
ably to the dictates of his conscience, any
body of men could be found so blinded by
hatred, bigotry and prejudice as to call inu*
question the loyalty of patriotic citizens who
took such a prominent part In the discovery,
liberating and building up of this glorious Re
public and whose devotion to their country
was proved on many a gory battlefield. Yet,
my friends, to our shame and humiliation we
are compelled to acknowledge that such an or
ganization of men exists among us, and the
name of this traitorous body, tne combination
oi baseness, vilene<*s and infamy, that seeks to
uproot the fundamental laws of the land, the
very groundwork ot our cocstitutiou, is the A.
11.I 1 . A.
The one fixed aim of this politico-sectarian
organization of skulking conspirators is to in
flict injury upon Roman Catholics ami deny
them the right to labor and live. The weapons
used are falsehood, slander and forgery. The
men employed to wield these weapons are
briefless lawyers, notoriety-hunting preachers
and pinhead politicians. From this very plat
form", Sunday after Sunday, these bamacle3
in human form have poured out their Jiltji
and obscenity on a patient and long-suffering
public. But worse than this, ministers of th
Uod of peace, prostituting their high positions
to their hungtr for gold and notoriety, have in
the Bume temple and at the. same time that
they adored their God hurled the concentrated I
malice of their hearts, the poisoned shafts of '
calumny and detraction, at cream res fashioned '
by the hand of the same God out of the same
common clav and made in the same divine
imagefor the same glorious destiny.
.Spurious documents rilled with absurd and
startling intelligence, and t-aid to emanate from I
the illustriouß head of the Catholic church, are
scattered broadcast throughout the land. Ap
peals are unblushingly made to that low ani
mal paßsion, unfortunately inherent in our na
ture, which leads to crimes that «t.l'aui woula i
not have to be even so much as named among
Christians. Reverend blackguards, boasted
ministers of the God of holines3 and purity,
make no scruple whatever in treating with trie i
most disgusting detail from public platforms, i
pulpits and the press, certain matters that >
pure-minded Christians would blush to think '■
about. Such apologies for men as Bowman, ■
Ross, Henry, Case, l'almer and others, think i
nothing of giving circulation to obscene -mat- ]
ters whioh would cover with disgrace the most '
ordinary citizen who lays no claim to any. pe
culiar sanctity, but simply stands forth clad in
the panoply of an honest, decent man.
Nothing can be too bad for these men pro
vided it be only directed against ihe Catholic
cnurch. Their morbid appetite for scandal re- '
jectsnotood.no matter how loathsome. The I
most obscene narratives of the most obscene |
and abandoned wretches like Mnria Moult, or
the most driveling apostate like Chinaquy j
and siaitery, are precisely what pleases their
palate.
To give their calumnies some semblancs of
truth they tako up Catholic books, pick up a
sentence | here and another there, | poisoning
their meaning by causing the words to pass
through the alembic of their own impure
minds; they strine them together to suit the
theory of their own foul suspicions, and they
thus succeed in extracting impurity out of the
things most pure, darkness out of lltrht. Like
a serpent crawling through a beautilul flower
garden and infecting the fragant atmosphere
with its pestilent breath, they succeed in ex
tracting but poibon from the sweetest and love
liest flowers.
All the crimes in the catalogue have by
these methods been laid at the door of the
Catholic citizens of this Republic, and It is
indeed, a sad commentary lon our boasted
enlightenment that it should be necessary for
us to come forward to deny these charges.
Yet euch is the case, for while we have with !
us the most enlightened and pure-minded of !
the ' Protestant community, there - are thou
sands of ignorant haters* of the Pope who,
unless taught tho truth, will believe every
syllable uttered by , these mountebank
preachers. From answers already, given and
the noble stand taken . by Father Yorke we
see that this disgraceful method of warfare has
already recoiled and will Mill recoil with ter
rible effect ; on i tne heads of these blatant
bigots wdo are now the active leaders in this
anti-Catholic crusade :in : this country. The
American people will not consent to be forever
duped; there is : a point beyond which even
their forbearance will not go. The reaction
must come, and its dawn is already observed
faintly shining above the horizon of liberty.
Among the charges brought forward by these
British and Scandinavian defenders of Amer
ican liberty, none are repeated more ire
<»liently than this, that Catholics are not and
cannot be loyal to the institutions of this Re
public.
To show that this charge is false, that it is
without foundation, that it is (like their other
charges) the emanation of diseased mind*, cor
rupt neaits and morbid imaginations, will be
the object o f this evening's lecture.
The lecturer stated that the Catholic
churcn taught its adherents to be loyal
citizens, and that the history of America
showed that Catholics profited by her
teachings. "By her system of Christian
education she so earnestly and persist
ently advocates she teaches her children
more loyalty to their country in one day
than could be learned in a lifetime from
the unclean lips of the whole menagerie of
political preachers, Canadians, Orangemen
and Scandinavian bigots who are inces
santly screeching about a patriotism they
never possessed and about battle flags they
would be too cowardly to defend." He
continued :
The Catholic church, realizing the fact that
religion and morality are necessary for the
preservation of society and for the safeguard
of the Republic, insists upon her children be
ing instructed not only intellectually, but
morally as well. While she maintains that
both an intellectual and a moral training are
necessary for a perfect education, yet she con
tends that of the two the moral training is the
more essential. Thus, in teaching her children
to be guided by the principles of religion and
morality, she teaches them at the same time
to be loyal and patriotic subjects. The more
religious and moral they are the more loyal
they will be. The more love, reverence and
respect thev have for Almighty God the more
they will have for him who, in the state, is
vested with his authority. Nor does she limit
her teaching to a general outline of duty. On
the contrary she specifies our respective duties
both to the state and to the representative of
viiri t in the chair of Peter.
From this doctrine you will find that her
jurisdiction is well defined and its limits too
clearly sot to alarm an intelligent informed
mind, and from following her teaching a
Catholic citizen of onr Republic can be second
to none in jealously separating the spiritual
and temporal authority, in zealously Insisting
that the sanctuary alone is the sphere of the
priest, while to the state belongs exclusive
control of ali civil a -fairs.
The trnchir>£r>: of ;he church which built up
and sustained San Marino, Andorra, Venice and
a host of Old World republics, can contain
nothing injurious to our republican govern
ment more perfect than any of these have been.
On the contrary the Catholic doctrine is:
Loyalty to the Republic is a divine virtue and
resistance to its laws a sin crying to heaven for
vengeance, for in the words of St, Paul, - 'ile
that reiisteth the power resisteth the ordinance
of God and they that resist purchase to them
selves damnation. Wherefore be subject of
necessity not only for wrath but also for con-
Bdence sake." In the eyes of the church
loyalty to country is loyalty to God; patriotism
is a heavenly virtue, a high form of holy
obedience ; the patriot dying for his country
wears the halo of a martyr. The Catholic
church commands, blesses, consecrates patriot
ism. The true catholic must needs be a true
patriot.
Our Bishops assembled in solemn council at
Baltimore in I?4G, in their pastoral letter of
that date say : "The paternal authority of the
chief Bishop ii constantly misrepresented and
assailed by the adversaries of our holy relig
ion, especially in this country, and is viewed
with suspicion even by some who acknowledge
its powerful influence in preserving faith and
unity. It is unnecessary for us to tell you,
brethren, that the kingdom of Christ, of which
the Bishop of Rome, an successor of Peter, has
received the keys, is not of this world- and
that obedience due to the Vicar of the Savior
is in no way inconsistent with your civil alle
giance, your social duties as citizens, or your
rights as men.
"We can confidently appeal to the whole tenor
of our instructions, not only in our public ad
dresses but in our most confidential commu
nications, and you can boar witness that we
have always taught 5011 to render to Casu the
things which are Caesar's; to God the things
which are God's. Be not then heedful of the
misrepresentations of foolish men, who, un
able to combat the evidence of our faith, seek
to excite unjust prejudice against that au
thority which has always proved its firmest
support. Continue to practice justice and
charity toward all your fellow-citizens, respect
the magistrates, observe the law, shun tumult
and disorder, as free, and not as having liberty
as a cloak for malice, but as the servants of
God. You, my brethren, have been called
unto liberty; only make not liberty an occa
sion to the fiesh, but by charity of "the spirit
serve one another. For all the law is fulfilled
in one word: Thou shalt love thy neighbor as
thyself. Thus you will put to shame the ca
lumniators of our holy faith and vindicate It
more effectually than by any abstract profes
sion or disclaimer."
After citing the spoken opinions and the
pastoral letters of American bishops to
prove ttiat Catholics are loyal citizens and
are taught loyalty to the Republic, the
speaker said:
Again, in our own. State, who is stronger in
his Americanism, who labors more earnestly,
in public and in private, to inculcate the les
sons of patriotism and loyalty than the eccle
siastical head of this arcudiocese, Archbishop
P. W. Kiordan?
1 might tjuote many other authorities show
ing that the Pope has no civil or political
authority, power, jurisdiction or pre-eminence
whatever in this Republic and never claimed to
nave any; that the doctrine of the church in
sists on her children being loyal to the laws
and institutions 01 the iand— but 1 think it un
necessary. What I have already said should be
JJ" "icient to convince even an A. P. A. idiot,
ihey have asserted the contrary to be a fact,
but they have never proved their assertion and
they never can. I defy them to point out even
one attempt on the part of the Roman Pontiff
io exercise any civil or political power in
America or in any way interfere in affairs ol
a government. But a matter of one falsehood
more or less does not count with these Orange
protectors of American liberty.
Father McKinnion dwelt at length upon
the constitutional right of all citizens of
the I nited States to worship as thny
pleased, and this he said is different from
the principles of the A. P. A. He quoted
American history to prove that Catholics
from the beginning have been loyal to the
flag and to the free institutions of Amer
ica. Catholics were with Washington and
Lafayette while' "the progenitors of the A.
P. A. were with Cornwallis and Burgoyno."
He continued:
They were at Bunker Hill, at Lexington, at
valley Poi-rc, at Ticonderoga, at Saratoga and
at lorktown. They were in the invading army
of our Government sent to Catholic Mexico a
half a century ago and when they reached the
boundary they found no Papal bull to butt
them back over the Rio Grande, and when the
Rebellion came they fought side by side with
leir Protestant comrades, laying down their
lives freely to maintain the honor and dignity
or the American flag. They fought as Ameri
can citizens, not as members ol aay religious
denomination.
The speaker said that while the United
States was at war with a Protestant Gov
ernment, Catholic Prance came to
America's assistance with money, fleets
and armies, which secured the final
triumph. Catholic Poland was represented
by Pulaski and Koscuisko. Catholic Spain
was the first country to send a representa
tive to the United* States and thus ack
nowledge them to be a nation, and during
the struggle she contributed generously to
the American army and opened her ports
to the American marine. The names of
several Catholic warriors distinguished
for valor in American history were quoted,
and the speaker recalled the" part taken by
Catholics in the War of the Rebellion. In
conclusion he said:
Our history in America, my friends, Is one
we need not be ashamed of; it is noble and en
couraging. Its more frequent study must
make us love this our country better and our
church not less.
In every department of American develop
ment Catholic mindE and Catholic arms have
been felt. We have given the I'nion warriors
ana statesmen in number and anility who crii
well bear comparison with those oi any
other creed. In science, in authorship, in
oratory we have been represented as well
as in digging and delving and carrying the hod.
We can look history in the taee, and putting
our hands upon any part of the fabric of the
State, we can say with truth, This is partly
our work. I have not adduced these facts to
found on them any claim to National gratitude
at the present day. The Catholics in America
in this eeneration want no National gratitude.
We ask only fair play, equal rights and the
'.ruth of history for the honor of our faith and
the instruction of our children. Then with
God for our guide and our own labor ior our
independence, we may defy the designs of
bigots and look as fearlessly to the future as
proudly to the past.
LIVES ON THE OCEAN.
A Rich Lady Who Has Boarded on a
Steamship for Years.
For the third time since 9he began her
trips in 1893, the steamship Lucania came
in here last week without having Mrs.
Carson on board, and it was an event in
the history of the steamer. It did not
seem like the same vessel with this strange
boarder absent.
Any one in search of a good boarding
house might get some points from Mrs.
Carson — address the North Atlantic Ocean.
The old song tells of a "Home on the
rolling deep," but Mrs. Carson is probably
the only person whose home is realiy
there. Officers and sailors "go down to
the f>ea in ships" to "do business on the
great deep," and leave their homes on
shore, but Mrs. Carson has ner home on
the sea, and only goes ashore for business
and pleasure. Her present floating home
is the Lucania, and she is greatly attached
to it.
For how many years Mrs. Carson has
been making her home on the North At
lantic nobody seems to know exactly, but
she was going back and forward between
New York and Liverpoo.l for some time
before the Lucania set forth for the nrst
time.
When the big steamship was launched
Mrs. Carson inspected her and concluded
to take board on her. She selected a roomy
cabin, and settling up her Lares and Pen
ates therein, settled down comfortably to
enjoy her new home.
The Lucania is now in her twenty-sixth
round trip, that is, she has crossed the
ocean fifty-one times. Only twice before
tbe present trip has Mrs. Carson been ab
sent from the steamer when she plunged
"the ocean blue." Therefore she has
crossed the ocean forty-six times on the
Lucania.
For two years the ship has been her
floating home. She has been on deck in
the gentle breezes of summer and the tierce
gales of winter; has seen the beauty of the
sights of the starlight and moonlight, and
the sights of darkness and storm. .Some
times, when the vessel is in port, she eoes
to a hotel for a day or two; more often she
does not leave the ship, for she is a steady
boarder.
Of the reasons for Mrs. Carson's choice
of a boarding-house, only the bare outlines
are knawn. She is supposed to be a widow.
She is known to be a woman of means,
and to cordially dislike and distrust the
relatives to whom her property will go
upon her death, Stie does not want to be
where they can pet at her, and she does
like the sea. So instead of going to some
out-of-the-way place 01; the Continent to
live, where she would be lonesome, she
chooses the Atlantic Ocean as her home
and tlie Lucania as her boarding-house.
Mrs. Carson is about 45 years old. and is
slight in person. Sue is a woman of edu
cation and refinement and seems to enjoy
thoroughly her strange life. Nobody
knows how many times she has crossed
the ocean since she took up her home on
the "bounding billow," but her long ex
perience has made her a good sailor, and
she knows all about the ship and the hand
ling of her in storm and calm.
It js supposed that some important busi
ness connected with her property caused
this break in her life. It is confidently ex
pected that she will be aboard next trip,
for she hns shown no inclination to change
her boarding-house. It is possible that
Mrs. Carson has gone to • inspect some
other ship, with an idea of moving, but
the Lucania' s people do not think it prob
able.
Mrs. Carson spends her money liberally,
and.it is said, has announced herir.ten
tion of getting rid of all she conveniently
can, so that tiie heirs she so much dislikes
will not have so much enjoy after her
death. She is an English woman, it
should be said, and her property is in Eng
land.
One of the Lucania's people said yester
day : "I do not know why Mrs. Carson did
not come this trip, I am sure, it must
have been something very important to
keep her ashore. Only twice before has
she missed a trip aince the ship was
launched, and we miss her very much." —
New York Press.
LEPT-HANDEDNESS.
A Peculiarity That Is Almost Impos
sible to Overcome.
One of the prevailing ideas about right
handedness is that it is merely a matter
of training, and that left-handed indi
viduals have become so either from want
of care on the part of nurses and parents,
or from imitation of some older person.
In many children the preference for on«
hand is shown from a very early age — be
fore the child has learned to handle any
thing but tt.e very simplest toys, and,
therefore, before training can have
caused a preference at all. More
than this, the experience of left
handed persons is on record in whom
the peculiarity has been early noticed
and combated, but without the slightest
effect. In the case of one child, both
whose parents were left-handed we are
told: "His mother, accordingly, watched
his early manifestations of the same ten
dency, and employed every available
means to counteract it. His left hand was
bound up or tfed behind him; and this
was persevered in until it was feared that
the left arm had been permanently injured.
Yet all proved vain. The t>oy resumed the
use of tlie left hand as soon as the restraint
was removed.' 1
It must not be supposed that all persons,
whether right or left handed, have so
strong an instinctive preference for one
hand as this. There are many degrees and
shades of rk'ht and left handedneps in
adult life. A large number of persons
seem to have had no strong natural
bias either way, and accordingly fall in
with the prevailing usage in all or nearly
all respects, and these seem to become
right - handed by training and imi
tation. In some of them a trace
remains of their original indifference
in the shape of a preference for the left
hand in some actions; it is not uncommon
to meet with people right-handed in all
other respects who yet use two-handea
implements, such as an ax or a cricket
bat, with the left hand next the "business
end," after the manner usual with the left
handed. Tnere is no doubt that among
those who have a strong instinctive pref
erence for one hand, the right-handed are
in a large majority. The proportion they
bear to those right-handed by trainine
only is, and will probably remain, quite
uncertain. — Chambers' Journal.
"Familiarity breeds contemm" is a
proverb found in one form or another in
ever}' European or Asiatic language having
a literature. Its earliest form is believed
to be tbe Sanskrit.
SPRINKLING MAY CEASE
Merchants Threaten to Let the
Streets of the City Go
Dusty.
MUST USE MUNICIPAL FUNDS.
They Will No Longer Bear the
Private Expense of a Public
Function.
No more, streets are to be sprinkled
unless at the public expense. Such is
practically the determination of the mer
chants that have for many years con
tributed privately to have the dust settled
in the main business thoroughfares.
Partly through the efforts of the Mer
chants' Association, an appropriation of
$l">0,000 was made last year for cleaning
und sprinkling the streets, but up to the
present time not a cent of the amount has
been spent upon sprinkling. No contracts
have been let for the work, although the
merchants have repeatedly requested the
Board of Supervisors to take action upon
the matter. But somehow the subject l-ns
only been revived each time and then
allowed to subside, after being mysterious
ly laid aside by the Board.
The report at the end of the first six
months of the fiscal year shows that there
remains of the $75,000 supposed to be em
ployed in the half-year for cleaning and
sprinkling, a balance of over $17,000.
From this showing the merchants argue
that there is money for sprinkling; that it
was appropriated for that purpose and
cannot be diverted to another; that tiie
people generally are paying extra taxes
incident to the increased street cleaning
fund, but are not getting sprinkled streets
except in the old and limited manner and
at the expense of the few merchants who
are themselves subjected to an additional
burden by reason of having to pay pri
vately for what they pay taxes for and do
not receive.
Until recently no perceptible opposition
was offered to municipal street-sprinkling.
The only objectors had been the five or
six owners of private sprinkling routes
maintained by particular merchants. It
was to protect these people in their occu
pations that the Merchants' Association
obtained a division of tue street contracts
into the sweeping and sprinkling depart
ments. But none of the present sprinklers
would bid for the City privilege, nor would
any of them listen to a proposition made
by the Merchants' Association of employ
ing their wagons, including driver and
team, at $5 a day each. Other persons of
fered bids ranging from 25 cents down to
4 cents per 1000 square yards sprinkled, But
those bids have never been acted upon.
Some of the property-owners of the
Mission, Hayes Valley and other outlying
districts have entered a protest, against
having public funds used to sprinkle any
particular part of the City. Attorney John
T. Dare represents the interests of 750 per
sons whose petition has already been
filed with the Supervisors, and fully that
many more whose names have been ob
tained since. They object to the City
sprinkling any streets unless all the streets
can be sprinkled, and assert that the pro
posed plan of sprinkling only the main
business districts embodies the principle
of taxation of the many for the immedi
ate benefit of the few.
The merchants, some of whom have
been maintaining private sprinklers for
nearly twenty-five years, do not concede
that they are the only ones benefited.
.1. Richard Freud, secretary of the Mer
chants' Association, speaking yesterday
for it, said:
During the last ten days we sent out our su
perintendent with the driver of a sprinkling
cart, furnished at our expense, to make esti
mates upon the expense of sprinkling the
streets included in the specifications for City
sprinkling, according to the understanding at
the time tne extra $70, 000 was appropriated.
He found that the original estimate of ij>2o,ooo
ucr year wonld be more than enough for the
prescribed area and enough for much outside
of the district.
The point made by the Merchants' Associa
tion, and it is borne out by Supervisor Taylor,
is that if the original estimate for sweeping
and sprinkling was $150,000, why should the
merchants now be asked to contribute practi
cally for what is already paid for by the City
funds now in the vaults?
There is no disposition on the part of down
town merchants to detract from the interests
of the merchants in the outlying districts. We
maintain that to sprinkle the main streets
where the greatest amount of traffic is done
and wher^ the most peoj le go constantly, is a
benefit to the whole City. There is no city
where sprinkling is so necessary as here, be
cause of the sandy soil and the strong winds.
In three day.« recently a man from the Mer
chants' Association got 835 of the best and
largest business firms in the City to sign a peti
tion to the Supervisors to let the bids for
sprinkling. Last August the street-sweering
contract was let to the lowest bidder, but the
sprinkling bids offered at the same time have
not been noticed.
The residents generally come in for the ben
efit to be derived from sprinkled streets, be
cause the members ot every household must
use the main thoroughfares in doing their
shopping and in going to and from the mnin
business centers of the City. Heretofore it has
teen two or three or more of the mostenter
prisinsr and public-spirited merchants in a
block that have had to bear all tne expense of
a benefit in which the otrier merchants, the
occupants of upper stories and the public us
ing the street have shared. They have decided
to e-top it.
The district that it is intended to sprinkle is
very much more extensive than is generally
supposed, and includes every business street in
the City— Market, most of the streets branch
ing to the north and west, and fora distance
of many blocks, and all the business streets
south of Market.
President Dohrmann of the Merchants'
Association said:
The people have paid for the sprinkling, and
why don't they get it ?
If the sprinkling is done down to San Jose
avenue, the Southern Pacific station, the ferry
'and all round the business part about Market
and north of Market, out Montgomery and
Van Ness, embracing a district where every
body goes, where the business and the traffic is
greatest and the most people are annoyed by
the dust, sprinkling is a benefit to all. Is the
sprinkling not in such cases done where the
greatest taxes are paid?
it is always the storekeeper that has had to
pay nine-tenths of these voluntary taxes for
private sprinkling. Ido not Epeak from per
sonal motives, because I fear nothing. The
NEW TO-DAY.
Charles Gounod
the well-known Composer,
wrote of
THE IDEAL TONIC:
••Honor to ♦ Vin Marian i,' that
admirable Tonic-Wine, which so
often restored my strength.*'
I Maiied FreeTl
I Descriptive Book with Testimony and
I Portraits
s OF NOTED CELEBRITIES.
Beneficial and Agreeable.
Every Teat JProvcs Reputation.
ATOid Substitutions. Ask for 'Tin Marlani.*
At Druggists and Fancy Grocers.
MARIAN! & CO.,
street just In iron t of my plao? is protected and
easily kept clean without sprinkling.
There are two great objectious to Sun rrn->
--cisco in the summer months — the logs an«i tho
-i'lst. We can't prevent the fogs, but we can
lav a good deal of the <lust.
the merchants have done right. They can
quit paying and give the public au olj
son oi! unsprinkled streets in the busiest part
of the City.
The merchants themselves have expended
$33.000 /or street cleaning, I have no doubt
they would gladly arid 91000 to the I Itjr
sprinkling fund in order to see the experiment
tried miring the remainder of the present fis
cal yenr.
Mr. Davis of Davis Bros., another mer
chant opposed to farther private expendi
tures when there is nubhc money on hand
for the purpose, said:
Some people say, do they, that there should
be no sprinkling unless the whole City can be
sprinkled? Do these name psople also believe
thai there should be no sweeping unless every
street in the City can be equally swept?
Down town the streets must be swept all day
lonp, while In som? places in otner parts of
the City it is necessary to sweep only once a
week or less often. To sprinkle all the streets
every dny would manifestly be impracticable,
particularly where- some of them are so little
used, and to sprinkle some of them once a
week or once a month would not accomplish
the purpose.
The Merchants' Association presented a
petition yesterday to the Board of Super
visors requesting" that action be taken in
the matter of letting out the sprinkling
contract. A detailed statement was also
made of the por-ition maintained by the
association. It was also asserted that New
York, Boston, Philadelphia, Salt Lake,
Cambridge, as well as Oakland, Sacra
mento, San Jose, Fresno, Santa Cruz, Ala
nieda and other progressive cities recog
nize the sprinkling of streets as a proper
municipal function.
Kin'w He Was Coming.
A gentleman a short time ago was a pas
senger on board a steamer plying between
the fashionable watering places of Black
pool and Southport.
Feeling rather lonely and wishing to
engage in conversation with some one, he
approached one of the sailors and said to
him :
"We have a very smooth sea this morn
ing; it is like a sheet of glass. You don't
always have it like this?
"No, sir," was the answer, "but you see
as how they knowed as you were coming
to-day, so the authorities at Blackpool
telephoned to the corporation at South
port, and they at once ordered out the
steam-roller and rolled the sea down for
the occasion. That is how it is so smooth."
The gentleman retired to the end of the
vessel, and was some time before tie recov
ered himself. — Spare Moments.
The farmers near Hamilton, Ohio, say
that large numbers of small grasshoppers
have appeared, and that they are as lively
as though it were the regular season for
grasshoppers.
NEW TO-PAY.
Gladness Comes
\ 7ith a better understanding of the i'
'V V transient nature of the many phys- ,
ical ills, which vanish before proper ef-
orts — gentle efforts — pleasant efforts —
rightly directed. There is comfort in
the knowledge, that so many forms of
sickness are not due to any actual dis-
ease, but simply to a constipated condi-
tion of the system, which the pleasant
family laxative, Syrup of Figs, prompt-
ly removes. That is why it is the only
remedy with millions of families, and is
everywhere esteemed so highly by all
who value good health. Its beneficial
effects are due to the fact, that it is the
one remedy which promotes internal
cleanliness without debilitating the
organs on which it acts. It is therefore
all important, in order to get its bene-
ficial effects, to note when you pur-
chase, that you have the genuine arti-
cle, which is manufactured by the Cali-
fornia Fig Syrup Co. only, and sold by
all reputable druggists.
If in the enjovment of good health,
and the system is regular, laxatives or
other remedies are then not needed. If
afflicted with any actual disease, one
may be commended to the most skillful
physicians, but if in need of a laxative,
one should have the best, and with the
well-informed everywhere, Syrup of
Figs stands highest and is most largely
used and gives most general satisfaction.
BUSINESSMEN
DO NOT MAKE INVESTMENTS WITHOUT
XJ careful consideration of all details. "When they
BUY
They make sure they are getting their money's
worth. Same with a bicycle. Don't buy until you
see u number of the best. We claim to have toe
best, and not only that, but believe wo can prove
it to you. All we ask is that you favor us with a
call and see the =>J . .
Sterling Bicycle *
" BUILT LIKE A WATCH."
Send for Catalogue. Free.
STERLING CYCLE WORKS,
WM. V. BRYAN, MANAGEK,
314 POST STREET, S.F.
The
i Shirts j
I That
Wear ,^L\
1 Well, fit well and TR * OC f I
I look well. Sold 'W "R |
H everywhere. Ask « A rk.* j§
everywhere. Ask „*„,,.
| for STANDARD l(jfi| n=rj J I
shirts. Vyy
I] Neustodter Bros, Mfr.., S.F * >^ 9
§yfl^aflß^.jiia»j>i^wjiiMi iJ iu J i|i.,,u^j
Peoples Home Savings BanL
rriHK NEXT DIVIDEND OF io* WII r bf
X paid by the Columbian Banking Co. on and af
terilarch 2. 1896. If holders of deposit boo",
will mail them to us with orders signed by them to
collect the dividend we will retnrn the books witn
the money. COLUMBIAN BANKING CO
Mills Building, San Francisco, C»I.THE ENTHUSIASM
STILL GROWING
Paderewski's Recital Draws
a Bigger House Than
Ever.
BRAVO ! FOR THE PIANIST
The Concert Comes to an End
in a Grand Climax of
Applause.
MASTERS ANCIENT AND MODERN
The Pianist Gives a Magnificent Ren
dering to a Long and Varied
Programme.
The Paderewski craze in San Francisco
is rapidly reaching a full-blown crescendo.
There were outward and visible signs of it
at the recital yesterday afternoon at the
California Theater.
The house had been almost sold out, but
an hour before the pianist appeared on the
stage crowds were besieging the theater on
the chance of securing admission. The
few remaining seats went off like hot cakes,
and then people came in to stand. The
left aisles, both up and down stairs, first
liiled with a dense line of music-lovers, for
that vantage ground commanded an excel
lent view of the keyboard. Then the right
aisles lined up, for from that favored spot
the pianist's facial expression could be
studied. Almost before a third of the seat
holders had arrived the foyer was a dense
mass of patiently standing humanity, and
the staircase was rapidly being pre-empted
by enterprising meiomaniacs.
It was after 3 o'clock when the pianist
entered. He was greeted with what
Italians call "discreet' applause, for the
audience that by this time packed every
nook and corner of the house seemed more
eager to hear the artist than to spend any
of the minutes that might be radiant with
music in lavishing noi.sy demonstrationa
on Paderewski himseif. As usual, the
enthusiasm grew and multiplied as the
programme progressed, till the recital
culminated in cries of "bravo!"'
A singular fact about the hypnotic spell
which Paderewski'3 marvelous genius
throws over bis hearers is that a large
number of the people who listen to him
with rapt and delighted attention do not
know enough about the various composi
tions and the styles of the composers to
follow the programme. One only had to
glance around at the end of a number yes
terday afternoon to see many people who
evidently did not know ''where they were
at I ' in the list of worKs that Paderewski
was playing.
They glanced at their programmes in a
curious, puzzled manner; murmured,
"What was that?" to companions, who
often knew no more than themselves, and
tnen lap.-ed back into the joy of the music,
without worrying over the question of
who had composed it.
Of course ther» were many musicians
and dilettanti who were thoroughly con
versant with every number on the pro
gramme; others knew enough to take
their bearings occasionally; but there
were quite a number of unfortunates who
mistook the second movement of the
Beethoven concerto for the Paganini-
Brahms number, and when Paderewski
gave one of the "Songs Without Words"
as an encore to the real Paganini number
they realized that they had somehow got
to sea on the programme without chart or
compass, and listened to the rest of tne
music, blissfully ignorant of whether it
was Chopin, Liszt or Paderewski that was
being played. Only at the end of the pro
gramme, even musicians, dilettanti and
people who knew nothing at all about
music, of one accord — they wanted more
of that glorious playing, and did not mean
to nejjlect the chance of getting ii for lack
of asking.
The programme began with a Bach
chromatic fantasie and fugue. Th.s was
one of the most delicious morsels for the
n:usicians. The great John Sebastian is
so full of melody to those who know him
and love him. Paderewski illumined the
themes of the work he played yesterday
with a classic glory all his own. The
Beethoven sonata was another source of
great joy to the hearers, particularly to
those who had wrestled with it themselves
and appreciated something of its technical
and artistic difficulties. To say that
Paderewski piayed it magnificently is a
platitude. The pale, care-worn looking
artist seemed transfigured with the in
spiration of the Bonn master as he dallied
with the great technical difficulties of the
sonata as if they had been child's play,
and breathed a spirit of beauty into the
themes that made the people who do not
profess to appreciate classical music won
der they had never known before that
Beethoven wrote such swr-et tunes.
ThePaganini-Brahms"Variations"(opus
35) was a tour de force that brought down
the house. Even people who could not
play the pianoforte centered their eyes on
the key-board, astonished at the physical
feat which Paderewski was performing.
As an encore the pianist gave Mendels
sohn's "Spring Song."
The ChoDin cluster which seems to fig
ure in all the programmes consisted of
'•Etudes" 2 arul 12, the Impromptu
in F sharp, op. 36, and the yalse in A
flat, op. 43. Paderewski's playing of them
was, of course, of the order which lands
iiiumination to Chopin. He gave another
"Etude" as an encore to "Etude" No. 12,
and as an encore to the familiar A flat
valse he played his own "Minuet a An
tique."
Paderewski's Legende No. 2, which qame
next on the programme, is one of his most
recent compositions, though it has been
published for some months. It is a beau
tiful, melodious work, which promises to
become as popular as the "Minuet a l'An
tique." The programme ended with three
Liszt numbers, all of which were played in
a marvelously descriptive manner. They
were: "Au bord d'une Source." "Etude
de Concert" in F minorand the "Campan
ella." In response to a most determined
encore PaderewsKi came back and played
Liszt's tenth "Hungarian Rhapsodic"
The programme for next Sunday's con
<-*rt at'the Baldwin Theater is as follows:
< hromatlc fantasia and fugue - Bach
HoData. appasionata, F minor, op. 67.... Beethoven
Allegro assai ; andante con moto (variations.)
A.ijfcro ma non troppo: presto.
Sl -f-narip.-ilurK.liarlc theLark"")
•i<- Vlenne. k.Scbubert-Llzst
* -r: King. J
Nocturne, H major, op. 62. ■ )
•■ouata, B Im minor, op. 35, with funeral j
Vk'aiu! o'nat major, op. 64. ChOplD '
-Mazurka, I, flat minor, op. 24, No. 4.
V'", n:;isf> A Hat. op. 53.
B rat. op. 16, No. 4 Vaderewiki
J-i.apsodie Hongroise, No. 12..... Liszt
1 ■ • > . ,-ii the Acts.
in - U3ana «<-weut of the Columbia Theater,
alort to the value of attractive innovations,
has arranged to introduce entertaining fea
ture.* between tlie acts of the plays produced at
that house. Daring the coming week, begin
ning Momiav Bight, little (■crtio Carlisle will
introduce songs and specialties between the acts
of "The Old lime KUu."
THE CLEARY CASE.
Chnrgeg Against tho Inspector Sub
mitted to the United States
Grand Jury.
The case of Customs Inspector Cleary
was submitted to the United States Grand
Jury yesterday. Only one witness was
examined. The "Wong Sam case will also
be heard, and it is not unlikely that the
charges against Inspector Williams will
be investigated by the jury.
Indictments were returned yesterday
against Gustave Braunschweiger and
Charles W. Orr. The former forged a
United States postal order for a small
sum. Orr was the rirst officer of the ship
John McDonald. lie is accused of beat
ing John \V. Smith, a sailor under his
command. Smith is now at the Sailors'
Home m this City.
_
INDICTED FOR FORGERY.
Checks Indorsed "OK" by One
Bank and Cashed by
Another.
Police Department Careless and Neg
ligent in the Service of
Summonses.
The Grand Jury yesterday afternoon
filed into Judge Slack's courtroom and re
ported two indictments against J. A. Hull
for forgery. The witnesses heard previous
to the indictment were: J. V. Keeley, a
well-known mining man; George B. War
ren, assistant manager of the Palace Hotel;
Samuel E. Beaver, paying-teller Bank of
California; and Henry G. Hanley, chief
bookkeeper Wells, Fargo & Co.'s Bank.
According to the testimony presented to
the Grand Jury J. A. Hull, who is now
in San Quentin unuer the name of C. G.
Hoyt, but whose present term there will
expire on February 28, did, on January 9,
1895, forge the name of J. V. Keeley to a
check for ?fl3, and on January 16, 189ft,
forged Keeley 's name on a check for
$l'ir> 25. Subsequently at Los Angeles,
under the name of C. G. Hoyt, he com
mitted another forgery, but was caught
before he could leave that region. In due
J. A. Hull, Alias C. G. Iloyt.
[From, c photograph.)
time he was convicted and sentenced to a
term of one year in the penitentiary at
San Quentin.
It came to the knowledge of Mr. Keeley,
whose name had been forged in this City
prior to the Los Angeles forgery, that
Hoyt was no other than the forger, Hull.
In Chicago, as an employe of the Diamond
Match Company, Hull was guilty of some
irregularities, but the company was lenient
with him. instead of prosecuting him
the officers of the Chicago concern gave
him $20 and some good advice about going
to a new country and living down the past.
On that hint Hull acted. Coming West
on the train he met Joseph V. Keeley of
California, and made himself so agreeable
as a traveling companion that Keeley took
a decided liking for him.
In San Francisco the acquaintance begun
on the train ripened into friendship and
ended in felony. Hull in some way man
aged to detach two blank checks from Mr.
Keeley's checkbook prior to the hitter's
departure for the mines in Southern Ne
vada, and, having gone to the ferry to see
his friend away, proceeded to draw on
Keeley's cash reserve in Wells, Fargo &
Co.'s Bank.
The first check, for $93, rau^t have been
sent by Hull to Well?, Fargo iV Co.'s Rank
by a messenger and brought back to the
sender, for it was marked in blue pencil
"0 K, Han ley," indicating that Hanley,
the bookkeeper, had pronounced it cor
rect. Then it was presented to the Bank
of California and cashed, the record show
ing that George B. Warren bad identified
Hull.JJThe testimony before the Grand
Jury was to the effect that Mr. Warren's
id;ntirication went no further than to
state that the person presenting the check
had been introduced to him as Hull.
The next check, for $160" 25, never went
to Wells, Far^o & Co. a Bank for identifi
cation. It appears that Hull himself took
a blue pencil and forged the indorsement,
"O K, Hanley.'' The check was cashed
in the usual manner, and nothing was
thought of the transaction until Mr.
Keeley received a statement of his account
from the bank.
When Hull emerges from the walls of
San Queotin next Wednesday he will rinn
himself confronted by two indictments for
forgery. Experts in penology may not re
gard this a.s tlie best course to pursue in
order to reform an offender, but the Grand
Jury believed that the indictment should
be presented to the court.
The detectives of Wells, Fargo & Co.
will accompany Mr. Kneley to San (Juen
tin, and there they will interview the pris
oner ami recommend that lie plead guilty
and ask for the lightest sentence possible
under the law.
After the indictments were found the
Grand Jury wa,s in a proper frame of mind
to talk to Chief Crowley, and a messenger
was dispatched to the "Police Department
requesting the Chief's presence in the jury
room. It was just as well, perhaps, for
the Chief that he was not in the ollice to
receive the message, as the jury adjourned
without seeing him.
It was disclosed in the proceedings lead
ing to the indictment, that the subpenas
for the witnesses were given to the J'olice
Department last Tuesday, and were then
pigeon-holed. Yesterday morning it was
discovered that not one of the witnesses
had been served, but in response to a re
quest from the District Attorney bv tele
phone Messrs. Warren, Beaver and llanley
reported to the Grand Jury. About this
time Captain Wittman, in the office down
stairs, found the paj>er« in the pigeon-hole
and sent a trusted ofllcer to serve them.
iio intelligently and promptly did this of
licer perform the duty that he had a re
turn statement made by 3 o'clock that the
witnesses George B. Warren of the Palace
Hotel, Samuel E. Beaver of the Bank of
California and Henry G. Hanley of Wells,
Fargo <fc Co.'s B^nlc could not be found in
San Francisco.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 2<J, 1896.
THE CELEBRATION TO-DAY
A Parade by the Junior Order
of United American
Mechanics.
Y. M. I. LITERARY EXERCISES.
An Entertaining and Instructive Pro
gramme by the Knights of
St. Patrick.
Washington's birthday will be generally
observed in this City, principally by a
parade of the Junior Order of United
American Mechanics, and musical and lit
erary exercises by a number of benevolent
societies.
The Junior Order of American Me
chanics, which will begin its procession
from the foot of Market street upon the ar
rival of the Oakland contingent, will be
under the following officers:
H. C. Pohaertzer, president of the day.
Mark McCord, grand marshal.
Mam Lane, chairman executive committee.
Charles W. Baker, secretary executive com
mittee.
W, s. Fenn, treasurer executive committee.
Z. T, Whitten, chief of staff.
Charles F. Church, orderly.
A. D. Ellsworth, R. A. Nelson, Sol Jacobs, G.
Fletcher, G. E. Raudolf and N. H. Kirkham,
aids.
Henry P. Dalton, grand marshal of the Oak
land division.
S. P. Bodwell, W. B. Hodges, E. A. Sherman
Jr., W. M. Gardner, William Higby, aids.
I'alvin Ewing, chairman of the literary com
mittee.
Charles Klein, chairman of the parade com
mittee.
G. F. Fletcher, chairman of the decorative
committee.
W. s. Fenn, chairman of the ways and means
committee.
The parade will extend up Market street
to Ninth, countermarching to Odd Fel
lows' Hall, where the musical and literary
exercises will be held with the following
programme:
Overture, "Hlgoletto" Verdt
Orchestra.
Opening Address President of the Day
■ . .- H. C Schaertzer.
Tenminutes with \\\ H.Barnes
"Life of Washington" Dr. George H. Derrick
Star-Spangled Banner. Francis Scott Key
v Miss Minnie Powell (Soloist).
Ana grand chorus of 100 voices under the direction
■ Of John W. McKenzie Jr.
Oration Orator of the Day
J. Taylor Rogers.
50ng......... "Battle Hymn of the Bepubllc"
Alls* Minnie Powell Audience singchorus).
Recitation ••signing of the Declaration"
Mrs. Clara U. Walker.
Grand Chorus "The .Flag of Liberty"
(Bv request.)
Arranged by J. W. McKeuzie from the "Father of
\ ictory March." ami dedicated to the
.Native Sons.
Grand Chorus "America"
Sung by chorus and audience.
In the evening there will be a grand en
tertainment and reunion ball of the
Daughters of Liberty and Junior Order of
United American Mechanics at Odd Fel
lows' Hall with the following programme:
Overture Orchestra
Legerdemain Professor Hellman
King of Necromancers.
Vocal so!o I>el. B. Bowley
Duet Messrs. Dewey and Kwing
Declamation, "Flag of Freedom "...Fred W. Yager
National characters The Cotton Children
Grand expose of the "Thirty-second Oriental De
gree," by the Oriental Court. Jr. O. {'. A. M. •
Grand l'rince Frank I. Macanley
Vice-Grand Prince :... Charleo Klein
t;rari(i Herald George C. Post
Fire jjemoii G. h. Riddock
Candidate d. C. Klnkead
lirst \\ itch Charles \V. Baker
second Wit<h Henry T. Goedje
ThlrdAVitch j. u-. Souther
Captain of Jansenaries C. F. Church
obi>:ntai, PRINCES.
J. \V. Butler. W.R.Butler, 11. It. Youn«
H. A. Hanson, A. J. Kachus, - K. W. Dodce,
11. \V. Dodge.
Grand march and dancing.
Floor manager \\\ a. Peterson
The Knights of St. Patrick will celebrate
the occasion at Metropolitan Hall in the
evening with an entertainment pro
gramme as follows:
Piano selection with Janko keyboard, bv
HIM Alict' Tisdn.il, an instrument entirely new
to ~mi Praacisoo audiences.
Soprano bolo, "In Seville's Groves," by Miss
Millie Flynn.
•Introduction by the president, Jeremiah
Deasy.
Contralto solo, "Dermot Asthore," by Miss
Julia Sullivan.
"From East to West," an illustrated Wture
by Mrs. llattie B. Steele. This Is a most enter
taining and highly instructive exercise in
which the lecturer takes nor audience from
New York harbor through all the principal
countries and cities of the world, returning
across tue Pacific and home. During the trip
through Ireland, Miss Julia Sullivan will sine
Moore's beautiful "Meeting ot the Waters "
and in Italy at Lake Como, Miss Millie Flynn
will sing ■'Gentle Spirit." On the ocean neap
ing home, (ieorge H. Broderick, late of the
Tivoli Opera Company, will sine ''Rocked in
the Cradle otthe Deep." Miss Julia Hefferuan
will accompany the songs on the piano
The Young Men's Institute will have a
patriotic celebration in Metropolitan Hall
with an appropriate and entertaining pro
gramme.
The following programme will be ren
dered :
Original prelude.. National Airs
Professor R. .1. Harrison.
Remarku. .... President of I he Day
Edward J. Sheehan. 7
Vocal solo "Tue Sword of Bunker Hill"
G. V. Woods.
Recitation.... "Washington"
Raymond Whltakor.
Vocal solo •••••••• "Hail Columbm"
iliss Hose Jiroderirk.
Oration Kev. Arthur M. Clark C S P
Sinprine of "Red, Whit- and Bine" .Audience
Cornet solo "The Palms"
->I. Grnnuan.
Vocal solo ......"The Wtar-spangled Banner"
Miss A. J. Honey.
Singing of "A merica" Audience
The iadies of Central Methodist Episco
pal Church will celebrate Washington's
birthday by giving dinners in the church
to-night frpra 5:30 to 7:30 o'clock, followed
by a patriotic entertainment.
'The California Society of the Sons of the
Revolution will hold an annual meeting
at noon io>day in Pioneer Hall to elect
officers for the ensuing term. In the
evening the society will celebrate the day
with a banquet at the Occidental Hotel at
7 o'clock;. Members are requested to
assemble at 6:30 p. m. Rosettesand badges
will be worn.
Many public halls and places of business
along Market street will be handsomelv
decorated with patriotic colors for the
occasion, notably the Y. M. I. building
corner of Market and Tenth streets; Hale
Bros, and Davis Bros, on Market street
near McAllister.
NO MILITIA PARADE.
People Wonder Why the Soldiers
Are Not to March.
The powers that be have directed that
there shall be no parade of the National
Guard in this City to-day in honor of
Washington's birthday. For the first
time in nearly twenty-five years no orders
have been issued to the brigade.
•In former years there have "either been
parades through the principal streets^ re
views on Van Ness avenue or field ma
neuvers at the Presidio, at all of wh ich
large crowds attended, and have been an
object-lesson to the younger generation.
In 1872 and 1873 no parade of the brigade
was ordered, but "old timers" will remem
ber the splendid parades made bv the "Na
tionals" in their scarlet coats and white
bear skins in observance of the day and
the kind treatment received by them at
the hands of the late S. P. Collins.
That there will be no parade cannot be
for lack of patriotism or because of dis
inclination on the part of the rank and
hie, lor it is well known that upon all oc
casions they nave always been ready to
cheerfully perform any duty imposed
upon them. While many have been apt
to sneer at the National Guard and dub its
members "tin soldiers," still the young
men who comprise it are certainly, entitled
i to credit when upon each holiday they
give up their own enjoyments, parade for
the edification of the public and exhibit
their fealty to the State.
Is the failure to issue the order due to
the present condition of the Guard? Are
the commanding officers fearful that the
parade will be so slim that the public will
naturally inquire into the causes which
have brought the Guard to such a depleted
condition. ,
Governor Budd, as coramander-ir.-chief,
should inquire into this matter, and if, as
is surmised, no parade has been ordered
for fear of the results, a thorough investi
gation should be directed to ascertain
where the fault lies.
That there has been a grave mistake
made this year is apparent, and it is an
innovation that should be more honored
in the breach than in the observance.
WAS NOT MARRIED.
Captain Leei Thinks the Mendocino
Sheriff Is Mistaken in May
Smith's Identity.
Detective Anthony has been looking for
Smith, the associate of the girl recently
murdered in Morton street, to learn
whether he knew anything of a former
husband named Golden. Captain Lees
thinks the quest will be fruitless.
"I know that the girl was not married
unless she was married to Jack Smith,"
said Captain Lees last night. "Smith has
already told me that he was not the girl's
husband. So i think that Mr. Hatch has
made a mistake in thinking the girl was
killed by an ex-husband named Golden.
"Besides, you will notice that he speaks
of the girl as May MacDonald. She was
known as May Smith, and her real name
was May MacDermott. Nobody ever
spoke of tier as MacDonald, for the reason,
I feel sure, that he has got the girl mixed
ud with some one else.
"I can't speak definitely now though,"
he added. "The matter is being investi
gated."
Captain Lees said that no new informa
tion had been discovered by the detectives.
SACRE D HEART COLLEGE
Washington's Birthday Observed
With Songs and Reci
tations.
The Junior Class Presents an Even
ing's Entertainment Before a
Crowded Hall.
Sacrert Heart College, corner of Eddy
and Larkin streets, celebrated Washing
ton's birthday last night by presenting a
very creditable musical and literary enter
tainment, in whicn the Collegian Literary
Society of the class of '97 figured most
prominently.
The assembly hall, enlarged by all the
possibilities of folding doors, was crowded
to the walls by the three Hundred and
more students and their hundreds of en
thusiastic friends. In addition to the sig
nificance of the patriotic observance and
its accompanying expressions of loyalty
to the father of his country the evenine
was noteworthy in the life of the college
for the commendable showing made by
the recently organized orchestra composed
of about litteen pieces.
The junior class, fay whom the perform
ance was arranged, consists of the follow
ing young men: Brother Ulbertain, presi
dent; James P. Monaghan, vice-president;
Frank J. Sullivan, secretary; Owen li!
McMahon, treasurer, and Emil Chambill,
Joseph V. Costello. Daniel Mooney, Henry
Jansiug, Thonihs i'J. Kelly, John Sullivan,
James J. O'Dea. Thomas Hanrahan, John
S. Carrington, Frank Kane. Edward Mal
lon, .Stanislaus K. Kankiu, Herbert D.
Martin.
RABBI VOORSANGER'S LECTURE.
The Public School aa an Instrument of \
Civil Government.
Rabbi Jacob Voorsanger delivered his
lecture on "The Public Schools as an In
strument of Civil Government" to a large
audience in Temple Emanu-El last night.
It was the next to the last of the series '
which have proved so interesting and in
structive to his congregation and others J
during the last few weeks. "Sectarian
Schools in Their Relation to Political So- j
ciety" will form the subject of the final I
lecture of the course to be delivered next
Friday evening.
"The schools," he said, "are the great
leveling instrument of the Government.
Through their influence nationalities give
place to a perfect homogenity.
"The children of foreigners lose their
foreign identity, as the foreign immigrants
themselves become Americans after the
first generation. The public schools are
the concommitant of citizenship. They
are promotive of homogenity, inculcating
love and loyalty for home and country.
"Our public school is the most important
institution of the Government. Invested
as they are with certain privileges by the
constitution they become a grand bulwark
of the Government. The children make
the public schools as much as the schools
make them what they are, and as a moral
mentor their importance and influence
cannot be overrated."
The lecture was listened to with great in
terest and attention.
THE JOYFUL ELKS.
Midnight Reception to Actor Tom
Keene by Golden Gate Lodge.
Thomas Keene was the guest of the Elks
last evening at Alcazar Hall, after his per
formance of Othello at the California
Theater. In honor of hia coming, the hall
was crowded with his friends before 11
o'clock, the time appointed for the cere
mony of reception to begin. He was late
getting in, but was greeted with prolonged
applause.
John O. Reis, exalted ruler of Golden
Gate Lodge, made a brief informal address,
calling Mr. Keene to the chair. The well
known actor Jost no time in idle words
but immediately organized the assembly
for joy. v.
He rushed through the appointment of
a beer committee and hustled the members
to the treasurer's desk in a style that at
once proclaimed his familiarity with the
duties of his ottlcp. His sallies were clever
and quick and brought coin and beer into
rapid circulation. With like felicity he
lined up the talent and set the entertain
ment in motion.
On the list of star performers he had
Leonard Grover, who was down to recite
™i e^°f, igi J\ of th ? Merchant of Venice";
W. T. Carleton, William Carleton C J
Campbell, J. Taylor and Judson C.Briisie
of Sacramento, author of "Hannibal
Howe." More talent was developed after
midnight, and joy reigned supreme
Mr. Keene was one of the' founders of
the Order of Elks in San Francisco and
old-time members always assemble to do
him honor.
Johnny's Suggestion.
Johnny, a bright boy of 6, while beine
dressed for school, observing his little
overcoat much the worse for wear and
having more mended places than he ad
mired, turn«d quickly to his mother and
asked her:
"Ma, is pa rich?"
"Yes, very rich, Johnny. He is worth
two millions and a half."
"What in, ma?"
"Oh, he values you at one million, me at
3 million and the baby at half a million."
Johnny, after thinking a moment, said
"Ma, tell pa to sell the baby and buy us
some clothes."— Spare Moments.
MICHAEL SKELLY IS DEAD.
He Was the Promoter of the
Red Line Omnibuses in
This City.
A PIONEER STREET-CAR MAN.
The Present System of Street Rail.
ways Grew Out of His Mission
and North Beach Road.
Michael Skelly died at bis residence,
1224 Mission street, at 11:20 a. m. yester
day. He had heen in declining health for
some time.
Mr. Skelly was in his seventieth year.
He came to San Francisco from Ire
land as a boy, and always took a foremost
part in the upbuilding of the City. He
landed in San Francisco May 10,1852. His
first venture was in the drayage business.
A year later he bought a lot on Pine
street, near Washington, and erected a
building on it and put in a soda-water
plant. The business was a success from
MICHAEL SKELLY, THE PIONEER OF THE LOCAL STRETCAR SYSTEM.
[FtOm a photograph.]
the start. Later the plant was removed
to Mission street, near Third.
In 1H57 Mr. Skelly entered the railroad
business, for he foresaw great development
in that line. He started the People's or
lied line omnibuses in competition with
the Pioneer line. The route they took was
from Third and Townsend streets to Fol
som, to Second, to Montgomery, to Wash
ington, to Stockton, to tnion, to Powell,
to Meiggs wharf, and the fare was 10 cents.
The Mission line began at the plaza and
ran along Kearny street to Mission and
out to the Mission Dolores; fare 25 cents.
These omnibuses, as old-timers will re
member, were very handsomely built.
They were painted beautifully and the
scenes depicted on the panels, etc., were
done by the best artists. They cost as
high as"s4ooo each. Mr. Skellv did every
thing in lirst-class manner, flis line was
well patronized, and he showed his appre
ciation of it by giving the public the worth
of their money in comfurt, elegance and
good service.
In 1861 came the street-railway proposi
tion and Mr. Skelly at once took the sub
ject ud. He petitioned the Board of Su
pervisor for a franchise for the Omnibus
line, called after the old line. Peter Dona
hue was with him in this and a Mr. Gard
ner. He got his franchise and sold his
rolling stock to the new company. Differ
ences arising, however, he withdrew from
the Omnibus line and joined the North
Beach and Mission, then starting, and he
remained with this line from that early
day all through the vears of its history.
Thus was inaugurated our present system
of street railways.
Mr. Skelly took active part in every
i movement calculated for the good of the
I city. He never was a politician, however,
and would never accept office, although he
often had the opportunity. In war times
I he was a thorough-going Union man, and
| in the different emergencies of the City he
acted the part of a good citizen. Of every
Irish movement at all likely to benefit the
old land of the Irish people here, he was
always a generous promoter. May 17,
1860,*Mr. Sk~eJly was married to Miss Mar
garet A. Regan. Six children were born
to Mr. and Mrs. Skelly, live boys and one
girl.
OUE MONITOES.
They Are Still Among the Best Ships
for Defensive Work.
The announcement that the monitor
Passaic is about to be repaired at the Bos
ton Navy-yard has apparently aroused
some surprise, and has started some
rumors which are not only improbable but
practically impossible of fulfillment. Why
this should be so, and why the mere fact
that the old monitoT is being repaired
should start so many wild tales in the air,
it is hard to see, for the reason that the
proposed repair of the Pussaic is a piece
of naval work which might almost be ex
pected as a matter of course. Certainly it
should not be inferred, as has apparently
been done, that the monitors are no longer
available as modern war vessels of some
importance in naval tactics.
If the rumors which have been set afloat
by the contemplated repairs to the Paesaic
were inspired bv the belief that the mon
itors are unsea worthy, or practically use
less in time of war. it is certainly time that
such a mistake should be corrected. It is
true that European nations have generally
discarded monitors as a typ^ of fighting
vessel, but that fact only shows that Eu
ropean naval constructors are not fully
alive to the advantages of the American
monitor as a coast-defense vessel. A mon
itor may not be an ideal fighting ship from
the standpoint of a great commercial na
tion like England, for example, which has
so large a foreign navy to protect, as the
monitors have not generally made very
high speed records in the past ; but if they
are considered as coast-defense vessels
alone, it can be stated with some positive
ness that few fighting ships of the Euro
pean navies can even compare with an
American monitor, either from the stand
point of effectiveness or from that of safety.
A great deal is being- said at present
about coast defense, and such men as Gen
eral Miles, for example, have recomended
a line of fortifications along the line of the
American coast, costing from 180.000 000
to $90,000,000. This money could be Jar
more advantageously expended in vessels
of the monitor type, which are practically
impregnable, even to the most formidable
steel projectiles fired by the modern rifle
gun. Admiral Jouett of the American
navy, in describing the monitors recently,
said of the Puritan, the typical vessel of
this type in the new navy, that "she is
simply invulnerable to attack and irre
sistible to assault." It has already been
demonstrated that the Puritan in a storm
is even more seaworthy than some of the
most famous fighting ships of the Euro
pean navies.
Yet fighting ships have from 25 to 30
feet of 'freeboard" as a target for hostile
guns, while a monitor has little more than
2}.2 feet where sliot may strike the hull.
In other words there is practically no
place except the turret of a monitor that
be struck by a shot during an engagement,
while the average fighting vessel of tne
European navy is compelled to expose at
least 25 feet of the hull, however protected
by armor to the dangerous crasli of hos
tile missiles. Other arguments in favor
of the monitor type are that such vessels
can be repaired, and can even be built, in
a much shorter time than would be re
quired for similar operations on regular
fighting ships, like those of the European
navies. It is said that a monitor can
easiiy be built in two years if the armor is
constructed under special contract.
The v«ry shape of the monitor allows it
to carry much heavier armor to cover the
exposed surface than can be conveniently
worn by the average righting ship of the
European type. Op. the other hand, the
draught of the monitor is far less than that
of the European fighting ship, so that the
American vessel can go where the fighting
ship of the European type may not ven
ture, because of shallow waters. The
United States navy has a few vessels of
the European type of fighting ship, it being
necessary to provide for a high speed in a
few fighting ships. The vessels of the
Oregon or of the Indiana class are expected !
to conduct aggressive rather than defen
sive operations; and for this purpose they •
were so built that they could be operated
at a high rate of speed for a battle-ship.
These vessels, however, are said to be no
more seaworthy than such a vessel as the
Puritan, and even the tremendous Indiana i
can receive no harder knocks and admin
ister few more dangerous attacks than the
Puritan can give or take. Because the
monitors were used in a war about twenty
five years ago the European naval critics
have apparently gained the idea that such
vessels are now really useless; and this
idea seems to have spread to many people
who are not naval critics. Yet t£e fact re
mains that some of the shrewdest officers i
of the American navy believe that as a ves
sel for coast defense there is no type of
fighting ship in existence to-day which
can rank as high as a modern monitor like
the Puritan. — Boston Advertiser.
Metalu Made From Alloys.
Bath metal is made from tin and copper.
Bell metal results from zinc and copper.
Bronze is the product of copper and tin.
Britannia ware is made from copper, bis
muth and antimony.
Cannon metal is formed of copper and
tin.
Dutch gold is made from copper and
zinc.
German silrer is composed of zinc,
nickel, copper and a small portion of iron.
Standard gold is made from gold and
copper.
Mosaic gold is a combination of copper
and zinc.
Pewter is made from lead and tin.
Sheet metal is composed of lead and a
small quantity of arsenic.
Standard silver is made from silver and
copper.
Solder from tin and lead.
Type metal the combination of antimony
and lead.
White metal is made of copper and ar
senic. — Hardware.
The name of bridegroom was formerly
given to the newly married man because
it was customary for him to wait at table
on the bride and friends on his wedding
clay.
NEW TO-DAY.
LL T^fc Jl I — 1
»: Tetter mm
; t .• .
Our 12th "Red Letter Day" sale of Furniture com-
mences Monday, February 24th.
Most people know how much this means. Do you?
We like these sales — like to see new faces in the
store, meet new people, make new friends and new
customers— fast friends — steady customers. That's what
we have "Red Letter Days" for.
.fe|p^|!}j r . Carpets . Rugs . Mattings ''Sf^P'^ffi
fe^feij , CALIFORNIA f^jfj * A
Jj^3g§b FURNITURE COMPANY . . |^j|l
CN. P. Cole et Co.) #/! - IKI (
.»■»; im^ %i> > »7-'2> uear y Street. -^Sl^^^P^
LAST OF THE POOLROOMS.
Judge Wallace Sustained the Im
portant Decision Against
Them.
DRISCOLL'S CONVICTION STANDS.
Bets Cannot Be Made Except at the
Track Where the Races Are
Run.
The finishing touch to the wallow of
trouble in which the poolrooms have been
floundering was added by Judge Wallace
yesterday. The latter affirmed the de
cision of the Police Court, and in a short
opinion sustained the contention that the
betting in the poolroom* was in no way
betting within the law; that the money so
bet was never taken out to the track, but
was handled in the poolrooms only.
As a result of the decision the poolrooms
are closed. Their business has been most
precarious of late, anyway, and now they
have no excuse for existence.
The case decided was that against Jerry
Driscoll. He wa3 arrested for violating
order No. 23*51, which is the one forbidding
bets upon horseraces except at the track.
Driscoll was tried bpfore Judge Joachim
sen, John T. Dare prosecuting, and his
conviction speedily followed. The evi
dence was such as to bring the validity of
the ordinance directly in question, and
Driscoll's conviction was a triumph of the
order No. 23(31. The case was appealed to
the Superior Court, and before Judge Wal
lace it met a similar fate.
A second case, that of (ieorge W. < livens,
was aiso passed upon, but in that charge
the complaint had been defective, and so
the judgment of the lower court was re
versed. The complaint did not allege
facts sufficient to sustain the charges
made. The opinion rendered in theliivena
case was as follows:
Givens was convicted below of a violation of
order No. 2361, prohibiting betting upon a
horserace outside of the tract where the race
was to be run. He was arrested upon a sworn
complaint, which, however, does not substan
tially allege that he had violated the order.
Supposing "John Doe" mentioned in the com
plaint to be the defendant George D. oivt.ii>,
it is not alleged, even in substance, in tho
complaint that he was a party to auy bet made
on a horserace.
If a prosecution for perjury committed in
swearing to the complaint were attempted it
must necessarily fall, because tiie complaint
does not charge that thai or any other offense
whatever was committed by '-John Doe," or by
livens, or by any one else. Judgment re
versed.
The opinion of the court was as follows:
Driscoll was couvietea in the Police Court of
a violation of order No. 2361 of the I'oard of
Supervisors, whlcn prohibits the making of
wagers upon horserace-j unless made within
the inelosure of the race track where the race
is to be run, and from the judgment of convic
tion this appeal is taken. This order No. '2'Ml
was under consideration here on a former oc
casion in the .case of Isidor Messinger, who
had been convicted of its violation, and the
judgment was reversed here, because it ap
peared by the record in that case Unit the bet
there made upon the horserace was in fact
made at the track and not elsewhere. The
record in that case showed that Mensinger hart
received here in the City money to be hereafter
betted at the track, and that the identical
money so received by him had been act mill y
carried to the track and wagered there. Of
course such a transaction as that was not a
violation oi the order No. 2:ft>l, which had not
undertaken to forbid the mere transmission of
money to the racetrack with directions to
wager it there.
But in this case of Driscoll no such fact ap
petirs. The money wagered was deposited at
the defendant's poolroom, 20 Leidesdorff
street, outside the racetrack, just previous to
the horses going to the post; the money de
posited was not sent to the racetrack at all,
nor betted there; the horse selected proving to
be a winner the depositor of the money re
ceived payment of nis bet at the poolroom
within eighteen minutes after his. deposit had
been made there.
Driseoll offered no evidence, and the court
below, upon the evidence oi the people, heid
that the so-called deposit made at the pool
room was a mere sham ; that the real transac
tion amounted to a bet then presently made at
the poolroom. In view of all the circiimetances
the ruling was correct, and the judgment is,
therefore, affirmed.
Killing Weeds by Electricity.
The latest method of killing weeds is by
electricity. Profes>or Woodworth, of
Michigan Agricultural College, has been
iuakins experiments which sliow that the
new method is both cheap and effective.
A wheelbarrow or wagon is loaded with
storage batteries from which long wires
trail along the ground. The wagon is then
taken over the land to De cleared and wher
ever the wires touch a weed it is instantly
killed clear down to the roots. The pro
fessor claims lhat electricity is preferable
to almost anything else for destroying the
dreaded Russian and Canadian" thistle.
These hardy pests resist most weed-kilJing
compounds, because the roots are not de
stroyed and the plants spring up :i_ani
with renewed vigor. The electric current,
however, runs down to the. lowest root and
destroys it. A drawback to the scheme is
the initial cost of the batteries and appar
atus, but in the long run it pays for itself.
Colonel C. A. Lincoin, a poor farmer of
Cowley County, Kans., and said to be a
cousin of Abraham Lincoln, has suddenly
become a Populist leader. He has made
dates for 100 meetings in schcolhouses in
Bourbon County. He assumes the com
monplace characteristics of "Old Abe,"
and drives a little bay mare, which, he
says, he has driven three times across the
continent, making a total of 35,000 miles.
910
THE FIELD OF SPORT.
What the Cyclists and Other
Athletes Are Doing.
According to the many sporting events
that are slated for to-uay, the lovers of out
door amusements can select from a varied
programme, which includes a 25-mile road
race over the San Lea ndro road, a cours
ing meeting at Newark, a regatta on Lake
Merritt, a football game at Central Park,
handball contests in the Howard-street
courts. ritle-shootinc at Shell Mound and
Pan Rafael ranees and a trap-shooting
tournament at Aiameda Point.
THE WHEELMEN.
The Association Road Race To-Day.
Officials of the Indoor
M«et.
The annual twenty-five mile handicap
road race of the California Associated Cy
Id Wilberg, 1. -V Bent and K. S.Allen, the House Committee of the California
Cycling Club.
cling Clubs, to be held over the San Lean
dro triangle this morning, will attract
most of t he wheelmen from this City, AJa
meda and Santa Clara counties. Large
delegations are also coming down from
Banta Rosa and I'etaluma to witness tne
event, as there are several men irom those
places entered in it.
The race is scheduled to start at 9:50
o'clock, so thai the scratch men may get
away promptly at 10. Riders and specta
tors from th!s City will therefore have to
take ttie 8 o'clock broadgauge boat and
local train to Fruitvale. There is a good
road from there to San Leandro, a ride of
about live miles, ajid the electric-cars are
available for those without wheels.
The entrants and their handicaps have
already appeared in t:.e papers, and the
list of officials was published exclusively in
The Call yesterday The prize list.apar
ticularly valuable one for a road race, is as
follows:
For first time, cold Swiss split-second watch;
second time, ur^ei diamond.
The place prizes are: First, gold watch; sec
ond, unset diamond: third, overcoat; fourth,
diamond stud ; fifth, diamond locket: sixth, sev
enth and eighth, pair of tires each ; ninth, one
dozen Paris panels; tenth, bicyle lamp; elev
enth, hat; twelfth, sweater; thirteenth, racing
euit; fourteenth, pair bicycle shoes; fifteenth,
year's membership in the League of American
wheelmen; sixteenth and seventeenth, cy
clometers. There is also a special club trophy
donated l>y the Olympic and a conditional
prize of a £"100 gold brick if the winner rides a
certain make of tires.
Those inevitable adjuncts to the prize
list of a road race — sweater, racing suit,
pair bicycle snoes and cyclometer, without
which no race would be complete — are not
missing. Altogether the arrangements
for the event are perfect, and much credit
attaches to the road racing and records
committee of the association, which is
composed of George H. Stratton, O. C. W.,
chairman; Henry F. Wynne, C. C. C, and
John S. Egan, I.'C. C.
Charles S. Wells and Harry F. Terrill of
the Bay City Wheelmen arrived here by
steamer from San Diego yesterday morn
ing. Wells has been trying for records at
Coronada, but when the league abolished
class B he gave it up, as he did not want to
be put in the professional class, which
would have been tne result. Terriil has
been traveling through the East for pleas
ure, and came home via San Dieeo to visit
his brother, W. A. Terrill, who is Wells'
team mate. The latter remained there,
but will not ride for the present until he
decides what class he wants to enter. In
fact all riding is stopped at that point, as
the men want to know what the Eastern
flyers will do. and do not want to impair
their amateur standings. Harry Terrill
raced at New Orleans and the Atlanta Ex
position while away, and «ron every event
in which he started. He will be a promi
nent figure on the path in this State dur
ing the corning season.
The wonderful Fowler sextuplet will
race the Empire State express in New York
State on April 23 next. This machine is
a wonderful contrivance and can be briefly
described as follows: Length over all, 1 ;">'<;
inches; wheel base, 123 inches; weight,
I37}i pounds; diameter of wheels, 30
incnes; diameter of tires (largest ever
made), 2% inches; there are four driving
sprockets of i!8. 23, 14 and !> teeth; to cal
cuiaie the near multiply the product (Hl4)
of the two large sprockets by" diameter of
Wheel (30 inches), result, 19,:-J2O; divide
this by product (126) 0f two smaller sprock
ets, which gives the gear, 153, It is tue
largest "wheel" In the world.
Ihe wheel upon which Champion Zim
merman raced while in Australia will be
exhibited at the Pavilion cycle show next
month, Mr. Zimmerman having kindly
left it here for that purpose.
Charles A. WikideJ, manager of the in
door tournament to be held at the Me
chanics' Pavilion next month, haa new
entry blanks printed last Wednesday to
conform to the various changes made in
the racing rules at the' annual meeting of
the League of American Wheelmen, as
sJated in The Cam, upon that day, and
they have been sent out to the various
clubs. It seems now, however, that they
will have to be revised again, as the latest
advices from the P^ast indicate that the
league will not sanction Sunday racing
under an >.' circumstance?. Riders in fill
ing out the blanks will therefore not enter
their names for anv of the events sched
uled for Sunday, March 8. The entries
close Saturday. February 29. There will
be no professional events at all, the meet
being purely amateur. AH class A and
class B men of last year are included in
this term, providing they are not receiving
remuneration or training expenses for
riding.
A list of officials for the indoor races has
been prepared as follows:
Referees— Sanford Phimmer, B. C. W. ; Al G.
Col, G. C. C; R. M. Welch, B. C. W. ; R. M.
Thompson, Fresno.
Judges— H. H. White, O. C. W. ; F. H. Kerri-
Ran, B. <'. W. ; L. 1). Owens, O. C. W. ; W. P.
Sheldon, B. C. W.; George F. Noeoe, Acmr F.
H. Dunne, B. C. W.; V. A. Dodd, Alameda' 11.
P. Howard, li. C. W.
Timers— George P. Wetmore, B. C. W. ; George
H. Station, (i.e. W. ; George H. Strong, R. A.
<-.; George W. I'ollard, G. C. C; Henr*- K.
Wynne, C. C t'.; Ed W. Rndke, Santa Cruz;
J. Kitchen Jr., Acme; F. A. Wickershnm, Peta
lurna.
Scorers— A. C. Thornton, O. C. W.; C.A.El
liot, B. C. W. ; S. G. Scovern, O. C. W.; F. E.
Mannel, G. V. C.
linpires —W. H. Tooker, I. C. C. ; John
Burke. C. C. C; James M. Hamilton. B. C. W.;
Fred R. Butz, O. C; H. D. Hadenteldt, O. C. W.
Starter, Walter B. Fawcett; assistant, C. F.
Gain«-s, Alameila.
Clezk of course, W. L. Geldert.
Announcer, Wilbur F. Knapp.
The Pacific Cycling Club i* now off on a
pleasant outing, which commenced last
evening, when the members rode to San
Jose. To-day they will visit Mount Ham
ilton and Alum Rock, and return to-mor
row via Los Gatos.
R. M. Welch, representative of the Na
tional racing board, has issued his bulletin
No. 2, dated February 20, 18!*>, as follows:
S&nrtiofts granted— February '22, Southern
California Intercolleginte Association, Los
Angeles; February 22, Company 11, N. <;. <'
Ventura; February 22, Centaur Cycling Club,
Santa Maria; March 5, G, 7, 9. 10, 11, indoor
bicycle tournament, San Francisco.
By recent action of the National Assem
bly L. A. W., class B has been abolished,
and all riders of that class restored to
their previous condition as amateurs. To
avail themselves of such general reinstate
ment, riders in the employ of manufactur
ers for racing or record-breaking purposes
must at once terminate such employment.
The acts that have heretofore caused the
transfer of riders to class B will in future
constitute them professionals. Amateurs
may continue to ride at any distance from
tner homes, within the boundaries of
their respective States.
The final bulletin of the National Racing
Board, just issued by Chairman Gideon,
has the following oi interest to Califor
nians:
At the meeting of the racing board on
February 10, at Baltimore, \V. \v. Hamilton's
record for the unpaced mile of 2:00 'J-5, paced
to the tape by a temiem, was rejected.
A. W. Cleaver of Los Angeles was reinstated
in amateur class.
Casey Castleman of Los Angeles declared
professional.
Suspension placed upon Charles M. Murphy
raised.
The Alameda Cyclers will have a run to
morrow to Haywards, leaving the club at
9 o'clock. The club will have some speedy
riders entered in the pavilion tournament
next month. W. Pratt has shown great
speed and endurance in training, and is
looked to as a coming flier.
Captain Pixley has called a run of the
San Francisco Road Club for to-day to
witness the road race at San Leandro,
leaving on the 7:30 boat. After the race
the club will proceed on to San Jose,
returning to-morrow. The applications of
nineteen of the club members were sent on
to the League of American Wheelmen yes
terday.
Fred W. Leadbetter, treasurer of the Ore
gon Road Club, Portland, who was a prom
nent rider under the Bay City's colors five
years ago, is in the City on a visit.
The California Cycling Club will have a
run under Lieutenant Egeben: to witness
the road race. A try-out to select men
for the club's relay team will be held
March 15.
The Imperial Cycling Club now claims a
membership of 214. a large percentage of
whom have joined the League of American
Wheelmen. The members say there is no
truth in the report published that their
best rider, Frank M. Byrne, has joined the
Reliance Club of Oakland. He will con
tinue in ride under the colors of the Im
perial# To-day the members will ride
over to San Leandro to witness the road
race. Next Friday evening they will have
a moonlight run to the park.
Captain A. Bearwald and a number of
the members of the Crescent Road Club
left by boat for Stockton last night and
will return awheel to-day and to-morrow.
The balance of the club will attend the
road race to-day. The last regular meet
ing at the clubrooms. 811 Octavia street,
was enlivened by a social entertainment,
which the members thoroughly enjoyed.
Ed Wilberg, F. N. Bent and R. S. Allen
constitute the house committee of the
California Cycling Club, and no club ever
had three more earnest workers for the
comfort and convenience of its members.
The Californias are pleasantly situated at
the corner of Twenty -second and Folsoni
streets, with large parlors ana billiard
room, and an extensive gymnasium, well
supplied with all necessary apparatus, ad
joining. The members hope that the
owner of the property will soon erect a
line brick building on the lot for the club's
especial use, and the house committee is
now actively at work to that end.
The public good-roads meeting of the
wheeling clubs and various other organiza
tions interested in good roads and streets
in this County will be held atOdd.Fellows'
Hall Tuesday evening, March 3. A large
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 22. 1W96.
and enthusiastic meeting is expected and
much good should come of the work.
The L. A. W. visiting committee called
upon the Olympic cyclers last night, and
next Wednesday evening will go over to
the Keliance Club wheelmen of Oakland.
J. L. Fry of the California Cycling Club
secured "twenty-one members for the league
one day last week. The league member
ship is increasing at the rate of about fifty
members a week. Bpaldixg.
THE ANGLERS.
Commissioners Who Favor the
Planting of Yearling Fishes.
"With the exception of a few large fish
whicn were taken at Point Reyes last Sun
day there is little to chronicle of interest
to midwinter anglers.
Charley Cate lost two large fish because
he used poor tactile. Cate, after disposing
of several yards of rotten line, tried his
luck in spoon casting and landed two
beautiful lish. Al Smith iost a fish, also,
because of inferior tackle. Frank Dolli
ver surprised his friends by appearing on
trie banks of the creek with an eight-ounce
greenhart rod. He hooked a fish and for
gettinc that he had left his club at the ho
tel he struck savagely and smashed his rod
near the middle joint.
"I will make that rish sick when we
meet again," said Doliiver to a compan
ion, as he departed for the hotel where his
3 Jo-pound whale rod was resting at ease.
Half an hour later Dolliver, who is possi
bly better known to the fraternity as Pro
fessor Leatherback, made his appearance
and baited up for steelheads in tlie usual
manner.
He did not have long to wait for a tin
that something lively was at the end of hi's
line, and grasping the club he struck more
savagely than before, and actually raised
the lisa clean out of the water. The deni
zen of the deep hud no possible chance for
escape.
According to "Doc" Watts' Scottish
timekeeper, the fish was landed on terra
rirma s}-j seconds after being hooked.
Dolliver said that it was a gamesteelhead,
and that he could not remember when he
had such a long fight with a fresh-water
salmon.
It is said "Doc" Watt has hit upon a
new idea in the way of spoon-making, and
that the new spinner will prove a terror to
large and small fish alike.
In the center of the spoon or spinner is
a magnet which will attract all kinds of
things. The "Doc" was Riving the new
lure a wetting last Snndav, and he had
not taken more than two casts when he
hooked a two-pound trout, but his sur
prise can be imagined when a ten-pound
salmon dashed from under a sunken log
and grabbed up the trout.
"The magnet could be plainly seen
shining within the fish,' said the "Doc,"
"and I was having the grandest sport
imaginable, when a big black hoe that
was feeding on the bank near by espied
the brilliant thin/, and before I could
make up my mind what was best for me to
do in the premises, the porker plunged
into the river and gobbled up the salmon.
Of course, that cleaned me out, but I would
just give $5 to know what has become of
that darned hog. Possibly Al Hall has
chewed him up by this time."
It is said that John Gallagher is enjoying
good fishing at San Gregorio. The sport
ing editor received a letter from Sonoma
yesterday which states that the day fol
lowing a recent visit of a Deputy "Fish
Commissioner to the Sonoma Creek two
men returned from Glen Ellen on the train
with two baskets of trout.
The Gualala Fishing Club, A. Stephens
secretary, will hold its annual outing to
dav at Point Bonita. All rockcod, razor
back turtle and softshell crab fishermen
are invited to the clambake on the bench.
The first annual report of the Fish and
Game Commissioners of the State of New
York has been issued. The report is
mainly devoted to the fisheries. In fact, if
there is any criticism to be made, it is the
almost total ignoring of the game interests
of the State, which leaves an impression
that the commission and its aids are rich
in wisdom in relation to the fisheries, but
remarkably deficient in a knowledge of our
game.
The pollution of streams is very ably
treated. It is stated that the prese'nt law
on this subject is almost inoperative. It
is claimed by some that sawdust and
refuse from mills will not injure adult fish,
and the food for young and adult fish are
destroyed by this cause. Some valuable
suggestions are made for the utilizing of
refuse matter.
It is gratifying, say* an exchange, to
note the able manner in which the com
mission has met the absurd charge which
has sometimes been made by those ignor
ant of the subject that fish culture is more
for propagating game fishes for the few at
the expense of many. The commission
says: "The angler and the commercial
fisherman both have their rights, which
we are bound to respect, but our efforts
are directed entirely to the propagation of
food fishes."
The policy of the commission in regard
to the planting of fish is unmistakably pro
claimed. It has no confidence in the
planting of fry, and includes in the report
the opinions of many eminent authorities
on this subject. It favors the planting of
yearlings only.
THE OARSMEN.
Regatta on Lake Merrltt— Scullers
Who Will Bend Oar3.
All things are in readiness for to-day's
reeatta on Lake Merritt in Oakland.
The local boat clubs sent, their race boats
over yesterday, and the oarsmen who are
to participate in the races are said ro be in
line fettle.
The prizes are as follows: First prize,
four -oared barge, gold filled Waltham
watches. Single scull, first prize, gold
filled Waltham watch; second prize, {.old
watch chain. Outrigger-skiff race, first
prize, water-pitcher stand and gold-lined
cups; second prize, gold collar buttons.
Although the regatta funds were consid
erably diminished Mr. Pembroke succeeded
in collecting money enough on the outside
to get up handsome and valuable prizes.
It was also through his efforts that the
Stockton people became interested in row
ing regattas, and also that the Sacramento
regatta on September 9 took place.
The Ariel club will not enter a four-oared
crew in the races to-day, owing to the ill
ness of Bob Elliss, their stroke.
The Pacific Athletic Association, at a
recent meeting, did not sanction the race
between the Columbia and University
Boat Clubs, but as the South End crew
failed to get a competitor from any of the
local boat clubs, a race has been arranged
between it and the University crew. The
University crew are said to be "cracker
jacks," and as it has been the long
cherished wish of the South End crew to
meet a University crew, the race should
prove very interesting.
There is considerable betting being done
on the single scull race, in which Frank
Duplissea, William McCausland and S. J.
Pembroke are entered.
The betting seema to favor McCausland,
DOG AND GUN.
Glenbeleh Jr. Is Now Owned by a
Member of the Country Club.
The Lincoln Gun Club will hold its first
shoot of the season to-day at Alameda
Point. It will be an open-to-ali turna
ment, and as there are many prizes and
many events on the programme, the pros
pects for a tirst-class day's sport at the
traps are excellent. The shoot will com
mence with ten singles, known traps and
known angles, after which will come one
20-bird and three 15-bird contests, at un
known angles. On Sunday there will be
team shooting in conjunction with a num
ber of class shooting events.
The Olympic Gun Club will open the
season of pigeon shooting at the Oakland
track on March 3. At a recent meeting of
the directors the members who averaeed
80 per cent in the past year were consigned
to the champion class; those who made
from (JO to 80 per cent will be placed in the
"first class, and the second class will be
composed of members who made 60 per
cent or less. The officers elected for the
ensuing year are; Vice-chairman, Dr. C.
W. Hebbard; secretary-treasurer. H. Jus
tins; executive committee, J. S. Fanning,
C A. Haijrht and W. J. Golcher. Dele
gates to the Board of Governors of the Cal
ifornia Inanimate Target Association are
H. H. White, M. C. Allen, H. C. Golcher
and P. B. Bekeart.
The California Wing Club will hold its
nrst live-bird shoot of the season at the
Oakland track on the first Sunday in
March. The Electric Gun Club will hold
a shoot on March 1 at Oakland track.
George Crocker, a prominent sportsman,
who has purchased many valuable dogs,
will soon leave for the East. He proposes
to make his future residence in New York.
Mr. Crocker has disposed of several good
dogs recently, but he proposes to have a
Kennel somewhere in the "East under the
management of his favorite trainer and
handler, Waddell. Among the fotir dogs
that Mr. Crocker will have shipped to his
Eastern kennel is Rods Chaff, a iavorite of
the well-known capitalist and sportsman.
Alexander Hamilton of the Country
Uub recently purchased the pointer Glen
beigh Jr., which dog won second prize at
the i.akersheld trials in the all-atred stake.
The price paid was $250. which is consid
ered very cheap by sportsmen wtio have
seen the dog perform. Glenbeigh Jr. will
prove of much value to his present owner,
who loves to shoot over a well-trained
canine.
The breeders of this City and Oakland
are very well pleased to know that two
judges will pass judgment on the does
that will be exhibited in Oakland and San
b rancisco this year. An animal that will
capture blue ribbons at both shows will
certainly be entitled to the good opinion
of sportsmen who take pride in good dog
flesh.
THE RIFLE.
What Phllo Jacoby Says of the Old
Style of Shooting.
Lovers of rifle-shooting will be present
in large numbers to-morrow at the ranges
in Schuetzen Park and San Rafael. Ac
cording to some of the New York sporting
journals rest shooting, so called, is having
a boom throughout the East. Some of
New York's veteran off hand shooters nave
been making extraordinary scores at this
style of snooting. This is what Shooting
and Fishing, a paper which gives much
space and attention to rille-shooting, says
on the subject:
That it will become popular in San Fran
cisco there is no doubt, as at the first meeting
of the California Schuetzen Club in rest
matches entries were numerous and scores
high. The veteran Philo Jacoby said of it:
•'Tnere is much to say for and against this j
style of shooting. Although personally I am'
averse to it, there can surely be said in favor!
of rest, shooting that it equalizes more the
chances of the marksmen to make higher
scores than in offhand shooting. Anyway,
there can be no harm in trying, especially as!
men will enter competitions who will not do j
so in an oft'hand match. X have often heard ;
Ihe expression, 'Any one can shoot at rest,' <
but this is not the case. It takes as much !
mental if not physical work to shoot well at
rest as it does in offhand shooting."
An authority on rifle shooting, writes as
follows :
Speaking of the muzzle rest recalls to my
mind the tact that there is quite a sentiment
among many of our local riflemen for this
style of shooting. Ii is a fact that only a few
of the many who take up rifle-shooting ever
succeed in becoming good offhand shots. As a
consequence, discouragement follows, and
many men give up the sport who would not do
so if there were a group in the various clubs
with whom they were affiliated who indulged
in rest shooting. There are many things in
connection with target shooting that, to my
mind, are best anil most intelligently im
pressed upon one's memory through the aid of
the muzzle rest thau by any other source, and
I have often thought that many an acquaint
ance who was a good, steftdy holder would
have made much more of an expert in offhand
work had he given a little more attention to
principles that are best taught by the bench
rest. It is the lay shooter wno bel'ievas that it
is a soft snap to shoot from the rest. Those
who have given it a little attention know
otherwise.
THE BOXERS.
Corbott and Fltzsimmons to Have
a Chance to Fight in England.
The National Athletic Club will, in all
probability, match Peppers and Billy Gal
lagher for an eight-round contest at the
| Auditorium in March. If Gallagher, who j
is at present in Los Angeles, will refuse to '
j meet the colored middle-weight, the latter |
| says he will have no objection to a contest j
! with Sharkey. Peppers has confidence in j
■his ability to "stand off" Sharkey for!
I eight rounds, and there arc many follow- i
| ers of the punching game who strongly j
believe that "the not stuff" turfman and j
pugilist can handsomely dispose of the j
j champion of the seas in a limited contest.
I which is decided on points.
When Peppers is in good condition and
I out to win" there are not many of ibe i
| heavy-weight pugilists who can safelv |
) count upon putting him to sleep. In fact,
he is very liable to reverse things in i
general.
Well, Fitzsimmons has settled Maher in i
very quick order. The news of the fight !
i and how it resulted was not a surprise, as !
j everybody, with the exception of tlie !
I cranks on s'.oggers, expected to hear of \
Maher's defeat It is to be hoped that :
Fitzsimmons and Corbe; twill now agree ;
to meet in England, where they will have '■
an opportunity of deciding that old j
question — who is the better kimi ? :
T: ey cannot expect protection in this
country, as every Governor in America '
is opposed to boxing, and. according I
to Billy Jordan, the famous master !
of ceremonies, if England was to declare j
war against America, the Governor? of the !
different States would protest against the |
contest being held on the soil over which j
they rule, in that case the only hope ]
America would have of whipping England !
would be in a naval battle, where the j
I Governors would have no jurisdiction or !
] power of interference.
In England Corbett and Fitz can engage i
in a ristic dispute under the auspices of j
one of tiie leading sporting organizations,
and they will be given a fair iield and no
favor. Both men in first-class condition,
Fitzsimmons wiU lind that Corbett is thor
oughly entitled to that distinction which !
he has enjoyed, and that is, champion of j
the world and also the most active and
clever heavy-weight pugilist who has ever
stepped between ropes.
COURSING.
Does That Will Run at Ocean View
and Newark Parks.
The result of the drawing for Sunday's
coursing meeting at Ocean View Park
was as follows:
If. Shields' Regent vs. J. Bradnhaw's May
Belle; J. 3. Edmunds' Unknown vs. F. Brown's
Kilmore; W. I). Murphy's Lord Clifton vs. T.
Nnnan's Yrclta; P. Brophy's Jumbo vs. J. J. Ed
munds' Vida Shaw; C. fevans' Dashaway vs.
A. Merrill's Snow Bir.l; villa kennel's Tempest
vs. J. J. Larkey'B Spinaway; ,1. .1. Edmunds'
Valley Queen vs. J. Sexsmith's Mission Boy;
D. Leonard's Will o' the Wisp vs. Villa kennel's
Electric.
The Interstate Coursing Club will hold
its first meeting to-day at Newark Park.
HANDBALL.
Olympic Players Will Hold a Busl-
ness Meeting: on Monday.
The handball players of the Olympic
Club will meet on Monday evening and
not on Tuesday evening, as reported, to
decide upon the much-taiked-of question
of a new court. No doubt the meeting
will be enthusiastic, as considerable in
terest has been manifested in the pro
posed erection of a first-class alley where
the hard ball can be used as well as the
soft ball.
To-morrow there will be games played
at Phil Ryan's court, which any lover of
the good old Irish sport should not fail to
see. The athletic bill of fare reads:
R. Murphy and M. Edwards to play J. Collins
and J. White; Thomas Ryan and G. Ward to
play J. Brown and P. Barry ; J. Nelson and I).
Connolly to play P. Kelly "and J. SUttery ; J.
Sweeney and M. Callaha ) to play F. Maloney
and W. Sullivan, p. Donnelly, the amateur
champion, and G. Hutcliinson to play J. Law
less and Al Pennoyer; J. C Nealon and M. J.
Killgallon, the Denver champion, to plav J.
Harlow. the Coast champion, and J. Riordon.
The Union handball court managers nave
arranged a good programme also lor to-mor
row afternoon.
POINTS ON CITY MONEY
Three Interesting Suits Decided
by the Supreme
Court.
WEAVER GIVEN A SHADOW.
I A Judgment Which Must Be Cashed in
a Fund Where There Is No
Money.
Three decisions were handed down by
the Supreme Court yesterday, each having
points of close relation, and all bearing
upon the question of municipal finances.
In the case of the City and County
against Broaerick, an action to prevent
him from auditing election demands for
1891, which ran over the estimate of $150,
--000, the judgment was affirmed; the iudg
ment affirmed was that the Auditor could
not be restrained. In the second case, a
similar suit against the Treasurer to re
strain him from paying the demands after
they were audited, a similar decision was
also affirmed. In the third case, one
brought by C. O. Weaver, one of the City's
creditors, to recover his money, the judg
ment refusing him satisfaction was re-
I versed and he was aliowed judgment
| against the City.
In the Broderick suit, he stepped forward
as soon as the audited claims for the elec
j tion reached the limit of $150,000, which
j the Supervisors had set. The actual
i amount ran $40,000 over this, but an at-
I tempt was made to stop the auditing of
any more warrants. In affirming the de
i cision which allowed the Auditor to pro
ceed, the Supreme Court says:
The estimate which the Board of Supervisors
Is directed to make oi the necessities of the
I several funds as the basis of the tax which
they will levy, is not a conclusive determina
tion of the amount that may be expended by
, these several necessities, and although the
; Uilure to levy a tax which shall raise a sulli
| cient amount of money for these needs will
j prevent the expenditures, yet if the money has
! been collected and is in the treasury, applica
' ble thereto, its expenditure or disbursement is
' not limited by the amount of the estimate. In
; this present case the Board of Supervisors was
; required to estimate the expenses thnt would
be incurred at the general election for the year
18!H, and in the exercise of its judgiiujnt
i deemed it necessary to provide the sunf of
! $100,000 therefor. As the incurring of these
expenses was not under its control, it would
not be competent for that body to determine
the amount that would be expended, and its
! estimate would be at the most only an approx
i iuiate opinion of the amount of the expense;
nor does the feet that its t stircate was too low
deprive the holders of claims for the excess
above this estimate of the right to payment so
I l<»ug as there is any money in the treasury ap-
I plicable thereto.
The duties of the defendant are denned bv
I the consolidation act and other statutes, and
it is not competent for the Bo ar <l of Super-
I visors by any ordinance or resolution to re
i strict him in the otfiue or to absolve him from
I the performance ot his duties. If a demand
; upon the treasury has been approved and
i ordered paid by the proper board or officer,
: and is presented to him in proper form, and
I he has satisfied himself that the money is
; legally due and remains unpaid, and that pay
j nient thereof from the treasury i.» authorized
i fay law.it becomes his duty to audit the de
j niand, and the holder of the demand has a
i right to the enforcement of this duty. He is
cot justified in showing any favoritism by
auditing the claim of one person In preference
to that of another upon the theory that there
may not be sufficient money in the treasury to
meet all demands upon it, and, as the appellant
herein can in law have no choice as to which
of its creditors shall first be paid, it cannot
restrain the defendant from auditing demands
against the < " i ty which have been properly al
lowed and ordered paid.
Upon the opinions given in the Brode-
I rick case the court affirmed the decision
|in the case against the Treasurer. The
i third case, however, is a peculiar one.
The Supreme Court offered a shadow to
; the plaintiff in the suit. C. D. Weaver did
j some plum bine work for the Fire Depart-
I ment in December, 1892, and he submitted
! a bill for $4317 17. This was one of the
; bills waich the City found itself unable to
j pay, so Weaver sue';! for his money. Judg
; ment was rendered against him "and he
j appealed. The Supreme Court has re
versed the judgment of the lower court
and has directed that judgment in favor
of Weaver be entered, but that be be not
! paid except from the funds of the fiscal
| year ending 1595. As th<*re is no money
from that year the judgment is not of
: much use to the creditor. He has his
i judgment and apparently that is ail he
j has, but there mav be some unpaid taxes
I for that year still outstanding, and should
any money come in from that source his
1 judgment may be paid.
The City was behind that year over
; $300,000. It is set forth that the'unloofced
, for increase in the election expenses was
! the cause of the shortage, but these surplus
! election expenses were paid from the
general fund "and the authority vested in
' the Election Commissioners," and it must
i therefore be assumed that the expenses.
I were properly and legally paid. Whoever
! deals with a municipality, the Supreme
j Court says, does so with notice of the
I limitations of its powers and with notice
j that he can receive compensation only
j from the funds of the current year. Even
] if at the time of making his contract there
j are sufficient funds in "the treasury, he is
j charged with notice that these funds may
■ at any time be paid out for municipal ex
! penises, and his is in t:;e same condition as
| any creditor who has dealt with one whose
assets are exhausted before he presents
his claim.
The Supreme Court found that when
Weaver did the work for the City there
! was money in the general fund, and tbere-
J fore his claim was valid in its inception,
j and he was therefore entitled to judgment.
The depletion of the funds was no satis
faction to him, nor did it alter his right to
recover, but it does not allow him to re
cover from any funds except those for the
year in which the indebtedness was con
tracted. The order of the court is as fol
lows:
The judgment is reversed, and the Superior
Court is directed to enter a judgment in favor
of the plaintiff and against the defendant for
the sum of $2220 09, and directing that the
same be Hatisfied out of the income and reve
nues of the defendant, provided for the fiscal
year ending Juno 30, 1893, in accordance with
the loregoing opinion.
The question naturally arises, ''What
will Mr. Weaver do with his judgment,
now that ne has it?"
SHARP'S STORIES SCORED
The Philadelphia Savant's State
ments Indignantly Con
. tradicted.
The 0 d Commander Hotly Denies
Mixing Potatoes and Gravy
With His Fingers.
At last the long-drawn-out inquiry into
the charges against Captain Healy of the
United Stales revenue cutter Bear is at an
end. The evidence for and against the
veteran commander will be fully tran
scribed and sent with minutes of the court
proceedings to the United States Treasury
Department at Washington. There the
Secretary of the Treasury and other offi- ;
cers of the Federal Government having
jurisdiction in the premises will weigh ana
sift the testimony and pass upon the
charces.
Yesterday.'s proceedings were brief, but
not devoid of interesting features. The
first witness examined was William
Boundy, whose evidence tended strongly
to weaken the statements of Dr. Sharp,
Healy's supposed Nemesis. In his testi
mony on Thursday Dr. Sharp stated that
when Robert Wilson was in irons the cap
tain was heard to say to Boundy, "riit
him and report to me in two days."
Boundy tells a different story. According
to his version Wilson, who'is one of the
Bear's crew, injured one of the gun-covers
and was placed in double irons forthwith
in punishment of his carelessness. The
captain, happening to pass by when the
man was in irons, remarked jokingly to
Boundy: "I remember the time when
you would hit a man a whack that would
lay him up for a couple of days for less
than that." No more was said and the
man was liberated after having been in
irons for about «n hour.
Boundy further stated that on various
occasions he had heard Dr. Sharp refer to
the captain in terms that were most in
sultinc and contemptuous, making men
tion of the commander in the presence of
the officers and crew as "that damned old
brute," and in language of similar import.
Sharp had also told him that he hated the
oitl man and had made up his mind to "do
him up." On other occasions during the
voyage Sharp had announced his deter
mination to make it hot for the captain.
Ab to Sharp's allegations against the cap
tain, Boundy testified that as far as lie
knew thoy were all without any founda
tion in fact.
J. N. Nice of the North American Com
mercial Company flatly denied Sharp's
statement to the effect that Captain Healy
had endeavored to pick a quarrel with
Agent Gray of the Alaska Commercial
Company at Unalaska. He said the cap
tain's demeanor on that occasion was dig
nified and becoming. He merely remon
strated with Mr. Gray on account of a sup
posed slight on the part of the Alaska
Commercial Company's employe? toward
the officers of the Bear. The captain dis
played no rancor whatever on that occa
sion.
First Lieutenant Buhner of the Bear had
also a denial of one of Sharp's stories.
Sharp said on Thursday that he had com
plained to Buhner of the intolerable soci
ety of the captain, and had expressed a
desire to live and eat with the crew rather
than with Healy. Buhner denied that
any such remark* or any similar remark
had ever been addressed to him by Sharp.
He said he had, since ine inquiry opened,
received a letter from Dr. Sharp taking
him to task in bitter terms for not having
testified more strongly against the captain
during the investigation.
It. F. Tilton, captain of the whaler An
drew Hicks, testified to Captain Healy's
sobriety during the month of August, lSi)5,
off Icy Cape. He said he had known the
captain by reputation since 1881, and per
sonaily since 1888. He had never heard
anything against him in all that time, and
believed it would be impossible to find any
one capableof filling Captain Healy's place
in the event of his death or removal.
But all other denials paled into colorless
insignificance before the thunderous indig
nation with which Captain Healy hurled
the lie into the very teeth of the ill-starred
Sharp.
"Dr. Sharp." said the captain when
asked for his statement, "made a mean,
outrageous and utterly mendacious re
mark about me curing his testimony. The
man had the shameless effrontery to as
sert that it was my custom to mix potatoes
and trravy on my plate with my ringers. I
characterize that statement as being false
as hell, but not so false as the heart of the
man who uttered it. I was kind to Dr. Sharp,
and treated him on tlie ship as though he
we,re a respected and honored guest in ray
own house. I gave him objects of rare in
terest for his collection of curios and en
deavored to accord him every courtesy.
You have seen, gentlemen, the manner in
which he has repaid me. As for the
charces contained in the complaint, I meet
them with a simple and unqualified denial.
The testimony will corroborate my utter
repudiation of them."
On Monday the judge advocate and
Captain Healy's attorneys will present
their arguments, which will be transmit
ted, along with the testimony and other
papers in the case, to the Federal authori
ties at Washington. - -' '-■■: ~'.y "■'-
CASPAR WHITNEY HERE
The Writer on Amateur Athletics
and His Views on Vari
ous Sports.
Mr. Whitney Was Once an Explorer
in the Great Barren Land—Ex
pert With the Bicycle.
Caspar Whitney, the explorer and writer
on amateur athletics, arrived yesterday
from Pueret Sound, and is at the Palace.
Mr. Whitney was here some five years
ago.
Afterward he made a tour of the world,
in which for a portion of the way he used
the bicycle. After this again he visited
and explored portions of the Great Barren
Land in the far land of the niuskox to the
north.
Since his arrival to the coast a couple of
weeks ago, he has been gathering informa
tion regarding the various branches of
amateur sports. Mr. "Whitney has severely
condemned the Reliance and Olympic
clubs as to the handling of their baseball
and football teams.
He sticks to what he has said, that the
San Francisco and Oakland clubs are con
tinually coing outside of their members
for star players. By this means, he says,
that, in addition to being unfair to their
own struggling members who are doing
their best, they violate the amateur rules
recognized allover the country.
According to his story, the Olympic and
Reliance clubs are the worst of" all. Still
he considers the Butte football team one
of the most farcical in the country. It is
kept up by W. A. Clark, the millionaire,
and he is bolstering it up.
Mr. Whitney says the trouble on the
coast has been getting worse from year to
year. The pace was started when the
clubs began importing players of star
ability.
Mr. Whitney will probably be here for
some time. He is making a special study
of athletics while here.
A Valley Road Claim.
The San Francisco and San Joaquin Valley
Railroad has filed a claim lor the 70 per cent
due on his subscription to the capital Btock.
The estate of Joseph A. l>onohoe subscribed for
250 shares of the railroad stock, at $25,000,
and there is still due on the subscription
$17,500. This sum is asked for.
HEW TO-DAT.
/^■^ Cure
Consumption
and lung troubles
. To the Editor : — I have a reliable remedy
for Consumption and all Lung Diseases; also
for Loss of Flesh and all Conditions of Wast-
ing. By its timely use thousands of hopeless
cases have been Permanently Cured. So
proof-positive ami of its power, that to in-
crease its usefulness and make known its{, reat
merits, I propose to SEND TWO s BOTTLES
FREE to any reader who will write me their
Express and Postoffice address. Sincerely,
' T. A. SLOCUM, M.C.,
-r*. -J~f iS3 Pearl St., New York.
Wnen writing the Doctor, pV:isf> state you rp.-wl hi*
letter in this paper and oblige— The Editor.
ALL LATHE WORK^vjj^^^FOß TWO YEARS.
A.L.BANCROFT &C0.324- POST: SLS.F.
NEW TOJ)AT. j _
IiIUNYON
WILL CURE YOU
CATARRH POSITIVELY CURED
Immediate Kelief for Rheumatism,
Coughs, Colds, Asthma, Lung Trou-
lißhl- - Healed— Sure Specific for Indi-
gestion and Bysiiepsia-Muiiyoii'i
Kidney and Liver Cures v ovur Fail—
All >'ervous and Blood Diseases Suc-
cessfully Treated— Uruggists Sell
Munyou's Homeopathic Kemedies—
••Guide to Health," Free, AVill|Teach
. You How to Cure Yourself.
T. F. Elliott, Attorney-at-Law, South
Omaha, Nebr., says: "My daughter has
been troubled with cr.tarrh for about ten
years. During the last few years we much
feared that she was going into consump-
tion. About three months ago I noticed in
the papers an ad. for Munyon's Catarrh
Cure, and resolved to give it a trial. My
daughter has taken three bottles with such
good results that to-day she is almost, if
not perfectly, cured of "the dread disease.
I have no hesitation in recommending:
Munyon's Catarrh Cure to any one af-
flicted with catarrh."
Munyon's Rheumatism Cure never fails
to relieve in from one to three hours, and
cures in a few days. Price 25c.
Munyon's Dyspepsia Cure positively
cures all forms* of indigestion and stom-
ach trouble. Price 25c.
Munyon's Cold Cure prevents pneumo-
nia and breaks up a cold in a few hours.
Price 25c.
Munyon'3 Cough Cure stops coughs,
night sweats, allays soreness and speedily
heals the lungs. Price 25c.
Munyon'3 Kidney Cure speedily cures
pains in the back, loins or groins and all
forms of kidney disease. Price 25c.
Munyon's Nerve Cure stops nervousness
and builds up the system. 25c.
Munyon's Catarrh Remedies never fail.
The Catarrh Cure (price 25c) eradicates the
disease from the system, and the Catarrh
Tablets (price 25c) cleanse and heal the
parts.
Munyon's Asthma Cure and Herbs re-
lieve asthma in three minutes and cure in
five days. Price, 50c each.
Munyon's Headache Cure stops headache
in three minutes. Price 25c.
Munyon's Pile Ointment positively
cures all forms of piles. Price 25c,
Munyon's Blooa Cure eradicates all im-
purities of the blood. Price 25c. ;.;;-
Munyon's Vitalizer restores lost powers
to weak men. Price; $1.
A separate cure for each disease. At all
druggists, 25 cents a bottle.
Personal letters to Prof. Munyon, 1505
Arch street, Philadelphia, Pa., answered
with free medical advice for any disease.
0000<K>000<>0<>00<>00<>0<><><><>000
I YOST-FALCON 1
I BICYCLESI |
sTallj-Ho Tandems!?
g AGENTS WANTED. g
9, Elegant Example of Uigh-Class Machine Con- 2
9 strudionand Correct Engineering Design. 9
6 Short- Tandem, built on en- o
0 tirely new principles, increasing the 9
9 speed and strength of the machine 9
5 and the comfort, convenience a* i ?
X safety of riders. Thousands are look- 2
6 in« to the TALLY-HO, the great re- X
O former in tandem constraction and o
9 the leader of '96. 9
f 6EO. WEBB ALEXANDER, I
0 SUCCESSOR TO 9
I OSBORN & ALEXANDER,
? 401 MARKET ST. ?
O SEND JTOR CATALOGUE. San Francisco 6
<i<H><><XKK><H><K><>CKKK><X>o<>Oo<><)<i
IHE
HIGHEST I
POINT 1
Of excellence
to which bicycle
manufacture can
attain is to give the
man who rides for pleasure
purely as light a mount aa he
who rides for Rold or glory. The
Achievement of this effort is the
STEARNS
BICYCLE
E. C. STEARNS & CO.,
304-306 Post Street,
SAN FRANCISCO.
DET.HY, HOHtHS & CO., City Agents.
1896 RAMBLERS
HAVE ARRIVED. ;
1895 Models Will be Sold for
555.00.
COME WHILE THEY LAST.
1.596 Ramblers $100.00
1805 Ramblers 85.00
THOS. H. B. VARNEY,
1325 Market St., S. F.
427 S. Spring St.. Los Angela*.
w gjF* a| #$J^b«l3^^H4l^^^ N * ri "*^^^^ ■ © ♦ t_i r*
sllllli' BARNES
HOOKER & CO. /^^^^m:
IS-I8 Drumm St, //^l^l^^SH^A
1640 Markets), IliMfJ^^^^P}1 liMfJ^^^^P} 1
1640 Market St. \ ll a|jJ WfMJHnf' ffVINING`S PLANS
FOR ECONOMY
The Street Railway Man-;
ager Reduces the
Service.
UNJUST TO PASSENGERS.
Western Addition Electric-Cars
Will Not Run on
Sundays.
ALTERNATE CARS TO THE PARK.
People Must Look Out for Odd and
Even Numbers and Yellow Cars
With Red Signs.
Manager Vining of the Market-street
Railway Company has taken another
radical step in his match of economy, and
it may be expected that nexi Monday n ill
see patrons of the Western Addition lines
of the company angered beyond expres
sion at the chances then to be instituted.
Already matters have become so com-
Piicated in regard to transfers and routes
over the new lines of tue Market-street
system that suifering citizens wonder if
Mr. Yining is not trying some mystic
Chinese puzzle upon San 1 rancisco.
A man yt-ts upon a car believing that he
will be carried on the transfer system to
his destination, but finds thai old transfer
systems have been abolished for some
new-fangled notion. Hr he may neglect m
a.-k the conductor fur a transfer ticket at
the moment he pays hi* fare, ami ;is this is
a new rule the result is the same. He
must pay a second fare on t!ie other line.
And so it goes on, one complication fol
lowing anotner. until citizens cannot pos
sibly understand the new system intro
duced ior the sake of economy. A book
accompanied by a map of the City has be
come necessary" to inform people on up-to
date rules of ihe railway company.
Notices were issued" yesterday from
Superintendent Vinin^'s cilice referring to
the future operation oi the Sacramento
etreet and Fillmore-street lines, which
further complicate manors. The Sacra
mento-street line announcement is as
follows:
On and after Monday, February 24, 13i>G, the
Sacramento-- . '-rated as fol
lows: All westbound cars leaving the ferry be
-1 kiiio i. M. will run through to* the
park.
°ek liayt, at other hours of the day, cars
will make their western terminus alternately
r.: the park snd at the carhouse, near Central
a venae, even-numbered cars soiug only io the
c.irhouse aud odd-numbered cars tunning
*.h rough to ;he park.
!ast car running through to the park
the ferry at li::;-J p. m., ail can leav
ing the ferry thereafter making their western
terminus at the carhouse.
- indays, Sacraniento-stroet cars will run
through to the park as heretoiore.
Regarding the Devisadero-street electric
system the following notice wiU bo poste.l
in all the cars of the company to-day:
On and after Monday, February '_'■!, 1390, a
line of. cars will be run upoa weekdays, from
0:02 a. si. to H:O2 P. ji., at 10-minute intervals.
Running from the corner o! Devisadero and
Jackson streets, via Devlsadero and Page, to
ir.e corner of Fillmore and l'age streets. Re
turning via Fillmore, Oak and Deviaadero
f treets. These cars will be painted yellow and
wiil bear a red sign fading "Devlsadero-street
t rough cars."
Transfers— Passengers wishing transfers to
other lines must ask the conductor for them
when settling for their fare. Passengers trav
>.ing upon transfer tickets will not be given
transfers to the cars oi another line bound in
the opposite direction. Subject to tho above
conditions transfers will be issued and received
as follows: '
Cars bound south an-i east will issue trans
fers irom the comer of Ellil and Devisadern
streets, via eastbound Ellis-street cars: Oak
and Deviradero streets, via westbound Oak
street cars; Page and Fillmore streets, via
southbound Fillinore-street cars.
Cars bound south and east will receive trans
fers at the corner of Jackson and Devlsadero
streets from westbound Jackson-street cars;
Hacramento and Devisadero streets from east
bound Sacramento-street cars; Page and Devis
adero streets from eastbouud Page-street cars.
Carg bound north and west will issue truns
fers irom corner of Oaic and Devisadero
streets, via westbound Oak-Btrect cars. Sacra
mento and Devisadero streets, via westbound
Sacramento-street cars. Jackson and Devisa
dero streets, via eas'.bound Jackson-street cars,
bound norm and west will receive
t renders at corner of Oak and Fillmore streets
from northbound FUtmore-street cars. Ellis
and Devisadero streets, irom e«t.-UHtiii'i KUis
t-ireet oars. O'Farreil and Devisu'Kro streets,
fitMß weMt-ound O'Farreli-street e»rs.
N. B.— These cbts will not run on oundays.
From these ollicial statements it may be
seen that, for the sake of economy— atanv
r.sk— the Markti-strcet company has de"
vised:
A half service.
An intermittent service.
A limited special Sunday service.
A special weekday service, varied morn
ing and evening.
No service it all— as, for instance:
"X. B. — Xnese cars v;iil not run on Sun
days."
Here is an instance where the Market
?tr».et company declares it will not operate
a large part of its system on Sundays.
The franchise demands that cars must be
run daily, but for economy — as viewed by
Vining and the directors of the Market
street company— an important part of Ban
l-'rancisco is to be left without streetcar
communication every Sunday. Travel is
heaviest on Sundays, so on those days
passengers will have to travel by other
lines for reasons best known to the com
pany.
Again Vining's extraordinary economy,
which is altogether foreign to California,
compels people who wish to travel over
the Market street Western Audition lines to
look out for
» >tJd-numbered cars.
Even-numbered cars.
Yellow cars with red signs.
Transfers "when settling for fares."
And they must carry watches (railroad
time) or be leit in the middle of their
journey.
RELIGIOUS THOUGHT AND PROGRESS
to Epitome of Sermons of the Week
Throughout the Lund.
Following is a summary of the principal
yeimons recently delivered in tho United
States and Canada by the leading clergy
men, priests, prelates, religious teachers
R ! "i professors of the Christian faith. In
distance the full text has been care
id and abbreviated :
THE DKVIL'S BIBLE.
'-ori has a Bible and Satan has one, too, only
of taints and apostles it includes
■ false miracle workers, necromancers
ttdes.— B«v. V. B. Kuappenberger, Meth
odibt, Syracuse, H. Y.
n _ . THE KINO CLASS.
'•< ■' three-fourths of the membership of the
cnurcnea of the United States Is composed of
od?»« W Vi k - n ? , class es.-Itev. T. B. Neely, Meth
oditt, I'hiladelphia, p a •
 ■ „ ■ THKATERS.
t J}}l t: , e duty u of Catholifs to keep away from
the theater* where the whole couditions of ir.i-
IVrJvc '"'• im l'Ure relations and impure prin
rJVhn. *V acte(l - ttw. James A. Doonan,
CathoJ.c, Boston, Mass.
T „■ ' HEROES.
It seeds not war to bring forth heroism. « We
need hcrces to organize the victories of peace.
routica, society, industry, all apherei call for
iHToos.— Dr. Charles Fleischuer, Hebrew, Bos
ton, Mass.
THE BIBLE.
The so-caDed'objections to the Bible arise In
many laatanoes.tf not all, from ignorance of
the book, or from unintentional or malicious
misconceptions of its contents.— Rev. L. G.
litroert, C'ungregationalist, Finalay, Ohio.
HE.WK.W
I Joubt whether there is any popular idea, of
heaven now prevalent among the people. 1
know icarcelf two persons that have uif> same
sption of heaven. - kev. B. Fay Mills, rc
viv.uist, at New Haven, Conn.
CHRISTIAN SCHOOLS.
To-day there is a crisis of religious thought
In this country, and it is itnportaut that the
Christian church should insist that its schools ,
should bo Christian, [rom president to the
lowest tutor.— Rev. N. K. Wood, Baptist, Bos
ton, Mass.
CHAEACTEB.
Every man is a builder. The only lasting
building is character. A noble character is
the grandest building on earth. So monu
ment or tower or work or architecture can
compare with it.— Rev. M. Neil, Baptist, Wil
lieinsport, l"a.
POVERTY.
The principal causes of poverty are inade
quate natural resources, bad climatic eondi
tions, : ectlve sanitation, <■••.•:! associations
and surroundings, defective legislation, defec
tive judicial and punitive m&eMaeryymisdi
rected aud inadequate education, bad indus
trial conditions, unwise philanthropy. — Dr.
I'hiiip \V. Ayrcs, Chicago, 111.
OFFICE-SEEKERS.
The office-seeker cannot possibly become an
it- tiller. He does not descend to that
search until every other place is closed. Then
he concludes to be a statesman and Inflicts
himself xipon the community.— Rev. Myron (
Reed, Independent, Denver, Colo.
■ THE HOME.
If the home were rendered more attractive
we would hear of fewer ruined characters, less
drunkenness and other evils and crimes that
come forth like evil birds of prey when night
shrouds all things in darkness. — fie,V- J. T.
Ueelty, Catholic, Augusta, Ga.
SOCIETY.
Not all misery is in the slums. Not all dan
ger to society arises from the victims of pov
erty. It may be that there is as great danger
to n lety from the boulevards as from the
slums.— itev. K. A. White, Universalist, Chica
go. Hi.
FAISK HOOD.
Liars are the Goths and Vandals of society;
they take a delight in distorting and debasing
the fair name of truth; they are hateful in the
Bight of Almighty God, and they are to be de
spised by all truth-loving men. — Rev. James
McLeod, "Presbyterian, Scranton, Pa.
AHLWAKDT. .
The anti-Semitic agitator, Ahlwardt, came to
this country to spread his notions. Roth press
and pulpit poured such contempt on him* that
now there is not a soul in the country so poor
as to do him reverence.— Dr. Gottheil, Hebrew,
New York City.
LEPBO6Y.
The leprosy of the soul in its unclean state
from moral sin is far more loathsome than the
leprosy of our human- flesh. When mortal Bin
passes in the glory of God passes put, and pur
ity is destroyed as by thfl blast of a destructive
fire.— Rev. G. T. Mahouey, Catholic, Woon
socket, R. I.
UNIVEr.SAT.ISM. .
Our religion appeals to any man who is in
favor of building y.p the moral life of human
ity. We believe in advancing liberality, and
men hail it es a ti«n of progress. It teaches a
more divine brotherhood and is forcing other
churches to broaden their views.— Rev. C. E.
Fisher, Universaltst, Lowell, Mass.
SECTARIANISM.
Men are sick of sectarianism and In these
enlightened days they prefer to listen to the
cries of the helpless in the slums of our cities
rather than to the fierce discussion on a dip or
a plunge, a sprinkle or a pour, hardshell or
softshell, rock-bottom or sand-bottom.— Rev.
W. T. Veale, Presbyterian, Jacksonville, Fla.
METHODISM.
To-dev the Methodist Episcopal church has
more societies than any other branch of Chri.s-'
tianity, more church property and the largest
membership. Every fourth communicant is a
Methodist. Every fourth person in the United
t-tates Is a Methodist or adherent, and every
day adds a thousand souls to her membership ,
and two church edifices.— Rev. G. L. Tufts,
Methodist, Cincinnati, Ohio.
LAW.
There has been no law handed down and
piven to us as divine but what it would be
better for man if it were kept. The great dif
ference between heaven and earth is that
heaven is a place where God's law is kept, and
earth is a place where it is not.— Kev. Dr.
Hopkins of the Y. 51. C. A., Kansas City, Mo.
DOGMA.
Religion is no longer an antidote against the
fall of Adam, but an always grander striving
for a better lne. The old church has as hope
lessly lost touch with the religious develop
ment as necromancy and exorcism ha* with
science. Prejudice may yet continue the old
church, buf toi the .belligerent their dogmas
have become hollow mockeries.— Rev. D. W.
Morehouse, Unitarian, New York City.
rRO3EESSIGN.
God put no child of his into this world to
grovel and to be a worm; God wants everv one
to strive to get up in the world. It js only as
men are possessed with this desire that the
world improves. Let all men be satisliocl with
everything just as it is and that would stop
progress. — Kev. W. H. Fishburn, Presbyterian,
Columbus, Ohio.
TOO MANY CHVBCKEB.
We have got Methodist Christianity, and
Baptist Christianity, and Presbyterian Chris
tianity, and Congregational Christianity, and
you can just order any sort of Christianity you
want, except that genuine, heroic sort that
gets out on the right side of every proposition
and stands there until the last blow is dealt.
The curse of the world to-day is the church
getting bigger than Christ.— llev. Samuel P.
Jones, evangelist, Kansas City, Mo.
THE SOUL.
Our soul is like the sensitive ■ plate of a
camera— thoughts, words and deeds leave their
impressions on the sou) and have the tendency
to reproduce themselves with fearful rapidity.
Sow a thought and you will reap a word; sow
a word and you will reap a deed; sow a deed
and you will reap a habit; sow a habit and you
will " reap a destiny. — Richard Har'lin,
Presbyterian, Rochester, N. Y.
MUNICIPAL PROBLEMS.
Cities arc fast becoming the predominant
element in the Nation's welfare. As popula
tion is now centering, they will soon abso
lutely control our destiny. If a man now
40 years of age live out. the average time
that mortality tables allov,- him, ne will live
to see millions more than half the people of
the United States domiciled in cities. Munici
pal problems are the supreme problems in the
welfare of the Nation.— Rev. L. C. Barnes, Bap
tist, Pittsburg, Pa.
, ARMENIA.
The Turk will yield to nothing but fear and
force, and that force should b<? applied from
some source as soon as humanity can mass its
forces and poise its cannon. It is sheer crim
inality for the Governments of the earth to
wait ior one another. The people are mightier
than any minister or court, and will support
any nation that will I*o into the field to end
these nameless atrocities.— Rev. M. W. Haynes,
Baptist, Chicago, 111.
UNITY.
The time will soon come when the various
churches of the different denominations and
those of the same sect will cease to drive one
another farther and farther apart by means of
a very miserable selfishness, narrowness and
sheep-stealing propensity. There are still some
narrow Methodists who see good only in their
own cnurch. This mean, low and degrading
narrowness or selfishness must be driven out
of the church and out of each member's heart
before the spirit of unity will prevail. — Rev.
Dr". Euster, Methodist, Spokane, Wash.
IDEALS.
The ideal of the world is a blindfolded woman
with scales in her hand hanging even: the
ideal of the Bible is a man hanging on a cross,
praying tor his enemies. The ideal of the world
is a business-house whose weights and meas
ures have been duly stamped, whose bills are
always paid, whose bank account is lur^e and
credit good; the ideal of the Bible is a brother
hood gathered about the table, while one
washes the feet of the others and then blesses
the bread and distributes it.— Rev. \Y. J.
Young, Congregationalism Norfolk, Va.
SUCCESS.
It is always hard to get up in the world.
When you see a man who is really and truly
up in the world you see a man who has worked
his way up. There is neither man nor woman
a: tlie top In any department who did not have
to climb there with blistered hands and bleed
ing feet. The leading merchants, the leading
insurance men, the leading physicians, law
yers, educators, all climbed patiently to emi
nence. Plants get up, trees get up, men and
women get up. ail in one way— by climbing
up.— Kev. W. H. Fishburn, Presbyterian, Co
lumbus, Ohio.
CHURCHES OF TO-DAY.
The church has been asleep upon its own
altar. It should be the champion of higher
thought. It should hail with delight ever?
ideal of higher nature. It should investigate
and careiully consider that which it peremp
torily challenges as "atheistic." It should
be in the vanguard of progression, and should
even broaden the horizon of its yiston. It
Khould discard the letter of the Bible and
strive for the spirit of the iliviue law. The
only amalgamating potency left tne church at
the present is its social phase. Take this away
and the chunii would disintegrate. People
are weary of listening to the old, threadbare
traditions. The chief attraction in the. church
to-day is the organ-loft. Discard the orjran
loft and its musical attractions and the pulpit
would talk to empty news.— Re\\ F. £. aiason.
Disciple, Brooklyn, N. Y.
TIIE SAg FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 22, 1896,
FIRST BISHOP OF ALASKA
He Is Here on His Way to the
Far Circle City on the
Upper Yokon.
WILL DO MUCH MISSION WORK.
Efforts of the Episcopal Church to
Help the Isolated Miners and
Wild Indians.
The Rev. Dr. P. T. Rowe, Bishop of
Alaska for the Episcopal church, arrived
uere yesterday, and is at the Occidental.
The reverend gentleman has just been
appointed, lie is the first Bishop to
The Rev. IJ.1 J . T. Howe, the lirst IJishop of Alaska. Who Has Arrved liere.
[Drawn by a l 'C'ull" art tit from a jhotograph.\
Alaska. For a long time he has been I
laboring at Sault Ste, Marie and elsewhere ;
in the upper peninsula of Michigan.
He has recently visited Los Angeles, and !
he. will spend a little time at ail the lead- 1
ing places£of the coast before sailing for j
Alaska, which he will do early in March. ;
"1 want to get in touch with the churches j
here before I go north," he said, "for we j
are connected by cemmon ties all along j
the coast. I shall go to Juneau, and get;
my family settled, and will then push for- j
ward overland to the stations and camps
on the Upper Yukon.
"My route will be by way of Chilcat i
Pass. I have received advices from |
Bishop "William M. Barker of Olympia !
that probably a great in any people will go j
to Alaska this year. The rush, in fact, has
already set in. Every steamer is loaded, j
and if a man wants to be sure of his trans
portation he has to engage it ahead.
"Ishallvj'it Forty-mile, Miller Creek,
Circle City, Brush Creek and the several •
otiier new camps of the Yukon and tribu- I
taries, and do what 1 can alike for miners
and Indians. It may be a rough experi
ence, but I shall try and be equal to it.
'•\Ve have now four missions in Alaska. !
besides three clergy, one medical mission!
and one medical lay mission. We also i
have two lady missionaries.
"I want to get into the camps of the
upper Yukon before the snow melts so as
to require small boats in places. I will
therefore etart eany in March from .Se
attle.
"My headquarters in a vear's time may
be at SitKa. it seems probable to me that
it will, but I cannot tell fully till I have
looked around a little. I will be in the
Yukon country probably all summer."
ARCHITECTS AT PEACE.
The Harbor Commissioners Set
tled the Whole Controversy
at Once.
One-Half Per Cent Will Go to Brown's
Executors and Swayne Takes the
Balance.
The difficulty over the working plans for
the new ferry depot has been overcome,
and Architect Swayne is now ready to pro
ceed with the work.
When the late A. Pa?e Brown was archi
tect for the Harbor Commissioners the
working plans for the building were pre
pared in his office, but they had not. 83 a
whole, been examined and passed upon by
him. When Swayne exacined the draw
ings he refused to accept the work which
they entailed and said he would prefer
making drawings of his own. The Com
missioners referred him to the Brown es
tate, and a deadlock ensued. No under
sianding could be reached, and again and
again were Messrs. Colnon, Cole and Chad
bourne (the three Cs, as they are known
on the water front) appealed to.
A meeting was finally arranged for yes
terday morning. There were present:
Harold Wheeler, attorney for the Brown
estate; Mrs. Brown's brother; F. S. Strat
ton, attorney for the board; Architect
Swayne and the Commissioners. Several
attempts to solve the problem were made
without success. Wheeler, on behalf of
the estate, demanded 1 per cent of the
commission, while Swayne refused to give
a cent, holding that nearly all the draw
ings would have to be remade. Finally
Commissioner Cole, after listening to ail
the arguments, said : "Gentlemen, I
think the best thing you can do is to split
the difference. Let the Brown estate, in
consideration of the work done by the late
A. Page Brown, take a half per cent and
let Mr. Swayne take the remainder. Mr.
Swayne is entitled to the bulk of the re
muneration, because he will have to super
vise all the work. Now, if an understand
ing on that basis can be reached, then I
think, everything will be plain sailing.
L.et us settle the matter at once, and thus
get one hilch out of the way."
President Colnon was also of the opinion
that the differences between the parties
should be settled or else some means would
have to be resorted to in order to break the
deadlock. "As soon as we get a decision
from the Supreme Court," &aid he, "it will
be absolutely necessary that we be ready
to proceed with the work. If this squabble
over the remuneration each architect is to
receive is to continue, indefinitely, then
some radical step will have to be taken."
After this expression of opinion, Attor
ney "Wheeler and Mrs. Brown's brother
went out into the corridor and held a long
conference. On their return, Mr. Wheeler
said they were willing to accept Commib
sioner Cole's suggestion, and would lower
their demand to one-half percent. Archi
tect Bwayne was asked if he would agree to
tbe proposition, and said he would. Thus
another block to the building of the much
talked-of depot has been removed, and if,
the Supreme Court will only order the
Controller to pay Bateman Broa 1 . check,
everything will be plain sailing.
Wlieii ltuyintr a Horse.
Reject a horse whose forelegs are not
i straight, it will not stand wear. .Stand be
hind the horse as it walks awuy from you
1 and you will be able to notice thesede-
fects if they exist. Reject a horse that is
light below the knee, especially if imme
diately bolow knee; the conformation is
essentially weak; or a horse with iong,
short or upright pasterns— lon \j pasterns
are subject to sprains; short or upright
pasterns make a horse unpleasant to ride,
and on account of extra concussions are
apt to cause ossitic deposits; or a horse
with toes turned in or out. The twist
generally occurs at the fetlock.
Toes turned out are more objectionable
than toea turned in. When toes turn out
the fetlocks^are generally turned in, and
animals so formed are apt to cut or brush.
Both, however, are very weak formation,-*.
Reject a horse whose hind legs are too
far behind; good propelling power will be
wanting and disease as a result may be
expected in the hocks. And a horse
which uoes eitiier very wide or very close
behind, and one with very straight or
very bent hocks: the former cause undue
concession ; the latter are apt to give way.
Reject a horse that is "split up" ; that is,
shows much daylight between the thighs.
Propelling power comes from behind, and
must be deficient iu horses without due
muscular development between the thighs.
Reject a horse with a flat or overlv large
feet, "or with very small feet. Medium
sized are best. Also with one foot smaller
than the other. — Ex.
During the last decade the production
of new vessels in Great Britain exceeded
7,500.000 tons, nnd during that period 1500
sailing vessels and 300 steam s r essels of an
obsolete type were removed each year
from the national register.
NEW TO-DAT.
/ iSKw^A \ Health
I ra^^^ if \y * icciiLn
When one is sick it becomes impossible to enjoy the usual
benefits of wealth, for without good health no pleasure is enjoyed
the same as one could enjoy it when feeling well. Then wealth
is made especially useful, -for it can buy health. Nature gives us
Electricity, which is the foundation of all health, and when this
life is infused into the body every day it restores health
naturally. Nature's best remedy is
Made with the one purpose of restoring life and vigor to aIS
organs of the body, it builds up a new manhood and womanhood
in all who are .weak and debilitated. \
. It has a new regulator, by which" the current is controlled while the Belt is on the body
Get the pamphlet "Three Classes of Men,'.' free. . - ; • ; .
SANDEN ELECTRIC CO.,
632 MARKET ST., OPPOSITE PALACE HOTEL, SAN FRANCISCO.
Office Hours-8 to 8:30 ; Sundays, 10 to I. : V
. Portland* Or«eon, Office, 255 Waaalngton Street.
NO LIMIT TO FENCES
The Ordinance Keeping Them
Down to Ten Feet De
clared Invalid.
CAN CLIMB AS THEY PLEASE.
Judge Seawell's Decision in a Sign Com
pany's Suit Settles an Inter
esting Point.
In rendering judgment for the plaintiff
in the suit of the California Adsigns Com
pany against the Fire Wardens Judge
Seawell has declared invalid the ordinance
of the Supervisors making it a misde
meanor for any one to erect a fence over
ten feet high, or to erect any signs more
than ten feet above the street level.
The Adsigus Company had bought over
100 locatiuns and had secured some large
advertising contracts, when the Fire War
dens threatened to tear dewn the fences.
The company sued for an order restrain
ing them from carrying out their inten
tions ana Judge Seawall has granted the
order.
In his opinion he says:
The proceeding Is not an attempt to restrain
the enforcement of a municipal order, for the
order aoes doi direct the deicndauts to take
down or remove the fences or other structures.
Even if it did so direct, if the Board of Super
visors had no power to pass it ana its enforce
ment would occasion irreparable injury, the
ordinance would afford no justification to the
defendants.
It is difficult, upon the face of the ordinance,
to determine what was the mischief to remedy
which it was passed. It does not in terms de
clare that a fence or structure of the character
described a nuisance. There is nothing in the
title or the body of the ordinance about tire or
which charges the defendants with any duty
in reference to its enforcement. There is
nothing in the language to indicate that it
was intended as a lire ordinance; neither is
therr anything to indicate that the object of
the ordinance was to insure the safety of per
sons passing along the streets, for the penalty
is incurred no matter how strong the fences
and signboards may be.
The offense created by the ordinance consists
not in the erection or maintenance of fences or
structure* more than ten feet in height, but
solely in the placing of a sign or advertisement
thereon. Ordinances of a municipal corpora
tion, if not reasonable, are invalid. The power
Vested in municipal corporations to prevent
and .suppress nuisances does not authorize it
to declnre a particular use of property a nuis
ance unless such use comes within the common
law or statutory detinition of a nuisance. It
does not appear that the sians or advertise
ments of plaintiff arc injurious to health, or in
decent or offensive to the senses, or ar ot:
--struction to the free use oi property of others.
The owner ot real property has a right to use
it as ne pleases, so long as he does not injure
another. Subject to this qualification, he has
the right to erect upon his land such struc
tures as he may deem proper.
1 think this i:; an unreasonable interference
witii the rights of private property, and that
the ordinance is therefore void.
CUT HIS THROAT.
Grant Edigon Attacks Another Hostler
at the Uuy District Track With
a I'ocket-Knife.
Grant Edison, a colored boy working as
hostler at the Bay District Track, used a
knife with serious effect on Andrew Jack
son Miller, another stable boy, early yes
terday morning. The two were drinking
together and both were under the influ
ence of liquor, when they began quarrel
ing at the Jockey Ulub bar, near the track.
AVords led to blows. The twp men
clinched without furiher ado and rolled
over on the floor. In the meantime Edi
son got a pocket-knife out and began to
jab Miller whenever be got an opening.
As a result -Miller lies at the Receiving
Hospital with half a dozen cuts, including
a cut seveu inches long across the throat,
though the cut was not deep enough to
sever any of the larger arteries.
P^dison was arrested by Officer Burk
holdex and charged with assault to com
mit murder. He declares that he and Mil
ler are great friends and that he did not
mean to hurt, but that it just happened.
MRS. HEARST'S DONATION.
Five Thousand Dollars Presented to
tins rolyclinic.
At a meeting of the trustees of the San
Francisco Polyclinic, held on Tuesday
evening, Dr. J. Stallard, in the name of
Mrs. I'hoebe Hearst, presented the institu
tion with a check for $5000. This sum will
be invested and the proceeds employed to
endow a lectureship or for some similar
purpose, which shall serve to perpetuate
the memory of the late Senator.
A grateful vote of thanks to Mrs. Hearst
was unanimously resolved upon.
At the same meeting it was agreed to
erect within the institution a memorial
brass to the late A. Page Brown, who gener
ously donated his professional services
during the erection of the new buildiug.
- . .
Paine's Celery Compound Sate Irs.
Porter Back Her Strength.
These sharp, raw, capricious days of
February are blamed for much sickness
that is siraply the direct result of nervous
weakness.
Perfect health will keep one above any
depressing influence from the weather.
Pure, richer blood and better fed nervous
tissues will make people feel well even in
February.
During his many years of hard and won-
derful work Prof. Edward E. Phelpe, Dart-
mouth'3 great professor, had in mind the
thousands who were weak an>l run down.
His study of the many cases of nervous
prostration,, neuralgia, rheumatism, dys-
pepsia and debility led him to that most
marvelous discovery of the century, Paine's
celery compound.
In every city, as well as the smaller vil-
lages scattered through this country, are
men and women who for years have relied
upon Paine's celery compound whenever
they found themselves weak and out of
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
LOW RATES BY RAIL
PORTljikKrD, OXIL.
SUNDAY .....FEBRUARY 23
Aud Kvery Fifth Day Thereafter.
Leave from S. P. Co.'s Ferrvr landing, fooS
of Market St., at 8:00 p. M.
A"7 rf\ — Inclu(lln S -Berth in PuUman Toari3i
/■ 0 U - Sleeper.
....ALSO....
First-class tickets, including berth In ©i ' n«
Pullman Standard Sleeper, tlJ)10l_.
SPECIAL NOTICE.
ThJs train will not stop to deliver or take on pa»
sengers at Intermediate station^ nor will Uekacj ba
sold or baggage checked to such points.
JS3T Through Tickets for Puget Sound
poiuts on Sale at Heduced Kates.
For 'further Information applr at
613 MARKET STREET (Qr&Ttd Hotel
• . tw Ticket Office), San Francisco.
KICHARD IiRAY, T. H. GOODMAN",
Cien. Traftlo Mgr. Gen. Pus. Agt
SASFRMCISCO & RORTH PA-
CIFIC RAILWAY CO.
Tiburon Ferry— Foot of Market St.
i San Francisco to San Rafael.
WEEK DAYS-7:40, 9:20, 11:00 a. k.; 12-35
3:80, 6:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra* trips at 1:50
and 11:30 p. m.
SDKDAYS-8:00, 9:30, 11:00 a.m.; 1:80, 3:30.
6:00, 6:20 p.m.
San Rafael to Snn Francisco.
WEEK DAYS— 6.2S, 7:55, 9:30, 11:10 A if
12:45, 3:40, 5:10 p. m. Saturdays-Extra irint
at 1:55 p. m. and 6:35 p.m. . : *"
BUNDAYS-8:10, 9:40, 11:10 A. if.; 1:40, 3:40,
' 6:00, 6:25 P. M.
Between Han Francisco and Schuetzen Parlc sam*
. schedule as above.
Leare ineffer* Arrive.
San Francisco. o"t 28." Ban Francisca
Wekk I Sun- t... 1 ,^;,,,.. Sox- I Wsa"
Dayb. | pays. Destination. SAY^ [ DAy^
7:40 8:00 am| Novato, 10:40 am 8:50
3:30 pm 9:30 am l'etaluma, 6:05 pm 10:30 am
6:10 pm : 5:00 pm , Santa Rosa. 7:30 pm U:l5 pm
Fulton, ""
7:10 AH • Windsor, 10:30 am
Healdaburg,
Geyserville,
8:30 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:30 pm 6:15 pm
Pieta,
Hopland <& '
7:*oam 8:00 am Ulciah. 7:30 pm 6:15 pm
7.40 am ~~: I ~~ 1 10:30 am
8:00 am uerne villa. 7:30 pm
8:30 pm | - . | 6:15 pm
7:40 am: 8:00 am Sonoma 10:40 am 8:00 am
6:10 pm 5:00 pm and . 6:05 pm 6:15 pm
' ' ■ ■ | Glen Ellen.
7:40 am 1 8 :00 am a p ha< . f/>nol 110:40 am 1 10:30 am
3:30 pm | s:oo pm | BeDa atopol- | 6:05 | 6:15 PJC
Sta«M connect at Han Rafael for Ilollnas.
Stages connect at Cloverdale for the Geysers.
Btapes connect at Pieta lor Highland Springs,
K'lseyville, Lakeport. :
• Stages connect at TTklah for Vichy Springs, Blue
Lakes, Laurel Dell, Upper Lake, Boonevllle; Green-
wood, ilpndoclno City, Fort Bragg. Ugal, Westport, -
Cahto, Willetts, Calpella, Porno, Potter Valley, John
Day's, Lively's, Gravelly Valley, Harris, ScoUa
and Eureka.
< . Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at reduced
rates. .
On Sundays round-trip tickets t* all points ba-
yond San Rafael at half rates. *
Ticket Offlc»s. 650 Market St., Chronicle building.
H. C. WHITING, R. X. RYAN,
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent.
A "I" I a si "i* if
Trains leave from and iutlv* <^^^S3S^IS
at ilarket Ferry. CuSSfiroVJ'TE'!
SANTA FE EXPRESS
To Chicago via A. & P- Direct Line
JLeaves every day at 3:30 P. M., carrying ; Pullman
Palace Sleepers and Tourist Sle«pers to Chicago
via Kansas City without change. Annex cars ta:
Denver »ud St. Louis. ,_ rm
CHICAGO LIMITED,
From Los Angeles to Chicago.
Solid Vestibule Train Dally, with Dining-car*,
under Harvey's manasrement. • Oe&aeoUns train?:
leave San Francisco at 9 a. Jt. and 3:30 r. m. daily.
The best railway from California to the East.'
New rails, new ties; no dust; interesting scenery;
and good meal* in Harvey's dining-room or dinlnf
sara. •■ - ■ ■-■■■ ■■ ■ "- ' "■ ' ■ ' ■ ■
Ticket Office- 644 Market Street,
i ... Cfergnisld BalUiss, .
health. Hundreds of letters Jike the fol"
lowing from Mrs. Porter of New York City
tell how this greit medicine has kept them
well and strong.
New York, Jan. 3, 1896.
Messr3. Wells <fc Richabssoh Co.,
Dear Sirs: For several years I have used
your Paine's celery compound whenever I
found myself running down in health.
Daring that time I have recommended it
frequently to rcy friends, am; I know of
many persons who have been much bene-
fited by it. lam never without a bottle of
it in the house, and take great pleasure in
expressing to you my belief that it does a
great work for humanity.
Mrs. M. Pokter," 282 Eighth Ave.
Mrs. Porter's experience is like thou-
sands of others. Paine's celery compound
made her well because it fed the starved
nerves and blood and regulated their
functions. Try it and be convinced of it3
remarkable power to cure disease.
| RAILROAD TRAVEU
ROinmßX t-AV.TLTIC COHPAHT,
(PACIFIC BYstRM.} (5
fi»!M» le»T« iiiiil «r«« due to »irl?e uO
MAN rKA.M'l!*<<>.
[ i.savk — Fi;om November 20, 1535. — arriv
6:30a Haywerds, Nilesand Waj Stations.. 10:15a
7:<>oa Atlantis Expreis. <i2<lon and Kast.. S:43r
7:UOa Eanicia, Vacivil'e. Kumsey. Sacra-
mento, and Redding via L»a.is. . . . 7:1
7:3<Sa Martin Sa:i Kamon, Xapa, C'alis-
toga, aud Santa Eos» C:l3l>
8:30a Xiles, Bau Jom, Btoektoo, loae.
Sacramento, i.I-irysvil'r. til Uluff
aud SundayßeiscptedOroTille.... 4:1 Up
•S:3oa Peters and Hilton "7:18^
9i«OA Hau Leandro, Hay«rarda& WaySt'ns 11:43a
S:»»Oa Los Angeles Express, Raymond,
(for Yoscmitc), Santa lJarbara
and I.cs Ansolta : 4:43p
0:00a Martinez and fitockton I '):*.". a
lO:<i;;.v San Leandro, Hayw^dE and Niles . l:13p
12:«0m S;ui LeanUro, Hayirordi 4 Way Sf ng 2:45^
l:OOp Kilcs, San Jcso and .Liverracre S:4."i\
•l:OOr .Sacramento itiTf r bteameni «9:00p
tl::iOp Port Costa r.iVi Way Stations..- 17:45r
it:Ol»p San Leandro, ifaywarrts& Way Kt'us 5:43p
4:00p San Leandro, Haj-wards & WayKt'ns 6:45p
j, 4:«yc Martinez, Han Uatnon, Volleio,
Napa, <!ali3toga, HI V'erano and
ciaotu T.osu 0il3&
Ecntaia, Esparto, WoodlamL • •
" Kniglits Landing, Marysville.
' h'ovillu and Sacramento I»i4»*
4tl©p 'Nii-.'s, San Jo3-j, L;7ermoro aud
Stockton 7:lSf
5:00p San Lcindrc, Ha>-wards Way St'ns 8:4&r
Z-.'dOf New Orleans Expx*csJTre*uo.BakeiS<
Deld. Santa Barbara, Angeles,
Demiug, Kl Paso, JTaw Orleans and
Ka*t ; 10:1.1a
l:30r .Santa Fu Jloute, Atlantic Ksprcss
for Mojavo aud 1-ast 1 0: 15
C:OOi> Turopeait Mail, Ogileii tlßd y.a,t.... O:I5»
6:««i» s!;iynaiila, Isilmuiid .SauJosa 7;45a
1?:9<»l> Vallejo 17:4ir
7iCor Orccoii I'.xpross,fsarrainento, JMarjß-
•vilte. lteJdlnif, Portlaiui. Pnget
Mound and Hast 10:47a
7:00p San Leandro. Ilaywardak Way Sfna lO:ri0p
O:O»p San Leandro. Hay Way Etns ttl2;«*A
Hl9»*Bf "SuDset limited." Fresno, Los
An?ck3, Kl l'aso. New Orlea.ua
andEajt itm^Kr
tfll»l>. r San LeanUro. llay\rar<l3 !i AVay Sf 7>lsa
SASTA fritl 7. niYIviON (Xirrou (lange).
»il!>A Newark.Ceiitervillo.&iti.loso.Fclton, *
1 '.ouliliT Creek, Sauta Cruz and Way
Statioua "...'. 3tS*a
•2:15p Newark, Centcrvillc, San Jose, Hew
Almaden, Fclton, Jsoulilcr Cr^-ek,
Saut;i Crnz and Principal Way
Stations ■ •11:20a
4:lr»i- Nf.wark. San .lose aud l.ud <<utos.... 9:SCa
i11:43p Hunters' F^csursion. Ban Jose and
' *.Vay Stations...... t7:2or
tIOAsT UlVism.N (Hiinl St lonnsfinl Sts.)
0:43a San Jose B!i>l \V;iy KUt'Liis (New ™
Almaden Wednesdays only), ' I:4S*
•il!>A.Sim .Jo.^c, Tros J'iims, .Santa Cruz,
I'ncilic Orove, Paso ItoMer, Sau
Luis Oliispo, Gtmlalnpe and rrin-
ciiml Wny Statlone 7:05p
lOi4Oa San .loso ami Way Stations S:OOi»
11:43a Palo AHo ami Way htationa *.-aoi
•2:30i- Sun Jokc, Gllroy, Tres I'inoii, .Santa
oms, Salinas, M on tcrey and Pad tic
Ororo : *1O:*«a
■:i:ROp San.Toso and l'rincipnl Way Stations 1»:47a
•4:30i- San Jose uiml Way Stations •B:OO.\
5:30i? Ban Jo*e nml Way Stations....;.... "B:tSA
«::fOi> Sau Josaaml WayStatksna ...... C:!».1a
Ul:-l.lpSan.ToBomi«l Way 5tati0n5.. ....... 17:4.%^
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
rrsmSAK WIJiCISCO— Foot of Mtrkct Street (Slip 8)—
•7:l* 9:CO - 11:00a.m. {1:00 *C:CQ 13:01
•i:OD }B:00 'CiOOr.ii.
/ron 01JLAKB— Fo«t of Broadw*/.— -i; 00 8:00
10:00a.m. tI2:CO •1:03 . tS:OO »3:CO J4:00
«5:05r.M. __^
AforMoming. ...-;-: P for Afternoon.
, * Sundays executed. t Saturdays only.
__ t Sundays on'.y.
, _ tf Monday, Thursday and 6 .turday nights only.
cud Baturuays t Sundays mnci IborHMa^
HORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD
_^ (Via >au-i:ilito Ferry).
*rom Ban Francisco, beginning October 27, 1893
WEEKDAYS.
For Mill Valley and San 7:30, 9-15, 11:00
a. M.; 1 3:45, 5:15, 6:30 p. m.
San Quentin— 7:3o, 9:15 a. U. ; 1:45, 5:15 p. te.
Extra trips lor San Bstae] on Itondars, Wednes*
. Qay» and urday s at 1 1 -.30 p. m.
_ ■ ■"■ SUNDAYS.
For Mm Valley, San Rafael and San Qnentin—
8:00,10:00,11:30a.m.: 1:30.3:00,4:30, *S:is
F. M. *l)oes not run to San Quentln.
THKOUGH TKAINS.
7:60 A. M. weekdays— and way stations.
1:45 r. x. Saturdays— To males and way stations.
8:00 a. y. Sundays— Point Reves ana statloa* -
j6M?^%W WIL.COX CO.'rlPOtr'iD
TTANSY9 PILLS
_^ . v_.. Ra ' oand SURE. Always reliable. Take
nosunstitute. Forsale by all druggists. «J.oo. Send
jc. for Woman' 3 Sa/epuarri. WIX.COX KPECIFIO
CO., 228SSOUTH EIGHTH ST.. PHILADA..
HACKMEIER'S HOTEL, 123-129 EDDY ST..
HAS CHANGED HANDS, A.M> NOW IX-
der new management. .First-class in all ap-
pointments, with second-class prices. Room and
board $1 a day and up; rooms without board 50c a
ilay and up. Special rates by week ormontb. Heals
25c. Free bus to and from Hotel. = .
UjUOKUU tiBUUSIG, Proprietor.
1112
THE COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKET!.
Only sixteen Failures last week.
Silver steady.
When!. Barley, Oats and RyedulL
1 orn arriving heavily.
Bran and Middlings wealc
Hay steady.
leglected.
• rally lower.
Potatoes and Onions unchanged.
Butter and Eggs lower.
- ..rce.
Toung Poultry very firm.
H< ns and Old Roosters dull and weak.
<.j:!in- marlcel il^moralized.
Oranges plentiful and weak.
Nothing doing In 1 Tied Fruit.
Hams. Bacon and Lard rirm.
Co:il dull.
l.i.mh lower. Mutton easier.
Kxplnnatlon.
The arrow dies with the wind. The top figures
'■ ' llcate maximum temperature for the
days; those underneath it, it" any, the amount of
rainfall, of melted snow In Inches and hundredtha.
during tho past twelve liours. Isobars, or solid
hues, connect points of equal air pressure; lso
therms, or dotted lines, equal temperamre. The
Mor.l "high" in--. in- high barametric pressure and
is usnally accompanied by fair weather; "low"
■ > low pressure, and is usually preceded and
accompanied h> cloudy weather and rains. -Lows"
;.r on the Washington coast.
els high in the interior and low
along: | the isobars extend north and
south along the coast, rain is probable; but when
the ~k>« - ied with isobars of marked curva
ture rain sontb of fregon is improbable. Wirh n
"high" In the vicinity of Idaho, and the pressure
to !!■•■ California coast, warmer weather may
■■■led in summer and colder weather in win
ter. IHe reverse of these conditions will produce
■» cite result.
WEATHER BUREAU REPORT.
Vnitkd Status Dxpahtostt ny Agrici:l
ti-rk, eatheb Bcbkau, Sas Francisco. Feb
ruary 21, 3 596. 5 i'. m.— Weather conditions and
general forecast:
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to date
us compared with those of the same date last sea
son: Eureka — . last season 31.62; Bed Blun"
13.83, last season 24.37: San Francisco 12.43, last
season 21.69: Fre- do 4.09, last season 11.18: Ban
Luis Obispo 12.25, last season 22.40: I.os Angeles
6.91, last season 11. «7; San Diego 2.82, last season
10.16; Yon i .46. last ■ won 2.99.
'1 he following maximum temperatures are re
ported from ationa in California tiwlav: Eureka
— , Fresi 88 I.os Angele* 68. Ked Bluff 70, inde-
I"-t ,1 nee 62. -«an Diego (>(3. s ri Francisco 66, San
Luis Ohis;>o 70, V'uma 7s.
San Francisco data— Maximum temperature 66.
minimum 52, mean 59. Jtainfall for pas; 24 hours
.01 inch.
The pressure is highest thU evening in Utab,
with a swondary of high pressure central off the
Oregon and Washington coasts, und it is lowest
nort hof Montana. Partly cloudy and cooler weather
prevails throughout tbe greater portinu of Califor
nia and generally <loudy weather is"reported from
the n oiafninx region west of the Bocky Mountains.
phi Bhowers have occurred in Washington. Con
ditions are favorable lor generally fair w. airier in
the Pacific Coast states, with the exception of fog
at night aloru: the coast.
Forecast nade ai San Francisco; for 30 hours
ending midnight February 22, 1896.
Northern California— ■ -lerally Saturday, e.x
cept foggy at night along the coast: fresh northerly
winds, except risk to high northwest along the
nor: hi rn coast.
. Southern California — Fair .Saturday, except
cloudy along the coast Saturday morning: fresh
northwesterly winds.
Nevada, Utah and Arizona— Saturday; some
what cooler Saturday night.
San I ranciaco and vicinity— Fair, except clondy
and foggy Saturday morning and night; brisk to
high westerly winds in the afternoon.
W. H. Jlammox, Forecast Official.
NEW XUB& MARKETS.
Financial.
N>\v YORK. N. V.; Feb. 21.— Speculation at
the Stock ■ i bange opened firm with prices gen
erally fractionally higher. Subsequently specula
tors and others sol* on the theory that the Cuban
debate in the Senate yesterday- would check the
rising tendency to lead to lower prices. There
were also realizations by operators who make it. a
rule to close o'tit their contracts on the eve of a
holiday. The impression on values was slight out
side of Manhattan, Missouri Pacific and Baltimore
and Ohio, which ran o)T l&iy 2 per cent. The
other prominent issues yielded i/ B @s/ 8 , but in no :
case was there any great pressure io sell.
la the rnoon there was u decided change for
the better, forei^-n and local commission houses
having turned up as buyers of the grangers and
the standard sto:ks generally. The announcement
that the treasury gold reserve has reached f 106,
--000,000 and th< ease In money, time loans having
beeu offered at 4i percent for five to six months,
'■° con i ited to ine ■ rengUi ot the market late
In the ay. At this lime a number of the liEoini
nen! issa< - soid at the best prices of the day and
wee k .-t Panl advanced to 78%. liock Island to '
'*Vr< Lonisville and Nashville to 54, and North
west to 1053 .
In the InaoatrUls leather preferred was the
feature and rose from 633/ 8 to 66s/ 8 on covering of
short contracts. Chicago Gas was in better de
ma d on the application of the attorneys for the
companies for leave io tile a petition praying the
court to direct the Secretary of state to file the
consolidation ertifJcates. In the specialties Minne
apolis and St. Louis lirs: preferred jumped 2 lo *3
do seconds, 2Vi to 621,4 ; and Consolidated Oas!
JV2 to >58V 2 . Si..cii!ation closed tirm in tone.
Net changes show aiivancesof 14 to 3/i per cent
L. and .\. leading. Total sales were 170,200
Bonds were active and strong. The sales aggre
gated $2,656,000. Kansas I'acilic consol sixes
certificates rose n., to 77; do Denver division
sixes, IVfc to 109; h.rle funding fives certificates 1
to ,3: Oregon Narigation consol fives cer.ilicates
'_• to 90; nr>-KO!i short Line sixes, 1 to liii,'
Peona aua Eastern consul fours, 1 to 80- i Ittsburg
bhenandoah and Lake Krie tlves. 2V- to 85- Lake'
S-hore and Kast«na sixes, i:-^ to 44V,- st' Louis
and bout nwesiern 1 fints, ! to 67; St. I'aul first gold i
•evens, i% to 129; Lnion Pacific general lour
and a halfs rili.a-. -. 2i/ 2 to 54
(JovcriliiMm bonds ,*lao.OJo counon fours of
1925501dM 11 <3£(&11S; £51.000 registered fours
of 1907 at 109%; *15.000 coupon fives at 113^
«irain.
«, r 'mi T ?Tr Du y. lbar< lystead y- Oty Mill patents,
Wi 20i(£i 4h; Minnesota patents. S3 35(a»4 30
--others unchansed. southern flour— Dull un
rnanged. I'.ye flour— Quiet, steadv, «'.> 40(0,'J 85
UuckwheM flour, *1 25(g.l 35. * ° 3 '
BUCK \V EAT— i lc.
COKN MEA I,— unchanged.
HYE— Nominal.
BARLEY— Unchanged.
' BAKLKV MALT— Nominal.
\\ HI.A'l -Fairly active, closing firm. No. 2 red
Btoie and elevator. 78&78i,ic; afloat, bOVo®
BOSic: i. o. b., SOi j@Bic; UDSrilde<l red, Bb&B^c
>o. 1 Northern, " ■
■Options dull, Irregular, closing weak a' V«®»/.c
deoln* on easier cables; weak West and local re
alizlo(. May and July most active. No •_' red
February 72Vi@72» / ic; -May, 71V 8 c: June and
Ji-l v, ,l)-'^r. ' (
COKN-Dull, firm. No. 2, 363/ c elevator; 3734c
afloat. '*
Options were firm but dull at y»@Vic advance on
better West, foreign buying and local covering
May most active. February, 3t>»ic; Mav, 36i<i>e-
Julv, 37V8C. - ■-:■■:—-.:.• • '
OATS— Quiet, firmer.
Options uull, firmer. February. 253/ B c. ISpot
prices: N0.2.255/ @i;.'>7' 8 c; No. '2 white. 27c: .\ o 2
Chicago. 2b%c; .\ (1 . 3, 245.4rd.24%c: No. S white
•J3c:. mixed Western, 26<3i27c; white (State and
Western, 27@2BV^c.
FKEp— L'ncuaufe-ed.
, - I'ruvisions.
BKKF— Quiet; steady; unchanged.
BEEF. HAMS - $14 50® 15; tierce - beef,
dull, steady; city, extra. India mers, $16©16 50;
cut meats unchanged.
J.AKD— ; steadier. Western steam. S5 70;
city. .*5 75: May. $b 90. Beflned, quie:; continent,
f6; S. A., $6 25; compound, tf. ; 75.
J'OKK— Steady, quiet: newt, *10 25<g,10 76.
Ml'TTKl'.— Fancy, lirmer, fair demainl : state
dairy, P(a!l6c: do creEmerv held, 13@17Vac:
Western dairy, 9%@13c; do ' creamery. 13@21c:
do held, I8e;do factory, 8^.(3.12(5; Elglns, 21c:
Imitation creamery, ll@15c; roll*. H(g,lic. j
CHEESE— Faucy firm; tiuchanged. •- ••
TALLOW— steady; city, 3 13-16c; country, S^i
&-lc.
COTTONSEED OIL-^Firmer: crude. 2iy 2 @22c; I
prime vhlloiv. -.Tii <lo off grade, 20c.
iRESIN— More active; lirmer; strained, common j
to pood, si tiOraii 62V .
EGGS— Fatrdemand: unchanged.
TUKI'K.NTISK.- Quiet, steady; 29Vi@29%c.
POTATOES— Quiet; unchanged.
RICE-Unchanged.
MOLASSES— Firm: unchanged.
COi-FKl,— steady : sto 16 points down. March
$12 46: April, $12 10: May, *1) 86; July. $11 46;
August, $11: .September. $10 80: December, I
.$lO 80. Spot Klo dull, steady; No. 7, 13V4c.
SUGAR— Baw, Jlrm: fair retinins:, 3 ,4c; j
centrifugals, 96 test, 4y c. Refined, iirru, quiet, ;
unchanged.
Freights to Liverpool quiet, nominal, unchanged. !
SAN FKAS CISCO FRlir EXCHASGE. i
The following' resolution was unanimously :
adopted at a meeting of the board of directors of '■
the San Francisco Fruit Kxchanjje, held Febru- j
ary 1?:
Jictolved, That the board of directors of the San '
Francisco Fruit Exchange strongly recommend
that not only members,, but the trade ge&eral'y,
abide by the following methods as regards the
handling of California product h that may be in any
1 way considered perishable goods:
First— That all goods be Inspected before ship
ment, and inspector's certificate attached to bill '
of lading. [
Second— That no shipments be made from Cali
fornia to points south of the Tehachapi Mountains
and outside of California and Nevada, except with
sight draft attached to bill of lading.
Produce.
HOPS— DuII; unchanged.
>v'OOL— Firm; quiet; unchanged.
Merchandise.
PIO IRON— Quiet; unchanged.
COPPER-Strong. Lake. $10 76@11.
LEAD-Flrm. Domestic, $3 17V2@^ 20.
TIX-Steady. Straits, $13 25@1.s 30; plates, i
quiet.
SPELTER— Steady. Domestic, S4.
CHICAGO MARKETS.
CHICAGO, 1 .Feb. 21.— business in wheat
to-day was of a holiday kind, mostly covering up
by shorts and selling out by longs for the purpo3e
of cleaning up previous trades. Opening rrlces
were lower than the closing ones of yesterday in
this market. Liverpool has been going by contra
ries of late, advancing when we declined, and vice
verso. This morning's agreement with our weak
ness Impressed the trade here unfavorably. Dur-
Ing the morning there was a sharp recovery in j
prices, which was ascribed to liberal clearances at 1
New Y0rk— 252,000 bushels. ;
The total Atlantic se .board clearances amounted
to 408.079 bushels. Receipts were again moderate,
76 cars arriving at Chicago and 356 . in the North
west. Withdrawals from store amounted to 82,644 1
bushels. Closing Paris rubles .wen; lower, Berlin
higher and Antwerp unchanged. Before the close
prices sagged, apparently from lack of supj'ort. :
.May wheat opened at b-U'gc sold between i>s@
li') gC and G4l ; <jjc, c osing al 645/ g c— i.4@-i/ s c under
yesterday. Estimated receipts for to-morrow, 70
cars.
COKN— On the combined influence of easy wheat
values and large receipts, 382 cars, corn opened
easy, and through the llstlessness of trailers failed
to make any radical move Id either direction after
ward. Withdrawals from store were 219,£08
bushels. Liverpool cables were l |iiiet and steady.
Export clearances amounted to 278,792 bushels.
Prices iirmed with wheat later In the session,
holding the slight gain to the close. May corn
opened at 29 %c, advanced to and closed at 301 .
lVfec hlEher than yesterday. Estimated receipts I
for to-morrow 325 cars.
OATS— Were dull and inert. Whatever slow, !
dilatory action toos place could he ascribed to the
changes of wheat and corn. Receipts were ltttJ
cars, and 2200 bushels were taken from store.
May oats closed y g c higher. Estimated receipts
for to-morrow 232 cars.
FLAX — Was steady; cash, 91V2@92c; Slay, |
92fd,92i4c. Receipts were 21 car3.
PROV 1 SIONS— Were rather nrni. deriving their '
inspiration from a light run of hogs at the yards,
and a consequent s;rong market for them. May
pork closed a shade higher, May lard 2ya@sc
! higher, aud May ribs 2i^c higher.
Closing; Prices.
WHEAT— 62 Vic; May, 64S/ 8 c; July,
645/ @64«iC.
CORN— February, 28 1 4c; May, 30igC: July,
Sl%c
OaTS— February. 19y 2 c: May. 21@2iy 8 c: July,
211,3c
PORK-February, $9 87y 2 : May. $10 07y 2 ;
July, .*!0 221,2-
LARD— February. $5*5: May, $5 60: July, ',
$5 75.
RlßS— February. $5 10: May, $5 25; July,
«5 35.
There will be no session of the Chicago Board of
Trade to-morrow— Washington's binliday.
Livestock.
UNION STOCKYARDS, 111. Feb. 21.— There
was a steady market for cattle 10-day, there being ;
a fair demand, while offerings were moderate.
The receipts, of hogs were very light. The
buying was good, all classes of purchasers being !
represented. Prices advanced s@loc. Bheep .
were steady. Offerings were light and the de- • '
mand fair. '
CATTLE— Receipts, 4000. Fancy beeves, $4 40
Ccll 50; choice topnme, 1300 to 1700 pound steers. I
$4©4 35; good to choice steers. 1200 to 1600
pounds. .f3 7;ifai3 05; medium steers, 1160tol"00 j
pounds, $■< 503.M 70: common steers. 9.">0 to 1200
pounds, $3 JUia,3 50; feeders, 900 to 1200 pounds, , "
S3 50@3 85: stocKers. 600 to 900 pounds, $2 60
@3 50: bulls, choice to extra, $3(&3 &0: cows, poor i
to good canners, $1 5U@2 40; veal calves, good 1
to choice. $5 25@6 15; calves, common to good.
$3 05@3 10: Texas fed steers, *3 10(0.3 85; Texas
bulls, oxen and cows. $3 1 5(g,3 25.
HOGS— Receipts. 18,000. Heavy packing and
shipping lots. $3 95@4 20; common to choice ,
mixed, ?3 95@4 2'Ji : choice assorted, $4 15@ '
i 271/b; light, $3 95(0,4 27V 2 : uigs. 93 20@4 20. j >
SIIKKP- Receipts. 10,000. Inferior to cnoice, i 1
$2 5U(g,3 70; lambs, $3 25@4 60. ! -
DIN'S KKVIEW OF TKADK. |
NEW YOP.K, N. Y.. Feb. 21.-R. G. Dun vt Co. *
in their weekly review of trade will say to-morrow : ■
Liabilities in failures during the lirst two weeks of •
February were $7,680,393 against $5,550,986 last
year. Manufacturing liabilities were $1,163,986
against $1,192,319 last year, while trading were
■3,842,062 against 93,363,019 last year. <
Failures for the week have been 280 in the ,
rjnlted States against 302 last year, and 60 in
Canada against 36 last year.
Tne restoration oi the treasur3* reserve has been
effected with remarkably little monetary disturb
ances. The rapid rise In the price of bonds I i
strengthens public confidence. Prompt action of j
the House on the silver bill has helped to increase i '
foreign confidence in American securities. In no
important branch of business is there yet apparent j
much disposition to expand. Prices of commodi- j
ties as a whole are now at the lowest average ever !
known, though only one-half of 1 per cent below
the average al September 3, 1895.
Hides, leather and their nrbducts, textile goods I
and iron products have declined much since that I
date and meats are also lower. Receipts Oi wheat
continue heavy and depress the price, February
delivery, to 7234c, although what is nominally
called a cash price ■is 7V*c higher. Corn is lc
lower for cash. Western receipts having been
large. Cotton aealn declined i/ic with large realiz
ing, reported sales aggregating 1,000,000 bales lor
the week. Speculative estimates are persistently
repeated, hut receipts do not favor them, nor is
actual consumption encouraging as declining (
prices of goods show.
In almost all manufactured products decline con
tinues, though in some classes quotations are so I ;
irregular that the change cannot be accurately ' '
measure*. Bessemer plgiron and gray forge are a
shade lower at Pittsburg, and structural beams and
angles. have been reduced to secure business, but 1
new orders for products are comparatively small 1
and some furnaces In that region have been banked.
Textile manufacuir rs fail as yet to meet the ' 1
demand expected, and prices are generally weak, .:
open reductions averaging 2 per cent for cotton
goods and since January about 9 percent. Dress :
goods and blankets are in fair demand, but men's
woolens are inactive, and actual transactions are 1
in many cases 5 to 10 cents below open quota
tions. Sales of wool for the week weru 30 per cent
smaller than last year. Prices do not decline, as
the foreign market remains strong.
The volume of domestic trade reflected by clear
ings is 38.7 per cent larger than last year. Rail
road earnings in February thus far are 13.6 per
cent larger than last year. Stocks weakened until '
Thursday, but then advanced, and closed about
18 cents per share higher for railroads. .
Exports of products in two weeks of February
have been 7 per cent larger than last year. There
are prospects of Increase In grain, though cotton
bills are growing fewer. The . imports no longer
show the increase lormerly observed, but for two
weeks have, been 18.S percent larger than last
year. __
BANK CLEAKtSGS. .
NKW YORK, N. Y., Feb. 21.— Eank clearings
'totals at the principal cities for the week ended
February 21.' with comparisons, as telegraphed to
Bradstreel'a:
Percentage
Cities. ■ Amount. Inc. Dec.
New York ; g669.053.583 49 6 ......
Boston 83.505.510 15.0
Chicago... 84,574,933 ti.O j
Philadelphia 60,02^,024 0.l
St. Louis 22,462,635 8.2
l'ittsburc 13.775.674 95.8 ......
Cincinnati 10..542.052 15.3 ..
Baltimore,.. 14,11X708 29.3 ......
San Francisco 14,802,6'J4 2!«.3 . ....
KansasCity 8,936,574 10.8 .
New Orleans 9,950,62a 48.0 ... .
Louisville.... 5,547,4'>7 ...... 8.7
Detroit..... 6.694,171 8.1 ... .
Minneapolis 6.218.411 32.6 ....'..
C1eve1and.......... 6,340,542 31. ......
Providence 6.231.40U 10.3 ..... i
Mllwauicee . r O.:UT> 4.7
Jndiananolis. ......... 3,706,215 6.1 ... .
Buffalo "4,0^7.150 3.2 ... . I
St. Paul .. 4,636,485 15.1 ....; |
•0maha........ 3.956.406 10.6 .. 1
Denver 2,717,308 8.4 .;.... *
Los Angeles 1.029,402 2.3 ......
Portland. Or . 896.541 13.4 .. j
Tacoma 645,915 .. 15 3' '
5eatt1e....:............. 689,560 ... . 31.1 !
Spokane 417.940 ltt.4 .. |
Totals U. 8 $1.092,244, 548 31.0 ...... I
Outside of New York ■ •..,.■■
City: 423.190,965 9.8 \ j
MMIXIO.VOFCAXAIIA. i
Montreal.... $8,948,743 ...... 6.6 1
T0r0ut0....:.. 6,818,hJ3 37.6 ...... :
Halifax ■ 1.263.549 £0.6 ......
Winnipeg . 9 5,583 35.9 ...
Hamilton 625.743 8.6
Totals ...'. $18,592,411 10.7 ....... 1
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 22, 1896.
SEW YORK STOCKS.
Bonds, Exchange, Money and Railroad
Shares.
Money on call has - been easy at S@4%: last
loan at 3X, and closing offered at 3v. Prime mer
cantile paper, 6@7%. Bar silver, 8734c. . Mexican
dollars, 64@5.5c bterling exchangH easy, with
eciual bueiuess in bankers' bills at 94 86Vk@4 B<3y 2
for sixty days and $i 87Vi@4 87»i for demand.
Posted rates, $4 87(<ji4 88V 2 . Commercial bills,
84 r-.Vjjc.i Ml Government ■ bonds firm; State
bonds quiet; railroad bonds strong. Silver at ihe
board was higher.
oonm KTocitn.
Am Tel & Cable.... P2 1 Norfolk A Wef... 2t/ 8
Atchlson 17% Preferred 9i,
Preierred ..... 2H;- .North American... t>y
Ai'.mr.s I.xpress...l4B : .Northern Pacittc. 4-Vs
Alton.Terrellaute. 58 Preferred... i- /B
American Express.llo Nortnwestern l u <»
American Tobacco. SlVi! Treierred 145 !
Preferred. 102 l N. Y. Central JK-'ii
BayStateUas JBV2 N. Y. ChlcasoAS.li -14
liaitlmore <Jt Ohio.. 30 Ist preferred..... t>s
BrunswicK Lands.. 4i I'd preferred -»»^4
Buffalo, Roch dt P. 10y 3 !N. Y. N. H 188
Canada l'acitic.... °7 N. Y.*New Ens. 46
Canada Southern.. 50i/ N. Y. Susq & \V... 9-%.
Canton Land 607 /8; Preferred. -.SVs
Central Jt'acitlo 15»/-i!Oiitario IOV2
(•lies. Ohio. 17- r > Ontario Western. 16^4
Chlcrvgo Alton 16ftJ,«Ol«gon improvmU - :.
Prererrea J 7O j Preferred
Chicago, a. <S Q.... MJVi Oregon Navigation. 11
CliicaKO d£ E. 111... 43 iUreton tihorl Line. "s
Preferred !•'■• U'acinc Mall 29V2
Cblcagouas l'tona. D.it Evans. 3l /S
Cleve Pittsburg. 100 Pittsburg & W pfd. 17
Consolidation Coal. 30 Pullman Palace... 1 59 J/ 2
Consolidated Gas.. 158 Quicksilver IV2
C. C. C. itSt. Louis. HBV4 Preferred 15i /a
I'referreu 89V2 Reaaing j; ? l /2
Colo. Fuel <fc Iron.. 335. b RioOrande&Weata 16
Preferred ...-• 94 • I'roferred 44
Cotton Oil Cert.... 17 /s Rock Island. 73^4
Commercial Cable. lss KomeWat <fcOEd«nllsy 3
Del. Hudson 128V 2 St. L. «fe S. \V 6V«
Del.LackitWesternlHiy a Preferred l'-'"'B
Denver R. U-.... 13% 6t. Paul 783^
Preferred 48%' Preferred H9 : i
DlßtUlers 18y 2 Bt. Paul & Duluta- 27
General Klectnc... 31K' 8 Preferred.... 90
Erie 17i/ 8 8t. Paul & Omaha- 41
Preferred asi. Preferred 122
Fort Wayne 162 jet. P. M. & M......109
UreatNortbernpfd.llo f-llver Certincat-is.. 6Hr./ 3
Green Bay iA southern Paclllc. l!0
Harlem. 29a soutnern it. R 10y a
Hockluz Coal s 1 Preferred. 32 4
Hocking Valley.... 17 fcucar Rerinery..,.ll6S/ 4
Homestake 30 | Preferred 100V 2
H.<£ Texas Cent IVs Tenn. Coal «fc Iron. 33 i 8
Illinois Central.... 9tii/ 4 : I'referred 100
lewa Central 9 iTexas I'Bciflc 8%
Preferred SSl^ ToI.A.A.A N.Micu.
Kansas A Texas. ._ 13v 4 'J 01. <t Ohio Cen.... '■ 0
I'referred S«i /4 | Preferred 66
Kingston t Pem... 3 j 1 ol. Louis* K.C. 0
i.eke Erie «t Westa -li4 : Preterred .. 12
Preferred 74 j I nion Pacific «i/i
LaKe Shore 143XJU. P.. Den. A Uult. t-i/i
National Lead 27 [.' .S. Cordaijo ...... 6i /a
I'referred 88 ' I'referred 11
Long Islana B.' | Guaranteed 21
Louisville A. Nash. &37/ 8 U. S. Express • 43
Louisville Na&CU. 9 .« /4 U . S. Leather 107/ 8
I'referred 24 i Preferred 877,. s
Manhattan C0n50i.1057.-^ u. s. Ruober ~ aS
Mempnis <fc Charls. 16 1 Preferred H5
Mexican Central... J 1 5/ 8 Utlca «t B. River.. l6l
Michigan Central.. 94y a VVab. S. L. & Pac. 7y a
Minn «fc S. L..., — I Preferred 19
Preferred. — (Wells-Farco i>B
Minn. >t St. L com. 21>/2 Western Union.... 86
Ist preferred 81 |W)s Central 4
2d preferred M ' \\ heelins &L. H.. ll^/s
Micsourl Pacific.... 2^l/^! Preferred 38 4
Mobile & Ohio L'3 Am Cotton Oil Did. t»7i/2
Kashville Chatt.... i>s W U Beef 98/
National Linseed.. IK '/oil, I Traction- ...... 21i/ a
N.J. Central 108 l.\un Arbor 11 '
«!' ' ' v 'i BONnH.
UP4«,W 109s;iM KT2ds.... , 821/4,
To, 4» coupon...: 091 8 ! Do, 4s. ' .. Sell
V 4s new reg lli^iMntual Union 65... 116
Do, 4s coupon. ..1127' 8 N J Cent Gen 65.. 11H
I>o. 2s 95 Northern Pac lsts,ll6«A
Do, 6s ll.si Do, 2ds 114i
Do. 5s coupon.... llii^ 1 Do, Sfls. . .. 78 '
Cherokee 4s. 1896. 100 Nonnwest ConVoVi 3 39
Do. 1897 100 Do, deb Bs.. . 1091A
D0.1598 100 ORANlsts 110
Do. 1899 l'O BiLAlronMtOen'Hs 80
Pacific 6s of '85.... St LA SF G«n 6». lotj-i
D.CB-6 5s 110 St Paul Consols 137
Ala Class A 4... . 108 St. p. C. &Pa Ists.llsy
Do. Class 84, ss. 1 08 | Do. i'ac Cal ists.. 111
LaConsol4s. 99 Southern K. R. 3s 935/ a
Missouri fundinic : Texas I'aclflc ilrats 88
N Carolina con 65.. 12 Texas I'ac seconds. 23V*
•fo. *s 103V2 Inionl'ac lstof'St}. l()_'i..
Po Carolina 4V 5...106 West Shore 4s 106
lennnewss ,s 8 Mobile A Ohio 4s. 08i/«
\ a funding debt... 62 1 u GranceWest Ists 77
»°> J e f ChesA Oss 108U,
Do. deferred 63... 6 Vi Atchison 4s 7H "
Do. trust rents st 6^ Do. 2ds A .. -'7i,
Canada South 2ds.. 10/ GHA S A 65.. 105
ten Pac lsts of '9s 101 i Do. 2d 7s 101
Den& K G Ist 113i^n ATex Ceni6;:.los
P 1 ' 0 ;, 9 * J"y 3 ! Do.con«s 10/S
Erieada 75 Readin?4s 79
Ivansas Pa Consols 76 V 2 Missouri tit 1110
kiPu l«t 8 Den dlvlOBS/ l
FOREIGM MAKKETS.
■WHEAT IN I.IVF.RPOOI*
LIVERPOOL, Exo., Feb. 21— the spot market
is dull at 5s 7Vi@ss 9d. Cargoes are steady at 28s
6d arrived.
FUTDRE3.
The Produce Exchange cable gives the following
Liverpool quotations for No. 2 Ked Winter- Feb
ruary, 5s 6i*d; March, 5s 6i,id; April, ss'6ii,d-
May, 5s 2 d; June, 5s 6?id.
BKciTKjTiEs.
LONDON, Exo.. Feb. 21—Consols. 10»s a n
ver, 31d; French Rentes, 102f 00c
THE WEEK'S FAILURES.
The Bradstreet Mercantile Agency reports 16
failures in the Pacific Coast States and Territories
for tneAveek. ending yesterday as compared with 28
for the previous week and 21 for the corresponding
weeK 01 1895. The failures for the past weeK are
divided among the trades as follows: 1 d.alry prod
uce, 1 orick. 1 glove manufacturer, 1 variety, 1
drugs, 1 dry goods, 3 ceneral stores, Lblacksmith.
1 teaming and contractor, 1 fruit-grower, 2 liquors,
1 Hourmlll and 1 hop-crower.
FOKKIGN IMPORTS.
Imports of foreign merchandise In January were
$3,416,300, against $3,296,000 in January, 1895,
showing a slight gain for this year.
SPECIE IMPORTS.
Imports of specie at this port In January were
$218,500, against $178,800 in January, 1895. Of
last month's imports $199,388 was from Mexico.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days. _ $4 BG»yi
Sterling Excnange, sight _ 4 88
sterling Cables ; _ 4 881/
New York Exchange, sight — Par
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — par
Fine Silver, ounce — 67 /i
Mexican Dollars '. 63% 641/4"
<»•
PEODUOE MAEKET.
WHEAT AND OTHBIt GUAIN9.
WIIEAT— To-day being a legal holiday the Pro
duce Kxchanpe will not be In session.
The market continues weak a*id very dull. No.
1. $1 V±y* %* cti; choice. $1 13%; lower grades,
f 1 l)5@l 10; extra choice for milling,? 1 20(g,l 25.
CAI.I. BOARD XAI.ES,.
Informal session —10 o'clock — May 1200
tons, $1 13\4. December-} OOO. $1 13*4", 100,
$1 l 33/ 8 .
Kkgi-ub Morning Session— December— l7oo
tons, si 13i/ 8 ; ViOO. $1 13. May-200, $1 13V 8 ;
300. ¥1 13. . • /8>
Aftkrnoon Session— May— «oo tons, $1 13.
December— 3oo, $1 13l/ 8 ; 1300, $1 13.
HAKLKY- Ea-jy and quiet. Feed, 67i/s@7oc ?";
ctl; choice, 71V*c; Brewing, 76@82V£c.
CALL HOARD SAI.KS.
Informal Sksbion— o'clock— No sales.
Regular Mornino Skssjon— No sales. ■
Aft-rxoon session— May— 3oo tons, 73Voc
-300, 73%c.
ATS— bales are slow and buyers exact conces
sions. Milling are quotablo at 72i/ @Boe ctl ;
fancy Feed, 80@85c %i ctl; good to choice, 72V 2
@80c; common to fair, t>7y 2 <S7oc; Gray, 72i/ fo>
8()c; Ke<l, lor peed, $lfa;l 05; Black, for seed
90c(a?l 20: Hurprlse, 90c@$l.
COHN— Yellow and White continue to
pour in, but Small Kound Yellow is not overplenti
ful. The market continues very dull. .Large Vel
low, 90c %l ell; Small Hound do, 95c@*l; White,
80c.
KYK— lnactive at 80@833,4
BUCKWUPJAT-Quoied lit Sl@l 25 H cU.
FLOUR AN IV MII.r,STUFFS.
FLOUH— Net cash prices are: Family extras,
90®4 %i bbl; Bakers' extras, 53 80(Si3 90; su
perHne, $2 75@2 85 t bbl. *
CORNMEAI,. KTC— Feed Corn, »20 Bo@2l-
Cracked < oin. $21@21 50 ¥* ton. '
.MILI.STI FKs— i'rices in lu-tb sacks ara as fol
lows, usual discount to tho trade: Uraham Flour,
3 /ic; Rye Flour, 3Vic; nice Flour, "Voc; Coru
meal, t /i@3c; extra cream do, 3y 2 c;"tJatmeal,
/4 c; Oat (iroats. 4%c; liomlny, 4@4lac; Buck
wheat Flour, 4c: Cracked Wheat, 3y 2 c: Farina.
41/^c; whole Wheat Flour, 3c; Itolled oats. 4y 2 c-
IVuri Barley, 4i/ 3 c; Split I'eas, 4%0; Ureea no'
6y 4 Cfitti. . : .. ■ •
HAV AND FEEDSTUFFB.
BRAN— Weak at $12 50@14 IS ton, Jobbing rates.
MIDDLINGS— Are weak at $16@17 for lower
grade* up to 1» 60 %* ton for the best.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley, $16@17 ■$ ton-
Oilcake Meal at the mill, »21 i* ton; jobbing,
«21 50: Cottonseed Oilcake. *21.
11 AY— -The weather having cleared off without
the expected rain the market is steady. Kuin
Reems to be needed again. Wheat is quotable at
$Bfg)]2 f. ton; Oat, $8@B; Wheat and Oat, $8®
11; Barley, $7(g;9; Alfalfa, $7@9: Clover. f«@B 60;
Compressed, $7(ei>lo 60; Stock, 96@7 %>> ton.
bTRA W— 36(g,BOc %t bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
BEANS— Weak and i neglected at the reduced
prices.' Uayos ' are quotao:e at .sl(ai 10 p
ctl: Small Whites, $1 25@1 60 * ctl : Pea, $1 40
t&l 60 '& ctl; Large 1 Whites, fl 10@l 20; I'ink
"Joc@!{>l 10; Reds, SI 30@l 60: Blackeye, nominal;
Red Kidney, 81 60@l 65; LJmas, t'i 26(ai2 66;
Hatters. $1 50@l 66 %4 ctl.
SJ-.KDS— Brown Must»rd is quotable at $1 95
@2 05 '$ ctl : Trieste, *2@2 'M ■# ctl; Yellow Mus
tard, $1 40@l 60; Flax, *1 70@l 75; Canary, 3Vi
@3V ? c* lb: Alfalfa B@7c tb; Rape, l'/if^H
lb; Hemp, 4c?* lb.
DRIED PKAS— $1 25@1 4-0 '# cil for Niles
*1 26@1 45 for Green.
POTATOES, ONIONS, VEGETABLES.
POTATOKS-New Potatoes, 3<sn4cf»lb; Stock
ton Sweets, $1 60; Merced Sweets, ?2 %* ctl: Sa
linas Burbanks. 60@9dc "$ ctl: Klver Burbanks,
:-!or<£4sc %i sk; Oregon Burbanks, 36@60c; Oreeon
Gurnet Chi:<. s . 6O@b3c- niver Reds, 60(g)60c V ctl:
Early. Rose, 50(a60c: Feuilumas aud Tomaies, 35
@46c. .
■~ ONIONS— Choice are well hold. Good to choice,
70fa85c ctl; Cut Onions, 40(g;65c; Oregon. $1@
1 3B Vctt: Nevada, »1 io«sl 15 'f cU.
VEGETABLES— Arrivals were 60 boxes Aspara
gus un<i i)« boxes Rhubarb.
- Asparaeus arid Rhubarb were both lower under
the increased receipts. Tomatoes were also down,
owing io the presence of tiie Mexican goods. Peas
did better. Mexican Tomatoes, $1 75 %4 bx. Cucum
ber* are quotable at 7. r >c<a,sl M> doz: Asparagus,
8(g,13c yi it, for ordinary imd 14@15c for choice:
Khuburb, 6<a:7c T» tb: Mushrooms. B@l6c f* lb;
Dried . Peppers, B@lloc irt lb; Green Peppers,
Joe %i tt,; l,os Angeles Tomatoes, 50c@$l 50 V bx:
Green Peas. 2@sc ior Los Angeles tmd H@6y 2 c ~$
Ib for Bayj String Beans. J2(oslsc 1* lb; Dried okra,
l/%0! Cabbage, 41)@50c y. ctl; Garlic, 4@sc V* lb;
Marrowfat Squash, $16®20 «* ton.
IJLTTKK, CHEESE ANI> EGGS.
BUTTER— I'rlces are lower all around and the
market is weak at the decline.
cukamkky — Fancy. 27@U7%c-^ lb; special
brands go hteher; seconds, i.6@26C %» tb.
Dairy— Fancy, 25c;~ good io choice, 23@24c:
lower grades, 2i(q;2vi
Kastkkx— I-adle-packed, I4@l£cl» lb.
CHICEsE— Continues scarce and lirru. Fancy
mild new is quotunlcat 12%@18c lb: common
to good, lo@l2c ?> lb; Cream Cheddar, 12®13c
%| lb; Younj,- America, 12'd)13c; Western, li:y 3 ®
13c; Kastern, 13@14c.
EGGS— There was another decline yesterday and
the market was well stocked nnd weak. Oregon
■fcggs, 12@l2Vac; Store Egzs. 12@13c; ranch Eggs,
14®16c.^ dozen.
I'OLLTRV AND GA3IE.
POTJ I/TRY— only change of any consequence
is an advance In young Boosters, which are scarce,
liens and old boosters are in heavy supply and
weak.
Live Turkeys, 10@llc lb for Gobblers and ll@l2c
for Hens: Dressed Turkeys, 10®14c; Geese •£
pair. SI 50(4)1 75: Ducks. $4 50<c<,6 for old and $6
(a.7 for youn;; liens, $3 60&4 50 ij* doz: Roosters,
young, *6ta!7: do. old, $3 50®4: Fryers, $5®
Us Broilers. $4 6»r«j.5 for large and $3 50@4 for
nn\all; Plgeuns. $2@2 25 f». doz for young and
$1 25@1 60 for old.
G A K— The market Is demoralized. Gray Geese
sold at 60<@$l 25; White Geese and HrHin, 60c:
Honkers. $;■(; Hare. 50@75c: Kabbits, $I@l 26 for
Cottontails and 75c $* doz for small. '
DECIDUOUS AM> OITBUS FRUITS.
APPLES— BSc@?I %S box for good to choice, SO
@75c for common to fair aim 51 25@1 50 for fancy.
CITRUS PRTJITS-OrangesJare weak, dull and
in heavy supply at 76c@$l for Seedlmgs and
$1 75®2, 75 for Navels: lrozen stock goes down to
nothing; Lemons, $I@l 50 for common and $2(£fl
2 50 for good to choice: Mexican Limes. $5@5 50:
California l.imes. 65® 86c; Bananas, $1 26®2 60 '#1
bunch; Pineapples, *2(<is "f do-/ei>,
DRUSD FKLITS, RAISiNS, NUTS, ETC.
DBIED FRUITS— No demand whatever for any
description. Important advice to growers and
shippers appears elsewhere on this page. The rail
road company has made a rate of $1 on Prunes to
London good until March 1. The following prices
rule on the Fruit Exchange:
Carload Apples. 2y 2 @3c'"£ tb for quar
tered. 3(£BVhC It, lor sliced and 4V c %t tb for
evaporated; i'eaches, 3 J /a®4c V- ll> oii'i 6iA(q)6c
lor fancy; peeled in boxes. 12c: A|)rlcots, fyj((s
H~'^c for prime to choice. SVic for fancy and lG®
lie 1^ lb for fancv Moorpark: Kigs. black. 2i^c
for unpressed: While Figs, 4@sc in sacks; Pears,
7c V, lb ior evatx>rated halves. 4(ij6y 2 c %l lb for
j quarters; Prunes. 3%c: Plums, 4c %» tb for pi
! ted and li/i@2i,-2c for nnpitted; Nectarines, s(<j)t>c
%* tb for prime 10 choice and &V?c for fancy.
Johhixo — Apples, 4((£4i/oc: Peaches. S@
4c and 5c for taucy; ]>eeled, In oies, 10{g*12V2c;
I'mnes, 4c for thfc four sizes. t!c f4 tb for 40@60's
aud 6c for 60@(i0'9; Apricots. «j<^9y 2 c tor prime to
choice and lu@llc for lancy "Moorpark: Pigs,
black. •_'i 4 (a;2»ic: White Figs, 3<asc; Pears. ti' .c
for evaporated halves and 3®sV?c for quarters;
Plums, 3J,<.(g;4c tor pitted and Ud.H.jc lor un
pitted: Nectarines. 4^.5c "p tl> for prime 10 choice. I
Raisins ANI) DKIED OKAI'Es- Prices are as !
follows, carload lot", f. o. b. San Francisco: Lon
don layers, tjs@9oc f< box; four-crown, loose, 3H/4C
"<f> tb; three-crown. ioo*e, 2V4c lb; two-crown,
Vc: seedless Sultanas, 334@4c: seealess Muscatels,
2i/2@2*4C: three crow London layers. 70c: clus
ters, $1 35@1 60: Dehesa r lusters, $2 10@2 25:
Imperial clusters, $2 60^76; Dried Grapes, 21/2C
r tt>-
Jorrino Pricks — Four-crown loose, 3c; 3
crown, 2'/4(a,2y 2 c: 2-crown, l&4@2c; seedless Sui
tanns. 3^i^<4c: see-lli ss Muscatels, 2V>c: 3-crown
London layers, 85c@$l; clusters, *1 40(gil'60;
Dehesa clusters, $2 26; Imperial clusters, $2 75;
Dried (> rapes, 2J/i>c.
NUTS— Chestnuts. 6@Bc '^ lb; Walnuts. 7®Bc
tb for No. 1 hard and t'iaf)i/ for sottshell, job
hinclots; Almonds, »5(a)7VjC tor Languedoc ami
»y2@loc for paper-shell. Jobbing: Peanuts, s@oc
for i-.astern aid 3V-2@4V2<: for California; Hickory
Nuts. s@6c; Pecans. 6c ior rough and 8c for pol
ished; Filberts, B®9c: Brazil .Nuts, 7Va®Bc t* lb;
Cocoanuts. $1 60@5 ~? 100.
HONEY— Comb is quotable at 10@12c H lb
for bright and B@9c ft lb for lower grades; wnt«r
whlte extracted, 5@5V!'C ~? tb; light amber ex
tracted. 4Ki(<£4 : dark amber, 4c; dark, 2@3c
BEESWAX— %^4@^7c f< tb.
PROVISIONS.
CURED MKATs— Bacon and I>ard are
firm and tending upward. Bacon, 6V»c for heavy,
7y c forllght medium. 9V»<- for light. lOi^c for
extra li^ht and 12%c for sugar-cured; Eastern
Snttar-curea Hams, ll^c; California Hams,
lO.^lOVac; .Mess Ueef, $8 fi bbl; extra mess uo,
S8 50; family do. $10; extra prime fork, $tf & bbl ;
extra ciear. *1K "g bbl; mess. 14 f* bbl; Smoked
i:.-ef, 10®10y 3 c W tb.
LARD— Eastern, tierces, Is quotable at 6y 3 c
Jb for comi.ounu and 8c for pure; palls, BV2C: Cali
fornia tierces, 6c for compound aud 6V2C lor pure;
balf-bbls, 634c: 10-lb tins. 7'ic; do 61b, 73 c iS tb.
COTTOLENE— 7V*c in tierces aud 8c f* 0, lu 10
--lb tins. ;.-.,••: -r--! ;.•..•-.;; •
HIDES, TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPS.
HIDES AND SKINS-Heavy salted steers, 7c
H* tb: culls and brands. 6c '<£>, tb; medium, 6c: culls
and brands. sc; light, 6c; culls and brands, 4c: Cow
hides. o@sy a c: culls and brands, 4@4V2C; salted
Kid. 5c i? n>; salted Calf, 8c "& lb; salted Veal.
6c; ary Hides, 10(5Sllc; culls and brands, 7@7%c;
dry Kin and Veal, »c: culls. 6i/>@7c: dry Calf,
16c: culls, 10c; Goatskins, 20<&350 each: Kids, 61;;
Deerskins, good summer, 25(530c: medium. 18(^
25c; winter, 10c; Sheepskins, shearlings. 10r<« i
16ce»<-h; short wool, 20@35c each: medium. 40
@50c each : long wool, 6bc each. Culls of all kinds
about y 2 cless.
TALLOW-No. 1, rendered, 3y 2 @4c; No. 2, 3c;
reflned. S&4c; Grease, 2Uo V tb. .
WOOL— We quote Fall as follows: Kastern Ore
gon, y@llc > m; San Joaquin and Southern, 3@
60; Nevada, 9c "fi lb.
HOPS— 3@6c $ lb. No business whatever.
GKNERAX 3IEKCIIANDISE.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags, .Tune-July delivery,
*4 12y 2 @4 25; San auentiu, $4 20; Wool Bags,
24@2Gc '':';
COAL— Harrison's circular sa ys: "During the
week there have been live arrivals from the Coast
collieries with lv,o4tt tons: nothiDg from any for
eign port. The light arrivals have not affected
quotations, which remain unchanged. Business
generally in this line is very dull, and jobbers and
retailers are complaining of lack of orders. Since
the weather moderated the demand ior house uses
has diminished and will remain light unt.l ruin sets
in again. The total amount of foreign Coal to ar
rive here in the next 30 davs does not exceed 20,
--000 tons, hence prices for steam grades should be
strongly maintained. The stock on hand Is not
large, and not more than sulliclent to meet current
requirements, excepting Swansea Anthracite of
which a liberal supply is here in yard, but as the
total quantity which I can possibly arrive here in
the next live months does not exceed 30,000 tons,
indications point 10 11 possible shortage of Welsh
Anthracite in Mav or June next." Wellington. $8:
New Wellington. $8; Southflold Wellington. $7 60
1» t««n: Seattle, ,f5(a,5 50: Bryant, $5 50: Coos Bay,
$4 60; Wallsend. $6 50: Scotch, $7 50: Hrvmbo,
«7 50: Cumberland, $13 50 in bulk and $15 in sks:
-Pennsylvania Anthracite Kgg, $13: Welsh An
thracite Egg, ; Cannel.sß; itock Springs, Castle
Gate and Pleasant Valley, $7 60; Coke, $10 60 in
bulk and $12 50 fl ton in sacks.
RICE-Chlnese mixed, $3 2R@3 45: No. 1, .$3 55
@3 75 ctl; extra. No. 1,53 90@4 10; Hawaiian,
S3 50; Japan, $3 65@4 12 V3: Rangoon, $3 10
bUOAR— The Western Sugar Refinery Company
quotes, terms, net cash: Cube, Crushea, Powdered
and Fine Crushed all tic; Dry Granulated, 5»/ c;
Confectioners' A, 51/4C: Magnolia A, 43-ic: Extra
0. 4.%c: Golden C, 4 y c; half-barrels, 14c uiore
than barrels, and boxes ' -c. more. ■
SYRUP— Golden, in bbla, 15c; Black Strap, 10c
iPgaL •:■;:■-.';>
SAN FRANCISCO MKAT MARKET.
Lrmb is lower. The top quotation for Mutton is
shaded Vac. No chnng': In Beef. Pork is firm.
holesale rates for aressed stock from slaugh
terers areas follows:
BKKF— First quality, 6y c; second ' quality,
4V2@sc: third do. HVifd>4c %>. • tb. -' . ;
VKA1 — Large, 6@t>c; small. 6(q*7c '#, lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. 6@t>V2c: Ewes, 6c tb.
LAMB— Spring Lamb, 10@12y : yearlings, 7@Bc
V> tb. • .
I'ORK— Live Hogs, 4f<B4Vio for large and 4Vi@
4S/sc for small : dressed do, S@«V4C 3 tb. '
RECEIPTS OF INTEKIOB PKODUCE.
FOR 24 HOtTRS.
Floor, qr. sks 9,BloiWlne, gals. ....... 65.650
Wheat, ctls 8,325 Butter, ells. 313
Barley, ctU 8.955 Cheese, ct15......;. 52
Oats, ctis 640 Eggs. d0z.... 14,130
Corn, ctls I.o76iQuicksilver, nasts 194
Nebraska... 1,250 Lime, bbls 2t>2
Potatoes, bus. 1,841 Lumber. M.feet... . 20
Onions, ska 282 ! Paper, reams 1,400
Hrun, »1C8.... 678 Ta110w. Ct15..... .~.i. 46
Hay. tons.... 312; Leather. rolli...... . 131
Middhnes, sics..... 21 Powder, cases 122
Hldes.no Kaisins. bxs. 1,665
Pelts, bd15..... 2^6 :.:'--■
FAMILY RETAIL : MARKET.
Butter and Eggs are cheaper and the latter are
plentiful. I Cheese Is scarce and rather dearer. E
Coos Bay Coal is lower. Young Poultry Is dearer.
Turkeys are cheaper." Fish shows no change. . ■ ■
-' ne Summer Vegetables are In larger supply and
Following Is Thb Call's . regular weekly retail
price list: , : --' . . .•.,. .
COAI/ — TON.
Cannel...... @10 00 PleasantVal 9 50@10 00
Wellington. — @10 00 Southfleld
New Wei- > I Wellington — @ 950
'. lington.... — @1000 Scotch <g> 9 50
Seattle...... 7 00@ 7 50 Coos Bay... 6 50® —
Castle Gate. 9 50(g.l 0 00|
;J BAIBY PKODUCE, ETC.
Butter, fancy, %*, ! Cheese, Kastern.. .IB@2O
square.... 55(^60 Cheese, Swiss .... 20f<630
do, r f* roll 55fg) — Common 15(&j —
do. choice 50© — RanchKggs%idzl7y:»(a2n
Ordinary ao 46(ai— Honey, comb, j)1b.12W15
Cheese, Cal 15®17 do, extracted . S@l2
MEATS— PEB POUXP. '
Bacon..; 10®17 1 Pork, fre5h.. ...... 12@15
Beef, choice 12<SLl5'Porfc, salt 12@15
do, good 8(ilO Pork Chops .. 12@1B
Corned 8eef....... 8@ — Round Steak BtelO
Ham, Cal 13Ca)15 Sirloin Bteak 12 y @ —
do, Eastern 15(a, — Porterhouse, d0... 17<g.20
Lard 12fq>15 Smoked 8eef...... (a 15
button 10(^12 1 Pork Sausages.... — to2o
Lamb , 12&115 Veal 10(8)15
spriuii Lamb. .... .15@20
POULTRY AS-n OAMK,
Hens.each 50® 60 Turkeys, t 4 lb.. 15® 16
Young. Roost- iDucks, each... 75fa> 85 j
ers, each «0@ 75Geese, each....l 50<e«l 75
Old Roosters, I Pigeons, fl pr.. 50® 65
<' ll( -I 40® 60 { Rabbits, pr.. 35® 40
Fryers, each... 50® 6Mlare, each 15(ai 20
Broilers, each.. 40® 50\Vild Geese, ea 2l)@ 25
KRIITS AND NUTS/
Almonds, lb 12@15|Limes, V doz 10(S15
Apples, y, Ib s(<i 6(iranges, f, doz 10rd125
Bananas, %t doz... 15@2l»! I'ears, " r ' lb — (olio
cocoauuts, each...lO®l2|Raisln3, r 1 tb s<a)ls
Cranberries, "#' qt.. 10(0)12 Walnuts, %i lb 15@ —
.Lemons, e4 doz 15@20
VKGKTABLKS.
Asparagus, IS lb...ls@2o,Mushrooras, I* tb..15@30
*Artichoke.s,^>doz..4o@6o{Mr*fat Squash,^ lb 6(«) —
Beets, doz Onions, r". lb .. . 2® 3
Beans.white »tt>.2%@ 5 Peppers, green.'^tb — ®20
Colored. S 1b...2y 2 ® s Parsnips, « a0z....15@20
Lima. •$ lb.. 4(a, 6 Potatoes, '|H lb . .. 2(a> 3
Cabbage, each sia:lo. do. Sweet. it* tb.. 4io> 5
Cauliflowers, each. s(ni 8 Rhubarb, f< 1b. . . .10®12
Celery, %4 bunch... s®— Uadislies.'^dzbchs.
Cress,3>,dzbunchs.2o@26Sage, t' lb 2&@86
Garlic, f, tb 6faj 8 String Be;\ns, '& n..2o(<s —
Green Peas, fi lb.. 6(cplO Thyme, V lb.. .. 20@30
Lentils, f» tb.. «® Turnips, $ d0z....15@20
Lettuce, doz....ls®2o;Tomatoes, p 1b....10@1a
FISH— PKR PfIDXD.
Barracuda — fd) (Shad 12(51 -
c . a 7,V-- B@l«Seaßaßs I2l
\_, O(!nsn 12Q— Smelts 15@20
1-lounders 10(aU2 Soles 10(5.12
Halibut.. lOfall Skates, each 10(o)15
" errl »S 6@ 8 Sturgeon -@15
Ivingfisli — «sl2)Tomcod 15@20
Mackerel.... _ r<L -Clams, y>, gal _®15
Horse -(o> -|Do, hardshell,
1erch...............i0<vi>12, ]()0 50® —
.1 omoano -<a -Crabs, each 13@1S
Kockflsb 15ia20 Do. softshell, 9 dz.'25@35
Salmon, smoked... 2o® - Mussels, $! qrt.. . 10®15
BUmon, fresli 20 Oysters, fal.p- 100.60® —
Shrimps BCO.IO Eastern, %» dz.25®35
REAL ESTATE TEANSAOTIONS.
Mary M. McDonald to James F. McCone, lot on
i.,]v" 1 -o 0 , f Sutler street, 110 Kof Polk, £ 50 by N
Edward B. Haldan to Nicholas Van Bergen
(trustee for Eva R. Herold), undivided one-sixth
of lot on K line of Van Ness avenue. 60 S of Sacra
mento street, S 31 :6 by E 137:6: gift.
P. W. and Helena A. Selby to Kmilia de Urioste,
lot on N hue of .lackson strt et, 137:6 W of uougb,
W 68:9 by N 117:10V 2 ; $10.
London and San Francisco Bank, limited (by A.
Scrivener, attorney) to same, same; $10.
John and Catherine Donnelly to Ella M. Don
nelly, lot on E tine of Stelaer street, 110 N of
Kddy, N 27:6 by E 110; gift.
Snmnel H. Brodie (by Daniel Rogers, attorney)
to William K. Murphy, re-record 1557. deed 135,
of lot on s line of Hayes street, 106:3 F. of Steiner,
E 25 by 8 137:6; $10.
William K: Murphy to George nildebrant, same,
subject to deed of trust; $10.
l'»cific Improvement Company to Delia Corbett.
lot on SK line of Stevenson street, 75 NEof
Crocker, NK 25 by SK 62:6: $10.
H. M. A. Milier and John I). McKee to R. 11.
Cowan, lot on W line of Harrison street, 155 N of
Twenty-seiond, N 30 by W 245; ¥5. ■
F. F. and Anna S. Ralston to James B. Brooks,
lot on 8 line of Jersey street, 220 E of Douglass, E
20 by 8 114; $10.
Lester Herrick to Charles H. Chambers, lot on S
line of Day street, 305 W of Douglass, W 100 by S
j 114; $10.
Catterlna Munch to Maria Garborino, lot on S
! line of Green street, 120 W of Kearny, w 38, S
137:6, E 20:3, N 77:6, E 17:9. N' 70; gift.
J. J. and Julia Rauer to Volina E. Harrigan, lot
on SK line of Market street, 200 SW of Sixth, SW
25 by SE 90; $10. •
Volina E. Harrigan to Charles Schroth, same;
flO.
DeedeM. Taylor to Annie J. Dettelbach, lot on
SE line of Minna street, 275 SW of Seventh, SW
22:6 by SK 80; $10.
George K. and liDCte H. Frink to Elizabeth V.
Jones, lot on E line of Fifteenth avenue, 167 N of
C street. N73by K 58:6: 10.
Alexander 11. and Nancy Rogers to C. and Jen
nie V. Deichmlller, lot on W corner of Otsego and
Onondago avenues, NW 237 by SW 80, b.ock 24,
I West End 1 : $5.
James K. and Amelia S. Damon to Alameda
Macadamizing Company, lot on W line of Holyoke
street, 100 N of Mansell, N 60 by W 120, block 12,
Paul Tract Homestead; $10. .; .-; :.;
John N. and Sarah K. Atherton to Charles and
Emma Jones, lots 26 and 27, block 25. Lake
View; $1.
G. and Mary S. Pullen to Joseph N. Atherton,
same; flO.
Charles and Su« an Dais* and Adolph and Mary
Rauer to Domenlco Figoni, lots 3, 4, 9 and 10,
block 17, West End Map 2; $10.
Odd Fellows' Cemetery Association to Ada K.
Buriihelmer, lot 24, pint IV2, Onega section: $225.
Same, to William I- Thompson aud Mary A Pom
croy, lot 25. plat 5. California section; $240.
Laurel Hill Cemetery Association 10 Mrs. G. A.
Schumacker, lot 1828; $150.
ai.amkha COtTNTY.
E. P. and Vivian P. Vandercook to M. H. East
man, lot on K line of Van Dyke avenue, 141.20 \
of Fourth, N 50, E 125, B 38.45, W 41.66, s 11.55,
W 83.34 to beginning, being lot 22, Ridgewood,
quitclaim deed, I'ast Uaklana; $10.
Gertrude a. Wurts to Albert s. Woodbridge, lot
on NE cornerof Lincoln avenue and Spruce street,
E 44 by N 140, block G, Clinton Mound Tract, East
Oakland; also lots on NE corner of Lincoln avenue
and Spruce street, E 132 by N 280, being lots 1, 2,
8, 12 to'l6, block G, same; $10.
Sitivl S. and H. 11. Schrader to Mark S. Baker,
lots 1 to 8, block D, Broadway Terrace Tract, sub
ject to a mortgage, Oakland Township; $10.
Pacific COi*Rt Savings Society to Alexander John
son, loton W line of Park street, 110:2Vi s of
Buena Vista avenue, S 35:4V 2 , W 106:331 N 35,
K 107.60 to beginning, block 46, lands adjacent to
Fnciual, Alameda: $2300.
; J.C. and Mary K. McMullen to Mary H. Buck
(wife of J. J.). lots 14 and 21, block 1, lot 46, block
2, Grove-strt>*t line tract, Berkeley; $10.
Fred and Frieda Harder to Emily Wendt (wife
of Oscar), lot on T Virginia street. 120 K of Grant,
40 by 133:41,2, block l.S;ute University Home
stead Association No. 4, Berkeley: $100. *
Emma L. Bowne to Harriet A. Pratt, lot in Sub
division F. bounded by Merrill, Lloyd and Wheeler
avenues and Lane street, being a portloa of Fruit
vale Terminal tract, Brooklyn Township; $10.
H. C. Morris to Thomas Nuttall, lots on S line of
Jones aveuue, 50 W of Chestnut street, W 150 bv
s 125. being lots 9. 10, 1 1, block 12, Waruer Tract,
Brooklyn Township: $10.
D.J.Buckley to Hyacinth Gill, lot on SW cor
ner of Fitteenth nnd Cypress street?, W 74 by S 32,
block 582 B, Raggo Tract, Oakland; $5.
Hurry H. Heawell to E. T. Leiter, lot on W line
of West street, 1 1 1.26 N of Thirty-sixth (or Locan),
N 25 by. W 108.21, being lot 5, block H, Maior
Given Tract. Oakland Township; $10.
Tillie Campbell to E. a. Heron, lot on NW line
of Broadway, 210 NK of Edith street, NE 30 bv
NW 100, block I. Broadway terrace, subject io a
mortgage to University of California for *70 Oak
land Township; $10. . '
Frederick W. and Rebecca C.Gilman to Harrv
11. Seawell, lot on W line of West street 11l 26 N
of Thirty-sixth or Logan. N 25 by W 108.21. beinir
lot 5, block H. Major Given Tract, Oakland Town
ship; $10. .
Frank M. and Rose H.. Wilson to L. I). Syle, lot
on B line of Virginia street, 225 E of Le Roy ave
nue, E 50 by S 125. being lot 10, block 18, Dalev's
Scenic Park, Berkeley: $10. , /
James E. and Mary C. Barker to David B Hun
ter, lot on NW corner of Dwight and Ells
worth street, .W 50 by N 100, block 4, College
Homestead, Berkeley; $10. ;-'
C. D. and Edith A. Brunn to Charles *A. Mohr
hardt, lot on S line of Durant avenue. 305 E of
Ellsworth, street. E 50 by S 130, block 12. Collete
Homestead, Berkeley; $10. . .
Builders' Contracts.
Henry MacDonald with William Helbing to
erect a three-story building on oi line California
street, 75 E of Larkin: $6000.
K. K. Lilienthel with Hiley & Doane. brickwork
etc., for building on E lin« Steuart street. 137-6 N
of Mission;. $10,856. _•.'■:*
John McCabe with Thomas R. Bassett & Bro
to erect a two-story building on E line of Sharon
street, 220 N of Sixteenth: $2000.
HOTEL AEEIVALS.
/ ;!-; PALACE HOTEL.
II J Babcock, Salt Lake A T Kubbard, Boston
C H Mursden, L .Angeles Mrs Uubbanl. liosion
G A Kent. Binghamnton .1 P Crane,. W'oburn
O R Kvans. Baltimore J S Holden, Benninßton
\V S Moore, Duluth Mrs J s Holden, Benngtn
I'' L Loomls A w, Omaha Hiss LJ Holdeu.Keuugtn
Wm I'.allard, Valleio A J Holden, Boston
W A Terry, Riverside O T Br oks, Aihol
W H Gilbert, Ohio Mrs O T Brooks, Athol
W 1" Newell, Oiympia L B Fay & w, At hoi
II LTalbot.Bostou r; G K Sid'ers <fc w.Hiugham
.] L I lark & w,: Chicago G O Barrell, YorkHarbor
Jlt Burnhain, Portland J A. Newhall «fc w
Mrs A K I'rescott, Mont Hin?ham *
Mrs H Lake, Helen* MrsSMW'hiton.Hineham
C Whitney; fit V : W S Gllddon, Boston
W J Rencle* w,.N Y \ H J Ball & iv, N V
HM. Singer, Pasndena H G Colo >fc w, Mass
A Woods, St Louis CM Floyd & w, N H .
Mrs K J Ward, Portland <■ A Leighton & w, NH
K J Cole, St Louis John Simmons «fc w, V Y
Mrs J*l Nutting, Pa Mrs N Brainerd, 11l ■.
OALeighton, Manchester MrsLeighton, Manchester
J Simmons&w.Brooklyn Miss iSimmons. Brooklyn
CS Ferry, Springfield MlssFCFerry, Springfield
Miss E Khv, New York Miss A Kay, New York
T K Kay <fc w, Plttsburg MissWainwrlght, Pilt9bK
Mrs F Evan. Kirkwood f E T (Jill, N J s
CfSouthworth.Manchestr C P Hoyt <fc w, Phila
CBlackman&w.Montreal O Terwilliger, Ansterdam
T Wightman iftw.Pittsbsr WlssWiKhtman.PittsburK
MissAJWightman.Plttsb Mrs Anderson, Pittsburg
Miss Pittsburg MissO Andtrs;in,Pittsbr<*
W B Wolfe, l'i;tsburg Mrs E Wolfe, Pittsbur" °
BC Knear, Trenton J F Moss. Philadelphia
F Robs; Providence ■ B Adams, Mancliester
HBFairbanks.Manchesr C \V Sniitn, Boston'
C Barnard, Dorcester . CTrowbridge&w.Chicago
•MissßAnderson.PittsbghS J Troy. Pittsburg
W H Moore, San Jose ■ H A Weaver, Hanford,
WMcKittrickiw.Angell F B Highet & w, M Y *
E J Cole, St Louia
GRAND HOTEL.
? «i de S , ab ! a> Xevada 2 E Gerber, Sacto
\ KIR r - ol ° W C Waters, St Helena
.I'. Martin, sacto -\v B Streeter, Portland
V r x?l"^ i"' nacio A »■ McDonald, Stockton
I .1 J Merkley sacto K J Dodge, Alaraeda
J L Barker. Herkeley J K McLean, Oakland
« n \, a \ C J',- B rke e y 1' W Brown, Cal
" S M , c ike, Oakland M Salmon. Victoria
>, E«haw, San Diego E E Harlow, Stockton
K Keppler, s lln l>j <,'o Mi.ss il O'Brien, Pasadna
J K Utler, San Diego WII Adams & fv. 11l
ah"*. l e dest . riil N»-v Drcs Rogers, Halrlax
Miss F .N Kand, Stamord T N Taylor, Utah
J Clapp. Cnica N K Mj.rley, N V
\V Maddox, 1- niton Mrs F H Long, al
■I M Connor, Folsom T Jnglish, Vacaville
t II Lewis it wf, Vacavll C A Stroebel, Sacto
.1 l.at'-rio, Sun Andreas . AHeilbron. sacto
-Mrs Hall it c, Petaiinua K A Long, Willows
1 Harris, Merced T K Perry, Tazewell
L \V ebber, Denver J E Denny. Visalia
8 H Chase, Sun Jose Mrs W 11 Tripp, Vallejo
Jirs s H Chase, .>an Jose Mrs M J Firth, Tacoma
i-iss B J Cbase.San Jose Misj k hnson, Tacoma
Mrs Parker. Sun Jose Miss A E Martin.Ashlud
l>ri.lM,.|,raiHiirc..Mass M I- Bell, Coin m
\>v *■ Hetteroth, Colusa J H Sleele, Colusa
J A Mclntj re, Sacto G W Thompson, >n Jose
D Leppo, Mmtii Kosa R D Hatch, .xovato
; -Vrs H B Blinnj Ban Jose E H Qerber, Sacto
A L Leonisky, Stockton H G Tanner, Los Banos
Miss Tanner, Los Banois :•■,."
COSMOPOLITAN HOTEL.
J M Locke, Cincinnati, o S J Youiikinsifcw.Pasdna
John McMurray. Keiio Henry Wilson, Corning
Jedd Jones it ly, i.os Ang K J D Jones, Portland
J Foxwcll. San Jo«« M Galvin, San JOS6
w.l Dowley, Los Banos \V H Proctor A dr, lowa
B s Searles it wf. lowa Wm Kohler, Oaklund
C A Lynch, Denver A K Pitts it wf, Oregon
A K Burt, Vancouver E M Ellis. Oregon
' nag Bannter, Centralia <; K Whifileld, Centralia
C A Johnson, Kans Citv J) S Mouat, Victoria
Vi Lee, Victoria GU v_aughran&f.
Mrs M J Firth, Tacoma Kdna Johnson, Tacoma
Anna Martien, Tacoma A S Bliss, Tacoma :
RMehlman.Oshkosh.Wis Thos Patrick, Sacto
John Barreu, Keno Ed King. Tacoma
Mrs L Davenport, Los An J Goldstein, Virginia Cty
A ug Keller. Marysville E B Frank, San Diego
J iN Leesou, Eureka
LICK HOUSE.
M H Rice, Vancouver H Postlethwalte, S Jo3e
X Casper. Nevada City A L Hobbs, Fresno
B G Cnaddock, Fresno T Harding. San Jose
Q W Hume, Oakland A Baker, Carson
C Rising &w, Auburn Mrs H Philip, San Jose
Miss J Bradley, ban Jose E C Apperson, .-ta Clara
Mrs T Watson, Mare Id s A iloimau, sail Jose
Mrs R P Lane. Stockton II S Sargent, Siockton
C M Coglan, Sacramento G w Lorenr, w it son, Sac
Miss Tn.-m!nghain, Bnnol E Jones, Piitsbiirg, Pa
1: wards it \v, Crocket J King it w, Ban Jo3e
I- Downing, X/>s Angeles D J Mornli. Los Angeles
J T Nixon, San Jose s Barker, Santa Kosa
T J Thornton, Oaklund P S Jones it w, Chicago
11 .1 Bronson, N Y F W Scott, Baltimore
J K Boyd, Baltimore . \ ■,:; ' ' •;
Baldwin HOTEL.
Capt IH Morrison.SClara Miss H OtTund. Sta Clara
J P Canman, Stockton G Brownson, San Jose
E P Pond, Alaska J Davis, N "i
M Reich, NY .1 C Lynch, Cincinnati
T F Ross, Sacramento K N Hansen, Nev
SW Van Syckel.StHelena R J Siekela, N Y > -
L Battenus, Cincinnati fc-.M Barnard &w, Grand
L Hamburger, Chicago l'.apids * ■• '•
MlssJ Ray, N V AC Ugntball, Denver
J Kellenberger, Colo Dr H F Bprlngster, Napa
«i sterlinx it W, Vallejo Gl* isher it sn. Vacaville
GJI Bishop, Cincinnati K J lsham, Pniladeluhla
H Cox, Brantford
I THE CALL CALENDAR. I
Fkbriarv, 1896.
M. Tu.
3 4
10 11
17 18
'
24 ! 25
W. Th. Fr. Ba. I .
I Moon's Phases.
I (f\ Last Quarter.
[^ February 6,
6 6 7 8 •— — "
ijpjv >nv Moon.
: ~~ '■iei/Keforuary J3.
12 13 14 16 j '
First Quartet
VVFebrnarv 21.
19 ; 20 i 21 22 > :
' ,O\ Full Moon.
I V£/February 28.
2U I 27 I 28 i 29 I
16
OCEAN STKAMKHS.
Dates or Departure rrom San ''"rinrl'rn.
BTF.AMKR. j I>KSTIXATION i SATM. I PIKR.
Pomona. I Humboldtßay Feb 23. 2pm! Pier 9
State ot Ca; , fontami I Peb 23.10 am jPier'2l
SantaKosa.. Diesro I Feb23.llAM | Pier 11
Wnlla Walla Vic «t Pgt Bnd Feb i'4. 9AM|PiBr9
«t Paul.. : SewDor: Feb2s. 9am mur 11
Willamt Val [ Mexico Feb2s.lllAM I'kt 11
City Peklns. China* Japan Feb'2s. ilpji CJISS
Arago : t'oos «av Feb25,lOAW I I'ler 13
JanUloa ! \ aaulna Uav.. Peb '_'5, srMlPiera
Homer I'oos Hav Keb2s. Bpm Oceanic
Empire ronland K«b2fl, si>m E»ier 13
Ueeott Eel Kiver Feb 9am I'ier 13
Corona ban Dipko tVb'27.IIAM Pier 11
Columbia.... ruriland Feb2B.loAii | Pi»r 2-t
San Jose. ... I Panama Feb 28,12 m PMHS
Kurelta iNewoors I Feb 29, Ham Pierll
UmaUlla....| Vic <K rtrt Sod Feb 29, 9aii Pier 9
A Blancliarn! Portland iMch 2 jfierl3
STKAMKKS TO AKIiIVK.
I STEAMKR I FKMM ~\ I>p K
Progreao Seattle
.North F0rK..... Humboidt
Pomona. : Humboidt Bav
j Costa Rica I part lire Bay
1 Araeo 1 Coos Bay '. I
: fctPaui Newport. i
: Sun Jose t'anama. . I
i Mackinaw Tuioraa !
Kmpire Portland ; '
Columbia \ ForiianJ
Homer t*oo"4 i>av .;...;t.'.I :;;;;!
Farallon i Yflonina Bay".'..!!."]!.'.'.* '
; Tmckee Tillamook ■
| South Coast | t'onland
He:p;c I China and Japan '. i
j Corona San Diego ;
| mat ilia Victoria <£ Puaet Sound:
! Queen Portland ;
' Crescent City... irescent, Cur j
! Wellington Departure Bay
I Kureka Newport
. Alice lilancnanl I'ortl'ana
I Point Lotnu. lirnys HarDor
, Colon ; Panama
Santa Kosa. : San Dieuo i
! Rate of Cal I Portland ,
City of PueDla.. ; Victoria « I'lisret Sound ;
Del Norte Urav9 Harbor i
Doric Liverpool ;...
..Feb 22
. . Keb 22
..Feb 22
..Feb 23
..Feb 28
..Feb 23
|..Feb 23
; ..Feb 23
..Feb l-:-(
..Feb 24
. . F.i. 24
1 ..Feb 24
! ..Feb 2-1
..Feb 21
..Feb 2G
..Feb 28
I.. Feb 26
..Feb 25
i..Feb 26
..Feb 27
. . Fob 27
..Feb 27
..Fen afl
..Fob 29
..Feb 29
i. Mch 1
..Men 1
..Men 1
..Men 1
SUN, MOON AND TIDK.
U. S. Coast and GKODBTIC SUBVXT 1 ide~>
BrT.I.KTfN PI'BT.ISIIKII BY UKKKTAI, r
AITTHORITY OF THE Sr I'Kli 1 NTKN DK.VT. J
Saturday, Feb. 2'l Saturday, Jfeb. ; 22.
Sunrises 6.52, 5un sets 5.57 j
February— 1 896.
I Tim* Fep . Time ~ Time ~ Time!
3 H W L \V H w i, \v
'-"-' ] 4.56; 4.8 12.55 -0.2 HTftS 3.-J: 11.39 3~0
23 1 6.04 SO 1.58 -0.8 9.42 3.6
|L W Feet 11 \V Feet I. \V Feet II \V Feet
24 1.01 3.C 7.15 5.2 7.48—0.9 111.17 3 9
25 2.15 2.7 8.20 6.4 3.35 —1.2 10.50 4 "
iili 3.17 2.5 9.20 5.5 4.17 —1.2 11.18 4.4
5?7: 4.11 , 2.0 10.17 6.6 4.58 —1.1 11.48 47
28 5.00 1.4 11.08 5.5 5.42 -0.8 .. .......
H W Feet L \v Fee B w IVet i. W Fret
29 0.16; 4.9, 5.50] 0.9 12.01 5.3| 6.28 -0.4
i- Notk-lii the above exposition of the tides th«
i • early morning tides are given in the left hand
I column, and the successive tides of the day in the
I order of occurrence B3 to time. The second time
j column fitves the second tide of the day, the third
j time column the third tide, nnd th»> last or right j
I hand column gives the last tide of the day, except
when there are but three tides, as sometimes
occurs. The heights pivennre additions to the !
soundings on the United .States Coast Survey
chnris. except when a minus sign (— ) precedes the |
\ heigh! nnd hc " n lhe number v-n is subtractive j
i from the depth given bv Uie charts
_» I
HYI>KOtiKAPIHC BtLLETI.N.
Branch lIYDnooRAPHic Offick., U. S. N. -»
Merchants' BZCKAKSE rv-iVV;
San Francibco." February 21. 1896. \
The time ball : on Telegrapn lilli was dropped
j exactly at noon to-day - i. e., at noon of the 120ta
meridian, or exactly at 8 p. m., «treenwlch time.
A. F. Fechtklkr,
Lieutenant'U. S. X.. in charee.
SHII'I'IXG IMELLIGtNOE.
I ~^_^ — „ , —
Arrived.
FRIDAY. February 21.
StmrSantn Rosa, Alexander. 61 hours from San
Diego, etc; pass and mclse, to Goodall, Perkins <k
Co.
Stmr Cleone, Miller, 38 hours from Hueneme
produce, to Erlanger <fe GalinKer.
Stmr Whltesboro, Johnson. 14 hours from
Greenwood ; lumlit-r, to L 1: White Lumber Co.
Stmr Albion, Lundquist. 72hour3 troin Nehalem '
River; 220 M ft lumber, to SJI Harmon Lumber !
Co.
stmr Geo W Elder, Lewis,— d.ivs from Portland
produce, to Oregon Railway and Navigation Co. '
[ Schr Barbara llernster, Jensen, 54 hours from
Bowens Landluff; lumber, to V H>ywood.
! Schr Reliance, Jensen, 82 hours from' Fisks
Will: 6600 po«ts, to K T Kruse.
Selir Joseph and Henry, Christensen. 5 days from
Coiimlle River: 140 M ft, lumber, to C P Doe.
Sehr Guide, Olsen, IS days from Portland; 115
M ft lumber, to T J Golden.
Schr Bender Brothers, Thompson, 40 hours from
Fisks Mill: 8500 posts, to K T Kruse.
• Schr | Nettie Low. • Low, r> hours from Point.
Reyes: 50 bxs butter, to J II bauer <fc Co.
Schr Newark, Beck, 15 hours from Bowens Land-
Inc: 150 M ft lumber, to F .Hey wood.
Schr Kureka, Wershuleit, 5 days from Coouille
River: 160 31 ft lumber, to Simpson Lumber Co.
Clearwrt.v
FRIDAY. February 21.
Stmr Santa Rosa, Alexander, San Diego- Good
all, Perkins & Co. ■
, Stmr. Wulla: Walla, Wallace, Victoria and Pori
Townsend: Goodall. Perkins <fe Co.
Stmr State of Calilornitt,Ackley, Astoria- Good
all. Perkins A Co.
; stmr i.akme. Anderson, Seattle; Kruse «fc Madi
son. ;■ •.;■- ■ ■■. ■ , .■ ■■ ■ .
Ship Klwell, Ryder, Nanaimo; John Rosenfela's
Sons. ..".....-.;..... : ,-.:.:
! Whal bark Gayheaa, Foley, whaling; J a Magee
bark II Hackfeld, Barber, Honolulu; Wil
lianiM. Dlmond it Co.
Bktn. Quickstep, Han3eD,San Jose de Guatemala-
C D Bunker & Co. - . '
Balled.
FRIDAY, February 21.
Btmr Eureka, Jepsen. isan Pedro. ■•"' '
Haw stmr In-a, Henr.ingsen, Honoipu. ■ ■
Brstmr Progressist, Pinkham, JJauairao.
Stmr Greenwood, Carlson.
Stmr Gipsy.' Leland. Santa Cruz.
Stmr Rival. Johnson, Fort Brag*.
Bark Forest Queen, Kice. Coal Harbor.
Bktu Catherine Sudden, Kiilman, (irays Harbor*
Schr Mary Dodge. Hansen, KahuluL
Scnr .bessie K, Anderson. .
Teiegraphic.
POINT Lonos— February 21—10 PK- Weather
hazy, wind \V; velocity b tnlles.
Cba>rter«.
; The n«w bark Andrew Welch loads mdse for
Honolulu; brii; Courtney Ford, lumber a: Port
Oamble for JLlonoluiu;ship Klwell, coal at Nanaimo
for this uurt.
Importation*.
HfKXEMK- Per Cleone— sks barley, 614
sks corn. 50 sks beans.
PORTLAND— Geo W Klder— l66 poles, 30
cs rubber boots. X43 sks potatoes, l-'l sks onions,
289 bass sugar. 290 bxs candies, 14 bales liorse
collars, 1049 skso.its, 236 rolls paper, 1)91 sks
flour, i 1351. hf-sks flour, 3630 qr-sks flour, 1453
bdls shooka.
SAN DIEGO— Per Santa Rosa-402 pkgs mdse,
11 cs canned goods. 47 hf-bbls pickled flan, 2 kegs
olives, 23 bxs 9 qr-bxs .tangerines, 121 bdla dried
tish, 56 pcs curbing, 2cs lard, H bxs raisins, UQ cs
soap powder, 1 ca oranges and lemons, 296 b.ts
lemons, 466 bxs oranges.
I.os Angeles via Redondo— l6 pkgs mdse, 4 bbls
coffee, 50 drams cheese, 10 cs bams.
Kedondo— S»6l sk3 corn, 1049 sheeD, 5 bbls vino
ear, '25 bxs lemons. 132 bxs oranges.
s> ort Los Angeles— l4 bxsoranges, 2 bxs lemons.
4 pkgs mdse, 6 bxa vegetables, 12 sks peas, 2 bxs
tom.-i'
Santa Carbara-154 pkgs mdse, 2 kegs olives, 3
bxs oranges, 134 bxs lemons, 5 sks crawfish, 3 cs
eggs.
Los Anseles via Port Los Angeles— 6o pkgs mdse,
20 cs hardware, 3 pkgs crockerv, 27 sks chilies.
Port Harford— lUOy- bxs butter, 1 keg butter, 4
bdls pelts, 5 bols tallow, 38 cs eggs, 1 cs dry goods,
43 pkgs mdse, 21 sks beans. 7 cs cheese, 1 bdl
skins, S coops chickens. 79 bdls green hides, 1 bdl
hides, 33 dressed calves.
ConntfrneiAS.
Per Cleone— Krlanger ,t Oalinger. ,
PerOeo W Elder— Alaska Packers' Assn; Won
socKet Rubber Co; Murray Steinhasen: L Saroul
it Co; W K Larzelere Co; Standard OH Co: G B
Sheldon; Thomas Lougbran: Geo Morrow & Co; O
Johnson A Co; Willamette Pulp A Paper Co; J A
Lacy: h Dntard; Crown Paper Co: CJ LelstACo;
M P I)etel3; Allen .t Lewis: Page «£ Son; J Stencil;
order.
Per Santa Rosa— Wetmore Bros: Haas Bros; J F>
Only; E J Shattuck; Payot, Upham it Co; W K
.iKckson: M S Simus; San b'ranclsco Breweries; L
W Miller; Chas Harley it Co; J Kverdlng <fc Co; O
Oaks: LScatenaACo; Heller, Bachnian it Co; O
H Starr; Campodonlco & Malcolm: rmmelACo;
Sunset TATCo; Dunham, Carrigan it Co: Coops
>v Oibbs; J W Uoodwin; 1' it Stewart; 11 O Green
hoo.l; Cohen. Hirsh it Co : C K Frank: Rowers
Kiibb.'r Co: WF Mitchell: Newmark it Edwards;
1> E Allison & Co: Hansen'a Express; M Levy; A.
Schilling A Co: C EWhlineyACo; i: a Galtey: I£
II Jlogan; Dairymen's Union: Garcia ifc Maggini:
Gray it Barbleii Ciinningliam, Cnrtiss A Welch: J
Melcer it Co; Cerf. Mchloss Co; Bnrnett <fe Mur
ray: Tillntann <t Bendel : American Union Fish Co;
A Paladini: Dalton Bros: Milan! & Co: Koss <te
liiiigins: The undahy Co; P rormey; Wlicox ifc
Oibbs; IXli Tamale Co: (J M Volkman; Kittle <fc
Co; Redington A Co; M .1 Brandensteln A Co; A
Levy; Illlmrr. Bredboff AScbalz; A Paladini; L
Levy A Co; .Norton. Teller A Co; B Ruhl Co:
Wilson <fe Baochtel; Dodge, Sweeney A Co; Tho«
Day & Co; Wbeaton, Breon .v Co; Getr, Rros <fe Co:
Rnss, Sanders it Co; Jonas Erlanger it o: Labor
Exchange: 11 Dutard: .1 Hoffman; F l< Uaisht: J
Laws; L D Stone it Co: H N Tilden it Co; Page <t
sons: Pioneer Fish Co: J M Moore; Golden West
Fisli Co; Pacific Coast Fish Co.
Ihr Zatu Shipping Tut' u;.:-..,-r \,-. lPifttmttfh Paae
SBgL OFFICE FURNITURE
PoW€£rj AND FIXTURES.
KSfi^laflp- F - w eber & co.
J i^ig^^g HOP to iiOH Post St.. cor. StOfktTl
-
OCEAN STEAMSHIPS:
PACIFIC COASTSfEAisiiiPCO3IPI\I
i
CUT RATES
— TO
VICTORIA, B. C, and
PUGET SOUND.
Flx»»t Class &0.00
Second Class $500
Meals and berth Included.
Ticket Office— 4 Sew Montgomery Street.
QQODALL., PERKINS CO..
Ueueral Agents.
O. FL. jc&3 INT.
ASTORIA Al PORTLAND.
$2.50 Second Class, $5 First Class.
MEALS AND BERTHS INCLUDED.
For reservations call at lt» Mont-
goiuery street.
Columbia sails .'...February 18 and 28
btate of California sails.. February 23 and March 4,
From spcur-st. Wharf (Her '24) at 10 a. m.
GOODALIi, PEKKI.N.-' «fe CO., Genl. Supts.
F. F. CONNOR, General Asent.
PACIFIC COAST STEAMSHIP GOAPAIT
QTEAMKB3 WILL SAII, FROM Ar<a
O Uroadway wharf, ttau Francisco, a3 «{W
I follows:
or Mary Tslßnd, Loring, Wransel. Juneau, Kil-
lisnoo ana Sitka (Alaska), at » a. m., FeD. 14, 29.
March 15. 30. t• . '
For Victoria and Vancouver (B. C), Port Town-
BPnd, Seattle, Tacoma, Kverett, Anacortes andN'»-V
Whatcoin (Bellincrham Ba3 , Wash.), 9 a. x.
>eb. 4, 9, 14, 19, -24. _'9, and every fiftlx
duv thereafter, connecting at Vancouver with
the C. i'. Ji. K., at Tacoma with N. P. R. R-
«t Seattle with U. X. Ky., at Port Townaend with
Alaska steamers.
i'or Kureka, Arcata and Fields Landing (Hum-
boklt Bay) gtr. Pomona, 2 i: u., F-b. 3, 7, 11, 15,
19, 23, "27, and every lounli day thereafter.
For Santa Cruz, Monterey, Han Simeon, Carncos,
Port Harfonl (San Luis Obispo), Gaviota, Sant*
Barbara, Venturu, Ilueneme, i?an Pedro. Kast Saa
Pedro (Los Angeles) ana Newport, a: 9a. M., Feb.
1,6. 9, IS, 17, 21, "25, '29, and every lourth dar
thereafter.
For -San Dloro, stopping only at Port Harforil
■ (San Luis ObUpo), Santa Barbara, Port L,o»
Angeles, Kedondo (Los Angeles) and Newport. 11
a. m., Feb. 3, 7. 11, 15, 19, 23, 27, and every
fourth day thereafter.
For Enseoada, i-an Jose del Cabo, Mazatlan, La
Faz, Altata and Guaymas (Mexico), str. Willam-
ette Valley, 10 a. If., 25th of each month.
Ticket office, Palace Hotel, -1 Slew .Montgomery
■treet.
UOODALL, KINS «ft CO., Gen'l Ajtenta,
10 Market st., San Francisco.
OCEANIC STEAMSHIP*(OMP\\V.
rißTW^t*), Cool^ardte gold fields
jmSTciiQ i'l-'r>"i-ii:antliM, Austrn-
JSy^}? \A(\k!&*'f{} lla; $" u Sirs: class;
JlSffcy U'-'Nni lII.U* $110 steerage. Lowest
-S*-I L rat ps '" Capetown,
flUK^' o/'^x^^. Sol 'tli Africa.
B&Wf •7y^r > \Bk Anstraliau steamer,
■MB/ **A»t.»t\ \nn Honolulu and Auck-
ESI W SLjMm Honolulu and Auck-
'Bj» \ ' Y>:J(*Jfnii(s7t land, Thursday, March
\J ftoTOfe — y^SjP" Steamship Australia,
T3»?&«Eli- '^^lilßr Honolulu o!i:y. Tues-
■Hflg^SZZ^Z^^r day, March 10, at 10
spK.iAi. I'artiks.— Reduced rates for parties
March 10 and Anr>l 7.
Ticket Ofllce, 114 Montgomery street.
Freight Ofllce, 327 Market street.
J. D. SI'KECKKLs & BKO>. CO.,
General Agents,
COSPAGJIE mmi TKA\SATL.L\TIQUE
French Lino to Havre.
GOMPAXY'S I'll; (NE\V),42 NOBTH >&^L.
Kiver, foot of Morton st. Travelers by sS&^t
this line avoid both transit t>y Kngllsh railwuy *ad
tin- discomfort of crosslog the clmnnel in a small
boat. . New VorK to Alexandria, Ejrypt, via Paris,
lirst-tlass $lb'0: second-class, 9l 16.
ZiA IJOUKGOCSXK, apt. Leboeuf .. ..
.' Keb. '29, lr.x
LA XORMAXDiE, Capt. Doloncle
-...' ..-'. March 7, 6 a. u
LA GASL'OOXE. Capt. Baudelon
March 14, 10a. k
j LA BBETAGNK. Capt. Hope
■ March -21, 5 a. K
JlSo" i'or further particulars apply to
A.FOKGET. Agent,
Xo. 3 BOWltng Greeu, New York.
.1. F. FUGAZI a- CO., Agents, 5 3'ontgomery
avenue, San Francisco.
ROYAL MAIL STKAI PACKET COMPASIT
STEAMKRS LEAVE ASPIXWALL AjMi
O fortnlq!;lly for the West, Indies and Afia9|
Boutbampton, «'allini! en route at Cerbourgh,
France, and Plymouth to land passengers.
Through bills of lading, in connection with th«
Pacific Mail S. s. Co., issued for freight and trea>
ore to direct ports in England and Germanv.
Throusjh tickets from San Francisco to Plvmoath.
Cherbourg, Southampton. First class, $19S;lhir3
•law. *97 60. For lurrher particulars apply to
PAKROTT & CO., AKenW.
306 Califoriii»st.
STOCKTOX STEAMERS "
Leave Pier No. 3, Washington St_
At 5 P. 31, Dally, Kxcept Sunday^
as- Accommodations Reserved by Telephone!
STKAMEK :
T. C. Walker. J. r> p«t«r.
»lary Garratt, city of Stockto-
Telephone Main SOB. C.u. y av . and Impt Co
YALLEJD, 1A&S1SLIII, "EBSICIA, PORT
. COSTAWIMKOI'KHTT. -■■
MONTHELLO, -
Daily, except Saturday and Sundav-10 -30 a. u.
and 4. P. it ; Saturday, 12:30 nooa
•i p.m. only. »™*»y-**.*.
l-auduiK, Mission 1, Pi er 3,Interesting Report of Important Up-to-Date News Items in Alameda County
ALL READY FOR THE MARCH.
A Parade and a Rowing Re
gatta to Take Place
To-Day.
Y. M. I. AT THE TABERNACLE.
Evening Exercises at St. Mary's Col
lege and First Congregational
Church.
: ixi Office Bak Fbancisco Call,)
908 Broadway, Feb. 21. J
Oakland is in holiday attire and the
■tieeta ate gayly decorated in readiness for
Washington's birthday celebration. Not
for many years has so much interest been
shown in a National holiday. One of the
features of the parade will be the floats.
Tuey have been quietly built in various
parts of the city and in Alameda and
Mrs. S. P. .Martin, One of the Energetic Ladies of the Press Committee.
[From a photograph.]
their designers have given a promise that
they shall be unusually Sne.
Scenes and table&us of a Notional char
acter will te represented and esptciftlly
wilJ they be appropriate to the first Presi
dent, whose birthday is to be celebrated.
One of the flouts will represent Corn
- surrendering his sword to Wasu
ineton. The two principal fisrures will be
in the center and the officers of each be
hind. This will be drawn by six white
horses, with as many oatriderjs, the latter
to be in full uniform. There will be about
ten figures on this float.
Tne old scene in the cherry orchard will
be there. There will be a number of trees,
and one that has a broken trunk will be
in the center. George, his father and the
hatchet will also be in evidence. This
float is to be drawn by four horses.
The American Bag is to be formed of
young women and cirl«. The former,
about thirty in number, will be dressed in
white and red. symbolic of the Bti
T> ere will be thirteen girls in blue spangles
with stars, representini/ tin- original States.
The Goddess of Liberty wi'l sit in a
chariot of state drawn by the thirteen
original Prates, represented by girls.
Uncle £am will introduce Utah to the
V'* M/issiißACEu Rue S j /Vljss Kflu; - ;]flM , s
Miss Kfluj/^Mfs
MEMBERS OF THE COMMITTEE IN CHARGE OF TO DAY'S PARADE.
[Reproduced from photographs.]
Union with all due ceremony. This float
will be sent from Alameda and will be a
feature of the parade.
Mr. Cornor. whose likeness to Uncle Sam
Has excited comment, will be in his typi
al garb on a uony.
A large ship of state, in which a second
'".daesb of Liberty is pitting, will repre
sent the Union in 189fj. The float will be
' -riy-eix feet long and is elegantly decor-
Washington at Valley Forge is to be in the
parade. The dreary "winter scene, with
the brave general praying in the back
ground, will be one of the most touching
a r <i patriotic :n the parade.
\\ ashington will alsobeseenat his home
at Mount Vernon. With Martha Wuh
i-t-'ion he win be sitting on the veranda,
while several children will be playing
near by.
♦ h°. ne «°f the handsomest floats will be
that of the school-children. It will repre
; sent a schoolhouse and be escorted by
< ompany 1) of the Boys' Brigade of Hast
Oakland. Seven girls of the Lincoln
'•rarnmar School will ride in a carriage,
escorted by six boys. All will be dressed
in National colors.
There will also be a cavalcade of ladies,
I under the command of Miss Abbie Tag
part. The huge procession will move
about 9 o'clock.
Tne Young Men's Institute will hold a
big demonstration in the Tabernacle in the
evening. The programme was published
this morning.
I The students of St. Mary's College will
hold oratorical exercises at the college in
til.- evening.
I -.r^ n ? re . Wl -^ b** a rowing regatta on Lake
: Merritt in the afternoon, commencing at 2
; o'clock.
In the evening, at the First Congrega
tional Church, there will be patriotic exer
cises under the direction of John A. Sands,
president of the day.
. Kx-Sol<ller Arrested.
OAKLAND, Cal.. Feb. 21.— Jacob Buch,
the ex-"Salvation Army soldier charged
with soliciting funds for the erection of a
new barracks for the "army," may escape
conviction after all. It turns out that he
is the head of a new organization known
as the ''Gospel Army." A uniform similar
to that'of the Salvationist has been adopted,
and unless one looks closely they will be
deceived. He denies that he was solicit
ing for the Salvation Army, but it was to
raise money to start a branch of his army
in this city. His chief assistant is one
Railton of Industrial Army fame. Buch's
case has been set for trial Tuesday.
Iroquois Braves.
OAKLAND, Cal., Feb. 21.— The Young
Men's Democratic Club of Oakland will
send ten delegates to the annual confer
ence of the Iroquois Club of California, to
be held in Pythian Hall, San Francisco,
to-morrow. The delegation named to-day
by President Layrnance is as follows: R.
M. Fitzgerald, A. T. McDonongh, E. J.
Pringle. W. K. Whit*, W. E. Fine, J. J.
McDonal, Alex Rcborough, J. J.
O'Rourke, F. B. English and Frank Lake.
The San Francisco Iroquois Club will pro
vide entertainment in the evening for
visiting delegates in its usual hospitable
way.
A Hoblier Captured.
OAKLAND, Cal., Feb. 21.— John Green
bank was arrested at a roadside resort to
niarht and brought to the County Jail by
Constable Weldon. Greenbank held up
two men near Castro Valley last night and
was trailed by AS'elion. One of his victims
identified him at the jail.
California Psychical Society.
Professor Edward H. Gri^gs of Stanford Uni
versity lectured at Golden Gate Hall last even
ing before the California Psychical Society on
1 the subject, "The Scientific S'udy of the Higher
Human Life." The lecture was oxcemionally
well attended and regarded as one of the most
; interesting of the course.
Friday evening, March 6, Dr. David Starr j
1 Jordan will speak ot "The Evolution of Mind." ,
A Forty-KJght-Hour l)».y.
Tbe time-tinkers are still dissatisfied
with our time-reckoning system, and it is
' highly probable that they will not only
i smash the sixty-minute hour and substi
i tule one of 100 minutes, but that they will
also change the civil day into one of lorty
eight hour?. Professor Blatner of Berlin,
Sir Thomas Long of England and Pro
fessor Bailey of Boston are now working
' like beavers with that end in view. — Phila
delphia Record.
The colored people of the United States
maintain seven colleges, seven academies
und fifty high schools.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 22, 1896.
AFTER NEWLAND'S ESTATE
A Married Woman Declares
She Is the Capitalist's
Daughter.
BORN THIRTY-FOUR YEARS AGO.
The Attorneys for the Estate Say
They Are Prepared to Refute
the Story.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,)
908 Broadway, Feb. 21. f
A sensational suit was filed to-day in the
Superior Court by Carrie Newland Burch,
who says she is the daughter of the late
Andrew Newland, and therefore entitled
to the whole of his estate. The property
is worth about $80,000 and is at present be
ing distributed.
In 1882 the plaintiff says she was born.
She declares she is the child of Andrew
Newland and Catherine Roundy of Ronda.
Five years later, or on September 23, 18ti7,
she alleges that Newland placed her in the
Protestant Orphan Asylum of San Fran
cisco, but suffered her to remain there only
two months when he took her to his home
in Oakland. She lived there witti tne fam
ily until the time of Is'ewland's death in
1835.
The plaintiff avers that she married
Charles Lane in that year with the con
sent of Newland and bis wife. Her mar
ried life was terminated by a divorce, and
she returned to the Newlands' home and
remained there about four months. She
claims she was treated as a daughter and
that she was adopted and recognized by
Newland and his wife as their daughter.
Andrew Newland died July 18. 18S5. Mrs.
Burch, in her complaint, says the worth
of the property she would like is $80,000.
She claims that since the death of her al
leged father there has been derived from
the estate the net income of $30,000 over
and above its cost of maintenance.
As part of the complaint, Mrs. Burch in
cludes the following sentence from the will
of Andrew Newland:
"I commend to the care and protection
of my wife, Mary Newland, Carrie Roundy
and Samuel Wheeler, who have been re
ceived as members of our family."
Newland, was the owner of the valuable
i block at the corner of Washington and
Seventh streets, as well as the home place
on Lake Shore avenue. He left all his es
: tate to his widow, who died on June 28 of
last year. The estate has been in probate
i over since. In her will, which has been
admitted to probate, Mrs. Newland deviled
I one-half of her estate to Martha Newland,
j a niece, and trie remainder to the children
:of Edward Newland, her husband's
; brother. A ten-year trust was created
! and the niece secured a half interest for
I life in all the property. The niece Manila,
j who is executrix, has a petition for the
j sale of certain real estate to be heard on
i Monday.
Mrs. Burch sets forth that the will only
provided for her to the extent of $5, and
otherwise she was left dependent upon
herself for a livelihood.
Attorney C. G. Dodge, who represents
the estate, said to-night that the suit cuts
' very little figure in the fate of the prop
! erty. "It is not a new story," he said,
j "but it is absolutely groundless, and we
: have already satisfied ourselves on that
point. It will not delay the probating to
; any extent because the property is subject
to a ten-year trust. Even should the
; claim of the plaintiff to be the daughter be
! true her claim is barred by the statute of
i limitations governing such cases. We are
prepared with our side of the case, and
there will be some surprises in store."
AFTER LAMPING.
j A Saloon Man Who Has Little Use for
the Officer.
OAKLAND, Cal., Feb. 21.— N. Perisco,
: who conducts the saloon at First and
| Franklin streets, is after Officer Lamping.
; During the recent examination of Lamp
ing before the Commissioners, the officer
j characterized Perisco as a "'substitute for
j the penitentiary." He denounces the
! statement as rank falsehood, and declares
ho never allowed ex-convicts or any other
: hard characters to congregate at his place.
| He vows vengeance against the officer.
i "That officer came into my place and
■wanted to borrow $10," said Perisco, "and
he insulted my wife when he coald not get
it. He lies when he savs that I have no
license for my place. I want to see that
. man punished for what he said. I will
wait and see what the Commissioners do
; with him, and if they do not punish him,
well, I will go after him. Even if I cannot
make him pay me damages I will have
him sent to jail. That is some satisfac
tion."
CAPITALIST INJURED.
I'Vin* In the Receiving Hospital In a
Semi-Couscious Condition.
OAKLAND, Cal., Feb. 21.— H. R. Miller,
the capitalist of 328 Boulevard terrace, is
lying in the San Francisco Receiving
Hospital suffering from some injury that
as yet has not been determined. From all
that can be learned here be waa taken to
I the hospital in a semi-conscious condition
jat 10 o'clock yesterday. The officers found
j his name and address on some letters in
his pocket and communicated with the
i Oakland officers, requesting that they
i notify bis family.
A. *K. Wilson, the City Engineer, who Is
l Miller's nephew, went over at once, but
failed to discover the cause of his uncle's
condition or how lie had received hi«
injuries. The only mark on the injured
I man was a small wound on his head. '
Several clays ago Mr. Miller's son, Harry,
lost liis reason and created a scene on
| Broadway, and some of his friends fear his
reason is affected, but this Mr. Wilson
denies.
FOOTBALL TEAMS.
The Oakland Association Sends Strong
Representatives to Auburn.
OAKLAND, Cal., Feb. .—The Oakland
Football Association shipped strong teams
on - the overland train to-night to Auburn,
where they are to meet the Citrus Colony
and Penryn clubs to-morrow and Sunday.
j The line of the teams are as follows:
Rtigbv team— Gray, back, Maori. New
Zealand; D. Erskine.of -Zingaris, A. Baker of
Reliance nnd C. Pomeroy of Zingaris. three-'
quarterbacks; Packenham of Haywanls Ath
letics and TomlinßOn of Nomads", halfbacks;
K. Pom'eroy of East Oakland, A. Hunter of Cali
fornia State, \V. Hunter of New Brighton, Hew
son of Nomads, Warren of Enst Oakland, James
! ot Zinq;aris,Jehu,Penn and English of Oakland
i High School and Roe of Devon, England, for-
I werds; Umpire, A. B. Platt.
Association team— \V. Gray of Wanderers,
San Francisco, i?oal: Roe of Devon, England,
and Tierney of Thistles, San Francisco, backs;
Anderson of Oakland Athletics, Arlett of Reli
ance ana Warren of East Oaklands, halfbacks;
Hunter of Oakland Y. M. C. A., Erskine of Wan
derers, C. Pomeroy and E. Pomeroy of East
OaKlands and Packenham of Hayvirards Ath
letics. Linesman, A. B. Platt.
MRS. IJANN'S DEATH.
Inquiry in Regard to the Fatal Acci
dent of Thursday Night.
OAKLAND, Cal., Feb. 21.— An inquest
was held to-night in regard to the death of
! Mrs. Anna Dann. who was fatally burned
last night. Nothing was proved regard-
I ing the cause of the remarkable manner in
', which she was enveloped in flames a few
i minutes after leaving the dining-room.
The story mat she was filling a lighted
i lam p was disproved, as there was not a
j lamp in the house.
The most feasible explanation was that
the deceased was seeking something in a
cloßet with the aid of matches. They were
parlor matches, and it is supposed that a
J spark ignited some paper that was on the
j floor and the names were communicated
to her clothing. After her clothes were on
fire the unfortunate woman went into the
I back yard and perished without once cry
j ing for help. This was all that could be
j learned from the witnesses and the jury
I returned a verdict that death was acci-
I dental.
The Grand Jury.
OAKLAND, Cal., Feb. 21.— The Grand
Jury, which has been in session since last
August, is expected to complete its labors
'■ next week. Lxpert H. K. Snow completed
j his labors on and will present iiis report
i next week en his six months' labor on
! the books of tlie county. His bill of $425 for
\ eighty-rive days' labor was not audited by
I the Finance Committee of the Supervisors,
as there is some question as to its legality
when the county has au expert employed
: legularly.
Died in the Wagon.
OAKLAND, Cal., Feb. 21.— Michael
I Callahan was found by a Chinaman to
night in Sanborn's nursery at Piedmont.
j He was very Bick, and while on the way to
the Receiving Hospital in the patrol wagon
he died. Cailahan was about 55 years of
| age and resided at 414 Sixth street. He
| was subject to heurt disease.
The McKinley Club.
OAKLAND, Cal., Feb. 21.— Me
j Kinley Club of Oakland is to be organized
: on Saturday evening at Kohlor & Chase
! Hall, southwest corner of Eleventh street
; and Broadway. It is to be an open meet-
I ing. Music for the occasion will be fur
nished by Miss Grace Kollins, sister of
; Sylvia Gerrisb, the noted operatic
i soubrette.
HISTORY OF A DAY.
_____
i Alaraeda County Happening! Told In
Brief Chapters. .
Oakland Office San Francisco Call, 1
90S Broadway, Feb. 21. \
The Sheriff has been notified that United
I States prisoners in the County Jail are entitled
' to credits for good behavior. ■
James MofiUt, James Sutton, Professor Ed
mund O'Ni-il, Charles Cushine and E. A.
Howard will enjoy a coach ride to Mount
Diablo to-morrow.
Emma O. Warren has been granted a divorce
from Ernest Warren on the ground of deser
j tion, with the custody of two minor children.
j There wa3 no order as to alimony.
Patrick Kelley has sued C. Anderson, P.
Butt and J. R. I'ctersou forSlßso, alleged to be
I due for negotiating an exchange of the Hay
; wards brewery for the Goodwin tract.
Complaints have reached the Chief of Police
that some partios are poisoning dogs in the
j vicinity of Fifteenth and Campbell streets.
\ Several valuable animals have been Killed.
Joe Silva, charged with appropriating twenty
piles, worth $100, the property of the Pacific
Lumber Company, last. December, tried be
fore Judge Fnck yesterday, was found guilty.
A certificate of copartnership was filed to-day
with the County Clerk by John N. Valentine,
Anson L. Munson and Lewis W. Williams, do
ing business as the Black Diamond Paint Com
' pan}'.
.!. H. Kilborn, arreßted as an accomplice of
H. Wilkinson in the burglary at the house of
J. C. Butler cm Lindeu street, will not be prose
cuted for burglary, but will be allowed to plead
guilty to petty larceny.
John R. Perkins, who was shot in the lung
at Lorin Christmas night by Albert Nfenzen
mryv, has brought suit against his assailaut
for £10.000 damages and $500 for medical at
tendance. The suit has been tiled by Crandall
& Ball, attorneys.
B. B. Aver has applied for letters on the
estate of J. W. Ayer, consisting of four lots in
Kast Oakland, valued at and propertv
in Amador, Yuba and Shasta counties, valued
atjfc'JooO. The heirs are the -widow and two
sons of the deceased.
Clyde Madscn, 7 years old, was ruu over by a
coal cart on Sixteenth Mreet and San Pablo
avenue yesterday and hail his collar bone
broken. It is also feared that he sustained in
ternal injuries. The boy lives with his uncle
at 1314 Market street.
The Exempt Firemen of this city are re
quested to assemble at 418 Eighth street imme
diately after the parade to-morrow, to take
part in the reception which is to tendered to
the Veteran Firemen of California, whose head
quarters are in San Francisco.
The Alameda ana Oakland Railroad Com
pany and Oakland Water Company have filed
an answer to the third amende *. complaint of
A. 1). Carville and wile lor $10,000 on account
of injuries received by being caught between a
car anu a truck. The defendants deny negli
gence.
County Clerk Ed Harkness of Butte County
was a guest of County Clerk Jordan to-day.
Harkness expressed himself as in touch with
the view* of Alameda County's Clerk on the
registration question. He gained considerable
information regarding the handling of the
work.
Owing to the fact that Exalted Ruler E H
Benjamin of the local lodge of Klks cannot be
in tliis city on the Bth of March the unveiling
of the monument at Elks' Rest, which had
been announced to take place on that date, has
been postponed. It will not occur until the
15th prox.
In the twenty-five mile road race of the As
sociated Cycling Clubs to-morrow morning
William Yoeman of the Reliance, F. A. McFar
land of the San Jo? 9 Road Club, F. M. Bvrne of
the Imperials, J. h. Edwards of the Olympic
and C. 6. Wells of the Bay Citys will ride from
the scratch.
The Seventh Ward Populist Club has issued
a general call to all Populists to meet next
Monday evening at the hail on Twelfth street
and Thirteenth avenue. It Is the intention at
that time to form a permanent organization,
embracing the old Thirteenth and Twenty-third
avenues ciubs.
Maria deNobra and Maria Corriera have re
signed their trust as administratrices of the
esiatei of their husbands, and M. c. Chapman
has been appointed in their stead. The estates
consist of claims for damages against a lumber
company in Mendocino County, where
De Nobra and Corriera were killed.
The census shows that there are 7948
stables, occupied by 31,580 horses, in
Brooklyn.
DEATH OF PETER PUMYEA.
He Was a Politician and Office-
Holder of Alameda
County.
A SUCCESSFUL LIVERYMAN.
He Made a Fortune Before Bicycles
and Electric Cars Came on
the Scene.
Oakland Office San Krancisco Call.J
<JOB Broadway, Feb. 21. J
Peter Pumyea, who figured prominently
in Alameda County politics ten years ago,
died this morning at his home on Eighth
and Alice streets. For several days Mr.
Pumyea has been sinking and his end way
expected.
lie has been confined to hia room and
suffered terribly from dropsy for several
montns. He has been before the public of
this city for many years and has held sev
eral offices.
Mr. Pumyea wa3 born in Fulton County,
Illinois, May 17, 1844. His father was a
Peter Pumyea, Ex-Chief of Police of Oakland and Ex-Supervisor of Alameda
County. Who Died Yesterday.
[From a photograph.]
farmer and the deceased, when a lad, took
much interest in farm life. In 1854 Mr.
Purnyea came to California, reaching San
Francisco on June 16. He was accompa
nied by his father and mother, three
brothers and four sisters. The family
came by the Panama route. They re
mained in San Francisco for some time
and then moved to Marysville, where they
engaged in farming.
In 1865 Peter came to Oakland. He had
then attained his majority, but he entered
Brighton College as a student and re
mained there for over two years. He then
returned to Marysville, and immediately
entered in a business of his own. He be
came the proprietor of the New York
livery stable, and remained in it till
1873. Livery business was good in those
days, as there were no electric-cars or
bicycles, and young Pumyea was com
paratively rich.
After leaving Marysville he returned to
this city and purchased an interest in the
livery stable of EL Newland, which was
then doing business on Seventh street, a
short distance west of the Broaaway sta
tion. There were few livery stables in this
city at that time, and the business turned
out most remunerative. In ISTfj Mr.
Pumyea had attained to a great deal of
popularity, with the result that he was
elected a member of the Board of Super
visors. He served until 1879, and during
two years of his term he acted as chairman
of that body.
In 1877 he was married to Miss Lorine
Turner in Jackson, Amador County.
On OctoDer 3, 1881, he was selected to fill
the position of Chief of Police of this city.
He retained the place until 18S9 and dur
ing that time he effected a number of
needed changes in the personnel and f-.ffi
ciency of the force. When he retired from
the Police Department he became one of
the proprietors of the Oakland Cab and
Carriage Company. He remained in the
concern about a year and a half, when he
purchased the vehicles and other property
of the company and opened an establish
ment at the corner of Alice and Eighth
streets.
Mr. Pumvea leaves a widow, but no
children. The surviving members of his
family are the brothers Albert and Nelson,
who 'resided here, and the following
sisters: Mrs. Ida Herbert of Oakland,
Mrs. Lottie Herold Johnston, Mrs. Jen
kins and Mrs. McCrate of Marysville.
Mr. Ptimyea was a member of Gray
Eaerle Tribe of Red Men, Oakland En
campment, I. O. 0. F., and Live Oak
Lod^e No. 17, Knights of Pythias.
The funeral will take place rext Sunday
afternoon at 2 o'clock. The remains will
be interred in Mountain View Cemetery.
ALAMEDA NEWS OF A DAY
A Father Swears Out a War
rant for the Arrest of His
Son, Aged 9.
Mrs. Dorothea Olsen Recovers Valu
able Property Deeded to Her
Young Husband.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Feb. 21.— The police
have a singular case in hand. Charles
Helling, ageii 9 years, is in jail under a
charge of vagrancy preferred by his father,
a wheelwright, who lives on Eagle avenue,
near Bay street. The father wants the
prisoner sent to a reformatory because, as
he alleges, he cannot control him. The
father declares that the lad runs away at
night, stays out at unseemly hours, stole
a watch from a neighbor, etc. The boy
says his mothar has driven him out of the
house and told him to seek a home else
where. Mrs. Prescott, the secretary of the
Humane Society, investigated the case and
sent the boy home instead of taking him
into custody. Then it was that his father
caused his arrest.
"Kejular" Republican Club.
ALAMEDA., Cal., Feb. 21.— The "Regu
lar" Alameda Club met last Thursday even
ing. Colonel Babcock presided. Although
the club is by far the youn»est and small
est, it insists on being designated as the
"regular" one. The club claims a mem
bership of 425. There was verv evident
feeling against the other club, but there
were many protestations of utter absence
of any idea of such a thing. The chair
announced that i:ereafter no dues or fees
would be exacted of members. Arousing
meeting is to be held by the club at the
West End on Thursday evening next.
Mrs. Olsen's Property.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Feb. 21.— Dorothea
Olsen has been in the courts many times.
She has considerable property and married
a man twice as old as herself. He led her
a sad life, and she had the law on him for
abusing her, putting her out of the house
and beating her, and finally obtained a
divorce. Her single blessedness did not
lone suit her, for she married Peter Olsen
over again, and not only that, but she
deeded him property of the value of
' $12.0<>0. As soon as she came to fully
i realize what she had done she wanted it
i baclc and instituted suit to recover it.
lln this she was successful. Judge Ogden
on Thursday canceled the deeds and
restored her to ownership, and it is an
interesting question now if she will go
back again to Peter.
To B« Reduced at Once.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Feb. 21.— The Muni
cipal Board had concluded to reduce the
rate of water for street-sprinkling from the
price now paid, 20 cents a thousand gal
lons, to 10 cents. But the reduction would
not go into force until July 1, 1898. The
| board hag now proposed a compromise.
; If the water company will reduce to 15
; cents at once it will agree to fix that rate
i for the next ensuing year. This, after due
| consideration, was accepted by the com
pany, and, consequently, that is what the
rate will be.
Patriotic Entertainment.
ALAMEDA. Cal., Feb. 21.— At Armory
Hall for Saturday evening the Young
Men's Institute of Alameda has prepared
an ambitious programme of patriotic ex
ercises to be given. J. J. Tobin will deliver
an address: Miss Jennie Jehu will sing
"Star-spangled Banner;" Dr. J. G. Hum
phrey, barytone, will sing; Colonel T. P.
Barry will deliver an address; Mrs. W. P.
Chipman will render a soprano solo, Ed
Thornton a tenor solo and W. J. Hynea
| comic specialties. An orchestra will fur
nish music.
» • >
Sophomore Class Meotine.
BERKELEY, Cal., Feb. 21.— A meeting
of the sophomore class of the State Uni
versity was held this afternoon for the
purpose of nominating candidates for
officers on their Blue and Gold staff.
The nominations made were as follows:
For editor— Chickering, Dickie and Hec
tor; for business manager, Baker and
Mead. Next Tuesday was set as the date
of election. Tue polls will be open from
10 a. m. until 4 p. m. The meeting was
full of interest and excitement throughout,
the questions of whether the voting
should be done by the polling or assembly
system and whether a plurality or ma
jority should elect in the case of the edi
tor having been discussed. Political strife j
ant! fraternity feeling were manifest to a !
considerable extent at the meeting, all of
the candidates baring been members of
different fraternities with the exception
of Rector, who is a "non-frat" man.
I. O. O. F. Celebration.
BERKELEY, Cal., Feb. 21.— The local
lodge of the I. O. O. F. celebrated its eigh
teenth anniversary last night. The Veteran
Odd Fellows of California were guests for
the evening of the Berkeley lodge, a large j
number of them being present, l. \V. I
Striker was president of the evening. Ad- ■
dresses were made by Past Grand Sire Har
mon, Past Grand Master Black, president I
of the Veterans. William H. Barnes, Past
Grand Masters Marshal of Ohio, Hill of
California, and Slater of Indiana, District
Deputy Grand Master Jackson, Grand
.Secretary Shaw, and Past Grand Masters |
Crossett, Slater, Burniiam, Benton and i
Burns.
I. A. Boynton of Berkeley gave a history
Of the Berkeley lodge. The agitation fora !
lodge in Berkelev was begun by Mr. Boyn- |
ton and F. H. Payne in September, 1877, j
and after some months of preliminary ;
werk, the lodge was formally instituted on i
February 20, 1878, of which the anniver- !
sary was celebrated last night. In 18S5, '
when the present Odd Fellows' Hall was
dedicated, the lodge had a membership of ;
over eighty, which increased to over 100 in
1893.
Athletes Entertain.
BERKELEY. Cal., Feb. 21.— The "gen
tlemen's night" of the Crescent Club last j
evening in the clubrooms was well at- I
tended. A lengthy programme of boxing '
bouts, acrobatic feats, etc., was rendered, j
Taming a Wild Deer.
. These instances of tame "wild" animals !
remind a Maine qentleman of what he saw ,
in Maytield a few years ago. He was driv- !
ing through that town, and at a place |
where he stopped his hostess, a handsome i
young woman, asKed him if he wanted to
see a deer. Takine a dish with some grain
in it, or something of that sort, she went
down the lane to the edge of the woods
and stopped, calling in a low tone some
name. Presently a fine large buck came |
out of the woods and trotted up to her as
tame as any colt could be. He stuck his '
nose in the dish and munched the food, |
while she patted his neck and talked to I
him. When she left him to come back to
the house he followed her to the fence and
seemed really anxious to go to the house
too. — New York Dispatch.
. : . — — —
The new Municipal Technical School
opened the other day at Birmingham,
England, contains 1:34 rooms, of which lib"
are devoted to teaching; occupies a space
of 2000 square feet, and cost $445,000. Its
expenditure is about $50,000 a year. The
school is used by 1600 ; students, of whom
about two-thirds are instructed in science
and one-third in metallurgy.
BERKELEY IS UP-TO-DATE
Complete Success With the Cath
ode Ray Obtained by-
Professor Cory.
INTERNATIONAL ARBITEATION
Meeting cf the Student Body in Favor
of That Method of Settling
Difficulties.
BERKELEY, Cal., Feb. 21.— A party
composed of Professor Cory. Messrs. Drew,
Le Conte Jr., Cottrell and S. B. Christy
succeeded with cathode-ray photographs
to-day. The experimentalists used twenty
six plates at an exposure of twenty-five
minutes, when the tuba failed. The nega
tive was underexposed, but it shows clear
shadows of an iron and platinum spatula,
a copper coil and a coin and a faint shadow
of the wooden base of the tube.
As to Arbitration.
BERKELEY, Cal., Feb. 21.— President
Kellogc of the University of California, at
the request of President Harrington of the
Washington State University, called a
meeting of the student body tins afternoon
for the purpose of discussing the advis
ability of lending support, as a university,
to the movement for arbitration of inter
national questions, chiefly those arising
between the United States and Great Brit
ain. A set of resolutions presented by
Professor Jones, eru bodying the sentiment
of the meeting in favor "of the arbitrament
of questions arising between nations, was
unanimously passed. The period of fifty
minutes, or the usual time set aside for a
recitation, was given to the students by
the faculty for the discussion.
Stiles Hall was filled to its uttermost
with college men and women when Presi
dent Kellogg announced the purpose of
the meeting.
Professor William Carey Jones, head of
the department of jurisprudence, stated
that one weak point iu international law
was the fact that there is no established
higher court for the settlement, of disputes.
Various expedients, he continued, have
been resorted to for the settlement of
these disputes, such as mediation on the
part of principalities, friendly to both
sides concerned, and arbitration in its true
sense, but there has been no setand estab
lished tribunal.
During the last 100 years about thirty
cases have been submitted to arbitration.
Out of these the United States has been
concerned in more than one-half. Dudley
Field, in his code of international law, has
recommended a board of arbitrators for the
settlement of disputes. From the outcome
of the Geneva and Bering Sea disputes, it
would seem that the measure is a most ex
cellent one— a measure wnich appeals to
civilization in the highest and most per
fect form.
Professor Thomas R. Bacon stated that
it is beyond question that there are many
useless wars — wars which involve no prin
ciple. War for war's sake should be depre
cated on every hand.
"The rourpose of thia meeting," said he,
"is to do what we can to prevent wars
where arbitration is possible."
Professor C. M. Gayley denounced the
idea of taking a recitation period for the
discussion of matters of this kind. He
thought that to take an hour from recita
tions to attend to such questions was a
Kindergarten trick and should not be
countenanced. "Why not take," said he,
"an evening or a period after recitation
hours for looking after these things? They
are worthy of greater importance. Itmus't
be a small question that has to be dis.
cussed at a time suited to all the students.'"
William N. Friend '96, president of the
Associated Students, Harry Hirst '96 and
T. H. Dam '96 spofee for the stuaents on
the question, all favoring the set of resolu
tions as presented by Professor Jones. At
the close of the discussion the following
resolutions were unanimously adopted:
Whekeas, It is desirable in the cause of cir
j ilization and the interests of .humanity that
the percentage of international differences
that lead to war should be reduced to a mini
mum through the application of the principle
of arbitration; and whereas, the common in
| terests of the United States and Great Britain
I and the common character and purpose of
their political organizations suggest the emi
nent desirability as well as the feasibility of
the adoption or some permanent method for
the amicable settlement of many disputes in
which their Governments may bir» directly or
indirectly concerned: therefore
Jtexolyed, That the faculties and students of
the University of California in a joint meeting
held this 21st day of February, 189<5, gladly
add their voice in favor of the movement for
the arbitration of International questions,
especially as between the United States and
Great Britain; and
Beaefved, That copies of this action be sent to
the President of the United States, the Secre
tary of State, the President of the .Senate and
i the Speaker of the House of Representatives,
also to the Senators and Representatives of this
State in ConjrresH, with the request that they
take sucn steps as may promote the cause of
this reform.
Co-eds With Mortar- Boards.
BERKELEY. Cal., Feb. 21.— The co-eds
of tbe ciass of '93 in the State University
liav begun the revival of the custom of
wearing mortar-boards during their sopho
more year. To-day a large number ap
peared in the time-honored headdress for
second year college women. The custom
at Berkeley has been gradually dying out
for the past four or rive years^ but the '98
girls propose bringing it again in vogue.
Dr. Jordan Lectures.
BERKELEY, Cal., Feb. 21.— Dr. David
Starr Jordan, president of Stanford Uni
versity, lectured in Stiles Hall this even
ing on "The Disappearance of Great Men
From Public Life." The lecture was un
der tbe auspices of the Unitarian Society.
NEW TO-DAT.
pimM ■" ■ ■■? ?in 1 1 1 1 iTH l *'Hii;iTiTiirn;nT»HTiii uxn ixi n
ITHAT Z
! TOBACCO f
J COUCH £
1 Smoke and , chew, hawk and spit!
: Throat's always irritated, consumption j
I easily started. Then comes pale, j
I bloodless countenance, glittering, rest- [
I less eye and ever nervous movement 1
: of hands and feet. NO-TO-BAC is a j
I specific for tobacco throat even if you I
a don't want a cure. Take a NO-TO BAC •
I tablet now and then. What a relief in 1
WO-TO-BAC &sjfok\
: Builds up the nervous syslc ■.'■", :
tem, makes new, rich blood. >i^^ ■
—just the thing for the weak, nervous I
man to use now and then. Get our !
took; read the marvelous record of:
recovery. You run no risk, for you !
can buy under your own 8
I DRUGGIST'S 6UARAME. j
i twj^^ru&stetis authorized to Bell I
g «o-To-Bac under absolute guarantee I
| H> cur ?« every form of tobacco using. 5
■ io Ur Iten1 ten Ruarantee. free sample of S
I To ßac and booklet called "Don't I
I Tobacco Spit and Smoke Your Life I
5 Away,' mailed for the asking. Ad- 2
§ dresc THE STEELING REMEDY 00..
5 Chicago Montreal Can New York 64 1
iit:ll 1 1 i.i > 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 iti in 11 1 : , ir , i m Mini hiti hi iii
CASCARETQ caud cathartic euro
****.*9%03\n8, I O constipation. Only
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
62oKEAEjrrNT. Established
In 1*54 for the treatment Private
Diseases. Lost Man tio<»d. Debility or
disease wearlDsoiibodyandmlndaod
Skin Diseases The doctor cures
others fall. Try him. Charges low.
ua <'nrf«a;uiirMn(<-i>d. Callorwrlta.
Bi. 4, *•• U18893T, B«s iyO7.San >'ranoUo»
1314
LANGE RAISING A MASCOT
The Great Baseball - Flayer
Nursing a Chicken With
Four Legs.
TO KCOT FOR THE CHICAGOS.
The Bird Must Crew for Every Victory
and Kick With All Four
Feet at Errors.
When "Bill" Large, the big center
rielder of the Chicago?, who is known to
nil iiis friends both here and there as
"Little Eva," returned to Kan Francisco
on his vacation about two months ago ne
brought a record as the best batter of his
club. He stood only fifth in the National
League of twelve clubs, though, and he
■wanted the matter righted. He felt that
all be needed to put him at the top notch
was a proper mascot. Xow he's hanpy
for his desire is satisfied. He has a
mascot.
It is a four-legged chicken. To be sure
that it would be all ri^ht Bill raised it
himself from a setting of thirteen brown
leghorn eggs he put under a Cochin China
ben in the dark of the moon. What lie
said at the time and what he did to the
Bill I.anceS Oncer Four-Legged Mascot.
[Sl:ttchtd frovi life by a "Call" ariift.]
hen Lange won't tell. But all of the eggs
were hatched, and the latest bulletins were
that both the mother and the little ones
were doing as well as could be expected
umier the circumstances.
The four-legged chicken is the only
freak of the lot. Mother nature evidently
intended it for twins and then changed
her mind, but did not want to waste good
material and so fastened what she had put
together of the second chicken to the tirst
one.
This extraneous part consists of the
lower part of a chicken, on whicfa there are
crowing two perfectly formed legs, only a
little smaller than the usual legs. The
second body is fastened to the lower part
of the chicken's abdomen. There are
bones in the extra legs, but not in the link
connecting them to the body. The entire
second body is covered with down, has a
pood, healthy color and has pulse-beats
through it.
The chick is now four days old. It eats
with avidity and travels around only
slightly impeded by its extra body and
legs. In fact, at times it rests upon them.
The extra limbs are not and never will be
of any use, as one projects forward, while
the other is turned the reverse way.
"Bill" makes a tender nurse to his little
pet. He spends hours trying to feed it
mush and moistened bread with a spoon.
He does this in order to have the bird big
enough to take on to Galveston with him
when he rejoius the Chicagos there on
March 1.
Laiue declares that his chicken will be
the most unique mascot in the league.
If it turns out to be a rooster, he is going
to train it to crow whenever the Chicagos
win a game. He points out, too, that the
chicken will have an advantage over ordi
nary fowl since it will be able to kick at
errors with all four feet instead of two.
"Wi at if the bird happens to be a hen?"
was asked.
This contingency had not been figured
on. Lange is willing to bet that his rooster
is not of the feminine gender.
"If he was," he declared. "I'd train him
to Jay an egg and cackle whenever the boys
came out ahead. And I tell you what,
We'd keep that hrn busy."
Lange i* a Ijan Franciscan, his home be
ing at 415 Spruce street. He earned great
local fame as a ball-tosser and was signed
by the Chicagos three years a^o. He is
one of Hi e highest salaried players in the
national league and is one of the most
popular with lovers of the great game.
BECAME A TERROR.
Oueer Story of n Yankee Duelist In
Mississippi.
Representative Catchings of Mississippi i
was telling the other day of some of the
early dueling in Mississippi. Now a man
loses his citizenship for dueling in that
£tate, but there was a time when it was re
garded as quite the natural and proper
thing to settle difficulties that way.
Catchings told a story of the experience i
o: a young man who went to Vicksbunr j
from •omewhere East, New England or
Pennsylvania, some time before the war.
His name was Robbin. He was a matter-
of-fect business man, young and of quiet,
gentlemanly manners, not used to South
ern ways, but disposed to let people alone,
lie came there to bu cashier of one of the
|.-rincipal banks, a position which carried
with it good social standing. In the spirit
of the times it was determined by the men
01 the circle with which he might be ex
pected to associate to mate a test of his
mettle. They began by one of their num
ber picking a quarrel with him.
He avoided the quarrel and did not see
it? purpose. One alter another tried to get
him embroiled without success. Then
they b«±,'an to put indignities upon t.im
and to insult him. His oniy moMc of 'e-
Bentment was to sav that they were black
guards, and that he would have nothing to
do with them. In a short time they h:td
him ostracised. He thought he was ostra
«i?-ii:g them. He seemed to entirely un
conscious of any loss of dignity or standing
in the community, and to io'ok upon his
isolation us simply his own voluntary re
tirement from wliat he considered bad
company. Meanwhile he had become an
object of contempt among the cavaliers,
and linally it began to reflect upon the
bank of which he was cashier. One day,
aft.-r ioine particularly gross insult had
been passed over by him with his accus
tomed siient contempt, the president of
the bank took him aside and explained the
situation, addini; that he must legain pub
lic respect or he would have to sever his
connection with the bank. Kohbin asked
what was expectfld of him, and it was ex
plained that he would hf.ve to challenge
one of the offenders to tight a duel.
"Oh." he said, "I can do that, if it is
necessary." He sent immediately a chal
lenge to the man who had ia-.t put an in
dignity u;*on iiim. Thisman was one who
had fought before, and was regarded as a
most accomplished duelist. He promptly
accepted the challenge; they fought with
pistols and both were * dangerously
wounded. As soon as Robbin got weil he
took up his tormentors in order, challeng
ing Lhem systematically and deliberately.
He fought eight or ten duels, killing some
and wounding others of his* antagonists.
The ostracism declared off and he was
niade a- lion of. He prospered, became
wealthy and prominent, but had the repu
tation of the most dangerous duelist in the
State.
He simply devoted himself to the code.
Richt and left, for little provocation or for
none, he challenged men and fought them.
It became his chici pleasure in life. He
built a massive stone castle on the heichts
overlooking Vickabnrg, which cost an im
mense amount of raone} r and was known
as Bobbin's foily. In this he had a long
room litted up as a library and armory.
Here he had all sortn of weapons which
might be used in dueling. Hung ibout
the walls were broadsword", foils, pistols,
etc.. iabeied with the particular duel they
had been used in.
The spiritless Yankee had become a
terror. No one dared to oftend him. He
was just looking around for some one to
tight. His extravagance finally brought
liiuiiicial reverses upon him. Suit was
going to be brought against him in the
courts for a larire sum of money owed by
him to some parties outside the 'State.
When he was notihed of it he wrote a note
to each one of the members of the Vicks
burg har notifying him that any lawyer
who took the case would have to fight a
duel. But one lawyer could be found
williiiL' to t.ike the case. He was promptly
challenged by Kobbin. They fought, and
both were so seriously wounded that they
were confined to their beds for several
moiUbs.
Then it was discovered that Robbin was
insane. When forced into the first duel
the sight o his fallen antagonist had un
balanced ms mind and made a monoma
niac of him. Sane on all other subjects,
he i.ad become entirely irresponsible on
this, and his career had been simply that
of a dueling maniac. He en'Jed bis days
in an asylum. — Washington Star.
THE STOCK MARKET.
There was no particular change 3-esterday and
prices were maintained without difficulty In most
cases. Hale <£ Norrross sold up to $1 40, presum
ably owing to a reported struggle for the control of
the mine at the forthcoming annual meeting,
which has been called for March 11.
There will be no sessions of the boards to-day.
The annual meeting of the Marlu County Water
Company lias been railed for the 4th of March.
Following Are the II tgliest Prices Oaring
trip I'nst "Week.
i\ipna
Alta ; _..
Andes
Belcher
Best & Belcher..
Bcxlle
Bullion
Rulwer
,'aWonlit
L/'ballenge
L'bollar.....
L'on. Cal. <fc Va. .
I'onfldenc*
L'rown l*oinc
iould A Curry.
Hale <fc Norcrojj
Mexican
Mono
>phir
11 13 14j 13! 12!......
16 13 16 14 15'
16 Ift 15 16 16.......
2B 25 26 24| 25
79 77 82 80i 80;
35 35 35 36 35;
14 11 12 1] 12
lf> IS 19 V0 '21
07 Oti 06'
37 38 39 40 39
62 61! 6:i h3 6] ......
2.05 2.05 2.)0| 2.05 2.0f.!
1.00! 1.00 l.oo! 9S 98
38 .3S 40! sd w
42 401 43 42 41
1.20 1.20 1.20| 1.2i) 1.401
67 67 60 69 68!
T.25 T.25 T.35 "i'.3O ' i'.3O '.'.'.'.'.'.
16 16 18 17 IB 1
1.00 1.05 1.05 1.00 1.00
62 61 64 6J 61
47 48 50 48 61
07 08 07! 07 07|
42 . S9 4.'i 42 40
62 60 54 64 63!
11 11 11 11 11
38! 37 401 38 40
— *— — — —^ —
,1
Overman
Occidental
Potosi
Savatfe
*eR. n^icher
>l»>rra Nevada..
I'nion
Utah
Vt-llow Jacket..
BOAiiu S.Vi.lis.
Following were the saiei in the San Francisco
Plock Board yesterday.
Urnl'l.AH MORNTN'I sirq^fnv f*o\f V IT^CTVa <> • 30.
VOO Alta 12 100 dialing... 38 lOOG C......40
300 Bi B 7t> 101) Cb011ar....60;i00 Mexican. .stj
50 8u1wer.... 19,350 CC*V... 2.001
iIIKRXOnN BE9SIOV — 'J:3IJ.
50 Alta 13-100 G <fe C.....41|150 0ph1r...1.30
100 Andes. ...ls 500 Hi.N ....1.35 100 SavaKe....49
100 B <fc H... .80;200 0ccid...1.00 20 Union ...50
50Ch011ar...61| |
Following were the sales in the Paclflo 9toclc
Board yesterday:
Itlni'Hit hh;botov — 10-7->.
200 A1pha... ..12 200 Cha11ne.. .38200 0phtr...1.20
300 Alta. 15 250 CCAV.. 2.00,200 1.30
100 Andes 15'200 2.02y 400 Potosi . .49
6008e1cher....24j100 Conti...7..S*b 800 60
150 B«xii 77j200 Exchar....Os 300 Savage. . 47
•-.00 Hodle 35:300 G<& C 40200 . 49
30 Bulwer.. 150 HdtN... 1.20 600 Scorpion 02
200 19 100 1.22W300 884 M...07
600 20 300 l.'iollOO SNev 41
300 24'3U0 Mexican..67j3OO 40
400 Ca1eda....07 600 Mono 14 400 I nlon C...51
400Chonar. ...B0 0ccid.;... 98^1200 L*tah....l()
300 r>9 100 0vrmn.... 17,300 Y Jacket..Sß
AFTKRNOOX BKB9IOS — J:"?l. '; v
100 A1pha..... 12:200 Challge...3B 300 Mono .... 13
100 Andes 15;450 'C*V . .2.05 OccldtL.l.OO
300 8e1cner....24|150 l.onti 1.00 200 Overmn...l7
200 B <fc B 79 300 O <fc C 40200 Potosi. .51
200 Bodie 35300 HAN ...1. 35 300 Savage. ..49
SOO 8u11i0n....12 200 Justice. ...ll'2oo s Nev. 40
600 Ch011ar.... 611100 Keutuck..of>;3oo Union 52
300 62200 Mexican. 200 YJacket..3B
(l.'iM.M. QUOTATIONS.
FRIDAY. Feb. 21-4 r.u.
Birt.Ail>ra.\ Bld.Aik'd.
Alpb» Con 12 13 Jackson 40 50
Alta 14 15|Julia — 06
Andes J5 16;Justlco 10 12
Kelcher 24 25!KentucK. ..... 05 06
Best & Belchet. 79 80|I.ady Wasa.... — 06
KentonCon.... 30 35|Mayn"owtr 1.50 —
Bodie 33 — IMexicau 68 60
8u11i0n. ........ 11 12 -Mono ... 13 14
liulwer _ 21 - Mt. Diablo 15 _
Caledonia 06 08 N evada Uueao. — 06
Challense Ooa. 39 —Occidental 99 1.00
Chollar 61 63 Ophir 1.25 1.30
t <■!■'. Ca;. .t Va.2.00 2.U6 Overmaa 16 17
COll. Imperial. 01 02 Potosi .1 61 62
Confidence 98 I.os>avaee 4U 50
fon.New Yorr. — 0»'» teg. Belcher... 07 08
Crown Point... 39 40 bierra Nevada. 40 42
EnsiSierr»-Na» — scorpion 02 —
Exchequer...., 05 06 Silver 111U..... Ul 02
Eureka C0n.... 25 — Hyndlcaia...... 02 —
o>oui4 ot Curry. 41 42UmonCoa 63 64
Haie &N0rc».1. 35 1.40 Uutu OH 10
lowa — O4iYeiiovr Jacket. 39 40
STOCIi A>l> BOND .EXCHANGE.
FP.IDAY. Feb. 21-2 p. m.
csrmco sutks b inus.
Hl<l. Atked. Blrf. Atkid.
D B4aeeup..lO9^ — U l*4s reg...108-v« —
Do. new 15.. .117 —
mcauinnn Bomn.
Cal-«ttCbl«sii. HOI4 - Do. 2d Iss 6*. — —
CalElecL 68.106 — PdtOßy6».los 120
CntraCWss. — 100 P&ChßVfls.lO3 105
Di>at-stex-cp 77 85 Pwl-st.RR6». — 1161A
tdsn V 6».105i^ - Reno. WL&L — 105
FitCHRR6».IO(»V3]OB iKiverW Co6s — 100
<>farv-siHsa. lOt 105 Stc;ol* Jt I. 100 Vria/.
LoßAmrL6l. — ltd .'KF<tNPRRSiIOOViIOI
Do,«viite<l (is.JOlVilO." -hPKKArizds — 85
.ilkl-3tCbleasl23 124Vi!bPRRCal6a-109 —
DoßvConsi..loSi.- l'»'j ,SPRRCaI&s_ — 97y 2
NevCNgRSs. S8 105 iHPßrßCaia*. 96y 3 »7",i
N PCRR6«.IOiy - ! KVWater6j..l22Vs —
NRy Cal 6j. 100 — b\"VVater4s._ \>s\-W 1
NRyC-uSs. — 103 sikiniiAEiJi ]02 1031A
(<ak Gas 55. .102 104y.iSunstTAT3j.100 —
Do. 2d Iss 55.102V — " butter-stRSs. 10914 —
Omnibus Cs..il9V» — Vi«aliaWCti» — ' 9J
Pkcßolliltis- — — I
WATKR STOCKS.
Contra Costa — 60 li^aa Jose — »5
Jlar.LiCo ... 60 65 iSpringVallsy — 99Vi
f.A-- BTfICKi.
Capital — 39 Paclflc Light. — 4f«
Centra.!.. .. 95 — Francsco 72V4 72»4
OakOL&H. 51 52 Stockton..... — 21U,
I'acCailnip. 7K»/i 79Vij
IXSUIIA.SI.B<ITOCtI.
FiremansFd.l6o 170 |Sun 60 —
COMMKKOIAr, HA.N-IC «TorK^.
AmerRATC — — ILondonPAA.l29 —
Anglo Cal... 68V4 — • |London.t.Sb\ — 80
BankofCal.. — 240 iMerch Ex_.. 12 —
CalSDctTCo.. &7y 3 — Nevada. — —
FirstNatlonl.l7B 185 hather B Co_ — —
Grangers — — I
SAVJNOH BANK HT >CIC
RerS^tLCo.. — l46oPav,t I-0%n.. — 102i<,
H urn bS&L. 1000 — BeearlM 240 —
Mutual — 41 Union l'ruas.Bos —
bFbavUnion4Bo — j
s.-K • T RAII.P^An «Tni-KV
California.. ..losy a — Oak.SL&Hay — 100
Oeary-st CO 70 , l-resldio iV% —
Market-at.._ 46 4By Sutter-st-.... — —
roTvmcit stock*.
Atlantic D... 15 16 Judson — —
California.... — 9S V.lgonc — 1
Giant.. ....... 16 19 '
Mi-i'Fli »\>firs RTnnn.
A!a«Va Piers. 93y a 99y 2 OreanlcßSCo — 28
BlkDCoiUCo. — ' 10 PacAurFA.. 1 —
CalCotMills.. — — Pac Borax... 98 100
C«ilDrvDoclc — — PacIANCa — 30
KdlaonUgaL »7y 9 88V4 Pac Roll Mill 29Va *"^V»
GasConAssn. — — IParfPaintCo. a^/ 8 7»/»
Ofr i end .o. 85 92Va PacTransOa — 24
HawC<tSCo_' 12i/ 8 12i /4 11u;T4 65 —
HutchSPCo.. 173/ s 18 f-unsetT&T.. 41 —
JudsonMfgC. — — UnitedOC*. — ... 35
MtrExAssnlOO 110 !
«n> ivii Mt«IO\"
Board— so Hawaiian Commercial, 12 4: 50 <10,
12V4! M'do,lS; 10 V Water, »9V 8 : 1U dr>, 99.
Street-S.*.«JOO N P C K K i'onds, 103ya; 50 S V
Wjuer, 9Uy«: $5000 h V 4% Bond*, 99^i.
AFTKHNIUI 1 •XSS-DS*.
Board— lo Hawaiian Commercial. 12Vi: 125 do,
I214; 60 do. I2y : .10 do, sB, 12Vi-
Strvet— 7s Ituuhinson S P Co, 17s/ a ; 216 Mar
ket-at Railway, 46.
IYii*t Is "An Edition?"
"What constitutes an edition ?*' is a
question that is frequently as!»ed, and no
body see ms qualified to answer it satisfac
tory. The truth is that In ninety-nine
out. of every one hundred cases later edi
tions are merely servile prints of the first
edition, and there mav have been 10,000
copies of a hook made for the first edition,
or there may have been only 150.
The first editions of all WorKs by Emilie
Zola number 20,000 copies each. In a Paris
shop, where only rare volumes are sold, a
first edition of "l'Assominoir" is valued at
THE SAN FEANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 22, 1896.
105 francs— say £4— but this book came
out at a time when Zola was comparatively
unknown, and Zola editions were then
limited to 1000 copies each.
In fact, in France an edition is supposed
to consist of 1000 copies, but, as Robert H.
Sherard says in a recent letter: "Publish
ers are not without guile, and to whip up
a sale a book may be issued in editions of
fifty copies, so that by the time 1000 copies
have been disposed of the book is in its
twentieth edition."
Concentrated Fuel.
A French naval engineer named d'Humy j
has invented a pressed oilcake for use as I
fuel on ocean steamers. It. is not affected j
by temperature, is smokeless and odorless, !
cannot evaporate or cause explosions, and
burns only on the surface, giving out in
tense heat ami leaving only from 2 to 3 per
cent of ash. A ton of this fuel is equal to
thirty tons of coal, and costs between $5
and $10. If the half of this story is true,
and M. d'Humy really has got a substitute
for coal which is less dirty, bulky and ;
costly, while equally safe and powerful,
he lias opened the way to all sorts of ma
rine possibilities. But discoveries of this
kind have been made on paper a sood |
many times before, and it will be well to j
await results before growing enthusiastic.
Cincinnati Price Current.
SAN FRANCISCO "CALL."
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco Cai.i>
-710 Market street, open until 12 o'clock every
night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES-530 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
SS9 Hayes street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
713 Larkin street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
SW. corner Sixteenth and Mission streets, open
ontll 9 o'clock.
2618 Mission street, open until 9 o'clock.
116 Ninth street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
CHUKOH NOTICES.
■Pag= HOWAitD-sT.^rETH^nTs : I
Vb-£r pal Church, bet. Second and Third sts., two j
blocks from Palace Hotel— Rev. W. W. Case, D.D..
pastor. Mr. Martin Scbultz, musical director; W. '
F. Gibson, Sunday-school superintendent. Hours i
of public services, 11a. m. and 7:30 r. m. Sunday-
sohoolat 12:30. fraver-meetinjr dnesday even-
Ing. Epworth League t>:3o Sunday evening. ■
Morning subject: 'The Miracle of To-day." Even- '•
Ing subject:. "Tne Devil's Forward Movement."
Pastor's residence, 212 Powell st.: telephone,
black 1131: church telephone, black 961.
jjr^gp CENTRAL METHODIST EPISCOPAL
•i-*' Church— Mission st.,bet. sixth and seventh.
Hev. E.R. Dllle, D.D., pastor; J. J. Morris, musi-
cal director; H. M. liosworth, organist; ft. V.
Watt, sunaay-school superintendent. Pas'or's !
residence, 1210 Mission st. The pastor will preach j
a 11 a.m. and 7:30 i: M. Morning subject: "Pa- !
tilotism."a Washington's birthday sermon. Even- j
ing: '-Outdoor and ludoor Spons and Games," i
fifth in series on "Amusements." Query-box. !
Young People's meetings at 6:30 p.m. Midweek '
prayer-meeting Wednesday evening.
K^S= SIMPSON Mi-: M ( i a i . METHODIST
Sb^-**^ Episcopal Church, corner Hayes and Buch-
anan sts.— Rev. John Stephens, pastor; residence,
309 Haight st. Preaching r.t 11 a.m. and 7:30 p.m.
The pns;or will preach at 11 a. m.: subject, "Chris- |
tian Prosperity.'' At 7:30 p. m. Rev. John Coyle.
D.D.,presidingelder, will preach. Sunday-school at
12:30p. M..C. B. Perkins superintendent; Kpworth
League service at 6:30 p. m. The public cordially
invitea to all the services of this church; seat's
free; ushers in attendance. Prayer-meeting
Wednesday evening at 7:45 o'clock.
[S^g^ UNION -SQUARE FREE BAPTIST
•* s - iy Church (open communion), Bush st., near
Larkin— Rev. William N. Meserve, pastor. Preach-
ingSunday morning, 23d inst., by Rev. l>r. Rowell,
former pastor. The evening s°rvice will be con-,
ducted by the Endeavorers; subject, . "Temper-
ance." Dr. Moore of Alameda, formerly superin-
tendent of th* Sunday-school, will make an address
in the evening. Mr. Norris is musical director
and is painstaking in his department. He will
I soon celebrate his twentieth year as organist.
Sunday-school at 12:30; Juniors, 5 o'clock, and
Y. P. S. c. E. at 6:30. Op< n uoors to all.
RT3P" FIKST PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH,
I*-*' cor. Van Ness ave. and Sacramento St.— Rev.
Robert Mackenzie, D.D.* pastor; Rev. ICdwin H. I
Jenks, co-pastor. Dr. Mackenzie will preach at 11 |
a. M. : Mr. Jenks will preach at 7:30 p. M. Sunday- :
school at 12:45 p. M ; Young Jfeoule's society of '
; Christian Endeavor at 6:15 p. jr. Prayer-meeting
i Wednesday evening at 7:45. All are welcome to
I these services.
j et^jr" FIRST UNITED PRESUYTERIAX i
j «* - Church. Golden Gate ave. and I oik st.— |
Rev. M. M. Gibson, D.D., pastor. Services at 11 i
am. and 7::-:0 p. m. Young People's services at !
6:30 p.m. Subject for the evening, "An Immor-
I tal Eleven, the Greatest Team in History." Cor-
dial Invitation to ail. s^atsfrn .
NOlitt lib' aiKJSTiXis.
I S£*"-5-=* FIDELITY LODGE NO. 18% F. ■
BS^»' and A. M.— Funeral notice. • otlicprs _*«.
j and roemb rs are requested to as'fmbl.- at'tjfaf' I
| Masonic Temple at X:3oa. m., SUNDAY, 'VN j
■ the ySd inst., f«r the purpose of conducting the)
I funeral services of our late Brother, P. M. JIEH- !
DEL ESBERO; thence to residence of the de-
ceased, SW. corner Buchanan st. and Paciilc ave.,
and 10 cemetery from Third and Townsend sts., by
11 a. m. train. By order of the W. M.
FREDERICK BARRY, Secretary.
"SfpS" CROCKETT LODGE NO. 13<J, F. jT
iSr^ir and A. Officers and members a ro /f\
! requested to attend the funeral of our late"^sf*jP
Brother, JAMES SIMPSON, on SUNDAY, r^yy
, 23d inst.. at 1 p. M., from B. B. Hall, 121 Eddy st
: By order of the W. M.
K. FORTRIEDE, Secretary.
i »S3p GERMAN IA LODGE No. ssaiMtM*.
, St^' 116. I. O. O. F.-The otlicers, #'^S^
the funeral committee and mi-in. its !
of the above lodge are cordially In- / "7ii'^"^ .
vited to attend the funeral of our late brother, C.
| ALT, to take place at Odd Fellows' Hall, corner
i Seventh and Market sts., SI .\Ji.\Y, February 23,
at 1 p.m. HENRY WEHSER, N. G.
'Evil Xiemeieb, R. S.
K^gr" ANNUALMKE.MING— THE REGULAR
I CS~*>' annual meeting ot stockholders of the west-
! ern Beet sugar Company will be held at the office j
: of the comnany, 327 Market stn-et. . an Francisco,
Cnl.. on MONDAY, the 2d day of Mardh, 1896, at :
the hour of 11 O'clock a m.. for the purpose of
electing a Board of Directors to serve for the en-
suing year and the transaction of such other busi- i
ik'sh as muy.rome before the meeting.
Transfer oooks will close on Saturday, February
29, 1806, at 12 o'clock m.
E. 11. SHELDON. Secretary.
BPECIAX NOTICES.
E>-3s^~NoTiH^OWlW 7 !^^^
ar<*r encc of scarlet fever in many parts of the
1 city the friends of the children In the San Fran- :
i ci oo ProtestantOrphan Asylum will not be allowed !
i to visit them as CusiOinary on friends' day, Fridav, i
; Feb. 28, for fear Of bringing the contagion. Good |
. health prevails atihe institution now and thedesire
is to maintain it. By order of the President.
leE^SjP Mi.-- GRACE JLESLIE WOULD LIKE A
iF^? position as an artist's model. 215 Post St.,
room 8.
; <E»^s== MANICURE— MLLE. LOUISE ROLLIXJ i
lir^r from Paris, and FRIDA SCHONSIGEL, !
j from Berlin. 212 Ellis st.
sfir^» PROF. KNOTT. MAGNETIC HEALER
«*-*^ and life-reader. 1077 Market st.
Bf^gp MME. MKKANDA, 17 GK ANT AVE." i
Sb^JS" patifir 1; vapor and electric bi'.ths. ; -
jCr^V' BIG OUTDOOR STEREOI'fTcON BHOW !
w~-&' every night cor. Marketana Sixth sts.; artis- i
I tic advertisements in living lielit: promoters of I
j business. Consult OWL ADV. CO., 1140 .MarKet. j
| StT-Jlp BAD TENANTS EJECTED FOR 91. ■
i it-JS» Collections made, city or country. Pacifla i
, Collection Co., 415 Moatgy Bt., room 6, Tel. 6580.
WlMiiiW- Ci.BANKI) AND FLOORS
B^ l^ scrubbed; reasonable rate^: payment for
damages eiti'.ranteed. C. KOSrSI A CO., 242 Sutter.
JP^^=> I>R- EUGENE ROLAND. MAGNETIC i
Dr-C^ treatment lorrhmatlsm.r. '--0, 116a Grant av
-jr3§=* MRS. NETA, CHIROPODIST; ELECTRO
s»-^ .. treatment. Oliice 11, 5V 2 Kearny st.
|3> EVA OOIIDBTKIN— GIVES LESSON SoX ',
b--* 7 the antohsrp. Parlor 2, 120a Eddy st.
r3r" MMK. HANSUN AND ASSISTANTS— !
lb*JS Electric, vapor, salt water hs. 116 Taylor.
ra^pFAN: i '. DAVIS.MANICUItE PARLORS,
•a-*' moved from 202 to 122 Post: parlors I& B. \
S?^g= MISS WILLIAMS. INSTRUCTION ON
| Kb*-& piano. Room 15, iCI Gran; ave. '
1 S-S 3 20 - A posr-ir«' a~coh en," "genuine
I Vr-*r Parisian bittlis. Oflicps 2 and 3.
I ISPS' GYPSY CARD READER; 25c AND C P.
I v*- & - Room 2, 12 Muson st.
RPS=* MAE EDWARDS HAS RETURNED TO
IV-C 30 Vis Sutler, room 3; genuine magnetic !
treatmen .
griS*^ VES.TA GOLDSMITH. GENUINE JEW- J
p^, ish massage. Offices 47-48, 850 Market st. |
rS>"jlilS. 8088, 1035 MARKET S |7, ROOM
•^-*' 8. gecond floor; genuine massage treatment.
tTS 3 DR. HOSE CLEVELAND RETURNED; '
I *^ Chicago baths; i-.ttdts. R.4, 1 16a Grant ave.
B£-^S=* CHEAPEST AND BEST IN AMERICA— !
THE WEEKLY CALL, sent to any address
In the United States or Canada one vear for $1 50,
postage free. .
SITUATIONS UAMKU-FKMALE.
\TEAT, REFINED GIRL DESIRES SITU A- i
X' tloi) as maid and seamstess; 3 years last place. i
MISSCULLKN, 323 Sutler st. Tel. main si>2o.
I" MRST-CLASS GERMAN COOK. 3 YEARS
-T last place, desires situation. MISS CULLEN
323 butter st. Telephone main 5520.
\\T ANTED— BY NEAT WOMAN, LIVING AT |
| » ' home, any kind of light work by the day, week .
l or month: can niHiiti and make for children. Ap- j
ply 2 days, 2133 Busb st., cor. Fillmore.
\\T IDOW, 38 YEAI'.S OLD, L'NINCI?MBKRED
'• wishes position us housekeeper; city or coun-
try. Address H. K., box 71, Call Otlice.
ITUATION WANTED BY COMPETENT i
girl for general iiousework andcookinsr: cood I
reference. •- 633 Post st. •
ITUATION WANTED BY COMPETENT
waitres or second work and sewing. Please
cail or address 6271/2 Linden ave., near ocvavia.
ASTERN LADY, GENTS' • AND LADIES'
plain sewing. 28y a Sixth St., room 8.
jrHTATTONS ■WANTKD-Contlnnert.
COMPEtTsnT AMERICAN WOM AN W ISHfTs
to do general housework: good cook, washer
and Ironer: would work bv the day; good reier-
ence. 924 Washington st. '.
IDDLE-AIiED RELIABLE WOMAN (GER- j
-L»i- man) wishes a place to do housework: citv or
country. Address Prescott House, cor. Kearny
and Pacific sts.
y OUNG GIRL WISHES WORK, WITH THE
■J- priviU-geof going school; small wages. Ad-
dress F. P., box 68, Call Office.
TVEaFEcTA BLE SWEDISH LADY WANTS
±\i position as housekeeper tor elderly gentleman
or widow. Address MISS ANDERSON, 1926 Mar-
ket st., room 35.
"U DUCAT ED GERMAN NURSERY GOVER-
I XJ ness desires position; Is wiHing to teach, do
I sewing and make herself generallv useful. Address
W.. box 40. this office.
yOUNG WOMAN WANTS "SITUATION TO
■L do general housework in small familv; is good
cook. Address A. M.. Call Branch Olhce. 116 Ninth.
V ' OUNG M A R i I) WOMAN WISHES PLACK i
J- In respectable family; would like to care for I
child 20 months o:d. Address M., box 25, Call
Office, Oakland.
; I)KFINED YOUNG WIDOW WISHES SITUA-
S\, 1 1011 as housekeeper. 1020 Market St., r. 12,
opposite Fifth.
IiESPECTABLE MIDDLE-AGEO WOMAN
Xt wants situation; smart and healthy: good i
] housekeeper, or take care of sick: is a cood mother I
I to motherlt-Hs children. Call 241 Fifteenth st.,
! near Mission.
G\ KKMAN GIRL WANTS POSITION FOR I
\-» cookine and housework. Inquire 163 Teharua 1
St., second floor.
yOUNQ GERMAN WOMAN WISHES WOIIK
X by the day, washing or housec!eaning; 50 a
day. Address 67 Clementina st., rear.
pOMPETENT, RELIABLE WOMAN WANTS
\J situation to do general housework: city or short
distance in country; is willing and obliging; good
references. Call or address 27Va Fourth St., over
flower-store.
G" I ER MAN GIRL WANTS SITUATION TO DO
It* ho " s eworl < and plain cooking In small family;
$16 or $lb per month. Call 718 Valencia st.
"yOUNG WIDOW WISHES POSITION AS
X housekeeper. 28^ Sixth st., room 11.
pOMPETENT WOMAn7~GOOd"~COOK AND
\J laundress, wants cooking or housework in pri-
vate family. Jewish or American. Call or address
; 440 seventeenth st.. bet. Valencia and Guerrero.
r> E9PEC iA BLE MIDDLE - AGED LADY;
J t with daughter, wishes position as housekeeper-
references if required. Call or address 4V-> Yerba
Buena. bet. Taylor and Mason, off clay.
I rOUSEKEEP POSITION WANTED BY
j XX a. womiin of 30. Call or address 240 Shotwell
; St., bet. Sixteenth and Seventeenth.
n IRL WISHES TO GO OUT BY THE DAY TO
yj do dressmaking and plain sewing. Send postal
to 9Soy 2 lioward St., room 5.
]>ESPECTABLE WOMAN WISHES PLACE
Xt in small family; city or country; washing, iron-
ing, cooking and general housework. Addresser
I call 6" Everett St.; 110 postals.
j y OUNG WOMAN WITH TRADE WOULD
I -L like housMvo-k few hours daily, morning and
! evening, for her board and $1 50 a week. Address
4341/2 Hayes st. ,
ydUNG WOMAN. WITH A FRESH BREAST
J- of milk, would like a situation as wetnurs*.
Apply_l4B Clara st.. between Fourth and Fifth.
pAPABLE AGREEABLE CONSCIENTIOUS
\J American ladv will give services to elderly or
i middle-aged lady in exchange for pleasant retint-d
I home and pin-money. ••Pin-money," box 114, Call.
pO mpet K N T fir s f DRESSMAKER
\J wants to take full charge of dressmaKing estab-
lishment" In country town; highest references.
Call or address C. K., 1 3:;« Valencia st.
p'OMPETENT IJKRMAN GIRL WANTS sit-
\J nation to do general housework; is good plain
cook. Call or address 1313 .Stockton at., room 27.
yOUNG GERMAN WIDOW. WITH 8-YEAR-
X old girl, wishes position, do eeneral housework.
Apply 1098 Thirteenth St., Oakland.
y"l' N G WOMAN WISHES POSITION AS
X housekeeper; excellent cook. ■ 1148 SuLter St..
room 24.
GENTLEMEN'S MENDING NEATLY DONE
at room 22, 105 Stockton st.
AN AMERICAN WIDOW DESIUES A I'OSI-
-fV tion as housekeeper or companion. Widow,
box 20, Call office, Oakland.
yOUNG women FROM THE COUNTRY
j X would like any kind of sewing or mending.
1169 Mission st., nr. Eighth, room 15, second floor. |
EFINEi) YOUNG WOMAN WISHES PO-
sition as housekpeper. 203 Powell St., room 6.
A MERICAN WORKING IoU S E KEEI'F. R !
-i» wa ts situation. Call or address 9 Mastick
terrace, Alameda.
T ADY w ishks posTtion as house-
-1-i kf-eper; is good dressmaker. 137 Seventh St.,
I room 1.
ADY WISHES A POSITION AS JHOUSE-
keeper. 215a Post st., room 15.
■\7" ISITING GOVERNESS, A N EXPERI-
> enced teacher holding Eastern certificates, de-
sires pupils in history, literature and piano. V. G.,
box 11)4, Cali.
y OUNG si'ANISII LADY WISHES HOUSE-
X keeper's |iosition. Room 15, 1201/2 Geary st.
\Y INCHESTER HOUSE. 44 third st., nr.
I Market; 200 rooms: 25c to .*1 50 per night,;
I $1 50 to *6 i>er week; convenient und resf«ctable;
1 lree bus to and from ihe ierry.
.S I T L'ATIOSS \i" X>fK If - fll A B.
Pc. G. COOK'S SOC. SUPPLIES COOKS: ALL
X . branches -.short notice. *4«;e!irv, tel.Grant46.
UNTKK & CO., CHINESE AND JAPAM-
esc employment office, 17 Webb st.. low I
Kearny, bet. California and Sacitmento: tel. 23L I
JA PANEBK employment" office PRO-
O vides best help. 314u Sotter st.; tel. Grant 30. i
/MIINK^E AND JAPANESE KM I'LOVM EN D
V office; best help. 414y 2 O'Farrell; tel. t.. 426.
SITUATION WANTED AS BOOKKEEPER.
O salesman or collector; long general business
experience in this city; sntarv -moderate; reter-
ences if required. Address H. F... box 149, Call.
ARDENER — MIDDLE- AGKD GEft M
wishes si'.uatiou; thoroughly understands
greenhouse and care of private place. Address
I Gardeneri box tin, call.
yoi \!, man. 22, FAMILIAR WITH GRO-
; X cerles, also uiidcrstnn is the care of horses,
wish es position in that line, or anything else here
I or elaewhere. Y. M., box 136, Oalt
pOSI'IION AS COLLKCTOROR SALESMAN
X on agricultural implements, etc.; first class.
Addn a., boi 7H. Call Office.
BV FIRS'] AND SECOND ( OOK FOB HOTEIi
or choplioiise. C. R., box 56, Call Office.
WORK OF ANY KIND; KLKCTRICIAN BY
>* trade. Address E. 8.. box 93, Call Ollice.
y OUN G Man of 21, of good Al)i)i:Kss,
X desires a posi ion: Is expe-rienced, having jus'.
; left position of 8 veara' continuous service; refer-
i ence. A. DUNNIGAN. 731 Twenty-first st.
I IAHV PLACE 1 N THECOTJ NTI'Y WAn'T-
O ed; salary no object: a good home the main
thing. Address T. 8., box 17, this office.
j M I'OS 1 TOR WANTS POSITION ON COUN-
Vj try paper; can report or solicit; experienced;
1 good references. Address Kusiler, box H.">, Call.
X l .- AVI J.l 1 I'O.^il I.'N AS lI.IIIK KEKPEIToi t
*' any k:nd of Oflice work: beit of reference. Ad- '
1 dress P. D. ■■.. box 79, this office.
O ITUATION WANTi.I) l;Y . YnUNO MAN IN !
1 O family liquor-store; has experience; speaks
j French and ICngllsh, and No. 1 references from
, former employer. G., box 70, this ollice.
\Y ANTED— BY COOK AND WIFE. ON';
] ' ' ranch or country hotel. Address W., box 61,
■ Call Office.
\Y ANTEU-BY A MIDDLE-AGED MAN (KNG- I
' ' lisli), a Bltuation as cook for a bachelor or on ■ j
j ranch; can milk and make himself generally use-
-1 ful. Address B. A., box .'.■}, this ollicn.
~\y ANTED— (SITUATION AS WATCHMAN !
* * or potter in wholesale grocery by a sober man ;
' writes a good hand, quick at figures and marks
, well. Address T. 8., box 102, this office.
GARDENEB, GEN ErXILY: USEFUL, UN-
derstands care of horses, can milk; city
! references: moderate wages. Address P. M., 624
, Tweif st., Oakland.
T > AK 1 : f : , F0 B B >lAN, WANTS WORK AS
I such; city or country: reliable man: refer-
ences. Address I'.aker, 309 Third St., Oakland.
MAN WIFE (GKililAN) WITH BO^ OF |
7 would lik(> 10 work in boarding-house, ranch j
I or private family; \vi;e poou liousekceper; man
! willing to do an.- kind of work. Address M. G.,
45 Carol Ir.a St., nr. Sixth, bet. Folsom and Harrison.
ACTIVE MAN RBQI tRtS EMPLOYMENT ;
■cV expert liook keeper: has knowledge of ma-
| chlnery ; good al:-rouiid man: highly recom-
I mended; security. R., 15 Tllden st.
AN HON KS I, ENERGETIC, WELL-EDU-
cated youth desires a position in office; best
ot references. Address Experience, box 85, Call.
i QITUATTON WANTED; ' GERMAN 30 YEARS
0 of Hge. able to furnish security, wants wont;
uiideiB'.:inds handling horses; is willing to work.
Ailiir. G., box 69, Call. I
MAN AND WIFE WANT SITUATION;
-L'X man understandsgardeningmnd stock: woman
! thorough housekeeper: would take charge of room-
| ing house, s. E.. box 70. Call Office, OakUn.l.
' ITUATION WANTED- SURVEYOR AND
1 civil engineer: 6 years' experience with one of j
the Inrgest constructing firms in theUnited States; j
• brides, trestles and concrete forms a specialty. !
Address Engineer, box 69, Call Office. I
! STRICTLY FIRST-CLASS barbkr, WHO
! VJ has been employed In the best shops In the city. |
! Is d<-.-,lrous of place to work evenings, Saturday 1
aml_suriday. Address A No. 1, box 65, Call Office.
"T DVERTISKR, HOLDING HIGHEST CRE-
»' dentiiUs, offers $50 .to any one procuri him
! permanent Pinuloyment as bookkeeper in repu-
I tuble establishment. Alpha, box 67, Call.
1 kiCtly sobkr AND reliable mid- j
I >J dle-aged man wants to work . around a private i
place: would work for small wages for a home; I
cityor short distance in co. ntry. Address E. C,
box 75, 1 r.i-i office.
FKILAXS HELP WAMED.
i. W ANTED— 3 FRENCH COOKS, $30 AND §20 ; !
! '» 3 French second girls, 820; French nurses,'
S2O: German cook and do housework, $20: 1 voung
girl housework country, small family, $20. LEON
ANDKE, Stockton st.
\\ AITRESS COUNTyHhOTEL, $20; COOK
* » section-house, $16; office open to-day. B.
T. WARD & CO., 610 Clay St.
TTOUSE WO R K— VERMORE,"S2O; SONOMA,
J.J. $15: San Leandro, $20, and other towns; 13
housework slrls> city, 2o and $25. CULLEN,
323 Sutler st.
R K M-Pl?v- XtTRST; - OXE CHILD: $15nriSS
-l-t 1,1 EN. 323 Satter at.
\1 1:lKK ASD DAUGHTER. COUNTRY:
■I'-i- $22and«15. MISS CULLEN, 323 Sutter st.
S^SPt^^ 1 .^ 1 SANTA CRUZ; $25. MISS
O LLEN , 323 Sutter st.
pOLORED NURSE, $30: COOK. $30; FRENCH
V--' second girl, $25. MISS CULLEN, 323 Sutter.
\V ANTED - GERMAN GIRL, LIGHT UP-
»» stairs work and assist with 1 child, $20; French
chambermaid ana sewing, $20; two • nurses for
cn^idren, $20; colored meat cook, hotel, $25: in-
valid nurse. $20: three cooks, German st'le. s^'s,
■ToOaud two cooks, bo»rding- and res-
taurant, $30 arid $7 week; hotel waUress. $-0: and
girls for cooking and housework. J. F. CKOSETT
<fe CO., 312 Sutler st.
\Y AITRKSS COUNTRY HOTEL, $20: WAIT-
-d,x4 ss sma!l country restaurant, $15. C. R.
HANSEN CO.. 110 Geary st.
ERMa N UPSTAIRS- GIHL, $20, AND A
VJ number of young girls to assist and do bouse-
work, $15. C. R.HANSEN & CO., 110 Geary st.
TRISHGJRL COOK FOR PLAIN BOARDING-
J. house, countrj-, $20; waitress, near the city,
irla; njother and daughter or two friends, country,
$25; other places. MURRAY <fe READY. 634
Clay st.
W KDISH FIRST-CLASS COOK. $35 TO $40;
£J second girl, $25; invalid's nurse. $25; cook,
$-5; 4 girls, housework, $20 to $25; housegirl,
country, $20: second girl, $20. Apply at 315 Sut-
]V7UK>EGIRL, 1 CHILD, $15; GIRLS, AMERI-
-i-1 can families, $20 and $26. MME. LEOPOLD,
20 Stockton st.
'OOD FRENCH COOK: MUST DO SOME
v* housework: no wlndow-cleaniug; call after 1
o'clock. 2319 Van Ness ave.
CHAMBERMAID WHO IS FIRST-CLASS
\J waitress; no other need apply. 309 Powell st.
\lf ANTED-LITTLE GIRL TO MIND CHlL-
'' dr.;n. 664 Broderick st. _^^
ELDERLY WOMAN assist housework
and children $10. 27 Liberty st.
y OUNG GERMAN OR SWEDISH GIRL FOR
X general housework. 696 Baker st.
\Y A NTED— PARTY, LADY OR GENT. TO
'» act us treasurer of a show; fully equipped;
read.-- to take the road: small capital as security
reqgireti. A. P., box 126, Call.
9 TAILO«ESSE ■>. WANTED — FIRST-CLASS
-J buttonhole-makers and tinishers on coats. 604
Sutter st.
p OOD RELIABLE girl to TAKE CARE OF
VX children; wages $15. Address with references
MRS. J., box 64, this office.
\7" AMPERS ON MEN'S WORK. CAHN, NICK-
•> KLSBURG & CO. 115, 1 7 Hayes.
ELDERLY WO.v'AN OR YOUNG GIRL TO
assist. Call 32 Berkeley ave., city.
GF.HMAN GIRL FOR GENERAL HOUSE-
work. 604 McAllister. 10 to 4.
yOUNG GIRL TO ASSIST WITH HOUSE-
X work; sleep home. Call s-aturday. 208 Oak st.
APPRENTICES to leTkx dress CUT-
-lX ling and making. 14 McAllister. rms67and 88.
\\ r INCHESTER HOUSE, 44 THIRD. NEAR
'» Market— Electric lights in very room: 200
rooms; 25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to $d pur
week: i"»e bus to and from the ferry.
rn ii OROUOH ai COURSE ~ in ~ millinery
X taught; will prepare pupils to take positions this
spring. MISS ALICE HAAKE, 121 Post, rin. 46.
DR E A K ING, CUTTING, FITTING, FlN-
ishins taught; easy to learn; rapid to use: pat-
terns, 25c U|>, at McDowell Academy, 213 Powell st.
H^aTr dressi ~si^!Tte~A 35c: M ORNING
■ and eve classes; 101f-ssons,sl 50. 1248 Mission.
LAWRENCE PATTERN HOUSE— DRE^S
cutting school. 1231 Market st..t>et. Bth and 9:h.
MOST CONVENIENT AND lIKSPECTABLE;
Winchester House. 44 Third ot.. near Market-
-200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 per night: $1 50 to $6 per
week: free bus to and from the ferry.
A WEEK'S NEWS FOR B CENTS — T7IB
-rv WEEKLY CAJjL. Id wrapper, for manin«.
31ALli. UULi- WA^IKD.
P ESTA URXNT r ~BUTCII^R,~S^6^ SKCIOCD
-It cook, hotel, $40: 2 dishwashers, $25; pot
washer, $25, for an institution, country; i-levator
and bell boy, with good references, hotel, $15 each.
C. R. HANSEN <k CO., 110 Geary st.
TIEAMSTER FOR RAILROAD WORK; 2 LOG
-I cutters, $40 and board: barker. $45 andboard,
for the woods; vegetable gardener, country, 8>25
and found. C. R. HAN.SEN & CO., 110 Geary st.
MAN AND W7FE~FOR A PRIVATE PI. ACE ,
country; wife must be a cook; $4U and
found. C. R. HANSEN 4 CO., 110 Geary st.
>■) WAITERS FOR SPRINGS, $25. C. B. HAN-
±d SEN & CO.. 110 Geary st.
\A, r ANTKD-AN ENGINEER FOR HOISTING
"' works. 82 50 a day; 4 American miners, $2 50
a day; nurseryman, $30: marker and distributor
for laundry, $35; solicitor for milk business, $6U;
woodsmen, $26; woodchoppers. tiemakers and
others. Apply to J. F. CROSI-.iT <fc CO., 628 Sac-
ramento st.
WANTED— FRENCH HOTEL COOK, $50;
»' Jnpanese cook, $25; Japanese dlshnashrr ior
ranch : and others. Apply J. F. CROSETT <fc CO.,
628 Sacramento st.
■ jAKKKKs 1 PROTECT! VK 1.M0.V KMPLOY-
I > tnent secretary. CoNRAD TROKLL. 657 Clay.
ARBERS— FOR EMPLOYMENT CALL SKC-
retarv Barbers' A bso.. 325 Grant ave. S. FUCHS.
BA RS' A SSOCIATION OF i.'Al. EMPI.OY-
ment. Sec'y, P. C. Hamann, 238 Va O'Farrell.
ANTED- A MAN IN A WISEHOUBE AS
»* a bartender; must understand sell goods in
the store; only a well recommended man need ap-
ply. D., box 60, Call Office.
\\ ANTED— MAN WHO CAN DO PLAIN
'» cooking as pnriner in restaurant, near Market
St., with $125. Address G. 8., box 79, Call Office.
i/ARBi.K WANTED FOR SUNDAY. APPLY
i> 629 Union st.
OY DISHWASHER; WAGES $10. 1218
Point Lobos ave , nr. Geary-'st. carhouse.
W ANTED— PANTRYMAN. 618 CLAY' BT.
4- : i
COATMAKER FOR COUNTRY. APPLY 24
V Sutler st.
riIHREK STONEWARE-TURNERS WANTED
Xat once. U. s. Industrial Agency, room 167,
Crocker building.
Y\' ANTED— CASHIER AND TREASUHF.R;
'» salary »10<) per month: must deposit $350
cash. Apply inter 9, 873V2 Marvel St., upstairs.
pA.'.TNKR IN NEW BARBBB-SUOP; WILL
X sell half 10 it good man cheaj) 131 o'l-'arrell st.
BARBKBS. A'iTG\TION-ToTEr, Al ,>J|l)|';
low rent. 406 CastlO st., bet. Market and 17th.
BABBF.fi.SUOP [R8; 15CSUOP; HOT
and cold wa'er. IK Mission.
LCIiO HOUBK, 863V^ MARKET STVI
Boonn 20c, 25c. to 50c. night; ,fl to $3 week.
[JEST MEAL ON E A RTH ; WK LL COO K H^B
JJ courses, lOc,at -eattle Hestaurant, 137 Fourth.
SHOEMAKEB'S SHOP FOR SALE— GOOD
0 custom: shop must be sold at once. 2903 Pine
St.. cor fcaker. * ..;■.
L'OK SALK— WELL-ESTABLISHED SHOIT-
X makershop; account other business. 1197
Markets .
SICAMKN FOR KUKOPE, SOUTH AMERICA.
_South Africa. 10 S;eucrt St., upstairs.
\' I W AND SKCOND-HAND SIIOES FROM
-i-> ■_•:„■ up; men half soles, 40c. 959 Howard st.
\ KW wai. do HOUSE. 766 MISSION. BET.
-*• ' 3d and ith— Single furnished rooms, night 15c
to 80c; weektl to $2 50; clean, r,u!et reading-room-
strlctt-st attention to morning calls; open ah night,
\\f HAT UHKER HOUSE329 SACRAMENTO
'» St.: 200 rooms; beat in the city single rooms
20 and 25c a night, $1 a week: meals 10c.
T^Oll THE BEST ANJTTLe A N EsT" H)c MEAL
X try 13Vj <»rant ave.; coffee : , specialty.
KnnM i . n to GKT A finToTtT-'lish, du-
*J\/\J rahie calf shoe to order. £0. 9.>fl Howard.
(£•"1 TO $i PKR \V K B SU NNY itOOMS-
*4T> X large reading-room. New Grand, 248 Third!
ROSKDALE HOUSE, 321 ELLIB ST.; ROOM 3
20c to 50c night; .'•1 to $4 week: opeuall nig'hi. j
WANTED-Mi-.CH.VNICS, CLERKS, LABOR.
'» erstocall if they do not receive their jus: dues-
law and commercial collections; no ciiar"e unless
sncccssfiil. KNOX Collection Agency, 1 10 sutler st.
\\; A.VI-KD- LABORERS AN D MECHANICS
*» to know that Ed Rolkln, Reno House proprie-
tor, still runs Denver House, 217 Third it. - 15i)
l«rge rooms; 25c per cl ht: $1 to $3 per weelc.
MEN TO SELL MANHATTAN EOU 1-OOD-
__jMhe best. C. KERTELL, San Mateo.
W INCHESTKH HO DUE, 44TH1RD ST.. NEAR
»» Mnrket; 200 rooms, 25 cents a nijtht; readinz-
room: tree bus to and from the ferry.
1 00 Ml i-on TU T KK LODGING AT 10c, 15c
ioVh- and 2Oc B nl n: Including coSee and rolls.
624 \\ aslungton st.. near Kearny.
BEST IN CIT I--SINGLK ROOMS, 18, 20 AND
Pacific Housa .Commerclml and LeidesdorS sts.
WANTKD-MKN To i-KT BOTTLE BHABP
" steam be»r. 6c; bottle wine. 6c. t509 Clay st.
Al K^', S Vi-SOLING 50c: LADrEV 40c; DONE
-lU. while you wait. 638 Market, opp. Palace Hotel.
VREE BEER-TWO SCHOONERS FoU 6c;"
X also a bottl eof la^'er, sc, at 637 Clay at.
WANTED-SINGLK: ROOMS, 15c A DAY; $1
' ' ■ week ; rooms for two, 25c a day, $1 50 a week-
reading-room: dally papers. 36 ciav st. '
"rjUtY ACMK H.hm.. i»j7:iiAKKSTs.T, Bfc>
x low Six'h. for a room: 25r a nlKht; 31 a week.
TUST OUT; NEW M A ChTn K~f7i R RKPAIR^
« ing shoes: call and gee; half-soled In 15 min-
utes, done while you wait: all repairing done by
machinery : all repairing at half l>rice: work guar-
anteed. 562 Mission eu. bet. First and Second.
400 MKN ' SKCOND-H AN 1)1S IJ SHOJJS.SO.Vfh;
■■J\'U nearly nen- -J.V to ilil 25 f>H2 Mission st.
HOUSES WAMED.
ANTFD— HOUSE db^/ii^ TO 10 ROOMS-
"must be sunny; vicinity. Golden Gate Park :
new house preferred. House, box 89, Call Office. '
J* _ _ KOi> llj \» A.N 'X'K IJ. '■■ V
WANTED^ UNFURNISHED ROOMS^SUrK
pM^ii 6 tO housekeeping within 8 blocks of
Franklin and Geary. Address H. HUSTON" l 9 yj
Stevenson ave. '
AGKNTv WANTED.
A G ENTS W'ANTED^NE W NO : VELT 'Y'T 719
xi. Market St., tirst floor.
TTIXPERIKNCED LADY AGENIS; NO OTH-
XU ers need apply; big money. Call at once, 1020
Market st., Ist lloor.
THIRST-CLASS SOLICITORS WANTED BY
!-T the California Mutu Benefit Society; ladies
and centlemen; Bto 9:30 a.m. P. D. RAINE,
superintendent ofasenta, Murphy building.
FUKNITUKK WA2STKO
A^^rTu^rE^r^A^r^aTPTEß^TT^ncT^^oßE
than elsewbt-re for furniture to fill country
; orders. Leave orders at KING'S. R Fourth t-t.
f(AsH PRICE PAID FOR KURNII PBE, JA-
\J COB SCJIWERDT, 821 Mission, bet. 4th & sth.
A BSOLUTELY HIGHEST F RICE PAID FOB
Xi second-hand furniture and carpets by Lundy
: Furiiitiin- r<_,., si:-' Market st.: call or semi postal.
AVA>«TKt>-3IISCKLL,ANt;OU.S.
tStante : *d— so to abes^Fc t press
*" Lawn Cemetery stock; state lowest price.
Addiess G. W., box 69. Call Office.
"lir ANTED— BA BY-CA I AGE: GOOD GoN-
' » dition; must be cheap. D., box 89, this office.
IG HORsE.sl MUST WEIGH 1800 OB
over. BURNSTINE BROS., Fifth and Biuxome.
WANTED^YOUP. WATCH. IF IT NEEDS
»» repairing: best work at half the regular piic<».
DKCHB, watchmaker, 126 Kearny st., third floor. I
SELL YOUR BOOKS, CLOTHING AND JEW '
elrv to A. KI.K.IX. 109 sixth sr.: s<'nd postal.
LOST. ~~ ~
T ARGE B^A^K^^E^^UNDLXNIcrDOG^
X.J with front paws and chest white: one paw sore. I
Return to CaL Chemical Works, 27 San Bruno, aud
receive reward.
T OST— ENGLISH GOLD WATCH WITH !
J - J chain, on February 19, at the Mission. Return j
to 917 Twenty-third st. and receive reward.
OST-FROM STEINER AND WALLER STS.
to the entrance to park, a fur cape. Beturn to
31 Sanchez St.; suitable reward.
CU FF WITH GOLD SLEEVE-BUTTON; RE-
\J ward. MRS. GAGUS, 315y 8 Jessie st.
LOST— LADY'S OOIU WaTCH WITH FOB
February 20 on Polk st., bet. Bush and Pine.
Return to 1810 Gough st.
I , ( T - PASSBOOK WITH THE HIBERNIA
-LJ Savings and Loan Society of San Francisco, in
the name of MICHAEL DIRK No. 202,297.
riie finder will please return to bank.
LOST— ON LAGUNA. NEAR ELLIS, CLUS- i
-LJ tor diamond rinr; emerald center. Liberal re. i
ward for return to 1532 Ellis st.
T OS r— LADY'S GOLD WATCH AT BAY !
JJ V lew, outn ail Francisco. Please return to I
18 fourteenth ave., South San Francisco, and re- I
ceive reward.
TRAYED OR STOLEN— A WHITE BULL-
dog: ears cut; scratch under the right ear; suit-
able reward if returned. 37 Gilbert st.
T OST COMFORT ANITPLEASUBE BY
*-i not getting my shoes made to order by
GEO. BRYANT for $6, 204 urk st., near Jones.
WEEK'S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS — THU
WEEKLY CALL, in wrapper, for mailipg.
J-'OUNO.
FOUND^MEXICAN G BEYIIOUNdTc^WNER
can have game by paying expenses. 35 Ninth.
L O US D— BLACK COW. QUIBE AT 813
I' San Jose ave.
CLAIRVOH
\) kiiucKTu^^c-^i^^Rf: duce d— si— eod !
IV THE WORLD'S CELEBRATED
CLAIRVOYANT A MIST MEDIUM, "
PROF. LEO.s, gives advice on business, specular 1
tlon. love, marr divon-e. etc.: tells of your I
friends and enemies: interprets dreams; removes '
evil influences: call and beconvinced; hours,9toB 1
daily: also Sunday. PROF. LEON, 533 Post St.
MME. POBTEB, CARD- READER; TKLLS \
i'L past, present, future; ladies 50c, gents $1;
palmistry, clairvoyant, SI 60. 126 Tnric, nr. Jones.
I. ISST CLAIRVOYANT ON EARTH— LADIES
XJ and gents, 25c. 206 Fourth st.
PROF. Z Z I C, CCC U LT SCIENTIST.
X palmist. 303 Mj-.son St.; sittlntrs 50c; attend the
entertainment Golden Gate Hall, February 25.
VI ME. MOKEAU. BEST MEDIUM: REVEALS
■i'Apast, present and future :25c up.764 Howard st.
ME. RAVENA SllS DAILY: SURE TIPS
_on^ races; names given: 25c up. 828 Howard.
'QTARLIGHT" is I.IICATED T 116a GRANT
O ave.. parlor 5 ; office hours, 10 A. M. to 7 p. M. I
MME. DK. THOMAS, SCIENTIFIC KEVEAL- j
er by eggs and cards: tells entire life, pMt,
present, tuture; ccnsultationa on all affairs; noth-
ing excepted; n&mes plven: good advice: sure
nelp; restores los: love by sympathy, mistake Im-
pos^ibie; fet»i|ix: letter *J. 1)20 Post st.. nr. Larkin.
\| ME. ARNDT. BE>T FORTUNE TELLERIN
l'J the world: 50c and SI will show vo;i tho pic-
ture of your future husband or wife. 724 Harrison.
MR B. BAUMAN, Til E RENOWNED
■I'i- medium and card-reuder. 132 Turk st.
ME, STEWART, CHILD MEDIUM; THE
greatest enrd reader and clairvoyant in the
world: seventh dausrhter of seventh daughter;
ladies or gents 50c. 917 .Market . pariora 3 and 4.
SI'IKIIUaLIS-U. " ~
p YPSY M EDIUM— SITTINGS DAILY (SUN-
VJ davs Included); 25c. 946 Mission; hours 10 to 9.
B.S. SEAL.MEDIUM: SI ITINGS; TOBACCO
hwbit cured or no pay; obsessions cured; dis-
eases of women cured: hrs. 10 to 8. 24 6th, rm. 8.
\X Rs: J. J. WHITNEY, CLAIRVOYANT
iVI tnnce medium: sittings Si. 218 Stockton at. !
—--———_—_
HYPNOTISM.
HYPNOTISM frK^?EslviF?KTsM^T^G^TH^r^
XJ- Four (4) different methods taught in four 1
weeks' time. A rare chance for physicians, stu- I
dents of science or those interested in its therapeutic
effects, as by suggestion nearly all diseases can be
relieved if no: cured. None taught but those fur-
nis in« first-class reference or recommendations.
Correspondence solicited. Address J. WIRT CUM-
MIN>. I'll, <;., iiitUland Call o tli .
ATTOKNKYS- ~~~
Adv ice^Fr^e^diToTic^lTws'a !'"specT
ally; private; no charge unless successful- all
law suits, claims, collections, \vills. deeds, etc.. at-
tended to. G. \V. HOWE, att'y-at-law. 850 Market.
m J. MURRAY, ATT 1 Y "AND COUNSELOR
X *J aw: advice frt '■■ 24 Sixth st., rooms 14, 15.
WW. DAVIDSON, ATTORNEY- AT-LAW .420
» Calitorola St.. rmi 14-16: advice frea.
BICICI.ES.
\\r I N DSOR B IC V C LES : ST R ICTLY HIOH
»» grade; no stamplne: all laihe work; cones
cite'^,^rSts.^ eara A - ban -
P'ark cyclery-new WHEELS TO LET 7 i
J- oe3t accommodations. Terminu* Geary mV
Alllster and poweil nu cur lines. vm **'>
MthiCAL. ~~
A LIT F E m A l^^^regularitTes re-
XV s:ored in a fen- hours: safe and sure relief at
anytime; travelers helped ai once; home in con-
hiviue t: FreiK-h pills K arantt ed: consult free.
MRS. DR. WUTH. 91tf Posi s., newr I^trkln.
I. l.F>siN(iT(i -LAUiKs srn->.iu.s,. i-iu,v7 '
u temale troubles peculiar to their sexes- our i
treatment never fails to cure a single case: beware
of frauds; come direct (o Woman's Dispensarv 14
McAllisters;., next Hiiicrnia Bank; consult free
Dl:. and MRS. Da VIES; home in confinement-
French Female Pink Pills. '•
\ NEW PROCESS— MEDICINE. INSTRU"
xv ments or worthless pills usea; every woman 1
her own pnysician for all female troubles, no mat-
ter from what cause; restores always in one day-
if you want to. be treated safe and sur- call on mei?s
physician ;k.,owle, iK e can be sent and used at home!
ad cases ciiaran teed. DR. POPPER. 818 Kearnyat!
I ADIES— CHICH ESTER'S ENGLISH PEN-
«J o royal Pills , (Diamoua Brand) are the best-
eaf» reliable; take no other; send 4c. stamps for !
particulars. -Kelief tor Ludles," in letter by return i
ss-SiSaesa v^ C °emlcil com" 1
ECZEMA. RHEUM A.IISM. ASTHMA- HAIR
grown on bald heads. and othercl.n.nicdiseise,
treated at 1207 Market St., rs. -AS German spoK,"
I/V^ 1 ; 8 ( 'V, SllT KK " l - fl URtS. DR. SCOTT.
-»J -lb . uwell st.; only qualified specialist- «S'in
for_case I fall to cure; diseases of the eve, 0
safe and sure; $a 50 expres- r" n - don't B , er; I
until too late.' QBUOQJ . H kos., Oakiatfd Cal 6 '^ !
A\ H *- am, 1)K HERWIO, PRIVATE CON'" I
S^aso^i!r^o s E^,r^ ua «ffi :
r\RS. GOODWIN MAKESXsp'ecIaLTY OP '
mmmiEm
mmmm
PHYSICIANS.
iaaa.^,o:^g»n&,
BIJI WINU ANL LOAN AjTsT^rAn^T i
SJSWINO MACULNKB
A LL KINDS BOUGHT, SOU). BXowi -Kiri.n
A rented, repaired; lowe 6t rutei. E 205
PERSOSAI-S,
DrTBfETMcI.EAN, PHYS I cTaSTTotTthB
hair: scalp diseases a specialty; rooms for liv-
dles: best city references. Room 45. St. Anu's
buiidi n ?.
S*"pa"NISH.»FRENOH AND GERM A N ACAD-
-0 emy: Castllian. Paris and Vienna profei 3
lessous a week: $3 mo. 1170 Market at., room 37.
TF THE'GENT" AND His BISTER WHO
J- came from San Lorenzo Grove Fourth of July
nlefat with the party Uiat was hurt will Iresa
722 Powell they c;ui greatly ObUge N. P..AIKEN.
rpo THE NEW l'l. \CEit GOLD FIELDS OF
1 Cooks Inlet, Alaska For passage and freight
appiy to C. D. IADD, 9 Third St.
ENTIRELY -NEW HAltt RESTOK -:R; TRY
it end be convinced; so!d only by MRS. G. L.
HELENS, 706 Ellis St.; treatment at residence
a month; or sent by mail, $1 50 a box.
AIR RESTORER AND CUBLEB; ONE AP-
plication will convince the most skeptical of
its wonderful virtue. PROF. KNOTT, 1077
Market .st., upstairs.
"VICE ROOM FREE TO GENTLEMAN FOR
-.1 short teaching |>iano lessons. 539 Sixth st.
AZOR-FIXING OUR SPECIALTY: GRIND."
ing new edge 011 razor^Uoc; razor concaved,
60c: razor honing and setting. 25c, at the Razor
Exchange, 630 Market st.; Brst-claaa work.
T> EXPECTABLE YOUiXO LADY WISHE3
-It- roommate. R. M.. box 76, Call.
"OEMOVAL— DR. MILTON j'.~~ BOWERS, 124
-It O'Firrell. Telephone, Bush 21.
JTtHOSI NECESSARY ADJUNCTS TO A
J- nman's toilet, switches, may be had at G. LED"
EKER's hair dressing parlors. 11l ttockton st.,
at reduced rates now: 7.">c and $1 will buy the
best: artistic hair dressing reduced to 2Bc.
Cj I A KOOM: tAi;i'..is u,i.a.\lu w.. 1 .i.^;
tip 1 floor. 206 Leavenworth a:.
R.S. DR. NETA BRUNDAGE, CHIROPO-
dist; lost vitality restored. Office 11, s'/a
Kearny st.
IPREE— 20-PAGE BOOK. "SIGHT. PERFECT
! and Defective," postpaid. L. KUTTNER & CO.,
Opticians, 1644 MarKet st., Hotel St. Nicholas. 8. F.
RS. DR. A. SYKES. BEAUTY DOCTOR,
taken otiices at. 330 Ellis St.; steaming auU
treating ladies' faces a specialty.
A DVICE FREE; DIVORCE LAWS A SPE-
XI cialty; private: no charge unless successful; all
law suits, claims, coUectiona, wills, deeda, etc., at-
tended to. G.W. HOWE,atty-at-law, 850 Market st
RS. M. H. OBER. HEADQUARTERS O»
Ypsilanti Union Suits and Equestrian Tight*
Jaros Underwear; Ober Corsets for stout figu ex
Sole agent lor Equipoise Waists. Jennes Miller
goods and Oertrnde baoyontflta; great, reductions;
send for catalogue. 34 Geary st., san Francisco.
pIIEAPEST AND BEST; GET OUR FIGURh'S
\J for ppper-hanging and painting. Co-operatlva
PaDer-hanging Company, 635 McAllister st.
EGYPTIAN HENNA: «1: lI AItTTi y"e : PE rT
fectly harmless: easily applied; all dru^»ist»,
LANGLEY & MICHAELS CO., Egpnts, S. F.
<n»-| FO"R 10 CENTS — CLOAKS, JACKETS,
C?-l- capes, sold at 10c on the dollar In the base-
ment of AftMAND CAiI.LEAU, 48 Geary st.,
cor. Grant ave.
A DDRESSE D TO THOSE WHO WANT TO
xA. become rich — Invest your money In Stocktoa
(the future Chicago); I will sell you property for
$5 per month. Write to CHARLES PSCHER-
HOFER, 1706 Clay St., 8. F.
rnELEPHONE OYSI"ER COMPANY, 1443
J- Polk, sells high-grade chicken tamales and oys-
ter loaves; delivery to 12 r. m.
I/<OR FINE POULTRY AND GAME GO TO A.
J fSTRASSER. 78 and 79 Center Market.
PARTINGTON'S SCHOOL OF M AOAZINB
X and Newspaper Illustration; day and evening
classes: . instructors, J. 11. E. Partington. Gertrude
I'artiiifston.R.L. Partington. Particulars 424 Pine st
DR. E. BOBBINS, Til CELEBRATED PHY-
sician, lias removed fm 8 Mason to 1508 Market
EN R Y llu FSCH MIDI, I'LbMBElt AM)
Cftsfitter; gas fixtures lowest price. 623
Golden Gate ave.; telephone Sutter 471.
EARCHING.LOCATING.SHADOWING.TRA-
cing,cpIIectIng.ORAHAM'Sagncy,632Mrkt.r.a.
1 (\t'U\ B(j«INKS.-s CARD->, $1 b's : T E L E-
-IUUU phone "Black 141." HlLU22 Geary, r.39
BOURQUIN'S'CAL'A ASTHMATIC PAPER;
instani relief. For sale by all druggists or en-
tral Pharmacy, SW. cor. Grant ave. and Suiter
ECOND-HAND AS WELL AS NEW BARS,
O showcases, counters, shelvings, mirrors, des'is,
nafes, chairs, scales, etc., and a very large stock of
them, too; be sure and see slock and get prices b<»-
fore going elsewhere. J. NOON AN, 1017, 1019,
1021, 1028 Mission st., above -l.\th.
I^LECTRIi: LKiHTS IN EVER* ROOM— WIN.
-I Chester House. 44 Third st., near Market: 203
rooms, 25c to SI 50 per night; $1 60 to $tiper
week: iree bus to and from the ferrv.
Li i'. I: ADVANCES ON DIAMONDS, JEW-
elfy. etc. : lowest rates. 048 Market st.
CILOAKS. CAFES AND SUITS RETAILED AT
KJ mfra' cost. Factory, 20 siiinom« St.. upstairi.
OLD GOLD, HILVKR. GENTS' AND LA I>l E 5"
clothing bought. t'OT.MA?T. 41 Tliirl sr.
UKi--SSiJIAKtKs.
THE ART OF CUTTI^G~DrrESS~WAISTsI
without any .seams, tnught a. 28y 3 Sixth st.
COI GEARY ST.-STV isii SILK WA ISTS,
'^— *- goo<lsf urnished. !«4 sii Dp; latnat dreawr'S ?5.
t.ULL.iTIo.NAL -
qpTxiSHTFUE NC TTTNTTn >?£ MAN ACAD&
O my; Castilian, Parisian and Vienna professors-
3Jessons week; fs month. 1170 MarKet, room H7.
PRACTICAL INSTRUCTION IN MENTAL
-1 science, by DR. F. J. MILLER aud W. ,1. COL-
VILLE. 9J2 Geary st.
ROFESSOR G. MANSFIELD, TEACHER OP
violin, jrnltar, mandoline, banjo. 1707 Market.
OPANISH, FRENCiITETC.: PROF. Dl FIIT
OIPPE'S Academy Languages. 320 Post; eat. 1871
GUITAR, MANDOLIN. PIANO AND VOCAL
lessons; $3 mo. MARY WESTHAUB, 39 Fifth.
\|KS. MELV ILLTT SNYDER. SIUDIO 620
I>X Sutter st. ; teacher vocal music Italian meth-
od), pi-mound elocution; dramatic elocution' a spe-
clalty; vocal and Shakespearean classes.
NDIVIDUAL INSTRUCTION BOOKKEEP-
X Ing, shorthand, etc. Stiehl'a Coilegi;. 723 Market.
STUDENTS PREPARED FOR THE UNIVER-
O sity, law and medical colleges; day and evenin«
classes. 333-335 Phelan building.
L>ELASCO'S LYCEUM SCHOOL OF ACTING—
XJ Private theaVricals arranged; pupils rehearsed
on stage. R. 5 aud ISJ, 1.0.0.F. block. 7th and Mkt.
S" CHOOL ELECTRICAL, CIVIL, MINING, ME-"
O chanical engineering, surveying, architecture.
assay; estab. '64. VAN DKB NAILLEN, 723 Mkt!
\" lOLIN, mandolin; UUITAB, cornet
V taught. Prof. L. MERKI. - "'■ Geary treasonable
(JPaXIsH, FRENCH, GERMAN: MODERATE."
-Meisterschaft School Languages, 122 O'Farrell st
HKALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 POST ST.
Bookkeeping, business practice, shorthand,
typing, electrical engineer.'ng, telegraphy,- medera
languages rapidly taught. Write for catalogue.
V IGHTSCIKJOL-.HEALD'SBUS. CuLLEGE;24
i-^ Post: commercial, shorthand, English -. low ra'ei
lOLIN, MANDOLIN, CELLO, BANJO; REA-
V sonabie. PROF. FRANCIS. 1046 2 Valencia.
pHEMISTRY AND ASSAYING. CUNNINU-
\J ham's Schoo^cor. Geary and Powe'.l sts.
T>IANO LESSONS: CLASSICAL COURSE AND
I simple music taucht; accompanists taught;
lessons 50c. Call 9t012 a. it.. 30 Ninth st.
T OSEPH GREVEN, VOICE IMPROVER. 83
O Ninth st.
VI ISS BOLTE'S SCHOOL, 2297 SACRA-
-t'J. mento— Board. English, French, German,
piano: $30 month; kindergarten under new maa-
agement; coach.
ENGLISH, LATIN, MATHEMATICS, KNG-
llsh literature a specia.ty. MISS ROULSTON,
724 O'Farrell Ht. •
ELOC I TION— DRAMA, DELSARTE. PHYSI-
caI culture. voi6e culture. OLIVE HOFF
SCHROKIJ-.8. -J99 Hv.|,. St.: call after 1 P. it.
DENTISTS.-
I?ULL SET OF TE^rTJT^^r^VAI^ANTED
five years. DR. V. CAVaLSKY, 24 sixth st.
ET OF TEETH WITHOUT A PLATE. DK 1L
pG. YOUNG, 1841 Po'.k st. ' _^
DU. GEORGE W. LEEK. THJS GENUINE
Leelc dentist, discoverer o? painie?^ extractioa
utid patentee of Improved b.'.dge v.ork or teeth,
without any plate, moved from 6 to Ji) o'l'arrell st.
■J»A!NI.ESS EXTRACTION. BOCi CROWN
J- bridge work a specialty; plates, $5 up: 13 vearV
experle.ee. B. L. WALaH, D.D.S., 815*4 Geary.
I R. H. H. SHAW, 224 KEARNY — BRIDO I ■:-
XJ work a specialty; open evenings 7:30 to 9.
DR. L. T.CRANZ— EXTRACTION
crown work, bridge work aud teeth withoai
plates a specialty. 103 Geary St., cor. Grant ave.
pROOME DENTAL ASSOCIATION, 759 JIAU-
\J ket. bet. 3d and 4th, gas Eptcialisls; only rel!-
ableagent for painless extraction-, artificial teeia
frru $5: lillir:gs irm $1: extracting 5Cc. with gas SI.
$7 A SET FOR TEETH; W A RRANTED'_3
I good as cai» be made: tilling $1. DR. SIMMs,
dentist, 930 Market st.. next Baldwin Theater.
I \B. LUDLUM HlLi^ 1443 MARKET ST.."
XJ near Eleventh: no charge for extracting whea
plates are made: old plates made over like new;
teeth from SS per wot: extracting slic: gas glvea.
/ OLTON DENTAL ASSOCIATION'. HUH M h.
\J ket st. DK. CHARLES XV. DECKER.
rTjTjTIEEK, I'-Oti MARKET.COR.GOLDEN'
Gate ave.— Open evenings: Sundays till noon.
LL WORK REASONABLE AND WAXt-
raated. Pit. J W. KEY. 1122 Market gt.
~ ' HTORACME
A"~^pT^UR^ATES^6TrST7rRfNG^URN^
ture, etc. BHIBEK A SHIREK. 747 Market.
4 MERICAN FURNITURE CO.. 1 1 27~M AR-
A ket: storage at lowest rat-s. 'Phone Mint 32.
T, H. ROONY. 7512 MISSION— STORAGE AT
.reduced rates: basement storage,sl 50 per load
S 'TOR AGE OF FURNITURE, PIANOS, ETC.'
R. F. OSBORN & CO.. 751 and 753 Market It.
STORAGE OF FURNITURE. PIANOS, HOUSE-
ho!d goods, etc. J. M. PIERCE, 735 Market sc
WILSON BROTHERS. 1710 MARKKT-
j Ti fetorage: lowratea: telephone South 762.
.„ iu _X.CIIANGJI..
i n~Toli~bi'cycle7~ad^
> » dress 11. A., bo.x 136, Call Office,
("1 OOD BEN TING OAKLAND AND BERKE-
X ley property to exchange for land or ranches.
J. H. KDaON. 90S Broaawajr. OaUluad._^ BPPTMjCIW CnANCEN^^^
/ mjod-paying •ON;CARPR< OMS, 811 -
'' ltards, rurnisbed rooms, stand: tliorough in-
vpuisation; best ction city: party selling on ac-
count of departure. PROLL »fc LLOYD, 717 Mar-
kit st.. 1 ar Ib, rd. .;..;- : 1
U'OOD "aWcOAIi Y.xRD: HOUSES. WAG-
'• 0:1s: 4 siulls: Income 575 month. PKOLL &
LLOYD, 717 Market st. :'-:.■,-
c"fT: a d y MLAX WANTI o take charge
0 of a laundry rrfute: smnll capital required.
IVfIOLL & LLOYD, 719 Market st.
C? q %~C\ LADY OR G STLEMAS PA RTfvER
•■■•'' . in established manufacturing business;
WVke full charge of office: owner ohliiced to (>i> on
road; value in stock; xvill clear #100 mouth each;
investigation. I*l EllCi:, 22 Kearnj su
C; I rjm- PARTNKK WANTED IN CORNifiB
01 iO. saloon, one blo( .-. from vtarkei St.: good
< hanr. for the right man, M. Li - & CO., 753V2
Market st.
CfT^A BHANCU UAKinTY"~AND CANDY-
«4p L«JU. store; lanadryonlce:a furnished rooms;
rent (1 4. BARK E IT & S KIFF. 021 Market st.
5T7Tri young lady desires UQJJEST
v 1 LUL". gentleman partner in a money-makin?
tmsirifss; no trifiers neoJ apply. MISS P., box 22,
Call onioe. -
OOn/vT^" ILL 151 Y HALF intjsrest in
<C — v"'(» a Brat-class lunch place: only those
who meal bu.-iiu-ss answer. T. IS., box 2S, Call.
fife *rj- VAIUKTY STOKE, NKAR SCHOOL;
O'i* <-'• noo:)iH>s:titin;livinz-rooms: cheap rent;
cash trade. Address '{^-.bj^ 76, Call Ollice.
OPLENDID OPPORTUNITY FOR THE
0 buyers— For sale, a inor-store, situated on one
of the" best corners 01 Montgomery st. Inquire
Call Oillce.
T?OR SALE— AT ONE-HALF ITS VALUE, IF
JP.soldbefor March i. book, stationery and no-
tiou stori ■ t>ls Lark sU
UrANI ED- PARTY WISHING TO ; INVEST
>» SlO.i'OOin manufactiu business that will
!>av 20 per cent. Address M. K., box 36, I all.
D-'. ca <h . good
l<x-at:on: business established 6 veers. Address
«., biix 14. Call Offlce.
p "ENTLEMAN OF EtGE AND SUCCESS-
VJ fill business experience is prepared to invest,
<ro-E ?50tK) to if 15.000 in a. paying business in this
or suburban cities. ommercial department. U. s>.
Industrial Agency, room ISS, Crocker building,
flfO^n CORN SALOON: BUSY STRKfcT:
t$ t)O\J. cheap rent: old-established ana making
money. CULVER i COLTON, 90t> Market sU
V° K SALE— CABIN ET-MAKER'S LPLETE
-1 outfit; bench, tools, etc; hunting outfit com-
-s>lete. 1400 Van Ness ave.
/ > CERY AND BAR; 5 LIVING-ROOMS,
VI horse and wison; 3 years' lease; good location.
Apply California Brewery, Douciassand Diamond.
Bl and delicacies
store. 1733 Market st.
< J .vTi'iurfsToßK, ken-FsYu. a., box
C 1 !""' 12S, Call Ofllce.
r"OR SALE— A good-paying SALOON ON
1 Larkin st. bet. Post and Ellis. For particulars
Inquire at 26a Cedar ave. bet. 10 a:ul 12 a. m.
i"MNE CHANCE— COFFEE ICK-CRfTaM SODA
parlor: cheap. itterst. and Central ave.
Q]A[) HAY. ; GRAIN, "WOOD AND i UOA L
v"""t business: stock, fixtures, horses, wag-
o;is, etc.; rent $15; good business street: fine cor-
i "r: must b. Bold before M;ir.-, ij sickness cause
selling. J. 8. MYERS, 1002 Broadway, Oakland.
I.MK.-i-' LASS UPHOLSTEKEH AND DRA-
X pery man can have a chance to' get established
in business: lolng good custom work. J. D., i,ox
115, Call office.
OlT) EbTABLIB SI NESS in NEW
and second-hand line for sale; satisfactory rea-
sons given. 157 Third st.
QOP: A OLD-ESTABLISHED SALOON ;
*^ — O\f ■ good stock; fine fixtures; i-osi'.ive bar-
piin. 1036 Larkin st.
GOOD PAYING BUSINEf SMALL CAPI-"
tal; uo experience necessary. 15 Montgom-
ery ave.
Q "fx BRANCH BA KK RyT~cl\ ND Y AND
0 ' <-'« notion store; great bargain; must be sold.
1024 avenworw.
GOOD PAYING SALOON WITH 10 FUR-
nished rooms for sale cheap; on account of
leaving the city. Inquire at tS'24 Saoraniento St.
(1 RUCERV AND~"iIAR:' (iOOU LOCALITY;
VT must be sold on account of leaving the citv
Hickory ave. and Buchanan st.
RANCH BAKERY AM. KOTIOXS-STORE;
{uriiijhM rooms; no agents. 449 Guerrero st.
KAT ,\ UREA r RARGAIN.
Address Call, box «, Alaiiieda.
BRANCH BAKERY. NoTfON AND CANDY
store; op;.csite a school. Applj- 1124 Page st,
LD a Ml STABLE,
for wood iii,d coal yard. 935 Shotwell st.
CLASS SALOON CHEAP; FINE CASH
i register: safe: private rooms; cause oi Bale,
sickness. 209 Ell'.i.
" || FOR -sale: the controllin<;
\i. •' '"'. interest in a -.veil pquipped and pay-
irit quartz inino :'ow in active opera: ion in madbr
County. California: title perfect and full Investiga-
tion allowed. Address ; ooanza, box OS, Call
OiTiee, Saa Francisco.
J7 1 on E— VKRY HKAP for cash,
J st< am laundry; <loins-f 30tf per wceU. Addre_
MJ L.. box 254, Call OlllCe. ;■;.,..,
I)ES r AURA NT AND BAK K RvToW NEK AS
1\ oiner business: can't attend to it. 917 Mission.
BDELI-
J > encies and laundry otliee; cheap. 317i/'j O'Far-
rell s:.
R. [ON AND
JV business: $200. Apply at Call Offlce.
Q I" A RESTAURANT -IN GOOD RUN-
O "»*'"• nlng rder; everything complete. In-
quire Call Oiiice.
Q7AO. nVi^l bi:y kxclusive agency
»J* VJyJ for the Pacitio Coast lor 10 years: busi-
ness established; good-sellins nnicle; fi lest In-
vestigation Address \V. 55. , box 71, < all.
VOK SALE— A FfIK.NCJt LIvjL'OK-VroilE ON
T one of the best corners on Sixth s;re -t at a sac-
ririce. Inquire of E. ROBINET, 411 Vi California st.
Ql ■),.,! GROCERY AND~BAR AND FiX-
•_ »—'"'. tures. horse unJ wagon, including
outside cash trade; receipts $25 a day: present
owner iu other business, inquire NABER, ALFS
«fc BRUNi., 323 Market st.
*C»/''A CIGAU'STOI'.E, WITH BROOM
&\JO\J. and laundry office. C, box 108, Call.
P~" APER KorfE~FOK SALE, . i i.l GRAPH
Hill district, covers IS Mocks; can \>f bought
cheap, and chances for inoryßse aie very good.
Apply this olhce, principals only.
<',lill 22 ROOMS;, NEW CORNER HOUSE;
•_•""• all lull: low rent. 712 Kearny st.
\ WEEK'S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS — TIIS
-' V WEEKIiY CALL, in trraoner, for mailias.
LODGiN_-HOITSJ£a FOB BAXJ_
] 9 ROOMS- NICELY FTJRNISHED; CORNER
1- on Golden Gate ave. DKCKER, 1020 Market.
OOKTOMIHOOSE FOK ; SALK AT. a BAB-
—— Ruin. Apply to DECKER, 1020 Marke St.
I ROOMS NEAII MARKET; RENTi!?4S;
II price $500. Apply to DECKER, 1020 Market.
97-ROOM HOUSI-; AND LAUNDRY OFFICE",
- i clearing S100; price f550. CKER, 1020
Marlct. Bt.
"POO Ml NO-HOUSE OF, 22 ROOMS: CLEARING
il $95per month over expenses; our.ced to sell;
DO agents; none but principals need apply: mtiat he
cash: no reasonable, offtr refused. Addres3 L. U.,
lox 69, Call UiJice.
.1 I (\f\ WELL-FURXISHED, GO( 67"-
Ol JUU. room lod-ing-hi>use; good location.
613 Mission si.
"^j rAA ON At. COUNT UTHEU Bl; INESS;
0 I \JyJ, 45 rooms; cli-ariiiK $100 per month;
f 500 cash, balance Installments. 115 second st.
T' 1 J SACRAMENTO— positive!^ A bar-
UttT uain; 16 rooms; house well furnished and(7
years' experience.
OAO FOURTH— NEW HOUSE; WELL LIGHT-
OUi)eiI; room reni reduced. Apply to J. DE-
MA KT1N1.317 slilnjrton st.
Mi;;i'n,,;f; 101: salk;
. CntTarlor .srrTE^vo^FnT^ioi3:
Fj must be sold Monday. Call bet. 1 and 2i\ 11..
514a Turk St.
L'CRNniJRE OF 9 ROOMS: MUST Bl BOLD
L oedlately. 759 Howard st.
MISSION ST. '— FOIF SALE -- FURNI-
x^O— ture of 7 rooms: a bargain; no dealers.
T?OR SAIJi-SUNNY BAY-WINDOW 7-ROOM
J 1 flat; v.f'.i furnished. Apply 112 Golden ave.
TItOOMS FURNITURE. NEW ..:-.. $75
1 il«dioun«:e.s trimmed with flush .$5-50
Brussels Carpet, laid 45c up
Encllsh Linoleum, laid '. 4<>cu|i
Window shad-sin 5 colors 25c up
-lIIKI-.K <fc SiiIKEK, 747 Market St., opposite
(■ratit avenue; no brancn sioreg.
ON 1 : M ORE CUT—
Oak lioll Top Desks $14t0535
Oak Chiffoniers.... ; From $10 up
Oak HfdKeu *17f,0up
Oilcloths and Linoleums Wksnp
Moves and Ranges SSop
ThouKauds of bargains. We keep everything.
Cash or time payments. J. NOON.VN.
:017, 3019, 1021, lOaa Mission a:., above .Sixth.
Hf.. ECRAHKYJ lIJ.NIM RE and BED-
. dins; new ioldlns-beds, ; B and up; step-lad-
ders, 20c pr step: furniture exchged. 779 Mission st.
i». riowsoN largk 3tock., new AND
Ji/ ,nd-hand; 400 carpet* good as new; oll-
tloth, 25c; parlor Kults. $19 up; linoleum, 45c; 7-
pipce chamber suits, f,t f>o: coruice poles, 250:
ranges. B,'J: cash or Installments; goods thippai
irre. T. li. Nil. -o\. I'.'tS Fourth -f.
OAUfKI' Vij<;ANiNU.'
( 1 "1 ty sT KA^T ca • •-, j ( leanin«.,ici-:nova-
VJ ting, 38 Bth. BTEVI mgr. Tel. isouth 250.
'/UKl'B'l'H CI.KA.NKD " AND RENOVATED
'^ like new. FERGUSON <fc Co., 23 Tenth: tel.
3tf. D. MACKINTOSH <t('o., successors.
I~k. MITCH ELL CARPET CLEA^ ING CO., 240
•' • 14tfa st. ; cleaning :■(<■ a yard. Tel. Mission ; 74.
JJI • EN'S CARPET BEATING AND REN-
ting works. 468 Stevenson: tel. south 288.
V 1 joNAL CARPET BEATING AND RKNO-
-^> vatla? Works HAMI'TONABAILLY: layin?
M»lji!tprln(». 313-315 Guerrero: Tel. Mission 214.
U'HLN YOU BKOOMJB DISGUSTED WITS
rf poor wortc send to afA CLDING'a Fioneero'ar-
jgtjieating Works. -if.i-7 Tc'ianii; tei. 80-40.
OONKLIN'B CARPET BEATING VOM& 333
Ooldua Gftie ave. ; telephone east i-'B.
HT»V' ir ES TO LET.
j Af ODERJf -fIOU^E"oF^T"R?WM*sr^Ei?irDEB
1 ~'l kitchen, wine-cellar, storeroom, etc.; garden
: front and rear: sun all day; loca lon sheltered:
superb marine viou ; 10 minutes' walk to cemerof
>i'y; convenient oars; don't fail to inspect this
honse before making a selection; rent reasonable.
P. J. KENNEDY, 11 Montgomery st. .■■;: <
[V\l 3:|ll> i •■IRfST-CLASS DOWNTOWN 2-
\JfJ I story corner residence 10 rooms; any re-
qutremeata of a tir.si-class tenant favorably con-
stdpred: rent low. ' ■ ••■• ; ■
j• > • i• 1 1•i N g NEAR HYDE-TWO-STORY
'--"•! honse 5 rooms; cheap. Apply room 15,
l'helau building.
HOUSE ii ROOMS, BASEMENT, 15. 19 LAS-
kio St., 01Y .Mission, near Ninth. _____
9A MARY, NKAR FIFTH AND Issi'oN— 3
— ' roo_M, double parlors, 912; also 4 rooms, $14.
TTU) LET— ELEGANT NF.W MODERN HOUSE,
X 9 rootv.s and bath and finished basement; Jack- j
son st.. bet. Laurel and Locust; inHrine view: rent ;
reasonable. WILL E. FISfIER «fc CO., 14 Post.
If LEG ANT SUNNY HOUSE, 8 ROOMS; ,
AJ large basement: reasonable. 816 McAllister.
171 i7 JONEB-?4 SUNNY ROOMS; RENT
i1 " i 15.
1 t(U \ BUSH, NEAR POLK — HOUSE B
livt' rooms, bath. Inquire at 1407 Bush st.
91 1 GEARY— HOUSE OF 11 ROOMS AND
—11 bath; rent reasonable j key nt 217 /3. ,
•QQ9 -f\ HOUSE s BOOMS, BATH; MOD-
i£d—.O\J. ern. .1723 Clay, near Van Ness ave.
p HE. A PEST HOUSE IN CITY; 8 ROOMS;
\J bath: modern, $20. B34V'a Valencia St., near
Seventeenth.
HOUSE OF 7 ROOMS AND BASEMENT. 17
' Linden ave., near Van Ness.
1 AOA MISSION-SUNNY SIDE BAY-WIN-
-IUOU dow house of 10 rooms.
q q a B roo3isTmodkrn conveniences;
tJpOVJ. fine ueighborhood. Apply 15 Grant ave
71 AND 7S SHIPLEY ST.— 4 AND 5 ROOMS;
llfia. ■
qTq ELEVENTH AYE., cor r. r. AVE.;
<|10. 10 rooms, barn and stable. NICOL, 534%
California st.
ABY HAPPY; MAMMA SATISFIED; PAPA
contented: house rented from BALDWIN <fc
HAMMOMI. 10 Montgomery s:
FUKNISEUSD 11OISKS.
"\fILL VALLEY: GEM A COTTAGeT^UIV
iXM nisbed to let for four months: trees and flow-
ers: see photozraph. G. H. UMBSEN & CO., 14
Montgomery st.
Ir>UR5ftSHE D H< s_ OF 6 ROOMS AND
■T tiath to!.-t; rent $M. 10 Octavla st. _^
COTTAGES TO LET.
1 tORNBR ANd'adToTnUNG^T-WI^OW
\J couases; 4 rooms; just linished. Point Lobos
ave. and Collins st.
COTTAGE n lUKUIS; BATH; BASEMENT-
\J garden. 127 Cbifttanoosa sU, bet.22d and 23d;
electric-cars pass the door.
COTTAGE 5 LARGE P.OOMS, BATH, BASIv-
\J ment, yard. 814 Dolores.
OUNNY BAY-WINDOW COTTAGE FLAT; (t
O large rooms, bath. 540 Fifteenth, near Dolores, j
/ " u (1 TA ( IK OF 4 ROOMS. 2l BYJNGTON ST., I
V-' bet. Fillmore and Webster, Ellis and O'Farrell.
1 « NICE CLEAN "COTTA'JES; .?11 TO ?15 TO !
U good tenants. SPECK _ CO., 602 Market st.
Q] I COTI AGE OF FOUR ROOMS AND j
O-Ltt. bath. 1831 Union, near Laguna st.
"QUNNY COTTAGE OF 5 ROOMS, BATH, j
0 gaa. 1119 Vallejo St., near Leavenworth.
979Q bryant" AVE.. BET. TWENTY- i
—• — O fifth and Twenty-sixth sts Cottage, 7 i
rooms and bath: large basement, garden, yard and I
stable; all in perfect order: rent low to right !
I'arty. Apply to O. H. DMBSEN it CO., 14 Monl- j
, gomery st.
QQ fAGE, 3 ROOMS, ON PROSPECT
'.. •'• avp- Inquire 75 California ave.. nr. Mission.
£LATS TO LKT.
'TmKLL STREET, Na"4S6VNEAR LAGUNA—
T Beactl'ul sunny flat, just finished: 6 rooms,
bath, porcelain tubs and sinks, tiling, electric con-
utcUons; reni reasonable to reliable parties.;
mrjA eLegant up-to-date 8-
I room tlat; all latest improvements; very
sunny; marine view; reasonable rental.
('.OX 7-ROOM FLAT; EXTRA LARGE
UO«J and roomy; all conveniences; centrally lo- ;
cate<3; rent $32 50; water free.
LOWER FLAT— COR. THIRTEENTH AND
J-i Foisom sts.; tj rooms and bath; large cellar lit
lor business: rent to suit tenant. !
1 |i|-N^' ST., NEAR EDDY— UPPER
JL lUO flat; 6 rooms and bath; sun allUay; rea-
Bonable.
I OWEK i'LAT; 4 ROOMS; $13. 5277i GEARY
Ij street.
C CHOICE SUNN Y ROOMS, BATH AND ALL
tf modern improvements: $20. 1708u Hyde st.
ig."] 9" 7 ROOMS, BATH, RANGE, :ETC: UP-
«3T I— . per flat. Jersey and Sanchez s:s.
"VTE W FLAT; RENT <fS2 50. 552 CHURCH j
-i-> St., cor. Hancock, near Eighteenth. ; ; ,"■ i
QUJfXt COTTAGE, 5 ROOM BATH AND I
O laree • ard and basement. 2429 Post st.
MIDDLE 1- LA ' ; BOR4 NICE SUNN Y BOOMS.
220 l!i.-',: Bt. ■
OFTEH wan 1 i:lVTbrand NEW 7-ROOMED
corner tl.tt. 915 Hayes St., or SPECK <fe CO.
1 LAT, 4 SUNNY ROOMS. li EL\VOOD ST., |
X oft' o'f-'arrell, near Mason.
Q UNNY UPPER FLAT; ALL MODERN IM-
-0 provements; b.iy-window. 714 Ridley st.
XT PPKiTfLAT OF 8 ROOMS; MODERN 1M-
J provemtnts; central location. 615 McAllister.
DiRATED MODERN S-ROUM FLAT: SUN
all day. 847 ','app st.. near Twenty-fourth.
] T l'l'KH 7 ROO3CS: BATIITMODERN
U improvements; $2ti. 1617 Sutler st.
L-.IRST FLOOR— 4 ROOMS; LAP. ".K YARD; ''.
F unfinished basement; $10: clean and in gooa
ropair; quiet, attracti' private street. DEMi'-
STER, 36 Glen Park ave., oft' Twelfth st.
| MODERN FLATS NEAR THE I'AKK; 6
J: rooms and bath ; rent $15 tns2o. Key at prem-
ises, 1909 McAllister St., or 529 Frederick. - ,;"->:-
-©99 CA 2 FLATS, 8 ROOMS. BATH; 2
'J--..0U. sets double parlors ; modern. 1775
Missioust.
\riCE M DERN FLAT, 4 ROOMS: RENT
.IN reasonable; $15. 6 Dearborn st., of! Seven-
teenth, bet. Valencia and Guerrero.
O A 7-209 WEBSTER — SUNNY FLaTS OF 6
— "'I and 7 rooms; modern conveniences; rnt
reasonable. •
Q9A UPPEIi FLAT, 6 KOoM.s, _ATil. 119 i
; O— U. William st.,' near Taylor and Post- '
1 -ROOM: UPPER: NEW; SUNNY; FRONT-
T ing panhandle. 1622 Fell St., near Lott.|
1 (* SOU 111 PARK— UNFURNISHED FLAT,
iOl rooms, $10; furnished flat, 13.
■79f.« MCALLISTER— FLAT, tTROOMB; liAUN-
t^Odry; bath; rent f 30. .
Q1 A THREE ROOMS; YARD. 1706 JP:S-
%v-»-". sle st.. near Eighteenth.
ATEAR CITY \LL — 2 SUNNY FLATS; 5
-^.1 and 6 rooms; $21. $25. 147 and 718 Grove st.
IjilKE CORNER FLAT: 8 ROOMS AND BATIT;
. rent low. Haizht and Webster Bts.
 1 (1 NEW MODERN SUNNY flat OF 6
'Jit/, rooms, hath. 133 San Jose ave., nr. 24th.
OST DESIRABLE FLAT OF 7 ROOMS,
With bath and all modern improvements;
1635 Bush st. ; reni. f SO. MADISON & BURKE,
agents.
M WEBSTER— 3 NICE FLATS, 6 K., BATH,
4 r., bath, 3 r. ; rent cheap to good tenants.
ABY HAPPY; MAMMA BATD3FIED; PAPA
contented; flat rented from BALDWIN <fr.
HAMMOND, 10 Montgomery st. .
TpLATS TO SUIT— PART OF CITY;
" central. convenient, economical; Sacramento st.,
bel\w Mason; sunny. Apply 320 Sansomest.,rm,4.
5T ± "UPPER LAT 4 SU N NY ROOMS,
«^lrt. cor. Twi-nty-third and. Castro sts.;
also 6-room flats, cor. Fltteenth and Noe sts. ; new
and modern.
■VORTHWEST COR. EIGHTEENTH ST. ' AND
ii 1 lara ave: sunny upper flat, 6 rms: bath; $20.
QUNNY FLAT, 3 ROOMS; YARD; WATER
0 free; rent $12. Jis6 Third st. . ~ ?*■-,}
I^LAT, 6 KOOMS, HEALTHY LOCATION.
r$M; cottak''- 4 rooms, yard, $11. 6-9 Second
St., 01 -'T Branuan.
Q1 7 FLAT, 1207a BU H: 5 ROOMS, BATH,
• .11. gas, bay-windows. Apply 121 Bush st.
i.i. am NEW FLATS, SEVENTH ST., BE-
J low Bryant, 5 and 6 rooms, bath; $8 to SJI6.
TX"I 1 MIUSION, NEAR ELEV r ENTH—
luliJs sunny, papered rooms; batb; laundry;
very cheap. "
Xj'LAT OF 5 SUNNY ROOMS, BATH. 1013
-T Folsom s:.. npar Twelfth. ' ' ■■'
(f_Y6 SUNNY PLAT, 6 ROOMS, BATH. 23
; mlO, Birch ave., off Larkin St.. oet. Grove and
I Fulton. ...
; Qijl q A.NDCI4— II34 AND 1110STEVENSON,
»J 1 • > r.H-iir ilermiiii: nice ii;tin: cheap rent.
IiOUsiiKIiKI'INO, UOOJHLS.
California Street. -.
1 jnQ CAIiIFORNIA, NEAR HYDE— 4 UN-
-1 iUO furnished rooms, bath: rent $20. ••:• v;. -
Clay Street. -,
>;-|9 .. 3 FINE BUNNY ROOMS WITH YARD.
*£L.£. 2419 Clay »t., near Fillmore. /.
~ ■• -.- • I. fitly Street. "~~"^
91 Q EDDY— 2 ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEP-
jU 1 O ing; rent $12; private place. -
£*QO EDDY— BAY-WINDOW AND ALCOVE
KiOdCi sunny room, and others; housekeeping.
"JEl^ventli Street.~~~™~~~~~~
"1 ' 1 4 ELEVENTH— LEOA N T L Y FUR-
J I '* nish"d front sunny oay- window room and
kandsonxt kitchen," complete for housekeeping;'
bath; conveuieiice; quiet neighborhood.;
I iiinuii.- Street. /":?"
991 9 FILLMORE, NEAR CLAY— SUNNY
tLiiiXtU rooms to small family, $11.
' * olsoin Street. . ,
QKqi FOLSOM — 4 NICELY FURNISHED
OiJO'j housekeeping rooms; unconnected; ■ rea-
souablb. ; ■ 1
THE SAN FEANCISGO CALL, SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 22, 1896.
HOrSKKEEPINO ROOMS - Contlanad.
,: Fourth treet. f-^'S \ ' ; Jr?
AOZ. FOURTH— 2 HOUSEKEEPING. 1 SUN-
n:*)i) ny front and 1 sipgle room, ?S; private. * •
, howard. Street. ..
At) II OWA RD — L^VRGE SUNNY FUR-
• *iZi nished iront room; housekeeping: single;
SI a week. • ■ ;
1 1 zt9 IIOWARD-2 SUNNY FkO N f F U H-
X Xtr^j nishPd housekeeping rtns. ; rent $10 to $15.
IQiK HO W .-. I ; iT^TH REE UNFURNISHED
JOlu rooms forUsrht housekeeping; use of bath,
laundry, yard: no children..
Mi*Bton Street. -
r->l'l MISSION, NR. SKCOND-FRONT ROOM
wUi and kitchen furnished for housekeeping. \
OI r^ MISSION— 2 LARGE SUNNY CONNECT-
Ol ins: rooms, turuished complete for house-
keeping: $3 75 week. - - -
QAf\ MISSION— 2 LABGJfi SUNNY HOUSE-
O^tO keeping rooras; furnished complete.
| 09it MISSION-noUSEKEEI'ING room;
X "»" tt.ruunlng water, bath; $7.
I Q9A mission -2 oiTsTleasant UOUSE-
XU^VJ keeping rooms; furnished.
Xiiluma Street.
rjjr: natoma-i LARGE UNFURNISHED
_«J room for housekeeping; $5. '
Oak Street.
AQ OAK— $4. SUNNY UNKURNISHEDJROOM,
J-'O sink and stove; furnished room, $5 50.
O'Farrell Street.
£97 O'FARRELL-UPPER FLOOR; 4 OR 6
\)<Zj 4 rooms and bath; light housekeeping: ref.
Q9q O'FARRELL— FOUR N ICE ROOMS FOR
O««O housekeeping: call 9 to 12.
M-niii Street.
I Of* SEVENTH— 2 LARGE' ROOMS, FUR-
XOU nished complete for housekeeping: yard.
i zl9 SEVENTH — LuTfn HOUSEKEEPING"
Xrx^i rooms: also single or en suite; suitable for
a do. tor.
Taylor Street.
1 AQ TAYLOR— NICE COMFORTABLE ROOM
IUO for light housekeeping.
Thirteenth Street.
IAC THIRTEENTH— 2 NICELY FURNIRH-
IUU ed rooms, complete for housekeeping; $12.
Turk Street.
QOI TURK-2 UNFURNISHED PARLORS,
OZii. gas and bath. $15. ■ . . .
Twenty-third Street. '
01 A TWENTY-THIRD, NEAR DOLORES— 3
i/Xtt sunny rooms, furnished lor housekeeping.
Ttrenty-stxth Street.
I"I Cl TWENTY — LARGE FRONT
XXt.>2 housekeeping suites nicely furnished; ?9
and^ll. ._
Vim >*'.ss Avenue.
7-1 A VAN NESS AYE. — 3 COMPLETELY
1 I 1U furnished housekeeping rooms, $20.
"Welsh Street.
ni WELSH. OFF FOURTH— 4 NICELY
X.L j furnished houseket-plng rooms; yard; cheap.
KOOMS ,TO LKI.
Brannan Street.
At}(} BRANNAN— FURNISHED ROOM; USE
T:— f«- of Stove; <$1 per week.
JL)evisa«lero Street.
1 AAQ DEVISADERO, COR. GOLDEN GATE
1 UU«") ave.— Furnished sunny rooms for invalid,
or single gentlemen.
J..Ki«rh >1<« <••.
SHERMAN APARTMENT HOU6B, 28 BTH
0 St., near Market; furnished and unfurnished.
Ellis street.
'[ A A ELLTR-SINGLE FRONT ROOM FOR
i ♦JUt7 centh-tnau, Jf6;largeone,sB; private family.
l-"ol«oin Street.
8')(\ FOL9OM, NR. FOURTH— FURNISHED
O— U rooms from $1 a week.
I 1 A-\ Ci FOI.SOM, NEAR TENTH—
; XtlXtJa alcove room; running hot and cold
i water; bath; gas and electricity; modern.
I'ultou Street.
11 (K FULTON— LARGE DOUBLE SUNNY
111) room; housekeeping if desired^ s7.
(ieary Streot.
91 7 GEARY — SINGLE UNFURNISHED
±ii- I room: rent reasonable; key 217%, rear.
' 91 l> GEARY— FitONTSUITKTSTcELYFUR-
±iI-O nished; suitable for ofllces or other business.
_1 Q GICARY — UNFU BNISHE I) FKo N T
•tt.Lt/ suite, suitable for <Jo<-ior or dentist; also
other rooms wl:h privileges qf housekeeping.
Q«BARY— SU N Y ROOMS, SUITE AND
iJLO single: parlor and bedrooni; oihurs; offices.
(-' f\ ( <-' EARY— SM \U.S' - X.NY FR6NT ROOM,
Uu'i S8; also l large ro',m, \V*\ bath.
lim GEARY, COR. VAN NESS AVE.. THE
JL U J Martinet: first-class modern apartment-
house: rooms en suite and single; new house; ele-
gantly fitted; breakfast if desired.
i»ultlen <iaie .Uenue.
91 0 nor -DI".N GATE AVE.— SUNNY FUR-
«-'X nihbed front rooms for gentlemen.
I /♦qq GOLDEN GATE — ELKOANTLY F T R-
UOO nished rooms; single and suites.
9il° GOLDEN GATE A VE.-LARGESUN-
.—V/ ny front room ; ren! $6.
(Jough Street.
Iflll GOUGH — NICELY FURNISHED
ivll sunny bay-window alcove room; $12.
Grove Street.
"I nr O"ROVE— N ICELY FURNISHED LARGE
XUU front rooms, $8; single room, $4.
lloivuru Street.
7f»l 1 HOWARD — NICELY FURNISHED
\\Jl'Z bay-window, other double, single rooms;
reasonable.
Q9qi HOWARD, NR. FIFTH— LARGE, KLK-
♦-/— ">'i gantly furnished front room: bay-win-
dow, grate, bath, privileges; rent only $8.
m/71 HOWARD— LARGE ROOM ; SUrF-
I '4 able for 1 or 2 men; gas: bath: private.
inOj HOWARD — SUNNY WELL FU
_ 1 — i nished rooms; $9, $10, $18: elegant i.ar-
lors, 50. .
Jessie Street.
r 99 JESSIE— LARGE AND SMALL SUNNY
'/•)— « rooms: gas; bath;- cheap,
Jones Mtreot.
90.7 JONES — THE VaN WINKLK: NEW
— .1/ I management: elegant, sunny suites and
slngie; newly furnished; bath, etc.; SlO to «30.
qAC JONES— LARGE FURNISHED SUNNY
O\JO room: running water; gas; prlva'.e family.
Kearny Ktreet.
A KLINGTON HOUSE, 127 ICEARNY— PLK AS-
ii ant sunny rooms, <*n suite and single; nratclaaj
in eTery respect: terms reasonable.
Larkin Street.
A9Q LARKIN — NICELY FURNISHED
ttiit/ suites: single; running water; bath; gas.
1 9HA LARKIN — LARGE SUNNY FUR-
X£.\J\J nished front room, $8; sinele rooms, $5.
Liberty Street. . . ,' ;
97 LIBERTY— ROOMS IN PRIVATE
— • family. ■
Btarket Street.
XTOREMITE HOUSE, 1045 MARKET, BET.
JL Sixth and Seventh— Single and suites: per
night, 35c to 91 i week. 91 60 to $5: families
1 I 99 MARKET — NIC" r FURNISHED
J. i .Jj±j suite: also single rooms.
311nna 1 oet.
MINNA— NEATLY FURNISHED
I I^. front room, with 2 beds; also single rooms,
75c and $1 per week.
O (1 MINNA, BET. SEVENTH AND
UO»/ Eighth— Furnished sunny room; rent $5 a,
month. ■-■.:': . : . I
. Mission -1 1 reel. '
7/>q MISSION— 1 LARGE FURNISHED
4 UO front room for $10; also 1 smaller front
room, $6.
1/ 1 I'.OPE HOUSE, 1169 MISSION— NICELY
J-J furuished rooms, single or en suite; transients.
"I 91 9 mission— Large front* SUNN Y
I — 1 — alcove room; suitable for 2; reasonable.
~ Montgomery Avenue.
zli Q MONTGOMERY AVE.— NEWLY FUR-
I.I O nished. rooms; . suite and single; gas,
bath, etc. ;•■:■.■;
'. Ninth Street. ~
1 1 Q NINTH— SUNNY BAY-WINDOW ROOM;
XXV folding-bed; grate; central; lower flat. I
O'l<arrell Street,
Q9fr O'FARHELL — NICELY FURNISHED
%J£i\j sunny room; running water; suitable for 'i.
Polk Street.
I 7 POLK- SUNNY FRONT ROOMS, OR
X I single:. s4 up: also housekeeping. -
4c 1 POLK — ROOMS. SLEEPING, HOUBE-
ttOJL keeping, or board; desirable; very cheap.-
. Fost Street.
9A7 POST-PLEASANT FURNISHED SUN-
£.\i • ny. roOjPS, suitable for downtown clerks. .....
•till VuSl— NICE Y ■ FURNISHED SUNNY
tJUI rooms; single or en_sulte; rates reasonable.
• K97 POST — FRONT PARLOR; NiSATLY
O^dt furnished; suitable for 2; rent $12. . -
ftO& POST— NICELY FURNTSHED FRONT
X)AO suite.
KOOMS TO liiiT—t: ontinued. f ]})!
■ l'owell Street.
"I Kl POWELL— THE COLUMBIA — NTCELY
X*J\l furnished sunny rooms; rent reasonable,
i f Seventh Street. .
1 Q7 SEVENTH-FURNISHED ROOMS, SI
10l per week up; housekeeping; transient.
- ixth reet.
1 AQ SIXTH -Ml KLY SUNNY
lUO rooms; doubleorsiDitle; clean; quiet; $ 5 up,
4A.1 SfXTTT- LARGE ~ SUNNY NiC_LY
_U"x furnished front room; suitable two gentle-
men; reasonable.
Sixteenth. Street.
9QAO: SIXTEENTH, COlt. HOWARD-
-wOlfZ, Single furnished room for gentleman; $1
per week. . -
south Park.
"1 p> SOUTH PARK-W ELL FURNISHED
XUfrontroom; 5. ■
isutter -<ireet.
Q9AI SUTTER- ALWAYS SECURE IN PER-
<v/2 son and property and rooms sweet and
neat, says the leading hatter of San Francisco:
rooms ut. Shusta rooming-house, price $2 50 per
week, formerly $5.
Taylor Street.
CIA TAYLOU — ELEGANTLY FURNISHED
1 •JIU sunny parlor; private family.
OAQ TAYLO — SUNNY UNFURNISHED
O\JV bay-window room; grate; gas; board.
lltiril Street.
WINCHESTER HOUSE-44 THIRD, NEAR
»» Market: mo«t convenient and respectable; 200
rooms 260 to $1 60 per night; *1 60 to $6 per week ;
ek-cino lights In every room: reading r"m ; free bus. j
i)A,-, THIRD, KOSTER jIOUSE— FURNISHED
rooms, single* and suites: $8 and $1 6 up.
Valenri Street
9 A r VALENCIA— S FURNISHED
_jv'«.) room; running water and hnth; rent $7.
Webster Street. ■
■1 99 WEBSTER. COR. HAIGHT— 2 SUNNY
1 -._. room--:: light housekeeping; modern con-
veniences.
i;OAI»l>iNO AM> KOOMS.
A(\A LOTT, «LOcIxS^FTdM^AKEIT-
*±VJ_ sunny rooms with board.
HOT 1 BIThTLI NO. 714 P.USH— A FAMILY
hotel: referent.es given and required; allmod-
er» conveniences. • " -
CIMLI>«.KS UOAIiOUD. ■-■'..-
BY RESPI I i VBLE LADY, I OR 2CHTLDREN
to board; mother'scare; terms moderate. . Ap-
ply 120r> Juniper St., bet. Tenth and Eleventh, off
Harrison.
]ADY won, LIKE IOR 2 SMALL CHIL-
Jj dren or an infant to cin- for; beat references.
803 Church st.'. near Twenty-second.
STOlt.-S TO LET. ~
TlTl 1?A n A-BYST^pR8 n _N_
.llv/ tiue otUces: light manufacturing; liberal
Inducvuieuls, . ':. : .
QTORK, WllII large show-window ;
O baadj Ittrofliceor other business; cheap rent.
318 J enworth st.
OTOUJ \Mi 3 ROOMS; CHEAP RENT. 328
O Seventh si.
UFFICKS TO LET. ~~
Di n ti Srs^sS 1 riToFTto7jMiTixlc^sH_D
tu suit; buth, gas; new house. 418 Montom-
iT> ave.
t LEG ANT OFFICE FOR PROFESSIONAL
.Hi -man will be vacated on March 1, at b5O Mar-
kt I it., cor. Stockton; first floor..
LM ItiANT OFFICES IN NEW SPRECKELS
i ' building, 9'J5 Market: rents low; no extra
i:m,-.'!"',<v janitor »errlces or beaLiug. Apply
*.! buildlnc or O. }!. UMBSKN & CO.. 14 Montf. si.
PIANOS. »iOU.VS, BTf.
: \f^Ky~rjSivirm'KiGU'i •'" piano," almost
» ne-.v; great sacrifice. Cnn be seen mornings
and eveniugs at 2030 Bush st. ,
Q7 PL ell [CKERI NO I<i WEWI utl) PIANO •
Q't>. Co3tssU'); ■-:■ Installments. 221 LcvnwYth!
STEINWAY *16Bi WEBK.rt. $960; SMALL
upright, $«(); bargains. BRUENN, 228 Post.
Q/lO BARGAIN: FINE PIANO; GOOD
«S5t.U. condiuon. .SCUMITZ, 16 McAllister st
next Hlbernla Ban!:.
OK SECOND-HAND PIANOS AT FROM ftO
--«' up; good instruments, all 01 them: small in-
stallments. A. L. BANCUOI'T & CO., 3_4 Post
St., San Francisco.
HAINES PIANO: WITHOUT A SUPK-
rior; we Invite oomparlson; prices moderate.
A. L. BANCROFT vt CO., 32 1 Post st. S. F.
\ SPECIAL SALE OF PIANOS. cheap FOR
-l\- cash, this week ai MAUVAIB',.7e9 Market st.
pOMB i\ AN*D HEAR THE LATEST
yJ novelty— the Ossian attaenment piano, man-
dolin, guitar, harp and barjo, all in one very sim-
ple; guarantei-d to ke«p in order; call and bee it;
beau'lful effect. .1. T. BOWERS _ SON, sole
agents, 23 and 25 Fifth St.. nr. cor. Market. . /
TTPRIGHT PIANO AT A BARGAIN; USED
y-> only 2 months. 1234 Bush st.
MAHOGANY UPRIGHT, CHEAP. cXll
x\. at onoe 1623 Buchanan.
A SHAW, »426; 2 STEIN WAYS, $215, $195*;
-T»- Sommer, $J37; squares, *•_•■>, $55: renis S2
up, allowed on purchase. HEINE, 130 Ellis st.
I>IANOS— '~~- ~~
Hazeiton, Hrmme and Lontr, Brown and
blmpson; 'terms. 735 Market st.
90 ftfWl§. HEEI MUSIC 1 CT. COPY. STAT-
■~U.UUU HAM'S Piano Store, 106 -McAllister st.
Good pTanos CHEAP, i:\i- PIANOS
good, at MAI'VAIV, 769 Market at.
AINES BROS. PIANO. P.ATTI'S PREFER-
ence; also renowned Bush <fc (Jerts' ni»no
A. L. BANCROFT ct CO., 824 Post st.
pONOYKF. 1'IANO; AS GOOD AS NEW:
VJ great sacrifice. Tho F. W. SPENCER COM-
I'AXY, 33a Post st.
pslC KBRING, BK,BTK( IK.VOBB STER-
VJ ling piatios: see our new uianb fori?187; pianos
lor rent. BENJ. CURTAZ A SON, 16 O'Farrell.
WM. G. BADG REMOVED TO 26 O'FAR-
»» roll, room 1. flrst Uoor; take elevator; pianos
>nd organ, sold for cash or Installments.
ASOUR NEW s RENT CONTRACT PLAH
-ex for selling pianos has met with great BUOCess
«e have decided to c-onlinue supplying purchasers
that wish to take advantag" of it- please call and
have it exnlained. sherman, clay _^ co
corner Kearny and Sutter sts.
<St I 7^ CASH OR INSTALLMENTS; WEBER
<4P-«- I <->. upriKlit; perfect order. 1019 Van Ness.
DECKE.R BROS., STE IN W a Y.FISCHER AND
other h'rst-class makes of pianos; little used-
cheap for 8 c h d or on easy t iM - KUHLKK &
CHASE. 28 and 30 O'Farrell st.
EASY TERMS;. LOW PRICES. KOHLER &
CHASE.
YRON JIAUZY, 308 post ST.-SOHMER,
Newby & Evans, Briggs and ottior pianos.
UPERIOITviOLINS, ZITHEHS. oIdaNEVV
0 H. MUI.LER, maker, repairer. 2 l.a;ham nlace.
OTEINWAY, $215: WEBKIt, $265; SOMBR,
p »987; -Wily, *125; squares, 935 and K55.
HEINE, 410 Post st.
A RRIVED-A LOT OF CELERRATKD HIGH-
■/• grade T. L. Neumann pianos for the holidays-
prices and terms moderate. H. LUEDERS, '8J
Ninth st. ■ - ' .
OPEN FOR BUSINESS.
The finest line of new pianos for rent and sal*
In Ban Francisco. J. HARRY SCOTT,
■-'•-■- ■"■ - Q29 Market su. Spreckels building.
A\VEf;h"B NEWS FOR .-> CENTS— TUK
WEEKLY CALL. In wrapper, for mailing.
i'OK SALJE-MISCISLI.ANfcOUS. .
pTiVRKER BRTmiF^R^niA^nf^RTES^GUN':
X 10 gauge; «80 grade: price $S0; also 12-gauge
brtechloadlDgKun; price $20; both eaual to new
E. box 1, Call Otlice.
iTuiLDINOS BOUGHT; LU--B_B, SASHES
I* doors, mantels, etc.. for sale. 1166 Mission.
h lacks - ITU -SHOP OUTFIT, FO R G e"
Bteum pump, boiler and enKino; cheap. 616
Mission st. v- ;• v-
r, AA c HIC2B; 10c EACH; HATCHED BY
tJXjyj Schnle's self- regulating hot-water incu-
bator; bef-t in the worl-l. 1213 Valencia st.
JjiOß SALS CHEAP; 1 7-POWER STEAM
X I erifiine and boiler; in good running order- on
account of power not being suftlcient. 114Drumm.
CL»VELAin> SWELL SPECIAL BICYCLE
$75; or will trade for enstom-made clothinc
Address M. L.. 617 Washington at.
IirATERWHEEL HORSEPOWER; A S GOOD
»' as new: complete; ?50. }»08 Kroadxvay. - .
RRIVED — 2 FRESH COWS; LARGE
milkers: sell or exchange for dry cows. 1312
Folsom st. ... ~
*it9^A SLOOP YACHT; 11x27. APPLY
»jPZOU. 15*8 Park St., Alameda. ,
UY YOUR BABY' CARRIAGES AND RAT-
tan,furniture'at the factory and save middle-
man's profit; we will treat yon right. ■ CALIFOR-
NIA RATTAN COMPANY. 01 First, nr. Mission.
BOOKS AT GREATLY REDUCED PRICE&
KING'S old bookstore, 15 Fourth at.- . .'
NE SMALL MEDIUM AND LARGE SIZK
tire and bcrglar proof safe. .1 00, 111 Market st.
AA 6Eco:n d_: an d CARPETS, ALL sizes
\J\J and ■ prices from 26c per yard up j
NOONAN, 1017. to 1023 Minslon St., above Sixth!
F "'IRE AND . BURGLAR SAFK, LETTER-
£ press, platform scales and deslc;cneap. 102 Clay
VKWItANOESCHEAPER THAN" SECOND-"
IV hand. : W. S. RAY Mfg Co., 12 California st.
fiOUNTEKS, ■ SHELVING7" SHOWCASKS
\^' boatht and told 1121^ Market txu7tfa>ndBt-
.--,-. ' TO L£ASE.
TO: LET OR. LEASE— BOxI2S, N\V. TOWN.
send ' and ' Clarence sts., near railroad depot; as
a whole or in parts; building altered to suit tenani;
steam obtainable. Apply to BOVEE, TOY «fc
SONNTAO. 19 Montgomery st. '
TO LEASE —ON MISSION ST., 2 LOTS;
X splendid location for grain and lumber yard
rent a trifle. C, box 6, Call Office.
CITY REAL ESTATE.
g AVE AND MAKE '
BY BUYING IN RICHMOND. ''
PART CASH!. EASY TERMS!
23d ave., .N. of California st.: must be sold; 2
lots, each -5x120; sreet sewered and macadam-
ized; terras, $50 per lot cash, balance $10 month-
ly; choice lots ready to build on; safe and sure
place to bank your money. '
$60 cash, $10 per month; graded lots at 21st
ave. and B si.: '25x1-20 and 26x100; grass platted
an.i fenced ; nice view. '
200. half cash; 18th ave., adjoining corner of
Clement.; 50x120; on grade.
$2030, one-third cash ; 4th ave., bet. Point Lobos
ave. and Clement; 50x120; ready to build on.
$875,5250 cash; California St., near 9th ave.;
hue level lot 25x110; sewered.
$475, may be less; lot 31:8x120; few steps from
Sutro roud and 32d-ave. carhouse; easy terms.
BUY NOW! SEE THESE BEFORE MONDAY !
H. E. POEHLMAN, agent, 415 Montgom ry st.
(2*l f\X(\ DIAMOND ST., NEAR ELECTRIO
t£)X\JO\J. cars; new cottage; suitable for small
family: li»rge lot; street work done; easy terms:
take Guerrero-street electric-cars, transfer to 30th
st. for Castro-st. addition. Brunch office of BALD-
WIN A HAMMOND at Castro and Chenery sts.
Q MORE LOTS SOLD THIS VVEEK.-ll THE
1 ' week before. Frnttvale Terminal "Tract. Lots
$100 up. $5 per month. THE McCAR I 11Y CO.
CC. BEMIS. ■■ ■ - : "
. REAL ESTATE AND LAND AGENT,
. 324 MONTGOMERY ST.
FOR SALE.
120x19.5— NW. cor. of A st. and 27th ave.; as a
whole or in subdivisions.
$11,000— Cor. Pacific ave. and Baker St.; 55*
137 feet.
$2(500— E. sid<» of stanyan st., bet. Carl and
Frederick; 25x100 feet.
$450— San Carlos Villa lot; 100x150 feet. ' ':• > '
$6700— 50x1*27:6 feet on Jackson a'u, overlook-
Ing the Presidio and bay. ...
S6ooo— modern houses of 8 rooms each, at
paru; 25x137 feet j electric road passes houses:
luake otier..
00— 2-story 8-rooraed house on Harrison St.,
bet. First ana Fremont.
$400— Lot on Duncau St., bet. Noo and Castro- 25
xll4 feet.
*8500— Elegant NW. corner of Cole and Carl sts.
$Hoo— Choice building lots north of purk.
pHANCE FOR HOME-BUILDERS: FRUIT-
\J vale Terminal Tract; special terms; $100 up.
OfcAPvnn FOR SALE-1 BLOCK FROM THE
*-'<-''-'• park; new house, 6 rooms, basement
and attic; well built and finely arranged. Take
McAllister-st. car to Staayan and apply ct Park
House. ■
I?rN E CORNER; 104x100; ON
f^i.\jy)\J. Cal. and Nev. R. R. in Berkeley; $50
down, $15 monthly. . " .=.,.!.*.,
$350-1 acre hill land; $5 monthly.
$750— Business lot: 50x100; ?10 monthly.
$200— Lot 25x300: $5 down, $1 weekly.
CHAS. A. BAILEY, 46 Market st.
RIGHT, CHEERY. HEALTHFUL LOCA-
tion. Frultvale Terminal Tract; lots $150 up.
Qs99^ IF TAKEN AT ONCE; LEVEL LOT, 1
W'-'+'is block S. of the park. Call at once, 9
Powell st., room 3.
1?OR SALE OR EXCHANGE FOR SAN
J- Francisco property a modern house of 8 rooms
In Oakland. No reasonable offer refused. Apply
'£BV^isoejit., city. .
0 FLATS, 13 ROOMS AND BATHS, BAY-WIN-
•Jdow, mantels.etc, built for s32oo; 5-room cottaee
t.udbath.ijiriOli. JAS McCONAHAY.iI Mission
COy > TK\ 1-yEAL ESTATL.
pRIZE BUV FOR A MILKMAN OR A FARM~-
■i- er; 110 acres fenced, 49 acres Included in a new
survey; 7 miles from Berkeley, on san Pablo
Creek, 1 mile from the town of Glorietta, on the
line of the Cal. aud Nevada R. R.; we will sell this
property cheap ; 60 acres in hay. A. 11. BLO W, 1010
Broadway, Oakland.
<a»OXAA A BEAUTIFULCOUNTRYHOME:'
*g)*JiJ\J\J. new and stylish: nine large rooms;
gas fixtures and electric service; large grounds;
beautiful oak trees; perfect climate; a great bar-
gain. J. T. m.\.\, 112 Montgomery St.. S. F.
ORANGK" BLOSSOM COLONY " "" ~
/ OAKDALE, STANISLAUS CO., CAL.
Beautiful young oranse groves n tracts of 5 acre*
and upward, lying along the Stanislaus River, two
and n half miles from Onkdale, the principal station
ot the -southern Pacific Railroad on the line between
: StocKton and JMerceo. The Stanislaus and s*n
, Joaqulu Irrigation Company's canal runs directly
through tlia colony and the property ha3 a per-
j,i»tual water right.
We are prepared to sell portions of the property
either unimproved or already planted to Washing-
ion Navels, Mediterranean Sweets and Maltese i
Bloods. Th« property Is under the immediate
direction and car9 of an experienced horticulturist,
who has received diplomas and m^ihls at. eight;
different county fairs in Lhu s-.ate and for a small
consideration carea lor the Grunge groves for uou- I
residents.
A high and dry country, with a perfect natnral :
i:rtinage system. All kinds of small game near by
oflords excellent sport ior hunters.
Prices for land. Including a perpetual water rl?ht
ana planted to orange trees, 4175 per acre. Unim- '
proved land witn fully paid up water rights, $70
per acre. Terms: The purchase pnee payable la |
ilx annual payments, without Interest; titla per-
lect and liberal discount for cash. •
For further particular.}, maps and, catalogues, ad.
Amm '
kaston, ELDRIDGE a co.,
-.4,- t>3B aiaritet Street.
san Franclscr CaL
Or F. T. KNE WING, oar representative,
: :-;-. u.ikdule, CaL
OQJjfj AOBES OF I, AND (UMMPKOVIiD),
jlj(_j\J wood and wafer, in Tuolumne County; cheap
for caah. D. C. box 133, this omce.
T ITTLE HOMES CLOSE TO TOWN: IM-
Jj proved; easy terms; also 4, 6 and 12 acre
pieces on 8 and 10 years' credit; 3 partly im proven,
with small bouse, etc. D.- H. TWIN*G, Sonoma
City. luqulre 632 Market St.. S. F.
MAR IN~ COUNTY-5000 ACRES 26 MILES
irom San Francisco.
Rancho de Novato.
Tracts cut any size desired; fruit, grain and
vegetable land, no irrigation; both rail and water
transportation; $40 to $75 oer acre; terms made
to suit; send for >. ircqlar.
Improved dairy farms for sale with cows.
SYNDICATE INVESTMENT COMPANY, 64
nnd 65 Chronicle building.
END FOR OUR VIST OF ORCHARD HOMES
O for sale. WOOSTER A WHITTON. San Jose.
piIEAPEST AND BEST IN AMERICA— THK
\J WEEKLY CALL, seiit to sny address in the
United S'uies or Canada one rear for $1 50, post/
ace free.
MONK* TO 1.0.\>.
ADVA NCES I b^wXMON I 'D^J^W^j^^ETc"
Columbia Loan it Collateral oflice, 9 Grant ave.
<sl9^nn WANTBD, ON CITY PROPERTY;
rp.— iJV/V/ worth $5000; at 7 per cent. P., box 05,
(All Ofiice.
ANY AMOUNT: IST, 2D or 3D MORTGAGES;
estates, undivided interests, real estate in pro-
bate. McCOLGAN, 24 Montgomery, rooms 2-3.
O~N FURNITURE OK PIANO BY PRIVATE
party ; low Interest: strictly privait. 215 Powell.
T OANSIN SUMS TO SUIT BY THE COSMOS
J Loan Association, cor Battery and Pine sts.
ONEY LOANED ON JE>VELRY AND
other valuables at the Security Loan Office,
1100 Market st.. nr. Mason : private entrance 7 Turic
IRECT F K( i M US ON YOUR FURNITURE
or piano; no removal; no delays; no commis-
sions; low interest: also warrants discounted* Pri-
vate oflice rm. 68, Donohoe build'g, 1170 Marketst.
18T«t 2:) MORTGAGES; INTERESTS IN ES-
J-tatcs;!owest rates;no deIay.MURPHY,62BMrkt.
ANY SUM OF. MONEY ADVANCED ON
your furniture, pianos; lowest rate; call aod
state your proposition or write; open evenings,
J. NOONAN, 1021 Mission st.
<2^nn f\f\f\ ox real ESTATE: lowest
> ? UUUrates. A.SCHULLER.SO3 Montgy
ONEY TO LOAN ON MORTGAGE OR COL-
laterals: low rate. J. E. DAMON, 303 Montg.
ORTGAOES, PROBATE LOANS, WAR-
rants. SALOMON & C0.,328 Montgomry,r.2l4.
OAKLA N D LOANS ON" REAL. ESTATE;
first mortgages secured on short notice: cur-
rent rates of interest. HUGH M. CAMERON,
Broker, 479 Ninth St., Oakland.
ONEY TO LOAN ; PRIVATE. 410 KEAKNY
St.. room 6. .
PAWNBKOKJEK3.
A~~T~i2ti KEARNY ST.. ROOM 9— MONEY
loaned, watches, diamonds, etc.; low rates: pri-
vate rooms: elevator: pledges for sal 3 cheap.
• •- VIS AS VIAL,.
■jToXNt-ToN^i S f P~AN iTSd^M OItTGAGEsXN 3
J^llfe Insurance polioips; low rate of interest:
bankbooks bought. 330 Montgomery st.
<r> I C\(\ AAA TO LOAN ON LIFE INS. POLI-
«Jr>IUu.UUUc!es. JOS. TOPLITZ, 330 Pine.
ANTED— S7OO at i PER CENT; goo d
security. P.. box 8, Call Oftice. -
• AUCTION SAIiES.
•VrOTICE— AT PUBLIC AUCTION, ON TUEi£
1> day, March 24, 1896, at 11a. m.. the Sterling
Furniture Company will cause to sold at ita
warerooms. Nos. 1039 and 1041 Market Btreet, San
Francisco, all 'of those certain ■ parcels •of goods
named below, upon which the charges for storage
and advances tire delinquent, unless the same be
. paid before the above date.- The owners of said
goods are hereby notified of the amounts due trom
encb, and demand is hereby made for payment as
follows, to-wit: ■ ■■ i. ■■■■■.-
No. '289, Bradley, L. L., bookcase $17 15
No. 251, Catalow, John, case, pictures, etc. 14 00
No. 260, Conn, N., ca5e.."... ."....;...„...... 17 2b
No. 298. Daisley, Jonn, furniture. etc 34 50
No. 299, Herndoii, D. 0., maps, etc.... ..;. 24 50
No. 346, Hill, H. W., cases.- marie ed glass. 18 25
No. 35*2, Hersey, Mrs. M. M., machine and
cases... ..........:......:;.... 6 fiO
No. 359, Hope estate, furniture...... ...... 124 50
No, 364, Hudson, Wm., case, tr ink, carpet 41 00
No. 375, Hogan, Mrs. J. F.. furniture, etc.. 56 50
No. 391, Jewitt, Mrs. M.-x.,cs and m»chine - 32 00
No. 420, Leinlnger. Mrs. K..... ..."...;...... 12 00
No. 450, Marshall, VV.,' trunk ....;.... 9 60
...... Nolan, Mrs. W. 0.. furniture, etc. . 32 00
No. 508, Newell Bros., scenery, properties. 80 00
No. 550, Poultrtey,Mrs.J.B.,furnlture,e e. 40 00
>io. 523| Pueschell, E. A., bamboo clothes
ra-k. ...............; 4 07
No. 616,'Sauffley, R. C, trunk5............ 14 00
No. 619, Sutcliffe, W. A., stove, pictures.. ■ 46 76
No. 627, Schlam, Mrs. H. V., furniture, etc. . 57 80
No. 669, Widman.F.J., furniture, etc...... 25 00
No.tS74, Warren, J.P.,too!cnest 9 -25
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— 9OO BROADWAY.
OAKtAHD RKAL JKSTATK. -
BUSINESS FOB J SALE: GOOD BARGAIN:
hoiii<- bukery and confectionery; cheap rent:
fine location; pavs well; owner leaving town:
price $350. F. C. WATSON, 463 Ninih st.. Oak-
land. . . . . ,
"Lmnf. HOUSE SACRIFICED;- CKNTKaLIVY
-* located; near railroad station; weil surrounded;
next to corner; J>Bxl27: house of 9 rooms; in
spl< ndld order: viry sunny; 'J-story stab'e: mom
for croquev grounds; clear iroperty might be taken
in part vaynieut or terms. Kfc-KON <Sl HOLCOMB,
1050 Broadway. ;
\I ODE RN * 7- IUKVVI HOUSE; LOT 50x109:
-l»1 on; osite residence of U. S. Senator George C.
Perkins: lovely view; mortgage $1600 can run:
will- take $1200 for equity: good buy. E. K.
BUNCE, 1008 Broadway, Oakland.
<2>9Xri BUSINESS CORNER- LOT; SEV-
<p — UV/. enth street. Apply at store, 1548 Park
street, Alameda. ,
<•}£» ACRES, ■ BANTA CLAJBA COUNTY, AT
riV Saratoga; 20 acnv. fruit; house and barn;
$5750; $800 cash, balance in trade.
Lot ou Grove st. and Plymouth ave., Oakland;
60x116; very cheap. C. K. K1NG, 902 Broadway
(£; I 00 CASH AND «20 PER MONTH WILL
tu) 1 UU secure a new 5-room cottage; lanjelot;
close to station and electric cars: price SIBOO.
w. C. MORAN, Lorin station, Berkeley.
<2* 100 LOTS AT FRUITVALE STATION;
*jp*-W> come to-day. LODGE <fc POWELL.
<a>9h MONTHLY FOR ft- ROO COIT \ 1 i KS •
<JP^V> plans free. F. BPEOLK. Golden Gate statn.
4tl RA' LOTS NEAR THE ALTENHEIMIN
VPJ-*J\J. Fruitvale: electric cars; only *1 down
»nd a week; gelling fast; good Improvements.
IS. B. i'INXKY .owner. 902 Broadway. Oakland.
alameda"advertisements
OFFICE— U3S PARK STREET.
Ali'AM 'V\ BFAt, 'ST \ E.
<2«99AA $50 CASH. $22 50 MONTHLyTs
«+P'— 'i— uv> rooms aud bath; perfectly new cot-
tage.
$2400— N0 cash; monthly; 37:6x100: now
cottaee. .
$3000-SM) cash; $S0 monthly; 33:4x100; 5
rooms and bath handsome new cottage. ,
$3250—5200 c>tsh, $30 monthly; 33x100; ele.
pant cottage on principal driveway; 6 rooms and
bath.
$3500— 5300 cash, $35 monthly, 83:4x100;
handsome colonial cottage: 7 rooms aud bath.
MAitCUSE & KEMMEL, Bay-st. station, Ala-
meda aud 628 Market gt., San Francisco.
<HrP\^n 40x160, STREET SKWKKEU AND
<ir«JtJvJ graded; .$6-_'oo, business lot 50x150, tine
cottage, 6 rooms; 7-room house on Union st., bar-
gain. J. 11. YOUNG, l-.'43 Park »t., Alameda.
Ai.A.iii.iiA HOUSES TO LET.
TO LET-^COTTAgIT~OF^^VLA~R?rE~I{OC)MS^
all conveniences; high; p;\rtly finished base-
ment; garden; large lot; best location In Alameda,
being between Mastick (broad gauge) and Encinal
Park (iiarrow guugi-) railroad stations; low rent.
Inquire W.<7 Mcl'hfrson st.. near Santa Clara hv<-.
Btiii^i.n.l i^i-Ai. t»IAtK.
©QOXfl SEE "THIS . ELEgXnT~HOMe";
'3jO^-»Jv/. new 6-room cottage; large rooms;
handßome finish: porcelain bath: tiled sink;
choice location; street work done; terms to suit.
H. D. IRWIN. Lorin station.
ON'T YOU WANT TO LIVE LONG AND DIE
happy? then select your home in beautiful
Berkeley; lots, and lots of them, for sale by JOS.
J. MASON, Dwight-way station.
OOKAT THIS-1 HAVE FOR EXCHANGE
for a small ranch a 6-room cottHge; lot 120x
135; beautiful view; value $3000; mortgage
»1300. JOS. J. MASON. Dwight-way station.
T HAVE GO r JUST WHAT YOU WANT; NEW
X house; thoroughly well built: large corner lot;
cars pass the door; and on your own terms. JOS.
J. MASON, Dwight-way station.
"yOU SEE THEY ARE BOOMING STOCK-
; X ton, hut any sane person prefers "Berkeley the
brautifnl.!' Look at this: A new 9- room house,
near university, street work all doue, and only
$3200. JOS. J. MASON, Dwight-way station.
WB OFFER A F I N E LOT ON HASTE ST.
tor $1000: one on Htlgard. nes-r U. C, for
$800, l>oth with street work done; also one uear
North Berkeley station, $400. O. G. MAY & CO.,
C'.'nUT si.. Berkeley.
SANIA CLARA COUNTY.
ItKAL, S-.SI'ATK.
OANTA CLARA COUNTY PROPERTY ~^^
0 for sule or exchange for city property: large,
residence, well furnished; beautifnl grounds;
large oaks; suitable for gontieuj.tn'4 home, bcni-
nary or summer boarding; with 160 acraa or less;
stable, iwo cottages, outhouses, pa\ ilion, bored
weil, windmill, borsi-power, tanks, farming Imple-
ments, wacons. horses, cows, piss, chickens; 80
; acres fruit trees, 2, 3 and 7 yenrs; 70 acres in wheat
and barley. For price and fur her particulars npplv
E. McCURRIE. Lloyd Tpvls, MllUbidg. s. F
~~ '.UOKSES.
T?INE SOUNdIhORSE, HaIrNESS^ND^aT^
-T mo3t new delivery ■ wagon; a bargain. 243
Fifteenth St., near Mission.
UNSET HORSE MARKET, 220 VALENCIA—
Horses, mules, wagonp, buggies and harness,
"I ST-CLASB PASTURAGE; PLENTY WATER
and feed year round. G.W. LUCY, SlB Market st.
1 C A SETS NEW AND SECOND-HAND HAR-
-1 O\J ress: all kinds; wagons, bugsles, horses and
scrapers; sand-wagons. 1128 Mission st.
OKSES PASTURED; $sTa MONTH: GOOD
care and feed; send for circular. The iLvi*
ranch, 630 Commercial at,
DR. C. H. WESTPHAL, VETERINARY SUR-
-1,-eon for S. F. Police Department. <jflioe and
hospital, 121 City Hall ave.: telephone south 401.
A(\ HORSES FOR SALE: ALSO WAGON -i
TtV buggies, carts, harness; Grand Arcade Horsj
Market, 327 Sixth st. ; auction sales every W«Kaw-
day. SULLIVAN <t DOYLE, Auctioneers.
1 f\f\ SETS SECOND-HAND HARNESS; ALt,
IUU kinds; second-hand wagons, buggy, cart»;
ci so 20 cheap horses. b'lfteentii and Valencia in.
LATESI SUH'I'ISG INTELLKiiiNOiS.
Spoken.
Feb 15— Lat 47 N, long 22 W, Br ship Brussels,
Irom Oregon, for Queenstown.
Domestic Ports.
FORT BRAGG— Arrived I'eb 21— Stmr Noyo,
benceFerj 29.
PORT BLAKELEY— SaiIed Feb 10— bark
Antisone, for West Coast. .
NJKHALEM KIVER— Arrived Febl— Sch Helen
Merriam. hence Feb 6.
POINT ARENA— Sailed Feb Stmr Alcatraz,
for Newport. — ' .
PORT GAMBLE- Arrived Feb 21-Schr Bangor
from San I'edro.
NEWPORT— SaiIed Feb 21— Stmr Alcazar.
BOWKNS LANDING- Arrived Feb Schr
Monterey, hence Feb 20.
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived Feb Schr Cbas
R Wilson, hence Feb 13; blctn North Bend, hence
Feb 12; schr Pioneer, hence Feb 11; schr Maid of
Orleans, hence Feb 13.
SAN PEDRO— Sailed Feb 21— Brig Tanner, for
Vancouver; sehr Halcyon, for Puget Sound; simr
Caspar; stmr Sunol.
Arrived Feb 21— Stmr Pasadena, from Eureka.
Forelsa Port*.
NAN AlMC— Sailed Feb 20-Bark Wilna, for San
Francisco.
• OUXIIAVEN— Passed Feb 19-Br ship Loch
Liitnhe from Hamburg, for San Francisco.
QUEEXSTOWN— SaiIed Feb 20— Br bark Auld
glrth, for A ntwerp.
Arrived Feb 20— BrshlD- Heathfield, hence Oct
12.
SING APORE— Sailed Feb 19— Br stmr Gorsedd,
for Delaaoa Hav.
STOCKTON— Arrived Fet) 18— Br ship • Crofton
Hal!, hence Oct 10.
NEWCASTLE, NSW— Bailed Feb 19— ship
Rir Rob ert Feruie.' for San Francisco.
Movements of Trans- Atlantic Steamers.
NEW YORK— Arrived Feb 21— Stmr Edam, fm
Rotterdam; stmr Scotia, from Mediterranean
ports.
ROTTERDAM— Arrived out Feb 20— Stmr Am
sterdam. • . ■ ', ■.:*■■■■
GIBRALTAR"— Arrived out Feb 21— Stmr Fnlda.
LONDON— Arrived Feb 21— Stmr Mohawk.
Th» following marriage licenses were issued by
the County Cleric's office yesterday:
1 Louis M. Nop^ndar and Mary Brewer, 32—29.
Fnink A. Louis and Harriet Nielson, 37—40.
Albert H. Thomas and Kftte Harris, '28— V!3.
C. Schlageter and There.se lloltjiman, 30—25.
Sam Zimmerman and Flora Kiuz. 24—18.
Jumes Lee and Elizabeth W. Paddock, 30—25.
DlVUnUfi l-'liOCii.rilJl.AOra.
Complaints filed:
Mrs. SI. Heggerty against J. Heggerty.
I Sarab A. Murphy against James J. Murphy. - . •
Amy Sunford against l'ranlc 8. Sanford.
Divorces grantea :
Victor B. Neison from Anna Nelson, for deser-
tion; by Judge Sanderson. ' . ■ •-...: . . ••■ ■ .
' Lizzie Moore fromTiiomas W. Moore, forcruelty;
by Judge Troutt. Defendanfordered to pay plain-
tiff $100 alimony at the rate of >'Jj a month until
paid. : -
. Violet Hosencrantz from Moses Kosencrantz, for
cruelty; by Judge Slack., Plaintiff allowed custody
of minor child and $50 a month alimony.
- Bertha UossbacK from Frederick F.ossback, for
desertion; by Judge Hunt. ,'■ :.
Alimony proceedings: ■
Lewis Fletcher vs. Louisa E. Fletcher; plaintiff
ordered to pay defendant $50 forthwith and f4O a
month, beginning April 1,1890. . ;
MAIIIIIAiiES— DEATHS, =
! rßirth, marriage and death notices sent by mail
will not belnser:ed. They must bf» handed in at
either of the. publication oflices and be indorsed
with the name and residence of person authorized
• to have the same published. J
:.'-■'. ■; IJOKN. i ■:;,;•',"-■-
-BKNVKTT —In this city, February 21, 1896, to tbe
i wife of H. C. Bennett, a daughter.'
BROWN— In this city, February. 17, 1896, to the
,;■ wife of J. C. Brown, a son. :. ■ u
McKKNNA— In Oakland, February 18. 1896, to
the wife of James J. McKenua, a daughter.
I>lK»>.
Alt, Christopher Martinez, AntODio
Cheever, (iertio B. Mornssy, Michael
Deerlng, Mary ' .\<!!.->en, Lena ■ .
Esber^, Mandel Nol_ n, Margaret T.
Fiscus, Inei PeMe. Minn!«
Gruggei, irinaM. Ptimyeo. Peter
Hayes, Charles T. Kobi-rlson. Eugenia A.
Hansen, Walter F. hlmon. Lulu
Hoadly. Chariea H. Simp-sou, .lames
KecKan, John • - Silver, Louis
ECenney, James 8s;ell>, Michael
Langslow, Cnarlcs Snook. Jane C.
Lord, Major .1. -. -.■■;. Dalsifi M.
Lynch, Cornelius Thomas, Susan a.
■ . Vernam, Ronald P.
ALT-In tills city, February '2.0, 1596, Christopher
Alt. a native of Bienstein, Kurhessen, Ger-
many, aged U7 vears and 4 days. •'/ V
CHKkver— this city. February 20. 18S6. Ger-
tie Bertha, beloved daughter Of Fra'ik and Paul-
ine Cheever. sls:er of Frank and l.racie Cheever.
a native of Ban Francisco, aged 5 ycar3 8 mouths
and days.
**f*Funeral strictly private.
DEERING— In East Oakland, February 21, 1893,
Mary Deering. beloved motherof Mrs. E. Aspern,
Mrs. Dobon and Edward- Donnelly,- a native of
Kings County, Ireland, aged 76 years.
ESBERG— In this city, February 21, 1X96, Man-
del, beloved husband of Mathilda Esberg. and
father of Alfred. Henry, Milton, Edith »nd Justin
ISsberg, a native of Hanover, Germany, aged 61
years and 11 months.
JSs?*Friends and acquaintances are resoect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Sunday), af 9:15 o'clock a. m., from hi3 late
residence, 'JVill • Pacific uvenue. Interment :
Home of Peace Cemetery by special train from
Third and Townsend streets at 11 o'clock A. M.
FISCUS— In this city. February 17, 1896, Inez
Fiscus, a native of New York, aged 44 y-ars.
GRUGGEL— In Pleasant Vaßey, Piedmont.Feb-
marv 20- 1896. Irrnn Mathilda Grug^el, a native
of Pleasant Valley, Piedmont, aged 3 years 8.
months and 12 days. . .
■HANSEN— In Sari Mateo. February 20, 1896,
Walter Francis, beloved son of C. W. and Mar-
guerite Uansen, a uanveo! San Matc,o,Cal.,ag£d
3 months and 28 davs.
t-irl-'riiMirts and acquaintances are re.ioe 1
fullv invited 'O attend the funeral THIS DAT
(Saturday), at. 11:46 o'clock a. m., from the resL
deuce of the parents, San Mateo, thence by train
to Valencia nnd Twenty fifth streets, arriving at
1:30 o'clock p.m. Juteraient 1. O. O. Jf. Ceme-
tery, San Francisco.
HAYES— ln.thts city, February 21, 1896, Charles
Thomas, beloved son of Margaret Hayes, a native
of San Francisco, aged 33 years 1 month and -9
d&ys.
#3~lnterment private. .;.'» k . ;
HOADLY— In this city, Febrnary 21, 1896, Charles
H., beloved husband of Annie Hoadley, son of
Mrs. Lucy Warren, and brother of Milo Hoadly.
a native of Sau Francisco, aged 81 years and 10
months.
*«" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Sunday), at 3 o'clock p. m., from his late resi-
resldence, 1811 JL.yon street. Interment .Laurel
Hill Cemetery. :•.-•;>;■ ' '
KKEGAN-In thin city, February 21, 1896, John,
beloved husband of Mary, hrbther of Richard
J. Keegan; father of Lizzie, John, Hose. Theresa,
Agnes and Alioe Keegan, T. McGror«»y and
Mrs. G. Nlgntlngale, and brother-in-law of
Thomas Goodwin, a native of County Meath,
Ireland, aged 67 years'. ■ . ■'• • ' • ■ • ■'•'
<CS" Friends and acquaintance* are resoact-
fullv Invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Sunday), at 9 o'clock a. m.. from his late resl-
denct;, 214 First street, thence to rit_ Brendan's
Church, where a solemn requiem mass will
be celebrated for the repose of hia soul, commenc-
ing at 9:30 o'clock a. m. Interment Holy Crou
Cemetery.
KENNEY— In this city. February 21, 1896. James
Kenney, a native of Ireland, aged 67 years.
LANGSTOW— In this city, February 21, 1896,
Charles Langstow, a native of New York, aged
68 years.
LORD— In this city, Febrnary 21, 1896, Major
James 11. Lord, U. S. A. (retired), a native of
Pennsylvania, aged 56 years.
LYNCH— There will be an anniversary requiem
high mass celebrated for the repose of the soul of
the late Cornelius Lynch at Mission Dolores
Church THIS DAY (Saturday) at 9 o'clock
a. m. sharp. Friends and acquaintances are re-
spectfully invited to attend. :i t
MARTINEZ-ln this city, February 19, 1896, An-
tonio Martinez, a native of Canary Island, aged
35 years- . , , ...
MORB.IBBY— In this city, February 20, 1896,
M:<'hael, husbard of the late Ann Morri.isy, a na-
tive of County Gal way, Ireland, aged 57 years 4
months and 6 days. "- .: . -.j
Friends and acquaintances ar« resoect-
fnliy invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Saturday), at tf:so o'clock a. m.. from the par-
lors of the Union Undertaking Company, 733
Mission street, near Third, thence to St. Patrick's
Church for services, commencing at 10 o'clock
a.m. liiterment Holy Cross Cemetery by train
leaving Third and Townsend streets at 10:40
o'clock A. m.
NEILSEN— Alameda, February 18, 1896,
Lena Neilsen, a native of CuMfornfa, aged 16
years and 2 months.
NOLAN— In Oakland, February 20, 1896. Mar-
garet Theresa, dearly beloved wife of Michael
Nolan, (lau-iiler of Catherine and Kichard Riley,
aud sister of James and John Rilej-. a native of
Sai Francisco, ag.. i 36 years 4 months and ilO
days. •;/•.-■
jttTFricnds and acquaintances are respect-
fnlly Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Saturday), at t»:30 o'clock a.m., from her late
residence, 7-2 East Fourteenth street, inenee to
St. A tithonv's Church, where a solemn requiem
■ mass will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at, 10 o'clock a. tc. Imexmenc
st. Mary's Cemetery,
PEASE— In this city. February 19, 1896, MinnJe
Pease, a native of California, aged 23 years.
PUMYEA— Oakland, February 21, 1896, Peter,
belov d husband of Lorain Pumyea, a native of
Illinois, aged 51 years 9 months and 4 day*.
fMsrvsville papers please copy.J
ffU" Friends ant : acquaintances Rrp r^stwef-
folly invited to attend, the funeral TO-MORROW
. (Sunday), at 2:30 o'clock p. m.. from his late
residence, 910 Alice street, Oakland, under the
auspices of Oakland Ixyise No. 118, I. O. O. F.,
Live Oak Lodge No. 17, K. of P., and Gray Eagle
Tribe No. 65, I. O. R. M. Interment Mountain
- View Cemetery.
KOBERTSON— In this city. February 21. 1896.
Kugenia Alice, beloved daughter of Daniel and
Eucenia Robertson, and sister of Charles and
John Robertson, a native of San Francisco, aged
16 years 11 months and 4 davs.
t£f Friends and acquaintances are rMDee*-
fully invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Sunday) at 1:30 o'clock p. m., from the resi-
- dence of the parents, l&Vb Welch mreet. ih^nca
- to St. Rose's Church for services. ; Interment
- 1. O. O. F. Cemetery.
SKELLY— In this city, February 21. Michael,
beloved husband of Margaret A. Skelly, and
t ".her of Sadie, Augustine. Jerome, Gregory and
Ignatius Skellv, a native Of County Koscommon,
Ireland, aged 70 years.
83" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeriu TO-MORROW
(Sunday) from St. Mary's Cathedral, Van, N> ss
avenue, where a solemn requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul,
commencing at 9 o'clock a. m. sharp. .Inter-
ment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
KNIOHTB OF ST. PATRICK— The members of
the Knights of St. Patrick are hereby requested
to attend the funeral of our late brother. Michael
Skelly, from St. Mary's Cathedral. TO-MORROW
(Sunday) at 9 o'clock.
JEREMIAH DEASY, President.
Thomas J. stanwn, Secretary.
VETERAN VOLUNTEER FIREMEN'S ASSO-
ciation— All members are requested to assemble
at our hall on SUNDAY. February 23, at 8:30
o'clock a. m.. to attend the funeral of our late
brother, M. Skelly. By order,
J. S. MARSHALL, President.
W. A. Scoixay, Recording Secretary.
SILVER— In the City ana. County Hospital,
February 21, 1896, Louis silver, aged 60 years.
SIMON— In this city. February 21,' 1896, Lulu
Simon, grand niece of H. and C. W. Kpnitz»r,
a native of Philadelphia, Pa., aged 17 years and
7 months. . ■• •
Funeral private MONDAY, February 24,
Bt 10 o'clock a. K., from her late residence, 280'i
Bush street.
SIMPSON— In this city, February 21, 1896. James
Simpson, beloved nncleof Charles J. and Mary
. E. Wilson, a native of England, aged 92 years.
jtyFriends and acquaintances ar« r<»sDect-'
fully invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock P. M.. from the par-
lors of Charles J. B. Metzler. 636 Washington
. street, thence to B'nal B'rlth Hall. 121 • Eddy
street, where services will b* held, commencing
at 1:30 o'clock p. if.; under-the auspices of
Crockett Lodge No. 139, F. and A.M. Inter-
ment Masonic Cemetery. .
SNOOK— In this city. February 21. 1896. Jane C,
wifeof late John A. Snook, and mother of
Mrs. Brown, Mrs. Jones and Mrs. E. Wo'.f, a na-
' tive of Ireland, aged 60 ■ years 5 months and 18
days. . . .
jßteTFriends an.l acquaintances are resDftct-
fnlly Invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
■ (Sunday), at 3 o'clock v. m.. from Bethany Con-
gregational Cnurch, flartlett street, near Twen-
fifth. Interment private, Laurel Hill Ceme-
tery.
SPAULDING— In this city. February 21, '1896,'
Daisie May. beloved and onlydaughterof Jerome
and Celestla Spauldlng, a native of San Fran-;
cisco, aged 26 years and 8 months.
THOMAS— In this city, February 20, 1896. Wnsan
Alice, beloved wife of Arthur L. Thomas, daugh*
terof Mrs. Emily Hart, and sister of John M.'
Morris and George E. Hart, a native of England,
aged 21 years and 10 months.
Friends and acquainanccs are r— pact
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Saturday), at 10:30 o'clock a. m.. from her late
residence. 411 Tebama street. Interment Cy-
press Lawn Cemetery.
VERNAM— In ihls city, Februnry 'JO, 1896, P.on-
ald P. Vernam, a native of S-au Francisco, aged
4 years 8 months and 8 days. .■■:•'-
Y. M. I.— Members of the Young Men's Instltut«
and friends. are requested to attend ihe annual
requiem solemn hieh mass under the auspices
of Ignatian Council No. 35, for the repose of the
souls of deceased bro hers of the order at St.
Mary's Church (old Cathedral), California s:reet,
THIS DAY (Saturday), m 9:30 o'clock a. m.
FRANK McGLYNN, President.
'»'«. 11. Rh-kabp, Secretary.
I■; unitetTTn "i>krta ksks' 1
EMBALMING PARLORS.
Everything Requisite for T''irjt-c!aas Fun<«rala
- - ... . at Reaeonablo Kates. ' ■■
Telephone 3167. 27 and 'J9 Fifth street.
McAVoT* GALLAGHER, j"
FUNRKAL DIRKCTORS A EMBAUI Otft,
•O Birth St., Opp. Lincoln School.
. Telephone 2080. i '
"CYPRESS LAWN CEMETERY,
TN BAN MATEO COUNTY; NON-SECT ARIANj
' X laid oat ou the lawn plan; perpetual care; beuu>
' tlfnl, permanent and easy of access; see it befer*
baying a burial place elsewhere. ••• "
City i,ffl<«, 0 City Sftl) ATtoim
1516
FIRE DESTROYS
FAIR PROPERTY.
A Big Blaze on Commercial
Street Last Even
ing.
TWENTY THOUSAND LOSS.
Frightened Chinese Jump From
the Second-Story Windows
of the Building.
a lamp Was overturned.
Firemen Have a Desperate Battle
With the Flames Before They
Are Extinguished.
The carelessness of the Chinese em
ployes in the cigar-box factory of Quone
Yongat2L3 Commercial street started a
tire at 10 o'clock last evening that de
stroyed $:»0,000 worth of property.
The usual festivities incident to the
Chinese New Year celebration were going
on when a lamp was overturned. It ex
ploded and the burning oil was spread
over the floor and bedding of a bunk. The
frightened Celestials made no effort to ex
tinguish the flames, but with shouts of
terror seized their scanty belongings and
fled to the street, leaving the lire to eat its
way into the adjoining buildings.
A passer-by, H. Dannier. saw the Chinese
jumping from the second-story windows
and dashing into the street from the en
trances. He hurried to the house of En
gine Company 12 at Commercial and Davis
streets, where a still alarm was turned in.
By the time the company reached the
scene the fire was making rapid headway,
ana recognizing the futility of fighting it
alone, the foreman of the company turned
in an alarm from box 19. By the time the
engines arrived the lire had extended to
the t€nt and bag factory of George 11.
Wright it Company at 211 Commercial
street and the buildings in the rear and
in the center of the block bounded by
l»avi~, Front, Commercial and Sacramento
streets were a mass of flames over which
the *moke hovered in dense volumes.
The walls of the cooperage establish
ment of Andrew Carl, at 219 Commercial,
resisted the fire, but the buildings toward
Sacramento street were of a more inflam
mable nature aud were soon a raging fur
nace of flames.
The salt establishment of F. J. Conn &
Co., who are also agents of the Mission
(liemical Works, were first attacked, and
Hie wholesale hardware store of Levinson
No*. 206 to 210. followed.
The Dukin & Libby Soap Company,
which occupied offices above 212 Sacra
mento street, went up in flames, as did a
trunk and barrel factory back of the Chi
nese box-factory, where the tire started.
The Eclipse cracker-factory at 214 Sacra
mento street was flooded by water and the
stock ruined. Owing to the nature of the
buildings, which had been put together in
Email structures, the firemen had great
difficulty in getting streams on the fire,
which was only subdued at one point to
break out anew at some place where it was
supposed to be under control.
Most of the buildings were of wood and
burned like tinder, and the contents were
no less susceptible to the march of the
tire. The contents of the Wright estab
lishment, which was the second to be at
tacked by the fire, made particularly stub
born material, and though heavy streams
of water were persistently played on the
smoldering bags and canvas they broke
out anew the moment the water was
turned on the woodwork.
The efforts of the firemen were some
what hampered by the frightened Chinese,
who, after dumping their blankets and
boxes on the street, refused to budge until
moved by the police.
After half an hour of persistent fighting
the fire began to show signs of weakening
and the flames went down, though the
dense volumes of smoke from burning
cloth and jute continued to obscure the
scene.
Finally hose wa3 hoi-ted to the roofs of
buildings to the east and west of the burn
ing structures, which were all two-story
affairs of flimsy character, and the fire
confined to the houses that had already
been gutted.
It was not until 10:4") p. m. that the fire
was thoroughly under control.
The buildings destroyed were rickety af
fairs, and had long since been condemned
by the fire authorities. The loss on them
is trifling.
A SECOND BLAZE.
Fire In the Van Winkle Block Does
Damage of Several Thousand
Dollars.
Shortly before midnight an alarm was
turned in from box 43 for a fire in the Van
Winkle building at 413-415 Market street.
The fire started on the top floor, which is
occupied by Quane, the painter.
The flames spread rapidly and were
phootinc out of the roof when the Fire
Department arrived. As the building had
a standing-pipe connection the firemen
were enabled to work at a good advantage
and soon had the flames under control.
The losses are as follows:
I. S. Van Winkle <fc Co., hardware deal
ers, etc., damaged by water, including
building, which is owned by the Van
KEW TO-DAT.
disfigurTncT
-J^'^llft HUMOURS
tiGU^
YL/ \ | uilAr +
Cuticura Soap purifies and beautifies
the skin, scalp, and hair by restoring to
healthy activity the Clogged, Inflamed,
Irritated, Sluggish, or Overworked
Fores.
Fold throughout the world. British depot: r. Nit.
*I«r k Sn\«. 1. King Kdw»rd-«t.. l^ondon. Poti«*
V&vu ft Cbcx. Coir., Sole P ropi., flof.on , U. S. A.
Winkle estate, $7000; Quane, the painter,
on etock. $2000; Excelsior Glove Company,
damaee to stock by water, $.500; Cumber
land Coal Company, $250; all covered by
insurance..
The cause of the fire is unknown.
Fire at a Tannery.
The alarm from 285 at 11:50 iyas for a fire
at the tannery belonging to D. McAvoy at
Twenty-sixth street and Bryant avenue. Loss,
$50. -
VETERANS IN CHARGE.
Grove-Street Theater Managed by Old
California Guard— A San Francisco
Girl's Debut.
The Grove-street Theater presents the
appearance of a military headquarters this
week. The Veteran Guard of California,
G. A. R., the only organization of its kind
in the world and a self-sustaining and
independent body of war veterans, is
temporarily in the show business, although
the soldiers themselves are not the chief
actors.
The "You and I" company, composed of
Eastern talent, among which Harry Con
ners, the inimitable Irish comedian, is a
prominent figure, has almost completed a
week's successful engagement, that will
end Sunday night with the rollicking
comedy "Fun on the Bristol," to be first
presented at the matinee performance
to-day.
With this piece Miss Charlotte Sheldon,
a young and pretty fcian Francisco girl, will
make her professional debut on the stage
in the character of Nora O'Brien, the
daughter by second marriage.
One of the characteristic features of the
evening performances, introduced as a
curtain-raiser, is a war camp scene tableau
presented by the veterans, who, grouped
carelessly about a camptire, are iirst seen
singing "Tenting on the Old Camp-
Ground, '' and then going through the
movements required by guard mount and
those n-ecessitated by a sudden flank attack.
WILL BE INVESTIGATED
Department Commander Wilson,
G. A. R., and the Lyon
Post Charges.
Commander Norton Explains That the
Resolutions Were Not to Be
Made Public.
The charges made against the manage
ment of the Veterans' Home at Yount
ville by Lyon Post No. 8, G. A. R., of Oak
land, last Tuesday, was "like a thunder
bolt out of a clear sky," to quote the words
of one of the directors of that institution.
The general query among Grand Army
people is why the charges were lir.-t
made public without proper investi
gation or why the autho.s did net
wait till the time of the Grand Encamp
ment at Santa Cruz. In a few days the
election for a new commandant for the
home will come up, and in some quarters
it is thought possible that the charges
have some connection with that coming
event. However, it is known that the
matter will be brought before Department
Commander Charles Wilson, and fully
investigated.
In an interview that official declined to
state what course he would take, but ac
knowledged that the charges were 100
strong and too sweeping to be passed over
in silence. He said:
"While I do not wish to be reported as
making a decision, and while some of the
charges are too important to be treated
lightly, I must consider several of them as
ill advised, to say the least. lam sur
prised to hear of* those abuses, as it was
thought everything was going on proper!}'
at the home. Regarding the canteen or
'saloon,' as Lyon Post calls it, I am per
sonally not in favcrr witn any liquor Deine
sold there, but what can be done when
many of those old soldiers will drink
liquor?
"If they cannot get it at the home they
will get it outside of the grounds where no
limit is placed ou their drinking. Can
teens have been established at, military
posts as the smaller of two evils.
"However, the whole question will be
examined and a correct solution found in
due time."
The most prominent candidates for the
position of commandant at Yountville
are Hon. K. C. Seymour, past department
commander, of San Bernardino; H. T.
Smith of Oakland, George Waltz, W. Mc-
Neil, J. Sheppard, J. Inness, H. Berdell of
San Francisco.-
The publication of the resolutions passed
by Lyon Post, G. A. K., of Oakland, was
a surprise to most of the members of that
post, as it was not intended that they
should be given to the public. The plan
was to get the resolutions well introduced
all over the department and bring them
up at the Santa Cruz encampment.
Commander George A. Norton of Lyon
Post No. 8 said yesterday :
"The action of Lyon Post in regard to
the Veterans' Home was the result of
many reports that have been in circula
tion for several years. It commenced
while a former member of Lyon Post was
a director and the notorious Royce was
treasurer. Since that time earnest efforts
have been made to reform the conduct of
affairs there, which have been only partial
ly successful.
'•I believe that a great step was taken
toward reform when General Thompson
was elected commandant, Dut almost from
the commencement of his otlicial career he
has been a shining mark for certain
directors to get rid of in some way. At
last these men have succeeded. It is un
necessary to say that the resolutions were
not intended for publication. It was not
authorized by the post or its officers. I
see that Director Arbuckle in an interview
denies and admits one and the same
charge, i. e., that in regard to Treasurer
Currier's salary. He also admits the
saloon, but calls it canteen; that the
expenses of the San Francisco office are
$3000 per annum (it was charged that they
were $4000). Perhaps Commandant Ar
buckle could find other expenses to amount
to the $1000 additional.
"I am not inclined to find fault with
Commander Arbuckle, for I believe he has
done his very best to fight the combine in
their schemes.
"The resolutions published by Lincoln
Post, reflecting upon the action ot Lyon
Post in this matter, might mean some
thing provided it were not a well-known
fact that the ring could have been broken
long ago had it not been for the aid and
comfort it received from certain members
of Lincoln Post. The whole matter will
now be left subject to the action of the
next encampment."
OPERA AT THE BALDWIN.
Close of the Season by Performances
This Afternoon mid To-Night..
The Tavary grand-opera season closes
with the company's two performances at
the .Baldwin this afternoon and evening.
For the matinee the singers will give their
well-known interpretation of "Carmen,"
with Mine. Thea Dorre in the principal
role. The prices at this matinee are to be
special holiday rates, having been made
50 cents, 75 cents and $1. To-night the
company closes its engagement with a
double b'll of "I'Pagliacci" and "Trova
tore," in which will be heard Marie Tav
ary, Anna Lichter, Belle Tomlins, A. L.
Guille. Max Eugene, William Schuster
and others.
Next Monday night Frederick Warde
makes his appearance, supported by a
strong company of players. He will pre
sent, during the first week of his engage
ment, "The Mountebank," "The Lion's
Mouth" and "Virginiue."
The Marquis of Ix>rne is engaged upon
the history of Windsor Castle, and of
which he lately published a guide book.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 22, 1896.
MRS. WILLMORE
UNDER ARREST.
Startling Confession of
Archie Majors Causes
Prompt Action.
BURGLARY THE CHARGE
The Mother Is Officially Accused
of Tutoring the Two Boys
in Crime.
STATEMENT OF CHIEF LLOYD.
Ina Willmore, the Child, Regarded as
a Victim of the Woman's Unnat
ural Designs.
Oakland Office San Fraxcipco Call, I
90S Broadway, Feb. 21. )"
The climax in the story of the boy
burglars was reached to-night, when
Mrs. Willmore was arrested and placed in
the City Prison. Mrs. "Willmore is the
Mrs. Willmore of Oakland and Her Two <In Mien. Hurt and Ina. Ihe Woman
Was Arrested Last Night for Tutoring Her Own Children and the Majors Boys
in Burglary and Other Wrongdoing.
[Drawjifrom a photograph.]
mother of Burt, the youthful companion
in crime of Abe Majors.
As told in this morning's Call, Abe
made a confession to-day. He was visited
in jail by his brother Archie, who came
up from San Luis Obispo with James
Wagner. To Archie, the young prisoner
confided all that he had hitherto kept to
himself out of love for Ina, the daughter
of Mrs. Willmore.
Archie told his story very freely to-night
to a Call reporter, and his manner was
that of one who was telling the whole
truth.
"The story that I told the Chief of Po
lice three months ago," said Archie
Majors, "and which was publislud in Tup;
Call at the time, has come absolutely
true. I told of the carryings on in the
"Willmore house and of the influence of
Mrs. Willmore over Abe, but as I vas
forced to leave home at that time, the
statements I made could not be proved.
Now everything is out ana there is noth
ing to conceal. I want to see this whole
matter set right.
"I was forced to leave my mother's
house because she was so completely con
cerned about her own troubles that she
did not Day any attention to me, and I
thought I was looked upon as a machine.
I tried every way I could to be good to
mother, but it was no use, and the crown
ing point was when she garnisheed my
wages and 1 could not get enough to eat.
Then I threw up my job and went away.
This was about Christmas time. Abe had
disappeared several weeks previous to this
and I made every effort to find him. I
lived some time at the Willmore house, but
had to leave. The reason I did so cannot
be told.
"Abe's trouble at home commenced with
his regard for Ina. When my mother
heard of it she was wild. She quarreled
with the boy, and instead of trying to
settle matters, I took her part and got
down on Abe, and he went to the Will
more house to live. I knew it was no
place for him, but what could I do? I saw
that Mrs. Willmore had a strong influence
over him. She used tier daughter to re
tain her hold of Abe.
"He does not care a snap of his finger
for the mother, but he does honestly love
the girl. He is sincere in his attachment
for her and I believe he intended to marry
her.
"About a month before Christmas Abe
disappeared and I hunted everywhere for
him. I was working hard myself then and
did not have much time to spare, but I
put in all I could looking for him. I
know now that he was being secreted by
Mrs. Willmore.
"One morning, about two days before
Christmas, I saw Abe, Burt Willmore and
Ina as I was driving across the Websier
street bridge. I jumped off the wagon and
Abe refused to recognize me, but after a
little coaxing he was tractable, and 1 saw
him again the same night. The morning
of Wagner's petition for the children be
ing heard in San Francisco I crossed the
bay on the same boat with Mrs. Will more.
1 asked her where Abe was and she said he
was in Sacramento, working under an as
sumed name, because he was afraid his
mother would have him arrested. Mrs.
Willmore was lying to me, and at the very
time he was in her house.
"Mrs. Willmore is not the hard-working
woman she is said to be. • She used to work
occasionally, but this affair has been going
on for some time, and there has always
been more money in her house than was
earned. The story she tells of Abe having
explained to her that he was receiving
money from an uncle in the East was a
very clever one, but I guess Abe did not
make it up.
"I went down to see Abe to-day with a
sergeant of police, and he told me every
thing. lam not at liberty to give out his
confession, but it bears out what I have
said all along about the Willmores."
Abe's confession was complete, and tal
lies so thoroughly with the facts obtained
by the detectives that Chief Lloyd says ne
believes it to be true.
Abe says that Mrs. Willmore prompted
the boys in their nightly burglaries, and
that she took the money and helped them
to hide it in the various places where it
was found by Captain Wilson and the de
tectives. Chief Lloyd has always main
tained that the woman was a guilty party,
and when The Call published the ex
clusive information two weeks ago that
Mrs. Willmore would be arrested the
statement was on reliable information, the
source of which could not be divulged at
the time. Mrs. Willmore used to return
from prayer-meetings and then, according
to Abe's confession, lay the plans with
the boys for their burglaries. She has
been the most active fiirure in the proceed
ings, and has by her manner successfully
prevented any suspicion from being di
rected toward her house. She it was, so
the boy says, who proposed that the pro
ceeds of the Girard rubbery should be
placed behind the picture, and the subter
fuge of the pillows being put to bed to
give the appearance of the boys being in
their room was also an idea of hers. This
was done so that Ina would be deceived
and would not be too curious about the
boys.
When arrested to-night Mrs. Willmore
was at her home on Franklin street. She
expressed no surprise and readily con
sented to go to prison. She was accom
panied by her daughter Ina, who was de
tained in the chief's priva'.e office till Mrs.
Lydia Prescott of the Children's Society
i was sent for.
When Mrs. Prescott arrived she took
i charge of the prisoner's 14-year-old
daughter. She has her where no evil in
fluence will reach the child. Mrs. Pres
cott is nreatly worked up over the case and
will make an effort as soon as possible to
have the girl separated legally from her
mother. In speaking of the case she said :
"I have taken a great interest in this
case on account of the child Ina. I have
now decided to apply for letters of guar
dianship on the grounds that Mrs. Will
more is an immoral woman and not a fit
subject to have control of the child. W T e
have known this for some time, but have
not had the evidence before to prove it.
Now, however, I have all the evidence
necessary to prove the kind of woman she
really is.
"I hope it will not transpire that the
girl knew of all that was going on, as 1
believe it is possible that she will make a
good woman."
Mrs. Willmore, Ina and Burt have, all
three, been carried on the rolls of the First
Baptist Church of this city as members
for some years. Mrs. Willmore and Ina
are regular attendants at the various
church services, and* the former often
takes part at the midweek prayer-meet
ings. She has hitherto borne a good
name, and her arrest has come as a great
surprise to her many friends.
"Mrs. Willmore is a remarkable woman,"
said Chief Lloyd to-night. "If it were not
for all the evidence that we have I should
doubt that such a woman ever existed.
She has posed as a member of a church
and has led a life of the most depraved
nature imaginable. It is impossible to re
peat the story told me in detail by Archie
Majors.
"She has ruined her own boy. lam in
formed that she has sacrificed the honor
of her daughter for tne purpose of further
ing her ends, and she has blasted young
Majors' life. Bhe was commencing to ex
ert a fearful influence over Archie last
November, but he came to me and had the
manliness to quit. Had he not gone away
I should have been able to have brought
those charges home to her at that time,
but without his evidence I was powerless.
I have arrested Mrs. Willmore on the ad
vice of the District Attorney, and will
charge her with burglary. That is the
highest crime that can be brought against
her."
This sequel to the death of Majors, who
was executed at San Jose twelve years ago,
is remarkable. His wife, Mrs. Wagner, is
a nervous and physical wreck, and her
children will probably have to be taken
care of in some institution. Wagner, her
second husband, is at present in the Oak
land jail for refusing to support his minor
children. Abe Majors is in jail awaiting
trial for burglary. Mrs. Willmore, who
enticed Abe from his mother, is in jail,
her daughter, Ina, is in charge of the
Chabot Home, and her son, Burt, is in the
County Jail.
Archie Majors said to-night that his
brother is several years younger than
young Willmore, and that he is prepared
to prove it. Mrs. Willmore has frequently
stated that her boy is the vounger of the
two, and that Abe led him into a life of
crime. Archie is prepared to prove dif
ferently.
DARING WORK OF
GRAVE-ROBBERS
Body-Snatchers Disturb the
Remains of Mrs.
Rose Clarke
•
IN CALVARY CEMETERY.
The Deceased Woman Had Been
111 for More Than
Two Years
HERS WAS A PECULIAR CASE.
It Is Supposed That Medical Students
Are the Perpetrators of
the Crime.
A sad illustration, as it were, of the visi
tation of misery always being in the plural
has been impressed upon William Clarke,
his sons and daughter, of 317 Fell street.
It was only on Wednesday last that they
buried Mrs. Rose Anna Clarke, the mother
of the family, and force of circumstances
compelled a repetition of the ceremony
yesterday morning at Mount Calvary Cem
etery.
It was a tearful and perplexed gathering
in which some detectives in civilians'
clothes and the officers of the cemetery
mixed.
The Call of yesterday morning gave,
exclusively, the cause of the reburial of
Mrs. Clarke.
; Further investigation, however, reveals
', a story of ghoulish work which, although
j heard of from time to time in the North-
I west, has been almost unknown in this
! City.
j Superintendent Peter Mohun of tne eem
; etery said yesterday that there <fere 75,000
i people Duried in his graveyard and never
| before had an attempt been made there to
| disinter a corpse for illegal purposes. But |
the superintendent, faithful to his pledge
given the family of . the principal in the I
•>resent cane, refused to give the name of !
dead woman.
"I cannot tell you who she is," he said.
'She was buried Wednesday mornine.and
one of the workmen waited until Thurs- |
day morning to place the hedge around j
the plat. He went there at 7 o'clock and j
found the grave dug out and the coffin j
exposed. He reported the matter to my j
foreman and then to me. 1 notified the
j police and she family of the deceased.
j The corpse had not been touched, and ,
; while we are unaware of the reason that {
! prompted the crime, or who were the ;
i perpetrators, we do not want to speak on i
thesubject."
The following death and burial notice j
appeared in Monday's Call, and is the
only one fitting the case at issue:
CLARKE- In this city February, 16. 1896, Hose
Anna, beloved wife of William < larke, mother of
Mag;ie, William J. and Cornelius Clarice, and
sister of Mrs. I- Walsh, Mrs. B. Kelly. Mrs. D. :
Kenny and Daniel Curran, a native of County i
Armagh, Ireland, ai?i'rt 66 years.
#J~Frlends and acquaintances are respect
fully Invited to attend the funeral WEDNES
DAY, February 19. at 9 o'clock a. m., from her
late residence, 317 Fell street; thence to Sacred j
Heart Church, where a solemn requiem niass !
will be celebrated for tho repose of bersoul. com- !
menclng at 9:30 o'clock a. m. Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery.-
Mr. Clarke, the widower, his sons and
his daughter, were called upon at their
residence last evening and their statement
of the case is somewhat at variance with
that of Superintendent Mobun.
The eldest son, broken down by sorrow,
but manfully attempting to repress his
tears, told the following story:
"Yes, we had to bury mother over again
this morning. When we were notified
that something was wrong we went out
there and found that some people had dug
away all the dirt over the boxcontaining
the casket. The lid was cast aside and the
entire top of the casket, plateglass a quar
ter of an inch thick and all, was smashed
as with an ax. The body of mother was
found to be in full view, as if the thieves,
or whatever they are, had not had time to
do their work and had fled. The shroud
had been pulled up and lay over the face.
This fact makes me believe that some
medical students did the job and intended
not to carry the body away, but to make
an incision right there and take away
those parts they wanted.
"You see," he added, "mother's case
was a very ppculiar one. She died of
heart disease after lingering over two years
and a half, and her condition during that
time excited much comment. I and my
family believe that it was on this account
that some medical people wanted to make
an investigation to satisfy their own curi
osity. Our family physician, I want it to be
understood, is a good and honest man and
we do not want any aspersion cast upon
him. We think that medical students are
the guilty ones and if I could only find
them out they would never again have an
opportunity to go grave-robbinc "
The young man, like Superintendent
Mohun, did not believe that the guilty
parties were after plunder. The ring9 and
other valuables possessed by Mrs. Clarke
had been taken from the body and dis
tributed as mementoes among her rela
tives.
Chief Crowley, when apprised of the
case, detailed two officers to watch the
cemetery. They were there again last
night, but it is not iikely that the ghouls
will return.
The chief is speculating on the cause of
the hasty departure of the robbers from
the graveyard and the fact that they left
their shovel behind. He believes thai
they must have been scared away by the
noise of people passing by the cemetery
on their way from a wake held Wednesday
night on Masonic avenue. Young Clarke,
the son of the deceased, believes that the
robbers became frightened at the noise
they made when they broke the plate
glass in the casket.
THE BLUE ENVELOPE CASE
Mrs. Emma Gregory Resents
Any Word of Doubt as to
Her Honesty.
Dr. Flesher and His Wife Give Their
Version of the McCluskey Claim
for Rent.
Indignation reigns in the cozy flat on
Haight street occupied by Mrs. Emma
Gregory, her daughter, Mrs. Flesher, her
husband, Mr. Gregory, and her son-in
law. Dr. Fleslier. The casus belli is a pub
lished account of the serving of an order
of examination upon Mrs. Gregory. Ac
cording to the newspaper article the docu
ment was long in being served, owing to
the astuteness with which Mrs. Gregory
impeded its delivery into her hands. The
matter at issue is a claim for rent on the
part of one McCluskey, landlord of a flat
which the family once occupied on Lom
bard street.
"So far as I am concerned," said Mrs.
Gregory, when spoken to on the subject,
"I have little to say. The Lombard-street
flat was taken by my daughter and her
husband and Mr. Gregory and I boarded
with them. We could not be called upon
to pay the debts of Dr. Flesher and his
wife. The talk about its being hard to
serve the order upon me is a pure fabrica
tion. _ The device of having a woman pre
sent it to me at a public meeting was sim
ply an invention of Mrs. McCluskey,
whereby she sought to humiliate and wor
ry, me. I had never cared to meet the Mc-
Cluskeys on terms of equality, hence the
feeling against me. The envelope contain
ing the document was not sealed, so I did
not open it until after the meeting."
"I do not consider myself indebted to
McCluskey," remarked Dr. Flesher, who
was sitting by his mother-in-law. "I
treated two of "his children, one for three
weeks and the other for about two months.
I received no fees for my services and even
supplied a large part of the medicines at
my own expense. McCluskey sued me for
$120. My bill, which has not been paid,
was $175. The court reduced the amount
of my claim to $75, which would leave me
owing McCluskey $45, but then no account
was taken of the medicines furnished and
the damage to my practice, l am willing
•to do almost anything in order to keep
the peace, but I do not relish being bullied
and imposed upon. 1 '
"I also have suffered by reason of
this affair," interrupted Mrs. Flesher. ''I
have just bought a weekly paper and was
in negotiations with an artist for a new
design for the title-page. I could not pay
cash for the work, but arrangements were
almost concluded. Now comes this article
destroying our credit and the artist forth
with refuses point-blank to have anything
further to do with the matter. It looks as
though our credit had been destroyed
through the revengeful intrigues of the
McCluskey people."
"Come wiiat may," resumed Mrs. Greg
ory, "I shall obey the summons and go to
court. I have not barricaded my door
against the ministers of the law and I
hold mvself always in readiness to o->ey
its commands. Before long this affair will
be cleared up and the blame made to rest
where it belongs."
TYPOS PRAISE "THE CALL"
Its Liberality in Employing
Labor Applauded at the
Council.
Indorsement of a Movement to
Organize the Local Garment-
Makers — Notes.
T. F. Burns presided at the meeting of j
the Labor Council last evening in the ab- i
sencp of President McGlynn. There was a
good showing of delegates present and
much of the discussion was of unusual
interest.
An invitation from the San Francisco
Tageblatt Association to attend the cele
bration of the paper's anniversary was re
ceived and accepted.
A delegate from the Bakers' Union an- j
nounced that there would be a mass- i
meeting of that union at the Labor Temple !
on Turk street next Sunday afternoon.
Mr. Ackerman of the Typographical
Union reported that there were a great
many printers out of employment now
owing to the introduction of machines in
most of the offices. "The only resource
for a newspaper printer now," he said, "is
The Cai.i,, which has about 150 men on its
j payroll."
It was stated that The Call is the only
morning daily paper in San Francisco that
does not use type-settiner machines.
E. Rosenberg of the Coast Seamen's
Union reported that there were several
bills before Congress now which would be j
very beneficial to seamen. One of these j
provided for more commodious sleeping
quarters for sailors, and another for |
making shippers liable for injuries sus- j
tained by seamen. Other delegates reported
the conditions of their various crafts.
A. Goodman secured permission to ad
dress the council. He declared that almost
all the ready-made clothing in the City
was made in Chinatown, and that even a
large portion of the custom-made clothes
was made by Chinese labor. He stated
that he had been working to organize a
union among the tailors. He had secured
about 100 men, and 500 or fi()0 men who were
willing to join a union if some one would
assist him in the work of organization. He
invited the members of the council to be
present at a meeting to be held at 927
Mission street, next Tuesday evening.
Delegates Holmes, McArthur, Milne,
Moore. Ackerman and Schubert were ap
pointed a special committee to act with
the organizing committee in the matter.
A committee appointed to interview
several lar«,:e clothing dealers, who were
handling goods made by non-union firms
in the East, reported that negotiations
were progressing toward a settlement.
ANOTHER PIONEER GONE
M. Esberg Passes Away After
an Illness of a Few
Weeks.
He Was a California Pioneer of the
Fifties — His Successful Busi
ness Career.
M. Esberg died at his residence, at 2211
Pacific street, Thursday night. He had
only been ill a few days, but being ad
vanced in years he soon succumbed to the
attack.
The deceased was a native of Germany.
He came to California as a youth. This
was in 1850. He arrived by way of the
Isthmus of Panama, immediately com
ine to San Francisco.
His first venture was a cigar factory on
Kearny street, but after a few years he
moved downtown and enlarged his busi
ness. He succeeded S. Rosenbaum & Co.,
tobacco- dealers, California and Battery
streets, when he was associated with Mr.
Bachman the junior member of the firm at
present.
Mr. Esbcg was quite successful in busi
ness, and was possessed of a considerable
fortune at the time of his death. He was
of a kindly, charitable disposition, and
generous in his gifts, and alwavs willing
to assist in every good work. His death
was somewhat unexpected though he had
been failinu some time.
He left a family of five children, two of
whom— Alfred ana Henry — were asso
ciated with him in the business.
Charged AVith Seduction.
Anton Halfman, a brewer, was arrested last
evening by Policeman R. J. Kerrison on a war
rant sworn to by Margaret Hambert, a domes
tic, charging him wlih seduction. When
questioned at the California-street station he
denied having wronged the young woman and
said that she had a grievance against him of
an entirely different character, and had taken
this meaus of getting revenge.
Poisoned by Quinine.
Thomas Twohy, a helper at the Bay Dis
trict Track, prescribed quinine for himself
to cure a chill, on Thursday. The chill
was abated, but Twohy could neither see
nor hear yesterday morning. He was
taken to the Receiving Hospital.
Acknowledged by All.
GREAT AMERICAN IMPORTING TEA CO.'S
Teas, Coffees and Spices
Best and Cheapest. Try Them.
Pretty presents given away free.
52 Market St., 8. F. Headquarters.
BRANCH STOKES EVEKVWHERE.
ANGRY IROQUOIS BRAVES.
Buckleyites Are Charged With
Trying to Spoil the Big
Annual Supper.
THE STATE CONCLAVE TO-DAY.
Anti-Rainey Leaders of the Junta
Still Wrestling With Sam and
the Primary.
There is more war for the Iroquois Club,
and it's about the big and line annual
banquet which the club will eive to-night
at Delmonico's in honor of "Washington'3
birthday and the country delegates.to the
State conference of Iroquois clubs, which,
will meet to-day.
During the discussion of the banquet at
the regular meeting of the Iroquois Club
last night it was announced two or three
times with indignation that certain mem
bers of the club had gone about yesterday
trying to produce a frost for the annual
feast, asking other members not to put up
$:< for a ticket, aiid offering to bet new hats
that Governor Budd would not go there.
They are of the defeated Buckley element
of the club who are thus indicted.
The anti-Buckley element captured the
club at the recent annual election and now
it is said that some of them look with
jealous eyes on the prospect of their ene
mies shininir at the annual banquet before
the county Democrats and the Governor.
Max Popper and Louis Metzger made this
announcement of traitors in the camp and
when E. P. E. Troy moved that the out
rage be investigated and the offenders
properly dealt with it was decided to attend
to that when the feast is over.
A state of war is the normal one for the
Iroquois Club, but such a serious issue has
not been rai:-ed for along time. The braves
enjoy a banquet, a picnic and a bulls head
breakfast annually, and on tnese occasions
all hatchets are "supposed to be buried.
When the supper is eaten hatchets will be
dug up for those who tried to spoil it, and
meantime the wine will be watched until
supper time comes.
The State- conference will assemble at
Pythian Castle at 10:30 this morning,
and Lawrence J. Welch, secretary of the
State League, announced that the appoint*
nient of thirty-eight delegates from out»
side clubs had been certified to him.
Grand Sacbem Raleigh Barker of Vaca
| ville did not arrive last night, as expected,
'and no definite plans as to what will be
■ done were arranged. There will be resolu
tions expressing the Democratic sentiment
of the body on ail sorts of things and dis
cussions supposed to be for the good of the
party.
Governor Budd and Frank Gould, chair
man of the State Central Committee, are
| among the delegates appointed by the
I Stockton club, and this delegation is ex-
I pected to do what it can while here to se
! cure the coming State Convention for that
1 citv.
The banquet is to be a gem and "out of
sight," it was so announced by L. V.
Merle and Louis Metzger of the board of
trustees last night. There are to be palms
and flowers, music galore, eloquent
Democrats and an astonishing menu.
The Governor is to respond to the toast
"California."
Dp at the Junta headquarters in the
Flood building Chairman Sullivan, Chief
Bos3 McNab, A. a. Watkins, M. C. Has
sett, John P. McGovern and two or three
more of the committee wrestled with
problems involved in the primary to be
held on Monday evening. They "settled
on the Jists of election officers and polling
places and then tried to settle some of the
contests with Bam Rainey, particularly
the on3 in the Forty-fourth District, but
they didn't succeed in settling any thine
Chairman Sullivan said that they would
probably succeed in compromising on one
ticket in every district, but George Max
well and some others have not yet dis
played a compromising disposition.
More will be known about Rainey's grip
on the Junta after next Monday night.
A SELECT READING.
J. J. Ayers Entertained an Audience in
Pioneer Hall Last Night.
J. J. Ayers read a number of selections
from his "Biographical Historical Sketches
of California," to a small though attentive
audience in Pioneer Hall last evening.
Mr. Ayers besides being one of the pio
neer journalists of the State is a versatile
writer and a pleasing speaker. His read
ing was listened to with marked interest.
He began with a picturesque descrip
tion of his entrance through the Golden
Gate in 1849, and by a number of careful
and appropriate selections led his hearers
up to the dawning of San Francisco's per
manent prosperity, touching entertain
ingly on phases of the City's earlier history
most replete in romantic incidents of a
stirring character.
Among his personal reminiscences which
gave his hearers much amusement was an
account of his short experience as a mem
ber of a barn-storming theatrical troupe.
It was in the early days, and with the
usual receptions accorded* by mining-camp
audiences fighting a way out of town and
swimming ice-cold streams in the moun
tains, the experiment was enough to last
the writer and reader a lifetime.
la that part of the reading referring to
the -water-side epoch in San Francisco's
history, when the lapping tide wavelet3
tumbled over one another where the
heavy trucks now rumble along the whole
sale thoroughfares below Sansome street,
there were many interesting statistics.
The United States
Government reports
ROYAL* a pure
cream of tartar
baking powder,
highest of all
in leavening
strength.
*9»At BAKINQ POWOEB CO., 1M WALL ST..«.*£ **