VOLUME LXXIX.— XO. 171.
With Glittering Escort the
Czar and Czarina
Appear.
ELABORATE PREPARATIONS FOR THE
CORONATION.
Russia's Real Capital Thronged by Digni
taries of the World to Witness the
Dazzling Festivities.
MOSCOW, Russia, May 18. — Distin
guished persons from all parts of the
world are arriving here hourly to witness
the ceremonies attending the coronation
of the Czar. Li Hung Chang, the repre
sentative of the Emperor of China, with a
large and brilliant suite, arrived here to
day and was received at the station with
great enthusiasm. Among other arrivals
are Field Marshal Yamagata, representa
tive of the Emperor of Japan; the Crown
Prince of Roumania and the Duke and
Duchess of Nugara, the Duke representing
the Queen Regent and King of Spain. All
were received with honors, the Crown
Prince of Roumania being received at the
6tatiun with military honors.
The chief event to-day was the arrival
of the Czar and Empress and their escort
from ?t. Petersburg. The Czar looked
well and the Empress appeared in fine
health. Her Majesty was dressed in white,
and the Cz:tr wore the colonel's uniform of
the I'roDajenski regiment.
It was late in the afternoon when the
iiid < zarina arrived at the Petrosky
-, outside of Moscow, where the
lay of the Czar was celebrated and
where their majesties will remain until
Thursday, May 21, the date fixed for the
triumphal entry of the Czar into Moscow,
which is to be one of the most imposing
spectacles in all the ceremonies attending
ui'On the coronation.
They brought with them on their special
train irom t-t. Petersburg their infant
daughter, the Grand Duchess Olga.
Tbsir departure was made the occasion of
a most elaborate civil and military display.
streets from the palace to the railway
D were lined with enthusiastic
crowd?, who heartily wished God speed to
their majesties.
One of tiie special features of tie present
events in Moscow is the doing away with
the custom of employing special consta
n citizen's dress to guard the route of
the Czar's coming and going from the city.
On general occasions the rout* of the
Czar's progress is guarded by a double line
of military, a double rank of sworn ci
vilians, the ordinary police in unifoirus,
the police of the Defense Department and
the detective police.
The doing away with the sworn civilian
ranks will give better opportunity for the
Czar's subjects at large to witness his prog
ress to ttie coronation.
Preparations for the grand entry into
the city are not yet completed. They are
far advanced and on all sides are evidences
of the confusion and hurry of the last
touches for every celebration.
The character of the preparations is
most imposine. The palace of the Grand
Duke Sergius is especially magnificent.
This is situated upon Ferskaja street,
along which the Czar goes from the
Petrovsky Palace to the Kremlin on
Thursday.
Opposite the Governor-General's resi
dence is a ereat frame screen, built to
mask an unsightly building used as a
guardroom for the troops on official duty
at the palace.
Near at hand is a watch-tower of the
fire department, which was a clumpy and
unsightly object, but has been masked
from base to the top of the tower with
evergreens and thousands of lamps for
illumination by night.
Nearly ail of the buildings in Moscow
are built of wood and brick, covered indis
criminately with a white stucco, the gen
eral effect being that of a wholly white
wailed city.
The coloring of the stucco has been al-
As He Appears in the Dress of a Private Gentleman, Which
Is Said to Be His Favorite Style of Apparel.
j most universally renewed and freshened
! for the occasion, lending to the city a pe
culiarly brilliant aspect.
Tverskaja street, the route of the Czar's
progress from the Petrovsky Palace to the
Kremlin, has concentrated within its
length much of the preparation.
This preparation has necessarily been
very elaborate to insure a point of van
tage for the vast number who are under
official care.
The competition for position among
those not officially provided for has been
unprecedented. Many houses along the
street have been rented at high rates for
the whole year, merely to secure the lessee
a window for the procession on Thursday.
For single windows fabulous prices have
been offered and many bitter disputes over
| points for seeing the spectacle have
already found their way into the courts.
The Czar on the occasion of his corona
i tion, it is said, will abolish every form of
corporal punishment in the empire. It is
expected he will pardon thousands of con
t victs in Siberia.
The coronation of the Czar of all the
Russias is au exceedingly elaborate and
! impressive ceremony. While it may jolt
the plain republican ideas of an American
there is no aspect of it that appeals to his
; sense of the ridiculous. Although the
I central event of the ceremony doeB not
. take place until May 26, the processional
: pomp of the affair has already begun.
• Some time ago the imperial regalia were
taken with every conceivable splendid
state ceremony from St. Petersburg to
Moscow. This collection is made up of
the thrones, scepters, diadems, crowns,
precious stones, the gold and many quaint
and costly uniforms of former monarhs.
Unlike the regalia of other .European
monarchies — now merely matters of
; curiosity— the regalia of Ruasia has a
living value, for is not the Czar the sole
master o; his dominions and of his sub
jects? T tie transfer of tLese treasures to
I the place of coronation was, therefore,
\ attended with much show and state and
j constituted the tirst of the many imposing
; ceremonies that will follow. These will be
| as theatrical, as glorious as a Roman
! triumph, and will show the world that the
j largest country in it is guiltless as yet of
modern notions concerninc government.
The entrance of an Emperor and Em
press into Moscow, the real capital, will be
attended by many picturesque scenes.
I From the Petrovsky Palace to the ancient
i Kremlin will march side by side in gala
: uniform every description of European
I troops and soldiers of semi-oriental and
1 purely Asiatic appearance. Stout infan-
I try of western type, ancient regiments at
tired in the costume of the time they were
raised; heavy artillery, bright cavalry in
tunics of green, blue and scarlet; Uhlans
with long lances, dragoons with glittering
swords, Cossacks from the Don, the Volga
and the Black Sea; Circassians with hi;:h
caps of lamb's wool; Kirghis from the
stepnes of Central Asia — these and others
! unlike these will show the way to the coro
nation chapel and guard the persons of
the master and mistress.
The Czar, knowing no higher personage
than himself, for he is at once absolute
political and ecclesiastical monarch, will
place the crown upon his own head with
his own hands. He will receive it from
the Archbishop of Moscow. This central
Ceremony will take place in the Cathedral
of the Assumption, in the heart of the
! Kremlin. The church is so small that
! few persons can actually see the corona
j tion. But the consummation of the fact
I will be announced by thundering cannon.
SAN FRANCISCO, TUESDAY MORXESG, MAY 19, 1896.
The accompanying engraving is reproduced from the London Graphic of October 7, 1882,
representing the entry of the former Czar and Czarina into the Kremlin at Moscow. That his
torical event, with new actors in the leading role, is soon to be repeated with all the magnificent
ceremony that the great Empire of the North can furnish.
The ancient city will be in a blaze of light
that night.
Moscow stands on bills and the points
of view will be advantageous. All the
ereat buildings of the city will show their
architectural lines in fire. From the car
dens of the Kremlin the cathedrals and
the belfry of Ivan Veiiky will be seen in
their dress of fire, while from the Kremlin
terrace the whole of Moscow will seem to
stretch itself out in a sea of flume. Fire
works of all sorts will he burned and
music will fill the air. There will be a
public feast. At the Grand Theater an
opera will be sung, and the Czar and his
wife will sit in the center box. Then the
ceremonies will be over and the Emperor
will return to St. Petersburg.
Annirernary of ttin Jiirth Celebrated
Throuahout the Etnpire.
ST. PETERSBURG, ftmoA, M.iy 18.—
The Duke and Duchess cf Connaut'ht ar
rived here to-day en route for Moscow,
where the DuKe will represent his mother.
Queen Victoria, at the coronation cere
monies. In the party are a representative
of the Prince and Princess 01 Wales, the
Queen's sj>ecial equerry and Colonel and
Mrs. Gerton. They traveled to St. Peters
burg in the royal yacht Victoria and Al
bert.
The Czar is 28 years old to-day and the
anniversary of his birth was tittintriy cele
brated in all the cities of the empire. All
the warships at Cronstadt, including the
American and British, joined in firing
salutes in honor of the occasion.
LONDON, Eng., May 18.— The Rome
correspondent of the Chronicle telegraphs
that the Vatican has been informed that
the Czar will pardon all Catholic priests
who have been convicted under the public
worship laws. He will also gradually
largely extend religious liberty in his do
mains.
BERLIN, Gekmavt, May 18.— Herren
Bebel, Auer, Pfannkuch, Singer, Gerisch
and other prominent lenders of the Social
Democratic party, who were recently ar
rested mider the law corerning associa
tions, and for baring Socialist literature
in their possession, were convicted to-dav
and lined from oO to 75 marks each. The
less well-known member- of the party who
were arrested on the same charge were
acquitted.
Magnificent Costumes D ; splayed
at the Buckingham Palace
Drawing-Room.
Most Admired of AH Was the Duchess
of Maryborough, Formerly Miss
Vanderbi.t.
■LONDON, Eng., May IS.— The Princess
[of Wales held a drawing-room on behalf of
Ithe Queen at Buckingham l'alace this
aftcrnuon. The Duchess of Marlborouch,
formerly Mifli Vamierbilt of New York.
w;t- presented by her mother-in-iaw. the
Marchioness of Blandford. The L»uchess
wore a magnificent train of white duchess
satin embroidered with pearls, with apold
and silver true lover's knot, bordered
with foliage. The bodice was of the same
material and design as the train, trimmed
with bruasels lace and fronted with a
bouquet of tiny w ite rose-bud3. The
sleeves were of tulle and white satin. The
Duchess wore a head dress and court
plume with a veil and ornaments of lilies
of the valley from Blenheim Palace.
The three sisters oi the Duke of Marl
borough were attired alike in wnite satin
a:id wore th° family pearls. The Mar
chioness of Blandford wore pearl irray
satin.
Among the debutantes presented were
M •< h-ant'ord, sister of Miss Muriel San
ford of Canada who was presented at the
last drawing-room and who wore primrose
satin, and BfiM Maude Taibot of New
YorK, attired in a handsome gown oi white
saiin lined with yellow, which had the ef
fect of sh'>t Her corsage wai
trimmed with laburnum.
Mrs. Wittinck, another American, was
also presented. She wore an orange satin
dress with a court train lined with prim
| rose silk. The weutner was bright and
l clear and the attendance large.
Although there were many debunt»ntes,
the Duchess of Marlborough was the most
admired of all.
Mr«. Bayard, wife of the United States
Enibassador, presented Mrs. Calvin S.
Brice, wife of Senator Brice of Ohio, ami
the Misses Brice and Mrs. Donglas Grant,
at the drawing-room.
After the drawing-room Embassador
Bayard and Mrs. Bayard held a reception
;it their residence.
Archbishop Ireland Suffers From the De-
preciation of Property, but fs
Yet Solvent.
CHICAGO, III., May 18. — A special
from St. Paul, Minn., says: The report
that Archbishop Ireland is financially em
barrassed is not true. All the property in
which he is interested belongs to the
Catholic church, and he merely acts as
trustee.
During the last three years real estate
values have depreciated greatly and this
has caused the Archbishop considerable
inconvenience, but he has never been
threatened with insolvency.
The principal piece of property which
the Archbishop, both personally end as
trustee of the church, is interested in is
what was known as "Reserve township."
The land lies at the outskirts of St. Paul.
Bishop Ireland, acting for the church, in
company with other capitalists, bought
the land, platted it, put it on the market
and has sold quite a number of lota from
it. They spent cons. derable in improving
the property and it was found necessary
during tbe panic of 1893 to mortgage it.
The Archbishop had at his commend
funds and influence to render the loss of
this real estate practically impossible.
Colonel Guest, a Defeated Candidate for
Brigadier-General, Wants Officers
Arrested.
P£S MOINES, Iowa, Mav 18.— As a re
sult of the contest for brigadier-general of
the first brigade, Iowa National Guard,
Colonel James A. Guest, who was defeated
at the last election, has filed charges
aeainst the following guard officers and
a*ked that they be put under arrest:
Colonel A. W. Swalm, Captain Clark. Lieu
tenant-Colonel J.C. Looper. Major W. H.
j S. Matthews, Major Frank Lyman, Cap
j tains Worthington and Devore and Lieu
tenants Baker, Groom and Blyth. These
officers, with others, are charged with con-
spiring to defeat Colonel Guest, with
wrongfully enlisting ra-n to increase the
number of votes for Prime, the successful
candidate, just prior to the election, and
with conduct unbecoming officers. No
action has been taken by the adjutant
general on the charges.
1 COLUMBUS, ,'.Obio; " May IS.— Edward
Kelton & Co., lmnber-dealers, assigned to
day to George L. Converse for the benefit
of their ; creditors. * The liabilities are rated
at $200,000; assets unknown. ' * ''-'
As She Appears in Traveling Costume. She Is to Be Crowned
Amid Pomx> and Pageantry at the Kremlin-
Pirtafi^TITE cents.
A. P. A. Delegates Renew
the Boycott on the Ohio
Statesman.
WANT TO DEFEAT HIM.
Action of the Advisory Board la
Declared to Be Binding
Upon Them.
SUPREME COUNCIL OVERRULED
Disreputable Blackmailing Methods
Usfd by the Lobbyists Vigor.
ously Denounced.
WASHINGTON, D. C, May 18.— The
A. P. A. Supreme Council closed its ses
sions to-day, but few delegates remaining
to the adjournment. The most important
action was that of discontinuing the ad
visory board, which was accomplished
after a long discussion, in which it was
specifically stated that the recent develop
ments in the McKinley boycott had noth
ing to do with the action, and was no re
flection upon Judge Stephens, the chair
man. The Supreme Council, composed of
the supreme officers of the organization,
replaces the advisory board, and this body
was by resolution directed to pass upon
the status of the Presidential candidates of
the Republican, Democratic, Populist and
other parties and report publicly on them.
Wasnington was adopted as the perma
nent quarters of the A. P. A., and Kansas
City selected as the next place of annual
meeting.
Four of the principal officers were
elected Saturday and the list was com
pleted to-day as follows: Supreme secre
tary, "VV. J. Palmer, Butte, Mont. ; supreme
treasurer, F. C. Campbell, Minneapolis;
supreme s«rgeant-at-arms, J. W. Ellis, In
dian Territory; supreme guard, "\V. B.
Howard, Omaha; supreme sentinel, T. 8.
Uenson, Columbus, Ohio.
The convention closed with a public
mass-meeting to-night, which was pre
sided over ty C >ngressinan Lir.to...
At a meeting of delegates to the Su
preme Council, representing twenty dif
ferent States, held this evening after the
council adjourned, the following preamble
and resolutions were adopted unani
mously :
\VuFr.EA.«, The Supreme Council of the A. P.
A. of the United States, at its session Saturday
evening, by a unanimous vote, adopted the
report of the National advisory hoard, which
report indorsed the action of the execut've
committee*of said board, and in plain lan
guage saia that the executive committee was
justified in publishing the political affiliation
of McKinley with the Roman political hier
archy, which affiliation is proven by the affl.
Uavits of reputable members of the order, and
which affidavits have never been controverted
except by the unsworn statement of Mcjor M(N
Kinley hims-;;, mil whereas. Major McKinley
did on May 14. 1*96, to a committee of the
National advisory board, in the city of Canton,
Ohio, state that he heartily approved the prin
ciples of the American Protective Association
and on the following day gave an interview to
the press denying that he had met such a com
mittee, thus giving the lie to the report of
the committee, which was composed of
honorable and truthful gentlemen ; and
whereas, the members of the Supreme
Council have during its session been hounded
and budgered by a large McKinley lobby,
composed of members and non-members of the
order, that used the most disreputable black
mailing methods to discredit the advisory
board and to turn the Supreme Council into a
Mi Kinky ratification meeting, and having
signally failed to clear McKinley in conse
quence of his pro- Papal political record, to-day,
after two-thirds of the delegates had started
for homo, KttMttpUd to take revenge by abol
ishing the National advisory board, and ac
complished the same by a vote of 3<» to -'■>.
/.'"■.'td. That we, the delegates in condem«
nation meeting assembled, denounce the un
warranted interforenco of the said McKinley
lobby with the affairs of the order, and de
nounce the cowardly denial by McKinley of
bis indorsement of the principles of the order
piven by him to our committee; and
Reto'.ved, That because of his record as re
ported by the National advisory board, wo2
herewith pledge ourselves, by our influence
and efforts, to accomplish his defeat.
Say Catholics Do JV'ot Use Politic* for
Self- Advancement,
WASHINGTON. D. C, May 18.—
Through Rev. Dr. Stafford of St. Patrick's
Church, this city, a prominent Republican
who held a foreign mission under Presi
dent Harrison, addressed several ques
tions to Cardinal Gibbons relative to the
recent denials of religious liberty and at
tacks of the A. P. A. on the Catholic citi
zens of the country. The Cardinal sent
the following reply:
Baltimore, Md., May 17, 1896.
.V.v Drar Sir: It is the duty of the leaders of
political parties to express themselTes without
any equivocation on the principles of religious
freedom which underlies our constitution.
Catholics are devoted to both great political
parties of the country and each individual
is left entirely to his own conscience. We are
proud to say that in the long history of the
Government of the United States the great
Catholic church has never used or perverted
i ts acknowledged power by seeking to make
politics subserve its own advancement.
Moreover, it is our proud boast that we have
never interfered with the civil and political
rights of any who differ from us in religion.
We demand the same rights for ourselves and
nothing more, and will be content with noth
ing less.
Not only is it the duty of all parties dis
tinctly to set their faces against the false and
un-American principles thrust forward of late,
but much as I would regret the entire identifi
cation of any religious body as such with any
political party, I am convinced that the num
bers of a religious body, whose rights, civil and
religious, are attacked, will naturally and
unanimously espouse the cause of the party
which has the courage openly to avow the
principles of civil and religious liberty ac
cordin? to the constitution. Patience is a
virtue. But it is not the only virtue. When
pushed too far it may degenerate into pusil
lanimity. Yours faithfully,
James Cardinal Gibbons.
Mr. Stanley Suys Speaker Seed Should
Xot Accept It.
NEW YORK, N. Y.. May 18.— A Herald
special from Augusta, Me., says: Joseph
II. Mauley reached his homo in this city
Saturday, direct from .Washington, in
answer to an inquiry as to whether Thomas
B. Reed would accept the Vice- Presidential
nomination on the ticket with "William
McKinley of Ohio, Mr. Manley.feaid:
"No effort has been made so far as I am
aware to induce Mr. Reed to take second
place on the Presidential ticket. No ne
cotiations have been opened with me in
reference to it, and certainly I have not
been persuaded to do anything. If my
■ opinion was asked it would be rigorously
against. accepting a place on the ticket for
two reasons: First, he ought to have the
lirst place, and I still believe the sober
second thought of the Republican dele
gates to St. Louis will so determine; sec
ondly, the position of the Speaker of the
House of Representatives is higher and a
more important position than Vice-Presi
dent, for the Speaker controls to a great
degree legislation."
Senator Mantel of Montana Speak* of
the J'reiidential Hue.
NEW YORK, N. Y., May 18.-Senator
Mantel, who heads ihe uninstructed Mon
tana delegation to St. Louis, predicts that
McKinley will be nominated. He also
believes that the prejudice against the free
coinage of silver at the ratio of 16 to 1
which is now so prevalent in the East will
disappear in a few years. Free silver dele
gates may bolt, he thinks, if a gold plat
form be adopted, and join the free silver
Democrats and 1'opulists.
"The Montana delegation will be for any
good silver man for President." said Sena
tor Mantel at the Brunswick yesterday.
'•We have a liking for Cameron of Penn
sylvania. Our delegation is absolutely un
instructed. A resolution of commendation
of my course was passed by the convention.
"As a silver man I do not think much of
the Ohio Eepublican platform. It is too
indefinite. McKinley is not regarded as a
silver man in the West. Still he is very
popular. "With this as ?.n issue he cannot
count on the West. We do not want a
gold-standard candidate, no matter what
the leaders may say. The rank and file
would not obey them. They are pretty
independent out West. They kno^v what
their interests are and they will not be
led. What our coarse will be I cannot say.
"Of the other silver States Colorado is
the most radical. There is not much
doubt that if ihe silver States can make
enough showing they will walk out of the
St. Louis convention if a gold platform is
adopted."
"Would the silver Republicans join the
Populists and silver Democrats in case of
aboJt?"
"That depends upon their candidate and
the platform. No doubt a statesman of
National reputation and experience and a
protectionist, like Senator Teller, would
carry the West on a free silver platform.
AVe do not want a man with Populist
whims. The Republicans of the West are
conservative.'"
"Do you think MoKinley should de
fine his position on the currency?" a^ked
the reporter.
"I would prefer it," said Mantel; "but
if I were in McKinley's place I think I
should follow my own policy, wait for the
adoption of the platform and then stp.nd
upon it."
HARTFOKD. Conn., May 18. — Ex-
Governor Bulkley, who beads Connecti
cut's delegation to the St. Louis conven
tion, said to-day that he believed that
when the State delegates were elected at
New Haven they stood seven for Mc-
Kinley to five for .Reed. He hoped, how
ever, to have all the delegates for McKin
ley before they reach St. Louis. Con
necticut, he said, would be the first
Northern State to vote at the rollcall, and
he felt confident that her twelve votes
would be cast for McKinlev.
BUFFALO, N. Y., May 18.— President
George E. Matthews of tlie New York
ytute McKinley Leacue made a signifi
cant statement this morning. It indicates
a purpose on the part of the McKinley
managers in the event of ilcKinley's nom
ination to take the campaign out of the
hands of the Republican State Committee
and put it in care of a special organization
for the purpose. Mr. Piatt's open and bit
ter hostility to McKinley is the reason for
this contemplated move.
MEMPHIS, Tm., May 18.— Despite
the overwhelming silver sentiment in
Mississippi and his district (the Third)
Congressman T. C. Catchings, a National
administration Democrat, was renom
inated at Greeymile to-day by acclama
tion. His triumph was due to his effective
work for levees.
WASHINGTON, D. C, May 18.— The
fortifications bill was reported to the Sen
ate this afternoon by I'erkins. The esti
mates for 1897 amounted to $8,015,165. The
House bill carried $5,845,837, to which the
Senate added $4,91*. 051, making the total
reported to tlie Senate $10,763,888. The ap
propriation for the current fiscal year is
only f 1,904,557.
Scenes of Devastation in
the Path of the Ter
rible Twister.
SLAIN BY THE TORNADO
Many Persons Meet Death in
the Ruins, While Others
Are Maimed.
VILLAGES WIPED OFF THE MAP
Never Before Hss Such Havoc Been
Caused in Nebraska and
Kansas.
KANSAS CITY, Mo., May 18.— The tor
nado which swept through Northeastern
Kansas and a portion of Southeastern Ne
braska yesterday afternoon and last night
caused at least eighteen deaths and the in
jury of a score of people, doing many thou
sands of dollars' worth of damage in vari
ous towns through which it passed and in
calculable damage in the intervening
country. Many who escaped instant death
are maimed for life, and in numerous in
stances tne injuries are expected to result
fatally. The storm covered a Jarge scope
of country, Seneca, Sabeiha, Oneida, Bern,
Frankfort, Reserve, Baireyvilie, Barnes,
Spring Valley and several other places be
ing in its path.
The wreckage was not confined to the
towns. In the country districts the loss
of life and destruction of property was
equally great. Ciiaos prevails throughout
the stricken district, and in the confusion
it is impossible to obtain a complete list of
the dead and injured at the various places.
The property loss cannot be estimated
with any degree of accuracy at this time.
There is no doubt, however, that the
storm is the most appalling disaster that
has been inflicted upon Northeastern
Kansas for years.
At Bigelow the west portion of the town
was wrecked and several people were hurt,
but no one was killed so far as Known.
At Frankfort sixty buildings were
destroyed and 200 people rendered home
less. No one was killed, but eight persons
were badly hurt. The property loss is
$100,000.
At Baileyville half of the town was laid
waste and a number of people injured, but
none were killed so far as can be learned at
present.
At Seneca four children were killed, the
opera-house, courthouse and principal
school were destroyed, many other build
ings wrecked or badly damaged, and ai
least twenty people more or less injured.
At Oneida three children were killed,
many people injured and several buildings
destroyed.
At Sabetha several stores and twenty res
idences were destroyed. Twenty-five peo
pJe were injured, one of whom has since
died, while six were killed in the vicinity.
At Reserve four people were killed and
two injured, while nearly every building
on the town site was wrecked or badly
damaged.
In all of the towns struck by the cyclone
buildings, such as were left standing, have
been hastily converted into morgues and
hospitals. The search for dead bodies
was commenced last night as soon as pos
sible alter the storm subsided. Men,
women and children with lanterns plowed
their way through the debris, here and
there following up a cry from some in
jured one. The dead were scattered pro
miscuously and it is not believed that all
of the bodies have been recovered. Fami
lies are scattered so badly that it is impos
sible to arrive at any accurate conclusion
as to how many people are missing. The
storm was accompanied by a heavy down
pour of rain, which continued for several
hours after the wind had ccaEed.
Many Killed and Injured and Hundreds
Mmlr Ho in ties n.
FALLS CITY, Nebe., May 18.— A cy
clone visited this bection about 9 o'cock
last nightand swept everything in its path,
killing a number of people and leaving
dozens seriously injured. It touched the
extreme southern portion of this place,
tearing down tne canning factory, unroof
ing both the Missouri Pacific and Burling
ton depots and turned over thirty freight
cars, in one of which was a tramp, who
was seriously hurt.
Hinton's park, which was one of the
most'picturesque spots in thecountry.is to
day but a mass of uprooted and broken
trees, while not a single building is left
standing. Hahn'e brewery, whicn was lo
cated across the Nemaha River from the
park, is a total wreck. William Hinton's
house was torn to atoms and both Mr. and
Mrs. Hinton were badly hurt, The house
of L. Knickerbocker, near the park en
trance, is all b ut ruined.
Hail fell as large as hen's eggp, doing
great damage to property and breaking
nearly every window in the city, the
storm coming from the northwest.
The cylone seems to have followed the
river for the distance of a mile and then
took a southerly course. Between this
city and the Kansas line, a distance of four
miles, there were eight houses blown
down. Those known to be dead are: Mrs.
Dan Saylor, Miss Schock, an eight-year
old boy named ilolct, ana Mrs. William
Brannin. Mr. and Mrs. Rhodes are among
the injured and cannot recover.
A force of two hundred citizens spent
the afternoon at the park with the unfor
tunate ones reviewing what was left by the
cyclones. The Nemeha River is now bank
full and will flood the bottom lands.
Reserve, a town of 300 people, seven
miles southeast of here, was literally wiped
off the earth. But three buildings are
standing and they were moved from their
foundations. Four people were killed and
twenty wounded, twelve severely. The
schoolhouse, one of the more fortunate
builaings, has been convened into a hos
pital and the injured are being cared for
by physicians from surrounding towns.
Tue dead are: — Tehune, head crushed;
Mrs. Rydner; nine-year-old daughter of
Mr. Phillips; Ralph Sweeny.
The injured are: Rev. Mr. Parker, wife
and daughter, internal injuries, will re
cover; Mrs. Tehune, bacK broken, willdie;
her daughter, badly crushed ana otherwise
injured, will recover; Mr. Rydner, skull
crushed, will die; baby Rydner, legs
broken, will die; George Sweeny, cut about
the head; man named Jones, jaw broken;
William Wilson, internal injuries, will
recover; George and Frank Phillips, hurt
about the head.
Ic is impossible to cive an estimate of
the damage done in the vicinity of Falis
City. Reports come in every hour which
aid to tho number of farmhouses and
buildings destroyed. The growing crop
was pounded into the earth and Till have
to be replanted. The damage to fruit
trees is very heavy.
PAWNEE CITY, Nebr., May 18.— A
cyclone passed from west to east through
the southern part of this county last even
ing, destroying several houses. The resi
dence of William Burg was demolished
and the barn of Arnold Parli and Mount
Zion Church were wrecked, together with
the United Brethren parsonage and a half
dozen or more other buildings. No lives
were lost. Ihe cyclone took out the side
of one house, exposing the furniture, but
destroying nothing else. At Mr. Burg's the
family nad escaped to the cellar with the
exception of Mr. Burg himself, who was
caught and dropped into the cellar after
the house had vanished.
ROCK ISLAND, III., May 18.— Word
reached here to-day that a cyclone struck
the mining villaee of Sherrard, near here,
Saturday night, Killing Morris Evans and
destroying the Congregational church and
several residences.
DETROIT, Mien.. May 18.— Reports
from many sections of this State show that
the windstorm which swept over the State
yesterday did much damage, especially to
fruit trees. In Shiawassee County it is es
timated that half ol the iruit crop was de
stroyed. Shade trees suffered severely
and in some instances buildings were un
roofed. Only one person was injured so
far as learned.
Signer Cavolotti Creates a Lively
Scene in the Chamber of
Deputies.
Premier Di Ruiini Heads Off Debate
and Causes an Indefinite
Postponement.
ROME, Italy, May 18.— In the Chamber
of Deputies to-day Signor Cavolotti de
manded that the papers bearing upon his
impeachment of Signor Crispi, late Prime
Minister, for the recent disasters in the
campaign in Abyssinia, be tabled.
Signor Costa, Minister of Justice, de
posited on the table of the Chamber the
Judge's decree ruling non-lieu in the mat
ter of some of the charges and incom
petency as to others.
Signor Costa said that the documents
relating to the decree ought to remain
secret, and expressed the desire of the
Government to terminate recrimination
concerning the past.
A scene of excitement ensued. Sipnor
Cavolotti justified the conduct of the Rad
icals in the matter and insisted that the
date be fixed for debate on his motion.
He demanded also that the same pro
cedure be observed in this case as was
pursued by the Crispl Government in re
gard to Signor Giolitti, formerly 1'remier
and Minister of the Interior.
The Chamber refused Signor Cavolotti'3
demands and adopted a motion offered by
Premier di Iludini proposing to postpone
the discussion indefinitely, at least that it
should not be taken up until after the dis
cussion of the budget.
One Season Given for the Great Speed of
the Oregon*
NEW YORK, N. Y., May 13.— A Herald
special from Washington says : It was said
yesterday by a nigh officer of the Navy De
partment that no orders have been issued
or contemplated directing the return to
the United States of the vessels composing
the European squadron, commanded by
Admiral Selfridge. The Nhvv Department
finds that it will be impossible to put the
battle-ship Texas in commission before
July 1. The delay is traced to the lack of
funds for repair work. The Massachusetts
may also be delayed two weeks.
Captain H. L. Howison will be ordered
to command the Oregon as soon as toe de
partment receives the oilicial report of the
board of inspection and survey which
conducted her recent trial. Lieutenant-
Commander Jack will be the Oregon's
navigating officer and Lieutenant Hughes
her executive officer.
It is said thai the Oregon's superiority
in point of speed over her sister snips, the
Indiana and Massachusetts, was due to
the difference in their screws. The con
tractors are allowed to ht up on the ves
sels whatever kind of screws they please,
provided the designs are satisfactory to
the department. As originally proposed,
the battle-ships were to have screws with
four blades. The Cramps placed thiee
blades on the battle-ships they built. The
Union Iron "Works carried out the original
design. An expert said he had no doubt
that the four-bladed screws were the cause
| of the Oregon's records.
lnstrurtinna to Intpcctor* to Prevent
Cruelty to Cattle.
WASHINGTON, D. C, May 18.— The
Department of Agriculture has issued the
following general order for inspectors:
"It is the desire of this department that
the influence of all employes should be
used as far as warranted by the laws for
the purpose of securing the humane treat
ment of animals in transportation and in
the stockyards. Depriving animal- of
food and drink lor unusual periods, beat
ing and worrying them are practices cal
culated to make the animals feverish and
their meat unwholesome, and should be
discountenanced and prevented. You will
therefore give such instructions to your
subordinates as will insure careful treat
ment of animals which they may be called
upon to handle, and as will also lead them
to use tneir influence for the same end
with all other persons with whom they
come in contact.
"You will ple&3e make an investigation
of the manner in which animals are trans
ported and handled by the railroad com
panies and stockyards which come under
your observation, and make such suRces
tions as may occur to you with a view to
improve the service and protecting animals
from undue suffering or cruelty. Injured
animals which are evidently suffering
severe pain should be promptly reported
to the humane societies unless the owner
of the stockyard company properly cares
for them within a reasonable time."
WASHINGTON, D. C, May 18.— The
Secretary of tue Interior has appointed
the following appraisers of abandoned
military reservations: Forts Goodwin and
Thomas, Ariz., D. H. Ming and J. S. Fitz
gerald; Fort Towell and Camp Grant,
Ariz., Henry Levin and Douglas Snyder;
Fort McDowell, Ariz., T. L. Kay and L.
W. CoRgins; Camp Crittenden, Arjz.,
Henry Levin and W. J. Powers.
Jam-s Blaioe of Oonalaska. Alaska, has
been appointed trustee for the townsite
entries of Sandsin, Oonalaska.
"WASHINGTON, D. C, May 18.— The
House Committee on Banking and Cur
rency met to-day and adjourned until De
cember next. During this session a num
ber of measures looking to a change in
the banking and currency laws were con
sidered, but no agreement was reached.
Decisions by the Supreme
Court in Complicated
Cases.
HETTY GREEN A WINNER
Her Title to a Large Tract of
Chicago Land Not Im
paired.
JUSTICE GEAY IS SARCASTIC.
Expresses an Opinin as to the At
tempts of Corporat ons to
Do%e Thiir Ti-xes.
WASHINGTON, D. C, May 18.— In the
Supreme Court to-day the following cases,
among others, were disposed of:
John Evans Cornell vs. Hetty H. R.
Green et al. This case involved Mrs-
Green's title to a large tract of land in
Chicago, said to be valued at $5,000,000, ob
tained by sale under foreclosure proceed
ings, and the bill was dismissed in the
Federal Court there by Judge Blodgett.
Justice Gray said the case presented no
Federal question, and Cornell's appeal
was dismissed for want of jurisdiction.
The steamer Coquitlam, etc., vs. the
United States. In this case Justice Har
lan held that the Court of Appeals has
jurisdiction to review the final judgments
of the Supreme Court of Alaska.
Alfred F. Webster vs. Milo J. Luther, et
al. This case involved the question
whether or not a homesteader under the
law of 1862, who had made an additional
entry of land under subsequent law, could
dispose of that additional entry as of other
property. The court said, in an opinion
read by Justice Harlan, that it was the
intention of Congress to give the additional
land outright to the homesteader for him
to dispose of as he pleased.
The Salina Stock Company et al. vs. tbe
Salina Creek Irrigation Company. This
was a controversy between these two cor
porations over the right to use the waters
of Yogo and Neoche creeks, Utah, the
former appealing from a judgment of the
Supreme Court of the Territory in respect
thereto. Justice Shiras stated that there
was nothing in the record for the Supreme
Court to review, and the judgment of the
Territorial Court was confirmed.
Bob Talton vs. Wash Moyes, High
Sheriff of the Cherokee Nation. Talton
was convicted of murder by the Indian
Court and sentenced to death. He applied
to Judge Parker of the United States
Court for the Western District of Arkansas
for reiease on a writ of habeas corpus on
the ground that the proceedings in his
case were irregular. Judge Parser de
clined to isFue the writ, and the Supreme
Court affirmed his decision.
The Illinois Central Railroad Company
was triumphant in the Supremo Court to
day in a rather singular litigation with the
State of Illinois. There is a State law
which requires every railway passenger
train to stop at county seats within the
State. The railroad company operates a
line of road from Chicago to Xew Orleans,
which passes Cairo at a point three and a
half miles d'stant from the station in that
city. Proceedinps were begun in relation
of the State to compel the railroad com
pany to run the fast mail train into the
city under the provisions of the county
seat law, and the Supreme Court of the
State decided that it must do so. The
company appealed to the Supreme Court
and the judgment was reversed.
In announcing the judgment and opin
ion of the court upon the case of the West
ern Union Telegraph Company vs. Thomas
Taegert, Auditor of Marion County, In
diana, et al., Justice Gray waxed some
what sarcastic. Tue matter at issue was
the validity of the Indian tax law of 1891,
relating to corporations, which had been
sustained in the State courts, from whose
judgment the telegraph company ap
pealed. Justice Gray said this was one of
the cases which annually came before the
court, brought by some corporation which
felt itself constitutionally aggrieved. The
court, he said, was asked in the appeal to
modify or overrule decisions in substan
tially similar cases relating to the tax laws
of States brought to the Supreme Court of
the United States, som*» of them by the
same corporation. Without going into
the reasons for the action of the court, he
said the judgment of the Indiana Supreme
Court would be affirmed.
Commissioner* Cannot Act Except in
Accordance With l.mr,
WASHINGTON, D. C, May 18.— The
fourth section of the Chinese exclusion
act of 1892 was construed by the Supreme
Court to-day, the opinion being read by
Justice Shiraa. The question involved
was whether or not a Chinese person, ad
judged not entitled to be within* the limits
of the United States, may be sentenced to
imprisonment for a year at hard labor
and at the expiration of that limit de
ported by a United States Commissioner,
or whether it must be done in accordance
with law.
Wing Wang and other Chinese ar:ested
in Michigan under the law were thns sen
tenced by the United States Commissioner,
before whom they were examined, and
they appealed to the Federal Court lor the
Eastern District of Michigan for release on
writs of habeas corpus. That court re
fused to release them and they came to
the Supreme Court.
Justice Shiras said they could not be
disposed of in that manner and the judg
ment of the Circuit Court was reversed
without prejudice to the right to hold and
deport the appellants in accordance with
the law.
trill Hot' Get All the Fens Claimed in
Chinese Cases.
WASHINGTON, D. C, May 18.—Con
gressman Hilborn has lost his suit against
the United States regarding his fees as
District Attorney for Ca lifornia. The fees
in question were those claimed by him in
habeas corpus cases growing out of the
Chinese exclusion act.
He contended that while he was entitled
to charge for the services lie was not com
pelled to inclu-'.e them ia his account witn
the Government upon which his maximum
allowance was based. The entire amount
involved was about $7000, but inasmuch as
outside of them be bad earned nearly the
maximum allowed him by law the Court
of Claims gave him judgment for $585, the
deficiency from the full amount to which
he could be entitled.
From this judgment he appealed to the
Supreme Court of the United States. In
disposing of the case Justice Brown said
the court could not accept Mr. Hilborn's
contention. If the services were so far
official as to warrant him in charging for
them they were far enough official to re
quire him to include them in his account.
The judgment of the Court of Claims
was affirmed.
Decision of the Supreme Court in a Cele
brated Patent Cane.
WASHINGTON, D. C, May 18.-The
long pending cases of the Singer Manufac
turing Company vs. the June Manufac
turing Company and Burt were decided in
the Supreme Court of the United States
to-day. The result was a practical victory
for the Singer Company, but one of the
leading contentions of the company's
counsel was overthrown by the decision,
which was announced by Justice-White.
He stated that where, under the life of a
patent, a name became the generic desig
nation of the thing made, at the end of the
life of the patent tho name with the article
patentea became the property of the pub
lic and its use could not be restrained by
injunction. The court further held, how
ever, that the right did not exist to use
the name indiscriminately or without
qualification, so that the public would be
deceived by its use into the belief that
the thing manufactured was different
from what it really was. or that it was
made by a corporation other :han the real
maker. In these cases the name and
initial design used by the Singer Com
pany, both being involved, were not
so qualified, and the judgment of
the Circuit Court of the Northern Dis
trict of Illinois in favor of the June Com
pany and Burt was reversed with decision
to modify the decree in accordance with
the opinion of the Supreme Court of the
United States.
But the Spanish Colonel Reported
the Usual Slaughter of
Insurgents.
Heavy Losses by the Regular Troops
Concealed by False State
ments-
HAVANA, Cuba, May IS. — News has
been received from the Province of Santi
ago de Cuba that Colonel Tjeda has had a
fierce engagement at Palmarito with the
rebels commanded by Cebrico. The in
surgents occupied a strongly fortified posi
tion but were dislodged by the troops, tvno
numbered 1500.
When the troops were returning to Pal
marito the rear guard was repeatedly at
tacked b\ r the rebels. They were repulsed
with a loss of seventeen dead and many
wounded. The troops lost four dead and
two officers and two soldiers wounded.
Unofficial advices show that Colonel
Tjeda's report is incorrect and that the
rebels forced the troops to retreat. The ;
Government loss is said to have been i
much heavier than stated in the official
report.
WASHINGTON, D. C. May 18.— The
Supreme Court of the United States had
an extra session to-day for the purpose of
hearine arguments in the matter of the
Horsa Cuban expedition, the case growing I
out of the conviction of J. H. S. Wiberg, J.
P. Petersen and Hans Johnson, citizens of
Denmark, by the District Court of the I
United States of the Eastern District of i
Pennsylvania for violating the neutrality
laws. They appealed to tte Supreme
Court.
Attorney-General Harmon moved to ad
vance the case for hearing at this term, as
the call of the docket for the term closed
the 8th inst. The granting of the motion
necessitated the session to-day.
After the court had concluded the an
nouncement of opinions but two hours of
tlte day's session remained, and it was
then agreed by W. Hallet Phillips, for the
appellants, and Solicitor-General Conrad
for the Government, to abandon oral argu
ment and submit the case on the printed
briefy.
This was agreeable to the court and it
adjourned until Monday next, when a
decision mav be expected.
NEW YORK, N. Y., May 18.— District
Attorney Fellows to-day received a dis
patch from the State Department at Wash
ington stating that a cablegram had been
received from United States Consul-Gen
eral Williams at Havana saying that the
Spanish authorities there had refused to
surrender to this Government Mariel Mar
tin, al as Manuel Gonzales Mendoza, who
was wanted in this city for swindling
August Belmont & Co. out of $24,00*3 by a
forged draft, Whether the Spanish author
ities were moved to their decision by the
sympathy the American people have
shown for the Cuban patriots is a matter
of conjecture.
Lady Douglas Will Not Heed Her Lord's
Command to Come to Him in
Arizona.
CHICAGO, III., May 19.— A morning
paper says: Lord Sholto Douglas, from
his home in Arizona, has called upon his !
wife, formerly Loretta Mooney, to quit the
vaudeville stage and return to him, but the
light-footed songstress ha9 declined. In
an interview last night she said :
"Oh, yes, Lord Sholto wants me to leave
the stage ana go back to Arizona, but I j
don't see it that way just now. I'm going ;
to New York next "week to till an engage
ment with Tony Pastor, and when I have
seen what there is to see in New York we'll
talk about Arizona.
"I've never been East before and they
say New York is quite a town. After that,
of course, I expect to go to Arizona ana
leave the stage. When? Oh! I don't
know, may be in four weeks — may be in
fifty week's. Tbis is a pretty good thing
you know.
"Here's a letter from Lord Sholto I just
received to-day. He wants to know why I '
don't answer his letters and telegrams— j
lie has sent me two this week. 01 course
I answered them, but then, you know, let
ters and telegrams so often go astray.
Poor fellow, I suppose he is worrying.
"Have we quarrelfd? Well, perhaps, I
hadn't better say anvthing about that.
Boom of these days I'll go back and be u
good little wife, but not until I've seen
New York."
WASHINGTON, D. C, May 18.— The
Senate to-day confirmed the following
nominations: William Lochren of Min
nesota to b« United R'ates District j
Judge for the district of Minne-ota, vice
R. R. Nelson, resigned; Robert Lee Jen
kins of North Carolina, United States
Consul at Patras, Greece; Robert Kansom
of North Carolina to be Second Secretary
of tbe Legation to Mexico.
WASHINGTON, D. C, May 18.— The
conferees on the river and harbor bill ex
pect to reach a final conclusion to-morrow.
Proposed Investigation of
an Election Is Put
Over.
IT MEETS WEAK SUPPORT
Two Populists and Four Repub
licans Voted in the
Aifirmative.
NOT PEOPEELY IN THE SENATE
Adoption of the Committee Report to
Regulat G..s Rates in the Dis-
trict of Columb a.
WASHINGTON, D. C, May 19. -The
resolution for the appointment of a select
committee to investigate last year's elec
tion in the State of Alabama anci to report
whether a republican form of government
exists in that State came up to-day in the
Senate, Allen of Nebraska niakirfg a mo
tion that tte Senate proceed to its consid
eration. There were only six votes in favor
of the motion— two from Populists, Allen
and Peffer, and four from Republican Sen
ators, Chandler, Frye, Gallinger and Mor
rill. The votes against it numbered forty
one.
Allen saw in the result of the vote a
proof of the insincerity of Republican
Senators, but Sherman of Ohio justified
himself and his Republican colleagues on
the ground that the question was one to
come before the Senate at the next session,
not at this; and that as to the general
election in Alabama, whether fraudulent
or not, the Senate had no right to inquire
into it unless it affects the election of a
Senator.
Chandler of New Hampshire, who voted
for the motion, said that under other cir
cumstances, when there was no appro
priation directly before the Senate, the
resolution would receive the support of a
large number, if not all the Senators on
the Republican side.
The House bill to regulate the price of
jras in the District of Columbia was dis
cussed in the Senate to-day for several
hours, the question being whether the
House bill (fixing the price at $1 per 1000
feet) or the Senate District Committee
amendment (making the reduction a
graduated one from $1 15 down) should be
agreed to.
The committee amendment prevailed—
31 to 14— and the bill as amended was
passed.
The Senate at 6:10 o'clock adjourned
until to-morrow.
Thirty- Five Pension Jtilla Passed, in
Very Short Order.
WASHINGTON, D. C, May 18.-While
this was suspension day in the House, the
greater .art of the session was expended
in the passage of thirty-five pension bills,
reported from Friday night's session, ana
to passing bills under unanimous consent,
including the following: incorporating
the Society of Colonial Dames, authoriz
ing the loan or donation of condemned
cannon to Grand Army posts, establishing
Pueblo, Durango and Leadville as customs
ports of delivery, to compel the attend
ance of witnesses before local land offices.
Under suspension of the rules bills were
passed to expedite the delivery of im
ported merchandise by allowing the ap
praisement on the wharf and delivery to
an express company or other bonded car
rier of packages valued at not over $500,
and not over 100 pounds in weight, im
ported in American vessels; to allow the
bottling of spirits in bonded warehouse; to
provide for the registration by the Patent
Office of trademarks on bottles, barrels and
other receptacles used in interstate and
foreign commerce.
The House at 5:10 o'clock adjourned un
til to-morrow.Flames Sweep the Business
Center of the National
Capital.
THREE FIREMEN PERISH
Brave Men Caught in a Falling
Structure and Receive
Fatal Injuries.
OTHER BODIES IN THE RUINS.
The Total Property Loss Will Exceed
Two Hundred Thousand
Dollars.
WASHINGTON, D. C, May 18.— Fire
■wept away a whole block of commercial
buildings opposite the Smithsonian Insti
tution soon after 8 o'clock this evening. The
livvs of at least three firemen were crushed
out by (ailing waJis. The loss will exceed
The buildings covering the block
adjoining the Center Market constitute
ally the entire commission and
wholesale produce business of Washing
ton, ana while not of great value theircon
xeifis burned bo fiercely that a great por
tion of the residents from all portions of
the city were attracted to the scene of the
conflagration.
From 7 to 8 o'clock the District was
. by one of the 'most terrific thunder
storms in years and it is thought light
ning, traveling on telegraph wires entered
a postal sub-station and started the flames,
b rapidly spread through the highly
inflammable materials in the stores front
ing on Louisiana avenue, Ninth, Tenth
an 1 D streets.
In a few minutes, under a general-alarm
order, the entire Fire Department com
menced its efforts to check the fire's
spread, bat exploding barrels of kerosene
and gasoline drove the liremen off and led
thein to direct their energies to prevent
ing the flames from crossing the streets to
the neighboring squares. While the fire
men of No. 8 engine were working a hose
through one of the old buildings the roof
.:i.out warning, burying them in the
ruins. Alarming reports at once spread
that a dczen nien were killed. The
wrecked building began at once burning
furiously and any attempt at rescue was
beyond question. Not until an hour later
had the flames sufficiently subsided at
this point for the firemen to begin clear
ing away the debris.
Then three men — Joe Mulhall, Don
aldson and Kennedy — still aiive, but
sci .-rcbed and crushr-d beyond all hope of
recovery, were taken oat and removed to
the Providence HospitaJ.
At midnight tne firemen came upon
another body. Others are still believed to
be in tbe ruins, and are being searched for.
The Duild.ngs on the D street Bide, which
■were entirely aestroyed, were occupied by:
.rd Adams, commission merchant;
r Wade, dealer in butter and epgs;
Frederick Fisher, J. A. Davis & Son, W. S.
Ancierson (two stores), Brown Bros., W. O.
Shreves, Mathewson & Co. and William
ijemm«. Jewett Crowley, who keeps a
restaurant midway of the block, lost
Thing, and barely rescued his family
alive.
Later information is to the effect that
Firemen Giles and Griffin are dead and
that Firemen Mulhall. McElroy, Kepder
and Kennedy are dangerously and per
haps fatally injured. Four others are
known to be in the ruins and several oth
1.5 are missing and seared is being con
tinued late into the night for them.
This fire is one of the worst calamities
that have ever visited Washington and is
the only one of its kind since the notori
ous Knox fire of about two years ago. The
buildings that were burned were compara
tively of small value, though quite a
whole block of them were swept out of
existence.
The full extent of the calamities that at
ed the conflagration was not known
:.ntii a late hour and the neighborhood
surrounding the scene was thronged up to
a long time after midnight by excited and
= vrr.pathizing groups of citizens, many ot
wh'..m were friends and neighbors of the
unfortunate men burned.
The Benzinger auction-house for horses
and equipages was also destroyed. It i?
not possible to pet an accurate list of the
individual losses to-night.
KW* HAttBOR, N. J., May 18.-An
other damaging brush fire spread through
Galloway Township to-day, a high wind
greatly aided the spread of the fite. The
lire spread fully bix miles, destroying a
number of houses and outbuildings, to
gether with orchards and gardens. The
damcge to the huckleberrv crop and tim
1-r aggregates a iarge figure. The Hop.
t'ns Louse, a summer hotel, was destroyed.
3 he fire will render many families home^
less.
Ll>>, Maps., May 18.— The residence
Portion of the town of Nahant was thiB
afternoon the scene of a fire which de
stroyed five valuable summer resorts,
causing a property loss approximating
Jl'iO.OOO. Among those destroyed was the
• Jovr cottage, where the" poet spent
i).- summers for many s r ears and wnere
'■Jiells of Lvnn" was written.
FIOUX FALLS, Iowa, May 18.— The
Merchants' H^tel was bnrned almost to
the groiind early this morning, and the
flames «] read so suddenly that the occu
pant? fin the third floor barely escaped in
their nightciu:hes. The guests lost almost
everything. The loss is $20,000.
NORTH READING, Maks., May 18.—
A brash fire whitu started near Mania's
fond this morning spread to the village
Bkd destroyed seven houses, two barns, a
[rrije mill and over twenty-five outbuild
ings. The loss is over $25,OO0.
Uae of the Weed frill _V«e lie Tolerated
Among the Protestant Methodist*. '
KANSAS CITY. Mo.. May 18— At ' the
morning session of the Methodist Protes
tant Conference to-day a resolution was
adopted providing for the publication in
the church, weeklies each week extracts
from the catechism. There was a general
discussion of a proposition to revise the
catechism in a more .popular form, the
complaint bem? made that the present
form did not meet the needs of tha masses.
The conference decided to make such re
vision, and entrusted the work to a com
mittee of five, to report at the next con
ference.
Rev. John Scott of Allegheny City, Pa.,
was chosen chairman of the "committee.
The conference unanimously adopted reso
lutions ahhomnK tbe use o'f tobacco and
prohibiting lay and clerical members of
the church using tobacco or intoxicants.
CHICAGO, III., May 18.— The cases of
John \V. Rinehart, ex-president, and John
A. Hanley, ex-trattic manager of the Santa
i e Railroad Company, came up before
Judge Grosscup to-day for alleged viola
tion of the interstate commerce law and
were postponed until Thursday next. The
ex-omcials are accused of having granted
rebatesjto certain favored patrons of the
road iu 1892. The postponement was had
at the request of the prosecution.
CHICAGO, III., May 18.— The Pecos
Valley Company, which owns large tracts
of land in that valley and operates a rail
road from Pecos to the Texas Pacific road,
on the Pecos River, has decided to extend
its line 200 miles south, so as to connect
with the Santa Fe at Washburn, on the
Panhandle branch. A favorable traffic
arrangement has been made with the
Santa Fe officials, who believe the new
line will prove a valuable feeder to their
system.
NEW YORK, N. Y., May 18. — The
Sheriff has received an attachment for
$20,000 against Frank W. Zeaxer, James
Crepan and Charles Becker, the men ar
rested last week charged with raising
checks on the Nevada Bank o! San
Francisco and the Crocker-Woolworth
.National Bank. A lispcndens was filed
against real estate in this city which is
said to be owned by Cregan.
— ♦
"Airy, Fairy" Lillian Russell Thrown and
Injured While Riding Her
Golden Wheel,
NEW YORK, N. Y., May 18.-Lilh*n
Rnssell, while riding her golden wheel
near Central Park to-day, coliided with an
unknown cyclist and was thrown to the
pavement.
Her costly wheel was smashed and her
ankle was hurt. Riders in the vicinity of
the place when the accident occurred wit
nessed a blur of bicycle fragments, hosiery
and fluttering lace. Then they rushed to
the sineer's assistance.
Mis? Russell had gone for her usual ride
in Central Park. She wore a tan bicycle
suit that fitted as if she had been melted
and run into it, and the gold lace with
which it was trimmed was just sufficient
in quantity to suggest the pomp and cir
cumstance of the stage.
A scorcher and an ice-wagon were com
ing up Manhattan avenue at a pace that
should have cailed for poiice interference.
Miss Russell saw the ice-wagon, but she
could not see the bicycle. As he neared
her he shouted to her, and in turning out
she ran in front of the ice-wagon.
The driver stopped, but the scorcher was
coming at a hot pace and there was a
collision.
She sang in "The Little Duke" to-night
and during the performance her ankle
weakened twice, ai?d she fell fiat on the
stace. The injury, however, is not serious.
I West Virginia Families Retreat From the
Pathway of the Forest
Fires.
PARKERSBURG, W. Va., May 18.—
Forest fires in the vicinity of Davis have
I been raging more than fifty hour;, and
• now more furiously than ever, despite the
j efforts of hundreds of men to subdue
I them. The losses to lumber in this sec
! tion exceed $500,000.
The middle forest tract is completely
wiped out, and indications are that the en
' tire country, including towns and villages,
| will be destroyed unless rain prevents.
Families are fleeing from their mountain
h omes, and the air is stifling with smoke
i and heat. Host of the burned tract is the
property of Mattie & McClure of Pitts
burg.
•
It Eclipsed the Butchery at Sassoun and
Was Planned by Turkish
Officials.
LONDON, Eyo., May 17.— Lengthy and
sensational details of the ma«Bacre"of Ar
menians at Oorfa. represent it as entirely
eclipsing the butchery at Sassoun. It is
estimated that 8000 person? were killed at
Oorfa, of which number nearly 3000 per
i«hfd while Beeking refuge in the cathe
! dral, whicn was set on fire by the Turks.
! It appears that the affair was deliberately
I planned and was effected with the con
i nivance of officials, who were acting under
! orders from Constantinople.
Annual Session of the Supreme
Circle of Companions
Begins.
Freedom of the Town Extended to the
Visitors at an Evening
Reception.
T'KIAH, Cal., May Beyond the
work preliminary to the actual business of
the annual session the Supreme Circle,
j Companions of the Forest, did little to
. day. The meeting was brief and the dele
; gates spent the day in becoming ac
. quainted and in viewing the sights of
j Ukiah and vicinity.
From the report of the committee on
{ credentials it appears that delegates from
eighty circles are entitled to seats in the
convention. The reports of the supreme
officers were received and adopted, as
was also the report of the committee on
laws and supervision. In her address
Mrs. M. Asher, grand supreme companion,
] stated that during the past year twelve
new circles had been instituted and the
order was at present in a flourishing con
dition. The following committees were
| to-day appointed by the chair:
| «SS£ffi&£ J. ">**' Mesdames Thorn
dyke and Phelps. ■ ■ . ■„•• ,
! Laws and supervision— R. X. McLenn&n
j MeMlames A M. Phillips and Balabaaofl. ■ '
- Finance— Mesdames K. M. Flynn, Upham and
Leibert.
Mileage and per diem-Mrs. A. Sevens,
Misses Beet and Lagamarsino.
State of order-George J. Berger, Mesdames
Manoon and J. Falconer.
Distribution— Corwln, Miller and
Lane. ■ . : • >•■■ , , ; :■
Place and time of meeting— Mesdames Fox
Perry and Clow. •. - '
Written and ' unwritten, work— Mesdames
Halpruncr, Reed and Sanberger
Press— Mesdames Kleuss, Corvalli and Ste
vens.
A reception was tendered the visitors at
I the opera-house this evening, and the free
dom of the town was extended to them by
Dr. E. G. Case, hi h chief ranger of the
Ancient Order of Foresters. The response
on behalf of the visitors was made by Mrs.
K. M. Flynn, past supreme chief com pan
: ion. The convention will remain in ses
| sion about three days..
Mrs. Lee's Cooing Letters
to Ex-Mayor Gregory-
Read in Court.
CALLED HIM HER "GENE"
She Knew His Situation and
Would Go Through Fire to
Help Him.
■ HERE'S THE WOMAN I WANT."
Thus, She Declares, the Recluse Re
marked When She Questioned
His Faith.
SACRAMENTO, Cal.. May 18.— The
correspondence of Mrs. Adelaide T. Lee of
Red Bluff to ex-Mayor Eugene J. Gregory
of Sacramento, whom she is suing to re
cover money Joaned just prior to the col
lapse of the firm of Gregory, Borchers &
Co., tell as delightful a tale of love as
Chimmy Fadden related of Miss Fannie
and her husband, though "not in justdem
words." The public was to-day given
but one euci of the correspondence, when
Mrs. Lee's affectionate epistles to her late
friend were read in court; but it needs not
the cooing billet-deux of the ex-Mayor to
complete the romance.
Mrs. Lee was on the stand all day. On
direct examination she stated that Greg
ory had made her a number of visits, one
while at the Grand Hotel in San Fran
cisco. On this occasion she told Gregory
she had perfect confidence in him and his
firm. Gregory then told her the firm
could use $40,000. She stated she bad not
that much. Gregory then left hurriedly.
Tne District Attorney asked if Gregory
had informed her that the firm was insol
vent. The question called forth the ob
jection that it was leading. The District
Attorney, speaking on the objection, stated
that the witness was unused to court pro
cedure. She had been deprived of her last
oent and wished vindication. Bruner in
sisted on his objection, saving:
"This is not in the natureof vindication.
We know she has lost her money, and al
thouch the defendant is in insolvency pro
ceedings, he has made arrangements to
have her money secured. She is not sats
lied, but is still persecuting him."
The objection was sustained in a degree,
the prosecution beine allowed to ask ques
tions relative to witness' belief as to tbe
firm's insolvency.
Upon cross-examination Mrs. Lee stated
tbat she was over 40 years of ape. She
had met Gregory in Sacramento, in com
pany with Senator Buck. She talked
with him only a few minutes. When she
returned to Red Biuff she wrote to iiim a
letter, wnich was read in court. It stated
that Gregory had been in the mind of the
writer since their meeting and he did not
seem like a stranger. She had many
warm and influential friends, but thought
she could not do belter than trust in him.
She had several thousand dollars and
wished advice as to how to invest it.
Several other letters were read, one of
whicb was written just after Gregory's
visit to Red Bluff. This letter said:
"1 am in trouble. I am afraid I may
lose your friendship, for I somehow feel
that you was sorry yon came. This is a
town of gossips, and I have been assailed
on every side about your visit. I must
submit to the inevitable. I suppose I am
to be denied even business letters from
you."
Another letter said : "Wa? I not led to
write to you, and don't you think that the
words, 'Gene, come,' came naturally into
your mind ? Did you not know I called ?"
In answer to a question Mrs. Lee stated
that she supposed sne meant that the
spirit had moved her to write her first let
ter. In another letter she asked Gregory
to eend her some white flowers from Sac
ramento. Continuing, the letter said:
"You, a true knight, know what tney
mean."
In another letter Mrs. Lee said she had
again taken up her genial, jovial ways,
and admitted that she had expected to go
East when Mr. Gregory went to Chicago.
When questioned as to whether Gregory
had ever asked her to be his wife, she said
he led her to believe he wanted her for his
wife. This was at Oak Park, near this
city, in July, 1S93. At the time he told
his love she asked him if be meant it. She
had not been thinking of his loving her at
that time.
Mrs. Lee said that while they were at
Oak Park. Gregory placed his hand upon
her and told her that he had been a re
cluse, but he wished to marry, "and
here," said he, "is the woman I want."
In another letter Mrs. Lee expressed her
self a9 very solicitous as to Gregory's
health and urged him to return to Califor
nia. Then there was apolitical letter, and
when this was read the Prosecuting Attor
ney, J. Charles Jones, filed a decided pro
test to the introduction of such subjects
as they had no relevancy. It was ridicu
lous, he said, to contend that this woman i
had been trying to steal this man's
afiections by holding up $9000 before him >
and he demanded that the defense produce
letters which would prove that Mrs. Lee
was fully cognizant of Gregory's financial
distress when she loaned the money.
"We will do so when the time comes'
was the retort of tue defendant's counsel.
Next followed a letter in which the lady
said she had dreamed Gregory was ill
while in the East aiia expressed the hope
that she had done nothing to displease
him.
In July, 1893, Mrs. Lee wrote from Red
Bluff to Gregory, stating that she always
had been free and open in her expressions
to him, though she realized that she had
no right to do so. To all others she was
cold. Again he was chided for his seem
ing lack of appreciation. The rest of the
letter was chiefly a description of a visit to
Vina and some Red Bluff gossip. In an
other letter she rebuked him for not visit
ing her when he had been within five
blocks of her for over a month. He, how
ever, wrote every day and she sent mes
sages.
A letter written in Sacramento on April
17. 1894, stated that she knew just how he
was placed, politically, financially and
otherwise. The letter said the writer knew
the last three or four years had been very
severe on Mr. Gregory. She had been
ready to go through fire for him and could
help him; hoped she would see him at the
fair and that he would not allow her to go
Lome without a handshake.
"I want to see you soon," the letter
added, "to consult you about what to do
with a couple of thousand dollars that is
drawing no interest."
The case will be resumed at 10 o'clock
to-morrow morning.
btate Dental Anaociatian Will Be Well
Entertained.
SANTA CRUZ, Cal.. May 18.— Tbe an
nual meeting of the California State Den
tal Association has* always been held in
San Francisco during the association's
twenty-five years of existence, but this
year it will be held in Santa Cruz. Local
dentists, together with the citizens, are
planning to make it the most enjoyable
session ever held. Mayor H. H. Clark will
deliver an address of welcome at the re
ception to be given at the Sea Beach Hotel
on June 9. Trie reception wil: be of a va
ried and pleasing character, musical tal
ent, both local and from abroad, having
been secured. No pains will be spared to
make this reception the finest of its Kind
ever given in Santa Cruz.
IXTERRED AT ST. HELEN A.
Pioneera Conduct the -Funeral of George
B. Bench.
8T. HELENA, Cal., May 18.— The
funeral of George H. Beach, who died on
Saturday, was held to-day from the Pres
byterian church, services at the grave be
ing conducted by John F. Pinkbam, mar
shal of the Society of California Pioneers,
of which the deceased was an honored
member.
Mr. Beach came to San Francisco in 1849
and in 1852 opened the business of Wells,
Fargo <fe Co. In that town. He had been
a resident of St. Helena since 1«72 and was
at one time a verv wealthy nmn. He was
i 78 years of ape. A widow and three grown
children survive him.
The Parker Contest to Be
Opened in the Superior
Court To-Day.
Judge Reynolds Denies a Motion for
the Dismissal of Gecrge Bar
ren's Suit.
SAN JOSE, C.u., May 18.— The contest
of the will of the late George H. Parker
by Emma L. Parker, the widow of the de
ceased's son, EJ-vard Parker, will com
mence in the Superior Court here to
morrow. Parker objected to his son's
marriage, and in his will gave him
only the income of the estate, which
is valued at over $200,000, during the life of
his wife, but at the death of the latter the
son was to inherit the entire estate. The
contestant alleges that undue influence
was used by Marshall and Jane Porueroy,
to whom the estate was lelt in trust, with
the deceased in making the will. Park
er's son died about three years ago.
The plaintiff will be represented by
Nicholas Bowden and T. C. Coogan of San
Francisco. The respondent's attorneys
are Delma? &, Shortridge of San Fran
cisco, and P. E. Spencer and D. W. Burch
ard of this citv.
Attorney MeK\n$try't> Motion to Dismiss
the Hill Contest Denied.
SAN JOSE, Cal., May IS.— Judge Rey
nolds this morning denied the motion by
Attorney J. C. McKinstry, representing
the San Francisco Protestant Orphan Asy
lum, for a dismissal of the contest of the
will of Edward Barron, instituted by
George E. Barron, a son, on the ground
that the officers of the asylum had never
been properly served with a citation in
the case.
In denying the motion Judge Reynolds
cited the various important points in the
law relative to the issue?, and held that
although the matron of the orphan asy-
Inm was not the proper party to serve
with the citation the fact tnat the asylum
authorities had entered into an agreement
with Mrs. Barron to ally themselves with
her in the attempt to sustain the will and
had been represented in the proceedings
was sufficient to make them a party to the
suit and against the asylum. Judge
Lorigan concnrred in the decision.
Mrs. Eva Rose Barron, the widow, had
agreed to pay the $5C00 legacy left to the
asylum out of her own funds if the asylum
would enter into a compact with her to
defend the will.
McKinstry took an exception to the
decision and the matter will probaoly be
appealed.
SAN JOSE, Cal., May 18.—Arrange
ments are being made for a fitting observ
ance of Memorial day in this city. The
celebration is in tht hands of a committee
of citizens and will be more generally ob
served by the people than in previous
years. "
Officers Capture Two Lads Who
Emulated Laverone and
Roberts.
Lodged in Jail Despite the Protest of
the Father of One of the
Youths.
MADERA, Cal., May 18.— William
Hamilton and Albert Soaper, the two lads
who started out last Sunday week to emu
late the example of Laverone and Roberts
by taking their fathers' best horses and
riding to the church at Webster, scaring
the worshipers there by attempting to
shoot one of them, have not been as fortu
nate as their ideals in escaping the officer?.
They were captured at Merced yesterday
and brought home to-day by Constable
Holbrook and lodged in jail.
Soaper's father tried to persuade the
officers to let his boy so home with him.
He said he would administer the proper
punishment to the embrjo highwayman,
but the Judge thought he had not proved
his ability to handle the boy in the past
and refused to dismiss the charge. It is
not known yet what action will be taken
by the officials in regard to the case, but
it* is intimated that an effort will be made
to send the boys to the Whittier Reform
School.
Declare* Be Will Tet Cause Judge llutr's
Jtelrate Front Highlands.
SANTA BARBARA, Cai,., May 18 —Old
Judge Gallardo, who has been for some
time past endeavoring to procure the re
lease of his friend, Judge Huse, from the
San Bernardino Insane Asylum, has ar
rived in Santa Barbara and is devoting his
time to examining the county records.
He intimates that the original commit
ment of Judge Huse was irregular and il
legal, and declares that he has just begun
the fight for his old friend 1 liberty, prom
ising, some lively sensations before he :
gets through with the case.
Convict Arrison, Stabbed to
Death by a Fellow-
Prisoner.
ATTACKED IN HIS CELL.
A Knifeblade Plunged Into His
Body Repeatedly by the
Murderer.
CRIES ATTRACT THE GUARDS.
They Arrive Too Late to Save the
Victim's Life — Motive for the
Crime Unknown.
SAN QUEXTIN PRISON, Cal., May
18. — A ghastly and apparently unprovoked
murder occurred within the walls of San
Quemin prison this afternoon. W. A. Ar
rison, under sentence of nfty years for a
robbery committed in Butte County, was
stabbed by Convict J. W. Ellis, alias
Kelly, incarcerated in December, 1894, for
burglary in Lo? Angeles County. Arrison
died three hours later, after suffering un
told agony.
The motive for the murder is not known.
Ellis went to Arrison's cell shortly after 3
o'clock. Arrison was cell-tender, and as
such had the freedom of the corridors,
and the doora of his own apartment were
not locked. Immediately upon entering
the cell, Ellis produced a knife and leaped
upon the Butte County convict. There
was a short struggle, during which the
blade was plunged repeatedly into the
cell-tender's body. His cries attracted the
guards, and Ellis was overpowered and
placed in solitary confinement.
Arrison lingered until shortly after 6
o'clock, writhing with pain, and then his
sufferings ended in death. The warden
telephoned to Coroner Eden and District
Attorney Martinelli of San Rafael, and
they came up at once. An inque3t will be
held to-morrow morning.
Ives Badly Beaten by Gamier
in the Opening
Game.
But There Is Some Clever Playing on
the Diificult Eighteen-Inch
Balk Line.
CHICAGO, III., May 18.— The first of
the series of games to be played by Frank
Ives, Jacob Schaefer and Albert Gamier
at billiards was played to-night in Central
Music Hall between the Napoleon of the
game and the Belgian expert. Ives was
badly beaten. His only explanation was
he "couldn't play," and that bis cue was
sticky at tne outset of the game.
Gamier was put on the 300 mark, while
Ives and th« "Wizard are expected to 9core
500 against him or lose. These odds did
not appear to be equitable in to-night's
contest, as Ives was beaten on even terms
— 300 to 207. The foreigner was given
plenty of applause from the few hundred
people present. The game was more dim
cult than those played in the East — eight
een-inch balk line, one shot in balk and
one in the anchor-box. Such restrictions
made it necessary to scatter the balls as
soon as brought together, except in open
tahle billiards. Georee Silerwas referee.
The score: Gamier. 30 v, high run, 53;
averaee, 113-27. Ives, 297; high run, 51;
average, 11.
Winner* of Erenti at St. I.ouii, Sheffield,
and l.oiiisritlc.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., May 18.— Only seven
books did business to-day owing to a disa
greement between the association and
Alexander I'llman, lessee of the betting
ring, but they were busy. Three odds on
favorites, a third choice at 5 and an out
sider at 8 to 1, won. Track fast. Attend
ance 3<X>0.
Five furlong?. Scribe won, Goshen second,
Billy Pawdy third. Time, 1:03.
Beven and a half furlongs, Mercury won,
Bihw t«cot second, Tom Elmore third. Time,
One mile. Muskalonge won, Crevasse second,
Frontier third. Time, 1:43?£.
Five furlongs, Magnet won, Gold Coin sec
ond, Nat I' third. Time, 1:02.
Six furlongs, Xentral won. Bravo second,
Romance third. Time, 1 :1.")' 4 .
CHICAGO, III., May I*— Jockey Me
Hugh was indefinitely suspended at Shef
field to-day for a bad ride on Kamsin in the
fourth race. Four favorite? won.
Six furlongs, Sugar won. Waterman second,
Teragnes third. Time, 1:20^.
Half a mile. Chenille won. Devoir second
Golden Tide third. Time. :51^.
Six furlongs, Mari Woodlands won. Rosamay
6econd, Mr. Dunlap third. Time, 1 :19K.
six lurlong?, Nikita won, Kamsin second May
Gallop third. Time, 1 :18'<J.
One mile and seventy yards, Eloroy won, Lit
tle Mat second, Prince third. Time, 1:54.
Six and a half furlongs, California won. Dago
second, Jnmboree third. Time, l*36$f.
LOUISVILLE, Ky., May 18.— To-day's
results:
Seven-eighths of a mile, Doorga won. Joe
Thayer second, Key del Mar third. Time,
1:27% %
One mile, Anna Lyle won. Maggie S second,
Rasper third. Time, 1 :42!^.
Three-quarters of a mile. Trilby won, White
Oak second, Celtic Bard third. Time, 1:17.
The Frank Fehr stakes, one mile, Rondo
won. The Commoner second, Ace third. Time.
1:40^. . --..-:■
Nine-sixteenths of a mile, Princess Teck
won, The Blossom second, Once More third.
Time, :'tG\. . _ '
Given the Decision Over Billy Smith in
a Fight at Boiton.
BOSTON, Mass., May 18.— Kid McCoy of
New York was awarded a decision over
Billy Smith of Boston at the Newton-street
Armory this eveinng as the result of afoul
in the sixth round. The men were sched
uled to meet for twenty rounds and 2000
persons were present. From the time the
bell rang for the first round Smith tried to
avoid punishment, clinched again and
again and after being ordered to break
would strike McCoy, which under the rules
is a foul.
In the second round Referee Daley first
cautioned Smitu, but he repeated the
offense up to the fourth, when he was in
formed that a repetition would result in a
decision against nim. Despite this caution
he deliberately fould McCoy in the sixth
round before :ne bell ran?, and without
hc'hating Referee Daley gave the contest
to McCoy.
During the first three rounds neither.
man did much effective work, Dut McCoy
showed his generalship and cleverness by
keeping cool, while his opponent was
groggy alter receiving a blow.
In the fourth round McCoy forced Smith
to the ropes ana, breaking away, got a
strong right and left on Smith's face.
Both men clinched and Smith struck ilc-
Coy.
In the fifth round Smith got in a left
swing, followed by a right, on McCoy's
jaw. McCoy tried* to draw Smith out by
feinting for his stomach, but he was un
successful.
The sixth round opened by McCoy land
ing a number of rights and lefts iii quick
succession on Smith's lace, which made
the latter wince.
This made Smith groggy. Both clinched
and Referee Daley endeavored to break
them, but before McCoy could get clear
he received an uppercut in the face, which
was a foul. The tight was then given to
McCoy and he was declared the champion
welter-weight of America. He has been
challenged by Dick O'Brien and Joe Wal
cott.
Cleveland Hint a Moat Exciting Game
From Jtnltimorc.
CLEVELAND, Ohio, May 13.— Cleveland
won one of the most exciting games of the
season from Baltimore to-day. The game
abounded with sharp fielding plays and
magnificent base-running. TebeatTs home
run in the first went to the center-field
fence, and he scored one man ahead of
himself. Jennings' work at short was gilt
edged. Score :
Clevelands— 2 000 0 000 2— i 9 0
Baltimore* 0 0 0 1 0 0 2 0 0— S 7 3
Batteries— Young and Zlmmer: Esper and Rob
inson. Umpire— weidman.
CINCINNATI. Ohio, May 18.— Foreman
pitched an excellent game and had almost
faultless support. Miller's batting waa tne
feature. Score:
Cincinnati 2 0 3 2 0 1 0 1 •— 9 14 1
Pbiladelphias C00102002—5 7 1
■Batteries— Foreman and Peitz; Lucid and Grady.
Umpire— Keete.
CHICAGO, III., May 18.— New York
could do nothing with Terry. The Colts
stole bases as they pleased and played an
errorless game, outclassing the visitors at
all points. Score:
Chica«os 2 0 110 7 4 0 «-15 8 0
New Yorks 0 10002 00 0-3 10 4
Batteries-Terry, Briggs and Kittrldge; Sey
monr, Campfield and Farrell. Umpire— Sheridan.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., May 18.— The Bostons
got but one hit off Hart op to the eighth
inning, when they combined two hits with
errors by the Browns and won the game.
Score :
St. Louis. 100000001—2 6 2
Bostons. 000000030—3 3 2
Batteries- Hart and McFarland; Nichols and
Bergen. Umpire— Lynch.
LOUISVILLE, Ky., May 18.— To-day's
game was Jong and listless. Treadway's
three errors resulted in as many scores
and gave Washington the game. Attend
ance 1200. Score:
I^ouisvilles. 00010110 0—3 5 4
Waataineioas 1012 10000—5 8 1
Baueries-Hill and Miller; Me James and M.C-
Auley and McUuire. Umpire— Hurst.
Battle of the Two Clever Middle- Weights
at Buffalo.
BUFFALO, N. Y., May 1«.-In the Ex
position building at tne Buffalo Driving
Park to-night the two middle-weights,
Tommy Ryan and Joe Dunfee. met in a
twenty-round glove contest before the
Empire Athletic Club. Ryan jvas clearly
the superior of his antagonist, and won in
the sixth round with a clever knockout.
The men were in splendid condition.
Ryan weighed 147 pounds and Dunfee 157.
Briefly told, tne tight was as follows:
Ryan was shifty on his feet, while Dunfee
fought rather sturdily. The first three
rounds furnished an excellent exhibi
tion of sparring. Then Ryau be
gan to land repeatedly upon Dun
fee's neck and on the stomach, while
Dunfee played in vain for a hook blow.
Dunfee's leads were hesitating and weak.
One of Ryan's savage punches tore Dun
fee's ear. which bled freely. In the sixth
round Ryun landed a series of strong
short-arm blows ana got away, avoiding a
clinch.
Then he got Dunfee in the corner and
struck him a blow which dazed him.
When the referee separated them Dunfee
left his guard open and Ryan knocked
him down. He came up, but again stood
open and Ryan sent him to the floor with
a shower of blows. He came up and
grappled with Ryan, who brote away and
upper cut him. They clinched again, and
as the referee pushed Dunfee he fell on his
back and could not rise
— — — . ».
Th« Lob -Angeles- San Diego Record
lowered by Six Minutes.
SAN DIEGO, Cal.. May IS.— The relay
race from Los Angeles to this city cut the
record only six minutes, the distance being
covered in 12 hours and 6 minutes. If the
Los Angeles half had been made in as
good time as the latter half the record
would have been reduced 2 hours and 40
minutes. The Los Angeles boys had bad
luck, their speediest man meeting with a
breakdown that resulted in the delivery of
the message at San Marco? 2 hours and 10
minutes late. At San Marcos the San
Diego boys began their relay and at 4:46
Will R. Spohn whizzed down Florence
Heights to the Piaza. The San Diegans
were allowed three hours from San Marcos
according to schedule and they made the
trip in 2 hours and 36 minutes.
LEMONT, III , May IS.— Joe Bertrand
knocked out Barney McCall in the eigh
teenth round to-night in the old Standard
Theater. A crowd of Cbicagoans was
present. Malachi Ho^an acted as referee
and Solomon Van Praag as time-keeper.
It was a wicked fight from start to linish.
BOSTON, Mass., May 18.— The game of
chess between Barry ani Showalter this
evening resulted in a draw after thirty-one
moves.
LIVERPOOL, Eng., May 18.— In a
wrestling match to-night for the cham
pionship Cannon defeated Pierri.
3Californians Making Rich
Strikes on the Coast
of Alaska.
FIND GOLD AND LIGNITE.
Excellent Quality of Coal Cast
Onto the Beach by Every
Tide.
GATHERED WITH LITTLE LABOR
Two Men Pick Up Twenty-Five Sack
fuls in an Hour — Indians Scared
by Horses.
TORT TOWNSEXD, WASH., May 18.—
The steam schooner Albion, Captain Lund
quist, which recently took a party of
tourists and miners from San Francisco to
Cooks Inlet, arrived this morning at an
early hour. Aboard the Albion as pas
seneers were H. Pennock and Dr. Walker,
members of the party who went north on
the steamer Excelsior.
They headed the colony first to land at
Coal Bay, which has since jumped into
prominence because of the remarkable
finds of coal and gold made there in the
desultory prospecting done by the men
while awaiting the opening of navigation.
Many of the men who were bound for Six
mile Creek have determined to remain at
Coal Bay.
Pennock is enthusiastic over the luck he
met with in the north, and came hack to
civilization to purchase sufficient supplies
to keep the party at Coal Bay for a couple
of years.
"As to the other sections of the coun
try," said Pennock, "1 have nothing to
say; but if we haven't struck a patch that
will put the famous Comstock wealth in
the shade, then I miss rny reckoning. We
have located a limitless number of pros
pect?, and if there'-, a square yard of earth
wixhin its boundaries that will not yield a
dollar then I'll confess to an untruth and
give the fellow who catches me a thousand
dollars. Most of the land has been figured
oui to pan $3 to t!:e square yard. As we
have miles and miles it's easy to see that
we will make fo r tune?.
"That the entire country is rich there is
not the slightest doubt, but a man shouM
not think of venturing without providing
himself with a first-class outfit, together
with sufficient ready money to maintain
himself while there and — more important
— to pay bit fare home again should he
not meet wi'h lurk."
Dr. Walker tells a good story concern
ing the introduction of horses to the
natives. Himself and two others made a
trip inland on horses taken up on the Ex
celsior.
At the first Indian village the sight of
the horses drove all the dogs howling into
the woods. The children dropped their
rude playthings and lie 1 crying into the
huts. The men and women stood their
ground, although in open-eyed wonder.
After mnch inducement they were finally
prevailed upon to approach the horses and
their wonder knew no bounds. No
amount of persuasion would induce them
to mount.
In relation to the wonderful coalfields.
Dr. Walker says that on every tide that
long beach is literally covered witn a tine
quality of lignite coal, and it was an easy
matter for two men in an hour's time to
fill twenty-five eacks from the mounds
which were in evidence at every hand.
Exciting Content Between Four Sailing
Teasels Starting From Hhanghai.
PORT TOWNSEND, WASH., May 18.—
An ocean race between four vessels which
left Shanghai in company for this port
terminated last night, when the barken
tine John Smi:h and the schooner Lyman
D. Foster came in behind a tu<_', with the
British bark Woolhara following close
behind. These craft, together with the
American ship Benjamin Sewell, lett
Shangnai on the same day, spoke each
other nearly every day duiing the trip
across and arrived here within a few
hours of each other.
PORT TOWNSEND, Waph., May 18.—
The fctearu -schooner Albion from Cooks
Inlet to-day brings no tidings of the brig
Blakeloy, -which Jeft here for fcix-mile
weeks ago, carrying passengers, stock and
freight and alleged to be greatly over
loadeil. Fears are entertained for her
safety. Th schooner Lincoln of Seattle,
also bound for the inlet, has b.*en given
up for lost.
PORT TOWNSEND, Wash., May 18.—
The Bering Sea fleet, which sailed from
here on April 30, arrived at Sitka six dayn
Jate, the decrepit old "SVolcott dYopping
anchor on the 6th just ahead of the bear.
The Percy followed on the 7th and the
Corwin on the 8th. Ten-day cruises were
begun the following day. The Grant sails
from here to-morrow to join the fleet.
Raising of Funds for the Eastern
Trip Is Worrying the
Trackmen.
New Register Contains the Names of
1069 Students — Dr. Jordan's
Movements.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Cal., May
18.— The trackmen are selling ticsets for
their vaudeville i>erformanee ; which is to
take place on Tuesdny evening in the
gymnasium. The programme is being
kept secret, but will contain many sur
prises and from the retuarsals promises to
score a great success. "If the audience is
on hand with its shekels the show will be
all right," so its promoters urge. The
question of funds 13 bothering the track
management now more than anything else,
and unless sufficient money can be got
together to insure the trip within a week
or ten days the chances of competing in
the Chicago contests will be dubious. The
management is hopeful that at least a por
tion 01 the profits taken in San Francisco
at the recent field day to send a team East
will be giveu to Stanford, inasmuch as
Berkeley has given up the idea for this
year, 'they point to the fact that most of
the clubs that participated did so with the
expectation of having the proceeds go
toward defraying the expenses of a repre
sentative team of athletes in the kast,
whether it be Berkeley or Stanford.
The new register appeared to-day. It
shows that 1069 students have been at
tending during the year, 691 being men
and 378 women. There were 102 in gradu
ate standing, 130 specials and 777 under
graduates. Of all departments law seems
to be the favorite; there were 149 students
making law their major and 141 who
chose English.
Of the students in attendance 698 are
California residents, Oretfon 57, Washing
ton 43, Illinois 22, Iowa 20. Colorado 10,
Indiana ltf, Missouri 15, New York 15,
Ohio 11, Utah 14, Pennsylvania 13, Minne
sota 12, Nevada 10, and so on down the
list. Thirty-Bine States and Territories
are represented. In addition there are
students from Canada, Japan, Brazil,
China, Central America, Hawaii, England.
Ireland and Scotland.
By counties Santa Clara has a majority,
as would be expected, 241 in number; Los
Angeles next with 77 representatives, San
Francisco 69 and Alameda neck and n ck
with San Diego, each having 33. Forty
counties send their qu-nas to Stanford.
On Monday Dr. Jordan is to address the
woman suffra ists at Redwood City. On
June 10. Dr. Jordan leaves for the East to
attend the National Convention of Teach
ers in Buffalo, where he is to deliver two
papers. He will deliver the Baccalaureate
sermon to the graduates of the Indiana
Stale Universisy, address the assembly of
toe Plymouth Congregational Church in
Indianapolis ami on his return will de
liver three lectures before the Nebraska
Chautauqua Association at Creek. Dur
ing his trip Dr. Jordan will visit Washing
ton and New York.
Professor Mary Roberts Smith of the
Stanford social economic department has
just published a rutmphlet entitled "Alms
house Women,' being a studv of 228
women in the City and County Alni9hou*e
of San Francisco.
On Wednesday Stanford will send a col
lecting expedition to Alaska, in the persons
of two students — Scotield and Seale.
A Steamboat Courtship Ends
in a Hasty Marriage
Ceremony.
Miss Smith Changes Her Name to
Bishop and Then Continues
a Voyage.
SAN LUIS OBIPPO. Cal., May 18.-
Lorenzo Bishop ana Mi-s Ada Mary
; Smith, recently of Los Angeles, were mar
ried in this city to-day by Superior Judge
Gregg. They were no strangers to each
other, but the marriage was made on the
I spur of the moment.
It seems that both had re<=ifled in Los
Angeles and had become greatly attached
to each other, but the young lady had de
parted for a visit to Santa Barbara before
j any definite arrangements had been agreed
: upon. A few days later Mr. Bishop deter
' mined to change his residence to the
northern part of the Stat«, and took pas
8age by the steamer which touched here
| yesterday.
On reaching Santa Barbara, to the sur
prise of both they met, aiiss Smith having
• come aboard the steamer on her way to
San Francisco.
Taking advantage of his opportunity the
| gentleman pressed his suit and endeavored
• to induce the young ladv to accompany
• him to hi>> destination, and when, on ar
riving at Port Harford, it was ascertained
that th«*re would be several hours' delay,
: he succeeded in inducing her to employ
the time in a hasty visit to this city and
an impromptu weadine.
The plan so suddenly formed was car
rici out with great success and Mr. and
Mrs. Bishop returned to resume their
oceaa voyage and be^-in th»ir voyage to
cether on the ocean of life, apparently
with the highest appreciation of the City
of the Bishop.
Moran Bro». Lay the K>*l for the Reve
nue Cutter Golden Gate.
SEATTLE, Wash., May 18.— The keel
for the United States revenue cutter
Golden Gate, to be stationed in San Fran
cisco harbor, was laid this afternoon by
Moran Bros., the builders. Two hundred
men are at work upon this and torpedo
boat 8. wtricn the firm is also constructing
for the Government. Robert Moran said
that he hoped to see the Golden Gate com
pleted by October 1.
The revenue cutter Grant, the last of the
Bering Sea fleet to go north, sailed to-day.
m
Mi*8 Tie Choy Arrested at the Instance
of Her Huitbanet.
FRESNO, Cal., May 18.— T ie Choy, the
Chinese maiden whom Detective Stilwell
brought back to this city from San Fran
cisco after an exciting contest in the
courts for her possession, was to-day ar
rested on a charge of vagrancy. The com-
Elaint was filed in Recorder Clark's court
y a friend of her San Francisco '"hus
band.''
LOS GATOS. Cal., May 18.— Edward D.
Sparleader, who has conducted a boot and
: shoe business here since April, 1894, to-day
filed a petition in insolvency. His liabili
ties are $131H. The assets are a stock of
! goods valued at $950. The petition will be
| heard May 27.
FRESNO, Cal., May 18.— William K.
Hill, a workman at Moore & Smith's saw
mill in the mountains, was killed by a fail
ing tree early this morning.
<•
Willing to Hand Over the Indemnity De
manded for the Uruan Incident
and Apologize.
CARACAS. Venezuela, May 18.— The
Venezuelan Government bas agreed to pay
the $1600 deipanded by Great Britain for
the Uruan incident, the arrest and im
prisonment of British police officers, on
the ground that it is considered simply
as indemnity for private damages and not
as affecting the boundary dispute. The
Venezuelan Government, however, con
sents to make a public apology to Great
Britain as a prerequisite to the resumption
of diplomatic relations, although it is
understood that the United States, in carry
ing out its friendly purpose as an adviser
of Venezuela, counseled that this condi
tion should be complied with in accord
ance with the terms of the British demand.
LANSING, Mich., May 18.— E. Bement
& Sons, who operate one of the largest im
plement and s ove manufacturing con
cerns in the world, this afternoon filed
two trust deeds, aggregating $3eO,O0O. to
secure tueir creditors. The concern em
ploys 500 hands an t will not suspend oper
ations. The embarrassment is only tem
porary.
NEW YORK, N. Y., May 18.— Henry E.
Abbey of Abbey, Schoeffel & Grau, whose
illness was reported yesterday, was much
more comfortable last evening and his
condition was not regarded as serious. He
was well enough to see several friends
yesterday afteraoou.
Millions Involved in a Case
On Trial at Los
Angeles.
FIGHTING FOR WATER.
Rival Companies and Individuals
Claim the Lytle Creek
Supply.
BY A CORPORATION
Litigation Started by an Attempt to
Tap the Stream Above a
Great Ditch.
LOP ANGELES, Cal., May 18.— From
the standpoint of valuations involved, the
most important irrigation suit ever tried
in Southern California is now on In Judge
McKinley's department ot the Superior
Court here. It was begun in the courts of
San Bernardino County in 1W2 It i9
really a combination of rive suit?, and
about thirty lawyers are engaged in the
case. The valuation runs Into the mil
lions. Twelve attorneys were in attend
ance to-day.
The Lytle Creek Water and Improve
ment Company is plaintiff and the Grape
land Irrigation District, Lytle Creek
Water Company, A. B. Hotehkisa and
over thirty other?, defendants. The
Semi-Tropic Lana and Water Company
was owner'and in possession of a part of
the Mexican grant known as the ltanclio
ICoscapiabe, held under a patent issued
by the United States fJovernment in June,
1872. -Lytle Creek liows through these
land? for about nine miles ana the various
Humes and ditches to divert the waters
were acquired by the Semi-Tropic Com
pany as riparian and appurtenant to thr
lands. The.-e have been smb-divided into
town Jots, and the town sites of Rialto,
Bloominpton, Fontana ami Sansevaine
have been laid out on this grant.
The company constructed a cement
ditch seven miles long, connecting with
other ditches acpregating thirty-one
itiies in length with fifty-four miles of
distributing pipes. The capacity of this
ditch is 4000 inches by water measure
under four-inch pressure. Ever since the
construction of the ditches the plaintiff
and its vredecessors the Semi-Tropic Com
pany, from whom tbf plaintiff holds title,
have used ail the waters of Lytle Creek for
irrigation and domestic uses.
About 6000 acres of land are set out to
oranges and deciduous trees and the pres
ent occupants of these lands are supplied
from the ditches mentioned. The land
holders have placed improvements on
their land to the value of $o00,0(>0 and for
their maintenance are dependent upon
the waters of Lytle Creek. The plaintiff
corporation acquired all the rights of the
Semi-Tropic Company in and to the
water* and water rights held by it and
$229,000 has been expended in construct
ing the ditches and flumes.
A tnnnel has been commenced half a
mile above the point where the plaintiff
diverts the water from the creek and the
defendants have enterpd upon the lands
of the plaintiff corporation and are con
structing a ditch which, unless a restrain
ing order is issued, will divert the waters
of the creek above the point where the
plaintifl now diverts tbe waters.
Claim of a lingua Baron Arrested at Los
Angeles.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., May 18.— The
"Baron" who has during the past few
weeks cut such a tremendous dash in
various towns of Southern California-
Carl von Abrenholdt, alias Baron von
Steinmetz— pleaded guilty this afternoon
to the charge of having carried concealed
upon his person a loaded revolver on
Broadway several days a^o. Officer Long
said that a woman unknown to him pointed
out Von Abrenholdt, telling him that
the man always carried a weapon and was
wanted. Lone searched Von Aorenholdt
and found the weapon, whereupon he ar
rested him, and since that time the
"Baron" has been the guest of the City
Jail.
The prisoner testified in his own behalf
that he was sent here by Lucky Baldwin
to dig up evidence in the Lillian Ashley
case, and justified the fact of his carrying
the pistol by the statement that he was a
stiaiiger and made numerous trips into
the country during his stay here. He said
he was in the employ of the Lucas Detec
tive Agency of San Francisco at the time
of his arrest, which occurred a week ago.
His regular business was that of a detec
tive, but he was|not a peace officer, nor did
he have a permit to carry a pistol.
Police Judge MorriBon found the defend
ant cuilty of the charge and fined him $30
or thirty days. As the San Francisco peo
ple to whom Yon Ahrenholdt wrote for
money gave him the "marble heart," he
was obliged to choose the thirty days in
the city's bastile.
♦
('it*/ Councilman lJ>«<i a Petition .From
the Cl*rpy.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., May 18.— For the
second time recently the City Council has
given an attentive ear to petitions of the
Ministerial Union of Los Angeles. The
petition and memorial was as follows:
Wiikreas, Information has come to us that
an advertisement is out for a circus on the
next Lord's day; therefore
Resolved, That we respectfully and most ear
nestly protest against this desecration of holy
time and the demoralization consequent upon
such amusement at such time.
Resolved, That we request the City Council
to withhold a license for this exhioltion.
Resolved, That a committee of three be ap
pointed to wait upon the Council at once to
present the protest of this meeting.
W. H. Kmghten, President.
J. J. Findley, Secretary.
The City Cierk was at once instructed
not to issue to the circus company a li
cense for Sunday, May 24.
Pasting of the Philanthropic Daughter
of Frnnciteo Pteo.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., May 18.— Mrs. S.
Sejiulveda, a lady well known to Southern
Californians, died this morninp at 1 o'clock
at her late residence, 1022 East Seventh
street. Mrs. Sepulveda was very char
itable and deservedly popular amon^ the
Spanish element, being a member of one
of the oldest Spanish families of the city.
Her father was Francisco Pico, Secretary
of State of California under the Mexican
regime. Her mother was the daughter of
Don Jose Sepulveda. The funeral will
occur to-morrow at 2 o'clock from her last
residence.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., May 18.— Despite
the fact that many new wells are being
aunk in the oil district, trie price of crude
petroleum goes steadily upward. It was
again raised this afternoon three points—
from $1 per barrel to $115- by the Oil
Exchange.
Novel Features Under Preparation by the
Committees — The Dam Nearing
Completion.
SANTA CRUZ, Cal., May 13.— One of
the features of the Water Carnival decided
upon by the committee of Trustees to
nigtit will be the appearance on the river
of two barges handsomely decorated and
carrying the Hastings Social Singing Club,
an organization of the best vocal talent in
Santa Cruz.
Chairman Lambe of the Bunker Hill
committee was instructed to begin work
imm?diaely upon the erection of the hill,
and he promises to give such an accurate
miniature of that famous landmark ab
will aid in making the Bunker Hill exer
cises very vivid and realistic.
The advtriiain- committee is actively
encased in the selection of a design for a
handsome and attractive poster, of which
some 10,000 win be distributed over the
State.
William Lemos, the artist, who has been
quietly but diligently at work on the
decorationsof the floats, reported gratifying
progress, and exhibited colored designs of
ten floats that were to-night accepted by
the committee.
There will he the Merrimac and the
Monitor and the Queen's barge as the
principal ones, two for the Hustings sing
ers, one for the Clerks' Association, one
for East Santa Cruz and three decorated
floats not yet assigned to duty, but wliicn
are expected to be occupied by local so
cieties.
Mr. Osborne of the electric-light com
pany, who l»as charge of the electrical il
luminations, reported tbat the poles were
in place in the river. The dam betas built
under the supervision of Cujtirrn ui Kay
of the dam commit toe is BO far advanced
that, said McKay, they would have the
river at high wa'ter inruk within a short
time.
yo Action Tet Toward Reforming the
Military Lutes.
BERLIN, Germany. May 18.— In the
Reichstag to-day Dr. Lieber, leader of the
Centrist party, asked the Government
when the bill to reform the law governing
military trials would bo placed upon the
table of the Reichstag.
Prince von Hohenlohe. the Imperial
Chancellor, said that the Government
hoped to be able to do so in the course of
the present year. This announcement
was received with general cheering. The
supplementary military credits for the re
construction of the quarter battalions were
then discussed. The naileries wsre
crowded with visitors in anticipation of a
lively debate.
He'rr ilichter (Radical) opposed the
Government's demand for the supple
mentary credit for the purpose stated,
upon financial grounds. General Bronsart
von Bchellendorf, Imperial Minister of
War, justified the demand, for many rea
son?, and declared that the Emperor had
personally worked out the details of a bill
.ii ing the half battalions into full bat
talions. Dr: Lieber criticized the Govern
ment's policy in tbo matter, but did not
say what decision the Centrists had ar
rived at in regard to supporting or oppot«
ing the credits.
Congretstnen Ashed to Send in Their
Franked _, Addmaea.
WASHINGTON, D. C, May 18.—Assist
ant Secretary Dabney of the Agricultural
Department has written a letter to Sena
tor Proctor and Representative Wads
worth, requesting them to inform the
members of their respective bodies that in
order to hasten the distribution of 'seeds,
one-thirl of those purchased being at the
disposition of the department, 1000 mail
packages of vegetable seeds and forty
packages of flower seeds have been al
lotted to each one of them as an additional
quota, and that they are requested to cause
to be sent to the department immediately
addressed franks to be attached thereto.
This allotment, the Assistant Secretary
informs hi? correspondents, will hold until
the 2l8t inst., "on which date the entire
surplus of 400.000 mail packages will be
sent out in accord with the existing law
to those persons whose names and ad
dresses have been furnished by Senators
and Representatives who have not before
during the same season been supplied by
the department. In case some members
take more than their ordinary quotas, or
should exceed the same, an additional
supply will be ordered."
Two TietroU tiirda lir'itk the Ihree
Hundred-Mile Record.
DETROIT, Mich, May 18.-A Detroit
bird yesterday broke the world's 300-mile
homing pigeon record. Seventy-tiye pig
eons were liberated at Sidney, 111., yester
day, and one of them, a three-year-old
bird belonging to Frod Ruoff, made the
distance, three hundred miles in four
hours and fifty-four minutes, the averace
rate of speed being 18 >2 yards per minute,
beating the record by 146 yards per min
ute. Another of the birds, belonging to
Bob Shcmansky of this city, also broke
the record, arriving in four houri fifty-two
niinutes and twenty-eight seconds.
m
TACOMA. Wash., May IS.— The
mounted sword contest this evening be
tween Baron Ivan de Malchin, the world's
champion, and Professor W. S. Anderson
of Melbourne, Australia, resulted in a vic
tory for the Baron, who gained 15 points to
Anderson's 7.
Both men are exceptionally hupjswords
men and the contost was spirited. In the
twelfth attack the Baron drove ;his sword
full through Anderson's mask. Colonel
W. J. Fife, the tragedian , acted as referee.
JOHANXKSBURG, South Africa, May
18.— The funeral of F. L. Gray, one of the
recently sentenced members of tbe reform
committee, who became insane and com
mitted suicide in jail a; l'retoria a few
days apo, took place here yesterday. It
was largely attended, 3000 persons "being
present at the grave side. Uarney Har
nato, the "Kflir Kirg." occupied the first
carnage in the pro -esf»ion to the cemetery.
CLEVELAND, Ohio. May 18. — The
ninth ballot of the General Conference of
the M. K. church this morning resulted as
follows: Cranston 236, McCabe 238, Buttz
U n 159 ' eeIe y 5 ". Bowen (col
ored) 17. The conference, after taking the
thirteenth ballot, adjourned until to-mor
row.
WASHINGTON, D. C, May 18.— The
Supreme Court to-day, in an opinion ren
dered by Justice Brown, sustained the
constitutionality of the law of Louisiana
requiring railroads of the State to provide
separate cars for white and colored pas
sengers. Justice Harlan announced a very
vigorous dissent.
LONDON, Eno., May 18.— In the cricket
match at Bydenbant to-day between the
English team and the Australian eleven
the farst inning resulted in the Enclish
nien scoring 114 and the Australians 108
for tour wicket-.
BERLIN, Germany, May 18.— Herr Otto
i ampnausen, from m& to 1873 Prussian
Minister of Finance, died in this city last
night.
Sacramento Valley Press
League Discusses Live
Questions.
TO BOOM THE STATE.
Each Editor Urged to Publish
California's Resources to
the World.
GUESTS FETED EY RESIDENTS
A Banquet Follows the Work of the
Session — General Bidwell's
Anecdotes.
CHICO, Cai.., May 18. — The Sacra
mento Valley Press League held its semi
annual convention to-day in this city.
Representatives of nearly every paper
north of San Francisco arrived on last
evening's and this morning's trains. This
mornintr the visiting editors were taken
for a ride into the surrounding country.
This afternoon and evening was devoted
to business meetings of the league. After
the evening's session a banquet at the
Park Hotel in honor of the league was
given.
The following are members of the Sacra
mento Valley Press League, most of whom
are present, many faein? accompanied by
their wives: E. B. Willis, Record-Union,
Sacramento; E. E. Leake, Democrat,
Woodland; W. D. PennycooK, Chronicle,
Vallejo; Watson Chalmers, Chico; P. M.
Johnson, Appeal, Marysville; J. H. Dust,
Four Corners, Wheatland; O. K. Me-
Clatchy, Bee, Sacramento; L. B. Little
field, Pendulum, HoncutjEd. Dinkelspiel,
Republican. Suisun; F. M. Swasey, Free
Press, Redoing; Al. Henry, Tribune,
Dlion; T. H. Dawson, Oberserver,
Corning; T. J. Sherwood. Democrat,
Marysville; L. H. Woodwortb, Farmer,
Yuba City; Mrs. Price Lawrence, Mercury,
Oroville; Mrs. W. S. Green. Sun, Colusa;
V. C. Richards, Chico; Mrs. S. A. Hous
ton, Home Alliance, Woodland; N. B.
Kirtley, Yuba City; W. R. Ellis, Herald,
Livermore; J. J. Campbell, Gazette, Gait;
E. C. Rust, Express, Winters; Raleigh
Barcar, Reporter, Vacaville; S. S. Boyn
ton, Register, Oroville: J. A. Woodson,
Record-Union, Sacramento; E. E. McFar
land, Reporter, Vacaville; V. S. McClatchy,
Bee, Sacramento; T. W. Sheehan, Record-
Union, Sacramento; A. E. Boynton, Reg
ister, Oroville; Will L. Dunn, News, Rio
Vista; J. N. Larkin, Leader, Sacramento;
J. H. Dungan, Mail, Woodland; J. F.
Linthicum, News, Red Bluft; G. A. Mor
ris, Appeal, Marysville; Will S. Green,
Sun, Colusa; C. B. Whiting, Herald, Co-
Iusa; R. V. Robertson, Nugget, Placer
ville; H. A. Downer, Record, Crockett;
H. W. Bessack, News-Messenger, Lincoln:
Charles Duel, Herald, Gridlcy.
The leaque was called to order this after
noon by President W. R. Ellis, who stated
the object of the meeting. The roll was
called by Secretary A. L. Henry of the
Dixon Tribune. ;"*--
Before the regular bupiness was com
menced General Bui well was called ujon
to make a few remarks, lie pave some of
his early experience in California with
General Fremont and General Sutter, and
was listened to with great attention. Tiie
general kept the audience spellbound
for an hour, and the league gave him a
vote of thanks.
The following new members were re
ceived: A. P. Sanborn of the Benicia
N^w Era, F. A. Hutton of the Diion
TKbune and 0. E. Small of the Chico En
terprise.
Officers of the Sacramento Valley Press
League were elected as follows:
President.— Raleigh Barcar of the Vaca
ville Reporter.
Vice-president, S. 8. Boynton of the Oro
ville Register.
Secretary, A. L. Henry of the Dixon
Tribune.
Treasurer, A. P. Sanborn of tbe Benicia
New Era.
Votes of thanks wore returned to the re
tiring president, W. R. Ellis of the Liver
more Ilcrald.
The following was presented to the con
vention:
To the Executive Committee of the Sacramento
Valley Pnss League: Your committee to whom
was referred the matter of drafting a plan to
be considered by the executive committee of
the Sacramento Valley Press League and, on
its adoption by the committee, to be recom
mended by said committee to the different pa
pers comprised in the league, respectfully beg
leave to report as follows:
First— We urge that the different papers
forming the league, whether weeklies or dai
lies, shall publish at least as often as ouce a
week an article giving the advantages, facili
ties and opportunities offered by the different
localities covered by the papers forming the
league to homeseekers.
Second— We urge that every week, whether
daily or weekly be published, that each paper
of the league publish an article portraying the
advantages, resources and business opportu
nities of California, with particular reference
to i^ ili-Mrabiiity as a place for the investment
ol capital.
Third— We urge that from time to time, as it
suits tae convenience of the publisher, gen
eral articles descriptive of the Sacramento
Valley, the county and the particular locality
where the paper in published, be run. We
recommend that the general article on the
Sacramento Valley, the county article and the
local article be stereotyped, so that they may
be run conveniently as occasion offers, and
believe that if ail 01 the articles are prepared
in such a manner as to be divisible iiito inde
pendent parts it will prove advantageous
and permit the more frequent use of the matter.
Fourth— We urge that at least oiu'e a rnonih
all , or at least a portion of such standing arti
cles be run, according to the convenience of
the publisher, and recommend that on occa
sions of this kind a special rate of — cents per
copy addressed in wrappers be made to par
ties who desire to make use of them ; «nd that
each member of the league send a copy of his
publication to the State Board of Trade.
Fifth— We believe that it would be advanta
geous to request the publication, by the papers
of the league, of articles on the Sacramento
Valley, not to exceed 100U words in lengtn,
and that from these articles the executive
committee select one to be stereotyped and
furnished to the members at cost.
Sixth— We believe that it is desirable that,
supplementary to such as can be secured from
local sources, lists of names registered at
the State Board of Trade, or Ii6ts of people
secured from other source~,be sent by the
league from time to time to members of the
league, and that copies of papers containing
matter suitable for use among possible house
keepers be sent out. We urge that members
secure from local sources lists of names of
E .stern people to whom papers, in such
amount as suits the ideas of publishers, may
be sent gratuitously. We recommend that
from time to time the lists of names secured
from local sources be exchanged, through the
executive committee or otherwise. We urge
that all members of the league make an effort
to secure from their local subscribers subscrip
tions to be sent East, and urge that a specially
low rate be made on all such subscriptions.
Seventh — We are of the opinion that suitable
houses should be prepared for the reception of
home-seekers at different points in the valley,
particularly at Sacramento, where they may
find accommodations during the period they
are set kh.g a location. We do not see a method
at present by which the league may under
take this, but urge upon all the members that
they further by all the means in their power
the construction of such buildings, and at least
one in Sacramento.
Eighth— We urge that constant attention be
paid to local conditions, such as climate,
crops and illustrations of profits made in agri
culture, not that it has so much value locnlly
as it does to the Eastern reader, who maybe
interested in California through this instru
mentality.
A resolution that the chairman extend a
personal invitation to J. Sterling Morton,
Secretary of Agriculture, to visit the Sacra
mento Valley, particularly Chico and
vicinity, was adopted. The following
amendment to the constitution was
adopted:
Article 14-Tne executive committee shall
consist of five members. The president, secre
tary and treasurer of the league *,hnll be ex
ofticio members of said executive committee,
and hold the same offices relatively on the
said committee. At each annual election of
officers two other members of the executive
committee shall be elected. Said executive
committee shah have general supervision 01
the league work when it is not in session, and
shHil ■ rrange the programmes of business and
extertainment for the regular meetings of the
league.
Valiejo was decided upon as the place
for t lie next semi-annual meeting.
General .Bidwell and his charming wif,e
did everything in their power to make the
stay of the visiting editors pleasant. The
citizens of Chico were also very attentive
and left no stone unturned to make their
guests feel that they were welcome. C. E.
Small of the Enterprise and E. E. Wood
of the Chronicle-Record were untiring in
their efforts to please, and they wer^ ably
backed by Major A. L. Nichols. General
Bidwell, Major T. 11. Barnard, O. L. Clark,
Colonel G. C. Royce G. H. Taylor, Morris
User, Professor Pennell of the Normal
school and R. F. Jackson.
The ladies of Chico gracefully assisted
at the entertainment ot the euests. A
banquet was tendered the editors at the
Park Hotel by the citizens of Chico.
Various toasts were proposed and re
sponded to and the function was a pleas
urable one.
Monster Cetacean Landed on the
Beach After an Exciting
Struggle.
It Drags a Boat Through the Water
at the Rate of Thirty Miles
an Hour.
MONTEREY, Cal., May 18.— Captain
Henry Schaufele's crew of the Monterey
Whaling Company this morning captured
the third whale of the season in the bay
here. It was taken after a lively struggle,
and old-time whulers say the catch was
the neat'est piece of work in that line they
ever saw. The cetacean was sighted off
Mussel Point at 7 o'clock.
The whaling company's boat was at once
launched, having on board Captain Pedro,
his son Fernando, Manuel Morales, John
King, Robert Williams and John Freitas.
By moving carefully they rowed to within
a few feet of the monster beiore it at
tempted to get away. Then the sport
bepan.
Onlv one harpoon was used, but the
blow proved effective. In a twinkling the
boat was being dragged through the water
at the rate of thirty miles an hour. The
i line was played out or taken in as an
angler plays with a trout, and after a half
hour's struggle the whale pave up the bat
tle and soon w;is lying motionless at the
top of the water. It was then towed to
this city, the crew arriving with the prize
| at noon.
The humpback whaln is the most profit
able of its species, and this particular one
is said to be the finest ever caught in Mon
terey Bay. It is over forty feet lorlg, fat
and ugly looking though its owners prize
it as a beauty.
Opening of the Campaign in the Garden
City— Cheers for " The
Call."
SAN JOSE, Cal., May 18. — "Well-at
tended mass-meetings in the interest of
woman suffrage were held at the Unitarian
church in this city this afternoon ana
evening. Miss Garrett Hay, the suffrage
campaign organizer, presided at both
meetings. Dr. Alida C. Avery, president
of the San Jose Equality Club, delivered
the address of welcome.
At the afternoon meeting she referred to
the great advancement of the cause in
the past few months and the support
given the movement by the San Francisco
Call was spoKen of with much elation.
"What a tocsin of joy to liberty-lovers,
of alarm to the un progressive," said the
speaker, "was The Call of May 3. No won
der that Susan B. Anthony, the brave
champion of equal rights, who for fifty
years has been to the fore in this
tight for freedom, who has borne ridi
cule, contumely and social ostracism
for righteousness sake — no wonder, I say,
that she wept tears of thankfulness and,
like David, danced before the Lord when
these tidints of great joy greeted her, and
she came into the assurance that amend
ment eleven was to be supported by the
mighty power of the San Francisco pres-,
lor she knew that The Call's gallant lead
ership would have universal following."
The mention of The Call was received
with cheers.
Miss Garrett Hay delivered an addreBs,
in which she reviewed the history of the
suffrace agitation and its present status.
Mrs. Sturtevant Peet read an able paper
on "Does the wife and mother need the
ballot?" Mrs. Nico Beck Meyer led the
discussion that followed. Mrs. S. A. Pack
ard of San Diego, Mrs. H. J. James and
Mrs. L. B. Wilson spoke on the subject.
Mrs. Anna Kalfus de Jarnette read a
paper on "Does the Business Woman
Need the Ballot?" and Mrs. Edith M.
Galbraith furnished a paner on "Does the
Professional Woman Need the Ballot?"
At the evening meeting Miss Elizabeth
U. Yatcs of Maine delivered an address.
San Joae J{ nil inn/ in the Band* of
ytr»srs. Undtay and Alrord.
SAN JOSE. Cat,., May 18.— James W,
Findlay and Henry B. Alvord to-day
began suit aeainst Jacob Rich and the San
Jose Railroad Company, to foreclose a
mortgage given on all the branches of the
railway company and other property, to
secure the payment of $350,000 worth of
bonds to the plaintiffs.
On April 27, 1891, Jacob Rich, president
of the company, delivered to plaintiffs 400
bonds of $500 each, bearing 6 per cent in
terest and payable on July 2, 1901, to se
cure a mortgage on the company's lines
and three lots. On July 2, 1893. a second
mortgage was given to secure the pavment
of 300 more bonds of $500 eacb.
This issue matures on July 2, 1908. No
part of the principal or interest has been
raid and plaintiffs alleee that Rich, the
principal owner in the company, is insol
vent. The amount of unsecured indebted
•£?™? f the com P an y is alleged to be
The plaintiffs are joined by the company
in asking to be appointed receivers of the
roaa.
Judge Reynolds appointed James W.
Findiay and Henry B. Alvord receivers
with bonds fixed at $10,000. The lines of
road affected are on First, Hedding, North
Second and South Second streets and Del
maa avenue.
Lumber Warehouses on Southern Pacific
Land Destroyed— OH Explosions Check
mate the Firemen.
SALINA8, Cal., May 19.— The ware
houses of the Vandenhurst-Sanborn Com-
pany and the Lorna Pricta lumber yards,
located on the Southern 1'acific grounds,
were destroyed by tire to-night.
The conflagration started at 10 o'clock,
supposedly of incendiary origin. Largo
iron tanks filled with coal oil exploded,
hurling burning timbers hundreds of
feet into the air and checkmating the
wo'k of the firemen. Not until 1 o'clock
were the flame* got under partial control.
The firemen have two streams bearing
upon the burning buildings, and it is be
lieved the blaze will not spread. The ioss
will reach $5000, w th no insurance.
The Yellow River of China has changed
its course twenty-two times during the
present century. Its mouth is now 300
miles distant from the place it was 100
years a^o.An Unfavorable Day Cuts
Short the Shooting
Sport.
FRED PAPE IS KING.
A. Eahrs, the Venerable Secre
tary and Pioneer of the
Schuetzens.
SHELL MOUND PARK CROWDED.
Closing of the Twenty-Seventh Anni
versary of the Schuetzen
Verein.
The second and last day of the San Fran
cisco Schuetzen Verein at Shell Mound
Park saw no abatement in the attendance
of the German pepulation. Over 2500 of
the loving out-door, jovial and happy peo
ple turned out to enjoy the hospitality of
lin Siebe, who had made ample prepa
tion for their reception.
The day was just the reverse of lovely. It
blew as if it had some grudge against those
who were desirous of enjoying the fun at a
Mayday picnic. Yet the fun went on all
the same, and although the wooden eagle
fell ai 2:30 o'clock in the afternoon, by tne
well-aimed shot of Kins Pape, it marred
not the amusement of those who brought
their lunch baskets well stocked on the
eround for a royal day's enjoyment.
shooting at the National bird was
not enlivened with its usual surroundings,
in consequence of the unfavorable wind
that blew in from the ocean with almost
the violence of a gale and the untimely
taking of it from oh top of the forty-foot
pole upon which it was securely made fast.
The first round of the marksmen saw
the end of what to them seemed the be
ginning of the dav's sport, when Henry
Fniek knpeked off the crown on his first
f-hot, thus st-curing the thst prize after
taut of nis Koyal Highness Fred Pape,
who afterward was made kins of the
Schuetsen Verein for the year ISiMj, the
thirty-seventh anniversary in the reign of
the club.
August Jungblut secured the second
prize by capturing the apple on the first !
V. P. Schuster took down the scepter
and thus won the third prize.
(.'. \Y. Amand aimed for tne right leg.
and got it. and bv so doing secured trie
fourth prize. Tne fifth prize went to J. H.
J. teyd'jn, who secured the eagle's head
- coveted prize. The old veteran
niarksnr.m, who made his name universal
before the bullseye target, Captain John
Jtschig, contented himself with the left
iiyer and ranked as the winner of the
eighth prize.
The downfall of all that was ieft of the
venerable bird ended the clay's sport, so
far as the ruarfr.smen were concerned, and
resulted in j'iaoing the crown on the ven
erable brow of King Fred Pape, who, not
withsiui.ding his three score and more
years, will wear it with becoming dignity
to himself and the honorable society of i
Ban Francisco Schuetzen Verein.
Assembled ou the grounds of Shell
Mound Park yesterday were some vener
able faces. Among them was A. Bahrs,
the father of Superior Judge Bahrs, who
has b^en secretary of the Vereins for the
past sixteen years and one of the pioneer
members of the society, haying joined it
in 1859. Notwithstanding his 66 years of
a-;e he is hale and hearty and can pierce
the center of the bullseye at 200 yards as
well to-day as he could when "he first
joined the Scbuetsen Verien.
The crowning of Kaiser Pape and the
awarding of the prizes to the winners of
the two days' shooting will take place on
next Thursday evening at California Hall.
Day in Each Month for Game,
Sport and Athletic Con
tests.
Contracts for Improvements at the
Presidic — Oregon to B come
the Flagship.
When officers o! the Fifth Artillery now
meet the salutation is, "Have you packed
your trunk for Key West?" There is no
definite informatiou on which to base the
report that the Fifth Artillery will be sent
South, but the troops stationed in the
South land would like to exchange sta
tions **ith the Fifth, and the desire has
been discussed in the army journals.
Well-informed officers at the Presidio give
no credit to the flying rumors. The Fifth
Artillery has been here only six years,
and they regard it as a sure thing that the
regiment will stay four years more.
General Forsyth, commanding the De
partment of California, has issued the fol
lowinp instructions (Paragraph 11, Gen
eral Orders No. 4. May 12, 18%):
Post commanders will set aside one day in
each month, and announce it in orders before
hand, as a recreation day. on which all drills
and ordinary fatigue duties will be suspended
ami the day be devoted to sports and pames
and military und athletic contests. These will
be conduced systematically, morning and aft
ernoon, and officers especially interested will
be detailed to prepare programmes and super-
vise the exercises. Post exchanges should en
courage these exercises by offering prizes ana
providing facilities and apparatus.
Later in the season an effort will be made to
prepare a programme of athletic contests, at
which representatives from the different posts
will be given an opporturity to compete, at
the Presidio.
Colonel A. 8. Kimball, chief quarter
master of this department, his recom
mended to the Quartermaster-General at
Washington the acceptance of the follow
ing bids:
Silas Carle, Sacramento, for building
stable at the Presidio, $16,469; plumbing,
$876.
John W. Murphy, Modesto, filling marsh
at Presidio, 107-fJ cents per cubic yard—
330\000 yards, $.iti,540.
The bids are deemed reasonable and the
bidders responsible.
Colonel Kim ball obtained permission to
expend an additional sum of $1000 to
strengthen the foundation of the stable
site. He received bids at short notice for
a second fill of about 5000 cubic yards,
which the department approved.
Subsequently Colonel Kimball reported:
"An examination of the stable site shows
that the ditch connecting the two parts of
the >lough recently constructed under the
contract of C A. Warren has had the ef
fect of still further draining the stable
site.
"An experiment with forty-five horses
driven over the stable site showed it to
have less vibration and to be tirmer then
it was a mouth ago. While I consider
that there may be some settlement under
the weight of the Btructure, I believe that
with the additional rilling recommended
in my letter of the 7th inst. the foundation
! will be reasonably secure."
Major-General Ruger, commanding the ■
Department of the Bast, has been the first
department eommander to make reply to
the War Department s circular in regard
to the submission of names of officers for
retirement. He recommends the exam-
I ination for retirement of several officers, j
I The names of the oth'cers have not been !
I made public.
There is great curiosity in this depart-
I ment to know the names of the officers
! recommended by General Forsyth for re
tirement.
The report comes from Washington that
Captain Kempff or Phillips will be ap
pointed to succeed Captain Howison as
commandant at Mare Island Navy-yard.
It is announced semi-olhcially that the
j Oregon will become the flagship of the Pa
j cific station.
' The presentation at the Colombia Theater
1 last night of "Miss Haruin Bcarum," a dramatic
I comedy by K. J. Swartz, was witnessed by
i a good bouse. The ulay is based on the deser
' tion of a wife, the abduction of a daughter and
conspiracies to impose a stranger on a dis
; tracted grandfather and Induce him to be
. lieve tnat nhe is the kidnaped child. This
i plot was written to display the ability and
I versatility of Amy Lee and the power of
comedy that is witnin Frank Doane.
In the development of the plot there are
i many opportunities to introduce specialties m
I tlie way of songs and dances. All this pleased
! the audience. Amy Lee, who assumed the
i title role, is a vivacious little actress, with a
i good voice and pleasing ways, who wins the
i audience to her. She hud a good support in
Frank Doane, a fakir, who it* an example of
hard luck, but who, on discovering that
Haruni Scarum (who was his companion in his
travels) is the abducted girl, does his part to
1 restore her to her grandfather. As usual, all
the villains in the play (and there are many of
them) meet their just deserts. It is a play that
; v, ill attract those who want to see something
light and amusing.
Grand Opera-Honse.
The Grand Opera-house was crowded last
night, the attraction being that well-known
historical tragedy, "Jack Cade, or the Bonds
man of Kent." The leading role wag assumed
by Edmund K. Collier, whose rendition of tne
pan waB enjoyed and at>plauded by those who
witnessed- it. Lisle Leigh as Merriamne, the
i wiie of Cade, came in for a good share of the
j applause. The piece was magnificently staged
j and the scenery new and very effective.
The Tivoli Opera-Honse.
"Uncle Tom's Cabin," as an opera, was the
novelty offered at the Tivoli Opera-house last
evening and the novelty possesses consider
able merit. The four epochs in which the
opera is divided gives Mrs. Stowe's world
renowned story, introducing all the principal
events. Some good singing is introduced by
Pache, Hartman, Raffnel. Carrie Roma and
others. There are also several pleasing
{ choruses. William H. West was a good Uncle
! Tom, Little Mildred was particularly pleasing
us Eva and Josephine (iarsman was acceptable
as Topsy, although rather tall for the charac
ter she assumes. A feature was the scene on
I the levee, which gave an onportuuity for the
i introduction of many negro specialties and a
cake walk. The opera is produced with beau
tiful scenery.
Orphenm Music-Hail.
The crowded house at the Orpheum Music
hall last evening in another evidence that peo
ple do not tire of vaudeville. Tne sketch
artist Oarr was true to life in the num
ber he offered, and in which he was assisted by
Miss Jordan, who is really a clever little
artiste. Miss Parry's imitations of celebrities
are careful studies, and the ting-a-lir.g of the
musical bells by Mile. Carrie is interesting and
marvelous. The entire programme is one that
entertains and much of it amuses.
— ■• — ♦ ♦
This morning about 1 o'clock Sigmond
Ix-ihkan, a waiter living at 1637l< Mission
street, tried to commit suicide by severing the
arteries of bis left arm with a knife.
He is about 25 years of age, married and bag
two children. He became desperate through
inability to obtain work. He was taken to the
Receiving Hospital and his wounds were
dressed by Dr. Rinne.
An Overflowing Audience
Greets the Daly
Company.
SOCIETY AT THE DRAMA.
The New Play, " Countess Gucki"
Proves to Be of the Pum
pernickel Order.
IS ALL EXITS AND ENTRANCES.
But the Audience Applauded the Even,
Excellent Acting and the
Smart Lines.
Not since "Trilby" was here has the
Baldwin Theater had such an audience as
it contained last night, to welcome the
Daly company, with Ada Rehan as the
[From her latent photograph.]
star feature of the cast. Every seat was
occupied and chairs were placed wherever
a convenient spot offered for stowing away
a few more admirers of the Daly troupe.
The audience was not so niggardly of its
applause as a house with many dress suit.-,
white gloves and demi-toilettea gener-
ally is.
People were on the verge of evening
dress last night, but they did not follow
the general rule, which is that the more
gorgeously people are arrayed the less
they applaud. On tne contrary, they were
lavish with marks of approbation, and at
the end of the second act tried hard to get
a speech from the management, after call
in^ Ada Reiian before tbe curtain twice.
The play was "CounteBs Gucki," by
Franz von Schnnthan, adapted from the
German by Augustin Daly. It seems al
most a. pity that Mr. Daly took so much
trouble, for "Countess Gucki" is not so
good as the average run of American plays,
and nothing saved it from becoming abso
lutely tedious but the clever acting of the
people who presented it.
The action is supposed to pass at Carls-
bad, about the year 1820 and the atmos
phere is so redolent with small court in
trigue and officialism, that one involun
tarily thinks of "Vanity Fair" and the
chapters on Pumpernickel. Most of the
action is furnished by fexits and entrances,
which are added to by the frequent ap
pearance of servants with trays containing
light refreshments.
If "Countess liucki" ia an authority,
life in Carlsbad in 1820 must have been one
long succession of tea, coffee, buttermilk
and punch.
The plot, such as it is, runs something
in this wise: The very charming Countess,
Hermance Trachau, known to a familiar
few by the nickname of "Guoki," is a
widow who lives with her brother-in-law,
Court Councillor von Mittersteig, who has
held for forty years his court position,
when he has only had to hold up a stove
and twirl his thumbs.
His wife Clementina rules the roost and
pulls wires in court circles to keep her
husband from losing his job. Just why
James Lewis and Mrs. G. H. Gilbert
should have made up to look like octoge
narians is beat known to themselves.
They played the rolea of the councilor
and'his wife admirably, but it spoiled the
the illusion to *ee them looking like the
great-grand parents of their charming
dau»nter Lilli, who did not seem a day
over 18.
The court councillor does what is really
a very undignified thing for a man in his
exalted position outside of comic opera —
he lets roomB, with board, though it is but
fair to state that the subject of terms is
never mentioned between him and hia
roomers. A fascinating Russian officer,
Bruno von Nuchoff, who has seen Gucki
and Lilli at the theater and fallen in love
with them both, takes advantage of the
"rooms to let" to storm the citadel of the
councillor's home. Lilli receives his ad
vances with shrinking timidity, for she
has already bestowed her youthful affec
tions on her cousin Frederick, a sort of
Austrian edition of 'Cousin Modus," who
never tells his love, but "lets concealment,
etc."
Gucki, who needless to say i» a fascinat
ing creature in the hands of Ada Kehau,
flouts for her part the attentions of young
Von Nuchoff. She laug+is at him, teasea
him, leads him on and bluffs him off, in a
way which piques interest, and finally
Mibdues him. And all this time Gucki,
who is a widow and should have had her
eyes wide open, never knows that Von
Xuchoff has also been making love to her
dear little niece Lilli.
In this condition of affairs an addition
to the dramatis personte appears in tbe
| person of General Suvaiseheff of the Rus-
I s-ian army, uncle to Von Nuchoff and an
old and constant admirer of Gucki's.
Edwin Stevens played this part well,
though he made a mistake in talking his
English lines with an Italian accent,
because the general was supposed to be a
.Russian-speaking German. That is only
a detail, however, rftevens played the role
of tbe elderly, rheumatic lover without
making his constancy ridiculous; indeed,
there was a touch of genuine pathos in his
rendering of the role, for, needless to say,
he lost and his nephew won in the game
for Gucki's affections.
"CounteSS Guoki" affords good oppor
tunities to Ada Itehan, but it does not
show her at her best. The role of the
witty, sarcabtic, capricious and flirtatious
countess is altogether charming as she
plays it, but one charming woman is not
enough to make a play. None of the
other roles show any particular talent for
character drawing on the part of the
author, though the even excellence of the
company's acting covered a multitude of
sins— or rather infirmities— which with an
inferior cast would certainly have been
discovered by the audience and laid at
Von Senonthan's door.
It waa a treat indeed to see such a good
all-round cast. Charles Richraan, as
Von Nuehoff, was dashing, heroic and
natural, but he showed too much fondness
for exhibiting his teeth. Thej are beauti
ful teeth, it is _ true, but the stage
is not a dentist's showcase. Miss
Uolma Nelson was refreshing, sweet
and graceful as the ingenue Lilli
and Sidney Hubert made a good Cousin
Leopold, the bashful youth who, with
some extraneous assistance, finally suc
ceeded in making his love known, without,
however, telling it. Miss Alethe Craig was
winning in the little role of Rosa, the
maid, and her father, Commanaer Craig
of the Concord, watched the young actress
from the audience with justifiable pride.
The programmes informed the audience
that the costumes were historically cor
rect, and not a few women aud all the
men who read the note thanktd their
lucky stars that they did not live in 1819.
Fancy wearing such headgear as Ada
Rehan wore, and worse still, fancy sitting
behind it at the theater.
"Countess Gucki," in spite of its lack of
plot, has some bright lines in the dia
logue, which caused many a laueh last
night. The play will be repeated to-night
and to-morrow night.
The California Theater.
There was a reproduction at the California
Theater of Hoyt's musical trifle "A Trip
Through Chinatown," and its many amusing
features were witnessed by a fairly good audi
ence. This play is so well known that It is not
necessary to describe it. Harry Connor was
unusually good in the character of Wellaud
Strung, the man with one foot in the grave,
and Miss Sadie McDonald as Flirt, Mr*, (.uyer's
French maid, was an excellent portrayal of
that character. George Beane was very ac
ceptable as Ben Gay, and the other characters
were sustained by members of Hoyt's com
pany, who have helped to make the trifle all
that is claimed lor it.
John G. Woolley's Eloquent
Address at Metropoli
tan Temple.
WIT, HUMOR AND SATIRE
Christian Citizenship Defined by
the Great Temperance
Orator.
STIRRING WORDS OF FAITH.
Church People Taken Sharply to
Task for Their Alleged In.
consistencies.
Though the keynote of the talk of John
Q. Woolley lust night at Metropolitan
Hall was upon prohibition, there was not
a dry period in his two hours' discourse.
He proved himse-lf a clever master, not
only of his subject but of the English
lancuane. When he was not witty or
humorous he was scathingly satirical or
beseechingly eloquent, and he even made
silence impressively answer his needs
when he spoke of the crack of a rifle being
heard for thousands of yards and silence
making itself manifest even to incalcul
able distances, and then dramatically
pausing to make his point manifest.
He has a distinct YanKee accent which
comes out 6harply in his pronunciation of
"neow," and his unusual vocabulary of
polite English is brought by the use of
slang in appropriate places as a clever
foil.
Dr. Dille in introducing the speaker of
the evening said the banner borne by
Finch, Fisk and Yough had now fallen
into equally noble hands. He compared
Mr. Woolley's part in prohibition to that
of Wendell Phillips in emancipation.
Mr. Woolley dived right into the heart
of hi3 subject, which was "Christian
Citizenship."
He stated that the liquor traffic had to
die before any great moral retorm could
be accomplished.
"There are good people," he said, "even
now who would apologize for human
slavery, but there is no one prepared to
6tand up for the liquor traffic. This
trytlic," he continued, "will continue so
long as the powers in authority grant the
right to engage in it for s<o much here and
a little more there, according to the sup
posed value of what the bribe should be 10
permit of public morals being debauched,
"Power, ' he declared, "was what was
needed and this will come only when vou
have the spirit of the Holy Ghost with
you. This will give you Christian citizen
ship. You will not get Christian citizen
ship when the RepuDlicans again resume
the reins of Government, you will not cet
it when the Democrats turn the Republi
can rascals out. Oh. no. Nc will you get
it when the ProbiDition party secures con
trol of the Government. It will only come
as I said, when you have the spirit of the
Holy Ghost."
A license law he defined as a drop of
prohibition in an ocean of permission and
said that this team of truth and falsehood
was as awkward a one as was ever hitched
up.
Township prohibition he denounced as
a pelfish thing, as it allowed the liquor
traffic to flourish everywhere else without
any attempt to check or eradicate it.
"Ninety-five to ninety-eight per cent of
the Christians," he said, "were trying to
ride the two horees of prohibition-religion
and license-politics at the *ame time»
'Whenever the Christian voter begins
to u*e his power as well as to feel it, he
announced," he will make things hum po
litically. I don't expect that the prohibi
tory party will win as It is now organized.
The measnre of the power of the church in
this cause is best testified to by the num
ber of ballots it casts.
"When it comes to voting the politician
does not care whether you are a Baptist or
a bum, whether you are gifted in elo
quence or fluent in profanity, whether you
I teach a Sunday-school or run afarobaiik."
He admonished his hearers and church
people generally not to pay heed to what
the effect of vatinc for the prohibition of
the liquor traffic would have, or any of the
political parties, but to vote as they felt
! they were called upon to do by God.
Continuing he said:
"The time has come when a Christian
must be aa true to the church as the
liquor man is to the saloon. I do not
mi an to ask you to vote the Prohibition
ticket, but I want you to vote for a party
that will bring about what we desire, and
if there is no party for you to vote with
let us make one.
"It is none of your business what yonr
neighbors do — you must vote in the way
you know to be right.
"When a great church meets and says
it is going out of dirty politics it should ro
out of dirty politics, yet nine-tenths of the
church-goers go to the polls and vote the
! Republican or Democratic tickets, while
: they entirely ignore the question of the
liquor traffic."
In an assumed tone of congratulation he
said: "I am glad to be able to say that as
j much as 20 per cent of the Christian min
j isters had clean hands in this matter,
which is 18 per cent more than the church
going layman can show. It is simply a
case of pious insolvency trying to fight the
aolvent and united liquor traffic.
"There are 6,000,000 Christian men who
walk straight before God 364 days in the
year, but on the three hundred and sixty
fifth they turn their backs on God, that he
may be "crowned with thorns by the dirty
politicians, and the politician cannot tefl
the difference between the Christian man
ami the saloon-keeper on election day."
At the conclusion of his address Judge
Thompson spoke a few words exhorting
those who called themselves Christians to
be consistent and vote as they pray, but if
they couldn't do this then he begged them
instead of praying to clo6e the saloons and
voting to keep them open, to pray to keep
them open and vote to keep them closed.
The Fraternity of Hotel and Restaurant
Employes met last night at the Turk-street
I Temple, B. Kreger in the chair. The ball
committee through its chairman, C. E.
Getz, reported progress. Several new
members were initiated. The following
speakers addressed the union: Theodore
Lynch of the Central Trade and Labor
Alliance, Henry Warnecke of the Cigar
makers' union, Eugene Brown of the
Journeymen Butchers' Association and
Frank Wattie and B. Krieger of the fra
ternity.
Judge Low got a lesson in Chinese customs
yesterday morning which led him to disiuis
the case of Chin How, charged with having
lottery tickets in his possession. When the
ease was called a letter was handed the Judpe
from the Chinese Consul which stated that
Chin How was employed to pick up bits of
printed paper in Chinatown, as printed matter
of any kind was held in great reverence by the
Chinese, who considered it barbarous for it to
be blown about the street. It was accordingly
picked up and burned and the ashes were
deemed sacred. Chin How had picked up some
worthless lottery tickets, which led 10 his
arrest.
56
®» * .Amu *^
CHARLES M. SHORTRIDQE,
Editor and Proprietor.
SUBSCRIPTION RATES-Postage Free:
Daily and Sunday Call, one week, by carrier.. $0.15
Daily and Sunday Call, one year, by mall 6.00 '
Dally and Sunday Call, six months, by mall.. 3.00
Daily and Sunday Call, three months by mail 1.50
Dally and Sunday Call, one month, by mall.. .65
Sunday Call, one year, by mail • 1-50
Weikly Call, one year, by mall l»50
THE SUMMER MONTHS.
Are you going to the country on a vacation? If
■o, It Is no trouble for us to forward THE CALL to
your address. Do not let it miss you for you will
miss it. Ordors giren to the carrier or left at
Business Office will receive prompt attention.
NO EXTRA CHAKGK.
BUSINESS OFFICE:
710 Market Street,
San Francisco, California.
Telephone Main—
EDITORIAL ROOMS:
617 Clay Street.
Telephone Na!n-1874
BRANCH OFFICES:
530 Montgomery street, corner Clay: open until
9:30 o'clock.
339 Hayes street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
713 Larkln street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
6W. corner Sixteenth and Mission streets; open
■mil 9 o'clock.
2618 Mission street; open until 9 o'clock.
116 Ninth street; open until 9 o'clock.
OAKLAND OFFICE I
W)8 Broadway.
EASTERN OFFICE:
Booms 81 »nd 32, 84 Park Bow, New York City.
DAVID M. FOLTZ, Special Agent.
TUESDAY MAY 19. 1896
THE CALL 5PEAK5 FOR ALL.
The Democratic bird this year is a bat.
Charity in Kansas has to hustle to keep
up with the cyclones.
>
Chicago keeps right along saying noth
ing about her convention.
Until the coronation festivities are over
the Czar will be a famous man.
A Russian coronation seems to have as
many side shows to it as a world's exposi
tion.
Before this thing is over St. Louis will be
disputing Boston's claim to be the hub of
the universe.
The Chicago convention will care little
who bolts so long as it can get a nominee
who will stick.
The Democratic tariff has turned the
American market into a regular swill tub
for the British hog.
The festival movement is getting along
lively enough to jog everybody's mind a
little and set it thinking.
If dark horses have any show at St.
Louis, it might be a good thing to make a
ticket of Lincoln and Grant.
San Francisco should do her share in
making the Monterey celebration worthy
of the name of a State festival.
The more we read of Eastern weatner
the more we are pleased that the wino.
over there blows ihe other way.
The pipes McNab has been laying for
Democratic harmony may be pretty good
bac pipes, but they are out of tune.
The talk of an early adjournment of
Congress seems to have no other effect
than that of prolonging the session.
If the Kansas prophet who predicted
six cj'clones this year had the thing to do
over again lie would make it a dozen.
While the Senate keeps Congress to
gether the House has a chance to get in
some good work for the Nicaragua canal.
Cleveland seems determined to maKe a
funeral procession out of Democracy this
vear if he has to ride in the hearse him
self.
Europe has already begun to declare
itself against the Ft. Louis nominee, and
all America will have to rally to his sup
port.
Every Republican club in the State
should get ready to make a big showing at
the ratification of the St. I^ouis nomina
tions.
Carlisle's letters follow one another
thick and fast, but they will never know
how numerous they are. They don't
count.
It will cost the Russians about as much
to crown the Czar as it will cost ns to elect
a President, and they wcn't have half as
much fun.
It is a pity we cannot annihilate time
as well as the Democrats and have an ad
ministration of prosperity without wait
ing so long.
There is no longer a Democratic party.
Its place has been taken by a Cleveland
gang on the inside and a host of bickers
on the outside.
If General Weyler ever treat9 an Ameri
can tilibuster as a pirate it will be time for
us to treat him as a bandit and hunt him
out of this hemisphere.
The wind in California drives malaria
away from our homes, but over in the
Mississippi Valley it blows the homes
away from the malaria.
England and Germany make up to one
another for their quarrels over Africa by
heartily agreeing that American markets
should be open to both of them.
The gold stringency has undoubtedly
developed the mining industry, but un
fortunately it has run enterprise into the
ground in more ways than that.
There will be no objection from any
quarter in this country if the immigration
restriction bill should be rushed through
Congress in Speaker Reed's most vigorous
style.
Until the debts of the Pacific roads have
been paid or the mortgage foreclosed we
shall never be safe from the funding
scheme. It is one of the weeds that never
die until dragged out by the roots.
The poldbu? Democrats consider the
silver Democrats aa cattie affected with
tuberculosis and propose to slaughter them
at Chicago, but instances have been known
in this world where the cattle killed the
butchers.
The Lebigh Valley Kail road Company,
which has just attained its fiftieth year,
was organized to construct what was in
tended to be a strictly local road, but self
preservation compelled it to extend its
lines from time to time until now it con
trols 2490 miles of track. That is the way
things grow in this country when enter
prising men have charge of them.
Tne tariff question belong", in fact,
wholly in the realm of political economy.
It is something in which all the people
should take interest independent of party
affiliation. Of course there are, or rather
there can be made to appear to be two
sides to the tariff question, as there are to
every other question, hut it cannot be con
sidered and analyzed intelligently ur.til it
is freed from the environment of party
prejudice. The philosophy of protection
is clear and explicit in what it teaches,
leaving no room for doubt as to its pur
pose when it reaches the iield of practical
operation. Politicians have dragged the
question into the whirlpool of partisan
politics and party strife, which only De
littles it.
The principles of protection have always
stood foremost in the long list of complex
and perplexing economic problems in all
countries. Moreover, the degree of pro
tection as a whole, and which articles of
commerce should stand first in the Gov
ernment's favor has always been a source
of contention, but the right of each nation
to determine for itself what is best for its
producers has never been questioned. In
the United States the tariff problem is
made unnecessarily ilillieult of proper so
lution by reason of its close Identification
with party politics in the first instance,
and second by a lack of appreciation on
the part of the people of the real purpose
of tariff legislation. This is due mainly,
if not altogether, to the intensity of varty
strife for supremacy, which dwarfs those
things that are essential to the country's
commercial and industrial expansion.
Thirty-five years ago the United States
were wholly or practically so an agricul
tural country. In 1SG1 circumstances gave
opportunity to lay the foundation for in
dustrial enterprises and at the same time
further encourage the production of bread
stuffs and provisions. This was notdonefor
party advantage, for the now departure of
the Government, which was then under
the lirst Republican administration, was
seconded and heartily supported by the
best thought of all parties. How wise and
how conducive to the general good of the
country that policy was is shown in the
increase in the material wealth of the
country from about fifteen billion dollars
in 1801 to about seventy billion dollars in
1S96. And it may be said, nltnough the
people know it to be true without remind
ing them of it, that such universal partici
pation by the people individually in a
country's growth in wealth was never be
fore witnessed in the world.
It is evident, therefore, that if the appli
cation of the principles of protection lias
added nearly fifty-five billion dollars to
the individual wealth of tne people in a
little over a third of a century it would be
an act of supreme folly to return to an
economic theory of government that re
quired eighty-live years to accumulate not
much more than one-fourth of that sum,
it is an economic principle and not a mere
party policy that should be the uppermost
in the approaching Presidential campaign,
and it is because the Republican party
champions this tried and not found want
ing economic doctrine of individual wealth
gathering that the people should rally to
its support. The election of a President
next November is purely a business prop
osition.
Undoubtedly the St. Louis convention
will declare for the coinage of silver dol
lars, but whether at the old ratio of 1G to
1, or at a ratio that shall be agreed upon
by tin international convention, remains
to be seen. The importance cf a bimetallic
monetary system for this country is ad
mitted, bat there are honest differences of
opinion as tu how the desired end can best
be reached.
It is admitted by students generally of
the science of political economy that gold
is inadequate to the demands of com
merce for redemption money, and since
silver is th« only metal by which gold can
be supplemented, the logic of the situa
tion is that the sooner the mints are
opened to that metal the better it will be
for all interest?.
The argument of gold-standard advo
cates that the existing difference in the
bullion value of gold and silver is a bar to
silver coinage ai the old ratio is fallacious,
because neither history nor experience
affirms that theory. If a larger volume of
currency is needed, which is admitted, it
follows that the coinage of silver as redemp
tion money would promptly put the two
metals on a parity up to the lull require
ments of commerce, and that if that point
were overreached and a permanent
plethora of money maintained, the pur
chase power of both metals would be
weakened in equal proportion.
The question of a proper financial sys
tem has nothing whatever to do with sen
timent. The requirements of the busi
ness operations of the people are a de
mand for an ample volume of money of re
demption, and it is the business of the
Government to see that there is an ample
volume. That there is not enough gold to
provide such a volume no one doubts.
Now does any well-informea person be
lieve that the association of both metals
under such circumstances would tend to
appreciate or depreciate either one of
them.
It is illogical to say that if gold is re
enforced by silver or silver re-enforced by
gold to accomplish a purpose that either
one alone would be unequal to, the associ
ation would strengthen one and weaken
the other. The fact is the association of
the two metals in the work of providing a
sufficient volume of money of redemption
would necessarily place them upon a
parity, for they would have to be inter
changeable by the very nature of the rela
tion they sustain, the one toward tlirf
other.
It is of no consequence whatever what
the difference niay be in the commodity
vaiue of gold and silver, for as commodi
ties they serve widely different purposes.
They are simply as so much of this or
that nierchantaole thing, but v; hen asso
ciated together as money of redemption
by command of the Government at a ratio
of purchase and redemption fixed by
authority they are bound by the work as
signed to them to lean the one upon the
other and be as one in the performance of
that which they were assigned to perform.
Congress will disappoint vast commer
cial and industrial interests if it adjourns
without taking definite or at least en
couraging action on the question of the
construction of a connecting way between
the Atlantic and Pacific oceans. It is no
doubt true that the Bentiment of the
people of the United Stales is opposed to
the Government becoming a copartner
in private or quasi public business enter
prises, but the more the Nicaragua canal
project is discussed and the better its
meaning to the trade interests of this
country is understood the more satisfied
the public is that the canal should not
only be constructed, but that it should bt
wholly an American venture.
Those who are directly the promoters
and the sustainers of our commerce have
been agreed for a long time that it is
highly important to the whole country
that a water route be estabiished between
the Pacific Coast country and the commer
cial centers on the Atlantic coast and in
the Mississippi Valley, and now that the
Nicaragua survey demonstrates that that
is the most feasible line for connecting the
two oceans there is no reason why con
struction work should be long delayed;
and, again, the importance of having the
canal wholly under the control and in
fluence of the commerce of the United
States is so great that it would seem not
only wise but prudent for us to possess
ourselves of the necessary right of way
and concessions without further delay.
The importance of this enterprise to the
Pacific Coast generally, buc especially to
San Francisco, is creat beyond computa
tion. A shorter water route, such as the
proposed Nicaragua cunal would provide,
between this State and Gulf of Mexico and
Atlantic Ocean markets, as well as cheaper
and more rapid means of water communi
cation with Europe, is one of California's
most pressing needs. There is no doubt
whatever as to the advantages that would
accrue to our trade and traffic. The in
crease in volume would be great at once,
and it would steadily grow. This is ob
vious because the eanal would create new
business and not merely force a division
of existing traffic with the transconti
nental rail lines, as some suppose. There
are very many articles of commerce that
are not able to bear the cost of rail trans
portation, but which would immediately
become desirable iteni3 of trade inter
change if they could be moved at the low
rate that would satisfy the canal route.
To be sure, there are those who look upon
all great enterprises with the eye of the
pessimist, but they should not be listened
to now any more than they were when the
proposition to construct transcontinental
lines of railways was under discussion.
California is very much in need of a canal
to connect the two oceans, and California
is very much in earnest in her effort to
secure the construction of such a water
way.
It is quite natural that the people of
this country should take a lively interest
in the coronation of the young Emperor
and Empress of Russia. Of course we
have no sympathy with such a system of
Government as the Czar stands for; but
from the very beginning of our Nation
Russia has shown the greatest friendship
for us and our institutions, and upon at
least one occasion gave such emphatic
demonstrations ol good-will that England
refrained from giving contemplated aid
and comfort of a substantial character to
the Southern Confederacy, It cannot be
said that the Government of Russia has
any notion of adopting the American
theory of the sovereignty of the people,
but the rulers of that country have always
held that any kind of a government other
than an ultra-autocratic or an ultra-repub
lican form was a humbug.
How far the young Czar will go in insti
tuting relorms no one can tell, as the Em
perors of Russia are not in the habit of
asking advice; but it is reported that the
Emperor will taKe advantage of the occa
sion of his being crowned to proclaim a
policy that will be a great departure from
the old stiff and unprogressiveroad his pre
decessors traveled. It i«> said that he will
declare that the empire must get upon a
broader and more aggressive plane of ad
vancement, and that greater political
rights must be granted to the people- If
he shall honestly nnd truly enter upon
a patn that is abreast of the civilization of
the day no doubt his more than 100,000,000
subjects will prove themselves to be en
tirely worthy of the conlidance he reposes
in their loyalty to his Government and
devotion to the best interests of the em
pire. It is said that the new Czar is de
sirous of encouraging the introduction of
all new inventions and machinery that are
calculated to aid in the development of his
country, and to do whatever else may
be necessary to make the Rui-sian empire
the first nation of the world in agriculture
and in manufacture — and iu soldiers.
If Senator Vest and other bimetallic
leaders of the Democratic party can be be
lieved they will bolt and do their level
best to defeat the Chicago Convention's
nominee unless he is fully committed to
the free coinage of silver at the old ratio.
It will make no difference to the Republi
can party whether there is a split or not at
Chicago, for only an insane man would
believe that a Democrat could be elected
President this year. It is interesting to
note, however, the muddle into which
Cleveland's intimacy with Wall street has
plunged his party.
It is no doubt true that Vest and other
Western and Southern leaders are sincere
in their advocacy of the remonetization of
silver, but it is very plain that their hatred
of Cleveland has more to do with their
threat to bolt the party than political con
sistency. It did not take Cleveland long
to impress upon the minds of Vest and
other leaders who thought they had
strings hitched to the President that when
they attempted to volunteer advice [heir
room was very much more desirable than
their company in the White House, and
right there is where will be found the
inner meaning of this war upon every
shape and kind of Clevelandism.
Every act of Cleveland proves that Vice-
President llendricks knew his man well
when he said, before Cleveland was inau
gurated in 1js85, that Cleveland was schem
ing to control the party in his own per
sonal interest indefinitely. No doubt the
i>arty will be split wide open at Chicago.
A Cleveland organ, referring to the Vest
faction, sum? up the whole matter this
way: We have once before said that the
Democratic party is now like a herd of cat
tle some of which have tuberculosis. Tney
will communicate it to all unless the in
fected are picked out and slaughtered.
The Democratic party must do as wise
men do with their infected herds. They
slaughter the last one of the infected ani
mals, and the Democratic party must offer
the free silver contingent the option of
mending their ways or being given up.
We cannot afford to have them poisoning
the rank and tile any longer.
Stockton Graphic.
The next long step toward affluence which
the people of California should take should be
to fall into line with ClauH Spreckels and go
to raising sugar beets. Mr. Spreckels has ac
cumulated millions ot dollars by properly siz
ing up conditions and improving opportuni
ties, hence his judgment on any question, and
especially the sugar-beet question, should be
taken and acted upon without unnecessary
delay. He says this State is capable of export
ing annually $50,000,000 worth of beet sugar.
The industry should be fostered by every aid
possible. __^_________
Crockett Record.
The Call of San Francisco is now called
"the lady's paper," because it has come ont
boldly in favor of granting women the right to
vote.
Stockton Graphic.
San Francisco Republicans consider the vic
tory of John D. Spreckels a local party tri
umph and say that boss domination is killed.
S. R. Bill, one of the wealthy gray-bearded
pioneers of Deer Lodge County, Mont., and for
a long time a resident of Deer Lodge, is at the
Russ.
Mr. Bill ig a mine-owner and cattle and
sheep raiser. He has been in that part of
Montana since 1SG5. For three or lour years
past he has been living about half of each year
at Los Angeles, where he has property. As it
ie, his home is nearly as much in California as
in the new distant northern State.
The wealthy Montana pioneer has been suf
fering for some time from the effects of the
grip. He says the winters of the mountain re
gion are too cold for him, and that he had to
get out and come to California, or "go to Davy
Jones' locker," as he tersely expresses it.
He cays an era of what appears to be sub
stantial prosperity has dawned upon the upper
Kccky Mountain country.
"Livestock of all kinds had so easy a win
ter," he eaid. "Cattle and sheep have thriven
in a wonderful way. There was not much
snow, still there was enough to furnish water
and good grass. I think there ought to be
plenty of money in Montana this year. Kvery
thing points to a reasonable amount of it, at
least.
"There have been many people from Mon
tana in different parts oJ California this win
ter, but nearly all have go;;e home. Many of
them own property in California, and all those
are especially attracted to the Golden State."
R. C. Terry of Claytou is at the Lick.
George W. Kimmer of Seattle Iihs arrived
here.
\V. W. Child of Montana is among recent
arrivals.
William Sims, a merchant of Winters, Is at
the Russ.
W. Foriyth, the raisin-grower, of Fresno, is
in the City.
\V. J. Gurney, a business man of Redlands, is
in the City.
William H. Harvey of Edinburgh, Scotland, is
at the Paiace.
John M. Griffin of Madera is a guest at
the Cosmopolitan.
M. W. Alexander of Bodie, who is inter
ested in mines there, is in this City.
G. McM. Ross, a mining man whose resi
dence is at Petalunia, is at the Kuss.
James E. Nelson, a wealthy business man of
Grand Forks, N. l>uk., is at the Grand.
Sam Davis, editor of the Carson Appeal, ar
rived here yesterday and is at the Occidental.
Ben M. Maddox. editor and proprietor of the
Visalia Times, is among the arrivals at the
Lick.
Robert M. Mappes, managing editor of the
Stockton Mail, is on a visit to friends in this
City.
Charles F. McGlashan, the attorney and
editor, of Truckee, is among the arrivals at the
Rnss.
B. Puyoma, a prominent merchant of Prinre
ton, N. J., en route to China, is Staying at the
Cosmopolitau.
Mrs. Clara Shortridge-Foltz, the brilliant
attorney of New York, is here on a flying visit
to relatives and friends.
Count Xota of Hungary, who has keen at
the Palace for several days, accompanied by a
party of friends, yesterday took bis departure
for the East.
Thomas P. Cossrave and wife of Madera are
visiting friends in this City. Mr. Cosgrave was
for several years until recently editor of the
Daily Madera Mercury.
N. A. Covarrubias of Los Angeles, United
States Marshal for the Southern District of Cal
ifornia, is at the l'alact', accompanied by
Edward Ryan, of Los Angeles.
Messrs. 1>. H. Bayly, GeOfge Cook and ?.
Baboyn, delenatea to the late State Conven
tion held of Christian Endeavorers at San Jose,
are registered at tho Cosmopolitan.
The Rev. W. B. Xoble of the Presbyterian
church of ?nn Kafael will leave to-day lor
Glasgow, Scotland, us a delegate to the Prii-
Presbyterian convention that is to meet there
on t.":o 14th of June.
E. H. Hinton, the local general agent of the
Panama Railroad Company, has returned to
this City alter six weeks' absenre, spent In in
vestigating the traffic situation of the Central
American republics in relation to the Panama
Railroad.
Among the arrivals here by the last steamer
fromKorea was Leigri Hunt, formerly of Iowa,
where he was president of the State Agricul
tural College, and afterward of Seattle, where
he becume editor and proprietor of the Seattle
Post-Intelligencer. Mr. Hunt finally sold the
paper and has since been in the Orient. He is
going to Washington ana New York in a clay
or two.
NKW YORK, N\ y., May IS.— At the Bt
Cloud— J. McDonougti. Westminster— W. At
terhouse. St. Denis— L. Grace. Marlborough—
Mr. and Mrs. C. Hirsch. Sailed per steamship
Havel for Bremen via Southampton — Carl
Brann, Mrs. Griffith, Mrs. Emma Grappe, Miss
Helena Urappe, K. Henermann, Adolf Josio, F.
H. C. Junker, Mrs. Marie Junker, Miss Clara
Mietaff, Mr. and Mrs. H. Pfotenhauer.
Redlands Citrograph.
The Republican party of San Bernardino is
honored by the appointment of J. A. Whit
more, the industrious editor of the Times-
Index, as a member ot tne State Central Com
mittee. He will be a willing and able worker
in the committee, and the interests of the Re
tmblican party will be m safe hands. Besides,
the editorial fraternity should be recognized
Dy the party, and we rejoice on that account.
Tuolumne independent.
"The charge is made, says the Fresno Weekly
Republican, that the Sail Francisco Call was
brought Into the Southern Pacific political cor
ral by force of circumstances which arose in
tae late State Convention. The Republican
does not believe the report, but the course o*
The Call will be the beat answer to the
charge."
Quite true. The Examiner, however, which
makes this charge, knowing how severely it
has suffered over that Southern Pacific "World's
Fair contract, thinks to deceive its duped
clients, etc., Dy withdrawing attention from
itself by charging The Call with an offense
similar to that which it stands convicted of.
It won't do, however. The Call's honesty is a
maiter of positive proof, and the Examiner's
charge will only serve to act as a boomerang
on itself.
Lemoore Radical.
Xow that the San Francisco Call and the
Republican party has declared for -woman's
suffrage the Democrats might as well fall in
line and make i; unanimous.
.Salinas Owl.
The entire press of California, with few ex-
ceptions, has come out uncquivocp.lly in favor
of woman's suffrage. There Rrc a few papers,
however, who, iike some men, ridicule the
Idea of women voting, still at heart these jour
nals are in favor of graining them that privi
lege. There is a certain amount of cowardice,
or bashfulnrss, or whatever you may call it,
that prevents them from giving expression to
their thoughts, and thus we tind many men
who are to-day holding hack tneir expressions
in behalf of woman suffrage simply because
they think it an unpopular idea and do not
want to express tbeniselvf ■? favorably because
they are afraid of being laughed at, but all
this will change In time.
StocKton Graphic.
When The Call says it "speaks for all 1 ' it
means it, including woman suffragists. The
women will not find in this State, nor any
other for that matter, a more potent, consist
ent or indefatigable champion.
A survivor of the Grande Armee, Joseph Rose,
has just died at Aubi^ny, near Bourges, at the
age of 102 years. lie entered the army at 18,
became a corporal, and received the St. Helena
medal.
Secretary Lamont has leased a cottage at
Pcabright, N. J., for the summer, and Mrs. La
mont and her young daughters will be com
fortably settled there before the advent of the
warm weather.
Mr. BalfOOT, who plays golf for amnsement
and not in the spirit 01 a professional, does not
San Franciscans who are fond of mounfcain-climbing-something like a hundred of them
are preparing to visit Crater Mountain in Oregon for the purpose of adding to their stock of
mountain lore. The majority of the ladies and gentlemen who are to mate this pilgrimage
are more or less conversant with scientific matters, and it is in the direction of fosteriuK an
intelligent study of Pacilio Coast topography that the visitation is to be undertaken The
accompanying engraving represents a scene in Anna Creek Canyon, near Crater Mountain
This noted mountain lies some eighty-five miles from Ashland, Or., in the Cascade range"
Crater Lake is held in the hollow of the crater, 6000 feet above the level of the sea. The high
est point on the bank is 2200 feet higher. The lake is 2200 feet deep, so that the depth of the
crater is 4400 feet. The lake has no visible outlet nor inlet. The lowest depth of water near
the shore is 1003 feet. At one point a rock may be dropped 1000 feet in the water where it
will strike, and bounding will fall 1200 feet more. There is an island in the lake on the north
western side which rises 845 feet above the water. The island is itself an extinct volcanic
cone. At a point half a mile east of the island the water is 2200 feet deep, making the island
rise from the depths of the crater over 3000 feet. Compared with other craters of extinct vol
canoes its altitude, depth and area, it is tne greatest known.
pretend to be a great performer, though he has
written a chapter in the Badminton book on
golf. For a long time it wag almost his only
amusement, but he has now taken to cycling.
If Abdul Hamid Khan, Sultan of Turkey,
should lose his job he could probably get
work as a cowboy. lie has a stable of 2000
horses, and he can break a dozen glass vases
with & revolver while galloping past them.
The Marchioness of Drocheda, whose death
is announced, was a leader of fashion in her
day. She was the only peeress frequenting re
ceptions in Dublin Castle who resolutely and
consistently refused to allow herself to be
kissed by a Lord Lieutenant at the vice- regal
drawing-room reception.
A tiny brooklet lightly flowed,
A gleaming silver thread,
That smiled despite the sun that glowed
So fiercely overhead.
Alas, that little laughing rill
Can bring no joy to me:
For, just the same, I'll get a bill
For the ice it used to be.
_ —Washington Star.
"The giraffe has a tonguo eighteen inches
long," said Mrs. Garrill.
"And knows how to hold it, too," snapped
Mr. Garrill, who had had a long curtain lecture
the night before.— Harper's Bazaar.
She colored deeply.
A girl in an ordinary story would have
blushed red.
But she was in a problem story with poster
illustrations.
Accordingly, in view of the uncertainty, she
merely colored.— Detroit Tribune.
"Don't you know it is wrong to fish here on
private grounds?"
"Well, sir, the line must be drawn some*
where."— Yonker Statesman.
"It is my firm conviction," said the stork as
it gulped down a fro?, "that the greenbacks
should be retired."— Life.
A Bad Time of Year.— "Hasn't Mr. Simpkins
proposed yet, daughter?" "No, mamma, I
can't get him to talk about anything but base
balk"—Chicago Record.
Lithographers— Subscribers, City. In San
Francisco expert lithographers, those who
draw on stone, are paid $G0 a week.
Seven Yeabs— R. H. S., City. The answer to
your question appeared in "Answers to Cor
respondents" on the '2t>th of last April.
The Durrani Trial— A. P., Central Point,
Jackson County, Or. Up to date the trial of
Theodore Durrant has cost the people about
$lt>,000. -* ■■•■'. i-
Eddie Foy— E. R. \V., City. Eddie Foy, come
dian, never was with Francis Wilson who pro
duced "The Lion Tamer" and "The Merry
Monarch."
Imbep.'8 Magazine — G. JD. S., Forbcstown,
Butte County, Cal. The magazine which Pro
fessor Imber says he issues is published in the
city of Boston.
The Port Wardens— E. McM.. City. The
Port Wardens recently appointed by Governor
Budd entered upon the discharge ot the duties
on the 1st of last April.
To Houston— R. G. F., Santa Cruz, CaL There
are but two classes of passengers from San
Francisco to Uoufton, Tex., first and second
class. The fare is $50 and $±0.
General Weyler—G. H., Angel Island, Cal.
General Weyler was born on one of the Balearic
Isles, off the coast of Valencia, a Spanish prov
ince; consequently he is a Spaniard.
Eye Teeth— A. S.. City. If a child cuts its
eye teeth before cutting its front teeth it is a
sign that the child is very precocious. That
child is evidently old enough to understand
things and wants people to know that he is Dot
going to be imposed upon.
The Postoffice— P. H. S.,City. The main
entrance to the Postofflce in this City is on
Washington street, as that is the one through
which the majority of people pass who have
business in that department. The main
entrance to the Custom-house is on Battery
street.
General Gomez— R. G. F., Santa Cruz, Cal.
The address of General Gomez is Havana, but
your chances of having a letter sent by mail
reach him are exceedingly small unless your
letter should happen to fall into the hands of a
sympathizer who would see that it reached
him.
A Coward's Act— L. M. B., Beuicia, Cal. This
correspondent is anxious to ascertain the name
of the author oi a piece of poetry, the first line
of which is:
It is * coward's act to shoot at one lUat can't resist.
Can any reader of this department furnish it?
The Pope and Davis— S., Winnemucea, Xev.
At one tfme Pope Pius IX wrote a letter to
Jefferson Davis, in which he expressed a hope
that the strife between the North and the
South might terminate, and in closing used
the words usually employed, and by gome this
was interpreted to mean a blessing on Jeffer
son I»avis. It is probable that it is that to
which you refer in your communication. This
department cannot learn that there was any
unusuul desertion on account of this letter.
Freemasonry— J. R., Ferndale, Humboldt
County, Cal. The object of Freemasonry is
explained to those who without mercenary or
selfish motive desire to join the order. The
benefits of becoming a Freemason are also ex
plained to the one who joins. No one is
allowed to enter a lodgeroom while a lodge is
in session unless he bus the password.
"I" and "Me"— J. C, Monterey, Cal. If you
are not up in grammar and are not certain aa
to the use of "I" or "me" in a phrase be guided
by euphony, and if you do that you will not
say "Mary spoke to mamma and I" for "Mary
spoke to mnmir-ft and me" ; and not say "I saw
Miiry and she" for "I saw Mary and her"; nor
say "Mary told mamxaa and i" for "ilary told
mamma and me."
For making skirts of plaids, checks and
stripes tlie shape with a circular front and
godet back is preferred to all others, as it sives
the trouble of matching at the seams, for all
the seams in this shape are hidden, falling, as
as they do, in between the godet folds, the
front being in one piece, the seams joining it
to the back are also hidden In the folds. Novel
effects can be obtained by cutting striped goods
with the stripes up and down In front. This
brings the stripes bias at the sides. The backs
are then cut with stripes straight up and down
the center of each godet or with the stripes
crosswise. A tall woman will find It becoming
to cut with the stripes going around the front.
Materials of checks, plaids or stripes made
after this model look well with waists of plain
material, with sleeves to match the skirt, the
waist made with a blouse effect in front and
full over a fitted lininsr in the back.
A jacket waist of plain goods is also stylish,
wearing a blouse to match the skirt. . ■
A plaid silk in light colors with black chiffon
bodice makes as handsome a gown as can be
desired. ___________^___
California glace fruits, 5Oc lb. Townsend's.*
Ceeam mixed candies, 25c a lb. Townsend's.*
• — •> — «
Special information daily to manufacturers,
business houses and public men by the Press
Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Montgomery. •
«■ ♦ — •
Husband's . Calcined Magnesia. Four first
premium medals awarded. More agreeable to
the taste and smaller dose than other ma?.
nesia. For sale only in bottles with registered
trade-murk label. " • "
« —^ — »
A — Now, if I understand correctly, the first
principle of socialism is to divide with your
brother man.
— Then you don't understand It correctly.
! The first principle of socialism is to make
your brother man divide with you.—Birming
ham Post.
Take the Northern Facilic to All Points
East.
If you an» going East call at 688 Market street,
San Francisco, and get our ligures. Finest service
in the Northwest. All trains vestibuled and
equipped with dining-cars, upholstered tourist cars
aDd elegant • Pullman sleepers. Through sleepers
once a week. T. K. Stateler, a?enc
De. Siegert's Angostura Bitters, a " pure vege
table tonic, makes health and health makes bright,
rosy cheeks and happiness.
— — : •— ♦ — «
A vigorous growth and the original color given
to the hair by Parker's Hair Balsam.
Pabkeb's Ginger Toxic the best cough cure.
For Coughs, Asthma and Throat Disorders
use "Brown's Bronchial Troches." Sold only in
boxes. Avoid imitations.
-• — »
"I cannot be your wife, Algy. There is too
great a difference between our fortunes."
'■But, Mabel, I'm sure there would be no
difference between them if we could bring
them together."— Life.TUESDAY ~ MAY 19, 1896
AMUSEMENTS.
Eauwec Tht-atkb— "The Coontejs Oucki."
Ciumsu Tttim- 'A Trip :o Chinatown.'"
CciCMEiA THKiTEB- "Miss Ilarum Scarum.'
Morof-oo's OPFBjk-Horsi:— "Jack Cade."
3 :voiT OpEEA-HorsF— -Uncle Torn s Cabin •
Osr-HErsc— HIgb-Class Vaudeville.
SI*ci>OKocsH Thwizb (Oakland)— Primrose
and West's Minstrels.
Sr-ri^o 1 mv 1slam>— Bathing and Perform
tros.
Shoot thk Chcies- mi Hatch* street, one
tuock east of the Park.
Bay District Tback— B*c*».
PICNICS AND EXCIR5I0NS.
Ho'. Fob th>. Santa Cbcz Mountains.— The
First Anniverearr Lx-nrslon and Family Picnic
cl tfce Union Printers' M-Jtual Aid Society will be
he d on Thursday, .May 21, at ■ .:. r^ood Pars.
AUCTION SALfcS.
Bt F. T. Kr.ri.FR— This dar iTuesday), Rare
Crierjtal Curios, at :94 K«arr.y strett, at '-' P. M.
By H. J. LECTHOLTz-Tbi* day (Tuesday), Car
pa - An Goods, etc.. at 781 Market »i.. at 11
o'clock.
By L. Vincent— This da-. {Tuesday), Furniture,
at IS". Sutler street, at 11 o'clock.
By J. C. Mithkr — day (Tuesday,) Furni
ture, .- 521 Kearny street. at 11 o'ciock.
By Geo. F. Lamson- This day (Tuesday), >-ur
niture, at 1527 race street. - o'clock.
By Frank W. BrTTF.p.FizLD — Th'j day
(Tuesday), Furniture, at BSO Mission street, at
2 o'clock.
By Easton A ::-.¥.— This day (Tuesday),
Real Estate, at 63*5 Market s:refi. a; 12 o'clock.
By O'Fabbei.l »fc Co.-Monday. May 25, Real
Estate, at 11 Montgomery st_, at 7:30 p. M.
Ey BHATSWAiD, Buckbee <t — Wednesday,
May 27, K«a! Kstate, at salesroom, 218 Mont
rcmor>- street, at 22 o'cJock.
■F&.r Tuesday."— Local Forec&s t Official.
A iiar. zeroi::- counterfeit half dollar is in
circulation In this City.
The Federation of omen has discovered »
fll'.hy state of things at the City Prison.
- ri Is to be made to settle the
L'tar. rate war on the 21st inst. a: Denver.
John G. Woolley, the temperance orator, de
livered au eloquent discourse last night at
Metropolitan Hall.
The Baptist ministers appointed a commit
tee yesterday to work in conjunction with the
Christian-Jewish mission. '
By stipulation the appeals of Philip A. Roach
from various decisions of Judge Coffey hi the !
Biythe case hare been dismissed.
Nelson Dennis, the Tiburon storekeeper of
the San Francisco and North Pacific Railroad,
has been missing since last Thursday.
The Woman's Congress Association of the
PaciSc Coast held its annual eieciion of offi
cers it .-:..;■ morning in Shasta Hall.
The ■wirnKne horses at he Bay District yes
terday were Virgia A, Flesh light, Articus, Red
Glen, Yankee Doodle, Daisy A and Encino.
The twenty-eighth annual convention of the
Grand Lodge of Kr.ights of Pythias o: Califor
nia, opened !*st evening in Union Square HalL
Rev. Alex Pattison of Chicago advised the
Presbyterian ministers yesterday to advertise
the churches in the announcement columns of
the. press.
John Covington, a colored horse- trainer, was
arrested yesterday in connection with the re
cent poisoning o: Gracie 5 at the Bay District
rsce track.
Andrew Ariando, a window-cleaner, was
brought from Napa to the City Prison last
night and booked on the charge of felony em
bezzlement.
The will of Mrs. Carrie M.P. Coleman, widow
of the late William T. Coleman, hss been filed
for probate. It distributes a estate
to relatives.
Dr. Walton H. Preston was arrested yester
day on complain: of Mrs. Elizabeth A. Brv&nt,
his mother-in-law, for failure to provide for-his
two children.
Fhevuoth, or the Eeast of Weeks, of the Jew
ish church v.as impressively and beautifully
observed in the synagogues throughout the
City yesterday.
The general committee appointed to arrange
for a week o: festivity in Baa Francisco early
this fall has named the festival "Carnival o"f
t&e Gcldeu Gate."
W. E. Paulsell, convicted in the Superior
Court of the roboery of Carroll's faro bank on
Market street, has fled his transcript on ap
peal in the Supreme Court.
The Supreme court has upheld the action of
the State Controller in refusing to a. low the
salarv demanded by Thomas A. Lewis, expert
to the State Board of Examiners.
Captain Coulson of the Life Saving Depart
ment wili leave for a trip north this morning.
He expects to take in the new lions at
Yaquina Bay and Cape Disappointment.
R. H. Pease of The Goodyear Rubber Com
pany has been appointed the local representa
tive of the United ctates Rubber Company, ifce
great rubber boot and shoe trust of the coun
try.
Judee SeBwell has handed down his written
opinion in :.- Rabin case, the test of the four
year-tena ... He had previously sust*inec!
the defendant's demurrer and rendered oral
decision.
Mary E. Blact, the divorced wife of Howard
O. Biecfc, has been restrained from bringing
fiction regarding the attachments on his per
sonal property. Blact is going through In
solvency.
A capsized boat with a man clinging to it
■was sighted on the bar by the schooner John
A yesterday. It was too rough to lower a
boat, and when assistance ■<-.« sent no Eign of
the derelict coald be seen.
Cbief Crowley was advised yesterday from
Benver that the decision on tbe appeal of the
United Stales Court of Appeals in the proceed
ings for the extradition of Mrs. Emma York
would not be given till October, in St. Paul,
Minn.
Tne accusation of A. J. Olunle agair,5t As
msoT Siebe came before Judge Wallace yester
day. The defendant's demurrer was over
rnjpd end the case will be tried to-day unless
the Supreme Court stops it on a writ* of pro
hibition.
James Luil» convicted of forgery, was sen
tenced to three years' imprisonment by Judge
\Va;lace yesterday. Lull made a long" speech
in which he cave as a reason for mercy that
he was a nerhew of Louis P. Lull, late' secre
tary of the Pioneers, and that hie uncie had
always spoken in the highest terms of Judge
Wallace.
At the meeting of the Transcontinental Pas
senger Association yesterday the matter of con
trolling trans-Atlantic passenger business and
a lower westbound r»-e from St. Paul to points
eouih of Portland. Or., were disposed of for
the session. To-day the local differences be
tween the southern Pacific Company and the
Oregon Railway and Navigation Company will
receive an airing.
Judge Seawell'g Decision Regarding
the County GoTrrnmrnt
Act.
Jndr-e Peawel! has cite.1 his opin-lon in
the suit of Ju.ius Kahn agairm the Elec
tion Corami-; oner?, the case :e decided
last Wednesday, «<ustain:ng the
ret of the Commissioners.
In bis opinion Judge Seaweli calls atten
tion to the provisions di the countv
government act deposing county officers,
and he remarks upon tbe difference in
character and number between those men
tionei in the act and those ruling iu the
City and County of San Francisco. It
had been provided in the statutes of 1883,
lie said, thai San Francisco was not a
county, but xra.* a municipal corporation,
mid he thought, therefore, that the county
goTeriiiuent act could notapply here. The
cut of his opinion is contained in the iol
lovrinp paragraph:
The county government act does no: applv
to .-an Francisco for the reason that It does not
provide lor tl-e election of a Mayor, City Attor
ney or superintend-in of Street*; for if the act
applies 10 San iTHiicuco hen there is no Mich
officers as that named. Furthermore, it was
evident that the Legislature did not intend
tbat tnc act snould apply to -.in Francisco, for
H did not attempt to provide the machinery
or the officers necosiwry for conducting and
managiag the affairs of aciiy. All such mat
ters were provided for in the municipal gov
ernment act. Ahhosgh its territory co:i«ti
t<:i«a^3alsuMiviM<.noi the State/the City
rr:d County of S«n Francisco is a munScit&l
corpora': and not a coumv *^
The Weekly Mission Meil has risen en the
tide of jxrotperity and has teen transformed
i:;to a deilr. Toe first dumber was issues ves
ttrday, end is crediiRbie to it« publishtrs"." It
/)ntnins, amoiis oiher cxcellem ieature's a
■well-written editorial in advocacy of the free
coinage of silver.
An Overturned Craft Sighted
by the Schooner
John A.
NO TRACE OF THEM LEFT
Life-Saving Crew and Tug Vigi
lant Went to Their
Assistance.
WAS CAPSIZED IN A STORM.
The Missing Crew and Boat Cannot
Be Located on the Water
Front.
'Ha« & boat's crew gone to the bottom,
or is the disaster confined to the loss of a
Whitehall boat and its owner?" is the
question acitating the water front at
present.
Wnen the schooner John A arrived from
Eureka yes'erday. Captain Heilquist was
on the tiptoe of excitement. He reported
that off Point Boni:a he saw a Whitehall
boat boitom tip. On ibe upturned boat
was stretched a man without life or motion.
An attempt was made to lower a boat, but
a heavy sea was running and the boat was
left to her fate.
As soon as the John A was Drought to
anchor off Meiggs wharf, a message was
sent to the Merchants' Exchange. The
Baker's .Beach life saving station and the
Spreekels Tugboat Company were notified.
The former at once sent out a boat, and
the SprecKels company dispatched the
tug Vigilant. A thorough search of the
Golden Gateway made, but not a trace of
tne wreck could be found. A heavy wind
was blowing at the time, and the chances
are that both man and boat went down in
tee swell.
Tue John A passed the derelict boat to
Tort. Tbe upturned craft, according to
Captain He.,qui«t, was drifting seaward
at tte rate of eve miles an hour. Signals
were set, but no notice were taken of them,
so the crew of the schooner came to the
conclusion that the man was dead. Tne
crew of the life-saving boat report that
the bar wa.- so rough that tney could not
get out very far and were therefore unable
to sight the floaters.
Captain Clem Randall of the Vigilant
says tnat after a careful examination of
the Gohien Gate he failed to find any trace
of a boat. A careful canvass of the water
front fails to show that any of tbe 'br>Ht
men" or '"runners" are miisine, and the
chances therefore are that it is a boat from
one of the vessels at anchor in the bay
that the crew of the John A sighted.
CLIKGING TO THE SEEL.
Captain Hellqsis: Tel'g He* He Stv th«
Drifting Man.
When Captain HeJiquist was seen by a
Call reporter to-day be said: "We were
corning into port with a very stiff breeze
and a strong ebb tide, and just as we eot
opposite Lime Point I noticed a boat
either swamped or overturned, and I could
also see a man who appeared to be sitting
astride the boat. I immediately ordered
the mate to run up a siznal, end'aft^r this
•was done we started to get our skiff ready
to send out, bat just as two men were
about ready to start in it I said, 'Hold on,
men, there is no use of you setting
drowned; if that Whitehall can't weather
this wind surely our little skiff cannot,'
We were having a hard time to pet in any
way, and we were then in the most dan
gerous part of San Francisco Bay.
•'We soon saw the Government tugboat
which runs to Lime Point, and all com
menced to holler at her. The captain
heard us, and I pointed in the direction of
the boat. He started in the direction in
which I pointed, but only held this course
for about five minutes, and then returned
to his regular course. I notified the Mer
chants' Exchange, and also one of Spreck
els' tugs, bat whether they went out or
not I do not Know. The steam-schooner
American Girl was coming just behind us,
but she made no effort at rescuing the un
fortunate man."
jt_Beriejit« the Coninmtr by Creating
a Reduction in Price.
It is a matter of comment that neveT
before in the history of this country has
good clothing been offered for sale at such
\ low prices as it is at the present time. On
; being asked the reasons for this condition
' of affairs, Charles Keilos of The Hub
! clothing store said yesterday to a Call
representative tnat it was all due to over
i production. It started first, he said, with
j the woolen mills, which produced more
! clo:h than there was a demand for. They
in turn overstocked the manufacturers of
clothinp, the latter overstocked the whole
salers, who in turn overstocked retailers.
The latter, in order to unload, sold at a
small margin, and in many instances, he
| said, the wholesalers, unable to work off
i their surplus on tho overstocked retailers,
I had embarked in the retail business them
\ selves. He cited as a notable instance of
I the latter kind the Stein-Block Clothing
| Company of Rochester, >\ Y.. and said it
i is a well-known fact that this company
turn oat the very best ready-made cloth
1 ing produced in this country and that
means in tne world. Mr. Keilus stated
the main cost of a garment is the work
ap>on it and it is for this special feature
that the Stein-Bloch Company have built
up tneir refutation.
The overproduction of cheaper clothing
made it dirficu': for them to market their
bish-grarie It would not do lor
t:.em l<j lower tLe standard of their work,
.ind so, in order to dispose of their surplus
stock, the company recently opened a re
tail store in New York City, where they
are retailing their cothing at wholesale
prices. T'.e Hub handles more of the
- -:.n-Bloch Company's goods nan any
otljer nou«e on the coast, and they !ai -I in
a big stock for sprine and summer trade,
ig to the unlavorable weatuer the
i a.-t two months' trade in this line has
not been active.
Mr. Keilus having for an example or
precedent in offering the Stein-Bloch e-oods
at low prices the <omi>any itselt. decided
to reduce ali prices ami 10 try and close
ont hi* lines of spring and 'iitnmercluth
;ng. He inaugurated the sale yesterday,
and the opt- nihg day *as a gratifying suc
cess. Tne reductions range from 25 to 50
]<-T cent. It is the first time, s.iid Mr.
Keilu'. that tt>esf> fine garments were ever
sold at such low prices, aiid tue natrons of
The Hub can be congratulated on being
ai/le to purchase the tailor-made Stein-
Bioch Company's cloihing at such low
price*.
Jose Texaira, a native of Terceria Island, one
of the Azores group, applied 10 Judge Morrow
: yesterday for naturalization papers. Texaira
| stood the examination well enough until his
i Honor askea who made the laws now goTern
inp America. "Governor Bndd," was the cou-
I ndent answer. "Appiication rejected," than
| dered Judge Morrow. Texaira say he came
| to America when only 15 years old. He now
lire* In Oakland. • : -:.
First Celebration to Take
Place Early This
Fall.
PLAN OF ORGANIZATION.
Executive Committee of TweDty-
Five to Be Elected
May 26.
THE PERMANENT OFFICERS.
Several Leading Citizens Promise to
G:ve the Enterprise Cordial
Support
A meeting of the general committee of
the Carnival of the Golden Gate wa? held
la?t evening at the parlors of the Baldwin
Hotel.
Before any regular business was trans
acted the chairman, General R. H. War
field, requested Secretary Fisher to read
several communications. Among the let
ters was one from John C. Kirkpatrick,
manager of the Palace Hotel, in which he
expressed regret for his inability to attend.
He assured the committee, however, of
his thorough sympathy and promised to
support the enterprise.
Manager Liiienihal of the California
Bank wrote that he could not attend, but
said he bad delegated his conOdertial and
capable s?<:-tant. Y. E. B^c\, torepresent
him. People looked around and saw Mr.
Br-ck there in fine form.
A letter fTom the Madrid Mutual Be
nevolent Society promised cordial support.
G-neral Wartieid said that he had seen
John I». Spreckels, James 1). P. elan and
Henry J. Crocker and they were in hearty
Bymoathy with the carnival project, out
Monday nie.it engagements at the theater
prevented their attendance at the general
committee meeting.
Colonel H. I. Kowalsky suggested that
the meeting should be adjourned un-il
next Thursday, but Colonel A. Andrews
and J. A. S'.einbach thought the attend
ance large enough to justify the transac
tion of business. Colonel Andrews men
tioned :he number of citizens th3t
responded to the Mayor's cail for the
initial meeting of Midwinter Fair man
aeers, and observed that the netting
which he had the honor of addressing far
surpassed in number:- the first fair meet
ing.
It was then resolved to consider the
report of the committee of seventeen
appointed at a previous meeting. The
following report was read, considered
seriatim and adopted :
san t'KAXcisco, May 18, 1696.
Your committee of seventeen, appointed to
devise & plan of organisation for a week of
festivities in San Francisco d urine the coming
fan, met in the parlors of the Baldwin Hotel
May 14. 1896, with a quorum present. Careful
consideration was given to all subjects brought
before the meeting, and it was resolved to
present the following progressive report :
First— That the affair be known as the Car
nival of the Gol-ien Gate.
Second— Its object: A week of festivities.
Third— Membership: The membership Ehall
consist of all persons invited up to Monday
May 13, and one representative from everv or
ganized body in ban Francisco and one addi
tional for every five subordinate bodies and
such persons as may from time to time be Dro
posed and elected " -
Fourth— Officers: An executive committee of
twenty-five, to be selected by the entire mem
bership, the first election to be held on Tues
day. May 26. Said executive committee of
Twenty-five to select its officers, to cons of a
president, three vice-president*, carnival di
rector, recording, corresponding and financial
secretary and treasurer.
The matter of date was carefully considered
and in view of the many questions involved it
was decided to recommend it to be held as
early in the fall as possible.
After the adoption of the report the au
dience of fiJty citizens present was ad
dressed by Edward Berwick of Monterev
He directed attention to the California
jubilee celebration at Monterey from July
4 to 7, and requested citizens of San
Francisco to join in commemorating the
event which occurred a half-century ago
on tue shores of Monterey Bay.
The people of San Fran*ci?co, he thought
might be too busy in making history to
pause and give the historic event of Found
ing an empire on the Pacific the attention
which it deserved.
It was announced that the California
iubilee celebration committee had estab
lished permanent San Francisco head
quarters in the Mills budding.
The general committee of the Carnival
of the Golden Gate will meet again Thurs
day evening of this week.
A Routing Benefit for William Daley
Arranged.
The South Side Club met last night at
514 Fourth street. W. H. Harrison presid
ing, A. J. Reavey secretary, for the pur
pose of receiving reports of the various
committees having charge of the benefit
to be given William Daley by the club at
B'nai B'rith Hall Saturday evening, May
30. The treasurer. M. M. O'Connor, re
ported that a larjre number cf tickets have
been sold and the bt-nefit wih be a treat
s::rce>«. Mr. I':.iey is an old favorite
baseball player, having played «rith the
-ar ?nd "Pioneer clubs of this City.
He is sick with a caneer of the throat,
from which he has been suffering for the
pa.-t «ix months.
Custom* Inspector* M*ke a Valuable
Capture From the Depths of
Coal Bunker*.
Inspectors Campbell. Sprague and Bebari
seized 140 tins of opium, value-i at $1">J.
on the steamer City of Puebla yesterday.
The vessel arrived from \ ictora May 15
and a close watch has been kept on her
ever since.
Yesterday the officers concluded to make
another search of the vessel, with the re
sult that the opium already described was
found in the coal bunkers.
The 605 tins of bocus opium found Sat
urday night in the basement of the saloon
run by Hoik A Co., 534 Washington street,
resulted in the arrest of R. P. Huik yester
day. Inspectors Spra^ue and Beban
opened every tin captured, with the result
that ten tins of the geDuiue article were
found. Huik is charged with having un
stamped opium i: his possession.
Michael O'Connor, foreman of a grading job
at Buchanan and Jackson streets, was ar
rested ye«terday by Officer Delmer of the So
ciety for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals.
He is charged with having overworked teams
employed in the grading. One of the drivers
was arrested last week, but when the case
came before Jiidee Low it was shown that th'»
foreman was tu blame, as the drivers were act
ing under instructions. They were compellea
to make twelve trips daily, and to do so it
was necessary to run the teams ud and down
hill.
The Railroad Storekeeper of
Tiburon Is Out of
Sight
No Trace of His Wh-reabouts Since
Thursday Evening of Last
We:k.
Kelson Dennis, storekeeper of the Baa
Francisco and N< rtii Pacific Railroad at
Tiburon. has disappeared.
He -.ra? last ?eer. at the cc,-:ier of Eilis
and Market ««treet« in t hi« Cit£ about 7:3j
o'clock last Tnursdav evening. He con
. a few moments with Frank Sin trley,
the traveling auditor ol the ra.lroad com
pany, and told the latter tbat he was go
ine to a Masonic lod^e in the City and
was starling early, as ins examination
might take some time, for the reason that
he had never visited a lodge in San Fran
cisco •
General Manager Whiting of the San
Francisco and North Pacific Railroad
Company said yesterday that Dennis bad
been in the service of the company for
twelve year*. He lived at Santa Rosa and
was tne cnief support of his mother and
five children.
He came to San Francisco ia-t Wednes
day mornine, submitted his monthly re
port according to custom, ani should have
returnea to the Tiburon office that even
ing. While at the office here he drew $90.
The singular circumstance connected
with the affair is that Dennis did not re
turn to Tiburon Wednesday evening. The
managers of the company would have
attributed his non-appearance to foul play
or murder if Dennis had not been seen in
San Francisco Thursday evening. Now,
about the only tbine to account for his
absence is thai there is a woman in the
case.
He registered last Thursday night at the
Golden West Hotel on Ellis street, near
Powell, and the room assigned to him was
occupied that night presumably by Dennis
himself.
His accounts are clear and correct, in
dicating that he expected to return to his
office in Tiburnn, according to hi9 usual
custom for many years. He is a sober,
industrious man, whose fixed habit was to
gd home to his family in Santa Rosa
every evening. His duties as storekeeper
do n"<it involve the handling of money, so
there is no defalcation or embezzlement
connected with the vanishing of Dennis.
The San Francisco and North Pacific
Railroad Company has furnished the. fol
lowing description of the missing man:
Age, 25 years; height, about 5 feet 10 or 11
inches; complexion, lair; hr.ir, light brown;
blue eyes, fall, large and rather far apart;
features, regular; was smooth shaven, but
beard was of a couple ■■• days* growth, very
thick and coarse and of redJ^h-brown color;
weigbt, about 160 pounds; was dressed in a
blacc diagonal cutaway frock suit, brown
overcoat wjll worn, collar of ■which was gene
rallv turned up on back of neck, Upeis turned
back flat in front a:id lront oi overcoat pulled
and created from necK down front, as if from
welerhi in pockets; white linen shirt with
turned-down collar and a dark four-in-haiid
uecktie; wore » black derby ha;, pulled
slightly forward over eyes; in .-....;:..• gene
rally ... hands in front (top) pockets of panu,
and stooped considerably.
borne Masonic friends of Dennis came to
this Citv Sunday and reported the facts to
Captain Lees. The police are now feekinjr
to soive the mystery of the case.
Nelson Dennis wrote his name on the
register of the Golden West Hotel In a
firm and legible style. Hismtaic is quite
■well down on the list of Thursday's arri
vals. He was ji«<ii:iie'i to room 203, and
the clerks assert that be occupied ihe room
a. 'lie. Before going to bis room he gave
an order to be called at 5 o'clock ?ruiav
morning, and bis directions -were obeyed".
It is pnmiMd tnat he left the hotel early
to catch the first boat for Tibnron.
Twenty - Eighth Annual
Convention Opened
Yesterday.
AMUSING SCENES OCCUR
Music by the Fifth Artillery
Band Enlivens the
Spectacle.
GRAKDLODGE RANK CONFERRED
A. B g Reception to Be Given to the
Grand Representatives Thuis
day Evening.
Crash! The great cymbals of the Fifth
Artillery band of Mars Lodge No. 2 2
came together as a signal and in an in
stant the walls of Uniori League Hall were
echoing and re-echoing with the hve.v
strains of a mart.al air.
With the mnsic opened also the twentv
eicbth annual convention of the Grand
Lodee of Knights of Pythias of California.
Early yesterday afternoon officers had
been rushing hither and thither and com
mittees had made arrangements to have
everything pass off smoothly. By even
ing everything was ready for the inaugur
ation of the session.
First came the annual convention of the
A. O. U. W., and gayly bedecked candi
date? for nipher honors and delegates
from the interior gave the town a lively
aspect. Then came the Woman's Con
trress, and the town was taken completely
bv storm. The Odd Fellows were listed
tnird, and hardly .had the last delegate
pacKea his grip and departed thence in all
the rlory of hign sDirits and multi-colored
badge ere the iron horse bore in upon ns
Sir Kniphk of Fytbias with all the aroma
of romance wfcich is his by heritage and
adoption.
By 8 o'clock, the hoar scheduled for
the opening ceremonies, Union-square
Hall, both main rioor and gallery, was
crowded. Delegates and members crowded
the outer hail and the stairway. Many
even stood round the entrance on the side
«a k and discoursed with their fellows on
the work ana pleasure that lies before
them.
Alter the opening with music it was
announced tnat the committee on creden
tial would retire to a private room and
prepare their repor; on the credentials of
the past chancellors and the representa
tives on whom the Grand Lodge rank was
to be conferred.
The names of the committee are O. Nor
cross and T. F. Carrigan. A* soon as the\
had tiled out a recess was taken and in
stantly a scene of confusion \ revailed that
rivaled ttie tower of Babel in all respects
save two — everybody spoke the Anglo-
Saxon tongue, and not an ill-humored
countenance was seen or a harsh word
beard in the hall.
Everybody had hold of some one else's
hand anii managed to shake bands with
the aforesaid person, slap him on the back
with the disengaged band and ask after
his^health and ibe physical welfare of his
family, Lis brother's family and frequently
of his :hird cousin and bis mother-in-law
all at one and the same time.
The types of humanity were as varied as
the sands of tbe sea. gentlemen with light
clothes and with dark clothes, smooth
faced men and men that could hold their
own with Peffer or Rip Van Wir.kie. bum
orou* men and solemn-faced men, large
men and small men.
Every tra>ie and profession was repre
serv.e l. Bankers and politician? elbowed
rast one another to get at lomefriend who
was himself doing his be9t to make -ome
one hear him above the uproar. Farmer?
wp'e there, newspaper men and collegians.
A? the preat human kaleidoscope shifted
round every now and then the band broke
:n with a waltr or march, and then every
body caught his neighbor by the arm and
endeavored to make himself teard.
Between the intervals of music well
nigh every topic in the human category
came under discussion.
The ger-tlemen from the interior wanted
to know all about Buck eys chances
against the Junta, and in return would
h^ve to explain why their particular dis
tricts were goins to go either Republican
or Democratic. Ana they ail improved
the chance to do a little proselyting.
Some of the religiously inclined d:s
cus.«ed fin de siecie church affairs. As an
evidence of the interest Dr. Brown"* trial
excited in the interior as we.l as metro
politan circle?, hi? name and tne findings
o: the church council and she Hay Confer
ence, w.th varied comments thereon,
nv.t'ht have been heard at aii points of the
compass.
The weather, the crops, McKir.ley's
chance for ;he Presidency, how to be
sav^'d 1 — though a Democrat — and other
things a!i came la for their share of talk.
The only notabie exception to the gen
eral rule of action wa* an old gentleman
from one of the southern counties. He
got off into a corner iu a chair and paid
no attention to anything but the pages of
some journal. Closer inspection showed
that he was absorbed in a copy of the
day's Call.
But there came a change. The commit
tee on credentials brought in its repoit. and
a few raps of the mallet brought every
thing to a standstill.
The committee reported favorably on ;
j the credentials of 600 chancellors, on whom
the Grand Lodge rank » as conferred, and
also on 350 representatives.
A recess was then ta&en until 9 a. m. to
dav.
To-day's and to-morrow's session will be
mainly given over to regular order of busi
ness.
On Thursday evening there wiii be a
receDtion in the Mechanics' Pavilion to
members of the Grand Lodge bv subordi
nate lodges of this City. . v ; , - . ;.
The members of the several lodges will
meet in Pythian Castle aud, escorted by
the uniform division, the members of the
Grand Lodge will go i the pavilion, where
there will be a promenade concert, a drill
by the uniform rank and then a dance.
The following named compose the gen
eral committee that will have charge of
the affair:
C.W. Kevin, president; J. H. Harner, vice
president: H. W. Dodge, secretary; G. H. Mor
rison, treasurer; C. C. Kuhlmar, Z. T. Barber.
F. M. Zeising. H. W. Patrick. F. A. Koegel. F.
Thompson, E. J. Wilson, V. Morgan, G. H.
E7ans, C. E. Hockerer, J. H. Hiebv, H. Will
weber, S. W. Powell, W. J. Kidd, N. Rose. A. 8.
; Tuchler, Charles Graner, M. A. Samuels, W. X.
Brant, C. L. Patten, T. E. Hudpeons, F.
W. Joyce, M. H. Beach. F. A. Woodside,
i M. C. Dunn, B. C. Duffy, W. p. Nutting, D. W.
I Savior, A. Perrier. M. D. Merritt, Joseph Wil
; liams, W. Daws, H. Strieker. J. Watson. J. W.
Maher. E. Streuber. B. Tmeuiann, C. W. Kevin,
A. Hoffman, I. Wolfe. O. Dahlstrom, V. D. Chil
i son, J. G. Klemm, W. C. Him ken, W, J. B. War
i ner, C. B.:enng-r, G. 5. Backman. H. G. Smith,
i P.- E. Lane, J. A. McDonald, E. H. Trampleas
nre. J. R. Goldsmith, William Retailacic, L-
Scheib. L. J. Peri. G. Malpiede. G. Sambnck, F.
O. Rijsbe, John Huber, m. E. Havens, Colonel
J. C. Lohmeyer, Colonel W. J. Kidd, Captain F.
Dodd, A. Levy, C. H. Walworth, W. J. Biddell,
Major J. M. Keenan. Captain John Maples,
Lieutenant J. H. WagsiBg.
The reception committee is composed of the
following named: C. L. Patton, chairman: C.
S. Hoffman, H. J. Jndell, W. Ernst, F. K. South
ard, C. Jdnsen, John I>a.y. George Thomson, A.
E. Carlisle, L. J. Peri, Otto Winkler. W. J. Kidd,
W. E. Havens. W. J. Rogers, E. S. Belknap, H.
B. Meyers, J. H.Higbee.L. F. Russell, S. W.
Powell, G. Sacherer, Leo Kaufman, F. P. Keiley,
J. D. Mahler, J. M. Keenan, W. T. Lansrleld.
Coionel A. Perrier will be tfoe floor man- '
a^er, and will be assisted by Ernest
I iiman, G. S Backnian and thefollowing
members of tbe floor committee :
W. C. Ordway, G. Schwarzman, L. C. Levey,
C. C. Morris. <i. Marioni, W. W. Aver. R. O.
Barton. K. O. Raabe. John Pfter^n, W. H.
Stiver. H. G. Smith, H. W. Hunsaier. F. A.
Merguire, F. Dodd. W. J. Biddell, W. H. Hutch
inson, George H. Wolfe, S. Vock. G. A. L*nder<.
F. A. Koeeel. J. C. Roit. R. F. Lange, S. W.
Gates, £. H. Tramrleasnre.
John CoTington, a Colored Trainer,
Arrested in Oakland.
John Covinpton. the colored horse
trainer, lor whose arrest a warrant was
issued from Judge Campbell's court about
three weess ago on the cnarge of poison
ing an animal, the property of another,
was anested in Oakland last evening by
.Policeman Grunwald and taken across the
bay to the City Prisn.
The animal" referred to was the racing
mare, Grac:e S. Poison was 'administered
to her prior to a race at the Bay District
trace, and an investigation by the directors
of the Racing Association resulted in war
rants being obtained for the arrest of
Covinpton and P^obert Phillips, another
horse-trainer. P^.iliips was arrested at
the time, and after an examination by
Judge Campbell was held to answer before
the superior Court.
Last ni^ht about 12 o'clock Francisco Gra
geda. a Meii?an. got in a drunken row with
several companions at 12 Hiactley alley. He
■was fearfully slashed on the arms and body by'
a knife in the hands of one of the crowd. It is
thought that he will not recover. S. Barrels.
Louis Retold; and Bruno F;ores were arrested
and detained at the police station. Darrela
and a mau named Jo Garcia were badly beaten
in tbe fight.
A Great Statesman PunUhed for HI* Con-
tempt of Never-Changing Natural
Lairs.
"I never saw a man with such a passion tot
work and such a contempt for health," said a
French artist of one of the busiest statesmen
in Europe.
In a lew days the cable brought news that
nature had punished this Minister for violating
' her laws. He was reported to be Buffering
J from a heavy cold, "aggravated," the message
j said, -by prolonged and excessive labor and
inmmcient sleep."
The statesman was said to be weat. nervous
and peevish, and to complain of pains In the
| head and in the muscles. What his doctors did
I for him the dispatch doesn't tell. What an
■ambitious American do«s in similar circum
! stances is no secret Knowing that the first
; demand of the Dody is for a stimulant he takes
i the best obtainable, Daffy's Pure Malt Whiskey,
! ana the distress attending a cold soon goes.
i The reason why? It is as easy as A B C.
: Stomach, lungs, liver, kidneys, ail the organs
in tact, are lacking and do their work feebly.
They need a gentle stirnng-up, and then they
will goon as usual. What is wanted in this
emergency Duffy's Pure Malt Whiskey supplies.
It surely is net necessary to point out the con
sequences of a neglected cold. They may last
I a lifetime.
Prejudice aeainst the use of a good stimulant
j has been dispelled by Duffy's Pure Malt
Whiskey which citizens of the hi ebest standing
; have cordially recommended. The distinction
; between an ab>oiutely pure whisky and arti
cles made of fusel "oil and other mischief
: making ingredients is perfectly clear in the
. public mind. That is why Duffy's Pure Malt
[ is welcome in families.
78
How the Salvation Army
Was Attacked on North
Beach.
REV. FLAWITH'S CHURCH
The Congregation Came Forth to
the Rescue of Their
Brethren.
WHAT THE PASTOR HAS TO SAY
Major Maclntyre Siys There Has Been
No Such Demonstration
for Years.
Some members of the Salvation Army
had an experience on Sunday night
which vividly recalled to their memories
the days when their paths were habitually
strewn with rotten eggs, dead cats and
other missiles. As a result of the experi
ence several of the officers are "resting"
to nurse bruises and contusions, which re
main as outward and visible proof of the
fact that the battle was to the strong on
Sunday night.
Rev. P. Flawith, outside whose church
the trouble began, is very much troubled
over the fray, and he says that if some of
the members of the First Congregational
Church had strayed into his fold that night
to Icnil a hand in the cause of righteous
ness instead of wandering about like sheep
without a shepherd, the cause of humanity
would have been the gainer.
Rev. F. Fiawith, who is pastor of the
Fourth Congregational Church, on Green
strpet, near Stockton, invited the Salva
tion Arn.y to come down and help him on
Sunday night, and the army, which is al
ways on deck when it is wanted, respond
ed by sending five men, commanded by j
Major Maclntyre. No one had any idea
that this event would stir up an infant
riot; but it did, and Major Maclntyre says
that not for seven years has the Salvation
Army been so assailed on the streets of
this City as it was near the Fourth Con
gregational Church.
The following description of the event is
given bv one of the sufferers, Sergeant- !
Major Barker, who was suffering from
bruises on the head and neck, inflicted by
onions hur.'ed by a strone and sure hand, j
"We began our parade outside the !
church on Green street," Baid the ser
geant-major, "and from there started up
Green toward Kearny.
"It is a district where we have worked '■■
very little and the residents are not in the '
habit of seeing any about. !
People came out from all sides as we went
Dp the street — men, women and children, ■
many of them with sticks, dead animals
and cobble-stones. We ail of us got blows
on the head and indifferent parts of the
body, but, bless yoj, we're not going to
complain. We expect that sort of thing
in the army and look upon it as fun when
we can get at the people in spite of their
dislike to us."
When recalled to bis narration the ser.
geant-major said: "We walked around
three or four blocks and the further we went
the thicker the crowd grew and the faster ]
came the missiles. Another soldier was j
bruised on the back of bis head considera
bly, and I— well, 1 was struck on the neck
by a couple of onions. All the other sol
diers were struck and bruised, too."
As the procession reanproached the
Fourth Congregational Church, the congre-
Ration within heard sounds of tumult and
came out to see what was going on. When
they beheld their army friends advancing
singing, under heavy fire, surrounded by
a howling, imprecating mob, they rallied
to their rescuej and when the soldiers drew
up in food order outside the building
there were church members all around
them.
Evidently the crowd only had a griev
ance against the Salvationists, for they
stopped throwing missiles when it became
evident that by doing so the members of
Mr. Flawith's "flock would be injured too.
A short meeting was held at the church
door and then the army and its friends
withdrew into the church.
Rev. F. Flawith said yesterday: "Here
is a chance for the members of the First
church. If they really want to consecrate
their religion, let tbem come and work
among these people, instead of rushing
out to Dollar avenue to build a church
where one is not wanted.'
As for tbe Salvationists they are not at
all discouraged, and intend to visit the
Fourth church, on Green street, again
next Sunday.
Judge McKenna Decides That the
Song May Be Sold Under
Two Names.
The Present Suit Will Probably Be
Followed by Criminal Pro
cecdings.
The Zeno Mauvais Company will con
tinue to publish the Southern melody of
•'Mah Angeline," and Schlainm A Broder
will do likewise. In the latter case, how
ever, the song will be published and sold
under the name of "Dora Dean." This is
the edict of United States Judge Me-
Kenna, delivered yesterday afternoon.
In giving his decision dissolving the in
junction the court also recited a bit of
individual opinion to the effect that he
would lite to throw the whole matter out
of court because the song, whether under
one name or another, was vulgar just the
same.
There is much bitterness between the
parties to the suit. The Sclilamm & Bro
der people claim that the Zeno Maurais
Company has done considerable plagiariz
ine, and must puffer tho consequences. In
thi-j particular suit the "Man Angeline"
song is claimed to have been stolen out
right. On the other side the claim is that
the song is an old one, and had been sung
during the Midwinter Fair. Corroborat
ing this an affidavit by one James H. Love
was filed, declaring that the song was
sung in the '49 Mining Camp, of which he
was one of the proprietors.
The books of that corporation, being ex
amined, show that no colored men were
ever employed in the camp, hence Sydney
O'Brien, who claims to have once been en
gaged to sing the song in the camp, and
James H. Love, are slightly off the path
of truth and veracity. Their rr.isstate
ment of facts is made stronger bv other
affidavits of the owners of the '49 Mining
Camp contradicting Love and O'Brien in
every particular.
The present suit is to be followed by
criminal prosecution. Mr. Schlamm, in
speaking of the affair yesterday, stated:
"The court said there was considerable
perjury in the anse. The court is righl De
yond a doubt and I will soon show it up.
I propose to have J. H. Love, John Doni
gan and Charles Sydney O'Brien arrested
on charges of perjury, and in this I will be
assisted by Sam Davis of the Carson Ap
peal and all the other stockholders of the
'49 Mining Camp.
"Love has made an affidavit to the ef
fect that Davis was not a proprietor in the
'49 camp, which he must have known to
be false, as Davis held a large block of
stock in the concern.
"This man James H. Love also per
jured himself in his affidavit regarding
the song being sung in the camp, as it is a
well-known fact the song was composed
at a time subsequent to the life of the
camp.
"I am interested with several Eastern
publishers and we intend prosecuting all
plagiarists and all perjurers to tde bitter
end."
Supervisor Dimond Pre
sents an Ordinance
Against It.
CLASSED AS A NUISANCE.
Defeated Yesterday, but to Be
Brought Up on Monday
Next.
NEW MUNICIPAL BUILDING.
r
Several Thousand Signers of a Pc
tition Want Work Begun on It
at Once.
Supervisor Dimond sprung a surprise on
the friends of the railroad in the board
yesterday when he offered the following
ordinance, aimed at the check system of
transfers now u.«ed by the Market-street
Railway Company, in the form of a reso
lution :
The people of the City and County of San
Francisco do ordain as follows:
1. Every person, lirm and corporation opera
tinp streetcars within the City and County of
Ban Francisco that issue transfers to passen
gers to enable them to transfer to other cars
operated by the same or different owner shall
issue and deliver said transfer* upon or within
the car from which tin; passenger is trans
ferred and not elsewhere.
2. Every person, lirm and corporation oper
ating Hreetcara within the City and County of
San Francisco that receives transfers as fare
from pa^-M-nir^rs shall tnke said transfers from
the passengers who Motived the same within
or upon tne ear to which the pasbt-nge ra are
transferred and not elsewhere.
3. Every person, firm or corporation oper
ating a street railroad within said City and
County, and every conductor, agent or "other
employe of cuch person, firm or corporation
violating the provisions of this order shall be
deemed guilty of a misdemeanor, and upon
conviction thereof shall De punished by a line
not exceeding $500 or by imprisonment in the
County Jail not exceeding six months or by
both such line and imprisonment.
In order to cover the issuance of trans
fers at points of change, Mr. Diamond also
offered the following ordinance:
The people of the City and County of San
Francisco do ordain as follows:
1. It shall be unlawful for any person, firm
or corporation, or any employe of any person,
firm, or corporation operating streetcars with
in toe City and County of San Francisco, to re
ceive, issue or deliver to passengers on the
public streets of said City ami County any
transter, transfer check, ticket or carfare.
ii. Every person, firm or corporation oDerat
int; a street railroad within >ni<i City and
County and every conductor, agent or "other
employe of such pen-on, firm or corporation,
violating the provision* of this order cliall be
deemed guilty of h misdemeanor, and upon
conviction thereof shall be punished by a tine
not exceeding ijnSOO, or by imprisonment in
the County Jail not exceeding six month, or
by both buch tine and imprisonment.
Mr. Dimond made a strong address in
support of his motion to adopt, saying
that a few <lollars gained by the company
by issuing checks for transfers and com
pelling people to stand on the street cor
ners waiting for their bits of cardboard
would scarcely make ut> for the incon
venience to the passengers.
tie cited cases where passengers — some
times ladies — had been compelled to leave
cars and mortitied because they had not
understood the check system and had neg
lected to exchange their checks for trans
fers.
The crowds resulting from the presence
of the company employes on the street
corners, issuing transfers, was also
touched on and held up as a nuisance and
an imposition.
Mr. Diamond urped immediate action on
his resolution. Supervisor Hughes moved
to amend by referring t >e matter to the
Health and Police Committee and Super
visor King offered a substitute that the
matter be disposed of at once. The sub
stitute was lost by the following tie vote.
Ayes— King, Scully, Hirsch, Dimond and
Hobbs.
Noes— Benjamin, Hughes, Dunkor, Morgan
stern and Wagner.
The amendment was also lost by a tie
vote and the original motion by a vote of
6 to 4, Supervisor Dimond voting in the
negative in order to move for a reconsid
eration at the next meeting. He is confi
dent that the ordinances will go through
at that time, as he Delievesthat Supervisors
Spreckels and Taylor, who were absent
will vote with him.
Supervisor Wagner presented a petition
sinned by 6H72 residents of the North End
district askinir the board to reconsider its
action in putting over the selection of a
plan for the new municipal building for
four months and proceed to chose an
architect at the earliest possible momeut.
Later Mr. Wagner introduced a resolution
that was carried that the balloting be
tak^n un again.
Only one vote was taken, the result
showing that a deadlock still exists. The
matter was put over for a week or until a
full attendance of members can partici
pa e in the balloting.
The ordinance granting a franchise for a
telephone and telegraph service to be sold
to the highest bidder was referred back to
the Street Committee for the purpose of
having it still further amended to suit the
Views of the members.
The contract for supplying rations for
the prisoners confined in the various jails
was awarded to the Pacific Marine Supply
Company.
The matter of selecting a site for the
Pesthouse went over two weeks.
A petition signed by 736 property
owners protesting against the use of pub
lie money for sprinkling the streets was
received and referred to the Street Com
mittee. The petitioners declared that
sprinkling was not necessary for the
preservation of the public thoroughfares.
They cited tbe cases of a number of
stieets that have not been sprinkled for
years and yet are in as good condition as
those that are sprinkled every day. The
petition also protests against the sprink
! ling of a few streets to the exclusion of
many others on the ground that such a |
course would be unjust to the tax-payers
whose money pays the sprinkling bills.
The petition ot the Geary-street, Park
and Ocean Cable Railroad company for a
renewal of its franchise to run cars on
Geary street to Point Lobos av. nueand on
Fifth avenue to Golden Gate Park for fifly
I years was referred to the Street Committee.
The report of the Finance Committee
re-engaging Watter B. Hinkie as special
Assistant District Attorney for a period of
ttiree months was adopted.
Complete Summary of the City
WorK Before the Board of
Supervisors. *
A detailed account of the street improve
ments considered by the Board of Super
visors at yesterday's session is given as
follows:
BESOX.UTION9 OF AWARD.
B, Seventh to Kichth aveunes— Grading, etc., to
J. G. Conroy i Co., macadam 6V4 cents, side
walks 2Va cents, euros 16 cents, 3-lnch-plpe sewer
60 ceuts. manholes 9 35.
Hampshire, Fifteenth to Sixteenth streets—
Gradlnu 19»/ 4 cents, to John Kelso.
Albion, Nixtt-ermh to seventeenth streets—Bltn
jnen 18 7-10 cents, granite curbs 80 cents, Tactile
l'avlns Company.
i^Hkir, Clay to Washington streets — Bitumen
183 g edits, granite curbs ho cents. Pacific Paving
Company. . , ; •.
Birch and Laguna to Buchanan street— Bitumen
19V4 cents, granite curbs 60 cents, Robinson *
N intent.
Brooklyn place, Sacramento street north—Bitu
men -.'4 cents, granite curbs 80 cents, George M.
Perlne.
Bonrhln place, Stelner and Pierce streets—Bitu
men 19 cents, curbs 80 cents, Pacific Paving Com
pany.
Broderick and Page crossing— Bitumen 20%
cents, J. J. Dow] Ing.
Capp, Twenty to Twenty-sixth— Bitumen
18 cents, curbs 80 cents, Pact lie Paving Company.
Twenty-sixth, Capp to Mission— Bitumen 2iy a
cents, curbs 80 cents, W.JC. Kaisch.
Market and Hermann— Water Inlet f 83 60, Dar
ren Burke.
Market and Thirteenth- ?93, Joseph H.
.Brown.
Ellis and Bourbin-Stone sidewalks 28 cents,
Thomas K. Jeal.
Twenty-fifth, Bryant to Potrero- Plank side
walks 6* cents, James Warren.
Utah, Twenty-fourth to Twenty-fifth — Planlc
s.dewalks 64 cents, James Warren.
RESOLUTION OKDKRINO 6TKK*T WOBK. , •. '. ,', ';
•^mT 01 "* 1 Harrison and Bryant— Bitumen side- :
Central avenue and Pacific crossing— Bitumen, \
central avenue, Jackson street to Pacific ave
nue-stone sidewalks.
(.entnai avenue and Jackson street— Bitumen,
ten-inch-pipe sewer, etc
Devisadern, North Point to Beach-Grading.
Hunt, from Third-Stone sidewalks.
J wenty-fifth and Lilac— and bitumen.
Twenty-fifth and Cypress-Curbs and bitumen,
fifteenth, Castro to westerly termination—Grad
seventeenth and Sanchez-Bitumen.
iwenty-Hfth, San Bruno to Vermont— Grading.
Twenty-flfth, Vermont to Kansas— Grading.
Hay, Jones to Leaven worth— Basalt,
sewer Washington to Clay-Twelve-lnch-plpe
GouRh and Clay-Twelve-lnch-plpe sewer,
sewer Sacrament0 to Cay— Twelve-lnch-plpe
id"*" 1 ' Twent first to Twenty-second-Stone
Eighteenth and Diamond— curbs, cess
poo 3, stone sidewalks, roadway bitumen.
Jilgnteenth and i ollingwood— Granite curbs,
cesspools, etc., stone sidewalks, bitumen.
sidewalk' nl0re t0 Webster-Bitumen, stone
Kwe r p C *' from Mason— Elcht-lnch sewer pipe.
* ulton, Baker to I.yon— Bitumen.
Taylor, Green to Union-CobDles.
l-rani-isi-o, Taylor to Jones-Grading, basalt,
gr.iiiui- cubes.
Fourteenth, south Broderick to Alpine— Basalt.
Julian avenue, Fifteenth to blxteenth-3x5 feet
brick sewer.
walkif rre11 ' • Devl8acler0 tc " Broderlck-Stone side-
Webster, Fell to Oak-Bitumen.
> III more 'and Fell crossing-Bitumen,
Beery, bixth to Seventh— Basalt.
BESOLUTIOX OF INTKNT1ON' TO ORDKR STBKKT
WORK.
ifteenth, San Bruno to Kansas-Grading,
fifteenth, Kansas to itliode t.radlng.
.i,Vjf^£ 1 * venue » Washington to Jackson-Stone
Cole. ilalRht to Waller-Bitumen.
Cole and Wailer-Bltumcn. etc.
i I Kin Park, from Thirteenth-stone sidewalk,
fell, Buchanan to Webster stone sidewalks.
nineteenth, Not to Sauchei- Plank sidewalks,
sidewalk. lwent >'" flr »' "> Twemy»econd-Plank
Jones. Geary to Post-Stone sidewalks.
X nm^Hlh 1 v- oe to Castro- Plank sidewalks.
sto.fu^ i ' U'- e l0 ,- San cdez-Pla!jk sidewalks.
r.^L l rr y> ashl 'W<>n to Jackson-Bitumen.
I oik, Greenwich to Lombard— Grading.
ASSESSMENT CHS FIRMED.
Jefferson and Broderick— Macadamizing, etc.
APPKaL FROM A MS K VT.
Pine, Devlsadero to Buchanan -Paying, etc.
Buchanan, 1'lno to California-Basalt.
Seventeenth, Clara avenue to Douglass— Regrad-
OBJECTION* TO STKKET WORK.
Stanyan, Haight to Eighteenth—
PROPOSALS RCADVKRTISKD.
Thirteenth avenue, L, to M, south— Grndlng, etc.
Market, Valencia to Church-Bitumen.
Market and Church crossing-Bitumen.
>ifieentb, Guerrero to Uolores-Bitumen.
Kdd.v, Devlsadero to Broderkk— Basalt,
tarty, Franklin to Van Bitumen.
VISION* J.MR TAX I. tVV.
Ocean View to San Bruno road sewer system—
Referred to Finance Committee.
SURVEYS nRliKRKD.
Brazil avenue, etc —Cost »195.
Ocean avenue, Jngleside to Boulevard— Cost f 496.
Ocean avenue, baa Jose avenue to Ingleslde—
Cost JJ ». (1(1.
i<von to Filbert-Cost 9187 60.
Mission blocks 13 and 14— Cost f 169.
PROPORTIONAL ABSFSSMENT.
Fell, Masonic to stauyan— Bitumen, etc
Fell, Masonic to Clayton -Biniiiifii, eta
RESOLUTIONS UR!>KRIM1 WORK.
Dlvtsou and Brannan— Bridge over sewer.
Market and Sutler, cross way - Bitumen.
( 'or? laud avenue, Mission ana An.iover-Plank
sidewalk.
Twenty-first, Dolores to Church— Plank side
walks.
1 nurcb, Market to Fifteenth— Sidewalks.
Filbert, Hyde to Leavenwonh— Half bitumen,
half cobbles.
EXTENSION OF TIME.
Sixteenth and Julian—
fif ° l0r d - and Twenty " fonrtl1 — Sidewalk corners,
ACCEPTANCES.
Juniper, Folsom to Harrison— Bitumen. ,
Kisslinif— Eleventh to Twelfth— Bitumen-
Bay and Leavenwo.'th— Basalt.
ClRAl'KS ESTABLISHED.
Lundys lane, from Esmera:da avenue,
PROTESTS.
Spear, Market to Mission— 3x5-fDot sewer
First and Howard— New sidewalk.
Blxth avenue, .' to I) streets— Bitumen sidewalk
Sixth avenue, Point Lobos 10 A street— Bitumen
sidewalks.
Polk. Cedar to Geary— Stone sidewalk.
Colt?. Frederick to Carl — stone sidewalks.
Douglass, seventeenth to Eighteenth— pavlnjr
etc. •'
Cole, Halght to Waller-Stone sidewalk.
Clayton, Haight to Waller— Stone sidewalk
Sixth avenue, A to B streets— Bitumen ' side
walks.
franklin, Lombard to Bay— Paving, etc.
Diamond. Seventeenth to Eighteenth— Paving,
etc "'
Collingwood, N'ineteentn to Twentieth— Paving
etc. o>
Sixth avenue. BtoCstreets-BItnmen sidewalks.
Diamond, Eighteenth to Nineteenth— Pavln?. etc'.
Golden Hate avenue, ill more to steiner streets-
Stone sidewalk*.
Fill more. Golden Gate avenue to TurK street-
Stone sidewalks.
Guerrero, Nineteenth to Twentieth— Stone side
walks. .. -.:
Guerrero, Fourteenth to Fifteenth— Paving, etc
Huron avenue, Sickles to Mission streets-
Cloiine.
Nineteenth, Sanchez to Castro streets— Plank
sidewalks.
snotwell. Seventeenth to Eighteenth-Stone
sidewalks.
Tweuty-flrst, Folsom to Harrison— Paving, etc.
PETITIONS. •
Commercial, Front to Davis-Basalt.
Chenery, Castro to Kandall— etc
Fell. Masonic to Stanyan. south half— For pro
portional assessment on paving.
Van Ness avenue— To be declared a boulevard.
Polk. Greenwich to Lombard— To readvertise for !
bid* for grading.
Van Ness, Pine to Hayes-Provision for bitumen.
Aldine, Wil'ard to JHanyan— Grading.
Dolores— be declared a boulevard.
Dolores, Fifteenth to Nineteenth—
paving. *
Khvood. O'Farrell to Mason— For acceptance.
Market and He* ervoir— To be released from con
tract on water inlet.
Brannan, near Kreelon— Plank sidewalk.
Jackson, mm to Davis— Plan sidewalks.
Geary, Market to Point Lobos to Fifth avenue to
park— Geary-street rail road franchise.
Fell, Scott to Devlsadero-Stone sidewalks.
Polk, Greenwich to I.ombard-Uradli:g: that sur
veyor be required to report amount of.
Colllngwood, Eighteenth to Nineteenth—Bitu
men.
California. Central to Walnut— For release from
■ewer contract.
Seventh avenne, L to X— Grading.
l'olnt Lobos, Fourth and Fifth avenues— Release
from contract for water inlets.
Dolores— Paving certain blocks be postponed.
Eighteenth avenue south and L— For rejection
of bids on sower.
Twenty-first, Potrero to Hampshire— .
Greenwich, Leavenworth to Hyde— Grading.
Prospect avenue, Coso to Ksmeralda— Sewer out
let.
Lafayette Park— to be maintained.
Mission, Rlchland to Bosworth— Extension of
water mains.
Stevenson, 160 from Hermann— Sidewalk.
Elizabeth, Noe to Sanchez— sidewalks, 6
foot. • . '
York, Twentieth to Tweity-flrst-Artiflcial stone
curbs, to retain.
Moulion, from Montgomery— Sewer.
Baker, Clay to Washington— Paving, for recon
sideration of action.
Seventh avenue, K to L— Grading, etc., for pri
vate contracts. *
Twenty-flrst, Dolores to Church-6-foot stone
I sidewalk.
Flllmore, Vallejo to Green— Paving, postpone
ment for four months. :■;-.
Army. Church to Sanchez— PlanK sidewalks.
holsom, Third to Ninth-Reduction of width of
sidewalks. , i
Russia avenue. Mission to Paris— To appear be- I
fore, the board on grading,
_ Brannan. Ninth to Tenth— Extension of thirty
days on paving contract.
Eighteenth avenue south, certain blocks— For re
consideration of grading and paving.
Bernard. Taylor to Jones-stone sidewalks,
bid ( " reenwlc " to Lombard— To readvenlse for
RECOMMENDED TOR APCKPTANn:.
Bernard, Leavenworth to Jones— Bnsalt.
V? p ?'.H WeuI l . Illri1 to Twenty-fourth-Bltumen
l>.-visadero, Thirteenth to Wa:ier-Bitumen.
HalEhu Kleiner 10 Pierce— Bitumen.
Puue, Hhrader to «tanyan-»ltumen.
steiner. Clay to Washini.t^ii-Basalt.
Scott, JI;iysM to t ell— Bitumen,
sevent.enth, Folsom to Shot well— Basalt
seventeen h to lit € enth-Bltumen
Scott and Fell crossing— Bitumen. " ll «nien.
CONDITJONAI, ACCEITANCK.
Steiner, Washlnston to Jackson— Bitumen.
EXTENSIONS BECX1MMKNDBO I1Y BUPEBINTEXn-
EXT OF STREETS. "
Jlayes and Scott crossing-Paving. 30 days
da"* yeS an<1 SCOU c * 08 * in S-^e8spoo:s, etc., 30
Mission, Silver and Huron-Grading, etc., SO
dav Uteemh ' Church and Sanche«-Pavlng, etc., 30
BIDS TO BK ADVERTISED.
Presectt, Vail. Jo, southerly-io-inch pipe sewer.
STREET WORK TO BE ORDERED.
B»y, Jones to Lt-avenworth— Basalt.
\, vU l Scott L.evls«dero-S: O ne.id«w«llc.
Urodorick, Jefferson to Tonquln— Grading.
Ninth avenue, Point l.obos to Clement— Sewer.
Ilaignt, Sbrnder to stanyan — Sewer.
BTREET WORK RECOMMENDED BY SUPERINTEND
ENT OF 8TBEKTS.
Bay, Van Ness to Franklin— Bitumen.
Franklin, Chestnut to Francisco— Bitumen.
Franklin and Francisco, crossing— Bitumen.
Franklin, Francisco to Bay— Bitumen.
Chestnut and Polk, crossing— Bitumen.
Bay and Franklin, crowing— Bitumen.
>rankiin, Lombard to Chestnut— Bitumen.
Franklin and Chestnut— Bitumen.
Francisco, Fillniore to Broderlck— Macadam,
etc., plank sidewalks.
Francisco, Br °:lerick to Baker— Macadam, plan*
sidewalks, etc.
Devisadero, Post to Sutler, east side— Stone
sidewalks.
gutter and Sielner, crossing-Stone sidewalks.
0 tarrell and Stelner. crossing— Stone sidewalks.
Ullmore, Geary to O'Farrell— Stone sidewalks,
west side.
Fuimore, Post to Geary— Stone sidewalks, west
sice.
•*nc lner> Turk to Eddy, west side— Stone slae
walks.
Webster, Filbert toGreenwlch— Plank sidewalks.
Sixth avenue, Point Lobos to A— 8-inch sewer,
Sixth avenue and A, crossing— Brick sewer, cess
pools, plank sidewalks, etc.
Sixth avenue, A to B— Slxteenlnch sewer.
,5* h avenue and B crossing— Sewer, plank side
walks, etc. .
ESTIMATES Or SURVEYS.
Laidley, Falrmount to Castro— Cost $285.
Chelsea place. Bush southerly— Cost f SO.
J.urkin, Lombard, Van Ness and the bay, sewer
district— 360.
Laguna, Lombard, Van Ness and the bay, sewer
district— $360. -■■•..*• :.v
. LOWEST BIDS.
Mariposa, Indiana to Pennsylvania— Grading
20 cents; John Kelso.
N south, Tenth to Eleventh avenues south—Ma
cadam, grading i'O cents, curbs 15, sidewalks l l /2.
roadway 4: Warren & M alley.
.N south. Twelfth to Thirteenth avenues south-
Macadam, grading 30, curbs 15, sidewalks 1V«,
roadway 4: Warren <£ Malley.
Thirteenth; Folsom to Harrison— Curbs 76, bitu
men 181 Union Paving Company.
Eighteenth avenue south, I to J south—
Macadam, curbs 16, sidewalks 'i, roadway 4: N. C.
Wells.
Kighteenth avenue south, I crossing— Macadam,
curbs 15, sidewalks 2, roadway 4: N. C. Wells.
Eighteenth avenue south and J crossing—Muc
adam, curbs 15, sidewalks '2, roadway 4; N. C.
Eighteenth avenue and II Macadam,
curbs 16, sidewalks 2, roadway 4; N. C. Wells.
Eighteenth avenue and X south crossing—Mac
adam, curbs 15, sidewalks 2, roadway m; War
ren <t Mailer.
Eighteenth avenue south and L crossing—Mac
adam, curbs SO, sidewalks 4, roadway 8; M. C.
Hopun.
Devi.sadcro, Oak to Page-Stone sidewalks 12;
Flinn A Treacy.
■ line, nth. Church to Market— Plank sidewalks
67: James Warren.
First avenue and Clement crossing— Sewer 75,
manhole $80, corner $95; Flinn ft Treacy.
Chenery, Mateo to Roanoke— Slxteen-incb sewer
$1, manholes $30; Flinn it Treacy.
Twenty-first and Folsom— Corner sidewalks, $56;
Thoma, K. Jeal.
Chenery, Miguel to Falrmount— Sixteen-lnch
sewer $1, manholes $30; Flinn & Treacy.
Chenery, Mateo to Miguel— Twelve-Inch sewer
1 5 cents, manhole. $30; Flinn A Treacy.
Chenery, Koaooke to Castro— Sixteen. inch sewer
91, manhole $30; Fliun & Treacy.
Chenery and Mateo, crossing— Comers $95, $40;
servers 70 cents, 80 cents and 91; manhole $30;
Flinn i reacy.
Chenery and Roanoke, crossing— Corners $80
and $40. sewers 80 cents and $1, manhole $30;
Flinn & Treacy.
Fifteenth. Church to Market— Plank sidewalks,
67 cents: James Warren.
Fifteenth, I't.h to San Bruno avenue— Grading,
10 cents; A. C. Jackson.
Street. Committee Report.
In favor of communications from Su
perintendent of Streets:
Recommending street work filed May 12.
Requesting extensions of time on contracts filed
May 4 and 7. except M. C. Hogan's ninety days,
reduced to sixty days, on Tenth avenue noinh.
!«'<iuestlng street work passed to resolution
ordeiJnic work. Hied May 4.
Requesting the clerk be directed to readvertise
for proposa s on street work, tiled >lny 4.
Recommending acceptance of street woric:
Junipero, Folsom to Harrison— Bitumen.
Kissltng, Eleventh to Twelfth— Bitumen.
Bay and Leayenworth crossing— Basalt.
Recommending contracts be awarded for the
i performance of certain street work on bids of
i May 4. ..
Recommending fiat J. O. Conroy A Co. be
awarded contract to grade, etc.:
B street. Seventh to Eighth avenues.
PROTESTS' REPORTED ADVERSELY.
Pierce, Turk to Eddy— Against stone sidewalks.
clipper, Castro to Diamond— Against plunk side
walks.
! Green, Leavenworth and Hyde— Against side- I
; w»ik.
Flllinore, Vallejo to Green— Paving.
Fell, Buchanan to Webster— ravin*.
Ktanyan, Halght to Kighteenth— Stone sidewalk.
Twenty-third and De Haro crossing — Against
grading. . ■• ■ •■.■■-:•: ■
Julian avenue, Fifteenth to Sixteenth— Agrlnst
sewer, and recommend Cons. ruction of sewer at
once.
STREET WORK STOPPED.
Devisadero, Oak to Page— Sidewalks, six months.
Shotwell. seventeenth to Eighteenth— Sidewalks
for three mouths. *..'• • ..
READVERTISE FOR BIDS.
Eddy, Devisad^ro to Broderlck— Basalt.
Fifteenth, (Juerrero to ljolores— Bitumen.
Market, Valencia 10 Market— Paving.
ADVERTISE FOR BIDS.
Eddy, Franklyn to Van Ness— Bitumen.
8TREET WORK RECOMMENDED TO BE DONE.
Ewer, Mason to end — Bitumen..
Fulton, Baker to Lyon— Bitumen.
tillmore to Fell, Crussing— Bitumen.
Francisco. I »<> '.or to Jonts— Basalt.
Fourteenth, Broderlck to Alpine — Basalt.
Berry, *ixlh to Seventh — Basalt.
rr.TITION8 REPORTED favorably.
Devisadero, Oak to Page— stone sidewalks; stop
ping work six months and rejecting bids.
Polk, Greenwich to Lombard— starting
work again.
Falriii District, for sewer from Ocean View
to Shu Bruno avenue— Calling attention of Finance
Committee to It.
Thirtieth, Croton, Chenery and Castro districts—
{ To have grAde established as soon as funds are
j provided for.
Filbert, Hyde to Leavenworth— In favor of half
bitumen and half cobbles.
Market, opposite Sutler— In favor of bitumen
crosswalks and directing Street Superintendent to
i construct.
People's Mutual Telphone— To establish electric
i system ; order amended.
' Cortlaud avenue, Mission to Andover — Wooden
sidewalk.
Twenty-fourth and Dolores to Chattanooga— Cor
ners: extension of 15 days.
Fell, Masonic to Slanyan— Paving, for a propor
tional assessment.
Huight, Shrader to stanyan— Iron stone sewer;
referred to Superintendent of Streets to recom
mend work.
Church, Market to Fifteenth— Sidewalks; re
| ferred to Superintendent of Streets to recommend
i work.
Twenty-first, Dolores to Chnrch— Plank side
walks; referred, to Superintendent of Streets to
recommend work.
Seventh avenue, K to L— Grading, etc.; private
contract.
PETITIONS REPORTED ADVERSELY. ,
Fifteenth. Valencia to Guerrero— Paving; for re
consideration of award.
Hermann, Valencia to Guerrero— To fill trenches
with rock: proposed to pave with basalt.
Scott, south of Fell— For further time to lay side-
COMMrWICATIOJJB FAVOBKIX
First avenue, Lake to Presidio— Change of grades
would give desired 8 per cent grade. *«"«»
vision and Brannan— Bridge across sewer-
Street Superintendent directed to construct.
Lafayette square— Contractor requested not to
remove loam. ■ •
• SCRVEYS RECOMMENDED.
Lyon. southerly from Filbert— City Engineer di
rected to make surveys at cost of 9187 60.
Mission, blocks 13 and 14-Clty Engineer di
rected to make surveys at cost of 9169.
Lundys lane. Esmeralda northerly—Recom
mending grades.
Brazil, Amazon, Russia and Persia avenues—Di
recting City Engineer to make surveys at cost of
Ocean avenue. Ingleside to Boulevard-Directing
City Engineer to make surveys at cost of $496.
PROTESTS PLACED OK FILE.
Lotta's fountain— Protest against painting. Privi
lege to paint indefinitely postponed.
Thirteenth, Noe to Sanchez— sidewalks.
j PETITION PLACED ON FILE.
Lower terrace, Seventeenth to Serpentine— Wid
ening and creating assessment district.
PROTESTS FAVORED. ■
Twenty-third, Valencia to Guerrero— Renumber-
DATE OF HEARING OBJECTIONS.
Buchanan, Pine to California-Paving. May 25.
Stanyan, Halght to Eighteenth — Sidewalks
ill ay ■_';,.
APPEAL FROM ASSESSMENT.
Pine, Devisadero to BroJerick— Paving. Placed
on tile.
COMMUNICATION FILED.
Baker, Lombard to the bay— From Superintend
ent of streets. Filed May 4.
STREET WORK BARRED FOR BIX MONTHS.
De Haro, Twenty-second to Twenty-third—
ing. .-.,: •
Rhode Island, Twenty-second to Twenty-third—
Grating. ;
Twenty-third, Rhode Island to De Haro—Grad
ing.
Treat avenue, Twentieth to Twenty-first—Pav
in?.
Treat avenue, Twenty-first to Twenty-second—
Paving. • ..... . aKE5
Fourteenth, Folsom to Howard— Paving.
>«'oe, Fourteenth to Fifteenth— Paving.
ASSESSMENT CONFIRMED.
Jefferson and Brodeilck— Grading.
The Mechanics' Institute ana Manufacturers'
and I'roducers' Home Industry Fair is still
four months away, but the managers thereof
hnve received nearly fifty written applications
for space in the exposition. This is only one
third of the number who have tkgaiAm their
intention to mate exhibit*, and who in fact
are preparing to mako displays of home prod
ucts. The manH(TL-ra regard this early applica
tinn as an indication of one of the most pros
perous fairs ever held in this City.
His Accusation Brought Up
Before Judge Wal
lace.
IT MUST BE TRIED.
The Defendant's Demurrer Based
Upon Lack of Juris
diction.
OVERRULED BY THE COURT.
A Writ of Prohibition Will Be Asked
For at Once From the Supreme
Judges.
All the morning session of Judge Wal
lace's court his Honor sat and listened to
Mr. l'illsbury argue on his demurrer to
the accusation of Andy Clunie against
John D. Siebe, the Assessor.
The accusation brought by Mr. Clunie i
was in pursuance of the action brought in
the Supreme Court and in anticipation of
its result. His changes were based on the
fact that the property of the Market-street
Railway Company, alleced to be worth
$17,500,000. was assessed for only $3,000,000,
and he wanted to have the Assessor re
moved from oth'ce because of misconduct
for thus underassessing the property.
In the Supreme Court the Justices said
that the court could not pa3S upon the
propriety of an assessment. If it were
wrong, the Assessor might be removed
from office, but the Board of Equalization
iraa the only court of appeal from an as
sessment supposed to be unjust.
Pursuant to the implication thus con
veyed, Clunie tiled an accusation against
the Assessor in the Superior Court, and
yesterday it came up for trial. Mr. Pills
r»ury. for the railroad and the Assessor,
demurred on the ground that the court
had no jurisdiction— it was An assessment
matter and the courts could not interfere.
He further argued that no corrupt mis
conduct had been charged, in fact he said
the Assessor had been deceived by mis
represeutations made to him and had
based his assessment on these representa
tions, believing them to be correct. The
section of the code under which the pro
ceedings were held, he continued, did not
apply in this case. Had the Assessor re
fused to aspeB* the property at all then it
might apply, but the property had been
assessed and at what the Assessor thought
a fair valuation and, Mr. pillsbury argued,
no one could accuse him of wrong-doing
under the circumstances. He concluded
by baying that if the court sustained Mr.
Clunie in his position it would then have
to adopt the functions of the Board of
Equalisation and determine the value of
the railroad's property.
In re ( >!y Mr. Ciunie said that the prop
erty was admittedly worth $17,500,000;
the assessment was $3,000,000, and be
thought that fact misconduct enough to
bring the proceedings. The Assessor, he
said, is directed by the constitution to
assess property at its full value, and once
more he alluded to the discrepancy.
Judge Wallace overruled the demurrer.
He said he believed the court had a right
to review assessments, and he believed in
tli if case there was cause for review. That
the Assessor had a rignt to exercise his
discretion, he said, was evident, but in
the cabe at bar he thought the vast differ
ence between the figures warranted a
trial.
Mr. Pillsbury wanted until Thursday to
prepare an answer and also to secure a
writ of prohibition from the Supreme
Court, but Judge Wallace refused any
more time than to this morning, and so
the case will come up again at that time.
Before it proceeds far, however, a writ of
prohibition will be applied for and the
case will come before the Supreme Court
rirst.
She Distributee an Estate Valued at
Two Hundred and Fifty Thou
».-111 • I Dollars.
The will of Carrie W. P. Coleman, widow
of the late William T. Coleman, was filed
for probate yesterday.
She left an estate valueil at ?250.000. To
her son, Robert Lewis Coleman, is left $50,
000; $50,000 more is left to the Union Trust
Company in trust for her grandson, Wil
liam Fell Coleman. Ho is now 11 years
old. Until he reaches 21 years of age he
will receive $100 a month. When 21 he will
be given the accumulated income and from
that time until he is 30 years old he will
be fciven the full income every month.
Then the principal will become his.
The remainder of the estate is left to
RoDert Lewis Coleman in trust, he to re
ceive the rents and profits during his life;
at his death the principal will go to his
children, if he has any, or if not to the
children of Julia O. Bacon, Bister of the
testatrix.
The personal property, jewelrv and other
household valuables are distributed to va
rious relatives of the deceased.
Thirty and a half ton9 of flowers, princi
pally narcissi, or 3,258,000 blooms, in 4890
boxes, reached Peuzance froni the Scilly
Islands recently.The City Is Flooded With
Well-Executed Half-
Dollar Pieces.
FULL STANDARD WEIGHT
Have the Proper Ring and Almost
the Legal Amount of
Silver.
ONE HUNDRED PER CENT PROFIT
Thought to Be the Work of Eastern
Crooks— Low Price of Silver
en Incentive.
Secret service Agent Nick Karris has
reason to believe that half-dollars are
beinemnde in San Francisco outside of
coined at the Mint under Govern
on. If this assumption is
not true, then there is a large-sized coun
terfeiting establishment within easy dis
tance oi' this City.
For nearly three years past the banks
and merchants generally have received
through unknown channels the most dan
peroi> counterfeit half-dollars ever made.
They i assed without question wherever
led, and it was only when one fell
lie hands of an expert that its
s; urious character became known.
No particular effort was made to locate
the manufacturers; first, because not a
dangerous numoer was in circulation un
til three months asro, and second, the
counterfeit was so vastly superior to any
thing ever attempted or accomplished on
this coast that the officers thought it a
bi waste of time to look fot the offend
ers here-
During the past ninety days, however,
the banks and mercantile houses have
been literally overwhelmed with the stuff
and n it a day passes that some of the coin
is not sent to the Secret Service office. So
general is the circulation that the bank
officials now pay particular attention to
half-dollar pieces, though much of it still
passes their hands as genuine.
The principal difference between the
counterfeit half and that made by the
Government is found in the engraving,
though in some instances a microscope is
needed to distinguish between the good
and the bad. Again, the die in the spu
rious article does not cut nearly so clear
or (Jeep as in that coined by the Mint.
In weight the two pieces are identical,
bat the counterfeit contains only --4
grains of silver, while the standard is 000.
The difference in weight is made np in
Mime white metal closely resembling sil
ver. The ring of the new counterfeit is
ju-t as clear as that of the half turned out
tiy the Mint, which makes detection far
more difficult.
Secret service Agent Harris says that it
is the most dangerous silvpr connterfeit'he
Las ever encountered. He can lay his
hands at nearly any moment on the men
on the coast who have in times gone by
been convicted of counterfeiting, but the
new article so far surpasses anything ever
done by them; that he is contident that
some Eastern pang has established head
qnarters here or close by.
One reason given as to why so many of
the new counterfeits are being turned out
now is the low price of silver. In every
one of the spurious half dollars passed
there is a profit of 100 per cent.
Detective Harris is working quietly on
the case, and hopes before many days to
secure such evidence as will result in the
capture of the plant, and those now suc
cessfully operating it.
Narrow Escape of the Freight
Clerk of the Steamer
Hope.
Nearly Gcred to Death on Shipboard
by an Angry Berkeley Cow
Yesterday.
J. H. Mills, freight clerk on the steamer
Hope, had an experience yesterday that
he is not Jikely to forget for many a month
to come. Cows are at a discount in Berke
ley just now and everybody is anxious to
get rid of them in order to avoid the sum
mer feeding. Quite a number of the milk
givers came over on the Hope yesterday,
and some of them proved to be vicious.
One broke away from the deckhand who
had her in charge and stampeded several
others. Mills attempted to stop the run
away and was cornered. The cow butted
Him in the chest, and while preparing for
another onslaught the freight clerk slipped
away with the cow after him.
The four-footed animal was the quicker
of the two and pinned Mills against the
smokestack, Her starboard horn pierced
his leg, and she was just preparing for
nnotder rush when assistance arrived.
Mr. Mills was removed to a drugstore on
Market street, near East, and later was
to his home in Oakland. The cow
w:ip driven to the shambles.
The Pacific Coast Steamship Company's
Euri-ka. the 1'ish Commission steamer
-Uiijttross and the Mare Island tug 1'na
dilla had a very pretty rare from Port Har
ford to Ban Francisco last week. Captain
.'fjisen did not push the Eureka in any
manner, bat his practical knowledge of
the coast nnd ocean currents stood him in
tiood stead. He stood close inshore, thus
escaping in a measure the head wind and
heavy swell, and in spite of the fact that
he hail Btop at half a dozen points, in
cluding Monterey and Santa Cruz, he
(locked his vessel almost as soon aa the
Vnadilla came to an anchor.
The Albatross was an hour later reach
ins; port. The Eureka is called a "freight
boat," but Captain Jepsen keeps her as
••lean as a new pin, and there is not a
yacht that sails the hay of Ran Francisco
tnat can show whiter or better kept decks.
Captain Hail, the jovial and popular
skipper of the sUumer Corona, has been
playing In liard luclc lately. On the last
trip hio pet canary pot away and started
"a life on the ocean wave" on its own ac
count. The steamer was stopped and a
boat lowered, but before the bird was re
covered it was half arowtied. Once aboard
everything possible was done, but it dic-d,
and Captain Hall made a coftiri for it out
of a citar-box and buried the remains off
1'oint Conception.
On the next trip of the Corona, Captain
Patterson , the Columbia River pilot, pre
■ented Hah with a weasel. The animal
was put into a bird cage, and Hall fed it
on banta ISarbara mineral water. It died,
and there was another funeral at gea. The
gallant master of the Corona now asserts
that too much water is not good for either
man or boast.
The battle-ship Oregon 13 to go on the
diydock and receive a thorough overhaul
in^, fche will then be completed in every
detail and handed over to the United
States authorities.
The new steamer Czarina, which is on
lyr way here to take the place of the
Homer in the Beaver liili coal trade, was
at banta Barbara yesterday. Her boiler
lubes are leaking, so the tug Fearless was
Bern clown to bring fcer to San Francisco.
On her arrival here she will be thorougniy
overhauled and put in commission. She
is a handsome craft, and will be a welcome
addition to the Coos Bay fleet.
Ihe sloop yacbt b'tar had a bad half
hour of it yesterday. She ran foul of the
mail steamer Citv of Sydney and Jost her
bowsprit and gaff and part of her rail.
Ihe schooner Mary Gilbert from Mexi
can ports had a hard time of it reaching
• an Francisco. Sue ran short of provisions
and had to put into Port Harford. Strong
northwest winas delayed her again and
another stop had to "be made at Santa
Cruz. From start to finish it was a battle
against the elements, and both master and
men were more than glad to reach bun
r ran cisco.
There was an exodus of prisoners from
Folsom for San Quentin yesterday. Twenty
h've criminals went over on the Tiburon
ferry-boat at 5:15 p. m., mud three of them
had Oregon boots on. One of the criminal*
was Marina, the man who assisted Chris
Evans tu escape, and the others are serv
ing sentences ranging from grand larceny
to assault to murder.
Dr. Preston Arrented on Complaint of
Hir 31otht*i— iu-Law.
Dr. Walton H. Preston, whose marital
troubles have kept him conspicuously be
fore the public for the past two years, was
arrested yesterday afternoon on the com
plaint of Mrs. Elizabeth A. Bryant, his
mother-in-law, for failure to provide for
his two children. He was released on $J00
bonds.
There is a divorce suit pending between
Dr. Preston and his wife in Judge Sea
well's court and Preston ?ays it is because
Judge Hoaweil hay rofu*e<l 10 permit him
to see his children that he has declined to
support them. He is willing and ready to
support them, but wants to be treated
like a human beinp. He blames his
mother-in-law for all of his troubles
past and present and says he
prays for the day when the divorce pro
ceedings will be ended.
They Have Suffered and Bled,
but Are Hopeful of the
Future.
A G^od Reputation for Honesty, but
a Speculator a Little Tco
Reckless.
The friends of Leroy G. Harvey who
loaned him money, who entrusted him
with their business, wbo took his advice
on investments and who have not profited
thereby, have still a good word to say of
him. at least a few who have been seen
have said the good word.
Scores of people have invented gold coin
in their confidence in Mr. Harvey and in
some cases th^ir receipts have been on a
basis of less than sixteen to one. In other
cases their receipts have been less than
one. But, a few who have been inter
viewed, and who have lost and sorrowed,
have said that they are not grieving, that
they still retain confidence in the san
guine and speculative Harvey, and some
syroi.nthizp with him in his misfortunes,
although they have shared them.
They say that he has held offices of trust
and responsibility for many years, one of
those offices being the secretaryship of the
Merchants and Mechanics' Bank, and that
he has never before been involved in pe
cuniary difficulties.
A member of the firm of W. R. Knight's
Company, 600 Front street, said that some
time ago Harvey had received from the firm
?900 with which to pay certain insurance
premiums then due or about to become
du» from the tirm, and that he had appro
priated or neglected to pay about $200 of the
amount. Harvey aiso induced Vice-Presi
dent Blair of the same firm to investJll.OOO
in a&cheme to run a railroad to Bolinaafiay,
and also to take stock in the California and
Nevada road running back of theBerkeley
hills to Walnut Creek. Seven hundred
and forty dollars of Mr. BlaiB's money fol
lowed the rest in this way.
One day Mr. Blair, just before bank
closing time, gave Harvey $74u to deposit
in the bank for him. Harvey suggested
that instead of depositing the money he
should give Mr. Blair his check on the
American Bank and Trust Company of
San Francisco. The check was given, and
when Mr. Blair returned to Sacramento
he received a dispatch from Harvey re
questing him to hold the check fora while.
The check is yet in Mr. Blair's safe, in
Sacramento, in a remarkable state of pres
ervation.
There is also a report o* bills owing to
Dr. Small of Oakland, Mrs. Hall of San
Francisco and others.
His friends say that Harvey is honest,
and that his failure is caused by overcon
fidence and ill-starred speculations. They
point with pride to the fact that he and
his wife have legally adopted from six to
eight orphan children, and say that a man
who couild do that must have a good heart.
The State Board of Examiners' Expert
Was Illegally Appointed.
The Supreme Court Has reversed the
decision of the lower court in allowing
Thomas A. Lewis a writ of mandate to
compel the State Comptroller to pay his
salary as expert to the State Board of
Examiners.
Lewis was appointed expert to the
board at a salary of $2000 a year on June
28, 18f>r>. He served a month and then
put in a bill for $166 86W, the monthly sal
ary he was promised. The board allowed
the demand, but the Comptroller would
not pass it. The courts were applied to
and a writ directing the Comptroller to
pay was issued. An appeal was takeu,
and now the Supreme Court has rendered
a decision which practically makes Lewis'
place vacant. It Bays his appointment
was illegal.
Such a position as expert to the State
Board of Examiners is not mentioned in
the appropriations of the Legislature, the
court says, and, besides, if the Board of
Examiners can hire an expert so can every
board. Lewis' appointment was made
under an excess of authority, tue court
fays, and so his salary must remain in the
treasury.
David Gasberry, a colored Rambler, was ar
rested yesterday by Policeman McGrew on a
warrant charging )iim with threats to kilL
The complaining witness Is Miss llattie Wlnn,
with vhom (i.isbcrry liad been living. They
uuarreled, and early yesterday morning Gas
berry \v<-nt to Mrs. Han*cn's,on Tehama street,
where Hattie was liviug, and carried away
several silk dresses he had given her. Hattie
declared he also threatened to kill her; hence
his arrest.
To-morrow evening, at the Temple, 115
Turk street, under the auspices of liberty
branch of the Socialist Labor party, there is
promised a gathering of special interest to the
advocates of the socialist cause. A lecture
will be delivered by an old veteran in the
trades union movement. T^e subject will be,
i "Hakes and Fakers in the Labor Movement."
i The opening speech will be delivered bv P.
; Kos8 Martin, and the musical portion of the
1 evening's exercises will be augmented by the
presence of recent convert io the movement—
the cornel solo player, Appliger. In addition
to selected airs on the cornet and a piano solo
; by John H. Lee, a member of the society,
sociological essays and addressts by other
i prominent sociuli.-t members will help to make
J the exercises interesting as well as instructive.
The Union Will Appeal to the Attorney-
Gt'neral and Governor
Budd.
A special meeting of the Granite-cutters'
Union was held last evening to further
discuss the unjust competition of convict
labor against free labor in the matter of
1 cutting and dressing granite by felons at
Folsom.
Resolutions thanking the press of this
j City for its help in exposing the scandal
I connected with the convict-cut Grant
\ monument for the park were passed.
It was decided to communicate with the
Attorney-General to see if there is any
law in the statute-books that will prevent
convicts cuttine stone to be sent all over
the State. It is understood that such a law
rotating to the manufacture of wooden
wares and woolen goods by convicts is in
I existence.
Another communication is to be sent to
Governor JJudd requesting him to use his
influence to have the Prison Commission
ers cause this work to be discontinued. Re
ports were made by several members of Fol
soni convict-dressed stone being shipped
all over the State, especially to Sacramento,
Stockton and Merced.
The question was raised whether or not
the members of the union should handle
any stone quarried by convicts.
After some argument it was decide'! that
the union men will cut from any quarrv in
the State. By refusing to do so "they claim
it would throw the granite business in to the
handsof one or two monopolists in that !
line, who are always fighting the union
and employing non-union men tit the very
lowest wases. These contractors cause all
of their stone to be dres**d at the quarries,
thus preventing the stone-cutters in the
City from getting anything to do. It was
s!au?d that these monopolistic contractors
are rejoicing over the convict stone-cutting
scandal, and that they hope it will be car
ried, to the end that" no granito whatever i
will be quarried at Folsom. The rumor
that the stone for the big ferrv depot is to
be dressed by Folsom convicts is dis
credited by the union.
Carpenter! 483 May Soon Join the
Trade* Alliance.
From all appearances Carpenters' and
Joiners' Union 483 will soon send dele
gates to the San Francisco Trades and La
bor Alliance. Last evening: at a meeting
of the carpenters P. Ross Martin and '
Theodore Lynch were given an audience
to explain the aims and objects of the al
liance. In order that all members may
have a voice in the decision, it was decided '
not to give an answer until next Monday i
evening, when all may be present. Nearly
all at the fathering last evening favored
joining the alliance.
A committee was appointed to draft
suitable resolutions and a communication
to be sent to the Secretary of the War De
partment p rotesting against enlisted men
being per initted to engage in occupations
and compete with citizen workingmen.
The resolution will all special attention
to the fact that the Presidio band is fre
quently employed by individuals and so
cieties, thereby competing with musicians
who make a living by their profession.
It is like. that at the meeting of the
District Council to-morrow evening a call
will be made for a mass-meeting of all
carpenters and woodworkers, the object
being to educate the workingmen in the
principles of unionism.
At a meeting of the Painters' Union the
movement to forma paper-hangers' union
out of the organization was indorsed. The
paper-hangers will meet next Friday
evening at 115 Turk street. They will re
ceive a charter from the Painters' Union
It was deeded to send L. A. Coffin to
Sacramento to organize a painters' union
there.
» » »
Inspector Dockery at Work.
In pursuance of orders issued by the City'
Board of Health, Milk Inspector J. P. Dockery,
Health Veterinary Dr. E.J. Creely, Market In
spector Davis and Assistants B. ¥. Hanlon and
Andrew Harrigan visited the dairi- of Kick
Hansen, on the Mission road last Thursday.
This is the largest dairy in San Francisco
County. The tuberculin test was applied to
sixty cows, and out of that number only four
were, found to be affected with tuberculosis.
This, Mr. Dockery «ay», is a remarkably good
■bowing.
The Young Men's Institute
Holds Supreme
Sway.
A LAND OF CHERRIES.
Delegates With a Purpose Come
Early and Extend a
Glad Hand.
TOWN A-FLUTTER WITH FLAGS
Open Air Concert at Night— To-Day
to Bj Great, but Tc-Morrow
Greatest of All.
HAY WARDS, Cal., May 16. — Hay
wards, a-flutter with streamers and flags
hung from wires that cross and recross
the principal streets for a distance of sev-
eral blocks from their main intersections;
Haywards, the Mecca of cyclers, is tempo
rarily the Mecca for the Catholic youth of
four States. And, to add honor to the
twelfth Grand Council of the Young Men's
Institute, the town lias been arrayed in
j*ala attire tnat rivals a floral carnival.
The stores and business houses, in a
spirit of friendly rivalry, have each striven
for unique decorative effects, but every
one feels that the great main arch is the
product o! community interests.
Father Slattery of Napa, smoking a
fragrant Havana, came first, and soon
after him arrived J. H. Bruen, beaming
and shaking hands until it was whispered
about that Gilroy had come early to make
an energetic canvass for the next con
vention.
In the afternoon a whole car load came
up from the station together and they
were escorted over to Native Sons' Hall.
There they were assigned rooms at the dif
ferent hotels or at private houses, and
each was given a badge of the convention.
Soon after a few more delegates put iu
an appearance, so that by supper time
the following were ready to show the
material hospitality of Hay wards: Fred
D. Realy and Dan McCarthy of Oakland,
J. F. McGlynn of San Francisco, D. F.
Grirlin and Robert Butler of Madera,
Ernest Connihan and J. F. Burns of Peta
luma, the Rev. P. Slattery of Napa, J.
Ahem and J. J. To>>in of Port Costa,
Jimmie Gallagher and Henry Avila of
Fresno, W. J. Heney and Philip Prince
valle of Menlo Park, W. J. Sullivan of
Fan Diego, J. H. Bruen of Gilroy,
Isidore "13. Dockweiler of Los An
ireles, John Whalen of Modesto,
John McEarly of Grizzly Bluff, Humboldt
<Y>unly; E. A. Aegeler of Ferndale, Cal.;
T. J. Eagan and Matthew Maciel of Santa
Cruz, and L. E. Mauaii and A. A. Canepa
ofEureka.
• he delegation from Santa Cruz brought
up a beautiful flag that had been pre
sented by Mr.«. Horsnyder of that city, to
be carried at the head of the Santa Cruz
delegation in the parade Wednesday.
But Port Costa's representatives were on
board for an immediate purpose. The un
lucky thirteen has no terrors for them
that are not minor considerations com
pared with the efforts of Salinas and Port
Costa and Gilroy ta secure the next con
vention.
Probably the busiest man in 8an Fran
cisco to-day was F. B. Hooson, chairman
of the general committee of arrangements
and a member of the committee on rooms.
No sooner- would he be free from the not
unpleasant rebuKeof the girls when a man
with a banner would appear and want to
suspend work on the arch.
Haywards has its character, in many
respects n Rip Van Winkle, if compared
only a* regards a proclivity lor rest and
refreshment. He was out to-day solilo
quizing upon the approaching celebration,
and as he came on hia uncertain course
toward a corner where a group of persons
was gathered he became the center of a
fun-loving group that had him pose for an
I imaginary sketch, an attention so flaiter
j ing to his pri te tbat be ivpaid the favor
I by showing the tattooing on his forearms
aim by declaring vehemently that he
wasn't an A. P. A.
At 8 o'clock, with the arrival of more of
the early delegates, an open-air concert
began at the Villa Hotel, which, like the
Haywards Hotel, was aglow with Chinese
lanterns, that cast a mellow light over the
bunting-covered balconies and porches.
The music wad furnished by the Oakland
Concert band of sixteen piece?, and all ;
Haywards turned out to listen to the
music.
To-morrow is practically the opening
day of t :e weeks convention. It will
beiin with high mass and a sermon by
the Rev. Peter C. Yorke, in All Saints'
Church, ana will conclude with a grand
I invitational ball in Native Sons' Hall, fol
lowed by an elaborate special banquet at
the Villa Hotel.
Another Effort to Be Made to Settle It
This Week.
W. B. Curtis, manager of the Traffic Asso
ciation of California, and J. C. Stubbs,
traffic manager, and Charles F. Smurr.
! general freight agent, of the Southern Pa
j eitic Company, left for Denver last night
| to attend the meeting of the trans-Missouri
lines which is to be held in that city on
the 21st.
It is expected that action ■will be taken '
at this meeting to adjust the rate trouble
that has arisen over the tight for Utah
business between the Southern Pacific on
one side and the lines east of Oregon on i
the other.
Mr. Curtis goes to repiesent the interests
of the California merchants, and the
other two gentlemen, rppresenting tne
Southern Pacitic Company, will co-oper
ate with h;ni in securing as fair rates for
California products and manufactures as
are accorded to those of the East.
A Resolution Unanimously
Adopted by the Women's
Congress Yesterday.
New Officers Elected for the Ensuing
Y ar and a Very Quiet Meet
ing Held.
The Woman's Congress Association of
the Pacific Coast held iis annual meeting
for the election of officers and the reading
of reports yesterday morning in Shasta
Hall.
The list of officers for the ensuing year
is as follows:
Fiasident, Mr?. Sarah B. Cooper; vice
president, Mrs. John F. Swift; recoiding
secretary, Mrs. Ado Van Pelt; correspond
ing secretary, Mrs. George T. Gaden; treas
urer, Mra. Louise A. Sorbier. Directors —
Mrs. Lovell White, Mrs. Henry Krebs,
Mrs. A. A. Sareent, Mrs. Austin Sperry,
Mrs. Garrison Gerst.
The treasurer's) report showed that dur
ing the preceding vear tho receipts were
|1O22 HI, the disbursements $U5* 50, leav
in g a balance of $64 11.
The membership uuring the past year
was 5o">.
An amendment to the constitution, pro
posed by Mrs. Gaden, for tne purpose of
obviating the difficulties which arise from
holding the annual meeting in connection
with the general congress, was adopted.
It was proposed that the congress pass a
resolution of sympathy and send it to
Mrs. John Hayes Hammoi.d. The pro
poser was careful to state that no political
significance could be attached to the act.
C. F. Howard Fnand Dead in UN Bed
Yesterday Morning by Detective
Cody.
C. F. Howard, a sure-thing gambler and
all-round crook, was found dead in his bed
at 405 Geary street, room 38, yesterday
mornine. The case was reported to Dep
uty Coroner llallett by Detective Cody.
Howard has a widow and two children
in Sait Lake City, but he came to tbiB City
from Los Angeles last Saturday. He
secured rooms at 405 Geary street and at
once took to his bed. He failed to appear
yesterday morning, fend repeated attempts
to arouse him failing to elicit any response
ti'i- door was finally broken open and
Howard was found dead, as already told.
At the Morgue the effects of the dead
I man were carefully examined. In two f
! small hand-satchels" was found a complete j
gambler's outiit, including the "shell !
Kame," "double locks" and loaded dice. j
In addition to this was a large assortment
i of blank checlts on almost everv bank on |
I the Pacific Coast. There were three drafts
i properly filled ont and nignct. calling for
amount* ranging from $10 to $1000. Tne ;
last-named draft was on a party in New
York. One of the blank checks was per
forated to indicate the sum of $1250.
The police claim to know Howard, al
; leging that he was an all-round confidence '
; man, and a person on whom they had
, their weather eye for some time.
Detective Cody was detailed to make ,
an investigation, and this is his report to
; Captain Lees:
! A man by the name of 0. F. Howard came
I from Los Angeles on Batorday, May 1G. and :
, hired a room irom the la:i Jin ly, Mrs "H. Hover
405 Geary street. She had known Howurd-for
I some time, he having stayed there before
i about six months »«■>. When he tame in on
! Saturday he told Mrs. Heyer to pay for his
'. trunk when it arrived— that was about 6:30
i P. M. on Saturday— ami he would refund the
money to her. She raid ?."> cents for the trunks.
Then she met him Sunday evening about G
o'clock and sbe asked him for the 7ij cents,
■ which he paid to her, and he then went to his
j room, ana she did not see him again until
i this morning, when she opened the door to lot
Mike Golden in, and when she did she found
Howard dead, and telephoned to Captain
llealy. I went up to the h*ouse and found
Howard dead. I telephoned to Captain Healy
and he told me to mACe an investigation of the
case and to telephone to the Coroner, which I
. did. Deputy McGionia took charge of the body
all his personal effects", which consisted of
trunki an i two valises, one hunting-case
watch and chain and 60 cents. There
were two and a half bottles of beer and one
■ empty beer bottle.
I have known Howard for a number of years,
and he is a sure- thing gambler aud known by
the nanir of HoWard, alia-; l'.en Anderson. The
landlady says that ne has been treated by Dr.
Farnuni' for kidney troubles. Mike Golden
says that Howard has been drinkinc heavy of
late. He had been dead sometime when found.
Fhe members of Howard Presbvterian
Church, on Mission street, are distressed be
cause of a report to the effect that the sale of
a part of Uioir ediiice means that services will
be discontinued. The new ohurch will not be
reaay for occupancy till July.nncl np to that
time services will be conduiMed in the chapel
adjoiuiiig the old lioward Church, on Mission
street.
• — ♦ — •
The League of the Cross Cadets, Company M.
First Regiment, will Kive their first entertain
meut and ball at California Hall this evening.
Captain I. J. Pinan will make an nddress, nud
there will be an excellent mnslcal and literary
programme, followed by dancing.
910
Yankee Doodle Won in a Canter
at the Spicy Odds of
15 to 1.
CHARTREUSE BADLY BUMPED.
Flashlight Downed His Field Cleverly.
Red Glen in Front of Ruinert
in a Drive.
A very sharp dealer in prices laying odds
in the betting ring at the Bay District
track marked up 15 to 1 against Yankee
Doodle, who was one of five starters in a
six-furlong sprint that was the fifth event
decided yesterday, and then awaited the
coming of the hayseed play. Presently it
came. A young man who looked as
though his experience on half a dozen
different circuits should have proved a
better teacher, tendered this intrepid pen
ciler a $20 piece, getting a ticket in return
calling for $3C0 against the shining gold
double eagle. The young man placed the
ticket in his pocket, the penciler smiled
knowingly and the ?20 piece was imme
diately locked up in the strongbox. One
of the first persons in line back of this
bookmaker's stand at the conclusion of
the race was this same young man, for
Yankee Doodle came to town and won a
city block.
It was a great surprise. George Miller
was a prime 4 to 5 favorite, but at no time
'ooked liKe the money. Toano took the
ead at the start, going away at a merry
vace. At the far turn he still had a slight
i* d vantage over Yankee Doodle and Char
treuse. At this stage the latter mare was
dumped and fell back as though cut down.
Yankee Doodle strode to the front in the
stretch, passing the judges the easiest sort
of a winner in 1:14 The favorite finished
strong, managing to head Toano out for
the place.
The weather savored strongly of snow
shoes and tobogganing, and the attendance
was rather limited. Considering the class
of horses at present racing, the sport was
extremely good. First choices evidently
felt the cold to a marked degree, for but
two out of the seven sent to the post
earned winning brackets.
Eleven platers lined up in the first race
of the day, a live and a half furlong
scramble, with the black mare Virgie A
ruling an 11 to 5 choice. She made the
running from the start, and passed the
stand an easy winner by two lengths, with
Marionette, the second choice, getting the
place in a drive from Vera, who was well
back toward the close at lengthy odds.
The talent overlooked the fact that
Flashlight, who carried a "catch" and
made such a good showing on Saturday,
was in against much inferior company in
the second event at six furlongs, and
allowed him to go to the post practically
unbacked at odds of 5 to 1. He came from I
behind and, passing America and Grade !
S in the stretch, won easily by a length
and a half in 1:152£. America, who fin
ished in the place in front of tne gray
mare Gracie S. was a 4 to 1 second choice
in the ring. Warrago, the '!).< to 1 choice,
got lost in the shuffle, making no showing
whatever.
A miscellaneous assortment of good,
bad and indifferent performers started in
the mile soiling dash, and the antics of
many of them at the post would indicate
that they were members of the light ar
tillery. In the betting Jennie \V at threes
was a Blight choice over Articus, Arno and
All Smoke, who were quoted a shade '
higher in tne books. After a series of cir
ens tricks at the post, Ferguson sprang
the lever to a good start. The outsider,
Verdette. led the way to the stretch, with I
the others will bunched behind him. Ar- !
ticas came strong when squared for the
wire, taking the lead and through superior
riding on the part of Mike Hennessy beat
All Smoke, ridden by H. Brown, ahead at
the wire in 1:44. Mia Gavin, an outsider,
finished in the show.
The brown colt Ruinart was asked for
the first time to go seven furlongs In a
race, and so well thought of was he that
in the letting on the fourth event he was
at one time equal favorite with Red Glen,
both being held at 8 to 5. When the stable
money went in on Red Glen he was rubbed
to 7 to 5 and 13 to 10, and Bookmaker
Rose's colt receded to twos. Walter J,
Peru and Morven carried a few dollars on
their chances. At the webbing Walter J
acted badly as usual, but the field was j
finally dispatched to a nice start. Walter
J, with. Morven at bis heels, set the pace
to the stretch, Red Glen and Ruinart
trailing the loaders. The latter, followed
by the favorite, gradually overhauled the
outsider, and in a drive Coady got the first
choice past the stand half a length be
fore the brown colt in the fast time of
1:27J£. Show honors went to Walter J.
Bob Stipe uncorked a warm in tno sixth
race, a cheap six-furlong selling dash.
Daisy A, a black sister to the fast Lottie
D, was allowed to remain stagnant in the
beeting at odds of 20 to 1, and alternating
in second place with Miss Gentry behind
the 30 to 1 shot Durango, who made the
running, pulled out the last sixteenth and
in a drive beat Miffs Gentry half a length
on the wire in 1:15%. D;t*rango was third.
Oakiey. the 9 to 10 choice, was slow to get
in motion and finished in sixth position.
A five ana a half furlong spin with
seven starters concluded the day's racing.
Jim Bozeman opened a 2 to 1 choice, and a
heavy play was made on him as soon as
the odds were chalked up, forcing his odds
down to S to 5. Encino was quite exten
sively backed at 4%, as was the Duchess at
fours. When they were sent away Jimmy
Bozeman, who had the mount on the
favorite, rated along behind Road
Warmer, who went out in the lead at a
great clip. Below the drawgate the
leader tired and Bozeman took command,
only to be beaten out the last jump by
Encino, splendidly ridden bv Charley
Weber.
TRACK AND PADDOCK ITEMS.
Dan McCarthy, of white hat fame, had a
little bunch of coin down on Articus.
Starter Ferguson sent away the unruly
fields that lined uj> in tue third and fourth
events in perfect order.
Daisy A is probably the black mare that
as a two-yeur-oid was caikd Pearl D, and
who was injured before ?Ue could be sent
u> tbe post. Thirty to 1 was at one time
bi'l against hrr.
Ed Ryan, lessee of the Los Angeles race
track, was a .--pfcciator at the track yester
day.
J. B. Ferguson, who will do the start
ing throughout the Montana circuit this
Feason, received a telegram from Ed Tip
ton yesterday Mating that the manage
ment of the Montana Association had let
the bar and restaurant privilege for the
verv tidy suna of (30,000.
Down in A(>i -a among the Hottentots,
where horsoniciiig is yet in its infancy,
Carroll's finish on Hiss Gentry might be
termed ;i hurricane or 'lemon effort, but it.
looked very flat to the casual observer. A
club-footed mosquito seated in a pound
saddle, without uir use of an electric bat
tery, could abstract more speed out of an
elephant than he diii out ot thr fa^t mare.
There was quite a consultation of the
powers that be, including Presiding Judge
Uurke, associates Brooks and Smith, Henry
Ach and M. A. Gunst, all because Char
treuse, a starter in the Yankee Doodle
race, was shut off. The mare belongs to
J. C. Humphrey, who has charge oi the
betting ring and reports to the stand
horses that he thinks are "dead ones."
After a lengthy controversy Yankee Doo
dle and the others were paced as they fin
ished. After the races the stewards Jooked
into the Dumping and jostling that oc
curred in the race more thoroughly, and
California Jockey Club'* Spring Meeting, Bay District Track. Sixteenth day. Monday
May 18, i896. Weather fine. Track fast. gZ*>
1 Ofi9 fIl' T HACK— Flva and a half furlongs: gelling; three-year-olds and op: condll ons;
J_.l'_.. allowances: purse $300. ■■ ;.;-; •-
index. j Horse, age, weight. | St. V* Vi % Btr - FlD * Jockeys. lop*" n £
~U92 VIrgleA. 3 _105 "T ~Tl Tl 12 12 Bozeman ; 2 11-5
1192 Marionette.3 100 HI 10 92 8 21 Pigtott 5 9-2
1066 Vnva. 3 100 6 3h 3 1 3 1 3h I. Johnson 5 10
1179 : Cadenza. 3 105 4' 2 1 2h 21 42 Snider. 6 10
1140 Sylvia, 3 100 21 4 2 42 41 53 | Dowell SO 60
1002 \>r.» ia, 3 102 11 | 11 11 « 61 Martin 3 6
1192 Chelvo.3 102 5 7 5 Va 7 7h Ru'z JO 60
1179 Masoero.3 107 7 6 Va 6 1 5 1 8 1 i Rowan. 15 15
1192 Rajah, 3 107 3 5 h 7 V* 9 » % Sbep.yd. 40 80
11M5 Clara Johnson, 3.1 "5 8 9 8^ 10 10 2 ' Peoples. ,30 50
1164 Bit Chief, 3 107 8 8y g 10 1 11 11 .llennessy 12 15
starting-Kate used. Won handily. Winner. B. Ward's blk. f. by imp. True Brlton-BIg Berths,
Time, 1:091/4- ! ■ ■• ■■
1 *?n^ SECOND HACK— furlongs; selling; four-year-olds and upward; conditions; pure* 9300.
Index.] Horn*, age, weight. HI. i i, hi j *!* »"• j - Fin. Jockeys, ]r^* Ull> ci.
1198 Flashlight. 4 IIS 4 2'A 3 V 31 i 11 Peters. 5-2 6
118tf America, 4. 105 2 1 Ml 22 IV, 26 ' 11. Smith. 4 4
1189 Grades, 107 12 8 1^**1 31 Rosa............. 10 ■'•<-.• 15
918 Qtiarterstaff 6....112 9 6 7 6 4 V a Martin. 16 30
1197 Warrago.5 107 8 9 4 6 5 V, I* ggott ... 2 6-2
1114 Polnsici, 5 109 7 7 5 4 tin Castro...... 8 15
llfcl Rocket. « 109 6i 6 8 8 7 1 schrough. 60 83
1194 Carroll Cook. 4. ..107 li 4n 6 7 82 Rowan 100 200
1191 'sympath*l:c'sL.a.lO9 3 3^4 j 9 9 92 Coady 4 5
1187 s'vengalr:4 107 10 11 11 10 10 2 Johnson 8 30
11H1 B-r;, 6 ... . 109 6 1 10 10 11 11 Anderson 100 200
1187 Chinook, 4.... 107 13 1 131 12 12 12 Russell 10 15
1187 Mapford, 6 109; 11 ! 12 13 13 13 Peoples. ! 80 tiO
Start ing-gate used. Won easily. Winner, Hope 'lien stock farm's b. b. , by .Surinam-Laura- Win-
Bton. Time, l:15«i.
TTJTTj THIRD BACK— One mile; selling; four-year-olds and up; conditions; purs* $300.
Index. i Korse, age, weight. Bt. j Vi V* \ % j Str. Fin. Jockeys. lop.'"'"''!.
1177 Articus, 5 114 I 2h 2h 'iV* 51 h In Hennessy 7-2 4
11771 All smoke, 4 108 9 6h 6 41 41 22 it. Brown 5-2 .''-•> 4
1187 Miss (Jarvin, 4... 105 3 7 7 ; 8 5 31 Shepard 30 20
11K9 Arno.4 107 16 6 7 7 4 V4 Coady | 5-2 4
1098 Kellrlnger. a Ill 8 8 8 6 6 6- Martin 15 25
1179 Verdette. 4 110 7 31 1^ In lh 62 T. Williams.... 10 30
1199 JeromeS, a 114 8 10 9 9 8 72 c. Weber 10 12
BOO Pecksniff. 6 114 6 I 4^ 3 Va 3 y, Sn 8 1 Be-cwn | 12 7
1140 Jennie W, 6 109 10 9 10 10 10 9 5 Shields i 6 3
1197 Tamalpais. a Ml 4 11 4% 8 | 9 10 20 Wickline 100 300
1187 Rogation, 4 107 11 | 11 11 111 j 11 111 Wilson 100 300
HEartlog-gate used. Won driving. Winner, W. C. Vivell's b. h., by Argyle-Glenloch. Time,
1:44.
1 yfiZi FOURTH RACE— Seven furlongs; selling; three-year-olds and up; penalties; parse *360.
Index.l Horse, age, weight. j St. j 1/4 Vz *4 I Str. I Fin. Jockeys. Jryp?"'"!'!
(11X3)1 Bed Glen. 6 109 1 2 3% 41 42 42 11 Coady 7-6 7-6
( 1201 Rinnnrt, 3 107 6 6h 3b 3 1 3 1 22 Shields 2 'I
1193 Walter J. 3 104 .6 11 13 13 12 3n Bozeman 6 12
1193 Morven, 6 103 1 22 24 21 2 Vi 44 ! Jobnson 5 7
(1190) | Peru. 3 104 3 71 81 6 51^5V4 Martin 4 6
1173 May Day, 6 106 9 | 9 9 8 61 68 s^hepard 20 100
1100 Mls8Ruth,4 102 7 I 6h 6 1 6 j 72 76 Wilson \ 15 150
1195 Starling. 6 101 4 ! 4 V, 6h 9 19 82 Burns I 50 200
1'JOl Governor Budd, 3 97 8 | 8 2 7Vi 7 81 9 ; Piggott | 13 50
starting-gate used. Won easily. Winner, Cambridge stable's b. g.. by Gl»n Ellen-Red Girl. Time
1 -2734
I '^Ofl FIFTH RACE— Six furlongs: selling: three-year-olds and upward; parse $100.
Jndex. I Horse, age. weight. I St. I 14 % I 34 Str. Pin. Jockeys. o? 01 ''^'!
1198 Yankee Doodle.3.1 00 4 j 48 2h 1 V. ! 1 4 Martin ~8 9
(1170) (Jeorde Miller, 6.. 107 3 ! 3 1 3 2 '_' | 2h Coady 1 4-5
1180 Toano, a 107 1 | 11 11 33 ' 3 3 Hennessy 8 10
1172 I All Over, 4 110 5 , 5 6 5 4h Shields 15 12
1172 (Chartreuse II. 5.. 97 2> lb | 4 43 ; 6 Pig?ott 4 5-2
Starting-gat*, used. Won easily. Winner, Cambridge stable's b. c., by Prince Koral-Manzanlta'
Time, 1:141/4-
I *^0T SIXTH RACE— Six furlongs: selling; four-year-olds and upward; conditions; purse $300.
I I ( Betting.
Index. ] Horse, age, weight. I St. 14 14 «4 str. i Fin. Jockey. Op. Cl.
Daisy A, 5 107 2 3 2 31 3 1 1% i W. Stipe To 20
379 Gentry, a. .109 4 21 2 1V. 2 */ a 21 Carroll. 3 73
Durani{O,5 109 5 11 12 11 3 V* Peoples. 10 40
662 Km. of Norfolk. 5. 107 6 42 4 1 42 41 Martin 6 4
1176 sleeping Child,4 . 107 7 6 61 5 61 Fat] '...,.'.. 8 12
393 I Oakley. 4 114 10 9 8 7 6 2 Coady 4-5 4-5
1187 Roaecap.4 110 3 6 « 6 7 1 M. Bffin.., 10 80
1197 "San Luis Key, 5.. 109 1 7 7 8 8 2 Johnson. . .. I 16 'JO
1186 liravura, 4 107 8 8 9 9 9 Snider • VO 60
1191 Lucky I), 4 107 11 11 H 10 10 Russell 30 75
.58 Bob Tucker, 4.... 109 9 10 10 11 11 Ames VO 100
J W, 6 109 12 ] 12 12 12 | 12 Wilson 30 15
Rtarting-gate used. Won driving. Winner, R. Stipe's blk. m., by Little Alp-Kittle Dean. Time.
1:15%.
IOflQ SEVENTH RACE— Five and a half furlongs; selling: three-year-olds; conditions: allow-
<ivO. anci-s; purse *300.
Index. Horse, age, weight. I St. Vi % 1 "54 81*. Fin. I Jockeys. o rett '" Cl
llf.4 Kncino, 3 113 5 62 61 | 42 lh if. Weber ~4 9~2
1105 Jim Bozeman, 3..102 '2 21 2 Vm 32 2 1 P.ozemuu.. . 2 9-5
1100 Road Warmer, 3.107 3 11 11 12 3 2 Burns.....;.""' '. 6 6
824 Duchess, 3 105 7 ! 7 4 1 2 V4 4 Ml Pliuott. 4 4
1193 Easel, 3 105 6 3 y» 35 5 2 6 li Kowan. . . 10 12
1193 lmp.Kn(lymon,3. 4 1 61 ! 63 64 j 6 1 Martin ... ! 30 30
1140 ICarawell, 3 105 1 1 41/1 ! 7 7 | 7 Shepard i.'.-.'O 30
S:arting-gate used. Won driving. Winner, i:nclno stable's cb. c., by Imp. Brutus-May D. Time,
1:0834*
To-O«y'» Entries at California Jockey Club's Bay District Track.
Id raoes where the horses have no record at the distance to be run toe records at the next nearest
distance are given.
Abbreviations— F., fast; Fa., fair: H., heavy; m., mile; f., furlong; *, about.
FIltfcT RACE— Six furlongs; selling:
. __ _ . ,
! P.esl j
Index. ! Name. I Lbs record.! Pint. Lbs Tit. Owner. Pedigree.
1186 Ml. Air 109 1 -AY *6 88 F...J W. B. Dodd imp. Brutus-Young Jn'e
1202 Marionette ,101 1:14% 6f 101 F... IiurlesMe stable ...Imp. Muriner-Mciaiicue
1189 Zobalr ; 114 J. C. Humphrey St. Saviour-Night Hawk
1203 Symp Last 109 i Austin Co ' Fair l'lay-Sy pathetic
1183 Kweet Briar 93 no rec W. L. Sullivan ■■ 15<»n All-Frdalma
1179 Skalkuho 98 no rec. .... W. I>. Rundall Hyder All Carrie G
1169 Nerroto 107 1:09 5V 2 f 100 ! Fa. Kim wood stck farm' liiiD. Brutus-Ncrva
1208 Imp. Kndymlon 95 :55»4 ♦% f 100 ?...'< F. Harris Knterprlse-Saplentia
1179 MinniebyR.Irou 101 no r-<- Phoenix stable it-d Irou-.MIs- Met ford
1013 Japan 107 no rec. : M. T. Donovan ■ linden- KM see Ess
1143 Honiara 102 1:07% 5 V* * 104 F... . W. Karp Rathbon*-Mlss Melbourne
1194 Harry Lewis — 109 1 I. Maddox Versaiiles-CousIn K ••■
1190 Navy Blue 107 1:1434 6! . 102 F... J. Rogers .... Blue Wine Hay Betty
1160 Mlas Pollard... 93 1:02^ 6f 99 F... | L. Shearer lip. Jdallum-by" Kyr Daly
12(J3 Chinook 107 William Dixon Imp. Blackbird li-( harltC-
1203 Svengali 107 ' J.OBnyley i Verano- Experiment
1149 Von Dunk ,K>0 no rec D. Bridget Imp. Conveth-Brunova
1099 Little Tough 109 l:083.i B% f 101 F.. . A. W. j.indsiy Gltn Elm-Unknown
1186 Yreka 107 l:013.j| 6f i 9«;F... ; William Stewart ... Flood-Imp. Bridget
SECOND RACE— Seven furlongs; selling.
__ . _ _
Best ] ~~ ~
Index. I Name. j Lbs . record. I Dlsu ;Lbs|Tk.| Owner. Pedlcrea.
(1170) Pnke Stevens.. 107 1:16 6f 112 K..|O. Appleby Duke Norfolk-Edna K
116G Tliornhlli 107 1:46 : lm70y . 102 F. T. Lundy lip. Chevloi-I'hoehe Andersn
ll»<5 ll.rraaiii-a 100 1:28 if | 97 F. . J. (i. FolUnsbee.... Fresno-sister to JlmDon'glsi
1183 Meadow Lark.. 102 1:16 «f 1 109 F .. ' Kim wood stck farm i Imp. Brutus-Nabotte
(1195) Kicardo 104 1 :16V4 6f 10. . H.. S. F. C»p r s... ...... ' Wii<iidl(>-Hl(ir- Bonnet
1205 May Kay 107 1:411,% 1 m 104;F.. A. P. Miller.. John A-Lowena R
1197 Tar and Tartar. 104 1 :49-% U-JSm 104jFa. A. O. Morris Hlndoo-Rrambaletta
1190 Charles A 104 1:45% lm 108 H. P.Archibald John A-Karlv Rose
1197 S«?asla« 102 1:15 6f . 105 P.; P. 8leb>-nthaler . . . . Imp. Marlner-Marln
118G Allahabad 102 1:32% 7 f 98 H. . W. D. Randall Hyder All-Floride
1190 KIiik r F. 1104 1:151/4 6f 104 F.. Flood more stable.. Portland-Fantasia
1187 Rapido 102 no rec K.Kaufman........ CiC!one-Xvan2a
1122 Orbit 104 ... , . . . . , Lalieview stable ... Icbeko- Flotilla
1197 Ip.yullertnLas« 102 1:1»J/| 6f 101 H.. Bhabono st-able Fullanon-Casiaway
1195 Oregon Eclipse. 104 l:l«Va 8* 113 F.. J. Bobbins Jo« Hooker-Lulu Hires
Vision 106 | ;.....!. ateil Sir Dixoti-Vlrgle 1>
1189 Lonnie B 102 I .... Y. F. M»l»-y Imp. London-Lneila
1187 'Vernon 103 1:09 81^ f 91 .. E. Hlnkleman Powbattan-Vcrna
THIRD RACE— one and an eighth miles; steeplechase.
~ i ! Best I — j - i — ———————___ ' .
Index.! Name. Lbs record.) DUt. Lbs Tk. 1 Owner. Pedigree.
1167 Arundel '. 130 no rec '.... I — | — Flood more stable... Duke Norfolk-Elaine
1090 Comrade 142 2:06 iy 8 m 148] H.. O. F. Johnson Tyrant-Blithesome
1110 Arteinus 132 2:23 j ly* m 132 F.. j A. Maddox I Argyle-by Sir M (Hired
1088 Mulo Diablo ISO no r»c ( ' — ; — ] Nevada stable.... . Jo.. Hook ilia
986 The Lark 142 8:221.4 *1% m 129 F.. I'loasanion stable . Wlldld!e-bv Monday
1096 Tom Clarke .Il88l8:gaw*l%m 134 F.. F. Fanar Julien-Hazel Klrne
FOURTH RACE— Five fur'.ones; two-year-olds. ' ; ''-':'-. *
~ j ', I ~ j Best j ~ j ' ~
Index.' Name. Lbs Record Dlst. Lbs ; Tk. Owner. redijrrefl.
1174 Dolce 108 no rrc. j .... I ..... Pueblo stable. ' Flambeau-imn. Janet N
(11X9) Viking i 108 :4B%jl/4m 1103 F.. G. Wrl«ht.... i Herald-"-||e™na
1196 The Roman — 111 :49«4 Vina 113 F.. Elmivr.od stock frm Imp Brutus-Beauty
8«po/..... 106 norec I. K. shields Hindoo-Jennie Blue
1188 Tonoise 106 no rec K. Powe ; Brown Fox-Ttironolse
1196 Lady Hurst.... 103 no rec W. .Napier Imp. -Martenhum-Chcertul
FIFTH RACE— furlongs: Belling. ' V:;;;;^;
— — ■ ■ I Kest I . j — ___ "" " ,
Index. | Kane. < Lbs record. Dlst Lbs Tk. Owner. ' Pedigree.
1167 Circe............ Ill itO^Vi 6% f 107 F.. ; Lone stable Imp. Fr»*r Tuck-Jeasle cT"
(1177) Huntsman 115 l:44y* : 1 m r 116 F... I'. Henog Prince .Vorfolk-Haidee .
(1193) \vm. Pinkerton 109 1:15% 6f ! 97 F...!s. C. Hildreth Shannon-Fannle lewis
1181 ScimlU-r. 108 1:42 | 1 m HP F... J. H. shields Imp. Kothen-Wyandotte
111.9 Model. Ill i:14% 61 101) F... C- liforr»la stable.... Imp. Sir Modred-OvnVv
1199 SeaHpray ; ll.. 1:14% Bf 100 F... P.t«l#benthaler Imp. Mariner me
1200 Rebellion 103 1:4344 1 m 101 Fa. Oakland stable Peel-Imp. Mutiny
1193 Heartsease j 99 1:14^|6f , 101 , F... J. C. Humphrey. ... | Imp. Kyrle Daly-Extract
SIXTH RACE— Flw and a half furlongs; selling.
I Best I j ~\ T ~~~ ~~ ~ ~ ~ ■
Index. ' Name. r Lbs record. Dlst. Lbs Tk. .Owner. Pedigree.
1201 l^st « hance 117 1 :02 V« | 5 * . 1U6 Fa. Oakland stable Duke Norfolk-Vt-detTe
119D Howard 110... , I R. E. Dolan.. Tyrnnt-M«v..tie u . s ■"'* ■'
I5W1 Gold B.i 117 1:09% . 5% f no Fa J. Hunter.... . Patsbuiv-Mollie H
1-.08 Road Warmer.. I 95 1:01% 6 J 108 F. . B. Kdiall .:..: ' .. Frank Rhcadoi-Belle
lid Favory 110 1:03% 5 f i 101 Fa. A. P. Miller . John A-Lowona R
1199 Crawiord 110 1:10 6% ! 108 Fa. Antrim stable ■•■•'•' Apache-Fmnia Loncfleld'
<H^ VMarb c- ; HT l : VS,y '^ f 1J " t- ■ H e"n:uen stuble. .. !lmp. Kric-Rorket
( Si : m a iJ nll ii Of * Inn VISA £ I U * I- • 1 -^'^ta«tc- : farmUr C yl-ln i r..J».n.:N
(1191) Myrtle H 100 l:02y 4 5 f 94 F. . C. W. Chuppell Torso-LaHy Lelnster
. 1194 ,Jno« apron.... 114 1:04 Bf 134 F. . C. T. ThacKer...;... Sid. Mollie Caprou
119& Irma. 105 i 1:11 5% f 104 H.. F. Brown... jat. Bavlour-EIla T
12US i America.. 110 ... II.. D. J. Tobin . 'Red Iron- Lou B
1191 isonatrMahoncy 102 :57% 4% f \ 95 .... Z. Abraham....:... (Fellow-churn
, 1191 Crackajack 110 1 :09»/ 4 By 3 f i 108 J.Rogers Inters- Ida O'Nel ■
1191 1^8; •- W8 1 03V* 8 * ; 132 F. . E. G. <;rimn ...... Iron wood Jennie Mack
«»* i? el .V'v"'"" iiw i "qi'> LI . j 2 8 Ka Jo «lll»- Klncston-Lady Oolien
1 • )J Big c hl°f 102 1 s £i» m 94 F. . Niagara stable Apache-Flora;
1186 Myron; 10, 1:08% 6% f 91 F. . T. Ramsdell.. ' I p. M'.dlothlan-by Grt Tom
1194 Joe Cotton 117 1«W{ 6 « f lv;a £•• Berkeley stable..... ;\f n-«-rs-Cotton Xose
1126 j Free Will 100 1:02 ft f | 99 . F. Jr. Hughes... Bro*n Fox-Trade Wind
1190 |Idasauer ... 112 1:19 6 f • 100 H.O. L. Bell........... Joe Kooker-AddleO'Nell
1178 Primmle.. 100 • :oOVi % m 302 F. . F. O'Kourke... Apache-Linda Vista
1194 UnaQUeAmo.. 100 1:02 it ■ 103 Fa. F. Hartm.iB Torso-Little Flush
I"? jCieorgeC i j£2 } : i_ ZYf 1 S 89 F. . J.Garrity...... Bramble-I.adv Lou
1181 Gondola 108 1:08 , : . 5*£ f 105 F. . W. P. Fl«.. ....... Fia»lt »b©a«e«-Dell»
decided that it waa purely unintentional.
No donbt in future Mr. Ferguson will
consult each member of the bookmakin^
fraternity previous to starting for the
]>ost and get the positions of the horses
from these obliging gentry. TLe kick over
the Viking start on Friday last was as
absurd as it was ridiculous and it really
seems too bad that one 'live one" that
earned sume coin escaped the "embalm
ers." The youngster is a notoriously bad
actor, but verj fast, and a few sure-thing
men tliat laid against him OB that occa
sion, thinking they were picking up a lit
tle soft money, <zot their finders burned
and cried. Possibly a benelit could be
arranged to reimburse them for their
losses.
The Breeder and Bportsman, founded in
1882, has changed hands, passing into the
possession of Jordan K. Moore of New
1 ork and the well-known writer on the
trotting horse, William G. Layng. The
paper has been enlarged four page3 and
new features added tnat will be of interest
to readers of such a journal. Ralph H.
Tozer will conduct the thoroughbred de
partment, A. Russell Crowell the rod. pun
and kennel departments, while Joseph
Cairn ( Simpson, William Freeland, "Rata
pian and other well-Known writers will
contribute to its columns from time to
time. William G. Layng will still edit the
trotting-hcrse portion of tha, paper, be
sides assisting in the business manage
ment.
In Gothic sculpture and tracery angel9
are sometimes portrayed practicing on the
bagpipe. It was occasionally used in
churches before the introduction of the
organ, which occurred earlv in the fif
teenth century.The Ohio Man's Manager
Writes That It Would
Be All Right.
A LETTER TO E. T. MILLS.
Some Lccal Democrats Received
a Diplomatic Tip From
Hamilton, Ohio.
CAMPBELL NOT A CANDIDATE.
But Then He Won d Be a Winner
and His Friends May Run Him
Anyhow.
Some of the local Democrats are think
ing of organizing a boom for the Buckeye
Democratic possibilitj', ex-Governor Camp
bell of Ohio.
He has his admirers nere, and then the
idea of running an Ohio man against ilc-
Kinley an beating the great protectionist
in bis own State, appeals strongly to some
Democratic iniazinations, and the Demo
crats are inclined to get all the joy possible
out of their imaginations while the day
iasts.
There is no consensus of opinion about
Presidential candidates here yet, and if a
Campbell movement begins it will be the
e. Pattison, Russell and Whitney
have been spoken of oftenest during the
few weeks, especially since the im
in has grown that Carlisle will not
r the race.
E. T. Mills, vice-president of the Occi-
Club, is one of the Campbell
I -urners. He is an Ohio man himself, and
he grew enthusiastic about this old rival of
McKmley's as soon a9 his name began to
be bruited nbout a little in the newspapers
in connection with the Presidential nomi- j
nation. Other Democratic sons of Ohio !
here and other Democrats who never saw
the Western Reserve or the Muskingum at
once approved of Mr. Campbell.
Some time ago Mr. Mills wrote to Ed
ward Hughes of Hamilton, Ohio, who is
recognized just now as Campbell's
manager, asking if the ex-Governor were
in the race and offering the support of
himself and other Californians if he were.
Yesterday Mr. iliiis received a letter
stating in the proper way that Campbell
was out for the 'White' House, and accom
panied by a picture showing the ambitious
one to be quite good-looking. The letter
reads as follows:
Hamilton. Ohio, May 12, 1896.
F. T. Mil'*. San / - V.y Dear Sir: Ke
piying to yours of April 'J5, I be< to thank you
lor your kind expressions sn regard to Governor
Catapbe.i, who stands verv hieh in the efilma
tion of the ptov-le of this State. Inasmuch as
he is not a candidate for the Presidential nom
ination, I can hardly bespeak your eflorts in
his behalf. He has, however, said that no man
should decline a nomination, and the Ohio
Democrats may take a notion to present his
name without his consent. We all here fe«l
that he is the only man who would have any
considerable chance for success. With best
wishes, I remain, yours truly,
Edward Hughes.
P. S.— I inclose photo of Mr. C.
It was this same Campbell that the
voters of Ohio turned down for Major Mc-
Kinley at the last election for Governor.
Mr. Campbell in recent interviews has af
fected as symmetrical and graceful a j
straddle of the financial issue as has been i
presented up to date, and has said that he !
was for the platform and for the nominee |
of the party regardless of what and who
they were.
Mr. Hughes' letter clears the way for
the»local Campbell boom that may begin
quite soon.
All Its Local Interests Placed
in the Hands of R. H.
Pease.
An Appointment Tfca: Has Been Long
Awaited With Anxiety by
the Trade.
After months of anxiety on the part of
the local agents of Eastern manufacturers
of rubber boots and shoes they were put
out of their agony yi-sterday by the an
nouncement that tne United States Rub
ber Company, the great trust organiza
tion in this line of goods, had appointed
B. H. Pease of the Goodyear Rubber Com
pany to represent the trust on the Pacific
Coast and to be the combined agent for
the different rubber boot and shoe in
terests formerly represented here sepa
rately.
The combination consolidated the busi
cesti of the Goodyear Metallic Rubber Shoe
Company, Connecticut Rubber Company,
Woonsocfcet Rubber Company, Rhode Isl
and Company, and also the companies
formerly represented by the Brown Rub
ber Company of San Francisco, consisting
oftb« Candee Rubber Company and the
Federal Rubber Company.
This pooling of the several agencies does
not mean any changes in prices as these
were advanced about two years aeo when
the trust was organized in the East. It
simply is a more in line with the policy
pursued in tlie East so as to save toe ex
penses entailed in maintaining separate
apencies in the same city.
It is understood that tne Portland (Or.)
agencies will be consolidated in the same
manner as those of this City.
The delay in making the apr>ointmen t
for San Frauci&to was due to efforts made
in the East to brins the Boston Rubber
Company into the fold, but as will be
noted this company will continue to con
duct its business independently, thoueh
ti.cru will be no war in prices between the
two interests, thete having been mutually
agreed upon when the trust was formed
This affects only the rubber boot ana
shoe interests, other rubber goods beine
Handled independently by the various
concerns as before.
Tl<« Woman's Federation Investigates
at the City Hall.
At the meeting of the Federation of
Women, held yesterday afternoon, it was
stated by the hospital committee that the
appropriation for the Receiving Hospital
was all exhausted, and that appeals are
now being made for private aid to carry on
; the institution.
The prison and hospital committee re
ported that the City Prison is in a horribly
unsanitary condition, all the drains are so
out of order that the place is practically
without drainaee, and the consequence of
this is a condition of affairs rivaled only
by Russian prisons. Mrs. French stated
! that thirty women had been penned up on
. Sunday night in one cell, and that the
place was not fit for human habitation.
The committee on health and police stated
that one of its members had waited on the
Board of Health and represented the state
of thincs, but that no reform had yet
been received. Mrs. French said that a
special appropriation would be necessarv
to make the City Prison sanitary.
Dr. Pattiscn Says: "Advertise
Religious News With
Amusements."
Baptist Ministers Appoint a Committee
to Wecoine Back the Rev.
J. Q. A. Henry.
Ilev. Alexander Pattison of Chicago
gave the Presbyterian Ministerial Union
some hints yesterday on how to preach the
Gospel to the unsaved.
"I recommend," he said, "a course of
Evangelistic services to weary pastors,
becaube of their inspiring influences.
Every church worker should be trained to
think that the saving of the lost is his
special mission."
Dr. Pattison showed no sympathy for
encouraging the unconverted to do hu
manitarian deeds. "It is a mistake to
preach the Sermon on the Mount to the
unregenerate and imagine one is spread
ing religion. Humanitarian efforts do not
bring people nearer to God. These efforts
must be made by consecrated Christians."
The speaker was strongly in sympathy
with a church not letting its light be tad
under a buBhel. "It would pay to insert
advertisements of the church in the amuse
ment columns of the papers. Take sug
gestions from the business men around
you and advertise your work well, have
extracts from your sermons inserted in
the papers and prepare the extracts "your
selves. All these things attract the at
i tendon of the unsaved. Another thing
we need is more popular music in our
churches. Classical music i3 very well— it
; is the best kind — but every one is not edu
cated up to enjoying it."
Baptist Conference.
The Baptist ministers did not listen to
any set paper yesterday, but 6pent the
time of their regular meeting in discuss
ing matters of interest to their denomina
tion.
The Christian-Jewish mission, on Mis
sion street, was one of the subjects spoken
of, approbation was expressed for its work,
and a committee was appointed to confer
with the committees already appointed by
the Presbyterians, Congregationalists and
Methodists to aid the work of Hermann
Warszawiak, the Hebrew evangelist, who
is expected to arrive in this City to-night.
The committee consisted of Rev. M. P.
Boynton, Rev. Dr. Russell and Rev. Mr.
Knight.
H. W« Quitzow announced the ap
proaching arrival of Rev. J. Q. A. Henry,
and Rev. Dr. Rus«ell. Rev. M. P. Boynton
and Rev. b. C. Keetch were appointed a
committee to welcome the pastor at the
station, in the name of the Baptist Minis
ters' Conference. It was reeolved to ask
Dr. Henry to address the meeting on
June 1.
Congregational Clnb. "
The Congregational Monday Club as
sembled for the first time yesterday at its
new meeting place in the Grand Hotel.
Uhe attendance was only mediocre and a
uart of the time of the meeting was given
up to a discussion of the advisability of
making the club a ministers organization,
though it was not proposed to eject the
lay members who at present belong to the
club.
A Daper of Professor Lovejoy, on "De
velopment in Beligion," was read by Pro
fessor Foster.
Effect of New Complication
on the Local Railroad
War.
OTHER LINES INVOLVED.
The Southern Pacific and the 0.
R. and N. Company May Be
Forced to Settle.
TRANS-ATLANTIC PASSENGERS.
Endeavor of the Railroad Association
to Secure Control of Those
Westbound.
But two important items on the docket
of the Transcontinental Passenger Asso
ciation were disposed of yesterday, though
considerable routine business, said by
Chairman Caldwell to be of no interest to
the public, was transacted. These two
matters were the handling of eastbound
transatlantic passenger business by the
association ana a new adjustment of west
bound rates from St. Paul and Minneap
olis to points south of Portland, Or., as far
asAsliiaad. Such rate? have been made
the same as have applied from Missouri
River points (Omaha and Kansas City) to
the territory specified, viz., $40.
All details with reference to the control
of transatlantic passenger business were
not completed, the subject being too com
prehensive to be finally disposed of, but
sufficient progress was made to indicate
that the project as outlined will be ulti
mately successful.
It is proposed to control this class of
traffic so aa to prevent the irregularities
■which are possible under the present sys
tem of cutting or sharing the commissions
on tne steamship or railroad ticket, or
both, witn the passenger.
Should the projected arrangement be
agreed to by the Atlantic steamship com
panies, most of which have already signi
tifd their concurrence, the transconti
nental railroads will cut the present
through fare to the Eastern seaboard $5 or
510 and then add the rates across the At
lantic to this for the through fare to the
European destinat!>:;. 1
Th^ idea is to have the secretaries ot the
various local passenper associations at
San Francisco, Los Angeles, Portland, St.
Paul and Omaha take charge of this busi
ness, so as to avoid an}" increased expense
to the association.
A similar arrangement is now in prac
tice at New York for the handling of the
westbound transatlantic business and has
been found to be one of the most satis
factory passenger arrangements ever
entered into by the railroads.
Increasing interest is being taken daily
by the association in what was until
Saturday a purely local fight between the
Southern Pacific Company ana the Oregon
.Railway and Navigation Company, and
the matter is to be formally brought to
tne attention of the association to-day by
Chairman Caldwell.
This development was precipitated by
tl>e action of General Passenger Agen't
W. H. Hurlburt of the Oregon Railway
and Navigation Company, who on Satur
day gave notice to the local passenger as
sociation that his roal on and after that
date would take advantage of the $2 50
Becond-class and $5 first-class cut-rates
now effective on the steamers between
here and Portland to quots rates from here
to all points East.via J'oruand.
By this action a $!_' 50 rate is made pos
sible to St. Paul and common points via
Portland, as against a $47 HO via the O"den
route.
Chairman CaldweLl will to-day bring up
the question of the validity of the noticp
served by the Oregon Railway and Navi
gation Company, and if this notice holds
good then the question of a reduction of
rates to the Ea&t via Ogden to meet the
cut via Portland will be considered.
It is the best opinion that such a reduc
tion will not be made at once, but on the
other hand it is said to bo certain that the
lines via Oaden wiil eventually have to go
into the light for business, as the differ
ential of $5 40 will tend to take passengers
east via Portland.
It is contended by the connecting lines
of the Sonthern Pacific Company via Ogden
to the East that the Southern Pacific
should assume the burden of meeting the
reduction, bat this contention is not ad
mitted by the Southern Pacific, and on
this point tnere is likely to be a lively
time. What gives strength to the attitude
of the lines east of Ogden is the fact that
the rate basis adopted by the Oregon Rail
way and Navigation Company will not
shrink the revenue of anv of the Jines out
of Portland, while the same rate via Ogden
means a cut on the Southern Pacific or on
its connecting lines.
From this it is believed that the present
added complications in relation to the
Portland-San Francisco rate war will tend
to force the contending companies into a
settlement and a eonseauent advance in
rates between here and Portland.
Reception to Mrs. Belle P. Nason,
the Newly Elected
President
Strong Efforts Will Be Made to Have
the National Convention Held
in This City.
The lecture-room of the First Presby
terian Cnurch at Van Ness avenue and
Sacramento street was crowded last even
ing with the members of the junior and ;
intermediate branches of the Christian
Endeavorers, wiio bad assembled for the
purpose of extending a welcome and an
assisting Land to Mrs. Belle P. Nason of
San Diego, the newly elected State presi
dent of the junior branch of the .En
deavorers for this State.
Miss Myrtle Simpson, the superinten
dent of junior work of the Goiden Gate
Union, presided. It was largely due to
this lady's enthusiastic and faithful work
tbat the intermediate banner was cap
tured by the Golden Gate Union at the
San Jose convention. (She pointed with
pride and pleasure to the prize banner
which had been won by ban Francisco for
having done the best intermediate work
of the Endeavorers during the past year.
To win this banner for this City'was'to
her a matter of great joy, and she con
gratulated one and all for their kind co
operation in tha work for the past year,
and hoped that they would renew their
exertions for the coming year.
After a short Drayer for the blessing of
God on the Endeavorers by J. S. Webster,
Miss Eimpson introduced Mrs. Nason',
who was accompanied by several of her
San Diego workers of the junior and inter-
mediate workers, among whom werp Rob
ert Anthony. Geor.-e irost, Hugh McKie,
Will Neal, If in Grace Curritr, Mi-s If.
Cogland and James Biair, president of the
Golden Gate Union of this City.
Each of these youner workers was called
upon by Mrs. Naaon to explain their share
of the blessing secured by joining the in
termediate branch.sTheyone and|ali com
plied, and with much enthusiasm ex-
Dressed their views and thanks to Mrs.
Nasou for the attention bestowed upon
them.
"Words of encouragement were spoken by
Mrs. Nason. fcrhe recommended the atten
tion of the workers of the Endeavor to
foster and cultivate the intermediate
branch. This she considered of equally as
much importance as the senior or junior
branches, because it was the age where the
intermediate class came in that quit* a
numberof the juniors lost before they were
old enough to join the seniors.
Among those present but who took no
part inlast evening's juvenile exercises
was Donald McKeuzie, a member of the
'97 convention committee, who is
very enthusiastic over tne prospect
of holding the International Con
vention in San Francisco next year
and is one of the many Endeavorers
who are t-oing East to the International
Convention, to be held at Washington,
D. <\. next July, and will use every tffort
to bring the convention west.
'1 feel very confident," said Mr. McKen
zie, "that we will have the convention here
next ye&r. The local press have lent us
their aid, aud with their help we shall
have no trouble at all in raising the $30,000
euarantee which is necessary in order to
bring the convention West."
The '97 committee feel that they have
the sympathy of the international officers
in their work. John Willis Baer, the
international secretary, telegraphed the
State president as follows:
Giles Kellogg: Permit s personal greeting
from a Baer, who loves California. Yours for
new proeress on old line*. Hurrah for Cali
fornia ;»7. John- Willis Baee.
It is the fond hope of every Endeavorer
on this coast to have the National Con
vention held in San Francisco next year.
W. B. Arrner, who resides at 362'i Clemen
tina rtreeta called at the Southern police sta
tion la>t evening and reported that Hugh
Doherty, James Cornioot and May Devine, the
latter acting as lousout, entered his hou<e
during his absence yesterday afternoon and
stole a gold watch and chain. Warrants will
be issued for the offending parties to-day.
1112
MTMMAKY OF- THE MAliKETS.
,:;,•-
Coffee firm and In maud.
Wool market demoralized.
Silver unchanged.
Wheat an-! Barley a fraction lower.
Oats 'inn and in Rood demand.
Corn and Kye dull.
Hay and Pee Mali unchanged.
Nothing doing in Beans.
Potatoes and Onions weak.
Grapes and Green Corn arrived from Honolulu.
Fresh Fruits about the same.
Dried Peaches and Apples and Raisins active.
Butter, Eggs and Cheese unchanged.
Poultry weak and dull.
General advance In Hides.
Provisions unchanged.
Mining stocks quieter and weaker.
Explanation.
The arrow flies with thewind. The top figures
•t station mdicn-e maximum temperature for the
Jays: those underneath it. if any, the amount of
rain'all. of melied sno.v in inches and hundredtbs,
during the past twelve hours. Isobars, or solid
lints, conmct points of equal air pressure: :so
therms or dotted lines, equal temperature. The
word --hieh" means high barometric pressure and
!s usually arco in nan led by fair weather: "low"
refers to low pressure, and Is usually preceded
and accompanied by cloudy weitther'and rains.
"Lows"' :si:ally first app>-ur on the Washington
coast. Whin the pressure is high in the interioi
anil low Hloutr the coast, and the Isobars extend
north and south aloiiK the coast, rain is probable;
but when -.he "low" Is inclosed with isobars of
marked curvature, rain south of <»n>gon ' s improb
able. Wilh a -hi^h" in the vicinity of Idaho, and
the pressure- falling to the t a'.ifornla" coast, warmer
weather may be expected in summer and colder
weather to winter. Hie reverse of these condition*
will produce an opposite result-
WfcATHEK lUKr.VU KEFOKT.
I'mtkd States Dkpaktmknt of Aoricul-
TIUK. U'KATHKB lilKKAf. SaX FKAVCISCO,
May 18. 1896, 5 r. u.— Weather conditions aud
tl forecast:
'I'll** iollowiug are the seasonal rainfalls to date
as compared with those of same date last season :
Kureka 50.77, last season 41.91: Red Bluff 21 79
last season 26.35; San Francisco 20.84, last season
25.41; Fresno 8.16, last season 14.67: San Luis
Oblspo 17.64, last season 25.93; Los Angeles
8.35, last season 16.04; San Diego 5.92, last
season 12.16; Yuma .88, last season 01.
■ The following maximum temperatures are re
ported to-day from stations in California during
the past twenty-four hours: Kureka 50. lied Bluff
68, an Francisco 56, Fresno 66, San Luis Obispo
60. Los Anccles 68, --in Diego 62, Vuma 92.
San Frannsco data— Maximum temperature 56,
tui uiDiiiiu 40. mean SI.
1 l.u following rainfall is reported in California
diirinc the : v>ur hours: Kureka, .08
of an inch; Bed iilutf, X'J of an inch.
The Drew are iin.> fallen dnrtnit the past 24 hours
o\4 r Utah, Northern Nevada. Oregon and Wash
ington. It lias n$en lltghtly over the Central por
tion of California. An area of hi?h barometer lies
over the ocean off California. The pressure is low
over Arizona.
I he tempt rat tire has remained nearly stationery
over the entire country west of the Kockv Moun
tains with the exception of small areas in the Bao
ramento Valley, where it has tallen and in
Northern Oregon, wh r>- it has risen.
The weathr-r has been generally cloudy over the
nonhern half of the Pacific Slope with light rain
In Northern t alifornia, Oregon and WashinKton.
Then are no well marked high or low areas west
ofthei:octcy Mountains ant the conditions favor
generally fair weather lor the next 36 hours.
J'orecas made a: >an Francisco for thirtv hours
ending midnislH. May IS. .896:
Northern California— Generally fair Tuesday, ex
cept light rain In the ei'reme northwestern portion
Tuesday morning; warmer fresh northerly winds.
Southern California— Generally fair Tuesday;
warmer in western portion; ii«ht westerly winds.
Nevada— Fair, except In northern portion, where
lirht showers are probable Tuesday; warmer.
Vtah— Cloudy, but probably without rain Tues
day.
Arizona— Fair Tuesday.
San Francisco ami vicinity — Fair Tuesday;
warmer; fresh northwesterly winds.
Alexander U. McAdik, Local Forecast Official.
M \\ YOKK MARKETS.
Financial.
NEW YORK, N. Y., May 18.-During the early
dealing at at the Stock Exchange the market ruled
weak: The engagement of ? 00, 000 gold for
shipment to Europe, all withdrawn from the Snb-
Treusnry, an! the selling for foreign account esti
mated at fully 10,000 shares, due to the Jack of
positive knowledge of the position on the currency
question of the leading candidate for the .Republi
can nomination for the Presidency depressed
prices. The loss in the international issues
was about a point in Louisville and Nashville.
London sold nearly 10,000 shares of Louisville
and Nashville and M. Paul, and local traders
sold Manhattan and Sugar with more effect than
usual.
Manhattan broke 2 per cent to 100*4- the quar
terly statement still exciting an unfavorable influ
ence. The talk of a reduction in dividends on
account of cable competition, however, did not
receive general credence, ?-ugir weakened on the
redaction of i/8 c '" refined and on rumors of un
favorable aevelopmets In Cuban affairs, a firm
with U ashington connections was the most con
spicuous seller of the stock, which fell from 122%
to 1213/ 8 . in the afternoon trading the mark'*;
displayed more resis anc. and there was accord
ingly a disposition to cover short contracts. Ke
ports were current that Congress would adjourn
early in the coming month, and this, with the
comparatively small engagements of gold for to
morrow's steamers, helped to make a little bullish
sentiment.
In the afternoon rally Manhattan, Sugar, To
bacco, Chicago lias and Consolidated Has were
prominent. Consolidated < -as first declined from
15 > to l:i.".i 4 and later rose to 156. This decline
in ihe s:oc was due to a report of an incorpora
tion of a new rorporaiion called the New York
Fuel and Lieut Company. In the late trading the
market, while dull, was iirm, the shorts being the
most prominent buyers up to the close. Specula
tion left ort firm with prices any re from y» to
3 /i per cent higher on the day. Sugar lost % per
cm and Manhattan '■'■+ per cent. Total sales were
127.001) shares.
IJon a were higher to-dav. The sales aggre
gated $944,000. Baltimore and Ohio rives rose
•_''... 10 96: >orthern' Pacific firsts. % to 116%: do
registered. S/g to 116" ; do collateral trust sixes,
i/i n> 0;.
in Government bonds $20,000 coupon fours of
1925 sold at 116", 8 , and $120,000 do registered at
117.
Grain.
FLOUR— bull. easy. "Winter wheat, low grades,
91 7S@2 90; do fair to fancy. $ 2 00@3 65; do pat
' ent», $3 75(6,4: Minnesota clears. $•_' 5dfo:U0: do
etraiis, , if3(gj3 £0; .10 patents, $3 4j(d,4,~ 30: low
extras, #1 7t>f<ii'2 90; city mills, $4 lu.^4 JO; do
patents, if4 3U@4 .JO; rye mixture, 82 "5O@3 50
superhne,' $'-• (a •_' 25: tine, $1 75@210. , South
ern flour, dull steady ; common :o fair extra, $2 30
(g.- 40; good to choice, $2 90@3 '-'0. Rye flour,
quiet, sltady; $2 10^2 80.
COKNMKAL'— Dull, steady: yellow Western,
X 2 OS(£Z 10: ilrandywii. .-, $2 50.
RYL— Nominal; No. 2. 4-»<tf44Vic: state. 46c.
HAI1LEV- Quiet; ungraded Western, K9@41c.
' ii.\K ky MAI/ -Quiet; Western. 47@53c.;
. Vi l.i A ■ — Moderately active, HVic lower,, clos
ing Iirm: f . o. b. 7;-'; 4 i: to arrive: ungradea red,
66<$7Gc; No. 1 Northern, 70V+C to arrive.
options were fairly active and closed weak at
ftgtfrs^c decline on increased stocks.small decrease
iii visible and free local liquidations. Julv um;
tjcp'.ember most active. No. 2 red, May. 6HV^i :
June, 66 ] /8 c : July. ,68c: August, l>7 : ; 4 c ; fcepltm
i ■;.'?.,. December, G9V'2©'J03/ 8 c.
• st'.r b of grain. 8 ore and ttlont, May 16: Wheat,
l,40«J,055: corn, 1,388,806; oats, 1.667,605; rye,
60,208: barley. 235tf; malt. 116,626: peas. 474
buslsels. , - • .
, ( < i;;\ — Dull, firm. No. '£, 35%c; elevator,, 86V 8 ■
afloat. " ' .,..-,
options were dull and weak at unchanged prices
to *Ac decline following the West; July most
active. May. 35Vac: July, . 35%!;; , September,
363/ic.
u.iT.s- Firm.
Options dull, easier. May, 24y 8 c: July. 24V4C.
.Spot prices: No. 2. 24Vi&'.M 3 /i«'-; No. . a whit.-,
26c; No. 2. Chicago, 25%c: No. 3, 24i/*c: No. 3
white, '23Vi@»'*% c: mixed Western, 25^i!ac;
while do and white State, 26@28c
i ill. j.il.x N ":>;aO5c
..1 ; DCLLNGI — 65(ft7l>c.
RYE— Ftea,6&c
- Provisions.
. BEEF— Steady: family, $9@10: extra . mess,
$7@8: beef hams dull, 14 /J0(£15: tierced beef
Blow; extra India mess, *13@1 5; cut meats duU, ,
weak; pickled bellies, 12 pounds. 414c; do shoul
der-,. 4«4@4y 2 c; do hams, '.>(<• ;•> -c
LARD — Quiet, easy: Western steam, S4 88: city,
$4 '.'5; May. «4 85. Refined, dull, continent. $5 25;
south American. *b 50: compound,^y^g^i^c.
POUK— Easy, quiet; old mess, $8 76@9 25; new
mess, $9 :;5<a,9 75.
BUTTEK— Quiet: about steady: state dairy.
fi(315i^c; do creamery. ll@16c: Western dairy,
7Ca»llc; do held, 9@llc; do factory, 7«£10c; iU-
Kins. 16%@16o: imitation creamery, 10(<£12c.
CHKKsE- Moderate demand: State lari:e. old.
6©9 s /ic; do new. 6i4@8V*c: do small, old, 4y a
(ft 10c; do new, 8@8y 2 c; part skims, old, 3@4%c;
Co, new, 3@5c; full skims, 2Vi>c.
BOOH— Jt airly active: State and Pennsylvania,
lie; Western iresb, 9@10iAc;do, per case, $1 25®
1 40.
TALLOW— Easy, city. 3 3-16c: country, 8%®
SJ,ic.
COTTONSEED OIL— Dull, weak: crude. 21c;
yellow, prime. 25c; do off grades. 25c.
ROSIN— Quiet, steady; strained, common to
goo.1, f 1 t>O<a>l 82.
1 UK 1'KNTI N K— Easy : 2tH<i2 I V»c.
POTATOES— Choice fairly active.
RICE— Steady, fair demand: Domestic, fair to
extra, 3<ffi5$ic; Japan, 4@4i/ic
.MOLASSES— Firm, fairly active; New Orleans
open Kettle, good to choice. 27@37c.
COFFEE— Steady, 10@30 points down: May $13;
June, $12 B6A12 60; July. *12 li@12 16: Au- I
Bust, $11 70(^11 75; September, $11 05@ll 10;
October, $10 70@10 80; December. $10 35®
10 40: March, f 10 2h. Spot Rio, dull, steady; No.
7, UVtfM41£c.
SUGAR— Raw, dull, steady; fair refining 3%c;
centrifucala. 96 lest. 4i/ 8 c: refined, quiet, y 8 c lower;
off A. 4 ll-16<a,4%c: mold A. 6%c; standard
A, 514c; confectioners' A, 6s/ g c; cut loaf, S1&c:
crushed, 5%c; powdered A, 6V<jo; granulated,
Hie; cubes, &ibc. ■;:■■
Fruit and Produce.
CALIFORNIA FRUITS—
ALMONDS— Nominal.
W A UTS— Nominal.
APRICOTS— Bags. SVataiOc.
PEACHES— reeled, %f ft, 10@12o; do on
peelea, b(d,~c. :. /r.- ;
PRUNES— Four sizes, nominal.
RAISINS— loose muscatel. 2s-ira3c;
three-crown do. 4@4%c; four-crown do, 4S + ((B5 ;
London layers do, SOc<g,$I.
HOPS— Quiet, easy; state common to choice,
2A*.f<i8c: Pacific Coast. 2V2@7c.
WOOL— Quiet: domestic fleece. lS@21o; pulled,
15&33C; Texas, 7@12c.
Blerchandise.
Pin Moderately active; American,
*10 76@13 50.
COPPER-Firm: lake. $10 95011 25.
LEAD— Quiet; domestic. *3 05.
TIN— Firm: straits. $13 50@13 60; plates,
moderate demand.
fcPELTKK-Quiet: domestic, $4 05@4 10.
CHICAGO MARKETS.
CHICAGO, Tt.t_, May 18.-The wheat market
had ample room for improvement from a business
point of view to-day, and furthermore prices were
not as favorable as they might have been to hold
ers. After the posting of the visible supply fig
urea, showing the slight and unimportant decrease
of 854.0(0 bushels there was a rush to Bell, which
sent the price downward and imparted a weak
and depressed feeling to the market. The activity
was but temporary, however, not a great lencth of
time being required to exhaust the offerings and
supply the demand. The world's shipments for
last week were reported at 8,700,000 bushels. An
Increase in the amount on ocean passage of 800.
000 bushels was noted and the Knglish visible
supply decreased 1,366.000 bushels. The weather
was satisfactory for the growing crops and few
complaints were heard.
Receipts in toe Northwest were 510 cars, against
379 last Monday and 216 on the corresponding
day last year. Chicago had 10 cars and inspected
out 18.654 bushels. Export clearances were only
90,242 bushels. .Liverpool cables were quiet and
unchanged. Wheat futures at Paris were 5
centimes higher, but all other continental quota
tions were unchanged. A second break of note
took place in the last half hour. Private advices
from abroad, statins that Europe would have an
early harvest and reporting 40,000,000 bushels
still available for export in Austro-liiineury. were
the arguments which started the selling at this
time. July wheat opened from 6~3/ 8 c to 6214c,
sold between 6'JlAc and 01c, closing at 61i 8 @
61Vic, lVic under -Saturday. Estimated receipts
for to-morrow 17 cars.
CORN— Took its tone from wheat. It is there
fore understood that the feeling was not buoyant,
nor did prices make any Rain, but on the contrary
declined from the posilisu occupied on Saturday,
I'he visible supply decreased 1,184,000 bushHs
and the amount on ocean decreased 80.000
bushels. l:....j.;s were fair at 330 cars arid 338,
028 bushels were taken from store. Liverpool
cables were quiet and steady. Export clearances
were fair at '.253,391 bushel*. July corn opened
at •J'U.oc, sold between 295a and 29S/ 8 c. closing at
"J!< :^.i-. a shade under Saturday. Estimated re
ceipts for to-morrow 4 SO cars.
OATS— Declined on the weakness extended by
wheat. There was some good trading by commis
sion houses, which probably represented liquida
tion by "longs." who found no prospect for an ad
vance and who were discouraged by the declining
tendency of the other grains. The visible supply
increased 38,000 bushels. Receipts were '273 cars
and 34,846 bushel* were taken from store. Ex
port clearances amounted to 40,016 bushels. July
cats closed y 8 c under Saturday. Estimated re
ceipts for to-morrow 330 cars.
FLAX— Was steady. Cash, 88%c; July, 86c;
September, 88. Receipts were 20 cars.
PROVISIONS— To aid the provision market
there was a lighter run of hogs than expected wi.h
a consequent advance of 5c in their prices. The
trade in product was dull, however, the pit being
entirely deserted at times. When the grain mar
kets showed their final weakness, provisions
soon sympathized and declined moderately. July
pork closed 5c lower than Saturday, July lard 2VfcC
lower and July ribs unchanged.
BUTTER— Was fairly active and steady to-day.
Receipts were quite liberal, but the demand, espe
cially for storage account, was goo 1. Creameries—
Extras, 15c; firsts, 14@14V2C: seconds, ll@13c:
imitations, fancy, ll@13c. Dairies— Extras, lac;
firsts. 10(a.llc; seconds. 9c asked. Ladles— Extras,
9<a,10c; firsts, 8@8%c; packing stock, 7c asked.
EiiG.-i— Were quiet and barely steady. The
greater par; of the supply was in poor condition.
Good eggs were in fair demand. Fresh stock was
quotable at b@9c y> dozen.
■ MONEY— \v as t>°.' on call and 6®7% on time
loans. New York exchange sold at 95c premium.
Closing Price*.
WHEAT— May, 6OV4C; July, 6iy 8 @61iic-
September, t$2c.
COKN— May. 28*/ 8 c; July, 29V«jc; Septem
ber, 30%c.
OATS— May. 18%c; July, 19Vi@193/ a c; Septem
ber. /2 <q,196/ c.
TOKK- July, «7 65; September, $7 82%.
LARD- July, if i 65; September, «4 7"y .
Mils— July, $4 071/2; September, ?.* 20.
Livestock.
UNION STOCKYARDS, lu., May 18.— The
supply of cattle on. sale to-day was unusually
liberal. Buyers were slow In getting started, and
when they did prices declined 10@15c. Receipts
of hogs were heavy, but the demand was brisk,
and prices advanced &c. Sheep were U)(g,l 5r
higher. Offerings were light and the demand
good. .'■:.
CATTLE — Receipts. 21.000. Fancy beeves,
?4 23@4 30: choice to prime, 1300 to 1700 pound
steers. 84 10'a.l 20: good to choice steers, 1200
to 1600 pounds, $3 85«04 05: medium steers, 1000
to 1400 pounds. $3 lord,:* 80: common to fair steers.
950 to 1400 pounds. S3 ♦<(<*;) 66: choice feeders.
900 to 1170 pounds. $3 05©:-) 90; common to choice
stockers. $2 85@3 60: bulls and macs, choice to
extra. $3 00@3 25: bulls, poor to choice. $2 00Y*
2 90; cows and heifers. extra.$3 70<cs3 H5; cows, lair
to cnoice, *2 -10(a. : 65: cows, common to fair
*1 f.Oa.'.' 35: calves, good to choice. 81 50
(0,4 85: calves, common to {rood, f 3@4 40; Texas
grass steers, ¥2 70<a.'d 25: Texas fed steers. S3 30
■-. i 00: Texas cows ana bulls. 92 25@3 25; milkers
ana springers per head, *'_'0ia 10.
HOGS— Receipts, 3-.000. Heaw packing ana
shipping lots, $3 25(43 471/2: common to choice
mixed. $3 25G&3 50; choice assorted. $3 50(£
3 55: light, 93 30@«3 55; pigs, $2 75($3 50.
SHKK1'— Receipts. 10,000. Interior to choice,
92 50&3 90; luntw, $3 25 a5 15.
CALIFORNIA FRCIT SALES.
CHICAGO, III.. May 18.— The Karl Fruit Com
pany sold California Cherries at open auction to
day, at the sale of the first car this season shipped
from Rulsun May 9, as follows: Black Tartarian
$2 45<&i 55 $> 10-lb box: Advance, $2 20 box-
Purple Gulcni?, 95c@$J 55; Governor Wood, $1 10
@1 55: Belle de Or.eans, $1 50: Black Kairle
$1 15; Kockport, &0c. 8 '
>.h\V \*Jllk\. STOCKS.
lionds, Kxcliange, Money and Railroad
Share*.
. Money on cull easy at 2(Ss2Vb": last loan at 2%%;
and closing offered at 2i/ 2 Prime mercantile
p«,i>er,G@5^4. Bar silver, lTI/ 2. Mexican dollars.
63^c p;tri:D? exchange Is dull, with actual
busluess m tranters' mils n:. «4 >7i-Wo.4 87Si for
sixty days ana *4 88Vi<a4 88% for demand. Posted
me*. »4 88*-l 891-2- Commercial bills. SI 8t>Va
@4 87 J /i. oovernment bonds lower; State bonds
quiet: rallri>aa bonds firm, bllver at the beard
was neglected. ,
CIX>SI.VG STOCKS. , . .
/m Tel <fc Cable.... 81 I .Norfolk .ft We»t . . l/s
A-xhlson-. ......... l&Vai Preferred.; _ Hi/1
Preferred......... *£i/ Northern Paclfle.. i2
Adams express... 147 j Preferred 1 :::"
A)LOn,T*rreIlaute. 55 Nortuwestern..., l u 4j/i
American Express.114 ! Preferred l**i*
American Tobacco, •■r. 1 * .v. Y. Central. 87 "
Preferred... >.... O8'/2 N.Y. Chicago&iilL 13
BayBtateUas...... '^3V2 1st preferred 78
Baltimore &Uhlo.. 17.M id preferred. 32
J runswicK Lands- (»X. V. «fc >'. H... . - 173
Buffalo, Koch i I*. 12 X. Y.i.New Ens. 45
Canada Paclttc.:.. • : •i>-- 4 . N. \. >u»q * \V._ 8V«
Ccnads Southern.. 493/ 4 Preferred. 24
l amon 13ii(l....... 60% (mtarlo. ............ 13U,
Central PaciUo.... 14 1 , Ontario & Western, l4i/!,
tl.es. <& Ohio. ....... lSVi!Urecon lmprovmu 1 '"
Chicago A lion 157 Preferreu... . —
Prcierrea.. ...... .170 Oregon Navigaiioi 14
Chicago, U. 4 14. ... 703/g t .••-.■on ttuort Una. 71/,
Chicago A K. ill... 41 i acitlc JlaU a5s,|!
Preferred. 10O Peona, U.tfc Kvana. 2i£
Cbicagouas ....... 67%' l'lttaburg & W pfd. 16
Cicvt-& I'u tsbun;. 102 li'ollman Palace... 1 57
Consolidation Coau 31 1, liC>.m>i _ 1 '
Consolidated Gas..lf>. <Va Preferred. _ 16>
C. CC. <t tit. Louis, 33 heading ........... in/.
Prcferreu.... 83 ihloUrandedtWeata 18
tola Fuel & iron.. 2"%' Preferred. — ;3
Preferred.. 90 Hock Island ■ 693^
Cotton oil cert.... 13 HomeWat <SOgdenll:>i
Commercial Cable. l.'.O bt. 1.. dt h. vv ....... 4..'
Del. Hudson 125 Preferred. J Ioia
Uel.L«k<feWesternl ■'.» Et.Panl..;..;-....^ 77X?
X)enTer<Kli. o».... 14 Preferred lii« •
PreierreO. 47 1/ « bt. Paul<k Uulam. 23
IMiilUers....;..;.^ l83/ 8 ! Preferred ...... 86
i-n.trai j£l«cuio... 3 ; v«' H. Paul & Uidwul - i.;i H
line.. 1414 Preferred. 124
Preferred.. ...... 36 jfcu i*. iJU & 112
Fort Wayne 160 silver Certificate*. 63
GreatKorthernpta.115 t-initljtm Pacific. IBVi
Until nay •<£ t-oumern K. AC...... 83/ v
Harlem .296 .Preferred......... 29%
JUocklne coal 2i,2 fcugax Hennery.... 121 7/
Hocking Valley... 15 ; Preferred. 10S\l
llomesiaKe 32 iTenn. Coal A Iron. -'tis/.
Ji..U>iiwee:iu. 2J^ Preferred 100
Illinois Central 95i /2 | Texas l'aclfle.. .. 8
Iowa Central....... 814 iol.A.A.& .N.Mi'co.—
Preferred. S3 !io». * Ohio C«n.... 32
Kansas Texas. — H14 Preferrea. 73
Preferred 2i« lol.St.lx>ula<kK.a 6V*»
Klnp5ton<t Pern... 3 Preferred «
iAlte Erie & Westo 17 UnJon Pacific.. 7%
Preferred. ........ 69% t F_ Den. A Oolt. 3
JL»*e bhore 14^ t' .B. Cordage.. 4%
l^ad.... M 25' 4 Preferred _ 984
Preferred _ .Oh^ Gnaranteed.....» 19
Long Island 80 ,C. b. El Dress «. 40
Louisville <fc NksH. :0 U. K Leather ...... flv«
JLouisvUleNaACb. 9% Preferred.. _ 65i/ 8
Preferred JO ,U. 8. KuDber m 23%
Consoi.Ktl 14 Preferred. >-0
Sltmpnu <$, Charis. IK V tlca & B. River.. 160
Mexican central... <)*.; W ab. K. L. <& fao.. 6y
AllchisranCentriJ.. 83V% Preferred. 17s,i
Wlnn«tliL. I Wells-Farm. „ 97
Preferred. __ Western Union. ... B4'»4
Minn. & Bu L com. ihi/ 4 Vis Central «
1st preferred 78 Wheeling & UK.. 9%
2d preferred 48 I Preferred. 86
Missouri Pad Bo... . 2.=>V« Am Cotton UU nfi 64 3 4
Mobile & Ohio -JO IW V Beet 7*/*
Nashville Cbatt.... fi8 Ann Arbor 9Vi
Rational Unseed.. 16 I Preferred 26
N. J. Central Io3»/i! Brooklyn Traction. 23i/j
North American... 6 V* Krle 2d pfd 21
CLOSING BONDS.
CH«.»r lUOVi M KTMs. 68%
Do, 4a conpon... 11 in Do. 4*. . 86
D 4siiewreK.....ll7i / i Mutual Union flu... 114
Do, 4* coupon... llt>7/ H N j Cent Gen 6»...l 19
*>«• 2s 04iJ Northern Pao 1st* 116%
f«. »• 113 "i Do. 2da H3y,
Do. bi counon....! is I Do. Sda. ... 74
Cherokee 4* 189o. 1UO iNonnwest'conaoUL J«i
Bo.1897.. 100 Do. deb Be- 108%
»o-l»e8 100 OR&N IBM 110V4
Do.1899 100 BiL&IronMtOenSs 79
r»clRc68Of»6.... L,,fe SFGn 6s. 11»
I).C.JJ-6 bs 109V * Et Paul Consols ...lH'-J
AJbC bjm A 4, lu6 *P«lst«.117l£
Do. ClaM B 4, 5a. 106 Do. P»c C«l ■«».. 100
1* Consol 48. a:«»i Southern R. R. 5a. 93 '
Wlssonn funding;..— | Texan Pacldo flraM 90%
K Carolina con * ■• 121 1/4 Texas Pac seconds. atiVfc
-■°«>. *• 105 UnionPac 1st of 96. 10:<s/
Jo Carolina 4Vi»... 106 West Hbore 4s. ..106
itDBinwai 85 Mobile & Ohio 4*.. 88V4
v a funding aeoe... 62 r uranoeWeU lata 76
~°- »♦« Cnes*O6s 108
|Jo. deferred 6a._ 6 Atchlson 4a 7B«4
■L»o. trust rcDts st 7 Do. 2ds A.._ A'2S/.
Canada south 2da.. 105 G h A 8 A 6a...... 105
len p«c letaof '95 1011A Do. 2d 7a. 103
todBttltt 110 B&Tex Cent6e..1Q9
,5°V*" »1 Do.con6e in
rle 1 * 65V4' Reading 4a „ 7 9 i/ 4
Jtaiiau i'« conaols 95 Misaouxi ....... 108
*■*** lHia Dendlvlll I
FOREIGN MAKKKTS.
WHKAT IN J.IVKBPOOfc.
LIVERPOOL, End., May 18.— The tpot market
Is steady at 6s 4y 3 d@fts 5i£d. Cargoes steady at
279 /^jd sellers, prompt shipment.
FUTUBIM.
The Produce Exchange cable gives the following
Liverpool quotations for No. i Red Winter: May,
5s 3d; Jnne. 5s 31/4 <i: July, 6s 3y*<l; August, Os
3 d; September, &» 3^d.
SKCURITIBS.
LONDON. Bno.. May 18.— Consols, 11274,; sil
ver. SI 1-16(1: Kreach Kentes, 102f 55c
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days _ $4 88 14
Sterling Exchange, eight — 4 80V.
Sterling Cables — 90
New York Exchange, sight — l'- >]
New York Exchange, telegraphies. — 16
Kine Silver. %* ounce — 67%
Mexican Dollars 64% 66
TTHBAT AND OTHKR GRAIV8.
WHEAT— The Arctic Stream takes for Sydney
47,276 ctls, valued at $56,400; British Yeoman,
for < ork, 64,11d ctlsat »7 3,732.
Both spot and future prices are lower and ihe
market Is In very poor shape. No. 1, $1 06Vi:
choice, $1 O7Vs@l Of*si; lower grades, fl®l 06:
extra choice lor milling, $1 15@I 20.
CALL BOARD BALKS.
Informal Session— 10 o'clock— December— 200
tons, $1 041,+ ; iOO, *1 04*. 8 .
Kkoclar Mornino >ksmon- December— 1600
tons, 91 OiVg: 8U0. ?1 04; 1100. *1 03%; 1100,
fl o:-!3 4 : 1000, *i G3.%.
Aftkrnoon > KMsio.v — December— 500 tons,
$1 03: .'00. $1 03%- seller '96. new, storage paid
-100. « 1 00 V8-
BAlll.EV-Hoth suot and future quotations are
a fraction lower. teed, 7^V2S<75c; choice, 76V*c
.Brewing, 80@85c
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 10 o'clock— December— 100
tons. ?5c.
iu.i.j i.aii Morning Session— December— 800
tons, 74' s>.
Aktkknoon Session— No stales.
OATS— Firm at the advance, with a better busi
ness. Milling are quotable at 75(a8'Ji j,c "r> <•: 1 ;
fancy Feed, V2*»«7'/2C: good to choice. 77%}*
t*2i^c: common to fair, 70(&75c: Gray, 72U.(cfi
82 Vac; Surprise. 90c@$i f* en.
OOK.V— White is weak at the decline and Yellows
are dull. Large Yellow, 8t»3, 4 ,a.9J^c; Small Round
do, 87V2i-(g.*l: White. b5te87"V>c ft clL
RYE— 76>»ilS78Sic i* cu.
BUCKWHEAT— 85@90c "9, ctl.
FlfOVB AND MILLSTUFF9.
FLOUR— Net cash prices are: Family extras.
83 75@3 fc5i>l)l>l; Bakers' extras, #3 55©3tt6;
superfine, {2 75@3.
COKNJIEAL, ETC.— Feed Corn, $2O@2O 60;
Cracked Corn, f 21 ft ton.
IIIIXSTUFFS-Prlcesln 10- ft sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham Flour,
2%c; Hyp Flour, 3*4c: Rice Flour. 7Vjc; Corn
meal, "S^@3c; extra cream do, 3*Ac; Oatmeal,
33,ic: Oat Groats, 4y 3 c: Hominy, 4<a.ih 2 c : Buck
wheat Flour, 4c; Cracked Wheat, glAQ; Farina
4V2C: Whole Wheat Flour, 3c: lloUed Oats, 4V<jc-
Pearl Barley, 4 Vic: Split l'e&s, 4^0; Greeu So,
&V4.C ¥ Hi. ■
HAY AND FKEDSTUFF9.
BRAN— .*14 50@16 IS ton.
MIDDLINGS— ?16@17 ?, ton for lower grades
and f 17 50@18 BO 'r ton for the bent.
FBKD8TUFP8 — Rolled ' Barley, fl6@16 50;
Oilcake Meal at the mill, 20 $ ton; jobbing, S 21;
Cottonseed Oilcake, .$21 ton.
HAY — Dealers quote previous prices. New Hay
Is expected any day now. Wheat Is quotable at
f^all 50; Oat.|«7(c.9: Wheat and Oat,?8@ll- Bar
ley. $7&8 50: Alfalfa. »7@9; Clover, $b@7 50;
Compressed oat, $« r.o,.a.8. Compressed Wheat. $7
@10 60; Stock, $6@7 ~$ ton.
STRAW— 3O(a,5Oc % bale.
BEANS AND SKKDH.
BEANS— Bayos are quotable at 90cra,$l -$ ctl;
Small Whites, $1 25(^1 40 ft ctl; Pea, »1 26®
1 45 v ctl ; large Whites. slid 16 ctl: I'lnK,
nbta:i~ '■-,.■■: lieds, 91 26; Blackeye. *1 40 j l ,>',
Red Kidney. *1 80<ail 65; Li mas. f2 60r<«2 75;
Butters, $1 40@l 00 for small and $1 26($1 60 for
large.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard Is quotable a fl 50
@2 25 ctl; Trieste, fl>®2 50 •& ctl; Yel
low Mustard. *1 40(U,l 60; Ffax, «1 70@l 80: Ca
nary, -JS^c * IL; Alfalfa, 7*/5i@9yaC •$ n>; Rape,
2y 2 c "0 n<; Hemp, 3y 2 c »* tb.
DRIED PliAS-$i J5(g,l 40 «l ctl for Nilea and
$1 25<i3>l 45 for (Jreen.
POTATOES, ONIONS, VKOETABLKS.
POTATOES— New Early Rose in boxes from
Alameda Island, S2 ctl. New Potatoes, 85c@$l;
River Burbanks, 60^56c; Oregon Burbanks, 6o
75c fi ell: Oregon Garnet Chiles. H5c(g,*l -£» ctl;
Early Hose, C0@'.0c; i'etalsmfc and Tom ales, 65
@»65c 'i>. ctl ; Humboldt Burbanks. t>0@70c >• cu.
ONIONS — Old are nominal and about gone. New
Unions are weak at 50@60c f 5 ctl.
VEGETABLES— Arrivals were 718 boxes As
paragus, 274 boxes Rhubarb and 760 sacks Peas.
Prices show no particular change. Green Corn
from Honolulu and Los Angeles is on the market.
The latter sold at 40c dozen.
Summer Squash. $1 50 i?. box: Egg Plant,
1R 1b: Los Aneeles Tomatoes, $-'@2 -5 "ft box: Cu
cumbers, 50c(a*l •£ doz; Asparagus, 1@2 'p bx for
ordinary ana $2 25(§>2 60 for extra: Rhubarb, 3.i(g»
76c; Dried Peppers, 7®9c: Green Peppers, 16c '? It. ;
Green Peas, 60c@^l »k for common and i'@2iAc
V- & for Garden; string Beans, 0@10c {> lb for Los
Aiju-elfs and fi lb for Winters; Horse Beans,
35(g;50c V sack: Dried Okra. 121-2C; new Cabbage.
40c > ctl; Garlic, *Vi@5c %* Q>.
lilTTKIJ, CUKfcSK AND KGO8.
BUTTER— Jealers report a steady market with
sales over the top quotations.
Crkamkry — Fancy, 14c; seconds. 13@13«,c
f* It.. Vl *
Dairy— Fancy, 13-.: good to choice, 12<ai2Vic:
lower grades, U@ll%c. va -
CHEESE- Fancy mild new, 7c: common to good
6@t>Vac; Cream Cheddar. 10@llc $ lb: Young
America. 8&ttc %i to; Western, 10@llc; Kastern
1-' 3 Vic.
■ EGOS— The market Is steady at unchanged
prices. Oregon Eggs, lie ft dozen; Kastern Kges,
l]@l]%c: t-tore Eggs, ll(tiilV!c: ranch Eggs, lli<&
131,2c: Hock Eggs, 14^i5c >* dozen.
POULTRY AND GAME.
POULTRY — Weak and dull. Live Turkeys
are quotable at 12y a @16c f» lbfor - Gobblers.
12@15c "ft lb for liens: Geese, 9 pair. $1@
1 VJ5; Goailngs, $1 V!5@l 76; Ducks, $4(^5 for old
and $4«4tS 60 for young: Hens, $3 50@4 60;
Koosters, young. $ti bWa,7 60: do, old, $4(^4 50:
l-'ryers, *5 60@6; Broilers. l(!4c*6 for large and $-<»
a for small; Pigeons, «i 60 for young and $1 50
for old.
GAMK— Hare, 50@75c: Rabbits, 75c for Cotton
tails and 50 0,7 V aoz for emalL
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
ORCHARD FRUITS— Arrivals of Cherries were
1010 boxes, selling at 25(&50c for White and Red
and 60c@§l V box for Black.
. KHIF.s— Receipts of Strawberries were 326
chests, sellim: at ?6@» ?l chest for Lonsworths
and *4<« >i for large berries.
Gooseberries. '_'5c drawer and IVi'&iJiAc »
lb In sacks for small and S0@35c %< drawer and IV,
@3c lb in bulk for large. - ■
Raspberries, $1 25 ?4 drawer; Newcastle Bud
berries. *1 50 Tp crate r
No Blackberries from Southern California.
Currants. 90c box. .
Okapes- Another froat in the northern districts
has damaged the second crop in many vineyards
where the first crop had previously, been killed.
Isabella Grapes from Honolulu are selling at 25c
T* if 1 . " .
CITRUS FRUITS- Oranges. $1 25(c»2 for Seed
lings, $'.' 75 4 25 for Navels. $1 75@iJ 75 for Malta
Bloods and $1 f>O(g,:2 50 for Mediterranean Sweets;
demons, 75c<£$l a5 for common and $1 50®2 50
for Rood to choice; Mexican Limes, *5 50@8;
California Limes, $1; Bananas, #l(s»- %* bunch;
Pineapples, *3<jj6 $ dozen.
I)KIKI> FRUITS, KAISINS, NUTS, ETC.
There Is a (food and growing demand for Raisins,
Apples and Peaches at firm prices. Apricots and
Prunes were dull.
JJltlED fruits— The following prices rule on
the Fruit Exchange:
Carload Lots— Apples, li*i<a>2c V lb for anar
terea, '2c for slice:! and 4©4yic for evaporated:
Peaches. V!Vi(g,4c and 6c for fancy: Apricots, 6M,f»
He for prime to choice, 9c for fancy and 10@llc %
ft) for fancy Moorparic: Figs, black, 2y.c for im
pressed; White Figs, 4c la sacks: Pears, 7c $
tt> for evaporated halves, 3Va<'<'- ti( ' jfl * for quarters:
Prunes, 3@3V4c: Plums, 3^c » !b for pitted and
IVis'B'-c forunpltted; Nectarines, 3y 2 (fl}6c V tt> lor,
prime to choice and 5y 2 c for fancy.
Jobbing Pricks— Evaporated Apples; 4(<i4Vic
tb; sun-arled, i Peaches. 'JV*®4c and.8@6c
for fancy; peeled in boxes, llftfll2U,c; Prunes, 4c
for four sizes, 5(q>5i/ic for 40«*50"a and 4V @5c
for 5O@6O's; Apricots. eV4@8c for prime to choice
10@llc for fancy Moorpark: Kl?s, black, SJ^c;
White Figs, 3@5c; Pears, 8c ft Ib for evapor
ated halves and 4ffi7«.c for quarters; Plums,
3\~(g?4.c for pitted and I@iy 2 c for unpltted; Nec
tar, ne.s. 4@&c Q ft, for prime to choice.
HAIS1.NS AM) DRIED ORAPES-Pncesareas
follows, carload lots, f. o. b. San Francisco: Four
crown,- loose, 334c %< 1b: 3-crown. loose, 2V 2 2
crown, 2c; seedless Sultanas, 1f*ii>t|IT4TH needles*
Muscatels, 3^A244c; three-crown London layers
70c ■& box: clusters. *1 35@1 50: Dchesa clusters,
f 2 io@a 25; imperial dusters. $2 «Xgi2 75; Dried
Grapes, ft ft.
Jobbing Peicks— Four-crown loose, S^c: S
crown, 284@3c; 2-crown, 2V 4 @2%c. Seedless Sul
tanas, 4c * lb; Seedless Muscatels, 3c; 3-crown
London layers, 76@90c; clusters, fl 50@l 75;
Dehesa clusters, $2 50: Imperial clusters, *2 75;
Dried Grapes, »
NUTS— Walnuts are quotab e at 9@llc lb
for No. 1 hard and ll@13c ~# lb for paper-shell, job
bing lots: Almonds, 8@7V2? '? lb for Languedoc
and 8y = @10c for paper-shell, jobbing; Peanuts, BVj
@7c for Eastern and 4%@5 %c for California: Hick
ory Nuts, 5&6c; Pecans, t5c for rough and 8c for
polished-. Filberts, 8®9c: Brazil Nut* 9©10c ■$
lb; Cocoanuts, $4 50@5 100.
HONEY— comb is quotable at 10@12c "$ lb for
bright and s«£ttc lb for lower grades; water
white extracted, &(o.5U>e %> lb; light amber ex
tracted, 4Vi®4Sic; dark amber, 4c; dark, 2@3c.
BEE3WAJC-26@27%c «* tb.
_________ . r •-'•■-
PROVISIONS.
CURED MKATS— Bacon. 6c H tb for heavy. 7c
for light medium, 9c $1 lb for light, 10c for extra
light and 12c V lb for sugar-cured: Eastern Sugar
cured Hams, liy 2 c; California Hams, 10c fi tb;
Mess Beef, $7 B0&8; extra mess do. $3 50(89; fam
ily do, *10: extra prime Pork. $8 50@9: extra
clear, $1 4 ft bbl: mess, *12 V' bbl; MmoUed Beef.
10c 1» Ib.
I'AHli- Eastern, tierces is quoted at 6\4c 1* 1h
for compound and S^c for pure; palls, 7y 3 c: Cali
fornia tierces, B1/4C lor compound and bVic for
DPre: halt-bbis, 6Vi@6V^c; 10- ib tins, 7y*e; do 5-lb,
73/ic fk ib. " •
LOTTULENE— 6%ic In tierces and 7%c ¥ Ib in
10-tb tins.
iui>j:s, TALLOW, wool AND HOPS.
HIDES AND SKINS — The firmness already
noted has resulted In a slight but general advance,
and the maricet is strong at the improvement.
Heavy salted steers, 7c V S>: culls and brands, 60, '
medium. 60 Ib; culla and brands, 5c; light
6c; culls and brands. 4c: Cowhides, 5(d.5i 'jc >• lb:
culls and brands. 4<#4Vjc: salted Kip, 6c p tb;
salted Calf. 7c; salted Veal, 6c; dry Hides, 10c;
culls and brands, tic 1* tb; dry Kip and Veal,
8@9c; culls. 7c: dry Calf, 15c; culls, 10c: Goat
sKins. 20@SS5c each: Kids, 5c: Deerskins, pood
summer, 30c: medium, l.V<t-'5c; winter, 10@15c;
Sheepskins, shearlings, 10@15c each; short wool,
'J0(g(35c each: medium, 40<a,f>0c each; long wools,
60c each. Culls of all kinds about i..c less.
TALLOW— No. 1, rendered, 3 i,4(g,HVac; No. 2, 3c:
refined, 6W>@5s,ic; Grease. 2y 2 c t» Ib.
WOOL — The boston Commercial Bulletin of May
16 says of the Wool market: "The sales of quarters
blood combing at the lowest price on record ha
been followed by a sale of 100,000 lbs quarter
blood clothing at 13Vic this week, the lowest price
ever touched. Americans are doing nothing in the
London auctions, which are weak with heavy
withdrawals. The goods trade and the Wool trade
are alike badly scared over the financial outlook."
We quote Spring Nevada, 6@9c fi Ib: Pan Joa
quin and Southern Coast, six months, 4(oS6c V &>:
ban Joaqnin, foothill, pood to choice, "«(a'<e; San
Joaquln, year's fleece, 4' .."?•>• .-c; northern free, 7
©9c: do, defective. 608»/£c t" IS
HOPS— We quote nominally -J($4c fl Ib.
GENERAL UBOHAVOISE
BAOS - Calcutta Grain Rags, spot, *4 10@
4 15; Jane-July delivery, (4 3U@4 25; Han Queu
tin, $4 'JO: Wool Bass. 24%@2tJ^c. "
COAL— Wellington, $8 if ton: New Wellington,
*8 ft ton; SouthHeld Wellington. $7 50 V ton;
Seattle. S.">(*5 50; Bryant. $5; Coos Bar. $4 60;
Wullsend. *6 50; Scotch, $7 60: Brymbo. S7 50:
Cumberland. 913 50 in bulk and $15 In sks:
Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $11; Caanel, $8;
Kock Springs Castle Gate and Pleasant Valley.
$7 60; Coke, CIO 60 in bulk and *12 60 * ton in
sacks.
COFFEE-C. K. Blckford's circular says: "De
mand tor all descriptions has been good and eon
tinues so at this writing. It is universally accept
ed that the deficit In this year's arrivals from Cen
tral America cannot be made good by future im
portations from that quarter, and this fact is be
ginning to show its influence. Dealers already
feel the want of free .assortments, especially of
good to prime washed (iuatemalas, which are
rapidly passing out of stock. Heally tine Coffees
are scarcely obtainable and would command for
considerable quantities a. premium above their
preset nominal quotations. salvadors, particu
larly those possessing roasting merit, are still the
main attraction and prices have hardened slightly.
The Inquiry for overland shipment is brisk, but
business with that quarter will be largely cur
tailed the remainder 01 the season through scarcity
of suitable stock here. To-day's tint-hand stock
is 3200 Costa Rica. 82 Nicaragua. 15,078 Salva
dor. 11.148 Guatemala and 513 Mexican— In all
30,021 bags, against 38 431 same time last year.
There are no advices of cargoes afloat." We quote
market nrm at:
Costa Rica— 19U;@20Vic for good toprime: 18
f)19c for good mixed with black beans; \Ci-' fci
7»4c for fair; lHi-^ldVaC for common to ordi
nary.
Salvador— 18V4@10Vio for good to prime
washed; 17V4tf»l8'-"f"r washed; 4 @20c for
good washed peabcrry; 17i/n®17%c for superior
unwashrd: 17c for good green unwashed; 19(g)
IPV2C for good o prime unwashed peaberrr.
Guatemala ANIl Mexican — 20V«@21Vic fOr
prime to strictly prime washed: 19@2i.c for good
to strictly good washed: 17iA@18»4c for fair
washed; JlH^o. l?i 4 c for medium: 14V4@15"»ic for
ordinary; 12(g;14c for inferior to common; 201,4
fc-lc for good to prime washed -peaberry; 19fai
19M|C for good unwashed peaberry.
SUGAR — The Western Sugar Keflnery Company
quotes, terms net cash: Cube, Crushed, Powdered
and Fine Crushed, all tP.ic: Dry Granulated, /8 c;
Confectioners' A, 63ic; Magnolia A. 5V*c: Extra
C, 6i 8 c; Golden C. be: balf-barrels, Vic more
than barrels, and boxes "Ac more.
■- SVKLP— Golden, in bbls, 15c; Black Strap. 10c
V gal.
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
Wholesale rates for dressed stock from slaugh
terers arc as folio ws:
BKKK— First quality, 5@5Vic; second do, 4'Vh,
43,ic: third do, M' o<a4i- lb.
\ KAL— Lnrg», 5w.»ie; small, 6@7c f. Ih.
MUTTON- Wethers, b(g}6y 2 c; Ewes. 3 ®5c
fl lb.
LAMB— Spring Lamb, 6^6' ' 2 c fi !b.
•I'OKK— Live llogs, 3@:U4<- V tti for laree and
Ss.rtfttS'/je for small and medium; dreaded do, 4 Va
@bVjC I* lb.
BKOK1PTS OF PRODUCE.
FOR 24 ROOM.
Flour, or. Rks :i >-j ll«y, tons. «. 425
OreROii 40 Straw, tons 29
Wheat, cUs 64,0921 Butter, ctls 201
Oregon 20 cheese, cils. 47
Barley, ctlj 4,800 Km*, dos 5.820
Oats. ctls. M 4 5r>Hlde«.no „ 1,939
Oregon 6«5 I'clts. Ddls..» 1,125
Rye. ctls. 270 Wool bis 693
Hear.*, ales. 872 Leather, rolls.. .... 254
rott.ioea.sKft....... gat Wine, C als 63,2(10
Oregon 4i)J Quicksilver, naalci 30
Onions. ska 560 Lumber. M Jeoi... 10
limn. »ks. _ 232 Lime, bbls 642
Middlings, sits,.... son I'owder, cases - 6
Oregon 50
Business Decidedly Quieter in Comstock
Mining Sliarcs.
Comstock shares were firm yesterday and the
best prices averaged over those of Saturlay, but
the market was much quieter than on any day last
week, there being no excitement whatever. The
best figures were touched In th» morning, as
values set in to -decline at noon and continued
weak during the afternoon. The close was weak.
Oil the Bond Exchange the Sugar stocks were
off, Hawaiian Commercial' sell Ing down to $20
and Hutchlnson to $26 50. Business on this ex
change was quiet.
Additional weekly reports from the Comstock
were as follows:
Ophjb— On the 1000 level west crosscut 1 from
the south drift 350 feet south of the shaft station
or 70 feet north of the Consolidated California and
Virginia boundary, is in 249 feet. The face is in
porphyry, carrying seams of ilav and lines of
quartz, the latter assaying ?1 to *2 p.-r to. . On
the same level west crosscut 1 480 feet north of
the shaft station or 230 feet south of the 3 "xicin
boundary line I, In 376 feet. The fac^ Is in por
phyry, clay and quartz. In the old Central tunnel
norVh "?L °. f l he ° |)blr frOm 'he upraise on The
north side of the crosscut runnine west from the
drift run northwesterly from the Mexican shaft
5b fPet above the sill floor of this level-*" a poliu
194 feet In from the mouth of the crosicni thev
have drifted ?° uth 10 feet in qnartl aCvm K from
™, f ». $ .l pPr . ton . a "d worked upward 6 feet and
north therefrom 81 feet following a streak of ore
1 foot wide; total height 68 feet. From these
8o iM^. 1 8avp<1 8lx lon8 of o™2»lir^
hI^v.mi • v < .V, 1 " s-'ll"' ore streak in upraise' 2;
abo\e tb«970 ,l Cl ' S narrow but is of « 0O <i u n,<\>- T
poor^*™ip i 8lrr . ttk is alA) narrow aim of
chnn/e On .k" Vf,?' 86 4 lhc "treak sho^s no
fal? nnS«?5 >° * J 1118 ' frOtn whlch BOme «• «'
IlLv^rZ.. ! !f? becn "H-act..l UM past week.
level»V9 £r« d . frOm "linings on the 076 and 1 100
Ji«i . «qv «t " ?.' ore> Ml ««y'"i' . Per mine-car s.mpln:
Qola f 22 88, »Utm 22.44 ounces p«r Uiu. TUt »v-
erage a 8 say of the samples taken from the feeder
at the mill of the ore milled at the Dazet mill in
the . month of April, 1896 (195 ions, net) was:
J.™! 1 * 6 95, silver $32 53. (sliver ounces
■-:>• 16) total, $59 48 per ton. The per
centage obtained of the average ore
samples as above 81.46 per cent. The average
«n ' r *£? sa oftheab °ve ore was: Gold $20 66,
silver $30 2& (silver ounces 23.43): total, $50 95
per ion. i he percentage obtained of the average
™' (1 r £ assay is 95.10 per cent. The assay value'
Anri? ™!!!° n .. from ore milled at the Dazet mill in
£*V] V,, 9b ( DP in "' ' irro^s vield of 195 tons) is:
••old $5105 81, silver $4343 60: total, *9448 91.
mo, net , Or col n value of this bullion was $7380 74.
iii » 8l "PP ed to the Dazet mill during the week
«.«■»'* aDd 1500 pounds of ore assaying pur
"agon samples: Gold $.6 34, sliver 24.45 ounces
,i I . . n ; awarded to the San Francisco office on
the 14th inst. by express 56 pounds crude bullion
(a.yay value unknown), being the first bullion
suipment of the new accumulation of ore they are
now milling.
t>,^I^t H CoN9OLlnATKD — In the south drift from
me oiil west tunnel quartz nivini; very low essays
is 5 " being cut. In the Andes a new east cross
i •». » en start ''d from the end of the south
l-i\ tIroi n the top of the upraise BO feet above the
-*-u level, nd it is encountering some low-grade
«r«* r , ?• ? , hIn B new is reported in the old (Com
stock) workings of the Best <fc Belcher and liould
& Curry mines.
JSlPfE, Consolidated— East crosscut 2 at a
ooint 100 r fm nortn from the upraise has been ad
\ai;ce<l 15 feel: total length 37 feet: a 1 in quartz.
stilus point they encountered the clay wall and
stopped started a drift south from the upraise od
i2?. i' he UOrth <lritt and advanced the same 5
iee.. j-.ast cross< lit 6 trotu the Sierra Nevada
north lateral drift at a point 50 ten north from
• a^t crosscut 5 on this level has been advanced '-'1
teet during the week; total length 84 feet; face in
iia.\. . he crosscut has been stopped. An east
crosscut, JSo. 7,s:artedatapoirlt 10 feet north of
f. o. a east crosscut, and advanced the same 5 feet.
iiRCN-swicK Exploration- Company, shaft 1—
Ail work has been suspended in the bottom of the
snaft and faces of the north and south drills pend
ing the construction of a chute at the 200 level and
the laying of a track In the south drift. 200 level
— I he south drift started in west crosscut 1,
40 feet from the main south 1rlrt, has been ex
tended 39 feet thronch soft porphyry, total length
<UTeet. Could & Curry Company's tunnel— The
main i north drif:hac been extended 12 feet, pass
ing through porphyry, total length. 762 feet.
iiOAKU SALES.
.Following; ware ths a»i« m the Saa Fransltoa
etocc Board yesterday.
BKOUUE horxixii SESSION cnvvEXcraa 9:30.
600 Alnha 30 450 CC&V...3.40;10O Ophir...2.30
}. 0 0 , 39 60 3.35100 Overman. 25
400 Andes.... 48,600 0 Imp.. 100 26
100 47 300 Exchqr. . . 600 Potosl .1.60
!0U 46 300 4 C... 1.80 200 1.56
700Beicner...8l!l00 1.75 650 Sava«e..l.35
250 A B..1.6M5O 1.70 1000 ....YT.. 1.30
200 ....... .1.701750 H&N..2.U0 l 100 1.40
JpO • 1.76 100 ....2.05 300 1.25
}°.H°,, Bodle " 1 - U 100 Julia " l ' 300 Seg B 25
400 Bullion. ..38 350 Mexfcn.l.lt 300 S Nev...l.35
1000 iiulwer .4* 100 l.Ot 100 Union. ..1.15
100 C Hall nit... bt. 300Occldtl..l.8i iOO Utah 29
1000 Chollr.3.10 :>50' 1.81 200 . 80
200 O N Y 10 700Ophir...2.3^*0O Y Jckt....73
AFTKRNOON SESSION— 2:30.
400 Alpha 28,100 Caleda.... 18,100 Occdtl...l.85
.00 Alia 6,600 CC<fcV...3.45'650 1.80
1600 Andes. ..50| 50 3.40 400 Ovrmu.. .20
-'50 Belcher... 85 50 Con I m... 03 400 FotosI...1.6O
100 B&B.. 1.75 60 C Point.. .81.650 1.56
200 Bodle... 1.00 100 ...... .... .8011400 Sava el.45
10 94 ; 400Kxcnqr...l2650 Bel.. .25
400 Bullion . . 38 450 O & C... 1.65 400 S Nev 1.30
800 39 450 ;.. 1.60160 1.36
500 40700 H<tJS...2.10!4OO Union..
300 Bulwer....45 100 Justice.. ..1&100 Utah 24
800ChoUar. 2.90 300 Mexicn.1.05 150 V Jackt..69
100 2.96 400 Ophlr....2.30!100 ...68
.Following were me sales la tae Facktla moaic
«c«rd yesterday:
bkgular kkssiok— 10:31/.
700 Alpha 29 500 Crwn 1't... 78 100 Mono 16
100 AH* 500 81 450 Occld.... 1.85
100 17:>50 8U.600 1.90
200 Andes 50 300 82 300 Ophlr...2.30
200 .48,300 ..79 100 2.36
100 Belcher.. .87 1100 Exchqr..l 1200 a. 25
400 ......82 700 12100 2.20
200 SSlviOO 10100 2.22i/ 2
200 836000 <& C..1.8UI200 2.32U,
100 500 ......... 1.8AI2O0 Ovrmn... .'iit
100 ...81 100 ...1.90 100 26
100 84 100 1.771,, 300 POUMI..1.5S
1000 BAB.. 1.80 100 1.75-00 1£ 8
300 1.8B300 1.70 100 1.60
350 1.75 300 1.65100 1.60
100 1.65 650 HAN.. .2.00 360 1.62J£
60 1& 1050 ........2.25 100 Sava?e..l.bO
60 Bodle.. .1.10 250 _.. 2.05 1050 1.45
300 Bullion.. .39 300 2.151850 1.40
200 Bulwer....46 500 2.07»»'i>50 1.35
100 Oiallge...ttU 2.10100 bcorplon..0»
150 Chollar.3.00 000 2.201100 SB<fc-M... .25
1050 2.95 100 21 8 450 S Nev..l.40
950 3.05 100 Justice....^ 300 1.45
10 2.80 300 16550 J.32Vi
350 CCAV.. 3.30 200 Ken tuck.. It 200 1.35
700 3.40 100 Mexcunl.ljJOO — .1.30
300 3.35100 ..... 1.10 300 811 Hill. ...06
250 3.32L-7OO 1.05 350 Unload. It)
200 33-8 100 11 8 v(OO V J»ettei..7O
100 S.421/2400 l.O7Va!-5O 72
ICO Conti... .1.60400 ....... 1.0-11,3 650 — ...71
400 Con Jm.. 04 400 LOoi
AFTKRNOON HKSHION— 2:30.
800 Alt*. 16350 CC&V...3.40 200 Ophlr...3.35
200 Andes 49 /JOO 3.35 300 i'otosi.. 1.55
60 60,250 23/ 8 '150 1 6.1*.
200 Blchr 200 C Point, .h 360 1.6o
150 78200 Exchqr...l3 100 1.47'-,
2lK) B<t B...1.60'100 it C... 1.80 700 Savage. .1.45
50 ....... 1.721&1OU H*N... 2.10250 1.42V
150 1.571,-100 2.00250 1.40
50 1.66 100 Kentuck..O9 50 1.35
200 Boal«l.U2i / j -'00 10,100 Scorpion. 10
600 Bullion.. .38 550 OH 100 S B Jtil....-J7
100 39600 07 60 25
200 Bulwer....46 100 Mxcan. 1.10500 23
101) CbllnKe...60100 1.07i, 2 400 22
100 «8 100 1.05 600 S Nev..l.25
300 Cnouar..2.95 150 1.00 400 8 Hill .05
150 3.00 300 Occdll... 1.85 200 Union.
100 2.90100 1.80150 1.07^ 2
100 2.821^200 1.82^150 Utah 25
100 160 Ophlr... 2.30 100 22
1000 C Imp.. 03.250 2.321,200 Y JacktH..6S
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
MONDAY, May 18-4 p. if.
' - 1 -*.' , ' S.rl.A ,' Bid. A
Alpha Con 27 -'!» Jackson. .. 40 —
Alia 15 lbUulia „ 17 19
Andes .. 46 47 Justice .... 15 17
Belcner 80 82 b'emncK. ....„ 06 07
Best ABelchee. 1.60 1.65 lady Wasa.... OS 06
fcodle _ — 80, Mexican....,^. 1.00 1.05
Bemonioa.... 15 —Mono . .. ... 14 16
Bullion _ 36 38 Nevada Que«a. — U5
Luiwer .. 42 45 Occidental 1.80 1.85
Caledonia...... : 16 lHOpnir 2.20 2.25
Cbollar 2.85 2.90 Overman .... 22 "4
Lon.CaL.fc V». 3.35 8.40 Potoai ......... 1.40 1.45
Challenge Con. 65 57^av»re ....... 1.36 1.40
Con. Imnenai. 03 04 teg. Belcaer... 22 24
Confidence..... 1.60 ■ —Scorpion ..... 10 —
Con. New Yore 07 lOSyndlcate 04 05
Crown Ponu... 78 79 Silver HU1..... 06 07
KaaU4ierra2ta» — 06 blerra Nevada. 1.25 1.30
hxcnequer. 11 minion (Jon 1.05 1 10
Gould* Curry. 1.65 1.60 Via.li 23 "4
iiiuc d. .Surer*. 1 to 2.00 V eUow jioiiik 69 71
GOLD MIKING KXCUANGK.
400 Amftlle.... ...... 195 Keystone...
200 2 00 Bid .'.'.'65 00
Cbamplon |H0O Lock wood Con.. 84
Bid 2500300 „ 35
Asked 30 00 Providence....
200 Kdna 61 Asked 80 00
100 Urani 10 300 Savannah. ... 44
100 20.-00 41
Kennedy 200 . 4'>
Asked 1100100 ...'....., ''.'.'.Y.'.'.Z 43
JO') Sebastopol 66
STOCK AND 1H1ND EXCHANGE.
MONDAY. May 18- 2 p. u.
rKITKl. MtliJ BONOS.
£1it. Atkeit. Bid. AtMad.
V F4neonp.. 109*4 111 U B4a ret... a -
Do. new Is... 117 118 | "
UISCKI.«.\N Kot»s BOVTH.
Cal-BtCWeSs. — 113 Do. 2d lu «§. — —
I'alKlvcLAs. — ll'ai., I'&O Ry as. 105 130
CntraCWbs. 96% 98 1'JtCh Rv tt^ - 107
I}pnt-strx-cp 77 »5 |»wl-st.RK8v - 118%
fcd8nL&F6s. — 122V«8 Keno. WL&I. — 105
F&CHRK6a.lO4Va — HiverWCoBa — 100
Gearv-»lR5i. 101 — l?actol' A L.. - IOJ14
I-OSAU2I.6S. - 103 tFANl'KK5slO2 -
po.Unted.8s - 103 »rRKArlz6« - 98V.
Mkt-stCWe8sl23 - bl'KKCaI6«-108iAlll
l>oUyCon5s..l05 106 S?P»tHCaia«_ - -
£ e £9S s , R7a - 95 105 bVBrltCa!6s. 99 101
NPCRR6S. - 108 bV\Vater6»..118V<ia9.S 8
IN Kr Cat 6s. 102 - fcVWater4«._ - sJ9'a
£ C " 5s - - 100 .«tktnUAE6« - 101
< tk«aa Ss.lOO — t>unstTAT9s. 100 — .
bo. *<J las as. 10 4 — fcuHer-slK5a.lU7i,i —
- vlMLluwCttl ■"- w
WATtrW KTOCK^.
if Dt . I *,^ 39 401/41 Han Joss 75 100
WarlnCo.... 60 - |SpringVaUay 99 »Bi /4
'-AhUTitCK*.
SH 1 1 * JT 34 IPacinoLlsat. 467/ 3 47%
r , t ,, , M — banirancaoo 92 tt£L
lac Imp. 86 B«vS
INSUBA.MKDTOOKS.
FlremausFd.l6S — |Sun .......... 40 _
OBHHMmClAL hank ITTJCU
AmerB&TCi — _ 1 London PA A. 128 V*
Anirlo-Cal... 61 69 London A if. — 271A
hRiikof CaL.239 242% Mercli Kx_.. 12 —
CalSDiTUa. f.Ki/4 — Nevada — —
KirstNaUonl.178 182 Vi bather Ji'Oou - —
Oransers.... — -I .
•AVIMQS BANK <T'V1tl
CerR*tiCo..l4l5 - Bav&Loan.. — 100 •
HumbS&L.llOO 1450 Kecurlty....^ — 200
Mutual....... — 40 Union Trust. — 800
bav Union — . 485 j
(iTBKKT BAILBOAD BTOCKV
California,... — 110 Oak.aixftlUr —100
Geary-st..... 65 75 Presidio. 7 /i 10
Marlcel-st..- 45y 9 46Vi Sutter-su.... - -
1 •. .V ,,...i STOCK i. . , ... • • . .
Atlantic D... 16-i/ 4 _ , iud«oo „, - ■'•"— '-'•'
ElKmO... — 90 tibuit. 231/4 24,
California.... 76 105 Ivi^onu — 90c
■in in mini i st n*K^. ,
Alanlra Pkrs. DC t/ a - PceantcnnCo 2«V^ 36
151km:oalCa - ' 10 PacAuxFA.. 1 —
CalCotMIIIs.. — — I'm Borax. „ 9** 100
CalDrTUoclC — — Paci&NOa. — 80
tdltonLIfUfc 117^117% lac Roll Mill — —
OaBConAssn. — — PartPalntO* 0V4 _ 7 Vii
Oerl^artCo. 85 — PacTransO* — *4 .-;
I 1 hr 1 ■.» Si 'o_ 10% 20 I'aoTATOo 65 70
llntchMl'Ca. 2\i\t 2«»/^ .hunn«i'l'<kl'.. * l —
Judaon-Mfgc:. — — lUuuedUC*. — «
AsaalUU 110 I
BAI.KM— iroKNiMu ItMIO!*.
• ■ Hoard— __ ;
50 Hawaiian Commercial....: 30 *>»
Oil -do- do. 11 10....... ■ -S«2 "0
25 llittrhln<i(iii « I' Co «5 70
6 H K (iaallsht. •- °°
I MUVWutir.. 89 25
SALES— AFTERNOON SESSION.
• Board—
50 Hawaiian Commercial. . .20 00
100 Hutchlnson S PCo.. " 86 50
25 OceanlcSSCo '.'..'...'.. *.. 22 50
25 Pacific Gas Imp " ' 86 00
10 s F Gaslight 92 60
50 V Water 99 25
Street—
$5000 S V 4% Bonds ; 99 00
— — I •■■ - — — . *>
Joseph M. Wood to Philip Anspacher, lot on S
line of Broadway, 177:6 \V of Fillmore street, W
60 by s 137:6; $10.
Henry F. Bruns to John F. Bruns, lot on SW
corner of Mission and Sixteenth streets, S 100 by
\V 102:6: $1.
Annie J. Undenberger to Charles L. Patton, lot
on X line of Fifteenth street, 175 \V of Castro, \V
25 by N 115; also lo: on 8 line of Fifteenth street,
210 W of Castro. \V 4H:6, SK to point 222:41.4 W
of Castro. K 12:4%: X 103:4 Vi; *10.
C. L. and Virginia M. Pulton to Charles 8. Noyos,
lot on K line of Fifteenth street, 175 W of (astro
W 86 by -X 115: $10.
Edwin W. Condon to Ellen Condon, lo". on E line
of Dolores street, 127 S of Twenty-sixth, S 25 by
E 120: $5.
Clnus and Annie IJndemann to William C. Ham
erton, lot on 8 line of Twenty-ninth street. 164 \V
of Dolores. W 50 by S 114; $10.
George D. and Ada M. shaiburne to Leonie R.
Perrier. lot on \V line of Ilort'iniin avenue (Kllen),
135 8 of Twenty-fourth street; s 75. by W 125: $10.
■ Alfred Perrler to same, same; $10.
Leonl« R. Perrler to Krnest I'lman. sumo: $10.
J. 1*. Hodgdon to Mission Lodge Masonic Hall
Association, lot on W line of Mission street. 146 N
of Twenty -third street, > 54 by W 125, subject to
iiior:t'aRe: 7250.
John J. O'Malley (administrator of estate of K.
E. Cortlier) to Susannah M. Blumenberjr, lot on W
lino of Davis sireet, 27 Sof Clay, « 20 by W 55;
$1 00.
Angelo Figone et aL (by A. J. Mors:anstern,
referee) to Giovanni Talerl, lot on E line of Ohio
stieet. 67 S of Broadway, S 80:6 by K 65; 82000.
A. M. and Louisa il. ilauser to Anna Buchel, lot
on S line of Union street, 45 :6 E of i-arkin, E 26 by
S 67:6; $10. •
Jennie Hatton and Sarah Bennett to Mary
Ronan, lot on ii line of Iowa street, 125 S of Volo.
S 25 by E 100; gift.
Mary ltnnau to Jennie Hatton and .Sarah Ben
nett, lot on E line of Iowa street, 100 S of Yolo, S
25 by 100; gift.
- Solomon J. and Bertha Levy to Solomon Gets,
undivided half of lot on SE corner of I street and
Thirty-sixth avenue, S 125, E 120, N 26, \V 37:6,
N 100, \V b'.':tj; $10.
Solomon and Dora Uetz to Frank P. Drew, lot en
line of Thirty-sixth avenue, 175 of J street, S
26 by E 120; $10.
John W. and Annie L. Wright to Cornelia A.
spieker, lot on X line of P street, 67 :6 E of Twen
ty-tilth avenue, K SO by N 100: $10.
Hugh R. McLeod to George McLeod, lot on N
line of Minerva street, 300 \V of I'lymouih, W 100
by >' 125, block S, Railroad Homestead: S10.
AT.AMKPA COCSTT.
Estate of Isaac Flood et al. (by commissioner) to
Equity Building and Loan Association, lot on .\>,
line of East Fifteenth street, fas SK of Thirteenth
avenue, SK. 25 by XE 150, East Oakland: also lot
on >fc, line of East Fifteenth street, 176 SE of
Thirteenth avenue, SE 60 by KB 150, I Rst Oak
land: also lot on St: line of ham fifteenth street,
150 bE of Thirteenth avenue, SE 25 by .N K 150,
*l&40 lot 7 ' block 85 ' Clinton. East Oakland;
$1540.
Elvira C. Oakley to Fnnz A. Krabler, lot on E
line or Ellis street. 218 X of Prince, X 4 '2 by F
120, being the B 35 feet of lot 109 and X 7 feet" of
lot 1 J« block 7, Regent-street Homestead, Berke
ley i 1 0.
Frank H. and Jane O. I'oiu^ taXemle A.CraU,
lot on N lint- of (.Banning way, 200 U of Audubon
street, E 50 by N 304 twin? the W half at lot
21, block 1), Berkeley i ropery, Berkeley; $10.
A. and Dollle Mecartney to John t,,n a in. lot 20,
block i. .Nicol Tract, quliclalia deed, Brooklyn
Township : $5.
K. II. and Dora Gansbercer to Joseph Winter
burn, lot beginning at a point on the >\\ boundary
line of lands of Winterburn. se 38 links from in
tersection with line dividing lands of shim an and
lunds of GansberRfr, thence 25 feet SE from the
11 tie dividing lands of shiman and <iansber,-er 8W
39.^0 chains to point on NK side of road from San
Leandro to lla> wards, reserving right of way,
Eden Township: $5.
»j Mary Sanderson to Emmett R. Kowlev. !o' on B
Li ne , of ,T entn 8trcot ■ "5 K of Castro. E " 7 by s 50 «
block 114. Oakland j *10. '
Anna Alnsworth to K. O. Vincent, lot on X line
loSoSSssv'^sr* 1 " B9 E of Grove ■ 37 by -
- James J. and .Mary Doylo to Victor N. Li?da,
lot on W line of llarlan street. 291:9 X from NW
corner of Peralta, X 25 by W 135, belne snbdi-
Oakland;1ia 9 '" 0 " 8 ° 2 ' Watt8 T liu ,. map 2.
Hfci:^;: 1 festas J "Moffltt to William S.
Richards. Catherine G. Foster and Sarah G
Seari (undivided one-third each), lot on 5 line of
\\ est Kignteenth street. 100 W of Filbert. W 50 by
B 111:8, '-.ins lots 35 and 36, block 595? Market
street Tract. Oakland: 3180. -^"kbi
_Adnali. Btickhout to Joseph A. an.l Emily L.
Baker, lot 38 in plat 36, Mountain View Ce'm£
tery, Oakland Township; grant. v-euie-
Mary A. 1,. Swain to Annie R. and Atherton S
M f i Ot 5^iF llne Of Mllyla street - 60 N of cedar"
£■ 35 by 1. , 9 «'. bem? the B 35 feet of lot 18, block
7. (.raves & Taylor Tract, Berkeley; $10
H. U N orris to David in wards, lot on X line of
h,\ i'-f,.- 0 ,"! 6 * .° K of Sunn ysid« street. K 100
b\ .N 11,. lb, beinirlots ? and 3, block 34. Warner
Tract, Brooklyn Township; »10. warner
Sarah F. Crooks, wife of J.E. Crooks m John
Gamble lot 11. block 101, Meek T^«,Vap 1 ot
H 5 y "I 1 "! 8 (quitclaim deed). Eden Township- »10
lrank Tanaub to Raphael Mariejou, lot 15. block
F K. lOW « Of Mlsslon Son Jose ' Washington Town-
Raphael and Marie Mariejou to Francois Pam-
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
E A < USSl Kio Vista Mrs \V It Preston Ren V
A Hallngrer.US.sl'hlla P Nugent II SB Phil/
T Green, 31 are Island C Vounc, Cal
A J l.uwtht-r. Cal l ,., t , r 1,1,1,0 Offden
(. 1 n.o\ok.v , J,odi I L«akf, Ltxli
Mr, IH'wr; P 1 ht U1 ? 1 ** 51 J £«*«««». I"d
* I "m J ith.\nc h hlt Ina Mr ° K1U '- V ' Irt -' and
CO *?M O POLITAN HOTKL
W A Klchanlson. Tulare L E Mahnn. Eureka
a Henderson, M>nor:i II i Carey. Boston
u D Pyne, Virginia City 1 G Parrel I. Virginia City
J C Hrown. Jonnsville K M Dunn. Johnsvlllo
.1 Masker, Peoria, Ill W lianuagan, N II
C s Van Hoy it wf. Sac 11 Isnlknma A \vf, N Y
H N'OKUChi & \\t. N Y John Sliipsey. fill
P B Gallagher. Ireland John Morris, Petaluma
Tbos Gibbons, Sonora it M Meals, Keddlni;
B e*uvoma, NJ JK Cordrev «t wr, Cal
Mrs. "Mill. aria. SY Y Ishlmo, M V
D II Bayley, Vlsalia George Cook, Vlsalia
S M Eaboyan, VI— 111 J M. Griflin, Jiadera
James V. llood, Cal
BALDWIN HOTEL.
G Campbell, OrassValley II A Jaegeo. ITonolnla
Miss Kates, >."•■« York KIM n Bates, New York
II l: Hills, Ogdon J Mitchell, New York
Mi.-i.st; McCain, Boston F l.awton, New York
J A I obey, Boston O r.i-aiir A w, Boston
Miss Hartley, Boston Miss A Stowe, Boston
L F Gollschald, Boston Miss B McDonald, Boston
Miss M Butler, Boston Miss Patrice, Boston
Mrs 11 15 Young, Sac Mrs E Wilson, ft <-
D Swartr, Colton Ii Ledbetter, Los Angeles
O Ross, Los Angeles C Ii Kuobe, Chicago
J \V Ragsdale, Madera J F Parks, Jackson
II J Corcoran. Stockton G K Colwell, .Nnmi
(i It.irrie. Boston G 1. II inner, N V
F II Leslie, City A J Buckley. Fairfleld
C D Hart, Philadelphia 11 M Hark, Philadelphia i
C K Riggs, Baltimore Q Hutchlnson, London
F A Lyon, Sacramento
PALACE HOTEL.
L H Londhelm, NY It I) Denson, Philadelphia
V Miller Jr. Oakland Miss B D Benson,, Phil
T K Burgdorffer, NY l' Henderson, Salt Lake
W K Jacobs, Minnesota 'i Fletchers, Minnesota
G W Barry. Phllada M \V Alexander, Bodie
H \\ Child, Montana A LArundel.New York
W I. Goodlet, >eotland W B Murrey, Scotland
\V WCovarrubias, Los A Ed Ryan. I.os Angel s
H I) Caldwcll svf, Chicago L L Coburn. Chicago
K P Mills it wt\ N Y L Kalin. Oakdale
.1 C Boss, Berkeley B F I.uiiefonl. Stockton
B M Brssh, i'itisburg W II Kmersoa, Boslen
0 E I'oolt y, Buffalo W O Kerehoff, Los Ang
J McMullin, Fresno C O Alkire, Kiverride
C \V iK-niiison & wf. Col Mrs E M Cox. Col Springs
W l> Peck, New York Miss Cox, Colo Springs
It Burgess & wf, Pittsburg
GRAND HOTEL.
It H neamer. Yolo R T Devlin, Sacto
\V Connell.Grass Valley 15 B Hector, Nevada City
C Pelor, Nevada City J Dwyer, Belmont
M Pomeroy. San .lose A ZucKman. Montana
Dr Morris, Woodland K 1) Grove. Modesto
M Henast. Vallejo "W O'Connor. Cal
BO Humphrey, Denver 0 I.tadbi-tter Jr.Stockton
Mrs Bonnat, Boston 8 \V Kummer, Seattle
E Chatham, Portland E Berwick, PaclHcOrove
J K Jlansfonl, Salinas R Ins ey, Juneau
KB Rogers. Fresno >' Holllster, i-resno
W K Morley. Mtch II Wood & i, Los Gatos
It F bmlth.'Folsoni W M Gill, Santa Clara
F H «irnnger, Aivurado II Jottenson; san Jose
J B Melocbe, Madcn J Jawln, Oceaaalde
P Maslin, Cariboo A M Hubbs, Chicago
i- - I- Baker, Woodland W H Grant, Woodland
.1 w Wright, Winters C Felschman, Milwaukee
K 1 Brandon,' Sun Jose Mrs G Hermann. S'ii tie
H Lewis, Stockton F P Clark. Stockton
L Gerlach&w, Stockton M Howell, Stockton
"This is what you call a campaign but
ton, is it? " said the prominent citizen of
Perkins Junction.
••Yes, 1 ' answered the campaign manager.
"Ami I can furnish you a bimhel oi others
like it.
•Great Scott! hat do you want m© to
do with a campaign button?"
••Press it," hoarsely whl»p*i*«l the other.
"Press — on the people. WVU uo the
rest."— Chicago Tribune.
Dittrfl of Departurr 1'nmi S»i» t t *iwt««->..
STEAMER | DESTINATION. I BAILS. j MKH.
CltyPuebla. I Vic * PiTSn7rM»v is». »au ru-r »~
Eureka . Newoon M:n Itt. lunlWJ
trul) ... Cooa tfar M». -O 10»»i IKtlS
Weeott"... Eel Kiver..... M»v.H.i. lnn li'fW
China ! China & Japn. .M<o-i>. Srx I'JIS a
t«Di» Koaa.. San Dioco ... Mavdl.lJAM J'lrt I]
A rent a. Oregon ports M»y."!. f»n lVf'Jt
I'omona. uumboliliBa* May 31 Spy IM»T»
ABlancbarJ Oregon ports.. Ma.vU3. :>»■«• tt*r IS
Ucl i»orio .. Orays Uaroor. >!.»» -'-'. ■''•« —
Etaieor Cai fortiana M«ySS.10AM n«rSt
«>• I'aul . . Newport .,..;. MaySi »»¥Jri«t U
Aumralia.... Honolulu May.S.10»M <LV*aiU£
1-aralioa.... | 1 aantna Bar- .MaySS. 9 » » »t« »
Walla Walla i Vic * P|rt 8n<3 May'-' 9 am l';*r •
Corona...... San Diego..... j^la.v.'A.l 1 am I1*t\\
Columbia... Portland May 38, I Viet 34
May. 1896.
llSo. Mo. Tu. W. Th. Fr. Sa. Moon's Phases.
i r~ ~7"
(?\ Last Quarter.
! *^ May 4.
3 4 5 6 7 8 9
. ~"~ — — — — — — — — int. N'ew Moon.
10 11 12 13 14 15 16 |W -May 12.
! 17 18 I 19 ! 20 21 i 22 I 23 ' /""^Flrat Quarter
i 1 \J) . May 19.
'24 25 26 27 28 I 29 SO "
_ £^l Full Moon.
31 {£/ May 26.
steam Kit | FROM [ HUt
Araco Coos 6av ..May 19
taut* Kos.o. ' can Diego ..May 19
Belglc | China and JaDan May 19
North Font ; Hum bout bay May 19
Alice Blancnanl I'orilaiid May 19
Cleone Crescent City I . May 19
Walla Walla Victoria «£ I'ugec souna ■ . . M.iy -0
Plate of Co: ! Portland May "0
Del None Grays tlarixtr May 70
Pomona. Hnmboicu Bar May 20
Feralion i Yamuna nay May '. 1
St Paul :....'. 'Newport. May 31
Crrsceui City... Crescent Cltsr» May 'J'.i
Corona San Diego. [., May 23
San Bias Panama I.. May 24
f^uiiol Grnys Haroor May 24
Columbia Portland May 25
Orizaba Mexico May-5
Umatllla Victoria & Pueet Sou no ■ ..May '.'5
Kur.-Ka.. . Nt>wiK>rt ' M:iv '.'5
D. P. COABT iSO GEODKTIO SCKVBT TtDJ)
Bl'LLKTIS PUBLISHED BY OFFICIAL >•
Authority ok thk Siterintkxukst. )
Tuesday M.ay 19.
Bnn rises 4.54|Moon rises
Sun sets 7.18 Moon sew 0.23au
May — 1896. |
% j 1^1 Feet 11121 Feet 11211 Feet HSl\ Feet
S It W 1, U 11 \V L \V
17 l.laj 5.2; 9.00 -0.8 4.54 4.1! 9.00 57T
18 2.19 4.6! 9.52!— j 5.3* 4.3 10.24 2.8
19 3.44 4.4 10.47 —0.1 1 6.17 4.7 11.44 2.4
'JO 5.22 4.111.51' 0 3' B.56 4.9 |
L W Feet U VV Feet j L \V Feet H \V , Feet
21 0.57 1.7 1 6.56 40 12.46 0.& 7.34 6.0
22 1.50 1.0 8.10 4.2 1.38 1.2 8.10 6.3
23 2.45 0.2 t>.24| 4.4 2.30 1.6 8.461 5.7
:notk— in the at>ove exposition of the tides th»
*»rly morning tides are given in the left hand
column, and the successive tides of the day In the
order of occurrence as to time. The second time
column gives the second tide or the day, the thirl
time column the third tide, and the last or right
hand column gives the last tide of the day. except
when there are but three tides, as sometimes
occurs. The heights given are additions to ttia
soundings on the United States Coast Harvey
Chans, except when a minus sign (— ) precedes the
height, and then the number given is subtract!
Branch Hypbooraphic Office. U. 3. N. "1
Merchants' Eichavoh V
San Fbancisco. May 18. 1831. '
Th* time ball on Telegrapu Hill was droppel
exactly at noon to-day— i. c, at noon of the 1-0: i
meridian, or exactly a.: a F. it.. Greenwich tlm.«.
A. F. FKIlTBLItH,
Llpntpnant I', 8. N.. in rhnr r«.
Arrived.
;... MONDAY. May 18.
Stmr Noyo. I/evinson. 14 hours from Fort Brags;:
pass and mdse, to J s Klrahall.
Stmr Tillamook, Hanson, 49 hours from Hue
neme: ballast, to Pollatd «& Dodce.
Stmr l'otnt Arena, Johnson, 14 hours from Men
doclno, etc; pass and mdse, to .Mendocino Lumber
Co.
Stmr Alcazar, Guoderson, 56 hours from
Port Los Angeles; ballast, to L E White Lumber
Co.
Strur Greenwood. Carlson, 15 hours from Green
wood: lumber, to L B White Lumber Co.
Stmr Mackinaw, Littlefield, 8ft hrs frm Tacoma;
3500 tons coal, to S P Co. Port Costa direct.
Simr "Weeott, Whitney, 'ii hours from Eel
River; pass and mdse, to Russ. Sanders & Co.
Haw stmr San Mateo, Fletcher, 98 hours from
Comox; 41:00 tons coal, to S P Co. Oakland
direct.
- ! ,r Willamette, Cushman. 49 hours from
Astoria: 'J'JOO tons coal, to Oregon Imp Co.
iSchr Mary C, Campbell, 8 hours from Bodega;
— bxs butter, to Ross & Hewlett.
SchrJohnA, Hellqulst, 40 hours from Eureka;
417 M ft lumber, to Oca L Sweet.
Schr Iila Schnauer, Niilscn, 29 days from San
Marcos Island; 300 tons gypsum, to I.uc is & Co.
.■~clir Mary GilDert, Ackerman, 35 days from
Han Ci rlos, via San Antonio todays, via Knsenada
21 days.'vla Port Harfor 11 days and bauta Cru«
'1 days; copper ore, to 0 D Bunker <& Co.
Cleared.
MONDAY. May 18.
fctmr Eureka, Jepsen, San Pedro; tioodall, Per
kins A Go.
Simr Empire. Anderson. Astoria; NPSS Co.
Stmr City 'of PiielOa, Debanr, Victoria and Port
Townsend: Goodall, l'erklns at Co.
S;nir Colombia, Clark, Panama; Pacific Mall
Steamship Co.
Br shin British Yeoman, White, Qaeenstown;
Balfour, Guthrie «fc Co.
Br ship Ynrkana, Elliot, Port Townsend: Ren
ton, Holm & Co.
Schr J X I Myalls, Thomas, Guaymas via Mazat-
Ian: Wm OLsen.
Sailed.
MONDAY. May 18.
Stmr Colombia. Clark, Panama and way porta.
Sttnr Columbia, Hollos. Astoria.
stinr Cwoeut City. Allen. Crescent City.
Stntr Point Arena, Johnson, Mendocino.
Br ship Arctic stream. Uowen. Sydney.
&chr Archie and Fontie. Colstrup.
Chartera.
Thebktn C C Funk loads irdse for St Michaels':
schr II C Wright, redwood at Knreka for Hono
lulu: bktn John Smith lumber at Moodyvllle for
Tientsin. 67s bd, Shanghai, Sis 3d— prior to arri
val; schr 0 m Kelloce. lumber at Grays Harbor
for Santa Rosalia: schr Zampa. lumber on the
bound lor Guay mas: schr Lytuan 1) Foster, lum
ber on the Sound lor shanghai. Bis 3d— prior to
arrival.
The ship Barring Brothers loads ties at this port
for Molleudo, lump sum. .
Telegraphic.
POINT LOBOS. Mav 18-10 p. M.-We*thsr
hazy: wind N\V; velocity 30 miles.
Spoken.
Per pilot boat Bonita— On May 16 at 4 ph Nor
stmr Peter Jebsen. from Nanalmo for San Diego.
May 13— Lat 6 N, Ion? •-'" W, Br ship Thomaslna:
MacLellan, hence Jan 9, for QueenstowD.
I>nntostic Ports.
PAN PEDRO— Arrived May 17— Sehr Peerless
from Tacoma. • • ' - •
SAN DIKOO— Arrived May 17— Br ship Metrop
olis, from Newcastle, NSW.
COOS BAY— Sailed May 17— Stmr Arago, for
San Francisco.
YAQUINA HAY— Arrived May IS— Stmr Faral-
Ion. hence May 14.
PORT LOS ANGELES— Arrived May 18— Nor
stmr Peter Jebsen. from Nanalmo.
NAVARUO— aailedMay 18-Stmr Navarro, for
San Francisco.
TACOMA— bailed May 14— Br ship Howth, for
Liverpool.
BOWKN8 LANDING— Sailed May 18-Schr
Newark, for San Francisco.
TATOOS11— Passed May 17— Slmr Alblou, from
Cooks Inlet, for Seattle.
POUT ANGELES— In port May 18-Stmr Jeanle
from Alaska, tor Cotnox.
KEDON'DO— Arrived May 18-Stmr Caspar, frm
Fort Bragg: schr Son Buenaventura, from Grays
IlnrDor.
GREENWOOD-ArrivedMay 18-Stmr Whites
boro. hence May 17.
SEATTLE— Cleared May 14-Bktn Catherine
Sudden, for San Jose de Guatemala.
Arrived May 18— >tmr Albion, from Cooks In
let; schr Fthel Znne. from Port Townsend.
Sailed May 18-Ship John C Potter, for Saa
Francisco. . _ _
NEW WHATCOM — Arrived Mar 17-Bktn
Monitor, from San Pedro.
ASTORIA— Sailed May 18— Stmr Slate Of Cali
fornia, for Sun Francisco.
HIHLKR- POINT— Mav lS-Schr FtT#
Brothers, forPhelps Landing.
M&NllOCINO- Arr.ved May IS — Schr W 8
Fbelps, hence May 18. •-■■•'•■
KUREKA—Arrived May 18— Stmr Pomona, hnc
May 17; schr Occidental, from San Pedro: schr
Klnorah. from San Pedro: sclir Mabel Gray, from
San Diego: schr Una. from San Pedro.
sailed May IS— Stmr North Foric. for Sao Fran
cisco.
KHotern Ports.
NEW YORK— Sailed May 16— Ship Shenan
doah. for^nn Francisco. '■';'- 'o...' '. V
PHILADELrHIA—Sailed May 1,-Ship 3 abei
Howes, for San Francisco.
K»rt<ien Port*. *!/'
IIONGKONG— Sailed May IS-Brs'.mr Coptic,
for San Francisco. «'•'_"* '
l'.KOWH HAD— Passed May 16— Rr ship L*n
ca^ter Castle, hence Jan 4. for Liverpool.
LORI I MARQVKSi— Apr CO— Bark
Harvester, for Newcastle. NSW.
VALPARAISO- \rr-v.-.*. May 10-Kr Port
Elgin, from Port Riak.>>y.
AC-APt'LCO— Sailed May Stair S*a Bias, for
San Francisco.
tlovi>ni»n'« of Trim «utl<- <••«»>>•-«
i.kwfs-p»«5.v1 m.iv -Stmr Inihrv from
Liverpool tor Philadelphia. Ma 17— Stm* H+fia,
from Stettin, for New York; «mr VSrsinl*. fro:a
New York, for Stettin.
NKW YOKK— .\rnv*A May IS— Stnvr Mohawt,
from London: stmr OtvtnvJ*, ttv.m Naples: v.cir
Chateau La:i.: frani Hor>lpa»x.
lu)v>rt,-tliou<.
EVUEKA-Pirr W^Ml-lliuV, 06 fc x » bo,t, r . I
CM ens. 'ft r.>*-«s'. calves S50 M shine'.**, i'.vSl
ft lumber SO Mi .«i>-»d
J-NtKT AKAlUU-lVr Noro-1 bx sh^JK 1 •*«»
CS'lUr, ! N«VMt 6 v> Jksm* aoA 1 a orsan,
1 c» »hcvc!v 1 bx v»:irrnv 1KH *^.«ip itv.\a. 8M.993
ft low^r. k x**** *&&**.
STARKNA IVsJat AwnA-S o* ece». 4.
tot ■ * •(*«•«•* H» l .«. . . ,-ti\k
Mcavlvvlt^-l w,»>^.
N .
ivl?t Vu it!?* t*»U*lt^v W^^a,MU<srhtel:
•- v . :
M^^svrtt^wVN-vV; NvW«k X>«w.«O»: Arc
.,<« A
»£ v!J W \ V J* r v^'«*«> Rfiwrvt Co.
r^S££^SS*^ M*V**xtwWNt.« v»;Siajv>nd Sav»
m!^ " T f^<^*5W^* v\V: V^M%*&»M Iron and
lUM^MAt^ V^>nhV**\»**H>4; \.X)Kr*U*s:
• Vrn-t
ul.TO*^ - - v v-y,« \vtt*»>» .* ifUVM: O de
•-■ - . ■■■.-. > .< v. C AInhuman Conduct of an
Unknown Man in
a Cart.
DROVE RAPIDLY AWAY.
Scattered Children at Play and
Fatally Crushed Rosie
Ramos.
THREATS ARE OPENLY MADE.
It Will Not Be Well for the Mis
creant to B- Seen in That
Neighborhood.
Oakland Office San* Francisco Call,)
BOMB Broad way, May 18. f
On Friday evening a man in a cart,
while drivine along the county road
through Irvington, fatally injured a little
girl. lie did not stop for a moment to see
what ho had done, but drove on and left
his little victim to die in the road. Half
an hour later she was a corpse.
The residents of Irvington are much ex
ercised over the matter, and to-day it was
the only subject of conversation in tlie
little town. Everybody is trying to dis
cover the heartless driver, and rlcws are
being followed up in all directions. The
name of the little victim is Kosie Ramos,
and her father i* one of the best-known
residents of Irvinpton.
Rosie Ramos was playing in the road
on Friday evenine. She was in company
with several other children when theyaaw
a horse and cart approaching rapidly. The
little ones hastened to run for shelter, but
Rosie stumbled, and before; she coukl re
gain her feet th» horse ;:nd vehicle almost
cru-hed the life nut of her. She was car
ried into a house ana a doctor at once pro
nounced her injuries fata!. She remaned
\mconseious for about half an hour and
then breathed her last. Another of the
children was also struck, but escape .lwith
a few bruises.
AJthougii the children shouted to him,
ami although it was bru.nl day [ght SO that
the driver coald plainly see what he had
d'Tie, lie whipped up his hor?e anl drove
rapid ly away.
A Deputy Coroner was investigating the
case on Saturday and .day, but has dis
covered nothing that will leal to the
heartless horsom.in. This morning Coro
ner Baldwin went to Irving. on to hold an
inquest, bat he was not at all satisfied
with the result. No testimony could be
obtained but that of the playmates of little
Ramos and of a few friends who had seen
the hor=e and cart pass along the road.
T. children all told the same story, but
it shed no Ji<;nt on the affair, and a verdict
in accordance with tne few facts at hand
was returned.
"I would have felt more satisfied," said
the Coroner, "if 1 had reached a verdict
ing some one with manslaughter.
From the story of the companions of the
'lead girl I conclude that the driver must
either have been drunk, or a brute, or
both. The little pirl was frightfully cut
and crushed, and the best proof in my
mind of the man's guilt is that he drove
on and was not humane enough to stop
and at least Dick the little thing up.
"If that cart and driver are ever seen in
that part of the county again I expect
there will be another job forme. Indig
nation there is very great} and if ever the
man that killed little Ramos be found by
her friends or neighbors he will be
punished enough before they are through
with him. And he would deserve it all.
At present we have nothing that will help
to find him but the description of the
children, and they were so frightened that
they can give but few details."
Hall of Records Annex Is
Loaned to the Board of
Trade.
Granted in Response to the Petition of
Three Hundred Local Mer
chants.
OAKLAND, Cal.. May 13.— President J.
P. Taylor and a delegation of the directors
of the Oakland Board of Trade were in
attendance on the meeting of the County
Supervisors this morning and presented
the following petition:
"Gentlemen: We, your petitioners,
would respectfully solicit that you give
the occupancy of the room beneath yours
in the Hall of Records to the Oakland
Board of Trade for the purpose of making
there a permanent exhibit of the pro
ducts and manufactures of Alameda
County, until such time as your honorable
board shall have use for said room."
This was signed by nearly three hun
dred business firms of the county. Mr.
Taylor addressed the board, saying the
Board of Trade now had a very large mem
bership who desired to do something to
wards advertising the comity and they be
lieved thai such an exhibit "as it was pro
pped to place in the room would do the
greatest amount of good. Their request
was granted.
OAKLAND, Cal., May 13.—Horticul
tural Commissioner A. D."Pryal has made
a teur of inspection nf the fruit crop down
th^ valley as far as Mission San Jose. He
reports the orchards loss afflicted with in
sects than ever before. The late rains se
riously affected the cherry crop. Apncots
will not be an average in quantity, but ex
cellent in quality. Apples, pears and vege
tables, hay and berries are looking splen
did.
As Quarantine Officer, Mr. Pryal re
cently notified local fruit-dealers that
oranges afflicted with .Australian scale
were being received here and exposed for
sale. He warned them to receive no fur
ther fruit thus infected, and to-day oranges
in the local market arc cleaner than eve/
before.
Considerably Mixed.
OAKLAND, Cal., May 18.— H. Btein
back, assignee of M. L. Goldson and .). If.
Shannon, has sued A. L. Jlarn for $106 79.
with interest from March 23, 1*94, and the
ease is now on trial before Judge Onden.
The amount represents a note given Jor
professional service. The defense charges
ti.at the treatment was so negligent as to
result in the patient's death.
Those who know the physicians feel that
the charge against them is a wrong that
can only return to its orignator. Both stand
high in the profession on this side of the
bay.
The City Council.
OAKLAND, Cal., May lft.— The City
Council met to-night and finally passed
the resolution thai closes up Rossos Cot
tape, the notorious resort near Lake Mer
ritt.
Councilman Manuel made a long speech
in which he answered the many charges
mai'.e by the Mayor regarding the differ
ent departments of the city Government.
Mr. Manuel divided his arraignment
of the Mayor into seven parts, and
argued that each one was a proof that the
Mayor has constantly ass rted that which
he knew to be untrue. The Mayor will
reply in a communication to-morrow.
Norclhausen'g Estate.
OAKLAND, Cal., May 18.— The will of
the late E. A. Nordhausen has been riled
for probate by his brother, C. A. Nord
hausen, who is appointed executor. The
estate is valued a.. $05,000.
A life interest in the late home, 563
Fourteenth street, and all personal effects
are left to his mother and $75 a month.
At the mother's death her interest goes to
deceased's sister, Mr.«. Loise Heeseman.
To the latter he gives $20,000. The rest of
the estate goes to the brother.
Mrs. "Warner's D.atli.
OAKLAND, Cal.. May 18.— The death
of Mrs. Lola B. Warner, wife of James
Warner, at her home, 1067 Oak street, has
thrown a sadness over a very large circle
of acquaintances and friends. She leaves
nine children, besides her husband, to
mourn her los-s. She was a native of Con
necticut, aged 49 years 9 months, and has
resided here thirteen years. The funeral
will be held to-morrow (Tuesday) after
noon from her late home.
The Chimney Goes.
OAKLAND, Cal , May 18.— The Board
of Supervisors this afternoon let a con
tract to the Oakland Iron Works to re
move tne condemned chimney at the
Courthouse and replace it with an eighty
foot iron smokestack twenty inches in
diameter. The cost will be $2ti5. For
Borne time it has been feared that a high
wind might blow the chimney over on the
building and cause loss of life.
The Knilroad Such.
OAKLAND, Cal.. May 18.— Central
Pacific Railroad Company has sued the
city of Oakland to recover $1258 75 paid as
taxes on April 17, 1896, under protest. This
is the amount which was assessed to the
company on the Seventh street local track
and the switches at the West Oakland
yards, which it is claimed was a art of
its roadbed and right-of-way, assessed by
the State Board of Equalization.
Cake- Walk at Macrioiiouch.
OAKLAND, Cal., May 18.— The Mac
donough Theater w*.s packed to-night, the
occasion being the opening of the Prim
rose & West's minstrels. To-morrow
nigbt there will be a cake-walk, and sev
eral note ' local walkers have entered the
contest. .Major Waters, the historic
chimney-sweep, will be on the stage and
i? Sclent of a prize.
. r.rieljjo Repairs.
OAKLAND. Cal., May 18— The manage
ment of the Vandercook electric line have
a force of men at work replanking the
Eighth-street bridge to-day. The caps
and stringers are being * strengthened
where decayed with braces on each side.
HISTORY OF A DAT.
Alameda County Happenings Told In
Brief Chapters.
Oakland Office, San Francisco Call, {
9aS Broadway, May 18. |
There is to be a soci»l at the First Presbyte
rian Church to-morrow evening, with a musical
and literary programme of a high order.
Ex-Chief of Police Schaffer will shortly sue
the city for salary for his unexpired term. He
claims he was discharged without proper
cause.
The estate of Kate Edith Kirkham, widow of
the late General R. W. Kirkham, recently ad
judged incompetent, has been appraised at
$188,750 0G.
Counsel for Ben L. Hill, convicted of mur
dering his wife, has been allowed fifteen diiys
from May 15 in which to prepare and tile his
statement on appeal and bill of exceptions.
Phil Sheridan Circle No. 5. Ladies of the G.
A. R., will give a Martha Washington social on
Tuesday next at Loring Hall. Members of the
circle will be dressed in the time of one hun
dred years ago.
The Board of Health has received the regula
tions for carrying out the instructions of the
Bureau of Animal Industry, Department of
Agriculture of the United States, concerning
the testing of dairy cattle as to the presence of
tuberculosis.
Ira W. Bishop, Superintendent of the Pied
mont Railway Company, was arrested this af
ternoon upon the complaint of Street Superin
tendent Miller, charging that the company did
not repair the street between its tracks when
requested to do so.
The Decision on the Appeal for Her
Extradition Will Not Be Given
Till October.
Chief Crowley received a dispatch yes
terday from Detective Crockett that he
would leave Denver last night, as tbe case
of Mrs. Emma York would not be decided
till October.
Mrs. York was arrested in Denver
several weeks ago while on her way to
Canada on the complaint of her dauehter
in-law, Mrs. Adelia Gibson, who charged
her with felony embezzlement. The
amount involved is $20,000, which Mrs.
Gibson's husband gave to his mother be
fore hia death and which the widow
c aimed was community property.
Crockett left with the necessary paoers
for Mrs. York's extradition. She fought
her extradition and the Judge who heard
the case decided that the evidence was
not sufficient lo remand her into custody.
An appeal was taken on behalf of the
people to the United States Appeal Court
and a decision will not be given till Octo
ter in St. Paul, Minn.
Crockett will bring with him Sam Sin
german. a commercial traveler, who was
arrested about a week ago on a complaint
sworn to here by Miss Rebecca Casmir,
512 Post street, charging him with grand
hirceny. Singerman made Miss Casmir's
acquaintance and got from her $ 200 worth
of jewelrv and some money lo start a
cigar-Ptore with. Instead he got a woman
to join him here from Los Angeles and
absconded with the jewelry and money.
Herbert Spencer Lose* tlie Champion
Prize Winner of ThU State.
Herbert Spencer, the well-known sports
man, who tor many years was tne shoot
ing companion of \V. J. StacKpole, de
ceased, was taken by a very unexpected
surprise yesterday morning on receipt of
a telegram from Alameda which briefly
stated that his famous pointer dog, Buck
S, the winner of first prizes under Judges
Roper, Davidson, Wadell ana Mortimer,
was dead.
Mr. Spencer, who resides in Alameda,
was very much attached to bis dog, which
was acknowledged by sportsmen ns being
one of the best trained pointers in this
State on quail. The highly prized canine
was always accorded an hour's exercise by
its owner each morning in the immediate
vicinity of Mr. Spencer's resiience, and
on yesterday morning it is presumed that
the doe had partaken of some poisoned
meat which had caused his death.
Mr. Hpencer is determined that he will
leave no stone unturned in uneartning tlie
vandals who have poisoned no many valu
able dotfs of late, and it is safe to say that
if the guilty party is discovered he or she
will receive a lesson which will not soon
be forgotten. Dog-poij-oning in Alameda
has become v^ry popular of late.
The Alameda Sportsmen's Association
will open the exhibition of dogs to-mor
row evening. The Oakland bench show of
this year will assuredly prove a most suc
cessful venture. The entry of dogs of
various breeds is much larger than Jast
vear, anu judging from the »:reat interest
that is manifested by all classes of sports
men in the show, success is bound to
crown the efforts of the club.
Young Von Schmidt's Body-
Found Near the Scene of
tfye Accident.
RESCUED MAN'S STORY.
Struck by a Heavy Squall While
Running Beiore the
Wind.
WERE ATTACKED BY CRAMPS.
Only Four Feet of Water Where the
Strong Sw miner Met His
Death.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,)
90S Broadway, May 18. >
All doubt as to the of tiie two men
who were reported missing from the
dredger's yawl last night whs dispelled
this morning when the body of S. H. von
Schmidt was found on a sand spot near
the narrow-gauge pier.
Early this morning Captain E. A. von
Schmidt had a crew at work dragging the
creek, b'lt the body was high and dry on
the sand where it had been left by the out
going tide. The arms were under the
body, which was lying face down, and the
fingers plainly showed that cramps had
helped to cause death. Von Schmidt was
a remarkably strong swimmer, and also a
trained tailor, and tiie cause of the acci
dent is still a mystery.
All the men in the boat were sailors, and
the manner of its capsizing was told this
morning by N'nnjak to the engineer of the
dredger. The sailor's story was somewhat
disconnected, but the engineer repeated it
thus:
"Naujak told me that the party was
sailing up the creek with the wind nearly
dead aft. In the boat with him were Tom
R. P. Morrison of Han Francisco and a
Dane. They were nearly opposite the
Peralta-street wharf when a squall struck
the boat, her bow went under and she
sanir. Morrison, who was a poor swim
mer, clunn to the mast, which stuck about
a foot above the water, and the other three
started to swim ashore. Noujak alone
reached it. He did not wait to send a boat
after Morrison, so I went to see about it.
Morrison was picked ur> by a steamer, but
Von Schmidt and the Dane were drowned."
"Froru the position of his arms and
hands,' said Cantain E. A. von Schmidt,
uncle of the unfortunate man, to-day, 'I
believe cramps overtook him. It seems a
mystery that such a powerful swimmer as
he should drown. The small wound above
his eye may have caused loss of enough
blood to weaken him, but I am sure that
he had not that scar in life. When they
found the body it was within 100 feet of
where the boat sank. If this is where he
went down, and it was probably very near
the spot, the water was not over four feet
deep at 4 o'clock lust night, the time of the
accident."
8. H. von Schmidt was known as one of
the strongest swimmers around the bav,
and the opinion prevail? along thp water
front that he must have caunht his foot
among the wreckage and be*>n unable to
rise to the surface, if such were the case
his body must have become free of the
wreckage after death.
The yawl that went down is an ill
fated craft. Last season she filled and
sank between the two piers, but the crew
were rescued. Von Schmidt used to boast
of his stiff boat's canacity, but she finally
proved unable to weather a heavy squail
Some Miscreant Girdles Fruit Traeii ana
Cuts Down Ornamental Ones.
OAKLAND, Cal., May 18.— The beauti
ful Harmon villa at San Leandro, which
was awarded to Mrs. Harmon in the set
tlement between her and her husband
when he attempted to leave the State with
$20,000 along with $10,000 in cash, has been
I despoiled by ttoe work of some miscreant.
Since the separation both Dr. and Mrs.
Harmon have remarried, the former re
siding in the North and the latter in San
Francisco.
Thursday night some one moved with a
spirit of -spite' or revenue pirdled ?ome
forty growing cherry trees and cat down a
number of orange and palm tree*. The
cuerry trees anpear to hnve been barked
by a drawinp-knife, while a saw was used
on the orange and palm trees.
Mrs. Harmon-Wheeler has her suspicion
of tbe perpetrator of this act of vandalism
and has offered a reward of $100 for proof
that will lead to his arrest and conviction.
OAKLAND, Cal., May 18.— Will Scott,
a lad eighteen years of age. was arrested at
Sixth and Castro streets to-nieht. He 'is
suspected of being the highwayman who
robbed Charles Brown en the San Leandro
road last night.
When fccott was searched Brown's
pocketbook and a missing check were
found on him. Deputy Charles White and
Constable Koch made the arrest alter dis
covennp that trcott had been in the com
pany of Brown all of yesterday.
It Will Open Wednesday and Promises
to lie a Success.
OAKLAND, Cal., May is.— The second
animal dog show given under the auspices
of tue Pacific Coast Sport-man's Associa
tion will open in the Exposition building
Wednesday. Ther • are nearly .{00 entries,
including most of thos-e that took first and
second prizes in San Francisco recently.
A lame number of the linest dogs from
the Northwest will arrive to-morrow and
be placed on exhibition.
The Exposition building is being placed
in condition rapidly and will present a
very pretty | icuire when the show opens.
The management is doing ail in its power
to make this the best show ever jjiven on
the coast.
['rnfew r Lorenzo V. Inakeep Leaves
for lliU-ago University.
OAKLAND, Cm,., May 18.— Professor
L. D. Inskeui> of California College has
semred a leave of absence for one year,
And on the 28th with his wife will leave
for Chicago to be away a year. The pro
fessor is a nephew of Senator McBride of
Oregon and will i?o there to visit his uncle
en route to Chicago.
It is the iniention of Professor Inskeep
to take a years' s| oeial work in philosophy
and political science in the Un lversity of
Chicago, and at the same time will do a
cer-ain amount of teaching in one of t.'ie
affiliated colleger. At the end of the year
he will return and resume his position in
the faculty of the institution in which he
lia-i been a leading member since it was
opened In 1887.
Professor Inskeep has found time to take
a prominent part in public affairs. He
lias been a member of the Board of Library
Trustees, president of an improvement as
association having its headquarters at
Twenty-third avenue and has been vice
president and president of the Citizens'
Municipal League. The latter position,
which u one of mucn dignity and im
portance, he still holds. Fro:es9or Ins
keep's return at the end of the year's
leave will be welcomed by both bis college
and the community.
Newly Organized Congressional District
v::.-Vif Committee Meets To-Morrow,
Oakland Office San Francisco Cat.l.J
90S Broadway, May 18. )
To-morrow afternoon the first meeting
of the newly organized Congressional Com
mittee of this district will meet in the
Blake & Moffatt building. The committee
consists of:
Forty-sixth Assembly District— E. K. Strow
brtdce.
Forty-seventh Assembly District— George
Babtock.
Forty-eighth Assembly District— W. H.
Friend.
Forty-ninth Assembly District— John A.
S.'i T: <1 ~.
Fiftieth Assembly District— Hugh Aldrich.
Fifty-first Asseruoly District— Robert Edgar.
Comra Tosta County — Dr. J. S. Riley.
Polano County— A. Andprson.
Yolo County— H. KrviiiR.
Colusa County — J. W. Browninjf.
Glenn County— George D. Dudley.
Lake County— P. Ogden.
There will be a conference regarding the
protrrammeof futureaciion. In connection
with the calling of a primary for a Congres
sional convention it is understood that
various propositions intended to avoid the
danger ol two primaries and the conse
quent conflict that would ensue will be
acted upon. It is the Jirst Btep toward
harmony.
Shipwrecked Sailors Begin an Interest
ing Suit Against the Pacific Trad
ing Company.
Hans Isaacson, hunter, Victor Carlson
and F. Bartlett, sailors on the sealing
schooner Alton, began suit in the United
States District Court yesterday to recover
$1900, alleged to be due them under ship
ping contracts signed with the Pacific
Trading Company December 15, 1895.
The libelants allege that on the day
mentioned they sailed on the Alton for the
sealing grounds. When off the coast of
Japan they were sent out in a small boat,
and in a heavy fog which came up later
lost sight of the schooner.
They cruised about for several days, un
dergoing great hardships, finally landing
at a small seaport town on the coast of
Japan. The complaint alleges that with
much difficulty the libelants made their
way to Yokohama, where the American
Consul was informed of their condition.
On April 20 the Alton put in at Hakodate,
Japan,' and the master was notified by
Deputy American Consul George H. 8cid
more that the libc-lants were at Yoko
hama.
The captain of the Alton notified the
three men to come to Hokodate, but
before they could reach that port the
schooner sailed. In consequence of this
action they, were compelled to make their
wav back to America as best they could,
which they proceeded to do, reaching this
port May 12,
Isaacson alleges that be is out of pockat
$1200, of which $300 is for loss of wearing
apparel, retained by the Alton, and $900
which he would have earned had he been
permitted to continue the voyage. The
remainder of the amount asked for is
claimed by Carlson and Bartlett. :
To Deliver Lectures Before
Prominent Geological
Societies.
HIS GOLDEN WEDDING
Will Be Celebrated at His Old
Home in the State of
Georgia.
BIG DEMAND FOR LADYBUG?.
A New Jersey Scientist to Capture
a Thou aid Dollars'
Worfu.
BERKELEY, Cat.., May 18.— Dr. Joseph
Le Conte, the veteran geologist at the
State University, has been granted a leave
of absence for six months, during which
time he wiil go Enst and to Europe, visit
ing the principal geological societies on
his journey, and will return to America in
time to celebrate his gulden wedding, in
(ieorgia, the 14th of next January.
Dr. Le Conte will leave for Buffalo some
time in July, where he (rill address the
Amnrican Science Association. After the
meeting at Buffalo he will go to Bangor,
Me., in August, and speak b'.fore the
United States Society of Evolutionists.
In September he will read a paper before
t e National Academy at Washington.
Dr. Le Conte has been a member of this
society for the past twenty-rive years, but
has never yet been present at a meeting.
In October he goes to Princeton to attend
the sesqui centennial of wnaf. is known as
Princeton University.
"What is commonly called Princeton
University," says Dr. Le Conte, 'is not
Princeton University. It is the College of
New Jersey, in fact. At the meeting there
in October it will be officially named, or
rather changed to "Princeton University,"
and Dr. Le Conte is to be the representa
tive from the University of California at
this one hum! red and fiftieth anniversay
cotiferenop. In November he goes by spe
cial invitation to Eugiand, where he will
address the British ;-oience Association at
Liverpool. Dining his stay in England he
wili be the gue--t 01 the association. If he
lia* the time Vt. Le Conte will also visit
Paris.
Upon returning from Europe in Decem
ber tie will attend the meeting of the Geo
logical Society of America, of which he
has been president for the past year. The
place of meeting has not yet been named,
but it is expected tnat it will he some
where in New York State. "There is a
possibility," said Dr. Le Cpnte, to-day "of
getting the American Scienca Association
to hold its next convention in San Fran
cisco. I have been in correspondence with
several member?, ana they assure me that
they are willing to come. It depends en
tirely upon the railroad rates, and when I
appear before the railroad association I
ope to have with me concessions from
the railroad company which will assure
the convention for tiie Pacific Const.
The British Science Association meets
in C'anarta next year, and 1 feel fairly con
ti'lent that they can be induced to come
West and meet with the American Science
Association.
Dr. Le Conte's golden wedding will be
celebrated either at Macon or Milledge
yiile, Ga., on the 14th of next January. It
is expected that all his children, bis grand
chiluren and other relations will be pres
ent. 'He will return the same month to
Berkeley to take up his lecture work of the
spring term.
He will give only one undergraduate
course in geology next year, and will con
tine his almost entire attention to ad
vanced work and to the completion of sev
eral books which he has commencd. lie
is now engaged in reading the proofsheets
of his revised work on geology, which will
be ready for the market at the beginning
of the fall term. Dr. he Conte will take to
New York with him, in July, his manu
script on tits new work on "'Light," and
will leave it with his publishers there.
Though Dr. Le Conte celebrated his sev
enty-sixth birthday last March, he is as
hale and hearty to-day as five years ago.
Catching Laclybugg.
BERKELEY, Cal., May 18.— Professor
John B. Smith, head of the department
of entomology at the >'ew Jersey experi
ment station, who has t'een on a tour of
California gathering $1000 worth of lady
bags for his State, will arrive in Berkeley
to-morrow, and will be the guest of Pro
fessor Woodworth. Exporting ladybugs
from California is an entirely new line of
industry. Importation of the insect for
the purpose of destroying a certain scale
which collects on deciduous fruits grown
in the central and southern parts of the
State has been carried on for a number of
years past, but now the work of exporting
has commenced.
A new industry, therefore, has come into
existence, anil it lias already given prom
ise of casting the business of ihe butterflv
chaser or the frog-trapper into utter insig
nificance.
Professor Smith has been sent to this
coast by the State of New Jersey through
tlu-ir agricultural experiment station for
the express purpose of collecting and
transmitting to ten points in his State
$1000 wortti of these "coccinellidia>. " The
San Jose Udybug is the species lor which
the entomologist is looking especial y.
The San Jose scale has become seated in
New Jeisey and it is his purpose to deter
mine whetner the California bug will be
of service there in destroying the fruit
pest.
"The ladybue," said Professor Wood
worth to-day, "seems to be the most suc
cessful of all the pest-destroying agents in
California, but in the Eastern States they
have not served with like efficacy.
"The bug is the tzreat California remedy.
In the East the spray ana a process of
fumigation are used, but the bugs have
not shown up very well. There is perhaps
no insect in the world which is capable of
causing greater damage to fruit interests
in the United States than the San Jose or
pernicious scale. We are looking with
much interest to the results of Professor
Smith's adventure out here on his bug
collecting tour, because of the great good
which will eornp from it if the insects work
successfully in New Jersey."
Suffragists Will Hold Forth.
BERKELEY, Cal., May 18.— The Citi
zens' Suffrage Society of Berkeley wlil
hold a convention next Wednesday after
noon and evening at Sbattuck Half. Mrs.
George W. Haiglit, president of the local
Citizens' Suffrage Society will delivpr the
address of welcome. The afternoon meet
ing will be addressed by Mrs. Albert Car
lisle and Miss Severance. Mrs. Carlisle
will speak on the subject, "Does the
Wife and Mother Need the Ballot?" and
Mis9 Severance on the question, "Does
the Business Woman Need the Ballot?"
The session in the evening will be ad
dressed by Miss Yates of Michigan, and
by Attorney George W. Haight.
All the suffrage clubs of Oakland, Ala
meda and vicinity are expected to be rep
resented. The ladies have been inviied to
speak before the West Berkeley Republi
can Club, and the club, in turn, has been
invited to the suffrage convention. A
mass-meeting will soon be held bv the
olub, at which the suffrage question wiil
lorrn the central topic ot' discussion.
Contractor Grant Arrested.
BERKELEY, Cal., May 18.— Contractor
Grant was arrestet this morning on com
plaint of Will Schmidt, who states that the
contractor disturbed his property. The
arrest grew out of the diffn-uhies which
spem to exist between (leorce and Will
Bchmidt over a bouse at Berkeley station.
Each o! the brothers appears to claim that
the office which is at present occupied by
Will bchmidt is hia own.
Contractor Grant was ordered by George
Bchmidt to remove :ht? building, out Will
Schmidt protested, and the result was the
arrest of Grant for disturbing the prop
er ty.
The contractor was released on his own
recognizance.
Summer School of Chemistry.
BERKELEY, Cal., May 18.— Professor
W. B. Rising, head of the department of
Chemistry at the State University, has an
nounced that the summer school of chem
btry in Berkeley .will open on June 17 and
continue until July 29. The success of the
school last summer was unprecedented,
and b- cause of this fact a continuance is
warranted.
Mls<* Swain to Lecture.
BERKELEY, Cal., May 18.— Misa Addie
Swain, a psychrornatic reader of consider
able prominence, will lecture to-morrow
evening mi her specialty at the Odd
Fellows 1 Hall.
The Body of a Young WomaD
Found on the Beach at
Park-Street Wharf.
At the Meelinr of the City Trustees
Attention Was Drawn to the
Sewage in the Tida. Canal.
ALAMEDA, Cal., May 13.— At midday
to-day the body of a woman recently
drowned was found at the foot of Park
street, about a chain east of the wharf, by
L. Sarrahiima, a city scavenger living at
1014 Regent street. She had b?en washed
up by the tide, and as it receded the body
was left face downward, with the feet
pointing to the shore. The face was bat
tered and the right eye closed and heavily
contused, making identitication almost a
matter of impossibility.
She seema to have been of Scandinavian
or English origin and about 30 years of
age. On her person nothing could be
found to lead to her identitication. She
is of medium height, has hue flaxen hair,
blue eyes and apparently belonged to the
humbler class. She was dressed in a thick,
warm woolen fabric, brown in color, but
showing a bright red in the woof, skirt
and bodice being of the same materiJ!.
Her jacket was a short- waisted black,
cheviot, double-breasted, mandolin sleeves
and six large black buttons. No hat was
found with or near the body. Her under
skirt is of black sateen and her flannel
petticoat made of gray worsted, hand-
Kniited. She wore black stockings and
black cloth-topped boots.
In her pockets were four keys on a ring
with a dress-fastener, a pair of black kid
gloves and a purse containing an English
shilling and penny, a two-cent piece, a
nickel and a dime, together with a small
almanac for 1806, issued oy E. Colgate, the
English peiiumer.
Phe carried a silver open-faced Geneva
watch in her breast with the initials N. S.
cut in the form of a monogram attached
to a gold-plated fob-chain with a bangle at
its end. The watnh was stopped at 1:50.
The collar of her waist was pinned with a
common brooch from which all the plat
ing had been worn, leaving two swallows
in blue enamel remaining. In her ears
she wore red coral ear-rin^s, the coral set
in gold— the coral being about the size
anlshnpeof a split pea. Her two front
upper teeth are gold stopped. It is con
jectured that she was a domestic in
search of employment, as some one very
like her called at Cory's employment office
about a week ago. but" did not
leave her name or address. The body is
lying at the parlors ot A. P. Smiley, dep
uty coroner.
Board of Trustees.
ALAMEDA, Cal., May 19.— At the meet
ing of the Board oi Trustees this evening
accounts to the amount of $/>76 40 were
passed for payment. The City Electri
cian's report for the past month showed •
Workine expenses $«38 95, salaries $412 50,
total $1052 45 ; receipts— consumers $238 90,'
j arc lights and city Jichts $796 90, library
$27, old material sold $33, total $1097 05.
A letter was received from E. vV. Lin
forth of 1716 Everett street, traversing the
incompletioa of the tidal canal and the
accumulation of rilth and sewage therein.
He made complaint of the terrible stench
that arises from its water?, so much so
that tho car-conductors go inside their
cars and close the doors when crossing it,
and pointed out what a menace tothepub
lic health the nuisance is.
As Congress will adjourn soon and no
appropriation is likely to be made it is
the duty of the City Trustees, as the rep
resentatives of the citizens, to take imme
diate action and see that the canal is fin
ished to San Leandro Bay, so that the
scouring action of the tide can remove the
effluvia.
Five hundred feet of Paragon hose were
ordered to be procured. At the request of
the City Attorney it was decided to re
voke the business license of Sallin^er
Bros, of Oakland. It was resolved to ask
the Board of Health to recommend the
nam»of a suitable physician to succeed to
the position rendered vacant by the late
Dr. C. G. Zeyn. It was decided to levy a
supplementary assessment for the open
in^ of Buena Vista avenue for the sum of
$986 85.
Dawson Divorce Suit.
ALAMEDA, Cal., May 18.— Seattle
court has appointed J. E. Barber to take
the depositions of Mrs. E. St. Sure, Dr. G.
P. Reynolds and Oscar L. Rod ers in the
matter of the divorce suit of Dr. Lewis R.
Dawson against his wife, and in which
certain prominent younp men of Alarueda
were named as co-respondents. Eslerbrook
and Bert Remonel are said to be on a bi
cycling tour to the Blue Lakes.
Political Kquulity Convention.
ALAMEDA, Cal., May 18.— The conven
tion lor political equality will be held this
week in Alameda on May 21 and May 22.
There will be daily sessions at 3 p. m. and
8 p. m. in Armory Hall, Park street, cor
ner Buena Vista avenue. Rev. Anna
Shaw. Miss Sarah Severance, Miss Yates
of Maine, Miss Mills of New York aud
hers will address the people.
Death From Paralysis.
ALAMEDA, Cat... May 18.— Mrs. Har
riet M. Figgj mother of Frank H. McCor
mick, president of the Municipal League,
died last night at the residence of her son,
w om she was visiting. Her death was
due to paralysis, and her remains were
.-hipped to Sacramento this afternoon,
where she resided, for burial. She was 58
years old.
Electric Light Injunction Suit.
ALAMEDA, Cal., May 18.— injunc
tion suit of Fleming vs. City Trustees was
po tponed this morning till next Wednes
day. Pole-setting by F. N. Delanoy has
been temporarily abandoned, pending ad
vice from Engineer Mazuma.
Andrew Ariando Arrested on the Charge
of Felony l.m in-// icinriit.
Andrew Ariando, a window cleaner, was
brought from Napa to the City Prison last
night Dy Detective J. A. Fitzgerald, and
booked on the charge of feiony embezzle
ment.
Ariando purchased a gold watch valued
at ?G0 on the installment plan from Julius
Van Viiet, a jeweler un Market street. He
paid $10 on account, and pawned the
watch for |i>.
He admitted pawning the watcb, and
nave as an excuse that his aged father
wanted to return to Italy, and it was the
onlv way he could raise the necessary
funds to help him.
13BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco Caix
'10 Market street, open until 12 o clock eyerj
eight In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 630 Montgomery street
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
339 Hayes street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
713 Larkln street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
BW. corner Sixteenth and Mission street*, opes
until 9 o'clock.
2618 Mission street, open until 9 o'clock.
118 Ninth street, open until 9:30 o'clock.1516
George Dodge Believes That
He Went to Her on Sat
urday Morning.
HIS FRIEND WAITED FOR
HIS RETURN.
Captain Lees Has Sent His De
scription and Picture Over
the Country.
NO TRACE OF THE MAN HAS
YET BEEN DISCOVERED.
The Clews in the Hands of the Police
Cannot, However, Fail in Run
ning Him to Earth.
J. E. Blanther is still at large. Chief
of Police Crowley and Captain Lees and
their men are atili as busy as men can be,
following every lead that presents itself
and combining the evidence hourly dis
covered.
So far as the evidence is concerned Cap
tain I^ees has now in bis possession almost
a complete chain — enough, if not contro
verted by some direct evidence in some
other direction, to hang J, E. Blantber.
The thing that remains to do is to find
the man.
Suocieotly stated, the chain of evidence
against Blanther is linked in this way:
It is known that Blanther was in a state
of desperation for lack of money and lack
of means to get it. It is known that he
pawned the propertv of a friend secured
under false pretenses; that he tried to raise
money on worthless checks; that be
pawned his overcoat ; that he threatened
to do something desperate to raise money,
and also talked of suicide as an alternative.
It is known that he was acting; a part
with Mrs. Langfeldt, trying to make her
believe that he was wealthy; that he
talked of encaging expensive rooms at the
Kleineberg house; that he tried to buy a
*H>U folding-bed on a check while he had
not money enough to buy a meal; that he,
a young man, was paying daily court to
an infirm old woman and beguiling her
with false representations. It is known
tha: he called upon her the night that she
was murdered ; that no one else called
upon her that night; that he was not seen i
to leave her apartments.
There is reasonably sure evidence that
the murder was committed about 10:30
o'clock and that the murderer left the
house about 11 o'clock. The evidence is
abundant that the murderer cut himself,
as drops of blood were found on the outer °
steps of the building.
J. E. Blanther arrived at his room in
Mrs. Handley's house, 828 Geary street, at \
about ten minutes past 11 o'clock Friday
night. Mrs. Handleysaw him In ihe hall
way as he was about to enter the bath
mom. He remained in the bathroom some
time washing his hands, the water being
allowed to run all the while in the basin.
J. II. Lynch, who has a room on the !
same floor, went into the bathroom imme- j
diately after Blanther left it. He lit the I
gas and found that the water in the basin '
was tinged with crimson. He went into
his own room and left his door ajar and
saw Blanther return to the bathroom twice j
afterward within a short period. His bed :
was not slept in tnat night, although the j
covers were turned down as though to give i
it the appearance usual to it in the morn
lag. Blanther had been living at the
Handley residence for three weeks and
had on no occasion left the house earlier i
thon 10 o'clock. It was usually nearer 11 ,
o'clock.
On Saturday morning he left almost on
the stroke of 6. Clarence Swickert went
out at that time, as did also J. H. Lynch-.
Both of them saw him. He disappeared
that day and although the newspapers •
have emblazoned his name over the coun- !
try joined with a charge of murder and
officers have been searching for him he \
has remained hidden. In his room he j
left a satchel already packed. The night- j
shirt found there was freely spotted with \
blood about the neck wnere it would have
been handled Dy the man with bleeding
fingers.
He left also in his room a tin box that
contained his family papers, papers con
ferring orders upon him by the Austrian
Government, medals and a photograph
papers that a man would not be likely to
leave behind him under ordinary circum
stances.
Now is presented another picture— and a
most interesting one, taken in connection
with these things here joined togetner— i
that seems to point conclusively to J. E. J
Bianther as the author of the horrible
Butchery in the Kieineberg house on Fri
day night.
When Blanther stepped down the front
steps of Mrs. Handley's house at 6 o'clocfc
in the morning he was dressed with elab
orate care, his step was as light, his
whole bearing was as airy as it had ever
been.
At 9 o'clock when George Dodge, the
architect, arrived at his oiiice in the Mer
chants' building be found Blanther wait
ing for him. His reason for being there
so early was that he was going to San
Jose to visit a lady friend. He was in an
unusually pleasant frame of mind, hope
ful and to all appearances happy. Dodge
waa struck with the change.
They had dined together the evening be
fore—a French dinner at the Mauon St.
Gcrmaine. At that time he had bidden
Dodge good-night, as he was going to call
upon a ladv friend. The lady friend was
Mrs. Langfeldt He went directly to her
house. Now, a few hours later— with that
tremendous interval between — he seeks
this same friend again. He is dressed as
for a wedding and his air is almost jaunty
in its gayety. He refers to the pleasant din
ner of the night before. Dodge notices that
he wear? a glove upon his left hand—no
tices it because it is most unusual. He
had always previously carried his gloves
in his hand.
Blanther lights a cigar and offers his
friend another. It happen? that Dodge is
going to Oakland, too. They walk down
to the ferry together. Blantber philoso
phizes along the lines of theosophy and
the Buddhists, as he has Deen accustomed
to do. They cross the bay, and Dodge
leaves the train at Fourteenth street, and
Blanther bids him a blithe farewell, say
ing, "I will see you again; good-by."
And bo Blanther passed out, leaving be
hind him, locked in her room and soon to
be discovered — indeed, already discov
ered — the body of the old woman who had
been his friend.
On the way over he had told Dodge that
he expected to be back in the City on Sun
day, and would meet him at the armory of
the Nationals on Ellis street. He mi^ht
be detained until Monday, he said, and in
that case he would meet him (Dodge) at
the Cafe Royal at 9 o'clock Monday night.
George Dodge went to the Cafe Royal
last evening with the forlorn but lingering
hope tnat he might come; that the terri
ble allegations against his friend were,
after all, false; that the evidence that
seems to point with such certainty to him
could, after all, be explained away. He
waited ana waited, watching tlie passing
of the indifferent throng during two hours.
But his one-time friend did not come.
Blanther Is Supposed to Have Gone
There When He Left Here
Saturday Morning.
"I knew that Blanther had a lady friend
at San Jose," said George Dodge last even
ing. "I know her name, but will not give
it for publication. I think he went there;
am reasonably sure of it.
"Do I think he will return? How can I
imagine that he will if he is guilty of this
thing? The detectives think that he seta
such value upon those medals and family
papers that he may do so in a hope of re
covering them. Perhaps so. I know that
he thought more of tnem than he did of
his life.
Mr. Dodge was quoted in an interview
Wanted for the murder of Mrs. Philopena Langfeld at 1225 Geary
street, San Francisco, Cal., on Friday evening about 10:30 o'clock, one
Joseph Blanther, at one time first lieutenant in the Austrian army,
about ten years ago. and has received the following decorations and
orders: "Have by our imperial decision, December 12, 1873. distin
guished our beloved and faithful Joseph Blanther, born in the year
1859, at Radkersbcrg, in Styria, Lower Austria ; first lieutenant of
the Infantry Regiment Archduke Ludwig Victor, No. 65 ; holder of
the war medal ; Knight of the Italian Royal Crown Order, Third
Class; by the decoration with the order of the Iron Crown, Third
Class."
Blanther has resided in the United States at various points for the
past ten years, namely, New York, Chicago, Denver, portions of
Florida, and came to San Francisco about February 2, 1896, and has
resided here continuously until the commission of the murder, with
the exception of an absence of three weeks at Porland, Or.
Hie pliotograpn nerewitn attached is a photograph taken in his Hussar uniform, about fifteen year
ago, at Vienna, Austria, showing the above-mentioned orders and decorations by the medals on his coat.
The likeness is a good one save that he parts his hair instead of wearing it in bangs and combs it back
rounding style from forehead, showing high forehead. His face is more lengthened than appears in the
photograph, and his mustache is longer and larger. Does not wear eye-glass cord as shown in photograph.
His age being 37 will make him look more matured than when the photo was taken.
His description at present is as follows : Born, 1859 ; age 37; height 5 feet, 11 1-2 inches ; weight, 170
pounds : medium dark complexion ; brownish gray eyes ; mark on top of nose near point, probably caused
by removal of pimple or mole ; indentions each side of nose made by wearing gold-rimmed glasses ; the
nose is rather pointed at end ; white even teeth ; full lips ; brown mustache, medium length ; slight build ;
small feet ; walks very erect ; near-sighted ; speaks with Austrian-German accent in soft tones. When last
seen wore black diagonal frock coat, black diagonal pants, light brown Derby hat, black lace shoes, red
dish gloves, white shirt, ivory stud, mixed red bow tie, standing color ; has all the dignity, carriage and
courteous manner of a gentleman and an army officer. Left this City Saturday afternoon, May 16, the
day after the murder.
The following-described five rings were stolen from the hands of the murdered woman and are now
in the possession of the murderer: No. 1, 3-4-karat diamond, very white; No. 2, 1-karat diamond, very
white ; No. 3, 1-2-karat diamond, pearl on each side about same size as diamond ; No. 4, 1-2-karat diamond
in center, imitation emerald on each side ; No. 5, three 1-2-karat diamonds in a row. All the above
described rings are small hoop bands with high claw settings.
If located, arrest and telegraph me and I Mill send for him at once. P. CROWLEY,
Chief of Police, San Francisco, Cal., United States of America.
San Francisco, Cal., May 15, 1896.
yesterday as saying that the blood spots
on Blanther's nightshirt, discovered by
the police on Sunday, were not blood
spots at all, but were acid stains. The
spots, he says, were near the lower hem of
the shirt. The fact is the blood spots re
ferred to are on the front near the collar,
and are newly made. His attention beine
called to this Mr. Dodge said : "Of coxirse
I have not seen the shirt since the murder,
and if it has any new markings since then
I do not know about them."
"I have seen a statement to the effect
that if Blanther was a bicycle rider he
might get away that way. He never rode
a bicycle. He was r.n expert horseman,
having been a hussar in the Austrian
army. He used to go out to a riding
school near the park, and there made the
acquaintance of a number of ladies. He
wa? disposed to be a great lady'3 man.
"He was uery well read generally and a
student of and believer in theosophy and
Buddhism. He attended the meetings of
the theosophical society on Tost street
recrularly, but I do not know that he made
any friends among them. He usually
acted quite distant toward them, but he
would talk to me on the subject by the
hour."
SAN JOSE, Cal., May 18.— Sheriff Lyn
don's force and the police of this city are
scouring the vicinity in search of Blanther.
the supposed murderer of Mrs. Langefeld.
As yet they have not learned anything
that would definitely indicate that Blan
ther is in this city.
A stableman in the employ of C. F.
Bunch, one of the trainers who has horses
at Agricultural Park, stated that he saw a
stranger bearing a startling resemblance
to the published pictures of Blanther sit
ting on a bench near the dance platform
this morning. The stranger wore specta
cles and physically tallied with the news
paper description.
A bartender employed in a saloon at the
corner of Bush and Alameda streets
said that a man whom he supposed was
Blanther came to the saloon Sunday, ac
companied by a woman about 40 years of
age. The couple stopped at the saloon
about an hour aud then went away.
The bartender's story also rests in a re
semblance to tlie newspaper pictures of
Bianther.
Two deputy sheriffs went to all the
lodging-houses in this city to-night, and
also searched every structure at Agricult
ural Park, but could find no trace of the
mysterious stranger who resembles Blan
ther.
Blanther Was Waiting Railroad
Passes Eastward for Himself
and DodRe.
Captain Lees' men are watching the
Fostoffice very closely, hoping that Blan
ther will call or send for his railroad
passes that were to arrive some time this
week.
Jilantber had planned to take Dodge
along East with him. Blanther was very
good and kind in his plannings.
"1 have sent East for two passes," he
told Dodge. "I am acquainted with
Chauncey Depew, and can draw upon him
for passes at any time. We are quite
friendly, Depew and myself. When we
eet to New York, George, I will look out
for you and see tliat you get a good posi
tion."
Ali this and much more Blanther told
Dodge, but Dodge himself would not re
veal it, because he had promised not to.
There are others, however, who knew of
these plans and were not under oath of
secrecy to the police.
Dodge really expected to go East with
Blanther— ana why not? Blanther was
very plausible. Everybody in this City
who met him was greatly deceived in him.
A friend of both Dodge and Blanther said
of the latter last evening:
"I could imagine him becoming a high
way robber or something daring and
wicked, Dut no one would ever dream that
he could be guilty of such a cruel and cow
ardly act as to butcher an old and defense
less lady."
It may be that Blanther really did ex
pect passes from the East and that he
will attempt to secure them through the
mail. If he does it is more than likely
that he will be captured, for Captain Lees'
men are missing no points now.
Mrs. Handley Retains Possession of
the Medals and Decorations
of the Austrian.
Mrs. Hundley claims to have retained
possession of the tin box and tne gold and
iron medals and family papers belonging
to Blanthei which it contained, and
which Captain Lees found and broke into
on Sunday morning. She will not now pre
sent it to public view. Sne says she has
locked it up. The satchel and dirty clothes
she also retained as her own until called
for.
Mrs. Handley, by the way, is the wife of
II. H. Handley, formerly on the detective
force of the City. She says she is monrn
iiig two weeks' rent which Blanther owes
her. "He was always such a difinified
gentleman," she says, "that I never
thoujiiit of bothering him. He paid one
week's rent. When he had run over his
time several days I left a note under his
<ioor. He spoke to me when he came down
that morning and said that he bad paid
the rent of his office the day before and
would pay me what was due on Saturdav.
"It was Saturday that he left me. \V hen
I saw him leave so early in the morning I
wondered what it meant and ran to his
room to see if his satchel was still there.
Then I noticed that the bed had not been
slept in and thought it very strange.
"I had never spoken to the man more
than to nod to him during the whole time
he stayed here. The whole affair is most
unfortunate for me."
The room occupied by Blanther in the
Handley house is a 3mall back room,
scarcely large enough to pet in and out of
comfortably. The bed is a single one.
Neat and comfortable enough, it is scarcely
the quarters one usually associates with
the idea of an Austrian Count.
Telltale Stains In a Wash-Basin
After Blanther Washed
Himself.
While there is still some police surveil
lance at Mrs. Hanley's home, 828 Geary
street, in a faint hope that Blanther, the
suspected murderer of Mrs. Langfeldt,
may return to his lodgings, the strict quar
antine on the domicile has been raised.
Mrs. Hanley is, exceedingly worked up
over her association with Blanther. The
iatter had been a roomer at her bouse for
many weeks and waa in arrears of two
weeks' rent.
Since Blanther's disappearance and the
almost certainty of his being the mur
derer of Mrs. Langfeldt, Mrs, Hanley's
lodgers are restless. There is no reason
why they should be. but as a matter of
fact one of them, Mr. Abbich, who has oc
cupied a room next to Blanther's, will no
longer occupy it.
Mrs. Hanley, so far as is known, is the
last person to have seen Blanther on the
night of the killing of Mrs. Langfeldt.
"It was shortly alter 11 o'clock," she
stated, "I noticed the door of Mr.
Blanther's room was slightly ajar. The
light from the gas uiside streamed across
the carpet of the corridor. As I walked
toward the room Mr. Blanther stepped
out and immediately stepped into the
bathroom. 1 did not see him after that."
Mr. Lynch, however, a boarder in the
house, entered the bathroom immediately
after Mr. Blanther left it and he claims
that the water which was running from
the basin in the washstand was heavilv
colored as if a bloody rag or hands had
been washed there.
Saturday morning Mrs. Hanley entered
Blanther's room and noticed that the bed
had not been occupied. The coverlet had
been turned down the evening before, as
was the custom and it remained so when
Reproduced from a photograph found by Captain Lees in the (in box in the suspect's
room.]
the room was entered in the morning. No
one in the house heard Blanther leave his
room nor 19 it known exactly when he left
the house.
Blanther Made an Appeal to
Editor Greenblatt of the
Demokrat.
Editor Greenblatt of the German Demo
krat met Blanther on two occasions.
About three weeks ago Blanther called at
the editorial-rooms of the Demokrat, in
quiring for work. He was of good ad
dress, spoke the German lancruage as if he
might also write it well, but Mr. Green
blatt could make no place for him.
"Shortly after that," said ihe editor yes
terday, "Blanther called on me again.
This time he was accompanied by Theo
dore Vogt, the organist, who lives in Ala
meda. Mr. Vogt i 8 an old acquaintance
and friend. He told me that Blanther had
come to him with a very strong letter of
recommendation from a mutual friend,
that the young man was in every way
worthy of consideration. To Mr, Vogt "I
gave the same answer I had already given
Blanther, that my editorial staff had no
vacancies at present. However, I added,
if I could no anything for him within a
few weeks I would do it cheerfully. 'Can
you wait that length of time?' I asked
Blanther, trying to learn whether his
financial condition would keep him going
until I could do something for him.
" 'Oh, yes! 1 ne exclaimed, '1 will wait.'
His answer was given without hesitation,
and I was given the impression that the
young man had some means."
Blanther never returned to the Demo
krat and the employes of that paper did
not know of the serious accusation resting
against him until they saw his photograph
m yesterday's issue of The Call.
lneoaore Vogt, the organist, who lives
at 1823 Alameda avenue, Alameda, and
who is said to have known Blanther and
to have introduced him to Editor Green
blntt of the Demokrat, was seen at his
nome last evening.
He has no recollection of Blanther, at
least under that name. He remembers
♦ *} nc JJ y havincr presented a young man
to Mr. Greenblatt, hoping to get him some
employment, but ri. Guttman, and not
Blanther, was the man.
Guttman, says Mr. Vogt, arrived in Ala
meda some weeks ago with a letter of rec-
ommendation from a friend in Mexico.
Guttman claimed to have worked on the
New York Staats Zeitung. Mr. Vogt be
lieves that a mistake has Deen made, and
that Blanther and Guttman are two dis
tinct persons.
Blanther's semblance of being easy
financially is not strange to those who
know him. He was very high spirited,
and frequently went a day or more with
out food rather than appeal to his ac
quaintances for assistance.
Said to Have Been a Regular At-
tendant at All the Local
Meetings.
J. E. Blanther, the erstwhile friend of
the murdered Mrs. Philippina Langfeldt,
was a student of, if not an actual graduate
in theosophical ideas and principles.
For three months he had been a regular
attendant of the meetings of the two
societies which represent theosophy in
San Francisco, but his coming and going
were so thoroughly unobtrusive as not to
have warranted comment within the pre
scribed circle but for the tragedy of last
Fridy night, with which Blant'her'g name
is now so unpleasantly associated.
At the meetings Blanther was generallv
among the unobserved, but he made his
presence felt by addressing to the presi
dent, on the little slips of paper prepared
for that purpose, the most complex and in
some instances mvstifying questions. Per
sonally, however.'Blanther was known to
but few of the members.
George Dodge attended several theoso
phical lectures with Blanther, and on the
afternoon preeeeding the murder Friday
nicht the two held a long controversy over
the matter.
"Blanther came into my office Friday
afternoon about 4 o'clock," said Dodge
last night, "and for two hours he talked
nothing but theosophy. 1 have attended
at least three of the meetings with him,
and he appeared to take a deep interest in
the subject. I do not think, however,
that he was a regular member of the
society.
"For some nionths past Blanther has
taken great interest in hypnotism, and
claimed to be able to hypnotize himself.
Just what skill he possessed in that direc
tion I do not know, though. He read
everything within reach relating in anv
way to the matter. One of Blanther's
particular hobbies was Buddhism. He
claimed that to be the truly ideal re
ligion."
Mrs. Thirds, secretary of the Olcott
faction of the Theosophical Society, says
she never heard of Blanther until ne was
mentioned as the probable murderer of
Mrs. Langfeldt. The suspected man may
have attended the meetings at Beethoven
Hall, but of tnat Mrs. Thirds has no
knowledge.
The Honors Showered on Blanther
by Two Crowned
Heads.
That Joseph Blanther was no every-day
kind of a man, and showing his eligibility
to a good-size dot in exchange for his
aristocratic acquirements, was fully
demonstrated when Captain Lees and his
men went through the youiie man's effects
found in his room at 828 Geary street.
A beautifully colored red plush book ot
artistic merit, printed in German, proved
to be his letters patent of nobility. The
frontispiece represented the Austrian credit
and with the imperial seal of Austria and
the signature of Franz Joseph the First
completed the volume.
Following is a translation of the docu
ment:
We, Franz Joseph the First, by the grace of
God Emperor of Austria, Apostolic King of
Hungary, King of Bohemia, Slavonia, Golivia,
Croatia, Lodomaria, Archduke of Austria,
Grand Duke of Cracow, Duke of Lorraine,
Salzburg, Steier, Kaeruthen, Krain, Bukewina,
Upper and Nether Silesia, Grand Prince of
Siebenbuergen, Resident Court of Moravia.
Prince Court of Hapsburg and Tyrol.
Have with our Imperial resolved December
12. 1878, distinguished our dear and faithful
Joseph Blanther, born in the year 1859 at
Padkerburg in Steirmart, first lieutenant ot
the infantry regiment Archduke Lud wig Vic
tor, No. 65, ho'der of the war medal, Knight of
the Italian Royal Crown Order 3d, class by the
decoration with the Order of the Iron Crown,
Erd class.
And as now the same, according to the
statutes of this our Knights order, has peti
tioued to be elevated to knighthood, we have,
in our imperial and royal power, decided to
eudow him and his legitimate descendants
with tile knighthood and to permit Joseph
Knight de Blanther, as well as bis legitimate
descendants, to enjoy the rights granted by
the laws of the knighthood, and especially to
use the coat of arms hereafter described:
A blue-and-gold shield, divided length
ways, in i in- right tield a tower witli
double parapets built of square stone
blocks upon a rock gray-colored rising
from the base, endowed with a window
at top further with atrate with two portholes,
in the deft tield a gold star (here follows design
of it), on the heao margin of the shield vest
two turncy helmets crowned, from which
depend blue and gold tapestries from the
crown, on the right spring an upright gold
lion with red tongue, swinging a sword with
gold handle, the left crown carried an eagle
wing, with blue star in front, behind in gold.
In verification of which we have signed this
diploma with our own imperial hand and had
the seal of our Imperial Majesty attached.
Done and delivered through our dear and
loyal Actual Private Counselor, Chamberlain
and Minister, President entrusted with the
charge of our Ministry for the Interior, Count
Ed ward Taatle, Knight of the Golden Fleece,
of the grand cross of our imperial Austrian
Leopold order, grand cross of the sovereign
order of St. John. In our realm, capital and
residence, city of Vienna, the eighteenth of
April, 1883.
Signature. The Minister President. (Signed)
Count Edward Taaffe, according to his Im
perial and Royal Apostolic Majesty's own com
mand. Franz Knight van Schroether, His Im
perial Royul Ministerial Counselor.
Other bits of paper, documents and let
ters, all in German, when translated read
as follows:
Leave of absence for six months to Joseph
Knight von Blunther: pay for time denied.
Dated Saragevo, July 17, 1884.
Summons to the Consular court at Bangkok
in a case of libel. Dei. Gustav Eichoff. Plffs.
Captain Gustav Bchan, Captain Ike Lasten-
Bkiold. Major T. Knight of Blanther.
Another summons for one Emil Trinkhaus,
mail clerk, in the same complaint.
Invitation card addressed to Major A. von
Blanther. written in Siamese and hence not
translnted.
Notification of Josef Blanther having been
decorated by the Emperor with the Order of
the Iron Crown, third class.
His Majesty Umberto I, King of Italy, grand
master of the Order of the Crown of Italy, has
signed the following decree: ''Of oiir own will,
and in testimony of our esteem and good will,
we have nominated and do nominate Blan
ther, Joseph, sub-lieutenant in Infantry Regi
ment No. 32 of the Au.stro-Hungarian Rrmy. a
knight in the Order of the Crown of Italy,
with right to carry the insignia of that
knightly grade estab:i*hed."
The chancellor of the order is charged with
the execution of this decree, whicn is to be
registered in the chancellory of the same order.
Given in Rome the 30th of November, 1881.
Singed Umberto, countersigned C. Correnty.
The chancellor order of the Crown of Italy
states that in obedience to the above honored
royal disposition, the aforesaid Mr. Joseph
Blanther on the roll of knights No. 1832, and
the document present has been sent to him.
Rome, November 28, 1881.
The Chancellor of the order,
C. Correnti. Chief of Personal,
G. Gkuma.
Captain Lees values highly the gold and
other medals found by the detectives in
Joseph Blanther's room.
• "It is not likely that Blanther will ever
come back to ask for them," a visitor
suggested.
- "Don't be too sure of that," replied the
captain. "That man valued those medals
and his papers of nobility more than he
did his life. While he was going without
food — starving, in fact — he had those
valuable gold medals in his possession and
would not part with them. If anything
besides the police could bring Blanther
back it would be these cherished relics."
Adolph Rapp has applied for letters of
administration upon Mrs. Langfeldt's
estate. In bia petition he sets forth that
she has $1700 on deposit in the German
Savinps Bank and owns jewelery valued
at ?10U. Her heirs are Caroline Lurch,
living in Germany, and Caroline Rapp and
the three children of H. Dubberuell, de
ceased, living in this City.
Beautiul and Impressive Cere
mony at the Hebrew
Temples.
Well-Rendered Music Together With
Elaborate and Artistic Floral
Decorations.
The Feast of Weeks (Shevuoth) of the
Jewish church was fittingly, and with
beautiful and impressive services, observed
in the synagogues throughout the City
yesterday.
Temple Emanu-EI, on Sutler street, was
crowded with people. The 'interior was
beautifully decorated with lilies, roses,
palms and smilax. The choir was especially
augmented, and besides the organ were
added stringed instuments. The musical
numbers were prepared and arranged by
Cantor Stark.
The service opened with the hymn the
"One Hundredth Psalm," sung by the
choir. The regular ritual followed, the
principal features of the numbers being
the Kedushoo (santincation), composed by
Cantor Stark, after which the processional
was rendered by the organ. The conlirm
ants were led into the temple by President
A. Ansbacher and V ice-President R. Peix
otto. After the processional followed the
En-Komocho and Adonoi. The reading of
the scripture then took place. Before the
confimation exercises the confirmation
hvmn was sung by the choir with 'cello
obligate.
At the conclusion of the exercises Rev.
Dr. Voor3aneer addressed the children.
The concluding hymn, "Rejoice in God,"
was arranged bv Cautur Stark and sung by
the choir with 'cello obligato.
Before Dr. Voorsanger addressed the
children Mr. Louis Van der Mehden, the
'cellist, played a solo with organ accom
paniment, this occurring during the
moment of silent devotion.
The hymn, "Rejoice in God," was a very
elaborate composition in which the
soprano, Miss Daisy Co!;n; tenor, A. Mes
ner, and barytone, Cantor Stark sang
solos.
The splendid style and execution of the
choir showed the careful rehearsing and
training given by the cantor. The hymn,
"Adonoi, was one of the musical com
positions adapted by the cantor from the
ancient Hebrew melodies to the modern
musical ear. There were twenty-five con
tinuants in all.
At Sherith Israel the music was ex
tremely well rendered. The choir, consist
ing of Miss F.'ynn and Miss McCloskfiy
and Messrs. CotRn and Mills, was under
the direction of Professor Stewart.
The church was elaborately decorated
with flowers, lilies and evergreens.
As an introductory hymn the choir
sane, "Hear When I Call," introductory
by L. C. Harris. The opening prayer was
delivered by Maud Fisher and "Declara
tion of Faith" by Gerald Mish; the vale
dictory by Delia Samuel and the closing
prayer by Albert Posener. The other con
lirmants were Philip Levinson, Julian
"Wolfron, A. Attell, Melville Cohen and
Morton Hart.
Beth Israel could not hold all that
would listen to its services and many
were turned away. The church was
charmingly decorated with flowers, a con
tinuous arch of green from the entrance
to the pulpit being the chief feature. The
following is the programme:
"Processional March," Professor H. Brothe
rick; "Confirmation Ode," choir and class-
Scripture reading, Rev. M. S. Levy ; quartet'
"Praise the Lord" (Randegger); opening
prayer, Mabel Benjamin; ten commandments,
Albert Ziemer: confirmation address, Sarah
Wacholder; address to congregation, Alex \x
elrod; "Thirteen Creeds," Ruth Levy; "Israel's
Future," Kddie Gensler; soprano, solo and
C v C - u .?'»,ri Whe ; Thou Com est" (Rossini);
••taith," Victor Nathan; class motto, U. Jacobs;
Hope, Clara Meyer; Conscience, Ike Gronoeky ■
Charity, Ella Luvene; tenor solo and chorus'
"Holy, Holy (Gounod) ; "Our Country," Harrv
Buehman; religious declaration, Clara Burk
heim; address after declaration, Naomi Levy
presentation address, Harry Hunter- presi
dent's reply; offering prayer, Liliie
Fulda; address to teacher, Louis Levy
a. ( L prf ?. n ,°. I s0 ,'° and ch ° r us. "I Will Extol
Thee" (Haydn); "Orphan's Prayer," Joe Sim
mons; address to parents, Cora Levin; oncan
voluntary Professor H. Brotherick; address to
class, Pau.ine Morris; prayer to; the Omniopo
tent, Beckie Caro; award of diplomas- clo^inc
prayer, Harry Harris; En kolon Ha Noo;
Olenu and-kadish; benediction.
The programme at the Bush-street tem
ple embodied many new features. It was
one of the most beautiful services of the
kind ever held in the tempi- The
interior was profusely decorated with flow
ers, and the music was especially tine.
The following is the programme:
Opening prayer and floral offering, Meta
Herman; music, choir; profession of faith,
Sadie Meyer; prayer after profession. Milton
Blackman; violin solo, -Largo" (Hnnde!), Miss
Belle Rosemhal; child's sermon, Doretta
Cohn;confirmanfgaddress to oarents, Leopold
Oppenheuner ; a word on prayer, Minnie Israel ;
flute solo, C. Rosenthal; examination, class;
'Declaration of Faith," Annie Pechner; "Our
Rations History," Joseph Devalde; solo and
c JI°_ r u*-, with violin obliuato, Grainer;
Thoughts on Immortality," M. Stern; "Admo
nition to Confirmants," Rabbi Fryer; "Thanks
to Minister, School Board and Teachers," Lil
lian btein; "Israel's Mission," Herbert Kramer;
valedictory, Miriam Koscnthal; closing
prayer, Sprindse Katz; dismissal to parents,
Kabbi fryer; music, choir. Mrs. Eva Ten ny,
soprano; Mre. J. \\. Madden, alto; D. M. Law
rence, tenor; Charles Parent, basxo: Miss
Beile Rosenthal, violin accompanist; C.
Rosenthal, flute; F. Dellepiane, organist and
musical director; D. Meyerson, cantor; Julius
.Fryer, rabbi.