VOLUME LXXIX.— NO. 58.
GENERAL GARCIA IS EN ROUTE TO CUBA.
The Veteran Leader Will
Command an Army
of Patriots.
EVADES THE SPANIARDS.
He Leaves for the Island at
the Head of a Formidable
Expedition.
ARMS, AMMUNITION AND MEN.
An Invaluable Addition to the Re
sources of the Struggling
Insurgents.
PHILADELPHIA, Pa., Jan. 26.-A
tnorning paper says to-day: General Cal
ixto Garcia, the most distinguished Cuban
general now outside of Cuba, has escaped
the watchful eyes of Spanish agents and
Bailed from this port last Thursday, it is
said, on the fruit steamer Bernard, bound
for Cuba.
General Garcia goes to Cuba at the head
of the most formidable expedition that has
ever left this country, of which he will
take command on the high seas, where he
■will meet another fruit steamer, the Jasof,
with over 300 men on board and a large
quantity of arms and ammunition.
From those familiar with General Gar
cia's plans it was learned that the expedi
tion will make for some port near the
boundary line of the province of Pinar del
Rio and the province of Havana. General
Gomez is thoroughly informed of all the
plans for the expedition, and at the point
agreed upon for the landing of the expedi
tion he will have a strong body of troops.
Owing to his great popularity in that
district, it is expected that General Garcia
will at once place himself at the head of
a strong body of men in the province of
Pina del Rio.
Among Cubans in this country great
hope is placed in this expedition. One of
the drawbacks of the Cuban cause has
been the lack of commanders who com
bine both bravery and military sagacity.
Should any misfortune befall either Gen
eral Maximo Gomez or Generals Jose or
Antonio Maceo, the Cubans' cause would,
be in a rather embarrassing position.
General Garcia, however, is fully com
petent to take any of the generals' places
at a moment's notice, and when news of j
the successful landing of his expedition I
reaches this country, there will be rejoic- |
ing among the Cubans.
CAPTURE A TRAIX.
Rebels Destroy the Coaches After Alloxe-
ing the Passengers to Depart.
HAVANA, Cuba, Jan. 26.— insur
gents, despite the Government assertions
to the contrary, appear to be doing just
about as they please in the neighborhood
of Havana.
This afternoon a band of rebels stopped
a train that was running between Guanajay
and this city. They ordered the passen
gers, who were in a state bordering on
panic, to leave the train, which order was
obeyed with alacrity.
The passengers feared they would be
maltreated by the insurgents, but their
fears were groundless, as the rebel leader
courteously informed them that they
would not be harmed, nor would their per
sonal effects be molested. They would,
however, have to pursue their journey on
foot, as it was their intention to destroy
the train.
The commander then gave orders for the
torch to be applied to the cars, and soon
nothing was left except the iron work. The
train was captured about a mile from San
Antonio, to which place the passengers
walked and informed the authorities of
what had occurred.
Troops were immediately dispatched to
the scene, but when they arrived the
rebels had disappeared. The train did not
have one of the armored cars which are
used. on the railroads for the conveyance
of troops to guard the passengers and the
railway company's property.
A car for this purpose is being built on
the Havana and Guanajay line and as
6oon as it is finished, which will be
shortly, it will be placed in service. Pass
engers on the line will then be able to
travel in security, unless the insurgents
take to removing rails, loosening fish
plates or adopting some other method to
wreck the trains.
It is, however, not believed that they
■Kill do this, as their efforts are not directed
toward harming passengers on the rail
wrys. but to destroying railroad property
when it can be done without risk to pas
sengers.
♦
MINOR ENGAGEMENTS.
i
General Munoz Encounters the Rands of
Rabi and Rios.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 26.—Min
ister Dupuy de Lome to-day received tele
grams from Havana giving . accounts of
several engagements between the Spanish
troops and insureents, all but one of which
are of minor importance. In that case
General Gonzales Munoz encountered the
bands of Francisco Rabi and Rios in the
Mula Pass and succeeded in putting them
to flight. The casualties were not given.
It is explained that the importance and
significance of this encounter lies in the
fact tnat whereas Rabi and Rios were re
ported to be approaching Havana to re
enforce Gomez, they were encountered by
Munoz in the most easterly portion of the
island, several hundred miles distant from
Havana. .
Spain's Expensive Struggle.
LONDON. Exo., Jan. 26.— The Standard
will to-morrow publish a dispatch from
Madrid saying - "that • the • Bank has ad
vanced another 50,000,000 pesetas to the
Cuban treasury.
JOHN TYLER GONE.
A Son of the President Dies After a Long
Illness.
WASHINGTON, D. C. Jan. 26.-John
Tyner, the son of President John Tyler,
died m this city this morning at a very
The San Francisco Call.
advanced age and after an illness that has
lasted for several months. -/l/.T
lor the last twenty years Mr. Tyler has
been a resident of this city, and was for a
time on the rolls of the Treasury Depart
ment, but a partial paralysis had prevent
ed him from engaging in the active duties
of his office. He was well known not only
here but in many other parts of the coun
try, aud at one period in his career was
one of the best-known men in the social
circles of the capital.
POISON IN HIS COFFEE.
Attempt of a Woman to End Her Husband's
Life Foiled by a Servant
Girl.
ERIE, Pa., Jan. 26.— A sensation oc-
c urred this afternoon at Girard.this county,
when Mary H. Nellis was arrested for
I poisoning with intent to kill her husband,
Peter 11. Nellis, proprietor of the Nellis
; House, and Edward Gardner was arrested
as an accomplice. The prisoners were
brought here to-night and lodged in jail.
Nellis is wealthy and his wife is a hand-
some woman. Last summer Mrs. Nellis
spent some time at Lilydale and brought
home with her for a bartender Edward
Gardner, whom she had met at the spirit
ualistic resort. Nellis carried a $10,000
policy on his life in favor of his wife. Sev
eral weeks ago he was taken sick. He has
since been in declining health, and his
brother-in-law, Dr. Rogers, of Connaught,
Ohio, became suspicious and set Maggie
Hulbrook, a dining-room girl, to keep
watch on events in the hotel.
Saturday at noon Nellis got a dose of
j tartar emetic in his coffee. Saturday
night tne girl caught and saved another
i dose which Nellis was to have taken.
j Nellis got another dose to-day, but was re
j lieved with a stomach-pump. The arrests
i followed and created great excitement.
1 The feeling was so strong in Girard against
j Gardner that only his timely removal by
! the officers saved him from probable
j lynching. 7Y: -
MASSACRED BY YAQUIS.
Redskins Slay a Rancher, His Family and
Two Cowboys in the Ures
Valley.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., Jan. 26.— A special
from Ures, Mex., says: The Yaa_ui Indians
have made another raid upon the settlers
in the valley west of here. On one ranch
an entire fami'y, consisting of husband
and wife and two children, was massacred,
and at another place in the same locality
the Indians killed two cowboys who at-
tempted to prevent the reds driving off a
herd of cattle. £?/';■ •'■'?]/•/'■
There is a large force of Federal troops
in the field against the marauders.
TO TAX CHURCH PROPERTY.
A Halt That Aft Roman Catholics "will
Watch With Interest.
CINCINNATI, Ohio, Jan. 26.— A legal
fight which, will attract the attention of
Roman Catholics the world over will be
instituted this week. Attorneys Stephens,
Lincoln and Smith, who represent this
diocese, have been notified to appear be
fore the County Auditor to hear an appli
cation, made upon behalf of some person
whose identity is not at present estab
lished, for the placing on the tax duplicate
of all the property in this county owned
by the Roman Catholic Church and not
used as a place of worship. Auditor
Hagerty will refuse, as he did privately
some time ago, and a suit in mandamus
will be filed against him in the Supreme
Court. ■••'Tp-T'P/-
The property in question is valued at
$1,000,000, and an effort will be made to
bave it charged for the last six years on ah
increased valuation of $6,000,000. The con
tract for doing this work was signed late
Friday afternoon.
HUNTINGTON'S MEN BUSY
Southern Pacific Preparing to
Fight the Repealing Bill
in Kentucky.
The Measure Is Certain to Pass the
Senate, but May Run Aground
in the House.
FRANKFORT, Ky.. Jan. 26.— Senator
Goebel's bill repealing the charter of the
Southern Pacific Company has not yet
been returned in printed form, but will
probably be to-morrow, when it will be re
ferred to the Committee on Railroads, of
which Senator Goebel is himself a member.
The bill is likely to be advanced rapidly,
and may be put upon its passage in the
Senate early next week.
It is said the road will make a strong
fight to defeat the repealing measure, but
indications are that it will pass the Senate
easily. The difficulty it is most likely to
encounter is in being run aground in the
House on account of overshadowing politi
cal complications in that branch.
DIES IN A POORHOUSE.
Benjamin Folger, Once the Beau Brummel
of Memphis Society, Passes Away
in Poverty.
CHICAGO. 111., Jan. 26.— A special from
Memphis, Term., says: Benjamin Folger,
a nephew of the late Charles Folger, who
was Secretary of the Treasury under Ar
thur's administration, died in the poor
house here yesterday, aged 60 years.
Ben Folger, as he was familiarly known,
was at one time one of the most promi
nent bankers and financiers in the coun
try, but he took to speculating a few years
ago and his fortune speedily disappeared.
He went from bad to worse until he finally
landed in the poorhouse. Ten years or
more ago he was recoenized as he Beau
Brummel of Memphis society, and was the
king in all social affairs.
INVEST IN COFFEE LAND.
British Gold Sent Into the Isthmus of
Tehuantepec.
BT. LOUIS, Mo., Jan 26.— A special
from the City of Mexico says : The repre
sentative of a syndicate of English capital
ists has just purchased 500,000 acres of
coffee land on the isthmus of Tehuantepec.
The tract will be planted in coffee trees.
American capitalists have invested several
hundred thousand dollars in the coffee
lands on the isthmus within the past few
months.
SAN FRANCISCO, MONDAY; MORNING, JANUARY 27, 1896.
COLLIS PELICAN HUNTINGTON EXPECTS TO CATCH SOME FISH.
HON. THEODORE
RUNYON DEAD
Heart Failure Removes the
American Embassador
at Berlin.
SHOCK TO HIS FRIENDS.
Though He Had Been in Feeble
Health the End Comes
Unexpectedly.
AT HIS POST TO THE LAST.
Active in the Discharge of His Duties
Up to the Time of His
Demise.
BERLIN, Germany, Jan. 27.— The Hon.
Theodore Runyon, the American Embas
sador here, died of heart failure at 1 o'clock
this morning.
Mr. Runyon had been in somewhat
The Late Don. Theodore Runyon, America's Embassador to Germany.
;•' [From a recent photograph.]
feeble health for some time past, but no
immediate fatal results were anticipated.
No longer ago than last Tuesday evening
he was present at a dinner given in his
honor by ex-Empress Frederick, mother
of Emperor William.
Last summer Mr. Runyon had planned
to make an extended trip through Nor
way, but on the advice of his physician he
abandoned this trip and instead went to
Carlsbad, where he took ' the cure. He
subsequently went to Axenstein, Switzer
land, for the purpose of " taking -an after
cure. '7*;i7'7> ...■ ■ -..-.
Since that time, however, he has mani
fested great activity in the' discharge of
the duties of his olfice, which have been
more than ;. usually onerous on account of
the complications :in European ■ affairs,
which have more or less demanded the
attention and care of the diplomatic repre
sentatives of ail nations. v . 7
Embassador Runyon's death will- come
as a great shock to official- and social cir
cles here in Berlin, where he was a great
favorite. . . . -
The Hon. Theodore Runyon was born'
at Somerville, N. J., October 25, 1822. He
graduated from Yale Colege in 1842 and in
1844 was admitted to the ' bar. In 1853 he
was made city attorney and in 1856 city
counselor of Newark, N. J., a position '■ re
tained until 1864, when he became Mayor
of the city.
He was appointed in ,1856 a commis
sioner to revise and codify the militia laws
of New Jersey, and in 1857 was made brig
adier-general and subsequently major
general of the New Jersey National Guard.
At the outbreak of the Civil War he was
placed in command of the New Jersjy
brigade of volunteers. '» . "
In 1865 he was Democratic candidate for
Governor of his State,. but was not elected.
From ,1873 to 1887. he was Chancellor of
New Jersey. In March, 1503, he was ap
pointed by President Cleveland American
Minister to Germany, shortly 'after
ward was made Embassador. The degree
of LL.D. was conferred upon him by Yale,
Rutgers and Wesleyan Colleges. "•'
CLE VET. AMI) AH VISED.
yews of Runyon's Heath Causes Surprise
at Washington. . .
WASHINGTON, D.-C.,- Jan. 26.—
sudden death in Berlin of the American
Embassador, Theodore F. ; Runyon, to
night was communicated to, the President
by the United Press. Beyond | that infor
mation the Government had not been ; ad
vised of the startling news.
Its occurrence at so late an hour to
night, of course, prevented the possibility
of anything like general circulation.
• It is certain that the President and the
State Department will have official notice
before the hour for beginning of business
to-morrow, when whatever action that
necessarily should be taken will be
promptly attended to.
Expired in His Pulpit.
MEMPHIS, Term., . Jan. 26.— Rev. T. B.
Hargrove, pastor of the Methodist Church
at Cold Water, Miss., dropped dead in his
pulpit this morning while exhorting the
congregation to "believe in the Lord Jesus
and be saved." •. These were nis last words.
Brunot's Work Is Hone.
;. BORDEAUX, France, Jan., 26.— Pierre
Gustave Brunot, the distinguished French
litterateur, is dead.! He was . born" in I this
city • November 18, 1807. His works are
very numerous. ,> •'.'<■
Evangelist Moody's Mother Dies.
7 NORTHFIELD, Mass., ;-. Jan. 26.— Mrs
Betsy Moody .mother of Evangelist Moody,
died to-day from -'an" 4 , attack of the eripp6.
Mrs. Moody was in her ninety-first year. : -
HAULED INTO
DEEPER WATER.
The St. Paul Dragged From
Its Cradle in the
Sand.
CHECKED BY THE TIDE.
Considerable • Progress Is Made
Before the Ebb Stops'-:
the Work.
EFFECTING ITS OWN RESCUE.
The Greyhound Draws Itself Seaward
by Means of Hawsers Attached
to Anchors.
LONG BRANCH, N. J., Jan. 26.—
thousand visitors from the numerous re
sorts north and south of this place, as well
as from New York, Philadelphia and the
larger New Jersey towns, flocked here to
day and repaired to the beach to watch
the efforts made to pull the steamer St.
Paul, the famous ocean greyhound, over
the bar -into deep water. The ship was
moved 170 feet seaward, but the flood tide
was not of sufficient duration to enable
the crews of the steamer and the wrecking
companies to haul her into water deep
enough to float her. There were fifty pow
erful tugs opposite the St. Paul ready to
render assistance, but they were not
utilized.
Six immense anchors were planted in
the sea about a thousand yards from the
stranded vessel. Fastened to the anchors
were several steel hawsers, which were
connected with the powerful capstan on
the -,' stern of the ship. This capstan was
rotated by steam power furnished by the
steamer's boilers and engines. Everything
was in readiness for the haul and soon
after midnight the engines were started.
The hawsers ' tightened, the capstan
creaked, and inch by inch the big ship
was pulled seaward. When the tide
turned to ', the ebb the boat had been
moved nearly one-third of her length and
placed in a more advantageous position,
as at low tide she was only six feet in the
sand and in eleven ! feet of water. The
strain on the hawsers. was kept up moder
ately during the day in order to keep the
ship from again moving toward the beach.
No attempt was made to float her while
the afternoon tide was at the flood.
Those in . charge predict that to-mor
row's high tides will be higher than that
of ; to-day, and- with favorable conditions
they, expect to complete the work begun
so auspiciously last night. The sea was
almost as- quiet to-day as the proverbial
mill | pond. This state of affairs caused
the life-saving crews to remove from the
ship the line thrown to her when strand
ed, which - was ' used ; , to run the breeches
buoy to and from the liner.
Messrs. Clement A. Griscom, senior and
junior, of Philadelphia, president .and
manager, respectively, of the Interna
tional ': Navigation Company; "William
Cramp, a member of the firm that built
the St. Paul; Marine Superintendent
Shockford and other high * officials of the
American line visited the unlucky ship
and spent hours in consultation with Cap
tain Jamison and his 'staff. 7 They gave
out no ] official ■■ statement for publication,
but the petty • officers strongly deny that
the St. Paul - was engaged iln a race with
the Campania prior to the accident. This
story is not generally believed, as Captain
James Mulligan of life station No. 4, who
was - the first ] to 7 board . the ship in the
breeches buoy on Saturday morning,
states that 'the first question • put to him
by "the passengers when he stepped foot on
the deck was, "Where ■is the Campania?"
' All the passengers of the ' St. Paul , were
taken to I New York in tugs late yesterday
afternoon, but the entire crew, numbering
400, including 7 many women, remain ■_ on
THE SAN JOSE LOCAL WRECKED NEAR BADEN
board, and have not come ashore since the
St. Paul struck. , ? .
* The steamer carried a cargo of fruits,
nuts, gold and general merchandise.
Early this morning the ligbter John Hag
gerty was floated to the shoreward side of
the vessel, and the crew of the latter, as
sisted by the wreckers, transferred hun
dreds of tons of tbe cargo from the steam
er's side to the lighter. The baggage and
perishable goods were first moved. These
were taken to New* York. The large
amount of the precious metal was not dis
turbed, but remains in a strong box on
board the steamer in charge of a^guard of
picked men. ; ' *
The officers of the St. Paul deny the re
port that the vessel was injured when she
struck. They say there is no water in her
hold and her plates are just as intact as
th« day she was launched. .
One of tne novel features of the day was
the rigging of a telephone on board the
boat to connect with the shore. The
shore end is connected with the local tele
phone system, and by this means the
ship* s officers are able to communicate
with their agents in the city.
The scene on Ocean avenue in front of
tho beached steamer resembled a county
fair; improvised lunch rooms, cigar stands
and traveling "speakeasies" furnished
food and drink to the multitude.
On the portico of one of the big summer
hotels, now closed, was a large sign read
ing: "Seats to Let," and the enterprising
man in charge reaped a harvest of shekels.
The local railroad from Asbury Park to
Long Branch carried thousands of passen
gers. Farmers from a distance of twenty
miles drove to the scene of the accident,
and mingled with the fashionably dressed
visitors from the city. ".>•';'
At 9 o'clock to-night Custom-house Of
ficer Patterson telephoned from the St.
Paul that a determined effort would be
made at 5 a. m. to-morrow to pull the ship
from her cradle in the sand. Mr. Patter
son said the attempt would doubtless be a
failure, unless a wind from the east was
blowing that would make the tide extra
high. |
REPLACED BY THE ST. Z.OUIS.
The Sister Ship to Make the Rxtn for the
Stranded Greyhound.
PHILADELPHIA, Pa., Jan. 26.—
■St. Louis, sister ship of the St. Paul, will
leave Cramp's shipyard at 7 o'clock to
morrow for New York and will take the
St. Paul's place for the present on the
American line.
| The St. Louis came here Tuesday night
to have her smokestacks enlarged.
Considerable progress had been made in
the work necessary to remove the stacks
when orders were received early Saturday
morning to stop the work of alterations,
followed by directions to put the vessel in
condition for sea at once. By keeping
large forces of men at work Saturday, and
Saturday night j the * partly , dismantled
stacks were ; put in proper shape by this
morning and what remained to be done to
put the vessel in order - for ' sea was ac
complished during the day.
WRECKED OFF SEABRIGHT.
The British Ship Foyte Crashes Onto the
Rocks and Fills.
NEW YORK. N. V., Jan. 26.— The
British ship Foyle of London, from Cal
cutta September 23 for New York with a
general cargo, lies aground in the Horse
shoe, directly off the old railroad dock at
Sandy Hook. She has about six feet of
water in the hold. She struck upon the
Shrewsbury rocks off Seabright about 9
o'clock last night, but finally floated off
and was towed in by the Merritt Coast
Wrecking Company's steamer and beached
in the Horseshoe.
The crew had • been at the pumps for
fifteen days. The wreckers will take out
some of the cargo and pump her out.
ABYSSINIANS ARE ACTIVE
King Menelik's Force Meditating
an Invasion of the Tigre
Country.
Humbert Signs a Decree Declaring
Erythrea to Be in a State
of War. v
ROME, Italy, Jan. 26.— A dispatch
from Massowah says that a 7 messenger
has arrived at the camp of General Bara
tieri, the commander of the Italian forces,
bringing letters from Menelik, King of
the Abyssinians, jto King Humbert and
General Baratieri.
Colonel Galliano, commander of the
Italian forces recently compelled to evac
uate . the town of Makelle, after a long
siege by the Abyssinians, has not yet ar
rived at General Baratieri's camp. It is
reported that \ Colonel Galliano exploded
the magazine and blew up the fortress at
Makelle upon leaving the town.
It is reported that the Abyssinian chiefs
are angry at the release of the garrison by
King Menelik, as they believe they would
have eventually forced the Italians to sur
render unconditionally. It is said that
the Abyssinian array is disposed to march
on in the State of Tigre.
King Humbert, signed a decree this
morning declaring the province of Erythrea
to be in a state of war. . It is not expected
that a peace can be arranged with King
Menelik without giving him battle. The
dispatch to Massowah ; of reinforcements,
munitions, cannons and shells continues.
CURRIE COLDLY RECEIVED.
Abdul Hamid Keeps the Bearer of Vic
toria's Letter. Waiting in a Room
Not Heated.
LONDON, Eng., Jan. 26.— The Daily
News will to-morrow publish a dispatch
from its Constantinople correspondent
stating that the interview had with 'the
Sultan by Sir Philip Currie, the British
Embassador, when -he delivered "to his
Majesty the letters written by Queen
j Victoria, was not cordial. -
7 The' Sultan kept Sir Philip and his
dragoman waiting in a cold ; room for an
hour ; before ; they ■„' were admitted to his
presence. Sir Philip caught a severe cold
and has been confined to his room ' ever
since. '-.■; .' :
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
Hurled From the Track
Undermined by Storm
Waters.
THE ENGINEER KILLED.
Panic-Stricken Passengers Leap
From the Flooded Em
bankment.
SIGNAL THAT WAS UNHEEDED.
A '•Call Reporter Was the First to
Discover the Danger Stories 7
• of Eye-Witnesses.
KILLED.
JOHN KEYEB of San Francisco, engi
neer of the San Jose local.
INJURED.
CHARLES GILL of San "Francisco, the
fireman, seriously injured on the head.
CONDUCTOR STAN WOOD of San
Francisco, cut about the face.
MRS. VAGGINI of San Jose, cut about
the face. *
•
Because he failed to understand or heed
I a danger signal Engineer Jack Keyer
of the Southern Pacific Company lost his
j life at 6 o'clock last evening and narrowly
j escaped sacrificing the lives of nearly one
| hundred passengers in the train under his
charge.
Train No. 19, which runs to San Jose and
way stations, left this City at 's:3o o'clock
on time and ran at its usual speed to Baden
station. Here a red lantern the signal of
danger — was swung in front of the speed
ing engine to warn the engineer that some
thing was wrong down the road, but
though the train slowed down to some
extent it did not do so sufficiently to avert
a disaster and ' the engineer's life went out
in the flood that filled the basins on each
side of the track.
The fireman and conductor of the train
were also badly hurt.
The terrific rains of yesterday afternoon
sent torrents of water down the little
valley that leads from Colma to Baden,
each canyon adding its volume to the
flood until the flume recently built by the
Supervisors of San Mateo County to pro
tect the county road was filled to over
flowing and the lowlands were covered
many feet deep. :
Below the pumping station at the Baden
artesian wells the flat that in the morning
had been merely a marsh, covered with an
inch or two or water, became a river six or
eight feet deep, rushing with terriffic force
toward the bay, carrying fences and
bulkheads away and driving the cattle to
the higher ground. The railroad at this
point is built on an embankment, which
crosses the marsh to South- San Francisco
station and divides the flat into two parts.
The culverts were totally inadequate to
carry away the water and it gradually in
creased in volume until it overflowed the
embankment and began undermining the
track. Once the water crossed the rails it
ate its way into the foundations and
carried mud, stone and even ties with the
••oaring torrent that rushed down the
north side of the embankment.
• The train from the south, which passes
South San . Francisco at 4:30 o'clock,
crossed the dangerous portion in safety,
but within an hour the roadbed was so in
secure that even a pedestrian could not
pass without picking his steps carefully
for fear of falling into the rushing waters
on either side. • V, -.-•". ■:;/.-
The employes at Baden and South San
Francisco knew nothing of the danger
until the train had plunged into, the water
and the roar of the escaping steam warned
them that something had occurred. Then
messengers and danger signals were sent
both ways to warn approaching trains of
the disaster. •
The scene on board the wrecked|local
was almost indescribable. Though the
train was not running at a high rate of
NEW TO-DAT.
&a The man who
Ts^i stands idly by and
H"** sees the life fading
out of hi 9 wife's
_EJ3— i IHBpLyfc) face, sees her health
maWmml^xV iSStf B"°i n ?> Bees her be-
i^*mVWi?§l coming old and
\Sks *-vil^y^ "^ faded and wrinkled
\) when she should
timWm Afpr still be in the perfect
./"gßpi fc'- 3 A-*-f enjoyment of v i?-
*^Sf ' — "Twl orous, useful health,
w i'^^tol is either less than a
1 -^PIM man or e^ se does no '
( /¥• know of the one
/ " remedy which will
bring her back to health and strength.
Most women do not understand their own
bodies, or the things that make them weU
or sick. The most frequent cause of sick-
ness in women is the cause last looked for.
A women will go to a doctor when she has
a severe cold, or some acute digestive dis-
turbance, but she hesitates and procrasti-
nates when the trouble is with the distinctly
feminine organism. And yet the latter is
infinitely more serious. It is the most seri-
ous sickness that any woman can have. It
is the most dreadful— the most dangerous.
Its consequences are always serious, and
serious right at the beginning because it is
debilitating. It saps the life and strength
and works on th-: nerves to such an extent
that the whole body is disturbed. Appetite
leaves, the color goes from the face and
hollows sink into the cheeks. Irritability
succeeds good temper and fretfulness takes
the place of contentment Little by little
life becomes . more and more miserable.
The woman is killing herself with neglect
just as surely as if she were taking deadly
poison. Perhaps her husband cannot per-
suade her to go to her doctor, because she
naturally dreads the inevitable examina-
tions and "local treatments." He can per-
suade her, if she needs persuasion, to take
Dr. : Pierces Favorite Prescription. This
truly wonderful medicine has cured hun-
dreds of women after the best physicians
have failed. It has been in constant use
and tested every day for 30 years. It isn't
an experiment, there are no chances about
it It is a certain and infallible cure for
all derangements peculiar to women. Those
who care to know all about it, and to re-
ceive the best medical work ever prepared
for the general public are invited to send
21 one-cent stamps to cover cost of mailing
only, and receive a copy of Dr. Pierces
thousand page book, " Common Sense Mcd-
- ical Adviser. " Address World's Dispensary
Medical Association, Buffalo, N.Y.2
speed the jar of the sudden stoppage as
the engine rolled over into the water threw
the passengers from their seats, bruising
many and frightening all almost out of
their senses.
Their fears were not allayed when they
rushed to doors and windows and saw the
vast sheets of water stretching away on
either side and heard the roar of escaping
steam as it rushed from the engine with
the noise of a shrieking geyser.
A panic at once ensued and a further
loss of life was only averted by the fact
that the embankment on each side slopes
gradually, and that at a distance of a few
feet from the train the water was not of
such a depth as to go over the heads of the
passengers. Several women leaped madly 1
from the windows and platforms in the
hope of escaping further danger, only to
land in water up to their necks.
Their screams for assistance added to the
general confusion and for a time it was be
lieved that more lives than that of the en
gineer had been lost Finally ail were in
duced to return to the coaches.
In the meantime Conductor Stanwood
had hurried forward to ascertain whether
the rest of the train crew were safe.
He found the fireman, Charles Gill,
clinging to the top of the cab which had
been torn from its fastenings by the force
of the lurch into the ditch, and holding
on to the arm of Engineer Keyer, whom
he was vainly endeavoring to drag on to
his frail support. The weight of the lat
ter's body was so great that he was unable
to accomplish his object and he was well
nigh exhausted when his rescuers climbed
over the derailed baggage car and carried
him back to the rear coach.
After ascertaining that the fireman was
not greatly in danger, the efforts of the
baggage-master and conductor, as well as
two Catholic priests who were on board,
were directed to an attempt to resusitate
the engineer.
A hasty examination showed that his
left leu; was broken and that he had re
mained so long under water that his lungs
were filled with water. A couple of Stan
ford University students advised rolling
him over a barrel, but as none could be
found a seat was impovised into a means
of relieving him of the water, and stimu
lants were forced down his throat.
All these measures were without avail,
and he was given up for dead.
The fireman's injuries consisted of a
badly torn left ear and a terrible cut that
extended from the left temple to nearly
the top of his head.
He was much dazed when led into the
coach, and the horror of the awful plunge
into the water seemed to have completely
unnerved him, for he covered his face with
a coat borrowed from a sympathetic pas
senger and answered in monosyllables
when questioned.
The horrors of a double wreck were only
averted by the prompt action of the con
ductor of the train in sending a messenger
to South San Francisco station to stop the
Monterey express at that point.
While working on Keyer's body a wild
cry of fire struck new terror into the
hearts of the frightened passengers and
all began hastily gathering their effects
and hurrying from the train. The glare of
the flames came from the baggage-car, and
it seemed for a time that the trunks of the
passengers would be consumed, but by
hard work the fire was subdued and the
passengers were induced to return to
their seats.
It was fully two hours before a relief
train went to the rescue of the wreck.
It was d*ie within a few minutes after
the San Jose train was wrecked, and as
the employes at South San Francisco
knew nothing of the washout nothing else
could have prevented it from going into
the break, as it must pass through a long,
narrow cut just before reaching the break.
As it happened the messenger arrived
just in time and the lives of many passen- i
gers were saved.
Among those who were cut and bruised
by being thrown against the seats by the
force of the collision was Mrs. Vapgini of
San Jose, bhe sustained severe injuries
about the head and was insensible for
some time.
THE FIREMAN'S STORY.
How He Vainly Tried to Save the
Life of Engineer
. Keyer.
Charles Gill, the fireman, when seen in
the rear coach, after he had recovered his
senses to some extent, said
"I warned the engineer of the impend
ing danger as we passed Baden station. I
saw a red lantern, which was apparently
being carried alongside the track, swing
toward -the engine. I scented danger and
called to Jack, saying: 'We had better
look out. There is a red lantern and there
may be some danger on the road.' He
laughed and said, 'I guess it is only a
track-walker.' But at the same time, as a
matter of precaution, instructed me to
slow down. ■ •'-■'.
"The track seemed to be all right, and
we ran on for some time until near the cut
just this side of South San Francisco
station. Then the engine gave a sudden
lurch and rolled over to the right. I
sprang through the window to cave my
self. I struck the water head first and
dove to save myself from the engine in
case it came my way. As I went through
the window 1 saw poor Jack beneath me
with his hand on the throttle and a look
of astonishment on his face that showed
me that he did not realize the danger.
"After being under the water what
seemed to me to be a very long time, I
came to the surface' and struck out for a
portion of the cab which I saw floating
near me. My head was in a whirl from a
blow I bad received from the cab as I went
out of the window, and I was some time
in gaining the floating roof.
"I could scarcely drag myself on top of
it, but finally succeeded and then looked
around for Jack.
"I had scarcely done so when the en
gineer came up alongside of 'me, gasping
for breath and apparently very badly in
jured. I endeavored to draw him up on
the floating wreck, but being a heavy man
I was not able to bundle him and he fell
back into the water.
"Seeing that be was unable to help him
self. I swam away from the roof and got
him by the arm. By this time the con
ductor and train crew had reached us, and
they took us both back to the coaches.
"Keyer must have been badly injured
when the cab was. broken from the engine,
for he made no effort to help himself, and
said nothing when I asked him if he was
hurt. He was limp, and I saw that he
must be helped or that he would drown.
"The plunge of the engine was so sud
den that he was unable to clear himself
before the machine went over into the
ditch.
"It seemed hours before any one came
to us, though of course it must have been
hut a few minutes. I shall never forget
the awful feeling as the engine lurched
away into the dark water and I saw that
Jack must go with it.''
WARNED BY A REPORTER.
Graphic Story Told by an Eye-
Witness of the Dis
• aster.
John P. Reynolds, a reporter of The
Call, was the first to discover the wash
out that caused the wreck, and gave the
warning which might have saved the life
of Engineer Keyer. His story of the
wreck is as follows:
"During the morning I passed down the
road going to South San Francisco, and
saw no evidence that a disaster might be
impending. The valley which, at the
time of the wreck, was a roaring torrent,
was a green flat, through which ran a
gentle stream of water winding its devious
way toward the bay.
"The scene on my return in the evening
was very different. Before I had left
South San Francisco station I could ' near
the roar of angry waters and after passing
through the cut just east of the station I
saw that what had been a meadow was now
a rushing river. Fences were under water
or totally carried away.
"I had not proceeded far down the track
when I discovered that it was being un
dermined. Little rills of water were cut
ting away the earth and sand, growing mo
mentarily larger and evidently weakening
the roadbed. A little farther on a culvert
under the roadbed was running full to the
level of the track. Soon it became neces
sary to pick my steps. The north side of
the track was sinking gradually and
showed that it was entirely insecure.
" Before I reached Baden station several
places were passed where for the width of
a street the water was running under the
track to the depth of a foot.
"Knowing that the 5:30 train was about
due I hurried on to Baden to endeavor to
warn whatever employes of the company I
might see that a train wreck might occur
unless the local was signaled. Near
Baden station 1 met Trackwalker Murphy
and told him of the washout. He was
just about to put up a signal lantern
when I called upon him to stop and ex
plained to him that unless the train was
stopped a loss of life was almost certain.
He seemed to scout at the idea that a
serious washout had occurred and started
to walk away. .
. . ..
"While we were talking the headlight of
an engine came into view, and I again im
plored him to make every effort to stop the
train. Then he turned the red light of his
lantern toward the swiftly approaching
train and swung it gently to and fro. Ap
parently the signal had no effect on the
train, for she roared past us across a bridge
and upon the . straight stretch of track
where the fatal washout was. I called to j
Murphy, saying, 'There goes a wreck'; but j
he seemed to think it was all right, and j
said, 'She'll reach the cut safely.' '7o;77l'
"I knew that unless the train was j
stopped within a short distance a wreck |
was inevitable, and I watched the red r j
lights in the rear of the train as they |
swung around the curve. At first it
seemed that Murphy's prediction would j
come true. The train went on and on, I
when suddenly the lights seemed to sway
and stop and a dull roar of escaping steam
came to us. Then I knew that the train \
had been wrecked and I ran down the
track to see whether any lives had been i
lost. I met women and children and a i
man in his coat sleeves running toward j
Baden in breathless fear. They told me*" j
that the engineer and fireman were pinned !
under the engine and that many people 1
had been hurt, some drowned. 7 V •
"On board the train and in the water be- I
aide it pandemonium reigned. Women' 1
were shrieking and men running back and !
forward seeking some means of escape,' j
while others simply sat in their seats, too : i
frightened to move. On either side the j
muddy water Tushed by into the darkness, !
adding its roar to that of • the escaping
steam. ' ■■-'*.'.• .*.;:.■:.-*» , -■■ ■. . .■*- <■//■ "'■:-'•■.--; ■-■■..
"No one outside of the conductor seemed
to know what to do. He was running
backward and forward, encouraging pas
sengers or giving directions regarding the
dying engineer, on whom several men
were working in a vain effort to resuscitate
him. ~4'4yp
"The fireman, who by this time was en
veloped in a great coat loaned by a passen
ger, was sitting in a corner of the car, his
head covered by the folds of tho garment,
seemingly oblivious to all that passed
about him. He complained that his head
felt numb, but his only thought seemed to
be of the engineer, and he begged that
some one would go for a doctor.
"The engine lay on its side in the water
alongside of the. track, the broken cab en
tangled in a barb- wire fence floating beside
it. The baggage car, though not entirely
off the track, inclined at such an angle
that it threatened momentarily to follow
the engine. The smoker, which was im
mediately in the rear of the baggage car,
was also in such a dangerous position that
those who were working on the inanimate
form of the engineer had to leave it and
carry it into the first coach. The coaches
were soon found to be standing on an in
secure track and the passengers were ad
vised to leave them. They accordingly
did so and wended their way in a sorrow
ful procession to Baden station.
"Before they were able to collect their
effects and leave, the horrors of fire were
added to those that already unnerved
them. The baggage-car contained a stove
which was thrown against the side of the
car when the engine plunged Into the
washout, and the car was soon in a blaze.
The train crew was compelled to leave the
frightened passengers and hurry to the
rescue of the baggage. Baggage-master
Robinson removed as much of the passen
gers' effects as he could reach, and as
sisted in putting out the fire, which for a
time threatened to consume the entire car.
"I heard a number of passengers, who
saw the red lantern swung beside the
train, complain bitterly of seeming negli
gence of the engineer."
AN OFFICIAL'S OPINION.
Transportation Master Richardson
Tells How the Accident May
Have Happened.
. Georce F. Richardson, master of trans
portation of the Southern Pacific Railroad
Company, said last evening that the only
information he had received about the
accident was what he had got from the
vicinity of the wrecfc by telephone.
"The engineer, John Keyer, had been
notified to look out for sand on the track
and in a general way was told to keep a
sharp lookout. How the accident hap
pened I. of course, do not know, but am of
the impression that it was caused by a tide
washout.
"The country down there between Baden
and South San Francisco is rather flat and
there is always considerable water there
in winter, and; there must have been a
great deal there this afternoon after that
heavy shower.
\ "It Is probable that a portion of one side
under the track was washed away and
that the rails remained in position, and by
reason of that the engineer could not dis
cover it. When the engine passed over it
its weight caused the track to sink and the
engine to careen and fall on its side. '■■""/■■
"The engineer was taken out alive but
fatally hurt. A physician was sent to him
soon as possible, but he died in a short time.
He was one of the old employes of the
road. The caboose went over too and the
smoker careened but did not topple. No
one but the unfortunate engineer was in
jured.
"There were men at the station near
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JANUARY 27, 1896.
where the accident happened, but I have
not learned if they did anything or not, or
if they discovered the washout. ; 77; "
"The traffic on the road will not be in
terrupted as the trains will go by the old
road, that is by San Bruno." ■■ :
THE CONDUCTOR'S STORY.
It Was Owing to His Clear-Headed
Action That GUI Was
Saved.
Conductor Stanwood was the clearest
headed man on board the train after the
wreck occurred. His first thought was for
the engineer, who he surmised must be
in great danger, and, after convincing
himself that the passengers^were in no im
mediate peril, he hurried forward to the
wrecked engine. To his efforts is due the
prompt rescue of Fireman Gill.
"I knew that poor Jack must have gone
down with his engine,'" he said, "and
when the sudden shock came— first
warning of the disaster— l made up my
mind that he must be rescued at once if
at all. When I climbed over the baggage
car I saw that* Gill was trying to support
him on top of the broken engine cab. It
took but a cursory glance, however, to
show that he waa i beyond help. We did
not waste any time, though, in using every
effort to resuscitate him, but it was of no
use, and the company has lost one of the
most faithful men it its employ.
"I cannot understand how the wreck
could have occurred. The uptrain passed
in safety and the force of the water carry
ing away the track must have been terrific
to accomplish the damage it did in so
short a time. With the little warning we
had I don't see how it could have been
avoided. Beyond the wetting that some
of the passengers received from jumping
into the water and a few bruises from sud
den contact with seats I know of no one
being injured." / zz^py y'-y/ipT,
TOLD BY MISS THOMAS.
She Is a Fatalist and Calmly Ob-
served the Panic.
Miss Nina Thomas of San Jose, one of
the few female passengers who were able
to control themselves sufficiently to talk
of the accident, said that for a moment she
expected to be killed. "The shock was so
sudden," she said, "that we had no time
to collect our thoughts before the rumble
and roar of the escaping steam told us that
some serious accident had occurred. As
for myself. I am a fatalist, and I believe
that when my* time comes my own actions
will have no bearing on my. fate. So I
simply sat and watchedthe actions of the
other passengers.
"One Italian woman screamed and
made frantic efforts to wrench a window
open with the apparent intention of jump
ing out. She would certainly have been
drowned had she done so, for the water
was deep on- the side she had chosen for
her leap. T.-  • U
"Another woman seized a huge hamper
basket in each hand* and just jumped off
the platform without looking to see where
she was going to land. She was dragged
back into the car a few .moments later wet
and bedraggled, but still in possession of
her baskets. I wanted to, go forward and
see the poor engineer who tuck, to his
post to the last, but they would not let
me." . ..... ' ;. j
A STUDENT'S STORY.
He Attributes the Catastrophe to
* the Lack of Track-Walkers.
A Stanford University student who did
: not desire his name used for fear that he
j might be called from bis studies to attend
; the inquest said that the shock was so sud
i den that he was thrown violently into the
j aisle of the car.
"It appears to me," he said, "that most
men are greater cowards than women in
cases of this kind. Some of the male
passengers paid no more attention to the
ladies than if they had been so many sheep
or so much baggage, but simply rushed
for the rear end of the car looking out for
their own safety. It seems to me that this
accident could have been- avoided and the
engineer's life spared had the .company
taken proper precautions regarding the
track. ....
"A number of washouts have occurred
in this very locality, and had the track
walkers been employed, as they formerly
were, they must have discovered the
danger that threatened the trains going
either way.
"It must have taken several hours for
the water to eat away the bed of the track,
and within that time it would certainly
seem that the danger should have been
discovered. However, we are- thankful
that we escaped with nothing worse than
a shaking up."
THE DEAD ENGINEER.
A Married Man and Old Employe.
GUI, the Fireman.
John Keyer, the dead engineer, was an
old employe of the Southern Pacific Com
pany, having formerly been employed on
the Ogden division. He was one of. the
most trusted engineers in the service of
the Southern Pacific Company, and was
recently transferred to ths "soft" run be
tween San Francisco and San Jose • He
was married, and lived with his wife at
427 Seventeenth street. '.-,7:
Charles Gill, the fireman, is a San Fran
cisco boy, who has been on the coast run
for several months past. He is now at St.
Luke's Hospital being treated for the seri
ous wounds he received in the wreck.
MURPHY WAS VIGILANT.
Did All In His Power to Warn the
Engineer.
Watchman Murphy, who is supposed to
look out for the safety of trains at Baden,
station, insisted that he had done every
thing possible to stop the train after learn
ing of the washout.
"A man came running breathlessly to
me." he said, "and told me that the track
was gone for a quarter of a mile near the
South San Francisco cut.
"Before I could understand the danger
the train came by, arid though I did all in
my power to signal it the engineer seemed
to pay no attention. As a matter of fact I
am not supposed to watch that section of
the track, and if any watchman or track
walker is to blame for the accident it is the
man who is located at the South San
Francisco station." :■ -
TRACK WASHOUTS.
Thousands of Dollars of Damage
Toward South San Fran
cisco. .
The storm of yesterday did thousands of
dollars of damage to the roadbed of the
San Francisco and San Mateo Electric
Railroad Company. Tons of sand covered
the track in some places, while in others
the bed was washed out to an , extent that
entirely precluded the 7 passage .. of cars.
Several cars were derailed, and in many
instances bothmbtorraen and conductors
were compelled to get out with shovels and
clear the tracks. , p .; ■•
Car 24, in charge of Motorman Jones and
Conductor Murray, ran off the track on the
grade between the Abbey House 7 and
Colma and entirely blockaded the line at
that point.
At , Ocean View a car jumped the
track arid in spite of the efforts of a gang
of men sent to clear it away the sand piled
up about the disabled car faster than it
could^be shoveled away.
• At the railroad crossing below Colraa car
20, in charge of Conductor Jeffries, was
hopelessly stalled, sand covering the
tracks to the depth of a foot. "
The car running on the lower division
of the road was unable to proceed ; more
.* ha .?, 7. half a mile from Holy Cross Ceme
tery. Serious washouts rendered the cul
verts and roadbeds unsafe. ;.
Between the Villa and' Holy Cross the
'roadbed is washed out for the distance of a
quarter of a mile, the tracks in some
places being inclined at an angle of 45 de
grees. It w'll be several weeks' before the
road is again in running order.
The rain did much damage in the Mis
sion. At Fourteenth arid Fifteenth streets
on Howard the sewers got choked up and
the water covered the sidewalks and road
way to the depth of four feet. The cable
cars had considerable difficulty in passing
and if the storm had continued much
longer traffic would have been suspended
and the stores and houses in the vicinity
would have been flooded.
A small bridge on the Ingieside division
of the Mission-street electric road," about
100 yards off the Mission road, was washed
away and completely stopped traffic.
Men were set to work to repair the dam
age last night arid the cars will probably
be runniug to-day. .
At the foot of ". College hill there was a
bad cave-in on the west side! of the road
way. The sidewalk, fence, and a portion
of the roadway were washed away, leaving
the latter in a dangerous condition. *
About 7 o'clock last night John Morris,
a lumberman, was driving home in his
buggy,, and ■ when near the Four-mile
House his buggy went into a rut in "the
roadway caused by the storm, and the
vehicle was wrecked. John was locked up
for drunkenness in the Seventeenth-street
Station, and his horse • found shelter for
the night in the Willows livery stables
on Mission street.
MRS. STANFORD HOPEFUL
She Deplores the Delay in the
Appeal Case Soon to Be
Argued.
Has Stinted Herself in Order That
the University's Doors • Be
Kept Open.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 26,-If the
irrigation case is concluded to-morrow the
Stanford suit will be taken up immediately
after, but if the former occupies the whole
day the Stanford suit will be argued Tues
day. Mrs. Stanford in discussing her case
said:
"As a woman I know little of law. I
cannot understand these things— the long
delay in court nor the court routine which
makes the delay of one case postpone an
other. I am told that the sad death of
Judge Dillon's little grandchild, although
he was engaged on the California irrigation
cases, just preceding mine on the court
docket, has also delayed the hearing in
my case.
"I am awaiting the outcome with as
much patience and as little anxiety as I
can. Of course much depends upon it for
me everything in fact— and I could not
bear up under the strain if I did not trust
in a surely just influence higher than any
power here engaged. ../..." .-i-.
--"It has seemed sometimes as if I ; could
not bear the anxiety and burden any
longer," she continued. -"This litigation
has constantly been the uppermost subject
in my mind for nearly two years. And
while my lawyers feel" very much encour
aged over the success they have had in the
lower courts. I cannot but be anxious for
the outcome of every succeeding hearing,
particularly here, where the decision is to
be final.
"I am not used to combating against
such odds. If my husband were alive, I
feel that the whole trouble would melt
away without touching m .-. just as I have
so often seen him with ease banish great
obstacles. Then, too, the maintenance of
the university, as the result of this litiga
tion, has been a great tax upon me, men
tally and financially."
Mrs. Stanford says that, although the
court allowed her $10,000 a month for her
support, she has lived on $300 a month
and has used $700 per month to help pay
the university professors. She has also
sold bonds out of the $1,000,000 worth
which she held.
"The university only received what I
have been able to supply from the pro
ceeds of the Vina and Palo" Alto farms and
my personal funds. I have been endeavor^
ing for the last two years to make these
two large properties bring in an income
larger than the outgo, and am much grati
fied to find that there has been success in a
moderate way, and ; am encouraged to
believe that I may do much better in years
to come. I have learned through experi
ence that 'a dollar saved is a dollar earned.'
These have supported the university since
June, 1893, and it was a pleasure to- take
for this use the gift of my husband on the
twenty-fifth anniversary of our marriage
in 1875, for I considered it was a sacred ob
ligation on my part to do the best Dossible
to keep the doors of the university open
until this suit was finally decided favorably.
"I would receive what I had expended,
and if favorably, I would have the blessed
satisfaction of knowing that . I have used
my best endeavors. I also wish to add
that the experience of the last three years,
since my husband passed away, has
opened a new life to me. I find that there
is more good in human nature, more ten
derness and helpfulness than those who
live in affluence, who have no need, for
sympathy and help, can ever realize."
INTERESTS THE COAST.
California's Delegates in Congress Combine
to Secure Legislation Desired
by Miners.
. ■*
WASHINGTON, ,D. C, Jan. 26.— The
California delegation held a caucus at the
Ebbitt House to consider the bills proposed
by the California Miners' Association.
Senators White and Perkins and Repre
sentatives Barbara, Loud, McLachian,
Johnson and Hilborn were present; Hon.
Tiry L. Ford, representing the miners, ex
plained the several bills drafted by the
Miners' Association and already intro
duced by Barham and Johnson.
Most of the time was spent in discussing
the advisability of asking Congress. to ap
propriate $250,000 for the construction of
wing dams and other restraining works un
der Caminetti's hydraulic-mining bill. The
idea is to | attempt to have I this sum in
cluded in a regular appropriation bill and
not by special act. The California Legis
lature has already 7 appropriated $250,000,
to become available when Congress has
provided a like amount.* The delegation
seems to be united on this proposition.
Representative Loud wants to have
Shag, Arch and Blossom rocks blown out
of San Francisco harbor, as they are dan
gerous to deep draught vessels; in foggy
weather. Blossom Rock was blasted some
years ago, so there is ..now ; twenty-four
feet -of water over it, but latterly; ships
have been constructed' of much deeper
draught. '- The big c naval ; vessels would
scrape the bottom of Blossom Rock.-:
Loud also wishes , to secure another sur
vey for Alviso Slough. Engineers have
already reported adversely on this project
three times, but Snn Jose people are again
urging that this slough.be deepened, and
straightened, it being -\ seven miles from
San Jose to the old wharves at Alviso, and
there being to connecting railroad. :
CLEVELAND AND
HAWAII'S QUEEN.
Thurston's' Version of the
Blount and Willis
Episode.
HE WAS IN THE WAY.
The Ex-Minister Tells Why He
Was Persona Non Grata to
the President.
DEAD GRESHAM DENOUNCED.
Indirectly Accused •-.-.. of Conspiring
' Against the Present Island
Government.
CHICAGO, 111., Jan. 26.— A morning
paper publishes a long statement from
Lorrin A. Thurston, ex-Minister of .the
Republic of- Hawaii, giving the facts lead
ing to his recall last spring. Mr. Thurston
says at the outset of his paper that he had
made a full. reply to his Government of
the complaints against him, but withheld
it until his successor was appointed. In
the meantime Secretary Gresham died,
ana the story did not come out. Mr.
Thurston says in part:
"The gist of the only charge made
against me in the letter requesting my re
call is, in substance, that I furnished the
American press for publication matter
which contained comments and criticism
upon the policy pursued by Mr. Cleveland
and Mr. Gresham toward Hawaii. At that
time Hawaii was represented in Washing
ton ny a Minister and five' Commissioners,
all duly accredited and accepted, who had
•formally negotiated and signed an annex
ation treaty, action on which was pending
before the Senate, while the relations be
tween the two Governments were, as they
always had been, most friendly and
cordial.
•"'lmmediately after the President's in
auguration information reached the Ha
waiian representatives that he intended to
withdraw the treaty. Inquiry at the State
Department met . with a curt refusal to
confirm or deny the report, and the first
and only news of the withdrawal by Mr.
Cleveland of the treaty reached theHawai
ians through the newspapers. Thus was in
itiated the unique and extraordinary policy
of secreting from the accredited and recog
nized diplomatic representatives of a
friendly government matters vitally
affecting them and their country, and of
allowing them to learn of the intentions of
the government to which they were ac
credited solely through the press. * *•
"The immediate and continued endeavors
by the Hawaiian representatives to ascer
tain the intentions of the President were
met by a frigid silence at the State Depart
ment, and the positive refusal either to
state what course the President would pur
sue or to allow the Hawaiian Commission
ers to make any statements or explana
tions. Mr. Gresham's repeated reply was:
'When I desire any information from you
I will let you know.' Meanwhile the
Queen's agents were accorded full and con
fidential audiences, and received assur
ances that the President would do nothing
• until he had made an investigation.
"From this time on the royalists were
kept fully informed of every intended
move contemplated by the President. Mr.
Blount or Mr. Willis concerning Hawaii,
while the Hawaiian Government and its
representatives were kept in ignorance
thereof. : 'Ay : y
'•The intention to make an investigation
was soon announced in the press, but Mr.
Gresham refused to affirm or deny it to
the Hawaiian Commissioners. Then the
papers announced that Mr. Blount had
been appointed and had started for San
Francisco, whence he was to go to Hawaii
on a special steamer. Still Mr. Gresham
refused to admit or deny anything.
. "Arrived at Honolulu Mr. Blount rigidly
adhered to the policy of his superiors. The
first and only information which the Ha
waiian Government received concerning
Mr. Blount's instructions was gleaned
from the columns of a royalist paper, in
which they were published in full over
Mr. Blount's signature, under the headinsc
of . "An Address to the Hawaiian People.'
The manner in which Mr. Blount con
structed the report is familiar history.
"After Mr. Blount's return I vainly in
quired of Mr. Gresham what the result
was. He would not even admit that any
report had been made, stating that such
report, if made, was a confidential one and
that it was 'unfair' for me to ask any ques
tions concerning it.
"On the evening of November 7, 1893, be
ing temporarily in Chicago, I saw in an
evening paper a statement that Mr.
Gresham had recommended to the Presi
dent to restore the Queen and overthrow
the Dole Government. I immediately tele
graphed to Mr. Hastings, Hawaiian Charge
d'Affaires, to see Mr. Gresham and ask if it
was true. Mr. Hastings did ■ so, and Mr.
Gresham said to him, '1 assure you there
is no 'foundation 7 for the statement. Do
you think I would take so important a step
without informing you?' Mr. . Hastings
telegraphed me the substance of the reply.
That same night at about midnight he was
informed by a newspaper man that Mr.
Gresham's letter to the. President, recom
mending restoration, had been given to
the press. , 7 ;''.-■'■ , '•
"As will be remembered, this letter
adopted Mr. Blount's conclusions through
out. The publication of the Blount report
and Secretary Gresham's letter placed me
in an embarrassing position. On the one
hand I was the diplomatic representative
of Hawaii and by conventional rules was
not authorized to discuss questions affect
ing * the two, countries except with Mr.
Gresham.7ori the other band, Mr. Gresham
was publishing, broadcast false and defam
atory matter concerning myself and those
whom I represented, administration papers
and members of Congress were, taking the;
charges up and reiterating them and pub
lic opinion was forming. I could not hear
from home, nor obtain denials nor .ex
planations from there for weeks. 7. 7 .
:7, "With regret I was forced by the neces
sities of the situation 7 and the tactics of
the administration to meet them on the
field of .their own choosing, and published
a reply "over my signature to the charges
contained "in the Blount report and the
Gresham letter. 7; No notice was then taken
of the matter by Mr. . Cleveland, \ but,. to
,use an American expression, the adminis
tration 'had no use' for me from that ; time
on. At the same time, 1 addressed an of
ficial protest to Mr. Gresham against the
. ...
suggested restoration of the Queen. No
acknowledgement of or answer thereto was
ever made. I
."On January 25, 1894, I made a state
ment to Mr. Gresham concerning the fric
tion that existed "in Hawaii by reason of
the continued demand by Japan that the
franchise be granted, to Japanese. He
said :
" 'What do you mean by coming to me
with complaints about Japan? Do you
expect us to protect you from Japan ? I
should think that the last country in the
world you would appeal . to for assistance
would be the United States. : It id most
extraordinary that you should make this
statement to me. What do you want me
to do?' etc.
"I replied that I had not applied for as
sistance, nor did I want him to do any
thing; that the United States had for
years followed a certain line of policy con
cerning Hawaii's relations with other for
eign powers; that I was simply stating a
fact, and that 'it was entirely for him to
say whether or not it was of interest to or
concerned American policy interests. He
reiterated his former statements in differ
ent forms several times, and wound up by
branching off from the subject entirely
and demanded what President Dole meant
by sending an 'insulting' reply, to Mr.
Wiilis (refeiring to Mr. Dole's reply to Mr.
Willis' demand that the Queen be re
stored). I denied that the answer was or
was intended to be insulting. Mr. Gres
ham said: 'I say it was insulting, and
Mr. Dole's sole, object was to say some
thing sharp to the American Minister
when he had the opportunity.' He con
tinued to talk in this strain until it became
manifest that he was simply trying to pro
voke a quarrel, and I left the room. • ,7:
"During the summer and fall of 1894 I
was absent in Hawaii and Europe. On
January 7, 1895, I returned to Washington,
and called the next day on Mr. Gresham
to see about presenting my credentials
from the republic of Hawaii, which had
taken the place of the provisional Govern
ment. After stating that they would be
received, he said: 'What did your Gov
ernment, mean by complaining to us that
arms were being shipped from California
to Hawaii?' I replied that I knew of no
such complaint; that I had arrived only
the day before, and knew nothing of it.
He said: 'Yes, they complained to us,
and I have investigated the matter, and
there is not a particle of foundation for it.
They have put us to all this . trouble with
out any reason.' (By a remarkable coin
cidence the insurrection made possible by
the use of these very arms had broken out
the day before, and at that very hour
Charles Carter lay dead in Honolulu, shot
to death with one of the guns which Mr.
Gresham had investigated and found did
not exist.)
"Continuing, Mr. Gresham said: 'I
guess ' your Minister of Foreign Affairs
(Mr. Hatch) is a scary kind of fellow,
isn't he?' I replied: 'No. On the con
trary, he is unusually cool and clear
headed.' He said: 'Well, he acts like it
anyhow. I can see no reason for the com
plaint he maoe. He even put Mr. Willis
to the expense of telegraphing it over
here.' ■ . A/-'A.y : / ..
"He continued to talk in this strain j
with an exceeedingly harsh manner until |
I became convinced that he was seeking I
to pick a quarrel with me, as there was no i
occasion for his bringing up the subject, j
of which he knew that I was ignorant.
"Immediately after news, of the insur
rection reached the States," says Mr. i
Thurston, "the cue of the administration i
was to minimize its importance. It was
characterized as a 'little not,' . and ridi- '
culed as 'a tempest in a teapot."- So sedu
lously was this view presented that it ap- j
peared as though it might be generally j
adopted.
"Knowing, as I did, the real seriousness
of the situation and fearing that my Gov
ernment might feel it necessary to impose
extreme penalties upon some of the lead
ers, as a deterrent example for the future,
I saw that if the American public became
impressed that the insurrection was an in
significant affair any severity of punish
ment would cause a reaction of feeling
against us. I accordingly took pains to
give to the press the fullest information
concerning the facts. This I had a perfect
right to do, as the matter was purely do
mestic. The statement made in the press j
that the ground of the request for my re
call was because of my giving to the press
information contained in official dispatches
was without foundation.
"On February 12, 1895, a representative
of one of the press associations, who had
frequently called, came in as I was read
ing the mail received that morning from
Hawaii and made a remark to the effect
that the trouble in Hawaii was 'only a lit
tle fracas,' and did not amount to much.
I replied that he was mistaken; that it
was through no lack of intent on the part
of the royalists that the results were not
worse, and that there was still most in
tense feeling over the matter in Honolulu,
as he could see by the letters I had just
received. I thereupon read to him from
several private letters, not with intent that
he should publish what was read to him,
but to disabuse his mind of a false impres
sion. There was nothing said about pub
lication. There was no intention on my
part that the references in the letters to
the American administration should be
published, and they were not published ;
but the gentlemanly press representative
treasured up such references and commu
nicated them either directly or indirectly
to Mr. Gresham. I understand it has been
denied that this was the avenue of his in
formation. I know that it was, for the
letters to me were shown to no one else
but the newspaper man in question.
"In speaking to me in relation to the
matter later Mr. Gresham 'said, in expla
nation of his possession of the reference:
'Some of our newspaper friends . have
abused . your confidence.' When ■'. Mr.
Gresham spoke to me concerning the sub
ject, I gave in substance the following : ex
planation,* saying in connection therewith
that I understood myself to be at liberty
to give out for publication facts concern
ing Hawaii, but that there had been no
such intention in this case.
"In his letter requesting my recall, Mr.
Gresham garbled and suppressed my ex
planation, stating only that I claimed that
the references in question were news
which I had a right to give out.
"I had committed no intentional breach
of diplomatic etiquette: but, knowing the
spirit which animated the administration
toward everything Hawaiian, and desiring
to prevent friction, if possible, I tendered
an apology that the matter had come
through the legation, even inadvertently,
and | even though it had not been pub
lished. Mr. Gresham immediately-re
quested an apology in writing, stating as a
reason that this was a . personal matter be
tween myself and the President and that
he ought to know exactly what I said.
The matter had been presented to me in
formally and I- saw no reason for treating
it otherwise on my part, especially as I did
not know to what use it might be put in
my ; absence and without explanation. I
accordingly declined to make the written
apology requested." .
Artist Tyler Dead.
TROY, N. V., Jan. 26.-W. R. Tyler, a
well-known landscape artist, died here last
night.
SENATORS WILL
VOTE FOR SILVER
The Substitute ] for the
Bond Bill Will Be
Passed.
UTAH'S TWO CHAMPIONS.
Cannon and Brown to Throw
Their Support to the White
Metal.
FOREIGN POLICY DISCUSSION.
Orators of the Upper House Will
Deliver Speeches Upon the
Monroe Doctrine.
WASHINGTON, D. C M Jan. 26.— The
week beginning to-morrow ends the second
month this Congress has been in session.
Despite the fact that there has been no
holiday recess, but little ha*" been accom
plished, owing largely to consideration in
the Senate of the substitute to the House
bond bill. Although this measure was
speedily disposed of in the House, it has
been the unfinished business of the Senate
for several weeks. The end, however, is
in sight, for on Friday last Jones of Ar
kansas, in charge of the bill, gave notice
that he would ask the Senate to remain in
session Thursday next until the bill was
disposed of. It is hardly likely that a vote
will be reached on that day, as a number
of Senators have expressed their intention
of speaking to the pending substitute, and
time is too short after the morning busi
ness each day has been attended to to per
mit of the delivery of the speeches. It is
probable, however, that before the week is
out a vote will have been taken and the
free-coinage substitute adopted by the
Senate. 'yT/pT.
There can be little doubt as to how the
vote will result. Jones has steadfastly re
fused to agree to a time for a vote until
after the election of the two new Senators
from Utah. They were due to reach this
city at a late hour to-night, and as soon as
their election had been announced Jones
gave the notice to the Senate of his desire
to reach a vote this week. Jones asserts
positively that the free coinage substitute
will be adopted, and he places the major
ity at between five and eight votes.
Incidentally during the week there will
be more or less of discussion on the Mon
roe doctrine resolution reported by the
Committee on Foreign Relations. Thurs
ton of Nebraska, one of the new Senators,
but a man well known in National politics,
has given notice that he will address the
Senate on these resolutions Tuesday, and
a speech of some force is expected from
the Nebraska Senator.
Quite an ' array of talent has been se
cured for the discussion of the 'silver bill
this week, arid ii all the gentlemen who
'have signified their intention are prepare^
to speak promptly, there need be no lag
ging in . the debate. Senator Knute Nel
son of Minnesota will address the Senate
to-morrow. Tillman of South Carolina
will take the floor, according to his pres
ent expectations, Tuesday. It will be bis
maiden speech in the Senate, and the rep
utation of the man at home is such as to
lead to great expectations from him in the
Senate. ''A;/'//
DOCTOR'S
EXAMINATION!
WfBHI ps>
IP;, jf'
How long have you been sick?
Two years, doctor.
You became sick after exposure during
the rainy season?
Yes, doctor.
Are you*- feet, limbs and joints swollen
and painful? ....... - :
■ , Yes, doctor.
Are your bowels irregular?
Yes, doctor.
Was there an acute inflammation of the
joints at the beginning of your sickness?
■ '- ■■- .'pp. 77 t Yes, doctor.
Did the inflammation extend from th*
feet into the knee and hip joints? •
Yes, doctor.
Have you taken medicine^for your sick-
ness?.
-* it •» ■* *
Yes, doctor.
Have you taken mercury or iodide of
potash?
Yes, doctor.
Your trouble is chronic rheumatism"
due to an unhealthy condition of ; the
blood, or an excessive amount of uric acid
in the blood. Your condition can be re-
lieved by proper medication, remedy
that will neutralize the excessive acidity of
the blood and regulate the bowels.
Minerals are bad in rheumatism. I will
write you a prescription.
,
: ! R. ; .;' For Mr. John . •
: JOY'S VEGETABLE '.
: sarsap :
: —One bottle— '
: M. Sig. 2 teaspoonfuls 3 times a d*y. •
: When bowels are regular take ■
: one teasnoonful. "
: Dr... - ... :
..... .
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
I -r.4.r.«um5 , d , ._5j-JJfB£iSSSS:MASONS SEND A
PLEA TO OLNEY
lEndeavoring to Establish
Communication With
Hammond.
ASK FOR ASSISTANCE.
Messages To and From Ameri
cans in Transvaal Believed
to Be Intercepted.
PRISONERS GRANTED COUNSEL.
•
The Secretary of State Replies to
the Letter From California's
Delegation.
WASHINGTON. D. C. Jan Senator
White of California, who has been active
in behalf of John Hays Hammond, the
American engineer under arrest in the
Transvaal, called upon Secretary Olney
yesterday, urging prompt action in the
case by the United States. After the de
parture of .Senator White the cable mes
sage from Consular Agent Manion at
Johannesburg was received.
Secretary Olney then dictated a letter to
the Senator, acknowledging the receipt of
a communication from the California dele
gation and also calling attention to the
Manion dispatch. The letter was as fol
lows:
Stephen If. UTiife, United States Senate— My
Dear Sib: I have the honor to acknowledge
the receipt of a letter of the 24th inst. signed
by yourself and the rest of the California dele
gation in Congress.
You will obtain through the papers by the
time this letter reaches you the latest informa
tion I have from, the Transvaal relating to
Americans recently arrested there. I under
stand the Americans are all amply represented
by counsel of their own selection. It appears
the preliminary examination of the Americans
is to take place toward the end of this month.
The question of additional counsel may, 1
think, therefore be left until the results of the
preliminary hearings are known and the
Americans themselves express some opinion
upon the subject. You will observe by another
telegram that the American prisoners paroled,
with the exception of Hammond, are allowed
to use the telegraph. Respectfully yours,
Richard Olney.
The Masons of California have taken a
hand in a general effort to establish com
munication between John Hays Ham
mond and his brother in San Francisco.
This was in response to a suggestion from
members of the Masonic order all over the
country, of which order the imprisoned
: mining engineer is a member. The steps
• taken are shown in the following telegram,
which was received in this city Saturday:
Nevada City. Cal., January 25.
Hon. Richard Olney, Secretary of State, Wash
ington: John Hammond and other Masons are
imprisoned in Africa. Believe all messages to
and from there are Intercepted by the Boer
Government. Will you secure assurance that
my cablegram, will be delivered to them ? We
desire to communicate with them as American
citizens and Masons. Your answer by wire pre
paid. E. M.Preston*. .
Grand Master of Masons of California.
A copy! of this message was also sent
to Senator Perkins.
ASK FOR A CONSUL.
Americans in Pretoria Send a Request to
Secretary Olney.
LONDON, Esq., Jan. 26.— Times
will to-morrow publish a dispatch from
Pretoria, capital of the South African re
public, saying that a meeting of Ameri
cans was held Saturday, at which it was
decided to cable to Secretary Olney re
questing, in view of the arrest of American
citizens and the fact that their property is
in danger, that a diplomatic agent be sent
to the Transvaal to protect their interests.
The Americans are friendly toward the
Transvaal Government, but they desire
that their grievances be redressed.
APPROVE THE SPEECH.
Chamberlain's Utterances Sanctioned by
the Press of London.
LONDON, Esq., Jan. 26.— A1l the morn
ing papers here will to-morrow express
their approval of the • speech delivered
Saturday night by the Right Hon. Joseph
Chamberlain, Secretary of Stat*" for the
Colonies, at the dinner of the Birmingham
Jewelers and Silversmiths' Association.
The Standard will say it thinks that Mr.
Chamberlain makes- a somewhat optimis
tic estimate of the feeling in the United
States toward Great Britain.
The Chronicle will say that Mr. Cham
berlain's admission that Great Britain does
not wish an inch of territory in America
beyond what she already rightfully pos
sesses, means that she formally accepts
the Monroe doctrine.
FOR RUSSIA'S NAVY.
Nearly Sixty Million Rubles to Be Ex
pended in Seven Years.
ST. PETERSBURG, Russia, Jan. 26.—
The Czar has given his sanction to the
naval estimates, covering a period of
seven years beginning in 1896, when 57,
--500,000 rubles will be appropriated for
naval purposes. The figures are fixed in
proportion to the amounts expended on
their naval forces by other powers.
Call Upon Venezuela to Pay.
LONDON, Eng., Jan. 26.— The Stan
dard's Berlin coriespondent telegraphs
confirming the report that the German
Minister at Caracas has delivered to the
Venezuelan Government a note demand
ing, on behalf of the German capitalists
and shareholders in the Venezuelan Rail
way Company, payment for the construc
tion of the railway.
HE A L tt UR G WH EEL MEN.
They Meet and Ifecide to Build a New
Bicycle Track.
HEALDSBURG, Cal., Jan, 26.— At a
meeting of the Healdsburg Wheelmen held
last night it was decided to at once com
mence work on the building of a new
bicycle track. The club has a membership
of sixty and is in a most flourishing condi
tion.
NO RACING AT SARATOGA.
Summer Meeting at the * Famous Old
■ Course Declared Off. *
NEW YORK, N. V., Jan. 26.— Re
corder says: As a result of the failure of
the Saratoga Racing Association to accept
the dates ailoted by the Jockey Club, there
will be no racing at the famous old course
this summer.
The executive committee held a meeting
last night at the office of the association
and after a careful consideration of -' the
matter; it • was decided that the proposed
meeting should be declared off.
This resolve was -stated in a resolution
in which the association states that it was
unfairly dealt with by the Jockey Club in
the matter of dates, and failing to secure a
reconsideration of the matter had no alter
native but to declare the meeting.off rather
than risk a heavy loss. •
DOUGLAS WILL ATTEND.
Queensberry's Son Applies for a Box at
the El Paso Roped Arena.
EL PASO, Tex., Jan. 26.— Dan Stuart
received a telegram from Sacramento,
Cal., to-day asking if a box could be re
served for Lord Sholto Douglas, son of the.
Marquis of Qneeusberry. Stuart replied
to his lordship:
." As , the glove contests will all be under
the rules of the Marquis of Queensberry.
it will not be inappropriate for his son to
be at the ring-side. Box asked for awaits
your pleasure."
Lord Sholto Douglas is said to have in
his possession the original parchment upon
which the Marquis of Queensberry had
the fighting rules engrossed.
CHESS MATCH BY CABLE.
Americans and Englishmen to Contest
for a Trophy.
NEW YORK, N. V., Jan. 26.— Articles
were signed yesterday for a cable chess
match to be played between the United
States of America and the United King
dom of Great Britain and Ireland on
March 13 and 14 on eight boards for a
trophy of the value of $800, presented by
Sir George Newnes, baronet, president of
the British Chess Association of London.
■ The American team is to play under the
auspices of the Brooklyn Chess Club and
the Britishers under the auspices of the
British Chess Club.
Lumber Dealers Attached,
BRUNSWICK, Ga., Jan. 26.— William
D. Cartright & Co., the largest lumber and
cross-tie dealers of the Southeast, closed
their establishment last evening under
attachments aggregating over $15,000. The
liabilities are estimated at $200,000. Their
annual business here amounted to $500,000.
The creditors are in New York and else
where.
PHILIP RIPLEY IS DEAD
He Won Fame As a Correspon
dent During the War of
the Rebellion.
A Single Friend Left to Claim the
Remains of the Veteran
Writer.
NEW YORK. N. V., Jan. Philip
Ripley, at one time possibly one of the
most widely known newspaper men in the
country, died shortly before midnight last
night at the Bellevue Hospital.
The deceased was in his 69th year. He
was born in Hartford, Conn., and was
educated at Trinity School in that place.
Shortly after his graduation he started in
the newspaper business and was first em
ployed by Washington journals.
When the war broke out he was detailed
to New Orleans as war correspondent for a
half-dozen most prominent newspapers in
the country. He is said to have furnished
the most authentic accounts of the battles
of the rebellion.
Several years after the war he came to
New York, and since then had been em
ployed on many newspapers in this city.
He was closely affiliated with all the old
time newspaper men, notably Horace
Greeley, and for a period of years wrote
the famous editorials which were printed
over the name "Hurlburt."
There is no one now to claim his re
mains, as far as is known, but a minister
of Connecticut. Before Ripley died he
told his physician to send word to Rev.
Mr. Starr, Newington Junction, Hartford
County, Conn., which was done. The
cause of his death was Bright's disease.
TURNFEST AT SANTA CRUZ
The Convention of Verein Dele
gates Decides Upon the Place
of Meeting.
Strong Funding Bill Resolution Adopted
and Presented to Mayor
Sutro.
SANTA CRUZ, Cal., Jan. 26.— The next
annual turnfest of the Turn Vereins of the
Pacific turn district will be held in Santa
Cruz. There was no opposition to the mo
tion made by R. Rieger, who presented the
wishes of the local verein and the citizens.
It was conceded that Santa Cruz is enti
tled to the honor, and as the Car
nival Association had offered the free
dom of the pavilion and appurtenances'
the event will be held in August, the date
to be set by the executive committee.
The convention was called to order by
the retiring first speaker, Charles Schmidt,
at 11 o'clock this morning and proceeded
immediately to the election of officers for
the ensuing year, resulting as follows: L.
Markus of San Francisco, first speaker;
H. Otter of San Jose, second speaker; R.
Mueller of San Francisco, secretary; O. H.
Hartig of Sacramento, assistant secretary.
The business of the Turn Verein con
vention after the selection of Santa Cruz
as tho place for holding the next Turn
fest was devoted to the election of commit
tees. The next convention will be held at
Marysville in January next.
The first woman delegate ever allowed a
vote in the Turn Verein convention in the
State. Mrs. P. Schweirer, was greeted with
loud cheers when her name was called.
The enthusiasm over the selection of Santa
Cruz as the place of holding the Turnfest
has reached the banquet hail to-night and
both delegates and citizens are enjoying a
delightful time despite the fact that a hard
rain is falling.
San Jose Verein elected the executive
body and San Francisco the technical
body. The following resolution was
adopted unanimously:
Resolved. That the funding <of 'the- Pacific
Railroad debt bill, at present beforo Congress,
be not made law, but that the railroad compa
nies be required to pay their debts, and if not,
tnat such railroads shall be attached by "the
Government of the United States and shall be
declared the property of the United States, and
shall be under the supervision of the Govern
ment.
The above resolution will be signed by
President L. Markus and laid before
Mayor Sutro of San Francisco. -
SANTA BARBARA'S NEW RAILWAY.
Grading Progressing Rapidly and Fine
Bridge to Be Constructed. -."
SANTA BARBARA, Cal., Jan. 26.—
The latest railroad advices from the north
ern end of the county state that the work
of grading the approaches to the bridge at
the mouth of the Santa Ynez River is
being pushed rapidly forward and a tem
porary bridge will be at : once constructed
to be used while the piers and superstruc
ture of the permanent bridge are going
forward.
This bridge will be modeled after the
fine one constructed at Guadalupe. Ne
gotiations between Lompoc and the South
ern Pacific Company wiih a view to secur
ing a branch to that place are progressing
favorably. .-.-. j
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JANUARY 27, 1896.
BELIEVES THE
KAISER ERRED.
Bismarck Not in Accord
With the Transvaal
Policy.
SHOULD NOT INTERFERE.
German Interests Best Subserved
by Maintaining a Neutral
Policy.
WILLIAM'S ERRATIC COURSE.
The Prince Says 111-Health Is Re
sponsible for Many of the
Emperor's Acts.
BERLIN, Germany, Jan. 28. — Thre
times within the past week rumors weie
in circulation in Berlin that Prince Bis
marck was dead. These reports had the
effect to cause a rush of inquiries" to Fried
richsruhe to learn the truth. Among the
large number of visitors whom the Prince
received personally, and with such cour
tesy and activity of movement as to dispel
the last vestige of anxiety concerning his |
health, was an old and intimate friend and
co-worker in the political arena, who has
given to The United Press the substance of
an interesting conversation he had with
the ex-Chancellor which serves to correct
certain impressions upon the public mind
in regard to Prince Bismarck's relations
with the Kaiser.
Not once since his resignation of the
office of Chancellor, Prince Bismarck said
to his friend, has the Emperor spoken to
him upon the subject of politics, except
upon the memorable occasion of the
Kaiser's visit to Friedricbsruhe on March
23 last, when his Majesty came to the ex-
Chancellor's residence with General Count
yon Waldersee. The Emperor was at the
time very angry about the vote in the
Reichstag refusing to pay the united re
spects of that body to the Prince upon the
occasion of his birthday. Prince Bis
marck admitted to his friend that he was
well able to go to Berlin on January 18,
when the twenty-fifth anniversary of the
founding of the empire was celebrated,
but he did not go because he emphatically
declined to lend his name as a flag for the
present course of politics, which is being
directed upon lines which the ex-Chan
cellor regards as radically wrong and of
which he profoundly disapproves.
It was a move of rare cleverness on the
part of the Emperor, the Prince said, to
make a spontaneous call at Friedricbsruhe
recently, thereby creating at home and
abroad the impression that the imperial
policy had the full approval of Prince Bis
marck or at least his tacit assent.
Nothing of the kind was true, however.
The recent moves of the Kaiser, he said,
were grave mistakes. Germany had no
business whatever to meddle with foreign
complications unless German interests
were directly menaced or assailed. If the
powers have grouped themselves definitely
either for or against certain causes, what
of it? Germany has still time to decide to
what extent her interests are involved.
The expressions which the Emperor has
sometimes indulged in, the United Press
informant said, must be credited to the
fact that the Kaiser's state of health was
not always normal.
His irritability, caused by worrying and
frequent violent headaches, had quite
often accounted for a quick word or deed
on his part. It may be added, too, that
he slept very little— in fact not at all suf
ficiently to enable him to maintain his
health.
The piesent Government of Germany is
deprived of all initiative in the manage
ment or direction of politics. The Em
peror directs everything personally, and
his Ministers and Secretaries of State are
merely his executive officers. Among his
many irresponsible counselors it is al
ways the last one having the ear of the
Kaiser who is charged to see that the ideas
of the Emperor are carried out.
Prince Bismarck's personal organ, the
Hamburger Nachrichten, prints articles
almost daily giving pointed expression to
some of the foregoing views. In an article
published in the Nachrichten last Thurs
day commenting upon the Kaiser's aim
ing to stamp Germany's character as that
of a •'Weltmacht"— a power so mighty as
to require a large increase in the navy—
the paper says:
_ The nation must receive better informa
tion than it has now before accepting t!;e
new position of pursuiug an external pol
icy of might instead of a policy of inter
national development. The country is
not ambitious for foreign enterprises in
order to acquire prestige. The wisest
policy is that of conserving German in
terests.
These sentiments, however, find small
sympathy in the press generally, official
and unofficial. The tide of popular feel
ing continues to run strongly in the direc
tion of Anglophobia. Anything the
Kaiser could do or say to satisfy this feel
ing would receive the hearty acclamation
of all classes. T.he Hamburger Nachrich
ten, although attacking the attitude of the
Emperor in assuming control of the for
eign affairs of the empire, expresses the
hope that England may ere long receive a
thorough lesson in 'regard to her isolation
as a State and her limitations as a power.
The Emperor entertained the' foreign
Embassadors at dinner at the castle on
Thursday. Among the guests present
were United States Embassador Runyon
and Mrs. Runyon, M. Herbette, French
Embassador, and Mme. Herbette; M. de
Szogyeny, Austrian Embassador, and
Mme. de Szogyeny, arid Count Lanza di
Busca, Italian Embassador, and his Count
ess. Sir Frank Lascelies, British Embas
sador, was absent owing to the death of
Prince Henry of Battenberg, and the se
ries of receptions at the British embassy
has been abondoned.
A case affecting. Germans becoming
American citizens has just been decided
by the Supreme Court of the empire in
Leipsic. F. W. Boehme, a druggist, liv
ing in Brooklyn, N. V., and a native of
Leipsic, was sentenced by a lower court to
pay a fine of 200 marks for emigrating to a
foreign country without having fulfilled
his term of military service. He appealed
through his father from the decision of the
court. 888
.The Supreme Court, in rendering its de
cision upon the appeal, finds thatßoehrae,
as a duly naturalized citizen of the United
States, could not .be punished for an act
committed through his emigration •to
America, but that he could be punished
for any act committed prior to his emigra
tion. The court therefore reversed the de
cision of the lower tribunal. If Boehme
had left the country to escape . military
service, the judgment of the Supreme
Court would have been different.
The art event of the past week has been
the production at the Berlin Theater of
Ernest Adam .yon Wildenbruck's new
drama, "King Henry." The play deals
with the period " of Pope Gregory and
King Henry's submission to the Pontiff
in going to Canossa. It is by all odds the
greatest * success a dramatist, has ever
achieved, and the appreciation of the au
dience was manifested by his being called
out a dozen times.
When he came upon the staee he
brought with him Manager Prasch.who had
mounted the play with great splendor and
at a great expense. A sequel to the play,
entitled "Kaiser Heinrich" will be pro
duced in February. - ">•
The American trotting horse-owner and
sportsman, A. H. Welsh Of Hartford,
Conn., has nominated Minnie D and Al
geric Queen for the spring two-in-hand
trotting race on the Berlin course.
Agents of the New York manufacturers
of a lightning stamping machine have ex
hibited to the German postoffice authori
ties a machine capable of stamping 500,
--000 letters an hour. It does not appear
that they have induced the postal officials
to adopt the machine, however, as the
latter still prefer to continue the practice
of stamping each letter by hand.
M. de Oliviera Lima, secretary of ! the
Brazilian legation here, has been ap
pointed first secretary of the Brazilian le
gation in Washington.
The King of Saxony, the King and
Queen of Wurtemberg, Princess Pauline
of Wurtemberg, the Grand Duke and
Duchess of Baden and the Duke of Saxe-
Coburg and Gotha will attend" the fetes
upon the occasion of the .tiniperor's birth
day on January 27. 7r*7 .7 ;
Hans Premier, manager of Flinsch's
paper-mills in Berlin, has absconded to
America with 50,000 marks of his employ
er's money. Besides his defalcation he
was a leading witness against Baron yon
Hamtnerstein, the absconding ex-editor of
the Kreuz Zeitung, who was recently ar
rested in Athens by a commissary of the
German police. It is suggested that Ham
merstein will now take advantage of
Premier's absence to blame him for the
forgeries of which Hammerstein is ac
cused.
Herr Woelfflur, the socialist leader of
Colmar, and until recently the editor of
the newspaper Der Sammler, published in
that town,, has committed suicide by
shooting himself with a revolver.
The Misses Rose and Ottilie Sutro, the
American musicians, have abandoned their
concert, which was to take place in the
Berlin Academy, owing to a death in their
family, and have started for their home in
California.
OBJECT TO BOSCH'S GIFT
Missouri College Students Want
to Return the Brewer's
Money.
Hoist the Beer Sign of Lemps in the
Chapel to Show Their Dis
approval.
CHICAGO, 111., Jan. 26.— A dispatch
from Springfield, Mo., says: Adolphus
Busch, the St. Louis brewer, was solicited
by President Fuller Drury College to
give $1000 to the Pearson endowment fund,
which he did. Then there was a gentle
protest against accepting it, and President
Fuller in open chapel denounced the pub
lication" of reports about the affair and paid
a high tribute to Mr. Busch. The latter
in the meantime instructed his agent here
to investigate and see if his gift was op
posed, and if so to withdraw it.
Friday night a secret meeting of stu
dents was held and a committee ap
pointed to visit President Fuller, express
their disapproval of the gift, and ask him
to call a mass-meeting of the students.
This request was refused, but the students
met, anyway, and protested.
When the stndents went to chapel high
on the ceiling was seen the beer sign of W.
J. Lemp, and under the flaming letters
the words, "Put me down for $1000, too."
Mr. Busch will probably withdraw his
gift. , . • •
IRISHMEN PLEDGE AID.
Efforts Will Re Made to Secure the Re
lease of Political Prisoners.
NEW YORK, N. V., Jan. 20— A meet
ing of the municipal council of the Irish
National Alliance was held to-night, to
consult as to the best means of raising a
fund to support the families of the Irish
political j prisoners. W. J. Balfe presided.
Resolutions were adopted pledging tne
support of the alliance, both moral and
material, to the movement in favor of the
release of the Irish prisoners, and promis
ing assistance to their suffering families.
A preliminary amnesty meeting will be
held to-morrow at which Thomas F. Egan,
the delegate from the Amnesty Association
of Great Britain and Ireland, will make an
address. .. "
Plunged to His Death.
DANVILLE, 111., Jan. 26. — Blame
Lynch, 18 years of age, committed suicide
last night by jumping down a coal shaft
200 feet deep. He had been caught robbing
his father's store. At the top of the shaft
a note was found which said: "You will
find my body at the bottom of the shaft
and I will meet you skating in hades!"
CLEVELAND'S MESSAGE LAUDED.
Colombians Express Their Approval of
This Government's Attitude.
COLON, Colombia, Jan. 26.— Tranquillity
has been restored in the province of Bar
ranquilla, and the state of siege proclaimed
there a few days ago has been raised.
At a banquet given in Bogota to the
American and Venezuelan Ministers the
former declared that President Cleveland's
message to the American Congress on the
Monroe doctrine as applied to the Anglo-
Venezuelan boundary dispute voiced the
sentiment of 70,000,000 freemen.
The banquet was made the occasion for
a great public demonstration in honor of
the United States.
Castle Talnoje Destroyed.
WARSAW, Russia, Jan. 26. — Castle
Talnoje, near Kieff, the residence of Gen
eral Count yon Schouvaloff, Governor of
Warsaw, has been destroyed by fire. ■ The
valuable paintings and curios in the cas
tle were all lost.
A Cure for Cholera.
■, BERLIN, Germany, Jan. 26.— Leip
ziger Nachrichten says that Dr. Behring
has discovered an anti-cholera serum .and
announces that a public demonstration of
its properties will , be made at an early
date.
Mrs. Drews Honored.
BERLIN, Germany, Jan. 26. — Mrs.
Dickens * Drews, who is now engaged in
Leipzig, has been .awarded the gold medal
for art -by the Duke of Saxe-Coburg and
Gotba.
NEW TO-DAT CLOTHING
A
Masterly
'■MMiaMlH^^
yy ;■ . ... ■■ ■ \. ■ : . - ' ";. •
Challenge!
Applauded by the buying pub-
lic. The Big Store scores an-
other big point over its imitating
competitors. _^ _ .-^^-^
Our competitors won't put up,
but our Challenge Prices have
made 'em shut up.
For the third time in the history of the
Big Store we have issued a challenge, but "
this is really the greatest of all challenges
that we have ever issued to competing
houses in San Francisco. This time we
make it broad; we make it to the entire
Pacific Coast. 7.
To show up a class of goods as big an
assortment, as fashionable fabrics, as clev-
erly tailored fabrics, as high-class gar-
ments as we're offering during this Chal-
lenge Sale, at
.■.-.:■' Despite the heavy rains of Saturday,
when all the elements combined with our
, competitors to defeat the purpose of mak-
ing the inaugural day of our great chal-
lenge one of the biggest days in the history
of the Big Store, the people came out in all
the heavy rain, came out in throngs,
• crowded the aisles, crowded them to such
an extent that at one time we were com-
pelled to close our doors so as to insure
safety to those within the Big Store. This
is not buncombe; this is not exaggeration.
Hundreds will attest to the truth of it.
To give yon a little clearer lip*ht on this
Challenge Sale every year, to demonstrate
our strength and our underselling abili- ' .*
ties, we issue a challenge to our com-
petitors. . ' ,
We take nearly a floor of eoods, the
very choicest goods— not cheap stuff, made . " «
up for cheap sales— and place 'em in our
window. We put a Challenge Price on
'em. „We say to our competitors: Here
are our goods under the light of day; 7.' '-'''
equal 'em if you can.
So far none of 'em have put up, but they *
have all shut up, and some of 'em will shut
up with the aid of a municipal officer.
The best ideas of our very cleverest tai-
lors are embodied in the suits and over-
coats offered during this sale. Garments
for originality, for neatness, for dressiness
in appearance, cannot be equaled by the
best tailors, the highest-priced tailors in
7 . America.
;7 .7 The fabrics are all the very newest in
those staple dressy fabrics, the very latest
colorings, in Scotches, neat Plaids, Pin
Checks, such suits that your tailor would
charge $40 to make. Your pick from
, - nearly a floor of Suits, Overcoats and
Ulsters at the challenge price of
$9.00.
There'll not be many days of it; it will
':.•' 7 be just a passing show, beautiful and bril-
-1 liant while it lasts, but not for long.
RAPHAEL'S
(INCORPORATED).
Frisco's Biggest and Most Popular Store,
9- 11, 13., 15 Kearny St;. : .
Our LONG STORM COATS.
Our LONG ULSTERS.
Our Very Clever LONG OVERCOATS.
Our Long Storm Coats and Ulsters are
made from those good, sturdy Friezes and
Kerseys, in rich shades of Blue and Ox-
ford Mixtures, with Fancy Worsted Lin-
ings.
There are in this challenge offer gar-
ments that you can't find their equal in
town under $15.
Challenge price,
$9.00.
Not for long— for a few days.
Can 't stand prices like that for long,
but just to make the other fellows
put up or shut up; thus far they've
shut up.
WM
Our FINE KERSEY OVERCOATS, the
Coats that have made such a great reputa-
tion for us during the season, in blues,
blacks, tans, Oxford mixtures, steel grays
— such garments as have been sold up as
high as $18, in long and medium lengths —
high-class garments, garments that made
our reputation for Overcoats known all
over the Pacific Coast.
These Fashionable Garments are in the
challenge at
$9.00.
Just to make the other fellows
put up, but they have shut up; they
know they cannot equal the values.
y < &
There is a time in the affairs of business,
when a house wishes to demonstrate its
strength and power, that unusual things
are done, unusual prices are named. This
is one of those unusual occasions, and we
are offering such suits as you see in the
picture above, such a class of garments as
"do not find their places on the bargain
table. . yy : 7
They are high-class fabrics. These suits
represent the very newest and most
fashionable cut of garments— Sacks, single
and double breasted, Cutaways in the new
English frock, and the regular staid Three-
Button Cutaway— some awfully clever
Suits; Suits that can't find their like in
this city under $18.
' Challenge price, '
$9.00.
. Our competitors won't put up, but
we have made 'em shut up.
RAPHAEL'S
(INCORPORATED).
9, 11, 13 AND 15
Kearny Street.
TWO ENTIRE BUILDINGS.
EIGHT FLOORS:
34
A SCHWEINFURTH
AT SALT LAKE
Israel Dennis and His So-
Called Heaven" Come
to Grief.
CAUGHT AFTER FLIGHT.
Husbands of Women Whom He
Victimized Cause His
Arrest.
HE HAD POSED AS A DEITY.
Fled With Three Female Converts,
but Was Captured and
Brought Back.
SALT LAKE, Utah, Jan. 26.— About six
months ago a man named Israel F. Dennis
appeared in Salt Lake from nobody knows
where. He claimed to be an incarnation
of the Deity and to be the possessor of all
the attributes of the Almighty.
He was looked upon as a harmless crank
and nobody paid much attention to him
at first. He erected a large tent in the
outskirts of the city and commenced
preaching, and after a time drew consid
erable audiences, chiefly of the more ig
norant class.
Dennis taught that he had come as the
ravior of mankind and a peculiar tenet of
his doctrine was that thousands of women
should set themselves apart or be spirit
ually sealed to him.
He did not succeed in getting women in
the numbers that he wished, but it now
appears that he duped quite a few, and
several married women without the knowl
edge of their husbands became converts to
hi? faith.
Investigation by the officers of the law
shows that Dennis had established a little
colony patterned after that of the notori
ous Schweinfurth of Rockford, 111. He
had a dozen or more women who either
lived with him or visited very frequently
at his place, and the affair lias grown to
tbe proportions of a public scandal.
On Saturday a warrant for Dennis' ar
rest was issued on a serious charge upon
information laid by W. T. Robinson, who
avers that Dennis has robbed him of his
wife. He was accused of other offenses, in
connection with which married women
were mentioned.
Dennis fled with Mrs. Robinson, a Mrs.
Vivian and his own wife. They were cap
tured at Manti. about thirty miles from
this city, to-night, brought back and placed
in juil. Dennis denies the charges, says
his kingdom is a spiritual one and that he
is establishing a celestial heaven on earth.
THE SACRAMENTO RAGING.
Breaks in the Levees That May
Divert the River From
Its Channel.
The Yolo Basin Bank Full and a
Swift Current Is Still
Rushing In.
SACRAMENTO, Cat.., Jan. 26.-E. E.
Leake, Commissioner of Public "Works,
and Engineer Pearson, with party of other
gentlemen, made a trip up the Sacra
mento River to-day as far as the mouth of
the Feather River in a naphtha launch for
the purpose of examining the breaks in
the levees. It was found that near Ver
non, where the worst break exists, an
enormous volume of water is leaving the
river and is flowing through the Yolo
basin.
At this point not only are the levees
pone entirely, but the water has cut
through to the bedrock and is wearing a
channel into the tules which, if not
checked, will eventually result in the Sac
ramento River being almost entirely di
verted from its channel and put a stop to
navigation, as in the Yolo basin the water
spreads over such a wiuth of territory that
it would be simply impossible to get depth
enough for traffic steamers to ply.
Out in the Yolo basin the water is higher
than it has been in years and is flowing in
a current fully a rapid as the body of
water in the river proper. To a certain
extent the breaks in the levee have as yet
acted beneficially, inasmuch as they have
served as a conduit for the extra water in
the river, and in this way have averted all
danger from a levee overflow in this local
ity or flood to the city. "77 .
Nor has the damage to the reclaimed
lands up and down the river as yet been
great, but owing to the fact that the Yolo
basin has as much water as it : can con
veniently retain if the present storm con
tinues there can be no possible doubt but
that the frail back levees which protect
the reclaimed districts must give way and
that will mean untold damage and dis
aster.
It is stated . that a warm rain is falling'
high up in the snow belt and that the
snow is melting rapidly. This will in
crease the volume of "water in the Feather
River which has been receding the past
few days and again tend to obstruct rail
road traffic, and will also insure great
damage to the reclaimed districts.
MINING BOOM AT PLACERVILLE.
Gold Washed Oxit Everxjwhere by the Tot
rents—Excited Citizens. : - *
PLACERVILLE, Cat.., Jan. 26.-The
rainfall of the season reaches twenty-five
inches. To-night it is pouring in torrents.
The temperature is sixty degrees.
The rain has been a boon not only to
ranchers and miners, but to individuals
by scores, who during cessation of the
rains are scrapine gravel from the * wagon
tracks in the -sloping streets of the town
and gathering fine and coarse gold.
On the road north to Kelsey men pan
ning from -the ruts of highways realize
from four to twelve bits per day, "
On the road south through Diamond
Springs and El Dorado and on the road
from Diamond, by and beyond the Larkin
mine, following quartz seams and stringers,
men are panning from the road tracks and
road ditches as much as $3 per day.
The proposition is again renewed ask
ing leave to work the main street of Placer
ville, offering to. macadamize it in lieu of
the ground to be carted away and washed
for the gold it contains.
All outgoing roads in every direction
are lined with whites, Chinese and negroes,
searching and finding gold in the wagon '
tracks found after the-heavy rains. Ex
citement runs high and the gold craze
growing among men, women and children
of Placerville and vicinity is recalling the
days of forty-nine.
RAINFALL AT MILL VALLEY.
The Record for One Hay, as Shown by the
Rain Gauge, 66.
MILL VALLEY, Cal., Jan. 26.—
rainfall at this place is unusually heavy
and the creeks are rising considerably.
The wind has been blowing at a terrible
rate and the roads are in wretched condi
tion. The rainfall for one day last week
was 2.00' as shown by the raingauge on the
premises of the Tamalpais Land and
Water Company.
SHOWERS AT SAN JOSE.
Orchardists and Grain Raisers Satisfied
for the Present.
SAN JOSE, Cal.. Jan. 25.— 1t began
raining about 3 o'clock this morning and
continued showering until about. 11
o'clock, .33 of an inch having fallen, y/'/z
This makes a total of 7.22 inches for the
season, against 17.13 inches to the same
date last season. '/"T T"
Orchardists and grain farmers from all
portions of the county report a sufficient
rainfall for all present purposes. Nearly
all the seeding had been done prior to the
late storm, and the rain will bring it for
ward in great shape. .4:7.4
The streams are full of water, and irri
gation ditches can be operated to their
full capacity. Many people who had in
tended to plant new" orchards had become
quite discouraged, but they feel all right
now and have commenced planting. Ev
erybody in the country districts are per
fectly satisfied with the condition of
things at the present date.
CRIME AT SACRAMENTO.
Fatal Termination of a Mas
querade at the William
Tell House.
One Man Killed, Another Shot in the
Leg and a Third in Jail
Charged With Murder.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Jan. 26.— There
was a sad ending to a night's revelry in
this city this morning and the result is
that Hugo Klaas occupies a marble slab
in the morgue, Joseph Hedeger is suffer
ing from a bullet wound in the left leg,
and John Hurley, one of the most popular
young men around town, is locked up in
the city prison, slated for murder.
Last night the proprietors of the William j
Tell House, a German hotel on J street, !
tendered a masquerade ball to their I
friends and patrons and the dance j
continued until morning. About 6 j
o'clock a party of well-known young \
men, among whom were George
Hilbert, Ed Hilbcrt, Bert Ripley, Frank j
Stover and John Hurley, were invited to j
enter the hotel barroom by August Coolet, j
whose father owns the property, Cooiet I
making the remark, it is stated, that he
was expected to spend some money.
There were drinks ordered, over which, j
it is claimed, a dispute started, ending in I
a free fight. The young men were ejected j
from the barroom, and being followed and j
hard pressed by some of the excited revel- j
ers, Hurley drew his revolver and began
shooting. '
He fired three times, the first bullet !
lodging in Hedeger's leg, the second i
passed through the door of the saloon
without hitting any one, while the third
passed through the door and struck Hugo j
Klaas, a boarder in the hotel who was
coming downstairs to breakiast, directly
in the center of the abdomen, severing the
intestines in ten places.
By this time Policemen Logue and
Hasans arrived and placed the party of
young men under arrest. Klaas was con
veyed to a private hospital, where he died
a few hours later. .
The unfortunate man was born in Ger
many and was 35 years of age.
He came to America several years ago
and was located in San Francisco, where
he married. Klaas was a cawgrinder by
occupation, and had separated from his
wife. He shortly afterward went to Kan
sas City, where he met a young woman |
named Fay Underwood, and on his return j
to Sacramento a correspondence ensued j
between them.'
"When Klaas received a paper stating !
that his wife had procured a divorce, ' he j
wrote and proposed to Miss Underwood
who accepted him. Yesterday Klaas re- '
ceived the following telegram :
Left Denver to-day. Sleet me in Sacramento
Wednesday at the depot. Fay Underwood.
Hurley is without doubt one of the most
popular young men in Sacramento, and
the jail has been crowded all day with a
multitude of friends who have called to
tender him their aid in his trouble.
SUNDAY MORNING FIGHT.
City Attorney Rrotcn Roughly Handled
by a Gang of Revelers.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Jan. 2d.— There
was a general fight at an early hour Sun
doy morning at the corner of Fourth and
X streets, and City Attorney J. Frank
Brown, who was going home from his
office, attempted to interfere and preserve
the peace.
While separating two of the combatants
he was seized from behind by others of the
crowd. He wrenched himself away and
drew his revolver and the crowd scattered
and ran.
A few seconds later the fight recom
menced and the City Attorney again in
terfered and commanded peace. Dur
ing his efforts to separate the men, Cook
stole his revolver from his pocket and one
of the bystanders informed Mr. Brown of
the fact. ypp-z/r-
At this moment Policeman Maley ar
rived and captured Cook. While endeavor
ing to lake the pistol from his possession
Cook threatened to shoot Maley and the
officer drew his own pistol and knocked
him down.
Cook and a companion who had been
captured by the attorney were conveyed
to the police station and charged with dis
turbing the peace.
• ♦
STABBED AND LACERATED.
Result of One Man Visiting Another's
Sister-in-Luw.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Jan. 26.— Nels
Carlson was stabbed in the left breast in
the region of the heart and had both his
hands severely cut this evening during a
fracas which occurred in the residence of
Isaac Pearson on Second, between P and
Q streets.. y
Carlson's story is that he has been in the
habit of visiting a sister-in-law of Pearson
and the latter objected to. his presence in
his residence.
This evening Carlson 7; called and was
sitting in the parlor chatting with . the
family when Pearson entered and with
the remark, "Yoivhere again V You' seem
to be living here altogether, ' r drew a knife
from his pocket and attacked Carlson.
At the first blow struck the knife: hit a
rib in the region of the heart and glanced,
otherwise Carlson would probably not be
alive to tell his story. *-
In the struggle which ensued Carlson's
hands % were fearfully lacerated. Pearson
was disarmed and placed under arrest by
Policeman ,Ash and Carlson's wounds
were dressed in the Receiving Hospital.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JANUARY 27, ISCC.
SANTA CLARA'S
BIG WRECK
Accident Blamable to the
* Narrow-Gauge Train's
Engineer.
STORY OF THE FIREMAN.
Kohlhoff, the Flagman, Gave the
Proper Signal, but Was
Not Heeded.
THE DISTANCE MISCALCULATED.
Stanley Thought He Could Cross, but
Discovered His Mistake When
Too Late.
■ '. . ■ ■
SAN JOSE, Cal., Jan. 26.—The crossing
of the broad and narrow-guage railroad
tracks at Santa Clara, where a part of Sat
urday's wreck was still in evidence, was
visited by throng*! of the curious to-day.
By daylight the tracks were all clear for
traffic, the wreckage having been removed
from the track by use 'of powerful der
ricks. The overturned signal box was still
where it had been thrown by the force of
the collision, but for some reason the
semaphore, whose iron arm pointed across
the narrow-gauge track at the time of the
accident, had been removed.
Ernest Kohlhoff, the flagman, was at his
usual place at the crossing, and went qui
etly about his duties. When asked to
make a statement he replied:
"You've had it already. 1 signaled the
narrow-gauge train to stop, hut instead of
stopping it came right on. Where the
engineer made his mistake I don't know."
The statement made by Kohlhoff con
tradicts the allegation that the flagman
made .contradictory signals. Kohlhoff
insists that be made but one signal to En
gineer Stanley of the narrow-gauge train
and that was for him to stop. Henry
Wetzel, fireman for Stanley on the narrow
gauge engine, made a statement to a per
sonal friend in Santa Clara that the flag
man gave the proper signal.
"Stanley thought he could make the
crossing," said Wetzel, ''and kept going
ahead. He soon saw that he couldn't
make it and tried to 'pull up, but it was
too late. As soon as I saw that the trains
were going to mix up I jumped off. The
engineer had plenty of opportunity to
jump, and I don't know why he didn't,
unless he thought that he could stop the
engine before it struck the other train."
C. C. Ingalls, the Gilroy orchardist, who
was injured internally by being thrown
against. a seat, was visited yesterday by
Dr. J. E. Trueman, one of the regularly
employed surgeons of the Southern Pa
cific Company. Dr. Trueman stated that
Ingalls' principal injury consists of the
laceration of the inner tissues of the abdo
minal wall. Serious complications may
result, but even under the most favorable
circumstances Ingalls will be confined to
his home for several weeks.
-. — ♦ —^—
ACCLIMATIZATION ASSOCIATION.
The First Annual Meeting of the Organ
izatiotua Great Success.
SAN JOSE, Cat.., Jan. 26.—The first an
nual meeting of the Central California Ac
climatization Association was held yester
day afternoon in Judge Lorigan's court
room, President F. E. Spencer presiding.
Secretary Mackenzie read the list of
members^ of the executive committees of
the various counties, showing that there
had been two additions and one change
since the original list was published. W.
H. Lawrence and George W. Lovie are
additional members of the San Mateo
committee, and Frank L. Robinson suc
ceeds A. P. Stanton on the Santa Cruz
committee.
The secretary's report showed that much
had been accomplished and altogether
was of an encouraging nature.
San Benito and Monterey counties were
admitted into the association, and the by
laws were amended so as to admit any
other county that desired to come in. It
is understood that Contra Costa County
has expressed a desire to join the organiz
ation.
The sum of $10 was appropriated to pur
chase such seed grasses as are the natural
food of the birds to be imported.
Game Warden Mackenzie stated that A.
C. Robinson, a dealer in San Francisco,
had presented the society with a few car
dinals and nightingales. "He also reported
that he would have $300 on hand by next
Wednesday. Of the list of birds to be se
| cured not one is destructive to fruit. All
i except two are songbirds. The exceptions
I are birds of fine plumage.
S. H. Farmer of Gilroy stated he had
! once secured thirty-five dozen Eastern
I quail from Tennessee, but they all died
off in a short time. He thought, however,
I that pheasants will do well in this section.
The adjournment was taken to meet at
the call of the president.
The number of pheasants in captivity in
{ this county at the present date is 125 pairs.
I There will be twenty-five more pairs im
i ported shortly, and all of the birds will be
j libeiated about the Ist of March.
FR UIT- GR WERS A CTI YE.
Call Issued for a Mass- Meeting to Dis
-77 ,v: cuss Needs of the Industry.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Jan. 26.— A mass
meeting of the fruit-growers of Santa Clara
county has been called to meet at Turn
Verein Hall on Saturday, February 8, for
the purpose of discussing ways and means
for extending the market and creating a
demand for Santa Clara County" fruit pro
ducts;-- ' ....*'
The call, which is signed by a large num
ber of prominent fruit-growers, says:
The necessity of earnest, deliberate
efforts in the line of market extension is
conceded by ail intelligent fruit-growers.
In 1895, with a crop below an average
for the bearing acreage, with no for
eign competition, with an export de
mand of some magnitude, and fruit
of the best quality ever produced by us,
the supply appears to. be amply suffi
cient to meet the wants of trade and con
sumption. It is believed by many, and it
is approximately true, that but one-half
of the: planted acreage is in bearing. It
must be remembered that the prune crop
of 1894 was more than three times as large
as that of 1890, and that of 1897 or 1898
will be three times that of 1894, or upward
Of 100,000,000 pounds.
AN INSOLVENT LUMBERMAN.
John A. Byxbee Fails ' for ' Over Six
Thousand Dollars.
.SAN JOSE/ Cal., Jan. John F.
Byxbee, a resident ;of : this city and a
lumber-dealer in San Francisco, yesterday
afternoon, petitioned the ; Superior Court
to be declared an 7 insolvent debtor.
The liabilities- amount -to $6080 93, of
which $1500 is due to the North Pacific •
Lumber Company of Portland, Or. $1000
to H. P. Riddle of Eureka. Humboldt
county ; $750 to Robert G. Byxbee of Fruit
vale; $720 94 to O. Olsen of Eureka, and
$470 to J. W. Wasson of San Francisco.
The remainder is due , on lumber and
promissory notes for small amounts to
numerous firms doing business in this
State. The assets consist of real estate
located in three counties valued at $9000,
and subject to mortgages amounting to
$3500. :\'* ,
A TTEMPTED HOLD- UP.
Four Footpads Attempt to Rob C. C.
Hartzell, but Were Unsuccessful. /yyA
SAN JOSE, Cal., Jan. 26.— Four foot
pads attempted to hold up C. C. Hartzell
at the corner of Ninth and Reed streets
last evening about 7 :30 o'clock. Mr. Hart
zell, who resides at the corner of Lucretia
avenue and Stony road, was driving a
heavily loaded wagon, and as he neared the
place the four men approached him and
commanded him to holdup his hands, one
of the men catching hold of the horses
and stopping them. Mr. Hartzell struck
the footpad over the head with the stock of
a heavy whip. One of the other men made
a lunge at Hartzell with a pointed stick,
piercing bis clothing, but doing no more
damage than to make a slight scratch.
Hartzell then whipped up his horses and
escaped.
ZIEGLER, THE BICYCLIST.
He Accepts a Proposition to Go to Coronado
and Try for Records.
SaN JOSE, Cal., Jan. 26.— 0tt0 Ziegler,
the champion bicyclist, this morning ac
cepted a proposition from Manager
Shaffer of the Syracuse team to go to
Coronado for two weeks and try for
records. * AAp/'ii
Ziegler stated to-day that the accept
ance of the proposition to go Coronado
might be regarded as his acceptance of the
proposition made by the Syracuse team
management to sign for next season. He
will leave Monday for Coronado. •
Ziegler will jro for records against Ed
wards and others of the Steams team.
Charley Wells and Billy Hamilton of Den
ver will be Ziegler's racing mates. There
is a quad outfit with the Syracuse team to
do pacing, and the "Little Demon" ex
pects to make some new records. ■ -.'.!*
THE JUDSON ESTATE.
Petition to Continue the Family Allow
ance of $250, a Month. Ap/P-'i \
SAN JOSE, Cal., Jan. 26.— E11a A. Jud
son, administrator of the estate of Henry
C. Judson, has petitioned the Superior
Court to continue the family allowance of
$250 until May 1, 1897. The • petitioner
states that she has been unable to com
plete the administration of the estate, but
believes it can be settled and closed in fif
teen months.  ./pyy-Pp,
The estate is appraised at $124,951 70, and
brings in an annual income of $0000. The
debts of the estate do not exceed $5000.
The heirs are the widow and one daughter,
Charlotte D. Jndson, aged 17 years.
A petition to confirm sales of personal
property to the amount of $1232 50 was
also filed.
THE HOLLEY DIVORCE.
Report of Commissioner Montgomery on
the Testimony Taken.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Jan. 26.—Commis
sioner Montgomery to-day filed his report
of the testimony taken in the suit of
Fanny H. Holley against Daniel Holley
on the ground of desertion. They were
married in this city on May 12, 1887, and
lived together for one year, at the end of
which time HolJey deserted his wife.
Holley had spent the major portion of
his life on cattle ranges as a vaquero and
his wife could give no other reason for his
unceremonious departure than that he
found city life distasteful and preferred
the rough lite of a cow-puncher. There
are no children and no community prop
erty, and all the wife asks is an absolute
divorce.
BALLS FERRY HOMICIDE
Rancher Lansdale of Shasta
• County Shot From Ambush
and Killed.
Slain Without Warning While Riding
Along the Road With a Com
panion.
REDDING, Cal., Jan. 26.— A message
was received by the Coroner, Joseph H.
Earnest, yesterday evening, stating that a
man was drowned at Balls Ferry, a small
village on the Sacramento River in the
southern part of this county and about
eight miles from Anderson and twenty
miles from this place. . "77: 7
On reaching there the Coroner found
that Pope Landsdale, who lives near Balls
Ferry, had been shot by George M. Wright,
who lives in Tehama County, just across
the line of this county and about two
miles south of Balls Ferry. On learning
the facts he sent a messenger to this city
for the officers. >' v 7**
The facts of the killing as related by the
messenger are: Landsdale and a young
man named George Riggans were riding
along the highway leading out of Balls
Ferry to the south. While about a mile
from town and while passing a barn near
the road Wright, who was secluded in the
barn, shot at Landsdale several times with
a Henry rifle, literally riddling his body.
He then told Riggans that he had a no
tion to shoot him, for being with Lands
dale, but Riggans rode away and was not
attacked. 777 77/
Landsdale was well known throughout
this county, being a man of considerable
means, but of a hard character. He leaves
a widow and large family of grown-up chil
dren. He owned considerable stock and
property, and was noted for being engaged
in many lawsuits. Though not a lawyer
he often pleaded his own cases. It is said
that he once killed a man in Tehama
County. ":<■'' .; -y
Wright is a resident of Tehama County,
and little is known of him here. It is said
that he goes by the name of "Three-fin
gered George." Constable M. Eidridge
left for Balls Ferry evening to take
charge of the murderer.
Two Prisoners Taken to Folsom.
REDDING, Cal., Jan. 26.— John W.
Wooden and Mose Sisk were taken to Fol
som Prison last night by Sheriff Houston
and Under Sheriff Fader. Wooden was
convicted of an assault to commit robbery
on Anson Sebring, at that time a deputy
constable. He was sentenced by Judge
Sweeny yesterday to three years. Sisk
was convicted of an assault with a deadly
weapon on J. R. Randall and sentenced to
one year. ; ./,./" 7/ ? /',', --
PACIFIC GROVE ACCIDENT.
A Stray Horse Nearly Causes the Derail-
ing of a Train.
PACIFIC GROVE, Cal., Jan. 26.—Yes
teraay seems to have been an unlucky day
for the Southern Pacific on the coast di
vision of that road. *
The Del Monte express that was wrecked
by running into the narrow-gauge train at
Santa Clara came near being derailed be
tween this place and Monterey at 9:30
o'clock last evening. y:y..A
A horse belonging in the neighborhood
had managed in some \ way to pass the
cattleguard and stray upon the track. \% It
was struck by the * locomotive, its ; legs
broken and was thrown from the track and
killed.
SAN RAFAEL`S
BOLD WRAITH
Haunts the County . . Jail
and Terrifies the
Inmates.
WILLIAM ARGO'S SPIRIT.
Seats Itself Upon the Edge of the
Prisoners' Bunks and
Watches.
.
STARTLED BY AN APPARITION.
Lee Doon, a Condemned Murderer,
Claimed He Saw the Ghost Almost
Every Night.
. SAN RAFAEL, Cal., Jan. 26.— There is
a ghost which haunts the courthouse and
particularly the county jail, which is situ
ated in the basement of Marin County's
temple, of justice. The apparition made
its appearance this week and terrified
Emilio Morales who occupies on of the
cells in the jail.
Morales is one of the half-breeds who
robbed Megetti & Cheta's store at Mar
shall and is being held to answer before
the Superior Court for burglary.
Friday morning when Sheriff Henry
Harrison unlocked the cell in which
Morales was confined he found the half
breed in a terrified state, with beads of
persoiration standing upon his forehead
and speechless with fright.
| Morales said that ho had seen the ghost
and he threatened to commit suicide if the
Sheriff put him in tbe same cell again.
The strange part of the circumstance lies
in the fact that Morales has never been in
the jail before and has never heard of the
stories about the courthouse ghost.
It seems that some years ago a man
named William Argo, discouraged and
disheartened at the idea of going to San
Quentin, hanged himself in the cell that
Morales occupied, and ever since , that
time the spirit of William Argo returns to
terrify the poor hobo who may be locked
up in the haunted jail.
At one time the ghost appeared nightly,
but gradually his visits grew less fre
quent, and for about a year he did not turn
up, until he paid Morales a visit.
James H. Wilkins, Marin County's mem
ber of the Assembly, says: "I remember
well the effect the specter bad on Lee
Doon, the convicted murderer of W. M.
Shenton. "When he was first sentenced to
be hanged he disliked the idea of it ex
tremely, as most every one does, and it
seemed almost impossible to brace him up.
"Sheriff Harrison dropped in four or five
times a day to give him the glad hand and
assure him that it would be over in a min
ute, without cheering him in the slightest.
I'inot of the Parisian House brought him
the choicest efforts of the French cuisine,
but he pushed aside the untasted dishes
and said he wasn't hungry.
"Under Sheriff Fallon dropped in and
asked him to write his name in his auto
graph album of eminent personages, but
the ungracious Mongol merely told him
to !go to the devil. Then Coroner Eden
called and measured him for the finest
coffin that money could buy, and even
that didn't comfort him. He was the
hardest man to encourage that the officers
ever had anything to do with.
"Ail of a sudden, however, Argo's ghost
began making calls on the condemned
man and then he straightway took a
different view, of mortality. '-, He even
asked the Sheriff if he couldn't hurry
things up a little.
"He told that official that the apparition
seated itself on his bunk every night and
worried and tormented him so with its
speechless vigil, that he nearly went crazy
by daybreak. When the fatal time arrived
Lee Doon was perfectly ready to go." ;*-;'
SAN A.NSELMO POACHERS.
Salmon Are Being Speared in the Marin
Coxtnty Creeks.
SAN RAFAEL, Cal., Jan. 26.— Salmon
are being speared in the creeks near San
Anselmo and a communication will prob- #
ably be sent to the ' Fish Commissioners'
calling their attention to the fact.£-?> r V
The greater amount of this spearing,
which is against the law, is being done in
Lagunitas Creek and a great many fish are
being caught. It is thought that the offi
cers will take some action to prevent the
illegal work from going on. #
SONOMA COUNTY'S OUTPUT
Canneries and Wineries of Wind
sor and Healdsburg Are
Nearly Empty.
Heaviest Shipments of the Season
Made From Those Towns
• Last Saturday.
HEALDSBURG, Cal., Jan. 26,—
heaviest canned goods shipment of the
season .was made from the Russian River
cannery in this place yesterday, when
eleven carloads were started East.
This last shipment makes a total for the
year of fifty-two carloads, and moves all
the pack of 1895. It has been many years
since the canneries of this town have been
so empty. Not over 500 cases out of a total
of 80,000 packed last season remain un
sold." ' T 4'TAyJ./Tp- r /.. ■/;'' A. . -.7/--
Last spring when the canneries opened
for business much of the pack of 1894 re
mained unsold, and as a result operations
were lighter than usual. .
This spring both canneries will be en
larged, so that a busy .year 7i*-, looked for.
The greater portion of , the fruit ; produced
in this district in 1895 was dried, and
much yet remains unsold. -**■*,
.J. D. Bosch, manager of the i California
Wine Association's plant at Wind
sor, *in this county, informed a Call
representative to - day that;, heavy ship
ments of sweet wine would be made from
now on; and that by the : next wine-mak
ing season; every gallon of ; wine in; the
mammoth cellars will be moved. - .-
From ope to four carloads of wine are
shipped from Northern Sonoma every day,
much of which is going to Eastern cities^
and all sold at advanced prices.
The result of the improvement in the
wine business is noticeable on all sides.
New vineyards are being planted and old
ones grafted to resistants. The demand
for vineyard lands is picking up and
several real estate transfers are reported.
BIG RUN OF SALMON.
Warm Springs Creek Near Healdsburg, \
■ Literally. Alive With Them.
HEALDSBURG, Cal., Jan. 26. —Ed j
Jagoe, who came .in from his Skaggs |
Springs ranch this morning, says that
salmon are running up Warm Springs \
Creek in large numbers.
Mr. Jagoo said: "I had to ford the j
stream eight times in coming to town, and
at every crossing I could see large num
bers of salmon splashing in the waters. •
• "At Big Falls you could see them leap
ing about trying to get over. If I had
tried I could have captured many."
Farmers living along the mountain
streams all tell the same story. • They say
the run of salmon is the heaviest in years.
The arrest of Healdsburgers for violating
the fish ordinance has resulted in stopping !
seining and gigging of salmon, so that
trout will be plentiful this season.
FLOODS AT HEALDSBURG.
Bridges and Roads in the District Con- j
■ siderably Damaged.
HEALDSBURG, Cal., Jan. 26.— The re
cent heavy rains have done considerable
damage to roads and bridges in this dis
trict. 7'"7f .'■ '■-,
The Stewart's Point road has caved in in
many places, and it is reported to-day that
the board bridge crossing Dry Creek, ten
miles north of here, has gone out. This
bridge was destroyed by the high water
last winter and was rebuilt in the same
place against the protest of a large num
ber of taxpayers.
THE JUNTA IS STIRRING.
Preparations for the Primary to
Elect the New Com
mittee.
Arrangements to Be Made To-Night by
Those in Charge of the
Election.
. Things are livening up in the Junta. As
the impending dissolution of the present
general committee approaches there is be
ginning to be some interesting speculation
upon the probable results of the primary
in the latter part of next month. It is a
sort 'of pleasurable speculation, too, for
the junta people are not greatly concerned
about anything in the line of disturbing
incidents. They appear to have settled
down with the assurance that the only
possible changes in the present committee
will not exceed in numbers the strength
of a district delegation. By seme mis
chance they admit the number might run
over twenty-five, but it cannot reach be
yond thirty. If the prediction be credited
the general committee will be pretty much
the same after the primary as it is now.
Secretary McGovern was busy last night
mailing cards to the gentlemen on the
primary committee and to the chairmen
and secretaries of the district clubs. The j
primary committee is to meet in the Flood
building to-night. There are twenty-five ;
of them, eighteen representing as many
districts and others selected at large. They
will determine upon a date for the primary
election for members of a new general
I committee and in a general way make
arrangements for the holding of it. It has
already been suggested that the date for
the primary be February 24, ana it is quite
likely, that the committee will act upon
that suggestion. •.. .. ,X-
The meeting of chairmen and secretaries
of , the district organizations has been
ordered for to-morrow night. The idea in
having these officers come together is to
more completely perfect arrangements for
the primary. The action of the district of
, ficers will depend entirely upon the work
done by the primary committee to-night.
This committee's report will be received,
and from the recommendations in it some
line of concerted operation will be decided
upon. It is probable that the committee
will decide to request Denman and Wellin,
the former Election Commissioners, to
name the officers of election for the dis
tricts. It was understood that they should
do this part of the work when they be
came members of the commission, and
now, though they are out of it, the Junta
id desirous that they confer such a favor.
The headquarters of the Junta were not
abundantly filled last night. Gavin Mo-
Nab was around rather early and chatted
with Secretary McGovern until Max Pop
per happened in. Colonel Sullivan and
Sammy Braunhart were expected, but they
failed to get around. Popper and McNao
had a long talk over the arrangement of
details for primary successes, and that was
about all the Democratic party of San
Francisco did in the Flood building last
night. ;A,;7 7 : y zT/;/^
The members of the primary committee
which is to meet to-night are as follows,'
in the order of their districts, beginning j
with the Twenty-eighth: T. A. Itottanzi,
August Tillman, T. Fitzoatrick, ' James
Ginty, Frank Lester, George Godfrey,
George E. Gallagher, James F.. Smith, A.
D. Lemon, Joseph E. O'Donnell, G. How
ard Thompson, A. T. Vogelsang, M. C.
Hassett, Eugene Deuprey, J. A. Lynch,
George T. Marye, L. V. Merle, C. Barbour.
The members at large are: W. P. Sulli
van Jr., James F. Butler. James D. Phe
ian, J. B. Lenstein, A. A. Watkins, Frank
Hughes and Milton S. Latham.
NEW to-day:
Tons of Gold
Were captured by the Spaniards in the
beautiful city of the Incas, but Peru's
greatest treasure was still hidden in hex
forests— l. e„ Peruvian Bark, the prin-
cipal ingredient of the famous
Peruvian Bitters
The only never-failing remedy against
malarial fevers, colds, etc.; a perfect
tonic and nervine; a prompt reliever of
dyspepsia, heartburn and sluggishness
of any of the digestive functions.
MACK SS CO., San Francisco. All
druggists and dealers. ;
The most certain and safe Pain Remedy. Instantly
relieves and soon cares all Colds, Hoarseness, Sore
Throat, Bronchitis, Congestions . and Inflaiuma
tions. 50c per bottle, sold by Druggists.
LIFE'S J.ESSON J
Teaches Yon and Teaches All That j
Mistakes Are Made and Errors
Most Be Corrected. , j
 . ■ — ' • 'X
If yon have erred in youth, if you hard
dissipated in early manhood, if you have |
misused your liver or kidneys you should j
begin to put away false notions of pride and "j
make yourself a man complete. If you wish
to begin on the right path use the Great I
Hudyan. You can get it only from the J
Hudson Medical Institute. Hudyan cures I
certain forms of lingering, wasting dis- \
eases. Hudyan cures nervous debility, j
nervous exhaustion and nerve losses.
Hudyan cures certain forms of constipa-
tion, liver and kidney troubles. Hudyan
is a specific and must be carefully used.
It is harmless, but to have the best results
care must be taken in the using of the
great Hudyan.
Send for circulars and testimonials of the
great Hudyan. . 7-- •-.• /, ****" J
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE, i
TAINTED BIOOD- Impure blood, dus I
to seriouß private disorders, carries myriads of 1
Bore-producing germs. Then come sore throat, g
pimples, copper-colored spots, ulcers in mouth, ft
old sores and falling hair. You can save a trip I
to Hot Springs by writing for "Blood Book" to |
the old physicians of the Hudson Medical In- I
stitute, Stockton, Market and Ellis streets.
LIVER- your liver la affected you
may feel blue, melancholy, Irritable and easily
discontented. You will notice many symptoms
that you really have and many that you really
do not have. You need a good liver regulator,
and this you should take at once. You can got
it from us. Write for book on liver troubles,
•'All About the Liver," sent free.
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
Stockton, Market and Ellis Sts.
KIDNEY Remedies are now sought for by
many men, because so many men live rapid
lives— use up their kidneys. If you wish to
! have your kidneys put in good order send fot
our Kidney Regulator, or better, learn some-
thing about your kidneys and how to make tha
test. Tha book, "A Knowledge of Kidneys,"
Bent free. •:•';
Hudson Medical Institnte
Stockton, Market and Ellis Sts., I
SAN FRANCISCO. CAL. ■
I .
Sg§l||jlllig&jß
fflfOvd 1
: Drink j
J Thafs what Ghirardelii-s f
9 Cocoa is. It gives to dyspeptics 0
t) the greatest amount of nour- 4
A ishment with least possible A
\ work for the digestive organs* *
work for the digestive organs. \
. It is to the well a preventative \
f of an overtaxed stomach ; de- F
f creasing the need for quantities if
!. of solid foods* ■^^^-^-j^J.J.Jt 4
The BEST Cocoa must fee A
(FRESH. Age, exposure, etc. a
causes loss of strength and \
nourishing qualities. Ghirar- r
4 delli _ is made HERE comes 4
d to you almost direct; j* is 4
a) FRESHEST, STRONGEST, a
\ 30 cups for 25 cts._*«^^^_*^ J
\ Ask for_*_*«^^«^«^o^«^«^ot ▼
Ghirardelli's _£ *
coco^ _* i
__ , , — . .
1
Signature Is" printed la r^jU
BLUE diagonally I iffl/^
across the f^-^drJ*! ?
OUTSIDE /l \r*^sL
wrapper/ i/ioPy^X
1/J / of every
A\T / bottle of
i'W r * / (the Original
if - If/ / and Genuine)
, fl y*/*t/ (Worcestershire
SAUCE
aJiTL %t_J
Aa a farther protection against
p. all imitations. ,*- '' '
f Agents tor the United States, j
JOHN DUNCAN'S SONS- N^Y. i
: : — ' ; ■ Vi
with instrument. 5 hi, £~ ac , les or Eyeglasses , )
.vp riorttyha l l ot^nVq^^ n e k lnv^lS•I 0,, • "H?" 1
been due to the merits of m "' 0 l ** ' aCCeM *"•
Office Hours— ia to _p. _, fcSUTRO FIRM FOR
FORECLOSURE
Surprised at Estee's Stand
in His Drafted
Memorial.
HE STOPPED TOO SHORT.
Says the Napa Statesman Was
Put on the Committee by
Courtesy.
TO CALL A MEETING TO-DAY.
The Mayor Expresses Himself Strongly
■ in Regard to the Duty of the
Executive.
"I named the committee to prepare a
memorial to Congress against re-funding
the railroad debt, and Mr. Estee was placed
upon it by courtesy."
It was Mayor Sutro who used these
words yesterday in a conversation on the
subject of memorials that have been pre
pared by members of the committee and
which were published yesterday morning.
"I have seen the three memorials," said
the Mayor, "and they are strong and care
fully prepared documents. That of Mr.
Estee is a strong argument, but it falls
short of the intent of the resolutions
adopted at the convention. That conven
tion in adopting the resolutions it did
meant what was conveyed irf them, and
that is opposition to the re-funding of the
railroad debt and in favor of the foreclos
tire of the mortgage. That was the wish
of the convention and it is the wish of
ninety-nine out of every hundred of the
people of this State— yes, the wish of nine
hundred and ninety-nine out of every
thousand.
"I am at a loss to understand the mo
tive that prompted Mr. Estee not to incor
porate that in the memorial he drew up.
It was his duty to incorporate it in accord
ance with those resolutions. You know
that I named the committee to prepare a
memorial to Congress against re-funding
the railroad debt and Mr. Estee was
placed upon it by courtesy.
"The memorial Mr. Estee prepared has
at the bottom of it the names of Caminetti,
Davie, Cannon and Gibson, but they did
not sign it. In fact nothing has been done
yet. No memorial has been signed by the
committee.
"To-morrow I shall call the committee
together and then the whole matter will
be discussed, and I shall take the stand
that the legislative branch of the Govern
ment has no right to act in the matter,
that it has no right to interfere in vested
rights and that that right rests only in the
judiciary. The Government of the United
States is divided into three branches— the
legislative, the judiciary and the executive. i
When the legislative branch has per
formed an act, there its duty ceases, so far
as that act is concerned. If there is any
question about that act it is not within
the power of the legislative body to review
its action, but it falls to the judiciary to
pass upon it, and it is the duty of the ex
ecutive to see that the judiciary passes
upon it.
"That Is exactly the position of this
railroad debt. The railroad cannot, or
will not, pay its debts and the mortgage
must be foreclosed. It is the duty of Presi
dent Cleveland to instruct the Attorney-
General to commence an action in fore
closure and in that way- bring the whole
matter before the judicial branch, so that
it may he determined by the highest
authority in the land; and the legislative
branch l mean Congress has nothing
whatever to say in the matter. In this
position I am supported by the opinions
of such men as Judge Woodworth, who
lor seventeen years was Chief Justice of
the Supreme Court of Pennsylvania; Ly
man Trumbull of Illinois and Edmunds
of Vermont and other attorneys as promi
nent as these. Why. there is not a lawyer
in the land who knows anything about
law who will not agree with these gentle
men. I have had experience in Washing
ton in regard to matters of this character
and know that Congress has no right
whatever to interfere.
"I repeat it," said the Mayor, emphati
cally, "the legislative branch of the Gov
ernment has no right to interfere with the
plain duty of the executive, which is to
order this matter brought before the ju
diciary. That is the stand I shall take at
the meeting to-morrow and which I shall
maintain to the end. At tbat meeting we
shall find out if the gentlemen named
signed or indorse Mr. Estee's memorial.
Caminetti and Gibson, I believe, are all
right in favor of foreclosure, but Estee
Davie and Cannon I think are endeavoring
to evade the purpose of the convention and
the unmistakable language of the resolu
tions.
"If Congress should act in this matter
and pass a measure giving relief to the
railroad it will do so in violation of the
constitution, and if it does that there
might as well be an end to government.
The people demand, and they have the
right to do so, that the railroad people like
any other people pay their debts to the
Government, and that if they do not do so
the law be invoked against them."
THE STORM AT THE BEACH
How the Bellowing Seals on the
Rocks Gave Warning of
Its Approach.
__________ »
Lightning, Thunder and Rain Surprise
Pedestrians— Sutro Elec
tric Road.
The Cliff House was opened for business
yesterday, but the formal opening has been
postponed until some time next month.
The men who have been selected to
operate the Sutro electric line have been
notified to report for duty at 6 o'clock this
morning. During the past week a number
of cars were run over the entire line and
everything was found to work in a satis
factory manner.
Respite the weather yesterday there was
an immense number of people at the beach
in the afternoon, drawn there by a desire
to see bow the ocean looks on a stormy
day. Those who were fortunate enough to
b«_on the broad porches of the newyjiQ
House between 3:15 and 5 o'clock, pro
tected from the wind and rain by the im
mense windows that surround them, wit
nessed an imposing spectacle.
Shortly after 3 o'clock the spectators
watching the seals on the rocks heard
their bellowing and then noticed them
hurriedly leave the rocks and leap into the
breakers that were rolling high against the
tall piles on which the kings and queens of
the deep had been rolling.
"That," said an elderly man who moved
about with a swaying gait and who had
the appearance of an old salt, "is a sign
that there's a storm a-coming, and pretty
blamed soon. When you see them crit
ters a-diving into the water you'd better
take in sail. It's a sure sign and beats
them fellers in the Mills building all hol
low."
As he was speaking the seals moved
waterward, theskv, which had been fairly
clear, darkened suddenly, there was a
blinding flash of lightning and a roar of
distant ~ thunder, the wind rose and the
high-crested waves chased one another
rapidly until they broke upon the shore or
lashed the rocks and sent their white
foam thirty or forty feet high.
A small coasting steamer was seen in
the distance ploughing through the angry
billows and making very slow headway
toward the Golden Gate. The darkness
increased, the ocean became obscured
from view by a heavy dark-gray foe and
there was another and more vivid flash,
quickly followed by another.
At that moment there were a hundred
people, men and women, on the grade that
leads to the cliff, moving to and from that
eminence, and the wind that was blowing
from the southwest made walking de
cidedly unpleasant. A few drops of rain
fell, and as ltjwas impossible to raise um
brellas there was a scurrying for the shel
ter of the new building and for the depot,
but before either could be reached the
storm broke in all its fur}', the force of the
wind increased, the rain came down from
all directions in great drops that struck
the face of the pedestrians with such force
they were compelled to close their eyes.
It was a blinding rain that fell with the
violence of hail, and was drenching, as the
unfortunates who were caught in it dis
covered. While this was heaviest the
lightning continueu to flash and there was
a peal of low rumbling thunder that con
tinued for fifteen seconds.
The 4 o'clock train that left the Park
and Ocean depot for the City carried away
the most thoroughly drenched load of
passengers ever seen on cars.
STORM ON THE FRONT.
A Heavy Downpour of Rain— Two
Ships Bound Westward Re
turn to Harbor.
The wind blew briskly from the south
east most all day yesterday, but the heavy,
continuous downpour of rain kept the bay
comparatively smooth. Toward night the
wind veered around to the westward, and
blew moderately from that direction dur
ing the night.
In the forenoon the British ship Law
hill was towed to sea by the tug Fearless.
When out between the heads the captain
of the ship not liking the looks of the
water, the falling barometer and the feel
ing of the 36-mile southeast wind, signaled
the tug to return. Captain Dan Haskell
reluctantly came around with his tow, and
steered for the harbor again.*. ; -7
The ship Clan McKenzie was abreast the
Presidio outward bound, towed by the tug
Active, and her captain seeing the Law
hill returning concluded to do likewise.
Both vessels were anchored in the stream.
FORT CANBY WAS "LOW."
The Storm Center Did Not Change,
So the Southwester
Raj-red.
Fort Cri*nhy . ne.Jr the mouth of the Co
lumbia River, notwithstanding its emi
nently respectable reputation through its
Governmental establishments, has de
veloped decidedly low traits of late. So
low indeed are they that the whole Pacific
j Slope has stood aghast and fallen into the
| convulsions of a gale by turns. This
"low" development of Fort Canby and
vicinity, however, is blamed by the
weather prophet for ail the trouble, be
cause it has kicked up terrific winds day
after day and drenched the coast with rain
storms.
"You see," explained that official of the
'■ Government, pointing at a chart covered
j with puzzling red, blue, black and green
I lines, "Fort Canby is low."
"And what of it?"
"We have those storms."
The forecaster added that it was more
I properly the barometer was away down
. with a bona-fide fit of the blues up at Fort
I Canby, and that meant the storm center
; was there. The "low" was vainly strug
i gling to pass in a southeasterly direction,
but there was a high pressure just beyond
the** Sierras which stopped barometric
junketing over the country.
So the meterological conditions remained
stationary almost from Saturday night to
the intense surprise and chagrin of the
weather prophet, who gave "unsettled
weather, with showers Sunday forenoon
and fresh southerly winds."
The low pressure changed unexpectedly
yesterday, and San Francisco came in for
another taste of a sou'wester laden with
about three-fourths of an inch of rain.
The thunderstorm was a surprise to the
Weather Bureau, and tho delicate instru
ments up there beat a tattoo on their
registers in recording a sudden change of
temperature and barometr : c pressure.
PEEL TO EXPLORE ALASKA
Latest Caper of the Jolly Young
Grandson of a Prime
Minister.
He Will Form a Company of English
men and Start Toward the
North Pole.
:7/-.-I.L_
Roland Danvers Peel, M.D., of England,
but knowu to vaudeville stage managers
as "Nat, the comedian"," and who has been
delighting the cosmopolitan audiences of
the Bella Union Theater for the past week
or two with his irresistibly funny songs
and makeups, has decided to abandon
the stage and Lie himself away to the
frozen north on a tour of exploration.
Mr. Peel acknowledges himself to be the
eldest son of Sir Robert Peel and nephew
of the Sir Robert Peel who until recently
was Speaker of the House of Commons. '
It was he who solicited of Explorer
Stanley permission to accompany him as
surgeon through the wilds of Africa. He
has been on exploring expeditions before
and has penetrated the northern and
almost inaccessible parts of Australia,
going as far as the Carpentaria Bay.
"My idea," said he last evening, "is to
go on a tour of exploration to Alaska. I
shall form a little party of Englishmen,
and we probably shall start within ten
days. I intend going as far north as it is
possible for man to go. That is a very in
te. -iting country up there, and it has not
by any means been thoroughly explored.
"I have always desired to make this trip.
I may cross the straits into Russia and
come down into China.
; "China and Japan are about the only
countries of - th« world that I have not
seen. But you maybe; sure I shall do
them thoroughly before I settle down.''
Mr. Peel's specialties in the histrionic
line are all original. He composes the
music for his songs and writes the words
also.
Arrangements have been made by
the. German military authorities on the
first intimation of war to convey by' rail
all the women and children in such large
towns as Metz and Strasburg, as well as
smaller places, into Germany.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JANUARY 27, 1896.
SHOT AT SOAKED TARGETS.
Riflemen in Large Numbers at
Shell Mound and Schuetzen
Parks.
THE COLUMBIA CLUB SCORES.
A Big Match Between Military Marks
men—Contests for the Schuemann
Medals.
■
• - /
Notwithstanding that the wind blew a
hurricane yesterday the Shell Mound
shooting range was filled with marksmen of
all Kinds, and a sheet of bullets was kept fly
ing from the stands to the targets. It was
one of the' worst days for the riflemen ex
perienced in years, and the wonder was
that a single good score was made. Those
who visited the Shell Mound range yester
Dr. L. O. Rodgers, President of the Columbia Pistol and Rifle Club.
[From a photograph.]
day were treated to a "fishtail" wind that
whipped back and forth from every point
of the compass in the south. The light,
too, was varying, at times the black discs
appearing distinct and at other times as
dark as a San Francisco street on a foggy
night when the almanac says there is a
moon.
The members of the Columbia Pistol and
Rifle Club were out in full force, and con
sidering the weather excellent work was
done with the light bullets Used. The
Columbia's new target is becoming better
liked as the marksmen become more fa
miliar with the system of counting the
points. Many who are not members have
given it a test and are so well pleased that
there is every probability that they will
advocate its adoption in their clubs.
Among these are W. E. Spofford, who is
one of the leading spirits in the Fresno
Rifle Club. His club instructed him to
look into the merits of the Columbia tar
get, and his verdict yesterday after testing
it on rifle and pistol ranges is such that he
will urge his club to adopt it.
G. C. Thaxter, one of the best riflemen
on the coast and a member of a crack Car
son team, has expressed his appreciation
of the target, and it is likely that the Ne
veda riflemen will soon be shooting for the
| one in thelcenter. A ButteJCounty club
j is also discussing its adoption, while one
i or two local military companies are con
sidering the same question. F. O. Young,
the originator of the target, is constantly
answering letters and questions in expla
nation of the principles involved. *
Great interest was manifest in the pistol
range because the short range was less
affected by the wind. Daiss, who is in
the champion class, made the remarkable
score of 8 in three shots, counting from
The Schumann Medal.
the one-inch center. The scores were as
follows:
Pistol, all comers, three shots— C. M. Dalss 8
A. H. Pape 1,1, F. O. Young 14, J. E. Gorman
10, Dr. L. O. Rodgers 22, all comers 22.
Rifle, medal and cash prizes— _. Jacobson 11.
Edllovey2B.
Rifle, Unfred diamond medal, three shots—
P. W. McLaughlin 12, F. O. Young 17, Dr.
Rodgers 18.
Glendemann medal, military rifle— O.
Young 45, F. Poulter 45.
In two practice . scores 'A. H. Kennedy,
with a pocket revolver, made 103 and 126.
President.L. o.' Rodgers announced -the
cash prize winners for January and their
scores as follows: Rifle— First, McLaugh
lin, 12 points, Columbia target. Second,
F. 0. Young,' 12 points, being : bel ow Mc-
Laughlin, according to Creedmore rules. •
Third, Dr. Rodgcrs,l4 points. Pistol— First,
Charles Daiss, 8 points; second,* A. H.
Pape, .9 points; third, J. E. Gorman, 10
points. - --■ .*..-■■■ ■"*■.■
Company X "Wing.
One of the most hotly contested military
matches held for a long time was between
teams from ; Company A of the Fifth and
Company of the ; First. The former's
armory is in Oakland and the latter in San
Francisco on Page and Gough streets. 7 The
conditions were twenty men to a team and
ten shots to each man. The match 7 was
for a trophy.. According to the arrange
ments the losing team must carry the prize
to the armory of the victorious team and
present it with due formality and humilia
i tion on account of the defeat. The victors
will magnanimously take in the van
quished team and extend all the hospital
ity that is possible.
When these two teams come together in
X's armory the marksmen will have a
jolly time, for the hospitality to be ex
tended by the victors will include such
refreshments as promote good cheer.
The match yesterday was hotly con
tested from the start, and for a long time
neither team felt confident of success.
The last shots were fired while the rain
was falling so heavily that the Dullseye
could hardly be -seen. Company X won
by the very limited margin of 15 points.
The scores made were:
Company X— Captain T. Cunningham 42,
Lieutenant C. W. Seely 40, Sergeant E. F. Bat
teron 40, Corporal F. L. A mark 40, Corporal A.
K. Farless 41, Corporal .1. L. Utschig 43, Private
C. F. Anderson 41, Private G. M. Barley 43,
Private P. F. Bauer 86, Private P. F. Brunotte
41, Private C. F. Dittes3B, Private J. H. Helms
38, Private J. G. Hardy 37, Private H. Hall 35,
Private C. F. Maguire 42, Private 11. Mvers 35.
Private L. J. Reubold 39, Private A. F. Reubold
29, Private J. A. Boss 44, Private W. L. Warne
kros 39. Total, 733.
Company A— Captain Charles T. Poulter 40,
Corporal Frank Poulter 44, Charles L. Maker
37, Sergeant William Downie 40, S. A. Puckett
43, (*. W. Puckett 42, C. l-uckett 37, William
Somers 42, Corporal R. W. Littlefield 40, Ser
geant Charles Brier 35, Corporal Charles Tng
gart 41, Fred Peterson 37, G. .lahnagan 35, Ser
geant Charles E. Ellis 39, J. Stewart 34. Cor
poral Charles Taber 39, Corporal L. R. McKilli
can 35, C. J. Lymerson 35. Lieutenant Vaughn
42, Corporal Strong 31. Total, 708.
The captains of the two companies
■joined in a friendly match against their
; two lieutenants, the former winning by
, eight points. Captain Cunningham made
43, Captain Poulter 40; total 89. Lieuten
ant Sealey made 39, Lieutenant Vaughan
42; total, 81.
The German Sharpshooters.
The stands of the German sharpshooters
were filled from early in the morning until
dark, and the members of each club were
as enthusiastic as they were numerous.
Their scores were as follows:
Nord Deutschcr Schuetzen Verein— First
class, F. P. Schuster 431 rings; second class, |
11. yon der Mehden 387; third class. D. Schinkel
320; fourth class.Otto Schmiedel 322.
First best bullseve— ll. Huber, 25.
Last best bullseye— F. P. Schuster, 24.
Schuster of the first class and Schmiedel of
the fourth class became the permanent owners
of their respective class medals.
German Schuetzen Verein monthly bullseve
shoot— F. Schuster 38, L. Bendel 137, J. Peters
413, A. Jungblut 425, H. Huber 440. X.
Ahrenso2o, D. B. Faktor 040, A. Mocker 741,
Dr. L. O. Rodders 821, Judge Bahrs QlV.'.
. San Francisco Schuetzen Verein monthly
I bullseye shoot for twenty cash prizes— Otto
I Leracke 116, F. P. Schuster 201, J. Brentler
255. George Alpers 301, G. E. Waller 485, 11.
Helberg44o, George H. Bahrs 491, A. Lamnire
505. H. 11. Burfeind 538, I). Duncker 570, R.
Finking 071, T. D. Heise 709, A. Mocker 710,
A. Huber 733, J. Gefken 770, J. Lankenau 882,
D. B. Faktor 935, 11. Wecker 1001, H. Stelling
1003, C. F. Rust 1035.
SHOT FOR THK MEDALS.
Remarkable Scores for the Schumann
Prizes at Schuetzen.
It rained some at Schuetzen yesterday.
In fact the heavens spilt more water over
the ranges than ever leaked in the recollec
tion of Philo Jacoby. Philo himself stood
aghast at the overwhelming abundance of
liquid and not alone because it was merely
water, but it was the most notable down
pour of which the annals of Marin County
marksmanship have any. record.
Still the riflemen made an event of it.
There was a large crowd of target-hitters
on the ground during the entire day. It
was the occasion on which the Schumann
gold medals were to be shot for and the
crack canvas-breakers from all of the big
shooting clubs in town were ready to
make a try for the prizes. Even the ladies
were not daunted by the flood. They
came early and stayed until the latest
train, Incidentally ripping the bullseyes
and nearly running off with tne gold
badges.
The Utschig girls did some of the shoot
ing and Miss Langer landed the lead
close to the center on a number of occa
sions. . Taking the weather and the ladies
and the scores and Jacoby together it was
a great event in the early part of the year's
shooting programme.
The firing began at 10 o'clock. There
was a fair light on the targets and some of
the best work was done before 11. About
noon it began raining and by 2 o'clock
the markers were reported drowned.
Langer and Jacoby managed to reach the
butts and after a delay of about an hour
the markers and their targets were put in
shape again. During the entire afternoon
the wind and rain interfered with every
bullet that was fired. Sights and wind
gauges were of little use during such a
storm. : .,7/4:
The results of the competition are rather
remarkable. | In all of the fierce wind and
blinding rain Otto Burmeister scored 231
points out of a possible 250. John Utschig
was only one point behind' him. and as a
rule the scores were of a very high order.
Philo Jacoby Is authority for the state
ment that scores of such merit were never
made before in ■ such handicapping
weather, ln his thirty years' experience
on the range he recalled no instance in
which weather and scores were both of
such a notable character. '
' The shooting was generally done from
rests. The target was the twenty-five ring
German affair, and 200 yards was the dis
tance. Burmeister won the first gold
medal and Utschig was the winner of the
. second. The scores were as follows:
Burmeister 231. John Utschig 230, Miss
Lizzie Utschig • 220, • Glindermann 219, Nolte
212, John Stanton 209, Babin. 208, Strecker
208, A. Utschig 200, Reubold 202, Jacoby 201,
Mrs. Utschig 194, Langer 194, Miss A. Langer
191, Archer 181, Miss Kate Utschig 185
Eging 168. ;-.*,- :■ . v , •
When the match was finished tho suc
cessful marksmen ; were awarded the prizes
with; appropriate ceremonies. They will
wear the medals for one -month and then
another match will be held. This will go
on during the year and the riflemen scor
ing the; best seven strings will keep the
Erizes. -yy Captain Schumann - has given
adges of * beautiful; design •■; aad • there is
great enthusiasm among marksmen to suc
ceed in the i contests. Both ' medals are
alike in > pattern, with the exception- that
the champion prize has > a diamond set
in the center of the target.
SPOKE OF AMERICANISM.
Ray Palmer Addressed a Large
Audience at Metropolitan
Temple.
SLANDERERS SEVERELY SCORED
No Sympathy for Those Who Have
Made Vicious Attacks on the
Women.
There was no diminution in the attend
ance at the good citizenship meeting at
Metropolitan Hall yesterday afternoon on
account of the inclemency of the weather.
After the usual organ voluntary H. W.
Quitzow made a few opening remarks, in
the course of which he said :
In looking at this vast audience one cannot
help but believe that the people are deeply in
terested In the question of American liberty.
I would refer those who wish to bo thoroughly
informed of the controversy now in progress
to The Call of this morning, which publishes
the synopsis of the situation by Rev. Donald
ROSS. P/flp/fi
The singing of "Hail Columbia" was
followed by remarks of an introductory
character by M. T. Brewer, who said in
part:
I will ask you to bear with me a few mo
ments while I say a few plain words. Yester
day my attention was called to something in
The Call written by Father Yorke. [Demon
stration.] Honor bright, now, friends. I know
your manhood and your womanhood. Now,
no hisses for any one, and I never ask for ap
plause. But I want you to hear me patiently
and manfully. My attention was called, as I was
saying, to an article in The Call written by
Father Yorke [a demonstration was again
elicited by the mention of the name of Father
Yorke.] I read it carefully. It referred to the
slandering of women of the Catholic -aith. I
have a loving mother, a dear wife and a
precious daughter, and if Peter C. Yorke or
anybody else haa cast a slur on our women I
.would have been bitterly indignant; and I am
as indignant over what one of our own people
has said in derogation of the women who be
long to the Catholic church.
I say that in the end of the nineteenth cen
tury all should have liberty to worship as
they like. I say that no man has the- right to
say that the women of the Catholic faith are
worse than those of any other denomination.
The Monitor and Father Yorke have chosen
to say that the words I spoke on this platform
I did not mean. I now say that I mean every
word that I say here at all times.
But when any one attempts to interfere with
our public schools, then I say call a halt. We
want the fullest liberty of conscience for our
selves, and all that we want for ourselves we
are willing to mete out to all in the free land.
We ask nothing for ourselves that we will not
grant to others. -..
Let us see to it that the principles that un
derlie the American Protective Association are
American principles— are for the unity of the
Nation; for a fair and honest count; for gov
ernment by the ballot, for no one can say that
we desire to govern any other way.
The members of the Young Men's Institute
sometimes say: "Why, that A. P. A. is so secret."
I wonder if the Young Men's Institute is not
secret. lam afraid they would blackball me if
I applied for membership to-morrow. They
say in all seriousness, and. I suppose in all
truth, they have no politics discussed in their
meetings. I wonder what the members of the
Young Men's Institute would say if I told
them that politics was never discussed in any
council of the A. P. A. I want to tell Father
Yorke and the Y. M. I. that if any officer of the
A. P. A. allowed politics to be discussed he
would lose his office. Bo we are very nearly
alike. I say though that if politics is not dis
cussed by the Y. M. I. they are yet carrying out
the behests of Father Yorke and the Catholic
hierarchy.
hen the speaker of the occasion was
introduced, Chairman Quitzow had barely
sot the words "We will now hear from
Rev. Ray Palmer" out of his mouth when
hisses arose in the eallery, which were,
however, quickly drowned by applause.
Then the reverend gentleman spoke as
follows:
I am here to speak on "What Is True Ameri
canism?"
We believe that the Roman Catholic hier
archy is un-American. We believe it from a
great many considerations, only a few of
which can I speak about to-day.
No Catholic can really be a true American.
They may sincerely believe they are truly
loyal, but they cannot be. Take the case of
Bishop Ireland—
[Applause in the gallery, followed by
cries of "Put him out
"Xo, don't put him out; don't put anybody
out. am glad to have, our Catholic. friends
here, but don't disturb me. I have no feeling
against them.
Thus great Bishop Ireland would never have
become a Bishop if he were a* true American.
He may perhaps believe himself to be one. I
make no charge against the Bishop or any
other man. They may believe themselves to
be, thoueh they cannot be so, as we know.
Our friend who made great claims to patriot
ism closed his address last Tuesday in an
apostropho to free America and .took oc
casion to speak of "Catholic Columbia." I
don't know when it became Catholic. [Ap
plause.] I want to say to you that no A. P. A.
man could have delivered more patriotic
words than these. We do not believe that
Father Caraher spoke these words with the
same underlying feeling that would have
prompted the true American. We don't be
lieve his words came from a profound love of
Americanism, a love above his ecclesiastical
allegiance. I say that our Catholic friends
may love our country in many ways, but I say
that they do not yet love oor country with the
true love that regards the best principle of
of American liberty— religious liberty.
They claim to be sending men from over the
water to teach us better. Americanism and
higher patriotism. Let us take the recent in
vestiture of Satolli with the honors of a
Cardinal. I say such a demonstration is un-
American. The details of that affair were
something like those of the ancient Romans.
The great pomposity of it was incongruous
with Christianity and Americanism alike.
When I see these things I fear for Americanism,
and we should protest against them.
We say that if Americans needed a Cardinal
why did not the Pope select an American
Bishop and make him a cardinal. Why send a
man away from Italy and make him a Car
dinal in our country.
The Bishops and Archbishops show their
deep servility to the Pope in not protesting
against this invasion. They said it was only
another * exhibition of the Pope's love for
America. If I were a priest or Bishop I would
send a protest to the Pope against such a
course. 1 should think that under the circum
stances it would be very * embarrassing to
Cardinal Satolli to face the priests, Bishops
and Archbishops of tin? country, . He came to
this cquntry without being able to speak even
a word of • our language, yet he is exalted over
all the priests of his church and is to give us
lessons in better patriotism.
I believe that the Roman Catholic hierarchy
is an enemy of America, because they are still
trying to suppress free speech.
He then read a newspaper dispatch re
lating to the assaults made on a .Protest
ant preacher by Catholics. at Fort Wil
liams and other places in ' Canada, and
continued as follows:
I don't say that the priests are to blame—
they engendered and encouraged these out
breaks. But they, should, have been able to
control these things and prevent them.
We believe that the hierarchy is un Ameri
can because our Government is democratic, and
it is opposed to our Government. In The Call
of the 23d one of the defenders of the Catholic
church says that the Roman hierarchy is dem
ocratic. Neither Father Yorke nor any other
man has shown' or can show that the Catholic
hierarchy is democratic. In a democracy the
people have all offices: in the ; hierarchy the
people have no office. The Pope is the great
flywheel in the great machine shop of Cath
olicism. He keeps things running smoothly.
In the Catholic church- the priests are called
• "fathers." | It seems to me he is not only called
"father" because he is the spiritual instructor,
but because he is the master and controls his
people. It is un-American to call any I one
iafher except God, and the term master is also
un-America"n. .-*' •' •*--.■■
Father Yorke may be sincere, but if he is it is
the biggest blunder he ever made to say the
Catholic church is democratic. It has shown
the spirit of persecution even in this very tan
gle. Father Caraher > took up the slanders
spoken against ; the Catholic women, and he
held ; the A. P. A. ; responsible for these
dastardly attacks. : I : want • to ; denounce any
attack on women. No priest shall make an
attack on their virtue, and. I say that I have
never made any v attack *on ■: the virtue of
Catholic women, and I want to say that I hope
God will give me the grace to refrain from any
such act. ■•.*'■■•■•*; .'•■*,..-.-*' ..>•■ ;
Father, Caraher ; said . some things that were
not right; some things that rilled the minds of
the Roman hierarchy long ago. They show
that the same things are *in the minds of the
priests of to-day. He said that whoever would
assail the women of any sect should have the
flesh torn from his body by a cat-of-nine-tails.
This shows that he would like to do that.
No minister of God has . the right to
use language like that. It smells of
the dark ages. The Catholics at one
time attacked the Young People's Society of
Christian Endeavor, but no Protestant minis
ter ever spoke such words as Father Caraher.
I say that it will never be permitted that the
Pope shall live in the United States. It is said
that the Italian. Government has determined
that there shall never be another conclave in
Italy. Italy evidently intends that there shall
be no Pope in Italy after Leo XIII. If a Pope
come here like a man he will be welcome, but
if he comes to attempt the union of state and
church we have no use for him in this country.
There is talk of the Pope coming to take up
his residence in Washington (cries of -'Not by
along shot" and "Xo, no. no!"), but they will
be awfully disappointed if they try to estab
lish his seat of government in this country.
There are 1405 convents and nunneries in
the United States, each having an average of
about sixty inmates. There are thus some
thing more than 84,000 women kept in con
finement without sanction of the law. They
soy they have voluntarily taken vows. Yet
many have change their minds and want
again to be free, but they are not allowed to
do so.' They say to Uncle Sam that he cannot
go within those walls. We want all public in
stitutions to be open to public inspection.
tor the sake of the womanhood Iwe love,
I say Undo Sam is yet going in behind those
walls, and we are going to say to those people,
"Those who desire to remain can remain, but
those who wish to leave shall have their lib
erty."
We say that Americanism is A. P. A. ism. We
say that there is not a principle in the A. P. A.
that is at variance .with our constitution.
They say we are foreigners. How many for
eigners have they, with a foreigner at their
head who lives in Rome?
CHURCH AND STATE.
Dr. J. L.' York Says They Must Be
Kept Apart In This
Nation.
Dr. J. L. York, the well-known liberal
lecturer, delivered an interesting lecture
last evening at 105 Larkin street. His sub
ject was: '"Romanism or Protestantism —
Which?" In the course of his remarks he
said
What religious superstition and priestcraft
did In all the past to promote an unnatural
and false system of religion in the world, you
may see to-day in the discussion now going on
between Father Yorke and Protestant Chris
tianity. In the early days of Christianity their
councils of bishops and priests were character
ized by fierce contention over the settlement
of every dogma. 7.
So in this discussion in The Call the same
spirit and struggle for ecclesiastical supremacy
appears. But to the freethinker the main
question is untouched, as both sides assume
to be God's church, and yet neither Roman nor
Protestant Christian is able to prove that God
ever had anything to do with tne founding of
Christianity in the world any more than he
had with founding Mohammedanism or Mor
monism, and that all religions are man-made
and bear no stamp of true divinity.
This being true, how can any amount of dis
cussion based upon bare assumption solve the
problem?
If, as we claim, Christianity has not a divine
origin, and grew out of the mythology of the
East, and that the stories of Mathew, Mark,
Luke and John are wanting in the elements of'
credibility in the light of reason and science,
and that Christianity is man"made and has no
more claim to being divine than Mormonism,
what significance can there be whether the
early Popes claimed superiority over the state
or not? -To the bar of science, reason and a
higher criticism than Protestant Christianity
must Romanism be arraigned to answer her
many false claims upon the intellect of the
world. ■'■-■■ ,-• -■•» Ay.
We do not mean to say that Romanism is all
bad and Protestantism all good, as they are
mother and daughter and have many traits
and tenets in common. All of the religions
known to man contain some truth, and so far
as Roman or Protestant Christianity has a
moral influence and promotes a true sense of
justice and fraternity • among men they are
good. . :--:
So far as they exercise any spiritual author
ity as from God to control the free exercise of
human reason in men and women in regard to
deity, heaven, hell or salvation, they are, and
ever have been, a bar to mental development
and a brake on the car of human progression.
Religion is well enough in its place, but it
finds a rocky road when out of place. If re
ligions, creeds and dogmas were of God, their
true place would be in all human relations;
but as all religions have no higher origin than
human Ignorance, hope and fear, society is
called upon to define this mental disease/and
fix a limit for its exercise compatible with our
free institutions and widest human liberty.
The realm of church and State are as wide
apart as the realm of a dog and cat. The State
being simply a form of force has nothing to do
with religion of any kind, and the people de
mand a complete separation of church and
State, and we have no right, under our secular
Constitution, to hire chaplains to pray at the
people's expense for Congress, army and navy,
or any prayers or religious songs in the com
mon schools of our country.
The realm of religion is the realm of persua
sion, and must begin and end with persuasion
a moral force, and when coupled with civil
power, tends to churchism and ecclesiastical
despotism and popery in its various forms.
We are pleased to commend the noble ana
timely words of Rev. E. 11. Payne of Berkeley
in a sermon printed in the San Francisco Call
of Saturday, January 25, and find ourselves In
happy accord with his views on the Yorke-
Ross controversy. And that more especially
as both Catholics and Protestants are open to
the charge of being in politics and seeking to
infuse religion into the state and schools. For
years Protestant ■■ Christians, by systematic
effort, have appealed to Congress for an amend
ment to the "constitution ot our country.
recognizing God, Christ and the Bible
and the persistent appeals to Congress
and State legislatures for Sunday laws
by Protestant Christians render it obvious
that the keynote for the solution of this
problem will never be found in invective, and
a gospel of hatred between Catholics and
Protestants, but rather in the broad and lib
eral view that our Government Is and must be
secular, and that our public school system is
a creature of the State and that "hands-oft"" to
all ecclesiasticism should apply equally to both
Catholic and Protestant Christians.
A war waged upon any other basis than that
of justice and fair play can only stir up secta
rian strife and cruel feelings among friends
and neighbors, quite at variance with true
Americanism, to say nothing of the high pro
fession of peace on earth and good will to men.
THE NORTH-END STATION.
Supervisors Will Decide To-Day
Where It Shall Be
Located.
Strong Protest Filed to the Selection
of the Washington-Street
Site.
To-day the Board of Supervisors will de
termine a matter which is deemed of vital
importance to the owners of property and
residents in the immediate neighborhood
of the proposed location of a new police
station. /A/
" Some time ago, the present location of
the North End police station on Jacirson
street east of Polk being deemed inade
quate to the wants of the Police Depart
ment, a movement was made to establish
more commodious quarters in that vicin
ity. The block bounded by Van Ness
avenue, Washington,' Jackson and Polk
streets, except the frontage on Polk street
and a vacant lot on Washington street, is
occupied by private residences, among
them being some of the best in the City.
The vacant lot on Washington street,
33 by 127K, belongs to John McCarthy, the
president of Buckley's Occidental Club.
: The property-owners in that block, find
ing that a movement was on foot to locate
the police station on the McCarthy lot,
made a strong opposition, which resulted
in an agreement to locate the same on Polk
street, between Jackson and Washington.
This arraneeruent was entirely satisfactory
to the property on Folk stre t. Th*e
Folk-street lot has a frontage of forty feet
on the easterly side of the street, in the
middle of the block. The owner removed
his tenants at ' considerable . expense, em
ployed an architect to prepare plans and
specifications for the building, and had the
same nearly completed when the Health
and Police ; Committee refused to give
further time, and awarded to contract to
McCarthy.
Air the property-owners of the block
mentioned except one, representing 1220
front feet out of 1278 feet, and the owners
of property on the south side of Washing
ton street, with one exception, and owners
of the property in the immediate vicinity
west of Van Ness avenue, filed a protest
in which they showed the damage to their
property and other homes by locating a
police station, with cells and stable at
tached, in tbe midst of - their residences,
but without avail.
The McCarthy contract passed by the
usual vote— B to — one Supervisor "being
absent.
The Mayor has vetoed the McCarthy
resolution and to-day the matter comes ud
for final action. If the Mayor's veto shall
be sustained relief will come to the prop
erty-owners and the station established on
Polk street.
An agreement has been made between
the owner of the lot and the property
owners of the block mentioned, by which
he agrees to erect a building covering hi 3
40-foot lots, which, it is claimed, will be a
better location and better adapted for the
purposes required than the Washington
street lot.
A committee of property-owners, con
sisting of Frank J. Sullivan, James Den
man and Frank J. French, has had charge
of the matter and secured a satisfactory
agreement with the owner of the Polk
street lot.
The property-owners affected by the
erection of a police station on Washington
street state that the location of a police
station in the midst of their private resi
dences will be ruinous to their property
and virtually destroy their homes.
SHELL MOUND SCORES.
Military Marksmen Hold Their Kecular
Monthly Medal Contests.
Several of the military companies held
their monthly medal shoots at the Shell
Mound range yesterday. Reside these
there was a private match for a small
purse between John Green and James An
derson of the Knights of the Red Branch
Rifles. The former won on a score of 45
to the latter's 96. The military companies
and their scores were as follows:
Company I— C. J. Strippel 41, D. F. de Ben
ardi 44, William Gaily 41, Sergeant M. J. Shen.
han 41, Corporal A. 11. Ahlborn 39, E. Gill 20.
W. Meyer '.',7, Corporal 11. Lemeteyer 30, J.
Power 37. T. Brner '!.">, Lieutenant W. Tobin 40,
Sergeaiit V.J. Fell '.■•*•, A. Martin 41, M. Sand
land 29, H. Rtolzenwald 24, McCarthy 37,
Corporal F. Ackerman 35, C. Bon 31, P. Mc Part
land 38.
Company F— W. Crook 39, J. W. Dresser 37,
Corporal Irving 42, Sergeant K. N. Tnrton 40,
E. K. Holstein :«',, Sergeant F. L. Brown 46,
Sergeant F. P. Codington 30, Corporal W. M.
Higgins 31, J. G. Hawks 30, C. A. Dodge 32,
Corporal B. 11. Hawks 33, Fitzgerald 36,
Corporal H. Turton 37, Doscber 24, Captain
Miller 35, Sergeant Iverson '17. Ludwig 24,
Boyle 7.
Company — Semeria '.19. Cohn 33, Bush
39, Dewar 26, Wider 26, Desmond 28, Sehmalz
40, Fickett36, Craig 17, MeKenna 17.
Company M— Sergeant Kihn '.V.',, Sergeant
Cobby 45, Corporal Stroth 40, Corporal Hayes
36. Corporal Frodsham 41. BHtchelder 44,
Spilman 37, Ayhens 23, Bell 28. Eisau 20,
Lage 29, Murphy; 35, Corporal Olmstead 29,
Armstrong 38.
Treatment for Hydrophobia.
When a person in the Soudan is bitten
by a dog supposed to be suffering from the
rabies, the animal is instantly caught and
killed, and cut open; the liver is cut out
and slightly browned by being held to the
fire, after which the whole of the organ is
eaten by the patient.— Chicago Chronicle.
One thousand "oatents for car fenders
have been taken out to date.
NEW TO-DAY.
Ct^_-_jf^fel
• 1 4T~*s77^*tx?».x+u*Jif^
i^ok
An Appeal
To Weak Men
TyE POSITIVELY GUARANTEE IT TO CURE
''all forms of Nervous Debility, Sperma-
torrhea, Shrunken Parts, Nervousness, Forget-
fulness, Confusion of Ideas, Languor, Dyspep-
sia, Lame Back, Rheumatism, Kidney and
Bladder Complaint, and the many evils result-
ing from secret habits in youth or excesses in
maturer years ; we wish to say that the mar-
velous invention,
Dr. Sanden's Electric Beit,
Is an absolutely positive cure. , It has cured
thousands every year after all known medi-
cines and other treatments have failed. The
fact is that MEDICINES NEVER HAVE NOR
NEVER WILL cure these troubles, as you well
know if you are a sufferer and have tried them.
ELECTRICITY— which is nerve force— is the
element which was drained from the system,
and to cure IT MUST BE REPLACED. We
guarantee our Patent Improved Electric Sus-
pensory to ENLARGE SHRUNKEN OR UN-
DEVELOPED ORGANS, or no pay. We faith-
fully promise to give every buyer the crowning
triumph in medico-electrical science, and have
placed the price within the. means of every
sufferer. A pocket edition of Dr. Sanden's
celebrated American work, "Three Classes of
Men," illustrated, is sent free, sealed, by mail,
upon application. Every young, middle-aged
or old man suffering the slightest weakness
should read it. It will point out an EASY,
SURE AND SPEEDY WAY TO REGAIN
STRENGTH AND HEALTH WHEN EVERY-
THING ELSE HAS FAILED. Call or address
SANDEN ELECTRIC CO..
632 Market Street. San. Francisco,
Opposite Palace Hotel. Office hours, &to 6; even-
ings, 7 to 8:30; Sundays, 10 to 1.
""" -pf- —
" "' -
A remedy used exclusively by a physician of
30 years' experience. A positive and unfailing
guaranteed cure for primary, secondary and
tertiary cases of blood disease. ■ No case in-
curable. New cases cured in two weeks. Con-
sultation and full information free.
MOFFAT CHEMICAL CO.,
l-toom 1, 632 Market St.. San Francisco.
RIGGS HOUSE,
Washiuston, __>. O.
The Hotel "Far Excellence"
Of the Nation*! Capital First class in all appoint-
ments, li. Di WITT. Treas.
American plan, $3 per day and
upward. ,y /
oppression, niinrn nu
SUFFOCATION. CUBED BY
NEURALGIA, Etc., uu,,l - l » ut
ESPIC'S CIGAKETTKS, Oil POWDER,
Paris, J, E&PIC: New York, E. FOUUEKA
_ CO. Sold by all Druggist*,
56
CHARLES M. SMORTRIDQE,
Editor and Proprietor.
-.■■•-■ '
SUBSCRIPTION RATES- Free:
rally and Sunday Call, one week, by carrier.. $0.15
Dally and Sunday Call, one year, by ma 11 . ... 6.00
Dally and Sunday Call, six months, by malL, 3.00
Daily and Sunday Call, three months by mail 1.50
Dally and Sunday Call, one month, by mall.. .65
Sunday Call, one year, by mail 1.50
* jLtjCLY Call, one year, by mail 2*60
BUSINESS OFFICE:
710 Market street,
Ban Francisco, California.
ftlepbone *_*ln-1868
EDITORIAL ROOMS:
617 Clay Street.
Telephone -. Main— lß74
BRANCH OFFICES :
$30 Moctcomery tweet, corner Clay; open until
% :S0 o'clock.
289 Hayes street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
717 Larkla street; open until 8:30 o'clock.
fcW. corner Sixteenth and Mission streets; open
tctfl 9 o'clock.
*.61t~ Mission street; open nntll 9 o'clock.
li* *S'U> lh street; open until 9 o'clock.
OAKLAND OFFICE
fcCa Broadway.
EASTERN OFFICE:
Rooms SI and 32, 34 Park Row, "New York City.
DAVID M. FOLTZ, Special Agent.
MONDAY JANUARY 27, 1896
THE CALL SPEAKS FOR ALL.
It is January in tbe almanac but April
in the weather bureau.
Many people feel for the Armenians,
but only the Turks are reaching for them.
No senatorial speeches were made yester
day to be read to-day. This is blue
Monday.
Already the great mass of the people are
getting into line for high tariff and free
coinage.
Instead of passing the emergency bills
the Senators seem resolved to let the
emergency pass.
Let us hold together until the fundini
bill is defeated and then we can discus;
what to do next.
Since Krueger sent Jameson to England
to be tried be ought to give Hammond a
trial in California.
All parts of the interior are humming
with preparations of coming festivals and
everybody is busy.
The Democratic Presidential campaigr
has begun to open up and looks more lik
a chestnut burr than ever.
The Republican victory in Kentucky
will result in a far-reaching reform if it re
peals the monopoly charter.
If Eastern people are able to see any.
thing at all through the blinding snow
storms they ought to see that California
is the place to live. * * .
The proposal of Senator Cullom to bor
row $100,000,000 to provide coast defenses
would be more like a popular loan than
Cleveland's attempt at it.
With a deficit in the revenues Cleve
land's attempt to keep up the gold reserve
is like trying to keep a barrel filled with
water while the bung is open.
The silver men and the Populists will
make very good side shows at St. Louis,
but everybody will go into the big tent
where the .Republican band plays.
It is said that Morrison of Illinois is the
only man in the Democratic Presidential
nomination, and be is suspected of wish
ing it mainly for the advertising there is
in it.
Some of the supporters of the railroad
monopoly are silent because they are
afraid of public opinion, but most of them
are so because they are ashamed of them
selves.
The third term proposition is not a
movement by any means. It is only an
obstruction in the Democratic road that
prevents any other candidate from having
a movement.
It has been noted in Chicago that on the
day it was decided to hold the Democratic
Convention there the temperature began
to rise and the weather became something
like a hot day in January.
The laurels of glory come high in the
Orient as well as elsewhere and Japan has
found that her recent increase of prestige
has been accompanied by a 70 per cent
increase of taxation.
Business men should be liberal in their
subscriptions to the . State development
committee fund, as it is doing practical
and effective work in bringing a thrifty
class of home-seekers into the State.
Illinois Democrats declare their favor
ite Colonel Bill Morrison to be '-a plat
form in himself," and do not see that they
are thereby furnishing a reason why some
other candidate should be put up to stand
on him.
According to Willett & Gray's statistical
review the consumption of sugar in the
United States was about 67,000 tons less in
1805 than in the previous year. It was
cheaper than it had been, but Democratic
times had made the people too poor to buy
it even at the reduced price.
Tbe memorial to Congress on the fund
ing bill should assert everything on which
the people are united and nothing on which
they are divided. The one issue at pre
sent is to defeat any re-funding scheme
that may be devised and on that issue
there is no division of sentiment in Cali
fornia. A, .>"••;*, y
The nearer the campaign approaches the
more certain it is that the greatest issue
with the people will be that of tariff re
form in the direction of a thorough pro
tective system even if it has to be carried
to the extent of absolutely prohibiting the
importation of Oriental goods that com
pete with home products.
New York and New Jersey have arranged
between them a little scheme to get the
Government to buy the famous plateau of
the Palisades and preserve it as a military
reservation. Of course the scheme is sim
ply to get a grand park at the expense of
the Nation, and California might as well
ask the Government to provide a boule
vard around the bay for a military high
way.
It will be remembered that during the
campaign last fall a young woman in
Maryland challenged Senator Gorman to
debate with her. Gorman declined, but
nevertheless she is to have her reward. A
soap manufacturinz company has adopted"
her picture as a trade- mark and will send
her out during the coming campaign to
stump the whole country for that rare
combination, Populism and soap.
WORKERS AEE WORKING.
An encouraging feature of the fight
against the funding bill is the interest
which labor organizations are taking in it.
Here and there throughout the State they
are passing resolutions against the scheme
and forwarding them to Washington.
Much more work of that kind might be
done. For that matter, a grand demon
stration by the labor bodies of the State
would serve a useful purpose.
It is upon persons of small means and
upon those who have no resource but
their daily labor that the burdens im
posed by extending the railroad debt will
fall most grievously. As an extension of
the debt must contemplate an increase of
transportation charges to meet the pay-
ments, and as these cbarees at present are
greater than the State can bear and at the
same time have a margin for an extension
of its industries, it follows that the pass
ing of a funding bill will further impov-
erish the producing classes by enforcing a
curtailment of production. It would not
be competent to argue that the railroad
company dare not place its charges at a
figure which would Kill its traffic. It will
bave to do bo if it honestly tries to meet
the obligations of a funding bill. If the
view be taken that it will not do so, then
we must admit that it has no intention of
discharging its obligations.
But we have already seen that any such
power, to be exercised either to swindle
the Government or cripple the State, is
just, what we cannot afford to grant to
this imperious company. While making
a pretense, in its attack upon the Rail
road Commission's reduced scale of freight
charges, of a necessity for maintaining
high rates in order that its means of ob
serving its obligation to the Government
shall not be impaired, it arbitrarily raises
rates in the exercise of a power which its
compact with the Panama ©Railway
created, In this latter case there was no
pretense that the increased revenue was
desired to apply to the Government debt.
The funding bill is not only a measure
to evade the payment of an honest debt;
it goes further and means the condoning
of the swindle by winch the debt was
created and maintained and the perpetua
tion of a monopoly which will be as un
scrupulous and imperious in the future as
it has been in the past.
The workers of California— farmers, arti
sans, laborers and all others who, as pro
ducers and consumers, constitute the bulk
of the population— -are the ones at whose
security and prosperity this shameful
measure is aimed. It is principally they
who should step forward now and sound
a protest that may be beard across the con
tinent. This is not a time for timidity or
'cowardice. All expressions that are made
should be temperate and so framed as to
command the respect and attention of the
East. Our kinsmen there are slower and
more conservative than we, and besides
that they cannot fully understand the evils
that we have borne so long or appreciate
the disheartening position in which we
should be placed by the passage of the
funding bill. If we are radical or abusive
we shall certainly lose the Eastern sym
pathy which belongs to a sense of justice.
Let every effort be confined to an assault
on the funding bill. On that proposition
we certainly can count on the sympathy of
the East. That will mean victory. The
way will then be clear for an intelligent
handling of the propositions which will
present themselves.
UNBALANCED INSTRUCTION.
The Grand Jury of Los Angeles turns
aside a moment from its ! task of exposing
official carelessness and rascality in that
city, and reads the State a severe lecture
on the subject of normal schools. It
states that the State has four of
these institutions, and that they are
graduating about 200 teachers annually
for a - population which is showing
hardly any increase. The Grand Jury
suggests that the number of examinations
at least might be reduced from two to one
a year.
It seems a peculiar coincidence that
while the Los Angeles Grand Jury was
launching that bolt, tbe State Superin
tendent of Education was lecturing in San
Francisco and saying some other interest
ing things about the needs of the public
schools. He declared that because of tho
small salaries paid teachers, many young
men regard teaching as merely a stepping
stone to some more profitable occupation,
and he added : "The teaching force of the
State is in a constant state of change. We
do not wonder at the clamor for something
more than an academic training for those
who are to teach our children in the
future." He then intimated that the nor
mal schools do not require a sufficiently
high education on the part of those who
are received to be taught the art of teach
ing. 7/p7at
It does seem a strangely unbalanced
condition of affairs that shows the turning
out of so many teachers annually by the
normal schools on a comparatively low
basis of qualification while there are hun
dreds, and possibly thousands, of normal
graduates who are unable to secure posi
tions, and while the fierce struggle - for po
sitions inevitably leads to bad results, in a
political sense. Although the public
schools of the State are famous for their
efficiency that is no reason why they may
not be better.
No teacher can be too well trained. The
normal schools of the State turn out grad
uates who are very young, and for that
reason alone, however ambitious they
may be, lack a valuable qualification for
managing children. It is not difficult to
imagine that if they were put through a
long training they would be more efficient
than they are. Worse than all this are
the wire-pullings that many of them have
to resort to in order to secure positions. It
becomes largely a matter of personal in
fluence, and this must tend to lower the
standard of merit. ■•' ,-*.
It would certainly be interesting if the
normal schools would publish a list of all
their former pupils who hold positions as
teachers and place alongside it a list of
those who have failed to find such employ
ment. ■zA/p..:/:.. .
THE SEOEETAEY'S DUTY.
The Transvaal authorities have liberated
all the American prisoners on parole ex
cept John Hays Hammond, and he is
held because he bad written to Jameson
saying that he would notify him . when
danger should threaten the Uitlanders.
As a matter of fact Jameson had already
started on his raid before this ; letter was
written. Hence the simple story is that
Hammond feared that at some time the
Uitlanders' rights might be threatened;
that be was presumably aware of Jame
son's intention to make a raid for their
rescue when -.* that '; contingency should
arise; that as it did not arise Hammond
committed no overt act against the Trans
vaal authority.- On the contrary, seeing
tbat there was no occasion for Jameson's
descent and that such an act was wrong
and unwarranted, he promptly placed him
self on the side of the Boers, raised the flag'
of the Transvaal and assisted in main
taining the constituted authority of the
republic. If his first act was an error bis
second more than atoned for it.
All that, however, is apart from a deeper ,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JANUARY 27, 18H6.
concern which affects the dignity and pres
tige of the United States. Secretary Olney
has seen Lord Salisbury promptly de
manding that President Krueger surrender
Jameson to England for trial in the English
courts, and it is now believed that Mr.
Olney will follow that example and de
mand the surrender of the American pris
oners to the United States for trial in our
courts. It is not possible for Secretary
Olney to pursue any other course without
degrading our country in the eyes of the
world. President Krueeer could not afford
to practice such a discrimination as a re
fusal to comply would represent. Even
should he refuse it is the duty of our Gov
ernment to press the demand and if neces
sary to enforce it. The Transvaal, by ac
ceding to England's demand, has for
feited all right to appeal to the nations for
protection against such a demand' from
us, and no nation could interfere without
first requiring that the precedent estab
lished in Jameson's surrender to England
be destroyed.
Our Nation has not a very good reputa
tion for zeal in guarding the interests of its
citizens abroad, and it is time that this
error be corrected. The one thing above
all others that an Englishman is sure of is
that the whole power of Great Britain is
ready to be unleashed in his protection if
bis rights or liberty are threatened in any
part of the world. It is such a feeling of
security as this that makes citizens and
subjects loyal to tbe countries whose flags
protect them, and eager to -fight when
these countries become involved in war.
Aside from all this is the extremely bitter
feeling of the Boers against the foreigners
and the virtual impossibility of a fair trial
in the Transvaal courts. Even should the
courts acquit the American prisoners it is
more than likely that mob law would be
resorted to. President Krueger'e assur
ance that the suspects will be given a fair
trial would mean nothing in the face of a
fierce popular determination to find sonif
victims to suffer vicariously for Jameson's
deeds. 7/77;-
In the United States there is no popular
hatred of the Boers or their Government.
The American prisoners would be tried
fairly in courts employing a language with
which they are familiar, and a procedure
which they understand. The Government
of the Transvaal would in no wine be ham-'
pered in the presentation of its case. In
snort, trial in an American court would be
fair, and in a Transvaal court unfair and
dangerous. Should Secretary Olney fail
of his clear duty in this instance he would
be striking a very serious blow at the rights
and liberties of American citizens, and
would be degrading the United States be
fore all the nations.
A QUEER TRADE IDEA.
The Pennsylvania Grocer makes the fol
lowing extraordinary announcement:
"Chicago is reaching out for trade, as all
live cities ought and must, if they expect
to do more than hold their own. Leading
wholesalers have formed an association to
give free transportation to and from their
homes to retail merchants if they pur
chase $1000 worth of goods and ship by
such lines as the association may direct.
This is a novel idea, but it may bring grist
to tho Chicago mills."
It is difficult to believe that such a
scheme has been devised. If it has, the
retail merchant** may be sure that they are
not to be relieved of the burden of freight
charges. Further, there must be a strange
condition of railroad affairs in and about
Chicago, for such a scheme would mean
an arrangement between the wholesale
merchants and certain rail lines, to the
prejudice of the roads not parties to the
plan. A/;/
The idea would be really alluring were
it not ludicrous. As the retail merchant
stands in line next lo the consumer, and
as the consumer and producer have to
bear, share and share alike, all the bur
dens of transportation charges, no picture
could be prettier than that which repre
sents them in the act of receiving their
load gaudily painted and luxuriously
tricked out in feathers and tinsel. But it
is easy to gull heedless humanity. So
long as some persons think that they are
getting something for nothing when they
take newspapers on the strength of
"coupons," "prizes" and the like, we may.
expect the inventive genius of Chicago to
devise means for making tbe most of the
opportunity.
r
COAST EXCHANGES.
While the constitutionality of the Wright
irrigation law is being tried "by the Supreme
Court of the United States it is refreshing
to know that however that case may go
the need of irrigation in California is so
clearly apparent that private enterprise is
ready here and there to undertake the task
and leap the profits which the members of
a community might share under the opera
tion of a district law. As it is better, how
ever, to have irrigation undertaken by a
private corporation than neglected alto
gether, it is welcome news in the Madera
Mercury that a company has been organized
for supplying the local need of that sec
tion. The Fresno Canal and Irrigation
Company is in. the field with a proposition
to the land-owners, and its representative
says that if a sufficient acreage subscribes
to the scheme a main canal will be run
from the San Joaquin River at a point east
of the railroad bridge, and thence north
erly past Madera and on to the Chowchilla
River, with numerous branches. The sys-
tern will furnish 1000 cubic feet of water a
second, and can irrigate 160,000 acres of
land. Our exchange adds: "It will be a
big undertaking and will cost a great deal
of money. The promoters of the scheme
say that if they are guaranteed 50,000
acres they will have the system in opera
tion in a year. The water right will cost
$6 75 an acre, with from five to fifteen
years' time in which to pay for it. Water
will be delivered for 75 cents an acre per
year.". . ';• *, ,-;■■• *
• Th c Brentwood Enterprise adopts the fol
lowing inspired method of informing its
responsible readers what they might ac
complish by employing the resources at
their command: ', 
Our farmers should plant canaigre,
Sugar beets and beans;
You'll find your seed In the warehouse
Across the track at Dean's;
We want some new industries,
A cannery and flour mill; .
yP 'And if you don't secure them soon,
Our neighboring towns they will.
It's a good thing, push It along;
It's a good thing, push it along;
• . You bave plenty of "dough"
To make these things go:
So, farmers, push it along.
There's Joe McCabe, our financier,
Who loves, to spend his cash; I
And Peter King, he's in the ring,
And never does things rash. ,
' : f/\'fp Ike Huey always does his part *
And Grlgsby Is not slow, ,/SIJBB%Bm
And if these men but make a start
You bet the thing will go.
IT'S a good thing, push It along, etc
The Portland Oregonian is now 45 years
old, and has all the dignity and weight; a
vigorous career brings to bear at that age.
The Los Angeles Express publishes a re
markable : . showing of the recent progress
of that enterprising city. Although the
growth of Lob Angeles ; has been propor
tionately much more' rapid ' than that of j
San Francisco (taking only recent years
into account), and while this appears to
be a source of great gratification to our
contemporary, which is pleased to speak
somewhat disparagingly of what it calls the
"northern rival" of Los Angeles, we are
confident that Fan Francisco is glad to
know that its sister in the south is pros
pering so handsomely. But our contem
porary, in explaining the difference be
tween the two cities, makes this observa
tion, which it is well that every San Fran
ciscan should consider: "The cause of this
progress on one hand and retrogression
on the other is not far to seek ; it is largely
in the difference between the people who
inhabit the two towns." Even the follow
ing extract from the same article is inter
eating: "San Francisco, too, is suffering
from the fall that follows pride. : She
thought she controlled everything on this
coast so completely that she was mistress
of all the territory on this side of ; the
Rockies. She is finding out the mis take,
and will have to struggle to hold her trade
even in territory clearly tributary to her.
If Los Angeles continues along the road of
prosperity she is now traveling she will be
a city of 200,000 before the next census is
taken, and ten years more will see her a
bigger town than 'Frisco."
The. Clovis Herald, is a bright six-page
weekly and is . successor to the Enterprise,
which was secured by A. C. Wren, formerly
of Madera, and given its present name. If
merit will secure success, the newly named
paper will prosper.
The Modesto Herald, Inspired with the
spirit of progress which is being roused
throughout the State, is vigorously advo
cating the issuance of bonds for a bridge
at Hill's Ferry and also for a ball of rec
ords at Modesto, "and for any other public
necessity of like nature." j It wisely adds :
"To make expensive public improvements
by direct tax is unduly to burden the pres
ent generation for what future generations
will largely profit by." With reference to
the proposition to divide the county our
contemporary says : "As to the new county
proposition, there is no opportunity for
Newman to secede at present except as the
tail of Henry Miller's kite. In other
words, should a new county be organized
now (or in the immediate future), Miller's
millions would make Los Banos the county
seat. Should our friends possess their
souls in patience for a few years, however,
in the meantime bending their energies to
the development and settlement of the
contiguous territory, the time will come
when secession will be expedient, and
when that time comes Newman will be a
county seat. But if the venture is made
earlier, Newman will iose the honors and
prestige she so much desires and will be so
situated that she will never have another
opportunity to try for them."
The News is the name of a new journal
istic venture' at Santa Clara under the
conduct of L. W. McKenney. ''7/
Crockett has a new paper of handsome
appearance, called the Record. It is I a
weekly and is published by Hart A.
Downer, formerly editor of the Martinez
News. zy'/y /.7/-/:p
The Riverside Reflex makes the following
cheering announcement: "Wednesday was
indeed a red-letter day in Elsinore, for late
in the afternoon of that day the first rail
road train entered the heart of the town.
Hitherto passengers for Elsinore have
been carried by the Southern California
Railway to a station within some two
miles of the town and there put down to
make their way as best they could to their
destination. Of course good means of
further travel were provided by the hos
pitable Elsinoreans, but at best the rail
road service of the town.' has not been
good. Now not only do the cars put trav
elers down practically \at the doors of the
hotels and business houses but unques
tionably the railroad service is soon to be
further improved by a more direct connec
tion with Los Angeles, Riverside and the
outside world. In other words, the spur
of the Southern California Railway built
from the old Elsinore station up through
town to the coal mines and clay beds is
certainly to be soon extended through the
Temescai Canyon to South Riverside and
thence by way of Chino and Pomona to a
connection with the S. C. trunk line at or
near Lordsburg— at least at some point
between there and Los Angeles. This
means much to Elsinore, for it is the first
step toward providing those facilities and
conditions which are certain to make the
Lakeside town famous as a health and
pleasure resort." ■■''■ =
The Dcs Palos News, though but just en
tered upon its third year of life/has every
prospect of a long and prosperous career.
The Gonzales Tribune, which has been so
faithful an agent fn promoting the pros
perity of the Salinas Valley, has begun its
seventh year. * " *
The Hollister Free Lance has completed
its twelfth volume and will doubtless live
long to advance the interests of San Be
nito County. .. •
The Salinas Owl has given evidence of
its prosperity by increasing its size and
matting other improvements.
The Haywards Journal makes the pleas
ing statement that ail of the $7600 of the
tax levy has been paid except $5, and that
is expected to be paid in' before the time
arrives for publishing the delinquent list.
The Oakland Printer, a bright and ener
getic paper edited by A. J. Read in the in
terest of organized labor, has entered upon
its third year with encouraging prospects.
The Trinity Journal, published at Weav
erviile and known as one "of v the ablest
papers in the State, has begun its fortieth
volume. •
* The Contra. Costa Newt cf Martinez is
twenty-two years old and brighter than
ever. ..A/yA'/.z- AT/p/Pa/a-
The lone Valley Echo, which has so ably
assisted in the development of Amador
County, is now in its fourteenth volume.
Charles Waiter has sold the Bishop
(Inyo County) Index to the . Independent
and the Register of that place., .7
The Evening Press is the name of a bright
daily tbat has appeared at Santa Rosa. .
HUMOR OF THE DAY.
"Didn't I loan you $10 a month or so ago?"
"Yes, I believe you did. I'm ever so much
obliged for , your kindness. I feel that I can
never repay you."— Youkers Statesman.
Jack— Does not time fly when one's mind is
occupied? . ;'7J7:
Tom— one's mind is occupied in fly
time.— Vogue. '■■ -. : .. .
Old Young Lady (coquettishly)— How old are
you, little boy?
"Four years." ,T .' '
; "And can you guess how old I am?" : *
B6"Noi I can only . count upjto thirty."—
Bits. , .- *;•*, . ■. -y- ■
Blighter— We had a fine bit of realism at the
theater last night. }
Blitherer— I didn't notice it. **'
Blighter— Why, the applause was genuine.—
Plck-Mc-Up. - ; ' ' ' -p :'■'
"1 am astounded," said i the man who had
finished his new house. '■' "The cost is actually
within the estimates." ;*-'.- . •..;.">.;>• sr'.
"I used to make rebuilding estimates ? for an
Insurance company," explained v the . archi-
Indianapolis Journal. r ' ,
INDIVIDUAL COMMUNION CUPS.
: For the first time in the history of Presbyte
rianism in Brooklyn individual " cups were
used in dispensing the communion wine at the
Ross-street Presbyterian Church yesterday,
says the Eagle. When the time arrived for
dispensing the wine the elders, in place of each
taking one of the large silver goblets formerly
used and passing them around, used chalice
holders with three racks on each. On each of
the racks were twenty tiny metal goblets filled
with wine. The dispensation of the wine by
the new arrangement proved .more speedy and
convenient than under the old. Although the
congregation was taken completely by sur
prise, the trustees having made the change on
their own responsibility after prolonged and
THE CHALICE HOLDER.
careful consideration, nothing but favorable
comment on the innovation was heard. •;.-:* ■;
The chalice holders are of a very attractive
design and are especially adapted to holding
the cups, which, with their contents, are satis
factorily protected by covers. The holders are
quickly adjusted at .the time of passing the
wine, thereby admitting of the convenient re
moval of the cups from the trays. Both ma
hogany and ebouized wood are used in their
construction. There is a patent pipette made
for filling the cups separately. The latter are
first arranged in the trays and the wine, hav
ing been -"trained through a cotton-flannel bag
and the dust-excluding covers having been re
moved out of the way, each cup is filled sepa
rately. The pipette is adjusted with a rubber
tube, to be compressed by the thumb and rin
gers, and is graduated to teaspoonfuls. For
large churches, again, where rapid tilling is
desirable, a filling device is provided, consist
ing of a glass bottle with an opening in the
side, near the bottom, into which is fitted a
horizontal tube with holes spaced the same
distance apart as the cups and corresrjonding
with them in number. * -
In receiving the cups the chalice-holdere are
passed into the pews, the long handle enabling
it to be readily received by the occupants.
PERSONAL.
Superior Judge R. McGarvey of Ukiah is at
the Grand.
Ex-Mayor Ben U. Steinman of Sacramento is
at the Palace. |
" S. H. Callen of the Williams Farmer is stay
ing at the Grand.
Charles F. Irwin, an attorney of Placerville,
is a guest at the Grand.
D. S. Rosenbaum, a prominent merchant of
Stockton, is at the Palace.
Trennor Coffin, an attorney of Carson, regis
tered yesterday at the Grand.
Ex-Judge D. P. Hatch, a well-known attorney
of Los Angeles, is at the Palace.
Ex-Supervisor Judge John F. Finn and Mrs.
Finn arrived here yesterday from a tour of
Europe and are staying at the Palace.
George E. Card, ex-United States Marshal for
the Southern district, came in from Los An
geles yesterday and registered at the Palace.
Mr. and Mrs. Clans Spreckels returned to
their residence in this City last evening from
a fortnight's vacation at their country home
in Aptos.
Daniel Batigh, president of the Philadelphia
Art Club, and Mrs. Baugb, arrived here yester
day on their way to China and are staying at
tne Palace. 7 - - .*.*
Otto Mears, a railroad magnate and politi
cian of Colorado, is at the Palace. He is presi
dent of the Rip Grande Southern and the 811
--verton railways. * / '
Lieutenant-Colonel Charles R. Suter, who
succeeds Colonel George 11. Mendcll (retired-)
in tbis district, has arrived from St. Louis and
is staying at the Occidental.
PEOPLE WORTH READING ABOUT.
Edna Lyall states that the original for her
patriotic "Doreen" was the popular Welsh can
tatrlce, Edith Wynne.
"Mrs. Barney Baruato," soys Emelle Melville,
the actress, "is a very charming woman, but—
I hardly like to say it— she is very, very much
of a brunette."
Patti has been taking part in a pantomime
performance for a London charity. It is said
that she saw nothing humorous, or even pa
thetic, in assuming a dumb-show role.
More persons have climbed the Alps this win
ter than ever before in the season of snow and
ice. Professor Fischer's recent ascent of the
Fiusteraarhorn was the first winter ascent of
that mountain ever made.
The Rev. J. A. Rondthaler, pastor of the
Tabernacle Presbyterian Church of Indianapo
lis, has been forced to resign his charge be
causo certain members of . his congregation
were opposed to Mb riding a wheel.
Bronson Howard is a great student of the
drama and is one of the most scholarly of liv
ing playwrights. One of his pet hobbies is the
immortality of a really good, "gag." He has
found in the Greek and Roman comedies the
germ of several of the most popular witticisms
in American plays of recent origin.
The German Emperor is developing into a
jack-of-all-trades. At a recent exhibition of an
electrical contrivance before a large company
William examined the machine critically and
then took it apart and put it together again,
much to the astonishment of the \ guests. He
neglected to explain that he spent the previ
ous morning with the inventor examining the
instrument in every detail.
The heir to the* throne of Portugal, who re
joices in fourteen Christian names, has ex
pressed a wish to marry the only daughter of
the Emperor of Germany. The reason he as
signs indicates great prudence on the part of
this 10-year-old titled gentleman. "Papa says
Germany is the biggest empire, and so I shall
not let any one else have the only German
Princess."
President KTUger of the Transvaal republic
is one of the greatest diplomats in the world.
He is a living proof oi the fact that in rare 'in
stances the diplomatist is born, not made. He
is ignorant of letters and the elegancies of life
and his range of reading is very limited, but
the old Boer possesses qualities that enable
him to cope with the cleverest of the trained
diplomatists of England.
LETTERS FROM THE PEOPLE.
THE NEW SILVER PARTY.
The Platform Not the Single Issue or F&eb
%£sSß_MfjotWsJSijs. Coinage.
To the Editor of the San Francisco Call— :
The political history of our country for the
year 1898 can no more be written or under
stood without including the financial question
than can that of the year 1860, when Lincoln
was elected, be written or understood without
including the slavery question. . Among the
events to become noted is that of January 23,
whichwitnessed the inauguration ot the new sil
ver party at the National Capital; and the plat
form adopted on that day is destined to become
a factor of prime importance in molding public
opinion during the campaign of 18967; Indeed,
on the very day, the platform .was adopted, a
distinguished United States Senator, who rep
resented the dominant' party in his place in
the Senate ; chamber, promptly sought jto im
press the country with ; his devotion to silver
as a money metal, but qualified \ his i fealty to
silver by |an avowed superior ; devotion to his
party, and, so far as reported, he made no ref-
erence to a government currency or the bond
question. His confessed anxiety found ex
pression only in the familiar plea of the long
known silver politician who occasionally re
members his constituency.
"The paramont issue at this time in the
United States is indisputably the money ques
tion," so theopeningseutonceof tbe new party
platform declares, and then proceeds at once
to define the money question in words not to
be misunderstood. The issue "is between the
gold standard, gold bonds and bank currency
on;one side and the bimetallic standard, no
bonds and Government currency, on the
other." All the idle and feverish talk about a
party with a single silver issue has now
vanished with the breath that gave it utter
ance, and in place of it we are given a broad
National issue. It is the "money question,"
not the single, silver issue. Thus by a sharp
contrast tbe marked difference between the
old-style silver talk of the last twenty years
and the advance position taken by the great
silver leaders of the new party is made mani
fest. . .-■..,.-.
"On this (money) issue we declare ourselves
to be in favor of a distinctive American finan
cial system." So reads the third sentence of
this new party platform, and this system is to
provide that "the silver coin shall be a full
legal tender, equal with gold for all debts and
due», public and private." Bo much for silver.
On paper money we have this explicit dec
laration: "We hold that the power to control
and regulate a par currency is inseparable
from the power to coin money, and hence that
all currency intended to circulate as money
should be issued and its volume controlled by
the General Government only and should be
legal tender." This position on paper money
as well as that taken on silver is in full accord
with the position always held by Populists,
and on this statement of "the paramount Issue
of the money question" there is no conflict be
tween the new silver party and the People's
party. ' In opposition to the issue of Govern
ment- bonds in time of peace, and in 6hort in
every declaration made in the new platform,
there is no inharmonv between the silver men
and the Populist--.
The decision made by the new party to hold
the National Convention in St. Louis on July
22, being the same time and place chosen for
the Populist National Convention, is full of
significance, the open and avowed purpose
being to try to unite these two political forces
in the nomiiJetion and support of the same
candidates for President and Vice-President.
The platform closes with an "appeal to the
people of the United States, that, leaving in
abeyance for a moment all other questions,
however important and even momentous they
may appearand sundering if need be all for
mer party affiliation, they unite in a supreme
effort to free themselves and their children
from the domination of the money power—
power more destructive than any other which
has ever been fastened upon the civilized men
of any race or in any age." There can be no
doubt that the two g."eat conventions, of more
than a thousand delegates each, will assemble
in St. Louis fully inspired with the spirit and
purpose of this appeal, and it will be a politi
cal marvel indeed if they fail to find the way
to a complete and solid union on candidates
and a close approach to union on platforms.
It may seem a rash prediction at this moment
to say that there are many voters who are now
too indifferent to take serious interest in this
movement that will realize its meaning before
they vole next November.
Joseph Asbuby Johnson.
11 Essex street, San Francisco.
MISSES' DRESS WITH BLOUSE AND
WIDE COLLAR.
Here is a charming model for school dresses.
The cut is at once comfortable and stylish.
Plaids make up very satisfactorily with collar
and cuffs of plain cloth. A gay plaid, showing
all the hues of the peacock's plumes, had a
yoke and collar of dull green cloth.
Another plaid, less gay, had blue collar and
cuffs/with narrow black braid on the edges.
A plain blue serge dress with cuffs and coir
lar of plaid, cither silk or wool, is pretty.
A brown cheviot, showing pint and red
threads in the weave, had a collar of pink
cloth covered with red braiding done in a
simple design.
A dark green dress with collar and cuffs of
white cloth edged with mink, fur makes a
very rich looking and stylish dress for best
wear. . --..,
An electric blue, with collar and cuffs of a
lighter shade with an edge of gold braiding,
had a frill of heavy lace around the former.
A mignonette green crepon had the collar
and cuffs of batiste made separate for launder
ing. ...--.-. ■ .* • ,
A blue and black mixture had black velvet
cuffs and collar, with a tiny band of heavy
creamy lace laid flat on the edges.
FROM WESTERN SANCTUMS.
Decidedly Uncertain.
Pasadena News.
There are so many conflicting currents that
the war cloud doesn't know where to hang up.
Prepare to Avoid It.
Woodland Democrat.
We agree with the ministers that war Is bar
barcrus, but the surest way to prevent it is to
be so well prepared for it that other countries
in\'oa h qulr a rer ° leSOmefearof P rovokl ng us
What the Valley Road Did.
- Vlsalia Delta.
A dispatch says that as a result of the Valley
road movement, house property and real estate
h aye advanced » f v } l y *-° Per cent in value
&, he ity £ mit, i and " ls ** ta * ed on good
fXSto-day! *' QOt * hOUSO fbr re *- t^
The Canal Project.
■_//•'/■ Red Bluff sentinel.
The building of the long-talked-of canal from
Redding to the Suisun .Bay would be & good
di£s2._7-& 0 Sac , rai ; Valley editors to
he «, T fi»n^ eir } ri --5 meeting. . It would also
of th^fP.^n S1 - *? ,eot *° engage the attention
f^i „ s st, ta V? Development Committee, for noth
}?<?„ could be done of greater value to this sec
tion of the State than that canal. "
Silver Men Becoming Numerous.
• Woodland Democrat. *
A Republican contemporary calls free-silver
Republicans nondescripts. All the same these
nondescripts are increasing in strength in the
I United States Senate/ Pennsylvania and New
Hampshire are each represented by a^free
silver Senator, Utah will add two more to the
ranks and Foraker"s . past election utterances
may. be construed to mean that he ia also
ready to join the silver cohorts.
River and Harbor -Improvements
Needed*
Stockton Independent.
Steamboat men hailed the rain with peculiar
pleasure. The bars and shallows are not likely
to bother them again for six months, and
steamboat travel will be as regular as that by
train. If Congress will do justice by California
the difficulties of navigation can all be re
moved before the next -season of low water. * -
"Let Them Come In.'
Astoria News.
The admission of Utah ought to clear the
wav for the omnibus territorial bill for the ad
mission of the three remaining Territories of
Oklahoma, New Mexico and Arizona. If this
were done the United States would be a solid
body of States from the Atlantic to the Pacitic.
Early in the next century the Territory of
Alaska will doubtless be ready for admission,
but is not now to be considered.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS
■ - .... ■■"....- :--■.-.
— — -»■■ -mm i i ■■ '■ _- _ - T -.
Bat Mastebson— A Reader, Oakland, Cat.
Bat Masterson, the Colorado sporting man, is
still alive. His present residence is Cripple
Creek, Colo.
■'
National Indebtedness— E. F., City. The
debt of Great Britain is $3,350,719,563; that
of the United States on the Ist of last Decem
ber was $1,708,871,670 90.
Police Department— S., City. A recent ordi
nance of the Board of Supervisors allows the
Police Department forty-three sergeants and
twelve corporals. The appointments have all
been made.
•*--■"*■:.■'
No License Required— C. 8. , City. A person
engaged in the business of offering newspapers
for sale or soliciting subscribers for newspapers
is not required by the City ordinances to take
out a license.
Slatteby— J. R., City. Blattery, who was re
moved from the office of priest by Archbishop
Walsh and who afterward figured in the United
States, was in charge of one of the parishes in
the city of Dublin, Ireland, at the time of bis
removal.
Windows— W. L., City. The owner of a lot
may build a house the full width of his lot and
place windows on each side if he wishes, but
the law does not prevent bis neighbor on
each side from building up and shutting out
the light from these windows.
A Nickel— C. C, racbeco, Cal. Answers to
Correspondents did not announce that there
was a premium on a 5-cent nickel with the
word cents on it. It announced that there is
no premium on a nickel that has not the word
cents on it. Nickels with the word cents are
offered by dealers at from 15 to 20 cents.
Transvaal— City. The law of Transvaal
requires that a foreigner desiring to become a
citizen of that republic shall have been a resi
dent for two years, shall take the oath oi alle
giance to republic and be in the occupation
by lease or ownership of property of the value
of £100 or be in the receipt of a salary of £500
yearly. * ■* *. ■ .
Intestate— J., Oakland, Cal. If a married
woman dies in this State and at tne time of
her death was possessed of property in her
own right and does not leave a will the prop
erty, ii there is one child or the lawful issue
of one child, goes in equal parts to the sur
viving husband and child; if the dece
dent left a husband and mora than one child
or issue of a child one-third of the property
goes to the surviving husband and the re
maining two-thiids is divided equally among
the children.
Cows' Teeth— W., City. Cattle, which in
cludes cows, are distinguished as to their
teeth by having eight lower incisors and none
upper. These are the cutting teeth. They
have no canine teeth or tusks, but have six
molars or grinding teeth, six on each side of
the upper jaw and six each side of the lower.
Th« upper jaw has no incisors upon which the
lower incisors meet the upper ja v, but the
upper jaw where the teeth should meet if
there were any is thickened, hard and in aged
animals is almost horny.
Parks op the World— W. R., City. The
extreme length of Golden-Gate Park, from the
entrance to the panhandle fronting on Baker
street to the ocean beach, is 20,000 feet ; the
panhandle is 2800 feet, and its area is 1042
acres. The principal park in London is Re
gent's Park, 450 acres; In Paris the Bofs'de
Boulogne, 2100 acres; and in Berlin the Lust
garten with its museums. Other noted parks
in European countries are: Phoenix Park, Dub
lin, 1760 acres: the Prater at Vienna, 2300
acres; the Royal Park at Munich, 1300 acres;,
the Queen's Park, Edinburgh, 407 acres. In
the United States some of the noted parks are:
Central Park, New York, 862 acres; Fairmoun t
Park, Philadelphia, 2740 acres; Prospect Park,
Brooklyn, N. x., 550 acres; Boston Commons,
48 acres, and public gardens adjoining 21^
acres; Jefferson Park, Chicago, 586 acres;
Tower Grove, St. Louis, 277 acres; Eden Park,
Cincinnati, 216 acres, and the National Park,
sometimes called the Yellowstone Park, and
Yosemi to Val ley.
Special information daily to manufacturer-*,
business houses and public men by the Press
Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Montgomery. *
Mr. Pegg Long— basket of patent medi
cines! What on earth you got 'em for?
Mrs. Doser's Boy— Mars' going to take 'em.
She wants to get 'er pictur' in the papers.—
Truth. .-.:;.-
Rhk*-_atis_ Is overcame by Hool's Sarsapa
rilla, because the latter makes pure, rich, red blood,
neutralizing the lactic acid, which causes the com
plaint. Hundreds tell of remarkable cures.
"Mrs. "Wii-sloW-* Soothing Syrup"
Has been used over fifty years by millions of moth
ers for their children while Teething with perfect
success. It soothes the child, softens the gams, al
lays Pain, cures Wind Colic, regulates the Bowels
and is the best remedy for Diarrhoeas, whether
arising from teething or other causes. For sale by
Druggists la every part of the world. Be sure aut
ask tor Mrs. Winslow's Soothing Syr a*» * .
bottle.
Cobokado.— Atmosphere is perfectly dry, soft
and mild, and Is entirely free from the mists com
mon further north. Round-trip tickets, by steam
ship, including fifteen days' board at the Hotel del
Coronado, $60: longer stay $3 60 per day. Apply
4 New Montgomery st., San Francisco.
To -reduce your weight, use Vrettos' Belt.
Inez— You look discouraged.
Irene— l am. I have proposed to four men
already this year, and each has promised to be
a brother to Yonkers Statesman.
NEW TO-DAT.
WONDER
WORKERS
WONDER Cough Cure.... 250
NEVER FAILS.
WONDER Toothache Drops 85c
NEVER FAIL.
WONDER Corn Cure ../.....25c
NEVER FAILS.
WONDER Hair Restorer 800
mn CERTAIN AND SAFE.
WONDER Liniment. 50c
- BANISHES PAIN. ;., r 5
Sole Agents for Dr. Charcot's Nerve Pills, ?1 a
box ; a lor ?5.
Mail orders promptly attended to.
THE WONEETdBU WORE
(FLETCHER & CO.),
1028 Market Street.
tjcJ DA I kY^4L .
JJg-fe- SPECIAL X
I'M Monday, Jan. S7th. To-day only.
1 1 ffl Silk Stockings, value 75c
IB to $1.50, black and ass't'd
iffl colors, reduced one day
m . to 50c to ever body.
JI Do you read Smiths Weekly!
fig Saves big money to buyers. .*.
M -.., Smiths' Cash Store,
«M 414,416, 418 FRONT ST., S.f.®»* mains* " *
*&
MONDAY ~. JANUARY 27,1898
AMUSEMENTS.
California Theater—" In Old Kentucky.**
Columbia Theater— ""Men and Women."'
Morosco's Oi'KKA-lIOLbK- -Tlir- Editor."
Tivo-m Opera-House.— ••lxiou; or, The Man of
tie Wheel."
Orphecm.— High-Class Vaudeville.
6"ao*rsß*a Alcazar.— "A Canting Scoundrel."
Machonoi-ch Tufa tee (Oakland) -Schilling's
Famous .Minstrels, to-night.
Eacor«Mc chi-tks.— Dally at Halght street
crel !ock east of the Park.
1 ay Sinucr Track.— Races to-day.
AUCTION SALES.
Barrett & Sherwood— To-day (Mondavi,
Diamonds, Watches, Jewelry, etc., at 9 and 11
Geary street, at 11a. m. and 7:30 p. M.
CITY NEWS IN BRIEF,
The Sutro electric road will be operated
to-day. -,
The new Cliff House was opened for business
yesterday.
Showers for to-day It the weather bureau
prediction.
There wos a heavy storm at the ocean'beach
yesterday afternoon.
Colonel Charles R. Suter, who succeeds
Colonel Mcndell, Is in the City.
Mayor Sutro is not pleased with the Estee
memorial against the funding bill.
A meeting of the memorial committee against
a funding bill and in favor of foreclosure will
be called for to-day.
Rev. Pay Palmer addressed a large audience
at Metropolitan Hall yesterday on "What Is
True Americanism?"
A banquet was given last night by the Ser
vian Society ot this City in honor of St. Savoe,
the patron saint of c**ervia.
Dr. Brown will make his statement to the
committee of inquiry at the First Congrega
tional Church evening.
Some remarkable scores were made in the
6torni at Schuetzen Park yesterday by marks
men shooting for the Schuemann gala medals.
For all the bad weather yesterday several
hundred military riflemen and German sharp
shooters held their regular rifle practice at the
Shell Mound range. ", ty.-./p,
-—^ There was a 'JO-man 10-shot rifle match for a
trophy held yesterday at the Shell Mound
range between teams "from Companies A and
K. The latter won by 15 points.
A number of rifle flubs in this State and
Nevada have about decided to adopt the Co
lumbia target introduced by the Columbia
Pistol and Rifle Club of this City.
Dr. J. L. York, the liberal lecturer, in speak
ing of the present religious controversy, says
that religion is good enough in its place, but
its place is not in politics and affairs of State.
The first day's session of the thirty-third
annual session of the District Grand Lodge
No. 4, 1. O. B. 8., convened at B'nai B'rith
Hall yesterday, and its deliberations occupied
the entire day.
Henry Bolenhagen. a bartender, disappeared
from home Saturday week with his little son,
leaving a wife and two young daughters desti
tute. It is thought he went to Germany and
will not return.
Policemen complain that their new $9 50
Chicago mackintoshes do not shed water but
that the rain soaks right, through. Captain
Wittman thinks the complaints come from
chronic kickers.
The San Francisco branch ol the Y. M. C. A.
celebrated its forty-third anniversary yester
day in the association auditorium. Bishop
Goodsell delivered an eloquent address before
a large audience.
Nellie Murphy, a young dressmaker, was
booked at the City Prison yesterday on the
charge of grand larceny for stealing $700
from Stephen Castro, agent for Wells-Fargo _
Co. at Castroville.
The primary committee of th© anti-Buckley
faction of the Democratic party will meet to
night to make arrangements for the election of
a new general committee. It will probably be
held on February 14.
During a dispute about 25 cents yesterday
afternoon Marco Dominico, keeper of a restau
rant at 1333 Battery street, stabbed Joseph Ca
xnozzi, a waiter, in the right breast and was
arrested for assault to murder.
The event of the day at the handball courts
yesterday was a.. match at the San .Francisco
between Amateur Champion Donnelly and
T. 1. Bonnet and Coast Champion Harlow and
J. C. Nealon, the two former winning.
Henry Wilson, George Williams, Frank Dol
lard, John Lamar and Ed Watson were ar
rested yesterday for disturbing the peace ot J.
W. Taon, a saloon-keeper at 330 Seventeenth
street, whose place they wrecked. Wilson was
charged with battery.
Theodore Durrant, the convicted and con
demned murderer of Blanche Lamont, has
grown sullen during the past two weeks. One
reason assigned for this is the uncertainty
which surrounds February 11, at which time
his attorneys will move for a new trial.
Court Ferrucio No. 132, American Foresters,
gave a concert and ball at New Garibaldi Hall
last evening. The concert was well arranged
and was participated in by a number of tal
ented performers. £. Ruggiero acted as floor
manager during the latter part of the evening.
George Thompson, alias Riley, was arrested
last evening by Detectives Egan and Silvey and
charged with grand larceny. He is accused of
being one of the trio who recently entered the
premises at 127 Main street and stealing a
quantity of brass pipe. The other two were
arrested Friday.
A new concrete sustaining-wall at the North
Cosmopolitan School has pressed in over the
playground, and children are not allowed to
go near it. The newly asphalted yard has
sunk several feet, and the ruts had to be
planked over temporarily. School Director
Henderson says it is the worst case of jobbery
the board has seen.
Captain Filmer of Company B of the new
City regiment has submitted plans of the
Market-street armory to Colonel Macdonald,
suggesting extensive alterations, including the
addition of an immense drill hall over the one
now used. It is believed that the proposition
will meet with favor and that the regiment
will eventually make its headquarters there.
Johannas Johnson, a saloon-keeper on Ken
tucky street, was taken to the Receiving Hos
pital last evening, and the doctors spent an
hour sewing up and putting plasters on a large
assortment of scalp wounds on the saloon man's
head. Andrew Anderson, a sailor recently
from Alaska, objected to Johnson's attentions
to Mrs. Anderson, and he emphasized his dis
approval by beating the saloon-keeper with a
walrus tusk weighing about live pounds. An
derson was arrested.
The Servian Banquet.
The annual banquet in honor of St. Savve,
the patron saint of Servia, was held by the
Servian and Mentenegrin Literary and Benev
olent Society at 10 California street last even
ing. The festivities were presided over b7
President Lazar Jovovich and Past President
P. L. Vucanovich and about eighty members
of the society were present. Songs'and recita
tions were given by Spire Radulovich, Lazar
'"hurich, V. Jovich, L. Manlich, I. Rajenovich,
L. Vucotich and Peter Reglia. Master John
Golcovich, a boy of 7 years, sang several songs
in Servian and English.
Slipped From the Train.
Joseph Oberton, a boy living with his parents
at 555 Stevenson street, sustained a fracture of
the left thigh last evening, and was sent to the
Receiving Hospital. He was at the Ocean
Beach,, and as the last train was leaving for
town he swung on the rear platform. The
steps being wet his foot slipped, and he was
hurled to the ground.
NEW TO-DAY.
Have
YOU
Tried
©ticura
the great
SKIN CURE?
Its cures of torturing, disfiguring. humili-
ating nomori are the most wonderful over -
recorded.
Sold throughout the world. British depot: New-
ibeey, x, King Edward-st., London. Potter Drub .
a Chbm. Cow., bole Props., Boston, U. S. A.
THE PAULISTS CELEBRATE
Conversion of St. Paul Observed
at Old St. Mary's
Church.
WORK OF THE MISSIONARIES.
How the Community Has Sprung Up
to Great Power in the
. . United States.
The Paulists bad a special service yester
day. It was in commemoration of the
conversion of Saint Paul, who is ' the
patron of this community of priests.
The historical old church on Califor
nia street was thronged with people at the
solemn high mass, which was celebrated
at 10:30 o'clock. Hundreds were obliged
to stand in the aisles of the church.
The services were impressive and the
altar decorations beautiful. Special music
was provided. The celebrant of the mass
was Rev. Father A. M. Clark, C. S. P.;
deacon. Rev. Father E. Gente. B. M.,
pastor of the French Church ; sub-deacon,
Rev. Father Wyman. Rev. Father Otis
was master of ceremonies.
The other clergymen present included the
Rev. P. E. Yorke. chancellor of the arch
diocese of San Francisco; Rev. Father
Allen, S. J., pastor of St. Ignatius Church ;
Rev. Father McGovern, O. P., pastor of
St. Dominic's Church; Rev. Father Ed
mund of the Franciscan Fathers, Rev.
Father Brennan of St. Patrick's Church!
Rev. Father Byrne of St. Mary's Cathedral
and Rev. Father U'Ryan, editor of the
Monitor. -."*:;■
The Paulist Fathers have made great
progress since taking charge of old St.
Rev. Father Ryan as He Preached Yesterday at the Special Services Held in Honor of St. Paul at Old
St. Mary's Church on California Street.
[Sketched by a "Call " artist.]
j Mary's Church at the request of Arch
| bishop Riordan a little more than a year
ago. They are all American priests, and
are imbued with the idea of converting the
whole American people to the Catholic.in
terpretation of Christianity. The founder
of the community was reared in the Prot
estant faith, the faith of his fathers for
generations back. 7 7
In the course of time other Protestants,
ministers of high rank in the church, lay
men, men with professions, men of wealth,
all went over to Rome and began an intel
i lectual crusade against the beliefs which
they left behind. Thus the society has
grown to be quite a power in the American
Catholic church. The members are men
of deep learning, men of ideas.' broad
minded, brilliant, progressive. They are
banded together for a common purpose
and work for a common end. .
The Panlists have two houses in the
United States— one in San Francisco and
the other in New York. Their success
here has been sudden, substantial, lasting.
Father O'Ryan preached his first ser
mon in San Francisco at St. Mary's
Church yesterday. He is quite a pleasing
talker. Ho was educated at the Catholic
University at Washington, D. 0„ and is
| one of the promising young men of the
j priesthood in California. Father O'Ryan,
besides being an orator, is an easy and
graceful writer. His discourse yesterday
was on the "Conversion of St. Paul."
In his opening sentences the preacher
spoke of the splendid results that attended
the conversion of St. Paul to Christianity.
He reviewed his far-reaching influence on
the civilization of the world ; his mission
ary labors; the "priceless literature he left
to mankind ; how he became a rabbi. Said
the speaker:-
The one great aim o_St. Paul was to lead the
gentile world into the church. But his ' heart
was rent because of the obstinacy of the seed
of Abraham— now he is the David of that race
in his paternal care and the Jercmias in his
lamentations. ( Every great city in the East he
visited— Antioch, Ephesus, Athens, Corinth—
until a divine destiny led him to Rome, where
he consummated. his life sacrifice. Being a
Roman citizen he was accorded the privilege,
if privilege it could be called, of dying by
the sword.
. His | conversion was thorough . - and •so
thorough that the remainder of his life was
entirely devoted to the work of Christ. In
Paul we see the real power of Christianity
and of divine grace. . His natural good quali
ties remained, but they were elevated, en
nobled, sanctified. He lived but for one object
and for that he died. There was no harking
back; no doubt on his mind. ,. He was a Chris
tian out and out. How different was that life
from ours who have been brought up in the
truth. ,-■ '-*■■, "-.-, -'■ i. ;,->;■..*>•-. *.;
But for those outside our church there are
wonderful lessons to be learned. While St.
Paul was still an enemy of the church he was
led by blind fanaticism. He never took time
THE SAN FBAISI CISCO CALL, MONDAY, JANUARY 27, 1896.
to consider. He went on his way and never
took time to consider what motives animated
the youthful Stephen. Paul never imagined
that the law of which he was such a stanch
supporter had passed away; be never dreamed
where the full truth lay. And so though hon
est and sincere he persecuted that which he
knew nothing about. His errors were the
errors ot a misguided intellect. So, too, are
there many people who think harshly about
the Catholic Church without knowing what
she teaches. There are many people, honest
minded, who would shuader at the idea of be
coming Catholics, and yet would not willfully
offend God. Remember that Saul abhorred the
very name of Christ because he did not know
what It meant.
But when divine revelation taught him the
full truth see how eagerly he embraced it. He
needed but light. He had but to know the
truth and the truth and light revolutionized
his career. He was no longer the fierce perse
cutor; he became the apostle w*hose heart
burned with the desire of preaching that
truth, because he knew by his own experience
that were it only known millions would be
won by it. .
Examples of St. Paul are numerous in every
age, but in modern times and in our own coun
try there Is no more glorious example than tho
men who founded the Congregation of St.
Paul and the members of that congregation.
It was founded by Isaac Hecker, who had to
fight his way into the church. He was con
verted by no such miracle as St. Paul.
In younger days the little faith he had was
almost shattered, but he was honest, sincere,
sympathetic. He was a grand specimen of
pure humanity. He was groping in darkness
anxious for truth, yearning to find a solution
for life's riddle, and could not solve it. Finally
this man, sincere and honest, seeking nothing
but the truth and the whole truth, began to
study the doctrines of the Catholic church.
And when the truth possessed in full by the old
church burst on him he followed the example
of St, Paul and immediately embraced.it. Like
St. Paul, he lived for nothing but the truth.
He saw the need of spreading it, of teaching
the outside world. He saw the field ripe for
the harvest. He had a greater missionary field
open before him than St. Paul himself.
Among the millions of his fellow-country
men—and he and his could teach them best,
because from experience they knew how diffi
cult it is to leave the faith of one's fathers, to
see all the traditions which brighten child
hood's dreams shattered. And the big sympa
thetic heart of Father Isaac Hecker burned to
spread the truths of the Catholic church.
As St. Paul's bitterest anxiety was for his
own "race— the race of Israel— his own dear
people, whose glories were before his imagina
tion and in his affections from childhood— the
race which had the promises, but had madly
thrown them away— so, too, -were Isaac Hecker
and his followers filled with the desire to
spread the truth among the people they had
left. And when ne came to finu a name for J
his congregation there was none more suitable
than that of the apostle of the Gei.tUes. A '
noole work, a grand work is this— the work of
.St.* Paul.
The Paullsts only ask to be heard. Their
only desire is to spread the truth. And through
the length and breadth of this golden coast
have they gone on their work of mercy. Why
should we fear the truth? Why should the
tiuth be hid? If the full truth belli the Catholic
Church, why not hold it up before the world?
The triumph of truth is the triumph of reason,
and the triumph of reason is the glorious crown
of civilization. As Christianity had nothing to
fear but everything to Rain 'from the public
preaehiug oi St. Paul, 60, too, has the Catholic
Church everything to hope from an intelligent
presentation of its doctrines. We have noth
ing to hide, nothing to conceal. This i* the
mission of the Paulist Fathers— to spread the
truth. And on this feast day of . their glorious
patron let us pray that God may bless their
work. Let us pray that we all may stand -firm
in the path, as St. Paul did, that the cry of
every one might be, "Lord, what wilt thou
have me to do?"
PLANS FOR THE ARMORY.
Suggestions for Alterations in . the
Building on Market
.-'/ * ' Street.-. 77 "777
-The trouble which has arisen in the new
San Francisco regiment over the choice of
an armory for the surviving companies of
the former regiments gives promise of
early settlement, and there is considerable
likelihood' that' the companies, exclusive
of the "Nationals," may be domiciled in
the building on the corner of Market and
Tenth streets.
Captain George Filmer, the commanding
officer: of Company B, has submitted to
Colonel Macdonald a plan of this armory,
with suggestions for extensive alterations,
which, if acted ' upon, would r make the
place large enough for the. entire com
mand. *.....: ;
The building was formerly the home of
the old First Infantry ; and < was erected for
regimental quarters originally. All of the
company rooms are sufficiently large '■■ for
ordinary purposes, and: are well arranged
on the "two floors along the Market-street
front of the structure. ■'} . ■
Captain Filmer's principal suggestion as
to alterations jis '■ that an additional drill
floor be built directly over the one now
used, and about on a line with the present
galleries. The 1 great height of the ceiling
■ would | easily permit of | such an arrange
ment, and if the plan be adopted the com
panies located in rooms; on the upper floor
will have an immense drill hall, spreading
from side to side of the building and from
the rear wall right to the entrance to their
quarters. .The companies below will then
have exclusive use of the present hall.
A REMNANT OF HUMANITY.
The Fair Temptress of Rev. Dr.
Brown as Dr. Williams
Speaks of Her.
THE PREACHER'S PROSPECTS.
Three Lines of Defense to Be Followed
by Dr. Brown's Judges and «
Friends.
J-tev. Dr. C. 0. Brown will appear before
a mild court-of inquiry this evening. : '■;■'/•
Owing to his almost complete recovery
I from recent indisposition the plan of hold
| ing the sessions of the committee at Ply
; mouth Church has been changed and the
pastor's study, or office, at the First Con
gregational Church will be the scene of
the investigation. Plymouth Church is
but a block from Dr. Brown's home and
the offer of the use of that church was
made by its courteous pastor in considera
tion of the ill health of the man on trial.
Now that he is well the committee con
sults its own convenience in returning to
the former place of meeting. In case it
| continues to hold meetings, which does
not seem probable to most of the members,
the sessions will be at the First Church. 7:
Professor Lloyd conducted services \at
the ill-starred church at the corner of Post
and Mason streets yesterday afternoon and
evening. No member of the Brown family
was present at either of the services.
Dr. Brown will make his statement of
the case this evening, ana, whether it im
presses the committee favorably or not, the
reading of that statement, it is predicted,
will be followed by a motion to refer the
matter to the First Church, with the ad
vice that it call a council of Congregational
churches immediately. Members of the
committee as well as of the church are of
the opinion that a council of the churches
will serve the same and a broader purpose
in that while ' investigating Dr. Brown's
ministerial standing it. includes his stand
ing as a member of the church, of which
latter consideration only the First Church
could take cognizance. ,
Rev. Dr. W. D. Williams is known to be
in possession of information which will
be valuable in the case, ; which was fur
nished presumably by Dr. Brown and
is as yet a sealed book to g other members
of the committee of investigation. : What
this is he refuses to say but j acknowledges
that it is of such nature as to brighten
the prospects of exoneration of the sus
pected preacher. AT. p.: ,y ;-,A
"It will brighten them," he said reflect
ively, "but whether the brightness of the
noonday sun is a question, depending for
its answer upon the -varying views of the
individual members of the committee."
i "What proof would satisfy the commit
tee that Dr. Brown is* innocent?" asked a
Call reporter.
"First, that the references in Miss Over
man's letter 3 can be -explained by other
circumstances than a violation of ,the
seventh commandment. Certain other
letters of , hers may, prove this. a Second,
that it shall *be shown that Mrs. A.
Stockton's character is such that her testi
mony cannot be accepted. Third, that Dr.
Brown's purpose in .paying those sums of
money was; to aid in the conviction of
blackmailers arid extortionists."
"What view. is ' the committee likely to
take of Dr. Brown's permitting Mrs. Stock
ton to remain in the church after he knew
her true character '
| "I trust a Christian and charitable one,"
said Dr. Williams. ! i "It is no easy matter,
nor is it always well for the church, to
prefer charges and bring about a public
trial of a member. It has been my pain
ful duty to drop the names of one or two
persons from the- church roll during my
ministry. I prevented a church trial by
calling i with two of my ; deacons on the
suspected person, and if assured that he or
she intended to continue in the opposite
of a course of rectitude, to see that we
were | voluntarily authorized to quietly
drop the name from the roll."
; '". "Why did not Dr. Brown adopt such a
method?" .:
"Our methods differ. That is all."
Commenting upon Mrs. .Stockton, Dr.
Williams said: "Any woman can ruin
any man's reputation. It is ' well to avoid
antagonizing an unprincipled woman. I
have labored . most of my life for the up
lifting of humanity, yet I believe there are
some remnants of humanity that t are
hardly worth the saving. Perhaps Mrs.
Stockton is such a woman. The word of a
person living in sin can hardly be taken as
credible by a bod of persons of in
tegrity."
Dr. Williams pronounced Dr. Brown's
course in keeping Miss Overman under his
roof throughout the trouble, "Not pru
dent, but lofty." *
"I scarcely think I could rise to that
height myself," he remarked. "I would
in ad probability ask some friend to shel
ter the girl, were I attacked as Dr. Brown
has been. Yet I consider the aspersions
cast. upon him for that course as unjust."
Concerning Dr. Brown's probable exon
eration by the committee, Dr. Williams
said : "I am aware that a mass of the peo
ple of San Francisco believe Dr. Brown to
be guilty. One element of this opposition
will never believe him innocent. It is of
that .order of. humanity that rejoices in
seeing the strong fall, even if it be John L.
Sullivan. There is another element that
can be convinced. T v
"The public may be assured we will be
guided by conscience. Personally, I
would give up my place and influence
in this City to see Dr. Brown cleared of
these charges. But Congregationa'ism
and the cause of Christ must and will be
considered."
LIKE UNTO HIS BRETHREN.
Rev. Dr. W. D. Williams Speaks of
Frailties and Triumphs.
Rev. Dr. W. D. Williams preached at
Plymouth Church yesterday morning from
the text, "Wherefore in all things it be
hooved him.. to be made like unto his
brethren; for in that he himself hath suf
fered; being tempted, he is able to succor
them that are tempted." V •
Dr. '■ Williams said:
The temptation of Jesus Introduces the ques
tion of his : peccability. In the middle ages
theologians, as theologians sometimes do,
wasted much valuable time in heated discus
sion about the ability of Christ to commit sin.
All agreed that he had power not to sin. The
latter is the power humanity needs. Ability
to sin is common enough. It doesn't require
much power to commit sin. It is divine to
live without sin. i
It is hard to say an agreeable thing. It is
easier to say a disagreeable thing. Jesus was
led up of the spirit into the wilderness, not re
luctantly like a victim in the train of the con
queror, but allured by the spirit of truth and
holiness. Mark says: "And immediately the
spirit drivcth him into the wilderness/ He
was driven only as a ship with canvas un
folded and tilled with a favoring breeze is
driven in her, rightful course, responsive to
the helm. Divine; power does not break or
destroy, it only bends and directs the human
will. Temptation strikes each individual in a
different place. : All: is not gold that glitters,
but all gold does not glitter. If the untempted
still shine it may be that those who do not
shine If tested and proven would shine as gold
purified with fire.
There are but few fast colors in human expe
rience. The dyes that seem so bright to-day
may wash out to-morrow.
. Many persons whose hearts were right have
been perplexed when tempted because their
heads were, wrong. It is because the devil
looks so much like an angel that he is so much
to be feared. There is not one person who
tries to live a true life but is painfully con
scious . that life is a struggle. Let us walk
firmly, for strange paths untrod lie before us
all. Let' us walk' straightly, forgetting the
crocked paths behind, and pressing on with
steadier 'purpose on our brow to accomplish
belter deeds. ■-; ■■■••■
■: The tempted Christian is infinitely better off
than tho untempted sinner^ The latter is in
sensible to temptation because morally dead.
The "former .' is quickly ; sensitive . because
morally alive. Christ's victory is a source of
encouragement to us. When Corregio first saw
the unrivaled ■ creation of Raphael he raptu
rously exclaimed: "I also am a painter." The
■■uccess of Raphael- carried inspiration to his
soul. Since Christ • was human and overcame
temptation we maybe inspired to, say: "We,
also, are mer-."*- What Christ did we may hope
to do if filled with his spirit.
I'd ft or Calkins' Ambition.
Leonard 'S. Calkins, editor and ' one \of the
proprietors of the Nevada City Daily Tran
script,- who for the past four j years has been
postmaster at Nevada City, is j being jj pushed
forward 7by 7 his friends for the Republican
nomination for Stated Senator from Nevada,
Sierra and Plumas counties.; : Calkins is a
young man, a native' son and a stanch Repub
lican, and through his newspaper affiliations
is probably one of the best known men in his
section, and his popularity is unquestioned.
Charged With Burglary.
i Fred : . Rosenbrock, : a = painter, was arrested
yesterday by Officer Maguire and charged with
burglary. : Rosenbrock .was seen to enter a
house on Twentieth ; avenue and California
street while the family was* away. The officer
saw the painter.leaving the house, and placed
him under arrest. An: examination of the
premises showed -; that * all the drawers j and
trunks had been carefully overhauled |by the
intruder, who failed to I find anything of value
to carry away. When arrested he pretended to
be very drunk. _ . _,_ . -
B'NAI B'RITH CONVENTION
Annual Session of the Grand
Lodge of the Pacific
District.
RETIRING OFFICERS REPORT.
Important Recommendations In Re
gard to Financial Concerns
of the Order.
The . thirty-third annual session of the
District Grand Lodge, No. 4. 1. O. B. 8.,
convened in B'nai B'rith Hall yesterday
forenoon. This district embraces all the
Pacific States and Territories, and so wide
spread is the interest felt in tbi3 session
that scarcely a lodge is unrepresented.
After the routine opening business,
Grand President Abraham Jonas read his
annual report. After treating of the gen
eral satisfactory condition of the order the
report contained a number of important
recommendation"!. The Youths' Auxiliary
was highly indorsed and the members of
the parent lodge were urged to visit the
auxiliaries frequently and to do all in their
power to aid and encourage them. It was
also suggested that the youths be com
compelled to cease their connection with
auxiliaries upon reaching the age of 21 in
order to join the regular U'nai B'rith.
The reports of several minor committees
which had reported to the grand president
were approved. The action of the board
of hall directors in removing the free
school from the B'nai B'rith building was
deplored, as the extra expense thus in
curred made it impossible to continue the
school. The Grand Lodge owns a ma
jority of the stock in the building, and the
president recommends that some way be
provided by which their wishes may be
respected.
The principal subject of discussion in
the report is the proposed change in the
endowment plan. The order at present
pays $2000 to the beneficiaries of deceased
members. It has become an agitated
question as to whether the order will be
able to stand this in the future, and a
committee appointed at the last session
rendered a report recommending that in
stead of the present uniform assessments,
the members be assessed on a graduating
scale according to age.
The president's report does not touch on
this feature of the endowment, but it re
quests immediate consideration of the
question. It does, however, recommend
optional endowment for single or married
men; that members be allowed to leave
one-naif of their endowment to whom they
please, and that members aver 70 years of
age bo exempt from assessments, the lodge
paying tnem and deducting the amount
from their endowments.
There are a number of minor recom
mendations, such as that the bond of tbe
treasurer be reduced from $7500 to $5000,
that tbe fee for charters for new lodges be
reduced from $50 to $25, that the individual
lodges levy a per capita tax to be used in
San Francisco for the library and in other
places for liKe objects or oublic gatherings
in the interest of the order.
The report concludes with an account of
the visits the grand president has made to
various lodges during the year.
The report of Grand Secretary Jacob
Levison shows that there are now thirty
three B'nai B'rith lodges in the district
and three youths' auxiliaries. This repre
sents a total membership of 2213 benefi
ciary and 242 non-beneficiary. The finan
cial portion of the report shows the bal
ance in the treasury to be $1403 71. This
is exclusive of the widow and orphan bene
ficiary fund, which at present is $127,435 32.
The average age of decedents of the past
year was 57 years, 8 months and 12 days.
The average duration of membership was
over twenty-three years. .
The report of Grand Treasurer Julius
Platshek tallied exactly with the financial
portion of the preceding report. Both
were referred to a committee consisting of
N. W. Bender, William Lewis and H.
Black. ' '4777/ /. ' ■ u/'/v/i
S. H. Schocker, Simon Hochstadter and
Benjamin Harris submitted a report as
trustees showing tbe general financial
condition of the Grand Lodge. Benjamin
Harris also submitted a minority report of
matters upon which he asserts he had not
been advised by the other trustees. Both
reports were submitted to a committee
consisting of H. P. Bush, F. Sperling, L.
Levy, J. Rothschild, S. Zekind and L.
Bernstein. Reports of tne committees on
Jaws, legislation and intellectual improve
ment were also read and referred to com
mittees.
The committee on library urged that
more encouragement be given that feature.
The board of relief, through its president,
Arthur M. Plato, suggested that its means
and scope be extended.
The session adjourned at 6 o'clock until
8 o'clock, when a discussion of the report
was had. - 7
The evening session was entirely de
voted to a discussion of the proposed
changes in the endowment plan.
No conclusion was reached and the con
vention adjourned tili to-day at 2 p. m.
THE THEATERS.
Attractions That the Managers Have to
Offer to Their Patrons This
Evening.
"in Old Kentucky" will be presented at
the California to-night, and this will be
the first night of the second week of its
presentation. The play has drawn well,
and there will no doubt be a crowded
house this evening.
The Frawley Company will this evening
offer at the Columbia Theater "Men and
Women,'' the joint production of De
Mille and Belasco. The play is some
what of the sensational order, and it has
many scenes to it to arouse an extra
ordinary interest.
"A Canting Scoundrel" is on the - bill at
Grover's Alcazar for this evening.. ; it is a
local production, and the plot is based on
the old saying of "Stealing the livery of
heaven to serve the devil in." It is said
that the playwright has produced an in
teresting play. -.•.*.....
At the Grand Opera-house this evening
there will be presented an American
comedy drama entitled ''The Editor,"
written by Louis Aldrich and : Charles T.
Vincent. It was originally produced at
Palmer's Theater, New York, and was a
success.
After running live weeks to crowded
houses "Ixion, or The Man of the Wheel,"
is still on at, the Tivoli Opera-house and
to-night the third edition of the produc
tion will be % given. . This I combination of
song and dialogue will be offered with new
features.
S The great drawing card at the Orpheum
Music ; Hall is the * colored nightingale,
Rachel "Walker, 7 whose wonderful notes
have captured the patrons of this house.
She will | appear | to-night, as will also a
number of artists in the specialty line.
THE . BOYS WERE SAD.
Bains Descended and the "Winds Blew,
and So the Balloon Did Not
Go Up.
4 There was disappointment yesterday
afternoon in the hearts of the small boys
at the neighborhood of Castro and Eight
eenth streets.
i The wind blew and the rain fell, but the
balloon did not go up.
' An ascension was billed by the Edmund
brothers for 3 o'clock in the large vacant
lot on Nineteenth street, between Castro
and Hartford, and all the boys for blocks
around went to -bed Saturday night with
parachutes in their heads.
The rain spoiled everything, so the boys
congregated in the doorways and under
tbe awnings of the corner grocery -stores
and talked about the last time the balloon,
did so up. '-•'.••.' - t- %
"Did yon see how that parachute came
down? Ah, the wooden man on the bar
touched the ground just like a feather
comin' down."
''Wasn't she a beaut, though — went
pretty near out o' sight, didn't she, fatty?"
"Out o' sight? She must be gone a thou
sand feet!"
But the pleasure of the boys was entirely
reminiscent, for in the wetness of the
weather it was impossible to inflate the bal
loon. p<z;ly;:yy-.-s, .? nzy-y ■?;■;,< 4pj.y -.yyy,
NEW TO-DAY-AMUSEMENTS.
rRIEDLAiIDLR.C*OTTLODA ©• itsjjSA-«fiAitt4a»— '
LAST AWAY
WEEK A
WE 1000
TURNED NIGHTLY
THIS WEEK THE WHOLE TOWN
WILL COME TO SEE THE
First Production Hero Dy the
Of De Mille and Belasco's Masterpiece.
"MEN AND WOMEN
A REALLY SUPERB PERFORMANCE.
TWENTY-FIVE PEOPLE IN THE CAST I
COMMENCING TO-NIGHT.
MATINEE SATURDAY ONLY.
SEATS-loc, 85c, 500 and 75c.
BALDWIN THEATER
EXTRA.
Ai. Hay_a*n" & Co. (Incorporated) Proprietors
OPERA SEASON; ~Sr Feb. 3.
SALE of SEATS begins
TO-MORROW (Tuesday) for
The Famous MARIE
TAVARY GRAND OPERA
COMPANY !
REPERTOIRE FIRST WEEK:'
Monday "AID A"
Tuesday -'CABMEN"
Wed. "Mat, at pop prices, "BOHEMIAN GIRL"
Wednesday "sight , .-'HUGUENOT."""
Thursday "MIGNON"
Friday.... "CAVALLEKI A KUSTICANA"
and "I P.\GLIACCI"
Saturday Matinee "MART
Saturday Night , "LOHENGRIN"
REPERTOIRE SECOND WEEK:
..."LUCIA" and "CAVALLERIA
KUSTICANA"
Tuesday * "MIGNON' *
Wed. Matinee (at pop. prices) "MARTHA"
Wednesday Night • -AI D A' *
Thursday , CARMEN"
Friday., ..."FAUST"
Saturday Matinee "TROVATORE"
Saturday Night "TANNHAUSER"
■
THEATRE t J 2"-^
HOORAY ! ——HOORAY !— .HOOROO I
IM I "QUEEN
EVERY UN I BESS"
RECORD 1 STILL
FOR OLD |'h«FAV-«.-«
RECEIPTS -________-____■
brokeni KENTUCKY!
And the Pickaninny BAND Played On!
This Is the Good-By Week.
- — Monday, February 3d-~COIUNNE.—
*7 ALCAZAR
TO-KTIG-31T
The New Comedy of San Francisco Life,
"A CANTING SCOUNDREL"
The Livery of Heaven to Serve the Devil.
An Ideal Cast! Superbly Staged ! You Will
- -.-All Want to See This Comedy. It la
a New Departure.
Wednesday "Pop," Ice Cream
and Cake ; Saturday and Sunday.
Matinee Prices— lOc, 15c. 25c.
Night Prices— lOc, 15c. 25c, 35c, 50c.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE
11 lis. ____sti.k_ Kekllvo Proprietor -s. Jiaaajsr
LAST 3XrXO-_HC_7S
Of the Brilliant Success,
'*i__-.io_vr v*
NEXT MONDAY EVENING, FEB. 3,
A New American Opera,
"THE GENTLE SAVAGE!"
Book by Egtelle Clayton and'Nym Crinkle.
Music by E. I. Darling.
INDIAN, MEXICAN, COWBOY SCENES.
The '49 Mining Camp Fandango.
Popular Prices— 2sc and 50c.
MOROSCO'S
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
The Handsomest Family Theater In America.
WALTER MOROSCO, Sole Lessee and Manager
THIS EVENING AT EIGHT,
First Production in This House of Vincent and
"Aldrlch's Sparkling Comedy Drama,
"THE EDITOR!"
If This Weather Makes You Blue
Come and See *-JC_e Editor."
. .EVKNTN-o **_icM~P6a and Six.
Family Circle and Gallery. 10c
Usual Matinee* Saturday ana Sunday.
ORPHEUM.
O'Farrell Street, Between Stockton anl Pa ▼•*'.•.
TO-NIGHT AND DURING THE WEEK
A BRILLIANT AUGMESTED BILL!
MONS. DE BESSELL,
' HEELEY AND MARBA,
j RACHEL WALKER
A PEERLESS VAUDEVILLE CO.
Reserved seats, 25c; Balcony, 10c; Opera caalci
and Box seats. 50c. '•-
MACDONOUGH THEATER
; •: (OAKLAND).
Two nights, beginning TO-NIGHT (Monday)-,
SCHILLING'S FAMOUS MINSTRELS!
Tbe best minstrel organization in America.
Secure seats— Popular prices. "<'•' ■'■PA-.
CHUTE SHOOTING
AND TROLLEY TRIPPING
If Pleasant, Afternoon and Evening.
£•'"■*- ADMISSION- •■""*■;•• : io CENTS A-
Children (including Merry-Go-Round Ride), 10c
RACINGI RACINGI RACINGI
_MjJL_.
CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB.
WINTER MEETING
Beginning Thursday, January 23,
BAY DISTRICT TRACK. V *
Racing Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, -
Friday and Saturday. Rain or Shine.
FIVE OR MOKE RACES EACH DAY.
i Races start at 2:00 p. _. sharp.
McAllister and Geary street car.-, pass the gate.
R. B. MILROY. .THOS. H. WILLIAMS JR.,
Secretary. President.
78
REALTY MARKET REVIEW
Many Noticeable Improvements
Going on in the City
Suburbs.
INTERVIEWS WITH BROKERS.
Energetic Efforts Put Forth by the
Residents of Outlying
Districts.
One of the most interesting features in
the recent history of City real estate values
is the vitality given to the suburban dis
tricts by the enterprising co-operation of
the residents of those sections and by the
extension of streetcar linos, which has
had much to do toward inducing those
persons seeking homes to push out away
from business centers.
The people living among the Mission
hills have done much to enhance the value
of their property and to bring it nearer to
the center of the City by securing the ex
tension of the several streetcar lines to
the county line. Castro, Noe and Eureka
valleys, which a few years ago were con
sidered remote from the business center,
have been made valuable and populous
districts by the energy of the residents and
property-owners.
The opening of the Joost electric road
gave a great impetus to the Fairmount
district, which lies south of Thirtieth
street and extends west from Dolores
street to the Twin Peaks range of hills. It
growth, too, was greatly stimulated by the
extension of the Mission-street car line,
completed about a year ago.
The Potrero has not been behind in the
march of improvement during the past
year, and one of that section's greatest
wants has been satisfied by the better rail
way facilities throughout the district con
necting the territory, as is now the case,
with all the leading downtown retail ar
teries. There is more hope just now for
the Potrero than in a long time.
The Folsora-street residents recently
awoke to the fact that their property has
been decreasing in value for several years
past, and that their street, which is one of
the main thoroughfares south of Market,
has been standing still. By united effort
they have secured an appropriation of
$35,000, the first step toward the rejuvina
tion of Folsom street from tide water to
the Mission hills.
The district south of the park panhan
dle and including the site of the old
Haight-street baseball grounds, subdivided
some six months ago, has grown like
Aladdin's castle, which arose in a night,
and what was an expansive waste a few
years since ' is now a prosperous and
thickly settled portion of the City. En
terprise of a good building character, such
as this district possesses, cannot go on at a
too rapid rate.
The extension of the settlement south
of the park is only a matter of a very
short time. This is a prediction conceded
by all since the acceptance of the Sutro
site for the Affiliated Colleges, the con
struction of which will be followed by the
Sutro Library. The openine of these in
stitutions will lead to other improvements
and serve to attract the attention of home
seekers and speculators.
The westward growth of the City is rap
idly falling up all vacant land in the West
ern Addition, and it cannot be many years
before the overflow will be crowding into
the area on the other side of the cemeteries
till further progress is stopped at the beach
by the ocean. In less than ten years Pre
sidio Heights, covered with sand dunes
and a growth of chaparral, has become one
of the most sought for and finest residence
localities in the City. Few districts have
witnessed such a change as that experi
enced in Richmond property west of the
cemeteries, between the Presidio and
Golden Gate Park ; and the transition is
likely to be accelerated by the railroads
extending their lines westward through
the district.
On every side the spirit of improvement
is manifest. The property-owners of each
section are vieinc with those of every other
district in an effort to build up their par
ticular portion of the City.
In speaking of the improvements south
of the park, Wendell Faston said in a re
cent interview:
One of the most important sections of the
City, comprising an ownership of a number of
prominent people of this City, lying adjacent
to Golden Gate Park on the south, and west of
First avenue, has received Its due proportion
of attention, and at this time is oh the eve of
quits extended improvements. A concerted
movement was made not long since by the
property-owners south of Golden Gate Park,
from First avenue to Eighteenth avenue,
which finally succeeded in getting the estab
lishment of grades, which has encouraged
moderate Improvements in grading of streets
and construction of a few dwellings.
The donation of Adolph Sutro for the Af
filiated Colleges on Parnassus avenue, which
is the extension of Sullivan street extending
south of the park, has given an interest to
the more important class of improvements and
will result in bringing to the official grade
quite a piece of land lying between First and
(Seventh avenues and immediately adjacent to
the park.
This work undoubtedly will be carried on
from Seventh avenue to Seventeenth avenue,
and means the opening of important streets,
sewerage system, as well as improvements of a
general character.
The abandonment of the Metropolitan Rail
way is inducing the Market-street people to
construct an electric line to take the place of
the dummy line-now on II street, and without
doubt the railway competition to the ocean,
now developing, will bring about the entire
reconstruction of tnis line. An improved elec
tric system, with quick transportation from
the center of the City, with one fare from the
ferry, would mean quite an impetus to the sec
tion known 8s the South Side.
The Park Commissioners have just let the
contract for the boulevard south and connect
ing with the old Ocean-house road, which is
to be completed by the Ist of May. This im
provement will undoubtedly be the base line
of improvements in the western portion of this
section, and, all in all, it is a safe prediction
that it will not be long before this territory
will be reclaimed from drifting sand-dunes
and become a desirable portion of the City for
residence purposes.
In discussing the developments of the
Southwest Mission, J. J. O'Farrell last
week remarked :
The extension of the electric street railways
In the Southwest Mission and the vast im
provements made on the- Mission road have
opened up and brought into close connection
with the business center a portion of the City
heretofore considered remote and largely set
tled by the working classes. The homes of the
better class built in this section of San Fran
cisco last season will run far up into the thou
sands. Since the extension oi the Mission car
line a wonderful transformation has taken
place along its course. An era of street im
provement and the establishment of a park on
this side is fully expected.
It is evident that this district is becoming a
more favored residence location. Since the ad
vent of means of rapid transit, many people
have secured homes in the Mission and grati
fied a desire to live in the mild and balmy por
tion of the City. Speculation, too, in Mission
property cannot result disastrously, for it is in
line with the certain development of the City
With a City unbounded by a large body of water
or abrupt hills it is difficult sometimes to tell
which point of the compass will mark the trend
of the City's growth, but with San Francisco
there is no room for error. The property-own
ers of tne Mission have made a good showing
during 1895, which it ls expected the improve
ments of this year will surpass.
"In looking over the appropriations of
money for different; parts of the City one
notices a. startling discrepancy between
the amount ■ received from a section for
taxes and the returns to that district in
the shape of either benefits or improve
ments,'' said J. J. McEwen to a Call rep
resentative, and he continued:
Take the southern part of town, for instance,
embracing the region between , Market and
Channel streets, from the ferry out to Twenty
sixth, which is the oldest and most populous
portion of the City. It paid into the City treas
ury this year about $2,000,000 in taxes, and
outside of the general care furnished by the
City, that is fire and police protection, schools,
etc.", the only additional fund set aside for its
betterment is the insignificant amount of
$1500 for South Park. In comparison with
this we have the immense allowance of
$98,500 for care and improvement of parks
and squares in the other parts of the City, and
this docs not take into consideration at all the
lew of about $300,000 for Golden Gate Park.
While no one begrudges money honestly ex
pended for improving or beautifying the City,
still all these benefits should not be confined
to any particular section. The money derived
from "each part of the City should be returned
to it again, as nearly as possible, in benefits,
and where there aro.no parks and squares to
beautify, the streets should be improved and
kept in'order. What the south side of the City
needs, especially, is well-paved streets con
necting the water front with the main outlets
from the City. The cost of one proposed street
is only $10,000, and would be but a small por
tion of the money paid by this section into the
Tax Collector's office.
The parks, such as Columbia square and
Holly Park, can be allowed to remain for an
other year if this money is spent for a thor
oughfare, but when the appropriation is made
next year an equitable portion of the levy
should be spent on this side, which is the most
populous section of the whole City. One-half
of the funds in the Street Department should
be used here, in fact for the next two years
should Justice be done the greater part of the
fund should be used in tuis section.
To show how the southern suburbs feel about
the justice done them in the wav the money is
spent may be cited the disappointed Holly
Park petitioners, who asked that $5000 be
spent in reclaiming and improving their park,
and who teceived through their petition one
solitary policeman to guard them.
I During the past few years the popula
tion of the suburbs of the Mission district
in the vicinity of Castro and Thirtieth
streets has increased wonderfully, and
hundreds of houses have been built and
many streets have been graded and sew
ered, observed A. S. Baldwin in speaking
of suburban improvements:
Tho Castro-street Land Company, for in
stance, have expended pretty well on to
$20,000 in improving their hip; subdivision in
this section of the City, continued Mr. Bald
win, and it is this display of public spirit
that has caused the southwestern limits of the
City to grow month by month aud make a
pretty favorable comparison with other
suburbs of San Francisco. The growth of the
City in this direction has reached a point
which a few years ago would have been con
sidered remote, and it now- looks as if in a very
short time Castro-street Addition will be cov
ered with houses.
The streets have ail been graded and sewered
and macadamized, and water mains are laid
throughout the tract. The petition of the Fair
mount Improvement Club for a boulevard
across this addition to Golden Gate Park has
been granted, provided the Stanford Heights
Land Company will continue the driveway
through their subdivision. In the agitation of
Mission residents for a park the directors of the
Castro-street Land Company nave taken the
lead by reserving about eighty acres for recrea
tion grounds, on which it is the intention in a
month or two to plant out 75,000 shade trees.
It is reported that at the next tax levy an
appeal will be made for an appropriation to
improve Fairmount square, which belongs to
the City, and which has always been an eye
sore. Sunnyside, Castro-street Addition and
the district lying beyond are to have a school
house. While the schoolhouso is being erected
a temporary building is to be used. Educa
tional advantages will not be lacking from
this time on in this neighborhood. It was
about a year ago that the citizens in the south
western portion of San Francisco's suburbs be
gan to make themselves heard, and they have
ever .since kept their district before the public.
Thomas Magee's views of the extension
of the suburbs are tersely expressed in the
following statement by him:
Newspapers talk of the narrow space into
which the hundreds of thousands of "people of
New York City and the millions of London are
squeezed, as if it were a solemn duty for us to
follow their example, and pen our people up
like swine. They forget that if the people of
New York were properly housed the city would
spread over three "times us much space as it
now occupies. We trust that it always will be
true that San Francisco covers a greater pro
portionate space than any other of the large
commercial cities ot the world, so that we may
always have elbow room and fresh air. To live
in London or New York tenements is almost to
forget what sunlight looks like or how fresh
air feels. The people of San Francisco may
be thankful that they have not been, and are
never likely to be, thus closely huddled to
gether.
H. A. "Whitely of the Real Estate and
Development Company, when interviewed
on the Potrero improvements, gave the fol
lowing report:
The past year has been an active one in the
Potrero district, many thousands of dollars
having been expended in permanent imnrove
ments to the public thoroughfares. Below is
given a list or the principal improvements
accomplished, giving location, character and
approximate estimate of cost of work :
Indiana street, between Twentieth and
Twenty-second, grading ?10,000
Twenty-second street, between Kentucky
and Tennessee, paving with basalt blocks
and laying granite curbs 2,100
Twenty-second street, between Tennessee
and Minnesota, sewer 400
Crossing of Tennessee and Minne
streets, paying with bitumen 1,050
Eighteenth street, Kentucky to Texas, pav
ing with basalt blocks and laving granite
curbs 11,500
Eighteenth street, Texas to Connecticut,
macadamizing and redwood curbs, in
cluding crossing with granite curbs 1,400
Missouri street. Eighteenth to Twentieth,
macadamizing, rock gutterways and red
wood curbs 3,700
Nebraska street, between Fifteenth and
Sixteenth, sewer goo
Nebraska street, between Fifteenth nnd
Sixteenth, grading 3,000
Utah street, between Seventeenth and
Mariposa, grading 2,500
Sixteenth street, Harrison to Hampshire,
regrading . 9, C00
Bryant avenue, Fifteenth to . Seventeenth
street, regrading 2,000
Bryant avenue, Fifteenth to Seventeenth
street, sewer 1,500
Sixteenth street, Harrison to Potrero ave
nue, sewers, curbing, cesspools, culverts
and crossings 3,000
Nineteenth street, Pennsylvania avenue to
Mississippi street, and crossing of Nine
teenth and Mississippi, macadamizing.*
granite curbs, culverts, cesspools and
plank sidewalks.. 1.500
Total. $53,450
Add to this the cost of finishing the grading
of Army street eastward to Kentucky, and of
lowa street, from Nevada to Yolo, and Pennsyl
vania avenue, from Yolo to Army street,
which work was completed during 1895
makes a total of over §60,000 spent for street
improvements alone in the Potrero for the past
year.
It is a very difficult matter to secure accurate
and reliable data as to the cost of street im
provements, especially when it is attempted to
cover an entire district for a period of a year,
but the above is fairly accurate, and is below
rather than above the actual cost, as there may
be minor items and private contract work
which has been overlooked. :
A necessary and important work that has re
cently been accomplished in that section of
the City is the surveying and planning of a
sewer system in the district bounded on the
north by Sixteenth street, west by Protrero
avenue, east by Missouri and Connecticut
streets, and south by the summit ot the hills;
also another sewer system in the district
bounded by Missouri, Minnesota, Sixteenth
and Twentieth streets. This work was done by
the City Engineer, in accordance with an order
of the Board of Supervisors.
By having a comprehensive drainage system
established, property-owners will now be ena
bled to carry out many needed improvements,
with a knowledge that the work is being done
systematically.
j Among the enterprising citizens in Noe
j valley is Jacob Heyman, the real-estate
! broker, owner of what is known as the
j Heyman Tract. During the past two years
j the progressive residents of this section of
| the City have spent large sums in im-
I proving their streets and putting in sewers.
"There is no reason that we should not have
! better paved streets, especially in the suburbs,"
taid Mr. Heyman -in- a recent interview, "as
material is certainly plentiful and the im
provement to the appearance of the City would
make it famous. Other cities have won fame
through well-paved streets and boulevards,"
continued Mr. Heyman, "and there is no
reason why this City should not possess a
similar reputation. .
"Property certainly advances on well-paved
streets, and where the cost has been but 5 per
cent on a lot for this improvement of the
streets adjoining, the value of the lots has in
creased 25 per cent. Owners often object to
the first cost of a solid, smooth and clean nave
ment; but if they would consider that after a
time the clogging and breaking up of sewers
on account of the breaking down of macadam
ized streets through heavy rains and teaming,
causing thereby a great deal of expense and
annoyance, they would gladly approve of
bitumen or asphalt. .
"Eight years ago there were no graded streets
in Noe Valley, but by continual agitation and
encouragement and the impetus given by the
construction by the Castro-street cable "road
and later of the electric branches from the
Mission electric line we have been enabled to
grade, sewer, macadamize and sidewalk the
whole district. ..*■•■
"Following close on these improvements in
streets and transportation facilities cottages
began to spring up, and after awhile here and
* i er vi a - ore - and land which was before • un
salable was in demand at better prices than
could be obtained a few years before.
• "The latest of such work in my section has
been done on Twenty-fourth 'street as far as
Castro, and before long similar changes will
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JANUARY 27, 1896.
be agitated on this streets in the Heyman
Tract. I have lately had these streets sewered
and macadamized at my own expense.;
"The proper paving of • the streets in any
city should take place at an early date in its
history, and is, in fact, necessary to any con
siderable degree of fame as a great city;
"The streets of Rome, as well as the high
ways, were paved in an elaborate manner.
Portions of the ancient pavement of the streets
oi Rome are in use to the present day, and the
pavement of Pompeii remains intact. ■*,
"The plan now adopted in all the European
cities is to secure a solid foundation, varying in
thickness according to the amount of traffic it
has to bear; this is done, where the 'natural
substratum is not of a solid kind, by covering
the street with a solid bed of concrete, having
a slope from the middle to the sides to throw
off the water. On the concrete is placed the
asphaltum, making an almost everlasting
pavemert, and a comfort to both man and
beast. The great obstacle in the way of laying
really good pavement at present in San Fran
cisco is the necessity of breaking it up for the
laying and repairing of water, sewer and gas
pipes. The true remedy, and in the end the
cheapest, would be to have, in the chief streets
at least, subways or tunnels for all drains and
pipes which would be accessible without
breaking up the pavement."
W. E. Fisher of Will E. Fisher . & Co..
had the following to say of Richmond's
growth : '■ .-A'-*7
It is difficult to mention any one section of
the City which has not witnessed a steady in
crease in the number and value of the im
provements which have been made during
the past year. Perhaps that section of the
City where the most noticeable improvement
has taken place is that known as Richmond.
Here private enterprise enforced by railroad
extension and street work, including sewer
construction, has worked a transformation.
The 5 cent fare to the Cliff House has
attracted many investors from among the
renting class, who have bought lots and,
erected on them cottages. We have a credit
of twenty-six such; built by parties to whom
we sold lots in Richmond during the past year.
The building and loan societies have given
most favorable terms to their Richmond
clients and the result has been that many have
been enabled to build homes paying for them
in monthly sums, very little in advance of
that they formerly paid for rent. It is safe to
predict that more buildings will be erected in
Richmond during 1890 than there will be in
any other section of the City. -:•■ •'/- j
C. 11. Reynolds, whose operations have
been largely conducted in the Richmond
district, is also elated over the p:ospect of
better car facilities. He said last Satur
day:
The completion of the Sutro line to the Cliff
House marks the beginning of a new era for
Richmond. Property-owners In that district
have been bottled up, as it were, with a go-as
you-please steam car on Sundays half way out
on D street and no car at all on Point
Lobos avenue, was originally the finest
driveway on the peninsula. Iv view of the
rapid westward development of the Western
Addition, I am surprised that the Market
street Railway Company did not promptly
comply with its franchises. As a consequence
of its backwardness in this respect there is no
telling how much this district has been re
tarded.
For a short time past out as far as Seventh
avenue there has been accommodation by the
Geary and Sacramento-street lines, but beyond
there has been practically no streetcar service.
As Sutro's road, which goes into operation
on the first day of February, passes directly
through the heart of Richmond, every man,
woman and child in the district ought "to feel
deeply grateful to him for the new road and
new order of things.
"Should San Francisco take a rapid
growth, as she is certain to do in the near
future, her suburbs would develop faster
than the average city, being bounded on
two sides by the bay," said A. M. Speck in
commenting on the City's prospective de
velopment. -'"ii
A friend of mine living in a Western city,
continued Mr. Speck, had the relation of the ex
tension of city suburbs and real estate values,
emphasized to him in a way so impressive as
to be the means of making his fortune. He
bought a lot in an unimproved district and
built a small cottage, which was occupied by
himself and wife. He worked away for a few
years on an income none too large to afford a
comfortable living. Gradually houses began
to spring up within a few blocks of him, and
kept getting closer and closer until he found
himself surrounded by a group of near neigh
bors. -.-*' /: :.;
> He asked one of them the cost of the" lot on
which a newcomer's house was being built and
was surprised to learn that the said lot cost
just twice as much per f jot as his own lot cost
him only a few years before that. This set him
to thinking— thinking seriously— and he talked
the matter over with his wife. He reasoned
that If the slight improvements and the street
car line, which had recently come within two
blocks, had caused an advance of 100 per cent •
in five years, why could not he move a little :
farther out and accomplish the same result in :
a year by enterprising movements. He sold
and increased his possessions farther out, and
in less than five years he had made his fortune
by speculation in suburban property in a pros
perous Western town.
REVIEW OF THE RECORDS.
The real estate loans made last week
numbered ninety-two, and amounted to '
$305,289. The following abstract from the
records shows the principal. sums and the
security accepted :
By the California Title Insurance and Trust
Company, §10,000 to Peter and Mary A. Crich
ton, for one year, 6J_ per cent, on property at
the northwest corner of Sutter and Fillmore '
streets, 53x100; by the Hibernia Savings and
Loan Society, §22,000 to James Cosgrove, for
one year. l 4 2 per cent, on the northwest corner
of McAllister and Leavenworth, .west 37:6,
north 87:6, west 50, etc. ; by the same bank,
§7000 to James and Eliza Cahill, for
one- year, 6}£ j per cent, on property
on the north line of O'Farrell 6treet,
87:6 west of Taylor, 87:6x25; by James
l'inlayson, §16,000 to L. M. L. Nelson for one
year at 7 per cent on property on the south
east line of Mission street, 402 southwest of
Fifth, 80x160; by the Hibernia Savings and
Loan Society, §51,500 to Mary A. O'Sullivan
for one year at 6% per cent, on the northwest j
corner of Pine ami Front streets, 92:6x60; by
the same bank, §8000 to Margaret 1- inegass for
one year at &■/. per cent on the following prop
erty: 25x120 on the north line of Eddy street,
275 west of Larkin, and 60x120 on the north
line of Green street, 65:6 east of Leavenworth;
by the Atlas Building and Loan Association,
§6000 to Maurice and Etta Brandt for six years
at 7 per cent per annum, on 26:6x123 on the
west line of Van Ness avenue, 81 south of
Vallejo street.
I The releases placed on record last week j
numbered fifty and represented $181,458. |
The largest ones granted were the follow
ing:
By the Equitable Building and Loan Associa- I
tion $11,000, to Henry and Cecelia Falken- !
stein on property ou the south line of Jackson; i
50 east of Octavia, 40x127:834; by the Hi
hernia Savings and Loan Society $54,000, toH.
F. and J. F. Bruns, on the northwest comer of |
Pacific and Sansome, 3_:_J_x67:6, and the
southwest corner of Mission and Sixteenth,
100x100; by Jacob Dusenbery $10,000, to
Frederick Katz, on the northeast corner of j
Folsom and Ninth, 50x90; by the Hibernia
Savings and Loan Society- $12,000, to Jennie
G., Charles H. and Jennie 11. Stanyan, on the
northwest corner of Buchanan and Bush,
3 37:0x137:6, and property on the south line
of Sacramento, 155 west of Polk, 91:0xl27:8"4,
and by the same bank to tho same parties
$8000 on property on the south line of Sacra
mento, 155 west of Polk, 91:0x127:8*4.
There were 121 deeds recorded last week,
and builders' contracts to the number of
7, representing a pledged outlay of
$32,042.
MISCELLANEOUS ITEMS.
Announcement was made last Saturday
of the withdrawal of Henry P. Sontag
from the firm of Shainwald, Buckbee &
Co., and his union with George D. Toy
under the firm name of Bovee, Toy &
Sontag. The firm name of Shainwald,
Buckbee & Co. will remain the same; Mr.
Sontag's interest 'having j been purchased
by Samuel G. Buckbee, a ' brother of
Spencer C. Buckbee, the vice-president of
the firm.
The event of the week was the auction
sale of the Pacific Improvement Company
property, conducted \ by Baldwin & Ham
mond, previously noted in these columns.
The lot at the southwest corner of Market
and Brady streets, 75x124, running through
to Stevenson, sold : for $55,250, with an if,
has since been raised to $60,000, and con
firmed at that figure. ,
Shainwald, Buckbee & Co. report sales
as follows: .*-.*
Lot and residence, north "line California
street, near Scott, 35x132)^ feet, $10,000; lot
with two flats, north line butter street, east of
Hyde, 25x87:6 feet, $11,500; lot north line
Vallejo street, "near i Gough,; 30x120 feet,
$3000; lot and Improvements southeast cor
ner, 25x75 feet, $20,000; lot south tine Clay
street, near Spruce, 50x127:8}.. ; feet, $4000;
lot and improvements south line Oak street,
west of Franklin, 27:6x120 feet, $11,000;
northeast corner Sacramento and Walnut
streets, 27:8^x87:6 feet, $2700; and south
line Sacramento street, 112:6 feet wesf of
Laurel, 25x107 ■///. feet, $1200;
David Bush, of the country department
of J. J. O'Farrell Co., reports the sale of
seventy acres of . vine and orchard land
near Martinez for $7000, and 130 acres near
Walnut Creek for $10,000. . -. *
During last week Bovee, Toy & Co. ef
fected the sale of 250; acres more of the
MacMahon ranch of Yolo County. ; •
ARMY AND NAVY NOTES
Dynamite Guns Successfully
Handled by the Fifth
Artillery.^
THE BATTLE - SHIP OREGON.
Battery of Eight-Inch Rifles in Posi
tion—The Ship Could Fight on
Short Notice.
Sentinels night and day now guard the
pneumatic or dynamite battery at the Pre
sidio. Some months ago General Graham,
commanding the post, was criticized *by
one of the City dailies for not having a
guard posted at the guns. At that time
the guns and plant belonged to the con
structors, a New York electrical company,
and General Graham had no right whatever
to make a detail of United States troops
to guard the private property. Since then
the guns and plant have been accepted by
the Government and formally placed in
the hands of the commandant of the gar
rison. * >.* -..,' ■ -■• " ,
Last Friday General Graham, accompan
ied by the officers of the Fifth Artillery
stationed at the Presidio, worked the plant
successfully. . The steam engine which
generates power and electrical dynamos
which manipulate the guns were put in
operation and a drill of instruction fol
lowed.
Officers and enlisted men will be in-
I structed in handling the plant from time
! to time until the apparatus for charging the
i chambers with compressed air, adjusting
| the guns and placing the shells in position,
j can be as well operated by the soldiers as
|by the contractors. v ;/.////:
It is fortunate for the service that the
! dynamite guns are placed in the hands of
! a body of men intelligent and progressive,
ln this regard -it is doubtful if the Fifth
Artillery, as a regimental organization,
embracing commissioned officers and en
listed men, has its superior in the United
States army.
The examining board has held frequent
sessions at the Presidio during the past
three weeks, and many officers listed for
promotion have been before the board for
examination. The form of examination,
embracing questions to be answered and
problems to be solved, is laid down by the
department. The board applies the rule
and reports the result. If an officer fails
to pass the ordeal he is eiven one year's
time to make another effort, and then, if
he fails the second time, the wide world is
open to him outside of the army. In the
year's time between the first and second
examinations successful candidates may
pass him in order of promotion. The sys
tem is said to be productive of the best re
sults, as it requires study and intelligence
upon tha part of young officers to keep in
line.
The peace theories of the service are
beautiful, but when war comes many of
the systems are upset. Frequently it
happens that soldiers dull at their books
and laggard at mathematics display
qualities of sagacity, tenacity and enter
prise on the field that cast in the shade
the achievements of the "bookish" men in
the army.
A general court-martial, consisting of
the following: officers, was convened at the
Presidio January 22: Major John A. Dar
ling, Fifth Artillery; Captain James
Lockett, Fourth Artillery; Captain John
McCleilan, Fifth Artillery; First Lieuten
ant Alexander T. Dean, Fourth Cavalry;
First Lieutenant John D. Miley, Fifth Ar
tillery; First Lieutenant Nathaniel F. Mc-
Clure, Fifth Cavalry; Second Lieutenant
Wilmot E. Ellis, Fifth Artillery; Second
Lieutenant Thomas W. Winston, Fifth
Artillery; Second Lieutenant Louis R.
Burgess, Fifth Artillery; First Lieutenant
John A. Lockwood, Fourth Cavalry, judge
advocate. " *
Sometimes it will happen that a few
hard cases will get into the best regiments
of the service. Assumed names may be
given and false records presented to the
recruiting officer.
It is known that several tough custom
ers got into Battery A, Fifth Artillery,
and it is now the purpose of the com
manding officer to get them out. Two
have been tried by court-martial' and dis
missed from the service. Others will be
tried and, if found guilty, expelled.
A board of medical officers, consisting
of Major . Benjamin F. Pope, surgeon;
Major Joseph B. Girard, surgeon, and
First Lieutenant Charles E. B. Flagg, as
sistant surgeon, was convened at Angel
Island January 24.
Dr. Ireland, "U. S. A.', arrived from Fort
Stanton, N. Mex., last Thursday, and went
on duty at Benicia. The post at Fort
Stanton has been abandoned.
Barracks No. 2 of the double-brick row
at the Presidio is now ready to receive
troops. 'A./7 " /^A'-Vy^A
Work on the superstructure of the new
steel wharf at the Presidio is under way.
Owing to the recent stormy weather build
ing operations have been delayed.
The canteen at Alcatraz yields a divi
dend of $2 per quarter to every enlisted
man at the post. The articles sold are
charged at but a slight advance over
actual cost.
Many array officers stationed here are
inclined to credit the statements tele
graphed from Washington that an appli
cation on the part of Colonel Crofton, Fif
teenth Infantry, for- retirement would be
acceptable to the department. Colonel
Crofton is not a West Point graduate.
Early in 1861 political influence in Wash
ington procured him a captain's commis
sion in the United States army. He is a
native of England or Ireland,* and prob
ably had some youthful experience in the
British service before he came to the
United States. He did not gain distinc
tion or promotion during the war, but be
ing in the regular army, promotion in nat
ural order since gave him rank as colonel.
It requires a pretty firm grasp to handle a
regiment of troops, \ especially when the
command is stationed near a large city.
The fifteenth, since it lias been stationed
at Fort Sheridan, Chicago, has supplied
several scandals, including one homicide.
Officers assert that a firm man is required
at the head of that regiment.
i Lieutenant-Commander James W. Car
jin, U. S. N., left San Francisco last even
ing for a visit to relatives in Carthage.
111., and St. Louis, Mo. Mr, Carlin was
one #of the heroes of the Vandalia in the,
great hurricane at ; Apia, Samoa, some
years ago, and gained the recognition of
Congress for his heroism and 'coolness tin
der great peril. For tne past three years
he has served on the -Monterey, but will
probably be assigned to duty on the Inde
pendence at the 'expiration of his leave of
absence. -
The battle-ship Oregon is now equipped
with her battery of eight- rifles, and is
ready to receive the ; thirteen-inch _ guns.
In a great emergency, the Oregon could be
placed in fighting trim within three weeks'
time. The thirteen-inch guns could not
be placed in position for effective use
within that time, but the ship could make
&'. good - fight with her eight-inch guns
should her presence in action :be de
manded. The Oregon is at the Union Iron'
Works.
CASTRO OF CASTRO VILLE. -
A Young: Dressmaker Arrested for
Stealing 8700 From Him.
Stephen Castro, agent for Wells, Fargo
& Co. atCastroville.had an unpleasant ex
perience Nellie : Murphy, ' a * young
dressmaker, early Saturday morning.
He was a guest at the Golden West Hotel
and Friday night he started out to take in
the sights. About 2 o'clock .' Saturday
morning he met Nellie on Grant avenue,
between Bush and Sutter streets, and the
two visited several - saloons. Then Nellie
took him to the hotel and left him.
Castro on Saturday morning reported to
the police that when he met Nellie he bad
about $1100 in his pocket and after she
had left him he found that $700 was
missing and he blamed her for stealing it
from him.
Detective Gibson and Policeman Clarke
were detailed on the case and on Saturday
night they arrested Nellie and a female
companion at 514 Pine street. They were
taken to the City Prison and yesterday
morning Castro identified Nellie as the
woman who was with him. She was also
identified by several saloon-keepers and
barkeepers who saw her and Castro
together. She was booked for grand
larceny and her companion was released
from custody. The money has not been
recovered. : „'-.•-.
Degrees for "Women.
There seems to be some probability that
the admission of women to degrees at Ox
ford and Cambridge is within measurable
distance. At least, movement in this di
rection has been made of late and is still
being made at Oxford, and if one univer
sity is sensible enough to make this educa
tional advance, the other can scarcely fail
to follow suit. There is nothing, one
would imagine, to be said against such a
step, for it is manifestly absurd to permit
women to compete with men for a prize,
so to say, and then, when they win, deny
it to them because of their sex. — Lady's
Pictorial. /'/' z/piy '7'p.y- Aiy.../
A church in Sedalia, Mo., has female
ushers for the evening services. *-■*■. *\
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
B Brndsnaw, Napa O Wendlmg, Hanford . '
C X Wren, Grass Valley IS" Coflin, Grose Valley
I, B Dubois, Denver R D Hatch, Novato .
G W Pollard, San Jose C R Whitcher.Jr, Castrov
W A Hilton. Vallejo A M Seymour, Sacramto
W McGee, Cal J L Frazier, Cal
R L Culverwell, Cal _ H Jenkins, Alameda
H S Jones, Cal , J A Andrews, Cal
T I. Lewis, Cal J R Baker, Cal
Mrs H M Looney, Jackn Miss Ella Looney, Jackn
("has Hegard, Qulncy L Rosenberg. Ukiah
ll Bines, Chicago W P Thompson. Fresno
H X BoarJman, Lowell C F Irwin, Placerville
F H lioynton, Seattle J Mitchell, Napa
D Webster, Napa F B Maldonado, Arizona
T Coffin, Carson J it Roberts. San Jose
S Deacon, 'Lynn, Mass S H fallen, Williams
X ' Willis, Stockton £B Stowe, Stockton
Chas Baker, Sacramto S Bobinson, Sacramento
KMcGarvey, Ukiah
: 'y/7 PALACE HOTEL.
D Oppenheimcr, NY .It D Bobbins Jr, Suisun
C ** Aiken, Mass .." F Searles, Nevada City
A B Warman <fe w. Pa H V Wlnchell&w, Minn
II S Graty, Philahelphia H E McPherson, Pa
P E Tuthrle, Minturn It Graham, La
DrGS smith, U SN E P Bogert, U S N _
W c Briggs. Holllster D R Hatch, Los Angeles
H Llndley, Los Angeles (" E Gard, Los Angeles
B N Stelnman&w, Sacto H F Kldridsje Aw, N H
Bliss L E Eldridge, N H HE Leekfc & w, N H
J F Shaw <fe w, Boston Mrs A Bannhelmer.Sacto
A Baugh <_ \v, Pa J G Martini, Sacramento
A Eckstrom, Portland J L Coflin, NY *
O L Peterson &w, N V J Proctor, N V
H C yon Glohn, NY J MulhisKfcw.JerseyCity
C T Bartlett & lone D G Rosenbaum, Stocktn
BALDWIN HOTEL.
J T Rivera," Vacavllle B C Kelly. Vallejo
Ed Phellpts, Vallejo H 0 Lovell, Montana
G D Peters, Orovtlle D C Brown A wf, S Mateo
O W Hale, San Jose J J Kelly, Berkeley
J D Barnes, Berkeley T E James, lndiauanolis
R T Manning. Armenia J R Naglar, Oakland.
N Gross, Oakland J Breslaur, Sacramento
J N Chase, San Jose C W Daggett. Chicago i
S S Raw, New York E J Caldwell, N Orleans
(i Marston. st Helena H M White, Benicia
B Levy, St Louis R S Brown, Stockton
F R BallingalUtw, Fresno B P Bar • er, Livermore
i N C Mackie, New York 11 L Ryder, Cleveland.
LICK HOUSE.
H J Hawley & w. Pa J L Blair, Sacramento
<* Wilcox <fe w, Chicago Mrs Q H Scott, Chicago
it M Menzles. S Rafael N G Lindsay, Eureka
F Henderson, St Louis GIC York, San Jose
Mrs L Hayes, Portland J H Williams, Los Ang
R Cohen. Fresno J Donovan, Santa Clara
J Bey, Cal E Manheint, Hanford
J Walsh &w, San Jose P J Young *w, N V
F H Hall, Cal J Manasse, Hanford
B Haws, Fresno W Mlddlecort', Visalia
R Gracey, Merced Mrs E Fox, (a!
F McGulre, Merced- J D McDonald, Visalia
R Pierce, New York
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
J Smith, Chicago W N Amsden, Sacto
J Downey, Sacramento G H Abbott, Oakland
P H Johnston. I'SN T Bennett, Boston
W Ringer. Denver W D Barnes, Chicago
J Finger, Stockton C Wheeler, Washington
E D Dodd, Denver W Ballerstedt, Denver
W Owens, New York I T Ward, Colo
J E Buckner, Santa Rosa ■ ,■ „v
■WEATHER REPORT BUREAU.
\ United States "Department op Agricci/
tube, Weather Bureau, San Francisco, Jan
uary 26, 1896, 5 p. M.— Weather conditions and
general forecast: !
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to date as
compared with those of the same date last season :
Eureka 23.22. last season 22.27; Red Bluff 12.53.
last season 19.70; San Francisco 10.74, last season
19.66: Fresno 3.18, last season 9.62: San Luis
Obispo 10.09, last season 20.44; . Los Angeles 4.19,
last season 11.19; San Diego -.30, last, season 9.51;
Yuma. 32, last season 2.99. * yyPp
San Francisco data— Maximum temperature 61,
minimum 50, mean 56. Rainfall . in last twenty
four hours .55. Total rainfall for this storm, 1.23.
| A well-developed storm is central this evening
off the coast of j Washington, and high south
easterly-winds have prevailed along "the coast
from San Francisco northward. Rain has fallen
along the Pacific slope from San Francisco north
ward, but as yet there has been no rain in South- j
er i California, Nevada and : Utah. ■■ Velocities of |
sixty miles per hour are reported from Fort Canby ]
and thirty-six from Eureka, Red Bluff and San ;
Francisco. The pressure is rising slightly at Rose
burg and Fort Canby. ■ A thunlerstorm occurred
this afternoon at San Francisco. -The tempera- ;
ture has remained about stationary from the l
Rocky Mountains west. The river at Sacramento |
is 25.4 feet and falling, but the heavy rainfall in j
the Sacramento Valley to-day will probably keep
the river at a very high stage. The river at Red
Bluff is 16.4 feel and rising; at Folsom lO l^ feet.
Southeast storm signals are flying from San Fran
cisco northward along the California coast.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty hours
ending midnight January 27, 1896:
Northern California— Rain; high southeasterly
j winds. .
j Southern California — Cloudy j and I threatening
j weather, and probably rain in the northern part;
southerly winds.
Nevada— Cloudy weather and probably rain In
the western portion; cooler tn extreme west. :
Utah— Fair weather Monday.
Arizona— colder north. ■ ,
San Francisco and vicinity— Unsettled weather,
with showers Monday; high southeasterly winds.
-iy-,-1 ;:■-; A. McAdie, Local Forecast Official.
The call CALENDAB.
JANUARY, 1896.
Tu.
W.
Th.
I Vr. Ba.
3 .1
10 I 11
17 18
24 25
lai.L
31 .
Moon's Fliaieg.
1
/J^M.nstQuarl
**<• January
7
9
16
©• New Moon.
January 14
13
14
i
20
21
<\\First Quartei
Vi/ January 22.
23
SO
!^1 Full Moon.
As/ January 30.
I
OCEAN STEAMERS.
Sates of Departure I* mm Shu Fr»nri<ro.
■TKAXKR. | DESTIMATIOS |
■AILS.
| FIEK.
Truckee..... TUlamook..... JanU7. spm Pier 2
H0mer...... i Coo* 8ay...... Jan 27. spm Oceanic
Eureka ; New Dor. ...... Jan'2B. »am Pier 11
ABlanchara Portland I Jan 2B. 9am Pierl3
C0ptic....... : China it JapaD Jan 28. 3pm P3ISS .
ban Bias Panama [ Jan 28,12 m PMS S
Columbia... ; Portland......'. Jan'JO.IUAM i Pier 24
Banta Koaa,. S?an Diego..... | Jan 30.1 lam i Pier 11
UmaUUs.... Vie A Pgt Snd Jau SO, 9am < Pier 9
Bt Pau1...... Newoor: ...... | Feb 1. 9am Pier II
State or Cai Portland ...... I>b 3,10 am Pier 24
rointjuoma. Grays Harbor. I->b ■' 3 ■•.-:.'.'. .........
I
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
Si eaueii |
Washtenaw .... Panama ..Jan 27
Columbia. Portland:.;..: ..Jan 27
Vmatllla. ....... Victoria A Puiet Sound ..Jan 27
North Fort .... Hum bold Bay...... .Jan 27
Peter Jobaen Nanalmo „ ; ! .'.Jan 27
Costa Rica...... • Departure Bay.......;.. ..Jan. 27
Snntaitosa...... j (fan Diego .'......... I ..Jan 28
Kiode Janeiro... China and Japan.. .. ;.. j ..Jan 29
San Bern to ! recoma... ..Jan '29
Pomona......... jHumboidi Bay : '.Jan 29
6t.Pam.......... Newport. ..Jan 30
BtateofCal I Portland ...... .....: ' !. Jan 31
City of PueDla.. j Victoria <& Pu«et Sound i ..Jan 31
Point. J^oma Urays Harbor/.;:.:.-:.: r.jan 31
Corona;.:.-...;., San i>ie«co. .:;..;.. ......v Feb 1
San Juan ....... Panama..;........... Feb ' 2
Del Norte ....... I Urays Harbor....:...... ~JFeb9a
Cnncent City... i Crescent Cur : ......... ..Feb ' 3
SUN AND TIDE TABLE.
'A
■ Sets
Sets
■
■•
VI
:.i
7 18
7.17'
5.16 a
5.51 a
bHlfi-lN ti , INTl"l-L,J.t*_-NC'__.
Arrived.
•■■■'.•" />. '.-A :,,'/-■ SUNDAY. January 26.
I Stmr Noyo, Levinson. 25 hours from Fort Bragg
pass and mdse, to J S Kimball. , .
-. Stmr 'National 'City,*' Andresen, 44 hours from
Eureka; pass and lumber, to C A Hooper <fe Co. ■ "
* Stmr Eureka, Jepsen, 71 hours from Newport
and way ports: pass and mdse. to Goodall, Perkins
Co. .. . ..-.-.. -.'••.'■■,:
• Stmr Newsboy, Fosen, 23 hours from Lorn poc:
ballast, to J s Kimball.
Stmr Gipsy, Leland. 10 hours from Moss Land
ing: produce, to Goodall. Perkins & Co.
Sailed.
IPP^V' - SUNDAY, January 28.
Stmr Arago, Reed, Coos Bay. -"•>*,' ■/
Stmr Corona, Hall, San Diego.
Stmr Pomona, Doran, Eureka.
* Telegraphic.
POINT LOBOS— January 26—10 PM— Weather
cloudy: winu S: velocity 12 miles.
Domestic Ports.
I SAN* PEDRO— Arrived Jan 26— Stmr Navarro,
I from Newport; schr Edward Parke, from Eureka;
schr Ethel Zane, from Port Gamble. Schr Ex-
I celsior, from for: Blakeley. . .
SAN DlEGO— sailed Jan 26— Stmr Excelsior, for
I San Francisco.
i ASTORIA— Arrived Jan 26-Stmr State of Cali
| fornia, hence Jan 24. p. ■;<■.
Movements of Trans- Atlantic Steamers.
NEW YORK— Jan Stmr La Botir
gogne, from Havre; stmr Palatia, from Hamburg;
stmr spaarndam, from Rotterdam : stmr Marsala,
from Hamburg nd Havre.
QUEENSTOWN— SaiIed Jan 26— Stmr Umbria,
for New York.
importations.
NEWPORT— Per Eureka— 2B bxs oranges, 9 cs
eggs.
Los Angeles via East San Pedro— l37 bxs oranges.
East San Pedro— 2o cs. canned fish, 2 pkgs mdse.
San Pedro— 2l cs bitters, 73 bxs soapstone.
Hueneme— cs honey, 10 pkgs plows, Isk seen.
Ventura— 2 pkgs hardware, 6 cs eggs, Ibx no
tions, 156 bxs oranges.
Carpenterla— 2 bxs lemons.
Santa Barbara— l bx starch, 2 sheets, 1 crt brass,
142 bxs lemons.
Gavlota— 2 bxs butter, Ics eggs, 60 sks crawfish.
Pert Harford— 33 cs eggs, 18 bxs butter, 1 hf
bbl 13 bbls apples, 1 cs cheese. 1 bx dried rabbits,
1 bx drugs, 77 sks mustard, 279 sks beans, 17 bxs
fish. '4 dressed calves. - . ■ ■ ■
Cayucos— 22 cs eggs. 1 tub 85 bxs butter, 1 box
groceries, 2 sks abalones, 90 dressed calves.
San Simeon— 47 bxs butler. 1 roll carpet, 3 sks
abalones, 8 cs eggs, 22 dressed calves.
Monterey— Bs bdls hides and pelts, Isk tails, 18
bbls low, 1 tub 62 bxs apples, 4 pkgs mdse.
MOSS LANDING— Per Gipsy— B7 sks beans, 1
cs eggs.
Moro.Cojo— 69l sks beans.
Blanch, ex P V Ry— l cs eggs %
Soquel— 9o bxs apples.
Santa Cruz— 7oo bbls lime, 1 lot lime rock.
P-S.Pr '■ Consignees.
Per Eureka— Gould & Jaudin; L Scatena & Co; L
Glldmacher&Co; Gray <fcßarbleri; Button Bros;
Dairymen's Union; Smith's Cash Store; Bennett <fc
Murray; Tillmann & Bendel: Baker & Hamilton;
Jonas Erlanger & Co: Hawley Bros; Dalton Bros;
C Carpy <fc Co: W F Mitchell ; Coghlll & Kohn ; I.
E Bandle: Dodge, Sweeney A Co; Wilandßros; W
H Nolan: Holbrook. Merrill & Stetson ; Walters
Bros; Miller. Sloss & Scott: J Ivancovich <fe Co: J
Wleland: Garcia & Maggini; Levi Spiegel <fc Co ; E
Gamier & Co; Wheaton, Breon & Co; APaladini:
American Union Fish Co; G Camillonl <fe Co: S S;
Smith: Witzel _ Batter; S Levy & Co; Hills Bros;
C E Whitney <fc Co; Ross <fc Hewlett; Wilmerding,
Lowe & Co: J H Cain <fc Co; Smith *. Young: Na
tional Brewery: Mack & Co; H N Tllden & Co; C
a Parkins: Hilmer, Bredhoft* <fc Schulz: Immel A
Co: Getz Bros & Co: Kowalsky & Co; J 1' Thomas;
Western Meat Co: Brigham, Hoppe & Co; J lie
Martini; Standard Oil Co; J Schweitzer _ Co; AL
Bryan; S Brunswick; L D Stone A Co: J stulzA
Co: OB Smith & Co; De Bernard i A Co; Reiley,
Wolters <fc Co: H Kirchmann A Co; J Hoffman; J
J Duffy; Marshall, Teggart A Co; Bissinger A Co;
Sanborn, Vail A Co; Chas Montgomery _ Co: Wm
Bradbury: Hammond A Brod ; Labor Exchange;
PGusniani; Pioneer Fish Co; FUri<SCo: Alfred
Wyss: Pacific Coast Home Supply Association;
Cash Buyers' Union.
Per Gipsy— H Cowell A Co : L G Sresovich A Co ;
HDutard; Dalton Bros; Herman Joost; E 11
Sheldon; FA Burns Co.
For Late Shipping Intelligence See Eleventh Page,
| OCEAN STEAMSHIPS:
PACIFIC COAST STEAMSHIP COaiPATO
': * 'A'ry*^. ■'-' 4' r "A~4 -■ z'-zyi ■■■-;-,...•. ■.•■..: -■.- . .* 1 -
CUT RATES
—TO
VICTORIA, B. C.. and
PUGET SOUND.
'Fixr-fSt Class... &8.00
Beconcl Class .1500
Meals and berth included.
Ticket Office— New Montgomery Street
GOODALL, PERKINS* CO..
General Agents.
O. 3==*L._cS_s IST-
ASTORIA ANpORTLAND.
$2.50 Second Class, $5 First Class,
MEALS AND BERTHS INCLUDED.
For reservations call at 19 Mont-
gomery street.
Columbia sails .January 29
tate of California sails February 3
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO., Genl. Supts.
F. F. CON'S OR, General Agent.
PACIFIC COAST STEAMSHIP COMPASY
STEAMERS WILL SAIL FROM /Wfk
Broadway wharf, San Francisco, as "*'*£* ,
follows :
For Mary Island, Lorlng. Wrangel. Juneau. Kfl-
lisnoo and Sitka (Alaska), at 0 a. __, Jan. 18, 30,
Feb. 14.
For Victoria and Vancouver (B. C). Port Town-
send, Seattle. Tacoma, Everett, Anacortes and New
Whatcom (Bellingham Bay, Wash.), 9 a. xi.
Jan. 6, 10, 15, 20, 26, 30, and every fifth
day thereafter, connecting at Vancouver with
the C. P. ■R. R., at Tacoma with N. P. R. R.,
at Seattle with G. N. Ry., at Port Townsend with
Alaska steamers.
For Eureka, Areata and Fields Landing (Hum-
boldt Bay) str. Pomona, 2 p. si., Jan. 2, 6, 10, 14,
18. 22, 2J3, SO, and every fourth clay thereafter.
For Santa Cruz, Monterey, San Simeon, Cayucos,
Port Harford (San Luis Obispo), Gavlota, Santa
Barbara, Ventura, Hueneme, San Pedro. East San
Pedro (Los Angeles) ana Newport, -at. 9 a. xt., Jan.
4. 8. 12, 16, 20, 24, 28, and every fourth day
thereafter. "...
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Harford
(San Luis Obispo), Santa Barbara, Port Los
Angeles, Redondo (Los Angeles) and Newport. -11
A. xt., Jan. 2, 6, 10, 14, 18, 22, 26, 30, and every
fourth day thereafter.
For Ensenada, San Jose del Cabo, Mar.at.an. La
Paz, Altata and Guayrnas (Mexico), str. Willam-
ette Vailev, 10 a. m.. 25th of each month.
Ticket office, Palace Hotel, 4 Now Montgomery
•treet.
GOODALL, PERKINS <£ CO., Gen'l Agents.
10 Market st.. San Francisco.
OCEMC STEAMSHIP COMPANY.
jtggSSßSbb* Coolgardie gold fields
__F0? TO "• (Freemantle). Austra-
JmW^Y4AI!LW*-,i? -*-**•• * 2 -- 0 nr3t claas -
_3a/<"V nvJ|\j 0 . ill U» $110 steerage. Lowes.
/KSir^**J^2E3ste>{''* rates to Capetown,
S Australian steamer.
(Freemantle). Austra-
lia : $220 iirst class,
i $110 steerage. Lowest
rates to Capetown, j
Honolulu and Auck- I
land, i nursday, Feb. j
steamship Australia,
Honolulu only, Sanr-
Special, Paktiks.— Reduced special * rates for
parties Feb. 6 and 15, 18915.
. Ticket office. 114 Montgomery street.
Freight office, 327 Market street.
J. D. SPRECKELS & BROS., General Agents.
COMPAGMEGEJERALETRAJSATLASTIQUE
French Line to Havre. '■
COMPANY'S PIER (NEW). 42 NORTH stMsa
River, foot of Morton st. Traveler.! by £____»
this line avoid both transit by English rail™ l* I
tne discomfort of crossing the channel in a small
boat. New York to Alexandria, Egynt. via Pari^
first-class $160; second class, $116. * ""-*■•**»"*
LA BRETAGNE, Capt. Rupe .. -
.............. ...'..'.........January 11. 777."
LA OASCOGNE, Capt. Baudelon.... ...777.""
.......January 18
LA CHAMPAGNE, Capt. P0ir0t,... '...... .777.'.""
LA BOURGOGN if," Capt. ' Leboeu "?. p. 5 .' .'.'777.'.""
' ;1 ... ......... . February I . '. '. ..*"."
JIST lor further particulars apply to
'"'». ''« _ A. FORGET, Agent.
J. F. FUGAZi & Trn wl *. ng Green ' New yor!{ - •
a/enue.San Francf;co°- ,*«"-*■• » Montgomery
ROYAL MAIL STEAM_PACKET COMPASY.
STEAMERS LEAVE ASPINWALL ___
fortnightly for the West Indies and aNSXI
Southampton, calling en route at C"rbour«*h.
France, and Plymouth to land passengers.
. Through bills , 0 ' lading, in connection with the
racihe Mail £>. 8. Co., issued for freight and treas-
ore to direct ports in England and Germany,
Through tickets from San Francisco to Plymouth,
W _ , _s'_? ut * on - First class, *195; thirl
•tees, * 97 40. For further particulars apply to
*-"■• ;■••■ ** PARROTT <fc CO., Agents,
. .-■'•■ 308 California at.
STOCKTON STEAMERS
Leave Pier No. 3, Washlngrton St-
At 6 P. 31. Daily, Except Sunday.
asjr Accommodations Reserved by Telephone.
STEAMER-:
T. C. "Walker. ■ J.D.Peters
Mary Garratt, City of Stockton,
Telephone Main 80S. Cm. Nay. and Impt. Co.
VALLEJO KB MARE ISLAND.
. STB. MONTI 'p.
■ Dally, except Sunday— io a. xl. Arm.
* Scnday-8 p. k. ' "*
iandlna-, Minion I. riat %m.
RAILROAD. TRAVEL!
LOW RATES BY RAIL
....TO
PO_lT_ji_3a , lD, OH.
WEDNESDAY JANUARY 29, '
And Every Fifth Day Thereafter.
y - i: Leave from 8. P. Co.'s Ferry landing, foot /
of Market St., at 8:00 p. m. —-
<f*-B I* ft- Including Berth in Pullman Tourist t
S/.5U Sleeper. ALSO ....
Wf-u>v ....ALSO....
First-class tickets, including berth In Qi --. 00
§ Pullman Ptanclard Sleeper, **?LO — .
SPECIAL NOTICE.
This train will not stop to deliver or take on as -
senders at intermediate stations, nor will tickets be
sold or baggage checked to such points.
«*j- Through Pickets for Puget Sound
points on Sale at Keduced Kates.
For further information apply •* _
613 MARKET STREET ii.rand Hotel
Ticket Office), San Francisco.
RICHARD GRAY, T. H .\2^£**7'
Gen. Traffic Mgr^ Gen. Pass. Agt
SOUTHERN" j*Ai;*nFfc co*H-»Ai*r*r.
(PACiriC BttfTKM.)
«._,_„ leave i»n«l are «l"« *■*-> surataa at
SAN FKANCIKCO.
„avk_ -— Fr.oM November 20. 1805. -- arrivi
~0:30a Haywards, Nilc= and Way Stations.. JO" l .?**
7:OOa Atlantij Express, Ogden and .aft.. »:**r
7:OOa Lcnicia. VacaviUe, r.urcsey. Sacra- „
mento, end BoddingTte Davis.... -:ISp
7:30 a Martinez. San Ramon, Napa, Calis-
toga and Santa Rosa o*io_»
S:_Oa Nilcs, San Jose, Stockton, lone.
Sacramento, Morj-srille. Red Lluff
and Sundays excepted Ororille.. * J»p
•8; 30 a Peters and M ton • •*. • • *■ • : J* F
9:OOa San Leandro, Haywards &"AaySt ns 11:4»A
OsOOaLos Angclca Express, Raymond,
(for Yosemitc), Santa Barbara
end Los Angeles -„ «- r
9:00 a Martinez and Stockton '•••• , " : ■*•*-
-10:OOa San Leandro, ILay**-_rds and Niles . I : -«2 P
13:00 m San Leandro, Hay-ards 4 Way St'ns 2:4 ■.
1:1 M)r Nile:;. San Joso and Lirermoro. .... . »:I*>A
»l:OOp Sacramento Liver Steamers "0:OOp
fl:3op Port Costa nnd Way Stations f7:l."ip
3:OOp San Leandro, Haywards & Way St'ns 5:43p
4:00p SanLeaudro, Haywards & Way St'ns 0:43r
«:OOr Martinez, sau E_ mon, Vallejo.
Napa, Calistoga, i'l Verano and
Santa Itosa •_■»_.
_:*•* Benicia, Esparto, Woodland,
* Knights Landing, Marysrille,
Ororillo ami Sacramento 10:43 a
_»89p Niles, San Jose, Livermore and
Stockton ?_•
5:00p San Leaadrc, Haywards Way St'ns 8:451*
8:30r New Orleans tfixpn— t. Fresno, Bakers-
,'•'-*. Hold, Santa Barbara, Augclif",
Deming, El Paso, Now Oilcans and
East •- * »:4.1a
3:30p Santa Fo Koiito. Atlantic Express
for Mojavo and Kast 10:154,
6:00 p European Mail, Ogilcu P.nd East.... 0:43
6:00p llavnardi i. Nibs San Jose 7:l!iP,*sf
J7:OOi> Vallejo ; t«:43p
7:ooi' Oregon Express, Sseraniento, Marys.
ville, Iteddine, Portland, Fnget
Sound and Last 10:43 a
* 7:00p San Leandro, Haywards& Way St'ns 1 0:.">0p
9:0!»p SarvLcandro,Hnywards&WaySt ns 'tl2:0«A
•**lo:o3p "Sunset L':_dti:(L" Fresno, Los
Angeles, El Paso, New Orleans
ana Ea5t....... §11-*i43p
f fli ilSpfian Leandro.Hay wards & Way St'ns 7:13 a
SANTA CltrZ DIVISION (XarroiT Qsage).
8:13 a Newark, Ceil ville, Sun. lino, Felt. m,
Bonldcr Creek, Santa Cri— and l Way
Stations '. ' 3 iSOx
*2:13p Newark, Contertllle, San Jose. New
. Almaden, Felton, Boulder Creek,
Santa Cruz and Principal Way
Stations "11:20 A
4:13p Newark. San Jose and Los Gatos.... 9:30 a
t11:45p Hunters' Excursion. Ban Jose and '
'.Vay Stations I *7'2or
COAST DIVISION „ Tomisemi Sts.)
xi: 45a Sau Joso and Way Stations (New
' Almadcn Wednesdays only) l:4Bp
•:15a Jose, Tres Pin. Santa Cruz,
Pacilic Grove. Paso Robler, San
""• Luis Obispo, Guadalupe and Prin-
cipal Way Statious 7:05p
10:40 a Ran Joso and Way Stations .*S:<"Op
11:43 a Palo Alio and Way Stations..'..... 3:301
- *J4:3oi- San Jose, Gilroy, Tres Pinos, Santa
■•:.: * Cruz, Salinas.Moaterey and Pacilic
Grovo.. •10:40 a
"3::iop San Joso and Principal AVay Stations 9:47 a
*4:30 - San Jose and Way Stations •B:OOa
s:3oi> San Jose ami Way Stations *8:48 a
0:30p San Jose and ay Stations fi:X*>A
'11:45p San JoKoninl Way Stations '?:4^»
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
"Trom SAN WIHCISCO— Foot of Market Street (Slip 8)—
•7:1« 9:00 , 11:00 a.m. tl:00 *2:00 13:08
. •4:00 ; -16:00 *6:00 p.M.
From OAKIAHD— Foot of Broa 'way «6:00 8K)0
10:00 A.M. »2:00 »1:00 JS:00 , »3:CO tl:00
•*5:OOr.M. -■■ '
A for Morning. T tor Afternoon.
* Sundays excepted. t Saturdays only.
t Sundays only.
i f Monday. Thursday and Saturday nights only.
•(Tuesdays and Saturdays SSnndays nnd Tburßdar^
SISFRANCISCO & SORTH PA-
CIFIC RAILWAY CO.
Tiburon Ferry— Foot of Market St,
San Francisco to San Kafael.
WEEK HAYS— 7:4O, 9:20, 11:00 a.m.; 12:35
3:30, 5:10, 6:30 p. _. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11 :30 p. _. Saturdays— trips at 1 :50
and 11:30 p. if.
BDNDAYS-8:00, 9:30, 11:00 a.m.; 1:30, 3:30,
6:00, 6:20 P. xt.
San Rafael to San Francisco.
WEEK DAYS— 6:2S, 7:55, 9:30, 11:10 A. if •
12:45. 3:40, 5:10 p. m. Saturdays— trip's
at 1:55 p. M. and 6:35 P. if. .
STJNDArS-8:10, 9:40, 11:10 a. if.; 1:40, 3:4 ft
6:00,6:25 P. M.
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park same
schedule as above.
Leave T .m. . Arrive
San Francisco. Oct! 28. San Franc 'sco.
Weekl Sun- ue-^t'lon *-* UN * j Week"
Days. ) days, destination. pAYa | Days
7:40 am 8:00 am] Novato, < 10:40am| 8:50 am
3:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma, 6:05 pm 10:30 am
6:10 pm 5:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:30 pm| 6:15 pm
Fulton, ~
7:40 am: Windsor, 10:30 am
;:,:;.■*. Healdsburg,
Gevserville, i P.PA\
3:30 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. | 7:30 pm 6:15 pm
'■yy*-- j Pieta, I ;
Hopland <_*
7:40 am 8:00 am | Uklah. | 7:30 pm 6:15 pm
7:40 am j 10:30 am
18:00 am Guerneviile. 7:30 pm
3:30 m | j 6:15 pm
7:40 am 8:00 am Sonoma 10:40 am 8:50 au
6:10 pm 5:00 PM, and 6:05 pm 6:15 pm
I I Glen Ellen. |
7:40 am 8:00 AMI s e b_ji»oDol 110:40 am 110:30 am
3:30 5:00 pm r,eD * P O -- | 6:05 PM 6:15 pm
Stages connect at San Rafael for Bolinas.
Stages connect at Cloverdale for the Geysers.
Stages connect at Pieta for Highland Springs,
Kelseyvllle, Lakeport.
Stages connect at TJkiah for Vichy Springs. Blue
Lakes, Laurel Hell. Upper Lake, Booneville, Green-
] wood, .Mendocino City. Fort Bragg, Usal, Westport,
Cahto, Willetts, Calpella, Porno, Potter Valley, John
Day's, Lively's, Gravelly Valley, Harris, Scotl-
and EureKa.
Saturday to Monday round-trip ticketsat reduced
rates,
i On Sundays round-trip tickets to all points o«- »*
, yond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices, 650 Market St., Chronicle building.
H. C. WHITING, R. „ RYAN.
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent.
Atlantic "^^^>
AND
Trains leave from and arrive tow^&pS^^^^i
at Market-Street Ferry. i«Ur__^-"?_jn?r?"_
SANTA FE EXPRESS
To Chicago via A. & P. Direct Line
Leaves every day at 3:30 p. m.. carrying Pullman
Palace Sleepers and Tourist Sleepers to Chicago
via Kansas City without change. Annex cars for
Denver and St. Louis.
CHICAGO LIMITED,
From Los Angeles to Chicago.
Solid Vestibule Train Dally, with Dining-cars,
] under Harvey s management. Connecting trains \
leave San Francisco at 9 A. m. and 3:30 p. M. daily.
| The best railway from California to the Kast.
I New rails, new ties: no Must : -interesting scenery;
I and good meals in Harvey's dining-room or dining-
cars.
Ticket Office— 644 Market. Street,
i Chronicle Building.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD
(Via Sausalito Ferry).
From San Francisco, beginning October 27, 1893
WEEKDAYS. -
For Mill Valley and San Rafael— 7:3o, 15. 11 OO
M.: 1:45, 3:45, 6:15, 6:30 p. M.
• San Quentin— 7:3o, 9:15 A. M. ; 1:46, 6:15 r. M
i Extra trips for San 'Bafael on Mondays, Wednes-
days and Saturdays at 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS. -
! For Mill Valley, San Rafael and San Quentin—
8:00, 10:00, 11:30 A. M. ; 1:30. 3:00, 4:30. "a- 15
P.M. -. "Does not run to San Quentin.
; THROUGH TRAINS.
7:30 a. M. weekdays-Cazadero and way stations. *
1:45 p. "*"• Saturdays— Tomales and way stations.
8:00 a. m. Sundays-. R>r>, .nn waystallooa
amaammmaammmmmtt
NOTARY PUBLIC.
CHARLES H. Phillips; ATTORNEY- AT-
law and Notary Public, 638 Market St., oppo-
«hn« lvE? i? te m lle3 -<- en ce, 1620 Fell et." Tele-
phone 570. Residence telephone,^ 2591."BEATS WHO ARE ON BEATS
The Merchants' Exchange Anxi
ous That All Officials Should
Pay Their Debts.
LIVEKMORE BADLY FOOLED.
A Glass Agent Used Its League of
Progress to Bid Against
Martinez.
Oakt.akd Office Sax Francisco Call,)
90S Broadway, Jan. 26. )
The Merchants' Exchange of Oakland has
inaugurated a war against people who feed
at the public crib and who dodge the col
lector when their bills are due. The move
ment has taken active shape and a com
mittee is now at work compiling a list of !
official beats. The exchange will also j
work to have the next Legislature modify j
the present insolvency bill. They contend
that the present legislation offers too much j
inducement to certain people to avoid pay- I
ing their just debts. That the position
taken by the exchange is not without foun
dation has recently been proved. A short
time ago a county official who is in receipt
of a good salary filed a petition in insolv
ency, and an investigation held yesterday
into the conduct of a police officer proved
that the official owes nearly three times as
much now as he did when' appointed, and
he has been drawing $100 a month right j
along. These facts have opened the mer
chants' eyes and they will endeavor to !
profit by the experience.
f^There is a rule of the Police and Fire j
departments that the members must pay !
their bills or suffer dismissal, but the rule
has not been applied to any other city or
county department. It has long been
considered a piece of class legislation that
a fireman with $75 per month should be
made to pay for his groceries while a
county official with $5000 a year should be
free to beat everybody he desires.
It so happens that "the secretary of the
Exchange is also a School Director, and he I
lias promised that he will use all his en- !
deavor toward having a rule passed that a
school-teacher shall be liable to dismissal !
who does not pay legitimate debts. While '
this will be all that can be done locally, '■
the merchants will try to have the in- j
solvency act so amended as to reach higher
game.
I 'urine the past twelve months several
agents representing "large interests" anx
ious to locate in Alameda Count}- have
made their appearance in Oakland and
elsewhere. They have represented gun
makers, boxmakers, bicycle-makers and
glassblowers. They have invariably inter
ested the various public bodies in the cities
and towns, and have been given an oppor
tunity to display their samples and to ex
plain their alleged value. By talking
plausibly about the great advantage that
would inure to the town where they located
them, the increased circulation of money
and the addition to the population, they
have generally created favorable impres
sions. In every instance, however, they
have been making the same offer in a
dozen different towns and asking for in
ducements, and by bidding one community
against the other they have finally found
a very generous offer.
The last case on record happened last
Wednesday night at Livermore. An
agent for a large class works was anxious i
to locate near the Corral Hollow mines, !
and would em ploy*,. over a hundred people i
before the end of two years. He had given i
considerable attention to glass factories '
and had found that there was a greater
need for one in California than for any
other kind of factory. The canners,
brewers and druggists and orchardists are
large consumers", and sufficient business
could be obtained to keep a first-class
plant running for at least ten months in
the year, The Livermore League of
Progress called a special meeting, and
were to make a definite statement to the
agent and were to close the deal.
Meeting night came and a goodly at
tendance was present. After waiting
nearly an hour the agent failed to appear
and the Livermore folks concluded that
he had, like most folks who disappear,
met with foul play. Great was their sur
urise a couple of days later to learn that
while they were waiting for the glass
agent, he was at Martinez telling the
people that he had a semi-concession from
hermore. The League of Progress
denies that he has a semi or any other
kind of concession from Livermore, and
says that until he apologizes for his lack
of respect they want nothing more to do
with him. J*. W. Booth.
Haywards Beats *N*iles.
OAKLAND, Cal., Jan. 20.— The Hay
wards and football teams met at Hay
wards to-day, and played an exciting
match. The grounds were very slippery
on account of the mud. but the points
were keenly fought for. Considerable
rivalry exists betweed tbe two teams, and
a large contingent came with the Niles
team. The score was 4 to 6 in favor of
Haywards.
Moody Still Critically 111.
OAKLAND, Cal., Jan. 20.— W. C.
Moody who was injured yesterday by the
mast of his yacht is still at the Receiving
Hospital. He is conscious to-day and
speaks, but is totally unable to explain the
accident. He is perfectly deaf and can
only be communicated with by writing.
His condition is extremely critical.
The Benedicts "Won.
OAKLAND, Cal., Jan. 26.— hard
fought game of baseball was played on the
grounds of St. Mary's College this morn
ing. The teams were composed of the
married and single employes of Joyce's
store. The married men won by a «core
of 19 to 16. " '
Higgins Is Dead.
OAKLAND, Cal., Jan. '26.— T. Hig
gins. the man who was suffering from
Bright's disease, asthma, nicotine poison
ing and consumption, died at the Receiv
ing Hospital this morning.
Bitten by a Horse.
OAKLAND, Cal., Jan. 26.— J. C. Ena
was bitten by a vicious horse on Broad
way last night. His jaw was cut, his chin
was torn and one cheek was badly
bruised.
BALL-PLAYERS AT WORK
New Men Will Be Given a i
Chance on Wednesday to
Show Their Skill.
The.Philosophical Union Has Secured
the Services of a Noted Scholar
for Next Term.
BERKELEY, Cai., Jan. 26.-The base
ball season at the University of California I
will open next Wednesday afternoon with j
a game between the sophomore and fresh
man classes. The weather having been so
stormy since the beginning of the spring
terra it has not been possible for the play
ers to do much team work on the dia
mond. The. captains of the two nines
which will take the initiative for the sea- |
son of '96 at Berkeley next Wednesday
have not yet announced their players.
Organization for the season's work is far
from complete on account of the inability
of the men, especially in the freshman
class, to show what they are capable of
doing. This lack of development of plans
is due almost wholly to the inclement
weather.
The colleges at Berkeley will have in
addition to the teams from Stanford and
the Reliance and Olympic clubs danger
ous rivals in the nines from the law and
dental colleges. The prospects for bril
liant work from these two latter teams
seem more encouraging than at any other
season since the affiliated colleges identi
fied themselves with the baseball league.
This step in advance is due to the secur
ing of several veteran players on the
diamond. ~/T/:
The law college nine will be made up
chiefly from the junior class.
Walthal, the captain, giant guard on
last year's 'varsity football team, will act
as pitcher. He has the reputation of be
ing second only to Bert Oliver of the Re
liance Club in swiftness. Kemp, alternate
pitcher, has some evasive curves in his
repertoire, and being a 10 4-5 seconds
sprinter, he is exceptionally good at mak
ing bases. . .
For catcher the most prominent aspi
rant is Kennedy, formerly of Santa Clara.
He is quite a heavy man, but quick and
active, playing at his best in an uphill
game. , 
The likeliest candidates from the upper
classes are Stanley Jackson and Bernheim. ■
Jackson was manager of the U. C. baseball
! team in 1893, knows the game thoroughly
1 and is well qualified for first base or catcher
Bernheim is the star shortstop of the
I 'varsity talent, playing in that position on
i the U. C. team last year against Stanford,
I Olympic and Reliance. Bernheim will not
play against Stanford this season, being
barred out by the graduate rule of the new
intercollegiate agreement, but he will be a
formidable addition to the law team in the
interclass games. Among the other players
from the junior class are Brehm. Clarke,
Church, Deahl, Gardiner, Haynes, Mackin
! tosh, Payne and Peters.
The dental college team will be some
what handicapped in the matter of prac
ticing together, since the hours ordinarily
set aside for work on the diamond conflict
with their periods for college work. They
expect, however, to spend three or four
hours a week together at Central Park.
Henry Abraham, the manager of the
team, states that he is in receipt of many
inquiries regarding the prospects of his
team in the proposed contest with the
U. C. juniors.
Captains Morden and Harvey will form
the battery for the dental college, and it is
anticipated that they will do great things
for their colors, both having played in
'varsity teams in former years. Arelauner
will play first base, Haynes second and
Manager Abraham third. Though the ex
act positions of the rest of the players who
have identified themselves with the team
have not been fully decided upon, it is
generally understood that Scott will play
shortstop, McPike substitute pitcher and
Roth in the field. Other candidates for
field places are Richards, Raymond, Keefe,
Bonnell and Jones.
Philosophical Union Meeting-)*
BERKELEY, Cal.. Jan. 26. -The Philo
sophical Union of the university has an
nounced a programme of lectures and dis
cussions to be given under their auspices
semi-monthly until the close of the present
term. At the annual meeting to be held
; on May 14, it is expected that Professor
; John Watson of the chair of philosophy at
the university of Queen's College, Kings
• ton, Canada, will speak on "Further De
i velopments and Supports of the Philoso
i phy Expounded in the Compte, Mill and
Spencer." This meeting will be conducted
' along the same lines as the one held last
j May, w ben Professor Josiah Royce of Har
i yard University was the speaker of the oc
casion. The union anticipates having
i some man of marked distinction from
t abroad to address them at each annual
i meeting in the future.
The programme announced for the re
' mainder of the present term is as follows:
I "Tne True Philosophy of Biological Sci
ence." Friday evenine, January 31, papers
I by Professor W. E. Ruter, U. C. '38, and
Dr. Emmet Rixford, '87; "The Relation*"
of Biology and Philosophy," Friday, Feb
ruary 14, paper by Dr. Joseph Le "Conte ;
discussion opened by Charles A. Keeler,
'93, and Professor T. P. Bailey Jr. ; "The
True .Principles of the Philosophy of the
Mind," Friday, February 28, paper by F.
C. Torrey; discussion opened by G. H.
Boke, '94, and L. D. Syle, Yale '79;
""Watson's Criticism of Kaut's Theory of
Duty as the Moral Ideal," paper by Pro
fessor E. H. Griggs of Stanford University,
discussion by H. M. Wright '94 and E. N.
Henderson '90. "Kaut on the Problem
, of Freedom, and Watson's Criticism of
i His Doctrine." Friday, March 27, paper
! by Dr. E. L.Hinman, Cornell '92, discus
| sion by Francis Dunn '85 and W. N.
Friend '96, "The Philosophy of Rights
I and Government." Friday, April 10,
i paper by (Professor) William Carey Jones,
! discussion by C. W. Leach '93 and A. G.
! Eells '86, "The Philosophy of Art and Re
! ligion as Constituting Together the Phil
osophy of the Absolute." Friday, April
24, paper on "The Philosophy of Art" by
Professor Charles Niles Gayley, and on
"The Philosophy of Religion" by E. B.
McGilvary. The discussion which will
follow each of these lectures and papers
will be general. Following the meeting
on April 24 will be annual address which
Professor Watson is expected to deliver.
COLONEL SUTER ARRIVES
The Successor of George H.
Mendell as Government
Engineer.
Served Through ■ the War and Had a
Long Experience in Charge of
Government Work.
Lieutenant-Colonel Charles R. Suter,
■who has been ordered here to succeed
Colonel George H. Mendell, retired, has
arrived and is staying at the Occidental.
Colonel Suter will be in charge of the
engineering work for the Federal Govern
ment in tbis district. He comes from St.
Louis, where he has been the engineer in
charge of the Government work in that
locality. -
He was born in New York May 5, 1842,
was appointed a cadet of the military
academy at West Point July 1, 1858, grad
uating there among the first in his class
in 1862. He was appointed a lieutenant of
engineers and ordered to the Army of the
Potomac, where he remained until the
early part of 1863, when he was ordered to
the Department of the South, where he
served to the end of the war.
In 1865-66 he was on duty examining
the condition of the forts on the Georgia
and South Carolina coast, on survey work
on the Mississippi 1866-68, and on duty at
Cincinnati in 1869-70. After that he had
charge of the improvements on the Missis
sippi, Missouri and Arkansas rivers, and
engineer of the Fifteenth Lighthouse Dis
trict from 1870 to 1881. Since then he has
been on duty at St. Louis.
Colonel Suter was appointed a second
lieutenant of engineers June 17, 1862, first
lieutenant March 3, 1803, captain June 17,
1864, major October 10, 1871, and lieutenant
colonel January 10, 1887. He ranks No.' ll
among the lieutenant-colonels, and hia re
tiring date is in 1906.
He was breveted twice during the war,
once as captain "for gallant and meri
torious services during the siege of Morris
Island, South Carolina," July 18, 1863, and
again as major March 13, 1865, "for faith
ful and meritorious 1 services during the
war." '.'/-'-
Colonel Suter is related to Edward A.
and Frank C. Selfridge of this city. . 7
--, ♦* .
In Peru the.cotton plant rises to the dis
tinction of a tree instead of the compara
tively diminutive shrub which grows in
some countries. The tree commences
bearing fruit from when itis two years old
and it continues to bear every year for
forty or fifty years.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JANUARY 27, IS9G.
BY ANNIVERSARY SERVICES
Two Branches of the Christian
Association Commemorate
the Day.
BISHOP GOODSELL SPEAKS.
The Eloquent Methodist Divine Is
Heard by a Large Audience.
Forty-Third Year.
The forty-third anniversary of the estab
lishment of the Young Men's Christian
Association in San Francisco was com
memorated with a praise service and special
exercises in the association auditorium.
Impressive as the special exercises were,
the principal feature was the splendid an
niversary address by Rev. D. A. Goodsell,
D.D., LL.D.. resident Bishop of the Metho
dist Episcopal Church.
The hail was filled with young men and
old, and there were many ladies in the
audience. All participated with fervor,
remembering the occasion was in com
memoration of a happy event in the his
tory of San Francisco's Young Men's
Christian Association. Upon the platform
SECRETARY NOEL 11. JACKS. ASSISTANT SECRETARY F. A. JACKSON.
PROMINENT OFFICERS OF THE Y. M. C. A., OAKLAND BRANCH.
[Reproduced from photographs. ]
were quite a large number of gentlemen
who have been prominently identified
with religious movements as well as Y.
M. C. A. work. ipPiy
The ceremonies began with a service of
praise led by D. M. Lawrence, at which
the congregation sang "The Banner of the
Cross," "Rescue the Perishing," "Onward,
Christian Soldiers," "I Hear Thy Wel
come Voice," and '-Labor On."
The praise service over the anniversary
exercises began with J. J. Valentine pre
siding. All sang as an introduction the
hymn "Coronation." after which Rev. W.
A. Rader, pastor of the Third Congrega
tional Church, read the twelfth chapter of
Romans as a scripture lesson. Rev. R. J.
Briggs of Centenary Methodist Church
led in prayer, and a qnartet sang selected
hyms.
Mr. Valentine addressed the audience
briefly, announcing that the meeting was
held to celebrate the forty-third anniver
sary — and then reviewing the history of
the Y. M. C. A. throughout the world. "He
said that the year just closed was a favor
able one for the association in every land,
and new friends were springing up on all
sides. He introduced the subject of debt
upon the new ouilding and declared with
emphasis that it was pressing hard upon the
rrrunagement.and unless balance of $28,-
-000 were paid by friends of the iustitutoin
there was grave danger that the building
would have to be incumbered. An appeal
was made for contributions that the asso
ciation could proceed in its path un
trammeled by financial difficulties.
The latter portion of * Mr. Valentine's re
marks were in favor of education and
moral influence as bestowed upon young
men by the association.
The hymn, "While the Days Are Going
By," was sung by the audience standing,
and then Bishop Goodsell was intro
duced.-388|i9
The Bishop began by saying he was glad
that he was permitted to speak before a
San Francisco audience on the Young
Men's Christian Association. It was a joy,
he sam, that he could stand before the
audience and speak the word of truth.
Turning to Mr. Valentine he said he be
lieved tnat when a business man stood up
to plead the cause of Christ his words had
a greater weight even than those of the
minister of the Gospel, who was too often
looked upon as a paid advocate of a stated
cause. And so he was most deeply Im
pressed by the address of the president.
"Why is it that when you enter a large
city traffic carries you through and you
first see the lower forces before seeking or
finding the spiritual?" he asked. Into
cities railroads pass at the backs of resi
dences, by low saloons. These considera
tions present the fact that men are sup
ported, influenced, carried on by forces;
and that men who know the most of the
forces in the world to-day are most suc
cessful. The Bishop said he believed these
forces could be harnessed in behalf of
Christ. The Y. M. C. A. was the outcome
of forces around men and was harnessing
those energies.
Bishop Goodsell described his impres
sions of San Francisco. What impressed
him deepest was the cable-car system— the,
car that, moved along without visible forces,'
no puff of steam, no flash of electricity.
He searched for the force that carried
those cars along.
"When I looked up to the sun I ex
claimed: There, there is the source of
power. And when I saw globes, worlds,
whirling about it I saw the source of
power was beyond and I knew it came
from the arm of God."
Fairness demands that all forces should
be investigated, and if there is an energy
in this City that would make a man look
into himself that force is well worth y of
study. It is the power of the Holy Spirit.
The one thing men need to know is
themselves. Every one feels that the
greatest advantage that can come to any
soul is to step out of itself, contemplate
itself and compare it with some ideal.
These forces are around men and the great
point of education is to know how to use
them. A great thing has been done for a
soul when it has been made to look upon
itself, study itself and by comparison see
how it may be improved.
In this City there is an : awful waste of
power somewhere; there are numbers of
men and women playing with toys with
out a realization of the ideal of Christ.
Wherever are churches, Christian associa
tions, there are the realization, the devel
opment of forces. - ...
Wealth had not been laid- liberally
enough at the door of l the association hall
to make it the institution that it should be
for a home j for young men, and Bishop
Goodsell prayed that people * would come
forward and support it as it deserved.
The services ■ were concluded with a
benediction pronounced by Rev. Dr. Coyle.
The San Francisco branch of the associ
ation was* organized in September, 1853,
and first located, over; the Postoffice on
Clay street, opposite the plaza. Monthly
meetings were held ,in the little German
church on Dupont . street, ; near Pine.
Early in '56 the headquarters changed to
Armory building, Sacramento and Mont-
J gomery streets, and in '58 to 629 Washing
ton street.. In '64 the association i pur
chased a lot at 522 California street and
erected a building for itself on that site—
the first building owned by the Y. M. C.
A. in the United States. In January,
IS6B, ground was broken for the building
on Sutter street, which was dedicated in
November of the following year. Since
that time the history of the association
has been one of progress and good work.
Branches have been established through
out the City, new features introduced and
constantly enlarged for more efficient
work, while the spiritual well-being of its
members was improved with the social
and temporal aims of the association; In
September, 1894, the present magnificent
building on Mason and Ellis streets was
completed at a cost of $335,000, and now
the San Francisco association has one of
the most complete and most imposing as
sociation buildings in the country.
SIXTEEN YEARS OF "WORK.
The Y. M. C. A. Anniversary Celebrated
in Oakland Churches.
OAKLAND, Cai,., Jan. 26.— The seven
teenth anniversary of the Young Men's
Christian Association was celebrated in as
many churches in this city to-day. The
annual report was read at each service and
sermons delivered in keeping with the
celebration.
Secretary Noel H. Jacks compiled the
report and it shows a year of active and
successful work. His assistant, Mr. Jack
son, has also done his share toward the
success of the association.
"The work has been largely one of recon
struction," says the report, "but vigorous
activity has been noticeable in every de
partment. The association takes its place
in Oakland to-day as an indispensable
agency of the church in reaching and in
fluencing the young men who throng our
oity. Our membership and the young
men who attend the various^ meetings,
talks, lectures, receptions, etc., represent
many nationalities and classes of men.
"Young men are constantly coming and
going, and during the past twelve months
many have been influenced by us, who to
day are scattered throughout the world.
The association has sought to provide in
Oakland a social headquarters for young
men, where they can spend their leisure
time not only in pleasant intercourse
under good influences but with every help
for mind, body and spiritual life.
"It consults not only the tastes of young
men in this respect but also their needs.
For the social it has healthful and at
tractive amusements; to the studious it
offers a well-stocked reading-room, educa
tional classes and lectures; for those seek
ing physical exercise and healthful recrea
tion it presents the gymnasium with
trained instructor. Around all the asso
ciation seeks.,, to throw, sound moral and
religious influences. "Prevention is better
than cure" its the great principle under
lying the work of the Young Men's Chris
tian Association.
"The year 1595 witnessed some substan
tial developments in the association which
would take too much time to enlarge
upon, so I can only give a few details, but
they will show in some degree the magni
tude of the work. This compiling of
figures, however, is only as an index
finger pointing to results that cannot be
computed. When we report that such a
number have come into the building dur
ing the year or that so many have at
tended our lectures, the numbers convey
to our mind some idea of the value set
upon the privileges offered, but eternity
alone can reveal the true magnitude, the
far-reaching importance of the work.
"In the sixty-seven religious meetings
held in the building during the present
year, there were present 10,541 men. Com
pare these figures with ISM, when only
3200 attended religious meetings, and we
see the advance made in the strictly reli
gious work.
"In the evening educational classes we
have 163 students enrolled in eleven
branches of practical study. The attrac
tions found in the gymnasium and bath
rooms are found to be potent factors with
the one great object of the work in view.
Cleanliness was not the least of the vir
tues practiced by, the members, for 7020
baths were taken, an average of twenty a
day.
"Our present needs are: First, a more
general moral support from Christian
people. Hundred of Christian men in
Oakland who might sustain a membership
from year to year do not.
"Second, more contributors to the funds
of the general work. Last year only thirty
four persons outside the membership aided
the association financially.
"To meet current obligations the trustees
were compelled to borrow during the year.
This coming year they feel that this
ought not to be done, and they therefore
hope to raise a much larger amount of
• money. The business management of the
association is vested in a board of trustees,
composed of fifteen Christian .business
men, of whom J. Edward Collins is presi
dent, and the affairs of the institution are
conducted on strictly business principles."
THE FIRE PATROL.
Interesting: Figures From the Twenty-
First Annual Report.
The twenty-first annual report of the
Underwriters' Fire Patrol for the year
ending on the last day of last December is
an instructive document for all who are
interested in fire department matters. The
report of Superintendent John F. O.
Comstock shows that the force consists of
a lieutenant, a sergeant, seven privates
and four on the auxiliary force with two
substitutes. During the year the patrol
responded to 458 bell alarms, 36 stills, 32
false alarms, used 15 extinguishers, extin
guished 7 fires, spread 1403 covers and was
in service 409 hours and 49 minutes. The
losses by fire. on buildings amounted -to
$476,344 46, and the insurances on build
ings affected to $3,256,591 97, the losses on
contents $800,736 13, insurance $1,831,
--633 61. :
The insurance paid in building losses
was $363,066 81 and on contents $590,680 71.
The losses on building ana contents not in
sured was $321,057 51.
The report also; gives a list of each fire
and cause and the number of alarms sent
in from each station since 1875. Station
25, corner.Washington and Dupont streets?
takes the lead with 219 alarms, followed by
62, Mission and Fourth, with 116 alarms;
52, Howard and Fremont, 113; and 61,
Howard and Third, 108 alarms.
The only eclipse visible in North Amer
ica in 1896 will occur August 22-23— a par
tial eclipse of the moon.
WEEKLY FRATERNAL ITEMS
The Doings of Many Fraternal
and Beneficial Organ
izations.
KNIGHTS OF ' HONOR JINKS.
An Honorary Member's Rights—
lation of Officers— Red Men's
Day.
Grand Master Edward M. Preston of Nevada
City will visit this City next month, and dur
ing his stay will visit one of the City lodges.
Next Wednesday evening the ladies' auxil
iary of California Commandery No. 1, K. T.,
will give an entertainment to tne lady auxil
iaries' of Oakland Commandery No. 15 and
Golden Gate Commandery No. lti, K. T.
On Friday, February 14, the annual election
for officers of Yeroa Buena Lodge of Perfection
No. 6, A. and A., S. K. of F., will be held.
Order of Eastern Star.
Oakland Chapter in Oakland and Miramonte
Chapter in Mountain View were recently insti
tuted by Worthy Grand Patron J. li. Merritt.
The worthy grand patron has been in the
southern part of the State, and a few days
since he instituted a new chapter at Eedlands.
Independent Order Odd Fellows.
The event of the week will be the entertainment
to be given in Odd Fellows'* Hall on Wednesday
evening under the auspices oi the Odd Fellows'
lodges of this City. The programme which fol
lows gives promise that the event will be an en
joyable one: overture, Yanke's orchestra; recita
tion, Mrs. Eva Hceggard; violin solo, "Fantaisie
Mignon," UerrJohann Marquardt; tenor soio, F.
S. Mitchell; monologue. "Cupid's Victim," Tom
Hill: lnarp solo, "Chimes of Sydney" (first time),
composed by the performer, Mme. Alexandra
Brekschuck Marquardt; cornet solo, Alired I".
Black; denticon solo, Sam Thors. This will be
followed by dancing, to commence at 10 o'clock.
The following-named were installed officers of
Golden Oate Lodge: T. 8. Cook. N. <;.•. M. K. Die
bold, V. O.; C. R. Maclauchlan, R. S. ; 1. K. Jar
rett, P. S. ; W. 11. Leith, treasurer. A banquet
followed the installation and the members had a
merry lime. Propositions are received at. every
meeting and initiations take place on the second
and fourth Tuesday of each month.
Mount Mortal) Encampment was installed at
Vallejo by Deputy J. S. Souther. It was a public
Installation and among those present was Grand
Scribe W. JI. Barnes.
Grand Master Oosbey and Grand Secretary Shaw
visited Enterprise Lodge oi Oakland last week
and they were well entertained.
The quarterly meeting of the Veteran Odd Fel
lows will he held this everting.
The officers of Haywards ltabekab Lodge were
publicly installed by Mrs. Cash, deputy, and Mr*,
stiver. J lit- ceremony was followed by a literary
entertainment and banquet.
Mount Whitney Encampment and Enterprise
Rebekah Dodge jointly Installed their officers last !
week ut Tulare in the presence of a large number
of people.
At a meeting of Oakland Itebekah Lodge Past
13 rand Master C. N. Fox delivered an address of
welcome. The officers of the lodge were installed
by Deputy Jesse A. Jackson.
Ocean Queen Itebekah i.odge of San Pedro was
vlsi ed by Orand President Fanny Benjamin, who
Installed the officers.
Deputy Wadsworth, of Fgcondido, reports all
the organizations In good condition. The Escon
didoans paid a fraternal visit to San Diego, where
they were received by the cantons, encampments
Bint subordinate lodges. A procession was formed
and preceded by a brass band th re was a parade
through the town. This was followed by an en
joyable reunion.
Antloch Lodge Installed Its officers last week, and
at the close of a banquet given by the new officers
Orand secretary Shaw and others made interest
ing addresses.
i 'rand Secretary Shaw has received a letter of In
quiry about Louis Charles Keiger, of Myrtle Lodge
of this city, who left here for Coopertown, 111., but
since returned to California, some money is await
ing htm. -
The following Is a list of tte grand master's
visitations for the future: January '.9, Hecker
Lodge, Oakland; 30, Berkeley Lodge; February
i, Petaluma Lodge; 6, Franco-Amencalne Lodge;
8, Sonoma Lodge; 10, San Pablo Lodge: 12, Morse
Lodge; 13. Fresno Lodge; 18, Stony Creek Lodge,
Orland; 19, Newvllle Lodge; '20, Maxwell Lodge;
21, Princeton Lodge; -'_, Monroe Lodge, Willows:
26, Western Addition Lodge; and -1, Montezuma
Lodge, Dixon.
Knights of Honor.
Last Wednesday night , Liberty, Fidelity and
Keystone lodges of the Knights of Honor held a
high jinks and smoker in Social Hall, Alcazar
building, and it proved to be a very enjoyable
affair. During the evening there were present at
one time nearly 300 persons, and among tha num
ber were Grand Dictator Prescott L. Archibald,
Orand Assistant Dictator W. J. Thompson, Orand I
Treasurer F. William Zehfus3 and Orand Ouide
Thomas Learned.
There was good speaking, excellent singing,
comic recitations and some very fine instrumental
music, and there were pipes and tobacco and re
freshments. The programme was carried out
under the direction of Ben I. Solomon, deputy
district grand dictator. During the evening a
great many . applications were filed, one lodge re
ceiving thlrtv-six. i..;? 1 '
The following programme was carried out and it
evoked generous applause for the performers:
overture, by I'rofessor R. H. Hahn. and Professor
Celarius; recitation, "The Story of. Three sons,"
senator Thomas Maher (Uncle Tom) ; song, "Sail
ing," Louis Lang; song, "The Band Flayed On,"
Josh Davis; recitation, "The Captain's Little Kid,"
Julius Kahn: cornet solo, "Facillta" (Hartman),
by Assistant District Attorney Alfred P. Black;
song, '-How Hogan Paid the Kent," sheriff Rich
ard 1. Whelan; banjo solo, George Mann; recita
tion, Harry Jennings; whistling solo, Richard
Fairclough; song, "She May Have Seen Better
Days," and Instrumental trio, zither, Dr. Max
Solomon, vio:in-mute, Professor Hahn, and guitar,
Ben I. solomon. Sheriff Whelan was particularly
happy and was recalled four times. The rendition
of "Call Me Thine Own," by the trio, was a charm
ing instrumental performance, bne that would
have done credit, to professionals M. D. Moses
delivered a very interesting address on the subject
of "Fraternal Insurance," showing by figures that
such is the boon for people of moderate means and
that It is the duty of every man who has any one
dependent on him to join one of the many frater
nal organizations. A. W. Branch delivered a very
eloquent address, in which he made an appeal to
those present who were not JCnlghts to make ap
plication to become such, and gave good reasons
why they should do so.
The grand officers met the officers and members
of Tahoe Lodge at West Berkeley last week. On
Monday they visited Friendship Lodge in this City
and on Tuesday Union Lodge,
To-night the grand officers will visit Clinton
Lodge In East Oakland.
To-morrow Orand Dictator Prescott L. Archibald
will visit San Jose, Wednesday he will be In Wat
sonville and on Thursday in Santa Cruz.
The following-named officers of Union Lodge
were installed last Tuesday night: James H. Riley,
past dictator; the following-named were all re
elected: George Walcom, D. ; H. Manning, V. D.
J. G. Blair, a. D.; Charles G. Schaefer, reporter;
George J. Vincent, F. it.; lx. A. Steffens, T. ; s. s.
Balk C; O. E. Bridget!, O. ; J. F. South, guardian;
C* 8. Nutting, S. ; C. 11. Matthews und E. J. Wil
kinson, trustees. .*.'-■■".■'.■*>/• '-j.'
American Legion of Honor. ;
Washington Council had a full ahd interesting
meeting on the occasion of the recent installation
of its officers. The installing officer was Grand
Commander Thomrs Filben, assisted by Grand
Secretary Burton. Some interesting addresses
were made. The following evening the same offi
cers installed the officers of Bohemia Council. Ad
dresses were made by the grand officers and by the
new commander, Robert Ferral.
The officers of Alta Council were Installed on the
17th by the grand officers. After the ceremonies
those present visited a cafe, where a collation was
partaken of. The beneficiary certificate of a mem
ber of this council was recently paid sixty days
after death. '/.-Ay
The officers of Protection and Golden coun
cils were installed In the hall of the former
lastj Wednesday by Grand Commander Filben.
The same evening the same officer installed the
officers of Myrtle Council. He was assisted by
Grand Secretary Burton. Both meetings were well
attended. ■
The new laws of the order, passed during the re
cent session, went Into effect on the Ist inst. All
assessments for any one month are now collected
as one amount. Relief benefits are made a sep
arate feature, and such relief is optional with the
members. This is raised by a special assessment.
There will be a steady Increase from accumulated
Interest and made stronger as a protection fund.
Knights and Ladies of Honor.
. One assessment, No. 433, has been levied for
February.
The officers of; West End Lodge were publicly
installed by Mrs. S. Beverson last Tuesday even
ing. The ceremony was followed by a fine literary
and musical programme and dancing.
, The grand officers will visit Berkeley Lodge next
Wednesday evening.
■. Empire Lodge has removed to Its new hall on
Market street. '..--■'.'
The newly elected officers of Bay City Lodge
will be installed Monday evening by Deputy George
J, Vincent. '
Ancient Order United Workmen.
Valley Lodge will entertain its ; members and
friends next Wednesday evening in Laurel Hall In
Shlels' building, with a literary and musical pro
gramme to be followed by a dance. An invitation
has been extended to all members and their fami-
lies. *.•■ ,'" - **V y- ' ■"*- ■■" '■*•'■'.
Columbia Lodge of Seattle, Wash., recently ini
tiated eighty candidates at one meeting. -
Golden West Lodge Is keeping up Its reputation
for receiving applications for membership.
' Lakeport Lodge reports an increase in member
ship. . .-■'■ **'■■"•
The question of the advisability of the admission
of women into the order will be debated before
Oak Leaf Lodge In Syndicate Hall on Monday, the
10th of February, by Grand Recorder D. S. Hirsh
berg, who will present the affirmative and Past
Master Workman C. H. Dunton, who will present
the negative.
_ The election for representatives to the Grand
Ledge, which Is to meet in this City on the 7th of
April, will be held in each lodge in the State on
the first meeting night in February.
Last Monday Bernal Lodge held an open meet
ing, when ex-Judge Robert Ferral of Spartan
Lodge delivered an address. Grand Receiver Booth
sang a number of songs, and others. took part in
an interesting musical and literary programme,
which was followed by a dance and banquet.
Noe Valley Lodge will bold a public installation
In Duveneck Had to-morrow evening.
Eureka Valley Lodge had a public installation of
Its officers last Thursday. Myrtle Lodge Installed
its officers on the previous Saturday. Hercules
Lodge installed its officers last Friday in the
presence of a large number of people. Grand Re
corder Hi berg and Grand Receiver Booth de
livered addresses. .
Past Grand Master Barnes delivered the memo
rial address before West End Lodge of Alameda
last week. Rev.* J. J. Martin also delivered an ad
dress. Music was furnished by the Encinal band
and there was a recitation by S. Schreve and Miss
Hath.
The following are the officers of Unity Lodge re
| cently. installed: s. L. Waller, I*. M. W. : H. Grim
shaw, M. Vf.; L. J. Parker. F.; J. K. Fitzsimmons,
I ' >. ; C. 11. Bowcott, R.; W. Tuggey, financier: E.
Lawton, receiver; W. S. Crandall, G.;H. Anto
] nessen, i. *,*,*. ; F. Stenberg, O. W. ; A. A. Stone
berger, physician; official druggists, Waller Bros.
A committee of the lodge is making preparations
for the meeting to be held on the 18tb of next
month, when Vv*. H. Jordan will repeat his lecture
on "The Land of 'the Incas." this will be fol
lowed by a dance. This will be for the members,
their relatives and friends and a large hall will be
secured. •
Degree of Honor.
Last Wednesday the officers of Sausalito Lodge
were Installed by R. B. Loudon, D. D. O. M. W.,
assisted by a team from San Rafael Lodge. After
the installation there was an adjournment to
Domerigue's Hotel, where a splendid supper was
served Addresses were made by. a number of
those present and many new ideas were advanced
as to the best means to promote lodge member*
ship. The evening was enjoyed by all who par
ticipated. .
The petition circulated among members of the
families of those who belong to the Ancient enter
of United Workmen, asking for the organization
of a new lodge in this City, is receiving a great
many signatures. It Is expected that the new
lodge will be instituted next month.
Workmen's Guarantee Fund.
The annual meeting of tho members of the
Workmen's Guarantee Fund will be held in the
Flood building to-morrow evening. At that time
a report of the management of this organization
for the year will be presented and the officers for
the ensuing year will be elected.
The Chosen Friends.
Last Thursday evening Evans Council No. 52
had a public installation of Us officers in Concord
Hail, Alcazar Dulldiug, in the presence of a large
number of persons. The installing officer was Dr.
D. B. Todd, the grand councilor, assisted by Grand
Recorder S. (*. Wall's, who acted as marshal.
Among those present were the following named
Past Supreme Councilor Arnold, Grand Treasurer
McDonald, Grand Marshal Browne, Grand War
den Sweeny, Grand Guard Kruger and Past
Grands Hut ton, Sanborn, O'Brien ana SeaweU.
There were a large number of ladies present,
showing that they take a great interest In frater
nal matters, and with close attention they watched
the Impressive ceremony of instructing the officers
elect as to the obligations they assumed. At the
close of the ceremony the members of tho council
and the invited guests repaired to Social Hall, In
the same building, where there was dancing until
midnight.
After the third dance Past Supreme Councilor
Arnold on behalf of the councilor presented to
Mrs. E. Cathcart, tbe retiring councilor, a hand
some brooch with the emblem of the order at
tached, accompanying the presentation with a few
well-deserved complimentary words to the lady
for the faithfulness with which she has discharged
the duties of her office. W. .N. Brunt, who was
the floor-manager during the evening, invited those
present to the supper room where they were treated
to a collation and were each presented with a curi
ous souvenir of the occasion. These souvenirs
were Japanese bon-bons of most grotesque shapes.
The officers installed are Mrs. E. Cathcart, P. C;
Miss M. Underwood. C; Mrs. S. J. McCall, V. C;
W. B. Dunlap. L: Mrs. C. R. Sain, secretary; W.
N. Brunt, treasurer: Mrs. A. 11. McAllister, If.;
E. E. Chessman, M.: Miss Agnes Walker, W. ; Mrs.
E. Parker, G.. and J*. Murray, S.
Last Saturday Deputy Taylor installed the officers
of H. W. 'iutton Council, to-morrow night he will
install those of Sunset council, Wednesday night
those of Phtemx Council and Thursday night those
of Social Council.
Deputy W. N. Brunt will install the officers of
ConcorJ Council to-night, and on Wednesday he
will install those of Washington Council.
'1 he initiatory team will give a drill in the hall of
Phoenix Council next Wednesday.
Three new councils are in process of organization
In Connecticut. Reports from all parts show that
the order Is making rapid progress in all parts of
the Union, and that the doctrine of equity and jus
tice for all is coming to the fro t.
Young Men's Institute.
Walla Council No. 309 was organized on the 13th
Instant by T. F. Quinn, G. D„ and P. M. Geraghty,
with forty charter members. V ':: ' *•': '"
Council .No. 305 of Vancouver, Wash., has es
tablished a clubroom for the use of its members.
The joint meeting of councils Nos. 6, 8 and 31
of Alameda county held on the 2'_' d was well at
tended. Among those present were Grand Presi
dent Lynch, who addressed the meeting, as did
also J. T. Greany, Frank McGlynn, J. S. Gil more
and C. J. Harrington.
Council "No. 55 installed its officers last Friday
night.
The following-named presidents and secretaries
have recently been elected : Pioneer Council No.
I— P. C. Kretz, president; J. J. Borden, secretary.
Mission council— J. P. Brady, president: Hy
Kugelberg, secretary. Golden Gate Council— T. P.
O'Brien, president: Charles Healy, secretary. Ig
natian Council— Frank Met; l.vnn, president; W. 11.
Rickard, secretary. Columbia Council— T. J.
Barry, president; T. A. Mccormick, secretary.
Boromean Council— J. Hoey, president: R. E.
Fazuckerley, secretary.
The following named are tiie delegates to the
Supreme Council that will meet in Denver on the
15tn of February: J. J. McDade, J. F. Sullivan,
J. F. Smith, F. J. Murasky, F. J. Kierce, James
Gallagner, Frank McGlynn and E. I. Sheehan.
There will be thirteen delegates from councils
in the East. The subject of degrees and uniform
rank will be subjects discussed curing the session.
The committee of arrangements is progressing in
the. matter of the celebration by the orderontbe
22d of February. * : ■*■■,■■;•;■
Knights of Pythias.
Vita Nuova Lodge of Redding has changed its
place of meeting to Masonic Hall in that town and
will hereafter meet on the second and fourth
Thursdays of each month. .'
Pythian day at the ice carnival at Trjckee has
been postponed to January 31, provided the
storm king is kind.
The benefit tendered the first regiment of the
uniform rank at the Columbia Theater was a grand
success. On Tuesday evening all of the Sir
Knights, Including the officers, attended in full
uniform. *
Coulterville Lodge was Instituted at Coultrrvllle.
Mariposa County, on Saturday, January 11, Past
Chancellor F. P. Otis of Union Lodge of Sonora be
ing the instituting officer. He was assisted by vis
itors from Sonora, Merced, Madera and other
neighboring points. The officers installed are: J.
J. Quick, C. C. ; Charles Ford, V. C; Abe Waldrou,
I.; John Carnsen, M. of W.: T. B. McCarthy,
M. of E. ; Mernaud Gilbert, M. of I*.; William
Floto, K. of R. and S. : R. J. Shelton, M. at A. C.
A. Bermudy. I. 0., and James»Riley, O. G. The
regular conventions will be held on Thursday
evenings in Masonic Hall.
Mars Lodge No. 202 was instituted on Monday,
January 20, at San Francisco by Grand Chancellor
George Samuels, assisted by a large numoer of
members of other City lodges. Ninety-six "stran
gers" were admitted and one member affiliated by
deposit of withdrawal card. The officers for the
current term are: T. E. Dudgeons, C. C; T. C.
Dormer. V. F. ; Fred W. Joyce, P.; Robert Cooper,
■M. of W.; D. W.Collins, K. of R. and 8.- M. EL
Beach. M. of F.: S. K. Cole, M. of E.; 11. E. Dia
mond, M. at A.; M. P. -Kuhris, I. O.: J. F. Gold
rick, O. O. The membership of this lodge is com
posed, thus far, entirely in the service of the United
states army and assigned to the various posts in
and around San Francisco. It is thought that the
lodge wiil double Its membership In a short time.
The grand chancellor Is preparing a tour of offi
cial visitations covering seven weeks, beginning
on February* 10. This tour wilt Include the lodges
in the San Joaquin Valley and Southern Califor
nia. The grand keeper of records aud seals is pre
paringjthe lists, which will be distributed in a few
days. . • :
The grand chancellor has issued a stirring circu
lar address to the membership of the order and
granted general dispensation to celebrate the ap
proaching anniversary of the order on February 19.
: Foresters of America.
The following are the official visits for the week
ending February : Monday— J. S. W. Saunders, G.
S. W., will visit Court Teutonia in San Jose, and
TE. E. Skinner, G. T., will visit Court Justice in
this city. Tuesday— S. W. Saunders, G. S.W.,
will visit Court Pajaro Valley. Bose in Watson
ville, and E. E. Skinner, O. T., will vis t Court
Robin Hood In this city. Wednesday— J. S. W.
Saunders, G. S. : W., will visit Court santa Lucia ln
Salinas, John Heenan, G. J. W., will visit Court
Alum Rock in San 'Jose, and E. E. Skinner, G. T.,
will - visit Court Barbarossa in this city. Thurs
day— s. W. Saunders, G. s. W., will visit Court
Santa Cruz in Santa Cruz, John Heenan, G. J. W.,
will visit Court Sherwood In Santa Clara, and E.
E. Skinner. ('.' TV. will visit Court Golden Eagle in
this city. Friday— E. E. Skinner, G. T., win visit
Court Hubertns in this city.
- In view of the fact that tbe last Supreme Court
practically abolished the existing endowment fund
so far as taking in new members Is concerned,
various members in this State have organized the
Foresters' Mutual Life Association. This was in
corporated December 28, 1895, under the laws of
this State. | It is the Intention to issue certificates
in amounts of $1030, "fJIJOO and $3000, and to
limit the membership entirely to members of
the Foresters of America. The following have
been selected as the board of directors for the en
. sumg yfar: W. K. Blackman, P. D. G. C. R.; C. H.
Bremer, G. S. : William Mead, P. G. S. W.J A. Or
fila, G." C. It ; Henry Ryan, P. G. C. R,; William
Alexander Ryan, P. S. R. : Lewis Thome, P. S.
C. R. ;..■..-;■.■..■
«-. The Grand Secretary is in receipt of a copy of the
report of the general relief committee of Los An
geles. During the last six months it looked after
i.iim'THnf f TlT>|-iHF"m-» ll 'iiirff'ii'.MMii m.'.,,...!. -iil«* i .i i rtiMM .i I
many members of the order and advanced to them
benefits as well as helping them In -other ways to
the amount of $362 05, while the management ex
pens2s during the same period <.r time were but
$15. The following were elected as the officers for
the present year: J. H. Bald mn. president; 1. A.
Maurlclo, vice-president: W. D. Newell, treasurer:
Max Roth, secretary.
R. B. Vellage, G. S. C. R., accompanied by J. G.
Florance, P. C. It. of Court Eucleian, paid a flying
visit to Court Niles on last Wednesday evening.
Court Russian River of Guerneviile Is making
extensive preparations to entertain its friends On
the eve of Washington's birthday.
During the pas', week i socials were given by
Court Acme .mil Conn Eclipse and a high Inks by
Court Aurora. During the coming week Golden
West Circle of the Companions of the Forest will
entertain Its friends on Wednesday evening.
Hayes Valley Circle of th" Companions of the
Forest on Thursday evening and court Robin
Hood No. lon Saturday evening. " '."
Last Tuesday evening the officers of Presidio
Circle were installed in Stelmke Hail by Mrs. Bet
and, D. G. c. ('.. In the presence of a large audi
ence. The officers are Mrs. Holtz, P. C. C. ; Miss
L. C. Lo FeVT*, C. C; Miss Moore, F. S-; Hiss
Amy Crowe, A. F. 8.; M. J. Maguire, S. ; Mrs.
Gregory, R. it.; Fred stelmke, treasurer: Mrs.
Morrison, R. ©.; Mrs. Wehe, L. O.; Miss Center
worth, I. G.; M. Henry, O. G. This circle has i.e.,
In existence but I months, but it is made up of peo
ple who take a great Interest ln ti.e order.
Court Piedmont held a public installation Tues
day evening a*. California Hall. The hall was
nicely decorated and there was a large number in
attendance. After installation there, was a ban
quet served by Piedmont Circle, C. O. F. During
the evening George Scott. P. c. 8., waa presented
with the past chief ranger's certificate and ribbon,
and Mrs. W. G. Miller. past chief companion, with
a very handsome gold badge. During the evening
the following programme was rendered: Piano
solo, Miss Heckman; address, .Mr. Bonis; whist
ling solo, Mrs. Moon; recitation. Master Floyd
Grey; duct, Mrs. Moon and Mrs. Walker; solo.
Mrs. Moon; delsarte, Mrs. Moon; piano solo, Miss
Fletcher; delsarte, Mr. Moon.
Companions of the Forest, A. 0. F.
on the 13th of February a new circle will be or
ganized In Philadelphia.
A new circle will be organized at Upper Lake,
Lake County, on the 30th Inst.
The grand officers visited Oak Leaf Circle at
South San Francisco last Friday and were well re
ceived and entertained.
Next month a new circle will be Instituted in
Vallejo. The nucleus for this circle will be organ
ized in Sausalito from among members ot the
crew of the Albatross at anchor in Richardson's
Bay.
oak Grove Circle will give a leap-year party on
the _•_*,* of February.
Washington Circle will give a valentine party
February 16.
Occidental Circle will give a social on Saturday
February 1.
Independent Foresters. V
The reports of officers Of Court Diana, Independ
ent Order of Foresters, show a marked improve
ment during the past year in membership and
finance. The meetings are interesting and well
attended. A remarkable fact is that new mem
bers are initiated at every meeting. The officers of
the court were publicly installed on the 15th inst.
Jr. Order United American Mechanics.
Recently State Councilor H. C. Schaertzer was
asked, -'Has an honorary member of our order
any right to vote on a question which concerns
the expenditure of money of the council of winch
he is an honorary member, and has he the right to
hold an active office ■.'•' To this he replied: "Sec
lion 2, 1, of the general laws couters on subordinate
councils the right or power to make provisions for
honorary membership. Section 5, article M, of the
constitution provides that honorary members
shall be entitled Co nil the rights and privileges of
membership except sick or funeral benefits. Un
der the foregoing provision* I decide that an
honorary member has the right to speak and vote
on matters relating to the finances of the council
and to bold oflice, provided that there Is no by
law of the council that deprives him of such right."
It has been announced that the new council In
Oakland was to be numbered 33, but recently
parties from Los Angeles presented a petition
proving that they were entitled to the number ami
it was allowed them. This was a council recently
organized by Deputy C. .V Wilson a: Boyle
Heights at Los Angeles. There were slxty-alx
names on the charter roll, and the majority of^ he
members are prominent professional and business
men of that section of the city. The deputy is at
work organizing another council in thai city, and
It-will soon be ready for institution.
The Colonel K. I). Baker Council No- 34 will be
Instituted in Oakland this evening by State Coun
cillor Henry O. Scbaertzer in Enterprise 11 all.
There are titty names on the charter roll.
There will be a union meeting of the councils of
Alameda County in the hall of Paul Kevere Coun
cil on the Bth of February.
In the matter of the parade of the order in this
city on the 22d of February it has been decided to
Invite all organizations that stand on the platform
; of patriotism to take par: in the parade. Any such
| organization may obtain particulars as to position
; by communicating with Vf. 8. Ft :in at 206 San
some street. It is probable that the Oakland coun
cils will take part in this procession, as they have
sent word tbat if tne time of moving is such that.
they can, after their own celebration, cross the bay
and take part they will do so. The procession la
this City will move at 1 o'clock in the afternoon,
but It may be delayed to accommodate the Oak
land councils. In the evening the Juniors and the
Daughters of Liberty will give a baU ln Odd Fel
lows' Hal!.
Improved Order Red Men.
The Great Council has received the bust of the
late Adam Smith, founder of the order on this
coast, and will place it in position at the end of the
vestibule so that It will be in lull view of every
one entering Red Men's Hall. '
Arrangements are being made at this time for the
proper observance of the _i*d of February, Red
Men's day, by the members of the order. There
will be a grand celebration at Truckee and It is ex
pected that on that day a new tribe will . be organ
ized there, C. F. MacGlashan having for some time
been gathering together the palefaces who are to
be the charter members. Great sachem Jackson
has issued a circular to all the tribes and councils
asking them to participate in the event. All the
chiefs will be in attendance.
Alfarata Council, Daughters of Pocahontas, will
give its monthly social ia Washiugton Hall on Fri
day evening.
Mrs. F. 1. Mann of Montezuma Council of the
Daughters of Montezuma has presented to the
Great Council a reproduction of a well-known
painting, "The Landing of Columbus," and It will
adorn the oflice of the great chief of records.
Last Thursday the new chiefs of Modoc Tribe
tendered a banquet to the members of the tribe in
Kid Men's Hall. About 200 sat at the table, on
which there was a splendid spread of corn and
venison. There were present many visitors of dif
ferent tribes, amoni the number being District
Deputy Past Sachem P. L. Hoff, who recently
raise 1 the Modoc chiefs; Past Sachems Collins and
Jennings of Montezuma Tribe, Past Great Sachem
Henry A. Chase of Manzaniia -Tribe, Urban
Lewis, father of the tribe, and W. Lackey, past
sachem of Osceola Tribe. During the evening
there were speeches by Great Chief of Records C.
F. Burgmatvand Past Chiefs ''uiustadt and Uoff, -
recitation by F. Jennings, song- by K. Owens, comic
sayings by Kd ward Sweeney and Judge Groezin
ger, and banjo selections by J. Parrell. Past,
Sachem P. L. Bliss, assisted by It. V. Bon, was the
master of ceremonies. The affair was arranged by
T. D. Holland, sachem; B. Cameron, senior saga
more, and J. Hoff. junior sagamore. Modoc Tribe
has 150 energetic workers and It is no** one of the
leading tribes. • ■■;.';..
The National Union.
R. F. Wells, general deputy for the Pacific Coast,
has arrived from Seattle and proposes to remain
here for some time in the interest of the order.
During Us stay he will probably Institute new
councils. '\
The officers of Eldorado Council were installed
by members Of the senate, after which a collation
was partaken of. P>
Union, the banner council, had its officers in
stalled by a delegation from the senate, assisted
by Deputy Wells. A social programme followed.
Golden Gate. Council bad a splendid gathering
recently on the occasion of the installation of its
officers.
At the installation of the officers of California
Council the meeting was an open one, and on that
occasion Deputy \\ ells presented the council a set
of officers' jewels. At a banquet that followed
toasts were offered and responses made by R. F.
Wells, C. J. King, H. L. Tisehnor, J. E. Field and
H. L. Sanborn. The council quartet rendered sev
eral selections. ■ - ■
The officers of San Francisco Council were In
stalled last week in Bed Men's Hall In the pres
ence of a large number of people, • .
NEW TO-DAT. ,
**2B_?*»
DOCTOR SWEANY,
* San Francisco's Leading Specialist,
SUCCESSFULLY TREATS ALL CHRONIO
diseases of the head, throat, lungs, heart, stom-
ach, liver and bowels; kidney troubles, disorders
of the bladder and urinary organs, rupture, piles,
varicocele, hydrocele and" swelling of the glands.
.Loss or partial loss of sexual power in either men.
or women, emissions, sleeplessness, mental worry,
bashfulness. falling memory nnd all the distress-
ing ills resulting from nervous debility positively
an 1 permanently cured. Gonorrhoea, Gleet, Stric-
ture and that terrible and loathsome disease, Syph-
ilis, thoroughly and forever cured.
WRITE your troubles If living away from the
city and advlco will be given you free of charge,'
Address F. L. SWEANY, M.D.,
- 737 Market St. (opposite Examiner Office),
,WBm-&:- >' ■ San Francisco, Cai.
910
SOCIETY'S GAY FUNCTIONS
Unique Supper and Living Pic
tures at General Di
mond's House.
ENGAGEMENT ANNOUNCEMENTS
Wedding of Jacob J. Ackerman and
Miss Delia Murray— Pease
Tea to Miss Averill.
In Oakland the engagement has been
announced of Miss Hattie B. Colegrove,
daughter of Mr. and Mrs. G. L. Colegrove,
and Harold L. Martin, son of Attorney J.
C. Martin. The wedding will take place
next Thursday.
The engagement of Miss Rowena Mitch
ell and A. F. Edwards of Oakland has been
announced. The wedding will take place
the first of next month.
The engagement is announced of Ade
laide Edythe Ryan and Jacob Henry
Gensler. The wedding will take place in
the spring.
On Sunday, the 19th inst., Delia A. Mur
ray of this City and Jacob Joseph Acker
man of Sacramento -ft ere united in mar
riage. Tbe ceremony was performed by
Father Dillon, a friend of the bride, in
the Sacred Heart Church, which was hand
somely decorated and brilliantly illumin
ated. "At the conclusion of the religious
services the wedding party repaired to the
home of the brides sister, where an ele
gant supper was served. Late in the night
Mr. anil Mrs. Ackerman left for the Baldwin,
prior to their departure for their new home in
Sacramento.
A pleasant tea was given by Miss Gertrude
Tease on Wednesday complimentary to Miss
Averill. The rooms were prettily decorated
in narcissi, and roses. Miss Pease was as
sisted in receiving by Miss Blanche Castle,
Miss Louise Breeze. Miss Augusta Cole, Miss
Clemmie Kip and Miss Edna Moody.
Mrs. Paul R. Jarboe and Mrs. Joseph Tobin
gave a delightful entertainment Saturday
evening at the residence of their father, Gen
eral Dimond, in honor cf Miss Sherwood of
Spokane Falls. It took the shape of a "Dutch"
supper with living pictures. The guests were
seated at tete-a-tete tables in the large salon
to the left of the hall, at the end of which was
erected a small stage with curtains for the
production of the tableaux.
The following ladies came and went to the
call of the guests, serving them with the
frothing lager and the toothsome schwarzbrod,
sausages of every kind and the stimulating, it
somewhat aggressive, limburger: Mrs. Ed
ward R. Dimond, Miss Minnie Houghton, Miss
Bailie Maynard, Miss Ethel Smith, Miss Helen
Smith, Miss Lizzie Carroll, Miss Jennie Blair,
Miss Jennie Catherwood, Miss Sherwood of
Spokane and Miss Ella Goodall. Chocolate
was served by Miss Bertha Smith and Miss
Ella Morgan, attired in chocolate costumes,
with dainty caps and aprons.
The young ladies who acted as flower girls-
Miss Ethel Keeney, Miss Gertrude Carroll,
Miss Helen Wagner. Miss Marian Wells, Miss
Flora Dean and Miss Delia Newton of Brook
lyn, X. V.— were dressed in white muslin with
colored ribbons matching the flowers they car
ried in small baskets.
The sweets and bonbons were distributed by
Miss Vesta Shortridge, Miss Laura Bates fur
nishing cigars and cigarettes to the gentlemen.
In the meantime the tableaux were being
presented on the stage in rapid succession.
The tableaux were as follows:
"Group of Beer Girls"; "The AVooing,'' by
Mis.-? Helen Smith and George B. de Long";
"Madame Becamier," by Miss Edith Mcßean;
"The Little Duchess," by Miss Helen Boss;
"The Springtime of Love*," by Miss Thomas
and Tarn McGrew; "The Princess Helene," by
Miss Sarah Collier; "Cruelty to Animals" (Gib
son), by Miss Genevieve Goad and William R.
Heath; "One of the AVinning Crew," by Miss
"Mary Bell Gwin and Addison Mizner; "A Gib
son Girl," by Miss Thomas; "Good Night," dv
Miss Mary Bell Gwin; "The Two Roses," by the
Misses Thomas; "A Girl AVith a Muff," by Miss
Alice Hager; "Penelope Boothby," by Miss
Beatrice Tobin; "The Lilies," by Miss Helen
Boss.
At the conclusion of the tableaux and the
supper, which had formed so agreeable an ac
companiment, dancing was kept up until
nearly midnight.
Corporal Henry Gleeson, of the upper office
at police headquarters, was tendered a birth
day and surprise party on Saturday evening
last by a number of friends at bis residence. 16
Hartford street. It was a most enjoyable occa
sion, and when the host was called upon to re
spond to a toast he took occasion to remark
ill at they were celebrating two events, that of
his thirty-fourth birthday, and also the twenty
second anniversary of the marriage of Major
William Fahey, of the Cosmopolitan Hotel.
He thought the latter the most remarkable
event. The Major replied and Captain John E.
Gleeson rendered "The Sword of Bunker Hill,"
and to an encore responded with "The Parting
Giass." There was music, dancing and games.
Among those present were: Mrs. William
Fahey, Miss Josephine Fahey, Miss Agnes
Fahey, Miss Eugenia Fahev, Mis. Max Blumen
thal, Mrs. Max Cohan, Miss Louise Heineberg*,
Mrs. William Hendricksen. Mrs. C. P. Wright,
Mrs. Peter Peshon, Mrs. Thomas Slattery, Mrs.
M. F. Slattery, Mrs. Thomas Kortick, Miss Josie
Keane. Miss Anna Daly, Mrs. A. Barry, Miss
May McTiernan, _iiss Alice McTiernan, Major
AVilliam Fahey, John E. Gleeson. William Hen
drickson, M. Blumenthal, P. Peshon, Robert
Ross of Santa Rosa, Henry Gleeson. Sergeant
Cassius P. Wright, M. F. Slattery, Thomas Kor
tick, Edward Adams.
In honor of the eighteenth birthday of Miss
Clara Miller a delightful reception* was given
at her home, 411 Fourth street, on Saturday
evening the 'Bth Inst. Among those present
were: The Misses Clara and Bertha Miller,
Miss Madge Seeger. Miss May Goddard, Mr. and
Mrs. Simons, Mr. and Mrs. Seeger, Miss Mamie
Harrington, Miss Clara Lenahan, Miss Annie
Murphy, Miss Alice Dyer, Miss Ollie Stewart,
Miss SybUla Murphy, Miss Mamie Lahev, Miss
Martha Tierney, Miss Nellie Philben; Robert
Simons, James Goddard, Eugene Harrington,
Charlie Leuahan, Frank Lenahan, Lee Dodge,
Thomas Wiggins, Mr. Whitten, Dick Gibson,
Sam Carew, Charles Carter, Thomas Crow, Mr.
Easton. Jama Carney, Mr. Spencer, Mr. Smith.
The twenty-fourth Gilmour and AVilliams
whist and social was held at Dr. A. A.Gilmour's
house, 40-1 Golden Gate avenue, last Friday
evening at 10 o'clock. A fine collation was
served, after which the time wasrpleasantlv
passed with music," . singing . and danc
ing. Among those present were: Dr. L.
Q. Roberts and sister, D. A. AVilliams and
daughter, D. B. James, wife and daughter,
Arthur Jones and two sisters, Albion Perley,
W. E. Rowland, the Misses Burns, Miss Annie
Hackett, B. Haneustein, E. L. Griffin.
In honor of the eighteenth birthday of Miss
Sophie Sulberg on Saturday, the 18th, a sur
prise party was given at her residence, 1205
ayes street. A delightful programme of vo
cal and instrumental music and recitations
was followed by a supper and dancing. Among
those present were: Mr. and Mrs. Sulbdrg,
Mrs. AVhalen, Mrs. Brarens, Mrs. Mclntyre.the
Misses Sophie Sulberg, •■Trilby" Agnes' Simp
son, Annie Reutschler, Annie and Jennie AVha
len, Bertha Brarens, Estelle, Daisy. Ada and
Rosine Dennery, Lena Becker, Ada Ranp. Nel
lie McTntyre. Florence Sutton; Vincent Cronan,
Eugene Budde, Albert Budde, Brank Harring
ton, Mr. Murphy, Charles de Geurre, Ed, Gus
and Jack Bitter, Henry Downing, Henry Mcln
tyre, Jeremiah Patrick Dillon and Masters Wil
lie, alter and Harry Sulberg and Milton Rapp.
The regular social meeting of the Pacific
Coast Woman's Press Association will be held
this afternoon at 2:30 o'clock in the parlors
of Golden Gate Hall. Among the numbers un
the programme are the following: A paper by
Miss Adeline E. Knapp, readings by Miss Pearl
Humphrey and a paper, by Miss Rose O'Hal
loran. ',
An enjoyable progressive heart party was
given by Miss Estella Fairfield at her resi
dence, 1924, Lexington avenue, on Thursday
evening last. A'ocal selections were rendered
by Miss and Mr. Raymond, George Crandall
and AVilliam Berger. Alter partaking of re
freshments, dancing and games were kept up
till a late hour. Among those present were*
Mr. and Mrs. Fairfield, Miss Estella Fairfield
Miss Sadie Fairfield, Miss Julia Hughes Miss'
Mac Bailsman. Miss Jennie AVahlheim, Miss
Gertrude Williams, Miss Alice Adamson, Miss
Florence Raymond. Miss Agnes Adamson. Miss
Mollie Hand, Miss Annie Hand, Miss Kittle
Dolan, Miss Lizzie Dolan, Miss Mina Crandall
Mr. Kearny, Arthur Raymond, Bert AViison'
Frank Benson, George . Crandall, George AVahl
heim, Nelson i Thompson, AVilliam Berger,
Charles Hooper, Oliver Fairfield and Herbert
Fairfield. ll ll.JHill HIHHI
A pleasant surprise party was given to Mr.
and Mrs. M. F. Donieavy last Saturday at their
residence, 1136 Howard street. The company
took possession of the house in the absence of
Mr. and Mrs. Donieavy at the theater and sum
moned them home by messenger. A sumptuous
supper was served at 11 o'clock. Among those
present were: Mr. and Mrs. John Crowley,"
Mi»« Marie Crowley. Miss Lizzie Crowley, Miss
Ruby Donieavy, Miss Mamie McSorley, Miss
Nellie Donieavy, AY. P. Crowley, MissK. Regan,
T. Kelleher, M. Benn, Hugh BenD, Miss Ella
Kclleber, W. Driscoil, the Misses Nellie, Maggie
and Mary Heafey, P. Bracken, E. Heafev,
Miss A. Bur well, D. J. Crowley, Miss M.
O'Keefe, Miss Mary Benn, C. J. Stokes,
Thomas Brvson, Thomas Madden, R. Scan
an, Miss Mamie Riley, T. Powers, James
Lynch. James Manning, George Wills,
W. J. Mills, A. Johnson, Miss Ella Kelly, Frank
Kelleher, John Paustian, A. F. Matheson,
Charley Matheson, David Rogers, D.Simon,
J. B. Pinkerton, Miss Cahill. F. Johnson, C. T.
Burke, John Havden, Miss Maggie Murray,
Miss Maggie Cullman, Mr. and Mrs. J. M.
Abrams, J. Tierney, Timothy Lynch, C. Crow
lev, Miss Florence Borella, Mrs. J. Meade, Mr.
and Mrs. A. Borella, Mr. and Mrs. Joseph
Borella, T. B. O'Brien, J. G. Conroy, D. Rich
ards Walter N. Brunt. Major E. P. Enright,
Joseph Enright, Mr. and Mrs. Thomas Bren
nan, A. Fagalie, J. Robb.
Kin Annie Kallmann has gone to Los An
geles on a visit to her sister, Mrs. M. Glass.
Walter J. Talbot, the popular tenor, left Chi
cago last Sunday for New York.
THE HANDBALL COURTS.
Champion Donnelly and T. F. Bonnet
Defeat Champion lliiiLow and J.
O. Nealon.
The rainy weather had the effect of
crowding the handball courts yesterday,
and the spectators witnessed several excit
ing and closely contested games. The
principal event was at the San Francisco
court, where P. T. Donnelly, the amateur
champion, and T. F. Bonnet played against
J. Harlow, the coast champion, and J. C.
Nealon and defeated them. Harlow and
Nealon won the first two games, but the
two invincibles pulled themselves together
and won the next' three, thus keeping up
their unbroken record of victories. The
defeat of Harlow and Nealon, two of the
most scientific players on the coast, places
Donnelly and Bonnet in an invulnerable
position. 7*^7
Another match, which, although not as
scientific as the other.was watched with as
keen an interest, was played between Phil
Ryan and Dan O'Brien and J. Rodgers and
'A. McNeil. Each team had won two
games when in the fifth, while they stood
20 to 19, O'Brien, in attempting to return
an almost impossible ball, fell and dis
located his shoulder, which put an end to
tbe play. . ' .*-_
Besides the usual spectators at the Occi
dental court there was a large delegation
from the Acme and Reliance clubs of Oak
land. The lights had to be turned on for
the final game between M. J. Kilgallon,
the Denver champion, and J. J. Feeney
and Richard Linehan, the over-hand
swioer, and Ed Maloney. Linehan swiped
as he never swiped before and his defeat
was so close that little margin was left for
rejoicing on the part of the winners. A
return match will be played on Wednes
day evening, when Sullivan and McElroy
of the Olympic Club will also play against
John Purcell and Al Hampton.
General J. G. Wall, a great lover and
promoter of amateur sports, has pre
sentea the Occidental Club with $100 to
purchase a gold medal for the best player
in the City. A meeting of the club will be
held during the week, when a single
handed tournament will be arranged.
The fall of rain in the afternoon spoiled
the games at the Union court, which is un
covered. In consequence the match be
tween J. Nelson and Terry McManus and
W. Kelly and J. Roger was postponed till
next Sunday.
Following were the games played in the
courts yesterday :
San Francisco court Ryan and D. O'Brien
played J. Rodgers and M. McNeil. Each side
won two games, and the final game was post
poned until next Sunday. J. Slattery and P.
Hutchinson defeated AY. AVilliams and M.
Hutchinson. 21—11. 16— 21, 21—17. AY.
Manion and G. McDonald defeated J. Rodgers
and M. McNeil, 21—12, 21—18. J. Callahan
and M. O'Donncll defeated Thomas Maloney
and J. Fitzgerald, 21— 18, 12—21, 21—13.
J. Slatterv and P. Hutchinson defeated D,
Connolly and AY. AVilliams, 21—16, 9—21,
21—14. Al l'ennoyer and James Nelson de
feated James C. Nealon and Willie Jacobs,
21—16. 17—21, 11—21. I*. Donnelly, the ama
teur champion, and T. F. Bonnet defeated J.
Harlow, the coast champion, and J. C. Nealon,
13-21, 21-9, 21-8, 21—17. J. Rior
dan and C. Collopv defeated J. Condon and F.
Mitchell, 21— 19— 21,12— 18,21— 20.
Occidental court— Bascher and James J.
O'Brien defeated AY. Cronan and D. E. Condon.
21—15, 21—13. P. H. Goes*«el and P,
C. A'aughn defeated O. Westerfeld and B.
Clemens, 21—15, 21—17. C. Kane and A. G.
McKerron defeated A. G. Green and J. E.
O'Meara, 16—21, 21—14, 21—19. Al Collins
and G. Cunningham defeated J. Shaw and W.
Collins, 21—17, 13—21, 21—18. V. C.
Tobin and G. Goggin defeated D. M.
Stanley and C. J. McGlvnn. 21—14, 16—21.
21—12. P. Cadigan and W. Gillette of the Re
liance Club defeated D. AVilliamsom and J.
Coakley of the same club, 21—12, 11—21,
21—16. In the Acme Club game T. Feunessy
and J. Hanitin defeated Lou Hardie and 11. R.
French, 20—21, 21—16, 21—18. Lou Kenny
nnd Ed Maloney defeated John Purcell and P.
Kelly, 21—16, 18—21, 21—17. M. J. Kilgallon,
the Denver champion, and John J. Feeney de
feated R. Linehan, the overhand swiper, and
Ed Maloney, 21-15, 21—17, 19—21. 20—21,
21—18.
Union court— EdDradv and Sam Barber de
feated Andy Porter and Thomas Drady,2l— ll,
18—21. 21—17. Tim Jordan and ' William
Keough defeated T. Lenihard and AY. Lennard,
19—21, 21—16, 21—19. T. Bosto and M. Carlo
defeated Lou Magner and J. F. Kdmond,21 — 19,
17—21, 21—20. Thomas Doyle and Joe Mi-
Namara defeated John Dooley and Tom Halli
han, 21—15, 21—18. C. Johnson and Professor
Lynch defeated O. Hendry and R. Parkinson,
21—17, 19-21, 21—16. J. Bryson and E. AVil
liams of Mare Island played a single-hand
game and Bryson won, 21—16, 18—21, 21—20.
"THE CALL" RACING GUIDE.
To-day's Entries at the California Jockey Club, Bay District Track.
In races where the horses have no record at the distance to be run the records at the next nearest
distance are given.
Abbreviations— fast: Fa., lair: H., heavy; m., mile; f., furlong: *, about.
FIRST RACE— Five furlongs; selling; non-winners in 1895-96.
Index.
Name.
Lbsj
I Best
[record.
Lbs Tk.
I.
685 W. L. Munion.. 107
679 'Little Pete..:... I 301 i
860 bailie Calvert... 101
677 I.avona C 107
617 Valparaiso 105
679 Ida Saner 101
676 iAKgrapina 87:
588 Chartreuse I 105
5.iS Pecksniff 114
683 EeUeof Stonewl 109
685 Catch 'Em 107
688 DuVe Stevens. .114
679 IPeliotlo I 95
no rec. i
,no rec.
no rec.
no rec.
no rec.
no rec.
no rec.
; no rec .
no rec .
1.0 rec.
1:15
! 1:45
no rec. I
sVa't"'"
lm 70yd
i I
........
>#>i
::::::::
....1....
"99 ii!.
106 F..
; .......
F. Phillips [Springbok-Astoria
I' B. tii 1 tli St. Saviour-Lulu B
Mrs. Gort'dard Jim Gore-Mollie Pitcher
J. Carroll Ansel-Miss Goodrich
Key Alfonso stable j Imp. C'heviot-Varona
<i. L. Bell .loe Hooker-Addie (VXell
W. Macdonougb... 'Knterprise-China Rose
IJ. schreiber iKmperor-Wacoola
.1. M. Bucklry Ip. JMr. Pickwick-Henlopen
\V. B. Sink jSpendthrift-.Miss Nailer
iMokelumne at fm'lp. Midlothian-Little Flush
O. Appleby ( Dukf Norfolk-Kdna X
; K. \V. Roberts imp. Brutus-by Kelpie
Index. Name.
647 IPernapa
(567) Pearson
.V>S Rutledge
570 Unity
XO2 Monitor
678 jDon Pio Pico...
680 iSam I.cuke
Name.
l('all:13% *6f '
106 1:19% 6 f
103 -.52 V* % m
103 ):13 *6 f
i 89 1:13 |*6
106 1:021/4! 5f
110 1:01 1 4 : 5 i
I Bf-st,
Lbs record .
Lbs 1
110 F... Nell <t Coney Kosclusko-May Viley
118 H.. 18. Hchrelber Imp. (.r,-at Tom- Drift
115 H..IW O'BMacdonough St. Carlo-sister i<> Ruth ßvan
10H F... URsell :.. ]Imp. Rosington-Unite "
91 F. .. 'California stable Imp. Sir Modred-Visalla
106JF..JJ. Ri.bbins Joe Hooker-Countess Zvika
110,F...!BurnsifcWaterhouse|Imp. Darebin-Carrie C
Owner.
Pedigree.
THIRD KA
mile; handicap.
(59 - O I.ORan.
(577) Alvarado
587 Little Cripple...
(494) (Gratify
Name.
! Best I . , I I
Lbs record. I Dist. Lbs Tk.!
114 1:40% 1 m ' 1 119 ¥7.
94 1:46 jl m 191 H..
105 1:45 lniTOy 109 F...
96 1:2714 7 f 114 F...
A. Shields
'W. B. Sink Jr
J. Weber
Westchester stable.
Owner.
Voltlßiier-Pert
Amigo-Santa Margaretta
imPlPenzance-Lv.Stanhope
FOURTH RACE-One mile and fifty yards; selling.
Index, j
! Best
ndex. Name. | Lbs record. Dlst. Lbs Tk. Owner.
424 Orbit |IOH no rpcJ ! ... . 1 . ... ' J Brenook
(582)r(utago ,106 1:463,4 1 m 106 H.. ' B Ir-chreibf r.
561 |Red(Jlen 108 1 :H3i /3 7 f 9X H.. Cambridße stable .
. r >Mj Mouita ;10H 1:41V 2 lm 104 F.. M. Schwartz ..
882 Uy Dy 1 108 l:41%lm 921F.. J. H. Shields ...
(585) ; Lucky Dor |110 1 :09« i 51/2* 120 11.. Hurns&Waterhouse
;Oneko- Flotilla
! Hidal^o-Graciosa
iGlen Elm-Red Girl
ISt. Jsiivionr-Nighthawk
Illyder All-Add ie Warren
Imp. Darebin-Lou Lamer
FIFTH RACE— About six furlongs: selling.
Index.
I Best |
Lbs record.)
I I
Lbs; Tic. | Owner.
109 F... K.J. AO.W.Boesckei
99 H.. N.s. Hall
106 H.. B. Sen reiser I
107 11.. s. c. Hildreth......
105 Fa. i Pacific stable
106 K...|Woodlawn stable...
96 Fa. p. Siebemhaler
102 11.. El Primpro stable..
91 F...]ra Kamsdell
iijiF... ; Burns .iWaterhouse]
1246 ißirifax 109 1 :m/.'*6f
681 Robin Hood 1... 1109 1 :11Vi 6V 2 1
681 Highland ... 106 1:16% 6if
662 Sligo 109 1:17 '" « f
Haciendia ...... 101 l:lHy 2 6f
606 Gov. 8udd...... 101 1:01 5f
498 5ea5ide.......... 104 l*.l4V^i*6f
(589) Summertime... 90 1:10 5% f
577 Myron 103 1:08% 6% t
.670 MuMcOregorH 1 91 l:01%!5f
i Argyle-Imp. Amelia
: Forester- Alaratana
[Col. Hepburn-Kdna
;Id. Mr. I'ickwick-Henlopen
iVoHnrno-Ollie
Fresno- iiosa G
Imp. Mariner-Marln
Fitrjatnes-Hpringlike
lp.Midlothian-by Great Tom
I I'ay Star-Miss McGregor
BIXTH RACK— Five
i; gelling. Non-winners In 1895-96.
Index.
Name.
Lbs
' record.
Dlst.
Pedigree.
690 Oreen River....
•681 Charger
187 Little Frank....
684 Lellaß !
59fi i Chevalier.... I
1144 ißrltannia I
696 iChlnoo* I
676 Ashland Kclipse!
6J)I Hurry 0........
1117 |Cnrrency
•521 Lauglimore...
605 iTriumph i
617 Geo. Dickenson !
590 Long DOr i
579 Geo. Bon hen....|
lO6Jno rec.
105!
10.1
105 no rec.
1105
I 99 ! n0 rec.
!105
95 1 no rec.
105
105 no rec.
j!o7i
!1081
'105 no rec.
,105,
....
l» i Chase Imp. Grrenback-l.everett
W. Davis Idale A-Unknown
T. Lewis „ Spinning rannie Hunt
111. \V. Enos. lronwood-Jennie Mack
P. Archibald Joe Hooker-Clara L
Niagara stable Imp. True; Uriuon-Mercedes
}\ m. Dixon Imp. Black Bird- 11-Chariiy
Dr. Kowcll ...,|l.ogic Bluestockings
iKO'Kourlcc Imp. Trade Wind-Dolly 3
r. Hildreth 'imp. Greenback- Acquito
B. Sloper Uneas-I'aultue
K.KShorell I John A-Tillle C
•'• Lodweil GlenDudly-JackMlnermare
|D. Halliday Kayon d'Or-Blandana
jJlatt Bonhert j Reveille-Halle
....
E ----- j
•Old index
THE SAN, FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JANUARY 27, 1896.
PUPILS' LIVES IN DANGER
Menaced by a Concrete Wall Just
Finished at a Public
School.
PLAIN INSTANCE OF JOBBERY.
Deep Ruts in a Newly Asphalted
Playground Planked Over to
Save Children.
The North Cosmopolitan echoolhouse,
on Filbert street, between Taylor and
Jones, was recently remodeled and re
paired. The children who attend the
school are now in dancer of their lives
from the falling of concrete walls or of
serious injury to limb by stumbling into
deep chasms in the newly concreted play
ground. Just three months ago the School
Directors were congratulating themselves
on the clever work they had done in mak
ing a practically new schoolhouse out of
the old building. Last Saturday Miss
Margaret McKenzie, the principal, made
anxious appeal to the Buildings and
Grounds Committee of the board for relief
from the ruin that menaced the pupils.
"The concrete sustaining wall is still
pressing inward upon the yard," she
wrote, "and it is liable to fall" in at any
moment. I have to keep the children
away from it lest the wall might cave in
upon them."
The letter was directed to H. C. Hender
son, chairman of the Buildings and
Grounds Committee, who in discussing
the subject yesterday declared :
"This is about the worst case of jobbery
that has yet come under the notice of the
hoard. The utmost care has to be taken
lest the children attending the school
might be killed or injured by falling walls
that are not three months old.
"The North Cosmopolitan School build
ing was moved back from the street and
two wings were added. New hallways
were put in and the yard in front was
filled about twelve feet. "With the new
arrangement the yard is on the south side
of the buiJding. and this gives the pupils a
chance to play in the sunshine, where it is
dry and pleasant. But the sidewalk is
still a considerable height above the yard
level, say fourteen feet at one end and
about ten fieet at the other end. This ne
cessitated the building of a concrete sus
taining wall for the sidewalk.
. "A contract for the whole work was let
to Thomas Brannan & Son for $14,000.
These contractors sublet contracts for the
sustaining wall and for covering the yard
with bituminous rock. Ransom, Leonard
& Keating built the wall. Hardly had
the boards been removed than the wall be-
pan to crack and bulge in over the yard.
The work was so poorly done we retained
$500 to be used in reconstructing the con
crete wall, but I understand that the con
tractor is going to sue the board for that
money. He will have a hard time get
ting it.
"I am writing a report on this jobbery
to be presented at the next meeting of the
board Wednesday night. I shall recom
mend at that meeting that the board ad
vertise for bids for the reconstruction of
the wall, and also that the present one be
torn down without further delay. An ex
amination of the concrete has revealed the
! fact that there was not one-fifth enough
cement used to make it a good and lasting
job.
''Miss McKenzie, the principal, informed
me yesterday that the wall was still fall
ing, and had pressed inward seven inches ,
or more in the last week. As the wall is >
j about fourteen feet high where weakest it i
j is very dangerous, and the puplis are not
] allowed to go near it at any time. It is
liable to crumble to pieces or fall in upon
the yard.
"The yard itself is another instance of
rascality. It has settled fully two feet in
places and is in a disgraceful condition.
Mr. Kincaid. the inspector of buildings for
the board, made an inspection of it last
week with me, and we came to the conclu
sion that the deep ruts should be planked
t over to prevent children from being hurt
, through falling in. ,
"Even the asohalt-covered playground is
a menace to the children. All over the
bituminous coating is cracked and sunken,
| having followed the imperfect filling, and
I the result is that the yard is a series of
deep puddles and little lakes, through
which the pupils pass with difficulty.
"We notified the Street Superintendent
to stop work on -the sidewalk, which had
been filled to a level with the curb. Had
he finished his part of the work it would
have to be torn up for rebuilding the wall.
The finished portion that had bitumen
laid is in as bad a condition as the school
another evidence of jobbery."
S AN FRANCISCO "CALL."
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco Ca__—
710 Market street, open until 12 o'clock every
night In the year. . -!- .yy.
BRANCH OFFICEB__3O Montgomery stmt,
corner Clay ; open until 9:30 o'clock.
839 Hayes street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
713 Larkin street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
BW. corner Sixteenth and Mission streets, opea
mnttl 9 o'clock.
_SlB Mission street, open until 9 o'clock.
__116 Ninth street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
NOTICE Off .MEETINGS.
: rEING~SpLOMON^S~LODGE NO. Jt
»-»* 260, F. aud A. M., corner Geary and A
?,r^f r^-.T.V?i Ed meeting THIS (MON-^Jf
DA 1 ' EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock, for third /***/**.
degree. By order of the Master. •
; HARRY BAEHR. Secretary.
jT^** OCCIDENTAL LODGE NO. 22, F. •
T^v-S**.**,^- 4 - ' M — failed meeting THIS
iH?.^ *? "> *9 EVENING, January 27, at^^V
< .30 o'clock; Third degree. By order of '^N
__•______ RDW. F. DELGER, Secretary.
K£pS= BROTHERS OF ABOU BEN <^ma^-
"*-**' Adhem Lodge No. 112— are
hereby notided that the funeral ser- =i%<2£S=
vices over our late brother, CHARLES* WPW*
MA THEWS, will De held at our lodgeroom on
'1 UESDA at 10.. m.
J. E. COFFER, Noble Grand.
Err^s*-* notice to the SHAREHOLDERS
W"*-^ of the Independent Red Men's Hall Asso-
ciation—You are hereby notified that the annual
general meeting of the shareholders of the Inde-
pendent Red Men's Hall Association will take
place on TUESDAY EVENING, January 28,
1896, at 8 o'clock, in the Red Men's Hall, 510 Bush
street. _. B. RODE, President.
B. N. Sammas.v, Secretary.
IKS"""* THE REGULAR ANNUAL MEETING
E*-^ of the stockhalders of the B'nai B'rith Hall
Association will be held at the office of the associa-
tion, 121 Eddy st., Wan Francisco. Cal., on the 12th
day of February, 1896, at 8 o'clock p. M., for the
purpose of electing a board of directors to serve for
the ensuing year and for the transaction of such
other business as may come before the meeting.
JACOB LEA'ISON. Secretary.
(K_S-» THE REGULAR ANNUAL MEETING
!»-=»* of the stockholders of the National Ice
Company will be held at the office of the company,
327 Market street, San Francisco, Cal., on
WEDNESDAY, February 5, 1896, at 11 o'clock
a. m., for the purpose of electing a Board of Direc-
tors to serve for the ensuingyear and for the trans-
action of such other business as may come before
the meeting. J. T. DONAHUE. Secretary.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
2*^p^iissrT j^TOjC^J7v?a^
*>*& chiropodist. 1020 Market, opp. Fifth, r. 12.
ffit-**s=* MISS HESTERN GIVF'S GENUINE
BF-»^ massage treatment. Room 9, 122 Post st.
fffrr^p CORNS REMOVED WITHOUT KNIFE.
isAx? Chiropodic Institute, room 11, 906 Market.
BjPjp* MRS. 1 WALLACE, - 109 ST.,
m*& room 23 ; genuine magnetic treatment.
*j*r^» MRS. ROBB, 1035 MARKET ST., ROOM
w-**r 8, second door; genuine massage treatment.
■Et^S= BAD EJECTED FOR , $4.
tS^Bf Collections made, city or country. Pacitio
Collection Co., 415 Montgy st., room*6, Tel. 5580.
■t__Br» WINDOWS CLEANED AND FLOORS
wt-*£f scrubbed; reasonable rates: payment for
damages guaranteed. C. ROSSI & CO.. 242 Sutter.
n_*S=" ROOMS WHITENED. $1 UP: PAPF"R-
OS-£r en SI- 50 I'm. 317 V Third. George Hartman.
SITUATIONS AA*ANTE_>-FE*HA*_E.
CANADIAN^ PROTESTANT COOK AVITH
reference desires a situation. J. F. CROSETT
& CO., 312 Sutter st.
T ADIES— FOR COMPETENT SERVANTS
AJ call on C. R. HANSEN & CO., 110 Geary St.;
telephone Grant 185.
X WAITING SITUATIONS— A NUMBER OF
JA girls of all nationalities. MRS. HIRD, 721
Kills st.
COMPETENT NURSE, HAVING 5 YEARS*
references, wants a place; city or any distance
in country. Address or telephone MISS PLUN-
KETT, 424 Sutter st.
SWEDISH COOK; WILL ASSIST PLAIN
i wash; '"best of city- references; wants a situa-
tion in city or country. For particulars address or
telephone M^SS PLUNKETT. 424 Sutter st.
SWEDISH AY AITRESS AND PARLOR MaID,
3 years' references from last place, wants a
place in the .city or country. For particulars ad-
dress M IBS PLUNKETT, 424 Sutter St.
Y O U NG COLORF'D WOMAN"" WOULD LIKE
X position to do housework or cooking: five
years references. Can be seen at MISS CULLEN'S
105 Stockton st.
YOV^'O LADY DESIRING TO ATTEND AN
x art school would give her service forenoons
and evenings in private family In exchange for
good home and small wages: is good cook: good
references. D. C, box 86, Call Office.
Q-T-fA WILL PAY TO THE PERSON who
xipxJ\J secures for a widowed sister a position as
Janitress in any public institution, or is capable of
1 taking any responsible position, cashier, matron,
, etc. Address Bro., box 37, CaU Office. ,
RESPECTABLE GIRL WISHES SITUATIONS';
first-class cook or general housework: best 'of
city reference. 63 City Hall aye., opp. new City
Hall.
SITUATION WANTED BY RELIABLE
O woman; good cook and laundress: cityorcoun-
try. Please call 1169 Mission St., near Eighth.
RESSMAKER, STYLISH DESIGNER, DE.
sires more work at home or by the day: ex-
cellent cutter and fitter. Apply 242^ California st.
S ITUATION BY A DANISH TOMAN; IS A
good cook and general houseworker. 11 1_
Antonio St., off Post, near Ellis. ; ', . *
RESSMAKER AND "si-.A MSTRESS, GOOD
fitter and draper, sews 50c a day. M. G., box
96, Call Office.
""(."■IN GIRL DESIRES SITUATION TO DO
A general housework; wages $15. 42 Everett st.
IT* I RST-CLASS CHAMBERMAID WISHES TO
do upstairs work; good seamstress; wages $25.
1310 Mission st.
ERMAN GIRL WANTS SITUATION AS
cook and general housework in private family.
Inquire at 617 Sacramento st, \^
/ ' ERMAN oTriT WANTS A SITUATION FOR
cooking and general housework; wages $25.
Call from 11 to 2, 823 Harrison st.
r* ERMAN GIRL AVANTS A SITUATION AS
■••J general housekeeper In small family, or as sec-
ond girl. Call from 9to 12 and Ito 5. Southern
House, cor. Seventh aud Mission, room 75.
A » * BY A MI I) I) A E D - WOMAN
'» without any encumbrance, general house-
work or any respectable work; city or country.
Call or address 8 Minna st., in the rear.
Gj ERMAN WIDOW WANTS BY THE
I* day; washing, Ironing and general house-clean-
ing. 130 Second at. ,
V\ r ANTED— POSITION TO DO FAMILY
'T sewing by competent woman. 822 Ellis st.
GI OOD DRESSMAKFHt WOULD LIKE A PO-
f sition as maid or housekeeper ln a family;
only lately from New York City. B. M. , 1802,
Polk st. • .
YOUNG WOMAN WITH GOOD CITY' RF*F-
-I erence as housekeeper, cook, etc., wishes posi-
tion in good family. Call or address MISS J. M.,
611 F"llls st.
SITUATION WANTED BY EXPERIENCED
and competent saleslady, for cloaks, suits and
furs; desires a position; best city references. Ad-
dress S. M. T., box 114, Call Office. * i„P
AIT AN TED— BY REFINED ENGLISH GIRL-
- 11 position as help and companion; references ex-
changed. M. Fowler, Fresno 'County, Cal.
CIT CATION BY YOUNG GIRL IN CHRIS-
O tian family; near park preferred care for
baby or childreu. H. a, 2715 Golden Gate aye.
RELIABLE ELDERLY* WOMAN TO DO
housework; is good clean cook and laundress;
| city or short distance in country; wages $12. Call
1000 Washington st.
STYLISH DRESSMAKER, JUST FROM THE
East, wishes engagement by day or take work
home. 418 Octavia st.
SITUATION WANTED BY A MIDDLE-AGED
woman to take care of children, do chamber
work or as general housekeeper; wages from $12
to $15. W. C, box 85, Call Office.
AME lUCAN LADY WISHES SITUATION T >
take care of children afternoon or nights. Ad-
dress Mrs. A.. Call Branch Office, 116 Ninth st.
I"»F"SPECTABLE GIRL WISHES SITUATION
X_ for general housework or cook In private fam-
ily. Call 118 Wildey st., bet. Fillmore aad Steiner,
Busn and Pine.
ADY AVISHES PLACE AS NURSE; LIGHT
housework, or will care for children. Address
Mrs. A., nurse, 1910 Lexington aye., &* F.
YOU ( * . w OMAN wants place AS
housekeeper; is a good cook. Call 28 Seventh
St., room 36.
EFINED LADY WILL GIVE PIANO LES-
sons, assist with children and plain sewing, in
exchange for refined home, with small salary; ref-
erences. M., box 96, Call Office, Oakland. _
Vy IDO AY," WITH 2 'CHILDREN, , WISHES
x l work by the day. or morning work in private
family or lodging-houses. Address W. A., box 33,
Cail Office.
SITUATION WANTED BY AN EXPERl-
enced middle-aged lady as working house-
keeper or nurse to an invalid lady, or to do general
housework in American family. Call or postal-
card, 834 F'olsom st. ,
"I *» ELIABLE WOMAN WANTS SITUATION TO
xv do general housework or cooking or take care
of Infant, or any other kind of work; thoroughly
reliable; wages no object; city or country. Please
call or address 867 Mission st.
AM ERIC A AVOM A WISHES SITUATION
as housekeeper or chambermaid: no objection
to country. Call, or address 48 Ridley St., near
Valencia.
M URSE; WILL TAKE FULL CHARGE OF*
x.l infant or upstairs work; best city reference.
Call or address 600 Suiter st. ,
"VTEAT, STRONG GERMAN GIRL WANTS
ll situation as upstairs girl or In laundry. N. V.,
Call Office, box 108. v . •
A* Ol*. No AVIDOW WISHES POSITION AS
x housekeeper. Call 1020 Market st., room 12,
Opposite Fifth. ;*:*-'.:..
LADIES' AND GENTLEMF"N*S REPAIRING
XJ neatly and reasonably done. 917 Market St., '
room 21. . ... .. , '.
CULTURED LADY WITH EASTERN CER-
tiricate wishes engagements as teacher of his-
i tory, literature, mythology, music. J. E., care of
I Sherman, Clay & Co., cor. Sutter and Kearny sts.
PITPATIONS AVANTEP-Contlnned. , *.--
YOUNG GIRL POSITION TO AS-
A sist in light housework or to take care of* child.
Address 508 Po t st." : • -• - -. . •■ .. ■ ■".
RESSMAKER — FIRST-CLaSS CUTTER
and fitter desires engagements at $1 25 a day;
satisfaction guaranteed. Address B. H. A., box 28,
Call Office.
E~~XPERIENCED YOUNG widow DESIRES
good place as housekeeper. 105 Stockton, rm.22.
YOUNG LADY WANTS ; A POSITION AS
X housekeeper: also a dressmaker; will take
work home; very reasonable. Apply 706 Ellis, r. 2.
INCHESTER HOUSE. 44 THIRD ST., NR
Market; 200 rooms; 25c to si 50 per night;
$1 50 to $6 per week; convenient and respectable;
free bus to and from the ferry.
SITUATIONS aaa -. x c -male.
Attf:ntio"n7~farsiers77i3 ; ~y^"^want
JA good plowhands. send to C. R. HANSEN &
CO., 110 Geary st.
BEST HOTEL AND RESTAURANT HELP
constantly on hand at C. R. HANSEN <fc CO.,
110 Geary St.; Tel. Grant 185. .
. C. G. COOK'S SOC. SUPPLIES COOKS; ALL
.brunches: short notice, i 4 Gearv.' tel.Grant 46.
HUNII-.R & CO., CHINESE AND JAPAN-
' ese employment office, 17 Webb St.. below
Kearny, bet. California and Sacramento: tel. 231.
CHINESE AND JAPANESE EMPLOYMENT
office; best help. 414"/2 O'Farrell; tel. E. 426.
J A PANESE EMPLOYMENT OFFICE PRO-
vldes best help. 314b Sutter st. ; tel. Grant 30.
"AT" OUNG LADY WOULD LIKE A PLACE TO
X mind baby and do upstaiis work: willing and
obliging; no objection to country. AY rite or call
531"y_ Bryant st. .
"VY ANTED — WORK BY YOUNG MAN (GER-
" man) to wash dishes, assist in cooKing or wait
on table; city or country. Please address H. VIE-
LITZ, 631 Sacramento st., room 86.
JAPANESE WANTS - SITUATION- TO DO
cooking; city or country. M. GEORGE, 519
Jessie st. ;-j
A/l IDDLE-AGED MAN AND WIFE (SCANDI-
J.»X navian) wishes good place; ranch preferred:
•wife good plain cook. Address M. A., box 85. Call.
MIDbLE-AGE~TTMAN WANTS POSITION IN
small restaurant or hotel as dishwasher: un-
derstands a little cooking; 4 years in last place.
L. L., box 66, Call Office.
A( "11 V YOUNG MAN; 19 YFLVRS OLD; LlV-
ing with parents; knows Spanish and English;
wants situation where he can learn business; has
worked at retail dry goods in New York: wages no
object. Address GEORGE, 24 Dorland st.
SITUATION WANTED BY YOUNG MAN AS
teamster; is used to horses; good driver. Ad-
dress 678 Clementina st.
YOUNG MAN, VF:RY WELL EDUCATED,
X speaks six languages, wants employment. Ad-
dress L. M. N., box 78, Call Office.
YV/" BY YOUNG MAN OF* 35. SOBER
1 1 and of good habits, engineer 10 years' experi-
ence, country preferred, farm or Institution; en-
tirely understands steam threshing and power ma-
chinery and pumps, windmills, etc.; good wood-
worker and blacksmith. Address AY. 8., box 161,
Call Office.
WANTED— POSITION BY FIRST-CLASS
' 1 landscape gardenerand nurseryman; 15 years'
experience: highest references; formerly foreman
for superintendent of Lincoln Park, Chicago. Ad-
dress N. M., box 77. Call.
V OUNG - MAN WISHES SITUATION AS
-I gardener or coachman or any klud of work
around private place; city refer nces. Address C.
R-. box 7, Call Office.
IDDLE-AGED MAN WANTS EMPLOY-
ment at nursing, store work or other light
woik; city reference. Address D., box 167, Call.
"YY ANTED— BY AN ENERGETIC MAN, POSI-
" tion as salesman or drummer; references ex-
changed. Address S., box 31, Call Office.
JAPANESE BOY WANTS A SITUATION TO
do cooking: city or country. GEORGE O. H. t
box 37, Call Office. ■
PRINTER, JOB OR NEWSPAPER, WANTS
employment; city or country; moderate wages.
Address Printer, 2442. Dwight Way, Berkeley.
WILL WORK IN PRIVATE FAMILY; $15
and found, or any of work; good reference.
T. 1., box 91, Call Office. :
OUNG GERMAN OF GOOD HABITS
X wishes position where he can learn the trade;
security, responsibility. Box 108, Call Office.
DANE AVISHES SITUATION; THOROUGH-
Iy understands horses, garden and general
Work; good milker, and willing to do any kind of
work: references. J. N., 416 Broadway.
W ANTED-EMPLOYMENT BY A RELIABLE
man; speaks French and English. . Address
Steady, O. P., box 61, Call Office.
"YOUNG MAN DESIRES SITUATION IN THE
j x country; orchard work preferred: wages no ob-
ject: a good home tne thing. Address W., box 15,
Call Office. *■■■■. .
YOUNG STRONG SCOTCHMAN LATELY
A from Scotland; best of character; wants manual
labor of any kind. Address a. 8., box 67, Call.
OMPOSITOR, COMPETENT IN BOOK AND
job work, wants position; English and Ger-
man. Please call or address H. F.. 15 Langton st.
FEMALE HELP. AVANTED.
TYTNTED~I777A^NKRESSr^OU^^ y ho-
-11 tel, $20; cook, boarding-house. $40; German
nurse, 1 child, $20; 3 cooks, German style, $25 and
$30; English, Scotch or north of Ireland nurse, 2
grown children. $25, and a great many girls for
cooking and housework in city and country. J. F.
CROSETT & CO., 312 Sutter st.
C-OOK; NAPA, $20- SALINAS, $20;. SAN
/ Mateo, $30; Mavfield, $25; and other towns,
$20 and $15. MISS CULLEN. 105 StocKton st.
"VTOUNG GERMAN OR. FRENCH, SECOND
X girl. $25; no English necessary. MISS CUL-
LEN, 105 Stockton st.
*\rOUNG GIRL ASSIST HOUSEWORK: COUN-
X try: good home; $1"4; fare paid. MISS CUL-
LEN, 105 Stockton st,
fx ERMAN HOUSEWORK GIRL, 3 IN FAMI-
VI ly, $25: 2 Germans or Scandinavian cooks.
$30 and $35; nurse, $25; 20 housework girls, city,
$20 and $25; 4 young girls, assist, $10 to $15.
MISS CULLEN, 105 Stockton st.
1 TRENCH OR GERMAN HOUSEWORK GIRL,
3in family, $25. MISS CULLEN. 105 Stock-
ton st.
p ERMAN COOK, $30: 2 GERMAN HOUSE
vl girls, $25; a number of young girls to assist,
$12 and $15. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 110 Geary.
OOK FOR SECTION HOUSE, $187 C. R.
/ HANSEN & CO., 110 Geary St.
COOKS, $25 AND $30; WAITRESS, GER-
man, $25 ; Infant's nurse, German, $25; 2 nurse-
girls, $12 and $16; a number of girls for house-
work. MRS. HIRD, 721 Ellis St. _^
GiRL, 2 IN FAMILY. $20; GERMAN GIRL,
2 in family, $20: 10 girls, $25, $20. MME.
LEOPOLD, 20 Stockton st. : ,
ANTED— A CHAMBERMAID AND WAlT-
ress for a school, $25; nurse for 2 children.
$20: 4 good girls for housework at $25 each;
French waitress and chambermaid, $25; first-class
cook for small boarding-house, $40; 4 good German
cooks, $30 and $.5. Apply MISS PLUNKETT,
424 Sutter st. .
RELIABLE GERMAN OR JEWISH GIRL
tor housework and to assist with cooking. Ap-
ply after 10, 622 Golden Gate aye. .
ITTLE GIRL ASSIST LIGHT HOUSEWORK
in family of 2. 1512 O'Farrell st.
fX IRL TO HELP ON CUSTOM COATS AND
vl work good buttonholes. 774 F'olsom st., bet.
Third and Fourth. .
ANTED— GERMAN GIRL FOR HOUSE-
work and cooking. ! Call bet. 9 and 12 A. "_., at
1432 Geary st. .
IRL TO DO LIGHT HOUSEWORK; CALL
after 10. 517 Fifteenth st.
NEAT YOUNG GIRL TO DO LIGHT HOUSE-
Xl work In small family. 614 McAllister st.
OMAN FOR GENERAL HOUSEWORK.
3308 Mission. -
YOUNG GIRL _ FOR LIGHT HOUSEWORK.
913 Buchanan, in bakery.
ERMAN ORSAVEDF: GIRL FOR GENERAL
housework. 1620 Geary st.
AY ANTED— LADY OF REFINEMENT FOR A
■x 1 position of trust. Address box 52, Drugstore,
corner Eleventh st. and Railroad aye., South San
Francisco, Cal. *.
f^IRST-CLASS COOK; GERMAN* PRE-
. ferred. 1817 Jackson st., Monday, bet. 9 and
12 a. it. or 5 and 6 p. m.
P. A YOUNG LADIES IMMEDIATELY TO
«-»■_' learn millinery; spring trade; materials fur-
nished; terms reasonable; positions. 234 Taylor.
WANTED - PUPiLS — FOR MIL LINE V
school; class or private ; course thorough and
practical ; satisfaction guaranteed ; reasonable. 410
Leavenworth st. *
YY INCHESTER HOUSE, 44 THIRD, NEAR
11 Market— Electric lights in very room: 200
rooms; 25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to $6 per
week : !«»e bus to and from the ferry. - .
Gl IRL TO LEARN MANICURING AND CHI-
T ropody. Chiropodic Institute, 906 Market st.
VY Ais MIDDLE-AGED LADY TO AS-
if sist in housework; 88 per month. 435 Fourth.
WANTED— A.V ENTKRPRIdING LADY TO
take charge of business out of city: must be
thoroughly reliable. Address Reliable, box 31,
Call Office.
ERMAN GIRL FOR GENERAL HOUSE-
work. 211 Scott st. .
XPERIENCED HANDS ON FINISHING
X corsets; fancy work. Corset factory, 309 Hayes.
WANTED— GIRLS TO LEARN DRESSMAK-
ing and millinery In first-class establishment;
good position guaranteed. 121 Post St., room 27,
over O'Connor & Moffatt's. .--•.
WANTED — DRESSMAKERS .TO LEARN
how to cut regular tailor system; only reliable
system ; no models, charts or squares used. COHN,
Ladies' Tailor, 316 Sutter st., city.
YY ANTED— PUPILS IN MILLINERY: NEW
'' - term commences this mo. Room 51. 121 Post.
THE 'N. Y. CLOAK SUIT HOUSE LEADS
low prices; on sale, 590 dresses. 1210 Market.
"IYfISS DAISY HAAKE IS STARTING A MIL-
HI linery class at her home, 14 Chattanooga st.,
bet.' Twenty-first and | Twenty-second special at
tention given to schoolgirls after school hours; a
thorough course guaranteed at moderate terms.
HAIRDRF;SSING, 25c AND 35c; MORNING
and ev'g classes; 10 lessons,sl 50. 1248 Mission.
LAWRENCE PATTERN HOUSE— DRESS-
cutting school. 1231 Market St., bet. Bth and 9th.
DRESS-CUTTING TAUGHT, , U. tB. TAILOR
system. 11 McAllister st., rooms 67 and 68.
... '■' '*• " -
JfVANT E D_contl n-ned .
MOST CONVENIENT AND RESPECTABLE:
AVii;chester House. 44 Third st., near Market-
-200 rooms; 25c to $1 60 per night; $1 50 to $6 per
week; free bus to and from the ferry. .
RESSMAKING. CUTTING AND FITTING
at the McDowell Academy, 213 Powell: pat-
ternscut to order un: pupils wanted. .
MALE help wanted.
Y\Tant ; ed^co^k^nd ~a^
TT hotel, .$5O; 2 cooks, private boarding-houses,
$35 aril $40: waiters, $20, and others. J. * F.
CROSETT' & CO., 628 Sacramento st. .
»V' ANTED— 4 QUARTZ MINERS, $2 50 TO
ll 52 75 a day: stickerman, $3 to $3 50 a day; 4
woodchoppers, jobbing gardener, $1 25 a day and
board: carpenters ; and blacksmith for Central
America: tiemakers and others. J. F. GROSE IT
& CO., 628 Sacramento St. - ..
-OUR 10-HORSE RANCH TF*AMSTERS $1 A
day and board ; milker who can run a separator,
$30. C. R. HANSEN <fc CO., 110 Geary st.
ANTED — FIRST-CLASS BUTLER FOR
11 country, $45: also 2 butlers for cit- , $40 and
$45, references for this work required. Apply
MISS PLUNKETT, 424 Sutter St. '
BUTLER: GOOD AGES; REFERENCES.
Miss CPXLEN, 104 Stockton st.
OTEL COOK, CITY, $25. HOTEL GAZETTE,
420 Kearny st. ' . * .
Air ANTED— A GERMAN OR FRENCHMAN;
,tt must speak some English, as a porter and
understand the care of horse and wagon: no driv-
ing; married preferred. Address F. G.. box 56,
Call Office. .
HOUSE OF 6 ROOMS AND BATH. 125 POLK
St., one block from New City HalL
PLUMBER HELPER WANTED^ GRAY, 230
Sutterst., 7:30 A. M. ___•
ANTED — ENERGETIC MAN AVITH
TT small capital. 166 Third St., room 25.
ARTNER WANTED— CASH BUSINESS; IN-
side work; no night or Sunday work; full inves-
tigation. Inquire Call Office. ■/
_ B ARBER-SHOP TO RENT TO-DAY. COR.
Fourth and Brannan sts.
"YYrANTF'D— MFICHANICS, CLERKS AND
tt laborers to call if they do not receive their
Just dues; law and commercial collections: no
charge unless successful. KNOX Collection
Agency, 10 Sutter at,
L.OY7TSTO~_6 YEARS OF AGE, TO LEARN
11 printing. Address G. 8., box 32, Call Office.
MAN AVILLING TO RUSTLE; GOOD SAL-
ary to right party. 206 Leavenworth st.
WANTED— RENT BAKERY. WITH
oven, in country town, or will buy interest In
brkery; by an all-round baker; long experience.
Address Baker, Call Office, Oakland.
WAITER WANTEDAT THE MANHATTAN
1 1 House, 825 Battery st.
PARTNER PORK AND SAUSAGE STORE;
clears $75 monthly; small capital. 335 Fourth.
NEAV AVALDOISODSE, 76:"* MISSION, BET.
JA Third and Fourth— single furnished rooms per
day 15c up; per week $1 up; open all night.
"J (if\ MEN TO GET A SHAVE FOR 6c; CLEAN
ixjyj towel to each and bay rum free; haircut
10c; rirst-class workmen. 14% Montgomery aye.
Kf)(l MEN TO GET A FINE STYLISH, DU-
xJXJXj rable calf shoe to order, $2 50. 959 Howard.
EST MEAL ON EARTH ; AVELL COOKED;|B
courses, 10c, at Seattle Restaurant, 137 Fourth.
BARBER TRADE TAUGHT. MALE AND
11 female, thorough in 8 weeks: catalogue mailed.
San Francisco Barber School, 1615 Howard st.
ARBERS— FOR EMPLOYMENT CALL SEC-
retary Barbers' Asso., 325 Grant aye. S. FUCHS.
ANTED— GOOD HUSTLERS .TO CANVASS
city and country. Call or address 632 Market
St., room 10; P. O. box 2299.
BARBERS' ASSOCIATION OF CAL. EMPLOY
secretary, P. C. Hamann, 238% O'Farrell st.
OSEDALE HOUSE, 321 ELLIS ST.-SINGLE
furnished rooms, 20c; $1 per week.
"VTEW GRAND, 246 THIRD; 200 SUNNY
-i-A rooms from $1 to $4 week: large reading-room.
FOR THE BEST AND CLEANEST 10c MEAL
A 1 try 13*/ a Grant aye.; coffee a specialty.
BEST PLACE IN CITY FOR SECOND-HAND
shoes, 726V2, opp. Howard-st. Theater, or 129
Sixth St.; misfit shoes bought and exchanged.
"VTEW AND SECOND-HAND SHOES FROM
-LA 26c up; men's hat* soles, 40c. 959 Howard su
WHAT CHEER HOUSE, 529 SACRAMENTO
TT st.: 200 rooms; best In the city; single rooms
20 and 25c a night, $1 a week: meals 10c ' '
W ANTED— LABORERS AND MECHANICS
il to know that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprie-
tor, still runs Denver House, 217 Third st. ; 150
____? rooms: per night; $1 to $3 per week.
MEN TO SELL MANHATTAN EGG FOOD;
is the best, C. KERTELL, San Mateo.
WINCHESTER HOUSE, 44 THIRD ST., NEAR
Market; 200 rooms, 25 cents a night; reading,
room: free bus to and from the ferry.
*1 /-A MEN TO TAKE LODGING AT 10c, 15c
1 V'U and 20c a night, including coffee and rolls.
624 Washington st., near Kearny.
EST IN CIT -SINGLE ROOMS, 15, 20 AND
25 cents per night; SI, $1 25, $1 60 p«r week.
Pacific House .Commercial and Leidesdorff sts.
WAN TED-SINGLE ROOMS, 15c A DAY; $1
T T week; rooms for two, 25c a day, $1 50 a week;
reading-room: dally papers. 38 Clay st. - • , •-. - s_ ..
WANTED— MEN TO GET BUTTLE SHARP
steam beer. sc; bottle wine. sc. 609 Cay st.
F'N'S *>_-SOLING 60c: LADIES' 40c; DONE
HA while you wait. 638 Market, opp. Palace Hotel.
LIN DELL HOUSE, SIXTH AND HOW'ARD-
slngle ftrnished rooms; 75c week, 16c night.
I> ARBERS* PROTECTIVE UNION EMPLOY-
J J ment secretary. CONRAD TROELL. 657 Clay.
FREE BEER— SCHOONERS FOR 6c;
also a bottl eof lager, sc, at 637 Clay st.
•_ini'l - 'SSECOND-HAND_;DS_IOES.SOME
rl\J\J nearly new. 26c to $1 25. 662 Mission st.
RY ACME HOUSE. 957 MARKET ST., BE-
-1 low Sixth, for a room; 25c a night; $1 a week.
JUST OUT; NEW MACHINE FOR REPAIR-
ing shoes: call. and see; half-soled in 15 min-
utes, done while you wait; all repairing done by
machinery: all repairing at half price; work guar-
anteed. 662 Mission st.. bet. First and Second.
————__—____
AGENTS WANTED.
SOMETHING FOR AGENTS: LADIES
or gentlemen can make from $3 to 810 a day.
Apply 2 to 5 p. m., 1165 Howard st.
ALIFORNIA MUTUAL BENEFIT SOCIETY
wants eood agents to work its accident and
nick insurance; liberal inducements offered. J.
W. HANNA- Secretary. Murphy building.
HOUSES WANTED. "
*SM ALL° COTT AGE^6IfFIAT > NEAR MA_£
ket and Valencia. S. C, box 9, Call Office.
W ANTED-BY FEBRUARY 1; A SMALL
flat, cottage or 3 or 4 unfurnished rooms; bath;
north of Market, east of Polk; rent $10 to $12; not
a basement flat. Address . P., box 64, Call Office.
ROOMS AVANTED.
VroUNG MAN WANTS ROOM AND BOARD
A in private family north of Market; references
given and required. Address R.. box 72. Call.
WANTED-MISCELLANEOUS.
P"" ARTY WITH BLACK^AIUtIAG_T~OR
d'ivlng team would like few engagements; I
terms reasonable. Address C. box 90, Call Office.
ANTED— YOUR WATCH, IF IT NEEDS I
repairing: best work at half the- regular price. I
DEUSS, watchmaker, 126 Kearny st., third. floor.
SELL YOUR BOOKS, CLOTHING AND JEW
elrv to A. KLEIN, 109 Sixth st.: send postal.
LOST. ~~~
LOST— J AN ONE FOX-TERRIER
Dog; tan ears and bead: tan soot on butt of
tail; medium size. Return 625 Alvarado st. Suit-
able reward.
LOST— GORDON" SETTER DOG. RETURN To
359 Clementina St.; reward.
L"~OST -""LARGE - AND TAN FOxl
IX hound; collar "Don, Howard Vernon, 1806
Union st." Return to 1918 Green: liberal reward.
LOST— PEARL PIN; SURROUNDED BY DlA-
monds. Aery liberal reward if returned to
SOL GOLDSTEIN. 231 Third St.
LOST— DARK BROWN SPANIEL DOG, COR-
ner Eightetnth and Shotwell Bts.; reward. -
BLACK AND RED PLUSH ROBE."
Liberal reward If returned to 13 Scott st.
OST ALL COMFORT AND PLEASURE BY
not getting my shoes made to order by
GEO. BRYANT for $5, 204 'lurk st., near Jones.
ONEY, BY NOT HAVING MY HOUSE
papered and painted by the Co-operative Paper-
hanging company, 635 McAllister st, ■
FOUND. "
JfiOUND— BLACK • AND AVHITfPIhJ'TTEIL
F Call 772*/} Harrison St., city: licence Alameda.
ATTOKNEYS-AT-LAW.
da^-^rIS&TTdT^ i
alty; private; no charge unless successful- all !
law suits, claims, collections, wills, deeds etc ' at- •
tended to. G. W.HOWE, att'y-at-law. 850 Market.
TJ. MURRY, ATT'Y AND COUNSELO*R~A_<
. law:, ad vice free. 24 Sixth st., rooms 14, 15.
WW. DAVIDSON, ATTORNEY'-AT-L AAV 420
TT « California ■„. rms. 14-15: ad vie* free.
~4 ■ FINANCIAL.',; :;"/
T OANS ON IST^A^r_D^Ioia^GIETrAND
J^life insurance policies: low rate of interest-
bankbooks bought. 330 Montgomery si.
NY SUM OF* MONEY ADVANCED ON
your furniture, pianos or real estate: lowest !
rate: call and state your proposition or write- o»n
evenings. J. Noon AN. 1021 Mission at. ' ™ .
- BICtCLES. ~
WINDSOR BICYCLEsTIsTRICTLYtIairTH
" grade; no stamping: all lathe work; cone,
and cups fully guaranteed for 2 years, - a ÜBAN-
CROFT & CM., 324 Post St.. ■-. F. -^. d^.i\.
PARK CYCLERY-NEW WHEELS TO LF'T."
best accommodations. Terminus Geary _f_;
AlUster and Powell at. car lines. ° »«ary. mo-
Azz ;"■). /.-;. PHYSICIANS. "
R-a.de lucHpstysksn^^
University Turin.ltaly. Nucleus ,_6l ___r_V
OEMOVi**D-DR. C. C. O'DONNE7ZTO~i_OR
XV Market st.; diseases of womea a specialty
■ .. ' -7 }
-777 PERSONALS.
IDDLd^AGEDAIANoi I^^^^ TO
make the acquaintance of middle aged lady;
Object matrimony. Address M. M.. box 5., talL .
EFINED LADY " AVISHES TO MEET AN
educated American gentleman of means; ODjec.
matrimony. Address M. 8., box 38, this office. *
ADVICE FREE; DIVORCE LAWS A SPE-
clalty; private: no cbam unless successful;
all law suits, claims, collections, wills, deeds, etc,
attended to. G. AY". HOWE, 850 Market st.
"UfANTED~-TO~LEARN - ENTRY
xl bookkeepingthoroughly evenings; State terms.
B„ box 31, Call.
ENRY HUFSCHMIDT, PLUMBER AND
gasfitter; gas fixtures lowest price. 623
Golden Gate aye.; telephone Sutter 471. •
ETHEL-REMEMBER M ME. SPITZ' HA I
-i dressing parlors: MM. LF"DERER has them
now; aresses your hair swell for only 25c: tells
elegant switches for.7sc. MINNIE.
Love's dancing ACADEMY, 620 RUSH;
stage or ballroom. Mon. Tu. Thu. evenings.
\\r OMAN'S DISPENSARY* OF NEW YORK;
' » all modern improvements in treating diseases ;
an Infallible remedy for irregularities; superfluous
hair removed without pain; lies do well to cive
us a call; consultation free; testimonials in oilice.
2d Murphy building.
GOING OUT OF BUSINESS: NEW YORK
Cloak and Suit House, 1210 Market st.; ladies'
suits from $1 50 and $2 50; cost $5 to$10; jackets,
60c; capes, $1 50.
1 (il»n SINKS.-, CA RDS, $1 s«'* I'ELF.-
IXJXJM phone "Black 141." HlLL.22 Geary, r. 39
GEORGE— WHY DIDN'T YOU MEET ME AS
agreed? Had my photo taken, bust cabinets, at
CRAMER'S, 402 Kearny st., northeast corner of
Pine, only $1 60 per dozen, too. NELLIE.
OURQUIN'B CAL'A" ASTHMATIC PAPER;
instant relief. For sale by all druggists or Cen-
tral Pharmacy, SW. cor. Grant aye. and Sutter St.
VIOLETS 6 CENTS A BUNCH F'LOAVERS
V cheapest in the city. 314b Sutter st.
TMPORTED HAVANA, KFIY AVEST AND '
A_hiKh-_rade domestic cigars at the tobacco bazaar,
1627 Devisadero St.. near Sutter. o .
GYPTIAN HENNA; $1; HAIR DYE; PER-
x fectly harmless; easily applied; all druggists.
LANGLEY & MICHAELS CO., agents, S. F.
TENANTS EJECTED; COLECTIONB, ETC. A.
HOOGS, room 31 328 Montgomery st.
SEARCHING, LOCATING. SHADOWING,
tracing collect. GR AH AM'Sagy, 632 Mrkt, r. B.
DEAFNESS— THE AURAPHONE RESTORES
lost hearing, cures ear defects: invisible; book
mailed free. F. F. FINLAY', 10 California st., 8. v.
d_l A ROOM; CARPETS CLEANED ON THE
■qpJL floor. 206 Leavenworth st,
ONE MORE CUT— ', !
Oak Roll Top Desks $14 to $35
Oak Chiffoniers. From $10 up
Oak Bed Sets $17 50 up
Oilcloths and Linoleums....; 30c up
Stoves and Ranges S3 up
Thousands of bargains. AV'e keep everything.
Cash or time payments. J. NOONAN,
1017, 1019, 1021, 1023 Mission St., above Sixth.
ECOND-HAND AS WELL AS NEW BARS,
showcases, counters, shelvlngs, mirrors, desks,
safes, chairs, scales, etc., and a very large stock of
them, too; be sure and see stock and get prices be-
fore going elsewhere. J. NOON AN, 1017, 1019,
1021, 10-3 Mission St.. above sixth.
MRS. M. H. OBER, HEADQUARTERS OF
Ypsilnntl Union Suits and Equestrian Tights
Jaros Underwear; Ober Corsets for stout figu-es.
Sole agent for Equipoise AValsts, Jennes Miller
goods and Gertrude baby outfits; great reductions;
send for catalogue. 34 Geary st., San Francisco. I
"L*OR FINE POULTRY AND GAME GO TO A
J STRASSER, 78 and 79 Center Market.
PARTINGTON'S SCHOOL OF MAGAZINE
and Newspaper Illustration reopens Monday,
January 6. , For particulars address or apply 424
Pine st.
ELF:CTRIC LIGHTS IN EVERY ROOM— WIN-
-1 Chester House, 44 Third st., near Market: 200
rooms, 25c to $1 50 per night; $1 60 to $6 pur
week: free bus to and from the ferry.
JOHN SMITH HAS REMOVED TO 327-329
Sutter st., between Stockton st. and Grant aye..
where the best of coal can be had at lowest prices.
LIBERAL ADVANCES ON DIAMONDS, JEAV-
elry, etc : lowest rates. 948 Market st,
OLD BUILDINGS BOUGHT AND SOLD;
store fixtures, doors, windows, lumber, pipe,
etc cheap. Yard 1166 Mission st., near Eighth.
CLOAKS, CAPES AND SUITS RETAILED AT
mfrs' cost. Factory. 20 Sansome st.. upstair*.
OLD GOLD, SILVER, GENTS' AND LADIE*
t / clothing bought. COLMAN. 41 Third St.
_-^ DRESSMAKERS. ~~
RADLEY, 313" GEARY- ELEG^rr^STYI^
ish suits made, $5 up. Dresses made over.
DRESSES CUT AND FITTED, $3: DRESSES,
popular prices: waists $3. 11 Geary st.
EDUCATIONAL.
ENGLISH BRANCHES; PRI^"ATiToircXASS;
— all ages; moderate. MISS DILLON, 3OS Larkin.
1 ""LOCUTION— DRAMA, DELSARTE. PHY'SI-
-ical culture, voice culture. OLIVE HuFF
SCHROEDER, 299 Hyde St. ; call after Ip. it.
RS. MELVTLLE-SNYDER HAS REMOVED
to 620 Sutter st. ; teacher of vocal music (latest
Italian methods), piano and elocution: ladies and
gentlemen coached in operatic, Shakespearean and
other nlays; appearances arranged.
O TUDENTS PREPARED FOR THE UNIVER-
O sity, law and medical colleges; day and evening
classes. 333-335 Pheian building.
UITAR, MANDOLIN, PIANO AND VOCAL
lessons; $3 ma MARY AV'ESTHAUS. 39 Fifth.
JOSEPH GREVEN, VOICE IMPROVER, 82
O Ninth st.
/ 1 F'NTLEMAN WITH COLLEGIATE EDUCA-
*OT tion will give private lessons in English
branches, bookkeeping, mathematics and sciences;
California credentials and references. Address E.,
box 87, Call Office. \
THE LEADING SHORTHAND COLLEGE;
individual instruction; four months' course.
Ayres' Stenographic Institute, 325 Montgomery st.
EMELIE MELVILLE WILL RECEIVE A
limited number of pupils; thorough dramatic
training, reading, operatic and drawing-room sing-
lng. 2300 Webster st,, cor, of Washington.
PANISH AND FRENCH ACADEM i ; CA.-*-
-tilian and Parisian professors; 3 lessons week,
$3 month; alsopaintingacademy, flowers specialty,
3 lessons week, $3 month; translations, Spanish,
French, English. 1170 Market St.. room 37.
INDIVIDUAL INSTRUCTION BOOKKEEP-
A Ing, shorthand, etc. Stiehl's College, 723 Market.
SPA N IBH,EBENCH,E PROF.DkFILIPPE'S
Academy of Languages; 320 Post; estab. 1871.
AT ISS BOLTE'S SCHOOL. 2297 SACRAMENTO
uo.. 8t — Board. English. French, piano, dancing.
$30 a mo.; excellent chance for ambitious and con-
scientious parents to give children a superior educa-
tlon at low figure; term Jan. 2: kindergarten coach.
ENGLISH LITERATURE AND MYTHOLOGY 7
■ class or private. MRS. EHRMAN, 1234 Bush st.
"DELASCO'S LYCEUM SCHOOL OF ACTING-
1* Private theatricals arranged: pupils rehearsed
on stage. R. 5 and 12, 1.0.0. F. block, 7th and Mkt.
School electrical,, civil, mining, me-"
kJ chanical engineering, surveying, architecture.
assay; estab. '64. VAN DER NAILLEN, 723 Mkt!
AT IN, mandolin, guitar, cornet"
V taught. Prof. L. MERKI. 225 Geary reasonable
A , NlttH > FRENCH, GERMAN: MODERATE."
•^Melsterschaft School Languages, 122 O'Farrell st
XT EALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 POST ST."
aa- Bookkeeping, business practice, shorthand,
typing, electrical engineering, telegraphy, modern
languages rapidly taught. AVrite for catalogue.
|\T IGHTSCHOOL;tIEALD'aBUS. COLLEGE-/*
x-x Post: commercial, shorthand. English; low rare.
"VriOLIN, MANDOLIN, CELLO. BANJO; REA-"
V sonable. PROF-. FRANCIS. 1046*^ Valencia.
pHEMISTRY AND ASSAYING. CUNNING-"
____ m s School, cor. Geary and Powell sts.
,'*>^. N FRANCISCO BUSINESS COLLEGE, 1236
ty" Market: send for cat,; day and evening session.
A WEEK'S Pat V , FOR 5 CEN*TS~-r__a
- **- w _._ KLY CALL, In wrapper, for mailing.
.^ GLAIKVOYAN
M^-v*^"^-^^ KVCARi>-RE"AITERV TELLS
ST . VT c , p *i 8 -' present and future; ladles 60c, gents
TurCaey*^- -*---"-*» WW. "a
A j i „ & ?,**} - L I - ' A ; CLAIRVOYANT; PICTURE
■I- ot future husband or wife. 766 > . ward st!
C, LAI R V OYAN C v EXTRAORDINARY—
n^,, , ** C -. redB . v isit mystic PROFESSOR ZAUZIC
occult, scientist, palmist, clairvoyant, 313 Malon -
hours 9 to 8; sitt.ngsSOc; satisfaction _uaranteed;
CLAIRVOYANT ON E__JXTH:lI__3mS
±> and gents; 26c. 206 Fourth st. ' M
TAON'T FAIL TO CONSULT PROF. LFOV"
eca__a_t_«t-_-k__-__S
but , l„- tru^b^633^Po9t^9 to 8 daily ; also Sun"!" .
RAVENA SITS DAILY; »uTu_~tTR
i!-L?!_-[___i__?«w given; 25c: up. KBHow___?
,hi lL ";, lITKKA "* YOUR CAREER "FROM"
O the cradle to tbe grave. Parlor 5. 865% Market'
Af -"V- 1, AROMAS, SCIENTIFIC i'l-
teas teaS ™
possible; tea »1, Ka^aZW^JA^S^St^
AUGU TA LEOLA. -FORTUNE __gLIB-R~
fi- magic charms, love tokens- tr,„ -*' l / LKU i
__g____tf '&«___?£%££
**r-BhteolTto&mh™?u£E^* ti sevent --
herold rooms Tin -sat? ?r» _? uer *. nas returned io
60c. «ent,
.":.. . ._ _SPIKI'rUALIS3i: -
WRITING CIRCLE TO-NIGHT oi-~
young, 605 mc ammtfj l 0 ;^!-?,.^
RETURNED, MRS. J. C.MEYER. tr,^
It business medium; c^ on „£ b &-'ffi^f
sS____^pSStEFiS
M-;ncim^--:7^.^ : v 2^
ASTROLOGY.
PROF. AY. MONROE? SSlffiK-ttX J??^ **__^^^ BUSINESS CHANCE*.
"OAKERY*. COFFEE PARLOR :VeR\* BEST
XJ location; finest fltted-up pl_ce in city has very
lar-.-e counterand outside trade; positive guarantee
from owner as to amount of business; trial until
satisfied: owner has 3 places; must sell one at sac-
rliice. BTENBEBG &00 , 632 Market St.
•^ftfMl CIGAR -STORE; NEAR MARKET;
*- vIV7V». receipts average Sl5; full value ln
stock, fixtures; leaving city. ST BERG CO.,
632 Market st. -
© £,(1 A PARTNER AVANTED AVHOLESALE
xJXJXJ. and retail produce and commission
business in busiest country town in California:
ofters grand opportunity for some active man.
- I NBERG A: CO., 632" Market st.
QjOOk BRANCH BAKERY, DELICA i
xjD-x£.o. store: AVestern Addition; living-rooms;
new stock; suitable for man and wife. SI'EN-
BERG _ CO., 632 Market st. .
•ftl AAA BAKERY', NORTH OF MARKET,
• I>'UU. baking 2% barrels daily; 2 horses,
wagons; weekly receipts $150; 5 living-rooms;
cheap rent; lease; noopposition; bargain. BTEN-
BERG„CO., 632 Market St.
<2"«\)9C RESTAURANT-GOOD LOCATION;
*~ — ajO. cheap rent; a bargain. Apply Call Office.
Q7XA BUTCHER BUSINESS, SELLING
V X Ox.'. 4 beeves, 25 sheep, 6 hogs, 600 pounds
veal aweek; rent $14 : 4 living-rooms. Inquireat
452 Tehama st., bet. Fifth and Sixth.
QOAA LIGHT BUSINESS: SAME HANDS
O— UU. 3 years: clearing $20 week; suitable
for man and wife or two ladles. STANLEY'," 9
Geary, room 2.
<fel Zxi\ pyrin erTn ESTABLISHED MAN-
-0 1 -H. ufacturiug business. JOHNSTON, 267
Kearny st.
7<-J," I > PARTNER IN SIGN BUSINESS
xpiOOVI, and white-enamel letter agency; $17 to
$*20 a week: trial. JOHNSTON, 26' _ Kearny.
00.)- a SNAP, CORNER THll'.li stree
♦_•) — saloon, near .Market: big stock; good
fixtures ".Cheap at *850. JOHNSTON, 26* ■_■ Kearny.'
Qfiflft RESTAURANT; A BIG BARGAIN^
•^Tv'c'v'. one block north of Market; receipts
$35 to $40. JOHNSTON, 26 V_ Kearny st.
FINE CIGAR-STORE ON KEARNY', NEAR
Market st. JOHNSTON, 26"« A Kearny st.
TO BUY , SELL OB EXCHANGE A BUSINESS
of any kind see STRAND A CO., 45 Third st.
©0-7R GROCERY' AND BAR, WITH - *
'- — I O. rooms; full value: rent $22. STRAND.
45 Third St. .
-85 * I «^ A SALOON. "WITH 5 BOOMS: BAB-
<~)-*VU. gain to-day. AN D, 45 Third st.
QtT*; RESTAURANT: OPP. CARHOUSE;
•. 1 10. pays well. STRAND, 45 Third st. •
Qf_»F'_ft PARTNER IN A RESTAURANT:
V xiOXJ. clear $75 month each. STRAND, 45
Third st.
"V-OTICE —TO SELL YOUR BUSINESS
AA promptly for cash. II EALA* „ Co.. 23 Kearny.
*< 7A( BAKERA ACROSS THE BAY'; BAK-
x. I OxJ. ing 6 barrels per day; 2 double wagons:
4 horses; best class of custom rent 4*20: proprietor
la owner of property, and is retiring from business;
$350 cash, balance to be paid out of profits of busi-
ness; clearing $175 month. HEaLY*, 23 Kearny.
s^'" - " COR. SALOON7~NEAR TERMINUS
<piO 10. of railroad: handsomely fitted up; doing
good business; call to-aay. HEALY', 23 Kearny st.
<' 'I li I ~ BEST AURA NT NEAR FACTORIES
"4! — xJxJXJ. doing a business of $60 per day; 4
looms: building included in sale: so such bargain
ever ottered for sale; best of reason for selling.
Apply AY. p. HEALY* « CO., ■_:* Kearny st.
»< LA A COFFEE AND OYSTER HO USE; VI-
• "i xxi. cinity Sixth and Market; low rent.
BARRETT A SKIFF, 865* i Market st.
<3* _»XA OYSTER AND CHOP HOUSE; CEN-
*.. OOxJ, tral; low rent: clears f 100 montn; great
bargain. BARRETT A: SKIFF, 865% Market si.
WHEN YOU ARE DISGUSTED AVITH OTH-
'* ers and want to buy or sell your business give
us a trial. JOHN REIDY & CO., 13y 3 Sixth st.
ISALE - HOUSE, 25x100, WITH RES-
taurant and bar; 4 furnished rooms; doing a
business of $45 daily among factories: no better
location: ground rent $20, with lease: owner going
to Europe. REIDY" ACO 13*,_ Sixth st.
"I?INE SALOON DOING GOOD BUSINESS IN
A counection with lodging-house of 10 elegantly
furnished rooms: splendid location : must be sold;
owner going East. REIDY & CO., 13 V_ Sixth st.
$ *±-tU. Saloon. DECKER, 1206 Market st.
FOB SALE— HOTEL; 54 ROOMS: NICK BAR,
big dining-room: good reasons for selling: cheap
If sold at once. For particulars call 922 Battery st.
< 1 AAA CORNER GROCERY AND BAB*
liilUW. with living-rooms, in AVestern Addi-
tion; rent, $25: owner kept place ten v, ars. Par-
ticulars at 533 California st., Phcenix Bar.
QOAA PARTNER FOR VARIETY THEA-
-0 OXJXJ. ter and bar. Inquire 533 California st.,
Pbuenta Bar.
BARBER-SHOP, 3 CHAIRS, BOOT-
black .stand and laundry office, for sale cheap.
1017 Larkin St., near Sutter.
SMALL '-SALOON; CHEAP; BUSY'
LJ neighborhood. 650 Sacramento st.
IF YOU WISH TO REALIZE lIN YOUR
-1 bankbook in California Savings and Loan So-
cety address I. N. PATTISON. 19 Montgomery.
(JOOK BRANCH BAKERY' AND COFFEE
•- —— O. saloon. 1346 A'alencia st. no agents.
I A A SALOON; PROMINENT CORNER?; '
*V""«« club rooms; side entrance; good busi-
ness; fair stock; trial given before buying. Call
for further particulars at 6 Eddy st., bet. 12 and 1
o'clock. C. T. MARTIN.
ONE OF THE BEST- PAY ING MEN'S FUR-
nishing goods business for sale; best location in
the city; must be sold on account of sickness;
about $4000 required. Address G. 8., box 32,
this office.
OLD - ESTABLISHED CIGAR-STAND FOR
sale; cheap. Apply at stand, 777 Market st. -
QXAACASH AVILL BUY HARDWARE^
*ii OXJXJ store, stock ana fixtures at less than half
price; principals call immediately. 546 Mission.
<2 I P. A CASH ILL" BUY AN ESTAB
♦_SA_IU lished business, consisting of branch
baker}-, milk depot, stationery, groceries, notions,
cigars and tobaccos: less than one-third its actual
cash value; owner must leave the city by February
1. Address ME E, box 65, Call Office.
OR SALE-ATWO-FLATSMODERN HOUSE
of 4 and 5 rooms and baths: No. 707 A'allejo St.,
near Stockton: size 19x47; to be removed. Ap-
ply to R. CURRIE, contractor, 40 New Montgom-
eryst^. between 1 and 3 p. m.
J 'OR SALE— BRANCH BAKERY, VARIETY
A and notion store, laundry office and cigars- a
bargain. 2107 Powell st.
Q4.AA FOR OLD-ESTABLISHED LUNCH-
*iprx\J\J. counter.oyster and chop house; opposite
new City Hall; a mint for 2 good men or man and
wife or will take good partner to look after place,
as owner bas other business. Address Bonanza
box 72, Call Office.
AKERY'. WITH 5 LIVING-ROOMS AND
furniture; fine trade; good oven; nicely fitted
up: $900. 3023 Sacramento st.
VOR BUTCHER-SHOP; GOOD BUSI*
-I ness and location; bargain to right party. In-
quire Call Office. V" .'
PARTNER AVANTED IN GENERAL COM*,
mission business, handling different lines of
goods: present proprietor constantly traveling and
needs a partner to take charge indoors; capital re-
quired about $5000, to go entirely into the business.
Address Commission Merchant, box 47, this office!
5? IDOAV OF MEANS DESIBES GENTLEMAN
1 1 partner in good paying business. 202 Turk.
OLD-ESTABLISHED BUSINESS; DElTca^
cles, tamale and supper parlor for sale: reason-
able; account of poor health. 613 Jones st.
C_ 1 *\f\ BUTCHER-SHOP; FIXTURES FOR
rJJ 1 OXJ. sale; cheap rent. GEO. C. YOUNG.
Petaluma.
MALL VARIETY-STORE FOX SAI'.E: REA-
sonable. 3110 Sixteenth St.. above A'alencia.
OR SALE _ HEAR; SALOON IN Al LOCA*
tlon ; owning party going out of business. Ad-
dress P. P., box 19. Call Office.
OlKfl CORNER CIGAR-STORF"; FINE X-
tJr x xjx. J. tures and stock: no night or Sunday
work. Apply HERMAN, 228 Pacific.
RESTAURANT, MARKETS!'.. CHEAP: GOOD
business; bargain. BARCLAY & LYNCH, 935
Market st.|
/ ' ENERAL MERCHANDISE STORE FOR
VT sale, $2000; or, half interest; full investiga-
tion; next to P. O. box 1, Brentwood, Cal.; re-
liable single man preferred.
BAKERY', NOTION AND CANDY STORE FOR
sale cheap. 909 Bryant. 1
IJ RANCH BAKERY, COFFEE OR LUNCH
J' place: good location: cheap rent; on account of
leaving city. must be sold for your own offering.
Apply Call Office.
PAPER ROUTE FOR SALE. TELEGRAPH
Hill district, covers 18 blocks; can be bought
cheap, and chances for increase are very good.
Apply this office, principals only.
AKERY' AND NOTION'S; CHEAP; BENT
xl 98: no agents. Inqnire this office.
/- HOKSES.
V (^SALE77cHE^\P;~XnGOo7r^TzE~HORK
A horse. 1587 V. Turk st. . .
A NDSOME~ FAMILY CARRIAGE AND
fine large, gentle horse, with harness, for sale
together or seoarately. 822 Broadway, Oakland.
I'T'OR SALE CHEAP— 2 YOUNG HORSES AND
express-wagon. 107 Twenty-ninth st.
IjiOß _ ALE OR EXCHANGE— A FINE ROAD-
x ster; will drive double or single: can be seen at
Olympic Club Stable. For particulars apply at
604 tor st. . . . . ■ . . ■ . -,:..-
-1 "T. A SETS NEW AND SECOND-HAND BAB-
IOKJ ness: all kinds; wagons, buggies, horses and
scrapers; sand-wagons. 1128 Mission st.
H9 ES PASTURED; $2 A MONTH: GOOD
care and feed; send for circular. The "Hyde
ranch, 50 commercial at.
I Vi-. c EL AVESTPHAL, VETERINARY" SUR-
__» weon for S. F. police Department. . Office and
m_pjud, i.l City Hall aye. : telephone south 401.
40 WORSES FOR SALE: ALSO WAGONS
iiPi. * >a *f '' carts, harness: Grand Arcade Horss
?.* .;- 3 ,"" 7 81x - n 8t - *. auction sales every AVe"n_s-
BDHJVAN A DOYLE. Auctioneers.^ . i
100 i-f-i 3 SECOND-HAND HARNESS; ALL
_"jMYn.h" i _^ : , SPCOnc "* h * nd wagons, buggy, earn :
also -0 cheap horses. Fifteenth and Valencia sts.
SEWING MACHINES.
B^^f^SEwB^MACHINE, i DRA\A'7
aj era and attachments, $10. Apply 426 Post st.
ALL KINDS BOUGHT, SOLD, EXCHANGED,
J*-, rented, repaired; lowest rates. 205 Fourth st.
•LODGING-HOUSES FOX SALE.
14 ROOMS, ALL FRONT: FINE
tjpuu-_f. furniture: north of Market; partcash;
sacrifice. JOHNSTON, 261/s Kearny st.
•5:400 ROOMING HOUSE - 23 ROOM s;
«o_cv/v. rent $50; clears monthly $100: must
be sold ; sickness. STENBERG CO., 632 Market.
•^OO*— -— ' CASH-.. . ■■■
-Vj^*^_J :4 ro g house. DECKER, 1206 Market,
"MTOTEL-OO BOOMS: -BAB, 50 " BOARDERS:
LL payments. DECKER, 1206 Market.
-ft 99 'A 10-ROOM HOUSE; GOOD LOCATION:
apt ,). 18 rooms; best corner in city $1,600
14 rooms, on Geary st 850
-.0 rooms; sunny corner: must sell 700
10-room house: very central. 150
H. C. DECKER, 'I2O6 Market St.. cor Taylor.
•ftfirt 000 TO LOAN ON FURNITURE.
-jPVJU.UUi; DECKER, 1206 Market st.
•ft 1 900 40-ROOM HOUSE, NEAR THE
xs)A^.\J\J. Baldwin. DECKER. 1206 ."Market.
(it ROOMS;* FINE CORNER; AVORTH $5000;
00 $2000 will buy It. See DECKER. 1.06 Market.
*ft 00 44- -ROOMS; CLEARS OVER $100
*H HI", per month: trial given. 115 Second at.
Fl'KXl'l'LKE FOt: SALE.
SOLID OAK PALACE FOLDING-BED FOR
sale cheap Inquire Hotel Lang'uah).
T\JEARiA' NEW FURNITURE OF" A 6-ROOM
A( flat; cheap. 639 Valencia st.
\\* V. AVILL MO A'E FEBRUARY' 1
xx Previous to moving to 747 Market st. wo otter
our entire stock of furniture and carpets at tre-
mendous reduction. No reasonable offer refused.
Roxbury Brussels (laid) 75e
English Linoleum (laid) 35c
SHIREK A shire;*. 1310-12 Stockton st.
HG. KRASKY, FURNITURE AND BED-
. ding: new folding-beds, S9 and up: ..tep-lad-
ders. 20c pr step; furniture exchged. 779 Mission st.
EDUCTIONS ON LARGE QTOCK. NEW AND
second-hand; 400 carpet* good as new; oil-
cloth, 26c; parlor suits, $19 up; linoleum. 45c: 7-
piece chamber suits, $i 4 60: cornice poles. 25c:
ranges, $6: cash or Installments; goods shipped
free. T. H. NELSON. 126 Fourth St.
l-UKNITUKE AVANTED
|-aXsH "PB_C_- PAID 7 FOB P_"_lN__T7B__ JA-
V' COB SCHWERDT, 821 Mission, bet. 4tb <fc sth.
All HIGHEST PRICE PAID FOR
second-hand furniture and carpets by Lundy
Furniture Co.. 813 Market St.: call or send postaL
""^ CAR I'LL CLEANING.^ -
CARPETSBCLEANED AND RENOVATED
like new. FERGUSON A CO., 23 Tenth; tel.
South 36. D. MACKINTOSH &CO., successors.
E. MITCHELL CARPET CLEAN CO., 240
. 14th st. ; cleaning 3c a yard. Tel. Mission 74.
CITY STEAM CARPET CLEANING, RENOVA-
ting, 38 Bth. STEA'ENS, mgr. Tel. South 250.
MCQUEEN'S CARPET BEATING AND REN-
t) . ovating works. 453 Stevenson; tel. south 228.
"NT ATIONAL CARPET BEATING AND RENO-
±A vating Works HAMPTON .SBAILLY: laving
and altering. 313-316 Guerrero; Tel. Mission 244.
HEN YOU BECOME DISGUSTED WPT_F
poor work send to SPA ULDING'S Pioneer. ar-
pet Beating AVorks, 353-7 Tehama: tei. So-40.
i"* ON KLIN CARPET BEATING AA'ORKS. 335
v^ Golden Gate aye. .- telephone east. 126.
PIANOS. VIOLINS. ETC.
IN OUR BARGAIN-ROOM Y*OU WILL FIND
A several line squares from $40 up; an upright at
550: one at $75: an elegant largs beautiful one at
$168 85; others at $190. $245, etc.; 100 new
pianos to select from. THE J. DEAVING COM-
PANY, warerooms. second floor. Flood building.
LABGE UPRIGHT OFFERED FoR $85 FOR
immediate sale. Room 21, Flood building.
MAGNIFICENT CHICKERIG PIANO; ELE-
gantcase; cash or installments: owner leav-
Ing city; must be sold. Room 10, Flood building.
IjtINE STEINWAY; NICE CONDITION: ANY
reasonable offer secures it. Room 21, 809 Mkl
ITMNE NEAV SQUARE PIANO FORS7S: COST
A $450; parties leaving town. 1209"-,_ Howard.
EA'ERAL BARGAINS IN PIANOS TO-DAY.
The Zeno Man vais Music Company. 769 Market.
FINE UPRIGHT PIANO CHEAP FOR
cash, on account of departure. . 823 Larkin st,
PIANO GIVEN AWAY: ABSOLUTELY " NO
charge. Particulars at FINNS, 228 Post.
HA INKS BROS. PIANO. PATTI'S PREFER-
ence; also renowned Bush & Gerts' piano.
A. L. BANCROFT & CO., 324 Post st.
CONOVEB PIANO; AS GOOD AS NEW-
great sacrifice. The _'. AY. SPENCER COM-
PANA*, 338 Post sL
_fel 1 A BARGAIN; FINE UPRIGHT: GOOD
"^JLAU. condition, JOSEPH SCHMITZ A: CO.,
16 McAllister st.
"VTEAV UPRIGHT PIANO, ORGAN, FOLDING
AA bed; must be sold. L., box 8, Call Office.
PI A N*OS= : ~
Hazelton, Hemme and Long, Brown and
Simpson; easy terms. , :*5 Market st.
CHICK NO. KNABE, STECK.VOSE. STER-
ling pianos: see our new piano forslB7; pianos
for rent. BENJ. CURTAZ A -ON, 16 O'Farrell.
GREAT BARGALN IN PIANOS. HORNUNG'S
Piano House, 216 Post st. "• ' - --. >..
WM.O. BADGER REMOVED TO - O'FAR-
" rell, room 1, first floor; take elevator; pianos
and organs sold for cash or installments.
B OUR NEAV RENT CONTRACT PLAN
for selling pianos has met with great success
we have decided to continue supplying purchasers
that wish to take advantage of it -"please call and
have it exDlained. SHERMAN, CLAY' _ CO.,
corner Kearny and Sutter sts.
•ftl 7PL CASH OR INSTALLMENTS: weber
xjD-X- t O. upright; perfect order. 1019 Van Ness.
DECKER BROS., Y.FISCHER AND
other first-class makes of pianos: little used;
cheap for cash* or on easy terms. KOHLER &
CHASE, 28 and 30 O'Farrell st.
EASY TEKMS;;LOAV PRICES. KOHLER &
CHASE.
."BON MAUZY*, 808 POST ST.— SOHM E
Newby <fc Evans, Briggs and other pianos.
SUPERIOR VIOLINS, ZITHERS. OLD A. NEW
* H. MU LLER, maker, repairer, 2 Latham nlace.
W AY' - $215 : AVEBEB, $265; SOMEB,
d $237; AVily, ?125; squares, $35 and $55.
HEINE, 410 Post st.
ARRIVED— A LOT OF CELEBRATED HlGH-
grade T. L. Neumann piauos for the holidays:
prices and terms moderate. H. LUEDERS, 82
Ninth st,
Open - for - BUSINESS.
The finest line of new pianos for rent and sals
in San Francisco. J. HARRY SCOTT,
929 Market st., Spreckels budding.
A WEEK'S NEAVS FOR 5 CENTS 77 THF!
L AVEEKLY CALL, in wrapper, for mailing.
ASSESSMENT NOTICES- ~
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQUIN
A'alley Railway Company.* Location of prin-
cipal place of business, City and County of San
Francisco, State of California,
Notice— There are delinquent upon the following-
described stock on account of assessment No. 4,
levied on the 10th day of December, 1896. the
several amounts set opposite the names of the
respective shareholder., as follows:
.'-•?■ . ; No. No.
Cer. Sh'rs. Amt.
A. B. Spreckels, Daniel Meyer. •
James D. Pheian, lx>vell
AA'hite, O. D. Baldwin, James
Cross, Thomas Brown, F. AY.
Van.. Sickleu, Christian de
Gnigne, trustees.....*. ....... 465 X $10
A. B. Spreckels. Daniel Meyer,
James D. Pheian, • Lovell
AA'hite, O. D. Baldwin, James
Cross, Thomas Brown, F. AY.
Van Slcklen,* Christian de
Guigne, trustee. 415 ■ 80
A. B. Spreckels, Daniel Meyer,
James D. Pheian. Lovell -■-«-.
AVhlte, O. D. Baldwin, James
Cross, Thomas Brown. F. AY.
Van Sicklen, Christian 'de
Guigne.trustees 600 X 10
A. B. Snreckels, Daniel Meyer,
James D. Fhelan, Lovell
White, O. D. Baldwin, James
Cross, Thomas Brown. F. AY.
Van Sicklen, Christian de
Guigne.trustees.. 686 I 10
A. B. Spreckels, Daniel Meyer,
James D. Pheian, i Lovell
AVhite, O D. Baldwin, James
Cross, Thomas Brown. F..W.
Van Slcklen. Christian de
Guigne.trustees .508 1 10
And in accordance with law and order of the
Board of Dliectors made on the 10th day of Decem-
, ber, 1890, so many shares of each., parcel of such
! stock as may be necessary will be sold at public
i auction at the office of said company, No. 321
Market St., ln the City and County of" San Fian-
i cl. co, State of California, on the 26th day of Jan-
i vary, 1896. at the hour of eleven (11) o'clock a. xt.
j of said day to pay said delinquent assessment
I thereon, together with costs of advertising and
i expenses of sale.
ALEXANDER MACKIE, Secretary.
Office, No. 321 Market st., San Francisco.
POSTPONEMENT.
By order of the Board of Directors of said cor-
poration made and entered upon the records
thereof upon the '.lst day of January, 1896, the
date of the delinquency of said assessment was
postponed until the 21st day of January, 1896. and
the date of sale of such delinquent stock was post-
poned until the 10th day of February, 1896, at
eleven (11) o'clock a. m. of said day.
- ■-.- ,-' ALEXANDER MACKIE, Secretary. **
~ PROPOSALS. • :■ 4:
!E— NOTICE IS hISrEBy" GIVEN
J-A that I will on THURSDAY, February 6, 1896,
at 2 o'clock v. xt., at the Courthouse ln Yuba City,
Sutter County, Cal., receive sealed proposals for
the surrender of bonds issued on levee district No.
1 of. Sutter County, 'according to an act of the
"Legislature approved April 9, 18*10, to the amount
of ten thousand ($10,000) dollars. No bids above
par will be accepted. All bonds mnst accompany
the bids. L. J. COPE,
Treasurer Sutter County, Cal.
.- Yuba City. January 22, 1896. *.- ..... ■-..-..
STORAGE '. : "~ ~
TORAOE OF PURNITURE^ PIANOS, HOUSE-
O -Old goods, etc, J. M. PIERCE, 735 Market st.
\\riLSON BROTHERS. 1710 -MARKET—'
'- xl. Storage; low rates: telephone South 762. .'
iIDII DING LOAN ASSOCIATION.
C~ 'U.NTIM-x'l'Al. BUILDING AND'LOAN 7\s'
/ -ociatiou— Home office, 222 Sausome st., S. _*,
General savings & loan business. Ed E. Hill, Pres.;
Oliver Eldridge V.Pr.; AY Corbln, Sec.«_Ge_._U_ ,
THE SAN FRANCISCO . CALL, MONDAY, ; JANUARY 27, 1896.
.HOUSES to LET.
TONES ST., BET. JACKSON AND PACIFIC—
v Neat 2-story bay-window house; 8 rooms and
bath: rent low to a good tenant. * -• . * " ; '..*,
Bush, bet. Mason and Taylor— Fine 3-story bay-
window house; 9 rooms and bath: rent low to a
good tenant.
Apply to C. S. CAPP A CO., House Brokers and
Real Estate Agents, 413 Montgomery st. "
HOUSE OF- 9 ROOMS FOR IOR 2 i*AMl-
lies. 421 Powell st. ■ "
HOUSE— 12 ROOMS; GOOD LOCATION; SUN-
ny side; low rent; bargain. Address M. E.,
box 122. ■ ■ ■- -
HOUSE OF' 9 ROOMS; AVELL FURNISHED;
all occupied; $275. Address C. R., box 32,
Call Office. - *;
999pfP0ST, BET. SCOTT AND DEA'lSA-
___> ' dero— House, 6 rooms; bath;- basement:
garden, stable, driveway. , ; - ,*...•. -
OI'SE OF « ROOMS: RENT $16. 18 GAR-
den st,, bet. Sixth and Seventh, Harrison and
Bryant.
OUSE OF 6 ROOMS AND BATH; STABLK
for horse ana wagon; large cellar; 159 Erie
at., between Thirteenth and Fourteenth, near Fol-
som; rent $18. MADISON A BURKE, 620 Market.
991 LAUREL AYE., BETWEEN TURK AND
+x~xJ- Eddy, off Van Ness aye.— House; 4 rooms
and bath; rent reduced. ,
1 L-^JA CALIFORNIA — HOUSE 11 SUNNY
lOa^x. rms. bath; newly painted, decorated; yard
91 1 GEARY'— OF 11 ROOMS AND
_J LA bath; rent reasonable; key at 217* 1 /.-
HOUSE OF 6 ROOMS A it BATH AND
yard; 147 Valencia St.; rent $16. Apply 2838
Mission.
A DOLLARS. DIMES AND NICKELS
O by renting a house from BALDAVIN & HAM
MOND 10 Montgomery st. ■ ■
FURNISHED HOUSES.
990*1-. STEINER," 1 NE AE " ACB AMENTO —
-Ujiu\}\J Nicely furnished house of 7 rooms and
bath to responsible parties. Call Ito 4. "
99 O AVEBSTER-SUNNY' FLAT; LINEN;
auujlO china; piano: bath: $45.'
COTTAGES TO LET.
COTTAGE; VROOiIS-^BATH: LARGECEL^
lar. 421 Cedar aye. ,*o_. Geary St., near Laguna.
OTTAGE S ROOMS- BATH : LARGE YARD;
cellar. 2105 AVebster St., near Sacramento.
JONES-COTTAGE OF 5 ROOMS; SUlT-
able for one or two families.
OTTAGE "OF - 3 LARGE ROOMS: LARGE
grounds: rent $12. Apply at 28 t'ollingivood st.,
or in grocery. •
"VTEAT COTTAGE, 5 ROOMS AND BATH;
t A\ sunny; yard and basement; cheap. 2425 Post.
L'NNY" BAY' - AVINDOW COTTAGE OF 5
rooms: large yard and basement. Fifteenth
and .Dolores sts. • '*
FLATS TO LET.
TAVO~FLA^,!t^NT^7nu7>ol*il^^
$10 and $14 ; 4 and 8 Lassett St., near Fillmore
and Haight. Inquire at 126 Taylor st.
UPPER FLAT OF 4 ROOMS. 93"/ SILVER
x*j St., near Third.
EOUR ROOMS AND BATH, 304 LILY AYE.;
rent $15. Owner 111 A an Ness aye.
ELEGANT F*LAT (CENTRAL AND VERY
-X finest in the city) of 6 very large, sunny rooms,
bath, pantry, closets, etc.; suitable for residence
or business, or living apartmentsand business com-
bined; facing south, overlooking Union Park: car-
pets and part of furniture for sale: $250 to $400:
will transfer long lease to purchaser. *N. D.
SICKELS, 318 Post St.
79£ McALLISTF'R— SUNNY' flat ; 6 ROOMS.
I __U laundry and bath; rent|*3o.
A? OR "RENT- ELEGANT 1.0W1.R I'LAT OF 5
-T rooms, bath and laundry. 1225 Jessie st., bet.
Valencia and Mission; rent reasonable. \
OR. SUNNY BAY^AVTNDOW FLAT OF . 6
V' rooms and bath. 1042 Folsom st.
UNNY FLAT; 4 ROOMS, BATH. 1706 POST
street.
Q'A A SUNNY' LOAVER FLAT; 5 ROOMS,
•©i-jt. bath. 420 Fourteenth St., near A'elencia.
FLAT FROM"; - TO 4 ROOMS AND BATH TO
let; 160. 162 Fourteenth st.
Cj] Q NE~7~"cdK. POLK AND JACKSON—
OiC'- sunny rooms; bath.
991 CLINTON PARK, BET. GUERRERO
aj— 2 and Market— Upper sunny flat; 6 rooms
and bath; rent cheap. G. H. UMBSEN «fc CO.,
Agents. pz.p:Pz
ROOMS. BATH. 409 THIRTEENTH ST..
above Valencia.
"I 901 NOE ST., BLOCK NORTH OF MAR-
A<£o*> ket— 6 rooms; 3 bay-wiudow corner flat;
rent reduced. •-'-■"-■'■,' »s_B_Hl
ODE EW SUNNY' FLAT; LOW RENT:"7
rooms: bath and garden; top of bill. 923 Fell.
CJ9Q ~C A NEW, ELEGANT, SUNNY' MOD-
x&AO. OxJ. em bay-window flat; 5 rooms; bath.
925 Golden ('ate aye.
CHEAPEST FLAT IN TH E" UITY'; 5 KOOMS
and bath; rent $16. Apply 1915"/ a McAllister
St., bet. Lyon and Lott. , >■=••-'*":*-'
ROOMS AT 26 N ATOM A: BENT $7. APPLY
BALDWIN & HAMMOND, 10 Montgomery st.
HANDSOME NEW FLAT OF' 7 ROOMS. 734
Fourteenth, between Market and Sanchez.
TTPPER FLATS: 6 AND 7 ROOMS AND BATH;
xJ rent cheap. Corner Thirteenth and Folsom.
4 ROOM - FLAT: NEW; FRONTING
Park panhandle. 1620 Fell st., near Lott.
Sl' Nis CORNER FLAT, 7 ROOMS; BATH;
basement. 333 Halght. corner AVebster.
Ol A\ FELL— FLAT OF 5 LABGE SUNNY
01t» rooms and bath.
UNNY* CORNER FLAT: 7 ROOMS AND
bath; 3 bay-windows; key at 1553 Howard st.
ffijl A 4 SUNNY ROOMS, BATH AND BASE-
<H?-L-±. ment. 26 Lloyd st., off Scott, nr. Waller.
SU NNYU PLAT; 7 ROOMS AND BATH;
827 Hayes st.
li*LAT 4 UNFURNISHED ROOMS; BATH;
' hot and cold water. 331 y_ Eddy st.
LEGANT FLAT, 6~ ROOMS; BATH AND
large cellar. 713 Grove st.
a&97~^iA SUNNY BAY'-AVINDOAV FLAT.
«*P_- I .-»_». 1804 Washington St., near Polk; 6
rooms and bathroom.
SUNNY UPPER ITXAT; 7 ROOMS; BATH;
0 latest improvements; cor. Oak and Scott sts.
SUNN V UPPERFLAT: »> ROOMS. BATH AND
. basement. 396 Waller st., cor. Fillmore.
AYE F-ARE-BEST FLATS IN -Ithe1 the
city; 5 and 6 rooms, bath; sunny central loca-
tion; nice neighborhood; keys NE. cor. Mason and
Sacramento sts. Apply 320 Sansome St., room 4.
A' K H V E~ FLAT; 7 ROOM S? - LARGE
1 yard; low rent. 2510 Mission; key next door.
91 A l FAIR OAKS— SUNNY LOWER
ajl.'±2 flat; 5 rooms, bath; $17 50. UMBSEN _
CO.. 14 Montgomery st.
fj 1 Q 7-BOOM FLATS; CLOSETS. STOVES.
)AO. water, dumb waiter: all modern; at 956
1 nion st., Oakland, near Adeline local station;
better than any $30 cottage in Oakland. To let •
by KOENIG <fe KROLL, 1006 Broadway, Oakland.
S AVED-DOLLARS, DIMES AND NICKELS
by rent! ng a flat from BALDWIN A: HAM-
MOND 10 Montgomery st. ' ■
CHEAPEST AND BEST IN America— the
"WEEKLY CALL, sent to any address in the
United IStates or Canada one year for $1 50, post-
age free. "
HOUSEKEEPING BOOMS.
Brannan Street.
7A9 BRANNAN — NICE SUNNY FUB-
I \Juj nished rooms for housekeeping; cheap.
Broadway.
AAQ BROADAVAY'-NICELY' FURNISHED
AUO housekpg rooms; also single; well cleaned.
Capp Street. . * . T
1A AC CAPP-ONE LARGE, SUNNY FUR-
IxJXJO nished room for light housekeeping; bath.
'''-•■■&': ;■ Eddy Street.
91 O EDDY— SUNNY; ROOMS FOR HOUSE-
Ail-SJ keeping; private place.
Q9Q EDDY— UNFURNISHED SUITE LARGE
OajO sunny parlors and kitchen, with use of bath;
rent reasonable; reference.
Everett Street.
QA EVERETT, ■ NEAR F*OURTH-3 FUR-
-0"X nished housekeeping rooms. :
Fillmore Street.
Ql A FILLMORE, OFF. HAIGHT— 3 SUNNY
OJ-XJ housekeeping rooms; modern improve
ments; rent $10. .
**7''7:«..\-;>.' . deary Street. ...
IQI 1 GEARY, OPP. PARK-815: ALCOVE
It'll suite and adjoining rooms, with porcelain
sink; bath: 3 closets; partly furnished.
IQI 7 - A ct — PARLOR, BEDROOM
At7l I dining-room, sowing-room, kitchen, bath,
2 beds; all necessaries; $24.
Golden Oate Avenue. '-;"-'"<**'*
QQQ GOLDEN GATE AYE.-4 SUNNY FUR-
-000 nished housekeeping rooms and batja.
CO 1 GOLDEN GATE AYE.— 3 OR 4 NICELY"
«J^iA furnished 'rooms for housekpg; also single.
*;• -'A".*;-' : .t :;■!■.■■ Cough Street.-
-1 1 OA GOUGH, NEAR O'FARRELL-SUITE
ALjCKJ of rooms; large, sunny; bath connected;
for light housekeeping; partly furnished; reference.
■ * Orant Avenue, ' ; ' ; '" :; -""
1 7 GRANT AYE. — CHANG ED HANDS-
.L I newly furnished : rooms, single or en suite:
transient. ')■ ■•' * - -■•?:*•■ l
z Howard Street.
7 A 9 HOWARD-LARGE SUNNY FURNISH-
• zXZax ed front room for housekeeping. ■» • ' > < ,
7f»l 1 HOWARD - NICELY. FURNISHED
I Ul"* suite with kitchen; man and" wife pre-
ferred.. .•-... :-yr ■;;-•*. ■ i--,y-y. ;;~"i
7LJ9 HOWARD ST.-PARLOR. NICELY FUR-
I KJjii nished; $10; housekeeping. $7; single, $4.
2 NICE SUNNY FURNISHED ROOMS FOR
housekeeping. 1064"/ 2 Howard st. * ' •>:.' .
9 Q7 HOAVARD-3* HANDSOME ROOMS'
—OO I furnished or unfurnished.
HOUSEKEEPING BOOMS — Contlnned.
' Hyde Street. .;''■ '; A;
Ql 9 HYDE— NICELY FURNISHED ROOM;
Ol— light housekeeping; very reasonable.
QAQ HYDE-5 FURNISHED SUNNYROOMS,
OxJO suitable for housekeeping; will let single.
Kearny Street.
99 Q KEARNY' —TO LET FEB. I—s CON-
PL/..1 necting rooms, partly furnished, or 2 unfur-
nished ; suitable for doctor or offices.
." Larkin Street. : -
"Ifinfi LARKIN-NICELY FURNISHED OR
AUUD unfurnished sunny room; bath; gas.
McAllister Street. *
CM A MCALLISTER ST.-3 SUNNY UNFUR-
O *±*± nished rms: housekeeping; water; gas; $12.
Minna Street.
CO MINNA-BACK AND FRONT ROOM FOR
- OxJO housekeeping; stove and water. .
Mission Street.
QO'l MISSION — COMPLETELY FURNISH-
«7__O2 ed sunny houskpg rooms; bath and porch.
O'Farrell Street.
9991 O'FARRELL — FURNISHED SUNNY
.UiPL/u'i front rooms; light housekeeping if desired.
Pine Street. '
1 one 'pine - sunny HOUSEKEEPING
AOUU rooms; no children: reference required.
;:...; Polk Street. ~
19AA EDDY-NEAYLY FURNISHED HOUSE-
LPuxj keeping rooms.
"I AAO POLK— SUITE OF a BACK ROOMS;
IYfUZi completely equipped for housekeeping;
folding bed; bath ana all modern conveniences;
rent $12 50 per month. ... y;-..
Post Street.
A 99 POST-SUNNY SUITE; LIGHT HOUSE-
OjUjU keeping allowed: other fine rooms.
O'OQ POST-3 ROOMS FURNISHED FOR
_-_>_-_) housekeeping: rent reasonable.
Sutter Street.
ROA SUTTER, BET. POWELL AND MASON—
OtAJ Furnished room for or 2 gentlemen orman
and wife; gas, bath: central.
Seventh Street.
"I r 7 SEVENTH— CONNECTING ROOMS FOR
i-OI housekeeping; bedroom and kitchen; rea-
sonable.
Seventeenth Street.
AJA SEVENTEENTH— TAVO NICELY ' FUR-
t___U nished rooms for housekeeping: yard; bath.
* - South Park.
"1 O SOUTH PARK-2 SUNNY WELL-FUR-
1U nished bay-window housekeeping rooms; $11.
Stockton Street.
m STOCKTON — SUNNY FURNISHED
rooms for housekeeping; $12 a month.
A wenty-Second Street.
(J_l C B UNFURNISHED ROOMS, GAS AND
Ac), bath; water free. 626 22d, cor. Capp.
A' an Ness Avenue. /<p '■_-
Q9A VAX BESS FURNISHED ROOMS
O^ixJ for housekeeping; sunny; corner house.
71 A V AN NESS — 3 COMPLETELY FU R-
I AU nished housekeeping rooms, $25; also single.
109' VAN NESS AYE.— NICELY' FUR-
XxJajX nished front suite; 3 or more connecting.
"IzlOf-i'VAN NESS AVE~2~ELEGANTLY
AttUU furnished front and back suites, housekpg.
1 Washington Street.
CO9 "WASHINGTON - SUNNY" UNFUR-
OxJJu nished housekeeping rooms; running water.
Welsh Street. ~~
mAA'ELSH. OFF FOURTH— 4 NICELY
furnished housekeeping rooms; yard; cheap.
BOOMS TO LET*.
Bush Street.
QA q BUSH— NICELY FURNISHED SINGLE
010 and double room; gas: grate. S"*:-,
Ago BUSH— SUNNY FURNISHED ROOMS;
OOxJ suites and single; also light housekeeping.
9I 1 BUSH — ELEGANTLY . FUBNISHED
— 11. rooms; en suite and single; also house-
keeping. ;•.''
California Street.
9Jrqi CALIFORNIA ST. - 3 ELEGANTLY
AOOx. furnished rooms and bath; cheap.
Clara Street.
191 CLARA, IN REAR — 2 FURNISHED '
1 _ rooms: cheap.
jKUdy Street.
qO7 EDDY-LARGE FRONT ROOM; 1 OR 2
00 I gentlemen; bath; gas.""' .', *
71 A EDDY-NICELY FURNISHED PARLOR
' At/ for 1 or 2 gentleman or couple.
Eighth Street.
SHERMAN APARTMENT HOUSE, 28 BTH
St.. near Market; furnished and unfurnished.
Folsom Street.
(J-r*; MONTH— SUNNY FURNISHED
%PU front room; suitable lor 2. 736 Folsom st.
" Geary Street.
£] Q GEARY-NICE, SUNNY" ROOMS, SUIT-
OXO able fordoctor's offices; single and en suite;
furnished, unfurnished; housekeeping; also store.
Golden Gate Avenue. 7%T '■ \
61 GOLDEN GATE AYE.--'..' NICELY FUR-
-2 nished front and back parlors; on sunny side.
77777 Grove Street.
K» GROVE — SUNNY FURNISHED BOOM,
AU with or without use of kitchen; $11.
";v;v''. Henry Street.
Cl HENRY, CORNER NOE, BLOCK NORTH
tJL of Market— 2 rooms, with grate; $12.
■ Howard Street.
QqXl HOWARD -NICELY FURNISHED
xlxJO'4 single and double sunny rms: reasonable.
"'4o ones Street. '
907 JONES — THE VAN WINKLE: NEAV
AjO 1 management: elegant sunny suites and
single; newly furnished; batn, etc.; 510 to SSO.
kO(| JONES, " NEAR GEARY-SUNNY PAR-
O+uxi lor suite; grate, bath, gas; reasonable.
Kearny street.
ARLINGTON HOUSE, 127 KE Y-PLEAS-
aut sunny rooms, en suite and single; first class
in every respect : terms reasonable.
Larkin Street.
_f9Q LARKIN - NICELY' FURNISHED
rrtJO rooms, single and en suite. * .
900 LA UK IN - OPP. LURLINE BATHS -
Xajxjxj sunny furnished rooms $5 a month. - '
Market Street.
777 MARKET — NICELY FURNISHED
111 suites and single: housekpg; also offices.
YOSEMITE HOUSE, 1045 MARKET. BET
Sixth and Seventh— Single and suites; per
night. 38c to $1 ; week. $1 60 to $5: families.
Blason Street.
9 MASON, NEAR MARKET— 2 VERY ELE-
gantly furnished parlors; very cheap.
A A 7 MASON-(CHANGED HANDS) SUNNY
jCL I front suites, suitable for doctor office.
/..: '■'■ McAllister Street.
A A 9 MCALLISTER, FLAT 1-BACK PARLOR
zxzi-u and single rooms suitable for gentlemen.
a Minna' Street.
OOrr MINNA, CORNER • EIGHTH- NEWLY
""' furnished bay-window rooms; $1 a week -
transient., * _ , . '
■ •/:•,• Mission Street.
EUROPE HOUSE, 1109 MISSION-NICELY
furnished rooms, single or en suite; transients.
GRAND SOUTHERN — SE. COB. 7TH AND
Mission.reopened ; thoroughly renovated -sunny
front rooms; elegantly furnished ;slngleor en suite-
stationary washstands aud running water in
every room: choicest location; terms reasonable.
}/■ 7 Moss Street.
00 MOS-S-SUNNY FURNISHED BOOM AND
OxJ small kitchen. . .
Oak Street.
"I 3 OAK-2 NICELY FURNISHED ROOMS; 1
10 front; reasonable.
O'Earrell Street. >.
"I 99 O ' FA RRELL - NICELY FURN. ■ ROOM
A_-_. for gentleman ;all conveniences $8.
ALIO O'FARRELL - NICELY FURNISHED
jzajxj double room; hot and cold water; $10.
7 77 "'xTTA. 77. '/ Perry Street. ~"
3 UNFURNISHED, ALL LIGHT, FINE SUN-
ny rooms; new house; cheap. Rear 263 Perry.
j Pine Street. '
Oi)A PINE-FRONT ROOM; SUITABLE FOR
U_- A 2 gentlemen; $10; running water; Quiet
house. '■:•- • •*■.,.'-.■
Polk Street.
1 7 POLK - LARGE SUNNY ROOMS; OR
A % single; $5 up; also housekeeping. . ;
I 1 t*/A> POLK-NICELY FUBNISHED SINGLE
HOP room; suitable for a gentleman. «. ... j
Post Street. : *
4.9£ OST- A DESIRABLE SINGLE FUR-
•X^iU nished room for gentleman.
KOq POST-ELEGANTFURNISHED BOOMS;
000 snltes or single; $2 a week and upward.
OOA POST- NICE SMALL , SUNNY 8 FUR-
A-'O A- nished room; gas; running water; bath; $5
, month.
BOOMS " -TO LET— Continued.
..'■'[ --' Powell street. 7 ** '*: .
91 C POWELL- SUNNY' FURNISHED
--LO rooms; $8 and $10. ;: .. ■ * ______
Kidley Street.
CIO RIDLEY*, NEAR ** VALENCIA — 2 NICE
£j\J sunny rooms for housekeeping, $10; also 1
single, $3 60. ; ■■'■' ;
Sansome Street.
AMERICAN EXCHANGE HOTEL, 319 SAN-
some— Light airs- rooms, $1 to $150 a week;
housekeeping rooms $2 a* week up.
... ... . Stockton Street.; "**'■"
9091 STOCKTON, "OPP. UNION ARE—
aPxJ^-> changed* hands; newly renovated and
pleasant sunny rooms; single or en suite; day,
week or month. -
?TO^"» STOCKTON —.-NICELY FURNISHED
Uv/_) rooms; single or en suite; hot and cold water.
Oft 7 1 STOCKTON — SUNNY' FURNISHED
xJxJ I *> room in private family; $4.
7"V*'.- ■ Sutter: Street. •
faOft SUTTER — LARGE SUNNY' UNFUB:
UOU nished suite; suitable for doctor's office.
QOQ SUTTER — NEAVLY FURNISHED;
VxJO double parlor and single rooms.
Taylor Street. %
C 1 Q TAYLOR-NICELY * FURNISHED SUN-
OXO ny front, suitable 2 gentlemen; also single.
Tehama ; Street.
lOn TEHAMA, COR. -THIRD -SUNNY
AU I front room: $5 per month.
Third Street.
Tl*** INCHESTER HOUSE— 44 7 THIRD, NEAR \
If Market; most convenient and respectable; 200
rooms 26c to $1 50 per night ; «1 50 to $6 per week;
electric lights in every room; reading Pm; free bus.
.Miscellaneous. ..;.::
PLEASANT COMFORTABLE ROOM FOR RE-
spec table gentleman in private family ; 10 min-
utes' walk from City Hall; breakfast optional.
Address Room, box 91, fall Office. ■ - -
BOARDING AND BOOMS.
___g7aNTLyT='Url^H^
suites, with first-class "board for 2 or 4 gentle-
men; all modern conveniences; $25. 515 Taylor.
OME COMFORTS; DOUBLE" OR SINGLE,
with board; choice. 1431 Market st.
QOQ GEARY— NICELY FURNISHED SUNNY
xJOO suites; table board; suitable for families.
faftO BUSH, COR. STOCKTON-THE GRENO-
UUO ble— Newly and elaborately furnished rms.;
ilngle or en suite : board optional : terms reasonable.
IF YOU AVANT A PLEASANT HOME CALL
at Van Ness aye., cor. "Bush st.; the AVlnder-
mere; references required.
OTEL BEKTLING. 714 BUSH— A FAMILY
hotel: references given and required; all mod -
ern conveniences. ■
children boabd-d.
LADY* SH^m^^ISTT-NCE FRO-d~cT?Y
would like 1 or 2 children to board: good home;
references given. Address CLARA M. SHELLY,
Redwood City, Cal.
"Y7OU CAN FIND REFINED HOME IN AMER-
A lean family for child; terms moderate. 402
San Jose aye. , ,
OOD HOME FOR CHILDREN: TERMS
reasonable; best of reference. 1132 Shotwell.
MIDDLE-AGED LADY" AVOULD LIKE TWO
children to care for and send to school ; rea-
sonable. Address 102 Hannah st.. Oakland.
STORES TO LET.
CORNER STORE AND 3 ROOMS, CELLAR
and stable: suitable for any business; old es-
tablished stand and good selling neighborhood;
NAY. cor. Pacific and Hyde; rent low to a good
tenant. Apply to C. S. CAPP A CO., House Brok-
ers, 413 Montgomery st.
TUNE CORNER GROCERY AND BAR TO LET;
. cheap reut. Apply to J. F. PLUMBE, 1402
Valencia St., cor. of 25th.
ARKET-ST. STORE LOCATION THE
best: vacant from Feb. 1; rent reasonable.
Apply to P. C. MOLLOY, 138 Montgomery st.
offices TO let. \ — "
I^^LEtLANTLYI-'l-RN^
A_ able for professional man; occupied ten years
by dentist. 860 Market, cor. Stockton, first floor.
91 rr GEARY— PARLOR FLOOR; SUITABLE
ajXK for business; key at 217%. •
ELEGANT OFFICES IN NEW SPrIeCKELS
building, 925 Market: rents low; no extra
charge for gas, Janitor services or heating. Apply
at building or G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montg. St.
•MEDICAL.
A BLESSING TO LADIES— INSTANT RE-
■■TV. lief for monthly irregularities from any cause
by the most experienced ladies' physician In Cali-
fornia; latest method; superior to any; beware of
lrauds: come direct to Oman's Dispensary. DR.
and MRS. DAVIES, 14 McAllister st., next Hi-
bernia Bank, and avoid blood poisoning or life
Injury. F'reuch F. Fink Pills, $3.
Af ME. DE GIBBS' MAGIC WONDER, THE
lA only true method in the world for restoring ir-
regularities in 8 honrs; $5: perfectly harmless.
Call or address WOMEN'S DISPENSARY, 1170
Market, 66 and ■ 67: physician's consultation free.
LADIES-CHICHESTER'S- ENGLISH PEN-
Aj nyroyal Pills (Diamond Brand) are the best;
safe, reliable take no other; send 4c. stamps for
particulars, "Relief lor Ladles," in letter by return
mail; at druggists. Chichester Chemical Com-
pany, Philadelphia, Pa. . - ■
UNFORTUNATE SUFF*ERERS FROM PILES,
in any. form, can be put iv the way of sure re-
covery by sending their • address to J. AY.
MITCHELL, 457 Minna st., City.
LADIES. CONSULT FREE-MRS. DR. SCOTT,
l-i 216 Powell st. ; only qualified specialist in the
city ; $500 paid for a case I fall to cure; diseases
of the eye treated especially. :
ANEW PROCESS— NO MEDICINE, INSTRU
ments or worthless pills usea; every woman
her own physician for all female troubles, no mat-
ter from what cause; restores always in one day;
If you want to be treated safe and sure call on men's
physician -.knowledge can be sent and used at home;
all cases guaranteed. DR. POPPER. 318 Kearny st.
A BLESSING TO LADIES — INSTANT RE
lief for monthly irregularities (from whatever
cause) by * the most experienced ladies' physicians
ln San Francisco, restores all cases by an improved
method, superior to others; ladies will save time
and money, be assured of honest treatment by
consulting the doctors before calling on others;
patients who have been imposed upon are spe-
cially Invited: homo In confinement: treatment
warranted: advice free; Pink Pills, *:'. DR. and
MRS DA\"IES, 14 McAllister St., near Jones.
hall, 14 McAllister street, NEAR
"■Jones. Diseases of women and children. .
ALL FEMALE IRREG UL RE
stored in a few hours; safe and sure relief at
any time; travelers helped at once; home In con-
finement; French pills guaranteed: consult free.
MRS. DR. AVEYTH, 916 lost St., near Larkin.
MRS. G. AVOOD. MIDWIFE; DISEASES OF
the womb a specialty. 230 Clara st., nr. Fifth.
DUB. GOODWIN MAKES A SPECIALTY OF
diseases of women and restores all , cases of ir-
regularity inrj-ne day, guaranteeing a cure or no
charge; separate home for patients: best skill;
medical attendance; low fees; regulator, $2.
1370 Market. *
LADIES — DAUDET'S FEMALE REGULA
ting Pills:- strongest, safest, best: never fail;
$1 per box. WIDBER'S drugstore, 14 Ellis at,
formerly cor. Market and Third sts.. sole agents.
SURE - CURE FOB ALL FEMALE _)IS-"
eases, from whatever cause; a home in con-
finement with every comfort; satisfaction guar-
anteed, by MRS. DR. GWYER, 226 Turk St.
a HOME, A EWEND AND mother's care,
'JA MRS. DR.FUNK'S, 1416 Eighth at., Alameda.
MRS. DR. AVEGENEE; PRIVATE HOME IN
confinement; . irregularities cured In a few
hours without operation; pills $2. 419 Eddy St.
LPEAU'S TRENCH PILLS, A - BOON - TO
ladles troubled with irregularities: no danger;
safe and sure; $2 60 express C. O. D.; don't delay
until too late. OSGOOD BROS., Oakland, Cat. **■
IF IRREGULAR OR ANY FEMALE DISEASE
A see Mrs. Dr. Pnet_ and be content. - 264 V a 4th.
FOB SALE— 3IISCELLA"N*_OUS.
OR "sAlAE^S^FlAO^S^OF^&fAl^^'i^
risers; 12-inch tread ; walnut rail; cedar newel
posts; to be removed. . Apply 220-226 Bush st. - .
OR SALE— PATENT BARBER CHAIR. I IN-
qnlre 626 Pacific st.
INGER BUTTON -HOLE SEWING MA-
chine; cheap. 1915 Mission St., bet. Fifteenth
and Sixteenth.
OR SALE— WALNUT HEAV V -PLATE
glass showcases, tables and side cases. Apply
118 Sutter st. •■■':■; '
HOUSE, 6 ROOMS AND BATH:* NEAVLY
furnished; near City Hall; must sell. , N. A.
box 30, Call Office.
IT - OB SALE— 2O TONS 20-POUND T RAILS ;
1 steel. At 167 Crocker building.
99 elegant high- arm avheeler-
— — . WILSON No. '9 sewing- machine; oak
finish; equal new; cause, departure. 801 Union.. .
ILLIARD AND POOL TABLE; A BARGAIN
Fifteenth aye. and San Bruno road. H.
SCHUUR. ■■■' v, - '-'■■. ■■ ■ ■ . -.-'■..-.: ■■■-.
BELLOWS, anvil, vise, ./STEAM pump,
small steam boiler and engine. 631 Howard st. '.
COO SECOND-HAND carpets, .'ALL -SIZES
•JUU and prices, from 25c per yard un. J.
NOONAN, 1017 to 1023 Mission st., above Sixth.
BUY YOUR BABY CARRIAGES AND RAT-
tan. furniture at the factory and save middle-
man's profit; we will treat you right. CALIFOR-
NIA BATTAN COMPANY, 61 First, nr. Mission.
BABY CARRIAGES AND RATTAN FURNl-
ture: call and get our prices; costs nothing.
Sunset Rattan Company, 104 O'Farrell St., near
Stockton. -..-:- p.-'- *•■-*■ -' ■ " *•'■* - ■;:.:■■ ■■■■'-. > .i •:-.-.
AROUTFITS, MIRRORS.CASH REGISTERS,
scales, etc.; cheapest. MEEK, 1118 Mission st.
IRE" AND ;» BURGLAR - SAFE, ..: LETTE B-
press, platform scales and desk : cheap. 102 Clay
M~~ ONARCH CARD SLOT "MACHINES FOR
saleorgiven away. KAHN A CO., 220 Cal. St.
ONE, SMALL MEDIUM AND LARGE SIZE,
fire and burglar proof safe. 221, 223 Market st. .
ATE VV RANGES i CHEAPER* .THAN SECOND-
1\ ; hand. *W. 8. RAY Mfg Co., 12 California st. . '.
COUNTERS, SHELVING, SHOWCASED
bought and sold ' 11-1 Market bet. 7th and tit-.
I ---._,-' - CITY " KEAL ; ESTATE.
pOME AND SEE ; ' "'" "7 7^ TT"*
V^ GOOD LEVEL LOTS,
25x100 to 120,
'':Pp: IN BERKELEY.
ONLY JJS2OO EACH. ONLY «1 WEEKLY.
GOOD VIEW"'. SOIL AND DRAINAGE.
BRIGHT PROSPECTS. .
GOOD VIEAVS, SOIL AND DRAINAGE.
Free maps; free ride to property. CHAS. A.
BAILEY, 46 Market st.
PROPERTY WANTED FOR CASH — RESl-
dence bet. Pierce, Devisadero, Pine and Clay
sts.; price $801)0 to $10,000. Address P.. O box
2210. ■■-■■;■••■. ■*"-,■■ * * ■'■"'
fflj 1 -IK IF SOLD TO-DAY: THIS LOT IS
•4P J-_j O worth double; 2 blocks south of the
park; cash; title insurance; see owner at once.
9 Powell st., room 3.
f"l AVEEKLY— GOOD BERKELEY LOTS.
•hPa $100-Lot 100x100; $1 weekly; steep and
cheap. ■ ■■ ■ ••
$175— 25x135; $1 weekly.
$250— Lot 2oxl(M): $1 weekly: sewered.
$325— Lot 25x100; $1 50 weekly: macadamized.
$250— Creek corner. 40x100; $1 weekly.
$160— Lot, 24x100: $1 weekly. •
CHAS. A. BAILEY, 46 Market st., or Berkeley
station, Berkeley.
OBUY, SELL OR EXCHANGE REAL ES-
tateand business of every description. A. J.
PROPER A CO.. real estate, 626 Mrkt, downstairs.
"VTEW COTTAGE: 6 ROOMS, BATH, LA DN-
LA dry, etc.; excellent neighborhood;! easiest
terms. 202 Powell st.
HOME FOR $200; BALANCE $2300, $25 PER
month; 5 rooms, etc: 2 lots. 122 AY est Park
St., Holly Park, block from Mission cars.
FOR SALE OR EXCHANGE FOR SAN
Francisco property a modern house of 8 rooms
in Oakland. No reasonable offer refused. Apply
28% Zoe St., city. -. ■ ■ .
3 FLATS, 13 ROOMS AND BATHS, BAY-AVIN-
dow, manteis.etc, built foi;s32oo; 5-room cottage
and bath, $1500. JAS McCONAH AY.1149 Mission
NTH. REAL . ESTATi,.
X^DWl>n^~A__Jl^ "
Real Estate Dealers.
Country Real Estate a Specialty.
FOR $5500-A GENTLEMAN'S HOME OF 20
acres; good house of 6 rooms, barn, chicken-
house: 12 acres in fruit; 6 acres in vineyard; 1
mile from Sebastopol : this is a very nice piece of
property and warns to be seen to be appreciated;
terms very reasonable and a small payment down
will purchase it and ample time on balance.
VERY LITTLE CASH REQUIRED AS FIRST
V payment ; 20 acres near Merced, with 7 acres
in fruit, 7 acres in vineyard and balance alfalfa
land ; all under irrigation; good 8-room house,
barn, chicken-house, etc.; flne well of water; good
location; price $4000.
TO CLOSE PARTNERSHIP: AVELL LOCATED
piece of business property that pays 5 per cent
net on $90,000 ; will bo exchanged in part for a
$40,000 desirable ranch, balance remaining on a
mortgage.
EDAVIN K. ALSIP A CO.,
9 Rotunda, Mills building, San Francisco.
©I AAA' REDUCED FROM $2000; ABOVE
x^XxJxJKJ, Sacramento; all Al level land;
fenced, ploughed and under water-ditch; a few
large oaks: excellent surroundings. LEE A
KISER, 306 Montgomery st".
•599^0 10 ACRES, 2y MILES FROM
■$)_-__-»_'. Petaluma. 14 mile from depot: Al
level lsnrt; new '4-rooni cottage: barn; assorted
fruit trees: $500, balance on time. LEE &
KISEB, 306 Montgomery st.
A TO BACBE CHICKEN RANCHES ON 10
years' credit. D. H. TWING. Sonoma City.Cai.
ORANGE BLOSSOM COLONY. - -
OAKDALE, STANISLAUS CO., CAL.
Beautiful young orange groves in tracts of 5 acres
and upward, lying along the Stanislaus River, two
and a half miles from Oakdale, the principal station
of the Southern Pacific Railroad on the line between
StocKton and Mercea. The Stanislaus and San
Joaquin Irrigation Company's canal runs directly
through the colony and the property has a per-
petual water right.
. We are prepared to sell portions of the property
either unimproved or already planted to Washing-
ton Navels, Mediterranean Sweets and Maltese
Bloods. The property Is under the immediate
direction and care of an experienced horticulturist,
who has received diplomas and medals at eight
different county fairs in the State and for a small
consideration cares for the orange groves for non-
residents. v. •.,•/.:
A high and dry country, with a perfect natural
drainage system. All kinds of small game near by
affords excellent sport for hunters.
Prices for land, including a perpetual water rlsht
ana planted to orange trees, $175 per acre. Unim-
proved land with fully paid up water rights, $70
peracre. Terms: The purchase price payable In
six annual payments, without interest; title per-
fect and liberal discount for cash.
For further particulars, maps and catalogues, ad-
dress
>• A ETON, ELDRIDGE _ CO.,
638 MarKet Street.
San Francisco, CsL
Or F. T. KNEWING, our representative.
Oakdale. CaL
MARIN COUNTY-5000 ACRES 26 MILES
from San Francisco.
Rancho de Novato.
Tracts cut any size desired; fruit, grain and
vegetable land, no Irrigation; both rail and water
transportation; $40 to $75 ocr acre; terms made
to suit; send for circular.
Improved dairy farms for sale with cows.
SVXDICAT*-" LNA'ESIMENT COMPANY, 64
and 65 Chronicle building.
END FOR OUR LIST OF ORCHARD HOMES
for sale. AVOOSTER «fe AVH ITTON. San Jose.
\ WEEK'S NEAVS FOR 5 CENTS - THE*
-.A. EEKLY CALL, in wrapper, for mailing.
SANTA CLARA COUNTY.
KEAL ESTATE.
OANTA CLARA VALLEY LANDS.
19,000 acres in subdivisions for fruit planting
Apply to C. H. PHILLIPS, proprietor.
S2 East Santa Clara st., san Jose. CaL
TO EXCHANGE.
flt-t^nil NEAV modern HOUSE to trade
xiP^:o\jyj. for country. ALLEN _ GAR-
FIELD, 902 Broadway, Oakland.
1
MONEY TO LOAN.
ANY AMOUNT: IST, 2D or 3D MORTGAGES;
estates, undivided interests, real estate in pro-
bate. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, rooms' 2-3.
MORTGAGES, PROBATE LOANS, WAR-
iTi- rants. SALOMON CO., 328Montgmry,r.214.
FURNITURE OR PIANO B_TFIT-A*ATE
party ; low interest ; strictly private. 215 Powell.
MONEY LOANED ON JEAVELRY AND
x.ll other valuables at the Security Loan Office,
1106 Market st.,nr. Mason ; private entrance 7 Turk.
DIRECT FROM US ONYOUR FURNITURE
A-' or piano; no removal; no delays; no commis-
sions; low interest; also warrants discounted. Pri-
vate office rm. 68, Donohoe build'g, 1170 MarKet st.
*] ST I 2D MORTGAGES; INTERESTS IN ES-
■l-tates; lowest rates;no deIay.MURPHY',62B
Bo7blio\-Tmoney on YOUR PIANO AVITH-
out removal, diamonds, watches, jewelry, seal-
skins, silverware, sewing machines, oil paintings-
low interest; perfect secrecy; private entrance;
private rooms. UNCLE HARRIS, 15 Grant avenue
MONEY TO LOAN ON MORTGAGES OR COL-
laterals. JAMES E. DAMON. 303 Montgy'st.
ly ONE A" LOANED, 6*6 PER CENT ON Mort-
±ll gages. A. F. JOHNS & CO., 632 Market st.
LOANS ON REAL ESTATE: ALSO SECOND
XX mortgages, furniture or pianos without re-
moval In the city and Oakland or Alameda any
amount: lowest rates. BECKER, 240 Montgomery.
LOANS— AND SECOND MORTGAGES-
city or country: furniture and pianos: business
strictly private. Room 88. Chronicle building.
DVANCESONDIAMONDS.JEWELRY.ETC
Columbia Loan _ Collateral Office, 9 Grant aye.
PAWNBROKERS.-
AT 126 KEARNY ST., ROOM 9-MONEY
loaned, watches, diamonds, etc.; low rates :pri-
vate rooms: elevator: pledges for sale cheap.
■ TttONE- WANTED.
GILT-EDGE LOAN.
$20,000 wanted on first-class country prop-
erty with good Income; first mortgage.
Address G. T. E., box 44, Call Office.
dj{_tnnn WANTED ONE year; 8 per
tip 1 "-"-* v*-' cent: indorsed note; party worth $150,-
-000, Address M. W.. box 83, Call Office.
. DENTISTS.
WANTED— ADVERTISING~OF^
xl flc; no , smoker. DR. HARDCASTLE, 628
Montgomery st.
R. GEORGE AY. LEEK. THE GENUINE
Leek dentist, discoverer of painless extraction
and patentee of improved bridge work or teeth
without any plate, moved from 6 to 20 O'Farrell st.
PAINLESS EXTRACTION" 60c; CROWN
JL bridge work a specialty: plates, $5 up: 13 years'
experience. R. L. WALSH, D.D.S., 815--4 Geary, j
I vIL'H. H. BHAAV, 224 KEARNY BRIDGE-
LJ work a specialty; open evenings 7:30 to 9.
R. L. T. CRANZ— EXTRACTION PAINLESS?
crown - work, bridge work and teeth ! without
plates a specialty. 103 Geary St., cor. Grant aye.
ROOME DENTAL ASSOCIATION, ._» ax*.
' ket. bet. 3d and 4th, gas specialists; only rell- '
able agent for painless extraction: - artificial teeth
frm $6; fillings frm $1: extracting 50c. with gas $1.
Ql IJ, a SET . i"OR j TEETH ; WARRANTED AS
♦3) • good as can be made; filling $1. DR. SIMMS.'
dentist, 030 Market St., next Baldwin Theater.
D>l"li"DLU__"Hl___, 1443 MARKET •ST "
near Eleventh: no charge for extracting when
plates are made: old . plates . made over like new* l
teeth from $8 per set: extracting ode: gas given. '
pOLTON DENTAL ASSOCIATION. 806 MAR-"
A_J ket st. DR. CHARLES W. DECKER. yp ,
DR. J. J. LEEK, 1206 MARKET, COR] GOLDE N*
Gate aye.— evenings; Sundays till noon.
ALL AVORK REASONABLE AND AVAR-'
IJA ranted. DR. J. W. KEY, 1122 Market st. -
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
<2>Qnn HERE'S A CHANCE FOR A HOME:
ig) OXJO. a 7-room cottage close to station and
short walk to business center; this is a snap. W.
E. BARNAND _ SON, 458 Ninth St., Oakland.
ORNER LOT FRONTING ON A STREET
macadamized, sewered and sidewalked, $20 a
foot: good neighborhood. W. E. BARNAND _
SON, 458 Ninth st., Oakland.
HERE'S A SNAP," OWNER MUST SELL;
 , modern 5-room cottaee: large stable; lot
50x100; central location; Eighteenth st. near
Brush; pays Income of $300 per year: price only
$3000; cost $4000; this must be taken quick.
W. E. BARNARD _ SON, 458 Ninth st., Oakland.
<B» t\(\(\ft B UYS A 2-STORY HOU«E ON SUN-
«<{£"_■_■ \J\J ny side of street; 8 large rooms; 3
mantels; lot 32x101: close to cars, churches and
schools and short walk to business centers. AY. E.
BARNARD _ SON, 458 Ninth St., Oakland.
900 ACKES on COW CREEK, SHASTA CO.,
jiu\J\j 3 miles from MUlville; all alfalfa land: lO-
room house; 2 barns; owner, widow lady, will ex-
change for city or Oakland property or country
hotel; will assume mortgage; also 2 cottages to ex-
change for small ranch. Address P." KELLY,
Real Estate Exchange, 459 Nlnth*st., Oakland.
FOR SALE OR BEAUTIFUL HOME,"
East Oakland; cottage of 6 rooms; lot 50x150:
barn, chicken-house, etc.; fruit trees, flowers; 1
horse, buggy, cart, cow and chickens: terms to
suit purchaser. Address F. 8., Call Office, Oak-
land. -
<3fiQ^kOO CASH-A CHANCE SELDOM OF-
x®oo\J\J fered: .reduced from $5000: a fine
home containing 7 rooms, laundry and bath; lot
40 feet front; fine location; only 5 minutes' walk
to narrow-gauge depot: call ' and investigate.
GEO. B. M. GRAY", 463 Ninth St., Oakland.
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE. WRITE FOR
list or see E. E. BUNCE, 1008 Broadway, Oak-
land. :..-.-. .-; * *
ASH VALUE $3500: PRICE FOP. 10 DAYS'
$2500; fine corner lot; 101x103: convenient
to businesscenter; cottage; 5 rooms; bath: street
work, stone walks complete; mortgage 82000 can
remain.
$1500 less tban actual cost; lot 50x95: bouse of
8 rooms, batb, with barn; street work, stone side-
walks complete; 4 blocks to local station; price
$2000; mortgage at bank $1600.
$1000 discount if sold at once; flne corner lot:
100x120; neat cottage; street sewered; side-
walked; nice surroundings, and only 3 blocks from
local station: price $2700; $800 cash.
$1600— cottage: in excellent location; lot
26:6x135;. street work, cement sidewalks com-
plete; terms *75 cash, balance $20 per month.
J. S. MYERS, 1002 Broadway, Oakland.
©TOO LOTS A! . FRU I T V ALE f STATION : ,
tg lUU. come to-day. LODGE _ POWELL.
CJ9|| MONTHLY FOP. 5-ITooM WITAOE-J;'
♦UP—' plans free. F. Bl IEGLFI Golden Gate statn.
•ft IRO NEAR 111 ALTENHEIM IN
VPIOxJ. Fruitvale; electric cars; only $1 down
and $1 a week: selling fast: good improvements.
H. B. PINNEY. owner. 902 Broadway, Oakland.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— I43S PARK STREET.
ALAMEDA HEAL tST A lE.
(DjOOX LCrr7ioxBo:2' .. BLOCKS FROM STi
t*p«J«j_». Hon; cottage of 4 rooms and lot; $1600.
J. H. YOUNG. 1243 Park st-. Alameda.
ftH 00 DOWN —ELEGANT NEW 6-ROOM
W-FLfV/ modern cottage In center of city, close to
school and station; lot 35x150; price $2250. For
immediate sale Alameda Land Comouny, 1500
Park st., Alameda. *
Klßim-^MAimiAGES— DEAT-JST
BORN.
ANDERSEN— In East Oakland, December 28,
1895, to the wife of Captain Olaft Andersen, a
daughter.
DUFF— In this city, January 25, 1896, to the wife
of George W. Duff, a daughter.
HARLOAV— In North Temesca'. January 26, 1596,
to the wife of AY. B. Harlow, a daughter.
PIERSSAR— In this city, January 7, 1896, to the
wife of John Plerssar, a son. -
SCHULTZ— In this city, January 14, 1896, to the
wife of George Schultz. a son. . . . ■-. ■ .
MARRIED.
OLASSAN— Fifty years ago to-day the
following announcement appeared In the Sydney
Morning Herald: Married— At the Metropoli-
tan Church, Hyde Park, on the 26: instant, by
special license, by the Very Reverend the Dean
John McEncone, Mr. Thomas Higgins, formerly
of ('randy, County Cork, Ireland, to Miss Ellen
Glasaau of this city. . _^^
DIED.
Bauer, Rosa Mathews, Capt. Charles
Cohen, Winnie Mooney, Theresa
David. A. O'Riorden, Owen
Dougherty, Martin Perry, John R.
Hainque, Merov.e Safried, Frederick
Isaac, Alice Saul, Virginia M.
Lynch, Margaret Stanoevlch, Michael
Lundberg. Tekla Theodore. John
Martinom, Pietro AVilley, Eliza M.
AVilllamson, Mamie
BAUER— In this city. January 23, 1896, Rosa
Bauer, a native of Germany, aged 39 years 4
months and 20 days.
COHEN— Winnie "Cohen, daughter of A. B. and
Caroline G. Cohen, a native of San Francisco,
aged' 18 months.
DAVID— In this city, January 23, 1896, A. David,
a native of Canada, aged 60 years.
DOUGHERTY— In this city. January 25, 1896,
Martin Dougherty, husband of the late Catherine
Dougherty, a native of Ireland, aged 60 years.
HAINQUE— In this city, Jannary 26, 1896, Mere-'
vie Hainque, beloved husband of Rosalie, and
brother of the late Martial, and uncle of Martial,
. Victorine, Adelaide aim Arthur Hainque and
Mrs. F. C. Bangs, a native of Franc-, agea 64
years. ■■■-■ ;■;■ -*y -.:-•■
■ Friends and acquaintances are respsct-
fully invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Tuesday), at 1 o'clock p. xt.. from the resi-
dence of his nieces, 20 Clinton Park, between
Thirteenth and Fourteenth streets, thence to
Notre Dame dcs A'ictoires (French) Cnurch,
: Bush street, for services nt 2 o'clockp. xt.
ISAAC— In this city, January 25, 1896, Alice
Isaac, a native of England, aged 83 years and 0
months.
LYNCH— In this city, January 25, 1896. Margaret,
dearly beloved mother of P. A. and J. J. Lynch
. and Mrs. J. Stutz, a native of Limerick, Ireland,
* aged 65 years.
jfcjTFrlenas and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Tuesday), at 9 o'clock a. m., from her late
residence; 2211 Taylor street, thence to St. Fran-
cis Church, corner Vallejo street and Montgom-
ery avenue, where a requiem high mass will be
celebrated for the repose of her soul. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery. •
LUNDBERG— In this city. January 26. 1896,
Tekla, beloved wife of ■ Charles Lundberg, and
sister-in-law of Blanda Lundberg, a native of
Sweden , aged 26 years 7 months and 26 days. ' *
MARTINONI— this city, January '24. 1896,
Pietro Martinonl, a native of Switzerland, aged
46 years. **:*:;-
MATHEWS-In this city, January 25, 1896, Cap-
tain , Charles Mathews, .brother of Sophie
Mathews, a native of Sweden, aged yer.rs.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Tuesdayl, at 1 o'clock p. m., from Memorial
Hall, .I. 0.0. F. building. Funeral nnder the
auspices of Ab?u Ben Adhem Lodge No. 112
and Unity ' Encampment No. 26, I. O. O. F.
Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery. '
MOONEY'— In Benicia, January 25, 1896, Theresa
Mooney, aged 15 years and 6 months.
O'RIORDEN— In the City and County Hospital.
January 26, 1896, Owen O'Riorden, aged 65
years. -
PERRY*— In this city, January 26, 1896, John
: Rogers Perry, a nativeof Keene, N. H., aged 68
years 8 months and 22 days.
J®" Friends are respectfully invited to attend
the funeral TO-MORROAV (Tuesday), at 2 o'clock
* p. m., from the parlors of the Golden Gate Un-
' dertaking Company, 2429 Mission street. Inter-
ment I. O. O. F. Cemetery. - ;
SAFRIED— In this city, January 26. 1896, Fred-
erick Safried, a native of Philadelphia, Pa., aged
.. 78 years. "....■ '~7./p
SAUL— this city, January 25, 1896, Virginia
Marie, beloved daughter of Jame. A. and Gene-
vieve Saul, a native of San Francisco, Cal., aged
1 year and 5 days.
- J63~ Friend 3 and acquaintances are 'respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Monday), at 2 -o'clock p.m., -from the resi-
dency of the parents, 1419 Pacific street, near
Hyde." Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
STANOEVICH— At the Industrial Home for the
Adult Blind, Oakland, January 26, 1896, Michael
Stanoevlch, a native of Komiza, Sissa, Dalma-
tia, Austria, aged 60 years. - . *
a3rF"rlends are invited to attend the funeral
TO-MORROW (Tuesday), at 2 o'clock v. m., from
the Home.
THEODORE— In this city, January 26, 1896,
* John Theodore, beloved son of AVilliam and May,
and brother of Willie, Agnes, Bernie. May. Annie
and Reinle .Theodore and Mrs. Louis Gomo.
a native. of San Francisco, aged 16 years 8
months and 1 day. '
AVILLEY— EIiza M. AVilley, widow of the late Dr.
John M. -Willey of San - Francisco, beloved
mother of William M. AVilley of Oakland, R. H.
Willey of Monterey, Mrs. Fred Hoeck of the
City of Mexico and Mrs. W. J. Piatt of Saa Fran-
cisco, aged 71 years.
JSSTlnterment at Healdsburg SUNDAY, Janu-
ary 26, Rev. Vf. A.M. Breck of St. John's Epis-
copal Church of San Francisco officiating.
AVILLIAMSON— In this city, January 26, 1896,
, L Mamie,, beloved wife of John B. Williamson, a
native of California, aged 32 years. ;
J UNITED " UNDERTAKERS' f
EMBALMING PARLORS. I
Everything Requisite for -class Funerals
at Reasonable Rates. I
Telephone 3167. 27 and 29 Fifth street I
' " WIcAVOY & GALLAGHER, T
FUNERAL DIRECTORS _ EMBAI.MKRS,
SO jrirtfa St., Opp. Lincoln School.
■'/', Telephone 3080.
__-________--_-__--—-■ __-____-__-__-__-W_i
CYPRESS LAWS CEMETERY,
IN SAN MATEO COUNTY; NON-SECTARIANj
laid out on the lawn plan; perpetual care ; beau-
tiful, permanent and easy of access; see It baton
burins a burial place elsewhere.
City office, 9 City Hall Aveaatk
1112
THEY ARE READY
TO ARBITRATE
Bachelors of Alameda Adopt
a Lord Salisbury
Course.
SIGNS OF WEAKENING.
The Ladies* Hold the Balance of
Power and the Situation
Is Theirs.
OPINIONS OF SOCIAL LEADERS.
San Francisco Women Speak of
the Conflict Without Entire
Approval.
The strained relations between the Bach
elors' Club of Alameda and the Young
Ladies' League for the Protection of Leap
Year Prerogatives have in no wise been mit
gated during the past twenty-four hours.
The Bachelors' Club stands pp.t as to the
severe pains and penalties which it has de-
Attorney Simpson. Dr. Sander and Dr. Zeyn. of the Alameda Bachelors' Organiza
tion, as They Appear Since the War Was Declared.
[From sketches made for " The Call."]
creed to visit upon the head of any mem
ber who succumbs to the darts of Cupid
during the year, and the league has
abated not a jot of its Spartan determina
tion to refuse to allow any oscillatory di
version unless the party .of the second part
has made a showing of business intent by
requesting audience of papa, and taking
measure of the third finger for guidance of
the jeweler.
It was hoped that a compromise might
be arrived at, -whereby the strained rela
lations might be relaxed without a humili
ating recession on either side, but owing
to the signal lack of diplomatic caution no
loophole of retreat was left, and each side
finds itself in the same predicament that
Lord Salisbury -wandered absent-mindedly
into with regard to the Venezuelan ques
tion. There is a mutual spirit of defiance
extant that bodes no good to the wedding
list of 1896.
Recorder St. Sure, being a man of the
law and a merciful Judge, was interviewed
yesterday as to the strained relations fi rst
made public in yesterday's Call.* The
Recorder was perfectly unperturbed, and
his indifference to the painful osculatory
famine that threatens the Alameda bach
elor was most noticeable. The smile upon
his Napoleonic countenance and the nice
carelessness of the lock upon his brow —
heightening the resemblance to the great
French warrior— told as plainly as words
would have done that he was "fixed," and
that he was not going to suffer any by the
heartless rule of the league-
Postmaster Stoddard was visibly agi
tated. He was found at El Nido Club
playing billiards, and the subject, sud
denly sprung upon him by the reporter,
caused him to miss an easy carrom. Since
Rev. Mr. Bovard announced from his pul
pit that employes of the Government visit
El Nido and play wicked whist at its
oaken tables, he had not been so agitated.
3lr. Stoddard said the trouble comes upon
.him at a bad time. This is a Presidential
year, and will so absorb a man's energies
that he won't have much time to think
about matrimony. And it is hard on a
fellow to be cut off from social privileges
of such long standing.
Dr. Zeyn was appalled at the result of
the bachelors' organization. He had no
idea that it would j>rovoke such bitter re
prisal, and he is in favor of leaving the
matter to arbitration. He said that war
is a terrible thing, and it is in accordance
with the spirit of the closing years of this
nineteenth century that differences be set
tled by humane processes and not by san
guinary and violent proceedings.
F. A. Young, the popular caterer, was
sorry that affairs had got into such bad
Bhape. He feared the complications
would drive trade to Oakland. "If the
young ladies put us on the list," said Mr.
Young, somewhat defiantly though not
without a quiver of regret; ""if the young
ladies go to such unheard of lengths as to
refuse to . Well, there are others, and
the flower of the town will go grazing in
new pastures. Let them beware!"
P. A. Kearney of the San Francisco Mint
had read in The Call of the action of the
Alameda young ladies. He thought the
ultimatum coming so close upon the de
pression of silver and the low price of
wheat was most unfortunate. The year
promises great things to young men who
are industrious and don't forget the day
on which the primaries are "held, and if
the league put off till next year its depart
ure it would not have come" so hard on the
hoys. As it is, it is worse than a ratio of
20 to h !" , _wHS__P V
A. P. Smiley winked one eve impres
sively when the reporter approached him
with the subject, which was taken to mean
that he knew how to beat any such came
as that.
A. G. Burns said he had heard about the
boycott, but it did not trouble him. His
diplomatic relations with the sex had not
been aistnrbed, and he felt that cooler
judgment would soon prevail.
Lieutenant Simpson was sure that the
military men would receive fair treatment
from the gentler sex of Alameda. If they
did not he had some thoughts of advanc
ing on Petaluma, where the hospitality of
the bachelor maids has become famous
through all the regiments of the guard
who recollect the glorious reception ac
corded the blue coats in the year 1894 at
the encampment.
Charles NeJson declared that the girls
never could play whist, anyhow. Charles
Highest of all in Leavening Power.— Latest U.S. Gov't Report
!*<_____£__- -^ a,^ n il
iXV zSL Powder
ABSOLUTELY. PURE
Frost wondered if the severe rules and reg
illations of the league were not aime
specially at him.
| Marshal Rogers did not say much, but
gave signs of deep and ominous thinking.
The bachelors of Alameda are bearing up
well, considering, though they might not
have formed a club with a lot of regula
tions and penalties had they known the
result of it.
THE RULES OF KISSING.
San Francisco Ladies Discuss the
Latest Phase of Leap- Year
Trouble.
Kissing — the kissing of un betrothed
young people— has always bothered the
novelists. It has caused the young offend
ers less mental worry, that is generally
speaking, for sometimes, as in Alameda,
it becomes a vital issue. An investiga
tion yesterday revealed that San Fran
cisco girls have not been considering the
advisability of a boycott on caresses un
approved by parental consent.
The question of the advisability of limit
ing the bestowal of kisses is still an open
one in the City. Some look upon a kiss as
an innocuous though delightful social
pleasantry. To them it is a mere symbol
of friendly regard bestowed upon a person
of the other sex who is not personally dis
pleasing.
At church socials Copenhagen and other
games which carried kissing forfeits with
them were once much in vogue. The kiss
in this instance was looked upon as a
mere innocent seasoning to the fun. It
was the result of fraternal confidence, and
was smiled upon with approval by the
elders, who even joined in the games.
Others look upon a kiss as a bait of the
devil. The kisser is considered one of the
unregeneratc, while the kissee, if not an
unwilling victim, is considered quite as
bad. Then, another class of people con
sider kissing as "bad form," and there
fore worse than wrong.
Mrs. Sarah B. Cooper was not willing,
when interviewed yesterday, to say tha
kisses between unbetrothed young people
are pure and good.
She was rather doubtful, at first, as to
her ability to cope with the subject. She
said she was not in touch with the kissing
habits of the people of to-day and had not
discussed the matter. She was interested,
though, and finally answered by quoting:
Out of the heart »re the iisues of life.
"That covers the whole matter, it seems
tome," she added. "If our hearts are
pure, our acts— any of our acts— can only
be pure. Like other perfunctory perform
ances, kissine may be inspired by imnure
motives and then it would be bad.
"And so I think the kissine of people
who are not engaged is ill-advised. The
formation of compacts will not lessen its
prevalence, though. I don't know of any
organization to effect that end in San
Francisco, and I think that if there were
one it would fail of its end, for reforms are
not effected by organization but by a
change of motives."
Mrs. M. 11. Hecht thinks promiscuous
kissine is outrageous.
"It is not that anything bad may be in
tended," she said. "The girl may mean
no wrong and be perfectly innocent in p_r
mittine the caress, but it" takes two to per
form the operation and the girl does not
know what the motive of the young man
maybe. Then, too, it indicates a famili
arity that is not respectful. There is no
need of it, and I am sure a girl of good
breedine would never for a moment dream
of allowing a caress from a man who was
merely a friend."'
Mrs. Monroe Salisbury did not know of
any combination in San* Francisco such as
the Alameda young ladies had formed.
As to the propriety of a girl allowing her
self to be caressed by others than her
fiance she would not talk, since she deemed
that it was a matter that was settled once
and all by a proper sense of delicacy.
The Alameda girls had only decided on a
rule that all young women should follow.
Blanche Bates, the young lady who has
so much love-making to do in the Fraw
ley Company at the Columbia Theater,
was intensely interested in the organiza
tion of the young women of Alameda.
She protested laughingly that she would
never have joined.
"Why," she said, ."they practically ad
mit by their protest that they have before
this allowed young men to kiss them.
Think how dreadful! And then, too, I
think they are very unrlatteringlv honest
when they imply, as they do, that the
pleasures of the previous kissing had all
been on the young men's side."
Miss Bates said that she always "set her
face against kissing," that she considered
it highly dangerous because of those
"dreadful germs and things." Then
growing serious, she added:
"It is a more important matter than
most girls think. I know there are girls
who allow men to kiss them and who kiss
the men merely as a sort of way of being
entertaining. The girls who do this must
have moments when they loathe them
selves for it. And sometimes when they
meet the man whose kisses they will
really value, the very memory of those
other caresses will fill them with disgust.
• "Danger also lies in those seemingly in
nocent kissing games of the younger set,
I think.
"Why? Because when the girl grows
older and a young man tries to kiss her,
she will think: 'What harm is it?' and
submit. They are kisses that might be
called property kisses at first. There is
danger of their becoming intensely real."
Laura Millard, the Tivoli's prima donna,
was not inclined to take the action of the
Alameda girls seriously. It was evident
that the very thought of their action
seemed preposterous to her.
"Come." she said, "I'll be willing to
wager that that organization of the girls
goes to pieces before a month. Why. if
they were to be fined for being kissed, and
if they told the [ truth, you'd see that all
their pocket money wens into the treas
ury.
"Kissing wrong? Why, of course not. I
think it's very nice. That is," she added,
"if he's good-looking and one really cares
for him. Why, what harm can there be
in kissing?" '/Ayy-
The disagreeable smell produced by cab
bage in the process of cooking may be got
rid of if a piece of 'bread-crumb, tied in a
fine white rag, is placed in the saucepan
with the water. After this has been in the
saucepan for a quarter of an hour it should
be taken out and thrown into the fire.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL r MONDAY, JANUARY 27, 1896.
LIGHTNING STRIKES
AT HAYWARDS.
The Electric Light Com
pany's Plant Entirely
Destroyed.
A SHARP, AWFUL CRASH.
Every House in the Town Was
.*■■ Shaken as If by a Violent
Earthquake,
SHATTERED THE BIG DYNAMO.
Fragments of the Machine Hurled in
Every Direction— The Electrician's
Narrow Escape.
Oakland Office Fan Francisco Call,)
908 Broadway, Jan. 26. )
Lightning struck and completely de
stroyed the powerful electric plant of the
Haywards Electric Light Company this
evening.
The storm was at its height about 4
o'clock, and the rain was so dense that
everybody was forced to light the lamps at
their houses, or to turn on electric lights
where electricity was used.
A few minutes aftet 4 o'clock there was a
clap of thunder that shook every house in
town. Accompanying it was a vivid flash
of lightning and a crash that nothing can
describe.
To add to the feeling of awe that the
darkness, the . thunder and lightning
created, all the electric lights suddenly
went out.
The storm-center passed directly over
the town, and while the tempest was at its
height it was the fiercest ever seen in Hay
wards.
F. B. Hooson, whose store is next to the
telephone office, says that the rain seemed
to fall in a solid mass, and before the
sewers could carry it off many houses were
flooded. As the town has just put down a
very complete sewer system the precipita
tion must have been very great.
"The thunder was something awful,"
said Mr. Hooson to a Call man to-night.
"Nothing like it was ever heard here be
fore. It shook the town as if there wa3 an
earthquake, and many people ran into the
Henry Bolenhagen, Who Deserted His
Wife and Two Young Daughters a
Week Ago.
[From a photograph.]
streets in spite of the rain. The lightning
seemed to illuminate the whole place.
"It was a succession of crashing flames
that made it appear dark as night as soon
as they had passed. As soon as the light
ning was over the electric lights went out,
and we rightly guessed that something
was wrong at the works."
How the dynamo was wrecked and how
the electric fluid was conducted to it will
never be known, for the lightning did its
work too quickly for any one to watch it.
Edward McKinney, the fireman, was in
the engine-room and when the lightning
flashed he heard a loud noise in the power
room and at the same instant he was in
darkness. He went into the dynamo
room and found that the working parts of
the machinery had been thrown from the
machine and were lying around the floor.
The body of the machine was completely
wrecked. The coils of wire that form part
of the machine were enveloped in blue
flames, which soon died out, and then it
was seen that the lightning had, somehow
orother, been conducted into the dynamo;
the artificial : and the natural lightning
met and the machine was completely
wrecked and blown to pieces.
Joseph Putnam, the electrician who was
on duty at the time, was not in the
dynamo-room when the crash came, and
to that absence he probably owes his i life.
The dynamo weighs several hundred
pounds, and the fragments were hurled all
over the place. The places where they
struck show how forcible must have been
their momentum, and had one struck Put
nam he would undoubtedly have been
killed. 7^777*7*7
Haywards is in darkness to-night, as the
streets and nearly all the stores and hotels
depended upon the electric lights for their
illumination. Several' days must elapse
before a new dynamo can be placed in posi
tion.
•In this city ■ the sudden storm of this
afternoon proved very disastrous to the
territory between Twenty-seoond and
Twenty-seventh streets and Grove . street
ana Telegraph avenue. A large portion of
this district was covered with : three feet of
water and was utterly impassable. The
street department was busy to-night.
Dozens ol ; people, at whose; homes the
basements were full and ' lower • floors
flooded; sought to obtain some relief.
As the sewers.in that part of town are
small and many were choked, no help
could be given and. the unfortunate peo
ple can only wait till the water works its
way to the bay. The Grove-street cars
were cut down to hourly trips and the
Eighth-street system was cut off altogether
for a time. A little over - one inch of rain
fell in an hour. . * •'
DDERANT SEEMS ANXIOUS.
The Convicted Murderer Now Kefusesjto
Talk to Reporters. ;
Durrant, the convicted and condemned
murderer of Blanche Lamont. is morose
and out of humor with himself and
every one wno comes in contact with him.
A week or ten days ago he had a bilious
attack, amd though he has entirely recov
ered physically, his keepers notice a de
cided change in his . manner. Whether it
be due to recent illness or the close con
finement of nine months, or both, none
seem willing to say, but all admit that he
has grown sullen within the past two
weeks. .7' --- '■ '7 7 ', ... .-, "_".-."'-
A Call reporter visited the County Jail
yesterday. .Repeated knocking at the
wicket of his cell failed to elicit any
response. Finally a prisoner across the
aisle suggested that the visitor pull the
wicket down. -77
This advice was followed, and Durrant
was observed sitting at a table apparently
absorbed in a novel. It was not until the
reporter ventured to make an inquiry con
cerning his health that the - condemned
murderer deigned to raise his eyes from
the book he was so intently reading.
"How are you, Mr. Durrant?" said the
visitor. zA.7'P/z>
"I am very well," was the reply.
"You have been sicic for several days,
have you not?"
"Yes, but I am all right now, and I
don't care to be disturbed."
"Would you mind coming to the wicket
for a moment?"
The unexpected response was a sugges
tion that the inquirer depart for a region
where Truckee's ice carnival wouldn't last
a minute, and Durrant followed this oy
dropping his eyes again on the book he
was reading when interrupted. A few
more questions were addressed him, but to
all purposes he was oblivious to the ex
istence of any one save himself and the
characters in the novel.
Durrant's change of attitude is attributed
to the uncertainty hanging over February
11, at which time his attorneys will move
for a new trial.
DESERTED HIS FAMILY.
Henry Bolenhagen Disappears
With His Little Son and
His Money.
The Man Is Believed to Have Gone
to Germany, Intending to
Never Return.
Henry Bolenhagen of 9 Yerba Buena
street left his home a week ago last Satur
day and has succeeded so well in covering
up his tracks that not the slightest trace
can be obtained of him. He took with
him his son Herman, a child about 7 years
old, ostensibly for the purpose of going to
l'etaluma, where he had spoken of going
into business, but he has not been seen or
heard of at that place. :':'_•_
Mrs. Bolenhagen, who has been left be
hind with two daughters, has made in
quiries at the various railroad and steam
ship offices, but failed to gain any tidings
of her recreant husband. The man had
between $2000 and $3000 at the German
Savings Bank, and this sum he is sup
posed to have drawn, and his wife fears he
has carried out a frequently made threat
of returning to Germany.
Mrs. Bolenhagen is quite prostrated with
grief, not only at the sudden disappear
ance of her husband, but also at tho loss
of her boy. ■;";•?£.
Bolenhagen was employed as bartender
Bolenhagcn's Son Herman, Whom He '
Took Away to Germany.
* [From a photograph.]
at the saloon of Wheeland *fe Collins, on
Montgomery street, where he had been
for years. He was regarded as a reliable
and steady man. But in his domestic
affairs he was extremely irritable. .
He had made frequent threats to com
mit suicide, as he said he could not get
things to go his way. Mrs. Bolenhagen,
who has always been industrious, feels
that it is peculiarly hard, after working
while in business on their own account to
make the money that her 'husband has
taken, to be left entirely. unprovided for.
Bolenhagen had always a strong affec
tion for his son, Herman, but did not pay
much attention. to his daughters.
* ON INTERVIEWING.
Some Timely Suggestions for a Public
Man. .
If it is worth the while of a public man
to grant an interview at all, it is certainly
worth his while that it should be done well,
and it can only be done well if he conde
scends to step down from his pedestal,
and co-operate almost en-collegue with the
interviewer. ;In the first place, the inter
viewer, who has had a large experience in
his craft, is a specialist. He is more likely
than the interviewee to understand the
conditions which go to the construction of
a successful interview, and therefore he
should be allowed a tolerably free hand, as
regards from the arrangement. Personally,
of course I always take stock as rapidly as
can of the interviewee and consult his
humor in everything. After all, he is the
person most intimately concerned with
the success of the joint production, as it is
his name with which the public is con
cerned and not that' of the interviewer,
who is almost invariably anonymous.
I am always in his debt for the conces
sion of the interview, and, if he wishes it,
he must be largely master of its manner,
l am only suggesting that the wisest plan,
after the original ; act of gracious conde
scension has been committed, is to forget,
for the brief hour of the interview, that
you are a Jupiter, and the other man a
black beetle. -Don't; imagine that he is
necessarily unconversant with affairs," po
litical or literary. Why, a . rising politi
cian actually explained to me how a most
elementary word should be spelled. 1 Quite
of his own motion, too! ■• I was in "no diffi-
J" "v_ whatever. In my **oul,T remembei
that I began to sibilate "Prig," but I sup
pressed quickly, the nascent naughtiness.—
The National Review.- .:: s. :
YACHTSMEN ON A WHEEL
Prominent Corinthian Club Men
Caught in the Popular
Craze.
NEW ORGANIZATION FORMED.
Known as the Calamity Cycling Club.
The Members Will Arrange
Many Country Tours.
The bicycle fad is scorchingly hot,
■ All classes its influence feel ; '
Now the -man at the wheel" is abjuring his yacht
To appear as the "man on the wheel."
The cycling craze has taken possession
of men and women in all stages of life and
society. It has steadily drawn recruits
from other sports, until to-day it ranks as
the greatest outdoor sport of the time, and
has more devotees actually engaged in the
pastime than any other sport ever Known.
While the large body of wheelmen do
not belong to clubs or the .League .of
American Wheelmen, and are therefore
designated by the term "unattached," still
the tendency has been for .a . few jolly
spirits to get together now and then, or
ganize a club among themselves and admit
their friends to membership, and in this
way some of the largest clubs on the coast
have grown to prominence.
: The latest addition to cycling clubdom
promises to be at least a novelty in its
way, and the names of the charter mem
bers and some of the rules and regulations
they have adopted lead to the impression
that the club will be a startling success if
its aims are all carried out.
The by-laws indicate that its name shall
be "Calamity Cycling Club," the objects
being to promote cycling and brewery in
terests. • The officers are to be a chairman,
secretary - treasurer, captain, lieutenant
and repairer. The dues will .be 50 cents
per month, and the membership shall be
limited to twenty-five. The dues for each
month, after expenses for stationery and
postage are deducted, shall be expended
for. solid and liquid refreshments for the
members present on the runs during that
month, of which there are to be two
monthly.
Careful inquiry has elicited the fact that
all the members of the Calamity. Club are
yachtsmen and members of the Corinthian
Yacht Club. This may account for a pe
culiar provision in the by-laws, which
reads: ■„-'--.-■
Any clothes worn at Corinthian Yacht Club
low-jinks are permissible on club runs, bar
ring, of course, the Chapman larabie and the
McLaren dog-skin coat. 7.7/';
To-day was the date for the first run or
cruise awheel, and it was decided to go to
San Jose. The rain has resulted in a post
ponement of the trip one week, however.
The postal notice stated that members
would not be required to ride as fast as
the captain or secretary, as there would
be a separate division to accommodate
every slow rider. No 1897 wheels will be
allowed on club runs.
The officers for 1896, by mutual consent,
will be: M. A. Newhall, chairman; E. A.
Kolb, secretary-treasurer; F. E. Baker,
captain; C. R. McKee, first lieutenant; F.
W. Merrill, repairer.
There are now over a dozen names on
the roll and the full membership of
twenty-five will doubtless be attained be
fore the next meeting. Some of the pres
ent and prospective members, all of them
Corinthian yachtsmen, are mentioned: J.
L. Hawks, Walter Crowell, Oscar Elling
house, J. A. Denhard, Sanford Plummer,
Fred Russ Cook, Pete Sloane, Dave Mc-
Laughlin, Edward and Hugo Neil, Will
Toepke, Robert Tittle and many others.
DANIEL BAUGH IS HERE.
Philadelphia's Art Club Presi
dent Tells of the East
ern Work.
He Offers Some Suggestions That Might
Interest the Local Art
Association.
Daniel Baugh, president of the Phila
delphia Art Club, arrived here yesterday
on his way to Japan. He is accompanied
by Mrs. Baugh. Mr. Baugh is well known
in the East as a patron of art and artists.
He has been president of the Philadelphia
Art Club for- three years and has done
much to increase the interest in art in that
city. He has, offered a number of prizes
to artists in. Philadelphia and has had
much to do with the management of local
art galleries. Mr. Baugh has a splendid
residence on . Locust avenue and recently
entertained there Benjamin Constant, the
great French artist who painted "The
Captive," the picture which Mr. Searles
has just presented to the Mark Hopkins
Institute of Art.
The Art Club has done much for art in
Philadelphia on account of the lines upon
which, and the purposes for which, it was
formed. v . Speaking of this yesterday at
the Palace Mr. Baugh said: *
"The Art Club was formed eight or nine
years ago .for the purpose of fostering a
taste for art in the! city. jj Its membership
includes some 800 people who are not
artists and about 100 artists. Of course a
great many, when asked to join, particu
larly those who really cared little for or
knew little about art and were willing to
join for social purposes, predicted that the
club would soon become simply social in
its character. But that has not been the
case. All the members have acquired a
taste for art and take a lively interest in it.
The club has an art gallery *in which are
given three exhibitions a 7 year— one of
water colors, one of oil and sculpture and
the third of architecture. Then artist
members are allowed , to hang their pic
tures in the gallery under certain restric
tions at any time.
"The Pennsylvania Academy of Fine
Arts has been in existence for fifty years,
has given annual exhibitions, and has
done a great deal for art. ; but Philadel
phians are conservative, and probably their
Quaker proclivities made ? them look with
considerable indifference on art. Since the
starting of the Art Club" a great deal more
interest has been taken in the exhibitions,
and as a consequence they have much im
proved. v ''. .■ "
"Of course, I don't want you to under
stand that the , object of * the club is «to
patronize artists and help them to get a
start, but to help, art by instilling in the
people a knowledge of it and a taste for it."
Acknowledged by All.
GREAT AMERICAN IMPORTING TEA CO.'S
Teas, Coffees and Spices .- , '
; Best and Cheapest.; Try Them. ■
Pretty presents given away free.
52 Market St., S. E. Headquarters
.BRANCH STORES EVERYWHERE
Losses to shipping on the great lakes by
&£**& iot the past " &son amounted to
$2,096,697.
NEW TO-DAY. " v ,^,-,_-^-^.-
SPECIAL SALE
_ t^j_* — '■ — — ■ — r~i
200 PIECES
NOVELTY BOOCLE
DRESS FABRICS!
—^ — — 1
This week we will offer 5 cases (200
pieces) NOVELTY BOUCLE DRESS GOODS,
in all the new colorings, at the following
LOW PRICES :
85 pieces CHOICE NOVELTY DRESS FABRICS (new col-
orings) - - - - - - - - $3.50 Dress Pattern
50 pieces NOVELTY BOUCLE DRESS FABRICS (40 inches
wide) - - ----- - $5.25 Dress Pattern
40 pieces FANCY BOUCLE DRESS FABRICS (52 inches
wide) - - - - - - - - $ 7 .50 Dress Pattern
25 pieces FANCY CHECKED BOUCLE DRESS FABRICS
(48 inches wide) - - - - $10.50 Dress Pattern
We have also opened 3 cases NEW FRENCH PLAIDS in
an elegant assortment of colorings - - - - -
- - - - Price 60c, $1.00, $1.25 and $1.75 per yard
!<3:
75 pieces ENGLISH MOHAIR JACQUARDS, full 52 inches
in width, in black and navys only,
Price 75c per Yard,
Worth $1.25.
111, 113, 115, 117, 119, 121 POST STREET.
The artist made a bad job
of this picture. The chair
seat doesn't • look deep
enough. It is deep though
-just right.
Good for comfort; first- j
rate for a smoking chair ; j
also for library or sitting
room.
Quarter-sawed oak, or ma-
hogany finish, covered in
tapestry, $25. Some rock-
ers, some not. 7y
Carpets . Rugs . Mattings
CALIFORNIA /. '
FURNITURE COMPANY
I (N. P. Cole <& Co.)
11 7- Geary Street. ,
■ . . v-
AT AUCTION!
Closing-Out
SALE
Of DIAMONDS, WATCHES, JEW-
ELRY, CLOCKS and SILVER.
WAKE to the highest bidder.
NO Reserve. ;7 ; :
BAERETT & SHERWOOD,
9 and 1 1 Geary Street.
SALE COMMENCES TO-DAY, and con-
tinues daily at 11 o'clock and
7:30 evening.
STORE TO -FLET-J-T.
THESUCCESSOFTHE SEASON
THE LADIES; GEL ROOM
— -OF THE
PALACE HOTEL.
DIRECT ENTRANCE FROM MARKET ST.
OPEN UNTIL MIDNIGHT.
"WELL DONE OUTLIVES DEATH," EVEN
YOUR MEMORY WILL SHINE IF
YOU USE
SAPOLIO
CLEARANCE SALE
for the NEXT 60 DAYS
As I have ordered direct from t_fi
the manufacturers a full and J*— a
complete assortment of the la- f*W
test designs In Spring and Sen- -I^. j
mkb Goods, I therefore offer my __£___.
entire stock of "Woolens now a^.
on hand at Prices never before ____fy
offered In San Francisco. _Bf-B_B__l
GUARANTEED GENUINE "**£■ II
ENGLISH CASSIMERE "^p
PANTS TO ORDER : H_»llif
FOK.MEKLY ' BED-CED TO _F___HP"'
$10.00 $6.50 PlMr
ALL WOOL SUITS i 9m|
TO ORDER: I'Sttfl
FORMERLY SEDUCED TO B'tSEll
$25.00 $17.50 lily
All other Garments Reduced "* > ***"-J[ ,
: in like proportion. You will do Wf* -^*
i ■well to avail yourself of this opportunity, and _Iy_
: me a call before buying elsewhere.
Respectfully yours,"
JOE POHEINI, The Tailor
201 & 203 Montgomery St., cor. BubH,
724 Market St. and mo & 1112 Market St
SAN FRANCISCO, CAL.
ADVERTISEMENT
FOR SALE OF
Kings County Bonis.
■VTOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN THAT SEALED
-J-* proposals will be received by the undersigned
! up to 12 o'clock m. of the 7th day of February,
j 1896, for the purchase of thirty-two (32) Kings
County Courthouse Bonds, numbered consecutively
from one (1) to thirty-two (32), both inclusive, of
the denomination of one thousand ($1000) dollars
each, and payable on the first day of January,
190b, or at any time before that* date, at the
pleasure of said county, in gold coin of the United
States, with interest thereon at the rate of tour (4)
per cent per annum, payable semi-annually, on the
first day of January and on the first day of July of
each year. Bonds and interest payable at theoftice
of the County Treasurer of said Kings Conn; v.
Said bonds having been issued in conformity with
Orders and Resolutions of the Board of Super-
visors of Kings County dated December 3, 1895,
and January 6, 1896, and under authority con-
ferred upon said board by the provisions of and la
accordance with an act of the Legislature of the
State of California, entitled "An Act to Establish a
Uniform System of County and Township Govern-
ment." approved March ' 24, 1893.
None of said bonds will be sold for less than face
value and accrued interest, nor shall any sale
thereof be final or valid until approved by said
Board of Supervisors, and the right is hereby ex-
pressly reset"*! to reject any and all proposals.
Mark envelope. "Proposals tot the purchase of
Courthouse Bonds."
By order of the Board of Supervisors of said
Kings County. W. H. SLA YIN,
, : *ii.-i-":''i'i County Treasurer.
Baja California
Damiana Bitters
Is a powerful aphrodisiac and specific tonic for ths
sexual and urinary organs of both sexes, and a
great remedy for diseases of the kidneys aud blad-
der. A great Restorative, Invigoratorand Nervine.
Sells on its own Merits— no long-winded testi-
monials necessary.
*.-• NABEK, ALFS & BRINE, Agent*.
' 323 Market St.. S.-F.— (eend for Circular.)
HEALTH RESORTS.
■iHoEiimMTARiuC
ST. HELENA. NAPA COUNTY, CAL.
A MTIOML HEALTH RESORT!
Send for Circular.