VOLUME LXXIX.-NO. 138.
SANTA BARBARA'S
BUDS AND BABES
Dimpled Autocrats of the
Nursery Parade in the
Pavilion.
REIGN AMID FLOWERS.
Pretty Little Tots in Decorated
Carriages Win Plaudits
and Trophies.
FLORA'S CHOICE OFFERINGS.
Carnival Guests Gaze Upon a Magni
ficent Collection of California
Plants.
SANTA BARBARA, Cal., April 15.—
"Where does the dust come from?" in
quired a Frenchman who to-day witnessed
•what is an unusual feature of the carnival
season.
"From the Mojave desert," a humorous
native replied.
"Why do they not go out and water the
desert?" was the second question pro
pounded by the foreigner.
The day has been dusty and the wind
has blown incessantly. That has made
little difference, as the programme has
been of indoor entertainment, but it is the
prayer of the natives that the accustomed
calm and pleasant weather be restored to
morrow. The parade and the battle of
flowers would not be improved by the
healthful breezes. Weather experts pre
dict that the wind will not blow.
Santa Barbara is to-night a bewildering
city, with 10,000 more inhabitants than it
had a weak ago. The streets are almost
laden in decorations. Every material that
grows in California in flower-beds, in
fields, in forest or on the distant hills has
been brought into service for the adorn
ment of the city.
Six large loads of hay. being hauled for
decorative purposes, were counted on State
s'r et yesterday afternoon. That gives
an idea of the extent of the decorations,
with a suggestion of the Santa Barbara
citizens' versatility. Hotels are over
crowded, the homes of the people are
filled with guests, but accommodations
will be provided for those who come. The
success of the carnival is assured, the man-
apers say. .. , ..;.. . .. s -p-\
The floral parade will begin at 2 o'clock
to-morrow, to be followed by the battle of
roses. The concluding event of Friday
evening will be the carnival ball.
The Spanish musicians played valiantly
in the further end of the pavilion this af
ternoon, the roof of the large tent-like
structure was kept in furious motion by
the wind that has blown all day, and the
flags and bunting streamers were in con
stant laborious flutter.
Among the roses and the rarer flowers
which were arranged on tables all over the
crash-covered floor, six hundred or more
ladies sat in the movable chairs and con
versed with the escorts for whom no seats
had been provided. In a general way the
scene was that of a fashionable and flower
bedecked audience waiting for a society
circus to begin, but it was in reality ten
circuses that the people were waiting to
see, for there were just ten babies in the
baby parade.
The Spanish band began an old Cas
tiilian lullaby and; that audience arose as
suddenly as if the playful Southern breeze
had succeeded in its attempt to take the
roof away. Every woman said something
endearing and every man exclaimed,
"Twins."
G. E. Sawyer is the postmaster at Santa
Barbara, but as a greater distinction still
he is the father of those twins. The white
carriage that contained the babies had
been built for two. It was richly decor
ated with roses and white ribbons, and in
their floral vehicle the babies, face to face,
were sound asleep. The chubby tots are
Wilbur and Rebecca. A pretty thought
was in having the carriage wheeled by
twins of a decidedly larger growth— two
pretty little girls from Montecito.
The twins were at .the head of the little
procession that went around the audience
a dozen times or more. All the babies
were near the age of 2 years, and if it had
been the duty of the judges to decide
which was the most beautiful the task
would have been far more difficult than
that of deciding which carriage was the
most prettily bedecked. It was the car
riages that were placed in competition for
the silver cup and the babies, like the
roses, were ornaments.
Edessa,. the daughter , of Mr. and Mrs.
W. H. Arne, nestled in her rolling bed of
white roses and cooed at everybody. Mr.
and Mrs. Hey Is' baby, Maud, was stately
and quiet. The carriage seemed to be
made of roses. Pink and white roses
formed the bower in which was Helen.
The baby son of Mr. and Mrs. E. J. Ja
quith—George Russell Mitchell— a
manly looking infant, and the pink roses
were like the color of his cheeks. Mr. and
Mrs. Bean were patriotic enough to send
two babies to the show. They had no
child of 2 years, so they sent one of 3
years and another of 1 year, which made
the average all right. Daniel Bean was
the younger and Raymond the elder.
Emma Bean and Mary Bean, two pretty
little girls, propelled the carriages, which
were decorated with lilac, cloth and wild
flowers that corresponded in color.
The carriages were in tandem, connect
by lilac ribbons. Francis, the pride of
Mr. \ and Mrs. Frank j Maguire. was in a
glorious and nice carriage of nasturtiums.
He sat erect, and the dark brown eyes be
neath his almost golden hair, seemed full
of interest in the proceedings. Mr. and
Mrs. Frank Streeter's baby (Violet) was
among roses of white and pink, and was
too happy to care for the opinion of the
judges. The pretty girls in white who
propelled the carriages, in addition to
those mentioned, were Fern Andrews,
Ethelin Heyl, Helen Nichols, Grace Staf
ford and Mamie Doty.
As the little procession moved in its con-
The San Francisco Call.
tinuous circle the Spanish orchestra re
tired from the stage, and the red-coated
bandmen from the flagship Philadelphia
worked their way through the audience.
"Play something for the babies" suggest
ed an elderly man with a blue badge, and
the leader of the band answered with an
assenting bow.
The stern men of the navy may not be
expected to know all about babies; they
do not dream of sea fights to the music of
the lullaby, but yet they do not shrink
from army duty and the bandmaster's at
tempt on this occasion was as graceful as
he knew how to make it. He played the
famous"'Eleventh Infantry March" and
to the music of the naval band the babies
in the roses moved along, and then a final
circuit was made and on the carriage of
the nasturtiums was placed a trophy, on
which was worked "The Winner."
Baby Maguire was happy, but his
mother was happier and it's a wonder that
the carriage, baby and all were not crushed
in the rush of congratulations. When six
months old this infant won the prize at
the Santa Barbara County baby show.
Nobody would tell who the judges were.
It was not easy to decide which the pret
tiest carriage was. Those covered with
roses were as exquisite as can be imagined,
but, of course, the nasturtiums were gor
geous and made Baby Maguire's buggy
especially prominent. No second cup had
been offered, and that was well for the
judges; but the ladies all said that the
Postmaster's twins deserved a prize. The
baby parade was so entertaining that it
was repeated at the opening of the even
ing concert.
Visitors to the pavilion to-day did not
know whether to marvel most at the won
drous perfection or remarkable variety of
flowers on exhibition. Growths from the
tropics elbowed the homeliest and dearest
of native plants. Wild flowers from the
hills and canyons mingled their fragrance
with the breath of tender exotics; rare
ferns from the islands of the Pacific nodded
in a friendiy way to roses and carnations
bred in European nurseries, and curious
growths from the barren land of Terra del
Fnego stood side by side with the prodigal
yield of our own California gardens.
The Southern California Acclimatizing
Association— that interesting organization
of which Dr. Franchesci is the most active
representative, and which is Bound soon
to lead to the establishment of botanical
gardens here— was represented in a unique
and most fncinating exhibit. For several
years this association has been busily en
gaged in importing from all parts of the
globe valuable and beautiful growths
which it was believed would adapt them
selves to the climate of Southern Califor
nia and thrive vigorously out of doors.
This work has been of necessity experi
mental; but these experiments have
yielded many notable successes", and as a
result Santa Barbara has added to her
wealth some hundreds of shrubs and
plants which have never before been
grown in the United States. A careful
selection of the interesting and attractive
specimen plants was introduced in yester
day's exhibit.'
Along with these the director presented
a number of native plants and shrubs
which deserve a wider appreciation and
culture. Buddleia Madagascarensis, a
climber from Madagascar, has glossy,
pinnated green leaves, with very long
bunches of bright yellow flowers. It is
especially desirable on account of its being
a winter bloomer, flowering all the season.
Another winter bloomer comes from India,
and is called the Hexacentis Mysorensis.
It is also a climber and bears brilliant
scarlet and yellow flowers. A Bignonia
recently brought from England and wholly
new to this country is a climber with
rich, dull purple leaves, exquisitely veined.
The bamboo has taken so kindly to this
soil and climate and lends itself so mar
velously to decoration that many looked
with exceeding interest upon a new species
never before grown in this country—
Bainbusa Pubcscens, with velvety stems
and foliage. A tiny plant with the pre
tentious title of Adiantum Cristitum
Veneris is a recent impoitation from Great
Britain, and is a new species of maiden
hair fern, greatly strengthened and de
veloped.
The most bewitching plant in this ex
hibit, however, was a little native of the
Arizona mountains, known by the sug
gestive name Henchera Sanguinea. It
would almost seem as if we of the Pacific
Coast must go abroad to learn the value of
our own possessions, for it was not until
this plant had made a great sensation
throughout Europe some four or five
years ago and was industriously sought
and cultivated by European florists that it
was heard of in this country, It is a
dainty growth, sending up slender, arrowy
shaft from a cluster of broad- veined leaves
like the saxifrage, and this shaft is
crowned with delicate drooping trumpets
of a vivid coral tint, opening in a 'five
pointed star. Baron i Megastigma, an
Australian plant with exceedingly fra
grant flowers— yellowish brown flowers re
sembling the Fritallarias — was unfortu
nately out of bloom, and only its pretty
leafage could he seen.
A small specimen of the Lyonothamus
Floribundis, that remarkable tree found
only on Santa Cruz Island, and which is
so alien to all of the known growths of the
world that a new order had to be especially
created for it, \ attracted much attention.
A larger specimen now growing in the
grounds of the association is expected to
bloom this season. This tree attains a
growth of from fifty to sixty feet, has ex
quisite, fernlike foliage and bears great
clusters.
A California chestnut— that curious cac
tus vulgarly known as the devil's pincush
ion, which snared the clothing of more
thtn one venturesome spectator— and a
rare species of cactus, the Eehinocactus
Lecontei Fiavisbimus, with yellow spines,
first found in the Mohave desert last year,
together with the quaint pitcher-plant,
native to this State, attracted much atten
tion.
Nothing in the entire pavilion, however,
saving and except the baby show of the
afternoon, could vie in fascination with
that strange growth known as the old
man cactus, or Pilocereus Zenilis. This
extraordinary freak of vegetation was com
pletely draped in long, hoary fibers, and
its knoblike structure causes it to bear the
most absurd likeness to an old man's head
seen from the rear. When the fibrous
growth becomes dingy it has to be washed,
like the genuine article.
The cactus exhibit of Dr. Lorenzo G.
Yates included many rare and unusual
plants.
Two of these— the Cereus speciossimma
and Philocactus feastii— were brilliant with
bloom, the foimer bearing a magnificent
vermilion pendant, bell-like blossom, its
white stamens hanging in an immense
tassel from the center; the latter bearing
SAN FRANCISCO, ; THURSDAY MORNING, APR 16, 1896.
a great rose-colored flower, with a golden
center. The Rhipsalis paradoxi, branching
in a queer, twisting, triangular serpent
like form, was also in bloom, a rare and
interesting sight, for the little snow-white
flowers were precisely like strawberry blos
soms. The Aloe varicosa, its fleshy dark
green foliage studded with minute
white dots, sent a tall spike of blood-red
blossoms, each oddly tipped with green.
The . Antherium scherfczeranum, or fla
mingo plant, streamed its brillant scarlet
petals like a tropical bird in its green set
ting. yy.y-.s--. ..;,...._•,.,<'!
There were a number of rare ferns grow- i
ing vigorously with delicate foliage and
curious markings, and among these was
one about which Dr. Yates tells a good
story on himself. Fifteen years ago he
imported this fern from New Zealand at
considerable expense, but after he had
carefully cherished it for some time he
was aghast at learning that this very
species, the Osmunda Struthiopteris,
Japonica, which he had sent across the
ocean to secure, was also a native of North
America.
Ranking everything in diversity and
unique character was a collection of plants
entered by Mr. Gillespie of Montecito. A
rare palm from Brazil is vulgarly known
as the monkey's dinner bell, owing to the
fact that the fruit splits open with a loud
report, whereupon the monkeys, which
are themselves unable to open the fruit,
always rush for the nuts to secure a feast.
A royal palm of Cuba included in this
exhibit, some nine feet in height, with
leaves like the date palm, is flourishing so
luxuriantly that the possessor seems to
have demonstrated its successful growth
in the open air ot our climate, although it
has heretofore been regarded as a hot
house plant. The most beautiful feature
of this exhibition and one of the most be
wildering sights in the pavilion, always
excepting the babies, was a clarodendro, a
climber from Brazil, covered with bloom,
its curious snow-white calyx closing uoon
the flower in the bud like a tiny, triangu
lar balloon, which bursts open to form a
floating background for a velvety, crimson,
star-like flower. Mr. Gillespie also ex
hibited a small cocoanut tree; a rare sago
palm, the Encipilatos lehmanni, from
South Africa; a specimen of the divon
eduli from Mexico, with sharp cut comb
like leaflets, and numerous interesting
foreign growths, chiefly grown for orna
mental purposes. ,
To the Misses Jennings and Master John
Edwards the public is indebted for the
charming collections of wild flowers which
appeared as fresh as if just brought from
their homes in canyon and on hillsides.
Here were the Brodiaeas, Minor and Capi
tata, the former a lily like growth of deep
blue, veined with purple and nodding on a
slender stem. . -
Dainty golden violets lifted pansy faces,
and delicate Mariposa lilies curved their
pink-tinted petals to disclose their butter
fly markings. 7 Many, who looked through
this collection for the first time made the
acquaintance of the Piatystemon Califor
nica, a true California poppy, although it
resembles nothing so much as a wildwood
anemone of New England forest, albeit
lacking the pink flush of the latter and
having its fragile stem furred.
This da inty flower fairly carpets the mesas
of the channel islands in springtime.
Wild mustard and the bright yellow of
wild rape; the gay little yellow daisy,
with its white-tipped petals, known as
tidy-tips; the blood-red blossomed, slen
der-throated and star-mouthed pink, the
Silene Californica; dwarf Gillias, the royal
white blossoms of the Clematis Lasiantha,
the brilliant colors of the painter s brush,
sweet wild roses, gorgeous spikes of lark
spur, the magenta blossoms of the hum
mingbird flower, brilliant little sunflowers,
the fuschia-like red sprays of the wild
gooseberry, the homely, old-fashioned red
clover and the pure gold of the poppy
combined to teach that our native wild
flowers, if -: properly cultivated and nur
tured, would rival any flowers in the land.
Among the cut flowers, Mrs. Dr. Halt's
.A. B .A. ID G-A.SE.
table led in beauty and variety. Roses,
carnations, and other popular blossoms,
were here seen in their utmost perfection ;
but interest centered upon a few rare and
curious flowers. A Solanum from India
was notable for its great leaves, shaped
precisely like those or the white oak, but
bronzed underneath, its starry white
flowers, with peaked <olden pistil, 1 clus
tered about the heart of the plant. ■.; f
A. traveler and a botanist remarked that
he saw here for the first time in this coun
try the flowers of the Robinia Pseudo
Acacia, or pink locust, which originated in
Paris a year or two ago, as well as the
Robinia Hispida, with blossoms of a deep
rose and furry stems, which give it its dis
tinctive name. A choice shrub from Mex
ico, the Choisya Ternata, has blossoms
which, in aspect and perfume, bear
a remarkable resemblance to ' the
orange, and the plant is now being
extensively grown in Paris as a substitute
for the latter on account of its easy culti
vation. A small but vivid yellow flower
proved to be a Barberry, a native of Terra
del Fuego, which has borne transplanting
from that frigid land to Southern Califor
nia with wonderful equanimity, flourish
ing here as well as in its native soil.
Miss Blake's table had few rare plants,
but displayed a wealth of common culti
vated flowers grown to perfection. Her
pelargoniums and carnations and roses
were of marked beauty. Double esch
scholtzias, sprays of the cedar of Lebanan
and a great flowering spike of the classical
acanthus were the unique features.
Mrs. Neal of Montecito exhibited a large
variety of garden flowers of great perfec
tion and beauty— carnations, roses, helio
trope, double petunias, pelargoniums,
gaillardias, calliopsys and an exquisite
wild flower from Santa Cruz Island,
Erigerium maritium, marigold, scented,
with a whirl of golden stamens and fine
aster petals of lilac tint.
Mrs, Neal is known as one of the most
successful growers in this vicinity, and a
couple of specimens ;of John Sievers*
famous rainbow rose, exhibited by her
to-day. far surpassed any that have ever
been seen at San Francisco floral shows. *
Joseph J. Perkins, a prominent citizen
of Santa Barbara, offered a charming ex
hibit from his own garden, including some
fine navel oranges, which took the first
prize. The Misses Tierney and Mrs.
Charles Woodbridge had collections of
roses of exquisite form and j coloring, and
Mrs. Sexton presented an interesting dis
play of wild flowers from Ventura County.
John Spence had a large display of su
perb flowers and plants occupying . the
center stand. Professor T. N. Snow dis
played many fine roses, not named, and a
remarkably pretty collection of cinerarias.
A small exhibit of fruit added variety to
the programme. "..'.
Although this is the poorest season of
the year for fruit a considerable variety
was shown. : y .y. .''.'".
The Messrs. Shepard Bros, of Mountain
View ranch, Casitas Pass, made a veritable
sensation with specimen strawberries of
the scarlet chief— enormous, bright red
berries. J. E. Shepard exhibited Eureka
lemons in all stages,- from the tree to the
final curing. A single specimen measured
13 inches by 14'_ inches in circumference.
F. J. Barker had golden dates and some
tremendous citrons of commerce. Joseph
Sexton exhibited -Araona Cherimoias or
custard apples. William Ferl showed some
fine limes and bananas from his pictur
esque plantation in Montecito. I. B. Pierce
exhibited sweet-rind lemons and the
Misses Tierney showed fine specimens of
this fruit, as wall as some superb speci
mens of grape fruit.
G. B. Parma brought from his Monte
cito ranch of Villa Franc great • navel
oranges, Mediterranean sweets, St.-Mich
aels, Eureka lemons and loquata. Follow
ing is a complete list of all exhibitors: \~
John Spence, William Ferl, Mrs. Sexton, 1,. G.
Yates, Dr. Franceschi, '-■ Miss Jennings, Mrs.
Charles Woodbridge. Misses Sproiil and Yates,
Shepard Brothers, Mrs. L Dr. Hull, Mrs. A. A.
Nicholson, Miss Hazard, I. B.Pierce, G. W. Gil
lespie, Mr. Johnson, Mrs. Wide, Mrs. Neal, Mrs.
Beach, Mrs. E. L. Baker, C. M. Gidney, Master
John Edwards, G. B. Parma, Miss Jennie Crane,
Miss Xeal, J. E. Shepard, the Misses Tierney,
Mrs. M. A. Ashley.
The awards were as follows:
. Roses,' named varieties— First premium, Mrs.
: Xeal; second, the Misses Tierney.
Plants in pots or boxes, best collection
! First, G.W.Gillespie. .
Cut flowers in variety— First premium, Mrs.
I E. J. Hall; second, Miss Xeal.
Wild flowers, named, best collection— First,
Miss F. Jennings.
Wild, flowers, unnamed, best collection
! First, Miss Jennings; second, Master John Ed
wards. .
Foreign ferns, growing, best collection— First,
Dr. L. G. Yates. i'-A-ry
Pansies, cut flowers, best display— Jennie
Crane.
- Best bouquet of roses— C. M. Gidney.
• Best bouquet of mixed flowers— Misses Sproul
and Yates.
Rosebud, best-named variety— Miss Xeal.
• In the classes devoted to professionals, John
j Spence carried off all the prizes.
California plants and flowers, in pots or in
boxes, first premium, Dr. Franceschi.
Cactus, best display, Dr. L. G. Yates.
Best display of shrubs, flowers, vines, etc.,
not included in any other class, Dr, Franceschi.
Oranges, largest number of named varieties
grown in Santa Barbara County, G. B. Parma.
Best variety or oranges, named, J. J. Per
kins, ,'V!.V'
Best display named varieties of lemons,
Shepard Bros.
Best display named varieties of lemons,
Shepard Bros.; second premium, G. B. Parma.
Best display of limes, William Ferl.
Best display of loquats, G. B. Parma.
Best display of citrons, I. B. Pierce.
Best display of fresh strawberries, J. E. Shep
ard. ..-.i
Best display of tropical fruits, William Ferl.
Special (sweet peas), Mrs. A. A. Xickerson.
Eight cars, including four Pullmans, all
loaded with- passengers, came in on to
night's train, hotel busses were stand
ing at the depot, but the drivers did not
call or bid for custom. To-morrow another
large excursion will arrive.
Prominent visitors at the carnival are :
- Prominent visitors at the carnival are:
Admiral Beardslee and the Philadelphia
officers; Geerge E. Baldwin, Los Angeles;
Charles Doulton, Hueneme; : G. Wit
kowski, San . Francisco; G. M. : Buel,
San Francisco; E. I. Cailery, San
Francisco; H. M. Delany, Los An
geles: N. H.Ward, Naples; Mrs. Coleman,
San Francisco: R. A. Wickenden, Los An
geles; H. B. Cromwell.Los Angeles; H. B.
Rice, . Fairbrook ; Arthur Ward, N. A.
Fixen, Los Alamos; W. Feliz, Los Alamos;
S. T. Coiner, Los Alamos; J. W. Little,
Point Conception ; S. Donald, Los Angeles;
W. W. Eggert, Los Angeles; C. S. Atwood,
Vermont; James E. Reynolds, El Rio;
Arthur Coventry, Los Angeles; E. F.
Knapp and W. K. Worcester, New Jersey;
John . Spiers, Los Angeles; Miss Moul
hardt, Ventura; 'W.J. Mead, San Fran
cisco; J. F. Bohrneman, San Francisco;
John Thompson, A.8.5., Oakland ; T. F.
Hughes, , San Francisco; W. J. Kincaid,
San;- Francisco; Thomas A. Geary, Los
Angeles; R. J. Hawkins, Los Angeles; P.
Covarrubias, Ventura; R. Strathearn, Los
Angeles; B. A. Blake, Carpinteria; Porter
D. Castle, U. S. N., Portland, Or.; Mrs. S.
E. Champlin, Fairbury, Nebr- ; Mrs. E.
J. Pratt, St. , Louis, Mo. ; Mrs. J. G.
Grove, Delaware; O. R. E. Jones,
San t Francisco; W. A. Henderson,
Los Angeles; C. L. Whipple and wife. Los
Angeles; C. Shepherd, Los Angeles; R. F.
Delvalle,; Camulos;.. A. H. Roberts, Los
Angeles; E. Webster and wife, Buffalo,
N. V.; Mrs. M. Griffith, Buffalo, N. V.;
Joseph H. .Shadon and wife, Mrs. A. B.
Jagus, Mrs. Ida F. Perkins and L. Haw
kins and wife, Minneapolis, Minn.; Wil
liam von-Voss, San Francisco; R. N. Car
ter, Los Angeles; J. B. Houck, San Fran
cisco; Frank A. C. Ivil'e, Los Angeles;
G. R. Delvalle, Miss Ida M. Morris, Phce
nixville, Pa.: Miss Waldron, Sunkirk, N.
J.; Miss Hayes, Sunkirk, N. J.: F. B. El
berson, Los Angeles; J. Hetherington, Los
Angeles ; C. Samuelson, Los Angeles ; R. G.
Bod man, Southern Pacific Company ; J. E.
Wooley, San Francisco; S. Loomis, San
Francisco ; Mrs. Howell, San Francisco ; J.
A. -Williams, San Francisco; B. Cikle,
Chicago; A. G. Case, Charles City, Iowa;
Mrs. F. E. Barney and children, Minne
apolis, Minn.; T. A. Watson and wife,
Boston; W. A. Henderson, Los Angeles;
S. McDonald, Los Angeles; F. M. Ru
dolph, Lompoc; H. S. Chesire, Lompoc;
Ed de la Cuesta and family, Santa Y nez;"
Charles Springer, Raton, N. Mex.; Mrs.
H. M. Letts and daughter, Raton, N.
Mex. ; S. S. Phillips, Arroyo Grande; L.
Block, Arroyo Grande; Dr.: H. C. DimocK
and wife, Lompoc; P. J. McCormick, Los
Angeles; W. J. ;tsallard, Los Angeles;
Mrs. L. Kimball, Los Angeles; R. D.
McQuiddy, San Francisco; Mrs. A. A.
Morgan, Los Angeles; Mrs. W. T. Baker,
Los Angeles; Mrs. Guerin and child, San
Fernando; Ada B. Lake, Santa Maria;
Clara McMee. Lompoc; T. F. Norton, Los
Angeles; R. J. Hawkins, Los Angeles; J.
B. Parke, H. S. Rudolph and wife, Lom
poc; Arthur Rudolph, Lompoc; Edward
Rudolph, Lompoc: J. de la Questa, wife
and.'children, B. de la Questa, Santa Ynez;
W. W. Gillingham, La Patera mine; A. S.
Bell, La Patera mine; J. P.Davenport and
wife, Los Angeles; D. Blackburn and
wife, Ventura; A. A. Willis and wife,
Fresno; E. S. Slates, Los Angeles;
John Morgan, Los Angeles; C. M.
Burr, Los Angeles; Mr. and Mrs.
L. A. Giddin^s, Colorado Springs;
Mrs. WhitaKer, New York; Mr. and Mrs.
W. Price. Colorado Springs; H. M. Hughes
and wife, Eagle Grove, Iowa; Dr. W. A.
Turner and wife, Pasadena; Louis Spader
and son, Ojai Valley; L. R. Willoughby
and wife, Ventura; L. A. White and wife,
Ventura; J. Westbrood Jr., St. Louis;
Mrs. Elurt, Montecito; C. A. Seay, Car
pinteria; Oscar Stewart, Carpinteria; Mrs.
M. J. Myers, Beliville, 111. ; Mrs. Ed L.
Thomas, Beliville, 111.; Miss Margaret
Thomas. Beliville, 111. ; W. B. Bone, San
Francisco; S. L. Smith, Ojai Valley; S.
Keelipe, Ojai Valley; B. R. Brant, San
Francisco; David Henderson, Carpinteria;
S. B. Carleton, Ventura; G. T. Jordan, G.
M. Pierpoint, Ojai Valley; J. M. Manson,
Colton; H. Pflueger, Boston; Miss Lupa
Macy. Oakland ; W. H. Collins, Oakland ;
J. I. Palmer, Oakland ; Mrs. J. M. Patter
son, San Jose; Al Williams, San Fran
cisco; Robert Johnson, San Francisco:
Harry Dean, Chicago ; Mr. Behram and
wife, Los Angeles; M. Kinnery, San
Diego; M. E. Palmer, San Diego; R. H.
Allen, Oakland; L. M. Reed, Janesville,
Ohio; William Sanderwek, San Luis
Obispo; Professor D. M. Bristol, Bris
tols; H. Show, S. R. Waite, Los
Alamos; A.M.Mitchell, San Francisco;
J. B. Laher, San Francisco; William
Feliz, Los Alamos; Miss Beierholm, Lom
poc; J. English and wife, Santa Maria; J.
Johnson and wife, Chicago; J. C. Neilson,
Los Angeles; H. F. Quinn, Ventura;
Captain E. More, Santa Maria; J. H.
Stiliwell, Riverside; Dr. A. M. Sherman,
Kent, Ohio; D. P. Allen, Lemars, Iowa;
F. M. Rudolph, H. S. Cherrie, Lompoc;
O. A. Wadleigli, Hueneme; R. H. Griffith
and wife, Ojai Valley; Miss Effie Griffith,
Miss Laura Griffith, Ojai Valley; William
G. Griffith, Ojai Valley; H. A. Averill and
wife,' Lompoc; "William Bailey, Lompoc:
Thomas S. Wood, Ciaremont; Mr. and
Mrs. Harry H. Wheeler, Ciaremont; John
Tirelman and wife, Los Angeles; S. L.
Smith, Ojai Valley; C. L. Clark, Los An
geles; R. H. Allen, Oakland; Theodore
Parvin and wife, Saticoy; Mrs. R. H. Tut
tle, Maccaline, Mo.; Lena E. Broxen,
Acin, Minn.; Miss G. Sheehan, Cham
paign, 111. ; Ed Mulvey, San Diego; Lewis
Gribble, Colorado; S. F. Oglesby, Car
penteria; •A. Davies. Toll House; J. R.
Palmer, Toll House; Mrs. S. S. Law,
Miss Law, Chicago; Miss J. C. Brown,
Los Angeles; Wilson T. Baldwin, P. I.
Company ;W. Wade, Pasadena; E. W.
Sparrow, Michigan; Mrs. George E. Ram
say, Michigan; George M. Worth, Los
Angeles; G. H. iJhendorf, Atlantic, Iowa;
George E. Dornburg, Long Beach; L. R.
Mezgar and wife, Pittsburg; Mrs. N. T.
Gurge, Pittsburg; Dr. Nannie E. Clark,
Los Angeles; Dr. A. G. Clark, Los Ange
les; Junius W. Hyero, Los Angeles; Dr.
G. W. Kelley, Boston ; Lewis Spader and
son, Ojai Valley; W. W. Schuyler, Lompoc ;
Milton Schuyler, Lompoc; F. W. Lynch
and Mrs. James Lynch, San" Luis Obispo;
Captain Moore and wife, Santa Maria;
Mrs. Hartman, Santa Ynez; C. A. Hig
gins and wife, Santa Ynez; J. M. Cunnel
and two ladies, Chicago; J. M. Morton,
Ventura; A. C. Fitzell, San Francisco; C.
E. Carter and wife, Lompoc; Mrs. W. G.
Robinson, Lompoc; Mrs. Short, Lompoc;
Charles Diel, J. L. McFarland, Pasadena;
William H. Bliss and wife, New York;
Miss Barnes, Miss Mildred Barnes, Julius
Levy, Los Angeles; Dr. L. C. Harvey, Mrs.
Harvey, Buffalo, N. V. ; Miss Harvey, Mrs.
James R. Brevoort, Yonkers, N. V. ; Mrs.
L. Brevoort, Yonkers, N. V. : Mrs. George
Sherman, Burlington, Iowa; Mr. and Mrs.
L. C. Pattee, Winchester. Mass. Miss F.
S. Perley, Lebanon, Vt, ; Mrs. S. H. Web
ster, Miss L. Dickens, Mrs. A. W. Moulton,
Mrs. A. A. Martin, Mrs. E. H. Thomas,
San Francisco; Mrs. EL P. Buckingham,
Vacaville; Mrs. I. J. Mead, A. L. Frick,
Oakland; Miss N. Minor, J. Levy, San
Francisco; J. L. Perley and wife, River
side; Charles A. Tait, San Francisco;
Thomas H. Rooney and wife, San Fran
cisco; Mrs. Martin Windsor, Portland,
Or.; Miss A. L. Atwood, Portland, Or.;
Mrs. Bolivar Lovell, , Walpole, N. H. : F.
T. Sherman and wife, Chicago; W. B.
Fay, Worcester. Mass.; Samuel Adler,
South Bend, Ind.; S. E. Swayne, Rich
mond, Ind.; Mrs. C. H. Bunker, Chicago;
Miss Bunker, Chicago; Miss G. H. Dan
iels, New York; Mrs. L. B. Hamlin, Elgin,
111.; Mrs. Lazard Lion, San Jose; Miss
Estella Lion, San Jose; Ernest L. Lion
and wife, San Jose; Mrs. Fred W. Moore,
San Jose; Mrs. John Joyce, Columbus, 0.;
Mrs. W. J. Burns, Columbus, 0.; Mrs. M.
J. Church, Santa Fe; F. E. Bangham and
wife, Oakland; Mrs. B. Pezzoni, Guada
lupe; Dr. J. McGrail, Goleta; B. Dickens,
Richmond, Va. ;'. R. .W. Plummer and
wife, Mrs. R. H. Lambert, Mrs. R. L. Rig
don, San Francisco; H. Y. Witbeck and
wife, San Francisco: P. L. Archibald, San
Francisco; Mrs. S. Lane, Chicago; Miss
Lane, Chicago; Mrs. L. M. Jones, Rich
mond, Va. ; Mrs. J. W. Remy, Richmond,
Ind.; F. E. Lynchfielu and wife, Boston;
R.W.Vaughn and wife.Chulavista; Dr.C. S.
Wardell and wife, Stamford, Conn. ; H.
D. Hirschlauer and wife, Pasadena; Miss
May Newton, Pasadena; Miss W. E.
Stevens and Mr. and Mrs. Austin E. Wing,
Detroit; Mrs. W. F. Chichester, Los An
geles ; Miss D. P. Dunn, New York; Mr.
and Mrs. Harry Gray, Cairo, 111.; Mrs.
Gratefend, San Francisco; Andrew Mc-
Nally and wife. Chicago; E. S. Neff, Chi
cago; Fred G. McNally, Chicago; D. R.
Cameron, Chicago; Miss Cameron, Chicago;
C.P. Roraback, Pasadena; H. M. Greene,
Pasadena; Mrs. H. - C. Whitehead, Los
Angeles; Mrs. G. C. Gunn, Kansas City;
Edwin S. Brown, Philadelphia; H. E.
Deane, Berkeley; M. J. Petero, Pittsburg;
M. A. Russell, Massachusetts; A. F. Rus
sell. Sterling, 111.; Mrs. H. J. Flower, Chi
cago ; E. R. Ayers and wife, Los Angeles.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
WOUNDS MAYOR
AND MARSHAL.
Vengeance of a Colorado
Man Pursued by a A
Creditor.
SHOOTS AT A LAWYER.
Misses the Mark and an Attempt
Is Made to Place Him
Under Arrest.
HE RESISTS WITH BULLETS.
Escapes From the Town, but Is Killed
by a Member of a Posse of
Citizens.
CENTRAL CITY, Colo., April 15.—
city was the scene of intense excitement
this morning, caused by the death of one
man and the serious wounding of two
others, one of whom will probably die. At
10 o'clock Sam Covington and Noah Driver
went to the law office of J. M. Searight.
Searight had been trying to collect a bill
from Covington. When Covington en
tered the lawyer's office he' drew two re
volvers from his pockets and leveled them
at the attorney, demanding that he make
out a receipt for the bill without receiving
any money. The attorney demurred and
two shots were fired, neither of them
taking effect, both passing through the
floor.
The authorities were notified and the
the City Marshal, M. F. Keleher, hurried
to the 3cene as rapidly as possible. Upon
entering the room he was immediately
shot by Covington, who started away and
ran downstair., meeting at the street
entrance ex-Mayor Dick Williams, who
endeavored to stop him. The revolvers
were brought into play again and Wil
liams fell wounded. Then the desperate
man started for the hills.
As rapidly as possible a posse was or
ganized to i 'low him. About halfway
between this city and Nevadaville he was
overtaken by Henry Lehman, who shot
and killed him instantly upon his refusal
to surrender.
The ball has been removed from Mayor
Williams' body and there is a fair chance
that he will recover. Marshal Keleher'g
wounds are considered fatal and a tele
gram was sent to Denver for Dr. John G.
Boyce, who will come here on a special
train to attend the wounded men. Cov
ington'has been a resident of this place
only for about a year and had always been
considered a quiet, well behaved citizen, '
not at all given to drinking. His body lies '
at the Coroner's office.
HAND-TO-HAND BATTLES.
Sanguinary Encounters in Which
Very Few Are Killed or
Wounded.
Guerrillas Captured by Insurgents.
Spanish Officers Are Promoted
for Valor.
HAVANA, Cuba, April 15.— Colonel
Pintos reports that his command had a
fight with a party of insurgents under
Maceo near Pozo Recondo in Havana
province. The engagement terminated in ■
a band-to-hand encounter in which the 4
rebels fought desperately with machetes, j
The result, according to Colonel Pintos* '
reports, was that the rebels lost ten killed, ',
while the Government force had only one
man wounded.
A party of guerrillas, while foraging near |
Matanzas, encountered a superior force of i
the enemy, and a battle followed in which
six of the guerrillas were killed and one)
was wounded. The column commanded]
by Lieutenant-Colonel Navarro came toj
the assistance of the guerrillas, and the]
combined Government forces routed tho]
rebels.
A band of fourteen guerrillas, while on a-j
foraging expedition in the vicinity of Las]
Vegas, Province of Havana, was surprised]
by a party of rebels 1000 strong under the]
leader Castillos.
They made a brave defense, but only;
three of their number escaped, ten being!
killed and one wounded. \
It is said that Lieutenant-Colonel Debos*
and Captain Crebe have been promoted fori
their valor in the recent battle near]
Lechuza.
It is reported that some of Maceo's
forces made an attack upon the trocha
near the south of the line yesterday, but
were compelled to retire by tho gunboat j
Almendares and the launch Dardo, aided:
by land forces.
A IXIBASIKOUS DEFEAT.
Spaniards Admit That They Suffered a
JCepulae at Lechuza.
HAVANA, Cuba, April 15 (via Key
West, Fla., April 15.)— The Spanish ad
mit that the Lechuza affair was one of the
most disastrous battles of ths war.
The actual loss is still unknown. Maceo
had been encamped upon the hills around
Lechuza, fifteen miles west of the trocha,
for eight days. Weyler had 30,000 men
along the trocha awaiting a rebel attempt
to cross, with 10,000 others in reconnoiter
ing columns under General Incian.
Colonel Debos was ordered to operate. a
combination attack upon Maceo. Debos
attacked, relying upon others to support
him.
Incian arrived after Debo3 had been
driven thirteen miles, surrounded by
Maceo's men and under a constant fire of
seven hours.
Debos made a last stand at the stone
sugar-house, on the shore of Cabanas Bay.
General Incian, aided by a gunboat, saved
the remnant from annihilation. Colonel
Sanchez Echavarria was ordered court
martialed, owing to his failure to arrive ia
time.2
CONVENTIONS
AND PLATFORMS
Nebraska Politicians Are
for McKinley All the
Time.
THE POLITICAL MOSES
A Free Silver Plank in the
Platform Is Carried With
a Shout.
PLUCKY COLORADO DEMOCRATS
Will Vacate Their Seats at Chicago
Should the Silver Question Be
Ignored.
OMAHA, Nebr., April 15.— The action
of the Nebraska Republican Delegate Con
vention held here this evening must be
taken as meaning the repudiation of the
McKinley-Manderson compromise and the
acknowledgment by the Republican party
that Senator John M. Thurston is its most
popular son. General Manderson s name
will not be mentioned at St. Louis and
Nebraska will send a solid delegation to
the National Convention pledged for Mc-
Kinley first, last and all the time.
The action of the convention on the
financial question was foretold in The
United Press dispatches sent out yester
day. The matter created a great deal of
dissension, and much personal feeling was
shown before the Question of inserting a
silver plank or not was decided.
The convention was called to order at 8
o'clock by John T. Mallalieu, acting chair
man. W. P. McCreary of Hastings was
introduced as temporary chairman, and
during the course of his address said :
"There has never been a time since 1865
when the people were so serious and so
much in earnest over campaign issues as
to-day. The question was the American
home and family on one side the European
homes and families on tbe other. The
people are now. as in 1865, seeking a Moses
to lead them out of the difficulty which
surrounded them, but that no machine
politicians were looked to to acomplish
this. The people of the State have de- j
clared by their votes that they want the |
great protectionist of Ohio to lead them in !
the presidential fight. [Applause] What j
the people want is the demonetization of !
Democracy and the free and unlimited j
coinage of Republicanism."
J. M. Gillam of Omaha was made ter- j
porary secretary. Senator Thurston moved j
that a committee of seven be appointed |
on resolutions, and that all resolutions be i
referred to this committee without discus- '
sion, which motion caused a fight between
the radical free-silver men and the conser
vative wing. Ex-Governor Crounse be
lieved that this move was a scheme to I
eliminate all discussion of a free-silver \
plauk. The motion, however, was carried j
with a shout.
The following platform was adopted:
The Republicans of Nebraska, In convention '
assembled, congratulate the country upon tne |
certain return of the Republican party to |
power and rejoice that our land Is to be speed- !
ily redeemed from the disasters and sufferings j
of Democratic incompetency, error and mis
rule.
This Is the year of the people, and the people j
demand that their great champion, William j
McKinley, shall be nominated and elected
President of the United States.
We reaffirm our loyalty to the declared prin- I
ciples of the Republican party and to those of '
the great American policies for which our
party always stands.
We pledge ourselves in advance to the plat
form ot the forthcoming National Republican
Convention, believing that it will declare
against the free and unlimited coinage of sil
ver and tor the currency of gold, silver and
paper, "as sound as the Government and as
untarnished as its honor," and for that Ameri
can system of protection and reciprocity of
which William McKinley is the best living ex
ponent, ana under which our people attained
the greatest National and individual pros
perity.
We assert that the Republican narty stands
for the supremacy of the constitution of the
United States, the maintenance of law and
order, the protection of every American citizen
in his right to live, to labor and vote; a vigor
nous foreig nolicy.the enforcement of the Mon
roe doctrine, the restoration of our merchant
marine, American markets for American
products, the Governmental supervision
and control of transportation lines and
rates; the protection of the people
from all unlawful combination and unjust ex
action of aggregated capital and corporate
power; a pension policy just and generous to
our living heroes and the widows and orphans
of their dead comrades; coast defense against
foreign navies, pauper immigration and the
products of cheap foreign labor; a rigid ob
servation of our naturalization laws.
We extend our sympathies to the struggling
patriots of Cuba in their heroic efforts to es
tablish a Government of the people, and we
demand the recognition of their rights as bel
ligerents by the National administration
We remit all presentation of State issues to
the convention called for the nomination of
State officers, pledging ourselves to support its
nominees and assuring the country that Ne
braska is a Republican State.
The chair appointed a committee on
resolutions, with John M. Thurston as
chairman.
Enemies of the Senator and .Manderson's
followers introduced a resolution reflecting
upon the manner in which Thurston had
attempted to dictate to the Republican
party in Nebraska. Responses made to
his alleged ambition to become Vice-Presi
dent or obtain a seat in the Cabinet were
loudly applauded, while sentiments derog
atory to his character were hissed, and ul
timately the resolution was .tabled amidst
great confusion.
A motion by Thurston, that three of the
four delegates at large be chosen by accla
mation, carried, and the names of Peter
Jansen of Fairbury, T. B. Kennard of Lin
coln and Johu L. Webster of Omaha were
selected.
COLORAIiO DEMOCRATS.
They Have But One Resolution— trie
Coinage of Silver.
DENVER, Colo., April 15.— The dele
gation selected by the Democratic State
convention held in this city to-day to
represent the party in the National con
vention in Chicago carry with them but
one resolution, that being a demand for
the restoration of the coinage of silver.
The chairman of the delegation, Hon. C.
S.Thomas, after being nominated by ac
clamation, declared in an impassioned
speech that unless this issue be accepted
he would immediately resign his seat in j
the convention. This sentiment met !
with such a heaity applause that it is sup- j
posed Aat the other members of the dele
gation will feel oound to do likewise.
The routine work of the convention was
without incident and there was no trouble
in securing a unanimous report from the
committee on resolutions.
After C. S. Tnomas had been elected
chairman of the delegation, and had made
his position clear to the convention, trou
ble arose over the selection of three other
delegates at large. The Arapahoe delega
tion, which had been instructed by the
county convention yesterday to vote as a
unit upon all questions, refused to abide
by this rule, and the convention could not
decide the matter to its own satisfaction.
In the midst of the discussion a recess was
taken to 7:45 o'clock. The. resolutions
were as follows:
The Democracy of Colorado in convention
assembled declare:
First— unwavering devotion to all the
principles of the Democratic faith, as laid
down by Thomas Jefferson and Andrew Jack
son.
Second— That the evils that now oppress the
people are a direct result, of a • departure from
the true principles of Democracy; that thp
policy inaugurated by the Republican party
for the contraction of the currency and for
many years continued by it to the gradual and
certain impoverishment of the people in the
face of steadfast opposition from the Demo
cratic party, but adopted and approved by the
present administration, has resulted in the
creation of an enormous bonded debt in a
period of profound peace, visiting a deadly
blight on every industry, and carrying dis
couragement and dismay into the household
of every wealth producer in the land; that
there never can be a condition of general wel
fare until the volume of a sound and stable
currency is equal to the demand of industrial
and commercial pursuits; that the first step
in this direction should be the immediate
restoration of silver to the place it occupied
in tha currency of the world for centuries
previous to 1873. r>
We therefore favor the Immediate restora
tion of the free and unlimited coinage of gold
and silver at the present legal ratio of 16 to 1,
as such coinage existed prior to 1573, without
waiting for the aid or consent of another
such gold and silver to be a full legal tender
for all debts, public and private.
Hon. C. S. Thomas has been a member
of the National Committee for many years,
In his speech to-day he stated as to his
personal conviction that, no man can be a
Democrat and be opposed to the free coin
age of silver, and until that question is
settled there is no room for the considera
tion of any other question. "I will go to
Chicago," said he, "to do all in my power
to see~that this principle is crystallized in
the National platform for the coming cam
paign. If that convention shall say that
the policy of J. Pierpont Morgan and John
Lherman is the true Democratic policy,
then my duty compels me to say that" I
shall withdraw from it. They might as
well declare by resolution that the McKin
ley tariff is a Democratic principle. And
though I withdraw, I shall still believe I
am a Democrat of the Thomas Jefferson
kind.
The delegates at large are T. I. O'Don
nell, Denver; Adai I. Wilson, Durango; B.
0. Sweeney. Trinidad. Congressional dele
gates: K. W. Snear, Denver; E. J. Mc-
Carty, Leadville; H. H. Seldenridge, Col
orado Springs, and E. J. Hallett, Aspen.
SIX IE EX TO OXE.
Missouri Democrats iVant Free Silver
rsouri Democrats iTant Free Silver
anil Bland for President.
SEDALIA, Mo., April 15.— Free silver—
16 to 1. This tells the whole story of the
Democratic State Convention. The ring
of the white metal is the music to which
the Democrats of Missouri must march
this fall— free silver and "Silver Dick"
Bland for President. is the music to which
Democrats of Missouri must march
fall — free silver and "Silver Dick"
nd for President,
Never before was a convention better or
ganized previous to being called to order,
never before was a convention more of one
mind and never before did a convention
follow more absolutely the lines marked
out for it by the managers.
Governor William J. Stone proposed the
indorsement of Richard Park Bland for
the Democratic nomination for President
I for it by managers, him by ac
jvernor William J. Stone proposed the
>rsement of Richard Park Bland for
Democratic nomination for President
the convention indorsed him by ac
clamation. The deiegat-s did no t know
until the last moment this would be done,
as Mr. Bland has repeatedly said that he
' would not allow it. but when they saw
that it was in the cards they acquiesced
with a cheer.
There was no wild scene such as some
times marks such conventions, but never
theless, a strong sound of applause.
Everything went as every one knew it
would go. A handful of sound-money men
caused a little ripple in the silvery stream
by announcing their position, but that
was all. The resolutions were adopted as
they came from the committee on resolu
tions, and they are strong enough to satisfy
the most enthusiastic silver man who ever
shouted for 16 to 1.
Fifteen hundred persons were crowded
into Woods' Opera-house, with a seating
capacity of 800, when the Democratic State
Convention to elect delegates to the Na
tional Convention at Chicago was called to
order by Chairman Maffitt at 12:35 o'clock.
Hon. William M. Hatch was named as
temporary chairman ana made a speech
in. the interest of free silver. His ref
erences to the services of ex-Congressman
Bland were received with tumultuous
cheers. The first business of the conven
tion was the calling of delegates by Con
gressional districts. The call showed that
the only "sound money" delegates were
from St. Louis and the convention began
an animated discussion as to whether
their credentials should be recognized.
After the appointment of the usual com
mittees the convention took a recess till
2:30 p.m.
While the committee on resolutions was
being appointed one of the most sensa
tional scenes ever witnessed on a public
platform was enacted.
j Of the fifteen members of the committee
I Isaac H. Lionberger of St. Louis was found
to be a gold bug. On a motion that the
1 committee be ratified by investigation,
I Delegates Lionberger, Devoy and Frost
I pleaded for the former's recognition. Dele-
I gate Devoy read a long instrument in be
half of Lionberger. He warned the con
vention that they could not afford to
Devoy read a long instrument in be
of Lionberger. He warned the con
ion that they could not afford to
I trample on the minority. He warned
' them that they could not afford to lose
many more Democratic votes.
A storm of hisses followed this implied
threat. Catcalls echoed and re-echoed
all over the house. During this scene a
dozen men were on their feet. Colonel
Nicholas M. Bell was among them. He
demanded to be allowed to be beard.
Chairman Mafhtt, who was sitting on the
stage during Bell's efforts to be heard,
yelled, "Sit down !"
"Oh, you keep cool," Bell shouted back.
Maffitt shook his fist at the silver leader
and said, "You turncoat, you."
In an impassioned speech Colonel Bell
explained the manner in which the fftee
silver delegations were elected in St. Louis.
From his view of the case Delegate Lion
berger had no right on the committee.
Just after Mr. Bell finished sneaking he
stepped up among the press tables to get a
glass of water. Maffitt walked over to the
edge of the platform and, lean over,
said something to him. Bell bad the glass
in his hand, full of water. He let it fly in
Maffitt 's face. The latter said nothing,
but wiped his face with bis handkerchief
and moved back. Some of the water hit
Chairman Hatch and Secretary Pollard
and wet the records. After this scene Bell
left the hall.
The convention reassembled at 4:15 p. m.
A number of resolutions of instruction to
the platform committee were offered, but
the chair ruled that they could not be of
fered regularly until a permanent organ
ization was effected.
Short addresses were made by "silver
tongued" orators, when Governor Stone
came forward with a set of typewritten
resolutions indorsing Richard P. Bland
for President. The Governor was received
with tumultuous roars. He said the
resolutions set forth Mr. Bland's ser
vices to the cause of free silver, the belief
that this will be the leading issue in the
National campaign, and the personal
qualities of Bland, which it is supposed fit
mm for the Presidency. Governor Stone
said that as a personal friend of Bland he
took pride in offering the resolutions. He
hoped and believed free-silver delegates
would organize the Chicago convention
and nominate Bland, "the foremost free
silver advocate in America, for President."
A rising vote was taken and every one
rose except Graham Frost of St. Louis and
one or two others. The applause which
greeted Bland's nomination was much
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, APRIL 16, 1896.
less than that accorded Governor Stone
himself. Showalterof .Lafayette offered a
resolution instructing the Missouri mem
ber of the National Committee to vote for
no man for temporary chairman of the
Chicago convention not known to be a
free-silver man. 7-7
This was aimed at ex-Governor D. R.
Francis, who is said to have been slated
for the place named. There were but five
votes against the resolution, all before
from St. Louis. -' .•:"■• y
When the chairman announced that the
order was tbe selection of four delegates at
large to the National Convention Bland
came to the platform. He did not attempt
a speech, but simply said that the people
had instructed the delegation to vote for
four delegates to the National Convention,
of whom he was one. He said that the
convention in its partiality had seen fit to
honor him with an indorsement for the
nomination ' for President, and that in
yielding against his judgment' to the will
of the people of the State he would make
the fight for the nomination, and that it
would therefore be impossible for him to
serve as a National delegate.
Vest, Cockrel) and Stone were then
named as delegates at large by acclama
tion, and George W. Allen, ex-Mayor of St.
Louis, was chosen as the fourth delegate.
KESTVCKI ItEI-ÜBZICAXS.
The Bradley forces Capture the Organi
zation of the .State Convention. .77'
LOUISVILLE, Ky., April -.. 15.— The
Bradley and McKinley forces locked horns
here to-day for the control of the State
delegation at the St. Louis National Con
vention. When the convention met at
2:30 o'clock the Bradley forces at once
captured the temporary organization, and
when the various committees gave the
Governor a majority the McKinley men
gave up all hope of tending a delegation
to the St. Louis convention instructed for
the Ohio man.
In the evening session it was evident to
everybody that the convention would go
over to a second day. The committee on
resolutions remained in session till a late
hour and adjourned until to-morrow at 8
o'clock without agreeing upon a report.
Promptly at 2:35 this afternoon Chair
man John W. Yerkes called the Republi
can State Convention to order. In his ad
dress to the convention Mr. Yerkes said
that after thirty years of hard labor and a
display of heroic courage the Republicans
of Kentucky had obtained control of the
State government. They had overcome a
boasted Democratic majority of 40,000.
He referred to Governor Bradley as. the
man who had done most in Kentucky for
the party, and thought him entitled to all
the honors the victory afforded.
"There are many Republicans in Ken
tucky who prefer Mr. McKinley for the
Presidential nomination," said he, "and
while favoring him they are still true to
Governor Bradley."
When the name of McKinley was uttered
by Mr. Yerkes the applause for nearly five
minutes was deafening. There was also
considerable applause for Governor Brail
ley. Mr. Yerkes concluded by saying that
he was authorized by the State Central
Committee to name Judge T. Z. Morrow
of Pulaski County lor temporary chairman
of the meeting.
Hon. Oliver W. Root of Newport nom
inated Judge George J. Denny of Lexing*
ton as the McKinley representative. Then
the great fight for temporary organization
began. A call of counties was taken, dur
ing which the greatest commotion pre
vailed, amounting in fact to a perfect up
roar, and it was with great difficulty that
the secretary could proceed. When the
name of Jefferson County was reached
and the chairman of that delegation an
nounced 122 votes for Morrow and 73 for
Denny there was a scene which almost
rivaled pandemonium.
Instantly voices from all parts of the
ball challenged the call and demanded
changes in the vote. The rollcall then pro
ceeded with numerous outbreaks whenever
a contesting county was reached, and it
was not for hours that the call was com
pleted and the secretary announced the
result — Morrow 833, Denny 742.
Judge Morrow then took the chair and
the business of organization was continued.
The usual committees were named and at
6 o'clock the convention adjourned until 8
p. M.
When the convention met at 8 o'clock
the committee on permanent organization
reported and recommended Charies Bland
ford of Breckinridge County for chairman
and Fred Roberts and D. Elliot Kelly sec
retaries. Lyons of Newport nominated
George Denny Jr. for chairman, but con
sideration ofthe report was postponed un
til after the report of the credentials com
mittee, which announced it would not be
ready for an hour and a half.
During the interval Judge Denny de
livered an impassioned speech, which
called forth repeated applause from the
AlcKinley supporters. Wood Dunlap
again explained his position and was in
terrupted by Lyons of Newport, who
called in question some of his statements.
At 11 o'clock the committee on creden
tials reported seating the contesting dele
gations of Jefferson, Logan and Warren
counties, a compromise being effected
between the McKinley and Bradley mem
bers, each taking half of the delegations.
The report of the committee on per
manent organization was then adopted,
attempts to nominate Judge Denny and
Oliver Boot for chairman being ineffectual,
and Charles Blandford took the chair.
The committee on rules reported at 11:1 a
and the report was finally adopted and at
12:10 a. m. the convention adjourned until
9 a. m.
TILLMAN AT DEXVER.
The South Carolina Senator Addresses a
Multitude on Silver,
DENVER, Colo., April 15.— Never was
the Broadway Theater so jammed with
people as to-night when Senator Tillrn an
of South Carolina delivered bis political
address to the State Democratic conven
tion. The foyer were packed to suffoca
tion, the stage held 500 people, every aisle
was filled and several thousand disap
pointed citizens failed to get as near as tho
main entrance.
The boxes were occupied by prominent
citizens of all political opinions. In the
foyer on the main floor the crush was
simply awful, and it required a great dis
play of good nature to prevent a panic.
When Senator Tillman entered the stage
he was received by a mighty outburst of
cheers, while the band played "Dixie."
Secretary Newell read letters indorsing
the silver sentiment from the Governors
of Missouri and Virginia, Senators Vest,
Call and others until the impatient
audience howled down the secretary and
Senator Tillman was introduced. In his
introduction he referred to the presenta
tion of the silver and gold pitchfork last
night by a young lady as a hew and
proper emblem of the Goddess of Liberty,
as it is now the emblem of agriculture.
He reviewed historically the Democratic
party, handling the subject seriously and
earnestly, then warming up he attacked
the present administration in plain words
and without a delicate choice of language.
He soon had the vabt audience wild with
■excitement. The mention of John Sher
man brought forth a storm of hisses,
which stopped the speaker lor a moment.
His main effort was to convince his audi
ence that the capitalists control the Na
tional Government and both political
parties, and he sought to array the com
mon people against the great centers of
wealth. He touched at some length upon
the silver question. ' '■••■'■,
XORTH DAKOTA REPUBLIC AXS.
They Declare for McKinley for Presi-
dent and Sound Money.
. FARGO, N. Dak., April 15.— The Re
puolicans of North Dakota, in State con
vention to-day, "turned down" Senator
Hansbrough, instructed the delegates to
vote for William McKinley. for the Presi
dential nomination and declared for
"sound money." -
The proceedings of the convention were
"cut and dried" at a caucus held early
this morning in ihe Hotel MeUopolo. The
personnel of the caucus was all anti-
Hansbrough, and it was voted unanimously
to stand by their action in the convention.
The sound-money men carried the conven
tion 350 to 140. Colonel Robinson of May
vilitj will succeed Senator Hansbrough as
Rational committeeman. The result of
the convention is regarded as a serious
blow to Hansbrough's hopes of succeeding
himself as United States Senator next
winter.
At 10:45 a. m. the convention was called
to order and E. C. Gearey, an anti-Hans
brough man, was elected temporary chair
man; the nomination being seconded by
Hansbrough. At 2 o'clock the conven
tion not being ready for action, an ad
journment was taken to give the commit
tees on credentials, permanent organiza
tion and resolutions an opportunity to act.
The committees were not ready to report,
and a further adjournment was taken to
evening.
7 Senator Hansbrough's men concede de
feat and Hansbrough will have neither a
place on the delegation to St. Louis nor be
National committeeman.
Upon reassembling the committees re
ported, the temporary organization being
made permanent. The platform was read".
It instructs the delegates for McKinley,
declares in favor of protection and reci
procity; in favor of the election of Sena
tors by direct vote of the people ; denounces
the Democrats for increasing the public
debt; expresses sympathy for Cuba, and
on the financial question says:
The Republicans of North Dakota are united
in their demand for honest money. We are
unalterably opposed to any scheme that will
give to this country a depreciated or debused
currency. We favor the use of silver as cur
rency, but to the extent only and under such
restrictions that its paritv'with gold can be
maintained. We are tnerefore opposed to the
free and unlimited coinage of silver until it
can be arranged by international agreement.
The delegates are: C. H. Johnson,
Richland;' 0. N. Hanson, Trail: S. T.
Saterthwait, Cass; J. O. Devine, La
moure; Alexander Hughes, Burleigh; J.
H. Bergenheimer, Myston.
The alternates are: Austin King, Sar
gent; G. W. Holliday, Foster; E. H.
Kent, Nelson; M. B. Casset, Steele; H.
L. Dickinson, Stark; W. A. Caldwell,
Dickey. . • y
FAVORS CHIEF CLARENCE.
The Honduras Government Is
Scheming for an Advantage
Over Nicaragua.
Questions Agitating People Who Take
an Interest in Central Ameri
, can Affairs.
NEW YORK, N. V., April 15.— A Times
correspondent in Kingston, Jamaica,
writing under date of April 7, says:
The Bonilla Government of Honduras,
in sheer hopelessness of effecting any sort
of permanent alliance with Nicaragua, is
initiating a scheme looking to the freeing
of the Mosquito territory from Nicaraguan
control and restoring Chief Clarence, who
was deposed about two years ago. under a
Honduras protectorate. The idea is to
deprive Nicaragua of the free access to the
Atlantic that the possession of the Mos
quito gives and thus confine her to the
San Juan outlet, which will be monopo
lized by the canal if that project is ever
carried out. The effect would be practi
cally to make Nicaragua as essentially a
Pacific state as Salvador, Ecuador, Peru
and Chile.
Chief Clarence, who is here, "knows
nothing of the project." Of course, this
may be so. While not inferring any doubt
of his honesty of purpose and faith in the
ultimate justice of the compensation that
Great Britain owes him. and will doubtless
pay, still it is to be remembered that even
if he did or does not know anything about
the designs of Honduras for her own im
mediate and his incidental benefit, he is
not likely to say so. Any hope of infor
mation must be given up.
Meanwhile, presuming that there is any
truth in the rumor, it is an interesting
matter for speculation whether the British
Government would allow Clarence to re
sume his chielship. That might bring her
into collision with Nicaragua. On the
other band, is Clarence virtually a pris
oner here and unable to take his chances
if Honduras invites him to do so? These
are questions that are being discussed
among the small section of people here
who take any interest ,at all in Central
American politics.
SHOT BT HIS WIFE.
lias Running a Female Sprinting Show
and Neglecting His Family.
BOSTON, Mass., April 15.— Mrs. Jose
phine A. Andrews of 4 Congress street,
Chelsea, is under arrest in this city,
charged with shooting her husband, James
H. Andrews, late last night in Dunn's
Nickel Odeon on Hanover street. An
drews had been managing a female sprint
ing match at the Nickel Odeon; is the
owner of a sprinting-macbine, and has
been very intimate with one Kittie Collins,
who was ostensibly his partner in the en
terprise.
Mrs. Andrews has kept a boarding-house
in Chelsea for tome time and has supplied
her husband with money, which she claims
he has spent upon the Collins woman.
Finally she became jealous, and purchas
ing a revolver started for Boston with the
purpose of shooting both her husband and
the Collins woman. As she entered th?
Nickel Odeon her husband saw her coming
and attempted to bar her progress, but she
quickly drew her weapon and fired, the
bullet takine effect in Andrews' back.
The wound is not considered necessarily
fatal. Mrs. Andrews was locked up. The
couple have been married thirty-one years
and have seven children.
DEMOLISHED WITH AXES.
Kansas Officers Destroy the Property of
a Resort- Keeper.
WICHITA, Kans., I April 15.— Chief of
Police Frank Burt and several police offi
cers to-night made an example of John
Wiggins, whose resort is known as the
"Coney Island Place," by entering his
place armed with axes and demolishing
his furniture and fixtures and destroying
his stock of liquors, because he could not
pay his fine and would not close up. Sev
eral jointists who had failed to pay their
fines were notified to-day to pay or close
up, and the threat was made that if they
continued to sell in defiance of the order
their stock and fixtures would be destroyed.
After the demolition of the "Coney Island"
the delinquent jointists made haste to pay
their fines. This unprecedented action of
Chief Burt has caused great excitement.
DTX AMITEI> A SCHOOL.
How Little Differences Are Settled at
Saginaw, Michigan.
SAGINAW, Mich., April 15.-A school
building on the west side was wrecked by
dynamiters early this morning. It was
the oldest and largest of tbe big schools on
that side of the river. For years it has
been a bone of contention. At 2 o'clock
this morning a terrific explosion occurred
which wrecked the building, and was fol
lowed by fire. A portion of the library
was also destroyed. • : 777
The building contained twenty-seven
rooms and bad a capacity for SOO pupils.
The loss is $40,000, with $27,000 insurance.
Vigorous efforts wili be made to unearth
the dynamiters.
CARLISLE TALKS
AGAINST SILVER
Thousands of People Listen
to the Secretary of the
Treasury.
MOSTLY WORKINGMEN.
Says Free and Unlimited Coin
age Would Be a National
Calamity.
A POPULIST INTERRUPTION.
An Inquisitive Gentleman Hustled
Out of the Hall by Two
Policemen.
CHICAGO, 111., April 15.— Every one of
the 5000 seats in Chicago's great Audi
torium was filled to-night with people who
came to hear the address of Secretary Car
lisle on currency and finance. Several
hundred people stood through the entire
address and several hundred more went
away, being unable to gain admittance.
The Secretary received a hearty welcome
and was loudly cheered upon entering the
hall. Said he:
Labor cannot be hoarded. The idle day has
gone forever; lost wages are never reimbursed,
and therefore steady employment and good
pay in good money are essential to the com
fort and happiness of the American laborer
and his wife and children. He will be unfaith
ful to himself and to them if he does not insist
upon the adoption and maintenance of such a
policy as will most certainly preserve the value
and stability of all our currency and promote
the regular and profitable conduct of all our
industrial enterprises.
The naked proposition is that the United
States shall coin at the public expense for the
exclusive beneflt of the individuals and cor
porations owning the bullion all tne silver
that may be presented at the mints into dol
lars containing 371% grains of pure silver, or
412% grains of standard silver— intrin
sically about 51 or 52 cents— deliver the coins
to the depositors of the bullion, and compel all
the other people in the country to receive
these coins at a valuation of 100 cents each in
the payment of debts due them, except only in
cases where the prudent capitalist has taken
the precaution in advance to contract for pay
ment in gold or its equivalent.
To say nothing of the gross partiality and
manifest injustice of such a policy, its imme
diate effect would be to contract our currency
to the extent of about $620,000,000 by stop
ping the use of gold as money, and putting a
premium upon the coins of that metal
equal, or about equal, to the difference
between the intrinsic value of the gold
dollar and the intrinsic value of the
silver dollar. Gold coins would at once become
a commodity, and would be bought and sold
by speculators in the market just as they were
during the war when we had a depreciated
paper currency. The value of the silver dollar
would fluctuate from day to day, mov
ing up and down with the rise and
fall of the commercial price of the
bullion contained in it as the Mexican dollar
does now and tne premium on the golden dol
lar would of course fluctuate to the | same ex
tent, thus affording an opportunity to bullion
brokers and speculators to buy and sell it at
a profit It would cease to be used as money,
because no man would pay his debt in gold
dollars or in paper redeemable in gold dollars
worth 100 cents when the law permitted him
to pay it in silver dollars worth only 51 or 52
cents each.
The sudden withdrawal of $625,000,000
from the volume of the currency in the coun
try would undoubtedly produce a financial
and industrial disturbance far more disastrous
to the interests of labor than has ever been ax
perienced in our history, and no man who has
a particle of sympathy for workingmen and
women and their dependent families can con
template the possibility of such a calamity
without feeling that it is his duty, whether he
occupies a public or private station, to employ
every honorable means at his command to
avert it. .
The attempt to maintain what is called the
double standard of value, that is, the attempt
to keep the legal-tender coins of the two
metals, gold and silver, in use as money at the
same time, upon a ratio of value fixed by law,
has repeatedly been made by kings and parlia
ments in every civilized country in the world,
and it has failed in every one of them; and it
requires no gift of prophecy to foresee that it
must continue to fail so long as self-interest
constitutes a controlling factor in the business
affairs of men.
The secretary then concisely and briefly
recounted the experience of the United
States Government and Congress with the
silver experiment and the return to the
gold standard and limited coinage of
silver. Continuing, he said :
We have now about $620,000,000 in gold and
$413,000,000 in full legal-tender silver, besides
$78,216,677 in subsidiary silver coins, which
are legal tender in payments not exceeding
$10, aud the real question for the people to de
cide is whether they will continue to use the
coins of both metals or adopt a monetary sys
tem which always has and always will drive
one of them out of the country.
All the mints of the United States, operated
to their full capacity and doing no other work,
could not coin into standard silver dollars
two-thirds of the annual production of
silver in our own country, but notwith
standing this it is seriously proposed to
offer free coinage to all the silver, in
the world at a legal valuation almost double
Its commercial value in the markets of the
foreign countries where it Is produced. We
should descend by a single step from the high
est standard of value to silver monometallism
with a contracted and at the same time a de
preciated currency— a financial experiment
which has no precedent in the monetary his
tory of the world.
In the general confusion and disorder result
ing from such a radical change, what will be
the condition of the American laborer? Will
he be benefited or injured by the reducing by
one-half the value of the money in which his
wages are paid, and at the same time increas
ing the prices of the commodities for which
his wages are expended?
The great body of employers, a vast majority
of the men who have embarked their capital
in industrial enterprises and are relying for
success upon their skill and energy in the
prosecution of their business, do not want the
present standard of value overthrown, because
they know that the establishment of silver
monometallism would be ruinous to them and
to all who are dependent upon them lor em
ployment, or for the supply of commodities at
reasonable prices. .
At the close of Mr. Carlisle's address
Colonel J. C. Roberts, a Populist leader,
arose and attempted to ask the Secretary
if he, in 1878, did not denounce the de
monetization of silver as "the most gigan
tic crime of this or any other age."
Before he could finish his question, the
colonel was seized by a couple of police
officers and ejected from the hall.
The Blue and Gray Handicap.
NEW YORK, N. V., April 15.— The fol
lowing are the conditions, entries and
weights for the Blue and Gray . Handicap
which will be run over the Washington
Jockey Club's course at Bennings on April
18: The Blue and Gray Handicap, for
three-year-olds and upward; purse s Boo;
to the winner $600, to the second $150, to
the third $50; six furlongs. Dorian 128
pounds, Buckrene 117, Owlet 112, Doggett
110, Ha warden 108, Floretta IV 107, Ina
106, Hurlingham 106, Roundsman 104,
Palmerston 102, Hanwell 102, Premier 99,
Mrs. Stuart 98, Milton T 96.
GLASS COFFINS.
A Device Calculated to Revolutionise the
Undertaking Business.
CHICAGO, 111., April 15.— Local under
takers are interested in the proposition of
an Indiana company to manufacture glass
coffins on a large scale. In an interview
George F. Kimball, the plate-glass manu
facturer, stated that the idea is en
tirely practicable, and that coffins can be
made from glass much more cheaply than
from wood.
Kimball said that such coffins could be
constructed in the cheaper grades for not
more than 50 cents a running foot. Coffins
made from glass would be much more
durable than metallic caskets, and their
extreme cheapness would cause their adop
tion extensively in cases where death is
due to contagious diseases, in which the
law requires an hermetically sealed cas-
A new method of manufacturing glass,
whereby it is made to so closely resemble
the most costly wood that the eye cannot
distinguish the difference, will enable the
manufacturer to lend infinite variety to
his product.
Popular English Vocalist to Visit Us.
NEW YORK, N. V., April 15.— A con
tract has been signed by Albert Chevalier,
the London coster-singer, who will make
a long tour in this country next season
under the management of Charles Froh
man. He will not visit music halls, but
will have a small company of his own and
eive entertainments in first-class theaters.
The tour will last twenty-five weeks, and
perhaps longer. . 7:
WREATHS FOR VICTORS
Distribution of Prizes at the
Close of the Olympian
Contests.
Eleven Americans Crowned With
Olive and Laurel According to
Ancient Custom.
ATHENS, Greece, April 15.— The Olym
pian games were closed to-day with the
distribution of prizes to the victors in the
various contests. The weather was per
fect and the Stadium was crowded with
people. When the King and the royal
party arrived a Pindaric ode on the games
was delivered by Mr. Robertson, an Ameri
can, after which, according to ancient cus
tom, the King personally handed to each
winner of a first prize a wreath fashioned
of wild olive, plucked from the trees at
Olympia, and laurel wreatns were given to
the winners of second prizes.
The Stadium band then played the Na
tional air of each country represented in
the game-;, to which music all the prize
winners paraded.
After the parade the games were de
clared to be ended.
The total number of athletes who re
ceived crowns was forty-four, of whom
eleven were Americans, ten Greeks, seven
Germans, five French, three English, two
Hungarians, two Austrian., two Aus
tralians, one Dane and one Swiss. - -
After the ceremonies attendant upon the
prize awards were completed the inter
national committee having the arrange
ments of the games in charge met at the
residence of the Crown Prince and arranged
for the holding of the next games in
Athens in 1898.
Banquets in honor of the victors are still
being given and the city is en fete.
Crushed by a Revolving Belt.
JACKSONVILLE, Fla., April 15.—
terrible accident occurred at the mills of
Captain Hart in Lake City yesterday after
noon, by which Clarence Hammock, 17
years old, lost his life. He was engaged
in lacing a belt when his hand was caught
in another belt which was turning the
shafting at the rate of 200 revolutions a
minute. He was whirled around and
wrapped under the belting. Both arms
were broken and torn from his body in the
sockets and every bone in his body was
broken.
• * NEW TO-DAY.
W. & J. SLOANE & Ca
NEW YORK,
BOSTON,
CHICAGO. »-». »-*»■«.» ._ ___ _
KANSAS CITY. SPRING 1896
SAN FRANCISCO, OIT 111 IN VJT IO^U
TORONTO, CANADA,
LONDON, ENGLAND.
NEW FABRICS
IN UPHOLSTERY
FOR SPRING AID SUMMER FURMSIMfIS.
English and French Cretonnes and Dimities,
Double-Faced Silks,
Venetian Stripes,
Silk and Renaissance Tapestries.
LACE CURTAINS
A Large and Varied Assortment of all the Latest Styles
from the Factories of
GREAT BRITAIN,
FRANCE,
SWITZERLAND,
SAXONY, and other parts of Europe.
NOVELTY LACE - - $7.50 per Pair
ARABIAN --.--'.« $10.50, $14.00, $17.50 per Pair
RENAISSANCE -- _ $18.50, $21. per Pair
EGYPTIAN ----- $7.50, $9.00, $12. per Pair
EMBROIDERED - - - $27.50 per Pair V •
LOUIS XIV - $15.00, $18.50, $22.00 per Pair
PORTIERES
GOBELIN PANELS $8.00, $10.00, $12.50
FROU-FROU SILK - - - $27.50
LEATHER APPLIQUED - - $35.00, $48.00
A Superior Line of Genuine Imported Bagdads and Kis-Kilems.
W. & J. SLOANE & CO.
Carpets— Furniture— Upholstery
641-647 Market Street,
SAN FRANCISCO,
RACES ON THE
EASTERN TRACKS.
Fleet Magnet Captures the
Inaugural Handicap at
Forsyth.
VIEWED BY THOUSANDS.
Closely Contested Events Mark
the Opening of the Spring
Meeting.
RECORD BROKEN AT MEMPHIS.
Tartarian Wins the Brewers* Stake
in Fast Time— Results at
Newport.
CHICAGO, 111., April 15. -The opening
of the racing season at the Forsyth track
to-day was a strand success. Over 5000
people were in attendance and the races
were well contested. The event of the day
was the Inaugural handicap, which was
easily won by Magnet, the 2 to 5 favorite.
The track, although not as fast as antici
pated, was, considering the six inches of
loam recently laid upon it, in good condi
tion. The bookmakers had if anything a
shade the best of the game.
Six furlongs, Weola won, Extra second,
Longdate third. Time, 1:18.
Half mile, Hessville won, Bombardon second,
N. N. Kaufman third. Time, :52.
Six furlongs, Little Sadie won, Helen H
second, Cautield third. Time, 1:18'_.
Inaugural handicap, one mile, Magnet won,
Simmons second, Onalaska third. Time, 1 :47.
Seven furlongs, Lulu T won, Eloroy second,
Floienna third. Time, I:l3J£.
Six furlongs, Semele won. Hazel Hatch sec
ond, Ida May tnird. Time, 1:18%.
MEMPHIS, Term.. April 13.— The feat
ure of to-day's racing-card was the Ten
nessee Brewing Company stake. Tar
tarian, the winner, knocked a quarter of a
second off the track record for tbe dis
tance, making it in 1:29 fiat. The bookies
were bard hit by the winning.
Half-mile, Treopia won, Dr. Newman second,
Tunic third. Time, :51.
Six furlongs, Irish Lady won, Helena Belle
second, Lucille H third. Time, 1:17},.
Seven furlongs, Tennessee Brewing Com
uanv's stake. Tartarian won. Free Advice sec
ond, Nat P third. Time, 1:29.
One and a sixteenth miles, Tranbv won,
Rondo second. Frontier third. Time, I:s4^_.
Five furlongs, Sky Blue won, Little Cliff sec
ond, John P third. Time, 1:05}..
Five furlongs, Roy Locnlel won, Constantine
second, Ben Naiad third.' Time, 1:03%.
NEWPORT, Ky., April Only two
favorites won to-day :
Six furlongs, Han Ban won, Summer Coon
second, Readina third. Time, :15J4-
One and a sixteenth miles, Sidkel won, Light
foot second, Muskalonge third. Time, 1:49.
Six furlongs. Seanone won, Miss Young sec
ond, Alamo third. Time. 1:16.
One mile, selling, The Banker won, Tariff Re
form second, Hulbert third. Time, I:43J^.
Half mile, selling, The Blossom won, Princess
Maud second, Vanenessa third. Time, :50%.
Must Gamble on the Square.
WASHINGTON, D. C, April 15.— 1n the
Senate yesterday Mr. Piatt introduced a
bill which provides that any person who
shall knowingly be a party to the trans
mission by telephone, telegraph, mail or
express or otherwise from one State or
Territory into another of any gambling
bet or report of such bet or the odds
quoted on any race or prize-right or other
event, or who shall knowingly draw or
scheme to draw a lottery by means of
cipher or otherwise, shall be guilty of a
misdemeanor, punishable in the first of
fense by imprisonment of not more than
two years, or by a fine of not more than
$1000, or both.
Professor Crouch's Benefit.
BALTIMORE, Ma, April 15.— The bene
fit concert to Professor F. Nicholas Crouch
last night was a financial and an artistic
success. A larse sum was realized, which
will be turned over to Professor Crouch.
The aged composer is better, and is sitting
up in bed endeavoring to do some writing.IN OLD FIGHT
IN THE ROUSE
Managers of the National
Soldiers' Home in
Hot Water.
TO OUST THE GOVERNOR.
Colonel Smith Is Charged With
Being " a Vomiting, Crawl
ing Drunk."
i
SLUE'S BITTER ARRAIGNMENT.
A Keeley Cure at One End of the Insti
tution and a Beer Saloon
at the Other.
WASHINGTON, D. C, April 15.—
old fight against the re-election of General
W. B. Franklin as a member of the board
of managers of the National Soldiers'
Home and against the retention of Colonel
A. J. Smith as governor of the home at
Leavenworth, Kans., was renewed in the
House to-day, occupying nearly all ofthe
session, and will rage until 3 o'clock to
morrow. It came on when Hull, chair
man of the Committee on Military affairs,
called up the joint resolution reported
from that committee providing for the
election of Generals Franklin and G. W.
Steele, representatives from Indiana, to
succeed themselves as members of the
board; of General T. J. Henderson, an ex
member of Congress from Illinois, to suc
ceed General John C. Black, ex-Commis
sioner of Pensions, and of General G. L.
Beal of Maine, to succeed General Fessen
den of the same State.
Blue (R.) of Kansas moved to strike out
the name of General Franklin and insert
that of General O. O. Howard, and there
upon addressed the House for two hours.
He bitterly arraigned General Franklin's
administration as president of the board of
managers, declaring that he was virtually
the board, dominating its policy and ac
tion. He charged, he said, from the record,
that General Franklin was either grossly
negligent, grossly incompetent or was not
honest. He held that he was responsible
for the retention in office of Colonel Smith,
whom he accused of drunkenness, frequent
and continued up to the present time —
"vomiting, crawling drunk" — and of bru
tality to the inmates of the home under
his charge.
General Franklin and Colonel Smith
were defended by General Curtis (R.) of
New York, a member of the Committee on
Military Affairs; Poole (R.) of New York
and Henry (R.) of Connecticut, and these
officials and the board of managers by
•General G. W. Steele (R.) of Indiana, a
member of the board.
Mahon (R.) of Pennslvania proposed an
amendment to the joint resolution provid
ing for a Congressional investigation of the
criarges of drunkenness and brutality
against Colonel Smith, the officer to be re
moved by the board of managers should
a majority of the committee find the
charges to be well founded.
Blue (R.) of Kansas desired to discuss
the resolution in order that he might pre
sent affidavits charging General Franklin
and his man Smith, for whom he was
responsible, with brutal and oppressive
treatment of inmates of the Leavenworth
home. He thought that the House would
hear what he had to say in behalf of the
2000 Kansas veterans incarcerated in that
home.
Hull had suggested that the debate be
limited to two hours, but after Blue' state
ment he said that he would consent that
it go on without limitation at present.
Before beginning the discussion Blue
moved that the name of General Franklin
be stricken out of the joint resolution and
that of the "splendid soldier and noble
Christian, General O. O. Howard," be in
serted. It had been charged, he said, that
his opposition to Franklin and Smith was
based upon personal grounds. This he
denied, saying that his fight against them
was born of a desire only to relieve the
men from the oppression of the drunken
and brutal governor and secure for them
such treatment as should be accorded to
men who gave their best services in de
fense of their country, and he proposed,
he said, to lay bare the facts, let the con
sequences be what they might. He de
clared that Smith, the governor, had been
drunk a hundred — "vomiting, crawl
ing drunk."
Steele (R.) of Indiana did not know this
and did not believe it, as he was the head
of the National Keeley League.
Blue said he was in the Keeley League
for profit, and asserted that what most
people did not know about these homes
would fill a very large volume.
Blue then read affidavits, letters and
telegrams, approving his fight against
Franklin and Smith, and to show that
Smith was at the present time, or in the
very recent past, indulging in intoxicating
liquors.
Blue read from the report of the in
spector-general, which showed that the
beer saloon in the home paid a profit in
the last fiscal year of over $13,000. Reply
ing to questions as to whether he had any
charge to make against General Franklin's
personal character, Blue said that Frank
lin was either grossly negligent, grossly
incompetent or not honest, and that he
had in his hands Government funds that
ought to be paid over to the treasury.
In connection with this last statement,
Blue asserted that when Congress sepa
rated the officers of president and treas
urer of the board, which Franklin then
held, he (Franklin) took up his man Fri
day and made him treasurer, and he
(Franklin) controlled the funds of the
board as he formerly did.
Morse of Massachusetts desired to know
if the matters complained of at the home
were not due to the existence of a beerhall
in connection with the institution, and if
this ought not first to be shut up.
"Yes, and it is needed," exclaimed Blue,
"also to shut up the mouth of the beer
guzzler who presides over it."
Curtis of New York, reviewing Blue's ar
raignment of Governor Smith, General
Franklin and, indirectly, the board of
managers, explained that there was given
to the selection of the new members all
tlie dignity and deliberation that would
attach to the election of a President of the
United States.
General Franklin, he said, had been for
a long time a member of the board. The
charges against him were old and had been
thoroughly investigated. He regretted
that the report of the officers making the
investigation had not been laid before the
House.
General Steele (R.) of Indiana followed
General Curtis. He asked if the House
was to destroy the reputatious of as good
soldiers as ever did battle for the Union
and throw them to the winds because it
won't hear but one side of the case. All
these charges had been investigated by the
board of managers and suD-committees of
the board.
While discussing the matter of the beer
saloons at the homes Steele was asked by
Milnes (R.) of Michigan if it were the
policy of the managers to run a saloon at
one end of the home and a Keeley cure
at the other.
Steele replied that it was the policy to
manage the home for the best interests of
the inmates. The practical question was
whether the homes should have the profits
of the beer sales or the saloons outside,
where the old soldier was not only made
drunk but robbed. The experience at
Marion, his own residence place, showed
that the policy of letting the saloons out
side have the trade was not to the advan
tage of the home. t
Mahon (R.) of Pennsylvania offered an
additional section to the joint resolution,
providing for an investigation of the
charges of drunkenness and brutality
against Colonel Smith by a joint Con
gressional commission ; if the charges be
sustained by a majority of that commis
sion, the board of managers to be directed
to remove him from his position.
Blue said he would reserve a point of
order against that amendment.
On motion of Hull the House at 5 o'clock
adjourned until to-morrow, an agreement
having been reached between him and
Blue that the vote on the joint resolution
should he taken at 3 o'clock.
ATE PROCEEDIXGS.
The Dupont Election Case Still Unsettled.
Bills and Resolutions Passed.
WASHINGTON, D. C, April 15.-It was
made pretty clear from an incidental re
mark in the Senate to-day that the pre
diction as to an early adjournment of
Congress is not likely to be verified. The
slowly moving Dupont election case had
been taken up and Gray of Delaware was
in the act of beginning an argument
against the right of Mr. Dupont when the
chairman of the Committee on Appropri
ations (Allison of Iowa) made an inquiry
as to the time when the election case
would probably come to a vote. Mitchell
of Oregon, chairman of the Committee on
Privileges and Elections, said that there
were at least half a dozen more speeches
to be made upon it, and that therefore he
could not fix any time for the vote, al
though he was very anxious to have the
case disposed of.
He consented to let the matter go over
when Gray should have finished his
speech, so as to make way for the Indian
appropriation bill, the naval appropria
tion bill and Peffer's resolution for an in
vestigation of the recent bond issues.
"That practically means," Gorman in
terposed, "that the Dupont case is not to
be disposed of until after the Ist of June."
Bills were passed as follows : Senate bill
for the protection and preservation of
burial-places of soldiers and sailors of the
war of 1812; House joint resolution rela
tive to the medals of honor awarded
under the joint resolution of 1862 and
1863; amending the act providing for the
protection of the salmon-fisheries of
Alaska; to provide for the private sale of
public lands in Missouri; regulating the
incorporation of medical and dental col
leges in the District of Columbia; joint
resolution authorizing the wearing of a
rosette or knot of ribbon in lieu of medals
of honor awarded by the acts of 1862 and
1863. y^xyyyy
Gray occupied over three hours in the
presentation of the case against Dupont's
claim to the vacant seat from the State of
Delaware, and had not finished his speech
when the Senate, at 5:30 p. m., after an
executive session, adjourned until to
morrow.
IX EXECUTIVE &ESSIOX.
Treaty Between the United .State, and
Great Britain Ratified.
WASHINGTON, D. C, April After
a discussion of little more than half an
hour the Senate this afternoon in execu
tive session ratified the treaty between the
United States and Great Britain providing
for the appointment of a commission to
assess the damages alleged to have been
sustained by Canadian sealers whose ves
sels were seized by the Government of the
United States for alleged illegal sealing.
The treaty provides that each Government
shall appoint one commissioner, and if
they cannot agree the Presideut of the
Swiss Republic is to select a third. .7 ; * l
The commission as provided for in the
original treaty was to sit at Vancouver,
but an amendment was inserted that the
commission shall also be allowed to sit in
San Francisco.
The only other amendment of an im
portant nature— and even that is said to
be unimportant— is the expunging of the
word "award" from the text of the con
vention where reference is made to the
proceedings of the Paris tribunal, this
Government contending that the Paris
tribunal did not make any award on the
question of damages, that it went even
further and refused to consider that ques
tion at all. Otherwise the treaty is as
signed by Sir Julian Pauncefote and Sec
retary Olney.
When Senator Sherman called it up this
afternoon, there was a disposition on the
part of some of the Senators to postpone
action until the return to the Senate of
Senator Morgan, but this was deemed to
be impracticable, owing to the uncertainty
as to when Morgan would be able to re
sume his duties. Sherman notified the
Senate that the State Department
was exceedingly anxious to have the
matter disposed of at the earliest
opportunity, and he further stated that
if the Senate intended to ratify the
convention at all, it might as well be
done now as at any other time, and thus
obliterate the idea that was held by some
that this Government was trifling with the
subject. Briefly he explained the pro
visions of the treaty.
Pugh of Alabama, although he favored
the treaty, thought it would be better to
await the return of Mr. Morgan. Other
Senators appeared to be content to accept
the judgment of the Committee on Foreign
Relations, *y.'7
The text of the convention was then
read at length, but little attention being
paid to it the Senators, other than mem
bers of the committee, occupying the time
in writing letters. Mr. Sherman indicated
the character of the amendments and then
moved the ratification ofthe instrument as
amended. The ratification was agreed to
without the formality of a vote, and with a
unanimity that was unexplained. Mr.
Sherman frowned down a suggestion to re
move the injunction of -secrecy from the
treaty, and it will be printed and filed
away among the secret archives of the
Senate. ■ ■ " . .
Death of a Portland Educator.
PORTLAND, Or.. April 15— Mary B.
Rodney, principal of St. Helen's Hall, and
a well-known educator throughout the
Northwest, died this morning 'from a
stroke of paralysis last night.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, APRIL 16, 1896.
SANTA ROSA'S
FLORAL COURT
Mrs. Burris Announces the
Attendants of the
Queen.
— _ _____
SAN FRANCISCO HONORED
Miss Suza Crooks Chosen as Maid
of Honor to Her
Majesty.
LADIES-IN-WAITING SELECTED.
The Fairest Buds of a Half-Dozen
Cities Will Surround the Win
some Ruler.
SANTA ROSA, Cal., April 15.— Mrs. L.
W. Burris, Queen of the Rose Carnival,
made public this evening some of her ar
rangements for the parade. The plans
mapped out by the Queen contemplate a
spectacle of unusual elegance, and will
more than fulfill the expectations of her
friends, who declared all along that
should Mrs. Burris be selected Queen she
and her retinue would surpass all previous
efforts in this line.
The attendants of the Queen will include
one maid of honor, nine ladies in waiting
and eight pages in Fauntleroy suits.
During the parade the Queen and her
attendants will ride upon a magnificent
float, which will be constructed after de
signs furnished by her Majesty, lt will
be drawn by six coal-block horses.
The Queen's maid of honor will be Miss
Suza Crooks of San Francisco, the beauti
ful niece of William T. Baggett.
The ladies in waiting selected by Mrs.
Burris are from San Francisco, Oakland
and Sonoma County towns, including
Sonoma, Sebastopol, Petaluma, Healds
burg and Cloverdale. From Cloverdale
will come Miss Lena Brush, daughter of
the president of the Cloverdale Bank. She
is a decided brunette, and one of the most
beautiful young ladies in the citrus belt.
From Sonoma the carnival is to have Miss
Bertha Campbell a beautiful and stately
blonde, and one of the belles of that historic
town. Petaluma will send two of her fair
est daughters to add to the beauty of the
carnival, in the persons of Miss Dacy Fair
banks and Miss Henrietta Cantell. These
young ladies are daughters of two of Peta
luma's most prominent citizens, and are
both of the blonde type. Miss Anna Mc-
Lain of Healdsburg, a petite blonde of
winsome manners, will represent Santa
Rosa's northern neighbors, whose proud
est boast is of her lovely maids and
matrons. Miss Sadie McMullen, the chosen
of Sebastopol, is a charming brunette, and
a popular favorite in the society of social
Sebastopol.
From Oakland will come Miss Caroline
Frear, daughter of the Rev. Dr. Frear and
a sister of Mrs. E. F. Woodward of this
city. Miss Frear is a graceful demi-blonde,
whose beauty is enhanced by charming
manners. She is well known in Santa
Rosa society. ;•'.-« • .J'
From her own town, her Royal High
ness has made a most happy selection of
three young ladies. They are Miss Edith
Brooks, a daughter of Elmont Brooks;
Miss Kate Lewis, a daughter of Postmas
ter George Lewis, and Miss Lillie Hill.
Miss Brooks is a dark-eyed brunette of
medium height. Miss Lewis is a tall,
slender and graceful blonde and Miss Hill
is a petite demi-blonde— any further
attempt to describe . these three flowers
from Santa Rosa's beauty-garden would
be a waste of words.
FRESNO CONTEMPT CASE.
Lawyer Grady Fined for Assailing Judge
Carter— Must Pay or Go to
Jail.
FRESNO, Cal., April 15.— W. D. Grady,
a former District Attorney of this county
and erstwhile Democratic politician of
considerable note, has been having several
tilts of late with Judge Carter of the Supe
rior Court here. Two days ago the Judge
took exception to some sarcastic flings of
the doughty lawyer and fined him $10 for
contempt. Grady . responded with more
insulting remarks, when Judge Carter
raised the fine to $50. This was no, new
experience for Grady, who neither paid
the fine 'nor attention to the court. The
Judge informed Grady that he would give
him until to-day to pay the fine or go to
jail for thirty days.
When the contempt proceedings came
up in court this morning Grady asked the
court to dismiss the case. The Judge was
inexorable, however, and informed Grady
that neither the fine nor any part of it
would be remitted, but that it must be
paid in full, with the alternative of his
being the guest of the Sheriff. Ten days'
extension was given in order to allow
Grady to choose between the two alterna
tives.
TROUBX.E XEAR SPOKANE.
Cattlemen and Sheepmen Will Eight for
a, Strip of Range.
SPOKANE, Wash., April Trouble
that promises to be of a serious nature has
broken out among the cattlemen and
sheepmen over the possession of a rich
strip of range lying within the counties of
Spokane, Adams, Lincoln and Whitman.
The strip is known as a resort of cattle
thieves and other desperate men. The
cattlemen recently organized to drive the
sheep-owners from the range, anti the lat
ter promised to . leave. To-day word came
that the sheep-owners had also organized
to resist being driven off, and their herds
were still on the strip. Twenty armed and
mounted cattlemen started for the scene
Bloodshed is inevitable when the factions
come together.
Wedding Bells at Oakmead.
SANTA ROSA, Cal., April 15. -John C.
Dornin and Miss Anna K. Neff of Everett
Wash., were united in marriage to-day at
noon. The ceremony was performed at Oak
mead, near Fulton, the beautiful country
home of the groom's father. Only the inti
mate friends of the contracting parties
were present. After the wedding breakfast
the couple boarded the afternoon train for
Oakland, where they will reside.
Auburn Wants the. School.
AUBURN, Cal., April 15— The Auburn
Board of Trade has petitioned State Uni
versity regents to. locate the WiJmerdin_
School of Industrial Arts at Auburn. A
handsome building and grounds, the best
climate on earth, practical lessons in farm
ing and fruit-growing, cheap water-power
and a location on the main line of a rail
road are among the arguments used by the
Auburnites. . y
S _ VVN -__ _ '.".**??. TO-DAT— CLOTHING.
J\ J&mited ffiun.
OAursday, Friday and Saturday
TJrousers/ &C ft 7 ft//)
IX X What are the swell dome remarkably J? lay-out at Yen
& | tailors showiny in real briyht and dressy dui'ts dollars that's a stag-
-7 i Trin 'J'"* 9 * f ° r '" Scotches and these a stunner. Vhe
IO \prmy. , r '2 ht fashionable lue very prettiest and dress-
A A and {Stack „_> (t>j l l ■
\ \ Cheviots. *" d ***** * ce * Vy *« of garments, in the
J{ X X de are we in double Z^eaJLulLTJast- "7 ***** "'"", **"
Some awfully swell and single breasted in & ean °" * reas * rics** other stores' $20
TJrousers for men. in ■ sacks, real smart and ' V and $18 suits, J'acts,
Worsteds, in neat clever garments, clev- ' c price or em you £„ we only ad*
stripes, cleverly tai-^ '"' W - Vhur " '""""**«"' ST* ""*''** facts. Vhurs-
lered at d °* Jr * da * "*"* Ski ' *' ** da *> * r d a * and Sat-
h- ': urdayat urdayat urdayat
$1.50. $5.00. $7.00. J/0.00.
________ yp* \S § \*r \s §
/Raphael's /Raphael's /Raphael's /Raphael's
(incorporated), (Incorporated), , „ (incorporated),
~ (incorporated), &-^Z ~~ J f<r , ,\
7? A 5T ' <7> 9, //, 13, 15 Gam y Street. (incorporated),
u/ie Frisco SJoys. V/iai gg j? earny & reei Store Vwo €niire # u/M/ „ ySt # /y /n €veryih . ns ut y> rice
SAM JOSE BANKER DEAD
James A. Clayton, a Pioneer of
the Golden State, Passes
Away.
His Demise the Result of Injuries
Sustained in a Runaway Acci
dent a Year Ago.
SAN JOSE, Cal., April 15— James A.
Clayton, one of the most prominent citi
zens of this city, died at the residence of
his daughter, Mrs. Carroll W. Gates, in
Los Angeles, at 3:30 o'clock this morning.
His death resulted from an injury received
in a runaway accident in May, 1894, in
which he suffered a bad fracture of his
left arm. Last July he was obliged to
have the arm amputated at the shoulder,
and he never fully recovered from the
shock of the operation.
Mr. Clayton was born in Derbyshire,
England, in 1831. In 1839 he came to
America with his parents, who settled in
Wisconsin. In 1850 Mr. Clayton, in com
pany with his brother, Joel Clayton,
crossed the plains to California and arrived
in San Jose on August 25, 1850. He re
mained here until February, 1851, when
he went to Placerville and engaged in
mmm.- until November of the same year,
when he went to Australia and followed
mining.
Tn August, 1852, Mr. Clayton returned to
California, residing for a short period in
Stockton, but came again to Santa Clara
County in January, 1853, being employed
as clerk in Santa Clara until he perma
nently settled in San Jose in 1859. Here
he purchased a photographic gallery lo
cated on Santa Clara street, near Market,
removing later to Spring's Corner. This
establishment Mr. Clayton conducted
about thirteen years. In 1861 he was
elected County Clerk of Santa Clara
County and he was re-elected in 1863. In
1867 he established a real-estate office, con
tinuing in that business to the present
date. A few months ago he was elected
president of the First National Bank.
Mr. Clayton was married to Miss Anna
L. Thompson, a native of Indiana, in 1860,
and is survived by her. Seven children
resulted from their marriage, as follows -
Mary E., wife of C. W. Gates of Los An
geles; Edward W. and Willis S., partners
of their father in the real estate business;
John J., also connected with the real
estate business; Grace Elizabeth, who
died in infancy, and Ethel,' Willis and
Florence Clayton.
Mr. Clayton was a large property-owner,
and leaves an estate valued at over $400 -
--000. He was a member of San Jose Lodge
No. 10, F. and A. M., also a member of the
Methodist Episcopal church since 1857
and a trustee of the University of the Pa
cific; was a lay delegate to the Methodist
Episcopal general conference in New York
in 1888. He was a stanch Republican and
one of the alternate delegates for the State
at large to the National Republican Con
vention at Chicago in 1888. His body will
be brought to this city Friday evening.
SACRAMENTO'S MURDERER.
Physicians Are Passing Upon the Sanity
of Simon Ratan. ;,
SACRAMETO, Cal., April 15— trial
of Simon Ratan was this morning con
tinued until to-morrow, and in the mean
time a jury was empaneled to determine
if the prisoner is in a suitable condition of
mind to proceed with his defense. Dur
ing the investigation this evening Dr.
Hoisholt, assistant physician at the Stock
ton Insane Asylum, testified that he could
not positively pronounce Ratan insane,
but from all indications he considered
him so. Hoisholt detailed the reasons on
which he based his opinion, and the in
vestigation was continued until 11 o'clock
to-morrow, y:
Santa Cruz's Fatal Accident.
SANTA CRUZ, Cal., April 15— Bert
Waterman, the young man who was in
jured in a runaway yesterday, died this
morning shortly after daylight. There
was no chance for his recovery, judging
from the fracture of the skull. It was con
sidered remarkable that he lived as long
as he did, for when he was picked up after
the accident it was believed that he was
already dead. The funeral will occur to
morrow afternoon. ,„y,
SANTA BARBARA SENS ATION.
Seamen of the Cruiser Philadelphia Ar
rested for Drugging Two
Girls.
SANTA BARBARA, Cal., April 15—
An arrest of a highly sensational charac
ter was made here yesterday, when J. M.
Ramsay and James Collins, seamen at
tached to the flagship Philadelphia, were
taken into custody, charged with an at
tempt to poison two girls, Alice True and
Sarah Calderon, waitresses in a State
street restaurant. When the merry tars
marched down the street yesterday on pa
rade in their icecream uniforms the girls
stepped into the street and identified them
as the men who had attempted to drug
them. The sailors were permitted to pro
ceed down the wharf -and to return to the
ship, where they were afterward arrested
at the instance of the local authorities.
They were not permitted to give bail, and
spent- an " uncomfortable night in the
county jail. —7 7 ; 'yy
Upon their examination in the Police
Court to-day Ramsay was discharged, the
evidence being regarded as insufficient to
hold him, but Collins was retained in cus
tody.
: ; Although local officers were permitted to
go aboard the ship and make this arrest,
some nice questions of jurisdiction bid fair
to arise out of the affair, for it has gener
ally been conceded that a battle-ship was
subject to j naval rule only, and never to
civic authority. ;7 j
BASEBALL AT STANFORD.
Juniors and Freshmen to Contest
With the Seniors and
Sophomores.
The Best Talent of the University on
the Teams— Class-Book Officers
Chosen.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Cal., April
15— On Friday next, which is to be a holi
day, the juniors and freshmen will match
a picked nine against a combination of
seniors and sophomores. All the best
players in college will take part, and the
match will be one of the most interesting
seen on the diamond here for many a day.
As a general rule these interciass games
evoke far more enthusiasm than matches
with outside athletes or preparatory school
nines. The players will line up as follows:
'96, '98. Position. 97, 99
Jeffs Catcher Osgood
McLaine (capt.) Pitcher Ruddell
Cotton First base Young
Stroten ....Second base Harris
% \ '?ht Third base Sharp
i a >' lor Shortstop.. Thompson (capt.)
stansuerg Left field .Leppo
Jame5....... Center field Freeman
Lendrum. Right field Montgomery
The class of '98 has held its election of
annual class-book officers, and a hot cam
paign ended as follows: . Editor-in-chief,
F. V. Keesling; business manager, F. M.
Ayer; associates— W. H. Irwin, Charles S.
Dole, W. M. McNeil, Walker and Miner
Mackintosh, Barnheisel, Haskell.
After all arrangements had apparently
been made for a collecting expedition to
Kamchatka the enterprise has fallen
through and Stanford may be unable to
send a party to that little-known portion
of Siberia for some time to come. Dr. Jor
dan was endeavoring to arrange for the
passage of two students and paraphernalia
on one of the sealing vessels, but no satis
factory terms could be reached. Timothy
Hopkins had kindly consented to pay the
cost of the expedition, but matters are all
off now, with no prospect of a visit to Kam
chatka. Expeditions will be sent out
however, during the summer to various
points along the Pacific Coast.
SANTA. ROSA EXAMINATION.
John Mize, the Would- Re Suicide, Is De
clared Insane.
SANTA ROSA, Cal., April 15— The sec
ond examination of John Mize, on a charge
of insanity, was held here to-day. Mize
was declared insane a few uays ago, but
the Judge refused to sign the commitment,
as Mize had a charge of criminal assault
pending against him in this county, and
was at the time out of $5000 bail. Drs. M.
M. Shearer, J. W. Clark, F. H. McNeel of
this city, District Attorney Bell and At
torney Colwell of Napa County and Dr.
Gardner of the Napa Insane Asylum were
present during the inquiry. '
From the testimony it was shown that
Mize had made no less than five attempts
to commit suicide, his latest effort in that
iine being made on Saturday last, when he
swallowed a dose of morphine. Two years
ago the demented man shot himself in the
forehead and has carried the bullet ever
since. His relatives say that since that
time he has been more than usually vio
lent, requiring constant watching. On
this showing the Napa County officials
were satisfied as to the insanity of the un
fortunate man. The criminal charges will
be dismissed and Mize will be sent to an
asylum.
SEEK WESTERN IS HANDS.
Scheme to Send Unmarried Women to
Western Canada.
VANCOUVER, B. C, April 15—
Mayor of Vancouver has received a queer
letter from Toronto, written in the inter
ests of the young women in Toronto and
other Eastern Canadian cities. In this
unique epistle the writer states that, ac
cording to statistics, there is a shortage in
the female population in the Northwest
territories and British Columbia amount
ing to about 40,000, and there is in Eastern
Canada a corresponding overplus of un
married women, in order to equalize
matters, it .is proposed to send young
women of good health and moral charac
ter west, to be distributed where the de
mand is greatest, and for this purpose it
is sought to establish a home at Vancouver
for the reception and distribution of the
young demoiselles for British Columbia.
FRESNO LEAP-TEAR SOCIAL.
ladies of the Eastern Star Entertain at
Masonic Temple.
FRESNO, Cal., April 15— The Ladies ot
the Eastern Star of this city gave a very
delightful leap-year social at Masonio
Temple this evening. The programme
consisted in part of a mandolin and piano
duet by Mrs. Levy and her son Herbert;
a recitation by Miss Sadie Dealy ; vocal
solo, by Ed White ; a dialogue between the
Misses Cameron and Stephens; instru
mental solo, by Professor Moses Mendel
sohn Meyers." There were dancing and
card-playing during the evening. Comic
shadow pictures were cast upon the wall
by members in costume. A part of the
proceeds will be donated to the fund for
the home for the widows and orphans of
deceased Masons of the State, to be erected
near Decoto, in Alameda County.
Portland Gambling Dens Closed. —"-
PORTLAND, Or., April 15— For the
first time in years every gambline-house
in this city is closed. Not a single game
is running, and gamblers are leaving
town. Between two factions of political
parties the gamblers seem to have been
gettine the worst of it. - Their houses have
been repeatedly raided, and municipal re
form leagues have secured the conviction
and fining of all gambling-house mana
gers.
34
LOS ANGELES
STREET AFFRAY.
Edwin N. Brown Punished
for Insulting a
Woman.
HIS EYES, IN MOURNING.
Given a Severe Beating at the
Instance of Mrs. H. C.
Andrews.
SENT HER INDECENT LETTERS.
He Is Pointed Out to the Woman's
Husband, Who Proceeds to Se
cure Satisfaction.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., April 15— Edwin
N. Brown, an insurance agent, received a
sound thrashing to-day at the hands of an
Irate husband in the most public place in
Los Angeles. It was at the crowded corner
of First and Spring streets that H. C.
Andrews and his wife met Brown. "That
is the man who insulted me," exclaimed
Mrs. Andrews, and immediately her hus
band sailed into the insurance agent and
would have made him a subject for the
hospital but for the timely interference of
Officer Singleton, who placed both men
under arrest, but not before both of
Brown's blue eyes were beaten black and
he was otherwise disfigured.
Mrs. Andrews had some correspondence
with Brown on business matters, and she
alleges that he sent insulting letters. She
says his language was such as to make
him culpable for sending obscene matter
through the mails, and she proposes to
have him arrested for it by the Federal
authorities.
Mrs. Andrews is identified with many
secret organizations. She has held the
office of chief companion of the forest in
the Woman's Auxiliary to the Foresters
of America. She is also connected
with the Woodmen of the World.
She is a woman of great business
capacity and made the circles of
Forestry a great success in this State. She
is also one of the best woman speakers in
the city, and is always chosen to repre
sent the women on the platform in the
various societies she belongs to. She is
decorated with many emblems of the
orders she belongs to. Andrews, who de
fended his wife's honor so gallantly, is a
motorman on one of the electric roads.
HUNTINGTON'S CHANCE.
Can Buy a Section of the Atlantic and
Pacific if He Pays Enough.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., April 15.—Re
ceiver C. W. Smith and the bondholders'
committee of the Atlantic and Pacific
road, who are making a tour of inspection
of the property, arrived here by special
train at 1:30 o'clock this afternoon. The
party is chaperoned by Superintendent A.
G. Wells of the Atlantic and Pacific, and
consists, besides Receiver Smith, of: Fred
eric B. Jennings of New York, counsel of
the Atlantic and Pacific; J. D. Probst of
New York; William Basset of Boston;
Francis S. Bangs, president of the United
Stales Trust Company of New York; Otto
Bannard, president of the Continental
Trust Company of New York; Henry L.
Sprague ano J. G. McCullough, vice-presi
dent of the Erie Railroad and formerly
Attorney-General of California.
Receiver Smith and Counsel Jennings
proceeded to the chambers of United
States Circuit Judge Ross, where they had
a consultation concerning the foreclosure
proceedings. At 4 o'clock the entire party,
with the exception of Receiver Smith, left
for Santa Barbara. Mr. Smith went to
Santa Monica this evening to visit his
family.
With reference to a recent dispatch from
New York, stating that Judge Collier's de
cree of foreclosure in the case of the United
States Trust Company vs. the Atlantic
and Pacific Railroad was but a preliminary
step toward the sale of that line, Receiver
Smith said the decree covered only that
part of the line in New Mexico, but he be
lieved decrees would also be shortly issued
covering the property in Arizona and Cali
fornia. In reply to a question as to whether
Huntington had secured control of that
portion of the road between The Needles
and Mojave, Mr. Smith said:
"No, but if Huntington wants it he can
hnve it. We are more than willing to sell
it. because we can build a parallel line to
fill the gap for 30 per cent less money than
it will cost Huntington. The Southern
Pacific built that portion of the road origi
nally, but Huntington does not control
the bonds. He probably would like to.
If he wants to buy the* road let him put
up the money and he will be surprised to
see how quickly he will get it.
• "The charge that I was chagrined at not
being elected president of the Atchinson
Bystem at the recent reorganization, and
in consequence was trying to throw the
Atlantic and Pacific into the hands of the
Southern Pacific, is false. I have no feel
ing in the matter at all, but as I said be
fore if Huntington wants the road let him
put up enough money and can have it."
MAYOR CARLSON'S CLAIM.
Declares He Has Secured the Nevada
Southern Railway.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., April Mayor
Carlson of San Diego is in the city, having
just returned from Denver, whither he
went to get possession of the Nevada South
ern Railway. He says that he succeeded,
and that he will commence work shortly.
He declined to say what he' had done
about the little matter of the $200,000 lieu
on the road, but declared that would be
all right, and that he would explain his
plans to-morrow— the last day in which to
redeem the line. If he fails it will be sold
by the Sheriff of San Bernardino County,
unless Mayor Carlson can devise some
legal hitch to uelav proceedings. It is be
lieved thai this is his scheme, and that an
attempt will be made to stop the sale by
means of an injunction or some' such
method.
The Nevada Southern extends irom
Manvel station on the Atlantic and Pa
cific along the west bank of the Colorado
River to Vanderbilt. Carlson made a
deal some time ago with ex-President
Blake, by which he claimed to have se
cured title to the road, bin the Sheriff of
San Bernardino has been operating it
under attachment for debt Carlson pro
poses to make it a link in the projected
railroad between Salt Lake and San Diego.
ALASKA INDIAN JUSTICE.
Natives Refuse to Prosecute a Man Who
Settled for a Murder.,
PORT "TOWNSEND, Wash., April 15.-
The steamer Topeka from Alaska brought
news of the acquittal of Chum Lung and
another white man, charged with the
murder of an Indian policeman at Sitka
last December. This murder aroused con
siderable excitement at the time, as the
Indian policeman was very popular and
his tribe threatened revenge. It is said
that since the murder was committed the
friends of the murderers made peace with
the tribe to which the policeman belonged
by paying the price set on his body by his
family. Then, in accordance with tribal
customs all over the Northwest, the In
dian witnesses refused to testify against
the murderers.
Seattle Juggernaut Victim*.
SEATTLE, Wash., April 15— The elec
tric street railway cars of this city claimed
another victim to-day, numbering two
children for the week that have been run
down and instantly killed. Willie O'Brien,
9 years old, a son of M. C. O'Brien, a
prominent contractor and builder, is the
latest victim of the juggernaut.
BANQUETED AT STOCKTON.
State Officers of the Young Men's Institute
Entertained by the Local
Body.
STOCKTON, Cal., April 15— The mem
bers of the Young Men's Institute of this
city gave a banquet to-night in Weber
Hall in honor of the State officers who are
visiting Stockton. The latter arrived on
the train from San Francisco this evening
and were met at the railway depot by a
committee from the institute composed of
C. P. Rendon, Richard Lauxen and John
T. Boyle, and were escorted to their hotel.
The visiting officers are Grand President
Lynch of Oakland, Grand Rector Ryan of
Vailejo, Grand Secretary Stanley and Su
preme Delegate McGlynn of San Fran-
After dinner a meeting of the organiza
tion was held in the lodgeroom in Weber
Hall, where the work of the society here
was reviewed. At the close of this meet
ing tho members and their guests ad
journed to the oanquet tables which had
been spread in the big hall and there a
generous repart was served. The organi
zation is a strong one here and several
hundred sat down to the tables. ; Speech
making was the order of the evening and
stirring and patriotic addressess were made
by Judge Rendon and the visiting dele
gates. The hall had been prettily decor
ated and a literary and musical pro
grammee had been arranged. Music was
discoursed by a harpist during the pro
gross of the banquet between the speeches.
The banquet committee was composed of
Judge C. P. Rendon, John Smith and P. D.
Campbell, who received much praise for
the manner in which they conducted the
affair.
MOURNING AT CARSON
Thousands Follow the Body of
7 the Late Governor Jones
to the Grave.
Eulogies Pronounced Over His Bier
by th 2 Pasters of Four
Churches.
CARSON, Nev., April 15.— funeral
of the Jate Governor John E. Jone3 took
place from the capitol building this after
noon. Thousands followed the body of
the popular executive to the grave. Gov
ernor Jones was a Mason and also com
mander-in-chief of the Nevada State
militia, and Masons and guards attended
in numbers. The funeral was conducted
under Masonic and military rites.
The ceremony was one of the most
peculiar ever witnessed in America, inas
much as it was also carried out by four
different religious denominations. The
late Governor expressed a dying wish that
each of the religious denominations of this
city be allowed five minutes in which to
express its sorrow or pronounce eulogies.
The Masons arranged, as he had wished,
and the four pastors of this city delivered
short addresses over the body. Rev. Mr.
Nash spoke for the Presbyterians, Rev.
Mr. Wilson for the Methodists, Rev. Mr.
Eddy for the Episcopalians and Rev.
Father Gartland for the Catholic frater
nity.
Professor Stubbs of the Nevada State
University also delivered an eloquent
eulogy, which brought tears to the eyes of
the hundreds of listeners. Mr. Hanford,
the late Governor's private secretary, fol
lowed the professor, sneaking for the Ne
vada Press Association, and bade farewell
to the man he had served and loved. Dur
ing the exercises four choirs — from
each of the religious rendered
music.
When these services were ended the
Masons toot charge of the body and held
their solemn rites. As the procession
started for the cemetery minute guns were
fired from Battery A. Four companies of
militia were in line, as were 200 cadets
from the State University. The procession
extended nearly from the town to the
cemetery, a distance of two miles. Thou
sands of citizens went to the burying
grounds, and it was impossible for a third
of them to get within hearing distance of
the grave. The sen-ices at the cemetery
were performed by the Masons, and as the
last word was spoken three salutes were
tired over the open grave by the State
militia. , "j irvi ■ y
Out of respect to the late Governor all
the schools throughout the State and the
business houses iv most of the towns were
closed. ■ _ '•••/ .. -y
THE TRAGEDY AT LATROBE
Walter Freeman Slain Because
He Won in a Wrestling
Match.
Slabbed Without Warning While
"Pleasantly Conversing With
His Opponent.
PLACERVILLE, Cal., April 15.— Later
information from Latrobe tends to prove
that the killing of Walter Freeman by
George Roberts yesterday was a cold
blooded crime. It was developed at the
inquest that young Freeman was not
drunk. The young man belonged to a good
family. The Coroner's jury in its verdict
characterized the act of Roberts as a "cold
blooded murder." All the eye witnesses
declared that no provocation existed.
A short time before the affray the two
engaged in a friendly wrestling match and
Roberts was thrown. Afterward Roberts,
withdrawn pistol, entered the saloon of
James Harm, where Freeman was with
about ten others, and was promptly dis
armed. Later he was seen with Freeman
in an apparently pleasant conversation.
He smiled as he took a large knife from
his pocket, opened it leisurely so as to
excite the suspicion of neither Freeman
nor his friends, and then instantly plunged
it into the necK of Freeman, severing the
juglar vein. •
In Trouble at Port Townsend.
! PORT TOWNSEND, Wash., April 14.—
The Chilean ship Republic, Captain Lersh,
has arrived here without a United States
consular bill of health, as required by the
regulations, and is subject to a fine of
$5000. , The captain pleads ignorance of
the laws, and says that when he cleared
from Iquique he received no instructions
about a bill of • health. Collector Saun
ders refuses to recommend a remission of
the penalty.
There are about 3000 Chinamen in the
city of Philadelphia and its suburbs.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY. APRIL 16, 1896.
WEDDED TO A
STOCKTON BELLE
Edward W. Hulse Leads
Miss Ollie I. Neill to
the Altar.
WINS A FAIR PRIZE.
The Young Lady Is a Winsome
Niece of Governor
Budd.
HE GIVES THE BRIDE AWAY.
A Pretty Ceremony, Viewed Only by
Relatives of the Contracting
Parties.
STOCKTON, Cai*. April 15— Edward W.
Hulse and Miss Ollie I. Neill, niece of Gov
ernor Budd, were married this aiternoon.
The wedding took place at tbe home of the
bride's mother on Channel street at 1:30
o'clock and the ceremony was performed
by Rev. E. D. McCreary ofthe Central M. E.
Church. The wedding was what is called
EDWARD WILLIAM HULSE AND HIS BRIDE (FORMERLY MISS OLIVE INEZ NEILL)
a home affair, as only the relatives of the
contracting parties were present, besides,
of course, the officiating clergyman.
Notwithstanding the fact that only rela
tives were to be present elaborate prepara
tions had been made for the event, and it
was a very charming wedding. The deco
rations were remarkable for their beauty
and for the taste displayed in their ar
rangement. Flowers had been sent from
different places, some of them having
come from the Capitol grounds at Sacra
mento. The front parlor, where the cere
mony took place, was in white. Pretty
festoons of smilax extended from a center
piece to the picture molding on
the wall, , and a marriage-bell of
orange blossoms and white roses hung
in the center. Roses of the same color
were banked at intervals about the room.
The back parlor was in pink. The sliding
doors had been thrown back and those
present witnessed the ceremony from that
room. Smilax was run on the lace cur
tains and the door leading into the apart
ment from the hall was banked with date
palms. Behind the shrubbery a harpist
played the wedding strains.
The bride .entered the parlor and took
her position ainderneath the wedding-bell,
attended by her sister, Miss Lulu Neill.
The groom was supported by Marion H.
Wright. The willowly figure of the bride
appeared to good advantage in a gown of
white alpaca silk, which was trimmed
with silk lace and pearl ornaments. The
bridesmaid was attired in a pink gown of
a plain pattern. The groom and the best
man wore the regulation full dress suit.
Rev. Mr. McCreary performed the cere
mony impressively, and Governor Budd
gave the bride away. At the wedding all
repaired to the . dining-room, where a
sumptuous repast was served, and the
couple received many hearty congratula
tions. The presents were numerous, and
were sent from different parts of the State.
Th_ bride and the man of her choice are
both well known in this city and in so
ciety. Mr. Hulse came here four years ago
from San Jose, and during his stay in this
city has made many friends. The couple
will leave on this evening's train for Santa
Barbara, whence they will go to Los An
geles. They intended to go with the Gov
ernor and party to attend the fiesta, but
that arrangement could not be carried
out. 7 ■_- ■
EDITORS AT SACRAMENTO.
Members of the Nevada Press Associa
tion Entertained.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., April 15.—
members of the Nevada Press Association,
en route to Santa Barbara, arrived in this
city at 7 o'clock this morning, and were
met by a reception committee composed
of the executive committee of the Califor
nia Press Association, which escorted
them to the Sutter Club, where a bounti
ful breakfast awaited them.
E. D. McCabe, private secretary to Gov
ernor Budd, delivered an address of wel
come to the State on the part of the execu
tive and Mayor Hubbard on the part of
the city, after which the visitors were es
corted to the Capitol and other points of
interest. E. D. Willis ofthe Record-Union
acted as toastmaker, and responses were
made by N. A. Hummel, Samuel Davis
and E. D. Kelly, ' '
The Nevada visitors are: N. A. Hum
mel, Wadsworth Dispatch; Mr. and Mrs.
M. S. Riddel and G. R. Vardri, Deeth Tid
ings; E. B. Kelly, Reno Journal,
wife and daughter and Miss Webster;
C. W. Patterson, Yerington . Rustler;
E. J. Parkinson, Nevada Tribune;
Isaac Olcovich, Carson Weekly; Mr.
and Mrs. Sam Davis, Carson Appeal;
W. W. Booher and nephew, Elko Inde
pendent; R. C. Blossom and sister, Cen
tral, Nev. ; C. H. Sproule and wife, Elko
Free Press; Allen C. Bragg, Reno Gazette;
G. M. Smith and wife and Mrs. Beers,
Genoa Courier; Mrs. H. H. Hogan, Reno
PJaindealer, and J. E. McKinnon, Virginia
Enterprise.
PACIFIC COAST POLITICS.
Anti-Simon Republicans Name a Ticket at
Portland— Late Election
Returns.
PORTLAND, Ob., April 15.— The bolt
ing faction of the Republican city and
county convention, headed by Judge
Carey, held its adjourned meeting to-day.
The Anti-Simonites nominated a full
ticket and ex-Mayor W. S. Mason was
chosen to head it for Portland's next
Mayor.
Mason is a very popular candidate, inde
pendent of all other considerations. The
convention denounced in an unmeasured
degree the treatment accorded its mem
bers by the city press during the recent*
conventions. Whenever the name of Sen
ator Mitchell was mentioned in the con
tention there was great applause. The
division in the Republican ranks has
given hope to Democratic, Independent.
Populist and Prohibition candidates.
SOLANO COUNTY CONTEST.
Attempt to Prevent an Election to Choose
Township Officers.
SUISUN, Cal., April 15— Board of
Supervisors passed a resolution last week,
ordering the County Clerk to purchase
from the Secretary of State a quantity of
ballot paper for use at an election, based
upon the assumption that township
officers are to be chosen at the election In
November. 7-
As a taxpayer, David Hale has filed an
action against the board to perpetu
ally enjoin and restrain it from appropri
ating money from the county funds for
the purpose of carrying out the provision*
of the resolutions passed by the Super
visors, or from expending any money in
making provision for an election to fill" the
county and township offices of Solano
County, to be held in November. The
| case will come before Judge Buckles at an
; early date.
Santa Clara County Delegates.
SAN JOSE, Cal., April 15.— The Repub
lican County Central Committee has
elected the following delegates to the
Republican State Convention at Sacra
mento: James W. Rea, A. McDonald,
Albert Late, H. V. Morehouse, A.
S. Mangrum, Dr. P. K. Dow, S.
G. Tompkins, G. W. Scott, E. P.
Main, L. L. Natinger, George Taylor, Philo
Hersey, Frank Covey, John R. Norton,
Lyman Barr, F. C. Franck, Miles Hillis
ter, S. F. Ayer, Sam Close, Fred Ellis,
George E. Rea, James A. Sargent, George
Dunlap, R. R. Bulmore, Mat Arnerich,
Fen Massol and John R. Johns.
Six Are for Silver.
SEATTLE, Wash., April 15.— One of the
delegates to the National Democratic Con
vention, chosen yesterday at Tacoma, is
authority for the statement that six rather
than five of the delegates selected will vote
for a free silver Presidential candidate;
that the silventes will retire Hon. Hugh
C. Wallace of Tacoma as Washington's
representative on the National Democratic
Committee.
Tuba and Suiter Representatives.
MARYSVILLE, Cal., April 15.—
Central Committee of Yuba County this
evening elected the following delegates to
the State Convention : W. M. Cutter, D.
E. Knight, J. C. White, G. W. Hutchins,
A. C. Irwin and S. D. Woods. The Sutter
County Central Committee selected A. H.
Wilbur, R. C. Kells. Irwin Griffiths and A.
H. Hewitt.
CLEVER COLUSA BANDIT
Robs a Stage of Its Mail Pouch
Without Disturbing the
Driver.
The Theft Not Discovered Until the
Loot Is Found Two Months
Later.
COLUSA, Cal., April James Cropp
and Thomas Anderson found a mail pouch
filled with letters and papers that never
reached their destination. They were
opposite the Kilgore ranch, two miles
from Sycamore, when Cropp noticed some
thing on top of one of the stringers under
a bridge. He at first thought it was a coat,
but upon examination it proved to be a
United States mail pouch. It had been
cut open, the contents rifled and then
replaced. An investigation resulting from
the find reveals the singular fact that the
stage robber who secured the mail was not
detected, nor did the driver or the post
office clerks discover their loss. The con
clusion the authorities have reached is
that he placed an empty sack in the stage
after securing the filled pouch and left his
victims none the wiser.
Cropp brought his find to Colusa and
delivered it to Sheriff E. W. Jones, who
upon investigation found that it contained
the mail from Marysvilie to West Butte
and Kent. The letters were dated and
postmarked Marysvilie, February 6 and 7,
1890, which shows it must have been taken
over two months ago. The Sheriff im
mediately telephoned to the Marysvilie
postmaster and also to the postmasters at
Kent and West Butte asking them if they
had ever failed to receive a mail pouch.
Each said ho had not; that his books
showed the mail had arrived on time
every day. Frank Myers, the stage-driver,
was questioned and said that he handles
only three pouches between Marysvilie
and Colusa and had never missed carrying
and delivering them on time.
One of the recovered letters was from
Warden Hale of San Quentin to W. J.
Wilbur. ' -»-\ \"
SAN JOSE'S ARMY
OF VOLUNTEERS
Ballington Booth Has Not
Been Deserted by His
Followers.
GROWTH OF THE ORDER.
Other Towns Will Follow the
Lead of the Garden City
Pioneers.
BRIGADIER KEPPEL IN ERROR.
Indignent Denial of the Salvationist's
Statement Minimizing the
Defection.
SAN JOSE, Cal., April 15.— The state
ment made yesterday by Brigadier J. J.
Keppel to a Call reporter that the San
Jose defection in the Salvation Army
ranks had been "headed off" is ridiculed
by tho leaders of the Volunteer movement
in this city, who declare emphatically that
their forces were never in better condition
nor more hopeful of final success than at
the present time. Yesterday advices were
received from Commander Ballington
Booth at New York stating tbat the new
post was duly sanctioned and recognized
as the pioneer organization on the coast.
The standard will be sent at once and a
large supply of the Volunteers' organ, the
Gazette, will be on hand for sale by the
local members the coming week.
It is expected that San Jose will be made
a district headquarters and a well-known
field officer in the old army on the coast
will soon take charge as adjutant of the
district. The local workers are busily en
gaged in canvassing for funds to support
the new work and are meeting with splen
did success, all classes of society rallying
to its aid. As soon as arrangements are
completed the new hall already selected
will be opened and the work pushed vigor
ously.
A telegram was yesterday received from
Colonel Fielding of Chicago, lately in
command of the northwest division of the
old army, giving important counsel to the
local corps. Either the commander, Mrs.
Maud Booth, or Colonel Fielding will
shortly visit the coast in the interests of
ihe new organization. '
Besides the San Jose organization two
other posts are already being organized
and will be announced soon and other
places are in communication with the San
Jose workers. The statement made that
the ringleaders had returned to the old
army is pronounced by the local Volunteers
as untrue. Last Sunday Major Halpin
and wife visited San Jose, accompanied by
Captains William Day, Fong Foo Sec,
William Bourne and wife, and held a num
ber of meetings in an endeavor to stop the
hegira toward Ballington Booth. In the
morning a soldiers' council was held in the
barracks, to which the Volunteers were in
vited, and an attempt was made to explain
the differences now agitating the army.
At the meeting the resignations of the
Volunteers were accepted, with the assur
ance that all who wished would be at lib
erty to return to the army by simply
signing the articles of war anew. At this
time the fact that Bailington Booth would
organize on the coast soon was not known,
and as a consequence a few of the Volun
teers, fearing the possible miscarriage of
the movement, returned to the army. The
publication of Ballington Booth's state
ment the following day in the press of the
State, however, at once revived their inten
tion to stand by him and his work, and all
but three of the soldiers signified their in
tion of joining his organization as soon as
it was perfected. Others, on reading the
statement, have expressed their determina
tion to enlist, and the new army will be
gin its work shortly with a strong force,
backed by substantial moral and financial
support in the community.
The following statement made by Adju
tant Wood in the San Francisco papers is
severely criticized in San Jose, as its facts
are obviously incorrect:
"Furthermore," said the adjutant, "these
people leaving the San Jose camps count for
little anyway. They were grumblers and are
better out of the army. I have recently re
turned from San Jose and know the facts. The
officers who have left are only non-commis
sioned officers, bearing about the same relation
to the army that a deacon does to a church."
Captain W. Thompson, in charge of the
local corps, being shown the article de
clined to give it his sanction, expressing
his astonishment that the adjutant should
have made such a statement. The fact
that the doors of the army were thrown
open last Sunday to all Volunteers who
were willing to return to the old organiza
tion robs the statement of its force, while
the presence of regular commissions in
the hands of nine local officers who have
resigned disproves effectively the other
allegations ascribed to the adjutant in the
article quoted. , .
NORMAL SCHOOL GRADUATES.
Governor Budd Addresses the Recipients
of. Diplomas.
SAN JOSE, Cal., April 15.— The gradu
ating exercises at the Normal School this
morning were well attended.' Governor
Budd and the trustees, who were in at
tendance at the joint meeting of the
boards ofthe three Normal schools yester
day, were present. The Governor ad
dressed the graduating class.
The graduates, twenty-four in numher,
were: Lucy A. Baker, Carena .F. Bose,
Lelia E. Clark, Kate £. Doyle, Minnie
Hopkins, Mabel A. Nikirk, Mayne A. Sny
der and Wilhelmina AY^ndt, Santa Clara
County; Gertrude M. Collins and Frances
B. Dutot, Santa j Cruz County Nellie A.
Harris, Sacramento County; Gertrude P.
McConnell, Olive M. Painter and Antoi
nette Smart, Alameda County; Annie J.
Adcock, Monterey County; Jennie L. Bos
well, Contra Costa County; Mildred J.
Farrell, Sonora County; Emma J. Fame
man, Mono County; Lydia E. Grate, Napa
County; Charlotte M. Hoak, Mendocino
County; Elma J. Holmes, Solano County;
Robert J. Kynaston, Calaveras County ;
Lulu Thorp, San Joaquin County; Emma
V. Waldroff, San Mateo County. Another
class of about forty will be graduated in
June.
Los Gatoa to Celebrate.
SAN JOSE, Cal., April 15.— Los Gatos is
making preparations to observe Mayday
in a fitting manner. Besides the flower
show under the auspices of the Floral So
ciety the firemen ; will give a picnic at
Shore's Grove. There will be dancing and
athletic sports of all kinds and a tug-of
war contest between companies 1 and 2 of
the Fire Department. The fire companies
of Saratoga and Campbell have been in
vited to join in the contest.: .". ■ ;%
Lutherans in Session.
SAN JOSE, Cal., April 15.— The sixth
annual session of the California Synod of
the Lutheran church opened in Grace
Church this evening. Rev. Charles Mag
gart of San Diego, president of the synod,
delivered the annual sermon. To-morrow
morning the business session will com
mence. The fifth annual session of the
Women's Home and Foreign Missionary
Society, an auxiliary of the synod, con
venes to-morrow. Fifty delegates are in
attendance at both meetings.
Snyder- Cambers Nuptials.
SAN JOSE, Cal., JApril 15.— mar
riage of Leslie B. Snyder of • Stockton and
Miss Nellie E. Cambers was celebrated at
the residence of the bride's parents, Mr.
and Mrs. J. B. Cambers, at 66 South
Market street, at 3 o'clock this afternoon.
After a reception, Mr. and Mrs. Snyder
left on an afternoon train for San Fran
cisco. The. will make their home in
Stockton, where Mr. Snyder is connected
with the McCormick Harvesting Machine
Company. t
Death of a Pioneer.
SAN JOSE, Cal., April 15.— Dennis J.
Madigan, a pioneer resident of this valley,
died at his home in Santa Clara at an early
hour this morning. He was a native of
Ireland and in his sixty-fourth year. He
arrived in California in 1860, and four years
later settled in Santa Clara.
Professor Perrine Honored.
SAN JOSE, Cal.. April 15.— The comet
medal of the Astronomical Society of the
Pacific has been awarded to C. D. Perrine,
assistant astronomer of the Lick Observa-
Tory, for his discovery of an unexpected
comet on February 15.
SANTA MONICA'S GUESTS
Eastern Hotel Men Dance, Drive
About and Partake of a
Barbecue.
They Witness Spanish Sports and
Are Bombarded With Flowers
by Children.
SANTA MONICA, Cal., April 15.— The
Hotel Men's Mutual Benefit Association
of the United States, 500 strong, arrived
from Los Angeles last night and were en
tertained at the Arcadia. Tbe visitors
danced and made merry in the hotel par
lors. The decorations all over town were
of the most lavish and artistic character.
The ballroom at the Arcadia was ar
ranged as a fairy bower, with a wealth of
blossoms and evergreens.
To-day's entertainment was commenced
by drives about the surrounding country,
which presented more the appearance of a
parade as vehicle after vehicle took its
load of guests on their tour of inspection.
At 11 o'clock a grand barbecue was par
ticipated in by all, and as it was a novel
feast to most of the guests it was relished.
Then came Spanish sports, including a ring
tournament, lassoing wild horses and an
exciting sport \in which horsemen
mounted on spirited steeds picked up
handkerchiefs from the ground while rid
ing at full speed. The" most interesting
and impressive part of the programme
was the school children's parade, 500
youngsters being in line.
Whan they reached the gaily decorated
grand stand, on which were seated the
guests, they commenced showering them
with flowers, and that ceremony concluded
they commenced making a "floral flag.
hen this was completed it was raised and
saluted and then presented to the associa
tion as a memento of the day.
In the evening an attractive programme
of aquatic sports was rendered at North
Beach. At 11 o'clock the special train,
with its twenty-two Pullman cars contain
ing the jolly party, pulled out for Santa
Barbara.
CYCLISTS BREAK RECORDS.
Fast Time Made by Wheelmen on the
Coronado Track.
SAN DIEGO, Cal., April 15.— Randall
and Schefski, the crack tandem riders.who
have broken several world's records at the
Coronado track during the past few days,
won new laurels to-day by cutting a second
off the one-third mile, paced. They made
it in 31 2-5, paced by Dow and Parker.
Stayer and "Weihsett cut the world's
two-thirds of a mile tandem record to
1:12 2-5, the previous record of 1:15 4-5 by
Cabbana and Titus at Denver having stood
for nearly two years. Kiser made two at
tempts for the paced half-mile, but was
unable to hold the pace when the pace
makers reached the wind, as he has been
suffering from a cold. On the second at
tempt Randall and Schefski went all the
way and made the remarkable time of
47 3-5 seconds.
SCHEME OF A VICTORIA MAN.
Will Establish a Homing-Pigeon Service
to Clayoqust Island,
VICTORIA, B. 0., April 15.— F. Maene
sen of this city has conceived an ingenious
method of carrying on correspondence
with Clayoquot. He means to establish a
regular homing -pigeon service. He has
#81
W. W. M'NEILL.
One of the kindest of gentlemen that
ever put pen to paper, that ever spoke
word to man, is Mr. W. W. McNeil. Hos-
pital Steward of the Second Artillery, N.
G. C. Mr. McNeil is not very talkative,
but what he says he means, and when he I
does say anything it is with the best inten- !
tion in the world. He has none but the
best feeling for Joy's Vegetable Sarsapa-
rilla, and gladly told the writer of the
great good Joy's had done. Said be: "I j
used Joy's Vegetable Sarsaparilla because :
I felt dull, heavy, almost sluggish. As
soon as I discovered that I needed some-
thing to make me feel good I tooK a bottle
of Joy's Vegetable Sarsaparilla, and after ■
using the second bottle I became my old |
self again. Mind you, I was not on the
brink of the grave; I merely wanted a
blood medicine and I used Joy's. Yes; I I
found the remedy pleasing to take and
'effective." -
imported from San Francisco a number of
trained birds, and instead of receiving his
mail once a fortnight, as* at present, he ex
pects in the future to get it in less than
two hours after it is sent.
Clayoquet is distant 180 miles from Vic
toria, on the west coast of Vancouver
Island. Interests there include the man
agement of a large salmon-packing
station. As there is no telegraph line
near by, and but comparatively little com
munication with the place otherwise,
Mr. Magnesen's experiment will be
watched with interest. His scheme is one
which also affects shipping-men, for it is
not over two months ago since the United
States cutter Corwin discovered a partially
starved shipwrecked crew not over thirty
miles distant from the place.
•-•
UPRISING OF INDIANS.
Canadian Redskins Resent the Attempt
to Suppress Potlatches.
VICTORIA, 8.C., April 15.— There are
indications of serious trouble with the
Indians of Northern British Columbia on
account of the steps taken by the Do
minion Government to suppress pot
latches. On the upper Naas River a mus
tering of natives is reported to be taking
place.
Just as the steamer Danube, which ar
rived her 6 to-day, was leaving the north
from 600 to 700" natives had gathered to
hold a pow-wow to determine what action
should be taken toward resisting the en
forcement of the law. All are determined
to maintain the old custom. Not only
does dissatisfaction exist, but it is reported
that disorder prevails and the police
authorities are meeting with much trou
ble in Keeping peace.
The report brought by the Danube says
that the officers of law are watching the
Indians and imprisoning all who become
particularly often So serious is the
trouble regarded that bloodshed is antici
pated at almost any moment, for tbe in
dignation of the natives is common to
nearly all the tribes.
NEW TO-PAY.
4 ££^X* J> y
THE REVENGE OF THE PURSB.
People who don't open their purses s.
the right time and place wonder "where
the money goes."
Let us heal your purse and stop the leak
— here are samples of our medicine:
Boys' Suits, 12 to 19, dark gray and
mixed tweeds $4 50
Reefer Suits in plain brown and
black or fancy twill $160
Men's Single and Double Breasted Sack
Suits, all wool, various cloths $10 00
Men's Too Goats, covert cloth, silk sleeve
linings $10 00
MAIL ORDERS A SPECIALTY.
■mm 11 ■■■■■■■■ m
. — i — — i - .^™ r,
j IC.1 C. S. PICKLES, m
Quarts 12. Cts. *Jm
L£-J i ig | i \,MS
Above "Special" this week only. C. _B_r
"Smith's Weekly" tells all about ' *_r
the Specials.
Removal Sale now In progress.
Freight prepaid 100 miles and over.
smith's Monthly Catalogue free for postal.
SMITHS'^.™";,,
Largest Departm't Store west of Ch!ca_%
— — »
WEAK MEN
CURED AS IF BY MAGIC.
Victims of Lost Manhood Bhould send at
£_E_r once for a book
J&2 that explains how
>**^v/>v full manly vl«sr
l* -isprS%\ Is cMil J r i quickly
i>5~JT > V.3\ and permanently
■i^^SAj^^^^vCTiO) restored. No man
rf^ttSriStn^Jm suffering from
I / -«• : v^Sa*W l Wvih. weakness can af-
\/^J=x%yj /£&s ford to Ignore this
)L^r^Tfk_^y HfTiri timely advice.
>^y^C*T 800 tells how
y^ I ~Z^ strength, de-
velopment and tone are imparted to ever*
portion of the body. Sent with positive
proofs (sealed) free to any man on application.
ERI?MED!CALOO.,BUFF/*LO.N.y.
VINEYARD FOR SALE
TO OLOBE AN ESTATE. ■
CORTY ACRES OF SEVENTEEN- YEAR-OLD
_ vineyard situated one mile south of tha
thriving town ot Sebastopol, Sonoma County,
with a full equipped winery of 60,000 gallons
capacity; underground cellar, etc.; winery
surrounded by 1000 acres of vineyards; only
one more winery in the section: must be seen
to be appreciated; terminus of railroad one
mile from the place. For further particulars
address E. SCHIRMER, Bellevue Vineyard,
Sebastopol, Sonoma County, Cal.
DR. PIERCES
jgggaufe ELECTRIC
:lilfp BELT
j '^^^^^^ IS THE BEST.
V- %&£■ "■ We Have Them
teSt? From $5 to $25,
** „ And Guarantee
!lllli SI 5 BELT
I wß^f^^wi-^V^jP To bs Suparlnr to
I '^Ji^h^mh^ir^' Any Other Elec-
>f^s^w£^Avl trie Belt In the
{'■ <{&£ ' World.
<sfo All the Latest
.a i rfcfc ¥:*!> aj* Improvements.
l'^««S?_K\ I f*li^-^' «3-CaU or wrjte for
__RWlV?^BSfi2 « 1 Free "Famnhlet No. 2."
F^^^ :;: Buy no Belt till s" ou "**
a^r^SSilfk-~^^ "Dr. Fierce's." Address
| «*^^^^^^^ DRS. PIERCE & SON.
f^tX^^Ss^^Mi. 70 * Sacramento St.
{■ MaTf* ,{ cor - Kearny), 2d, 3d
*??>' and 4£ h floors,
W SAN FRANCISCO.
COS]VCOFOIjIT-313>1.
Opposite U. S. Hint, 100 and 102 Fifth St., San
> raucisco, Cal.— The most select faintly hotel la
the city. Hoard anl room. $1, $1 25 and 91 50 per
day, according to room. Meals 25c. Rooms, 50a
ard 75c a day. Free coach to and from the hotel.
Look for tbe coach bearing the name of the Cor
mopolitan Hotel. Wit. FAIIEY, Proprietor-
__^3_Sg__T WILCOX COMPOUND
-».^^f ( 8 *' 8 and SURE. Always reliable. Taks
nosnDstltute. Forsalebyalldrucßlsts. Jioa Bend
4c. for Woman' s Safeguard. WILCOX SPECIFIC
i CO., 228 SOOTH EIGHTH BT., PHILADA-.tA.,RACES DREW A CROWD.
Ladies' Day Was as Popular as
Ever at Ingleside
Track.
FAVORITES FINISHED IN FRONT
The Handicap a Canter for Cabri
Olive Captured the Heat
Race.
Ladies' day passed off with the usual
gusto and eclat at Ingleside yesterday.
Unmindful of the chilling wind that
brought a ruddy glow to the cheeks and
caused the male portion of the crowd to go
around buttoned to the ears in their top
coats, the fair sport lovers of the opposite
sex filled the grand stand and scanned the
horizon for tips. When ladies' day was
first introduced, some of the more daring
of the pretty young maidens would slip
down the stairs leading from the grand
stand to the asphaltum walk in front of
the betting-ring, "just to take a peek" at
the ring and the horrid men that wagered
their wealth with such reckless abandon
ment.
Like the apple tree that was the source
of such great perplexity to Eve, and
caused her to suffer from disturbing
dreams until she had tasted of its fruit,
the race-going members of the female per
suasion grew bolder, and yesterday many
of them were seen mingling with the men
just back of the bookmakers' boxes, and
the management will soon be compelled
to put up a sign "Keep off the grass."
California has not yet voted female suf
frage, and racetrack folk do not admire
the new woman.
It was the closing day of the two weeks' i
meeting, and as a number of the Eastern
horses were making their last appearance
prior to departing for the scene of racing
operations in the East, a large crowd I
turned out to see the sport. The card was
one of rare excellence, and some very j
pretty finishes resulted.
The favorites had things nearly their I
own way, five out of six passing the stand i
in advance of their fields. Slaughter car
ried off the jockey honors, riding three of
the winners.
A six-furlong selling affair, with eight
facing the starter, was tbe first event up
for decision. Sam Hildreth's Alvero held •
sway in the betting, becked from 8 to 5 to I
13 to 10. and ridden out, he passed the j
wire half a length before the 12 to 1 shot, j
Meadow Lark, ridden by Flynn.
The Nevada stable's chestnut horse \
Uncle Giles proved somewhat of a surprise !
in the mile selling run that was next on
the card. Don Caesar opened an 8 to 5 !
choice, going back to twos. He wheeled
When the barrier was raised and the book- j
makers kept all that coin. Little Bob I
went to the post a slight choice at 9 to 5.
Uncle Giles opened in the ring at 6, was !
played down to 4 and again receded to 7 to j
1. Until the stretch was reached there;
was little to the race but Boeder and All
Smoke. Macklin now brought Uncle
Giles up and in a drive to tne wire beat I
Little Bob out a head. All Smoke finished
a good third.
The betting over the mile and a six- :
teenth handicap was very open, but it !
proved a very tame contest. Of the five
Matters Cabrillo was a slight favorite over '
Logan, St. Lee and Kowaisky, going to the ;
post 13 to 5. Jones sent the first choice !
out in front as soon as the field was sent
away, and, always in the lead, won, eased
up, two lengths before Logan. Third place
was taken the last jump by Collins.
All scratcnedoutof the rive-furlong heat
race but four. Olive was a 3 to 5 chance
and captuied the first heat cleverly by a
head after Gold Bug and Levena C had
made the running. Gold Bug finished in
the place. The books now held the favor
ite at 2 to 5, and in a drive she placed the
next heat and race to her credit hv beat
ing Dungarven out a head. Gold Bug was
thrown on the backstretch, her rider, ;
Piggott, luckily escaping injury.
The hurdle " handicap at a. mile and j
three-sixteenths also resulted in a victory i
for the Corrigan colors. Contentment and i
Silverado carrying the green with white j
sash, coupled in the betting, went into the |
"THE CALL" RACING CHART.
Seventy-second day of the Pacific Coast Jockey Club's Winter neeting, iß9_-96. Ingleside
Track, Wednesday, April 13, 1896. Weather fine. Track fair. "ngicsioe
1019 t'tti^l' RACE— six furlongs; selling; three-year-olds and np; purse $400.
Index. I Horse, ace, weight.
1009 Alvero. 3 9
(998) Meadow Lark, 4.. 10
1003 Perhaps, 3 9
1007 Sohnitz. 4 11
9HH >nn Marco, S 9
10119 Ida Baner, 4 10
(9H9) The Judge, 5 11
891 jKepemer. 4 10
St. i/ i/ 2 -«/ 4
3 2 li/ 1y 2
663 3 3
2 In 22
1 3 1,4 4 2
| 4 6 1 55
5 7 2 7V2
7 4 Va 63
8 8 8
3 8
8 8
a 2
ft vs
I 1
7 a
8 1
8
lh
2 3
3 2
4 1* i
5 10
6 10
72
8
C. Slaughter....
W. Flynn
Piggott
IK. Jones
Cochrau
H. Brown
Bozeman
.Sweigel
Betting.
Op. a.
8-5
7
6
c
3
200
20
60
6-5
12
12
6
3
600
60
200
Started with gaie.
Won handily.
Winner, s. C. Hildretb's b. g., by Gano-Lillita.
Time, 1:17.
10^0 * KCOXD RACE— One mile: selling:
; conditions; purse $400.
I Horse, age, weight.
Betting
ip. Cl.
953 -Uncle Giles, 4.... 106 5
884 [Little P.ob, 4 97 1
994 (All Smoke, 4. 98 6
448 Abi P, a 105 3
994 Koeder, 6 104 4
956 (apt. rspencer, a..lOl! 8
1001 PI Fl, 4 97 2
956 Landlord, 5 107 7
994 Don Caesar, 4... 103 left
62
2 h
4h
1 b
• *
8 h
7 10
4 3
5 V 2
1 3
31
2>/ a
63
7 10
3Va
1 4
4 2
E*
7
6
lh
2h
33
4 Ms
6 4
BV2 !
7 10
8
Macklln
E. Jones
Rowan
H.Martin
PlßgOtt
Mcllugh
C, Slaughter....
Bozeman.-
W. Klynn
5
6-' i
6
10
30
100
20
60
8-6
7
9-5
12
30
20
250
12
100
2
Ktartinc-Kate used. Won driving. Winner, Nevada stable's eh. c, by El Rio Rey-Hettle-Hum
1 o^l THIRD RACE— One
; three-year-olds and up; handicap; purse 9-100.
Index. I
I Hone, age, weight, j St.
Std. jl4 % I s/ 4 J Str . Fin. J Jockeys.
In 12 12 13 13 13 E. Jones.
3% 2% 2 1 2 3 2 4 2 6 Macklin.. ..'"..'".
5 6 5 4 5 :3iA slaughter
2 1 3V 2 4 8 410 4 4 6 T.Sloan
4 6 ,4 8 ah 3 3 13 3 5 jCochran .'.'.'.'.'.'.'.
996 Cabrillo. 4 101 2
1004 l.OKan, a 105 1
1004 Colnns. 4 .92 5
100- St. Lee, 95 4 '
( 1012) Kowalsky, 3 95 *
S
5-2
7 ,
2
2
5-2
185
7
3
3 6-6
stftned with u'iite. Won easily. Winner, It. Van Brunt's b. c, by St.
ton. Time, I :49J£.
I OC?^0 C ?^ FOURTH RACE— First heat-Five furlongs;
; purse $-100.
lnd«>x. ' Horse, age, weight, j bt.l 14
(1007) Olive, 4 102 3
989 Oold Bug, 5 98 4
K29 jLevenaC,6 961 l|
1011 'Dungarven.it. 101 2
3 5
2 3
11%
R 10
2 4
1 h
4
3 10
1 1
2 4
4
1 1
2 2
•84
4
\C. Slaughter...
Pigcott
B. Jones
Cochr;in
Betting.
Op. Cl-
-7-10
10
2
6
3-5
12
3
8
1 Ci 1 ? 6 ?. FOURTH RACE— Second heat.
Index. ! Horse, age, weight. St. 14
(1007) Olive, 4 102 ! 1
1011 ilJungarvetl. a 101 2
82» iLevenaC, 6 . 90 4
989 -Gold 8u«,5 ...... 98 3
% ! % Str. Fin. Jockey. Beul
! OP-
?, 1 o » 2 o 1 h |c. Slaughter... 1-4
21 23 22 24 Cochran 10
IV4 In lh 3 E.Jones 20
1 Pigitott 4
ting.
01.
2-5
6
60
5
Started with gate. Won driving. Winner, E. L'orrigati's b. f., *y Apache,-Vlrgie. Time, 1:031,4
1 H9Q FIFTH RACE— One and
JLU— O. handicap; purse 8400.
five hurdles; four-year-olds and ;up;
Index. J Horse, age, weight.
Betting.
I Op. Cl.
1005 Silverado, a IS* 2
JOt iTemplemore. a.. .127 4
649 Col \Vei htman,4.l36 6
9»5 lUellringer, a 160 7
1005 Kir Beet, 6 152 1
<985)jK8pe ranee, 5 134 5
985 j Contentment, 5. .140 3
32
1 a
6
4 2
28
5*
4*
6 10
2%
B V2
3 2
13
2Va
56
44
6
1 2
4 3
31
5 5
6
2 1
1 Va
3i*
4 4
58
6
36
43
5 10
6
T. Murphy
Boyd
iSwlft
Spence....
Clancy....
Capps
J.Owens..
8-6 2
7 6
3 , 7-2
8 4
3 7-2
H .30
** **
Good start. Won cleverly. Winner, E. Corngan's eh. h., by Rutherford-Josle C. Time, 2:1514.
•Fell (irst jump. •♦Coupled with Silverado.
1 O'^4 BIXTH RACE— Five forlongs; selling; three-year olds and upward; purge $400.
Inde.x.| Horse, age, weight. 6u! 14
(1016) Wm. I'inkerton, 3 90: 3
1010 Georgf Miller, 6..115. 2
W74 Nelson. s 109; 1
(1014) Kamsin, 3 96: 4
Montgomery. 3...100j « .
Alpine. 6 ill 1 5
•
3 3
2h
1 2
6
34
2 1/2
11%
6 10
46
6 •
34
2 1
12
6
4 10
6
12 i
!!*
410 1
5 60 !
6
IC. Slaughter
C. Sloau
Shields
Cochran
K. Jones
Boz»man
6-5
6
0
2
4
10
6-5
5-2
11-2
4
20
200
Started with ' fate.
Time, 1:02 a .
easily. Winner, 8. C
eh. g., by Sbaanon-Fannie Lewis.
starter's hands 11 to 5. After Templemore
had led up to the last jump, he was passed
and beaten out a length. Colonel Weight
man was a good third.
The speedy William Pinkerton repeated
his winning performance of Tuesday and
placed the purse for the final race of the
day to the credit of Sam Hildreth. The
distance was five furlongs, and starting a 6
to 5 chance Pinkerton collared and passed
Nelson and headed out George Miller a
length and a half at the wire.
Traok and Paddock Items.
The Bay District tracK reopens to-day
with the Rancho del Paso stake for two
year-olds as the feature of the card.
Contentment, one of the Corrigan en
tries in the hurdle race, slipped after
alighting on the opposite side of the first
jump and fractured his shoulder blade.
The jumper was taken to a veterinary hos
pital for treatment.
Jockey Tod Sloan was set down for
thirty days by the judges for his indiffer
ent finish on St. Lee. Bidden out the colt
could not have lost the show.
When Ingleside reopens again, the able
j secretary of tho Pacific Coast Jockey Club,
! Sam Leake, will take the position in the
stand made vacant by the departure for
j the East of Associate Judge Joe Murphy.
The popular bookmaker and owner, Bar
j ney Schreiber, will depart for St. Louis on
; Saturday of the present week. Felix
i Carr, the "apple of Barney's eye," left for
; that city last evening.
From all accounts "Prince" Caldwell is
i "scrambling the eggs badly" with the
1 starting gate at the Southern meeting, ln
| a telegram to Secretary Leake, the super
intendent of Ingleside track, Mr. Allen,
| who is at present located in Memphis,
j states that the whole trouble lies in the
fact of having a flag to drop on the start,
an experiment that was tried in New Or
leans with ill success. Properly operated
the starting gate is as far superior to the
! human starter as a stake horse is above a
! cheap selling-plater, and the Eastern
■ horsemen that intend camping in Califor
nia next winter must be prepared to line
J up against the gate, for it is a permanent
I fixture in the golden West.
IN REALMS OF MYSTERY.
Professor Francis Angell on
Hallucinations and
Illusions.
Planchette-moving, mind-reading, table
turning and spirit-rapping were among
the subjects touched upon by Professor
Francis Angell of Stanford University dur
ing his lecture on "Illusions and Hallu
cinations" delivered last night in the hall
of the Academy of Sciences.
"There are undoubted facts," he said,
"which science is unable to explain. If
we were asked to say what we perceived in
this hall after leaving it to-night there
would be a vast difference among the de
scriptions given. Some would be faithful
and others misleading. We know that
some artists have so perfect a faculty of
mental imagery that they can paint a per
fect portrait from one sitting. An in
stance of sound memory is that furnished
in the case of Mozart, who after one bear
ing reproduced in written score the famous
'Miserere' sung by seven distinct vocal
parts.
"We have many things in mind which
have no present place in consciousness.
The ticking of a clock may be in our
minds, but we are not conscious of it until
it stops, as a general thing. Another
point is that the things which we have in
mind always tend to come into the realm
of consciousness. The question suggests
itself why these hidden thoughts of the
mind do not assume reality. I answer that
sometimes they do. We often keep them
down, and resist them, when they strive
to come to the light of consciousness; but
when we are free from conventional re
straints, as in dreams, in sleep, under
hypnotic control, or under the influence
of hashish, or opium, they become start
ingly real.
"Many of the tricks of so-called magi
cians are attributed to sleight of hand, but
without sufficient reason. The mental im
pression caused in the beholder by the
looks and acts or the performer seems to be
completely overlooked. The secret con
sists in the magician impressing the idea
of what he feigns to perform. The idea of
motion is incipient motion itself. This
principle being admitted, much light will
be cast upon the operations of the plan
chette."
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, APRIL 16, 1896.
COUNTRY CLUB GROWTH.
It May Extend Membership to
Other Than Pacific-Union
Men.
CHANGES NEAR THE PRESERVES
A Big Creamery and Special Milk
Train May Be Established for
Drake's Bay.
The dairy region of Marin County, from
Tomales Bay to San Kafael and within
easy distance of the North Pacific Coast
Railroad, is capable of supplying daily
with fresh milk and cream the entire
population of San Francisco. The railroad
people are willing to put on a special milk
train early in the morning, to run from
Point Reyes and connect with the bay
ferry service, so the product of the milk
ranches may be delivered in the City at
the proper hour in the morning.
J- B. Stetson, the president of the com
pany, and William F. Russell, general
freight agent of the line, can show to the
milkmen in that region that a creamery
enterprise at Point Reyes would be profit
able to both the farmers and the railroad,
but the milkmen yet prefer to adhere to
the old and safe plan of converting the
milk into butter. In order to get the
traffic the company may decide to pro
mote the establishment of a creamery at
Point Reyes and buy all the milk that can
be bought there, and, if necessary, make
the surplus into cheese of the finest quality
known.
Recently a company has been incor
porated to establish a creamery near an
estuary of Drakes Bay. where water power
is available, to handle dairy products by
what is known as tbe Russell process. Dr.
Burdell, Mr. Abbott and others are en
gaged in the enterprise. If plans in view
are carried out, milk and cream may be
sent by water, using tugboat service from
the landing near the creamery to the
San Francisco wharf. Tempestuous
weather during the winter season might
interfere with the transportation of the
dairy product, but evidently the promo
ters of the enterprise have taken such
chances into account.
A report has gained currency that the
preserves of the Country Club would be
cut up into sixty-acre tracts and leased for
milk ranches. The rumor in this respect
is misleading. Fred R. Webster, one of
the directors of the club, was seen yester
day, and said it was not the purpose of the
institution to so allot its preserves. Facts
which he submitted show clearly that
the club is in a prosperous condition. It
owns clubhouse, stables, kennels and
lands adjoining valued at $30,000, and is
not in debt. Its possessions or preserves,
over which it holds long leases, cover 76,
--000 acres of land. The hills and forests
abound in game. The many lakes and
streams are stocked with trout, and the
stock is replenished annually with 100,
--000 to 300,000 fish.
Among ihe tenants on the domain of
"THE CALL*" RACING GUIDE.
To-day's Entries at Bay District Track.
In races where the horses have no record at the distance to be run the records at the next nearest
distance are given.
Abbreviations— F., fast; Fa., fair; H., heavy; m., mile; t., furlong; •, about.
FIRST RACE— Six furlongs; selling. "
Name.
I Best
Lbs record.
Dlst.
9«9 !
(987)
»998
1017
1003 1
193
998 !
1011
935 '
935
1009 •
937
89ft i
980 !
966 j
1013 '
923 j
1003 I
895
989
Doubtful...-
I'na Fne Amo..
Claud Hill
Lucreiia Borgia
iTonino
I Hiss Truth
« lnra Wilson....
, Paros
'Jack Atkins
Veva
• Verasua
Sweet Kose
Khelvo
,Decision !
jDon Gara
;La Flecha.
j Virtrie A
I Valiente
Edgemonnt
Hazel D |
97 1:191/2
100 1:03
102 1 1:02%
j 95'l:0tii 1 4i
102 1:091/2 1
! 100 no rec. !
105 1:10
100 1:04 1,4!
102 1:05 Vis
9B 1:02 V 2!
97 :56
100 1:03
102
105 1:34
100 1:071/2
95 no rec. i
95 1:0134!
100 l:0 514 i
105 1:11%
100 1:121/2 ;
6f
Of
of
i 51/2 f
i 6V f
h'vi'i
5f
i 6 f
■■ 5 f
4%f
0y 8 f
"ii""
oy f
;"8f"
Of
pi/2 1
: 51/ a f
108 H.. L. Kzell | Doufct-Natchitoches
108 Fa. F. Hartman ! Torso-Little Flush
90 F... S?** 0 *? 1 Imp. Deceiver-Useful
F... Elm wood stock frm Imp. Brutus-I.edette
86 Fa. S. C. Hildreth J. 11. Fenton-Lizzio B
........ R. Terrance ; Keyser-Annle Florence
99 Fa. Wilson & Gillis. ! Imp. Sir Modred-Bedotto
103 H.. J. Carroll jimp. Keene-Gray Sue
: 9_> £"ii P. Atkin ....... I Hegent-Mlsadie
108 F... M. J. Kelly ; Imp. Greenback-Llllie W
106 1... A. Nlckells iSinfax-Partisana
91|i...-Burns*Wi»terhouse 1 Flambeau-imp. Fairy Rose
.'....; C. I. Thacker Sid-Sacramento Belle
92 1F... W. T. Donovan Imp. Wagner- Fleta
104 F... W. Earp Rathbone-Miss Melbourne
N. S. Hall Flambeau-Flam
i ,94 F... B. Ward ' Imp.True Bnton-Bleßertha
118 11.. IA. O. Morris Jim Brown-Viola "
102 H.. Lone stable Three Cheers-Ktta W
I 94 H ..jE. Barren Geo. Kinney-Flitaway
SECOND
furlongs;
:; Inside track.
Best
record .
Lbs Tk.
98 hT
107 : F.. .
119 . F...i
92 F...
133 H..
107 F...
110 F...
105 H..
I
i
934
896
1018
943
1009
448
896
966
966
»67
Chartreuse 11...
Sir Walter
IkeL
Hy Dy
Huntsman
Svengall
1 Sea Spray
I My Sweetheart.
Rapido
W. L. Munson..
104 1:313,4
1 109 1 :29 V 4!
111 1:84%
106 1:41%
106 1:07
10811:14%:
lllll:40V 2 '
101:1:051/1
103 j no rec.
106,
! 7f
1 7f
1 7 f
i lm
; 5f
:*6f
ir
|J. C. Humphrey !
! Elmwood atock frm i
i Garden City stable.;
J. H. Shields
!P. Herzog |
Elkton stable
P. Siebentualer
fJ. Matthews
K. Kaufman
|J. S. Oppenheimer.
Imp. Cheviot-Imp. Zara
:Nathan Coombs-Bessie
iMajor Ban-Miss Flush
Hyder Ali-Addie Warren
I Prince Norfolk-Haldee
Verano-P^xpi»riment
Imp. Marinfr-Maranfitte
Major Bau-Libbertiflibbet
Cyclone-Nyanza
Springbok- Astoria
1
RACE— One mile; selling.
Index.
(1017)
993
958
989
1017
Name.
Best
record.
I Dlst.
Lbs|
Tk.
Ip.Ms Hrummel
iStrathfiower
jThornhill
Road Runner...
I Service |
91 1:44% ;i m
104 1:42% 1 m
107 1:46 !lm7oys
104 1:181.4 6 f
t ll2 1:4384 il m
89, H..
100 1 ..
j 102 , F . .
nolii..
110 Fa.
(W.OB. Macdonogh
!g. B. Morris &Co..
T. l.undy
I Antrim stable
1 8. C. Hlidreth
Beau Brummel-lmp. Mirage
strathmore-Flwer of Meath
Imp. Cheviot- Ph. Anderson
Joe Daniels-Miss Hooker
Ip. Woodlands-Lady's Maid
FOURTH RACE— Five furlongs;
; Ranchodel Paso stakes; value $1500.
(938)
938
1015
981
836
1015
969 :
(669) i
832
1000
996 I
1016
Index.
: ! Best I
Name. Lbs! Record]
Rowena 8...... 117: :57'/ !
King street 113 :51i4'
' Cyrus King 113 :52 |
Dolore. 110 :50
Dolce 105 no roc.
Riistus 1102 no rec.
;Peaceman 1 105 no reel
True Blue 110 :47y 2
Mr. Cllquot 113 no rec.
Link Boy 108 no rec.
] Lady Hurst 95 ! no rec.
Dunboy 107 no rec.
Attlcus 110 no rec.
Howard 8 113 :39
Fleurde Li5....i110 :49i/ 2
Lumlna 110 1 :49i/2i
fin Don't- YKw c 113 no rec. 1
! Torpedo 118 :50 j
Name.
4% f
% m
|% m
1/3 m
3%'f '
i
1 9ft H.. RurnsiWaterhouse
111 ){.. Hnrns&Waterhouae
105 H.. L. Ez.ll i
97.1- ..(Pueblo stable
— ....I Pueblo stable
.... Bohemian stable... j
: ' Cambridge stable . . I
107 11. .Laurel wood farm...
Del Monte stable...
La Siesta farm
William Napier
Lone st ible
Woodlawn stable...
110 H.. I. T. H. shields
105|i<-..!E1 Prtmoro stable..
108 F.. I El i'rimero slable..
— ! ;J. Robbins
102 1 Fa. jM. J. Kelly
Ln B :Tk.
Owner.
Imp. Maxim-Lulu
King Thomas-Deception
j Viinquish-May D
Rosette
Flambeau-imp. Janet N
jFlambeau-Mageie R
Apache-Josie b
Duke of Norfolk-Carmen
Salvator-Widow Clicquot
Flambt-au-lmp. Camilla
Imp. Marteuhurst-Cheerful
Imp. Loyalisr-Qn Kapiolani
Finmbf-au-Amaiia
Imp. Whistiejacket-Zellca
Imp. Maxim- Flurette
Imp.Manenhurst-Vandalgt
Wildiale-Kn Don'tYouKnw
ißaclne-imp. Ouida
976
(1015)1
(1000;|
■■(975)!
3 f
1/2 m
j% m
i % m
FIFTH RACE— Six furlongs: purse.
Index.
Name.
] Best
Libs' record.
986
1016
1014
939
«86
991
824
Howard I
Montallade I
Sweet Fa vordale
All Over
'.Thelma
ißelllcoso
i Sir Play
! Duchess
104 1:28%' 7f
93 I:SUVo 7 f
88 1:02%", Of
104 l:30»/ 7f
1102 1:14 6f
1116,1:15 6f
i 90 1:17 6f
I 88 1 ;0134 5 f
ios;f..
1071H..
110 Fa.
111IH..
104!f..
112 j Fa.
W6.11..
911F..
R. K. Dolan
B. C. Holly
Burns* Wnterhouse
1 8. C. Hildreth
; Lawrence stic farm
! Pueblo stable
|o. B. Morris <fc Co..
I J. C. Humphrey....
Montana- 1- uatllade's Last
Imp. Favorria'e-hwt Home
Hanover- Deceit
John Happy-Pansy
Peel-imp. Janet N
[mp. Sir Mo.l red- Plaything
hd Corrigan-Charlotte
942
944
969
921
942
942
928
925
932
492
928
909 !
942
928 j
966
942 !
944
944 I
i Harry Lewis.... I
Racket
Ravine
Kosalle
Yreka.
Bert
Irish Chief
Kwlftsnrc
Faro
Miis Uarvin....
Tube R05e......
■Arfmus
: Jim Corbett. ■
I Gondola. i
Ginger i
Joe Hi 11.. .......
Crackajack..
!.<'•: -
Kam«.
Best
Lbs record. Dlst. Lbs Tic.
103J~~ ~
100 no rec .'
in ::: ;;•■
11l no rec . . .."
103 1:01% Of "■ 98 F.".
103 
103 ".'.'.'.'.'.'. '.""."'. "
103 1:0814 6%f '98 F.'.
113 I:O4Vi 6f 114JH.'.
108 1:09 by 2 86 F...
101 no rcc
100: no rec. .. ■ ]" "
113 1:1434 *6f ib" 0 F.'.'
104 1:08 5%f 105 1 F..:
113 iY6i% 'tit'" ioslf.::
103 no roc. ' |
111 = 1:0314 1 Of 132 "p."
J. Maddox
E. Kaufman
B. Levy
J. Grace.......
Wni. Stewart
J. L. Crooks
F. Brown & Co
A. H. 5ma11........
A. Y. stepnenson..
8. F. Capps....
C. Earl... .
A. Mnt1d0x.... ......
\V. H. Boiven.
W.P. Fine....
J. Guerrin.....
Joe Hill
J. G. Rogers
E. G. Grlffen
Versailles-Cousin Kate
Cyclone-Negress
Revellle-Nlena
Imp. Mariner-Kosy
Flood-imp. Bridget
Asterllx-Hannah E
Longfellow- Babee
Coloma-Laura D
Prince Norfolk-Avondale
1 , l i ? charm ' - Hampton
W ildidle-Agnes B
«T r S l » by T,' m P- Slr Modred
Wildidle-Rachael
Frank Rhoades-Della
Eolian-Respond
Kingston-Lady Golden
Winters-Ida O'Neil
Iron wood-Jennie Mack
liN'i ii ]■ a CK— Five ami a half
973
944
919
994
937
976
914 :
928
(966)
994 1
947
(771)
939 I
(944)
930
Monterey
Middleton
Miss Ruth
< liurl-s A
| Crawford
Candor
:Catch 'Km
iFolaski
lßanj»
iHauford
Mi. Air
Norm and le
I Starling
Elmer F
Red Bird
Name.
103 i
113,
108
103 1
116:
111
116;
109 i
113;
103!
1 109:
111 :
110
119!
103 1
Best
ecord. Dist.
1:13% *6f
1:12% 6%f
1:42% lm
lV»" fMfcf'
L: O3V 4 Of
1:04%; 5f
i":07% 'b'jaV
1:12 *6I
1:18 6f
L : 29 7 f
1:0284 5f
1:07$ 5%f
F .
F.J
If".'.
; Fa.
•j. O. Bayley
X White
A. H. Martin
P. Archibald
Antrim stable
F. Phillips
Mokelunmestkfm..
j Owens Bros
jOdell sta-ble
California stable . . .
W. B. Dodd
Ramsdell Garland..
J. Flynn
rloodmore stable...
E. C. Sachs
Owner.
Hidalgo-Glen Ellen
I Warwick- Lady Mlddleton
iSobrante-Rutn
iJohn A-Karly Rose
Apache-Emma Longfield
Imp. Darebin-Miss Clay
Ip. Midlothian-Liule Flush
Cn.pt. Al-Oold Gup
Peregrine-Lady Foster
Imp. Kyrle Daly-Vlsalia
Imp. Brutus-Young Jule
Imp. Kyrle Daly-Extract
Da/ tstar-Lariminta
Portland-Fan taise
Red Iron- Fannie Johnson
1071
•v.
»::
IF..
lE.
IF..
»:
1
the Country Club are many Swiss and
Italian farmers. They. are famous for suc
cess in dairy farming, and since Marin
County is a favored region by reason of
the great number of its springs, streams
and lakes, the dairy industry thrives. The
ocean fogs bear moisture in the summer
months, and hence there is no season of
the year when the grazing cattle cannot
find green grass. y\ \
The leading representatives of the Coun
try Club may decide to open its member
ship to other than members of the Pacific-
Union Club. , As the rule stands now only
members of the Pacific-Union are eligible
to the Country Club. ' To belong to the
City institution an initiation of $200 and
annual dues of $120 are required. Then
to join the Country Club there is another
initiation fee of $150, as well as annual
dues of $100, so the cost of initial mem
bership in the club reaches $570. Of the
100 members belonging to the institution,
that number being the present limit, per
haps not more than twenty-five take an
active interest in fishing and hunting, and,
indeed, all of these are not enthusiasts in
the sport.
It has been suggested that other young
men of the City, who would make excellent
members and fully comprehend the spirit
and purposes of the organization, should
be admitted to membership without first
joining the Pacific-Union.
KELLOGG'S UNKNOWN PEIENDS.
Result of tbe Publication of a Fake
Story Concerning Her.
Clara Louise Kelloyg's occasional ap
pearance at a modest downtown table
d'hote a year ago gave rise to the story
that has gone the rounds of Western
country papers that her once large for
tune had been lost in business speculation,
making it necessary for her to live in the
cheapest fashion. This story was pub
lished in a freak New . York newspaper
first, and the poverty of the famous singer
was described with much pathos. Once
started, the story traveled rapidly,
to the amusement of Miss Kel
logg's friends, who knew that several
hundred thousand dollars stood between
her and the poverty so graphically de
scribed. Not long ago the farmers' papers
of lowa published the story, and as a re
sult Miss Kelloge received "a tribute that
has pleased her. It was a letter from an
lowa farmer and his wife asking her to
make her home with them. The letter re
ferred to Mies Kellogg' alleged poverty,
and the writers said that they hadn't much
money themselves, but that if " Miss
Kellogg would share it with them
they would be pleased. If she
hadn't car fare, they offered to send
her money enough to pay her ex
penses. In explanation of "their offer
they said that a iew years ago they had
heard her sing in Chicago. Miss Kellogg
wrote to her lowa admirers that she ap-
Ereciated the kindness of sheir invitation,
ut that she had not been reduced to
poverty. She told them that she occa
sionally went to cheap table d'hote din
ners to get special dishes that she en
joyed, and to see the people who fre
quented them. Miss Kellogg wrote as
nice a letter as she knew how, and the old
couple acknowledged it, and replied that
they were pleased that Miss Kellogg was
not reduced to poverty, and at the same
time disappointed because she could not
accept their hospitality. — Pittsburg Dis
patch.
"The average length of life in Norway is
greater than in any other European coun
try. Recent statistics show that for males
the average is 48 years and 3 months
and for females it is 51 years and 3 months*
DID HOT REMOVE WEAVER
A Deadlock Still Exists in the
Board of Health Over
the Matter.
THE FINDINGS WERE ACCEPTED
Mayor Sutro Is Given a Week to
Look Over the Testimony
Before Vol ing.
Three members of the Board of Health—
Drs. Hart, Morse and Fitzgibbon— strove
yesterday to oust Superintendent Weaver
from his position at the Almshouse, and
the remaining two Mayor Sutro and Dr.
Williamson— succeeded in defeating the
project. After a mass of routine business
had been disposed of the findings of the
committee appointed some time ago to in
vestigate the Almshouse management were
presented and a motion made that they
be accepted.
The report found that there were seven
teen separate reasons why Mr. Weaver
should be removed, including mismanage
ment, incompetency, inhumane conduct,
untruthfulness and other matters.
Mayor Sutro objected to the acceptance
of the report on the ground that he had
not been given an opportunity to look the
matter over and decide how he should
vote. He offered an amendment provid
ing that he should be given a week's time
to read the testimony. and gain abetter
understanding.
The amendment was lost, and then the
report was accepted on the votes of Drs.
Hart, Morse and Fitzgibbon. Then the
report was taken up count by count and
accepted in that manner. Mayor Sutro
and Dr. Williamson declining to vote. Dr.
Fitzgibbon | made a motion that the posi
tion of superintendent be declared vacant,
but it was finally decided to postpone the
matter for one week to give the Mayor a
chance to read tne testimony and findings.
• "All right," said the Mayor. "You
can't come games on me."
It is not probable that the meeting at
which the Mayor will announce his de
cision will be productive of anything new.
Mayor Sutro has shown an inclination to
befriend the Weavera, and with the back
ing they have received from prominent or
ganizations and individuals in the City,
will probably adhere to his intention of
refusing to vote for their removal. Dr.
Williamson is still less likely to change
his mind, and without either of these
votes Weaver cannot be removed.
Milk Inspector Dockery made a startling
report at the close of the meeting regard
ing the cows and milk at the Almshouse.
He stated that out of a herd of thirty-four
cows nearly all were suffering from tuber
culosis and that the inmates ofthe institu
tion were fed on skim milk. The report
was accepted and placed on file.
The Journeymen Bakers' Union sent in
a communication asking that the board
appoint an inspector of bakeries. The let
ter named half a dozen bakeries that were
said to be in a filthy condition, without
ventilation and totally unfit for the pur
poses for which they are used.
The communication also stated that
there were a large number of baKeries that
use tainted eggs, or in lieu of even that,
poisonous coloring matter in the baking of
cakes. The board will consider this mat
ter.
A petition was presented by the em
ployes of the Health Office, asking that the
waiting-room for patients desiring to be
taken to the City and County Hospital be
removed from the rooms of the depart
ment to some more suitable location.
They declared the room to be a nuisance
and a menace to the health of those who
were compelled to work near it. The com
munication was placed on file.
Dr. Stahie, the Superintendent of the
City and County Hospital, sent in a com
munication denying that the meat at the
hospital is bad. He asked that the board
satisfy itself thoroughly on this point.
Professor Wenzell, the chemist of the
board, reported against the use of forma
line in the preservation of milk and canned
foods. He said that it was detrimental to
health and should not be permitted.
The Bank of England has 1160 officials
on its payroll, which amounts to about
£500,000 a year, and 1000 clerks. If a clerk
is late three times he receives a warning;
the fourth time he is discharged at once.
NEW TO-DAY.
IF To-day,
YOU \ Friday,
WANTJ Saturday.
To Make Money Buy Your Clothes
Now— During Our
DISSOLUTION SALE.
GREAT BARGAINS.
yyy;.
MEN'S <Jji Net
Stlf 1 ! lz W
SLITS JgaJ^ 18
$4/5, flliis
ALL : .:'jai::i«w-
SIZES, -"^y Goods
PRINCETON.
It's as good value as other retailers give
you for 810. 7* l yf r
EESS THAN r>i->"-\ r <-X-'*
MANUFACTURERS' COST.
OUB PKICK r.
During Our Great Bona-fide Sale.
HYAMS, PAUSON & CO.,
Wholesale Manufacturerers
OF FINE CLOTHING,
? • ' Selling Direct to the Public.
34-40 Kearny Street. |
NEW TO-DAT.
DOCTOR SWEANY,
San Francisco's Leading and Most Successful Specialist
Are You Cured of Catarrh?
NOT ONE
Who has sought a cure by means of patent medicines can an-
swer the above question affirmatively. Do not waste away time
and money in vain, but apply to a source who has cured thou-
sandsTof others and whom you know can cure you. An Inves-
tigation has shown that not one failure has been recorded
against DR. SWEANY during the last six years.
Facts Are Stubborn Things,
THOUSANDS OF TESTIMONIALS
Are on file in DR. SWEANY'S private office. They are volun-
tarily given, as true, deep and sincere expressions of gratitude
from people who had struggled in vain for years against the
ravages of Catarrh, until this successful physician restored
them to health.
ALL ARE INVITED
And everybody, whether RICH or POOR, receives equal care
and treatment, for DR. SWEANY is not only a physician, but
also a Christian and a Philanthropist.
MEN WHO ARE
WASTING AWAY,
DO YOU KNOW
That fully 80 per cent of the unhappy and forlorn who fill our
MADHOUSES are victlmsof SEMINAL WEAKNESS, NERVOUS
DEBILITY and their kindred causes?
! DO YOU KNOW
That out of every ten cases of CONSUMPTION five can be
traced back and the origin found in SEMINAL WEAKNESS ?
TAKE TIME BY THE FORELOCK
And secure proper treatment before it is too late, before you
are beyond medical and human aid. If you are suffering from
the effects of this terrible disease, suffering from early indis-
cretions, excesses and unnatural losses, which rob the blood
of its richness and the body of its animating influences, which
enfeeble the constitution and result in IMPOTENCY,
PARALYSIS and INSANITY; if you are tormented with morbid
fear and your days are passed with distressing thoughts of
your disease, then cast aside all false modesty and place your-
self under the treatment of this noted specialist. His experi-
ence in treating such cases has been world -wide ; he has cured
thousands of others and he CAN CURE YOU.
CHRONIC DISEASES
Of the THROAT, KIDNEYS, STOMACH and LIVER perma-
nently cured, so that there will be no fear of a relapse In the
future.
GONORRHOEA, GLEET, STRICTURE and that terrible and
loathsome disease SYPHILIS thoroughly and forever cured.
THE POOR who call at his offices on Friday afternoons are
welcome to the doctor's valuable services free of charge.
WRITE
Your troubles if living away from the city. Thousands are
cured at home by means of correspondence and medicines
sent them. Letters are answered in ENGLISH, FRENCH,
GERMAN, ITALIAN, SWEDISH, NORWEGIAN and DANISH.
OFFICE HOURS : 9 A.M. to 12 M., 2to 5 and 7toBP. M.
Sundays, 10 A. M. to 12 M. only.
ADDnSSS :
F.L. SWEANY, M.D.,
7^37 l^arfeiet Street,
OPPOSITE EXAMINER OFFICE, SAN FRANCISCO, CAL.
56
Wkt __ €kll
CHARLES M. SHORTRIDtiE,
Editor and Proprietor. 77 7**. "7
SUBSCRIPTION RATES-Postage Free:
Daily and Sunday Call, one week, by carrier. .$O.l
Daily and Sunday Call, one year, by mail. . . 6.00
Daily nnd Sunday Call, six months, by mail.. 3.00
Daily anil Sunday Caii- three months by mail 1.50
Dally and Sunday Call, one month, by mail.. .65
Sunday Call, one year, by mail 1.50
Weekly Call, one year, by mail 1.50
THE SUMMER MONTHS.
Are you going to the country on a vacation ? If
so, it is no trouble for us to forward THE CALL to
your address. Do not let it miss you lor you will
miss it. Orders given to the carrier or left at
Business Office will receive prompt attention.
NO EXTKA CHARGE.
BUSINESS OFFICE:
710 Market Street,
San Francisco, California.
Telephone Main— lß6B
EDITORIAL ROOMS:
517 Clay Street.
Telephone Main— lß74
BRANCH OFFICES:
630 Montgomery street, corner Clay: open until
6:30 o'clock.
339 Hayes street ; open until 9:30 o'clock.
713 Larkin street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
b\V" . corner Sixteenth and Mission street.; open
until 9 c'clock.
2618 Mission street; open until 9 ©'cloci.
US Mnth street; open until 9 o'clock.
OAKLAND OFFICE :
808 Broadway.
EASTERN OFFICE:
Booms 31 and 32, 34 Park Row, New York City.
DAVID M. FOMZ, Special Agent.
THURSDAY APRIL 16, 1*96
THE CALL SPEAKS FOR ALL.
An unpledged delegation is the thing.
Perhaps Holmes thought his confession
was "just killing.'"
It rained yesterday, but the spirit of the
primaries was not dampened.
As a work of political art the Kelly and
Mahoney combination will figure only as
a bust.
The creation of Cleveland's that will live
longest is probably the Venezuelan Com
mission.
Whenever a Democrat sees a brick he
throws it whether he sees a head to throw
it at or not.
Santa Barbara took the lead in starting
California festivals and has a very pretty
show of keeping it.
Spain may get a considerable revenue
from Cuba, but it is not enough to defray
the cost of keeping it-
California is opposed Io none of the
great leaders of the Republican party and
should not appear to be so.
In scattering all over the country many
Democrats are deluded into the belief that
they are spreading themselves.
People who have as a rule the least sym
pathy with Populist fads would like to get
an imperative mandate on Grover.
Eastern editors of all shades of political
opinion have about agreed that the man
who wrote of balmy spring was an idiot.'
Cleveland will not fire the gun of Amer
ican recognition of Cuba until the sun ot
independence has got about noon high.
The funding scheme is on the teter
board in Congress and no one can tell
whether it will be taken up or allowed to
drop.
Eastern weather students have begun to
call attention to the fact that balmy spring
is the season when they have their worst
cyclones.
A worthy delegate will do his duty with
out a pledge, while an unworthy one
would not do it if he were made to take
forty pledges.
The war agitations in Europe are caused
less by a movement among the nations
than a desire to keep still without losing
their balance.
There may be seme doubt of the ability
of the Cubans to govern themselves, but
there can be no doubt of the fact that the
Spaniards can't. _yy-^ y.y.
The cathode ray excitement is dying out
and we are not likely to have another sci
entific sensation until Dr. Nansen discov
ers the pole again. -7-V7
We notice in a good many of our Demo
cratic exchanges from the East an carries'
effort to talk entertainingly about the
prospects of baseball instead of politics.
The faculty of Yale has ordered the
course of novel study discontinued, and
the boys will now have to revert to the
old way of learning a love story by prac
ticing it. y7y •;:;'»
The city of Cleveland, will be 100 years
old next July and proposes to celebrate
the anniversary with a four days' frolic
just to show it can be as frisky as any
young thing. ,
With the opening of the festival season
it is well to remind our Eastern friends
that there is room enough in California to
accommodate half the population of the
United States.
The Detroit people who are backing
Mayor Pingree as a candidate for Gover
nor of Michigan are evidently willing to
resort to anything to get him out of the
Mayor's office.
It is announced that a man named
William Shakespere wishes to run for Con
gress in Michigan, but it is not stated
whether the money plank of his platform
is a cryptogram or not.
California should send to the St. Louis
convention a delegation pledged only to
the principles of the party and to any man
whom the party may. name as the next
President of the United States.
While most people would like to see an
early adjournment of Congress they would
not like to see it until the Nicaragua canal
bill, the immigration restriction bill and
the Hawaiian cable bill are duly passed
and sent up to Cleveland.
The Ohio Legislature has actually passed
a law subjecting the managers of a the
ater to a fine of $10 for every hat in the
audience that shuts off the view of the
stage from any person, and it is now in
order to subject the manager to a further
fine for every fat man that crowds another
fellow.
Some people say if Quay were seriously
a candidate he would be at home fixing
his fences and not fishing in Florida, while
others say if he were not seriously in the
fight to a finish he would be pulling wires
in Washington and not fishing in. Florida.
In the meantime he continues to cut bait
*nd fish quietly.
AN UNPLEDGED DELEGATION.
The Call favors an unpledged delega
tion from California to the St. Louis con
vention. It is not opposed to McKinley,
Reed. Allison, CuUom, Morton or any
other leader of the party. It has can
didate. It seeks to advance no one Repub
lican leader at the expense of another. It
is opposed to none of the great men who
have been named for the high office of
President of the United States by the Re
publican party. It will support loyally
and vigorously any one of them who may
receive the nomination at St. Louis. For
that reason it stands to-day and will stand
all the time in favor of California sending
an unpledged delegation to that conven
tion.
The arguments in favor of an unpledged
delegation are many. A National conven
tion to nominate a President of the United
States should be a deliberative body. This
is true in all cases and under all circum
stances, but it will beparticttlerly so at the
St. Louis convention, since it is evident
that the man nominated at that conven
tion will be the next President of the
United States. The men who are to taKe
part in his nomination should be left free
to weigh the merits of ail the candidates,
to consider which is the most available,
which is the most likely to serve the inter
ests of the whole people, and in our par
ticular case, which will be the most likely
to serve the interests of California and the
Pacific Coast.
California has no interests opposed to
the Nation, but she has interests peculiarly
her own which are unknown to the Nation
at large, and which must, therefore, be
advocated by her own people. It is for
that reason that her delegation to the con
vention at St. Louis should be unpledged
to any particular candidate and left free to
advance her interests as best tbey can.
It is clear that if our delegation should
be sent with its hands tied, pledged to
some particular man, it would be re
garded as antagonistic to every other can
didate before the convention. California
does not wish to appear in that aspect to
the Republicans of her sister States. She
wishes to appear to stand as she does stand,
pledged to any candidate who may be
nominated at the convention. It is to her
advantage, therefore, and due to her posi
tion in the Union to send to St. Louis a
delegation pledged to nothing beyond the
great principles of the party and a cordial
support of its chosen leader.
California should have a delegation of
strong men, men of resource, men of
ability, men of brains, men who know her
interests and will defend them, and make
them recognized at the National Conven
tion. It is such a delegation as that whicii
The' Call supports, and we urge the co
operation of Republicans throughout the
State to assist us in the work of sending
to the St. Louis convention a delegation
pledged only to the Republican party and
whichever leader it nominates for the next
President of the United States.
ENFORCE THE LAW.
That the Southern Pacific Company con
tinues to operate its trains through the
City of San Francisco in utter disregard
of the laws and lives of the people is not
to be wondered at. At intervals, frequent
enough to have aroused the people of
almost any other community to a state of
riot long before this, is its list of victims
added to. Some are slightly injured, some
are made cripples for life, some linger in
suffering and agony until death comes as
a welcome relief, some are killed outright
with scarcely a mark to show the canse of
their sudden taking off, while others are
so horribly torn and mangled as to be al
most beyond recognition.
In every instance where death results
there lie three distinct causes of action —
two criminal and one civil. There is a vio
lation of the municipal ordinance prohib
iting trains from running faster than eight
miles an hour within the City limits; man
slaughter has undoubtedly been commit
ted, as the killing resulted from a willful
violation of a law, regardless of any other
circumstances, and damage has resulted to
the surviving heirs. An occasional civil
suit for pecuniary damages is brought, but
who ever heard of a criminal prosecution
of the Southern Pacific Company for vio
lating the eight-mile-an-hour ordinance,
when it is a notorious fact that their trains
are sent rushing through' the City at a
speed exceeding thirty miles an hour a
score of times a day; in fact, their pub
lished time-card on the coast division pro
vides for this deliberate violation of the le
gally expressed will of the people.
For each such offense there is a prescribed
penalty, which, if imposed through the
efforts of the regular authorities, would
probably put a stop to such sad scenes as
the one witnessed by two young girls on
Tuesday, when C. H. Green was struck
and killed by the San Jose express at Day
street. As described by the two witnesses
mentioned, "the 'train came whizzing
around the curve," at a point where the
law requires it to move at a race no faster
than eight miles an hour. But should the
infliction of the legal penalties for viola
tions of the law prove to b • without suf
ficient deterrent effect, the prosecution on
a charge of manslaughter, not of an en
gineer or a conductor, but the highest of
ficials of the Southern Pacific Company,
who are really responsible for the fast run
ning of trains and the consequent fatali
ties, might prove more efficacious. Here
is a good work for the Grand Jury to take
up. yyy-r ■■
A TKICK AND A FRAUD.
The people of California are warned that
the men claiming to have been elected at
the so-called Republican primaries in San
Francisco on Tuesday are parading under
false pretenses" when they set themselves
up as representing that element of the Re
publican party of the Fourth District that
favors the nomination of ' McKinley.
Neither the men who claim to be elected,
nor the bosses who arranged the farce, noi
the Bluffers who stuffed the ballot-boxes
are in any sense the friends of the Ohio
statesman. They are using his well
deserved honor among Republicans to
gain a factitious popularity and prestige
for themselves.; It is the old story Of the
jackdaw and the peacock's plumage, the
old masquerade of vice trying to shine as
virtue, the old effort of corruption seeking
to delude honesty by assuming to be in
the service of a noble man.
In the conduct of primaries in this City
there has been played again and " again
every form" of offensive trick known to
American politics. Some have been farces
some have been frauds and some have been
downright outrages. That which was
played out on Tuesday under the bossing
of Martin Kelly and Jerry Mahoney was
about the sum of all these villainies. The
scheme began 7 with, a trick sprung in the
State Committee, was carried on at a mid
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, APRIL 16, 1896.
night meeting at which forged proxies and
cunning lies were used as a means, and
was completed by stuffing ballot-boxes at
a farcical primary. To cover the villainy,
the indecency and the futility of all this,
the great name and honest fame of William
McKinley is now used in the hope tbat
under that cloak some loyal Republicans
will be deceived into accepting the rascal
ity and giving it support.
It has been just such offenses as these
perpetrated in the past that have made the
primary elections in this City the sources
of a thousand forms of evil to the State
and to the municipality. If they are to be
carried on with impunity it would be well
for loyal Republicans of the interior of the
State to pay no attention to delegates who
go to State conventions from such prim
aries. What kind of men are they who,
when the facts have been brought to their
knowledge, will accept an election from
ballot-boxes manipulated by the push and
the pull of Mahoney and Kelly? Whom
do these people represent? Does any sane
man believe the Republicans of the Fourth
Congressional District accept Mahoney
and Kelly as their leaders? Is any good
man willing to affiliate with forgers of
proxies, midnight tricksters and the stuff -
ers of ballot-boxes?
The vote cast at the general Republican
primaries which took place yesterday is an
emphatic answer to the challenge thrown
down by the bosses. In them the loyal
members of the party found an oppor
tunity to cast an honest vote and have it
honestly counted. Against the record of
those primaries the Kelly and Mahoney
gang will rage in vain. The friends of
William McKinley are not going to be de
luded into raking chestnuts out of the fire
for such apes as these. Rascality in poli
tics in the Republican party of this City
is no longer possible. The true leaders
have come to the front and have found a
loyal support from the great mass of the
party. The corrupt old district bosses
may forge proxies and the petty poli
ticians who follow them may stuff ballot
boxes at bogus primaries, but in the end
they will gain nothing. Honesty has won
the battle, and corruption stripped of its
old armor can rind no cloak beneath
which to hide itself from the scorn of men.
THE FIRST QUESTION.
Shall California send a pledged or un
pleaged delegation to the St. Louis con-
vention? That is the first question of the
campaign to be decided by the Republi
cans of the State. The Call, favors an
unpledged delegation, because it believes
California Republicans are not antagonis
tic to any of the men who are likely to be
candidates before the convention, and,
therefore, the delegates should not be
pledged to one to the exclusion of others.
It is the mission of The Call, however, to
speak for all, and to that end we invite
leading Republicans in all parts of the
State to make use of our columns in dis
cussing this question, so important to all.
We published yesterday among our "Let
ters from the People" a communication
urging a delegation pledged to McKinley.
That letter represented one phase of
the sentiment of the people. There
are other loyal Republicans who would
like to see the delegation pledged to
Reed, or Allison, or Morton, or Cul
lom, or Quay. Each of these great
leaders has a personal following devoted
to him, and in that following there are no
doubt many persons who would like to see
the California delegation bound to. their
favorite from first to last against any other
candidate whatever. The question there
fore comes: Is that the best way to con
duct Republican politics at this time? It
is a question that presses for an immedi
ate answer, as the State Convention for the
election of the delegates will soon assem
ble, and for that reason we invoke an
earnest but dispassionate discussion of it
at once.
It should be clearly understood at the
outset that an unpledged delegation would
not signify antagonism to any leading
candidate. Because some of the friends of
McKinley have been advocating a delega
tion instructed to vote for him exclusively
a belief has grown up in some quarters
that all who favor an unpledged delega
tion are opposed to him. That belief is
founded in error. Many of the stanchest
friends of McKinley are in favor of unin
structed delegates, believing that by being
free such delegates could have more influ
ence in supporting the man of their choice
than they would have if it were known
they were bound to him absolutely. To
the friends of McKinley therefore, as
to the friends of Allison, Reed, Morton
and the rest, the question of an instructed
or an uninstructed delegation is an open
one. It is an issue that can and must be
debated without reference to particular
candidates. To that discussion, we repeat,
The Call opens its columns and will lav
before the people what the earnest men of
the party think would be best for Califor
nia Republicans to do in order to make
their influence most potent at the National
Convention.
THE CHAMBER'S APPEAL.
The letter addressed by the San Fran
cisco Chamber of Commerce to Speaker
Reed ofthe Honse of Representatives' is a
firm \nd dignified reminder of that states
man's duty with respect to the Nicaragua
canal bill. It calls the Speaker's atten
tion to the fact that both political parties
have indorsed the canal scheme, that the
subject has been before several Congresses
and is now thoroughly understood, and
that he bears the responsibility of action
on the bill pending in the House of Repre
sentatives. He is given politely to under
stand that he is expected to give the
House an opportunity to vote on the meas
ure. The most interesting part of the let
ter is this:
"The development of our commerce, our
industries, our international influence, our
political and military safety, all demand
Its prompt construction under control of
our Government. It will no more injure
vested interests than the Erie canal or the
St. Mary's canal, both connecting the
Great Lakes. On the contrary, like them,
it will create a rapid development on the
west coast of the United States,' which
will aid inland transportation interests.
It will rapidly increase our merchant
marine and open the Pacific Ocean to the
Mississippi Valley and to our Gulf States."
The obvious meaning of this paragraph
is that the overland railroads, which con
trol the opposition to the canal bill, are
fighting it in fear that by crippling the
monopoly which they enjoy the canal
will decrease their earning capacity. The
fallacy of that fear is clearly indicated in
the letter, and the statement - therein
made has always been the contention of
progressive Californians. It stands to
reason that a cheap and slow route to the
great markets of the world for low-grade
products and those in which haste of ship
ment is unnecessary would stimulate the
production of articles requiring haste in
forwarding. It is on these latter that the
best profits are made by all connected
with them producers, transporters and
dealer?. As it is, without any such outlet
as the Nicaragua canal, the overland roads
have to carry all the ' grades, and as the
freight charges on low-grade products are
above a figure that encourages i their pro
duction, great industries which would be
developed by lower freight charges remain
undeveloped, and along with them those
which could afford to pay high rates.
lv short, the railroad companies have
always fought competition on the sole
ground that it would divide the traffic,
persistently ignoring the fact that the in
crease of production to which competition
gives rise more than offsets the loss com
ing from a division of the traffic. It is a
safe prediction that the Southern Pacific
Company will gain more from the stimu
lation of development which the Valley
road will create in the San Joaquin tnan
it will lose by competition with it. More
than that, there are products naturally
suited to water transport as there are
others best served by railroads; and no
country or section having the opportunity
to employ both these lesources can reach
its highest development without their
employment.
OUR NORMAL. SCHOOLS.
At the joint meeting of the trustees of
the three Normal Schools maintained by
the State, President Childs of the San Jose
institution made the surprising assertion
that there is a demand for 800 new
teachers in California every year. Of this
number the Normal Schools furnish -225
and the rest come from county examina
tions and immigration. The importance
of this statement lies in the fact that in
some quarters opposition toward the Nor
mal Schools exists on the assumption that
they are turning out more teachers than
are required, and that their presence is an
inducement to young men and women to
learn a profession which they will not
have an opportunity to pursue. The fact
is that the Normal Schools, numerous and
largely attended as they are, cannot sup
ply the demand.
The efficiency of our Normal Schools
has been greatly raised within the last
decade. Time was when there was a
prejudice, against teachers turned out by
these institutions. This was largely be
cause of their youth, but lack of confi
dence in the institutions was also a factor.
On the occasion of the National conven
tion of teachers held in this City a few
years ago the visitors freely expressed
their astonishment that -mere boys and
girls were so largely in evidence as teach
ers, the Eastern idea being that teachers
of more mature years were more efficient.
But experience has demonstrated to the
country and district boards throughout
the State that the enthusiasm of the young
teachers produced in California has a
special and superior value. As the Normal
School authorities tak^> a particular in
terest in the welfare of their graduates,
extra exertions are made to secure posi
tions for them, and this gives them a dis
tinct advantage. The fledglings remain
for a long time under the moral influence
of the Normal Schools, and so a double
good is accomplished. A certificate of
graduation from any of our three schools
for teachers now commands the highest
resoect. ...
The teachers who come from other States
are a sufficient leaven to keep our educa
tional system in close touch with the meth
ods of the outer world. Their influence is
observable in the State conventions held
every year, and this is amplified by the
presence of eminent instructors in the
Berkeley and Stanford universities. It is
difficult for one not intimately associated
with the educational machinery of the
State to realize the perfection of its work
ing and the importance of its results. In
no other part of the country is toe move
ment so earnest and virile. -While we are
absorbed in contemplation of the indus
trial ! and commercial achievements and
possibilities of the State, we are in danger
of overlooking the value of a factor which
is silently working for the achievement of
those tangible. results. Out of such an ed
ucational system, public and private, as
that which is nurturing the intelligence of
the people will come a solution of the
problems that are vexing us. California
13 becoming as famous for its schools as
for its fruits, flowers, climate and gold
mines. It is eminently fitting that this
engine for the advancement of our fame
and prosperity should receive the most
generous support of the people.
A FAVORITE SONG.
James Whitcomb Riley has addressed the
following verses to Professor Crouch, the dying
author of "Kathleen Mavourneen":
Kathleen Mavourneen , the song is still ringing
As fresh and as clear as the trill of the oird.
In the world-weary hearts It is sobbing and sing
ing.
In paLhos too sweet for the tendereat word.
Oh, have we forgotten the one who first breathed lt?
And have we forgotten his rapturous art?
Our meed to the mas: er whose genius bequeathed it ;
Oh, why art thou silent, thou voice of my heart?
Kathleen Mavourneen, thy lover still lingers,
The long night Is waning— the stars pale and few.
Thy sad serenader, with tremulous fingers.
Is bound with his tears as the lily with dew.
The old harpstrings quaver, the old voice is shak-
Ing,
In sighs and in sobs moans the yearning refrain,
The old vision dims and the old heart is breaking—
Kathleen Mavourneen, inspire U3 again 1
A VERY PRETTY WAIST.
. The long shoulder seems of the 1830 period
have had a decided effect on the modes of this
season. One of the most charming models is
shown here. ' The effect is best when two
materials are used— for the sleeves and the
under-waist, another for the body. Or the
sleeves may be of the goods like the body if
preferred, using contrasting goods only for the
under-body, which is visible at the top in V
shape both back and front. If one fabric is
used, braiding, embroidering or a design done
in braids, spangles, or both, is rich and effec
tive. A very rich- waist of royal blue velvet,
to be worn with a blue crepon skirt, was made
in this way. The embroidery was in multi
colors, the design being field flowers. A waist
of green cloth, on the mignonette shade, had
sleeves and under-waist of a rich China silk to
match.- An edge of sable finished the edges of
the cloth body. A ruff of green ribbon four
inches wide was gathered into the top of the
collar, in a novel and extremely stylish way.
A waist to be worn with a black satin skirt
had sleeves and V of the black satin, the body
of ox-blood red cloth. This was edged with
Persian lamb fur, and \ was well covered by
small black spangles sewn on irregularly all
over the surface. A ribbon of black and red
stripes was used in the same way, as shown in
the illustration, over a black satin collar.
A brown crepon dress had a plain skirt, the
waist being entirely of crepon, excepting the
Vs, and these were of blue velvet. The trim
ming on the edges of the crepon was sable. •
Another home dress had Vs of black satin,
with a fancy braiding on the upper edges of
the cloth bodice. ...^ . - -
AROUND THE CORRIDORS.
W. K. Sullivan of Chicago, ex-United States
Consul to Bermuda, and for a number of years
on the editorial staff of the Chicago Tribune
and Chicago Evening Journal, is at the Palace.
Mr. Sullivan is receiver for the American
Building, Loan and Investment Society of
Chicago, which furnished capital to erect
many buildings in the West, and which failed
Fome time ago for $832,000. Only one build
ing, however, was built by the company in
California, and that was in Bakersfield.
In the erstwhile booming towns of the North,
like Portland, Tacoma and Seattle, this com
pany constructed, or aided to construct, a
great many buildings of different kinds. It
also built many In Minnesota, and in fact
throughout many of the Western States.
Mr. Sullivan says he has already paid 20 per
cent in dividends since he took charge, and
could pay more now. It is his business to
W.K. Soil van of Chicago. Ex-United States Consul to Bermuda and Receiver of
• ' ■ a Great Eastern Trust Company, Now Hero.
[Sketched from life by a " CaU " artist.]
travel and keep an eye on the trust company's
various interests. Some of them are as far
East as Boston, and Mr. Sullivan has made lour
trips there during something Use a year.
The gentleman was a member of the Illinois
Legislature thirty years ago, serving with
"Horizontal Bill" Morrison. He was also very
close to "Black Jack Logan," as the general was
long called, when he was aspiring to the
United States Senatorship, to which he was
finally elected. , Mr. Sullivan has been a mem
ber of the Chicago Board of Education also,
and afterward was elected president of the
board and filled out that term.
He takes pride in being a newspaper man,
however, and expects to continue his career as
a journalist. He 19 for Senator CuUom for
President, and thinks Cullom will have about
eight-tenths of the Illinois vote to start on.
Allison would suit the Illinois people, too, he
says, as Allison is, beside being a neighbor, a
man of high character and ability. Over the
West he notes a disposition toward McKinley,
at least in certain parts.
"I have been in every Republican and Demo
cratic National Convention for twenty years,"
said Mr. Sullivan, "and have heard all the
great nominating speeches in that time. I
think the St. Louis Convention will be one of
rare interest. I would not be surprised if we
were to see some of the most strategic work
there that has happened in many a day. Of
course it doesn't make any difference who is
nominated — ho will be elected. This is why I
would not be surprised if there was a fight
for the nomination which will become his
torical." y"»7y-"
Mr. Sullivan will be here several days.
PERSONAL.
O. F. Paxton of Portland, Or., is here.
Ira D. Wines of Nevada is in the City.
Dr. F. M. Madison of Peoria, 111., is In the
City.
James F. Dennis, an attorney of Reno, is in
town.
Superior Judge A. P. Overton of Santa Rosa
is on a visit here. .
W. G. Blain of Colusa is at the Grand, ac
companied by his wife.
E. M. Brattnin of Paisley, in Eastern Oregon,
is here on a brief visit.
Ex-Judge J. M. Fulweller of Auburn is among
the arrivals at the Lick.
E. W. Runyon, who is identified with a bank
at Red Bluff, is in the City.
Captain H. K. W. Ayers of Port Angeles,
Wash., arrived here yesterday.
B. S. McElhiney, a business man of Fair
field, lowa, is at the Occidental.
J. Craig, manager of Highland Springs and
the hotel there, is at the Grand.
Gabriel Gregoire, a gentleman of Paris, who
is interested in California mines, is in town.
One of the pioneer merchants of Paisley,
Or., Virgil Conn, who has grown wealthy
there, is at the Palace.
John Flannagan, the leading merchant and
wealthy mill and timber-land owner of Coos
Bay, Or., is at the Lick. vy :
E. A. Whittaker, general agent of the Chi
cago, Rock Island and Pacific Kailroad, is
among the recent arrivals here.
D. E. Knight, owner of the woolen-mills at
Marysvilie, and engaged in banking and vari
ous other large enterprises there, is In town.
W. G. Whitney, manager of the Mormon
choir, with seventy-five of the members, ar
rived here yesterday and joined the others of
their choir. • •-'"• ■'/
A. L. Cheney, the capitalist, of Boston, who
for a long time was interested in the stock of
the Atchison, Topeka and Santa Fe Railroad,
is in the City.
Mrs. John Sebastian of Chicago, wife of Mr.
Sebastian, a, prominent official of the Rock
Island system, is at the Occidental, accompa
nied by Mrs. L. B. Kendall of Chicago.
Judge Adolphus Huvel of Modesto, grand
high priest of the Grand Chapter Royal- Arch
Masons for the State of California, came to
town yesterday for the purpose of attending
the annual convocation which takes place at
Masonic Temple in this City next week.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, X. V., April 15.— the Hoff
man. C. A. Davis: Grand Union, J. B. Eldridge ;
Coleman, H. H.Lang and wife; Belvedere, H.
Boweu, Mrs. W. Bowen; Everett, Mr. Sims;
Savoy, A. Galland; Netherland, J. L. Hellman
and wife, F. Hellman, Miss Hellman. Sailed
on the steamship New York for Southampton-
Mrs. Paul Cowles, Miss B. Ursula Green, Mr.
and Mrs. Hawber, Miss Heyneman, Mrs. Denis
O'Sullivan and infant, Mrs. L.M.Thompson,
Miss L. I. Thompson, M. J. Thompson and
W.H.Wright.
Gross Mismanagement.
7 •"',.; Angels Camp Echo.
When the manager of a big business estab
lishment neglects his duties the bad example
is quickly followed by those of his subordin
ates who have an opportunity to do bo. The
Government is the biggest business establish
ment on this continent, and the President is
its general manager— mismanager he has been
since March 4, 1893.
MUSIC \ AND , MUSICIANS.
The Italian papers are publishing some in
teresting particulars respecting Leoncavallo's
newly produced opera, "Chatterton." It was
the first work written by its author, having
been composed before "I Pagliacci" and "I
Medici." At that epoch the young musician,
as well as being completely unknown, was far
from finding himself in a flourishing financial
condition. Having no hope of meeting with
an impresario willing to produce his opera he
sought out a music publisher at Bologna
named Trebbi and offered him the score for
little more than the price of a few meals.
Trebbi was intelligent and honest. Seeing
that the composer was pressed by want he re
fused to take advantage of the situation, but
on the contrary aided Leoncavallo as much as
possible and kept the opera till a good oppor
tunity should present itself for having it per
formed. The opportunity did not come, how-
ever. Trebbi died, and the composer, forgot
bis work. Tedeschi, the successor to Trebbi,
happened to find the score and remembering
the success of "I Pagliacci" and "I Medici" he
thought it only fair that the public should
hear "Chatterton." Leoncavallo was begged
to revise the work, and, as already stated in
Ths Call, it was recently presented to the
critical Roman public with immense success
at the National Theater.
Everything comes to him who knows how to
wait. There is Mozart, who died before Haydn,
Schubert or Beethoven, yet these composers
have for a long time had their statues in the
good town of Vienna, while Mozart has had to
content himself, with a little, insignificant
monument, placed in the house which he in
habited on the Rauhensteingasse, which, since
its reconstruction, has borne his name. At
last it has been decided - to inaugurate, at
Vienna, a monument worthy of the great mas
ter, and it is the j Emperor Francis Joseph who
will preside in person at the ceremony, which
is to take place at the end of the present
month. The hofkapellmeister of Joseph 11
will thus receive a posthumous honor of which'
no other Austrian musician can boast, for even
at the inauguration of Beethoven's monument
the Emperor did not assist in person. After
the unveiling the Imperial Opera, for three
consecutive nights, will play "The Marriage of
Figaro," "Don Juan" and "The Magic Flute,"
and the Vienna Conservatory will give a grand
popular concert, devoted exclusively to
Mozart's works. The monument will be placed !
just outside the Imperial Opera-house.
Le Menestrel says : "We have already told
how the dean of militant pianists, Antone de
Kontski, left his home in Buffalo to take a
concert tour of the world. We now learn from
the Singapore Free Press that De Kontski has
been giving concerts at Singapore, and has
astonished every one by his vigorous and bril
liant playing and his marvelous memory..
Nothing betrayed that the pianist was an
octogenarian, even when he played the sonatas
of Beethoven by heart. The old man won a
marvelous success, and at the end of each con
cert he was obliged to play his celebrated
piece, 'The Awakening of the Lion,' as well us
his charming 'Pompadour Gavotte.' Our
Singapore contemporary states that De
Kontski is going to India, after which he will
visit Siberia and will tour in Russia and other
European countries. De Kontski, the con
temporary of Beethoven, Field, Mendelssohn,
Chopin, Thalburg and of Liszt, playing In
Paris in 1897 would be an apparition of no
mean interest.
People are just beginning to realize how
much Eduard Grieg owes his wile for making
his songs known to the public. If some day it
should come to De universally recognized that
by the side of the two long-honored kings of
song, Schubert and Schumann, Grieg, too, is
entitled to a throne, to Mrs. Grieg will be
largely due the honor of having hastened the
advent of his recognition. Nothing is easier
than to criticize her singing. Even in its best
days her voice must have been of a somewhat
uneven quality, lacking in smoothness and
sweetness, as in thorough training, yet no
Mrs. Nina Grieg, the Singer Who Has
Hastened the Advent of Her Hus
band's Recognition.
singing seems to make a greater impression on
the hearers. j A hysterical actress used to say
of a certain scene in a drama where the hero
ine goes mad: "All the other actresses tear
their hair, but J tear my soul." - Mrs. Grieg is
anything but hysterical, but of her it might
with truth be said that she sings with her soul.
j lt appears that the political administration
of Crispi has left the Italian Government very
little surplus money for the encouragement of
the fine arts. A communication made to the
press by the Minister of the Interior shows a
strong/ desire to save in that direction. The
Minister announces a Government competition
for a requiem mass, to He executed at Turin on
the 7 2& th of next July, to celebrate the anni
versary of. King Carlo Alberto's death. The
last paragraph runs: 'Tor the said mass the
Minister offers a prize of 900 francs, leaving to
the composer all the cost of performing it, both
in duplicating the orchestral and vocal scores
and in securing executants." That is to say,
for a prize of 900 francs expenses to the ex
tent of several thousand francs will be imposed
on the successful composer.
Mancinelli is just putting the finishing
touches to an opera entitled "Hero and Lean
der," for which the well-known poet, Arrigo
Boito, has written the libretto. The work will
first be played at the coming Norwich festival,
and afterward it will be seen at Coveut Garden
Theater, London, during the season of 1897.
At Norwich Mme. Albani and the tenor, Ed
ward Lloyd, will take the leading roles.
Emile Saver, one of the few pianists who can
in any way hold his own against Paderewski,
has discovered a novel way of stilling the en
core fiend. Saver believes that when people
ask too much they should be taught a lesson
by receiving encore pieces of such intermin
able lengths that they will have time during
the performance to repent of their greed. It is
said that if other performers would follow his
example the encore would soon become a thing
of the past.
For the coming season the Teatre de la Mon
naie, Brussels, has accepted a lyric drama by
the Belgian composer, Van den Eeden, which
is said to be very interesting and uncommon.
The action is supposed to pass in a city in Spain
133 years betore Christ.
A precious psalter, printed in 1459, which
belonged to the Abbey of St. Vincent at Met*,
has just, been sold to the British Museum for
the Bam of £5250. The history of tho psalter
shows that it was sold for a trilling sum in
1790 to a Jew at Metz.
The Boehra flute, which Is so much affected
by flutists to-day, is stated to bo in danger of
being superseded by a new flute of much sim
pler construction and mechanism, which has
been invented by an Italian named Giorgi.
Goldmark's new opera, basea on Dickens'
story, "The Cricket on the Hearth,". has Droved
such a success la Vienna that it will probably
be produced in London during the coming
opera season.
The Guildhall School jof Music, London,
which is an institution of comparatively re
cent date, numbers this term 3052 students. *
The violinist Eugene Ysaye is making a very
successful tour of France.
fc California glace fruits, 50c lb. Townsend's.*
Special information daily to manufacturers,
business houses and public men by the Press
Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Montgomery. •
GOSSIP ABOUT CANDIDATES.
And when it comes to press agents and tom
tom beaters the McKinley boom is practically
without opposition.— Washington Post.
Harrison would rather be married than be
President, but we are inclined to believe
that he would rather be Detroit Free
Press.
The rains we have received are the old-time
rains— the rains that fell before Grover Cleve
land became President for the second term. —
New York Press.
The St. Louis convention will name the next
President and Vice-President, and the choice,
no matter where it may fall, will be a wise
one.— Philadelphia Inquirer.
Here's an Ideal ticket for the Democracy
right to hand: For President, Adlai Stevenson;
for Vice-President, Colonel Bill Morrison.
Platform— and hopeful.— Philadelphia
Call. yy»
Do not put off taking a spring medicine. Little
ailments If neglected will soon break up the sys
tem. Take Hood's Sarsaparilla now to expel
disease and give yon health and strength.
Important Change of Time.— The 12th inst.
the Northern Pacific Railroad inaugurated a double
daily passenger service between Portland and St.
Paul, making a saving of ten hours between Port
laud and Chicago, These are the fastest and finest
equipped trains tbat ever were run out of the Pa
cific Northwest. The superior accommodations la
our passenger equipment recommend our line to
all.. Ours is the only line that runs dining-cars out
of Portland. T. K. STATELEK, general agent,
638 Market street. San Francisco.
De. Sieoert's Angostura Bitters, the world
renowned South American appetizer and invigo
raior, cures dyspepsia, diarrhea, fever and ague.
Throat Diseases commence with a Cough,
Cold or Sore Throat. "Brown's Bronchial Troches"
give immediate and sure relief,
Maud— hear proposing parties are all the
style this winter. The girls do the proposing,
and the one who proposes the best gets the
prize. Have you been to any?
Ethel— No, but I had a proposing party come
to me the other evening. How do you like my
ring?— Harper's Bazaar.
NEW TO-DAY.
MWE^^SAVINr
PRICES! v
Money-Saving Dishes.
So MONEY SAVERS. 1
Water Goblets, Garden Trowels, Porcelain
Cream Pitchers, Porcelain Custard
Cups, Porcelain Oatmeal Bowls, Pickle
Dishes, Oval Sauce Dish, Decorated
Plates, Bread Pans, Yellow Bowls, 5c
each or 6 for 25c. ' -; -: .: ■*:
100 MONEY SAVERS.
Butter Dish, Sugar Bowls, 3d eat Dishes,
Berry Dishes. Bake Pans, Decorated
Mustard Pots, Vegetable Dishes, Fry
Pans, Fancy Spoon Trays, Rose Bowls,
10c each, or 3 for 250.
ISO MONEY SAVERS.
Decorated Salad Dish, Decorated Oyster
Bowls, Yellow Mixing Bowls, Decor-
ated China Mugs, Oil Bottles, Bread
Knives, Celery Trays, Nickel Trays
(13-inch), Fancy Casseroles, 15c each,
or 2 for 25c. Two Bouquet Holders, lac
DINNER SETS.
Honey-Saving Prices, B . r 9 „ .
tJO pcs White Crockery ... ....... \ .$3 65
50 pcs Semi- Porcelain, white. -. . . '4 25
60 pcs Azalea Light Brown Decora-
tions i.........:. 485
50 pea Harvest Pencil Decorations .... 5 00
60 pcs Goid Spray Decorations 5 85
60 pcs Gold Illuminated Decoration... 6 50
Above sets are all newest shapes and
decorations, complete for six persons.
Great American Ifflportiaff Tea Ca/s
1344 Market St., S. P.'
»— ~~=— — - 065 Market St.. S. P. ' •
SSZ^HC? »*0 Sixth St., S. F.
>.A'k,-%^.--^ 017 Kearny st., S. F.
mK*r ,419 Po,k st -. S- f.
521 Montgomery aye., S. PL
R/tl>&iri/ 333 n «y" »t., i. P.
MONEY* 146 Ninth st., 5. p.*
us wh 1-1 2 , 8 Third st., S. F.
C Alt' I VIA 2008 Fillmore St., S. P. '-
oAViflb 2SIO Mission st 'S. P.
wnw mv . 3006 slxtMnth g ' t '£- p .
OTAOCP. 104 Second St., 5. P.
STOn I *259 Mission ', S. F.
v.,- r . 52 Market St., S. F.
«■> ,-~=Ss_£» 917 Broadway, Oakland
&^teg&ts& ' ,053 Washington St., Oak'd.
|fa«__gly 131 San Pablo aye., Uakl'd
mmJ "■ 616 K. Twelfth st, Oakland.
1355 Park st., Alameda.
IHPORTING FOR. AND OPERATING
i 100 STORES ENABLES US TO
yy , SAVE YOU MONEY. •
MONEY SAVED EVERY DAY.
NO SPECIAL DAY._iS^Jsa£2 e J_j^
THURSDAY APRIL. I_, 1896
AMUSEMENTS. y
Baldwin Theater.— "Beau Brummell."
California Theater— "The Night Clerk."
« OIXUMtA heater— "Pudd'nhead Wilson."
Xoßoeco's Opera-House— "Michael etrogoff."
Tivoli Opera-House.— "Blu« Beard." '
• ci m.— High-Class Vaudeville.
Trover's AICA7AR.— "Cad the Tomboy."
Metropolitan Temple— Mormon Tabernacle
Choir.
Auditorium— Miss Carrie Bowes.
Sctbo Comer Island— Grand Athletic Exhibi-
tion and Concert. "-'•■"7
f-uooT the Chites— Dally at Halght street,
• it Clock east of »be Park.
1 *\ District Track.— Races to-day.
El Campo— Music, Dancing, Boating, Fishing,
every Sunday. "•: •; •
AUCTION SALES.
By Geo. F. Damson— This day (Thursday), Fur-
lure, at '260' Brannan street, _ o'clock.
By 8. B_Bcs— day (Thursday), Furniture,
etc., at 319 Sutter sl.. Nt 10:30 o'clock.
Baldwin <£ Hammond.— This day (Thursday),
Be*] 1 s:«:e. al salesrooms, 10 Montgomery street,
at 12 o'clock, . .-_.",,
By Laymance— Saturday, April 18, Berkeley
Real Estate at 2 p. m.
By Kaston A- Eldridqe— Tuesday, April 21.
Real Kstate, at 638 Market St., at 12 o'clock noon.
CITY NEWS IN BRIEF. ,
"Fair Thursday," the prediction issued last '<
night by Forecast Official Hammcn.
The new mallear. 4068, made its trial trip
over the Central Pacific last evening.
Bishop Johnson of Los Angeles will attend
the Episcopal Convention in this City in May.
Deputy Superintendent Stone has begun the
work of redisricting the City for school- pur-
The will of Alexander P. Bovd, leaving a
70,000 estate to his widow, has been filed for
probate.
A movement Is on foot to effect an organiza
tion of the Republican women in the Assembly
districts.
The Martin case will be closed to-day, except
as to the arguments, wnich will be reserved
for Monday.
"Butchers' Day" will be celebrated on the
20th of May at Shell Mound and the Oakland
Trotting Park.
Alvero, Uncle Giles, Cabrillo, Olive, Silverado
and William I inkerton were winners at Ingle
side yesterday.
The Protective Society of Retail Fruit and
Poultry Dealers has resolved to put bad cus
tomers on the blacklist.
Edward McDermott, a carpenter, was ar
rested yesterday on the charge of "grafting"
around the Police Courts.
The body of an unknown man with a sack
of rocks tied about the neck was found in the
bay near Baden yesterday.
The Carpenters and Painters unions are pre
paring for their picnics, which will be held at
bunset Park in the near future.
The jury in the case of ex-District Attorney
Page returned a verdict of guilty last evening,
after being out forty-five minute's.
Attorney Hayne continued his argument in
the Southern Pacific case during yesterday's
session of the United States Circuit Court.
The State Fruit-growers will convene this
morning at tbe Chamber of Commerce to dis
cuss the proposition of a water-front market.
Professor Francis Angell of Stanford Uni
versity lectured at the Academy of Sciences
last night on "Illusions and Hallucinations."
The Supreme Court has granted a new trial
to Charles Marshall, who was sentenced to
death in Riverside for murdering Frank Hamil
ton.
A mass-meeting of improvement clubs was
held in Richmond district last evening. All
of the clubs advocated a reduction of streetcar
lares.
8. A. Howard, a wealthy pioneer of Wood
land, well known in Democratic politics, died
at the Grand Hotel yesterday of a complica
tion of diseases.
The majority in the Board of Health failed
to remove Superintendent Weaver of the Alms
house yesterday, Mayor Sutro and Dr. William-
Bun refusing to vote.
Fred Potter. 12 Salina street, swore out
warrants yesterday lor the arrest of Mrs. Lind,
the mother of the girl he loves, and her son,
on the charge of battery.
The newly born baby boy found in a satchel
Monday evening in a vacant lot on Twelfth
street died at Mount St. Joseph's Orphan Asy
lum yesterday afternoon. •--;•::"
Tne carpenters at work on the building on
First and Market streets went out on a strike '
yesterday rather than work with. P. N. Kuss'
gang on non-union painters.
The report of the several committees sub
mitted and filed by the presbytery at its session
yesterday showed a healthy condition of Pret
ty terianism in San Francisco.
John Creigbton,a Mission "tough," was con
victed of battery upon C. H. Crowell, an aged
teacher, by Judge Joachimsen yesterday and
ordered to appear for sentence to-day.
Six of the minor inner corporations of the
Southern Pacific Company yesterday elected
( oflicer« and directors. With but two excep
tions all tne old officers were re-elected.
The police are searching for Miss Maud
'Morse, who disappeared from her home, 3013
Buchanan street, last Thursday. She started
'.l or the bakery and has not been seen since.
The jury in the damage suit of Frank Law
flor against the Southern Pacific rendered a
fterdict for the defendant yesterday. The de
fense was negligence on the part of employes.
j Judge Coffey has refused to settle the bill of
texceptionsof the Blythe Company to the decree
[Of distribution to Mrs. Hinckley, on the ground
'.that the Blythe Company has no standing in
[court.
Two magnificent stained glass pictorial win
dows are being placed in the chancel of the
I'aulists' church on California street. The
(Whole exterior of St. Mary's will be renovated
Immediately.
Dick McDonald has been acquitted of the
/iast untried charge against him. There now
(remains but the perjury case, the first one
(tried, in which the jury disagreed. His bail is
mow only $2000.
1 A baby girl about a day old was found in a
aiude state yesterday morning on the front
'atep of Mrs. Stewart's residence, IGI_ Oak
■Grove avenue, and is now in Mount St. Joseph's
[Orphan Asylum.
The American Women's Liberal League has
; arranged for a course of lectures on civil and
religious liberty, to be delivered by Rev. Peter
.C. "Vorke in Metropolitan Hall, April 20, 23, 27
»nd May 8 and 12.
Secretary Lelong of the State Board of Horti
culture, received from the Northwestern
Grocer*' Association yesterday a protest against
the indiscriminate shipment of dried fruit by
Individual dealers.
The Guild of Arts and Crafts has designed a
new monument to Stevenson for the plaza.
This latest idea is a simple pedestal twelve
feet high, of white marble surmounted by a
ship. The money for its erection is nearly all
subscribed.
Thomas Mullen, the circus performer, ar
rested for selling pools outside the Ingleside
racetrack to newsboys and messenger-boys, was
convicted by Judge Low yesterday and sen
tenced to pay a fine of $10 or spend ten days
In the County Jail.
Official figures of the operation of the Pacific
system of the Southern Pacific Company for
the year ending .June 30, 1895, show a net de
-ficit'of more than a quarter million dollars.
Those of the year previous show a net surplus
of nearly $4,000,000.
Captain A. Doolittle, owner of the Doolittle
consolidated hydraulic mines at Happy Camp,
Siskiyou County, is in the City and reports that
part of the county prosperous. A number of
mineral discoveries of considerable impor
tance have lately been mane. '. .■■ y
.'. M. Barratt, manager of Garfield Beach,
Bait Lake, for the Union Pacific Railroad, is
here accompanied by several friends. He says
the goid mines of Mercur and Tintic are devel
oping rapidly. The cyanide process is being
used in the treatment of the ore.
KNOCKED OUT HIS TEETH.
John Creighton' Convicted of Battery
' i"iii an Aged Teacher.
John Creighton. a Mission "tough," was
convicted of battery by Judge Joachimsen
yesterday and ordered into custody till to
day, when sentence will be imposed.
The complaining witness was C. H.
Croweli, a teacher in the Horace Mann
School, over 60 years of ace. On April 5
be was, in Claus Hadeler's grocery, 2056
•Mission street, when Creighton and two
companions were ejected for creating a
disturbance.;
Creighton returned for a hat that one of
hiscouipanions had dropped. In his hear
ing Croweli remarked that the three
should have been arrested. This angered
Creighton and he struck the old man a
terriitic blow in the face, knocking out four
Of hia teeth. :.y
ALONG THE WATER FRONT
The Next Vessel for the Gold
Fields Will Be the Sophie
Sutherland.
RAISING OF THE BLAIBMORE.
All Bids May Be Rejected and the
Wreck Sold to ths Hgh-st
Bidder.
The rush to the Alaskan gold fields still |
continues. In spite of the discouraging !
news from Juneau and Sitka vessels are j
still being fitted out for the new EI Do- !
rado. The big schooner Sophie Suther
land will be the next to get away, and as |
she is a very fast vessel the chances are j
that she will reach her destination before i
the larger craft that sailed weeks ahead of j
her She is bound for the mouth of Resurrec- j
tion Creek and will land her passengers !
The Schooner Sophie Sutherland That Will Probably Take the Last Consignment of Miners to Alaska.
[Sketched by a "Call" artist.]
within five miles of the gold fields. Over |
half a hundred men have made up their
minds to tempt fortune in the far north,
and the work of getting quarters ready for j
them is rapidly progressing. As the j
schooner was formerly used as a sealer,
there is quite a number of bunks in tier
forecastle, but as there is not enough to
accommodate all who want to sail on her,
quarters have had to be erected midships. j
The news from Alaska which came down j
on the City of Pnebla yesterday goes to |
show that men who left here early have '
not fared well. They were short of money i
and many of them are stranded in Juneau j
and Circle City. Forty-mile Creek and j
Birch Creek are crowded, and provisions i
cell at ruinous prices. Flour is $8 per 100
pounds, bacon 40 cents a nound and canned
goods 50 cents a can. At Forty-mile Creek
the thermometer registered 50 degrees be- |
low zero, but at Cooks Inlet it only regis- I
red 15 degrees below zero. The "climate
there is much milder than on the Yukon, I
and as the rush to that point has not been |
as great as to Juneau and Sitka the miners !
are faring better. The Sophie Sutherland j
is now fitting out at "Washington-street
wharf, and will get away next Saturday.
Captain Russell has been relieved of the j
command of the City of Rio de Janeiro I
and other heads are likely to fall before I
the steamer leaves the dock today. Cap- j
tain William Ward, who was given a leave
of absence from the steamer Cnina nearly j
a year ago, will succeed him, and it is said !
that Russell will take one of the Panama I
steamers. As stated in The Call the Pa- I
cific Mail Company is not satisfied with !
the manner in s which the Rio was handled |
on her last trip to Japan and a number cf j
the officers will have to suffer. The burn- |
ing of the deckhouses for fuel and the fact 1
tbat there was nearly thirty tons of coal
in the bunkers when the steamer reached |
Honolulu tells very much against all con- !
cerned, r i
The barkentine Archer arrived from
Honolulu yesterday with her foretopmast
gone. She was short-handed, and the
men had so much to do during the passage
that they all deserted assoonasthe'anchor
was dropped. There were only three men
iv each watch, and as one of the trio was
at the wheel the vessel had to be thrown
up into the wind whenever sail had to be
made or shortened.
Leaving Honolulu the Archer ran into
a head sea and a gale of wind. Before
anything could be done the foretopmast
snapped off and the forecastle and cabin
were flooded. There were two passengers,
Miss Eva Elliot and I. F. Thrum. The
latter was very seasick, and was washed
out of his berth and nearly drowned. Miss
Elliot was a good sailor, and stood the
blow out with Captain Calhoun on the
quarterdeck.
The California Yacht Club will hold its
opening jinks in the clubhouse next Satur
day night. The members are making ex
tensive preparations, and a good time is
expected.
The question of raising the Blairmore is
still in abeyance, lt is generally under
stood that the successful bidder is not at
all anxious to take the job of raising the
sunken vessel, and Lloyd's agents are just,
as far from reaching a decision as they
were on Tuesday. Captain Hawkins, one
of the owners of the sunken ship, is now
on his way here from England, and the
chances are that nothing will be done
until his arrival. In that event the wreck
will be sold as it lies, and the highest bid
der will have to take all the risks entailed
in raising it. This is the course favored
by the underwriters, and it will probably
be followed.
A BLACKLIST.
How Retail Fruit-Dealers Intend to Pro-
toct Their Interests— No Pay
No Fruit.
People who habitually neglect the little
ceremony of settling the fruitman's ac
count, aro to be starved into better ways
next month. They may still be able to
wring bread from the baker and meat from
the botcher on credit, but the succulent
potato, the juicy orange and all kinds of
poultry will be coldly denied them until
they have paid the fruitman all they owe.
This decision has just been taken by a
new organization known as "La Societe di
Protezione fral Rivenditori di Trutta a
Poliame." Being interpreted this name
means Protective Society of Fruit and
Poultry Dealers.
Over two hundred ; dealers have joined
the organization and its ranks are gaining
recruits at every meeting. • At the last
meeting, held at 909>_ Market street, it
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, APRIL 16, 1896.
was resolved that each member must pre
sent before the Ist of May a list of all. the
persons and families who are behindhand
in settling their accounts at his fruitstore.
These lists will be taken charge of by the
secretary, who will . see that collecting
agents visit the delinquents and try to col
lect the amounts due., y
If payment is refused the debtors will be
placed on the blacklist, copies of which
will be furnished to all the fruitstores
whose proprietors are members of the
union. No dealer who is in the society
will be allowed to supply fruit or poultry
on credit to any one on the blacklist, ft
is said that this rule is to be riporouslv
enforced. - : •
BISHOP JOHNSON COMING.
Will Attend the Episcopal Convention
in May.
The Right Reverend Joseph Johnson,
Bishop of Los Angeles, has accepted an
invitation from Bishop Nichols to attend
the convention of the Diocese of Califor-
nia, which opens in this City on the sth of
this month. This will be the prelate's
first visit, San Francisco.
It is almost settled that Bishop Johnson
will be tendered a banquet at the Occi
dental Hotel by the Church Club, an or
ganization of Episcopalian clergymen and
laymen. Among the lay members are
Major Hooper and A. G. Phelps.
The new Bishop has accepted an invita
tion also to preach on Friday, May 8, at
the annual meeting of the Woman's
Auxiliary of the Episcopal Church.
SHARKEY AND CHOYNSKI
Heavy-Weight Pugilists Who
Will Box Eight Rounds
This Evening.
To Win the Long End of the Purse
Choynski Must Stop His '
i Opponent.
The great fistic controversy between Joe
Choynski and Tom Sharkey will be de
cided this evening at the People's Palace.
The betting on the contest was very
spirited last evening. Choynski was a
strong favorite when the pools opened at
2 to 1, but before the wagering was brought
to a conclusion the supporters of Sharkey
appeared to be quite numerous in the bet
ting ring and the pools closed with
Choynski a favorite at slight odds.
Sharkey is resting now and will be in
magnificent condition this evening when
he will toe the scratch a.ainst his formid
able opponent. He has very little to say
regarding his chances against Choynski.
but there can be no gainsaying that he has
great confidence in his ability to stand off
the man who made such a game battle
against Goddard, "the Barrier champion,"
and other noted pugilists whom Choynski
as met in the past five years.
"I know that there are many people of
sporting proclivities who actually believe
that 1 will prove a chopping-block for
Choynski," said Sharkey, when asked
what he thought his chances of success
would amount to against California Joe.
"I know that those wise men who think
that I am not a fit subject to meet a good
second-class man put their money on Sul
livan when he met Corbett, and squealed
like pigs when they lost. They said the
same of Corbett as they say of me now, but
I think they will be fooled again. I
whipped every man I met so far, and I
think my chances of keeping Choynski
guessing lor eight rounds are good.
"I do not pretend to say that I can whip
Choynski, but I have all the confidence in
the world of fooling a whole lot of those
fellows who think that I am the Kind of a
man that Choynski can do with as he
pleases. After ths right is over there will be
many know-it-ail sports who will have
good reason to cuss their luck for betting
against Sailor Shark."
Choynski cannot venture an opinion as
to what the result of his contract with
Sharkey will amount to.
"I have never seen my next opponent
box," said Joe, "therefore I cannot pre
sume anything. My manager, Parson
Davies, informs me that Sharkey is a
dangerous man; that he is as strong as a
carthorse and unquestionably game. I
put him up as being a second Goddard,
but on a smaller scale.
"If he can stand the same kind of pun
ishment that I gave the Australian he will
surprise me very much indeed, but I will
fight Sharkey on different lines, as I have
a contract on hand to stop him in eight
rounds or less. yfyj
"Of course I expect to stop him. If he is
unguarded in his attack and gives me an
opening I think I can take advantage of a
shot at a bullseye. You can rest assured
of one fact, and it is this, that I will not
leave an opportunity pass if 1 can help it.
I expect to win because there is nothing in
it for me to lose, and that's all I can say to
you on the subject."
Fighting Over Property.
Charles L. James and Anna F. Ingler are su
ing for possession of some property held by Isa
belle A. Rogers. Henry Dayton Rogers, ;the
defendant's husbaud.willed the property to the
plaintiffs, but he had previously deeded it to the
defendant, it is contended I that Rogers re
ceived the property under the agreement that
ho would leave it to the plaintiffs, and they
want the court to decree that Mrs. Rogers holds
it in trust for them. The property is in Pre
cita place in this City.
Don't Be Deceived!
Patronize home industry! Pioneer Brand
Shredded and Desiccated Cocoanut, awarded
lirst prize wherever exhibited for its purity.
Some grocers are trying to introduce other
brands as "just as good" as Pioneer Brand and
charge double the price. If it cannot be ob
tained at your grocer's send for free sample
package and price. 500 Washington street,
ban Francisco, • ■-
STEVENSON MONUMENT
New Design by the Guild of
Arts and Crafts Is
Presented.
SIMPLE PEDESTAL OF MARBLE.
— _.
The Money for Its Erection Nearly
All Subscribed— Supervisors
Must Be Consulted. ly : y
The committee chosen by the Guild of
Arts and Crafts— Mrs. Virgil Williams,
Horace Piatt and Bruce Porter— design a
monument to Robert Louis Stevenson for
the Plaza, concluded last night in favor of
a simple pedestal surmounted by a ship.
Recently the committee submitted vari
ous designs to the Supervisors for ap
proval, and they were rejected for various
reasons. Since then the designers have
been working on something new. All
through the proposition to retain the ship |
idea was respected, and so there is a i
bronze vessel, conventionalized, of course, i
as a dominant feature of the monument.
The scheme is for a simple classic pedes
tal rising from the plainest kind of a
molded base that is set upon broad flags,
without any special basin for water from
the drinking fountain.
There is a bold, substantial plinth large
enough to afford space for the whole of
the central quotation from the Christmas
sermon, often quoted in connection with
this monument.* Near the baseline of the
plinth is a spigot with bronze dolphins
forming a I owl beneath, where the thirsty
may find water to drink while reading the
sympathetic quaint words of Stevenson.
The bronze ship rests on dolphins, fash
ioned to serve as consols and lending a
picturesque character to the monument.
This ship, of course, presents in a pecu
liarly appropriate way the character of the
The New Design for a Stevenson Monument Proposed by the Arts and Crafts
Committee.
novelist's work, its adventure, and, in a
large measure, suggests much of the man's
own life.
The monument is intended to be twelve
feet high from the ground to the top of
the bronze masts, and the proportions
have been carefully considered, so that this
simple pedestal reverts to the original idea
of a shaft.
It is intended to use Californian marble
of a light color, and to have the ship in
green bronze with gilded sails.
The cost has been estimated at $1000, and
only $300 is needed to complete that
amount. The Guild of Arts and Crafts is
satisfied that the balance will be con
tributed : immediately, and it finds new
satisfaction in knowing that James D.
Phelan has interested himself in the
monument and promised to support the
efforts of the committee, in having it
erected. ' ■-" '~ -~ •
Affirmed After Three Years.
George Upson, the counterfeit lottery ticket
man, is now paying the penalty for j his viola
tions of the law. He is at present in the
County Jail serving a sentence of six months
iropoyulbjMuds. liOwya_*lßtt which he ua
successfully apnealed. On May 25, 181)3, he
was convicted by Judge Joachimsen, and he
sued out a writ of habeas corpus. J Last Satur
day, after a lapse of nearly three years, a re
mittitur of the Superior Court was sent to the
lower court affirming the conviction, and yes
terday Judge Joachimsen issued a bench-war
rant for his appearance before him to-day to
be sentenced.
PAGE IS CONVICTED.
The Jury in the Case of the Kx-Di»trict
Attorney Returns a Verdict In
Forty-Five Minutes.
The trial of James D. Page, the ex-Dis
trict Attorney charged with embezzling
$4000 from th« estate of Louis Lichneker,
his insane ward, was given to the jury last
evening who in forty-five minutes returned
a verdict of guilty.
The case opened and closed during the
morning. Ex- Judge Levy was called to
testify to having appointed Page guardian
of Lichneker's estate.and Judge Slack told
how he discharged him for not obeying
citations to show where the missing money
was. Detective Anthony told how he
brought the fleeing attorney from New
York, and then the citations of the courts
ware read to the jury. This closed the
prosecution.
Counsel for the defense moved for a dis
missal. This was not granted, and the de
fense closed without testimony. The case
was argued during the afternoon, the con
tention of the defense being that no one
authorized to do so demanded the $4000,
consequently it was not embezzlement.
MIDWEEK THEATER NOTES
Last Performances of "Pudd'n
head Wilson " at the
Columbia Theater.
Richard Mansfield Meets With the
Reward of M rit at the
Ealcwin.
Richard Mansfield's finished impersona
tion of the title role in "Beau Brummell"
is giving pleasure to large houses at the
Baldwin Theater, "Beau Brummell" will
be presented during the remainder of this
week. Next Monday night Mansfield will
inaugurate the second week of his engage
ment with the first production in this City
of his new play, "The Story of Rodion,
the Student."
The California Theater is still enjoying a
prosperous season with Peter F. Dai ley
and his very amusing farce, "The Night
Clerk." The last performance of the piece
will be given on Sunday night.
Roland Reed brings his new comedy to
the California Theater next Monday night.
The piece is a satire and is called "The
Politician." It is the joint work of the
late David D. Lloyd and Sydney Rosen
feld.
To-morrow night an unusually large
house is expected, as it will be the occasion
of the benefit tendered Manager E. Rosen
baura by Rich & Harris and Peter F.
Daile„y. A programme has been arranged
which includes, as well as the regular per
formance of "The Night Clerk." a charac
ter specialty by Charies E. Eldridge; also
acts by Tom McGrath, the Nawns, the
twin brothers, George and Charles Wiener,
and others.
There is no falling off in the size of the
houses at "Pudd'nhead Wilson" at the
Columbia Theater. Frank Mayo's fin
ished impersonation of the title role is one
of the best things ever seen at the pretty
little Powell-street theater, and quite de
serves the popular reception it has re
ceived.
"A Pair of Kids" opens at the Columbia
Theater on Monday night.
"Michael Strogoff" is drawing well at
the Grand. The performance is an un
usually good one, and the scenic attrac
tions are above what one is accustomed to
even at the Grand.
"Cad the Tomboy" is proving a much
i greater attraction at Grover's Alcazar
: than the continuous variety show did.
'. The play is well acted, and elicits plenty
j of applause.
I The Orpheum is enjoying its usual large
amount of patronage, all the solid attrac
tions of last week being as popular as ever.
"Bluebeard" is still in the heyday of its
success at the Tivoli. The extravaganza
will be presented with new features next
weeky[~-~:y: r yy.,:~
At the Auditorium to-night the well
known 1 California pianiste, Miss Carrie
Bowes, will give a concert, assisted by a
grand orchestra. This will be the first
concert since Miss Bowes' return from
Europe. The following is the programme:
Overture, ''Titus". Mozart
Concerto, E minor;. Chopin
Allegro maustoso romance rondo.
(a) Toccato, Q major, toccato adagio fugue
" J. S. Bach
(6) "Liebestraum" ("Love Dream") — .Liszt
(c) "Klfantanz" ("Dance of the Klfs)".SapellnikotT
Fasse-pied (for strings) (s Met
(a) Preludes, B flat m_jor. F min0r........
(b) "Erinnerung" ("Album Leaf)'") Carrie ,
(c) "NeckischerTanz." minor. / ■<-*"»« BOwe »
Hungarian fantasfe, with orchestra F. Liszt
"Nobby" Clarke's Suit.
"Nobby" Clarke has sued the Police Commis
sioners in the United States Circuit Court for
$20,000. This is an old complaint that the
versatile attorney has been pushing before the
various courts for some time past. ; •'■ .'•:•:"''-
: For sore or weak eyes use Mitchell's Magic
Lotion. Gives quick relief and strength. *
NEW TO-DAY.
rfdgjpft^, " Pure and Sure." •
Baking PiOWDEH
" I prefer Cleveland's baking powder because it is
pure and wholesome: It takes less for the same baking,
it never fails, and bread and cake keep their fresh-
ness and flavor." m
Miss Cornelia Campbell Bedford, Supt. New York Cooking School.
CARPENTERS ON A STRIKE
Eight Union Men Leave the
First and Market Streets
Job.
They Positively Refuse to Work With
P. N. Kuss' Non-Union
Painters.
The carpenters at work on the big build
ing on Market and First streets went out
on a strike yf sterday morning rather than
work on a job with non-union men. The
objectionable workmen were a lot of
P. N. Kuss' painters. The union men are
determined to maintain and uphold the
working-card adopted by the affiliated
unions, and they were prepared to strike
as soon as Kuss' painters went to work
rather than violate their obligations.
William Grant, the contractor, has been \
particularly unfortunate with this piecj \
of work. He made the contract some time
before April 1, when the card system went
into effect. He sublet the lathing contract
to a man who used non-union lathers, and
the council declared it to be an unfair job
This was without any prejudice against
Grant, who is recognized as one of the
best friends the union possesses. In time
the lathers got away and the job was
unionized at once by the contractor.
It was understood that there would be
trouble .again because Grant had let the
painting contract to Kuss long before the
Ist of April, and before the painters'
strike, when Kuss came out openly ana
declared that he would conduct a non
union shop. When the painters went to
work yesterday morning Grant was pow
erless to prevent trouble, because lie had
already let the contract, from which Kuss
would not release him.
When the union contractors objected to
the presence of the non-union gang he ex
plained the situation to them and said he
was sorry to see them go, and that if he
had been able to prevent the trouble he
would have done so. The best of feeling
exists between the union men and Con
tractor Grant. There still remains con
siderable work to be done by carpenters on
the building, and eight men could find
employment therein for at least three
weeks. An upper story and a large hall
way remain to be finished.
It is probable that Contractor Grant will
be obliged to put on a new lot of non
union men to finish the work on time,
much as be regrets to do so.
The carpenters are making active prepa
rations for their picnic, which will be held
at Sunset Park on the 26tn inst. Among
the features will be a tug-of-war contest
for a prize. The heavy-weights of union
483 have b?en selected, with R. W. Smith,
the heaviest man in the union, as anchor
man. This team will compete with a
team picked from unions 22, 304 and the
amalgamated union. The former team
will meet at 115 Turk street this evening,
and make arrangements to go into train
ing.
The painters' picnic will be held at the
same park on May 17. A large attendance
is expected, as there will be a number of
striking novelties introduced.
Librarian Thoma Will Retire.
J. G. Thorns, one of the most popular of the
attaches of the German' Hospital, will retire
from his position as librarian and sever his
connection with the hospital May 1. His long
and confining service had the effect of break
ing down his health, and a change of scene
and an occupation less confining was necessary.
At a meeting of the hospital committee of the
German General Benevolent Society, held on
the Oth, Superintendent Brown spoke of Mr.
Thomas resignation and expressed great re
gret, as his services were deemed almost in
valuable. Thomas position as guard and
librarian brought him into contact with all
who came to the hospital, and his cheering
words and kindly manner made him a general
favorite.
NEW TO-DAT.
//<§£ \ TRADE,
fe rjb ? fl
lift MARK j $. Ij !
XnSk WV J&B
np t-i r"»
THE
UNIT
OF VALUE
Among Shirts— what the dollar
is among coins — by which other
values are measured.
All kinds — each the best in
its price grade. All dealers.
Neustadter Bros., rifrs., 5. F.
NEW TO-DAY-AMUSEMENTS.
RACING! RACING! RACING!
__££_£;
CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB.
WINTER MEETING — —
Beginning: Thursday, April 16th,
BAY DISTRICT TRACK.
Racing Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday,
Friday and Saturday. Bain or Shine.
FIVE OB MOKE RACES EACH DAY.
Races start at 2 :OU P. M. sharp.
McAllister and Geary street cars pass the ate
R. B. JiILROY. THOS. H. WILLIAMS JK,.
(secretary. , President.
SUTRO BATHS
AXD
PLEASURE-GROUNDS.
Firth Wheel, Mirror Maze, Haunted
Swing and Punch and Judy always in
Operation on Merry "Way. .
Special Lessons Given by Expert Lady
and Gentlemen Swimming Teachers. .
Admission 10 cents. Children 5 cents
Bathing. ...... 25 cents. " . , ......15 cents
SHOOT THE CHUTES
AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
ADMISSION (Adults) IO CENTS.
CHILDREN— ADMISSION, sc: CHUTES, sc.
I Ladies— Chutes, Weekday Afternoons, sc.
SHEW AMUSEMENTS.'
BALDWIN THEATER
Al Hayman «£ Co. (Incorporated) Proprietors
Engagement Limited to Three Weeks!
RICHARD MANSFIELD
And Ills New York Gurrlck Theater Stock Co.
To-night and All This Week-
Matinee Saturday.
"BEAU BRUMMELL"
Monday and Tuesday,
"THE STORY OF RODION, THE
STUDENT."
Wednesday, Thursday. Friday Kv'gs and Sat. Mat.
"PRINCE KARL,"
Saturday Evening.
"DX. JEKYLL AND MX. HYDE."
Seats Now Selling for All Performances
This and Next "Week.
$i THEATRE? »"*»»■
From 8 o'clock till half-past ten
You laugh and laugh ana laugh again.
PETER THE
F. In NIGHT
DAILEY CLERK.
'■■'■J y ONLY 5 TIMES MOKE!
FRIDAY NIGHT, April 17— Testimonial Benefit
tendered MANAGERS. ROSEXBaUM.
Special Acts.
'-We do not so much need woman's raigbt las
the right woman." — Josiah Limber.
ALL NEXT WEEK
ROLAND REED
In the New Comedy Full of Fun and Frolic,
"THE POLITICIAN,"
OR
THE WOMAN'S PLANK.
_____
\~IZ/iM^
ALCAZAR
To-night— Matinees Saturday and Sunday
Continued Success of THE ROVERS In
"CAD, TKE TOMBOY
i Prices— lOc, 15c, *J.~»c and :{."><■.
Matinee— lOc, 15c and 250.
MONDAY, Debut of the Society Brilliant,
MRS. AUZERAIS HOYTE,
Sustained by Hereward Hoyte and an Incompar-
able Cast.
SEATS NOW ON SALE.
rWCDLAnOLR.6Orn.OD** <3>- u»E3A:ionAJiAOtM-"
TAKING T~ BY
OUK
AUDIENCES I STOKM !
The Greatest Play 'of a Century,
••PUDD'NHEAD WILSON."
7 w Jb a Jhi.jOk.lSrjL^. TWT-A-TTO
And His Excellent Company.
Positively the Last Week !
Monday Next— EZRA KENDALL in "A PAIB
OF KIDS."
I TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE
I Mbs. Kbnkstine Krelin-o, Proprietor <fc -Manager
sxscosrp x*7~:e3:____E-_,
OF THE
| "HXLI-NTGr" SUCCESS!
The Magnificent Spectacular Extravaganza,
"BLUE BEARD!"
1111118 Hill 111111 l
NEXT WEEK— SECOSD EDITION!
The "Chevalier" Medley of Coster
Songs.
NEW FEATURES!
Popular Prices— 2sc and 50c.
MOROSCO'S
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
The Handsomest Family Theater ln America.
WALTER MOROSCO, Sole Lessee and Mana»»r
THIS EVENING AT EIGHT,
The Peerless Dramatic Pageant,
j "MICHAEL STROGOFF"
j Superb Scenery '. Artistic Accessories I
Selected and Augmented Cast!
F.vkkin-o Pbice.4— 2so and ~Ma.
Family Circle and Gallery. 10c.
Usual Matinees Saturday ana Sunday.
ORPHEUM.
O'Farrell Street. Between Stocfe:on aal Po vil_
TO-NIGHT AND DIKING THE WEEK
—An Over-Topping Specialty Co.—
I THE MEW I 5 and I For One Week
LADY ZETA I Only.
" Last Week of the Favorites:
ROSIE RENDEL, ELENA LEILA,
* LA BELLA CARMEN,
ADONIS AMES, y
SEGOMMER, .':] v ; THE NAWNS,
BRUEI AND RIVIERE, Etc.
Reserved seats, 25c: Balcony, 10c: Opera cnalrt ,
• end Box seats. SOc.
*5" Hopkins' Trans-Oceanic Star Specialty Co.,
: DAY, April 20. ;
METROPOLITAN TEMPLE.
THE FAMOUS SALT LAKE CITY
MORMON ] ;
TABERNACLE CHOIK.
—175 VOICES
_ MOKE GRAND CHOKAL CONCERTS I
Change of Programme TO-NIGHT.
SUNDAY NIGHT-SACRED CONCERT.
Concerts Begin at 8:15 P. m. "v. V
Prices (including reserved Best), $1 50 and 91. .
Seats now on sale at Sherman, Clay & Co.'s
THE AUDITORIUM.
Fbiedlasueb, Gottlob & Co., Lessees&llanag*™
To-night at 8:15 O'Clock,
The Eminent California Pianiste,
MISS CARRIE BOWES.
Assisted by a Grand Orchestra.
Reserved seats on sale to-day at Sherman, Clay
<fc Co.'s.
PICNICS AND EXCURSIONS.
EL CAMPO,
THE POPULAR BAY RESORT,
. Now Open Bvery Sunday During: the Season.
' Music, Dancing, Bowling. Boating. Fishing and
I other amusements. Refreshments at city prices.
■ Fare, round trip, 25c; children 15c; including ad-
I mission to the grounds.
THE STEAMER UKIAH
Will leave Tibnron Ferry 10:30 a. m., 12:10 p. *
I _ and 4p. m. Returning* leave. El Campo 11:15
I A. M., 1, 3 and 5 p. __
78
H AYNE'S FLOOD
OF ELOQUENCE
He Continues His Argument
in the Southern Pacific
Case.
AN ARMY OF CASES CITED
The Attorney Asks Why Califor
nia Must Pay for Other
States.
THE JUDGE ASKS FOR LIGHT.
A Judicial Amende Honorable the
Sequel to a Few Moments of
• ."-v."" ■■•■■ Private Talk.
Still achieving, still pursuing, Attorney
Hayne keeps on arguing in the Southern
Pacific case before Judge McKenna of the
United States Circuit Court. He shows no
sign of weakening or tiring, and will prob
ably not conclude before the end of the
week, if indeed then. Yesterday he read
an extract from the late Senator Stanford's
testimony in relation to the combination
between the Central Pacific Railway and
the Southern Pacific Company. The testi
mony was to the effect that the combina
tion had "all the advantages of a pooling
contract," and that its main or rather its
only purpose was the staving off of any
thing like competition between the two
roads. \
"Are we children," asked Mr. Hayne,
"that we should now believe this combine
to be a simple lease when the president of
the company testifies under oath that it is
not?"
The case of the San Diego Water Com
pany against the San Diego Flume Com
pany was cited to show that a merely par
tial restraint of business competition may
be permitted, in case that the combination
whereby the restraint is brought about be
not formed for the purpose of unduly in
creasing rates paid by the public for a
commodity or privilege of a public nature.
The decision, he contended, was not ap
plicable to the case at bar, and should not
have been cited by the counsel on the
other side. The present case, he said,
deait with a combination, not, as in the
San Diego case, to furnish water or any
thing else to one city, but to control the
entire railway traffic of an entire State.
"I believe!" interposed Mr. Pillsbury,
"that there are about twenty railways in
the State which are not owned. by the
Southern Pacific Company."
"Yes," rejoined Mr. Hayne, wheeling
about and facing his interlocutor, "and
fine railways they are, aren't they? Per
haps you refer to lines like the' Marin
County affair; and then some sawmills
have railroads of their own. But these
are not worth mentioning or taking into
account in this case. If they were the
Southern Pacific Company would have
.wallowed them up long ago.
- "Now, as to unlawful combinations," re
sumed the eloquent barrister, taking leave
of Mr. Pillsbury with a crushing glance.
"A combination may be unlawful either
by reason of its purpose or by reason of
the means which it employs to achieve a
purpose in itself lawful. The Southern
Pacific Company, by a mere agreement
among its head officers, has no right to set
itself up before the public as the manag
ing board of a hospital, of a church or of
anything else than a transportation com
pany." ; V
"Couldn't it run a cemetery?" inquired
Mr. Pillsbury.
"I concede that point," answered Mr.
Hayne. "The railroad kills a great man
people, and there would seem to be a cer
tain propriety in" its having a place to put
them after it had finished them.
"Now, returning to the matter of un
lawful combinations between corporations,
I contend that the testimony in this case
and the decisions which I have cited form
a mine of facts from which we are forced
to deduce that the combine between the
Central Pacific and the Southern Pacific is
unlawful in its ends and purposes and ut
terly unlawful in its methods.
"As to the California business of the
company, it is not rash to state that the
Caliiornia traffic yields the railway fully
80 per cent of its annual earnings, the
transcontinental traffic bringing in a very
slim .0 per cent. Now the railway folks
say that the transcontinental traffic does
not pay to any appreciable extent, and in
many Stages it does not pay at all. Hence
they essay to raise rates in this State in
order to recompense themselves for loss
incurred in other parts of the country.
This is a most unjust and iniquitous at
tempt. If California is to be responsible
for the expenses of traffic in other States,
then she ought to be able to have some
thing to say .boat the matter. Otherwise
one State would have the right to pay its
debts and discharge its obligations by put
ting its hands into the pocket of its neigh
bor. If the company wished to build a
road to Alaska, surely we in California
ought not to be obliged to pay its ex
penses."
"I would like to ask," intemosed Judge
McKenna, "what would . become •of Cali
fornia if she did not share in the expenses
of the transcontinental railway. If the
through line were discontinued our .State
would be isolated from the remainder of
the Union. The railway is not altogether
a State affair, since it passes through a
number 'of States. May it not be consid
ered as a whole and t its rates calculated
from the earnings of the entire system?"
"If that principle were recognized,"
answered Mr. Hayne, "where would it
take us?"
"ft is I who am asking the question,"
said the Juuge. "We have to decide this
case in accord with the principles of law.
I only ask how you think an interstate
railway can be operated unless its rates be
calculated upon the earnings of the whole
system? Could it pay its expenses? Could
it be run at all?"
' 'There are too many railways now," re
joined Mr. Hayne. "A railway should
not be built unless it ' can pay on the
places through which it is to pass. One
State ought not to pay the railway fares of
another."
A long discussion between his Honor
and the mercurial barrister ensued,
wherein each displayed a strong desire to
find out what the other was driving at,
but the effort on both sides met with only
indifferent success. Mr. Hayne read a
Jong extract from an opinion of Justice
Deady, contained in " the Twenty-third
.Federal" Reporter; which he contended
had a direct bearing upon the case before
the court. A compromise between him
self and the Judge was at length . effected,
neither side yielding a point, and his
Honor promising to read the decision
quoted and find out for himself what it
really decided.
Mr. Hayne concluded by saying that it
would not be right to go out of the State
in order to calculate local rates for Cali
fornia. However, in case external busi
ness were taken into account in estimating
rates charged in California, the entire out
side earnings would have to be taken into
consideration. The steamship lines, leased
and otherwise, the Mexican Central Rail
way and all the other paying ventures of
the Southern Pacific Company should at
least aid California in bearing the burden
of recompensing the company for losses
incurred in non-productive sections of
country.
The argument here rested for the day.
The Judge summoned Messrs. Hayno and
Garber to the bench, and Biter a brief
whispered conversation announced that in
questioning Mr. Hayne he had not in
tended to cast any' reflection upon the
propriety of thft attorney's position, but
only to ask f'^'information as to certain
specific points touched upon. Nobody
seemed willing after the adjournment to
say what the little talk dealt with, Mr.
Hayne, in answer to a question, saying,
"Oh, it was only a small private affair
between the Judge and myself."
CHANCE FOR MARSHALL. !
Another Murderer Respited From the
Rope by the Supreme
Court.
Charles Marshall, who was convicted
and sentenced to death for the murder of
Frank Hamilton, has been granted a new
trial by the Supreme Court.
Marshall was convicted of killing Frank
Hamilton in Riverside on April 8, 1895-
In instructing the jury the trial court said
that when the killing was proved it rested
with the defendant to show any cir
cumstance in mitigation to excuse or
justify— that is, the killing being proved,
it rested with the defense to make out a
case in mitigation. This was afterward
qualified by the instruction that at all
times the burden of proof rested on the
people.
The Attorney-General admitted that the
instruction wa? erroneous, but pleaded
that the people's case was so conclusive as
to rob the instruction of any harm it
might otherwise have done the defendant,
also that the general instruction on the
burden of proof relieved the first error.'
The Supreme Court holds differently, how
ever, and the order denying a new trial is
reversed.
To give contradictory instructions, the
court says, is to commit error, and it is
almost always impossible to say whether
the jury has the erroneous instruction or
the correct one.
MENACE TO DRIED FRUITS
Growers of the Northwest De
plore Indiscriminate
Shipments.
Say Fruits Are Thrown on the Mar
ket at Prices Ruinous to Ship
pers and Dealers.
Secretary Lelong of the State Board of
Horticulture received yesterday a letter
from a prominent firm of St. Paul, which
inclosed a protest from the Northwestern
Grocers' Association against the indis
criminate selling of dried fruit to unquali
fied agents of that section of the country.
The letter explaining the protest states
that the jobbers of that association dis
tribute upward of 1000 cars of dried fruits
a year and are the legitimate buyers of
dried fruits and canned goods from Cali
fornia, and they forward the protest be
cause some growers and shippers send
from this State goods to people who can
not handle them intelligently, thereby
rendering the business of buying dried
fruits hazardous.
.« . * V.J ....... _WU.. .......
The protest reads as follows:
St. Paul, Minn., April 11, 1896.
To the Fruit- Growers and Dried Fruit Dealers
of California— Gentlemen: This association,
representing as it docs all the wholesale gro
cers doing business in the great Northwest,!
protests against the present demoralized con
dition of the dried fruit market, growing out
of the indiscriminate shipments of dried fruits
by the fruit-growers of your State to the farm
produce and green fruit dealers in this section
of the country.
The principal effect of this is that such ship
ments are thrown on this market by such farm
produce and green fruit dealers at prices ruin
ous to both the original shippers and to the
legitimate dealers in dried fruits, and such
shipments are sold without regard to their
value at whatever prices may be offered for
them. The goods are used as baits to increase
the sale of oranges, lemons and farm produce,
and the principal object sought to be gained is
the commission to be earned, without proper
regard to the interests of the shipper. Such
sales establish a fictitious price and depreciate
the real value of every pound of like goods
which we may be at that time carrying in
stock. Our market is thus kept in* uncer
tainty and . legitimate handling of such goods
is made unsatisfactory and hazardous.
We feel that the interests of the California
fruit-growers, the legitimate handlers of dried
fruits in California and the jobbers in grocer
ies (which Include dried fruits) in this market
are identical, and none of them are benefited
I by the slaughtering of goods in the manner
! suggested. It 13 foreign to our wishes or in
terests that the fruit-growers of the Pacific
Coast should be ruined by the sacriflce of their
products in this market.
We, therefore, hereby place ourselves on rec
ord as being wholly opposed to the methods
referred to, which are subversive of the best
.interests of all parties concerned, and respect
fully recommend to the fruit-growers of Cali
fornia that they should ignore delusive circu
lars or personal solicitors from this section of
the Northwest, soliciting individual snipments
to unknown parties, who may promise enticing
returns from such shipments; and we further
recommend them to dispose of their products
through known and regular dealers or brokers
ln dried fruits, and not otherwise. Very re
spectfully,
Northwestern Wholesale GROCERS* ASSOCIA
tion. ' Per J. H. Beck, Secretary.
"There has been no concerted action on
the part of many growers in shipping
fruit," said Mr. Lelong, "and | these ship
ments mentioned by the protest are from
people outside the numerous exchanges
and associations throughout the State. In
fact, in some instances, they are working
directly in opposition to the exchanges.
The importance of such protective organi
zations is shown by this protest to be pre
eminent. •"■• - y r 7y7:
i "The board will take steps toward recti
fying this matter and will advise all indi
vidual growers to identify themselves with
some recognized body of shippers."
REAL ESTATE AT 7 AUCTION.
First Sale of the Season |by Bovee, Toy
• & Sonntag. y* ''}<
The first auction sale held this season by
Bovee, Toy & Sonntag occurred Tuesday
and was well attended. - Most of the prop
ties offered was sold at satisfactory prices.
, A residence at 910 Pine street, near Ma
son, with lot 25x62:6, was sold to I. N.
Eisenberg for $5625. Two flats on Valen
cia street, near Twenty-first, with lot 25x
00, was purchased by H.P.Daniels for
$3200. A lot 25x100 on the south line of
Page street, 50 feet west of Lvon, was sold
toC. V. Heegard for $2150. ".Two, corner
and six inside lots on Amazon avenue,
Lisbon and Paris streets sold for $850, the
purchaser being P. J. Martin.
A lot 150x120, on the west side of Thirty
fourth avenue, in the Richmond district
sold to Mr. Humphreys for $1050. Two
; three-room flats on Powell avenue, off
Mission street, with lot 25x100, sold to
William Burns for $1250. Three modern
flats at 1328 Hayes street, with lot 25x137:6
was sold with an "if for $7000. The
premises 702 and 704 McAllister street,
consisting of a modern three-story frame
building containing two stores and two
flats, Iot34:llj_xl00, sold to S. Clay burg
for $13,500. Several pieces on the cata
logue were withdrawn.
A Supreme Court Tie.
In the suit of the Santa Rosa Railway against
the City Railway of Santa Rosa, an action to
declare forfeited part of the defendant's fran
chise, the Supreme Court has sustained the
judgment for the defendant, but for a peculiar
reason Chief Justice Beattv was disqualified by
an interest ln the case, and the six other Jus
tices stood three to three. Tho judgment was
therefore allowed to stand.
California Psychical Society.
Professor Joseph Le Conte will lecture at
Golden Gate Hall, Sutter street, to-morrow
(Friday) evening, at 8 o'clock. Subject, "Im
mortality From the Standpoint of Science."
Tickets, 25 cents. *
THE SAN FRAS CISCO CALL, THURSDAY, APRIL 16, 1890.
THE PRESBYTERY AT WORK
A Prosperous Field Laid Out for
Rev. R. W. Reynolds in
the Park Station.
SOME ENCOURAGING REPORTS.
An Amendment to the Church Rules
by Which None but Members in
Good Standing May Vote.
The session of the presbytery was held
in the parlors of Calvary. Presbyterian
Church yesterday, the Rev. F. R. Farrand,
moderator, in the chair.
Tbe labors of the brethren were princi
pally devoted to receiving the report of
REV. R. W. REYNOLDS OF HOLLY PARK PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH.
standing committees and recommending
to the General Assembly certain amend
ments to the church and session char
acter. Among the principal changes'sug
gested is one by which only church mem
bers in good standing shail oe entitled to
vote for a minister. Heretofore every
member whose name appeared on the roll
of membership could come in nt an elec
tion for a new minister irrespective of his
standine in the church.
The Richmond district was added to the
Holly Park ministry, to which charge the
energetic young minister, R.W. Reynolds,
has just been assigned, as a home mission
district.
The debatable question over the French
and Italian home missions, in which there
seems to be some misunderstanding be
tween two of the leading congregations,
did not come up for discussion, as was an
ticipated.
The reports of the various committees
as presented to the presbytery shows the
church under its jurisdiction to be in a
healthy and prosperous condition. The
increase in members and finance was re
ported to be more than encouraging, as
compared to previous sessions. This, with
J. K. Inazawa and J. Okuno, Who Were Ordained Presbyterian -Ministers by the
San Francisco Presbytery.
the large class of students in theological
seminaries under the jurisdiction of this
presbytery, who are expected to receive or
dination in the near future, gives renewed
encouragement to Presbyterianism on this
coast. 7 77
Prominent among those present were
Rev. J. K. Inazawa and Rev. J. Okuno,
who were ordained the previous day.
TWO HOMELESS INFANTS
One Babe Only a Few Days Old
Abandoned in the Bitter
Cold.
The Child Found in a Hand-Satchel
Monday Dies at the Orphan
Asylum.
Another abandoned baby has found a
home in Mount St. Joseph's Orphan Asy
lam. This time it is a baby girl, well
developed and healthy. -7
Mrs. Stewart of 16»_ Oak Grove avenue,
a small street running from Harrison to
Bryant, between Fifth and Sixth, opened
her front door about 6:30 o'clock yesterday
morning to go on an errand, when she
nearly stepped upon a baby which was
lying on her front step nude and exposed
to • the bitter cold weather. There was
a piece of flour sack under the infant, but
there had been no attempt to cover the
body with it.
The child was blue from the cold. Mrs.
Stewart tooK it inside and placed it in a
warm oven. Then she bathed it in warm
water and wrapped it in flannel.
After doing all that was possible for the
little one. Mrs. Stewart notified Policeman
O'Connell, who summoned the patrol
wagon. The baby was placed in a fruit
box and taken to the Receiving Hospital,
where it met with a motherly reception
from Matron Kane. A few hours later it
.was sent to the orphan asylum in the
ambulance.
Dr. Weil expressed the opinion that the
baby had not been born more than twenty
four hours before it was discovered by
Mrs. Stewart. .
Policeman O'Connell has been detailed
to find if possible the inhuman parents of
the infant, and he will be assisted by the
officers of the Society for the Prevention
of Cruelty to Children.
The boy baby found in a satchel in the
vacant lot on Twelfth street Monday morn
ing died at the orphan asylum yesterday
.afternoon. Every effort is being made by
the police to trace the parents of the boy,
and Captain Lees said yesterday that he
was not without hope of finding them
soon.
OUR APRIL ALL.
Weather Clerk Hammon Assures the
Drenched Unfortunates That It
Was "Purely Local."
The dark clouds that gathered over
head so suddenly yesterday afternoon in
a sky that but a few minutes before seemed
unalloyed blue were "purely local" accord
ing to the words of Weather Clerk Ham
mon. ' 'yMy.
"While the rain and hail were pouring
down over the City," said Mr. Hammon,
"the sun was shining on the bay and
across the straits.'' There was nothing
particularly remarkable about its sudden
ness. It was simply an April squall, but
the precipitation of hail is very unusual.
This hail came down from the higher
layers of air, and those layers of cold are
not so very high cither; you would not be
obliged to ascend many feet above the top
of the Mills building'to find the freezing
point. There i. snow on the mountains in
many parts of the State. During the last
thirty-six hours there has been a general
cooling of the air west of the Rocky Moun
tains.
"The air is heavily charged with mois
ture, and it is owing to this fact that so
few heavy frosts have been reported. The
conditions are the same as during the first
part of March.
"I got a special at 2 o'clock this after
noon from several stations in the interior
saying if the clear sky continued there
would be severe frosts in those localities.
"At Suisun last night had the weather !
remained clear two hours longer than it
did considerable damage would have been
done. But it clouded up and the danger
was averted. lam inclined to think the
extended dancer will be very small. The j
cold snaps will occur only in spots. No, !
the climate of California will, I think j
never lose its genial and almost continual
warmth. These little squalls and snaps
are only accidents, as it were."
ALEXANDER BOYD'S WILL.
He Leave* a 870,000 Estate to His
Widow.
The will of Alexander P. Boyd, dispos
ing of an estate valued at $70,000, has been
filed in the Probate Court. The petition
for its probate is directed to Judge Slack,
and it sets forth that the estate consists of
land in San Benito County valued at $6000,
some small lots in San Francisco, a twenty
foot lot on Third street valued at $10,000,
some land in Santa Clara County, notes
and mortgages to the amount of $42,000
and shares of stock in various companies.
Th? entire estate is left to the widow by
the following will: ji7y
I. Alex P. Boyd, do make and publish this,
my last will and testament, thereby revoking
all former wills by me made. I bequeath all
my property, real and personal, wherever the
same may be, to my beloved wife, Mattie Boyd.
I appoint my said wife the executrix of this,
my last will and testament. My will is that
my said wife shall not be required to give any
bonds or security to the Judge of Probate for
the faithful execution of the duties of the ex
ecutrix.
I have hereunto set my hand and seal this
sixth day of May, eighteen hundred and
eighty-two (1882). Alex P. Boyd.
He leaves a widow and a daughter, Miss
Grace Boyd, who live at 1919 Devisadero
street.
To Discuss Irrigation.
A large number of horticulturists and vitl.
culturists in the northern part of this State
have arrived at the conclusion that while
fruits, grapes, cereals and other products grow
well without water, they will do hetter with
irrigation. That fruits especially attain a
larger size and a better flavor and make finer
preserves where irrigation is pursued has been
repeatedly demonstrated. Furthermore, there
is hardly a valley or plain in this section of
the State but what can be watered at very lit
tle cost. .This mutter has been looked into ex
tensively by a large number of people who are
interested in the subject, and on next Tuesday
afternoon "Irrigation in Northern California"
will be exhaustively discussed at a meeting of
the California State Board of Trade, at 16 Post
street. B. M. Lelong, F. Maslin, N. B. Chipman
and others will read interesting papers upon
the subject. : . ; -, «yiy,,y
The silkworm is three inches long and
is well provided with less, having no less
than sixteen of these valuable members.
WHEN LAWYERS AGREE
Counsel in the Martin Case Con
cur in Closing the Trial
Tc-Day.
EVIDENCE THAT WAS BARRED.
The Railroad Amends Its Answer as to
Simple Negligence— What a
Boy Thought.
The Martin case will, by mutual under- [
standing between the counsel— the first }
understanding that they have come to in ,
all the two weeks of the trial— be brought ;
to a close to-day so far as the taking of
testimony ,is concerned. The • case will
then go over until Monday, when the argu
ments of counsel will be made.
Yesterday the interest wabbled some,
and at no time was superinductive of pal
pitation of the heart among auditors. As
many of these crowded . the courtroom all
the day as at any time during the trial.
The morning was devoted to medical
testimony. A number of physicians testi
fied as to locomotor ataxia, the complaint
which the plaintiff was suffering from at
the time he was put off the train, and
which, through the rough handling to
which he was subjected at that time, he
claims to have been aggravated and ren
dered incurable. •
A good deal of skirmishing between
counsel was occasioned by the character
of this testimony or the character of that
sought to be secured from the doctors.
.General Barnes, for the railroad, inter
rupted the proceedings to amend his an
swer, charging negligence on the part of
the plaintiff— not contributory, but simple
negligence, in not having properly iden
tified himself to the conductor when he
might have done so.
Delmas objected. He said it was rather
late in the proceedings to introduce new
elements. This was a complete shifting
of the attitude of the defense.
"The defendants," he said, "have an
swered our complaint with ten pages of
type-written matter, in which they set up
that the plaintiff was playing a game upon
them ; that he deliberately planned a fraud
and a deception and ' declared their ability
to prove it. We confronted this without
fear. Now they propose to change base.
They wish to hold that if the plaintiff was
guilty of negligence he is not entitled to
damages. Hitherto they have admitted if
the company made a mistake they were
liable."
The court said it could not see that any
burden was added to the plaintiff by the
move it was simply taking the view of
the court that negligence should bean
element in the case.
"Is that the court's view of it?" inquired
j Delmas. "The two propositions are as
| widely separated as the shores of the
i ocean. Certainly the defendants had no
I thought that there was such a pos>ible
view to be taken under tbe law. They
have taken the suggestion from the court."
"It does not matter where the sugges
tion came from," said Judge Daingerfield.
"It was made some time ago, and both
j sides had the benefit of it. As I say, it
i adds no new burden on the plaintiff, and
| I will allow the offer."
This settled the most strongly disputed
• point of the day.
In the afternoon several ticket-scalpers
, were heard. One of them testified that
! Martin had visited him and offered to sell
; his ticket, or at least asked what would be
given for it.
A Pinkerton detective named Morrison,
■ from Sioux City, was called to show that
the plaintiff was not only in the commis-
I sion business there, but that he "ran" the
' Bijou Theater, a place where drinks were
1 sold and where there were "women box
: workers." This line oi inquiry was shut
off under objection.
Then there was a good deal of inquiry
i about a woman named Rogers, but she was
j not brought definitely into the case, as the
i objections were sustained.
Then a youne man named Hathaway
i undertook to explain on the stand that an
affidavit had been filed by the plaintiff re
cently during a real estate transaction de
claring that he (Martin) was not now and
never had been married, despite the fact
that he had declared on the stand that he
was and is married. r »7 7
Delmas said he was perfectly willing to
meet this evidence if it came properly be
fore the court, but the memory or hearsay
of this boy was not the thing.
General Barnes said a certified copy of
the affidavit was in tbe mail and on the
way. It would arrive to-morrow. It was
decided not to admit the testimony. If
the affidavit arrived in time it would be
considered.
Ail these witnesses were sharply cross
questioned as to how they came to be wit
nesses here and the fact was developed that
they were supplied with passes by the
order or William A. Pinkerton of Chicago.
The last-named witness hart brought his
wife along on such a pass, The detective
had been supplied with funds for his ex
penses. The others paid their own ex
penses, they said.
To-day the defense will close with the
evidence of the brakemen on the tram, and
the plaintiff will put in his rebuttal.
A Body in the Bay.
The body of an unknown man was recovered
from the bay at the foot of Pacific street yes
terday morning. It was ' removed to the
Morgue. The body was that of a man of 50
years and clothed in dark material. v
NEW TO-DAY.
Plumpness is prosper-
ity, good nature, hap-
piness* It is not to
shiver with every cold
breeze; it is defense
against coughs, shelter
from Neuralgia, shield
against nervous pros-
tration; better than all
—security from germs
of Consumption and
an escape from a thou-
sand aches and pains
which cling to a poorly
nourished body* Scott's
Emulsion of Cod-liver
Oil with Hypophos-
phites will make thin
people not over-fat, but
plump* It smoothes out
the wrinkles and brings
I the dimples back*
The hand of fate hovers over the unwise, the
youth who in error have dashed the cup of life
to the floor. It is a fearful horror to be as
strong as an ox to-day, to be weak as a kitten
to-morrow. It is a solemn warning; it should I
be heeded. Catch yourself In the nick of time, i
If you cannot help yourself the
GREAT HUDYAN
Will help you. Hudyan is a purely vegetable
preparation, but Is a powerful one.
Hudyan restores, rebuilds, renews the fires of
life. It is for man. It is man's best friend. If
you suffer from weakness, from impaired or lost
manhood, if you have used up your kidneys or
injured your liver you should write and learn
all about the Great Hudyan. Circulars and
testimonials free.
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
Stockton, Market and Ellis Sts. -
BAN FRANCISCO, CAL.
GRAND
SPECIAL
SALE!
ENTIRE STOCK
FROM
D. Solis Cohen & Bro.,
Portland, Oregon,
$60,000 Worth
OF
Toys, Fancy Goods, Notions,
Stationery, Toilet Articles, Fans,
Albums, Platcdware, Clocks, Jew
elry, Hosiery, Handkerchiefs,
Housefurnishing Goods, Vases,
Flower Pots, Hats, Men's Fur-
nishing Goods, Baby Carriages,
Leather Goods, Purses and Bags,
Trunks and Valises, Etc., Etc.,
To Be Sold at |j jjg oq the Dollar.
A RARE CHANCE FOR BARGAINS
Stock must be sold during this sale.
DONT MISS IT. COME EARLY.
X office or ' • I
t BLACKWELL'S DURHAM TOBACCO COMPANY. V
f s_*_ ana DURHAM, N. c.
"P_i fill Dear Sir:
Im Ml■ i ■ You are enti tled to receive
Efi la H__J_lnß FREE from your wholesale dealer,
mm eiat__ißaa WHITE STAR SOAP with all
•the y-
MgnAAnliffl Blackweil's Genuine
yryilafluw Durham Smoking
■'■ , TobaCCO you buy. One bat
WI @J_ 1 18 °* soa P Fres with each Pound,
I__ _B ] A 1 A .| whether 16 oz., 8 oz., 4 oz., or
fill HPfvlll a oz., packages.
Bay m IS y^J_._? We have notified every whole-
VWW * *■ sale dealer in the United States
Esa^a. !att mcm .a* that we will supply them with soap
ral^'^i « rsHFI to give you FREE. Order a good
lIIKUIII supply of GENUINE DURHAM at
Sj/i I nil once, and insist on getting your
y___l__i2yyiyn soap. One bar of Soap FREE with
each pound you buy. Soap' is
offered for a limited time, so order
to-day. Yours very truly,
§ BLACKWELL'S DURHAM
I TOBACCO COMPANY.
■♦»«»»»♦■»♦♦ If you bava any difficulty in procuring your .___« ... ,
,'i soap, cut out this notice and send it witb ' ''*
• ' ' ' your order to your wholesale dealer.; ?'■"£.'< -.'-.•''
ART SALE
AT AUCTION!
BY ORDER OF
EDWIN OEAKIN, ARTIST.
60 OF HIS CHOICEST
OIL PAINTINGS!
IN THE MAPLE HAIL,
On the First Floor of the Palace HoteL
AUCTION SALES
Wednesday, April 15.... At 12 o'clock, noon
Wednesday, April 15 At 7:45 o'clock, evenlnsr
Thursday, April 16 .....At 12 o'clock, noon
FREE EXHIBITION,
Commencing Monday. April 13, at 10 o'clock a. h.,
and continuing day and evening until the closing
of the auction sale. The sale composes Archi-
tectural Subjects, Old Buildings, Mountains,
Mountain Lakes, studies of Fruit and Sketches of
Paris 'Rues. In the collection are: "Dent dv
Midi," "Westminster Abbey," "Scene of Gray's
Elegy." "Light in the Window," "Eagle Falls,
Near Tahoe," "The Old Chateau," "Point Neuf,
Paris." This will be the last presentation by Mr.
Deakin of his works at public auction. - \ - 77.
Do not forget the days and hours of auction
sales. Catalogues at Maple Hall, Palace Hotel,
and at our oflice.
Connoisseurs will find this collection well worth
a visit. " EASTON, ELDRIDGE'&CO.,
633 Market street. Auctioneers.
NEW TO-PAT.' . ,
SOLB AGENTS FOR THE
MAGGIONI KID GLOVES.
ANNOUNCEMENT
EXTRAORDINARY!
COMEMM MONDAY AT 9 A. H.
SILKS
( , X
..■AT"-- .
Half Price!
Hundreds of Yards of New
Silks Almost Given Away.
TAFFETA SILKS;
I3?ff
CHOICE DESIGNS,
DESIRABLE COLORINGS,
MAGNIFICENT QUALM,
— -___.T .*
sfijl :pe:r.
II v •_t - __._=_:d.
REGULAR PRICE $1 PER YARD.
The Greatest Bargain Ever Offered Id This
City. New Goods Just Placed on Oar
■ Counters, Not Old, Shopworn Silks. -
OIR REGULAR PATRONS ARE AD-
VISED TO CALL EARLY.
NEWMAN & LEVINSON,
125, 137, 129, 131 KearnySt.
Bran di Store 742 and 744 Market St.
nwcum
§J Wf§ PRIVATE DISPENSARY.
SPECIALTY— DISEASES OP MEN, INCLUD-
Ingall forms of Blood, Skin and Nervous Dis-
eases. Over 'JO years' experience. Book sent free.
Patients cured at Home. Terms reasonable. Office
Hours, 9to 3 daily: 6:30 to 8:30 evening*. Sundays,
10 to 12. Consultation free and sacredly confiden-
tial. Call, or address '
P. itosco i: McWtJXTY, 31 . ».,
20!. Kenrny Street. Han Frnuriwo, Cat.
Q ROSE CARNIVALS
—AND A—
A VENETIAN WATER
M CARNIVAL
R CARNIVAL
gW^ will swell the great tide of merry.
J__^ making to sweep over the State thi*
season. ; ..""■
N SANTA ROSA CARNIVAL
Is Programmed for
April 30, May 1 and 2.
I The charming City of Rose* Is Tar -
much at home with this favor.*
flower, and her pride in its exhlbf
tion is surpassed only by ■ h_,"
amazing wealth of roses. . . • .
_ I SAN MATEO COUNTrS
V SAN MATEO COUNTY'S
ROSE CARNIVAL
\f is to be held at Redwood City on th.
DATES NAMED ABOVE, an J i? wilt
8 " 11^
A SANTA CRUZ VENETIAN
WATER CARNIVAL
recollections of last season'^!.^
event, to be comp etely eclipsed tht.
SSS*? Baid - shous y and3 P wlU ££
S REDUCED RATES*™**
c S tl ?f. rn Paciflc Company*?' afl
these brilliant events. Arrange/our
vacation programmes according!^
1 and call on the agents for particular^DIFFERENCE OF
FOUR MILLIONS.
Excerpts From the Report
of the Southern Paci
fic Company.
______
A REMARKABLE DEFICIT.
It Is Shown in the Statement of
the Operations of the
Pacific System.
PERTINENT FIGURES COMPARED
Those of Last Year Show a Difference
in Net Results of More Than
Fcur Million Dollars.
Comparison of the official figures of the
operations of the Pacific system of the
Southern Pacific Company for the years
ending June 30, 1594. and June 30,1895,
respectively, shows a difference in net re
sults of more than $4,000,000 in favor of
the earlier period. For 1893-94 there was
a net surplus of $3,804,445 36, while for
18944)5 there was a net deficit of $276,202 70.
In view of the desperate efforts of C. P.
Huntington to secure the passage by Con
gress of a bill re-funding the debt of the
Central Pacilic Railroad Company to the
United States Government and the deter
mined battle of the Southern Pacilic Com
pany in the United States Circuit Court to
prevent the California State Railroad
Commission from reducing rates in this
State on the various lines of the company,
more than usual interest attaches to the
financial statement of that corporation for
the year ending June 30, 1895, which
should have been presented to the stock
holders at the annual meeting last week.
Only a brief condensed report could be
made, as all the data and figures had rot
yet come to hand from the Atlantic
system of the Southern Pacific Company
nor from the Texas roads, which within
the past year have been incorporated as a
part of the Southern Pacific Company.
; Controller Mahl is now devoting all his
time and that of his assistants to get
ting the full report in shape at the earliest
time, but. even without any unexpected
delays it will not be out of the printer's
hands and ready to be given to the public
short of three weeks. Mr. Mahl expects
to conclude his labors in about two weeks,
when lie will leave for New York, allowing
Mr. Wright, the newly elected secretary oi
the corporation, to loot after the minor
details of the report.
Among the most interesting matter
usually embraced in the report is the ad
dress of the president to the stockholders,
reviewing the past year's operations and
outlining more or less definitely the work
ahead and the future prospects of the cor
poration. This has not yet been begun, as C.
P. Hunting: . -a imi.^t necessarily have the
full report before him before he can intel
ligently discuss the affairs of the company
over whose destinies he presides.
From the advance sheets of the report
the following important figures covering
the operations of the Pacific system of the
Southern Pacific Company, that in which
the people of Califoruia are most inter
ested, were obtained, covering the year
ending June 30, 1895:
Total income $31,496,080 44
Total expenditures .. 31,117,516 33
Net Income $378,664 11
Betterments 609,700 _8
Expenses of land department- 45,126 53
Netdefieit $276,262 70
From this it will be seen that while
there has oeen an actual net income of
$378,564 11 the report shows a deficit of
more than a quarter of a million. But
this deficit is not a loss. In order to create
it $609,700 28 were expended in better
ments, which are an asset and in reality a
profit and not an expense, as generally
understood among bookkeepers, and con
sequently the "deficit" really represents
improvements to the road.
For the year previous the Pacific system
ofthe Southern Pacific Company made the
following showing:
Total Income $37,209,365 03
Total expenditures 33,163 759 48
Net income $4,045,605 65
Betterments 241,160 19
Net surplus 1 $3,804,445 86
A comparison of the figures for these
two periods shows a remarkable difference
between the results of the operations of
the company during 1893-94, a year when
there -were neither Federal nor State au
thorities seeking to bring the company to
book, and the year 1894-95, when the Cen
tral Pacific Railroad is seeking to evade
the payment of its honest debts to the
United States and the Southern Pacific is
battling with the State Board of Railroad
Commissioners to prevent a reduction of
rates to what is considered a reasonable
figure by the constituted authorities.
During tbe period first named there was
a net surplus of $3,404,445 36, and during
the latter there was a deficit of $276,262 70,
or a difference of $4,080,708 06.
There were a number of elections yester
day of some of the minor inner corpora
tions of the Southern Pacific Company,
which resulted in the choice of the follow
ine officers and directors:
Southern Pacific Railroad Company of
California— Charles F. Crocker, president;
H. E. Huntington, vice-president; I. E.
Gates, second vice-president; N. T. Smith,
treasurer; J. L. Willcutt, secretary; C. G.
Lathrop, F. S. Douty.
Coos Bay (Or.) Coal Company— N. T.
Smith, president; C. E. Green, vice-presi
dent; George T. Klink, secretary and treas
urer ; F. S. Douty, W. V. Huntington, M.
J. McDonald. ■ ■■'■ ■'■■,
Geary-street. Park and Ocean Railroad
Company— Charles F. Crocke p , president;
Adam Grant, vice-president; N. T. Smith,
treasurer; J. L. Willcutt, secretary; H. E.
Huntington, R. F. Morrow, F. S. Douty.
'California Pacific Railroad Company—
T. H. Hubbard, president; N. T. Smith,
vice-president; J. L. Willcutt, treasurer;
George T. Klink, secretary ; W. H. Crocker,
C.P.Huntington, H. E. Huntington, C.
G. Lathrop.
Northern Railway Company— C. F.
Cr>cker. president; C. G. Lathrop, vice
president; N. T. Smith, treasurer; George
T. Klink, secretary; W. H. Crocker, H. E.
Huntington.
South Pacific Coast Railway Company—
T. H. Hubbard, president; C. F. Crocker,
vice-president; N. T. Smith, treasurer;
George JT. Klink, secretary; F. S. Douty.
C.P.Huntington, H. E. Huntington, C.
G. tiro p. '•--'■ -:. .....
In each corporation the former directors
and officers were re-elected, except that :
F. S. Douty replaced A. N. Towne, de
ceased, as a director of tbe South Pacific
Coast Railway Company, and George T.
Klink replaced G. L. Lansing, deceased, as
secretary in four of these corporations as
indicated.
BUTCHERS' DAY.
A Double Celebration to Take Place at
Shell Mound and the Oakland
Trotting Park.
A fine programme is promised for the
butchers' day celebration at Shell Mound
Park and the Oakland Trotting Park on
May 20. The butchers of Sacramento,
Stockton, Marysvilie, San Jose, Oakland,
San Rafael, Petaluma and other interior
towns, beside cattle-raisers from Nevada
as well as many located in this State, will
participate in the affair. The railway has
reduced its rates, the transportation ticket
including a free admission to the grounds
in Oakland and ac Shell Mound.
On the track of the Oakland Trotting
Park the following programme will be
carried out:
Pacing race, owners to drive, horses to be
owned thirty days previous to day of race;
three or more starters; entrance fee $5. forfeit
$10; first prize $50, second $25, third $10.
Trotting race, under same conditions, for
same prizes.
Running race, under same rules, except that
it is not compulsory for owners to ride, and the
entrance will be $_ 50, forfeit $5; prizes $25,
$10 and $5.
Vaquero race, half-mile dash, open to all
vaqueros employed by members of the Butch
ers' Board of Trade, Mexican saddles to be
used ; entrance $1 ; prizes $25. $10 and $5.
Trick-riding race, half-miie dash, undersame
rule as vaqueros' race; prizes $15 and $10.
One-miie-and-repeat-time driving race; same
rules as pacers' race to govern, horse passing
wire closest to three minutes to be declared
winner; no driver allowed to carry timepiece;
entrance $5; prizes $40, $25 and $15.
Butchers' delivery curt race, one mile and
repeat; same rules as pacing race; entrance,
$2 50; forfeit, $5; prizes $23, $15 and $10.
One-mile handicap bicycle race, open to
butchers or butchers' sons; entiariee, $1;
prizes $20, $10 and $5.
One-mile handicap bicycle race; butchers'
boys or butchers' sons; 10 years or under;
entrance, 50 cents; prizes $10 and $5.
One-mile handicap bicycle race, open to all
amateurs of California; entrance, $1; trophies
$30, $20 and $10.
SUFFERED FOR HIS LOVE.
Striking Feature in the Court
ship of Fred Potter and
Hilda Lind.
The Girl's Mcther ani Brother Attack
Her Lover With a Loaded
Cane.
Fred Potter of 12 Salina street has found
out the truth of the saying that the course
of true love never runs smooth.
He and Hilda Lind, who lives next door
to him, have been keeping company for
some time. Hilda is 16 years of age and
Fred is 21. Last Monday, while the lovers
were walking along the beach at the Cliff
House, Hilda rushed into the breakers
and was pulled ashore in a bedraggled
condition by Fred. She was taken to the
life-saving station until the patrol wagon
arrived, when she was driven to the City
Prison and taken charge of by Mrs. Gil
more, the matron.
Hilda explained that her reason for
peeking a watery grave was because her
mother and brother objected to her keep
ing company with Fred. On Tuesday
morning she had become more sensible,
and on giving her mother a promise that
she would not again attempt to end her
life she was taken home.
Yesterday morning Fred appeared in
Judge Low court with bumps all over his
head, and swore out warrants for the ar-
Jesues Miramonde_, Who Spent the Eighty Years of Her Life in the Land of .Her
Birth.
rest of Mrs. Lind and her son, Irving, on
the charge of battery, y ,"7
Fred said that as he was passing the
Lind residence on Tuesday night Mrs.
Lind and her son rushed out and attacked
him furiously. Irving Lind beat him over
the head with a loaded cane, and Mrs.
Lind struck him with her fists and kicked
him. Then they told him if he dared to
fpeak to Hilda again they would make it
more interesting for him, and left him to
nurse the rising bumps on his head.
As he thought of their treatment of him
his choler rose and he hurried to the Cen
tral police station. He wanted to know
if he couldn't get an officer to go with him
at once to arrest Mrs. Lind and her son,
but he was advised to wait till morning
and swear out warrants against them.
Opium Ring in Chinatown.
Revenue officers yesterday found an account
book In the store of Wong Ling in Chinatown
that may lead to the discovery of an opium
ring. The accounts show that large quantities
of opium had been handled by Chinese during
the year. Thewclewill be followed up by the
officers and the ring hunted down if possible.
The Rack, the Thumbscrew and the Boot
Were old-fashioned instruments of torture long
since abandoned, but there is a tormentor who
still continues to agonize ]j»e joints, muscles and
nerves of many of us. The rheumatism, that in
veterate foe to daily and nightly comfort, may b-T
conquered by the timely and steady use' of Hostet
ter's Stomach Bitters, which likewise eradicates
neuralgia, bilious, malarial, bowel, stomach and
nerve complaints.
. THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, APRIL 16, 1896.
OLDEST NATIVE DAUGHTER
Jesues Miramontez, Born at the
Presidio in 1815, Died
Monday.
SHE LIKED THE "DOOMSWOMAN"
Her Sister, Also Born in California
in 1806, Died at Santa Clara
April 3.
Jesues Miramontez.
Born December 27. 1815.
Died April 14, 1896,
Aged 80 years, 3 months and 17 days.
This is the simple record given in the.
old family Bible of the birth and decease
of one who has seen the struggle for the
possession of California, viewed with
anxious eyes the invaders' triumph and
the American flag floating proudly over
the conquered land, saw the victorious
generals march up and dnwn tho land in
all the pomp and pageantry of the con
queror, became resigned to the change of
of government and "lived happiiy ever
after."
When one of the pioneers leaves the
scenes of his earthly exploits the fact is
i duly given to a sympathetic public, but
here is one who had attained womanhood
I in the land of the Golden Fleece ere the
I Jasons came in quest of it.
The 27th day of December, 1815, out in a
building of the old Mexican fort, which
stood where the Presidio is now, in what
I is now used for an armory, Jesues Her
i nandez was ushered into the world. Her
! childhood's years were spent mostly in
j the company of her brothers and sisters,
'of wnom she had eleven. Her only tutors
i were her godfather and her godmother.
j Of the broader knowledge which comes of
i travel and much reading she had ac
! quired none, but of the events which are
1 ever interesting to the Californian— the
troublesome times of the Mexican War, the
excitement following on the heels of the
discovery of gold in 1848, and life in gen
eral as it was lived in Yerba Buena and
vicinity her mind was a vast storehouse.
She was both christened and married in
the old Mission Dolores Church, which
still stands on Dolores street, between
j Sixteenth and Seventeenth. Her marriage
to Vicente Miramontez occurred in 1837,
and about three years thereafter the couple
moved to the corner of Sacramento and
Dupont streets.
"There used to be an old well in the
region of the old City Hall," said Jose M.
i Miramontez, the oldest surviving son,
j "and I have often heard my mother relate
j how the Spanish families, living in the
; vicinity, used to congregate round this
well and discuss the occurrences of the
j day. It was about this time that the In
| dians up on Russian River began to give
j trouble, and my lather, who was an officer
in the Mexican army at the time, was
ordered up there. They met the Indians
and defeated them in the region of the
present city of Sonoma. As they were
returning, before the men embarked in
their small skiffs at Tiburon for this City,
! ray father's musket was discharged wiiile
he was leaning on it and his hand was dis
figured forever." ' .7;
"Yes," chimed in Mrs. J. L. Kercheval,
granddaughter of deceased, who has come
down from Walnut Grove, Sacramento
County, to be present at the funeral; "and
grandmother has told me so much of the j
flurry that was produced in the surround- ■
ing country whenever an American shin j
arrived. The whole water front was lined '
with people. You know at that time the |
bay came up as far as Montgomery I
street."
Here Jose launched forth on a tale of
how the receding waters at low tide used
to leave a small lake near the foot of Clay
street, and how he and the other boys used
to get boards and paddle round in the pool
against their parents' strict injunction.
Shortly before her death scenes from
Gertrude Atherton's "Doomswoman" were
read to her, and she said they were true to
life.
To-day the body will be taken from her
son's home, at 723 Montgomery avenue, to
Halfmoon Bay for burial, and to-morrow
all that is.mortal of Jesues Miramontez will
be interred in the ground over which
tramped the pioneers in their search for
riches.
Her sister, Tomasa Gijenne, died at
Santa Clara the 3d inst., having passed the
ninetieth milestone in life. Thus depart
two of California's oldest native daughters.
Great grandchildren survive them both. •
THE RICHMOND DISASTER,
Mrs. Slume, Grandmother of Fritz
Krasmy, Dies From Her Injuries.
Mrs. Catherine Blume, aged 70 years,
who jumped from a window during the
progress of a fire at 118 Thirteenth avenue
on Sunday night last, died from tier in
juries yesterday. In this fire Fritz
Erasmy , aged six years, was burned -to
death. When Mrs. Blume was aroused
from her slumbers to find the house on
fire she was greatly excited and leaped
from a second-story window. She was
severely injured and it was not thought at
the time that she would recover. She was
the grandmother of the child who was
burned to death.- The death was reported
to the Coroner yesterday, but as the death
was solely accidental -it is not probable
that an inquest will be held.
DEMOCRATS THEIR FOES.
Ladies of the Republican Club Loyal to
the Woman's Party.
The Woman'#State Central Republican
Club held its monthly meeting at the Bald
win Hotel last evening.
There were addresses on Republican
principles and woman's share in the propa
ganda of the same by Mrs. J. Murray
Bailey, Mrs. Gregory, L. B. Leavitt, George
W. Owens and G. Powers. Mr. Owens ad
vocated the organization of women's com
mittees in every Assembly disirict.
Mrs. Whittonham opposed affiliation
with any party and thought women should
limit their efforts to the campaign for suf
frage for their sex. ■ Mrs. Addie L. Ballon,
the president, reminded the lady that this
was not a woman suffrage association, but
a woman's Republican club. Mr. Leavitt
added with a good deal of spirit that he
didn't know a Democrat in the State who
J. M. Barratt of Salt lake, Who Tells of the New Conditions in Utah.
[Sketched from life by a ''Call" artist.]
did not think that women should stay at
home and attend to their business. Tbe
Republican party is the suffrage party he
declared, Mis. J allou emphasized the
statement.
It was decided that a special meeting
would be held in {the Baldwin parlors in
two weeks for the purpose of effecting an
organization of Republican women in each
district. . .
BUT ONE MORE CHARGE.
R. H. McDonald Jr. Is Again
Acquitted in the Superior
Court.
His Bail, Reduced to Two Thousand
Dollars on the Last
Action.
R. H. McDonald Jr. is within touch of
freedom. He has been acquitted of what is
recognized as tbe last charge against him
and the end of his prosecutions will prob
ably be on Saturday.
The charge upon which he has just been
acquitted is for doing away with a note for
$40,000. signed by Henry W. Westphal and
indorsed by C. O. Swan berg. It > was de
posited iv the People's Home Savings
Bank and in return McDonald was given
a letter of credit on the Pacific Bank. The
Pacific Bank failed, however, and as the
letter of credit was useless the note was
returned to Westphal. For returning this
note McDonald, in common with A. L.
Jenkins and others, was indicted for em
bezzlement.
J. E. Farnham, manager of the People's
Home Bank, and L. E. Phillips, its attor
ney, were the only witnesses on the stand;
They told the story of the disappearance
of the note on direct examination, and on
cross-examination they explained the
transaction. When this aspect of affairs
had been shown Carroll Cook, McDonald's
attorney, asked that the Judge instruct
the jury to acquit, as it had been shown
that the transaction had taken place on
the advice of the bank's attorney and with
out criminal intent. The Assistant Dis
trict Attorney made but little opposition
to the motion and finally agreed that the
court deliver such an instruction.
It was not exactly an instruction to ac
quit. The court auvised the jury that the
transaction was not in any way criminal,
but he said it rested with the ]uors to say
whether or not they would hear the re
mainder of the case or render a verdict at
once. They prelerreu to find at once, and
a verdict of not guilty was rendered ac
cordingly.
Cook then asked the court to dismiss
the two indictments for embezzlement
which are now hanging over McDonald.
They were both defective, and others were
filed in their places. Upon these substi
tutes McDonald was tried and acquitted.
Cook wanted the court to dismiss them.
The Assistant District Attorney demurred,
however, aud. the court therefore laid them'
over until Saturday. Judge Bahrs said
McDonald could plead an acquittal in
each case should he be tried on the indict
ments, and he therefore dismissed the bail
attaching to them. . 7 j7y 7'.-v
The only other charge now pending
against McDonald is one of perjury for
swearing to a false annual statement. This
was tried once before Judge Murphy and
the trial resulted in a disagreement. It
will come up on Saturday to be set. The
District Attorney is not very sanguine as to
the result should it ever come to trial. The
bail for this charge was reduced to $2000,
and that represents the amount of bail
which now separates McDonald from lib-
ertv.
McDonald is not troubling himself about
his bail, small as it now is. "1 am not
looking for it," he says. Some one of my
friends may come forward now and put it
up, but at this moment I have not thought
of the matter. I don't suppose that any
thing will be done until Saturday anyway."
Russia is not a large silk producer. The
amount of the product iii 1887 wrs 900,000
pounds, valued at £1,800,000.
HERE FROM THE WASATCH
Odd Things About Gold Mines,
Politics and Business
in Utah.
NO MORE BOOMS ARE WANTED.
J. M. Bariatt Tells of the New Slave's
Thrifty Condition— The Famous
j Ontario Mine.
"We have no boom and we don't want
any," said J. M. Barratt of Salt Lake yes
terday at the Palace. Mr. Barratt is man
ager of the Garfield Beach bathing resorts
at Salt Lake owned by the Union Pacific
Railroad. "We had one boom," continued
the gentleman, "and it was sufficient to
last us for all time. Every one knows now
that any boom is bad, and all we want is a
healthful condition of trade and that
natural progress which is incident to it. .
"This we are now getting in Salt Lake.
Business has improved a great deal during
the last several months. There has been
nothing sudden about it, but it has been
in such a way that we could notice it.
Salt Lake is now getting on a very good
basis.
"The new mining district at Mercer,
which at first a good many people thought
wasn't of much consequence, is developing
some good mines. It is about twenty
m iles from Salt Lake. The cyanide pro
cess has been introduced there, and by
this means the ore is paying quite well.
It is a gold ore. It is all gold about there.
"Then, .in the Tintic ; district, which
almost joins the Mercur, there are some
very handsome developments. Among
the big mines there is the Centennial
Eureka, which is paying handsome divi
dends. For several months it has been
paying $1 a share a month to the stock
holders. There are 30,000 shares, and
three or four men own all the stock c xcept
a very few shares. The owners are all
men over fifty years old. s They've got
enough and would just as soon retire, so the
mine is' for sale. I understand they ask
$3,000,000 for it.
"The Bullion-Beck mine, in Tintic, is
paying dividends, too. There is a lot of
work being done in and around there.
"The famous Ontario mine, at Park City,
is paying so well that there has been a
great change in tbe price of the stock. Not
long ago it was worth from $7 to $7 50 a
share. Now it is $J3 and $14. The On
tario paid a dividend not long ago. The
Silver King, also at Park City, is paying
dividends, too.
"There is a new railroad being projected
from Salt Lake to the Deep Creek coun
try and south. It is the Utah and Pacific,
and it is the intention to begin work on
the road soon.
"We have had our new State clothes on
for so short a time that we hardly know
yet how they fit. However, we are doing
some work that will be of value. Ihe first
Legislature which met in January closed
its session on April 6, after passing some
needed laws. Utah is all right now. We
feel that we are in good shape to go for
ward in a very prosperous way."
With Mr. Barratt are several friends,
also from the Wasatch Valley, among
them M. N. Walker and M. J. Cheesman
of Salt Lake. They are all here on a
pleasure trip, and will remain probably a
month. __ __
REDISTRICTING SCHOOLS.
Deputy Superintendent Stone Wants to
Promote Harmony Among Principals.
Deputy Superintendent Stone has begun
the arduous task of redistricting the City
for school purposes.
He believes it will promote harmony
among principals and teachers, con
venience of parents and children and gen
erally avoid confusion if the lines that
divide districts be more closely drawn.
To that end he has issued circulars to the
principals asking them to state the boun
daries of their districts as they understand
them to exist.
Wherever the interests of schools seem to
conflict he will call a conference of the
principals and adjust the difference as far
as possible for the welfare of all. He
pointed out to a Call reporter yesterday
that some of the schools, notably the Pa
cific Heights, Pacific Ay nue and South
Cosmopolitan, are far from the center of
their districts. This works a hardship to
some of their patrons.
Mr. Stone . will so , re-establish , the
boundaries, conforming those of the dis
tricts of the primary to the grammar
schools, that the primary shall act as di
rect feeders to the higher-grade schools.
Wants the Insurance.
Alice Knars-ton and Viola Knarston, by her
guardian, the widow and child of John 11.
Knarston, are suing the Connecticut Indem
nity Association for $5000, the amount of a
policy held by Knarsto.i at the lime of his
death. Knarston was killed by a Southern
Pacific local train at : Seventh and Market
streets, Oakland; on December _, 1305.
NEW TO-DAT.
s
B
9
B
B
m
V
■
_f
®
®
ft
_?
- ' £
*" /ft
OUR AUCTION. JR I
STEPS IN THE |
RIGHT DIREC- |
TION. A STAIR- |
WAY THAT LEADS |
TO WEALTH. |
If you have never $
bought real estate g
before begin to-day <•>
and buy one of those fe
lots in the McCreery S
block on McAllister, @
Baker, Lyons sts. «
and Golden Gate S
avenue. w
An unsurpassed lo- Jj
cality for a home. $
Baldwin & ''"'St" 1 °j- 1
port unity to make <R
HAMMOND, money. Be sure to 1
1 I/^lYllTlV^l^LJ, come in time. Sale $
Auctioneers, commences at 12 1
o clock. ®
10 Montgomery Street. "•- < 7-: ■ - y: ■■■■ 77 $
t^M^MM_P«_i__H_M_Mr.j«a__i__vm_HU-^_Ma_ W
Last of the 1
McCreery Blocks. 1
y ft WCvlS^iST^'
At \ x //
Its a winner everytime
Battle Ax Plug in the lead
The largest piece of
I Good tobacco
ever sold for 10 cents
1 ' - j —
Baja California fl I ] W st ll all Jf a _| I__Y I*l
vy. ">-■■ 2 fl C_a GIB I S f** S*a Sfl R"?**! 9 B "fl
I 1 BCIIICI OlLlvi gjJHAVF Yn j ™<»™ TDx^ATT^i^y^amn- 9
Is a powerful aphrodisiac and sneclflc lonto for t_s i_a_f?s 'r xi vn,,^ ol^.?^ I ,^ o^? I ?.^^' 3.
sexual and urinary organs of both sexes, and a J^^St?^.V •*m*m B ' M , rtt COO M_.
preat remedy for diseases of the kidneys and blad- iS" , E »,V ; - Masonic Temple,
der. A _ real Restorative, lnvlgoratoraad Nerv! as. I ffl,^ lc^°_~ l^',/ or .F. _* of cures. , Ctt ?y__
Sells on its own Merits-no lonj-wlnded testl- i t !t ,, -^ s o,<>o ?«^ Vor * t c s* cs cured to lfi ■
monials necessary. • »_!_£_ d ? *' I °°-P a ca book free. ■
MAlS_.lt. .4.1.FS & BKI'NK, Agent*, <^_S_f^H
333 Market St., S. i~eud for Circular.) | ■ JMyWJl_illß__BH_Mi__l_^
1 . - ' - -!
"DON'T PUT OFF TILL MORROW THE
DUTIES OF TO-DAY." BUY A CAKE OF
SAPOLIO
910
ALL FAVOR THE
THREE-CENT FARE
Railroad Commissioners
Are in Favor of a
Lower Rate.
STATE REPORTS WANTED
Getting the Question Before the
Supreme Court for a
Decision.
POINT LOBOS MASS - MEETING.
The Improvement C übs Are Strongly
Unanimous f>r the Two and a
Half C?nt Rate.
The action of the Railroad Commission
at the meeting of Tuesday afternoon in
adopting a resolution calling upon all the
street railroad companies of the State to
Chairman George U. Fletcher Calling the Richmond District .Mass- Meeting to Order.
[Sketched by a "Call" artist.]
make reports regarding their respective
business, does not quite meet the desires
of the Ashbury Heights Improvement
Club. They are the fathers of the now
general movement in favor of the street
car-fare reduction to " cents and for that
purpose called upon the Railroad Com
mission to consider the matter. Attorney
Andrew J. Clunie of the club, in present
ing the petition of his clients, cited the
attention of the Commissioners to the fact,
that the constitution of the State empow
ered them to regulate the freights and
fares of all transportation companies, not
withstanding a subsequent, Legislature at
tempted to limit the scope of their consti
tutional authority by excepting street
railroads from their jurisdiction.
Mr. Clunie, in his argument, requested
the Railroad Commission to proceed di
rectly through a few preliminaries to the
reduction of streetcar fares from 5 to 3
cents. The refusal of the Market-street
Railway Company to obey the order of
the Commission would take the question
to the Supreme Court, where the constitu
tionality of said order would be tested.
Railroad Commissioner La Rue was of
tbe opinion that the constitution of 1879
gave them authority over all transporta
tion companies, whether in city or coun
try, notwithstanding the fact that the
Legislature of 1880 excepted street rail
roads in its attempt to define the powers
of the constitutional enactment. He was
also of the opinion that the best and
quickest method should be adopted to
bring the matter before the Supreme
Court. *i :
"If that body decides eventually that
the law of 1880 is unconstitutional," said
Mr. La Rue, "then we will bave the right
to regulate the tares of street railroads
and I will favor an immediate investiga
tion of their reasonableness to determine
whether 'in justice to the public they
should be reduced. While i believe a
streetcar corporation should receive a fair
interest on its investment, I can also
readily understand that the public has a
right to demand from it reasonable trans
portation charges."
The discussion ended by the adoption of
a resolution offered by Commissioner
Stanton calling upon all the street rail
roads in the State to submit reports to the
commission by the .'slst of next month.
The Commissioner stated that the pur
pose of the resolution was to gain correct
information regarding the reasonableness
of fares, and also should any company re
fuse to make such report the commission
can test its authority in the courts. A
resolution was also adopted asking the
Attorney-General for an opinion on the
authority of the commission in the matter,
to be given not later than May 31.
"While I believe that the commission
really desires to deal justly in this matter,"
said Mr. Clunie yesterday, "I think the
better way would have been to go directly
ahead taking testimony ir view of reduc
ing the fares. _ Or course, the Southern
Pacific-Market-street Company or what
ever it may be called- -would have refused
to come down from the nickel, and by
mandamus the whole thing would go be
fore the Supreme Court. That body would
have decided, and the Federal courts
would have been bound by that decision.
"Now the Market-street Railway Com
pany, which, as everybody knows, will
deny the right of the Railroad Commission
to make any inquiries into their books,
accounts or business. They will simply
pay no attention to the order and the case
will go into the court— not the Supreme
Court. There it may stay for years, and
where is the immediate relief that th-
Ashbury people pray for? We want this
matter settled just as soon as possible and
tbat can only be done by a direct appeal
to the Supreme Court, by the Commis
sion going ahead under the presumption
that it has the right to regulate streetcar
fares. Then let the Market-street Railway
Company enjoin the commission from
carrying out its order to reduce the fares.
"We don't care whether the streetcars
of Santa Rosa. Marysvilie or San Bernar
dino can stand a reduction, because that
does not go to the meat of the matter;
neither do we want to learn whether the
Market-street Company will send in its re
port or not, because we know itavill not.
We simply want to hear the Supreme Court
tell us whether the Railroad Commission
can regulate streetcar fares or not. Then
we will learn all about the business of the
Santa Rosa, Marysvilie and San Bernar
dino streetcars, if we care to do so. How
ever, we are not settling the fares of any
of the transportation companies except
the Market-street.
"This going to the Attorney-General for
advice and to the street-car companies for
reports appears to be giving ti.e Market
street Railway the benefit. of the doubt.
For heaven's sake, give the people the
benefit of a doubt sometime! J_et us con
clude just this once that the people deserve
some rights, and act on »that assumption.
The Market-street Railway Company is
more merciless in its methods than its
sister-cuttlefish, the Southern Pacific. It
has gobbled up whole streets, paying not
one cent for trie privilege. It has snatched
all the entrances to Golden Gate Park, and
if a resident of San Francisco wishes a
little fresh air in that great recreation
ground he must pay tribute first to that
tyrannous corporation. It has grabbed all
the competing lines, except the Sutro,
Sutter and Presidio, and practically owns
all the passenger transportation business
of the City. Should it gobble up the Sut
ter where would Sutro be?
"Now suppose the fare was cut to 3 or
2J_ cents, you would see three , persons
riding where only one does at present.
Suppose tne railroad company sold tickets
ten for 25 cents wouldn't everybody be
riding in the cars? Let the company
knock out the transfers if the public can
get two rides for the nickel or for the 6
cents.
"Since the action of the commission last
Tuesday the Ashbury Heights people are
more determined than ever that the obli
gations due from the railroad company to
the public shall be kept. They realize
that the Market-street Company is simply
a branch of the Southern Pacific* Company,
and that the two have everything in com
mon. The Railroad Commission seems to
be in doubt on the street-railroad question.
"There are other interests owned and
I operated by the Southern Pacific Company
! over which the Comissioners have abso
j lute jurisdiction. One of these is the
 regulation of charges in the Pullman cars
j and the Wells, Fargo & Co.'s express. We
! intend to bring these matters to the atten
| tion of the commission. They are cer
i tainly all transportation companies and
1 tne Railroad Commission has never taken
; them in hand. Moreover the action of
i the commission against rates of the
j Southern Pacific Company has never
I really gone into effect. The only order
j ever passed was the 8 per cent reduction
j in grain rates. ..■•.__■-'•• 7'--7> ''•■•
"We do not intend to stop in this matter
until the Market-street Railway Company
complies with the conditions of the fran
chises granted it to run cars over all
portions of the routes of such franchises
and remove the unpleasant surroundings
of its tranfer system."
RICHMOND AROUSED-
Fire and Police Protection Wanted.
A Federation of the Clubs.
A mass-meeting under the auspices of
the Point Lobos Improvement Club was
held in Richmond district last evening,
for the purpose of advocating cheaper and
better streetcar service and more fire pro
tection. The meeting was called to order
by Chairman George R. Fletcher, who
stated the object of the gathering.
"In the matter of car fares," he said,
"the club will advocate the 2»_ cents reduc
tion, and as Richmond is never backward,
where there is any work in improvement
to be done, the Point Lobos Club will be
found going ahead.
"The question is, Can we better afford to
pay 2y cents for two rides and take our
time or the 5 cents and be limited as to
when and where we take the rides? Now,
in regard to the fare and the two trans
lers there are comparatively few who use
so many transfers. In fact there are not
more than 20 percent of the patrons of the
streetcars who use transfers at all. Many
object to the 3-cent proposition, as that
would bring copper coins into circulation,
and we haven't got down to the single
cent basis yet. ■ ._' -£
"The transfers sooner or later will dis
appear anyhow, as the railroad companies
are not obliged to give them, and those
corporations are not in the habit of giving
things away to any great extent. Some of
them have been stopped already. 7 I heard
a car employe say that the Market-street
Company was • in favor of a reduction.
Then, I say, in heaven's name give us the
redaction, for that is what we are yearning
for. ' - ; ' : «yVyVy;.-:v7-7-7
"I have.heard that the wages of the car
employes will go down with the fares.
How the corporations love to appeal to
the workingmen when they are driven
into a corner. There will be no such cut
in wages, as there is an old law which says
they cannot be put lower than 21 cents a
trip, I believe. There will be more pas
sengers to carry at 2'_ cents a fare, and
more cars to accommodate them."
_ S. X. Darbee, president ofthe Richmond
District Improvement Association, said
that the club was in favor of 2}_ cents, but
not 3 cents. \ * ~
Dr. Rottanzi of the South Side Improve
ment Club stated , that his locality would
get all it asked for in the way of improve
ment, because the residents fought for it.
"I think it about time," said he, "that
the taxpayers, and not the i taxeaters
should rule this City." *
J. H. Dever of the Presidio Heights Im
provement Club advocated the iy, cents
reduction. - ; ,y
Secretary Maloney of the Richmond
District Improvement Club made a motion
that all the clubs of the City send five
delegates each to meet the officers of the
Point Lobos Club to take steps to form a
federation of clubs. It was adopted, and
the first Wednesday evening in May was
chosen for the meeting.
Alaloney also offered the following reso
lution:
li hkreas, During the disastrous fire of Sunday
evening, April 12, in this district two homes
were laid in asnes and made desolate on account
of the poor fire facilities and worse mode of giv
ing fire alarms, and, whereas, the shocking
death oi an innocent babe and the maiming
and subsequent death oi an aged lady was
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, APRIL. 16, 1596.
principally due to the fact that there is no po
lice oflicer on duty, at night in that portion of
the I district .to give >an alarm, and
that the keys to the fire-alarm boxes' are
hard to obtain, as at that time causing
a delay of nearly half an hour bciore an alarm
was given or before assistance arrived, be it
Resolved, That we petition the Board of Su
pervisors to provide an engine for the outer
portion of the district and also for more fire
alarm boxes, and that keys be furnished to
three or four property-owners living near each
box; and also that a mounted police oflicer be
detailed for night duty in the district west of
Twelfth avenue.
Resolved, That we extend to the bereaved pa
rents of the innocent victim of that unfortu
nate occurrence our earnest sympathy, and
that we also appeal to all Richmond residents
to aid and assist us in making our homes and
families secure by day or night, and make im
possible in this district the repetition of the
unfortunate affairs of April 12.
Resolved, That we believe that the Board of
Supervisors.Fire and Police Commissioners will
grant our request when our needs are stated;
be it
Resolved, That a copy cf these resolutions he
forwarded to each body.
Quite an animated discussion took place
over the lire facilities of the district and
the difficulties of setting engines over the
badly paved streets, especially during night
alarms. '-:--"/•; &;'.£;
J. H. Dover, who is foreman of Engine
2G, said that it was dangerous to drive at a
rapid rate through unlimited and unim
proved streets. It was the sense of the
meeting that the district must have more
alarm-boxes and a general improvement
of the fire system throughout the locality.
Months ago the Fire Commissioners had
been asked for such simple things as more
boxes and keys and no heed had been paid
to their request. They also wanted better
police protection, but so far had not been
able to obtain it. y >'
After all the questions had been dis
cussed at length the meeting adjourned.
PLAYED PRIZE EUCHRE
Delightful Card-Party Given by
Mrs. Wells on Tuesday
Evening.
Mr. and Mrs. Asa R. Wells entertai ned
their friends at a charming card party at
their residence, 2118 Pacific avenue, on
Tuesday evening. All the rooms on the
ground floor were placed at the disposal of
the guests and elaborately decorated with
choice roses.
The players were ranged at seven tables
and a closely contested game ensued.
Dainty prizes were awarded the victors,
Mesdames F. L. Whitney and James Stew
art and Dr. D'Anconaand Dr. Jones. After
the game there was an elaborate supper
and music and speechraaking.
Mr. and Mrs. Leon Sloss gave a theater
party to sixty of their young friends, fol
lowed by an elaborate sapper at their resi
dence on Van Ness avenue.
The party attended the Baldwin The
ater, and after enjoying Mansfield in his
incomparable rendition of "Beau Brum
mell,' ' repaired for supper to the Sloss resi
dence.
Here elaborate preparations were made
for the reception of the guests, the draw
ing-room, corridor, dining-hall and supper
table being handsomely decorated with
choice flowers.
Mrs. Dunn and the Misses Dunn will
give a tea this afternoon at their home on
Hyde street. The hoars are from 4 to 6.
One hundred and fifty invitations have been
issued for the occasion. Mrs. Dunn nnd the
Misses Dunn leave on the Ist of May for a
European visit.
Mrs. A. X. Drown has issued cards for a re
ception on Saturday afternoon at tier re.-i
--dence, 2550 Jackson street.
the nuptials of Miss Masten, daughter of X.
K. Masten, and Mr. Ewell will be celebrated
this evening at the residence of the brtde's
father on Clay street.
James V. Coleman has taken the Gregory
cottage at Sausalito for the summer.
Mr. and Mrs. W. D. O'Kane left on Tuesday
for a trip to Southern California.
Mr. and Mrs. A. 11. Vail have come over from
Alameda and have taken the residence, 2718
Webster street.
The Misses Goad have returned from their
trip to Paso Rubles.
This evening at Native Sons' Hall the South
End Rowing Club of this City will hold their
first reception and entertainment in three
years.
An elaborate programme has been arranged
and the proceeds of the affair will be used to
successfully carry off their regatta at t.\
Campo on May 30.
Following is the programme, which repre
sents the very best talent in the City:
Olympic Club Minstrels— William J. O'Brien,
tenor ; Jack Cathcart , comic solos ; accompanied
by J. Cooney; W. W. Fiune, barytone solos,
and William J. Wallick in specialties.
George Hammersmith, skirt dance; Miss
Annie Rooney, soprano; Miss Tighe, pianist
and Miss Georgiana accompan ist.
F Company, Hawaiian sextet, In native songs
and dances of Sandwich islands; the Poly
technic Mandolin and Guitar Club in selec
t.ons, and a sketch by Frisco's favorites Gil
bert and Goldie.
The event of the evening will be the three
round boxing match between Robert Mac-
Arthur and George Green (Young Corbett), who
is matched to tight Owen Ziegler at Mechan
ics' Pavilion May 1.
A burlesque boxing match will also be given
by members of the Acme Club of Oakland, and
dancing will conclude the entertainment.
On Friday evening, the 10th of April, Miss
Birdie Samuel was the recipient of a very
pleasant birthday party, given her by her
parents at their residence, 313 Golden" Gate
avenue. The parlors were decorated in roses
and ferns. The evening was passed in games,
songs and recitations. Dancing was kept up
until midnight, when the guests repaired to
the dining-room, where a repast was served.
Among those present were: Mr. and Mrs.
L. Meyer, the Misses Gladys Mever, Adele
Levy, Kay Wilson, Hattie Joseph, Carrie Mor
ris, Gertie Berliner, Annie Harris, Emma and
Bertha Mendelsohn, Carrie Levy. Carrie Meyer
Juliet Son, Belle Jacobs, Mattie Jacobson, Eva
Friedman, Ella Mosher, Lena Edwards, Kittie
Aaron, Jennie Cook, Bessie Levy, Marie Levy,
Rose and Nettie Morris, Fannie Cohn, Hattie
Brownstone, Clara Plout, Sophie Leipsic, Selina
and Sophie Newman, Etta Sandman, Holdall
and Beckie Green, Jennie and Carrie Cohn,
Belle Gensler, Messrs. Joe Weiss, Jake Levy,
Emil Colin, Martin and Jake Meyer, Jesse
Piatt, Rudolph Altschul, Clarence Badt, Mike
Spin., Wilbert Wolff, Robert Nordinan, Leon
Gans, Abe Whitehead, Ben and Leon Joseph,
Abe Jackson, Louis Bernstein, Sam and Henry
Goldstone. Melville Lehman, Jake Cohn, Ben
Jacobs, Herman Sternberg, Harry Aaron,
Ralph Davis, Leon Moms, Leon Blaifkenstein,
Seymour Goldsmith, Joe Berliner, Louis Men
delsohn, Harry Breitstein, Max Moses, Al
fred Schmulian, George- Appel, Sol aud Alfred
Behm, Sol Fisher, Louis Meyer, Sam Goldberg.
Arthur Josselyn and others.
A reception to the members of Aqua Pura
Social Club was tendered by the president last
Saturday evening at 619 Powell street. The
rooms were tastefully decorated for the occa
sion, it being the club's first anniversary. The
talent of the club manifested itself in the fore
part of the evening in the nature of solos, re
citations and musical selections, after which
followed social games and dancing, till
the early morning hours. At midnight the
guests repaired lo the dining parlors, where a
liberal collation was served.
Those present were: Miss Sadie Burke, Miss
Julia Ben field. Miss Bertie Wallace, Miss Hat
tie Krieger, Miss Nellie Krieger, Miss Isabel
Lewis. Mrs. Florence Fawcett, Miss Agnes
Aitchison, Miss: May Dupiissea, Miss- Dolores
Davis, and C. F. Grout, Harry Simard, George
Bolim, Gerard J. Wils, Jesse L. Fawcett, Harry
M. Burke, William Hart, O. Walter Spalding,
James S. Lockie and Albert E. Ogg.
A surprise,party was tendered last Wednes
day evening to Mr. and Mrs. T. W. Armstrong
at their residence, 12 Liberty street, in honor
of the twenty-fourth anniversary of their wed
ding-day. Among the guests present were the
following: Mr. and Mrs. C. A. Harris, Mr. and
Mrs. N. Scheeline, Mr. and Mrs. Henry Coles,
Mr. and Mrs. C. A. Worth, Mr. and Mrs. T. W.
Armstrong, Miss Mary Chabot, Mrs. R.G. Cox,
Mrs. Hattie B. Steele, Miss Georgia Cousins,
Miss Edith Cousins, Miss May W. Armstrong,
Miss Emma B. Armstrong,. Ernest R. Swan,
Robert T. Swan. Master Percy K. Armstrong
and Master Tom Sidney Armstrong. Supper
was served at 11 o'clock, and alter a delightful
evening the party broke up in the early hours
of the morning. .
A very brilliant Easter party among the
Swedes in this City was the one given Satur
day evening, April 4, by Mr. and Mrs. John
Sanderson, 347 Alvarado street. Music, songs
and dancing were the principal enjoyments
during the evening. Arthur Thomas en
tertained the | guests by telling funny stories.
A very fine supper "a la Suede" was served
late in the. evening. Among those present
were: Mr. and Mrs. John Person, Mr. and Mrs.
Charles Engstrom, Mr. and Mrs. Nordstrom,
Mr. and Mrs. Lambert Gisslow, Mr. and Mrs.
George Moran, Mr. and Mrs. Joachimsen, Ar
thur Thomas, Messrs. Sllvey, Sanderson, Gren
leap, Strom and Ahlberg.
Piles, burns and many similar miseries
quickly relieved by Mitchell's Magic Lotion. *
ALL FINE CHORUS SINGERS
The Mormon Tabernacle Choir
Gives an Excellent
Concert.
'■ ; yy'y /%>
FIRST TIME IN THIS CITY.
In Technique and B .lance the Body
of Sweet S'ngers Created a
Favorable Impression.
, An artistic success was scored by the
Mormon Tabernacle cho'r in Metropoli
tan Temple last night. The public
heartily applauded the visitors from Utah
and in several instances induced them to
break through their commendable reserve
in the matter ot encores.
The organization brings a number of
soloists, but its real strength lies in the
choir itself. The large body of singers
shows the effects of long and regular
choral practice, which is an absolute requi
site to success in choral singing. The
parts are evenly balanced and the voices
pleasant in timbre, with a good round
volume of tone in the forte passages.
The shading was very satisfactory,
though the listeners would not have had
to strain their ears even if the piano pas
sages had been a little softer.
As for the attack, it was excellent, par
ticularly in the- opera work. In the Mor
mon hymns there was a slight tendency to
slur, but this was evidently done ad
visedly, in order to enhance the ecclesias
tical character of the music. The final
chorus in the "Traviata." which was the
gem of the whole concert, was sung with
splendid attack, as well as with crispness
and dramatic expression, while the volume
of sound was full, penetrating and sweet.
In this number Miss Lizzie Thomas Ed
ward did excellent solo work. y
Judging from last night the Mormon
choir possesses remarkable versatility for
FLINTS NEW AIAII.CAR.
it performs opera, oratorio and Mormon
hymns. The last named may be very in
teresting in the Tabernacle, but they
seemed dreary and dirge-like in the ears of
gentiles as concert music. The way in
which hymns were rendered showed people
that the choir must be capable of doing ex
cellent oratorio work and one was tempted
to wonder why the singers had not come
afield prepared to give oratorios in their
entirety, when their remarkably good ren
dering of the "Traviata" chorus revealed
them in a new and unexpected light, lor
there is a very wide step from the solemn
strains of a Mormon hymn to the tuneful
sparkling music of "La Traviata."
It had been intended to end the pro
gramme with the "Hallelujah" chorus,
but the organ at Metropolitan Temple was
found to be so out of repair that the con
ductor, Evan Stephens, very wisely de
cided to dispense with its services." The
great chorus from "The Messiah" was
therefore abandoned, and the "Traviata"
chorus substituted in its place. The ac
companiment of a piano instead of the or
gan must have been a drawback to the
choir, but it is stated that by to-night the
organ will have been repaired. • .
Several of the Mormon hymns were
written by E. Stephens, the conductor of
the choir. The "Mother's Lullaby," which
the ladies' chorus sang, was by the same
composer, and the ladies kept well to
gether in the number and sang sweetly,
but they were unaccompanied and there
was a tendency to flatten. A male chorus
sang La Moth's "Breezes of the Night"
well. ;.;
Nellie Bruce Pugsley, the soprano who ;
did most work, is possessed of an exani- i
sitely sweet and flexible liquid soprano j
voice, though her selections were, not cal
culated to show off its best qualities. The
miserere scene from "II Trovatore," for
instance, demands dramatic soprano, and
though Miss Pugsley sang the music with
remarkable sweetness, something m the
style of the waltz from "Mirella," or an
aria for light soprano by Rossini or Bel
lini would have displayed her unusual vo
cal powers to better advantage.
The tenor, George D. Pvper, was very
satisfactory in the "Trovaiore." R. C.
Easton. another tenor, sang. "Annie
Laurie" with rather an overdose of ex- j
pression; he was heard to much better ad
vantage in the quartet from "Rigoletto,"
the other artists in the number being
Miss. Edward, Miss Allison and H. S. En- >
sign, all of whom sang well. Willard E.
Weihe is a satisfactory violinist, though '
he was scarcely able to compete with the
technical difficulties of Ernst's "Airs Hon
grois." As an encore he played a "Ber
ceuse" by Sauret.
To-night's concert promises to be un
usually interesting on account of the pre
ponderance of operatic music. The pro
gramme is as follows:
' THURSDAY, APRIL 16.
Soldiers' chorus (Faust) Gounod
Choir. ;
Trio, "At til la" Verdi
Miss Mabel Cooper, Thomas 8. Ash worth,
H. *. Ensign.
Prisoners' chorus, "The Glorious Songs of
. Freedom" (Blodwen) Parry
(This was one of the contest numbers at
the Suit Lake Eisteddfod, which was at
tended by 30,000 people. The first prize of
• $500 was awarded this choir.)
■ Choir. •
Recitation ......Selected
Miss Stand May Babcock.
Organ solo with chorus, wedding music (Lohen
-8") Wagner
Jos. J. Davnes and choir.
Tenor solo, "Spirit So Fair" Donizetti '.
George D. Pyper. ...
Sextet and chorus, "Lucia" Donizetti '.
Nellie Price Pugsley, Bessie Dean Allison,
It. C. Hasten, H. s. Ensign, J. D. Spencer,
■ T . S. Ashworth and choir.
Violin sole* "Fantasia Appassionata"..Vleuxtemps
Willard K. Weihe.
Polonaise and chorus, "Noble Chief" (Life to
the Czar) ..; Glinka
.1. .1. Paynes (organ) and choir. s
Contralto solo, "The Prophet" Meyerbeer
Bessie Lean Allison.
Male chorus, "The sound of War" (Blodwen)..
•••• — :...... Parry
Gentlemen of the choir.
Soprano solo, "Ernani".. Verdi
Lizzie Thomas Edward.
"Hallelujah Chorus" ....Handel
Contraltos — Misses Edna Dwyer, Mabel
Cooper, Ida Pratt, Henna Tyler and EvaMus
ser. .. •''.•■',■
Tenors— Messrs. Easton, Pvper, Ashworth and
S. Winters; Mr. Ensign, barytone.
Bassos— Messrs. Spencer, Peterson and Chris
topherson, with full choir. ■ .-;;<
CHOSEN IRIENDS' OFFICERS.
M. IJoclim of Sau .Francisco Elected
Grand Councilor.
At the meeting of the Grand Lodge of
Chosen Friends yesterday the only busi
ness of importance transacted was' the
election of the following officers: Grand
councilor, -M. Boehm, San Francisco;
grand assistant councilor, C. W. H. Pratt,
Virginia City, Nev.; grand vice-councilor,
E. R. Tiel, Sacramento; grand recorder,
S.C. Wallace, San Francisco; grand treas
urer, Miss Clara McDonald, San Francisco;
grand marshal, C. J. Sweenev.^San Fran
cisco; grand: prelate, Miss Kate Brome,
San Francisco, and* the following Supreme
representatives: T. H. Selvage, Eureka:
W. H. Savage, San Pedro; H. B. M. Mil
ler, Alameda, and these from San Fran
cisco, H. W. Hutton, E. I. Wolfe, Thomas
O'Brien,- A. B. Sanborn.
At to-day's session the following officers
will be ' elected: Grand warden, grand
guard, grand sentinel and trustee. The
per capita tax matter will also come up for
final action.
There was a reception to the grand
lodge officers and delegates tendered by
the local councils last night at the Native
Sons' Half, which was largely attended.
A literary and musical programme made
things enjoyable during the early part of
the evening and a social, dance whiled
away the later hours.
FLINT'S NEW MAILCARS
Railway Postal Clerks to Be
Housed in Pullman-Like
Coaches.
Designed by the Division Superintend
ent and H s Assistant— Ready
for Service.
One of the finest mailcars in the United
States left Oakland pier last evening and
is speeding toward Ogden over the Central
Pacific.
It is a pity that so handsome a niece of
rolling stock should have only the numer
ical title 40*38 inscribed on its side. It would
seem that the beauty and luxury merited
a more poetic title. However Uncle Sam's
mail service officials lay no claim to poetic
fancy, no matter how many effusions of
that nature are handled under their direc
tion daily, so 400'S was the gilded inscrip
tion on the gloss y side -of the car that is
making its first trip.
It arrived with rive duplicates from Day
ton Ohio, three days ago and stood in the
yards until yesterday.
The new cars were designed chiefly by
Samuel Flint, superintendent of the Paci-
fie Coast division of the mail service, and
H. Lewis, the assistant superintendent.
While the United States Postoflice Depart
ment prescribes the plan of the frame
work of its cars, it leaves to the division
superintendent and his aides the designs
of the interior ana the adaptation of the
structure and size to the needs of the road.
The specimen ofthe half dozen addi
tions to the train service, which is on
the road to-day, is G8 feet in length from
platform to platform, and 9 feet in width.
It is 04 feet 4 inches in length from the
front to the rear vestibule and its weight
85,300 pounds. It has the same running
gear used in Pullmans and has the same
metallic framework, backed by rubber
about the doors. It is twice as heavy as
the mail cars formerly used on this line
and offer, the same resistance as a Pull
man.
The advantage of this as a precaution
against loss of life in a disaster is obvious,
since the mallear is always next the en
gine and receives the brunt" of the force in
a collision.
The new cars are lighted by means of
three Pintsch gaslight tanks, each having
a capacity of 57 cubic feet. The ten lights
thus furnished make it possible to de
cipher the faintest lines in a slovenly
superscription. The wood employed in
the interior furnisbings of the car is cherry
and the effect is neat and pleasing.
From the heavy floor of seasoned oak,
with iron above" and below, to the appli
ances for cooking the hasty meal of the
clerks, the car is complete in its provisions
for safety ana facility, and is simply de
signed to carry its share of the 30,000
pounds of mail that crosses the desert
every day. yy
The letter-boxes have wire bottoms,
hus enabling' the distributor to see at a
glance whether in the long rows of boxes
one letter may remain. Further facility
is obtained by larger boxes for the accom
modation of the larger envelopes, and
boxes ranged along the floor for the re
ception of packages of letters.
No feature of the new car is more ac
ceptable to the employes than Dewitt's
cinder-guard, which is attached to the
opening through which the mail is
thrown, and affords complete protection
for the eyes of the clerk.
Hall's lock safe occupies a convenient
nook, and is a safe receptacle for registered
goods, yiy
The clerk in charge who took the car out
NEW TO-DAT.
A Canadian Tells the Story of
His Rescue.
Forty-Five Years of Nerve-De-
stroying Bondage— His Declining:
Years Can Now Be Passed in
Happiness and Comfort.
WINNIPEG. Manitoba, April 15.— A life-
time's slavery at the end of this century is al-
most beyond belief and yet it is true. In
Poyntz & Co.'s drugstore on Williams street
yesterday was discussed the remarkable de-
liverance of George Gaffield, a prominent
farmer and one of the oldest settlers of .-i.
Charles District, when he himself entered the
store. His step was firm and elastic, his eye
i bright, his bearing that of manly vigor, so that
the reporter hesitated to ask if he had just
been released trom a terrible bondage, but Mr.
Gaffleid was only too pleased to tell his story
for the good of humanity: "Yes, lam glad to
talk of it, because it may lead those who are
tobacco-spitting and smoking their lives away
to find a cure in N'o-To-Bac. 1 was a heavy
user of tobacco for over forty-five years, an in-
veterate smoker and chewer, using a frightful
amount ol tobacco and spending so much
money that it was ruinous to me financially.
Not only this, but the habit was disgusting to
all I came in contact with. Did I try to stop?
1 should say so: dozens of times, but I had be-
come such a slave to the weed that I couldn't
Jive without It. A year ago Povntz recom-
mended No-To-Bac to me and my wife urged
me to try it and so I bought a box. Prom the
day I took a No-To-Bac tablet I have not tasted
tobacco. I used three boxes of No-To-Bac and
was not only cured of the tobacco habit, but re-
gained my healtn and strength and was bene-
fited in more ways than one. The truth is that
No-To-Bac made a new man of me." Druggist
Povntz, who had listened to this wonderful
story, said: The Sterling Remedy Company
of Chicago, New YorK and Montreal are so fair
and square that it's a pleasure to do business
with them. They authorize every druggest to
sell No-To-Bac : under the absolute guarantee
that if three boxes fail to cure any case of the
tocacco habit the money. will be refunded, and
tbeyrefunait too." Get the booklet "Don't
Tobacco-Spit and Smoke Your Life Away."
tree sample and written guarantee mailed for
the asking.
is William C. Dubois, one of the oldest
and most reliable employes on the divis
ion. He has seen twenty-five consecutive
years of service on the coast.
A number of postoffice officials made an
inspection of the during the afternoon.
A tittle Literary Story,
It may be true, and it may not, says
the New York faun, but the story goes
that when , Mrs. .Frances Hodgson Bur
nett's "Through One Administration"
was meandering its way through the
Century Magazine, she one day appeared
in the editor' 3 office with her last in
stallment of copy. "Look here, Mrs.
Burnett," said the editor, "you haven't
ended this thing happily, I* hope. Be
cause, if you have, it s absolutely fatal,
you know. The only thing you can do
with such a set of characters is to kill 'em
all off. every one of 'em, right and left."
"But," said Mrs. Burnett, "that's iust
what I've done. I've ended it happily."
"Then you'll have to write it over," said
the editor, "and kill .'em all oft. I tell
you, it's the only way to make such a book
popular." So poor Mrs. Burnett had to go
to work and write her last chapters all
over again, so that the characters would
be "killed off," and the book become
popular.
I'v.xg^'-i Pony Colonel.
Bragg used to call Joseph Wheeler his
"'Pony Colonel." Referring to the battle
of Shiloh Colonel George C. Garner,
Bragg's adjutant-general, said: "When
Prentiss and Wallace's division were
pressing upon and driving back Crialmer's
brigade, Bragg, Hardee and Beauregard
were on an elevation and saw the advance
of the Federal line. They thought it -was
a desperate attempt of tne Federal army
to pierce our center and when tney saw
Chalmers yielding to this large force were
necessarily much alarmed, but when they
saw Wheeler meet and cdeck the advance
their anxiety was turned to joy and Gen
eral Bragg was so pleased mat he raised
up and down in his stirrups, saying, 'It is
my pony Colonel, it is my pony Colonel.'" !
NEW TO-DAY.
(>o<KXK><KK><><K>OO<><KXK><HH>CM>o<;
l Don't Miss It! I
X "The cleverest thing tinder the sun in the, c
A story-telling line." —Pittsburg Pott. £
I THE BLACK GAT j
| FOR MAY. I
§ |- HOST CLEVER !
| *\ MOST ORIGINAL !
I U MOST INTERESTiNO ! ' j
| STORIES i
9 Ever Published by any Magazine. J
9 For Fame, Money orLove? By R. <,
9 > (iTToi.KNiiri. Startling- Story of Mys- <j
O•• tery. : *jf. ' <J
0 ANo Account Niggah! By Leonard c
0 M. PniNCK, V. S. a. Touching tale of <*
6 an Indian fighter. ?
$ A Hundred Thousand Dollar _
rt Trance! By Euoexe s-hade _Uhj__u_ £
X Thrilling hypnotic experience. l
5 The Misfit Gown ! By Elitek Cook 1
1 Bice. Pun in a modern woman's club. 5
9 The Shifting Sand ! By C C. Van £
9 <>rsdai,i_ All about the man who dug C
9 his own grave. C
O Complete! Clever! Captivating! 2
$ AU for § Cents. °
6 *& y
9 The Black Cat is sold by Newsdealer;. $
X If you haven't a dealer send us stamps 9
9 forthe . O
9 "Most fascinating five rents' worth on earth" O
O Address: The shortstory Publishing O
O Company, Boston, Mass. rt
60<X>0<>00<KKKK><KKK>0<KKXX><>0<5
FOR
a Fine Tailoring
jj? Perfect Fit, Best of Workmanship at
/<mv Moderate Prices, go to
SHOE Tailoring
Perfect Fit, Best of Workmanship at
Moderate Prices, go to
JOE POHEiI
Jajfflm THB TAILOR.
illi PANTS mi to order from $4.00
if 11 SUITS made to order from $15.00
If Pi MY $17.50 and $36 SUITS
r^l\f WSJ ARC THE BCST IN THE STATE.
201 and 203 Montgomery St., cor. Bus'
724 Market St. 1110 £ 1112 Market St.
BAN FRANCISCO.
RAILROAD TRAVEL:
FRANCISCO & NORTH PA-
CIFIC RAILWAY CO.
Tibnron Ferry— Foot of Market St.
San Francisco to San Rafael.
WEEK DAYS— 7:3O, 9:00, 11:00 a.m.; 12:39.
3:30, 5:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips ac 1:50
and 11:30 p.m.
SUNDAYS— 7:3O. 9:30, 11:00 a.m.; 1:30, 3:30,
. 6:00, 6:20 p.m. .
San Kafael to San Francisco.
WEEK DAYS-6:15, 7:50, 9:10, 11:10 a. m-
-12:45, 3:40, 5:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trip's
at 1 :55 p. m. and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 7:3S, 9:jt, 11:10 A. v.; 1:40. 3:40,
6:00,6:25 P.M. y: .•
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park same
schedule as above.
1 Leave . In „--„. Arrive
San Francisco. a pril 2. Ban Francisco.
_u_?l __?£ l^to__kn_ 1111111
_>AYB. I DAYS. I n.\\B. I) A VS.
7:30 am 7:30 am ! Novato, 10:40 ami 8:4) am
3:3opm 9:3oam Petaluma, 0:05 pm 10:10 am
6:10 pm 5:00 pm. Santa Rosa. 7:30 pm 0:15 pm
Fulton]
7:30 am . Windsor, 10:10 am
Heald.sbur'r,
I Geyserville,
3:30 pm 7:30 am Cloverdale. 7:30 pm; 6:15 pm
Pieta, j j
Hopland &
7:30 am 7:30 am Ukiah. | 7:80 pm 6:15 pm
7:3oam L 10:10 am
7:30 am GuerneviUe. 7:30 pm
3:30 pmj [__ 6:15 pm
7:30 am|7:3o am Sonoma 10:40 am! 8:40 am
6:10 5:00 pm and I 6:06 pm 6:15 pm
I I Glen Ellen. [ ■;
7:30 am 7:30 am: _„,.„ . , ! I"o'4oam 10-10 am
B:3opm|s:oopml Sebastopol. jjegS^jjeai^
Stages connect at Cloverdale for the Geysers.
Stages connect at Pieta for Highland Springs,
Kelseyville. Lakeport.
I Stages connect at Ukiah for Vichy Springs. Biae
I Lakes, Laurel Dell. Upper Lake, Booneville, Green-
wood, Mendocino City. Fort Braw, Usal, Westport,
Cahto, Willetts, Calpella. Porno, Potter Valley, John
Day's, Lively's, Gravelly Valley. Harris, Scotia
and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at reduced
rates.
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all points 09.
yond San Kafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices. 650 Market at., Chronicle liullclins.
H.C. WHITING. . p.. X. RYAN.
I Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Ageofc
t > NET TO-PAY.
iITUNYOM'S
I KIDNEY
; CU3FIE3.
• rj
:> ; Munyon's Kidney Cure cures pains in the
_ back, loins or groins from kidney disease,
. puffy and llabby face, dropsy of the feet
I | and limbs, frequent desire to pass water,
-J I scanty urine, dark colored and turbid
1 | urine, sediment in the urine, gravel in the
» . bladder and too great a flow of urine.
t ' Price, 25 cents.
» j Munyon's Dyspepsia Cure is guaranteed
t j to cure all forms of indigestion and stom-
-1 j ach troubles. Price, 25 cents.
- | Munyon's Rheumatism Cure seldom fails
0 to relieve in 1 to 3 hours, and cures in a few
I | days. Price, 25 cents.
I j Munyon's Headache Cure stops head-
e I ache in three minutes. Price, 25 cents.
Munyon's Blood Cure eradicates ail im-
purities of the blood. Price, _"> cents.
Munyon's Cold Cure prevents pneumonia
3 ; and breaks up a cold in a few hours. Prica,
, j 25 cents.
Munyon's Cough Cure stops coushs,
J j night sweats, aliavs soreness ana speedily
. heals the lungs. Price, 25 cents. • ' > .-, >
, Munyon's Pile Ointment positively .cures
, all forms of pile?. Price. 25 cents.
I Munyon's Vitaiizer restores lost powers
' to weak men. Price, $1.
A separate specific for each disease. Sold
by all druggists, mostly at 25 cents a bottle.
Personal letters to Professor Munyon,
1505 Arch street, Philadelphia, Pa*., an-
, swered with free medical advice for" any
disease. V
RAILROAD TRAVEU •
BIG .REDUCTIOJ IS RATES BY RAIL
....TO
r"o3E«.Tl_j_(s_3Nri3. on.
.__ST r /"Y'7l '' i i•' 'imnma^ -Ta^irtmnf
_5_35? V.J- '_>.'• .iiS____ fcifiEiia*?*- <££~XMl: rs -"-J
SATURDAY .....APRIL 18,
And Kvery Fifth Day Thereafter.
Leave from H. P. Co.'s Ferry landing, foot
of Market St.. at _ p.' M.
■Kb !C ft— lncluding Perth in Pullman Tour-
OOiUU ist Sleeper.
....ALSO....
I First-class tickets. including berth in C_lA'°o
Pullman Standard Sleeper. tuJ-U
SPECIAL NOTICE. -
This train will not stop lo deliver or take on pas-
| sengers at intermediate stations, nor will tickets be .
j sold or baggage checked to such points.
tjtk^ Through Tickets for Paget 'Sound
I Points. on Sale at Reduced Kates.
For further information apply at
613 MARKET STBEET (Grand Hotel
' ■ Ticket Office), San Francisco.
RICHARD GRAY. T. H. GOODMAN,
Gen. Traffic Mgr. Gen. Pass. Agt.
KOVTHKRN PACIFIC COMPASiX..
(I'ACUIU y>. i.m. i .. .'.,'.
Traliix Irate :»u«l Mre iine to niriic nt
eg san PRAHCIM4». ,V ».'■•'
leave - Fi:..m March 28, 1800. — Ar.r.ivH
? iOO a Atlantic Express, Ogden and Past.. S:_">p
7:OOa Penicia, Vacaville, Banner, Sacra-
. mento, and Redding via Davi.!.... . 7:15p
7:00a. -Martinez, Saa Ramon, Napa, Calls- .
toga and Ban ta Rosa 6:1 or
8:HOa Nil".;, San ,lt>.-<>, Stockton, lone.
Sacramento, Marysvilie, Red PUift •.
and Sundays excepted Oroville....- I:l5p
•S:3o.\ Paters and Milton .\ ""7:15p
y:<M»A Los Angeles Express, Fresno, Santa .
liarh.ua and Pos Angeles *«45p
«:9«A Martinez and Stockton 10:1.T
»:OOvVaHejo 0:13p .
l:<Mlp Miles, San Joes and Urermore M:-Jsa
*l:OOp Sacramento lUrer Steamers *!i:«Op
1 l:aop Port Costa and Way Stations t7:l3p •
1 _:OOp Martinez, Sau llamon, Vailejo, •« y.
1 Napa, Caliatoga, El Verano and
i Santa Rosa . »:15»
i _:00p Benicia, Esparto, ■ Woodland 3 '
i Knigiits Landing, Marysvilie
i Orovillo and Sacramento >.t>:lsa
, 4:30p Niles, San Jose, Lirermore and
Stockton .• '7:15p
4:30p Merced, Berenda, P.iymond (fot
Yosemite) and Fresno 11:45 a
1 5:0 Op New Orleans ll.xi'i. ■!.::, i'r. Pakers- ■
' field; Santa li.irbnr.i. !.■ s Angeles. »
i Deming, El Paso, New Orleans and
i East :...." 10:15 a
, S:OOp Santa Fo Route, Atlantic Express
, for Mojave and East..... 10:1.1 a
3:OOp Valiejo 11:43 a
_~aar I'uropcaii Mail, Ogden and Bast..,. !): 13
0:«»Oe Iluywardu, Niks aud San Jose 7;l."i\
17:00 c Vailejo: '. .....p. ; f 7: 13p
Oregon Express, Sacramento, Marys- . « *■*•'*.*
■■'.■■■ :'.-■/■. vil e, Redding, Portland, > Paget
Sound and Bast 10:43 a
«J10:05p Sunset Limited," Fresno, Los
Ange'.es, El Paso, New Orleans
and Part }12:43p
SAM'A liirz DIVISION (Narrow <iauge;. .
17:43 a Santa Cruz Excursion, Santa Cruz
and Principal Way Stations . {8:03r
8:1 3a Newurk.Centerville.Saii.lose.Fclton, ".
Boulder Creek, Santa Cruz and Way
Stations .'. oi3op
•2:15p Newark. Centerville, San Jose. New • ' '
Almaden, Felton, Boulder Creek, , ■'•
Santa Cruz and Principal Way
Stations "11:20 a
-:13t> Newark, San .lone and l^os Catos.... B:30a
COAST lUVISION (lliii.l & Towtisend Ms.)
6:43 a San Jose and Way Stations (New •
Almaden Wednesdays only) 1:45r
8:13 a San Jose, Tres Pinos, Santa Cruz.
Pacilic Grove, Paso Roblcs, San
Luis Obispo. Guadalupe aud Prin-
cipal Way Stations 7:OSp
IO:40a San Jose and Way Stations , r 3:OOp
11:45 a Palo Alto and Way Stations .' 3:!iop
»2:30p San Jose, Oilroy, Tres Pinos, f ta
Cruz, Salinas.Monterey auUPacflic •
Grove «10:!Oa
*.*t:3op SanJosc and Principal WayStatious 9:47 a
*l:30p San Jose and Way Stations *M:OOa
3:30p Sau Jose and Way Stations •8:ll«v
6:30p San Jose and Way Stations 0:35 a
tll:4si* San Jose- and Way Stations +7:43 p
SAN LKAMIKO AND HAVWAKD- Eqi a"II '
t*«:OOA "1 ~~ 7 7:15 A
**—* t9:45A
iS. : SBa Melrose, Seminary Park, ' 0 :«*
"I-ooJ Fitchburg- SanLeandro ■»*«;
4-oop ■ and ' |i 43p
"lac? Haj-rardt.- 6;13r
7:(»Op Bi43P
©loop i Rons through to Niles." iS^Op
tfll:lspj » From Nile-. Iftiaioop-
CREEK ROUTE FERRY. ~~
From SAN FRISCISCO— Foot of Market Street (Slip 8)—
•7:15 9:(0 11:00 a.m. {1:00 *2:fl0 13-CO
•4:00 tE:00 •6:Copji. I * 69
From OiKLAHD— Foot or Broadway *600 8-00
10-00 A.M. J 12:00 *1:00 t2:CO *3:00 tllofl
*S:OQr.M. ♦••»-
A. for Morning. for Afternoon.
Sundays excepted , HatmSayi only.
* ** , M ,ln< ! ayB -?, nlr - „ d g s Tuesdays only. J
tt Mood-y. Tbursday and gituniav nights" only.
Atlantic "^^^i
Trains leave from and arrive fcV^v^^.W'
at Market-Street Ferry.
SANTA FE EXPkfci>S
To Chicago via A. & P. Direct Line
Leaves every day at 5 p. m.. carrying Pullman
Palace Sleepers and Tourist Sleepers to <.'hie_^«
via Kansas City without change- Annex cars for
Denver and St. Louis.
CHICAGO LIMITED,
From Los Angeles to Chicago. .
Solid Vestibule Train Daily, with Dinlng-cara, .
; nnder Harvey management. Connecting train*
leave San Francisco at 9 a. m. and & p. m. daily.
The best railway from California to the Ka.su
New rails, new ties: no dust: Interesting scenery i
and good meals in Harvey's dimns-roem or dl_in_»
can. • .
Ticket Office— 644 Market Street,
I ■ . ChrKaicXy Bulldjqjr,,
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILSOAD~
v ■>. (Via Sausalito Ferry).
irom Saa _ raucisco, r„„„ . P lug March 29, 1898.' "
! 5:16.» I ,:l)i,',:SspV U " 1:i5 « -°' 4=15.
E uays^^u^.^ f^ :^ p^^. Wedn«.
J?n- Mm t- „ ' S U.VDAYS.
"o^Ji \XS ??,«". Ka"«I-*8:00, *9:00,
6:30, 8:45. 8130 .V 30 ' *' 2:15 '
11:0Oa.m. M * « lr -*trip to Sauaalitoat
Trains marked * run tn «»» «* '-"". "
p. it. does not run to Mill V„u Qnentln - ** 12,3 °
; |«££«_^_Sg»^iai£_
, |:00 a. v. «unfl_v_lT-»'^ ero •_•<« waysUtloai.
«:0« a. v. Sund^yLp^^ay^uo^
NOTARY PUBLIC.
GHARLESH. phii it.. ■
L law and Notary ru^^ l^ ■ATTORNfiT-AT.
site Palace Hotel 't.-iaT,, .- M * 1 * e * •»*
1 *«»«. Telephone % p^_°.??,"o, Residence IWOHAS SHE MET
WITH FOUL PLAY?
Pretty Maud Morse Mys
teriously Disappears
From Home.
STARTED FOR A BAKERY
Then She Borrowed Ten Cents,
Bearded a Streetcar and
Lost Herself.
A WOMAN WITH A HISTORY.
Though Only Eighteen, Has Traveled
the World Over— She Is
Highly Educated.
One week ago to-day pretty Miss Maud
Morse- of 3013 Buchanan street left her
home to go to the bakery half a block
away. From that moment until the pres
ent time Mr. and Mrs. Bowers, with
whom she was stopping, have not seen
her, and they fear that she has either
committed suicide or met with foul play.
When the young woman did not return
home Thursday night Mrs. Bowers be
came uneasy and made a hurried visit to
the bakery. There it was learned that
Miss Morse borrowed a dime under the
pretense that she was ill and must consult
a physician at once.
Miss Morse boarded the Union-street
car, and waving a friendly adieu to the
baker's wife, who stood m the little shop
door, started on her journey. Days passed
-MISS MAUD MORSE, WHO DISAPPEARED LAST THURSDAY.
and the young woman did not return.
Tuesday last the matter was reported to
the police, but all efforts to trace her
movements after leaving the car have so
far resulted only in failure. The physi
cian on whom the missing girl said she
intended to call was seen, but he declared
that he had not seen her— in fact did not
know any such person.
Miss Morse is a dainty young girl of per
haps 18 years of age. She is dark of eye,
with features very much on the Spanish
type and altogether more than ordinarily
prepossessing. In addition to these facial
beauties she has a charm and grace of
manner which indicated that she had
been accustomed to walk in .the higher
circles of society. In fact, Miss Morse ap
peared to be a young woman with a his
tory, though Mrs. Bowers was able to
glean only bits of it here and there.
On the last day of March Mrs. Bowers
advertised for an assistant— one under
standing general housework, at the same
expert with the needle. The next day-
April I— Miss Morse rang the doorbell.
She wanted a home at once, so it was easy
to agree on the remuneration.
"She was of a gentle and confiding na
ture," said Mrs. Bowers yesterday,
"though I was never able to learn much
about her private life. She was evidently
well born, and had been highly educated,
speaking French and German as fluently
as she did her native tongue. On one oc
casion she told me that she had traveled
all over the world France, Germany,
Italy, Asia and the Hawaiian Islands. At
another time Miss. Morse told me that she
was born in San Francisco, but had moved
to Baltimore a number of years ago. She
returned to this City some months ago,
and for a while was with the family of a
Mr. Tucker on Green street.
"You see she left everything she had,"
continued Mrs. Bowers, as she showed
the room formerly occupied by
Miss Morse. "All of her clothes, pictures
and little trinkets are just as she left tbem.
I fear she has committed suicide, though
why she should do such a rash thing I
cannot understand. She seemed happy,
and to far as I knew did not have any
gentlemen acquaintances. I shall leave
everything just as it is until she comes
back, which I know she will do, if alive."
In Miss Morse's room was found a; num
ber of photographs, one bearing. the signa
ture on the reverse side "Your friend, Mrs.
Gertie Levey. San Francisco." On the
table lay a little silver watch, and near it
a lady's purse, containing only a laundry
list.
The disappearance of the young woman
is peculiar, to say the least, and so far the
Police Department has signally failed in
tracing her any farther than from the
bakery to the boarding of the streetcar.
A MYS ERIOUS SHOOTING.
F. W. TTig-rt ii Found Unconscious on tho
Kailroad Near the Cliff.
F. W. Wigren, a barber, aeed 30 years,
living al 152% Steuart street, was found
lying on the railroad track, near the sig- j
nal station, at 7:30 o'clock iast evening.
The engineer in charge of the Cliff House
train noticed the body on the track and at
once stopped the train.
Wigren was taken in charge by the
signal-service men, and later was removed
to the hospital. Ail-that he would say
was that he had been shot. There were
several holes in his face, and the blood
flowed from the mouth. It is thought
that he in a fit of despondency shot him
self. A letter addressed to Mina Menen,
and written in Russian, was found on his
person. • ; y r
OBSTACLES TO HAPPINESS.
Lecture of Victor E. O'Brien to the
Socialist Labor Party.
A good-sized audience listened to an ad
dress on the above subject at 115 Turk
street under the auspices of Liberty Branch
of the Socialist Labor party. The meet
ins; opened with a brief address ny the
chairman, P. Ross Martin, who introduced
the young lecturer as an earnest and zeal
ous student of sociology.
The lecturer, Victor L. O'Brien, graph
ically portrayed "the obstacles and im
pediments to human happiness under the
present system" and spoke of the augury
of peace and plenty under the reign of
socialism and justice that the coming
change in the evolution of economics has
in store for mankind.
Under socialism the lecturer claimed
the present wearisome and unchristian
struggle for supremacy and success will
give place to a more generous and fraternal
rivalry for the accomplishment of com
mon efforts for the welfare of all mankind.
Short speeches by the following mem
bers of the Socialist Labor party followed:
Theodore Lynch, Leon Gasser, Henry
Warnecke, Max Leiterns, G. B. Ben ham
and George Speed. The meeting closed
with the singing of the "Marsellaise."
SAID HE FIXED THE JUDGE.
Edward McDermott Arrested for "Graft-
ing" in the City Hall.
Edward McDermott, a carpenter, was
arrested yesterday morning by Policeman
Wagner for violating the ordinance a_ainst
"grafting" around the Police courts.
K. O'Connor, a stonecutter, was arrested
on Clay street Tuesday for being drunk.
He had $8 20 in bis pockets, and yesterday
when he was discharged McDermott, who
was with him when arrested, was waiting
for him and accompanied him to the prop
erty clerk's office.
O'Connor told Sergeant Moran that Mc-
Dermott wanted the half of the $8 20. be
cause he had been the means of getting
him discharged by Judge Joachimsen.
The sergeant took O'Connor through the
detectives' room and notified Policeman
Wagner, who found McDermott waiting
patiently for O'Connor in the corridor.
BOCKS ROUND HIS NECK.
i Desperate Suicide of an Un
known, Believed to Bs a
Sailor.
Ghastly Find of the Crew of the Bay
Schooner Pike County Near
Baden.
An unknown man, fairly well dressed
and having every appearance of being at
least in comfortable circumstances, found
death in the bay some time between Sun
day and yesterday morning, and his body
is now awaiting identification at the
Morgue at Redwood City. When the crew
of the bay schooner Pike County, that was
lying at the wharf opposite the XL dairy,
about two miles from Baden, in San Mateo
County, began its labors yesterday morn
ing it discovered the body of a man be
neath the vessel, and after an ineffectual
attempt to extricate it sent for the Coroner
and the police authorities.
When the body was taken out it was
found that a small sack containing a quan
tity of rock was fastened about the neck,
and a place on the side of the head ap
peared to contain a bullet wound.
At first the case was thought to be one
of murder and Deputy Sheriff Fred Disa
rello began an investigation, but . soon
came to the conclusion that the man had
committed suicide. A Coroner's jury,
consisting of H. A. Potter, Richard Con
ley, J. F. Cody, N. Jones, J. F. Horn, A.
Wilber and J. B. Wales, was called, and
after bearing tho evidence and viewing
the corpse rendered a verdict of suicide.
The body is that of a man about 45
years old, with gray hair, dark complex
ion, and bears evidence of having been a
sailor. On his arm is the tattooed image
of a brig. On his right hand, near the
forefinger, is a star, and on the left, about
the same place, is an anchor. His clothes
were of fairly good quality and in the
pockets were found $1 05* in silver, an
open-faced watch with the case number
2171 and a private number 5574 M, a knife,
silk hanclkerchier, three keys and a busi
ness card of P. Flanagan, a furniahine
poods dealer of 152 Sixth street. An Odd
Fellows' pin was attached to his vest.
A copy of The Call of Sunday last, also
found in his pocket, showed that be must
have made his fatal plunge some time
subsequent to Sunday morning.
It is supposed that' he tied the sack of
rocks about his neck and leaped off the
wharf where the body was found.
Inquiry at the business house, whose
card he had, failed to elicit any informa
tion that would lead to his identification,
though the proprietor remembered that
on Saturday fast two men, whom he took
to be either sailors or miners, called at his
place to make purchases and before leav
ing took his card. y
If a bicycler falls, and has Mitchell's Magic
Lotion, he can ride his bike home. *
The following strains of blood are said
to be united in young Prince Edward of
York: Norman, Flemish, Scotch, Saxon,
Spanish, French, English, German and
Danish..
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, APRIL 16, 1896.
The Handsome Church of St. John the Evangelist on Fifteenth Street and Julian
Avenue, Where Was Celebrated Last Night the Fifteenth Anniversary of
Key. E. B. Spalding's Rectorship.
RECTOR FIFTEEN YEARS
Celebration of Dr. Spalding's
Long Connection With
St. Johns.
HE IS POPULAR IN THE CHURCH
Last Night Marked the Appreciation
by the Parishioners of His Guid.
ance of Affairs.
The fifteenth anniversary of Rev. E. B.
Spalding's rectorship in the parish of St.
John the Evangelist was celebrated last
night at the handsome church on Fif
teenth street and Julian avenue.
The parishioners assembled in mass in
the church to give to their beloved pastor
a reception worthy of the occasion,
In the early part of the evening a praise
service was held in the body of the church
by Dr. Spalding and his assistants, with
the full choir. Afterward the congrega
tion retired to Guild Hall adjoining,
where it was joined by Bishop Nichols and
the following clergy : Rev. G. E. Walk,
Rev. H. B. Collier and Rev. E. Lyon, with
Senior Warden Judge Van Reynegom and
Junior. Warden F. H. Eichbaum.
A varied programme of music and sing
ing was offered preliminary to the even
| ing's reception and presentation of the ad
dress to the pastor on his fifteenth anni
versary.
Bishop Nichols spoke feelingly of the
sterling qualities of mind and heart of the
Rev. Dr. SDalding and the wonderful
success he had accomplished in his fifteen
years' ministration of his duties as pastor.
Dr. Spalding being introduced by
Judge Van Reynegom, spoke of the able
assistance rendered him by the members
of his parish, particularly the two wardens
who stood by him for the good of the
parish. The ladies also came in for their
share of praise in their labors of love and
devotion for the welfare of those depend
ing upon their moral support.
Junior Warden Eichbaum read the fol
lowing report of the committee, giving the
statistics of the parish since 1881:
Your committee appointed to take suitable
' action to mark the filteenth anniversary of Dr.
.; Spalding's rectorship of this parish, feel that in
congratulating him we have equally if not
greater cause to congratulate ourselves upon
this happy occasion.
The records of our parish, gathered through
these many years of Dr. Spalding's rectorship
and summarized herewith, speak for them
' selves. They will compare favorably with
those of sister parishes of our own and other
dioceses, and should be a cause for devout
thankfulness. Such results, humanly speak
ing, however, could only have been obtained
through wise leadership. Through a wise guid
ance and by personal sacrifice as unusual, per
l haps, as are the statistics of our parish, has its
v work during these fifteen years been accom
, plished.
1 Long rectorships are, as a rule, the exception
. in the history of our church in this country
r Many reasons might be assigned for this. Here
at the West, especially, is a constant change
i and fluctuation in parish life that often hin
r ders deep and lasting attachments, and not in
frequently encourages differences and even
1 partisan strife. There is also an increasing de
, mand for financial support for God's work in a
, new country like our own which is not always
cheerfully recognized, and oftentimes tempts
• our rectors to flee away ana be at rest. It is a
. cause for congratlation for us that in these
i years differences have been almost unknown
among us. With a united front as a parish
' we have gone on from our little church, the
memory of which is so dear to our older mem
, bers, to our present beautiful building with
' our Holy Innocents' Chapel and prospering
• Good Shepherd's Mission in peace ana har
mony.
It is hard, to realize the growth from that
little building of fifteen years ago, with its
congregation all scattered and its few mem
, bers, to our present condition— united.we trust
In love for God's work— nearly 700 com
municants. Indeed, if today, those baptized
and confirmed in these fifteen years should
gather at our church door our present build
ing, large as it is, could not contain them. We
may well say, as we look back on this spiritual
harvest, "What hath God wroueht."
Financially we are not a wealthy parish
Our location is in a poorer Dart of this growing
City; and yet we have been able in these years
to do for ourselves and assist in general church
work in a way that {as we examine our sta
tistics), it should be a matter of honest pride
to reflect upon and think how much has been
done. To accomplish this our rector has been
an important factor; without his self-sacrifice
it could not have been done. When we could
not have afforded it, he has provided assistants
lor large and growing parochical needs. Other
generous sacrifices of Dr. Spalding's have
been made; some to assist in meeting current
expenses, some to beautify our church
Nor have his labors been confined to our
parish interests alone. His gratuitous services
aided the self-denying efforts of those ladies of
our church in this City, to whom is due under
God, ihe resuscitation of St. Luke's Hospital
His voice has ever been raised earnestly for the
support of missions at home and abroad The
Del Monte chapel, an artistic and substantial
church building in the magnificent grounds of
the Hotel Del Monte at Monterey, stands as a
monument to the untiring zeal of Dr Spald
ing; Doth the building and the lot on which it
stands having been secured to the church
chiefly through his efforts. mmm
That the value of his ability and services has
been recognized in honors and position in the
dioce*>e has been a mailer of pride to us his
parishioners, and on this, the fifteenth anni
versary of his long and successful rectorship
with warm esteem we pledge him our hearty
support in his efforts as rector for this work of
the church, and pray that our present rela
tions with him may long remain unbroken
Committee of Vestry— F. W. Van P.evneEom
senior warden; F. H. Eichbaum, junior war
den; James Rolph Jr., clerk; F. L. sonthack
treasurer; Henry Kirke White, choirmaster'
Committee of St. John's Guild— Mrs. Henry V
Williams, Mrs. Emma G.Wendell, Mrs FL*
Southack, Mrs. W. Weston, Mrs. M. A. Gale " '
The church records show the progress
made tobe remarkable. They comprise:
Eleven hundred and forty baptisms from
May 15, 1881, to Easter, 1896; 789 confirma
tions from October 30, 1881, to Easter. 1896;
402 marriages from May 17, 1881, to Easter,
1896; 544 burials from April 27, 1881. to Eas
ter, 1896; 7800 church services from Easter.
1881, to Easter, 1896.
At Easter, 1881, the parish records show a
membership of 82 families and 350 baptized
individuals. During the year ending at Easter,
1881, there were 140 communicants, 61 bap
tisms, 45 confirmations, 14 marriages, 28
burials and 136 church services.
The year ending at Easier, 1896, shows 419
families in the parish, 1775 baptized individu
als, 685 communicants, 140 baptisms, 84 con
firmations, 33 marriages, 64 burials and 914
Church services held. During the last year
there have also been 249 celebrations of* the
Holy Communion, at which 4423 communi
cated, while the attendance at all services in
the parish was 47,743.
During the fifteen years ending at and in
cluding Easter, 1896. the total amount of mon
eys received from all sources was $142,112 71,
the total amount paid for parish expenses and
parisn work was $127,787 82; the total amount
expended for mission work outside of the par
ish was ¥10,643 91. *
Besides the total amount paid for parish ex
penses, as above stated, $4070 86 was ex
pended for charity from the communion alms,
$57,000 approximately was expended in ac
quiring land and the erection of church build
ings thereon, some $40,000 of which was paid
from the proceeds of the sale of the old church
lot on the corner of Valencia and Fifteenth
streets. During the time stated over $3000
has been contributed from the parish for St.
Luke's Hospital, in addition to the above-men
tioned amounts. The entire receipts of the
parish for the year ending at and including
Easter, 1896, were $7593 63, of which $566 57
was expended for mission work outside of the
parish.
Judge Van Reynegom then presented
his pastor, on behalf of the congregation,
with a handsome gold watch, ana to Mrs.
Spalding a vase of maidenhair ferns was
the offering of the ladies.
On behalf of himself and his wife, Dr.
Spalding again thanked his faithful and
loving parishioners for their kind remem
brance of him and his wife.
Refreshments were served in an adjoin
ing hall to those assembled, where a gen
eral jubilation of good fellowship were ex
changed between clergy and laity.
__ NEW TO-DAY.
' \
______
THAT WORD EXPRESSES AGONY. THOSE WHO HAVE
■*■ been so unfortunate as to have suffered from it in an aggra-
vated form say that they often feel that they had been afflicted
IjgSg&gL with the horrors of the damned. The terri-
' qpIMIS ble dragging, intense pain which extends
j||?§§F from the small of the back down through the
'^m -||^ hip and back of the thigh to the knee is
f^' im^L sometimes impossible of description. This
§MA is a nerve pain, arising from congestion at
%^|^pSßj|pl ie base of the spine. It is somewhat akin
VfcBl^pp?3Bl to Lumbago, an( i they are frequently in com-
R3S|flEp pany in torturing tho poor sufferer. Of all
ffiSJaSjjflSft the remedies applied by physicians in the at-
felß^^S tempt to cure Sciatica or Lumbago, none
Ilfl^^^^ have ever been successful except Electricity.
''.Wf^ The most certain cure is Dr. Sanden's Elec-
ts' jßSjf trie Belt, which is made with a direct object
If mm oJ reac^i n o the sciatic nerve, into which it
& r M MM infuses a healthy, life giving current of elec-
fllf fill tricity, which quickly decomposed the con-
Mil mm gested matter, relieving the nerve of the
_Jl_ p*? painful pressure, and at the same time gives
rt^^_**'___L aji, to *** new strength with which to support the
Ul-rf**" §§__u»* g *' weight of the body.
Electric Belt gives a powerful electric current through the body.
The patient feels it all' the time, and it has; a patent regulator
which turns the current on mild or strong at any time.
Recent Cures.
"I want you to know what your Electric Belt has done for me. I have been a sufferer from
Sciatica for rive years or more, and it just did me up at times. When 1 would stoop over I
would be unable to get up again without great pain, and suffered a great deal from it. I got
relief in two days from your Belt, and my back is now as well as ever. It has done me much
good in other respects also, and I know it to be a good thing. I believe that people who need it
ought to know of its value. I wouldn't part with mine for any consideration."— S. D. VALEN-
TINE, of Francis Valentine Co., Printers, 517 Clay street, San Francisco. ...
"You can refer to me as an example of what your Belt will do. It has saved me from going
to the hospital. I have been a great sufferer from Sciatic Rheumatism for several years. Last
fall I was in the hospital two months, and saw nothing to save me from it again till" I got your
Belt. I got the Belt just as the trouble was coming on again, and lam pleased to say that the
Rheumatism has been completely knocked out, and I am now enjoying good health."— H
KRUGER, 3281 Central avenue, Alameda, Cal. J J • .. •
"When I got your Belt three months ago I had been a sufferer for two years from Sciatica
Had pains in my legs and knees. I had tried other remedies, but found nothing to help mc till
I got the Belt. In six or eight days after applying the Belt the pains left me and have not
come back since. I feel better than I have for 20 years."— K. KNOX, Mare Island Navy
Yard, Valiejo, Cal. J
Other cures are told of in the little book, Three Classes of
Men." It has full information and prices of Dr. Sanden's famous
Belt. It is free. Get it. The services of a regular physician
are free to our patients.
j_s-___p>aruE3xr electric CO., .
630 MARKET ST., OPPOSITE PALACE HOTEL, SAN FRANCISCO.
Office Hours— B A. M. to 8:30 P. M.; Sundays, 10 to 1.
I OFFICES _S_T
LOSS ANGELES, i POKTLAN3 OR.
204 Boutb Broadway. | 255 Washington street.
FATHER YORKE TO SPEAK
IHe Will Deliver a Series of
Lectures in Metropolitan
Hall.
LIBERTY TO BE HIS THEME.
The American Women's Liberal
League Has Arranged for the
Whole Course.
Arrangements have been made by the
American Women's Liberal League for a
course of five lectures to be delivered un
der its auspices by the Rev. Peter C.
Yorke, chancellor of the diocese, in Metro
politan Hall. These discourses are to be
on civil and religious liberty. They have
already attracted considerable attention in
circles where Father Yorke is admired.
The purpose, it has been stated, of these
lectures is to give people an opportunity
of hearing both sides of the question
treated.
The first lecture will be delivered on
Monday night, April 20. on "The Nursing
Mother of Republics." Thursday, April
23, "The Dragon's Teeth" will form the
subject of a discourse, ana "Man's Inhu
manity to Man' will be discussed Mon
day, April 27. The fourth lecture will be
given May 8, on the "Day-spring on
High," and the series will be concluded
Tuesday, May 12, with a lecture on the
"Noontide of Freedom,"
The American Women's Liberal League
has taken this means of carrying out the
aims of its existence. It stands for abso
lute tolerance in religious matters. In
brief form its principles are declared in the
following manner:
We declare that liberty of conscience is not
only a privilege, but a sacred right in these
United States, and that freedom of religious
worship has been guaranteed to all citizens by
the constitution.
We assert that the experience of over a hun
dred years has demonstrated that religious in
tolerance is incompatible with the best civili
zation, and that persecution or proscription on
account of race, color or creed is a menace
to the country's welfare and the country's
good.
We denounce any attempt to array one class
of citizens against another on the score of race,
creed or color as un-American and unjust.
We condemn as violators of the constitution
those who seek, either openly or in secret, to
make a religious test a qualification for any
office of public trust.
We believe that no organization should be
permitted to render null and void, under any
pretext, the guarantees of religious liberty
contained in our organic law and to the end
that "no religious test should ever be required
as a qualification to office or public trust under
the United States," and that Congress shall
make no law respecting an establishment of
religion or prohibiting the free exercise and
enjoyment of religious profession, and that
worship, without discrimination or preference,
shall forever be guaranteed in the United
States. We hereby subscribe our names as
members of the American Women's Liberal
League.
The league has concluded to charge 25
cents admission for each of the lectures, or
$1 for the course, and double that sum for
reserved seats. These tickets are for sale
at the league's headquarters. 03 Donohoe
building.
The Study of Prophecy.
Lectures to facilitate the study of Bible
prophecy are to be given on successive Sun
day afternoons, in Scottish Hall, Larkin street.
This is an undenominational movement and
the lectures are to be free to the public. Dr.
P. Brett Morgan of the Reformed Episcopal
Church is expected to give the first of the
series next Sunday, having for his topic "The
Prophetic Outlines of Church and State. :
%\ > Z^§ <=^^r'"' (3__2^2Dlr jjr?"-y >.;...-^* j^'-'/^^y^y-'-Q^:
TUB BARTLETT
SPRINGS
TTAVE THE MERITED REPUTATION OF
-"-*- being one of the wonders of the world, and
seekers of pleasure and lovers of sightseeing, as
well as those in search of health, will be well
paid by visiting them.
Tho Finest Summer Climate in Cali-
fornia.
LARGE NEW SWIMMING TANK.
A Positive Cure for Rheumatism, Liver,
Kidney and Stomach Troubles.
TERMS 810 TO Sl5 PER WEEK.
Two Routes to the Springs, S. P. Co. and
S. F. and >". P. Railway.
Address all correspondence to BARTLETT
SPRINGS COMPANY, 22 Fourth street, 8. F.
PACIFIC MESS SPRINGS.
One of the Finest Hotels in California.
LOCATED IN THE CANYON OF THE SANTA
Cruz Mountains, a mile above Saratoga, amid
enchanting scenery. 800 feet above tho sea level,
with a frontage of 450 feet south.
Large Double Rooms, With Private
Bathrooms.
PURE SPRING of the famed CONGRESS
SPRINGS MINERAL WATER of the alkalo-
chalybeate class; valuable for table use and dys-
pepsia, liver and kidney troubles, rheumatism,
gout and cutaneous affections.
HOTEL and COTTAGES.
NEW NATATORIUM.
ALL lighted with electricity; electric bells, tele-
graph and telephone: good stables.
RATES VERY REASONABLE: only 21.
hours from San Francisco, via S. P. Write for
particulars.
J. F. PFETCH, Proprietor.
MPA SODA SPRINGS,
California's Famous Mountain Spa!
Have You Been- There Lately?
1000 feet above Napa Valley. Climate unsur-
passed. Views magnificent. Table supplied from
orchard and ocean, field and farm. Hot and cold
Napa Soda water baths. Telephone and Postoflice.
Burros to ride. Bowline alleys, tennis, croquet,
swings and hammocks. New Improvement-; every
; year. Gas and running water in every room. Re-
j lief for asthmatics. WARM WATER SWIM-
MING TANK. An Ideal summer resort. Chil-
dren's paradise: mothers' delight; husbands' rest.
Address ANDREW JACKSON", Napa Soda Springs
TAVERS OF CASTLE CRAG !
Queen of Ail Mountain Resorts.
The Tavern of Castle Crag, the most
beautiful, attractive and accessible of
all mountain resorts, will open for the j
reception of guests June Ist, and close
October Ist, 1896.
GEORGE SCHONEWALD, Manager,
Room 59, Union Trust Building;,
San Francisco.
JN"OW o!__P;]E3W_
Under the Old Management.
HOTEL AND COTTAGES. ON AUSTIN
Creek, In the heart of the Sonoma Redwoods,
terminus of N. P. C. R. R., via Sausalito ferry.
train leaves at 1:4!). Fine swimming, hunting
and trout fishing. Terms reasonable. For par-
ticulars address
C. F. BURNS, Proprietor,
' Cazadero, Cal.
UARBIX HOT SULPHUR SPIIIiTO.
Lake County, Cal.
THE FAVORITE SUMMER AND WIN-
TER RESORT.
HANDSOME NEW HOTEL; LARGE AND
eommod.ous rooms; large new dining-room*
everything newly furnished throughout the hotei
and cottages,
Stage daily from Calistoga to springs: round-trip j
ticket at southern Pacific ofiice, $8. Fine fishing
and hunting. Address J. A. HAYS, Proprietor.
f! IT infl f| HOT SPRINGS. Sonoma
V If ft I*l * V bounty, only 4v„ hours from
Af. II IT IT \ San Francisco; but 9 miles
11 l\ ll I I IJ 11 staging: new road through
**' _._._,_. "- 1 ■* canyon; new stages; sanitary
plumbing: natural temperature of water 130° i'ahr
of wonderful curative properties ; no fogs or disa-
greeable winds: mosquiios and other annoying
insects unknown. Take Tlburon ferry at Y:3O
a. m. or 3:80 v. M. Round-trip ticket only $5.50.
Telephone and telegraph, daily mail and express.
Rates $1. a week; baths free. . * ■
, * J. F. MULGREW, Proprietor.
CAMP TAYLOR, HOTEL AZALEA,
Tocaloma, Bcrtrand's Hotel, /Tarin Co., Cal.
FIRST - CLASS ACCOMMODATIONS: DE-
lightful climate for camping; dancing pavilion,
croquet and lawn tennis; fine trout fishing, bath- |
ing und swimming; splendid drives to Rear Val- I
ley; postoflice, express, telegraph and livery at
both hotels: terms $8 and ?1_ per week.
victor W. KRAUSS, Manager.
• JOS. F. BE XT HAND, Proprietor.
City ofiice, 112 Taylor St., Fridays, _ to 4 p. m.
EL BONITO HOTEL
"VTOW OPEN TO TOURISTS for THE
_.' season: salt and fresh water bathing, hunting,
fishing and boating; redwood grove, etc.: terms
reasonable. G. w. MORGAN,
. Duncans Mills, Sonoma Co.,
OLENbROOK
TS ONE OF THE MOST CHARMING RE-
X sorts in the State. Fine scenery, hunting and [
IfiShing; excellent table. For circulars and further I
format! on anaress O. W. R. TREDWAY, •
-■: • . Proprietor, Glenhrook, Lake County, Cal.
' FOR SALE.
A GREAT BARGAIN
THE HALE RANCH, MOUNTAIN VIEW.
Santa Clara County, two miles from Mountain
v few Station, five miles from the Stanford Uni-
versity, Palo Alto, and ten miles from the City of
- San Jose.
1700 Acres of the Choicest Land in the
Santa Clara Valley.
Will be sold at a great sacriflce to close the estate
Of J. P. Hale, deceased. . ■
Large Vineyard, Three Prune Orchards. Fruit
Trees of all kinds and abundance of Water from a
living creek and numerous springs. .
Large House M Pleven rooms, Barns. Stables,
Chicken-Houses, Ouihouses. etc., etc. etc., and ail
the necessary farming utensils.
PRICE $85,000— $50 PER ACRE.
. The cheapest land ever offered in California.
For all particulars apply to McGLYNN & MEN-
TON, Beal Estate Agents, Boom 22. Chronicle
Building, where photographs of the property can
be seen.
HIGHLAND SPRINGS,
On the Border of Clear Lake.
LAKE COTJTSrTY, o_fl_l_i.
DO YOU ENJOY A SUPERB CLIMATE,
dancing, lawn tennis, croquet, billiards? Do
you like fine bathing, boating, hunting and fishing?
Do you need recuperation and rest afforded by over
thirty kinds of mineral springs? Shortest stage
route into Lake County. ,y.
All this and more can be had at Highland
Springs.
New hotel. Finest dining-room north of San
Francisco.
From San Francisco it costs only $3 for the
round trip, and the hotel rates are 81 50 to $2 60
per day or $10 to $16 per week. Take the 3. F.
and N. P. Railway via Pieta, thence by a short de-
lightful stage ride. . .1. CRAIG, Manager.
San Francisco office. 316 Montgomery st. •
YOUR VACATION!
Where Shall You Spend It ?
Go where monotony is impossible,
where you may mingle with the light-
hearted social throng, or bask in the sun-
shine by the surging sea, or stroll under
the shade of the majestic redwoods
THE SEA BEACH HOTEL,
SANTA CRUZ, Cal.,
Now under the pronrietorship of MR.
JOHN R. CHACE, offers all these oppor-
tunities. ' It is the ideal health and pleas-
ure resort, nestling in a very bower of
loveliness. For further information ad-
dress J. R..CHACE,
• Proprietor Sea Beach Hotel.
SANTA CATALISA ISLAND.
Augmented Attractions for Season 1896.
"TT^v * c
,'• * W-* ,\ „ry
••■ ->-— •'• L^y ■*& i_
Unexcelled' fishing, delightful
coast excurs tally-ho staging, wild goat
hunting, bathing, boating, horseback riding, dan-
' cinq, pyrotechnic displays, water carnivals, grand
concerts every day after June 6. Popular Hotel
Metropoie cow open, Island Villa In July.
For full information, illustrated pamphlets and
rates, apply to
WILM J NGTON TRANSPORTATION CO.,
"2_ South Spring st., Los Angeles, Cal.
SODA BAY HOTEL. ,.
SODA BAY, SITUATED ON CLEAR LAKE,
is most Dicturesque. Soda Spring is famous for
the vast volume of delicious soda water which
it throws out daily, amounting to over 1,000,000
gallons. Hunting, fishing, boating and swimming
are unsurpassed anywhere. A fine bar has just
been opened. The table is supplied with the very
best the market affords, and the comfort and wel-
fare of all guests carefully looked after. Free
camping grounds. A coach will connect with the
daily stage from Pieta and Highland Springs,
Adams, Se'gler, Rlue Lakes and Saratoga, tare
from San Francisco, $5 50; roun I trip, $10. Spe-
i cial rates for families. <;. B. WYATT, proprietor,
Soda Bay. Kelseyville, Lake County, Cal.
DUNCAN SPRINGS HOTEL,
Hopland. Mendocino County, Ca!.,
"WIIjIj 0:E-» 23 TNT AIT a.
rpmsNEW 3-STOKY, HARD- finished HO-
-1 tel is located _ miles from Hopland station, on
the line of 8. F. &N. P. R. R. The hotei is built
on a knoll, 260 feet above the vailav and 1000 feet
above sea-level. There are several furnished cot-
tages; also fine Electric and Magnesia Baths.
Amusements: Billiards. Lawn- 1 a inls, (roquet,
Shuille-Boards. Fine walks to Duncan Peak, 2200
feet. Beautiful view.
O. HOWELL, Proprietor.
Board, $10 to SIS Per Week. Free Bug.
SEIGLER SPRINGS,
I, .KE COUNTS'.
POPULAR HEALTH RESORT. OPEN THE
year round. Telephone connections. Bound-
trip tickets at Southern Pacific offices, $10: special
conveyance daily. For information address JOHN
SPAULDING, Seigier Springs, Lake County, Cal.
INWOOD FARM.
AN IDEAL SI'HMEB HOME.
For particulars and terms address
FRED N. SHELDEN,
Sebastopol, Sonoma County.
HOTEL DE THORNTON,
POTTER VALLEY.
FIRST-CLASS IN EVERY RESPECT.
R. E. BADE It. PROPRIETOR.
Rates, *7 per week. Bath end all modern con-
veniences in connection witn Hotel.
_*£_. __3. -vaccnvc-A-Tiac's.
IF Vol' WANT TO HAVE A GOOD TIME
-L ing and fishing where game of an kinas is
plentiful, take the s. F. and N. P. K. R. to Ukiah,
Berryhlll stage to Potter Valley, MeMath's stage
to Huliviile. P. O. address, Huliviile, Lake Co. Cal.
FOR A SUMMER OUTING.
IriOß RENT FROM JUNE I— NEW COTTAGE,
; 5 rooms and bath: furnished; beautiful loca-
tion; 2 miles from Glen Ellen: $10. Apply to
GK.O. G.CLARK,
Office Wells, Fargo & Co., City.
LAUREL DELL HOTEL, ON LAUREL DELL
Lake (formerly Lower Blue Lake)— This pop-
ular resort opens to the public for the coming sea-
son with many improved facilities for entertaining
pleasure-seekers; boating and bathing free; ■no
pains will be spared to provide a good table: terms
*8 to $12 per week; route S. F. and N. P. Railway;
through fare $5: round trip $9 50. Address H.
WAMBOLD. Prop., Bertha P. p., Lake County
OLID COMFORT ROME RESORT— II MILES
from Napa City, on Mount Veder; elevation
1500 feet; mountain spring water: fine scenery:
healthiest climate; positive cure for asthma; good
board and room $8 per week; open to Ist of Janu-
ary ; fare from Napa City $1 50 via Phoenix Livery
Stable. Address MRS. A. V. ALLEN, Napa City.
SARATOGA SPRINGS. LARK COUNTY, CAU
—The most beautiful summer resort in the
state: 8 different springs; sulphur, soda, Iron,
magnesia, seltzer, etc.; good fishing and hunting;
accommodations first-class: rates $10 per week
and upward: table unexcelled; hard-finished
rooms len suite and cottages Address J. MAR-
TENS, Bachelor Pos' office, Lake County, Cal.
BLUE LAKES PLEASURE RESORT— NEW
hotel, now open; many new improvements for
the entertainment of the guests: the pavilion built
over the water; a naphtha launch, etc. good fishing
and hunting. Address CARL METRE, Bertha
P. 0., Lake Co. Do not address Blue Lakes.
THESUCCESS OF THE SEASON
THE LADIES' GRILL ROOM
' .•/ OF THE-
PALACEHOTEL
DIRECT ENTRANCE FROM MARKET ST.
OPEN UNTIL MIDXIGIIT.
"'dsuwrsf'
TSTHEVERY BE*_' ONE To EXAMINE
J- your eyes and tit tnem to Spectacles and Eye-
glasses with instruments of his own invention,
whose superiority has not been equaled. My suc-
cess has been due to the merits of my work.
Oflice Hours— l 2 to le. _..
1112
THE COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMARY OF THE MAIIKBTS.
Silver firmer.
Wheat and Barley quiet.
Oats and corn unchanged.
Rye end Buckwheat lower.
Considerable change in Beans.
Hay unchanged.
Sugar advanced.
Potatoes advanced, onions keep up.
Butter and Cheese unchanged.
Eggs bicker attain.
Asparagus lower.
Poultry weaker.
Fruits unchanged.
Provisions as before.
Explanation.
The arrow flies with the wind. The top figures
at station indicate maximum tempt ratur* for the
days: those underneath it. If any, the amount of
rainfall, of melted scow In Inches ami hundredths,
during the past twelve hours. Isobars, or solid
lines, connrct points of equal air pressure; iso
therms, or dotted lines, equal temperature. 'Ihe
word "high" means high barometric pressure and
Is usually accomoanled by fair weather: "low"
refers to low pressure, and is usually preceded
and accompanied by cloudy weather ami rains.
"Lows" usually first appear on the Washington
cast. Whm the pressure is high in tho interior
end low along tbe coast, and the isobars extend
north and south along the coast, rain is probable;
tut when the "low" Is inclosed with isobars of
marked curvature, rain south of Oregon is improb
able. With a "high" In the vicinity of Idaho, and
tin- pressure falling to the California coast, warmer
weather may be expected in summer and colder
weather in winter. The reverse of these conditions
will produce an opposite result.
WEATHER BUREAU REPORT,
United STATKS Department of AOTICtTL
TIRE, Weather Bureau, SAN Francisco,
April 15, 1806, - p. M— Weather conditions and
general forecast:
Ibe following are the seasonal rainfalls to date
as compared with those of the same date last sea
son: Eureka 43.-7. last season 39.85: Red Bluff
17.19, last season 27.89; San Francisco 17.37, last
season 23.98; Fresno 5.99, last season 13.23; San
Lu*B Obispo 16.88, last season '.'4.97: Los Angeles
8.88, last season 15.56: San Diego 5.80, last season
11.98: Yuma .88, last season 3.01.
'!,«• following maximum temperatures are re
ported from stations in California to-day: Eureka
bo. Bed Blurt 58, San Francisco 51 Fresno 58, San
Lots Obispo .'"'. Los Angeles 64, S-n Diego 62,
Yuma 82.
San Francisco data— Maximum temperature 51,
minimum 43, mean 47.
The following rainfalls are reported during the
past twenty-tour hours in California: Eureka, .14
of an inch: San Francisco',. 14 of an inch.
i "win; to Interruption to telegraph communica
tion no reports have been received this evening j
north of California and Nevada The pressure is
highest this evening at Eureka and lowest in Ari
zona. Brisk northerly winds prevail throughout
California. The skies are cloudy in Nevada and
Utah, out throughout California they are generally
near. The temperatures continue from 10 to 20
degress below the normal in the interior valleys,
and if the sky remains clear during the night se
vere frosts will occur in these sections Thursday
morning. The Injury from the frost of last night
was confined to scattered localities. In many
places the sky became cloudy near morning and
diminished the severity. ■■-.
Forecasts made at San Francisco for thirty hours
ending midnight, April 16, 1896:
Northern California— Fair to-night and Thurs
day; severe frosts In the interior to-night: some
what warmer Thursday In the interior; fresh to
brisk northerly winds.
Southern California— Fair to-night and Thurs
day; probably frost in extreme northern portion
to-night; slightly warmer in north portion Thurs
day; fresh northerly winds.
Nevada — Probably fair Thursday; probably
warmer.
Ltah— Probably fair Thursday.
Arizona— Fair: cooler Thursday.
San Francisco and vicinity — Fair Thursday;
brisk westerly, shifting to northerly, winds.
W. H. Hammon, Forecast official.
NEW YORK MARKETS.
Financial.
NEW YORK. N. Y\, April 15.-The railway
and miscellaneous share market was strong
throughout, although the trading was on a smaller
scale than yesterday. • The transactions were 150,
--900 shares. Probably the best feature of the
market was the increased interest taken in the
railroad issues by commission and foreign houses.
The buying by London firms was confined ma'.nly
to St. Paul and Louisville and Nashville, while
local commission brokers were moderate buyers of
the Grangers, VanderbOta and Consolidated Has.
There were also some investment buying of rail
way mortgages for both home and foreign account.
The advance in sterling exchange had no influ
ence on the market, and it is believed that gold ox
ports are not likely under existing conditions, un
less European bankers should elect to pay an extra
commission.
The gam in prices at one time was equal to 11,4
to is;, per cent, and was most pronounced in
Sugar, Lake iore. Louisville and Nashville, the
Grangers, Western Union, Manhattan, Consoli
dated Gas and Big Four. Sugar sold up to 1-3%,
the highest yet reached, and brokers with msiae
connections bought 4000 shares. Tobacco sold at
71 to 68 and 683 , ex dividend of 2 per cent cash
and 20 per cent scrip, and at 34 to 85^_ and 62U,
cash. Last nitht the stock in the regular wav
closed at 84. There was considerable talk about
enjoining the payment of the scrip dividend, hut
it was olHi'inllv stated that the company had not
been notified of any suit about this matter.
General Electric was rather weak and closed
fractionally lower on ihe day. The annual report
which is expected to-morrow, will show, as already
stated, a balance of 9800.000. It is understood
that no dividend on the preferred will be paid at
tins time. In the closing dealings the Industrials
were inclined to weakness, hut the railway list was
decidedly strong. The market as a rule closed
firm. Net changes show gains of VgtgilVfe per cent -
Bonds were higher. The sales footed up 91,459 -
000. Lhesapenke and Ohio Consolidated Five's
rose :-ti,-g to iOf»i_: Chicago Gas fives. 1 to 92-
Chicago and Northern Pacific fives Certificates'
]i„ t° 47y: East Tennessee Consolidated fives',
1 to 158' ; Kentucky Central Fours, 1 to 90,
Omaha and st. Louis Fours Certificates, 13, ito
44V.; St. Louis southwestern Twos. IV* to ''9l. •
Wabash Twos, 1 1 4 to 75. *'
Ib Government Bonds 9125,500 Coupon Fours
of 1925 brought . B (ill7v_. »""*»"«
Grain.
FLOUR— Quiet, firm: winter wheat, low grades
■ 2 26(32 90: do fair to fancy, $2 86©3 90-'
do patents, $3 90(o t 25: Minnesota clear, 52 60
fa 3 16: do straits, $3@3 50; do patents, $345
ml 35; low extras, *2 25@2 90; city mills
*4 10A4 30: do patents, $4 30@4 50; rye mixture
52 50(a;3 30: superfine, $2<5,3 25; fine. >2@2 30.
Southern flour dull, steady; common to air ex
tra, $2 40@3: good to choice do, C 3@3 30. Rye
Hour doll, steady.
WHEAT- 40(341c.
CORNMEAL— DuII, steady; yellow Western
$2 20@2 25; Brandy wine, $2 20.
RYE— Nominal; Western, 46c. J '■ '''-'•;
BARLEY— Firm; ungraded Western, 39ia41c. •
BARLEY MALT— Quiet: Western. 49@55;.
\\ HEAT— Dull, firmer. No. 2 red. store and
elevator, nominal: afloat, nominal; f. o. b., 781 ;, c 
nngradea red. 6_@B4c: No. 1 Northern, 76c. '
» .prions were ami and firm at Vi@3/ c advance
on firm cables, reports of frost iii California
better West and local covering. May and July
most active. No. 2 red: April, 75c: May, 72y,c-
Jute, 72y 8 c; July and September. 72c; December
<S*%c. '
CoRN- Dull. firm. No. 2, 40c elevator; 41c
afloat. \ v . .; :z ■-.- . -
Options were firm and quiet at i/B@3/s_ advance,
following the West and on locaf 'coding. May
and September most active. April, 37i,_c- May
S65 8 c; July. 371 * c: September, .814-, _*£ *'
i .\ 1 — Firm.
Options dull: firm. May. 243 / _ c
X-^ t ,! inn - *.%,*' "&*«' S * * wbite, 26V.C;
£o2 Chicago MV_e: No. 3. 24i/ 2 c: No. 3 M
wl^st'ate"^^ 11 ' 26 ® a «V_c: white do and
FEED BRAN-60@621Ac
MIDDLINGS— «ME7O&
RYE— Feed, •6s^,7oc.
I'rovlslons.
BEEF- Steady, unchanged. Beef hams oulet
$14 60@15: tierced beef, inactive; cit.v'eTt'raVndU
mess, $15<a15 60: cut meats, quiet steady
pounds, *'/ie; shoulders, i^tgii^c; h a ms Bi_
@9c .
.^.•^ I,_Q . lI,P - , , about steady. Western steam
$5 27V_; city, $4 75; May, $5 26. Refined, quiet)
continent, $5 60: South American. S6: compound
4%c. ->> v-:r ~. '» y
PORK— Quiet, steady.
BUTTER— Quiet. State dairy, 9@l6c; do
creamer" do. 16@10V_c; Western dairy, old. 8
@10c; extra fancy, lie: Elglns, 16V_@17c; im
itation creamery, 10y_(_H4c.
CHEESE— FairIy active. State, large, 534
(SilOVic; do, fancy, 10@10Vic: do small, 6@
1034 c; part skims, 3@7c; full skims, 3/4(_i2VaC.
EoGS— Weak: State and Pennsylvania, iiy_@
; ,c; southern. lOi^iaiOS^n: Western fresh,
103 4 (gll]i4c: duck, 10(ct_3c: goose, 25c.
TALLOW— DuII. City, 3 21-32 c; country, 3V_
@3S' 3 c.
COTTONSEED. OlL—^teadv. Crude, 21Va@
22c; yellow, prime, 25y_c: do, off grade, 25 3 /2 (_l
25% c
RESlN— Firmer, good demand. Strained com
mon to good. $1 90.
TURPENTINE— Fair demand, steady, 28y_@
29c.
POTATOES— OId, weak; new, fairly active: un
changed.
RlCE— Firm, fairly active. Domestic fair to
extra, 3@s^4c; Japan, 4@4fAC.
MOLASSES— Fair demand, firm. New Orleans
open kettle, pood to Choice, 27®37C
COFFEE—Barely steady, 16 points down to 6
points up. April, $13 10: May, $13 05@T3 16;
June, $12 70®12 80: July, $32 40@J2 hO; Au
gust, *1196: September, $11 65f0>1l 70; Octo
ber, $11 35@11 40: December, $10 90@11 05:
March. $10 80(a>10 90. Spot Rio dull, firm. No.
7. 137 /B e. ~.
SUGAR— Raw firm, dull; fair refining, 33,4®
3%c; centrifugals 96 test, 4V_@4^_c Refined,
fairly active, firm. Off A 4 1 5- 1 S VgC ; mold A,
l^ic; standard A, 2 c; confectioners' A,63/ 8 c;
cut loaf and crushed, 6y s c; powdered, 6*jic; gran
ulated, 6y_c; cubes, 4 c.
Fruit and Produce.
CALIFORNIA FRUITS
ALMONDS—Soft-Shell, a @Bc; do paper-shell,
ll@iac.
APRICOTS— Bags, 8y 2 @l2c.
PEACHES— PeeIed. 12@15c; do unpeeled, 6%
@Be.
PRUNES— Four sizes. 6c.
RAISINS— Three-crown Muscatel, a c; do four
crown, 4®sc; do London layers, 80®90c; do Clus
ters, $1 20(ffil 40.
WALNUTS— Standard. 6y 2 (al7c; do soft-shell,
B¥*@loc.
HOPS— State common to choice, 2v_©Bc;
Pacific Coast. 2%@Bc.
WOOL— Quiet, firm; domestic fleece, 16@22c;
pulled, 15®33c; Texas, 9@l2c.
Merchandise.
PIG IRON— Moderate demand: American, $11
@13 50.
COPPER— Nominal: Lake. $11.
LEAD- F.nsv; domestic, $3 05.
TlN— Dull: straits. $13 26@13 35; plates mod
erately active.
SPELTER- Quiet: domestic. $4 10@4 16.
CHICAGO MARKETS.
CHICAGO, 111., April 15.— Volume of trade
in wheat was noticeably smaller to-day than it has
been for some time. The shyness of the outside to
take a hand is plainly apparent, the market de
pending on scalping and local operations for Its
action. There were reports in California to hand
this morning, on which prices managed to appreci
ate slightly at the opening, but the news and
weekly weather bulletins of the other states gave
a more encouraging account of crop conditions,
and the early gain disappeared on the intelligence.
Receipts at Chicago were eleven cars, and 97,933
bushels were withdrawn from store.
The Northwest had 349 cars against 314 last
Wednesday and 194 a year ago. Liverpool cables
were quiet ana steady. Closing advices from the
Continent did not show much change from yester
day. A rally took place In the latter portion of the
session, some wheat being covered at the time
presumably for the account of Pard ridge, who is
very ill. Export clearances were light at 176,608
bushels. May opened from tiSVJc to 65V_c, sold
ween 04. r . 8 and 656/ c, closing at 65y_c. 2 (a,
$_c higher than yesterday. Estimated receipts for
to-morrow 20 cars.
CORN— Dullness was the most noticeable attri
bute of the corn market to-day. Commission
houses were doing but little and the pit traders and
scalpers found scant opportunities for turning a
fraction. Moderate fluctuations corresponding in
direction with the movement of wheat prices took
place, though the amounts traded in were ex
tremely light. Receipts were 112 cars and 181,999
bushels were withdrawn from store. Liverpool
cables were V_d higher. Export clearances were
240,133 bushels. May corn opened at 30ygC, sold
between 30c and 30Vi@303 / _c, closing at 30* _@
30 1 _c, a shade over yesterday. Estimated receipts
for to- morrow 170 cars.
OATS— Were stagnant through most of the ses
sion. Occasional short periods of Indifferent ac
tivity were en, a rally or break In whe it seem
in-' to awaken traders from the stupor of dullness.
Receipts were 117 cars and 145,535 bushels were
taken from store. -Jay closed unchanged from yes
terday. Estimated receipts for io-morrow, 190
cars.
FLAX— Was firm. Cash, 92c; May, 895.4 c; July,"
92c bid; September, 9HV<_@9oS_c. Receipts were
15 cars.
PROVISIONS— The receipts of hogs were large
this morning, over 6000 more than expected arriv
ing. This could have but one result on prices at
the yards and, in the natural order of things, on
product. An easier tone and a decline were noted
at the opening. Tbe closing strength of wheat
helped product to some extent. May pork closed
-'V_c lower, May lard unchanged and May ribs
2i/_c higher.
Closing Prices.
WHEAT— 65c; May. 65y_c; July, 663/
66i'oC
CORN— April, 295/ B @29S4c: May, 30V8&30V4C;
July, 3iys@3iy4C.
ATS— May, 193,4 c; July, 20y_c; September,
2014 c.
PORK— May, $8 57%; July, $8 77y_.
LARD— May, $5; July, $6 12%.
RIBS— $4 40; July, $4 56.
Livestock.
UNION STOCKYARDS, 111., April 15.—Re
ceipts of cattle were moderate to-day. The demand
was good and prices recovered 10c of the recent
loss. The arrivals of hogs were away above the
expectations, and under the circumstances prices
declined 5(o>10c. The demand was fair. Heavy
receipts of sheep resulted in a decline of 10c in the
market-
CATTLE — Receipts, 9000. Fancy beeves,
$4 4 05 4 50: choice to prime, 1300 to 1700 pound
steers, $4 1 aids I 35: good to choice steers, 1200
to 1600 pounds. $3 90®4 10; medium steers, 1000
to 1300 pounds. $3 70®3 85: common steers. 950
to 1300 pounds. $3 s Owr 3 65; choice leeders.
900 to 1150 pounds, $3 50@3 90: common to good
stockers. $2 90t$3 50: bulls, choice to extra. S3®
3 35: bulls, poor to choice. $2(3,2 90; cows and
heifers, extra. $3 60®3 85; cows, fair to choice,
$2 50@3 50: cows, poor to good can tiers. $1 60®
2 45: veal calves, good to choice, $4 26,0)4 80:
calves, common to good, $3@4; Texas fed
steers. $3@3 90: Texas bulls, oxen and cows,
$2 25@3 50; milkers and springers, per head, $20
®40. _
HOGS— Receipts,. 32.ooo. Heavy packing and
shipping lots. $3 45@3 65: common to choice
mixed. $3 £o®3 86: choice assorted, $3 h5(_,4;
light, $3 60@4; pigs, $3@4.
SHEEP— Receipts. 14.000. Inferior to choice,
$2 6033 80: lambs, $3 25_>4 60.
NEW YORK STOCKS.
Bonds, Exchange, Money and Railroad
Shares.
Money on rail has been easy at 3@3 ' : last loan
at 3% and closing offered at 3%. Prime mercantile
pacer, 6V_(_!6v Bar sliver, 67V'2C* Mexican dollars,
6334 c. tuning exchange firm, with actual busi
ness in -augers' bills at $4"87 8 /i@4 88 for 60
days and $4 86 1 / a @4 868/4 for demand. Posted
rate*. $4 fcUVi'^ 4 89 V_- Commercial bdls, 34 86%
i.vi 87 1 .. Government bonds firm; State bonds
dull; rauroad bonds strong. Silver at the board
was quiet.
CLOSING STOCKS.
Am Tel & Cable.... 831/21 Norfolk & Wes".... i/ 2
Atchison- *_4w Preferred. 65/,,
Preferred a 5 Northern Paclflo.. ly_
Adams Express. ..l 46 I Preferred 103/.
Alton, Terre Haute. 58 INortnwesiern I°4V_
American Express. 113 1 Preferred 14.,
American Tobacco. 68 8 /»N. X. Central 8634
Preferred 96 N.Y. Chicago tt l*y_
Bay State Gas...-. 19 | Istpreferred 78
Baltimore <£ Ohio.. 18% J. 2d Preferred. 345,6
Brunswick Lands,. , 4_ £• £. *■ N. H... 174
Buffalo, Boch Jt P. 16 IN. Y .<fc New Eng. 48y_
Canada Pacific... 67 ,N. - . Su»q <fe W._, 8V 2
Canada Southern.. *'03/ 8 | Preferred 24
Canton Land - Ontario. l4y_
Central Paclflo.... la * untarioA Western. l 4 7/
Cbes.A Ohio. 1.3* Oregon Improvmt, 1
Chicago Alton 154 Preferreu. — .
Preferred 1 70 Oregon Navigation. 22
Chicago, B. A «.... 7aV_lOrecon Short Line. *Vs
Chicago <_ E. 1U... 40y | Pacific Man 271/4.
Preferred. K'O Peona. D.A Evans. 2y_
Chicago was... «3 % Pittsburg A W pfd. lb
Cleve& Pittsburg. 160 Pullman Pa1ac0.,,168
Consolidation Coa_ 5,0 Quicksilver- _, lyi
Consolidated Gas.. l 7 Preferred. _. 15
C. CCA Su Louis. 36V4lBeaome 12v
Preferreu. 85 BloUrande AWesta 18'
Colo. Fuel A Iron.. 30y_ Preferred. 45
Preferred 1«10 Bock Island 71%
Cotton OU Cert.... 14y_ Rome Wat AOgdenll4y a
Commercial Cable. 1- 8 tt. L. «& 8. » 47' 8
Bel. Hudson 127 j Preferred. Ois/,
Del.L_ckAWesteralA9 ft.Paul 76v->
Denver* li.v _2y_ Preferred 126y.
Preferred.... 48 St. Paul A Buluth. 24
Planners .. ls»/g Preferred 87
General Eleciric... 37V. 6t. Paul A Omaha- 39V_
trie 143.' Preferred 122 V,
Preferred 88% B *. P. M. &M. 109 V.
Fort Wayne 160 Silver Certtncates.. 675/ 8
GrestNort-hern Southern Pacific... 191,,
Green Day **_ boumern K. R..._, 91..
Harlem 29 a 1 Preferred. 3o
Rocking Coal - 3 -4 bu_ar Refinery.... 12314
Hocking Valley... I*4 Preferred. 102i 4
Homestake 30 Term. Coal 4 Iron. 313^.
H. A Texas Cent-. -V_ Preferred 100
Illinois Central.... 91 V a Texas Paciflc Bs/.
lowa Central 8:1,4 I ol.A.A.it N.MiCh.—
Preferred......... 37 n 01. A Ohio Con-.. 35
Kansas <* Texas.-. UL_ Preferred 73
Preferred.... 27 lol.St. Louts *__*_, 6V_
Kingston & Pern... • 3 Preferred 10
Lake Erie * West a 18 1 Union Paclflo 8V 3
Preferred 70V4 U P.. Den. A Uuit as,?
Lace shore 148 0.& Corda^...„ — 47/-
National Lead...... 25 Preferred _. 93,°
Preferred _, 89 • Guaranteed....... 19-/*
Long Islana.. 81 I. S. Express...... 39
Louisville & Nash. 51 14 D. S. Leather. ... — B\_
Louisville NaA Ch. \ By_ Preferred......... 6\il
Preferred Ml 2 l IT. S. Rubber 27
Manhattan Consot. 11 1%! Preferred 84
Mempnis & Charts. 15 Utlca AB. River.. lso
Mexican Central... 934! SVab. 8. L. _; Pao.. 7
Michigan Central.. Ssy_ Preferred — . ISV«
JJlnn <__._, Wells-Fargo. _. 98
Preferred. , Western Union.... Bi^' 8
I Minn, a st. L com. 2014 Wis Centra, a»i
Istpreferred 79 Wheeling «t I_ __. »i^
2d preferred....-, 5134 ! Preferred. 32y_
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, APRIL 16, 1896.
Missouri Pacific... _5i/ B |Am Cotton OU vta. 67
Mobile di Ohio 'ii |W V Beef 73/ 4
Nashville Chatt.... 68 Ann Arbor 9
National Linseed., l^l Preferred 2>Va
N.J. Central 107 Va Brooklyn Traction. 22
North American... 5 1 *
CLOSIX- BONDS.
UP 4s. ree lUBV. M X T 2ds 6XJ 4
80, 4« coupon... 09 i 80.45. 84*4
VS 4s new reg 116 ' Mutual Union fls... lit
80, 4s coupon... 1 17 l_ J Cent Gen .118
Ba 2s 95 '"[Northern Pac lstall4»^
80, Cs 1121,4! 80, 2ds HOVa
80. 6s coupon.... 11 Do. 3ds 74»/4
Cherokee 4s. 1896.100 "j Northwest Consols. i:-> 9
80.1897- 100 I Bo.debSs 108 V
80. 1898 100 OBAN lsts 109%
80. 1899 100 SiLAlronMtGenSs 77f|_
Pacific 6s 0f '95.... — - IStL ASF Gen 6». 107
B.C. 8-6 65........ 109V4' St Paul Consols ...128
Ala Class A 4 106 St. P. C. &Pa lsts. 11634
80. Class 84. 6s. 10 > ' 80. lac Ca! lsts.. 107
la 1. 01.301 98 Southern R. R. ss. 91 V 4
Missouri funding..— ! Texas Pacific firsts sHVs I
N Carolluaoon 69.. 1-2 1 Texas Pac seconds. 28%
80, Xa 103 ji:nionPaclßtor96.lo4'4
Fo Carolina 4^5... 106 West Shore 4s 1053,4
Tennnewss 86 | Mobile* Ohio 45.. 66
Va funding deot... 6044 R Grande West lata 74V_
80, reg |ChesAo 6s 10f>
80. deterred 65... 6 I Atchison 4s 79
80. trust rcDts st 5 1 /_l 80. 2ds A..- 26V_
Canada South 205.. 104 ,G H&S A6s 105
ten Pac lsts or '95 100 I 80. 2d 7s. 100
Ben A R G Ist 113Va B A Tex Cent 65.. 108
80. ca 86V l Bacon Cs it'S 1 .
Erie2ds 64V2 Reading 4s 79V-
Kansas Pa Consols 73-/4 Missouri Ua 100
KaPai.u Beudivlo9 I
FOREIGN MARKETS.
WHKAT IN I.IVEBPOOL.
LIVERPOOL, Ess., April 15.— spot market
Is steady at 6s 7i/_d@ss By d. Cargoes neglected
at 27s 9d arrived.
rnTUEKS.
The Produce Exchange cable gives the following
Liverpool quotations for No. 2 Red Winter: April,
6563, id; May, 6s 7d; June, 5s 7d; July, 6s 7d;
August, 5s 7d.
SECURITIES.
LONDON, End.. April 15.— Consols, 110 15-16;
silver, 30% d: French Rentes, lOlf 20c.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange. 60 days — 84 88
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 89y_
Sterling -Cables — 4 90
New York Exchange, sight — 05
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 10
Fine Silver. ty, ounce — 67V a
Mexican Dollars 54% 6614
PEODUCE MARKET.
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT— The Samaritan takes for Cork 76,379
ctls, valued at $84,000; Buteshire, for Hull, 18,
--696 ctls at $20,720.
The market shows no change. No. 1, $1 07y_@
1 10;cuoice, $1 11V4: lower grades, ?I@l 06y_;
extra choice for milling, $1 16@1 22y .
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Skssion — 10 o'clock — December
600 tons, B] 083 fc; 700. $1 08V_. Seller, '96, new,
storage -aid— loo, $1 Ofti_.
Reoi'ub Mobning skssion— December— loo
tons. $1 08y a : 300, $1 083/g. May— 4oo. $1 073,4.
Aftkrnoon Session May— 4oo tons. $1 OH;
100. $1 08Vs. December — 300, $1 08 ; 600,
»1 086/ 8 . Seller. '96, new, storage paid — 100,
$1 053/ 8 .
BARLEY— Shipment of 48,783 ctls Brewing,
valued at $45,609, to England.
The market, shows no change.- Feed, 683 A(&
71 Vie %> ctl: choice, 72y_@7334c fl ctl; Brewing,
80@87y c
call boabd sales.
Informal Session — December — 300 tons,
73V_c
Reoulab Mornins Session— December— 0
tons. 73y 8 c
Aftkrnoon Session — December — 200 tons,
73y c.
OATS— Fair demand on jobbing account at steady
prices. Milling, 76@82V2c; fancy Feed, 82y>@
87 Vic: good to choice, 75(a80c; common to fair,
67V_@72y a : Gray, 72y @80c; Surprise. 90c<o;$l
fl CU.
CORN— Steady at the quotations. Large Yellow,
87v_(ffi90c: Small Bound do, 97y>c@$l; White,
HJto^T l 2 %'l ctl. ■
BYE— Lower and weak at 76i..@755/4c fl ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— DuII and lower 35<&90cfs ctl.
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFS.
FLOUR— Net cash prices are as follows: Family
extras, $3 76@3 85: Bakers* extras, $3 55@3 65;
superfine. $2 75 @3 fi bbl.
CORNMEAL, ETC.— Feed Corn, $20@20 50;
Cracked Corn, $21 fl ton.
MILLSTUFFS-Prices In 10-tt) sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham Flour,
25,4 c; Rye Flour. 3Vic; Rice Flour, 7i_e: Corn
meal, 234@3c; extra cream do, 3y>c; Oatmeal,
3&4o; Oat Groats, 4y 2 c: Hominy, 4@4V_c; Buck
wheat Flour, 4c; Cracked Wheat, a c; Purina,
a c: Whole Wheat Flour, 3c: Rolled' Oats, 4'■ 2 -:
Pearl Barley, 4y 2 c: Split Peas, 43,4 c; Green do,
sV_c fl lb.
HAY AND FEEDSTUFFS.
BRAN— sl4@l4 60 fl ton.
MIDDLINGS— SI7@IB fl ton for lower grades
and $18 60@19 50 fl ton for the best.
FEEDSTUFFS — Rolled Barley, $16@16 50;
Oilcake Meal at the mill, *20 fl ton; jobbing, $21;
Cottonseed oilcake, $21 fl ion.
HAY— Receipts, though moderate, are sufficient.
Wheat, $8(<tll 50 fl ton: Oat, $B@9 fl ton; Wheat
and Oat. $S®11; Barley, $7@9: Alfalfa, *7@9;
Clover, $6@B 50; Compressed, «7@lo 60; Stock.
$6<g.7 fl ton.
STRAW— fl bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
BEANS— AII kinds show some change, and gen
erally in the direction of lower prices. Bayos, 90c@
$1 fl ctl; Small Whites, $1 26@1 50; Pea, $1 25®
$1 60 ctl: Large Whites, $I@l 10 f! ctl: Pink,
90c@$l; Reds, $1 10; Plackeye. $1 40(o 1 60: Red
Kidney, nominal; Limas, $2 45@2 60; Butters.
$1 25(^1 60.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard is quotable at $1 60<a
2 25 fl ctl; Trieste, $2(0.2 50; Yellow Mustard.
$1 40(_il 60; Flax, $1 70(_il 80; Canary, 23: c %
tt>; Alfalfa, a <S,9V_c fl lb; Rape, 2V_c ft lb-
Hemp. 3i.»c lii lb.
DRIED PEAS-$1 25@1 40 fl ctl for Niles and
$1 25@1 45 for Green.
POTATOES, ONIONS, VEGETABLES.
POTATOES— New Potatoes, 75c@$l ; River Bur
banks, 25(£35c ft. sack; Oregon Burbanks, 55@65c
fl ctl; Oregon Garnet Chiles, 80c; Early Rose, 30®
40c: Petaluma and Tomales, 40@50c f! sack-
Humboldt Burbanks, 50@65c ft cti.
ONIONS— SoId yesterday at Sl 7,")(ffi2fl ctl.
VEGETABLES— ArrivaIs were 882 boxes As
paragus and 569 boxes Rhubarb and 474 sacks
Peas.
Asparagus continues to weaken. The other lead
ing descriptions show no particular change. No
Bos Angeles Tomatoes here at the moment.
Egg Plant, 12® 15c fl lb; Summer Squash, 10c
%i lb; Mexican Tomatoes, $1 60®2 50 fl box; Los
Angeles Tomatoes fl box: Cucumbers, 50®
75c f. doz; Asparagus, $I@l 50 fl box for ordi
nary and $1 75@2 25 for extra; Rhubarb, 35®
75c; Dried Peppers. 10@12y a c: Green Peppers 20c;
Green Peas, a ®2y 2 c; string Beans, 8(0,1 a_;
Dried Okra, 1-V 2 c; Cabbage, 40c fl ctl; Ganlc,
6@6c fl Ib; Marrowfat Squash. fl ton.
BUTTER, CHEESE AND EGGS.
BUTTER— No lower, but weak and plentiful.
Creamery — Fancy, 14c; seconds, 13®13iAc
f> lb. va
Dairy— Fancy, 12 V_" V> lb; good to choice, 12c;
lower grades, 1 iy a c.
Eastern— Nominal.
CHEESE Fancy mild, new, 9c; common to
good, 7®BV_c:* Cream Cheddar, 10@llc; Young
America, 9®loc; Western, 10@llc; Eastern, 12®
14c fl lb.
EGGS— Trices advanced again yesterday. The
demand is good. Store Eggs, 12V_@13y 2 c; ranch
Eggs, 14®15c; Buck Eggs, 15@16c fl doz.
POULTRY AND GAME.
POULTRY— Turkeys are weaker. Old Roosters
and Hens are slow and weak. A good many very
small Broilers are being sent in. and such stock
goes very cheap. Live Turkeys are quoted at
13@14cfi tt> for Gobblers, lS@l4c fi lb for Hens:
oressen Turkeys, 14c fl lb; Geese fl pair,
$1 25®2; Ducks, $4 60®5 60 fl dO7. for old and
$7 50(0^ 50 for young: liens, $4(g>4 60; Boosters,
young, $7 60@8 50: do, old, $4j_ri 60; rycrs. $fc_t
6 60; Broilers. ?4(*6 for large and $2@2 60 for
small; Pigeons, $1 50@2 for young and $1 50®
1 76 for old.
GAME— Hare, 75c@l fl doz; Rabbits $1 25 for
Cottontails and $I@l 25 fl doz for small.
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
APPLES— SI 50®2 fl box for good to choice,
if 1 ■■! I 25 for common to fair, and $2 25 _.2 50 for
fancy.
CHERRIES— A few from the Sacramento River
brought 92 50 fl box.
BERRlES— Receipts of Strawberries were 294
chests, selling at $s(gi. per chest for Longworths
and (3«i,4 50 for large berries.
CITRUS FRUITS— 60c@»l 60 V, box
for Seedlings, $2 25@3 60 for Navels and $2(_)3 for
Malta Bloods; Lemons, 75c_>$l 50 for common
and $.'@2 50 for good to choice; Mexican Limes,
$5 sU(_,ti; California Limes, $1; Bananas, $I@2
fl bunch; Pineapples are nominal.
DRIED FRUITS, RAISINS, NUTS, ETC.
DRIED FRUITS— The following nominal prices
rule on the Fruit Exchange: ::-:"•;• ' '
Carload Lots— Apples, lV a a c fl lb for quar
tered, 2@3c 'i< tt) for sliced and 4Vic Tfr lb for evap
orated; Peaches, 3y a @4c "j< lb and 6L_@6c,for
fancy; peeled in boxes. 12c: Apricots, 7^@By ? c
for prime to choice, 9V a c for fancy and 10_>llc %
lb for fancy Moorpark: Figs, black, 2 Vac for nu
pressed; White Figs, 4@sc In sacks; Pears 7c fl
tt> for evaporated halves, 4@6y_c^l lb for quarters;
Prunes, 3V4@3V_c: Hums, 4c fl lb for pitted and
2 (_l2y_c foruupitted: Nectarines, 5(_,6c j> lb for
prime 10 choice and 6 _c for fancy.
Jobbing Prices— Evaporated Apples. 4@4V_c
■£ 11.; sun-dried, a @2c fl lb: Peaches, 3@4c fl lb
and 60 f. lb far fancy: peeled In boxes, 10@12y_c;
Prunes, 4c for four sizes, 6c for 40@50's and 6c
for 50<ga50's: Apricots 6(g,9 1 ,_c for prime to choice,
iO@llc for .fancy Moorpark: Figs, black, 3V_#
2:i. c; White Figs, 3@sc: Pears, 6V_c for evapoi
ated halves and 3@sV_c for quarters; '■ Plums,
3 y a @4c for pitted and I@l Vac for unfitted; Nec
tarines. 4@sc "$ lb for prime to choice."
RAISINS AND DRIED GRAPES-Pnces are
as follows, ; carload lots, f. o. b. San Francisco :
London layers, 85@90c f\ box; four-crown, loose,
3:; 4 c fl lb; three-crown, loose, 2y_c fl lb; two
crown, 2c; seedless Sultanas, 33,4@4c: seedless
S_22SS_ el *' 2 V_@23 / 4c; three-crown London layers,
' i?©;* 1 ? 0 : clusters, $1 35@1 50: Dehesa clusters,
I $- 10(0,2 25; Imperial clusters, $2 60@2 75; Dried
Grapes. 2V a c fl lb. ■:...•.
[ JoBB '?',° Prices — Four-crown loose, 3c: 3-
I crown 2V4@2y c: 2-crown, 13 / i@2c. Seedless Sul-
I tanas, /4 (i;4 C; seedless _ lus ' ,els. 2y 2 c: 3-crown
London layers, 75@90c; clusters, $1 40(g)l 50:
, Dehesa clusters, $2 25: Imperial clusters, $2 75;
: Dried G rones, 2c.
; NUTS-ihennuts are quotable at 6(SBc fl lb:
. \V alnuts. b@loc for No. 1 hard and 10®12c for pa-
I per, jobbing lots; Almonds, 6®7y->c for Languedoc
and 8i /2 ,@10c for paper-shell, jobbing; Peanuts, 5®
: 6c for Eastern and 3y_@4V_C for California: Hick
: or y, Nuts, S@6c; Pecans, 6c for rough and He for
1 polished: Filberts. S@9c: Brazil Nuts, 7V_@Bc fl
! n> l,r',v_. a _? uts ' .$4 50 5 § 100.
HONEY— Comb is quotable at 10@12c fl lb for
, bright and f.,ij.cic ft rti for lower {trades; water
white extracted. sl_)sX_c « lti; light amber ex
! lT^3'i\ A ® /* c - amber. 4c; dark, 2@3c.
BEESWAX-21@27c fl lb.
PROVISIONS.
CURED MEATS-Bacon, 6c fl lb for heavy, 7c fl
lb for light medium, 9c fl lb for light, 10c for extr:i i
light and 12c fl lb for sugar-cured : Eastern Sugar
cured Hams, liy 2 c; California Hams. 10c fl lb;
Mess Beef, $8 fl bbl; extra mess do, $8 60: fam
ily do, $10: extra prime Pork, $9 fi bbl; extra
clear, $14 fl bbl: mess, $13 fl bbl; smoked Beef,
10c fl lb. . •
LARD— Eastern, tierces is quoted at 6V_c ifl lb
for compound a d 6%c for pure: pails, 7y 2 c: Cali
fornia tierces, 5y 2 c for compound and t.i.ic- for
re; half-bbls, 7c; 10-lb tins, 7y_c; do 5-tb, 8c
f* lb.
■cOTTOLENE-63,4c in tierces and 7%c * Ib in
10-tt) tins.
HIDES, TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPS.
HIDES AND SKINS — Heavy salted steers
are quotable at SV_@7c fl lb; culls and brands,
sV_@6c; medium, sy_@6c; culls and brands, 41/2
@sc: light, sc; culls and brands, 4c; Cowhides, 6c
fl Ib: culls and brands, 4c; salted Kip, 5c fl Ib;
salted Calf. 8c fl lb; salted Veal, 6c; dry Hides, 9
®10c; culls and brands ,7y 2 c: dry Kip and Veal.
B®9c; etuis. 6y 2 c; dry Calf, 16c; culls, 10c; Goat
skins, 20®35c each; Kids, sc; Deerskins, good
summer, 25@30c; medium. 15@25c: winter, 10c;
Sheepskins, shearlings, 10@15c each; short wool,
20@36c each ; medium, 40@50c each; long wools,
65c each. Culls of all kinds about i/-.c less.
TALLOW— No. 1, rendered, 3%_@4c; No. 2, 3c;
refined. 5y 2 @53 / ic; Grease, 2y 2 c # lb.
WOOL— We quote Spring Nevada, 7@9c; San
Joaquin and Southern Coast, 6 months, 4®6c fl lb;
San Joaquin, foothill, good to choice, 7_jßc; San
Joaquin, year's fleece, 4y 2 @6y 2 c.
HoPs— Nominal quotations are 2@4c fl tt).
Offers to sell good Hops at 2y 2 c meet with no re
sponses from buyers.
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags, June-July delivery,
$4 25: San Quentin, $4 20; Wool Bags, 24y @
26y a c.
COAL— Wellington, $8 f> ton: New Wellington,
$8 fi ton: Southfleld Wellington, 87 60 fi ton;
Seattle. $5@5 60; Bryant, $5 50; Coos Bay, $4 50;
Wallsend, $6 60; Scotch, $7 50; Brymbo, $7 60;
Cumberland, $13 50 in bulk and $15 in sks;
Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $13; Welsh An
thracite Egg, ; cannel, $8: Rock Springs,
Castle Gate and Pleasant Valley. $7 60; Coke,
$10 60 in bulk and $12 60 fl ton in sacks.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refinery Company
has advanced its prices and now quotes as fol
lows, terms net cash : Cube, Crushed, Powdered
aud Fine Crushed, all 6V_c; Dry Granulated, 57 /a c;
Confectloneis' A, 6%c; Magnolia A, sV_c: Extra
C, 6V_c; Golden C, 6c: half-barrels, V_c more
than barrels, and boxes y 2 c more.
SYRUP-Golden, in bbls, 15c; Black Strap. 10c
fl gal. .
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
Wholesale rates for dressed stock from the
slaughterers are as follows:
Bfc-EF— First quality, sy_c; second do, 4V_@sc;
third do, a @4c $ tb.
VEAL— Large, 6@6c; small, 6(gi7c fl Hi.
MUTTON— Wethers, tic: Ewes. 5y.,c fl lb.
LAMB— Spring Lamb. 7c f> lb.
PORK— Live Hogs, BQ_§b3%c ft tt) for large and
3%_ for small and medium: dressed do, 6y a @
6c _4 lb.
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
FOB 24 HOURS.
Flour, or. sks 8,556 Bran, sks _ 507
Oregon 4.4071 Middlings, ska. 332
Washington 1,571 Butter, ctls 313
Wheau ctls 1.165 Cheese, ctls 371
Oregon 450 Eggs, doz 11,400
Barley, ctls 3,775 Leather, r0115. ..... 8
Oats, ctls. 42(! Hifles, no 172
Oregon 1,465 Felts, bdls.. .. 120
Corn, ctls 310 Wool, bis 430
Beans, ska 1,439 Washington 69
Potatoes, sks- 372 Wine, gas 29.940
Oregon 3,480 Quicksilver, flasks 77
Onions, ska _ 2t> Flaxseed, Wsh, sk 169
Oregon 711 Chicory, bbls 30
Ray, ions. „ 313^ Raisins, bxs 1,500
THE STOCK MARKET.
Ophlr continued on the down grade yesterday,
selling from 86c to 83c. The other Comstocks
were weak. The Bodies were somewhat higher.
On the Stock and Bond Exchange the sugar
stocks were strong, as will be seen by the quota
tions.
The following monthly dividends were paid by
local corporations yesterday: San Francisco Gas
35c, Oakland Gas 26c, Edison Light and Power
662/_c, Pacific Telephone and Telegraph 30c and
Sunset Telephone and Telegraph 20c. Quarterly
dividends were also paid by the following cor
porations: Bank of California $3. Nevada Bank
$1 50, Sutler-street Railroad Company a l 25, Pa
cific Surety Company 2 per cent and California
Safe Deposit 7ae.
The California Title Insurance and Trust Com
pany has declared a dividend of lV'a per cent for
the Quarter ending March 31.
The annual meeting of the Church Gold-mining
Company has been declared for May 4.
The Tnllant Banking Company has re-elected
the old board of directors, with John I). Tallant as
president, Frederick W. Tallant vice-president and
John Dempster McKee secretary.
In the Alta mine the raise from the south drift,
820 level, in the Keystone vein is up 60 feet, the
top being in quartz of low assay value. The south
drift in the east vein, same level, ta in material
carrying a little good ore, which is b 'ing saved.
The Anaconda Copper-mining Company of
Butte, Mont., has declared a dividend of 6234.C
per share, equal to 10 per cent per annum, payable
May 1. Hereafter lt is expected that semi-annual
dividends will be declared in April and October.
BOARD SALES.
Following were the saiei in the San Franolsoo
Btocit Board yesterday:
BKKUI.AB MOBNINO SESSION COMMENCING 9:30.
250 B& 8... .46:300 Ophlr 86:500 Potosi. .21
100Cha11ng,..22 60 86 400 Savage.. ..26
400 Ch011ar....34 600 84400 35
60 Conti 701100 0vrmn.. ..08,100 Seg Bet... 13 j
50 Mexican. 30 400 300 S Nev... .66
400 Occid..... 200 Potosi 22 60 V Jackt...29
200 92 I
AKTKBNOON SESSION— 2:3O.
400 Alta 06' 50 Conti 70 600 Potosi 20
200 Belcner...4oj3oo HAN. ..1.20 750 21
450 B <_8....47!.00 Mexican. .3o 100 Nev 65
150 46|900Occidtl. 1000 Uni0n.. .46
100 Bodie 401100 Ophir 84 100 47
100 CC«fcV...1.551200 ...85
Following were tne sales in the Paclflo stock
Board yesterday:
BKOPLAB SESSION— IO:3O.
200 Alpha 061100 C0nfi......70 200 0vrmn....08
700 Alia 07 600 Crwn PL..30 700 P0t05i.... .21
300 Ande5.. ..25 500 32 800 _2
«90 8e1cher... 39|4 00 OA C 20 400 Savage... .27
300 40500 K&Nl.22y 1000 Scorpiono2
300 BAB 46500 Justice.. ..o3:2oo 58«_M....13
200 Bodie 43500 Keutuck..o3;4oo S Nev 66
200 8u11i0n.. .02|100 Mexican..3l,6oo Union C...46
400 Challn-...22 400 3-11200 Utah. ...03
600 1ar... 35 400 Occid 92 300 V Jacket.
460CCaV1.57V.1200 911500 30
700 1.60600 Ophlr 86!
AFTERNOON SESSION— 2 :30.
300 Ande5. ...25400 C P0int. ...30 400 Savage. ..27
200 Belcher.... 200 O& C 20 400 S B &MI2M,
200 B<_ B 46,300 H&N 1.22 V. 300 S Nev 56
'.200 45 400 Mexlcan..3l lOOHJnlon ... 46
100 Bodie 43 200 Mono 12J300 47
200 Bullion... 400 Occd ...: 90,600 *„
200 Challnge..22]2oo Ophlr 84 500 Utah 04
400 Chollar. .34 400 301) V Jacket. .3o
160CCaV1.67i._3UU OvrniD....oß 200 29
60 Conn 300 Potosi 211
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
WEDNESDAY', April 15-4 p. _•. ,
Sid.AsKed.x Sl'l.Axkad.
Alpha Con — 07 Jackson 40 —
Alia 07 08 Julia. 04 05
Andes 25 26 Justice 02 04
Belcher 39 • 40Kentuci_ . — 04
Bast & Belcher- 46 47 Lady Wash.... — 115
Bodie _ 39 Mexican .. 31 32
8u11i0n........ — 03 Mono .......... 10 11
Bulwer _ 28 —Nevada Queen. — 05
Caledonia 03 05 Occidental 90 92
Challenge Coa. 21 22 Ophir 85 86
Chollar 35 36 overman 08 09
Con. CaL <_ Va. 1.55 1.60 Polo* .. - 20 21
ton. Imperial. 01 02 t-avrge 24 , 26
Confidence...- 68 70iJreg. Belcher... 12 13
Con. New one. — 04 Sierra Nevada. 65 '66
Crown Point... 29 30 Scorpion .02 . —
EastSierraNaw — Vi Silver Hi 11...-. 01 02
Exchequer..... 03 04 Syndicate....-, 02 '03
Eureka c0n.... — 26 Union C0n..... 47 48
Gould ACurry. 19 21 Utah 04 06
Hale ANorcrs. 1.20 1.25| Yellow J acnes. 29 30
GOLD MINING EXCHANGE.
100 Amalle 1 80] 1300 Lock wood Con 28
150 1751400. 29
Champion 600... V..... -30
Bid .......1400 Mayflower
000 Grant..-. 25 Bid 100
2600 _6lAsked 1 05
1800 _7 Providence
Grizzly Ridge.. 'Asked 1 . 85 00
Bid 08200 Savannah 42
Kennedy....... 200 43
Bid ......12 50:500 44
Asked... 14 00:200 45
Keystone - Thorpe
8id...... 63 00 Asked 90
LOCAL SECURITIES.
Bid 100 Oceanic Steamship 24 00
Bid 2 Humboldt Bank 1100 00
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
WEDNESDAY, April 15-2 P. M.
i NIT— D BTAT-— BONOS.
Mid. Asked.] Bit. Asfcad.
V 8 4s coup.. loßV, — US 4s re_...loßy« —
Do. new 15...116y a — I
MISOh '.M.ANKOITH no N-n*.
Cal-slCbleSs. lll34ll3 ! Do. 2d Iss 6s. — —
CalElecLßs.llo — !PAORyGs.IOS 120
CntraCWss. 93 95" ;P&Chßv6s- — 107y 3
Dpnt-stex-cp 77 95 Pwl-st.RR6_ — 116y
EdsnLAP 68.112 — Reno. LAB — 105
FACHRR6S. — 1061 River W Co6s - 100
Gearv-stßss. 2 - iPactoP A L..100 10-3/
LosAneL6s. - 103 SFANPRRBeIOi 102V_
Do.Gnted.6s. — 103 ibPßßAriztSs 94 95
Mkt-stC_le6jl_3 - i_PRRCaI6a.. 107y a —
BoßyConss..lo6y_lo6y 2 SPilßCal&s- - —
N'evCN"gß7s. 95 - ; SPBrRCal6i 97y» 98y a
N PCRR6s.IOSV_ — 'sVWaterßs.. — J2Oy 2
NRy Cal6s.loll_lo3 SVWater4s._ 993,4100
Ry Cal 6s. — - StktnUAEtti — lOOVa
Oak Gas 55.. 100 104y 2 SunstT&T6_ 100 —
Do. 2d Iss 6s. 103 — lsutter-stßss.no —
Omnibus 6a. 118*4 - V-udiaWCß- — 9_
Pac1t.011.3165.. — — I
water STOCK*. •' -
Contra Costa 36 40 iSanJoso 75 100
Marin C 0.... 49 - | Spring Valley 100 y 8 -
1 A* r-TOCKS.
Capital — 39% Pacific Light. 44 48
Central 95 — ban francsco 831 A —
OakGLJtH. 6234 63Vi: Stockton..... - 2iy_
Pac (i as Imp. 823/ 3 __%|
INS-BAN ik STOCK?.
FiremansFd.l7o — (bun 40 —
COMM-RCIAI, BANK KTO"K«.
AmerRATC — — ILondonPAA. 128 —
Anglo-Cal... — 60 LondonASF. — 27V_
Bank of Ca1..236y 2 237 IMereh Ex-.. la —
CaISDATCa. 55 67 Nevada — —
FirstNatioiU. 178 1 82 y 2 i ßather 800- — —
Grangers.... — — j
SAVINGS BANK STOCK*.
GerßALCo..l4oo — A Loan.. — 101
HnmbSAL.llOO 1450 Security — 260
Mutual 38 39 Union Trust — 816
bFSavUnion — 490
bTBKKT RAILROAD STOCK-
California... 110 ill Oak.SL&Hay — 100
Geary-at 60 7' V 3 Presidio..— . — 9
Market-5t.... 46V_ 46% Sultor-st. — —
row Ml STOCKS.
Atlantic D... 16y_ - — 1 JudHori _, — —
California.... - 98 Vlgorit. 40c 1
Giant. 18y 2 19y 3 l . .
M lNt;_I,l,A-N i-otN STOCKS.
Alaska Pkrs. 90 95 OceanicSSCo 24 24%
BlkDCoalCo. — 10 PacAuxFA. 1 —
CalCotMllls.. — — Pac Borax.- 98 100
CalDrvDock, — — Pac IAN Co. — 80
Ed! sou Light. 107 109 Pac Roll Mill 29y 3 42 y_
GasConAssn. — — ParfPalntCo. 6 7V_
Ger Lead Co. 85 — iPacTransCo. — 24
HawCASCa. 203/s 20 V. Pac T A '<' Co 60 70
HutchSPCo.. 20V_ 208/, KunsetTAT.. 41 —
JudsonMfgC — — lUnitedCOo.. — 26
MerExAssulOO 110 I
MORN IN) SK.HSION
1! Board— so Atlantic Dynamite, 16y ; 135 Hutch
inson S P Co. 20y_: $1000 S V 4% Ponds, 99%;
$2000 do, s 10. 99%: $1000 do, s 5, 99%.
Street— loo Hawaiian Commercial. 19%; $1000
S P Branch Railway Bonds. 97%.
AFTERNOON' SESSION - .
Board— ls Bank of California, 237: 20 Hutchin
son S P Co, 203/ ; 65 S V Water. 1001/_; $2000 S
V 4% Bonds, s 5, 99%.
Street— ssooo Market-st Railway Con 6% Bonds,
106 Vi; 60 S V Water, 10014.
• — * — »
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Joseph H. and Mary P. Rucker (nee Dunne) toB.
Catherine Dunne, undivided half of lot on S line of
Geary street, 62 E of Buchanan, 396 by E 76:6;
$10.
Same and Bridget C. or Bridget K. Dunne to
Abraham Green, lot on SE corner of Buchanan
and Gearv streets, E 62, 8 96, E 75:6, S 110:3, W
137:6, N 206:3; $10.
Charles and Mary Noble to Richard H. Nagle,
lot on s line of Waller street, 122:6 E.of Webster,
E 25 by 8 137:6; $10.
Lucy A. McDonough to Adolph Lefor, lot on E
line of Fillmore street, 64 Bof Union, 8 28 by E
87:6:"$10.
Francis J. Corr to Emma T. Corr. lot on SW cor
ner of Grove and Baker streets, 8 62:6 by W 100;
gift... y ■■■■'■
■ Pacific Improvement Company to James H.
Lyons, lot on NW line of Coiton street, 75 NE of
Crocker, NE 23:6 by NW 62:6: $10.
Kate and Milo Hondley to Excelsior Loan Asso
ciation, lot on E line of Pond street, 187:6 8 of
Sixteenth, _ 25 by E 68:9; $10.
Ferdinand Reis and Samuel Davis to James l
and Lawrence Jensen, lot on vV line of Folsom
street, 200 8 of Twenty-fourth, S 25 by W 122:6;
$10.
Charles Reid to Elizabeth A. Tolley, lot on W
line of Dolores street, 101:6 N of Twenty-ninth,
N 25 by W 100: $10.
. Patrick and Katharine E. Hogan to Johanna
Haas, I<>: on W line of Dolores street, 26 N of Val
ley, N 25:6 by W 100: $10.
. P. W. Riordan (Archbishop) to Mary's Help
Hospital (a corporation). H. A. 173, bounded by
Day, Diamond. Thirtieth and Castro streets: also
11. A. 174, bounded by Day, Diamond, Twenty
ninth and Castro streets; also lot on SE corner of
Sanaorueand Filbert streets. 137 by E 137 :6: $1.
William J. and Emma O. Gunn to Feargi.s Han
son, lot on N line of California street, 29 E of
Twentieth avenue. N 120 by E 78; $10.
Meyer Levy to Albert E. Blum, undivided one
twentieth of half of lot on NE corner of D street
and 'thirty-fourth avenue, X 600, E 400, S 285. W
120, 8 30. X 120, 8 285, W 240; also undivided
one-twentieth of half of property la Alameda
County and undivided one-twentieth of half of
property in Contra Costa County: $5.
W. H. and Sarah A. Harrison to Solomon Gelz.
lot on E line of Thirty-fifth avenue, 100 8 of J
street, 8 25 by E 120; $10.
Charles W. and Lulu Dowling to San Francisco
Savings Union, lot on s line of Richmond avenue,
200 SV of South, W 60 by S 100, block 6, Holly
Park Tract.
John 11. C. and Matilda W. Foertsch to Frank
and Emelie Grabe, lot SW line of Fifteenth
avenue 8, 125 NW of L street, NW 25 by 8W 100,
block 308, South San Francisco Homestead and
Railroad Association; $10.
AJiAMKDA COUNTY.
A. C. Freese (administrator of the estate of J.
H. Munson) to Donald Nlcoison, lot on NE corner
of Twenty-eighth and Linden streets, N 100 by E
'.'5. block A, Golden Gate Homestead, Oakland;
$1670
M. Isabel Gould to Imogen W. Rolfe, undivided
one-sixteenth interest In lot on X line of Adeline
street, 150 3 of West Eighteenth. N 112:6 by E
127, being portion of pints 330, 331 and 333,
'hicher's Map of Oakland, Oakland; also prop
erly in san Francisco; $1.
John J. and Jennie M. Higgins to George
Schmidt, lot on NE corner of San Pablo avenue
and Dwight way, N 151.81, E 1172.27, 8 150.70.
\V 1147.3 to beginning, being portion of plats 60
and .6l, Bancho V. and I). Peralta, Berkeley; $10.
George and Nellie M. Schmidt to A. A. Fink,
same; $10. " ' y:
Barton S. Green to Helen V. Green, lot on SE
line of san Jose avenue, 350 E of Willow street,
B 100 by s 150, being lots 10 and 11 in W r.j, of
block O, map of the Pioneer Homestead Associa
tion, Alameda; $10.
Bernard iggfns to Mary Coelbo (wife of J. C). lot
on S line of Sixteenth street, 240 W of West, W 50
by S 103:9, being lot 6, block B, map of property,
North Oakland Homestead Association, Oakland,
$10.
J. C. Coelbo to same, same, quitclaim deed, Oak
land; $10.
J. H. Troy (estate of Michael ' McNamara) to
Christopher Kane, lot 23, block 43, map of Lands
Oakland Poiut Ferry Landing Tract 406; $650.
Builders' Contracts.
• J. H. Mangels with Riley i Loane, excavation,
brick, granite, wrought and cast iron work for a
three-story brick building on Van Ness avenue,
near Market street; $20,787; R. Zimmermann,
architect.
■ Same with F. W. Kern, carpenter and marble
work on same building; $23,949: same architect.
Mrs. K. uieenberg with J. S. W. Saunders, car
penter work, etc, for a two-story building on W
line of Steiner street, 27:6 S of Broadway; $3883;
M J. Lyon, architect.
Eggs and mulberry trees were sent out
to Georgia by the British Government
shortly after the settlement of the colony.
THE CALL CALENDAR.
April. 1896.
Mo. Tu. W. Th.JFr. B».
12 3 4
6 7 8 9 10 H
13 14 jl5 16 17 18
20 21 22 23 24 '25
127 28 j2O !SO |
/'T'M.ast Quarti
April
<C=)i New Moon.
"<s£/ April J2
U
3 First Qu»'
April
Full Moi
sJ April
OCEAN STEAMERS.
Dates of Departure From San Francisco.
STSOI K. | > -«rt"<\T!!>V I
MlfA
I riKB.
Sutiol GravsHaroor. i
Homer ! loos Bay I
Kio Janeiro, i China it Japan
Jnrallon \ \ aauins l,n\
Kureta jNewoor;
U»l Ron* .. |Ursv3 UarDor
\rcata Coos Bay
City of Para Panama....... ;
Queen Portland |
CltyPuebl»_ Vie «fc Pel Sna j
Pomona Humboldcßay |
Canta Hou. Pan Dleeo
ABlancUarj Portland I
■«t ; Pam - Newport I
*raitp ...... cnoi Bay
Weeott Eel River
Kate or Cai ! Portland
Corona.. ! Ban Diearo . ...
Apr .l 6. l'-'M ; Pier '1
! Apr 16. Km Oceanic
Apr 16. Srsi PUSS
Apr 16, 9am Pier 2
Apr 17, Ham Plor U ,
Apr 17. 6pm 1 ■
Anr 18. '4fu Pier 24
I Apr la, 12 si PMSS
Apr 18.10 am Pier 1\
|Aprl 9. 9ah Pier 9
i Apr 19. Spa Pier 9
Apr 19.11 am : Pier 11
Apr 20. 6pm, Pier 13
April. Pier 11
Apr 2-MUam ! Pier 13
Apr 22. 9am I Pier IS
Apr 23.10 am Pier '2 1
|A».ra3.llAM| Pier 11
ST EASIER* TO ARRIVE.
HTKAMER I
KILOM
I Dlltt
Pania itois.. ..".' i
Gaelic ]
. Allcelilancharcl
I'omona. ....... I
81 Paul !
Weeotu I
Wellington •
Zcalandla
Crete ant City... :
Walla Wa11a.... |
Suite of Cal . 1
Corona i
Arnso I
Farallon
Australia........
KurtiKa „..
tan Jose
Korta F0ru..... j
j 1 aroma
|f»an Diego-
China and Japan
, Portland....
flumboldl liar.
! Newport.
Eel Kiver
Departure 8ay..........
Panama
Crescent Ouy..
I Victoria Puget Mound
! e0rt1ana.......
I San Diego. ,
i Cooi -bay;....
! Yaoulna Bay
Honolulu ."......
Newport .....,...;.'
I : '1111:1111 a
i Bumboidt Bay
1.. Apr 16
..Apr 17
..Apr 17
..Apr 17
..Apr 18
..Apr 19
..Apr 10
..Apr 19
..Apr 19
..Apr 20
..Apr 20
.' Apr 20
..Apr '-'1
..Apr 21
..Apr 22
.Apr 22
..Apr 23
..Apr '-'4
..Apr -2b
SUN, MOON AND TIDIS.
U. S. Coast and Geodetic Siibvet Tide 1 )
Bulletin Published by Official >■
AITTHOBITY of thk SI'PFBI NTK.N DKNT. )
Thursday, April 16.
Sun rises 5.31 ' Moon rises
Sunsets 6.48: Moon sets 10.39pm
April-1896.
> Time
sill
■ Time
Feeti Tlnie!
|H Wj
! Feet ill™ 6
|L W
16 0.27; 6.1j 7.48|— 0.1 3.201 3.0! 7.10: 2.2
17 1 0.65 5.1 8.341—0.2 4.28 1 3.0. 7.56 2.5
18 1 1.34 5.11 ».'JBi— o.3 6.37| 3.4 9.0-' 2.7
13 1 2.80 6.0110.27!— 0.4 6.34J S. l 2 10.VJ5 2.8
i!0l 3.51 4.811.1:8-0.4! 7.161 3.4:11.54 ....
'Z\ 6.34 6.0.12.27;— 0.4 7.54 3.8 1 1.9
I. W Ke«'l II W Feat L W iVet H W Feet
22 1.09 2.7! 7.Q21 5.Q 1.25 -O.X 8 2*i I:i
Note— In tbe above exposition of the tides the
early morning tides are given in the left hand
column, and the successive tides of the day in tha
order of occurrence as to time. The second time
column gives the second tide of the day, the third
time column the third tide, and the last or right
hand column gives the last tide of the day, except
when there are but three tides, as sometimes
occurs. The heights given are additions to the
soundings on the United States Coast Survey
charts, except when a minus sign (— ) precedes the
height, and then the number given is subtractive
from the death given by ihe charts
11. DUO PHIC BLLLiiILN.
.Branch H yoroobaphic Office, U. 3. N. ••.
Merchants' EXCHA.ViIR. v
San Fbancisco. April 15. 1893. )
The time ball on Telegraph Hill was dropped
exactly at noon to-day— l. c., at noon of the 120ta
meridian, or exactly at 8 p. is., Greenwich time.
A. F. Fechteleb,
Lieutenant U. S. N., in charge.
S»i Il'ilNo INTKLBiUENCjE.
Arrived.
WEDNESDAY, April 5.
Stmr Queen, Green, 64 hours from Portland,
via Astoria 39V_ hours: pass and mdse, to Good
all, Perkins A Co.
Stmr City of Pnebla, Debney, 58y 2 hrs from
Victoria and Puget Sound ports; pass and mdse, to
Goodall. Perkins & Co.
Haw stmr San Mateo, Fletcher, 101 hours from
Comox; 4200 tons coal, to S P Co. Port Costa
direct.
Stmr Del Norte, Stockfleth, 7Q hours from Grays
Haroor; pass and lumber, to E K. Wood Lumber
Co.
Stmr Farallon, Roberts, 45 hours from Yaqulna
Bay via Eureka, — hours; pass ana mdse, to
Meyer A Akmann.
stmr Eureka, Jepsen, 70 hours from Newport
and way ports; pass and mdse, to Goodall, Perkins
A Co.
Stmr Geo Loomis, Bridgett, 45 hours from Ven
tura: 6296 bbls oil, to Paciflc Coast Oil Ca
Stmr Portland, Monroe, 4y 3 days from Seattle;
lumber, to Pacific Steam Whaling Co.
Bktn Archer, Calhoun. 22 days from Honolulu:
pass and sugar, to Welch A Co.
Bktn Northwest, Lund, 10 days from New What
com: lumber, to Bellingham Bay Imp Co.
Schr Rio Rev, Isigkeit, 20 hours from Bowens
Landing: 110 M ft lumber, to F Hevwood.
Schr Marie E Smith, Bergman,' 11 days from
Tacoma; lumber, to Hanson A Co.
Schr Bessie X, Anderson, 21 hours from Albion;
lumber, to J S Kimball; 234 sks bones, to Pacific
Bone, Coal and Fertilizing Co.
Schr Daisy Rowe. Olsen, 4 days from Coos
Bay; lumber, to Simpson Lumber Co.
Clearer!.
WEDNESDAY, April 15.
Stmr City of Everett, Buckman, Nanaimo, R
Dunsmuir A Sons.
Stmr Corona, Hall, San Diego; Goodall, Perkins
& Co.
Stmr Pomona, Doran, Eureka; Goodall, Perkins
&Co.
Stmr Geo W Elder, Lewis, Portland ; Oregon Rail
way and Navigation Co.
Stmr Acapulco, Searles, Panama, etc; PM SS Co.
Ship Glory of the Seas, Freeman, NanainiO; R
Dunsmuir & Sons.
Bktn Fremont, Bowes. Sand Point; Lynde &
Hough.
Brig J D Spreekels. Christiansen, Mahu_ona; J
D Spreekels & Bros Co.
Sailed.
WEDNESDAY. April 15.
U Sstmr Commodore Perry, Smith. Unalaska.
D Sstmr Richard Rush. Roberts, Unalaska.
V ti stmr Bear, Tnttle, Unalaska.
Stmr Scotia, Johnson, Eureka.
Stmr Cleone, Miller, Crescent City.
Stmr Corona, Hall, San Diego.
Stmr San Benito, Smith, Tacoma.
Stmr Arago, Reed, Coos Bay.
Stmr Weeott, Whitney. Eel River.
Stmr Navarro. Hardwick. Fort Bragg.
Stmr Acapulco, Searles, Panama, etc.
Stmr Pomona, Doran, Eureka.
Stmr Rival, Johnson, Fort Bragg.
Stmr Geo W Elder, Lewis, Portland.
Br ship Buteshire, Swinton, Hull.
Br ship Celtic Race, Owen. Tacoma
Bark (has B Kenney, Anderson. Bristol Bay.
Bark Hesper, sodergren, Victoria.
Bktn Fremont, Bowes, sand Point,
Brig John D Spreekels, Christiansen, Mahukona.
Schr Arago, Stensland. cod fishing.
Schr Melancthon. Peaslev, Grays Harbor.
Schr Mary C, Campbell. Bodega.
i*.ejr»piiii:.
POINT LOBOS, ADrii 15-10 p. it— Weather
clear: wind NW; velocity 20 miles. y'V
CJiar-o-s.
The schr Alice Cooke loads mdse for Kahulul;
bktn Gardiner City, mdse for Santa Rosalia; schr
Carrier Dove, lumber at Chemainus for Shanghai,
61s 3d— prior to arrival: bktn Gleaner, lumber at
Port Blakelev for San Jose de Guatemala; Chll
ship Republic lumber on the Sound for the West
Coast
The Br ship Waiden Abbey is chartered for
wheat to Europe, 22s 6d net.
Spoken.
Mar 25-Lat 20 S. long 37 W, Ital ship F S Cl
ampa, from Cardiff, for San Francisco.
No date— On equator, long 28 W, Br ship Gulf
Stream, from Antwerp, for Port Los Angeles.
Mar 15— Lat 27 S. long 39 W, Br ship Cedarbank
from Antwerp, for San Francisco.
Mar 15— Lat 21 S, long 37 W. Br ship Wllhelm
Tell, from Swansea, for San Francisco.
Uomestic Ports.
PORT TOW NSEN D-Arrived Apr 14— Stmr City
of Topeka, from Alaska.
EUREKA— SaiIed Apr Schr Lottie Carson,
for san Diego: stmrs south Coast and North Pork,
for San Francisco.
CAS PAR- Arrived Apr 15— Stmr Jewel, hence
Apr 14.
PORT LOS ANGELES-Sailed Apr 16— Stmr
Mlneola, for Comox.
PORT BLAKELEY— SaiIed Apr 15— Bark Mer
cury, for san Francisco: schr Chas E Falk, for San
Pedro.
ASTORlA— Arrived Apr 15— Stmr State of Cali
fornia, hence Apr 18.
sailed Apr 13— Schr Roy Somers. for San Fran
cisco. Mar 15— Br ship Kirkcudbrightshire, for
Algoa Bay.
ALBlON— Sailed Apr Schr Bessie K. for San
Francisco.
COOS BAY — Arrived Apr 15— Stmr Alice
Blanchard, from Astoria, and sailed south at noon.
NEW WHATCOM— SaiIed Apr 14-Schr Gen
Banning, for Port Harford.
GREENWOOD— Arrived Apr 15— Stmr Alcazar,
hence Apr 14.
POINT ARENA— Arrived Apr 15— Stmr Whltes
boro, hence Apr 14.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived Apr 14-Schr J M
Weatherwax, from Grays Harbor.
TATOOSH— Passed Apr 14-Bktn Willie R
Hume, from Port Townsend, for shanghai. Mar
15— Br stmr Wellington, from Departure Bay, for
San Francisco.
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived Apr 15— Schr Lille
bonne. hence Apr 7. '••-'. '•-.■■
FORT BRAGG— Sailed Apr 15— Stmr Protection
for San Francisco.
.Foreign Ports.
PANAMA— Mar 28— Stmr City of Pan
ama, from Chr.mperico, and sailed Apr 1, for
Manzanillo. Apr 4— Stmr Costa Rica, from Cham
perico.
GLOUCESTER- Arrived Apr 13— Ger bark Vl
surgis, hence Dec 10.
LONDON— Arrived Apr 14— Br ship Aberfoyle,
hence Dec 12.
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived Apr 14-Br ship
Anaurus, henc * Dec 1.
SINGAPORE— saiIed Mar 16— Nor stmr Florida.
ANTOFOGASTA-Sailed Apr 12— Br ship Earl
of Dalhousie, for Port Townsend.
Importation*.
NEWPORT— Per Eureka— 46 sks walnuts. 67
bags 194 sks peanuts, 9 bxs lemons, 12 bxs oran
ges.
East San Pedro— l bx oranges.
San Pedro— 2 bbls clam juice, 1 horse, 2500 sks
barley. . ;•-;
Hueneme— 2 bxs oranges, 1 bdl sacks.
Ventura— l bx starch, 1 bx butter, 9 sks grape
fruit, 313 bxs oranges. 85 bxs lemons.
Carpentena— 6 sks crawfisn. . yy
Santa Barbara— 47 bxs lemons.
Gaviota— l9s bales wool, 11 bdls 2 pkgs pelts, 4
bxs butter, 20 sks crawfish.
Port Harford— 3 pkgs mdse, 212 sks beans, 15
oxs butler, 3 dressed calves, cs cheese, 2cs eggs,
5 bxs fish, 5 crts bottles.
Cayucos— l tub 129 bxs butter, 9 cs eggs, 1 bdl
hides, 5 cs cheese, 8 ok«s mdse, 15 dressed calves.
San Simeon— l 6 tubs 100 bxs butter, 3cs eegs, 4
pkgs mdse, 1 coop chickens,2 bxs fish,2 bdls hides,
1 cs cheese, 1 bicycle, 35 dressed calves, ly bis sea
weed. 3 sks abalones.
YAQCINA BAY— Per Farallon-4060 sks oats,
2612 qr-sks 306 hf-sks 104 bales flour, 76 cs eggs,
245 sks potatoes, 6 M ft lumber, 4 coops chickens,
12 sks bark, 2 rolls matting, 9 bales woolens. 303
bdls boons, 147 sks prunes, 2 cs dry goods, 34 nks
oysters, 20 eds matchwood, 18 pkgs mdse, 17 bbls !
beef, 4 kegs butter, 1 cs pictures
GRAYS HARBOR-Per Del Norte— 332 M ft
lumber. 4 pkgs mdse, 711 bdls snooks.
PORTLAND— Per Queen— 7ll sks onions, 523
--sks potatoes, 1306 sks 1015 qr-sks 640 hf-sks dour, j
i62a sks oats, 348 sks wheat. 1981 bdls 298 rolls
879 pkgs paper, 109 pigs lead, 10,300 ft maple |
lumber, 8058 feet ash lumber, 244 sks fertilizer, '
1493 Ddls snooks, 86 bdls green hides, 55 bdls :
beads, 19 bbls heads, 244 sks oys.ers, 1342 cs \
salmon, 1592 bdls shooks.
VICTORIA — Per City of Puebla— lß4 bdls hides
and calf hides, 22 bdls pelts, 21 cs gin, 1 p„g leaf
tobacco, 3 crts bicycles.
NPS SCo via Victoria— l 7 bales gunnies, 83 cs
curios. ; •' •
Port Townsend— ll2 green hides, 1 cs cigars, 1
cs mdse.
Douglas Island— l bx bullion.
Seattle— s bxs samples, 8 cs wine, Ics wooden
frames, 1 cs gloves, 1 cs books, 1 bbls glassware, 1
cs clothing, 1 bx cotton underwear. 1 bx paper, 10
sks coal, scs lard, 4cs salt meat, 24 chests tea, 1
ca dry goods, 1 bx drues, 161 sks bones, 70 green
hides, 3 roils carpet, 2 bbls brass jun_, 1 junk,
16 pkgs household goods, 120 bbls rolled oats, 2
bales suspenders, 19 bxs smoked halibut, 1 trunk
personal effects. 1088 tons coal, 2 sealed bags. •
Seattle via G N Ry— l sewing machine, 120 qr
sks flour, 203 hf-sks flour.
Tacoma— 2 chests personal effects. 2 crts olives,
8 bdls green hides, 1 bdl dry bides, 1 bx calf hides,
1 bdl skins, lsk wool, 1 sk tails.
West ot Fargo via Tacoma— 4oß sks flour, 169
sts flax, 95 sks barley, 69 sirs wool, 1 cs unabrel-
Everett-800 bars bullion, 838 rolls paper, 173
bdis paper, 87 bdls lawbooks.- "■"■'.'
East of Fargo via Tacoma— 4 crts bicycles.
New Whatcom— B bxs steel plates, 1 pkg house
hold goods. 1 bdls carpet. 1 sealed bag.
C P Ry via Vancouver— 2 cs dry goods, 4cs
gingham, 25 cs duck. 80 cs cigarettes. 290 cs
smoking tobacco. 9 cs hats, 2 bxs zincs, 440* bxs 10
era starch, scs cotton duck, 4cs jackets, Ics
sheeting, 1 cs cotton quilts. 3 cs silesla, 2 cs repel
lants, 3 cs hosiery. 10 cs flannels, 1 cs household
goods, 2 cs knitted goods. 1 cs knit underwear, 1
cs cotton sheeting. 2 cs denims, 30 cs calico.
Consignee*.
Per Queen— Dalton Bros: E R Stevens A Co; J
P Thomas; McDonough A Runyon; H Dutard: J
Marcbl: H Heck man A Co: Erlanger & Galinger;
J Everding A Co: Wolf A Son : Willamette Pulp A
Paper Co: A Levy A Co; Moore, Ferguson A Co;
Multnomah Fruit Growers' Union: Lawrence A
Bowman; L Jagger: J H Cain A Co; W F Crosby;
JO Bradley: IIP Betels; Gould A Jaudin; West
ern 801 l Paper Co: Selby Smelting and Lead Co; A
Plelshaker A Co; J Wigmore A Son; White Bros:
California Fertilizing Co; J A Lacy; L H Clay
burgh ACo; Cal Bottling Co: Fogarty A Parker;
Morgan Oyster Co: Darbee A Immel; M E A Wag
ner: OB Smith A Co; Clatsop Mill Co; Cutting
Packing Co: M B Moraghan.
Per Farallon— Moore, Ferguson A Co; San Fran
cisco Furniture Co; J Everding A Co; W A Wells;
C J Leist A Co; .Wheaton, Breon A Co; H Levi A
Co; E Stevens A Co: Levi, Strauss A Co; Lucas
A Co: W C Price A Co: M J Brandensteln A Co; C
Jacobson A Co; California Barrel Co: Stauffer A
Co; Fredericksburg Mottling Co; Standard Oil Co;
Morgan Oyster Co; Dodge, Sweeney A Co; Metro
politan Match Co: C E Whitney A Co: Wolf A Sou:
Smith's Cash Store: Murphy, Grant A Co: Thomas
Roney ; California Chemical Works; Edward Kll
-111 a.
Per Eureka-H H Satiler A Co: A Wyss: Ben
nett A Murray: Wheaton, Breon A Co: Hills Bros;
Ross A Hewlett; O B Smith A CO; Getz Bros A
Co; C E Whitney A Co; Hllmer, Bredhort A
Schulz: Bosenthal, Feder ACo; Chicago Brewery:
Holmes A Nathen; Bissinger A Co; Standard Oil
Co; D Deßernardl A Co: Bodge, Sweeney A Co;
Brigham, Hoppe • A Co; F Url A Co;
Western Meat Co; L D Stone: Dairymen's
Union; Enterprise Brewery; American Union
Fish Co; Baker A Hamilton: Cunningham,
Curtis A Welch; H Dutard: Martin Feusier
& Co; Norton, Teller A Co; Charles Ja
cobson; Bennett Butter Depot; Witzel A -Baker:
Kowaisky A Co; Hoffmann A Co; J Ivancovich A
Co; HT Allen: Thomas Denigan Sons A Co; A
Paladlni, American Union Fish Company; RA
McDonald; A Gordon; Goodall, Perkins A Co; J
DeMartlnl;cray A Barblen : Wood, Curtis ACo;
Immel A Co; H J Swim; C L Graham; F H Bix
bee; McDonald ACo; Wetmore Bros; Deere Imp
Co; Hills Bros; H Kirchman; H N Tllden; J Wle
land; Montgomery A Co; Marshall, Teggert A Co:
OB Smith A Co; Wellman, Peck: A Co: Crown
Distillery Co.
Per City of Pnebla— Bissinger ACo; A Mignler:
M Cohen; Pope Co; Wells Fargo A Co; M
hibata; Order; C Froelich; Sldeman, Lachman A
Co; Bank of Cal;|B A Matteto; Bancroft, Whitney
A Co; Benin A Leporl; C E Whitney A Co: E
Hyams: Empire Glove Co; Fred Brew; Hartwell,
MltcheU A Lewis: H F Marsh; Hoffman, Alexan
der A Co; Hyams. Pauson A Co; Italian
Swiss Agr Colony; J H Morton; J Swisher: J
Wleland: J T Robinson; M Ehrman A Co;
M J Brandenstein A Co; Myers Bros;
OP Downing; Paciflc Coal, Bone and Fertilizing.
Co; W B Sumner A Co; W A J Sloane A Co; W T
Garrett A Co: Wm Wolf: 8 E Sherwood, Ameri
can Union Fish Co; C £ Wheel _ Bros: Oregon
Improvement Co; G Sanguenettl: Lewis Packing
Co; American Biscuit Co; J Wollner; R J Kelly;
Fer Cycle Co; Selby Smelting A Lead Co; Ameri
can Press Association; Stauffer A Co; Alaska
Commercial Co; American Tobacco Co; c H
Meyer A Bros; J J Cutting; Levi Strauss A Co;
Murphy, Grant A Co; 8 J Friedlander A Co.
ForZate Shipping Intelligence See Fifteenth Page.
OCEAN STEAMSHIPS.
PACIFIC COAST STEAMSHIP COMPANY
CUT RATES
TO
VICTORIA, B. Cm and
PUGET SOUND.
-Fix-art Class f&O.OO
Second Class • -5300
Meals and berth included.
Ticket Office— 4 New Montgomery Street.
GOODALL, PERKINS * CO.,
General Agents.
o. :_bl_ c*3 r*r_
ASTORIA ANDPORTLANtt
$2.50 Second Class, $5 First Class,
MEALS AND BERTHS INCLUDED.
Columbia sails April 18 and 28
Btate of California sails April 23 and Mar 33
From Spear-st. Wharf Pier _ -1) at 10 a. _.
GOODALL. PERKINS A CO- Genl. s U nt-
F. F. CONiNOR, General Agent.
, 630 Market street.
PACIFIC COAST STEAMSHIP COMPACT
OTEAMERS WILL hAIL FROM _»-__
fOllolJs* Way wharf baa Francisco, as -___M_
ii?^ NJary Jr. , s n<l, , Lorlng. Wrangel. Juneaa. Kli-
llsnoo ana Sitka (Alaska), *' » K-. April 1*
*-.*, .MftV 14. -.11.
For Victoria and Vancouver (B. C), Port Town*
Wh_ , t^™" I % T om . a ' Everett, Anacortes and New
Whatcom (Bellingham Bay, Wash.) 9 a it
April 4. 9. 14, I}., 24. _9. and every flfto
?h 8 e y . t . ner f»"f. connecting Vancouver witb
the C. _». R. R., at Tacoma Po " T0 ™* a * $
at Seattle with G. N. Ry., at Port Townsend wuS
Ala.sk a stei mers. mm-- nu
For Eureka. Areata »ad Fields Landing (Hum-
?2l t - B By)? y) 8tr ' pornon »* 2p. it, April 3, 1 7. 11
"J*?* -'■ and w very fourth day thereafter,
t.^.? « ?i a S ru^ Mo rey, San Simeon, Cayucos,
R-ri-S.'vi-. (San Luis Obispo), G_viota.Sants
? a i„ I l i , V ce A ntura - Hueneme. San Pedro. East San
Pedro i (Los Angeies) ana Newport, at 9 a. m.. Aprl
thereafter h"* 29 * nd eVery ,ourUl da »
,-- r^*. 11 D }?£°' " tO PP K only at Port Harford
(San Luis Obispo), Santa Barbara, Port Lo,
Angeles. Redondo (Los Angeles) and Newport. 11
a. M.. Apr.! 3. 7. 11. 15, 19, 23, 27 and
svery fourth day thereafter.
For Enseuada, San Jose del Cabo. Mazatlan, La
Par. Altata and Guaymas (-Mexico), str. Orizaba?
iv a. it., April D. i.'--^
Ticket office. Palace Hotel, _ New Montgomery
GOODALL, PERKINS 4 CO., Gen'l Agent*
10 Market st. San Francisco.
OCEANIC S.S. CO. tf\ DAYS TO
HAWAII. SAMOA, fL-*. HONOLULU
NEW ZEALAND, _! >v
AUSTRALIA. \Js.S. AUSTRALIA.
B. S. AUSTRALIA for HONOLULU only, Tnes.
April 28, at 10 a. it. Special party rates.
S. S. MARIPOSA sails via HONOLULU and
AUCKLAND for SYDNEY, Thursday, April 3a
at _p. M.  r "
Line to COOLGARDIE. Aust., and CAPETOWN
8. Afr. J. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO.. Agts.,* '
. Freight Office. 327 Market a 114 Montgomurv "^
Freight Office. 327 Market St.. San Francisco
COIPAGXIE GENERAL TRASSATLAIfTIQUE
French Line to. Havre.
COMPANY'S PIER (XK1V1.42 NORTH _«_n
River, foot of Morton st. Travelers by __*?s_!_
this line avoid both transit oy English railway-oil
the discomfort of crossing the channel in a small
boat. New Yors to Alexandria, Egypt, via Part*
first-class *1 60: second-class, flla
LA BRETAGNE. Capt. Rupe
LA BOURGOGNJE.' Captl 'Leb6eaf.'..t.^".. X .^.f.*' *
LA L' be'lo'ncie^f?!..^..^*' *
la • •■>* ...... ....,, , Al_i V ** ti A *"
LA GASCOGNE. Capt. 8aude10n.'.;......!;....'
i)V Q Q .Qfl .
ASF" _or further particulars apply to '
-. __, A. FORGET. Agent.
3 v vre »■£ „ 80 .^ lm f Oreen, New York.
avenue. Francfa=k°" Age ° tS - 5 V™**™"
**$rn_W HAJIBURG-AMEPtICAX USE
Si^^Kj4Sg£» TWIN-SCREW EXPRESS
ye., -1.',, g- Line from New York to
Plymouth (London), Cherbourg, Paris A Hamburg.
A. Victoria April 23 [ Normannia May 1 _
Columbia- May 7 |A. Victoria. .. May 21
I. Cabin, if 7s and upward; 11. Cabin, $15 and $50.
PLYMOUTH-LONDON. AU, h.. free of charge.
by special train; CHERBOURG-PARIS, 6i_ h.
For passage apply to HAMBURG-AMERICAN
LINE, 37 Broadway, x. v., or to Local Agents.
ROYAL MAIL STEAJTPACRET COIIPASt!
STEAMERS LEAVE ASPINWALL ___—_■
fortnightly for the West Indies and &£_{___
Southampton, calling en route al Cerbour_h.
France, and Plymouth to land passengers
« Throuch bills of lading, in connection with the
Paciflc MaU S. 8, Co., tamed for freight and !____,
■re to direct ports in England and Germany.
Through tickets from San Francisco to Plvmooth.
____- > Ml'_a Ut p„?V tOn A ¥ml «l«s. •195??hW
C-M. »»7 M. For lurther particulars apply to
rAKItOTT «t CO., Agent*
308 California •_,
, STOCKTOJ STEAMERS
u^i% ?'.%,
M- Accommodations Reserved gJiSs__-
-«r ST„AiIKU : .'
_Tel_ePhone Main 805. Q.^ £££%?
VALLEJO, MAKKiNLIXD.*RE\ICIA PORT
WAASDCROCKm7 mi
•4 r. v. only. *™«*y-* f. "' JS°'' m
LaadiDß. Mis.ion i, ri „SAY THEY ARE
NOT GOSSIPERS.
Rev. Marshall Law Meets
With Opposition in
His Church.
LADIES UP IN ARMS.
Treasurer Reed Resigns Because
the Pastor Made a False
Statement,
HE ALWAYS GOT HIS SALAEY.
A Vestryman Says That the Pastor
Has Been Indorsed — Given
Leave of Absence.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.)
90S Broadway, April 15. J
The fashionable Episcopal Church of
the Advent resents its pastor's statements
that they have the dirtiest church he ever
saw and thai they do not pay him his
.alary regularly. Many prominent fami
lies worship at the handsome East Oak
land church, including J. J. Valentine,
president of Wells, Fargo & Co., and they
do not feel pleased at being told from the
pulpit that the "best thing to do with the
church carpet is to send it to Japan to
wipe out the black plague with." The
ladies, particularly, resent the charge that
their sewing circles are gossiping socials.
A. J. Reed, the treasurer of the church
and -one of the vestrymen, has resigned be
cause he says the pastor stated that which
Was not true.
"I have resigned as treasurer," said Mr.
Reed, "but shall remain a vestryman. I
know just how the finances of the church
have been run, and I know that Mr. Law
has been paid every cent of his salary.
Every attempt is being made to cover up
this trouble temporarily, but it will not
down, and I expect it will result in a
change of pastors. There is much to come
a light, but the matter is not yet in such
to form that action can be taken. The
church certainly cannot hold together very
long under the present circumstances."
Mrs. William Frederickson, who has
been for eight years at the head of the St.
Catherine Guild of the church, is very pro
nounced in her opinions.
"There is trouble in the church," she
said this afternoon, "and it is growing
rapidly. Fully two-thirds of the member
ship is disgusted with the present condi
tion of affairs and is anxious to have Mr.
Law's resignation, but he believes he has
a right to dictate to every organization in
the church. In his statement at the
parish meeting recently he said he should
have, more salary, and that the church j
could not force him to leave by refusing I
him enough to live on, for he had no right !
to leave bills unpaid. He should resign
when he sees that he is not wanted, in- j
stead of fighting to hold his place. I hope j
the Bishop will take the matter up.
"I have been the head of the St. Cather
ine Guild for over eight years and have j
now thirty-five members who would have !
left the church had not I kept them to- '
gether. The Ladies' Aid Society is ready
to disband owing to his actions toward
it. He attacks members from the
pulpit, for he knows they cannot reply to j
liim. I gave up my pew some time ago
owing to his actions, and many others |
have held them together in the hopes he
would resign. We strongly object to be
lnff called gossipers."
The Ladies' Aid Society met yesterday
and the members were so incensed at the
remarks of the pastor that they would
have disbanded had it not been known
that the pastor was sending them a com
plimentary letter.
Rev. Marshall Law said to-day that the
trouble arose from there being too many j
bosses at the church.
"Treasurer Reed is at the bottom of this
trouble," said the pastor. "He is a very
small, flexible man and has no judgment.
He is not a suitable man to be treasurer
of the church, and the position gives him
come importance and he does not know
how to cany it. So far as any trouble I
had in Japan before coming here is con
cerned, I -may say that L had no more
trouble than any man would have during
three years' school and missionary work
there. I fear nothing that may be
brought to the attention of the Bishop. If
1 had not a clean record I could not have
entered Bishop Nichols' diocese. Ido not
understand what some people mean. Some
of the ladies want to run the church,
and because they cannot do it they are
raising a row. Reed is one of seven vestry
men, and consequently has a vote, but he
does notcut much of a figure in the vestry."
"There are some dissatisfied ladies in the
church." said Vestryman Pope, "but they
are in the minority. The whole of the
vestry has been elected within the past
two weeks, and they have indorsed the
pastor and have agree- to grant his request
for a two months' leave of absence. We
now have money in the treasury for the
first time in ten years, and the membership
is increasing. "
. Treasurer Reed's position would seem to
be well supported by Mr. Pope. It is only
a week since the pastor complained of his
salary, and Reed declares the best proof
Etich a statement is not true is the fact that
there Is $200 in the treasury.
BICYCLE EVENTS.
Races and Frizes Arranged for Fabiola
Fete.
OAKLAND, Cal., April 15.— The follow
ing races and prizes have been decided
upon for the May day fete at the Trotting
Park:
Scratch, one mile race, amateurs: first prize
gold medal, s;cond prize gold medal.
Handicap, two mile race, amateur; flrst prize
unset diamond, second prize diamond locket.
Tapdeui, five mile race, scratch, amateur;
first prize unset diamond, second prize dia
mond locket.
League of American Wheelmen, Na
tional circuit races, as follows:
Scratch, professional, one mile; flrst prize
$100, second $50, third $25.
Handicap, professional, two mile.; first prize
$100, second $50, third $25.
For the lantern parade the following
trophies are offered :
To the club making the best appearance;
open to all.
To the club turning out the largest num
ber of riders; open to visiting delegations
only. * °
To the club turning out the largest num
ber of riders; open to home clubs only.
•i here will be three valuable trophies
offered for decorated bicycles in the floral
parade on Mayday, which, no doubt, will
attract many wheelmen and wheelwomen
to enter. The lir.t of these will be a high
grade wheel in all probability, but as yet
the others are not settled upon.
MARY YAHUE-BUUER
Charges Her Sister With Having Cut
Off Her Monthly Allowance.
OAK LAND. Cal., April 15.— Lady Mary
Leilah Yarde-Bull.r. daughter of the late
General Ralph W. Kirkham, has filed a
claim for a monthly allowance from her
father's estate. She claims the estate is
worth upward of 1500,000 and an annual
income of 122,000, or thereabouts. She
says she received prior to her father's
death from $350 to $400 per month, and he
directed that his widow should make such
provisions for their children as she should
see fit.
Tne widow, Kate Edith Kirkham, con
tinued the allowance to the petitioner of
$333 per month for her support, and that
of her two sons, aged 19 and 16 years,
but since she became incompetent and
Mrs. Kate Kirkham Wheeler was appoint
ed her guardian the allowance was sus
pended, and now she asks that it be re
newed and $1696 for arrears be Daid.
On her last visit to Oakland Lady Mary
Leilah created a flutter by applying for
letters of guardianship upon her mother,
who she alleged was incompetent. There
was quite a family fracas, which was finally
settled by granting her a regular monthly
allowance, and she hastened back to Eng
land evidently much to the relief of the
relatives left" here. Later her sister
secured letters of guardianship on account
of alleged incompetency of the motuer to
handle the large estate.
THE FINDS SHORT.
High School May Have to Be Closed
Two Weeks Early.
OAKLAND, Cal., April 15.— The condi
tion of the High School funds has been the
subject of some figuring by Superintend
ent McClymonds, and he has discovered
there will be a shortage of about $2400 at
the end of the year unless some provision
is made to avoid it. There has been ex
pended ud to April 1, for the maintenance
of the school, $34,980 54.
The salaries ior April, May and June
will amount to $10,650, and other esti
mated expenditures will pc $1300, making
a total for the year of $46,930 54. The
total allowance for the school for the year
was $44,494 13, which will leave a deficit of
$2435 91 to be met.
Chairman Friend of the Finance Com
mittee of the Board of Education said to
day that there were three ways to settle
the matter. First, the schools could be
closed a couple of weeks before the end of
the term; second, it might be kept open
and the teachers asked to donate their
salaries for the two weeks; and third, suffi
cient funds might be transferred from the
grammar school fund to meet the deficit.
CIRCUS AND CONSTABLE
A Great Hippodrome Attached
and Chased All Over
Town.
The Driver of a Wagon, Loaded With
a Show, Arrested and Released
en a Bond.
Oakland Office Sax Francisco Call,)
908 Broadway, April 15. J
There was a circus performance given in
the city to-day which was not on the bills
; and to which a large audience was specta
tors, although they paid no admittance
] fee. The leading men were trades people
i who attempted to get their money from
1 Howe & Allen's "three great shows com
bined" circus, which came to the city the
first of the week with a flourish of tinsel,
j a brass band and a .Newfoundland dog on
a float.
Collector John Stewart secured an at
tachment in Judge Cliffs court this morn
ing for a $30 bill for advertising and, as the
people were ready to leave for San Fran
cisco, the constable took charge. The
whole outfit was found on a dray of a local
firm and was at the foot of Broadway
ready to take tbe boat when the constable
arrived. When he claimed the load the
driver telephoned to his employers notify
ing them of the state of affairs.
The delay caused the driver to miss the
creek boat and he went to lunch. The
constable put a keeper in charge and re
turned to court. Later in the "afternoon
the teamster and the circus management
returned and carted off the goods, keeper
and all toward the pier, where they would
take the regular boat for the City. Seeing
he was not being honored, the keeper
rushed to a telephone and notified the
constable of what was being done.
The officer rushed to the rescue and
caught the party on Seventh street, near
Wood. He stopped them and ordered the
driver to leave his wagon, as it was under
attachment. The driver again appealed to
his principals by telephone and received
orders to go ahead. With that he mounted
his seat and started his team once more
for the pier.
With this the constable jumped on the
wagon, arrested and handcuffed the driver
and hauled him to the nearest police
patrol-box and attempted to ring in for
the patrol wagon. The officer did not un
derstand the mechanism of the affair, for
he stood for more than an hour awaiting
the patrol, which never came. Meanwhile
a large crowd bad gathered and amused
themselves in ridiculing the outfit. Wil
liam Leslie, the prisoner, took it all good
naturedly, and when the constable failed
to work the police alarm he told him that
if he did not know his duty better than he.
did the working of the box he had better
resign.
The express company meanwhile rushed
out, secured a bond and went after the
wagon and its contents, but left the driver
to be taken uptown on a charge of resist
ing an officer. -y .•<■ .-••'.,; y,.
William Long, the West Oakland
butcher, also became an unwilling par
ticipant in the impromtu performance.
While the constable was turning round
the dray on which the circus was packed,
the tent poles swept through Mr. Long's
buggy and smashed it, and also broke
some of his harness, as well as frightened
his horse.
Now all the parties concerned are won
dering where they will come out. The
constable has to pay the butcher's bill,
the Doliceman had to endure the jeers of
the small boys while he tried to work a
patrol-box, and it looks very much as if
the officials carried off the honors of
clown between them, while the circus man
made a passable knave.
HISTORY OF A HAY.
Alameda County Happenings Told In
Brief Chapters.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,)
•y : 908 Broadway, April 15. j
The appraisers of the estate ofjthe late Hugh
Dimond— O. Alexander, W. A. Kenney and
E. H. Woolsey— have reported the estate as
valued at $324,231 17.
The annual election of officers of the Ebell
Club took place yesterday. Mrs. G. W. Bunnell
was again the unanimous choice of the society
for president. This makes her fifth year in the
office.
' Judge Greene has allowed the claim of M.
Marks against the estate of Philip Boogar for
$6000 on account of money loaned. The
claimant held a note of Boogar's secured by a
mortgage.
County Assessor Dalton has not yet received
an opinion from Attorney-General Fitzgerald
as to whether or not it will be allowable for
him to assess the money and currency in the
local National banks.
Attorney Cohen, who represents several
property-owners along the line of Fallon street,
was at the City Clerk's office this afternoon
looking up data with, a view of having the
Council open the street, from Eighth through
to Twelfth. °
Judge Greene issued an order to-day releas
ing Louise Fassler from the Ukiah asylum on
the strength of the statement of John H
Fe*her, a friend in San Francisco, that he
would care for her and protect all persons
from her assaults.
The friends of Lcfevre, the Acme wonder
who broke the world's record in the third re
lay Sunday, are preparing to give him a hand
some present ln appreciation of his good work.
Already a snug sum has been raised and more
money is iv sight. Lefevre made the ten miles
in 24 minutes and 39 seconds.
Deputy Sheriff Will White to-day sold under
an execution the stock of goods of Jonas Bros
of 1063 and 1005 Broadway for $18,250. The
mock was bought In by M, Rosenberg of San
Francisco. Tne three claims under which the
sale was held, those of E. N. Walter approxi
mating $7300, S. Feuchtwanger $14,400 and
L. Goetllnger $20,000, aggregating about $41,
--700. ... . « ','.■:":*•:■.>■■
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, APRIL 16, 1896.
RETURNS WITH LAURELS.
Professor Rhys R. Lloyd Left
Wales a Modest Little
Collier Boy.
BRAVE FIGHT AGAINST ODDS.
A Story of Success That Shows What
Can Be Accomplished by Per
severance.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,)
908 Broadway, April 14. (
Professor Rhys R. Lloyd, one of the
best Greek scholars in the country and a
member of the faculty of the Pacific
Theological Seminary, has just left for a
visit to his old Welsh home.
For the first twenty-three years of his
life he was a worker in tbe coal mines,
Professor Rhys R. Lloyd. Who Left Wales a Collier Lad and Returns a Noted
Professor.
i first of Wales and later of Pennsylvania.
When he left Wales he was known as a
very sleepy little messenger-boy who had
to be woke up by the colliers every time
they wanted him to fetch their tools. He
returns a Greek professor, and the story
of how he acquired his education and
fought his way to fame is worth pre
serving.
An incident happened when he was 10
years old that shows the character of
young Lloyd better than any other in his
career of perseverance. One day while in
the mine he tried to keep awake by pour
ing grains 0 powder from a keg into his
cap. While doing so twenty-five pounds
ignited, and with face and hands terribly
burned young Rhys was carried home.
One scar on his forehead and some en his
hands are still visible, but the worst one,
where the flesh for a space as large as his
palm was burned from his elbow, was over
a year healing.
Part of that time the boy went to school
and blessed his burns. The doctors said
the arm, held in a sling for eighteen
months, would always be stiff. For a long
time it was, but they did not reckon on
the determination of the lad. He worked
with his arm all the time. Sometimes he
fastened it between 1 the pickets of a fence
and moved his body backward and for
ward. Now the arm is stronger than the
other one.
Books were a luxury to hira, and he did
not really get any chance to study
till the great strike of 1870 at Pennsyl
vania. Lloyd went to school and finished
three grades of six months in three
months. He had to work in the mines
til he was 23. At 20 he married, and he
had a son a year old when he entered the
academy at Marietta. Ohio, in 1879. In a
year and a half he had graduated from his
classical course, supporting himself and
family in the meantime by acting as
janitor. After a summer spent in preaching
in Ohio young Lloyd entered the Chicago
Theological Seminary and from that time
he has forced his way upward.
For four years after graduation Mr.
Lloyd was pastor of the California-avenue
Congregational church in Chicago. While
theic a $37,000 church was built, and the
young Welsh minister, only four years I
out ot the mines, opened a most successful
career. By advice of others he decided to
enter the professional field, and took the
degree of M.A. from Hartford, Conn.
While in California he has received very
flattering offers, and has -written several
books that have brought him fame.
The professor and his wife have now
gone to travel for six months in Europe.
They will visit his old home, which he left
when he was fourteen, it is feared that
he will be weaned away from the Pacific
Theological Seminary while abroad, and
there are many who think his good-by may
be a farewell.
THEEE-COBNEKED DEAL.
Which Would Result in Bringing the
Valley Road to Oakland.
OAKLAND, Cal., April 15.— 1t has been
reported that there is a movement on foot
to combine the interests of F. M. Smith,
the borax king, and of Mr. Treadwell and
his associates in the Corral Hollow mine
railroad with those of the San Joaquin
Valley Railroad. If this is accomplished
it would no doubt expedite matters in
closing the gap in the Valley Road be
tween Stockton and Oakland without
great delay.
A Charge Recoils.
OAKLAND. Cal., April 15.— Mrs. Mar
garet Sturman, the wife of a physician re
siding at 2617 Central avenue, Alameda,
was examined for insanity on a charge
preferred by her husband. The evidence
showed that the accused had acted
strangely at various times, attempting at
times to drive her husband's _uesis from
the house and even threatening to burn it.
When Mrs. Sturman was given chance
to defend herself, she claimed that she
had acted as she did because her husband
had brought women home who were dis
tasteful to her. and whom she believed
bad been brought there for improper pur
poses. '
Mrs. Sturman is about 70 years of age
and her husband is about the same. She
was discharged.
The Varni Murder.
OAKLAND, Cal., April 15.— The jury in
the trial of Michael' Ghirardelli, cnarged
with the murder of Felice Varni on Decem
ber 1, 1895, back of Elmhurst, was com
pleted to-day, and consists of W. 1). Thom
as, John Rae, James Suter, William Lang
staff, M. J. Acton, M. Scheeline, A. J. Mc-
Leod, William Kane. Ben Wright, M. L.
Schleuter and L. A. Miller.
Judge Greene directed that the attend
ance of spectators should be limited to the
seating capacity of the lobby, in order to
facilitate the business of the court, and also
that the air of the courtroom should not
be vitiated by the crowd.
Boot Still In Custody.
OAKLAND, Cal., April 15.— The fifth
writ of habeas corpus in behalf of Andrew
Root, the assayer in the gold brick swindle,
resulted in his being set free by Judge
Ogden, owing to a defective complaint, but
as soon as he left the courtroom Chief of
Police Lloyd rearrested him on a new com
plaint made to cover the defect in the
other:?. Further writs are expected.
Mill Operatives Protest.
OAKLAND, Cal., April 15.— The opera
tives of the California Cotton-mills in East
Oakland are alarmed over the reports of
the prison authorities at San Quentin hav
ing recently made contracts to supply ore
bags, and fearing further competition in
other lines of bagging a delegation went
over to San Quentin to-day to make a pro
test to the Directors. The party consisted
of James Moir, Robert Moles, William F.
Doig and \\ allace R. Emery.
Kriittsclinitt's Visit.
OAKLAND, Cal., April 15.— The West
Oakland Improvement Club have arranged
to receive General Manager Kruttschnitt
of the Southern Pacific Company at their
next meeting, Tuesday evening, April 21.
It is expected that there will be a very
large attendance of the citizens who are
interested in the welfare of that portion
of the city.
WHISKY FOR ROAD TAX
It Was Seized by a Deputy
Who Was Glad to Re
turn It.
The Victim Drove Off With the Of.
fleer's Buggy anl an Exchange
Was Effected
Oakland Office Sax Francisco Call,)
903 Broadway, April 15. J
John McCoy is a Deputy Road Tax Col
lector at Haywards, and he believes in en
forcing the law to the letter. When his
victim will uot produce the $2 McCoy
seizes on anything in sight. Yesterday
afternoon he called on Dick Vagts, who
keeps a saloon in Castro Valley. Mr. Vagts
did not produce his road tax, and an
nounced his intention of not doing so.
This did not suit McCoy, and so he
pounced upon a case of whisky and rushed
j out of the store. Vagts gave chase, but
j was unable to overtake the agile McCoy.
i The saloon-keeper returned to his place of
j business, and later in the day he went
I towaid Haywards, and great was his sur
■ prise when he saw his case of whisky in a
I buggy, which he recognized as McCoy's.
Vagts jumped into the buggy and
I drove off. McCoy rushed out of a house
i and started after the buggy. Vagts kept
j just far enough ahead to prevent McCoy
! reaching him and kept up a parley all the
| time. Finally McCoy became tired out
and offered to capitulate. Vagts was will
ing and a treaty of peace was agreed upon.
Vagts was to be driven home with his
whisky and McCoy was then to get his
buggy. The terms were faithfully carried
out, and after the saloon was reached Mc-
Coy paid for the drinks, and Vagts "prom
ised to pay when the collector called
again.
The Law* Delay.
OAKLAND, Cal., April 15.— The pass
ing of sentence upon Benjamin L. Hill,
who has been convicted of murder in the
first degree, was again postponed to-day
by Judge Ogden until Monday, to allow
his attorney to prepare his bill of excep
tions to the order of the court denying a
new trial and motion in arrest of judg
ment.
Site for a Postoflice.
OAKLAND, Cal., April 15.— 1t is re
ported in realty circles that the block on
which the 'Tabernacle stands will bo
offered the Government for a postoffico
site. It is at present owned by F. M.
Smith, the borax-dealer.
No President Vet.
OAKLAND, Cal., April There is no
new president yet to the Board of Works.
Mayor Davie refuses to vote for either of
his two colleagues, and as they cannot
very well vote for themselves the Mayor
still fills the chair.
DENIES THE MEAT IS BAD.
Dr. Stahie Defends the Food at tho
City and County Hospital.
Dr. Stahie, superintendent of the City
and County Hospital, denies that the meat
furnished the institution under his charge
is unfit for use, as charged by the hospitals
committee of the Grand Jury.
"It is absolutely untrue," said Dr. Stable,
"that the beef is not of the best quality.
The meat is inspected by myself and the
steward. We are paying over 2 cents more
for beef than was paid previous to my
administration. The same contractor
supplied the beef last fiscal year. His
price last year was 4.21 cents a pound.
This year he receives 6.65 cents a pound
for first quality beef. The meat has always
been of the best, and I cannot understand
where such charges originated." .
Convicted of Battery.
Attorney Charles G. Nagle was convicted in
Judge Joachimsen's court yesterday of battery
and was ordered to appear for sentence on
Saturday. The complaining witness was
George D. Shadburae Jr., one of Nagle'a tenants
at 632 Market street. ,
NO WORLDLY CHORISTERS
Rev. G. B. Hatch of Berkeley
Wants Consecrated Church
Singers.
MUST BE PURE AS PREACHERS.
Flower-Show Prizes University Reg
ister Out— Griggs to Lecture.
Notes.
BERKELEY, Cal., April 15. — Rev.
George B. Hatch, pastor of the First Con
gregational Church of Berkeley, has been
the cause of no little comment among his
flock anu others who regulariy sit beneath
his hearing from Sunday to Sunday, by
the bold position which he has assumed
with regard to church music and those
who conduct it. He vigorously denounces
the custom in vogue in many of the large
metropolitan churches of employing pro
fessionals to sing, "Many of whom," says
he, "are wholly irreligious." He main-
ins that if a church body is careful in the
selection of those who are to preach, it
should likewise be careful whom it per
mits to sing the Gospel, and even more so
in the latter case, "for," says Dr. Hatch,
"song often goes much further than writ
ten or spoken words."
The chief cause for comment among his
flock is the sermon he preached last Sun
day, in which ho said: "In a thousand
churches brilliant musical performers
bring the woridliness into their perform
ance a"nd make the choral part of their
service an abomination and an offense.
The church has descended to this infamy
in order to fill its vacant pews, hoping to
attract with worldly song those whom it
failed to reach because it was not faithful
in the fulfillments of its high duties.
Next to preaching the truth of Jesus
Christ there is no work so sacred, no privi
lege so hieh as the work of making music
in the house of God. So sacred is this
work that in the organization of Israel a
whole tribe was consecrated and ordained
to perform it, and was placed under special
obligations of purity and holiness.
'"Ihe time will, come again I hope,"
said Dr. Hatch, "when the church willde
mand consecrated men and women to per
form the holy service of song in the house
of the Lord." The remarks of Pastor
Hatch are construed by certain of his con
gregation as being a direct hit at some of
the San Francisco churches in which pro
fessional singers are employed.
Will Have Their Bourdon.
BERKELEY, Cal., April 15.— fresh
man class at the State University has at
last decided to celebrate the completion of
their algebra and elementary English
courses by the time-honored pyrotechnic
display and the burning of "Bourdon and
Minto." When the matter of giving the
celebration was first brought up it was de
cided to do away with the accustomed
"burial" and to substitute for it a dancing
party in the "gym."
The. sophomores, their natural college
rivals, believe that this substitution was
due to the fact that the freshmen received
at their hands so severe a trouncing in the
last annual rush. The freshmen hearing
that the "sophs" held this opinion de
cided not to be bluffed, but to make a
game fight to carry out their performances
despite the expected resistance from the
second-year men. The "sophs" say that the
"ireshies" will be permitted to go about
town with their procession, colored lights
and fireworks, but they will not be al
lowed to reach the campus, the place
where the speeches are ordinarily made
and the coffin burned. Secret committees
of arraugemets have been appointed bj
the freshman president and collectors are
going the rounds gathering in the assess
ment for the celebration. The date of the
"burial" has not yet been set, but it is ex
pected that the freshmen will announce it
for some time next week, as the weeks fol
lowing will be given up to examinations.
Numerous Prizes Offered.
BERKELEY, Cal., April 15.— A large
number of prizes have been offered to com
peting exhibitors in the coming flower
show. Six prize* are up for roses aione,
awards being offered on the basis of the
largest and best collection, for the best
twelve varieties and for the best six varie
ties—two prizes for each, one to be com
peted for by amateurs who employ no
skilled labor and the other by amateurs
who do employ skilled labor. "There will
Rev. George B. Hatch, Who Has Com
menced a Crusade Against Worldly
Church Singers.
also be prizes to be sought for by all the
exhibitors. They will be for the best col
lection of pelargoniums, best collection of
carnations, best display of ferns, best dis
play of eschscholtzias. best single rose,
best display of pansies, best exhibit of
bulbous and tuberous plants. A prize will
also he offered to school children for the
best display of wild-flower bouquets.
University Register Out.
BERKELEY, Cal., April 15.— The new
register for the University of California
for the year 1395-06 arrived from the State
Printer at Sacramento this morning. No
material change has been made in it over
the one issued in 1895. It goes somewhat
more into detail, however, and is sixteen
pages larger. y-ry
Professor Griggs to Lecture.
BERKELEY, Cal., April 15.— Professor
Griggs of Stanford University will lecture
at Utiles Hall next Friday evening on
"The* Ethics of Social Reconstruction,"
the lecture being the fifth of the course
being delivered under the auspices of the
local Unitarian Society.
Fraternal Orders to Entertain.
BERKELEY, Cal., April 15.— re
ception by the Daughters of the Kins? and
Brotherhood of St. Andrew of St. Mark's
Episcopal Church will take place next Sat
urday evening at Stiles Hall. The exer
cises will consist mainly of a promenade
concert and social.
Baseball at Palo Alto.
BERKELEY, Cal., April 15.— The Uni
versity of California baseball team will
play a nine from the Santa Clara College
at the Palo Alto grounds next Saturday
afternoon.
Academic Field Day
. BERKELEY. Cal., April 15. — The
fourth semi-annual Held day of the Acad
emic Athletic League will be held at the
university cinder track Saturday, April 18,
at Ip. m. The league comprises the fol
, lowing schools: Oakland High, Polytech- i
Auction Bales
GEO. F. LAMSON, AUCTIONEER.
Office— 4 Knarny Street.
THIS DAY.
Thursday April 16,1896,
At _ o'clock r. m. on the Premises.
NO. 260% ANNAN ST.,
(Kearny-st. electric cars pass the door),
yyi :'■:. , y — i WILL SELL....
The superior nearly new Furniture of 15
handsomely furnished rooms.
Comprising: Handsome odd pieces Parlor Up-
holstery; Fine Lace Curtains; Mirrors; Pictures;
Best Body Brussels and Tapestry Carpets: 1 Ele-
gant Mirror-front Folding Bed; 3 Handsome Pol-
ished OaK Chamber Suits: Double and three-
quarter Bedsteads; Bureaus; Washstands: Fino
Spring and Hair Mattresses: Bedding; with a
quantity of other desirable Furniture. •
Terms: Cash.
GEO. F. LAMSOX, Auctioneer.
PAVILION AUCTION HOUSE,
319-321 Sutter Street, above Grant aye.
at SALESROOM
THIS DAY.
Thursday April 16, 1896,
At 10:30 o'clock a. it., I will sell
The Elegant Oak, Walnut and Cherry
Parlor, Bedroom, Dining-room, Li-
brary and Kitchen Furniture
Of 4 private houses removed to salesroom for con-
venience of sale; also 6 A No. 1 Water-back
Ranges and 1000 yards of almost new Carpets.
S. BASCH, Auctioneer.
Nic High, Alameda High, Sacramento
Wish, St. Matthew's High, Berkeley Gym
nasium, Lowell High, Berkeley" High,
Stockton High, Centerville High, Hoitt's
School and" the Alameda University
Academy.
Night-Blooming Cereus.
BERKELEY, Cal., April 15.— The State
University's night-blooming cereus un
folded its petals for the first time last
night at the conservatory on the north
side of the campus. Only'a few were pres
ent to witness the birtn and the death of
this annual blooming flower.
ALAMEDA REPUBLICANS.
Large Attendance to Discuss the
• Question of Prima
ries.
Justice Morris' Buggy Stolen— An
Resident Stricken With
Paralysis.
ALAMEDA, Cal., April 15.— 1t is diffi
cult for the Republican voters to know
just where they "are at." E. K. Taylor,
chairman of the TMrd Congressional com
mittee, has refused to recognize the re
sults of either open or joint club prima
ries. At the Republican meeting in Lin
derman Opera-house this evening he stated
that his appointees to the Congressional
Convention in Sacramento would be E. B.
Mastick, Henry Sevening, Joseph R.
Knowland and W. H. Davis.
He said that of the eighty-three dele
gates forming this convention no less than
fifty-three would be appointed, the remain
ing thirty being elected by primaries. He
claims that three methods of selection
have been in vogue in the past: First, ap
pointment; second, direct election; third,
selection by a convention, the members of
which are elected by primaries. He has
been in favor, and is still in favor, of elec
tion by primaries if a common working
basis could be arrived at. When he and
W. Morrison declined to vote any longer
with Mr. Earl, they did it to relieve the
deadlocx existing, and on the distinct un
derstanding that each committeeman was
to be responsible for his appointees, and
not the committee as a whole.
He was quite willing then to allow the
Republican clubs to select the delegates
and he would have confirmed their selec
tion if they could have agree on a common
working plan. This he would have done
to relieve the hiatus and keep a harmony
among the clubs. But he refused to allow
any one club or committee from it to
dictate who should be the delegates at the
expense of the others and then shoulder
the responsibility. Therefore as no fair
system had been arrived at he had ac
cepted the inevitable and appointed these
gentleman.
E. B. Mastick belongs to no club, Henry
Sevening and Joseph K. Knowland are
members of the Republican Club, W. H.
Davis is attached to the Regular Republi
can Club and belongs to the Veteran Re
publican Club. Mr. Taylor also said that
the persons elected by the primaries on
Saturday would not go to the convention
in Sacramento, but only to Oakland to the
county convention and this convention
would select the delegates to go to Sacra
mento, "y-^. r : -y.'-:'ji'
At last night's meeting about 100 were
present, and the Hon. G. R. Miller was
selected as the fifth nominee.
A motion being made that the selection
be approved, Mackie objected, but his ob- j
jection was overruled. The matter being
nut to a vote, the ayes and noe3 were
found to be equal, and no decision was ar
rived at. Some desultory talk ensued,
which ended in Mackie's moving that the
club instruct the executive committee to .
make arrangements to hold primaries.
Mr. yon Schmidt made a plea for union
among Republicans.
I. P. Allan was opposed to anything like
a centralization of power, ami recom
mended calmness and deliberation.
Mr. Hunt contended that there was no
necessity for the holding of primaries, see
ing that the regulars had withdrawn. He |
moved that the club indorse the nominees.
A point of order raised by Mr. Mackie
was overruled, and Mr. Hunt's motion
carried without a dissenting voice.
Henry Koppitz Stricken.
ALAMEDA, Cal.. April 15.— Henry
Koppitz, an old resident, was stricken
with acute paralysis last night in Henry !
Muller's grocery-store on Santa Clara
avenue. He formerly was the flute
player in the Tivoli and Baldwin or
chestras.
Alameda News Items.
ALAMEDA, Cal., April 14.— 50 many
of the Sunset telephone-wires are carried
on the city fire-alarm posts that when the
company's repairers are at work the fire
wires are grounded and an alarm sent in.
To-day such an event occurred, and it was
some time before the fire laddies recovered
their equanimity. . yy\-%~.H y
Justice Morris owns a fast trotter and a
new buggy. They were cared for by a
young man named Jim Timothy. Now
the Judge has only the horse. James sold
the buggy and vamosed, and his Honor
will now have to seek the aid of the court
to recover the same. A warrant has been
issued for his hostler's arrest.
y The People's party will hold a primary
on Saturday between the hours of 4 and 8
p. m. to elect delegates to their State Con
vention. ■'.--; y-. .yy
Rev. W. T. Jordan last night delivered a
successful lecture on ''Sunny Life in the
South" to a large audience in the First
Baptist Church.
Mis. Elizabeth Pulzman, an old resi
dent in this city, died this evening at 6
o'clock. Her death is ascribed to nul
monary trou bles. She was 57 years of age
and leaves three sons. Her body will be
interred in Odd Fellows' Cemetery, San
Francisco, on Friday.
Veterinary Surgeon Tom Carpenter is
busily engaged in making a physical ex
amination of every cow in the city. So
far none have had "to be . condemned for
tv berculosis or other bronchial affections.
The semi-annual election of the Ala
meda Cycling Club held last night was a
lively affair and resulted in the election
of Jesse F. Ives president, Fletcher Hoyt
vice-president, Frank E. Granam. secre
tary, W. M. Ramsey treasurer and Vin
cent A. Dodd captain. Ten oew members
LAYMANCE
Real Estate & Investment Company,
466 Eighth St., Oakland.
SPECIAL LONG CREDIT
AUCTION SALE
OF
M choice on
RESIDENCE LOTS, ZU
THE VERS - CREAM OF
:oesje^^s_.esi e_." , s"
WE WILL SELL
SATURDAY, APRIL 18, 1806,
At 2 o'clock r. m., upon the ground,
20 MAGNIFICENT RESIDENCE LOTS,
40x132:6 each, In block 4 of the Cass Tract,
Berkeley, upon
UNPRECEDENTED TERMS.
$10 cash as first payment, balance $5 PER
MOSTII. Low rate of Interest at 7 per cent per
annum. Streets graded and sewered. Electric cars
and half-hourly local trains to San Francisco only
1 and 9 bloc m away.
Too much importance cannot be attached to
property at Berkeley, and lt is safe to say that well-
located residence lots, fine view . of th© Golden
Gate, the bay of San Francisco on one side, tho
beautiful line of foothills on the other, with a cli-
mate unsurpassed, fine school, religious and so-
cial advantages, will double and treble ln value
before you have your lot paid for.
Remember this Is the first opportunity ever
offered In Berkeley to buy a home at auction with
only SIO cash. You cannot afford to miss It.
Secure a catalogue and examine the property be-
fore day of sale.
lor further particulars apply to
LAY3IANCE REAL ESTATE AND IN-
VESTMENT COMPANY, 466 Eighth
St. , Oakland,
GEORGE SCHMIDT, Berkeley, or
WM. BUTTERFIELD, second floor, Crocker
building, San Francisco.
were elected and an installation banquet
on the 27th inst. arranged for.
The Encinal Yacht Club will formally
open its season next Saturday afternoon
and evening with sailing and swimming
matches, a vaudeville entertainment and
dancing.
F, N. Delanoy has been sued by his
daughter, M. F. Delanoy, for $600, the
value of six shares in the Mutual Building
and Investment Society. She sold them
to her father in September, 189-, and has
not received the value thereof.
Od
Fred Monteel of Pacific avenue will
leave to-morrow for Alaska as engineer in
the United States revenue cutter Bear.
Veteran Editor Kraut formerly of the
Encinal, and T. G. Danielis of the Argus
leave to-morrow for Sacramento.
DEATH OF S. A. HOWARD.
A Wealthy Woodland 3lnn Passes Away
at the Grand Hotel. ,
S. A. Howard, one of the early residents of
Woodland, died about 2 o'clock yesterday
afternoon at the Grand Hotel, in this City.
Mr. Howard, about two weeks ago, went
from Woodland to Highland Springs, Lake
County, for treatment.
He did not get any better there, though
he had careful medical attention ail the
time. It was decided, therefore, to bring
him back to this City and also to try and
get him home. It was believed that once
at home he would improve. Joseph Craig,
the proprietor of Highland Springs, and
Dr. W. Kellogg, who lives at tne springs,
came down with the ailing man. He was
able to ride to the hotel in a streetcar and
walked in, almost as well as any one appar
ently with the exception of what appeared
to be a temporary weakness.
Mr. Howard, however, had a complica
tion of ailments and he rapidly grew
worse. Dr. J. O. Hirschfelder was* called
in and everything possible was done, but
nothing could save him. Mr. Howard was
a leading Democrat and long prominent
in the politic.' of Yolo County. He was
the owner a l*rge ranch a few miles east
of Woodland. Ho also was a grower and
dealer in livestock. He was about 70 years
old. E. T. Clowe, a relative, came down
from Woodland last night and will take
the remains home to-day.
WATER FRONT MARKET.
State Fruit-Growers This Morning Con
vene to Discuss the Proposition.
The State fruit-growers will hold a con
vention at the Chamber of Commerce this
morning to consider the subject of the set
ting aside of part of the water front for the
establishment of a wholesale market for
perishable products, where any producer
may sell or have sold his products by any
agent of his choice.
They will in the convention determine
whether in their judgement such a market
is advisable. If such a proposition is coun
tenanced steps necessary for its establish
ment will be taken.
The convention will be addressed by able
speakers, thoroughly versed with the sys
tem of public markets. All commission or
other merchants dealing in perishable
products are urged to be present.
Blip
lisppl
I whiSk
A smart Broadway, New
York, druggist has
this sign hanging outside
his store, it marks the
new era of drug selling.
Is it any wonder that he
has to enlarge his quar-
ters, that his clerks are
busy, and that his store is
one of the most popular
along the leading thor-
oughfare ?
You can afford to trade
with a druggist that has
such a motto as that
/C "!&_ Dispensary,
___9_Bsi» ,'n_*-?, EA,iWY XT ' Established
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
r?__._H_ UUUrT **« Established
IJQISM fortheireatmentof Private
c4%4tSs_^l Diseases. Lost Manhood. Debility or
2, ease w earingoii bodyandmindand
•^Kin Diseases Thedoctorcureswhen
- _28B^J&^l others fall. Try him. Charges low.
CnrMgiiaranufd. Callorwrlta,
Dr. J. _ . uililHW, Box 1»37. Saa Fraud***
1314
HOTEL AERIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL
H V Movers. Bloomfleld T Smart ,Tr<ft w, Utah
H E Hatch. Utah . W F Smith, Sacto
W W Calder, Salt Lake Miss A ("aider, Salt Lake
Mrs A Lyon, Salt Lake Miss E Barton, salt Lake
Miss Tnddeuham.Slt Lk .1 S Jensen ft w.Salt Lake
Mrs Malm, Salt Lake Miss A Malm, Salt Lake
Miss T Rirrell.salt Miss E Reed, Salt Lake
D M Owen, salt Lake E A Howard, Oakland
ETTomblin.ShastaSpgs c Hoffman, Sta Cruz
MrsSwendsen.Salt Lake Miss A Morris. Salt Lake
A Pederson, Salt Lake H GAYliitneyAw, sit Lake
CGulltver, Cal J D Spencer* w.Slt Lake
M Chrlstophersen.Slt Lk Miss L Patrick.Salt Lake
Miss M Cain.. Salt Lake W G Patrick. Salt Lake
B Clawson Jr, Salt Lake Miss Babcock, Salt Lake
Miss Ron my, Salt Lake 11 J Ensign.tw, salt Lake
Miss 11 Penrose.Slt Lake Miss L Penrose, salt Lake
C 1. Whitney, salt Lake X M .lames, Salt Lake
Mrs Lynch, Salt Lake Mrs Ashworth, salt Lake
Miss Chambers, Sit Lake Miss E Musser, Salt Lake
C Thomasaeuftw, sit Lk CSCarrington&w.SltLke
YV E YVelhe&w.Sit Lake T T Burton, Salt Lake
a X Mason, Salt Lake
It E Easton, Suit Lake Mrs M Snell, Salt Lake
Mrs A C Pyper, Salt Lk (■ li Pyper, Salt Lake
J DOweu <£ w, Salt l4ike B Stephens. Salt Lake
C s Martin, Salt Lake J Poll, Salt Lake
J Collin <fe w. Salt Lake II McDonald, Salt Lake
J H Bennett. Salt Lake N Brackin ft w. Salt Lk
Mrs Mahnken, Salt Lake YV W Dougall. Salt Lake
J shea ft w, salt Lake P Pugsley ft w. Salt Lake
Mrs EThOmpaOn.Salt Lk Mrs M Barlow, Salt Lake
Mrs L Broadbeot, Salt Lk Mrs R Widdeson, Salt Lk
H .1 Foulger ft w. Salt Lk Miss It Wallace, Salt Lk
Miss W Wallace, Salt Lk .Miss C Adams, Salt Lake
Miss A McUuighlen, S L Miss X Thomas, Salt Lk
Miss X Rigsby, Salt Lake i; Henry. Oakland
J X Higgins, Astoria Mrs Leithwalte, Portland
Miss Leithwaite, Porilnd VV X Morley, N V
Dr G Madison. Peoria E P YY'allLi. N V
Miss A Bitner, Salt Lake Miss i. Kline;-, Salt Lake
Miss H Bunne, Salt Lake Miss M Raleigh, Salt Lk
Miss A Foster. Salt Lake Mrs L D Alder, Salt Lake
Miss FL Alder, sal; Lake Miss LMarcroft, Salt Lk
Miss C Grose, Sail Lake Mrs YY' L White, Salt Lk
Mrs J Silverwood, Salt L J H White. Salt Lake
<. McMurtie, Logan Miss t, I. Birrell, Salt Lk
Mrs A Albright. Salt Lk A YY'eilheimer, Fresno
J D Bancroft, Citrus D D Johnson. St Louis
JAVan Boseklen.Seattle YY" VY r Murray, san Jose
R J Faby, Portland A H Hart, N V'
Mrs H Lawson.salt Lake Miss C Lawson.Salt Lake
Miss B Lawson.Salt Lake W H Webb, Salinas
J M Schemel, Gilroy Miss L Webb. Salinas
1. \v Mi Caw, Chicago A W Kirk, Cal
H E Stevens &w, N V Miss Stevens, N V
M R Dewey J; w, N \' Miss Murigar, Salt Lake
Miss J Alper, Salt Lake Miss L Use. Salt Lake
Miss V Peart, Salt Lake Miss E Irvine, Salt Lake
Miss M Fulmer, S Lake Miss F Poulton.Salt Lake
Miss L Stremberg.SLake Miss 1. Naylor. Salt Lake
Mr, (3 1. Morgan.RßlaS Mrs J Ellison. Red Bluff
M Rodgers, Peoria E C Garlick, Cleveland
E P Steacy Aw, Minn W L Benton &w. Minn
Mrs nr Davis, Salt Lake F Qallacfaer Ac w. s Lake
Miss LThoraas.SaltLake MissK McAllister.SLake
Ci R Thoburn, Tacoma X Waters, Y't
Mrs J N Stephens, lowa Miss \Y" M Stephens, lowa
B S Jones, SeaC.le A M YY'orlley. Salt Lake
ET Barton, Salt Lake Miss E Jorgenson.S Lake
Miss Ella Jorgenson, (i Foster. Salt Lake
Salt Lake B A Scare, Salt Lake
J Hunter, Napa Miss F Sherwood, Oakld
E H Wlnship. Napa Miss L Sherwood, Oakld
A W Robinson, Napa A F Gray, San Jose
W X McCoy, Stanford 0 R Fessier, San Jose
H Greely it w. Marysvle X F Pennell, (.hico
J F Ellison, Red Bluff J F Martin, Columbus
Mrs H B Irwin, luting LYV Batten field Aw, Del
Miss J Markham. YVhitg YV A Ray <_ w. s Lk Ct J
Miss X li Simpson, l.sin Mrs L C YY'estlake, Pa
Mrs J P II Cunningham, r ll Cunningham, Pa
Newcastle, Pa a l. Becker, Buffalo
M P G'.eason, Middletwn J W cook, Willows
W M Thompson, Willws Mrs E A orr, Reno, Nev
C L ltuggie.s. Stockton i' Mac tinder Aw, fcj Ulna
Mrs 11 Malioy, Chico T a Weed, Rutherford
RUSS HOUSE.
B B Freeman ft dau, Cai A B schoonmaker. Cal
J C right ft wf, Cal A D Mason, Nevada City
J A Hardin, Santa Rosa s Woodbury, Eureka
YV F Dalzell, Hollis'ter "G M Foote, Hollister
YV A George & wf. Colo A George, Colorado City
J Rhineamith, Ft YY'avne Mrs Robertson ft daugh-
I' Cam Dal Ift wft Los Ang ter, Ben Lomond
E Reed, Garbersvllle A P Overton. Santa Rosa
SC Story, Santa Rosa D Cogney, Falrview
George Cogney. Falrview k Coolldge, San Jose
R A Brown, spur YV .1 Blain ft wf, Colma
C A Cook, YVatsonville G E McCartney, Cal
.7 R Putnam, Dixon B R Nourse, Sacto
E A Bunce, Alamo X H Burger, Santa Rosa
D J Crimmingsand wife, John s Hogan, Napa
YY'alla YY'alla s Hansen, Lemoore
F. McGettigan. Y'allejo P Quinn, Humboidt
John C Patrick, Boston YV B White, Grnd Rapids
Miss v. Fayerweather, S G Goodman, Bodeaa
lowa YV P stone, Howards
Ira Li YVines ft yv, Nev H Austin ft w. Salt Lake
Miss to E Keyser, Oklnd J Jeans, Winters
V R UammeU, Petaluma ,1 B Fra6ier, Boston
I-evi Hemmed, Los Ang F Pozek, Eden Y'aliey
Win Hammell-Graai Y'ly A Strener, Eden Valley
Mrs YV Ralston ft d, M Kovlck, Eden Valley
Minn F Glasic, Eden Valley
.1 M Williams, Eugene S G Little, Dixon
M a Byrne, Mm View P P Bush, Denver
C P terry. Mtn View C G Hale. Tulare
COSMOPOLITAN HOTEL
V Aguilero, S L Obispo F Martin Aw, Antioch
11 Masey, N V D Leahy, Chicago
A O Viedcng, Stockton N L Robertson, sioekton
M Ferguson* W.Portland F X (.Vise, Portland
J YY* Mc< lananan, Mo O Michael. Portland
C Scott, Portland J Hilton, Portland
F L Mintri. Oswego P Kerr, Oregon
C G P'orssill, Tacoma Miss G Julien.The Dalles
Mrs ,■. Clommson A s, Mrs L Christ. El Monte
El Monte C L Christ, El Monte
E Weeks, Fresno E Daly, Ireland
W .1 Been. Stockton D Connolly, Stockton
J McQueeney, Cal F' J Martin, Salem
H Bashe ft w, s Mateo Wft Cody, Portland
I Johnson, Portland P YVeiss. Portland
V Bailey, Portland H Y'olp A f, Portland
H Totan, Montana D C Scott, Spokane
.1 T Bitch, Portland H J Cress, Portland
G a Bobbins, Portland (' Eek, Tacoma
Julia Nelson, Seattle E Gregg, Y'ictoria
B J Thomas, Victoria
PALACE HOTEL.
J X Barton ft w, U S N S Maass, Baltimore
A A Riley, Albion i, Gregoiver, Paris
>: G MacAndrew.Englnd Mrs J X Pennick, Perm
Miss Lippincott, Perm J H Lippincott, I'enn
A Edwards ft w, Kans C Virgil Conn, Oregon
y. M Brattan, Oregon Mrs YV YV Evans.Tacoma
Miss vans. Tacoma Cap; II YY'Avers.PtAngl
C E Johnson, Salt Lake J v Dennis, Reno
YV I' Mcintosh, Los Ang J Kautroswitz, New York
YV X Sullivan, Chicago O F Pastoti, Portland
YV J Kelly, Ohio Mrs F W Buzzo.Montana
E YV Runyon, Red Bluff M McDonald ft w, Ohio
RPCrawford&w.PittsburgMrs 8 ACrawford.Pittsbg
Miss NColenall, La Crosse DSRosenbaum, Stockton
J B Hooper, Y'okelumne B V Howard ft w, Ohio
C - Homer, Ohio W H Harris ft w, Buffalo
C E Anionieski, Los Ang E Harbeck ft w, Chicago
LICK HOUSE.
C Lutzeas ft wf. Cal A McFarland, Napa
H R Fituier.Sacraniento J Flanna_an. Coos Bay
C T Battelle, Portland YV H McMinn, San Jose
1. D Gcolrich, N V J M Fulwelier, Auburn
YY'm Morehead. Sonora RCLeavltt&w.Minneapls
E D Darr&w.Minneaplis E S May, Boston
J R Patterson, Boston Geo R Colby. Boston
yv H Hlgbyftw. Cedar R D E Knight ft w.Marysvll
H Carntnnh, Marysvilie Jas II YVadsworth, Yreka
C B Parker. Or R Gallimore ft wf, Cal
J Franke. San Simeon E 0 Larkins ft wf.Y'isalia
VichorClytbe,Bt Helena I Rogers, Marin County
Hi: Irish, Santa Cruz- YY' P Hammatt, N V
11 li Hatch, Sacramento Mrs G II Grant, Oakland
Col J T Harrington ft wf, 33 Robertsftw.Marysvlle
Colusa a X Bridges, San Jose
M J Rider, Sacramento B Phillip, San Diego
1! J Richardson. Oakland
BALDWIN HOTEL.
J H Beecher, New York J C Price, Chicago
(i A Weinberg, Chicago R YV Barnes ft w, Seattle
Mrs M J Eames, Seattle J H Lyndon ft w.L Gatos
B A Jones A w, Reno A J Frank, Boston
YV I. Basnet . Detroit N J Dalrn, St Louis
C Greenberg, Pt Angeles YY' Jones, Roseburg
G Sage ft w, USA YV F Wendt, Buffalo
JYV Morriam, Chicago V C Marx, New Orleans
C Palm tag A w. YVtsnvl L E Harding ft w. Chicgo
Mrs L c Stewart, Chicgo Miss Stewart, Chicago
(' Williams, Philadelpba H Muller, Sacramento
B YVhittier, Los Angeles Miss C YVhittler. Los Ang
Mrs B J Martin, Portlnd B Jones, Valiejo
H Marks, Seattle
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
H Martin, Portland c Rother. Loomis
K.I Bother, Sacto J McCarthy, Isleton
> J Moran, Courtland JvV Ellsworth, Boston
J Stralton, San Jose C Gordon, Antioch
T Motrin.. Pa RM Keen, Pa
C Honmon, Boston YV P Guen, Portland
H Neltson, Chicago C J Bennett, Denver
¥ YV Y'ogt ft w, San Jose YY' YY'elch ft w, Pa
SAN FRANCISCO •'CALL,"
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco Cam,
--710 Market street, open until 12 o'clock every
flight in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 63O Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
339 Hayes street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
713 Larkin street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
SYV. corner Sixteenth and Mission streets, open
until 9 o'clock.
2518 Mission street, open until 9 o'clock.
. 116 Ninth street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
NOTICE OF MEETINGS.
fr~^= CALIFORNIA LODGE NO. 1, F. a
vs^y. and A. M.. will meet THIS (TH IRS- Jfx\
DAY) EVENING, April 16, at 7:30 o'clock. tfV
bird degree. By order of the Master. f^y\
FRANKLIN H. DAY. Secretary.
re_s?» DORIC LODGE No. 216. F. AND __
» = * ir a. M., 121 Eddy sl— Called meet- A
Ing THIS (THURSDAY) EVENING at^_lf
< :30 o'clock. Third degree. Master Ma- r?&£
sons in good standing are invited. By order of the
« ■ - x '- A. KRONBERG. Secretary.
IK^f* ATTENTION —MEMBERS *nT~
•***", and friends of st. Patrick's Alii- rV£_4->
ance of America are requested to attend AfrtfcJn
the annual jl »lc at Schuetzen Park next S^&^i
SUNDAY', April 19. 1896. V_Js_>
P. Tamoxv, Sec J. GANEY', Chairman.
Js£^»&HEAFEST AND BEST IN AMERICA-
f7I T . a , K } V ? B KLY CALL, sent to any address
in the l nited states or Canada one year for 81 50,
postage free. J M '
, SPECIAL NOTICES.
R^S= BAD TENANTS EJECTED FOR $4;
u»st^ collections made, city or country. Pacific
Collection Co., 415 Montgy St., 'room 6. Tel. 6580.
JPg" YVINDOYVS CLEANED AND FLOORS
I*-*' scrubbed treasonable rates: payment, for
carnages guaranteed. C. ROSSI A CO.. 242 Sutter.
____?* J_.X££IFS ?l EW S FOR S-CENTS-THE
C^*-' YVEEKI-Y CALL, in wrapper, for mailing.
DIYIIlliM) NOTICES.
*Z» DIVXXNBR D NOTICE-DIVIDEND * No.
Brs^ 30 (15 cents per share) of the Hutchinson
Sugar Plautatlon wi,l be payable at the office of
the company, 327 Markets:., on and after MON-
DAY, April 20. 189*. Transfer books win' close
Tuesday, April 14, 1896, at 3 o'clock i* „
E. H. SHELDON, Secretary.
. SITUATIONS WANTKP-FEMALE.
COMPETENT DANISH COOK AND LAUN-
dress desires situation; best references: city or
country. MISS CULLEN, 323 Sutter st.
f A DIES~CAN SECURE FIRST-CLASS HELP
Ij of all nationalities for city or country by call-
ing or addressing MISS CULLEN, 323 Sutter st.
TT'IRST-CLASS GERMAN COOK DESIRES
JT situation: best reference; city or country. MISS
CULLEN, 323 Sutter st.
IDDLE- AGED WOMAN YVANTS SlTU-
ation to do housework ; wages if 10 to $12. Call
or address 550 Mission st., bet. First and second,
room 3.
"WOMAN WISHES"" PLACE IN KITCHEN,
ff restaurant or boarding-house: capable of
understanding her own business: $10 or $12 per
month. Call or address 744 Howard st.
\\'AVTED BY A COMPETENT WOMAN
ff place to do general housework; country pre-
ferred. 5511/2 Howard st.
(A OMPETENT GIRL YVISHES A SITUATION
V^ as working housekeeper or housework; has no
objection to country. Apply 228 Twenty-eighth st.
B~~Y RESPECTABLE AMERICAN WOMAN
situation as cook; city or country; lirst-class
reference: wages $20 to $25. Call 1123 Oak st.
YOUNG GERMAN GIRL WANTS POSITION
X for upstairs work. Address 804 Valencia St.,
corner Nineteenth.
IDDLE-AGED FRENCH LADY WISHES
I'A to assist In housework in small family or take
care children. Call for 2 days at 1712 Eddy, above
grocery, between 1 and 5.
YOUNG - WISHES A POSITION TO DO
| -L general housework or as housekeeper. Call or
! address 862 V_ Fo'som: call 9to 4. t .- - % -.
{ THIRST-CLASS WOMAN WANTS SITUATION
! Sj as cook or to do general housework in small
family. Call or address 900 Folsom.
1 EXPERIENCED DRESSMAKER, PERFECT
J cutter and litter, makes a dress in two days,
would like to get engagements at $1 26 per day.
Call or address 153 Octavia, city.
IRST-CLASS GERMAN COOK WANTS
Sj place: city reference. Call or address 421
Second.
OUNG GIRL WANTS PLACE, AS NURSE
A or chambermaid. Address or call 421 Second.
IrURST-CLASS COOKS, UPSTAIRS GIRLS
and waitresses of all nationalities, infants'
nurses and housework girls registered at MISS
HICKEY"S, 1033 Post St., tel. Sutter 52.
O YVEDISH GIRL DESIRF;S A SITUATION TO
O do general housework; city references. 350
Sixth st., near Harrison.
11/ OMAN YVANTS WORK OF ANY KIND BY'
>» the day. Call or address MRS. O'KEEFE,
625 Folsom st.
OMPETENT SWEDISH COOK, ALSO
Swedish girl for housework, desire situations;
best of references. J. F. CROSETT <& CO., 312
Sutter st.
TRONG YOUNG AMERICAN WOMAN
wants washing, cleaning, moving by day. 21
Verona st., cor. Third, bet. Folsom and Harrison.
OMPETENT - TRUSTWORTHY PERSON,
not long from the East, wishes a situation^in a
small family to do housework; good cook. Address
M. A., box 87. Call Oflice.
WOMAN YVANTS SITUATION AS YVORK-
" ing housekeeper: ranch or tradesman's house.
Address W. W., box 76 Call Office.
Oil I ATION YVANTED BY' COMPETENT
O girl to do general houseworK. Call 209* Thi-
rteenth St.. near Howard.
OMPETENT LADIES' NURSE WISHES
\J few more engagements; terms reasonable:
good reference. Call 445 Jessie st.
ADY WOULD LIKH POSITION AS HOUSE-
keeper or cooking in small family. Call 86
Ninth st.
RESSMAKER WOULD like work home
or go out by the day. 301 Franklin st.
"WANTED— HOUSEWORK IN SMALL FAM-
'» ily: city or country. Apply 8 Cedar aye., be-
tween Post and Geary, off Larkin.
YOUNG WOMAN YVANTS ANY' KIND OF
x work by day; also experienced ladies' nurse.
Address 934 Twentieth st.
"YOUNG GERMAN GIRL YVANTS SI TUA-
I tion tojtake care of children and assist in house-
work. Call 608 Jessie St., off Fifth.
WANTED— POSITION AS HOUSEKEEPER",
'» companion or nurse to lady domesticated and
fond Of children; salary secondary consideration.
A idress A. V... box 7, Call Ortlce, Oakland.
SITU ATON A NTE D BY' YOUNG LADY IN
hair-dressing parlors. Address H. D., box 85,
Call.
ERMAN WOMAN WHO THOROUGHLY'
understands French and American cooking
and all kinds of fancy baking wishes to go out by
the day or week in private families: reference
given. 1338 Sacramento st.
ELI ABLE WOM AN "WANTS WORK BY
the day, washing, ironing and cleaning. Please
call or address 30 Union st.
POSITION ANTED AS WE. NURSE: BEST
S. of references. Call or address 325 Fourth St.
WOMAN WISHES" SITUATION TO DO GEN-
ff eral housework or as housekeeper; $10 to $12
month; no objection to country. 11l Twenty-sixth
St., near Mission.
V OUNGWOMAN YVANTSCHAMBERWORK,
J- waiting on table or housework; good worker:
can sew. Call or address 2_7 Sixth stl, room 6.
YOUNG MARRIED YY'OMAN WITH A CHILD
X wishes a position as housekeeper in bachelor's
or widower's family; no objection to children.
Address F. C, box 72, Call OtHce.
IKL 17 YEARS OLD - YVISHES POSITION
to care for children: can instruct in music and
assist In studies. Call 1711 Church st.
C( H.'iKI.D WOMAN WANTS MENDING, OR
would go out by the day to clean house. Call
or address 21 1 Third St., rear.
pOOK— SITUATION WANTED BY A FIRST-
\j class cook: thoroughly experienced, honest
and reliable, or do housework In small family; city
references. Address R. T., box 69, this oflice.
ITUATION ~ WANTED BY A SWEDISH
girl in small family for general housework:
sleep at home. Please call or address Rosedale
House, 319-321 Ellis st.
W 1 DO r WITH ONE CHILD WANTS POSI-
'» tion as working housekeeper; city or country;
small wages: references. 1537 Mission st.
ROMAN - WANTS WORK BY' THE DAY;
'» washing, ironing or housecleaning. Call or
address 1906 a Mission st., near Fifteenth.
V WOMAN TO DO GENERAL HOUSE-
work; no objection to short distance in coun-
try. Call or address 1169 Mission, room 7.
FIRST -CLA SS CHAMBERMAID YVOULD
like position in hotel or lodging-house, or would
do housework in small laniiiy or widower's 'amily;
city or county. Call or address 610 Clay St., 11 to
4 o'clock.
YOUNG GERMAN LADY-WISHING TO GO
J- to Europe would like to assist lady or children
for her passage. Please call or address MISS L. L.,
436 Minna st. ,v. . !>_j
YOUNG WIDOW YVISHES A POSITION AS
I housekeeper. Call 1020 Market St., room 20,
second floor.
"1/XPERIENCED GIRL WISHES A POSITION
XJJ a3 seamstress and second work. Apply at 333
Eighteenth st.
ANTED-SITUATION BY' RESPECTABLE
girl to assist with light housework. Address
or call 1024 Washingion st.
YOUNG LADY YVISHES ANY LIGHT OCCIT-
X pation from 9 till 5 p. it. daily; can cut and fit
dresses; children's clothes made, etc. Apply 706
Ellis st.
WINCHESTER HOUSE, 44 THIRD ST., NR.
'» Market; 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 per night;
$1 50 to $6 per week: convenient and respectable;
tree bus to and from the ferry.
CHEAPEST AND BEST IN AMERICA—
WEEKLY CALL, sent to any address in the
United states or Canada one year for $150, post-
ag free.
j SITUATION'S WANTED— MALE.
/(OMPETENT MEN FOR ALL KINDS OP
VJ work, long or short job, furnished at once free
of charge by c. K. HANSEN & CO., 110 Geary st.
TtTiRST-CLASS ENGLISH BUTLER DESIRES
JC situation; also French butler; best references;
city or country. Apply MISS CULLEN, 323
Sutter st. . :.. :'. ;---■ :
UNTER & CO., CHINESE AND JAPAN-
ese employment office, 17 Webb St.. below
Kearny, bet. California and Sacramento, tel. 231.
CHINESE "AND JAPANESE RELIABLE
help; tel. Main 1997. BRA DLEYACO.. 640 Clay.
PC. G. COOK'S SOC. SUPPLIES COOKS; ALL
. branches tshort notice. 14 Gearv. tel.Grant 46.
JAPANESE AND CHINESE EMPLOYMENT
office; best help. 3148 Sutter: teL Grant 30.
CIHINESE AND JAPANESE EMPLOYMENT
VJ office; best help. 41 41/2 O'Farrell; tel. E. 426.
I, A HER, WITH 2 CHILDREN, 1 GIRL 13
x years old, 1 boy 14 years old. wishes to find
work on a ranch or vineyard or to take charge of
one: the girl and boy for their hoard only; the
father. 44 years old, Is competent In farming, vine-
ya d and all cellar work, having done so many
years: can give the best of reference. Please ad"-
dress E., box 33, Call Office.
OSITION WANTED BY A GERMAN AS
man about place In private family; under-
stands horses, cows; can milk and drive as well as
take care of flowers or vegetable garden. Address
P. JEAN. 861 Market st.
W ANTED - SITUATION BY MAN AND
" wife (Swedish), man coachman and experi-
enced gardener, woman neat housegirl and good
cook; city or country; best references. Address
YV. A., box 64, this office.
SYVEDISH5 YVEDISH YOUNG MAN WITH BEST OF
kJ reference wants place In private family to take
care of horses and garden; city or country. Call
at 1020 Mission st.
OITUATION WANTED BY MIDDLE-AGED
O man, retired shipmaster, who speaks and writes
German, as collector, watchman, foreman or cou-
rier; best references. Address E. c, box 49. Call.
(A ERMAN, 25, WISHES OUTDOOR POSITION
YJ of any kind; best reference. H. HORNUNG
340 Minna st. '
WAN T ED-.BY YOUNG MAN OF~ 20~EM-
" ployment of any kind; city or country; writes
fair business hand, and is willing to work. Ad-
dress S. C, box 87, this office. |
TNTELLIGENT GERMAN * WISHES
X steady place as porter or any kind of work in
wholesale house or factory; can furnish best refer-
ences. Call or address 621 Twenty-fourth st.
OMPETENT HOUSE - PAINTER wlth
VJ tools wants work; day or piece work; owners
furnish material; no objection to country.
Painter, 23 Pleasant st.
THE SAN FKAJs CISCO CALL, THIJKSDAT, AFKIJC. 16, 1896.
SITUATIONS WANTED-Contintied.
SALESM^NfISTcOUNTRY TO INTRODUCE
articles in the retail grocery trade. Address J.
F. 11. , box 15, Call Office.' .
GtOUD VTSEHANITj MODELS, EXPERI-
*" mental patterns, etc.. wants situation; experi-
ence. Address A. li., box 68. Call Office.
I"YRUGCLERK. A l, YVISHES EMPLOYMENT
SJ about May 1; city or country. Address H. W.
WAGNER, 1418 \ r allejo st., city. .
TWO YOUNG MENAVITH TEAM, ABOUT TO
travel around the state, wish to post or paint
advertisements for business houses. Address P.
P., box 85, Call OtHce.
Cl ARDINER AND COACHMAN WISHES SIT-
X nation in private place; city or country; best
references. Address G. C, box 138, Call Office.
SITUATION WANTED AS ASSISTANT
bookkeeper, stock or shipping clerk, driver of
delivery wagon or porter; good references ana long
city experience. Address H. E., box 131, Call.
YOUNG BOY LIVING YVITH PARENTS
A wishes a place as cash or errand boy: wages no
object. Address O. R., box 93, Call Office.
YOU NG MAN 26 YVISHES A POSITION OF
x any kind: small wages to start with. Address
Er. H., box 75, Call ollice.
SOBER, INDUSTRIOUS MAN WANTS SlTU-
ation as teamster, to take care of horses and
make himself useful; can milk; well acquainted
with city. Call or address 227 Sixth st., room 6.
STEADY' YOUNG MAN, ENGLISH, YVITH
good education and references, wishes situa-
tlon. Address E. IL. box 81. Call Office.
TWO STRONG YOUNG GERMANS DESIRE
situation on farm, ranch or vineyard. G., box
6, Call Office, Oakland.
Tlf IDDLE-AGED MAN, SCOTCH, WANTS
I'A place; understands cooking, housework, care of
stock and raising poultry; moderate pay. C. R. 8.,
Call Ollice, Oakland.
— C OMPETENT MIDDLE-AGED GERMAN
wishes position m private place to take care of
line horse; good careful driver; also plain good
gardener; can milk; city or country; will make
himself generally useful: good references. Ad-
dress MATTHEW, box 57 Call Office. *
WANTED — SITUATION AS GROOM OR
'» coachman by Englishman; age 26; single;
first-class references; city or country. Address
11. 8., 265% Tehama st., city.
SOBER, INDUSTRIOUS MAN YVITH FlRST-
class Eaat'-rn and San Francisco references
wishes situation as coachman and gardener. Ad-
dress C. G., box 137, Call Office.
(A PAINTER AND DECORATOR FROM
"T the East wants a situation: good in water or
oil. Address G. F., box 10, Call Office.
ERMAN MAN - WOULD LIKE TO TAKE
charge of a ranch ; understands running gaso-
line engine and grain-separator: good butter-
maker. Call or address A. 2135 Harrison st.
TEADY, RELIABLE YOUNG GERMAN (22)
)~ wishes a situation; reference. Address T.
PETERSON, 821 Hampshire St., city.
J>OY DESIRES TO LEARN BARBER TRADE.
I » Address 8., box 33, this office.
RACTICAL GARDENER DESIRES A POSl-
lion in private family; can milk and care for
horses: city and country; references. Gardener,
box 162, this office.
MAN WANTS POSITION IN WINE BUSl-
ness; 14 years' experience. Apply 2816 Gold-
en Gate a\'e.
~AN EASTERN YOUNG MAN, EXPERI-
?\ enced in engine manufacturing, draughting
and general office work, desires a position as an as-
sistant or manager In any honorable business
having a future for him, as he wishes to locate in
the YVest: is willing to work hard. Address YV. 8.,
box 110, Call Office.
"}>Y A MIDDLE-AGED GERMAN, GENER-
S* ally useful; good horseman; understands
gardening; can milk: city references: moderate
wages. Situation, Postoflice, North Teme3cal,
Alameda County.
1 EMPLOYMENT AT ANY TERMS AS DELIY'- 1
Jery-wagon driver, by thoroughly experienced, j
reliable and temperate young man of good charac-
ter and references. Address D. YV.. box 99, Call.
MAN," 30." THOROUGHLY' RELIABLE. NOT j
afraid of work, wants employment; writes a I
good hand. Address N. N.. box 120, Call Office.
SITUATION WANTED BY" YOUNG GERMAN I
O in private place to ta_e care of horses, garden !
and cows: good driver: best of references. Ad- i
dress J. DESHYVANDEN. Napa. Cal.
FEMALE HELP WANTED.
WANTE I SKI '()NtT^VND~SEW
'T ing, $20; Swedish girl for Stockton, $25;
chambermaid, lodging-house, $25; German cook,
$25; German waitress, restaurant, $4 a week;
French cook for mining camp, $30. LEON AN-
DRE, 315 Stockton.
CATHOLIC WORKING HOUSEKEEPER, $20:
Vj second girl. Nevada, $25; cook. Stockton,
525: cook, institution, $50. MISS CULLEN, 323 I
Putter st.
bE AM STRESS AND MAID. $25, SLEEP
»^ home. MISS CULLEN, 323 Sutter St.
WOMAN YVITH A BABY, S7. MISSCULLEN,
ff 323 Sutter st.
OLORED NURSE. COUNTRY, 820: MISS
CULLEN, 323 Sutter st.
PANISH COOK, $25: COOK, AMERICAN
O family, $35: German chambermaid and seam-
stress. $25: 15 housework girls, city and country, j
$20 and $25; 10 housework girls, assist, $10 to I
I $15. MISS CULLEN. 323 Sutter st.
OUSEYVORK GIRL, SLEEP HOME, $12.
Miss CULLEN, 323 Sutter st.
COOK, SMALL BOARDING-HOUSE, CITY,
$20; 4 waitresses and chambermaids for sum-
mer resorts, see party here, $20; German or Scan-
dinavian girl for Haywards, $15; young girl for
Alameda, $20; 2 German girls for housework,
city, $15: girls for housework, city and country,
$15 and $20. C.R. HANSEN <fe CO., 110 Geary.
1.) GIRLS FOR HOUSEWORK, SMALL FAjH
X. ilies, $25: waitress. $20; German cook, $30:
woman to assist in housework. S2O: and a number
Of Others. MRS. II IRD, 721 Kills st.
HOUSE! i 1 L, STOCKTON, $25: ALAMEDA,
$20; Livermore, $20; cook. Jewish family,
$25; 2 nurses $15; ranch cook, $15; COOk, Ameri-
can family, $25. MME. LEOPOLD, 20 Stockton.
"jYTRAT YOUNG GIRL TO MIND CHILD:
AY Presedio; wages $10. MISS HICKEY", 1033
Post st.
I|HRST-CLASS LAUNDRESS FOR PRIVATE
family; must have references: wages $25.
MISS HICKF:Y, 1033 Post st.
3 GERMAN HOI sI : OB GIRLS; GOOD
O wages. MISS HICKEY, 1033 Post st.
O COOKS. RESTAURANT, CW V, $20; PASTRY
XJ cook for institution, s2s; German cook for pri-
vate family, $25; French cook, private family $20;
German maid, $20: 2 second girls, $20 to $25;
German second girl, $26; 2 chambermaids, city,
$15; 5 girls for general housework. city, $15 tos2o;
2 waitresses, city, $15 to $20; 1 typewriter in in-
stitution: A nurseglrls, $12 to $15; 4 houseworK
gins, country, $15, $20, $25, and 20 other places
open for first-class help. State Labor Bureau, 325
Sutter st., San Francisco, Cal. Telephone 5271,
Main.
I J RIGHT, ATTRACTIVE YOUNG LADY
if canvassers; experience not necessary; to deal
with business people only. U. S. Industrial
Agency, room 167, Crocker building.
ANTED — SKI RTM A ON LADIES'
duck suits at 3 Cleveland St., bet. Folsom and
Harrison, Sixth and Seventh.
iddle-aged"woman FOR housework
in exchange for board and lodging. 52 Nor-
folk St., near Harrison and Eleventh, upstairs.
W ANTED— DRESSMAKER: ONE EXPERI-
>' enced in cutting and fitting; references re-
quired. Call at 1609 O'Farrell st.
OUSEKEEPER IN SMALL FAMILY. CALL
between 11 and 1 or after 7 p. it. at 825 Penn-
sylvania aye., near carhouse.
/I IRL IN CANDY FACTORY. NINTH AND
V.T Market sts., basement.
YOUNG GIRL FOR COUNTRY: GOOD HOME;
I small wages. Call 428 Chestnut st., rear.
ANTED-YOUNG GERMAN (URL - FOR
general housework. 2056 Mission st.
IRL TO ASSIST YViTH HOUSEYVORK AND
care of infant; $10. 1334 Page st.
i"* IRL TO ASSIST IN FAMILY OF 2; BLEEP
VJ home. 2424 Folsom St., after 9.
\' </t..s(i GIRL, 13 OR 14, TO TAKE CARE 2
A children and assist in very light housework ;
wages $6 a month. 219 Scott st.
"\> OUNG GIRL. ABOUT - 16 YEARS. FOR
J. housework.- 2014 Green.
XPERIENCED BUTTONHOLE-MAKERS ON
J shirts. Apply between 9 and 10 a. m. at 9
Geary, room 10.
\ OUNG GIRLS TO BASTE AND FELL; GOOD
x wages. Apply 9 Stevenson st., top loft, im-
mediately.
XPERIENCED OPERATORS ON OVER-
shirts. Apply 18 Sutter, 4th floor.
171 X P E R MNCED OVERSEAM GLOVE-
X_ maker. 413 Market. »
TIfANTED— EXPERIENCED APPRENTICE
"* in tailoring. 2247b Mission.
UMARTGIRLTO LEARN TAILORING: PAID
O while learning. 291 Natoma.
GIRL IN RESTAURANT. TONY'S COFFEE-
hous°.,722 Howard st.
PPRENTICE ON PANTS. 151 TEHAMA
street.
IRL To" ASSIST AT HOUSEYVORK. 827
Golden Gate aye., upstairs. i
CEAM STB s - : GOOD WAGES APPLY lit-
O mediately. 9 Stevenson st., top loft.
(A IRL TO DO GENERAL HOUSEYVORK; AS-
VJT sist cooking. 245 Fourth st.
YOUNG WOMAN FOR CHAMBER AND
A general housework. Call 7 Grant aye., 9to 2.
IRL TO ASSIST YVITH HOUSEYVORK AND
vl branch b kery. 632 O'Farrell st.
PPRENTICE IN MILLINERY-STORE. 692
McAllister st-
GERMAN GIRL - FOR GENERAL HOUSE-
vJ work; small family; no washing; $15. 1909
Vailejo st., near Octavia. .
WANTED — EXPERIENCED CHOCOLATE-
J » dippers at SARONI'S, 508 Front st.
OUNG GIRL FOR HOUSEWORK SMALL
family. 1032 Page at. ■
W ETNURSE WAN IMMEDIATELY.
' ' Call or address 1159 Tenth St., Oakland, Cal.
A PPRENTICES ON CUSTOM COATS. 027
xx. Natoma st.
EYVERS ON LADIES' AND CHILDREN
wear. 840 Market St., bet. Tenth and Eleventh.
GOOD HELP YVANTED ON VESTS"! 641
, Stevenson st.
HELP WANTED-Continued.
T ADIES TAUGIiTntIAIIuJRE^INGrwANL
J-J curing, beauty culture; reasonable: agents
w „, h -, BmaU capital taught free. MRS. BUTLER,
131 Post st. ■/-■■;?-
G IJ L FOR LIGHT HOUSEWORK; SLEEP
home. Apply 1827 Bush st.
(A ERMAN GIRL WHO UNDERSTANDS
\J atr.pping tobacco. Inquire 524 Sixth st.
rPHOROUGK DRESSCUTTING AND MAKING
T7>^_. . nt -Vw hElf the USU >»I price. MRS. R. L
JONES, 505 Fell st.
VI OST CONVENIENT AND RESPECTABLE;
y,A chester House, 44 Third St., near Market:
200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to $6 per
week free 'bus to and from ferry.
AIRDRESSING, 25c AND" 35c: MORNING
and eve classes: 101essons,$l 50. 1248 Mission.
TARESSMAKING, CUTTING AND FITTING
XJ taught; new styles: perfect fitting patterns
25c up. McDOYVKLL Academy, 213 Powell st.
WINCHESTER HOUSE, 44 THIRD. NEAR
ft Market— Electric lights in very room: 200
rooms: 25c to $1 60 per night; $1 60 to $6 per
week: f"^» but to and from the ferry.
A PPRENTICES TO LEARN DRESS CUT-
-V ting and making. 14 McAllister, rms 67 and 68.
MALE HELP YVANTED.
Qfl 000 WOOD TIES TO CUT. BBS
uv,vvv boss here: 10,000 cords of redwood to
cut: screw-turner; carriage-setter, see boss here;
broom-maker; charcoal-burner: snool-tender:
shop butcher; 6 farmers; 5 laborers; farmer and
wife; vegetable gardener: ironer: marker for
laundry; 3 cooks; 3 waiters; man for private fam-
ily, and many other places from $15 to $90 per
month and found at MURRAY' & READY'S,
Leading Employment Agents. 634 and 636 Clay.
1 0 RAILROAD TIEMAKERS: GOOD TlM-
xy ber; tools a»d grub furnished; Be, 9c and 10c
apiece; 2 road makers and work in woods and mill,
SP2O and board: gardener, $20;lwaiter-boy, $15. R.
T. YVARD A CO., 608 and 610 Gay at.
WANTED-FARMER AND YVIFE, $40 AND
'' found; Swiss milker, $20; 3 more swampers,
$20; choreboy: boy for grocery : restaurant cook,
$35; second cook and others. Apply to J. F.
CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacramento st.
MEAT AND PASTE V COOK FOR SUMMER
if A resort, $50; 2 waiters, country hotel, $30:
waiter, hotel, city, $30. C. R. HANSEN & CO.,
110 Geary st. ■-.-.. y- .
BUTTER-MAKER, $40; 4 MILKERS, $20; 3
Swiss milkers, $20. C. R. HANSEN & CO.,
110 Geary st.
VV ANTED— MAN ABOUT 18, LIV-
f f Ing with his parents, to drive a delivery wagon
for a factory in city, $6 per week: also farmers,
milkers, butter-makers, cooks, waiters, dishwash-
ers and others. YV. D. EYY'ER A CO., 626 Clay st.
•> YVAITERsTS2S, ROOM, ETC.; TWO WHO
* J can speak Spanish. MARTIN'S Employment
Agency, 749 Market st.
WANTED— BY AN EASTERN SEYVING-MA-
'f chine company, a man to sell sewing-ma-
chines to dealers in California; applicant must
state age. knowledge of sewing-machines, if any,
and sign full name and address, with references.
Machine, box 92, Call Office.
ANTED— A MAN TO SELL A HIGH-
'» grade sewing machine on salary in an Interior
city, who can make two good sales per week nnd
try to do more; give full name and address. U.F.,
box 15, Call Office.
C EVERAL EXPERIENCED DRYGOODS
O salesmen, $75 a mouth; also a window-dresser,'
good salary, 1 for city, 2 outside. United States
In ustrlal Agency, room 167, Crocker ouilding.
FIRST-CLASS SALESMAN; EXPERIENCED
grocer and crockery; state name of last em-
ployer and length of time; none other need apply.
I. P.. box 13, Call Office.
| VOl'Xti MAN FOR INDOOR YVORK; YVAGES
A. $10 weekly; $50 cash required as security; no
bonds. 873y 2 Market St., room 2.
WANTED— FIRST-CLASS SALESMAN AND
ff window-trimmer for the country. Address
P. 0., box 107, this office.
OPERATOR ON LADIES' CLOAKS. DAN-
N ENBAUM, MUELLER & KAHN, 723 Mar-
ket st.
| QHOEMAKER TO BUY REPAIR-SHOP; A
0 full kit with high jack and sewing machine,
1 645 Market st.
ARTNER YVANTED TOGO TO ALASKA;
$400 required; boat, leaves Monday. Address
E. G., box 104, (all Oflice.
SI 1 6 MA X E YOUNG MAN, MUST BE
steady. Apply at shoeshop junction San Pablo
aye. and Adeline St., Oakland.
WANTED— PRESSMAN AT R. HUNK'S
'* printing office, 805 Mission st. y '
COOK AND LUNCH - WAITER. 415 FIFTH |
street. I
0 SHOEMAKERS ON REPAIRING SECOND-
x. hand shoes. 706 Howard st.
ARBER -OB THURSDAY' AND SATUR-
day. Call before Ba. m. 42L_ Third st.
PESTAURANT WAITER YVANTED. 204
At Fourth st.
OYS F ROM 16 TO 17 YEARS OF AGE
wanted. Apply at 200 Sutter st.
qi AILOR OPERATORS; GOOD WAGES. AP-
S ply immediately 9 Stevenson sl; top loft.
BUTCHER-SHOP; RENT $10; NEXT TO
fish, grocery, vegetable and restaurant stand.
Apply corner Broadway and Leavenworth St.
<& 1 r\f\ YVA NTED-PA RTNER IN GOOD
»USAUV. paying business. STANLEY, 21%
Third st. "
ANTED— YOUNG MAN FOR BAKERY IN
'» Oakland: good wages: must have $125 cash.
Apply JOHNS lON & CO., 26y_ Kearny st.
TXT ANTED— MAN TO RUN ST. CLAIR SHIRT
•machine and do starched ironing, $30 per
month and found. Address JAMES CAMP, San
Luis Obispo, Cal.
ANTED-FIRST-CLASS SALESMAN FOR
» » retail tea and coffee route: none but a man of
experience and security need apply. Apply X. Y.
X., box 5, Call Office, Oakland.
IV" ANTED— BOY ABOUT 17 YEARS OLD
ff to work in bookbindery. Address J. C, box
14, Call Oilice.
"VI USH AND MILK, SOUP. PIE, PUDDING
AfJ or fruit and two kinds of vegetables free with
all our 10c meals. 639 Kearny st.
"I CO BARBER-SHOP FOR SALE; 2 CHAIRS,
A xJ Apply Castro and Jersey sts.
BARBER-SHOP FOR SALE; RUNNING 3
chairs; $90: rent paid until Ist of May; on ac-
count of leaving the City. 81 1 Fourth st.
roll THE BEST AND CLEANEST 10-CENT
SJ meal try 13y 8 Grant aye.; coffee a specialty.
_ EST PLACE IN CITY FOR SECOND-HAND
shoes: great reduction on account of other busi-
. ness. 129 sixth st. This business for sale.
pOATMAKERS "\\ A NTED. INQUIRr. 1211
VJ Clay st.. Oakland.
"1 filx MEN TO GET A FIRST-CLASS SHAVE
SVJVI tree. Inquire 639 Kearny st.
A TED — EXPERIENCED BOY TO SET
'" type; call early. Room 4, 432 Montgomery st.
WANTED— AT ROOM 317, 328 MONTGOM-
».f cry st., clerks and laborers tocall if they do
not receive their just dues: no charge unless suc-
cessful; suits; Superior and Justice Courts.
AGENTS YVANTED TO SE -OUR NATIVE
Herbs" blood and liver remedy. Room 76, St.
Ann's building.
I EXPERIENCED OPERATORS ON LADIES'
J jackets and suits. DANNENBAUM, MUEL-
LER A KAHN, 723 Market St.. fourth floor.
A TEN'S i^-HtyLIN^reOcTLADIEV 40c; DONE
AfA while you waiu 638 Market, opp. Palace HoteL
TV ANTED-A PRACTICAL FURNITURE
»» salesman; one with some knowledge of no-
liolstery and carpets preferred. Apply 623
Market St., room 7, from 3 to 6 p. m.
7VEYV YVALDO HOUSE. 765 MISSION. BET.
Af 3d and 4th— Single furnished rooms, night 15c
to 50c; week $1 to $2 50; clean, quiet reading-room;
strictest attention 10 morning calls: open all night.
WANTED- AN UPHOLSTERY' AND CAR-
•' pet salesman: none but those with practical
experience in a retail house need apply, call at
523 Market st., room 7, from 3 to 6 P. m.
T IY'E SOLICITORS FOR NEYV and highly
i A J profitable proposition; accident, health and life
insurance. Call bet. 3*5 p. m., or address Fidelity
Mutual Aid Association, 316 California, room 18.
OATMAKERS WANTED. APPLY' AT 11
VJ a. m. at Golden Gate aye. entrance to
CHARLES LYONS, London Tailor, 1212 to 1218
Market st.
BEST IN CITY'— SING . E ROOMS, 15, 20 AND
25 cents per night: $1. $1 25. 81 50 per week.
Pacific House, Commercial and Leldesdorff sts.
\V' HAT CHEER HOUSE. 629 SACRAMENTO
" St.; 200 rooms: best in the city- sing.'c rooms
20 and 25c a night, $1 a week: meals 10c ,
WANTED— LABORERS AND MECHANICS
''to know that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprie-
tor, still runs Denver House, 217 Third St.; 160
large rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $3 per week.
1 (10 MEN TO TAKE LODGING AT lOC, 15c
x-V'V7 and 20c a night, Including coffee and rolls.
624 YY'ashington st., near Kearny. J
IJ ARBERS' PROTECTIVE UNION EMPLOY-
J J ment secretary. CONRAD TROKLL. 657 Clay.
ARBERS— FOR EMPLOYMENT CALL SEC-
retary Barbers' A sso., 325 Grant S. FUCHS.
(JABBERS' ASSOCIATION OF CAL EMPLOY-
-1J menu Secy, P. C. Hamann, 238 i,_ O'Farrell.
EN'S SOLES, 50c; HEELS, 25c: DONE 15
minutes, while you wait. 635 Kearny st.
W ANTED- BOYS TO LEARN BARBER
" trade; only 8 weeks required; tools and posi-
tions furnished; reasonable terms by calling this
week; catalogne mailed. San Francisco Barber
School, 1515 Howard st.
WE ARE SHOE DOCTORS; YVE REPAIR
f f your old shoes and make them as good as new,
and with our new machines we can do your work
at one-half the usual price; done while you wait.
562 Mission st., between First and Second sts.
OSEDALE HOUSE, 321 ELLIS ST.; ROOMS
20c to 50c night; tl to $4 week: open all night.
VI EN TO FEED MANHATTAN STOCK FOOD;
■t' x all grocers keep iL
ME ' SECOND-HAND SHOES. SOME
nearly new, 25c to $1 25. 562 Mission.
IfLCHO HOUSE, 863 Va MARKET ST.—
J Rooms 20c, 25c. to 60c night; $1 to $S week.
ATTO'S LAW AND COLLECTION AGENCY
XV Prompt collections; references. 512 Montg'y.
TV I CHESTEB HOUSE. 44 THIRD ST.. NEAR
'» Market; 200 rooms, 25 cents a night; readlng-
room: free bus to and from the ferry.
VV ANTED— TO COLLECT. « YVAGES DUE
!. J? 1 * 01 " 6 " and clerks. KNOX Collection Agency,
110 Sutterst.
HELP "WANTED-Continued.
FREE BEER-TYVO SCHOONERS FOli~sc;
also a bottl tof lager, sc, at 637 Clay st.
BY 'ACME HOI SE, 957 MARKET ST.. BE-
low Sixth, for a room: 250 a night; $1 a week.
ANTED-SINGLE ROOMS, A DAY; $1
week; rooms for two, 25c a day, $1 50 a week;
reading-room: dally papers. 36 Clay st.
WANTED-MISCKLLANEOUS.
ANTIiD^Ay ; nCHrSTA?^ \ R I > MA X hfup'-
'» right piano; must be cheap. Address box
122, this office.
CELL YOUR BOOKS, CLOTHING AND JEYV
0 elrv to A. KLEIN. 109 Sixth St.: send postaL
PERSON
THE CHIEF OK 'POLICE WOULD BE
pleased to have all persons who witnessed the
affair of a lady being run over by a tandem bicycle
on Sunday, about 6:80 p. It., April 12, 1898, in
front of the Call Office, 710 Market St.. to call upon
him at his office, room 1. new City Hall, any day
between the hours of 9 a. m. and 6 p. m.
PICTURE FRAMING WITH GLASS 7x9
A inches, 10c; Bxlo and 10x12, 15c; 11x14 and 12
xl 6, 20c; 14x17, 25c; 16x20, 30c; 18x22. 35c; 20x
24, 45c; 22x28 Inches. 60c. JONES, 547 Mission.
TEMPLE OF BEAUTY, 923 MARKET ST.,
opposite Mason— California laurel hairdye and
removing superfluous hair ecialties.
AT LINCON BROS.', CASH GROCERS.
226 Sixth st., middle of the block,
Between the two markets.
Bloaters, 20c dozen: 10 cans sweetbreads, $1; 20
cans sugar corn. $1 ; 16 cans best tomatoes $1; 20
lbs rice, $1; 25 lbs fine dried fruit, $1; 2 doz eggs.
25c; fresh butter, 20c roll; shoulders. 6V c~ lb;
choice milk, 10c can; fine flour, 85c sack: 13 cans
salmon or oysters, $1 ; 10 lbs lard, 85c. LINCOLN
BROS., 226 ->ixth st.
RAG CARPFITS WOVE TO ORDER, FOR SALE;
■ also chenille-wove rugs, silk-rag portieres; deal-
er in carpet twine In hank or chain at lowest rates.
GEO. MATTHEYV. 709 Fifth st- Oakland, Cal.
DR. F. PANCOAST, DENTIST. REMOVED
from Phelan building to 6 O'Farrell st., corner
Grant aye.
"PIG OUTDOOR STEREOPTICON SHOW EVE-
xj ry night cor. Market and Sixth sts. ; artistic ad-
vertisements in living light; promoters of busl-
ness. Consult OYVL ADY'. CO., 1140 Market st.
ADY'ICE FREE; DIVORCE: LAYVS A SPE-
clalty; private: no charge unless successful; all
law suits, claims, collections, wills, deeds, etc., at-
tended to. G.YV. HOWE, atty-at-law. 850 Market st
W ILL T. VA LENT I ANT TAILOR,
f ' removed from 9 Powell st. to 516 G eary st.
TO FOLLOYVTHE STYLES IN HAIRDRESS-
ing some neople must call to their aid switches.
1 have them in all colors ?nd all grades; good ones,
75c ana $1 hairdressiog 26c. G. LEDEIiER, 111
Stockton st.
Vf aud-Yhe commercial TRANSFER
I'A Company will move your trunk for 25 cents.
Office 43 Sutter St., phone main 49. SAM.
DR. RANK CORNWALL; REMOVED FROM
227 Geary to V.M.C.A. bld.,r. 2,tel.main 5477.
TN FORMATION WANTED—! HE ADDRESS
A or information of ALICE ALLISON (or EL-
LISON); maiden name ALICE DROGE; last beard
of in Fresno, Cal. Address!). BRUNS, guardian,
Emeryville, Alameda County, Cal.
IP LECTRIC LIGHTS IN EVERY ROOM— WIN-
A_ Chester House, 44 Third st., near Market; 200
rooms, 26c to $150 per night; $1 50 to $6 per
week; free bus to and from the ferry.
SK YOUR DRUGGIST FOR VERMONT
Hair YY' ash; cures scalp diseases: take no other.
TRY' TUSCAN SPRING MINERAL SALT FOR
catarrh. 132 Sixth St., room 2.
HEAPEST AND BEST; GET OUR FIGURES
YJ for paper-hanging and painting. Co-operative
Paper-hanging Company, 635 McAllister st.
OLD GOLD. SILVER, GENTS' AND LADIES*
clothing bought. COLMAN, 41 3a. cor. Jessie.
PARTINGTON'S SCHOOL OF MAGAZINE
A and Newspaper Illustration: day and evening
classes: instructors, J. H. E. Partington. Gertrude
Partington, R. L. Partington. Particulars 424 Pine st
THE ECONOMY" MILLINERY*. RED FRONT.
40, 46 Sixth; children's school hats 6c; dyed,
pressed 25c; hats trimmed 25c; feathers curled 5c
ANNULMENT OF MARRIAGE AND Di-
vorce; legal everywhere. P. O. box 2263. S. F.
If NA M D~ LETTERS ARE MADE ONLY
Jat 210 Stelner st.; others are agents. Baker
Enamel and Manufacturing company.
<E»1 A ROOM ;~C ARPETS CLE ANED~ON THE
qpA floor. 206 Leavenworth st. -
1 t )f\f\ CARDS, $150: SHOW CARDS 15c:
Xi'UU tel. Black 141. HILL 22 Geary St., r. 39.
BOURQUIN'B CAL'A ASTHMATIC PAPER;
Instant relief. For sale by all druggists or Cen-
tral Pharmacy, SYV. cor. Grant aye. and Sutterst.
LIBERAL ADVANCES ON DIAMONDS, JEW-
dry, etc: lowest rates. 948 Market st.
CLOAKS, CAPES AND SUITS RETAILED AT
mfra' cost. Factors. 20 S«n«nm« »*.. nnstalrr.
DRESSMAKERS.
DBESSMA KlNG^Dl^^ES^irupT^Xw^
31 up; wrappers 35c up. 505% Natoma st.,
near Sixth.
AIRY' ANTS.
£. AC AND SLrws McaXDSL
OXJ REMOVED TO 1007 MARKET sT.
PROF. C. F. LEON.
YY'onderful power: gives advice on business, specu-
lation, love, marriage, divorce, etc.; letters with
stamps answered; hours 9 to 8: also Sunday.
RETURN ED— M M . DR. ATLANTA,
world-renowned business and test medium;
tells from cradle to grave; reveals every
hidden mystery; gives advice on love, mar-
riage and all affairs; she has no eoual;
before going on a journey or into business call on
the gifted lady; locates mines and buried treasure;
removes evil influences; cures all diseases; all
should seek her counsel; hours. 9 a. m. to 8 v. si.;
open Sundays. 1055 Market St., opp. Hibernia
Bank.
I) ETURNED, YVORLD-RENOWNED MME.
SX SCHMIDT, from the principal cities; tells past,
present and future; prices moderate. 856 Mission.
"Vl ME. RAVENNA READS LIFE FLUENTLY ;
lfl tips on races; names given; 25c up. 5 4th st.
I RS. B. BAUMAN. THE RENOWNED ME-
IfA ditim and card-reader. 132 Turk st.
ROF. ZANZIC, RELIABLE MEDIUM, CLAlR-
voyant and palmist. Parlors 315 Ellis st.
ME. EXODIUS, CLAIRVOYANT, RE-
moved to 1003 Mission, nr.^Sixth; fee 60c.
VI ME. PORTER; CARD- READER; TELLS
I'A past, present, future: ladles 50c. gents $1;
palmistry, clairvoyant, sittings $1 60. 126 Turk st.
MM MOB . EST MEDIUM; REVEALS
past, presentand future ;25c up. 764 Howard st.
ME. ARNDT. BEST FORTUNE TELLER IN
the world: 50c and $1, shows you the picture of
your future husband or wife. 4 Twelfth, cor.Market
Vf ME. STE W ART; GREATEST CARD READ-
I'I erand clairvoyant In world: seventh daughter:
read cards since 11 years of age; mining, lawsuits
marriage: ladies or gents 50c. 917 Market, 3 and 4.
me dr. THOMAS. SCIENTIFIC REVEAL-
er by eggs and cards; tells entire life, paat,
present, future; consultations on all affairs; noth-
ing excepted; names given; good advice; sure
help: restores lost love by sympathy; mistake im-
posslble: fee $1 ; letter $2. 929 Postst- nr. l_irkin.
. SPIRITUALISM.
MRS. SHRINER. PARLOR TEST-CIRCLE
to-night; 10c. Sittings daily at 311 Van Ness.
MRS. FULTON, SLATEYVRITING seance
to-night; 50c. 31 Fell st. \
LONELLA— ONE OF THE MOST YVONDER-
fuI mediums of the age; just from the East;
she created a sensation East and also in Europe
through her mediumship: all are invited to call;
she remains with you but a short time; do not re-
main in darkness, but seek the light of truth; wis-
dom is power. 318 Kearny st., room 18.
GYPSY' MEDIUM-SITTINGS DAILY (SUN-
VJ days included): 26c up. 946 Mission: hrs 10 to 9.
PROP. JOHNSON. 821 MIS-lON ST., MEDIUM
and maenetlc healer, can be consulted on all
business affairs daily: readings 50c and $1; office
hours 9 a. m. to 8 p. m.
Vf Rs] J. J. WHITNEY. CLAIRVOYANT
l'l trance medium: sittings $1. 218 Stockton st.
DENTISTS.
DR. L. T. (MtANZ-^EXTRACTIOOrPAI^^
crown work, bridge work and teeth without
plates a specialty. 103 Geary st., cor. Grant aye.
pROOME DENTAL ASSOCIATION, 759 MAR-'
VJ ket, bet. 3d and 4th, gas specialists: only reli-
able agent fbr painless extraction; Artificial teeth
frm $5; fillings frm $1; extracting SOc, with gas $1.
$7 A SET FOR TEETH "WARRANTED AS
fjp 4 good as can be made: filling $1. Dr. SIMMS,
dentisi, 930 Market St., next Baldwin Theater.
R. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 MARKET ST.,
near Eleventh: no charge lor extracting when
plates are made: old plates made over like new;
teeth from $8 per set; extracting SOc; gas given.
ONEST YVORK: VERY' LOYVEST PRICES.
DR. HARDCASTLE, 628 Montgomery, rm. 1.
II»ULL SET __? TEETH, $7: WARRANTED
five years. DR. V. CA VaLSKY, 24 Sixth st.
GET OF TEETH YVTTHOUT A PLATE. DR. H.
0 Q. YOUNG. 1841 Polk st.
1 YR. GEORGE YV. LEEK. THE GENUINE
SJ Leek dentist, discoverer of painless extraction
and patentee of Improved bridge work or teetn
without any plate, moved from 6 to 20 O'Farrell st.
PAINLESS EXTRACTION. 60ci CROYVN
J- bridge work a specialty; plates, $5 up: 13 veari'
experience, R. YVaLsH. D.D.S.. 815s /4 Geary.
DX. H. H. SHAW, 224 KEARNY — BrIdgE-
SJ work a specialty; open evenings 7:30 to 9.
/ BOLTON DENTAL ASSOCIATION. 806 MAR-
*J ket at. DR. CHARLES W. DECKER.
DR. J7j7IEEK, 1206 MA RKET, COR. GOLDEN
Gate aye.— Open evenings: Sundays till noon.
LL WORK REASONABLE - AND - WAR-
ranted. DR. J YV. KEY. 112- Market st.
LOST.
Lost— engli«Tpto^ogTwhite¥reXst;
mark of a cut on hind leg. Liberal reward for
return to 2020 California st.
T OST— SMALL BLACK DOG. RETURN 12
AJ Clara st., reward.
LOST— PURSE, ON TRAIN OR BOAT, SUN-
day morning. 1345 Broadway, Alameda.
FOUND.
I^OUND-A DEERHOUNDT^9Or^AST~ST^
,SJ cor. Filbert. . - ■ - -
BUSINESS CHANCES.
"VTOTICE —. TO SELL YtnHI^BUSINEsF"
AY promptly for cash. HEALY «fc CO.. 23 Kearny.
PARTNER YVA NT ED; LIGHT BUSINESS;
clear each $20 to $25; no experience required;
trial given. HEALY & CO., 23 Kearny st.
(Sta/ v RESTAURANT AND COFFEE SA-
<_s * \J\r . loon: vicinity of city Hall: business
$26 per day : trial given. HEALV, 23 Kearny at,
ft OKA PARTNER WANTED — Al CASH
0 xjOxj. business, clearing to each $75 per
month: no night or Sunday work; must devote 8
hours each day to business. HEALY". 23 Kearny.
C; 1 rjr PARTNER IN RESTAURANT AND
*Ip A I O. coffee-house to attend cash counter;
business of $25 per day. HEALY, 23 Kearny st!
Q» *■> A A CIGAR STORE: CLUB AND LIVING-
tip— iC/V". rooms, furniture included: selling on
account of other business. HEALY', 23 Hearny.
TO BUY, SELL OR EXCHANGE A BUSINESS
of any kind see STRAND i CO., 45 Third st.
u_Q/\/l SALOON: NO.' 1 LOCATION; PAYS
»ipOUU. well; offer wanted. STRAND & CO.,
15 Third st.
s_l".An CORNER BAKERY; GOOD HORSE
CUvU. and wagon. STRAND A CO., 48 Third.
©QAA BRANCH BAKERY' AND~CANi7y:
<JpOUU. store: splendid location; 4 living-
rooms: rent $10; good trade. STRAND <fc CO.,
45 Third st.
(2j/'?:A PARTNER WANTED IN FIKST-
»y*»«Jv". class corner saloon on best part of
Kearny st.; will clear from 875 to $100 per month
apiece; one of the present owners going into other
large business: no experience required as remain-
inn part nor will teach you the business: he Is a
well-known and thoroughly reliable man; this is
the chance of a lifetime for a steady, sober man:
do not miss it. STRAND & CO.. 45 Third St.
CJPI?.A GROCERY BAR; 6 ROOMS;
tJPtyc/v/. cheap rent; pays well; good place for
man and wife. STRAND & CO., 45 Third st.
KE ST' A RANT DOI N 1 i A A D OF $35 A
day and clearing $100 a month: trial allowed
before buying: best reason for selling; price rea-
sonable. -STRAND & CO., 45 Third sL
QHJTjA FRUIT, NOTIONS. CANDY, ICE-
xuDxJxjyj. cream and coffee parlor; opp. Golden
Gate Park: building included: pays well; full
value; old-established. STRAND & CO., 45 Third.
"SjvTTn WANTED — STEADY MAN AS
— tJ\-'. partner in cash commission ousiness;
will clear at leas: $75 per month to each; estab-
lished over 10 years: experience not necessary;
thorough Investigation allowed; no night or Sun-
day work. STRAND & CO., 45 Third SL
OS *)*}£. CORNER CIGAR-STORE, TRANS-
<_;•- -jc). fer point; sells account of old age: will
prove paying business: present owner four years;
big bargain. STENBERG & CO., 632 Market.
q>4?;A PROVISION-STORE; GOOD STOCK
tjjxtjyj. and fixtures: cheap rent; business will
satisfy any reasonable buyer:" sacrificed this week
for reason explained. STENBERG & CO., 632
Market st.
i< I ~AA RESTAURANT, OYSTER-HOUSE:
xJjSO\J\J. old-established place; first-class run-
ning order: daily receipts $65 to $70; present
owner 3 years; full investigation; will exchange
for city real estate. STENBERG CO., 632 Market.
rpEAMSTERS, ATTENTION — EXPRESS
A transfer company: has the cream of trade be-
tween this city and Oakland; clears $300 per
month over; proprietor owns his own property,
barns, offices, storages, etc.; one of the nicest,
cleanest and steadiest businesses in this State;
making sure income: grand opportunity for some
active man. STENBERG, 632 Market st.
WANT ED — STEADY', ACTIY'E MAN FOR
laundry route; established 8 year?: first-class
horse and wagon; guaranteed to clear $90 to $125
a month; $360 required. STENBERG & CO., 632
Market st.
<9 7 X RESTAURANT; BEST LOCATION:
«Cs«j I O. good stock, fixtures: established many
years; business speaks for itself; sacrificed this
day; make offer. STENBERG & XX, 632 Market.
KE 1.1 A BLE PARTNER AS CASHIER COF-
fee and chop house: safe investment: good
wages guaranteed; $350 required. STENBERG
CO.. 632 Market.
ffi* IP. A PARTNER WANTED IN GOOD PA Y-
<JpAyU. ing business. , STANLEY, 21 V Third.
DARTNERj GOOD PAYING BUSINESS: $20
A to $25 each weekly; no experience required;
trial given. STANLEY, 2iy, Third st.
<StA P. A RESTAURANT YVORTH $850: FINE
<P^ 1 «-'C'- location: good, steady, profitable trade;
a snap; to see is to buy. STANLEY', 21i_ Third.
Qj"l7r; RESTAURANT; GOOD LOCATION:
t_"A 1 O. low rent: receiptssll per day; can be
doubled: great bargain. STANLEY, -J l . Third.
iOjl NOTIO.sS, CIGARS, BRANCH BAK-
(JSOYJ. cry; snap. STANLEY, '.IVa Third St.
d»1 AAA CORNER GROCERY'-. RECEIPTS
tJDJL'IuU. $1300 month; full value in stock and
fixtures; rent $40; rooms. BARRETT* SKIFF",
921 Market st.
(3_ 1 OK B. BAKERY; 4 FURNISHED ROOMS.
flflUi BARRETT-SKIFF, 921 Mar_et st
ffllOX GOOD-PAYING LIQUOR ROUTE,
wS.~xj. horse and wagon; owner engaged for
traveling. Call at once, 533 California, Phoenix
Bar.
l.y ANTED— STEADY MaN AS PARTNER IN
• f paying wood and coal yard; must have $150
cash. JOHNSTON, 26y_ Kearny st.
ijjj • ) -7\ PARTNER IN LIGHT BUSINESS;
<t]pj~xJ\J. established ■ over 10 years: guaranteed
to clear 820 weekly to each. 26'f . _ Kearny st.
YSTBR AND CHOP HOUSE CHEAP. MAKE
offer to owner, 26 V. Kearny St., room 4.
7AA SALOON AND LUNCH*I|KOUSE;
I UU. rent $35; close to California and Mont-
gomery sts.: good paying. Call 633 California st.
St., Phoenix Bar.
ijt IAA CANDY' STORE AND FACTORY';
tjylUl'. fine bargain. DECKER, 1020 Market.
O. A A RESTAURANT; FINE LOCATION;
fPcH/U. DECKER, 10J0 Market st. •
C-OXA SAMPLE-ROOM CLOSE TO^CABLE-
tXpXjxJVf. house and transfer point; 2 blocks from
Market; rent $18. Call 533 California st., Phcenix
Bar.
<s»'_>7,X SALOON ON MARKET STREET,
tU'J 4 »J. near Fifth: low rent: have satisfactory
•reason for selling. Apply between 11 a. m. and 2
p. m. to L. SCHEIE, 200 Hyde sL
flil AAA LARGEST and BEST payincj
*S)x.'U.\J\J\J . beer grotto and restaurant; cream
or" trade; monthly profits of $1000 guaranteed:
books open. Address YV., 1148 Sutter sL
CjQAA CORNER GROCERY AND BAR WITH
tipxJXJxJ. living-rooms: full value in stock; rent
$25: kept by present owner 8 years. Inquire 633
California st.. Phoenix Bar.
"VTOTICE TO BUYERS AND SELLERS— THE
A> old well-known and reliable office of GEO.
STEWART, general real estate and business
agent, formerly of 632 Market st., has resumed
business at 602 Market st., Crocker building,
downstairs: business opportunities, lodging-
houses, city and country real estate, bought, sold
aud exchanged: partnerships negotiated, etc.
ARGAIN — GOOD- PAY jNG CORNER SA-
loon and lodging-! -ouse In business part of city ;
present party conducting business for twelve
years: reason for selling, death in family. Apply
this office.
T~O LET — BUTCHER-SHOP, WITH .FlX-
tures; 3 living-rooms: closed account of sick-
nes ; extra good location; no opposition within
one mile; rent low togood. steady man. Inquire
Five-mile House, Mission road.
ARTNER YVANTED IN GOOD PAYING
business: guaranteed $20 to $25 each weekly;
no experience required: trial given. EVENSON
A; CO., 917 Market st.
<% M(H7~* CORNER . GROCERY ■ AND
«ipt/UW. bar; good portion of Mission: living-
rooms; value in sight for price asked; good horse
and wagon: does excellent paying business; fullest
investigation allowed. M. LESS & CO., 7831.
Market St. % • > . .-. • ...  -7. *
MIDI) CIGARETTE AND TOBACCO ROUTE
YJ for sale, including 2 horses, cigar-wagon and
fine top- buggy; a bargain for young man. Apply
Call Office.
Q7AA CORNER GROCERY AND BAR,
«iP I VJAJ. with living rooms, one block from City
Hall- partners can't agree; rent $35. Particulars,
YVILKE. 633 California, Phcenix Bar.
HAY'INGGONE IN DIFFERENT BUSINESS
I offer my old-established place, the Mocha
Cafe, for sale very cheap, for cash or installments.
b2l Montgomery st. or 236 Sutter.
<ft'-»AnA ELEGANT GROCERY WITH MAG-
13° "U . nificent trade and 2 teams. Address
P., box 128, this office.
"I? OR SALE-CHEAP: CIGAR-STORE AND
A fixtures; $100. 1739 Mission St.. opposite
YY ood ward's Gardens. c._v>*s-":
LADY' OF MEANS DESIRES GENTLEMAN
partner with $50 capital. R. 22, 105 Stockton.
RANCH BAKERY; LAUNDRY OFFICE;
-!■> suitable for tables; cheap. 317L_ O'F'arrell St.
Good BUSINESS FOR SALE FOR $150;
downtown. Call 722 Howard sL
CT C. HICKOK & CO., 8731/. MARKET ST..
VJ . handle all kind of business chances; real es-
tate, insurance and money to loan.
Qf'Hn 'RESTAURANT AND BAKERY;
♦ipUcfLf. good location; doing $20 a day; must
sell at once; big bargain. PIERCE, 22 Kearny st.
T, OK SALE — A GOOD-PAYING CANDY-
A 1 store; established 12 years; best locality: long
lease; clearing over $100 a month: rare chance for
moderate investment: full Investigation allowed.
See owner at 22 Sixth st.
fflj X A HOME BAKERY' IN CENTER 'OF
<PQU. city: large oven; rent $10. Apply Calf.
I> utcuer's business forsale. apply
J-» JONAS' market, 1105 Mission st.
SNAP FORTHE RICiHT PARTY— SALOON
and restaurant, including building: good-pay-
ing business; 7 years' lease on lot ; for 8-1200. In-
quire at YVillows Brewery, cor. Mission and Nine-
teenth sts., city. ■ "ir.^jv-,
WANTED-PARTNER IN restaurant
'» ana bar; new place; finely fitted up; at trans-
fer point; 4 roads; run night and day; too much
for one. Address B-, box 82, Call Office.
ARE CHANCE — SELL HALF OR
whole interest in a well-established seed and
florist business in Oakland; will bear invesllga-
tion. Address YV. J., call Office, Oakland.
OALOON; GOOD CENTRAL location, ad-
*~J dress P. S., box 67, Call Office.
p HANCE FOR SMART YVOMAN; SYVELL
VJ boarding-house: fine appearing garden; choice;
central; owner board. Add. Choice, box 1, Call.
O OOD-PA VI KG RESTAURANT^ BLOCKS
YJ north of Market st., for sale at a very reason-
able price; cheap rent. Inquire 333 Bush st.
pROCERY AND BAR; BEST PART OF THE
VI Mission; no reasonable offer refused. Address
1 W«i box 68, this office.
BUSINESS CHANCES-ContinuedU
YOU YVANT TO SF.LL OR BUY' A BUBI-
I ness quick see T. LUBELSKI, 7 City Hall aye,
fflj^^ii TIN YVA RE, (UtATEYVARE AND
tJpUcM '. stove store, tinshop and plumbing busi-
ness: connected living-rooms; cheap rent: horse
and wagon; all on good paying basis; fullest In-
vestigation: must sell, going East: stock invoices
$BCO. T. LUBELSKI, 7 City Hall aye.
Oil A NICE SALOON ON LAY' ST. DOING
tjpOl'v/. good bu ilies-: i-jnch counter: worth
twice amount. T. LUBELSKI. 7 City Hall aye.
THINE, YVE LL- VIM; ANTS' AND
F ladies' underwear manufactory: in fine locality
and long established doing a big business: price
$3500: best business in the State for the money.
T. LUBELSKI, 7 City Hail aye. _
<5» "I C A BUTCHER-SHOP; FINE TRADE:
ilpLOxJ. good locality: investigate this if you
want a good paying business: bargain; worth
uouble amount asked. T. LUBELSKI, 7 City
Hall aye.
v^j T-1 PARTNER IN POUK. SAUs A i...0 „a_
0 iO. delicacies store with route. 335 Fourth st.
C.piAn AND $_jo will VELD $10 AND *5
x^>o\J\J per day: genuine. E., box 6, Call Office. .
T. OK SALE— COFFEE AND LUNCH-CO UN-
A" ter. Call 916 Kearny st. after 6p. m.
APSR ROUTE FOR SALE: IN SPLENDID
location. Apply Route, box 82. Call Office.
CALIFORNIA SAVING AND LOAN SOCIETY
' books bought for cash. X., box 75, Call Office.
LHAMBRA MINERAL SPRINGS^ TO
rent, 109 acres of land; 17 rooms, unfurnished,
baths, beautiful location, 5 miles from Martinez,
rent $25 per month. P. J. WEST, Martinez, CaL
"\TARtTnEZ HOTEL TO RENT; TERMS
-i-'A reasonable; 56 rooms; in good order. D. J.
YVEST, Martinez, Cal. _____"
fflfOC/Y RESTAURANT* BAKERY'; BAR-
•„ £l$J\J. gain; good reason for selling. 917 Mission
dft£*Aft BAKERY lOR SALE; STEADY
«IDUUI/. business and good trade; owner leaving
city; clearing $100 a week: all store trade; living-
rooms. Apply at once at the Call Office.
FORSALE— A SALOON CHEAP: 4 ROOMS;
JJ rent $2.; leaving city. Apply at Call Office.
GROCERY AND SALOON— BE SOLD;
a bargain. Call at 332 Main st.
\\f ELL-PAYING DOYV.NTOWN HHi.M-.lt
' » saloon; must be sold this week at a great bar-
gain. Inquire LEMLE & CO., 265 Third st.
"PARE BARGAIN— WELL-PAYING SALOON:
A. fine location: investigate. 209 Ellis, nr. Mason.
IfOR SALE OR EXCHANGE t 0.. 1 ,1 ?
U property, homestead relinquishment; irrigated-
land; all levei; in Kern County, Address X., box
107, Call Office.
rpAILOILSTORE, WITH GOOD TRADE, AT A
A bargain. 1213 Polk St.
GIVEN A YV AY : FINE RESTAURANT>GOOD
business; account departure. 303 Third at.
HAIR BUSINESS FOR SALE: NEAR BaTl>
win Hotel. Address 11. , box 105, Call.
GROCERY; 8 ROOMS UPSTAIRS; NEAR
Market; low rent: good stock. Apply Call.
LADY DESIRES GENTLEMAN PARTNER
with $75; laying proposition. 12 Mason, rm. 2.
OOD PAPER ROUTE IN OAKLAND FOR
sale. Address YV., box 8, Call Office, Oakland.
PARTNER— FURNITURE AND STORAGE;
good business: great bargain. 414 McAllister.
IT OR SALE OB TO LET — THE BEBT-LO-
F cated billiard-saloon in the city: next to tha
Orpheum: low rent to a good tenant. 129 O'F'arrelL.
(B»7p:a partner TO TAKE ONE-THIRD
»lp 4 clef, interest in established firm of manu-
facturers; agents handling Eastern agencies: the
above amount to be invested in the business for
the purpose of developing it will stand the most
rigid Investigation: references. Dun or Bradstreet:
would prefer one who lias had experience as a
salesman. ROBINSON, 4th floor, 933 Market St.,
9to 10, 1t02,4 to 6. -•;.-, • t
T HAVE THE BEST PAYING SALOON AND
A chophouse and lodging-house in the liveliest
town 111 California: I will sell all or take a partner:
1 can give good references. Call at, ( IIAIX &
BERN ARD, 207 Sixth St.. S. F„ Sunday or Mon-
day for information.
INTERIOR AGENCY OF THIS PAPER FOR
A sale; nets $175 per month; good chance for
right party. Apply Call Office.
APER ROUTE SALE, TELEGRAPH-
Hill district, covers 18 blocks; can be bought,
cheap, and chances for increase are very good.
Apply this office, principals only.
\ WEj_K H NEWS FOR 5 CENTS—
JX. WEEKLY CALL, ln wrapper, for mailing.
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
rVTOTICE— IOO LODGING-HOUSES FoR -ALE
XA from $150 to $6000. STRAND, 45 Third St.
LODGING-HOUSE OF [_ ROOMS, NEAR
Kearny st. steady roomers; \'ery cheap for
cash: low rent. S 1 RAND & ( CL, 45 Third st.
A/f-ROOM LODGING-HOUSE. 1
ttTt PRICE $700- YVORTH $2000. —
19-room house on Sutter st.; payments $1100
12-room house on Mason st 275
20 rooms on Fourth st., only 600
lti rooms on Taylor st 760
45 rooms on Market st 2500
H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market st., opposite Fifth.
"I /jt-ROOM HOUSE; ALL FULL: 152 FIFTH
AU st.: $175; through sickness.
T ODGING-HOUSE OF 21 ROOMS FOX SALE.
I i 983 Mis-iion st. .- —  .
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
pußNrmßE~oFlpßoo!^
F room sunny. Apply 638 Post st., between 3
and 4 p. m.
I TIRE SALE .' ~ ~
F Prices stand till goods are completely, dis-
posed of.
Oak bed sets $18 53
Bed lounges 8 00
Stoves 7 50
Carpets, peryard 55
Linoleum, per yard 55
Matting, peryard 10
Till our new building Is erected these prices will
stand. Till such time we are conducting business
at SE. corner Seventh and Mission sta. J.
NOONAN.
G. KRASKY, FURNITURE AND BED-
. ding; new folding-beds, $9 and up: step-lad-
ders, 20c per step; furniture exehged. 773 Mission.
AAA CARPETS; CHAMBER BETSJ $14;
•T\J\J stoves, $5: parlor sets, $20: folding-beds.
$10; bed-ounges. $7. T. D. MCCARTHY 112 4th.
A ROOMS FURNITURE, NEYV ,73
jt iiedlonnges trimmed with plush .$5 50
Brussels Carpet, laid !.Y_sc up
English Linoleum, laid .'.4oc up
YY'indow shades ln s colors *""250 up
SHIREK & SHIREK, 747 Market _'„,'* opposite
(-rant avenue: no branch a t ores.
FURNITURE WANTED.
EFORE SELLING YOUR FURNITURE
send for Simmons Auction Co., 1057 Market.
O BASCH. 321 SUTTER, WANTS FURNI-"
Q» tnre, saloons and merchandise: highest price.
H MAYER BUYS YOUR FURNITURE,
. carpets, piano. 1136 Market; tel. Jessie 761.
WANTED - SECOND-HAND FURNITURE
II for country; pay good price. 7 City Hal' aye.
CALL ON J. C. MUTHER, 621 KEARNY, IF
' you want highest cash price for your furniture,
carpets, pianos, or merchandise of any kind.-
A~ M ALONE PAYS 20 PER CENT MORE
than elsewhere for furniture to fill country
orders. Leave orders at KINO'S. 3 Fourth »L
CARp T CLEANING.
WHEN YOU BTECOMF^ISGUSTEITwiTn
1 1 poor work send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Car-
pet Beating YVorks, 353-57 Tehama sL ; tel. So. 40.
ONKLIN'S CARPET BEATING YVORKS. 333
Golden Gate aye.: telephone east 126.
TONES CO CARPET - CLEANING AND
0 renovating works. Main office 25 and 27 Bth.
GREAT EASTERN STEAM CARPET CLEAN-'
T ing YVorks. Tel. So. 676; 14 Bth st. B. Gran r.
CITY STEAM CARPET CLEA NING.RENOVA-
ting, 38 Bth. STEVENS, mgr. Tel. South 250.
GREAT WESTERN STEAM CARPET-BE AT-
Ing works; latest Improved machinery; 3c yard.
G. GEORGE.office 11 F;ighth sl; phone Jessie 258.
(A ARPETS CLEANED, 3o PER YARD; RE-
VJ laid. 6c per yard. S. STRATTON. 19 Eighth.
ARPETS CLEANED AND RENOVATED
like new. FERGUSON & CO., 23 Tenth- teL
South 36. D. MACKINTOSH <_ CO., successors.
E. MITCHELL CARPET CLEAN ING CO. 240
» 14th st. ; cleaning 3c a yard. TeL Mission 74,
T MCQUEEN'S CARPET BEATING AND REX-
-0 . ovating works. 453 Stevenson: ml. south 228 L
OFFER YVA NTE D- YOUNG HORSE; DRIVES
single or double; cheap. 935 Shotwell st.
HORSE MARKET, 426 VALENCIA st.
just received from E. YV. Jones, Sheriff of
Colusa County, 26 head of good work and driving
horses, weighing up to 1500 pounds; to be sold
Cheap. J. D. FORRESTER, salesman.
AO HORSES FOR SALE; ALSO ~YV AGON S~
? v buggies, carts, harness: Grand Arcade Horse
Market, 327 Sixth St.; auction sales every YY'ednen-
day. SULLIVAN & DOYLE, Auctioneers.
10l £, X I S SECOND-HAND HARSESS; ALL
V"' kinds; second-hand wagons, buggy earn-
also 20 cheap horses. Fifteenth and Valencia Vtal
OE^ES PASTURED: ' SEND FOR CIRCU-
Iar. The Hyde Ranch, 630 Commercial "v
TF YOU WANT TO B. .. __ v ,„. _-
A change horses, buggies, wagons or harness you
will fand It to your advantage to call at Derby Sate
Stable, cor. Geary and Leavenworth sts. auction
sales every Tuesday at 11 o'clock. C. IL MARTI \
proprietor. 8. WATKINS, auctioneer/ ARTlik -
UNSET HORSE MARKET, 220 VALENCIA-
-0 Horses, mules, wagon... buggies and __?"«_!"
1 Crt SETS NEW AND SECOND-HAND HAH,'
SOY ness: all kinds: wagon., buggies horses a_d
scrapers- sand-wagons. 1 1 __ Misfion'st
D %o\\ t?p'^LV ETEKINAB V SUB.
ggg 1 sgasgsj *»^h^
J?_^Sg?a N 5_«AR K IA.GES.
WANTED - SECOND - HAND ITVr R^F
♦♦ trurk. send price to YV * RAY' \Vvr A?
12 California st. ' " XA ' MiG. CO.,
BU I l^ l^ ANiTloaN ASSOCIATION
(MIS TIN ENT AL BUILDIVg"aN T> Ir. . l
\J sociation-Home office 222 san S o m J °£ \ \
wiiver_.iariase. V -1 r.; YY .Corbin, aec. <s uen.M*».HOUSES TO LET.
-j>OND ST., OFF MISSION, BET. TYY^TIFTH
J> and Thirteenth— bay-window, 6 and 7
rooms, and bath: with water; $24.
HYDE ST., bet. Turk and Eddy— 2-story, 7
rooms and bath; $30; with wat»r.
POWELL ST., bet. Clay and YVashington—
rooms and bath; $25.
HOWARD ST., near Twelfth— 9 rooms and bath:
$30; with water.
O'FARRELL ST., bet. Mason and Taylor-Rear
house of 3 rooms; $14.
Apply to c. S. CAPP A CO.. Rent Collecting and
Real Estate Agents.
■VTICE SUNNY HoUSE: 5 ROOMS, BATH;
A> $300; half cash; bal. roomed ouL 402: . Geary.
d_"l A HOUSE 6 LARGE" ROOMS AND YARD.
«p lu. 917 Treat aye.l
OUSE TO LET— RENT $40: 1714 O'FAR-
rell st. . 9 rooms and bath. Apply 2to 4 p. m. .
"1 fVO NINETEENTH-HOUSE FIVE ROOMS;
J.Y/U bath; basement; rent $15.
OUSE. 9 ROOMS; MODERN IMPROVE-
ments. 1318 Leavenworth St.: desirable lo-
cation; rent reasonable.
HOUSE OF 4 ROOMS. 73 FEDERAL ST.,
off Second, between Brvant and Brannan;
rent reduced: $13; water free. Apply 515 Second.
Q"| A ELLIS. ABOY'E VAN NESS — SUNNY'
CAT house: 7 rooms: modern improvements. .
. Q9Q 8 ROOMS: LARGE SUNNY YARD.
', — O. 2627 Pine St., near Scott; see It.
\\TE RENT -CAN V" HOUSES BECAUSE YVE
'» treat people - right. BALDWIN A HAM-
• lOND. 10 .Montgomery st.
' ruRNiSHEo HOUSES.
OR DURING 1 SUMMER 1 MONTHS
furnished house of 9 rooms: all modern im-
provements; located 2 miles from San Jose: elec-
tric cars pass the door. For particulars address
box 35, San Jose Mercury Office. ; ' .'.
COTTACJES TO LET.
SHINNY COTTAGES OF 1 AND 5 ROOMS;
bath: basement ; yard. Cor. Dolores and 15th.
Q-l c. 2050 JONES ST., BET. UNION AND
«3p-l Filbert — Neat cottage 4 rooms and bath.
• Apply to C. S. 1 AI'P A- CO- 413 Montgomery St.,
House-brokers and Real Estate A gents.
O LET— FURNISHED COTTAGE; LAUREL
Grove; Rom Y'aliey. Apply 164 Golden (iateav,
£«>•> crt 425 Second 7 rooms and
•&Xj-.O\J. bath; nice yard. NICOL, 634
California st. ■ _^__^_
_ FLATS TO LET.
ELLIS, BET. BUCHANAN AND WEBSTER—
6 rooms and bath, with water; cheap to a good
tenant.
Mission, bet. Twelfth and Thirteenth, corner of
Bond— o rooms and bath; $20.
"Nineteenth, bet. Guerrero and Dolores, sunny
; side— 7 rooms and bath, $23, with water. Apply to
c. s. CAPP * CO., 413 Montgomery st.. Rent Col-
lectors and Real Estate Agents.
fl_»)~«>~V. HOSA JONES, SE. CORNER FIL-
, <5> — O.UU. ■ i■ —8 Sonny rooms and bath; water
Included. Apply to C. S. caff A CO., 413 Mont-
gomery st., Rent Collectors and Real Estate Agents.
INDEX AYE., RET. OCTAVIA AND LA-
guna. Hayes and Fell— 2 nice flats of 5 rooms
and bath at $15, with water. Apply to C. S. CAPP
«£ CC).. 4-3-3 Montgomery St., Rent Collectors and
. Real Estate Agents^
TTPPEB FLAT; 5 SUNNY' BOOMS. 131 LILY
U avenue. .
9 "ELEGANT FLATS; 5 ROOMS: ALL LATEST
— Improvements. 10 and 141 Grove, City Hall.
LEGANTSUNNY' TOP FLAT; 4 ROOMS AND
' bath; all latest improvements. 718 Grove sL
- "pHEAPEST NEW MODERN FLAT IN
I- town, s rooms bath: $18. 900 Folsom st.,nr. 5 th.
MIDDLE FLAT; 4- ROOMS; BATH; YaRS.
8 Shotwell st., near Tenth; $18.
MODERN- FLATS ON CA PP ST., BETWEEN
Twenty-second and Twenty-third, Mission and
Howard: sun all day; 5 and 6 rooms and baths:
mantel fireplaces; senar.ite yards to each fiat:
rents $20 and $22 50; waterfree: will hold till
May 1 for you: key at grocery. O'FARRELL A
CO., 11 Montgomery st.
<_♦.</» 822 HOWARD ST.. HEAR FOURTH,
tJ)ti\J. 12 rooms and bath. ABHTON, 411 Mont-
gomery st. '
fTIO LET— ELEGANT FLAT. 426 STEVENSON
A St., bet. Fifth and Sixth.
ODE RN SUNNY FLATS; 4 TO H ROOMS;
bath; $13 $20; water free. 1196 Treat aye.
S"J Q FLAT 4 ROOMS. 125 PAGE ST.,' BET.
<3>XO. CiOuith and Octavia.
QTO 3 LARGE ROOMS; YARD. 409 THIR-
■ y 1• >» teenth St., above Valencia.
Tr PPER FLAT, 5 NICE SUNNY ROOMS; $12.
VJ ltil-ii Stevenson st. - ......
2 UPPER FLATS ,~3 ROOMS EACH; $10. 29
Ringold St., near Folsom and Ninth.
ODERN~SUN NY' UPPER 4-ROOM FLAT
1694 Page st., cor. Clayton, Go.den Gate Park.
IYINE CORNER FLAT; 6 ROOMS AND BATH.
Cor. McAllister and Broderick sts: rent cheap.
i I OO HOWARD— FLAT; i BOOHS.
~^i)X 1713 McYLLISTER, NEAR BRODER-
HyXJO. Ick— 7 rooms an I bath; newly papered
and painted; modern finish. ABHTON 4 GAR-
DINER, 411 Myptgomeiy st. ' ■ v
"WANTED— GO! - TENANTS FOR NEYV
" flats: special terms; $10 up. SPECK A CO.,
602 Market st.
"VTEW, ELEGANT. UPPER SUNNY' MODERN
A^ flat; 6 rooms and bath. 933 Golden Gate aye
r.AA SANCHEZ- NEAR 19TH (FLAT R»— 4
U~r'± rooms, bath; sunny; decorated and modern.
S" UN NY UPPER FLAT 6 ROOMS, BATH ;
reasonable. 209 Steiner St., near HaighL
Vf OJ IE B N UPPER FLAT OF 2-STORY
i'A notice ; 6 large rooms and bath: cellar; sunny
yard. 1423f/_ Hayes St., near Baker.
QTO 4 NICE ROOMS. 528"" GREENWICH
»y 1— • St.. near Stockton, on sunny side.
\\ ODERN FLAT; 5 ROOMS; BATH; STABLE.
AM. 375 Shotwell St., near Eighteenth. y__
"I 9-1 /_> EDDY', NEAR UNA— SUNNY
I-IO flat; 5 rooms; bath: modern improve-
ments; key in rear.
HARRISON, NEAR SIXTH — NEYV
iJOS. flat: 6 rooms: all improvements: cheap.
SONNY* FLATS; 3 AND 4 ROOMS; BATH;
garden; 813 and $16. 170. Post.
IV E RENT MANY FLATS BECAUSE YVE
»' treat people right. BALDYVIN & HAM-
MOND, 10 Montgomery st.
A I r. LOVELY* - FLAT; 5 SUNNY" ROOMS
». A«l. and bath: newly papered and painted. 814
Nineteenth st., bet. Noe and Sanchez.
U'EBSTER 207-209— SUNNY FLATS, 6 AND
»' 7 rooms; rent $25. $27 50.
I" ,'LEGANT NEYV FLATS. VENT ST., BE-
j low Hrvant. 5 and 6 rooms, hath: $8 10 ?16.
HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS.
Brannan Street.
79C BRANNAN, ABOVE SIXTH — SUNNY'
I __U kitchen and bedroom: furnlsiied: $7.
Eddy Street.
"1 "1 EDDY' — 3 SUNNY HOUSEKEEPING
A AO rooms; other newly furnished rooms; cheap.
Ellis Street.
COQ ELLIS, COR. LARKIN— SUNNY FUR-
yi OU nished front room and kitchen.
: Fifth Street.
107 FIFT " - PLEASANT SUNNY UNFUR-
-1"! nished rooms to leL
QQ SUNNY BEDROOM AND KITCHEN;
»- CJ. running water; bath; private; no children.
314 Fifth st.
AJOQS FIFTH-FRONT ROOM AND KITCH-
*_--_C? en; completely furnished for housekeep-
ing; cheap. ;>--.: --'j^--'
Folsom Street.
CCQ FOLSOM-3 UNFURNISHED ROOMS
000 for housekeeping; range: hot, cold water.
o£o FOLSOM-I.Alti.E SUNNY BEDROOM
CJU«J and kitchen; yard; complete tor house-
keeping.
1 O^.S FOLSOM - 3 ROOMS FURNISHED
XXJOrx complete for housekeeping.
Fourth Street.
OO' FOURTH— FURNISHED ROOMS; SUIT-
_- — able for light housekeeping.
OA r FOURTH— NICE FURNISHED ROOMS
Ox) i complete for housekeeping: rent cheap.
• iUltieii <«a:« Avenue.
OOA GOLDEN GA COMPLETELY FIR.
Ox. nished sunny housekeeping apartments;
also single: reasonable.
000 GOLDEN GATE AYE.— 4 SUNNY FUR-
. OOP nished housekeeping rooms: bath.
Harrison Street.
/-'.- ." SON-FINE furnished room :
\JOO light housekeeping.
Howard Street.
"1 ROR HOYVARD-2 FRONT ROOMS; BAY'-
•I-yJyJyJ window; complete for housekeeping;
rent cheap.
Leavenworth street. . y >.! ;.
1 01 { ? URA VENWORTH— PARLOR FLOOR
XVJA-Xj of 3 rooms; furnished completely; gas;
range.
Market Street.
1897 MARKET, OPP. OCTAY'IA-2 OR 3
■ I OX. I sunny corner rooms furnished; house-
keeplng: $16 to $20. Apply 3 1 earl st.
■ McAllister Street.
Ad.7 MCALLISTER— 2 ROOMS FURNISHED
t"X I complete for housekeeping; $12 and up.
•Minna street. ;
*.4fi '£.£££;: FD , I '" N,SIIED rooms for
OtVVf housekeeping: large yard.
Miss on street.
QAi\ MISSION-2 LARGE BUNNY ROOMS;
C/aU completely furnished for housekeeping.
Cl^l MISSION-l OR •_ FRONT ROOMS. FUR-
jyOS. nished few housekeeping; private family.
TO I O MISS I 0 N - 1 M -. i SHED HOUSE-
- l._j 1«/ keeping rooms; no children -. gas ; bath.
1-999 MISSION-'. OR 3 ROOMS FURNISHED
1 — xj complete for housekeeping. -
HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS - Continued.
":•'■■ Moss Street.
9 OR 3 FURNISHED ROOMS FOR HOUSE-
-- keeping. 13 Moss St.. off Howard, nr. SeY'enth.
Natoma Street.
rnn NATOMA. COR. sey'enth-2 suites,
ODI housekeeping rooms, complete; $8 and $10
per month.
('(\ \ NATO MA- 2 FURNISHED FRONT
UV/i) rooms for housekeeping.
Octavia Street.
"1 ACiQ OCTAVIA, COR. GEARY' - SUNNY
lyiU,) bay-wiudow housekeeping; furnished or
unfurnished. '.
I'olfc Street.
PA 1 POLK — PARLORS; KITCHEN: GAS
Oil range; piano; reasonable: suitable for phy-
sician. _______________
Scott Street.
"1 "I Q SCOTT— a SUNNY ROOMS; PARTLY'
A±i) furnished lor housekeeping. .
Second Street. ---y
lie SECOND— SUNNY' FRONT FURNISH-
-1 1 U ed rooms for light housekeeping cheap; j
also single.
Seventh Street.
"1 I 9 SEVENTH — SUITES, SINGLE AND
1 i_- housekeeping: suitable for doctor or dentist.
South Park.
"I n SOUTH PARK-2 FURNISHED, HOUSE-
A.U keeping, 10; 4 unfurnished, $10;. A fur-
nished. $15. -. r
Tehama Street.
OflQ TEHAMA. NR. FOURTH-FURNISHED
UUO rooms for housekeeping; complete; cheap.
Turk Street.
OfkF; nicely FURNISHED front
OlfU alcove and kitchen complete: bath and gas.
Twenty-sixth Street.
I OQ TWENTY-SIXTH — 2 ROOMS; BATH;
_-__♦> housekeeping; $10 a month; single $4.
YVebster Street.
r--i A YVEBSTER— 2 OR 3 LARGE HANDSOME i
I 11 rooms, furnished or unfurnished.
ROOMS TO LET.
Bush street.
1/110 BUSH— LARGE ALCOVE: FINE LO-
IttAU cation: pleasant home; private family;
reasonable; references.
Bryant Avenue.
/inn BRYANT— PLEASANT FRONT ROOM;
KiZixJ private family; rent moderate.
LEAN BEDS. 10c AND 16c PER NIGHT.
Old French Hospital, Bryant St., beL Fifth and
Sixth.
C'app Street.
art. NEATLY FURNISHED FRONT
UUU room; gas ana bath.
LdUy Street.
9Q EDDY YORK HOUSE: CHANGED
_-U hands: large front room; also single. y .
ry)L* eddy— SUNNY' ROOM yvith
U—U use of bath. V '.•:.-.-'>? v
l>-\ Q EDDY— LARGE SUNNY' ROOM; ALSO
A. V back parlor: nicely furnished.
Eighth Street.
SHERMAN APARTMENT HOUSE. 28 BTH
St.. near Market; furnished and unfurnished.
_
Ellis Street.
THE RAMONA, 130 ELLIS ST., SAN FRAN-
Cisco. MRS. KATE S. HART, manager
opened; a newly furnished, well-appointed, quiet
house, containing 160 rooms, large and small;
sunny rooms, single or en suite; gas and electricity,
hot and cold running water in each room; elevator
and lire escapes: situate convenient to the busi-
ness center of the city, principal hotels and thea-
ters; electric-cars direct ;o ferry and park pass the
door. - ;
Fourth Street.
rjr FOURTH (REAP.) - LARGE UNFCR-
* U nished room; German family.
Fourteenth Street.
9f|Xl FOURTEENTH, NEAR HOWABD-4
.-.y/Ujj rooms cheap.
tieary Street.
Qf)C GEARY ST. — NICELY FURNISHED
o—.o rooms, single, suite; modern conveniences.
ffIHE MARTINET HAS CHANGED HANDS;
1 handsomely furnished suites and sing: c rooms
also suitable apartments for physician. 1101
Geary St., cor. Van Ness aye.
Golden bate A.venue.
I Af-Q GOLDEN GATE AYE. — 1 UNFUR-
XVJOxJ nished front room; running water.
Howard Street.
BHOYVARD COURT, NX. FOURTH—
floor; 5 sunny rooms, $14.
Jessie Street.
A Or JESSIE, NEAR MINT— PRIVATE FAM-
; _tOU iiy; sunny single room: rent $5.
.ones Street.
nrj JONES— NICELY' FURNISHED SUNNY'
I alcove: every convenience; private.
i)f\n .TONES — THE VAN INKLE: NEYV
XJ\J I management; elegant sunny suites and
single; newly furnished; bath, etc.; $10 to $30.
Kearny Street.
ARLINGTON HOUSE, 127 KEARNY— PLEAS-
ant sunny rooms, en suite and singlu: firs; class
in every respect: terms reasonable.
Market Street.
V 7 OSEMITE HOUSE, 1045 MARKET — PER
1 night, 35c to $1 ; week, $1 50 to $5: families.
111Q MARKET — NICELY FURNISHED
J-J-J-O suite; Ist floor; also single: transient.
Dlason Street.
U MASON— SUNNY ROOM; NICELY FUR-
nlsbed; $1 per week.
-Mju'iu street.
nan MINNA, corner eighth— newly
UU I furnished bay-window rooms; $1 a week;
transient.
Mission street.
CirS) MISSION — FURNISHED ROOMS TO
El "ROPE - HOUSE, 1169 MISSION— NICELY
J furnished rooms, single or en suite: transients.
O'Farreil street.
COQ O'FARRELL — NICE FURNISHED
*Jx.O front room in private family; good home;
reference.
Post Street.
9/Y7 POST — YVELL- FURNISHED SUNNY
xAJ I rooms: single and double: $6 up.
7/Y9 POST. NEAR JONES— LARUE ROOM;
I Xjxj running water; suitable for 2 gentlemen.
Polk Street.
Q"! Q POLK-ELEGANTLY FURNISHED AL-
Oxij cove sunny front room; bay-window; new
carpets, furniture; suitable young men or couple:
handsomely furushd single rooms bath; water.
I'owell Street.
99JT POWELL, COR. GEARY'— LARGE BASE-
XJX.XJ ment-room and one sunny corner np-stairs.
Scott Street.
■171-11 SCOTT, NR. SUTTER— FURNISHED
1 I ll'j sunny front alcove rooms: gas.
Sixth Street.
Ur. SIXTH (THE PIEDMONT)—
HO furnished sunny rooms; rent reduced.
Sixteenth Street.
OQ-I 9 SIXTEENTH, NEAR HOWARD — 2
XJxjSxi furnished rooms for housekeeping: $7.
. — _,
Seventh Street*
1 Oft FURNISHED FRONT BIN-
AUU gie rooms; $1 per week.
Stockton street.
A"I 7 STOCKTON — LARGE FRONT BAY-
xL I window room, $9; single. $5 or $6: sun.
Sutter Street.
r.OO SUTTER, COR! POYVELL — LARGE
t->Y'YJ sunny front suite; other rooms; furnished or
unfurnished.
TIIE ALEXANDRIA, 781 SUTTER-ELE-
gant rooms; first-class dining-room; elevator.
Third sivee;.
WINCHESTER HOUSE-44 THIRD, NEAR
Market; most convenient and respectable; 200
rooms 26c to $1 60 per night ; *1 60 10 $6 per week;
electric lights in room : reading rm : tree bus.'
OOf) THIRD. COLTON HOUSE— SUITES AND
xjXj\j single light housekeeping rooms; 85 up.
Turk Street.
11 rj TURK-BEAUTIFUL SUNNY SUITE-
ALU newly furnished; single; with convenien-
ces; board optional.
1 47/' TI "RK -'SUNNY FURNISHED FRONT
I xxxj room; flrst floor; suitable man and wife or
2 gents.
{TIO TUBK— SUNNY, SINGLE ROOM; GAB;
OtzO bath: $5; private.
Valencia Street.
1 f\ fQI VALENCIA -.SUITE ROOMB, $16:
X.VJ Son also single rooms, reasonable.
Van Ness Avenne.'
1 HOI ' VAN NESS AYE., COR. GEARY, AN
1 VJxiS. elegant front suite of 3 or more connect-
ing sunny rooms; all complete.
~ I ~~ BICYCLES.
ARK CYCLERY— WHEELS TO Let";
best accommodations. Terminus Geary, Mc-
Allister and Powell st. car lines.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, APRIL 16, 1896.
boarding and KOOMS. .
PLC* A su n ny boom aniTboard
OOVJ for young lady; private family; reasonable.
Q OK POST, NR.HYDE— NICELY FURNISHD
000 large front room; good board; 1 or 2 gents.
]\T ICELY "FURNISHED BOOMS; UNSUR-
AY passed for neatness and comfort: 50c, 75c and
$1 perday; $2, $2 50, $3 per week and up; $8 to
£30 mo. Hackmeier's Hotel. GEO. GRUENIG, Pr.
BEST TABLE BOARD IN "THE CITY'; $4 50
week. Sl6 a month, at Hackmeier's Hotel.
ACKMEIER'S HOTEL. 123-129 EDDY ST.;
new management: GEORGE GRUENIG, pro-
prietor: board and room $5 and $6 a week and up.
HOTEL BEETLING. 714 BUSH— A FAMILY
hotel: references given and required; all mod-
ern conveniences.
1 ii I ;
CHILDREN BOARDED.
TV ANTET^T^m^CinLD^NT^BOARD:
I » good care. 10431 _ Y'alenciast.
"I ADY OWNING HER HOME YVOULD
X-> like to board 2 or 3 refined young children;
best of care given. Address L. P.. box 121, Call.
A "OF CAN FIND PLEASANT HOME, EXCEL-
V lent care for child at 402 San Jose aye. .-----*f
j STOKES TO LET.
&0 CLEMENTINA— STOKE AND 6 ROOMS;
| CJ«J cheap rent. Key 23 Clementina st.
j OHOYVYVINDOYV AND PORTION OF STORE
K^ to rent. Call after 2r. M., 225 Kearny st.
TORE, GOOD CORNER, \VITH FIXTURES;
0 good for any kind of business; $10. Cor. Cort-
land aye. and Bennington St., Holly Park.
S TORE— NYV. COR7 _ HYDE — AND - PA
sts.; large cellar and stable; suitable for saloon,
grocery or drug store.
1 HfJO MISSION-FINE STORE AND CEL-
VJVtO lar, 104 feet; wineliouse or barroom.
41 ft FOURTH— SMALL STORE. WITH ROOM
JXX in rear; rent low. Apply to G. H. UMB-
SEN A CO.. 14 Montgomery st.
OFFICES TO LET.
rpilE DENTAL OFFICE OF" DR. JAMES ED-
A YY'ARDS, s__ Kearny St., to let ou May 1. Ap-
ply J. A. SCHMIDT, 425 Ellis st.
CA LI P. N SAFE DEPOSIT BUILDING—
Oflices $10 and upward, Including janitor's ser-
vices, heat, electric and gns lights. Apply at room
522 to A. I-'. BUCKINGHAM.
STABLES TO LET.
"OEAUTIFUL LARGE STABLE: 2414 CALI-
-• * fornia st. ; rent cheap. Apply room 26, Chron-
icle building.
PIANOS, VIOLINS, ETC. ~
"V"E\V 9400 UPRIGHT PIANO; NO REASONA-
I-Y ble offer refused. 614 YVillow aye., bet. Eddy
atid Ellis sts.
V OR SALE— ANT UPRIGHT PIANO AT
V a great sacrifice. 522 Sutter st.
"jU AGNIi U'E.\T~GItAND UPRIGHT, $125;
-"1 sold to cover advances; Storidart maker. YVM.
I G. BADGER, 26 O'Farrell st..rm. 1; take elevator.
A MOST ELEGANT HARDMAN UPRIGHT
grand; a magnificent piano; sacrificed by lady
In urgent need of funds. Room 10, 809 Market st.
©lO^. EASTERN UPRIGHT 3-STRINGED
LUU. YVeber; $350. BRUENN, 228 Post SL
A PRIVATE PARTY" YVILL SACRIFICE
-£*- nice Steinway. See it at room 21, 809 Market.
j TTPRIUHT PIANO CHEAP. 2410 a GEARY
I VJ St., between Raker and Lyon.
Q>r INSTALLMENTS YVILL BUY A $375
*4pO piano for $50. 221 Leavenworth si.
J JUNE CONCERT GRAND PIANO; SUITABLE
A for a hall; also Baby Grand. 514 Sutter st.
<Hi "1 9?; UPRIGHT PIANO; GOOD CONDI-
<DX^O. tion; cash or installments. 106 Mc-
Allister st.
I OOX PIANO; GOOD CONDITION. SCHMITZ,
j npOO. 16 McAllister St., next Hibernia Bank.
ALL YOU YVANT Is" VALUE FOR YOUR
money ; Investigate these prices and be con-
| vinced; the new seven-bar autoharp $6; the five-
bar autoharp *4; a seventeen inlaid rosewood
ribbed mandolin 86 25; the orlze-winner guitar
$3 25; solid walnut and oak organs, new, $47 50;
elegant new upright pianos In any style case, wal-
nut, mahogany, oak, $187: one trial will convince
you. J. HARRY SCOTT, 929 Market St., tepreck-
el's building.
OIaNOS— $90. $100, $150: GREAT BAR-
-*- gains. MA is' 769 Market st.
ASHAY\ , $425: 2 I.i.NYVAYS. $215, $195:
Sommer, -1185; squares, $25, $55: rents $2
i up. allowed on purchase. HEINE, 136 Ellis sl
ELEBRATED HAINES BROS., BUSH A
Gens and Knabe panos: being overstocked
Yvhoiesale prices will rule during the next 30 days.
a. l. Bancroft «t Co., 324 Post st., S. F.
V RR] V 1 1 1 - -Li OF CELEBRATED HIGH-
; ■ xx. grade T. L Neumann pianos: prices and terms
1 moderate. H. LUEDERS, 82 Ninth st
ARE YOU DESIROUS OF OBTAINING A
good piano at a low price and upon very easy
! terms'.' Then Investigate our new rent-contract
I plan. SHERMAN, CLAY A CO., Steinway repre-
sentatives for the Pacific Coast, SYV. cor. Kearny
and Sutter sts-
lUM. G. BADGER, 26 O'FARRELL. ROOM 1,
*» first floor; solo agents Hallet A- Davis Pianos;
pianos, organs sold for cash or installments.
("YONOVER PIANO; AS GOOD AS NEW;
VJ great sacrifice. Tho F. YV. SPENCER COM-
PANY, 338 Post st.
CHICKERING, KNARE, BTECK.VOSE, STER-
ling pianos; see our new piano for $187; pianos
:or rent. BENJ. CURTAZ <_ SON. 16 i arrell.
l> Inr CASH OR INSTALLMENTS; WEBER
0 A lU. upright: perfect order. 1019-Van Ness.
1 kECKER BROS. Y.FISCHER AND
XJ other first-class makes of pianos: little used;
cheap for cash or on easy terms. KOHLER _:
CHASE, 28 and 30 O'Farrell st.
11ASY TERMS;. PRICES. KOHLER A
-Ci CHASE.
BY~RON MAUZY, 308 POST ST.-SOHMEB,
Newby A Evans, Briggs and other pianos.
SUPERIOR VIOLINS, ZITHERS. OLD&NEYV
H. MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham nlace.
i: A PEST - AND BEST IN AMERICA—
V.J WEEKLY CALL, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $1 50, post-
ece free.
_FOR SALE-MISCELLANEOUS.
FOR SALE— SALOON OUTFITS, GLASSES,
bar and back bar; cheap; cash register; also
5000 chairs at 25c each. C. HARLOYV A CO.,
864 Mission st. -.-«■• S-:
e> nf| CHICKS; EACH; HATCHED BY
O\J\J schule's self-regulating hot-water incu-
bator; best in the world. 1213 Valencia st.
URREY;I>- PASSENGER; 3 SEATS, TOP
and curtains; new; cheap. Address T. P. 8.,
box 83. Baden. Cal.
"1 HIGH-GRADE PNEUMATICSAFETY';
AOUU just cost $106; sell cheap forcash; no in-
stallments. Cyclist, box 81. Call Oflice.
TUNE FAMILY C(V\V FOR SALE: HALF-
J bred Jersey. Apply A. TRAVER s, Farleonest.,
Ocean View.
THRESH. THOROUGHBRED HOI.STEIN COYV
J for sale. 421 Eighth aye.. near Point Lobe*.
DONKEYS FOR SALL; BROKE TO RIDE
and drive some for children. 1110 Fell st.
I^OR SALE OR RENT, CHEAP— A COMMO-
F dious houseboat: will be moored at Belvedere
or Sausalito. Address "Ark," box 57, Call Office.
HE.-.T OF CARPENTER'S TOOLS CHEAPO
I 23 Dearborn st., off 17th, above Valencia.
IpOR SALE— 19 FEET BY 32 FEET, 12
feet high; now lying at Alice-st. bridge, Oak-
land Creek. Apply on board.'
TTiOR SALE— GOOD FEATHER BED AND
X folding-bed. 705 Larkin st.
PA NTER'S~F ALLS FOR SALE. APPIY 11
Folsom aye.
FL HORSE-POWER GOLDEN GATE GAS EN-
U gine for sale. Inquire 820 Kearny st.
1 H^Q GOLDEN (LATE AYE. — 1 UNFUR-
AUUU nished front room; running water.
EY'ERAL SECOND-HAND TANDEMS AND
safeties at extremely low prices. 328 McAllister.
I'ADY'S NEW SEALSKIN FOB H A LFO RIGI-
AJ nal cost at UNCLE HARRIS', 15 Grant aye.
YN'AMO ENGINE, BO L _ A DA LOT OF
tools, cheap. 516 Mission.
ABY' CARRIAGES AND RATTAN J-I'i'..s..
ture bought at the factory saves retailer's pro-
fit California Rattan Co., 61 First St., ur. Mission
STERLING BICYCLE BUILT LIKE A
watch ; terms easy. D. N.'HAYVLEY, 31. Mkt.
USE PRUSSIAN BITTERS, BEST STOMACH
bitters ln markei: buy your wines, liquors, etc.,
at Bonanza YY'ine Vaults; free delivery city. Oak-
land. Alameda. PUTZMAN A SCHURMANN,
prop., 341 Fine, cor. Montgomery; phone red 391.
J»UILDINGS BOUGHT: LUMBER, SASHES
-O doors, mantels, etc.. tot sale. 1166 Mission.
ONE SMALL MEDIUM and LARGE size
fire and bnrg!=r proof safe. 109, 111 Market s:.
■ /•IRE AND BURGLAR SAFE. LETTER*
F press, platform scales and desk: cheap. 102 Clay.
A'EYV RANGES CHEAPER THAN SECOND-
A\ hand. vV. & RAY Mfg Co.. 12 California s_ ■
(\O UN TER S, SHELVING. SHOWCASES
j J bought and sold 1121 L. Market bet. 7thauddtt»
ATTORNEYS- AT-LAW.
A"~^fviCEIFREE^DfvORCI^^
alty; private; no charge unless successful; all
lawsuits, claims, collections, wills, deeds, etc., at-
tended to. G. YV. HoYVE, att'y-at-law. 850 Market.
\/f 3. NOLEN, ATTORNEY- ,719
lfl . Market st. ; advice free.
J. MURRAY, ATT'Y* AND COUNSELOR AT
. law: advice free. 24 Sixth St., rooms 14, 15.
YV. DA VIDSON, ATTORNEY- A A wTiab
. California st., rooms 14 and 15; advice free.
PARTNERSHIP > ' o_,r?_0 _ ,r ?_ -
HE 'PARTNERSHIP " OF " PETERSEN <fe
FISHER, plumbers .and gasfilters, at 205
Powell st., has this day been dissolved by mutual
consent. S. PETERSEN will continue the busi-
ness at above address, collect all outstanding bills
and settle liablities incurred to date by -PETER-
SEN & FISHER. . S. PETERSEN.
San Francisco, April 15. 1896. C. YY'. FISHER.
FINANCIAL. =
"®Tn?T?Jr^^^^°^"^"'^ i^'^^uiC
»4PLc/l/.YfY/ ' ' ance policies: bankbooks bought;
also Cripple Creek mining stocks. JOSEPH B.
TOPLITZ, room 9, 330 Pine St.
CITY REAL ESTATE.
CAFEE BROTHERS, tU T~ ~™"
REAL ESTATE BROKERS y
AND FINANCIAL AGENTS.
108 MONTGOMERY ST.
BARGAIN'S.
ffi.PO'A BROADWAY, NR. STOCKTON—
»3rU_.»JU. 21:6x137:6; good, substantial im-
provements; 2 flats and cottage in rear; brick
foundation: street work all clone; reuts $816; must
be sold; electric cars pass the door.
<_»<-AA CLAY ST., YVALNUT-34:4l/ 2
tjY'IOUU. xl27:BiA; street graded and sew-
ered; ready to build on.
d_,VOK.A BAKER ST., NR. GREENWICH-
t&ttxioV. 24x94: 2-stor/ house; rents for
$420: Union-street cars pass the door; street
graded and sewered.
ffiQftfin GREENYVICH ST., NEAR BU-
•yOOVlU. chanan — Lot 25x137:6; • 2 flats;
rents $35 per month: brick foundation; street
macadamized.
©O'niY SOUTH BRODERICK ST. — ONE-
<3)__UUy/. story house of 4 rooms, bath and
basement: street graded; nice locality; lot 25x100.
MCAFEE BROTHERS,
108 Montgomery st.
Gill ExflCl CHOICE PROPERTY; IMI
tJS A'A.'JUv'. proved; Mission St., nr. 2d.
$250—25x125; NE. cor. Lobos and Capitol sts. ■
Railroad Homestead Association.
$90—25x100: lot 13, block 9, City Land Associa-
tion. CHAS. C. FISHER, 607 California st.
MONEY-
loaned on REAL ESTATE
at LOWEST MARKET
bates,
borrowers ACCOMMODATED AT
short notice. by the
california
title insurance COMPANY',
office. MILLS BUILDING,
L. R. ELLERT, Vice-President.
"I OTS ON
XJ BAKER ST..
MCALLISTER ST.,
LYON ST..
GOLDEN GATE AYE.
AT AUCTION,
TO-DAY.
I n our salesroom, at 12 o'clock.
All the streets are sewered.
Stone walks around the entire block.
ESverj lot is on grade. Only 15
minutes to the business, center of the city
by electric or cable lines.
Go and see this block to-day and attend the sale.
Don't be one of those who will say
after the opportunity is gone,'"l didn't
know they would go so cheap." YVe
notify you that the lots will go at
your prices. No limit or reserve
placed on them by the owner.
TERMS, 1/4 CASH. v y
Balance in 1, 2 and 3 years.
BALDYVIN A y - . ;
HAMMOND,
10 Montgomery st.
fi»Q' A REMARKABLE BARGAIN; 4-ROOM
(JpOOxJ. cottage; lot 2sxl2s; outhouses, etc.; near
station; easy terms. THISTLETON, 262 Sadowa
st., Ocean View. ' y ,'
SOL GETZ & BRO.,
REAL-ESTATE OYVNERSj
ROOM A. FIRST FLOOR CROCKER BUILDING
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS.
"VTEW BLOCKS, NEYV LOTS.
1\ for homes or investments at great bargains.
Come and see. YVe buy for cash and get choice
bargains.
fflWTr TO $200-LOTS NEAR PARK; GRAND
«© Ix) boulevard; $10 dowu, $5 monthly. SOL
GETZ & BRO. '
SOAA $400. $450, $500 TO $1100 —
f^Ovtyj. choicest lots in Richmond; near Sutro
electric-car line and near new concert grounds,
Affiliated Colleges; on the south of park; ready to
build on; terms to suit puiebasers. SOL GETZ A
BRO.
Gt]AfT TO $250— BUILDING LOTS, NEAR
«3pJ V>\f Mission-st. and electric-car lines: only
$10 down, $5 monthly. SOL GET/ A BRO.
CALL FOR MAPS AND DIAGRAMS.
SOL GETZ A BRO., OWNERS,
ROOM A, FIRST FLOOR CROCKER BUILDING.
UST BE SOLD; MAKE AN OFFER: COR-
ner ou 25th st., one Vlii from 24th-st. cable-
cars ; suitable for grocery-store, etc,; lot 50x100.
MIST BE BOLD; BRYANT-ST. CORNER,
near 3d; improvements rented for $116 per
mouth; 70x75. '*y
O'FARRELL A CO., 11 Montgomery st.
<£ ] AAA WILL "secure A new"ba y"-yV I N-
A" <\J\J dow cottage; modern improvements;
basement; lot 25x100; South Broderick sl., near
Haight. Apply 1330 Mission st.
"I? BUI TV ALE TERMINAL TRACT— SEE IT
F to-day. D. PRATT, Fruitvale Station.
C»-| PER YVEEkn^RCITVALE TERMINAL
xjp X tract: lots $100. McCART V CO., 646 Mkt.
PACiFTC HEIGHTS-THREE NEYV 12-ROOM
houses. 2847, 2849 and 2851 Fillmore St., S. of
Green: all modern improvements: reception-hall,
parlors, dining, chamber and billiard-rooms, tinted
and decorated; furnace heat; all rooms and closets
lighted by electricity or gas; unobstructed marine
view: good Investment.
ffljOfTl'Eß LOT, 25x100; SAN BRUNO ROAD;
*_ —V' 6y 2 miles from Palace Hotel: patent title;
S. P. R. 11. shore line will cross tract, make It busi-
ness property; 15 minutes distant: some day
worth $1000 a lot; deed, map and abstract $1. A.
HEELER, 331 Montgomery st., roam 10.
CJjl OAfl COTTAGE; ROOM ; LOT 50x135:
*4P LwvWi In Berkeley, near station; payments
easy.
$1100— Cottage; 3 rooms: lot 75x125.
$1000— Handsome corner; 100x100; $15
monthly.
$200— Lot 25x135 ; $10 down; $5 monthly.
CHAS. A.BAILEY, 20 Montgomery st.
A j ARKET-STREET PROPERTY. '
READY FOR BUILDING.
CORNER 75x80.
NEAR VALENCIA.
Rare chance for Investors to buy below the mar-
ket value, save commission and time. Address
O. N. R.. box 9, this office.
MODERN 2-STORY DWELLING, 7 ROOMS;
bath, basement and attic, built for $2500: flats
an 1 cottages built nt most reasonable rates. Call and
see plans. .lAS. McCONAHEY. 1149 Missions:.
property TO exchange.
A vacant" lots, prices from
OV 8150 to $4,000
20 houses and lots, from $1250 to 10,000
50 ranches: all sizes: from $100 to 30,000
20 houses; Oakland, Alameda; $1000 t0... 8,000
100 business places: all kinds; from $50 to 4,000
25 lodging-houses and hotels; from $200 to 3,000
WHAT HAVE YOU TO OFFER?
I SELL AND EXCHANGE
All kinds of property.
H. C. DECK EH, 1020 Market st., opp. Fifth.
IftOXAiT FLAT MORTGAGE OF $700;
xff. OOVJ house, 10 rooms, on a main sir.-.-; in
Oakland: trade for San Jose property. HUGH M.
CAMERON, 479 Ninth St., Oakland. _^
I 9&H ACRES TIMBER LAND, KERN CO.;
I£OV water; fine for cattle-rais.nK. N..hx.16.Ca11
EDUCATIONAL.
pXvisilfrenHiTki^?^
Academy of Languages, 320 Post sttestab'd 1871.
YBES', THE LEADING SHORTHAND COL-
lege, 325 Montgomery st. ; individual instruc-
tion in shorthand, typing, bookkeeping, etc.; life
scholarship $50; low rates per week and month.
TOKEN CUT GERMAN, SPANISH; LEARN TO
A" speak; sp'c'l $2. Flood building.
OOKKPNG, YVKITNG, ARITHMTO, ORAM It;
1> day A night; noclasses; $5 month. 825 Mission.
RS. MELVILLE SNYDER,' STUDIO 514 sla-
ter; teacher vocal music, piano, elocution;
dramatic elocution a specialty; vocal Shakespear-
ean classes; stage dancing; minuet, gavotte, etc.
Vocal classes resumed Monday. April 13, at 8 p.m.
GiUITAR MANDOLIN. PIANO AND VOCAL
r lessons: $3 mo. MARY YY'ESTHAUS. 39 Fifth.
SPANISH, FRENCH ACADEMY. CASTILIAN
O and Parisian. 3 lessons w.; $3 m. Maze bid, r.57.
BOOKKEEPING TAUGHT PRACTICALLY]
better than in any college on earth; 6 wks; no
one teaches my rapid calculations. TARR,6S9 Mkt.
ACADEMY OF DANCING. MISSES HUDDY;
private and class. 6a Hyde; terms moderate.
TOSEPH GREVEN, Y'OICE IMPROVER. 83
*' Ninth st. ■■ > ■ -■ . -y
CPaNTsTI, FRENCH, GERMAN; MODERATE.
CjMeisterschaft School Languages, 122 O'Farrell st
A YRES, THE LEADING SHORTHAND COL-
XX. lege; individual Instruction; 4 months' course;
day and evening 325 Montgomery st.
pELASCO'S LYCEUM SCHOOL OF ACTING—
SS Private theatricals arranged: pupils rehearsed
on stage. R. 5 and 12, 1.0.0. F. block, 7th and Mkt.
CHOOL ELECTRICA-,, CIVIL, MINING, ME-
O chanlcal engineering, surveying, architecture,
assay; estab. '64. VAN PEP. N AILLEN, 72»MkL
H EALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 POST ST.
Bookkeeping, business practice, shorthand,
typing, electrical engineer.' telegraphy, modern
languages rapidly taught. YVrlte for catalogue.
vTlili'l SCJIOOL:IIEALD'S«IS. COLLEGER!
AY Post: commercial, shorthand, English ; low raiei
Y 7" JOHN. MANDOLIN, CELLO, BANJO; REA-
> sonable. PROF. FRANCIS. 1045y 3 Valencia.
HEMISTRY" AND ASSAYING. CUNNINU-
' ham's School, cor. Geary and Powell sts.
gg PHYSICIANS. ~~~ "
ONnfFAILT S^^F^DiLJ^RDAITAT
his museum, 1051 Market St.; his 30 years'
successful practice is a guarantee of fair treatment;
the worst cases treated satisfactorily by mail. -
REMOVED— DR. C. C. O'DONNELL TO 1206
-li. Market st. : diseases of woman a specialty. .
sewing machines.
KINDS BOUGHT, sold, EXCHANGED,"
rented, repaired; lowest rates. 205 Fourth gc
country REAL ESTATE.
For sale. or^^leaseTfor "a term
A of years; one of the most beautifully situated
and most 1 roiitnble ranches in the northern
partof the State, 1 mile from railroad station: _
hours from San Francisco: climate and surround-
ings unsurpassed: about 2000 acres: 50 acres
prunes and Bartlett pears; 10 acres vineyard and
family orchard; 60 acres alfalfa; cuts 3 crops an-
nually without Irrigation: balance farming and
grazing; creamery and cheese-factory in operation;'
3 houses, including family residence, completely
furnished; large barns, etc., and everything neces-
sary for ranch, in perfect condition, including
cattle, horses, hogs, etc.; magnificent opportunity
for good home and profitable business: terms easy.
Responsible parties apply for further information
to F. F„ box 51, Call Office.
AVERY CHEAP PLACE.
xX. Said to be the best place in Tuolumne County
for general farming, and Is known as the Cloud-
man Ranch; contains 1278 acres of land; 400
acres of fine level land, will grow grain or fruit;
the balance good pasture land, suitable for cattle,
hogs or sheep: it is located on the main road, and
the central point between Oakdale, Sonora. Chi-
nese Camp and Knights Ferry; it Is a stopping-
place for the traveling public, "being on the road to
Y'osemite Valley; postoflice, telephone oilice.
hotel and -feed yard, blacksmith-shop, all on the
place and are paying good rents; a lot 01 personal
; property will go with the place if desired; pasture
will carry from 300 to 500 head of cattle; if sold
within 30 days will take $11,000: part cash, bal-
ance four years at 6 per cent Interest per annum.
Apply at once to BOVEE, TOY A SONNTAG,
19 Montgomery st. . •
WE HAVE FOR SALE A HOTEL AND 8
'» acres of ground in a good railroad town; hotel
well patronized; 26 bedrooms, together with office,
dining-room, barroom, etc. ; all furnished complete;
a very fine piano In parlor; barn, outhouses, horses,
milch cows, hogs, etc; fine water piped to the
house and barn. Apply to BOY'EE, TOY A SONN-
tag, 19 Montgomery st.
ffi» QOA A IGO ACRES PINK VALLEY LAND
(ffIOOUU. that produces alfalfa, timothy and
other grasses: large barns; common house; some
orchard; abundance running water; also controls
large range tor cattle. No. 1147.
2 FINE TRACTS; ONE OF 60 AND ONE OF
xx 4o acres: both adjoining; on one a good house
of 6 rooms, barn, 6 acres of orchard ard vineyard :
fine bottom land for vegetables and clover; will
sell both or separate, or will rent the unimproved
place to purchaser of tho Improved place. EDWIN
K. ALSIP A CO., 29, second floor, Mills building,
San Francisco.
(^iT^AA 16V3 ACRES, li/. MILES FROM
<fIJ-LUc/Y/. St. Helena; 14 acres choice wine
grapes worth £25 ton; house, barn and family or-
chard.
$350— 160-acre relinquishment near Placervllle:
hour,.-, barn, tools, etc. CHAS. COLTON, 806
Market sL ---:,!
A A- ACRE LOVELY HOME; »-~ROi HOUSE;
x\J fruit; cow: horses; chickens; $4000: will ex-
change, for city property. SPECK A CO., 602
Market st.
IP INF." QUARTZ, GRAVEL, MINING AND
. timber property in Nevada Co. Call or write 11.
L. YV., 719 Polk St.. city; call Mon., YVed., Sat.
ft (iAfWI A 10 -ACRE YVE LL-IM PROVED
<£)\J\J\J\J. orchard, one mile from Haywards;
house and barn Included. Apply F. B. HOOSON,
Haywards, Cal. ...--_■ -.- -■
ft 7 YfiTi 15 ACBES LAND; HOUSE 8
«Jp I <JUV'. rooms; large barn; a genuine bar-
gain ; must be sold at once. Apply F. B. HOOSON,
Haywards, Cal.
1 (-'A-ACRE DAIRY. WOOD AND HOG
Acm ranch; United States patent; 3 springs of
water; will carry 20 cows and cut 20 tons wild-oat
hay: 1500 cords of firewood: with 160-acre home-
stead claim adjoining, with running water: all for
$1000: half cash. D. 11. 'I YVING. Sonoma City,
CaL; inquire at 632 Market st., San Francisco.
L 1 BLISHED.'. 16 YEARS
XJ N. d. SICKELS
THE
LAND AGENT.
SALE AND EXCHANGE of country property a
strict specialty (3000 propositions): most reliable,
latest and
Rest systematized LAND OFFICE in America,
620 Market Bt.. opp. Palace Hotel, San Francisco.
ipOR SALE— HOME OF 5 ROOMS: 4
F lots, 200x120 (half here): fine place for poultry
or flowers; $1800; half cash. YV. LAMBERT,
Mlllbrae, San Mateo County.
VALUABLE CONTRA COSTA COUNTY
» lands for sale on easy terms.
f A AA ACRES; RANCHO BOCA DE LA CAN-
UUYJYJ ada del Pinole; 12 miles east of Berk eley,
near narrow-gauge railroad.
1 QAA ACRES OF CHOICE LEV EL L.AND
J t)\)\J adjoining San Pablo railroad depot and
bordering on the bay of San Francisco. "
Ol A ACRES CHOICE VINEYARD LAND
OVIXJ adjoining the famous vineyards of the
Mount Diablo and Glen Terry wine 'companies at
Clayton, Cal.
Also 2 tracts of 665 acres each within 3 miles of
the Pinole railroad station. Apply to the owner,
SIMON BLUM, Martinez.
SAN RAFAEL AND ROSS VALLEY—
Land for sale or exchange by J. 1 UNSTEAD,
San Rafael, Cal.
ABIN COUNTY'— SOOO ACRES 26 MILES
from San Francisco.
Rancho de Novato.
Tracts cut any size desired; fruit, grain and
vegetable land, no Irrigation ; both rail and water
transportation; $10 to $75 ncr acre; terms mad.
to suit; send for circular.
Improved dairy farms for sale with cows.
SYNDICATE INVESTMENT COMPANY, 6.
and 65 Chronicle building. /
"LYARM PROPERTIES, ALL KINDS AND ALL
S sizes. improved and unimproved, for sale in the
best part of Alameda « 'ounty. Inquire of H. SALZ,
Centreville
I ITTLE HOMES CLOSE TO TOWN; IM-
-1_ proved; easy terms; also 4, 6 and 12 acre
pieces on 8 and 10 years' credit; 3 partly Improved,
with small house, etc. D. H. T YVING, Sunoma
City. Inquire 632 Market St.. S. F.
END FOR OUR LISP OF ORCHARD H0 553
0 for sale. YVOOSTER A W lt ITTON. San Jose.
Q* nr AND UPYVARD LOTS. IN EAST OAK-
'P 1 O lund: easy terms.
iijOP. per acre; quantity to suit: fine soil; near
tfpOO Pleasan ton, Alameda Co.; terms to suit; also
a few improved cozy country homes near by; 5 10
20 acres at half former value; easy terms: "will ex-
change. LEE A KISFR. 306 Montgomery st.
MONEY TO LOAN.
ft ITU! nfin "™ os lTfe~TnsupT
«H; .Y/VJu ance policies; money placed in
paying mines. JOSEPH p. T< iPi.IT/,,'330 Pine.
"» ST A 2D MORTGAGES: INTERESTS IN ES-
Atates;lowest rales:no delay .MURPHY, 62B Mrkt.
OANS ON FURNITURE, PIANOS, DlA-
monds: confidential; easy. Rm. 107, 76 Eddy.
ADVANCES ON DIAMONDS.JEYVELRY, ETC
Columbia Loan A Collateral Office. 9 Grant aye.
NY AMOUNT: IST, 2D or 3D MORTGAGES;
estates, undivided interests, real estate in pro-
bate. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, rooms 2-3.
AKLAND LOANS ON FIRST MORTGAGES
on improved real estate secured on short notice
at current rates of interest. HUGH M. CAM-
ERON. 479 Ninth st., Oakland.
VI ONEY LOANED ON JEYVELRY AND
i'J other valuables at the Security Loan Office,
1166Marketst..nr. Mason: private entrance 7 Turk.
DIRECT ON YOUR FURNITURE OR PIANO;
no removal: no delays; no commissions: low
interest. Km. 68, Dunohue bldg, 1170 Market, st.
B~""lG CAPITAL INTRUST AT 6 PERCENT;
the same rate on a 2d mortgage or any other
security, or across the bay. Coin, box 19,Ca1l Office.
DY'ANCE ON LIFE .INSURANCE. LEGA-
cies, pianos; lowest rates. 215 sansome, rm 5.
ORT( J AGEST^O ON COLLATERALS;
low rales, sylvain Saloman  C 0. ,328 Montgy
PAWNBROKERS.
188 KEARNY SI.. ROOM~9^MGNEY
loaned, watches, diamonds, etc.; low rates: pri-
vate rooms: elevator: pledges for sal ] cheap.
MEDICAL.
""\~LIT" CASES"" OF~IRREGULARITIES KE-
Jjx. stored in a few hours; safe and sure rel.ef
guaranteed; travelers helped without delay; pri-
vate home in confinement: regular graduate
physician: 30 years' successful practice; MEDI-
CAL ELECTRICITY used; ladle.-, consult the
doctor before going elsewhere; you will save time
and expense; consultation free and confidential. •
MRS. DR. YV YEi'H, 916 Post St., near Larkin.
ADIES — GERM HE CAPSULES PR>>
J vents, safe, sure; pills no longer required;
$1 60 per box. CL S. P. Co., 1031 Market st., S. F.
T ADIES — GERM ACIDS CAPSULES PRE-
A_vents;safe; sure. G. & P. Co., 1031 Market.S.F..
NEYV PROCESS— NO MEDICINE, INSTRU-
ment or worthless pills used; every woman her
own physician for all female troubles, no matter
from what cause; restores always in one day:
helped at once: can be sent and used at home: all
cases guaranteed. DR. POPPER, 318 Kearny st.
BLESSING TO LA Dl SUFFERING
from irregularities and diseases peculiar to
their sex: I latest improved method of treatment:
never falls; perfectly harmless: free from any bad
effects; never makes them sick to make them
well: travelers helped immediately: prices 10 suit
the times; home in continemenL DR. & MRS.
DAY lES, 14 McAllister st., next Hibernia Rank;
consult, free. French regulating pink pills, $2.
1 ADIES— ESTER'S ENGLISH PEN-
Sj ny royal Pills (Diamond Brand) are the best:
safe, reliable; take no other: send 4c. stamps for
particulars, '-Relief for Ladies," in letter by return
mail; at druggists Chichester Chemical Com-
pany, Philadelphia Pa. '
AL IES — DAUDET'S FEMALE REGULA-
ting pills; strongest, safest, best; never fail;
$1 per box. WIDBER'S drugstore, 14 Ellis St.,
formerly cor. Market and Third sts., sole agents. ..
I ADIES, CONSULT FREE MRS. DR. SCOTT,
JJ 216 Powell st.; only qualified specialist.: $500
for case 1 fall to cure; diseases of the eyes treated.
SURE cure For all FEMALE DISEASES,
from whatever cause: a home in confinement
with fcvery comfort; satisfaction guaranteed, by
MltS. DR. GWYEK, 226 Turk SL
MRS. DR. YVEGENER. PRIVATE HOME IN
confinement: Irregularities cured In a few
hours without operation; pills $2. 419 Eddy st.
DRS. GOODYVIN MAKES A SPECIALTY OP
diseases of women and restores all cases of ir-
regularity in one day cure or no churge; separate
home for patients; best skill: medical attend-
nca: low lees; regulator, $2. 1370 Market sl.
A HOME, A FRIEND Molll SCARE.
MRS. DR. FUN K'S, 1416 Eighth St.. Alameda.
ALPEAU'S FRENCH PILLS— A BOON TO
ladies troubled with irregularities: no danger;
safe and sure; $2 50 express C. O. D.: don't delay
until too late. OSGOOD BROS.. Oakland, Cal.
f R. HALL, 14 MCALLISTER STREET, NEAR
SJi J ones. Diseases of women and children.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
LOOK!. $100! LOTS ON INSTALLMENTS;
no interest ; near local trains and electric cars.
H. R. FINNEY, 902 Broadway. Oakland.
CIO Oflft DISCOUNT IF SOLD FOR CASH
A O.VJxjxj. this month. An ideal suburban
home; 50 acres: 35 acres in assorted fruits of the
choicest varieties in full bearing; only 2y 3 miles
from the city of Oakland; 10 minutes' driv'-to the
electric cars: _ blocks to public school; house 11
rooms, bath; new and modern in every detail:
(rood barn and outbuildings: sprint; water in
abundance; scenery and climate unexcelled.
Will accept as part payment property In Oakland,
Berkeley, Alameda, ban Fraucisco or Los
Angeles. Estimated value of this year's crop
$3000 to $5000. "
For photos and full particulars address J. S.
MYERS, 1002 Broadway, Oakland.
BA RGAIN— S2OO CASH. BALANCE TERMS
to suit: new 5-room house; flue view; 10 mm
I utes to town;' se- it before you buy. -WILLIAM
I P. TODD, 1002 Broadway, Oakland. .
, T^ATrvKR^'RTtTT, ELM HURST — BUILD-
»* Ing lot, nr. scnoolhouse; 50x150; fine climate:
good neighborhood. Address E. L., box 8, Call.
HAVE A HOME BUILT ON YOUR OWN
plans: Oakland, Berkeley or Alameda; easy
terms; want to exchange choice orange lands for
vacant lots; land free and clear: will assume some
mortgage. CHAS. P. KERN, Central Bank build-
up, Oakland.
OR SALE OR RENT— A FIRST-CLASS
J summer resort: house of 11 rooms; oar, beauti-
ful garden and stable: opposite the railroad depot
and near the Oakland Trotting Park; a good
chance for a live man: terms easy. Apply 11.
Iiiioi'K.LMA.NX, Golden Gate station, Alameda
County.
OUSE AND BUILDING LOTS ON INSTALL-
' ments equal to rent; close to Frultvale sta-
tion; 45 minutes to Ban Francisco; 13 minutes to
Broad -.vay, Oakland; street work all done; sewers,
gas and water In. Apply to Syndicate Investment
Company, EDWARD DICK, agent, Iruiivalu sta-
tion.
OAKLAND HOUSES TO LET.
(29K SIX MONTHS OR MORE; FURNISH^
<IPOtJ.ed modern 6-roora cottage; sunny cor-
ner: _ Dlocks to train. 1003 Fifth aye.. East Oak-
.-.d.
v_ OAKLAND ROOMS TO LET.
HANDSOME"^u3cNY^ROOMS (SUITABLE
to invalids), with or without good family
board; no children; near Adeline station; 3 car
lines; terms reasonable. J., box 5, Call Office,
Oakland.
OUSEKEEPING ROOMS, FURNISHED OR
unfurnished: reasonable to responsible parties.
1229 Broadway. Oakland. ■
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
•it or. R^NTTiriiuriTro^Msr^rr scuellZ
igiOO. HAAS'. 408 Eleventh st.. Oakland.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— I43S PARK STREET.
alameda REAL ESTATE.
LO()K-$350^KjR~LOTS^"ALF^T^LOCnC
from Fark st., Alameda, on installments; fine
location. H.B. PINNEY, 90. Troadway, Oakland.
<Bi 9000 4-ROOM COTTAGE ;!?50 CASH. $30
xjpXjVW. per month.
52300— 5-room cottage: $300 cash, $25 a month.
$2750— 5-room cottage; $.60 cash. $25 a m nth.
$3000—6 room house; $.00 cash, $25 a month.
$4000— 7-room house; $800 cash, $25 a month.
All modern houses, on improved streets, and
convenient to trains; have also a few magnificent
homes at reduced prices and on easy terms.
JOSEPH A.LEONARD COMPANY, 1364 Park
St., Alameda. "-; .
"VTEW COLONIAL HOUSE OF 7 LARGE
A> rooms, just completed, on Central aye., 1 block
west from Park st.; lot 56x140; rooms on lower
floor beautifully tinted and frescoed: pa- lor enam-
eled in old ivory, mantel white and gold; burl pan-
els in doors; plate glass throughout; beautiful
brick mantel In dining-room: plumbing all open
work, and nickel-plated cement basement; elec-
tric appliance. Call and see this house, as 1 am
sure it you wish to buy it will suit you. GEORGE
B. M. GRAY, 463 Ninth St., Oakland.
1 > IE CHANCE TO SECURE A HOME ON
1 x. eßsy terms; 4, 5, 6 and 7 room cottages and 2-
story dwellings on easy terms; from $2000 up;
$i5O cash: balance on easy monthly payments to
suit. Address A. R. DEN XX, real estate, archi-
tect and builder, 1503 seventh St., Alameda. ■
<g» 1 ("IO TO $250 DOWN, 525 MONTHLY; NEW
C' 1 Vf\J 5 and 6 room cottages with every modern
convenience: near station, sci 001, etc ; with large
lot: $2400 to $3000; si-nd for illustrated book of
Alameda, free. Alameda Land Company, 1500
Park st.. Alameda.
C '.HEAPEST AND BEST IN AMERICA— THE
\J WEEKLY CALL, sent to an/ address in the
United States or Canada one year for $1 50, post-
age tree.
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
GOOD HOMES FOR OR FOR SALfToN
ease terms. O. G. MA &CO.. real estate and
i building, 21.3 Center St., Berkeley.
tfl_ Inr LOT IN CENTRAL BERKELEY;
«£> I i '-*• 25x135; $5 cash, £5 monthly.
$400— Large lot In East Berkeley: 102x160;
cheap; and yet another, la fine corner, 50x1
only $350. JOSEPH J. MASON, Berkeley station.
OS. J. MASON", REAL ESTATE AND IN-
sumnce arent. Berkeley station.
BERKELEY KOOMS.
A TTRACTIVE KOO.ll S~*WITH
xx, board; first and second floors: singleoren suite;
private; central ; reasonable. 2324 Channl n way.
STORAGE.
npT'TITROONEYrT^^
A .reduced rates: basement storage, sl 50 perload
R. SMITH FURNITURE CO., 132 ELLIS;
• low rates: tire-proof building; Eastern plan.
TOR AGE OF FURNITURE, PIANOS, ETC.
R. F. OSBORN A CO.. 751 and 753 Market st.
PPLY FOR RATES FOR STORING FURNl-
ture, etc. SHIREK <£ SHIREK, 747 Market.
TORAOE OF FURNITURE, PIANOS, HOUSE-
hoId goods, eta J. M. PIERCE, 735 Market st.
ILSON . BROTHERS. 1710 MARKET-
Storage: low rates: telephone South 762.
LEGAL NOTICES.
S C ~TrY >^OUNTY ,^TTr^A^RYi SAN
VJ Francisco, March 21, 1836.— 1n compliance
with the provisions of section 5 of order 1598 of
the Board of Supervisors, approved September 15,
1880, there will be sold at public autlon by E. S.
Spear A Co., at their salesrooms, 31 and 33 Sutter
street, on MONDAY, April 20, 1896, at 10 o'clock
a. m., sundry articles of stolen, lost and unclaimed
property recovered by the police force of san
Francisco, as detailed In an Inventory thereof on
file in the office of the Clerk of the Board of Super-
visors, and consisting of jewelry, wearing apparel,
pistols, knives, etc. Open for Inspection on morn-
ing of sale. A. C. WIDBER,
City and County Treasurer.
IN THE SUPERIOR COURT OF THE STATE
A of California in and for the City and County of
San Francisco. Department No. 10.
In the matter of the application for voluntary
dissolution of "The San Ysidro Investment Com-
pany" (a corporation). Notice of hearing. No.
13,948.
Notice ls hereby given that The San Ysidro In-
vestment Company, a corporation Jormed under
the laws of the state of California, has presented
to the Superior Court of the State of California in
and for the City and County of San Francisco an
application praying to be dissolved, and that
MONDAY, the 20th day of April, 1896, at the
hour of 10 o'clock a. m. of that day, or as soon
| thereafter as counsel can be heard, and the court-
I room of Department No. 10 of said superior Court
j in and for the City and County of San Francisco, at
i the new City Hall, San Francisco, California, are
: appointed as the time and place at which said ap-
i plication will be heard.
In witness whereof 1 have hereunto set my hand
and affixed the seal of said Superior Court this
i 12th day of March, 1896. yi.
[Seal.l C. F. CURRY, County Clerk.
By WM. R. A. JOHNSON,
Deputy County Clerk and ex-oflicio Deputy Cleric
of the Superior Court.
DONALD Y. CAMPBELL, Attorney for Peti-
tioners. : - 7 -'-y ' , :
IN THE SUPERIOR COURT OF THE STATE
of California, in and for the City and County of
: San Francisco. Department No. 10.
In the matter of the applicat'on for voluntary
' dissolution or "The Dlnsmore Water Company"
! (a corporation). Notice of hearing. No. 13,949.
Notice is hereby given that The Dinsmore Water
Company, a corporation formed under the laws of
' the State of California, has presented to the Supe-
rior Court of the State of California In - and for the
' City and County of San Francisco an application
praying to be dissolved, and that MONDAY, the
; 20th day of April, 1896, at the hour of 10 o'clock
I a. m. of that day, or as soon thereafter as counsel
can be heard, and the courtroom of Department No.
] 10 of said Superior Court in and for the City and
I County of San Francisco, in the new Hall,
San Francisco, Cal., are appointed as the time
I and place at which said application will be heard.
In witness whereof I have hereunto set my hand
and affixed the seal of said Superior Court this
! 12th day of March, 1896.
I Seal, j C. F. CURRY, County Clerk.
By WM. R. A. JOHNSON.
i Deputy County Clerk and ex-officlo Deputy Clerk
of the superior Court.
. DONALD Y. CAMPBELL, Attorney for Peti-
i tioners; ■ _^
■ ■
EAIESI SHIPPING lM'ii„Lil.J'..VU.;,
Movements of :-a-i«- Atlantic Steamers.
ISLE OF WlGHT— Passed Apr 15-Stmr Penn
sylvanla, from Antwerp for Philadelphia. ' .'-'-•
LONDON— Sailed Apr 15— Stair Peunland, for
Philadelphia. ■
ROTTERDAM— SaiIed Apr 15— Stmr Maasdam,
for Mew York.
NAPLES— SaiIed Apr 15— Stmr Braunschweig,
for New York.
SOUTHAMPTON— SaiIed Apr 15-Stmr Trave,
for New York.
Arrived out Apr 15— stmr St Paul.
QUEENSTOWN-Arrlvel . out Apr 15-Stmr
Majestic.
LlZAßD— Passed Anr 16— Stmr ; Bonn, from
New York, for Bremen. :.
ISLE OF WlGHT— Passed Apr 15-Stmr Mani
toba, from New York, for London.
NEW YORK— Arrived Apr 16-Stmr Teutonic.
from Liverpool and Queenstown; stmr Havel, fm
Bremen and Southampton; stmr Stuttgart, from
Bremen.
J Sailed Apr 15— Stmr New York, for Southamp
ton: stmr Prussia, for Hamburg: stmr Prussian,
for Glasgow: stmr Friesland, for Antwery; stmr
Germanic, lor Liverpool.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were issued by
the County Clerk's office yesterday:
Emilie E. Maggio and Lillian E. Cnneo. 22—18.
John H. Lane and Mary L. Haves, 34—33.
Raffaelo Francesconland Arrnlda Poll, 29—25.
John W. McAlpln and Alice E. Blake, 32-22.
Cornelius M ahoney and Edna Atwater, 23—
Wll.iamF. Wise aud Emily C. Danehy, 30— 21.
Benjamin •'. Millard and Lucy A. (toetz. 27—20.
Louie Tate and Belle E. Edwards. 27— 24.
DIVORCE PROCEEDINGS.
Complaints filed:
William Jordan against Mary Jordan.
S. p. Preston against G. a. Preston.
John B. Peterson against Ida Peterson.
Blanche TomlnsKl against T. Tomlnskl.
Mary A. Field attains. John A. Field.
Mary A. Smith agai.st Wilbur C. Smith.
Divorce grant.' 1 1 --
Mary M. Favor from Charles F. Favor, for neg-
lect: by Judge Hunt.
BIRTHS— DEATHS.
- [Birth, 'marriage and death notices sent by mall
will not be Inserted. They must be handed In at
either of the publication offices and be indorse!
with the name and residence of persons authorized
to have the same published.]
BORN.
KINO— In this city, April 15. 1896, to the wife of
A. King, a daughter. '
KONRAD— In this city, March 30, 1896, tothe
wife of J. C. Konrad. a daughter. <- ■.■»
STEWART— In this city. April 14, 1896, tothe
wife of Rev. George D. B. Stewart, a son.
SULLIVAN— this city, April 13, 1896, to tho
wife or James Sullivan, a son.
TAYLOR— March 27. 1896, tothe wife of Joseph
M. Taylor, a daughter. - • • - -
MARRIED.
ARNOLD— ANTHONY— ApriI 14, IS9'5, at the
Church of tho Advent, William R. Arnold and
Carrie A. Anthony.
CHESNEY— In this city, April 15,
1596, by the Rev. Father Gibson, Andrew I hes-
ney and Tessie Farreli, both of San Francisco.
COHN— OSSOSKI— In this city, April 14. 1896,
by the Rev. M. S. Levy. Jacob I. Cohn of- Yer-
rington, Nev., and Hannah R. Ossoski of San
Francisco.
JACOBSON— KALIBKY— In this city, April 5,
1896. by the Rev. M. 8. Levy, Harry Jacobson
and Millie F. Kalisky, both oil San Francisco.
SORENSEN— BOEK— In Oakland, April 14,1806.
by the Rev. I. L. P. Dietrichson, Jesse . Soreaseu
and Annie Bock. i ". .. ■. .
WHITEMAN-LEVY'-In this city. April 14,
1896, by the Rev. Dr. Julius Fryer of Bush-
street Temple, Joseph I;. White man of New
Mexico and Sara Levy of San Francisco.
DIED.
Aegerter, John F. Fredrieksoa, Antone
Bell, Lucy A. B. Green, Rebecca
Blame, Mary Guerin, Mrs. O. C.
Blume, Kate Howard, Stephen A.
Boger. Emma Howes. John
Brown, Verne E. Hubbard. Mrs. Fannie
Buchholz. Tlu-o F. Lamar. William R.
Christensen, B. K. Little, Frank W.
Cutter. Mrs. Jane A. Lund. Peter •
De Bertrand, Teresa M. Minor, Josephine
Devine, Patrick Miramontez, Mrs. J. H.
Doian, Eleanor A. Murphy, Mary
Frednckson, Annie R. Reed, T. N.
; ;~ •-; • Tutzman, Elizabeth
AEGERTER-In Oakland, April 13, :iR96; John
Frederick Aegerter, a native of Switzerland,
aged 41 years and 3 months. ; ;
BELL— In this city, April 14, 1806, Lucy A. B.
Bell, a native of Massachusetts, aged 46 years,
BLAINE— this city. April 12. 1896, Mary
Blame, a native of Ireland, aged 27 years.
BOtiEß— April 15, 1896, Emma, beloved wife of
W. Boser, and mother of Eertha and Anita
Boger. a native of Germany, aged 36 years 1
month and 13 days.
BLUME— In the City and County Hospital, April
15, 1896, Kale Plume, aged 70 years.
BROWN— In this city. April 14, 1896. Verne E.,
E. only ana beloved child of James H. and Mol-
lie Brown, a native of San Francisco, aged 8
months and 29 days.
BUCHHOLZ— In this City, April 15, 1896. Theo.
Ferdinand, beloved husband of Antonia Buch-
holz, and father of Mathilde and Freddy Buch-
holz, a native of Burgdorf, Hanover, Germany,
aged 36 years 2 months aud 6 days.
CHRISTENSEN— In this city, April 14, 1896,
Elizabeth Kate Christensen (born Benson), wife
of Captain J. Christensen, a native of England,
a_f> : 30 years and 9 months.
a_j-Friends are respectfully invited to attend
the funeral services THIS DAY (Thursday), at
3:30 o'clock p. M., at the parlors of N. Gray A
Co., 641 Sacramento street. Interment I. O. O. F.
Cemetery.
CUTTER— In this city, April 14. 1896, Mrs. Jane
A. Cutter, a native of New York City.
JBf«"Friend3 are Invited to attend. the funeral
THIS DAY (Thursday), at 1 o'clock r. _..,
from the residence, -.111 Steiner street. Inter-
ment private.
DE BERTRAND— In this city. April 15, 1896,
Teresa Matheu de Bertrand, a native of Guate-
mala, a.ed 52 years.
j£S~Funeral services will be neld THIS DA V
(Thursday), ac 10 o'clock a.m.. at the Church
of Notre Dame dcs Victoires, Bush street, In-
termen; Holy Cross Cemetery.
DEVINE— In Valiejo, April 14, 1895. Patrick,
beloved brother of John and Thomas Devine,
a native of County Roscommon, Ireland, aged
32 years [New York papers please copy.]
jS3TFrlends and acquaintances are re^nect-
fully invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
i Friday), at 9 o'clock a. m.. from the par-
lors of McAvoy A Gallagher, 20 Fifth street,
thence to St. Paul's Church, Twenty-ninth street,
where a solemn requiem mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of his soul, commencing at
10 o'clock a. M. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
DOLAN— In this city, April 15, 1896, Eleanor A,
beloved daughter of Thomas and Winifred Dolan,
a native of san Francisco.
JSSTN'ouce of funeral hereafter.
FREDKICKSON — An anniversary requiem hiah
mass will be celebrated TO-MORROW (Friday),
at 9 o'clock a. m.. at st. Peter's Churcb, Twenty-
fourth and Alabama reels, for the repose of
the souls of the lata Annie R. and Anton-- Fred-
rickson, beloved parents of Mrs. A. Grazer. Mrs.
T. Downey and Henry an i George Fredrickson.
Friends and acquaintances are respectfully in-
vited to attend.
GREEN— In this city, April 15, 1896, Rebecca
Green, beloved sister of Mrs. Ellen Gallagher
and the late Richard Fowkes, a native of County
Cork, Ireland, aged 83 years.
fiS5-The funeral will take place TO-MORROW
(Friday), at It O'clock p.m.. from the residence
of ber sister, Mrs. Ellen Gallagher, 405 Gough
street, near Hayes. Interment private, I. O. O. V
Cemetery. ' ,
GUERIN— In this city, April 14, 1898, Mrs. G. C.
• . r.n. a native of Ohio, aged 32 years.
HOWES— In this City, April 13, 1896, John, be-
loved husband of Mar. ha Howes, a native of
Yarmouth. Mass.. aged 75 years and 7 months.
HOWARD— In this city. April 15. 1896, Stephen
A. Howard, v native of Missouri, bora June 12,
1831.
HUBBARD— In this City, April 14. 1896, Mrs.
Fannie Hubbard, a native of Virginia, aged 76
years. ' \*w
LAMAR— in this elrv, April 15. William R.
Lamar, son of Mrs. M. Camerden. and brother of
Mrs. C. C. Rupert and Mrs. E. G. Fevrler. a na-
tiveof California, aged 37 years 4 monthsand
11 days. :-■-'"."••.
LITTLE— In this city, April 14,1896. Frank W.,
beloved son of Kate B. and the late George H.
Little, a native of San Francisco, aged 12 years 4
months and 24 days.
gSTFrienda and acquaintances are respect-
full v invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Thursday), at 1:30 o'clock p. m., from the family
residence, 176S Howard street. Interment Ma-
sonic Cemetery.
LUND— In Mount Eden, April 14, 1895. Peter,
beloved son of 8. S. Lund and l>-!la N. Lund,
a native of California, aged 23 years 9 months
and 9 days. - <
£3~Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock p. m., from Haywards
Catholic Seminary.
MINOR— In San Mateo, April 15, 1396. Josephine,
infant daughter of Dr. J. F. and Isabella L.
Minor, a native of San Mateo, Cal., aged '8
days.
MIRAMONTEZ— Id this city, April 14, 1596,
Mrs. Jesus Hernandez, dearly beloved mother of
Clorinda Woods and Joe, M., Chris. Dolores and
Miguel Miramontez, a native of San Francisco,
aged 80 years 3 months and 17 days. [San Jose
papers please copy, )
jS3~The funeral will tako place THIS DAY
(Thursday), at 7 o'clock a. m., from her sou's
residence. 723 Montgomery avenue, thence to
Halfmoon Interment private.
MURPHY— In Oakland, April 14, 1896. Mary,
beloved wife of Michael Murphy, and mother of
Mrs. Joseph Cordano. a native of the parish of,
Ross. County Cork. Ireland, aged 64 years.
J6_T" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Thursday), at 8:30 o'clock a. m., from her late
residence. 654 Myrtle street, thence to the
Church of the Immaculate Conception, where a
solemn requiem mass will be celebrated for the
repose of her soul, commencing at 9 o'clock a. m.
Interment St. Mary's Cemetery, Oakland.
REED— In this city, April 15. 1896. T. N., beloved
husband of Emma Peed, and father of Eddie
Reed, a native of Indiana, aged 52 years and 10
i months.
j TUTZMAN— Elisabeth, wife of the late T. R.
i Tutzman, and mother of Robert, Theodre and
Emil Tutzman.
B5TThe funeral will take place TO-MORROW.
(Friday), at 11 o'clock a. m., from the residence
of Robert Tntzman, 1612 Oak street, Alameda.
Funeral arrives in San Francisco at 1:15 p. m.
mr ' UNITED UNDERTAKERS'
EMBALMING PARLORS.
Everything Requisite for First-class Funerals
at Reasonable Rates.
Telephone South 167. ' 27 and 29 Fifth st.
WIcAVOY & CALLACHER, I
FUNK DIRKCTORS & EMBALM
80 Fifth St., Opp. Lincoln School.
Telephone 3080.
i I — — I 9
Jas. McMsnomkyT™™ I™™"1 ™™" " Chas! McMev omey.l
JAMES McMENOMEY & SON.
UNDERTAKERS AND EMBALMERS,
1067 Mission Street. Near Seventh. I
Telephone No. 335*. __
o»— — — — go—— M—jiM- I— —^, mw— — — ■— — I
1516
A PRIMARY THAT
BROKE A RECORD.
This Time It Was the
Record of Honesty and
Freedom.
TWELVE THOUSAND VOTE
At the Regular Kepublican Elec
tion Yesterday Voters Had
Their Way.
CONTESTING TICKETS FAILED.
For Once the Best Elements of the
' Party Flocked Forth to Vote
at a Primary.
Nearly 12,000 Republican votes were
polled yesterday at what was unmistak
ably the cleanest primary ever held in San
Francisco.
The election of yesterday marks new
era in San Francisco Republican politics,
in that no preceding one has ever been so
free from the domination of corrupt bosses
or has so fairly, freely and honestly ex
pressed the wisnes of the voters.
There was another distinctive feature to
the primary of yesterday. It was the un
usual number of men belonging to the
solid business and professional elements
of society who came to the polls to vote.
Primaries of the past have often re
pelled these elements by the character of
the men who controlled them and the cer
tainty that a vote against the "inside"
was thrown away.
Yesterday in every district and especially
in the Western Addition men who never
touch practical politics except on a general
election day formed long lines at the poll
ing-places ana waited for the privilege of
exercising at the fountain of political
power and destiny the most important
privilege of citizenship.
These results followed naturally the en
forcement of the broad, wise and honor
able policy which has been declared by
John D. Spreekels, and in support of
which the county committeemen and all
the strong party influences have com
bined.
The primary of yesterday illustrates the
difference in results between the leader
ship of a man of strong chaiacter, moral
worth and executive ability, who has no
petty selfish ends to serve, and the leader
ship of scheming bosses, who manipulate
only that their selfish and corrupt ends
may be served.
The election passed peacefully, bringing
no disgrace to party or party powers.
Tbe interest was intense, but the ballots
rapidly dropped from 1 to 7 P.M. at the
thirty-six polling-places, unchecked by
rows or high-handed proceedings.. When
night fell there were no loua protestants
crying "frand."
There were contests in three or four dis
tricts, and in these districts the interest
was naturally much intensified, but in no
case did the contesting tickets develop
anywhere near the strength they were ex
pected to show. This result evinced how
fairly the various clubs and factions had
been recognized in the naming of delegates
on the regular tickets.
The tickets elected in all cases bore the
names of loyal supporters of the leader
ship of John D. Spreekels.
The delegates chosen yesterday number
122, the number to which San Francisco is
entitled. Of these 67 are from the Fourth
Congressional District and 55 from that
portion of San Francisco lying within the
Fifth District.
The delegation chosen yesterday is one
of exceptionally high character, and it
will fittingly represent the Republicans of
this city in the work of naming delegates
to the National Convention.
This delegation is the first one to go from
this City to a State Convention in many
years not as the creation of a boss and
created in a back room, but one named in
fact by the people of the districts.
Home rule in district politics is a new
thing, but John D. Spreekels has this year
succeeded in bestowing it. The delega
tion elected yesterday proceeds directly
and wholly from the people, and back of
it is massed more than ninety-nine one
hundredths of the local party.
The provision of two polling-places in
each district was found to have been a
necessary one to accommodate the vote
that became so heavy, not through
stuffing the ballot-boxes, bat through the
provision of a machinery which gave
every voter confidence that his vote would
be honestly counted.
The votes cast aggregate 11,927. The last
returns were received at Republican head
quarters at 11 o'clock last night.
The returns from the polling-places of
the Assembly districts in the Fourth Con
gressional District were canvassed by
County Committeemen John M. Chretien,
Forty-second Assembly District, chair
man; P. J. Walsh, Forty-third, secretary;
Albert Houston, Twenty-eighth; J. N.
Browning. Twenty-ninth; Charles Ber
liner, Thirtieth; Charles C. Clear, Thirty
first; K. W. Heilman, Thirty-second;
James Gately, Thirty-third ; A. A. Louder
back, Thirty-ninth; S. G. Bacigalupi, For
ty-fourth, and T. M. Chandler, Forty-fifth
Assembly districts.
The returns from the polling-places of
NEW TO-DAT.
FOR
PIMPLES
SS
It is so because it strikes at the cause o-
the Clogged, Irritated, Inflamed, Sluggish. Ol
Overworked FORE. " '
Sold throughout the world. Pottke Brco awd Cmu.
ic<l CoKroKATIOK. Sole Proprietor., Button ="
SO" " How to Pre-ent Pimple.," 64 p»_t», ill., free.
the Assembly districts in the Fifth Con
gressional District were canvassed by
County Committeemen Charles W. Man
waring (chairman), Thirty-sixth Assembly
District; John Jackson (secretary),Thirty
fourth District; J. 11. Thompson, Thirty
fifth; James Alva Watt, Thirty-seventh;
Grove Ayers, Thirty-eighth, Jesse E.
MarKs, Fortieth, and C. G. Clinch, Forty
first Assembly District.
The returns so canvassed are to be certi
fied to the Congressional committees of
the respective Congressional districts, and
thereon credentials to the State commit
tee will be issued to the delegates elected.
In the Twenty-eighth, Twenty-ninth,
Thirtieth, Thirty-first and Thirty-second
districts there were no contests and a
heavy vote was peacefully polled.
There were lively times at the two poll
ing-places of the Thirty-seventh Assembly
District, caused by the appearance of a
ticket in opposition to the regular one.
The second ticket was largely the creation
of Ned Donnelly, and was backed by quite
a large element in the district.
At polling-place No. 1, on Gough and
Fell streets, the fun started early in the
day by the appearance of a long line of
voters. Nearly every vote for a time was
challenged, which engendered much bad
blood. While peace was preserved by the
police at the polls, there were several
rough-and-tumble fights in saloons and
alleys near by.
The same condition of affairs prevailed
at polling-place No. 2, on Oak and Devisa
dero streets, but with less violence. About
3 o'clock, the opposition practically with
drew from the contest. One of the most
amusing incidents of the day occurred
early in the forenoon. The opposition
lined up a long string of voters together
and their ballets began to drop. After a
large number had voted the leaders made
the mortifying discovery that they had
been handed the tickets that they had
intended to defeat. This was a sad blow
to the opposition, as it caused them great
loss.
It was in this district that the voting of
the best elements of the party was
especially noticeable. At the noon hour,
ana especially at the close of business
hours, long lines of business men from
downtown were formed and kept up.
James Alva Watt, the county commit
teeman, had mailed 1000 ballots to voters
and a majority came with their ballots
ready to be dropped. The opposition
poiled but 132 votes.
In the Thirty-eighth Assembly District
there were two tickets in the field, the one
known as the opposition being championed
by S. I. Jacobs and Barney Fromberg.
Jacobs desired to be placed upon the regu
lar ticket, but failed to accomplish his end.
At first he resolved to run independent,
but this being impracticable he secured
the names of Dr. H. L. Curtis, Barney
Frombe.g, J. R. McLean, Peter Jordan
and A. McElroy. In addition to bis own
name he put on the names of E. H. Aigel
tinger and Gas Pohlman, who were on the
regular ticket. It was expected that From
berg, who is a gripman on a Hayes Valley
car line, would poll a large railroad vote,
and Jordan, who is a laborer, would draw
the workingmen's vote.
Jacobs worked hard at polling-place No.
1, at Gough and McAllister strests, all
day, but the regulars were tco strong. At
No. 2, at 1703 Eddy street, the opposi
tion practically gave up the light before 5
o'clock.
Contrary to expectations peace and har
mony reigned in the Thirty-ninth Assem
bly District. The polling-places presented
much the same orderly aspect as they
would upon a regular election day. There
was not even the faintest suggestion of a
contest at either place, but it was remarked
often during the afternoon that the voters
were mostly seen at a primary election for
the first time in San Francisco. Large
numbers of representative, respectable
men cast their ballots.
Voting continued without intermission
of more than a few minutes during the
afternoon. The vote was heavier at Hayes
and Polk streets, where the box was filled.
At the polling-place at 1019 Larkin street
many professional gentlemen dropped in
and cast ballots while inquiring about the
results in other places.
ln the Forty-second District there was
no contest, and yet remarkable interest
was manifested in the election. An ex
ceptionally large vote was cast. At 209
Ellis street, polling-place 1, the line ex
tended around the corner of Mason street
at 1 o'clock, and when the waiting crowd
had voted, business men from the neigh
borhood began to vote. They visited the
booth all day long and voted.
While the voters downtown hurried
away to their business, leaving but a few
loiterers at the polls, a different condition
prevailed at the other end of this district
at 1339 California street. There a large
number of Republicans met and spent the
time in discussing probabilities.
The primary election in the Forty-third
District was distinctively a business-like
matter. Just as soon as the polls opened
voting began, and a stream of voters
passed through the booths until night.
At 128 O'Farrell street a very large num
ber of voters gathered at 1 p. m., the hour
for dinner, and again after working hours
those who could not leave their business
before voted. The polling-place in Cali
fornia Hall, Bush and Powell streets, was
well patronized, and a heavy vote was cast
there.
The Forty-fourth Assembly District was
a surprise to the inhabitants thereof. It
is the usual order of things to have more
or less opposition to every ticket, but pre
vious to the call, County Committeeman
G. Bacigalupi and others made strong and
successful efforts to secure harmony, and
there was no opposition to the regular
ticket. A larger vote than usual was cast,
many going to the polls who heretofore
have taken but little interest in primary
elections.
The Forty-fifth showed no contest, but
instead of it a strong feeling against Super
visor King and Tom O'Brien, which in
creased the vote. County Committeeman
Chandler. William Bates and others con
ducted affairs.
The delegates elected and the vote by
both Assembly districts and polling dis
tricts are as follows :
FOURTH CONGRESSIONAL DISTRICT.
Twenty-eighth District-Polling district 1.
414; polling district 2, 366; total vote, 780
Delegates— James H. Daley, W. S. Russell
Henry D. Miller, Thomas J. Tully, Albert
Houston. ' "
Twenty-ninth District-Polling district 1
311; polling district 2, 245; total vote, 556.
is Delegates— F. Hageman, J. T. Cook, D. J
Crowley, E.J. Smith, J. McNamara.
Thirtieth District— Foiling district 1, 219
--polline district 2, 451; total vote. 070
Delegates-K. B. Griffith, C. F. Metzner, I. 8.
Cohen, J. Gilleran, H. Benjamin. F.. E. Wal
oThirty-first0 Thirty-first District-Polling district No. 1.
273; .polling district No. 2, 256; total vote
o-J. '
Delegates— William Smadeke, J. F. McGivnn
D. K. McMuilen, J. F. Goodwin p. Doian '
-. Thirty-second District-Polling district No.
1, .110; polling district No. 2, 396; total vote
oO(>. '
t Delegates-Thomas O. Duff, John Hellman,
John A. Buck. Zach T. Whitten.
Thirty-third District-Polling district No. 1,
329; polling district No. 2, 410; total vote
739. '
Delegates— J. C. Welch, J. A. C. Dierks J E
Koster, Louis Holden, Thomas Kendricks'
Charles Brown. ' -y; . . '
The opposition delegates in this district
were as follows: W. \V. Magary. T. R
McLeod, Egbert J. Martin, N. J. Rogers
George W. Pennington. R. Pengelly.
Thirty-ninth District— Polling district 1
452; polling district 2, 237; total vote, 689!
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, APRIL 16, 1896.
Delegates— Con O'Connor, John Tuttle, Mar
tin Stevens, Hugh Fraser, George Cawley, W.
J. Herrin, H. Burdell, Sol Miller, H. W. Fairall.
Forty-second District— Polling district 1,
376; polling district 2, 254; total vote, 630.
Delegates— F. S. Chadbourne, Harry N. Gray,
John M. Chretien, Thomas D. Riordan, O. L.
Swett, H. A. Kuchmeister, Dr. G. I. Drucker,
Milton D. Garratt.
Forty-third District— district 1, 217;
polling district 2, 321; total vote, 538.
Delegates— J. A. Cunningham, A. W. Martin,
John Lackman, M. J. Flynn, Fred Lundquist,
Charles Sonntag, David Connors.
Forty-fourth District— district No. 1,
398; polling district No. 2.355; total vote.
753.
Delegates— C. Palmieri, George Waterman,
John J. G'.eason, D. W. Wessenberg, R. L. Clark,
G. Bacigalupi. °'
Forty-fifth District— Polling district No. 1,
294; polling district No. 2,286; total vote.
Delegates— Thomas F. Duffv, William D.
\vood, William Lennox, James Car., Emil Bor
zone.
FIFTH CONGRESSIONAL DISTRICT.
Thirty-fourth District— Polling district No.l,
364; polling district No. 2, 397; total vote,
761.
Delegates— J. K. C. Hobbs, S. L. Lent, Cord H.
etjen, George W. Elder, E. B. Smith, Harry
Beasley. E. W. Eustice. Henry Buttner.
Thlrty-fifth| District— Polling district No.l,
204; polling district No. 2, 285; total vote,
Delegates— John D. Spreekels, John D. Daly,
D. I. Kewkirk, C. M. Depew, D. F. Mulville, E.
N. Torrello.
Thirty-sixth District— Polling district 1, 275;
polling district 2, 314; total vote, 589.
Delegates— 11. Chapman, W. S. TharßOOd,
H. Smith, W. Linden, J. McCarthy, Charles
Lempe, A. E. Holmes.
_ Thirty-seventh District-Polling district 1,
1 69 ; polling district 2, 444; total vote, 1213.
Delegates— C. O. Burton, G. A. Wentworth,
John H. Hegler,- John H. Gray, A. J. Raisch,
James Alva Wait, Fred Eggers, John Gallagher.
The opposition delegates in this dis
trict were: P. B. Cornwall, Dr. R. J.O'Con
nell, E. L. Cook. J. E. Field, Dr. F. W.
Waldheimer, S. S. Morton, W. G. Long.
The received 137 votes in both sub-districts.
Thirly-eiKhth District— Polling district 1,
345: polling district 2, 265; total vote. 610.
Delegates— John L. Koster, W. S. Ray, An
drew McElrov, E. P. Barrett, Gustave Pohl
man, E. li. Aigeltinger, Richard O'Donnell, W.
A. H aisled. .
Fortieth District— Polling district 1, 569;
polling district 2, 442; total vote, 1011.
Delegates— Max Brooks, William Wilkinson,
W. D. Cole,- B. D.Pike, John C. Nobmann, H.
W. Miller, Bert F. Miller, John B. Carson.
Thomas Eager.
The opposition delegates in this district
received 76 votes. They were: A. A.
Brown, C. B. Sessions, James Spanton, H.
A. Callender, Cornelius Holmes, S. C. Irv
ing, M. A. Lee, Archie MacKillop, R. L.
Thomas.
Forty-first District— Polling district No. 1,
104; polling district No. '_, 274; total vote,
438.
Delegates— O. D. Baldwin, Wallace Bradford,
J. D. Boyer, I. F. Kyad, Edward Fox, Charles
Wilkinson, George T. Phelps, R. A. Grier and
Charles Burdett.
In the Thirty-third Disrrict the opposi
tion to the regular ticket received 44 votes,
and in the Thirty-eighth 53 votes.
ST. PAUL IN THE GLASS.
Two Magnificent Windows for
the Chancel of St. Mary's
Church.
The Most Elaborate and Artistic Ef.
fort Ever Made Here—Beauti
fying the Interior.
The Paulist Fathers have begun the reno
vation of St. Mary's Church on California
street, and expect to so completely trans
form the external appearance of the old
building that it will be an ornament to the
City.
For the last two or three days a force of
men have been at work on the two large
chancel windows. The old plain glass
windows hav<s been removed and frames
adapted to stained-glass lights placed in
the open spaces. Already a magnificent
window, presenting a historical picture, is
being erected on the Dupon t-street side of
the chancel, and it is hoped that both the
new windows will be in place by Sunday
next.
These windows are said to have the larg
est single stretches or stained glass with
figures ever made in San Francisco. The
subjects represent on one side the conver
sion of St. Paul on the road to Damascus,
and across the chancel St. Paul preaching
in Athens. In the tirst window the cele
brated painting by Rubens has furnished
the motive, while tor the latter the equally
well-known masterpiece of Raphael has
been chosen. While the grouping and at
titudes of the principal figures have been
carefully preserved the landscape and
other accessories have been freely treated
to conform with the requirements of
stained-glass art.
Tne windows each measure eight feet
across by twenty feet in heigut. They are
divided into three compartments by nar
row mullions. Each center compartment
measures four feet four inches in width in
the glass— much beyond the usual width
of stained-glass windows. The work has
all the appearance of having been executed
in the best style of modern stained-glass
art. It certainly is a long stride forward
for California, for nothing like it was ever
before attempted here. In the older win
dows of tbe European cathedrals color ef
fects alone were regarded, while at present
the drawing and design are as carefully
studied as in an oil painting. Such care
has been bestowed on the two windows for
the chancel of St. Mary's. The whole
work has been executed in San Francisco,
in the works of John Mallon, by a resident
artist trained in the schools of France, and
been produced under the supervision of
Bryan J. Clinch.
In the picture of St. Paul preaching the
background has been changed from an
Italian .village to the Acropolis of
Athens, the classic outlines of which
harmonize, well with the group of
life - size figures in front. St. Paul
stands erect, with one hand raised, and
around him are gathered the Athenians,
whose expressions and postures are elo
quent of attentiveness, mingled, perhaps,
with curiosity, while something approach
ing awe, or at least a gleam of realization,"
is depicted on more than one of those up
turned, eager countenances.
The Paulist Fathers purpose at an early
date to fill all the windows of their church
with stained glass presenting subjects of
equal merit. These subjects will be drawn
from the missionary history of the Catho
lic church, and one will be used for each
window. At present the subjects selected
are: St. Patrick preaching at Tara, the
seats of the Irish Kings; St. Boniface
preaching to the pagans in Germany, St.
Louis Bertrand as a missionary among the
Indians of North America. St. Francis
Xavier in HinOoostan, St. Augustine, the
illustrious Bishop of Hippo, St. Francis de
Assisi. Other subjects of a similar char
acter will be represented in the remaining
windows, but they have not yet been fully
determined. y~;yyyy
The Paulists are also preparing for the
renovation of the exterior of their church.
All the weather-worn, decayed stone work
will be replaced with galvanized iron, and
the cleaning and painting process will be
extended to the brickwork. This will prac
tically make the time-worn edifice a new
and handsome church building.
The Fastest Boat Yet.
The Desperate, torpedo-boat destroyer,
designed and built by J. Thornycroft &
Co., ran a preliminary trial on March 17,
obtaining a mean speed on four runs on
the measured mile of 31.035 knots, or 35%
statute miles/ The speed was taken by
British Admiralty officials, and is the
highest on record. The Desperate is the
first of the new class of thirlv-knot de
stroyers that has been tried.— "New York
Sun. " '. '■.■"""». ,*• i r
Next to a singing bird there is no little
thing in animate nature so companionable
to human beings a3 a growing plant.
Ladies' Southern ties, $1 45, all shades, every
toe. Ryan •_ Ryan, 10 Mongomery avenue, *
BLUSHING BESIDE
MARTIN AND JERRY
Kelly • Mahoney Delegates
. Shamed by the Farce
and Fraud.
RESIGNATIONS LIKELY.
Few Reputable Republicans
Want to Be Tools for Two
Corrupt Bosslets.
LOCAL POWER IS THE GOAL.
The Contest in the Fourth Is the
Effort of Kelly and Mahoney
to Break In.
Kelly and Mahoney's own Congressional
committee of the Fourth District has
before it a job not provided for in the
election call it issued.
It will have to make appointments to
fill several vacancies in its delegation to
Sacramento before convention day, accord
ing to indications that began to appear
yesterday.
There are among the men who were put
on the ticket by Martin and Jerry many
reputable Republicans, who are now
blushing to see their names paraded as
tools of two disreputable tricksters whose
record is so completely infamous. They
wince, too, at the programme of going to
Sacramento as creatures of the most stu
pendous primary fraud ever perpetrated
in any city.
Knowing that not more than 300 legiti
mate votes were cast for them at the rump
primary on Tuesday, they do not proudly
stand forth as representatives of the Re
publican party in its highest work and
hold up to view the seven thousand and
more votes with which the returns were
openly stuffed. Three hundred legitimate
votes and 7000 voted by Martin Kelly and
Jerry Mahoney do not afford the. sort of
credentials that some of these self-respect
ing gentlemen are ready to take and play
that the two politicians who have most
disgraced the party in recent years may
accomplish their own ends. Kelly and
Mahoney raw do not stay on many Re
publican stomachs just now.
The fact that the whole movement was
born in fraud and was given its start by
two forged proxies in the hands of Kelly
and Mahoney is another thing that lessens
the pride with which some of these men
view their position.
Then Kelly and Mahoney placed on I
their ticket several names without consult
ing the men who bore them. One of these,
Dr. J. E. Artigues of the Forty-fourth
District, discovered this use of his name
after the ballots were printed and ordered
his name scratched from the ticket, which
was done on election day.
Republicans yesterday were generally
too much interested in the regular primary
to bestow much thought on the farcical
one of the day before, but comments were
usually accompanied by a laugh and the
opinion that the amazing extent of the
stuffing and the boss-ship of Martin Kelly
and J. 11. Mahoney would relieve the con
testing delegation from being taken very
seriously at Sacramento.
The most interesting fact connected with
the Kelly-Mahoney primary is the one
that the world's election-stuffing record
was broken. In Mahoney's (Forty -second)
district the sixty votes tallied by the aid
of a few repeaters were openly increased
when the noils closed to over GOO, and by
the same simple process of chucking in
enough ballots to make the box look full,
and tallying the desired number of votes
in all the eleven districts, the 7000 was
easily proclaimed.
The delegation with which it proposed
to go to Sacramento and institute a con
test in the Fourth District is wholly the
creation of Kelly ana Mahoney, and this
fact will not be forgotten. Neither will it
be forgotten that the entire motive of
these worthies is to get hold of something
in municipal and legislative politics which
they can use, and their use of politics is of
one weir known sort. Martin Kelly is
now out in the political cold. He has no
patronage to dispense, no officials to tax,
no Supervisors to sell and nothing to
swap with. He is on short grass, being
financially "busted."
Now Kelly is playing about the skirts of
the party trying to get recognized. Even
partial success in the State Convention
would give him prestige, political cred
itors and other sources of strength by
which he would try to get a hold on the
local political machine.
Senator Mahoney likewise makes poli
tics his business, and like Kelly he wants
something to do business with.
Martin Kelly, forlorn but ambitious,
busied himself about *'ie meeting of the
State Central Committee a few weeks ago
in partnership with Mahoney, who was a
member of the committee. On the night
of that day a meeting of the State Central
Committeemen of the Fourth District was
called by Mahoney and Kelly for an hour
or two after the call was sent out. at about
8 p. m. Kelly and Mahoney had their wires
and plans all laid and a Congressional
committee fixed up by Kelly and Mahoney
was nominated by Mahoney.
This committee was appointed, accord
ing to the record, by five of the eleven
committeemen. This was a minority;
but three ot the five votes were proxies,
and two of these, secured and handed to
Mahoney by Kelly, were afterward found
to be forged. Affidavits to this effect were
made by Gustave Melsing and John Mar
tin, whose names were used.
,By this fraud, perpetrated amid the
trickery of a meeting hastily called at
night, the Kelly-Mahoney Congressional
committee which conducted the primary
of Tuesday was created.
Three or four days later a majority of
the State Central Committeemen met and
appointed the regular Congressional com
mittee which delegated to -the County
Committee the conduct of the primary of
yesterday.
The fraudulent committee has been
wholly dominated by Kelly and Mahoney,
and the delegates were named by them.
There has not been even a pretense that
the delegates named represented anybody,
any element or anything, * -.**
The primary and all the machinery at
tending it was wholly a farce and the dele
gation has been as truly appointed oy
Kelly and Mahoney as though the dele
gEW _ .^^^-, -~~~~
gHfIH HfWfWf W^WI HUH WIHI IHHf Wf WfWWHIf WfHI Hf Hf Iff Hf Wf Wf WPWf Wf Wfllfflf Wf WI HI IHHIHf^
I -i %
1 ra£^^;SSl 937, 939, 941, 943, 945 MARKET. I
l| l pHD^a»cß^ I NEW WASH GOODS. |
i£- /■'TV ,CCA'RBl'^' 1 OUR COUNTERS A-BLOSSOM WITH MIDSUMMER LOVE- :
fc / \/k^ j|o^» ; '" > QlMt S"" \ LINESS. HUNDREDS OF UNIQUE DESIGNS IN DIMITIES,
fc- Uw^^L i-n VftUR  h o percales, lawns, Swisses and other charming __•
IF \\F /£\/£H UV . .KlfNO^ "THIN-NESS-ES." =^
I y M^r^trfa 1
ST: / (c\\y\K^ ".HC r. VAtW^, 1 HEAVY PERCALES, the kind for serviceable 1 91 rt __J
_£_ < />?>' »-. PftVC^^LJ-^- ' shirt waists, 36 inches wide, tasty patterns JL^C __*
gr / uE___3Li--^---^ ' " and natty colors, the 15c grade. Price Yard
' ' NEW DIMITIES— Another batch of these
S_ NTHrX")./ r\I~>E?CC f»/~\/"\r*_C beautiful new dimities have just arrived; y*£
«£= . lyCtW IJwCCsaJ^ Kj\J\jLJ^a white serpentine cord running lengthwise of tKn 3
«fc— ... - the piece; dainty colors for summer wear. IDC _ZS
•-_ ALL DAINTILY AND CHARMINOLY NEW. SILK AND SILKY p i c _ Yll ,J
JT- MOHAIR AND WOOL FORM A HOLY ALLIANCE TO MAKE xam "~2
THE WORLD OF DRESS GOODS SWEETER AND MORE AT- -~m
gZ TRACTIVE THAN EVER. __2
, t^- NEW ZEPHYR PLAIDS, beautiful fine text- =5.
fc FANCY FRENCH ETTAMINE SUITS, in %& AA gg T.ikTkl' ; W ? 7 n '; n f c a h d e e 3 : wTd^t o"lS lOC 3
fc swell colorings. Designs are exclusive and fS)AO.\J\J ice 12 i/ c# This season - s price ' V . —
■■__ no duplicates. Price Suit • ioru —•
I fc: FANCY FRENCH BOURETTE SUITING, in
i w^^^Se'^de^-iSi^l'i,^ $1.50 NEW TRIMMINGS. 1
«»— -^
SH -,-,'- FANCY STRIPES, fine textures in linen effects. New style "^
FRENCH VIGOUROUX TWILLS, in two- ©1 p;A self-colored stripes in many patterns-this season's Innovation- =5
£= „rf«tl^ «' 48 M CheS T de - E^ SpeClally • V.}^" lat popular prices. 12 1_ c. l s c and 20c a yard.
; S^_ adapted for fine tailor costumes. Price Yard .-..-■*. — •
' £ SILK AND WOOL FRENCH NOVELTY, in ©-J 9£ I RHINESTONES— setting known to the Jeweler's
jp; ettamine effects and new colorings, 44 tj)l.— j art, in beautiful Breastpins, Hatpins and Buckles. -^
i gfc— inches wide. Price Yard New ideas at new prices. ' _3
"^ BLACK BOUCLE SUITING, a new line, 45 ©1 A A ! NEW BUTTONS-The very latest^ ads, including laree 2
, g^. inches wide, in browns, ereens, blues, car- «p±.Vl/ pearls, jets, steel, jewel and horn buttons Beautiful 335
HZ- dinals, etc. Price Yard designs at popular prices.
xaZZ FANCY CHEVIOT, in silk and wool, a new 7K/» HAT CROWNS, in gilt, tinsel and spangle (_» . C.*' 12
Si- line. 40 incnes wide, good heavy grade, I OiJ Persian effects. Price \_ ' tbl.^O '-"•
fc stylish effects. Price Yard ■ Au^.H., Each -*•
I SOME SPRING SPECIALS! 1
IBP— _^^
SZ BOYS' HOSIERY, knit all in one AUTHOR CALENDARS, the 2sc kind, ' ZEPHYR GINGHAMS 5 mv . i„ f 3
fc piece, seamless, made from a heavy beautiful designs, with quotations. arrived, all new* serine- cnlnriV __2
fc black cotton yarn, for a hardy Special to close out. Price c- and styles- reeular 3
boy's rough wear, sizes 6 to|- c each OC Special price per yard Ag J?
fc 10, they are like 25c pieces, *O^ p^perjara QC 3
fc f0r.....'... Pair vw _^»
£= LADIES' WHITE LAWN APRONS, LONSDALE MUSLIN *> -«,._. +- k 3
fc BONE BUTTONS,. mixed dark col- full size, with fancy stripe bottom sold the s and d 'grade nwallj =
I SSJr^^^^ 5c .i d ee. d eep .. he -:... s^ a ! 125 c iSa^S^^ 71c 3
giiUUi^^^
gates were named in letters from the
Senator.
" It is this stupendous fraud blown up b$
7000 fictitious votes, that it may look
bigger from afar, that is to provide the
"contest" in the Fourth District at Sac
ramento.
WILDERMAN REPLIES.
He Sends a Communication From Ne
vada City Explaining His Re
'.'JX.'.-'."■ cent Operations.
G.W. Wilderman and P. J. Ayhens, first
and second vice-presidents, respectively,
of the World's Christian Co-operative So
ciety, make the following joint-written
statement, from Nevada City, Cal., relative
to an article which appeared in . The Call
of April 12, tinder the beading "G. \V.
Wilderman's Deal" :
. G. W. Wilderman came to Nevada City Feb
ruary 6 to expert a mining claim purporting
to be owned by John and J. K. Tilton of San
Francisco. On arriving at Nevada City G. W.
Wilderman called at the County Kecorder's
otlice and learned that both properties had
been sold for the taxes and bought in by the
State. • y. ■
Upon further investigation they learned of a
mine superintendent, who had superintended
the last work done on the mine seven years
since, that both properties were forfeited to the
United States Government and were open to
location.
Consequently G. W. Wilderman went out
with two other men as witnesses and located
both claims for said World's Christian Co
operative Society and sampled the ore of the
same. He made nine tests of the ore ana failed
to find a color of gold.
Wilderman also contracted a deed in
escrow for a valuable gravel mine near Ne
vada City; consideration, $12,000. Paid
$000 on same in stock of the corporation, the
balance of the payment to be made from 10
per cent of the gross earnings of the output of
the gravel mine. The deed of escrow was
placed in the Nevada City Bank. Wilderman,
Knowing the present directors were wholly
insolvent and inexperienced in mining, and
three of the directois being women, and the
directors having already voted and advertised
to move the general otlice of the corporation to
Nevada City, on March 30, requested five of
their number in San Francisco to resign and
elect five competent and experienced men in
Nevada City in their stead. This they refused
to do. Consequently G. W. Wildsman tendered
his resignation as president, and director and
organized a corporation of Nevada City and
Grass Valley miners and mining superintend
ents, styled "The Peoples' Co-operative Invest
ment Company."
We claim no property with the aforesaid
corporation here, for we have no connection
with it in name or property: and as to tile
deed here in escrow the owners want it re
turned to them or complied with.
if the Sat, Francisco corporation would only
attend to its legal business and had any
money to do so it would be much better for
them. They are only making a laughing-stock
of said corporation.
Vice-President P. J. Ayhens came up to Ne
vada City, paying his own expenses, to inves
tigate on the same, line as they propose to
have Attorney Collier do. He found every
thing honest and legitimate so far as President
Wilderman whs concerned.
The statement as to Tilton representing the
Cleveland mine as being worth $3,000,000 is
a wild assertion. The property has been the
laughing-stock of tliis county for seven years.
What Ii Depended On,
One day Tom Logan, an Oregon lawyer
and an inveterate wag, was arguing a case
before Chief Justice Greene of the Supreme
Court of what was then the Territory of
Washington, says the Northwest Maga
zine. Opposed to hitn was a backwoods
lawyer named Browne. Logan continu
ally referred to the counsel on the other
side as if his name were spelled "Browny,"
to the evident annoyance of that gentle
man. At last the Judge interfered, re
marking:: y".^.y ' . ""
"Mr. Logan, this gentleman's name is
spelled B-r-o-w-n-e, and is , pronounced
Browne, not Browny. Now, my name is
spelled G-r-e-e-n-e, but you would not pro
nounce it Greeny, would you?"
"That," replied Logan, gravely, but
with a merry twinkle in his eye, "depends
entirely, on how your Honor decides this
case." ;, -..' -jyj'j-y
; Nearly 20,000 horses— aged, infirm, weak
from overwork, starving and fatigued
said to be fed to leeches annually at Bor
deaux. . : ■. ■ ■!■ yv;-yy.;i ■'
LOTTERY BOND SWINDLE
One Million Dollars Extorted
From the People of This
Coast.
The Business so Manipulated That the
Victims Can Have No Re
course to Law.
One million dollars' worth of foreign I
bonds at a low estimate are held by the ]
small storekeepers, working girls, clerks j
in stores and others of limited means on
this coast through the false attractions of
a lottery attachment, which is made a
prominent feature in consummating their
sale.
Every bond sold by the agents of these <
firms, several of whom have their head- 1
quarters in this City, returns a net profit |
of 300 per cent, though the purchaser is |
given the impression that he is paying no
more than the face or market value of the j
same. The bonds handled are usually i
those having their money value expressed j
in francs and florins, and the victims are
people who have no knowledge of the 1
monetary difference between the florin j
and franc of Europe and the dollar of this j
Europe.
These bond 3 are sold in groups of four or !
five, comprising as many different securi- j
ties, and the purchaser, in order to induce
him to fall a readier victim, is permitted
to pay for them on the installment plan,
the amount paid each month ranging !
from $2 50 to $20. according to the aggre
gate amount of the purchase.
The bonds are the legal issues of cer
tain Governments of Europe, who find it
necessary to resort to this questionable
means of lottery bonds to raise money
enough to meet the emergencies of the
present, and the payment of them is de
termined by a monthly drawing. The
bonds drawn each month are at once paid
off, the holder receiving their face value,
and perhaps an additional sum as a prize,
the later feature having been incorporated
by the respective Governments in order to
bring about the sale Of the securities, as
these seldom bear interest, or if they do
the interest rate is a very low one, and the
interest-paying bonds offer less attraction
in the shape of prizes.
Groups of these bonds are sold for
amounts ranging from $50 to $1000. A
sample group that is quite commonly sold
in this City is made up as follows: A Ser
vian bond, with a face value of 100 francs,
whose actual market value on the Vienna
Exchange is 34 florins; an Austrian red
cross bond, with a face value of 10 florins
and a market value of 18 florins and 65
kreuzer; a Holland white cross, face value
2 florins and market value 5 florins; an j
Italian red cross, face value 10 lire and
market value 11 florins 50 kreuzer; a Ser
vian bond of 1888, face value 10 francs and
market value 4 floring 25 kreuzer.
These have a total face value of $28 80,
figuring the florin at 40 cents and the franc
and lire each at 20 cents, a liberal allowance
in each case. On the same basis the market
value of these five bonds is $29 36. This
group is Bold for $115. on installments of
$5 a month, thus netting the agents $85 64,
or nearly 300 per cent profit.
In order to effect the sale a plausible
story is usually told to the effect that the
drawing for the bonds sold is soon to take
place and that the holder is almost certain
to win a prize. But the waiting to some
stretches away into the weary months,
and when they are in a discouraged mood
over what they believe to be their bad luck
they are approached by a new emissary of
the bond-dealer and in most cases are
induced to exchange their bonds for secu
rities which are represented to be more
desirable, either by reason of more fre
quent or larger drawings, or by having
larger prize attachments, the victims, of
course, paying an additional sum for the
[ new bonds, and this process is carried on
until they are drained dry or realize that
I they are being swindled.
1 Here is an instance that occurred in this
1 City, the victim only awaking to her mis
fortune when she attempted to reconvert
her holdings into cash. About four years
ago a young lady typewriter purchased a
$00 group of bonds. These &he was subse
| quently induced to exchange for a $"00
I 0UP ' P ay , in of coarse - the difference,
I lhen she became the possessor of a $500
group. The actual cash value of her hold
ing to-day is about $100. Recently she was
in need of a sum of ready money and at
tempted to negotiate her bonds with the
agent who had sold them to her. The best
she could do was to obtain the offer of a
1 loan of $70 on them. Herealter her sav
ings she says, if put into bonds, will buy
Uncle Sam 3, even if they bear only 3 per
j cent, and are devoid of lottery attractions.
Another imposition on the unwary is
worked through the club certificate scheme.
Ten or twenty persons are induced to
purchase jointly as many groups of bonds
as there are members in the club, a certifi
cate being given to each to the effect that
; he is entitled to a one-tenth or one-twen
« tieth interest, as the case may be, in the
I entire number of bonds. It is represented
that the chances of winning a big prize is
I thus increased for all interested, and for
I this advantage an additional premium is
: placed on the bonds.
In fact, however, the chances are no
| greater in proportion than if each had pur
chased his group separately. Then any
I member of the club may withdraw hi« in-
I terest from the club by paving up the full
; amount of his share of tne joint holdings
j and thus deprive the other members of
■ tne club from any participation in what
he may chance to win.
i Not an infrequent resort of these pitiless
imposters is to induce the bondholder to
exchange his securities, which still repre
sent some modicum of value, for a lot that
! is almost without any.
NEW TO-DAT.'
"TwolrfsT
1 Roll Best Batter „ 5c
5 Can* Fine Sugar Corn .!***___
5 Cans Best Wax Beans .'."."..V.1"."*." ">_ 0
3 Cans Best Sugar Peas •....." ....".".".".... •]:>,•
6 lbs Best BlacK Figs ."".7.*.*** "" „.
4 lbs Best White Figs *.".*."."*.".". ****>r 0
5 lbs Fine Large Prunes .7.77.7 25c
3 lbs Fine Dried Apricots ""**!!*"* 25c
6 lbs Best Canary Seed !**.'!."'."" "_">«
7 lbs Best Sago or Tapioca .777. " 25-
-10 -Ib Sack Patent Out 0atmea1..".".".*.*."." "*»5 C
10-lb Sack Eastern Roiled 0at5......'*.V."*.*".'""""_5-
High-grade Teas ....'...".!"."**!*_ pe r lb
In 5-lb packages, $2.
ROBINSON & KNOX,
1928 and 1930 Market St.
7 and 9 Rose Avenue,
900-906 Valentin St., Corner 20th.
PATROMZE HOME
BUY DIRECT FROM THE
MANUFACTURER.
REFINED BAB IKON. *, m X% .
ANGLE IKON * i« 2"?
BAM) IRON '.'.'..'..'. 200 '.
Round Edge Tire Steel...".!!'."" -'in a _
i°° 2.50 «•
Plow «« 2.25 ««
German Hammered " ... ' ."JTI ._
!',' , . " 4.00 .?•
Machinery «« « 01) „
s l' rI "B " ......... 2.50 «
CoM Rolled •• 3 .35 „
Finished Shafting 325 , 4
Terms:— Cash. F. 0. B. Cars or' Steamer.
JUDSON M'F'G. GO.
I SAN FRANCISCO.