VOLUME LXXIX.— NO. 88.
GOEBEL EXPOSES
THEIR FRAUDS.
Boldly Denounces Methods
of Huntington and His
Associates.
MUST PASS THE BILL.
California People Pillaged and
Plundered in the Name of
Kentucky.
RINGING APPEAL FOR JUSTICE.
Legislators Should Undo the Wrong
Done in Granting the Southern
Pacific Charter.
FRANKFORT, Ky., Feb. 25.— Senator
Goebela bill to repeal the charter of the
> outhern Pacific Railroad Company came
up as a special order in the Senate this
afternoon and was debated at length, the
discussion being cut off by the hour of
a'.journment. The great interest which
is taken here in the subject of the repeal
was indicated by the presence of a large
ero*d in the Senate lobbies. The Senate
reconvened at 3 o'clock.
Senator Goebel. the author of the bill,
opened the debate in a speech of three
quarters ol an houT, during which he was
given the closest attention. Senator.' Hays
of Louisville, who is interested with Hunt
ington in one of his roads, followed, speak
ing against the repeal, and Senator "Weis
s-inger of Louisville, also speaking on
that side, had the floor when the Senate
adjourned.
Senator Goebel in advocacy of the bill
made what was generally pronounced one
«>f the clearest and most forcible argu
ments heard in the Senate "in recent years.
His exposition of Huniingtou and his
methods were alike scalding and brilliant.
He reviewed the history of the organiza
tion of the roaa, the duping; of the Gov
erume'nt by him, and how Huntington,
Stanford and Hopkins under corporate
disguise contracted with themselves in
constructing the road.
He then detailed how they had prac
ticed a fraud upon the people in Kentucky
by coming here and securing the charter
through the influence of some of their
friends in this State. He asked if the
Honai'trs were wiJliu* to see California
people pillaged and Dlundered in the name
of Kentucky, as the road was doing, and
made an earnest appeal in the name of
right, honor and justice to Tote for his
bill.
When Senator Goebel had concluded
Senator Hays took the floor and read his
f }>eech, which was made up largely of ex
tracts from newspaper editorials defend
ing the Southern Pacific. He read the
card of Harrington published in the
Capital, in which Huntington was pic
tured as a benefactor; also other cards and
extracts against the bill, and displayed
the matter that has been sent in favor of
the passage of the bill, including the
valentine which created considerable mer
riment among the galleries and the unac
quainted.
He asserted boldly that he was a di
rector in one of Huntington's roads.which
fact was noted and will probably be
brought Tip at the proper time, and pre
vent his voting on the bill, when it comes
to a ballot, on the constitutional prohibi
tion of a personal interest. There was no
question raised, but a quiet smile played
over the face of Senator Goebel and friends
of the measure as Senator Hays thus re
vealed his connection with the road. He
declared that no money had been used by
Huntington and the Southern Pacific peo
ple, and claimed that the repeal bill was
the result of spitework emanating from
Mayor Sutro, who he declared was a
sycophant and slanderer. Its passage, he
said, not only imperiled one hundred and
seventy millions of stock in the Southern
Pacific, but also railroad securities all
over the country. Huntington was held
up as almost an angel and the greatest
benefactor of the age.
Senator Weissinger's address was of a
much more dignified character and was
devoted solely to the legal phases of the
bill and the probable legal effect the re
peal would have. The bill will be taken
up again on Thursday evening and further
debate will be had.
Senator Hays said to The Cat.l corre
spondent to-night: "The bill will never be
passed. The vote will stand fully 23
against the measure."
This is known to be a wild boast and
sentiment for the measure was seen to be
strong this evening. There will probably
be tpn votes for the bill. Senator Gaebel
believes that the bill will be acted on by
the Senate during Thursday evening's ses
sion and will be passed by a large major
ity. Efforts ar« now being devoted on
members of the House, as the Huntington
]<eoplc hope to there prevent the passage
of the measure.
RALLY Or THE LOBBY.
Hpecchrß of Hnyra and Heiatinger of
Little Avail.
FRANKFORT, Ky., Feb. 25.— The Hunt
ington people, with their double-team com
bination lobby, have become more active
against the repeal of the bill since the
opening of the tire on the methods of the
road by Senator Goebel at this afternoon's
session. A good deal of feeling was en
gendered and Huntington's friends are
smarting under the hot shot of friends of
the bill and realize more than ever their
determination to pass the measure, not
withstanding the ditliculties in the way in
the effort* Of the Southern Pacific people
to delay every possible moment.
A ludicrous incident in connection with
the repeal bill came to light to-nieht. A
friend of the measure in California had
written Representative Thorne of the
House fur a picture of Senator Goebel.
'ihorne is something of a wag, and pro
cured a photograph of Rev. Fred Rider,
also * memoer of the House, and for
The San Francisco Call.
warded it with the name of Senator Goebel
written thereon.
The general engagement is now well on,
and so far the advantage is certainly on
the side of repeal. Goebel, as was ex
pected, sailed ■in fully equipped with
facts and instances of the history and
workings of the Southern Pacific Company
since Kentucky gave it birth, and he de
livered liis fire in the most approved
style, making even the thickest skinned of
Huntington's pachydermatous advocates
wince.
he commanded the attention that the
Importance of the question and his efforts
in behalf of justice deserved, and he un
doubtedly made a strong impression on
those who were open to conviction.
Oeobel speaks offhand and without
notes. He has a clear, flexible voice and
very forcible action. Standing erect on
the floor, looking from one to another as
he delivered his convincing arguments,
and with the conscious flush of right on
his side and victory, he presented a strong
contrast to the gentleman who followed
him, Senator Hays, the Huntington
"heavy -weight.''
The major being, as his old darky said,
"Five foot one way and six foot the
tother," presents a much more imposing
appearance on the floor than does Senator
Goebel as long as he keeps his mouth shut.
When he begins to talk, however, he be
gins to dwindle, and soon sinks way down
in comparison. This is especially the
case when he knows that he is in the
wrong, as in this instance. The major
has plenty of room in his head for ideas,
but he don't keep them well sorted, and
they come out, as it were, in such confu
sion, though without hurry, that they
crowd each other, and his mouth, being
rather small, get stuck in the act of utter
ance. The major does not talk too freely
on any occasion.
To avoid arty halting or resorting of his
"idees" he put them all down in order on
paper, borrowing many from hired Hunt
ington editorials, and proceeded to read
them off like a young preacher with a bor
rowed sermon.
The tenor of all the various extracts and
clippings that he read was of one accord,
and though they knew that great minds
think alike, his audience began to see that
they in this instance, at least, expressed
themselves so very much alike as to cause
them to suspect that the major's matter
was all the product of one great mind.
AVhen he reads "writing or print" the
major has to wear two pair of glasses, and
this, of course, makes him appear funny
if not ludicrous. And when he begins to
read in his slow, doubtful tone, with his
eyes rather fixed on the paper, and gesticu
lating with his free hand he gets more so
and all the iruposingness banishes. It's a
pity, too. The major means well. His
heart is in the right place, but he has such
a regard for his old friend Huntington, or
fear of old "Smoothing Iron" that he is not
his own master always.
The major saw that Goebel had a maga
zine full of shot that he was saving and
thought that he had better ''fess up,"' so
he acknowledged that he held the nomi
nal "position as a director in the Elizabeth
town and Hadgruville railroad, which he
and his associates incorporated and turned
over to the "old man" a few years ago for
a consideration.
Weissinger's learned legal remarks
would doubtless have been much more im
pressive if he had but the dignity of an
English Barrister's wig to his bald head
and clean-shaved face.
As it is incomprehensible as the techni
cal language he uses, maybe he never looks
as if he was really in earnest, and when
any one looks attentively and inquiringly
into his eyes and shakes the head as if
questioning his statements, a smile is apt
to play around the corners of his mouth.
The Senator is very dogmatic and obsti
nate when he once takes a josition.
The only objection is that he looks to
his own set in the PendennisClub to learn
what public opinion js. Senator Jack
Gross told him the other day that he rep
resented no one but the mutual admira
tion society down at Louisville, to which
he belonged; arid Jack Gross, was not far
wrong.
It is not thought that Weissinger made
many converts to his side by his effort
so far, with all his labored learning.
COXFEnEXCK OF DEMOCRATS.
They May Drop Blackburn and Support
a >r.<ui(( Money Man.
FRANKFORT, Ky.. Feb. 25.— The sound
money Democrats held a conference in a
room at the Capitol Hotel to-night and
discussed the matter of dropping Black
burn and giving their support to a sound
money Democrat whom they hope to elect.
It is said they will support Judge Willis
Reeves of Todd County, and are hoping to
secure the vote of Senator Petrie
(Reo.) of Todd County. It is fur
ther reported that they will present a pe
tition to Senator Blackburn asking him to
instruct his forces to cast their solid vote
for Judge Reeves or some other sound
money Democrat, and hold out as an in
ducement that this action on his part
would solidify the bolters for him in oase
they fail in an election.
The Republicans held a well-attended
caucus last night.
TO ASSASSINATE THE SULTAN.
The Formation of a Plot Causing Great
Precautions and the Arrest of
Suspects.
LONDON, Eng., Feb. 2f>.— The Standard's
Constantinople correspondent telegraphs
that two of the narrowest streets through
which the Sultan will pass on February 28
on the occasion of his visit to Constan
tinople proper for the purpose of kissing
the prophet's mantle are Deing due up by
order of the authorities, it being feared
that mines have been laid to kill his
Majesty.
A special watch is being kept on the
bridge spanning the Golden Horn from
Galata to Constantinople. A large num
ber of persons suspected of being impli
cated in a plot to assassinate the Sultan
are being arrested daily. ■
ELEOXOJtA DUSE WELCOMED.
Appeared Vpnn the Stage Where She Made
Her Debut.
NEW YORK, N. V., Feb. 25.— Eleonora
Duse came back to the Fifth-avenue The
ater last night. Her American debut had
been made on that same stage, and it was
there that she had for the first time gained
the recognition of English-speaking audi
ences as a great actress: A brainy as well
as modish audience crowded ihe house
and gave a welcome to her without doubt
or hesitation. It was no longer, as on her
first appearance, a surmise that she was an
SAN FRANCISCO, WEDNESDAY MORNING, FEBRUARY 26, 1896.
exceptional mistress of the dramatic art,
but a cert tinty. and so ; the applause to
which she bowed upon her entrance was
spontaneous, hearty and prolonged. She
was called out many times at the ends of
acts.  ;-,-^>;v;j 'ikV-'y- •' I
Loie Fuller exhibited to the enthusiasm
of a large audience, which had gathered at
Koster & Bial's last night to discover how :
her European reputation had come about,
five of the dances which she has lately per
formed in Paris. y They were surprisingly
beautiful throughout, even' more remotely
connected if possible with the art of danc
ing than the unassuming serpentine,
which laid the foundation for Loie's fame/
used to be. The audience greeted her
with fervor and seemed able to understand
why Europe had enjoyed her and France
haa called her "La Loie" and put the
article before her name, just as it is likely
to do in the case of all really great or emi
nent persons.
What! One Hundred Years More of This?
TWO CASHIERS
ARE SHOT DOWN
Robbers Make Daring Raids
Upon Banks Not Well
Protected.
TWO DEFENDERS SLAIN.
In One Instance Loot Is Secured,
but Failure Results in
Another.
PUESUIT OF THE DESPERADOES.
If They Are Captured the Authorities
Will Not Be Put to the Trouble
of a Trial.
"WARREN", Ark., Feb. 25.— A daring at
tempt at bank robbery occurred here at 3
o'clock to-day. The robbers failed to get
any money, but the brave cashier. Mr.
Adair, lies badly wounded, and T. M.
Goodwin, a leading citizen, merchant and
bank director, is dead.
There were only three of the robbers,
one a tall, red-complexioned, sandy-mus
tashed individual, and the other two ap
parently brothers, black hair and dark
complexioned, round faces, apparently of
foreign birth. They have been camped a
few miles out from town for about ten
days.
They have been about town occasionally
buying horse feed and provisions and one
of them made a deposit of $25 in the Mer
chants' and Planters' Bank, shortly after
ward drawing it out half at a time. "
To-day about 2 p. m. they were noticed
coming into town, but no attention was
paid to them until they walked into the
bank, single hie. On entering the bank
tbe one who had deposited and drawn out
the ?2o demanded of the cashier to know
if he did not pay interest on deposits.
He replied, "No," whereupon, with an
oath, the robber presented his pistol and
ordered the cashier to hold up his hands.
At this time T. M. Goodwin and D. W.
Button, two directors, were sitting inside
the office, and did not pay any attention
until Mr. Adair, instead of holding up his
hands, reached for his pistol lying close by.
Then the robbers fired on him, grazing
his head and stunning him so that he fell
to the floor.
Doubtless the robbers thought him
dead, and rushed inside to eet the plun
der. Mr. Goodwin and Mr. Sutton were
in their way, and though unarmed were
fired on. Mr. Goodwin fell fatally
wounded.
Meanwhile the cashier on the floor fired
two shot 9at the robber nearest him, when
they fired on him again and put a 4"i
caliber ball through his shoulder. He is
notponsidered fatally wounded. The rob
befs escaped, but failed to get any money.
KILLED THE CASHIER.
Two Robbers Made a Daring Said on a
: Texas Bank.
WICHITA, Kans., Feb. 25.-A special
from Wichita' Falls, Tex., says: Two rob
bers entered the City National ■ Bank of
this city at 2:45 p. m. and demanded the
money of Cashier Dorsey, who resisted
them. ■ ," . •'
' Shooting began, resulting .in the death
of Cashier Frank Dorsey and the wound
ing of ; Bookkeeper P. P. Langford. Lang
ford's injuries are not serious, being light
flesh wounds. . -'; .;
The robbers secured only a few hundred
dollars in silver. ' . - ". .
._ They then mounted their horses and
made a run for their lives. By this time
many -i of the citizens had armed them
selves and a small battle took place. One
robber's horse was shot from under him,
and it is believed the robber was wounded.
He mounted behind his partner, and
about a mile from town they met a farmer
in a buegy. They took his horses and
made a break for the hills.
In the meantime the citizens had se
; cured horses and at last reports were
within a quarter of a mile of the robbers
i with good prospects of overtaking them.
Captain McDonald and his rangers came
in at 4 o'clock and took the trail at once.
It is believed a lynching will take place if
the robbers are caught. A reward of $1000
if offered by the I'anhandle and City Na
tional Banks for their capture, dead or
alive.
SJX J I A LOUS LO 17.X.V
They Fought a Vitchtd Battle in a liela-
ware Tillogt.
WILMINGTON, Dei.. 4 Feb. 25. -The lit
tle village of WhaU>YH'.e, a few miles
from Frankford, Sussex'* 'Juunty, was the
scene on Saturday night of a pitched bat
tle between six jealous lovers. One man
was killed, another is likely to die, and a
third will probably t>ay the penalty of the
crime on the gallows.
The murdered man is William Harnblin,
and the wounded are John Quilleu and his
son John. Old man Quillen bas been
courting Mrs. Ann Bouden, a widow, who
lives on the outskirts of the village, and
went to her home on Saturday nitrht to
make his regular call. His son, John
Quillon, also went to the bouse to court the
widow's daughter.
William Hambiin, George Van Baker
and Frank Hickman, rivals, bent upon
breakinc up the love-making went to the
house ana started a fight. They were
ejected, and waited on the outside to way
lay the Quillens, and when the latter came
out of the house they were joined by
Feter L. Davis, a farmer, and a hand-to
hand encounter ensued between the six
men. During the melee Van Baker
stabbed his friend Hambiin in the region
of the heart, killing him instantly. The
elder Quillen's scalp was split open, and
his one received several cuts. No arrests
have been made.
SWEPT AWAY BY THE ICE
Collapse of a Span of a Big
Drawbridge Over the
Mississippi.
The Engineer of a Rock Island Train
Stopped in Time to Prevent
a Disaster.
DAVENPORT, iowa, Feb. 25.— At 12:40
o'clock this afternoon the north half of
the span of the Government bridge across
the Mississippi collapsed and fell into the
river. The accident was caused by the ice,
which had gorged a mile east of the bridge.
The ice suddenly broke and rushed with
tremendous force against the false work
which held the span in position. Al
though extraordinary precautions had
been taken to prevent such an accident,
the structure, ir. its semi-completed condi
tion, was unable to withstand such an on
slaught, ana in a twinkling the huge steel
beams and lofty derricks lay on the' river
bottom a twisted, useless mass.
Less than thirty feet away when the
span fell was a Chicago, Rock Island and
Pacific train, consisting of two coaches
and a locomotive. The engineer, seeing
the swaying structure, stopped his train
just in tim* to prevent its destruction.
The Rock Island road has the exclusive
use of the railway rights, and the bridge
was being: rebuilt in order to afford the
railway a double track.
Bert Kustard of Crookston, Minn., was
the only one of sixty men working on the
bridge at the time of the accident that was
hurt. He jumped a distance of twenty
rive feet to the ice and broke a leg. It will
be a week berore the Rock Island road can
run trains across the bridge.
ENDLESS LITIGATIOy AHEAD.
Tec There la a Great liunli to Secure
the Lands.
DES MOINES, lowa, Feb. 25.—Thurs
day at 9 o'clock the Federal Land Office in
this city will open to receive the filings
against the 22,000 acres of land in O'Brien
County, lowa, recently restored to the pub
lic domain from the grant to the Sioux
City and St. Paul road. This evening a
special train with 300 claimants arrived
and more are coming on every train.
All the land has been claimed several
times over, and Thursday will be a day of
excitement at the land office. There will
be from 800 to 1000 people in the line at
the Federal buildine in the central part of
the business section of the city, and the
police will have a large detail on hand to
preserve order. There will be almost end
less litigation over the contesting claims to
the lands. 
MUTINY OF ANHUI TROOPS
Chinese Forces at Kiang Yin
Blow Up a Magazine, Caus
ing Great Slaughter.
Two Hundred Persons Are Killed and
a General Is Taken
Prisoner.
LONDON, Etc., Feb. 25.— The Times
will to-morrow publish a dispatch from
.Shanghai saying that the Anhui troops
at Kiane Yin, ninety-five miles irom
Shanghai, mutinied recently.
The magazine was blown up. Two
nundred persons were killed and many
wounded. The troops killed a captain and
imprisoned a general, who is now await
ing death. The foreign instructors at
Kiang Yin are safely protected by Hunan
troops.
ARREST OF A
CORRESPONDENT
Charles Michelson in the
Clutches of the Spanish
at Havana.
KEPT IN MORRO CASTLE
Consul-General Williams Says It
Is a Case of Mistaken
Identity.
REBELS AGAIN BURNING CANE
One Engagement in Which the Insur
gents Almost Annihilated a
Regiment.
HAVANA, Ct-ba, Feb. 2o.— Charles
Michelson, correspondent of the New York
Journal and the San Francisco Ex.-'
aminer, was arrested in his room this
morning. The reason for his arrest was
not made public. It is supposed he is
charged with having gone outside the
Spanish lines.
Michelson has been placed in Morro
Castle. Consul-General Williams has
visited Captain-General Weyler in his be
half, stating that the case is one of mis
taken identity.
The prisoners taken at Guatao and Punta
Brava Saturday have also been placed in
Morro Castle.
The rebels have resumed the burning of
cane in the province of Matanzas. Three
i.undred thousand arrobas have been
burned on El Triondo estate at Cabazas.
Cane has also been burned on El Combate
estate at San Francisco de Colonia in the
same locality, and at the Dolores estate at
Santa Domineo in Santa Clara.
The news of the capture at New York of
the filibustering expedition under Garcia
caused a sensation here. The Spaniards
praise the vigilance of the American navy.
J. Fkank Clark.
THIS WAS JVOT JOCrOXTEO.
One Battle . in . Which, the Spanish Suf
fered. Great Lot:
HAVANA, Cuba, Feb. 22 (via Tampa,
Fla., Feb. 25.)— Refugees from San Cristo
bel and Candelaria, towns on the western
railroad in Piiiar del Rio province, bring
news from a region that is without tele
graph, railroad transportation and regular
mails. It is also a province without salt,
and in whicU the inhabitants are shut up
in towns in a starving condition and
guards of Spanish troops threaten to shoot
any one passing in or out.
It appears that a battle has taken place
which has- not figured in the official
Government report. It was at San Cristo
bel on the 13th. The town had been occu
pied by the rebels from January 6 to that
date. Antonio Maceo had fought with
General Luque at Paso Real on one side
of the town and later with General Canelia
on the other side. Coionei Sefgura and 600
men had a narrow escape from annihila
tion on the main road between Candelaria
and San Cristobel on the 6th, but no light
in San Cristobel .has been announced bj*
the Government.
An eye-witness to the affair said that a
Spanish column 1200 strong under Colonel
Hernandez arrived at San Cristobel on the
13th, supposing that the insurgents had
gone further east, for Maceo was near Ar
tensia. The rebel leader, Zayas, and rive
of his men were in the town and 900 qf his
followers were camped just east of the
town. Hernandez came from the west,
entering the main street. Zayas and his
men ran firing their revolvers to warn the
men of the approach of the troops. Zayas
reached the rebel camp and took com
mand. He divided his men into three
battalions of 300 men each. Two of them
remained at the east end of the town and
attacked Hernandez's coiumn as they
came down the narrow street.
With 300 mounted men Zayas rode
around the town and entered in Hernan
| dez's rear, attacking the troops and driv
ing them in between the crossfire of the
other rebel bands. Hernandez fought
desperately, and used several cannon; but
the rebels had him in a disadvantageous
position. He fought on, moving slowly
along the road east from San Cristobel to
Candelaria. Zayas' men fought him on
each flank and from the rear. It is said
that the road was littered with dead sol
diers for the entire six miles to Candelaria.
The informant said he saw in the ruins of
a house which had been burned on the
road the heads of six Spanish soldiers, the
bodies having been burned to prevent
identification. The rebels burned two
large Government bridges on the highway
at Hagassa and Rio Honde to prevent
Spanish cannon from being again taken to
Pinar del Rio province. After Hernandez
left the rebels re-entered San Cristobel.
On the 19th the insurgents burned the
town of Cabanas on the north coast, twenty
miles west of Havana. The garrison was
driven out of the town and the torch was
applied. While the insurgents were in
the town the gunboat Alerta, which once
be-fore fired upon the rebels, shelled the
town. That completed the work of de
struction.
The Delario de las Marina publishes the
following account of the destruction of an
insurgent hospital near Bolondron, which
is semi-ollicial, since all matter passes
through the censors' hands before publica
tion: "Receiving confidential notice that
in the plain called Mayea there existed a
hospital of the enemy, Count Lersunda
went in that direction and ordered an ad
vance of a section of his troops, com
manded by Senors Pozo and Gonzales,
directed by the scout Ramirez. Hardly
had the sentinel of said hospital seen our
gallant troops than there were seen com
ing out of the same eight unarmed indi
viduals, who immediately fled. They were
captured, and a medical case, cartridges,
one Mauser rifle and sundry effects. The
hospital was destroyed, and everything
which could not be transported."
FILIBVSTEKS AHRAIGXED.
Over a ttundred Men Taken from the
Seized Steaiuer.
NEW YORK, N. V.. Feb. 25.— Over a
hundred men were brought up from the
steamer Bermuda this morning. They
are principally Cubans. The filibusters,
including the leader, Garcia and Cap
tain Hughes, were taken to the Federal
building, to the United States Marshal.
The District Attorney says no definite
charges have been made against the pris
oners nor vessels seized. They are only
detained by orders from Washington.
Shortly after 12 o'clock to-day all the
prisoners were released excepting General
Calixto Garcia, Captain Hughes and two
others under telegraphic direction from
the Attorney - General at Washington.
Commissioner Shields adjourned the ex
amination of the remaining four.
Benjamin Cuerra, Treasurer of the
Cuban Junta, was arrested this alternoon
by the United States Marshal. He is
charged with having given a receipt for
certain money used in fitting up the fili
bustering expedition.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Feb. 25.— While
Minister Depuy de Lome declines to
speak about the Bermuda seizure, it is
learned that the Spanish authorities here
attach more importance to last night's re
sults than anything yet accomplished.
BOOTH STILL UNDECIDED
Will Announce on Saturday the
Course He Intends to
Take.
Said to Have Been Offered $i,000.0d0
if He Organizes an Independ
ent Army.
NEW YORK, X. V., Feb.
ton Booth and his wife did not appear at
headquarters to-day. All that was known
as to the intentions of Baliington Booth
had been conveyed to Staff Captain Cay
gill in a note stating that he would return
to headquarters on Saturday either to
"make a stand" or to "turn over the prop
erty of the Salvation Army to his suc
cessor."
It was said that by "to make a stand"
Baliington Booth meant he would .try to
hold the headquarters and nther property
for the American organization of the Sal
vationists aeainst the claims of the British
Commissioners. Commenting upon the
note which he had received Mr. Caygill
said to a reporter:
"If the commander decides to 'make a
stand,' he will not be followed by one
tenth of the officers of ths army."
Captain Caygill said further: "There is
one man in New York who offered the
commander $1,000,000 on his note of hand
if on Saturday next he decides to declare
independence and start what would be
known as the American Army."
STARS IN THE .SEW FIjAQ.
Their Arrangement Considered by Her
bert and Latnont.
NEW YORK, N. V., Feb. 25.-A Herald
special from Washington says: Secretaries
Herbert and Lamont are giving special
attention to the question of placing the
extra star representing the neve State of
Utah on the American Hag. They were
together for a long time yesterday trying
to perfect an arrangement of the forty-five
stars, which will be the number in the
National ensign on and after July 4.
It is probable that the stars in the new
flag win be arranged in six rows, with
eight and seven stars in ea:h row alter
nately. At present the forty-four stars are
arranged in six rows, the upper and lower
rows having eight stars each and the
others seven stars each.
The War Department decided some time
ago to place the additional star at the end
of the fourth row, and flags so arranped
are being manufactured for the army. The
arrangement of six rows, with eight and
seven stars alternately, so favorably im
pressed Secretary Herbert that he asked
Secretary Lamont to reconsider the design
adopted by the army.
»
-■' Imprisonment and Discharge,
OMAHA. Nebr., Feb. 25.— The findings
of the court-martial in the case of Robert
McNamara, the principal offender in the
attack of the four soldiers from Camp Pi
lot at Butte, Wyo., on Chinese miners at
Rock Springs, was made to-day. He is
sentenced to four years in prison and dis
honorable discharge from the army.
TRICE FIVE CENTS.
DR. JAMESON IS
TAKEN TO LONDON
Arraigned Before a Swell
Crowd in the Police
Court.
RELEASED WITH HIS MEN
Charged With Having Made
War Upon a Friendly
State.
CHEERS FOR ALL THE RAIDERS.
Through Mistake Captain Heany, an
American, Received a Big
Ovation.
LONDON, Eng., Feb. 25.-Dr. Jameson,
formerly administrator of the British
South Africa Company, who Jed the raid
into the Transvaal, arrived in London this
evening, was arraigned in the Bow-street
Police Court, and was released upon his
own recognizance in the sum of £2000.
Fourteen others who took part in the raid
*vere arraigned with Jameson ana were ail
admitted to bail in £2000, each furnished
by themselves.
The transport Victoria, which brought
Dr. Jameson and his party from South.
Africa, left Plymouth yesterday and
anchored in the Thames off Purfieet, fif
teen miles below London, at 1 p. m. to-day.
A tug ran alongside the steamer and took
off a passenger and landed him at Frith,
two miles above the Victoria's anchorage.
Here the passenger, who was supposed to
be Jameson, took a train and proceeded to
London, where he arrived at. about 5
o'clock.
A large crowd had assembled outside
the station and as he emerged he was
greeted with enthusiastic cheers and cries
of "Bravo, Dr. Jameson." He was fol
lowed by the crowd from the station to
the Mark Lane station of the underground
railway, being cheered again and again.
Arrived at the latter station the passenger
was joined by a number of friends aud
disappeared from public view.
The enthusiasm of the crowd had been
manifested for the wrong man, for the pas
senger, instead of being Dr. Jameson, was
Captain Heany, an American, who form
erly held a commission in the Bechuena
land Horse, and who had acted as a scout
for Dr. Jameson in his filibustering expe
dition.
In the meantime Dr. Jameson and his
officers were taken off the Victoria by a
police launch, which reached Waterloo
pier at half-past 6 o'clock.
A large crowd had gathered at the pier,
and when Jameson and his party ap
peared they were loudly cheered. The
party entered two omnibuses, which con
veyed them to the Bow-street Police
Court. The crowd manifested its appro
bation for the raid-era for the entire dis
tance from the Waterloo pier to the court.
The party was given a most tumuituous
welcome by the great crowd that had
gathered about the court. In anticipation
of Dr. Jameson's arraignment a laree
crowd of people, composed principally of
members of the aristocracy, assembled in
the courtroom before noon and awaited
Dr. Jameson's arrival.
Seated upon the bench with the magis
trates were the Duke of Abercorn, Lord
and Lady Abingdon, General Sir St.
George, Gerald Foley and Lady Foley, and
Viscount Chelsea and Hon. Robert Arthur
Ward, members of the House of Commons
respectively for Bury St. Edmunds and
the Crewe divisions of Cheshire.
The prisoners were promptly arraigned
before the magistrate upon the formal
charge of having made war upon a
friendly state. So carried away were the
people in the courtroom by their enthusi
asm that the magistrate ana court officers
were unable to put a stop to the demon
stration.
After hearing evidence briefly the magis
trate adjourned the examination for a fort
night, releasing Jameson and the others
upon their own recognizances in £2000
each. The exact charge preferred against
the prisoners was that "The defendants, in
the month of December, 1895, in South
Africa, within her Majesty's dominions,
without license of her Majesty, did will
fully prepare a military expedition to pro
ceed against the dominions of a certain
friendly state, to wit: the Soutn African
Republic, contrary to the provisions of the
foreign enlistment act of 1870."
After bare evidence of the arrest of the
prisoners had been submitted and formal
statements had been made by counsel reU
tiue to the conduct of the case, the sitting
magistrate, Sir John Bridge, remarked:
"No graver charge could be brought
against these men. It is a crime of the
highest possible uravity, and must be so
regarded by every person who considers
the risks of performing the offense.
"It involves, first, the danger of a battle
at the time in which many lives may be
lost and many homes desolated, besides
the greater danger, the offense, being con
tinued, producing a state of war be
tween countries at amity with one an
other."
After deciding upon the amount of b«il
to be furnished, Sir John Bridge ad
dressed the prisoners, begging them for
their own sakes and the sake of the conn
try to absent themseives from any place
where their presence would arouse public
excitement.
He further asked them not to assemble
together more than they were obliged to
do, and to otherwise avoid anything that
might possibly disturb the public peace.
Both requests were remarkable, coming
from a Judge of the bench to defendant!)
before him, and showed very decidedly
that public opinion was strongly in favor
of the accused, and that fears are enter
tained of a public demonstration.
The magistrate appeared astounded and
angry at the cheering that greeted the
prisoners on their entrance into the court
rora. When the cheering was renewed
he sternly cried: *']f you wish to bring
the name of England into contempt that
is the way to do it."2
ANIMATED SCENE
IS THE SENATE
Defeat of Another Attempt
to Consider the House
Tariff Bill.
DEMOCRATS AGAINST IT.
Five Republicans and as Many
Populists Also Oppose the
Measure.
MORRILL AND THE SILVER MEN
Sherman Appeals for Legislation to
Supply the Treasury With Suffi
cient Money.
WASHINGTON, D. C. r Feb. 25.— There
Tvas uuite an animated scene in the Senate
to-day over the second attempt to have the
House tariff bill t&ken up for considera
tion, notwithstanding the defeat of that
proposition on the loth inst. by a vote of
21 to 29. Morrill of Vermont, chairman of
the Finance Committee, felt it his duty to
renew the attempt, but the motion was de
feated to-day by a still larger majority —
22 to 33.
The Democratic votes were all cast
against the motion and they were backed
by the votes of rive Republican Senators —
Cannon of Utah, Carter and Mantle of
Montana, Dubois of Idaho, and Teller of
Colorado, and by the votes of rive Popu
lists, Allen of Nebraska, Jones and Stew
art of Nevada. Kyle of South Dakota, and
Peffer of Kansas.
After the announcement of the vote
Morriil stated that he would make no
further attempt to get up the bill; that it
was hopelessly defeated and it was per-
fectly obvious that the Republican party
was in a minority in ttie Senate.
Morrill's remarks were construed by
Teller of Colorado as indicating a purpose
to read the Republican silver Senators
out of the party, and Teller made an angry
and defiant speech on that point. Sher
man of Ohio tried to relieve the question
of all partisan considerations and ap
pealed to Senators not to inflict such a
disgrace on the country and on civiliza
tion as to adjourn Congress without mak
ing a provision to supply the treasury
with sufficient revenue, and said that he
would even favor and the people would
willingly pay a tax on tea or coffee or on
anything else for that purpose.
The discussion flowed into the cross
channel on bimetallism and monomet
allism, and in the course of it Platt of
Connecticut expressed the belief that the
Republican party would go into the next
campaign on the doctrine of bimetallism
as laid down in the last platform of the
party, and that when the silver mono
metallists proposed to antagonize protec
tion with the unlimited coinage of silver
the death knell of that delusion and craze
had been struck.
The last three hours of the day's session
•were given up to the consideration of the
Cuban belligerency resolution. Morgan of
Alabama concluded his three days' speech
in support of the resolution as reported
from the Committee on Foreign Relations.
Gray of Delaware, another member of
the same committee, while denouncing
Spanish rule in Cuba and declaring the
warmest sympathy with the revolution
ists, argued that the declaration of bel
ligerency was solely an executive function
and outside of the constitutional power of
Congress.
A motion to reconsider the vote by
which the Senate yesterday passed the
House bill extending for five years the
time for beginning suits to annul railroad
land patents was made by Davis (R.) of
Minnesota, the time under existing laws
expiring next Mpnday. He subsequently
withdrew the motion and the bill now
gees to the President.
During the course of the morning busi
ness a resolution was offered by Allen
(Pop.) of Nebraska for the appointment of
James B. Lloyd of North Carolina as
second assistant doorkeeper of the Senate.
Some objections were made by Senators
Chandler (R.) of New Hampshire and
Sherman (R.) of Ohio, the former stating
that he would not consent either to the
displacement of an employe or to the crea
tion of a new office, and the latter remark
ing that an assistant doorkeeper and an
acting assistant doorkeeper had been
maintained, one on each side of the
chamber and for each political party.
This latter remark was taken up by Allen,
who said humorously that the Populist
party was repeatedly obtaining accessions
to its ranks in the Senate and that even
the Senator from Maine (Hale) had re
cently declared himself an adherent of
Populist doctrines. [Lauchter.J The
Populist Senators, he said, therefore have
a representative of their party among the
officials of the Senate.
"We expect," he added, "and are living
in the confident hope that before the close
of this Congress a large proportion of the
Democrats and Republicans will, by stress
of circumstances, be driven into the Popu
list tent. The Democrats and Republi
cans are at war with each other. The Re
publican party is not Harmonious on the
question of nuances bjr any means, and the
Democratic party and its cnief executive
are engaged in a pairot and monkey
tight." (Laughter.)
Platt(R.)oi Connecticut compared Al
len's Populistic crowing to the felicitude
of a hen over her brood. After some fur
ther colloquy the resolution went over
until to-morrow.
Morrill (R.) of Vermont, chairman of
the Finance Committee, called attention
to the subject of the House tariff bill. He
said tiiere was a deficiency of revenue
month by month which would amount to
$30,000,000 for the year, the second year of
the existing tariff bill. It certainly seemed
aa though something should be done to re-
litve the distress of the Treasury Depart
ment and to do something looking to the
revival of the business interests of the
country. He therefore moved to proceed
to the consideration of the House tariff
bill.
The ayes and noes on that motion were
demanded by Senators Stewart (Pop.) of
Nevada and Teller (R.) of Colorado. The
vote was taken, and the motion to take up
the biil was rejected — ayes 22, noes 33 —
as foliows:
Ayes — Aidrich, Aliison, Baker, Brown,
Burrows, Cameron, Clark, Cullom, Davis,
Gear, Hale, Hansbrough, Hawiey, Lodge,
Mitchell of Oregon, Morriil, Nelson, Per
kins, Proctor, Quay, Sherman, Shoup— 22.
Noes— Alien, Bacon, Bate, Berry, Butler,
Caffrey, Call, Cannon, Carter, Cbilton,
Cockrell, Dubois, George, Gordon, Gray,
Harris. Hill, Jones of Nevada, Kyle, Lind
say, Mantle, Martin, Morgan, Palmer,
Pasco, Peffer, Roach, Stewart, Teller,
Turpie, Vest, Walthall, White— 33.
When the vote was announced Morrill
stated that he did not think that it would
be becoming of him to ask the Senate for
any further consumption of time on the
bill. He added that it was perfectly ob
vious that the Republican party was in a
minority in the Senate.
Teller (R.) of Colorado took offense at
what he said as an attempt to read the
silver men out of the party. He notified
the Senator that he and his colleagues
who believed in the cause of silver had
been as zealous and worked as long in the
Republican party as the Senator from Ver
mont or his colleagues. The silver Re
publicans did not propose to be read out of
the party ; they would only go when they
saw fit. They could, he assured the Sena
tor, get along as well without the party as
the party could without them.
Sherman (R.) of Ohio, a member of the
Finance Committee, disclaimed all parti
san feeling in relation to the House tariff
bill. That bill did not belong to any party.
Its only merit was to furnish forty mil
lions additional to the revenues of the
Government. It was a bill to provide ior
an occasion. He declared that it was a
disgrace to the country and to civilization
that the Government of the United States
was now spending $30,000,000 a year be
yond its income. Here was a Congress in
session, both houses fully armed and with
power to furnish the remedy, but Congress
was idle and refused to act. He would
vote to put a tax on tea, on coffee or any
thing in order to meet the deficiency of
revenue.
"The President says," Peffer (Pop.) of
Kansas broke in, "that we do not need any
more revenue."
"I do not care," Sherman declared ex
citedly, "what the President says. Every
body within the sound of my voice knows
that we need more revenue. If that same
thing occurred in Great Britain or in any
other parliamentary country, it would de
throne.the party in power, but now, every
day and every hour, we have been running
in debt, and are increasing our debts, and
there is no reason for it. A tax on tea and
coffee would be paid cheerfully by the
people. Any tax, however obnoxious,
would be supported by the people rather
than see the funded debt increased. Now
that the House has sent us so faulty a bill,
let us take it up. make it rigut and send it
back to the House, but for us to adjourn
without providing for this deficiency is not
a manly action fer either of the great
parties or for any one else who is respon
sible for it. Let us in the name of heaven
do something."
Harris (D.) of Tennessee asked Sherman ;
why he did not advise the Treasury De
• partment to coin the $55,000,000 of seignior
age and the rest of the silver lying idle in
the treasury and utilize it for the purposes
of the treasury, as it was bound to do under
the third section of the Sherman act.
Sherman replied that that question had
been tested in the House of Representa
tives t.nd that by a vote of more than 2 to 1
that foolish and dangerous policy of de
parting from the now lawful standards of
money of the country had been denounced.
That was the action of a body directly
representing the people, while in the
Senate ten States where Senators voted for
the free coinage of silver contained less
people than two-thirds of the State of
Ohio.
He prophesied that Senator Harris'
remedy would never be as strong in the
future as it had been in the past. In his
judgment the sober convictions of the
people would settle down in favor of the
best standard of money. He would not
consider his duty discharged until some
action was had on the subject. If they
went home without performing the duty
of providing for the treasury every man of
them would be held responsible to the
people. He intimated that he would make
another effort to have the House bill taken
up and acted upon.
Stewart (Pop. ) of Nevada said he could
not bold his peace and allow the false pre
tense to exist that the House tariff bill
was designed to produce revenue or that
there was any necessity for a bill to pro-
uuce revenue. The most wicked part of
the recent bond sale was the impounding
of the people's money in the treasury.
After Stewart had been speaking for a
quarter of an hour, Allen (Pop.) of Ne
braska expressed his regret, facetiously,
that his Populist colleague had talked
Senators Morrill and Sherman out of tue
chamber.
"They always leave the chamber when 1
talk," Stewart said with an air of triumph.
''It is impossible for them to hear me
speak of their misdeeds." [Laughter.]
Allen said nothing practical was to come
out of the discussion. The Senators from
Vermont and Ohio had been permitted to
run away after the Senator from Vermont
had undertaken to cast on the Populist
party the responsibility for a failure to
carry his motion. It was perfectly willing
to assume that responsibility. In the ab
sence of those Senators he would ask the
Senator from Rhode Island (Aldrich), who
always coached the Senator from Ver
mont, whether he was willing to take the
House bill with a free silver coinage amend
ment to it.
"I say no, sir,'' Aldrich promptly re
plied, "with as much emphasis as it is
possible for me to use."
"Would you take the McKinley act with
a free-coinage provision?" Allen asked.
The answer "no" came simultaneously
from Aldrich and Platt.
"Are there any circumstances," Allen
persisted, "under which you would take
free coinage?"
"No sir," Aldrich replied, "except by
an international agreement."
"There are no circumstances under
which you are a bimetallist," Allen said.
"You have lied on the question — it I may
speak metaphorically— (general laugnter)
for three years to my certain knowledge.
For three yeai-s yon have stated in this
chamber and undertaken to make people
believe that you were a bimetallist."
The discussion ran on this way all
through the morning hour.
The Cuban belligerency resolution was
taken up at 2 o'clock and Morgan began
his third day's speech in support of it.
Morgan closed his speech at 3:30 and was
followed by another memoer of the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations, Gray (D.)of
Delaware.
Gray argued that there was nothing in
the constitution of the United States in
relation 10 the recognition of belligerency.
He favored the amendment offered yester
day by White (D.) of California, as a sub
stitute for the pending resolution.
Sherman (R.) of Ohio said he would
take the floor to-morrow on the resolution.
Stewart (Pop.) of Nevada declared the
existence of a slaughter-house for half a
century at our doors by a Government in
capable of governing Cuba is something
that we ought not to tolerate.
Call (U.) of Florida submitted a table
showing that the Spanish forces in Cuba
had lost thousands of men in this war.
He wa3 tired, he said, of hearing resolu
tions of sympathy. ''Let us," he ex
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 26, 1896.
claimed, "act like men. If it be true that
this is an imperial government with a
magistrate possessing absolute powers I
am in favor of Congress establishing a
Government of the people. I at least
shall ask that something practical and
positive shall be done— something becom
ing the character of the American people."
[Applause in the galleries.]
The subject went over till to-morrow.
Squire (R.) of Washington, from the
Committee on Fortirications, reported
back with amendments his bill for fortifi
cations and other coast defenses, and it was
placed on the calendar. The Senate at 5
p. m. adjourned until to-morrow.
CAS SELL ITS ntOFERTT.
Favorable Report on th* Latter - Day
Saints Church Bill.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Feb. 25.— The
House Judiciary Committee to-day ordered
a favorable report on the joint resolution
introduced by Allen of Utah providing for
the disposition of certain property now in
the hands of the receiver of the Churcb of
Jesus Christ of Latter-Day Saints, Utah.
The church was dissolved by an act of Con
gress March 1, 1887, and its property passed
into the hands of a receiver, and the bill
authorizes the sale of its property in order
to aliow the payment of its debts and the
settlement of its affairs.
Courteously Declined.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Feb. 1T.. -The
Venezuelan Commission has receive! an
intimation from the Royal Geographical
Society of England, through C!eiuent> U.
Markham, it 6 president, that all the mm
and records of that society will ftedl) t>e
placed at the disposal of the commission.
A courteous repiy has been sent declining
for the present the offer. In view of the
willingness already oflicially expressed by
both the British and Venezuelan govern
ment 3, to furnish all necessary informa
tion.
INTERESTS THE COAST.
Senator Perkins' Candidacy
Pleases the Champions
of Silver.
A Postal System May Be Inaugurated
on Streetcars of This
City.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Feb. 25.-The
announcement made last night by Senator
Perkins that he would be a candidate t>e
lore the St. Louis convention for the Vice-
Presidency has caused considerable talk
In 'Washington.
The gold men laugh at the idea and the
champions of white metal are jubilant. A
great many of the latter declare that the
selection of Perkins would have a great
deal tp do with healing the bitter dif
ferences on that question. State Senator
Gleaves said to The Call correspondent
to-night:
"I am highly pleased with the way in
which Senator Perkins' announcement
•was received and have been receiving con
gratulations for him all day. Before we
launched his boom myself and several
others had several conferences with Re
publican leaders in Washington, and I am
satisfied that he will have a large follow
ing outside of our own section of the coun
try in the convention."
Senator Gleaves and most of the river
and harbor delegation leave for home in
a few days.
Representative Loud called on the Post
office Department to-day in regard to a
postal system on street railways in San
Francisco, and thinks an order author
izing the same will be issued in a few days.
Representative Ornmp of Michigan to
day presented the petition and resolution
of the San Francisco Chamber of Com
merce, asking Congress to investigate the
effect of com petition between manufac
turers of the United States and tnose of
Japan.
Representative Barham to-day presented
the petition of citizens of Petaluma
against appropriations for sectarian pur
poses.
Senator Perkins to-day introduced bills
to pension Lorenzo Mererith and William
H. Hawes.
Representative Johnson introduced a
bill to increase the pension of Elizabeth
M. Stevenson.
Isaac Webb was to-day appointed post
master at Peters, San Joauuin county,
vice Roland Mortimer, resigned.
Pacific Coast patents have been issued as
follows: Henry F. Ascheck, Aiameda,
lock joint; William H. Martin, Los Ange
les, railway life-saving device; John B.
Pitchford, San Francisco, cut-off valve for
engines; Albert I). Richmond, Sacra
mento, car axlebox. Washington: CM.
Bridges, Seattle, conduit electric railway;
William Hainsworth, Seattle, ladle.
Pensions have been granted as follows:
California: Original — Harvey F. An
drews, Pasadena; John E. Gory, San
Francisco; Benjamin F. Johnson, Los
Angeles. Mexican War survivor— William
L. Hudson, National Soldiers' Home, Los
Angeles.
Washington: Original— Charles W. Corn
stock, Aberdeen; Michael McDermit,
Waterville.
Senator .Perkins to-day presented three
memorials from the San Francisco Cham
ber of Commerce. The first was ior an
appropriation of $35,000 for laying a sub
marine cable from San Francisco to
the Farallon Islands; the sec
ond was for an appropriation of
$20,000 for the establishment of
a fog-signal station northwest of the Far
allon Islands; the third for an appropria
tion of $90,000 for the builaine and equip
ment of a fog-signal vessel with auxiliary
steam power, to be stationed outside the
bar of San Francisco Bay.
Representative Maguire to-day intro
duced a bill giving the Secretary of the
Navy power, upon proper examination
and proof, to remove the charge of deser
tion against enlisted men of the naval
force of the United States. The bill pro
vides that no back pay or bounty shall be
paid any applicant.
A postoiiice was to-day established at Is
abella, Kern County, Cal. ; George W.
King was appointed postmaster.
Pensions for Californians: Original —
John W. Kidd, Santa Rosa; John S. Pow
ers.National-Soldiers' Home, Los Angeles.
Oregon: Restoration and reissue—Hor
atio Gibson, deceased, Milton. Original
widow — Susan E. String, Portland.
Washington : Original widow— Elizabeth
Hooper, mother, Johnson.
Colonel Terrell Retired.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Feb. 25.— Colonel
Charles M. Terrell, assistant paymaster
general, U. S. A., was 64 years of age yes
terday and was accordingly placed on the
retired list on account of age. Colonel
Terrell is stationed at San Antonio, Tex.
He is a brother of A. W. Terrell, United
States Minister to Tnrkey.
.; ~ Persecuted by Personal:
NEW YORK, N. V., Feb. 25. — T. H.
Haley of the Mosler-lianman Safe Com
pany tells a strange story of persecution
at the hands of a wealthy San Francisco
widow named Bourne, which began in
1881 and has continued ever since through
personals inserted in newspapers, until life
has become unbearable.
2'he Indiana at Sea.
FORTRESS MONROE, Va., Feb. 25.—
The battleship Indiana, with the Naval
Board of Inspection on board, went to sea
yesterday morning.
. — «. — «.
Send your change of business or residence to
Crocker-Langley Directory, 213 Bush st. •
AT THE MERCY
OF ANY POWER
Billions of Dollars' Worth
of Coast Property
Not Protected.
REPORTED BY SQUIRE.
Estimates of the Appropriations
Needed for Defenses Are
Submitted.
ABOUT ONE HUNDRED MILLIONS
With the Expenditure of That Sum
Suitable Fortifications Could
Be Erected.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Feb. 25.—Sena
tor S.juire, chairman of the Senate Com
mittee on Fortifications, to-day submitted
the report of that committee on the bill
before it to the Senate. The questions in
volved have been under discussion for
several weeks and many of the chief offi
cers of the army and navy have been be
fore the committee to urge the passage of
some adequate measure looking to the
thorough fortification of our seacoast.
It is set forth that in the cities clustering
about New York there is property valued
at four billions of dollars within reach of
the guns of a hostile fleet lying in the
upper bay of New York. Not one-tenth of
the necessary defenses for that port have
been completed, although its harbor is
better protected than any other in the
United States.
The aggregate value of destructible prop
erty exposed ac the twenty-seven princi
pal seaports of the country, not including
those of the great lakes, is ■ found to
amount to ten billions of dollars.
The contrast between the cost of prepara
tion and the cost of war itself is one of the
principal considerations urged by the com
mittee.
It is an anomalous state of affairs that
this great Nation, encircled by a chain of
foreign fortresses near its shores, is with
out the means of resisting an attack from
any one of them. Although appreciating
the strength of the navy, the committee
says it would be unsafe to rely exclusively
upon that arrangement for means of de
fense.
The very existence of the navy would be
imperiled in case of war with any
great power without the support which
would be afforded it by land defenses.
It was clearly shown by a distinguished
admiral that the expenditure for coast de
lenses, as compared with that for the navy,
should at present be in the ration of I} 4to
1, and that the ratio should be increased
in favor of coast defenses after the expendi
ture of $100,000,000 for both purposes.
The Endicott Board of 1886 estimated
the cost of a permanent system of land
defenses at a fraction less than ninety
eight millions, and since that day h\xV little
more than ton and a half millions have
been expended. The committee, having
thoroughly examined all the conditions,
the changes in the law requiring but eight
hours labor, etc., find that the amount de
sirable for fortifications and armament
will be more tnan originally calculated by
the Endicott Board for the whole work of
land defenses.
The total cost of fortiGcations, including
purchase of sites, is estimated at $61,
--500,000; the cost of armament, including
guns, gun-carriages, mortars aqd carriages,
rapid-lire and machine-euns, at $43,796,020.
This does not include the Bethlehem con
tract, already authorized by law, nor any
estimate of the cost of projectiles and other
items which may properly be provided for
in the annual appropriation bills.
The rapid-tire guns, costing $2,762,000,
were not estimated in. the Endicott plan.
The consolidated estimate of all the
boards necessary to make the fortifications
thorough and complete is fixed at $105,
--296,020 for permanent worts and arma
ment. To complete this undertaking will
require not les3 than a period of six years,
and for this reason Congress is urged to
begin the construction as speedily as
possible.
The scheme of distributing the appro
priation from year to year during a period
of about eleven years is approved, unless
an emergency should arise that may cause
the President to order the whole or any
part of the amount to be immediately
available.
As a minimum sum, the chief of en
gineers says that $80,000,000 would provide
an efficient defense, but nothing less than
this would do.
Therefore the committee decided to re
port in favor of an appropriation of $80,
--000,000—^10,000,000 to be available for the
remainder of the current and the whole of
the next fiscal year for each of the next
seven years. The committee also reports
in favor of $2,500,000 for torpedoes.
The committee recommends that author-
•Ity be giveu the chief of ordnance to con
tract for forgings, carriages, rapid-fire
guns and projectiles to the amount of
f 1,750,000 to be paid out of the appropria
tion for the next fiscal year.
The chief of engineers says that after a
few weeks of preparation he can econom
ically expend about one million a month
on the engineering part of the work, but
that under stress lrs-could advantageously
expend a much larger sum for that pur
pose.
If the appropriations recommended by
the committee are granted provision could
be made within eighteen months for (344
guns, of which six would be 12-inch on
lifts, twelve 12-inch on non-disappearing
carriages, ninety-four 10-inch disappear
ing and nine 10-inch non-disappearing.
In conclusion, the committee. urged the
vital importance of immediately com
mencing the work of defense on an ade
quate scale, of prosecuting it with vigor,
and of providing for it by sufficient appro
priations of money in order to avoid great
and unnecessary risks to the safety and
welfare of the Nation.
SEXA.TE JSIXASOE COMMITTEE.
Divided on Party Tinea in Beference to
Jiond Issttrs.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Feb. 25.-The
Senate Committee on Finance met this
morning for the consideration of a num
ber of matters of minor importance. The
only measure of any important signifi
cance that was considered was the resolu
tion of Senator Bacon (D.) of Georgia, jm>
hibiting the further issue of bonds unless
such bonds were previously authorized by
act of Congress.
Harris of Tennessee insisted that a vote
be taken on the subject, for he desired the
resolution reported. This precipitated a
discussion in which all the members of the
committee engaged. There were absent
Jones of Arkansas and Yoornees, of the
Democrats, and Wolcott, of the Republi
cans. The committee divided on party
lines, Jones of Nevada joining with the
Democrats.
The committee by a vote failed to pass
Aldrich's motion to" report the resolution
adversely, the vote being as follows: To
report adversely— Morrill, Sherman, Alli
son, Aldrich and Platt— all Republicans.
Against reporting adverselj — Harris, Vest,
White, Waltball (Democrats) and Jones
of Nevada (Pop.)
The resolution by this vote still remains
before the committee.
HICH. GOLD JT-V THE GULCH.
It la Causing a Stampede in One Section
of Colorado.
LAKE CITY, Colo., Feb. 25.— A stam-
Dede to Yellowstone Gulch, ten miles from
Lake City, began yesterday, because of the
discovery of fine specimens of wire gold in
the Woodstock mine recently made. The
mine is an old location, classed as a low
grade copper and silver producer, and was
not considered of esneciai value. Recently
the owners have been developing their
property by a drift and shaft in the tun
nel, and for some time they found pockets
of wire gold quartz, which they threw over
the dump, thinking the stuff was wire
copper. Specimens valued as high as $23
have been taken from the dump.
Saved From the Hallows.
DENVER, Colo., Feb. 25.— A. W. Van
Houton, awaiting execution in the State
penitentiary for the murder of Richard
Newall, chief engineer of the Midland Ter
minal Railroad, has had his sentence com
muted to a life imprisonment by Governor
Mclntyre. The Supreme Court refused to
grant a rehearing of the case and the
board of pardons last night by a tie vote
failed to agree to grant a pardbn or grant
a commutation, whicu left it within the
power of the Governor to act.
CENSURE FOR MR. BAYARD
It Is Contained in a Resolution
Submitted to the
House.
Utterances of the Embassador De
clared to Have Been a Dere
liction of Duty.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Feb. 25.-The
resolution censuring Embassador Bayard
for the utterances contained in his late
speeches at Edinburgh and Boston, Eng
land, which were adopted several weeks
ago by the House Foreign Affairs Com
mittee, were reported to the House this
afternoon by Hitt of Illinois, the chair
man of the committee. The preamble re
cites the language used by Bayard and
continues:
Resolved, That it is the sense of the House of
Representatives that Thomas F. Bayard, Am
bassador of the United States to Great Britaiu,
in publicly ixsing the language above quoted,
has committed an offense against diplomatic
propriety and an abuse of the privileges of his
exalted position which should make him the
representative of the whole country and not
of any particular party. Sucn utterances are
wholly inconsistent with the prudent, deli
cate and scrupulous reserve which he himself,
while Secretary of State, enjoined upon
all diplomatic agents of the United
States. In one speech he affronts
the great body of his countrymen
who believed In the policy of protection. In
the other he offends all his countrymen who
believe that Americans are capable of self-gov
ernment; therefore, as the immediate repre
sentative of the American people and in their
name we condemn and censure such utter
ances of Thomas F. Bayard.
Resolved further, That in the opinion of the
House of Representatives, public speeches by
our diplomatic or consular officers abroad
which display partisanship, or which condemn
any political party or party policy, or organi
zation of citizens in the United States, are in
dereliction of the duty of such officers, impair
their usefulness as public servants, and
diminish the confidence which they should
always command at home and abroad.
The report accompanying the resolution
closes with the statement that "Bayard
did make such speeches," and that no ac
tion had been taken thereon." The com
mittee therefore respectfully recommend
the adoption of the resolutions.
GRATITUDE OF VENEZUELA.
It Is Expressed in the Message of Presi-
dent Crespo to the Country's
Congress.
NEW YORK, N. V., Feb. 25.-A dis
patch to the HeraJd from Caracas, Vene
zuela, says: De Francisco Castillo, Min
ister of the Interior, to-day read to Con
gress the message of President Crespo.
The Cabinet was present, but the Presi -
dent did not attend the session.
After referring to the recent revolt, the
condition of the National Guard, and rec
ommending . appropriations for necessary
coast defenses, the message referred to the
boundary dispute with Great Britain, with
particular regard to the attitude of the
United States.
Gratitude, the President said, was due
to that country, for the reason that it had
interfered and had become a powerful
ally of Venezuela when it found the in
tegrity of an American State was gravely
menaced. . Venezuela's rights would be
peaceably maintained, the" President de
clared, if the advice of the United States
should be followed.  ; '.<■■
This portion of the message concluded
with - the emphatic .;.' declaration that
Venezuela's debt to the country of Wash
ington could not be estimated, and with
distinct commendation for the part taken
by Mr. Thomas, the United States Min
ister. v-v'. '- , ;*■;• •'■..- •' -
•
Orutntn'a Bondsmen Sued.
CHEYENNE, Wyo., Feb. 25.-The At
torney-General for Wyoming to-day com
menced suit for the recovery of $44,147
from the bondsmen of ex-State Treasurer
Otto Grumm, who lost by the failure of a
local bank in 1893 that amount of the
State s funds, which he has been unable to
repay. Among the bondsmen from whom
it is believed the shortage can be recov
ered are Henry C. Balch, D. C. Bacon and
Senator Francis E. Warren.
Steamer Spree Aground.
BREMEN, Germany, Feb. 25. — The
North German Lloyd steamer Spree, for
New York, ran aground in the river Weser
to-day. She will probably be floated at
the next flood tide.
Apollinaris
"THE QUEEN OF TABLE WATERS."
Supplied under Royal Warrants to
Her Majesty the Queen of England,
and to His Royal Highness the Princi
of Wales. •
JOHN CAFFREY,
47 First street, San Francisco,
REPRESENTING
Charles Graef & Co., N. V., for Mineral Waters
TO COUNT VOTES
IN THE HOUSE
Failure to Agree in the
Election Contest From
Missouri.
CAN'T SEAT VAN HORN.
Frauds Committed in Kansas City
Will Be Aired by the
Statesmen.
PASSAGE OF THE SEAL BILL.
__ _____
If an Agreement Is Not Reached All
the Animals Will Soon Be
Slain.
Washington, d. c, Feb. 25.— The
Hoffse to-day entered upon consideration
of the first contested election case in which
there was a division of the Elections Com
mittee upon the finding— that of Van Horn
vs. Tarsney, from the Fifth District of
Missouri. This was, besides the division
of the committee on political lines, the
separation of one of the members of the
majority, Taylor, (R.) of Ohio, from the
recommendation made by it that the con-
testant, Van Horn, be seated instead of
Tarsney, who now occupies it. He agreed
with the minority, which did not express
an opinion, but recommended that the
case be reopened for a count of the ballots
in the disputed precincts in Kansas City,
where the frauds were committed upon
which action the majority based its recom
mendation.
The adoption of the committee's recom
mendation was advocated by Strode (R.)
of Nebraska in a speech of nearly two and
a half hours, in which he set forth in detail
the extent and character of the frauds
committed, and contended that the condi
tions were such that the returns from the
precinct in question could not be purged
of the taint of fraud, but, as the committee
had found, must be rejected entirely.
Taylor defended his position in au hou s'
speech, which held the attention of the
House throughout and won him many en
comiums from the older members. He
contended that the fraudulent ballots
could be segregated from the honest ones
and that it was the duty of the House to
have this done before passing upon the
contest. He admitted his belief that if the
count was made as he recommended, it
would result in demonstrating the fact
that Van Horn had received a majority or
the legal votes cast.
Before taking up the election case the
House passed the Indian appropriation
bill without further discussion, the para
graph relating to the purchase of the title
of the Ogden Land Company to lands in
the Alleghany and Catteraugus Indian
reservations, in the State of New York, be
ing stricken out by unanimous consent.
Dingley (R.) of Maine called up the bill
introduced by him and unanimously re
ported by the Committee on Ways and
Means relating to the fur seal industry. It
directs the President to enter into negotia
tions with the Governments of Great Brit
ain, Russia and Japan or either of them
for the appointment of a joint commission
to investigate the fur seal industry in all
its bearings and to report what, if any, ad
ditional regulations are necessary for the
preservation of the fur seal herd. It also
provides for the establishment of a modus
Vivendi between the several Governments
under the findings of the Paris tribunal of
1893, respecting the protection of the seals
with a provision that if this modus be not
concluded in time to govern the season of
1896, the Secretary of the Treasury is di
rected to kill every seal that can be reached
on the Pribyloff Islands and sell the skius
for the benefit of the Treasury.
The report of the committee set forth
the necessity of the proposed legisla
tion and the bill was passed unanimously
as it did in the House last Congress.
The House at 5 :05 p. m. adjourned until
to-morrow with a prospect of spending a
day or two in the further discussioa of the
election case.
Postoffice Appropriation Hill.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Feb. 25.-The
postoffice appropriation bill for the com
ing fiscal year as agreed to by the House
• NEW TO-DAY.
®®®®<SXsX»XfiXgziz®®^zz:®(sxsxsxs^^
1 COLUMBIA i
: . • AND -' ..' • .
HARTFORD
I BICYCLES I
|j Are used than those of §?■
'»■ any other make. * ' ®
WHY?
Because, they are BEST !
■;■..■;. '':' '-.\"&*: ■'■■;<".
POPE MMUFACTEJRIJVG CO.,
- 344 Post St., S. F. : Cal. _
® m^ mmm "^ ®
g Instruction and Renting De- .©
A £ partment— l97o Page st., near, £'
® Park entrance. ' -®
®SXsXS®®®(S®— ®^
WALL PAPER!
JAS. DUFFY & CO.
Have REMOVED to ;
No. 20 Geary Street.
GREAT REDUCTION
TO CLOSE OUT LAST SEASON'S PATTERNS
TO fIAKE ROOM FOR THE NEW - :
WINDOW SHADES!
■ " , Any Color, Size or Kind.
' WHOLESALE— AND— RETAIL.
Appropriation Committee and as will be
presented to the House, carries an appro
priation of $91,565,443, being $3,252,452 less
than the estimates and $259,445 over the
amount carried by the bill for the current
fiscal year.
rjtvjuoriuys tb the _v._rr.
List of domination a Sent by the Presi
dent to the Senate.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Feb. 25.— The
President to-day sent to the Senate the
following nominations : Lieutenant-Com
mander G. A. Bicknell to be commander;
Lieutenant Nathan £. E. Niles to be a
lieutenant-commander; Lieutenant (junior
grade) J. A. Dougherty to be a lieutenant;
Ensign T. C. Fenton to be a lieutenant,
junior grade; Passed Assistant Engineers
Stacey Potts and H. C. Cleaver to be chief
engineers; Assistant Engineers C. H.
Hayes and H. W. Jones to be passed as
sistant engineers.
Th« Gold Reserve.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Feb. 25.— The
treasury gold reserve stood at the close of
business to-day at $123,113,978. The with
drawals for the day were $480,400. Bonds
to the amount of $70,650,050 of the new is
sue have been delivered, of which $43,
--413.(550 were coupons and $27,237,400 regis
tered.
The Gunboat Concord.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Feb. 25.— The
gunboat Concord left Kobe, Japan, to-day
en route to San Francisco.
It is often difficult to convince
people their blood is impure,
until dreadful carbuncles, ab-
scesses, boils, scrofula or salt
rheum are painful proof of the
fact. It is wisdom now, or
whenever there is any indica-
tion of
Impure
blood, to take Hood's Sarsa-
parilla and prevent such erup-
tions and suffering. •
• "I had a dreadful carbuncle abscess, red,
fiery, tierce and sore. The doctor attended
me over seven.weeks. When abscess broke
the pains were terrible, and I thought I
should not live through it. I heard and
read so much about Hood's Sarsaparilla
that 1 decided to take it, and my husband,
who was suffering with boils, took it also.
It soon purified our
DIOOCI
bvilt rue up and restored my health, so
that, although the doctor said" I would not
be able to work hard; 1 have since done
the work for 20 people. Hood's Sarsa-
parilla cured my husband of the boils, and
we regard it a wonderful medicine."
Mrs. Anna PiJterson, Latiraer, Kansas.
Sarsaparilla
Is the One True Blood Purifier. All druggists.sl.
Hood's Pills cure Liver Ills; easy to
IIUUU or" 1 1 IS take, easy to operate. 25c
COCOA s
FREE! I
Miners' Pure Breakfast Cocoa (&
FREE ALL THIS WEEK. #55,
"Drop in" and have a cup. ■ *%?
INTRODUCTORY 4
PRICES! ®
Good Only Until February 20th. g
Toboggan Maple Syrup, 1 gal. $100 2^
Eastern Buckwheat, pure, 10 1b5..... 35c (Jj?
Minors' Best Ground Chocolate, 1 lb. ' 20c 7*i
Finest Baltimore Oysters, 2-lb. tin... '18c
Western Washer, with wringer. .. $5 00 ff^
Gold Weight Pure Spices, i.4 lb. .J 10c 2a
Best Table Salt, 50-lb. bag.! '25c 'fi?
Antonini Oil, best imported 65c (Ji
Mincing Knife, new style 10c 2x
50-cent Harmonicas, each ' 25c \^s
$25 Sewing Machines, each ?20 00 /^
25c Goodrich Dress Shields . ' 15c
Ladies' Fine Jersey Rib Vests... 15c (*W
Best 9-oz. Duck Overalls 800 /%j\
All Wall Paper, 1896 styles, dis. -33% c *&
Largest Western Department 5?
Store. Catalogue free. ®9
Smiths 1 Cash Store, \ ©
414, 416, 41 S FRONT st., S. F. (Ji
THESUCCESSOFTHESEASOS
THE LADIES' GRILL ROOM
—OF THE — — ■":'■
PALACE HOTEL,
DIRECT ENTRANCE FROM / MARKET ST.
OrJ2N USTIL MIDNIGHT.
LI TO TAI JR., /—X
Chinese Tea, and Herb L*- J
* Sanitorinm, ®^HJ
No. 727 Washington St., \♦• 3
San Francisco, Cal. \ & 1
Cor. Brenhjun Place, abo Wife-- A
the plaza. /£n^
Office Hours: 9to 13, -^"^^fc [/&^\
1 to 4 and 5 to 7. Sun- *%s&*
day, 9 A. 31. to 12 M.
Li Po Tai Jr., son of the famous Lt P >
Tai, has taken hi;* father's business,
and is. after eleven years' study ia
China, fully prepared to locate and
treat all diseases. ■ • •,
fHIIIAIIPA roB barber^ bak-
RIIbIQIIEi^«i«> bootblack*. bath-
DIIIIOH CO louses, billiard -tables
brewer*, bookbinder* c»ndy-makers, cann«r*
dyers, flourmllls, . foundries, laundries, paper*
h«DCtrs, printers, painters, shoe tactorie* atabl*-
Brash 3ganofaictarere^6o9Saor»maatoaW
OOSMOPOIiITAN,
Opposite U. S. Mint, 100 and 102 Fifth st.,. Han
I-ranclsco.Cal.-Themost select family hotel in
the city Board and room, 51, $1 25 and $1 50 per
day, accordin,- to room. Meals 25c. Kooms, 600
and 75c a day. Free coach to and irom me hotel.
Look for the coach bearing the name of the Cos-
mopolitan Hotel. WM. Jb'AHEY, Proprietor.
NOTARY PUBLIC.
/CHARLES H. PHILLIPS, ATTORNEY-ATV
\J law and Notary Public, 638 Market St., oppo
site Palace Hotel.' Residence, 1320 Fell at. i el*
pnone 579. Residence telephone, "Pine 2581."
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
KKARNV AND WASHINGTON" STS— RE-
IV modeled and renovated. KINO. WARD A GO.
Kuropean plan. ■; Kooms &0c to .SI "50 per day, .$-j
to $S per wcefc.is9 to 830 per month: free baths;
hot and cold water every, room; lire grates In
every room; elevator runs all night.CARLISLE AT A
BIG RECEPTION
Greeted by the Members
of the Manhattan
Club.
NOTED MEN ATTENDED.
Democrats of Gotham Turn Out
to Welcome the Secretary
of the Treasury.
WAS GLAD TO MEET THEM ALL.
And Then He Took Occasion to Advo
cate Cleveland's " Sound "
Money Principles.
NEW YORK, X. V., Feb. 25.— One of the
most notable receptions ever given a Dub
hc official in this city was accorded John
G. Carlisle, Secretary of the Treasury, by
the Manhattan Club to-night at the club
house. A more representative body of
men than those who gathered to honor the
Secretary could hardly have been gathered
together.
Bankers, merchants, presidents of cor
porations, lawyers, politicians and men
of affairs, each vied with the other to do
honor to the distinguished guest.
The rooms of the club were thronged
when at 9:30 o'clock C. C. Baldwin, Jus
tice Smythe and Secretary Carlisle ap
peared.
There was a round of applause as the
Secretary entered the rooms and he was at
once conducted to the East room, where
the reception was held.
On the right of the Secretary stood Presi
ident Coudert of the Manhattan Club and
to the left stood Edward F. Bell, chairman
of the reception committee, who intro
duced the guests and members as they
pressed forward in a stead}' stream for over
an hour to shake the Secretary's nand.
Every one received a hearty handshake
and "I'm glad to meet you" from the Sec
retary. This continued until nearly 10:30,
when President Coudert, linking arms
with the Secretary, went to the dining
room.
The luncheon was spread in the billiard
room of the club.
President Coudert took his seat at the
center of the guests' table at the head of .
the room, and with him at this table
were Mr. Carlisle, Collector Kilbreth, E.
Bell, J. A. Stewart, W. W. Sher
man, Robert Mackay, C. A. Jordan,
St. Clair McKelway, H. W. Cannon, S.
O Sullivan, G. G. Ward, M. K. Jessup, ex-
Governor Flower, General Ruger, Admiral !
Erben and W. J. Coombs. In a .happy
speech he introduced the guest.
Mr. Carlisle said that his first thanks |
were due to the President and the mem- ■
bers and their guests for the cordial man- j
ncr in which t, l iev had received him.
"I am «lad, he said, "to be surrounded 1
by old-iashioned Democrats who have
never repudiated the principles of the
Democratic party oi sound money, just j
and equal taxation, economy in finances
and honesty and fidelity in the discharge
of public duties.
"Ihere has been some objection to these
principles, but they were pood enough for
old-fashioned .Democrats and they are ;
good enough for us. If there is one prin- j
ciple to which they have ever been true it
is that the currency of the people must be
maintained on a sound and equitable basis
and that nothing but specie be made a le
gal tender.
"The Democratic party is not dead, and
the time has not come to distribute its
assets among the Populists and its allies. :
[Applause.] It will never die if it is faith
ful to the principles upon which it was
founded. I hope it will go into the con
test in a perfectly sound declaration of
principles, and if it does it will emerge from
the contest with victory and an unblem- i
ished record."
BOIES' PLEA TOR KILTER.
At the Same Time He Decline* to Run
for President.
DES MOINES, lowa, Feb. 25.— Ex-
Governor Horace Boies has written a letter
to the Dcs Moines Leader declining to be a
candidate for the Democratic nomination
for President. He is rinal and positive on
this point.
He says he desires the party in lowa to
send a delegation to the Chicago conven
tion uninstructed and uninfluenced by
local considerations. He says he insists
on construing the platform pledges of the
party for many years as solemn promises
to restore silver to the position assigned to
it by the fundamental Jaw of the Nation—
as money of redemption ; and he says:
"I conscientiously believe that to neg
lect to do this, both in theory and practice,
is an open, flagrant and continuous viola
tion of the highest law of the land."
This issue, he says, completely obscures
every other. The Democratic party is un
happily divided, and the Republican party
is strongly in favor of the single gold
standard.
Success in the effort to force this standard
on the country, he says, will be the death
knell of prosperity for the struggling
masses. It is impossible that high-priced
iabor and low-priced commodities should
exist together for any length of time.
No combination of men can ever be
made with its object to increase the value
of labor and its products, as the combina
tion of the money powers of the great
commercial centers of the world are to op-
j/o?e that end.
The policy of monometallism means the
issue of $500,000,000 of interest.bearing
bonds to take the place of $500,000,000 of as
pood money as was ever issued.
CLAIM Eli BY A PLASTERER.
A Fast Estate Left by the Son of Lord
lilake.
CHICAGO, 111., Feb. 25.— A few days
apo dispatches announced the fact that a
rirrn of English attorneys having offices in
I/ondon were seeking to find the heirs to
the vast estate of Francis Blake, a son of
Lord Blake, who died nearly half a cen
tury ago at his family estate near Iloscom
mon, Ireland. The papers published the
btory of Francis Blake's life and it excited
considerable interest.
Now conies James Gavin, a plasterer,
who lives with his family at 4629 Dryer
street, in the town of Lake, who claims
that he is a descendant of the family and
consequently an heir to the estate now
worth nearly $3,000,000. Gavin yesterday
traced his family tree from the BlaHes to
the Gavins ana was fully convinced that
he had not only royal blood coursing
through his veins, but that he had a good
show of getting the money. He claims to
be the grandson of the aunt of Lady Blake
and the nearest of kin.
MISS ILAQLEK PLEADS GUILTI.
Sentenced to Three Hours' Imprisonment
and to Pay a line.
WASHINGTON. d. 0., Feb. 25.— Miss
Elizabeth Flagler, the daughter of General
D.W. Flagler, chief of ordnance of the
United States army, who shot and killed
a colored boy who was stealing pears from
her father's garden, was brought into the
Criminal Court this morning to answer to
the indictment for manslaughter.
The hearing was brief, and resulted in a j
verdict of guilty. Miss Flagler was sen
tenced to three hours in the District jail
and a fine of $500.
i Miss Flagler was indicted on October 31
last year by the District Grand Jury for
killing with two shots from a navy, re
volver Ernest Green, a young colored boy,
who, on August 2, attempted to pick a pear
from a tree in front of her father's house
on California avenue. The jury were nearly
unanimous in their verdict. Miss Flagler
was released on $10,000 bail.
WITH WITHERING SCOBX.
Mrs. Mary I •■«■«<■ Too Busy to Answer
Every "Barking Cur."
WICHITA, Kan?.. Feb. 25.— When Mrs.
Mary Elizabeth Lease was shown the dis
patch, from Detroit to-day saying that
Jerry Simpson said she had never been
anything but a disturbing element in poli
tics, that she always wants to be the great
"I am," and that she is better in the pul
pit than in politics, she said with wither
ing scorn:
"Life is too shori and my time too fully
occupied to pay attention to every barking
cur or step on every worm that crawls
across my path." She says Simpson's at
tack upon her is entirely unprovoked.
There is a strong fight against him in this
district, but Mrs. Lease has taken no part
in it.
JUnhoney Is Receiver.
LEXINGTON, Ya., Feb. 25.— William J.
Mahoney. general manager of the Virginia
Iron and Railway Company, has been ap
pointed receiver for the company. The
approximated indebtedness of the com
pany is over $850,000. The present com
pany was formed in 1891.
A-dtniral JFyffe Vying.
PIERCE, Nebr.. Feb. 25.— Rear-Admiral
Fyffe, wno has been ill for some time, is
much worse to-night, and the doctors do
not think he can live more than twenty
four hours.
STABBED BY THE BUTCHER
Ed Hickey, a Chicago Tough,
Made a Fatal Mistake as
a Rohber.
After Being Mortally Wounded He
Was Carried Away by Con
federates.
CHICAGO, 111.. Feb. 25.— 5. Haas, a
butcher at 2254 Halstead street, was clos
ing up his shop about 8 o'clock this even
ing when a tough character, who was
identified later as Ed Hictev, came in and
said he wanted some meat.
As Haas turned to till the order Hickey
crabbed him by the throat and told him
to give up all the money he had and to do
it quick.
Haa*, who is a powerful man, resisted,
and had just thrown Hickey to the floor
when two masked men rushed In tlie front
door, and, with Hickey's assistance, again
attacked the butcher.
Haas backed away from his antagonists
until he reached his chopping-block, and
just as he grabbed a carving-knife the
three men were upon him.
Before they could floor him, Haas had
sent the blade clear through Hickey's
body, just above the stomach.
This summary act frightened the men,
and helping their partner to the door they
fled. Hickey was fatally wounded and
staggered to Thirty-fifth and Halstead
streets and fell dead just as he entered a
saloon. The other two escaped.
HEAVY LOSSES AT TACOMA.
Two million siiiiiyl'M and a Residence
Destroyed by Flames.
TACOMA, Wash., Feb 25.— Fire broke
out in the dryhousesof the Cushing Young
Shingle Company at Old Tacoma this
morning and destroyed 2,000,000 shingles
together with the dry houses. The total
loss is about $20,000, and the insurance will
not cover 50 per cent.
At 4 o'clock this morning the handsome
residence of Collin Macintosh of South
Tacoma was destroyed by a fire originat
ing in the furnace-room in a mysterious
manner. The family escaped with wear
ing apparel only. The loss is $5000, fully
covered by insurance.
TIRE AT SAW JOSE.
The Suburban Residence of Thomas
Chatfirld Destroyed.
SAN JOSE, Cal., freb. 25.— The fine
suburban residence of Thomas Chatfield
on Moorpark avenue, near the infirmary,
was destroyed by fire last night. The resi
dence cost $6000, and its furnishings were
valued at $4000. There was $3500 insur
ance on the house and $IGOO on the furni
ture. The family was absent at the time,
and the origin of the fire is unknown.
kidney factory IHttroyed.
SEATTLE, Wash., Feb. 25.— The Sidney
Sewer Pipe and Terra Cotta Works, val
ued at $75,000, located at Sidney, Kit^ap
County, were destroyed by fire last night.
The insurance is $15,000. For some time
the concern, which usually employed fifty
men, has been in only partial operation.
A Baptist Church Burned.
RICHMOND. Va., Feb. 25.— The Grace
street Baptist Church, built about two
years ago at a cost of $G5,000, was destroy
ed by fire to-day. The Richmond Female
Seminary was also damaged about $2000.
Insurance $25,000 on the church.
Inn Jiu tiding* Burned.
BINGHAMTON, N. V., Feb. 25.— The
four-story brick block occupied by the
Binghamtqn House-furnis.hing Company
and a building adjoining, occupied by
Babcock & Stowell, hardware dealers,
were burned this niorniug. Loss, $200,000;
insurance partial.
Maze, at Vallejo.
VALLEJO, Cal., Feb. 25.— A house
owned by Joseph B. Ford, and occupied
by Irene Davis, in the tenderloin district,
was destroyed by fire this evening. All
the furniture was lost. The loss is about
$2200, with $1000 insurance.
Spoiled. Contiderable Beer.
CHICAGO, 111., Feb. 25.— A tire in M.
Brand's brewery to-night spoiled a million
gallons of beer and damaged ttie building.
Loss $50,000.
A Foundry Burned.
CHICAGO, 111., Feb. 25.— The foundry
of the Krutz & Bubrer Company was de
stroyed by lire to-night. Loss, $90,000;
insured.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 26, 1896.
MEETING OF THE
BALL MAGNATES.
Completion of the Schedule
for the National
League.
POWER OF THE UMPIRES
It Is Increased So That Miscon
duct Can Be More Se
verely Punished.
FINES AND PROMPT EXPULSION
Disorderly Players Can Now Be
at Once Removed From
the Diamond.
NEW Y.ORK, N. V.. Feb. 25.— T* he an
nual spring meeting of the National League
of professional baseball clubs was brought
to a close to-night at the Fifth-avenue
Hotel.
The league schedule, the formation of
which is always the most important busi
ness of the spring or "schedule meeting,"
as it is generally known, was given out for
publication at a late hour. As a rule, the
Eastern clubs open the season in the East
and the Western clubs in the West.
In future umpires must immediately re
move from the game and field any player
guilty of improper or indecent conduct or
language, instead of having the option of
fining the offender as heretofore. With
regard to coachers or players leaving the
bounds of their positions, the umpire
shall, after the first warning, fine the
offender in a sum of not less than $5 nor
more than $10.
In case of a second violation, a fine of
$25 will be imposed, and for the third of
fense the umpire must positively order tne
player from the game and field.
President Hart of Chicago offered a reso
lution to dispense with the temple cup
series, but the motion waa not enter
tained.
The double umpire system was not dis
cussed, nor was the new member elected
on the board of arbitration.
The latter matter was laid over to the
next meeting of the league, which will be
held in Chicago some time in November.
The other business before the meeting
was of an unimportant nature and the
league adjourned at 5 o'clock.
The minor league magnates were much
perturbed over the action of the National
body in altering the National agreement
in such a manner as to impose new hard
ships on the minor organizations. There
was much bitter feeling among the repre
sentatives and a meeting was held during
the day to consider a course of action. It
was decided to postpone action until the
26th of March, when a meeting will be held
at Washington.
Under the new National agreement on
the aggregate population basis some of
the minor leagues will be forced into
lower classes than those in which they are
now classed.
BASEBALL AT STANFORD.
Juniors Defeated by the Sophomores in a
Ten- Inning Game — A Battle of
Pitchers.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Cal., Feb.
25. — The finest baseball game of the season
took place this afternoon on the campus
between the classes of '97 and '98, and was
won by the latter team. The work of both
pitchers was of the professional order, and
for ten innings the two men held out.
The eco re at the end of the tenth inning
was 11 to 7. Up to the seventh inning
the juniors haa the lead, but in that
inning the score was tied, and the excite
ment among the rival factions that lined
the diamond became intense. For two
innings after the seventh neither side
could score, but in the beginning of the
tenth the juniors became rattled and
threw wild, with the result that the sopho
mores tallied five times.
The infield did much better work than
the outfield. The battery work of both
nines was of a high order. The juniors'
battery consisted of Ruddell and Osgood,
while Whipple and Jeffs did work for the
sophomores. Two home runs were made,
one by Arnold and the other by Yonng.
The championship inter-class game
takes place Friday between the seniors
and the sophomores.
Z. A. W. COMMITTEES.
Announcement of Appointment* Made by
President Elliott.
BOSTON. Mass., Feb. 25. — President
Elliott of the L. A. W. has appointed the
following National committees:
Membership committee — Parker G. Reed,
Chillicothe, Ohio: W. A. Howeli. Rockville,
Conn.; Charles Culmore, Houston, Tex.
Rights and privileges committee— George L.
Coyke, Proviaence, R. T. ; Herbert W. Knight,
Newark, N. J.; Conway W. Sama, Baltimore;.
Rules and regulations committee— W. C.
Frelchenbach, Topeka, Kans.; F. Kostemlatsky,
Oskaloosa, Iowa; C. C. Monaghan, Santa Ana,
Cal.
Highway improvement committee— lsaac B.
Potter. New York; Otto Dorner, Milwaukee; A.
B. Choate, Minneapolis; W. A. Connelly, f>an
ville, 111.; Percy H. Richardson, Portland, Me.;
T. Wallace Sherwood, Indianapolis, Ind. ; G. R.
Richmond Parsons, Providence, R. I.
Transportation committee— George R. Bid
well, New York; H. C. Nickerson, Boston;
Hurley B. Avers, Chicago; A. R. Ed mis ton,
Lincoln, Nebr.
Racing board— George D. Gideon, Philadel
phia; H. W. Robinson, Boston; A. G. Batchel
der. New York; E. C. Croninger, Cincinnati;
Fred Gerlach, Chicago; D. \V. Robert, St. Louis;
R. M. Welch, San Francisco.
CORBETT IS HEFIANT.
Dare* Fitzsimmon* to Meet Him for
Any Sum.
CLEVELAND, Ohio. Feb. 25.— Upon
learning this evening Fitzsimmons' objec
tion to accepting the Bolingbroke Club's
$8000 offer on the ground that the amount
of the purse was too small, Corbett wired
Fitzsimmons a proposition to bet him as a
side stake any amount from $1000 up to
$100,000. Corbett said to-night:
"FiUsimmons' agreement to the second
postponement at El Paso resulted from
the decision of a 'jury' of sporting men.
A jury must decide if he is afraid to light
me or not, or if he has any sensible excuse
for not doing it. I don't think the size of
the purse or any side bet is being consid
ered by the Australian, because he knows
that all he will get out of the encounter
will be a good hard whipping and the
loser's end of the purae."
ARBACES LOSES AN EYE.
Seriout Misfortune to a Full Ilrother of
the ltacehorte litgga.
WOODLAND, Oal., Feb. 25.— Irvin
Diggs, who recently sold Button for $3000,
met with a streak of bad luck yesterday.
He has a yearling colt, a full brother to
Diggs and Sutton, which he calls Arbaces.
This youngster is a very valuable animal,
and is fully as promising as either of hia
older brothers. Yesterday Mr. Diggs
found that the colt had cut the ball of one
eye, and that sight had been destroyed.
In searching for the cause, he found a
strand of barbed wire three or four feet in
length stretched on the paddock fence at
one place. He has no doubt but that Ar
baces gouged his eye out on one of the
barbs. The injury may probably not in
terfere with the running qualities of the
colt, but it will certainly injure his sale.
Track Athletes of America.
NEW HAVEN, Conn., Feb. 25.— The
annual meeting of the Intercollegiate
Association of Track Athletes of America
will be held next Saturday. The session
Will be held at 2:30 o'clock in the Fifth
avenue Hotel, New York City. A number
of important amendments to the consti
tution have been proposed by mail to the
various colleges belonging to the associa
tion, and will be voted upon Saturday.
Gideon Accepts.
PHILADELPHIA. Pa.. Feb. 25.— A dis
patch received by a L. A. W. official from
Boston to-day stated that President Ellioct
of the L. A. W. bad received a letter from
George Gideon accepting Mr. Elliott's
proffered appointment to the racing board
chairmanship under conditions.
EXPELLED FIIOM. THE BOARD.
A Wealthy Broker Who Carried on
'* Bucket-Shop " Dealings.
CHICAGO, III., Feb. 25.— H. M.Greene,
a wealthy broker who has been operating
on the Chicago Board of Trade for several
years, was expelled by the board of direc
tors of that institution to-day for violation
of the code against "bucket-shop"' deal
ings.
Mr. Greene responded to the summons
to appear for trial, and to the surpise of
the directors pleaded guilty to the charge.
Evidence was taken, however, to sustain
the charge. When Mr. Greene was cited
to appear for trial on the same charge two
months ago he showed tight by securing a
temporary injunction against the direc
tors, but the writ was dissolved recently.
Objtct* to Htar* and Tiara.
KANSAS CITY, Mo., Feb. 25.— General
Joe Shelby, United States Marsnal of this
city, opposes the paradeof ex-Confederates
in gray uniform with the stars and bars
and the G. A. R., in national uniform in
New York City July 4 next, for the patriotic
reason that there is but one flag in the
United States, and that is the stars and
stripes. The colors of the Confederacy, he
holds, were buried in Appomattox.
Edgar -Y//e'« -funeral.
ASHEVILLE, N. C, Feb. 25. — The
funeral services of the late Edgar Wilson
Nye were held at noon to-day at the Cal
vary Episcopal Church, near Fletchers.
The services were conducted by Rev. H.
H. Phelps, assisted by Rev. ThomasWet
more. The grave is beneath a large white
pine and beside that of Mr. Nye's child.
Mrs. Nye was unable to attend the funeral.
Strangled in the Wood*.
APPLETON, N. J., Feb. 25.— Nellie John
son, the beautiful daughter of S. R. John
son, a wealthy farmer of this place, was
found by her sister this afternoon in the
woods near her home strangled to death.
A tramp is supposed to be the murderer.
TRAGEDY AT SACRAMENTO
Suicide of a Man Who Feared
That His Reason Was
Tottering.
Lefi a Letter In Which He Declared
That He Preferred Death to
the Asylum.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Feb. 25.— D. J.
Brooks, who for several years past has
been connected with the firm of Hall,
Luhrs & Co., committed suicide this
afternoon by shooting himself in the
month with a revolver, the ball passing
out through the top of his head.
His body was discovered shortly after
ward by his landlady, Mrs. Menke, who
went to his room to deliver a telegram
which had come for him. It lay on a bed,
with a revolver clutched in the right hand.
In a pocket of his coat was the following
letter, addressed to the Coroner:
Friend George: My father and elder brother
both died In an insane asylum from soKening
of the brain In the last year. I am satisfied
that lam the next victim. 1 don't propose to
die in any asylum. I shall cut the Gordian
knot and fly to the ills we know not of. Yours,
Brooks.
The deceased leaves a widow and child,
the latter being a protege of Mrs. Green,
mother of Will S. Green of the Colusa Sun,
in whose family she resided for years. For
the last six months Mrs. Brooks has been
in poor health.
She has been visitinc in Colusa County,
and a few days ago her husband received
a letter from her which he claimed con
tained bad news. This missive is probably
in some way connected with the cause of
his committing suicide.
Mr. Brooks was a prominent member of
the Masonic fraternity and served with
distinction during the late war. Mrs*
Brooks is a superior woman, highly edu
cated and refined.
CAPTAiy ORE EX'S SATE.
Reduced to the Jianha for Conduct Vn-
becoming an Officer.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Feb. 25.— The
examination' into the charges against
Anthony Green, captain of police, was re
sumed this evening before the Board of
City Trustees. But little new evidence
that had material bearing on the subject
was introduced.
At the conclusion of the 'evidence the
board found by a vote of 5 to 3 that Cap
tain Green had* been guilty of conduct un
becoming an officer, and ordered that he
be reduced to the ranks and suspended
from duty on the force for a period of six
months.
8 ANT A CRVZ ACCIDBXT.
Three Women Seriously Injured in a
Hunaxcay Collision.
SANTA CRUZ, Cal., Feb. 25.-A runa
way accident that occurred at Sequel late
this afternoon may prove fatal. Mrs.
W. H. Truman, Mrs. George French and
Mrs. Charles Crabb were driving down
the Daubenbiss hill, when their team be
came frightened at a bicycle, ran into
town and collided with a standing but'gy.
Their equipage was overturned, "pinning
the three women underneath. Mrs. French,
an old lady, sustained a bad scalp wound
and is believed to have been injured in
ternally. The others were cut on face and
head, and while not in a dangerous condi
tion Mrs. Truman is very badly injured.
Tncoma Child Abducted.
TACOMA, Wash., Feb. 25.— Julia, the
five-year-old daughter of Nels Bladd, dis
appeared yesterday afternoon at 4 o'clock
after starting home from a schoolhouse
but a few blocks away. Tiie circumstances
indicate an abduction. The entire police
and detective force is searching for the
child.
Carson Witness Sent to Jail.
CARSON, Niv., Feb. 25.— Joseph Lan
gevin, who has been the principal witness
in the Mint cases, was to-day sentenced to
imprisonment In the County Jail for thirty
days or a tine of $60, for using obscene
language on the street.
SANTA BARBARA
FRAUDS EXPOSED.
Professional Beggars Who
Have Been Enriched by
Charity.
SOLD THE DONATIONS.
Gifts From Philanthropic Citi
zens Disposed of in
Other Cities.
LIVED IN LUXURIOUS STYLE.
Profligacy of the Seemingly Penniless
Itinerants Revealed by an
Investigation.
SANTA BARBARA, Cal., Feb. 25.— A
trio of as sleek professional beggars as
ever traded upon the sympathy of a com
munity has been operating among the
upper circles of Santa Barbara society for
the past five months. The fraud they
have practiced hp.s just been uncovered,
and it is believed they have become hun
dreds of dollars richer through the mis
directed philanthropy of Santa Barbara
citizens.
An elderly French woman named Le
Febre with a putative daughter, Mrs. Rob
erts, a young woman of decidedly Scotch-
Irish cast, the latter's husband and four
young children, came to this city last fall.
Mrs. Le Febre professed to be looking for
French scholars to teach, although her in
dustry and gifts have been chiefly directed
in other directions.
Son-in-law Roberts was a civil engineer
who was sent to the World's Fair to run
an engine used with the captive scenic
balloon, but who has since been out of an
engagement, Mme. Le Febre everywhere
told a tale of poverty and woe, with the
result that charitable women united to
sustain the family, paying rent, sending
wagonloads of supplies of all sorts.donating
money and hiring a trained nurse to carry
the young woman through sickness, and
raising money to pay the passage of her
husband to Guatemala. With a house
overflowing with eatables and clothing and
comforts of every kind, donated by sympa
thizers, the old woman industriously
worked the city, going from person to per
son with her tale of distresa, and every
where receiving generous aid.
The extent of the woman's schemes has
just become known. She offered donated
garments for sale and shipped others to a
Stockton woman. She has assistants
working the country districts, gathering
food, groceries, clothing and money, the
same pitiful tale oi want being everywhere
repeated.
During the young woman's illness, it
was discovered, numerous trunks were
brought to them, already tilled with elabo
rate underwear and rich clothing, while
the grossest waste was going on within
the household, whole loaves of bread being
burned and preserves thrown away.
Interesting incidents could be recounted
of how the family spurned Mrs. Admiral
Harmon's best curtains; of how the kind
offur of Mrs. Gaty, wife of the manager of
the Arlington, to supply left-over meats
was taicen advantage of, with a written or
der for so much butter, sugar, tea, etc.; of
an honest little neighbor, the mother of a
family of children, the wife of a struggling
mechanic, obliged to deny her own little
ones butter upon their bread, but who was
imposed upon for loans of every sort to the
seemingly penniless family.
The community at last awoke, investi
gations were quietly conducted, and it was
proved that this family's operations in
Santa Barbara were but a repetition of
what has been carried on for years in other
places, notably Chicago anu San Francisco.
They were helped a^way from these cities
by people who wished to shirk the burden
of their support. They have been grow
ing rich upon the charity of others, and
now that they will be ejected from Santa
Barbara, some other unfortunate commu
nity will probably contribute to their bank
account.
SHU'MEXTS TO BTOCKTOX.
Expensive Millinery Jillla Paid Out of
Madame I .<• Febre'a Donation*.
STOCKTON, Cal.. Feb. 24.— Mrs. Sarah
Avey of 477 North Hunter street, in this
city, who has been accused of receiving
goods from Madame Le Febre and daugh
ter, the Santa Barbara swindlers, was seen
to-night by a Call correspondent.
Mrs. Avey promptly acknowledged an
acouaintanceship with the madame, but
when asked if she had been receiving any
goods from Santa Barbara, said :
"If there is anything wrong, I do not
want to get my friend in trouble."
Bhe was pressed for an explanation as to
her connections with the woman, and
said:
"Mrae, Le Febre is no kin to me, and
I became acquainted with her while she
was teaching French in this city. lam
a dressmaker, and she ordered several
dresses from my place.
"I never got a cent of money out of her
I in payment and accepted second hand
clothing, which I made over for my chil
dren. On the 10th of last December I was
surprised to receive a large sack filled with
dresses and other clothing which had been
worn, but was still quite valuable.
"A letter accompanied the box, and I
replied, thanking the madame for her kind
ness to me. I never asked her for the
clothing and did not even know where
i she had gone. On the 20th of January 1
| received another consignment. That is
positively all the goods I received."
Detective Oscar Marshall, who accom
panied the correspondent, asked to see the
clothing, and Mrs. Avey demanded by
I what authority he made the request. He
replied that it was at her own option to do
so, and that it was merely to give her an
opportunity to verify her statements.
The lady then exhibited several gar
ments which she said she had received
from the madame. She said she had
never asked for any of them, and that
they were all she got from the French
teacher for her work. Mrs. Avey has
resided here for some time with her sister,
and, in default of any further information
on the subject, the officers accept her story
as true. _____________
Seattle foreclosure Suit.
SEATTL.E, Wash., Feb. 25.— The Seattle
Safe Deposit ana Trust Company sued D.
H. Oilman, a capitalist and railroad
builder, in the Superior Court to-day to
foreclose a mortgage for $100,000 on real
estate in this city.
' NEW TO-DAY. 1
Mnnur" w^
JjH(J y h ®«S««<^S««®®«^S««S)«'s)S«<s)S>SKS>®^ >
YOU SEE THE CHARMING AND CLEVER GARMENTS.
£3£®SG*3®®®®&&®@®&3»B(d®®&3l&&a BF I ft Mr
YOU SEE THE PRICE,
if/
It's effect upon the sivell dressers of Frisco has been
S^^^^^ti en trip Ml t
NEED WE SAY MORE?
It's . a challenge to make our competitors
I PUT UP OR SHUT UP!
THEY HAVEN'T PUT UP,
But they have shut up. They haven't the
nerve to take $18. $17, $16 and $15 Suits
and Overcoats and mark 'em
WE HAVE, AND THE SALE ENDS IN A DAY OR SO.
RAPHAEL'S
(INCORPORATED).
ITHE FRISCO BOYSIEafg
9, 11, 13 and 15 Kearny Street;
34
BUNKOED SAN
JOSE INVALIDS
Dr. Luis Viscayo and His
Collection of Snakes
and Lizards.
METHODS OF A QUACK.
He Posed as a Helminthologist
and Was Enriched By the
Credulous.
SKILLED IN LEGERDEMAIN.
Sufferers Made to Believe That They
Had Been Cured of Mythical
Ailments.
SAN JOSE, Cat.., Feb. 25.— After two
years jf continuances the charge of prac
ticing medicine without a license against
1.-. Luis Viscayo was dismissed by Judge
l,orijran this morning on motion of the
District Attorney, as it seemed impossible
ire a conviction.
Dr. Viscayo came to this city about two
years ago from Mexico. He hung out a
gaudy sign with "Dr. Luis Viscayo, Eel
minthologist," upon it, and for a time
shekels rolled into his pockets, as he guar
anteed a cure or no pay. The doctor was
something of a legerdemainist, and after
giving his p;itients a dose of his cure-all lie
would produce a variety of angleworms
aiid small reptiles and felicitate tne patient
upon having severed relationship with the
collection. Some were inclined to doubt
the doctors word, but a second treatment
and a second addition to the menagerie
convinced them that what he said must be
true.
Viscayo was finally arrested on com
plaint of George Bellamy, who alleged
that the doctor had procured $10 from his
wife on false pretenses. Mrs. Bellamy al
leged that Viscayo had treated her little
son and that on one occasion lie exhibited
a handful of angleworms and tried to con
vince her they were miniature members of
the Bothrioeepbalus family with which the
boy had parted company. The doctor had a
small gopher-snake and many were the
sufferers who gazed upon the reptile and
shuddered at the thought of the close
companionship it had forced upon them
until they had met the man of science.
This snake was used only in the case of
rich patients, who usually paid handsome
fees, while their thankfulness lasted. For
months the doctor gave entire satisfaction
in every case.
After Viscayo's arrest the State Medical
Society was very active in his prosecution
for practicing medicine without a license.
It tried in every way to procure sufficient
evidence to convict ana now, after two
years of delays, the case has been dis
missed. The doctor left town some time
ago and is evidently practicing legerde
main in greener pastures.
EJECTED FROM HIS HOUSE.
Mrs. Robbins' Lover Objected to Her
Husband's Presence.
SAN JOSE, Cal, Feb. 25.— Antonio
Francisco Correa was arraigned before
Justice Dwyer to-oay on a charge of hav
ing won the affections of Mrs. Hesta Rob
bin* to such an extent that her husband is
no longer a welcome visitor at his house.
The complainant is J. R. Robbins, who
aJleges that Correa, who rooms at the
house, has supplanted him in his wife's
affections.
A week ago Correa ejected Robbins from
his own house. Correa's examination was
set for March 9. He was released on $250
bail.
THE HARROW CASE AGAIX.
Xew Move Made by the Special Counsel
for Eva Rose,
SAN JOSE, Cal., Feb. 25.— E. 8. Pills
bury, special counsel for Eva RoseJ3arron,
filed a notice in the Superior Court to-day
asking that George E. Barron, the con
testant of the will of bis father, the late
millionaire Edward Barron, deceased, be
compelled to answer the suit of Edward
Andrew liarron, the mulatto claimant, to
establish heirship.
Heroines an Insolvent.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Feb. 20.-Henry Book
sin Jr. to-day petitioned the Superior
Court to he declared an insolvent debtor.
Booksin has been engaged in the nursery
business and attributes his failure to the
frequent indorsement of note?. His lia
bilities consist of between $13,000 and
$14,000 in scattering debts. He has no
assets. The petition will be heard March 5.
funeral of Mrs. Worthington.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Feb. 25.— Mrs. Margaret
A. Worthington, a pioneer woman of this
valley, was buried from the home of her
husband, C. il. Worthington, on the
Stevens Creek road, this morning. She
settled in this valley in 1850. She was a
native of Missouri and 50 years of ace.
Tturglars Sentenced.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Feb. 25.— Frank At
wood, who pleaded guilty to looting the
store of M. C. Close, was this morning
sentenced to eighteen months in Folsom
by Judge lx)riean. Jose Rodriguez was
given two years in the same prison for
breaking into the Hoffman residence.
Charged With Insanity.
SAN JOSE, C. U , Feb. 25.-Josephine
Applestill, an aged Spanish woman resid
ing in Cottage Grove, was to-day charged
with insanity. She imagines other women
are trying to win her husband's affections
LARKIN HEIR FOUND AT VIENTO.
End of a Long Search for the Quartet
Entitled to the Estate of the
Californian.
PORTLAND, 0r.., Feb. 25.-After a
search extending over several months, and
during which time it was necessary to twice
traverse almost the whole United States the
fourth missing heir to the William Lar'kin
estate in California has just been discov
ered near Viento, Or., in the Cascade
Mountains. A local paper prints a story
to the effect that the search for the
rightful heirs of Larkin has ended,
and that the lawyers engaged in the
case will make a hot fight to estab
lish the claims of the heirs, three of whom
»re in Ohio. Their names are Frances
William R. and Mary E. Fox, children of
Larkin's sister, who married a soldier
named Fox at St. Louis.
It is stated by a man who worked up the
case that one of the heirs in the East is of un
sound mind, and tbe Oregon heir is also un
balanced from a bullet-wound in the head,
received in the army. One of the girls in
Ohio is mentally unsound, and it is on this
point that the probate of the Larkin will will
be fought, as there is a law in California to
the effect that if no contest is made within
a year's time the will of decedent shall
stand, excepting in cases of infant heirs or
persons of unsound mind, who have a
claim to the estate. Now thru Larkin's
nieces and nephews have been discovered
steps will be taken at once to contest the
probate of the will and establish the claim
of the four heirs.
Larkin died two years ago, leaving all his
wealth to stranaers. His sister's children
are his only kin so far as known.
MARIN COUNTY CANDIDATES.
A Lively Campaign for the Supervisorship
Begun — Many Aspirants for
the Honor.
SAUSALITO, Cal., Feb. 25.— The poli
Heal battle for Supervisor from the south-
em part of Marin County is assuming
rather a peculiar aspect on account of the
unusually large number of aspirants for
the position. Even the political leaders
seem confused.
The incumbent, Jacob Gardner, says
that he is undecided whether to run again
or not, but he is generally considered a
candidate for nomination.
AVheerler Martin, the postmaster at
Eastland, in Mill Valley, has expressed a
desire for the position. Commodore Har
rison of Sausalito is a likely candidate.
Mill Valley has another man in the per
son of J. H. Mclnnes, formerly a contrac
tor in San Francisco.
Mr. Mclnnes has publicly stated that he
intends to place liis name before the Re
publican convention. In fact, the Repub
licans are the only ones in the field thus
far, although A. Sylvais believed to be the
choice of the few Democratic voters in the
southern part of the county.
The question of whether" the school ap
propriation should be raised sufficiently
to keep the imtrtfc schools open longer
than eight niontfcs out of every twelve is
the main issue upon which the light is to
be made, although the question'of eood
roads is considered very important.
As 10 Superior Judne there appears
to be no opposition to Frank M. Angelotti.
j He has occupied, the position of District
i Attorney for four years and that of Supe
j rior Judge for six years. The Battle is be
ing fought for the position of Supervisor,
j.and on account of the multiplicity of
. aspirants there is considerable feeling be
! ing shown.
FRESNO ELECTION FRAUDS
Corrupt Methods of Candidates
May Be Aired in a Suit
at Court.
George W. Smith's Race for the
Shrievalty and His Promises to
a Supporter.
FRESNO, Cal., Feb. 25.— A suit on ap
peal from the Justice's Court, now being
heard in Judpe Carter's department" of the
Superior Court here, involves some ques
tions of great delicacy, in which George
W. Smith, the Democratic candidate for
Sheriff of this county, is the defendant,
Judge W. D. Crichton the go-between and
Jacob Hocken berry the plaintiff.
The suit is to recover $242, with interest
since the campaign of 1894.
In that year of Democratic disasters
Smith was the candidate of his party
against Jay Scott, the present Sheriff of
Fresno County. Hocken berry had some
surplus money, which he "loaned" to the
defendant to help him out.
Smith acknowledges that he got some
money from the plaintiff, but did not re
gard it as a loan and never Intended to
pay it back.
Crichton, who negotiated the "loan,"
went on the stand to-day to tell what he
knew about the transaction.
He at first declined to testify, on the
grounds that his testimony might incrim
inate himself, but wa» prevailed upon by
the court to make his statement. Rein g a
lawyer, his testimony was exceedingly
guarded.
He admitted, however, that he received
money from Hockenberry and gave it to
Smith, and when questioned as to whether
thero was an implied or expressed promise
of official reward in case Smith was'elected,
said there was no promise, but it was un
derstood that Smith would grant a deputy
ship to any one lie (the witness) might
designate.
The case is attracting a creat deal of at
tention among local politicians. Whether
it will be concluded without betraying a
felonious disregard cf ihe purity of the
elections act by the parties concerned, is
problematical.
1-RESHO'S lIAIiJUT DRIVE.
Corral and JFentes Jiuilt Preparatory to
the Slaughter.
FRESNO, Cal., Feb. 25.— The great
rabbit drive and slaughter planned for
next Saturday a few miles west of this
city promises to attract people for scores
of miles in every direction.
A carral has been built and two lines of
lath-fe:icing stretches at an acute angle
from this pen for miles. Men on horse
back have been scouring the country, giv
inc instructions and orders for the event.
These drives often result in the slaugh
ter of thousands of jack rabbits. The
pests are said to be more numerous than
in any previous year, and in consequence
and immense killing is predicted.
The drives are conducted by mounted
officers, who require military precision and
promptness of action. Neither dogs nor
guns are permitted. Clubs are the only
weapons and the army of "rushers" is al
ways afoot.
BBOUOHT SACK FROM TALLEJO.
San Francisco Toung Girls Jtetcued From
Two Outcasts.
VALLEJO, Cal., Feb. 2o.— F. A. Hol
brook of San Francisco, special officer for
the prevention of cruelty to children, came
up to Vallejo this morning and returned
this afternoon, having under his charge
two young girls named Ella Burke and
Florence Gifford, who, through the mis
representations of a woman known as
"Tillie" Hill, came here Saturday evening
presumably to secure employment in a
restaurant.
Instead they were enticed into a dis
orderly house, from which they were res
cued late Saturday night and placed in a
hotel until friends could arrive from San
Francisco. The proprirtor of the house,
William Collins, is under arrest. He and
the woman will be prosecuted to the ex
tent of the law.
The Hill woman decamped on Monday
afternoon, but is expected to be brought
back to Vallejo to-morrow morning for
trial. The young girls were inveigled here
through an advertisement in a City paper
calling for help in a country hoteJ."
T.oot a Hvrrmore Store.
LIVERMORE, Cal., Feb. 25.— Burglars
entered the large grocery and -hardware
store of George Beck & Co. last night.
They secured about a dozen pocket-knives
and a few dollars in change that had been
left in the money-drawer. No attempt
was made to open the safp. It is believed
that the burglars became frightened while
at work, as they left their entire kit of
tools scattered about tbe office floor.
Take Rational Cabk of Vocr Cold at Oxce,
by using Dr. D. Jayne's KxpectOrant, and you will
save much worry and TPnd,er less likely the devel
opment of a dangerous Throat or Lung Disease.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 26, 1896.
MISSION VALLEY
SACHEM DEAD
Aged Chief Gil Loses His
Life in a Brush
Blaze.
HEMMED IN BY FIRE.
Indian Companions Say That the
Old Man Could Not Fight
His Way Out.
THEIR STORY IS DOUBTED.
San Diego's Coroner Suspects Foul Play
and Will Investigate the
Tragedy.
SAN DIEGO, Cat,., Feb. 25.— Chief Gil,
at the head of a small raneheriaof Indians
living in Mission Valley, was burned to
death to-day a few miles north of the city.
He had been engaged with his son and two
other men at grubbing a piece of land.
They piled the brush in long rows, and
Chief Gil in some manner became sur
rounded by the fire before ho knew it.
Being aged and infirm, lie did not have
the strength to fight his way out. This is
the story as told by the other Indians, who
went to the village of Morena and informed
the ranchers there.
Coroner Johnson went out and viewed
the scene and secured the body, bringing
it to the city this evening. As he was
passing through Old San Diego he was al
most mobbed by a lot of Indians and
Mexicans, who insisted on keeping the
body of the chief at Old Town.
The Coroner finally managed to get
away from the crowd, and brought the
body to the morgue. It is black and un
recognizable, the flesh being completely
cooked, and a hasty examination failed to
show anything suspicious in the manner
of death.
Coroner Johnson, however, said that the
quantity of brush seemed so small that he
could not understand how the chief had
been burned unless he had been prevented
by others. An inquest will be held to
morrow morning.
*
SA.Ji I> I EGO'S WELCOME.
Preparing a T>enton*t ration in Honor of
J'rince I.uigi.
SAN DTEGO, Cal., *eb. 25.— The Italian
cruiser Cristoforo Colombo, now at San
Francisco, will arrive in this port on Fri
day, March t>, and will remain here three
days.
The cruiser will be met outside by the
Silver Gate Boat Club, comprising a fleet
of thirty-five yachts, schooners and
launches, and will be escorted by the fleet
into the narbor in honor of Prince Louis of
Savoy.
During his stay the Prince will be ten
dered a banquet, and ball, to be given by
the Italian citizens.
An International boat race has been
arranged and several other exciting water
events are on the tapis, among them an
ocean yacht race and a long-boat barge
race between the crews trom the Philadel
phia, Monterey, Thetis, Colombo and the
Naval Battalion.
SAX HI EGO RECEIVERSHIP.
Custody of the California Xational Bank
Transferred.
SAN DIEGO, Cal., Feb. 25.— The re
ceivership of the California National
Bank, held by F. N. Pauly for several
years, has been turned over to Receiver
O'Connor of the Consolidated Bank. The
transfer, it is reported, is marie in the in
terests of economy, .as one receiver can at
tend to the affairs of both banks.
A telegram was received to-day by Re
ceiver O'Connor stating that the suit in
stituted by Receiver Pauly to recover on
the bonds of Collins and Dare, late presi
dent and vice-president of the California
National, hart been decided in New York
judgment being rendered for $33,000 in
favor of the bank.
POIXT WILSOX WRECKERS.
It Is Believed the Stranded Kilbrannau
Hill lie Floated To-day.
PORT TOWNSEND, Wash., Feb. 25.-
Unless some unforeseen accident occurs
tne British ship Kilbrannan will be afloat
to-morro*, after lying a prisoner in the
sands at Point Wilson lighthouse since
February 6.
A large force of scrapers has removed the
sand that accumulated to seaward, and to
day, with the use of the vessel's own cap
stans, Jt was moved seven feet seaward.
All conditions are favorable, and at 4
o'clock the Puget Sound Tug Company's
fleet will hook onto the Kilbraunan for
a pull.
In event of the effort proving successful
the Kilbrannan will be towed to the
Quartermaster Harbor drydock for re
pairs. Enormous wrecking pumps have
been aboard for a week and will keep the
vessel afloat on the trip up the sound.
THE SAXTA CRUZ TURXFEST.
Date* Announced and the Programme
of Krents Arranged.
SANTA CRUZ. Cal., Feb. 25.— The
Turn Verein preparing for the annual
coast Turnfest to be held here decided
upon August 8, 9 and 10 as tbe dates,
which must be approved by the Turn
Bezirk. It is not likely that that body,
which has superior control, will change
the date.
A programme has been selected as fol
lows :
Saturday, August B— Arrival of all the Ger
man societies of the State; parade; reception
Sunday. August 9— Gymnastic exercises and
contests for prizes; evening, tjrand concert.
Monday, August 10— Games and contests for
gymnastic prizes; evening, grand ball and
distribution of prizes.
Tuesday, August 11— General socinl jinks
with picnics, drives, lunches and adieux.
Santa Cruz Carnival Committees.
SANTA CRUZ. Cal., Feb. 25.— The ex
ecutive committee of the Carnival Asso
ciation to-night appointed Lieutenant-
Governor Jeter of Santa Cruz and Maurice
Newman of 105 Front street, San Fran
cisco, as a committee on transportation
with power to act. Lieutenant-Governor
Jeter was named as chairman of the
programme committee.W. H. Lamb of the
committee on grounds, Judge Logan of
the Superior Court of the committee on
illuminations, Charles Kay of the com
mittee on river dam and H. C. Hyues of
the committee on music.
Tueaon Copper Mine Bonds.
TUCSON, Ariz., Feb. 25.-Tfae Rosemont
mine, a valuable copper mining property
near Tucson, was bonded yesterday, after
six months' negotiation, to Lewisohn
tfros. of rsew York, well-known operators
m copper. They will commence work
with a heavy force at once. Lewisohn
Bros, lately bought the Old Dominion at
Globe for $4,500,000. The bond on the
Kosemo nt expires in four months.
! -rrurslonisls Visit San. Diego.
SAN DIEGO, Cal., Feb. 25.— Eleven
carloads of Eastern excursionists arrived
this morning. One train of six cars brings
a Raymond and "Whitcomb party, and a
Pennsylvania Railway Company excur
sion party of five cars makes up the re
mainder. There are about GOO persons in
the two parties, both direct from Pittfburg,
for a Greater Tucson.
TUCSON, Aeiz., Feb. 25.— The Tucson
Chamber of Commerce, the first body of
its kind in the history of ihe town, was oi
ganized last night and officers elected.
The object is to deal with all questions
upon which depend the growth of the
town. Four-hiths of the business men are
members of the new organization.
Death of a Vallejo Veteran.
VALLEJO, Cal., Feb. 25.— John Ryan,
a prominent Grand Army man, died
to-day after a short illness and will be
buried here under the auspices of the
Grand Army of the Republic.
UNITED IN GAY GOTHAM.
Marriage of Miss Carrie D. Huntington to
Edmund Burke Holladay of
This City.
NEW YORK, N. V., Feb. 25.— Mr. and
Mrs. Collis P. Huntington's new residence,
at the southeast corner of Fifth avenue
and Fifty-seventh street, which was taken
possession of by its owner only a few days
ago, was this afternoon the scene of the
wedding of Mr. Huntington's niece, Miss
Carrie D. Huntington. daughter of the late
Solon Huntington, to Mr. Edmund Burke
Holladay of San Francisco.
The white and siold Louis XV salon,
where the marriage ceremony was per
formed, was handsomely decoraced with
flowers. The Rev. Dr. Frank Clendenin,
rector of S.t. Paul's Church, was the offici
ating clergyman.
The bride, who was given away by her
uncle, wore heavy white satin ornamented
with point lace. Her veil was of tulle,
and it was confined to the coiffure by a
wreath of orange blossoms and some
handsome diamonds, presents from Mr.
Holladay and Mr. Huntington.
There were neither bridesmaids nor
ushers.
A seated breakfast, served in the dining
room, followed the ceremony. Included
among the guests were A. M. Hunting
ton, Dr. and Mrs. William B. Coley,
Mrs. Solon Huntington (mother of
the bride), H. S. Huntington, Mrs.
Lathrop, George Parsons Lathrop, Mrs.
John Sherwood, Edwin Hawley, Miss
Lucy Gaylor. Mrs. Holladay. mother of
the groom; Miss Requa of California; Miss
Edith Saunders and Miss Anne Saunders
of Lawrence, Mass.: Lieutenant Cresapa
of Norfolk, Va. ; Mrs. Frank Cendenin
of Westchester and Judge Ord of Wash
ington.
Independent Agencies.
CHICAGO, 111., Feb. 25.— The receivers
of the St. Louis and San Francisco Road
announced to-day that after March 1 next
they would establish independent aeencies
at. Chicago, Cincinnati, New York and
Pittsburg.
The New York agent is W. L. Van Nest,
H. B. Franklin at Cincinnati, and 0. M.
Conley at Pittsbu rg. This action indi
cates that the receivers have decided to
operate the road independently of the
Santa Fe interests.
From the time the Santa Fe went into
the hands of the Federal court a faction of
the San Francisco stockholders has been
insisting on a severance of relations with
the big system, claiming that profit would
result, and tins view seems 10 have been
adopted by the receivers since the judicial
saie of the Santa Fe property.
TAILORS ORGANIZE.
All Branches of the Trade Stand for
Better Treatment.
The garment-makers of this City are
organizing a strong protective trades
union, the power of which will be felt in
the near future. Three weeks ago twenty -
hve tailors Ueld a preliminary meeting and
decided to form a union. The tailors met
again last evening, but instead of twenty
five there were 125 or more present.
Samuel Schwartz was selected as chair
man and H. Stark was selected as secre
tary. At present J. Goodman is the organ
izer.
The union will be permanently or
ganized as soon as it receives its charter
Philip Lee Bush, Son of Colonel 11. P. Bush, Who Has Just Been Appointed Aid
de-Camp on the Staff of Governor Budd, With Hank of Lieutenant-Colonel.
[From a photograph.]
from the International Garment-workeTs'
Union, the headquarters of which is in
New York. Then a full board of officers
will be elected.
T. F. Burns and Mr. Milne, the organiz
ing committee of the Trades Council, were
present ana urged the tailors to form a
strong union and affiliate with the other
labor organizations.
I. Masomck made a strong address, in
which he said the union will include all
branches of garment-workers — vest-mak
ers, pantaloon-makers, coat-makers and
helpers.
More than that, women will be admitted
into the union upon an equal footing with
the men, and a stand will be taken to see
that their hours are reduced from fourteen
to eight. More than that, their wages
will be increased the same as the men's. At
present all are working for only sufficient
to keep body and eotil together, he said,
and an open demand for better and more
humane treatment will not result in any
thing worse. His remarks were received
with approval.
CLAIM TO SANTA
BARBARA LAND
James McMahon's Story Is
Investigated at the
Mission.
PORTIONS ARE PROVED.
A Brother of the Claimant
Found to Have Lived at
the Monastery.
CAME WEST IN THE SIXTIES.
The Records Show That He Had
Commenced to Study for the
Priesthood.
SANTA BARBARA, Cal., Feb. 25. -The
claim of James McMahon to the property
of the old Santa Barbara Mission, now
valued at 115,000,000, may not be as un
founded as Father lieguarius and his as
sociates at the old n<onastery intimated
yesterday. McMahon had stated that his
brother John, an ex-priest and inmate of
the monastery years ago, had obtained title
to all the mission property; that the title
was still vested in his name and that he
could advance ample proof to support his
present claim to f.his vast church estate.
Yesterday Father Reguarius denied that
any one by the name of McMahon had
ever been an inmate of the monastery.
It seems that he and the venerable Father
Forbes had relied entirely upon their
memory. They decided to-day to verify
their statement by a search of the records,
and the result proved they were in error
in making 1 the declaration they did.
The records show that in 18(53 and 1864
John McMahon was actually present, not
as a priest, but as a lay-brother of the
Franciscan order. He is now recalled as a
man of about 40 years of age, who desired
to enter the priesthood but became dis
couraged on account of the severe course
of study required and his already ad
vanced years.
He did not speak Spanish, the prevail
ing language of the locality at that time,
and was never interested in any way in
the property of the mission. The father
states that McMahon was one of six who
arrived at the same time from Brooklyn,
N. V., where they had some disagreement
with Bishop Laughlin.
The discovery of these facts corroborates
James McMafron's statement, published
in last Sunday's Call, in all but the very
important claim that he is the rightful
owner of the mission property.
BUDD'S NEWAID-DE-CAMP
Philip Lee Bush, Son of Colonel
H. P. Bush, Appointed by
the Governor.
Now Senior Captain of the University
Battalion — Long Connected
With the N. G. C.
Governor Budd has appointed Philip
Lee Bush as aid-de-camp on his staff with
rank of Lieutenant-Colonel.
The new aid, who is the son of Colonel
H. P. Bush, is a native of San Francisco.
He is quite a promising young soldier and
tactician, standing high in his military
| and engineering studies at the State Uni
i versity, from which he will graduate this
j spring.
He has been for several years connected
i with the National Guard, "was a cadet cor
; poral in the famous High School Cadets
I subsequently transferred to Company H*
I First Infantry, where he served as corporai
I and sergeant, and as sergeant-major on the
I staff of his father.
He is at present senior captain of the
University Battalion, and his appointment
is another remembrance on the part of the
Governor of the claims of his alma mater
A VITICULTURAL DISPLAY.
It Will Be a Feature of the Board of
Trade Exhibit.
The viticultural display at the new-
State Board of Trade rooms at 16 Post
street will be upon a grander scale than
erer before, because it will to some extent
be under the care of the n«w Viticultural
College. When the old State Viticultural
Commission went out of existence on the
lirst of the year the college arose from the
ashes of the defunct State institution.
The members of the old commission and
many prominent wine-makers and '.>isin
growers of the State are moving spirits in
! the new corporation. After turning over
the property belonging to the State the
i members of the commission still retained
i the library, which is conceded to beorie of
. the best, if not the best, on subjects of the
vine of any in the world.
At the last meeting of the State Board
of Trade a committee from the Viticultural
I College made a request for sufficient space
|in the Post-street quarters where the
library could be installed and the wine
men have an office and a general ren
j dezvous for all visiting vitieulturists. A
j committee consisting- of Messrs. Irish, Lc
long and Manager J. A. Filcher was ap
pointed to look into the proposition. The
committee found that their general display
j of Stare products will be largely increased
| by the viticuitural display that will be
aaded by the college. The" latter body will
make a larce display of wines, raisins,
grapes and everything pertaining to that
department. The Board of Trade has al
ready a large quantity of these products
and with those coming the projected dis
play will be the largest ever made of the
vine products of this State.
SPRING VALLEY SECRETS
Max Popper Says Supervisors
Fell Repeatedly Through
Bribes.
Discussion on Public Ownership by
the Union far Practical
Progress.
The Union for Practical Progress met
last evening at 621 O'Farrell street and
heard James S. Reynolds and Morrison I.
Swift talk upon "municipal ownership."
Mr. Reynolds said he was against mu
nicipal ownership unle£3 it could be done
by taking the ground rent to pay for it, be
cause if the principle resulted in a saving,
the landlord only would receive the bene
fit. Better water service, just like better
streetcar service, he held, would simply
raise the rent. Consumers of water would
gain nothing, while the owners of the land
would.
Mr. Swift said that public ownership
could be secured through a political and
social organization. The people should
unite on a broad basis to bring about a
social revolution peacefully, and it that
we^e not done Mr. Swift feared the revo
lution wouli come with bloodshed. The
desired end could not be gained by the
single tax. in which he declared there was
not one-tenth the interest as there was in
socialism in America.
Mr. Hansborough of Castroville stated
by request that a proposition had been
made to supply San Francisco with 21,
--, 000.000 to 36,000,000 gallons of water daily
I from Castroville for $7, 500,000. This in
! eluded plant, pipes and delivery of the
j water. The amount now paid to the water
! company by the City would in ten years
i pay off the bonds on' this estimated sum
and the City would have free water be
sides. The plant could be operated for 10
j per cent of what the Spring Valley Com
pany claims to expend in that direction.
Max Popper was present in the role of
listener, but the chairman asked him for
j an opinion on the question of municipal
ownership.
"I agree with the gentlemen, that this
City should have its own water works," he
said. "I have studied all these questions
i from a practical point of view — I have no
| time for theorizing. So I can only present
| practical views on the practical question
! of Kan Francisco owning its own water
' works.
"The water rates of this City are un
questionably higher than in any other
city of the United States, excepting New
Orleans, where, I understand, they are
about equal to ours. New Orleans suffers
from private ownership.
"The greatest temptation to the Board
of Supervisors has come from the Spring
Valley Company. It should be removed
from tne local legislative body. Time and
again we have elected men upon their
pledges that they would perform their
duty to the people, and they fell under
this temptation.
"The Spring Valley "Water Company
ljas watered its stock to an extent out of
all reason. The worfcs never cost so much
as it claims. In its statement to the Su
pervisors we are informed that some
twenty odd millions are invested in the
works. In the Assessor's statement the
total amount is somewhere between one
and two millions.
"For practical purposes we may say
$1,500,000. This clearly indicates tha'tthey j
are not telling the truth. The City should
b&T6 bought the water works from the j
Spring Valley Company years ago, but
now, with watered stock and fictitious
values placed upon the property, purchase
is out of the question.
"If the gentleman from Castroville can
supply the City for $7,500,000 it is a reve- ;
lation, and I for one am certainly in favor ■
of giving this question support. lam in ■
favor of San Francisco owning its own i
waterworks." I
MR. DAVID WAGNER.
FRESNO, Cal., Feb. 21.-I have scarcely .been six hours in Fresno vet I can
report a big success for the Caiifornian remedy.. While in one of theTacW dru
.tores of thwcity I met Mr. David Wagner. He ha . been usineJov's Ve etabfe
Sarsaponlla and he tells me that much of his robustness is due to this great vefetab
medicine. He assured me that he was in poor health a few months aJ" nd readme
some of our advertisements he decided to try the remedy. The meS c wtked lie
a charm. His bowels soon Decanie regular, the coatine of'hiT tanT, S™ w °™ea "««
he felt better and better every day Said he "I woufd o ftZ ?£? disappeared and
S^JS^SS ~ Saia^r^h^d ™££»Z
nU^VZf^^l^-J^*?^ 00 *- medicine. Many people using blood
Wemfshea^ lean T^i?r tS ♦ f^" ?r nd body all COVered with blood spots, pimples and
marks and it £,p, ?t y J ° y s Ve S e^ble Sarsaparilla brings out no bad blood
mattm and her r, °i °v ' X SaW a lady who had ' used the remedy ; for rheu
without trrfn - to ,h ?f f m haS l6ft her - •If the dr t S here continue to sell Joy',
for JovVvelKh. 5U^ 3tltUte '. a 8 some druggists do in Fresno, you will have a big sale
druS t ? s Sf t^ rSa n P f a & thl - Sprlnß> There ought to be some way to prevent
SaSSllai^ 8 ; 0f , Course - int^« P«o P le will find out that Joy's Vegetable
to make hem HI. beat '. and when they d « find it out for themselves no one. will beable
( to make them take a substitute for the native remedy. HENRY TILLMAK.
NOW FOR A MOCK TRIAL
Society Is on Tiptoe in Regard
to the Latest Heralded
Event.
FOE THE MERCANTILE LIBRARY
Bright Legal Luminaries, Beautiful
Ladies and All Social Favorites to
Participate in the Benefit.
Society has declared for a mock trial of
Uncle George Bromley.
There are but few entertainments got np
b>' society people that will induce more
laughter in the same amount of time than
a mock trial, particularly when the par
ticipants are well known in the community
and the trial is conducted by some of the
most brilliant members of the legal pro
fession, men noted for their bon mots, wit
and quicknes? at repartee.
There will be such a treat at the hall of
the Native Sons on Mason street, between
Post and Geary, on the evening of Friday
next for the benefit of the Mercantile
Library, and as the participants will be of
the best known people of the City it will
prove an event that will attract an audi
ence which will crowd the hall to its
capacity.
£x-Judge Robert Ferral, one of the
princes of bohemia whose wit is always
appreciated by those whose pleasure it has
been to listen to him, has volunteered to
nil the dignified office of judge.
Genial William S. Barnes, the talented
District Attorney whose legal acumen
equals that of the general, his father, will
be the senior counsel in the prosecution of
the venerable promoter of mirth, George T.
Bromley. "Uncle George" is to be
tried uron a complaint preferred by
the Widow O'Grady, who for the occasion
will be personated by Mrs. Edna Snell-
Poulson, whose well-known talent is a
guarantee that she will most admirably
portray the character she is to assume.
In the prosecution Mr. Barnes will be
assisted or embarrassed as occasion may
present itself by Edgar G. Peixotto.
The defendant will be represented by
Milton S. Eisner of established reputation
for quickness of retort, aa well as lor other
line qualifications.
William Greer Harrison will, for this oc
casion, officiate as cleric of the court, and
in the discharge of his functions he will
have an opportunity to exhibit his ability
to formulate strange and unconventional
oaths, to be administered to the wiiness
who will be examined.
Harry Wilson, who is also a quick
witted gentleman, will act as shorthand
reporter and do his best to misquote and
otherwise misrepresent the testimony of
the witnesses. In the discbarge of the
duties he has been assigned to be will have
an opportunity to make humorous side re
marks.
The witnesses summoned are celebrated
as gifted amateurs, amone the number
being Cuvellier, Vincent, Sweeney. Ros
borough and Miss Kavanaugh, all of whom
were witnesses at the recent mock trial in
Oakland.
The jnry will not be drawn from the
County at large, but will be selected from
among the prominent meiabers of the Bo
hemian CJnb. Some of those already
drawn are: Porter Ashe, Jere Lynch (the
Egyptian author) and Loins Schloss. The
others will be equally well known.
"UNION LEAGUF -. CLUB.
It Will Give a Reception to the Repub
lican State Central Committee.
The board of directors of the Union
League Club held a meeting yesterday,
which wa* well attended. Some twenty
new members were admiitcd, and it was
stated that many more persons were anx
ious to join.
It was decided to informally receive the
members of the Republican State Central
Committee next .Saturday evening. Tnece
are over li.'O members of the committee,
and it is expected that the reception will
be an interesting affair. There will be
speeches, music and a cold collation.
The committee on political action for the
TTniori League Club will also meet on Sat
urday night to effect a permanent organi
zation.
The Wong Sam Case.
Wong Sam, charged with conspiracy in
connection with the unlawful landing of
Chinese Rirls at this port, will have his
preliminary examination before Commissioner
lieacock to-day.
JSloped Jf'roni Jloseburg,
ROSEBURG, Or., Feb. 25.— R. B.
Mathews, under $5000 bonds to appear be
fore the Grand Jury for having wronged
Miss Grace Smith, eloped with her last
night. At noon a teiegram was received
announcing their marriage at Vancouver
"Wash.
r:NARROW ESCAPE
OF THE QUEEN
The Steamer Was in Col
lision With the Bark
Strathdon.
HAPPENED ON THE BAY
Captain Green and His Lookouts
Could Not See Ten Feet
Ahead.
A VERY DENSE FOG PREVAILED
Owing to Detention for Necessary
Repairs the Damages Will
Amount to $50,000.
The terrible fatality which accompanied
the collision between the Occidental and
Oriental Steamship Company's Oceanic
The Steamer Queen and the British Bark Strathdon in Collision Off Lombard-Street Wharf Yesterday Morning. The Starboard Side of the Steamer From the Bridge to
the After-House Was Almost Dismantled. The Bark Lost Her Bowsprit and Headgear.
and the Pacific Coast Steamship Com
pany's City of Chester about eight years
ago wa3 vividly recalled yesterday. It
was just such another morning and just
about the same time of the year, The fog
on each occasion was so ttiick that the
lookout could not see ten feet ahead.
When the Pacitic Coast Steamship Com
pany's crack steamer Queen started to
feel her way into port yesterday morning
Captain Green had her under a slow bell,
and being sure of his ship, never thought
for an instant of danger. It was a little
before 7 a. m., and the tide was running in
strong. It carried the Queen along at a
greater rate than was calculated upon and
before either captain, crew or passengers
could realize their danger the steamer
was across the iron bark Strathdon's bows
and the latter' 3 bowsprit was raking fore
and aft.
Luckily the lookout on the Queen gave a
warning'cry. and Captain Green managed,
in a measure, to sheer off. He also pave
the signal to the engine-room to stop and
go full speed astern. By his presence of
mind an awful catastrophe was probably
averted. Had the Queen struck the .Strath
don farr and square on her starboard quar
ter the chances are that either one or the
other of the vessels would have pone down.
In the darkness it is doubtful whether any
of the people could have been rescued, as
the fog hung as close as a blanket to the
waters of the bay.
As it was things are bad enough. The
Strathdon lost part of her bowsprit, and
the remainder is so bent and shattered that
it will have to be replaced. Three of the
j..ates in tier bow are strained, and the
j.rospects are that she will have to dock ior
repairs. As the vessel was loaded with
wheat for England and had all her crew
aboard, this will entail an expense that
Will run into at least $15,000.
When the Queen emerge! from the
r.oLlision her starboard side looked like a
wreck. From the pilot-house to the after
iiouae on the hurricane-deck there was
almost a complete -sweep made by the
bowsprit of the bark. Starting with the
end of the bridge, which was partly car
ried away, the work of destruction swept
aft. Three of the staterooms on the
hurricane-deck were wrecked. The next
sweep carried away two'of the boats and
the davits in which they swung. The
boats were stove in and tlue. heavy iron
davits &l once took them to the bottom.
The two vessels kept grinding together
and the Strathdon's bowsprit next car
ried away the two after boats, one of
which hunc to the martingale of the
bark and another was crushed between
the two vessels. All the stanchions and
railing for over 150 feet went at the same
time, and the big sailing-vessel's bow
sprit was up against the dome over the
dining-hall of the Queen.
Tnis dome is said to have been the pride
of every crew that ever worked on the
slap. The cost of it is said to have been
over $7500, as' Henry Viliard, who built
the steamer for a yacht in the palmy days
when he was the presiding genius of the
-Northern Pacific Railroad, wanted to have
tne vessel perfect in every detail. When
the bowsprit of the Strathdon struck that
(tone it did not take long to destroy it.
lhe brass rods that protected it were
swept away, there was a crash of falling
glass, and that was the last of the dome.
A oout the last thinj; to be swept away on
the hurricane deck was a standard com
pass, which was twisted into all kinds of
shapes, and will never be of any use again.
Standing rigping and ventilators shared
in the general destruction, and the hurri
cane deck looked as though it had been
struck by a cyclone.
W tiile the bowsprit was doing its work
on the upper deck the martingale or "dol
phin striker 1 ' was wrecking the lover
deck. Railing, stanchions, benches and
everything within reach was swept away
and only slender rods of iron, that bent to
pressure put upon them, were left to ahow
what had once*been the bulwark of the
Queen. Strange to say there were no acci
dents. An elderly gentieman from Port
land was struck on the head by a falling
timber but only received a scalp wound.
One of the cabin boys was cut by some fall
ing K'ass but his injuries are only super
ficial. Outside of these no one suffered
except from the severe shock.
■ When the collision happ-ned everybody
was on deck and as soon as the passengers
heard the crash there was a panic. They
all made a rush to escape ami fortunately
succeeded. Captain Green soon calmed
their fears and after that everything was
quiet and. orderly until the vessel docked.
The cabin passengers on the Queen were
as follows:
Mrs. L. EL Tarpley, Mrs. 8. M. Morgan, Mrs.
D. .1. Switzer. Mrs. . I. <ieorgo, Charles Mucker,
C. D. Ayres, J. ('. Abbott, C. Warren, R. Hart
Robert Height, R. Koehanibo, 1\ A. Brassell, ,)
P. White, H. (i. Holland, T. A. Wise, H. Stock
Hiid wife. M. Stuck, Mrs. M. Hoffman, A. I).
I>odge, Charles Baker, C. A. Morden and wife,
Mrs. J. W. Northup, Mtss C. Gray, Miss M.
Burns, Miss K. lUankship, Branden Clark, L.
H. Burns, Mrs. C. Hansen. B. Palmer, A. \V.
Fossburjr, . <;. Hitsman, Miss M. Hart,
the Misses B. M. Lamar. 11. M. Rogers
and wife, J. H. Sparker, Wilson John
sun, K. I". Wilson, K. Kenrish, Miss Rose
Knlton, KtaJwie Wilson, F. M. Harter, wife
and child, I). Halla, O. Mat?ette, W. J. Barber,
John DelAitOT, Charles Norton, Miss M. Ander
son. Mr-. \ Ncl<on, Mrs. K(«e Cook, Mrs. Car
rie Johns, M!m Maud Neville, C. A. Uigelow,
K. T. ( ..'.hy, < harles Weedier, L. R. Minard, F.
Mlnard, C. \. Block, J. H. Crawford, Miss c.
Kollins. Dr. 1> B. Ran.l, Mrs. H. W. Llewellyn,
Mis- Uewel vn, Mis- Nelson, Mi's Rasch, Mrs.
H. Ralston, Miss Ralson, R. Rasch, L. G. Gar
nett, F. W. Williamson ami wife, William
Llewellyn, <;. Imbad, Mrs. Dubad, K. Wyman,
James Roach. Thomas Ktistis, L. Altinan", Miss
N". Hogenv, Miss E. Hogeny, J. P. Kennedy, W.
R.-Lutt, Miss Uraggs.
Soon after the vessel was docked a care
ful examination was made, and it was
then seen that the deckhouses,, both fore
and aft, had been moved out of plumb
and would Jiave to be practically rebuilt.
The concise report of the collision, made
by M. Fitzgerald of the Merchants' Ex
change, is as follows:
The steamer Queen, inland bound from
Portland, collided with the British bark
.Strathdon, anchored in the stream off Lombara
street, at 7 o'Hock thi« morning. The Queen
had about 150 leet of rail on starboard side,
stanchions and staterooms, from third officer's
roomjaft to the hurricane deck, and dome car
ried away, lost four boats with contents and
dsvitsand other damages. The bark Strath
don had jibboom and headgear carried away.
Captain Green gives the following ac
count of the trip of the Queen: '"We left
the Columbia River last SuDday," he said,
'and from the start had to contend against
a Heavy fog. In spite of this obstruction
we made splendid time down the coast
and ou Monday night .we were off the
Golden Gate. "It was then as thick as
mush, so I determined to stand off and on
until morning. The fog seemed to get
thicker and thicker as daylight approached
a.ul Dually, about (j o'clock, I determined
to make for port.
"It was ali clear sailing in spite of the
fog until we were abreast of B.lack Point.
Then the engines were slowed down and
from that time on everybody was on the
gui vive. I had three men stationed in
the bow and others on the port and star
board quarters. One of the quartermasters
was with me on the bridge and every one of
us was straining every sense to see or hear
what was before us. Suddenly one of the
men at the bow called out, "A vessel rignt
ahead, sir." I could not see any vessel as
it was impossible to see ten feet in any
direction. However, I ordered the wtieel
over thinking to clear everything but
failed. Instead of being right atiead the
Strathdon, as I afterward learned was
lying with her bow north-northeast and
was therefore on our starboard bow. When
I first saw her we were about to cross the
bark's bow and were right on top of her.
The engines were reversed and we went
full speed astern, but it was too late and
the solli^ion occurred. It was all over iv.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 26, 1896.
a few minutes and after reassuring the
passengers I docked the Queen."
Chief Officer E. D. Parsons was in "the
eyes of the ship" wnen the collision oc
curred. "I and two of the sailors were on
the lookout," he said, "Whether the bell
on the Strathdon was ringing or not I can
not swear, but I think it was not. We
were only a few feet away before we struck
and then the bell rang oiit merrily. ]t was
awful hard lines after such a successful
trip under such unfavorable circumstances
to wind up with a disaster at the last."
Fred Hey wood, the purser, had a narrow
escape. He was in one of the staterooms
swept by the jibboom of the Strathdon
and had only gone on deck about two
minutes before the collision took place.
"As it was," said he, "I got a pretty good
scare and lam only too thankful that it
was not a worse one."
Captain Phillips Jr. of the Strathdon is
confident that the bell on his vessel was
rinsing and that vigorously when the
Queen was hearing down on him. He says
that when the big steamer loomed up he
at once began paving out chain and had it
not been for that fact his vessel migtnhave
been cut m two. Later in the day Captains
Metcalf, Thayer and Attwood, marine sur
veyors, went' out to the bark and decided
that she would have to dock for repairs.
At Goodall, Perkins & Co.'s it was
learned that the docking of the Columbia
would be delayed and that she will
go out in place of the Queen. The
Portland mechanics made an excellent
job of the Columbia's rudder oost and she
is now as good as ever. Captain Goodall
is in hopes that the Queen will be fully
repaired by the time the Columbia re
turns to port. Then the latter will go on
the drydock and the former will resume
her run.
The Queen has been one of the most un
fortunate and withal one of the finest
vessels that has plied on the Pacific Coast.
As before stated, she was built for Henry
Villard, then a millionaire, and t\ as named
the "Queen of the Pacific." While out
with' an excursion party Viilard's captain
ran the vessel on the rocks and she sank.
After she was purchased by the Pacific
Coast Steamship Company she started one
day for southern ports with a full cargo
aboard. One of the portholes had been
left open and the vessei had to be raced
for Port Harford, whero she sank a few
minutes after all hands had been landed.
In Autrust, 1894, she was run on Cer
morant Island, Alaska, and it was several
days before she was got off. Later there
was an explosion on Doard, while she was
lying at Seattle, and a number of the crew
were dangerously injured.
The Queen had not been docked half an
hour before the work of repairing her was
begun. As soon as her cargo is out she
will be taken to the Merchants' drydock
and there overhauled.
SCIENTIFIC KITE FLYING.
An Accident Interrupts an Kxperiment
With Them Yenterday.
Another experiment in kite-Hying was
made by the United States Weather Bureau
yesterday from the roof of the Mills build
ing with the object of determining the
feasibility of obtaining the meteorological
conditions of th-i higher atmosphere. The
j purpose yesterday was simply to test the
action of the kites in a stiff breeze, and no
instruments were attached to them.
The bureau has thirty-three kites, the
| idea being eventually to rly the entire
number at one time and secure atmos
pheric data from the regions two or three
miles above the earth.
Seven kites were sent up, when the main
string broke, ending the trial. All of the
kites were subsequently recovered. There
was about 7000 feet of the main string out,
and each kite was attached to it at a dis
tance of 1000 feet by a branch cord 200 feet
in length. The wind was blowing eleven
miles an hour, and the kites soared at an
angle of about 28 degrees. It was esti
mated that the highest reached an alti
tude of about 3400 feet. The kites, after
they broke loose, hovered over the bay,
one, of the kites having caught on a wire,
and thousands of people watched them
along the water front.
■ ' * :.""• >. — - — •'_'• :
THE CHARGE DISMISSED.
J. S. Bennett Discharged From Custody
< by Judge Campbell. '-'
J. S. Bennett, head engineer of ; the Pa
cific Telephone and Telegraph Company,
appeared in Judge Campbell's court yester
day :< morning to answer to the charge of ;
battery preferred by his wife. When the
case -was,, called . Prosecuting 1 ' Attorney
Forbes asked that the case be dismissed.
This was done. . - ■ : , •, : •
Bennett was arrested last Thursday on a
warrant sworn to by his wife. She made
various allegations against him, but none
of them held in court, and so the case was
let drGD of itsovn areiiiu.
THERE IS NO
PRIMARY LAW
The Supreme Court Has
Decided It Unconsti
tutional.
IS SPECIAL AND LOCAL.
Election Laws Must Be Ap
plicable to the Entire
State.
TWO TEST CASES DECIDED.
Sacramento Had No Interest, So the
Los Angeles Case Carried the
Opinion.
The "primary law" has failed to survive
the scrutiny of the Supreme Court. It is
unconstitutional, the court says, it is
special and local, it is at variance, with
various sections of the constitution, and
it is a special law in regard to elections,
something which the legal system of this
State does not tolerate.
There were two cases decided — one from
Sncraruento and one from Los Angeles—
but the one. from Los Angeles presented
the issues more directly and was therefore
more minutely considered than the Sacra
mento case.
The case from Los Angeles was an- ap
peal from the decision of Judge Van Dyke
in the case of Martin C. Marsh against the
Board of Supervisors of Los Angeles
County. Marsh sued to have the Super
visors restrained from purchasing ballot,
boxes and other necessaries for the primary
under the new law. Judgo Van Dyke
granted the injunction which Marsh
sought, and the Supervisors appealed.
The Supreme Courts decision was as fol
lows:
This is a suit by a taxpayer to enjoin the de
fendants from •appropriating public funds of
the county for the purchase of ballot-boxes
and the payment of other expenses involved in
carrying out the provisions of the act of March
27, 1895, commonly known as the primary
election law. - The claim of the plaintiff is that
the act is local and special, and therefore un
constitutional and' void. This contention was
sustained by the Superior Court of Los Angeles
and the injunction granted. Appellants appeal
from the judgment.
There can be no question that the act is local
and special, since by its terms it is to "apply to,
take effect in and be in force only in counties
of the first and second classes, " that is to .-ay,
in San Francisco and Los Angeles.
The constitution allows the classification of
counties' according to population for the pur
pose of regulating the compensation of county
officers in proportion to their duties, and for
that purpose a classification has been estab
lished under which San Francisco falls into
the first class ■ and Los Angeles falls into the
second class. | But the fact that these and other
counties of the State have been classified for a
purpose which . the ; constitution recognizes as
a proper and necessary one does .not relieve a
law relating, to other and distinct matters
from the objection that it is local and special
if by its -terms it'is limited in its application or;
operation to one or more classes of counties
less than the whole. This act, therefore, not
being a regulation of the compensation of
county officers is local and special, Slot with
standing it embraces- two counties, each- of
which constitutes one of the classes denned in
the county government act, and; the only
question ; to be determined , is whether or not
the subject of the act is one of those as to
•which special and local legislation is inhibited
by the constitution.:; ~'. \ ■■ > ";.. • .■>-/ ■/ '-?' V: '
■ The act is intended to regulate primary elec
tions,!, c. , the election: of delegates to.nomi
nating " conventions, and not ' only in its . gen
eral scope and ; nature, but by various specific
provisions, is made an 1 essential part of the
general election law of the State. 1 By section 21,
for example, it is provided ■ that no candidate
can have his name printed upon any. ballot as
a candidate : for ! public - office ' at any general *
election In this State unless he shall have been
nominated by a convention composed of 'dele-'
£at«k chosen as the act jjroyidad. or nominated
by a certain percentage of electors, as in the
Political Code prescribed.
The entire act prescribes an elaborate scheme
for the conduct of primary elections by sworn
officers, whose certificates "of election will con
stitute the credentials of the delegates to the
various political conventions— State, distri-jt
and local. Not only is it a general law which
should have a uniform operation, and notonly
is the case to which it applies one in which, "a
general law can be made applicable," but from
an inspection of its terms it clearly appears
that it was designed originally to apply uni
formly throuehout the State. This is shown by
various expressions scattered through its first
twenty-four sections in which the original
scheme of the law is embodied.
Section 25, which is in some respects incon
gruous with other portions of the act, seems
to have been a later addition. It provides for
the election in Presidential years of delegates
to a State convention to choose delegates to a
National convention, and by a proviso is made
obligatory only in counties which cast 9000
votes find upward at the last preceding general
election.
But by section 2(> this proviso is superseded
by the proviso limiting the application and
operation of the net to counties of the first and
second classes. But for these two sections we
should have a law complete and full, capable
of applying, and intended to appiy, in every
part of the State. It is not a matter for argu
ment or speculation, therefore, whether this is
a case in which a general law should be made
applicable.
This act, by its terms, shows that such is the
case, and if ft did not, it is apparent that a law
regulating the election of public officers, by
prescribing the exclusive means by which
candidates of the great political parties can
secure a place on the official ballot, is neces
sarily a law of a general nature and capable of
uniform operation.
The act is, therefore, unconstitutional by
reason of its conflict with section 2 of urticle I
and subdivision 33 of section 35 of article IV
of the constitution above citfd. It is also in
conflict with the more specific provisions of
subdivision 11 of section 25, article IV, pro
hibiting local or special laws for conducting
elections.
Counsel for appellants have, made no answer
to these objections to the validity of the act,
ami we know of none which can be made. An
amicus curias makes an urgent appeal in be
half of the law on the ground that it is a good
law designed to prevent, and capable of pre
venting, evils of great and increasing magni-
tude, but he does not deny that section 26
makus it unconstitutional if it is allowed to
stand. He suggests, however, that we should
hold that section. void (he would have to in
clude section 25 also) and the act vaiid
throughout the State, if we should do so we
would be imposing upon the whole State a law
which it is eleftr the Legislature intended to
apply in only two counties, and which would
not otherwise have passed. Tnis we cannot do,
as it would be nothing short of special legisla
tion.
If the act is as beneficial as it is claimed it is
to be regretted that it cannot stand, but as we
have more than once been compelled to re
mind the defenders of special and local laws
we cannot have the advantage of such legisla
tion when it is good under a constitution
which strongly prohibits it upon the assump
tion that it is generally bad.
The judgment of the Superior Court is
affirmed. Beatiy, C. J.
We concur:
McFarland, J.
Harrison, .1.
Garoutie, J.
Van Fleet, J.
TF.Mri-E, J.
Henshaw, J.
The case from Sacramento was the one
first filed. W. A. Gett sued to have the
Supervisors of Sacramento County ap
point the names required by the law from
which the primary election officers would
be drawn. He commenced an original
proceedine in the Supreme Court in order
to obtain an immediate decision, but the
court holds that Sacramento was not in
terested in the matter at all. as the law,
unconstitutional as it rs. applies only to
cities and counties of the first and second
classes, and Sacramento belongs to neither
of these. The proceedings brought by
Gett are therefore dismissed, the follow
ing opinion by the court explaining the
reasons for such action :
This is an original proceeding in which the
petitioner asks a writ of mandate to the Super
visors of Sacramento county, 'commanding
them to perform the duties imposed upon Elec
tion Commissioners and Boards of Supervisors
by the act of March 27, 1895, relating to pri
mary elections.
The act, by its express terms, is restricted to
counties of the first and second classes, and
consequently has no application to Sacramento
County, or any other except the City and
County of Sail Francisco and the county of Los
Anceles, unless the contention of petitioner
can be sustained that the classes referred to in
said section 20 are those defined in section
400G of the Political Code as originally enacted,
whicn reads as follows:
> - Sec. 4006— For ■ purposes other than roads and
highways the counties of this State are classified as
follows: ;.'"-■ :' ,■-';• ■
1. 'Iliose containing . 20,000 inhabitants or over
constitute the first class. • •- -
"•-■; 2. Those containing 8000 and under 20,000 in
habitants constitute the second class; and ■"..."',-. ■-■. ■
_': 3. Those containing less than 8000 inhabitants
constitute the third class.; _, : . ; .
This section was a part of , title II of part IV
of the Political: Code .relating; to the govern
ment of counties: as the same f was regulated
prior to the adoption of the present constitu
tion. By the act of March 14, 1883, entitled
"an i act k to:- establish a uniform system of
County and Township Government," the whole
law upon this subject was revised and the old
law in most cases superseded. 1 ,.- • '.--. -:.-:..
:■■■ liua : beic£ - so. .it is ' extremely . doubtful.
whether the classification established by sec
tion 4006, supra, is continued in force for any
purpose whatever, but conceding that it may
be in force with respect to some matters regu
lated by statutes passed prior to the new classi
fication contained in the act of 1883, we have
no doubt that the reference in the primary
election law is to be the classes denned in the
latest county government act aud not to the
classes established by section 4006 of the
Political Code. It follows, therefore, that
neither this petitioner nor the respondents
have any interest ir. the determination of the
question which they have attempted to sub
mit—i.e., the constitutionality ot the act of
March 27, 1605. and that it ought not to be
decided upon such attempted submission.
Writ denied and proceeding dismissed.
Beatty, C. J.
We concur:
McFakland, J.,
Harrison, J.,
Garoutte, J.,
Van Fleet, J,,
Temple, J.,
Henshaw, J.
As may be seen, the court was unani
mous in both opinions.
WAS CRUSHED TO DEATH
Mrs. Harriet Wilbeck Is Killed
by a Mission-Street
Car.
Deaf . and Almost Blind She Did Not
Hear or See the Advancing
Deadly Dummy.
Mrs. Harriet Wilbeck, 75 years of age,
deaf and dim of eye, is the latest victim of
the trolley-car. ;; y: "Ji-M
The unfortunate old lady had taken ad
vantage of the beautiful weather on Sun
day last to visit the home of her son, at
Twenty-sixth and Guerrero streets, where
she spent the afternoon. On her return
trip she walked part of the way, until near
Nineteenth street, when, feeling somewhat
tired, she stepped into the street to hail a
passing car.
Another car at the time was speeding
westward, and allowing it to pass, she ven
tured further on, heedless of the danger
bell which tne east-bound car was ringing.
She was either misjudging the distance or
else believed she had time to cross the
track. At any rate, she was struck and
rolled a dozen feet before the motorman
brought the car to a stop.
Mrs. Wilbeck was picked up and carried
to the. drugstore at the corner. She was
unconscious and bleeding from the nostrils
and ears.
Dr. Charles A. Dozier, formerly of St.
Luke's Hospital, was called to attend the
lady and had her removed to her home at
225 Leavenworth street, corner of Eddy,
where she died yesterday morning at 2:25
o'clock.
The remains were conveyed to the un
dertaking establishment .of Porter & Co.,
where an autopsy disclosed that five ribs
on the left side and the collar bone were
fractured.
The scene of the accident is on a slignt
downgrade, and the car was packed witn
the usual Sunday crowd returning from
an outing. Those who witnessed the af
fair say that the old lady was hidden from
view by the westerly bound car, and when
she stepped on the track she was but a
dozen feet from the car that struck her.
The automatic danger bell was ringing
and the motorman stopped the car as soon
as possible, but too late- to save her.
THE COUNTY FEE BILL.
Attorney - General Fitzgerald Gives
County Officers Valuable Foints.
The county fee bill does not seem to be
well understood by many of the officers of
the State. Attorney-General Fitzgerald, in
response to various requests from county
officers, has determined that under the
new fee bill it is the duty of the County
Clerk to collect 25 cents, first, for affidavits
made before him by persons having claims
against the county ; second, on affidavits
so made by pension claimants attached to
their vouchers, for the reason that the act
of 1895, commonly known as the fee bill,
repealed the act passed in 1887 (statutes
1887, 81) authorizing the County' Clerk to
certify affidavits for United States pension
claimants without demanding or receiv
ing fees or compensation.
Upon this same subject the Attorney-
General has also held, first, that no charge
shall be made by the County Clerk for
taking affidavits in the matter of applica
tions for marriape licenses, as the affidavits
are a part of the service necessary to the
issue of the same, for which the charge of
$2 is provided ; second, that a clerk should
make no charge ior taking affidavits in the
matter of the registration of voters, nor for
tiling the same.
He further holds that no charge should
be made for filing official bonds or certifi
cates of appointment to. office. A specific
exception is made as to such bonds and
appointments by the fee bill. (Statutes
1895, page 2<JB.) And, finally, that no au
thority is granted by law to the clerk of
the Board of Supervisors to take affi
davits.
ATTEMPT TO ROB.
The Police Investigating the Case of
George Knapper.
The police are investigating the case of
George Knapper, who lives in Kramer's
lodging-bouse on Sansome and Pacific
streets. About 4 o'clock yesterday morn
ing he was found on the sidewalk in front
of a saloon on Pacific and Kearnv streets.
He was taken to the Receiving Hospital,
where a wound in his scalp was dressed,
and he was sent home. He said some men
had attempted to rob him and had struck
him on the head with some instrument.
When he got home he gave the landlord
a $20 gold piece to keep for him, as he was
afraid another attempt would be made to
rob him. Yesterday afternoon the land
lord found him unconscious in bed, and he
was again sent to the hospital. Dr. Fitz
simmons thought his skull might be frac
tured, and he was placed in a cot till a
thorough examination could be made.
Ha had $2 30 in his pockets.
NEW TO-DAT.
W /IS nni]iJ!inU I
Jj j^|. nil UU ll nil I
pill WHISKEY
|IP||pi Five Years
lixinill^ Bottling.
llJjj^'topViCT^^g Li mnilllii
411 Market St.
I MAKE MAN.
t b c most Ks railing Sen-
"wondcrrul $■ sation^,Xerv-
tho • a^e. It the eye 3
lias* Deen en- m'Si^^-C'^'^M find otiier
leadinpscien- t^ii^iii'S ' StrenEthens, 1
Europe and wtV'^'-Jw-i and tones tho
Hudyan is Bf'K'^WMi KudYan cures
Hudyan stops Kftf^i^Sfifi^ Emissions,
Pramaluransss fkM ffi&A ■ &a^ d^^v^
of the in ''0 JBj '^j - . Sffij wea ' £ organs.
MANHOOD j^fef^k^^^ nifihtßtopped
quickly. Over 2000 private endorsements.
I'rematureness means impotency In the first
stage. It is a. symptom of seminal weakness
and barrenness. It can be stopped in 20 days
by the use of : Hudyan. .-iggf^
The new discovery was rriade by the Special-
ists of the old famous Hudson Medical Insti-
tute. It is the strongest vital made. . It is
very powerful, but bar in Learn the grand
truth of health, make yourself a man again by
using the Californiau remedy. You can only
eet it from the Hudson Medical Institute.
Write for free circulars. Send for testimonials
and circulars free.
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
Stockton, Market and Ellis Sts.
BAN FRANCISCO, 'CAI*. *><■'-
FOR— .
»ip g j m
Parlor — Silk "Brocatelle, 6-Peice Suit, plnsli
trimmed.
Bedroom- 7-Peice Elegant Suit, bed, bureau,
washstand. two chairs, rocker and table: pil-
lows, woven wire and top mattress.
Diniire-Koom— Extension Table, four
Solid Oak Chairs.
Kitchen— Range, Patent Kitchen Table and two
Chairs.
. easy payments.
Houses furnished complete, city or country, any-
where on the Coast. Open evenings.
M. FRIEDMAN & CO.,
224 to 230 and 306 Stockton
and 237 Post Street.
JgfS" Free' packing and delivery across the bay.
Oo
DOCTOR SWEANY,
San Francisco's Leading .Specialist,
QVCCESSFrr.LY TREATS ALL CHRONIC
0 diseases of the head, throat, tangs, heart, stom-
ach, liver and bowels; kidney trouble*,, disorders
of the bladder and urinary organs, rupture, piles,
varicocele, hydrocele and swelling of the ■ glands.
.Loss or partial loss of sexual power In either men
or women, emissions, sleeplessness, mental worry,
bashfulness. falling memory and ail the ciistres*-
lng ilia resulting from nervous debility positively
an permanently cured. Gonorrhoea, Gleet. Stric-
ture and that terrible and loathsome disease, Syph-
ilis, thoroughly and forever cured.
I WRITE your trouble.* If living away from the
•city and advice will be given you free of charge.
.Address " F. 1,. s«'K.\ . M.D.,
737 Market St. (opposite Examlner.Ortice),
• San Francisco, CaL
A remedy used exclusively by a physician of
1 30 years' experience. A positive and unfailing
guaranteed cure for primary, secondary and .
tertiary cases of blood disease. • No case in*
curable. New cases cured in two weeks. Coa«
EuUation and full information free.
MOFFAT CHEMICAL CO.,
Boom 1, G32 Market St.. San Francisco.
■■■■■rtBiRNYSV ■
1 STHEVEKY BEST ON i: TO KXAMIXE YOUR
J. eyes and tit them to Spectacles or Kye^la^i-i
with mstxumenti of his own invention, vrao* '
•nperiority has sot boon equaled. ily suocom om
' Mcndue to the merits ot my world' .
1 Otbce Hours— 1- to 1 i-. it.
COAL! COAL!
Wellington $1000 .....
Southtield ......;. 950 . ....
Genuine Coos 8ay...*.. 7 00— Half ton 350
Seattle H 00— Half ton 4 Oil
Bryant a 00— Half tou iO J
Telephone— Black—
KNICKERBOCKER COAL CO.,
522 Howard Street. Near First.
TOMERCIIAjVTTAILORS
-A.3XTX> cuttehs:
AN OLD ESTABLISH! FOR SALE
cheap, on account of sickness. Apply at 431
Kearnv sireit. between - and ', o'clock.
\_ _ _ . _ HEALTH KESORTS.
THelt. niSLEII SUITIUDI,
ST. HELENA, NAPA COUNTY, CAL.
A MTIOML HEALTH RESORT!
*'-' '. beutl fui" Cirauiay. .
56
"Slilllrifrifi
CHARLES M. StiORTRIDGE, ~
Editor and Proprietor.
SUBSCRIPTION gATES-Postage Free:
Tally anri Sunday f alt, one week. l\v carrier..
Tally and f?undny Call, one year, by mail:... 6.00
rally and Sunday Cam.. six months, by mail.. 3.00
Pally and Pnnduy Cai.j., three months by mall 1.50
Jsil.vj.ml Sunday Call, one mouth, by mail.. .65
fcunday Caw., one year, by mall 1.60
IBUI Caii. one year, by mall 1.60
BUSINESS OFFICE:
710 Mattel Street,
San Francisco, California.
ft If pbone •. Main— lß6B
EDITORIAL ROOMS:
517 Clay Street. ' / '
r*l*rhon' Main— lS74
BRANQtT OFFICES :
630 Montgomery street, comer Clay: open until
9.90 o'clock.
839 Haves street; open until 9 :30 o'cloeic.
713 Larkla street: open until 9:30 o'clock. ■
h\\". corner sixteenth and Mission streets; open
until 9 o'clock. ::- _'■/■.•_ : ;?.\ ;-;i
2818 Mission street: open until 9 o'clock.
116 street; own until 9 o'clock.
OAKLAND OFFICE:
808 Broadway.
EASTERN OFFICE:
Beams 51 »nd 32, 'M Park Row. N.»w York City.
DAVID 51. FOLTZ, Special Agent. :
WEDNESDAY , ....FEBRUARY 26, 1896
THE CALL SPEAKS FOR ALL.
Morgan's voice is decidedly for war. He
not only wish.es to free Cuba, but tv fight
Spam.
The garment-makers' strike is spreading
and the clothes of last spring will be much
worn this season.
Business has evideh tly grown weary of
waiting on ;he Senate and Dcgun to strike
out on a revival of its own.
Huntiugton's nephew did not go to
FranKfort, but he did go to Cincinnati, and
that is within wire-pulling distance.
This would be a trood time for the Salva
tion Army to get rid of the Booth system
and elect a" comraanoer by an open vote.
In the game of bluff between Budd and
Irish it seems that Irish undertook to
straddle the blind and Budd raised him.
For one day more there is a flutter in the
Democratic camp of the Gluey boom, but
it has not come further west than New
York.
General Booth has converted many a
man. but it remains to be seen whether he
can teach his son Ballington the wisdom
of resignation.
The Government has ordered suits for
land-grant forfeitures against the Union
Paciric Railway and the end of the nionop
oiy draws near.
Democracy can turn away from the old
racket of the Junta and Buckley crowd
now and watch with interest the Budd
and Irish mix-up.
If Senator Perkins is not a candidate for
the Vice-Presidency he ought to be, for it
is time for California to begin reaching for
Eome of the top persimmons.
The trouble with the booms of Whitney,
Olacy and Pattison is that all parties
recognize this is going to be a good year
to put up Western candidates.
Now that American miners are going.to
Venezuela, Uncle Sam may decide to ef
fectually arbitrate the dispute over the
gold-bearing territory by taking possession
of it.
If the persistent energy which Nicaragua
expends on her numerous revolutions
were set to ditch-digging we should have
the grand canal before long and have it
cheap.
The report that Mrs. Hoyt is jealous of
one of the ladies in "The Contented
"Woman" Company only emphasizes the
fact that the play of that name is a scream
ing farce.
The proposed international bank now
under discussion by the House Committee
on Banking sounds well, but it should be
examined under the cathode ray before it
is adopted.
The Searles interest in the Central Pa
cific is willing to compromise on a fifty
years' refunding scheme, but then Seerles
didn't wort as hard for his money as
Hantinglon did.
As Senator Hill is still strenuously ob.
jecting to an investigation ot the Cleve
land bond deals the presumption is that he
knows more about them than be wishes
the public to know.
As Venezuela now insists that the Brit
ish shall have none of the disputed terri
tory at all, it is clear the eagle scream has
set the Spanish-American game cock to
crowing its loudest.
If the gold bugs force Olney on the
Democratic convention the rank and tile
of the party will probably be willing to
tarry him through the campaign provid
ing they can carry him on a rail.
The trouble in the Salvation Army seems
to be nothing more than ft family quarrel
among the younger Booths, and when the
old general comes home from India he
had better bring a shingle with him.
While Russia was no doubt sincere in
Eaying she has sent troops to Korea
eimply to protect the independence of tue
country, she would not lite any other na
tion to join in the philanthropic work.
While the Cleveland administration and
the deficit tariff are running this country
into debt the British are rejoicing in a sur
plus and debating whether to use it in
paying off the bonded debt or increasing
the navy.
From the complaints made by the Trunk
Line Association against the Southern Pa
cific it seem? that Huntington cannot even
keep faith with his allies and is trying to
gouge railroads as well as the pcopie and
the Government.
Attorney Hubbard, representing the
Bearles interest, declares tne Centra! Pa
cific could not have carried out the obliga
tions of the Reiily funding bill of the last
Congress even if it had been passed. So
there you have it.
To make a contract for lifty years with a
company whose charter expires in 1911
would be a clear case of a contract that
began as a big road, dwindled to a bridle
path and finaliy turned into a squirrel
track and ran up a tree.
The discovery of a number of gambling
rooms run by women .in the fashionable
quarter of St. Louis is but another evi
dence tuat the new woman is no longer
content to use matrimony as her only
game of chance and proposes to get on to
all the sports.
THE PEIMAEY ELECTION LAW.
The decision of the Supreme Court de
claring the primary election law uncon
stitutional will hardly come as a surprise
to any one who has given the subject
serious consideration. The act had the
defect of so many other measures purport
ing to establish reforms in particular local
ities. It was of the nature of that special
legislation which the constitution forbids
and which the Supreme Court has been
again and again called upon to declare
null and of no effect.
From the fate of this measure there are
two plain lessons to be drawn and neither
of them should be overlooked by any citi
zen who has the cause of political purity
:u heart. The first is that all acta in
tended to establish reforms by the processes
of law must be made to conform with the
fundamental principles of government
provided for the State in its constitution.
That ihis may be effected it i-s necessary
in the first place that reformers them
selves should seek no more than can be
constitutionally obtained, and, secondly,
that they should send to the Legislature
men who are sufficiently familiar with the
processes of legislation to enact a measure
that will stand as law.
The more important lessen to be drawn
from the result, however, is that political
reform to the extent of bringing about an
essential honesty in primary elections is
in no way dependent upon the law which
has just been declared unconstitutional.
If that element of the people which
earnestly desires reform will range them
selves under leaders deserving their confi
dence, ana will attend the primaries of the
National party whose principles they sup
port, there .can be no doubt that results
will be obtained equally as good as any
that could have been hoped for under the
measure from which the reformers ex
pected so much.
INGENIOUS AKGUMENTS.
General Hubbard, representing Mr.
Huntington's interests, made on Monday,
before the House Committee on Pacific
Roads, the shrewdest argument that has
yet been presented on the railroad matter.
The propositions which he advanced were
that the Government, desirous of a rail
road across the continent, and unwilling
to construct one itself, made a grant to
private parties for the purpose; that these
persons were not trustees of the Govern
ment; that they were entitled to all the
prorits which they might make on the
construction, because in the absence of
such a prospect no one could be found to
undertake me work, and that the Central
Pacific had lived up to its agreement with
the Government.
He urged that the cont.-act should be re
garded as one between individuals, and a
settlement made in the ordinary way by
extension of the- time for its completion.
He could not satisfactorily meet the ob
jection that the extension would be the
making of a new contract, which would be
voided by the terms of the charter from
California. He proposed as a plan of set
tlement that the company pay the prin
cipal of its Government debt and that the
unpaid interest be funded. It is interest
ing to note in this connection his assertion
that the company could pay its iirst mort
gage debt, wnicii is identical in size with
that owing to the Government.
Leaving thcquestion of trusteeship out
of the account, we still have that of aeon
tract. How General Hubbard can claim
that the company has observed ttiat agree
ment we cannot imagine. On the contrary,
even though we may not consider the
fraudulent means by which the construc
tion contracts were let, nor the sharp prac
tices resorted to in order to cover up and
destroy evidences of those transactions, it
is notorious that in order to avoid keeping
its agreements with the Government and
in order to provide against the chance of
the Government collecting its debt, the
Southern Pacific sj'stematically reduced
the earning capacity of tie Central Pacific,
which earnings belonged under the agree
ment to the Government, and dishonestly
diverted and secured these to the prejudice
of the Government.
It was the most flagrant and shameless
violation of an agreement that could have
been made, and that alone is sufficient
argument against the making of a new
agreement with the same parties. Even
applying the ordinary business rule for the
extension of a debt, no private creditor
would be willing to make a new agreement
with a person who had already defrauded
him, particularly if by foreclosure he could
recover the whole amount.
A NEEDED INVESTIGATION.
The resolution of Senator Lodge direct
ing an investigation by the Senate Finance
Committee of al< the facts and circum
stances connected with the sale of United
States bonds from 1894 to 189U was opposed
by Senator Hill on the ground that it is
not the province of the Senate to investi
gate every subject that might be suggested
by a Senator, and that before the investi
gation is undertaken there should be an
inquiry into the motives that prompted it
and the object to be attained by it.
From the grounds stated it would seem
that Hill's objection can hardly be any.
thing more than an attempt to put a stop
at all hazards to the proposed investiga
tion. Certainly there is nothing in his
argument affecting the real merits of the
issue. Because the Senate is not bound to
make every investigation suggested by a
Senator is no reason why it should not
make this one. The demand in this in
stance comes not from one Senator only,
but literally from the people as a mass.
Senator Lodge was the spokesman of
a large majority of all intelligent Ameri
cans when he asked for this investigation,
and, in fact, the wonder is that tne subject
has been postponed so long and was not
taken up in response to popular demand
as soon as Congress met.
The course of the administration in ar
ranging the bond deals has exhibited
time and again what have seemed to be
unmistakable evidences of something
worse than a blunder. Men have hesi
tated to cnarge Cleveland with deriving
any pecuniary profit from the transactions
because there has been a patriotic disin
clination to associate so base and vulgar a
crime with the exaited office of the Presi
dency. Nevertheless, there has been an
uneasy feeling that scandal has not only
come nearer to that office than ever before,
but has come altogether too near to be
ignored or tolerated.
It is known beyond all controversy that
syndicates of New York and foreign bank
ers have made large profits out of the
loans, that the relations of Cleveland
with these bankers have been very close,
and that a former law partner of the
President has developed suddenly into a
very rich man and a very successful lobby
ist. Along with these salient facts are a
number of allied circumstances that give a
very ugly look to the situation. The3e
have been noted with uneasiness by Dem
ocrats as well as by Republicans. In fact
the people as a whole huve watched the
course of the deals between the Govern
ment and Wall street with a growing in
dignation. They looked for Congress to
begin an investigation at once, and have
been impatient that it was so long de
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 26, 1896.
layed. Tne time to make it has now come,
and any ODposition to it from the friends
of the President will only increase the sus
picion that something is wrong.
THE KENTUCKY CHAETEE-
A correspondent who probably voices ths
perplexity of many other people who have
not studied the railroad tactics in this
State very closely writes to ask: "Won't
you please give us, in a few words, just
how we of this State can in any way derive
any benefit from the repeal by KentucKy
of the Southern Pacific Company charter?
For the life of me I fail to see where our
&am can come in, whether the incorpora
tion be in Kentucky or in some other State
where they own property and do busi
ness."
Certainly it would make no difference to
us whether the Southern Pacific Company
operated railroads in California under a
charter from Kentucky or some other
State. If the present charter is repealed,
however, there will be a time at least when
it will have no charter from another State,
and during that time it will have to ope
rate its roads in California under the char
ters obtained in California. Its roads in
this State, with the exception of the Cen
tral Pacific, will then be under the juris
diction of California laws and subject to
California officials. The benefits to result
to us from that change would include ev
erything that involves litigation, from the
collection of back taxes to the enforcement
of the rates of freights and fares ordained
by the Railroad Commission.
It is not easy to state "in a few words,"
as our correspondent requests, what all of
these benefits will amount to. That cor
porations gain great advantages by operat
ing in one State under charters granted in
other States is made evident from the fact
that almost every unscrupulous corpora
tion in the country resorts to that method
of doing business. The Southern Paciric
Company, for example^ operates roads in
California under a Kentucky charter, but
its roads in Kentucky are managed under
a charter obtained elsewhere. What is
gained in this way by corporations is lost
to the people, and offenses resulting from
such methods have been felt in many
States in the Union hardly less severely
than in California itself.
The repeal of the Kentucky charter
would mean, therefore, a temporary train,
at any rate, and at this juncture the gain
would have far-reaching effects that would
result in permanent benefits. A new char
ter might and probably would be obtained
in another State, but the monopoly would
be compelled to make a long right to get it.
It is not in Kentucky and California only
that the people have awakened to the evil
of outside corporations. There is a grow
ing objection to that system of doing Busi
ness in nearly all the States, and if Cali
fornia once more gets her railroads under
the control of her laws they n*ay remain
there for some time to come, or at least
until the fight with this particular monop
oly is won and settled.
IAVOEING THE MABKET.
Abundant evidence had already appealed
that the farmers in the vicinity of San
Francisco me strongly in favor of the
establishment of a free market on the
water front, or at least of a central free
market and general sales headquarters
there, with subsidiary free markets
throughout the City for retail sales. It. is
significant, therefore, that the Sutter
County Horticultural Society his sent to
the Harbor Commission a s* t of strong
resolutions urging the establishment of
such a market on the water front and ex
pressing the belief that returns on ship
ments will be better than those received
under the present system. It must be
taken for granted that even the farmers of
Sutter County, a comparatively remote
section, are confident that they would re
ceive benefits from such an institution.
Manifestly they would, and the benefit
would not be confined to better direct re
turns. Although the Southern Pacific
Company is reported to have stopped
work on the extension of its line to Santa
Barbara, that line must be put through in
order to secure an adequate return on the
heavy amount already invested. "When
that is done the southern overJand pas
seneer traffic will be brought over that
line. Then the company will undoubt
edly carry out its original intention of ex
tending the road from the present termi
nus at Third and Townsend streets, in
tnis City, along the water to the new
ferry depot. This will concentrate all the
incoming and outgoing travel at the ferry.
The suggestion has already been made to
take advantage of this fact and install a
comprehensive exhibit of California prod
ucts and industries in the ferry building.
A free market in the vicinity would com
plete the usefulness ot such an exhibit and
serve as a practical, everyday display of
the perishable products of this part of the
State. It would lead naturally to inquiries,
would stimulate interest, and would be a
useful advertisement of the sections repre
sented i n the market. That is to say, such
an establishment would not only increase
the profits of farmers and reduce the cost
of products to residents of San Francisco,
but could be made a valuable advertise
ment of California.
VIEWS OF WESTERN EDITORS.
A Hint for Huntington.
Woodland Democrat.
A secret conspiracy will ahvays collapse
when exposed to the fresh air and warm sun
shine.
Be Peaceful, but Patriotic.
Santa Cnz sentinel.
It is the duty of every man to preach the in
terests of peace, but at the same time not ren
der his country so weak as to provoke war.
Still Too Poor to Pay Taxes.
Hanford Democrat.
In his testimony before the Pacific Railroad
Committee yesterday Collis P. Huntingdon ad
mitted that the Central Pacific had paid in div
idends two millions each to himself, Crocker
Stanford and Hopkins.
That Troublesome Decision.
Pasadena Star.
The decision of the Supreme 'Court that
county officers' terms are two years puis a
damper upon four-year aspirations, and will
em harass them in the coming campaign. They
must either give up the four years 1 claim for
good or make the canvass for re-election handi
capped by the hope that they would rather be
judicially confirmed in the four-year tenure
than take chances on a re-election.
A Smiling J>j»n<l.
San Jose Mercury.
The sun shines, the almonds are in bloom,
the roses lend color to the gardens, the wild
poppies and the baby blue-eyes are peeping
from their nests of foothill greenery, and
throughout the length and breadth of the Santa
Clara valley nature is adorning herseltwith
the flowers and perfumes of spring. Here, in
deed is the garden spot of the United States,
and happy should be the individual whose lot
has been cast iv this garden spot of sunshine,
fruit and flowers.
A Hint to the Farmers.
Los Angeles Express.
The farmers at Chino and Anaheim, who
want a better price for their beets, might very
advantageously get together without loss of
time and petition Congress, both as one body
and as individuals, to adapt the amendment
proposed by Senator Perkins to the pending
tariff bill, now in the Senate, by which the
duty on sugar would bo raised to a figure that
would give those interested in the protection
of American sugar adequate protection from
foreign competition.
. PERSONAL.
C. J. Coleman of Denver is at the Palace.
L. M. Dinkelspiel of Bakersfield is in the City.
Jesse Smoot of Hollister is at the Cosmo
politan.
Francis Ott, a druggist of Sacramento, is at
the Russ.
T. H. Grooge of Alaska has, arrived here for a
brfef visit.
K. E. Parkhurst, a business man of Portland,
is at the Palace.
Charles A. Clark of Arizona is among the ro
cent arrivals here.
Mrs. c. K. Larnbie of Edna is registered at
the Cosmopolitan.
D. McKenzie of Seattle, was among the ar
rivals here yesterday.
Thomas G. Ford, a leading merchant of
Nevada City, is in town.
F. W. Young, a business man of Santa Cruz,
is among the arrivals here.
J. M. Mayfield, a general merchandise dealer
of Rutherford, is at the Russ.
The Rev. and Mrs. G. A. Ottmann of Sacra
mento are at the Occidental.
M. C. Osborne, superintendent of the electri.
cal works at Santa Cruz, is in town.
Nicholas Bowden, the well-known attorney
of San Jose, arrived here last night.
K. H. Beamer of Woodland, member of the
State Board or Equalization, is at the Lick.
C. Jesse Tustins, proprietor of the Golden
Eagle Hotel, Sacramento, is at the Palace.
A. Neilson of Sacramento, who is interested
in flouring-mills there aad elsewhere, is at the
Grand.
W. Foray th of Fresno, well known as one of
leading raisin-growers of that county, is at the
Occidental.
Major William s. McCasfcey of the United
States army, Fort Leavenworth, Kans., is at
the Occidental.
Edward J. Devlin, city editor of the Sacra
mento Bee, is in the City on a brief vacation.
He is at the Lick.
John Harpt, proprietor of an extensive lum
ber-mill at Arcata and owner of a large area of
laud, is in town.
William Franklin, a real estata man of
Stockton, is a guest at the Cosmopolitan,
accompanied by his wife.
J. F. Mahar, a prominent younj lawyer of
Cambridge, N. V., ia a guest at the Cosmopoli
tan Hotel, accompanied by his wife.
K. S. Lopez, Minister from Salvador to Mexico,
Mrs. Lopez and Secretary Acosta of the lega
tion, left last evening for Mexico City,
James Swan of Seymour, Conn., who owns
important railroad interests in Connecticut
and adjoining States, is at the Palace.
Superior Judge G. If. Nicol of Tuolumne
County, who has been in the Ciiy for over a
week past, left for home yesterday morning.
Senator C. P. Berry of Mountain View, who
is not only known in politics, Dut is an exten
sive land-owner and prominent contractor, is
in the City.
Professor W. W. Thoburn of Stanford Univer
sity is in town. He will lecture in the Academy
of Science hall to-night on ".Religion as a
Social Factor."
Charles L. Weidler of Portland, one of the
pioneers of the Willamette Valley and largely
interested in lumbering and other indus
tries, arrived here yesterday.
Louis Dean, a wealthy cattle-owner of Ne
vada, who has his home at Reno and who has
been for many years in the cattle business in
the Sagebrush State, is at the Russ.
William B. Fisher of San Francisco, accom
panied by Mr. Pelhain of Cripple Creek, is
looking after his properties in the Cripple
Creek district.— Cripple Creek Journal.
Colonel H. Trevelynn, formerly of the British
army and in some of the hottest engagements,
notably at Baiaklava, but now engaged in the
peaceful r>ursuit of raising grapes in Fresi>o
County, is at the Palace.
William Harris of New York, an extensive
dealer in California fruits, is in the City. He
is here to visit different parts of the State and
find out what the coming crop will probably
be of all kinds of fruits.
As announced in The Call recently the Pink
erton brothers are arranging to open a detec
tive agency here. The place selected for their
offices is the Crocker building, and several
rooms are now being fitted up. Captain Ileius
will be in charge.
CALIFORNIaNS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK.N. V., Feb. 25.— Edward Abram
son, Siegfried Lion and Ledro Monviela were
among the passengers who sailed on the steam
ship Havel for Bremen; J. H. Ames, Inroerial;
G. E. Pancoast. Astor; A. H. Steel, Gilsey; H.
P. Hayward, Plaza.
John Dillon, the Irish Leader.
[From a sketch made in London a few weeks
since]
A recent dispatch from London announced
that John Dillon had been elected chairman
of the anti-Parnellite section of the Irish
Nationalist party, to succeed Justin McCarthy,
who retires from the leadership.
MY LITTLE WORLD. •
My little world— it lies away
O'er mendows musical with May:
Past pleasant fields where wild doves'wlng
And birds breast-deep in blossoms sing,
And morning-glories climb aud cling.
And there love's banners are unfurled;
Love reigneth o'er my little world.
I pray you mark in the neids and glens
The Curly-headed citizens:
On every brow the morning glows
And every pattering footstep knows
I he way to white .realms of the rose.
And still their steps where'er they be
Wake pathways to the heart of me.
And lo! in fireside lights serene
Her gracious Majesty the Queen!
She weareth love's own diadem. ' ■■_.-.
Her gentle hands no jewels gem, -V. .-':-,
But love bends low and kisses them.
Sweetheart and mother, friend and wife,
Queen of my world and of my life! .
Pare with me to my little world;
i he sleepy citizens are curled
And f-uddlPd now In snowy cots;
The twulght Shades and garden plots, ]
But not these suvei forget-me-nots!
*or th«y are smiling in their dreams
And ou my world the niomins beams.
Fare with me to my world and rest
There where the love is sweetest— best! ■-"■ : '
JNo shadows dim its walls of light,/ .
Xto clouds drift o'er its morning bright - i
w hose rosy rays bring Heaven in sight! - .
inter from thorny ways and sad, - ■ ■
And Kiss the Queen's hand and be Rl*d. i ■
-■•..?„ -^Atlanta Constitution.
PARAGRAPHS ABOUT PEOPLE.
Colonel John Howard of Pettis County, Mo.,
was frit oy seven Yankee bullets "endurin 1 of
de wah," and still has three of them "in his
midst."
Count Magre, the dwarf husband of Mrs.
Tom Thumb, has ordered a bioycie. His height
is thirty inches, and the bicycle, which is to
be made to order, will weigh less than ten
Kittie Reed, the Speaker's 19-year-old daugh
ter, is becoming R great favorite in Washing
ton society. She is said to be a clever, Binctre
and unaffected young woman. She has the
Reed drawl.
Pope Leo is preparing a letter to the Hun
garians for their millennial celebration and
one to the French nation for the commemora
tion of the baptism of Clovis.
There are Scotch as well as Irish bulls. The
Pilot finds one in Andrew Carnegie's article in
the February North American Review, where
he speaks of Canada as a wayward child, un
just and tyrannical to her mother because
bursting into manhood.
Miss Gertrude Simmons, the Sioux Indian
girl who carried off the oratorical honors at
Earlham (Ind.) CoUege the other day was edu
cated at a Quaker school in Wabash, Ind. Srte
was born on the Sioux reservation near Dead
wood, S. D., twenty -one years ago.
The hereditary Prince of Armenia, Guy de
Lushingham, lives quietly at Paris— a lover of
music and art, the author of over nity books
and a highly esteemed scholar and critic. He
is described as a slender, graceful, handsome
man, with white hair and features of patrician
delicacy.
William F. Piper, who was found dead in
Leavenworth, Kans.. the other day, was a lead
ing lawyer in Leavenworth before the war and
opposed General W. T. Sherman in the only
case the general ever tried. General Sherman
lost the case and it is said was so chagrined
that he gave up the practice of law.
Clarence Johnson Barker, the youngest
grandson of the late Commodore Yanderbilt,
died at Biltmore, K. C, last week. He was 31
years old and was the son of Commodore Van
derbilt's daughter Katherine, who married the
late Smith Barker. Mrs. Barker, after her first
husband's death, married a Frenchman named
La Fitte.
Sir John Millais had a patron and friend in
Thackeray. Upon Millais' return from a visit
to Rome on one occasion Thackeray said to
him, "Jack, my boy, I saw a young dog in
Rome named Leighton, and, if you don't look
sharp, one of these days he'll be president of
the academy." This prophecy was fulfilled to
the letter.
Senator Hoar owns a hill, or rather a moun
tain, In Massachusetts, the famous Asnebum
skit Mountain, which lies in the town of Pax
ton, and it has been discovered that not only
is Paxton the central town of the Bay State,
but that Senator Hoar's mountain is the pivot
and the real hub of Massachusetts and accord
ing to devout Yankee belief of the universe.
The men who have Been Sir Walter Scott
must now be getting few. Mr. John Usher
of Stodrig, who died the other day, used to tell
with no small pride that on one occasjon,
when Sir Walter was a visitor at Toftfield, his
birthplace, he had sat on the great novelist's
knee and had sung several songs, for which he
was rewarded by Sir Walter with the present
of a white pony.
C. H. Davidson, a bank president of Wichita,
Kans., has received a notice that his son,
James W. Davidson, has been decorated by the
Mikado of Japan with the Order of the Rising
Sun. It was given to him on account of valua
ble information which he imparted in regard
to the Chinese troops during the recent war.
Mr. Davidson, who is only 23 years old, was a
member of the Peary expedition.
THE SWEETEST SONGS.
I have heard the greatest artists that the world
shall ever see
Ping the grandest music of the day,
I have sat with sou 1 transported in a mist of melody,
As L listen to each llfe-uplifUng lay;
But the music that is sweetest, surest round my
heart, to creep,
Is the voice that every evening softly sings my boy
to sleep.
Singing In the twilight simple, soulful little air»,
Frajjnif-nts of some love song, old and dear;
They touch my better nature and tfiey melt my
heart to tears-
Just the kind of music that i-. always good to
hear;
Bo full of heaven's tenderness with love so sure
and deep
Is the voice thatfln the twilight softly sings my
boy 10 aleep.
Heart-swells from her girlhood, maybe seeing
through mrli.sli tears.
Now doing cradle duty for her God.
They come to me like echoes from the tomb of
burled years —
Just a little glimpse of Kden on the sod;
Oh ! the air la full of angels and their wings around
me sweep.
At I listen to the twilight voice that sings mv boy
to sleep. —Nashville American.
HUMOR OF THE HOUR.
"Have you fast«ned the windows, dear?"
she asked as they were about to retire for the
night.
"No; what's the use? I gave you the last
dollar I had to buy that hat and we needn't
fear burglars."
"But they might sit down on my hat, you
know/—D etroit Free Press.
First Reporter— l tried "to interview a milk
man yesterday.
Second Reporter— What did he talk about?
First Reporter— Nothing. He refused to be
umped.— Philadelphia Record.
"I wonder how he ever persuaded her to
marry him?"
"He told her his first wife married him to re
form him and failed."— Puck.
"I don't see what enjoyment you can find in
playing whist night after night?"
"You don't? My dear boy, the game gives
more opportunity for calling your fellow men
asses, dolts and idiots than any other possible
social occasion." — Cincinnati Enquirer.
Friend— And are you out of danger?
Convalescent— No; the doctor says he will
pay me two or three more visits. — Puck.
Judge— What extenuating circumstances can
you give?
Counterfeiter— Please, your Honor, I made
the money to pay for my lodgings.
Judge— Very good. It will pay for your board
and lodgings for the. next five years.— London
Tit-Bits.
Bigson— How well you're looking this morn
ing, Jigson?
Jigson— Yes; I never looked better in my life.
I'm looking for a man who owes me £s.— Spare
Moments.
"These walls are so built." said the agent of
the flats, showing a prospective tenant
through the house, "that every sound is re
tained; nothing can escape through them."
"That settles It. I don't want any of them.
My wife's got a new piano."— Yonkers States
man.
"I never give to beggars in the street," re
xnarkod a young man to a beggar.
"Will yer honor oblige me with your name
and address and I'll call on you," was the
prompt retort. — Spare Moments.
Hiebee— What are you doing with that old
"First Reader"?
Poeticus— l'm rewriting "Woodman, Spare
That Tree" in words of five syllables for the
Boston public schools.— Philadelphia Record.
Miss Smashum— l don't care for men; in
fact, I've already said "no" to seven of them.
Miss Comely— lndeed! what were they sell
ing?— Adams Freeman.
"What do you do when you go home late at
night and find your wife sitting up waiting for
you?"
"Wish I hadn't gonu home."— New York
Truth.
Mazzby— Blowler was just remarking to me
that all he is he owes to his mother.
Glasby— Yes; and I understand that all he
has he owes to his father— Pearson's Weekly.
Edith— l'm in a quandary.
Isabel— How is that?
Edith— Tom promised to stop drinking if I
marry him, and Jack threatens to begin if I
don't.— Tit-Bits.
Mistress— Mary, how was it I saw you treat
ing your friends to my cake and fruit?
Mary— l can't tell, ma'am, for the life of me,
or I'm sure I covered the keyhole.— Woonsocket
(R. I.) Reporter.
"I hardly know how to begin, sir," said the
would-be son-in-law as a starter.
"Permit me to help you out," said the old
man.
The words were polite enough, but the young
maa thought he saw a glare and got out unas
sisted.—lndianapolis Journal.
'•I say, stranger," whispered a Western man
who had strayed into an uptown theater where
the play of "Romeo and Juliet" was going ou
"I can't make head nor tail of this thing.
What's the name of this play, anyhow?"
" 'Romeo and Juliet.' "
"Well, if I'd known that," eaid the disgusted
Westerner, "I wouldn't have come in. I un
derstood the feller at the door to say it was
something about Omaha and Joliet."— Harlem
Life.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
Church Pboperty— l". 11., City. The follow
ing .table compiled from the Chicago News
Almanac shows how the different States of the
Union deal with church property : . "•."•.,".
, State. . Church .property exempt. Parsonages.
Alabama— . •
All exempt while In exclusive
use .....'.',.... None exempt.
Arkansas — %
All in actual use '. None exempt.
California— •,_■•/
None exempt None exempt.
Colorado— . - ....
All in actual use , : - None exempt.
Connecticut-
All in actual use ... ' Exempt up to
$500.
Delaware— ..
All exempt All exempt owned
by the church. .
Florida-
All exempt..........:........... All exempt.
Georgia— ,-■;. <-j -A- y
All exempt .-. None exempt.
Illinois-
All in actual u5e...... None exempt.
Idaho- • . .
All in actual use and not rented None exempt.
Indiana—
. All in actual use None exempt.
lowa — . ■•...
AU.in actual use All exempt.
Kansas— •
All In actual use with land not
to exceed ten acres .AH owned by a church
occupied by its pastor.
Kentucky-
All exempt..... ....... , All exempt.
Louisiana— • •
None exempt. . None exempt.
Maine— -.
All in use..;.. Up to $6000 each.
Maryland-
All in actual use All exempt.
Massachusetts — . ■:...-, r -■;,
All in actual use None exempt.
Michigan— i
All In actual use ...; All exempt.
Minnesota-
All exempt None exempt.
Mississippi- ••■. i ■ ■•' •■
All exempt '.All owned by re
ligious societies.
Missouri—
All in actual use None exempt.
Montana—
All in actual use .:..;... '..■... None exempt.
Nebraska — ..-..: ,
AH in actual use for such purpose None exempt.
Nevada—
Up to $5000 .........: •.. • None exempt.
New Hampshire-
All exempt Nona exempt.
New Jersey —
AH exempt with land not 10 ex- •■.!%:
. ceed five acres None exempt.
New York-
All in actual use Up to $1500.
North Carolina—.
All in actual use All exempt.
North Dakota-
All in actual u5e...,...- None exempt.
Ohio- ■
All in acuai use... None exempt.
Oregon—
•All in actual use None exempt
Pennsylvania- . . . .
All in actual use ............None except at
__ ■ . • tached to church.
Rhode Island-
Church edifice in actual use and
ground not exceeding one acre.... ' ■'..'
South Carolina-
All in actual use and no* leased All exempt.
South Dakota-
All In actual use , .... All exempt.
Tennessee-^ '.'•■•:■ ■ ■ .:.
All in actual u5e......... All for church purposes
and owned by churches.
Texas- . • .
'AH In actual u5e..:....'. None exempt.
Vermont— ■ ..*,.:.••:
All exempt None exempt.
Virginia-
All in actual u5e......;. All exempt.'
Washington—
Exempt up to $500 None exempt.
Wisconsin- .••'.',; 5?- ■:-.
All in actual use * All exempt.
Wyominc— . . . •
All exempt . AU exempt.
West Virginia— " ■
All in actual use All exempt and
„ ■ ' ' ■ also furniture.
Utah is not given in the table.
The New World.— E. D. X. f Indian Hill,
Sierra County, Cal. The steamer New World
was built in New York, by W. H. Brown, and
when she left that port she was consigned to
Everett & Co., of San Francisco. She was 216
feet keel, 27 feet beam and 9 feet 3 inches
depth of hold. Upon her arrival here she was
placed in the Sacramento River trade, In com
maud of Captain Seymour, and later she was
acquired by the owners of the Senator/ and
ran to Sacramento on alternate. days with that
famous old-time vessel. She left New York,
harbor in charge of Captain Ned Wakeman, on j
the 10th of February, 1850. She did not have
any clearance papers, but she did have on
board a Sheriff's 'deputy, who went on her to
serve some papers, and while- he was doing
this she was cast loose and started outward
bound. The deputy wanted to know what it
all meant, and was told that the steamer was
only making a short trip to test her wheels, but
■when off Sandy Hook .the deputy was given
the choice of going on board of a passing pilot
boat or going -to California. As he was
not prepared to go to the land of cold,
he went on. the pilot-boat, and the
steamer continued on. She put in at Rio de
Janeiro, but as the vessel did not have any
papers Captain Wakeman resorted to a trick to
fool the customs officials. He went over the
side of the vessel, carrying a small tin box in
his hand, and while trying to get into the row
boat he fell into the water and tne tin box he
carried went to the bottom. He was rescued,
and when taken ashore bewailed his misfor
tune, as the box that went to Davy Jones'
locker contained his papers. The officials ac
cepted his story and gave him a certificate as
to the "accident," and that enabled him to put
in at other ports without any trouble. He
stopped at Valparaiso on the 12th of May and
reached Panama on the 21st of June. There
she took on some passengers for San Francisco,
but how many, Answers to Correspondents
was unable to ascertain. The steamer reached
her port of final destination July 11, with 217
passengers. . Her last commander was Captain
Gedge, who ran her between this port and
Vallejo. The vessel has been broken up, and
Captain Ned Wakeman, who brought her, nas
passed away. ".. , -. . ■
Soldier's Naturalization— Citizen, Santa
Barbara, Cal. Any alien of the age of 21 years
and upward who has been in the armies of the
United States ana has been honorably dis
charged therefrom may become a citizen on
his petition without any previous declaration
of intention, provided that he has resided in
the United States at least one year previous to
his application and is of good moral character.
(It is judicially decided that residence of one
year in a particular State is not requisite.) A
man who enlisted, then deserted, then re-en
listed under an assumed name and in time
was honorably discharged from the army of
the United States would hardly come under
the scope of "and is of good moral character,"
and it is doubtful if he could receive his citizen
papers were the facts made known. A man
who would commit the crime of desertion,
then resort to deceit in order to re-enter the
army, is not the kind of man that is contem
plated when the question is asked by a Judge
"is he a man who is upright, of good moral
character and would he make a good citizen?"
President Harrison's proclamation applies only
to those soldiers who deserted during the Civil
War.
Women's Rights— A. S.,.City. This depart
ment does not undertake to comment on the
decisions of judicial olhcers and give opinions
as to the why a Judge decided one way or the
other. As to the rights of women in regard to
property the Civil Code of this State says-
The earnings and the accumulations of the wife
and of her minor children living with her or In her
custody, while she is living apart from her hus
band, are the separate property of the wife
AH property of the wile owned before roarriaee
and that acquired afterward by gift, bequest SV
vise or descent, with the rents, issues and profits
thereof, is her separa c property. The wife may
without the consent of her husband couvev her
separate property. . * " cjr
All other property acquired after marriage by
either husband or wife or both is community
German-A.merica.n-C. H. D., City. An Amer
ican citizen of German birth who has never
performed military duty in Gnrmauy can by
courtesy of the German Government return to
Germany and remain there three months with
out molestation. If he should remain l« w, 1 i
that period of time, except through sic'km-si
or some cause beyond his control, he would ho
the « P Under airescaud tocea into
Montgomery-Jans-S. and others, San Jose
Richard Montgomery and Anneke Jans of \ew
York were not, by marriage or in any wav re
lated. The biographical sketches ol 'General
i limb" t^z^ t^'^:'^°r^^'^^^^^ s l
i Allcf>rt 9 Q poroui J
j r\iICOCK >; Plaster \
■ tinn'Ff.^. :- Xl * Mind— Not one of the host of counterfeits and tmita- ' \
Lijons^as good as the genuine. ... r m
Montgomery do not show that he left any chil
dren. The trustees of tne Trinity Church prop
erty corporation have recently published a
warning to the world to beware of individuals
who are looking for heirs of A n neke Jans and of
Richard Montgomery with * view to institute
suits against the Trinity Corporation. James
Armstxons's Life of Montgomery enters at
length into the details of the general's life.
Misdeal in Whist— T. H., City. In playing
whiEt the dealer who makes a misdeal loses
the deal, except, according to Hoyle, rule 45
and rule 50, as follows:
Knle 45. A misdeal does not lose the deal, If.
during the dealing, either of ihe adversaries touch
the cards prior to the dealer's parrner having done
so; but should the latter have tirst interfered with
tt:e cards, notwithstanding either or both of the
adversaries have subsequently done the same, the
deal is lost. . ,
Kule 50. If the adversaries interrupt a dealer
while dealing, either by questioning the score or
asserting that it fs not his deal, and fail to estab
lish such claim, should a misdeal occur, he may
deal again.
A Mattee of Taste— A. P., City. There is no
law of this State that will prevent a man,
whether layman or priest, from appearing on
the streets in any costume he desires to wear
appropriate to his sex. There is a law that
prohibits any one from appearing in the at
tire not appropriate to the «ex of the wearer.
Casino— A. A., Blue Lake, Cal. If in a game
of casino A wants three points, B wants five,
cards are even, A has spades and two aces and
B has big and little casino and two aces, B
wins, having the precedence in thecaunt. The
count is cards, spades, big caSino, little casino,
aces and sweeps.
No Premium for Either— J. 8., Lob Angela*,
Cal. No premium is offered for a dollar of 1884
nor for a half dollar of 1843. Should you, how
ever, wish to buy either dealers will charge you
from $1 50 to sft2 25 for a dollar of 1834 and
from 75 to 85 cents for a half dollar of 1843.
Rattlers— R. R., City. If you have rattle
snake oil to dispose of you had better offer it
to some druggist, and as to rattlesnake skins
you might find an offer for them from some
dealer in curios.
A GIRL'S HOME GOWN.
This charming little gown shown here is of
blue linen with lines of white. The cuffs are
of white embroidery, with an edge to match
trimming the epaulettes and used as a trim en
collar. The skirt is simply gathered and heat*
mcd. The waist has a plain lining on which
the front is gathered. The front when not
made on the bias, as here shown, is seamless,
the waist fastening in back.
A mixed cheviot dress made in this way bad
ecauletts of black velvet trimmed with a fiat
band of heavy yellowish lace. The belt and
•collar were of white. A blue serge had rows of
gilt braid on the . epaulettes, and a gilt belt
was worn. Tiny gilt buttons were on the
sleeves, five set. close together at the inner
seam and three on either, side of the ; front of
the collar. v __________________
Towxsesd's " Palaco Mixtures," 15 c Ib. .'■•'.",
— — — — : — - — - . i - '..."'
Special information daily to manufacture;*,
business houses and public men by the Press
Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Montgomery. *
■» . ♦ — *
Mr. Chips— Mr. Greathead, I want to map out
aline of journalistic study for you. ' •• . . \
Young Assistant— l am pretty well 'up to
newspaper knowledge as it is, sir. . ,:-\
: Mr.. Chips— l am aware of that, Mr. Great
head, but you know too much. I would sug
gest that you devote one hour each day to for
getting something.— Chips. . '\~- ':''::"■
"■ .-">'.'■ ■ • ■ "
Rheumatism Is overcome by Hood's Sarsapa
rilla, because the latter makes pore, rich, red [blood,
neutralizing the lactic acid, which causes the com
plaint. Hundreds tell of remarkable cures.
■ — '♦ » . — ■
Cobonado.— Atmosphere is perfectly dry, soft
and mild, and is entirely free from the mists com
mon further north. Bound-trip ticket*, by steam
ship, including- fifteen days' board at the Hotel del
Coronado, $60; longer stay $2 50 per day. Apply
•iJiew Montgomery at., San Francisco. :
. «. ♦ — .
tTsK Parker's Ginger. Toxic and stain good
digestion, better health and relief from pain.
Parker's Hair Bat-sam is life to the hair. .
■» — » ■ • \ ■-•<.
Patient— Do you think a sudden fright would
be likely to bring on a relapse? . -
Doctor— Most certainly. , .'.",'■
Patient — Then .please bear that in mind'
when making out your bill.— Calendrier Anec
dotique. • • ■ , / , ' '-._.
i ■ NEW TO-DAY. ; -.r-C^o
mm THPO\A/I
jUft-'DRUG CO.,
f THE OWL
DRUG CO.,
n T T-R 4TP
A ; -- DRUGGISTS!
1128 MATIIIET ST.
■ ' , , -. ■v ■ "
BAKER'S Aw
TAR 'IhA A POSITIVE
S2K?a m , Z3C^ URE -
THE OWL DRUG CO.
San Francisco — Los Angeles. -
Pinkham's Vegetable Compound 75c
Paine's Celery Compound 60c
Joy's and Hood's Sarsaparilla:.. '..'..... '6sc.
THE OWL DRUG CO.
CUT-RATE DRUGGISTS.
Williams' Pink Pills .35c
Castoria.- " ° 25c
Syrup of Figs .......r.... '..... ..35c
Cuticura Resolvent 70c
Warner's Kidney Cure .-....■ i!!!85c
Allcock'3 Porous P1a5ter5. .:.........;.. 10c
• Carter's ana Beecham's Pills ....15^
Allen's Malt Whiskey . 1 .;....; .85c
Romany Oil.-. 20c
WRITE FOR PRICE-LIST.
THE OWITdRUG CO.WEDNESDAY FKBKUARY 26. 1896
AMUSEMENTS.
Baldwin Thkatkr. — "Thr Mountebank."
Cai.iforxta Thfatf.r— -The Bicycle Girl."
CoiiKßi* Thfatf.r— "The Old Limekiln."
>:. ro*co'6 OrKRA-IlorsK —•' Pulse of New
York.
Tivoi.i Otera-Hot-sk.— "Pel Frelsctautz."
Crphfi-m. — Hlch-ClflKS Vaudeville.
trfvrii'R AICA7AK.- • I.ily of Killarney. "
AI'MTORirM- Corner Eddy and .lonei streets—
Sousa's Peerless Hand. Friday evening, Feb. 28.
Viavi Halt.— Illustrated Health Talk to ladies,
this afternoon, at 2 :30 o'clock.
MArrxixot <;n Thkater (Oakland)- Opera—
" II Trovatore."
. c hoot thf. CHfTEs— Pally at Hatght street,
ere block oast of tfco Park.
1 ay District Track. —Races.
AUCTION SALES.
By Sri t ivan <t Poylk— This day (Wednesday),
horses, wagons, etc., at 327 Sixth street, at 11
o'clock.
By Yon Rttkix Co. — Thursday, March 5,
Hen! Kstate, a: salesroom, 513 California street,
nt 12 o'clock.'
CITY NEWS IN BRIEF.
The Tavary Company opens at the Mac
donough Theater, Oakland, to-night.
Professor Zan?ic entertained an audience
with sleight-oi-hand performances last even
ing.
The Attorney-General has rendered an opin
ion relative to several points in the county fee
bill.
Haslett & Bailey, warehouse proprietors,
were yesterday attached f0r510.545 for arrears
in rent.
Frank P. Hooper has petitioned for letters of
« '.in :nistraUon over the estate of John J. Mc-
Kiunon.
Frol Kaier, a cattleman of Harlan, lowa,
committed suicide yesterday through de
spondency.
i.ovornor Budd has appointed Philip Lee
Bi;*h as aid-de-camp on his staff with rank of
lieutenant-colonel.
The Supreme Court has decided that the
p rimary law fa special and local, and, there
fore, unconstitutional.
There will be an appeal in the Hlggins case.
It is based upon a novel point, viz., a plea of
not guilty in a civil pue,
Martin P. Marsick, that great Belgian violin
ist, is ] ractioing duos with his friend Pade
rewski .'or Sunday's concert.
John M. Reynolds claims to have discovered
fd'al defects in the proposed new charter
which will render it invalid.
Sidney V. Smith has been ousted from his
position as attorney for the San Francisco and
North Pacific Railroad Company.
Tim Murphy, Little Cripple, Red Will, Belli
coso. Major Cook and Repeater were the win
ners at the Bay District yesterday.
Prince Luigi of the Cristoforo Colombo re
ceived a silent contusion ot the left shoulder
while at Burlingame on last Sunday.
Mrs. Harriet Wilbeck, knocked down by a
Mission-street car on Sunday afternoon last,
died from her injuries yesterday morning.
E. If. Wardall of Los Angeles, chairman of
the Populist State Central committee, is in the
city. He has given his views on the state of
his party.
An attempt was made to rob George Knaptier
on Pacific and Kearny streets early yesterday
morn mg, and his skull was possibly fractured
by a blow.
All the preliminaries have been arranged,
ami Architect Swayne will file his bonds as
supervising architect of the new ferry depot
to-morrow.
Governor Budd officially inspected the Re
ceiving Hospital yesterday, and expressed the
opinion that insane patients should be kept in
another building.
The charge of battery against J. G. Bennett
of the Pacific Telephone and Telegraph Com
pany, preferred by his wife, was dismissed by
Judge Campbell yesterday.
Property-owners of Ninth avenue do not
want a bituminous pavement at their own ex
pense and will visit the Board of Supervisors
to express their opposition.
The will ol Mendel Esberg has been filed for
probate. He left the bulk of his estate to his
iftmily. There were some charitable bequests
mentioned in his testament.
"Cloudy and foggy to-night and Wednesday
morning, becoming fair during Wednesday":
cooler," has been predicted for to-day by Fore
cast Official W. H. Hammon.
J. M. Hutchings, the old guardian of Yosemite
Valley, has patented a clever device for utiliz
ing the sunlight by means of a reflecting glass
for the uses of a stereopticon.
The new Viticultural College will have an
office and make a display of the products of
the vine at the new State Board of Trade
headquarters at 16 Post street.
The Union League Club held a meeting
yesterday. It arranged for a rally for the re
ception of the Republican State Central Com
mittee next Saturday evening.
The Harbor Commissioners are in favor of
the establishing of a free produce market on
the water front, and President Colnon hasbeeu
deputed to arrange the preliminaries.
M. E. Oliver, a grainer. has been separated
from his young wife by his mother-in-law,
Mrs. Brady. 143 Minna street, who refuses to
give up possession of his clothes and tools.
The British ship Oimara made the fast run of
sixty-two days from San Francisco to Mel
bourne. Australia, after having her fore, main
and inizzen topmasts carried away in a gale.
Charles Sumner Young, who was appointed
Puperintendent of Schools and rejected, has
been given the position of right of way agent
of .the San Francisco and £-an Joaquin Valley
Railway.
Judge Hebbard has decided that the 5000
shares of the i^an Francisco and North Pacific
Kailroad Company placed in pledge lor the
security of certain agreements, must be turned
over to the Donahue estate.
The Public Administrator has petitioned for
of administration over the estate of
William Renion. Renton died July 18, 1891,
leaving a will under which the late John j'.
McKinnon was appointed administrator. Me-
Kinnon's death causes a vacancy which the
Public Administrator wants to fill".
NEW TO-DAT.
■ ■
M fy* *2* X
\T*4v r^'V -r ' m
'./TV/ JPHh )
Beauty and Purity
Found in Cuticura
CUTICURA realizes the greatest of human
blessings, a skin without Blemish and a Body
nourished with Pure Blood.
Speedy Cure treatment for every form of Skin, Scalp, and Blood
Disease, with loss of Hair. — Warm baths with CUTICURA SOAP,
gentle applications of CUTICURA (ointment), the great skin . cure,
and mild doses of CUTICURA RESOLVENT, the new blood purifier. .
Bold throughout the world. British depot : F. Nbwmrt & Bons, 1, King Edward London.
Pottzs Dhvq a?d Cbsmicai. Cohpobatiom, Bolt Proprietor!, Boston. U. B- A. ','-.->-'-:«•• n.
THE NEW CHARIER
MAY BE INVALID
Only One Board of Super
visors Is Provided
For.
THERE SHOULD BE TWO.
The Union for Practical Progress
Will Take the Matter
Up.
AGAINST THE CONSTITUTION.
John M. Reynolds Finds What He
Considers Fatal Defects in the
Instrument.
A defect which is believed by those who
have studied the matter to be a fatal one
has been discovered in the proposed
charter for the City and County of San
Francisco which the Board of Freeholders,
elected on November 6, 1894, drafted dur
ing January, 1895.
One of the stanchest opponents of the
charter is John M. Reynolds of the Union
for Practical Progress, who has been study
ing the matter for months past. Recently
Mr. Reynolds found, as he believes, that
the document is in direct conflict with
the constitution of the State, and, after a
consultation with a number of prominent
attorneys, he has laid the matter before
the organization which he represents.
"I am free to state," said Mr. Reynolds
yesterday, "that 1 am opposed to the
charter, because it puts too much power
in the hands of one man— the Mayor— and
I have Deen looking for some defect in it
to prove that it is not the instrument that
will best serve the interests of this City.
"I am satisfied that I have found it.Tho
constitution of this State provides that in
consolidated governments of cities and
counties, where the population exceeds
100,000, there shall be two Boards of Super
visors, or houses of legislation, of twelve
men each.
"See whether sections 7 and 8 of article
II of the constitution of California do not
bear me out. Section 7 reads as follows :
City and county governments -may be con
solidated and merged into one municipal gov
ernment with one set of officers and may be
incorporated under general laws providing for
the incorporation and organization of corpor
ations for municipal purposes. The provisions
of this constitution applicable to cities, and
also those applicable to counties, so far as not
inconsistent nor prohibited to citie6, shall be
applicable to such municipal government. In
consolidated city aud county governments of
more than 100.000 population there shall be
two Boards of Supervisors or houses of legisla
tion, one of which, to consist of twelve per
sons, shall be elected by general ticket from
the city and county at large and shall hold of
fice for the term of four years, but shall be so
classified that alter the first election only six
shall be elected every two years; the other, to
consist of twelve persons, shall be elected every
two years and shall hold office for two years.
Any vacancy occurring in the office of Super
visors, in either board, shall be filled by the
Mayor or other executive officer.
Sec. 8. Any city containing a population of
more than 100,000 inhabitants may frame a
charter for its own governmen iconsistent
with and subject to the constitution and laws
of this State by causing a board of fifteen free
holders, who shall have been at least five
years qualified electors thereof, to be elected
by the qualified voters of said city at any
general or special election, whose duty it shall
be. within ninety days after such election, to
prepare and propose a charter for such city,
which shall be signed in duplicate by the
members of such board or a majority of them
and returned, one copy to the Mayor thereof
or other chief executive officer of such city,
and the other to the Recorder of Deeds of trie
county. Such proposed charter shall then be
published in two daily papers of general cir
culation in such city for at least twenty days,
and within not less than thirty days after such
publication it shall be submitted "to the quali
fied electors of such city at a general or special
election, and, if a majority of such qualified
electors voting thereat shall ratify the same,
it shall thereafter be submitted to the Legisla
ture for its approval or rejection as a whole,
withou t power of alteration or amendment.
"Thus, you see that two Boards of Super
visors are expresslj provided for, and after
the Board of Freeholders has filed its re
port there is no power given any one to
change the result of their deliberations,
even the Legislature being prohibited from
so doing.
"Now, witness how the Freeholders
ignored the constitution and placed the
power of legislation in the hands of a
single Board of Supervisors. Here is what
the charter says in its opening paragraphs
regarding the Supervisors:
ARTICLE 11.
Legislative Department.
CHAPTER I.
Of the Supervisors.
Section 1. The legislative power of the City
and County of San Francisco shall be vested
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 26. 1896.
in a legislative body which shall be designated
the Board of Supervisors; sucli body is also
designated in this charter the Supervisors.
Sec. 2. The Board of Supervisors shall con
sist of twelve members, wno shall be elected
by general ticket from the City and County at
large and shall hold office for two years.
Sec. 4. Seven members of the "board shall
constitute a quorum, but a less number may
adjourn from day to day and compel the at
tendance of absent members in such manner
and under such penalties as the board may
prescribe.
'"Only one Board of Supervisors pro
vided for. The charter is clearly in con
flict with the constitution and must fall.
I have consulted Mr. Metson of the law
hrni of Reddy, Campbell Sc Metson, C. A.
Reynolds and other prominent attorneys,
and they all agree with me tuat the instru
ment is invalid.
"It seems incredible that a Board of
freeholders composed of intelligent, think
ing men. some of them attorneys, should
have made such a mistake. I would hardly
like to accuse the corporations with Hav
ing tools in the board, but perhaps they
had, and this fatal oversight may be the
result of their fine work."
DECISION REVERSED.
Important Ruling of the Court, of Ap
peals Affecting Commlssion-
Housos.
The United States Court of Appeals has
reversed the ruling of Judge McKenna in
the case of Dimond et al. against John C.
Quinn, late Collector of Internal Revenue.
It was one of a dozen suits brought by
the Revenue Collector to collect a tax
levied by him on commission-houses for
being engaged in the wholesale liquor
business. The firm of Williams, Dimond
& Co. and others bought liquor in specific
quantities for foreign agents and charged
a commission of ly^ to 5 per cent, plus the
cost of the liquor.
They refused to pay the tax and Judge
McKenna held they were not liquor
dealers. The Court of Appeals reversed
his decision and held that the commission
men might recover from the CoUec;or the
tax illegally collected from them. Judge
Gilbert rendered the opinion, Judge Haw
ley assenting; Judge Morrow dissented.
This will have a bearing on the many
cases of a similar character now pending
in the lower court.
INVADED BY PIGEONS
Myriads of Pretty Birds Have
Destroyed the Madrone
Berries.
So Plentiful That Any One Could Get
Them in Large Numbers — Their
Queer Departure.
C. C. Martin, a pioneer of over forty
four years in the Santa Cruz Mountains,
and who owns an extensive grove of red
woods at Glenwood, on the narrow-erauge
railroad, is at the Grand.
The white-bearded Californian was the
intimate friend of Mountain Charley,
whose head was torn open by a powerful
grizzly in the redwoods, and waited on
him through his illness till he recovered.
It was a great surprise, for Mr. Martin had
many a night watched the pulsations of
his brain.
Mr. Martin says there have for several
weeks past been an enormous number of
wild pigeons in the Sunta Cruz Mountains.
'.The number has fully equaled the swarms
that rilled the mountains four years ago,
when hunters were almost surfeited with
the number which they bagged. They
were as fat, too, as on any former period
when they made their visits.
The pretty birds always seem to know
when the madrone and piona berries are
plentiful, otherwise they do not come.
Their coming is mysterious and without
any previous indication. They have come
C. C. Martin, Who Has Lived for 44 Years in the Redwoods of the Santa Cruz
Mountains.
\Sketched from life by a " Call " artist.]
in such numbers as to almost shut out the
light of the sun. They have also broken
off limbs in plenty by their weight. The
pigeons have, however, all about got ready
to go, as the end of the berry season has
come.
"There have been a great many birds
this year, indeed," said Mr. Martin. "The
madrone berries were especially tine and
plentiful. There were also a great many
other berries.
"A great many of the pipeons have been
killed. There is a good deal of other came
there, too, as for instance, deer, rabbits
and quail. There are gray squirrels, too,
but I do not allow the latter to be shot
immediately about me. I have eighty
acres of redwoods in one place covering a
glade and some 1200 acres over which tlie
trees grow more or less thickly. 1 should
say there are some millions of trees there,
but I am not cutting any of the redwoods,
but am keeping them as an heirloom to
my family.
"1 have lived in the mountains forty
four years, having settled in them when
there was but one house between me and
Mission ban Jose. Mountain Charley,
who had his head torn open by the
grizzly, had the closest call for his life I
ever saw. The skull was either broken or
raked clear for a space three by four
inches. In the early times grizzlies liter
ally swarmed through my redwoods."
Mr. Martin came to California first forty
seven years aero as a sailor on board the
ship John M. Mayo. "At that time,"
said he, "where the Palace Hotel now
stands was a high sandhill, and it was an
actual fact taut the water came well up
toward the hill."
PANAMA RATES
TO COME DOWN
A Crucial Test Between
the Two Water-Route
Carriers.
PACIFIC MAIL TACTICS.
Everything Done to Discourage
Traffic by Way of the
Isthmus.
SCHWERIN CALLED TO TIME.
The Panama Railroad Company Has
Made a Demand for a Greatly
Reduced Tariff.
Tilings are not as harmonious between
the Pacific Mail Steamship Company and
the Panama Railroad Company as they
might naturally be expected to be between
corporations that bound themselves in a
mutual compact only a few months ago.
Ever since the famous Huntington-Sim
mons contract the developments have been
of such a character as to permit the South
ern Pacific and other transcontinental
companies to increase rates and to force
freight over the Southern Paciiic Railroad.
The increase of rates by the transconti
nental lines was at once followed by an
increase in the rates for eastbound busi
ness via Panama. These rates are made
by the Pacific Mail Company, while the
westbound rates are in the hands of the
Panama Railroad people.
In a recent dispatch it was stated that
one steamer of the Panama Railroad's line
on the Atlantic, the Aliianca, had to make
its last trip from Colon to New York en
tirely without cargo.
According to the recently ratified agree
ment the Pacific Mail is pledged to run
aline of steamers to Panama from San
Francisco, and thus to furnish the steam
ers of the Panama people on the Atlantic
with all the freight they require.
The reason assigned by the Pacific Mail
Company for its failure to deliver the
requisite amount of business to the Pan
ama roao is that the Central American
and west coast tralfic is so heavy that
there was not room enough on the Pacific
Mail steamers for through freight.
It is also stated that for its violation of
this provision of the contract the Pacific
Mail Company will have to pay an indem
nity to the Panama Railroad Company,
arbitration to determine the amount.
This arrangement appeared to many
merchants here to be a new way of utiliz
ing the I'anama Railroad Company as a
catspaw for the Southern Pacific by vir
tually paying the Panama Railroad a sub
sidy in the disguise of a penalty.
When E. H. liinton, the general agent
of the Panama Railroad Company in this
City, had his attention called to this situ
ation he emphatically denied that there
was any such scheme with the knowledge
or consent of the company. '-Our people,"'
he added, "I am sure would not them
selves be a party to any such arrange
ment. We are in the held for the business
we propose to have. The trouble has sim
ply arisen from the withdrawal of the Pa-
Cine Mail steamers from the Atlantic side
j and the Panama steamers from this side.
We are both arranging to supplement our
services, and then, I think, there will be
no more trouble."
A different story is told, however, by
others who have knowledge of what is
transpiring between the hearts of the two
companies. It is stated that the Pacific
Mail is deliberately doing everything that
it can to discourage throupn shipments via
Panama, with the view of diverting such
traftic to the Southern Pacific Railroad.
Manager Bchwerin of the Pacific Mail is
often applied to for westbound rates over
the Panama route, which the Panama peo
ple alone have the right to make. Instead,
however, of referring applicants to Mr.
Ilinton, the local general asent of the
company, he has been telling shippers
either that he does not know to whom they
should apply or he has referred them to
the New York office of the Panama com
pany. Yet he has no reason for this pe
culiar conduct, for he with many of the
local merchants have received the circular
of that company stating that Mr. Hinton
is acain prepared to quote rates for west
bound business.
But the best evidence that there is seri
ous friction between the two contracting
companies is shown in the fact that on the
10th of this month the Panama Railroad
gave notice to the Pacific Mail Company
that it desired the eastbound rates reduced
to a figure that would insure business for
the Panama route.
The rates fixed when the recent advance
was made was (JO cents per 100 pounds for
those commodities that were most largely
shipped via the isthmus. This was an in
crease of about 25 cents per 100 pounds,
and developments since then have demon
strated that the advance was too great to
attract business over the longer route.
While according to the contract the Pa
cific Mail has the right to make eastbound
rates, the Panama Company has still a
voice in the matter. The latter compa
ny's position in the matter was thus stated
by Mr. Hinton in an interview published
in The Call of January 15, 1896: "While
the Panama Railroad "may not actually
publish the tariff of rates on eastbound
business, it retains a controlling influence
in determining from time to time what
such rates shall be."
The new tariff suggested by the Panama
Railroad people makes a radical reduction.
It provides that the existing 60 cent rate
be reduced to 40 cents, a reduction of 33 l A
percent. The Pacific Mail people are of
course opposed to this, as their steamers
have ample to do in carrying Central
American freight, and they are conse
quently not desirous of acceding to any
thing that would stimulate the through
business to the decrease of their more
profitable local traffic, to say nothing of
the effect such a reduction would have on
shipments over the Southern Pacific Rail
road. The outcome of this effort on the
part of the Panama Railroad Company to
make the Pacific Mail Steamship Cim
pany live up to the spirit of its contract is
being watched with great interest in ship
ping circles.
BUDD AT THE HOSPITAL.
He Makes an Official Investigation of
the Premises.
Governor Budd paid an official visit to
the Receiving Hospital yesterday morn
ing. He was accompanied by Health Offi
cer Lovelace, Dr. Morse ol the Board of
Health and Sheriff Whelan.
They were received by Police Surgeon
Weil, who pointed out the need of better
and more modern facilities in many
branches of the hospital service. The
Governor found no cau^e for complaint,
except in regard to the insane ward. He
declared it was the worst place he was ever
in, and added, '-I would not kaep hogs in
such a place, and it is an outrage that the
City docs not make better provision for
the unfortunate insane." He promised to
recommend to the Board of Health that
the insane ward be transferred to some
other building, as he did not believe the
hospital should be cumbered with the care
of insane patients.
CRAB-FISHERS TRICKED.
They Took a Tow-Line Which
Pulled Them Into a Jus
tice's Court.
Davis and His Pistol — Four Men Fined
for Neglecting to Pay the State
License.
Deputy Fish Commissioners Al Wilson
and Davis played a mean trick upon four
crab-fishers last Monday. There is a
State law making it compulsory for all
crab fishermen to pay a State license of
$.") a year, the money going to the support
of the commission and the hatcheries.
Around the San Francisco Bay are dozens
of men who make a livirfg by catching
crabs outside of the heads. These men
have persistently refused to pay the State
license and have resorted to all sorts of
tricks to avoid payment.
On Monday the two deputies started
down the bay in the launch and waited
across the bar for the return of the crab
tishing boats. When tlie latter appeared
in a bunch late in the afternoon the
deputies in the launch called out to the
fishermen to throw them a line. The four
fishermen, not recognizing the deputies,
were only too glad to receive a "lift," as
they supposed, because the wind had gone
down and there was every prospect of a
hard pull along the water front from Fort
Point to the Vallejo-street wharf.
Within three minutes four boats were in
tow of the launch, and their occupants
were loud in their expression of thanks to
the men in the launch for their kindness
of heart. The crabbers' faces beamed with
joy as they settled back on their seats
while their boats cut through the water.
Wilson and Davis smiled grimly, and
when well inside of the heads headed the
launch for the Marin County shore. Then
the men in the boats in tow" began to look
uneasy as the San Francisco shore began
to recede. A little later they began to
gesture thai they wanted togo in that
direction, and for the launchmen to cast
off the tow-lines. The deputies laughed
and pointed toward Sausalito. By this
time the crab- fishers began to realize that
there was something wrong, and one got
out his knife to cut the tow-line.
Davis arose in the stern of the launch
and, drawing a revolver, yelled, "If you
cut loose I'll blow your blamed head off!"
That was all the argument the fishermen
wanted, and though they raved and swore
like pirates no one tried to cut his tow
line. The four, whose names are F. Sla
vina, P. Sorantino, N. Slavina and P.
Neroso, were taken to Sausalito under
arrest. The reason for taking them across
the bay was because there would be less
trouble in securing convictions than there
is in the San Francisco police courts.
The men were taken at once before Jus
tice of the Peace Batrue, who compelled
them to pay their licenses and fined them
$18 for the costs.
CENTRAL PACIFIC SUED
Patents to Mineral Land in
Northern Counties in
Dispute.
The Government Commences Action
to Remove the Claims of the
Railroad.
District Attorney Foote yesterday re*
ceived instructions from Washington to
bring suit at the instance of the United
States Government against the Central Pa
cific Railroad Company to relinquish title
to 936G acres of land long since held by
that corporation. The suit will be brought
against ihe Central Pacific as the successor
of the California and Oregon Railroad
Company.
The claim is set forth by the United
States Government that this vast acreage
was erroneously patented to the corpora
tion in question, and action is now brought
to set aside the same, as the time for such
a proceeding would expire under the act
of limitations of March 3, 1891, on neit
Monday.
The land in dispute is located in the
counties of Butte, Sutter, Tehama, Yuba
and Shasta, in the State of California. It
is valued at upward of $1,000,000.
Much of this land was patented because
of the fact that at the time the railroad
company filed its maps of the survey
under the act of July 26, 1866. and the
withdrawals were allowed by the Secretary
of the Treasury, the land was held to be of
a mineral character and was exempt from
the patent afterward issued. Some of the
land had also been pre-empted by home
steaders.
Suit is brought at this time to prevent
the rights of the Government from being
barred.
Watson to lie Chosen.
It has been decided that Ambrose Watson,
late clerk of Judge Conlan's Police Court, will
take the place left by Harry Morris in the
County Clerk's office. County Clerk Curry has
decided not to put Morris back and so Watson
has beeu selected for the place.
ALONG THE WATER FRONT
Architect Swayne Will Supervise
the Erecting of the
Ferry Depot.
THE FREE PRODUCE MARKET.
Fast Trip of the Oimara to Melbourne
After Losing All Her
Topmasts.
The difficulty between Architect E. R.
Swayne and the Brown estate over the
working plans for the new ferry depot is
almost a thing of the past. At the meet
ing of the Harbor Commissioners yester
day Mr. Swayne presented his contract,
which he wished the board to sign. After
a few modifications suggested by Presi
dent Colnon and which were agreed to by
Swayne's attorney it was decided to sign
the contract next Thursday, when the
architect will furnish a $10,000 bond for the
careful carrying out of the wort. In this
manner another step toward the beginning
of the depot will have been accomplished.
The request of the fruit-growers of Sutter
County for a free market on the water front
led to a long discussion. President Colnon
championed the cause of the farmers and
it was finally left to him to arrange the de
tails of the preliminary work looking
toward the establishment of such a free
market as the farmers seem to desire.
Superintendent Wilder of the Southern !
Pacific wrote in regard to the complaint
of Wells, Fargo & Co. that the latter was
compelled to pay rent at the ferry. Wilder
denied that such was the case and said
that the express company was simply
charged tolls. The Commissioners decided
to allow the two companies to fight out the
toll question alone.
Chief Engineer Holmes drew the atten- |
lion of the board to the fact that the .
steamer Hiawatha had charged $8 for sup
plying water to one of the State's pile
drivers. This he considered about twelve |
times more than should have been charged
accconiing to the rates laid down by the i
Supervisors. No action was taken in the !
matter, as the members of the board will j
await the action of the Grand Jury.
The sealing fleet has been heard from
again. The schooner J. P. Eppingerwas ,
spoken off the Farailones last Saturday i
with 700 skins aboard. These have all been |
taken on the coast and is considered to be
a remarkable catch for this time of the
year. The captain reported having lost a >
boat and three men, but the schooner :
Mary C, which arrived from Drake's Bay j
yesterday, reports leaving the boat and ;
men safe and sound at that point. The .
Mary C also brought down the boat of the
steamer Willamette, which the captain
sent ashore to notify San Francisco that
his vessel was in distress. The men came
here overland and the boat was towed
down.
The reconstructed steamer Al-Ki will
leave for Alaska on March 1 next.
Splendid passenger accommodations have
been built on her and she will be one of
the finest vessels in the fleet that regu
larly run to Sitka. The Mexico and City
of Topeka are already on the Sound and
when ibe Queen joins them next June the
Pacific Coast Steamship Company will
have four vessels plying in Alaskan waters.
Albert Brown, John Burns and Thomas
Clark were all arrested yesterday on
charges of petty larceny by the Harbor
Police. Brown robbed L. Heinrich
while the latter was asleep and Burns
stole three razors from L. Acosta, 515 East
street. Brown and Heinrich are contor
tionists who came here to get an engage
ment at the Orpheum. Clark is a sailor
who stole a knife and a razor from his
boarding-master.
The British ship Oimara, which left here
on December 25 last, made the smart
run of 62 days to Melbourne. Australia.
She was caught in a succession of gales
and lost her fore, main and mlzzen top
masts during the run. ,
Mounteney Jephson, Stanley's able and
faithful lieutenant, has recently been ap
pointed a Queen's messenper, a position of
great responsibility, which may call him
to South Africa.
NEW TO-DAY.
€D How Do
J£^ Prices
OurCu'toLrs. Ul I IOU I
Trusses .: $1 50
Elastic Stockings... 2 50
Galvanic or Faradic Batteries 5 00
Electric Belts 4 00
Don't buy an Electric Belt until you have
seen ours.
Ear TlornB 2 50
Obesity Belts 2 25
Scott's English Catarrh Cure, 6 months'
treatment, price.. 3 50
Call for free trial.
Crotches, per pair '.. 2 50
! Eye Glasses and Spectacles at one-half optician
prices. Glasses fitted by a Scientific Optician.
We have a large stock of Shoulder Braces, Rub-
ber Cushions, Air Pillows, Uterine Supporters,
Rubfcer Urinals, Elastic Stockings, Leggings,
Anklets, Knee Caps,' etc., at Cut Rates.
NO PERCENTAGE PHARMACY,
853 Marlx.et Street,
South side, bet. Fifth and Sixth. .".•■.'.•
NEW . TO-DAY-AMUSEMENTS.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE
Mrs. Ernestine Kkeling, Proprietor & Manager
THIS EVENING 1- — -SECOND WEEK !
Splendid Electric Production of "
"DER FREISCHUTZ"
OR '
"THE SEVEN CHARMED BULLETS"
The Most Wondrous Brocken Scene Ever
c;/ ;. . Shown in This City.
H—— CASTS INCLUDE .
Ida Valevga, Kate March!,
Anna Schnabel, John J. Kaffael,
Martin Paclie, \ Marcel Perron,
XV.- 11. West, Arthur Boy cc. f.
Grand Chorus !— ; Superb Orchestra!
Next Week-"RIP VAN WINKLE."
Popular Prices— 2sc and sOc.
THE AUDITORIUM.
Corner of Eddy and Jones sts. . .
Fbiedlandek, Gottlob Co., Lessees&Managers
. . "••■'"■ FKIDAYT~ SATURDAY. SUN-
DAY, Feb. 28. 29 and March 1.
SATURDAY a'ndf bU.NIJAY.
§FRID.VV7~ SATURDAY, SUN-
DAY, Feb. 28, 29 and March 1.
SATURDAY and SUNDAY.
Sousa's
PEERLESS BAND.
JBSOSL Mlss Assisted by Violinist.
Miss CUHKIE DUKE, Violinist.
|^nL(^L.Mis9 MYBI'A FRENCH, Soprano
CzQlmßtgF^Mr- ARTHUR PRYOR.Trombone
*^VS^ SE ATS— '2sc. 50c, 75c and SI. •
': • ■: On sale at Sherman, Clay <fc Ca's.
MARCH 3-ANNA EVA FAY. ,
AN APPROVED LENTEN DIVER-
. SION IS SHOOTING the CHUTES
and TRIPPING THE TROLLEY I
Concerts Afternoon and Evening
ADMISSION lo CENx".
Children (including Merry-Qo-Rouaa Ride). 10c
NEW TO-DAY.
Dame Nature alone
produced the delicious
flavor in the "MAN-
TELL" cigar*
No drug has ever
been found to equal it*
Are there any coun-
try dealers not yet sup-
I plied? If so we'll ship
Mantells on approval
carriage both ways free
if unsatisfactory.
i THE WEBTHEIMER CO., Wholesolers, S. F.
NEW TO-DAT- AMUSEMENTS.
li»VriEMTR£^ PROPS
Two Weeks' Ei;gao;empnt— The Favorite Actor,
FREDERICK WARDE
And His Celebrated Com pan v.
TO-NIGHT and Friday Night and *a\ Matinee,
"THE MOISTEB.UK."
\X\\i JUVUiiIIjdAjK.
Thursday "THE LION'S Mlll'TH"
Saturday (only time) "VIIUiIMUS"
A WEEK WITH SHAKESPEARE ! ;
MONDAY, MARCH 9.
Monday, Thursday, ! Mr. Warde's Latest Success.
. Friday Kv s. and I .....^ ¥ »— A .-*
Saturday Matinee | KING LEAR
Pronounced a Triumph by the Press.
Tuesday (only time). DAMON" and PYTHIAS
Mr. Warde as Damon, Mr. Herman as I'yihias.
Wednesday and Saturday Nights,
TTJTjItJS CAESAR.
Mr. W'arde as Brutus, Mr. Herman as Cassius,
Charles Sutton as Antony.
Every Play Superbly Mounted!
Every Scene si Picture !
The Foremost Company of America!
EXTRA— Sunday Night. March 1,
GRAND POPULAR CONCERT!
First appearance of the Parisian violinist. MAR-
SICK, in conjunction with PADKREWSKI (fare
well appearance), liryi'rices— $1 to $3. Seat*
ready TO-DAY.
tturoiras
W THEATRE props.
EVEKV NIGHT— This AVe»k Only!
MATIN KE SATURDAY!
The idol of the Fun-making World,
— — JOLLY XKLLIE
And Her Excellent Farce-Comedy Company, pre-
senting
"THE BICYCLE GIRL!"
Bright Music, Catchy songs, Pretty Dances.
Beautiful Girls, Elaborate Costumes, and
Effective Scenery.
Monday, March 16.- "MEXICO"
'.V- : ' A
SSy A! C A~7 AD
TO-NIGHT— NO Matinee to-day— the
THE CARLEM OPERA COMPAQ !
In Sir Julius Benedict's
"LILYOF KILLARNEY!"
jBf3~The Operatic Success of the Season.
PRICES— Iot, 25<\J5c, 50c and 75c.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
PRICES— ISc, 25c, 35c and 50c.
Monday— "FßA DIAVOLO." Three nights only.
/mCDIATIOtR.OOTTLOD «_omSm ahb rwiutUU • • •
WE ARE I TURNING
STILL | PEOPLE AWAY!
The Charming Comedienne,
KATIE_PUTNAM
"THE OLD Lime kiln"
And Delightful Little GERTIE CARLISLE
in New songs and Dane
Next Monday "A Railroad Ticket"
MOROSCO'S
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
The Handsomest Family Theater in America.
WALTER MOROSCO, Sole Lessee and Manager
THIS EVENING AT EIGHT,
Howard Taylor's Masterpiece,
PULSE OF NEW YORKI
In Which Will Be Introduced New and
Astounding. Mechanical Effects.
SEE The Pile-Driver Scene! The Elevated Rail-
road ! The Sensational Fire Scene '
.Evkntn-o Pricks— 2Bo and 533.
■--.V Family CircJe and Gallery. 103.
Usual Matinees Saturday anU SunrfaT.
ORPHEUM.
O'FaiTell Street, Between Stoclctoa anl Po*r«l!.
TO-NIGHT AND DURING THE WEEK
7 NEW PEOPLE! 4 NEW ACTS!
A Brilliant List of Celebrities !
THE BROS. DIANTA.
FOREMAN and FANNAN,
THE ROSSLEYS,
ELLA ELLIS,
THE PANTZtRS,
THE WILTONS,
; <■• And Last Week of the Favorites,
CARROLL JOHNSON & BILLY CARTER
.Reserved seats, "2Bc: Balcony, 10c: Opera caalri
and Box seats. 50c.
MACDONOUGH THEATER
(OAKLAND).
Marie Tavary Grand Opera Company.
TO-NIGHT -"IL TROVATOKE." Matmee
To-Morrow (Popular Prices), "Bohemian Girl."
Thursday Evening (Farewell), "Carmen."
Secure seats In advance.
AN ILLUSTRATED
HEALTH TALK
WILL BE GIVEN- — -.'■'
TO LADIES
AT THE
VIAVI LECTURE HALL,
2304-6-8 Van Ness Avenue, near Vallejo Street,
Wednesday, February 26th, •
At 2:30 o'clock p. si.
Ladles are cordially invited to attend whether
patients of the Viavi home treatment or co:.
RACING! RACING! RACING!
CALIFORNIA-JOCKEY CLUB.
WINTER MEETING ■
Beginning Thursday, February 2Oi
BAY DISTRICT TRACK.
Racing Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday,'
Friday and Saturday. Rain or Shine.
FIVE OR MOKE RACES EACH DAY.
■- Races start at 2 :00 P. m. sharp.
McAllister and Geary street cars pass the gats.
It. Is. MILROY. THOS. H. WILLIAMS JR.,
. Secretary. President. '
78
PAPAL DOMINION
IN CIVIL LIFE
Donald M. Ross Cites Au
thorities on Proposi
tion No. 2.
CHALLENGES P. C. YORKE
The Priest Asked to Name the
Man He Charges With Be
ing a Thief.
SOURCES OF ALL CITATIONS.
Said to Have Been Taken Only From
Catholic Books of Accepted
Authority.
Rev. Donald M. Ross last night, at Met
ropolitan Hall, took up the second propo-
Bidoa of the controversy between himself
and llev. Peter C. Yorke and quoted Cath
olic authorities and argued tnerefrom to
sustain his position, which is that:
" IHe Pope and the priests ought to have
dominion over temporal affairs."
Major E. A. Sherman opened the meet
ing, speaking ab follows:
The audience is the judge In the matter.
You are the judges. I am simply acting as
commissioner to pass upon what Mr. Ross pre
senu and see that his quotations from the
authorities he cites are correct. I shall do this
at the end of the proceedings. But the find
ings and the conclusions will rest with you.
1 nave gone through, them with his" thor
oughly and there is nothing in what he will
at that is not contained in a book printed
by ;he authority of the Roman Catholic church
and approved by the Catholic dignitaries oi
:lus country as well as those of Rome. There
ia not a single sentence or paragraph quoted
by Mr. Ross that is not exactly as j,nnted in
me books.
I am surprised that Rome has gone so far as
t-he has in the direction of using printed type.
And when the linai day of judgment comes I
believe that the devil will get tome credit for
permitting the Savior to save mankind. There
lore the people of this City and of the United
.■-; a;« ov.e a great debt oi gratitude to Peter
for bringing out and- exposing what
Home is.
It has thrown down the drawbridge and per
mitted us to enter the fortifications aud find
out just what Rome is and what her power is
w v would be exercised if she were un
contro
that has been done in this City and
throughout the United States in arousing the
Protestant sentiment in the laud has been
nothing h:A the merest kindergarten work of
the great battle to be fought.
The power of the Roman church is beyond
description, and the only thing that they rely
upon v the ignorance of the Catholic people,
• :,at they will continue to obey the Pope,
cally and otherwi- ■.
w ben ilr. Ross gets through he will have
shown to you in tho clearest manner what he
maintains by the declarations of Rume.
And I will say this, that every man who
- allegiance to Rome has been educated
under the rule of that church. There is no
wan fit to be a true citizen of these United
States, <)T v. prODei officer of the people, who
sen thus educated. 1 only ask you now
-;. :: calmly and exercise your patience
until the whole cxposuie is made.
1 somehow, and i say it with all reverence,
believe that in these circumstances whicn
bare brought us together may be recognized
the hand ot the Aunlghty Father, and the duty
which I owe t<> him, to my country and to niv
family urges me to further indorse ttiis cause.
My ;.«it history is secure. I care not wtiat Mr.
Yorke may say against me. I enjoy the confi
deuce of my friends and the organizations to
which 1 belong. 1 am among ether tilings a
Mason, an organization with 7,o<>o,<JOO en
roiled members. We also are interested jn this
thing, as tvery good citizen should be. I only
regret that 1 am not twenty-live or thirty years
younger than I am, so that 1 might "take a
belter hold of this battle.
Jessie Brock Morgan sang the "Red,
AVliite and Blue," and was promptly fol
lowed by Key. Donald M. llo^s, wlio apoke
as follows:
Before 1 bepln I am going to say something.
[Laughter. l Now, I am starting to do some
challenging, and I am just going to dare
Father Yorke to use the man's name he refers
to in the Examiner this morning. I dare Pe
ter C. Y'orke- to name the man with whom I
tite. I simply dare him to name the thief
with whom I associate. Let me read you this
from the Examiner:
He said that lie had a priest helping him in this
controversy. 1 hereby brand him as a malicious
liar. .No priest has helped him In this controversy,
He bun, However, coi^orted with a man who was
ooce a Catholic, a sot and afautor of thieves. Hut
he Is no more a priest than Donald Koss is, and to
all the aid that this befuddled nitrate can afford
1). Kuss is welcome, It becomes a slanderer to
consort with thieves.
A sot! When he was a Catholic, is it? He
Myg that no priest has helped me in this mat
ter. But I will say to Peter C. Yorke that 1 got
help from two i. nests, and perhaps by to-mor
row night I will gel help from three. [Ap
plause.]-
-. Now, I dare him to name the man who is the
thlci, and with whom 1 consort, and there will
be f-onie fun in San Francisco if he names him
[tij.wuuse], and Peter C. Yorke will be the
underdog in the fight, too, it he names him.
And, my friends, 1 tell you right now Peter C.
Yorke can name him, and I dare him to. I
don't say that he is a thief, but he can name
the man I consort with.
to-night I shall prove the proposition that ia
No. 9on the programme. lam going to prove
to you to-night out of Catholic publications
that the Catholic church leaches, claims and
defines that the Pope and the priests ought to
have dominion over temporal affairs.
My body Is a temporal affair. My liberty Is a
temporal affair. My person is a temporal affair
Never mind ray soul. My body mid the use of
it, the freedom of it, the right of it is a temporal
affair. But the church says— 1 quote from the
"Elements of Ecclesiastical Law" :
•'The church can inflict temporal and even
corporal punishments."— Page 10.
in C. Yorke— and lam glad fie published
that letter this morning— he simply fell back
to the statement that 1 was a liar. He simply
tried to prove that my authorities were not
taken from Catholic sources. You will find
that every quotation I have used or will use is
taken from authoritative Catholic publications
by which the Archbishops, Bishops and the
other dignitaries of the Catholic church are
governed and to- which they must submit.
They are those in which the church takes that
position and declares that the Pope and the
priests ought to have dominion over temporal
affairs.
Bf. DoUinger, the great, probably the great
is* scholar in me church, not excepting Carmi
ne! Manning, during the present century, baid
this:
••And eren at Rome executions for Protes
tantism continued down into the seventeenth
century. * • * The revocation of the edict
of Names had the formal approval of the very
beat of all the l'opi-s— lnnocent XL"
Ann I thick that when the Roman
(atholic church executes a man — chops
oti lag head or chokes him to death
or roa>is him till iij« has fled, it is
taking dominion over temporal attairs. \nd
When the Koman church ohokeg the life out o£
a man or cms off his head we are, of course to
conclude that the church of Homo takes
dominion to that extent over temporal affairs
Jjolliiiger also says :
'•LvoX's bull against Luther condemned as
errors such universally familiar truths as that
it is against the charity of the Holy Ghost to
burn, heretics."
Let me explain that in a lew words. The edict
of Vantes gave the Hugenots certain liberties,
among' other thine* to worship according to
their belief. But this was revoked, so that the
massacre of St. Bartholomew could tnke place
and that revocation had the approval of Rome',
according to DoUinger. That surely was tak
ing dominion over temporal tUUur.s. Dollinger
also says this: ' ;
"In all the domains of CAtholic princes Prot
estant worship was suppressed under Jesuit
dictation: it was the professed aim of the
Jesuit order to undermine the treaty of Augs
burg."
la tho violation of this treaty with Germany
many Protestants were burned to death. I
believe that to burn a man to death is a tem
poral affair, ami yet wo are told by this man
that. "Leo X's bull against Luther condemned
as errors such universally familiar truths as
that it is against the charity of the Holy Ghost
to burn heretics." ••■ • ■ - - ■- •
1 do not make a quotation of any of this mat
ter out of wiy Protestant book. 'l make them
from Catholic publication!! only. How can
Peter 0. Yorke denounce them as forgeries?
Has he seen my library that be can truthfully
say that wnnt '"give is second-hand?
"Germany wns still suffering from the Thirty
Years' W'nr, unit the Jesuits, who were its ar..
thors, were as powerful ac evdr at the courts of
Pftrisand Vienna 1 '
That, too, 1« taken from Dollinger. is that
not interfering with temporal affairs? And I
say thai when the Catholic church— so long us
i I 'Oppresses the privilege of any man to go
where he pleases and do what he pleases— so
long as it is doing this it is taking part in tem
po nil affairs.
Is not wnr a temporal affair? Yet we arc told
by Dolliuger,»who was at Rome when Pius IX
was declared infallible and absolutely incap
able of making a mistaKe when speaking of
religious affairs, that the Thirty Years' War was
caused by the Jesuits.
It is not enough to say this is a foreery.
That is no answer. Let him come forward as a
man and ask me to produce that book, and 1
will do it. [Cheers and applause.] If it is not
identical with what 1 read then 1 will admit I
am ii forger. Or let him come to my hotfse if
he does not want to have me present my
authority in public, or let him suggest a place
downtown, and I will W him. read it and
compare the book's text with my citation, and
if there is the slightest difference, even to a
comma. I will apologize to him, and I tell you
it will go hard for me to apologize to Peter C
Yorke. [Applause]
"But it was ehieliy by the oppression and
banishment of the "Protestant ministers, the
forced emigration of those who adhered to
their faith, the destruction of Protestant
Bibles, catechisms and hymn books, and gen
erally the employment of all those means of
coercion which the Jesuits had reduced to a
system tnat the so-called counter Reformation
• * • was brought about."
Now, that is a temporal affair. I Eay that
when a man cannot read books that are clean,
I candidly believe that the church is entering
Into temporal affairs. Nobody denies, no in
telligent man denies, this position of the
church.
A friend of mine called on a friend of his
and he was blackguarded for attempting to
stand by me. His friend is a Catholic, and be
jumped on me because, he said, I w&8 trying
to make out the state is above the church.
"Don't his Grace," said this man, "tell us all
the time that the church is above the state.
Don't he tell us that all tlie time? And there
is that man Ross trying to mate out that the
state is above the church."
Rememoer, I am not saying that it it is
wrong fur the church to be above the state. It
is not my place to cay that. lam simply here
to show that the Crtholic church does take
that attitude. In all my wide reading on this
subject during the past three months I have
not come across a single Catholic publication
that does not assert this. If the Catholic
church is true the Catholic church is right in
this. Assuming that the Catholic church is
liod's representative here, then the Catholic
church is right in assuming it is greater than
any government.
Hut history denies that. The basis they are
working on is wrong. The Catholic church
does not represent God, and never will until it
is purified.
when a man goes home at 3 o'clock in the
morning af ler pouring out what JYter C. Yorke
poured out last night in the Examiner publi
cation-house, and goes from that into the con
fessional-box, 1 tell you, my friends, the Cath
olic church does not represent God. I submit
simply this: that whether Yorke be priest,
minister or blacksmith he t-hnuld have come
ami seen whether the extracts of mine were
right or not, and then pronounce against
them. Bui for him to simpiy look over my ex
tracts and da>h off a letter, while the press of
the Examiner was held back, is evidence of
only a presumption on his part. If he be only
truthful, I can enjoy an opponent and a dis
cussion, but I do not care to be criticized by a
man who simply says, '-Thai is a lie; that is a
lie; that is a lie. 1 ' [Applause.]
Dollimrer in his lecture in Germany said:
"At tlie restoration of 1600 a prospect of
toleration and of regaining their property was
held out to the Irish Catholics on condition of
Ihek- taking an oath of allegiance to the King
aud repudiating all right ol the Tope to depose
him or absolve his subjects from the duty of
civil obedience. A similar declaration had
been required of the English Catholics in lt> 17.
Hut Innocent X had at once strictly forbidden
them to accept any declaration of the kind,
and excommunicated those who had already
subscribed to it."
Don't you think that the government has
the right to demand an oath of allegiance and
fidelity and loyalty it the government so pass,
if there isa law requiring it? But when the
English Government in 1(547 and 1000 de
manded that of its subjects the Roman church
denied the right. Pope Leo said : '"Don't you
dare take that oath of allegiance or you will
go down below," and the ones that had taken
it he sent down belaw.
Again, Pope Pius IX. is the author of this:
■'All the Bishops in Rome (tiOs) signed an
address to Pius IX on June 8, lSu'2. It de
clared the sense of the whole church to be that
the temporal power was necessary to tlie
supreme Pontiffs and an institution of Provi
dential origin."
Yet I am called a liar and a forger when I
say that the church claims temporal power.
I bare books which will require month;; to
read aud I have read them— all Catuolic -in
support of this declaration. The life of Pius
IX says •:.:;:
"The will of the people does not institute a
supreme law independent of all divine and
human right?."
By divine right is meant the Catholic church
all the time. ConVpare that with Lincoln's
grand saying, "Go. eminent by the people, of
the people, for the people," or Grant's that
"the will of the people is the supreme law of
the land."
I>r. Doilinger, page 78, says:
"This Papal kingdom must be upheld and ex
tended by all means of compulsion and vio
lence and punishments of life and limb, some
times directly inflicted, sometimes by invok
ing the secular arm, which is bound at once
to execute its sentence."
That is pretty plain language, is it not? And
yet that is not interference with temporal
affairs— the absolute right of liie and death.
When the church says "that man's head must
come off," that man's head comes off.
Again, this from the utteiances of Pope Pius
IX regarding the Papal state:
"As for agreeing with the despoilers, we will
never do it. I can only repeat that any trans
action on that basis is impo'sible. • *** The
Sovereign Pontiff before his exaltation and the
Cardinals at the time of their nomination bind
themselves by an oath not to yield up any part
of the territory of the church."
And yet when I read that out of Pius IX's
own speech I am told that I am lying and
forging when I say that the Catholic church
demands that the church be .set above tne
state. Why this man Peter C. Yorke should
aßk me to bring these things forth, invite me
to step in and look at the Catholic church as ie
is, I cannot understand. lie challenged me to
seek this testimony and make it public. It was
an easy task, and lie certainly must have
known it would be easy, and therefore why he
should have me do it is not so easy to answer.
Bronson's Review is an accepted authority in
the Catholic church. This is a recent expVes-
Bion :
"Protestantism lias no rights in presence of
Catholicity." This sentence is, we believe,
from our Review and was written by its editor.
We do not deny it, and are prepared to stand
by it. (Ed. lironson's Review.)
That is pretty strong language to be placed
in cold type by the devotees of a church that
does not tamper with temporal affairs, isn't it?
Our church holds that marriage is n temp
oral matter. But the Catholic church »aays
"No." On page 01, vol. 1, of their ecclesias
tical law we find this:
"All questions bearing on the sacramental
character of matrimony, c. g., the validity of
rnarriace or betrothals, fall under the church'g
jurisdiction."
They go further and directly declare that civil
marriages is nothing more than legalized pros
titution. [Higses.] Why, not very long ago
a question arose in which the question was
raised as to the legal marriage of a certain
couple. A woman belonging to the Catholic
church had said publicly that they were not
married. The matter got into Judge Camp
bell's court and this woman was called to task
She repeated whet she had said and explained
that sue had said so because they were not
married in the Catholic church or by a priest.
The woman was lined $10 for what was
deemed a slander. The laws of every State in
this Vnion say that marriage is under the
jurisdiction of the State, but the Catholic
church formally declares as a part of its writ
ten law that it alone has jurisdiction, Now
talte that to Peter C. Yorke and ask him if that
is or is not a forgery or a lie? Does not this
alone serve as an answer to his challenge?
The Catholic church has volumes of books on
marriage. They seem to delight in making books
on that subject. We have none— save perhaps
a little one that we preachers sometimes give
to the happy couples when we marry them— a
little book telling them how to love and
cherisU one another. [Laughter.]
We leave that matter to the legislatures.
But, as I nay, the Catholic church has libraries
of books on the subject. Here is something
from "Marriage," page 89:
"liehold, gentlemen, the pretensions of the
secular power. It has thrust itself forward
with so much audacity and persistency, it has
beeu supported by so much sophistry, that it
has ended by disturbing the public mind. • * *
In opposition to the pretensions of the secular
power. 1 maintain that legislation on mar
riage, as to ys very essence and essential prop
erties, belong to God and his church.
Again, from the same book, page 39: "The
Holy Council of Trent has described the sacra
ment of marriage in a few words, which leaves
nothing unsaid. 'It is a grace which rterfects
natural love, strengthens the union Into an
•absolute indissolubility,"' etc.
In other words, married by the church, noth
ing can affect the bonds. A woman may li rid
that she has married the meanest thing that
lives, her husband may neglect her, reluse to
provide for her, rob her of what earnings she
in.iv mnke, may use any violence toward her
ana l>e guilty of all unfaithfulness, but the
church will not grant her the right to free her
self.
Is not your home n temporal affair? I de
clare that the marriage thai makes the home
THE SAtf FRAKCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY '26, 1896.
is a temporal affair, and call upon oor hip hall
of records as a witness. When the Catholic
church undertakes to interfere in such it is
interfering with temporal affairs. I am not
saying that divorce is right or wrong. I would
not gtvc you offense 1f you believe it Is wrong.
Hut that Is not the question. I am challenged
to go into the Catholic books and find any
authority for the declaration that the church
claims aud exercises dominion over temporal
affairs. lam doing that thing. Why no intel
ligent Catholic doubts the proposition.
Now let us look at another point— let us see
what the law of the Catholic church has to say
about the little red schoolhoOM: Here v
what may be found on page 91, vol. 1,
Ecclesiastical Law: "Experience teaches that
the public or common schools in the United
States, owing to their very Kystem, the text
books used and the class of "children frequent
ing them, in moU cases endanger both the
faith aud morals of Catholic children sent to
them. If possible, therefore, a Catholic paro
chial day school ♦ * * shouid be estab
lished in every congregation."
In other words the Catholic church sayg your
boys will degrade their sons by mere contact—
the going to the same schools with them.
Think of it; those little boys with four inches
of upper lip [laughter], heads on like monkeys,
playing with cocoanuis down in the tropics.
I'hi y will be degraded by your sons and so the
Church of Rome want their children taken
away and marshaled by themselves. Perhaps
that is not an interference with temporal
affairs— the schools all being divine.
Here is a declaration from Cardinal Man
ning:
"A starving man commits no theft if he saves
his life Dy eating of his neighbor's bread so
much as is necessary for the support of his ex
istence. The civil law yields before the higher
jurisdiction of the divine as the positive divine
law yields before the natural law of God."
What a picnic for tramps I Perhaps if we
were on the jury in the trial of a man for theit
who was shown lo have stolen what he
wanted to eat because h? was hungry and had
no other meatis-of getting what he needed we
would not be disposed to send him to prison.
I am not criticizing this doctrine exactly
therefore, but you must remember that I am
speaking to the question whether or not tne
Catholic church is not disposed to put its hand
hard down upon the temporal affiiirs of the
people.
By what right, now, would the Pope of
Rome have to ask Grover Cleveland to resign
bis office? And yet tho Pope hag done that
thing to kings. "Here is what the ecclesias
tical law has to say by way of explanation :
Keclesiastical Law— "By what right was t c
deposing power exerted by the sovereign pon
tiffs ? There are two opinions among Catholic
writers; the one holds that it was exercised
merely by virtue of the -Jus Publlcum' • * *
of the medieval ages; the other that the de
posing power, as exercised by Gregory VII and
the other pontiffs, is inherent in the primacy,
being included in the indirect power of the
Pope in temporal things. This opinion is thus
expressed in our article on Gregory VII pub
lished in Bronsons Quarterly Review, April,
1375: 'The power itself (i. c. of deposing
princes) in radice, we hold is inherent in the
papacy; the power in action or its exercise de
pot.ds on external circumstance.' "
I have no quarrel with the Catholic laity;
some among them are my warmest friends. I
believe the laity do not understand whither
they are drifting. They do not understand
their real relationship to the church. I be
lieve lam their friend. [Laughter.] I think I
am their truest friend, in pointing out to them
that relationship.
1 am a poor man, a very poor man, and if
you came to my house you would discover
why. Sometimes there are processions there
of poor men— l think my doorpost is marked.
I do not say it as a retieciion in any way, for the
Catholic church is not responsible for it in
any way. but 1 am sure that very frequently
among the callers are members of that church*.
They are never turned away because of that
fact. They are as welcome as any other. It
has been my fortune to be banqueted several
times in my life, and the very last time it was
a Catholic organization— a Catholic literary
society of which I was a member that so
honored me. .So it is not with ttie Catholic
laity that I have any difference— it is with the
doctrine of their church, wherein it stands
antagonized to our American institutions.
I now quote from Ecclesiastical Law, volume
1, page 259, a.s follows :
"Pope Pius fX himself in one of his dis
courses says, 'that the right of deposing princes
has nothing to do with the pontifical infalli
bility, neither does it flow from the infallibil
ity but from the authority of the Pontilf. Of
course a Catholic is bound not only to beiieve
what the Pope defines ex cathedra'but aiso to
accept and obey what he otherwise com
inandx.'
Is this not plainly the right of the church to
exercise the absolute right in temporal affairs?
Yet Peter C. Yorke declares that if the Pope
ordered him to go contrary to the Government
of tho United States he "would disobey the
Pope, I say that the Roman Catholic church
teaches that it knows no nations, knows no
continents, but is above the state aud exercises
dominion over temporal affairs.
The Pope declares that the Roman Catholic,
no matter where he ig, whether in the United
.Slates, England, Germany or any other coun
try, is bound to obey the churrh. Dr. McGlynn
disobeyed the J'or>e for a. short time, but he
had to do penance to get back.
Kcciesiastical Law, volume 1, page 257, de
clares:
"The authority of princes and the allegiance
oi subjects in the civil state of nature are of
divine ordinance, and, therefore, so long as
princes and their laws are in conformity to the
laws of God the church has no jurisdiction
against them or over them. Jf princes and
their laws devinte from the law of God the
church has the authority from God to judge of
that deviation, and to oblige its correction.
* ♦ • When a Christian world came into
existence the civil society of man became sub
ject to the spiritual direction of the church."
If the Government of the United States devi
ates from the laws of the Catholic church in
the United States that church has the authority
to exercise dominion over the country. The
church teaches that it has the right to exer
cise authority over every country in tho world.
Cannot the Catholic church, therefore, regu
late the laws to suit itself. H I can make the
Senators at Washington change the lawn to
suit myself, as C. P. Huntington is now trying
to do, am I not exercising dominion "over
temporal officers?
From the same work we read the following:
"On the rights of the supreme pontiffs in
temporal matters there are four different opin
ions, etc. First is untenable. Second is heret
ical. Third advanced by Bellarmine and
others maintains that tho Pope has jure dlvino
only spiritual, but no direct or immediate tem
poral power; that, however, by virtue of his
spiritual authority he is possessed of power in
direct indeed but nevertheless supreme in tem
poral concerns of Christian rulers and people
that he may therefore depose Christian sover
eigns should the spiritual welfare of a nation
so demand. Thus a matter of fact Pope Inno
cent IV In pronouncing sentence of deposition
against Frederick II explicitly says that he de
poses the Emperor auctoritate apostolieuin et
vi clavium.
"Fourth opinion holds that the sovereign
poutill hds full spiritual authority over prince™
no less tlinn over the faithful ; that therefore
he has tho right to ichcli and instruct them in
their respective duties, to correct and inflict
spiritual punishment upon both rulers and
peoples, but that iiue divino he has no power
as asserted by Bellarmine, whether direct or
indirect, in the temporal affairs of Catholic
sovereigns or peoples. * • • •
"The third and fourth seem to differ chiefly
as to the deposing power of the Popes, but
agree in granting that the Roman pontiff has
an indirect power in temporal things; both
may be lawfully held."
Tee Pope deposed Frederick II by the au
thority the Catholic church vested in him. A
catechism of Catholic doctrine, approved by
the third plenary council of Baltimore and by
my sick friend, the Archbishop, and also by
Cardinal Gibbons, has some startling things in
it. Now lam going to read for you these ques
tions and answers on matrimony:
Catechism, page 49. (Imprimatur, Arch
bishop ftlordan of San Francisco. Approved,
Cardinal Gibbons of Baltimore.) Question-
Can a Christian man *nd woman be united in
lawful marriage in any other way than by the
sacrament of matrimony? Answer— A Chris
tian man nnd woman cannot be united in law
ful marriage in any other way tnan by the
.sucraincnt of matrimony, because Christ raised
marriage to the dignity of ft sacrament.
Catechism (same): Question— Can the bond
of Christian marriage be dissolved by any
human power?
Answer— The bond of Christian marriage
cannot be dissolved by any human power.
Catechism (same): Question— To receive the
sacrament of matrimony worthily is it neces
sary to be in the state of grace ?
Answer— To receive the sacrament of matri
mony worthily it is necessary to be in the state
of grace, and it is necessary also to comply
with the laws of the church.
Catechism same): Question— Who has the
right to make laws concerning the sacrament
of marriage?
Answer— The church alone has the right to
make laws concerning the sacrameni of mar
riage, though the state also has the right to
make laws concerning the civil effects of the
marriage contract.
Catechism (same): Question— Does the
church forbid tne marriage of Catholics with
persons who have a different religion or no re
ligion at all?
Answer— Tho church does forbid the mar
riage of Catholics with persons who have a
different religion or no religion at all.
Dr. McGlyun was not in good standing in the
Catholic church at one time, and what he said
then P. ('. Yorke" may say is not Catholic doc
trine. But Vr. McGlynn is now in good stand
ing in the Catholic church without taking
back one word of the following:
McGlynn— "The temporal power, the wealth
lavished upon the church became a most fruit
ful source of corruption of Popes and Cardi
nals and prelates and priests. The Pope to n
great extent became a temporal ruler, enrich
ing his family, providing husands for his
nieces and wives for his nephews. * * * The
Pope as a temporal ruler, making treaties with
Spain against France and treaties with France
against Spain, forming alliances with foreign
powers against Italian principalities, and then
allying himself with the Italian principalities
against those foreign powers. And tnns Lain
olic countries have' had to iook upon him time
and again as a foreign enemy, and, while call
ing 'Holy Fatheiy they hire men and send
them out co shoot this Jioly father.
"This weut *o far that Pope Alexander \ i ot
Infamous memory— his Holiness Pope Alex
ander VJ. well known a« RodericK Borgia— had
his illegitimate children occupying Ms many
palaces. And Caesar Borgia, a great swash
buckler, a bully, a bnute, a desperado ana aa
venturer, in the name ot" and by the au thorny
of his father, hi« Holiness Alexander VI, was
actually traveline up auu aown the unfortu
nate Italian states killing and robbing and
murdering in the name of his father, the holy
fatner the Pope. And Lucretia. Borgia, well
known upon these theatrical boards, was
anq'her one of the beautiful children of his
holiness Alexander VI And it is significant
that at the time his holiness Alexander M
ruled the Roman church, a chubby, flaxen
haired, little German boy was playing around
the streets of a tovrn in "Saxony, a boy whose
name was Martin Luther.
"All through the middle ages the Pope as
sumed as much as he could of power, tem
poral as well as spiritual. And he asserted
his right to interfere with the feuds of
prince*, protesting that he did not judge con
cerning the fief that was in question, but
concerning the sin ; and in that pretense there
is nothing in human life which priest, Pope
or Bishop could not interfere.
"Ana the Pope is trying to strengthen his alli
ance with England, with Russia, with Prussia,
at the expense every time of the poor Catholic
people oi North Germany, of Poland, of Kng
land, of Ireland. The Pope in politics! Look
at the outrage recently put upon the faithful
people of Ireland by sending a commission of i
two Italian prelates to investigate them at the
dictation of an English lord, in order to obtain
the help of England iv building up his rotUin
temporal throne.
"The Pope in politics! Infallible! Most falli
ble of men. He can scarcely take a step but
what he is sure to make a blunder worse than
a crime because he has no business in politics.
It should be his business to preach the Gospel,
and every man should stick to his own trade,
and the ecclesiastical cobbler, like every other
cobbler, should stick to his last. And a man
who might make a good priest would niafce, as
a rule, a very poor politician."
Peter C. Yorke has quoted Father BurJte, one
of the greatest intellects known in Catholic
history. I would give anything in the world if
I had the Rift of words of Father Burke or
possessed his power of oratory. It was mar
velous. He was a word-painter — a man of
great mind. He had n passport through every
diocese in the United Slates and England, and
no wonder; and if ne wore lecturing in Kan
Francisco I would pay $£> to go and hear him.
Father Burke say?:
"Since the day the Catholic church founded
the civil government it has never been able to
stand on its lefts independently of her. From
the time that civil governments first got on its
legs it has never been able to work properly
without the help of the church ; and yet it has
betn coming in and taking up matters of which
it knows nothing and in which its action is
fatal to man's freedom and man's free will.
The civil government is the creation of the
church. And yet after all she has dove for it
civil government has tried to encroach on the
rights and dominion of the church in three
ways— in education, in matrimony, in the ap
pointment to benefices."— Burke. '.259.
Let us see about Home and the little red
schooihouee. "And here it is that the great
contest begins, which is rogifig all over the
world to-day in every land and in every clime,
the church on the one side crying out, 'i>ei me
get to the children,' and the world on the other
hand saying: "I will educate them— you stand
aside' There is the great heresy of to-day,
with which the church of God, is contending
with might and main— what education can the
world give? It can make an intellectual
monster."— Burke, 323.
"I find great fault with tne political and legis
lative life of iliif! nineteenth century. This age
douies the church's powers to interfere or dic
tate, oi even advise; but the evils of the world
will never find their remedy until this world
and this age return again upon the old track
and kneel down before the church to receive
at her hand the graces of intellectual power
without immorality, of moral virtue audof the
snuctification of its society, until the nations
hear her voice once more, and whether they
put the crown upon her brow or not they will
admit her into theircouncil* and deliberations,
the only voice that for nearly 2000 years has
sounded on the side of justice, mercy and
ciemency, governing the rulers and saving the
people from the wad ambition of kings and
rulers."— Burke, 28KJ.
•'Paul V laid the republic of Venice under an
interdict in 1006 because of the insolence of
the Government in prosecuting two priests for
capital crimes and promulgating two edicts:
(1) Prohibiting the erection of any religious
houses without the consent of the Govern
ment; (2) The alienation of property from the
people to the church without the consent of
the republic."— Bullaruin Romanorum Edder
shtm,lO&.
Father Burke said there was a contest be
tween the authority of the church and the
authority of the Government. And when he
comes to this country and says the church
should have charge of the education of the
children I think he is claiming tor the church
dominion in temporal ailaire.
Supposing the Archbishop of San Francisco
got his salary as the Recorder or Sheriff, don't
you think the City of San Francisco should
have a voice in his appointment?
I will come to a close with this extract. You
will not believe it unless you have great faith
in me. I tola my friends that I did not think
the audience would believe it. It is from
"Elements of Ecclesiastical Law," vol. 3,
pages 310. 311, 312,314. 1 will translate from
the Latin. 1 reeret that I was educated in
the English rather than in the Continental
Latin. The pronunciation ia different. The
translation is as follows:
Canonical effects produced by excommuni
cation, even at present.
"The effects on the faithful are that they are
bound, as we have seen, to shun and avoid the
excommunicate (provided he is vitandus) like
a leper, spreading around him moral conta
gion and misfortune."— Ecclesiastical Law,
281).
In what particular social or civil matters is
it necessary for the faithful to shun the com
pany of a vitandus?
"SI pro deiictis anathema guis efficiatur, os,
orare, vale, communio, njensa negatur.' 1
First, by the word os is meant all sneaking
to or conversing with persons, publicly or
privately, by word of mouth or in writing, by
signs or words. Orare refers to private prayers*.
The faithful are bourd to shun tbe company
of a yitandus even in private prayers.
"Vnle" refers to external marks of respect or
friendship or benevolence, such as saluting,
etc. '■Communio" refers tj every Kind of
daily, civjl intercourse, all association in busi
ness, etc. "Mensu." means eating with him in
the same house, etc.
Hence, also, all those who knowingly assist
at the funeral of avitandus and accompany
the remains to the grave are guilty of forbid
den intercourse with an excoinmunicant and
commit .sin. For intercourse with a vitandus
is forbidden, not only when he is alive, but
also \\ hen dead, until he ia absolved.— £cc,
312,310.
(iu<i forbid that any man should bo excom
municated in the Catholic church. The man
dips in the home and there is no one to assist
in washing tho body. Yet Roman Catholic
laymen wiil light for that institution with a
zeal thai is marvelous.
When I read that last quotation in my study
it was five or ton minutes before I could get
my eyes to read another line. I think of my
own family and I think of the Irish Roman
Catholics who are the most loving to their
wives and families and yet they are not al
lowed to have a friend come into their home
when there is a death, and the amazement is
their loyalty to the Roman Catholic church.
Do you wonder that we who read and think of
these things have the right on our side?
Major Sherman — This court now stands ad
journed until 8 o'clock to- morrow night.
BIG RENT ATTACHMENT.
Hasten & llailcy, tho Big Wareliouso
Firm, Levied On for 910,545 by TV.
H. Martin & Co.
Haslett & Bailey, proprietors of the
Beale-street, Hathaway, United States
Bonded, H um bold t and Pacific ware
houses, were yesterday attached for $10,
--545 by W. H. Martin and John Ballard of
the firm of W. H. Martin & Co., for unpaid
rent on property on Spear street, near
Harrison.
By the terms of a five-year lease made
March 4, 1891, Haslett & Bailey were to
pay $2850 a month as rent for the build
ings. Last Marcn it was mutually agreed
that the rent anould thereafter be $2500 a
month. The complaint avers that from
April 1, 1895, to February 1, 1896, the rent
amounted to $25,000, but that only $14,455
has been paid, leaving the amount for
which an attachment has been levied on
everything in San Francisco and Alameda
counties assessed to Haslett & Bailey.
The property attached in this City in
cludes the different warehouses, while in
Alameda there are several pieces of real
estate.
Wardo to Lecture.
Frederick Warde. the tragedian, has con
sented to give a lecture for the benefit of the
Women's Exchange on Wednesday afternoon,
the 4th prox, at Golden Gate Hall. His subject
will be "The Womeu o£ Shakespeare."
A New Special Agent.
DeWltt Clinton Jackson of the United States
Treasury Department has arrived from the
Hast and will enter the service under Special
Agent Moore in San Francisco. He comes from
Macara Falls. - ... .
MUST TURN STOCK OVER
Five Thousand Shares of the S.
F. and N. P. Railroad
Out of Pledge.
THE DONAHUE ESTATE WINS.
End of the Long Seige of Litigation
Which Has Involved the
Donahue Road.
The litigation over the stocks of the San
Francisco and North Pacific Railroad Com
pany has ended so far as the Superior
Court has been concerned. Judge Heb
bard has decided that the 5000 shares of
stock held by the defendants as security
for the satisfaction of certain claims
against the road or their value must go to
the plaintiff. These 5000 shares, valued at
$101,250, formed the principal feature of
the case.
When the San Francisco and North Pa
cific Railroad Company changed hands
from the Donahue estate to the present
owners, the Seligmans and their connec
tions here and in the East, it was agreed
that certain suits against the road should
be taken up by the old management, and
that the rights of way should be made
clear of all liens. These rights of way
played a most important part in the suit.
To secure compliance with these agree
ments 20,000 shares of the stock were
pledged to the Seligmans.
Soon after the pledging of these shares
of stock 15,000 shares were sold and the
proceeds were distributed. Then the re
maining 5000 shares were sold, but the pro
ceeds were not distributed, and for the
proceeds of this last sale the plaintiffs,
McGlynn and Burgin, as executors of the
Donahue estate, commenced suit. The
question rested upon whether or not the
agreement to secure which the stock was
pledged has been complied with.
The railroad itself intervened in the
suit, claiming that it was a party in in
terest. It demanded that the stocks be
retained from the plaintiffs. The de
fendants answered the complaint from in
formation and belief, and left the contest
of the case to the intervenor, after taking
from it an indemnity to protect them
from any judgment which might be en
tered. As a consequence the judgment
deals most directly with the intervenor.
In rendering decision Judge Hebbard
says:
The stumbling-block in this case has been
the expression in the contract of "liens for
right 01 way." There is such a thing as Hen
for right of way known to the law, which
exists, of course, where a right of way has
been sold and a vendor's lien is acquired lor
the unpaid purchase price.
in some States also, of which California is
not one, when a person is entitled to go into
possession afcter condemnation proceedings
brought under eminent domain, and before
paying the value of the land, the land-owner
then is given a lien for a rignt of way equiva
lent to a vendor's lieu.
But the right to this lien does not exist in
California.
In this case it nowhere appears that any one
has a vendor's lien upon any portion of the
railway company's roads by virtue of a sale
and purchase and non-payment of the pur
chase price, and no lien has been acquired by
any one by reason of the railway company
taking possession under condemnation pro
ceedings in eminent domain, and. therefore,
the railway company either owns all the rights
of way because it lias bought and paid for
them, in which case there would be no Hen, or
it is a trespasser, and if a trespasser only, the
owner of the land can have no lien, but is the
owner of the full title and may maintain eject
ment for its recovery. , .
Philadelphia R. K." Co. vs. Cooper, 105 Perm.,
239. :,<.>---•• - '
There are no such liens for right of way
against the San Francisco and North Pacific
Railway Company, as the intervenor contends
is intended by the language of the contracts.
The language used means just the liens and
claims which, have been paid and discharged by
plaintiffs, and it is in evidence that on the Bth
of March, 18'.)5, the defendants, J. & \V. Selig
man and Landenberg, Thalmann & Co. so ex
pressed their opinion of its meaning in a tele
gram to defendant P. N. Lilienthal, and in that
The Clever Device of J. M. Hntchings for Utilizing Sunjight for the Uses of the
Stcreopticon.
telegram these defendants consented to a de
livery of the 5000 shares of stock, but the
delivery was not made by their agent here in
whose possession the stock then was.
Incidentally it may be said that the inter
venor now has title by adverse possession to all
of its lines of roads, having been in undis
turbed possession for much more than five
year*.
Let a judgment be entered for a return of
these shares of stock to plaintiff's as executors
of the estate of J, M. Donahue, and for plain
tiffs and against defendants J. t fc VV. Seligman
& Co. and Ladenberg, Thalmann A Co., in a
sum equal to the amount of interest on $101,
--250 from January 28, 1895, to the date of the
entry of the judgment, at the rate of 7 per
cent per annum, tor damages as aforesaid, ana
against said defendants and the intervenor for
COistS,
THE ANNUAL MEETING.
Election of a Majority of the Foster Combina
tion Directors.
The annual election for directors of the
San Francisco and North Pacific Railway
Company was held yesterday, and what is
known as the Foster combination suc
ceeded in electing the majority of tbe
board, while Sidney V. Smith, who repre
sented the minority, was not only left out
in the cold, but was deposed as the attor
ney for the company.
The directors chosen are A. W. Foster,
Andrew Markham, George E. NewhaJl, P.
N. Lilienthal, who compose the majority,
and A. Borel, J. B. Stetson, John L. How
ard, the minority.
After the result had been announced,
the gentlemen named with the exception
of Mr. Howard, who is not, in the City, oi- f
ganized and elected the following officers
by the majority vote: A. W. Foster,
president; P. N. Lilienthal, vice-presi
dent; Thomas Mellersb, secretary and
controller; H. C. Whiting, general mana
ger; the Anglo-California Bank, treasurer.
R. X. Ryan, general passenger ana
freight agent; \V. J. McMullin, his assist
ant, and W. G. Corbaley, superintendent,
are continued in their respective positions,
and, as the president said, "there will be
no change iv the personnel, except in the
office of attorney." Jesse W. Lili-jnthal
was chosen in place of Sidney V. Smith.
It was expected by parties interested in
the road, by reason of recent litigation in
which A. MT. Foster and Sidney V. Smith
figured as opponents, that an effort would
be mane to prevent the election, but no
move in that direction was made.
The capital stock of the company is rep
resented by 60.000 shares. Of this number
46,175 shares were, by the cumulative pro
cess in pursuance of an agreement run
ning for five years, voted for Foster, Mark
ham, Nfcwhall and Lilienthal, and 9195
shares were voted for the otner three.
The balance of the stocK was not voted, for
the reason that the proxies were not
legal, not having been registered ten days
before election.
Sidney V. Smith, who holds a little in
excess of 12,000 shares, voted for himself,
but the chairman, Sir. Foster, refused to
recognize the vote in view of the fact that
under the agreement they had been under
the contract voted by Foster and Mark
ham. By reason of this action, Mr. Smith,
who could have become a member of the
minority portion of trie board, was de
feated.
President Foster after the meeting said
he expects that steps will be taken to have
the election declared illegal, but believed
the action he had taken with retard to
Mr. Smith's stock was correct. He said
also that there was no talk of consolida
tion with the North Pacific Company.
Mr. Smith said he was not disturbed by
the action taken at the meetinc, for he an
ticipated the result, and in view of the re
cent decision of Judge Angelotti he had
prepared for future action. Judge Ange
lotti of the Superior Court of Marin
County was applied to some time ago by
Mr. Smith for an injunction to restrain
those who are parties to the agreement
from voting his stock, but the Judge de
nied the prayer ou the ground that the pe
titioner had ample remedy under the pro
visions of a section of the Civil Code, and
that reni'-dy is to commence an action to
set the election aside. Mr. Smith said this
would be done in the course of a few days,
and in that proceeding the question of the
right to vote the stock according to con
tract will be determined.
J. B. Stetson, one of the new directors,
is the general manager of the North Pa
cific Coast Railroad Company, and he and
others connected with the company own
16,000 shares, and it is claimed that these
in conjunction with Mr. Smith endeavored
to obtain control with a view to consoli
dating the North Pacific Coast and the San
Francisco and North Pacific Coast Railway
■companies.
A SOLAR STEREOPTICON
J. M. Hutchings, Yosemite's
Guardian, Strikes a
Clever Idea.
Utilizes Sunlight by Means of a Re
flecting Glass, in Place of the
Expensive Calcium.
James H. Hutchings of Yosemite Val
ley fame has perfected a very clever de
vice for utilizing the light of the sun for
stereopticon purposes. He calls his in
vention a "solar stereopticon."
It consists of a glass mirror, adjustable
by means of a slide and thumbscrew to
any angle, and the regular lenses of a
stereopticon. Its operation is simplicity
itself.
The stereopticon is set in a window, the
glass reflector extending outside in the
sunshine, while the lens end of it is in
the room. The window-sash is brought
down into the square groove on top of
the machine and serves to hold it steadily
in piace. Curtains are drawn over the
window and about the stereopticon and,
with the light excluded from the windows
and a sheet tacked upon the wall opposite,
everything is ready lor the entertainment,
supposing that the lecturer or showman
with his slides and his audience be there.
Such were the conditions in Mr. Hutch
ings' rooms on Sacramento street yester
day afternoon, the audience being a few
invited friends.
The orient sunlight, flashed through the
lenses by the little reflector not much
larger than a lady's hand-glass, did the
work of the cumbrous and expensive cal
cium lieht. As the sun moved and a
shadow was thrown upon the canvas a
touch of the thumbscrew brought the light
fairly into the cerHer again. The pictures
were thrown upon the screen with re
markable distinctness.
Mr. Hutchings is an expert with the
stereopticon, made so by years of its use
in his lecures upon the "Vosemite, and the
results gained with the reflecting glass givn
him the greatest satisfaction. He has
been working upon the apparatus for three
months past, and has just arrived at wiiat
lie considers Buccess, arid yesterday's little
entertainment was the first practical
demonstration he has given. Mr. Hutch
ings thinks his machine may be used with
great benefit in the public schools.
OPPOSED TO PAVING.
Mass-Meeting of Ninth-Avenue Prop
erty-Ownerg to Sidetrack a Super
visors' Resolution.
The property-owners on Ninth avenue,
between Fulton and Lake streeti, do not
want a bituminous pavement and granite
curbs with the expense incident to such
improvements.
A mass-meeting was held in Mohr
mann'B hall, on Clement street, last night
by members of the Point Lobos Club and
other real estate owners in that part of
the Richmond district to request the
Board of Supervisors to postpone indefin
itely the board's recent resolution to pave
in bitumen and sewer Ninth avenue, in ac
cordance with a petition presented by the
Richmond District Improvement Club.
The proposed pavement would be nearly
a mile long and, together with the granite
curbing, would necessitate an expense of
1150 each to each of the 350 lots along the
line, throughout the length of which there
are but twelve houses and three slieds.
That is why the property-owners object.
Not long ago one style of street for which
they had contributed was supplanted by
the present macadam and wooden curbs,
and the suggestion of a third change does
not meet with the approval of the men
■who have to bear the expense.
A memorial to the Board of Supervisor*
was drafted last night and signed by the
forty or more property-owners present.
The" concluding paragraphs practically de
clare that the expensive improvement is
not necessary nor is it desired by those
most interested, and a request is made to
the Board of Supervisors to file the inten
tion of the proposed work and to let the
whole matter rest until such time as per
sons owning a majority of the lots fronting
on Ninth avenue shall petition to have the
subject acted upon.
The following committee was appointed
by Chairman George R. Fletcher, presi
dent of the Point LobosClub, to wait upon
the Street Committee of the Board of
Supervisors: The Rev. Father Cayle,
Thomas Farrell, E. I? Dennison, Daniel
Fenton, Edward McGingley, John For
svthe, Felix McHugh, George W. Allen,
\\ llliam Crosby. The executive commit
tee of the Point Lobos CluO and as many
of the other property-owners as possible
will be present to add force to the expres
sion of sentiment.
J. G. Maloney, secretary of the Rich
mond Improvement Club, was at the
meeting. Replying to the insinuations
that the Richmond Improvement Club
members had fathered "the threatened
financial oppression of owners of Ninth
avenue property, he explained that it
was only for the good of the whole district
that last Octooer his club made the re
quest to the Board of Supervisors to have
Ninth avenue declared a boulevard. This
was done because on First avenue there
were two dangerous railroad curves, one
on the Sutro electric line and one on the
Sacramento-street cable line; because Sec
ond, Third, Fourth and Fifth avenues were
intercepted by the Bay District racetrack;
because Sixth, Seventh and Eighth ave
nues were already occupied by car tracks;
and finally because Ninth avenue was the
only available unfrane.hrsed thoroughfare
to be permanently secured as a driveway.
California Made Boilers.
The Manufacturers' and Producers' Associa
tion is determined to have as many California
made steam boilers in use as possible, and con
sequently its officers are constantly on the alert
to find prospective purchasers with the view of
inducing them to buy the homemade article,
price and quality being equal. Yesterday As-
Mstant Secretary F. Hs Olnglewroteto theßelby
Smelting and Lead Works requesting that
company, which is about to purchase a new
boiler, to select one of California, make. A
similar letter was forwarded to Cyrus Hub
bard. Mayor of Sacramento, requesting him to
do all in his power to patronize home indus
tries in porchasing two new boilers for the
water works of Sacramento.
Fell From the Wharf.
Harry Costello of the 6hlp John D. Tallant,
lyiug at Folsom-strcet pier 2, fell from the
wharf yesterday afternoon and struck against
the side of the vessel. He was fished out of the
water and taken to the Keeeivirig Hospital,
where it was found that two of his fib* were
broken and he had also sustained possible in
ternal injuries.
HEW TO-DAY.
"Red
Letter
Days."
It's the piece of furniture
• that you don't often buy
ft' -sales" that we make
special features of during
'•Red Letter Days."
Here's a chance illustra-
tion :
"Cobbler Seat"
Rocking Chair.
f**iT"flfa_ r *~ ' * Ouif fli Br>
Made of solid oak— polished—
with heavy embossed sole-
leather seat (scooped - out
wood seat, if you'd . rather ■ ■ ...
have it)— ? 2 25. . „
There's just 54 of them —
they may all be gone by
noon. We wish there were
more, for each one . means a
new friend — a new customer
for us. " . : ': .: .
This is only a sample of \
what "Red Letter Days"!
mean.
Those $5 Chiffoniers we
advertised yesterday were
all sold by 10 o'clock.
It* pays to come early dur-
ing "Red Letter Days."
Carpets . Rugs ."Mattings
CALIFORNIA I
FURNITURE COMPANY
(N. P. Cole & Co.) j
1 17-123 Geary Street.
BUSINESS MEN
DO NOT MAKE INVESTMENTS WITHOUT
careful consideration of ail details. • When they
BUY
They make sure they are getting their moneys
worth. Same with a bicycle. Don't buy until you
see a number of ths best. We claim to have the
best, and not only that, but believe we can prove
It to you. All we ask Is that you favor •us with a
call and see the
Sterling Bicycle
_ BUILT LIKE A WATCH."
Send for Catalogue. Free.'
STERLING CYCLE WORKS,
\VM. V. BRYAN, MANAGER,
314 POST STREET, S.F.FATHER YORKE
TO REV. BOSS.
The Chancellor Loses No
Time in Criticizing
His Critic.
RIDICULES HIS PROOF.
Refers to the Fact That His
Audiences Were Not Up to
Expectation.
AUTHORITIES IN ANALYSIS.
The Catholic Champion Emphatically
Declares That the Four Mooted
Propositions Are Forgeries.
Father Yorke sends the following com
munication to The Call: sv-um
To the Editor of The Call - Dear Sip- At
,o Rev. Donald M. Ross haVrflievcd the
t • *$?i <*\ a n *P« ctant public. To the extent
havVflniv l^ 0 KUs a head) the multitudes
he h.« £~n to hear him. For three months
c has been chewing and masticating papal
tl C £E en i s ' J ho ? sh °, ften to tell all
he knew he has bravely held himself in. Si
lence claimed him for her own. Th« only
s-igns of hi* existence have been divers omin
rofir. % bl Bs,symptom!c of a controversial
cohc. But trie days at last are fulfilled, and lo!
l'os"'" UDt monies et nascitur ridiculus
"The mountains are in labor and there an
pears a draggle-tailed Ross." "
Permit me to make a few remarks on the
screaming farce which Dr. Ross is now engin
nn^ There is no necessity of answering
his wild tirades against me personally. The
alleged lectures are their own best refutation.
1 he spite, vulgarity and indecency which char
acterize them are not unexpected. The public
knew what was coming, and showed true
American common-sense by remaining away
Monday night he had not 500 to heaT him.
Tc-night the attendance has dwindled down
to about 200.
I have already stated that if D. Ross pro
duced anything worth noticing I would reply
through your columns. I will do so now as
briefly as I can
BTIIE HISTORY OF THE CASE.
Exactly three months ago D. Ross at an A. P.
A meeting pretended to quote Irom a Roman
Catholic publication. An unnaturalized
Canadian, who devotes himself to the protec
tion of our American institutions, must neces
sarily be a fraud and a humbug. The quota
tions which he produced demonstrated that he
was a forger.
In a letter dated November 27 I challenged
the authenticity of these quotations. I denied
that they could be found in any Roman Cath
oUc publication. I went further, and denied
that the substance of them was Catholic teach
ings and I called on Ross to produce his proofs.
In order to make the matter a test, I offered
to submit the evidence to three non-Catholic
lawyers. The question was one merely of the
authenticity of certain documents and was,
therefore, a question with which lawyers would
be familiar.
Ross replied by executing a war dance on
the papers, accompanied by wild whoops for
a debate. I had charged him with deliberate
falsehood when he claimed to read from Rowan
Catholic publications. His answer was, ■•!■••
us argue the matter." If be had a spark of
intelligence or a grain of decency in his com
position he would have realized that his duty
was to produce the Roman Catholic publica
tions irom which he read, and to produce them
instanter. Hut no considerations of intelli
gence or deeenev availed with Donald Ross.
li«* knew ho was telling an uirtrulh, and his
pulv concern was to stave off exposure as Jon;/
as possible. -.'•'.:'•:
lience [1 was that be deafened the public
with his « aoops for a debate. lie fixed a time
which wonld give him a quarter of a year to
prepare, aad with that solicitude for the "ba.x
pence" which characterizes nia kind, pro
ceeded to print ticket? and to sell them.
Tirae and time again 1 stated in my letters
that I weald not debate with him. If he
wl.-bed to produce his proofs in public and to
try to gull the people into paying something
for nothing it was none of my business. I let
him know decisively that I would not be a
party to humbug.
Now that he comes and whines that I have
not treated him fairly he is but carrying out
the unscrupulous and insincere policy which
has marked all' bis actions. This lizzie at the
Metropolitan Temple was Ross' own affair. He
alone is responsible for it; he has no right to
»iame me for the contempt which he has la
bored so hard to deserve.
This fiasco at the Temple, was simply a money
making scheme. He and Hubbell thought they
had (to use the common but expressive term)
".-truck a good thing." The good sense of the
community, however, has frustrated their
noble endeavor. The result can only be de
scribed in another slang expression as""a cold
frost."
THE JUDGES.
The scene presented as a curtain raiser on
Monday night when Mr. Hubbellfrom Jackson
ville, Oregon, called solemnly three times for
Mr. -.lie. would be ludicrous if it were not in
sulting. I hereby apologize to .Mr. Foote for
givinif those men a chance to use his name.
km! had already received Mr. Foote's answer
and knew that gentleman's position. Thecere
nnny of calling him solemnly three times to
come and appear were no doubt suggested by
the solemn appeals of the Jacksonville press
to Mr. Hubbell to return and pay his debts.
When the time came for the appointment of
the judges t ) decide the question at issue Ross
outraged decency by selecting a fellow named
Qultzow, who, in the absence of a worse,
presided at the Metropolitan Temple on Sun
days and regularly slandered the Catholic
church, finch, a confession •of a bad case
(daggered even the American Protective Asso
ciation. A committee waited on Ross to with
draw Quitzow's name. One of the local A. P.
A. sheets made the same demand. To-night
I: —.-ays that he withdrew Quitzow because
of my objections. Ross lies. I made no pro
test against Quitzow. I have not heard that
Mr. Foote did." Quitzow was simply shoved
into the garbage-wagon because the town could
not endure the smell.
Then Ross produced as his judge a man
named Sherman, whose foul mind ana fouler
tungne have been for many a year one of the
unsuppressible nuisances ot tne Pacific oast.
The public of San Francisco can well judge
of the fitness of this Sherman to act as an ar
biter by the statement he made this evening:
"I would not believe a priest under oath."
Certainly the Rev. Mr. Ross must have prayed
for bit and bridle to bind fast- Sherman's jaw
hen he heard that confession. "I would not
believe a priest under oath," and yet the fraud
lilted up his hand to heaven and swore to do
justice in a controversy in which a priest was
concerned. 1 "I would not believe a priest un
der oath." Let the statement stand on recod
as to the temper of Donald Ross and his un
biased judge.
 SHERMAN'S FALSEHOODS.
The Monitor denominated Sherman as the
most conscienceless liar from Alaska to Terra
tfaego. Sherman gave evidence this even
.-of that journals discrimination. I have
n lime. Mr. Kditor, to enlarge on the matter,
• et me take up a few of his statements and
(-i.aracterize them as they deserve.
FALSEHOOD NO. 1.
Sherman says that the Jesuits killed Abra
ham Lincoln," This is a he.
.-Herman says W'ilkes Booth received the
•Hcrameut from Bishop Spaulding. Another
Sherman says Booth wore a Catholic
i ■dm around his neck. A third lie.
Lei me state here that the official records of
trial showed Jnst what was on Booths
dy when he was killed. There was no medal.
• re were letters from the native place of
■ : Ross, •■ ho wing that the plot was
hntehed where D. Ross happened to be born.
To cut a long story short, let me repeat a few
facts on wnicli Bherroan might ponder, if he
can ponder on anything except Jesuits.
President Lincoln was murdered on the 14th
< ■ r r:\, 1869, at the theater, by an actor
Mimed .1. Wilkes Booth, who entered the box,
m "t the President through the head, crying:
".-ir semper tyrannis— the Pouth is avenged.
Nowhere in" standard works, neither in the
British nor American encyclopedias, ao we
find any charge that the Catholic church had
anything to do with the foul murder.
The great biography of Lincoln by J. G. Nico-
Ifty ana .John Hay, in ten volumes has not
even an njMnuation about the charge.
The official acts bearing on the entire sub
ject nave been published under the title, "The
Assassination of President Lincoln and the
'J riiil of the Conspirators," compiled and ar-
I by Ken Pittnian, recorder to the com
mission. Yet in them all there is not a single
cnarge against the Catholic church.
'1 he murderer, J. W. Booth, was of English
descent. Mud his faiiniy were Episcopalians.
iitrrold's whole family for at least twenty
fHe yeari before the assassination had been
V , m ," nlcftnts of Christ's Episcopal Church,
eawt \\ ashuiKton. During his entire ir.carcer
aijon until t ] le hour of his execution he was
ohurcL by the ReV " ' Dr ' Olds> P astor of that
Atzerodt boasted only of his atheism,
airs.hurratt was the only Catholic, and on
tne judgment of thousands of American citi
ens she whs entirely innocent of any couspir-
Si' t0 murder President Lincoln,
lo clinch these facts allow me to copy a let
ter signed by John G. Nicolay, one of the
biographers of Lincoln. It is in answer to an
inquiry cent by the Rev. P. Guldner ol New
\ork:
Washington. D. C, Dec. 3, 1894.
My Dear Sir: I hare not before answered
your letter of October 30 because I wished first
to consult my colleague, Colonel Hay, who has
been absent from the city until within a few
days.
To your first question, whether in our studios
on the life of Lincoln wo came upon the charge
'that the assassination of President Lincoln !
was the -work of the Jesuits," we answer that
we have read such a charge in a lengthy news
paper publication.
To your second question, viz., '"If you did
come across it did the accusation seem to be
entirely groundless?" we answer, 'Yes; it
seemed so entirely groundless as not to merit
any attention on our part.' Yours truly,
- - '■ ■;.-. John G. Nicola y.
FALSEHOOD NO. 2.
Sherman brings out the old fiction about
Churubusco and gives himself as witness. In
answer permit me to oiler the following letter.
which proves that Sherman is like Ross and
the truth is not in him:
War Department, V
Adjctant-General's Office, l,
Washington, 1). C, Nov. 2, 181)5. f
27,932 A. G.O.J
Mr. rtiilip O' Ryan, 519 Clay street, San Fran
cisco, Cat— 'In reply to your inquiry
of the 25th nit., I have the honor to say that
no record is made of the religious aenomina- :
tions to which enlisted men of the army be
long; thai in the capture of the convent at
Churubusco, Mexico, August 20, IS-17, 1200
prisoners were taken, and the official reports
of the assault and capture do not show that
any deserters from the United States army
were among the prisoners captured. Yours re
spectfully, J. ('. GIUIOBB,
Assistant Adjutant-General.
FALSEHOOD SO. 3.
Sherman then introduced that great and
good man, Chenequy, who, lie said, led forty
thousand Catholics from Romanism to Protest
antism, Of course he was lying as usual. He
did not tell that Chenequy nad been sus
pended, had been turned out of his office for
bad conduct. He did not tell that he was ex
pelled from the Protestant synod of Chicago
lor fraud. He did not tell that the whole
Presbyterian body rejected him. He is Indeed
a lit witness for Sherman and his ilk.
FALSEHOOD NO. 4. *
Sherman then read a long rigmarole about
Bishop Foley and a certain Stephen R. Moore.
1 wish to say here that the thing is a pure fab
rication. Moore is a bigot of the Sherman
stripe, and when the Rev. T. O'Sullivan of Chi
cago called upon him to substantiate his state
ments he admitted that no such records could
be found in the court. I hereby challenge the
whole matter as an outrageous fraud, and I
demand Sherman's proof.
DONALD ROSS.
So much for Sherman the unbiased, now for
Ross. His beautiful mixture of who's and
winch's has complete disdain for the cumber
some rules of syntax, his unprovoked assaults
on the Queen's English all mark the devotee of
the Little Red Schoolhouse.
■ But I have no time to waste on Ross' person
ality. Let us see what he does with the propo
sitions. He opens with the startling statement
that he never used them. They were inserted
in the Chronicie report by some concealed
Jesuit, presumably John P. Young.
If so, how is it they were printed also In the
American Patriot? How is it D. Ross never
came out like a man to deny that he used
them? He imagined he could get a little no
toriety and cash out of the defense of them,
and now, when he finds they are indefensible,
he would repudiate them.
MY CHALLENGE.
My challenge consisted of two parts:
1. That these propositions were not to be
found in Roman Catholic publications.
2. That the substance of these propositions
was not to be found in Roman Catholic pub
lications.
I— PROPOSITIONS are not found IN CATHOLIC
PUBLICATIONS.
These four propositions were read by Ross as
taken from Roman Catholic publications.
In their campaign literature the A. P. A.
spread them broadcast over the country as
genuine expressions of Catholic teaching.
In Josiah Strong's book, ''Our Country," they
were quoted from an "Encyclical."
Yet Mr. Editor, the four propositions are
forgeries, and Donald Ross knows it.
He knows it, because Josiah Strong admits in
the second edition of his book that he was mis
led.
He knows it, because he had at hand the
copy of the original propositions, which were
manipulated to produce these forgeries.
He knows that he could not find these propo
sitions in any Roman Catholic publication,
and- therefore he has not produced any Roman
Catholic publication, even though, he has had
a quarter of a year to search.
CONDEMNED PROPOSITIONS.
In order to explain the four propositions let :
me tell how the forgery was committed.
The Catholic church has the mission of teach
ing truth. This mission was given her by our
Lord when he said "Go into the whole world
and preach th«» gospel."
This mission the church exercises in two
ways ; first, by asserting the truth second, by
condemning error. Thus she proclaims there
Is only one God. She condemns the statement
that there are less than seven sacraments.
When the church condemns error she gener
ally takes the error as expressed by those who
teach it. She selects a sentence from the works
of erroneous writers which sums up their false
teaching and she says, "Such a sentence is
wrong." These sentences are called "Con
demned propositions."
Now, therefore, when we wish to find out
what is the positive truth taught by the church
we have to consider these propositions very
fully. "Those who are familiar with logic
know that the contradiction of propositions is
a matter which requires very delicate hand
ling.
Thus, for instance, we find a condemned
proposition stating 'it is lawful fora man. to
marry two wives." The illogical man would
at once jump to the conclusion that the doc
trine which the church teaches is, "It is not,
lawful for a man to marry two wives." But
such would not be the mind of the church.
The proposition is condemned because of Its
vague and general character. And it Is just
as false to say "It la not lawful for a man to
marry two wives" a! it is to say "It is lawful
for a man to marry two wives."
, The true teaching is: It is not lawful fora
-man to marry a second wife during the life-
I time of the first. Or, again, suppose the con
demned proposition is, "It never rains in Cali
fornia." We do not contradict it by saying,
"It always rains in California." One proposi
tion is as false as the other. The contradictor
is, "it sometimes rains in California." This
assertion is quite true and contains the doc
trine put forward by the condemnation of the
proposition.
THE SYLLABUS.
Bearing this in mind, let us see where Ross
got his propositions. In IW-i a collection of
condemned propositions was published by
Plus IX. This collection is called the syllabus.
Now, If we turn to the syllabus, we will find
the forty-second proposition to run as follows:
LATIN". ENGLISH.' ."•■■•
XLir. In conflictu le- -In conflict between
gam utri usque potesta- the laws of the two pow
tis, jus civile pnevalet. era, the civil law prevails.
The proposition is. a universal affirmative,
and it means that always and in every case the
civil law should prevail. It is precisely the
same kind of a proposition as "It always rains
in California." A«<fs*t?B>«
Because of its universality it is not true.
The American constitution recognizes cases
where the civil law does not prevail ncainst
the ecclesiastical. Indeed thej%im of the con
stitution is to remove from the domain of the
civil law matters which might cause a conflict.
Thus, for instance, our civil law does not pre
vail in spiritual ail'airp, it does not regulate
tbe services in ourchurches, the salaries of our
ministers. The proposition condemned by the
Pope is also condemned by our American sys
tem.
THE FORGERY.
Now what does Ross do? He takes this propo
sition Mid twists it around. He denies "it
never rains in California" by saying, "It al
ways rains in California."
L«t me put the original proposition and
Donald Ross' version of the same in parallel
colums:
THE OKIOIKAI-. ItOSfi' FOROKRY.
XLII. In a conflict be- 1 In a case of conflict be
tween thi» la <vs of the two tween the ecclesiastical
powers the civil law pre-i and civil poweri the ec
vails. cleslastical powers ought
|lo prevail.
.Let me say that these propositions are both
false, just as the propositions. "It always rains
in California" and "It never rains in Califor
nia" are both false. The true Catholic teach
ing is that in a conflict between laws of both
Powers justice should prevail. If the church
goes outsido her sphere and interferes
with the rights of the state, then the civil
laws prevail. If. the state cues outside her
sphere and interferes with the rights of the
church the church laws prevail. This is plain
common-sense and good American teaching.
In civil things civil laws rule, in spiritual
things spiritual laws prevail.
The history of this proposition is the history
of the other three. Thry are all, as I intend to
.show from day to day, distorted from proposi
tions in the syllabus. They are just as false as
the propositions which ihe church condemned,
and because they are false I denied '.bat they
could be found in Roman Catholic publica
tions.
11. THE SUBSTANCE OF THE PROPORTIONS. '
I also denied that the substance of the propo
THE SAN FEANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 2£, 1896.
sitions could be found in Roman Catholic puD
lications as expressions of Catholic teaching.
Let us therefore see what is their substance:
"In the case of conflict between the ecclesi
astical and civil powers the ecclesiastical pow
ers ought to prevail."
This proposition is universal. It means that
in every case of conflict between the ecclesias
tical and civil powers the former should pre
vail. It does not matter whether the ecclesias
tical power is a Pope or a beadle, whenever and
wherever it comes in conflict with the Civil
powers the civil power must give way.
It was to produce this idea that Ross read
the proposition at the Metropolitan Temple.
It was to produce this idea that the A. P. A.
distributed the proposition in order to pain
adherents. The church must be defamed at
all costs, and the best way to defame her is to
pretend that she is seeking a supremacy over
the state.
Now in the vain attempt to substantiate his
assertion that the Catholic church is seeking I
such a supremacy Ross produces a mass of
quotations.
He gives no references; produces no books. ;
The quotations are boldly torn from their con
text— Wendteized in that skillful fashion pecu
liar to preachers. They mean nothing more
than what all Americans intend— namely,
that we give to Caesar the things that are
Caesar's, and that we give to God things that
are God's.
The Catholic teaching is nothing more nor
less than that which every American citizen
believes and every American court practices.
OK MARRIAGE.
Ross reproduces the outrageous and vile
slanders of the A. P. A. about the Catholic
teaching concerning Catholic marriage. He
came back to that subject in his second lec
ture. Permit me to explain at some length
what we believe about marriage.
MARRIAGE A CONTRACT.
' The key to the understanding of the Catholic
teaching about marriage is to be found in the
idea that marriage is a contract. A contract
is defined by Webster as "The agreement of
two or more" persons upon a sufficient consid
eration or cause to do or abstain from doing
some act." The Catholic dictionary says
"Marriage is a natural contract between man
and woman." To us, therefore, marriage is an
agreement between man and woman by .which
they covenant to live together as husband and
wife. If we keep this definition clearly before
us it will not be hard for us to understand the
regulations of the church. . ;•:.'*
THE MINISTER OP MARRIAGE.
In the first place, then, as marriage is a con
tract, it follows that the contracting parties
alone are competent to make the contract.
Marriage does not consist in appearing before
any official of church or state. It consists
solely of the agreement to live together as man
and wife. Looting at the subject from a mere
natural standpoint, there is no reason why
this agreement should be made in the presence
of witnesses or after any specified mode or in
any particular place. Natural marriage is a
natural contract, and simple consent is suffi
cient to form it. As soon as that consent is
given the contract subsists, just as the contract
of buying and selling goes into effect as soon
as the seller accepts the terms offered by him
who buys.
IMPEDIMENTS.
Now it is well understood that all persons
are not capable of entering into contracts.
The tenant to whom you lease your house has
no right to sell it, because the "house does not
belong to him. If you have agreed to deliver
a certain parcel of goods for a certain price to
one person you cannot sell the same goods to
another person. Contracts made by persons
not in their right mind or in durance have no ,
value. The laws and customs of pecple hedge
contracts round with many conditions, all of !
which must be fulfilled before the contract can
be valid. the same way even in natural so
ciety the contract of inarnago is surrounded
by conditions which must be fulfilled under
penalty of having the contract declared null
and void.
Conditions which must be fulfilled before
the marriage contract can exist may be called
the impediments or hindrances to marriage.
Some of these conditions are necessary for till
contracts, some are peculiar to the marriage
contract. Thus, for instance, insane persons,
children, tho-e who are not free, who are held
by force, who are temporarily deprived of
their reason by drugs or drink, arc incapable i
of making the contract of marriage because
they are incapable of making any contract.
Thus two persons related to each other in the
first degree, though able to make other con
tracts, are not allowed to enter on the contract
of marriage, because, and this is peculiar to
the marriage contract, such closeness of rela
tionship injuriously affects the children who
are the offspring.
CLANDESTINITY.
Still looking at marriage as a mere natural
contract there is another condition or impedi
ment which deserves notice here. As we have
said, marriage Is a contract and in order to
enter upon it nothing more is required than
the consent of the contracting parties. Mar
riage, however, is peculiar in this that the
state or community has an interest in it. ; For
instance, tho transfer of property depends a
good deal on the marriage contract and in j
order to obtain security in titles it becomes i
necessary to take measures to control |
the marriage contract. The case is precisely
that of a man who wishes to sell land. The i
buying and selling can in the natural way be
consummated by the simple I consent of the i
parties concerned. But the state for its own
protection orders that the transaction be
entered on the public records. In the same I
way up to a year ago in this State of California
the contract of marriage was valid without !
witnesses or other formalities; but at the last
Legislature the State interfered and declined
that in mture the contract must be a public
contract made before witnesses under the pen
alty of nullity. This condition is called the j
Impediment of Clandestinity.
In Its highest ideal, and under the conditions
of its primitive constitution, marriage is a
contract which lasts until death, and it can
only be made by one man with one woman,
though by reason of the hardness of men's
hearts both polygamy and divorce have been
allowed. Now we come to another point of
view— marriage under the Christian dis
pensation. It is the teaching of the
Catholic church that Christ elevated the
natural contract of marriage to the
dignity of a sacrament called matrimony.
Just as he raised the natural washing with
water to baptism and the natural eating and
drinking to the euchnrist, so he made the
union of man and wife the sacramental em
blem of the union which exists between him
and fiis church. We must remember, however,
that this elevation exists only for Christians.
For tlio.se who are outside the pale of Christen
dornjinarriage is still the mere natural contract;
but for tr.oiu who profess to follow Christ's teach
ing for the baptized marriage is ever and above
this a sacrament whicn is governed by peculiar
laws nnd regulated by the conditions Imposed
by Christ himself. When Christ made mnr
riage a sacrament he did not festroy its char
acter as a coutract. Hence, according to Catho
lic teaching, the priest is not the minister of
this sacrament. The contracting parties are
the ministers. For some time before the
Council of Trent the presence of any wit
ness to the contract was not n< ■ces
sary for Its validity before the church.
In other words, th 3 law of the church
on the validity ol '"contract marriages" or
"clandestine marriages" was precisely the
same as that of the Kate of California. The
same reason, however, which lftd the last Leg
islature to abolish "contract marriages" led
ihe Council of Trent to abolish "clandestine
marriages." It therefore decreed that in fu
ture no one could make a valid contract of
marriace except in the presence of the parish
priest and at least two witnesses. Jn order,
however, to preserve all rights the council
added that this law should not be operative
until proclaimed in each -parish. Hence it
came to pass that the law bound
only in countries which were Catholic,
while in the new Protestant countries it lias
never been proclaimed. Later on, when the
movements of jiopulation brought a majority
of Catholics into a Protestant country or a
number of Protestants into a Catheiic* coun
try, a grave difficulty arose. This was the
question of marriages between Protestants, or
between Catholics nnd Protestants, not cele
brated before the parish priest. In order to
meet this difficulty a decree was issued which
declared that the impediment of ciandesiinity
did not bind except where both parties are
Catholic. This decree holds in California,
and to-day if a Catholic marries a Protestant
before a minister or a Justice, though lie sins
grievously and scandalously, the church holds
the marriage to br: binding.
Hence I may sum up the Catholic teaching
on marriage In the following three proposi
tions:
1. The marriages of Protestants in California
(where the Council of Trent binds, and a
fortiori, outside of California where the Coun
cil of Trent does not bind) are valid iii the
eyes of the church-.
2. The marriage of a Catholic and of a Prot
estant (even before a Justice) is a valid mar
riage in the eyes of the church, though we
hold the Catholic party commits grave sin.
3. No marriage is invalidated by the Coun
cil of Trent in America, except the marriage
of two Catholics. As both the contracting
parties are Catholics they are supposed to obey
the laws of the church. If they don't like
these laws they can get out. But they cannot
be Catholics and still violate Catholic discip
line.
In conclusion, Mr. Editor, let me refer to a
wonderful discovery of I). Ross. He states
that the Pope read a. certaiu document to 2155
cardinals. Why did he not mate it 3t>s whiie
he was about it? This example of egregious
ignorance is a fair judge of the caliber of Don
ald Koss.
What he says of me personally does not
trouble me mm-h. lie said, however, that he
had a priest helping him in this controversy. I
hereby brand him as a malicious liar. No
priest had helped him in this controvery. He
has, however, consulted with a man who was
once a Catholic— a sot and a fautor of Vhieves ;
but he is no more a priest than Donald Ross Is,
and to all the aid this befuddled tngrate can
afford I). Uoss is welcome. It becomes a slan
derer to consort with thieves.
Of course there is some excuse for Ross' pro
fanity and vulgarity, lie has fallen awfully
flat, and no wouder bis vanity is injured. Au
office boy, who now and again dips into poetry,
has delivered himself of the following jingle,
which summarizes the situation and the feel
ings of D. Ross: '.* " ":ii
JiOWTOoaald Boss of Douglass street £
He lifted up Ills voice, ' ; - 1
Am! when Ik- lifted up that same ?;,;
His sayings wore not choice.
And all he said i cannot tell,
For Donald is no lamb;
His epithets were rousing hot,
His phrases 'pan as they ought not
. With a decided ■
For Donald F.oss of Douglass street * •■ ■
Was sad and sore, situ ! -
• As sad and sore as when a man
Sits down upon a tack. ';■• ,'
For he sat down upon the Tope
(Whom may the Lord amend);
- And only then dli he find out
What he had often heard about—
That Popes and tacks, without a doubt,
Possess a business end. •-
For Donald Ross of Douglass street,
lie stood right up and said
The archives of the I'ope 1 seen,
And all his secrets read. _
Now I produce before you here
Four things he's going to do;
As sure's my name is Donald Ross,
The Pope will come the seas across,
And all our institutions boss
And turn our noses blue.
Moreover a! I his bloody priests
And other Irish Micks,
Are trying to subdue this land
By canning little tricks,
For they is putting Rome's red hand
. Into the public purse, ':''■".-- !
And if 8 patriot says them nay * - :JsV ;
Krects his ears and brays his bray
As I am doing here to-day
And oft have done in Canada
They smite him with their curse.
Besides, I tell yet, patriots true,
He'll massaeray us all :
. He will noi spare or age or sex ;
. He'll slay both great and small; ... . ;
The papists all are arming fast ;..-.:.' ;
Our country for to take;
So rouse ye quick, aae Deny boys,
Me Scandinaviftu hobbledehoys, i.'v-
Canucks and Finns make lots Of noise ■ ;
And see the papists quake.
All these predictions, patriots,
Are wrote down in n hook,
And here's that book lor yez to see,
ho close your eyes and look.
And if there's any doubts my word,
This booK is here to show
And prove right out that Home's red hand
Is stretched forth to grab this land;
To squeeze our gallant patriot band
And lay our banner low.
Yours truly,
P. C. Yobkk.
POSTSCKIFTCM.
The second act of the comedy shows D. Ross
proving that the Pope and the priests ought to
have dominion over temporal, affairs. I re
mark with much surprise that Dr. Ross has
steered clear of the syllabus and has prac
tically confessed that he could not find the
second proposition in Roman Catholic pub
lications. ■ " v ;
Let me explain, as briefly as I can, the
origin of this second proposition. Tne
twenty-seventh proposition of the syllabus
runs as follows, in Latin and English:
XXVI I. Eacri ecclc-sifu! The sacred ministers
I minisiri l:orr;nnus<]uejof the church and the
I pontif x ab Omni vcrum]Roman Pontiff should be
j temporatium cura ur entirely excluded from
dominie suut umnlno ail administration and
excJudendi. ownership of temporal
I things.
The word "dominium" means not dominion
1 but ownership and the sentence was written
| by a man who thought that the Pope and the
priests had no right to own even the coats on
i their backs.
When, however, D. Ross got hold of the prop
osition, he treated it as he did the fourth. To
show the unblushing character cf the forgery
I will put the translation and the misrepresen
tation in parallel columns.
The sacred ministers The Pope and the
of the church aud the priests ought to have
j Roman Fontiif should be <:<uriinion over temporal
entirely excluded lrom affairs. .
i all administration and
! ownership Of temporal j
things. I
■ This, then, was the statement spread all over
the country. It means as it stands that the I
Pope and tho priests ought to run everything
I —ought to have dominion over temporal af
i fairs. D. Ross now comes with more of his
eviscerated quotations to prove that the Pope
1 and the priests persecuted, that marriage is a
: sacrament, that the city of Rome belongs to
i the Pope. Even supposing that all this was
true, what in trie name of common-sense has it
i to do with a general assertion that the Pope
j and the priests ought to have dominion over
temporal affairs?
The Catholic teaching about dominion over
! temporal affairs 1 have explained time end
time again. The church and the state are two
separate societies. One deals with spiritual
affairs; the other with temporal affairs. The
; dominion over temporal affairs belongs to the
; civil authority, not to the Pope' or tho priests.
This is Catholic doctrine. It is also American .
j doctrine.
No wonder Ross was afraid to face three law
• yers who would not be deceived by the6purlous
j and irrelevant matter which he "inflicts upon
those who pay two bits to be humbugged. No
wonder he preferred to engage in a debate in
stead of producing his proofs.
In conclusion let me reiterate mv assertion
! that Ross is not helped by a priest. He says
! he does not know what a "fautor" of thieves
1 means. Let him sell some of his wonderful
j Catholic books and buy a dictionary.- He will
I there see that fautor means "one who gives
I countenance or support," "a favorer," and
j seeing he will understand what I mean by
j saying that the fuddled renegade who runs
j with him is a fautor of thieves. ,
WARDALL ON POPULISM
The Chairman of the State Cen
tral Committee Diagnoses
the Party.
UNION WITH THE SILVER MEN.
Tbe Leader's Views on the Necessities
and Prospects of the Populist
Faction.
E. M, "Wardall of Los Angeles, chairman
of the Populist State Central Committee,
yesterday gave an exposition of the condi
tion and hopes of the Populist party.
He has just returned from a six weeks'
tour of the East, during which he has
attended officially, as a representative of
the party in California, the meeting of the
Populist National Central Committee in
St. Louis January 17 and the supreme
council of the Farmers' Alliance held on
February 2. He was a member of a special
committee sent from St. Louis to the
silver conference at Washington on
January 22. During his Eastern trip he
met with the State Reform Press Associa
tion of Illinois, (;t Chicago, January 11,
stopped in many cities and talked with
many peonlo and spent a day with Gover
nor Waite at Denver. So he arrived here
last Saturday fresh from fountains of
political information.
When asked yesterday for the sum of his
impressions and an opinion on the party
in this State, he talked as follows:
The party is in good condition. We are con
fident of bie gains this year on our own ac
count irrespective of any affiliation with the
silver men or other reform elements. There
are no factions in our party anywhere as there
are in all other parties, and It is in a growing
condition.
At St. Louis we invited all friends of mone
tary reform to meet with us in St. Louis at the
time of our National Convention, July 22, and
In- subsequent agreement the silver men will
meet there at the same time. There will l>e
separate conventions and each conveutiorf will
adopt platforms expressive of its own views on
the silver nnd other questions, but the silver
men are going to make silver their only issue.
They will fight on thatquestion alone. If they
adopt the money plank advocated at the eoii-
KJCBS, it will embruce the full money question:
First, the unlimited coinage of silver irrespect
ive of international agreement; second, the
Government shall issue all paper money with
out the intervention of banking corporations
third, opposition to the issuance of interest
[tearing bonds In times of peace. It will favor
the issuance by the Government of sufficient
]>uppr money to provide an adequate volume
of currency.
All that is in harmony with our views on
the money question. "We will have other
planks in our platform, but what they will be
I ennnot anticipate. I think, however, that
our National platform will bo more simple,
direct and clear than four years ago. We will
not abandon any important principle, but our
platform will be pruned down in comparison
With our last one. I think that there will be
something* left out this year, but that a plank
favoring "direct legislation" will be iucorpo
rated, as it was not last time. My impression
is tnat our Slate plattorms this year will also
be brief and contain little more than the
National platform.
I anticipate that when tho Populist aud Sil
ver conventions meet at St. Louis there will be
appointed a conference committee to agree
upon candidates and I do not foresee any diffi
culty in effecting such en agreement. It is
anticipated that the PopuMsts and fcilver men
will be able in many States to vote for the same
Presidential electors, and to agree upon Con
gressionul and legislative tickets. In such"
cases the Populists would divide the repre
sentation with the silver men. There may
and likely will be a unioa in some States upon
State officers, but the main combination would
naturally be upon electors and upon legisia
tive tickets.
There is a feeling throughout our party that
we are sure of carrying a number of States
without any assistance. We are particularly
strong in Texas, North and South Carolina,
Alabama ana Georgia, and we expect to be
able to carry those States. In the West we are
similarly strong, in Colorado, Kansas, Ne
braska and North Dakota. In all these States
we will show greater strength than ever before
and, as 1 say, I think we will be able to win
without assistance.
My impression is that the silver men are
thoroughly in earnest and that they will go in
to light for their one principle irrespective of
party, and will not be deterred from it by any
thing. It takvs courage to do that and I re
spect men who will do it. In our opinion the
money question rises in importance above the
tarifr and other questions, We now have ten
representatives in Congress including the five
Farmers' Alliance Congressmen from North
Carolina, and we expect to mske large Con
gressional gains in the coming campaign.
At the session of the Reform Press Associa
tion of Illinois, which I attended, there were
seventeen papers represei.ted, two of which
were Prohibitionist organs, and Mr. Harvey of
"Coin's Financial School" whs there. It was
unanimously decided to advocate a union of
all the forces in the State advocating mone
tary reform. There will this year likely be a
union everywhere to a large extent with the
Prohibitionist element. Our principles are
the same 'with the sole exception of prohibi
tion.
Governor Waite, whom I saw, is not a very
active man now. He is an excellent man. but
too radical to be a great success in politics.
But he is a man of generous impulses aud
honest and true.
In California our campaign will concern
only Presidential electors and Congressmen,
anal cannot predict what will be done here
until after the conference of the silver men
and Populists in St. Louis in July. As far as I
have been able to observe there is the best of
feeling between the Populists and silver men
in this State. No party in this State is in
better condition than ours. It has no factions
and no bosses; it is having big accessions
right along.
In the last campaign our average rote on the
State ticket was (50,000. I can't say how big a
vote we will poll this time, but my opinion is
we will carry the State. The Prohibitionists
in this State will vote for prohibition iirst and
with us next. They are generally Populists,
except on the point of prohibition. There are
10,000 Prohibitionists in this State, and we
wiil get at least half of this vote for our State
ticket, which we did not get before. The lead
ers of the Prohibition element this year favor
getting the reform elements together.
Then the amendments to the Australian bal
lot law paese.l at the last session of the Legis
lature will give us one man In every polling
booth in the State, and that will be worth
many votes to us. The amendments regarding
the voting of illiterates will also give us many
votes. Then I apprehend thnt the silver men
In this State will not ."top at Presidential elec
tors, but will vote with us for Congressional
and Legislative nominees. The natural growth
of the party will give us many thousand votes
without any combination or reform forces,
and for these reasons 1 predict that we will be
strictly in it this year.
1 haven't had time yet to talk to many sil
ver men since I returned, but if the effort at
combination succeeds at the National Conven
tions 1 suppose it will succeed here.
There will not be any great activity in the
party in this State or elsewhere before the
National Convention meets, because our action
will depend so largely upon the action of the
National Convention. In the meantime there
will be little talk about the men who will be
nominated at the National Convention. Onr
nominees there will depend largely upon the
conference with the silver men, and in the
meantime nobody will be boomed for office in
our party.
The State Central Committee held a meeting
last October, at which it was decided that the
State Convention should meet in Sacramento
at a time to be designated by me. Within a
short time 1 shall issue a call for a primary and
fur a meeting of the State Convention early in
May. lieyoud that little will be done soon
besidestliedistributionof literature, which will
especially consist of the speeches of Tillman
and iiutler.
Mr. Wardall will remain in the City for
tv.-o or three days and then return to Lcs
Angeles. . ■
COOK WILL MOVE.
His Courtroom Will Be Given Over to
Police Judge Campbell in
Future.
The Board of New City Hall Commis
sioners at their meeting yesterday decided
to relieve Police Judge Campbell from the
burden of holding court any longer in the
basement of the City Hall and to provide
him with a room on the first floor.
Justice Cook signified a willingness to
move if other quarters were prepared for
him, and it was decided to give his room
to Judge Campbell. Justice Cook will be
given quarters on the second floor.
The Commissioners declined to grant
the application of J. C. Pelton, the pioneer
educator, for quarters for himself and
family in the Hall.
Oakland Opera Season.
At the Macdonoush Theater to-night the
Tavary Opera Company will open a two days'
season with "11 Trovatore." Guille will sing
Manrico. At the Thursday matinee "The Bo
hemian Girl" will bo sung and on Thursday
evening "Carmen," with Thea Dorrc in the
title role.
NEW TO-DAT.
(iARETTOUCKiM
Men Get Roped Into All Kinds
of Skin Games.
The Worst Roped Man Is the Cigarette
Smoker— Robbed of Health and Alan- •' ',*
hood, His Most Precious
Possession.
''Say, where
A-. U d'you get that cof-
!1. / fin nail, Chini-
!jt j 1 jney?"
/s^*!k \P I Li "Oh, I caught it
\mKi % . II /pi on ne y from de
's^^r^ n IV 'v '■ guy on dc corner."
i*Vf ! >W V^ And the two little
' if- A \\»rfk \ -]f\ bootblacks — God
■'• v%JliL?n.^i bless ' cm ' the y
1" +\JIT^AF If 1 didn't know any
I JS" better— sat on the
I laffi/S?A~SiI '■A curb and smoked
I M "a A the cigarette out of
/ J%k I (ft- 8i ? I ? t - '
1 jffk / £s We often wonder
r'l-iiMl '■••> •I.*' - when we sec and
7 ■JU» «\ I hear such things
■•i/\ -^ - -.1 - ■ how the other half
/ \ I/ I of the world lives,
I J^i L-^ _ 1 especially when so
ff J^f ' / TVa MB - .many spend their
/ / ' Vvi i 'l money, and, worst
lA. MXI ? f all, ■ their, vital-
?A *£~L&rJ ity, in smoking
.•<S53> ~ SMr -i&r~ cigarettes.
If you don't think cigarettes, in fact any form
of tobacco-using, hurts you, watch the cigar-
ette-smoker who has indulged the habit for
some time. See how his hands tremble; the
anxious look on his face tells of irregular
heart- beat his nervousness betrays itself in a
dozen ways. If you are a cigarette-smoker you
are never feeling quite at ease unless you are
puffing a stinking little nerve-wrecker. -"" -;:0
Don't you want release?
Don't you want just a few months with a
pure, sweet breath, improved health, vigorous
manhood?
See what Nc-To-bac has done for others—
ao for you: - :■ • : > ■;"•
CUBED IX I/ESS THAN A WEEK.
Oakland, CaL, No. 1821 Market «t.,
Augusj2o, 1895. '
Sterling Remedy Co.: ■.■■'■-.- -.:-.■ . .
•I bought a box of Ko-To-Bac three weeks ago.
from your agents here— Kirklend <fc Trowbridse—
and it cured me In less than one week, since which
time 1 have recommended it to several otners. and
have induced at least half a dozen to degln the
treatment, all of whom say it is helping them.
• I weighed 155 pounds when I began the treat-
ment and now I weigh j 163— a 'gain . of 8 pounds
■within three ■ weeks. - 1 am 24 years of aite and
have used cigarettes and chewing tobacco since I
was 1- years or age, smokio? on an average for
the last iiveyi nrs of about 25 cigarettes a day. .
Yours respectfully, KDW. J. 1> ON NELL, AN.
You need not take our word for it, nor do we
sell No-To-15ac on. the recommendation « of
others. : Simply buy from your own. " druggist,
under' absolute guarantee, and you run no
risk. Get our booklet, -'Don't Tobacco Spit
and Smoke Your Life Away," written guaran-
tee of cure and free sample, mailed for the
; asking. Address The ; Sterling Remedy Co.,
i Chicago or .New York. • ' ||||||
NEW TO-DAT-DRT GOODS. ~hJA
- — TO —
The immense quantity of goods to be cleared out before the end
of our sale Saturday impels us to mark down the following and
many other lines TO BE FORCED OUT TO-DAY
REGARDLESS OF SACRIFICE!
GLOVES! GLOVES!
At 43 Cont.J.
110 dozen LADIES' 5-HOOK AND 4-BUTTON GLOVES, dressed and undressed kid
(manufacturers' samples), colors and black, regular values $1 and $125, will be
closed out at 45c a pair.
COLORED DRESS GOODS.
-A-t 43 Couts.
120 pieces 50-INCH FINE ALL-WOOL LADIES' CLOTH, in plain and mixed colors,
worth $1, for 45c a yard.
RIBBONS! RIBBONS!
At 2O Cents.
50 pieces ALL-SILK 4}£-INCH STRIPED RIBI3ON, in assorted colors, value 35c, will
be offered at 20c;
-A.t 23 Conts.
60 pieces 'ALL-SILK 5-INCH DRESDEN RIBBON, entirely new, value 45c, will be
offered at 25c.
MEN'S SILK HANDKERCHIEFS!
At 1O Conts.
45 dozen MEN'S JAPANESE HEMSTITCHED SILK HANDKERCHIEFS, large
size, regular price 25c, will be closed out at 10c each.
EMBROIDERIES!
-A.t XO Cents ft "ST«-:rcl.
3000 yards CAMBRIC, NAINSOOK AND SWISS GUIPURE EMBROIDERY,
regular value 20^, will be placed on sale at 10c a yard.
LADIES' WAISTS!
A.t SO Conts.
LADIES' WAISTS, made of fancy stripes and checks, laundried collar and cuff a, will
be offered at 50c.
At &X.OO.
LADIES' WAISTS, made of fancy lawns, dimities and percale, laundried collar and
cuffs, extra full sleeves, regular price $1 50, will be offered at $1.
/ Bjns«&^ MURPHY BUILDING, /
(/(/ i fM- Street, corner of Jones, /
RAILROAD TRAVEL]
LOW RATES BY RAIL
....T0....
, PORTLAIVriD, on.
FRIDAY FEBRUARY 28,
And Every Fifth Day Thereafter.
Leave from S. P. Co.'s Ferry landing, foot
of Market St., at 8:00 P. m.
' AT f" ft— lncluding Berth in Pullman Tourist
i ■ WliOU deeper.
: i ' - ....ALSO...
i First-class tickets, including berth in fll»"! C.OO
Pullman Standard Sleeper, '3'-'-^' •
1 SPECIAL NOTICE.
This train will not stop to deliver or take on pa«-
sencers at Intermediate stations, nor will tickets as
, sold or baggage checked to such points.
MS- Through Tickets for l*uget Sound
points on Sale at Kciluced Kates.
For further information apply at
613 MARKET STKEKT (Grand Hotel
Ticket Office). San Francisco.
KICHARD GRAY, . -5 v T.H.GOODMAN',
Gen. Traffic Mgr. Gen. Pass. Agt
SMFRASCISCO & NORTH PA-
CMC RAILWAY CO.
Tiburon Ferry— Foot of Market St.
San Francisco to San Rafael.
WEEK DAYS— 7:4O, 9:20, 11:00 a. m.; 12-33
3:80, 6:10, 6:30 p. it Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:50
and 11:30 p. m.
BDNDAYS-8:00. 9:30, 11:00 A. M-: 2:30, 3:30,
6:00, 6:20 P. M.
San Kafael to San Francisco.
WEEK DAYS— 6.2S, 7:55, 9:30, 11:10 a.m.-
-12:45, 3:40, 5:10 p. M. Saturdays— Extra trips
at 1:55 p. m. and 6:35 P. M.
BUNDAYS-8:10, 9.10, 11:10 A. It; 1:40, 3:40,
8:00, 6:25 P. M.
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park same
schedule as above.
Leave 1n ..... Arrive
San Francisco. AT, 28." San Francisca
Wkkk I Sax- uewfnatlon Sun- I Wek
Pats. I pays, destination. 3AYS .[ D AY a.
j 7 am 8 am I Kovato, 10:10 am 8:50 au
! 3:30 pm 9:30 am; Petaluma, 6:05 pm 10:30 am
I 6:10 pm 5:00 pm ; Santa Rosa. 7:30 pmi - ii:ls fu
■ Fulton, ■
7:40 am Windsor, 10:30 am
Healdsbun;,
{ Geyservi'le,
8:30 Tti 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:30 pm 6:15 pm
— p; etaj ■
IPieta, & •
Hopland <S
7:40 am 8:00 am Uklab. 7:30 Pit 6:15 pm
7:40 am I" 10:30 am
1 8:00 am Guernevllle. 7:30 fm
j 3:30 pm 6:15 PM
I 7:40 am 8:00 am Sonoma 10:40 am 8:50 ah
0:10 I'M 5:00 pm and 6:05 I'M 6:1."> pm
[_ I Glen Ellen. ■■-
7:40 am i 8:00 ami Seba<stODOl 10:40 am 10:30 am I
3:30 pm l s :00 pm [ b eDa s to P ol - | 6:05 pm| 6:15 pm
! Stages connect at San Rafael for Uolinas.
. Stages connect at Cloverdale for the Geysers.
Stages connect nt Pleta for Highland Springs,
K'lseyville, Lakeport.
Stages connect at I T klah for Vichy Springs, Hide
Lakes, Laurel Dell. Upper Lake, Booneville, Green-
wood, Mendocino City. Fort Eras:;, Usal, West port,
Cahto. Willetts, Calpella, Porno, Potter Valley, John
Day's, Lively's, Gravelly Valley, Harris, Scotia
•nd EureKa. .' ' ■
. Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at reduced
rates. •
On Sundays round-trip tickets t» all points be- 1
I yond San K&fael at half rates.
Ticket Office. 650 Market st., Chronicle building.
H. C WHITING, K. X. RYAN,
• Gen. Manager. ' Gen. Paas. Agent.
50RTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD
(Via Sausalito Ferry). ; .
' From San Francisco, beginning October 27, 1893.
WEEKDAYS.
For Mill Valley and San Rafael— 7:3o, 9:15, 11:00
A. M.; 1:45.3:45,6:15, 6:: J .O p. m. -
Ban Quentln— 7:3o, 9:15 a. m.; 1:45. 5:16 r. m.
Extra trips for San. Ratnel on Mondays, Wednes-
days and Saturdays at 11:30 p. m. . ■■.■'■ :•>.
SUNDAYS.
! For Mill Valley, San Rafael and San Quentln—
8:00.10:00,11:30 a.m.: 1:30.3:00,4:30, *6:15
r T. X. . 'Does not run to Sail Quentln.
;v ..•'.': THROUGH TRAINS.
. 7:30 a. x. weekdays— and way stations.
1:45 p. m. Saturdays— Tomales and way stations.
8:00 a. m. Sundays— Point Keres ana waystatloasi
Baja California
Damiana Bitters
! Is a powerful aphrodisiac and specific tonic for tha
sexual and urinary organs of both sexes, and a
great remedy for diseases of the kidneys and blad-
i der. A ffreat Restorative, Invigoratorand Nervine.
j Sells on its own Merits— no long-winded testi-
monials necessary. ■ .'
JNA IJKK, ALIS & IJRUNK, Agents,
323 Market St., S. F.— (Send for Circular.)
I RAILROAD TRAVEL -j
gOUTHIIBH PACIFIC <osfi»Airy.
; '■; ':%j':- . (PACIFIC hVST£K.> Q
TralM Irmc nml nro <!■••> to arrive ■( ■
SAN nUHMMS*.
leave — FiiOH November 20, 1595. — abiuti
6:30 a Haywarda, NUes and Way Stations.. 1O:ISa
7:00 a Atlantic Eiprc?s, Oguen and Kast.. 8:4.1»
7:00 a IJenicii, Vacarille. Kcrrscy. Sacra*
laento, and Redding Tin Davis.... 7:lSp
7:30 a Martinez, San Katnon, Napa, Cafe*
toga and Santa lloci 6:13*
8:30 a Nllcs, Kan Jose, Stockton, lone, ' - ; ."
Sacramento, Marygville, Re«l Ulult
and Sundays ercepted Oroville «il»p
•8:S0a Peters and Milton "7:18p
9:OOa .San Leandro, Hazards & Way St'ns 11:43 a
0:00 a Los Angeles Express, Raymond,
(for Vosemlte), Santa Daruara
and Los Angeles ................ 4»45f
9:00 a Martinez and Stockton HJ:4.la
1():«Oa San LeaDdrff, Kaywtrds and Niles . 1:43p
1 2:UOm San Leandro. Haywardu 4 Way St"D» 2:45*
l:OOi» JCiles, San Jcso and Lirermore S:43a.
•l:OOp Sacramento ILiver Steamers »O:OOp
fl:3op Port Costa and Way Stations. 17: ISf
»:OOp San Leandro, Hayw&rdst WaySt'ns 5:40p
4:oWpSanLcasdro,llaywarUs&WaySt'ns 0:43f
4:0(li" Martinez, Han Itamon, . Vallejo,
Napa. Calistoga, 221 Verano and
Sauta l'.osa Vila*
«:••.•? Benleia. Esparto, Woodland. / r«
' Kult'Uts liandlng, . Marjarille,
Orovillo and Sacramento I*t4B*
4tBSr Niles, San Jos 1 !, LiTermore and -- 1 -
Stockton 7:18»
B:03p San Leaadrc, HaTwar<l3 & Way St'ns 8:40*
2:3oi' New Orleans L'xiireij.l'resuo.Bakers*-
fa Id. Santa liarbnra.liOS Augelef,
- Deming, El Paso, New Orleans and
East ; 10: 15a
3i39p Santa Fo l'otite. Atlantic Kzpresa
for Mojavo and East 10:43 a,
«:«Op F.uropeau Mail, Osilei) and ICust.... 0:43 a
- 6:tH>pllay\vards, Klksand San J05e...... 7:111 a
}7:o(ir Vallejo f7;4.-»p
7:011 1 1 Orcßoii J:xprpa3, Sacramento, Mmj-s-
-ville, Ueildinj, Portland, rnget
Sound and Fast 10:43 a
7:00p San Leandro, Haytrardsft Way St'ns lO:30p
O:O»p San Loindro,llcywards& Way Sfns it 12:««a
»l«»t»Op "Sunset limited," Fresno. Los
. Angeles, El Paso, New Orleans "*•
andKast ffettSy
j ffllllß^Sar. Lcandro. Hay wards & Way St'ns TtISA
SANTA CUCZ DIVISION (yarrow Cans*).
8t 13 a Newark,(_'entervill<*,San Jose.Felton,' ' *
Boulder Creek, Santa Cruz Way
SUtions OiMa
•3:15p Newark. CentcrTillc, San Jose, New
Aluiaden, Felton, Boulder Cr*-ek,
Sauta Cruz and Principal . Way
Stations *1 1:904
4:15r Newark, San Joss and Los Gates... . 9:B#a
f11:45p Hunters' F.^curslon. Ban Jose and
Way Statiops > \7:*99
COAST DIVISION (Tlilnl A. 'loirnsciiii Sis.)
«:45a 8211 Joso an. l Way Stations (New *
Almaden Wednesdays only), 1:4 Of
. ■iISAFJau Joso, Tres J'iiios, Santa Crux,
f I»aciUc Grove. Paso Rubier, Han
Luis Obispo, Guadalups and Prin-
c ipal Way Stations ...;.. ■.'..'..... 7:03*
10:40 a Rhii Joso and Way Stations... 5:00*
11:45 A Palo Alto and Way Stations &:«0l
*2:3OrSan Jose. Gilrny. Tres Pinos, -Santa -,-'.
' ' '.•■ 'fs Cruz, Salinas, Monterey and Pacitic
(Jioto .... ..' *10:40 a
•ai.'top San Joso ami Principal Way Stations U:4"a
•I:n0i- San Jose ami Way Stations »8:0Ca
5:30p San Jose and "Way Stations *M:4Sa
S G:3Oj-San Jnsoauil Way Stations ti::i,fA
|ll:-<oi'Saii.Tofnnn<l Way Stations |7:45%
CREEK route ferry. *
From SIN FR4HCISCO— of Mtrket Street (Slip 8)—
•7:l* 9:00 11:00 a.m. $1:00 •200 t3*CI
•1:00 }E:00 *6^op.M. . *■ V •
/rom OAtXABB— Foot of Eroadwij.— *COO 8-00
. 10:00 a.m. U2:CO *1:00 t3^o •3:CO liioo
' •5:00r.M. ■■ . . • • . " .•
. o A for Morning. P for Afternoon.
• Sundays excepted t Saturdays only.
... ■■ -, • J Sund»y» only. \ - .
_1\ Monday. Thurauay and B»Uur<lay nights only.
TT»er days and Saturday! <Bo«dayaanaThu»daa«.
Atlantic
Trains leave from ana arrive iclP3cft>T£Gs39?>
at Market-Street Ferry. rf^Pss^^oUTga
SANTA FE EXPRESS
To Chfcago via A. & P. Direct Line
Leaves every day as 3:30 P. m.. carrying: Pullman
Palace Sleepers and Tourist Sleepers to Ch:casp»
via Kansas City without change. Annex cars 10.
Denver and St. Louis. „.,,
CHICAGO LIMITED,
From Los Angeles to Chicago.
Solid Vestibule Train Daily, with Dining-cars,
under Harvey s manocement. Connecting trains
leave San Francisco at 9 a. m. »nd 3:30 p. m. daily.
The best railway from California to the East.
New rails, new ties; no dust: lnterestlns scenery;
and good meal* in Harvey's dining-room or dlnini- .
arS " Ticket Office— 644 Market Street,
Chrouiclo BuU4iPSi.
910
BROWN PRESENTS
NEW EVIDENCE
Deacon Dexter Tells of a
Visit Mrs. Stockton
Made.
"WOULD LIE OR STEAL."
Rev. John Ray of Sonoma Also
Comes to the Rescue of the
Pastor.
MRS. DAVIS' GRAVE CHARGES.
The Story of the Now Famous Turkish
Tea Is Related in Minute
Detail.
Dr. Brown had an innine before the
ecclesiastical council, which, after a four
days' rest, met in the assembly-room of
the First Congregational Church yester-
day. The pastor sprang a surprise in the
person of Key. John Ray, formerly his
associate, but now located at Sonoma, and
followed this up by introducing Deacon D.
Cilbert Dexter.
The testimony of the two witnesses was
in rebuttal in a limit-ed way to the state
ment of Mrs. Stockton, and they succeeded
in throwing many side Lights on the win-
Borne widow's oft-repeated story.
As early as 1 o'clock the entrance to the
lecture-room was besieged by hundreds of
people, mostly ladies. "When the doors
were finally opened there was a wild rush
for Beats, which soon resulted in bringing
about a "standing-room only" state of
things. Men and women were content to
group themselves aloi.g the wall, deter
mined evidently net to miss anything
worth seeing or hearing.
Mrs. Brown, Miss Overman and young
Valentine Brown came early, securing
scats in the front row and immediately op
posite the moderator. Across the aisle,
one seat back, sat Mrs. Cooper, her daugh
ter, Miss Hattie, and Mrs. Lena Blanchard,
the lady who indulged in a lit of hysterics
on the occasion of her last appearance in
the council chamber. Mrs. Stockton was
DOt present.
There were many new but well-known
faces among the tlircng anxious to wit
ness the proceedings. Many had come
.-i to get a glirupse of Miss Overman and
i'r. Brown, while others had been drawn
to the sacred edifice unuer the impression
that Mrs. Davidson would be placed on the
stand.
Ex-Supervisor Burling was conspicuous
in the midst of those who found thenu
telves without cliair^ after the tirst great
rush for seats was over. Archie McMil
lin. whose name has been mentioned in
connection with that of Mrs. Stockton,
was also present.
At ten minutes after 2 the council fil«»d
into t lie lecture-room and, after a fervent
prayer by Rev. Mr. 'lenney and the reading
of the minute's, proceeded directly to the
matter in hand. Rev. John Kea was the
first witness called, and it \va« plainly evi
dent that he wa> somewhat of a surprise
to the prosecution.
Though his testimony was not particu
larly strong, yet it was helpful to the pas
tor's cause in showing that lie as assistant
to Dr. Brown iiad never seen Mrs. Stock
ton in conversation with the latter or
knew of her visits to the office. As he was
at the church during the busy hours of the
d ly Mr. Rea did not think it likely that
Mr-. Stockton could have been a constant
visitor without at some time coming under
his observation.
"It seems to me,'' he said, "that all the
sorrow and suffering of San Francisco was
resting on the shoulders of Dr. Brown at
that time. F.very one who had trouble
seemed to come to him for advice and
assistance. The amount of work he did
was nothing short of wonderful. It would
Lave killed me in two weeks' time."
Deacon D. Gilbert Dexter was next
placed on the stand. He told a short,
concise story of a visit Mrs. Stockton paid
him three or four weeks ago.
"She told me." saia Mr. Dexter, "that
Bhe would be willing to lie for Dr. Brown —
yes, steal for him, if he would but keep
still. I gathered from her conversation
that she actually Knew nothing against
him, bxil had been forced into her present
position."
Deacon Dexter said he had told all this
to Dr. Brown, who replied that he had
nothing to conceal, but, to the contrary,
insisted on the fullest inquiry. The wit
ness had heard of the 'lurkish tea ir.ci
dent, but was not then aware that Mrs.
Stockton was a member of the church.
During the afternoon session Dr. Brown
r.iade a formal request that Mr.?. Stockton
be recalled for cross-examination. That
lady has, however, declared her intention
not to a^ain appear before the council.
Mrs. May Davis in the course of her tes
timony-declared that Mrs. Stockton said
6he had used all her arts on the pastor, but
without success. She intended to ruin Dr.
Brown, however, because he would not re
fuse the church to Mrs. French for the
Turkish tea.
Mrs. Davis also swore that Minnie Falk
had declared to her Mrs. Stockton's at
tempt to blackmail Governor Perkins, Dr.
Brown and others, and Mrs. Stockton had
also threatened Mrs. French, and at one
time endeavored to attract the latter's
husband.
Mrs. French told all about the Turkish
tea and a quarrel she had with tne pastor,
in which both had said a good many harsh
things. When Mrs. French had completed
her testimony Dr. Brown made the'some
what peculiar acknowledgment that the
moment he and Mrs. Stockton left the
Louse of the witness he became convinced
that the widow had designs upon him.
Judpe Advocate Wadhams announces
that Mrs. Davidson will be the iirst wit
ness placed on the stand to-day. Her ex
amination will probably consume the en
tire afternoon.
After the council adjourned last night,
an informal meeting was held. A com
mittee of three, consisting of Rev. Mr
Kader, E. C. Williams and Rev. Mr. Ten
ney, were appointed to visit Mrs. Eaton in
Oakland and receive her statement.
Mrs. Eaton has refused to appear before
the council, but is willing to tell what she
knows under the conditions above named.
Dr. Brown will accompany the committee.
Tne council will meet to-day at2o'cioct.
THE PROCEEDINGS.
Deacon Dexter Substitutes a
Long Story About Mrs.
Stockton.
Mrs. Brown arrived after the lecture
room at the First Congregational Church
was well tilled yesterday afternoon. Miss
Overman, however, had reserved a seat for
her and the two women fell to whispering
with each otner, the younger one's face
gradually assuming a drawn and much
perplexed expression. Next to Miss Over
man sat Valentine, the Dastor's son, and
across the aisle, on a line with the mem
bers of the Brown household, Mrs. Cooper
and Mrs. Lena Blanchard occupied adjoin
ing chain* The council opened at ten
minutes after 2, at which time the crowd
had increased to such a degree that the
atmosphere was stifling.
The Rev. Mr. Tenny of San Jose led in
prayer. The petition was brief and con
sisted mainly of an iniploration for the
spirit of wisdom on behalf of the council
and a prayer that the congregation might
be blessed* with the gift of patience and
fortitude.
The rollcall and reading of the minutes
followed. Dr. Brown requested the min
utes be corrected so as to read that he had
asked that press representatives be ad
mitted to all sessions of the council. His
request was granted.
The first witness examined was the Rev.
John Ray, former assistant pastor of the
church, at present living in Mill Valley
He said he had been superintendent of the
Sunday-school from July, 1893, to July,
181)4. lie continued, in answer to a ques
tion by the prosecutor:
"I know Mrs. Stockton slightly. She
was received into membership about the
time of the Nrrvember communion. At
the request of Dr. Brown I made inquiries
about her before her admission, as is fre
quently done in similar cases, and could
lind nothing against her. That is to say, I
made inquiries of a minister about Mrs.
Stockton, but I cannot remember who he
was, or where he lived, or what was his
name."
Un being pressed as to any further con
versations regarding Mrs. Stockton, the
witness admitted that Mrs. Brown had
objected to Mrs. Stockton being in the
choir during the Smith revival meetings
in 1894. Dr. Brown and his wife gave no
reason for this attitude toward Mrs. Stock
ton, and the witness asked no questions.
As to the Turkish tea incident the wit
ness had heard from Mrs. French that she
had notified Mrs. Stockton not to appear
at that event, nor to take part In it under
any pretext. About that time Dr. Brown
appeared very much worried and harassed.
He was much occupied with church busi
ness, and was frequently kept very busy
for several successive hours almost daily.
The doctor did not, however, remain at
hie oHiee in the evening. The study door
was locked when the room was unoccu
pied, lie had never seen Mrs. Stockton
converse with Dr. Brown, as far as he could
recollect.
In response to a question by Dr. Brown
Mr. Ray said he could partially recall
writing to the Rev. Mr. Chase of Sonoma
at Brown's request for information regard
ing Mrs. Stockton. He complained that
his memory was poor and frequently re
ferred to a paper, Which he said contained
notes copied from his diary, but none the
lc~s his usual answer was, "I don't remem
ber."
Mrs. Davidson was next called. The
pastor interposed a vigorous protest to the
admission of Mrs. Davidson to the stand
before the Stockton matter should be thor
oughly ventilated. A warm discussion on
sued, which was only ended when it tran
spired that, though called to testify, Mrs.
Davidson was not present.
Deacon Dexter then read the following
written statement:
At 10:30 a. v., January 25, '96, Mrs. Stock
ton of 014 a Mason street came Into my office,
handing me her card by way of introduction.
Several friends were in the office at the time.
She said she wished to see me alone. I went
into the hall front on Mason street, near the
elevator, on the sixth floor, and she said:
••Haven't you a private office?" I replied, "No,
but wo can talk here." She said: "All right.
I wish to talk with you about this unfortunate
affair of I'r. Brown's. I have confidence in
yon, Mr. Dexter, from what 1 hear of you from
others, or should not come to see you at this
time. I sent word for you to come to my
rooms, but not seeing you I finally thought it
my duty to come to see you at your office. I
come only on a mission of peace toward Dr.
Urown that I may be able to assist him in this
hour of his terrible trouble, as well as that of
his family. I have great regard for him and
his family and friends and 1 have no desire to
harm him in any way.
•'With the wish to avoid any further trouble
on my part is the principal reason why I have
called upon you. Yes, I may say the only
reason is that you may convey this, my earnest
wish, to him. Tell him not to have me called
into this case any further. Let me say to you,
Mr. Dexter, that I have always had the highest
regard for Dr. Brown in all respects. He Is a
man of great ability, and I believe he is one
who is able to do great good In the world.
Now, let me say that I have come of my own
volition ami have not been prompted by any
one in coming to see you. lam a poor, "weak
woman, all alone In the world, not seeking
notoriety, but desiring peace — peace with all.
1 have been misquoted and misunderstood.
If Dr. hroivu had iir<t let me alone 1 fihuuld
have said nothing, but being attacked I must
defend myseif as a matter of course. You can
see that, and in that 1 consider 1 was not to
blame.
"I may say to you I have friends who would
do a great 'deal for me if I should c-ai! upon
them, but I have not and shall not, unless I
am driven to the wall, then I shall defend my
self, and they will, without doubt, help me "if
I should say so. This Ido not want. 1 desire
peace, and will keep peace if Dr. Brown so
wills it. Yes, more, iet me say, I would be
willing to lie for Dr. Brown or steal for him,
if I could help lift his burdens, provided he
will let me alone. This 1 wish you to convey
to him personally from me, as I cannot reacji
him, but you can, and I come *o you, believing
you to be a just and true man, from all I have
heard of you, Mr. Dexter. I think I never met
you before to speak to you; at least, I do not
remember that I have, but I believe you will
deal justly by me, from all I hear of you."
I told Mrs. Stockton I was not aware that I
had ever met her before on any occasion, ana
should not have known her until she intro
duced herself at my office to-day. I told her I
should try to deal "justly by her and all con
cerned in this unfortunate affair. That above
all things I desired that truth to be known, the
guilty exposed and punished and the innocent
to be exonerated. To that end all my efforts
had been directed and would be to the end.
Mrs. Stockton replied, "I believe you Mr.
Dexter, and that is why I come to you as I do,
believing in you."
Finally she" said, "Now I shall rely upon you
to convey my message to Dr. Brown, and say I
wish to help nim and not harm him and not to
drag my name into matters any further, but
let me aloue— that is what I desire above all
things, to be let alone."
In response to a question by Dr. Brown,
Deacon Dexter read the following supple
mental statement:
On Monday morning, January 27, 1 -went to
Dr. Brown's house about !) o'clock and told him
what Mrs. Stockton requested me to say to
him. Dr. Brown replied: "If Mrs. Stockton
should call to see you again you can say to her
from me that I will enter into no agreement
with Mrs. Stockton— l will make her no
promises. This scandalous matter must be
sifted to the bottom. I shall make no attempt
to keep it from the public, and I defy Mrs.
Stockton."
The deacon could not alfirra that Mrs.
Stockton had made anything like a threat
to injure Dr. Brown in case her name was
dragged into the scandal.
At this point the council retired into
secret session for the space of an hour.
Dr. Brown met a young lady in the vesti
buJe and had an animated conversation
with her, during- which he took copious
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 26, 1896.
MRS. DAVIS ON THE WITNESS-STAND.
notes in a small memorandum-book.
Shortly before 5 o'clock the members of
the council re-entered the lecture- room.
No explanation of the mysterious ab
sence was vouchsafed, and when the mod
erator declared the council in open ses
sion once more Dr. Brown asked that Mrs.
Stockton be called. That lady failed to
respond to her name, and then Mrs. May
Davis was requested to take the stand.
Before commencing her testimony on
cross-examination. Mrs. Davis protested
against the unfeeling manner in which one j
of the morning papers had referred to an |
impediment in her speech.
"When I was a voting girl," she said, "I
nursed a family of children through an
attack of diphtheria, and at last caught the
disease myself. I lost my voice as a re
sult of this illness, and have been sensi
tive on the matter ever since. It wounded
mp severely to see that one of the papers
referred to me as having spoken through
my nose. "
At this a titter circulated among a con
tingent of the "baser sort" who tilled a
certain portion of the hall. Pale with in
dignation, the venerable moderator sprang
to his feet and launched a scorching repri
mand at the unfeeling vulgarity displayed
by those who had laughed at the witness'
affliction. He then in courteous tones re
quested Mrs. Davis to disregard the Ha- j
grant exhibition of ill-breeding, as coming i
from persons beneath her notice.
Mrs. Davis then repeated her statement I
of last Friday night, to the effect that Mrs. j
Stockton had told her that she intended I
ruining Dr. Jlrown. Mrs. Stockton swore
eternal vengeance against the pastor and I
against Mrs. French, owing to the Turkish
tea affair. The doctor, according to Mrs.
Stockton, had also aggiieved that lady by
showing himself impervious to her biand- '
ishments. Mrs. Davis was of the opinion j
that Mrs. Stockton was a fallen woman, j
since she had asked who the rich men of
the congregation were.
A long discussion here ensued ns to the
propriety of admitting third-hand testi
mony. The moderator was much against
such evidence being received.
"Why," he remarked, "if you admit
what Mrs. Smith said to Mrs. Jones, and
Mrs. Jones said to Mrs. Robinson, and
Mrs. Robinson said to somebody cisc, you
can easily ruin the best man living."
A majority of the council aereed in this
view and Mrs. Davis was requested to
speak only on matters which had come
under her immediate observation. She
went over a preat portion of her former
testimon}* and said she would never repeat
Mrs. Stockton's ianguage about Mrs.
French. She intimated, however, that the
Mason-street lady, goaded to desperation
by Mrs. French's treatment of her, had
threatened to alienate the affections !
of Mrs. French's husband. Mrs. Davis had
had no quarrel with Mrs. Stockton, but the
little lady's last dress, according to tho
witness, was not paid for. and the Sheriff's I
officer sent to collect the money had not j
been able to effect an entrance into Mrs. i
Stockton's rooms for the purpose of at
taching the piano.
When Mrs. Davis had concluded Dr.
Brown requested that the Stockton matter
be set at rest before any other evidence
might be introduced. This caused some
difference of opinion and the council forth
with retired into secret session.
At the opening of the evening session
Dr. Mooar led in prayer, the petition be
ing for grace to speak and act. in a way
free from malice, fear or prejudice. The
| closing supplication was for light and aid
from on high, so that the deliberations of
the council might result in a complete and
full discovery of the truth.
Mrs. Sarah B; Cooper was the first wit
ness. She identified a packet of letters ad
dressed to herself, which the judge advo
cate showed her as being the communica
tions from Port Angeles in relation to Mrs.
I Stockton's indebtedness in that place.
She detailed Mrs. Stockton's kindergarten
work, citing t-evoral instances of the lady's
devotedness to her labors.
"Do you know, Mrs. Cooper," asked Dr.
Brown, "whether any prominent man in
Port Angeles asked Mrs. Stockton to go to
that town?"
"I do not," was the laconic answer.
Regarding Mrs. Stockton's Port Anceles
kindertra'ten work she said she liad hoped
it would be enduring, but it had. been im
peded by financial adversities. When
asked what she meant by Mrs. Stockton's
being "a little gay," Mrs. Cooper said she
meant nothing seriously bad. Mrs. Stock
ton did not resume teaching after her re
turn from Port Angeles because she did
not wish to do so- The teachers in the
kindergartens under Mrs. Cooper's control
were generally not changed until they
DEACON I) XT R BEF>FE TtlE COUNCIL.
[Sketched by a " Call " artist.]
married. The witness said that it would
be far better for the work if half the
teachers were to be married off, but that
they seemed to take their time in assum
ing the bonds of matrimony, at which a
laugh arose.
She had never heard that Mrs. Stockton
had been co-respondent m a divorce case
in Port Angeles, and had never questioned
her as to that matter. As to Nirs. Stock
ton's line feathers, when interrogated by
Dr. Brown, the plucky widow replied: "I
always considered such tbings none of my
business, Dr. Brown."
Mrs. French was the next witness after
Mrs. Cooper left the stand. She refused
to testify unless her picture should be kept
out iif the newspapers. On being reas
sured on this score, Mrs. French, attired
in a simply yet elegantly made calling
costume, half concealed by a sealskin
wrap, and with her head crowned by a
dainty toque of black point lace, took the
oath and seated her^eif on the witnesses'
chair. At times during her testimony she
glanced nervously toward the audience, as
though mutely requesting aid from some
friend amid the sea of bonnets which con
cealed floor, chairs and everything save
the walls and ceiling of the auditorium.
The well-worn Turkish tea episode was
rehearsed in all its details. Mrs. French
acknowledged having requested Mrs.
Stockton to refrain from attending, and
said Dr. Brown had twice remonstrated
with her on that account. He told her
that by suspecting Mrs. Stockton the wit
ness was doing a grare injury to that
lady's reputation. Mrs. Brown was presr
entatthe lirst of these interviews. The
second took place at the witness' house.
She and the pastor both became much ex
cited and angry words were exchanged.
Dr. Brown insisted that Mrs. Stockton's
name should be returned to its place on
the programme.
"I told him I would not let Mrs. Stock
ton take nart in the tea even if he were to
pile the ifoor of the room with gold pieces
and offer them to me, 1 ' said Mrs. French.
The witness further stated that Mrs.
Stockton, who had come with Dr. Brown,
took little or no part in the conversation,
interjecting only an occasional word, but
she appeared to be very much incensed.
Dr. Brown here remarked that Mrs.
Stockton had duped and cajoled him into
goinj; to Mrs. French's house on the oc
casion mentioned. At a later date he sent
a note of apology to Mrs. French's hus
band asking pardon for his excited be
havior.
Regarding Miss Overman Mrs. French
refused to speak, as she claimed to know
nothing of her. She had beiieved her to
be a young girl and was much surprised
to learn of her being a married woman.
Mrs. Davidson, the witness said, had come
to her house on the Saturday night pre
ceding Christmas day, 1895, in a most dis
tressed and disheveled state.
From her the witness heard for the first
time of the pastor's alleged relations with
Miss Overman. On the following day she
asked Mrs. Davidson to dinner and al
lowed her to remain in the house until the
morning of Christmas day. Mr. French
had expressed the idea that Mrs. David
son's mind was deranged, and the witness
invited her to her house in order to save
her from trouble. The story told by the
old woman kept the witness in a continual
ferment, and on Christmas morning Mrs.
Davidson left, having employed most of
her visit in the preparation of two vol
uminous memorials, one intended for the
Rev. Dr. McLean and the other for the
church trustees.
The witness said she did not again see
Mrs. Davidson until the morning of her
arrest, the circumstances of which she
described in detail. The witness was sur
prised to learn the crime for which Mrs.
Davidson was apprehended and asked her
if the charge were true. After being In
terrogated three times Mrs. Davidson
acknowledged that there was some trouble
about a matter of $.500, but did not enter
into any explanation. Mrs. Davidson had
never said anything about money matters
in connection with Dr. Brown, save to
commend him for his charity to Miss
Overman in aiding her with $35 a month.
The witness refused to say who had in
formed her that Mrs. Stockton was an im
proper person to take part in a church en
tertainment, but said it was not Mrs.
Davidson.
Dr. Brown then took Mrs. French in
hand and subjected her to a searching
cross-examination. In answer to his ques
tions she said she had herself placed Mrs.
Stockton's name on the programme of ex
ercises at the Turkish tea, and had taken
it off when informed that Mrs. Stockton
was a woman of questionable character.
The disagreement with Dr. Brown on the
occasion when he endeavored to induce
her to refrain from expelling Mrs. Stock
ton from the Turkish tea episode had, she
said, so upset her that she was unable to
celebrate her silver wedding, which oc
curred a few days later, and she was still
suffering from the effects of that encoun
ter.
On the following communion Sunday,
Mrs. French said, she abstained from re
ceiving the sacrament, as her mind was so
pained and angry that shs considered her
self unprepared. On coining from church
she met Mrs. Cooper, to whom she men
tioned her difficulties and perplexities.
Mrs. Cooper told her to take heart and not
give way to discouragement, as all would
turn out for the best, and that perhaps the
witness might be able to do noble work in
the cause of truth and right.
After Mrs. French had left the stand a
resolution was adopted to the effect that
in future all evening sessions of the council
adiourn at 9:30 o'clock. The council then
retired into secret session.
Struck by a Car.
Peter Economates, who has a confectionery
store at 113 Powell street, was crossing Powell
street la.st night to board an O'Farrell-street
car when he was struck by a Powell-street car
and thrown to the ground. He was taken to
the Receiving Hospital suffering from an abra
sion of the right leg and the face and a contu
sion of the left leg.
Dockery'g Salary in Danger.
The chances are that the Finance Committee
of the Board of Supervisors, at its meeting on
Friday, will order Auditor Broderick to refuse
to sign the salary warrant of Milk Inspector
Doekery and that a coullict of authority will
be precipitated between the Board of Super
visors and the health authorities.
TEMESCAL IS FAVORED
Commended by a Committee of
the Eegents for the Wil
merding School.
Mayor Sutro's Site Not Found Accept
able — Governor Budd Vigorously
Booms Stockton.
Repents of the State University met at
the Mark " Hopkins Institute yesterday
afternoon and discussed proposed sites for
the Wiltr.erding School. Without reach
ing a decision the subject was deferred
until March 31 next, when the Regents
will hold a special session on this topic.
The Regents attending yesterday were
Budd, Crocker, Black, Marye, Chase,
Reinstein, Phelps, Keliogg, Bartlett, .Mar
tin, Miller, Hallidie and Houghton.
Timothy Guy Phelps was called to the
chair before the Governor came in.
Regents Miller, Bartlett, Hallidie, Marye
and Martin, constituting the committee on
site, presented an elaborate report, setting
forth that offers of land as follows had been
made:
Adolph Sutro, land in San Francisco.
Citizens of San Leandro, land in that place.
C. A. Hooper, land in Redwood City.
Castro-street Land Company, land in San
Francisco.
James D. l'helan, land in San Jose. ■
P. K. Shattuck, land in Berkeley.
Hugh Dimond and A. C. Brandemuhal, land
in Fruitvale.
F. A. Berlin, laud in Oakland.
W. W. Judson, land in Oakland.
Citizens of Lake County, iand in Lakeport.
Katie Duyer. land in Login, Alameda County.
James Duun, land in Oakland.
Thomas Badger, land In Oakland.
Louis N. Hagar, land at Laundry Farm.
Shainwald, Buckbee i Co., land in Alameda.
The committee reported that the sites
offered at Redwood, San Jose and Lake
port bad been considered unfavorable on
account of the distances from Berkeley.
Concerning Mayor Sutro's offer the re
port of the committee contains this para
graph:
"The site offered by Mr. Sutro is thought
to be too far out of town to ever become
a successful competitor to the Lick and
Cogswell schools, which are supposed to
offer the. same advantages to poor boys
to whom time and car fares must be an
object." ■ .-
Mr. Shattuck's offer for land at Berke
ley was understood to be withdrawn, and
therefore the committee had narrowed
down its choice to two sites — one at
Temescal and the other in Oakland.
It was explained to the resents that it
wa3 generally admitted that the $400,000
donated by Mr. Wilmerding should be de
voted to the maintenance of the school,
and not a dollar of the principal should be
expended for land or buildings.
The calculation was made that the land
would be given and that the interest on
$400,000 would provide $2000 a month
toward the building fund.
Judge Wallace did not clearly under
stand the objection offered to the Kutro
site. If the school should go away from
San Francisco he desired to be informed
upon all the facts demanding its location
elsewhere. Should the choice be reduced
to Oakland and Temescal, regents should
be fully advised of the advantages these
presented.
J. West Martin spoke highly of the
Temescal site as the ideal location, under
the eye of the university. The tract of
land, containing seven and a half acres,
was conveniently near two electric-car
lines. AVater was abundant and electric
power within reach.
Ex-Mayor Davis was accorded the privi
lege of presenting the merits of the Oak
land propositions, and he submitted the
case in a style so finished and polished
that even Regents Wallace and Kellogg
must nave commended the composition.
He described four excellent sites, and
assured the board that the Oakland com
mittee had the money at command to pur
chase any one of them. In this order the
sites were enumerated :
First— Land south of Badger Park near an
aria of the estuary.
Second— Three and a half acres at Twenty
first and Adeline streets.
Third— One block, corner of Seventh and Ade
line streets.
Fourth— Seven acres at Temescal.
Mr. Davis directed public thought to
the achievements of the university in the
cause of culture, in the domain of science
and in the field of the humanities, and the
equipment of the institution fot doing
more in the same line, but what he
wanted to make clear was the necessity of
utilitarian work and the advantage of
Oakland for utility. Incidentally Mr.
Davis mentioned the location of the Col
leges of Medicine and Law on the penin
sula and the danger of the university be
coming top-heavy on this side. He
thought the elements of strength should
be gathered about the old home site.
About this time Governor Budd entered
the room, lea%-ing a picture of the Stock
ton Free Library building and a large
bundle of newspaper literature devoted to
booming Stockton $Q a manufacturing
town.
Obviously, he had not heard that part of
the committee's report dropping out Ked
wood and Sun Jose on account of distance
from Berkeley, for he proceeded with de
cided vigor to press the claims of Stockton
for the school. He asserted that Stockton
was the manufacturing centerof California
and the place of all places where a school
of the character contemplated should be
established. Building material of the
most endimng type was readiiy accessible.
The beauty of the marble and its suscepti
bility to the highest polish were shown in
the Corinthian columns of the Stockton
Free Library building. Citizens of Stockton
would be a3 liberal with the, university as
they were with the Valley road. Stockton,
he remarked, had everything desired — even
had the Governor. Sacramento, too, should
be considered, as that city was now gaining
strength as a manufacturing point.
A motion made by Judge Wallace to
postpone consideration of the subject until
March 31 was carried unanimously.
Meanwhile, the newspapers throughout
the State are expected to make the fact
known that the regents will be pleased to
receive additional tenders of land for the
school.
THE BULLET
NOT EXTRACTED.
Little Justin Gunnison's
Physician Postpones the
Operation.
CATHODE RAY RESULTS.
Some New Experiments Being
Made by the University
Professors.
!
WORKING WITH THE SUNLIGHT
College Men Operating Without Elec
tricity—A Photograph Through an
Ebonite Pialeholder.
The professors at Berkeley wbo have
been experimenting with the cathode ray
photography are enthusiastic over their
success in the case of Justin Gunnison,
the San Francisco boy who shot himself
in the hand Jast week.
By means of the second plate taken on
Monday the location of the bullet was
established beyond possibility of doubt;
the location being exactly as indicated less
distinctly in the first photograph.
.Professor S. B. Christy, head of the de
partment of mines at the university, had
the second plate carefully developed yes
terday morning and excellent prints were
obtained from it. The bones of the hand
showed much more clearly tban in the
first photograph, and the show of the
bullet was quite distinct. This is regarded
as the best work yet accomplished on this
coast, if not in the United States, with the
new process, but the professors are confi
dent that still greater success will be ob
tained after desired tests of material and
apparatus are made.
The first plate taken yesterday was un
derexposed, having had only one hour and
a half, but the one used in the night and
which gave the best result was exposed
for two hours and a half. Dr. Greenleaf,
a surgeon in the United States army, saw
the photograph to-day. He stated that he
was certain that the black spot near the
third joint of the small linger was the seat
of the bullet. So certain was he of this
that he said he would feel safe in attempt
ing to cut out the bullet if the case was in
his charge.
No attempt to remove the bullet has yet
been made, however. The boy is under
the care of Dr. John Wagner, and the
latter concluded yesterday to treat the
hand for a day or two so that the inflam
mation and soreness would be lessened
before taking the bullet out. Dr. Wagner
had not seen the photograph yesterday,
but he was confident from his examination
of the Land that the bullet was at the
point indicated in the newspaper draw
ings. He says that the bullet can be re
moved without any difficulty, and he
thinks that there will be no permanent
injury to the hand.
The boy was out at play yesterday, but
with hia arm in a sling, and he is not
troubled beyond a soreness of the hand.
Yesterday he was a sort of a prince
among the boys of his neighborhood, and
to have attained to hia exalted position
some of the urchins would probably have
shot clear through both hands. The story
of the Berkeley experiments was told over
and over, and it is certain that being
eathodographed was a good deal of a circus
to young Justin.
Professor Frederick Slate and Mr.
Drew of the physics department at the
State University are experimenting with
the cathode ray photography at their
laboratory in the hope of doing successful
work by using the sunlight as an agency
instead of electricity.
Yesterday a photograph through an
ebonite plate-holder was taken with good
results.
BLACK AND WHITE MAGIC.
Professor Zanzic Entertains an Audience
With HSs Clever Performances.
Professor Zanzic, recently from New Or
leans, gave an interesting entertainment
before a fair-sized audience last evening in
Golden Gate Hall, on Sutter street. As a
conjuror ana sleight-of-hand performer
the professor is very clever, and many of
NEW TO-DAT. ' " ;';^v T-Y--
il Vari=co=cele,
iv\ /* jffiKgj ThiS Terrible Vital Drain, of Which So Many /7(*
\SSSSI >^(IIHH(' Men Suffer » Can Be Cured - l\<^
\SSSSSI ||U|(i(* lie disease Known as Varicocele has v< /1&
vJlkvOc^ IVMIvCI baffled the medical profession at every
«J3KN^^V|^Y5&. turn. The various attempts to remove it .
VrX^l^a have all proven ineffective, and some of A-y
VTO Vte^\ Vl\\v!^^ them even more injurious than the disease v /-^
k Sa^-! V *<jfJjlUtt itself. The knife, vacuum, compression V£^\\
IK *iiaft# SV/11l and massage nave all been tried, and all i (y*
A W^?-^ ' yU/li failed, and yet Varicocele and its large /y
i Ci - - iy^r/M following of wasting weaknesses can be yS
I j?iw^ %SS4O-—^. cured. Varicocele is a congestion of the *--V'
It/V^s^^^~A stagnant blood in the veins, with consid- i>S,
lII* \zr/ifc ** I erabledistention of the glands. Electricity J|i
# li\ lnTfi% 7 will decompose this congested state and • c"j\
/\\ fil IV sf drive the stagnant blood into the circula- (Yl
I u\\ lu\***/yZ2' tion, relieving the veins of the weakening //V
I wNlf J^^-^O strain, at the same time contracting the (C
I wll .>^^>T'vr^ glands which have grown weak from the •■; ' i
V /Xt^o^^^^ disease, thus curing the whole trouble. .
Dr - Sanden's Electric Belt,
fr/J^^s. (i»3)j^ Recognized by the medical profession as
11// '"/''-^k l . he n' 0 ? 1 scientific method for the aoplica-
' /(111 /^^SsTiF on °^ ie c^ ect " c current to the body, and '
If Ml l/fly^sjjy backed by many thousands of cures of
ti if (I luff(ifc^'^/iw various nervous and chronic cases, is now
IM II (iff lV^jQK* acknowledged the best means of reaching
*J&llUl> the dread, wasting disease.
irSAli > **& "Dr. Sanden ' s Electric Belt cured me of , * V .
icj^Rpot ** . Varicocele and weakness of 26 years' etand-
]\V-AW V ing." says L. L. Jaccard, jeweler, San
" C^-vv^/w^a^^)^^ Many 'late cures are certified to, and
Many late cures are certified to, and
> jW«M?^ !^yj a copies of .these letters are printed in the
/* /ff /] little book "Three Classes of Men," which
'JV&Mfmll (til /&/ can be had . free on application. Sent
V >J^\V MA/J%y sealed by mail.
SANDEN ELECTRIC co.,
S^/^^MW r/wJ 832 Market Street, San Francisco,"
/L "■• *?£sM////S%-^ • Opposite Palace Hotel. Office hours; Ba.it to *
/^«t^^2^T^^ OFFICES AT:
. -JL V/hyS^t^^^-^ XOS ANGELES .CAL. . I PORTLAND, OR ,
QTj /|ll» l \C_^^^L^g2' ao f South Broadway, I 253 Washington street
his feats are equal to those of Professor
Hermann. The first part of the perform
ance was in the order of sleight-of-hand
tricks. The second part was cabinet mani
festations, introducing what he termed
sonmatic indigitation, asoraoteous sejunc
tion, bizarre-cabinet eccentricities and a
complete exposure of bogus mediums.
While in the cabinet, securely tied by a
committee selected from the audience, be
rattled tambourines, rang bells, and finally
emerged with the rope that had bound
him held in his hands and free from knots.
Mrs. Zanzic caused considerable interest
by reading tne contents of slips of paper
upon which people in the audience had
written questions. The lady's part was
performed satisfactorily.
EEAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
E. de Kay Townsend to Caroline S. Toxrnsend ,
lot on E line of Lasruna sireet, 60 S of Valiejo, 8
57:6 by E 100; sift.
S. and Teresa Komonl (nee Poli) to Pierre Bel
lue, lot on \V line of Kurhnna'i street, 87:6 N of
O'Karrell, N 87:6 by W 88:6; $10.
Mary .1. Boiwell to Uarrv V". Bodwell. lot on H
lint* of Page street, 156:3 Wof Pierce, W 25 by S
137:6; $10.
Florence (;. Miller to Henry W. Miller, lot on W
line of Devisadero streeu 60 "X of Bush, N 60 by
W 100; gift.
John O. Welsh to Catherine M. Heffernan, lot on
E line of North Willard street, '201 :3 Rof Mr Allls
ter, N 75, X 1?5:6. 8 76:6, vv 164; also lot on sh
corner of North W'llanl and North Tjler itioldeu
Gate avenue) streets, SSO by X 120: also lot on
S\V corner of Montgomery and Filbert streets, S
50 by W 77:6; also lot on S line of lot 523, Caah
man's Subdivision, 80 E of North Willard street,
E L'Oby N 25; $10.
Joseph ana Augusta Hereof? (by B. P. Oliver,
rommissioner) to Hihernta savings and Loan
Society, lot on H\V line of Dolores and Fifteenth
streets, a 71, W 87. N to point 192 W of beginning,
E 198: $8994.
William M. and Bridget E. Morgan to Joseph
11. and Eliza .1. Stephens, lot on S line of Eigh
teenth sireet, 300 W of Church, W* 25 by S 114;
$10.
J. 11. Pohlker to Minnie Pohlker, lot on NW cor
ner of Howard and Twenty-sixth, streets, N 65 \iy
W 115; gift.
E. and Kate M. Kehrlein to Giuseppe Cadenasso,
all interest In the following: Lot on E line of Bur
nett street, 77:6 N of Jackson, N 36 by E 60:
lot on X line of Oupotit street, 6«:9 N of Clay. -V
68:9 by E 68:9: »'so lot on E line of Stockton,
137:6 N of Washington, N 23:6, E 137:6,83, X
E 62, S 21, \V 61', H iK, W 70, N 23. W 67:6; also
lot on rtE corner Dujiout and Washington, S 40:tf
by E 25:10: *10.
Julius 11. Emden to I>-on E. Raverat, lot on XW
corner of Pine and >St. Marys streetg, N 67:6 by
W 17:8: $3000.
John I), and Eliza S. Tallant to David S. Parker,
lot on BW line of steuart street, 275 SE of Market,
SK 45:10 by SW 137:6; *10.
Burrell h. Jones to William Nicol. undivided
1-I'J of lot on s corner of Howard anil Kussstreets,
SW 25 by SE 85: .110.
A. H. anrt Mary T. Bostlck to A. McDonald, lot
on X line of Khode Island street, 100 S of Nevada,
8 25 by E 100: $750.
George W. and Mary I. Dent to Real Estate and
Development Company lot on W line of Pennsyl
vania avenue, 400 N of Twenty-second street
(Sierra), N 210:8, NW to point 20N:9, S of
Twentieth (Napa),S 407:3, E 100. N 150, K100:
grant
W. V. and Marie L. Huntingtou to Thomas
Brown, lot on SE cornerof lowa and Twenty-second
streets (Sierra), 8 50 by E 75; also lot on W line of
Nineteenth avenue, 175 N of "C street, N 25 by W
120; $10.
John and Hannah Kavaniurh to Charles X.
Kavanach, all Inen-st in following: lot on >W cor
i ncr of Valley and Garden street*, W 120 by S 100,
i being lot 82^ block 9. Garden Valley Land Associa-
I tiomas recorded): also lot '.'l. block 259. Homestead
! t'nion (NW corner of A street and Twenty-fifth
' avenue, N2sby W 101 :0 Vi, » 3s, E 101 :2) ; also
I lot on s line of Fifteenth street, 185 Wof Noe, W
I 25 by 8 115; $10.
Patrick ;ind Hannah Barry to M. Martin, lot on
W line of Laurel avenue, 125 8 of Crescent avenue.
S 50 by W 70, lots i3l aud 136. Holiday Map A;
$10.
Joseph M. and Rosa B. Stranss to James and
Jane Dunne, lot on W line of Merced street. 281:6
S of Grove .Thirtieth), S 36:3, \V 104, N 20, > E
48:6, E 75, block 23, Fairmount; 810.
ALAMKBA COUNTY.
Henrietta B. and A. A. Bouterious to Henrietta
A. Heath, lot 10, being a subdivision of lot 8, Dun
nigan Tract. Oakland Township; gift.
James Healing to Kate Watts, lots 9 to 13, block
F, Amended Map J. W. Crawford Tract, Oakland
Township; $20.
Charles Laulnger to Charles J. and Mary K.
Donahue, lot on N line Folger avenue, 183:1 W of
San Pablo, N 325 by W 90, being lot 70, property
I of Villa Homestead Associatiou, Bercelt-jr; gift.
R. and Mary A. Uoyd (by commissioner) to
j Thomas F. Graber and Edith Sprague (executors
i of the estate of Caroline P. Sprague), lot on s line
j Dwlght way, 40 E of Dwinelle .itreet, E 40 by S
I 127, being lot 2, block 1. Case Tract, Berkeley;
$1124.
Edward E. (and as attorney) and Susan A. Potter
(by attorney) to Milton J. Green, lot on XE line of
Bella Vista avenue, 52.57 from X corner of
Bella Vista and Eleventh avenues, NE 135, NW
45.97, SW 135.16, SE 52.57 io beginning, block I),
Bella Vista Park, subject to a mortgage to Cali
fornia Building Loan Association for $2800, East
Oakland: $10.
H. G. and Elizabeth Fiske to Catherine Horii
! berg, lot on NE corner of Villa avenue ami
Eleventh strset, N 79 by E 100, being lots 8 and 9,
■ block 2. re%Msed map of San Pablo avenue Villa
I Tract, Oakland Township: $10.
Gesine Mlddlestorb to Daniel Middlestorb. lot on
S line of A Icatraz avenue, 220 E of Shattuck avenue.
E 40 by SU 136.25, SW 40 by NW 136:15 to be
ginning, being lot 5, Littleneld 'lract, Berke
ley; $10.
Mary J. Moss et al. ;o Catherine Carpenter, lot
15, block P, Amended Map Moss Tract, Brooklyn
Township: $10.
A. de Santos to K. B. Tappan, lot on W line of
Bay street, 206:8 of Santa Clara avenue, S 33:4 by
W 150, Alameda; $500.
David and Ann O'Brien to Loureneodc ?ouza, lot
on NW line of Third street, 75 E of Lewis. E 25 by
i X 100, block G, Bay View Homestead, Oakland;
I $10.
Lydia S. Barbour et al. to J. E. Prewett, lot on
! E line of First avenue, 187:6 N of Summer, N 37:6
I py E 100, portion of Locksley Square Tract, sub
j ject to a mortgage. Oakland Township; $1.
Rudolph and Emil Mohr (trustees for Mary
Good by) to Theodore Meetz, lot on B line o"f
I Seventh street, 50 S of Buena Vista avenue, S
| 125 by E 101. being lots 6 to 10. block G Shep
i hardson property. Alameda; also lot on S line of
! Railroad avenue, 350 E of Chestnut street, E 50 by
S 217:6, being lot 11, block 6, lands adja
cent to Encinal, Alameda; also lot on N line of
i Sixth street, 62:6 E of Washington, E 12:6 by N
100, block 66. Oakland; also lots 9 to 14. block"34,
Fltchburg Homestead lots, Brooklyn Township;
Estate of Jacob E. Strain (by administratrix) to
Fred and August Buchhorn, 160 acres, being the
SW quarter section 33. township 1 south, range 2
west, Eden Township: $300.1.
Martha A. strain to same, same, Eden Town
ship, quitclaim deed; $10.
Luanda A. Crum to Joseph Fletcher, lot 8, block
I 18, lown of Livermore, Murray Township; $2-60.
A. J. and Delia McLeod to same, fractional lot
I 9, block 18, McLeod Tract, Livermore, Murray
| Township; $10.
Builder's Contract.
>;ilen r'olger with San ' Francisco Rridce Com
pany, piling at X line of Davis street, 91 :8 Nof
California; $7206.SUITED THE BETTING RING
A Blunder of the Track Officials
Deprived Little Cripple of a
Race.
RED EOOT PLAYED IN LUCK.
Bellicoso Set a New Coast Record for
Seven Furlongs— Tim Murphy
Won in a Drive.
A blunder on the part of the track man
agement at the Bay District yesterday cost
the race-going public many hundreds of
dollars. The second event on the card was
mile and a sixteenth, selling affair, to be
run over the tortuous inside course, for
which Little Cripple was a pronounced first
choice, backed down from 8 to 5 to 6 to 5.
Opposed to him were a most ordinary lot,
the most likely of the starters being Unity,
Billy McCloskey and Red Root. After' a
deal of bumping and jostling at the first
turn Chevalier on the favorite gradually
worked his. mount to the front and on
a hard drive with the 15 to 1 outsider,
Buchess of Milpitas, won by a head. The
otficial timer hung out 1:48%. The course
being up and down hill precluded any
such lime being made, and upon investi
gation it was. discovered the distance
covered was fifty-five yards short. There
upon the judges ordered the race run over
at the conclusion of the last event on. the
end, allowing all bets to stand. The ring
laid 4 to 5 against Little Cripple winning
the run-off; and he failed to finish' among
the. first three. Prominent in the running
to the stretch he died away to nothing.
And as a lining finale to. a comedy of
errors, it is" dollars to crabapples the
judges made an error in. placing the first
horse. Duchess of Milpitas to ail appear
ance won by a good half length, but Red
Root, who was well backed to win the run- I
off on his good showing m the previous
run, was given the race. The whole affair
caused much adverse comment, and as the
mistake was wholly on the part of the track
officials a decision declaring all bets off
would have been a much fairer one for the
public.
Originally a very good racing card, it was
badly chopped to supply a deficiency
caused by the filth event being declared
off, and the sport was not above medioc
rity. Thousands of dollars were tied up in
tne hands of the pencilers by the decision
of the judges in the Little Cripple race,
end the betting during the balance of the
; afternoon was dull ana listless. Favorites
captured three races..
A six -furlong run ushered in the day's
racing, and was taken by the 2 to 1 favor
ite, Tim Murphy, in a drive from Boreas.
Ollie Johnson's chestnut horse Red Will
was backed down from 6to 5 to 4 to 5 and
won the third race, also a six-furlong spin,
hands down. 11. Martin, who rode Road
runner, grew careless nearing the wire
and was nipped out for the place by Gold
Bug/
But three started in the seven-furlong
handicap. Key del Bandidos was made a
7 to 10 favorite, but found the pace too hot
for him. Bellicoso led the entire way,
winning in a drive from Sam Leake, and
hung up a new coast record for the dis
tance — 1:26. - "■- --H v
The fifth race, run over the short six
furlong course, resulted in a very handy
win for the 3 to 5 favorite. Major Cook,
•with Babe Murphy finishing in the place.
Levena C was third.
~.xteen cheap platers of the "dog"
variety went to the post in the last race,
with Pecksniff an 8 to 5 choice in the ring.
In a drive he was downed rather handily
by the 5 to 1 outsider. Repeater.
Track and Paddook Notes.
1.1 Rayo, a well-backed starter in the
race, broke down once more. The
"THE CALL" RACING CHART.
Twenty-ninth Day of the California Jockey Club. Weather Fine. Track Fast. Bay Dis
-1 trict'Track, San Francisco. Tuesday. February 25, 1896.
- IT J-IKST JJACE- Six furlongs; selling; four-year-olds and upward ; allowances; purse $300.
Index.; Horse, age, weight. St.
(7O0)|Tlp) MiTphy,a...l3l
bU9 Boreas. 4 105 l
716 ('lacquer, 6 ..114
(731) >onuna. 5 109
7UO T'Dcertalntv, a 114:
640 icnarmion, 6 108
606 Miss Norma, 4. ..10'J
7-J6 |Toano, a 11l
. 1 ::::::::
I ::::::::
■A
6
left .'.'.'.'.'.'..
A
3 2-'
5^
ft
64
7
3,i I Btr. I Fin. I Jockeys.
3 1 2 2 IVb K. Jones
12 12 2 3 Chevalier
55 4J/2 Sh H. Griffin
4h 53 4 1 Pitrgotl
2 h 3 1 5 3 |s|iields
66 64 64 Shaw
7 7 7 R. Narvaez
j C.Sloan
Betting.
'Op. Cl.
3-2 11-5
2 13-5
4 4
5 9-2
! 20 BO
1 15 25
30 75
i 5 5
!
Gooa start. Won driving. Winner, White* Clarke's m. g.; bj- Imp. KjTie Daly-Maggie R. Start-
ing-gate used. Time, i:l4.
IASZ KACE— One and a sixteenth miles; inside course; selling; three-year-olds and ui>-
ITIO. penalties; allowances; purse *400. '
Index.' Horse, age, weight. I St. I aid. I/4 Va 8 /i j str. Fin. j Jockeys.
759 Little Cripple, 5.. 136 '_' 4 h 3V 2 2h lh 12 llh i Chevalier.... ~
722 Duch.ofMilpitaB.4-.91 7 73 71 7% 3h 32 2 3 I Hewitt .'.'..'
720 Unity, 3.; 96 1 21 51 5h lili 42- 3 V iCochran
745 Kedßoot.a 106 8 8 8 » <6y 7 : 46 H.Martin "
735 BJllvMcCloskey,3.J*9 6 63 SI ■ ,61/2 7 2 6Va |5h Garner
743 Modesto, 5 110 3 11 11 14.2 2 , 2h 6h Pig«:ott '.'..
(722)iillss Rutb, 4 99 5 |5h 12 1/2 3h 5h 6h 720 E.Jones
734 iB. of Stonewall, 4. .99 4 3h 4h '4h 6 8 8 Mclntyre
Jockeys.
Bettinc;.
Op. Cl.
1 6-5 .
1 10
7-2 •
4
4
50
! 15
50
6-5
15
3
8
9-2
100
12
250
'iood start. Won rtflvinf?. Winner, J. Weber's br. g., by imp. Pirate of Penzance-Lady Stanhoae
At post 11 minutes. Time. 1:4884. * '
Notk— Owing to distance being short this rare was declared no race, and was run again, with B«lle
of excused, twenty minutes after last race, wkh following result:
7 f Q SKCOND RACE— Oneand a sixteenth miles: inside course; selling; three-year-olds anduD-
i -iO. pt-nalties: allowances; purse 9400. p>
Index. : Horse. St. 6td. |%I l A %
Red Root.. 4 6 3/2 51 3 52 , 3 h
Duchess of Milpitaa.. 7 7 7 63 53'
Billy McCloskey 6Ah 42 8^ 4h
Unity 3 4h 6V» 7 7
Miss Ruth 11l 1 V 1% 2 1
Little Cripple 2 51 21 2)i lh
.... Modesto. 5 |2h 3h 4 i' 2 6 h
Index.
Horse.
12*
19
6 1
6
3%
1 lIS
2 2
3 2 .
41 '
5h
66
7
Jockeys. !op eU ' n c!
i 6 8
8 7
12 15
8 6
i 15 20
1-2 1-2
60 50
8t art.
749.
THIBD RACK— Six furlongs; selling:
1 ndex.
Horse, age, welßht.
St. . V*. % I' /i Str. | F. !
j• 3' ......i 12 i I*2 IS rir~
■2 2h 2h 2 V* a h
l| 42 4 2 42 36
4 ...... 3 2 3 1 3 1 4 3
5 ! ...... 65 61 64 53.
6 6 16 6 20 620 6 40
I 7| 7 7 7. ; 7
721 Red Will, 4 97
1705) Gold Bug, » 11l
745 Road Eunner, 6. ..98
!45 Hiram Argo, 6... .111
%'l liiraaa Argo, 6... .111
•Jti (olemaii, 4., 108
068 | Irish Chief.a 105
684 Capt. Spencer, 6 .111
Earner
■K. Jones
K. Martin
J. Cborn
C6ady
jit. ZN*arvaez
!C. Russell |
; Op. ' Cl.
6-5 1
6-2 4
4' . 16-5
8 - 12
10 ••-.. 12
100 500
•200 500
'ua
1:1*%-
-"" (\ FOURTH RACE- Seven furlongs: handicap; purse 9500.
Index. Horse, age, weight. St. ■ 3 A ■ % . A -Str. ]
(738) BelllcosO, 4.......120 2 13 . 13 1413 :
(711) Sam Leake. 3 97 3 23 24 2 2 2 2 :
(723) K.delßaPdidos,a.lol 13 i I 3^ '.
Good start. Won driving. Winner, Pueblo stable's. Time, 1:26.
St.:
V 4
Str.
Jockeys.
2
I
3
1
1 13
I 2 3
I 3
13
24
3
1 4
2 2
I
1 A
22
A
1 1
2 h
3
an.
U1y. .......
7-5 7-5
15 15
7-10 7-10
-- i FIFTH KACE— About Six furlongs; selling: three-year-oids and up; purse $400.
Index.'
Horse, age, weight. I St. I V*
Major Cook, 4... 100| 3
Babe Murphy. 4.. 98 1
LevenaC. 6 1X)1 4
F.rnsllartman,3. 88 2 |
Frn.
Jockeys.
I Betting.
|Op. Cl.
(726)
703
676
726
1 2
2h
4
3h
1 2
2h
4
3h
1 2
3Va
1 1
9 A
B h
4
T. Sloan
Cochran
'■arner
C. Slaughter. ..
3-6
2
3
10
1-2
2b
Good start. Won handily. Winner, Livingston stable's b. c-, by. Bulwark-Bister to Violet. Time,
1:113^.. ' ' ■-■ •-■ ■ .; ■ " •" - ■ '
rT-O BIXTH RACE- Six furlongs; selling;
; allowances; purse $300.
Index.
Horse, age, weight.
I St.]
I
Jockeys.
Betting.
)p. Cl.
705
716 I
735
735 ;
728
721
639 :
746
645 '
735 '
746
702
Repeater, 4.....'.. '
Pecksniff, 5 ".. 1
Seaside. 5... I 1
,I'oUskl, 6 I
Kapido. 4.... li
Gondola, 6 1
Landlord, 6 V
Harry Lewis, 6... :
, Monterey, 4 !
6..:...:...V
Ip. Autonomy, 5.1*
Kitty L. 4 I
Manford. 5...:....1
Tyler, 4..; ..V
El Kayo, a .1
The Judge, 5 1
2
4
6
15 j
10
1
11
18
12
. 6
14
9
8
16
X 7
7-
-3
;• •'
I l *
A*-
-10
92
2 2
1 7 2 ?
IS 14
12i>a
6 8
Hh
14 1
15 2
16
7h
31
11
2 1
•51
33
11 Va
13 4
IP
\m
14 l/ 3
121
If
h
3
4 :
3
1
•> -
I*
t
4 2
5 1
?i*
IP.
0 10
1 1
2 8 .
■< 3 -
4 10
s ■• -:
Hewitt.....
M. Bergen......
I K. Jones...
C01e........
501der.:.........
Giorn ........
l-'rawley :... . ;~.
Ray.; :......
Mclntyre........
R. Narvaez
Pigg0tt..........
H. Martin
A. Smfflett. . . .'.
Fitzgerald .....\
Shaw ;....;...;.
J. Chora .......
16 5
6-5 9
« 6
6 8
15 60
30 100
15 40
30 100
10 .30
100
40 100
40 40
25 100
•JU 300
15 3
3 8
Vei j
716
*4%'
'63'"
*3 4
...,....|
starting-gate used. Won driving. Winner, J. Brennock's b. g., by Kapture-
-1:15V4. ""Disqualifled. *Pulled up.
Time,
chestnut horse was relegated to the stud
once, and should have been allowed to
stay there.
A ™ ew days a K° Tod Sloan had the mount
on Peter the Second in a mile dash, and
when the barrier was raised failed to get
away, and was left at the post. Yesterday
his brother, Cash, tried his hand at the
bat astride old Toano, and was also lefi.
In baseball it is three strikes and out.
Belle of Stonewall, a long priced outsider
in the Little Cripple gavotte, was alicrhtly
cut down the first time around the elliptic
and was excused from starting in the run
off. At Ingleside Belle Boyd received an
injury at the post and although the mare
was by no means a favorite, when excused
by the judges, all bets were declared off.
Away back in the days of '49 and '50 the
pioneers tell us that flour once sold up in
the mines for $100 a pound. Two pounds
of lead cost Jerry Chorn nearly as much
yesterday. After finishing third on The
Judge he stepped on the scales and found
himself two pounds short of weight. The
horse was disqualified and the judges lined
Jerry an even hundred.
The betting on tbe run-off of the Little
Cripple run wag peculiar to say the least.
A majority of the pencilers gradually
raised tbe odds until Ito 5 was offered
j against the gelding. The next shortest
! priced horses were Red Root and Duchess
of Milpitas, both 8 to 1 shots.
KAIER WAS DESPONDENT
Cut His Throat With a Pocket-
Knife in a Lodging-
House.
Was Apparently Not in Pecuniary Dif
ficulties—Relatives in This
State.
Fred Kaier, a cattleman of Harlan,
lowa, who came to this City in August
last f'om Centralia, Wash., committed
suicide at the Yosernite House, 1045 Mar
ket street, on Monday night by cutting his
throat with a pocket-knife.
Kaier was despondent from ill health,
and while he was in a jolly mood a few
hours previous to his death he had evi
dently meditated on the deed, for clip
pings from various papers containing
poems on death were found among bis
effects.
When he failed to appear yesterday
morning at the office of the house the
clerk broke in the door and found Kaier
cold in death. The Coroner was at onco
notified and Deputy Maginnis went to the
hotel, where he found Kaier in bed with
the blankets pulled up about his neck.
When uncovered it was found that the
throat was cat from ear to ear, a knife — a
cheap affair— being still held in his right
hand.
Pecuniary difficulties evidently had
nothing to do with his determination to
die. for the following letter was found in a
pocket of his coat:
First National Bank, )
Lake Charles, La.. Feb. 19, 1896.}
Fred Kaier Esq., I'osemite House, 10!£ Market
I street, San Francisco— Dear Sir: We have yours
i of the 13th inst. The amount of funds to your
j credit is $59 4.4. • Culvert has asked us several
; times for your address, hut he has not paid
; anything on his note. We are sending both
! Calvert and Menoher your address, also telling
j them that you want money.
A. L. Williams, cashier.
A letter from a nephew, who is employed
i on a ranch near Lindsey, Tulare County,
| and one from a niece at Harlan, lowa, told
I of family matters, but gave no hint of
i troubles that would lead Kaier to take his
I own life. He had been a roomer at the
! Yosemite House since December 26 Jast,
! and previous to that lived in a lodging
i house at Fifth and Mission streets.
The Law on Citizenahip,
Nicholas si. Lundin, a native o. Sweden, was
yesterday admitted to citizenship by Judge
Morrow under the law which provides that an
alien who has served five years in the navy or
marine service can become a citizen ■without
having previously made a declaration of inten
tion.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 26, 1896.
A FRIEND OF PADEREWSKI
The Polish Pianist Falls on the
Neck of a Belgian
Violinist.
HOW MAESICK STARTED WEST.
The Great Artist Gives His Reasons
for Preferring the Violin
to the Voice.
It is said that geniuses are very solitary
Martin P. Marsick, the Belgian Violinist, Who Will Play With Padcrcwski.
[From a j.hotograpli.]
individuals, because they may wander
about the world for weeks without meet
ing with another creature of the same
species.
Paderewski had not run across another
long-haired musician of his own variety
since he came West untii Monday; then
Martin P. Mar6ick stepped off the train
and Paderewski almost fell on his neck
and wept for joy. The two have been
friends for years. As soon as Marsick,
who was finishing an Eastern tour, heard
that Paderewski was in San Francisco he
stepped on board the next train San Fran
cisco bound, without a manager, an ac
companist or any of the other satellites
that usually follow in the wake of musical
stars.
It took him longer than he expected to
get out here, but be was cheered by the
Knowledge that he land wired his beloved
Paderewski of his advent, and he did not
believe that the Polish pianist would
depart, learine liira to face the far West
alone and friendless. Marsick was not
mistaken in his estimate of his friend, for
when Paderewski heard that the volatile
Belgian violinist was coming a four days'
journey out of his way to pay him a visit,
he not only ordered his private car to be
sidetracked for another week, but also
promised to appear at Marsick 's first con
cert in order to stand sponsor for him
with the San Francisco public.
Yesterday MarsicK was happier than he
"THE CALL" RACING GUIDE.
To-day* Entries at Bay District Track.
In tscps where the torses have do record at ihe distance to be run the records at the next nearest
(Ilstarre are Riven.
A threviations— F., fast; Fa., fnir: H., heavy; m., mile; f.. furlong; *. about.
FIRST RACE— Five and a half furlongs; maidens.
li^St
record.
Pedigree.
Index.
Name.
Lbs
Lbs
Owner.
728
744
62*
674 !
505 |
••'
733
471
728
George C
[Btr to Lottery, f
iMiss Lucy
iJim Budd
I Bert
■ Rocket
Acnes B, mare.
' KoSHlle
Brittantine
j Landlord
I A Change
I Al Broeck
■ I mji. Alien . ...
I 87; no reel
■ 91 no rec:
1 84 no recJ
i Bti ! no rec .
101 no rec.
;108 no rrc.
1«6 no rtc.
106 no roc.
j 84 no rec.
111! no rec.
104 no rec.
97 no rec.
98 no rec.
1
1
!
...:
.
....
....I
....
....
!—
.....
!
..:.
J. Garrtry 'Bramblo-Lndy Lo u
JJ- Ken lv. TraOeWifui-.srtoLottry
H. Floyd p.ed lron-Mo!lie Watkins
Creelman & Curtis. ' Prince Nor'oM-Pcralte
;j. L. Crooks Asterllx-Ilannali E
; K. Kaufman ■ Cyclone-Xecress
C. Earl ■ WUrtidle-Asnes B
J. Grare [ Imp. Maririfr-Rosy
J. Walsh 1 Imp. Manuer-Cimelar
.1. I.'obbins iLongfollow-imp. Maneanita
H. T. Morris. INlghtime-by Lodi
<'. KuriinKame 'Alta-Thetis
|J. McCullough ;KsterUne-Ae Meh
........
....
....
i
....
■?'OS
744
....
1...
1....!
!. ...I
f a mile: t>
that have
729 Greyhurst |
710 iLordChestrHeldi
652 ] Koseile i
729 ! Lcly Laurel wood
732 jU.J. Tobin
742 .TessleßartDavia
732 iDlahliia. !
742 |Jeriklerio |
742 iVevo
742 iflaudiaT
715 IPhilip H j
742 St. DunsMn |
742* Lindenda.e 1
729 LadyHtirst
715 Scarborou h. ...
i Bes' I
Lbs record, j
! 108: no rec'
;H'.B no rec
103 no rec.
100 no rec.
.103 no rec.
100 no rec.
105 no rec.
: 100 no rec.
: 105 no rec.
i 1 00 no reo.
, 103 no rt-c.
1 108 1 no rec:
1 105ijio rec.:
100 no r*c.
108 no rec.
j Dist. i
I
I !
'
........
:
...... ..!
j
1
..:.
....
....
1 ' " "
— •
I
....
Tk.
....
....
1...
....
....
Xl Primero stable..
Burns A Watrhoiise
Burns & Watrliouse
Latirelwood st-k fm 1
D. J.T0b1n.... .■ ;
D. J. Tobin ]
Nevada stable.. ...: '■
W. Karp... .........
I.one stable
T. Fox j
(Vlell stable
; W.O'BMacdonough!
.1. Robblns ....; '
i Win. Kapler.... !
j Atkins i Lottrid;p. |
Owner.
Ip. Mar;enhurstJ{. Soratcn
Imp. Clw>sterflel(l-Talluda
Imp. Gyros-Rosebud
Duke of N'oHolk-»ilson
Imp. Cyrus-imp. Getaway
KHcine-Bessie HiioScer
Joe Hooker-U.xiliii
Hathbone-Mis.s Melbourne
( ihreeChrers-.Miss Pickwick
Fi am l>f au- Precious
jimp. Loyalisi-.Marguerite
St. f'arlo-Marilee
'Lepam-Quien Lyon
Imp. Murienhurst-Checrful
■ El Klo Hey-Tonaetta
i j
—
.;,.....
....
...
....
....
!
....
....
i
.-
! I
....
••
I !
::::
....
I I
....
THIRD RACE— One mile: Belling:
slakes: $1200 to the winner.
Index.
I Be:t 1
record. i
• •■
Lbs Tk. !
Owner.
Pedißree.
Lbs
: Dist.
.
(743) Wheel of Fortne 10lil:4OU ] m
(686) Red Glenn ; 105 i 1:42 V-> 1 m
738 '. Rosebud \ 98'l:41Va 1 m
721 iAglUto 1106 1:41 V 2 1 m
(746)M011ie X 68 1:081/2 Si/ Z 1
70« Cabrlllo 103 l:Joi£ lm 60y
628 jVallente 104 1:051,4 5f
&3^ 'Circe 114:1:401/2.1 m
618 ICnaries Boon.. 101:1:01% 6 f
752 El Kayo 121 l:08»/i 6y 9 f
622 Gussle |119,l:18V?'5V&f
86 F... J. Harvey... Gano-Jemile B
105 F... Cambridge stable ... Glen Elm-Red Girl
105 ]•'... Burns & Wnterhouse Tyrant- lioserrarv . ' - ' -.'
110;K... Pueblo stable Imp. Cyrus- Frolic
l al I"' J-^obblna... Imp. Marlner-Camenac
98 >... H. Van 8runt........ St Savlor-!m J.I? Hampton
113 H.. -X. S. Ha 11..;......... Jim.Brown-Vlola . P
87iF... Lone 5'.ab1e........... Imp. Friar Tuck-Jessie C
-Rf £-• &V* ; iil > lor i Alto «--on tellaHou
jOI J-... C. J. Qiiiiin ....;. Grinaiead-tSunlit
118 II.: Williams it Hyder All-Attraction
FOURTH RACE-Short course;
stfeplechnse.
737
737
737
630
718
737
737
679
I Best
Name. • . Lbs record. Dist.
Mestor ■ 129 1 3:21 '*1 m ;
Gold Du5t....... 185 3:2034 *iy 2 m
J00...... ! 136, 3:34 *lVam
April 118418:22 *iy 2 m
Tempiemore 133 2:22 11/401
Cicero..... .. ! 145 '8:551,4 m
Argenta......... < 14.M 2:2OV* 1 ■ U/tra
(.nadaloupe..... ] 125 '■ 3:221/4 *li., m
Lbs'Tk.
128 ! F...!
aw Lp M .
122 F...
ISS F... :
140 f...;
147 11..
140 V ..
142 F...
'F. Farrnr
'J. Fields ■. ;
iO. Motherall |
W. t5. Dodd
jJ. Hre-nock i
S. C. Hiidreth
h. Ezell j
I I'll ■..Minion stable j
Owner.
Falsetto- WoodlarS
Oro-Oold Cup
Apache-Irene
McCreary-RoKft
Tom U< hiltree-Sadle R
I-OiiKfcl ow- Belle Knight
iKnqulrer-Arilla
jGrinstead-Josie C
FIFTH KACE— About six furlonts; sellinir.
Index.
I Best
I Lbs record.
Dist.
LnsiTk.!
Owner.
I.
287 i
(719) ;
726 :
747
(701)
721
751
735
627
731
<08
i Roa<l Warmer..
K<l Kearney
.Mainstay
1 Miss Norms
(jeorge Mi.ler...
j.asel
Leven-i C
Morven
La Mascot*. ....
Arnette.
Gratify
104 1:01 i/ 5 f
104 1:28% 7f
97i1i13 1/4:61
92 1:15 1/4 6 f
107 1:1311 6f
76 :50 % m
91 I:ls y a 6i- •
93 1:161/4 6 * .
78 1:01 . |5f
.96 1:20 6i/fef
'92 1:16 V ii ; '
108:F...'8. Edsell 1
118 F... O. E. Hmllh
112 X... G. Motherall |
95 F... MoKelumne stk fru.
116 F...1W. L. stantield I
108 F...i\Voodlawn stable...!
105 Fa. D. A. Honig 1
104. 11.. I White * Clarke.... 1
102 F...J. G. Follanabee...
98 F.. . ; Garden City 3table. !
112 F.. I Wesichesier stable. |
! Frank Khoudes-Helle
I'l'om Ochiltree-Medusa
I Imp. Mariner-Q'eon Krama
;Ben dOr-Miss Muggins
Loftin-Kmma bS "*
!Bcu All-Ezza
! Ansel-Miss Goodrich
.Imp. Choviot-i-urUne
;liiid. San .Simoon- Maria F
Imp. Midlothian- Fiiena
SIXTH RACE— Five and a half furlongs; maidens.
Index.
i 744
693
*766
745
744
,744-
-"'579'
658
' 8 3
"1367"
• 738
[San Marco
iMirambo v.
Gulll, a fi11y....
Red Chief
Piexotto
imp. Agripina..
Mies Jole
Red Pike
! Verdette
I Best
Lbs record.
101 no rec.
101 1 no rec
91 , no rec.
101 ' no rec.
9b no rec.
96 no rec.
102 no rec.
93 no rec.-
-112: no rec.
101; no rec.
91 no rec.
109 : no rec.
109: no rec.
Dist. 1
I
Tk.
•. • *
:-:::
P. Dunne j.st. Blaise-Round Dance
i Amorose Miller....; El Rio Ke\ -Question
J. C. Humphrey. ... I St. Carlo-Guilla
X. Lundy *.... Red Iron-Maurgie D
i R. \V. Kotx-ris I Imp. Brutus by Kelpie
W. OR. Macdon'gh., Enterprise-China Uose
;M. Gomez jCyclone-Joste Daniels
B. Scnretber jGeo. Kinney-En.reaty
jVicl Stable Vicl-Lucy Lorn,'
B. 0. Holly M.omana-Fussilade'3 Last
P. Mitchell Flood- Playful
C. A. Steven*. ! Hidalgo- Veracity
M. Schwartz |Joe Hooker- False Qaeen
Owner.
Pedigree.
I
1
....]
:....[
H
""I
Montallade
Zoralda
!::: :
5nirdy..........
1 Fond Hope.;..-.
1....
has been since he obtained leave of ab
sence from his class at the Paris Conserva
tory to make the winter tour of America.
He did not lika the East; the coid troubled
him, his manager made him miserable by
rowing with him, he did not know the
language and was a stranger to the cus
toms of the people; but when he came
West he escaped from his manager, and as
he crossed the continent without even an
accompanist to worry him, he resolved to
be happy in hie own way, and Paderewski's
way, "without letting any crumpled rose
leaves in the way of American customs or
language worry him.
"It seeras to me that I have escaped
from a cavern into the lifrht and air," said
the fiery little man, running his long sup
ple fingersthrough a head of hair that even
Paderewski might envy. "I had made
my program mes for San Francisco on the
way here, good classical programmes, with
plenty of solid fare to them. But, Dieu!
When I saw the place, I said: 'This will
never do; we must have something ani
mato, something bright and gay, to suit
tne air and the sunshine.' And now I have
changed all the programmes. Yes! com-
pletely. The music is now all fire and
verve."
"Where did you tirst begin to study
music?" was asked.
"Why in liege," he answered quickiy,
as though surprised that any one should
not be aware of the well-known fact. "As
a boy I s>aiig in tiie cathedrSj, people used
to come from far and near to hear the little
piper, for I was very small — so high," and
the violinist, indicated an altitude about a
foot and a half from the floor. "After
ward I studied the violin. It is better than
singing, for the human voice is limited In
its resources and the violin is almost lim
itless. On occasion I sintr still, not in con
cert, oh, no, that would not pay, but in
private soirees in Paris."
When asked whether he considered the
Paris Conservatory the best school of sing
ing in the world Marsick replied, shrugging
his shoulders expressively," "It is the
least bad, but singing is becoming a lost
art. Is there anywhere in the world now
where they teach the vielie ecole (old
school)? No, there is no art such as there
used to be in the days of Bellini and
Rossini. In their operas artists used to
sintr, but now it is no longer singing; you
may call it what you will, crying or scream
ing, but not sinping.
"If the singer disappears from the worid,
it is the fault of Wagner's music. I' ad
mire what he wrote, it is beautiful, magni
ficent for iristr:i!ue,nts, but Wagner did not
know how to write for the voice. Ask a
Wagnerian diva to sing you a little air by
Mozart, and yon will see. She cannot in
terpret it. Her voice is not capable of
producing the sounds — her sentiment, ex
pression, phrasing, all are wrong for Mo
zart. Waguerianism i« like a mighty tor
rent, it has submerged all the old masters,
and th it i 3 not right by saying give Wag
ner his due, but do not eclipse the old
Italian school entirely."
"When questioned respecting the future,
Marsick said that the mantle of prophecy
had not fallen on his shoulders, along with
the gift for music. "But it is my opinion
that singing, as an art will revive," he
said. "The torrent of Wagner will take its
natural proportions again, and composers
will write operas for the voice. In France
there is a new school, sprung from Wag
ner, but with originality of its own, and in
that school I see hope for the future. Vin
cent Indy is its be«t composer, and Cesar
Frank was its originator. I pee nothing in
the composers 01 o.her nations which give 3
me hope for the future of opera."
Marsick says that the best violin pupils
who come to him are Russians, Poles and
Belgians. "Many violinists come from
Liege," he remarked modestly ; "there are
Monsieur Ysaye and Mnsin. Cjesar Thom
son and myself. Did I study with Wieni
awski? No; but I knew him well. When
I was a student he heard me play. He
was to perform his eight etudes night
at a soiree for the first time, ami he said,
'this young man shall play the second
violin in the etudes.' You know they are
written for two violins, and that night at
the soiree I played the second part" from
the manuscript, reading it at sight, for
Wieniawski had only just finished com
posing the etudes. They have become
famous now, and I am very proud to think
that at the end of the soiree he embraced
me for the performunce.
"But if I told all my experiences I could
talk from now till to-morrow morning, and
still not have told the half of what has
happened in my artistic career. It was in
Paris that I won the prize at the Conserva
tory the first time I tried, Pouff; they
gave it to me without hesitating, and my
headquarters have been in Paris ever since,
though I have^toured all over Europe."
Monsieur Marsick is the very opposite of
his dreamy idealistic friend, Paderewski.
He is so volatile that he might be wound
up with perpetual motion. When he plays
it is with his whole body. He talks like a
Neapolitan, with gestures almost as many
as the motions of big tongue, and he
prances about his room with almost in
fantile friskiness. Marsick is never far
from his beloved violin, for of course, like
all great players, he has a riddle which he
values more than anything else on earth,
except his musical reputation. So much
does he love this dear viol that he never
considers his picture complete unless it is
photographed with him. Even the sug
gestion tnat it makes him look like the
frontispiece of a manual on "How to Hold
the Violin has not proved efficacious in
persuading him to pose without it.
The Belgian violinist has already taken
unto himself an accompanist of local fame,
and he and Paderewski are reveling in
duos in which Wieniawski and kuben
stein used to shine. Their concert on Sun
day will be a remarkable event, as Pade
rewski has scarcely ever appeared in con
junction with another star since universal
lame became hip.
NEW INSITUTE TRUSTEES
Members' Committee Victorious
at the Institute Elec
tion.
Five Out of Seven of the Candidates
Recommended Are Harmoni
ously Chosen.
The annual election of trustees of the
Mechanics' Institute took pi^ce yesterday
at the library building.
Those elected were: Joseph M. Cum
in ing, E. P. Heald, P. J. Healy, Joseph
Leggett. Oscar Lewis, George Pressoc and
G. Howara Thompson.
The result of the election is an evident
expression of the satisfaction of the mem
bers of the present administration, for
five names of the ticket prepared by the
members' committee were elected. Mr.
Leggett said last evening:
"The defeat of Henry Root was undoubt
edly caused by his strenuous efforts for his
friend George it Presson. He worked
hard for Presson and this greatly weak
ened his own chances. His defeat is not
by any means an indication of dissatisfac
tion, as his services are held by ail the
members as exceedingly valuable."
PLEADED " NOT GUILTY."
Peculiar Status of the Higgins Case — Is
It a Criminal or Civil
Action ?
The case of the Pecpie against Hiegins
has assumed a peculiar aspect. It is a
civil action, but it has ail the characteristics
of a criminal action. A plea of "not
guilty" has been entered by Higgins, and
the prosecution has objected. They say
"not guilty" is no answer, and they asked
for judgment in deLault of other answer.
They have appealed from a denial of this
request for judgment.
Henry Gesford, under the guise of the
People, is suing to have M. 11. Higgins
ousted from his position as Insurance
Commissioner, the charge being that while
in offica he accepted a pass from the rail
road company. Judge Sanderson, before
whom the case is pending, has permitted
Higgins to enter a plea of "not guilty" to
this accusation, and his Honor deems this
sufficient answer to the complaint.
Garret McEnerney, counsel for Ges
ford, claims that this is no answer; that
Higgins must file a written answer to the
complaint against him, and so, after ob
taining a default from the County Clerk,
he has asked for a judgment in his favor
on the ground that no answer has been
nl?d within the statutory time.
Judge Sanderson refused to render judg
ment, and McEnerney is now preparing an
appeal from this denial. The appeal is in
the form of an application for a writ of
mandamus compelling Judge Sanderson
to render judgment as prayed fo r .
Gesford was appointed to the position of
Insurance Commissioner by Governor
±>udd. Higgius, Markham's appointee,
held the office and refused to surrender,
and so proceedings were brought against
him.
M'KINNOH'S ESTATE.
Frank P. Hooper Has Petitioned for the
Administration of It.
Frank P. Hooper, upon tho request of
the widow, has petitioned for letters of ad
ministration over the estate of John P.
McKinnon, pho died February 12 last.
In his petition Hooper sets forth that
the property which McKinnon left, so
Jar as he knows, is as follows:
Two parcels of improved real estate in
San Francisco, one on Post street with a
frontage of forty feet and the other a
sixty-one-foot lot on Geary street, to
gether valued at about $;JO,000; land in
Tulare County valued at $34,500; corpora
tion stocks valued at $19,000; Buildine
and Loan Association stocks valued at
$2!U0; accounts for money due in the
aggregate, $76,000. The entire estate, he
says, does not exceed in value $250,000.
His heirs are Sarah McKinnon, the
widow, aged 63, and six adult children,
James C. McKinnon, Ellen J. McKinnon,
Leonide M. McKinnon, John L. Mc-
Kinnon, Alfred J. McKinnon and Fannie
A. McKinnon.
A Great Machine.
The Manufacturers' and Producers'
Monthly, in its last edition, is taking up
the mining industry in its usual masterly
manner. This magazine is now printed
on the famous high-speed .Mel\le printing
press, recently installed by the Mysell-
Kollins Company of 22 CJay street for
high-class work. It is the only machine
of ita kind ou. the coast.
YOUNG WAS FORTUNATE.
The Aspirant for Superintendent
of Schools in a New
Role.
AGENT OF THE VALLEY KOAD.
Contract Let For the Merced River
Bridge Which Will Be Over Half
a Mile Long.
Charles Sumner Young, who had aspira
tions for the office of Superintendent of
Schools in San Francisco, has virtually
abandoned his contest for that position.
In Young's case the wind has been tem
pered to the shorn lamb, for although dis
appointed in his ambition to direct the
city's schools, Young has received an ap
pointment equally remunerative.
Monday last he was appointed right-of
way agent of the San Francisco and San
Joaquin Valley Railway. Before leaving
for the valley he told a friend that the
salary attached to the position was $250 a
month, and in addition to that all his ex
penses were to have been paid. The in
come from the chief position in the San
Francisco School Department is practically
an equivalent of that arrangement, only,
perhaps, it carries with it a prominence
and dignity which many men would like
to possess.
Youne went into a legal fight with Su
perintendent Babcock for the office of
School Superintendent. The case was
laid before Judge Troutt, who decided that
Young'e appointment was not legal, and
forthwith an appeal was taken to the
Supreme Court against the decision favor
able to Babcock. The decision is still
pending in the higher court. In the mean
time Young looked around him for another
field of work, and was fortunate enough to
find the position with the Valley road.
The right-of-way agent has a large share
of responsibility upon hia shoulders, as his
management of the various questions that
arise in the course of securing rights of
way means a great deal to the company.
Young has sper.t years at the real estate
business, and it is said by his friends that
he is peculiarly equipped to carry on the
work he has undertaken. He is already
pursuing the duties of his office down the
valley.
The directors of the road met yesterday
in this City and awarded a contract for the
building of the Merced River bridge to
Cotton Bros.
This bridge will be about half a mile in
length and forty, feet in height above the
water. Most of it will be trestle work, as
the river is bordered with bottom lands
that overflow in winter. There will be
three spans over the river proper, each V2~>
feet long. The spans will be composed of
wooden trusses bound with iron, and will
rest upon piers of piling. Chief Engineer
Storey estimates that the cost of construct
ion will bo between $40,000 and $50,000.
Subscriptions on the tifth assessment
have been coming into the company's
treasury quite satisfactorily, as already
$100,000 has been collected on this one
assessment alone.
Prince Lulgi Injured-
Prince Luigi of the Cristoforo Colombo met
with a slight accident while attending the
sports at Burlinganie on last Sunday. His
Royal Highness slipped on the floor and fell,
striking ids left shoulder in doing so. He paid
no attention to the affnir until the next-morn
ing, when, on examination by Dr. Giura of the
ship, it was found that a painful contusion was
the only result. This slight accident pre
vented his attendance at the banquet at
Jose. He expects 10 be all right in the course
of v few days.
NEW TO-DAY.
A TRUE STORY~~~
THE MADDEST WOMAN
You ever heard of was one who got
hurt on a railroad. She lived on
: Hyae street. •
There was a certainty for her of
pain, a good rest and
BIG DAMAGES. '
A friend gave her something tor
it, which he assured her was good.
so she used it, and then commenced
making a list of all the things she
- ' would buy with the damages. That
was some comfort.
Next day railroad people called
■ and found her so nearly well they
could not give her a cent. Scene
' -closed with a profusion of '■
Feminine Swear Words.
There's a sharp point in these for
RAILROAD MANAGERS,
BICYCLERS and
EVERYBODY.
Her level-headed friend had given
her a bottle of
Mitchell's Magic Lotion,
" Which is so harmless and pleasant
to use.ani never fails to do good
If You Ache or Get Hurt.
Sold by druggists at 25c, 50c and
$1.00.- •- .■,-■..
ISP' BARNES
IS-18 DrummSt. B tokxs?. " fcsj j fc^iJsJ!Jj|\i
RETAIL STORE: I IS^hß i^ 1 I
1640 Market St. \\aXMElMjM^^j a
Can Francisco, Cat. \Bttfß&Q2m3&i&/ 1
/^m ehcyci.es W* \
l^ FISIO MARKET^StTaSI
HEW TO-DAY.
f"lf| BOLAH BROS.
IK. % I SHOE CO.
WE WILLiIVE AWAY
100,000 of the Best Quality
Rubber Balls.
Can be seen in our windows-
Playing Ball is the .healthiest exercise any one
can indulge In. . .___
We Will Give
A Rubber Ball
With Every Purchase of Shoes.
We will also Give Away
50,000 Base Balls
To Boys Who Play Base Ball.
One with every purchase 01 Shoes.
HEADQUARTERS
FOR
Tan-Colored Shoes
: . We will make a specialty of
Tan Shoes!
White Canvas and
White Kid Shoes !
We have ordered enough to supply the Pacific
Coast.
We Carry All Styles.
All Prices. .......
Ladies' Tan Oxfords From $1 00 op
'Ladies' Tan Button Shoes From $1 75 up
Misses' Tan Button Shoes, • spring heels, sizes
11 1 to 2.. From $1 25 up
Children's Tan Button Shoes, spring heels,
sizes 8i/ 3 to 11 From $100 up
Children's Tan Button Shoes, spring heels.
sizes 5 to 8 ...From 85c up
Infants' Tan Button Shoes, sizes 1 to 5^2......
From 40c up
Men's Tan shoes, all styles From $2 00 up
Boys' Tan Shoes From $1 50 up
NOTICE TO DEALERS.
We can sell you Tan Shoes cheaper
than you can import them, in we get
them- by the carload.
WE HAVE
NO BRANCH STORE
ON MARKET STREET.
Don't be misled by misleading signs.
Send us your address and . we will
111 nil you our Catalogue, which shows
all the very latest styles at lowest
prices.
Mail orders receive prompt attention.
SHOE CO.
812-814 MARKET STREET,
9 and 11 O'Farrell St.,
• PUJiLAN BUILDING. '. ;
Long Distance Telephone 5537. . :
LOVELY WOMAN
GOES AWHEEL !
AND SHE IS LOVELIEST ON A
STEARNS!
The Ladies' Model is the feminine gen-
der of the Steams' model for men. It- is
the lightest, safest, handsomest.
STEARNS
E. C. STEARNS & CO.,
304-306 Post Street,
DmiY, lIOPRIHtS & CO., City Agents.
CASHBUIERS ONLY
ABOUT SO
Of the Very Highest Grade*
$100 BICYCLES
TO BE SOLD FOR
$6O EACH!
Judges of such wheels know that they will 50
quickly. Such a chance cannot be offered by any
dealer because the price, is less than his .wheels'
cost at wholesale. The conditions throwing these
wheels on the market seldom occur. The. sale will
begin February 25 at our now store, 933 Market
St., opposite Mason. Take elevator. • •
WHEELER & .WILSON* MFG. CO.
I|| . . Send for the Monarch book, Iflj
■ ill ; **■"' y ou .'woiild. know why the ' m
' I' MONARCH I
Xji 4 models. (SO and |100, fully guaran- §X
XS teed. For children and -^amw sX
■ X£ adults who want a lower jttlm JjKJT^fc^. §X
'•, price wheel the Deli- £fJ\JMSSI9^T9kSirt
~ mice is made In »^T«3SJ ByX^BBB
s ruoilels, f4O, $50,(60, ff^jHKimJßgt^jK
= Sun FriiKtisvo.^ajSn
1112
THE COMMERCIAL WORLD.
RIMMARV OF THE MAKKKT-.
Mexican Dollars advanced.
Silver weaker.
Shipment of $641,636 to Chin*.
Wheat advimcini; again.
Wheat Freights dull.
Barley slightly higher. ~- -
Oats, Corn and Rye dull.
Bran and Middlings weak.
Hay steady.
Beans and .Seeds dull.
Iso change in Flour.
Potatoes weak. Onions lower.
Butttj easy and in ample supply.
Egss decline every aay.
Cheese scarce and firm.
Vegetables lower again.
Poultry and Game dull.
Apples quiet. Oranges weak.
Prunes held at 4c.
Hams. Bacon and Lar.l firm.
Hides and Leather quiet. ', : v
Ho, is away below cost of production.
Spring Wool looked for shortly.
Lamb lower. Hogs (inn.
Explanation.
The arrow flies with the wind. The top figures !
at station Indicate maximum temperature for the 1
d.-.ys; those und*rn<*ath it, if any. the amount of \
ra!afa:i, of melted snow in Inches und hundredths. I
durinj th» vast iwelve hours. Isobars, or solid j
lines, connect points of equal air pressure; iso- I
therms, or dotted lines, equal temperature. The
ward 'high" means high barometric pressure and |
Is usually accompanied by fair weather: 'low" ;
rtiers to low pressure, and is usually preceded and
accompanied by cloudy weather and rains. "Lows"
usually first appear on the Washington coast.
\\ ben the pressure is hiirh in the Interior and low
along the coast, aod .the isobars extend norm and
south along ihp coast, rain is probable; but when
tne -low" is Inclosed with i«ot>ars m marked curva
ture rain sbuth of Oregon is improbable. With a
"high" In Hit- vicinity ot Idaho, and the pressure
falling to 1 ho California coast, warmer w< ather may
Ik* expected ;n summer and colder weath< 1 En win
ter. The reverse of these couditious will produce
an opposite result.
WEATHER BUREAD KEPOHT.
In it r. 1 1 Stakes Hkvartju vt of Aoaimi vev hk,
Wkatsxb r.iKF.AV. San Fkaniisco. February '-'4,
189 a. 5 i". m.— Weather conditions and general
forecast :
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to- date
as compared with those of the same da:e last sea
son: Knreka 24.73, last season 32.33; Red Bluff
l;-i.t>7. last season 25.13; San lr rancisco 12.43, last
season 21.97: Fresno 4.09. last season 21.3.:; San
LJllS Oblspo 12.26, lasl season -2.46; Lus Angeles
5.91. la>t season 11.68: S«u Diego 2.B2, last season
10.17; Yuma 4t5, last season 3.01.
he following maximum temperatures are re
portea from stations la California to-day: Eureka
6«. Fresno 76, ' Los Angeles 84, Red Bluff 66, Inde
l>endence — , San^Diego 78, San Francisco 63, San
Luis i IbUpO 78, Vuma 84.
San Francisco data— Maximum temperature 63,
minimum 47, mean 55. There was no rainfall
during the past 24 hours.
A storm of uunsual intensity is central in British
Columbia and Alberta, from which section the
pressure increases rapidly Co California, Nevada .
and Utah. Heavy rain has fallen 111 Western
Washington and light rain In Northwestern Ore
gon. Cloudy weather extends southward Into 'Cali
fornia as far as San Francisco. Rain will be gen
eral to-night throughout Oregon and will extend
in:o the extreme northern portion of California.
Jt is hardly likely to reach San Francisco. These
conditions are likely to be followed, by colder clear-
Ins weather on Wednesday.
Forecast made at ."-ran Francisco for thirty hours
ending midnight February 26, 1896:
Northern California— Generally cloudy and foggy
Wednesday morning, becoming fair during the
day; somewhat cooler; winds shifting to north
westerly and becoming high on the northern coast.
Southern California— Fair Wednesnay; cooler in
the northwest portion, cooler Wednesday night;
fresh to l.risk westerly winds.
Nevada— > loudy; cooler in the northwest por
tion, io:der Wednesday night.
Utah — Cloudy Wednesday; probably rain: colder
Wednesday night.
Arizona— Wednesday.
San Francisco and vicinity— Cloudy and foggy,
to-nigh! and Wednesday morning, becoming fair
daring Wednesday; cooler; brisk to high westerly
winds. W. H. Mammon, Forecast Official.
NEW VOIIK 31AKKETS.
Financial.
NFW YORK, N. V.. Feb. 25.— Profit-taking by j
local operators and Kales for London account, ac- '
companied by lower cables, led to a rather weak |
opening at the Stock Exchange to-day. The sales
by the foreigners were estimated at fully 5,000
shares. The trading element was quick to dis
cover the change in sentiment and attempted to
brin; about a reaction in prices, and under pres-
Bure from this source the j market declined Sty per
cent 111 the case of Baltimore and Ohio, "3.4 per
cent in Leather preferred and 2% per cent in To
bacco. . Baltimore and Ohio's decline was Sue to
the Impression that the report of the expert will be
. anything but favorable.
Tobacco broke on vague rumors that the com
pany has lost one of the suits brought against it in
the matter of its legal integrity. Leather preferred
was sold by the bears on the idea that the passing
of the dividend must necessarily result in lower
prices for the siock. The directors met to-day, but
did nothing. 'i he belief Ib general, however, that
President Hoyt, in his report to-morrpw, will state
that it has been deemed advisable by thedirectorv
to pass the dividend at this time. This action, if
decided upon, will meet with the approval of
hankers here, who have been more than friendly
to the. company. Snpar and Chicago Gas were
notably strong, and rose to 1175^ and 70, respec
tively. ■
In the late trading the market was • depressed
for a time because or the break in Tobacco, but in
the final trading speculation was firm in tone. Net
changes show losses of V4@" 3 .4 ]>< r cent, Manhat
tan and Tobacco leading. Total sales were 245,750
■hares,
Bonds were lower, sales footing up $2,178,000.
Atchtson adjustment fours fell iy 8 to 50; do gen
eral fours certificates, 1 to-79V 8 : do seconds, class
A, 1t027»i; Duluth, South shore and Atlantic
lives, 1 to «7: Northern Pacific thirds, 1 to 79; do
tonsol, s»i IO4V8,;; 00 certificates. I*4 to 42%. '
Si. Louis arid San Francisco Trust five* rose JAio
*6; St. Paul, and Sioux City sixes, 2 to 130: ".St. j
Paul ■ seven and three-tenths, 2 1 2 to 125.
In Government bonds. $155,000 coupon fours Of
1925 sold at 117y 2 1 17-%, $10,000 registered.
ll? /i; * 1000 coupon fours at 111.
Grain.
FLOUR— Firm, quiet. Winter wheat, low
prudes. $3 50(;j.300; winter wheat, fair to fancy,
f2 Ss(g,:{ 9'J: winter wheat patents, $3 90fa>4 l.i;
Minnesota clear, 52 70&3 30: Minnesota straits,
$3 00&3 38: Minnesota patents, S3 35@4 30; low
Erades; $2 50<&30J; city mills. 15&4 25; city
mills patents, $4::o@14.«>; rye mixti.re, »8 50®
4 50: .superfine, ?•_' 10@2 70; fine, $2 .00@2 20.
Southern flour— Quiet. Common to tair, extra,
*2 40.'a3 00; good' to choice, $3 00(^3 30. Rye
Hour — Quiet, steady, §'.! 40@2 85. Buckwheat
flour-Si kOA] 25. ; ■■> :•■: -.- -^ .„
' BICKWjfEAT— 40@41c.
CORN MEAL— Steady; yellow Western, *2 20®
f2 25; Brandy wine, $2 20.
It YE— Nominal.
BAKI.EY — .Nominal.
BAULKY MALI - Firm; Western, 55@58c.
WHKAT— Fairly active, stronger. No. 2 red.
store and elevator. 81Va'§.81%c: afloat. B.®
6314.C: 1. o. i>., h2s, M ra^:-,. r . s r; ungraded red, 70s
<gßsc; No. 1 Northern, 7b:4ftt77c.
Options, were fairly active and firm at ia/g@
35/ 8 c advance on better cables, higher West, >or
eiKii buying, bad crop reports from Argentine,
active export demand and local covering: May and
• July most active. No. 2 red, February, 7514 c;
March, 75% c; May, 73ygc; June, 73V-.C; July,
73y 8 c • .
CORN— DuII, stronger. No. 2, 3~i,4c elevator;
88V«c afloat. ,
Options were moderately active and firm at y 8
S/gc advance, following the West and better cables.
May most active; February, 37\4c; May, 37c;
July, 3?"/ B f.
OATS— Quiet,. firm. -
options anil, nominally unchanged. Febrnarv,
26V4.C: May, 26c. Spot prices: No. 2, 261,4 c;
No. 2 white. 271,-jC; No. i Chicago. 27Vic: .So.
3. 251 c; No. 3 white, 26'/tC: mixed Western,
2SV2<&^7y 2 c: white do and while State, 27@29c.
FiiED— Bran, unchanged. " '
Provisions.
. BEEF— Quiet:, unchanged. Beef lianifi dull.
(14 iOfoJl s r tierce beef, inactive: city extra India
aicrs, $15@lti 50-, cut meats, dull, .weak; pickled
bellies" 12 pounds 6c; do shoulders, 4y2@4!54c; do
hums, 81 o@8 3 ic.
LARD— Lower; light demand; Western steam.
$5 fiL>i /2 ; city. $5; May. $» 82 Vs. Kenned, .lull:
continent, $5 So; S. A.. ?<3 15; compound. $4 75.
IH lßK— Steady, fair demand: old mess, $10 25@
10 75. "
BUTTER— FairIy good demand; firm: State
dairy, 9@l2u: do creamery held, 13@1 8 Vic: West
ern creamery, i4@i < -'iy;>c: do held, 13(a19c; do
factory, >•'' :. .'iil 21 ..cr Elglns. 21^%0; imitation
creamery, IS ip; rolls. SSillc.
(ii EKSK— Fair jobbing demand; unchanged.
EGGS Liberal receipts; Breaker; State and
Pennsylvania, 12i^@13c; southern, liu>®l2c:
Icehouse. ease, $1 75^3: Western, fresh, 12@12^c;
dnclc •2. t »(«.SOc.
TALLOW— Steady.quiet; city, 3 13-160; country,
334@,4c.
COTTONSEED OlL— About steady, moderate
demand; crude. 21c; prime yellow, 25@25V^c; do
off grade. 25c,
REsiN— Firmer; fairly active: strained, com
mon to good, *1 fi2V2@l 65.
TURPENTINE— Quiet, steady; 29\'4($'29*/4.c.
POTATOES— Quiet; weak; sweets, J;'i'aj4 76,
RICE— Firni; fair demand; domestic, fair 'to
extra. 3«s:<ic; Japan, 3»i@4c-.
MOLASSE.-j— Firm: moderate demand; New
Orleans open kettle, good to choice, 27@37c.
- COFFEE— S.eady: 10'a.25 points down. March.
$12 4f@l2 50: April, $1 15012 25; May, $11 00
@U 96; June, $11 6.*@1170; July, $11 40@ll 50;
September, SHI T.ira id 85: November. $10 75;
December, $10 55(gj"iO 60. Spot IUo dull, steady; .
No. 7, 13i4@133/ B e. ■ .
SU(;AR— Raw, dull; steady; fair refining, 33,4 c; 1
centrifugals, 96 test, 4i/ B e. Kenned, quiet: steady; |
No. 6, 4S/ S c; No. 7, 4 5 16c; .No. 8. 4y 2 c: No. 9 .
4 3-16: -No. 10. 4i/ 8 c: No. 11. 4 11-lUc; No. 12.
4c: No. 13, 3 15-ltjc; off A, 4 7-16.a)4 11-16 c; mold
A. s Vic; standard A. sc: confectioners' A, 4%c;
cut loaf and crushed, 51/gc: powdered and cubes,
51 4 i-; granulated, sc.
.Fruit and Produce.
CALIFORNIA FRUITS— Apricots, bags, 9% |
@12c.
PEA CHKS— PeeIed. 14@15c: unpeeled, 4@BVaC.
PRUNES— Four slies. 5i' B (q>r>i.4c
. RAISINS— 3-crown. 31 g (a3i 2 c; do 4-crown. 4y 2
<aoc: co London layers, 85©95 c: do clusters, $1 25 I
<d>l 45.
" ALMONDS-Soft-shell, 7y»@Bc; Co paper-shell, j
ll@l2c. " ■■
WALNUTS— Soft-shell, By a @loc; standard. 6%
@7c.
HOPS — Quiet; State, common to choice, 2%
@8c: Pacific Coast. 2y>@Bc: London market
steady: Pacific, 30(aJ40s.
«'OOL— Firm, quiet; domestic fleece, 22c; pulled,
15@33c: Texas, «@l3.
Merchandise.
PIG IRON— Quiet: Amerjcnn, $11 75@13 50. ,
COPPER— Lake. $10 90®ll 65.
LEAD— Firm; Domestic, $3 20@i3 L'-.'io.
TlN— Barely steady: Straits, *12 16@12 40;
plates, quiet.
SPELTER— Quiet: Domestic, S4@4 05.
CHICAGO MARKETS.
CHICAGO, 111, Feb. 25.— Liverpool cables,
which were 3 farthings higher this morning, again
defined what should be the course of the wheat
market at the opening to-day. Under their influ
ence prices started with a distinct gain over yes
terday's close of 3 s(S' 1 2 c < an< l advanced another
! eighth within a few minutes. Here the improve
ment met with, opposition in the form of moder
ately free selling of long stuff. The posting of the]
world's shipments for the week which, all told,
aggregated 8,200,000 bushels, softened the tone a
little, slight recessions then taking place.
On the whole there was no big trading and price I
Changes were a trifle slow. Northwestern receipts I
are again picking up. To-day 568 cars arrived in!
that section, against 452 last Tuesday and 615 on 1
the corresponding day a year ago. Chicago re- ;
ceived 185 cars and inspected out 210,104 bushels. I
Later in the morning, on reports of damage to the j
Argentine crop, large sales of cash wheat for ex- |
port at New York and a second advance at Liver- I
pool there was fresh buying which communicated
renewed strength to prices, material gains taking i
place.
I". rail. street's reported a decrease in the world's ;
visible supply of 1,456.000 bushels. Thoman esti- j
mated the stock* in farmers' hands at 157.000,000
bushels. Closing continental cables were all
higher. Export clearances amounted to 279,414
bushels. "Shorts" were urgent buyers in the last
thirty minutes, the best quotations of the day
being established just before th«» close. It was re
ported that 100 loads were sold at New York for
export. .May wheat opened from b6c to 66i, B e, !
Bold between 66 % c and 674& C, closing at 67-"Vs©
i 7 ••.<•. IS/4@iy 8 c higher than yesterday. Esti
mated receipts for to-morrow. 45 cars.
•CORN— Managed to maintain a fair proportion
of strength notwithstanding the very heavy re- 1
ceipts, 11:66 cars. Of course the firmness of wheat
had the credit of sustaining corn, which apparently !
it did. Withdrawals from store were 99.834 bash- !
els. Liverpool cables were, firm and !,4d higher. '■
Export clearances were large at 353.487 bushels.
Bradstreet's reported a decrease in available stocks
of 877.000 bushels. May cord opened at 30 4 c, !
sold between 30%@30%C and 31c. closing at 31c. 1
3'BC higher than yesterday. . Estimated receipts for
to-morrow, 270 earn.
OATS— Were hardly as strong as the condition
of the other markets and the sympathy existing
therewith would warrant. There was a noticeable
fade of demand, while offerings were rather in
clined to be free. Receipts were 723 cars and 8800
■bushels were taken from store. Braclst reel's re
ported a decrease in stocks of 115,C0i) bushels.
May oats closed X B c higher than yesterday. Esti
mated receipts for to-morrow, 225 cars.
FLAX-Was steady: cash, 90<g90y 2 c; May. 91
@9iy->c. Receipts were 33 cars, g -: :
PROVISIONS— The hog market was weak and 1
lower this morning and product In view 01 that j
fact presented little in the way of firmness. Tbe |
business also lacked in interest and the session !
was of the monotonous order. May port closed |
10c lower, May lard b(a,~ \, 2 <- lower and. ribs 5c ;
lower.
Closing: Prices.
WHEAT— February, 65y 8 o; May, 67.V B @67 1 / c;
July. 67y 3 c.
CORN— February, 29 Vie; May, 31c: July,
31V B @32c; September, 33c.
OATS— February. 2Oy 8 c: May, 21V 2 c; July,
aiiA@2i%c.
PORK-May, $9 85: July, $10 05.
LARD— May. $5 50: July, $5 65.
Kißs— May, $5 15; Jury, $5 25.
Livestock.
UNION STOCKYARDS. 11.1., Feb. 25.— There
was the usual light Tuesday run of cattle to-day
and although not many were wanted prices held
firm. The offerings of hogs were large. Packers and
other buyers held oft and succeeded in forcing a
decline of s@loc. The supply of sheep was mod
erate and there was a lair demand. Prices were
steady. .
CATTLE— Receipts. 3500 Fancy beeves. $4 50
(34 65: choice to prime, 1300 to 1750 pound steers.
$4 10'g>4'40: good to choice steers, 1200 10 1600
pounds. $3 80(0.4: medium steers, 1150 to 1300
pounds, $3 65(&3 75: common steers. 950 to 1200
pounds, $3 30&3 50; feeders, 900 to 1200 pounds,
I S3 50@3 85: stocicers. 600 to 900 pounds, $2 76
' @3 50: bulls, choice to extra. $3(0,3 35: cows, poor
j 10 good canners. $1 60@2 45;- cows ami heifers,
! extra, $3 50@3 85; cows, fair to choice, if 2 50@
@3 40: veal calves, good to choice, $6@6 25; calves,
common to good. $3@4 75: Texas fed steers,
53 15(0,3 90; Texas bulls, oxen arid cows. $2 35@
3 35; milkers and springers, per head, $20@40.
HOGS— Receipts. .29,000. Heavy packing and
shipping lots. $I@4 10: common to choice
mixed, «3 85(dYl 10: choice assorted. $4 10@
4 17y>: light, 93 80@4 15: nigs. S3 60@4.
SHEEP— Receipts. "13,000. Inferior to choice,
.*-■ ."iO.-j,. 1 . 65; lambs, $3 60@4 70.
NEW YORK. STOCKS.
Bonds, Exchange, Mrtney and Railroad
Shares. .
Money on call has been easy at 3@4£: last
loan at 3^%, and closing offered at 3". Prime mer
cantile paper, 6@7%. Bar silver, 6834 c. Mexican
dollars, 64Vic. sterling excnanz« steady, with
actual Harness In bankers' bills at $4 «HVt@4 86V a
for sixty Cays and #4 87y 2 87% for demand.
Posted rat*>«. *4 87@4 88y 2 . Commercial bills.
$4 fesVi/a4 fc6. Government bonds- steady; State
bonds dull; railroad bonds firm. Silver at the
board was quiet,
(.'J.OBINQ STOCKS.
Am Tel & Cable-.. 91 1 Norfolk A West... 2s /8
Atchlson.. 173/ 8 Preferred. ...8%
Preferred 27 North American... 57/ 8
Adams Express. ..148 Northern Pacific. 4y
Alton.Terre Haute. 58 Preferred......'... 15%
American Express.llo ' Nortnwestern l^^'U
American Tobacco. 78% Preferred 145
Preferred 102 N. Y. Central »8.%
Bay State Gas 1 SVz N. Y. Cbicago<fc3.L 13%
Baltimore & Ohla. ■33 j let preferred 65
Brunswick Lands.. % preferred.. ..;_ 291.4
Buffalo, Koch &P. IOV2 N. Y. AN. H. ....... 184
I Canada Pacific.... 67 N. Y. New Eng. 43
Canada Southern.. J>U,4 N. Y. Susq <S W... 10
Canton Land....... 60% Preferred ...; -291/8
I Central Pacific 15i, 0ntari0. ............ lOV-j
Cties. A. Ohio 17y 2 Ontario* Western. 15y
Chicago Alton IB* Oregon Improvmu '■£
Preterrea... ;....! ■ Preferred
Chicago, U. & — i~.un /t Oregon Navigation. II
Chicago <X E. 111... *•* lOrecon Hhort •7. •
Preferred h« : Pacific Man ....... 28%
! (hicagouas. ....... 63 jl'eona. U. t Evans. . 3' 8
I Cleve & Pittsburg.ltiO Pittsburg <fe W pfd. -'1
i Consolidation CoaL 30 {Pullman Palace.. .lsß<
I Consolidated Gas..ls7Va Quicksilver 1%
C. C.C. <fcSU Louis. :-BV;j, Preferred... 15
Preferred..: B'B'«,l<eaaing ........ J33/
Colo. Fuel & Iron.. W.ijm ilUoGrandeAWeatn 16 '
Preferred......... 94 ] Preferred... 44
Cotton Oil Cert.... 17*/t>Rock 151 ana ....... 74y 8
Commercial Cable. 151 iP.omeWat <&Og<tenllsi,^
Del. Hudson. ..;... 129 • St. L. <k S. W 5
: jjel.Lack&WesternlH-' I Preferred......... 12s/.
i Denver <te R. O-.... 14y» St. Paul..... 7*i/
I Preierrea now . Preferred.'.. ......lany,
1 I'lstlllers ........ 18% tst. Paul* OulutU. '<S7y 2
General Electric..."* 3-V2 Preferred.. »J
Erie...... 16% bt. Paul «fe Omaha- 4v!i,4
Preferred 2^/2 Preferred .......124y.,
Fort Wayne 162 jt?t. P. M. <t M......109 "
Great Northern ufd.llo .-silver Certincat 6^i/
Green t0ay.. ........ " Vi Southern Pacific... 191/0
Harlem .......39 3 - itSoutnernH.it..... 10s/ g
Hocking: C0a1....;. "■* ' Preferred.... 'A'-'-h
! Hocking Valley... l« l /a bugar Refinery. ...ll7v
I Homestake.... 30 '. Preferred........; 102 •
H. <t Texas CenU. IVi Term. Coal & Iron. 33
Illinois Central.... 87 i Preferred 100
lowa Central.. . 9V 3 1 exas Pacific...... a
Preferred " 36y 3 Tol.A.A.i. N.Mich.
I Kansas A Texas. _ 13 ■} 01. it Ohio cen.... :0
Preferred ..... SO%; Preferred 66
Kingston & Pern... 3 1 1 ol.St.Louls <k X.a (5
Lake Erie <3tWestn'2liA' . Preferred......... : 12
Preferred......... 74V 2 Union Pacific...... HS/
lAte cihore 149 ■ jr. P.. Den. & Gulc. D
National t«ad 23Vi'U.S. C0rdag8....... • 6%
Preferred.; ..; 87i /4 - .Preferred......... lli,t
■ Long lslana.. ..;..■; 8-' ! : Guaranteed ..j. 22 .
! Louisville & Nash. 64%' 11. !?. Express...... 44
Louisville Na&Ch. 9 1/ 3 U. B. Leather. 301,4
Preferred.. 24 Preferred 85%
Manhattan Consoi. los U. 8. Rn0ber....... liKi*
JMempnis&Charls. 15 i Preferred......... H5
Mexican Central... lzy 8 ] Utlca B. River.. 161
3 Michigan Central.. 06 | Web. S. L, <t Pac.. 7s/»
THE SAN FKANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 26, 1896.
Winn«:S. L. — I Preferred
Prolerrert — — I Wells-Farco
Minn. & St. L com. 21 'ii Western Union....
Ist preferred 81 V 2 Wis Centra!
Yd preferred B2 Wheeling AL. X..
Missouri Pacific.. 24'ig: Preferred.
JUobiledt Ohio 2i' 2 Am Cotton Oil pftJL
KaahVllie Chatt.... 70 iW U Beef
National Linseed.. 15 L 1 Traction t
N. J Central 107 1 i'Ann Arbor
Cl «'♦«>■ Mit BOXIW. . • • '
1/ 48, ret 109y M X Tads 631,4
Do, 4s coupon. ..110 | D 0,45..; 86y 2
J 4s new reg 117 1 Mutual Union 65... 115
Do, 4s coupon. 1 17 X J Cent Gen 65. ..119
Do. ir»..... 95 ~ Northern Paclsts. 117
Do, 65... llavi! Do, 2ds ........ 11l ,
Do. 58 coupon.... 11 31/4 ■ Do. Zfla. ;. 79 '
Cherokee 4s. 1896. 100 . >. onu west Consols. 139 Vis
Do.1807.: 100 I Do, deb 109V 2
DO. 1898 100 ORdfcNlsis. ..;.-. 110%
I Do. 1899..... .....1u0 6lL&lronMtGen 80
Pacific 6a of '9s . St L& SF G«n 6s 107
i D.C.3-6 ss. 110 !ft Paul Consols 12.71/.
1 Ala Class A 4.. 108 ■ fct. P. C- &Pa lsts."llsy a
Do. Class 84, 6s. 108 \ Do, i'ac Cal ists..ll'-'
LaConsol4s 98 8 /i Southern K. R. Os 9V4
Missouri funding j Texas Pacific first* 883,4,
H Carolina con 65.. 122 Texas I'acseconas. 24
!>o, 45... ionf'B UnlonPac lstof 98.102y»
iFo Carolina 4V25...1063/ 8 ' West Shore 4s ..10t3y
- Term new as S8 Mobile* Ohio 4s. 6«y 2
Va funding debt... 61 V2 GranaeWesclsu 77 V a
fo, reg ChesifcOss 108
Do. deferred 65... Atclilson 4s 7!' r
Do. trust rcpts st 6y 3 : Do. 2ds A..~ 27."M
Canada South Ms.. 106V2 Ull<£ S A 65.. 105 •
Cen Pac lstsof'9s 101 I Do. 2d 7s. ■ . 101'ij
l)eri& R O 15t.... llS^j H & Tex Cent6s..llO
i Do, 45... 1 ....... 90 I Do.con6s 105
irleJds ..„.. 74 Reading 793/ 8
Kansas Pa Consols 77 1 « Missouri U». ........ 100
Kb Pa Ibis Den divlOß%' ••
FOBJSIGM MARKETS.
WHEAT IN I,tVRItPOOI» ."■'-" •'■--■ •-V
LIVERPOOL, En-0.. Feb. 26.— Tbe spot market
Is firm at 5s 6@Bs 9Vii<l- Cargoes are firm at 27s
10y a d arrived.
: FUTURES. .
The Produce Exchange cable gives the following
Liverpool quotations for So. 2 Red Winter: Feb
. ruary, 6s 73 / id; March, 5s 8d; April, 6s Byid:
May, 5s 81/2* l; June, 6s 8y 3 d.
BECI7RITIK&. ■}'■'.'''. v,.:
LONDON. Esa.. Feb. 25.— Consols. 109 7-16;
silver, SI 6-I61I; French Rentes, 102f 87 % c.
EXCHANGE AND BUJLL.ION.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — $4 863/1
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 88 I
Merlins; Cables — .48814 1
New York Kxchange, 5ight.. •...;... — ' Par' I
New York Exchange, telegraph!?.. — Par
Fine Silver, ounce — bB3/
Mexican Dollars 65Va 66
"TREASURE
The City of Peking took out a treasure list of I
$541,836. consisting of '$371,246 In Mexican Dol
lars, $3090 in Gold Coin and $167,500 in Silver
Bullion. • ■•;'
PKODUCE MAEKET.
WnEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT FREIGHTS — Are quiet at the last ;
quoted rates. The chartered Wheat fleet in port
has a registered tonnage. of 30,800, again.-;! 26.
--600 tons on the same date last year; disen- '
gaged, 48.000 tons, against 73,600; on the way to •
this port, 21 3,000 tons, against 13y.700. .
WHEAT— Liverpool and Chicago are both higher
and this market has advanced in sympathy. No. i
1. $1 13VM&1 13*4: choice, $1 15: lower grades, i
$1 Us<«jl 10; extra, choice for milling, $1 20®
i 27% ft ctl. .
■ CALL. BOARD SALES.
ISrOBMAXi HKBBIOK — 10 o'clock — May— 27oo
tons, $1 14%; 100. $1 145 : 600, $1 145;. De
cember—6oo, $1 145/ 8 ; 300. 14y 2 : 300. $1 143/ 8 . :
Rkgulab Morning Session— May — 700 tons, ;
SI 155 8 ; 600. $1 15V«: 700. $1 151/4: 1600,
*1 15S 8 . December— 3oo" $1 15y 4 : 2300, $1 15i 8 ;
300, $1 15. ... • .
Aftebxook Skssiok — December — 100 tons.
»1 14%: SOU, $1 13. May— loo, $1 161/4; 600,
$1.15%.
BARLEY— Holders have advanced their asking
prices uMd'tue market is firm. Feed, B7V2@72y:>c
9 ctl; choice, 73% c; Brewing, 75@82y 2 c.
CALL BOARD SALES.
. Informal Session— lo o'clock— May— 2oo tons,
74y 2 c: 100, 746/ c. -;.-•■'
Regular -Mdhmnq Session— May— loo tons,
74% c; 300. 747 B e.
A*tkrnoon session — December — 200 tons,
79c. May— loo, 74Voc.
OATS— Very weak. Holders would have to ac
cept lower prices to sell. Milling, 72y a @80c %* etl ;
fancy Feed, 80@S5c 'ft c:l: good to choice. 72y 2
@SOc: common to fair, 67v,®70c; Gray, 72y 2 (g>
feUc; Red, for seed, SI (3,1 06; Black, 'for seed,
90c@Sl 20: Surprise, 90c<$£l.
CORN — excessive receipts continue, as will j
be seen elsewhere. A continuous stream is com- I
ins irom Nebraska. The market is neglected and i
very weak.. Laree Yellow, 87y 2 @9o<; ft ctl; small-
Round do,'9s@97y»c: White, 80(o;8iV>c.
KYK— Quiet at, 80@82'/ 2 c "ft ctl.
BUCKWHEAT- Quoted at Slj^l 26 "ft ctl.
FLOUR AM) MILLBTDFFS.
FLOUR-Shipmentof 72H1 bbls to Vladivostock. !
Quotations show no change. . Net cash prices are: I
Family extras, $3 So@4 "ft bbl; Bakers' extras, I
$3 80@4 90; superfine, $2 75@2 85 ft bbl.
CORN MEAL. ETC.— Feed Corn, $20 60@21;
Cracked Corn, 521@21 50 ft ton.
Ml U.STI/KKS— l'rices In 10- Ib sacks are as fol
[ lows, usual discount to th« trade: Graham Flour, I
I 4 c; Ry.e Flour, 8I4C; Rice Flour. 7y 2 c; Corn- !
I meal, - 2%@3c: extra cream do, oatmeal, j
' 3%c; Oat Groats. 4y 2 c: Hominy,' 4<g*4V4c; Buck- ■
• wheat Flour,' 4c: Cracked Wheat, 3V 2 c: Farina, '
I 4y 2 c: whole Wheat Flour, 3c; Rolled Oats. 4y c; '
I'eurl Barley, 4^ijc; Split Peas, 4%c; Green «Jo, j
sV*c ft ib.
HAY AND I'KEDSTCFFS. .
BRAN— Receipts are lar^e and the market is still
lower at $12@13 ft ton, jobbing rate*.
MIDDLINGS-Are weak at $16@17 for lower
grades up to $19 ft ton lor the best.
FEEDSTUFFS— RoIIed Barley, $16@17 ft ton:
OlUake Meal at the mill, $21 ft ton; jobbing,
*21 50: Cottonseed Oilcake, 821.
AY — Arrivals are moderate and the market
Is steady. Wheat Is quotable at $8(3)12 ft ton; .
j Oat, $8(5.9 $ ton;- Wheat and Oat, SB@ll t* ton;
Barley, $7(gt9; Alfalfa, $7@9; Clover. $6@B 50;
Compressed, $7®lo 50; Slock, $6@7 ft ton.
fc>TRAW-35(g»60c ft bale.
BKANS AND SEEDS.
BEANS— Very dull and rather weak than
otherwise. Bayos are quotable at $l(ai 10 'ft
.ctl: Small Whites, *1 25@1 50 «* ctl ; Pea, ?1 40
<g>l 60 ."if, ctl; Large Whites, $1 10©l 20: Pink,
90c@.?l 10: Reds, $1 30@l 60: Blackeye, nominal;
Red Kidney, SI 60@l 65; Llmas, $2 25@2 65;
Butters, fl 50@l 65 ft ctl. ■
SEEDS— There is not much business now. Of
ferings are small and so is the demand. Brown
Mustard is quotable at $1 99@2 05 ft ell: Trieste,
$2@2 V! oft ctl; Yellow Mustard. $1 40@l 60;
Flax, $1 70@l 75; Canary, 3Vi@3y 2 c * 1b: Alfal
fa, s@7c ft tt>; Rape, l-', 4 (g;2c %< Ib; Hemp, 4c ft Ib.
DRIED PEAS— SI 25©1 40 ft ctl for Nilesand
$1 25@1 45 for Green. .••<'•'
POTATOES, ONIONS, VEGETABLES. 1
POTATOES— Themarket continues heavily sup
plied and weak. Stockton Sweets are quo:able
at $1 25@1 50; Merced Sweets, $2 ft ctl; Sa
linas Burbanks,' 6o@9oc V* ctl: JKlver Burbanks,
30<S35c ft sk; Oreeon Burbanks, 40@60c; Or'eeon
Garnet, C'bKcs, 60(aj70c; Kiver Reds, 60(a60c ctl;
Early Rose, 40(a)50c: Petalumas and Tomales, 35
@40c. ■
ONIONS— Are In ample supply and lower. Good
to choice. 60@80c ft ctl; Cut' Onions, 40@50c;
Oregon. 75c@lt>l: Nevndas, ?l ctl.
VEGETABLES— ArrivaIs were 252 boxes Aspar
agus and 205 boxes Rhubarb and 40 sacks Peas.
The Summer kinds continue to decline under in
creasing receipts. •
Mexican Tomatoes are quotable at $1 5032
ft box: Cucumbers, 75c@$l 60 V doz; Asparagus,
6@7c ft Ib for- ordinary and B@loc for choice;
Rhubarb,' c "$ Ib; Mushrooms. 12i/ 2 @2or- ft Ib; ]
Dried Peppers, 8(S.10<- l* s It; Green Peppers. '
■$ Ib; Los Anceles Tomatoes, 50c@$l 50 W bx;
Green Peas. 2y 2 @4c lor Los Angeles and 4y 2 @6c
■ for Bay; String Beans. 10fail2i^ V- Ib: Dried ukra,
l 2V 2 c; Cabbage, 4t@soc f, ctl; Garlic, 4@sc * \h:
Marrowfat Squash, $30 & ton. • . •
BUTTER, CIiKKSE AND EGGS.
' BUTTER— Weakness la the order of the day at
present. Stocks are slowly increasing and the ten
. dency is to keep as closely cleaned up as possible. '
Chkamkkv— Fancy, 2H@27c; special brands go
higher; seconds, 24@25c V- Ib. .:■
I'airy— Fancy. 23(q>24c: good tojehoice, 22@
22V 2 c; lower grades, 20@21c.
Kastkhn— Ladle- packed, 14@18c TH ft.
CHEESE— The. shelves are still hare and all
merchantable Cheese sells on arrival. Fancy
mild new Is quotable at 12y 2 @l3c tt Ib; common
to good. 10(<j|12c %4 Ib; Cream Cheddar, 12(g)13c
V' It.; Youni- America, 12'«13c; Western, l-y 2
13c: Eastern, 13@14c.
'EGGS — Prices drop about. a cent a day now.
Stocks are 'liberal and increasing. ...Store Eges. 11
@12c; ranch Eggs, 12y 3 @l3c, with sales at 14c %*
dozen. : • '
POULTRY AND GAME. '
POULTRY-^DoinPstic stock is dull, with higher
pricesjfor Pigeons, other kinds being unchanged.
There is still some Eastern on hand,' selling at
$5 BO for Hens and $7 for young Roosters. .. .
Live Turkeys, 10@llc for Gobbler! and ll@l2c
j !b for Hens; Dressed Turkeys. 10@13c;- Geese V
I pair.' SI 25(ig.l 75: Ducks. $4" 50fd*« for old and .?tj
@7 for youns; Hens, )|!3 50.v»4 50 V- doz: Roosters,
young. *(Mai6 50: do, old, $3 "Js@4: Fryers, $5 50
'fa, 6: Broilers, $4 50@5 for large and 83 60@4 for
small; Pigeons. $2 \.u@M 50 3 doz lor young and
$1 50(a)2 for old.
(SAMK— Gray Geese, $1 50; White Geese, 50c;
Brant, 75c@$l: Honkers. •—-;■'• Hare, 60@76c:
Rabbits,' Sl@l 25 for Cottontails and 76c $ doz for
small. - ...
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
APPLES— Quiet at 85c@$l box* for good to
choice, 60@7 6c for common to fair and $1 25@
150 for fancy. - ■ -^^»^^^^S^^mß
CITRUS FRUITS— Oranges are lower again
at 75c@$l "- "ft box for Seedlings and *1 60®
2 50 'ft box for Navels: frozen stock noes down to
nothing; Lemons, *i(g)l 60 for common and $2(3)
2 50 for food to choice: Mexican Limes. $5 V box;
California Limes. 65@85c; Bananas, $1 25@2 !.u t <
bunch; Pineapples, *2<g>s do^eii v-.j
DKIED FRUITS, BAISiNS, NUTS, ETC.
DRIED FKUJTB— Hold»rsof Santa Clara Prunes
have agreed to hold their four sizes at 4c. The
market for all Fruits is stagnant and weak. There
is no Eastern demand whatever. The following
prices rule on the Fruit Exchange: ' •■'• ■"■-*■ y
! Carload Lots— Apples. 2Va@Bc Ih for quar
i tered, 3@i3V2C t», lb lor sliced and 414 c %l lb for
evaporated : Reaches, 1 2 f^4c "ft !1> •■ ami 5y 2 @6c
| for fancy; peeled in ■ boxes. 12c: Apricots, 7Va®
\ BV«c for prime to choice. 9 Vie or fancy and lU(g)
lie fib for fancy Moorpark: Figs.- black. 2V3C
for undressed: White Figs. 4@sc in sacks; Pears,
; 7c ii ib . for evaporated halves. 4<S6V2C "# lb for
! quarters; Prunes. SS4@4c: Plums, 4c %*. tb for pit
: ted and- lV @i!iAcfor unpitted: Nectarines, s@6e
%>- Ib for prime to choice and 6y»c for fancy. ••; .
Jobbing Prices— Apples. 4@4V5sC: Peaches. S@
4c nnd 5c for faucy; peeled, in boxes, 10^1'JVac;
Prunes, 4c for the four sizes. 6c %i lb for 40@50's
and 6c for 50@00's; Apricots. 6@9y3C.for prime to
choice and li(ajllc for fancy Moorpark; Figs,
1 black. JJV4@2is.ic: ' White Figs. 3<5)5c; Pears. 6y 9 c
: tor evaporated halves and 3(8-5 y?c for quarters;
! Plums, 3V @4c. lor pitted and l@iy c 'or un
| pitted: Nectarines. 4(&5c ? lb for prime to choice.
RAISINS AND DKIED (SHAPES— Prices are as
. follows, carload lots, f. o. b. San Francisco: Lon
oon layers, 85@90c $ box; four-crown, loose, 33/ 4
$ to: three-crown, ioose, 2y±c %*lb; two-crown,
1 s;c; seedless Sultanas, 35,4@4c; seealess Muscatels,
1 1 /2@' > 3 ic: three-crown London layers, 70c: clus
-1 ters, $1 35@J, 60; Dchesa dusters. $2 10@2 2&;
, Imperial clusters, $2 60@2 75: Dried Grapes, 2y a
.^ lb.
Jobbing Prices — Four-crown loose, 3c; ;3
, crown, 2i 4@2y 2 c: 2-crown. 13/i<a>2(!; Seedless Sul-
I twins. 3%(d>4c: sieefHess Muscatels, 2V c; 3-crown
London layers, 85c@$l: clusters, SI 40@l 50;
Dehesa clusters, $2 26; Imperial clusters,- $2.76;
Dried Grapes, 2y ? c. ■'■'■ .
UTS-Chestnuts. 6@Bc t* lt>: Walnuts. 7(5)Sc
p lb for No. 1 hard and Wd.9\- 2 for soitsheli, Job
bing lots; Almonds, 45<ai7y 3 c'ior Languedoc and
oy 2 @loc lor paper-shell, Jobbing; Peanuts, 6@6c
for Eastern and 3y 2 @4y c for California; Hickory
Nuts, s@6c; Pecans 6c lor rough and 8c for pol
ished; Filberts, B®9c; Brazil Nuts, 7y @Sc $ lb;
Coconnuts. $4 50@5 9 100. .
HONEY— Comb is quotable at 10@12c '$ lb
for bright and B@9c ft lb for lower grades; wat»r
white extracted, 5@5y 2 c V- lb; light amber ex
tracted, 1 434 - dark amber, 4c-. dark. 2(d)3c.
BEEBWAX-24@27c % Ib.;
VISIONS.
CURVED MEATS— Bacon and Lard are
very firm and pointing upward. Bacon, fly 2 c for
heavy, 7 Vie for light medium, 9y g c for light. 10y
for extra light and 12% c for sugar-cured: Eastern'
Sugar-cured Hams, 11 Vise: . California > Haras,
IQuSlOi-ic; Mess Beef, $8 «p bbl; extra mess ao,
$8 50; family do. $10; extra prime Pork, $»'$ bbl;
extra clear. $16 "$ bbl; mess, $14 bbl: Smoked
B<-ef. 10@10y 2 c "%i lb.
LARD— Eastern, tierces, is quotable at 6y a c "$
! lb for compounu and 8c for pure; pails, BV2C; Cali
fornia tierces, 6c for compound and 6V 2 c for pure;
half-bbls, 634 c: 10-tb tins, 7y c; do 61b, 7a /4 c "# tb.
COTTOLENE— 7iAc in tierces and 8c *f4 lb in 10
--tb tins. * ■ .•
HIDES, TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPS.
HIDES AND SKlNS— Prices have not changed
for some time. The market is quiet. Heavy suited
steers, 7c: culls and brands, tic; medium, 6c: culls
and brands. 6c; light, sc; culls and brands, 4c": Cow
hides, o@sy a c: culls and brands, 4@4y a c; salted
Kid. 5c •£ ib; salted Calf, 80 lb; sailed Veal.
j 6c; ary Hides, 10@llc; culls and brands, 7@7Vi2C;
: dry Kip and Veal, 9c: culls, 6y @7c: .dry Calf,
j 15c: culls, 10c; Goatskins, 20@35c each; Kids, Be;
Deerskins, Rood summer, 25@30c; medium 16@
. 25c; winter, 10c; Sheepskins, shearlings, ■ 10@
i 15 cc?r > short wool, 20@35c each; medium, 40
to 50c each; long wool, t3sc eacn. Culls or all kinds
about Voc less. ?•'-' •.■/.-:- .
TALLOW— Weak and quiet. No. 1. rendered,
3Vst@4e: No. 2, 3c; refined, 5y2&5%c; Grease,
2y 2 c 1* lb.
WOOL— Pome new Spring clip is expected in
shortly. Dealers say it will appear earlier than
; usual this year, owing to the recent hot dry
! weather. The market continues Hat. We quote
I Fall as follows: Eastern Oregon. 9@llc •$ tb; San
i Jouquln and southern. 3@6c; Nevada, 9c f> tb.
i HOPS— Buyers are bidding 2@2y a c, but such
bid-sure promptly rejected. Nominal . quotations
of 2y 2 @sc represent the market. There is no busi
ness. . " .-••"■ •/.'■■
GENERAL MERCHANDISE. '
BAG: — Calcutta Grain Bags, June-July delivery,
$4 12%@4 25; San CJuentin,' $4 20: Wool Bags,
24@26c. • ■ ■
COAL— Wellington is quotable at $8 Q ton;
New Wellington, $8; Soathfleld Wellington, 97 50
iB i".".: Seattle, $5(a»5 60: Bryant, $5 50: Coos Bay
?4 50: Wallsend, $(5 50: Scotch, $7 50: Urvmbo,
! $7 60: Cumberland, $13 50 In bulk and $15 in sks: \
I Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $13; Welsh An- j
thracite Ere. : Cannel. sß; Hock Springs, Castle
Gate and Pleasant Valley, $7.60; Coke, $10 50 in
i bulk and 512 6U %4 ton In sacks. ■ . « '■
CANNED FKUlT— Aprlcotrf are quotable at $1
@1 05 "# dozen; Peaches, ?l 10@l 30; Pears, $1 25
I (ail 35 V dozen: White Cherries, $2 26; Black Cher
! ries, 75: Plains, SH)c@*l.
CANNED VEGETABLES — Tomatoes, . 70@
• 72y c |) dozen ; Peas. 9.')C(0,*l 05 %>' dozen. • , .
< '< il- I l-.K— We quo '■Kt:'ii .
Co>ta Rica— l9%@2o%c good to prime washed:
19@19V&c for good: 18Vi(ffil«s4c for good mixed
with black beans: I7@lßcnom. ior fair; i4@l6Vi»c
; lor common to ordinary.
I Si Vados— lß@l9%c for fair to good washed;
I 17» / i@18V4c ■ for superior unwashed; 17y2C for
I good green unwashed.
I.IATKMAIA AM. Mexican— 20«.'i(?i21ViP *or I
' prime to strictly prime washed; 19V2@20i.4C .for
good to strictly good •vash<>.d:'l7V2@lyV4C for fair
washed; 16@17c for medium; ' 14y a (a»15y 2 c fur
ordinary: 12@14c tor Inferior to common: 21@
1 2iy 2 c for good to prime washed peaherry: 19V2(g>
20cforeood unwashed peaberr.v.
FlSH— Pacific Cod, catch of 1895: 100-tb cases
1 quotable at lie 't lb; 50-lb bundles, 5c ■£ lb: Silver
i King Strips. 8c SP Ib: Narrow-Gauge do, 7c lb;
, Tablets, 8c V tb; Seabrlslit Blocks. 7y c: Pacific
j Herring,- 18c "p 1 box: Dutch do, $I@l 25 "ci keg;
1 Whiteifsh, $1 50 in hatl-bbl.s and $1 75 in kits;
i Tongues and Sounds, $14; Mackerel, bbls— No. 1,
: $30; No. 8, $26: No. 3, $24; half-bbls— No. 1,
I $12; No. 2, $10 50-; No. 3, $9 60; kits, No. 1. $2;
! No. 2, $1 60: No. 3, $1 50.
j QUICKS! LV $10 f* (task.
OlL— California Castor Oil, cases, No. I, 95c;
bbls. 90c ■"& gal (manufacturers' rates); Linseed
Oil in hhls, boiled 60c: do, raw. 48c; cases, 5c
more; Lard Oil, extra winter-strained, ■ bbls, tile;
No. 1, 51c: cases 6c higher; China Nut, 39@47c
. gal. • •
PETROLEUM— EIaine is quotable at 24Vic %l
' ; gal: Eocene, 21V 2 'ft gal; Headlight, i7s°,
' cases, 2iy c; Star, 19 ! / ;> c; extra s.ar, in cases,
■J.;' ; Astral, 19' c: Pearl, iey 2 c: Standard, 110°
fire test, 171/2 C?• gal in cases. 18c faucets and
13y c in bulk; Water-white, refined, in bulk,
14y 2 c: Mineral Beat, bulk, 19c: wood bbis. 2iy 2 c:
j cases, 24c > gal: Mineral Sperm, bulk, 20c; wood
I bbls, 2jy a c; cases. 25c %>. K*al. ■ '
g GASOLINE, ETC. — 63" Benzine, bulk, 16c;
1 i cases, 21c: 74° Gasoline, bulk, lHc; cases, 21c; 87"
. j Gasoline, bulk. 2Hc; cases, 28c per gal.
1 W 1 11 1 E LEAD— Quoted at 6Vs;C^ tb.
RED LEAD— Quotable at 6y.c ~f, lb.
TUKPKNTIXE— 47c « gal.
■ CANDLES-Granite Candles. 6s. 16 07,. lOVic;
• do, 140r.,9i^c;d0,120z,83 4c:do,looz,Bi4c;Elec- /
trlc Light Candles, 6s, 16 oz. 8^0; do, 14 oz, 8c;
' do. 12 oz, 7y c; do, 10 ok, 6840; Paraffin e Wax
1 Candles, white. Is, 2s, 4s, 6s and 123.14 oz, 9 Vic;
1 assorted colors, same sizes, J 014 c.
: LEATHER— Extra heavy Sole is quotable at
' 27©28 c for No. 1 and 25f0»26c for No. 2: heavy
• sole, 27c for No. 1 and 25c for No.-2: medium
Sole, 2tic for No. 1 and 24c for No. 2: light Sole,
25c for No. 1 and 21@23c ¥* tb for No. 2. .
SUGAR— Western Sugar Refinery Company
, I quote.--, terms, net cash: Cube, Crushed, Powdered
and Fine Crushed all 6c; Dry Granulated, 6s/ 8 c;
• Confectioners' A, sy*c: Magnolia A, 4^4c; Extra
, C. 46/ 8 c; Golden C, 4y a c; half-barrels, Vie mort»
than barrels, and boxes V"C more. ■ •'
BYKUP— Golden, in bbis, 15c; Black, Strap, 100
* eai. . . ..•
I SAN FRANCISCO : MEAT MARKET.
Lamb is lower. Hogs are firm. No change in
Beef or Veal. Wholesale rate* for dressed stock
from slaughterers areas follows:
BEEF— First quality, 5y 2 c; second quality,
4y 2 @sc; third do. 3y a @4c %* tb. . ' . ;
VKAL— Large, 6@bc; small, 6®7c Ib. '-<-;"; Ss'
MUTTON — Wethers. 6@6V 2 c: Ewes, 6c & Ib. '
: LAMB— Spring Lamb. 10c; yearlings, 7@Bc $ Ib.
PORK— LIvo Hogs, 4y.ic for large and 4y 4 @4s /3 c
for small: dressed do, 6(ijit>i4c %4 lb. " ;
WOOD, LUMBER, TIES., ETC.
1 Posts, 10c. each; Redwood, $5 "& cord; Oak,
> rough, $6 60; peeled. $9: Pine, $5 75; Railroad
Ties. 35c apiece for 6xß, 41c . for 7xß and 45@50c
for 7x9. . • . !
TAN HARK -$14 # coed.
Retail prices for Pine arc: No. 1 rough, $13
?17 50 for the different lengths; No. 2. $11; No.
' 1 Flooring, »21@26: Lath, $2; Redwood, $16 for .■'
• No. 1 and $13 for No. Ruslic,slß@23; Shingles,
common, $1 50: Shakes, $9 M. •
' RECEIPTS OF INTERIOR PRODUCE.
FOR 24 Boras.
Flour, or. gk5...... 5,380 Middlings, 5k5..... 250
[ Oregon. 6.084 Oregon •• 179
• | Wheat. ctU 6,775 Hides, no 294
, Barley, ctU 4,2Hs'Pelts. 0d15.... 3.830
: Oats, ctls 620; Wine, gals. .69.400
1 Oregon 1,315 Brandy; ga15....... 500
Corn, ctls • 230, Butter, ells : ' 309
Nebraska s.o6o Cheese, eds ...... 50
Be»n», sits... 881 Eggs. d0z.......V.:10,9b0
, Potatoes. Bks. 1,623 Quicksilver, flaslu SB
• Oregon 4,603 Lime, bbls.... 120
Onions, sits 210 Lumber. M feet... . -40
Oregon., 640 Leather, rolls .v 107
Br»n, Or.mcs 6.670 Alfalfa Seed, sks.. ■ 91
• Hay. tons. 271 Chicory, bb15...... 20
fctraw, tons 35 Borax, ct15......... *29
ifiy 8
i<7
851/,
43/s
11%
38y 3
t*6
aft
THE STOCK MAEKET.
All stocks wore lower yesterday. Con. Cal. <fc
Va. sold aown to $1 95, Ophir to $1 20, Occidental
to 85c, Hale <fc Xoreross to $1 15 <>nrl so on. The
decline was unaccompanied by any Increase in
sales and the market was about as flat as it ever
gets.
The Savage delinquent assessment sale will be
held to-day.
.The Pacific Lighting Company has declared a
monthly dividend of 30 cents per 'share, payable
March 5.
The annual meeting of the Potosl takes place to
day.
The Gold Coin .Mining Company of Cripple
Creek, Colo., hug declared a dividend of lVi c . pay
able March 1 6.
The Montana Ore Purchasing Company paid a
dividend of si, or 840.000, on the UO'.h.
The Onario Silver -Mining Company has de
clared a dividend of 10c, payable February '29.
The .Etna quicksilver mine in Napa County will
pay a dividend of 10c on March 2.
The Homestake mine of youth Dakota paid a
dividend of 25c yesterday.
The Quincy copper mine of Michigan paid a divi
dend of S-i on the 17th.
The Calumet and llecla copper mine of^Michi
gan will pay a dividend of $5 per share on March 2.
Assessments Pemllng.
Following Is a list of assessments now pen'Jlnsf.
H ; _, ' Delinqt
Company* No. Amt. in the Sale Day.
: '■•.* ■ "-. ■ - I Board. .. ;-■■■.-
Savage... 'ski 20,.Feb 4 .Feb 26
A)! a - •'...... 611 10. Febiai. March '9
Justice 60 10|.Feb 13 .March 9
Union C0n...... 1 ..... 52 20|.Febl4 .March 17
Crown Point..-. 66 20 .Feb 16 .March 12
Lady. Washington.:. 1] 05.Feb16 March 10
Julia Con 27 • 05 .Feb 17 .March 11
Silver King 13 - 25 .Feb 2B .April 6
Ande5............ 42 15.Mch' 1 .March 28
Sierra Nevada 110 , 25I.Mch 6 .March 27
BulwerCon ....... . ; 12; Oul.Mch 7 .April '3
' " BOAKU SALES.
Follotvlng were the sales In the San. Francises
Stock Board yesterday
HKOUI.AR KURNIVn RIMSTOX OOWM r. V<HVI» <» : 30.
100 A1ta....... 14,400 CPoint. .36100 0ph1r... 1.25
700 B & 8.... 77 200 HAN... 1.20 500 Potosl .....48
200 8u1wer... .21 150 1.26-JOO S Nev 38
450 ....58 400 Mexican. .s7 250 Union C...5J
100 57300 Occidtl....»l l 300 V Jackt..37
2000 CC*V.. 2.00J
A¥TVKSnr)S RKSSION"— V.3X
100 Aloha 11 100 C P0int. ...35 100 0ph1r...1.25
500 Andes. ...l4|lOO« AC. 36 300 1.20
300 B4 a.... 74200 HAN ....1.25300 Ovrmn... .14
50 8u11i0n... .12 100 Hexter...50!360 Potosl .....45
200 8u1wer.... 20 300 Kentck.... o6lloo Savage....
800 Ch011ar...54 100 Mexican.. sslloo 8 Nev ....38
100....... 100 Occid 85! 50 ....39
1000 1.95.100 ..: .86200 Uni0n. ...50
Following were the. sales in tha Pacific Stock
Board yesterday : ' • " . ; . . •
: - BKorr.\n «Fsntns--li'?i.
200 Alpha 12100 Con 1m....01 200 0ccid.....92
100 Alta 14 100 02 1200 . 90
400 Andes 14 500 C N V 05 400 89
200 Belcher.. 100 Crown Pi. 36 600 .... 87
300 B.SB. 76500 .'. .36 300 86
-00 ....76:400Exchqr....05 3000vrmn....16
400 8u11i0n.... 11 U <fc U.. 39 400 P0t05i. ....46
000 Ca1eda....07 800 HAN. 600 Savage 46
900 Challng...3.Vloo .......1.27y 2 M) 0 Scorplon..o2
400 Choiiar. ...57.950 ..J.20 400 S B& M...07
100 CCAV.. 2.051400 Kentu<Hc..os'3oo SNev 38
300 .........2.00300 Mexican..s7 400 Union C...51
-00 ........1.97y a 2OO Ophirl.27y 2 300 Utah 09
140 ....... .1.95 400 1.25 V Jacltei..36
100 ConS 98 •
.• AJTKRXOnX RKBSION-— 2:31.
300 Alpha... 12,700 CCA V.. 1.9511200 Ophlr.. 1.25
400 Alta 13,100 Conti 96 200 Overran... 14
200 8t1cher.».231400 C P0int.. .35 300 Potosi.. 46
200*. .24 3000 &C 38 400 Savage.. ..46
300 BA B 75 200 HAN* 1.22 Vb 300 SB A M...06
200 Bodle 34 100 Mexican. 100 S Nev.. ..38
300 8u11i0n. ...11 100 ......55 600 ... 37
200 Bulwer. .. SOO M0n0...... 1 nil 00 Union 50
500 Chatlge...3s 300 Occidtl... .86!«00 49
300 Ch011Jir....55 100 ...........86 200 Utah..... .09
WO 54 300 88|300 V Jacket.. 36
. . CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
TUESDAY. Feb. 26-4 p.m.
Si>f.A*kfit I Bl'LAtked.
Alpha C0n..... 11 12 Jackson 40 50
A1t «.... 12 13 Julia. - 06
Ande5.. ,.,„... 13 15 Justice 10 11
Belcher..; '.23 25 bentucli. 05 07
Best&Belchee. 75 -76 Lady Wash.... — 06
BentonCon.... 30 86 May f10wer.. ..1.60 1.60
£ oale .... 34 35 Mexican 54 67
Bullion.. 11 12 Mono . 13 —
Bulwer » 20 21'Mt. Diablo'..'... 15 —
Caledonia 06 08 Nevada Queen. — 05
Challenge (Jon. 35 37 ; Occidental.. 88 89
Ch011ar. ;.;..... 55 66Ophir... 1.20 1.25
Con. Cai. & Va. 1.90 1.95 Overman .... 14 15
Con. Imperial. 01 02 Potosi ....... 46 47
Confidence 93 5)6 Ravage 46 47'
Con.New — OP teg. Belcher... 06 07
Crown Point... 35 36 Sierra Nevada 38 39
East Sierra — 04 Scorpion . Ml —
Exchequer..... 05 06 Silver Hi 11..... 01 02
Eureka C0n.... 25 —Syndicate 02 —
Gould A Curry. 65 37 Union C0u..... 49 51
Hal© JiNorcM.l.2s 1.30 I'tah 10 11
Hexter. 49 60;Veliow JaciCM. 35 36
lowa — 041
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
." TUESDAY, Feb. 25-2 p. if.
tXITKD STATKB BONUi.
Hid. A *t:cd. ■ si. Asked.
r c0up. .109::; — V 545.reg...109 / i — •
Do. new Is. . . 1 17 117%
MlSCKl.HM(il|.<l RON-IK.
Cal-stCbleos. llol4 - IDo. 2d Iss 6s. • — . ■ — •
Cal Elec L 63.106 — A O Ity G<. 105 120
CntraCWSs. — 100 P&ChP.v6.i. — 105
Dpnt-st ex-cp 77 95 •Pwl-st.IUlS*. — 116V4
KdsnLAP 65.100y 2 — Reno. WL&L — 105
FACHRR6S. — :07V River WCo6S — 100
Gearv-stßos. — 105 l!-actnH ,v i,. . 100 1(13*4
LosAnzL6s. — 101 SFANPRRSSIOOS.IO2
Do,Gnted,6s.loiy lo3 bPHKAriz6s 94' 95
Mkt-stCble6sl23 — SPRRCaI6s..IO9 —
DoßyConss..loßy 2 — SPRKCaU>s_ — 97y a
NevCNgß7s. 98 105 SPBrRCaI6s. — 98
N PC 6s. lOli - l SV\Vater63..l22i/ 8 -
NRy Cal 6s. — IC6 ;BVVVater4s._ »9y 2 5»9%
Ry Cal ss. — 103 StktnG<feEttilO2 103
Oak Gas ss. 103 104y 2 SuustTAT6s. 100 —
Do, s*d iss 55.102y 2 - Sutt«r-stßss. 1 10 —
Omnibuses.. U9i/ 4 121 V'isaliaWUß* — 92
I'ucKollMfis.. — — . •■
WATB-.R STOCKS.
Contra Costa 40 46 ' ]San Jose..'... — «5
MarinCo.... 43 — ISprlngValley 99 • 99Vi
. ' OAS STOCKS.
Capital....... — 39 Pacifio Light. 4"» —
Central.. .. 05 — BanFrancsco 73 73i/<j
OakGL&H. 61 62 Stockton..... — 2iy~
PkcGaalmp. 7H-34 79 Vi •
< INSUR \NCE STOCKS.-
FiremansFd.l6(»V 2 165 |Sun ....... 50 —
COMMB.KCIAL BANK STOCK!
AmerBATC. — — " |LondonPJSA.l29Vil32y»
Anglo-Cai... 581/4 — . London&SF. — 30
Bank of Cal.. 234 240 Merch Ex.... 154 —
CaISD&TCo.. 57y a — | Nevada . — —
FirstNationl.l7B ' — j bather li Col — —
Urangers. ... — — ' 1
BAVINOS HANK STOCK*.
GerS&LCo.. — 1160 Pay A Loan.. — 102y 2
HumbS.AL.IOOO — Security..... 240 —
Mutual...... - 41 Union Trust.Bos —
Union 480 — ' ' ■".
' -!-%V.. ' BTItKKT RAILROAD BTOCKI
California.. ..lo6Va — lOak.SUtHay — 100 '
Geary-5t..... 50 .80 Presidio 4V« —
Market-si.— 46 46y 2 Sutter-st. — — ;
. . . POWBKB STOCK*. - •
Atlantic D... 15 16 lJudson.. .— — v
California.... — fls iVlgonu. — 1
Giant... 16 19 '
?!.'->■..• MIM-EI,I.ANK>I7.S STOCK*.
Alaska Pknt. 933.4 951/, OceanicSSCO — 20
BlkDCoalCo. - 10 PacAuxFA.. 1 —
CalCotMUls.. — — 'I'ac Borax... 98 100
CalDrvDock. — — iPacIANCo. — SO
Edison Light. 97 99 Pac Roll Mill 29 V 42y a
GasConAssn. — — ParfPaintCo. 63 8 7y a
Ger lead to. 85 92y PacTransCo. ■— ' 24'
HawCASCo.. 15 1 6 1/4 Pac T4v Co 55 —
HutchSPCo.. IPS/, 18y a SunsetT AT.. 41 —
JudsonMfgC. — — lUnitedCCo.. — 25
Her Ex 100 HO |.
Mill: si vii RKBSIOM.
Board— Vs Hawaiian Commercial, 12 3 1 •25 do
13; 75 do, 13V4: 30 do, 13%; 40 Market-st Rail
way, 46y : 18 S F Gaslight. 725, i; 50 S V Water
99; $7000 S V 4% Bonds, 99*/ 8 . -
AFTERNOON' SKSSIOV.
Board— 4o Hawaiian Commercial, °l4%: 140 do
14.7/ 8 : 125 do. 15; 25 do, l> 3. 16; 50 Hutcbinson a
V Co, I8V2; 60 do, b 3. lHy a . .?-".?
Street— 6 Fireman's Fund Ins, 165; 140 Hutch
inson S P Co, 18: $25,000 Market-st Railway 6%
Con Bonds: 108y 2 ; 215 8 F Gaslight, 73; $6000 a
F& N P Railway .Bonds, 10iy A . .
■ ' . , •— « — •
OCKAN STKA3IEKS.
Date* of Departure Jroni San Fr*ncl*co.
BTEAMKR. | I>KBTI NATICJ.V j BA ILS.
I IMftK.
Weeou I Eel River I Feb 26. Pier 13
P0m0na..... i tiumboldtßay i Feb 27. 2pm Tier 9
C0r0na...... | Ban Dieeo ! 27.11 am i Pier 11
Kniplre , Portland :. ! Feb 28, Si»m ' Pier 13
Queen....... Portland ....:. ] Feb2H.lt>AM Pier 24
San Jose.... Panama....... I Feb 29,12 HIP M. 81
Eureka..... ! Swoon ...... Feb29. ttAMiPlerll
Umatllla. ... VlcAPt:tBntl Feb 29. 9am Pier 9
ABlancnard P0rt1and....... arch 3. 9am pier 13
EantaKosa.. San Diego Mch 2.11 am Plwll
4r»K0...;..: Coos nay...... Mch X, 10am ' Pier IS
*" >'»"■ ! Newport ...... Mch 4. 9am Pier 11
STK.UIKH3 TO ARRIVK.
Stkambr I " From i n v ~^ —
South Coast..... | Portland.:.. .
8eigic... ".. ...... | China and Japan.' '.'.'.'.'.'..
Farallon j Yuouina uav... ....'
Wellington:..... Departure Bay.".
Knreka ....... „ .'. Newport .;...........;...
lice Blancnarc) : i "0rt1ana ..........;..."
Point LiOrua Orays Haroor. ...I*""*
Santa Kosa...... sup. Dieico "'
Del N0ne....... tiravs Harbor....;
Araeo ....... Coos Bay. .. • """
£an Bent to ! lacoma " •*•
Bt«te or Cal...... Portland.. '..;...• "•* "*
City of raeoia:. , Victoria i'i'ui'eV sound
Doric.'./......... Liverpool ........
Colon i':. „. ... ■ Panama.......
*K.Paui ......... ! Newport. ........
Corona . . ......... San Diego.. ". *"
. . riD
..Feb
..Feb
..Feb
. . Feb
. . Feh
..Keo
..Feb
. . Fel)
..Mch
..Men
.- Mch
..Mch
..Mch
..Mch
..Mch
..McU
SU>\ MOON AND TIDE.
V. 8. Coast and Okodktic Sirvey Tide*
JH:llktin- Publishkii by Official V
AUTHORITYOF THB SUPEHINTKNJKXT. J
■".-.Wednesday, Feb. 26. I Wednesday, *eb\ 2«
Sun rises . ; ..... . . ... 6.46 1 Sun 5et5 . .. . . . . ... . . ; . 6.0]
I
515515 Fee i l!!^iF tT^ 1 F.et T " «
Feei
i - 3.17 - 2.5 9.20-
-! 4.11 1 2.0 10.17
i 5.00 1.4 11.08
H \V F<-et L VV
O.ltt 4.9 5.50
i 5.51 4.17-1.2 11. lU| 4.<
I 6.6! 4.58 -1.H1J.48 4.
1 5.5 6.42-0.8
•• Feet H W ; Feet \L" W i Fee
j 0.9:12.01! 6.3 j 6.28-0 4
0.5 12.54! 4.9: 7.o'j! 0 5
o.B] l.fiij 4.6! 7.40 0{
!-»V 8.01! 4.2 i 8.18 l.i
1—0.21 4.27 3.7 9.041 a.(
29
M
1
." V
I 0.46 i P.I f1.41
! 1.17 6.0 7.30
; 1.64 6.1 1 8.2--'
! 2.34 1 6.1j 9.26
Note— ln the above exposition of the tides thi
early morning tides are given in the left 'ham
Column, and the successive tides of the day In thi
order of occurrence »? to time. The second tlm<
column give* the second tide ot the day, the thlrt
time column the third tide, and the last or rich
hand column Rives the last tide of the day exceD
when there are but. three tides, as sometime'
occurs. The heinhts given are additions to thi
soundings on the United States Coast Surve,
charts, except when a minus sign <-) precedes th<
height, and then the number given Is subtractlv<
ttom the depth given by the charu
HYDROGKAPHIC BULLETIN.
Branch Hydrooraphic Office., U. S. N.
Merchants' Exchavok. V
San Fraxciscci, February 25. 189 ft. )
The time ball on Telegraph Hilt was dropped
exactly at noon to-day—i. c., at noon of the 1-JOlli
meridian, or exactly at 8 p. m., Greenwich time.
A. F. Fkchteler,
Lieutenant U. S. N.. in charge.
SUIPPIXU WTKIiUCMCNCJS.
Arrived. i/.-JV
-: '».:>_ TUESDAY. February 25.
Stmr Corona, Hall,. 61 hours from San Diego
and way ports: pass and mdse, to Goodall, Perkins
<fe Co. .. -
' Simr Queen, Green, — hours from Portland,
via Astoria 46 hours: pass and mdse, to Oregon
Railway and Navigation Co.
Stmr . Rival. Johnson, 15 hours from Fort
Bragg; pass and lumber, to Samuel Blair.
Stmr. Truckee, Thomas, 80 hours from Tilla
mook: lumber, to Truckee Lumber Co.
Nic stmr Costa Rica, Mclntyre, 90 hours from
i Departure Bay; 2500 tons coal, to R Dunsmuir &
I Sons. '■':'■'■
■ Stmr Umatilla. Hunter. 68 hours from Victoria
and Pujset Sound; pass and mdse. to Goodall. Per
kins A Co. •
Stmr Pomona, Doran. 16 hours from Eureka;
j pass ami mdtte, to Goodall. Perkins A Co.
Stmr Crescent City. Allen, 86 hours from Cres
cent City; pass and mdse, to Hobbs, Wall & Co.
_ Beat .Mar<- and Ida, Kistine, 9 days from Wjllapa
Harbor; 235 M ft lumber, to Simpson Lumber Co.
.'■ ■'•■l '-: CJeai-o'i."
?:■"'-■>:;■ • TUESDAY. February 25.
Stmr City of Peking, Smith, Hongkong and Yo
kohama: P M S s Co. -
Stmr Willamette Valley, Yon Helms. Guaymas;
Goodall. Perkins A Co. ' •
Schr John DTallant, Olsen, Kahului; Hawaiian
Com and Sugar Co.
. Sailed.
TUESDAY, February 25.
Stnjr Willamette Valley, Yon Helms, Guaymas.
Stmr Gipsy. Leland. Santa Cruz.
Stmr City of Peking, Smith, Hongkong and To
kohama. ." • .
Stmr Arago, Reed, Coos Bay.
Stmrst Paul. Duggan, Sau Pedro.
Stmr Scotia, Johnson.
. Stmr Jewel, Madsen, Caspar.
Stmr Whitesboro. Johnson.
Stmr Homer, DrisKo. Coos Bay.
Schr Newark, Beck. Bo wens Landing.
• Schr Mary C. Campbell, Bodega.
Br ship Snaieow, Krazer, Port Tow nsend.
Schr Jennie Stella, Krebs. Grays Harbor.
Schr Amethyst. Solland, Waldport.
Schr Emma Utter, Allen, Coos Bay.
lelejjrapiiic. > '; - •
POINT LOBOS— February 25-10 r v— Weather
foggy: wind SW; velocity.B miles.
• ' Charter*.
The bark Albert loads mdse for Honolulu: schr
Falcon, mdse for Alaska; ship Columbia, coal at
Departure Bay for this pore: Brship Scottish Dales, i
lumber on the Round for Adelaide, ;Port Pirie 40s, I
Delagoa Bay 57s 6d, United Kingdom or Conti- i
nent 60s— prior to arrival. -
MiaceiltiiieouH.
PORTLAND, Feb Storm signals are dis
. played along the coast and straits, and Information
i signals along the Sound for heavy gales, also along
I the coast. The storm is expected this afternoon
and to-night. ■ .-••-:•
LONDON. Feb 25— shin Oimara hence Dec
25 arrived at Melbourne and reports having lest
! foremast ana main and raizzen lonruasts.
Br stmr«'itj r of Hankow arrived at Yokohama
from Taconia with the thrust shaft broken.
Domestic Ports.
RE DONDO— Arrived Feb Schr Hueneme.fm
Portland.
GREENWOOD— Arrived Feb 25— Stmr Alcazar,
hence Feb 24.
| ASTORlA— Arrived Feb 25— Stmr State of Cali
fornia, hence Feb 23. .
ALBION— Arrived Feb 25— Scrir Archie and
Fontie:'stmr Caspar, hence Feb 24.
Sailed F<-b Schr Bessie X, for Ban Francisco.
PORT LOS ANGELES— Arrived Feb 25— Haw
stmr San Mateo, from Comox. ■ •
NEWPORT— SaiIed Feb 25- Stmr Alcatraz.
FORT ROSS— Arrived Feb 25— Schr Etta B, hnc
Feb 22. •■"; >•; ■---.■.-
Sailed Feb 25— Schr Etta B. for San Francisco.
FORT BHAGG— Sailed Fel. 24— Stmr West port:
Arrived Ft- b 25— stmr Caspar, hence Feb 24. .
EUREKA— SaiIed Feb 25— Stmrs Pomona and
South -Co/ist, for Sun Francisco: stmr Pasadena.for
San Pedro. ■
Arrived Feb 25— Stmr National. City, hence Feo
23 ; stmr Tillamook. •
K«»relcr» Ports.
RIO DF. JANEIRO— SaiIed Feb 17— Stm Czarina
for San Francisco.
NANAlMO— Arrived Feb 24— Nor stmr Peter 1
Jebsen, from San Diego, i
' CAPE TOWN— Arrived Feb 23— Br bark Kirk
| hill, from London. I
CARKlZAL— sailed Jan 4— Br bark Don, for
, Tacoma.
FA LMOUTH- Arrived Feb 24-Br ship Merion
i eth, hence Oct 23; Br ship Garnet Hill, hence Sept
j 22. and sailed for Hull.
KING WOOD— Arrived Feb 23— Br bark Brussels
from Oregon.
NEWCASTLE, NSW- Arrived Feb 24— Bktn
j Jane L.Stanford, from Melbourne to load for
I Honolulu; Br ship Glaucus to for San Fran-
I Cisco. 1
PLYMOUTH— Arrived Feb 22— Br bark Pass of
I Leny. from Oregon and sailed Feb 24 for LHth.
PANAMA— Feb 10-Simr Costa Rica, for
| Champerico. '. :: • .
HONGKONG— Feb 22— Stmr Peru, for
i San Francisco. ■ ■ . . • .
j QUEENSTOWN— SaiIed Feb 24-Br ship Auld
-1 girth, tor Antwerp; Br ship Port Stanley, for Ant
werp. ,i .-;':;. = »v->
YOKOHAMA-Sailed Feb 22— at stmr Victoria,
for Victoria.
Movements of Trans- Atlantic Steamers.
NEW YORK— Arrived Feb2s-Stmr Thingvalla
from Stettin, Copenhagen, etc.
sailed Feb 25— Stmr Edam, for Rotterdam; stmr
Havel, for Bremen.
PRAWLK POlNT— Passed Feb 25— Stmr Braun
schweig, from New York, for Bremen.
LlZAßD— Passed Fob 25-Stmr H H Meier, fm
New York, for Bremen; stmr Patria, from New
York for Hamburg.
• ■ Importations.
PORTLAND AND ASTORIA — Per Queen. 271 j
Mis gluestock, 312 bdls 3 79 rolls paper, 1116 sks !
1020 qr-sks 1714 hf-sks flour, 1116 sks oats, 25,967 i
ft lumber,7s bbls 797 cs crackers, 518 sks potatoes, !
13 pkgs bacon, 140 sks onions, 179 sks middlings, j
6670 sks bran, 500 cs salmon, .4545 sks potatoes '
and onions. . - -:■- -■-, '
SAN DIEGO- Per Corona-343 bxs lemons, 113 |
bdls fish, 122S oranges. 2 pkgs samples. 1 bx j
pipe fittings. 2 bxs, boons. 1 vise, 1 ship boat. 20 I
sks limes, 45 pcs curbing, 2 crates book cases, J. cs \
hats. 11 bis chocolate, 12 bxs tangerines, 1 bx
millinery goods, 2 bxs lead and brass, 4 bxs type,
13 bbls tallow. 14 bdls hides, 132 bdls green hides.
Redondo— ll34: bxs oranges, 11 sks dried fruit,
172 bxs lemons, 1 3 C 3 eggs.
S P Ry via Kedondo— 2cs notions, 13 pkgs drugs,
, Ibx books, 1 pkg mdse.
\ Los Angeles via Redondo— 37l/2 bols lard, 8 cs
bacon.
Port Los Angeles— 7 • bxs lemons, 183 sks corn,
50 bbls wine, 23 sks peas, 1 cs rubber boots, 11
pkgs hardware. 1 cs registers, 1 cs stationery, 4 i
. bxs tomatoes, 34 sks chillies. 2 kegs wine, 1 crate
bicycles, 1 crate machines, 60 bxs oranges.
Santa Maria— 2B cs eggs, 13 bxs butter, 1 coop
i chickens. 22 bdls hides, 8 dressed calves.
Santa Barbara— 4o bxs lemons, 3 bxs oranges.
> San Luis Obispd— l cs cigars, 10 bdls mdse. 45
bxs butter, 6cs eggs, 1 pkg drugs, 1 bbl tallow, 31
bdls hides, 0 bdls skins, 21 dressed calves*
, Nlpoma-10 cs eggs, .8 bxs butter, 9 dressed
; calves. - : .
Arroyo Grande— 7 bxs butter, 10 cs honey. 18 cs
. eggs. Isk clams, 108 sks beans, 1 coop chickens, 8
£ bdls hides,
i Los Alamos— 2 cs eggs, I L Press, 28 bxs butter,
1 coop turkeys. 18 bxa rish. • - .
VICTORIA— Per Umatilla— l crate sewing
machines, 1 nair irons, 15 bxs novelty plate, 1
chest, 1 sealed bag. .
:-. From C P S S Co via Vancouver— bags
rice.
1 Vancouver— l bx books, 2 cs mdse, 2209 bdls
staves. 105 bdls heads.
From foreign ports— l cs mdse. 4SO cs whisky.
New Whatcora— l bx fruit. 6 bbls salt salmon, 3
hf-bbls salt salmon.
East via C P Ry— 2o bbls fittings and faucets. 10
bxs fittings, 18 bxs iron sinks, 10 sewer traps, 88
, pkgs valves and iron pipe connections. 12 chests
3 tea. 38 pkgs connections, 1 roll iron, 1 Iron weight.
60 bbls oil, 501 bxs starch, 60 crates ■25 cs arch.
Everett— 46o kegs nails. 197 l.dl* paper, 400 rolls
paper, 960 bdls ends, 10 sks cleats. 20 bdls car
strips, 800 bars bullion. . .- .-■■■..
Tacoma— l bx fruit jars, 1 pkg household goods.
14 bdls green hides, 1 bdl pelts. 1 cast range plates.
- Tacoma west of Fargo— 4- pkgs household goods,
. 1469 hf-sks 500 qr-sks flour. 1170 ska wheat, 1 bxd
piano, 1 csdry goods, 300 sks flax. . 248 bdls hoops,
2 bxs red wheat, 522 sks oats.
- From NRv via Tacoma— l cs leather, 1 hats.
* Seattle— l 3 bxs salt fish, 24 bxs herring, 57 pkgs
> household goods, 399 sks potatoes, 1 cs trout bait,
I 3 bbls copper junk, 1 bdl junk, 28 cs smoked fish.
I* 2j cs dry goods, 3 cs hats, ,8 cs costumes, 1 bale
'■ overalls, 1 bx tools, 16 cs syrup, 100 bxs hops, 1
< bx leather. 1 bbl coffee, 1 sewing machines. 1 tub
1 tinware, V 2 bbl crockery, Ics bacon, Isk cement,
[ 1 bbl baking powder. 268 bdls green hides, 6 bdls
' calf peU. 4 bbls salmon,: 1 cs clothing, '1 sealed
1 i bags, 676 tons coal. -
I •ON Ry via Seattle— 2o6s sks wheat, 500 slis 220
I hf-sks 60 qr-sks flour. .
\ Klllisnoo— lßl bbls oil, 60 sks 11*110, 3 bales D
1 skins. ■
j I Port Townsend— B bxs type, 1 horse. 1 buggy, 2
- I rolls carpet, 11 pkgs household goods, 1 sealed
1 bag. -
= CRESCENT CITY— Per Crescent City— 4 cs 2
~ sks meal, .SO bxs apples, Ibx wheels, 3 sks hides,
. 10 bals salmon, 1 casting, —M ft lumber. ■ ' '
EUREKA— Per Pomona— B ima tish,6Bbxs 3 kgs
butter, 48 bxs apples.' 1 cs woodenware, 3 pkcs
saddlery, 1 pkg plaster,' 3 : bbls mineral water. 69
_ Mft lumber, 7 coops chickens. 13 rolls leather. 5
7 cs eggs 4 pkgs express, 1 pkg coin, 1 coop turkeys.
I . • . . - Consignee*.
Per Queen— Willamette Pulp A Paper Co; G E
Sheldon: M P Detels; V Hillens & Co; 1 P Thomas;
_ Bissinger.t Co: C J Lelst <fe Co; Thos Watson: J M
Russell & Co; Moore, Ferguson & Co; White Bros:
t Portland Cracker Co; Cutting Packing Co; Driscoll
& Thompson; Allen & Lewis: Wolf & Son ;J H
7 Cain & Co ; . Clatsop Mill Co; , : Geo Morrow & Co :
? A Levy <& Co; McDouough & Runyon: Dutard;
■ Jonas Erlanger & Co: Murray it S'einhageu; Page
: Son; : Thomas Lou^hran: DaHo-n Bros: J Nep
-1 pach: D Keefe; E R Stevens A Co; Gets Bros* Co;
J M Russell <fc Co; W R Larzelere Commercial Co.
2 Per : Corona— Enterprise Brewery: Milwaukee
S Brewery; San Francisco Breweries: E Toplitz; U
2 • R Starr: Bonnet: <t Murray; Page A Sons: lmmel
n A Co; Gray A Barbierl: L Scatena A Co; Southern
- California Fruit Co; Wood. Curtis A Co: N B Jack
. son; Lev! Spiegel A Co: ' Wetmoreßros; ■ Oregon
rt Fruit and Produce Co; A Galli Fruit Co; J Moore:
a ' J I'vancovlch A Co; ; McDonough A Runyon •, F C
1 Friedlander; D E Allison A Co; Gould A Jaudin:
d C E Whitney A Co: Hills Bros: C Curpy A Co: Ed
1 Adams; H Kirchmann A Co: Schilling A Co; Troy
lt I>aundrv Co; Marshall, Teggart A Co; H Dutard:
. Dodge, Sweeney & Co: :- Garcia & Magglni: Boston
„ Rubber Shoo Co; Russ, Sanders A Co; W. E Coates:
y M Ehrman A Co: J P Thomas: F H Ames A Co; A.
L Levy A Co: J H Cain A Co; Hulse, Bradford
« Hllmer. Bredhoff A-Schulz: Wit zel A Baker; Her
man A Co; H WaldecK; Norton, Teller & Co; Labor
Exchange; Dairymen's Union; L D Stone* Co: 3
Strauss: B a Ruhl * Co: Kavanugh A Nolan : F3t
Simpson: Reilly. Walton A- Co: American Union
Fish Co: F B Haight: Pioneer Fish Co: Pac Coast
Fish Co: M T Freitas it Co; Western Meat Co: W
H Minor: J Hoffman: IJolbrook, Merrill A Stetson;
W B Sumner & Co; liawley Bros: OC & V Co: P
Gusmani; Le Connt Bros; Milani «fc Co; Union Gas
Enzine Co: JI N Tilden A Co.
Per Umatilla— Kowalsky ACo; G W Morrison;
Cutting Packing Co; Gardner itThornley: Crane
A Co; F B Joyce: D Bloom A Co; Ross A Hewlett:
Wells. Farpo «fe Co; Bitker A Hamilton: J (i Smith;
MA Wertheimer: Dunham, Carrigan & Co: .'•einl-
Trapic Fruit Co: Selby Smeltlog uu i Lead Co; W (i
Bichatdsou: Stauffer & Co: WAAverv; Pacific
Ammonia and Chemical Works: GetzßrosACo;
American Biscuir Co: American Union Fish Co: S
Baognfnettf: Gnddin & Lorenziui: Allen A Lewis;
s H Fmnk A Co: W W Montague A Co: Albert
Painter: C J Leist A Co; Bozeman Milling c>>: <»
Barbagelata: II Dntard; J A Day A Co; J a More
land; Kittle <fe Co; Moore, Fer^iisou A Co: S Blair
«fc Co; N W lleistand: Thos Watson: White Saw
ing Machine Co; Q M Kutz <fc Co; American Union
Fish Co; California Hat Co; A Letts: Duff A Co: A
H Heney A Co: CUybrongh. Golcher A Co; E W
Skelton; Fnedland A" Milton: Fannier A Franks;
F Dinkelspiel & Co; Uoldsietn A Co; J C Braid: L
A Miller: Henderson Woolen-mills: H uehrm: C 1-
Johnson; liievre, Frifke & Co; Tillmann A Bendel ;
P 'J' Brnsiog: Oregon Imp Co; W B Sumner A Co:
Sawyer Tannins; Co: d'oodall, Perkins A Co: li W
JliKiiins; Tbe Singer Mf« Co; Lilientiial A Co; W
Fraser: Amer Press Assn; Wielr.nd Bros; W Ely ;
M C Nason A Co; a Newman; 'Getz Bros A Co; J
Rehboid; Moore, Hunt ACo, and various Chinese
merchants.
Per Pomona— Witzel <fc Rater: Ross & Hewlett ;
H NTllden <C Co: O B Smith A Co; F B HoUht: V,
c Wickson «fc Co; Standard Oil Co: L I) Stone A Co;
Norton, Teller & Co: Wie:->nd Brewing Co: McKay
ACo: C E Whitney & Co: American Union Fish
Co; Dairymen's Union; Dodge, Sweenev & Co: A II
H'lievitCo: APaladini: Rrigham, Hoppe & Co;
Em erprlse Brewery : Wells, Fargo & Co : National
Ice Co: United States Jlrewery; A C Nichols & Co;
Humboldt Mineral Water Co; Kellett & McMur-
ray.
Per Crescent Ciiy— Hobbs, Wall & Co: Enterprise
Brewery: Simpson Lumber Co: Thomas Lougnran;
Getz Bros <fc Co; Norton. Teller & Co.
• OCEAN STEAMSHIP^
PACIFIC COAST STEAMSHIP COMPAJI
CUT RATES
TO
VICTORIA, B. C, and
PUGET SOUND.
JEFI-r-mt Class 58.00
Second Claea....^Q.OO
Meals and berth included.
Ticket Office — 4 Sew Montgomery Street.
f}?'£. s ■ GOOD ALL, PERKINS A CO..
. - . . Ueueral Apenta.
ASTORIA All PORTLAND.
. $2.50 Second Class, $5 First Class.
MEALS AND BERTHS INCLUDHO.
For reservations call at 18 Moat-
gomery street.
Columbia 5ai15...... February 18 and S3
biate of California salls..Fehruary 23 atid March 4
From BpeaT-st Wharf '24) at 10 a. s«.
GOODALL, PERKINS A CO., Geiil. Supts.
F. F. CON. OK, General Ai;ent.
OCEANIC STEAMSHIP COIPAST.
mgtom^n*. Coolsardie gold fields
jj^^QV^L ■/(Vreemantle), Austra-
"[?„ /O> '• i's; »22U first clan;
JmjrrP' nU(M n i i|(U« $110 steerage.. Lowes; •
Jpvjf 32^^^ raros to ' Capetown,
'■ Fssy "T»^» Australian steamer,
■a§! F^'^r^^/^3 land. Thursday, March
Steamship Australia,
■ -»^»&^Bjiy . Honolulu only, fae*
day, March 10, at 10
Special Pabties.— Reduced rates tor parties
March 10 and Anr ■ 7.
Ticket Office, 114 Montgomery street.
Freight Office, 327 Market street.
J. D. SPRECKELS & BKO.-i. CO.,
Gieneral As>-nt«i.
PACIFIC COAST STEAMSHIP COMPANY
STEAMERS WILL SAIL FROM £*£R.
t-i Hrottdivay wharf, San Francisco, as -fiSfcstcJ
follows: • .
For Mary Island. Lorlnjj, Wranpel, Juneau, Kll-
| lißnoo ana Sitka (Alaska), at y a. m.. Keo. 14, 'J %
! March 15. 30.
For Victoria and Vancouver (B. C), Port Town-
Rend. Seattle, Tacoma, Everett, Anacortes and Xs-v
Whatcom (Bellineham Bay, Wash.). 9 a. m.
1 eb. 4, 9, 14, 19, '24. *9. and every flftn
day thereafter, connecting at Vancouver wits
the C. f. R. R., at Tacoma .with N. P. R. R\,
at Seattle with G. N. Ry., at Po« Townsend wltl»
Alaska steamers.
For Eureka, Arcata.aad Fields Landing (ll um-
boldt Bay) str. Pomona, •_' p. m., I '■ 1,. 3, 7, 11, 15,
19, '23, 27, and every fourth day thereafter.
For Santa Cruz, Monterey, San StraeoD, Cayucoa,
Port Harford (San Luis Obispo), Gaviota. Santa
Barbara, Ventura. Hueneme, San Pedro, East i-San
Pedro (Los Angeles) ana -Newport, at 9 a. m.. Feb.
1, 6. a, 13, 17, 21, 25, '29, and every fourth day
i thereafter. .
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Harfor 1
; (San Luis Obispo), Santa Barbara, Port Loi
I Angeles, Redondo Los Angeles) and Newport. 11
j a. m., Feb. 3, 7. 11, 15, 19, 23, '27, and every
| fourth day thereafter. .
For Enseuada, San Jose del Cabo, Mazatlan, La
! Paz._Altata and Guaymas (Mexico), str. Willam-
I ette Valley, 10 a. m.. 25th of each month.
Ticket office, Palace Hotel, 4 New Montgomery
street. . . .
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO., Gen'l Agcnta.
10 Market St., San Francisco.
COXP.4GIIE GENERAL TRAJSATLAXTIQIJK
i French Line to Havre.
COM PAN PIER (NE W).42 NORTH !a«A
Kiver, foot of Morton st. Travelers by -eJa^y
this line avoid both transit ny English/railway »v 1
j the discomfort of crossing the channel In a small
boat. New YorK to Alexandria, Egypt, via Paris,
first-class $160: second-class, $116. . r, -V*
LA NORMANDIE, Capt. Delonc:e. ...........
;..;...... — March 7, 6 a. st
LA GASCOGNE. Capr. Baudelon .'.
March 14, 10 a. m
LA BRETAGNE, Capt. Rupe : •
March '21, 5 a. h
LA BOURGOGNE, Capt. Leboenf.
....:......■..: March 28, 10 a. M
J(3~ For further particulars apply to ■'.
A. FORGET, Agent, * .
No. 3 Bowling Green, New York.
.T. F. FUGAZI & CO., Agents, 5 -Montgomery
avenue, San Francisco. .. . ;-. ...
NETHERLANDS AMERICAS STEAM MM
| mm COMPAQ.
New York to Boulogne (Paris), Rot-
terdam and Amsterdam,
Sailing from New York EVERY 'SATURDAY at
' 9 a.m. *
Cheapest route to Europe. First cabin $15 an!
upward. Second cabin $36. Round-trip tickets at
reduced rates. Lowes; steerage rates to all points.
For passage apply to local ticket agent or
THOMAS cOOK A. SON, Pacific Coast passenger
agents, 621. Market st., 8. F.
WHITE _STAR'LIXK,
United States and Royal Hail Steamers
r.KIWKF.N
New York, Queenstown & Liverpool,
-..%,: SAIL, KVKltl' >V\EKK.
CABIN, $60 AND UPWARD. ACCORD- am.
ing to steamer and accommodations wfittß
selected: second.cabin, ?35 and $40; Majeitic *»u<i
Teutonic. • t-teerage Tickets . from England. Ire-
laud, Scotland, .Sweden, Norway and Denmark:
I through to San Francisco at lowest rates. Tickets,
! sailing dates and cabin plans may be procure^
| from W. 11. A VERY, Pacific Mail Dock, or at the
: General Office of the Company, 613 Market street,
under Grand Hotel.- . G. W. FLETCHER.
General Agent for Pacific Coa3t.
ROYAL MAIL STEAM PACKET COMPANY.
STEAMERS LEAVE ASPINWALL >SMQ_
fortnißhtly for the West Indies and fSttgSSf
Southampton, calling en route at . Cerbourgn,
France, and Plymouth to land passengers.
' Through bills of lading,' In connection with tha
Pacific Mail S. S. Co., issued for freight and treav
or»» to direct ports in England and Germany.
Through tickets from San Francisco to Plymouth,
Cherbourg, Southampton. First class, $195: thlr«
•liiaa, 997 60. For further particulars apply to
.VABROTT * CO., Agents,
. . - . 306 California aL
•;•: STOCKTON STEAMERS
Leave Pier No. 3, Washington St-
At 5 P. M, Dally, Except Sunday.
1 ggr Accommodations Reserved by Telephone
STKABIKK •:
T. C. ."Walkarii ■"■ ' ,T. D. Peter*.
Mary Garratt, City of Stockton. '
Telephone Main 308. Cm,'K»t; and Impt. Co.
VALLEJO, MARE ISHND, *BENICIA, PORT
COSTA AND CROCKETT.
STK. MOSTICELLO, .
Dally, except Saturday and Sunday— 10-30 A. M.
and 4 p. m. : Saturday, 12 :aO noon-
.. , Sunday— » r. v. ,-. ;
•4 P. M. only. - ' .
Lauding, Mission 1, Pier a.Interesting Report of Important Up-to-Date News Items in Alameda County
PREPARING A WELCOME
All Hay wards Extends . the
Glad Hand to the
Y. M. I.
ANOTHER GOLD BRICK FRAUD.
Mrs. Harmon Gets the Larger Part
of the Old Doctor's Prop
erty.
Oakland Office Sax Francisco Call )
90S roadway, Feb. 25. '(
All classes of citizens have taken in hand
the. matter of preparing for the Slate Coun
cil of the Young Men's Institute that con
venes in Haywards in May.
A mass-meeting of citizens was held last
night and much enthusiasm was shown.
The people realize that it will be a splen
did opportunity to let the delegates Know
what a flourishing county seat Haywards
would make, and they intend to take ad
vantage of it to the fullest extent. It is
willingly conceded that it is the duty of
all to see that Haywards upholds her char
acter of hospitality.
J. E. Crooks, the banker, has assumed
the chairmanship of the finance commit
tee, and a worthier choice could not have
been made. In addition to the various
committees already published the follow
ing gentlemen were added to the executive
and entertainment committees at last
nisrht'f meeting: A. Dekamp, James
Chandler, 11. Heed, M. Cnrvin, John
<>eary, S. Simon, George Oakes, George
Lansan, W. J. Raraage, F. R. Lemos,
\\ llham Pimental, A. V. Morgan, Dr. A.
J. Powell, H. Turner, T. F. Gray.
At the meeting $850 was promised as a
starter, and as the total amount needed is
■boot $2000 no difficulty will be anticipated
in raising the remainder when the canvass
ing committee gets to work.
"We are meeting with support on all
hands, ' said F. B. Hasson, chairman of
the executive committee to-night. "We
have been most agreeably surprised at the
manner in which everybody is starting in
to make the State meeting a success. I
am sure we shall be able to eclipse the
entertainment provided by Vallejo last
year.'
A SECOND SCHEME.
The Worthless Gold-Brick Man's Ef
forts to "Work E. H. Gale.
OAKLAND, Cal., Feb. 25.— M. G. Richie
of Napa arrived in town shortly before
noon to-day, and went to the City Hall,
here he was shown B. Thompson, alias
Charles Gordon, alias Addisorj Mills, the
gold-brck swindler. He identified the
any named man a3 the fellow who se
cured an advance of $5000 from him on a
gold brick in this city three years ago. He
at once swore to a complaint, alleging that
the defendant had been out of the State
since the offense was committed, for which
reason the statute of limitation does not
run.
" Edward H. Gale, residing at 1574 Eighth
avenue, reported to the police to-day that
almost the identical scheme was attempted
on him recently. On seeing the prisoner
he was confident that he was the man who .
had maue the advances to him. The old ■
etory of a rich mine in Arizona, an Indian I
rartner, old friend ready to divide, etc.,
was worked upon Mr. Richie when
he was taken to Piedmont three years ago
and given a (22,000 gold brick as security
for a loan of $5000, the brick being found
later to be absolutely worthless.
MAY YET BE RICH.
The Church Family Told of a Possible
Fortune.
OAKLAND, Cal., Feb. 25.— Chief Deputy
District Attorney Lincoln S. Church, Su
pervisor W. H. Church and ex-County
Recorder Rod W. Church are deeply in
terested in the New York story regarding
the alleged $40,000,000 estate of Jasper
Cronkheit, who came from Holland and
. settled in that city in early days. The
mother of these officials was a Cronkheit
and they are wondering what share of the
great fortune will fall to them when it is
distributed.
According to the story told here Jasper
Cronkheit with two brothers settled in
New York in 1750, but later he returned to
his native land and amassed a fortune in
the gin business. In his old ape he be
came lonesome and wrote his brothers to
come home, but they refused. He then
made a will directing that his weaitri
should be held by the Rank of Holland
until April ♦>, 1596, when it was to be dis
tributed to the heirs of the Cronkheits
then living. The heirs from the United
States so fat heard of number thirty-one.
THE TIDAL. CANAL.
California Legislators Deplore the Effect
of Controversy. .
OAKLAND, Cal., Feb. 25.— President M.
J. Keller of the Board of Trade, who left
for an Eastern tour last night, received
letters from Senator George C. Perkins aad
Congressman Hil^orn in regard to the
memorials sent to Washington regarding
the Oakland harbor improvements. Both
say it would be unfortunate if any conten
tion should arise between Oakland and
Alameda, because at best it is going to be
hard to get an appropriation, and it might
be made impossible if the two cities should
quarrel over the method of spending the
money. The Senator and Congressman
agree in recommending harmonious work
for an appropriation, leaving the method
of expenditure to be decided entirely by
the United States engineer in charge.
TO 15K EXAMINED TO-MORROW.
Mrs. Wllmore Arraigned on Eight
Charges of Burglary.
OAKLAND, Cai... Feb. 25.— Mrs. Ella
"Wilmore, mother of Bert Wilmore, await
ing trial for a number of burglaries, was
arraigned in the Police Court this morn
ing on the charge of receiving stolen goods.
She was represented by W. H. O'Brien,
who requested an early hearing. The
examination was set for to-morrow (Wed
nesday) afternoon at 1 o'clock.
The complaint is sworn to by Sergeant
Hodgkins of the police force and alleges
Mrs. Wilmore received $17 of the money
which her son and Abe Majors stole when
they robbed W. C. Mason's candy-store in
Berkeley, knowing it was stolen. The
court fixed bail at $2000. The original
charge of burglary placed against her was
dismissed. -•
THE HARMONS COMPROMISE.
The Wire Get* Half the Bloney, the
House and the Child. .
OAKLAND. Cal.; Feb. 25.— The family
difficulties of Dr. and Mrs. Louis C. Har
mon were settled this afternoon, when
Jud:;e rick granted Mrs. Frances E. Har
mon a divorce on the ground of cruelty,
$12,000 cash «nd the San Leandro prop
erty deeded to her five years ago by her [
husband. She had to ; pay the . fees and \
cost of litigation, amounting to $1225.
She was awarded the custody of the minor
charge, but the doctor was given permis
sion to see the child once a week without
interference from any of Mrs. Harmon's
family. The criminal charge ' against Dr.
Harmon will be dismissed upon consent
of the District Attorney.
Commodore I.lows Will.
OAKLAND, CAt., leb. 25.-Xke will of
the late W. W. Blow was tiled for probate
to-day. It was dated August 19. 1855. with
a codicil dated January 22, 1894. The
estate is devised to the widow. Mary A.
olpw, who is named as executrix. It is
valued at $27,000, and consists of $1200
worth of personal effects, including money
in bank, boathouse and boats, horse, car
riages, etc., aud real estate valued at
♦iso.oOO.
2The testator made no special provision
for his children, Alfred H. Blow and Mary
V. Blow, because they are already amply
provided for by bequests from their grand
father, "and," he adds, "i know that their
mother will do all that is necessary and
proper for their maintenance and sup
port."
Aided a Criminal.
OAKLAND, Cal., Feb. 25.— Louis Lenze,
proprietor of the Halfway House, a Ban
I<eandro road resort near Seminary ave
nue, is in the County Jail with two charges
of felony registered against him. The
offense is his refusal to allow Constable j
Weldon to search his house for John
Greenbank, who took refuge on the place
last Friday after he had hold up J. C. Sny
der and vY. H. Hamilton.
A further search for the stolen property
resulted in finding $15 in money, a pair of
gloves and a revolver. The "latter was
found under the head of Lonze's bed.
Judge Lawrence held him in $500 bail for
examination on charges of receiving stolen
property and concealing a criminal.
Ready for Another Year. B
OAKLAND, Cal., Feb. 25.— The annual
meeting of the California Improvement
Company was held this morning, when
tne following officers were elected for the
ensuing year: W. M. Rank, president; A.
H. Clough, vice-president; T. F. Scanlan,
secretary.
The California Railway Company, better
known as the Laundry Farm road, held
its annual meeting immediately after, as
its stockholders are about the same. The
old officers were re-elected as follows: E.
S. Denison, president; A. H. Clough, vice
president; W. M. Rank, secretary and
general manager.
Broach of Promise Case.
OAKLAND, Cal., Feb. 25.-T!»e breach
of promise suit of Miss Carrie Lockyear,
the pretty Berkeley belle, and Major John
F. Hayes of National Guard fame, com
menced nearly a year ago, came up in
Judge Ogden's court to-day, but the at
torneys on both sides seemed to court de
lay, and by consent the case was contin
ued until May 19. The delay, it is said, is
due to efforts that are being made to settle
the trouble between the couple out of
court so as to avoid any further scandal.
Corral Hollow Venture.
OAKLAND, Cal., Feb. 25.— The Corral
Hollow mine-owners have arranged with
the Pacific Transmission Company to
establish an electric plant of 5000 horse
power to furnish light and power to Oak
land, San Jose, Livermore. Stockton and
intermediate points. The electricity is to
be generated from the screenings and
waste coal which would not pay to ship
from the mines. The corporation has a
capital of $1,000,000, of which the coal
company holds 75 per cent of the shares
for fuel supplied and site furnished.
Steadily Running Behind.
OAKLAND, Cal., Feb. 25.— J. C. John
son, receiver of the East Oakland Street
Railroad Company, has presented an ap
plication to the Superior Court for permis
j sion to borrow $15,000 on receiver's certifi
cates of $500 at 7 per cent interest per
annum. He sets forth in his petition that
from the date he was made receiver, April
2S, 1894. to February 1. 1896, the receipts
have been $99,934 09 and the disburse
ments $112,744 54. He has previously bor
rowed $21,000.
The Macdonough.
OAKLAND, Cal., Feb. 25.— "11 Trova
j tore will be presented by the Tavary
j Company to-morrow night, with Guille,
Tavarv and Eugene in the cast. There
will be a matinee Thursday, at popular
prices. The "Bohemian Girl will be pre
sented. "Carmen" for Thursday evening,
with Thea Dorre in the title role.
A. M. Palmer's "Trilby" Company will
appear next Wednesday afternoon and
evening in two performances.
Quit the Express Business.
OAKLAND, Cal.. Feb. 25.— The Oak
land, San Leandro and Haywards Electric
road will abandon its present express
system between this city and the towns
along its route on March 1. The wagons
are beinc; sold and the company will con
fine itself strictly to carrying passengers
and mail. <
HISTORY OF A DAY.
Alameda County Happenings Told in
Krief Chapters.
Oakland Office Sax Feanctsco Call,)
IWB Broadway, Feb. 25. \
The police have not yet located William
Andrews and Reisart, the two prisoners who
escaped Friday night.
An undertaking on appeal has been filed in
the matter of the Anna L. Murphy estate, with
Adam Grant and ILL. Whipple as sureties.
Harry Miller was taken from the County
.Tail to-day to his home, 328 Boulevard avenue.
He lias about recovered from his attack of
dementia.
Henry Wilkinson, sentenced to fifteen years
and Joseph Silva to five years, were taken to
Folsom Penitentiary to-day by Deputy Sheriff
Charles White.
EL J. Thomas, the colored lad who was con
victed of an Alameda burglary, but granted a
new trial, will be brought over from San
Q'lentin to-morrow.
Another charge has been placed against
Andrew de Santos, who is alleged to have bnen
guilty of gross immoralities with the little
Peiranek girls at Alameda.
Anna K. Field was taken to Xapa Insane
Asylum yesterday by Deputy Sheriff Will
Lane. She was committed yesterday by Judge
Kllsworth from Lorin. She had been an in
mate of Agnews asylum before.
Albert Menzenmeyer was neld to answer in
ball of S&50O0 by Justice Morris of Alameda to
day on a charge of assault to commit murder.
John R. Perkins, who was shot by Menzen
nieyer, was present, and testified.
Jacob Buch, the founder of the Gospel Army,
was released to-day. Judge Wood heard the
charges preferred by tno Salvationists that
Buch had obtained "money by representing
himself to be a member of that organization.
Anton*; de Santos, who was arrested in Alu
nn;da on charges of felonious assault of young
girls, deeded his property at Santa Clara ave
nue and Bay street to-day to R. B. Tappan, the
attorney, for a named consideration of $300.
A motion to strike out the complaint In the
case of Hutton vs. the Southern Pacific Rail
road Company because the plaintiff would not
tubmit to a physical examination during the
taking of his deposition was denied to-day by
Judge Ellsworth.
A dispatch from Chicago says Rev. R. F. Par
shall, the evangelist, died last night from tne
effects of injuries received in a railroad acci
dent nine years ago. Ha lived several years
on the Pacific Coast, occupying pulpits at Sac
ramento, Oakland and Vallejo, Cal.
The owners of dogs in West Oakland are at
present In a state of disquietude. The cause
of their unpleasant predicament is due to the
presence of a "pang of dog-poisoners, who
during the past week or so have broujfht to an
end the lives of nearly thirty canines.
An investigation in relation to a piece of
property on Buena Vista Rvenue and Chopin
street. Alamedn. disclosed the fact that a judge
had by s>ome oversight lailed to sign a decree
entered November &, 1894, quieting title, bo
that ttie rteord of the decree was of no effect.
The railroad company is tearing down the
oM depot at Alameda Point, where the passen
gers used to take the boats of the narrow-
Kauge line before the pier was built. It has
been unused for ten years, and now the ma
terial is to be used for other station buildings.
Paul S. Miguel, sometimes known as Migel,
has filed a petition in insolvency. He has
been engaged, in a general tobacco and mer
chandising business in Alameda and San Ber
nardino counties. The Insolvent's liabilities
are $1870 OS. His assets amount to $939 50
and $100 exempt.
Theodore F. Painter of Alomeda has filed a
petition seeking to have J. M. Painter, oldest
brother of Jo.-ephus Painter, appointed guard
lan of the last named because of his age and
physical and mental infirmities. The petition
recites that Josephu? is G5 years old, is blind
and is mentally incompetent to handle bis
business affairs.
The Oakland Water Company has let the
contract lor the construction of their new res
ervoir on New .Broadway. W. M. Schmidt has
the job of excavation and v.-orfc will be coin*
ineiiced at ouce. J. £. Jacksou of San Fran
cisco has the contract for lining the reservoir
with aspheltum concrete, which is a great im
provement on the cement lining generally
used.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 26, 1896.
WILL BE NO SURRENDER
Many Grand Army Men Now
Express Sympathy With
Lyon Post.
OPINIONS OF DIRECTOR BLINN.
Governor Budd Is Not Sure That He
Has the Power to Make
Changes.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,)
90S Broadway, Feb. 25. \
The charges made against the Yountville
Home by Lyons Post of Oakland will be in
investigated by Governor Budd.
"I have been notified," said the Gover
nor, "of the charges made by Lyon Post of
Oakland, but i do not wish to say before
hand what I shall do in the matter, save to
Bay that I shall inquire into them. Ido
not know that I have full authority in the
matter. The honie is not a State institu
tion in the same sense that other institu
tions belong to the State."
The interest in tlie dispute bas now be
come general. Two letters were received
by members of Lyon Post to-day from in
mates of the home. Both of the writers
complain of the fact that old men are
required to work, and one says that there
is a difficulty in procuring clothing,
especially trousers and coats, and that
there is a lack of proper food. The writer
of the other letter speaks in the highest
terms of the management of General
Thompson, an>l says that the reason he
was discharged was that he insisted upon
strict business principles in the manage
ment of the tinme, and that there was no
chance for rebates in the purchase of
supplies. A complaint is also made against
the physician.
General Thompson received the follow
ing letter from a member of George H.
Thomas Post c! San Francisco to-day:
San- Fsancisco, February 24, 1896.
General D. W- C. Thompson — Deae Sib and
Comradk: I have read the interview of The
Call reporter with Blinn and also your reply.
Referring to what you say of Currier and Blinn,
I wish to inform you that there are not twenty
five members in George H. Thomas Post who
believe either Currier or Biinn would be in the
directorate of the Your.tviile Homo if they
could not tret something out of it. Neither
has ever 'devoted forty-eight hours to Grand
Army work unless they drew pay for their
services.
Blinn is a parasite. If the truth could be
brought out he has ridden the post like a bar
nacle almost from the night of his muster.
i You do not realize how distasteful he is to its
membership. For one I am disgusted at his
contemptible conduct, knowing or believing
that he is utterly out ol place in the director-
I ate of the Yountville Home, and that his allu
sions to yourself are prompted .solely by a
desire to avert attention from his record. lam
told by a director that your conduct of the
home "has been excellent, ami that he sees no
i Rood reason why your resignation should have
j been asked, but that he felt it had to come to
I enable a ring to supply a pliable character lor
the place.
Thomas Post understands these two Indi
viduals, but prefers to let things remain for the
present rather than force an issue. I think
you have the approval of a majority of G. A. K.
members. Yours truly. - ■
In the last annual report mention is
made of all the improvements carried out
during General Thompson's last year of of
fice. . Tne report concludes:
The home has now more members than ever
before, the men are all well clothed, quartered
and fed, ana are better behaved, more con
tented and healthier than at any previous
time.
More permanent improvements have been
made and larger crops produced this year by
for, for the money appropriated, thau any
previous year.
'"The matters that Director Blinn refers
to are all capable of proof," said General
Thompson to-day, "and I am glad the
Governor has taken the matter in hand.
"The report shows how 1 conducted the
home, and I want every one to know that
this is not a personal light of mine. It is
the expression of the opinions of more <;.
A. K. men than the directors are aware
of."
TROUBLE FOR SANTOS.
Another Little Girl Swears to a
Complaint AgaiDst
Him.
A Railway and Ferry Landmark Be
ing Removed— Police Court
Notes.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Feb. 25. -Another
charge has been entered against Andrew
de Santos, who is already confined in the
city jail under a charge of felonious as
sault, the complaining witness to which
is a girl by the name of Petravek, now
14 years of Rge, who claims that the
offense was committed two years ago.
The complainant in the second case is
Paulina Marjrick, a girl 11 years old,
who is a cousin of the Petraveks. The
case is an unusual one, the alleged offenses
having been committed bo long ago. The
true inwardness of the same is impossible
to make out. De Santos has transferred
his homestead on Bay street to his attor
ney.
Dividing the Busineg#.
ALAMEDA. Cal., Feb. 25.— Time out of
mind there have been hard feelings and
quarrels between the two Justices of the
Peace in Alaraeda. A short time ago
Justice Swasey sent a serious complaint to
the Municipal Board, to tbe effect that
there was a conspiracy among the police
to give all the business to Justice Morris.
The board directed that the magistrates
be treated exactly alike. The 1 board fur
ther considered the matter Monday night,
having Marshal Rogers before them, and
the result of it will be the posting of a
notice by which the police will be ordered
to divide legal business equally between
the two courts.
Landmark Passing.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Feb. 25. —Another
landmark iR to disappear. The old land
ing place of the narrow-gauge ferry line at
Alameda Point is being torn down. When
the line was first opened in 1878 and for
five or six years afterward all the traffic
was transferred from ferry-boat to car at
this landing, which necessitated a much
longer water trip up the narrow creek, and
consequently increased the time of the
trip between Alameda and San Francisco.
Finally, the railway tracks were extended
out to the mouth of the creek, makine the
ferry run about the same as on the broad
gauge. The big buildings and sheds have
remained ever since without being put to
any use. Now they will be removed. The
freight transfer is still- maintained at this
point, but that service does not necessitate
the big buildings that were erected for the
accommodation of passengers.
A Summons Brings Response.-
ALAMEDA, Cal., Feb. 25. — Cbarles
Keller, who is trying to get a divorce from
his wife, having obtained lesnl service by
publication in the absence of knowledge
of her whereabouts, has heard from her.
The Dublicity given the case attracted her
attention, and she has retained^ an attor
ney to contest the case. Tnis attorney
has compiaiaed, on behalf of bis client, of
the publicity that the case has attained.
Keller hnd not before for three years heard
of Mrs. Keller's whereabouts.
Penso-l'ettes Marriage.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Feb. 25. — Joseph
Penso and Miss Maud Pettes were married
in San Francisco last Friday night by Key.
John Hemphill. Tbe young people are
well known in Alameda, and the marriage
is something of a surprise.
A NKW RAILROAD.
The Oakland and Livermore Company
FilfH Jt9 Articles.
OAKLAND, Cal., Feb. 25.— The Oak
land and Livermore Valley road tiled arti
cles of incorporation to-day. The incor
porators are: E. P. Vandercook, George
D. xMctcalf, Jl. H. Pitcher, A. D. Wilson
and Rod W. Church. The capital stock is
$3,000,000, divided into 300,000 shares at
$10 each. The stock actually subscribed is
$45,000, divided as follows: E. P. Vander
cook, 43,000 shares; G. D. Metcalf, 50
shares; A. D. Wilson, 50 shares; H. H.
Pitcher, 50 shares; Rod W, Church, 50
shares.
The purposes for which this corporation
is formed are to build and operate a standard
or narrowlgauge railroad, to be operated
by electricity, cable or steam ; to construct,
purchase and operate telegraph and tele
phone lines in connection with said road;
to build, charter, own and operate steam
ferry-boats and sailing vessels.
The intention of the incorporators is to
build a line beginning near the limits of
this city on the east, and then running
easterly and southerly by the most con
venient, feasiole and obtainable route in
the county of Alameda to a point at or
near the town of Livermore in said county
of Alameda, thence in a southerly direc
tion to the boundary line between the
counties of Alameda and San Joaquin, with
immediate brunches to such towns or vil
lages adjacent to said route as may be
deemed advisable by the corporation. The
total lengtb of the road as estimated is
forty-five mil<s. The i>rincipal place of
business of the company will be Oakland.
WANT TWO-YEAR TERMS
It Is Declared That the Supreme
Court Has Again Decided
the Point.
The Only Hope of Restoring Confi
dence Is by an Election in
November.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
90S Broadway, Feb. 25. f
The opinion published in The Call a
few days ago, which it was claimed defin
itely declared against four-year terms for
county officers and the opinion rendered
to-day regarding the primary election law,
are accepted by lawyers as conclusive that
the Supreme Court will declare in favor of
two-year terms when the matter is placed
before them. i '•. :
The language of the opinion is exactly
the same in both cases. It declares that
j legislation in favor of any particular class
!of counties is "special and local" and
therefore unconstitutional. The court also
says that although only one be affected by
an act it is still invalid. This seems to be
particularly applicable to the four-year
clause as it affects every county but Fresno.
County ClerK Jordan says he feels secure
for a four-year' term. There has been no
case yet before the Supreme Court where
the issues are definite on the question. In
conversation to-day Mr. Jordan said:
"There is only one case where the matter
is involved and that is in a Fresno case
which has not yet reached the highest
court. When this can get to the Supreme
Court the issue will be raised. So far as I
am personally concerned I feel that the
people of this county elected me to serve
four years and 1 went into office, with that
understanding." .
The idea that the four-year term has
been knocked out is received with general
favor in this county. There have been so
many scandals connected with some of the
offices that the only way to create a feeling
of security is to test the question of the
incumbents' fitness by letting them go
again before the voters.
PALO IS DEAD.'
lie Was the Mascot of Hay-wards'
Footballers.
HAYWARDS, Cai.., Feb. 25.— The dog
poisoner has appeared in Ha} wards and
all the town would like to meet him. The
last evidence of his work was the poison
ing of Palo. Palo was the mascot of the
11 ay wards football teum and is credited
with being one of the luckiest ones ever
carried on a gridiron. In all the matches
with Centerville, Decoto and Niles Palo
has been the presiding genius and his
presence has inspired the kickers with suf
ticient courage to enable them to win with
big margins.
Yesterday morning Palo was found dead
and there was mourning in the land. He
was a general favorite with all who knew
j him and he was acquainted with every
body. An an to was held and Palo's
stomach contained a mixture of drugs any
one of which would have quenched the
vital spark.
When Palo again mascots the Hay
wards football team he will be stuffed with
stuflw and wire and the betting is even as
to whether a living or a dead mascot cx
i ercises most influence for goals and points.
THREE WEEKS MARRIED.
M. E. Oliver Separated From His
Wife by His Mother
iii-Law.
She Drove Him Out of the House and
Kept Possession of His Clothes
and Tools.
M. E. Oliver, a erainer, is experiencing
the baneful effects of a mother-in-law'? in
terference in his domestic affairs. He is
now without his young wife and his
clothes and tools, and he has asked the
help of the police to secure the latter.
He has been living in the house of Mrs.
Brady, 143 Minna street, and won the af
fections of her daughter Rosie. They
agreed to get married secretly, and ac
cordingly on February 3 Oliver procured a
marriage license and they were made man
and wife by Rev. J. Fuendling. Oliver is
35 years of ' age, and he gave Roiie's a^e
as 19.
Mrs. Bradv remained in ignorance of the
marriage till a few days ago. Then she
opened out upon Oliver for daring to marry
Rosie, who is only 17 years of age, and he
a divorced man. She insisted that he take
immediate steps to annul the marriage and
pay the necessary expenses. Oliver de
murred to the whole proposition, but
finally consented to the annulment of the
marriage, declining, however, to bear the
cost,
Mrs. Brady drove him out of the house
without giving him time to remove his
clothes and tools. He went back on Mon
day and attempted to recover them, but
without success. Yesterday morning he
procured a search warrant in Judge Jo
achirnsen's court and was able to gain pos
session of his effects. But he ia still with
out his youthful bride.
LEACH REFUSES TO TALK
Governor Budd Invites the Jour
nalistic Director to
Criticize.
THE INVITATION ACCEPTED.
The Old Official Will Not Say Whether
or Not He Will Resign His
Position.
Oakland Office San Fbasghod Call,)
908 Broadway, Feb. 2.3. \
The interest in the Blind Home director
ate now centers about Frank A. Leach of
this city, the only remaining director not
removed by Governor Budd. It was re
ported last night that Mr. Leach had de
cided to resign. When asked abont it to
night, Director Leach said he could not
affirm or deny the statement.
"I do not think it proper for me to say
anything about the affairs of the home,"
he said, "and I decline absolutely to say
anything about Colonel Irish, Governor
Budd or any one else."
Governor Budd was asked this afternoon
as to whether or not he would dispense
with the services of Mr. Leacn. He re
plied:
"Mr. Leach tendered his resignation
either during the latter portion of Mr.
Markham's term or the earlier portion of
mine, and I asked him to withdraw it.
He is a Republican, 'but I will be pleased
to have him on the board if he desires to
remain. He is the editor of a Republican
newspaper and if there be anything
crooked in the management of the insti
tution he will have the opportunity of ob
serving and publishing; it to the world. 1
shall be pleased to have his criticism of
the institution as it goes along. There is
nothing to conceal."
Director Leach evidently "pleases" to
criticize, and although he refused to ex
press a verbal opinion his newspaper to
night contained the following editorial :
The worst thing about the recent change in
the superintendency of the Industrial Home
"for the Adult Wind is the humbug with which
it is sought to cover it up. Superintendent Han
dera was put out and Superintendent Hays put
in because it was a supposed necessity to find
a place for Hays, and the manly thing would
have been to say so publicly. In private con
versations which preceded the recent overturn
there seems to have been no concealment of
the real;purpose. While talking confidentially
none of the powers that bethought It neces
sary to cr.ll a spude anything but a spade, and
it would have been to their credit if they had
displayed the same candor in their public com
munications. There is a worse offense in pub
lic officials than sjoils politics, and its name is
humbug. To go before the people with a pre
tense that a certain movement is for reform,
when it is intended primarily for somebody's
private advantage, is a falsehood. To assign
one reason in private and another in public
lor a given act is hypocrisy and cowardice,
compared with which the frauk avowal of
spoils principles by a political boss is almost
respectable.
And yet, what Colonel Irish calls the "pot
housing" of the Home for the Adult Blind is
deplorable enough in itself. It is the culmi
nation ot efforts which have been in progress
through several administrations of the btate
Government, but have never succeeded until
now. The home has been conducted as a busi
ness establishment would be, ignoring polities;
officials have neither been put out or put in
because they belonged to one party or the
Other; Republicans have voted to retain Demo
cr.'itic dflice-holdcrs, and vice versa. All the
while the politicians huve resented this imin
ner of running the home, and from time to
time they have made desperate grabs to get
control. They were rebuffed repeatedly, but at
last they have succeeded, and the pity of it is
that they should have succeeded through a
board of directors whose new members are all
reputable gentlemen. The policy ot the insti
tution hns been reversed, and in the long run
the change cannot fail to be for the. worse.
Superintendent Jack Hays was seen to
night. He would only say he had not
seen Colonel Irish since the latter returned
from Washington, except at one board
meetinir, and at that time. the colonel and
the superintendent did not exchange a
single word.
DR. LE CONTE'S BIRTHDAY
The Patriarch of Geology at the
University Is Seventy-
Three.
He Brings Out a New Edition of His
"Elements" — Liquor Cases.
Town Trustees.
BERKELEY, Cal., Feb. 25.— Dr. Joseph
le Conte, the venerable patriarch of the
geological science at the University of Cal-
Joseph Le Conte.
[Drawn from a photograph.]
ifornia, will celebrate his seventy-third
birthday to-morrow. To commemorate
the day of his birth he will give his usual
lecture to the geology Bection at 11:15 a. m.
This lecture will be another link added
to the unbroken chain of addresses he has
given to his classes for the past seven
years, it being a fact that he has not
missed a single period for daily recita
tions since March, 1889. In August it will
be twenty-seven years since he took up
his work for the State University, having
been one of its first professors. He took
the chair of the geological departmental
the time of its organization aud has held
it ever since. It was forty-four years last
month since he began teaching the sci
ence.
His first experience as a professor was at
the Oglethorpe University in Georgia,
where be remained for only a short time.
After leavinc there he went to the Uni
versity of Georgia, where he remained
until called to take up the work at the
University of California. Dr. Le Conte is
as hale and hearty to-day -as he was ten
years ago, and his step as he walks across
the campus is as quick and steady as ever.
When called upon this afternoon he was
found deeply engaged in preparing his
birthday lecture on "The Structure of
Mountains." Upon being asiced. what
works he has been lately engaged in pro
ducing, he said:
"It was ju?t last week that I sent to the
publishers the material for the new edi
tion of my 'Elements of Geology.' Tha
geological science is rapidly progressing,
and if I do not bring out a new edition of
my work I will fall behind the times.
Have been at work on it for about a year,
and now that it is off to the publishers I
feel much of a relief. It will be out during
the summer, or perhaps late in the spring.
"My work on ' Light' or 'The Principles
of Vision' will be the next to appear. Am
now awaiting orders from the publishers
to go ahead with it. About half of this
work 13 wholly original. There are some
other things which 1 would likfl to bring
out, but do not seem to have the time to
do so. 1 have on hand at the present time
enough miscellaneous scientific and phil
osophical essays and papers to make four
or five large vulumes. I may write out
my lectures on comparative geology— l
feel that 1 ought to do so.
"A nother thing I hope to do soon, also,
and that is to publish another work on
"Evolution"— a continuation of my last."
w hen asked whether his ideas
with regard to the principles of evo
lution had changed since writing his last
work on it, Dr. Le Come said:
"No. not by a considerable difference.
If any thin-, my ideas on the subject have
been greatly strengthened by later study
and investigation. I shall not seriously
modify anything I have suid in the former
work."
Regarding the statements made con
cerning his intentions of giving up part of
his wort at the university, Dr. Le Come
said :
"I have no intention whatever of giving
up my lecture work in geology, but it may
be that next year I will lessen my under
graduate instruction and give more atten
tion to post-graduate students."
Town Trustees.
BERKELEY, Cat... Feb. 25.— A petition
was presented to the Town Trustees last
night asking that another special election
be called to secure bonds for $^0,000 for
school purposes. The petition bore the
signatures "of about .300 Berkeleyans. It
was tiled without action.
The Trustees passed to print the ordi
nance fixine water rates and decided to
hold an aojourned meeting on Friday
evening to finally pass that ordinance.
A. report was made by Trustee Hoff of
the Electric-light Committee that the
Electric-lighting Company is not comply
ing with its agreement to place all lights
in brackets in the middle uf the streets.
Town Clerk Hanscom was instructed to
notify the company to carry out its con
tract.
Contractor John Corbett was granted a
release from his obligation to enter into
a contract to lay a sidewalk on Jones
street. Mr. Corbett stated that H. W.
Carpentier, the principal property-owner
on the line of the proposed improvements,
had decided to refuse to pay any assess
ments, and would cause a long and expen
sive legal contest, which Corbett desired
to avoid. All proceedings in the matter
were rescinded.
The LJqnor Cases.
BERKELEY, Cal., Feb. 2-s.— Town At
torney Hayne is making efforts to brinp
the case of Fred Fonzo, who is charged
with storing liquor without a license, he
fore Judge Greene of Oakland. Fonzo was
convicted in Berkeley and has appealed.
The caee is similar to that of Strieker, in
deciding which Judge Frick of Oakland
declared the ordinance under which the
charges were brought to be invalid. Sev
eral points urged by Strieker and Fonzo's
attorney, M. C. Chapman, were not touched
by Judge Frick, whose decision was not a
written one, among ttiem being the ques
tion as to the validity of the Berkeley Jus
tice courts.
If Judge Greene refuses to hear the case
of Fonzo the Berkeley Town Trustees will
accept the defeat and pass a new liquor
ordinance.
A Driver Injured.
BERKELEY, Cal., Feb. 25.— Elmer E.
Toby met with a painful accident while
driving a trotting stallion on San Pablo
avenue last night. The animal stumbled
over a rock and so joked the buggy that
Toby was thrown to the ground. He en
deavored to rise and secure the horse, but
found that his left ankle was broken. The
horse dashed madiy away in tne direction
of Oakland, and was not recovered for
some hours. The injured man was taken
to the liquor-store of L. Strange, where
Dr. Eastman set the broken ankle.
lilue and Gold Kloction.
BERKELEY, Cat.., Feb. 25.— The soph
omores at tne university held their blue
and gold election to-day. Hector was
elected editor by a majority of three votes
over his opponents, and Baker v.as chosen
business manager. The poll system was
used so as to permit of a large ballot be in*:
cat.t. For editor the total rote cast was
HOT, and for business manager 247. The
election throughout was a quiet one.
THE PEOPLE'S PARTY.
Thirty - First Assembly District Club
Affirms Its Loyalty to the
Principles.
Pursuant to the call ol the organizing
committee of the People's party, ninety
six voters of the Thirty-first Assembly
District met at Trades' building, 1151 Mis
sion street, and signed the roll of the
People's patty. U. A. Lewis called the
meeting to order and the club was formed
forthwith.
George D. Gillespie was unanimously
chosen as chairman of the club and C. P.
Peck secretary and treasurer.
After appointing captains for the sev
eral precincts and transacting other rou
tine work the following; resolutions, pre
sented by George D. Uiiiespie, wore unan
imously adopted:
Resolved, That we, the members of the Peo
ple's party Thkty-lirst Assembly District C:ub,
do here and now reaffirm our unswerving al
legiance to the People's party National, fcftate
■and municipal principles of government
Jitsohcd, further, lhat we are unalterably
opposed to fusion in all of its ramification:-.
And wnereas, There has Iftteiy been consid
erable discussion upon the necessity for s. non
partisan movement in the City of San r:an
cisco for the cusum? municipal campaign of
1806.
Reaolved, That we are opposed toany member
of the People's party aiding financially or
abetting in any manner of whatxicver iiaine
or nature such non-partisan movement as is
destined to discourage the efficacious organiz
ation of the People's party in this City, which
must of necessity result in an injury to our
party, not only in obtaining speedy control of
the municipal government of this City, but
the apparent lack of unity among Populists in
local affairs will lose mnny votes for our Na
tional ticket, aad bo it further
Resolved, That we desire to place ourselves
on record as opposing any non-partisan scheme
as one calculated to deceive the credulous
voter. We make this assertion upon the hy
pothesis that no man ever did or can rise one
iota above his party in the aggregate, and for
such person or penooa to withdraw them
selves fron their several parties upon the as
sumption mat they are more honest,
patriotic or better qualified to guarantee to
the citizen a clean, honest nnd efficient admin
istration of the municipal affans by calling
themselves "Nou-Partisun party," which in
itself is an enigma and a travesty upon party
discipline, and is, to say tne least, tbsuril
and egotistic, and places the responsibiii'.v
entirely upoa the shoulders of Individuals
who have no party ties and no party to dts
rupt by their acts it they be bad, whicn, in our
. opinion, is in contradiction to ail the perma
nent political evolution of the pfist age*. We
believe that all permanent political progress
in municipal self-government, as well aa State
and National government, must be the result
of certain lurrdamental principles, which
take root primordial, commencing with
the common people in each precinct
and extending through all the
phases of society and political subdi
vision until it has sanctified ..the er
mine of the bench and seized upon 'the dig
nltied positions (j^ Congress and the chief ex
ecutive of the Nation. And this can only be
done by a National party crystallized by the
unification of its membership witn principles
so clear that even the wayfaring man can see
through them, and yet so solid that the finan
cial wolves of the world can hurl themselves
to death against the bland and placid dogmas
without leaving a single mar or blemish upon
the crystal trutn of its face.
The meeting then adjourned for one
week.
Judge Beatty Has Gone Home.
Judge Beatty, who has been presiding in the
United States-courts of this district during the
last term, leit for his home in Idaho yesterday.
CONTRACTS IN JEOPARDY
The Building of the New Union
Depot Ferry at a
Standstill.
BATEMAN BROS.' TEST CASE.
State Controller Refuses to Allow a
Demand Granted by Harbor
Commissioners.
John C. Baternan and Michael Bateman,
through their attorney?, Sullivan & Sulli
van, have petitioned the Supreme Court
for a writ cf mandate compelling E. J.
Coglan, Staie Controller, to allow their
demand for $.53 due for work upon the new
union ferry depot.
The Supreme Court has taken original
jurisdiction in the case and has granted an
alternative writ, returnable March 2.
The amount in itself, although insig
nificant, bears directly on the entire
!ff>oo,ooo of contract value invested in the
construction of the new building, and it
will serve as a test of the validity of all
contracts awarded by the Board of Harbor
Commissioners.
I'ateman Bros, secured the' contract for
plastering and glazing for $48,400. They
performed service to the value if $44. and
demanding payment for this amount they
were allowed by the Commissioners ac
cording to the special statute governing
the commission in such cases, $33, or 75
per cent of the entire amount.
The State Controller, however, refused
to allow their claim, on the ground that
the statute heretofoYu governing the com
mission had been repealed by amend
ments made subsequent to the enactment
of the law. The Kisdon Iron Works has a
contract of ?18S,000 for the erection of steel
trusses and supports in, the structure, but
owing to the uncertainty of the validity of
tiie contract, it has refused to begin work
or sign for work with Eastern firrus.
J. F. Sullivan of the firm of Sullivan &
Sullivan said last evening:
It is claimed by the Attorney-General that
the matter of inviting propo3uls and awarding
contracts has bfcn changed by virtue of
amendments to the general law governing tho
manner of the erection of public buildings.
The general law was passed in lSTtt, and the
amendments to it were passed, one in 1891
and the other in ]895.
Between the plan of inviting proposals
under the special law of the Harbor Commis
sioners and the plan laid down in the general
public buildings law there are essential differ
ences.
In the awarding of public contracts it \g an
established principle that the mode of pro
cedure pointed out by tiio statute governing
in such matters must be followed. The Harbor
Commissioners have followed the special
Btatntes heretofore regarded as governing
them. It is claimed that their course is cou
trary to the general j a w, for the reason as
serted by the Attorney-Cieneral — they have
acted under the wrong statute.
If the position of the Attorney-General be
correct the contract awarded to the Bateraau
Bros, and the other contracts involved in the
construction' of the $t>OO,<X)O improvement
are invalid, and the small demand of the Bate
man Bros, on account of their $48,400 con
tract, if invalid, will in the determination of
that question involve the validity of all the
contracts.
The case is of paramount Importance, and
the Supreme Court has undertaken the hear
ing of the case by the solicitation of Governor
Budd, the Attorney-Geueral, the Harbor Com
missioners and our clients.
MENDEL ESBERG'S ESTATE
Several Charitable Bequests Men
tioned in the Will of
Deceased.
The Remainder of His Property Left
to His Widow and His
Children.
The will of Mendel Esberg, who until
his death was a partner in the linn of Es
berg, Bachman & Co., was filed for probate
yesterday. He left an estate which, in the
petition for probate, is indefinitely esti
mated at over $10,000, but it is certain that
it will reach over half a million.
The house and grounds at Buchanan
street and Pacific avenue were left to the
testator's wife, together with her half of
the community property. To his children,
Alfred 1., Henry, Milton H., Justin and
Bdith, he leaves the remaining half of hia
estate, it to be distributed to them when
the youngest shall have reached the age of
25. In the meantime they n:ay each draw
$i? 5,000 if it be deemed necessary.
To the Pacific Hebrew Orphan Asylum
and Home Society is left $500; to the
Protestant Orphan Asylum $500; to the
Archbishop, to be paid to tlie Catholic
Orphan Asylum as he may direct, $500;
to the Eureka Benevolent Society $500;
to the First Hebrew Benevolent Society
$.500; and to tne Isjraelitischer Frauen
Verein $250.
The testator directs that his widow,
Matilda Esberg, be appointed executor
with full power and without bonds, and if
she needs assistance he suggests that the
sons and his friend Albert W. Scholia
assist her. He directs further that, if the
surviving partner consents, his interest in
the firm of Esberg, Bachman <fc Co. remain
there, so that the business of the firm may
be conducted without interruption.
The will is dated April 15. Ih9o, and ia
witnessed by Mayer Weiland and Joseph
Naphtaly.
Many eyes supposed to be black are only
a deep orange brown.
NEW TO-DAY.
Professor
Charles Fauvel, M. D.,
the noted Specialist of France,
WRITES OF
THE IDEAL TONIC:
"I use it for my family, and
prescribed it for over 20 years
with unvarying satisfaction to
myself and patients.*'
I Mailed Free. | _ .
I Descriptive Book with Testimony and "j
I Portraits j
I OP NOTED CELEBRITIES. |
Beneficial and Agreeable. -
Every Test Proves Reputation.
ATOld Snbstltntlons. Ask for*Tln Marlaai.*
. At Druggists »nd Fancy Grocers.
MARIANI & CO.,
PAKii : 41 Bd. H«Mn.»D. 62 W. 15th3t., ITswTsrk.
Lassos: 239 Oxford SumU .
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
625keaE.\TST. Established
kin for the treatment of Private
' Diseases. Lost Manhood. Debility or
| dlseaso wearing on body and mind and
I Skin IMseases l'hedoctorcureswhen
others fall. - Try him. Charges low.
Curpa|;iiarai!l<-rd. Callorwrite.
Br.^f.«jaB9», Box l»s7.BaaFrwiclsc£
1314
HOTEL AREIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
W Peterson. San Diego V B Kelly, Cripple Creek
JI T Edwards&wf.Boston Mr Butler A wf. N \
Miss M Butler. N V W Lane, Salinas
F 1 Brown. Sacramento D L llaywards, Minn
P Q Berry. Fresno W C Conroy. Auburn
T Weir Petaluma W C liooit, Santa Rosa
j B Hughes, Boston BT Hughes. Boston
Mrs.Mayson.NY Miss May son N V
W 1 Morse NY W CoughranAw.stJi Rosa
t J Cahii, San Martin J Well. Sacramento
L<; Hare * wf. Salinas A C llnwon, Woodland
F Cushmg, N V F. P CanOO, N J
J Majcu're, Elizabeth.X J J R ElaonAwf, Magnolia
J Harper A wf. ArcaM .1 I'riest t t wf, Cal
J (iarwood. SlOCSton Mrs Myers, Pasadena
Q W Brown, Seattle •' M Lively, l' Townsend
J E Toupan, Tacoma Mrs I, H Orifiith, Seattle
(ieo Mayscu, Sacramento Miss Ella Davis, L Angles
Miss Emma Davis, al Miss Emma Ross, Cal
Mrs M Morns, Oregon Miss Morris, Oregon
M C Osborne, 8 Cm A Noilson. Sacramento
TII (ieorge, Alaska J Bampre <fi w, Alameda
■\V Lane, Halraas A Docking, Santa Clara
Mrs H H Knai>p, Napa Mrs I' Fox. Mich
i Fox. Mich T X Rlsker <t son, Napa
Mrs M E lioorer, Cal Misses Hooper, Cal
\V 1> McKinney, Cal W «> Baney, MoutK-ello
s Humphrey. Winters Mrs 8 M Donnell, Cal
D Hiiig:iis, Sacramento Mrs Parker, San Jose
W M Mills. Seattle c< E Gardner, Pasadena
Mrs F Bartlett. Cal Miss Beech. Tacoma
W H I'oitler, Kansas 1. Weber, Denver
ji 1 I'arkhurst, Portland C E Holt, Stockton
LICK HOUSE.
B P Lewis, Sacto 1 M Taylor. Nevada City 1
11 s Mvers. I'a Miss Lucy Myers, Pa
1" V Potter i w. R I .1 Glaaaon. t^rass Valley
C M Jackson, Stockton E Dyer, Stockton
M Hanly. Nevada City X F Allen, Oakland
X V Saonders, Oakland s Mai grave, s;a Barbara
J F Lewis A w, Chicago A C l.mekin, Jackson
»■ 1, W "eidler, Portland C E Warrens. Portland
.1 C Abbott. Portland W R ( aruthers. Sta Rosa
J F BarfieM, Sta Cruz J J McKinnon, Sacto
J P Meux. Fresno M Iseinan, Visalia
\v Tomkins, .lr. N V W T Searlnft N V
1 P Purser, Healdsbnrg w H McKinzie. s Jose
MnM May. San Jos.' ECane, Brooklyn
Mrs E C w'hetler. N V J.l Kline, shreveport, La
» hneider, Col Park R E Moody A wf. Oregou
A Kiuimgart, Ariz 1' M Miller. Fresno
C steel; bergh. Cal C C ('ran.', l:il
G D Allman. Cazadero C W Gaffney, Montana
t C Ca.lwal.ider, Reno CL On num. Stockton
R H B. amer. Woo<iland S J Blake, Los Angeles
.1 1 Denney, l.ns Angeles F 8 Mcßride, San .lose
.1 Keating. Oakland M 'l' Corcoran, Sacto
M F Black A w, Los Ang
BUSS HOtTSE.
.1 M showers. Los GatOS J Wangamnn, Watsonvle
i: .1 Nolan. WatsionviHe B Weller, Los Angalea
j) < Fisher, Windsor E McCracKen&w.OU City
j Riley, Pot M;<s McCracken, Oil City
A l.i'ssi. Siov-kton H McCracken, Oil City
C Holler <t wf. San Jose T Rodgers <t wf. Oil City
L Dean, Reno Mrs N Depew, Sacto
ti W-'lister. San Miguel A Raden. Portland
T Eustace, Portland J H P»rker, Portland
C Muckle, st Helens, Or Mrs D Swesiess, Oregon
Mrs m Oeorge, Oregon R Guerado, Port Angeles
son. Centerville J Coughell, Centerville
W J Hammill, Tomales F s ott & wf. Sacto
t Trimmlngham, sunol C McMaln, <olusa
Mrs Jennings, Bed Blurt' G Grating, Santa Cnu
W Jennings, Ked B!uff F W Young, Santa. Cruz
J B Harris. Wluatland M Farr. Wheatland
H Hart, l os Angeles B F Biddings, Los Ang
E .1 Bearoe. CalifornU X H Mills. Sehast*pol
B L Lir;le. Eureka H SfcCabe, Brent wood
W H Harris. Madcra Mr> Lawrence, Cal
g w <'utier. s; Pan! L Uoering, Stockton
i'\ Moertng, Stockton B W" Turner, Oregon
W McDonald, Deadwood J V Hughes, Liverpool
Baldwin hotel.
F A l.yon. Sac .1 <_■ Harding, Petaluma
A Rerchis, Oakland W Ran-iin. Los Gatos
Dr Emerson, Centerville 8 Fairfleld, Alameda
1 Savage, N V Miss Hlankenship.stLuis
P J Kennedy, Cal H Wiiiat, Cal
E E Parm lee, N V W Mlncli * w, Baltimore
L Speyw A« . 8 IMego Mis^ Speyer, san Diego
Miss Czarwinsky 8 Diego M D Nell, Valleio
J Bnmptarey, Spokane J H Frank. Mass
J Bchweyer A w.i hicago 8 CKnherts. Chicago
bompson, N V .1 Zetaung, Denver
B Goodman, Dixon ( Kockeli, Ohio
N E Hi Us. N V s E Wiihoit, Stockton
PALACE HOTEL.
G X Barnes. Chicago Mrs < raw ford, St Paul
W Harris, N V U HinsdUe, Stanford
O I Kat.lll. Stanford A McLeod, Bakerstield
J P Xl tz, st 1 ouis C B .Mitchell, N V
J Proctor, Plai erville L Rodjrers, Salinas
A Walnwright, Cal C F Adams, Portland
< I _. K.w, Santa Barbara c \\ Gates, Los Angeles
J C Lyon, Baltimore T Dornan. Baltimore
H E I'arkhurst. Portland X Hennesy Portland
C J Titus .t v. W ' Peyton, Santa (.'ruz
Col Trevelyan, Fresno C Waldron. Santa Cruz
W P Gardener. Los Angs Mr« Cadwallder, San.lose
M:ss Ji (:i.iua!;der,SJose Miss X Cadwallder,^Jose
N Bowdeu, san Jose
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
P. Flint * w. Portland W s Sheilds. sacto
C C Buckett. Kokomo L Cooper. Stockton
Mrs Mim\<. Snta li«»rbara M W Halm, I'ortland
J P Mylar, Bakeraflttld G Baj 1 es, salem
H K.^sl-r. nta V W Smith, Portland
W Johnson. lioston C Coleman. Detroit
P Uansen, Chicago
President Crespo of Venezuela has the
advantage of an intimate personal ac
quaintance with the geography and physi
cal pecharities of the Venezuela-Guiana
country. He was born and brought up in
the Orinoco Valley, is of mixed Spanish
and Indian parentage, and has the light
ing qualities of both races.
SAN FRANCISJO "CALL."
BUSINESS OFFICE of the san Francisco Cali^
710 Market street, open until 12 o'clock every
night in the year.
KKanch oi kices-530 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
339 Hayes street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
713 Larkinstreet, open until 9:30 o'clock.
SW. corner Sixteenth and Mission streets, ODen
Until 9 o'clock.
2518 Mission street, open until 9 o'clock.
116 Ninth street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
NOTICK OF iIJiETJ>«!j.
fr~S* MISSION LODGE NO~i69~~F~'~~i»
"■^ and A. M.— Called meeting this A
(WEDNESDAY) EVENING, at 7-30^2?
o'clock. Third degree. By order o f the \V. / *V r \
M- C. D. B UN K E R, Secretary.
f£^S=» EXCELSIOR LODGE NO. 166, F. m
I*-*' and A. M. Special «t!ns THIS £% I
(WEDNESDAY) EVENING. February 26,'tf Jf
at 7:30 o'clock. Third degree. 7V>
THEO. E. SMITH, Secretary. \
V£sS= MORSE LODGE NO. 257. I. rtlM K|f | . ri i
££-£' O. O. F. - Initiation THls^«ta|^i
(WEDNESDAY) EVENING. Febru-^^|SS^?
ary 26. AH members are requested to s 'Wlv*"
be present. Visitors cordially invited.
C Brixp. Bee Sec CHAB.H. FICKE, N.G. i
JKS 31 GOLDEN GATE LODGE NO. 8, .«HOy>
l-t-*^ a. 0. U. W.— To the Funeral Delega-^?^: '
tion: You are hereby notified io assembleK:?:^ j
In your lodperoom on this day (WKDXES- tt^jfS> !
DAY) at 1 p. m.. to attend the funeral of our late ;
brother. J. H. HKSKKTH. and thence to Mount '
Calvary Cemetery. By order of
M. GLENN AN, Master Workman.
S. J. Levy. Recorder.
Bt^sf PIONEERS— MEM- . " rrTjTrTii ~
of California Pioneers urV
(Wednesday), Feb. 'J*j, at —^Op^HTjriO
11 a., m. for the purpose of **** •■fc^a^ mm
attending the funeral of our late member, JOHN '
L. HUNT. JOHN F. PINKHAM. Marshal. ]
t3> TO THE IRI.-iH PEOPLE OF ~ !
Or-»" San Francisco— Hon. JOHN F. t»/Stf
FINEHTY of Chicago, one of the most *Kr±
loquent and patriotic speakers in the .»J3&
United States, and a life-long advocate of " J^"^
Irish nationality, will deliver the oration on the >
4th of March in Metropolitan Temple on the anni-
versary celebration 01 the birth of ROBERT '
F. M M El.
Your earnest co-operation is requested in order
to make the celebration worthy of him who sleeps
in a nameless grave, where nature alone spreads
above him her verdant covering. /
The distinguished abilities of JOHN F. FIN- \
ER TV should be an assurance of a magnificent
d. monstration of Irish patriotism on that occasion. '
Fraternal lv.
KNIGHTS OF THE RED BRANCH. !
CX-S 3 THE 11STH ANNIVERSARY OF > '
•fr-^ the birth of Robert Emmet will he /*
celebrated on March 4 by a grand musical <£S#A
and literary entertainment under the aus-^«^
pices of the Knights of the Red Branch at Metro-
politan Temple. HO V. M. M. fcSTEE, chairman.
Oration by HON. JOHN F. FINtiRTY of (hi- 1
caco. Reserved seats can be secured at Deasy '
Bros.' new store. 20 Sixth St., near Market.
ir-5= THE THIRTY-FOURTH ASSEMBLY !
a^*f_ District Central Republican Club will meet
10-NDJHi in Native Sons' Hall, Seventeenth St., I
between Valencia and Guerrero.
';■■:„"-;■■ , F. J. HURST, President.
E. \V. KrsTiCK, Secretary.
r^ ANNLA!. MEETING=THE ANNUAL
»- 1^ meeting of the San Francisco Port Society
will be held To-DaY, Feb. 26, at 3:3'J p. it., at the
Mariners' Church.
IrS% CI HOI ' NOTICE-OFFICE OF i
&-*; LaCandelaria Mining Company, San Fran- 1
cisco, California, January 31, 1896— In -accordance
with a resolution adopted at a meeting of the Hoard
of Trustees of La » :in<l.-i; ia Mining Company held
this da] a special meeting of the stockholders of i
said company is hereby called to be held at the I
oflice of said company, at 630 California street
ban Francisco, California, room 60, the principal
place of business of said corporation, and the build-
ing where its Board of Trustees meet, on Tl 1 S-
DA the 7th day of April, 1896, at the hour of '10
o'clock A. M.
The object of said meeting is to take into con-
sideration and decide upon the proposition to in-
crease the capital stock of said company from two
million six hundred and eighty-eight thousand
dollars ($2,688,000), divided into twenty-six hun-
dred and eighty-eight (2688) shares or one thousand
($1000) dollars each, the present capital stock of
said company, to thirteen million four hundred
and forty thousand dollars ($13,440,000), to be
divided into two hundred and sixty-eight thousand
tight hundred (268,800) shares of fifty dollars
($5O) each. By order of the Board of Trustees.
. ■ GEORGE A. HILL. Secretary.
Ct^g=* ANNUAL MEEMIXG-THE REGULAR
D^^ annual meeting 01 stockholders of the West-
ern Beet Sugar Company will be held the office
of the comnanv, 327 Market street. San Francisco,
• Cal., on MONDAY, the 2d day of Mnrdh, 1896, at
the hour of 11 o'clock a. m., for the purpose of
electing a Board of Directors to serve for the en-
suing year and the transaction of such other busi-
ness as may come before the meeting.
Transfer books will close on Saturday, February
29, 1886, at 12 o'clock m. .
• . E. H. SHELDON, Secretary.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
FOR $4;
l£Z& collections mr.de, city -or country. 1 Pacific
Collection Co., 416 Montgy st., room 6. el. 5580.
■p-75= YOUNG BUSINESSMAN RETURNING
sf-* s^ to Europe will accent commissions. Address
.L H., box 10, Call Office.
WINDOWS clTeankd AND floors
tk>& scrubbed' reasonable rates: payment. for
cinmaces guaranteed. C. ROSSI & CO.. 242 Sutter.
Dtr^P XOTICE-OWIXG TO the PREVAL-
I Et-£' ence of scarlet fever in many parts of the
city the friends of the children In the San Fran-
cisco Protestant Orphan Asylum will not be allowed
to visit them as customary on friends' day, Friday.
Feb. 28. for fear of bringing the contagion. Good
health prevails at the institution now and the desire
Is to maintain it. By order of the President.
nt^S=" BIG OUTDOOR STKREOPTICOX SHOW
i hrJP every night cor. Market ana Sixth sts. : artis-
tic advertisements in living light; promoters of
business. Consult OWL ADV. CO., 11*0 Market.
135^53 PROF. KNOTT, MAGNETIC HEALER
IF& and life-reader. 1077 Market st.
B£^> MANICURE— MLLE. LOUISE ROLL! ST
Et-J^ from Paris, and FRIDA SCUONSIGEL,
from Berlin. 212 Ellis St. .
np-~3?» MME. MERANDA, 17 GRANT AYE.,
IjtJ^ parlor 1; vapor and electric baths.
Or~}f MME. HANSEN AND ASSISTANTS—
I Bfofi* Electric, vapor, salt water baths. 116 i lor.
jjF-Sp CHEAPEST AND BEST IN AMERICA—
! tS^P THE WEEKLY CALL, sent to any address
j in the United States or Canada one year for $1 50,
I postage free. ■
SITUATIONS WANTED-i'KJIALE,
T ADIES-SEND US YOUR ORDERS IF YOU
XJ want a good servant: short notice. C. R. HAN-
SEN & CO., 110 Geary st., phone Grant 185.
* TTENTION — SPRINGS, SUMMER RE-
-^3l sorts and country hotels — Best cooks, wait-
ers, bakers, porters, chambermaids and laundry-
men, at c. R. HAN>EN A, CO.'S, 110 Geary St.,
tel. Grant 185. Communicate with us.
T/lARMERS and OTHER PEOPLE in COUN-
-T try needing help send your orders for men or
women to C. R. HANSEN A CO., 110 Geary st.
C COMPETENT FRENCH NURSK AND BEAM-
\J stress desires situation or as second girl: refer-
ences; city or country. miss CULLEN, 323
Sutter St.; telephone main 5520.
OMPETENT MOTHER AND DAUGHTER
desires situation: cooking and housework or
waiting; best references: country; not afraid of
work. MISS CULLEN, 323 Sutterst.
A* NO, EDUCATED GIRL DESIRES
J- place as nurse, $10: 2 German cooks, city or
country, 10 ranch cook and' housegirls waiting.
MME. LEOPOLD. '20 Stockton St. ,
J A DIES —AT SWEDISH EMPLOYMENT
-I Agency girls of all kinds await employment.
I 315 sutter st. .
} EDUCATED GERMAN LADY, WHO SPEAKS
-i and reads English and French, wishes situa-
tion as lady's companion, or by an invalid; is also
able to assist in household or with children. Please
address Mrs. J. L., box 58, Call Office.
LDEHLY WOMAN TO TAKE CHARGE OF
J-J an invalid and make herself generally useful:
j good home more an object than wages; country
; 1 referred. Call or address for 3 days, 449 Tenth.
IT CATION WANTED liV GERMAN
woman in the country: gooa housekeeper and
good 111 mending. B. G., box 3'J. Call oilice.
CIOMPETEXT GIRL WOULD LIKE A SITU-
/ ation to do housework or cooking. Call, 10 to
3, fruitstore, 937 Scott St., cor. Oak.
SCANDINAVIAN WOMAN WISHES SITU-
O tion as cook in private family. Apply 719%
Howard st,
B~ V YOUNG WOMAN— DO LIGHT HOUSE-
work; city or country- Call between 10 and
11 a. m., 547 Folsom St.
T 7 ! r-CLASS DRESSMAKER WISHES EN-
-T gagemeius by the day; terms $2. MISS K.
I HEISEL, 1020 Mission st.
p IRL WISHES SITUATION TO DO HOUSE-
VI work and assist with children: references
I given. Address G. N., box 17, Call Office.
IP I BST- CIiABB GERMAN. FRENCH AND
. American cook wishes situation in private fam-
ily; able to take full charge of kitchen: references:
wages not under $30. Call or address 445 O'Far-
reil.
EFINED FRENCH LADY WISHES POSI-
IV tion as cook in private family; can cook either
French, Spanish, Italian or American style. Re-
fer to 600 Union St.
QITU A T I N WANTED BY COMPETENT
O girl for general housework and cooking. Call
2525 Post st. ; no postals:
POSITION" AS MAKER OR SALESLADY IN
-L millinery-store; reference given. Address F.,
box 1«, Call Office.
DRESSMAKER WISHES TO TAKE WORK
home; dresses made over. 20 Isis st., off
Twelfth and Folsom.
o wedisiFgirl -wishes SITUATION to DO
O general housework in a family of 2 or 3 grown
persons. Call or address 1631 Fulton st., city.
TCIRST-CIiASa FITTKII AND ECONOMICAL
I 1- cutter wishes some more engagements by the
i day or week; works very reasonable. Address C.
I F., box 89, Call.
AN DIN AVIAN GIRL WANTS SITUATION
to do general housework. Call or address 44
Sacramento st.
YOUNG SWEDISH GIRL WANTS BITUA-
-L tion to do second work. Call or address 719%
Howard st.
C~~ OMPETENT HARD-WORK INT; WOMAN
wants work by the day: washing, ironing,
I housecleaning. MRS. ALLEN, 427 Stevenson at.,
1 near Fifth: rear.
IRL WISHES A PLACE IX HOTEL TO DO
second work or wait on table. Inquire 22
Harrie; st.
SI < ) ND WORK —BY a" RESPECTABLE
girl: is a competent waitress; can sew. Please
j call 527% Linden aye., near Hayes st.
T)ESPECTAbLE GIRL WISH ES SITUATIOX
11 in small family to do general housework; no
postals. Apply 231 Ash aye.
TARESSMAKER WOULD LIKE A FEW
XJ more engagements by the day at $1 50, or will
take work home. 301 Franklin si.
ITUATION WANTED— ISY A RESPONSI-
I O ble person, a position as housekeeper; country
preferred. J. F., 618 Clay st.
pEKMAN WOMAN WANTS WORK BY THE
\J day; washing. Ironing or house or office clean-
-1 Ing, or chamberwork in lodging-house. Call or ad-
; dress 612 Minna st.
H" OUSEKEEPER'S POSITION WANTED BY
a woman of 30. Call or address 240 Shotwell
St.. bet. Sixteenth md Seventeenth.
p ERMAN GIRL WOULD LIKE SITUATIOX
VX as infant's nurse; best of references. 413%
Nineteenth st., near Valencia.
j QITU AT 1 6 WANTED BY SWEDISH FIRST-
} O class cook, just from Chicago, 11% Antonio
St., oft' Jones, near Ellis.
I CHAMBERMAID WISHES A
; JD situation or would do general housework; city
! or country. 737 Howard st., room 35.
O GIRLS (SISTERS), AGED 17 AND 19
4J years, want positions in one family: wages
no object, but a few hours' time per day to resume
studies: no postals. Address B. R., box 71, this
office.
IDDLE-AGED WOMAN WISHES PLACE
as cook and laundress; first class in both: city
1 or country. Call 1000 Washington st.
OUNG WIDOW WITH A CHILD WISHES
JL work as housekeeper in San Jose. Apply MRS.
! HAGAN, Halfmoon Bay, San Mateo County, Cal.
I YOUNG GERMAN WOMAN WISHES PLACE
1 -t to do general housework or chamberwork in
lodging-house. 321 % O'Farrell st., rear.
WANTED-BY A COMPETENT WOMAN A
i '* situation to take full charge of an infant: 3
' ' years in her last place; references. Apply 13111/2
; 1 Broadway. ,
WOMAN WANTS GENTLEMAN'S CLOTHES
»» to clean and press; all kinds of mending
1 ; done cheap. 114 Fourth St., room 15.
1 ■ \yoMAN wants washing or house-
! »t cleaning; $1 per day and car fare. Address
; I W., box 17, this office.
! YOUNG LADY, SPEAKING FRENCH FIT -
X ently, wishes situation as nurse for grown
• children or baby. Address T. A., box 61, Call.
pOMPETENT WOMAN WANTS SITUATION
\J to do cooking and housework. 530 Eddy st.
; pOMPETENT WOMAN WANTS WORK BY
I \J thejday: washing, housecleaning or moving.
i Address 654 Jessie st.l (rear),, bet. Seventh and
Eighth.
I EXPERIENCED INFANT'S NURSE WISHES
I JU position; first-class references; will also do
■ cnamberwork. Address W. A., box 40, Call Office.
, T)EFINED EDUCATED LADY, SPEAKING
, i -It French, German and English, wishes position
lin some kind of business;, best references. Ad-
dress M. 8., 32 Hartford st.
XCELLENT COOK; NO OBJECTIONS TO
. -Li general housework in American family; refer-
ence ; no cards. 2415 Clay st. " t.
! MIDDLE- ACi D WOMAN WISHES PLACE;
. l»-l good restaurant cook : good laundress; borne-
' I cleaning by the day or week: sleep home. Call
- i 869 Mission st., room 2.
ITUATION WANTED BY A MIDDLE-AGED
woman: is competent cook; good home more
, I an object than wages. Call at 671 Webster st.,
I near Third, Oakland. ■
\Y OMAN WISHES SITUATION TO DO WASH-
» » ing and nousecleanlng by the day. 1205 Turk
St., cor. Stelner, upstairs.
i p ERMAN GIRL; PLAIN COOK AND GEN-
VJT eral housework. 1313 Stockton st.
XPi RIENCED DRESSMAKER WANTS EN-
gagements'by day in families; terms, $1 75 a
1 day. Address 13 Oak St. - ;
WOMAN WANTS WORK BY THE DAY;
'"washing, cleaning house or moving. Address
1 24 Verona at., off Third, bet. Folsom and Harrison.
VOUNO GERMAN WOMAN WISHES WORK
-L by the day, washing; or housecleaning: $1 50 a
j day. Address 67 Clementina st., rear. -
GIRL WISHES TO GO OUT BY THE DAY TO
do dressmaking and plain sewing. Send postal
to 935 % Howard Bt., room 5. ---:
GENTLEMEN'S MENDING NEATLY DONE
at room 22, 105 Stockton st.
I N C HESTER HOUSE. 44 THIRD ST., NRT
' *» Market: 200 rooms: 25 " to *1 60 per ni»ht;
$1 50 to $6 per week; convenient »nd respectable;
tree bus to and from the ferry.
"ISITING GOVERNESS. AN EXPERI-
I enced teacher holding Eastern certificates, de-
sires pupils in history, literature and piano. : V. G.,
box 10*, Call. -_ ,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 26, 1896.
SITUATIONS WANTEIJ-MAtE.
Q f\r\ MEN WANT AND MUST HAVE WORK
*)\)\J at once: employers please send us your or-
ders and we will send you competent men: 'phone
main 5848. MURBAY & READY, Employment
Agents, 634-036 Clay St. "
PC. COOK'S SOU. SUPPLIES COOKS; ALL
.branches -.short notice. 14 Geary. tel. Grant 46.
UNTKH & C0., -CHINESE AND JAPAN-
ese employment oilice, 17 Webb St.. , below
Kearny, bet. California and Sacramento; tel. 231.
JAPANESE AND CHINESE EMPLOYMENT
O office; oest help. SI4B Sutter: tel. rant 80.
/CHINESE AND JAPAN EMPLOYMENT
\J office; best help. 414V2 O'Farrell; tel. E. 426.
IVIL ENGINEER "WITH 20 YEARS' EX-
\J perienc* is in destitute circumstances and
wants any kind of work he can secure: * married
and sober. Address R. E. A., box 72, Call Office.
COOK AM) HELPER WISHES POSITION
\J in sawmill, mining camp, etc., for the spring;
ten years' experience. Address G. N., box" 66,
Call Office.
IDDLE-AGED SINGLE MAN WANTS SIT-
J'l nation: understands gardening, care of horses,
milking mid orcn: r.l work; moderate \<ares; refer-
ences. Aiidre a Farmer, box 82, Call Oilice. ;:, :
Situation" WANTED BY a young man
0 as bartender: a first-class mixer: had six years'
experience in first-class hotels. Address J. SUL-
LI VAX, 638b atoma st.
YOUNG SWEDE WISHES IT V ATION AS
J. coachman, lake care horses; 15 years' experi-
ence; best of reference. Address Swede, box 92,
Call Office.
STEADY GKRMAX WISHES A SITUATION
io as coachman and gardener: good milker; gen-
erally useful about place: city or country: good
city references. Address V., box 19, this office..
QjCA CASH TO ANYONE GETTING ME A
t^iOXJ position paying mo>leia'.e salary, or in-
formation that will lead to getting me one. Ad-
dress J. I.. dox 61, this office.
SITUATION WANTED BY A GOOD C«.J».^-
t>aker: can also bake bread; married; German.
Address 413% Nineteenth.
SCANDINAVIAN MAN WANTS A PLACE AS
O cook in private family or boarding-house. Ad-
dress 617 i'.uilroad aye., Alameda, Cal.
\\T ANTED— YOUNG MAN WANTS WORK;
»» handy with tools: willing to work. Call or
address J. A. ANDERSON, 20 South Park.
GOOD SECOND-COOK WANTS SITUATION;
VJT wages no object. Address Cook; 409 Pacific
A NO. 1 CREAMER YM AN AND BUTTER-
-. v. maker desires place; give references. Address
N. ERICKSEN, 1456 Castro st.
A OTIVE MAN REQUIRES EMPLOYMENT;
-£*- expert ■ bookkeeper; has knowledge of ma-
chinery; good all-round man; highly recom-
mended; security. It., 16 Tildcn st.
MAN AND WIFE. WITH BOY OF SEVEN,
would like to get work in hotel, ranch or pri-
vate family; wife is good housekeeper: man will-
ing to do any kind of work. M. (5., 46 Carolina St.,
nr. sixth, bet. Folsom and Harrison. .
r ANTED— A SITUATION B\ AX ENGLISH-
'» man as valet or traveling servant: 8 years' ref-
erence from present employer. Address Valet, box
147, San Mateo.
MAN, ENGLISH, HO THOROUGHLY
\J understands his business, also care of garden
and cows, willing about place: first-class references.
Address NED, 1725 Everett sU Alameda, Cal.
YOUng man, handy AND reliable,
I- wants a situation around a private place; un-
derstands care of horses and cows. Call or address
L. G. BRYANT, Winchester House, 44 Third st.
SECOND-HAND CAKB AND PASTRY BAKER
O wishes work. Address G. P.. 921 Mission st.
TO" ANTED— SITUATION, MARCH fi^ AS
'» grocery clerk (country) by young man; 4
years' city experience; understands bookkeeping;
references. P., 1640 Sacramento st.
V YOUNG MAX NOT AFRAID OF WORK,
situation as coachman and gardener: city ref-
erence. Call or address T. 11., 1238 FoUom st.
OITUATION BY MAN AND WIFE IN PRI-
O vate family; wife housework and cook, man
coachman and gardener: city or country: city ref-
erence. Address A. 8., Call Branch, 116 Ninth st.
CIOOK WANTS WORK IX A BOARDING-
j \J house or on a ranch; understands baking; city
1 or country. Address C. P.. 409 Ninth st., Oakland.
SITUATION* WANTED BY German and
O wife, without children, to take care of a ranch
or to work on a private place; man understands
all. kinds of ranch or private work; wife good
cook. Address J. RATHGKBKR, Napa, Cal.
Gardener] COaCHMAN, GOOD MILKER,
desires work in private household: tcood refer-
ences. Address G. W., box 88, Call Office.
p ERMAN MAN AND WIFE, ONE CHILD, DE-
VJ sire situations: man understands care horses,
handy with tools: wife good cook and housekeeper.
C. FERUHLAND, 220 Third St., room 69.
\\r ANTED— POSITION AS MANAGER OF
'• fruit or stock ranch; understands shipping
and drying thoroughly; irrigation a specialty; can
handle stock on ranch and range; best of refer-
ence given and required. Address F. G., box 24.
Call Office. .- J
VLL-ROUND AD. AND JOB MAN WANTS
x\_ oosition; city preferred; soberand industrious;
has *amiiy; best references given. Address Job,
box 64, Call. 7 t
p ARDENER, GENERALLY USEFUL, UN-
vT derstands care of horses, can milk; city
references: moderate wages. Address P. M., 624
j Twelfth St., Oakland.
FEMALE HELP WANTED. ~
COO K?~W II 6~CAN~TIA KE B U TTE R, 3 IN
family, $25; 2 German cooks and downstairs
girls, $25; 4 German housegirls, $20; and a num-
ber of young girls. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 110
Geary st.
O WAITRESSES. COUNTRY HOTELS, $20;
O waitress, city, $20: cnambermaid, assist wait,
$15: chambermaid, lodging-house, $15; 2 ironers,
$10 a week. C. R. HAN.SEN it CO., 110 Geary st.
p ERMAN NURSERY GOVERNESS; MUST
\X understand some French and have written
references. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 110 Geary st.
CHAMBERMAIDS FOR A FIRST-CLASS
country hotel, $20. C. R. HANSEX & CO.,
110 Geary st. f
\\,' ANTED— A GERMAN GOVERNESS FOR
" city, references required: also a visiting (Ger-
man) governess: an Irish Cathol c second girl,
with references, for family of ■_', $25: waitress
and chambermaid, $25; '■erman cook, $35; a gen-
era] housework girl for family of 3, $25. Apply 10
MISS PLUNKETT, 424 Sutterst.
WANTED-COOK AND SECOND GIRL, $25
and $20; chambermaid and waitress, board-
ing-house, $20; German cook, $30; girl for house-
work, small family, Stockton, $25; rim-class
chambermaid and servant, $25: infant's nurse,
$20; 10 good housework girls, $.5 and $20. An-
ply Miss PLUNKETT, 424 Suiter st.
\\ ANTED— ENGLISH OR SCOTCH CHAM-
'» bermald: restaurant cook, $10 week: nurse, A
children, $20; French chambermaid and sewing,
$20; German second girl, $::(): 3 cooks, $25, $30
and $35; neat girl for housework, small family,
$25: French girl for housework, 3 in family, $20-
-and others. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 312 Sutler st.
T AUNDRESS, $25; CHAMBERMAID AND
1J nurse, institution, $25. MISS CULLEN, 323
Slitter It.
E"A T GKUMAN SECOND GIRL; $15. MISS
IN CULLEN. 323 Su.ter St.
IRISH GIRL, HOUSEWORK, $20; HOUSE-
-1 work girl, $25, no wash; nurse, $25; 2 second
girls. $25 and $20. MISS CULLEN, 323 Sutterst.
CIOOK, SAUSALITO. $30; SECOND GIRL
VJ same house, $25. MISS CULLEN, 323 Sutter.
p ERMAN NURSERY GOVERNESS, $25 ;
VX housework girl, Jewish family, Oakland. $25.
Miss CULLEN, 323 Sutter st. j
If BENCH OR GERMAN SECOND GIRL, 825.
MISS CULLEN, 323 Sutter st.
AT EAT STRONG GIRL, LIGHT HOUSEWORK
-L> $12. MISS CI'LI. EN, 323 Sutter st. v '
OUSEWtiRK GIRL, LIVERMORE, $20;
Stockton, $25; Sacramento, $25; Petaluma,
$20: Alameda, $20, and other towns: 15 housework
girls, city. $20 and $25; 8 young girls, assist, $10
to $15. MISS CULLEN, 323 Sutter st.
EAT COOK, SMALL BOARDING-HOUSE,
-1-^ $20: family and ranch cooks, 520 and $26-
-waitresses, $16 and $20: girls for housework city
and country. MURRAY & READY, 634 Clay st.
AVANTED-GERMAN COOK. $25; SECOND
»» girl, same place, $15; French second, $20*
French nurse, $15: 2 French girls for housework,
$20; 2 Swedish girls for housework, small fami-
lles, $20. LEON AXDRE. 816 Stockton a .
T> EFINED GERMAN NUB^ERT GOVERN-
J X ess, $U5; German second girl, $25; girl, 2in fam-
ily. $20; others. MME. LEOPOLD, 20 Stockton.
V O U N G . GERMAN GIRL, SECOND" WORK,
-I- $20; young German girl, take care of child 2
years, $15: girl for Alameda. .housework, $21) •
young girls for housework, city, $15, $20, $z5
1 11% Antonio st., off Jones, near Ellis.
GERMAN GOVERNESS, $26; UOUSEKEEP-
VX er, $.5; Swedish cook, $35; neat girl to amuse
baby, $10: German second girl, $20; number of
girls for general housework, all nationalities, ' at
315 ."utter st.
GIRL FOR HOUSEWORK, AMERICAN FAM-
VI lly, plain cooking, $20; nursegiri, $10. 721
Kllis at. ■ '
LADY BOOKKEEPER AND STENOG-
rapher; must have had practical experience in
bookkeeping and must be thoroughly competent.
U. S. Industrial Agency, room 167. Crocker hiring.
\KT ANTED — GIRL TO ASSIST IN HOUSE-
»» keeping and care of children; wages $8. 920
Army st.. bet. Dolores and Church.
ANTKD-SECOND GIRL, MUST BE GOOD
waitress and understand plain sewing. Call at
1243 Franklin st., 9 to 12; references.
EXPERIENCED ' WAITRESS; ALSO LADY
canvassers and good male dishwasher. 402 1 a
Geary st. ; 8 o'clock. .,.... >'
ANTED— A GOOD STRONG GIRL FOR
• » » general housework, no washing or baking, $10,
references. Call at 1015b Post St., bet. 10 and 12.
TO" ANTED— YOUNG CAPABLE WOMAN TO
»' assist in roadhouse; piano player preferred.
Address 11., box 118, Call Office. .-,.;; ;
SMALL GIRL FOR LIGHT HOUSEWORK;
wages $12. 1930 Pine st. '
GIRL FOR GENERAL HOUSEWORK. 1320
Ellis st.; wages $10.
YOUNG GIRL, assist WITH HOUSEWORK,
■i- small family, j 829 Guerrero St., to-day 10 to 12.
YOUNG GERMAN GIRL, AGED 16, . for
-1- light housework. 534 Oak st. .
p IRL FOR GENERAL HOUSEWORK: SMALL
VJ" family; reference. ■ 1444 • eavenwortb. St. ;-;.:
YOUNG PROTESTANT GIRL, ASSIST
A housework. 128 Fail Oaks st.
„ _ „ _ WELP 'WAN TED- Confirmed.
•yOUNG GIRL WANTED TO ASSIST IN
] X light housework ; and cooking. Call from Bto
12 a. m., 1812 Bush st.
/OPERATORS WANTED ON CUSTOM COATS;
v/ also apprentice. 314 Clementina st.
rpAILORESS ON CUSTOM COATS: ALSO AP-
X prentices and improvers. 322 Jessie st.
APPH ENTICE OX GENTS' NECKWEAR;
XX good sewer. 512% Leavenworth st.
GIRL FOR HOUSEWORK; REFERENCES;
r small family. 29 Stanley place, off Bryant st.
APPRENTICES ON VESTS. 219 ELM AVE-
•£*- nue. .. . - .
fl IRL TO ASSIST WITH HOUSEWORK AND
'» children. 1321 Twenty-third St., near Castro.
EXl'f.Hll-.ACKO CUTTER FOR LADIES*
and children 'a underwear. S., box 9, Call.
p^RMAN GIRL FOR GENERAL HOUSE-
\J work, 12 month. 3005 Sixteenth st.
IRL FOR LIGHT HOUSEWORK AND CARE
VTof children; wages $7. 309 Twelfth st.
GERMAN OR SWEDISH GIRL FOR LIGHT
housework. 323 Eddy st.
WANTED— GERMAN GIRL FOR GENERAL
__* housework. 2732 Pine st. >'
GERMAN GIRLS WANTED for GENERAL
housework. 3111 Flllmore; also 800 Greenwich.
YOUNG GIRL FOR LIGHT HOUSEWORK;
sleep home. 123 a San Jose aye.
G~ OOD OPERATOR CUSTOM COATS WHO
_ can finish; also apprentice girl. 219 % Tehama.
DRESSMAKERS AND GIRLS TO LEARN
quick method of cutting, fitting and finishing;
new styles patterns, 25c ud; families supplied with
dressmakers. McDowell Academy, 213 Powell.
ArOUNG GERMAN OR SWEDISH GIRL FOR
X general housework. 696 Baker st.
A PPRENTICES TO LEARN DRESS CUT-
XX ting and making. 14 McAllister. rms67 and 68.
WINCHESTER HOUSE, 44 THIRD. NEAR
Market— Electric lights in very room: 200
rooms: 25c to $1 60 per night; $1 60 to $6 per
week, : free bus to and from the ferry.
rriHORouGH COURSE! in MILLINERY
X taught; will prepare pupils to take positions this
j spring. Miss ALICE HAAKE, 121 Post, rm. 46.
AIRDRESsIXG, 25c AND 36c: MORNING
and eve classes; 101esson3,$l 50. 1248 Mission.
LAWRENCE PATTERN HOUSE—
cutting school. 1231 Market St., bet. Bth and 9th.
MOST CONVENIENT AND RESPECTABLE^
J-VL Winchester "House, 44 Third st., near Market;
200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 per night: $1 50 to $6 per
week: free bus to and from the ferry.
pHEAPEST AXD BEST IX AMERICA— THE
\J WEEKLY CALL, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for $1 50, post-
i ace free.
MALE HELP WA.MtI).
PA INTER WHO Ca'n^nTmeT^ATHTUjßS
X for sprint's. $30 and found. C. R. HANSEN &
CO., 110 Geary st.
j NGINEER AND MACHINIST WHO CAN
I -Li run dinamo and thoroughly understands stor-
! age batteries. $65. C. R. HANSEN &. CO., 110
Geary st.
pREW OF MIL!, AND WOODS MEN FOR
\J country sawmill: first-class wages. C. K.
.HANSEN * CO., 110 Geary st. _^
HEAD COOK, $60: SECOND COOK, $40, FOR
country hotel. C. R. HANSEX <& CO., 110
Geary st.
O BELLBOYS, FIRST-CLASS COUNTRY HO-
y tel, $15; night porter, first-class country hotel,
$25: only persons with first-class references need
1 apply; to start the Ist. C. B. HANSEN & CO.,
I 110 Geary st.
I O CARPENTERS. ROUGH WORK, CITY; 6
I O woodchoppers. $1 35 cord; 3 farmers- old man
: to do chores; choreman for an institution. MUB-
: RAY A BEAD Y.JJ34 and 636 Clay st.
BLACKSMITH, $45 AND FOUND. SEE BOSS
XJ here; machinist, city. $2 75 to $3 day; man to
run st. Clalr shirt machine; 3 laborers, $1 60 day.
MURRAY * READY, 634 and U36 Clay st.
\|- ANTED— WAITER WHO SPEAKS "OK R-
j '» man and French, $40; first-class waiter, $35;
1 omnibus, $25; waiter who can open oysters, $30;
Frenchman as washer and wife to assist, country
laundry, $40: Frenchman for bakery, country,
$15: teamster for vineyard, $15: etc. LEON
; ANDRE, 315 Stockton st.
l,y ANTED — TAILOR FOR C OUST RY:
»» farmer for fruit ranch, $-0: 3 barkers, $26: 3
crosscut-sawyers, $26; budder, $1 day: nursery-
man, $30; choreboy, cooks, waiters and others.
Apply to J. F. CliOS^fcl T i CO., 628 Sacramento.
2 WOODSMEN FOR HEWING RAILROAD
I -- ties, $26 and board: man to make pickets and
• shakes; cabin-boy, $15: pantryman and make
sala s, $25: restaurant- cook, $35. R. T. WARD
! & CO.. 608 and 610 Clay st.
1 pOMPETENT GARDENER, UXDERSTANDS
! \J greenhouse work, propagating, etc., wishes sit-
: uation in private place. Address L. ANDRE, 315
i Stockton st.
LL CLERKS SEEKING POSITIONS AS
salesmen, copyists, bookkeepers, etc., call Com.
! Clerks' Bureau, room 7, Flood biding, 809 Market.
ECOXD COOK, COUNTRY HOTEL, $40.
HOTEL G AZET lE, 420 Kearny st.
'_> GOOD BOOT A>D SHOE MAKERS WANTED
O for a factory; steady work to those who are
competent: also a man who can make splints and
■ surgical applications. United States Industrial
Agency, room 167, Crocker building.
CTIVE MAN TO TRAVEL WITH SHOW-
card and sign writer; small amount required
: for expenses. Apply FBASEB, BU9b Mission st,
■ OMPOSITOR WANTED. R. R. PATTER-
j \J SON, 429 Montgomery si.
i QTRONcTbOY TO LEARN TRADE; SMALL
0 wages to start. S., box 9, Call.
OY TO BUN PRINTING PRESS. WESIPE
8R05., 573 Market st.
I\rANTED— BARBER; STEADY. APPLY 8
» ' Mission st.
1 M It LASS BARBER-SHOP; OLD ESTAB-
-T lished; Al location. Apply Call Office.
I > A K BE WANTED; STEADY; ALSO YOUNG
I) man with 1 year's experience. 612 Clay St.
GOOD SHOEMAKER ON REPAIRING. AP-
_J ply after 10 a. m., 420 McAllister st.
pOO K~W ANTED. 813 CLAY ST.
SHOEMA K ER ON REPAIRING; YOUNG,
steady many; call early. 2925 Washington.
ARBER-SHOP: COUNTRY; NAP A COUNTY;
splendid chance for good barber. Further par-
ticulars cull to SI'OLTZ'S barber, supply house,
630 Market st. _^_ \
i ARBER-SHOP, FOURTH ST.; GOOD LOCA-
X> tion. For particulars see STOLTZ. 630 Market.
I RST - CLASS DRYGOODS SALESMAN";
j X I also first-class not! m salesman; both positions
: are in good, responsible houses; applications must
j be made without delay. United Slates Industrial
Agency, room 167, Crocker building. -
\KT ANTED — YOUNG MAN WILLING TO
'' work; country. Address E., box 4, Call.
WANTED — MEN TO TRAVEL IN THE
country with a line of merchant tailoring sam-
ples. Write to W. M.. box 63, Call. •
T7IIBST-CLABS WOOD CARVER WANTED.
1 FINK * SCHINDLER, 1309 Market st.
GKRM AN BOY OF 17 OR 18 YEARS TO
VJ" work in restaurant. Call early, 34 Fourth st.
fflj 1 Pin PARTNER TO JOIN ME IN BUYING
ffPlUvr. business; cost $600 to fit up; safe In-
vestment. 1035 Market St., room 1.
ANTED— A MAN WITH $150 CAPITAL AS
*' partner in first-class retail cash business; no
liquors, no Sunday work; will clear $75 each
month by doing own work. Address M. \\\, box
101, ». all Oilice.
BARBERS' PROTECTIVE UNION EMPLOY-
ment. secretary. CONRAD TROELL, 657 Clay.
ARBERS— FOR EMPLOYMENT CALL SEC-
re'-arv Barbers' A gso.. 325 Grant aye. S. FUCH3.
ARBERS' ASSOCIATION OF CAL. EMPLOY-
menu Secy, P. C. Hamann, 238% O'Farrell.
P ABBEB BHOP— THREE CHAIRS FOR SALE
•*-* cheap. iO-iVg Sixth st. .'
BARBER-SHOP. 3 CHARS, For SALE;
fine business: $150. Acply this office.
BARBERS, ATTENTION— TO LET, Al SHOP;
low rent. 406 Castro St., bet. Market and 17th,
LCIIO HOUSE, 863% MARKET ST.—
Rooms 20c, 25c. to 50c. night; $1 to $3 week.
BEST MEAL ON EARTH; WELL COOKED; 8
courses, 1 0c, at Seattle Restaurant, 137.Fourth.
TVTEW AND SECOND-HAND SHOES FROM
-Li 25c up; men's half soles, 40c. 959 Howard st.
Y EW WALDO HOUSE. 765 MISSION. BET.
Xi 3d and single furnished rooms, night 15c
to 60c; week $1 to $2 60; clean, quiet reading-room;
strictest attention to morning calls; open all night.
HAT CHEER HOUSE, 529 SACRAMENTO
St.; 200 rooms; best in the city single rooms
, 20 and 25c a night, 81 a week: meals 10c.
■pOR THE BEST AND CLEANEST 10a MEAL
. X try 13 % Grant aye.; coffee a specialty.
Z(\f\ MEN TO GET A FINE KTYLISH, DO-
*J\JyJ rable calf shoe toorder.s2 60. 959 Howard.
CM TO $4 PER WEEK: 200 SUNNY ROOMS;
; j wX large reading-room. ' New Grand, 246 Third.
EOSE DA LE HOUSE, 321 ELLIS ST.; ROOMS
20c to 60c night; $1 to $4 week open all night.
I WANTED— MECHANICS, CLERKS, LABOR-
»' ers to call if they do not receive their just dues;
law and commercial collections; no charge unless
successful. KNOX Collection Agency, HOSutter st.
\\T ANTED— LABORERS AND MECHANICS
•'to know that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprie-
tor, still runs Denver House, 317 Third at. ; 153
large rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $3 per week.
MEN TO SELL MANHATTAN EGG FOOD;
is the best. C. KERTELL, San Mateo.
Ay INCHEST j£K HOUSE. 44 THIRD ST., NEAR
'» Market; 200 rooms, 25 cents a night; readlns-
room: free bus to and from the ferry.
. 1 (in MEN TO TAKE LODGING AT 10c, lftc
i "Vi and 20c a night, including coffee and rolls.
624 Washington st., near Kearny. "
EST IN CIT /-SINGLE ROOMS, 18, 20 AND
25 cents per night ; SI, 91 26, 91 6 0 < pur week.
fnclflc House .Commercial and Leidesdorff ata. '
TVr ANTED— MEN- TO GET BOTTLE SHARP
''steam beer. 6c; bottle wine. sc. 609 Clay st. y
EN'S %-SOLING 50c: LADIES." 40c; DONE
while you wait. 638 Market, opp. Palace Hotel.
I ''REE; BEER— TWO SCHOONERS: FOil 60;
also a bottl «of lager, sc, at 637 Clay at.
rpRY ACME HOUSE, 967 MARKET ST., BB-
; X low Sixth, for a room ; 25c a night; 91 a week.
HELP WANTED-Contlnued.
WANTED-BINGLE ROOMS, 15c A DAY; $1
»' week; rooms for two, 25c a day, $1 50 a week;
reading-room: dally papers. 36 Clay st. *
TUST OUT; NEW MA CHINK FOR RtIPAIR-
u . Ing shoes: call and see; half-soled in 15 min-
utes, done while you wait: all repairing done by
machinery; all repairing at half price: work guax-
• anteed. 562 Mission et.. bet. First and Second.
400 MEN'S SECOND-HAND*; jJ!«HOES.SOME
TV/ V* nearly new. 25c to »} 25. 562 Mission at.
AGENT WAN TED.
X\T ELL-DRESSED CANVASSER TO INTER-
»» view gentlemen: novelty in standard article;
great success. Call after noon, r. 6, 1021) Market.
T ADY AGENTS-POSITIVE SUCCESS: NO
J-* humbug;- liberal commissions. 1020 Market
St., first floor. - .
AGENTS WANTED— NEW NOVELTY. 719
■£*■ Market st., first floor.
THIRST-CLASS SOLICITORS WANTED BY
X the California Mutual Benefit Society; ladies
and gentlemen; Bto 9:30 a.m. P. D. 'RAINE,
superintendent oftagenta. Murphy building.
KUo -ii WAATEL>.
A?cljN^fl\rAN~Vv^NTT
X cated; state price. R., box 31, this office.
T T NFURNISHED ROOMS WANTED CHEAP
>J near Golden Gate Park. A., box 4, Call.
UNFURNISHED SUNNY ROOM BY A LADY;
central. Address A. H., box 124, Call Office.;
pOMFORTAB~LK| BOOM OR SMALL SUITE;
vy sunny and good location: can give references
if required. Address Merchant, box 16. this office.
BOARDING WANTED. "
WANTED— ROOM AND BOARD, BY MID-
»' die aged lady, in exchange for light services.
Address R. 8.. box 15. Call Office.*
BOARDING AND ROOMS WANTED.
TAr ANTED — ACCOMMODATIONS BY GEN-
»* tleman and wife in a refined, genteel private
family, with or without board. W., box 14, Call.
\\T ANTED— NY ROOM AND BOARD BY
" a lady; must be centrally located; references
required. Address M. 1.. 220 Post St.
WANTED— MISCELLANEOUS.
WANTED— 70b7) rljO^PoTnDs" DAM AGED
barb wire. 611 Haves st.
SECOND-HAND 4 TO 6 DEEP WELL PUMP,
windmill and tank. 610 Hampshire st.
WANTED— SECOND-HAND WASHIiSG-MA-
'• chine and mangle for laundry purposes. Ad-
flress B. M. C, 3a Belvedere st.
BIG HORSES; MUST WETgTT 1800 OR
over. BURXSTINE BROS., Fifth and Bluxome.
WANTED-YOUR WATCH. IF IT NEEDS
" repairing: best work at half the regular price.
DEUSS, watchmaker, 126 Kearny st., third floor.
SELL YOUR BOOKS, CLOTHING AND JEW
elrv to A. KLEIX. 109 Sixth at.: send postal.
LOST.
LOST— A LA mEISniA^?D^SATCHE£rAT OR
-LJ near the Branch Postoflice Station F, contain-
ing a diamond ring, $18 75 in coin, a pair of spec-
tacles and a bottle of perfume. The finder can
keep the diamond ring and coin if they will only
return that priceless pair of crystal spectacles and
elegant bottle of perfume purchased at Loehr's
Cut-rate Prescription Pharmacy, cor. Geary and
Devisadero sts. .- ' ..- ';-:
o*l a REWARD for RETURN of short
•4PXV/ gold-mounted cigarette-holder; $5 for
small silver matchbox marked T. J. P. Room
160, Palace Hotel.
TRAYED— FROM KAHN & LEVY'S STOCK-
yard, Mission st. and silver aye., white and yel-
low cow; may have calf. Liberal reward if returned.
ROWN SETTER DOG: BRASS COLLAR.
Return 3511% Mission st.: reward:
GOLD SCARFPIN; SHAPE OF BIRD. RE-
turn 318 Pine St., room 27: reward.
STRAYED FROM BROOK'S PASTURE, NEAR
O Holy Cross— 2 cows, one small black cow with
white udder.and one light red heifer with white star
on forehead and a white rim: on tail. A liberal re-
ward will be given for information that will lead to
their whereabouts. J. J. McGRATH, near Holy
Cross, P. O. Colma.
LOST— A MALTESE KITTEN. FINDER RE-
turn to 230 Liberty st. and receive reward.
QTRAY E • OR STOLEN— FOX-TERRIER DOG,
0 with collar; answers to the name of Jack. Re-
turn to 961 Howard .su and receive a reward.
I OST ALL COMFORT AND PLEASURE BY
■i not getting my shoos made to order by
GEO. BRYANT for ?5. 204 I urk St., near Jones.
FOUND.
CA M E~T() PR EM I S "e S,~ WH~I T iTAfNITBROVVN
\J spotted cow. owner prove property and pay ex-
penses. Call 6400 Mission st.
17I0UND— STKAY COW; OWNER CALL AT
j cottage. Mission road, and pay expenses.
KiJ L tAXIO.NAL.
E~3fGTISH^mA^H r HiKS~T^^
Sli or class; moderate. MISSDILLON, 305 Larkln.
ISB BOLTE'S SCHOOL, 2297 SACRA--
mento— Board. English, French, German,
piano; $30 month; kindergarten under new man-
agement; coach.
1 .ENGLISH, LATIN, MATHEMATICS, ENG-
Xli llsn literature a specialty. MISS ROULSTOX,
724 O'Farrell st.
"^LOCUTION— DRAMA, DELSARTE. PHYSI.
-J cal culture, voice culture. OLIVE lIOFF
SCHROEDKR, 299 Hyde St.: call after 1 P. m.
JOSEPH GREVEN, VOICE IMPROVED. 82
*J Ninth st. . .
1 [FRENCH AND SPANISH; PROF. T. B. DE
1 FILIPPE, graduate Paris, Madrid. 320 Post st.
PRACTICAL INSTRUCTION IN MENTAL
-IT science, by DR. F. J. MILLER and W. J. COL-
VILLE, 922 Geary st.
PROFESSOR G. MANSFIELD, TEACHER OF
x violin, guitar, mandoline, banjo. 1707 Market.
UITAR, MANDOLIN, PIANO AND VOCAL
lessons; 83 mo. MARY WESTHAUS, 39 Fifth.
INDIVIDUAL INSTRUCTION BOOKKEEP-
X ing, shorthand, etc Stlehl's College, 723 Market.
ELASCO'S LYCEUM SCHOOL OF ACTING—
Private theatricals arranged: pupils rehearsed
on stage. R. 5 and 12, 1.0.0. F. block, 7th and Mkt.
CHOOL ELECTRICAL, CIVIL, MINING, ME-
chanlcal engineering, surveying, architecture,
assay; estab. '64. VAN DER NAILLEN, 72BMkr.
IOLIN, MANDOLIN, GUITAR, CORNET
t taught. Prof. L.MERKI. 226 Geary reasonable
SPaNISH, FRENCH, GERMAN; MODERATE.
Meisterschaft School Languages, 122 O'Farrell st
BALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 POST ST.
Bookkeeping, business practice, shorthand,
typing, electrical engineer.'ng, telegraphy, modern
languages rapidly taught. Write for catalogue.
JVIGHTSCHOOL;t±EALD'SBUS. COLLEGE -24
i-> Post : commercial, shorthand. English: low ra'e*
"VIOLIN, MANDOLIN, CELLO, BANJO- HKA-
V sonable. PROF. FRANCIS. 10451 2 Valencia.
CHEMISTRY AND ASSAYING. C.UNNINU-
V- j ham's School, cor. Geary and Powell sts.
PIANO LESSONS; CLASSICAL COURSE AND
-L simple music taught; accompanists taught;
lessons ■■)()(■. Call 9t012 a. m.. 30 Ninth st.
CLAIKVUV AM». ~~
REDUCED 50c AND $1.
PROF. LEON. Marvelous Clairvoyant Palm-
ist; wonderful power: gives advice on business
speculation, love, marriage, divorce, etc.; tells of
your friends and enemies, removes evil Influences-
the unfortunate and broken-hearted should seek his
counsel; call and be convinced: letters with stamps
answered. 533 Post, 9to 8 dally: also Sunday.
ME. RAVENA ANNOUNCES TO HER
patrons of 828 Howard, removed to 5 Fourth
Darlors 3 and 4; sittings daily short tips on races-
names given; 25c. ' '
VI ME. PORTER, CARD- READER; TELLS
A»i past, present, future: ladies 50c, gents 81-
-palmistry, clairvoyant, linings $1 60. 126 Turk st.
ARLfOHT" IS LOCATED AT 116aGKANT
kJ aye.. parlor 5; office hours, 10 a. m. to 7 p. m.
VI ME. MOREAU. BEST MEDIUM: REVEALS
IU-past, present and future :25c up.764 Howard
VI ME. DR. THOMAS, SCIENTIFIC KEVEAL-"
xta cr by eggs and cards; tells entire life, past.
present, future; consultations on all affairs: noth.
Ing excepted; names given: good advice; sore
aelp; restores lost love by sympathy; mistake ira-
possible: fee 1: letter $2. 929 Post at., nr. Larkiu.
VI ME. ARNDT, BEST FORTUNE TELLER IN
in the world; 50c and *1 will show you the pic-
ture of your future husband or wife. 724 Harrison.
M RB.B. EAUMAN, TUE> RENOWNED
medium and card-reader. 132 Turk st. . i.
VIME. STEWART, CHILD MEDIUM; THE
l'l greatest card reader and clairvoyant In the
world; seventh daughter of seventh daughter-
Indies or gents 50c. 917 Market . parlors 3 and 4.
SPIRITUALISM. — —
YPSY MEI)IUM~-SiT~TINxSFI)ATLY (SUl£
VTdays Included) ;2s&soc. 946 Mission ; hs 10 to 9.
Vf RS. SEAL, MEDIUM: SITTINGS; TOBACCO
-L»J. habit cured or no pay; obsessions cured; dis-
eases of women cured; hrs. 10 to 8. 24 6th, rm. 8.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY"; CLAIRVOYANT
trance medium: sittings fl. 218 Stockton st.
: ' \-'.;- : : * TO LEASE.
TO LET OR LEASE— BOxI2S, NW. TOWN-
send and Clarence sts., near railroad depot- as
a whole or In parts; building altered to suit tenant-
E^v- I^- ,? '" able - A PP»y to BOVEE, TOY &
bONNTAG. 19 Montgomery st. :
*T"O LEASE —OX MISSION ST., 2 LOTS-
-1 splendid location for grain and lumber yard :
rent a trifle. C. box 6, Call Office.
■__^- : -_ _ -' --. BICICLES. ~~~
' INDSOR r BIC^LK3T~STmc : H^ rr BJan
»» grade; no stamping: all lathe work- cones
cifo^^^s.^r 18 - a - üban -
PARK CYCLERY— NEW WHEELS TO LET-
X best . accommodations. Terminu* Uaarr lfa!
AlUster and Powell su car lines. '' M *^
BUILDING AND LOAN ASSOCIATION.
CONTINENTAL BU ILDINO XnD LOA N As'
\J sooiatiou— Home office, 322 1 Sansome st. S F
General savings & loan business. Ed E. HllL IT*'
OUtw fildridg* V.Pr.jw Corbio.Seg.&Oen.M.M
BFSINKSS^CHANCF!«.
<jnQKA RESTAURANT, NEAR CARHOU*E
tJpOtJU. and railroad junction: receipts over $25
a day; a sure bargain. JuHNSTON,26y 3 Kearny.
©9^H PARTNER WANTED: ESTABLISH-
«Jp^tJ\J. Ed business; good for $100 per month;
can be Increased. JOHNSTON & CO., 26 a Kearny.
CIGAR-STORE; BIG STOCK: NORTH OF
Market: must sell: cheap. 26% Kearny. ■
<2><j(\{\ ROUTE; ESTABLISH OVER 2
O\J\J. years; has all cash customers; good !
horse and wagon; business worth $500; clears $100
a month: can be easily doubled; must sell at once;
trial given before buying. STANLEY, 9 Geary.
m»-| r(\ LIGHT BUSINESS; RUN BY SAME
tJJ) IUU. people 2 years: cash trade: easily man-
aged; clears $20 per week; suitable for two ladies
or man and wife: a decided bargain; must be sold
at once. STANLEY, 9 Geary st. ;
©11 f\f\ SAMPLE ROOM IN VERY BEST
(IpllUU. location on Market St.; fixtures and
stock worth the money: owner sick In bed. In-
quire 533 California St.. Phu'nix bar. '
WOOD AND COAL YaRD: HORSES, WAG-
ons: 4 stalls; income $75 month. PROLL &
LLOYD, 717 Market st. '
STEADY MAN WANTED TO TAKE CHARGE
of a laundry route: small capital required.
PROLL & LLOYD, 719 Market st.
©f^n RESTAURANT; BEST LOCATION:
ig)'jO\J. established 15 years; newly fitted up;
receipts $25 daily. STENBERG & CO., 632 Mar-
ket st. .
flM>^A CORNER GROCERY; LIVING-
tSrOO\J» rooms: only store within 4 blocks: rent
$12; present owner 2 years; suitable for man and
wife. STENBEKG CO., 632 Market St.
WHOLESALE COMMISSION MERC HA NT
»" of good standing wants partner in bis produce
and commission house: controls large and first-
class trade from all parts of the Pacific Coast: es-
tablished for years; offers a grand opportunity for
some active and industrious man; will guarantee
Incoming partner $200 a month and during busy
season $300: full investigation allowed. For fur-
ther particulars apply STENBERG _ CO., 632
Market St., opposite Palace Hotel. .
ffIjCCA COHNEB BRANCH BAKERY, CON-
tTpUUU. fectionery, cigars, notion store: oppo-
site public square: 4 living-rooms furnished: cheap
rent; full value: stock and fixtures. STENBERG
& CO., 832 Market st.
ffljnA SALOON WINEHOUSE; 2 DOORS
«JrTlUl/. of Kearny st.: take part cash; balance
time. S TEN BERG & CO., 632 Market St.
1 IVERY tSTABLE FOB SALE, EoTAB-
XJ lished thirty years, consisting of horses, car-
riages, buggies, rockaway, harness, robes, etc.;
j healthy stable; 100 stalls: cheap rent; no reason-
able offer refused: old age cause of selling.
LYNCH & CO.. {135 Market. .
SNAP-GROCERY AN BAR DOING GOOD
business; owner leaving city. LYNCH <fc CO.,
935 Market.
"VTt.TICE —TO SELL YOUR BUSINESS
-i-> promptly for cash. HEALY" & CO., 23 Kearny.
QAA DOW MOWN COMMISSION-HOUSE
OUU. doing a large business; fine chance for
an active man; owner will remain until trade Is
fully secured. HEALY <fc CO.. 23 Kearny st.
KLEGANTLY FITTED UP LIQUOR SALOON,
vicinity Market st. MEALY, 23 Kearny st.
iBjOAA CORNER GROCERY AND BAR;
«IPOUU. brewery will loan part. HEALY &CO.,
23 Kearny st.
fi>QAA BRANCH BAKERY, CANDY, ETC.,
•IT«J''V;. at the Mission; 4 rooms: doing a busi-
ness of $9 a day. HEALY & CO., 23 Kearny st.
TO BUY. EXCHANGE A BUSINESS
X of any kind see STRAND * CO., 45 Third st.
fflj O PL/l SALOON AND LUNCH HOUSE;
«IPOcM'» thousands of mechanics employed in
neighborhood; large and constantly increasing
trade: partnership disagreement cause of selling;
full value. STRAND & CO., 45 Third st.
©9GAA GROCERY; ACROSS THE BAY;
<P*.\J\i\J. house and lot Included; old-estab-
llshed; good trade. STRAND <fc CO., 45 Third at.
$9 Z\C\f\ GREAT OPPORTUNITY FOR CAP-
— 0171/. italist or energetic business man;
sole agency for patented article of great merit;
immense success East; only partly worked up
here; sure fortune. STRAND & CO., 45 Third st.
©9^fV 'COFFEE AND LUNCH PARLOR;
«fIJ — «->U. pays well; opposite Golden Gate Park;
good for man and wife. STRAND, 45 Third st.
<B» ]7 £. BRANCH BAKERY: !$ ROOMS;
<jDX « O. bargain. STRAND & CO., 45 Third st.
C* OA I k RESTAURANT; NO. 1 LOCATION;
»iP«JV7»'. doing steady, profitable business;
handsomely fitted up; worth double; selling on
account of departure. STRAND dtCO., 46 Third st.
fit 7X A CORNER GROCERY AND BAR
•IP I O\J. with living-rooms; good bar tmde; cash
custom; low rent; in very best location; rare
chance. Particulars 533 Callrornia St., Phoenix bar.
VTOTICE— IJ? YOU ARE LOOKING FOR A
i-i good-payine business of any. kind see our list.
REISER & TASSET, 5 Fourth st.
©700 THE BEST LOCATED SALOON OH
IWi Kearny st.: 2 billiard-tables, register,
etc.; cheap rent. REISER&TASSET, 5 Fourth st.
QIKA PARTNER: WELL-PAY BEB-
Np^iyV/. tatirant; living-rooms; cheap rent;
owner intends to run place day and night. LUN-
DIN, 1035 Market st.
I 0;OkA CORNER SALOON: BUSY STREET:
: »ir<->«-»\7. cheap rent: old-established arid making
: money. CULVER & COLTON, 90ti Market st.
ffl*4AA SALOON; CHOICEST LOCATION:
*iDJ-yJ\J. good paying; low rent; fixtures worth
the money. Call 533 California st., Phren.x bar.
PAYING BRANCH BAKERY, CANDY" AND
X notion store: cheap: central; low rent. BAR-
RETT & SKIFF, 921 Market St.
PARTNER WANTED FOR AN OLD- B-
X lished shoe business: on a principal street. For
particulars see HAWKINS, at J. J. O'FARRELL
«£ CO.'S, 11 Montgomery st .
iTERfcTrs~A NEXC I . LENT OPPORTUNITY
X for a young man with business qualifications
: and $5000 capital to become partner in an old es-
I tablished prosperous firm: the present proprietor
; has other large interests to at tend to. For particu-
lars address Merchant, box 92, this office.
OR SALE— HOME BAKERY; BEST LOCA-
tion in town; large trade; cheap rent; good rea-
sons for selling. Address F. 11., box 56, Call.
I^OR SALE -STATIONERY AND FANCY
store; good jiving rooms; cheap rent; satisfac-
tory reasons. Address S. S.. box 56, Call office.
IJJJOAAA PARTNER TO ENGAGE IN VERY
tJP^JV/UV/. promising business; a monopoly; rare
chance. Address Chance, box 85, Call. "
©OCX RESTAURANT ON the water
«3D«JItJ. front: good-paying place; must sell on
account of departure. Apply this office.
TfOB SALE CHEAP: GOOD CORNER SA-
X I loon in the Mission: 3 living-rooms; rent $12.
Apply NW. cor. Twenty- fourth st. and Treat aye.
9Afin will »uy half interest in a
tJP_UUVJ first-class lunch place; only those who
mean business answer. T. 8., box 28, Call.
If OR SAI.E-CIGAR-STORE AND LEAF TO-
bacco, tools and fixtures: selling on account of
death in the family. 426 Sixth st.
OTEL OR SALOON MEN— ROACH 6 SB;
fine place; good location; for sale or rent. Ad-
dress H., box 118, Call Office.
LACKSMITH SHOP FOR SALE; GOOD
XJ business. Address E. Bf, box 63, this office.
<B?'_>p;a CORNER GROCERY: BAB; TRANS-
ijpOiJVt. fer; pleasant living-rooms. Apply Call.
1. Olt SALK— S2OO; ~ BESTAUBAJST. CALL
— 706 California st.
! CIORNER GROCERY AND BAR; BARGAIN
\J if sold this week. STRAND & CO., 45 Third.
I RANCH BAKERY, STATIONERY STORE;
. -i-* must be sold on account departure. 326 Ninth.
■ PARTNER WANTED: WILLGUAR-
Jv/V/. antee the business will clear $200 pel
month to each; $1000 already Invested; references
exchanged: full investigation allowed. Apply
1 87 3 Vis Market St., room 1. ».v:-h
IpOR SALE-ONE OF THE BEST-EQUIPPED,
x best-paying and best-known livery stables;
; located in one of the best livery towns in the State;
• this is a snap that will bear full investigation;
reason for selling other business demands entire
, attention. Address Livery, box 70. Call Office, 01
P. O. box 828, San Jose.
TVTURSERYFOR ABOUT 3 ACRES OF
-.1 fine land well stocked with valuable plants'
large greenhouses with boiler for heating; also
large lathhouse, packing-house, windmill, etc ■
well with plenty of water, also city water: cost
$12,000; will sell cheap; eood reasons for selling
Address Nursery. P. O. boz 2475, San Francisco.
<a*l9^A PABTNEB WANTED: ESTAB-
<IDX._cH/. lished 1877: clears $300 to $400 a
month; investigation solicited; if not as stated
will pay time lost investigating. Bona Fide, box
90, Call.
EAP: STOCK OF POULTRY RANCH Al
V. ; Fruit-rale. 34 Donohue building.
1 "R INTERIOR AGENCY OFT THIS
»JP.O\JUU. paper for sale. Inquire at this office.
T?OB A GOOO INVESTMENT, AJ)J)B^B~B
. hox 21 ' tbla ofllce -
RESTAURANT FOR SALE; NEAR DEPOT.
210 > Town send st.
It OR SALE— GOOD- PA YING SALOON ON
Larkin at., bet. Post and Ellis. For particulars
Inquire at 617 Larkln st. ..
PARTNER WANTED-OOOD-PAYING 80 81-
-j X ncsa; small capital; trial given. 307 O'Farrell.
ESTAURANT— AT YOUR OWN PRICE TO
pay the debts. 626 Fourth st. ♦
CUGARSTAND FOR RENT CHEAP; CORNER
'Harrison and Steuart st., No. 2. n
!$1 75 £°. F . I eP J ANI) REAM PARLOR,
<JPX I O. 2724 Sutter Bt., near Central aye.
fIH MK AT MARKET FOR SALE. AD-
, *®I.O\J\J. dress 8.8., box »6, Call Office, Ala-
meda.
ELL-PAYING PORK AND DELICACIES
»» store: rent low: 4 living-rooms; sickness cause
of sale. Apply 41 2 y 3 Sixth st. ' •
XPOR SALE— BAKERY, WITH HORSES AND
, X wagon; 2 bhla. dally. Apply at Call office.
<2t'>K A OLD - ESTABLISHED SA LOON ;
MSj£hJ\J. good stock ;fine fixtures. 1026 Larkln st.
SPLEN DID OPPORTUNITY. FOR THE
buyers— For sale, a liquor-store, situated on one
of. the best corners of Montgomery st. Inquire
Call Office. --■-■•
GROCERY AND BAR: 5 LIVING-ROOMS,
X horse and wagon; 3 years' lease: good location.
, Apply California Brewery, Douglass and Diamond.
OLI> ESTABLISHED BUSINESS IN NEW
and second-hand line for sale; satisfactory rea-
sons given. 157 Third st. -
SALE-A FRENCH LIQUOR^STORE ON
1 one of the best corners on Sixth street at a sac-
rifice. Inquire of K. ROBINET, 411Vg California st.
BI'SINKSS WIAIIWW-y ><>
l!S?_SS^SSJgll_p •
fsoo7lKSS^iS^_:^
-TiAPKR ROUTE~FOit S A LE, TELEG R A I'll
paSS blocks; can be , be jugM
I cheap, and chances for increase are %cry gooa.
Apply this oHice, principals onl ________
_ODGXNtJ-HOHSJS!» fOB.SALt.
91 ROOMS ON EDDY STREET; ONLY $6.
Zl DECKER, 1020 Market st. _
"6 1 -KOOM HOUSE* FINE FOB TRANSIENT:
81 clearing S-'SO. DECKER, 10^0__t_rke__st__.
1 9 ROOMS; NICELY BURNISHED: CORNER
l^J on Golden Gate aye. DECKER. 1020 Market. .
99-ROOM HOUSE FOR SA f l^, I A ,7 a A " A "
_&3 gain. Apply to DKCKEH, 1020 MarKet_st. __
1 A ROOMS NEAR MARKET; R^T. l^
14: price $500. Apply to DECKER, 1020 Market.
$1400. LODGING-HOUSE OF^29*JEI|B-
gantly finished roomspn Market St..
paying house. CULVEP. <fc COLTON, 906 Market.
mo BUY OK SELL a LO ''" 2fts{J n 2
X quick for cash see US STRAND 45 f hlrd st.
C~~ORNER HOUSE; 11 BOOMS; WELL FUR-
\J Pished; price $250. STRAND. 45 Third st.
91 Q EDDY ST. -BARGAIN:
<- 1 O paying house; low rent. _____
IA-&OOM HOUSE, NEWLY' FURNISHED,
X\J will sacrifice, cheap. • 202 V_ Turk st.
OL'^nn 22 ROOMS. NEW CORNER HOUSE,
tIP DUU. all full; low rent. 712 Kearny St.
AN ELEGANTLY FURNISHED HOUSE, 12
A rooms, will be sold at a bargain. 1646 Market.
ING-HOUSE; 18 ROOMS; ALL occu-
pied; sale account of departure. 41 Eddy **.
<_! QfiA ROOMING HOUSE; 18 K "°^in
tJSOUU. full of roomers: must be sold in 10
days; no agents. 106 Steuart st. .
(I A .1 SACRAMENTO-POSITIVELY A BAB-
U-'igaln; 16 rooms; house well furnished and,/
years' experience. _ —
QAO FOURTH— NEW HOUSE; WELL LIGHT-
OUOed; room rent reduced. Apply to J. I"".-
MARTINI. 317 Washington st.
tlJtMTlul-. 1.011- SALE.
ROOMS FURNITURE, NEW ..j&75
tc Bedlounges trimmed with plush _•» StU
Brussels Carpet, laid 4 Sc UD
English Linoleum, laid 40c up
Window shades In 5 colors 25C up
SHIBEK * SHIREK, 747 Market St., opposite
Grant avenue; no branch stores^
ONE MORE CUT—
Oak Roll Top Desks $14 to $35
Oak Chiffoniers. From $10 up
Oak Bed Sets *17 50 up
Oilcloths and Linoleums •*"<= up
stoves and Ranges $3 up
Thousands of bargains. We keep everything.
Cash or time payments. J. NOON A.N,
1017, 1019, 1021. 1023 Mission St.. above sixth.
JfOR SALE-NEW. ELEGANT FURNITURE,
T etc.; cheap: 4 rooms; on account of departure.
737 Filbert st. - .
HG. KRASKY, FURNITURE AND bed-
. ding; new folding-beds, 39 and up: step-la*
oers. 20c pr step: furniture exchged. 779 Mission st.
FURNITURE an tk i>
* MALONE PAYS 20 PER CENT MORE
J\. than elsewhere for furniture to fill country
orders. Leave orders at KING'S, 3 Fourth .tt.
r*ASH PRICE PAID FOR FURNITURE. JA-
\J COB SCHWERDT, 821 Mission, bet. 4th A sth.
ABSOLUTELY HIGHEST PRICE PAID FOR
xv second-hand furniture and carpets by I.undy
Furniture Co., 313 Market st.: call or send postal.
CAKI'KT CLKA.MNG.
riABPETS CLEANED, Sc PEB V A EU>: BB*
\J laid, 6c per yard. & STRATTON, 19 Eighth.
CIIT"Y"STEA ill AIt ET CLEANING, RENO VA-
/ ting, 38 Bth. STEVENS, mgr. Tel. South 250.
/"IARPETS CLEANED AND RENOVATED
CARPETS CLEANED AND RENOVATED
\J like new. FERGUSON & CO., 23 Tenth: teL
South 38. D. MACKINTOSH CO., successors.
E. MITCHELL CARPET CLEAN ING CO., 240
. 14th si.: cleaning 3c a yard. Tel. Mission 74.
MCQUEEN'S CARPET BEATING AND REN-
. ovating works. 453 Stevenson: ml. south 228.
xtational" CARPET beatino and RENO-'
IV vatlng Works HAMPTON_BAILLY: layln?
anil altering. 313-315 (iuerri'ro: Tel. Mission 24 I.
WHEN YOU BECOME DISGUSTED WITH
" poor work lend to SPA ULDING'S Pioneer .
re! Beating Works, 863-7 Tehanis; lei. So-40.
/ MiNKLIN'H CARPET KEATING WOKKa. S %
\J liiili! ■!) i.a-e live. : telephone fast 12A
horses:
IGRAY HOUSE, SOUND AND GENTLE, 7
years old; 1 new top Bussey buggy, harness,
robe and blanket, complete; will sell at a bargain.
Apply at southeast cor. Sanchez and Twenty-first.
Foil SALE— BUSINESS HORSE, BUGGY,
and harness; cost $500; cheap. Address Horse,
box 87, Call OtHce. ; ■
UNSET HORSE M A >IK KT, 220 VALENCIA—
Horses, mules, wagon*, buggies and harness.
"1 ST-CLASS PA AGE: PLENTY WATER
and feed year round. G.W. LUCY. 318 Market st.
1 C/"\ SETS NEW A.ND SECOND-HAND HAK-
-1 fJ\J ness: all kinds; wagons, buggies, horses and
scrapers; sand-wagons. 1128 Mission st. ,» -
HORSES PASTURED; $2 A MONTH; GOOD
care and feed; send for circular. Th« Hj"l«
ranch. 630 commercial at.
DX. c. H. WESTPHAL, VETERINARY SUK-
k,eon for 8. F. Police Department. Office and
hospital, 121 City Hal! aye.: telephone south 401.
Aft HORSES FOR SALE: ALSO WAIiO.VI
1 v buggies, carts, harness; Grand Arcade Honit
Market, 327 Sixth St.; auction sales every W«.'n«t-
d»y. SULLIVAN * DOYLE. Auctioneers.
"1 Tin SETS SECOND-HAND HARNESS; ALI,
; XUU kinds; second-hand wagons, buggy, carts:
»iso 20 chPivn horses. Kifteenf.i and Valencia vis.
fOR SALE- 31l!»C___AN_OlJS.
TOR SALE-2 NATIONAL^^^ASfT^REGIs"-
J? ters; same as new; used but a short time; at a "
bargain. Inquire 523 Sansome st.
<n»l CA BARGAIN; SEALSKIN; NEW MAR-
<J>X«JU. kef. 36x56; almost new; coat $450. S.,
box 43, Call.
I~f OR SALE - 6 -FOOT COUNTER; 5- FOOT
X showcase; also lot shelving cheap. 94 Ninth st.
1 QQ£*. BICYCLE (NEW) FOR SALE CHEAP;
J.Ot/U very latest improvements. 1101 Market.
tTmJr SALE-CAN BIRDS: MALE CANA-
X ries. $2 50 each female canaries, 76c each;
guaranteed. Address C, box 40, Call Office, Oak-
land. ■ ■ -
"PEKING DUCK-EGGS FOR HATCHING; 500
X per sitting. MRS E. A. WILKINSON, Bay
and Webster sts.
JjUILDINGS BOUGHT; LUMBER, SASHES
-L) doors, mantels, etc.. f:>r sale. 1166 Mission.
LACKS VITH- SHOP OUTFIT, PC ROE,
X) steam pump, boiler and engine; cheap. 519
1 Mission st.
BUY YOUR BABY. CARRIAGES AND RAT-
tan furniture at the factory and save middle-
man's profit; we will treat you right. CALIFOR-
; NIA RATTAN COMPANY, 61 First, nr. Mission.
OOKS AT GREATLY REDUCED PRICES.'
KING'S old bookstore, 15 Fourth st.
" NE SMALL MEDIUM AND large SIZB
\ \J fire and burglar proof safe. 109, 111 Market st.
SECO.ND-HANDCARPETS, all SIZES
*J\J\J and prrees from 25c per yard up. J.
NOONAN, 1017 to 1023 Mission St., above Sixth.
IRE AND BURGLAR SAFE, LETTER^
press, platform scales and desk; cheap. 102 Clay
■ \"E\V RANGES CHEAPER THAN SECOND-'
■tN band. W. S. RAY' Mfg Co., 12 California st.
; COUNT E.R S, SHELVING. SHOWCASES
V^' bought and «old 1121 Market bet. 7tnanda;a
> A WEEK'S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS — THIS
: -^"»- WEEKLY CALL. In wrapper, for mailing.
DENTISTS.
E^rTL^HTnTI^FIR^T^cTA^S^TONiDN
tion; a bargain. W. STOIT, 927 Market st.
. room 319.
ONEST WORK: LOWEST PRICES.
DR. HARDCASTLE.62B Montgomery, rm. 1.
iiMJLL SET OF TEETH, $7; WABBANTED
' five years. DR. V. CAVaLSK Y, 24 sixth st.
1 DET OF TEETH WITHOUT A PLATE. DR. H.
■ OG. YOUNG, 1841 Polk St.
R. GEORGE W. LEEK. THE GENUINE:
Leek dentist, discoverer of painless extraction,
and patentee of improved bridge work or teeth
without any plate, moved from 6 to 20 O'Farrell st.
f T>AINX£SS EXTRACTION. 50c; CROWN
, X bridge work a specialty; plates, $5 up: 13 veara'
experience. R. L. WALSH, D.D.S., Sl5" 4 Geary.
i I \R. H. H. SHAW, 224 KEARNY - BRIDGE-
U work a specialty; open evenings 7:30 to 9.
T\K. L. T. CRANZ-EXTRACTION PAINLESS,
U crown work, bridge work and teeth without
plates a specialty. 103 Geary St.. cor. Grant aye. _
' 7TROOME Id'eNT A ASSOCIATION, 759 MAR-
\J ken bet. 3d and 4th, gas specialists: only reli-
-1 able agent for painless extraction: artificial teeth
frm $5; fillings frm $1: extracting 6Cc. with gassl.
: ■ rr A SET FOR TEETH: UARHANTED
<m I good as can be made; filling $1. DR. SIMMS,
dentist. 930 Market St.. next Baldwin Theater.
I I\JL LVDIAJV. HILJU 1443 MARKET ST.."
X) "near Eleventh: no charge for extracting whea
plates are made:. old plates made over like new-
teeth from $8 per set: extracting sOc: gas given.
/ OLTON DENTAL ASSOCIATION. BUB MAR-"
\j ketst. DR. CHARLES W. DECKER.
R. J. J. LEEK, 1206 MARKET. CO RTgoLDEn"
Gate aye.— Open evenings: Sundays till noon.
* !_. WORK REASONABLE AND Wab7
J\ ranted. DR. J W. KEY. 1128 Market st.
ATTOKMEVS-AT-LAW. ~*
"XdVICE FREE-DIVORCETAIv.S~A^pKr
i_ alty; private; : no charge unless successful all"
law suits, claims, collections, wills, deeds eir «
tended to. O. W. HOWE, atfy-at-law. 850 Market."
T.«BBfiftga gL"^li'^jj2sSHSES TO t.r-r.
B^l V r U rT : KUI I'ARK HO11K; .SO.". it'stT,
»J^ , - * nd Pace: 2 blocks from r.aker-su en-
l.,^ »i P * r : new modern house: 7 rooms and
baui; cleeantly tinted and painted: fine basement
•!omer*st BOY feE, TOY & SONNTAG, 19 Mont-
9-stor7y^va~window~h6use*. in fine
Ti^l,<T r: reni low to j-rowu family. Key 326
.Mneteenth St.. Df-t. Mission and .Valencia. ;.
] O'^O ll^t ION - SUXNV SIDE BAY-WIN-
-* V/ ' ' ' flow house of 10 rooms.
1 TOT lOK * NBA* BROADWAY; 4
A ' v ' rooms: sun front and rear: $15.
S L "\ V HOUSE OF 9 ROOMS: HOT AND
kJ cold water: suitable for 1 or 2 families; rent
Sot^ ;V : refere nces required. Call at the premises.
*n Powell st. r
f PO. LKT— 2-STORY BAY-WINDOW HOUSE, 8
* rooms an bath: modern improvements. 1223
Golden Gate aye.
TJOUs«E, 7 ROOMS, BATH, MODERN IM-
i 1 provements,-730 Capp st. : also house, 5 rooms,
modem, lart-e stable, 107 Germania st., off Fill-
more. - ••
~~\ 7 M IrYDH st - cor. vallejo-sunny
- 1 - •— t: house 7 rooms and bath: cheap.
1 OQfil "PINK, NEAR HYDE-TWO-STORY
1 — -2 house 5 rooms; cheap. Apply roam 15,
I'holcn building. ,
17, LEG ANT SUNNY HOUSE. 8 ROOMS;
■J-< large Dascraent: reasonable. 816 McAllister.
"I 4fiQ BUSH - NEAR! POLK - UOUSis 6
X I\JQ rooms, bath. Inquire at 1407 Bu3h su
mG E AT* V — HOUsM OF ROOMS AND
'^xx-bath; rent reasonable; key at 2173&. .» -; -;■■■..■.
< Of|.: - ROOMS: MODERN CONVENIENCES-
t^, tJVJ> fine neighborhood. Apply 15 Grant aye
fy AM) 73 bHIPLEY ST.-4 AND 5 ROOMS-
• A ?I'J.
< I ft". ELEVENTH AYE.. COR R. R. AYE.;
«„ 10. 10 barn aud stable, NICOL, 634^
I aliforula st.
V> ABY HAPPY; MAMMA SATISFIED: PAPA
■> contented: house rented from BALDWIN &
HAMMOND. 10 Montgomery st.
FUKMSUIiD HOUSES.
■v-icely FURNISHED HOUSE ON SUTTER
" -*-' st- near Van Ness aye.; 10 rooms and bath;
rent reasonable. Apply O'FARRELL & CO.
ITiURNISHED HOUSE OF SEVEN ROOMS ON
J. Nob Hill; rent $45. Address N., box 38, Call.
"VICELY FURNISHED SUNNY UPPER
■f* flat: 6 rooms: huh. 2514iASutter: cheap.
COTTAGES TO LET.
GtQ COTTAGE 3~ROOMS~~ON^R» SPBCI
%DO. aye. Apply 75 California aye., bet. Twen-
ty-seventh and Twenty-eighth sta., near Mission.
4" -ROOM ' COTTAGE; LARGE YARD. 2301
tt Polk st, near Green.
UNNY COTTAGE, 5 ROOMS, BATH AND
large yard and basement. 2425 Post st.
SUNNY BAY-WINDOW COTTAGE FLAT; 6
large rooms, bafc. 540 Fifteenth, near Dolores.
C-OTTAGE OF 4 ROOMS. 21 BYINGTON ST.,
/ bet. Fillmore and Webster, Ellis and O'Farrell.
Q] J_ COTTAGE OF FOUR ROOMS AND
'- ' I. bath. 1831 Union, near Lagnna st.
" - FLATS TO LET.
]Qi X ANKigiiTp^A^Flc^AVFTixiirGoi
XUX*J st.— Upper and lower flats; 8 rooms and
fcath each: modern improvements: marine view:
rent reasonable. BOVEE, TOY <fc SONNTAG, 19
Montgomery st.
G* 9 A MODERN FLATS OF 6 ROOMS EACH :
*_ — V.gun all day; marine view; near cable-
cars. 2036 Leavenworth st.
tOO SIXTH— UPPER FLAT, 5 ROOMS,
• '_— bath, yard; -front and rear entrance; rent
f!3. -
Q1 »> 4 SUNNY ROOMS. 27 DORE ST., BET.
O-»-*J. Harrison and Bryant. ■ :
4Q71 HAIGHT, NEAR FILLMORE— FLAT 4
"O I 2 sunny rooms: yard: basement; $12. •
A ROOMS, BATH: 3|KOOMS; CHEAP TO GOOD
tenant. -14 Webster st.
71 FILLMORJ-J— 6 SUNNY ROOMS, BATH;
• 2 cheap to good tenant.
■9 NEW BAY-WINDOW FLATS; 5 AND 3
— rooms: bath: $18 and $13. 909 Folsom.nr.Sth.
SUNNY UPPER FLAT OF 7 ROOMS; $15;
modern Improvements. 438 Vi Sixth st.
pORN\EIt TWELFTH AND HOWARD STS.— 2
\J sunny bay-window flats of 7 and 5 rooms and
bath. No. 1555. - . ■ v.:v:
i""LAT.OF 5 SUNNY ROOMS AND BATH.
' 1613 Fpisom St.. near Twelfth.
YEW SUNNY FLATS OF -i ROOMS AND
. ■!> bath: $14 and $15. 1196 Treat aye. .
00 GEARY— UPPER SUNNY FLAT,6 ROOMS,
— O unfurnished. ■- s. ;- . . •
USSY CORNER FLAT, 8 ROOMS AND
bath. , Haighl and Webster sts.
OWEJt FLAT, 5 ROOMS, BATH; RENT $13.
XJ 713 Treat avi'., near Twentieth.
(>J .HOWARD— FLAT OF 4 OR 5 ROOMS
V Z. 1 lied bath. ' r.'^f.'^
"(J. |Q, S lT\- .MODERN SUNNY FLAT 0F ,6
«2 1. «-.'■• rooms, batb. 133 San Jose aye., nr. 24th.
Q>] 7 FLAT, 1207 a BUtiH: 6 ROOMS, BATH,
v' I • gas, bay-windows. Apply 1211b Bush st.
1 " j 1 EDDY— 1 > I RABLJB SUNNY COR-
J O~tL aerflat; 6 large rooms: modern improve-
ments.
VINE MIDDLE FLAT. Sib; FINE LOWER
x flat, $10. 432 Seventh st,. near Harrison.
I^LAT.S -TO .SUIT— BEST PART OF CITY;
central. venient. economical ; Sacramento St.,
below Mason ; sunny. Apply 320 Sansome St., nn. 4.
EW STEPS FROM CITY HALL; ELEGANT
fiat of 5 rooms and bath. 10 Grove st. '
Li i \V FLAT— COR. THIRTEENTH AND
Folsonr sts. ; 6 rooms and bath; large cellar lit
far business; rent to suit tenant. . :
CHOICE SUNNY ROOMS, BATH AND ALL
y modern improvements: $20. 1708b Hyde st.
Ui iKR FLAT OF 8 ROOMS: MODERN IX-
-1 provementa: central location. 615 McAllister:
T\ECORATED MODERN 5-ROOM FLAT; SUN
JL/ all day. 847 Capp St., near Twenty- fourth.
fan *rri 2 FLATS, 8 ROOMS. BATH: 3
•7— — .«JV/. sets double parlors; modern. 1775
Mission sU
."9 7-209 WEBSTER — SUNNY FLATS OF 6
— ''I and 7 rooms; modern conveniences; rent
reasonable.
T Q9A UPPER FLAT. 6 ROOMS, BATH. 119
O-*-"' William St., near Taylor and Post-
rnr» MoAL LISTER— FLAT, 6 "ROOMS; LAUN-
i —D dry; bath; rent $30. . -■
V£AR CITY HALL — 2 SUNNY FLATS; 5
J-> and 6 rooms; $21, $25. 147 and 713 Grove st.
TIfOST DESIRABLE FLAT. OF 7 ROOMS,
JW with bath and all modern improvements :■
1635 Bush Bt- ; rent $30. MADISON & BURKE,
agents. ■ - ■
A.BY HAPPY: MAMMA SATISFIED; PAPA
contented; flat rented from BALDWIN *.
HAMMOND. 10 Montgomery st. -
TELEGA NT NEW FLATS, SEVENTH ST.. BE-
J.j low Bryant, 6 and 6 rooms, bath: $8 to $16.
Of l 'j AND $14—1124 AND 1110 STEVENSON,
■*** l «> near Herman: nice flats: cheap rent.
HOUSEKEEPING KOOJJIS.
. ■ Bryant Street.
Jtnjl BRYANT— FURNISHED AJL-
lilj cove room for housekeeping.
Clay Street. .
-1 £>O7 LAY. NEAR POLK-2 ROOMS FOR
J D— I light housekeeping. - -
ftin 3 FINK NXY ROOKS WITH YARD.
- »J* I— . 2419 Clay St., near Fillmon .
... . . Kddy .Street.
Q-l Q EDDY— SUNNY ROOMS FOR HOUSE-
— I O keeping; cheap rent; private place.
• QUITE OFPARLORS: NEWLY FURNISHED;
»O dlriing-room and kitchen; for housekeeping.
628 Eddy st- ■-■".-
. : . Eighth Street.
m EIGHTH— 3 SUNNY UNFURNISHED
J I*l housekeeping rooms; vacation the 29' ti.
Eleventh Street.
1 1 4 -ELEVENTH— E X. E GAXTLY FUR-
J I*l nished front sunny bay-window room and
1 \ridsome kitchen, complete for housekeeping:
"(j'ttth; every convenience: quiet neighborhood.
Ellis Street.
-aj ELLIS-NICE FURNISHED ROOM FOR
"JUtr housekeeping. ■ \ .
7'f I ELLIS— 3 FURNISHED HOUSEKEEP-
-1 11 Ing rooms, one complete floor; rent, $80. .
7OA ELLIS bT.-3 SUNNY BACK ROOMS,
i ZU partly furnished, for housekeeping.
J uUom Street. . .
1 A 1 1 ELEGANTLY FURNISHED
■It! x floor, 3 or 4 rooms, complete for houskpg.
Fourth Street. ,
O]Q FOURTH-SUNNY FRONT
♦> 1 O rooms for housekeeping; rent cheap. , .
Franklin Street.
,il C FRAN K LIN-LARGE SUNNY FRONT
1 JO room, with gas and use of bath; suitable
for housck- eping: rent $9. • •
Harriet Street. . '
TO HARRIET.OFF HARRISON, BET. SIXTH
J O and Seventh— 'i sunny furnished rooms; com-
piete forhonseiceeping. " . ■ •- . ■
.. ■ ...•- Hayes. Street. ' ,
O Oqi HA YES— 2 FURNISHED rooms FOR
*- ) '-)Og iiousekecplng ; also 1 parlor. :••.-■ ■
'" •' Hyde street. . ,
Jfl HYDE— 2 UNFURNISHED ROOMS FOR
-» <■> housekeeping; bath; $12; apply afternoons-
- Jessie ' Street.
Ci 10 1 JESSIE-1 BLOCK FROM MARKET
y>l\J-> ana Seventh sts.; either single or double
room; reasonable. '. ' .-'. .
I'.^j I Jb-iSIK-FLOOK OF 3 NICE ROOMS, UN- j
<J«JU furnished; yard; ceUar; rent »12. ■ . \
4
g^SKKEEPINQ KOI S - Continued.
.. . JLarkin Street. ..,.-.. . -.
090 PARKIN: -THREE" SUNNY HOUSE-
__*" keeping rooms, nicely furnished.
Q9O LARKIN, NR.GEARY-3 NICELY FUR-
<J— •_» nished sunny rooms for housekeeping, with
piano, hath, gas, private family; rent $30.
VOOfi L 4RKIX_T\VO COMPLETE, SUNNY,
lv y \j furnished • housekeeping rooms ; also
single room. :-*■• ■■:■:-
-• Minna street.
I"J7 MINNA ST.— 'i~LAUGE 'SUNNY FUR-
j^-L » nished rooms suitable for housekeeping.
. Mission street.
Q9O MISSION' ST.— SUITE FURNISHED
UOCJ housekeeping rooms; also others for house-
keeping; 96 and $8.
( )/• I MISSION — LARGE SUNNY SUITES,
vKJX. also single, hoasekecp 115 rooms; reason-
able. . »- -":■ ■'*:. . . . •
•1 3*^o MISSION — NEWLY FURNISHED
-*■*-> «Jv/ sunny front room : use of kitchen.
X ".""■ " O'iHrreli Street."
4.9 X OFARRELL— SUNNY FUR-
\ijZdU nisaed rooms for housekeeping."
090 O'FARRELL— FOUR NICE ROOMS FOR
O— .O housekeeping; call 9to 12. •-:■ ■
I • 1 1. •- Street.
fi(\O PINE— FINE ROOM AND KITCHEN;
KjyJO also a single room.
Wf\A PINE-SUNNY FRONT SUITE, PUR-
-4 ""I nished or unfurnished, lor housekeeping.
Seventh. Street. ' .
1 Of* SEVENTH— a LAIKiE SUNNY ROOMS;
-LOU furnished complete for housekeeping; yard.
1 A") SEVENTH — LIGHT UOUSKKEEWXG
J-tr^j rooms; also single or en suite; suitable lor
a doctor. V ' : '■ ' '
9 FURNISHED OR UNFURNISHED ROOMS
A for housekeeping. 228 Seventh sL. -
Sixth Street. '
2 FRONT ROOMS FURNISHED FOR HOUSE-
£k keeping; $2 per week. 544 Sixth st.
•South I'ark. - ';
1 n SOUTH PARK- 3 FURNISHED HOUSE-
-10 keeping rooms, $10; 4, 513; also unfurnished.
Stevenson Street.
,«AQ STEVENSON, COR. FIFTH — TWO
"iUO rooms, completely furnished lor house-
keeping^
Stoqkton Street.
-1 QA7 STOCKTON— FURNISHED ROOM FOR
J-Ov/I housekeeping; rentoheup.
Tehauia Street. -
4AQ TEHAMA — 2 CONNECTING HOUSE-
*±4:O keeping rooms', well furnished; complete
for housekeeping. -.-:. * '-'- .■-.■; •
Taylor Street.
"VTICELY FURNISHED ROOM FOR LIGHT
-«-\ housekeeping. 108 Taylor st.
Third Street. .
pOLTON HOUSE, 220 THIRD— SINGLE,
\J suites, light housekeeping; $5 up; yard.
00 A THIRD ST.— 2 UNFURNISHED HOUSE-
OOtt keeping rooms: water free: $6.
' ' Turk Street.
091 TURK— AND BACK PARLOR,
O— -L unfurnished, for light housekeeping; bath;
gas. .
CCA TURK— LARGE FRONT ROOM; COM-
OO\J plete for housekeeping: gas; bath; $12.
"; ■'."• .-- Van Isess Avenue,
71 d VAX NESS AYE.— THREE COMPLETE-
• -L" ly furnished housekeeping rooms, $20.
1 zIHA VAN " NESS AYE.— ELEGANTLY FUR-
ItUU nshd parlor floor; piano; rent low;hskpg.
Verona Place.
cyj' VERONA, COR. THIRD, BET. FOLSOM
—"1 and Harrison— Furnished rooms forhouseupg.
' Washington Street. ••":;•-■>
191 A WASHINGTON, NEAR TAYLOR— 3
-L — JLv/ or 4 unfurnished rooms tor housekeeping.
Welsh Street. ' ,
m WELSH. OFF FOURTH— 4 NICELY
J— L J" furnished housekeeping rooms: yard: cheap.
KOOM.S TO USX:
Bi'aunan Street.
/J99 BRANNAN— FURNISHED ROOM; USE
"i— — of stove; $1 per week.
■■• ■•;'-:*■ : Bush Street.
Q9Q BUSH— ROOM, HOT AND COLD
<- — <-' water; grate; bath: also small room. -;.-■..;'
Clay Street. -
1 £97 CLAY, NEAR POLK - FURNISHED
X.\JJU I front hall bedroom; gas: rent $6.
i.ddy Street.
"I I Q BEAUTIFUL FRONT SUITE;
-»• 1O other clean sunny rooms, 55 up.
91 ft EDDY— TWO . FURNISHED ROOMS,
-1O $1 50 and $2 a week each: private place.
■ Right h. Street.
QHERMAN APARTMENT HOU>E, 28 BTH
0 St., near Market; furnished and unfurnished.
Kills Street.
THE RAMrvNA, 130 ELLIS ST.. HAN FRAN-
cisco, MRS. KATE S. HART, manager— Just
opened; a newly furnished, well appionted, quite
house; containing 150 rooms, large and small,
sunny rooms, single or en suite; gas and elec-
tricity, hot and cold running ■ water m each
room: elevator and tiro escapes; situate conven-
ient to the .business center of the city, principal
hotels and theaters; -electric cars direct. to ferry
and park pass the door. . ■ ■•■ ; '
.". .•. fifth Street. \ .-.-
C)(\l FIFTH (CHANGED HANDS)—
•i-iv'S furnished rooms, single and double: -also
housekeeping, with use of kitchen ; terms reason-
able.
991 FIFTH— SUNNY NEWLY FURNISHED
£l4i\. single and housekeeping rooms; cheap.
l-'olftoin Street.
QOA FOLSOM, NR. FOURTH— FURNISHED
O— \J rooms from $1 a week. •
Fulton Street. ' ■
110 FULTON— SMALL FURNISHED ROOM;
IIU $3 per month. • :. .
>-. ;i. . Oeary street. •
C 1 Q GEARY— ROOMS, SUITE AND
<-> 1 O single: parlor and bedroom; others; offices.
O A 1 GEARY — ELEGANT BAY - WINDOW
OUI room: mantle: 2 closets; new corner flat.
1 1 01 GEA ? Y > COR. VAN NESS AYE.. THE
.1 JLWJ Martinet; rirst-c'ass modern apartment-
house: rooms en suite and single; new house; ele-
gantly fitted: breakfast if desired.
Golden (>aie Avenue. : : V
09A GOLDEN GATE— LARGE ROOM. SUIT-
O— U able for 2 gentS) $12 a month; .housekeep-
ing anartments.
f'QO GOLDEN GATE— eI kg an tly FUR-
UOO nished rooms; single and suites.
C*A(\ GOLDEN' GATE AYE.— NICELY FUR-
±\J nished sunny rooms; housekeeping, other-
wise.
Grove Street.
TAX GROVE— NICELY FURNISHED FRONT
AAJ*J room, suitable for 2 gentlemen, $18. ■
Howard Street.
H(\A TTOWARD, COR. THIRD- FINELY FUR-
I ""x nished rooms, first floor; also housekeep-
ing; cheap.. ,>:;.;:
•Jones street. ' ;: ; .,; ;
907 JONES— THE VaN WINKLE: NEW
■£)\J 4 management: elegant tunny suites and
single; newly furnished; bam, etc.; 810 to ai3o.
Keamy Street.
A RLTNGTON HOUSE, 127KKATINY— PLKAS-
J 1 aiit sunny rooms, en suite and single; first clasj
in every respect: terms reoßonable.
Larkin Street.
A 9Q L A R X I N — NICELY FURNISHED
'\ —'J suites: single; running water; bath; gas.
PI ark Street. . ,
"^roSEMITE HOUSE, 1045 MARKET. BET.
J. BLxth and Seventh— Single and < suites; per
nlghti 350 to $1 : week. SI BO to $5: families
Ui;.; MARKET — NICELY FURNISHED
£t£t rooms; en suite or single; reduced.
McAllister Street.
l ) i }(K x MCALLISTER— SUNNY FURNISHED
—— U rooms; private family: $8 and $10..
MCALLISTER; FLAT 1— 3 SINGLE j
ril^ and 2 double rooms; suitable for gentlemen.
V; '-;<•- . : ;■■'."■ Minna street. . : .- '. y, 
(>QIJ MINNA, COR. EIGHTH— NEWLY FUR-
UUI nighed bay-window rooms; $1 a week;
transient. • .• .-". < x . : -- ' .. '_;■■. ■ ■
• . Mint Avenue.
5 .MINT AYE. — (NEW r MANAGEMENT)
«J Sunny suite and single : terms very moderate.
■-": : Mission street. • '«
EUROPE HOUSE, 1169 MISSION— KICELY
furnished rooms, single or en suite; transients.;
-1 k94 MISSION— TWO LARGE BUNNY FUR~
1 nished parlors, suitable for doctor or man
and wife; private; board optional; charming view;
rent to suit the times. ■■■-''-■■ .:.:■".':>■ -'■'■• "' ; -: -'•;'
■ , . Montgomery Street. •
onn MONTGOMERY— CHOICE : furnished
Of* rooms $1 a week ; elegantly furnished $2. ••'■
' ' ;. Ninth Street.-'. % '.'■ . •:■.;.: ;v.>V
QA NINTH, NEAR MARKET— FRONT BAY-
.-' " window suite, with or without kitchen; single
rooms; grate. ■ " • . ;
'''}'■:'' ' - '■' .. ' ■•
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 26, 1896.
ROOMS TO Continued.
- _. -.' O^Farrell Street. . ; _.<
Q9O O'FARRELL - HANDSOMELY FUR-
• »/— *j nished sunny room, suitable for lor 2'; rent
low. • . ... ■  , ...
Post Street. . • .
POST — NICELY FURNISHED SUNNY
ul/i rooms; single or en suite; rates reasonable.
POST— BKAUTII' U L FUSS [SHED BAB-
u\j*j lors; also single rooms; week. $2 up.
* Second Street.
C 96 SECOND — 3 NICE SUNNY FRONT
t-^O rooms, opposite South Park, and a fine
yard; rent $10 and water free. .s • ' •.
. Sixteenth Street.
Qf)9R SIXT NICELY FURNISHED
""• jO sunny parlor for lor 2 gentlemen; $8. ,
Sutter street. 5-TJ i'
709 SUTTER-2 NICELY FURNISHED
1 * — ' rooms with bath: 4 closets; 2 attic rooms;
above running water; $20 monthly. ...
Taylor Street.
99Q TAYLOR-L ARGE. SUNNY FUR-
— — <(J nished room, with closet and use of bath;
suitable for 2 gentlemen; $12 a month.
41 A TAYLQU-3 NICE BEDROOMS: SUITA-
orxv ble for gentlemen ; use of bath. .
*- . . 1 cluiiii.i Street. . r* -
O(]Q TEHAMA, NEAR FOURTH— FURNISH-
•-'^' l ed room 8 for housekeeping; reasonable.
: ■ Tenth Street. •
"1 1 D TENTH — LARGE FRONT PARLOR;
J^J-O piano; grate: bath; private family; cheap.
"I 90 TENTH— NICELY FURNISHED LARGE
-*-* -( rooms; lor 2 gents or light housekeeping;
cheap. '
Third Street. .
TyiNCHESTER' HOUSE— 44 THIRD, NEAR
'» Market; most convenient and respectable; 200
rooms 26c to $1 60 per night ; »1 50 10 $6 per week;
electric lights in every room reading I'm: tree bus.
THIRD, KOSTER HOUSE— FURNISHED
■i*\JU rooms, single and suites: $8 mid 816 up.
UNFURNISHED ROOM. .'. 7
"I A '7^IFViI^LE a\saNT~SUNN Y""tIXFUIf
-1- ' ' I nished rooms to let. ■ ■
■ BOARDING AND BOOKS.
TTACKMEIER'S HOTEL, 128-129 EDDY^ST."
.O. . new management: GEORGE GRi'EXIG. pro-
prietor; board and room $5 and $6 a week and up.
TV'ICELY FURNISHED ROOMS: UNSUR-
-i-* passed for neatness and comfort: 50c, 75c and
$1 per day; $2, $2 60, $3 per week and up; $8 tp
$30 per month. Hackmeier'sHotel. • .
BEST TABLE BOARD IN THE CITY; $4 50
week, $16 a month, at Hackmeier's Hotel.
GEORGE GRUENIG, Proprietor. . ,
CAO VAN NESS AYE.— NICELY FUUNISH-
<J.V-^ ed front suite; also single; with or without
board.
AQ POST ST.— NEWLY FURNISHED, SUN-
O\JiJ ny rooms: running water: first-class table
board. ' . . ■ : '- ■ . '
OAIKTHING DESIRABLE FOR CIENTLE-
men at 1401 Van Ness aye. cor. Bush st, !
"I 49] STEINER— CHOICE SUNNY ROOMS,
x"i-Jx with bath and excellent board, $25; one
room, 16x20: suitable lor married couple or 2
younjrmen; $45. .. •
I 1 /• TURK — REMODELED — FURNISHED
X-.LU suites and single; first-class table board.
9QQ HYDE— LARGE, SUNNY ROOM; HOT
■&OU and cold water; extra table.
1 A_( LOTT, TWO BLOCKS FROM BAKER— j
"i""± sunny roorn^ with hoard. ' , •
OTEL BERTLING. 714 JIUSH— A FAMILY
hotel: references given and required;, all mod-
ern conveniences. •*-■. ■ ■ ■ ' ■ - 7 -'- r^-:
OHILDKKN pOAKDIiI). J
\\- ! HOW WISHES 2 C^ILDtIESr^TO
'" board, or comfortable home for invalid. 630Va
Olive aye., near Buchanan st. .. . ;
LADY WOULD LIKE 1 OR 2 SMALL CHIL- i
A-i dren or an infant to care for; best references.
803 Church St.. near Twenty-second. . ■ .
STORKS TO LET. '
x9^^Tx^ : H^??cmET^rTto^>M^7^TAu7l^
<-*— — •■£ yard; suitable for business or family;
rent $12. . :
T ARGE CORNER STORE; 2 ROOMS, BASE-
J-J ment and stable: suitable for grocery, etc.;
rent low. NW. cor Pacific and Hyde sts.
QUOKE AND 3 ROOMS; CHEAP RENT. 328
O Seventh st. ■ •
Cj OA 1003 LARK IN, COR. POST— NEW. CEN-
<T--v/. tral, living-rooms. App v KELLY, 102
Eddy st.
.-■ OJb'i'ICES TO LEX, "
ELEGANT OFI : r 6IK^^RTrFE^SIONXL
XJ man will be vacated en March 1, at b5O Mar-
ket St., cor. Stockton; first floor.
tr.^GA'^TioFFICES^IN'NEW SPRECKEL3
XJ building, 926 Market: rents low; ■ no extra
charge for gas, janitor services or heating. Apply
at building or G. H. UMBSKN & CO.. 14 Montg. iL
PIANOS. VIOLINS, JETC.
XT ERE YoIjR^cIIANCET^A^GTI^IIUNTI
xx er— An elegant new Wheelock, bought in New
\ ork only a year ago, price $500. In perfect con-
dition, and offered for any reasonable price by
widow forced to return East: must be sold
Immediately; other high-grade' used pianos. Hard-
man, Stelnway. Chlckerlng, etc., at low prices and
easy terms: also 100 elegant new. pianos to select
from. THE J. DEWING COMPANY, second
floor Flood building, Fourth and Market sts. .
MAGNIFICENT "STEIN WAY PIANO OF-
. fered by lady forced to put with It: install-
tuents if required. Room 21; 809 Market st.
*I £A ELEGANT UPRIGHT PIANO;
lu^- splendid tone: bargain. 116 Seventh.
9 REGISTER PEDAL PIPE - ORGAN FOR
— church or studio; cheap. 815 Webster st. v •
TFERY FINE UPRIGHT . PIANO, ALMOST
. » new; great sacrifice. Can be seen mornings
and evenlnga at 2030 Bush st. / ■■■■ ■
Ct7~£v CHICKERING " ROSEWOOD . PIANO*
-jp I «J. cost $500; $5 Installments. 221 Lcvnwrth'.
OTEINWAY, $165; WEBErtTIi^O; SMALL
O upright, $80; bargains. BRUENN, 228 Tost.
<SiA() BARGAIN; FIXE PIANO; GOOD
«C 5 ±\J. condition. SCHMITZ, 16 McAllister st.
next Hibernia Bank. " • '
A SPECIAL SALE OF PIANOS. CHEAP FOR
-ex. cash, this week at MAUVAIS', 769 Market st.
COME IN AND HEAR THE LATEST
\J novelty- the Osslan attachment piano, man-
dolin, guitar, harp and banjo, all in one: very sim-
ple; guaranteed to keep in order; call and see it-
beautiful effect. .1. T. BOWERS & SOS, sole
agents, 23 and 25 Fifth St., nr. cor. Market.
MAHOGANY UPRIGHT, CHEAP. CALL
at once 1623 Buchanan. • -
SHAW, $425: 2 STEINWAYS. $215, $195-
Sommer,'s237; squares, $25, $55: rents $2
up, allowed on purchase. HEINE, 136 Ellis st.
Pianos^ ~~ ; ■--..- ~ — : t
X -. Hazelton, Hemme and Long, Brown and
Simpson; easy. terms. Y35 Market st- .
9ft f\(\() «HEET MUSIC 1 CT. COPY. STa't-
Z.U.UUU HAM'S Piano Store, 106 -McAllister st.
pOOD PIANOS CHEAP, CHEAP PIANOS
VJT good, at MAUVAIS', 769 Market st.
HAINES BROS. PIANO. PATTI'S PREFER-
ence; also renowned Bush & Gerts' piano.
A. L. BANCROFT & CO., 324 Tost st. .
poxovEß PIANO; AS GOOD AS new-
VJ great sacrifice. The F. W. SPENCER COM-
PANY, 338 lost st.
H I C K BRING, K NABE, STECK.VOSE, STER-
\J ling pianos; see our new piano forslB7; pianos
lor rent. BEXJ. CPBTAZ & SON, 16 O'Farreli.
M.G.BADGER REMOVED TO 26 O'FAR-
rell, room 1. first floor; take elevator; pianos
end organs sold for cash or installments. '
AS OUR NEW RENT CONTRACT PL
for Belling pianos has met with great success
we have decided to continue supplying purchasers
that wish to lake advantage of it* please call and
have It explained. SHERMAN, CLAY & CO.
corner Keamy and Sutter sts. ■ • "
ffl{ I rr r-- CASH OR INSTALLMENTS; WEBER
<fl"-»- I <^« upright; perfect order, 103 9 Van Ness.
DECKER BROS., STEIN WA V .FISCHER ANO
■*-/ other first-class makes x>t pianos: little used:
cheap for cash or on easy terms. KOHLEH I &
CHASE, 28 and 30 O'Karrcll at.
EAS V TERMS;:LOW PRICES. KOHLER &
CHASE. ■-■■. . :.• -.:■->:
BYRON MAUZY, 308 POST~ST.-SOHMER,'
Newby «fc Evans, Brlggs and other pianos.
UPERIOR VIOLINS. ZITHERS. OLD NEW
O H. MULLER, maker, repairer, 2 Latham place.
QTEINWAY, $215: WEBER; $2651 SOMKR,
kJ $237; Wily,, $125; squares, $35 and $55.
HEINE. 410 Post st. . ■■•'■. ' • ..,,■•"-.■.
ARRIVED— LOT OF CELEBRATED HIGH-
■£ v grade x. L. Neumann pianos for the holidays:
prices and terms ■ moderate. H. ' LUEDERS, 8J
Ninth st. : . -.•■■■'• ■-.- ■■--■.■ " :
PEN FOR BUSINESS. :" ~~."~~"
The finest line of ■ new pianos for rent »n<l i»lt
In ban Francisco. J. HARRY SCOTT,
929 Market st.. Spreckels building.
CHEAPEST AND BEST IN AMERICA— THE
WEEKLY CALL, sent to .any address In the
United States or I Canada one year for $150, ' post-
ag free.- ' - - - '■ .-.. --r;- - ■■..■ ...... ' : -,
STOKAGiC : ."..-■•" - •
A pplV"forTiati:s for OTORIXG'-FURIST-
■ty. ture, etc. SHIRE A SHIREK, 747 Market. '
\ 51ERICAN FURNITURE CO., 1127 MAR-'
-^»- ket; storage at lowest rates. 'Phone Mint 32. ,*
Tl I . ROO N Y.~72'2~M I ON — ST< ) AT
I X •reduced' rates: basement storage ,$1 50 per load
STORAGE OF FURNITURE, PIANOS,; ETC..
R. F. OSBORN & CO.. 751 and 753 Market st.
TORAGE OF FURNITURE, PIANOS, HOUBE-
O told goods, etc. J. M. PIERCE, 735 Market st.
WILSON -,-. BROTHERS. ';.< 1710 « MARKET—
Btofragy; low rates: ■ telephone South 763. -■ ■-:*
■'- ;..;■. : '.:■' >. SJSWIXG -^MACHINES. .^V'-y.
ALL KINDS BOUGHT, SOLD, EXCHANGED,
rented, repaired s lowest rates, j 205 Fourth st.
•/■. ■ - - -
PERSONALS.
ALL LAJUES THI^S ARE JN^'ITED
to call at Quade's groce.T'Bt;ore, 636 Market
St., and sample the delicious I Point Reyes' cream
on exbibiiion there;. It will keep sweet Indefinite-
ly: is absolutely pure, natural and unadulterated,
and can be used for all domestic purposes: will re-
main fresh and sweet five days after jar is opened ;
samples free. ■-t :■ •.' • ■!■ . :-;:. ;
T3AZOR-FIXINQ QUR SPECIALTY; GRIND-
-tV> ing new edge on '.razor, 25c; razor concaved,
:' soc:. -razor .-boning find setting, 25c;' first-class
work.. Razor Exchange, 630 Market St. : . • •
"PRIVATE LESSONS IN BOXING AND
X physical culture. 808 Leaven worth st.
TT AIRDKESSING TO TAKE A WOMAN'S
n eye; that's my kind: I have the best, artists in
the city and my price is 26c; switches 76c and $1.
G. LEDERER, 111 Stockton St. ; ... ;
A DVICIT FREE; PIVOKCK LAWS A : SPE-
-i*. cialty; private; no charge unless successful; all
law suits, claims, collections, wills, deeds, etc., at-
tended to. G.W. HOWE,atty-at-law, 850 Market at
DITH E. MCLEAN, PHYSICIAN FUR THE
hair; scalp diseases a specialty; rooms for la-
dies; - best city references. Room 45, at. Ann's
building. • -'- ■'-. : - ■ ■ ■-.-■• :■■■■■.■■ .• 
rpo THE NEW PLACER GOLD FIELDS OF
-1 Cooks Inlet, Alaska. For passage and freight
apply to C. D. LAPP, 9 Third st.
AIR RESTORER AND.CURLER; ONE AP-
n plication will convince the most skeptical of
its wonderful virtue. P80F... KNOTT, 1077
Market St., upstairs. . :' . : - .
EMOVAL-DR. MILTON J. BOWERS, 124
O'Farrell. Telephone, Bush 21.
ffl»l- A ROOM: CARPETs? CLEANEJ) ON THE
«Ip -L' floor. 206 Leavenworth si.
20-PAGE BOOK, "SIGHT. PERFECT
and Defective," postpaid. L. KUTTNEH & CO.,
Opticians, 1644 Market St., Hotel St. Nicholas. S. F.
RS. DR. A.SYKES. BEAUTY' DOCTOR, HAS
taken offices at 330 Ellis st. ; steaming and
treating ladies' faces a specialty.
MR S. M. H. OBKR. HEADQUARTERS OK
-Ypsilantl Union Suits and Equestrian Tights
Jaros Underwear; Ober Corsets for stout figures.
Sole agont for Equipoise Waists, Jennes Miller
goods and Gertrude baby outfits; great reductions:
send for catalogue. 34 Geary St., San Francisco.
CIHEAPEST AND BEST; GET OUR FIGURES
\J for paper-hanging and painting. Co-operative
PaDer-hanging Company, 635 McAllister st.
HENNA: $1: HAIR DYE; PER-
J-J fectly harmless:, easily applied; all druggists.
LANGLEY & MICHAELS CO., agnnts, 8. F.
fl_"I .FOR 10 CENTS — CLOAKS, JACKETS,
*IPi- capes, sold at 10c on the dollar in the base-
ment of ARMAND CAILLEAU, 43 Geary st.,
cor. Grant aye. ■'■' ■. .
\ DbIfESSED~TO THOSE AVHO WANT TO
J\. become Invest your money In Stockton
(the future Chicago); I will sell you property for
$5 per month. Write to CHARLES PSCHER-
HOFER, 1706 Clay St., S. F. ■ . -.- --■ ■ .;■
10LEPHONE OYSTER COMPANY, 1443
i- Polk, sells high-grade chicken tamales and oys-
ter loaves; delivery to 12 p. m. ■ .
1/>OR FINE POULTRY and game go TO A?
X STRASSEU, 78 and 79 Center Market.
PARTINGTON'S SCHOOL OF MAGAZINE
-L and Newspaper Illustration; day and evening
classes; instructors, .1. H. E. Part|ngton, Gertrude
Partlugton,R.L.Partlngton. Particulars 424 Pine st
R. E. BOBBINS, THE CELEBRATED PHY-
slcian, has removed f m 8 Mason to 1508 .Market
ENRY HUFSCUMIPT, PLUMBER AND
gasiltter; gas fixtures lowest • price.' 623
Golden Gate aye.; telephone Sutler 471. •
1 i\l\l\ BUSINESS CA KDS, $1 fill; I'ELK-
XyJV\J phone -Black 141.". HILL.22 Geary, r. 39
BOURQUIN'S CAL'A ASTHMATIC PAPER;
instant relief. For sale by all druggists or Cen-
tral Pharmacy, SW. cor. Grant aye. and Sutter st.
SECOND-HAND AS WELL AS NEW BARS,
0 showcases, counters, shelvings, mirrors, desks,
safes, chairs, scales, etc., and a very large stock of
them, too; be sure and see stock and get prices be-
fore going elsewhere. • J. NOON AN, 1017, 1019,
1021, 1023 Mission st., above sixth. ■ :-.
ELECTRIC LIGHTS IN EVERY ROOM—
Chester House. 44 Third st., near Market; 200
rooms, 250 to $1 50 per night; $1 60 to $o per
week: free bus to and from the ferry. •
IBKItAL, ADVANOKfj ON DIAMONDS, JEW-'
elrj r . etc. : lowest rates. 948 Market st. ■
pLOAKS, CAPES AND SUITS RETAILED at
\J mfrs" cost. Factory, 20 Sansome st.. upstair*
GOLD, SILVER, GENTS AND LADIK*
clothing bought. COLMAN. 41 Third st.
~~~ Dlll-SSiUAKliJtts.
REMOVED-BRADLEY, TO 410 TAYLOR ST. ;
JIX stylish suits $6 up; dresses made over.
rTIHE ART OF CUTTING DRESS .WAISTS,
-L without any seams, taught at 28% Sixth st.
ft.")! GEAR Y~ST".— STYLISH SILK WAISTS,
'■)»■ 1. L'ooiNf iirn.s'ii-d. 50 up: latest dresses $5.
. • HEDIOAL.
Rr~jrrEI7~JOSSELY Nr^HE~(rßEAr~SPE-
ciahst, still offers his valuable services to the
unfortunate. With a mind matured and enriched
by studies of an advanced order, there is hardly a
disease in the catalogue.of human ills he cannot
treat to a perfect cure. His knowledge has beeu
strengthened by extensive experience. , Ladies, no
. case peculiar .your delicate organism is beyond
his sure control. His female monthly remedies are
sure and safe in their effects. His tried and valu-
able remedies for lost manhood are never failing In
their action and warranted for both young and old.
He excels all others in the cure of private diseases.
Over 60 years of practice enables him to warrant a
cure in all cases. Consultation parlors. 1320 Mar-
ket st., opposite Odd Fellows' Hall. Direct all let-
ters to box 2275. - , . . . • .
AN PROCESS— NO MEDICINE, INSTRU
merits or worthless pills used; every woman
her own physician for ail female troubles, no mat-
ter from what cause; restores always in one day:
if you want to be treated safe and sure call 00 men's
physician ;knowledge can be sent and used at home;
all cases guaranteed. DR.' POPPER. 3.18 Kearny su
ALL FEMALE IRREGULARITIES RE-
stored- in a few hours; safe and sure relief at
anytime; travelers helped at once; home in con-
finement: French pills guaranteed: consult free.
MRS. DR. WEYTH, 916 Post, St., near Larkin.
BLESSING TO LADIES SUFFERING FROM
JJ female troubles peculiar to their sexes; our
treatment never fails to cure a single case: beware
of frauds: couft; direct to Woman's Dispensary. 14
McAllister at., next Hibernla Bank; consult free
DR. and MRS. DA VIES; home in confinement*
French Female Pink Pills.
I A DIES. CONSULT MRS. DR. SCOTT.
■i 216 Lowell st.; only qualified specialist; $500 ■
for case I fall to cure; diseases of the eye treated
ECZEMA. RHEUMATISM. ASTHMA; HAIR
i-i grown on bald heads.' and other chronic diseases
treated by W. H. DRUHE, at 1207 Market street,
rooms 2 and 3; German spoken. ■.';,;•
A HOME, A FRIKNDXND'aiOTHER'S CARE;
T, housekeeping apartments;, strictly private.
MRS. DR. FUNKE, 1416 Eighth St., Alameda.
ALPEAU'S FRENCH PILLS-A BOON TO
ladles troubled with irregularities: no danger-
safe and sure; $2 GO express C. O. D. ; don't delay
until too late. OSGOOD BROS., Oakland, Cal.
MRS. AND PR. HEP.WIG, PRIVATE CON-
finement home; good care and attendance-
prices reasonable. 710 Ellis st.
IVHALL, 14 MCALLISTER STREET, NEAR
.Jones. Diseases of women and children.
DBS. GOODWIN. MAKES A SPECIALTY OF
' diseases of women and restores all cases of Ir-
regularity in one day, guaranteeing a cure or no
charge; separate home for patients; best skill-
medicnl attendance; low lees;' regulator $■'
IS7O Market. • . '
TADIES — DAUDET'S FEMALE REGULA '
J-J ting Pills: strongest, safest, best; never fail-
sl p*r box. WIDBER'sJ store, 14 Ellis st.
formerly cor Market and Third sis., sole agents.
A SURE CURE FOR ALL FEMALE DIS-
»-aßes, from whatever cause: a home in con-
nnemeht with every comfort; satisfaction cuar-
anteed, by MBS. DR. OWYER. 226 Turk st.
\,|KS..DR. SVEGENEK; PRIVATE HOME IN
**•• confinement; irregularities cured in. a few
hours without operation ; pills $2. 419 Eddy st.
pi F IRREGULAR OR ANY FEMALE"dISEAS«
■*- gee Mrs. Dr. Piietr. end be ■ content. 254y a 4ta.
HONKV 1.0 A A.
ONEY TO LOAN ON MORTG^U^eThTcoiZ
laterals; low rate. J. E. DAMON, 303 Montg.
"MORTGAGES, PROBATE LOANS, WAR-
rants. SALOMON C 0.,328 Montgomry,r.2l4.
OAKLAND LOANS ON - REAL, ESTATE" 7
first mortgages secured on short notice; cur-
rent rates of interest. HUGH M. CAMERON'
Broker, 479 Ninth St., Oakland. • *'
ON Y TO LOAN ; PRIVATE. 410 KE AItNY
. St., room 6. • . . : '
A DVANCESONDIAMONDS.JEWELKY ETC
colutubiu Loan & Collateral Office, 9 Grant aye.
ANY AMOUNT: IST, 2D or 3D MORTGAGES 7
estates, undivided interests, real estate in ;>rol
bate. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, rooms 2-3. - -. •
"I OANS IN SUMS TO SUIT BY THE COSMOS
-LJ Loan Association, cor. Battery and Pine sts. 1
"MONEY LOANED ON JEWELRY AND
1 , ni .°, , her val "» bl at the Security Loan Office.
I Ob Market St.. nr. Mason private entrance 7 Turk.
BIRECT FROM US ON, YOUR FUKNITURIi
or piano; no removal;:- no delays; no commis-
sions; low interest; also warrants discounted Pri-
vate office rm. 68, Donohoe build 1170 Market
Isr ■_'[) MORTGAGES; INTERESTS IN-ESr
J-tates;lowest rates;no deIay .MURPHY I G2BMrkU
A Ny SUM ;OF MONEY ADVANCED . ON
-Tl. your furniture, pianos; lowest rate; call and
state your proposition or write; open evenings
_______ _ J. NOONAN, 1021 Mission st.
< $ r son"nnn oN real ESTATE; lowest
»iTOv»,UUUrii[os, A.SCHULLER.SOB Montgy
s • ; PAWXBKOK
AT 126 1 KEARNY ST.. ROOM 9— MONK V
loaned, watches, diamonds,' etc.; low rates: p: 1
vate rooms: elevator: ; pledges tor sal i cheap. '- ■ '.
;• FIIiA.NtIAL. ■■;,.-;•• . >.- .-.-
iT OANS ON IST AND.2Dm6rTGAGeITaND
J.J life Insurance policies: low rate of interest-
bankbooks bought.-^ 330 Montgomery at. : ..:.-'
1 00 000 TO LOAN ON LIFE INS. POLI-
<J>IUU.UUU cles. JOS. P..TOPLITZ. 330 Pine.
~ " PHYSICIANS. ~~~~
DEM^vlKD^Dßyd r c'6'^6l?N^Lir^-iails6
XV Market St.; diseases of woman a specialty.
R.A.DF.LUCIS,PHYSICN-SURGEON,ROYAri
Unlvei-aity Turin, ltaly. Nucleus bldg-,661 Markt
. CITY REAL ESTATE. \'_' L _ '_.
/~1 H. UMBSEN : _ CO.
REAL ESTATE AGENTS. RENT COLLECTORS
■_.: AND AUCTIONEERS.
. Office and Salesroom, . . .'.
v 14 Montgomery si., near -Market. . ■'.".; ■••
Call and obtain one of our "Real Estate Records," ■
which contains a list of properties lor sale in all
I arts of the city.
TWO SALES BY ORDER OF TRUSTEES AT
OUR SALESROOMS. _..
FlRST— Saturday, February 29, 1896, at 12
o'clock noon, improvements and lot 1:5x90:6; W.
line of Webster st., distant 27:*% S. of Clay.
SECOND— Monday. March 9, 1896, at 12 o'clock
noon, (a) Lot, 50.\134:3: W. line of Eureka St.,
distant ] 25:4 south of Ocean-house road or 21st st.
(b) improvements consisting of frame dwelling
and lot 20x55 on the NW. line of Hunt St., distant
120 N_. of 3d.
IMPROVED PROPERTY AT PRIVATE SALES.
'-"'■% :-■■"■'.■:* BARGAINS. ./
GOOD INVESTMENT. / •-"- - . ■'
$7000— Rent $840 per annum: 2 substantial
houses in several tenements and- lot; in. side of
Vallejo St., near -Stockton; street accepted.
TWO PAYING FLATS. '. :"
<n»_Q£;A FOURTEENTH ST.— 2 COMPA-
Vprt^O\J. rat ively new bay-window flats; brick
foundation; stone walks; 'etc.; btreet accepted;
sunny side ; rent, $408 per annum. .
A REAL WESTERN ADDITION BARGAIN.
(£?£QOO GOLDEN GATE AYE. 801/LE-
isi\Ja\J\J. yard— 2 flats and cottage; 10t27:6x
137:6; front part of lot. vacant; 3 flats could be
built and with the present rent, $38, made to pay
at least 10 per cent net on the investment. v
WELL-PAYING INVESTMENT ON GEARY
STREET. ..' ' / -.■:,
<n»Q,r:rjri SUBSTANTIAL 3-STORY HOUSE
*SDO*J\J\J. in flats; brick foundation, etc; room
for 3 more flats; 3.4:41/2x137:6.
SMALL WESTERN ADDITION INVESTMENT.
S9JfMI BEIDEMAN STREET— 2 FLATS
«JP^*±UV/. of 5 rooms each; lot 25x90; rent
$246 per annum ; street accepted. _■ :'.*,'-;
BUSINESS CORNER NEAR 23D AND VA-
LENCIA. -~: • .
Q£.d7~\Cl ' STORE AND 4 .ROOMS.- AND
<]Dtr I O\l. upper flat of 7 rooms and bath; lot
29x79; rent $30. : " • •
GOOD INVESTMENT NEAR MARKET ST. *; -',
<£:1 "1 (U\f\ 2 HOUSES OF 6 ROOMS EACH
«3!II.UuW. and 2 flats: bay-windows; brick
foundation: rents 72; lot 27:6x120: 2 frontages. \
: G. H. UMBSEN & CO., 14. Montgomery st.
O'FARRELL & CO., ~ V :-:.■'.'■■:• -•' '." - .-'
V REAL ESTATE AGENTS. HOUSEBROKERS
AND AUCTIONEERS, -> ■ . X - -
- : ;~ 11 MONTGOMERY- ST. \. ',
©OA 000 THREE HANDSOME, NEARLY,
«ID*iv/.\/IJU. new residences on corner right at
main entrance to Golden Gate Park: rents $lbO
per, month; a solid and substantial investment,
with an assured future. -. -■■■ . • ": ■•■ ,-." .
CjOOAA NEAR FOLSOM." AND SEVENTH
«U).£OvV/. sis., on small street; flats rented for
$20 per mouth; lot 20x75; owner wants an offer.' '
<st7nnn PROBATE SALE;. MAKE OFFER:
»J) I \J\I\J . Washington st., near Dupont; rented
to Chinese for $80 per month. ' TV : .* ■■ .
fij^XAfk RENTS $55 PER MONTH; TWO
tjpUUUU. new flats, 5 and 6 rooms and bath;
Ashhnry Heights, overlooking Golden Gate Park;,
sunny exposure: lot 25x116. '■' .
ffIjQOOO TURK ST., NR. VAN NESS? AYE.;
»ipOUUu.lot has 2 frontages; 27:6x120; both
streets paved and accepted; 2-story house used as
a laundry; rents $40; tenants will pay increased
rental for lease and pay water and make repairs.
<fI;P.AAA WEBSTER STREET: PACIFIC
%S>O\j\)\) . Heights; magnificent view; nearly
new 2-story house of 8 rooms and bath; worth
$8000: sold at this low figure to make immediate
sale; close to Paciflc-ave. cable and Fillmore-st.
electric-car 3. ;. ' ;. ■:>
(J_l G.C\ PER FOOT: WORTH $200 PER FOOT;
-»-"•'" 200 feel front; N. side of Harrison B«r,
bet. stb and 6th ; will be sold in sizes to suit.
©Q7XO SACRAMENTO ST., NEAR DE-
tJDt) • O\J, vliiadero; . cottage' of 6 -rooms and
bath; worth $5000; street paved and accepted. ■
©97KA RIOHT AT TRANSFER POINT
tjp^j i tJ\J. between Sutter-si. cable-cars and Su-
tro electric-cars; large lot ; suitable for business.
©QAO SANCHEZ ST., A FEW STEPS
tJPt/v/U.'from 24th-st. branch of Mission-st. elec-
tric-cars; lot worth $1350. '
<__t9^. A BUCHANAN ST., NEAR SUTTER
*4T '""'• and California st. .cable-cars; resi-
dence of 8 rooms and bath: lot worth the money.
<H» 1 £00 BERNARD ST., BET. JONES AND
liP-LOv/v'. Leavenworth, Broadway and Pacific;
street paved and accepted: 2-story house, suitable
for 1 or 2 families. . .;
Market st. through to 17th ; 2 stores and 2 flats;
Improvements nearly .new; make us an offer-
worth $12,500,
O'FARRELL A CO.,
Real Estate Agents, House
' ' : Brokers and Auctioneers.
fl> 1 af\f\ FOR "SALE— COTTAGE 4 ROOMS
»Tr JLUI.H7. and bath. 11 Florence St., off Broad-
way, bet. Jones and Taylor. __ .
ICHMOND. : : ' ~ ~ =
RICHMOND. •
• . RICHMOND.
RICHMOND. . :r< ■•'■•-
The block bounded by Lake, California, 11th
and 12th ayes. has been placed In our hands
tor sale. - - ■' .. . . ■ •
if you are interested go right out and look st
these lots. Our bill an each, giving price, size. etc.
The cheapest lots in Richmond.
$600 AND UPWARD. :
$50 CASH, $10 MONTHLY.
Streets sewered, graded and macadamized. Take
the Sutter-st. cars; transfer to Suiro electric road.
See these lots; they are bargains.
There are a few lots left on 25th avc, Clement
st. and Point Lobos aye. Prices $375 and upward.
Terms. 850 cash, $10 monthly. Sntro cars pa3s
the property. Only 15 minutes from Central aye.
. BALDWIN & HAMMOND.
,--.:."-: ; !"-:.; ; :: / 1.0 Montgomery st.
C. BEMIS. .'-- - . ! " ~- ~
. REAL ESTATE AND LAND AGENT,
_■• , • 324 MONTGOMERY ST.
FOR SALE. . . . . .
1120x195— NW. cor. of A st. and 27th are.; as a
whole or in subdivisions.
I,ooo— Pacific aye. and Baker st.; 55x
137 :6 feet. • .
$2600— E. side of stanyan st., bet. Carl and
Frederick; 25x100 feet. '
$450— san Carlos Villa lot; 100x150 feet.
$6700— 50x127:6. feet on Jackson st., overlook-
Ing the Presidio and bay. -. '. ■ . •.-
-' $6000—2 modern houses of 8 rooms each, at
park; 25x137:6 feet; electric road passes houses;
make offer. .. . ' - " . .
$2500— 2-story 8-roomed house on Harrison St..
bet. First ana Fremont.
$400— Lot on Duncan st.., bet. Noo and Castro: 25
xll4feet. : ■ .'- : ■ • .
$8500— Elegant NW. corner of Cole and Carl sts.
$300— Choice building lots north of park.
"1 LEFT OK THOSE ELEGANT COTTAGES;
X just completed ; 309 Khotwell St., near Seven-
teenth; 5 rooms; bath; gas: modern; open daily.
E. P. E. TROY, owner, 301 California st.
ujjOQAl) M ST BE SOLD; NEW 1-STOKY
<InOO"''. house; bar-arid 3 living-rooms; cigar-
store and stable; lot 25x1^0; well located; would
rent for $40: some cash, balance on ; easy terms.
Apply 715 Fifth aye., near Golden' Gate Park. :
OR SALE— CHEAP: LOT 25x125; WITH
J new cottage of 5 rooms; 131 Diamond st. Ap-
ply «12 22d st. ' ■■-.•.
Oil OHO FINE CORNER; 104x100; ON
JLUUU. Cal. and Nev. R. R. in Berkeley; $50
down. $15 monthly.' : ■' ' ' ■ -■ **?.-■ ■-■■
$350-1 acre hill land; $5 monthly. -.
$750— Business lot; 50x100; $10 monthly,
• $200— Lot 25x100: $5 down, $1 weekly.
CHA3.A. BAILEY, 46 Market st. ■ ' :
OR SALE OR EXCHANGE FOR SAN
Francisco property a modern house of 8 rooms
In Oakland. No -reasonable, oiler refused. Apply
28 VfeZoe St., city. ■.:■;-,"-:' . . ': . .:
O FLATS, 13 ROOMS AND BAT"HS, BAY-WlN-
dow, mantels.etc., built for s32oo; 6-room cottage
and bath. $1500. .lAS McCOvNAi-1AY.1149 Mission
• l!hi:i.',i.i.\ IUEAii iiSTATii.
ON'T YOU WANT TO LIVE~LON^AND~DIE
happy? then select your home in beautiful
Berkeley : lots, arid lots of them, for sale by JOS.
J. MASON,.Dwight-way station. .-.".: ; :
T OOK AT THIS— I HAVE FOR EXCHANGE
X-i for a small ranch » 6-room cottage; | lot 120 x
136; beautiful view; ' value $3000; mortgage
$1300. JOS. J. MASON, Dwieht.-way station.
I HAVE GOT JUST/WHAT YOU WANT; NEW
house; thoroughly well built; large corner. lot;
cars pass the door: and on your own terms. JOS.
J. MASON, Dwlght-way station.
SANTA CLARA COUNTY.
/ .-••.. IIEAI.J kstatje. . - ' .
S^n^a^cl^ra^6ljnt^y~property
for sale or exchange for «ity property: large,
residence, V well . furnished ; beautiful : ; grounds;
large oaks; suitable for gentleman's home, semi-
nary 'or summer boarding; with 160 acres or less;
■table, two I cottages, outhouses, ■ pavilion, : bored
well, windmill, horse-power, tanks, farming imple-
ments, I wagons, horses,' cows, . pigs, | chickens; -30
acres fruit trees, 2, 3 and 7 years 70 acres in wheat
and barley. For price and fur her particulars apply !
K. McCURRI &■ office Lloyd Tevis, MiiN bldy. s. F -
■";..'-. TO EXCHANGE. . ,'-* "
HrrA~(?RFrS~FR*UOiT~^^
O\J from San Francisco for. Oakland or Alameda
residence. L. box 18, Call Office.
TT«XCHANGE BRITANNICA ENCYCLOPEDIA
S-J with Index and supplement complete." 29 vols.,'
new; cost $174; want piano, bankbooks or cash
Offer. Address KENYON. 66614 Natoma st. ,
ri OOD RENTING OAKLAND AND BERKE-
\T ley property to exchange for land or ranches.
J. li. iiDSON, 908 Broadway, Oakland.
CITY REAL ESTATE..
AM. SPECK it CO.'S -~-::-y- -x .^ . ....
CHOICE INVESTMENTS.' ■'•" -. ■' -.- ;
£!XAA CASH, BALANCE IN EASY MONTH-
»4P*J \'\J ly payments, buys elegant new house of
- 2 flats of 5 and 6 rooms and bath , and large
lot; in perfect order. ■: .-
sEjXAA CASH, BALANCE OF $2500 SAME
1. VPO\J\J as rent, buys business property in Rich-
■ ■■■; : mond; rent $30. ■ ■
ft '^(W^n • HOUSE AND LOT WITHIN HALF
tJPOUUU. a block of 9th and Market; always
•■•-"•••■■- rented; part cash. •• .
yi.A.7 EsCl' ELEGANT BRAND FLATS,'
*iptt:lOU. vicinity of Haight and Stanyan; lot
25x137.. ' ■ • •
(jJt^OnA ELEGANT 7-ROOM RESIDENCE
«iPU\JV/vr. on Pine St.. near Devisadero.' ■■
"ft^r\- f)f\(\ business property very.
'ipfJU.\J\J\J. near the Baldwin; rents $250. •
"ijjQnnO STORE AND 2 FLATS: RENTS
<ip<J\J\J\J. $30; only a few blocks from the City
" Hall; must sell.
St^lOn* 2 FLATS ON CAROLINE, NEAR
iP tJ - L V\J. Parkin; rents $52: fronts .on two
streets. ; •- - .'■ ■ .
©Q7Afl REDUCED FROM $4800: 2 ELE-
Vfftj l \j\j. gant new nats . within. a block of i
car lines: pavß 10 per cent.
HsfvSfin « 3 ELEGANT NEW FLATS; RENTS
HPUOV/V/. $61 ; in vicinity of Haight st;
<pt'7ortft ■ a '• LEG ANT NEW FLATS ON
«JP I \J\J\J, McAllister st.
-KLEGANT RESIDENCE ONSUT-
-4T0U1./U. ter and Hyde.
A OFFER WANTED FOR AN ELEGANT
urx. 20-room mansion on N. line of Eddy st., near
i ranklin; lot 54x120 to rear street"; building
nearly new; cost over $20,000. .
CJQ7 BCISIJSBBB PROPERTY -RENTS
«©«->! .«JUU. $304 a month: lot 48x137.
t&RO 000 CORNER BUSINESS PROP-
«|i3UU.UUU. erty, with good improvements,
:-: r. : within a block of the Baldwin; lot 58x75 ■ all
- .' rented. ■■".-.'-;.•■
fII 0 000 BUSINESS PROPERTY ON
tJPXXU.UUU. Market St.; lot 60x165; 2 front-
■ ■.. ■■"' ages; inside. . ■ ■ .
<fe99X 000 business CORNER; 137
»4P £.^O.\J\J\J. feet front; vicinity of the Bald-
win: pays 6 per cent. ■ . ■
-. A. M. SPECK <fc CO.,
.'-■-■■ •-.-. :602 Marketst.
HOUSE OF 5 ROOMS, BATH, LARGE CEL-
lar and garden, lot 22:6x96. 24H9 Larkln st. (
/+y\ COU?ITttV,IiEAL .KSTATJb..
OR SALET-iN~SASTI)IEGb7 a" NTCE~COT^
tage, built 4 years ago by the owner; No. 818
Twenty-llfthst.; lot 70x75, centrally located, near
"new. railroad' depot; price $2500. Photograph of
property can be seen at 2319 Howard st., San
Francisco, Cat,' ; ;-: . .;■ . . ■■;; :-.:.-, ;
ESTABLISHED ...:......16 : YEARS.
N. I>. SIOKEI2S
.. - '-.;'■;' ' ;•;■. . .--• the- -.■■■ • '. . ■
LAND AGENT. .
SALE AND EXCHANGEof country property a
strict specially (3000 propositions/; ; most reliable,
1 ■■' ■■ .' --.' ■ -. latest and ■
Best systematized LAND OFFICE in -America.
620 Market St., opp: Palaoe Hotel, San -Francisco.
C\Aft ACRES: GOOD HOUSE; BARN; GRAIN
"^■'^ house; chicken house; spring water piped
to house; large spring which will furnish all water
1 needed for irrigation; all fenced; no frosts; one-
quarter of this is -the best .of oranee' and lemon
land; very small first payment; lons time.-com-
mencini- next fall; low Interest; price only $6 per
acre.' WARNER & CO., 465 Ninth St., Oakland. -
ORANGE BLOSSOM COLONY, .
, OAKDALK, STANISLAUS CO.. CAL.
; Beautiful young orange proves in tracts of 6 acres
: and'upward, lyin-calon; the Stanislaus River, two
and a half miles from Oakdale. the principal station
of the Southern Pacific Karl road onthe line between
t-tockton and JMercea. The Stanislaus and Saa
.loaquin Irrigation Company's canal ! runs directly
through . the • colony and the property has a per-
petual water right.
We are prepared to sell portions of -the property
either unimproved or already planted to Washing-
ton Navels, Mediterranean Sweets and Maltese
Bloods. The property is under the immediate
■ direction and care of an experienced horticulturist,
who has received diploma.? and medals at eight
' different county fairs in the State and for a small
consideration cares tor llxa orange groves for non-
residents. -
A high and dry conntry, with a perfect natural
drainage system. All kinds of small game near by '
affords excellent sport for hunters.
Prices for land, including a perpetual water right
ana planted to orange trees, $175 per acre. Unim-
proved land with 1 fully paid up water rights, $70
per acre. Terms: The purchase price payable in
six annual payments, without Interest; title per-
iect and liberal discount for cash.
' For further particulars, maps and catalogues, .U-
-£resd •■ ■
KASTON, ELDRIDGE <$ CO., ' .
. . '. • «as Market Street.
• .'-'■ san Francisco, CaL
CrF. T. KNEWINQ, our representative. - -;'.
; Oakdale, CaL
T ITTLE HOMES CLOSE TO TOWN; 13?
J-/ proved; easy* terms; also 4, 6 and 12 acre
pieces on 8 and 10 years' credit ; 3 partly improved,
with small house, etc D. H. T\V V LNG, Sonoma
City. Inquire 632 Market st., S. F.
ARIN COUNTY— ACRES 26 MILES
from San Francisco. ." '
• Rancho de Novato.
Tracts cut any size desired; fruit, --rain and
vegetable land, no irrigation; both rail and water
transportation; $40 to $75 ocr acre;. terms made
to suit; send for circular.
Improved dairy farms for sale with cows.
SYNDICATE INVESTMENT COMPANY, 64
and 65 Chronicle building.
END FOR OUR LIST OF ORCHARD HOMES
O for sale. WUOSTKR A WH ITTON. San Jose.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— BROADWAY.
OAKLAND HEAL ESTATE. . '■
FOR SALE 6^~^^TIXN(?E~FOR"REAL
estate— Coal, wood and feed yard in Oakland ;
paying cash ' business. J. H. EDSON. 908 Broad-
way, Oakland.
AYE A HOME BUILT ON YOUR OWN
plans: Oakland,- Berkeley or Alaiueda; easy
terms; want to exchange, choice orange lands for
vacant lots: land free and clear: will assume some
mortgage. CHAS. P. KERN, Central Bank build-
ng, Oakland. ■ ■ ■ -
<jtl t\ft LOTS NEAR THE ALTENHEIM IN
«H>J.OV/. Frail vale; electric cars; only $1 down
, and $1 a week; selling fast; good improvements.
H. B. P.'NNEY .owner. SU2 Broadway. Oakland.
OAKLAND HOUSES TO LET.
OR RENT— RF.DUCEIjr^iODERNr~CEN'-
traI, sunny, nearly new, decorated house of 9
rooms. Call at 539 Jones or Twenty-second at., west
of Telegraph avenue, Oakland; good location for a
doctor. . ■ •
rnisiTed COTTAGE, STABLE, chicken
yard, sl2; will sell on easy terms. Room 1,
1055 Broadway.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— I43S PARK STREET.
" ALA3ZJ.UA KEA.L ESTATE.
FOR SALE-FINE HOME ON CENTRAL
aye., cost $11,500, now offered for $9000,
choice property; lot 69x400 with water front, offer
wanted: fine investment in vacant lots. .E. D.
JUDD. 1424 Park St., Alameda. .
ALAJEU£IA6£ LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were Issued by
the County Cleric's office yesterday:
Roderick McLean and Lena Weber, 26—19.
J. Dubacher and Wilhelmina Baumann. 32—32.
Christian Hansen and Nellie Murphy, 31— 30.
E. F. Gielow and Florence- Inselmann, 23—22.
Grover Claire and Marie slaven, 31—25.
James Bolger and Bridt-et Cullen, 38—27.
George Banks and Emma Olsen, 25—
George C. Wood and Johanna Fennel, 26—26.
Charles Joseph arid Marie Letoille,'.4o— 33.
J. Winner and ClaraWeingarten, 43—30.
Cornelius T. Fowier Alice Mosley, 23— 22. '
11. L. Holdsworth and Ella P. Wheeler. 31—20.
~ JUIVOKCJfi : FKOCJEJiiDINGS. ~
Divorces granted: ' T~~ -\ •
Grace Klttredge from Addison G. Kittredge, for
neglect; by Judge Hebbard. Plaintiff awarded
custody of minor child. " v - ••
. Lulu Reiss from Hugo Reiss, for neglect- by'
Judge Hunt. Plaintiff allowed to- resume her
maiden name of Lulu Gates.' J : •;.-
-liiiTilS^-MAi[RIAGES---D£ATfIS.
BOKN. .
ALEXANDER— In this city, February 18. 1896,
- to the wife, of Harry C. Alexander, a daughter.
COHL— In this city, February 17, 1896, to the
wife of L. Cohl. a daughter. ' . •-
GABBS— In this city, February 25, 1896, to the
wife of J. L. Gabbs, a daughter. .
O'NEILL— In this city, February 17, 1896, Ito the
wife of James O'Neill.' 1 a.son. - - .-.■'.'; ■,
MARRIED. . ■,
CHEFFERS-WILLIAMS-Inthisclty>ebruary
22, 1896, by the Rev. E. B. Stewart, Charles H.
Cheft'ers and Nellie Williams, both of San Fran-
cisco. ".- ..•'■•.;.-. ' ■,■'■-; . ■ ■ . / -.■ . ,- .-
KEPFLER— UMBACH— In this city, February 24,
1896, by the Rev. E. B. Stewart, Louis C. Kep-
lier and Adele M. Umbach, both of San Fran-
cisco. ;-;..... ;.. ■;■. . - r - ::..,.'
MAYNARD— CANAL— In this city, February 20,
1896, by the Rev. E. -: B. Stewart, ' Maurice B.
Maynard of Oakland and Louise Canal of San
Francisco. " .
SEGKR-McMILLEN-February 23, 1896. by the
Rev. C. J. Larsen, Henry J. Setter and Mrs. Liia
. McMillen, both of San Francisco. : v ■ '
WAUGH-MELBdURNE-Tn this city, February
16, 1896, by the Rev. Father, Gleason, S. G.
. Waugh and Daisy F. • Melbourne, both of San
■Francisco. . ' r ■■■ * - - ■ >. .;.; ■ , x - •
".-- ; ; .-. . ••;•. ra.x.ti. . ..; , ;,.-'■/;... :■■
. Alve3, Aldora Marcus, Lizzie
Burress. J ohn E. • , O'Brien, Eugene -■>
Byrne, Ellen ; ".: .O'Donnell, Martin
Cook, Christine . ;• • Ohlsson, John
Eckhoff, William T.. \ Prioe, Helen L. '
Hesketh, Joseph H. . : ■- Prickett, Albert J.
. Ilurly, Beatrice  '■ Russell; Allan G. '-.-■" ■
Irwin, MiciKiel- ' Kusteberg, Frederike-
Kelly, Malachl *. Hullivan, Timothy H.
Kenny, John F. ■; Thompson, William J.
Lee, Anna  .'. . Thompson, Mrs. A.
Lincoln, Jerome . Wallace. William H.
:-. Leuman. Mary '. Welch, Mary E. '.■' •
Liudhard, Mrs. Mary Wingate, Jennie " .
ALVES— in Oakland, February 24, 1896,- Aldora
Alves, a native of the Azores, aged 28 years 1
month and 28 days.
BURRESS— In Beaumont, j Cal., February 25,
1596, John K. Burresa. I a native of Tennessee,
aged 56 years and 11 days. •■ , *• . • ' ■• •
BYRNE— In *his city, February 25, 1896, Ellen,'
beloved wife of James I). Kyrne.and sister of
-.Maggie I'o.-.ui and Mrs. I>. Allen, a native of
Nev/ Orleans, aged 39 years. [Malison (Wis.)
• papers please copy. }?
i' Friends and acquaintances • are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
g (Thursday), at 9 o'clock a. m., from her late
residence, southeast corner Army and Castro
streets, thence to St. Paul's Church, where a ■
solem,n requiem mass will be celebrated for the ,
repose of her soul, commencing at 9:50 o'clock
a. m. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery
COOK— In this city, February 24. , 1896, Christine
Cook, beloved daughter of Maria Cook, and niece
of Louis Juhl, a native of Oakland, aged 6 years
8 months and 15 days. -.; v:
.- . aS-JTrlends and -acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock p. m., from .the
residence of her mother, 919 Union street, be-
tween Jones and Taylor. Interment 1. O. O. F.
Cemetery.
ECKHOFF-At Cripple Creek. Colo , Februnry 20,
1896, William T., beloved husband of Emille
. Eckhoff, aiidfatii r of Will!" and MHJIe Kcßhoff,
a native of Hamourg, Germany. aged- 52 ye.ars
9 months and 4 days. fNew York and Virginia
- papers please copy.].'
&»*Frien.ls and acquaintances are. respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock p. m., from the par-
lors of H. F. Suhr & Co., 1209 Mission street,
near Eighth. Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
HESKETH— In thfs city, February 24, 1896,
Joseph 11.. beloved husband of Catherine Hes-
keih, and father of Joseph. Maggie, Grace and
Walter Hesketh, . Mrs. A. Rauschenbaoh and
the late John and Rene E. Hesketh. a native
of New Yor£ City, aged 59 years 6 months and
15 days.
#3~Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock p. m., from his late
residence, 317 Thirteenth street, between Folsom
and Harrison, thence to st. Joseph's Cnurcn for
. services, commencing at : 2:30 o'clock v. m.
Interment -Mount Calvary Cemetery.
HURLY— In this city. February 24,1896, Beatrice
Ilurly, a native .of California, aged 6 years 4
months and 11 days. • . • ..•.-'"•;
IRWIN— In remescal, February '-'4, 1896, Michael,
beloved husband of Ellen Irwin, and father of
Mamie, Thomas. Anna and Lizzie Ir.vin.a native
of Ireland, aeed 55 years and 5 months. [Boston
and New York papers please copy.] •
• *3""* Friends and acqoaititauoes are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
"(Wednesday), at 10 o'clock a. m.. from nis jure
residence in Temescal, thence to Sacred Heart
Church, where a solemn requiem mas* will
. be celebrated for the repose fit his acul, com-
. mencing at 10:30 o'clock a. m. Interment St.
Mary's Cemetery, Oakland. : '■. -••'.;.*:;.
KELLY— this city, February 23. 1896, Malachi,
beloved husband of Johanna Kelly, father of
Margaret Kelly, and brother of Mrs. A. Trayers,
a native of the parish 01 Ballancourty, County
Gal way, Ireland, aged' 70 years. ;.
KB"Frioncls .and acquaintances , are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Wednesday), at 8:30 o'clock a. m.. from his late
residence, 8 Hanoi street, off Broadway, between
■ Montgomery and Sansome, thence to st. Francis
Church, Vail e jo street, . where a requiem high
mass will be celebrated tor the repos*
of his soul, commencing at 9 j o'clock a. m.
Interment Mount. Calvary Cemetery.
KENNY-In this city, February 24, 1896. John
F.. dearly beloved htisbnud of Nellie Kenny, and
father of Daniel F. and John E. Kenny, beloved
son of John -and Mary Kenny, and brother of
James E.. Mamie, and Delia Kenny ami Mrs. C.
M. Sommers, a native of San Francisco, Cal.,
age:l 33 years 4 months and 16 days.
A3"Frieud3 and acquaintances are respect-
: fully invited to attend the funeral Tills DAY
(Wednesday), at 9 o'clock A. m.. from hi.-i late
residence. 14 Capp street, thence to St. Charles
Horromeo's ; Church, where a solemn requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose of his
soul, commencing at 9:30 o'clock a. m. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemeter-. . . .
N. S. G. W.— Mission Parlor No. 38, N. S. G. W. :
•Officers and members are hereby notified to
assemble at 14 Capp Street .THIS DAY
(Wednesday), at 8:30 o'clock a. m. to attend the
funeral of our late brother. John F. Kenny. By
order of . . MARK McCORD, President.
James Kllisok, Secretary.
LEAMAN — In this city, February 25, 1896, Mary,
beloved wife of Valentine Leaman, mother of
' Irene. Valentine and Alice Leaman. daughter of
Ann and the late James Thomas, and sister of
John, William and Charles Thomas, a native of
Browns Valley, Cal., aged 30 years 8 months and
16 days. . '_::-. • 1 :
IMS" Friends and acquaintances • are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Thtirsd.iy). at 2 o'clock p. M.. from her late resi-
dence, 010 a Hampshire street, thence to St.
Charles Borromeo's Church tor services. Inter-
ment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
LEE— In this city. February 23, 1896, Anna Lee,
a native of California, aged 24 years.
LINDHARD— In this city, February 22. 1896. Mrs.
Mary Lindhard," a native of Oregon, aged 28
years.
LINCOLN— In this, city, February 23, 1896,
Jerome Lincoln, a native of Boston. Mass., aged
66 years. :
&s" Funeral services will be held THIS DAY
(Wednesday), at 1 o'clock p. m... -at his late
residence, 555 Harrison street. Interment pri-
vate. Mountain View Cemetery, Oakland. Pleaso
omit flowers.
MARCUS— In this city, February 24. 1896, at
1309 Leavenworth street, Lizzie, beloved wife of
Frank Marcus, and mother of frank Marcus Jr.,
a native of Derby, England, aged 34 year.i and 1
month. . 1 - : -
43-Frlends of deceased are respectfully invited
toattend the funeral THIS DAY (Wednesday)
at 1 o'clock p. m., from the above residence.
Interment Mountain "View Cemetery. Oakland:
O'BRIEN— In this city, February 24, 1896, Engene
O'Brien, a native of San Francisco, aged 3 'years
7 months and 8 days. • ,
O'DONNELL— In this City, February 24. 1896,
Martin, beloved husband- of the late Ellen
O'Donnell, and beloved father of Mrs. A. J.
Piercy and Maggie and Joseph O'Donnell, a
native of County Galway, . Ireland, aged 67
years. -. ;• . ■
jgSif" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Wednesday), at 8:30 o'clock a. m.. from his late
• residence. 454 Natomastreet, thence to i St. Pat-
rick's Church, where a solemn requiem- mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul,
commencing at 9 o'clock a. m. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery. • ' . ' '•
OHLSSON— In this city, February. 22. .1896. John
Ohlsson, a native of Sweden, aged 49 years.' ;
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Thursday).- at 1 o'clock P. M.. from the par-'
lors of H. F. Suhr Co., 1200 Mission street.
noar Eighth. Interment Cypress Lawn Ceme-
• tery. • - .::!■/.."."'-
PRICE-In Tlealdsburir, Sonoma County, Cal.,
■February 24. 1896. Helen Letetia. daughter of
Andrew and Laura M. Price, aged .7 years and 8
months.
PItICKETT— In the City and County Hospital,
February 25, 1896. Albert J. Prickett, aged 31
years. ■-..'. . ■ , ; ;
RUSSELL— In Vallejo, February 24, 1896. Allan
Grant, beloved and only son of Alexander and
Catherine Russell, aged 3 years 4 months and 24
days. : .
j-j3TFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Wednesday), at 10:30 : o'clock a. m., from 862 i/ s
Mission street. • .
RUSTEBERG- In this city. February. 24, 1896,
Frederike, beloved wife of Andrew Rusteberg,
a native of Hanover, Germany, aged 54 years. •
[Melbourne (Australia) papers please copy.]
JBQB*Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock p. m.. from her late
residence, 2705 ''Folsom. street, near Twenty-
- third. Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery. ' .
SULLIVAN— In this city, February 25, 1896,
• Timothy H., "beloved husband of Annie Sullivan,
and father of Josephine, Mabel, Willie and Daniel
• Sullivan, a native of Dunmanway, County Cork,
Ireland, aged 51 years.
. jJWNottce of funeral hereafter.
THOMPSON— In the City and County Hospital,
February 25, 1896, William J. Thompson, aged
. 54 years. : ■ -- ,--
THOMPSON— In Alameda, February 24.' 1896,
i Mrs. Angelina Thompson, a native of New Jer-
sey. • . > • •
fl£s"Friends and acquaintances are • respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Thursday), at 1 o'clock r. m., from her late
residence, 71!7 Paru street. Interment private.
WALLACE— In this city, February 25. 1896, Wil-
liam Henry, only son of Emetine and the late
William H. Wallace. : . ;,'■■
WELCH— Ib this city, February 25. 1896. entered
into rest, Mary E., beloved wife of William T.
Welch, and daughter of Kate and . the late John
Lynch, a native of Pan Francisco. ••
jjTS-The funeral will take place TO-MORROW
(Tnurstlay), at 9:30 o'clock a. m., from her late
;' residence. 1208 Broadway, thence to St. Francis
.Church, Vallejo street, where a solemn requiem
E high mass' will be celebrated for the repose of
' her soul, commencing at 10 o'clock a. m. Please
omit flowers. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
Y. L. I.— Young Ladies' Institute No. 1 — Sisters:
You are hereby notified to attend the funeral of
our late sister, Mrs. ; Mary Welch, from 1208
Broadway, at 9 o'clock a. 11., TO-MORROW
(Thursday). By order of President, ■';••■■ .
'■• . . •■ - . KATE- FITZ PATRICK.
WTNGATE— In this city, February 24, 1896.' Jen-
• nic, widow of the late B. N. Wihgate. and mother
of .tames B. Wingate. a rfative of Boston, Mass.
' ' jJf3"Friends and acquaintances are', respect-
fully Invited to atteud the funeral THI& DAY
(Wednesday), at 2 A o'clock p. m.. ■ from the
Emmanuel . Baptist Churcn, Bartlett street.' be-
tween Twenty-second and Twenty-third, t Inter-
ment I. O. O. F. Cemetery. *•*; ; . .
C. O. F.— Officers and members of I vanhoe 'circle
■ No. 125, C0. F. : Will please assemble at
Emmanuel Baptist Church, Bartlett street. ' be-
tween Twenty-second and Twenty-third, THIS
DAY (Wednesday), at 1:30 o'clock p. m., to
attend the funeral ot our late companion. Mrs J.
Wingate. By order of . M. PHELPS, C. C.
. A. Pkmbebthy, Fin. Sec. . ■ - •
"" UNITED UNDERTAKERS' •'. '.
EMBALMING PARLORS.
. Everything Requisite for First-class Funerals
- ■ .at Reasonable Rates. '?.?*■'-•"
1 Telephone 3167. ? -27 »nd 29 Fifth street. | j ■
• NIcAVOY & GALLAGHER,: 1
: FUNERAL DIRECTORS &. EMBALSIEB3,
: 80 Vittli St., Opp.' Lincoln School.
, : ■ ;' Telephone 8080. ! . ' : ' .
CYPRESS LAWN CEMETERY,
TKBANMATEO COUNTY; KON-SEC'TARIAIf -
X laid out on the lawn plan; perpetual care; bean-
tiful, permanent and easy of access; see It before
' touring a burial place elsewhere. .
Vity Office, 9 Citjr flail A-fejias.
1516
MURDERED BY HER
FRENZIED HUSBAND
Nick Claussen Shot Down
His Wife in Cold
Blood.
NO MOTIVE IS EVIDENT.
The Killing Occurred in Mrs.
Foley's Home on Everett
Street.
SURRENDER OF THE ASSASSIN.
A Pitiful but Hopeless Attempt Made
by His Eldest Son to Prevent
the Crime.
Nick Clausscn. branded with the mur
der of His wife, is behind the bars of the
City Prison swl the woman who was the
victim oi hi« ungovernable temper lies at
the Morgue with two ragged |buttet holes
in her left breast and one in her left arm.
The tragedy took place last evening at .'>
o'clock in the home of Mrs. Foley at 12
Kverett street. Mrs Cluussen called on
Mrs. Foley early in the afternoon for the
purpose of engaging rooms, as she had
proposed moving irom her late residence
at 120 Pierce street.
About an hour after she had arrived at
the hooae her husband, in a state of in
toxication, knocked at the door and asked
Mrs. Foley if his wife was in. Being in
formed Uiat she was, he entered and went
to a bedroom in the rear part of the house,
in which his wife was sitting.
They immediately began to quarrel, and
Mrs. Foley, anticipating trouble, inter
vened in the woman's behalf and told
Claussen that lie had better leave tne house
until he had sobered up.
He took her advice and left, but in a few
Willie Claussen. the 11 -Year-Old Boy
Who Attempted to Take the Kevolver
Krom His Father's Hand.
minutes he returned and without speaking
AIRS. CLAUSSES, THE MURDERED WOMAN. .
[Sketched by a "Call" artist.]
Highest of all in Leavening Power. — Latest U. S.'Gov't Report
E^ypkl Baking
ABSOLUTELY PURE
CLALSSEN, THH MURDERER.
[Sketched in the City Prison by a "Call " artist.]
to any one walked to the room where he
had left his wife. He drew his revolver
from his porket and tired three shots at
her in rapid succession from a distance of
about three feet, the bullets taking effect
as before stated.
At the time of the shooting, with the
exception of Claussen's 11-year-old, son,
no one was in the room who co*.ild
throw any light as to the cause of the
shooting.
When the boy saw his father draw the
shining revolver, young as he is, he knew
that his father was about to commit a fear
ful crime and he endeavored to wrest the
pistol from me murderer. He grasped it
with both hands and held on to it with
childish desperation, refusing to release
his hold until after two shots had been
tired. He was then shaken off in time to
see his frenzied father shoot a third bullet
into the prostrate and bleeding form oj
the dying woman.
In a moment the wildest excitement en
sued. Crowds began to gather around the
house where the crime had taken place. A
number of policemen who had been at
tracted by the sounds of the shots forced
their way into the building and captured
the assassin, who was standing over the
body of his wife, the smoking revolver
-till in his hand.
In the meantime Mrs. Merritt, an ac
quaintance of Mrs. r/oley, had .made her
way up the back stairs and into the room
where the shotting had occurred. She
loosened the clothiiig about the neck and
breast of the wounded woman and en
deavored to bring her back to conscious
ness by applying restoratives. Her work
was in vain, for in a few moments the
patrol wagon, which had been telephoned
for, arrived and the still unconscious
woman was started for the Receiving Hos
piial. This proved to be an unnecessary
journey, as the woman died on the way.
Her body was laid on a cot in the hos
pital, and the Coroner notified. The body
was removed to the Morgue.
Claussen, still showing the effects of the
liciuor he had been drinking, but other
wise cool and collected, as if he
hardly realized the enormity of his. crime,
was securely ironed and taken to the City
Prison.
He did not appear in the least conscience
stricken at committiag such a "old
bloodeil murder, but rather acted as if he
had done someth ing that he had no rea
son to be ashamed of.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 26, 1896.
In answer to a question as to what
prompted him to kill his wife he said:
"Well, she called me a bad name, and I
shot her." He denied that the deed was
prompted by jealousy, and repeated that
it was simply because she called ;him a
"black dog."
"She was my second wife," said Claus
sen, "and I married her five years ago,
about it year and a half after the death of
my first wife. She was a chambermaid in
tiie Russ House, where I was working at
my trade as a baker, and we became at
tached to each other and got married. I
was then 33 years of age, and she was a
year older.
' My three children, two boys and a girl,
are by my first wife, and better children
never lived. She was always kind to them,
as kind as if they had been her own. I
will say that much for her.
"For the past six months we had not
lived happily together and six days ago
she left me. This afternoon I called at 12
Everett street to engage a room and met
her there by accident. We had some
words and she called me names and I shot
her.
"I have been working at Engelberg's
bakery on Kearny street recently, but have
worked in bakeries in different parts of the
city."
Claussen's sister, Mrs. Mary Christen
sen, wife of a master mariner, who
iives on Dolores street, called at the
City Prison last night to see him. They
conversed together for a few minutes, and
she seemed deeply affected. She has had
Claussen's daughter Lena living with her
since Friday, and she will take the two
boys home with her this morning. They
were asleep in Matron Gillmore's room
when she called, and she thought it better
not to disturb them. The three children
are: Willie, 11 years ot age; Louis 9, and
Leva, 7.
It was learned that Claussen was in
sanely jealous of his wife, and when he
was under the influence of liquor, which
was very frequent, his jealousy became in
flamed and he abused his wife. Three or
four months ago she had him arrested for
threats against life, but the charge was
dismissed as he promised to behave him
self.
On Friday he was drunk and he drove
her from the house. She went to live with
a friend on Powell street, the two boys re
mained with their father and the little girl
went to the house of her aunt.
Yesterday afternoon Willie went to
Powell street to see his stepmother, and
not finding her there he went to 12 Ever
ett street. He was there talking with her
when Claussen and the boy Louis called.
Claussen went out, and when he returned
he told the two boys to go down to the
kitchen and 'fix themselves up. as he was
to take them out with him. When they
left the room to ro to the kitchen Mrs.
Claussen was dressing her hair in front of
the mirror, and in a minute or two later
the boys heard the shots. Such is the
story told by Willie.
The murdered woman w»s, prior to her
marriage, a Miss P^lizabeth Shaw. She
was born in Ireland thirty-nine years ago,
of English parents. If the statements of
her friends are true, she ;had always been
a hard-working woman, and for many
months had been forced to suffer much
cruelty at the hands of her husband, par
ticularly when he was intoxicated. There
was less motive evident and the crime was
committed in a more cold-blooded and
heartless manner than any of the many
murders that have lately shocked this
City.
A CASE OF SMALLPOX.
William Kelly, a Student, Develops the
Disease After Leaving This City
and Going to Napa.
The Board of Health is much exercised
over the faci that a case of smallpox has
developed in this City. Dr. Bazet ad
dressed a communication to the board
yesterday in .which he stated that on
February 20 "William Kelly, a student,
had called at his office and complained
that he was suffering from malaria. He
examined the patient and found him
suffering from fever, but saw nothing
serious in the case and advised a change
of air. Subsequently he heard from Dr.
Taylor of Napa, who notified him that
Kelly, while stopping in that town, had
developed a genuine case of smallpox.
Inquiry developed the fact that he had
stopped one night with a family at 307
Lott street after having been examined by
Dr. Bazet and had tben gone to Napa.
The local physician at once went to the
Lott-street residence and vaccinated the
inmates and notified the Board of Health.
An- effort will be made to ascertain where
Kelly contracted the disease.
• — • — •
Acknowledged by All.
GREAT AMERICAN IMPORTING TEA CO.'S
Teas, Coffeea and Spices
Best aud Cheapest. Try Them.
Pretty presents given away free.
62 Market st., S. Y. Headquarters.
BRANCH STORES EVERYWHERE.
GOVERNOR BUDD
ON JOHN P. IRISH
Why the Colonel's Official
Head Went to the
Basket.
A SIGNIFICANT LETTER
Received by the Executive the
Day the Removal Was
Made.
THE LEGISLATIVE INQUIRY,
Colonel N. T. James Expresses His
Opinion of Colonel John P.
Irish.
Governor Budd was seen at the residence
of Harbor Commissioner Colnon on Haight
street last evening. When asked if he had
anything to say in reply to John P. Irish's
statements published in The Call yester
day, he said:
"It is impossible to enter into a public
discussion concerning the removal of Mr.
Irish. If the public, however, deems the
question of sufficient importance for inves
tigation, I can refer to the report of the
joint committee on State Hospitals and
Asylums and Public Health and Quaran
tine of the last Legislature. This report
may be found on page 297 of the journal of
the Assembly, thirty-first session."
"It is significant, " continued Governor
Budd, "that a Republican committee re
commended the removal by a Democratic
Governor of a Republican board of trus
tees.
"On the day that Irish was removed I
received this letter:
Tn James H. Budd, Governor Slate, of California
—Sir: We, the undersigned, memDers ot the
Assembly committees, to wit, the Committee
on Hospitals and Asylums and also the Com
mittee on I'ublic Health and Quarantine, that
jointly investigated the Industrial Home of
Mechanical Trades for Adult Blind during the
last Legislature, found the inmates in such a
state of intimidation that to induce them to
speak freely of the affairs of the institution it
became necessary to promise them the protec
tion of the State." This promise was to get at
the facts, thus serving the best interests of the
Btate, and it should be kept inviolate.
The Legislature not now being in session,
yon, sir, are the only person in position to re
deem this pledge; therefore we most respect
fully call your attention to the case of E. B.
Taylor, one of the inmates who was
induced by this promise to give use
ful and accurate information to the
committees, and in a few days thereafter,
without a hearing and without being informed
of the cause of nis expulsion, was discharged
from the home. Now, as he was following his
usual duties at the Dome, and that, too, without
let or hindrance, and also that lie was ex
pelled immediately after our visit to the home
(no charges of misconduct being against him
up to that date) should be taken as prima facie
evidence that he was expelled for giving this
information to the committees, and is entitled
to the protection of the State.
Now, precedents will bear us out in saying
that we believe it is your duty as chief execu
tive of the State topreserve the integrity of
Us representatives by reinstating this blind
man, and no pretext or technicality on the
part of the directory should De allowed to
stand in the way.
He recently made application for reinstate
ment, which was indorsed and recommended
by Superintendent Hays, but his application
was rejected by the board and no reason given
therefQr.
We earnestly urge-your immedißte action, as
he hos been unjustly deprived of the benefits
of the home for a year or more, and now as he
calls upon the representatives of the State to
redeem this promise It is the duty of the State
to do so promptly.
Some of the members of these committees are
living in the immediate vicinity of the home
and have personal knowledge of the facts
herein referred to.
We suggest that he be permitted the benefits
of the home until such time as he is formally
admitted.
feeling confident that you will take promDt
and vigorous action in this matter, I am, air,
your most obedient servant. #
"The letter is signed by J. H. Glass, J. B.
McDonald, M. Lewis, John O'Day, William
T. Boothby, Robert Gay, Louis P. Zoccbi,
W. G. Hudson and O. H. Huber."
The Governor directed attention to the
fact that Sanders was removed in Decem
ber, "yet Irish served two months there
after, and now asserts that he was dis
charged because he would not vote to dis
place Sanders.
"If further light is needed on the re 7
moval of Irish and the management of
the Institute for the Blind, I refer you to
the Board of Trustees.
"The four directors appointed are: T. C.
Coogan, J. R. Glaacock, N. T. James and
David S. Hirshberc — men of high char
acter."
The Governor positively declined to ex
press his opinion of Irish personally, but
was. willing to concede to the decapitated
the right of squealing and making a great
noise. Said he:
If the public -want to know anything
more about the facts let this extract from
the report of the Assembly Committee of
the last Legislature be.studied :
January 2r) we visited the Industrial Home
of Mechanical Trades for the Adult Blind at
Oakland and we regret the fact that we cannot
make the same commendatory report of this
institution that wo have of others visited. In
this case as in the others we took the manage
ment by surprise and our investigation-was as
thorough as we could make it within the lim
ited time allotted.
The bath and toilet rooms were mostly in
fair condition, but one bathtub was so un
clean h- to be a disgusting sight, and the men's
public toilet was in a similar condition to that
of a public toilet at a railroad station. The
smoking-room is a disgrace to the State. It
has a cement floor, which could not be seen for
the filth, and while the claim is made by the
management that this room is "hosed' 1 out
at least once a week, yet the evidence
would indicate that it had not been cleaned"
for many weeks. Coal for fuel was piled upon
the floor and the seats were in a dilapidated
condition. -Many of the inmates seen in the
buildings and about the grounds were wretch
edly clothed and were so filthy in appearance
as to be absolutely nauseating and "repulsive.
The lowest depraved Inmates of the Stockton
Asylum, incapable of self-control, with drool
oozing from their mouths and noaes, were
clean compared toxonic of these.
There can be no possible explanation for
this condition of things other than bad man
agement. Discontent reigns supreme among
the inmates in regard to the management. The
atmosphere was rife with petty jealousies and
a system of espionage, which we are convinced
does exist on the part of the superintendent
was generally complained of. Practical disci
pline seemed to be absolutely wanting.
But little attention was paid to the ordi
nary complaints and murmtirings of indi
viduals, but a large number of the in
mates, including practically all of the
women, were for some reason or other ab
solutely afraid to talk to the members of
the committee, stating that the spies were
on the alert and that many times they
were treated harshly for speakin^ the
truth.
"To-day," said the Governor, "I visited
the Receiving Hospital in the basement of
the City Hall and the department set aside
for the detention of those who are charged
with insanity. Complaint had been made
that the Sheriff received such unfortunate
people and removed them from the cells
too quickly after being taken to the hos
pital.
c '" r l 1 * investigation showed me that the
bheriff cannot remove the patients too
soon. The place is simply useful for the
purpose for which they are used. The
place is cold, and while the sides are
padded the front part is not, and there is
nothing to prevent them from butting
their heads against the bars. There is no
lire there on Sundays, and then they are
particularly cold, and it is inhnman to
keep people in such a place.
"I shall go south to look into the institu
tions there, including the San Bernardino
asylum and the Whittier School."
Colonel N. T. James, manager of the
Alliance Insurance Company, character
izes Colonel John P. Irishes scathing criti
cisms of Governor Budd published in yes
terday's Call as a display of Billingsgate;
tiiat he himself has no wish further to call
forth by making any retort to the tirade" di
rected at him.
"I do not care," said Cohjnel James,
"what Mr. Irish may either think or say
about me. but I think that the cowardly
and uncalled-for attack against the family
of Mr. Hays is the result of his guilty
knowledge in having gone to Washington
with papers io obtain a position for Mr.
Hays and then taken it for himself.
"Where did he get his title, Anyway? I
think you would find it' was simply'from
having served on the Governor's staff.
"Jack Hays' father was the celebrated
Texas Ranger, one of the history-makers
of California. If he were alive now and
Irish should see him stepping off the Oak
land boat he wouldn't stay on the penin
sula."
LONGFELLOW SCHOOL.
Boards of Health and Education Trying
to Determine Upon a Plan for Its
Reopening.
The Board of Health and the Board of
Education held a joint meeting yesterday
afternoon in the office of Dr. Morse on
Stockton street, the purpose- being to ar
rive at some conclusion concerning the
Longfellow School, which has been closed
by the Board of Health, and the Rincon
School, which ajoins the Longfellow, and
which that board threatens to ciose.
Of the Board of Education there were
present: Clinton, McElroy, Henderson
md Knox. Of the Board of Health: Drs.
Hart, Williamson and Morse and Health
Officer Lovelace.
The members of the Board of Education
declared that it was of the utmost impor
tance to open and keep open the schools,
and the members of the Board of Health
said they recognized that fact, but the
health of the pupils and the City was of
the first importance.
Some plans were presented looking to a
temporary abatement of the nuisance until
the summer vacation, when it is possible
that the Longfellow School may be aban
doned and other provisions made for the
pupils.
>io action was taken, the matter being
deferred until the regular meeting of the
Board of Health this morning, at which
the Board of Education will be present
with iheir plans properly formulated.
AUCTION OF REALTY.
Low Figures at Knston, Kldridge & Co.'i
Sale Yesterduy.
The figures realized at the miscellaneous
auction sale of realty by Easton, Eldridge
& Co. yesterday were low. Among the
pieces which passed under the hammer
were the following:
Alexandria Hotel property on the south line
of Sutter street, -11 feet east of Jones, lot 05x
137:0* $69,500, subject to the confirmation of
the owner; lot 98:4%xl00, with improve
ments, at the northwe>t"cornerof Fillmore and
.Jackson .streets, $28, 500; lot on Fair Oaks
street, north of Twenty-fifth, 25x108, $1520;
lot adjoining, 25x125 feet, $1615; house and
lot 25x100, on the north line ot Ridley street,
140 feet east of Guerrero, $3875; lot at the
noribwest corner of Guerrero and Tvventy
seventh streets. 80x27, $2400; improved lot
adjoining on Twenty-seventh street, 20x77,
$1300; lot 34.:4J a 'xl37:6 on the south line of
Broadway, between Webster and Fillmore,
$1300, and lot adjoining, 34:4)^x137:6,
$13,300.
DR. MACKENZIE'S LECTUBE.
Presbyterianism and Modern Thought
Diecuiised at Trinity Church.
'"Presbyterianism and Modern Thought"
was the subject of a very instructive and
highly entertaining lecture delivered by
the Rev. Robert Mackenzie in Trinity
Church last night.
The Rev. Mackenzie drew a fine distinc
tion between modern and ancient thought.
The thought of the intellectual man is a?
intense as hunger itself — the intense hun
ger for knowledge.
In Old England plum porridge has al
ways served ..with, the first course of a
Christmas dinner.
'..■..' NEW TO-DAY.
iT"s*V .»:: /;;.;.> A business man is
' ~jl£ltl '' ' " *~ s ~l not the most patient
' U-Ji^Bßftk^Wy ' stop work every
lM\Hnßßrf minute to bother
Avin! BBHr with an irritating
S^VKrofl^pK^7' skin disease, or a
f'vi \r^^MßKj harking cough that
V^.jjßßmPPSjj^'/ insists on breaking
yj into his bargain-
sjfi\Wj ft will he wait to hear
J >' l\%y^ any long-drawn-out
V~ jf _S*^^^ story of the cause
..; : ! . : : of his ailment. He
doesn't care two straw* about a fine spun
theory of how he should treat himself. He
may be predisposed to scrofula, or consump-
tion. That," he will" tell you "has noth-
ing to do with the case." He wants to ba
well. If he can be cured, I . write out a pre-
scription and send in your bill. So, here's
I the first part of the proposition.
Dr. Pierces Golden Medical Discovery is
a medicine that permeates the whole body
as water goes through a sponge. It is a mi-
crobe hunter and a microbe killer. It is a
well-known fact that many persons of scrof-
ulous blood, encourage the breaking out
of unsightly sores, to prevent the disease
going to the lungs. There is no need of
living in this state of dread and discomfort
Purify the blood. It can be done. The
"Golden Medical Discovery." will cure 98
per cent, of all consumptive cases, also of
all other lingering, bronchial, throat and
lung diseases. Don't allow a druggist to
persuade you into taking something that
he says is "just as good." Maybe it's bet-
ter for him — better for his profits. .Take
the "Golden Medical Discovery — the
greatest discovery of the age. In addition,
in order to know yourself better, send to
the "World's "• Dispensary Medical Associa-
tion, Buffalo, N.Y., 21 one-cent stamps to
cover cost of mailing only, and get in re-
turn. Dr. Pierces Common Sense Medical
Adviser. It is a book of 1008 pages, illus-
trated, and is full of, common sense talk
that any one who can read will understand.
•And here is the testimony of Mrs. K. E. En-
ders, of Carey, Ohio, in regard to the "Golden
Medical j Discovery V 1 : "I had a troublesome
skin disease. I suffered much from surface sores.
Nothing helped me until I tried the Golden
Medical Discovery.' A year or two later I had
: lung trouble. Again the 'Discovery' cured me."
"^ &/ a&4s£/
PATRONIZE HOME INDUSTRY
BUY DIRECT FROM TOE
MANUFACTURER.
REFINED BAR 1R0N......... 91.75 base
ANGI,?: 1R9N..V.................. 2.25 flat
BAND 1R0N.;...".... .............. 58. 10 ' ' ••
Round Edge Tire Steel 2.15 : flat
Toe .• ........... 2.40 "
Plow • "...;..... 2.25 "
German Hammered" 3.75 base
Pick '■'." ••••••••• 4.00 :"."■:
Machinery- • •■•'....'..."... 2.00 • U
Sprtng _ • " .;.:..... -2.50 • •♦
Cold Rolled ''-••.:'•••• 3.25 " .
Finished 5hafting.............. 3.25 ••
' Terms Cash. ' 'F.O. B. \ Cars or Steamer:
JUDSOH M'PG. CO.
City Office:— Cor. Howard & Beale Sts.,
■--.': . ; • :•■ :£>. SAN FRANCISCO. - "
I
NEW TO-DAY— DRY GOODS.
RIBBON
DEPARTMENT I
Our stock of NEW RIBBONS for SPRING
1896 is now complete and we are showing
the most elegant assortment of FANCY
RIBBONS ever exhibited in this city. Our
stocks of PRINTED WARP RIBBONS in-
clude DRESDENS, POMPADOURS, PER-
SIANS, PLAIDS, OMBRE EFFECTS,
STRIPES, POLKA DOTS and Taffetas, and
are all in the very latest colorings.
-E== — SPECIAL !■ :=c-
-275 pieces PERSIAN RIBBONS, fifty different effect*
full 5 inches in width,
Price 60c a Yard
— SPECIAL !■ :=?■
500 pieces No. 22 COLORED SATFN AND GROS-GRAIN
RIBBON (warranted pure silk), in all the leading
shades,
Price 2Oc a Yard
•e=S — SPECIAL ! — =e=s-
-400 pieces 4?-INCH COLORED GROS-GRAIN RIBBON
(all pure silk),
Price 25c a Yard
Of Country orders receive prompt attention.
tW Goods delivered free in San Rafael. Sausalito, Blithe-
dale, Mill Valley, Oakland, Alameda and Berkeley.
111, 113, 115. 117, 119, 121 POST STREET.
AUCTION SALES.
BY ORDER OF
HON. ADOLPH SUTRO.
CREDIT AUCTION !
I 4 CASH.
YON RHEIN & CO.,
THURSDAY, MARCH 5, 1896,
; . At IS M. Slaarp, cut " .
513 O -A. Xj 110I 1 0 PL I .A. ST
0. L. Blocks 225 and 224
FRONTING POINT LOBOS, 43d, 44th and 45th AVENUES,
C/EA/E/M SfREET -,
«v» IS /? c^ cj /6 /7 «Q
* . ; ' '7 2-0 ■■-■':• '■ /5 /8 '
■''«•» ; /fe 2.1 - : /4 /9 •
\ J * ZZ C 1 /J 2C ;
>' /^ ZZS J3 : "Z /2 2* -f 2/ :■£ .
. : " -/3 ' lv ~ N // 22 •
' ; *'2 2S /o 23 '■
\ '•• v/ ZG (; •'■■■•■■■•> •^■a^
td I - " <y " ai ?'
V JIM V a7 - 6 ?* 5 J^ " — ~ **>
Only 1000 feet from Sutro Heights, close to Station of Sutroand California
Street Railroads. The peerless New Cliff, the world-renowned Baths
and the couutless attrnctions of that vicinity.
IN FULL VIEW OF THE PACIFIC OCEAN.
Catalogues, Diagrams and Full Particulars, at
• • YON RtiEIN & CO., Auctioneers, 513 California Street.
REGULAR WEEKLY AUCTION SALE.
jfe £2* £ci
SFECIAIj !
Wednesday February 26, 1896,
At 11 o'clock a. M., we will sell .
AT GRAND ARCADE HORSE MARKET,
-327 SIXTH BTKBJCT,
By order of a private gentleman,' the Handsomest
Klz in Town, consisting of one Handsome Chest-
nut Sorrel Mare, 5 years old, good roadster or busi-
ness horse: one Fine Open Buggy, one.Handsome
Top Busirv, Harness, Ilobes, Blankets..etc.
5 Also 30 Work Horses,' Open and : Top Wagons,
Carts, Phaetons, New and Second-hand Harness.
No reserve or limit. -■-■< .-•' ••-
-; SULLIVAN & DOYLE, LivestocK Auctioneers.
DR.WOi\GWOO
Cliineno Drue* ' J[^^^>,jS3k
and Tea - and Herb mff
>:inil:ll-illl«l. Wif ■
776 CLAY STKEET, Bl ■ /< 'xB
Bet. Ki'iirnw and Dupont, Km flj^ ST
. .San Francisco. W^f »S3 /to •
I, the undersl»!n«l, have .' > / 7 . km
been cured from kidnvy " rfpfc*i\ 35
trouble, from which 1 b VlHr^ *-/ 1
suffered for over 10 years, F J^ %
by Dr. Wong Woo. fp,
Dalles,' Or. nßM|w C^H
Nov. 20, 1895. HSr-^Bl^
Office honrs: 9:30tollH KMnß^
A. If.; 1t03,7t0 9 p. H. VHHBHBgfINBV